
~DAY 
EDITION 
• OPINION 

Last week, Molly McKay 
was elected as UCB chair by 
a 5-2 vote of the board's 
members. The UCB receive 
$3.3 million annually -
from student funds - and it 
is imperative that tudents 
decide who sits as chair of 
the board/PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Most students can't do 

field work until the graduate 
level, but last quarter 12 
undergraduates had thi 
opponunity. Selected by V A 
Professor lehanne Teihet-
Fi k, the group traveled to 
Tonga and studied the 
Polynesian community/ 
PAGE 9 

• A&E 
From the local comedy 

clubs in the San Francisco 
Bay Area to his own iteom, 
comedian Mark Curry has 
worked his way to stardom. 
Curry recently poke with 
A&E about how he achieved 
tardom and what he plans 

forthe future/PAGE 12 

• SPORTS 
The UCSD golf te,am is 

traveling to Lincoln, 
Nebraska for the NCAA 
Division m national golf 
championships at the par-7l, 
6,762-yard Firethom 
Country Oub. Fire:hom 
presents special problems 
because it's designed by 
Pete Dye, whose courses 
have been called everything 
from unconventional to 
unfairlPAGE 14 

INDEX ... 
UCSD News .............. 2 
()pinion ...................... 4 
Features .................... 9 
ArtsIEntertaJnrnent .. 12 
Sports ..........•.••....•... 24 

_1IIaI1::I· 

Water Polo Wins Championship Long Charges 'Dirty Politics' in UCB Vote 

l' _,.. , 
I .,... . /II. 

# 
r 

By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

Last week' election of Molly M Kay as Universi-
ty enter Board (U B) chair has genenlled claims f 
"diny politic ., and backstabbing from former U B 

hai r Nick Long. 
Long has alleged that Graduare tudent Associa-

tion (G A) President Daved Fremont betrayed grad-
uate IUdent candidatc Paul Eykamp both by removing 
him from the U B on the day of the election and by 
lying about Eykamp to the board. 

Long aid that he beEeves Frem III may have been 
trying to aid Eykamp' opponent, fOn1ler Ass iated 

lUdell! Vice Pre ident External Molly McKay. 
" 1 know for a fact thatthi. was the case. [McKay] 

and [Fremont] are politically aligned:' he said . 
While Fremont called the allegations hab urd." 

McKay reponed that she had no knowledge of any 
underhanded behavior. 

ft er the nine voting members of the UCB cast 
their votes last M nday night, M Kay became the 
U B chair-clect by a 5-2 majority. with two absten-
tions. 

Long conceded that McKay gained the uppon of 
many mcmbers of the board on her own mcrit. 

"[ McKay] did very well in her ill!ervie\"~. I thin" 
the bard members liked her new ide:a~. Peoplc were: 
more convinced that ~he \ ould bring about a \cn\c of 
changc:' he said. 

The U B chair is ~een by many a ... the lllo~1 
imponanl ~tudent position on campu\, mo ... tly due to 
the fact that the B controls the $3.3 million budget 

~ r the Price and tuclent elller.,. 
-ykamp served a'> the GSA representallve to thc 

U B, and was U B vice chair. A~ vlC.:e chair. Ey"amp 
had the right to panicipatc in the board\ close:d 
~e~~ion candidate interview!'> and !'>ubseque:nt board 
discus~ion, and to vote in the chair election . 

The controver!>y !'>tane:d the day of the election. 
when Long said he received a memo frorri Fremont 
!>tating lhat Eykamp wa~ being removed from his 

po~ition a~ GSA repre~entative on the B. As a 
resuh. Eykamp cou ld no longer scrve: a~ vicc chai r. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
The UCSD women's water polo team defeated UC Davis 6-5 in the finals of the 
USA National Championships. It is the Tritons' second consecutive title. 
Brenda Reitan led UCSD with three goals and was named All-American along 
with Christy Parker, Kristen Larson, and Jamie Dailey. See story, page 24. 

remont, who a\slIIned the po:.iti n of GSA repre-
~entative. said that he delivered the memo to the UCB 
office on Friday, May 10. and had it ~tampcd by the: 
secretary. Long sa id that he had not received the memo 
by 9 a.l11. on May 13. 

Eykamp said that he wa!'> ncver told by Fremont 01 
See UCB, Page 8 

C.A.P.E. Cuts Cause Removal of Student Comments 
• $43,000 deficit caused by lack of attention to spending, says director 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

The reported demi se of 
UCSD's Course and Professor 
Evaluations (C.A.P.E.) may have 
been exaggerated - but the 
C.A.P.E. program is certainly go-
ing through some major changes. 

A Guardian repon earlier this 
month quoted a Literature De-
partment official who said that 
c.A.P.E. was a casualty of the 
University of California's grow-
ing budget problems. 

In fact, c.A.P.E. will continue 
to operate in the future, but budget 
cuts will force changes in the way 
C.A.P.E. books are handled and 
produced. 

According to c.A.P.E. Direc-
tor lana Carey, the annual C.A.P.E. 
book will still be published as 
usual and will be released in Sep-
tember, but will not contain para-
graphs detailing student com-
ment. 

Carey said CAP.E. has ac-
crued a $43,000 deficit over the 
past four years, mostly because 
the organization is "almost en-
tirely student run." 

"Because there i not much 
administrative [monetary guid-
ance], there was no attention be-
ing paid to how much money was 
being spent," Carey said. 

According to Tom Bond, 
Revelle College provost and chair 
of CA.P.E.'s traditional source 
of funding - the Instructional 
Improvement Committee - the 
deficit wa caused by past 
c.A.P.E. committee repeatedly 
cutting into the program's future 
budgets in order to cover present 
cost. 

"Each year's C.A.P.E. would 
use next year's budget to pay 
costs, which meant next year' 
committeestarted in a hole," Bond 
said. Hit finally caught up, and 
now this year' CAP.E. is pay-

ingthepricefortheco toverruns 
of previous years." 

It was the $43,000 deficit that 
caused Tom Hull,a si tant to Vice 
Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
MarjorieCa erio, to tell CAP.E. 
that "things had to be straight-
ened out." 

"He was very adamant that we 
get something done," Carey said. 

According to Bond, the In-
tructional Improvement Com-

mittee has many other needs to 
meet, including training teaching 
a sistants and running under-
graduate seminar , and was un-
able to provide additional fund-
ing. 

Instead, Bond aid he worked 
with C.A.P.E. to figure out the 
best way to cut costs. 

The olution they found was 
to lay off the eight editors hired to 
write the paragraphs of student ' 

per hour to do a job that Carey 
described a being ex tremely 
time-consuming . 

"Reading through the com-
ments from 1,500 classes, tally-
ing them up, writing the para-
graphs, and then making revi-
sions takes a long time," she said. 

According to Carey, byelimi-
nating the eight editorial posi-
tions, C.AP.E. was able to elimi-
nate its budget deficit and the 
organization i "compl etely 
straight now." 

Bond tre ed that the budget 
problem is not the fault of the 
pre ent C.AP.E taff, and added 
that he was very impressed that 
they are going ahead with next 
year's book. 

"Through no fault of their own 
the present taff inherited a bud-
get problem, and I have a lot of 
re peet for them for producing 
with a much mailer budget," he 

See C.A.P.E., Page 3 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Holocaust Series Concludes WIth 
Final Three Lectures May 22..June 5 

A part ofa lecture series continuing through June 5 on 
the Holocaust. the last three lectures will focus on the 
historical. philosophical, and religiou aspects of raci m 
and anti-semitism in the world. All the lectures, which are 
free and open to the public, will begin at 7 p.m. in Room 
2250 of the Humanities and Social Sciences Building on 
the Muir College campus. 

On Wednesday, John Roth from Claremont-McKenna 
College will address ome of the philosophical and reli-
gious issues of unti-semiti m in a lecture tided, "Holocaust 
Questions: Philosophical and Religious Inquiries After 
Auschwitz. " 

On May 29, Michael Marru from Toronto University 
will provide a historical perspective on the Nazi era in his 
lecture titled, "Re-entering History: The Study of the 
Holocau t." Marrus ' lecture is being co-sponsored by the 
Judaic Studies Program at UCSO. 

OnJune 5, Leonard Dinnerstein from the University of 
Arizona will focus on "Racism and Anti-Semiti m in 
American History." In his lecture. Dinner:;tein will ~hare 
some of hi experiences while studying ethnic Americans 

~Jnd the American Jewish experience. 
The lec ture series i~ being held in conjunction with an 

exhibit from the Anne Frank enter in Amsterdam. "Anne 
Fran" in the World: 1929-1945." The lecture serie. is 
sponson.:d by the U 0 Division of Social cience~ and 
the UCSD Division of Humanities. 

Comedian Mark Curry to Appear 
In Price Center Theater Tomorrow 

omedian Mark urry will appear at UC D on May 
21 at 8 p.m. to tum the Price enter theater into an 
improvisational night. pot. 

Curry stoirted his career as a la.s~ clown in sch I. 
Then, as a member of the working fOI e, he was urged to 
go into comedy by hi~ co-workers. 

TIlrough his omedy. urry portrays the absurd situa-
tion. of everyday life and, because he is black, the absurd 

Calvin and Hobbes 

DA.D. \-\C1ft CJ:llo.\E \(OJ 
U\JE IN ~IS OOIJSE 

W\TI--I MOM ... 

The: UCSD Guardian 

ituations of everyday black life. Curry says there is a fine line 
between perpetuating stereotypes and just talking about the 
realities of certain neighborhoods and lifestyles. 

For more information, call the UCSD Box Office at 534-
4559. 

Architectural Scholarship Awarded 
To Structural Engineering Student 

The San Diego chapter of the Society for Marketing 
Professional Services (SMPS) presented it annual scholar-
~hip award to Revelle Colleg junior James Statser Jr. at it. 
April meeting. 

Statscr is a structural engineering student. 
SMPS awards up to three scholarship each year to eligible 

applicants, as detennined by both academic and personal 
achievements, who are enrolled in an educational program 
leading to a career in the architectural field . 

Revelle College Honors Students at 
Academic Scholarship Banquet 

Revelle College honored its top 100 students with a stu-
dent/faculty banquet held at the Faculty Gub last Friday. 
Students with GPA above 3.7, including 46 graduating 
seniors, were given special recognition. Vice Chancellor 
Marjorie Caserio, the principal speaker, nored the record 
number of graduates - 721 - and the high percentage of 
those going on to graduate and professional school. Oanny 
Osman, a traight A double major in Computer Science and 
Psychology, spoke for the students. Gary Painter was chosen 
as the winner of the Joel Dean Award for being the top QEDS 
major. It was also announced that Tracy Johnson will receive 
the Alumni A sociation's award as the college 's Outstanding 
Graduate, and the Occanids A ward for ervice to the college 
was awarded to Brad Fields. 

Seniors also selected David Jordan (Anthropology) and 
Jonathan Saville (Theater and Humanities) as outstanding 
profe .. ors. Saville's election mmked the third time he has 
rece i ved the honor. Maura Robbi ns. director of Revelle Finan-
cial Aid. wa~ selected as outstanding taff member. 

Career Services Offers Support Group 
For Students Involved in Job Search 

Student intere ·ted in receiving support while in the pro-
ces of looking for a job after graduation may join the Job 
Search Club. The club, which is open to students who are 
graduating by JUlle 1991, will help th~m learn and practice 
a. sertive jobsear h strategies. Career Services advisors facili-
tate the group through eight se 'sions during the three weeks 
after gmduation. Applications are currently available at the 
Career Services Center. 

by Bill Watterson 

1 
1 
I , 
Q 

Thursday, May 20,1991 

Aborigines Demonstrate Traditional 
Australian Performance Art 

For millennia, Australian natives have told stories of 
theirheritagethroughdancing, chanting, and sand painting 
rituals. While these rituals are ordinarily performed on 
sacred ground in the Australian bu h, they will be per-
fornled at UCSD on Thursday and Friday. 

Two tribal aborigine connected with the recent revival 
of rraditional aboriginal painting, two white Austrdlian 
perfomlance poets, and a poet of aboriginal descent will 
present "A Walkabout Continuum: 30.000 Years of Aus-
rralian Performance Art." 

On Thursday at 7:30 p.m., the continuum will be 
presented at UCSO's Center for Music Experinnc:nt.1t will 
begin with age-oLd songs and dances perfonned by Billy 
Stockman Tjapaltjarpi and Maxie Tjampitjiopa. Members 
of the Pintllpi tribe from central Australia. the: two aborigi-
nes will chant their song-lines and perform ceremonial 
dances, A documentary film on Pintupi life, made by 
continuum performers Billy Marshall-Stoneking and Nigel 
Robens, will also be shown. 

After the: Pintupi perfonnances, Terry Whitebeach, a 
Tasmanian writerofaboriginal descent, will read from her 
award-winning stories and poems about aboriginal life in 
white society. . 

On Friday at 12 p.m., the aboriginal performers will 
direct acommunal sand painting event outside at the Grove 
Gallery. Those who wish to take part in the ceremony will 
be able to participate in a form of traditional painting. 
which has been transposed into contemporary aboriginal 
methods using acrylic, canvas, and other contemporary 
materials rather than sand. 

While the creative work is going on, the performers wi II 
chant a narrative of the painting and explain the signifi-
cance of each participant' contribution. They will also 
instruct lay painters in the techniques and meanings of the 
ritual. 

The events are being spon ored by UCSO's DepaJ1-
ments of Vi ual Art . Literature and Creative Writing, as 
well a~ Ethnic Studies and the Interarts Con ortium. For 
more infonnation, call UCSD Extension at 534-3400. 
Peruvian Documentary Scheduled 
For Tuesday Night at the Che Cafe 

On Tuesday, the Che Cafe is sponsoring a showing of 
a documentary video titled "Revolution in Pel," 

The video traces the history of the Communi t Party of 
Peru since its beginning in 1980 and recent development 
in the revolution. 

11le show will begin at 7 p.m. 

GUAJC. nIAN 
PHIl GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, MBnsging Ednor 
LES BRUVOlD, Assocfste Sports Ednor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Assocfste Features Editor 
JAMES COlUER, Design Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Ednor 
MEUNDA HAMIlTON, AssociBte News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, As$ocfste News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Assocfste Ans Editor 
HEATHER HOt.. TZCLAW, Associate Sports Editor 
CHRIS11NA HUIZAR, ArlsIEntertainment Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENtiFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KOAZON, AaocIs/e Copy Editor 
Mel MARCELO, Aaocfste Graphics Edlror 
SANGEET A MEHTA. AssocIlfte Features Editor 
BAlAN MORRIS, AaocIate Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNEll, News Editor 
JEFFREY Y AMAGuat, FMftJra Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, AttsIEntetf8lnment Editor 

Monday, May 20, 1991 The: UCSD Guardian 

Regents to Tighten Requirements 
• Budget cuts mandate reduced enrollment 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

In response to cuts due to the $14.2 
billion shortfall in the California state bud-
get, the regent tightened requirement for 
student applying to UC campuses at their 
meeting in hvine on Thursday . 

AI it Febru~meeting, the board asked 
the UC Academic Senate Board of Admis-
sions and Relations with Schools to adjust 
the requirements in an effort to deal with 
budget cuts. Officials said that they expect 
the tightening of requirements \0 reduce 
enrollmentsy temwide by about 5,500 tu-
dents over the next three to four years . 

The current scholarship prerequisites 
require that applying students complete 15 
units in a selection of specific cour:;es as 
well as the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) 
or the American College Test (ACT) and 
th ree College Board Achievement Tests. 

C.A.P.E. 
ContInued from page 1 
said. 

To compensate for the missing para-
graphs, there will be 18 or 19 additional 
questions which will represent infor-
mation previously gathered from the 
comment paragraphs. 

The statistical results of these 
addtional questions will then be printed 
in the book. 

Bond tressed, however, that faculty 
members will still receive student com-
ments when they receive copies of the 
actual CA.P.E. questionnaires for their 
courses. 

"The comments are very imponant 
to faculty," he added. 

The eligibility index is onstructed from 
afonnulathatcombine the student' grade 
point average and test scores. To gain en-
trance on the ba is of holarship, student 
must now have an eligibility index score of 
2450 instead of 2425. 

Students who gain entrance by exam 
scores alone must have a core of 1300 on 
the SAT instead of 1100, or a composite 
core on the ACT of 31, up from 27. 

Applicants must also have a minimum 
of 1650 on three College Board Achieve-
ment Test , with a ore of at lea t 500 on 
each test. 

According to Califomia' Ma ter Plan 
for Higher Education,the UC and Califor-
nia State University systems must allow 
the top I 2.5 percent of eligible applicant to 
enroll. The number for the UC has tr.ldi-
tiona\ly been higher, usually around 14. 1 
percent. 

The comments, it eems, are also 
very imponant to the students. 

"[Many students] look at the bottom 
line, so whether the new CA.P.E. will 
be valuable or not remains to be seen," 
Bond said. 

"It's not going to be as good as it was 
before, but we hope the extra que tions 
will give a feel for what was said in the 
paragraphs," Carey said. 

Carey added that next year's C.A.P.E. 
budget has been approved and does not 
include allowance for the paragraph 
editors. 

According to Carey, paragraph edi-
tors may return in two years. 

11le CA.P.E. staff plans to write an 
explanation for the fonnat changes in 
the front of the book. 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 

NEWS 3 

All Campus Party - Volfeybalf, 
music, food, fun, and lots of 
students made the Sun God 
Festival a day to remember. 
Several student organizations set 
up booths ranging from "Egg a 
Frat Boy" to tie-dyeing to dunk-a-
priest. KSDT provided music for 
the event. Daytime events were 
followed by an evening concert, 
including The Beat Farmers and 
The Untouchables, at the Price 
Center. 

PI BETA PHI Sponsors ... 
Factory Outlet 

Brought to 
you by 

APPAREL 
DESIGNER 
Z 0 N E 

I.U.M. EQUIPMENT 

& MORE! 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
50% to 90% BELOW RETAIL 

EXCLUSIVELY FOR 

Price 
Ballro 

Free admission 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
EdilOrial Board 

PHtL GRUEN. Edilor in Chief 
ROBtN MACLEAN. Mannging Edilor 
JASON SNELL. News Edilor 

Tilt' UCSD GJwf.lw/l.\ puNI-.halI .... K.'1!: II .... Cd.~llhc UnIVCf"'\II)'ofC.II!J(orm:.l, Sail 014."," Comr:nu. 
Cl IY'J1 VIC"'~CAP«:~ hcn=11I rtprt'oC,ulhc Il .... ,iOrilyvotcO(lhc:cdllori .. 1 boIIrd.and Me 1lOC0<'«~n11 
lho-< or.he: uc ~ Qr Rcj;t"t\. II\( AS CSO. n(M" lhe (nure G/fdrJJIUt ~ ... «. 

THE UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD 

Remembering Student Interests 
When former A.S. Vice President External Molly McKay 

wa ' elected as thechairofthe University Center Board (U B) a 
week ago. it marked the first time that the po 'ition has nor been 
selec ted by a campus-wide vote. In the past. the U B chair was 
elected during A.S. elections in the pring. But because those 
elec tion do not include graduate students - who al so pay the 
University Center Fee - the eleclion system for the chair was 
changed. The UCB approved McKay with a 5-2 vOle. 

Thi sy tern mu~ t be reversed. The UCB is allotted an annual 
budget of$3.3 million dollars. far more than what the Associated 
Studel1f is given. Student funds arc used to supplement both of 
these budget.. so shouldn't it follow that students vote for the 
student leader ele ted to handle all this money? Of course it 
should. 

Everyone - including both McKay and Paul Eykamp, 
McKay' opponent for the position - agree. that having UCB 
members elect the chair is a bad idea. 111e biggest problem with 
the way McKay was electerl is Ihat she was nOl encouraged to 
present her view ' to the U 'SD public. 

For example, McKay said that one of the ideas he would like 
to implement involves pIa ing student businesse in the Price 

enter when Ihe leases held by the current food ervers expire. 
To McKay.thi may seem to fall under the category of" upport· 
ing student interests." After all, she could be replacing the 
corporate face of Wendy 's with the student face of the Food Co-
op. or the he Cafe, or some new studel1f food organization. 

Not thaI this is a terrible idea - it i n't wrong for McKay to 
want 10 give a student organization the prominence Ihat the Price 
Center food court brings. But perhap tudent prefer the current 
vendors. Somebody who will be making these kind of decisions 
should be somebody the students know and trust, not some 
appointed member of un esoteric committee. 

It isentircly po sible that McKay would havebeensusceptible 
to campus backlash had she proposed her student-run food idea 
in a campus-wide election. Perhaps. ensing this. McKay would 
have not suggested such a thing while he wa running. 

But the UCB chair didn't have to be elecled by the general 
studenl population. and doesn' l necessarily have to feel respon-
sible to the student body as a whole. 

This isn't to say that McKay will do a bad job in her new 
po ·ition. or that Eykamp would have done belter. The fact is, the 
UCB chair is currently not accountable to the geneml UCSD 
population. 

We can only hope that the victor, McKay. will consider the 
interests of all students - and all the form that "student inter-
e ·ts" take - both when deciding the future of the Price and 
Student Centers. (md ~ hen spending the UCB's $3.3 million 
budget. While McKay wasn' t elected by the student body as a 
\ hole. the decisions she makes could affect all of u·. 

ISIS & T-REG 

Please Hold ... Please Hold ... 
The introduction of I IS - UCSD's Integrated Student 

InfOlmation System - has apparently been a godsend for some 
~Iude nt s this year. conveniently combining regi tration. finan· 
cial aid. and housing onto one foml. Or has it? 

[ I did n t want to t p with the form - il also decided to 
lake U D's Telephone Registration Sy tem (T-Reg) under its 
wing in an attempl to improve the process. 

While T-Reg is now more acce sible (~tudents have been 
gelling through with more regularity) and a number of other 
amenities have been added. many students have reponed taking 
an entire hour out of their day in order to register for their Fall 
classes. 

Ln tead of making plans for lunch or pending time in Ihe 
libmry as originally planned. tudents are now compel\eu to 
pend 45 minute Ii tening to a computer-automated voice 

which responds 30-40 second after a command and has been 
known to hang up at any time. 

Put imply. ISIS i on it way, but the process must be 
quickened before student cry for the old system. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 20, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Freedom: The Real Victim of the War on Drugs 
There's one smoking a joint 
And another with spors 
If I had my way 
r d have all of you shot 

- Roger Waters, "In the Aesh" 

Casual marijuana users should be shot 
- L.A.P.D. Chief Daryl Gates 

Stuart Reges hasn't faced the 
firing squad yet, but he has been 
fired. 

the Soviets as proof that Orwell's predictions were 
either coming true or doomed to ignominious 
failure. 

The problem is, all these geeks were looking in 
the wrong place. It wasn't socialism that did in the 
Great Democracies, it was a social issue: drug use. 

Already, children- indoctrinated by the White 
House's benevolent "Just Say No" brainwashing 

~_., - are sending their "junkie" 

That's Stuart Reges, former 
Stanford professor. who won the 
prestigious Dinkelspiel Award 
"for outstanding service to under-
graduate education" five years ago. 
Obviously a shoddy excuse for an 
educator and a menace to sociery, 

..... _-_ ....... 

parents to prison for being trai- . 
tors in the Great Drug War. 
And our so-called "free" press 
continuously cowers under the 
mighry fist ofthe DEA, brave-
ly drooling out daring editori-
als lashing out at the dangers of 
drug use. 

AMATEUR TERRORIST . ~ =: : -I.':', Every day, the DEA comes 
Reges was booted out of Stanford for admitting to 
buying alcohol for minors and for stating that he 
brought drugs on campus in his backpack. Well, 
prai e the Lord, society has been rid of this de pica-
ble monster. 

Of course, if Daryl Gates, that pillar of moraJity, 
had his way, Reges would have been chained to a 
fence and disemboweled on national TV, not al all an 
unreasonable punishment, when you consider that 
intelligent, successful "casual" drug users like Reges 
are living proof that you can ingest these horrible 
chemical without becoming a brain-dead, sewer-
dwelling zombie. This, of course, completely de-
troys every fe tering lie George Bush and the Coa-

lition for a Drug-Free America have been Irying to 
brainwash us with ince their War on Drugs began. 

This is a War on Drugs. and the druggie are 
finally starting to fight back. 

[t 's a doomed fight, of course, but one that has to 
be made. Funny thal in this o-called "Decade of 
To\emnce," George Bush's "Zero Tolerance" policy 
has the full-fl edged suppon of practically every 
American. 

Well, not that funny ... and not that surprising. 
Betwee.n the politically-correct thought police on the 
left and the rabid racist and Bible-thumpers on the 
right, the American mind is being squeezed tighter 
than a rookie pitcher's strike zone. Polilical dogma-
tism is a comforting security blanket, because once 
you've decided on a point of view, you no longer 
need to think. Americans loday are pretty damn sure 
they're right about everything, and they sure as hell 
don ' t need any open-minded consciousness expand-
ers walking around, showing everyone else jusl how 
fucked up their bigoted "thinking" really is. 

Orwell was wrong. Ever since he wrote 1984, 
every half-brained pseudo-intellectual political sci-
encehack has trumpeted every success and failureof 

up with anew excuse for break-
ing into suspected drug users' homes, throwing 
them injail, and pocketing their possessions. With 
each arrest, they get bolder. Just this year, they 
stormed into the office of High Times magazine 
and seized their mailing lists and records of people 
who had responded to the magazine's advertise-
ments. 

George Bush, our valiant leader who called for 
Saddam Hussein's head when Iraq merely tortured 
captive allied soldiers in the Persian Gulf War, 
fought for and won the right to execure P.O. W.s of 
the War on Drugs. And these are his own people. 

But I keep forgetting - drug users are crimi-
nals. Yes sir, hardened felons who each day threat-
en the well-being of every red-blooded citizen of 
this noble country and rupture the very fabric of 
our great society. Of course, technically, people 
who speed on the freeways are criminals too. And 
they do present a hazard to pedestrian ' and other 
motorists. So where's the Waron Speeding? Why 
don ' t we see Bush fighting for the death penalry for 
high-speed kingpins and fuzz-buster manufactur-
ers? True. our good friend Daryl Gates does rec-
ommend that these people be dragged from their 
car and beaten within an inch of their live. But 
not hot... hey, it's not like they're drug users. 

But Stuart Reges, today, despite his award-
winning on-the-job performance, sits unemployed 
in Palo Alto. 

Yes, he did dare "drug czar" Bob Martinez to 
take action in a leiter, which read, in part, "In brief 
I disagree with the government's anti -drug cam-
paign and I am doing everything I can to make 
fools of you .•.. I do not fear any of you." 

This man has . balls the size of the Goodyear 
Blimp. 

I would gladly pay my entire annual salary to 
See PITMAN, Page 7 

Monday, May 20, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

The 90s' Version of the Salem Witch Trials 
Early Wednesday morning. two mem-

bers of the Young Americans for Freedom 
(YAF) po ted 250 flyers around campu 
which stated, ' 'The Question i : Are Quotas 
Right Or Wrong?" But they made the mi -
take of getting too clo e to the Women 's 
Resource Center (WRC) - as they finished 
posting the fl)'ers, a woman came out of the 
WRC and proceeded to tear them down. 
According to Y AF Chairman Gary Geiler, 
her reason was that "the flyers did not have 
an A.S. stamp." Nice try . 

What is most ironic is that during the 
Persian Gulf War, the WRC had in it win-
dow a handwritten message decrying any 
ci tizens who did not que tion the actions of 
their government. It seems as though there 
are only some questions that should be asked. 

. Others. such as those which might go against 
its political agenda, will be greeted with 
censorship, cries of racism and sexism, or 
cheaply augmented with storie of rape. Big 
Brother - or should one say Big Person-
has arrived at UCSD. 

At campuses throughout the United States 
the wave of thought control called Political 
Correctne s (PC) is drowning out all oppo-
sition. Like a child who has had his candy 
taken away , the self-appointed soldiers of 
PC are screaming oppression whenever they 
see a threat to their agenda. A Yale Dean 
Donald Kagen recall s, " I was a student dur-
ing the days of Joseph McCarthy. and there 
is Ie freedom now then there wa then." 

Tragically, the pressure is raining down 
from both the student and the universi ties. 
Many universities are becoming nothing 
more than indoctrination camps wi th speech 
codes, forced revisionist history classes, and 
subtle acquiescence to racially motivated 
uproars. 

According to Campus new paper, stu-
dent at Bowdoin College blocked off the 
library and admini tration building in an 
anempt to coerce the university into estab-
lishing two commillees - one for the for-
mation of a program in gay and lesbian 
studies, and another de igned to increase the 
number of minority faculty members. At 
Vassar College Ihesame action was taken in 
the hopes of achieving a black tudent cen-
ter. Currently, almost all demands are being 
met and nodisciplinary action is being taken. 
From Yale to Berkeley, scholarship has taken 
a back seat to the tyranny of the sensitivity 
mafia, all at the expense of individual lib-
eny. 

Yet the most troubling aspect of this 
movement are its techniques. Borrowing 
from such great episodes in hi story as Ihe 
Salem Witch Trial s, the McCarthy era, and 
the rise of the Third Reich, guardians of PC 
are quickly persecuting all who dare tovoi e 
dissent. 

Professor Stephen Them trom of Harvard 
Universily wa harassed by student activists 
for being a racist and bigot, and was inves-
tigated by the university 's Committee on 
Race Relations. His crime? Reading in his 
class from the journal of southern slave 

® 

WE'RE READY FOR LUNCH 
WHENEVER YOU ARE. 

---------
---------. $100 OFF $ 4 ~;. : 

I ANY MEDIUM : LUNCH SPECIAL: 
I TWO TOPPING PIZZA OnemediumORlGINALcheesepizzawilhone 
I GetSI.OOOFF any MEDIUM pizza with 20r '!'Ort toppings I topp!~g of your ~hoice (or ONLY$4.99, ptus tax. I 
I of your choice. Coupon Il"luiied. Please menllOn coupon I AddltiOnat topplOgs onty 51.00 each. Good (rom 11 I WMn ordering. One coupo-"J'fr pizz.1. Offer good on I am·3 pm only. Offer good on Delivery and Carryout.1 I DeUvery and unyoul JUST ASf(! bpi ... 6/5/91 . JUST ASK! Umiltd time orr". 
I ::~~~:.:. Call Usl I ::~ ... .::~... CIII Usl I 
I ~~ 452-UCSD IIfI I ~*:'..:::. 452-UCSD III I 

G 31ft ......., CL 151ft I utt ......., CL !5IfJ I 
1 ______ ----------------------

owner in an effort to show the southern 
slave owner mentality, and defining affir-
mative action as "preferentialtreatment" for 
minorities. The class i no longer offered, 
leading him to conclude that "some ques-
tion are s imply not teachable any more, at 
leas t not in an honest, critical way," 

Even at UCSD.thePCtroops have sprung 
to life. The recent anti-Guardiall"sensitiv-
ity rally" was nothing less than a ploy to cast 
di dain on a student newspaper which did 
not ardently upport their political agenda. 
Indeed. Student Affirmative Action Chair-
man Vanness Harris wrotethat"lftheGuard-
iall was ever destroyed. credibility could be 
given to a real newspaper .... .. The cries of 
racism know no bound. as shown by Brian 
Slack ' recent remark that the leaflets que,s-
tioning quotas over qualities were "racist" 
merely because he believed they were writ-
ten by people wi th a different bias than 
him elf. 

The feminists have also taken a slice of 
the PC pie. Their stilling techniques are 
rather hal' h. as they often seem to tie the 
issue of rape into their politica l agend:i. This 
i a rather el f-defeating tactic in that it 
desensiti zes people toward rape in much the 
same manner as shouting 'rac ist' l e~ensi­
tizes people IOwards racism. As wi th the boy 
who cried wolf, when real issues concerni ng 
racism or rape occur. people are too tired of 
hearing the 'ame rhe toric and thus pay it no 
mind. 

For instance. when a student at the Uni-
versity of WashinglOn asked for proof to 
back up a tatement that lesbians make the 
best parents. a lecturer responded by ask ing, 
"Why are you challenging me?" At the next 
class meeting, the student was barred from 

See BERMAN, Page 7 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

McKay's Letter Only 
Strengthens Berman 
Editor: 

Molly McKay failed to respond to the 
main issue raised by Zachary Berman in his 
article exploring the advisability of giving 
$87,000 yearly to the Women 's Resource 
Center for rape coun eling. 

When money is to be doled out by the 
university, it is within an edi torialist's right 10 
raise considerat ions about the attitudes that 
prevail in the recipient organization. Instead 
of alleviating our fears Ihat nlchary Bennan 
is right in chara teri zing the Women's Re-
source C Iller a "oppressive and draconian" 
wi th regrard to its altitudes toward men. 
M Kay's polemics have the opposi te effect. 
McKay'sappeal toherownaulhori tyasa rape 
victim in attacking Bennan 's views reveab 
her altitude that on ly rape victims can ~h ut up 
and watch the money get handed oul. Because 
McKay is closely associated with the WRC, 
what is to keep the UCSD community from 
making the genemlization that her opinion is 
that of the entire organization? 

I have never under~tood how anyone cun 
~eriously believe that defaming a per..on·& 
character can weaken his or her arguments. 
Bemlan's main criticism c l1finue~ 10 ~tand , 
ironically strengthened by McKuy's oppre~­
sive altitude IOward free speech. 

Timothy Haeg 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 

'''lWV' I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai . 
Mitsublshi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 ~reg.$55) 
I. Spark pll.<JS Our rune up lfICIucJes a klt more than olflers. 1/ ",eludes: 
2. DlSlnbo\or points 6. Clean & replenish all fluid & oil levels 10. Check undercalliage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11. Check cooling syslem & hoses 
4. Adjust tlflllng 8. Check ClUlch 12. Road lesl 
5. Adjust dwell angle 9. Check IIghls 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
1. CompressIon lesl EX/fa for fuel-iniected. Our maier rune up Inciudes: (reg. $150) 
2. Valve adjuslmer.: 11. Adjuslllmlng 21. Check & replenish ail 28. Check and recharge· 

Replace' 12. Adjust dwell angle flUid and oil levels banery.11 necessary 
3. Valve covergaskel 13. AdjUst carburelor 22. Check elelncal syslem 29. Rolale Illes (IJ needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. AdIUst steeling box 23. Check lor loose or Iosl 30. Check lire pressure 
5. DISlnbulor POtOlS 15. AdJus arr & lueI rallO mix bolls 31. lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 16. AdJuSI Clutcl1 24 Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. AIr frller. 17. AdJusl brakes 25. Check clUlc!1 33. Check cooling syslem & 
8.011 frher. 18. AdjuSI emergency brakes 26 Check IIghlS hoses 
9 Gas frller. and 19 Check & adJusl exposed 27 Check underc;arnage lor 34. Checi< exhausl syslem 
10. Engine orl bellS damages 35. Road tesl 

20. lube Ironl end 

~e FO'6~Y~,~Uc;~Opi;t; CnI2~tW~8h'kj;bS $169 · 
We rep/ac, ; 

1. TransmiSSIOn input shalt seal (except 
Hondas 

2. Pressure plale 
3. Clulch disc 

4. Throwoul beanng 
5. P,IOI bearings 
6. New transmISsion Otl . 
7. Road lesl 

NOle: Hydrautic pans are nOI covered 
NOI lor 4WD. Fron! wheel dllve extra 

Brake Job Special $39 "(reg. $80) 
Front Of rear. Blake jOb rncirxfes; 

I. !nstall speoal new pads or Inslall rear brake Shoes 5 Bleed enhre brake sYSlem 
2. Drarn old brake fluid 6. AdJusllrool (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspecl complete hydraulIC syslem 7. Replace Ironl rolor seals ~I rOlor Iurn) 
4. Relill hydraulIC lIuid 8. Road lest 
Not • . Hydraulic parts ar. not inCluded 

Br.nd new INIrts. Ask IIbout our special rate. for erlClne overhauls. 
All our work has • 2-ye.r or 20,OOCHnIIe limited warr.my, 

All prices Include parts .... labor. 

o¥erse~~ (·mostcars) 
- ~ 8008 Miramar Rd. 81501990 

_DnotIve Rap*' 
• •••• 66. 

With this ad. Expires June 2. 1991 . 
\jail for app0lnlment. 

Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday. 7:30 am·S pm. Open Saturday 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 20, 1991 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

UCSD's Admission System Doesn't Use Quotas 
Editor: 

II was brought to my attention 
that the San Diego Young Ameri-
cans for Freedom have been circu-
lating and posting a number of 
flyers on campu . Coverage of 
these flyers was offered in the 
Monday. May 13 iss ue of the 
Guardian. One of the flyers reads : 
"Were you accepted to UCSD in 
orderlo fulfill itsquolas [with quo-
tas being . I a.~hed through and re-
placed with the term 'goals'l?" 

The implication in all of the .e 
flyers - with this choice of lan-
guage - is that t~e universilY ad-
mi ts individuals who do not meet 
admissions guidelines; or, that it 
admi ts indiv idual who are not U 
eligible at the expense of those 
who are, 

More importantly, however, I 
choose to respond to their question 
so a

L to set the record straight for 
those within the general campu 
community who might be mis-
guided by ~ uch shallow and misin-
formed thoughts. 

First of all, I sugge t that we 
familiarize our elves wit h the ter-
min logy u ed. Take th term 
'quota. ' In rhe RandOIl/ Hollse Col-
le,C:1' Dictionary - Revised Edi-
tion, 19 , the teml i aefined a 
"the hare or proportional part of a 
total whi h is required from, or is 
due or belongs to, a p.lrticulardis-
Irict, state, person, group, etc." 
Now. let 's take a look at "goal." 
The same publication offer "the 
result or achievement toward which 
effort is directed" as the definition 
of that term. 

Fact: The univer ity doe not 
- asamanerofpolicy- eta ide 
any "share or proportional part" of 
pace within the en tering c1as for 

anyone based solely on ethnicity 
errace. Those space which are set 
aside are done so ba ed on the 
following categories and at the fol -
lowing percen tage level : 60 per-
cent of the entering class paces 
are set aside to allow for Iho e 
students who meet certain aca-
demic cri teria, including SAT 
scores. high school GPA, and ful -
fillment of the A-F requirement : 
the other 40 percent take into ac-
countsupplemental criteria, includ-
ing ethnici ty. 

All ofthedi fferences mentioned 
earlie~ bring a richness to our cam-
pus community that benefits us all. 
No one' pre ence on th is campu 

reflect a compromise to the integ-
rity of the univer ity's admis ion 
tandards, nor does it negatively 

affect the quality of education any 
individual receive a a result of 
being in an environment where 
there are others who are different. 

I challenge all wou Id-bedetrac-
tors from this philosophy within 
the general campu community to 
expand your own vi ion of the 
status quo and to accept the pro "-
peet that you may learn omething 
from someone who i not like your-
elf and they may learn something 

from you . For indeed. as "you ng 
American " forfreedom." we houid 
embrace all of our nation' citi-
zens, notju tthose who are similar 
to ourselves. I am glad to say that 
UCSD's admissions policy sup-
ports wholeheartedly just this vi-

sion of America! 
I would encourage anyone -

till unclear as to the univer ity's 
admissions goal - todi cus them 
with me or the Registrar and Di-
rector of Admi sion , Ronald J. 
Bowker. Mr. Bowker can be 
reached at 534-3192. 

If you would like additional 
clarification about i sues of diver-
sity at UC D, please feel free to 
contact me at 534-6708. I shall be 
more than happy to help you! 

Anthony Jemison 
Director, Student Affirmative 

Action Programs As the general campuscommu-
nity might not be fully aware of 
certain basic information with re-
gard to the university's admissions 
process. I would feel ex tremely 
remis were I not to use thi oppor-
tunity to share some information 
on both its philo~ophy and its tan-
dards. The simple answer to the 
question raised by San Diego 
Young Americans for Freedom is: 

Fact: UCSDdoe establi sh goals 
towards which it aims to create a 
senseof balanceof students, repre-
senting thecultur ... 1 mixofthe popu-
lations it is charged to serve. It is 
the university'S philosophy that the 
educational experience of all stu-
dent is po -ilively augmented and 
broadened by virtue of learning in 
an environment in which there are 
others from differing socio-eco-
nomic, ethnic, c ultural. educa-
tional. religiou ,pol itical, and geo-
graphical backgrounds. Please 
note: It is on ly some of the e fac-
tors which weigh into the se lecti on 
fomlula for admission to the uni-
versi ty. 

UCSO's 'Sun God' is an Oppressive Figure 

No! No one is accepted to the Uni-
versi tyof alifornia, San Diego in 
order to fultill quotas . 

I answer this question not only 
for theiredi fication , although 1 am 
relatively cenainthat my commen-
tary will not aller their opinion on 
the veraci ty of such questions. 

Editor: 
I visi ted yourcampu as part ofa 

tour and was quite shocked by a 
panicularpieceofartworkdi played 
on campu . It is titled 'The Sun 
God." [don't koow if this has been 
pointed out to you, but it make a 
very sexist statement. The arch is 
representati veofa woman's vagina, 
the ivyon the one side is repre enta-
tive of pubic hair and these are both 
dominated by a male figure , i.e. the 
Sun God. This clearly expresses 
man ' domination over woman, 
whether intentional or not! 

The Sun God - Oppressive? 
I also read on a tl yer that the 

chool is holding a party at thi 

sexist landmark and topped it offby 
having Domino's Pizza sponsor it. 
In the name of women everywhere 
you hould make this issue known 
to your fellow students. 

I feel it is important for you to 
make your students aware of such 
subcon cious oppression. As a 
mother of a potential student , I feel 
it is necessary to remove these types 
of myths in our society. 

I hope you successfu lly educate 
the sex ists on your campu by hold-
ing a rally or something. 

Stephanie Bell 

At TORREFS 
I J UCSD Bookstore Computer ~enter 

C - Apple Computerrn & Claris COrp.TM 
CZ:~ 

-7) Present 

Mond 

COLLEGE 
IGH 5 

$ 25 DRAFTS & WELL DRINKS 
OJ & Dancing at 9 pm 

1

1::- -2-··-f-o-·r· -.,- -'1:1 JO~ the fun~ith Twi'er, 
bartball siootoffs and 

our tWo lit 
I cover on : pool tables! W ' 
I d ;~:i ;;J DON'T FORGET 
: Fri '!XtN~Jghts: ,', /,9 TOIUY'S IS THE 
1_ • _ • ___ • _ _ _ _ _ afi;.j ~ PLACE TO CATCH THE 

TORREY'S A San Diego Nightclub l~~ NI' & NHL PLAYOFFS! 
. loco ted in the Son Diego Morriott 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive La Jolla , CA 92037 (619) 587·1414 ext. 6220 

Color of Success 

Mac LC U40 
$1795* 

Mac II si 31W 
$2675 .... 

Mac II ci 
$4129" 

SPECIAL CONFIGURATION 
(5315 Value) 

• Claris MacWrite II 
• Claris MacDraw II 

• Claris Art Files - Clip art 
• Factory-Installed Software 

• Factory System. Set-up 
• and an Apple Sports Tote 

Quantities are limited! 
Hurry before they'~e all gone! 

REMEMBER! 

5180 

Mac Classic 
and StyleWriter 
I NOW IN STOCK! I 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -42D1 
OPEN: lION - FAt lAM - 15 PM AND SAl 10AM - 4 PM 

• Monitor noIlncluded In prI~ 
.. Monitor and Keyboard not Induded In price 

Monday, May 20, 1991 

PITMAN 
Continued from page 4 
have seen Martinez' face when he 
read that letter,just so I could mea-
sure the distance his eyeballs trav-
elled after hooting from their sock-
ets. 

Martinez must've been on the 
phone in seconds. sc reeching into 
Stanford president Donald Ken-
nedy 's earpiece, "Fire this bastard! 
String him up!" Martinezdid. after 
all. threaten tQrevoke every cent of 
Stanford 's federal funding unless 
Reges wa tos ed out on hi ass . 

Not surprisingly, lhis is exaclly 
what followed. which on ly goes to 
prove' once agai n that the ole pre-
requisite for a college president'S 
po ition is being a pineless as -
kisser who wou ld butcher his moth-
er and se ll her as hamburger if it 
meant gett ing more money for the 
chool - much like a real presi-

dent. 
So Stuart Reges is unemployed, 

kicked out of that pillarofacadem-
ic excellence and ethical integrity, 
Stanford University, which recent-
ly lost millions when the govern-
ment finally figured out the school 
had been buying yachts with fed-
eral re earch grant money and Ii t-
ing the purchases as "overhead." 

Stuart Reges was a great teach-
er - an award-winning teacher. 
Unfonunately for him, skill and 
merit have no place in our so-
ca lled "Education President 's" 
America. No, the only bastard 
worthy of brainwashing our chil-
dren are those who open their 
mouths wide to the party line and 
uck away. 

Maybe Orwell was right. 

BERMAN 
ContInued from page 5 
entering the lecture by campus 
police. 

At Boston College, Professor 
Mary Daly coldly refuses to recog-
nize any male who raises a hand in 
her class on "phallotechnocracy" 
and Star Wars. Harvard also has its 
own version of the thought police 
-campus feminists bring whistles 
to class and "blow the whistle" on 
any professor who uses non-politi-
cally correct word choice, such as 
"he" when referring to gender neu-
tral subjects. 

What is happening i nothing 
less than persecution . for the ex-
pression of opinions and ideas. 
People are being told what they 
can and cannot think. Moreover, 
certain thoughts or questions are 
becoming forever banned from the 
public arena, all in the hopes of 
achieving a series of political goals. 
It is devastating that at a univer-
ity. the hallmark of the free ex-

change of ideas, students and pro-
fessors are compelled not to dis-
cuss what they wish to discuss. Yet 
suppression of ideas which run 
counter to one's own is an age-old 
technique. After all , this is the most 
effective way to sweep aside op-
position and assure that one will 
attain a certain result 

Bu\ I have hope. People vehe-
mently oppose thought control. It 
is for this reason that George 
Orwell's book 1984 struck right at 
the heart of the fears which many 
people have. But in the end. we 
will come to realize that the be t 
test of worth is to be found in an 
idea's ability to become accepted 
from OUI of a ea of other ideas. 
This, at least, is the concept on 
which our ociety was founded, 
and hopefully it will be upon this 
foundation that it will stand. 

The UCSD Guardian 

YOUR OPINION MAlwI'ERS. 
T1Je UCSD GUlfrdinrl welcomes your letters and commen-

taries. Drop your letter ~t the Gllardian offices (on the second 
floor of the old Student Center, above the GeneraJ Store) o r 
mail it to: . 

Letters to the Editor 
GUlJrdiIJII 

B-016, UCSD 
La JolJa, CA 92093 

Letters must be typed, double-spaced , and should include a 
signature and a phone nwnber. Unsigned letters will not be 
printed. We reserve the right to edit for length and darity. 

READ THE 
GUARDIAN. 

CHINESE RESTAURANT 

Dinner Special $495 
MONDAYS. includes appetizer, soup, and 

special dish of the doy 
THURSDAYS. 10% OFFlwleh or 

dinner (including buffet) 
with UCSD m· We're still 

on top of 
the campus. 

'not including dinner special 

University City Shopping Center 
3310 Governor Dr. 

L------' 457 -3533 ~.......J 

The UCSD Summer Session first 
five-week session begins July 1 and 

second five-week session begins 
August S. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered. Catalogs are available now. 
For your free copy, drop by the 
Summer Session Office, UCSD 
Extension Complex, Building A, 
Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 
p.m. or pbone 534-4364. 

UCSD 
LJNtVI- I.'StTY C~F CAUFor.'NIA. SAN DIEGO 

UCsD NIGHT 
IS BACK! 

• lunch 
, Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21/W student 10 .L 

-.,.,p .... 

~YNIGHTS 
un.........", 

PlAYERS GlaD 
7·10 

ENTERTANMENT 
storts at 7:30 p.m. 
until 10:30 p.m. 

Sun.-Thun. 11 am-12 pm • fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

Moving boxes available. 

~,CkagjllDl S:G:ore,. 
Ttl ... , ... _H. ,.. "dl., "'" 

Open 9·5 , Monday thru Flldav 

OPINION 7 

1130 Wall 51. (/IOKtdocrt>IhoPostati:1l) 
La Jolla, CA 92037 .454-9680 



8 NEWS 

Czech 1,2,3 (12 quarter units) 
July 1-August30, ]991 (9 weeks) 

An intensive Czech language course providing students 
with the equivalent of a full year of Czech. Meets three hours a 
day: 1Y2 or 2 hours of lecture (grammar) and l -lYz hours of 
discussion and drill (oral practice). The course will require 
substantial daily preparation outside class (study, written assign-
ments, lab work). Prerequisite: none. 
MTuWfhF 9:00-12:00 noon 
Instructor: Steve Weissman, MA., Visiting Lecturer, UCLA 
(proficient in Czech and Russian) 

For further information call the Summer Session 
Office at 534-4364. 

UCSD 
UNIVH">SII Y C)~ CAl II C')I"~~IA SAt-J I ~II(C~(C) 

SELF-STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

5 TUDEI'IftIT 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (first four months) 

• PLUS 50% OFF first 
month's rent 

• PLUS FREE limited use of 
our truck for move-in 
(subject to availability) 

• All sizes available 

SPECIALS 

• Bank cards accepted 
• Secure gate access 
• TV monitoring 
• OPEN 7 a.m. 107 p.m., 

7 days a week 
• Close to UCSD 
• Reserve early & avoid 

lAST DAY RUSH! 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCB 
Continued from page 1 
the GSA that he was being pulled 
from the board, and had no knowl-
edge of the decision until noon on 
May 13, when he reported hearing 
"some rumors of backroom poli-
tics." 

Fremont confinned that he did 
not notify Eykamp, aying, "I 
Jhought he would find out from 
(Longj. It was a maller of not run-
ning into (Eykampj." 

Later, Fremont wrote a leller of 
apology to Eykamp. " I felt that , 
owed him more re pect than , 
showed him," he explained. 

Fremont said Ihal the four-mem-
ber e ecutive counci l of the GSA 
had jointly decided to pull Eykamp 
from the UCB position. The deci -
ion, called a "consensus" by Fre-

mont, wa not made in ajoim meet-
ing, bUI in individual conversations 
with the three other executives. 

Fremol1l cited the fact that Ey-
kamp was running for UCB chair 
and his ability to vote fonhechaira 
a conflict of interest and the reason 
for hi ' removal. He added that there 
were other reasons for Eykamp' 
removal, but refused to elaborate. 

Douglas Willen, fonner G A 
vice pre ident internal, aid the de-
cision was fueled by "concems that 
had been expressed all year. While 
[Eykampj would do what the GSA 
wanted, he wasn't consistently rep-
resentinggr.tduatestudent all year." 

Willen al 0 noted that, in accor-
dance with the UCB charter, repre-
entatives 10 the UCB Ii r the up-

coming year should have been ap-
pointed by the fifth week of this 
quarter. 

"'Eykamp] was supposed to have 
been repla edanyway," Wiliensaid, 
explaining that the GSA had failed 
to make its appointment. 

While Long acknowledged that 
it is within the rights of the GSA 
president to remove his representa-
tive, he criticized Fremont for this 
action, both for waiting until the day 
of the election to announce it, and 
for limiting Eykanlp 's ability to par-
ticipate as vice chair. 

'" know that (Fremont) had done 
that kind of thing before," Long 
said. "He'sbackstabbed ... he'sdou-
bletalked, he's put words in other 
people's mouths. It 's appalling what 
he's done:' 

Eykamp noted that Fremont's 
action reflects "a pattern of his ac-

Guardian Fi~ Photo 
Paul Eykamp 
tivity," saying that on two or three 
previous occasions, Fremont had 
removed him from his position as 
GSA representative to the A.S. 20 
or 30 minutes before the meeting 
began. 

At the UCB chairelectioll, A.S. 
Presidelll Augustin Orozco also re-
moved Mordecai Pota h, the A.S. 
representative to the VCB. 

Although ome que tiolled 
Orozco's motive, Orozco explained 
that he and Potash had earl ier agreed 
that Potash would participate in the 
question-and-answer se. sion, and 
Orozco would ca tthe vote. 

Orozco aid that because of POt-
ash's two years of experience, he 
would be more qualified to ask the 
candidates question s, but thaI 
Orozco wanted to decide who wou Id 
represent the A.S. next year. 

Becau eonlyonerepresentative 
i allowed to sit on the board and 
parts of the meeting were held ill a 
closed ession, Orozco also had to 
take Potash's po ition for the inter-
view. 

While rnembersoftheVCBdi -
cussed the two candidates behind 
cJoseddoors on Monday night, Long 
said that Fremont de cIibed Ey-
kamp as "not dedicated," and "a 
terriblerepresentativefortheGSA." 

"ldon' t know how hecouldcome 
up with that," Long said. "(Ey-
kampj voted the party line the way 
he was supposed to. [Fremont] had 
it in for him ... they don't have the 
same v iew on a lot of i sues. He had 
a chance to crew him over and he 
took it," Long said. 

But Fremont disagreed with 
Long's perception of his motives, 

"I don ' t feel that way," Fremont 
said. '" never said he was a bad 
representative. I did say there'were 
certain members of the GSA that 
had problems with him, but that 
there is no question he is commined 
and always voted the way the GSA 
wanted him to." 

Fremont added that he felt he 

~onday,~ay20,1991 

was equally cri tical of both McKay 
and Eykamp. 

Erik Swanholt, the Warren Col-
lege UCB repre entative, tilled in 
Eykamp's position as vice chair. 
Swanholt said he agreed with Long. 
reporting that Fremont was "b<1d-
mouthing" Eykarnp and aid th.1t he 
was "really hard to work with." 

"There was a ton of dirty poli-
tics. The whole thing was just really 
underhanded," Swanholt aid. 

He added that after Fremont 's 
"timding," Eykamp had voted ac-
cording to the GSA's wishes. 

Tere a Hayes,the Student Affir-
mative Action Committee (SAAC) 
representative to the UCB, said she 
felt that Fremont 's comments were 
not damaging. 

"He did say that," Haye ex-
plained, "but there were also plellly 
of good things aid about [Ey-
kamp). , don't think they had any-
thingtodo with him not being elect-
ed." 

Eykamp tried to explain how he 
fu nctioned as GSA representative 
to the UCB. 

"Whenever a particular ubject 
came up of inrerest (0 the GSA. I 
wenr to the GSA and got in truc-
tions and followed them," Eykamp 
said. "'f none were given, ' guessed. 
A few times J gue sed wrong. Cer-
tainly the fact that [he didn 't sup-
POlt me) and in fa t attacked me 
was not mandated by the GSA." 

A theUCBconductedarolicall 
vote, Fremont opted to pass on his 
tum, then finally ab tained. Swan-
holt uggestedthat"Fremonrpassed 
on his vote until [McKay] got 
enough to win, then he abstained." 

When questioned, Fremont said 
he abstained because he "couldn't 
make a decision between thecandi-
date ," 

Long noted that this year's elec-
lion marks the first in which the 
chair was elected by the board in-
stead of through an undergraduate 
vote. 

The system was changed in 
March to allow graduate students to 
run for UCB chair. 

Long accused Fremont of not 
showing interest in graduate stu-
dent pankipation by abstaining. 

"I will recommend to [Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-
fairs) Dr. Watson, seeing that the 
graduate students showed no inter-
est in their candidate, that we give 
the undergraduates the vote back," 
he said. 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 HoIUIa a. (i Dofflbto' PI%% r) 4c29949 
M F 8 306 p m h !i 20 'II 
Sat 14 p m ..-..Ith UCSO 10 

FEATURES 
Monday, May 20, 1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

~ 
UCSD student Janet Hwa learns 
Pamdamus mat weaving from 
Tongan Zani Havea. Teachingsd 
A family gathers for a funeral in 
Nuku Alofa. UCSD students 
learned that women perform the 
main duties at the Tongan 
ceremonies. , 

• Visual Arts students conduct field research on 
the art and ceremonies of Polynesian societies 
By Sangeeta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

Sarah Kremer began her last major re-search project just like any other - at he library. 
"I was studying the status of women 

in Tonga," explained Kremer, a studio art 
major. '" wanted to know why they are re-
spected there... and the ways they are re-
pected." 

The I 0... articles Kremer found gave her 
paper the foundation she needed. But unlike 
most undergraduate research papers, her work 
did not end at the library. 

Accompanied by Visual Arts 
( VA) Professor lehanne 
Teilhet-Fi k, Kremer, 
along with II other 
UCSD students, trav-
eled to Tonga last 
quarter as pan of a 
grass-roots research pro-
gram, The students spent a total of 
three weeks in Tonga, and some stopped at 
other Polynesian islands for additional re-
search. 

"For undergraduate education, it's a very 
unique opportunity .... It's challenging to see 
for yourself, rather than read about, a culture 
so different from ours," Teilhet-Fisk said. 

Since 1972, Teilhet-Fisk has been traveling 
to Tonga where she primarily studies funerals. 
A decade later, students began accompanying 
her on the trips she takes every two to three 
years. 

Thi year marked the first time that the trip 
took place during the academic year. 

"This is also the first time that the group 
was composed entirely of art hi torians and 
arti ts. U ually, students in anthropology, so-
ciology, political science, and women' s stud-
ies [participate}," Teilhet-Fisk said, empha-
izing the diversi ty of students interested in the 

program. 

ago. 

Students will receiveaca-
demiccreditequivalent 

to two clas es by 
writing a 10-
page paper. 
According to 
Kremer, stu-

dents actually be-
gan their research months 

"We were studying before we left so that 
we would know what to look for .... We started 
meeting last fall [when Teilhet-Fisk) talked to 
us about what were good ideas to study," she 
said. 

See TONGA, Page 10 

• A Tongan woman dresses for her wedding by 
wrapping farge pieces of tapa and mats around 
her body. Tapa is made from beaten strips of bark. 
tak.en from the mulberry tree. 

~ 
Traditional barkcfoth designs are frescoed onto the 
steps of a Tongan house. 



10 FEATURES 

TONGA 
Continued from page 9 

Many [udents chose [0 con-
centrale on a pect of Tongan an. 
SomeslUdiedlopa , bealen [rip of 
bark from which weavings are 
made. Ano[her panicipant studied 
lashings. weaving of twine over 
poles. MOl/on/oI/O, a quilt fonn, 
and decoralivc kupesi board were 
also re earched. Slill olherstudents 
chose 10 focus on rituals. such as 
wedding , funerals, and /.:ol'a (u 
mild hallucinogen) ceremonies. 

"Tonga became their campu ; 
many of my Tongan friends be-
came Iheir professors," said 
Teilhet-Fisk. emphasizing Ihat her 
role was to ubmerge Ihe sluden ts 
in Tongan culture rather Ihun t 
lecture. 

" I was only Ihere as a bridge. I 
don'l really leach there. I let them 
learn by their mistakes .. .. I became 
as invisible as po ·s ible." she ex-
plained. 

For Kremer. studying rilual s 
proved her premise thai women 
are well -respecled in Tonga. 

" I went 10 quite a few 
funerals .. .. The women were in 
charge und knew what dUlies Ihey 
had to perform." he aid. 

Kremer ciled another example 
of Ihe slatus of Tongan women. 

"In tht: first harvest called 'fir t 
fruit~"lhe [elde t] brotherwill give 
his siSler fruils as (a sign of] re-
SpeCI.' · she aid. "In exchange. he 
muSI do omething. The women 
havea lot of privileges. but have to 
give back." 

"Women have political [and] 
economi power .. . they have ab-

Slract honors." Teilhel-Fisk added. 
Hilary Scothorn, an art history 

major, wa interesled in finding 
oUI why quilt-making hasn't been 
accepted in the Tongan gift ex-
change. 

" In Tonga. there's a circulation 
of art ... 10 give at funeral, wed-
dings - any Iife-cri is oc asion." 
she said. "Quilt-making is being 
ignored [in the Tongan gift ex-
change). I'm looking at why. It·s 
popular in eastern Polyne ian 0-
cieties, like Tahiti, the Cook I -
lands, and Hawai i." 

Scothorn went about her re-
. earch by "going through the 
churches [and] driving around ... 
I'd see quilt hanging on c lothes-
line, 0 I'd stop and a k people 
ab ullhem. I'd ay. 'I'm a ~tudent. 
Can you tell me aboulthi quilt?'" 

Scot horn described Tongans as 
"very friendly pe pIe" who were 
"tl:lIIered" by studenls ' inlerests in 
their work. ommunication was 
not a problem, for many of the 
Tongans spoke English. 

"Tonga i a small community," 
Teilhel -Fisk explained. ''They re-
speci education." 

othorn aid that because of 
tapa production, quilt-making is 
not a pan of the Tongan girl ex-
change. he added that econ mic 
reasons are a cOnlribut ing factor. 

" Women don'l have extra 
money to go out and buy materials 
and supplies. [ The) prices are far 
beyond the mean of most people," 
Scothorn said. 

Although quilt-making is nOI a 
principle form of Tongan art, the 
culture has numerou other an 
fonns . 

The UCSD Guardian 

"Tonga is the only Polynesian 
i land that hasn ' tcome under colo-
nizution. It ' a king hip. Because 
there is no government rul ing. a lot 
of the native an fonn and tradi-
tions have remained," Scothorn 
explained. 

"No government demanded that 
they give up ce rtain beliefs," 
Teilhel-Fisk said, "[or] made the 

• ci tizens feel inferior .. .. They have 
al ways had pride in their heritage." 

Scothorn's econdary research 
in Somoa, another Polynesian is-
land, demonstrated the influence 

" Tonga is the only 
Polynesian island 
that hasn 't come 

under colonization. 
It's a kingship. Be-
cause there is no 

government ruling , a 
lot of the native art 

forms and traditions 
have remained. 

" HILARY SCOTHORN 
art history major 

of colonization. 
"Art area totally different thing 

in Somoa," she said. "Story-tell-
ing, tattooing - both have suf-
fered evere setback because of 
western cOnlac!. And that hasn ' t 
been the case in Tonga." 

According to Teilhet-Fisk, it 

was partly the sludent • hou ing 
arrangement that gave them ac-
ces to the Tongan culture. The 
studenls did not tay in a hotel and 
were never thought of as tourists. 

"They lived wi th a family I've 
known for years who treat my stu-
dent as my extended family," he 
said. "A number of [my friend' ] 
children were the same age as the 
tudent ." 

Kremer added that the students 
learned from each other, as many 
did their re earch together. In ad-
dition, they met several times aday 
to share their findings. 

;'Each studentbring backadif-
ferent piece of information," 
Teilhet-Fisk said. 

Scot horn plans to submit the 
paper she is now writing, which 
de cribes how art is a part of Ihe 
Tongan culture and how it's being 
u ed, for her graduate hool ap-
plication. She explained thai her 
experience may be an a set in 
graduate studie . 

" I [was] given a chance to be 
able to develop kill you develop 
in graduate school. .. [Field work) 
is not likereadinga history book .... 
You have to find out [information) 
by yourself. No one te ll s you di-
rectly what's right and what' 
wrong," she said. 

Currently, Scothom and other 
selected students are concentrat-
ing on presenting their research to 
UCSD at the Undergraduate Re-
search Symposium. 

Chancellor's grants of $500 
were given to al l but one student in 
the Tonga program. The majority 
of participants a lso received money 
from their indi vidual colleges, and 

Monday, May 20,1991 

S.rahKremer 
A Tongan woman demon-
strates traditional pandanus mat 
weaving. 
some were given supplementary 
funding uch as .S. Grants. 

To meeteligibil ty requiremenls. 
students needed to have taken one 
cia s with Teilhet-Fisk, have a 3.2 
GPA, and have ophomore tatu . 
Graduating seniors could not par-
ticipate, since they had to return to 
UCSD to complete their research. 

Teilhet-Fisk emphasized that 
students travel to Tonga to study 
not only all , but 81 0 to study such 
disciplines as biology. 

"People from Johns Hopkin 
go there. Pre-med work with the 
healers. There's a lot that can be 
learned [from thi s] culture ," she 
said. 

"!t·s a culture with people who 
are brown, where whites are the 
minority .... On Sunday, the buses 
don't run , there's no taxis, [and) 
everyone goes to church. The king 
i beloved," she said. "If nothing 
else, [the opportunity to study in 
Tonga) at least teaches you to open 
your eyes to a culture outside eth-
nocentric America." 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Frr!e COl/SUlfa/roil alia 11111101 frr!almelll 15111111 . 120 mille. First·llme cl/el/ls ol/Iy.) ' 

If you're nearsighted or have astigma tism, then our Orthokeratology Myopia 
Reduction )'rogram might be perfect for you. Using the most modern 
contact lenses and vision training avai lable, we painlessly restore clearer, 
mo re functional vision to even high amounts of nearsightedness. If you're 
tired of being "blind", then maybe it's time to do somethine about it! call 
our office and we can di cuss your case wilhout obligation. Find o ut how 
much beller you could be eeing in just a few short months. 

Eyeblows 

upper Up 
Chon 

Underarms 

Breast 

Slomach 
BIkini l.Jne 

Fingers 

legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hatr Removal 

• American M ... di(al Association 
approved Inl!thods for prohlem 
~ases and se::nsi tive skin 

• Medical :lnd co metic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female starr, state lie. lechnicians 

558-0888 . 
FOR A FREE CONSULTATION CALL: .~~~· ~~~.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~w San DIego 292-1700" Chula Vista:'25.7010 Alexander's Electrolysis 

Dr. f)011idJ. Suder, ODt . 
, -',' . ;.;; .;;, .:. ~ 

p •••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

ueSD SPECIAL! 
As usual 

""CAMPClS 
I!'IIY'@" 

I9 rqIM POO! 
H_'" 

..... a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for 

serious pizza eaters ... " 
Jack White, Channel 10 

restaurant critic 

• I 
I 
I 
I 
I M-Th lIom·Mid. f-)CJI. 1I_·1am 

SufL II :3Oom.Mic/ Tired of the ame 01 ' cardboart! pizza? I 

LaJoIlA Village ProfessiOll4l Geftler Bebilld Elepbol/I Bar 
8950 Villa La}oUa Dr. S/e. 2 121 

COLLEGE: 

Hair Coloring a 
Perms From 

CHULA VISTA: 
283 Third Ave 
425-CUTS 

'Expires 6/20/91 

Call EJI f or gourmet quality. • 
• I I :$I!~~!T$2!Y~"~:! 

6686 Et Cajon Blvd 
463-5052 

OCEAN BEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave 
222-3777 
HIUCREST: 

• I 1'l''ll.ICprusqm COt/POll u l)('1/ orJctfll1l I Please prt!Sf!1lr CUUpoll U'hen oru<7'I11l/. I II 
I L _ ~J" P:lzzerla, LaJo~ __ 1 ___ BJ's Pizzeria, LaJQIJa __ ~ 
• I 
= 8873Vllla La Jolla Dr_ l a}olla 1'1I1t4ge(;(!llIer 455·0662 i 
• CSD'- oriRllral l'lzzlilia rs still tbe /Jest.! bp/rt~ (yJ/9/ I 
••••••••••••• • •••••••••••••••••• 

PACIFIC BEACH: 
t 447 Garne t Ave 
273-CUTS 

409 UniverSi ty Ave 
291-CUTS 

Monday, May 20,1991 

SPORTS NOTES 
----

\ QLI::i, I lOt' \1 JCSI) SPORTI\G FVE"FS 

Morse Eliminated in 
Quarterfinals of 
Singles Toumament 

UCSD number one singles 
player Chad Morse advanced 
to thequunerfinal oftheNCM 
Divi sion HI men's tennis 
Singles Championship before 
being eliminated by Clare-
mont ' Lance Au 6-2, 6-4 in 
Claremont. 

Three Tritons received AII-
American honors at the tourna-
ment. Morse and Chris Belloll 
were honored in singles com-
petition. w hile Belloli and 
doubles partner Jeff Bethard 
were honored in doubles. 

In the first round of the 
single championship. Morse, 
eeded ixth,defeatedGustavus 

Adolphu . Scott Colby 6-1 , 6-
3. Teammate John Cross beat 
Wooster' Anthony Fernandez 
6-4. 1-6.6-3. 

Belloli, UCSD's numbertwo 
ingles player, was eliminated 

by Swathmore's Lee Tucker 6-
4.7-6. 

In the second round, how-
ever, Cross was eliminated by 
Gustavus Adolphu s ' Ryan 
Skan e 7 -5,6-0. Mor e became 
the lone remaining Triton in the 
ingles championship with a 3-

6, 6- 1, 6-3 win over Alberto 
Diaz of Washington College. 
Morse picked up his last win of 

Chad Morse beat Dave Mul-
daver 6-1, 6-2 in the third round 
before losing to Lance Au. 

the tournament with a 6- 1, 6-2 win 
over Dave Muldaver of UC Santa 
Cruz. 

In the doubles championship, 
Belloli atoned for hi earlier loss 
by pairing with Bethard for a first-
round 6-2, 7 -5 win overTom Evans 
and Jim Wells of William -. They 
were eliminated , however, in the 
second round by Kevin Franci 
and Sieve Sprinkmann of Ripon 6-
3, 1-6, 7-6 (8-6). 
Crew Qualifies Just One 
Boat for Grand Rnals at 
Rowing Championships 

At the Pacific Coast Rowing 
Championships at Lake Natoma. 
Sacramento, the UCSD women's 
novice four was Ihe only Triton 
boat to advance to the grand final , 
consisting of the first through sixth-

The UCSD Guardian 

plac e boa ts in qu a lifYIn g.. 
UCSDfini:.hed scc nd inat imc 
of 8:25.5. 17.'2 seconds behind 
the winner, Washington Slate. 

UC D hud three . econd-
place finishes in the petile ti -
nal. which consisted of the sev-
enth through 12th place boals 
in qualifying. The men's var-
sity eight finished in a time of 
6:05.5, less than a second be-
hind SacramenloStatc. Thc scc-
ond-place finish was good for 
eighth-p lace overall. Washing-
ton won the gmnd final. 

The men's novice eight 
also finished second in the pe-
tite final. c locking in at 6:21.9, 
three-tenlh of a second behind 
Oregon . UC Davis won Ihe 
gmnd final. The third second-
place petite final finish was 
lurned in by the women's var-
sity four in a lime of 8: IB .2. 
Washington won Ihe pelite fi -
nal withatimeofB:03.7 . Wash-
ington State won the grand fi -
nal. 

The women's novice eight 
placed Ihird in the petite finab . 
and ninth overall. wilha timeof 
7:23.0. Washinglon won Ihe 
grand final. The men 's varsity 
four fini hed ixth in the petile 
final (7:26.2). The overall win-
ner was Sunla Clara. 

The women's varsity eight 
was the only UCSD boat Ihllt 
failed to qualify for either Ihe 
petite or the g~and final. and 
finished 14th out of 16 boats 
(7: 17.7) afteradi~astrous quali-
fying round. UCLA was the 
grand final winner. 

TRACK 
Continued from page 22 
he said . "Our people. ovcr 
the ear~ . have hanuled Ihe 
national meel well." 

One of the key's 10 Ihe 
Tritons' SUCCl!~S could be 
dealing wilh the length of 
the rneel and . tay ing con-

~i s t enl. "TaJ..e a look :II 
[rank ings priorto the meet I . 
about a Ihird of Ihe people 
maybe rise 10 the occasion. 
lIbout a Ihird perform at 
Itheir usual] level. and abou t 
a third mess up," Stanfonh 
said. "Our objective is that 
our people (Ire in the first 
Iwo-thirds. " 

"The bOllom line is if 
they all go in lind have a 
posilive expe ri e nce and 
learn something about them-
selves and how Ihey handle 
competition, Ihen it' s been 
a succcssful meet," he said . 

PORTS 11 

Sue Mapes/Guardian 
Erica Washington is UCSO's top 
sprinter at the national meet, despite 
recent hamstring problems. 

[n order to pre pare for Ihe nUl ional championships. Ihe Tritons have 
sC(lled down Iheir workouts. "Allhe end of the season we don ' l work as 
hard." Sianfollh said . " lWe i rCM more in prepamt ion for final t1lee t ~. " 

Although it may scem like cxtra lraining may be in o rder with a 
narional meet pending. Stanforth feels that over-emphasizing the meel 
cun be hall11ful. 

" ometimes. I think. we make the nat iona l champion ~h i p meet or 
game to important ," he said. "People have a tough time perfOnlling 
I under Ihat pres~ure I. [11 the cnd. it 's a track and fie ld competit i O ll j u ~ tl iJ.. e 
Ihe 15 olher lrack and fi eld compelilions in Ihe ~eason :' 

tanforth is also hoping that the Tri[ons ' experience in to ugh meets. 
likc a Division I meet earlier Ihb year. will aid the team. 

"We see hi ghcrcompelilion in our regular season Ithan at r1'l C national 
meclj ." he said . " Nobody should be in awe .... We' ve seen people Ih row 
fanher. run Fas[er. and jump higher Ihan anyone at the Div i ~ i on III 
national mcet." 

Call Guardian Advertising 
534-3466 

I1II §>[III §>[TII R>U.rn-__ 1> 
§ : :i~~ PRESENTS 

SPECIAL MAY EVBNTS 
at the 

Sun Gods. Eucalyptus . Third Dorms. Chancellor 
Atkinson. Stonehenge . Tritons . Central . Mui r 
• Mac's Place. The Guardian . ISIS • Water Polo 
The Price Center. Construction • The Jolt Guy 

UCSD BOOKSTORE COMPumR CENTER 

r FRODUCTIV'; n:o..: -MAY 20.21 
Making life easier and more efficie nt through technology. 

Word processing, Spreadsheets, Calendaring, Presentation Tools, and 
Interactive Personal Services. 
Featuring: Micrsoft's Word for Windows, Excel, PowerPoint,and Windows; 
Word Perfect and Draw Perfect; the Prodigy Service, IBM's Hollywood, 
Current, and PS/2 preloaded solution offerings with fonnula editors, and 
other helpful tools. Stop by from 10a.m. to 3p.m. 

DESKTOP PUBLISHING· MAY 22,23 
Create flyers, proposals, presentations, and documents with a flair. 

Add predrawn pictures and various fonts to your document through clip 
art. "A picture is worth a thousand words." 
Featuring: Aldus Pagemaker and ATM; Arts and Letters dip art; IBM's 4019 
postscript laser- printer. Stop by from 10a.m. to 3p.m. 

~ MVLTI-MEDIA - MAY 29.30 ED} 
Unleash the power of your PS/2_ Integrate text, graphics, sound, 

animation, and video to present your information in the most effective 
manner. Discover the resources available to you from IBM to search current 
interactive multi-media applications or to develop them. 
Featuring: IBM's M-motion/audio capture/playback cards, Audio Visual 
Connection (AVe), CD-ROM, Adnanced Academic Systems 
with Asymetrix Toolbox; Cannon'sXapshot camera; National Geographi c's 
Encyclopedia of Mammals using LinkWay. Stop by from lOa .m. to 3p.m. 

L.JL_S1J 
It f...) l ) t<.. • co , l. ) IJ ~ I UCSD BOOKSTORE 

COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MON· FRI lAM -I PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

'---1111 0 

ueSD STUDENTS HAVE BEEN 
MISSING ONLY ONE THING 

Tt,~ U11'o- r~lt( Ihal) " no"",' 101 h,I,r~r rfc' bf'SI of Pi f)' 
thin e:-:c PI 1 footbal IPdrm f'1)~' .. ~ as II Ilil BLCtH,SP 
R",t1tO Sal Dpqos hvutfp BIlla-slylf' hl!pry' 'S no,. r lhf-. 
c, ,'; AE:t'a,ssCl"Cl' To,'iI'" CPfllfr 1',51 SOI,II'I'N ,I U C ~ 805 ~: .. · .. · .. '·"· 1 CO"" Ipas on ,M 1"blllOus FiSh T,1C,), 0". old, IdS Corr Ide; BUrritos Sa!'l'J ·.1 ., car ,1S al d SC ~ ICPO "'elr. :JI-

"'.~I h,l ... p cOl: ( H .Pl,l$ 1101 son',1 [".!1 s t f"'t.~l :, 11i 

1 R "" , 

• ~ . RUBIO·S 
'I 

"oj', ,'" 

Located at the Renaissance Towne Centre (just southeast 01 UTC). 
8935 Towne Centre Dr . • 453-1666 • Open Everyday 10:00 am - 11:00 pm 

•••••••••••• 
75¢ FiSh Tacos Llmlt 2 p rcus tomer • • 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 

G()od III ,ttl RlltHO", IC)('(11I'J1':;'I''((f'pt J,td t\.llfptlY 
SI,tdllllll CU'I .n rf'qlllr{o(j limn onp COIJPOI1 !'f " 
f ,SIUIfIl: r Pf" VI~,lt NIJI q 10rJ Wilt! dfly ott'I" (,l ll," 
O llp( "'1'''''' May 27. t991 

I\u~. 
I/o-~ tit. 7uJ.~. • 

. ............ .. 

In MiSSIOn Bay. SOSu. Pacific Beach. Chula Vis ta. Encmitas. 
San Marcos, Point Lorna. EI Cajon, Kearny M esa. Jack 

Murphy Stadium. and now in The Golden Triangle. 
Coming soon to Orange County (Tustin & Irvine). 



12 ART & ENTERTAlNM NT The U , uardian 

Curry to Spice Up UCSD 
By Julie Sherman 
Staff Writer 

Perhap Ihe number one perk 
of being a profess ional st:tnd-up 
comedian is the freedom to sleep 
late. Unforlun:lIely , comedy 
headliner Mark urry, who will 
be performing on Tuesday at the 
Mandev ille Auditorium, was try-
ing to exercise this perk when 
Ihis recent Guardian leleph ne 
interv iew began . 

"Ain ' t no thing." urry in-
si\ ted. 

TaJ...ing thut u, 'upology ac-
cepted,' and letting urry be-
come consci u\. all W'I'. we ll. 

urry i., kno\ n for bei ng par-
ticula rl y nice. afte r all . 

mbi ne llIee with fun ny and 
that equal s comed iC , uece .. .,. 
Proof of ulry',laicnllie\in one 
.,i mplc facl. While it usuall y litkc., 
c mics around I () year!. to make 
It, un .: pi ded onto the an 
Fran 'beo [j ay Area c mcdy 
~ccne in 19X7, 

It took him only one year to 
cult ivate hi~ willy l.ati re and hi-
lanous c har<lc t e r~ into <I pn le-
wi nn ing routine. From "Lc~ li e . " 
Ihe gay Ictail clerk . to Oa kl<lnd 
hO lllcboy " I(e wat e r," 

urry' ~ ch <J ra c tcr~ chann 
eV':I) one \\ h see~ him. 
Hb "One Night ta nd" 
n 11130. g t rave rc-
view~. 

" 1\1 III h III m ... 
(y aw n)," agreed 

urry. ~ t i ll hal fway 
in dreaml and . In 
19XX. he became 
thc Ba y Area 
Black Comedy 

o illp e tit io n 
ha illpi o n. 

But perhaps even more pre~li ­
giou is the f<lcI that he was run-
ner-up in the eXlremely c m-
petilive an Francisco Interna-
lional omedy ompetition. 

Are other comics jea lous of 
Curry 's quick ri e up the com-
edy ladder?" lf they are , they 
d n' l lell me, They d n 'I ~eem 
10 be, I jusl h(ld good planning. I 
wanted people t look at me in 
L.A. only when I was ready. 0 
when they saw me fo r Ihe fir~ 1 
lime they 'd say ' Damn .. . he\ 
go J,'" 

Curry now ma"es Los Ange-
le\ his home. but he was rai sed in 
Ea\1 Oakland , Ihe yo ungcs t of 
eighl children, But instead of 
bei ng sucked Int drugs and 
crime. urry observed it. ft er a 
few years at al ta te Ilayw(lrd 
and ma naging a Pay 'n ' ave. 
Curry fi nall y dec ided 10 bring 
th sc ob,ervations 10 Ihe , Iage. 
T fi nd unyth ing funny about 
the Oakland drug scene ithout 
be ing in poor laste is utough Job. 
but urry handles it with intelli -
gcnce and wil. 

WALK TO GRADUATION! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott lcl Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8200 $12500 
One-bedroom suite Two-bedroom suite 
At the ReSidence Inn by Marriott La Jolla . your family will enloy spacious 
one- and two- bedroom suites with fully eqUipped kitchens and living 

rooms. Also. they can treat themselves to our compllmenta/Y 
breakfast and hospitality hour. 

890 I Gilman Dr. 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

(please mention thts ad 10 
receive specJal rdte) 

(619) 
587-1770 

More of hi materittl ome 
frolll that perennial ~ore poim in 
many children's live .. ' paro-
hial high school. His depiction 

of peppy parochial cheerleaders 
vers u~ ttpathetic public chool 
rah-rahs in pires on-Ihe-floor 
laughter from :lI1yone who ever 
weill 10 high school. 

Curry is known for his easy-
going stage manner.")'m nice. 
I'm nice to everybody ," Curry 
~ttid . What about when someone 
tell s him to " be funny" offstage? 

"I I k 3t 'cm like they 're 
stupid. ThaI ' like walking uplo 
an acc um<lnt and say ing 'Come 
on ... add something forme, .. · he 

~ai d . 
urry complained, " nless 

people know me, they usually 
a~k mc ifrm a ba .. ketball player. 
I'm 6'6"," 01 to worry. It' 
onl y a mailer of time before 
'verybody know~ju~ t who Mark 

urry is. Ju~ t a~k the exec, at 
AB ! Mark urry has done it .. . 
hc got himself a ~ itcom . 

"I don't know what it is yet . 
We don' t really have a ba~ic 
premi~e yet ... it's like they did 
with Pauly hore, .. Ihey said 

' we like you and we W<lnt to 
do something with you, 

but we don' l know 
what ye t. ' I just hope 
it' s sueee!is ful ." 
Curry a~~ened . 

With vis ions of 
eiben pointsdanc-

in g in hi . head. 
Curry hung up the 

phone and went 
back to lolce p. 
After a ll he's 
done in Ihe last 
five years. he 

deserves 
th e 

rest. 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Monday, l\by 20, 1991 The CSD Guardian 

The ABC's of 'Out for Justice' 
• Steven Seagal 's latest action film deserves nothing better than an 'F' 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Senior Staff Writer 

In lrulh, nobody goe to a Sleven 
Seagal film expecting an Academy 
Award-winning movie. What Ihey 
expect is a lot of action. blood, car 
chases, guns, and Seagal bending 
the bad-guys' joinls in nightmari h 
directions. In other words, all the 
good stuff that make hearts race 
and heroic imaginations run wild . 

But in " OUI For Justice," a 
Wamer Brothers film billed a "a 
contemporary action thriller .. . 
filmed on location in Brooklyn, 
New York," the action is pointless, 
the car chases are overdubbed with 
noi e di gui ed as music , and the 
Ihriller is ju t, well , filler. 

story of two boyhood rivals who 
grow illlo adult enemies. one on 
the side of the law, Ihe other in Ihe 
mob, Seagal plays police officer 
Gino Fel i 110. wilh Wi lliam Forsythe 
a his arch-enemy Richie Madano. 

Let' skip funher plot summa-
rie and get 10 the point : why this 
movie is '0 bad that it 'houldn ' t 
even be rented on video. 

A: The beret, which iss upposed 
to be the basic bad-boy-gang-mem-
ber-but-beller-Ihan-you item of 
clothing, look like a beanie on 
Seaga\. 

B: Seagal's fake Brookl yn ac-
cent hould be illegal. 

no reas n, Iso, thc opening scene of 
Gino "dealing with" a black man I oks 
like it could be the Rodney King bcating. 

D: Gino picks up a slray puppy at Ihe 
beginning of the film. buys il some food, 
Ihen keeps it in the car Ii r the r".~1 of the 
movie, For th resr of rhe movie that poor 
puppy, who probably doe n't havea slrong 
bladder. sils in the front se~ll while Gino 
goes off to shoot people. 

E: Gino 's "back when Ihe neighbor-
hood was like Illy famil " stori es were 
stupid. borin g. and had no relevance to 
the movie. 

F: The relationships berween chara -
ters are never expl aincd. )'0 who know~ 
why Gino keep), trying to kill them'! 

viewer, not to mention insult their in tel-
ligence. We all know thilt crack is bad, 
bUI blaming everything Richie does on 
crack cocaine is ,I bit unreali ' ti c, 

H : At the very end. Richie, over-
weighl and ex tremely high, makes eight 
or nine llllacks on Seagal. On crack or 
nol. no one in Richie' s physical condi -
ti n would try to a!l ack a gun-toting. 
sapient cop who is "nown for pUlling 
cleuve rs through people's hands. The 
writer should have had Richie run. Then 
at I ' ast \VC could have had a goud car 
chase. 

Seagaf may be "Out For Justice " but he feaves his audience wishing they weren't out six bucks. The film is supposed to tell the 

C: eaga\'s character. "Gino," 
has a tendency to enter bars full of 
men and pick fight for absolutely 

G: The heavy. heavy anti -drug mes-
sage would please ll ney Reagi.ln, but 
would bore the heck out of any n mlal 

T ~ u m up: "Out For Ju~ t ice" make~ 
nil of eagal's previous work look bril -
liant. if you're in the mood to rent a 
Seagal film . pick up "Hard to KilL" ils 
a lot m rc reali stic. not to mcntion more 

inte re~ting , than "Out For Justi ce," 

A Rocky Production of a Cult Classic 
• The San Diego Rep's 'Rocky Horror' is just that - a horror 
By Caitlin Woodthorpe and 
Andy Clarke 
Staff Writers 

The San Diego Repenory The-
atre has chosen to open ils 1991 -
92 season with the rock musical 
and cult ritual "The Rocky Horror 
Show." At firSI glance. this move 
would appear to be a guaranteed 
hil , a gre.lt way to open up their 
16th season. But,lhe Rep' s bo ses 
may come 10 reg reI Ihe deci~ ion 
because this produclion suffers 
from a lack of audience participa-
tion and an ensuing loss of mo-
ment um. despile its obvious po-
tential. 

This failure comes as <I sur-
prise since "The Rocky Horror 
Show" is slich a phenom~non. The 

mu~ i cal grew from humble be-
ginning to the biggest cult film 
and theater production ever. It fi rsl 

appe~lred in London in 1973 at the 
60-l.eat Royal Coun Theatre for a 
fiv e-week Irial run . and then 
moved 10 the lurge r King 's Road 
Theatre. It played there for seven 
years and was a major , uccess. 

The movie version. ' 'The 
Rocky HorrorPiclUreShow,"was 
relea ed in 1975, larring Tim 
Curry a- Dr. Fmnk N. Funer. who 
had played the same role in Ihe 
opening stage production . "The 
Rocky Horror Picture Show" was 
finally relea ed on video ea elle 
las t year, presumably so th(lt 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

people could dress up as transves-
tiles in the privacy of their own 
homes, and Ihen throw rice, toast. 
etc. at their own TV creen. 

But, a anyone who has been 10 
one of the many midnight creen-
ings of "Rocky Horror" will tell 
you , the real secret of success be-
hind Richard O'Brien' s transves-
lite celebration is Ihe audience's 
behavior during the how. Ever 
s ince 1975 , people watchin g 
"Rocky Horror" have shouted OUI 
respon es to the actors ' lines, 
dressed up as their favorile charac-
ter. mimicked the aCI ions on screen. 
and thrown an assortment of bi-
zarre props at the appropriate mo-
ment . Unfortunately , mo t didn ' t 
participate at all. so the show 
stumbled along and didn' l really 
achieve any of it 's potential im-
pacl. 

The actual plot of "Rocky Hor-
ror" is ludicrous, a camp farce 
crossover between a sci- fi fi 1m and 
a B-movie of the '50s, complete 
with a score of rock' n' roll music. 
Squeaky clean couple Brad Ma-
jors and Janet Wei s. fiances from 
Denton, Ohio. are driving through 
a thunder lorm when Iheir car 
breaks down. They wander into 
the castle of Dr. Frank N. Funer 
and hi bizarre household of trans-
veslite party-goers. The ultra-vir-
ginal Brad and Janet both learn a 
few things during the course of the 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HUARACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN 1 
LA 5fi"DflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

night. which the doctor and his 
mon~tcr Rocky are willing to te(tch 
them. 

So. if the fOllllula for making 
this ridiculous farce has been tried 
and tested by literally hundred of 
other theaters. why does the ex-
peri ment fa il at the Rep? The main 
reasoll i~ due to a conflict between 
Ihe level of audience participation 
and the actors' desire to call the 
shots. It's unfortunate, but a fact of 
life. that any theater production 

the~e day ha to conlend wilh the 
popularity of ''The Rocky HOITor 
Picture Show." People come to Ihe 
theater and ex pecI Ihe same for-
mula as the movie, And it becomes 
a problem if they don ' t get it. 

In the fi rst 20 minules of Ihe 
production. a reasonable number 
of the audience members shouted 
out the li nes, heckled the charac-
leI's. and gO[ into the mood of the 
show. However, once actor Sean 
Mu rray made hi s entrance as Frank 
N. Funer, the audience got louder 
and increasingly intru ive. Murray 
became so nnnoyed with the heck-
ling 111<11 he slamped his authority 
on the crowd. He lold the worsl 
offenders down in the front, "This 
ain '{ the movie, it's the play. I bile 
back. So shut the fuck up! " 

After Ihat, the entire audience 
simmered down and the produc-
tion lo&t much of its vital energy. 

It wasn' t all Murray's fault , 

though. The ma-
jority of the au-
dience wa in 
some form of in-
erlia, and right 
from the start, 
didn'l want to 
panicipate. Only 
a small minorilY 
of people cross-
dressed. and 
when Ihe show 's-
anthem, "The 
Timewarp ," wa 
first played, only 
two people in the 
whole audience 
got up to do the 
dance. 

[I may not 
have been a con-
scious policy de-
cision on the 
Rep' s pan, but 
with tickets 
priced al aboul 
$20 each , the 
very people who 

Dammit, Janet! Janet (Micheffe Murfin-Gardner) and Brad (Gregory Linus Weiss) act appropriately horrified by the mad Dr. 
Frank N. Furter (Sean Murray) in the San Diego Repertory Theatre 's production of ''The Rocky Horror Show. " 

do go to the midnight "Rocky Hor-
ror Picture Show." and who really 
get into the pirit of the show, were 
probably discouraged from allend-
ing. This leaves the Rep with an 
older, more affluent audience, bUI 
not one which will do this good 
production of "Rocky Horror" real 
justice. 

The cenlral perfonnances are 

confident and profess ional. Murray 
milks Ihe role of Frank N. Funer for 
all iI 'S worlh , though he's not quite 
menacing enough to be totally con-
vincing. 

Anyone who takes on this role has 
10 try to exorcise the ghosl of Tim 
Curry's definitive portrayal of the 
character, which is foremost in the 
mind of the audience. Not an easy 

feat by any means, 
Michelle Muriin-Garderand Gregory 

Linus Wei ~s are Iruly nauseating a~ the 
"whiter-than-white" Bmd and Janet, a 
pair wonhy of the accolades of "Slut! " 
and "Asshole! " Tracy A. Leith, a gradu-
ate of UCSD 's MFA acting program, 
plays the tap-dancing groupie Colum-
bia. and does so with real comic flair 
and stage presence. 

Woocl h o u ~e ' s prod ucti on d oe ~ 
addsomc exce llenl touches and el11bel-

li ~hments to the ori ginal "Rocky Hor-
ror," und he play~ up the B-movie 
aspect of the show to great effec!. 

Unfortunately. though. the director 
can ' t dictate to Ihe audience how they 
should behave. and this is a show which 
suffers more Ihan most if Ihe audience 
isn't lively and responsive . 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

2 TANS $1 1 &Steve~s "" .. ,"" : 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~~~"-- Call for details' 2nd 30 Ian days $39,99 

Need help speaking 
or writi ng English? 

Call 

------FREE------
Yogurt or Ice Cr.m 
Buy One Cone or CUP. at regular price. 

Get One For Free. 
limit $3 - Topping not Included, ExpIr.s 6/ 3/ 91 Lose 6" Guaranteed! European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a te"llOrary WIler lOsS ~ ~ ceHuite and stretch mar1ls 
The 

READI NG COVE Not valid w~h other discounts . One coupon per customer, per visit. Valid only at Costa V(udfl Shopping Cflntflr. 
Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.I204 
455-0909 Expires 6120/91 Serving La lolla/North County 

IN THE UPPER LEVEL FOOD COll lr1' 
8650 GENESEE AVENUE - 450-3044 

Student Discount Cards NOW Avoiloble! 
. --
•••••••••••••••• COUPON •••••••••••••• 



14 PORTS 

JOHN MUIR COLLEGE 
AND TIlE 
BELKI MEMORIAL PUBLIC LECTURE ENDOWMENT PRE ENT 

CAR L 
BORONKAY 

G n ml Manager, Metropolitan Water DIStrict ( uthem OMomla 

fv'v . Boronkoy wili ialk aboul 

FUTURE WATER SUPPLY 
FOR 

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

Thursday, May 23, 1991 

104 
SOLIS HALL 

7:30 pm 

This leclure IS free ond open 10 the public 

THE BElKlN MENIClRIAl PUBLIC LECTURES WERE INAUGURATED IN 1979 

BEING-FIT® 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month withno 
contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

Offe< expires 6/3/91 

• AEROBICS .NAUTllUS 
• FREE WEIGHTS • LlFECYClES 
. STAIRMASTERS ·REEBOK STEPS 

·PERSONAlINSTRUCnON 
• 4 MilES FROM CAMPUS 

____ ....J 

3968 Claire mont Mesa Blvd. 
Clairemont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Wards. behind Pat's Sport) 
483-9294 

olso located near SDSU (698- 1702) 

The UCSD G uardian 

FINALS 

89. 
per week 

SPECIAL 

YOUR ILLNUS 
COULD II 

PIOFIIUU $$$ 
If you have a major illness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribut ion to the medica l 
community, and earn $U. 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis 
• Mononucleo I 
• Lupu 
• Herpc 
• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 
• Lyme Disca e 

$50 
an. 
up-

• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensilized 10 Ihe Rh Factor 

For more inrormation, pleaSf conlad 

MD LABObIGIiES 
226·1733 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 24 

Mary Washington eliminated 
V D from ontention on Friday 
in a 5-4 quarterfinal heartbreaker. 
Chri tyCoppe r andLauraGraham 
bear Robyn Inaba and Janet Whalen 
7-6 (7-4), 2-6, 6 -2 at number one 
doubles to secure the victory. 
Emory was knocked out by 
Gustavus Adolphus 5-3. 

In SalUrday' third-place match 
against Emory. the Tritons took an 
early 4- 1 lead. but Emory came 
roaring back when Debbie Fri k. 
after dropping the first set, downed 
Inaba 5-7. 6-3,6-4 at number one 
singles. The Eagle continued their 
surge with a traight-set win by 
Shannon McGlame and Meika 
Neblett at number three double 
over Catherine Yim and Nicole 
Hou e 6·0, 6-4 . 

Amanda Lynch and Nancine 
Hayden, however,c1inched the vic-
tory for VCSD with a 6-3, 6-4 win 
at number two double ' over Jen-
nifer Earle and Sue Fine. 

In other ma tches. Carla Nicho-
la defeated Neblett 6-3, 6-3 at 
number two singles. Whalen 
knocked off Earle 6- 1,4-6, 7-5 at 
number three singles, and Lyn h 
prevailed over McGlame 6-2, 7-6 
(7-2) at numberfoursingles . Diane 
Chandler recorded the Tritons' 
fourth singles victory, a 6-2, 6-1 
decision over Fine at number ix 
single. 

Jill Tobin defeated Yim 6-3, 6-
3 at number five singles for 
Emory's only other ingle win. 

In the remaining doubles match, 
Inaba and Whalen came out cold at 

Mo nday, May 20, 1991 

JennHer Kolsky/Guardian 
Janet Whalen . 
number one doubles. dropping the 
first set 6-1 to Fri sk and Tobin. but 
came back to lake the fi nal two 
sets, and the matcp, 6-4, 6- 1. 

Sunday, I naba and Whalen were 
eliminated in the first round of the 
doubles championship 6-4, 2-6, 6-
3 by Becky Donca terand Cameron 
Tylcrofthe Univers ity of the South. 
Inaba, the Tritons' lone competi-
tor in the singles championship 
and the 1990 Rookie of the Year, 
wi ll begin play today against Traci 
Allen of Sweet Briar College. 

Mary Wa hington nailed down 
the national title with a 7-6 (7-2). 
6-3 win by freshmen Anna Jack-
son and Lesl ie Roland at number 
two doubles over the Golden 
Gusties ' Molly McConnick and 
Nikki LaVoi. Gustavus Adolphus 
won the team nationa l champion-
. hip la t year with a 5-4 upset 
victory over VCSD. 

In other action. top-seeded 
Pomona-Pitzer ended up in fift h 
place after defeating SI. Thoma 
(MN) 5-2, and Wellesley tri-
umphed over Kenyon 5-0 to claim 
seventh place. 

.. 

A.S. 
l . 

LECTURE NOTES 
15 HIRING! 

A.s. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring notetakers for Fall 
Quarter, 1991. We have roughly 30 positions available paying 
$8.49 per hour. We're looking for motivated students to take 
nares in clas e u1ey've previously completed with an A or B. 
Various courses in [he following areas are under consideration: 

ArmIROPOLOGY ECONOMICS 

GRADUATE S1VDENTS BIOLOGY HISTORY 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

will be held on 
Date: unday, June 16, 1991 
Place: Cniver ity Price Center Ballroom 
Time: 12 'oon 

Ph.J ., M.E . and Ma ter ' degree ' c nferred 
Reception: Cniver it)' Price Center Plaza 

. tuJc:nt, \\ ho h.I\t' (Ompictl>O JII rl'<luu~ment5 by Fnd.!)" June I and 3rt! eligible to PJnldpJt~ 
,hOllid lOnlJlt O\.sR .11 \ 1.\ I (1. Cont.Kt Ihe llooblofe for C3P Jnd gown ttnt.!b .n X HS68 

CHEMISTRY PHILOSOPHY 

COMMUNICATION POLl1lCAL SeliNa 

C5E PSYCHOLOGY 

SOCIOLOGY 

Anyone imere ted in applying for Fall Quarter 1991 notetaker 
po ition should pick up a job referral at the Career Center and 
obtain an application at the Lecture ote office located next to 
oft Re erves . 

Alonday,~y20, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Some so-called MCAT Courses waste a lot of time on things you don't 
need for the MCAT! Tedious review lectures on general science. Useless 
hours in class instead of in test practice. 

At Stanley H. Kaplan we don't waste your time. Our classes are test-
specific and to the point-every point you'll need to score higher on the 
MCAT. 

We introduce you to the question types. We review the basic concepts 
that you'll need. And we give you more time-saving, score-improving test 
strategies than everything else combined . 

You'll practice on test -relevant questions created by our professional 
research staff, not a med student over spring break. Plus, you '11 get over 
1300 pages of test -specific review notes and practice questions. 

So if you want hype, try the other guys. If you want the best score, take 
Kaplan! ! 

Register now for summer classes. 
UCSD, SDSU, Clairemont 

277·6744 
Call for schedules 

and registration information 

C STANLEYH. KAPLAN ! Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 
Sponsored in pan by [he Special Admissions Support Program, UCSD School of Medicine 

15 



16 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
IAondey·Thursday - 8'00 .",..4;30 pm, F...,.-
8'00 om·3'OO pm, E .. ngln, aloo Ivallabll- The 
Languaa- Prog,am p'ovldes aMI_to students 
whoo native Ia_ I, nol E"IIlsih and 10 lho1e 
doing woll< In Japanese, lilian, Spanish, F,.nch, 
Gorman. ViOl""""''', and Auw.,. A clagnoslic 
lOst on wnn"n Englsh as a second ~ II 
available on raqu.". CaM 5~·22a. lor mora 
inlormallon. Old Siudent Conl.r, BIOg, A, Room 
.214 F,_. 

Manday·Fnday 

8:00 .m.4:30 pm (Evening appoinlment. also 
available) - The OASIS Writing Cant.r Is a 1,90 
.ervice lor all UCSO 51udent • . We oller one to one 
wnllng oonleroneeslor an~ type 01 wnting projoct-
academic pape~. p8l'SOnal statements, Iwn SlOrf .. 
and poem • • Our slaff 01 I,alned unde<gt1ldu41", 
who come ttom a variety ot academe disciplines. 
can help ~ou become a more ellect!vl wmer, Call 
53<·22a. 10 make an appoInlment or drolp oy OU' 
Oil.:. in Ihe old Student Cence" BYlldlng A, Room 
21 4. Free. 

The 
Weekly 

Calendar 
SERVICES WORKSHOPS 
Monda~·Friday 

8 :00 arn-4:00 pm - SIGI PLUS (Sysl.n. 01 
Interac\Jvl Guidance and Inlormalion) IS acompule,· 
basad program 01 career IntormatJon Otstgned to 
help ~ou clanly your skills, values and oocupaOOnai 
InlereSls For more InformatIOn, come 10 CWHr 
Services Canle,. $10, 

8:00 arn-4:OO pm - MENTOR: 11 you'r.graduating 
thos q<Jartor and job·.oelUng. wo'II malch you Wllh a 
professional ln yoyr fie'd 01 Interest who will gel you 
olartod nelwcrtong in Ihelocal Job marX ... Especially 
helpful lOt Nberal arts maJOrs as an allernahvI to on· 
campus ml9rviewmQ. $gn up Wllh the maln lobby 
receptIOnist Career SeMeIS Center Free 

Monda~ . May 20. 1991 

10:00 am.12:00 pm - GRIEF GROUP; Shon lerm 
group lor students dealing Wllh Ihe death ot a 

~nlhcant olher. Leader, RICk WhitehIll. ~34 ~024e 
and Karen Cogan. 534·3755 Co« lor S/On·up GH 
1003 Free 

1:00 pm-3:OO pm - AlcohOl and Sub$lance AbUse 
Poer Counseling Doug Sheres. Peer Counsek)r. 
534·3585 HSS 2056 Free. 

1:30 pm-4:00 pm - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: 
For help "ndlng dewable paMlme employmenl. 
determining career goals. seOrchlng for }oDS or 
explotlng profeSSional Or graduate school 
Opporturvlles. No appointment necessary. JUst watk· 
In Career ServICes Center Free 

2:30 pm - MARKETABLE RESUME WORKSHOP 
Leam howto conSlruct a St319·01·tha-3rtresumo that 
WIll make you stand out lrom the Growd Career 
SafVIC9S Center Free 

2:30 pm - AlcOhol and Sub$ldnCO Abuse Pee' 
Counseling Ene Ferguson. Peer Counselor . 534. 
0767 Argo Hall, Am 1041105. Free. 

3 :00 pm·5 :00 pm - THE 
ROMANTIC COPING SKILLS 
GROUP' Will leach ways 10 
create and maintain 
relatio nShips and 10 

overcome bteal<upc. Leaclors: Bovar1y Harju, Mery 
McNaughion. Sign·up: 534-2237. 412 MAAC F_. 
4:00 pm4:OOpm-MElOCAHA.CHICANA, LATINA 
SUPOPRT GROUP: IntotrNI group ..-ing wHidy 
to dlacu.s. acad.mlc, peraonal and locial 

o~nee,. L_r: UnclUy CaIdoron; 534-3755 
_-up. Gallery 8 . PrU Co_. F_. 
5:00 pm.t:OO pm - AlCohol and Substanc;o AlluM 
P_Counsaling : _ BtancI1ard, PoorCounMlo<; 
534-6030. Acad. Supp. Bldg. 2110. F,... 

Tuosday. ","y 21, 1991 

D:30 ..... 11 :30 l1l'i - Alcohol and Subs..".,. Abu .. 
Poe, Coun ... ng. Eric Fltg<Jsoo, P_ CC\lnatlOr. 
534-0767. Argo Hall. Rm. 10041105 Fr .... 

12:00 pm-1 ;30 pm - ANGER MANAGEMENT 
GROUP: Fo' "_nt, .'peritrong anger lhai 
Inlorior •• with IICacIomic pe_nee. rolotionshlps 
or hlling "'YIo.1Aador. Hugh Pal .. , 534-3456. _'10 
Pro"",,'s Office. Fret. 

l:30pm-EFFECTIVEJOB SEARCH STRATEGY; 
80"4 01 aU Job vacancies are uMdVoniSld. Thi. 
wcrllshop win leld! ~C\I the moll effect,.1 OIlY 10 
find them. Career ServtCes CeRler 'rH 

1:30""",:00 pm-DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: 
FOf help finding deS/tabit pan' lIme employmenc, 
delerminlng care.r goals. searching lor JObI or 
l.plOflng professional or graduale SChool 
opporturutJes. No appolnlment necessary. just walk· 
In. Caf •• r SIMOeS Center fr ••. 

2:00 ....... :00 pm - Alcohol and SubSlanot Abuse 
Pe.r Counseling: Cecelta Nepomuceno, PHr 
Coun.elor; 53<·3035. Third College Dean's Office. 
Fre • . 

3:00""",:30 pm -PROCRASTINATION GROUP. 
Overcoming ""Ia~'ng aeliI"IIe. In o""*' to bocom8 
more locusod and more efflCllve In sluc1ylng and 
wrillng paP41rs. La_I: Hugh Pales, 5~·3<56 . 
Revelle P,owsl's OffICe. Fr ... 

Wednesday. May 22.1991 

.:OO ..... 11:OO..., - AlcoholondSUbstanco Abusa 
PM' Counseling ' Cec."a Nepomuceno. P •• r 
Cou.-Ior; 534·3035 Third Collage Dean's Off. F_. 
10 : 30 .m-12:00 pm - ASSERTIVENESS 
TRAINING: A worI<shop leaching slUlls 10 improve 
communtcation WIth olhers, leader: Yvette Mi1fani, 
534·0254 . Rovollo Formal Loongo. Free. 

12:00 pm-12:!50 pm - RED PEER WOAKSHOP: 
Four week ..,r'otshOp prollldtng skJllS 10 idenllfy and 
Improve habits and anltudes related to eating and 
bOCIy Image. Leaoer: Susan Felne, .12 MMC. 
Free 

1:30 ....... :00 pm - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: 
For help Ilndlng desirable part·lime employment. 
de10rmtnH'lO camer goals, searctllOQ for jobs or 
exploring professional or gradua1e school 
opportunltlos. No appointment necessary. lust watk· 
In. Career Service, Center. Free 

3:00 ....... :30 pm-CHICANOICHICANA, LA TINOI 
LA TINA SUPPORT GROUP' Meelsw .. kIy Leaders; 
Dan Monol . 534, '579 . and lindsay Calderon, 53 • • 
3755 cal 10' Inlormal,on Revelle P'OVOOI'S Olfice. 
Free. 

3 :00 pm· 4 :30 pm - INTERNATIONAL 
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN SOUTHERN 
CALIFORNIA Where 15 the future of International 
bu$lness gOing? Find OUI aboul domesltc buSIness 
opportunl1les In compames dealll'lg Wlih Japan as 
well as '"8mployrnent growth and Issues expected 
lrom the new trade agreement With MeXICO. Career 

Services Center. 
----- Freo 

ti :3O pm-8:00 pm 
- Lesbian and 
Sts8)(ual Women's 
Support Group Lod 

by peer counselors 
Chell and Oebbte. WO'ro 

a we9kty , confidential drop· In 
group torwomen interested In dIscussing 

personal concerns and social ISsueS In a 
comfOrtable.supportlve environment Call Davtd 

al 534·3987. Women'S Resource Cenler. Free. 

9:OOam-l1 :OOlm - AlCohOl snd SubSlance Abuse 
Peer Counse~ng : NICOle Blanchard. Peer Counselor; 
534·6030. AcaO. Supp. Bldg . 2110 Free . 

11:00 am-l:OO pm - AlCOhOl and Subslance 
Abu.e Peer Counseling' Doug Sheres Pe.r 
Counselor . 534·3585. HSS 2056. F'oe. 

11 :30 1m - INTERVIEWING SKILLS 
WORKSHOP Do you neod helpinprepanng 
for JOb InlorvleW'S? Career SeMC8S Center 
Will proVIde liPS on Ihe basI ways 10 prosent 
your qualifications and what kind of 
Interview questions to upect Career 
Servas Cenler, Free. 

1:00 pm ON ·CAMERA: 
PRACTICING INTERVIEWING 
SKILLS: Sharpen your Inl . r.lewlnQ 
slcilis by seel"9 and heanng ~ours8ll0n 

vtd8clapa . Rocelvele_ Irom olher 
job seekers In thIS group worttsoop. 
Prerequlsil. : INTERVIEWING SKILLS 
WORKSHOP and sign up 10 walch Ihe 
EFFECTIVE INTERVIEWING DEMO 
TAPE, Career ServICes Center. Free. 

1 :30 pm.4 :00 pm - DROP·IN 
ADVISING HOURS: Fo, h.1p finding 

desirable part-tima employment, determining 
career goals. searching lor jobs or •• ploring 

prolesslonal or oraduale school opportunllies. NO 
appolnlmenl necessary, juSI w.I<·ln. Career SerYlCeS 
Center. Frae. 

3:00 """,:30 pm-TEST ANXIETYWOAKSHOP: 
Focu .. s on skiNs 10 rtduce 10SI anxioty. Leader: 
Hugh PailS. 534·3<56. Aovelle Provost's OIIico. 
Fret. 

4:00 pm.5:30pm-SOCIALSKIUSWOAK$HOP: 
A group fOCUsing on developtng skJlls 10' mooting 
other ·p.opl., conversations, asltrtivenss, .tc. 
Leader: Lindsay Calderon. 534·3755. GH 1003. 
Fret. 

8:00 pm-7:30 pm - Gay and Bi .. xu.' Mtn·, 
Suppon GrC\lP loci by PM' counselors Tony II1II 
Chau. W.·re • -'<Jy InlormaJ, conlidontial PM' 
group lor studentl who wanllo discuss _ and 
s/1at9 concem • • Como Itnd YOU' aupponl 0I0jHn 

The UCSD Guardian 

wetcomo Of call o..Id at 534-3987 tor more lrolo. 
Mountain v_ Loungo (by ilia I.nnls COUt1l. Ttinl 
Collogo). Fret. 

Friday. lAIr 24,1 991 

1:00_11 :OO_-AIcohoIand Subl1ancoAbute 
P •• r Counseling: COOlie Ntpomucono. P.e, 
Cou_,534-3035. ThIftlCofleooDMn·,Off. F_. 

12:00 .... 1:30 pm - PAN ASIAN COMMUNITY 
FORUM: Drop-;n groupdoalgnodlO_concemo 
01 AsIanIPICifIc IaIandIr IIUdonts II UCSO In • 
probl.m·solvlng and luppotllv. almooph .... 
L_rs: Jaonno IAatIOM and John Wu, ~.303S. 
Mounlaln View lounge. F,... 

12:1,_, :.apm-THERAPYGRO\JPFOAGAY 
MEN: ConIidof'CiaI ttierapy group fo, ~o and 
underV_. ~ andboso,u.! men. Leader.OaIIId 
Blasband. 534-31187. CaliDaYid lor sIgn.up. LAI. Bldg . 
Am. 3240. F, ... 

1:30 pmo4:OII pm - DROp· IN ADVISING HOUAS: 
F", help wilh .. ,..., goals, job hunting, rosume 
PfeparalJOn. Ole. No appoinlOmenl nocelS8t)'. just 
wat .. n. ca,_ SeM081 Clntor. Fr .. 

2:00 pmo4:OO pm -ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE 

ABUSE GROUP: FOfstudontswho raiselhequestion 
-00 I have a problem?' Supponive and resourceful 
env'ronmenllo e.pforelhe above Iheme. Leaders ; 
Dan Monoz and EqUlIia llIko. 534-3755. Revolle Prv 
OffICe. Froe. 

4:00 ~:OO pm - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: 
Inlonnal dSCUSSIOn/support group lorusing on issuos. 
concerns. e<pariences Ihal anect Iho quality 01 ijfe 01 
Afncan·Amencan commumry at UCSO Leaders : 
Phil Raphael, Eq<Jllla Luke, 534-3755. Mounlam View 
Lounge. Fr ... 

LECTURES 
Mo"""y , May 13. 1991 

4:00 pm - 'Mode", "'uslralors 01 Danle and Ihe 
CIassICai Trad,llOn.· Leclur. by Jean,P,erro BamceUI. 
P,olessorof Romance Languages and Comparalive 
Uterature. UC Riverside Sponsored by the Program 
In ClaSSICal Studies aoothe Department of LJteraturQ, 
UCSD. 3155l11eraluro Bldg. Fre • . 

Tuesda~ . May 14. 199 1 

4:00pm-Lecture by Francoise Gaillard. Prolessor. 
Paris VII . "The sen & The Other. The Rel"m of Ihe 
Human a.1.1: 3155 Lileraluro Bldg. Free. 

W8dnesda~ . Ma~ 15. 1991 

12:30 pm - MIchael CurtiS. Edllor. Atlantic Monthly. 
'AmencanFldionandlhePubJishlng InduSlryToday.· 
3155 Uleralure Bldg . Free. 

Thursday. Ma~ 16. 1991 

4:00 pm - ·Crosscurrents. Crosstalk: Aace , 
'Postcolonlahry : and the POlitics of location: Lata 
Mani (UC DoVls) and RUlh Frankenburo (UniverSIty 
01 WaShington. Seanle). In the ,eries ·Crosscurrents 
- Poslcolonia,ty and Callo""a: sponsorod by Ihe 
UC Organized Research Project in lhe Humanities. 
Group lor Ihe Siudy 01 Te",s and Discourses. 
Women's SIUOle. Program, UC· Mexus. and Ihe 
Oopartmenl 01 Ule.alure. 3155 Lileralure Bldg. F roe. 

ORGANIZA TlONAL MEETINGS 
Tuosda~, Ma~ 14, 1991 

2:30 pm.4:00 pm - Lesbian . Gay & BI ••• ual 
Associalion buSIness meeting. Every week. saml 
time. Old Sludeni Cenlor. 2nd lloor. above Soft 
Reserves. Free. 

8:00 pm - Graduale Siudenl ASSOCIailOn Council 
Mee~ng . E,OC\IIive OfficernomlnallOnsand ol.clion. 
- all g'aduote SlUdent$ are oligible 10 par1k:ipale . 
Pnce Canter, 3rd 11oor, Conlerence Room 8. Free. 

8:00 pm - UNfVERSITY TOASTMASTERS il 
having a specfal joinl meeting Wllh the T O8l1rnall.,. 
01 La Jolla. EVlryono is wtlCOmeto me.1 uslh.,. (Of 
carpool aI 5:30 Irom MAAC ConI. Rm 1I1·A, OUl' 
togularmeoting placo). Como _ how you can learn 
10 be an .ffect l". Communicato, through 
T oastmallors. CaM Oa .. at 27 .·9146 lor more inlo. 
Th. Firehou •• C.Rl.,. 7877 H.tIeh.1 Ave (In 
downtown La Jolla). Free vIIi1. 

7:00 pm - This month', mooting 01 the AmIga 
U .. rs' Group at UCSD (AMUG) ";1 inctude an 
InwlligllionOliheSASlCvtrsion5.IO .... lopmonl 
plal10rm on lhe &8030-_ Arniga 3000 InG 

~ tor the upoo ..... Sun God FHIi .. 
Booth. Othor __ TBA. Cal Thorn CIIIand • 
453·2414 wllh any quo,tlona. Modi. Comerl 
Com~nicaIiona 1I<.i1clng, Room 201 . Free. 

ENTERT AINMENT 

~,May 13 and TUoocI8y, May 14, 1"1 

.:00 pm - The 8eId 5opfano (Tho _-Play) by 
E~ iono_. I,....,., ~ 01 UCSO'I 
brand nowundo~_NISoI'Lact.Ke .... 
107. F_. 

W~, MIy 15 througIt Sunday, May III -
Wad.-Fri .. 8:00pm: s.. 2:00 pm ana 8:00pm; Sun., 

7:OOpm-UCSO"""'and"'~Amoric8n 
TheaN PIog,.,., pM«W "ROOSTERS' by I.tICl\l 
SancIIu·Scot A powrfuI ,.".~ Ilrugg10 over a 
prize figlllng _ It\IIIIS tor • 111'* and IOn in 
nn! New Mexico. W_ ntMtr.. sa. students. 

~,MIy 18lhrous;, SaIurday. May 18. 1991 
- T'-'r .. 8:00pm, Fri.·Set., 1:00 pm and 11:00 pm. 
- UCSO n-.~a apoicaI IMlro project 01 
two PItwIdolIo one acr ptays ~ by RoborIo 
<Morrez V ..... «l9 SIudIo ntMtr.. IS. 

Saturdey, May 18, '"' 

11 :00_:00 pm-AIkampuooroquolloumamonr 
lor SlUden!I. lactJIIy and 1Ia". Sign up for 2-pelson 
leams at all Deana' office. and MOMs. F,oe T·IIN" 

lor a" playe ... 0, walch and omjoy the Ir .. C8\erod 
tea and socnes, me. and musk:. Aevelle Field. Free. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Monday·F """y 

Are you laking lull advanlage of all 01 your 
opportunitiesaIUCSD?lfyouhaven'lhaclaFITSTOP 
you are nOli To take advantage 01 8 FREE finle.s 
evaluation . all you havolo do is sign upl SlOP by Ihe 
second lloor ollhe SlIJdenl Health Cenleno make an 
appOIntment that IS convonient tor you. -Be thera or 
ba squar.'- Slucteni Hea~h Service, 2nd lloor. Free. 

Monday, May 13. USI 

2:00 pm - Just sa~ no 10 STDs. and oar know 10 
bi nh conllol. Learn all yC\l neod 10 know abou\lhe 
proper use of Iho most popular birth control mel hods 
available Ihrough Siudeni Heallh. Sludeni Heallh 
Service, 2nd lloor. Froe. 

Tuesday, Ma~ 14.1991 

Aionday, Afay20, 1991 

~; TIm Go!tIIcY" Evangelill SonI8 BaIbara 
Am, Price COnIOt. FtM. 

4:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS oilers 
Lahrllalo T*"d SIudy with RabbI Doug S-' 
~2 ___ FtM. 

7:00 pm-CATHOLIC IBBLE STUDY. Each_ 
we _ • .....,. on. ciacuu. and pray the upcoming 
Sunday Sc:tIpCurol. PI .... join us. Unlverally 
L..c_ Chufa1.ClIhoIct..ounge.Acroasthe_ 
Irom ~ CoIogo. F_. 

W.-y, MIy 15, 1991 

10:00 _2:011 pili - Th. ISRAEL ACTION 
COMIoIITTEE has an Information _ In the Price 
Contor Plaza. Come Ind tal< with JowieIt SlUdenll 
about Jewish ,Ie on campus and oppoIIU_ lor 
visflinglet8el 

1:00 pm - A _r lor 1IUdont, II sorwd by the 
~ComrrontyatUCSO. Everyoneit_. 
University Lutheran ChuR:h. _Ihe _ from 
Re_CoIIege. 

7:00 pm - Tho Bible study topic it'An Open I.tnd: 
baNd on I Connll'lanl 2:6·16 and loci by Lu\f>oran 
ca~, "'stOf John Hubar. Open 10 oil. UniV8f'S.'1y 
LUllteran Church, IICtOIS the stroe1 lrom A_ 
Colitg • . F_. 

7:00 pm - Sojoumer'& Chriatian FollOwship. AI 
'KoInonla' (WOftl mearing Ie_hlp) wt cItcu .. 
Iho struggles ond Joy 01 baing Christianl Come join 
Ul. MAC .'3" (beNnd cashl.,.. ofllco). 
. :00 pm- __ Con We UnIod<1haBrble', s.a.ts?' 
wil be ptoMRlod by PaSlor John Huber. AN ar. 
wtlcome. University Whe'an Church. across the 
st,oot from Revelle Collogo. Fret. 

D:30 pm - CANDLELIGHT MASS. A qul.t. 
modiladve dme lor sharing with OIhers. Spon_ 
by tho calhoic Siudent Community 11 UCSD. 
Uni .. rsity Lutheran Chutch , aero .. Iho st,.., from 
Revello Collego. FnHI. 

Thursday. May 16. 1991 

11:OO ..... 2:OIIpm-JEWISHCAIM'USCENTERS 
Inlormation Table in Ihe Price Conter Plaza. Stop by 
fOf lnlorma11on on Jewish campus lie. Fraa . 

5:45 pm- THE THURSDAY DINNER. Home'-
food ""'gNatcompany. Spon_bythe ~ 
Sludanc Communily II UCSO. University LUllteron 
ChutCl\, Calholic Loung., aero .. I,om Rovello 
Collogo. $2 donation. 

7:00 pm-GRAOUATE STUOENT DISCUSSIONS. 
Join us 10, a ivoly discussion 01 Monika HellwJg's 
Book. 'Wh11 are lhe Theologians Saying?' (About 
Grace. EucI1arist.lnlaliblllly. World Religions ... ) Call 
Lisa Nuccl·Gl lbert lor more Inlo al 587·6712. 
University Lulhe",n Church, CalholicLounga. Connor 
01 N. Tor,ey Pines Rd. and La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Free. 

7:30 pm - Episcopal Collage Group Bible Sludy. 
For inlo,malion and ride. call 565·6661 . SI. 
Elll_,h's Church. 2825 Menon Avo .. San Diego. 
Free. 

Friday, May 17. 1991 

11:00 am ·2:oo pm - SOjou,ne,'. Chri.tian 
Fellowship. SlOp by our lable In Ihe Price Cenler 
Plaza tor information. See what we're an about! 

7:00 pm - Sh8bbal Service and Dlnne,. JowiSh 
students organize warm and intimate Shabbat 
Service and dinner. Make a reservation and jOin us! 
Warron Api • . Meeting Room. $4 (Dinner cost) . 

Sunday. May 18, 1991 

8:00 om - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship Service and Holy Euchans\. Church ollhe 
Good Samaritan. 4321 Easlgale Man. Free. 

8:30 1m - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by Ihe 
Calholic Siudenl Communily al UCSD. Unive",1Iy 
LUlheran Church, Comer 01 N. Torr.~ Pine. and La 
Jolla Sho,es Drlvo . ~r ... 

D:OO 1m - EPISCOPAL 
11:00 am - So. he's Mr. Right and you've docrdS!l,.. Worship Servlc<j. lnd nOI"flf",<;nan>l 
Ihal lonlghl's Iho nighl? Senle you, birth ""ntrol "'~ipjacopal Chu~. 74<LI:'J)OW>ect 
plight Coma 10 a Birth Conlrollnlo Siudent . ' ....... :~')'~:;·"'·,...-;·;;~.~ISA~OI.ii. 
Hea"h Service. ..' ~I MINISTRY. 

Fre • . 

1:00 pm - Wanllo S88 a carvlcal cap? How abOu1 
a diaphragm? Come 10 a Birth Controllnlo Session 
and gel a Ir.o condcm 100. Siudent H •• tth Service. 
2nd IIoor. Frae. 

Thursday. May 16. 1991 

10:ooam-Whal wculd you do if you gOI pregnanl? 
Do somelhlng balor. you g.' pregnant. Leam about 
the prope, use. advanlages. and disadvanlage. 01 
each binh control m«hod. Student Health Servrce. 
2nd lloor. F rH. 

1:00 pm - What can ~ou do 10 provenl lhose 
Irrilallng vaginal and urinary lract Inttc1ions? Go! 
soma hints at a _ Wo""", Session. Sludanc 
H&afth Se_e. 2nd lloot. Froo. 

REliGIOUS SERVICES 
T uosday thN Saturday 

5:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by lhe 
Calholc Sludenl Communily II UCSD. University 
LutI10ran Cl>urch, Corner of N. Torrey Pin.' and La 
JofIo Shot" Drive. F'N. 

MondIy. May 13, 1991 

12:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS oII.rs 
L._ Batie JUlllilm Clast wilh RabbI Siotn!d<. 
!502 Manhows. Free. 

T ..... y, Mey 14, '"' 

12:OOpm-12:50pm-f'ropItocioeolthe~0eys. 
!\II tho tatpIurw 01 MIaNw 2. _ c:oiIlCidIt ICe. 
or .... In the lilt .-,.7 Come and _ ... 
-..clIng ~ 01 the Son 01 God. 0... 

fiifi~uchari.\.Church ollhe 

gradu8ling win 
Lutheran v")I.,hiD hou,. 

11 I luncheon will ba sarvod. 
lemuring Danish. Hungarian, Parslan, Norwegian. 
and flaian dishes. 10 honor Ihosa graduating . The 
event Is 'ponso,od by Ihe University Lutheran • . Call 
453-0561. University Wheran Church. across the 
51rOO1 lrom Revelle CoMege.Free. 

5:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. SpanlOrod by lhe 
Calhoic Siudent CommunHy al UCSD. University 
Luther.n Church, Comer 01 N. Torre~ Pines and La 
Jolla Shotes Drive. Fr ... 

6:00 pm-7:0II pm-UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY 
Invile. you to ling e new song. If singing i$8 woy lhal 
you find helpful in ox.rclsing your $pIntual haafth, 
Ihen join us 10 sing Ihose old gospel and campfire 
song • . WeeI<Jy mooting held in Ihe Police St.lion 
Training Room (nNr ORA office in ~2). A" aN 
wtlcomel F_. 

9:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS sponsored by lhe 
Calhoic Studenl ComnnunHy 8t UCSO. Unlversily 
Lutheran C'-'rch. Comer 01 N. Torr.~ Pi_ and La 
Jolla Shorel Drive. Froe. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
Friday. May 17. liIIIl 

4:30 pm - Entry Ooodfin.. Stewl" Prizes in 
Lrtorature : Poalry and IIcIion only. Open 10 II S1uCIInI 
pat1icIponll of lhe Undergraduate MI FHllvaf II 
UCSO. Submit no more lhan 5 poomllnCllO' 20 pp. 
01 proao. Two priz .. of $100 _ . Inctude name. 
-..., phone nu_. and stildent ID numbOf. 
Submilonlrl" to: Linde Ttoplo. 3133 Lif. Bldg. F,... 

Monday, May 20, 1991 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Goalie Dawn Ringhand 

HOME 
Continued from page 24 
ing and was crucial in pull ing out 
the close win. 

Harper has maintained all sea-
son that the home pool advantage 
would prove to beoneofthedecid-
ing factors in the championship 
tournament, with UCSD facing a 
tough field of competitors, includ-
ing UCD, UC Santa Barbara, and 
Slippery Rock. 

'·1 Knew playing at home would 
make a big difference," Harper 
said. "I t did." 

"I have to givea lotofthe credit 
to the crowd, and they should share 
in this victory," Harper said. ·'For 
a full weekend of water polo, every 
game we played, the crowd was 
incredible .. , 

··We've had large crowds be-
fore," Harper said, "But this was 
different. You could feel from them 
that they wanted this [champion-
ship J and that they cared. r really 
think that it transmitted itself to the 
players." 

It was obvious to anyone at 
Sunday afternoon's game that the 
Tritons were thriving on the mo-
mentum of the crowd. "We were 
really pumped up," said A li -Ameri-
can Christy Parker. "Having all of 
these people rooting is such a great 
feeli ng. Without [the crowd] we 
couldn 't have done it." 

"[t was jus t all momentum," 
said senior goalie Dawn R inghand. 

In a tDurnament where ' UCSD 
was overshadowed by an unde-
feated anddominant UCD squad, a 
scheduling decision made almost 
two months ago might have been 
the deciding factor. 

" The feeling of the university 
being intD this was present," Harper 
stated. "It was j ust really a great 
tournament." 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to 'Ions) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

The UCSD Guardian 

FREE SCREEIIII 
Brought to you courtesy of I~ 

Li2 c.laibarne 
c o s M E T c s 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 22 
8:00 PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

sponsored by 

SPORTS 17 

UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAN DIEGO / LA JOLLA 

Tickets are available beginn ing 
May 17 at UCSD box office at noon, 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

~ ................... I 
I 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
WI1h this ad. Offer elCpires June 15, t991. 

Mon.-Fri. 8-5 
Sat. 9-2 549·8233 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

$24.95 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

& 
AUTOMOTIVE 

Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 
to Foremost Business Park, Suite F 

l't 
on 

~N 
UC .... 
SD 

~ 

I 
8545 Arjons ~ 

SUite F .... 

B 
ro 

<.) 

• 

Miramar Rd . 

I 
I 
I 

L ____________ __ ___________ _ _ _ _____ __ _ _ _ _____ ~ 



18 The UCSD Guardian 

The nation's largest 
free standing biomedical 

research institute offers a new 
degree opportunity. 

The Re ear h In titute of Scripp Clinic's pioneering efforts in biomedical 
re arch ha po iti n d lIT in titute among the top research facilities in the 
world. For three d cades we have be n at the forefront f discoveries bring-
in enormou bcnefit to the health of people around the world. 

Toda'Y, more than 1, cienti t ,po tdoctoral fellow and technician 
are making breakthrough J which until re ntly, exi ted only in the imagina-
tion. B part of th r earch at Scripp Clinic that i advancing the frontiers of 
m di in . 

Th pp rtunity to join a re ear h team at Scripps is now available to 
RESEARCH TECHNICIANS with a BA/ BS or MA/MS in the following 
di iplines: 

• Biochemistry • Molecular Biology 
• Microbiology • Organic Chemistry 
• Chemistry • Biology 
• Immunology • Cell Biology 

Top consideration wiJl b given to graduating tudent who have gained 
xperi nc with on or more of the foJlowing techniques by participating 

in independent re arch pr ject J volunteering or working part-time in a 
re ear h lab rat r : 

- Ti ue ultur (hybridoma/monoclonal antibodies) 
- 0 Ie hniq"uc (cloning, equencing, blotting, pia mid preps) 
- Pr)t in & cnz me purification/isolati n 
- HPL 
- ELI A' 
- mall animal work 
- OrganiC ynthcsi /chemical analy i 

For more infurmation on the out tanding opportunitie we currently have 
availabl , pi a c complete and r turn the form below. A Recruiter will 
contact ou within to working da 

-------------------------------------------------------------

N MF __________________________________________________________ __ 

1\ [)[)I{E.',S: ________________________________________________________ __ 
lTV: ___________________________ ST A TE: _______ ZII': ____________ _ 

E MBFR: ( 
ERSITY: _____ ---; _____________________________ _ 

DEGREE/ MAj R: _____________________________ GPA: _______ _ 

D TE AVA IL RLF TO W RK F LL TIME: __________________________ _ 

nd completed form to: Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation, Dept. of 
Human Resources, MRC-2, 10666 N. Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla, CA 92037. 
AA/EOE. 

Monday, May 20, 1991 
Monday, May 20, 1991 

REPEAT 
Continued from page 24 

UCD got on the board first. as 
1991 All-West Team co·MVP 
Janeil Odum lobbed a shot over 
goalie Dawn Ringhand's out-
stretched hand just 36 seconds into 
the game. 

The Triton, not to 6e outdone 
however, evened the score I-I just 
two minute later as freshman 
Ali on Westfall barely beat the 
shot clock with a lob of her own off 
adriveand pass from Jamie Dailey, 

Thedeadlockcontinued into the 
second period until two Triton ejec-
tion , which the Aggies quickly 
converted into goal ,gave UCD a 
short-lived 3-1 lead. 

UCSD wasn' t ready to give up 
ea ily, however, as Brenda Reitan 
took advantage of an Aggie ejec-
tion, and Christy Parker powered 
in a shot from the left wing to knot 
the score at 3-3. 

Both teams played excellent 
defense throughout the half, and as 
the game wore on, the two teams 
became increasingly more physi-
cal. 

TheAggies surged ahead again, 
but not before Reiton smacked the 
canvas for another goal to tie the 
score at 4-4 at the half. 

Both teams came out fighting at 
the start of the third period, and 
each failed to capitalize on numer-
ous scoring opportunities, despite 
several ejections. Neither team 
scored in the period, and the 
struggle for the best in the nation 
continued into the fourth period of 

The UCSD Guardian 

USA WOMEN'S WATER POLO NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 
AT CANYONVIEW POOL: UCSD 6, UC DAVIS 5 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Jamie Oai/ey was named to both the All-American and All-Collegiate first teams, along with Christy 
Parker. Brenda Reiton and Kristen Larson made first-team All-American, second-team All-Collegiate. 
play. more by Ringhand, but it was not [the game with Davis] that it wa. 

The Tritons. with the crowd enough. as UCSD squeaked out going to be tough, bUI we knew we 
behind them. took the opening the win and the championship. could do it: ' she sa id . Parkerscored 
sprint and controlled both the ball Ringhand had an excellent tour- once in the title effort. 
and the tempo of the game. One namentoverall ,regisleringseveral Dailey, another All-American 
minuteand 13 seconds later, Dailey key saves at crucial moments of sl:iection, also stood out through-
powered in a backhand shot from the game, including a third quarter out the tournament, providing a 
the hole position to give the Tri - block in the final that helped shift defensivepresence,aswellashelp-
tons their first lead of the game 5- the momentum in the Tritons' fa- ing to execute the Tritons' offense. 
4. vor heading into the fourth period. " In this game my rote was much 

Two minutes later. a teal by "We werejustclicking." Ringhand more of an assist player than a 
Westfall and the re ulting counter said: "We've been clicking for the scorer:' she sa id. 
attack led to a goal by Reiton from past few weeks now." "I knew that going in, and I was 
four meters out, and the Tritons Chri ty Parker, an All -Ameri- set for that." 
were up for good 6-4. can se lection, echoed Ringhand 's Dailey also had to bear the brunt 

UC Davi managed to skip one sentiment': "We knew going into of some of the more physical play 

of the contest. "It was very physi-
call inside],"she sJ id. "I was ready 
to get beatcn." 

Reiton. the third of four first-
team A II-American selections, 
capped the 'eason with a strong 
finish after being out of the lineup 
with a broken finger. The three-
time All-American select ion pow-
ered in three goals on the after-
noon. including the winning goal. 
"We just fought really hard . We 
knew the tougher team would win, 
land] we knew we could do it," 
Reiton said. 

Reiton noted that the Aggies' 
undefeated record helped take 
some of the pressure off CSD: 
"I Davisl had a lot more to losc 
go ing in . Nursing an undefeated 
seasull is tough ... you go in to it 
amI you know you have to win. 
Sometimes you (;oncentrale more 
on winning than on playing the 
game." 

Kristen Larson was the final 
Trito:1 to earn All-American hon-
ors. Westfall , a freshman, was 
named honorable mention AlI -
American. 

The Tritons advanced to the fi-
nals by defeating Cal 11 -3 and 
Bucknell 14-5 both on Friday night. 
aturday afternoon. UCSD Illoved 

past Slippery Rock (PA) 11 -7 and 
UC Santa Barbara 12-4. 

Slippery Rock fini shed third in 
the tournament and UCSB placed 
fourth. 

Dailey and Parker were both 
named first-team All-Collegiate, 
:lOd Reiton and Larson were named 
second-team All-COllegiate. 

~~*~~~~~~~~~ 
$ $ 
l/)((r I)fJiali dot 1Illilrit prilltel: 

Which prlre looks better to you? 
Let~ f<K:e it. The nm im- Its compact (at just13"x 5"x 8;' it filS easily 

pressive )OOf papers aJ'd in Ule most cr.unped dorm room). Its quiet (so 
~ look, the more im- quiet you am print at.3 a.m. without waIting 
pact)OOf deas will have. up }UIJ" roommate). 

'Mlidl is'AiTy)OO m~llWdllt kJ koo.v aiJoot And ilsfromA\lk,oo;igned 10 1ft everything 
Ulenew AflI*' ~printer.11 gM!s)OO rut of a Mt'¥:intosh' romputer UlatApplc '-
~,Iaser-~ty pri~ for about what ~I(j buillinto it Not ~l'it Ule power to look • 
expect to P<1Y for a del matrix prinJer: )OOf beit. 'n"1C (lOI'Ier kJ be }Utlr beit~ • 

L.Jl SI I 
tt( ")( ) ..... .. I t )1': I 

AVAILABLE AT 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 
OPEN: MON· FRI BAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

~ ,--------------- WITH COUPON_ --------------, ~ 
7!~~ Introducing SurtsKle's International Btllet leatumg tile best value and finest ingredients fJ~\ I INCREDIBLE! ~ 

~ • ~alian • Chinese. Mexican. Pasta's ~ ~; • Fresh Fruit Bar • Soup & Salad Bar • Desserts & More 'lJ\' 
~I ~A e~ ~ --~=~:~~~~~:~~~~=----- ---~~~~~~-j ~~ ~ ALSO AVAILABLE : CHICKEN, RIBS & SEAFOOD ~ 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Come to Friday's ·Internatlonal Cafe· lor 
good food and company, BuHellunch served 
at the International Center every Friday I 1:30-
1:30 p,m" $2 at Ihe door, All students, 
SChOlars, staff wetcome,(5I2-5I20) 

When seconds count, breathe a little easier 
With MICRO-MED, Ihelnicrofllm medical 10 
card that could possibly sa~e your Iofel 
MICRO,MED IS an asset to e~eryone's life-
young/old, il1lwell. Call Gabrielle (6 19)546-
80 I 4,(512-5120) 

UCSD's FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 
SALE, Apparel Designer Zone offers you 
50%-90% OFFI See the ad In this issue or 
call the hotline 450-3323, Top styles for lessl 
(4129-616) 

Yaklmo Japanese Restaurant grand 
opening speclalalll Lunch startingat53,99, 
dinner starting at $4,75 See Guardisndisplay 
ad for more detalfs and FREE Susno coupon, 
Close 10 UCSD In Vons shopplnll center on 
Regents Rd, 452-4255, (5113 ,616) 

SAYOY CHINESE RESTAURANT - lunch 
specials e~ery day for $3,95, 50% off any 
second a la carte dish wilh GuarcJian display 
ad, Greal food , low prices, close to campus, 
495-9139. (5113-616) 

Chinese study program, Language courses 
Fall 1991 . Chinese Studies I I A-B·C, 21 A-
B, ", A-B, 121 A-B Call 534-64nlormore 
Info, (Sl l 3-Sl20) 

PsychiatriC Centers needs market research 
onlern for pubhc relalions. Pays $5Ihr. Call 
ASIO, 534-4689, nowl (Sl16-Sl23) 

Further inslghls Into U.S. Invol~ement In the 
Middle East; an update on Chrlstic Institute's 
lawSUII over La Penca, Nicaragua, bombing 
Imphcatlng U.S. govt officials In corruption 
and murder, and diSCUSSion of October 
Surprose, the secret deal made by Reagan! 
Bush election team with Iranians to hold back 
U S hostages until alter the election in order 
to defeat Carter, Guest speaker; Proest, Bill 
DaYls, May 20, Unotarlan Fellowship, 10:16 
Solana Dr .. Solana Beach , 7:30 p.m. 
Donation. 272-5974 fOllnformallon (5126-SI 
20) 
Intern needed: PsychiatriC, clinical work at 
Naval S1allon Great expeflence. Apply nowl 
Call ASIO, 534-46891 (Sl l 6·5123) 

The Undergraduate Physics Research Center 
and Egghead Software present the lorstannual 
Egg-Drop competl~on Wednesday, May 22 
at high noon, Urey Hall east Side. DeSign a 
deVICe to protect an egg as II falls from death · 
defrylng heights T-shirts for all entrants and 
prizes for winners. Pick up entry forms at 
2135 WLH (south Side) or call x48826 for 
more info. (5120) 

Kappa Kappa Gamma Wishes every 
panlClpallng fraternllY and sorollty the best of 
luck dUling Greek Weeki (5120) 
Fun In the sunl Be a part of the TRIB 10 5k 
or 10k runlWalk for Illeracy on June 9 Irom 
Balboa Park 10 Embarcadero Park in 
downtown San Diego. Post-race celebration 
with free eats, drinks, music, and prozes , 
Entry fee includes souvenor t-shlrt. Sign up 
nowl Call 275-5440 lor more information. (51 
20-616) 

Anyone interested In Dreaming and Lucidity 
come to the Grove Cale Monday at 9 p.m, 
450-6765. (5120) 

More Greek Week fun to come: BBO and 
bands, competitions, dance-a-thon, and All 
Greek Partyl (5120) 

Golden Key membors - free pizza and 
meeting Tuesday, May 21 at6 p.m .. at Round 
Table. (5120) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl - Electrologist: 1200 to I SOO hairs 
per hour, 3256 Holiday Courl. Student 
Discounts. 558-46441226-' 962. (411 -616) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments_ The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The l1CSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p,m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including hut not limited to companionship ads . For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive , 0316, Lalol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topf/oor, 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5,95, While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near SI. Germains, 452·9949, (1/22·61 
6) 
DISSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS, For Information call Post 
Graduate Group, 985-0426. (4/1-616) 

Success, your party I Professional bartenders 
drink secrets $1. SASE 8837 Flanders Dr .. 
SO. 92126. 693-3153.{5I9-Sl20) 

Awesome deals at Mira Mesa Self Storage 
- Student specials Include: get a thlfd month 
FREE when you pay for two or FREE truck 
and driver to move you with reservatIOns. All 
ground flOor unds - close to campusl 453-
0511 . (5113·616) 
MACINTOSH Computer Services: Take the 
worry and hassle out of Ilxing or uflQradlng 
your computer We specialize In 
troubleshooting and repairing of Mac systems: 
power supply, floppy/hard dri~e, logic 
problems, memory upgrades, 51 2KE to plus 
upgrades, peripherals, more. 12+ years 
computer experoence Froendly, expert , 
honest, rehable seNice at reasonable prices. 
Call us lorst· ERICTRONICS, 581 -2339. (SI 
16-5128) 

Don't wall unlil the last minutelll Package 
and ship your Ihlngs home at The Packaging 
Store Packaging supploes. mO~lng boxes, 
custom crallng and packaging Close to 
campus in La Jolla 454 -9680. (Sl l 3-616) 

Word Processing: Papers, dissertations, 
manuscripts, special projects. Lowest rates. 
Pick· up & delivery, Lu 234-5433. (Sl16-616) 

Word Processing, 4.0 English Skills, term 
papers, experienced d,ssertallons, 7 -day 
week, rush lObs 755-2683. (Sl16·611) 

Word processingltyping services. 
Professional quality, reasonable. Call 566· 
9096. (5I20·5I30) 

Editor - copyeditlng or rewllting at hourly 
rate. Impro~e your manuscripl. article, or 
proposal. Call 286-3699. (SIlO) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Expellenced, 
Word processing with edoting lor reports, 
manuscripts, resumes, dissertations and 
lellers, Student rates. Modem. Laser printer, 
9-7 Monday thru Friday. Weekend 
appointments. 753·5964. 1521 SummiIlAve., 
Cardiff , (5120) 

WANTED 

NHdcash? W. dell_I Domino'. PIzzI is 
now hiring for all positions. Management 
opportunities avaJlable. Complete training 
program, if you are 18 years old, have a ~alid 
drivers license, auto insurance, an excellent 
driving record, and access to a car, you can: 
Earn up to $10/ hr. (total comp.) Enjoy the 
freediom of being on the road . work flexible 
hours. APPLY TODAYI Domino's Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. 452-UCSD. Please 
apply aner 3 p,m, (", 0-616) 
GREAT SUMMER JOBI Eam $7thr on our 
calhng staff. Call The Pacific Group, 563· 
2000. (Sl13' 5I30) 
Hyperlearning Intern, ( to- IS hrslwk) 
BUSiness/education oroemed student 10 help 
With data entry/gen. offoceJbusiness work. 
Wllhng to leam basic accounting system. 
Ouahhcatlons: Max experience, energetic, a 
bit perfectionlsuc. S6/hour, flextime. 455· I 000 
till mldnile. John. (5113-5123) 
Child care needed in Del Mar, Mon and Fri . 
3:30-7.00 & Sal. 8-3. Start 6115. Own car. 
755·6172. (Sl16-6/6) 
ResponSible, experienced childcare desired 
lor 2 children, 4 and 5. Some days, evenongs, 
weekends, Transportation a plus , 
References. Call Patllcia, 456-6281. (5116-
5128) 
ALASKA EMPLOYMENT-Fisheroes. Earn 
$5000+/month. Free transportation I Room & 
Board! Over 8,000 openings. No experience 
necessary. Male or Female, Foremployment 
program. call Student Employmenl SeNices 
at 1 -206-298-3691 ext. 80. (SlI6-5I30) 
Career opportunity through popular new aglj 
natural body prodUCIs. Skin, hair, nail, health 
& wellness, 738·0230. (Sl16-5I20) 
Jobs for the enVIronment. Leading SD d tizen 
organizallon has immediate openings. Help 

preser~e the quality of life and the 
environment Flex. Hrs, good pay wlbonuses. 
Call 292-904 I (511 6-5120) 
Talk on the phone, make money. make the 
world a beller place. Call Randy 292-5266. 
(Sl16-5120) 
Llve-In-attendant needed for '91 -'92. ON 
CAMPUS, Disabled student needs help wi 
personal care 2-5 hrslday . Female , 
nonsmoker preferred. 458·9748 Julie. IIpply 
Today. (Sl16-5I23) 

MUSIC MAJORS NEEDED for music study 
Involving listen ing to and rating musical 
selections. Pays $5 for 45 minutes. Call Mitch 
at 457-0239. (5I20-5126) 

Babysitter needed during summer. 4 and 7 
year-old girls, Del Mar, evenings, weekends, 
references. Cail 793-0570. (5I2O-5I30) 

House deanerSljanitors. 55 per hour and upl 
Pan time or full time, day or night shifts, no 
experience necessary . Reliable 
transportation , phooe, good references. Call 
259·8731 , 8a.m.-5 p.m, Mooday thru Friday, 

lea~e message, (5120-616) 

Roughing It Day Camp in SF Eastbay hiring 
for summer '91 , Positions: Sports, outdoor 
ad~ .. horseback riding, waterfront, swim dir., 
and counselors for boys group. Exper. refs. 
Call 415-283-3795. (5120) 

FOR SALE 
Sale: Sofa, Dining Table, Corner Tables, 
EntertainmeniCabinet, Chest Younamethe 
price1453·2707 Charles.(5I9-5I20) 

Trek 610 road/touring bike, Shimano 600 
21·, $200 000. Bel. 458-9356, (5I13-5I20) 

'82 Toyota Supra, automatic, tully loaded, 
AMlFM cass, ArC, sunroof. Well maintained 
two-owner car, $5200. 558-5n9, call any 
time, (5/1 3-5120) 

Airline ticket: San Diego to Indianapolis. 
MemoriaVlndy 500 weekend. Depart 5123, 
return 5127. $438. 534 -5128. (Sl13-5I20) 

Monday, May 20,1991 

RANCHO BERNARDO Mint 2BR, 2BA. 
double garage. Huge patio, great view, 
Fireplace, AC, Club, 451 -2954, (Sl13-5I20) 

MORRISSEY FLOOR TICKETSI5I30 at SO 
Sports Arena. 4 available. Calt 558·5753, 
ask lor Brian. Lea~e message If not hOme, (51 
16-5120) 
'87 Yamaha 125 Scooter. Been well 
maintalned. $950. 259--8955. Abe. (Sl16-51 
30) 
85 BLACK JEEP CJ-7 LOADEDI Low miles. 
3-inch lift kit. Snow tires. Min 272-8039. (51 
16·5130) 
MORRISSEY TICKETSI4 Floor and 4 Lower 

Le~el seats, $SO - $60 each. 459-3286. (51 
16-5123) 
SAN FRANCISCO (Oakland): Round-trip 
ticket, Memorial Dey weekend, Thursday 
night- Tuesday morning, $88. 558-6602. (51 
16-5120) 

Moving Sale: Fullsize futon with pine frame 
$75 abo; computer desk $30 abo; draftinG 
table $60 abo; wooden deck-chairs $SO abo; 
directors chairs S20 abo ; Coffee table & end 
table $80 abo; large matching couch $75 
abo; TV-table SIS abo; oak bookcases $20 
abo; various glassware and crystal; lamps 
$10 & $20. Call now 587-9357, (Sl16-5I30) 
Summer Funl88112 Samurai JX - under 
15k miles, $5900. Can Heidi , day 534-6444, 
eve 272-1585. (5120-5128) 
Schwinn RacIng DIIce, "Wortd Sport· edition, 
phooe Marcel at 276-1960. (5120-5130) 

For Sale: Kenmore washer/dryer. Excellent 
condition. $ 100 each obo. Cootact Randy at 
453-6130, (5120·5123) 
MORRISSEY TICKETS, floor. and bottom 
terrace, Sports Arena. May 30th. $50-$75 
obo, 587-8612, (5120-5123) 

'82 red Toyota Tercel, 5-speed, sunroof, amt 
fm cass, alc, runs greati $2300 abo. 546-
9047. (5120-5123) 

MORRISSEY Tlcketsll Excellent seats for 
May 30th at the SD Sports Arena. Call Michele, 
535-9219. (5120-5128) 

MORRISSEY tickets I 4 lawn seats for 611 
Pac. Ampitheatre. $45 abo. (619) 558-0719. 
(5I20-5/28) . 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut, 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra, 
Full service prices reg, $21-$26, 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists, To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays, WANTED 100 PEOPLE We Will pay you to lose 1 0-29 Ibs. in30days. 1-600-347-7584.{5I 

2·5120) AnENTION 
FOREIGN 
STUDENTS" 
VISITING 
SCHOLARS 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T·W·T 9-8 pm 

Idnko'S· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Padflc Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

THE LAW OFFICE OF HOWARD 
HOM, Los Angeles, is pleased 
to announce the expansion of 
his immigration law practice to 
San Diego, in partnership with 
Gail A. Dulay, 

DULAY & HOM 
11D West · C· Street 
The Chamber BUilding 

19th Floor 
San Diego, CA 92101 

(619) 237·5032 
Mr, Hom tS a former Tnal Attorney with 
the U.S. Immlgratoon and Naturaloza-
tion Service and IS a certified Immgra-
tlon Law SpecialiSt. State Bar of Califor-
nla, Ms, Dulay isa formerDeputyPubioc 
Defender, County of San Diego. ll'e 
office provides a free consultatJOn, and 
Saturday appointments are avaolabie. 

.. lAia 
Gr\APFliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr, • La Jolla , CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph 's, SavOn) 

CO~EX 
50 _.(N'0 V A LLEY 

11123 Pacli: ~ IIMI .. SIt , J 
Soon DIego, CA 112121 . 

Desktop Publishing 
• Technical papers and theses 
• Reports 
• Resumes 

High Quality Copying 
• Manuals 
• Documents 

Graphic services • Offset printing 
. Bindery seriYC8S 

4522121 

Monday, May 20,1991 

Must sell. PrOlour, metallic blue, men's, 19-
Inch, 1'O-sp8ed bicyCle , $25. Karen. 558-
8023. (5120) 

Twin bitd, excellent condition, complete set. 
brand new. Must sell , $1 25 obo. 453-5946. 
(5120-5123) 

CAEAP roundtrop ticket to Phoenix or Tucson. 
Memorial Day weekend. $80 abo, MARC, 
453·5387. (5120-5123) 
For sale - one Morrissey ticket. 5130 show. 
$35 abo, good seat. Call 457-3736 (SIlO) 

REPOSSESSED AND IRS FORECLOSED 
HOMES available at below market value. 

Fan~stic sa~ings. You repair. Also S&L 
bailout propert ies. Call (805) 682-7555 Ext. 
H-I 443 for repo list your area. (5I20) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4-wheelers, 
motorhomes, by FBI, IRS, DEA. Available 
your area now, Call (805) 682-7555 Ext. C· 
1199. (5120) 

HOUS!NG 
Want to make money while you are out of 
town this summer? Rent your house , 
apanment or part thereof to responsible law 
students who Will be clerking at Seltzer Caplan 
Wilkins and McMahon in San Diego. Please 
call Maria Madas at 294-2801 , extension 
135 for further information. (411 -6/3) 

AAA R<>OMMATE HOTLINE 24HR INFO 
SERVICE. For details and to listfree - 527-
4045. To gel listings dial 1-900·844-NITE 
(6483) .(5I2-616) 

Four bedroom townhouse for rent 5 miles 
from campus. S350/month/room. Utilities 
included. 457-0295.(519-616) 

Want to live In Hillcrest? Room for rent In 
groovy house! Washer. small yard, close to 
shuttle, super-central, water paid: $325 a 
month ($300 Deposit) . Call 295-2225 

E~nlngs. (519-6/6) 

BEATTHE HEA TTHISSUMMER. Cool room 
(norlh·facingwindow) in3·brhouse, 112 block 
from Mira Mesa Mall (Vons, Sa~-on,etc) . 
Amenities galore: washer/dryer, microwave, 
cable, Ig kitchen, backyard, Ig garage, plenty 
o'storage space, cat. $2851mo, a~ailable 
when you are (Mayor June) to Sept. 1. Call 

Ste~e 569-7417, (519-5120) 

Summer Sublet. Penthouse condo, Many 
amenities and near C8fll)US, Lrg. Master 
$475, single $350. 455-0261 .(519-5120) 

Roommate needed in a 2-story, 3BD condo 
off of Carmel Valley Road (611) . All amenities 
-washer/dryer, dishwasher, fireplace, pool! 
jacuzzi, patio. No deposit or last! $3251nnonth 
plus 114 utilities. No smokers. Prefer neat and 
clean. Call Tessie at 481-8650. (519-5/30) 

For rent : Master bedroom in 2-story 
townhouse. WasterlDryer, Dishwasher, pool , 
cable, within I mile of campusl A~ailable 
June 15- Aug. 31. $3801month + 1/3 electric 
bill or share for S2ooapiece, Contact Brennan 
or Geoff at 535-0744. (519-5120) 

Own room in Iriendly, quiet Clairemont house, 
Con~enient, safe neighborhood. 4 bedroom, 
2 bath, washer/dryer, firepface. A~ailabfeJune 
13, $2231month. Call 54f-2073, (SlI3-5I20) 
3BD, 1.5 BA condo for rent near UTC. 
Spacious (for4-5peop1e) $1 100. Park, pool , 
patio, near UCSDlbuslines. Available mid· 
June. Call 453-7022, (SlI3-Sl28) 

Panially fumished master bedroom a~ai1able 
!or2femalesin 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath LJ condo 
for 91 ·92 schoOl year (Sept-June). Quiet 
complex has 3 pools, spa, on bus route , close 
to LJ Village Square. off Gilman Dr. $3450 
each for schoOl year plus 1/4 utilities. Deposit 
required In June, No smOking/no pets , 

,Jennifer, 450-2977. (5/13-5120) 

Live at the beach I Nine month rentals. Many 
to choose from, 3 bedroom/ 2 bath, 2 bedroom, 
plus olhers. 483-3534. (Sl13·Sl23) 

Room in P.BJLaJolia for summer: 1 I weeks' 
(June 28- Sept 14) for $1050 (95 per week) 
including utilities. Close to beach, bus, stores. 
Large house wnaundry. Ric 488·9905, (5116-
616) 

Furnished room for rent this summer: mid-
June to mid-September. $3001mo + 1/4 

util~ies . 549-7818. (Sl16-5I20) 

UTC NEAR YONS. Own room, WID, parking 
space, pool. deseto bus stop & malls. 531 6.67 
+ t /3 utilities. Female Preferred. A~ail5l6/91 -
8125191 , Evenings 558-1 063 Hiroko. (5I16-SI 
23) 

2 Single rooms in Uni~. City a~ai1ab1e 6116, 
laundry, pool , $3251mo Summer Sublet. Anne 
552-1357. (5116·5130) 

UnivCity3 Bdrm I 112 Bath close to campus, 
pool, washer/dryer, canyon view $ I loo/mo, 
558-2670, (5It6·5/30) 
Female roommate wanted: Del Ma-, own 
room, share bathroom, $312. Now tiH June 
30, 793-0802. (5116-5.'20) 

Room for rent on La Jolla Shores. 2 min. walk 
to campus, Walking distance to beach, Open 
for August, possible pan of Sept. $37S1month 
plus 114 utilities. Call 558-2218, (5120) 

Roommate wanted In Pacific Beach/La Jolla. 
Non·smoker for spacious 4BR house near 
ocean, starting 711 . all amonities, lun friendly 
atnnospllere, $380, last mooih, 114 utilities. 
Call 534·5U7, leave message. (5120-5123) 
Roommate wanted - single room $316.671 
month plus 1/3 utilities. Non-smoker , 
Clairamont, available 611 , dogIcat, 270-7463. 
(5120-5130) 
2 large rooms for rent o~er the summer and 
one for Fall in spacious condo next to UTC. 
Own bathroom, patio, walk-in closel. poof 
and carport for $350 per month for each 
room. Call 558-6768 and ask lor Gloria or 
Young. (5120-5/30) 
La Jolla, walk to UCSD. $1 200/mo .. 3 
bedrooms, 2.5 bath , 3-4 people. A~ailable 61 
" 757-4268. (5120·5123) 
$1 150, 3 bedrooms, 7933 Camino Glonta, 
laundry, dishwasher, garage, 3-4 persons. 
available Sept. 1,757-4268. (Sl20·5130) 

Room available in beautiful Uni~ersity City 
house only minutes from campus, Pool , 
iacuzzi. 2 fireplaces, basketball court, washer/ 
dryer. Plentiful parking. $400 plus 114 utilities. 
453-7610. (5120-5128) 

Crickets at night, sunny window In the 
morning, vie" of the canyoo._. $3OOmonthfy 
(share $1 SO x 2), Own big room, huge closet , 
furnished, pool in complex, carport, grounds 
keeping, S minutes to UCSD. available now. 
CALL IMMEDIATELY, Eric, 452-9407. (51 
20-616) 

Three rooms a~ailable in four bedroom 
townhouse. Three bathrooms, washer/dryer, 
dishwasher , microwa~e, garage , and 
swimming pool. Walk 10 school. Near bus 
stop. Available in mid·early September. $350/ 
room/month plus 114 utiUties. No water fees , 
1 month deposit. Cait457-0304. (5120-616) 

Townhouse for rent: July I ·Sept. 1. 4 bed-
room , 2.5 bathrooms, pool, sundeck, plus 
more l Between Gilman and La Jolla Scenic, 
$1800 includes water. Looking for better offer. 
Call 458-5921 or 587·8274 , (5120) 

Room to sublet , mid·June to August or 
September, in North Mesa Apts. Close to 
campus and cheap tool Asking $240 including 
utilities. CaiI45O-2157. (Sl20-5I28) 

Big master bedroom in big condo. $390/mo, 
near Vans, bike to UCSD. Personal bath, 
pool, balcony and much more ... A~ai1able 
mid June, Call for details, Pete, 452-2807, (51 
20-5123) 

Spacious 4 bedroom house with pool and 
jacuzzi in your own backyard, Duplex, 
University City , $2200. 459-2935. (5120) 

Large 4 bedroom house I Walk to beach and 
village market. Huge backyard . La Jolla 
Shores, $3000. 459-2935. (5120·5128) 

Roommate wanted , MlF to share or have 
own room. Lg. conoo in La Jolla. Laundry, 
garage, pool. fireplace, summer only, 
available 7/1-9115. $29Oimo. plus 115 utilities. 
Cyndi, 450-1856. (5120-5123) 

Summer rental (or longer): 3 bedroom condo 
near UCSD, nice and roomy, $1 150/month, 
call 558-6368. (5120-6/6) 

Roommate wanted (male or female) to have 
own room in spacious La Jolla townhouse. 
Beautiful comple. with 2 pools. ideal location. 
Available 6120191 . $300 plus util ities. Call 
552-3465. (5120-5123) 

Condo for rent, Avail 6116, near Vons, 3BRI 
2 Bath. Pool. $1050. Call 452-7567. (5120-6/ 
3) 

Looking for a place to Ii~e next year? Plan 
aheadl l need a female roommate to share a 
two bedroom lUXUry condo, close to campus. 
PooVjacuzzi, washer/dryer, dishwasher, plus 
much more! $4 50 per month plus 112 utilities. 
Available 911 . Call Kristine, 558-4724. (5120-
5130) 
CHEAP RENT I $281 .50/month plus 113 
utilities. Own room avail. June 1, UTC, creative 
people. Kate, 452-2027. (5120·5128) 
2 rooms for rent in 4 bd house. Furnished. 
niclI year, wId, N. Clairemont, 565-8536. (SI 
20-5128) 

Need a place to stay th is summer? Share a 
master bedroom in a great house in De! Mar. 
Close to beach and state reser~e , All 
appliances, great backyard with a hot tUb. 
Want more information? Call Christine at 
458-1683, (5120-5123) 

Condo available 6115 , 3 bedroomJ3 bath, 2 
story, pool, spacious. $11 SOImooth. 455-
7883, Pasha. (5120·5123) 
Wanted: Maleifemale, own room, fumished 
condo, n_ UCSD g.rage, washer/dryer, 
dishwasher, pool, jacuzzi, etc. $340 plus 1/4 
utilities. Available 6115 for summer, Call Kim, 
546-11131. (5120-5123) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Share a two bedroom, two bath apt. Available 
only for July and August. Pool , iacuzzl. Near 
UTC, All lor only $400/month . Female 
preferred. Call 457-4612. (Sl20-613) 

Furnished master bedroom for t or 2, own 
bath , Pool, 6115·8/31 , Near campus, 558-
8644. (5I20) 

LOST AND FOUND 
ATTN : J, Kelly Anderson: Please contact 
452·0650 regarding your HP Calculator. (SI 
16-5120) 

Found 5110 - pull-out car stereo in Price 
Center. Call to 10. Mark. 558·3112. (5120·51 
28) 

LOST Ray Ban Wayfarersunglasses at Bruce 
G.'s exhibit. Call 457-3736, thanks! (5I20) 

PERSONALS 
Kappa Kappa Gamma wishe s every 
partic ipating fratemity and sorority the best of 
luck during Greek Week! (5I20) 

Need cash? We buy CDs, tapes, videos. 
Musictrader7094 Miramar Rd, 693- I 469. (41 
22-6/6) 

UCSD's FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING 
SALE. Apparel Designer Zone offers you 
50%-90% OFF! See the ad in this issue or 
calilhe hotline 450-3323. Top stytes for lessl 
(4/29-616) 

Chinese study program. Language courses 
Fall 1991. Chinese Studies 11 A-B·C, 21 A-
B, 111 A-B, 121 A-B. Call 534-64nlormore 
info. (5Il 3·Sl20) 

Position open: Fifth Residence Life special 
programs intern. Referral/application at 
Career SeNices. Due 5124. (Sl13-5I23) 

King Ubu - LIGHTS OUTI Clean my toochie 
tool Whewl OZ was spectacular I Temperl-
Elizabeth (5120) 

Albert. Webster - Sa~e the pizza order. I 
wouldn 't want to trouble Domino's - Love 
you, Ebee, (5120) 

Zoonie - Prey tell ! What were you expecting 
to find? A life? E.Z.I- Bonkers. (5120) 

Piaget - Lesson No. 232. You owe me a 
beer I I owe you twol- Pasqual. (5120) 

Camile - What color are you today? Do you 
get stuff discount? - X.O .. Xene . (5120) 

TKE Frank - My Brol Hang tight. 29 and 
counting - Love always, Cara. (5120) 
Position open: Intemational House newsletter 
editor Referra l/application at Career 
SeNices. Due 5124. (5120-5123) 

Incredible L.A. getaway I 2 nights from $69,95 
in the heart of Westwood or Beverly Hills! 
Breakfast included. Pool, free parking, 
charming European -style hotels. Walk to 
theaters, shops, restaurants, UCLA. (213) 
474·4506. (5/20-5/23) 
Desperately seeking 1986 Magnavox 
Vldeowriler. Will pay S to print paper oul. Cal l 
Lori, 481 -5369. (Sl20) 

Hey Greeksl Let's iam with the bands 
tomorrow and get psyched for Greek Week 
competitions I (5120) 

To IFC and Panhellenic, Ha~e a good lime 
dancing the night away for YMCA. cheers, 
Alpha Omicron Pi. (5120) 

To the Greek Week Commillee, 1\ was an 
exciting Greek Olympicsl Zeus and Hera 
would be so proud. Can't wail til next year. 
Love, Alpha Omicron Pi , (Sl20) 

YO,KappaKappaGammaandAlphaOmicron 
;>1. Get ready to flex Ihose awesome muscles 
at footbal ll Your e~er loving linebacker, Killer 
Carino. (5120) 
Hey Sigma Nu, SAE, and AOPi - Get 
psyched lor our talent show, Have fun , lun, 
fun It Lo~e , Ingrid. (Sl20) 

Portola Stud - The funny in class on Thurs. 
sent me right to the moon - Serra, (Sl20) 

Jaff - Oulta' the bag yet? But we did enjoy 
it. Barkl Barkl- Carrie , Louis, Glen. (Sl20) 

Peejay - Set-up! Burp! OOOOPSI Dinner 
off? -Always late, Gee Gee, (5120) 
Tilan - Dudel Surf is up! Orgasmic heights 
like none other on the sunl - Kathie. (5120) 

Graduatfng? Parents coming? Here's a deal 
you truly deserve: call the Shell Beach Motel 
or the La Jolla Cove Motel, Beautiful rooms 
witn wild Prospect SI. in back, the Cove in 
froot, a great time all around I UCSD visltor 
specials year-round, Call 45~ (Shelf 
B4IIch) 01'459-2621 (L.J. Cove), (5120-5128) 
Kappa Kappa Gamma wishes every 
participating fratemlty and sorority the bast of 
luck during Greek Weald (5120) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

MeAT! 
The new-format MeAT is here, We offer the most intensive 
commercial prep course for this test in the country. If you are 
taking the MCAT in Fall, you should know more about us_ 
Our company is called Hyperluming, founded in 1988 by a 
group of UCSO, Berkeley, and MIT graduates dedicated to 
accelerated sciences instruction. We started our MCA T 
program at UCSD one year ago, then expanded to UC Irvine, 
and now have classes at UCLA this summer, 
Our philosophy is based on relearning rather th~ reviewing, 
When learning complex MCAT skills, it is our position that you 
need extensive personal contact with true ClijIerts who are full 
time teachers, not a survey-level course! About our program: 
• fjve dqll' q w«k (Sunday through Thursday), ~r tm wecb. 
• Over 1,200 pllges of fOCNKd rroiew milterillls lind slImpk tests, 
• Over 140 hONes of in-c/Qss problem solving lind review! 
• Truly tJtce/lmt, full·time j"strwtors, 1111 with prestigious thgrWJ 

i" tluir specilllty, who lire origi .. IIII1Nthors of tlte mllterilll tluy 
teach (gellred e .. tirel!! to the!KW formqtMCAT, 

• Never morr thll .. 24 Studt"t, ill II"!! clIISS , TOIllI course fus: $595 
Us, (455-1000), the MCAT Review Course (456-4848), and Kaplan (277-
6744) all have prep programs in the local a;-ea . Before you plunk 
down hundred. of doU~1"I for ~ (OUl'1le, nIl ~lVund ind lei the tids. 

Rfgistr~tion Marted April 10th, CUi.lfa .tart July 7th. Enrollment is 
limited. For info (10am-midnite) call : (619) 455-1000 AU. ____ 1 ____ .. __ 
/711 JJ-I~I ·/~t::Il ., III '!:I 
FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501 /S 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS $125-$139 (new) 
FUN,FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALECLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M -SAT. 11 to 6:3> • 222-0220 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• Al e Service $25.99· 
• Coolant seNice $25.99' 

• Transmission service $24.99· 
, Brake Special (1 axlel $79,99· 

• mOSt cars 

C " D Auto Care 
OPEN 1 DAYS A WEEK 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

Traffic accidents happen all the time. 
Cars are damaged. People get hurt. But <lId you 

ever really think one would happen to you' 

1·800·\VIIAI NOW 
Yoo might think you'll never 

need it, but here's a phone num-
ber to remember anyway. 

l ·800-WHAT NOW. lfs a direct 
line to the Georggin & Shann law 
office nearest you, and if you're 
ever the innocent victim of a car 
accident, we can help, 

We'l l do all we ca~o get the 
settlement or award you deserve. 
And our fee comes only from 
what we collect for yoo . 

So remember the number. 
1-800-WHAT NOW. Yoo might 
need it someday, 

Auto Accident Attorneys 

Mission VIIey NItIonaI City EI c.jon OcNmide 
2851 c.mino Del Rio S. 1717 ~.ter Rd, 561 N. Ml9noli. /IoIe, 1204 EI CMnino Real 



22 SPORTS 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Sort Lense 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily ga penn. hard Brown eye to blue 

· 'nclude : CL exam, care kit, myopic len es, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, Paraperm, 

(Ofletupiru 6115191) 
CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

• S.rvlce 
• Qu.llt)' Eyeo.re 
• •••• o.abl. Prlea. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 938 Adams Ave. 

MIRA 
MESA 

SELF STORAGE 

SPECIALS! 
Pay for 2 

months and get a 
THIRD MONTH 

FREE 

with student 1.0. 

Call about a 
FREE TRUCK 
I DRIVER 
to move you In. 

EJrty reservations a mustl 

ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
rlp loa ~ c 1011. MESA .evo. Ij; 7044 Flanders Drive 

behind Plaza Sorrento 
Shopping Center 

., 

MIRA ~ 
.. ~:g~ ~GE ~ S t:j 0 N ~ ::> (/) II: 

0 flAHOERS ~ ::l ~ ~ .. o.. IttRAMAR flO. U 
453-0511 

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(/ -5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(1'1°)')." II"') .., ., .. ; .)- .t .. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m . 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

\lISA" • 1', \ .• 

e· K8nda11 
MOIOIGa 

•• _ .... Pl! •• 
K_HIlD .. _ .. 

.... r ftIIIi'Bl!ra 

--------------------IOt¥o OFF 
on all repairs· with this coupon 

"Empt motor and trantmiuioo _rbaul. Not .. lid with any other ccupoo. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 20, 1991 

Tritons on the Fast Track to National Meet 
• Preview: Track's 
best hope may lie in 
individual competition 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

Track and field Head Coach 
Mark Stanforth '. main concern go-
ing into the NCAA Divi ion III 

ational Meet was that the TrilOns 
would wake up on time to depan at 
5:20 this morning. But in all prob-
ability , the team didn't . Iept all 
night. 

Founeen Tritons will travel 10 
Berea. Ohio - ju t out ide of 
Cleveland - for the Divi ion III 
national champion hip . UCSD 
qualified nine women in II events 
and five men in s ix event . "I think 
they' re all well prepared and ready 

GOLF 
Continued from page 24 
championships. 

This year' s NCAAs - which 
stan Tuesday and run through Fri-
day - are being held at the Pete 
Dye-designed. par-71 6,762-yard 
Firethorn Country Club in 
Nebraska's capi tal city. 

Any golfer who knows his 
course designers knows that Pete 
Dye is a name that strikes fear into 
the hearts of mortal men. espe-
cially those with golfclubs in hand. 
Dye's courses have been called 
everything from unfair to uncon-
ventional and all contain certain 
insidiou "trademark" holes -
most notably par threes that re-
quire 200-yard carrie over water 
to "island" greens. 

Firethom is no different. as it 
features just such a hole, the par 
three 17th which requires a 190-
yard shot over water to a green that 
has a lake running down the entire 
left ide of the hole. 

In addition to Firethorn's nasty 
design, there eems to be a con-
stant, 15-20 mile per hour wind 
blowing over the ebra ka plain . 
making an already difficult layout 
play even harder. And , if that 
wasn't enough, the outer reaches 
of the course are laden with what 
the locals call "buffalo grass" that 
grows three feet tall. 

"I f you hit in that stuff you'\I 
either lose your ball or wish you 
had," Wydra commented. 

Nonetheless, Wydra doe not 
think that his learn is all that fazed 
by the nas ty gimmickry of 
Firethom because they 've run into 

-

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Scott Sargeant 

to go." Stanforth aid,"The women 
hould be in the top five. If [the 

menl have a big meet, they could 
get in the top 10." 

Stanforth predicts that more 
than a couple Triton wi 11 earn AII-
American honors at the m·~et. The 

Paul NorqulstJGusrdisn 
Head Coach Mike Wydra 
Pete Dye before. Before leaving 
for Nebra ka, Wydra had his team 
playing almo t every day on San 
Diego' Rancho Santa Fe Farms 
Golf Club, another Dye course that 
bears striking resemblances to the 
Nebraska layout. "Having played 
Ranch Santa Fe, the guys knew 
what toexpectgoing into this tour-
nament," Wydra noted. 

If the practice round is any indi-
cation, however, competitors from 
other schools didn't have it so 
lucky. "When we played our prac-
tice round [Sunday) we saw a lot of 
guy [onotherteam )havea rea~ly 
hard time out there," he aid. 

"In fact some of them did so 
badly, I think they were ready to 
ign their suicide notes on the 18th 

green." 
Wydra also thinks that the ten-

dency to hoot "big numbet "on 
Firethom may make this year' s 
national more up for grabs than it 
appears to be. Going into the tour-
nament. Methodist College (NC) 
is. according to Wydm. "the pro-
hibitive favorite to win it all" but 
the Tritons' coach is by no means 

Tritons' best chances lie with the 
likes of Shannon Quigley, who has 
finished either first or second in 
both the shot put and the discus in 
each of the last two years. Team-
mate Debbie Hargrove has thrown 
in the top three or four in discus all 
year. 

Erica Wa hington ha clocked 
in among the top three in Division 
III in both the 100 and 200 meters. 
Scott Sargeant is a prohibitive fa-
vorite in the hammer, as well as 
mnking among the top four in the 
nation in the di cu . 

While Stanforth remains opti-
mi tic about the team 's chances, 
he's almost more enthusiast ic about 
the individual pro pects. "r think 
any ofthem . .. stand a good chance 
of coring or being AIl-American," 

See TRACK, Page 11 

giving up hope of bringing home a 
national title . 

"The great thing about Firethom 
is that it's the great equalizer," he 
aid. " (t 's so tricky and difficu lt 

that, anyone, no matter how good 
they are, can have a really big 
score and bring themselves back to 
the re t of the field." 

Wydra also believes that hi s 
Tritons are peaking at just the right 
time, especially his top three of 
senior captain Devin Thomas. Dale 
Abraham, and Matt Stottern. The 
Triton five is rounded out by num-
ber-four man Jeremy Moe and se-
nior Bob Knee. 

Stottern 's game has made the 
most recent improvement of any 
of the Tritons, as he jumped into 
the top three after barely making 
the traveling squad in UCSD's last 
few dual matches. 

"We made some adjustments in 
Matt's swing and he 's been play-
ing a lot better since then," Wydra 
said. "Devin has also been playing 
extremely well for us and has a 
great chance at making AIl-Ameri-
can." 

Wydra stressed that the key to 
his team' success will be to avoid 
those "big numbers" - hockey 
sticks, snowmen, and the like -
and to play with level heads on a 
potentially frustrating course. 

"The key is to avoid big scores 
without getting too conservative 
[on the courseJ," he said. " If you 
ge t too careful, you can end up 
doing even worse." 

.. Any thing could happen on this 
course and I really think. if we play 
smart , we have a realistic shot at 
winning the whole thing." 

HELP 
FILL 
THIS 

SPACE! 

COFFEE J.l 
OllJ' 

Advertise 
in 

the 
Guardian. 
534-3466 

-

~ 
• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Monday, May 20, 1991 The UCSD Guardian . 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Price Center, Third Floor Confrerence Room A 
All students are welcome to attend. 

THE GODFATHER PART III 
A.S. FILM SERIES 
Thursday, May 23, 7:00, 10:30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
$1.00 only! 

VOICES FROM GAZA 
CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
Friday, May 24, 7:00 pm 
Faustina Solis Hall Room 107 
FREE! 

SOCIETY FOR WOMEN ENGINEERS 
ELECTION AND GENERAL MEETING 
Thursday, May 23, 7-8:30 
Los Angeles Room, Price Center 

BE AN A.S. PARLIAMENTARIAN! 
HELP MAKE THE A.S. MEETINGS GO SMOOTHLY! 
For an application, go to the A.S. Offices, 3rd floor Price 
Center 
Apply beforeMay 22,4:30 pm 
Call 534-4450 for more infonnation 

YOU TOO 
CAN 

HOB-NOB WITH 
THE JETSET 

. 1\ ( '\ ~ ( , 11 I '-. . 1 ) r ( , " I cI ( , 11 t 
(1,11(111('1, ,111<1 ()!Ii('1 \\('II~ 

kll()\\ 11 l)lll(',llJ( 1,](<..,) 

APPOINTMENTS ARE BEING 
MADE TO UC SYSTEM-WIDE 

COMMITTEES 

BEFORE JUNE 14 AT THE A.S. 
(3RD FLOOR PRICE CENTER). 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 
534-4450 

CHANGE UCSD 

.. ....-HWlllll 
IIIH TIl flllm. lVIIITS 

fiR ... I·IItZ 
IIIF 

TIIf'S 
NllIIIIICASfS 
U RIM IIIIIS 
_111111 

c_ons 
LmIIU 

-_n 
'.rAms .... 
lllalfUT .... 

11ft .. fUTIWII. 
•• III fUTIWII. 

III 
... . 
... 

•• 

23 

-



24 PORTS 

BITS & PIECES / PETER KO 

Water Polo, Newton, 
And Chuck Hustle 
J LIST A .FEW OTES: • ongrmulati ns t the U 0 women's water 
p I tcam. II-now, high prabe 
indeed . 

• The allcndan e and the 
cr wd Just go to show that 
U 0 i!>n ' t completely apathelic 
about ~p 11~ . 

o Ander~on Hunt has joined 
the rest of the LV lI tal1ers in 
Ihe B Draft. By my calcula-
lion~ . Ihat l eave~ ju~ t JerT 
Tar~alllan to defect from the cilY 
of ewl n. Waync. nOI J:..~a . 

• cver Ihought I \ 1 ~ee the 
da) that , cott olbaugh and 
ClllIel- K n blauch \ u Id be 
pia ing better than Tim Walla 'h 
and Lou Whi taker. 

• White) Ilcrzog \ay" that he 
wanh to manage agam. Theil: are 
_(I tC.lIll ... 10 ba\cball that shou ld 
h re thcl I' managers ill1llled latc! y. 

o 1'lIlall}, the Red >. 
pitching \ta tT i" coming b,1 'I- to 
Earth. 

a "", so it'" not Ihe pitching. A\ of thl ... \\ce l-em!. the 
Oa~ land A' \ had the \\ 01'\1 ER 
111 the All1erican League. es. 
lower than the') anl-ee\. lust be 
B .I) Area water. 

o Iloward Johnson. Tt.:11 error~. 
Bud. he '\ not a short slop. 

o PCIC Rosc. port\Cash.:r. 
eed I "iI} more'! 

)'e... . Icmo 10 huel- Ilu ... tlc : 
Wa ... n·l Ihal gambling Ihing 
embarra\si ng enough'! 

• Bad sil.!n for Ponland fans . 
haillpionship teams d n' l blo~ 

14-poinl leads. 
• The hieago Bul b 10 k lil-e 

they are aboul 10 make quicl-
w r~ of yet another dyna~1 . 

• Quole from Ihe (11/ Diego 
lIioll: "This is Ihe seventh 

I BA] Iller am.! Ihe six th 
appearance for the lippers." 

Guys , it's not an award. 
• Please lell me that wasn't 

lite l!ect I' "Macho" amacho 
fighling Greg Haugen for the 
WBO junior \: elterweight title. 

H ,\ SEL ' S WI in the Preakness just take~ al/lhe 
drama Oul f the Belmont Stakes. 

• Good Ihing it" baseball 
~eason . I have trouble picturing 
Queen Elizabeth vi ' iting <I 
fo Iball game. 

• I'm nOI so 'ure B bby 
Bealhard was joking when he 
offered Vince oleman a try UI 
as a wide re eiver. 

• HiI' Mal u hita. Remember 
Ih name. He qualified for Ihe 
Indy 500. Ne I week, he ould 
own Ford. 

• Slrike Ihe Gold? Yike . 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 20,1991 

USA WOMEN 'S WATER POLO NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Polo Wins Second Straight THle 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Dawn Ringhand (left) and Brenda Reiton celebrate UCSD's second consecutive national title. 

~ome Sweet Home Looms Large 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Kristen Larson was named a 
first-team All-American. 

Golf Hopes 
Not to Dye 
At Firethorn 
• Preview: Tough 
course helps golf's 
chances at NCMs 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

On the wa t Ihi week's 
NC A Divisi n III national 
golf champion hips in Lincoln. 
Nebraska, UCSD Head oach 
Mike Wydra gave his learn a 
slern warning. 

"Beware the hockey Slicks, 
the nowrnen. and th flamin-
go ," he aid. 

• The biggest decision 
of the tourney may 
have been made three 
months ago when 
UCSD was named host 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Wnter 

At Ihe beginni ng of the year. 
\ hen I D women' s \: ater polo 
Head each Denny Ilarper took a 
breal- 10 I k at the Tritons' up-
coming s 'hedule, he paused when 
he got to the weekend of May 17. 

Saul Levine/Guardian 
Matt Stattern 

Before you recommend that 
Wydra sign up as a cripl writer 

~ r Twill Peaks. iI' very likely 
that thi e il three ome will rear 
ils ugly head at ome point a Ihe 
Triton make their run at the Di-
vi ion UI national champion hip 
this week. 

The weekend of the nalional ham-
pionsh ips. And CS D was the host. 

"We ' re a very. very good leam 
at home. I think that's a factor that 
some team. may underestimate," 
he aid at Ihe time. A month and a 
half later, Harper look s like 

ostradamus. 
Sunday afternoon, UCSD de-

feated the previou Iy unbeaten 
ggie ofU Davi 6-5 in fronl of 

a large and vociferous crowd. The 
Triton and Harper all admilled 
that the support of the home crowd 
helped get their adrenaline pump-

See HOME, Page 17 

Saul Levine/Guardian 
Bob Knee 

In golf lemlinology, hockey 
Slick . snowmen. and flamingo 
represenl score of seven, eighl. 
or nine. re peclively on anyone 
hole and. according 10 Wydra, 
uch big numbers may be a very 

common sight during Ihi week's 
See GOLF, Page 22 

• Women's water 
polo wins a 6-5 
thriller over UC 
Davis for its third 
title in six years 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

lij'M')#i'1 As the game clock 
struck zero Sunday 
afternoon at Can-
yonview Pool. 
UCSD women's 

water polo Head Coach Denny 
Harper raised IWO clenched 
fisl s high into the air and 
sprinted the lenglh of the deck, 
not Slopping until he reached 
the fence. Harper was celebrat-
ing the Tritons' 6-5 win over 
UC Davis, a win which gave 
UCSD it econd national 
champion hip in a many yeaa . 

Harper hardly resisled as hi s 
team gave him his ceremonial 
dunking in the pool, and Ihe 
intense look that he had main-
lained for the three days of the 
USA Women' s Water Polo 

alional hampionships held 
at UCSD Ihis weekend was 
replaced by a smile. " I knew 
[the game] wa. ultimately go-
ing to be clo e," Harper said. 

Close is an under latement. 
The Triton!>. 17-3 entering the 
tournamenl and ranked second 
in the nation behind the 
undefeated Aggies, had 10sIto 
UCD 6-2 at the We tern Quali-
fication Tournamenl at 
Stanford just th lee weeks ear-
lier. But it was apparent from 
Ihe opening sprint on Sunday 
that things would be different 
Ihis time around. 

Playing in front of a large 
and enthusiastic home crowd, 
UCSD appeared inten e and 
ready from Ihe opening min-
ute of play. The Aggies 
weren'l exactly lacking, either. 

See REPEAT, Page 19 

Women's 
Tennis Third 
At Nationals 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's 
lennis team defeated 
Emory University 
(GA) 6-3 Saturday to 
finish in third place at 

Ihe NCAA Division III Women's 
Tennis Team Championships in 
Atlanta. 

Meanwhile, Mary Washington 
College (V A) slid by defending 
national champion Gu slavu 
Adolphu 5-4 to win ils second 
national title. The Eagles won their 
other title in 1988. 

See W. TENNIS, Page 14 


