
OPINION 

RIMAC is die CIOIdIOVer-
sythat'will .. '" Oppo-
nema ~ tried to 
c:oavince the UC Board of 

~ II) delay Iheir . 
approval of fundina for me 

massive~ 
facility. The regents ignoRd 
their plea - and rishtly so. 
RIMAe is a done deal. It's 
much too IaIe for second 
thoughts / p~ 4 

'. 

SPECTACLE 

A He_Hand 
With the help of a global 

grassl'OOll organization 
called the Foundation for 
InternaliqpaI Community 
Assistance (FICA). poor 
women living in Mexico 
and throughOut the Thin1 
World are fOl'lDiDg vii" 
banks to IXOIIlCIfe family 
values, and, of course, 
business / PAIl 51 

SPORTS 

Men's Soccer MII __ 

.t' 

Comedian George Carlin Tours the UCSDCampus 
• High School dropout advises Revelle sopho-
more Jonathon Asch on academics, future 
By EIIc Sct.mIdt 
Associate News Editor 

When perennial anli-establish-
mentcomedian George Carlin sat in 
on a UCSO organic chemistry class 
with Revelle sophomore Jon Asch 
last Friday, he surprised onlookers 
by calling the class "absolutely nec-
essary," 

He later qualified this statement 
in regard to Asch, a political science 
major, "In this class, you can learn 
how to make a firebomb [to use on 
political opponents]," Carlin said. 

Asch won the day with Carlin, 
along with a $5,000 tipend for 
"school supplie ," through cable 
channel Comedy Centml' national 
"George on Your Campu " draw-
ing. 

The eminenlly satirical Carlin 
apparently didn't exactly fit in with 
pre-law student Asch and the local 
administration, or so thought the 
media zoo that followed Asch and 
Carlin around campus all day. 

Carlin, famed for his appearance 
in the "Bill and Ted" movies and 
over 20 years of comedy perfor-
mance, used profane language in his 

career to shake the tatus quo. His 
"Seven Words You Can't Say 011 
TIle Radio" routine offended many 
and landed him in court in the early 
seventies. 

Asch at fi rst appeared withdr.lwn. 
''I'm kmd of nervous," he told re-
porter<; during an early interview. 

Carlin and Asch started the day 
by meeting with Revelle Provo. t F. 
Thoma~ Bond and Dean Ernie Mort. 
When Carlin badgered Mort over a 
"leadership pin" on which Mort's 
name was written. Quipped Carlin, 
"You know, your name could have 
been Mort Ernie, but it isn'lT' 

It was all fun and games for Dean 
Mon,lhough. "Humor', important 
for the student," Mort said. "There's 
an awful 101 of tress al limes. We 
take ourselves much too seriously." 

Somehow, the ninth grade drop-
out comedian got along well with 
theall-too-serious academic. After 
Bond's organic chemistry c1as , 
Carlin and Asch went in for some 
counseling with Revelle academic 
counselor Sarah Spear, who seemed 
happy to help. 

Carlin, in return, complemented 

Carlin and Asch share a quiet moment on a path near the CM Cafe . 
Spear's office, saying "The fern is 
lovely." 

Later, Carlin, Asch, and the me-
dia zoo toured Ihe campus, includ-
ing IheOld Studenl Center, the Price 
Center, the Hump, and the Sun God. 
Carlin wanted to join the long line 
stretching to Soft Reserve , saying 
"You Sland in line a lot here," but 
Asch didn't need another wait. 

The previously quiel Asch 
opened up after touring with the 
extroverted comedian. Carlin "was 
really relaxing," Asch said. " I 10-
tall y got into it after a while, and was 
talking to the TV and reporters." 

Even the staging didn't faze 
Asch, who had never performed 
theatrically before. When the Com-

See CARUN, Page 13 

UC Card System ReplC1(;es Cash for Students 
By EIIc SctnIdt 
Associ_ News Editor 

ited in the system, Long said. The card, unlike credit cards, allows the user 
to spend only what has been deposited into the 
card account. In this way, it acts as a "plastic 

UCSO students can now use their student 1.0. 
cards for more than just on-campus meals. 
Through a new debit card system, students carry-
ing only their lD. card can shop at a number of 
on-campus stores and restaurants. 

Long cited the proven success of the card 
system at campuses across the nation, including 
Duke, USC, and CSU Northridge, among others. 

TIle idea for the system originated two years 
ago when "some students and some parent 
wanted to use the card rather than cash or checks 
- the students wanted it and the vendors wanted 
it," Long said. 

check" on the student 1.0. card., . 
The card can be used at the shops and restau-

rants in the Price Center and at several other 
locations throughout campus. However, stu-
dents cannot use it at the co-ops around campus, 
including the General Slore Co-op. TIle system, developed over the last two years 

by the University Center Board (UCB), is even 
more successful than anticipated, according to 
former UCB Chair Nick Long. . 

Even before classes commenced last week, 
about 650 students had deposited money for the 
UC cardsystei!' On Monday and Tuesday alone, 
students quadrupled the amount of cash depos-

Despite the cost of initial planning, wiring, 
and equipment orders for the system, Long said 
"The system will pay for itself in three years 
through the user fee paid by the vendors." 

According to Long, the co·ops have "op-
posed [the card) vehemently. They feel it's the 
regents and the adminislration taking over." 
Although they were inviled to join the system 
and made several suggeslions for the improve-
ment of the system, Ihey opted to stay out, he 

Each vendor pays the $3,000 cost for a card 
reader in addition to the 1.2 percent to 2.0 percent 
vendor "user fee." See CARD, Page 13 

Underground Ubrary Addition 
Nearing November Completion 
By PIIII GnIen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Student Leaders Upset 
Over RIMAe Decision 

The long walk will soon be-
come a little easier ... and a little 
shorter. 

Construction of the Central Li-
brary Addition, which will more 
than double the size of the existing 
library by adding 200,000 square 
feet to the building's first two floors, 
is slaled to be finished sometime in 
November. Occupancy, however, 
is projected in early January, ac-
cording to Associate University 
Librarian Phyllis Mirsky. 

The addition's January opening 
and its two new entrances on the 
south side of the building will per-
mit the removal of the circuitous 
route along the nonh side which 
library users have been compelled 
to use since the fronl doors were 
closed for Construction in Au,ust 
of 1990. 

The laqedirt area now on top of 
die addidon will be covcml with 
JIIII, JIIIhways, benches, and ar-

Central Ubrary 
chitectural"skylights"toallow light 
into the underground structure. 

Eucalyptus treeS will be planted 
around the periphery oflhe addition 
to compensate for the large number 
thai were removed for construction 
purposes. 

Despite the addition's Novem-
ber completion date, it will not be in 
operable condition until fhe books 
and services are transferred there 
from the existiDJ building in prepa-

See a..RMY, Pace 7 

By Sheryl wolCott 
Associate News Editor 

When the finance committee 
of the UC Board of Regents gave 
their approval to Ihe funding pro-
posal for UCSO's Rec~ational/ 
lntmmuml Athletic Events Cen'-
ter (RIMAC) on Sept. 19, time 
ran out for students objecting to 
the facility or its accompanying 
$70 per quarter student fee. 

"Once the funding mechanism 
of a project is approved, there is 
nothing that will impede regental 
approval," said Graduate Student 
Association (GSA) President 
Denise Fenton. 

The next step for RIMAC will 
be approval of the architect's ba-
sic design, which could 'possibly 
go in front of the regents as soon 
as this November, according to 
Vice Chancellor of Undergradu-
ale Affairs Joseph Watson, 

For now, both Fenton and 
AssociatedStudents (A.S.) Presi-
dent Agustin Orozco say that 
neither student government 
group plans to take further ac-
tion regarding RIMAC, an issue 
that has been a source of great 
controversy among students 
since the facility narrowly passed 
in a Spring 1990 student vote. 

"Nothing formal has passed 
my desk ... and I don't think it 
will," Orozco said. 

Although the GSA will con-
tinue to take a stand against 
RlMAC, Fenton remarked that 
energies should now focus on 
the creation of systemwide guide-
lines regarding campus-based 
student fees. 

"We should be looking for-
ward from this point. .. to avoid 
another RIMAC. We need to 
accommodate for these [in de-

See RlMAC, Page 10 



2NBWS 

UCSDRankadTop"UpandCona," 
Other UCs called "Beat Buys" 

u.s. News and World Report receady IdeaecI ill 
annuaI~ oIn11ionalwlivealdcaMdcol •• r.mt. 
ina UCSD first ...... "up and comen. .. Tbe survey II 
baed_die opiaionIofunivalily ~aaddeInL 

UCSOisfalloweclbyOecqia'IEmoiy Uaiveni&y" 
Arbooa SIIIe UnMnity. in ICCOOd and 1biJd.,.... 
respectively. UC Irvine placed founb, foUowed by fifth.. 
ranked UC Davis. 

Amana Ihe U.s. N~ and World Rrpon's '"besI 
buys." a listina oflOfH'lllked universilies wilh the lowest 
lUitions,UCBerkeleyplacedfOUl1h.justaa-doflUllber 
five, UCLA. 

Whi\e UCSO's reputllion comnues 10 J1'OW, enroIl-
menlgrowthhubeen~lyhaltcddueto~ 
Iimil8lions. 

Registrar Ron ~ announc:cd that this ycu's 
enteril18 frahman class numbas 2.600. brinain. Ihe 
undergraduate IOIaI to 14.650. Amona WlCIerpIduata, 
4.5 1 0 will live on campus. 

UCSO's graduate studenls number 1,375, wilh 175 
registered at ScrippslnstilUlion of Oceanography. The 
School of Medicine wiD have approximalely 1,200 stu-
dents, ~ of which are M.D, CJ!IMtidafe8o 

ArtIst, Comedy noupe Scheduled to 
Appear at MandevIlle AudIIorUn 

IncludedamongupcominaevcnlSatMandevilleAudi-
torium are a showing of works by Houston utiSl Derek 
Boshier, and a perfonnance by the Second Qty national 
touring comedy company. 

Doshier, a British anist who now lives and works in 
HOUSlO", will present more than a dozen new painainp 
and works on paper in a show tilled "Derek Doshier: New 
Paintings." 

The exhibition of political and sociopolitical paintinp 
will be on view from Sept. 28 through Oct. 27. A reception 
for the artist was held at the MandeviUe p1IC1)' on Sept. 27. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

TbcUCSDG ....... 

The SeooIadClly DlliaaltlDlllilllwo ...... I1 .... 1nMDlat 
111ft of abe 1be Second City comedy dub in OJica&o, wiD 
....... 8 p.aa. 011 Ocr."': . 

CamediIns Jo. Ri--. DIp AykJoyd. BiD Murray, and 
abe .. perb .... GiIda ...... and John BeIuIhi lamed 
IDOII of Iheir improYiIIIIionIlIdIIa willi die emcmbIe com-
.-y, wbicb WII founded in I~. 

TJCkea are.$ 14 for ..... ..tmisIion. $12 forsenion. and 
$10 for .............. may be purdI ued • abe UCSO Box 
Office and fiona TICketMMaer' 0IIIIr:cs. 
Elite "Metallurgic Magician" New 
Addition to Physics Department 

ODe of Ihe Iadina IUIhoI iIiea in Ihe sIudy of exotic 
..-:rials thII exhibilsupen:onduclina behavior_ become a 
pioftaor II UCSO. 

Zaduuy Fisk, a profeaor of pbyIics. has a joint appoinI-
IDtftI willi UCSD Md the Cenlet for M8IcriU Science II abe 
1..01 AI.mo& NIIionaI LabonIory. 

Fast. a IfIduIIe ofHaMrd CoUete who amed Ilia Ph.D. 
In pbysics from UCSO in 1969, was reccndy awarded abe 
"1nJenuIIicJMI Prize for ~ Ma&eriaIs" from Ihe Amelic:an 
Physics Society. die lOp award in his field. 

Fasic has beat called a "meWlWJic map:iao" for his 
ability to 8J'OW ... wale cryscaIs tbaI have confounded 
many OIber experimerllelS. 
Dean of New School of Architecture 
Ilaads Award-Winning Design Team 

A delian IeIlIlIed by Adele Naude SIDIDa, an:bitect and 
_ of abe UCSD School of Arcbitecture, bas woo lhedaip 
c:ampetition for a new civic cenaer in Paria, ~ The 
SanIOS deli,", one of four compedng for Ihe project. won 
unanimous suppon from the jury. 

Santos' team includes Sill Dieao Iand&cape an:bi1eCta 
Wallace Robens & Todd. and artist MaIhieu GreaoiJe. 

Thepwposc oflhecompdilion was to generate a visionaJy 
deaip for the new public and adminisIraIive center for Ihe 
fllSl-&rowing city. The winnina desian includes c:owtyards 10 
capIW'C the eIIvil1l111nentai and historical qualities of Perris.. 

One such c:owtyard, described by Santos as a "sky cham-
ber," is a large cone-like ~ of mirrored ,lass under 
which people can walk and look up 10 see Ihe sky reflected. 
Scr1ppsAquarium SeekIng Volunteers 
to Lead educational Tours for KIds 

The Aquarium-Muaeum It UCSO's SQipps InscilUtion of 
Oceanography is seeking volunaeers 10 assisl wilh education 
programs and lOUIS for schooI-apd c:hildren. 

OrienIaIion meetings will be held on Tuesday. Oct. I, at 1-

SQWCH! 
. . ' 

#. • ./. - - ' . " 

.- "iI_-~· 
. -~ "'-_. 
.. -~"S.. 
. . ,. --

9Jr ITS t«)" " 9:.tE . IT 
MUS1' at 9;JIIE PQ.IMmiE 

\U(f1NG ~ OQ, 
~~ UTEt6\L ~ 

~MQt. 

(~ ;' --. 
,. "'\" 

, 

by Bill Watterson 

1 
I 
I 
I 
• .. 

Maodq,S P' nbCl'3O,1991 

3-,. '*pa. ·it ... ScrippI AquMium a-.oom. 
Theftnl~oI"'UllininlJIIOPIIII Will be Monday. Oct. 
7. fn11119 LID. ID IIDCIIL 

VoU II I • wiD apend one momina a week belpin. 
viii ... c:hiIdI .. l1li1 aduIIs IeuD about oceans. ocean 
ICience.IOd abe need 10 leaped .. care for Ibis valuable 
pM cl our pIInet. 

~ can be diftlCled 10 o-or of Education 
Diane .... 534-6295, or Pdtadan 0J0nIinat0r Liz 
Love. »t-4087, 

UCSA to Focus on four.PoInt PleIn; 
Edeon Elected VIce Praaldent . 

The University of California Studcnr AssociaIion 
(UCSA). a eo.Hdon of abe ei&fIIeen pM .. and under-
graduIIe swdenI pemmenIS in the UC S)'SIeIII. ~ 
Iished ill .tvocacy propam for !he comina Y" III its 
Sepleillber ....... 

Tbe UCSA aIsoelected illexecutiveofficers, includina 
Praidenl Maela Marquez, Ihe graduIre IIUdenI repre-
ICIIIaIive from UC Santa Barbara, and Vice President John 
Edson, UCSO's undergraduaIe iepc .... llMive. 

The UCSA plans 10 focuson fourmoderatcC8l11JMi .... 
inc:Iudioa findina aItcmalive fcc modeIa beaides thole 
propoeed by .. offices in order 10 find ways 10 filWlCe 
biperedllcationinlheswe.andlmplemenlinglhesecond 
part of a repoI1 studying differenIiaI IIaImeIIt of UC 
IbIIIeaD of color. 

Tbe UCSA wiD also aIICmpllO pin suppoI1 from Ihe 
SIIIe I.' •• for ....... "'Ideals' n,bIS and Ie-
..,allibilidel.1III1 conIinue Iobbyina for die pauae of 
AIaanbIy BID I ..... which would oudine srate-wide p0li-
cies forabeesllblilhmenl and repIadon cf campus-baed 
.... funded facililies 

Authors WIlliam KawIedy and Clive 
Barker to be on Campus this Week 

WIlliamKenncdy, wbosenovel/~rdwon bodIlhe 
Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Critics Award. will 
pceaent a lecture on Friday, Oct. 4 at 8 pm. in the Price 
CeoterThealer. Admission isS 15 for Friends of the UCSO 
Library members, or $20 for public adIpiaion. For ticket 
infonnaIion, can 534-1275. 

Oive Barter.authorofThe Boola o/BIood,Hellraiser, 
Niglrlbrerd, and TM GIWII and Secrrl Show, win be on 
campus Wednesday, Oct. 2 from noon 10 1 p.m., at the 
UCSO Bookstore Foyer. 

Barker will be signing h1s latest novel, IfMjiea. For 
infonnation, call 534-READ. 

You could be part of the 
GlI{JrdBI staff box beIowl 

COme to the Guardian WritlrC Internshipl 
Thll'Sday, October 2, 7 p.m. 

In the North Conference Room (located 
on the first floor of the student center, 

near Soft Reserves) 

GneUCSD VABDIAN 

BOB DeANDRU., ...... -.,: 
~~"'IJIIInI_"""F 
E. LEIGH HENRY, '* FF rw ". FIF IfIffIK :: 1II.=r-:= ........ 

Monday, Sc:pumbCI' lQ, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Computer Problems Lead to Longer Unes 
• Many students unaware of deadline changes, line alternatives 
a, .., a.ttJ ..... mail, drop box, and in person. We are trying to 
News Editor accommodate the people who come in. People 

Problems with the new computer systems used who paid by drop box or mail are being put off," 
by the Office of the Registrar have caused students she said. 
to wait in long lines and have backed-up the However, Hickok-Broxton asserted that the 
processing of payments and parking. But accord- processing would go fllSler if people used the drop 
ing to Associate Registrar and Admissions Offi- box or mail to pay their fees and parking. and if 
cer Sally Hictok-Broxtoo, the back-ups sbouId slUdents used the ISIS telephone registration sytem 
end soon. to add and drop classes. 

"We're bringing up a new computer that cov- According to Hickok-Broxton, student can 
ers student and financial system. We have all check a box on their fee statement to be assessed 
brand new software; its just that the bugs are not parking for the school year automatically. Then 
worked out yet," she said they need to pick up both their validation sticker 

"There were also problemS with the hardware. and paiking pennit from the Bursar's Office. 
We had an mM of adequate size, but it didn't "We have infonned all student services ·to 
support the student and financial systems. The allow services to students without stickers . . . until 
response time was affected," Hickok-Broxton Oct. 7. By next week, the stickers hould be at the 
added. Bursar's Office," she added. 

As a result. a new computer system was in· The parking grace period, when UCSD com-
stalled last wedcend, making a significant in- rrumity members can parle for free in' yellow 
crease in response time, according to Hickok- spaces, has also been extended until Oct. 4. 
Broxton. According to Hickok-Broxton, infonnation 

She added, "It is diffICult to bring up new about alternatives to standing in line had been 
systems. Thinp should be better by Winter Quar- distributed to students standing in the queues. 
ter." However, many students in Thursday's lines and 

Problems with both the new and old systems on campus in general did not know about the 
caused the computers to break down several times changes in deadlines. 
during the lasl two weeks, backing up the process- Fore)(ample, Ron Shults, a Muir College third-
ing of validation stickers. The OffICe of Ihe Reg- year student, stood in line Thursday for two and a 
istrar responded Thursday by extending fee dead- half hours. He said that he needed his validation 
lines. sticker in order to buy books, and did not know 

"We have extended fcc deadlines for two days. that services to students without stickers had been 
Weare willing to extend them further if the cashier extended. 
can't process the Slickers fast enough," Hickok- He also had ROt received any infonnation 
Broxton said about altematives to standing in line. 

She added that the long lines compound the Fifth College first-year student Chris Ceazan 
problem because the Cashier's Office must give was among those waiting to get his parlcing per-
validation stickers to each person as he or she mil. He had not seen the box on his fee statement 

~ b_~pe~~~~~~~~ 
"There are so many payments coming in by infonnation on altematives to tanding in line. 

NEWS 3 

Lecturer, Activist Jaye Miller 
Dies of AIDS-Related Illness 
a, Mn ScafteId 
Guardian Reporter 

Jaye Miller. who joined the fac-
Ulty last winter as a visiting lecturer 
and taught a course on Gay and 
Lesbian Cultures, died of an AlDS-
related illness on Aug. 11. He was 
48. 

Miller began his college career 
as an undergraduate at Stanford 
University ruxt received his Ph.D. in 
Sociology from Yale University in 
1972. He taught at several institu-
tions, including the University of 
Hawaii, the University of Houston 
at Clearlake, Santa Rosa Commu-
nity College, Dominican College, 
and UC Santa Cruz. . 

A resident of Healdsberg in 
Northern California since 1977, 
Miller founded a chapter of the Bay 
Area Network of Gay and Lesbian 
Educators, was an active supponer 
of P-FLAG [Parents and Friends of 
Lesbians and Gays), and served on 
the Citizens Advisory Task Force 
on AIDS Education. 

"He will be remembered by stu-
dents and faculty alike for his hon-
esty, kindness, intelligence, and 

Jaye Miller 
subtle humor." said Valeri e 
Hanouni, a professor in the COIll-
munication Depanment. 

Memorial services for Miller 
were held on August 18. He is sur-
vived by his mother, Maxine 
Blacklock of Bakersfield; his 
brother, Eddie Miller of Taft; and 
his companions and housemates 
Donna Haraway and Rusien 
HognessofHealdsberg. Miller was 
preceded in his death by his com-
panion, Robert Filomeno. 

"[Miller's) passing isa great loss 
for both the UC San Diego, and the 
gay and lesbian communities," 
Hanouni said . 

Hatle the Knows for News? 
Whether you have past experience or not, if you have an 

interest in news writing, we have an interest in you. Come 
and meet the News crew on Tuesday night at 8:00 p.m. at 
the UCSD Guardian office (in the Student Center above the 
General Store). We will discuss writing for the Guardian, 
assignments, deadlines, and may even have a beat for you. 

F ACfORY OUTLET CLOTlllNG STORE BEING-FIT ®AEROBICS 
UCSD'SONLY 

BACK TO SCHOOL CLOTHING SOURCE! 

A 
D 
Z 

• 900/0 
BEI:OWRETAI 

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY · 
• LU ................ • TwMdI 

·LInIIIH ........ 
.1IIny 1lIOI'I .. can't II*IIfon 
..... our prIces .. 1O 

P PAR 
E S I G N 

o N 
E L 
E' R 

E 
QfEH: Wed. -Sat. 11 am-7 pm • Sun. 12·5 pm 

8250 camino Santa Fa. (Just down the road) 
Go lISt on La.lola Vilage Drive, 4 ~ past Hwy. 805, left on Camino Santa Fe 

450-3323 
w. accfPI VlS4. MASTERCARD. & AMERICAN EXPRESS 

EM..O'IIIENT 0PP0IITUtf'TrES o.btI SpoIIIR It.f50.332.f 

9:00·10:00 

12:00·1 :00 Steps 

4:30·5:30 Low Sleps Steps Low 

5:30·6:30 Burner Low Low Burner 

6:30·7:30 

7 :30-8:30 Steps HilLow Steps HilLow 

Bring this ad in ~ $20 per month on a monthly baSis. No inmatlon Fee for a Free Class • Freeweights • Noutilus • Lifecycles • Stoirmosters 
BEING 'I'® 3968 Clairemont Meso Blvd., Ckiremont Square Shopping Center _ FI.I. - nea Lee Wads. behild Pars Sport 483-9294 

also located near SDSU (698-17fJl) 

$9 HAIRCUTS 
HAIR COLORING 
PERMS FROM 
$40 

Mac Center)ower level 
582-CUTS OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave 
CHULA VISTA: 222-3777 . 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIATS 
Edilorial Board 

JASON SNElJ... Editor in Chier 
ROBIN MACLEAN. M .... Editor 
MARY BElTY HEARD. News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

rw UCSD G_" ...... , ... owioo • _ ... u.--y oICa1ifonoio, Sooo 0;.",. c-. 
C) IWI . Vit ... ___ i __ .. ......,_of .. ~_ ....... _~ 
,_ulIIIoVC _01 .......... ASUC50._"_~ ooIf. 

RIMAC REVISITED 

The Monster That Would Not DIe 
The consuuction of RIMAC -die Recreatiocv1nlnllTlUraVAIhIetic 

and Events Center- is an issue !hal just will 1101 die. Ever since students 
approved plans for its construction - and a conscqucnrial S70 increao;e 
in recreation fees - in a special refetallhm two year.> ago. the 
controversy surrounding Ihe facility ~ only compounded. 

Fir.il, there were questions about !he Validity of Ihe special election. 
Then there was debole about where they should build it Then there was 
talk of scaling it down. And dvough it all.1here was the ~t cry by 
its opponents to scrap the facility altogether. 

TIle most recenl conflict SUlTOUnded the UC Regents' approval of 
RlMAC. Citing Ihe recent40percent fee increaseand the UC' s lingering 
budget problems. representatives from the A~iated Students argued 
that - now more than ever - final approval for RlMAC should be 
delayed in order to give Sludenls the opponunity to reconsider. 

TIlerq,'ents ignore:dthe students' plea<; in this case. and rightly so. The 
focI that fees have been iocreased is im:levant. RlMAC was approved 
two years ago. and whi Ie the eJection's outcome was questionable, at this 
point there can be no going back. Like it or 1101, RJMAC is a done deal. 

The university administration and the A.S. must now redouble its 
effotts to find outside cOI"jXlrJte sponsorship for the facility to help off-
set its S32 million price-tag. And. now more than everbefore,IheA.s. 
office of external affairs must lobby hard and see to it that the Student-
Fee Funded Facililies Bill passes in the Slate IegislalUre to ensure !hal 
another RIMACesque debacle will never happen again. 

THE UC CARD 

A Good Idea in Need of Growth 
The University Center Card is an interesting idea whose time has 

come. Students have iong complained that their 1.0. cards are wotthless. 
With theexceptionofthosewho have rne.iI plans, students rarely, ifever, 
usc theirl.D.sorthemagnetic triponitsback.1lleadventoftheUCCard 
ha.~ remedied thaI. giving students the option of transforming their I.D. 
into a debit canl. 

The process itsclfiseasy. Students need merely till out an application 
at the UC Card office and make a deposit of at least $50. There is no 
waiting period. One of the primary arguments in favorofthecard is that 
it is an excellent way forslUdents 10 manage their money. Unlike a credit 
card, the amount a student may spend is limited 10 lhe amounl of money 
in his or her account. 

TIle card is also convenient. If a student LC;shott on cash, heorshecan 
simply use the card. There are 18 locations where a student may use the 
card. including the bookstore, and Soft Reserves. 

The most notable exceptions arelhestudent<XHlpS, whohaverefl1'ied 
to take the card, citing hefty start-up costs and a gener.d lack of 
willingness to enler into an economic relationship with the administra-
tion.1lleC<H>pSdo not wanllorisk losing theability looffer merchandise 
at lower prices than other on-<:ampus businesses. 

TIle UC Card is by no means perfect It is a closed system. Iimiled 
solely to on-<:ampus businesses. 1lIe extent of services 9ffered through 
the card are ulrimarely insufficient, as there is no reason for students to 
limit their purchasing power to campus if they know they can find better 
deal:. elsewhere. 

While there has been some talk of expanding the card to off-campus 
locations, uch as Ralphs or BJ's Pizza. UC Card Spokesman Nickie 
Shon say such a move is noIlikely 10 happen anytime soon, if aI all. 
because "the university administration does 1101 like Ihe idea of linking 
into others' finances." 

Shott suggest .. that the great advantage to having Ihe UC card is that 
students don't have to pay any fees or services charges like they would 
if they were 10 use their A TM card But, with the advancemenr of 
compuler and communication lectmology, the ATM s)'Slml scans 
much more practical. 

In recent months. businesses such • Ralphs and Carts Jr. have 
implemenled systems allowing CUSIOmeIsto use their A TM cards in lieu 
of cash, with negligible servicechargcs. SIdt a system is the wave of Ihe 
future. UCSD would be mlldng a misIake to neglect it, despilie die 
administradon's resisun:e to change. 

On the whole, the UCCard isnot bad. b'scenainly benerthan nothing 
aI all. The adminisnation would be better off thinking of it in leI1mofan 
in&ermediary SIep. Given die growth and availability ofnew technology, 
Ihe university may come to realize thai die best way eo serve its SIUdents 
is to expnl its sysIieI11lO irdude A TM CIIds. It would be pracIicaI and 
~~~ . 

1bc UCSD Guardian Monday, Scpcanbcr 30, 1991 

BENSON 
LAW--mj the. ASCENT d MAN 

COMMENTARY 

Hell is a Place Much Uke the DMV· 
• One man's three-month journey to the ninth circle of the 
bweaucratic inferno and his return to the land of the living 
And S()I1I~ peoplt should dit. 
That's just unconscious knowltdgt 
-Perry Farrell, "Pigs in Zen" 

After a mere three months and I S days of being 
brutally raped and sodomized 
by the vindictive. discrimina- ----

~ using an out-of-state LD. Half-bright 
bartendeB, confused by Ihe "daleofissue" on my 
Oregon license, frequently refused to serve the 
large and surty two-year-old they thought they 
saw before them. 

So. eventually, I gave in 
and submitted myself to a 
good brood-letting by the 
DMV leeches. 

tory out-of-state license poli-
cies of CaJifomia. it's over. I 
have my brand new. oh-so-
high-Iech, hologram-em-
bossed, digitized-photo-
graphedCalifomiaOriverLi-
cense,counesyofmy benevo-
lent and generous friends at 
IheDMV. AMATEUR TERRORIST ~~- -

At firsa it didn't seem so 
bad. The whole process only 
took a little more than an hour. 
But right at the last step, the 
thieving bastards look my Or-
egon license, claiming that 
"you can't have licenses from 

Those three letters, natu-
rally. stand for the DeparunenI of the Menially 
Vacanl - a name they apparendy shortened be-
cause the morons who wodt rbeIe found it too hard 
to spell (of course. this move didn't help milch, but, 
hey, "DMV" does have three syllables). 

Ah, but which other masters of speed and effi-
ciency could tum a simple process that rakes five 
minute5 in Oregon - putting your photograph on 
a license and giving it back to you -Into a fun-
filled 107-day extravaganza? 

Who else, indeed .•. which is why I shied away 
from putting myselfrhrough such tonure in the first 
place. If you want something done quickly and 
painlessly, the last people on the planet to ask are 
government agencies. 

And, at all costs, don't let the DMV be that 
agency. For some reason. every state seems to pol 
these incompetenlcretlns in charge of the one thing 
that every citizen has to do - obtaining a license. 

I bad an Oregon license when I began servmg 
my~sentencefivcyearsaao"Harvey 
Mudd College in L.A. I bad out-of-SIIIe checb. 
and needed a fake ID. to ao to bus. anyway 
(luckily, bact in those days. my scbool provided 
free beer four or five days a week). So, not ownift& 
acar,Iawnorasonforpayinglhe DMVIObucb 
forvoltintarilyspending 100r 12hours....nn,in 
line. 

So I didn't. and life was aooc1 
But then abe bubble bunI, IDCl wbea IIIIIted 

p1IdUIIe school in San Dieao. reIIIiIy bepn ill 
blUlfaeoninl. 0I0ceIy cJerb ICOWIed maliciously 
wilen 1 tried 10 ... off aSl.50c:beck with aLaJoDa 

two states at the same time ... 
1berealityofthis statement didn't set in until 

after my picture was taken, when, expecting a 
five-minute wait, the two-flail criminals told 
me my license would arrive in "four to six 
weeIcs." 

And I. in my dazed ignorance. stared at the 
scrap of paper in my hands beIrin& the fateful 
words "Temporary license onI1- not for lD. 
purpoees. " and believed them. . 

Whltfol!owed. of course, wuanighttnare of 
Elm Street proponions. Six ~ of whining. 

~gagony withgrocerycbeckas, "happy" 
hour waiters and bar managerl;:~ng to con-
vince them that. even though I hIclao valid photo 
LO., I \VIS indeed Jeff Pitman, .. 22 years old. 

This became panicularly annoyinJwhen they 
(Rusty Pelican, Elephant Bar, BI Torito, 0'5. 
Savon, Ralph's) wouldn't even_ my UCSD 
J.D., which has my photo andllidhdate on it 
Eight weeks after paying for -.. I still had no 
California Iiceose.I guess thai 
to do thinp leplly. 

N'meweets into this ni 
beaiminI to aer suspicious 
quick),II1dca1Jed abeDMV. 
report on mylfow ~wcck 

1bc exuaneJy helpful 
IDIdmeno.lhec:ouJdn'tc:hec:lc ofmy 
LD .. 1UId lit shu& up, sit dp wailiDg. 
"OIber people II1II aetting tlleirltf2--3 moruhI." 

Yeeb, thinks for your' biICh, 
But. much to my undyina a small 

• Page 6 

Monday, SepIaDba' 30,1991 The UCSD Guardian 
• 

COMMENTARY 

Welcome to the Jungle - PC Style 
• Thinking about learning at the university? Well, forget it - unless 
political indoctrination and racial isolation are what you had in mind 

Ifevery incomin& freshmancIMs 
had a theme IOI'Ig. this year's would 
be "Welcome to the Jungle." At 
UCSD. as with mosf other universi-
ties. political comx:lnCSS ~thc man-
dated norm. A feel in, of chagrin 
reverberates through the heans of 
many students when they know all 
eyes are upon them, making sure 
they to do "the PC thing." Funher-
more. many studenI organizations, 
as well as Ihe administration, are 
stoking the flames of racial isola-
tionism. 

Perhaps you have heard that Ihe 
university is the bastion of free 
speech. Forget it. Most campuses 
-UCSDincluded-haveaspeech 
code. This should 001 be mistaken 
for an anti-harassment policy. 1lIe 
aim of mosl of these decrees is the 
prevention of debate on topics which 
might offend specially selecled 
groups. As one could guess, these 
groups don't include members of 
the John Birch Society or the Re-
publican party. 

Even more vexing. one must be 
a keen judge of character 10 avoid 
falling prey to this ordinance. For 
example, Section 51 of the UC Stu-
dent Conduct Code forbids speech 
in the context where, "the sludenls 
uttering them should reasonably 
know will interfere will} the victim's 
ability to ... participate fully in uni-
versity programs and activities." In 
Ihe words of Stanley Fish, Duke's 
PC loudmouth, "There's no such 
thing as free speech. and its a good 
thing, too!" 

As with all good Orwellian soci-
eties, the citizens must pick up the 
slack whenever those in power are 
unable. This happens quite a lot at 
UCSD. Last year. the YoungAmeri-
cans for Freedom POSled flyers 
whicfl asked, "The question is: are 
quotas right or wrong?" The glue 
had 001 even dried before the PC 
troops were tearing down the pa-
pered thoughts of local Y AFers. 

RECOIL , . 

Next time you are aboul to discuss 
what is on your mind, close the 
shades. 

College used to be a place were 
people from all backgrounds came 
together and searched for trulh, all 
the while exploring the pressing is-
sues of the time. 1bere was a sense 
of community among fellow stu-
dents. Thai has been repla<:ed by lhe 
harsh reality of liberal segregation. 
Now when there. is a disagreement, 
labels such as racist or bigot are 
substituted for reasoned debate. 
This, sadly, has desensitized people 
toward real racism. We all know the 
SIOry about the boy who cried wolf. 

fragmenting has finally led to 
isolation. The Califomia State Uni-
versity at Sacramento is consider-
ing an autonomous black "school 
within a school." During its orienta-
lion week, Harvard UniversilY seg-
regales its incoming freshmen so 
that minority students are exposed 
only 10 olher minority students. 

Even summer is not immune 
from the racial spoils system. At 
UCSD, two summer programs are 
doled out 10 those lucky enough to 
jlave minority status. 

The first is "Summer Bridge." 
Basically minority students are fed 
and housed free of COSI during lhe 
program. In addilion, they take 
classes where readings such as 
Rtadin' not Rio/in' and Tht Psy-
chology of Blacks are required. 

In The Psychology of Blacks by 
Joseph White. theslUdentsaretaught 
that whites "establish power. domi-
nance, and control by manipulating 

COMMENTARY 

others" and are driven by "profit." 
. Blacks, ontheorher hand, are, "will-
ing to take the risk of sharing." And 
one wonders whyourcampuses lack 
unity. • 

More distressing is the aptly 
called "Summer Enrictunent" pro-
gram.'1t is similar to lhe Summer 
Bridge program, but at completion 
students are given a SIOO stipend. 
For those who are white or Asian 
and had 10 pay hundreds of dollars 
for your summer classes. don'l 
worry. You have lhedubious honor 
of being pan of an attempt to make 
society racially balanced by treating 
people as numbers in a national 
equation. 

Like sharks in a feeding frenzy, 
these groups have even turned on 
each other. AI the end of the last 
academic year, the Lesbian, Gay, 
and Bisexual Association asked the 
Student Affinnative Committee for 
honorary membership. All this en-
tails is the recognition that gays are 
an oppressed group and no financial 
obligation is placed upon SAAC if 
they accept. 

SAAC turned them down. which 
was the nice pan. When LGBA went 
before the African American Studenl 
Union. they were lamba.~ted for their 
sexual orientation. Interestingly. the 
more aggressive attacks came from 
the religious elements in the group. 

1bere are many strange student 
organizations oul there. If you have 
no desire to think for yourself and 
want 10 spend lhe whole of your 
college experience filled with hate, 
the oppottunities abound. Whether 
called lhe AASU or Women's Re-
source Center. these organizations 
are an excellenl incubator for nur-
turing prejudices. You will be told 
that whites are evil or simply all 
men are rapists. You can pick your 
poison, but better yet -just say no. 

Bob Dylan once wrote "a hard 
rain's a-gonna fall." 

It's already started. 

The Politics of Doubting Thomas 
• Judge Clarence Thomas is an intelligent, thoughtful man 
tainted by a dangerous zest for political role-playing 
By Thorn .. Pfahler 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

While walching the Clarence 
Thomas confinnation Ilearings on 
C-Span two weeks ago, several 
things became clear. 

First, 1bomas is an inlelligent, 
articulate and thoughtful man who 
is able to change his mind when 
presented with a convincing argu-
menl contrary to his beliefs. This 
quality, however, is tainted by a 
second, less positive observation 
which cannot be ignored. 

While acting as chainnan of the 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission for eight years under 
the Reapnadministration. Thomas 
exhibiled an aptitude for playing 
pattisan polilics which belied a 
strong drive for power. 

This apparentdrive in Thomas is 
a negative on his list of qualiraca-
tions beaIUIe the Ibility to jud&c 

• without rcpnl for pIIttisan poIitica 
is eaentiallo beina • good - let 

alone a greal;-jusliceon the United 
States Supreme Court. 

Thomas' zest for political role-
playing mayor may not be a factor 
in his Supreme Court decisions. As 

The freedom to vote one's 
conscience can be a 
da~ous tool- which 

brings us to another 
Thomas ~ing. 

the dean of Yale Law School ob-
served. many justices have been 
unpredictable and have even been 
known to completely reverse their 
previously-held political positions 
on constitutional grounds. 

Onceconfinned,SupraneCoun 
justices become politically unlouch-
able and are free to vote their c0n-
science. 

Fonner OIief Justice Earl War-

ren, who went from inleming Japa-
nese-Americans as govemorofCali-
fomia to initiating sweeping changes 
in ci vii rights law while on the Coun, 
is an excellent example of Ih is phe-
nomenon. 

Conversely, the freedom 10 vole 
one's conscience can be a danger-
ous tool - which brings us to an-
olher Thomas shortcoming. 

Previously, Thomas' speeches 
have suggested relatively strong re-
I iance on the ideaof"Nalural Law." 
This is the same philosophical ap-
proach which has lent justification 
forthe Holocaust, white supremacy, 
and, ironically, slavery. 

However, during the continna-
tion hearings,111omas backed away 
from this approach and explained 
- rather uncoovincinglY - that 
what he really intended 10 express 
was that Ihe Framers of the Consli-
tution had used a "higher law" in 
producing Ihe document. and there-

See THOMAS, Page 17 

OPINION 5 

UCSD NIGHT 
IS BACK! 

Sun,.lhun. """',f ~ ~ 
11 .... 12 pm 

Fri.-Sat. • Lunch 11 .... 2 am 
• Dinner 
• Oystwlar 

7536 FAY AV~ ... CALL 456-BREW • 21/w IIudent ID 

ROBERT'S 
AO 

GERMAN. SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

~ 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(f'IO) .) ... 110)0) • ,J _ ~ .)- .) .. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

W._"'.ee , •• 
__ II® Ia..-.-III 

.. _r ....... n 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmission overhalli. Not valid with any other coupon. 

QD©@@) WO~[3 @G{]@[;) 
@30~~~i) [;)8~'il@ij &©©~~@~O~@ 

©®G'11[;)[b[311[3 @[300~O©[3 
~~C? ~~[;)&OOO 'U'(!!JOOlIlo@W@SOO 

Fuii TW RALEIGH 
• BICVCLES 
@~[3@M.\[b ®~@)[3W@ 

W@I[b@®~~ 
wt3 ~[3©o&l1 ®~®~~ 

@U'j]8[h,[b [;)8~@Q [;)~@Q[;)&~'i?@Q 
&~® !p[;3®[?(3~O®1II&11 ~oo&[lil~@ 

O~ 'i1Q(]~ @'iI(!!J®[3II1'iI &tru1Q 
[lilol7 11 ~ II ~~'tl@ 

• 



• 

6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

. It's not too late! 
Education Abroad Program deadlines EXTENDEDI 

Earn UC credit while studying abroad next year 

Costa Rica Australia 
applications due applications due 

October 7, 1991 October 15, 1991 
and beyondl· 

Study Abroadl 
Earn UC Credltl 

Financial Aid Avallablel 
University of California ~ Education Abroad Program 

Contact Programs Abroad Office at the International Center 534-1123 

MORE B,---------...... 
FOR'11IE 

A STUDENT CHECKING AND VISA: 
PACKAGE ONlY AT WELLS FARGO. 

College is expensive enough as it is. 
That's why Wells Fargo has designed 
Student ATM Checking'· just for you -
at only $4.50 per month. Do all your 
banking through the Wells Fargo Express'· 
ATM and you'll get: 
• Ul1limited checkwriting with no 

minimum balance and no per-check 
charge. 

• No monthly fees during June, July and 
August until you graduate. 

• Free access to more than 1600 
Wells Fargo Express ATMs statewide. 

• Convenient 24-Hour peI'S9n-to-person 
phone service. 

You can also apply for a special 
Student Visa card: 
• First year free membership when you 

sign up for overdraft protection. 
• All students -even entering freshmen 

- are eligible to apply. 
Open a checking account or apply for 

a credit card now, and we'll toss in a 
free poster. Sign up for both, and you'll 
get a free T-shirt. 

Wells Fargo. Banking built for the 
student budget. 
Promotional giveaways while 5UppIies last. 
$5.00 additiOOal pn-.month service charge if one Of more 
drposia/withdrawals ~ made in a ~ls Iiq:l Branch. 
Pmo( ci col~ mrollmrnt and othrr qualifVirw critma 
requ~ for student VI5ll appIicadon. Ask kir dewls. 

Stop by )'Our local \\lills Fargo branch: 
University Town Centre, 4315 La Jolla Village Drive, 455 .. 7080 

Moaday, Scrtcmbcr 30,1991 

DMV 
ContInued from pege 4 
envelope from the DMV arrived 
fivc days ....... containing a noce, 
daIed four weeks befordulnd, say-
ing they a.1cxpcrieoc::cd "1cc:hnicaI 
diffICUlties" with my picture. and 
could I pIeue come beck Ind have 
it retaken. 

I wastemptcd to~ with four 
tons of TNT stnlppCd to my back, 
and blow their office illlO pieces 
IIIIIIIer at. the remaining shreds 
of my pIIIience. but I ~ 
fiaurinI Ibis would probably only 
slow tbe proccuina of my mythica1 
license even more. 

Besides, my extrnntly useful 
temporary lic:eoIe had already ex-
pired. So I went back, got my pic-
ture rctakeo.lRd WIIS cheerfully in-
fonned thai my new license would 
anive in "one to two months." 

I WOlMleled I1IIhcr g\eefully whal 
the phoCopapher, who appeared to 
havc aslight wheu.e and was thus in 
obvious need of a tracheotomy, 
would look like with my pen im-
paled in his throel. 

Luckily, the pen was chained 
down, and wouldn't reach. But I 
spent the rest of Ibis dreary, sunless 
non-swmncrthe way I had spent the 
fll'St pan-dcprivedofmystatus as 
a pcrsod because of my lack of 1.0., 
and unable to remedy this through 
the purchase and consumption of 
Jarge quantities of alcohol 

Butjusl asl WIIS about tomail my 
lettcr to Saddam Hussein, begging 
him to consider the central OMV 
office in Sacramento as his first 
target when he finally devclops a 
nuclear weapon, it came. 

Ycs,the~a-haIf-mondl­
awaited. magical piece of p1astic 
anived - just three days after my 
23rd binhday. And, boy. what a 
miraculous marvel of modem tech-
nology it is. 

The digitized, twice-taken pIKr 
tograph is very dart. and there's a 
DMV hologram covering my fa:e 
(which may or may not be a bad 
thing, unless I actually want to use 
it). You'd think they would have 
figured out this tedU1ology/before 
actually implemeoting it, but then 
you think again, and realize that the 
DMV was in charge. 

Why couldn't these idiots have 
let me keep my Orqon license, and 
haveme return to theiroffice topick 
up the California one when it was 
l'C84y.It'snotlikeldidn'thavclogo 
back anyway. 

Ah, but that would havc been the 
logical thing to do. And bcsiacs, it's 
much bcuer to cnbUSt the delivcry 
of fonnerly out-of-state people's 
sole fono of identification to the 
swift and dependable hands of the 
U.S. PostaI Service. 

Ott well. at Ieut it's over, and I 
feel sony for the poor bastards who 
have moved here in the past few 
months and gullibly fallen prey to 
this vicious DMV scam. 

AlI I can say is, it's a good thing 
OeorpBush has IOIde SOVC"i"CUI 
wodcplacea drug-free. I would hale 
toseeDMV workers pumpcdfuU of 
speed. I might have gotten my li-
cense in under. monIh. 

Moaday. Scr hbcr 30,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Medical Center Shuttle Service Crowded 
.,...,Iettr ..... 
NIIws EditOf 

One penon was left behind by 
the 6:30 a.m. UCSD Medical Cen-
ter Shuttle '-' Thunday morning. 
And by the way Ibc "rea"'" arc 
talking. onc:e ICbooI gelS into full 
swing and the parking grace period 
is ovcr,thinparegoing 10 gctworse. 

The oven:mwdinJ on the 27-
scat shuttle tJus;i is due to a changc 
in the shuttle's morning route. As of 
last Monday, the 6:05 a.m. Hilk:resl 
shuttle run which ferry students be-
tween Hillc:rcst and UCSD was re-
moved from the schedulc. 1bc first 

UBRARY 
ContInued ......... 1 
ralion forthe second major phase of 
the project - renovation of the 
towcr. 

Renovation will concl~e s0me-
time in August of 1992, and the 
entire $38 miUion dollar project will 
be wrapped up around January of 
1993, according to Mirsky. 

Mirsky cxplained that library 
staff and professional movers will ' 
use Wintcr Break to movc all of the 
books and materials from the cur-
rent structure into the addition. so as 
not to inconvenience library users 
while school is in se sion. 

Because the square footage in 
thetwo-flooraddition will be greater 
than that in the eight-floor tower. 
the current C9l1cction should easily 
fil into ilS temporary home. 

"It will be a new space, but com-
pacted in there," said John Sturla, 
UCSO Project Architect for the ad-
dition. 

Compacted or not, users will be 
more satisfied with the library situ-
ation in January than in ilS current 
state - if for no other reason than 
accessibility. Statistics show thai 
fewer pcopIe UICd Central Library 
last school ycarthan the one before, 
a figure Mirsky .aribured to its in-
c::onveniendy IocaIed CIIb'III1CC. 

"People don't pop in and out. 
much as before," &he said. 

morning run is now at 6:30 a.m . 
Theshutde riders arc not pleased. 
"Its a bummer. I used to take the 

6:05 LID. shuttle, got 10 the hospital 
at 6:30 a.m. and had • nice leisurely 
breaId'ast. I still have breakfast, but 
its not so leisurely," said one V clCr-
ans Administration Hospital cm-
ployee. 

David Dunne, a UCSD staff 
member from the OffICC of Learn-
ing Resources, also used to takc the 
6:05 a.m. shuttle. 

"Its causing me to change my 
work schedule and may cause hard-
ships 81 work," Dunne said. 

"It's the best kept construction 
secret 81 UCSD," Sturla said, allud-
ing to the fact lhat the addition is 
being dug some 30-35 feer underthe 
ground. 

"It's not like most of the con-
struction you nonnalJy see, where 
you can watch it from the ground 
up," he said. 

But the construction has been 
anything bUt a secret 10 the campus 
community since it began in March 
of 1990. 

Early work on the site required a 
barbed wire fcnce surrounding three 
sides of the building, wiped out a 
parking lot. created the largest hole 
thi campushaseverseen,andclosed 
the front doors. 

" II was just not wonh going there 
[last year)," said Karen Bott. a re-
cent graduate of Third College. "I 
definitely didn't go there as much. It 
was always a good five, 10 ... 15 
minutes out of my way. I \yould go 
to [other libraries) to study." 

Money for the project was ear-
marked well before last year's dras-
tic budget shonfall. and the con· 
struCtion has not suffcred as a result. 

AnistAlcxisSmith'sSnakePalh, 
an "expensivc" addition to the Stuart 
Collc:ction which wiD stretch from 
the nonbwcst end of the Engineer-
inS Building to the castcm side of 
the library, is being funded sepa-
rately by the Stuart Foundation, ac-
cording to Sturla. 

ECONOMICS 164 "KOREAN ECONOMY" 

Fall 1991, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 

1:00-2:20 p.m., GH 1205, Section 10 131866 

Professor Doowan LeejlRPS Faculty 

COGNITIVE SCIENCE 
er Revised Lower-Division Requirements 
, See a cognitive science adviser about proposed 

changes to the lower-division requirements. 

er New Courses, Fall '91 
• Animal Minds, Cog Sci 166 
• Modeling Cognitive Phenomona-Methods, 

Cog Sci 108M 
• Cognitive Neuroscience, Cog Sci 270A 
• Heidegger Reading Seminar, Cog Sci 280 
• Implldt Learning, Cog Sci 2BO 

V.A. Hospital staffmcmber Judy 
Gamer added, "When I came in 
carly, I avoidcd the crunch of people 
coming to school. Now I have to get 
up at 4:30 a.m." 

'1lIe reason behind it is we arc 
trying to provide time for additional 
safety inspections 81 UCSD," said 
Greg Snec, managcr of UCSO's 
Transportation Alternatives. In the 
past, the drivers inspectCd the buses 
fOf" 5 minutes before beginning their 
routes from campus and from the 
Medical Ccnter. 

Now, thedrivers inspect the buses 
See SHUTTlE, Page 11 

IMPORTANT 
OPPORTUNE 

NOTICE 
If you want your thinking 
and living aHected for your 
benefit, Ihen you should read 
this !hought·provoking book, 
·What Hath Man Wrought!" 
byZ. Trebla (Vantage Press) 
$10. Recently published, 
demand may necessitate 
placing advance order now 
at all bookstores, or order 
toll free 

1-800-882-3273, 
9A.M.·SP.M. EasternTIme. 

Clip ad for reminder, 

Reaearch Volunteers 

STRESSED OUT? 
FREE retearch .tudiee evaluat· 
in&, m~ication. are available to 
people 8uffering from al)xiety. 
Symptom8 include wonyine too 
much, being unable to relax, in· 
8omnia, stomach problems , 
muacle achel, feeling tense, and 
difficulty concentrating. Suitable 
volunteenbenefit from free medi : 
cation, lab teete, phy.ical. and 
paychiatric evaluations. Studies 
alao available for depl'eNion. Call 
for a confidential evaluation. 

!J{)oa = 554-0100 
FAIRMAIR'5 

US~D 501 /S 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS 

$125·$139 (new) 
COSTUMES 

FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALE noltfS 

A879 NEWFORI' NE. OCEAN BEACH 
M·W, 1110 6;:K) • 222-0220 

r---fr::·UCSD -~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~~E~~~!-Y* 
"'We'" . $20 minimum p"",hue' 1I\'ilhin6 mile rocli",orcampua 

E. IWI ·I'91 
No! valid with 
an1otheroll'.r. 

as always, 10% 0"" when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

NEWS 7 

45~-9900 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Cente~) 
.,. Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pill 

I3~ZmIV 
Vesl.,n 

You don't have to spend a lot of 
bucks to look like a million bucks, 
come to BENZHAlR $9BUCKS 
!~~ra~a~~~~~~~or only 
blow dry and requests. 

6755 Mira Mesa Blvd., Suite 139 
Plaza Sorrento Shopping Center 
behind the Mobil Stat/on 453·3454 

TIME IS RUNNING OUT! 
• Are you a senior with lillie or no work experience wi thin your major"! 
• Do you need hclp improving your resume. cover Icller, and intervieWing 

ski lls'! 
• Arc you worried about finding REAL JOB after gmdualion? 

IF SO, LET THE ASIO HELP YOU! 

Learn how an internship can help you gain the job tmining and experience 
you need. Apply carly to mcet deadlines. 

AIsocIATID STUDINTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
PRICI CINTD, 31m FLOOR, ROOM 3.303 

II-F 9 AII-4 PM 534 4689 
The office officially opens on Monday, October 7 

WELCOME BACK VCSD! 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh , 

cooked-to:order Mexican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LARDS· NO PRESERVATIVES· CHOLESTEROL FREE 

,--¢,-- -- - iFREE I 
I 99 I ~ I?.ra I Beverage I 

~EEF TACO~ I with any I 
r.:- - - - -, L combination I I UCSD COMBO· I ___ ---l 
1 

Bet>f laco. chef", m:"'lada'l 
beans and ric •• chips and 

I Wsa $2991 L ___ ~ 
'FREE I 
118 •• " • Cheese II 

Burrito 
I with any specials I 

~rorn lhe m~u..J Hours: 
l1am-l1pmdai~ 
Dine in or take out ~~~~~~~~~ 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~- Call for delails • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Not a t8fl1)Oflry wiler tosS ; JwIC8 ceUte and stJetch marlls 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 

_ .. ~ .. 455-0909 Expires I ()(31191 



8 The VCSD Guardian Mooday, September 30, 1991 

• •• Fulflll all yourcommumcations 
requirenlents with one course. 
A1MT STUDENT 

SAVERPUJS If ~'re looking kx' a simple way to handle all of)'Wl' communications needs, there~ one pcaequisile.}oin A7ll:T SIuIJtM 

Saver Plus. You'll be able to get an entire line of products and services designed specifically to save college students time and money. 0 Our RMdI a.e 

AlWrlcd CaJJing Pfanst. ~t~ could save you money, no maRer where and when you call. Call Manager't .'/~ will 

s:M! you time by separating your long distance cal ls from your roommates' calls, for free. And ihe AT&T Calling Cmri makes it easy to call from 

e-
almost anywhere to anywhere. 0 And with AT&T, you'll always get the most reliable long distance service. 0 Plus, if you ~ fOr 

-
anyo! oorsernces- oc ifjOO'real.-..dy anAT&T_- )OO'1i _ 8'!.f ... how'..mho! A11lTlongdisl3nc<c:a1Iing' As .... I .. dl5counb 

on all kinds of thin~, all ~ round. 0 So ask about A7ll:T Student Scnr Plus. You'll find thai b this rommunications course, we did our homf:9.oodt. 

Join M"T Sllldmt Saver Plus today. Call1800 654-0471 Ext. 4810. Anal 

........".,.. ebcr 30, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

Budget Cuts Cancel CSO Parking Lot Patrol Wednesday's A.S. Meeting In Brief 
.,..,...., ...... 
,.,... EdItor 

8udp11ry problems have ex-
tended to III II'CIM of campus life, 
incIudinJ the ('nnwnunjty Service 
Officer (CSO) popan. 

Acc:ordiDJ to UCSD Poli<:e 
0Uef John Andenon. Ihe .mount 
of money aVlillble for CSOs Ibis 
year is leu Ibmlalt )'aI"S 1IIIIOUIlt. 

Aodenoo said RICeIIIIy IbIlIhe 
daytime CSO ".-u. Joe pIlrOIa 

baYebeeoelimi~lObelq)laced 
by illCIaICd c:beckins of loci by 
police officas. 

"1be daytime program was 
aimed at a pII1icuIar probiem [car 
!heft] that aeema to have sublided. 

WbeIher it was due to CSOs or not, 
• don't know," Andenoo said. 

"b was a very expensive pro-
anm. "be added. . 

Coam&uer SIUdcnl ShieIa Fox, 
a 1binl CoUeae Junior, said of the 
pIIbOIIioa proai_l». ... don't think 
they make mucb of a difference for 
car theft. Ilbinit that Ihe paIn>Ilins 
of the s-kin.Joe is more imponant 
to keqJ unwanted people off the 
c:ampua.e.peciaDy .ni ...... It.ve 
wi1DeUed tbem cwf.UIIIioa ~ 
one who au ... DOC to be !here. " 

..... of CSOa, a police bi-
c:ydc unit will .,.arol the padUng 
lolL However AndaIon said, the 
unit is DOC ded.ic:IIed to just pab'OI-

ling lois as the CSOS were. 
"ear theft has been a problem . 

But it has been less [of a problem] in 
the last few years." Anderson said. 

Hesugcslcd"Thca.UB"stcer-
ing wheellodtand alarm systems as 
sood detemnts to car theft. 

1lIe night-time cso walk pro-
gram is also suffering from cut-
becks, but will not be eliminated. 

'"TherewiUbefewerpcople. We 
hope that we can teep up with the 
darwId. The ni", shuaIe is in op-
eraIion now, so we hope that more 
people will take it." Anderson said. 

He added that there will be a 
Jonau wait ror csos during the 
hiBfJ-use periods. 

• 1991 UCSA WOIDea's Coorereace II UCSD: Approved underwrile of 
$2.500 from General UnallocalCd 10 ExICmaI Affairs. The underwrile was 
submitted as $7SO, which would have covered !he COSIS of confen:nce I-shins 
and reaislI'lllion. It was raised 10 $2.500, their expected revenue from I-shirt 
sales and regislration fees, because thai amount was needed 10 fund the rest 
of the conference. Once the conference is over, the $2500 will be returned 10 
theA.S. 

• 1991 UCSD Womea's Coarereace.t UCSD: Approved allocalion of 
$2830 from General Unallocated 10 External Aff.irs. The allocation was 
submined as $S,08O but changed in a "friendly lU1lendment" prior 10 lhe 
meeting. The allocllion will cover the costs of materials. handoulS. copying. 
plTking. poe .. , COIlb'8C1S for speakers and • band. and transponation and 
housing for the spe8kcr. . 

. The oWn objeclion 10 both propoaIs was that they had been quickly 
aubmined and had not been reviewed by the A,s. FilWlCC committee. 
However. because of the apparent IIf'FRCY of the need for funding and the 
impor1llnCe of the event illelf. both proposals passed. 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR. WASH 

- -, a.u, HNnI 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 COlta Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

e 
WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATtA 

--ucso I 
~ 

L. ~.II. ville,. Dr. 
I. 

UTe 
II I I ... ". Or . ~ J z.®· 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------

Full Service 3 99 : ~~~b~ f~.!! !'t~tl ,..00: 
c ~R WASh Nat VIIid will any oM oIIr. SAVE $4.01 I 

I up. ~23. 1911 I L ______________________ _ 

I~X~tJ~r"~~--·· . 
·:;Ot~~f# Don't Miss Our 11 First Annual Math 

BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIALS! 
I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

-U Mltsublsll. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu' Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

rBook Fair! 
Featu'ring: 

20% OFF on All 
Math, Statistics 

and 
Dynamical Systems 

titles 
-

September 30 - October 5 
Stop by and shop, or call in your order! 

Extended Hours during the Book Fair are: 
9/30 BAM - 8PM and 10/1 - 10/2 8AM - 7PM 

~ t ~ "~I\\.~' "'~I_.~.~. ~¥f .......... ,...... , Sprlnger-VerlAg ~ ' .. e .... "",. 
" " ... ~ ._.......... .~- McGraw Hill 

Would you like to be notified of upcoming sales In our Technical Boob Departmentl 
Lei .. know! ,. 

l 
UCSD BOOKSTORE ,fj 
TECHNICAL BOOKS 534 - 314g /(>·:.r~ 
OPEN: MON - FAI 1A1l-' PM AND SAT 10A1I- 4 PM,d,j·.,e:':tl. 

""',t~:!.f.f::';': :.: 97i:?~: ... ~·ri , .. ; .; 

inor Tune Up Speci~1 $35 ~reg . $55) 
1. Sport plugs Our II/IIe up includes a 101 fTIOf8 tim olh8rs. It includes: 
2. DistributOf poinlS 6. Clean & replenish aJllkJid & oil levels 10. Check undercatri.1ge lor damages 
3. ~ 7. Checll brakes 11. Check coo~ng syslern & hoses 
~. AdjusIIiming 8. Check with 12. Road lesl 
5. AdjusI dwell ~ 9. Check lights 

,2!~Oint M!jp.!.!e~~~~eciall!~~· 
2. VriIe~! 1 1. Adjust timing 21 . Check & repleflish al 28. Che<:k and recha'ge 

Rtpa: 12. Adjust dwell angle nuid and oillevels battery. ~ necessary 
3. VaIwe COYer gaskeI 13. Adjust carburelOr 22. Check eIeCric;aI syslem 29. Roiate tires (il needed) 

~. SpirIt plugs 14. Adjust sleering box 23. Check for Iogse or lOS! 30. Check tire p'essure 
5. DisIriIUof poinlS 15. Adjus air & Net Ialia mix boIlS 31. Lube door hinges 
S. CondnaIs. 16. Adjust cfuIc:h 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. AW filer. 17. Adjust bralles 25. Check wlCh 33. ChecfI oooIing system & 
8. 01... 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check IighIS hoses 
9. Ges lillir. and 19. CIIeck & aqusl'Xposed 27. Check lMIdercarr. lor 34_ Check exhaust system 
10. Engine oil bellS damages 35. Road 1851 

20. Lube front end 

-:F~~c;;pi;t;·CI~i~8hJ;b· $169 * 
WBrepIa: 

1. T...nuion inpUI shall seal [excep! 4. ~ beaOOg Noll: Hydraulic parIS we no! covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilol bearings NoIlor 4WD. FronI wheel drive extra 

2. Pr .... plate 6. New Iransmission oil 
3. CMch lise 7. Road lest $ * 

Brake Job Special 39 (reg . ~) 
FrPrt Of _ . fkljrI job incIud6s: 

1. !tIIIII !pICiaI MW peds or ntIII _ bralle SIIoes 5. Bleed entire braM SysIern 
2. Drain Old InIcB IUd 6. ~ Ironl Of cNns) on! rear shoes 
3. inIpecI canpIete hyGaUic system 7. Replace "0111 roIOr seaIt r~ rotor Il.m) ~. RIll hwdrlUlic: IUd 8. Road lest 
_ : HJIIrUC '*" •• 1IIIth:UIId 

..... -- ............. _ ............ ,. ........ ovwMul .. 
All _ WOlle ..... .,.., or 20 ........... !IIIted W-.nntJ. 

All ....... 1 ........ ,.... ....... . 

ovelseas (·::=:ratmrRd .• ...1990 
....... Rlplil. _,,::-~.,gg1. 
•• d...... . 

Towing and renIaf car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 anHi pm. Open ..... rday 



10 NEWS ThcUCSDG ...... 

TIAIN 
TOBEA IJ .JjS~ .. ~ · Brakes ,. US""""'" · Struts 1_ · Front Ends 
,~ .I'EIUAL r, c,.r, •• · Alignments .... ....-J 

~-----T-----T-----" FOUR-WHEEL ~ ".End 
I BRAKE I Front End I AIIgnIIIent I I I AlgI.... I ........ I 
I SPECIAL I tl\495 I III.net I ..,.~......... PICk .... 
: $6995 I ":~!!.::.: ;"44~ : 

DISCUSSION 
LEADER 

............. I _eM> ·1 ,_ I r-........ _I 
I .. TIIIIIIIIIII ........ h ~..,= ~ __ .E.-'an .. ~ 1ItpIIct ....... nI_ _____ _ __ _ 
I .!."= ';m. 01 ChMgt SpedII S1rut PICIIIgI 
IL -=::~ ! '995 II c..<~_. II 

_____ ~ _ ....... _.. 5wpt5t_ ..... .... 

F .... - ....... ~I ....... ..... I ront End I e.-'an~, -_.&pM,t,4ot,--.J 
I Alignment r~ Wh:i Drlv. -..-:. ~ICI' 
I $1495 I SerYIoI SpecIII I 0. SIIocb I 
I _ ... trlodll .... -.) 1 SSQ95 I $1 Q95 -. I 
L (jIpntlG11491 ..I c.Y._ ... ~ ... I _u.a.~ .... I 
----- ..... _.,12,.. --L - - . fIIIooo Ian.,., (jIpnt lt1411 .J 

• SUepenlion IIflI - - - - -
• Body lifts & Ioweringt lYIiIIbIe 
Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. /tl 

558-8562 

FOR 

HUMAN SEXUALITY 
CONTEMPOR.~V ISSUES 22. 
ENROlL THIS FAll IN 
DISCUSSION LEADING 
WORKSHOP. CONTEMPORARY 
ISUES 1 Q6. THE FIRST ClASS 
MEETS ON WEDl'JESSDAY. 
OCTOBER 2. AT 4:00 PM 
AT TENAYA HALL 702. 
INTERESTED UPPER-DMSION 
STUDENTS SHOULD CONTACT 
THE CONTEMFQRARY ISSUES 
OfFICE. 2024 H&SS. 
1534·358Q1 OR COME TO 
THE FIRST ClASS MEETlN:;. 
In.trvcton Prof. Lola I ... 

7525 EADS AVENUE 
AT PEARL 

STORE HOURS 
Mon.-Sat. 9 AM to 9 PM 
Sunday 9 AM to 6 PM • 

LA JOLL 
PHONES 

Main Store .............. 551-0699 
Pharmacy ............... 556-8698 
Photo Dept. ............ 551-0799 

STATIONERY • 
Come into Longs expanded Stationery 
Dept. for all your sdlOOI needs. Huge 
selection of pens, notebooks, in aU sizes, 
and even art suppliesl 

PHOTO & ELECTRONICS 
Cameras, film, watches and calculators, 
video accessories and more. Longs Photo 
Center features double prints at one low 
price EVERV DAY, plus a variety of custom 
photoprocessing services. 

I 
PHARMACY DEPT. 

Our full service pharmacy will fill your pre· 
scriptions prompIIy, accurately. and at rea· 
sonabIe prices. Longs carries a complete 
selection of name brand, private label and 
generic products. 

="'"""-=-

HALLMARK 
GIFTS & NOVELTIES 

Whatever the occasion, Hallmark ~ 
ably has just the right caret Come see 
Longs' unique giftware selections from 
Country Collectibles to traditional gift ideas. 

/ ~~-!J-ft-......... 

COSMETlCSl& 
You'lI find the most famous names in cos· 
metics and fragranoea at Longs as well as 
trained cosmeticians to 8SIist you with col· 
ors, treatment and application. 

STUDENT APPUANCES 
Longs stocks all the appIances students 
need and want. Don' pay department 
store prices, Come to Longs La Jolla for 
blow dryers, curling irons, hotplates, lOUt· 
ers and much more at Longs super low 
prices. 

•••••••••••• ••••••••••••••• 

• .~ .............. yOW' ChoIce • Color PrtnIa • 
........ 7' or ...... a..,. 4" • 

12, 15, 24, or 311....... • • • .• ~~"5I!~L---JrL-
: LAJOLLA 
:. STORE ONLY 

DouIIIe MIla • $299 = 
• L:~''''''--'''''''-' I ·Oood ..... '0t3II11'.UCID_ID ...... 

• Unlit 1 FlaIl Per eu.tam. 
• C41 ","DCIII' III Only 
• TIP' CcqIan 10 outIIde of erMIape 
• Not VIId on 112 ...... 01 BIIdt I • 

•••••••• LONG" VlIlUIIRl f COUP('N •••••••• 

Moadq, ..... "'cr 30, 1991 

RIMAe 
elA ........... 1 
veJopinafee inIpIenIcIDIionguidc-
linea]," she said. 

Boch .... leaders. who II· 
tended me,....' mcetinJ in Older 
to present me 1IUdenls' grievances 
reaardinlme Sprina 1990 rderen-
dum and me $70 perquancr student 

~. exprcued diuppoinlmCnt with 
the rcacncs' decision. 

HI was really upset. ':Orozcosaid. 
Hlfthey had given us a [fairer] hear· 
ina - had listened to us more -I 
would have been In(ft 81 case." 

"It didn't seem like they really 
caraI, " he added. 

"Considerina that this is a stu· 
denl·~funded fIIciliIy ,I ally think 
thai their voice should have been 
taken more into consideration." 
Fenton commented. 

"I think there are some very stu· . 
dent.responsive people that happen 
to be regents. Bur they don 't happen 
to be on the fanance committee:' 
Fenlon said. exceplina Reaent Roy 
T. Brophy, the only finance com-
mitteememberto vote against fund· 
inlRlMAC. 

Orozco and Fenlon DOled thai, 
after Fenton presented a leaer out· 
linina s£ucte.. views, the repnIS did 
not make an aIIeqIt to elicit man: 
infonnation by asking questions. 
Because of this, Fenton said. she has 
no way of knowing how well·in· 
formed the regents are regarding 
RIMAC. 

However, Fenton indicatcd the 
regents may have made their deci· 
sion durins a closed session before 
the meeting. 

Describing the regents' reactions 
while she was providing the student 
input, Fenton remarked, 0. A number 
of the regents were vel)' relaxed. 
Some of them were looking at the 
infonnation produced [by the uni-
versity before the student n:fcren-
dum]. a number orlfem were shuf-
flina papers ... some appemd to be 
sleeping." 

Watson, who also ~ the 
meeting, gave a ditre.mt opinion. 
When asked if he thought the stu-
dents wen: treated with respect, he 
replied, "Y cs. absolutely. They were 
attentive to her statements, they lis-
tened to her." 

"They treated this issue with reo 
spect," he said "They wanted to be 
sun: they understood the students' 
position,andreachedadecisionthat 
was infOlmed.llot arbitrarily." 

Watson said that the n:gentsques· 
tioned him regb:ding need for the 
facility. and wheth<;r the student fee 
would be covered by financial aid 

While Watson said that the reo 
gents took the issue "quite serio 
ously," he also explained that the 
regents "viewed it in the context of 
their procedures and policies. They 
assumed that i: was brought through 
the proper channels. It did not nee<f 
special ancntion." 

The student leaders hoped that, 
because a 40 percent fee increase 
was unforeseen at the time of the 
referendum, the RIMAC student fee 
would be seen in a new light. How· 
ever. "there was no consideration 
[by the regents] of the IlUdents' 
ability to ply the fee." Fenton said 

In return, Watson said, ""0 tie 
RlMAC with the 40 pcn:ent ~ 
increase would weaken the student 
IIlJIIIIICI1l apinst ~ ina f PIer It 
would be c:owuerproductive for 
thoee who really arecollcemcd with 
IIUdeM feci. " 

PorllUdenlslOoppoeea '"fcethal 
is two peron of the IIIUdenr budget 
is diIinpIuouI ..... " W8IIOn 
reowted. 

MooadaJ, Sq 4'IA: 30, 1991 

SHU I liES 
........ 7 

for 30 minuIes before beginning 
their I'OUIeI. 

One driver anivcs at 5:30 Lm. 
and begins the shuttle route. 6Lm. 
from UCSD, whiIc the 0Iher anives 
a&6Lm. and beJios!he shuuIc I'OUIe 
816:30 from UCSD, Soce said. 

Snee said thai several runs will 
be added in the evenina hours. 
SbuttIes will IQY leave the Mcd 
Center. 7. 7:30, 9. and 10 p.m. 
They wiD leave UCSD a& 7, 8:45 
and 9:45 p.m. 

But removing the 6:05 Lm. 
shunlc run is thai boCh the 6:05 Lm. 
riders and Ihc 6:30 LIII. riders to 
compete for seabnJ. 

As a solution. Snee said that 
TransportIIionAitemllivesis looIt· 
ina into pun:hasina vehicles with 
higber passenger capability. "We 
are out for bids for vehicles with 33 
sealS - a 2.5 pen:enl increase in 
scats, " Snee said. 

Snce is aIIIO considcrinI apply. 
ina for approval by the California 
Hipway PIbol which win allow 
allow SlaDdin& in the buses on pu~ 
lie: streetL &.ndina in buses is cur· 
rendy allowed only on campus 
stnIeU. 

"However. I am questioning 
whether we sbouId do it for safety 
reasons, "Snceaddcd. Hcmentioned 
thai the sevae glide on downaown 
San J>icao's Washin,ton Street 
could be difficult for atanding pas-
sengers. 

"We wiD addrerI this once we 
gee the vehicles and the O.K. fnim 
CHP," he aaid. 

Snee said that once the new v~ 
hicles are on-line. two old shuttle 

The UCSD Guardiln 

buses wiD be taken off·line to be 
usedas~ 

At the moment, since all of the 
newer 27-SC8I vehic:les are on-line 
durina the day. Ihc older, 2.5-seat 
vehicles are !lied as spares incase of 
breakdowns. 

Snce speculated thai the new. 
33-seat buses could arrive in two to 
six months. "The new buses are a 
long-term solution.1n theshOl1 tenn. 
people will have to ac;Ijust their 
schedules to accommodate [the 
overcrowding]." he said 

"[Overcrowding] has been a 
problem for the last five years duro 
ing the beginningoflhc school year. 
It usually adjusts after two weeks or 
fIJ," he added. 

ERRATUM 
In the OrIentatIon Issue of the UCSO Guardian, the scene In 8 

photo was InconectJy identified as the beach below Scripps PIer. 
The pier was actually Crystal PIer In Pacific Beach. The Guardian 
re&J8IS th~ error . 

... and an affordable 
price from $75,900. 
• LUSH GREENERY" LAGOON 
• SWIMMING POOL " SPAS 
• TENNIS, GYMS, VOLLEYBALL 
- CONVENIENT LOCATION 

1 and 2 Bedroom Condominiums in 
POINT LOMA 

PACIFIC 0; ISLE 
CONDOMINIU 

(619) 224-1721 
3050 Rue D"OIWans. San Diego 

MODElS OPEN 1()'5 DAILY 

StatView Student: 
I 

Statistical Software that's easy 
to use and easy to afford 
Learning statistics is difficulf students because: tlcian or a 
enough. Why should you have -it's powerful, yet easy to usc computer jock to 
to struggle with your statistical • it's very affordable use it. 
software 15 well? -it's designed to run on any StatVlew Student is 
You don't have to. Madntoslt.lncluding the Oas- not designed to be a 

Abacus Concepts has been 
sic. LC, and Iisi replacement for your text· 

designing elsy·to-use, yet pow· l,tte-.,,;;oioiZ1 book or your teacher. Irs sim-ply the most effective Macintosh 
erful Macintosh statistical soft· ~ . J ' ...•.. _ ...... " ~ tool for getting your statistics 
ware since 1984. In fact. our 
StatViewe line has won the M8c. ; ~K Ii workdonc. 
world World Class Award for ; i l . r~ StatView has always been easy Best Macintosh Statistics Soft· I . . ~ • ... to use. Now it's easy to afford, ., •••• 1 
ware four limt5. No other sta tis· U __ :~= ~ ~!~ n~::·:+' too. Ask for StatView Student at tics program has ever won this your campus bookstore or com· 
award. puter center. Or call us at 511)-
Now t~re'5 a version of 

SII'V" S, ..... , ftw /Itt Mlc:i1ll4llt 540-1!H9. StatVlew Student has a 
is /Itt .f1or*Mt'" • ...,. list price of 599. Academic dis-StatVltw designed just for stu· "".,iIIfI ftw shlMltlS 

counts arc available. dents. By working closely with With StatVicw Student, you can 1\[11\<..\4.$ professors from several bding perform descriptive statistics. t· 
uniVC!rsitics, Ablcus Concepts tests, regression, ANaYA. contin-
bas developed the optimal com- gmty tables,lnd nonpIramctric 
bination 01 statistia and pph- tests on your datasets. Whars JIQS(CIUP1\ .. Ins features for .tudent users. more, SWVIew Studult Jiva ... ..... 
The result 01 this joint rHort Is you stylistic control ~ your mllY,QM*a 
StatVIew Student. paphs IJId IIbIes. And best 01 (SIll ,.. .... (SII) MNIII f. 
StalVicw StudenIIJ perfect for all. you don't hive! 10 be I .tis- ....W.i ..... .,.-. 
!llMlw1l ................ .,Alllcwc...,.. ... Io.I .......... I ................... ., ........... ........ 

NEWS 11 

Call now for your FREE Diagnostic test 
and consultation: 
587-8600 

86j() GIMIH A~· S";,, 218· COila V,rd, Shopping C,fII,r 

VONS PHARMACY 
Special Discount 

For UCSD Students 
on All Prescriptions 

- $2 Off prescription price with UCSD I) P 
• Fast service If.. 
- Insuronce billing '!; ~ 
- Open 7 days a week Rc 
- Grocery shop while your prescription 

is being 611ed 
- Offw expires January 1, 1992 

VONS~ 
7788 REGENTS ROAD 

455-6340 



12 

". .. - f ~ "'1 ->-.,.,.~-t:--'1!f'!'!'- ~~. --::-'~ .f""~·..-It!" '~~~."EM~'~t"~."'-'~.r:"JIIIIl.·~~""' '' .c"~~ .... .:-. .... ,...q~"~~ "" ~"'V·'(;.' ~7'. ',,"'J""""·!f " !II'~~_;.t" "J ,,::"!.,_.3""'"¥' ....... ~ .. .,.. ~ " .""''''''' ''.:t.r.'''''' .............. ..:.IIi<It~. 4 ..... ... • .. 
. . ~ I' .... .. I ",.. ~ .~..- .'\.. , .. . ~ ..... ''*'-- '" '#.~ ' .. a .~' "I ; 

~ • I , } , 
, • • ~ 1 ' I 

. --..- .--~~ ~~ ~~ ... -- -....,.. "-- - -=-------.~~..:::=- .::=........--

• . . 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 30,1991 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 
CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

DOMINO'S®pIZZA GUARANTEES 
PRODUCT GUARANTEE 
If you're not happy with your pizza for ANY 
REASON, call the store manager IMMEDIATELY, 
and we'll replace it and refund your money. 

SERVICE GUARANTEE 
If your pizza doesn't arrive within 30 minutes 
from the time you order, you will receive $3.00 
OFF your order. 

'f "1> 
... ". /.r ...... 

. " 

~ 

Hours: 
11 am-l am 5un.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

CARRY OUT GUARANTEE 
Call ahead or stop by and your pizza is guaranteed to 
be ready in 12 minutes or $3.00 OFF. 

~-----------~-----------~-----------T-----------~ I 
I CIIL\P f) .. \1L! 

IMPROV 
COMEDY 

MEAL DEAL 

$1099p",w 
Large \-itl.'lTl pizza and a l>-pack of Coke 
PLUS an IMPROV Comedy VIP Pass for 
2 for only S10.99, plus tax. Additional 
toppings extra. Coupon required. 
Mention whl.'l1 ordering. Offer good 
while VIP Passes last and only at UCSO, 
SDSU. PacifIC Beach and Ocean Beach 
locations. Delivery or Carryou!. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

V .... ~_...,. NoI_ .. ..,_ 
_.u..o~_. __ """Our 
_...,. ... _120.00. __ . 
EIc!*eo 1011"1. 

: TWO MEDIUM 
I CHEESE 

. PIZZAS 
$1088 

Two medium ORIGINAL or 
PAN cheese pizzas for only 
$10.88, plus tax. Toppings 
additional. Delivery or 
Carryout. JUST ASK! 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

NoI __ ", __ ."--'_ID 
__ ...... Our_...,. ... _ 
120.00. No-__ ",10127"1. 

\ I ( ) \ I I " \ \ J \ (, ( ) I I 1 1.;.' 

MEDIUM 
MEAL 
DEAL 
$975p,"~ 

I 

LATE ' 
NIGHT 

SPECIAL 
$599~~w 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Medium 2-Item ORIGINAL 
pizza and 2 Cokes for only 
$9.75, plus tax. Coupon 
required. Mention when 
ordering. Delivery or Carryout 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I Medium Pepperoni pizza for only I 

55.99, plus tax. Offer good after I 
9:00 p.m. only. Delivery or I 
Carryout. JUST ASK! I 

CALL US! I CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD I 4S2-UCSD NoI __ .., __ . ~....,_. II --.. ..,--.LlnIIoI-.r,_. 
--~~-~-- --~~-~-­......... --~~ I ... ,.. ......... EII*oa 1"'.1. 

~ ~~! 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ' 
I 
I 
I 

Moaday, Sq+iuw 30,1991 

CARD: Rejected by Co-ops 
Cer'4' I" ....... 1 
said. 

Jeff Carbca, a member of the 
Gcneral Store eo.q" said die 
store ham't joined the sysem for 
tbrec reIIIiOI1S. 

The store doesn't like the 
use of credit (it doesn't 8CCeJ'l 
credit cants), co-op members 
"want to ~ prices low" by not 
paying for extra equipment and 
user fees, and members don't 
want their profits going through 
the administralion. 

Corbett said the adminisu. 
lion could easily take control of 
the money through such a sys-
tem, although he believes it is 
unlikely. 

"For us - the money stays in 
the store," off the UC Card sys-
tem, he said. 

For that reason, Corbett 
doesn't think the General Store 
will ever join the system, II least 
not while cumnt co-op mem-
bers are still around. "We don't 
ever WIIIl to be on it, " he said. 

So far, no transactions seem 
to have been lost without the 
card. 

Four students buying books 
II the General Store have asked 
to use their card, but sliD pur-
chased the books without it, ac-
cording to Corbett. 

Though Corbett said he can 'I 
speak for the other co-ops, he 
believes they generally oppose 
the card for similar reasons. 

Despile the lack of co-op sup-
port, the card appears to be popu-
lar with some students without 
negatively impacting the co-ops. 

LA SA"DfiLE 
1\LPS lEVA 
EARTH SANDALS DECKERS 
SPORT SANDALS REEF 

MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWNI 
a.,. Sfi"DflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

1bc UCSD Guardian 

CARUN 
ConIInued flam .... 1 
edy CenIra1 television crew asked 
him 10 respond 10 counselor Spear's 
questions in a withdrawn manner, 
he managed like a pro in front of 
numerous television cameras. 

Asch's tour with Carlin aired on 
local news stations and in the San 
Diego press. 

Comedy Cenual will premier 
clips of the tour during its "Shon 
Attention Span Theater" on Friday. 
October II. Many students and fac-
Ulty members appear in the seg-
ments. Comedy Central is located 
on Southwest Cable's channel 37. 

Carlin appeared grateful toward 
the helping students and faculty, 
and even liked Bond'sorganic chem-
istry class. 

"It was a wonderful class, espe-
cially the thing about the hetero-

cycle~ A heterocycle sounds like a 
wonderful thing 10 ride, especially 
with someone you love." Carlin said. 

FIND 
Roommales 

TIckets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Rentals 
Jobs 

Compulers 
and more in Ihe 

UCID GUARDIAN 
CUIIIFlEDS 

upstairs in the Student Center. 
above Ihe General Store. 

NEWS 13 

GO WILD - Christina Zimmerli, Steve Mills, and Mike Pirkerton 
enjoy the Muir College day at the San Diego Wild Animal Park. 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 

~~~:~~~;;~;$-35-
Mu.1 prelelll "'ilCoupon. b p 10/14/91 

please ask about our other services su~h as manicures and hair core! 
--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTER 

8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 

r-------- -~-------

Parki"ng and Transportation 
Services Welcomes You To 

UCSD 
HR 
P~H6 

PARALLEL 
ONLY 

fifiI1 

We would like to remind you Ihat there is no free parking on campus. All vehicles 
(including mOlorcycles and mopeds) need 10 have a pennil or be parked in a paid meter. 
Process for pIIrchasing a parkin!! permit (different this year): 

• Go to Parking OffICe 10 apply and have charge entered into ISIS data base 
• Then proceed 10 Cenll"lll Cashiers to pay for and receive pennil 

Ofnce hours 'or each location: 
Parking Office 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday-Friday 
Central Cashiers 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 

Moil-in fWrmi, ordm fIIlly ~ picW up 0' Parking, 400 MAAe. 8:00 a.m. 104:00 p.m. 
MtJnday·Fridlly (btg;nning Sep,ember /8) 
Student Pmuit Prices: Annual Studenl "S" $225 per year 

Quarterly Student "SQ" $75 per quarter 
PLEASE BEAR WrrH US! 

SollIe ("ampus roods may ~ subjec, '0 ,emporary closure or traffic illferruptioll dlle to 
t:tJlu,r/lCfion. 

If you have Pllking questions, aive USI call at S34-4223. Phones may be busy .. . pleasc 
keep trying. 

Sale. 

LJCSD 
BOOKSTORE 

UCS.D ·BOOKSTORE 
L-... _____________ .J. ___________ ~ ___________ .L _____________ _"' '~q' GRhCE PERIOD S"ptpmhr- 2129 1991 Studrnt SP.lCf.'~ ONLY' GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 7106 OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 



14 

Strike It rich when you 
sign up belore 
October 18. 
Now's your 
chance! You 
could win big in 
the Lottery or 
spoil yourself silly 
with Ben & Jerry's 
ice cream. When 
you sign up before 
October 18, you'll 
get a free Lottery 
ticket or Ben & 
Jerry's cone coupon 
for every $25 you 
deposit. * It's your 
choice. 
. Students under 18 will outornallc lIy 
rec-elve Ben & J ny's cane coupons. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, September 30,1991 

That's rightl If you lived in the 
re sidence halls last year you 

qualify for the Dining Plus 
~--<.::::;~ Matching Funds pro-

OJ 
gram. When you 

• open your new 
~~..J. account before 

~ .. ~ October 18, we'll 
match the first $25 
you deposit. * For 
more information 
stop by the Dining 
Plus Office on the 
Revelle Campus. 

· Matchmg funds may not be 
refunded. Apartment students do 
not qualify for this special offer. 

Join Dining Plus and 
Ben & Jerry's for FREE 

ice cream near the 
main gym on Oct. 3 
from 11 :00 until the 

Whatls in· it lor you? 
Convenience - Use your 
UCSD Ld. card to make your 
purchase s--no need to carry 
cash. 

I) 

Savings - Dining Plus is a 
discount program that saves 
you 10% at popular dining 
spots all over campus. 

Other specials - Get a free foun-
tain drink (12 or 16 oz.) with every 
purchase of $3.50 or more. 

Happy Birthday - Get a FREE pint 
of Ben & Jerry's ice cream on your 
birthday. 

Coming soon - Dining Plus and 
Domino's deliver on or off campus. 
Use your Dining Plus account to pur-
chase Domino's pizza delivered right 
to your door. 

DININGi-

Moaday, ScptaDbcr 30,1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 15 

PuttIng Beano to the Test cludes pro-Beano quotalions fmr]l various recognized intestinal-gas au-
thorities, including (I am still noI male-
ing this up) The Nt'W Yark Times, The 
Idaho SlDIesman and Regis Philbin. 
The advertisement calls Beaoo "asci-
entific and social breakthrough," and 
saa&es: "II'S time 10 spill the Beano." 

buildups thal cause explosions in ani-
mals, plants, plumbing, humans. ClC. 
In recenl months I've received news-
paper reports of explosions involving 
a flounder, a marshmallow, a mal-
tress, two wine bottles, several pace-
makers (during cremation), countless 
toilets, a flaming cocktail called a 
"harbor light," chicken livers, snail 
eggs, a turkey, a tube ofPoppin' Fresh 
Biscuits, a raccoon and a set of breast 
implants. 

Seveml of them had sent me actual 
samples of Beano which comes in a 
small plastic bottle, from which you 
squirt drops OI1tO your food. But until 
I gotJustice Stevens'lefler. [had not 
realized that this was a IT1aUer of con-
cern in the highest levels of govern-
ment. When you see the Supreme 
Court justices, they always appear 10 
be extremely solemn, if not actually 
deceased. Jt never occurs to you that. 
under those robes. they have digestive 
~ys'ems, 100. BUI they do, as can be 

Recc:IGy I m::cival a Ieaer from a 
justice of the Uniled SIIIC:S Supreme 
Court an:anin& a product called 

DAVE BARRY 

~"I abIolUlely SWC8' I an noc 
rnakins this up. The Ieaa', wriam on 
official U.S. Supreme Court SIDtio-
ray. oomes from Justice John Pad 
Stevem, who SIaIts: 

.'" 
...... 

.... 

--

o~ 
... 

:» 
... '" 
.,.:» 
zz 
-:» 
• 
.... 

... . 

0'" 
... 

Z· 
0-
_% 
... '" 
U' _ ... 

-~ 
'" • 

"Having long been concerned 
about the probIcmof explodingrows, 
it seemed impenIIive to pass 00 to you 
the enclosed advatisanenl. the im-
pon.1CC of which I an sure will be 
inmcdiIIeIy IIppIRIlt 10 you." 

JusticeStevensenclosed .. adver-
tismlent from Cooking Ligh/ maga-
zine for &100, which. 8CCOIding 10 
the manufacIurer. "~enlS the gas 
fitm ban." The advenisement in-

I was alI\3Jy aware of this prod-
uct. I don'l wish to toot my own hom. 
so 10 speak, but thanks 10 theefforts of 
hWldrcds of aIen readers, my offICe 
happens 10 be the World Clearing 
House for information relating 10 gas 

So needless to say, many readers 
had already alerted me aboul Beano. See BEANO, Page 16 

. UelD FRAMING SPECIAL 
Let us frame your choice of any poster in a black aluminum 

frame mounted on foamboard with glass $3 5 " 
Not 1O..aed 24'1136' . Prial deM. not inclucl. pol..... for only 
0II.r upIreI 1 0/1.5/91. 

STUDENT SPECIAL· 5 POSTERS FOR THE PRICE OF 4 
~ upeno;.. pooIIIr FAfE. 0- not includearl prinh. E.pt ... 10/15/91. 

UNIVIIIIIT ron. CllIfII lAc ross from The BroadwaYI 452·7755 

Here's 1hedeal: We've paired scmeofthelIlClSl popular ~ Mar:mm •. a:mpu&m with !Dlleofthe most ~ Apple prmers. 
Buyoncof1hcseaxnbiJwims.lDI save big bucks. Got it? Good. Now gctgaing. This offer is available only for a limited time. See 
)'001' auh>rizDt AA* caDlplS mJelJertoday for details. And disOOver the power ofMacirtaih. The JX>Wer l> be your besl· Macintosh Classic 

\ 

money on 
Macintosh 

TheApp1e StyleWriter~ an ink-jet printer that 
deliveJs 1aser-quaJity printing (360 dots per 
indt). . It's rot much Jatger than an average 
texdxrlc, and it weighs only five pouOOs. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MOM 6 FIll IAM-' PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Macintosh LC 

Siltl' u4wn }'CJIj buy an 
arro~h/q )lac/nrmh 
Class, compllwr 
wllh ellher an APf!le 
Slyle Wriler or an AI¥JIe 
I'mlJnal l.aserWriler'" 
IS printer • 

Save ('1\" 1 mon' ll'hrn 
)" " hOI)' a Ma IIIIIlS/o 
I.e CO"'I!"feT-IlUr 
mus! 'lffortilllJ/e fiNor 
syslem--u'Ith eIther (UI 
API)I. Slyl. Wnl., '" all 
Apple ?mona/IJJ"" · 
.=~:I=' \!'nlerIS pnnl", " 

MaCIntosh IIsi 

Stu" the moSI lI'he" 
)'011 buy a hl/lh·JlI'I!or-
ma'ICe Macllllosh /lSI 
CQmplller u',h filii", 
an A/JIJk Ptr.!cJllal 
LaserWnier IS or an 
A[J{)Ie T'mtlIllJI I.I1SR,· 
wri/er rvr prinler H 

*Offer applies oo1y 10 a Macintosh Classic 
willi a built-in lad disk. 

•• MoniIa' sold separaIeJy. 



16 OPINION 

BEANO 
ContInued from pege 15 
seen by a careful reading of the IIW\-
scripI of a recent coon hearing: 

CHIEF JUsnCE RFlINQUIST: 
Is the ooun to undeniIand. !hen, thal 
thecounsd's iIurpmationofthe SIal-
ute is... All rigin! Who sIiccd the 
Limburger? (He glares at the other 
jUSliccs.) 

JUSTICE SCALIA: Well, I am 
not naming names, but I happened to 
be glancing III the liberal wing of the 
cowt, and I definitely saw some robes 
billow, if you catch my drift. 

JUSTICE BLACKMUN: Oh, 
sure, and I suppose the cmservlllive 
wing doesn't sourxi like The All-Star 
Kazoo Band over there. Myopinioos 
are blowing off the bench. 

JUS11CEO'CONNOR:Ohyab? 
Well why doIl't you take your opin-
ionslDd... •. 

nu is bad for America. We need 
our highesl judicial body to SlOp this 
childish bicIca'ing and get back to 
ddIIling the kinds of weighty oonsti-
IubonaI isriaa 1hIt have absorbed the 
court in rea:rl yan. such as whdher 
acitycan legally forc::eanexaticdaocer 
to cover her enIR nipple, or juIl the 
pad that pokes out. 

So I decided, ~ a tax..<Jcductibie 
public service, to do a Beano FIdd 
Test TomakesuretheleSl was legally 
valid, I ~ a friend of mine, Paul 
Levine, who's a trained attorney as 
well as an auIhor, if he'd paniciplk 
Paul is a selfless, concemed citizm, so 
I was not surprised at his IDIwcr. 

"Only if you menion that my criti-

The UCSD G1IIU"d;an 

callyacclaimednowlTo5p«JJcforthe 
D«Id is now aVlilable in pepabct, " 
he said. 
, "I'm afraid I can'l do .... "I said. 

BII Pad aped 10 panicipMe in the 
Field Tesr anyway, bcausc d1II is the 
kind 0( American he is. My wife, 
Beth, also 8ped 10 panicip8le, a1-
Ihough I wa.II 10 SIR!S& that, beins a 
woman, she has never, ever, in her 
enIR life. not once, produced any 
kind of gaseous digestive byproduct. 
and whcnshedoessheblames itonthe 
dogs. 

Tomake !his the most demanding 
field leSt possible, we went toa Mexi-
can JataUranl Mexican restaurants 
slip higlHx:tMe beans into vinually 
everything !hey serve, including bIeaIh 
miru. It is not by mere chance that 
most of Mcxiro is Iocakd otdxIrs. 

Pad, Bah ... Iappied the B.Io 
toourfood_diJa:aed-dne-", 
drops pcrservin&-'" we ale it. For 
the rat 0( the eYenina we w.ldcled 
around 10 various ..... spoil. await-
ina ~dopments. Other people It 
these niahI sports w= probably hav-
ina exciting. romantic oonversatiol .. 
but ours went like dti: 

ME: So! How's evayonc doing? 
BEllI: AD quiet! 
PAUL: Nella snap. crackleorpop! 
Anyway, the boaom (Har!) line is 

thai Beano SCICmI to work pretty wen. 
Pall reponed the next day that all had 
been fairly cahn,allhoughal 3:30a.m. 
he was ~ by an ouIbwst. 
"You're fanliIiar with the Uzi"" was 
how he put it I myself was far safer 
than usuaJ 10 lightamald1 arcuxI. ... 
Beth reponed Ihar the dogs had been' 

Monday, Scpecmber 30,1991 

UIUU8IIy qua 
SOlhiscouldbelnirr ........ pr0d-

uct. Maybe. when you go 10 a n:Sbw-
..... if you order CCI1IIin foods. the 
waiter should bring Bealo to )'QUI' 
table, insaeId of those stupid utility-
pn!ecimd pepper ~ ''OR for 
IOI1JC Beano?" the waila' could lIlY. 
..,..,. me. )"QU'D need it." 

AndFUingbacklOJusticeSeevera' 
origi1al ooncem, Ilhink federal hcli-
copeers should spay massive QIIIdi-
ties of Beano on the natioo's dairy 
fanns, to mduce the caw methane 
0Iiput. 

And of course: it should bemOndo· 
lory in the dining rooms of the United 
SIllIes Congress. I'm sure the ~ 
prcme Coun will back me up 00 this. 

- o.w Beny II • syndIc8ted 
humor columnist 

It's not just another way for you 
to spend your money 

It's a way to· help you save it. 
, 

Now, get the Card and get 
Student Privileges, Special 
savings created just for you. 
Only from American Express. 
If you think the American Express· Card is ' 
simply another way to buy thing , weCl like 
to share some valuable new with you: Since 
you're a student, the Card eml actually help 
you save. 

Become a Studem CardmembeJ.: today, and 
you'll automatica II,}' get American Express· 
Student Privileges, our newly expanded 
package of outstanding saving and special 
offers. All designed just for you- wit h more 
of what you need, for more value from the 
money you spend. 

Use your certificates to visit friends at other 
school , see your family back home or enjoy 
yourself during a vacation. And the best part: 
Each certificate could save you as much as 
1250 over regular Continental Airlines/ares 
011 a coasl·tO:coast trip. 

OUR NEWEST ADVANTAGE: UPTO 
30 MINUTES" OF FREE MCI LONG·DlSTANCE 

CALLING EVERY MONTH FOR A YEAR 

Talk about value. Now the Card can 
also help you save on your long· 
distance calls. In tOlal , you 
could save more than 144 
when )'014 enroll and use 
lheAmerican b.press 
Card as a calling card. 
And you don't even have to 
change your currem long· 

••• -:-_ distance company. 

Continental 

3 ROUNDTRIPS ON 
CONTlNENTALAIRUNES-AT A PRICE THAT 

REALLY MAKES flYING AFFORDABLE 

Only Student Card members can enjoy 
this great deal on Cominemal Airlines: 

t~ree roundtrip flights for just '129 or '189 
each- depending on where you're going~ 
What's more, these certificates are good any· 
where Cominental Airlines lIies in the 48 
contiguous state:;. 

PUJS, SAVINGS ON CLOTHES, FOOD, 
MUSIC ... AND MORE 

tudent Privilege Value Certificates give 
you the savings you need on the tbings 
you want- a Sl,lre way to make the most of 

• 

a college budget. This year alone, Student 
Cardmembers have saved at Pizzeria Uno, 
Eddie Bauer, MTV and ArtCarved class rings, 
among others. 

You'll find )lour certificates in each issue of 
our exclusive student magaZine, American 
Express· Card CONNECTIONS-where you'll 
also find valuable ideas and information 
about college life today. 

A GOOD INVESTMENT, A GREAT VAUJE 

Rx just S55 a year, the Card gives you all 
these savings, as well as all the traditional 

benefits of Cardmembership- Iike 
the personal attention you can get 

24 hours a day from our Customer 
Service representatives. 
And because you settle your account in 

full each month, you won't pay anyfinaoce 
charges- which can save you even more. 

All of which goes to show that the 
American Express Card is an exceptional 
value. Because while there are many ways 
for you to spend your 
money. there are few 
that help you save it . 
Apply today. 

Get the Card today. Call1-800-942-~ 
~ .. 

, 

~, Scptanber 30, 1991 

THOMAS 
ConIInuecI from ~ 5 
fore a justice must by to follow the 
Framers' original intent. 

Although this is a widely held 
tenet of constilUtionallaw.1bomas' 
recent contention is suspiciously 
mainstream and unlike his previ-
ously held positions. 

If 1l1omas were to follow his 
own version of Natural Law, we 
must ask what course it would take. 
Given Thomas' religious back-
ground. this path might ultimately 
involve Catholic doctrine. Depend-
ing on one's own religiou.~ views, 
this mayor may not be a positive 
thing. 

I wouldn'l feci comfortable with 
I justice who valued certain c0ntro-
versial opinions of the Cailiolic 
OIurch, Particularly those involv-
ing birth control and abonion. 

The fact of whether one is a 
Catholic or not is, of course, mean-
ingless unless the person has the 
willingness and the ability to im-
pose their particular moral code on 
the rest of us. 

Conventional wisdom is thatRoe 
v. Wade will be overturned - or at 
least substantially gutted - when 
1bomas takes a seat on the Court. 
1bomas has steemd clear of an-
swering any questions concerning 
Roe. for obvious political reasons. 

Atone point, Thomas went so fIJI' 
as to say that he had never contem-
plated the merits of the case nor 
discussed it with anyone, even in a 
personal context. Not even 1110-
mas' Catholic nun teachers could 
have believed that one. 

Should Thomas have been forced 
to give his judicial or personal opin-
ion on Roe v. Wade or any other 
case? The answer is no - despite 
the frustration involved. 

Thomas should not be coerced 
into giving his opinion one way or 
the other (and was therefore right 
for oot doing so) for two reasons: 
first, he would be chained to his 
opinion and be called a liar if he 
'altered it later. 

And, second. due to the length of 
the hearings, it would be easy to 
imagine the sheer volume of ques-
tions if, for example. the Senate 
Judiciary ComrnitteedecidedlogriU 
lbomason how He would have vOled 
on every single case involving abor-
tion, labor law, or property rights. 
The process could take years, given 
the senators' twisted pleasure for 
lengthy and circular questions. 

Despite the resttaints placed on 
the committee, there is enough evi-
denceto suggest that Thomas , opin-
ions will lean toward the far right 
Enough, in fact, to send fear into the 
hearts of liberals and moderates 
alike • 

The decision by the Bush adrnin-
istraIion wascJearly apolitical move. 
Anyone whodou~ lhat1he Dem0-
crats would have done the same this 
is nafve at best. 

However. does this mean that 
the Judiciary Committee, and ulti-
mately, the Senate, cannot respond 
in kind? 

That is to say, why not reject 
ThomIson purely political grounds, 
just as he was nominated for purely 
political reasons? 

The alternative is to suffer de-
cades of risllt-wins judicial deci-
sioosand,perlIapsmoreimponandy, 
wirness the overturninS of RM v. 
Wade. 

RaId z.-, BImat 
." .......... 

.. 811_ 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 17 

nr UClDG.;N/ ......... JOIW ...... Md COM · 
- ...... Dtop )"DUI' Irnw .. me c .. ~;.. ofI\ort: (_ .... -.I fIoar 01 ........ _. c.. .... _ 
... GoMraIStorclo< _ II '"' 

You Can Become A o,wo.-CMN;" 
_G_Do. OJI6 

IA ...... CA "'24131, 
'- _ ... ."... _ ....... &ad • ." 

-.--....... -.U""Pcd ....... __ ........... .u ___ ...... _ DOCTOR OF CHIROPRACTIC 
• ...., .............. __ ........ cdl •• 
..... -....., . 

A Palmer College of Chiropractic West 
Admjasions Reoreseotatiye WUI Discussj 

Careen in ChiTCJ/m.u:cic 

PALMER 
Palmer West's ProllT(lms & f aciliries 

Admissions Procedures & Financial Aid O/>/.'()Ttlmities 
COLLEGE OF CIIIROPRAC"TIC 

WEST 
Santa Clara, CA 

For further information on this 
P.bner Wett Student Meeting, call: 

Collect 1 (800) 442·4476 

• 

Instead of roaming the parking lots, ride the bus. Instead of stalking an empty spot, sit back and relax. 

" 

Enjoy yourself. Tum up your headset. Look at the scenery for a change. Talk. Read. Cram for a test if you have to. 
Why drive yourself nuts when you can ride for only $47 a month. As many rides on buses and trolleys as you want. 

Stop hunting. Start riding. Because we all know it's a jungle out there. 

1he Routes To Know To Get Where You Want Ta Go 

""Of 

Four .San Diego Transit routes serve UCSD. Chance are, one will 
take you directly where you want 10 go. If not, an easy transfer 
connects you to bus and trolley routes going everywhere in the county. 
Urban Fare $1.25, Express Fare (Rts. 30 & 50) S 1.50. 

Koute SO. Express between Downtown San Diego and La lolla Village 
Square via Clairemonl, University City, Universily Towne Centre and 
V A Hospital. Note: Rt. 50 does not serve the campus direct. It travels on 
La lolla Village Dr. 

Kook 30, Express between Downtown San Oiego and USIU via 
Pacific Beach, La Jolla, Torrey Pines Rd., UCSD, VA Hospital, 
University Towne Centre. Miramar Rd., Mira Mesa and Scripps Ranch. 
Route 34. Downtown San Diego to University Towne Centre via Lorna 
Por1aI, Mission Beach. Pacific Beach, La Jolla, La Jolla Shores, Scripps 
Institute. UCSD, V A Hospital. Scripps Hospital, UCSD Housing, La 
Jolla Village Square (34A only) and North University Cily Housing 
(34A only). 
Route 41. Torrey Pines Golf COUM 10 Fashion Valley via Scripps 
Clinic, UCSD, VA Hospital, University Towne Centre. University City. 
Clairemont, Mesa College and Linda Vista. 

Free bus rides around campus for UCSD students, faculty, staff, grad 
students and spouses. lust bring your UCSD photo ID to the UCSD 
Transportation Alternative at 406 MAAC or call 534-RIDE. 
Monthly bus and trolley passes ($47) are at the Cashiers Office, 
401 MAAC. 
Free Campus Bus Route Maps and bus schedules are available al the 
Transportation Alternative or RIDESHARE boards throughout campus. 

Need more bus infonnation? Call 

233-3004 
seven days a week, 5:30 a.m. and 8:30 p.m. 
(TTY for hearing impaired only, 234-5(05) 

San Diego Transit • 

" 



18 SPOB.TS 

W.SOCCER 
CenllnUld ........ 24 
minutes into the pme. 

Four minutes later, Bradford 
scored off a free kick by Shea. 
ClIapman scc:maIdazed.havinadug 
irself a 2-0 hole in just over len 
mimltes, in the proc:as allowins 
UCSD to capitalize on two clumsy 
penallies. 

Afterthe pmc,Bradford sccmcd 
relieved 10 have scored, saying only 
d1II it was "about time." 

Meanwhile, Ihe Panthers 
dropped back, givina up lotally on 
whal meaaer offense they had t» 
fore. 

Still, the Tritons dominated, 
keeping the ball on the Panther side 
of the field for ITlOSI of the half. 

"They really came out and 
suprised us with their aagressivc-
ness," said Cbapman Head Coach 
Gregg Murphy. 

Lady Luck blessed the Lady Tri-

PRE·LAW f} 
CO-ED FRA TERNITI' 

FALLQ~ 
RUSH'91 
Phi Alpha Delta, Int'l. 
Headed for Law School? Join u ! 
Weekly meetings. speakers. special 
evenl~. Networking, crucial infor-
mation. good friend . It's your future. 
For more contact: 

558-8681 

• You chao ... the 
edoptlng perent • 

• Your lega' 'ees. 
mad'cel & persan,,' 

expenses may be 
peld 'Of bV Ihe 

adopting parenlS 

4370 La .101 .. VII .... Drift 
SUit. 300, s.n Diego 

552-8080 

~m nnr nnw "IIIUU! 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Ea .... $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

10 $ t 00 per week. 

Please call 
MD LUOUTOaI •• 

226·1733 

lOIII in the second half with two 
inswwJce goals. 

An embmusin& hand bill call 
18 minutes into the IeaJI1d half sea 
up Shea for an eay penaky box 
shot. 

Sheconvened the shoc.lOput the 
Tritom up 3-0. 

sa. coUected two auiIIJ II1d a 
goal on die day. 

Forward<lleryl Parkerft'JCOlded 
the Tritons' founh and lui pi. 
taking a pass from Karin Lindsay 
and sending a shoIlhar deflccledoff 
a Panther fullback into the net. 
WheIher it would have aone in 0th-
erwise is anybody' s auess. 

Parter was, nonetheless, allappy 
camper: "We've been workina on 
that play so much. The trick was 
genina it 10 work in the game. lind-
say did greaL" 

Chapman was completely 
oulmalChed on the day, recording 
no official shoes on goal. 

"We're down two starters," 

Tbc UCSD Guudim 

Murpby said. "We just C*ne down 
here II1d tried our best. We didn't 
expecl much. " 

Chapman's only advantaae 
seemed to lie in its"" rosterof20. 

"I'd like 10 borrow some." joked 
McManus. wboie laID has been 
pIaaued by iqjurieL SliU,Ibey man-
apd alUUl widl whallhey ICnped 
1OFIher· 

"I knew if we could aa into our 
rhydwn. die game was ours. They 

~ dropping beck 10 concennIe 
on defense. which I love. II makes 
the offense's job 10 much easier." 

Witharecordof~l-includ­
ingfourshulOulS-theTritonslook 
like they have a play-ofJbertb in the 
baa· 

But McManus is laking nothing 
forpanlcd. 

"If we can win five of the lui 
nine sames, we'U make il to the 
Regionals, "assumi McManus. "But 
we've got our toughest opponents 
ahead. " 

Monday, SeplM.abcr 30, 1991 

If you think you can do 

Or stop bY the Guardian offices on the 
secondjloor of the Old Student Center. 

Free Video Rentals 
and Superstar Shades! 

When You Sign Up for Student Banking 
Don't miss Bank of America's Student Banking 
Double Feature. This electrifying duo is it 
winning combination of financial convenience 
and purchasing power, where BofA checking 
accounts team up with BankAmericard credit 
cards 'to deliver the high-flying hit of the college 
season. 

Great Gifts and Cool 
Convenience! 

Open a checking account and get a pair of 
Superstar Shades and two free video rentals from 
The Wherehouse. Apply for a BankAmericard® 
credit card and get 2 more free video rentals. 
This offer is good only while supplies last and 
ends October 31,1991. 

In addition to these great gifts, college 
students get free "summer months" checking,· 

access to California's largest branch and full-
service ATM network, and a VERSATEL card 
that allows you to get cash at over 2,200 
VERSATELLER ATMs in California and the 
western U.S. 

Enter to Win Raging 
Prizes! 

Smart students will be sure to enter the Student 
Banking Double Feature Sweepstakes for a 
chance to win a trip for two to Orlando, Florida 
or a TV NCR combination. No purchase 
necessary. 

Now playing. Stop by and ask for details at: 
• 4388 La Jolla Villl&e/IOO, So Diep, CA 92122 

(619) 552-4100 
• 7680 Glnrd Alit., La JoUa, CA 921J7 

(619)~5844 
• 912 Garaet Ave., Sal Dfe&o, CA 92189 

1ft 
(61')~5784 

'Offor appIw. 10 _doI.I' """" c~ c/wugtJ for OlmJrof/. aM 
tHlwr IJttOOII rtt.JW _bs IIIU IfPP/'I 

.............. 
'bI pet rim firm die Itadcr • 

C I991 B+nk of "",mea NTlS"· McftIbcr FDIC 

Monday, Septanber 30,1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

SCORE 
ContInued ......... 23 

So iflhese women need rnotiv. 
lion. Moss is a aood choice. I'm sure 
be IOId them about playina for the 
enjoymenlofthespon,playinahanl 
and try ins 10 win, but flO( at the 
expense of havina fun. 

Iried on Ihem. il sure seems to have 
failed. 

We can ooIy hopelhal Riddoch' s 
Padre Aura doesn't rub off on the 
Women's Volleyball leam. It 
shouldn'l - they're proven win-
ners, which is more than we can say 
for the Padres. 

Got something 
. to sell? 

Call the GIBdBI 
~Offtce 

at 534 3467 

FREE 
DOlEN 

Perhaps Riddoch' s got some ex-
perience in the motivational speak-
ing area, 100. After all, the Padres 
have sure needed some motivating 
this year. But whatever Riddoch has 

But ifViklti Van Duyne ftnds a 
Yoodoo doll of herself in her locker 
after a I1UIICh sometime, don'l say I 
didn't warn yoy. MOIivation the 
Padre Way is one thing we can all 
live without. 

And let us do the 
selling for you. 

710wers d! 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

CARNAIIONS 
San Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

"'lhl·.,'h.l .... :"I ... UI'Il'II.'~ 
\ilt \,IhJ \\llh ,UI\ IIdwf "tTl" 

. . The money you save 
on our Sh,Ident B · Package 

won t buy you luxuries . 
but it will cover quite a few necessities. 

Save On Checking. At 
Security Pacific 

we know how ,,"v.., • .,.n • 
.....-:..-------§-

_si'Ve college is, So 

offer a Student Checking Account 

that is free of a monthly service 

charge year round when you meet a 

few simple requirements.· 

Save On A Credit Card. 
Just meet some easy 

qualifications, and we'll ••• _ 

iiiiOiiOiiOi .. give you a credit card and waive the 

first year's annual fee of$18. And when you also 
have a checking account, you can get a lower 

interest rate. 

Earn $30 More. We'll give you $10 for 
each person you refer (up to 3) who opens a 
Student Checking Account, 

's Even A Sweep-stakes. There 
are lots of prizes you can win in our sweepstakes 

including a 12,speed Raleigh Bike, which is our 

grand prize. Plus everyone opening an account 

will get a free gift while supplies last. 

So stop by a participating 

branch to open a new 

account and enter our 

special sweepstakes now . 

.. 
"" 't: Oether 
Wor!dIOd.· 

SECURITY RnCIFIC BANK 
Simply Bet t e 

8813 Villa La Jolla Dr .. 9301 Genesee Ave. 
,...., FDIC. CI991 Socumy .... of.c N .. ""'"' ..... es.cun., Poe.fK Corponuon. ·104 •• ", .... _ '"" I SIOO .... " ....... bollnc. (,,,,, SI dun,. rh. Sum_), ml.,mum of ,.n ehoc~J pood In.! '''''' .n·branch ,raNICuoru per "I<mon, eyel<. 

No purt .... noc..., 10 OIl'''' .Wft\IM ..... See oHKlllruloo "' porUC;'p"unc bnntha. 



20 

" 

The VCSD Guardian Monday, September 30,1991 

' .. 

11\ 

n calories. Utra-smooth taste. Brewed br a fast-paced world. 

MOVE WITH THE TIMES .• 

• 15 

• 

klI\d 
of 

, 
-'@~ 
, " 

Mooday, Scpumbcr 30, 1991 

BALANCE 
ConIII..cI ......... 32 
visit 10 the doctor's offICe. 

'1'he bi, worry is Lodoen. We 
alrady lost [Ryan) Nutting, and if 
we lose Lodoen, it really depIeIes 
us," he said. "He's one of our better 
players." 

lbis is not a team that can afford 
to be depleted any funber. 

The injuries have forced the Tri-
tons 10 mix and match lineups all 
season-specificalJy in the midfieJd 
- and the parcbwork jobs have 
often ~ all too clearly. 

"Without [Nutting, Lodoen and 
Stevenson], you're looking for 
someone toemerse- You have 10 try 
other people and experiment more 
than you want to, " Armstrong said. 

The result has been an often stag-
nant offense that appears hesitanl 
and out of sync. The midfIClders 
have been inconsisteot in delivering 
the ball to the forwards, and when 
they have, the forwards have often 
been in no position 10 score. 

A week ago, in a doubJe..over-
time loss to Cal State San Demar-
dino, forward Ouis Hanssen, upon 
being asked whether he needed a 
rest, told Armstrong that he had no 
reason to be tired because he wasn'l 
getting the ball. 

And Friday against Grand Can- . 
yon, the Tritons failed 10 get a shot 
on goal for most of the second half. 

According 10 Armstrong, 
Hanssen and Mike Albens will be 
the keys for the Tritons offensively 
the remainder of the season. The 
two have constituted the Tritons' 
main offensive threats for the better 
pan of two seasons, and in this time 

of uncertairuy, they need 10 step 
forward. 

"We need 10 score gOlls, which 
has been a problem for us," 
Annsuoni said, seemingly under-
scoring the fundamenraI ruleof soc-
oerlhlltheteam with the most points 
wins. 

How the offense plays could very 
weD determine the future of the 
Tritons' season, because defen-
sively, behind Mike Gerhardt and 
Alex Savala, they have been solid 

The UCSD Guardian 

"We gave up a couple of goals 
early [in the seasonl, but we've 
turned in a few blank sheets since 
then," Armstrong said. 

"A lot of lillie things have gotto 
happen right," said Annstrong, re-
flecting on the task that lies ahead. 
UCSD has appeared in the NCAA 
Division m tournament eight con-
secutive years, but a ninth appears 
to be in jeopardy. 

"We've got lillie room to ma-
neuver," Armstrong said. 

Do you suffer from feminine yeast infection? 

You can help improve feminine healthcare options by participating in a 
rcacardl study on a new cream for yeast infections. 

If)'OU currently have a yeast infection, please call National Clinical 
ResnrcbCenlen. 

Qualified participants receive 
FREE QUALITY MEDICAL ATfEN110N, 

which includes: 

. a limited pelvic examination 

. all study medication 

In addition, qualified voIunleers will be compensated upon completion of 
the study. 

Please call us at 1-800-666.7777, We look forward to working with you. 

Sincerely, 

NCRC 

P.S. MaUll dilfermce in the future QfftminiM ItetJIlhc-. 
P. s.s. A.Jt IIbow how you can rcmvt: II ~fOrrtJ/ bonus! 

SPORTS 21 

SAVE A TREE. 
Recycle the 

Guardian 

MNUI PKnIIS~'M' ,flfDOIOIlOUO_ , .. ElK IOGOSIAN SiX. DlUGS 100' IOU 
_ USiA .... _-::.-=:: otIST IIIOCOSON "':"':: JOHN AI .... ~-=JM KROUE 
_~STMII A,JOIIlS_WWlUYlt WIllS :::::::WT IIOKAW --::IIK IOGOSIAN 
-:flB8KllOl1O --:: JOIII MdlAUGHTON R _-::'::;~ •. .?.. .\\ L ~ '1 L' 

'_"_' .... ~ _......... . .... , .. _.10.._. . r.... r., 
. . . . . . 

Exclusive Engagement-NOW PLAYING 
....... "alARD caNT ... 1_ I CALL TH( AlA£S FOR SHOWTINES I 
7510 Hazafd CenlOI Or 291 7771 . . 

• ro.evSTER£O NOpmfSACCIPTtDFOfT THOSINGAGEIIIHT 

INTHHMUHHL FH~~ SCHEDULE 
Registration PriorIty Periods & Team Captain1s Meetings 

COlD FlAG 
FOOTUU. 
3-13-
MlN'SRM 
FOOTUU. 7_ 

None 
(Go directly 10 
Team Copt. MIg.) 
Tue. Oct 1 
8:00· 9:00am 
534-6644 

Tue. Oct 1 O.(pm 
Price Center Theot.r 

Tue. Oct 1 0 "pm 
Prlc:eCenIirTheoter 

Nov. 5 - Sot 
D.c. 8 Sun 

Nov." . 
Dee. 8 

1 Oorn-6pm 
1 Oorn-6pm 



, .' 

11 CALBNDA&. " ' h S • t.3O,1991 

weeldycalendar 
• The campus calendar is a service provided every Monday for the benefit of the campus community. 
Submission are free to on-campus groups and departments in order for them to provide information about 
events, lectures, meetings and services. Calendar forms should be submitted to EDNA or theGuartlian by 
noon on the Wednesday prior to publication. 

I 
appointment. 2025 HSS. Monday and Tuesday meeting. GH 1118 (Aud). Monday, September 30 
SERV~ESNVORKSHOPS 

VVednesday,~ober2 Wind Ensemble auditions SEMINARS/LECTURES 7-9 p.m. - Asian-
Monday through Thursday will be held through American? Looking for a 

2 p.m. - EFFECTIVE JOB October 1. All woodwind, VVednesda~~r2 Christian Fellowship? 
1 :30-4 p.m. - DROP-IN SEARCH STRATEGY - brass and percussion Come to the first AACF 
ADVISING HOURS - For There are a variety of ways musicians are invited. 3-5 p.m. - LOS (Asian American Christian 
help finding desirable part- to look for work. Come Audition times are posted PARTIDOSDE Fellowship) meeting and 
time employment, learn about the strategies outside Mandeville B202. OPOSICION Y LAS see what we are all aboutl 
determining career goals, that work best. Career ELECCIONES DE 1991 Hope to see you there I 
searching for jobs or Services Center. Free. Tuesday, October 1 EN MEXICO. Jose Gallery A Price Center. 
exploring professional or VVoldenberg, political 
graduate school Thursday, October 3 12-1 p.m. - Overeaters scientist, Instituto de !uesday, October 1 
opportunities. No Anonymous meeting. Estudios de la Transicion 
appointment necessary, 1:30p.m.- AP&M 2301. Democratica. Lecture will 12-1 p.m. - Bible Study of 
just walk in. Career MARKETABLE RESUME be conducted in Spanish. Old and New Testament in 
Services Center. Free VVORKSHOP - Learn 6 p.m. - The UCSD the book of Acts. Price 

how to make a positive first TRITON PEP BAND is Friday, October 4 Center, Santa Barbara 
Monday through Friday impression with your open to all students with Room. 

resume. Career Services woodwind, brass, or drum- a p.m. - AuthOr VVilliam 
a a.m.-4 p.m. - SIGI plus Center. Free. set experience. No Kennedy, Pulitzer Prize VVednesda~October2 
- a-step software audition, just attend the and National Book Critics 

I 

package that allows you to Friday, October 4 first rehearsal. VVe want Circle Award winner, will 6 p.m. - Supper for 
individual assess your your musicianship and lecture in the Price Center students is served by the 
values, skills and interests 12-1:30 p.m. - PAN spirit! Mandeville B210. Theater. Presented by the townspeople of La Jolla 
to identify appropriate ASIAN COMMUNITY Friends of the UCSD who are committed to 
occupations and receive FORUM: Drop-in group 7:30-10 p.m. - Rotaract Ubrary. $15 for Friends Lutheran Campus Ministry 
descriptive information • addressing concerns of Club's 1991 Ice Cream members, public at UCSD. Everyone is 
about them. Brief AsianlPacific Islander SPcial- all students admission is $20. $50 welcome. A contribution is 
preliminary orientation with . students. Leaders: Jeanne welcomel A great way to entitles the donor to requested but not required. 
an advisor required, then Manese, 534-3035, and meet people, eat dessert, reserved seating at the University Lutheran 
two 2-hour sessions Viviane Chee. Mountain and find out about one of lecture and a private post- Church (Across the street 
available on computer. View Lounge. UCSD's most exciting lecture reception with the from Revelle College). 
Schedule appointment at student organizations. Inri author. 
Reference Room desK. 1-3 p.m. - ON-CAMERA: Center. Free. 7 p.m. - A new approach 
Career Services Center. INTERVIEWING SKillS ACADEMIC SERVICES to understanding the New 
$10. FOR PROFESSIONAL Wednesday, October 2 Testament Is presented in 

SCHOOL ADMISSION- Monday-Friday -rhe Divine Drama- by 
Monday, September 30 See yourself on videotape 2 p.m. - EAST VVEST Peter Norris. a Scripps 

during a mock interview, HORIZONS, UCSD's 9 am.-4 p.m. - The graduate student. These 
1-1 a.m. - MARKETABLE practice and gain Asian American journal, ASSOCIATED STUDENTS weekly studies are open to 
RESUME VVORKSHOP - feedback. Pre-register at will hold its first meeting of INTERNSHIP OFFICE all, sponsored by Lutheran 
Leam how to make a the upstairs counter. the year, and we're looking provides internship Campus Ministry at UCSD. 
positive first impression Career Services Center. for someone like ... you. opportunities to Univer8tty Lutheran 
with your resume. Career Free. Join usl Call 260-1882 for undergraduates in all Church (Across the street 
Services Center. Free. more details. Rm 207, 2nd majors. Let us help you from Revelle College). 

2-4 p.m. - ALCOHOL floor Old Student Center with your resume, cover 
Tuesday, October 1 AND SUBSTANCE (above Soft Reserves). letter, and interview skills. Sunday, October 6 

ABUSE GROUP: Apply now for winter, 
1:30 p.m.- Supportive environment for Thursday, October 3 spring, and summer 10:15am.-A 
INTERVIEVVING SKILLS discussing problems internships on the local, Communion service I 
VVORKSHOP - This related to alcohol and 1-3 p.m. - Scripps state, and national levels. sponsored by the Lutheran 
workshop teaches you substance abuse. Leader: Aquarium-Museum docent ASIO holds information Community at UCSO is 
techniques required to be Dan Munoz, 534-1579. orientation class. Call Uz nights throughout the year. ~ to everyone. 
successful in the interview Revelle College Provo at 534-4087 for details. Volunteers who would like Refreshments are served 
process. Career Services OffIce. Scripps Aquarium to work at ASIO are attarWarda. University 
Center. Free. Classroom. welcome. For more Info Lutheran Church (Across 

• 
4-6 p.m. - CAMPUS call 53~ ~689 or come to the street from Revelle 

4-5:30 p.m. - BLACK FORUM: Informal 7-9 p.m. - Scrippa our new offtce at the Price College). 
Undergraduate VVomen's group for AfrIcan-American Aquarium-Museum docent Center, 3rd ftoor, room 
Group: A group focusing students. Leader: Phil orientation class. Call Liz 3.303. ASIO offIciIIIIy 
on concerns of Raphael, 534-0252. at 534 4087 for datalis. opens Monday, October 
undergraduate women. Mountain VIew Lounge. Scripps Aquarium 71tI. 
Leaders: EquUIa Luke, Classroom. 
534-3585, and Sam IIEETING8JSOCIALS RELIGIOUS SEIMCE8 
Ballinger. CsJI for 7:30 p.m. - Surf Club 

Maaday, 511* her 30, 1991 

SCORE 
Ca. 6111""""'32 
Lemon Grove condo. 

Hennina is a Draft Pick Coach, 
plain and simple. The kind of guy 
who sets noticed because his teIms 
an: packed with young playen with 
hish expectalions. Why? 8ec:IUIC 
the guy's lrMnSalways tinishamon. 
the WOlR in the league. Remember 
the last time the Atlanta Falcons 
really, really stunk? I mean, even 
worse than the Owgers (who IosI 
to the Falcons this year .. . at home)? 

Dan Henning was the coach. 
In one sense, you've got to pity 

the guy. He gets it every Monday 
from Los Angeles Times wriler T J. 
Simers' "Charger Report Card." 
Coaching: Grade F was Simers' 
verdict lasl week. As jt has been 
most of the year. 

Like I said, it's not as ifhe doesn'l 
deserve it. But you can't blame the 
guy for being biner. Sure, he's bil-
ter.Histeamis0-5. Winning records 
are something Henning's not used 
to. He's working with a young quar-
terback. (He demoted the old one. 
who was promptly tradcd.) He's 
acting • offensive coordinator. (He ...... 
tired the old one.) 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

L a J 0 I I a I s 
BEST KEPT SECRET! 

Come by for breakfast or lultCh! 

~­
_.1 .• --

• Overlooking Torrey Pines Go" Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• AII-you-can-eat salad bar 

Choices located within the 
Shiley Sports and Health Center 
of Scripps Clinic 
10820 North Torrey Pines Road 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.·l'hIlr1. 7:30 am-7 pm 

Fridly clOHd .. 3 

i·----------------I Enjoy your 
: 10% student discount 
I with . UCSD 1.0. 

------------------

Call 554·FOOD 
A Draft Pick Coach. And yet ---------------------------------------

Chargers General Manager Bobby 
Bead}ard says Henning's the guy. 
No firings here, no sir. At least not 
until the end of the season. 

The only team dwnber than the 
Chargers, it seems, is the Padres. 
The Padres are almost done with 
their nightmarish 1991 descent into 
the flames of hell. And the man who 
pilOled them into the center of the 
nethelWodd, right past the upside-
down popes and every boxing pr0-
moter who ever lived, was Greg 
Riddoch. Riddoch was driving the 
express bus to the center circle of 
Satanville, esconing Bip and Tony 
and the boys right past the people 
who spit on nuns and pickpocket 
priests. 

'The year's over. It' s time to let 
the guy go. And what's the Padre 
front office saying? He might be 
back "hI year. 

Let me get this straight. Riddoch, 
who has been declared an incompe-
tent manager by just aboutCVeryOllC 
on the planet. might be t.ck'l Every 
player who has left the Padres says 
that morale here is at an a11-time 
low. AnonymousPIIcWsources have 
said to local media that Riddoch's a 
joke. The man can', even control 
the attacks on Tony Gwynn that 
started late last year. And he cer-
tainly doesn't seem 10 be able to 
win. 

He might be back? I'd rather 
have Dan Henning. WeD, maybe 
not. 

Last week, Riddoch joined 
UCSO's very own Bob Moss in 
giving an inspirational lecture todle 
women's volleyball tc8in. MosS. 
who is a Physical Education in-
structor, is a 8fCal person. He brings 
increCsible amounts of enthusiasm 
to any situation, and teaches people 
the power oflaughtcr -4aughter at 
good things and bad things. and 
especially at one's self. I can W1der-
stand the use of Moss as a motiva-
tional speaker. He's without par. 

Perhaps the volleyball team 
needs motivation. They'readynasty, 
• dominant force in abe pme . 
They've beId ten NCAA Division 
m Women's Volleyball touma-
IDeI1IS. UCSD his won lilt of them. 
And unlike tbe PIIdIa' leader, juIt 
abouI evayone qreea that Dou, 
DInnevik, tbe_'sladco.:b. is 
exbtiilely JOOd II willi he doeI. 

S. .... PII818 

e . 

J 



\ , 

U SPOIl.TS 

W.SOCCER 
eo: ........... 12 
a IIJas fracIure .... forwanIlCJIly 
DuIoct lin a calf DlUKIe. 

Furthermore, midfieIder Kalyn 
Sbea suttered bruised shins III IIIe 
feet of the Coyora. 

"The referee let a lot of unneces-
sary I'OUJhnaIa slide, bur it helped 
us chan. IIICtica and act back in IIIe 
glmC," McManus said. 

In the.secood hIIf, McManus did 
indeed switch racdcs. insIaIlina a 
stronger 4-3-3 offense, avoiding 
confrontaaions and a-slnI insr.I 
of dribbling. 

"(Mjdfiekler) Sally [Weigand) 
was the best in the parlt," McManus 
said. "Good tackling, beat them to 
the ball, crossed more balls than the 

Gn 
SALES AND 
MlIImNG 
EXPEIIENCE 
NtJed. cMIIIngI? 

Earn up to S25OO/tenn 
managing credit card 

promotions on campus. 
Flexible hours. 

CALL 1·800·950·8472 nt.2S 

CAMPAIGN JOBS 
TO SAVE THE 

ENVIRONMENT 
Students needed to work on 
landmark campaigns to 

• Sue the nations ~ 
c:.orporllte water polluters 
• P_ CaIIfIIrn .. • •• tnlnlWt 
pestklde .... 

S200-$400/week 
Comprehensive training 

Career opportunities FT·PT 
Minutes walk from~UCSD campus 

Call Da.:"Ia 552-8234 

OVERWEIGHT? 
North Carolina Pastor 

loses 76 Ibs. and 14 inches 
in 3 months using Nutrition 

Express Weight Loss 
Product twice daily eating 

one regular meal. 
Cost $1.76 per meal. 

CALL FOR FREE 4·Day 
Supply. See if they work for 

YOU. 

(619) 496-2263 

endre SIll BemInIino otra.e. .. 
Friday aftemooa, the TrifOlll 

devouIaIthe UCAnleatersforlheir 
1ICIt1 .... 2-1. , 

Prior 10 abe pmc, McMIIu' 
cbicf WOIIf'J w. his lick of players. 
., miabtnotewnbaveeaouahplay-
era 10 field a 1e8m," ~ said lllihe 
time. 

Y cl it appeared as thougb 
McManul' worries were iII-
Iouoded. Ten minuIa into the lint 
bait. UCSD hid ill lint ... after 
Shea headed in a ClOSS by DuIock. 

"Kary put it rip where I w.-I 
it," said a IIftillna Shea. "CouIdn't 
have been belIer." 

DuIock aoc a chance of her own 
near the end of the firs! balf, diving 
to held in a comer kick from 
Weigand. 

The UCSD GUM"" 

The AnIaeen' pIie. however, 
WM 1liiie 10 .... down IIIe TriIaaa 
for the ranainder of Ihe pme. Un-
UIUIIIy ....-ve. abe blaved se-
vere beIIinp 10 secure seven) din-
aaouab8llL 

TIle AnIeMera ICCnd wiIb two 
miIIUIeI remainin& in Ihe lint hIIf. 
HaUbKk Jcmi T ....... aaou 
10 fuIIbKk o.wn E .... 

Evans turned ... sent a bIoopa' 
0Ya' UCSO plieJenelle Wdlin .. 
who WM cauabt playina up and bid 
no c:bance • a ave. 

The pmelOok a physical tum. 
Ihe half ended. A ~ call 
reauhed in a small shovina mIlCh. 
and ua', pIie bad a minor fit, 
throwina the ball after a called 001'-
nerkkk. 

"ua was abouI what we ex-

pected." McManus said. '"Good 
conlbM ..... 01 pbyIicaI play IIId 
skilled 1*1 .. .. 

"1bey'U be a JOOd Diviaioa 0 
rean in an,.... .. 

ua didlMlllF 10 keepdle a.o 
in UCSO'I"" oldie field IIrIllOll 
ofllle .. ...,. 

Yet die 'J'riIaaa lid c:ame away 
wilh two ..... llkinJadv .... oI 
rwe .... down field .... a welt 
Anee.er cIefenIe. 

FuUbllcltJ.,....BrdonIdomi-
nared abe Tri1Daa' bIckIieId, c_-
ina IeveraI bella, in addition 110 sav-
ina abe Tritons ...... one pouibIe 
pi. 

In abe middle of abe.econd hilt. 
abe lOOk OUI .. A...- forwIId 
who WII ficin, WeIIinJ one on one 
with a sIidc IDle. 

....."S ,I "*30,1991 
Before Ihe a.pman poe 00 

Sunday. McMaru said thai pmea 
with abe Palld~ in abe ... bave 
been laDy cIoIe. 

....yar.abeTrieonsedFilbem 
14 

However. a.pman has been 
doiDa IIIIDCIIhina difl'aent Ibis lei-
lOlL SevtnI of Iheir' .... have 
beaI JUab-tcorina conIIeIIa. 

"OIIpuan will rack up four or 
five ..... " McMInua said. "Bul 
we'U IdJl play a clole one-poinc 
pme." 

But aU that the PanthM man-
apd 10 rack up apiaat UCSO WIll 
a big lOGIC ea. faIlina 4-0. 

The TriIoos m8de their preICIlCC 
felt inwediaIeJy •• DuIoc:t ICCRd 
off • comer kk:k from Sbea eiJbI 

See W. IOCCER, PIce 18 

Want to Know Where 
Your Liberal "Arts Degree 

Can' Lead? 
You~ bachelor's degree, combined with a Master's from the Annenberg School 

for Communication, can take you into a management career in mass media, 
telecommunications, public policy, corporate communication, and more. 

Here's what some recent graduates of Annenberg's M.A. program are doing:' 
Paramount Pictures Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
Vice-President, TV Programming Senior Telecommunications Analyst 
Walt Disney Co. 
Analyst, International TV Marketing 
MGM/UA 
Director, European Sales & Marketing 
International Home Video 
J. Walter Thompson 
Sr. Account Executive 
Price Waterhouse 
Senior Telecommunications Consultant 
Abbeville Press 
New Projects Editor 
Warner Bros. Records 
Coordinator, International Publicity 
Black Entertainment Television 
Director of Operations and 

Business Development 

The Learning Channel 
Vice President, 

Affiliate Sales & Marketing 
National Cable TV Association 
Director, State & Local 

Regulatory Issues 
Tribune Broadcasting 
Strategic Planning Analyst 
Pacific Telesis 
Director, Strategic Analysis 
Federal Communications Commission 
Analyst, Legal Affairs 
Capital Citiesl ABC 
Research Manager 
American Diabetes Association 
Public Affairs Director 

Your graduate education at the Annenberg School, USC, includes a choice among 30 seminars in 
communications management. Here are some offerings that serve different career interests: 

Law and Public Policy; International Communications; Communications 
Technologies; Diffusion of Innovations; Communication in Organizations; 
Business Strategies of Communication Industries; Media in Social Services; 
Arts and the New Media; Communication Research; Economics of Communication. 

Scores of other courses throughout the University can also be used in completing your seven-course 
program. 

Los Angeles is a world capital of communications; Annenbergs Career Development Office helps 
you get internships for on-the-job learning. Supervised internships are also available in Washington, 
D.C. Extensive alumni network works in behalf of graduates. 
................................................................................................•.....••.••..•..•...•......••. 

Please send me more information. 
N~e ________________________________________________________ __ 

Admess ______________________________________________________ ___ 

City/State/Zip ________________________________ __.,---'"'--------------

Currently Attending ______________ '--______________________________ _ 

MAlL TO; The Annenberg School for Communication 
3502 South Hoover Street. University of Southern California, Los AngeleS, California 90089·0281 

Monday, September 30, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

I 5 "U A 
OPEN C.LASSES 

VA "150 
History and Art of 
the Silent Cinema 
Professor Baberte MangO/Ie 
A new look at early cinema from 1895 
to 1930 emphasizing social issues and 
fonnal concerns. Please go to the 
section of your choice to add: 

SECTION 1 
Thursday 12:00-1:50 p.m. Mandeville 103 

SECTION 2 
Cancelled 

SECTION 3 
Thursday 4:00-5:00 p.m. Mandeville 103 

SECTION 4 
Thursday 6:00-7:50 p.m. Mandeville 103 

Maney 
Lessons for the Real World 

J 
t-,r: 

• ft 

R 

T 

RighI now, you're learning valuable lessons to help you later on in life. Bul there's 
one subject)'ou can 'Ileam in any classroom. And it's one ),ou need 10 survive in the 
"reaI" world. U's how to /IlaI12ge your money. 

AI the 00iD Student Credit Union, we can help you get staned. By using our 
produds and seMces, you 'U 1earn how to handle a checking account. How 10 build up 
savin~. Wben 10 borrow money, and how 10 repay il And how to establish good credit. 

Our friend1y ~ are sruden~ like ~nderstands your 6nandal needs. 
And our produCl.'i and services are designed 10 6t a srudenfs budget 

Take our Access O!ecking Accounl for ex:.unple. II's free with a minimum $400 
balance (and only $4.00 a month with a lower balance.) You earn dividend~ on balances 
0($600 or more and )00 haYefree ATM acces.'i aI thousandsofSrar~ ' ArMs. Even 
better, open )'OUr account by October ;\ I and get your 6rst 50 check~' free. 

We also oIer a low·raIe VISA card, competitive car and computer kr.lllS, no fee 
savInf;\ accounts and much more. 

Join the 00;0 StudenI Credit Union todav. Managino your monev mav be the most 
w1uab1e ~)OU learn. . rt. .. 

.1fi~ UCSD Student CredIt Union A senice or ASOOiD 
UCSD SfUDENT I.ooied in the SIudenI CenIer, 

I ~~_~ =:::.i48 

R E G U L A T ION S 
600.01 Rollerskates. rollerblades. 
scooters, etc., are included wherever bikes and 
skateboards are restricted. 

6OO.02W Bikes and uateboards are 
prohibited on main walkway between 
Galbraith Hall and Pe~raon Hall; Monday· 
Friday. 0830-1700. exctpt weekends and 
holidays. 

6OO.02(B) Riding bikes or skateboards is 
prohibited on UCSD Extension walkways. 
6OO.02(C) Riding bikes or skateboards is 

prohibited in all campus buildings and on the decks of Mandeville Center. 

600.02(0) Riding skateboards is prohibited on all campus roads and-parking 
lots. 

600.03 Operating a bike or skateboard in a reckless or unsafe manner is 
. prohibited. 

600.06 Parking a bicycle in a manner that blocks or otherwise impedes 
either vehicular or pedestrian traffic on any street. highway. parking lot, parking 
space, parking lot access, walkway. footpath. building exit. stairwell. sidewalk. or 
wheelchair access ramp is prohibited. Parking a bicycle to interfere with the 
maintenance of landscaped or lawn areas as well as any handrail. tree shrubbery. 
door. sign post, telephone pole. lamp post. or other object not maintained or 
designated for the securing of bicycles is prohibited. 

600.08(A) All bikes used. stored, or parked on campus shall be registered with a 
valid California Bicycle License available at the UCSD Police Station. 

8OO.08(C) Registration tags shall be properly displayed on the bicycle. 
600.08(0) Removal. defacement, or alteration of the tag is prohibited, Upon 
change of ownership or destruction of bike, notuy UCSD Police Department in 
writing within ten working days. 

- PLUS ALL California Vehicle Code Sections. which include: 
• STOP SIGNS • RIDING AGAINST TRAFFIC • WEARING HEADSETS WHILE RIDING 

Pick up your free copy at the UCSD Police Deput_Dt or 
A1temative TraDlPOriatiOD OftIce. 

(fyou Deed additioDallDtormatioD, please CODtact tbe Police DeparillleDt at 534-7335. 

NEED' 

JOB? 
The Guardian is hiring Advertising Represe~tatives 
for the 1991·92 year. If you're a self starter, own a 

car, have excess energy and plenty of time to commit 
to this great job opportunity, call Michael at the 

Guardian, 534-3467 

t 



16 SPOJl.TS The UCSD GUII'dian 

M.SOCCER 
C .... tlllCl ......... 32 

BullhII'scucdy wbIIlbippellCd. 
UsinS crisp.,.una and the type 

of pressure UCSD applied II the 
stan of the pille, the AnIeIopcs 
closed the l1I8IJin 10 2- 1 early in the 
secondhaifonaplbyJudHawken 
with an ~ist by Roser Salazar. 

That goal further ignited the 
Antelope offense and amongst 
chants of "intense pressure" from 
head coach Peter Duah, they turned 
up the heal. 

Then came perbaps the biggest 
play of the game- and luck wason 
the Tritons' side. 

The Antelopes were driving for a 
potential game-tying goal when their 
shot ricocheted off the right post. 
darted across an open net and some-
how missed finding its way inco the 
goal. 

Meanwhile, the Tritons' offense 

Moadq, Scpcaabu 30, 1991 

spunercdthrouahout thesecondhalf. 
But the defense manaaed 10 hold on 
10 the tenuous lead and seal the win. . 

After the game, AnnsIrong said 
1M while the first half was the "besa 
twit" the Tritons have played all 
YCII. the Tritons' "inexperience 
showed in the second half." 

Even wilh the struggle in the 
second period, AnnsIrong was still 
pleased with the .. good result" of the 
g.nc. 

Despite rolling off two straight 
wins, the Tritons are still plagued by 
injuries, particularly in the midflCld 
where they have been missing two 
staners. According to Armstrong, 
it's "looking up," but midflClder 
Mike Lodoen's tender heel forced 
him to leave the game after a brief 
appearance. 

On the plus side, midfielder Jarret 
Stevenson did get a little playing 
time. Stevenson is recovering from 
a broken nose. 

Regular Sinus 
Problems? 

Our research center Is evaluating a treatment 
for sinusitis. Qualified volunteers who are at least 
3 years old will be compensated for their time. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers, ages 6 to 60. are needed to evaluate new 
medications for wheezing. coughing. and chest tight-
ness. Patients need to be taking asthma medications 
regularly and have no other major health problems. 

Qualified partldpants will be paid for their partldpatlon. 
for __ detail all 191· '144 

....... ,. ........ 

34U KEARNY VILLA ROAD, 8UrrB 100 
SAN DIBOO, CAUPORNIA 112123 

HOWARD HUGHES MEDICAL INSTITUTE 
PREDOCTORAL FEUOWSIIIPS IN 

BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES 
1992 COMPETITION 

Fellowsh ips are for fu ll·time study toward the Ph.D. or Sc.O. 
degree in cell biology and regulation. genetics, immuno logy, 

neuroscience, o r stf'UcllI rn l bio logy, as we ll as biostatistics, 
epide mio logy, or mathematical bio logy. 

FEIJ.01VSI:IIP TERMS 
• Th ree-year initia l awards, • $11 ,700 annual cost-of-

with two-year el<te nsion education allowance 
, possib le 
• $1 ,000 annual lipend , 

effective June 1992 

EUGIBIUI'Y 
• Less than one year of post- .If an M.O./Ph.O. stude nt: 

bacca laureate graduate study Not in a funded program 
in biology: 
College seniors; 
Fin.t year graduate students; 
M . .. D.O., D.O .. , D.V.M., 
students or professionals 

• No citizenship requirements: 
U.S. citizens may study 
abroad; 
Others must study in the 

nitt:<! States 

SCIIEDUI.E 
• Application deadline : 

o\'cmht:r 8, 199 1 
• Awa rds announced : 

Ea rly April 1992 

• Fe llowships sta rt: 
June 1992-January 1993 

FOR PROGRAM ANNOUNCEMENTS. EUGIBIUI'Y 
GUIDEUNES. AND APPUCATIONS 

Hughes Predoctoral Fellowships 
ational RC!>earch Council Fellowship Office 

2101 Constitution Avenue 
Washington, IX 204 1R 

Te le phone (202)334-2872 
'"'" Ho ... rt1 Hullh<" ,\k(JK-.1 InsI.u,,, ... ek.'Omt. ... Jpphc.'tOn.' fn:JII1 . 11 quahfled 
... Il<lod.o, .... JOO """'''''''II''' .. omen .00 ",,,'!TIll.,,,, of m,nonIy IIIOUI>S ,,, Apply. 

Monday, Scptanbcr 30, 1991 

Announcing: 
1beClladan 

A workshop designed for _ 
anyone who is interested in 
writing for the Guardian. 

First III88ting: 
Thursday, October 3 at 7 p.m. 

North Conference Room 
Rnd fIooI; Old Student Center 
Next to Soft Reserves ... the 

General Store 

PIZZA-PASTA 
I1UDINJ DIICOUNI'II 

Plan your party at 
Papachino's or we'll 

deliver to you 

DAILY DINNER SPECIALS 
Mon.Tues . ... Spaghetti $ 79 
Wed . ............. Ravioli 3 
Thurs . ........... Macaroni 
Fri.-Sat .......... Grk. Chicken "fIO -
Sun ........ ~ ..... lasagna 54" u JoUa Colony 1748 Regents Rd. Served with salld on(! "rlie bt8d. Not v.lid to 80. 

FREE DELIVERY 546-7666 

DERMATOLOGY 
AfIoI'I your. ski- _ 

feel Good Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 
Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 
Facial Peels, Leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 

I tu 

Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery __ 

ALEX PETERSON, M.D. 
BOARD CERTFlED DERMATOLOGIST . / 

HIIO ..... ui.- 9< .. SutIoo 1121 -.. -,,""---Cl __ of 1·5. _ the E....,.,..." 
552-8842 

ATTENTION 
COGN ITIVE ,SCI E NCE 

MAJORS 
.. REVISED REQUIREMENTSI 

See a coptitive science advlaer about proposed 
chanpI to the low ... ~i"'ion requirements (CSB 135 
01' 131, Manday-Prlday,9:00-12:00 and L-CJ0.4:30) • 

The UCSD Guardian SPOR.TS 27 

Brouqht 10 You By: 

Sprint 

,. scause DU 
Have Better 
ThinqsTo 
DoThan 
OIIg out 

Lonq istance: 
Sales Pitch 

• .: ,I , • 

. , '... . .. . 

. . . . . . 

... __ .10 .......... __ ....... _ ............. _II1II .. _ ..... --.............. _ 
.. "' .. _ .................. _ ......... __ .. _ ..... _WMl G ••• _'-_,... 



28 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"HoW 10 IuMve Met Gel ...... QuI 
0( College. 11M worhIhap. 11"1 noc IDO 
•• rly to prepare lor lehool. Young 
PlychoIhar.p.t II giving .ha IacIura on 
IUIt8ininu rnoIivIIion; IIudy 1kiII; how to 
pick • mIjor thai IaadI to • ~ 
CIr .. : bIlIncinO ~. WOIk, IIld 
b1: how to IIIIM tiandI: maIa-1amIIa 
raIaIionIhipI: Ind MKuaI congama. Cal 
Julie I<ack. M.F.C.C.I. (IW1",78) at 4i4-
8092 or 943-15&7 tor re.vationa. (1tt'23-
Il130) 

~tobacorne.doc:anIllltha8c:r1lPl 
Aquarium-MuMUm. Training/orientation 
rnaaIinO Thurs. Oct 3. 1991 (2 ~). 
C" Liz II 534-4087 lor details. j9123-9I3O) 

1990-91 Aerobics Team m •• tingl 
Thurlday. October 3. 5 p.m. in tha Gym 
IobbV or call Nicola aI453-3718. (9123-101 
3) 
DEPRESSED? Although aymptoms 01 
1najor depression can be disabling. medical 
tre.tment Is available. Call for information 
bout our study. II is madiaIIIy auparviMd 
by Stephan Stahl. M.D .. Ph.D .. Prol_ 
01 Psychiatry. UCSD. If eligible. tr.atmant 
indudes free medical evalualion and 
medicaloons. CIII for help. 534-4306. (91 
23-9130) 

INTERNSHIPS I Apply now lor Spring IIld 
summer. IncreBlle chancel lor POll-
oraduate employment. The ASIO has 
moved to Room 3.303. 3rd floor. Price 
Center. For inlo call 534-4689. (9123-9130) 
STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTRALIA. 
Information on semester. year. graduate. 
summer. and Internship programs in Perth. 
Townsville. Sydney. and Melbourne. 
Programs sIan at $3520. Call 1-800-1178-
3696. (9123·101tO) 
Check out SMILE a nightclub happening 
on Saturdays at 535 51h Ave. downtown. 
which features: House. acid. techno. hiphop 
and funk. 9:30 p.m. - 2 a.m. 21 and up. 
Information and mading lost ca ll 521·2931 . 
(1013) 
AsianAme~nCtyjstian Fellowshopmeets 
Mondays at 7 p.m. in Gallery A. Price 
Center. Plvase comel (9130) 
Rugby - we're recruiting' enyo08 with an 
Intetest in contact sport. Call Stvnny for 
informatIOn. 792·4592. (9130) 
LAWYERS and JUDGES were once pre· 
law students. The best 01 them joined Phi 
Alpha Delta. Pre-Law Co-ed fraternity. Get 
inlo. support. secrets. friends. Active group 
of commiHed students. Weekly evening 
meetings w~h speakers. workshops. crucial 
info. All majors welcome. RUSH THIS 
FALLI Call 58fena. 558-9021. (9139,1013) 
SurfCI\,I!) meeting Oct. 3.10. 17. GH 1118. 
7:30 p.m. Bring your checkbook (546-
93(4). (9130-1 013) 

The UCSDGuanlian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word inc1l!ments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is 1l!quill!d; therefo1l!, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to TIle UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 pm. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
r;ghtto refuse any advertising including but nOllimited to companionship ads. For 
more information ca/l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive. 0316, La Jolla. CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A.lop floor. 

AoIe1liaying and _ g-. IooIW1g lor 
playeraand-a.t1OUld 100II into STAFF: 
Studanla Templed by AdvMure. Fame. 
and Fn-. Gat inIormaIion on evantI 
and maating dIIH at 457-04589. (9130) 

Im-*l in lelming tha Ina and outs of 
filmm.king? Join Hardc:ore Film 
Producllon • • • club dedic:ated to teaching 
you everything you've afways wanted 10 
knOw and morel ...... nga Wed. TBA. (91 
30) 

SENIORS - Register now for SLATE 
(Senior Liberal Arts Training for 
Employm.nt) CAREER SERVICES 
CENTER. $10. (9130) 

COME AND SEEI " you are seeking ... a 
deeper relationship with God. a sense of 
belonging in a faith community. a greater 
fulfillment of your mission in life. Consider . 
becoming part of the CATHOLIC FAITH 
COMMUNITY through the RCIA (Arte 01 
Christ ian Initiation of Adults). The 
CATHOLIC COMMUNITY AT UCSD is 
now accepting inquire,.. Call LYNN NEU. 
534·2521 lor more Information. (9130) 

Hawaflan luau. Saturday. October 5. 7 
p.m.·12. Dancing. dinner. OJ. $4adv8flC8. 
International Canter Offioe. S6 door. (9130) 
ICRHA's first meeting II this Wednesday 
at 5. Located in the Muir Half Dome Lounge. 
(9130) 

Do you live on campus? Do you want to 
meet people from other collages? Come 
and join lhe inter·CoIIege Residence Hall 
Association. Meetings are Wednesdays 81 
5 in the Muir Haft Dome Lounge. (9130-101 
7) 
• 
ALLMAN BrotherslLittla Feat. Oct. 11. 
Pacific Amphitheater. 2 reserved tickets. 
face value. Jason. 259·2073. (9130-1013) 

Studenta: First International Club meating 
i, Monday. Sept. 30 at 6 :30 p.m., 
International Center Lounge. (9130) 

;:------, 

lela CrNm SociII- The UCSD Rotarac:t 
club weIoomat .. studanta \0 ita '"' lela 
Cream Social. h'. a ~ way to find out 
about UCSD's moat exciting lIudanl 
organizallon and gat trea food IDOl 7:30 
p.m. T~. October 1. attha 1nI,ear.. 

FREEI(~) 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari - EIectroIogiIt: 1200 to 1500 
hairs par hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
disc:ounts. 558-464-4122&-1962. (9123--121 
5) 
Word processingltyplng : Academic 
manuscripts. papars. the .... latt.r • • 
rllsumes. AccuraleJlast 18fVica. Mary Ann. 
452-9439. (9123-10/17) 
PASSPORT PICTURES II New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. Xero.es 
and more. Near St. Germains. 452-9949. 
(9123-614) 
European trained pianist Eugenia Korotkin 
prepares students lor a future in music. 
Her students have won top hononI in piano 
competitions. For more information please 
call 467·9812. (9130) 
Professional tutoring . Phyaic:sl 
Mathematics. an courses. Cafllor rates: R. 
Dubisch. Ph.D. (619) 271 -9224. (9130-101 
14) 
CAN YOU AFFORD TO SHOP 
ANYWHERE ELSE? The Computer 
Science Co-op has science booka 1 0 
percent below Bookslore. VISA. 
MASTERCARD. AMEX. DINERS CLUB. 
(9130) 
Fantas1ic Clowns. 223-6814. Clowns lor 
any event. birthdays. theme -a. etc. 
(9130) 
Mira Mala Daycare - NutritIon program. 
loving home environment; one full time 
opening. 2 yrs. or older. 689-0306. (9130-
10110) 
Aurora. Iha ~ lady. weIoomat bac:k 
aI relurning students and orMII .. new 
ones. Come visit h8f al her stand by \he 
Gym steps. Good luck this year I (9130) 
Housesitting. 48-year-old woman. UCSD 
grad student. References. responalble. call 
Karen . 222·1038. (9130-10124) 

Wendy·l. UCSD Price c.ntar: Fill IIld 
part·1ima ahiIIa available. ~ 8IVUnd 
your cia. achaduIal Fun _.01 oman! IIld 
tr .. maaII. SMIour to atan. Call Sua III 
450-91&25. (9/23-8130) . 

Real ...... broMr ~ PT cIaricaI help 
and other relatad duIias. Call Penny. 458-
3851 . (9123-9130) 
BElNGFIT .. I*Ing ....... ~.,.... 
... eher. for CI.lra_nC 10e.'Ion. 
Fledlla hours. cal Lanny, ..,...., 
(9123·1215) 
FAST FUNDRAISERI $1000/week. 
Greeks. clube. anyo08. No invaa1rnanl. 
(800) 7~17 eJet SO. (9I23·10t'14) 
PART TIME WORK. FULL TIME 
EARNINGSI8 different opportunities. F,. 
information. Send SASE to: Bob Schmidt. 
P.O.Box71tl38.Santee.CA92072·1138. 
(9123-1011 0) 
WANTED I SaIl motivated people who want 
\0 lei \hair earnings and do 111 Call 270· 
4712. (9123·1013) 
Male ChlO8aelEnglish speakers. right 
handed. born in U.S .. are neadad lor brain 
wave study. Earn $25 for 2.5 hours. For 
informalion call CIvil. Salk Institute. 453-
4100. ext. 453. (9123) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I M.ny 
positions. Greet banefiIs. c.tI (805) 682· 
7555. Ext p-3387. (9123·9130) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couri.rs .nd 
cruise.hip • . Student. allo n •• d.d 
Christmas. Spring. and Summer for 
Amusement Paril.mpIoyment. Cal (805) 
682·7555 Ext. f·3147. (9123-9I3Ol 
CHILOCARE ASSISTANT NEEDED: 15-
20 hour per weak. Experience and e.ceIanI 
references required. Call 622-3827 . (9123-
9f'30) 
11 FUNDRAISER NATIONWIDE. Your 
trllemlty. lOIority. or other c:8I'f1IUI group 
can earn between $500-$1000 In lass than 
7 days. You pay abIoIIAety nOthing. Call: 
1-800·735-20n Ext. 3. (9123-10128) 

und Table PizzC] 
WE DELIVER 

WANTED 
Retail clolhing salespeopfe. Aft shifts 
avallable. Unique opponunity with last 
growing company. Apply with APPAREL 
DESIGNER ZONE. 82SO Camino Santa 
Fe .• Sle 1. San Diego 92121 (Miramar 
8188).450-3324. (9123"215) 

Be. MIDNIGHT MAGIC distrWor. Earn 
$SO \0 $5.000 e monthl Build your own 
bulinau saling Ingaria from our catalogs 
and videoI. We have to quality items. tha 
best selection and excellent prices. For 
salas packat send $35 to Midnight Magic 
13729.5 Foothilf Blvd. 5uite1314. Sylmar. 
CA 91342 or call (8181) 362-4040. (9123· 
9130) 
GUfTAR PLAYER looking 10 joinlform 
band. Wi. be playing many stytes but 
predominantly hard roc:k. Creativity and 
desire to play originals a plus. Drummers. 
bassists. singers giw me a call Ask lor 
Dave. 458-0971 . (9130-10117) 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
,--- DELIVERY. CARRYOUT OR IN STORE --, 

~ $11.99 PMlox : 
Fabulous Five 

A Large. Thin Crust 
Pizza with pepperoni, 
Mushrooms, Olives, 
Green Peppers and 

Onions 

$4 =~:m 
Toppmg 
Pizza 

Purchase a Medit.Ull Pepperoni 
Pizza for $8.99 and get a 

Mediwn Single Topping Pizza 
fo~ just $4 more. plus tax. 

Good Ihru De<. 31. 1991 only II Good Ihru De< 31. 199t only ... 
UCSO PrIce <An ... /B<.Is E\IO T.....", ucso Pric. <An1..-11l<* E\IO T"""", 

S / t /)J- \ / S \ /. J-' J) /. J) ~ ~ ~ 
I III ( C) \ I . I) I C () \ I I 1< I \ ( I "( II I \\ \ 10 

I \ III B I I III \ J( 1\.., I 1< , I C 11< " 
g 

UCSD and the San Diego Computer Center have the distinction of 
hosting the EDUCOM '91 conference al the San Diego Convention Center 
and the adjacent Maniou HOIel downtown. lbe conference fcallila 
speakers. demonstrations and elthibits of leading edge irtstruClional 
computing technology and ~Urce5. 
Student worken are nHded to Sfatrthe Software Fair exhibit 
area. Dutia: Moaitor and demonstrate Instructioaal software 
exhibits. 
Skill Required: General familiarity with microcompuler software and 
hardw.re operation. 
Time required: MUit be available all day on Wednesday, October 16. 
Must be availlble a grand toIaI of 10 hours indudina some time 011 
Thursday. October 17 and/or Friday October 18. 

Monday, September 30, 1991 

E.rn 11001 H •• lthy right-handed 
C. .. I.lln malaaagad 18-28naadad lor a 
.audyof ... .,...,.... Study~ 
3 waaIIdIy vIIiIa 10 UCSD Medical Cerar 
_ a IWIHnOnIh parIod. c.- 543·2498 
tor ~ _"iidioiL (1130) 
COl, CBINIM, VHS mowieI. Top $IS 
paid . .... Trader. 7094 a..- ReI. 
(883-1.). (1130-1215) 

RecaptIooliIt tor ..... firm. Mornings. 
~ylWednNday 8-2 IIld Tuetdayl 
l'hIncIar 8-1 . KllOWIacIgaofWord PeItac:t. 
..... dIiIII entry IIld taIIpIIoi Ie -"-
L..-d In MIrMW __ Pwtect tor I 
1IudanI. Cal 450-3323. (W3O) 

WANTED-lntefIiganI.c:raaIive. -vatiC 
paapIt to help maka tha Rotarad CkA) \he 
lint on ~. lNm more at our tc. 
CrNm SociaI-Odobar 1 II 7:90 p.m. in 
Iha Inl1 CenIIr. (9f.tO) 

".rk.tlng A •• '.'an' - Sorren'o 
III ••• ,.. .......... .....,T~ 
.... ~ .... 811 I .......... 
.......... wiaIIdng ICIIII mIc w-r and 
becamlngfllllil cl ... "'*' ............. 
............. IO-'InS ....... tr.attng 
environment reI •• ed 10 conv.ntion 
industry is mandatorY. Mec exparianca 
preMrrad. $5 par hour. JeMiler. 457-9882. 
(9130,10/3) 

FOR SALE 
1985 Subaru sedan. 4dr. 5 'P. SOt< mi .• 
caaa.lCInI shape. S2950orbast. 552·3446. 
(9123-9130) 
1981 Honda Prelude - Pa- moonrool. 
arn/Im tape wi equalizer. reliable. apony, 
economical. funl Only 121 SO . 634-1064. 
(9123-1 0/3) 

Prin1w: Panasonic IO(·P1180 9 pin dol 
matrix. 1 year old. $75 firm. Cell Lela. 455-
9358: (1tt'23-10110f 
Ova1ionguitar14861 wlhardcase.Shallow 

• cut-off wlpick-up. cable $525. Yamaha 
clasaical CG-ll0 $1 SO. Stephen. 558-
7504. (9/23-9130) 
Apple Ik:~.lmagewriter. monItOr. 
ex1emal drive. joystick. mouse. koaI. pad. 
IOftware. manuals. $475. 558-7504. (91 
23-9130) 
Hewlett-Packard H-P 12C financial 
calculator. Not UNd. handbooks. 155. 455-
1583.laave rnaaaga. (9123·9130) 

Guitars: Electric lIral. hOIIo. 3 pIc:kupe. 
tramelo. perfacI. 1145. 12-atring. $150. 
Acoallic:. 175. 452-2085. (9123-10/3) 

Excellant coridition mic:row~. MacIum 
size. $25. Cd &.!ny. 546-7830. (9123-91 
30) 

79 Mazda 626. Auto. AC. 89K miles. lois 
of rteW parta Ind work: cylinder haacIs 
resurlac:ad. valve job •• UIparIIion. brakes. 
etc. ~ avallabla. Good condition. 
$1400. Cell 693-8038. (9123-9130) 
SEIZED CARS. trucks. boats. 4-wheelers. 
motorhomes. by FBI. IRS. DEA. Available 
your area now. CaN (805) 682·7555 Ext. C-
1199. (9123-9130) 

REPOSSESSED & IRS FORECLOSED 
HOMES avalable at below market value. 
Fantastic: aaYingtlI You repair. Also S&L 
bailou1 properties. Call (805) 682·7555 
Ext. H·I443. (9123·9130) 

For lOU" ".~ 
.oromy, ,..., 01' 
,."",. 0tpnIatI0n. 
.. " "_,. 

--_ ••• Tf 
:.1 I' • :.. 

Only one c_ per I':ll"1 Only one ~ per 
order. pIeMe. Nee ~ I I~ order. pIeMe Nee r; ( 1"'1 
- """'Mi- R d IIOId wtch N'¥_ '" " I Pay: $7/hr. plus ac.:ess 10 exhibits and demonstrations. Cru... ."Ip 1_" Transportalion: Shunie service be1Ween camp\is and the conrerence will ... _""S be provided. HIRING Men • Women. Summer' =-: lJmUed cIetMty oun oIr ... Umlt«I dltmy Round 
=: ont.r" Table. 5:: ont.r Is Table, 
$8.50 300 Pizza $1.50 :JOt Pizza L ________ -L ________ ~ 

y.., Round. PHOTOGRAPHERS. 
This is .n excellent opportuaity to learn aboullllle--Of'-the-art application. !JOR GUIDES. RECREATION PERSONNEL 
of educalional Iec:hnology IDd illook. p:at 0111 resume! Of coune, Cle ..... ~ FREE trM CIriDIINn. 
Apple and ocher vendon will "we Iota or conference "aoodiea". to handout ~tL NOW~c.:.-:u.=: 

",-COII_bICI_:_Chria_' _Ferpson.....::. __ al....,;5.;.34-68......;..;;.;.:19....,;by::...,;;0c.;,;1Ober.;.;.,;;;.,;I,;.;. 1:..:,.99:,.:I ____ ---J 1-... 731-7000 Ext.!!!£.. 

Monday, September 30,1991 

Need .n inexpensive. dependabl. 
CCIq)Uler? Guaranteed. recyclad IBM 
1)'IIamI Irom $395. Ecology Pea. 481-
11411 . (9/23·10110) 

Men'a 21" 10 IpMd bicycle. E •. Haw. 
C.nturlon ·Ac:cordo· . M·blu • . Fully 
equipped. S200 obo. 455-1583. (9123-111 
30) 

CYCLISTS - Train al homa with thIa 
deluxe Dual Fen NMhbar WInd Trainer. 
LiIIe new 175. AiIIo wed of coIorizllion of 
old films? We hava two black and while 
TVs 155. 563·5603. (9130) 
BooIcaI First Ind aec:ondyear Korean booQ 
lor .... , Chaapar than anywher • . Mike. 
457-3736. (9130--10/3) 
1986 MarcuryLynx-4apd. xlntcondition. 
amIIm caaaatIe. rteW 1irBI. brakae. very 
rellabla. 12.800. 551-G458. (9130) 
8m.- ~aIOr, par1ac:t lot dorm. 170 
obo. Call 568-2005. (Il130) 

For 5aIa: '90 Yamaha RIva. 125 c.c .• 
exoellant condition. perfect traneponallon. 
$950. Call 270-7847. (9130-1013) 
For .... : Twin bed and boxspring. $50 
obo. Twin futon. $SO obo. Like new. Cen 
.50-4323 and leave massage. (9130) 

ANYTIME COMPUTER . ge.red to 
students. 5% discounts. Immediate home 
and office saMca. 12925 Pomerado Rd 
IA. Poway. 488-3067/484-6180. Sea our 
ad lor dataiII. (9130-10121) 

... TECH - Computer Software. all name 
branda. all whoIesaIa pricing. Hardware. 
I ... ing. consulting . STUDENT 
DISCOUNT. 595-4827. (9130-1017) 
Solofln. with L.g and Bult.rfly 
attachlnenb. E.c:ellent condition. $800 
obo. 535-0853. (9130-1013) 

Twin bed lor I8Ie - Spring Air suprema. 
Sell for S300 plus rteW - grell daaI al 
$100. Call RenM at 793~. (9130-1 0/3) 
2 road bicycles. 10 ya.,. old but run wall. 
10-spaed. graatlor commutingl Call 453· 
6858. 125 each - both 1-40. (9130) 
STING ticQts lor sale. Six (6) Excellent 
...... Friday 10-04. P.cific ~ter. 
Cal Brian (619) 587-2811 . (9130) 

One Iarge<leskSSO. twotanlPMdbicydes 
$5OMCh. Cell 587·2713. Gralllconditloni 
(Il130-1013) 

'83 SuzukI GS450 - "- graaI. Iooke 
good. 0epandabIa ltudent transportation. 
Early Katana SlyIing Il8OO obo. Todd • 
689--0389. (Il130-10/3) 
STUFFI Era of tha Storm. Magna\lOlt word 
..-. Raleigh 1O-epaad. Ala •. 792· 
7480. (9130) 

FiDI IIld 41J(11it1on frame 195. Bunk bed 
1165. MattrNI and box-spring. brand new 
175. Sofa-bad. 08_ used 1215. Can 

~. 587-()095. (91)>10110) 

HOUSING 
Pacillc IItacMIIrdroc:k Non-amoIdng MIF 
lor 4 br houR. 4 blocks to beach. All 
amanItIII. Vary quiet Indverylrlendly. S330 
pf"'luI month p1U11/4 utiIitiee. 488--9905. 
(9123·9r'30) 
Room available In spacious 1700 sq It 
townhouse. less than 1 mile from campus. 
pool, fireplace. resarved parking. 
Nonsmokars pie ... S360imonth plus 1/4 
utilities. PlaaseceJJohn orTom. 296-1386 . 
(9123·10110) 
Roommate wanted: female. 3 bedroom 
condo in La Jolla. $35Q/month plus security 
depoeit. 453·6584. (9123·,0/3) 
Pldfic Beach/Crown Point home for rent. 
$950 per month. 2 bedroom. 1 beth near 
bay. Garage. fireplace. laundry. minlblinds. 
beige carpets. Quiet. residential street. No 
pet. 3730 Yosem~. 454·2024. (9123·9130) 
Spac:lous room with own bath in new condo. 
Garage. cable. washer/dryer. pool. $485. 
5&7·2883. (1W3.9I3O) 
Room lor rent In Clalremont house. 
FnpIaoe. trom.tIack yards. wa&'dry8f etc. 
Quiet area neer campus. S3OOImonth plus 
1/4 utilities. Two rooms evaKabIe. Stave or 
Karen. 546-9505. UCSO students. (9123·91 
30) 
Condo. fulyfumished-2.5bedrooms. 2.5 
baths. 2-car g8fage. 1.5 miles from UCSD. 
swimming pool. Jacuzzi. tennis couns. 
washer. dryer. $13OO1month. CeH collect 
(213) -429·1345. (9123-9130) 
FREE ROOM near UTC lor easy going non· 
smoking lemala without pets. BrIan. 455· 
1212. (QI23-1017) 

For Sale: Large dre188r with bookshaff. 2 bedrooms. share bath. ki1chen privileges. 
$50. Twin bed. $40. Racfiner. $50. Call _ privete family home In La Jolla. S400 each 
695-0047. (9130-1013) room. 459-7096. (9130) 
Yamaha RX 7SO· receiver. 80 wpc:. 2 
monIhI old pe!fect condition II boxes and 
recaipta. Two year warranty. New S480 
asking S3OO. Aile Infinity speakers wi 
monstarcable30·-80·. Ben 558-8145. Make 
oHer on aN atuII. (9130) 
HP28C Graphing caJcufator wi manuals 
$100. HPI5C sc:ientific wi manuals ISO. 
Appfe Mac 5128 upgraded to Plus wi 
external drive S5OO. Sam, 298-0690. (91 
30) 

Need cheap. reliabla traneportallon? 1984 
Subaru hatc:hback. Red. air conditioning. 
stereo. graat gas miIeaga. runs perfacdyl 
Exceflent car lor only $1250/ Call 834· 
1064. (9130) 
LUGGAGE CARRIER. car top. clam shell 
type. Moving. must sell . Large capacity. 
e.callent condition. Makaa agreetgiltl $50 
or worst oHer. Joe. 453-6049: or Joaquin. 
569-5158. (9130) 

Sanyo 5-disk CD stereo ",I cassette player 
and amIIm slereo for sale wlo speakers. 
1120. Jenny. 481·7055. (9130) 

1st TECH - Computer Software. all name 
brands. ell wholesale pricing. Hardware. 
leung. oonsufting. homedelivety. Special 
STUDENT DISCOUNT. 595-4827 La Jolla 
and downtown. (9130-10/31) 

Room for rent In TI8"asenta house . New 
house with aM appliances. cable and nice 
backyard. Quiet area 15 minutes from 
campus. $3101m0nth plus 114 utilitieS. 467-
9742. (9130-1013) 
Room With private entry and bath for rent in 
Del Mer home. Kitchen privileges. pool and 
quiet atmosphere. Female. No smoking or 
drugs. 259-0650. S400 per month. (9r'30) 
2 female non-smokers: condo UTC: share 
own room and bath: S275fmonth each; 452· 
1847. (9130-1013) 
Room for rent In lull condo 1·2 people. Must 
_I Great viewl Neg. rent. 558-2308. (91 
30.10(3) 
Roommale wanted; own room andbalhroom 
in apt overlooking pool and garden. Vauhed 
oHIngs. laundry. waightroom. ln UTC.biking 
distance to UCSD. $41 o per month available 
nowl 558-9432. (9130·10/3) 
Rooms lore rent in a beautiful 3bd 2.5 bath 
condo. UTC erea c:toee to 3 but stops. $300 
for 1 bd or S400 lor master bed. Available 
Sept 25. CaN 452-7151 . (9130) 

F~ roommate wanted \0 share large 
maslerbadroom.BeautifullyfumlshedlMng 
room and kiIchen. Aao8& the street from 
campus:pooI: garage: 11. utilities: URGENT. 
CaU Oi at 450-9596. (9130-10/3) 

Grand Opening Special 
5" DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTS 

386SX-2OMHz ......... $1121 386DX-33MHz wl84KCache ....... $1421 
386X-25MHz ........... $1279 4880X-33Miz wl128K Cache .... $1_ 

AU SYSTEMS INCLUDE: 
• 1 MIl RAtI· 12111d 1.44 Floppy TEAC • 80 MB Hard Disk Maxtor 17ms 
• 2 SerI1 P.11 Game Port. _ VGA c.d (512K) • Super VGA Monitor 

• (.28) 1024x7tl'101 Keybc,..c ..... Tower Case 
• 2 y8IIIt labor, I-yea-~ warranly 

Howl: 
Mon.·Fri. 9-6 
Sll.10--6 
CAU..~ 
AnyIinI: aM1. 

The UCSD Guardian 

RENT: Own nMIa in cleen. sunny. upstairs 
Mir. Mesa apt. All amman. Parking and 
pool. CfoIe to aI. short drive to UCSD. Need 
mature. c:Iean. quiet non·lRIOkar. Call Ellan 
1mmadiaIeIy. 566-2702. (9130-1013) 
Spacious mailer bedroom with privata bath 
10 minulas from campus In nice oomplex 
with pool. IPII. and laundry. $38OImonth 
plus 1/2 utilities. No amoklng. no drugs. no 
pelS. Celt Aaron at 578-4742. (9130·1017) 
Own room and bath avaNabie in spacious 
La Jolla Colony condo; attached garage; 
laundry Inside. shared space furnished: 
IooIIingfornon·smoIUng.reaponsibIelemale: 
$415fmonth p1u1113 utilities; 558·2688 (9t 
30·1013) 
Female roommate naadedto sh8le mester. 
Own beth. balcony. Condo has washerl 
dryer. patio. dlshwasher. Near Vons and 
bus 1Iop. $275/mo plus 1/4 utilitiea. Cal 
457·2552. (9130) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost cal. BlacklWhita mala. Wh~e stripe 
across back of neck. Ptease caU 453·1135 
any time. (9130-1017) 

PERSONALS 
Ooug- Old you Slyyoulikad raw meat? Or 
was it the you ate meat raw? (9/30) 
RUGBY - Kiwis. Ausaies. Brks. anyone 
with elljl&rience. why not play for UCSD? 
Cal Stenny. 792-4592. (9130) 

Feliz cumpleanos Claudial Hoy es tu dia. 
pasa 10 con fetidda y emor .. . Love u. Jaime. 
(9130) 
HAZEL HEIDI. UCSD Is looking good 
already. When can we meet next? How 
about "BUCK· nightallhe Clairemont Bowl? 
Love. the short guy. (9130) 
Hey Bronco Stud- Wanna see mybultertly? 
I'm glad we're still frlendsl Love. S. (9130) 
Fifth College : Nandita. Shervin. Vanessa. 
Becky. Eric. Scott. Chris and UrI - Thanks 
formakino Welcome Week look easyl Todd . 
(9130) 

Chris Jones- You 8Ie the sunshine behind 
these grey cotton clouds. Keep smiling. 
keep bringing smiles to this dreary world of 
hate. ·Zander". (9130) 
D.vid Baronotshy - You have had the 
greetest influence on me sihCe I left Chris. I 
will lOve you always. (9130) 

Frankie -I can't wa~ for next year's grand 
opening (Sept 1992) of AnneHe in Hulaland 
et the Grove Gallery. Love. Annette. (9130) 

Hey roomies - Mark. tum It down: Joe. 
don1 forget to clean up; Jas:ln. milk and 
Pepsi? Your landlOrd from heP. (9130) 
Melanie'a Reel at Warren Building 2: What 
will get you first? The sharks in the pit. the 
midterms or the crazy RA in 23081 Only 
time will tell .. . (9I3O) 

M -In a position 01 auth~ eh? Are you 
going your power? Please? 8) (9130) 
Move your IIpsl Audition for Symphony 
Chorus Mus 950. 9130191 . Sign up on Music 
Dept board. (9130) 

COME AND SEEI If you are seeking ... a 
deeper relationship with God. a $8058 of 
belonging in a fa~ community. a groater 
fufliUment of your mission in IHe. Consider 
becoming pan of the CATHOLIC FAITH 
COMMUNITY through the RCIA (Rite of 
Christian Initiation 01 AdultS) . The 
CATHOLIC COMMUNITY AT UCSD is now 
8CI;9pIing Inquirer,. Call LYNN NEU. 534· 
2521 lor more information. (9130) 

Seeking TM medialors to create campus 
coherencawilhS1Udenlorganization. Leave 
name. number al 551 ·8711 . (9130·1013) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business Internship & 
training you can find! 

EARN $6-$ 12,(0)+ while 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992. 
Call 

l-IOO-KALL-UPP today 

CLASSIFIBDS 29 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

HOURS: \1 f : .. , ';1 I.! II r; Pili . Sd l , iJ III 

3211 Holiday Court, La JolJa 
Next to Domino's Pizza 452·9949 

fAX SERVICE AVAILABLE, FAX #(619) 450-9949 Expires 10/30/91 

SPECIALS 
YAKIMONO D JIPln •••• Food A • Teriyaki Chicken with vegctab lc tcmpur,l 

or Califumia roll with salad &: ricc 
• Tcriyaki Chicken, beef, or I 

pork selVed with salad and rice L 
LUNCH $3.99 y 

LUNCH $4.99 
DINNER $5.95 

DINNER $4.75 s....~ .. ..; .. .-IfIO';"t. ooIy o;". ~ ooIy 
r------------------, I DINNER TERIYAKI ~ICKEN, BEEF, TEMPURA $1250 I FOR 2 With soup, and salad 
L WITH TIt$ AD. lop. 10/14/ 91 .J 
------------------~ ..... r.:( .... n..) La Jolla Colony Plaza 452-4255 ~~,!:,s:...:,~. , 501·1 Tm Regents Rd. ' 501 (Vons ~opping Center) 

r.ke ........... w. also eIftr c ....... ..me... 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styting $4 extra. 
Full service prtces reg. $21-$26 
Standby lares are subjeCt to avallabifity 
01 styliSts. To insure lastef service. it's 
best to come in on weekdays. 

~lAi~ 
Gr\APFliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Villa .. Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 



II.. 

30 SPO:a.TS T'hcUCSDG ....... ....." Sqi4o""cr 30, 1991 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
::,E I'-L \1['[.~ ~'.l ~t_i'TL~,L]d~ ."'; , 

SEASO~ RECORDS \OTES 

~ Ma'S SOCCER 
~ 5-3jbeat Gnrld CarfjOfl University 2-1 

~ WOMEN'S VOUEYBAl1 
~ 14-2,1Won Mizuno.Hany's Invitational 
~ MEN'S WATER POlO 
~ l-l/results from Nor-Cal Tourney ooavailable 

UPCOMING EVENTS 

DIIII I!WInt TIllIe 

Oct. 1 3:30 
Oct. 2 3:00 
Oct. 4 
Oct. 5 

Stanford UniYers' Invitatlonal 4:00 .m. 
Cross Country at 
Biola University Invitational 10:00 a.m. 
M. Soccer v, Messiah (PA 3:00 p.m. 
Water Polo at 

All 
.m. 

Oct. 6 .m. 
Oct,7 W. Soccer v. Claremont .m. 
Oct, 9 M. Soccer v. The Master's 3:30 p.m. 

W. Volle all v, UC Riverside 7:00 p,m, 
Oct. 12 Water Pblo at UCLA Bruin Cup All Day 

W. Volleyball v. 
U. of Pennsylvania at Pomona 2:00 p.m. 
W. Volleyball at Cal Poly Pomona 7:00 p,m. 

Oct. 13 M. Soccer v. St. Mary's (MN) 1:00 p.m. 
Fencing: UCSD Bladerunner 9:00 a.m. 

Oct. 14 W. Soccer v. Cal Baptist 3:00 p.m. 
W. Volleyball v. Chaminade (HI) 7:00 p.m. 

Oct. 16 M. Soccer at cal Poly Pomona 7:30 p.m. 
W. Soccer at Cal Poly Pomona 5:00 p.m. 
W. Volleyball at Occidental 7:30 p.m. 

Oct. 19 Cross Country at Cal Poly SLO Invite 8:30 a.m. 
W. Soccer v. CSU San Bemardino 3:00 p.m. 
W. Volleyball v. 
CSU Domi!'€uez Hills 7:00 p.m. 
Swimming and Divill!: v. Fresno St. 12:00 p.m. 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
IlllULTI 

-CoIIIeoIl.- 615, \S6, 1617. 15 
~ 159 
1A:Sl)d. _ ~. 1511&14 
_4Lo_15ll56.15-1 
_1I._1~1~IUll5. 15-l 
!.QOII.U_ 15-7. 111i.\S6 

_'_15Il1.IlII5. I~\S6 
1>_d, Coindo Ul1.1115.1!-1 
1A:Sl)Q._ 161., 1~1!-7 
1>_11._ 15-<.16IU~U 

lOX ICCIREI 
uc .. .,.... 

(7 K [ lA PC! A CIGS kOCllS 
111 _ 3 12 0 16.750 0 2 3 
Smn ,., 3 5 011 ,455 05 I 
F _ _ •. 3 0 I • . .250 ;l) 3 I 
_ ,2 2 8 .250 0 3 I 
_ .. 2 3 10.200 0 1 2 
YII.3 < 2 1 .286 I 2 3 
'"'" , ••. 3 0 I I ,11XIl 0 2 0 
SUI _ 3 2 0 5 .400 0 3 I 
_ .. 1 I 0 I LIXIl 0 I 0 
_ _ I 0 00 .roo 0 3 I 
_ .• 1 I I 2 .roo I 2 0 
""",_, I 1 0 • . 250 0 0 0 
T_ T_ 35 10 19 .362 32 27 13 

c.......c.-. 
" I £ TA PC! A IKS IlOCI(S 

_ _ 3 I 0 2 LOOO 233 0 
Looor _ 3 0 0 0 .000 0 3 0 
.... _. 3 • 2 13 .1St 0 3 0 
1'IIiIiII_ 3 2 2 I .000 2 I I 
_ _ 3 102 20 .361 0 5 I 
~_3 3 I 11.us o. 0 
... .• _ •• 3 0 0 I .000 0 3 0 
_ •• 3 1 < 25 .120 0 2 I 
_ _ I I 0 I tOOO 0 0 0 
T_'_ ,. U 71 ,IJO 25 2< 3 

LCSI) 11 15 15 
Coindo 11 0 l 

uc ...... 
(7 K E rA PC! A '*" IIlOOO r _ _ 3 

• o 10 400 <03 3 s.ou _ 3 5 I 19 ,211 o 1 I 
_ ._3 0 II ·LOOO09 0 __ _ 3 

I o 20.400 3 12 0 
v., ow. 1 6 5 21.041 3 5 2 1 .. . ___ 1 8 329 .112 o 1 5 _ _ 3 

10218 ,'" o 0 2 
HIMI_ 3 I o I LOOO I I 0 
_3 I I 8 ,500 o I 0 _ _ I 

3 o • . 750 o 0 I T_'_ 50 13 Ill.212 <741 I' 
... ...... 

(7 K [ lA PeT A OIGS kOCllS 
c.an ._ 1 • 4 11 ,000 107 2 
_ _ 3 

13 5 1I ,258 2 II 3 1Mt __ 3 I. 3 39.212 o 17 2 _ _ . 3 
0 2 IO ,11X1l;l)6 ' I _ _ 3 
3 < 32 "Oll o 11 3 

• . _ 3 8 2 16 .315 2 U 3 _ _ 2 
2 o 3 ,Me o I 0 

Colt _ I 0 I • 
··2511 o 0 0 

"", _ •• 1 0 2 • ·.500 o 0 0 
,-,- .. 2lUU.a .," 1< 

UCSO II 15 15 

-

U I 7 

IN THE AI OCHERS 
by Steve Moore 

uc .. .,.... 
• I [ TA PC! A DI6S IJICIIS 

_ _ 3 1 1 3 .000 0 10 0 
_ _ 3.2 U .333 O' 1 
_ . 2 8 5 11 .\66 1 3 1 
Voollop 3 U 2 2<.315 < 6 3 
, .. _ 2 • 0 6 ,l1li1 I 2 0 
_ _ 2 1 I 3 .000 0 12 3 
"",_ 2 0 0 0 .000 1 2 2 
s..; _ 2 1 0 3 .333 0 2 0 
_ . 2 2 I 5 .200 0 0 5 
_ _ I 1 14 .000 02 I 
r _ _ 3 I I I LOOO 202 0 
,_,_ 311 13 19.m 3341 16 

" I 
[ TA PeT A '*" IJICIIS 

_ __ l 

I I 3 ,000 o 3 I 
lit. Il1o . l 5 2 11.200 o • I _ _ 3 

2 I < ,250 114 0 
1It. IIoII , l 3 o 10 om I 6 I 
'_,_ 3 4 < 21 ,000 o 6 0 
_ ,3 5 • 11-* 1 0 
L* ._._ I 0 o 1 ,000 o 0 

~,3 0 o 0 ,000 o 4 

-,- 21 II at .0117 1127 
ucso 15 L5 II 

-

4 I 14 

UC .. .,.... 
" K I TA PCT A OIGS IJICIIS 

r _ _ 3 
2 o 6 .333 121 2 

v .. 1Iop 3 14' I ;l) ,433 o 2 2 _ _ 3 
0 O. 1 .000 o I 0 

_ ,3 8 I 31 ·,028 0 10 I 
, .. ___ 3 11 < 32 ,211 o 2 0 _ _ 3 

8 I I • . '31 o 20 0 _ _ 3 
U 5 21 .21' o 2 • 

"",_ 2 0 o I ,000 o 2 0 
s..; ,_ 2 I o 3 ,333 o I 0 
-,- 55 20 ~.225 1255 9 
uv... 

" lETA PC! A 11&1 UCIIS 
_ _ 33315.000 0< 0 
_ .• _ 3 3 31.000 341 1 
_ _ 3 U I !IO .IJO 0 16 0 
_ __ 3 2 5 II ·.J!I I 7 0 
...... _ 3 16 351m I 7 0 
_ _ 3 • 3 25 .m 0 0 1 
_ ,3 0 I 2 ·SIO I 4 0 
_,_ e 2HTI.U' 3731 2 

UCSO 15 17 15 
11_ 7 II I 

W , SOCCER 
IlllULJI 

' UCSOI CSUs.._1 
UCS02 UC_l 
I.CSO < "'-' co-. 0 

M. SOCCER 

CROSS COUNTRY 
IlllULTI 
..... 2111 -.., FIlM 

_LUCs...lO.1"'Pl~TIIII 
_ M.I!. 4. __ ,"-. 141.1 
_ , 15LI._tAl\lln ....... ,D. T. 
1iMnIJ" s.. DiID. 2I7.llllC. m 

0\' ~::::av ~hings c"m" !~'d,'I"dmp"" you .Just ea"" 
nurdrycll'aning. Pickup live .... t" 

groceries , Do y(1Ur banking. Your .... ' 
dieting. Your ilrt framing , And Q~. 
never movc your (l r, 

It' you ' rl' hungry for an ,dl - YOll -
Gltl-eill trCilt, come to t hl' Soup 
he ...... , Pick ......... ', with 
pl.lyl.lnd to keep everyone in thl' 
f.lmily happy. To 'i.1tisfy your 
cril\'i ng for cl go(xi book, ;;hop 
Iook.t.r, Looking for cl good 
buy? Th. Men'. W •• rho •• e will 
Mlil vou fine, And "II the ((\l11f()r l ~ 
of home', ,He wiliting .1t Pi., 1 
' .. port •. 

COSTA VERDE 
For all tho:-;~ evervJilY things ' 

th'lt lIslI<llly t.lke 10 trip'" lake ,1 
shurtc llt ins ll'.1d . Eil"il'r li"in~ i~ 
right ,Hound thl: corner, 

At Costa Verde. 
Corncr uf Gcnt.~t.'e & 
Lil Joll,' Vill.lgt:' Dr:iVl'. 
.t31Pl270 

Moadq, Scptanbcr 30, 1991 

....... ~ 
VlkkI Van Duyne had four assists 
and six digs FrIday .Inst Menlo. 

w. V-BALL 
ContInued hm .... 32 

The Tritons captured Ihe tourna-
ment title with peIbaps their finest 
team effort of the tournament in a 
15-11, 15-10, 15-3 shellacking of 
Colorado College. All-Tournament 
selection Elizabeth Tan led UCSD 
with 12 kills, three solo blocks and 
an impressive .750 hitting percent-
age. 

Tan wajoinedon Ihe Ali-Tour-
nament team by teammales Heather 
Holtzclaw and tournament MVP 
Julie Fabian, who paced the Tritons 
with 70 assists. 

The results of the championship 
match were really no different from 
the Tritons' first three matches, as 
they marched methodically through 
the field. In Friday's opener against 
Menlo, they rolled 154, 15-1,16-
14. Villi Van Duyne led UCSD 
with II kills. 

It was the second time in less 
than to days that the Tritons rocked 
Menlo, having already beaten them 
in the Pomona-Pitzer Tournament 
last weekend. 

In the Tritons' second game of 
the afternoon against La Verne, 
UCSD stnJ~ briefly in the sec-
ond game but finally prevailed 15-
7, 17-16, 15-6. Like Menlo, the 
Leopards succumbed to a heavy 
barrage of firepower at the net (55 

. toea1kills). Van Duynehad 14kills, 
and Tan and Holtzclaw added II 
apiece. Fabian set them up with 52 
assists. 

Saturday morning, in a wann-up 
for the toumament fmale against 
Colorado, the Tritons roUed through 
Southwestern after starting slowly 
16-14,15-8, 15-7. Holtzclaw led the 
way with to kills. 

Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
credited the Tritons' success thus 
far to a rigorous practice schedule: 
"The way we play our matches is 
created in our practices. We have a 
second team which is grear in push-
ing our first team." 

It's no wonderthalhe just sits on 
the bench and smiles as the reserves 
finish off opponents where the start-
ers left off. 

"This is a team victory," 
Danneviksaid. "RiaIWnowtheream 
is so solid, it's good-really good." 

Space for sale 
ADVERTISE 

IN THE 
GUARDIAN 
CaD 534-3467 

The UCSD Guardian 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Sorl Lenses ElIleodc:d Sofl Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes 10 blue 

-Includes: CL exam, care kil, myopic lenses. 30 
Brands indudc BelL. Cooper. WJ, 
paraperm, 

CLAaMONT 
279-5818 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Btvd. 

• S.rylc. 
• Q •• llt, .,.c.r. 
• ••••••• bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave, 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10-5 

SPORTS 31 

IT'S 
BUCK NITE 

t , at CLAIREMONT BOWL 
Tuesday Nites - 9 PM to Midnite 

Bowling - BUCK A GAME 
Draft Beer - BUCK A CUP (12 oz) 

Pepsi - 2 FOR A BUCK 
Hot Dogs - 2 FOR A BUCK 

CLAIREMONT BOWL 276-2240 
3093 CLAIRMONT DRIVE OVERLOOKING BEAUTIFUL MISSION BAY 



~ , . 

SPORTS 
------------------------------------------------------------~-------------------' --Monday, Scpcanber so, i991 3lSPOllTS 

KEEPtG 
SCORE ~ JASON SNELL 

It's Stupidfest '91: 
Chargers vs.' Padres 

A II, SEPTEMBER IN SAN Diego. And, as usual, it's the Fall of our discontent. 
Everyone's back in school. TIle 

weather's begun to change. If 
there were real seasons in this pan 
of the stale, the leaves would be 
turning colors and covering the 
ground. 

1be Padres are nowhere near 
pennant contention_ TIle Chargers ' 
season is already a total loss, after 
only one-quarter of the grunes 
have been played. And since the 
city's only NBA team up and ieft 
town years ago, there's nothing to 
look forward to ... except maybe 
some indoor soccer, if the league 
doesn' t fold. And some minor 
league hockey, if the league 
doesn't fold. 

And beyond that? fadre ~;Jring 
training, the time when hope 
springs etemal. Fans hope the 
Padre will put it together. And 
Tony Gwynn hopes that. maybe 
just tlris year, people in San Diego 
will realize he's the best 'hitter in 
baseball and treat him as he 
deserves to be treated. Noah. 

Big spons town. 
Though both the Chargers and 

the Padres are playing right now, 
it 's the Chargers that are the big 
story. The Padres have been 
losing all year; the Chargers just 
staned. We've known for months 
that Padre Manager Greg Riddoch 
has no clue - now we're leaming 
the same thing about Dan 
Henning, 

HENNING'S A perplexing coach. This summel', I had the 
chance to interview him while I 
was interning al a local TV 
station. Henning dislikes the 
media. to put it mildly. He doesn't 
like to give stmighl answers. This 
can't be held against him - if a 
group of people felt it was their 
job to attack my job peri'onnance 
every day in public, I'd probably 
di like them, too. 

If you can get Henning to 
actually answer a question. you 
might consider yourself lucky. It 's 
like being present at a miracle, as 
ifAxl Rose suddenly leamed how 
to sing or the Sacramento Kings 
learned how to draft. But 
Henning 's answers aren't wonh 
the celebration - they're usually 
perplexing, nothing more than 
reitemtions of the questions he's 
been posed, 

I s JOliN Fries: the starting qlJllrttrbad:? you'd ask him. 
He's the pers011 we plan on 

startillg Sunday, He'd say. 
So he's the starting qua/'ter· 

back. the reponers ask. 
I didll ' t say that, Henning 

replies. 
. The crypt' rantings of an ()'S 

head coach. He's probably wonder· 
ing if he should have igned lhe 
year-long lease at his spacious 

See SCORE, Page 23 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Hunts Down Antelopes 2-1 

Todd Curran (I) has filled in for injured teammates, while Alex Savala (r) has been a steady force on defense, 

The future of the Tritons' season is still very much in question 
By Pet., Ko 
Sports Editor 

Derek Annstrong sounds likea 
man who has seen his future and 
still isn't sure what to upcct. 

"Ask me in a week," he said, 
upon being asked whether the 
men's soccer ream's two srraight 
wins over Southern California 
College and Grand Canyon Uni-

• versity (U nil'trsiry?) were an indi-
cator that the Tritons had finally 
found the leash on their guide dog 

after wandering aimlessly in the 
dark for much of the previous six 
games. 

"Not really," he said when 
asked if he had seen any positive 
signs emerging from the two wins. 
"Exccpt that we're S·3." 

Perhaps it 's the seemingly 
unending streak of bad luck that 
has left Annstrong pessimistic. 
UCSD seemed to be geuing its 
feet back when midfteldcr Mike 
Lodoen made his fll'St appearance 

in three weeks and midfielder Jarret 
Stevenson played for the first time 
this season against Grand Canyon 
Friday. 

But then Lodocn was forced to 
leave the game when his heel injury 
continued to bodler him. 

He's scheduled to see a special-
iSi today to detennine whether or 
notthcre isa fnK:ture,and Armstrong 
is not shy in noting thai more than 
one person is nervous about this 

See IW..ANCE, Page 21 

• Men's soccer makes 
it two straight with 
win over Grand 
Canyon University 
ByClvls ....... 
Associate Spotts Editor 

It was t!gbt up to the final 
whistle, but the UCSD men's 
soccer team hung on and came 
away with a 2·1 win Friday af-
ternoon against the Antelopes of 
Grand Canyon University. 

The Tritons were intense as 
lhe game opened, keeping the 
ball on the Antelopes' side of the 
field. 

BUI even with some early op-
portunities, the Tritons till 
couldn't manage 10 push a goal 
past the Antelopes. 

Finally, however, the offen-
sive pressure paid offwhen Mike 
Gerhardt put the Tritons (S·3) up 
1-0 at 22:26 on an unassisted 
goal from outside the box that 
sneaked into the left comer of 
the net. 

Near the end of the.half, the 
Triton offense came alive once 
again. Forward Chris Hanssen 
put UCSD up 2-0 on a rebound 
shoe after a header by Gerhardt 
bounced off the crossbar, 

At halftime, the Tritons lip-
peaRld to be in pretty good shape 
- up 2-0 and maybe even be-
giMing to smell a shutout. 

Head Coach Derek Ann-
strong instructed his players to 
"concenlrate" and not let the 
Antelopes tum the tide of the 
conlest. 

See M. SOCCER, Page 26 

All Tritons, All Toumament 
• Women's volleyball 
claims championship of 
Mizuno Invitational 
By Alex Buckmelter 
Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD women's volleyball 
team swept all four of its matches 
and captured the championship a.~ 
the host of its own Mizuno-Harry's 
Invitational this weekend while put-
ting on an awesome display of power 
and finesse in the process. After all 
was said and done, the Tritons had 

Dana Simone dug this ball as the Tritons swept all four of their matches. boosted their overall record to 14-2 

Women's Soccer Pays the Price of VIctory 
• Tritons pick up two wins and a tie in a trip 
through Division n, but injuries might be costly 
By Andy o.yton 
Slaff Writer 

Shunned by Division III 
teams, the hungry UCSD 
women's soccer team spent the 
benerpan oflast week feeding in 
Divi ion II. The Tritons came 
away from the week with wins 
over Chapman and UC Irvine 
and a tie with CSU San Bernar-
dino, 

UCSD's only real challenge 
came on Wednesday in San Bet· 

nardino. After falling bchind I-Ofor 
rnostofthtgame, UCSDgot abrcak. 

The Triton offense had been ham-
pered all game by rough physical 
play and some questionable offici-
ating. 

In the end, however, the officials 
caught on to the Coyote tactics and 
gave the Tritons fouradditionaJ pen. 
a1tymillUles, the n:sultofthe CSUSB 
coach'sdelaysandunnccessarysu~ 
bing, 

That wu all UCSD needed, 

Midfielder Cindy Eddy finally net-
ted a goal on the team's I Sib shot to 
irnot the game at 1·1. 

'"The goalie was either good or 
lucky," said Triton Head Olach 
Brian McManus, explaining 
UCSD's low shooting pel'CCf\lB8C. 
"She managed to be there on nearly 
every shot. ,. 

Like any good battle, there were 
casualties, Midfielder Celesle 
DeLeon. the Tritons' only fresh-
man was Io'st for the season with a 
broken ankle. 

Fullback Heather Se8rs sufI'emI 
see W.IOCCER, p ... 24 

and remained undefeated against 
Division III schools. 

Colorado College, La Verne, 
Menlo, and Southweslern (an NAIA 
school from Texas which will be-
come Division III next year) all 
carne to the Triton Gym looking to 
boost their roomIes with upset vic-
tories over the defending NCAA 
Division UI national clwnpion Tri-
tons. 

But as has been an all too pre· 
dictable trend of late. UCSD was 
clearly in another leag!JC from its 
opposition. 

See W, y~, Page 31 

...... ~ 
Jodie Robertson cheses en 
Anteater down the field friday, 

.. 

o 
CW) 
.. 

.! 
E 
t 
cZ 

.. 

The People, women's banking / Page 4 
The Place, one student's view / Page 3 

" Arena, your views /Page 2 

Carin LewIGua-diWi 



Sl SPECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday, ScpIanbcr 30, 1991 

We're looking for professionals who 
can see beyond the obvious. 

1----- ... - .. 

I---~~----- ... ------------

QUALCOIVW\ 
We are an equal opportunity emploYfr 

UCSD STUDENTS, FACULTY AND STAFF 
ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO 

-+- UNIVEk~ ify lUniEkAN tHU~'H ~ ANb EGUMENltAl 'ENTE~ 
. ~ 

Across "the street from Revelle Coliele 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near North Torrey Pines Road 

Sunday Wonblp at 10: 15 a. m .. .. ·Wont and World" Porum on 
Current Issues after church at 11:30 a.m .... StudeDt Suppers on 

Wednesdays at 6 p.m .... BIble 8t11dy at 7 p.m .. .. Our LouJICe. 
Cbapel. and Ubrary are opea daD,.. except Monday. 

For further InfonnIrtIon or ,....".. are, conuct 
CM1PUS pat« JolIn Q. H ..... , D. MIn., 4S3-01I61 or 4. 8855 

Spread-spectrum CDMA digital 
cellular telephone systems, mobile 

• satellite communications net-
works, HD1V image compression 
and full custom ASIC and MMIC 
designs. These weren't always 

, 

obvious solutions to communica-
tions challenges. 

It took astute engineering and 
creative thinking to make them 
realities for demanding global 
markets. And it all happened first 
at QUALCOMM. 

We're looking for new gradu-
ates to decide what comes next. 
It's a big challenge, but we have 
big rewards. Our environment is 
unstructured and stimulating. 
Our unparalleled breakthroughs 
have'made us the employer of 
choice in our industry and have 
attracted the top-minds in a wide 
array of dixiplines. 

We have openings for a few 
special graduates with degrees in 
Electrical Engineering, Computer 
Science or related field. Those 
who see solutions before others 
see a problem. 

If you're working towards a 
degree in Electrical Engineering, 
Computer Science or a related field, 
send your resume with transcript 
to: QUALCOMM, Inc., A1TN: JAD, 
10555 Sorrento Valley Rd., San 
Diego, CA 92121; or fax to: 
(619) 452-9096; or by internet 
jobs@drzeus.qualcomm.com 

• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 

Photographer: Alex Klyusner 

EileeD Droepmueller, Senior 
Third, PsyeboloaY 

"At least two times a month, 
because [ am the only one in my 
group of friends who has yet to 

tum 2\''' 

Christie Lake, Freshman 
Tbird, Psyc:bolou 

"About three to four times a 
year, because I love to buy 
leather shoes and get some 
authentic Mexican food." 

Thomas Harviek, Senior 
Muir, CommunicationJ 

"Not often since turning 21. but 
I have many wild memories." 

• Danishes 
• Scones 
• GaPPuccino 

\ • Gourmet Coffee 
.J 

• Homemade Soups • F~h Breads 
Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is"brainfood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Dey •• Week • 481-8590 
1.7 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Comer of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Monday, Scptembu 30, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE S3 

Impressions of the other side 
By MIry Betty ....... s.n#OI'Stlil WIfter 

I am visiting Tijuana in September, 
and I am not expec:tina much. 1 remem-
ber it as dirty and smelly, a place where 
all the people do is try to sell you things 
you don't want but end up buying 
anyway.l recall the horror stories about 
drunk students getting left behind in 
Tijuana bars, and I don't want to 
experience the night life. 

The Mexican side of the border 
displays the rows of ceramic Teenage 
Mutant Ninja TunIcs and lawn statues. 
Most of the shops in the outdoor U.S.-
style mall Viva Tijuana are dark, empty 
holes in the building face. The only 
thriving business is a restaurant advenis-
ing American-style bistro cuisine and 
beer. 

We reach the bridge over the Tijuana 
River, and I notice a woman selling 
bracelets with a child across her back 
and an older man selling red plastic 
violins made for little hands. They don't 
really look at us and we try to avoid 

staring at them. 
Shelves of Mexican jumping beans, 

thick woven rugs, heavy stone chess 
sets, leather hats, silver chains, double-
edge knives, marijuana pipes, stuffed 
armadillos and bulls' homs crowd the 
causeway. Avenida de la Revolucion is 
more of the same - crowded, overflow-
ing with wares, compounded with liquor 
stores and second"story dance clubs. 

We start to see a change in the 
atmosphere the farther we get from 
Revolucion. In a warm plaza with 
restaurants. a grocery. a jewelers, and a 
five-and-dime, we see sets of handprints 
of famous Tijuanans molded into the 
plaza walk. "Para mi lierra Tijuana. Lo 
quitro mucho." For my land Tijuana. I 
love il a 101. 

~oon the stores advenise albums and 
compact discs, LA. Gear sneakers and 
fancy dresses with sequins and bustiers 
in satin. Vendors on the street sell 
newspapers, food. drinks, knock-off 

~~7/1~~ ~ CONCERT &.iL-Ut SERIES 
--

PIXIES 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
PEAE UBU 

perfumes and funky earrings. There are 
no dirty little children running after us 
selling bracelets and gum, grabbing our 
clothing and looking pitiable. Instead, 
we see mothers with children in crisp 
school unifonns and young people 
walking together. 

I'm sure that J am not the first to 
discover that Tijuana is a city. just I ike 
New York or Los Angeles. That not 
every Tijuanan tries to persuade unwary 
tourists to buy "authentic Mexican" 
poncho and sombreros. That people 
have regular jobs; thaI there are lawyers, 
doctors, phannacists, teachers. bakers, 
repol1ers, politicians. 

"Subtly & Superbly funny'" 
·NEW YORK P()ST 

Tijuana is a poor city in a poor nation, 
near a rich city in a rich nation. But the 
fact that my first impression of Tijuana 
tainted my view of the rest of the city 
frightens me. It makes me realize that 
some tourists and students get only a 
limited view of a large, diverse city that 
deserves more of their allention. 

People need to be more adventurous. 
We can't just believe that Tijuana is 
simply diny and ugly and a good place 
to buy cheap liquor. We need to prove to 
ourselves that there is another world 
beyond the tourist's view of foreign 
countries, and take the time to explore it 
for ourselves. 

"'Second City' is brilliant." 
-TIME MAGAZlNE 

Touring 
Company 

® 

SEE TOMORROW'S STARS TODAYI 
OCTOBER 4 • FRIDAY • 8PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

t St. $10 • O.A. $14 • Faculty/Staff & Sr.Cit. $12 UCSD lox CHic. • 534-4559 ;~. 
.......... by UCSD Uniwnity Events Office -~ •• o!~.~~"!-Tx;-



U Monday, September 30,1991 

Relying on women's sense of community, 
FINCA promotes grassroots banking 
throughout Mexico and the Third World. 

" 

It was important to me 
that I could help 
women to help 
themselves. 

Consuelo Garza, 
FlNCA coordinator 

" 

By carolyn WIc:zyMkI 
On this particular day, one woman 

can't make her loan payment to the bank . . 
The other members of the bank decide to 
hold a raffle among themselves in order to 
make up the debt. 1l1e woman donates a 
girdle and a can of scented talcum 
powder. Tickets costs 2,000 pesos (about 

65 cents). The winner walks away 
with a nice gift and the bank is 

back in busine s. 
This may not wortc for 

conventional banks, but the 
"village banks" created with the 
help of the Foundation for 
International Community 
As istance (FINCA) are not . 

common bank . F1NCA is a 
world-wide, non-profit organization 

that works primarily in Latin America 
and specializes in making loans to very 
poor communi tie in order to improve 
family welfare. 

Phil Decker, who hails from Wash-
ington, D.C., i regional director of the 
RNCA program in nonhem MeJl.ico. 
According to Decker, ··It is the philosophy 
of FJNCA that we stay at a humble level 
and help many people a little rather than 
help a few a great deal." 

In Tijuana, RNCA is organized by a 
coordinator and two promoters. Their job 
is to go to new communities and find out 
if anyone is interested in establishing a 

• village bank. The average size of these 
banks is about 25 people. 

Maria Luz Velasquez was a wortcer in 
a Tijuana maquiladora. an American-
owned factory employing local workers, 
when she first heard about the village 
banks. At an orientation. he volunteered 
to be a promoter. "I took the job because I 
could get out of the maquiladora and 
work with other women." she says. 

Estela Andrade is also a promoter for 
three village banks. as well as being a 
member of one such bank. "The thing J 
like most about my job is the fact that I 
can work with other women and help 
them improve their lives as I have 
improved my own," she eJl.plains. 

One requirement for receiving a 
FlNCA loan is that you must be a woman. 
FlNCA' s ~ain goal is for people to use 

The UCSD Guardian 

Marlha Imelda Vtlasqllez. below. works at her home 
peanut packing business. 

Ramos and Maria 
tend to village bank business. 

their loans to start small businesses. This 
helps them to increase their incomes so 
they can improve their housing, food 
supply, and schooling. FlNCA has found 
that the money is used for these aims if it 
is loaned to women because, they say. 
women typically have stronger ties and 
feelings of responsibility for their family's 
improvement than do men. 

Each new member to a bank must 
first be approved by the other members 
and be able to show a record of savings. A 
new member must also have a plan for a 
business and how the money is to be used 
in that business. Usually the businesses 
involve selling food, clothing, cosmetics, 
households goods and small gifts from 

their homes. 
"Most women keep their merchandise 

in their homes, sometimes selling out of 
their bedrooms," Decker says. He hastens 
to add thatronning a retail businesses out 
of one's home is not unusual in Mexico. 

After a "test period" the member is 
given a loan of the equivalent of SO 
dollars, to be repaid in four months. Each 
week the members of the bank gather at a 
member's house and pay back their loans, 
make savings deposits and deal with any 
other problems that the group may be 
having. 

FlNCA loans money to a villale bank 
for three years. Included in the repayment 
schedule for each loan is a savinls plan, 

-which allows borrowers to save money 
while they are repaying their loans. A 
member's loan increases according to 
savings levels. The more she saves, the 
more she can borrow, until she reaches the 
loan limit of 300 dollars. 

Banking at a village bank is not as 
smooth an eJl.perience as banking at an 
Automated Teller Machine. The ANCA 
staff had to teach the members how to add 
and subtract the columns in their banking 
records. "You can't expect people who 
live in economic crisis or family turmoil 
to have carefully organized village bank 
meetings," Decker says. 

Often these weekly meetinp tum into 
mini women'llUppOI1 JIOUPI.II is. 
means for women who lack the financial 
raources to panici.,. in any OIlIer social 
activities to gel topIher. It also provides 
them willi _ IICIIIC of beloaaial in their 

neighborhood. 
Decker says that "for many of these 

women to act on their own outside the 
home for the first time is an accomplish-
ment in itself." 

The fact that the women are sharing 
the responsibility for their family's 
income and finances is also an empower-
ing factor in their lives. This has always 
been a problem for the women in the 
banks. especially in the male-dominated 
culture of MeJl.ico. 

Promoter Andrade says, "II is 
extremely common for the husbands to 
object at first to their wives being in-
volved. They often believe that it is going 
to bring financial and social problems to 
the family." 

"Once the women are succeeding, the 
men become supponive of the prograril. 
TIle men also realize that when their 
wives begin their own businesses in their 
homes. it means that they won't be 
working outside the home," she adds. 

The true sign of the husbands' 
suppon of the program is when they come 
to t!'le bank to set up a savinls account. 
Although the men are not allowed to take 
loans, they are able to bring their Slvinp 
to be combined with the village bank's 
holdings to be saved at _ commercial 
bank. 

Often, this is the only way for the 
men or women from _ viUaae to put 
money in the bank. Commercii! bInks 
requite that • depositor ha an alablilhed 
address, a phone munber and, !DOlt 
impodIullly •• hip minimum ~ 

Most village bank families have 
none of these. 

ANCA banks do not go 
without their share of prob-
lems. Decker claims that it is 
harder to keep the banks 
running in Tijuana than 
anywhere else due to its unique 
dynamics. 

Being a border city, Tijuan: 
has many migrants and unestabl 
transitory communities. 

The FlNCA methodology is designed 
for communities where ties are strong. 
This is because the village bank. not the 
individuals, are loaned the money. So if 
one particular member does not make her 

- payments. the other members must make 
them up for her. 

"In a strong community, your 
neighbor is more likely to help out with 
your unpaid loan, but in Tijuana where 
many people are moving often. loyalties 
are weaker." Decker says. 

Since people may not stay in one 
panicular community for very long, they 
are not interested in becoming village 
bank members. Decker observes that. "the 
women in the banks in Tijuana are like 
magnets. They must come together by 
necessity of finances, but are at the same 
time repelled by the nature of their 
individual conditions." 

Tijuana has a growing maquiladora 
population which for some women 
appears to be a more attractive opportu"-
nity' than what the village bank offers. 
Because working in a maquiladora is not 
an option for people in most other Latin 
American countries. this is a problem 
unique to Tijuana and Mexicali, cities that 
borderthe U.S. 

Consuelo Garza is coordinator for 
FlNCA in Tijuana. She is one of the 
people who acts to resolve problems that 
the banks in Tijuana may encounter. 
Having a masters degree in Clinical 
Psychology from the Universidad 
Autonoma in MeJl.ico City and having 
wortced as personnel director for the 
Social Security department in Mexico 
City for II years, she is able to trouble-
shoot and resolve the different problems 
the banks may encounter. 

She claims thaI each of lhe seven 
banks in Tijuana has very different 
dynamics. The new ones are especially 
fragile. 

Garza left her government job and 
began working with FlNCA because, "My 
family and I have always been involved in 
community assistance. I've always 
enjoyed it and knew that it was what I 
wanted to do." 

Like promoters Andrade and 
Vel8S4:luez. Garza was attracted to the 
village bank program by the fact that this 
was an organization where she could work 
with other women on their common 
needs. "It was important to me that I could 
help women to help themselves." 

As for the future of village banks in 
northern MCJl.ico, Decker says he would 
like to get more banks going. And he'd 
like to see an entirely Mexican staff 
makin8 the decisions. "Right now, I'm the 
only norteatMr;cano IJI1OI'II the twelve 
employees of F1NCAJNonhem Mexico. 
Eventually I'd like to wOttt mylelf out of 
-job." 

SPBCfACLE S5 

" The women ... must come together 
by necessity of finances, but are at 

the same time repelled by the nature 
·of their individual conditions. 

Phil Decker, FlNCA regional director 

" 

A Global 
Vi'llage 
Banking 
Movement 

FINCA was founded by Dr. John Hatch. an economist. in 1984. He 
was a Peace Corps volunteer with many years of development experi-
ence, and created a village banking methodology that works toward 
helping alleviate poverty in the Third World. With its headquarters 
now in Alexandria. Virginia. in order to be closer to other development 
organizations and funding sources, FINCA coordinates village banking 

For more IIllormatlon about 

FINCA I'mllC Philip Deckrr ilt 

371:' r,t!lrl SI . II 217 

Chula Vistd. CA c)1911 

programs in twelve countries. including 
Seneglll !1nd Thailand, as well as Latin 
American countries. 

In addition to running their own pro-
grams. HNCA has trained over thirty other 
non-governmental organizations to create 
their own progrolms that apply FlNCA's 
methodology. "FlNCA can ' t provide this 
service to the poor by ourselves. We see 
ourselves as a catalyst for creating a global 

village banking movement." Phil Decker notes. 
FINCA's program in MeJl.ico was born in 1988, in a small town 

called Sasabe. just south of the Arizona border. about two hours from 
Tucson. Since then, the program has grown to over 40 banks in 
northern MeJl.ico serving 700 panicipants and their families . 

Primarily an urban program, FINCA works in Tijuana, MeJl.icali. 
Hermosillo, Guaymas, Obregion and Cabo rca. Except for Costa Rica 
and EI Salvador, Mexico now has more village banks operating under 
the FlNCA system than any other country. 

Village banks currently have over 65.000 dollars in outstanding 
loans, which have generated over 30,000 dollars in savings in northern 
MeJl.ico. 

Including other non-governmental organizations that have been 
trained by FlNCA in Mexico, there are over 120 village banks that are 
currently applying ANCA's methodology. 

Decker. \Vho is currently teaching grassroots communications in the 
Communication Department at UCSD, started with FINCA about two 
and a half years ago. He had been doing graduate work in Tijuana for 
his Masters degree in Latin American Studies from Stanford. 

He was asked to anend a meeting in Tucson as a consultant for 
grassroots communication development in Central Kmerica. FINCA 
was one of the organizations there, and Decker became interested in 
their programs. After attending an orientation session. Decker began 
establishing the village banks in Tijuana. 

Shortly thereafter he received a call from John Hatch, founder and 
President of FlNCA, asking him if he would become a regional 
director. At the time, Decker was more interested in grolSsroots 
communication. He recalls saying, "I can't be a regional director, I'm 
just a photographer." 

Hatch replied, "'That's eJl.actly why you should do it." 
c.oe,n WIoQnIId 



56 Sl'BCTACLB The UCSD GUU'dIIa Moadq, Sqrte ubcr 30, 1991 

~ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

•• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
., 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

.SJ\TlRN .. ACITVITIES AND EVENTS 
DEPARTMENT OF SWOENT ORGANIZAnONS 

o N 

Sun 

UCSDhOII8 
.. Ct't,,,, .. tlo.. of 

Abllltl,," 

Dls=m 
AWABCNMS 

JIIIZa 
October 7-11 

RLCOHOl 
AWARENESS 

WEEK 

Oct.13-18 

CAMPUS 

MOD 

Free 
12noon-2pm 

MCA 

l1THI 

o 

o 
o 

llWrJ'CIDffi'Il' &fro' 
Ri@'I1'ilCCrEg 

I 
Student OrganlzatJon Le.d4nlllIp 

~~~ 

QR~~K 
LEADERSHIP 
COI'tF~R~"CE 

EXCEL 
·91 

9am-Spm 
PC 

begin October 

Tue 

~ 
JAZZ 

a-1IeII 
laClOllC*t 

DSU 
Fne 12nocm-lpm 

Gyms.p. 
PIIIII: Ati .. 
Ca1-.ut.ap 
Fne7:JOpm 

Sl.HllN 

IIQ 
"Ft.,. Tail Nip'" 
T .. JCwII £,-1_ 

Fne7pm-tpm 
Int'l CII'. 

rum: 
Bubblegum 

Crisis 8: 
SCOOp Chase 
Cal-Animage 
Free 7:30pm 

SLH1CM 

rum: 
Ch"r', 

Counterattack 
Cal-Animage 
Free 7:30pm 

SLH1CM 

~ film: 
IJ Vampire 
PrinaJ. MiYJI 1 
Cal-Anlmage 
Free 7:30pm 

SLHIOI 

AND LEADERSHIP PRoGRAMS 
OCTOBER 

Wed Thu Fri 
r;f;Z:;;;n. 1;::;;1;-

Sat 

"'.USOrodCr 
""9 IfIIJb' IFClP.,.".II .. ic 

Flft7pm-l1pm 
PCB.PCT 

ElCHmlT 
.... 1 .. EqaHlri8n 

ThenII)' ,- the 
HandlQpp.d' 

DSU 
11am-u.-
•• nll. Fi.ld 

IfZIf.-t1 
oa.-m .... 

.,."., 

"..,..,.", 
Fnelplll 
HSS22!O 

Alcohol 
A"arell ... 
W •• k J'alr 

AIaIMI. So'"'-
.u...c 

-FneUam-2pm PCP 

JLlDJ:RSHIP 
UJflNAR 
SERID 

"8_ To RIal All 
£lIdH Mati"," 

?pD 
PCCaIIery. 

"TI., 
M ..... ,,, .. , .. t" 

'1pm 
PC GallayB 

FUTINFO 
BOOTHSIIFC 
Free IeIIl-5pal 
PC Walkwliy 

lOll-Ion 0 

li/IJ:£1 
....... ,... 

T .. K.". q.u ... 
....... lap. 

PC Callery" •• 

Coacat: 
T.",PlruOru 

DSU 
Free 

12ncJon.lpm 
Muir Quad 

ftD""u" Mgw«na' 
SI,.. Alp" MIl 
Free 1:15pm . 
USB 2622 

AUAn .. Or61 
D_,," 

AdmiNlan ..... 
9pIn 

Revell. 
Cafeleri. 

hll,,,Uul 
2.Jl.1b 
Gn .. 

SIH .... o..p.. 
Ldnhp ........ 
Fne lQam.3pa1 
SlINCQOLAWN 

.... b ..... 
hl .. MII 
1IIh .... 

DSU 
Fft. 

l:lOo2:JOpm 
qm 

* DJ DANCE 
PAR7T 
Alcohol. 

Sab.Aance Aba8t 
Commi ... 

Free8pm-Mldnt 

* PCP 

{;/II:/,1 
.. re-

am 
Si,..PW~ 

Freen ...... 
W...,.. .... Fitld 

or.,. 

J)IIlGl'lCIIhIIkHI 
Caaccrt 

rree 3paa-lam 
c:IIc ear. 

omcer 
lDaa&untlOD 

VSA 
Free7pm 
Int') elr. 

.. °FIVE COLLEGES-ONE COMMUNITY" 
ALL CAMPUS LEADERSHIP CO,.,FERENCE 
FEI ',1991 

,tio. Key 
Ice Center 

.o)/Ballroom 
PCT /Theater 
PCC/Co".. 
PCP/Plaza 

SUI/SoU. HaD 
MCA/~ 

I' 

Monda" September 30, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECfACLB S7 

What has Mexico done for ME? ·The fajita pita, Okay, so Ihis isn't purely Mexican, it took 
good old American know-how 
(as well as those wizards at 

misguided and Iry to take away 
our American jobs, right in our 
own cities! Good thing those 
patriots in Washinglon kccp 
pitching the Nationalldenlity BrIlNtt....,... 

Okay, .u you selfish little 
grinp. No doubt you 'R: all 
pissed off because you get 
stopped at the immigra-
tion checkpoint every 
time you drive to LA. 
What you may not 
realize is that the U.s. 
gets a whole lotta really . 
Mal stuJffrom our underde-
veloped neighbor to the south. 
We give Ibem stuff, too. 

Wlult tJu, plfro. IU: 
-Free but rides back to 

Mexico. Whenever a poor, 
misguided little brown brolher 
comes heR: without first asking 
pennission, he is couneously put 
on the right track by his friend 
with the U.S. Immigration 
Department. His personal 
service advisor even arranges 
for free transponation back to 
his home and family. 

-The Colorado River. Yep, 
that's one of ours. Comes 
straight out of the Rockies, 
through the Grand Canyon, is 
generously filtered through 
much of the UCSD landscaping, 
and conli(lucs on into - you gOl 
it - Mexico. This one is a 
fRicbie - the Mexicans can do 
whatever they want wilh our 
water, no slrings attached. 

-PoIlutioa. Okay, so we 
don'l really give them pollution, 
except for maybe some toxic 

wate now and then. But 
we do live lhem 

somethinl better -
the means to 

-Somethinl for all those 
traIIk reporten to say. If it 
weren't for those darned border 
crossings, all of lhose guys 
floating around up theR: would · 
have nothing to say. Oh sure. 
lhey co~ld talk aboull-5 and 52, 
but the real aclion comes from 
Otay Mesa and San Ysidro. 

Jack in the Box) 10 put a 
Hispanic fajita into a 
Mediterranean pita. 
But we gotla 

Card. This enables the US 
Government to give every 

American citizen whal 
they rightfully deserve 
- a file in a com-
puter in an office in 

til •• : 

make their . 
OW" 
pollution! I 
know this 

seems like a 
101, but hey, 

that's just the kind 
of counIJy we 1Ri. 
WMt w pI fro". 

·Taquitos. Small, bite-sized 
tacos you can hold in your hand. 
Only at Taco Bell. Need I say 
more? 

-Rosanla (the town). 

give credit to 
the Mexi-
cans for 
getting /0 
pe/ora rolling. 

·Something 

Washington. 
So the next time 

you're in Mexico, 
remember to be respectful. 

KIIr AoIIClwdM -Rosarila (the beans). 

for those right-wing 
ideologues to lobby 
Congress about. Some-
times our Mexican 
brethren get a little 

Think of it as your own 
backyard, but even beller, 
bOCause y'0u don't have to throw 
away any of your garbage. 

GIA'S 
UCSDNIGHTS 

are DOW also on 
MONDAYS 

Party on our patiO (with Monday Night FootbalV 

PITCHERS 
$300 $400 Domestic Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$500 12-lnch $700 14-iDch 

USAF HEALTIJ PROFESSIONS 
COllECT 

(619) 292-8862 
_ ..... UCSD III 

GJA'S ItaIIaa RestUlUlt 792·7521 145 So. Hwy 101 
SOLANA BEACH 

L.JI ___ SD 
BOOK~; T OFH 

Financing rour Education 
Can Be A Balancing Act •. 
Talk To Us 
AhoutA 
Student 
loon! 
• Fast • Local 
We dare other lenders [0 beat us! 
If you need special help, we aren't a 
vague voice in ew York or Sacramenk). 
We're here and we help. Visit our nearby branches 
in Sorrento Mesa at 5785 Oberlin Drive, uite 109, 
and in Pacific Beach at 4440 Ingraham treet. 

Free CmIit Union Membership! 
We'U waive your membership fee and you'U enjoy 
outstanding fmancial selVices from any 
of 22 countywide branch locations. r~ •• 

CalJ us for more info about Sta1Jord, SLS, or PUIS at 

546-2063 . 
or ask your Financial Aid Department 

" 

In the Flesh 
Wednesday, October 2 
UCSD Bookstore Foyer 
Noon until 1 P.M. 

534-READ 
"The Student Loan Store" 

MrNIJn FcdtnI " • ~'91 mink .. l .... -dtI un,o" .. hKh I .... , """,,-<I tt..: l'\J\JuuoruJ n ... nunity ({!>.In 1JK1\O COUtUy rot 
"""" dIiIft • ~ l""""'Y. R.all'" _ . wndklono>, ."" """' ...... ",I*,' .. , lila""" AU 1(, .. " "" ... ~, (" r",,1it afllltO"'ll. 



58 SPBCTACLB The UCSD GuardiaD 

DN SDAY 
NIGHTS 

$ 00 BOTTLES 811 O;OLLING 
.-.,s.-:~ ROCK 

AT 

NITE CLUB & PUB 
4302 MISSION BLVD. PACIFIC BEACH 

NO COYER 
LJL -_= sr:-_~ 
II<)C>K~J' <>111 

chool 

Moaday, Sq4,.- 30, 1991 

Cash 
paid for your 
Books 

A ." p ........ U U ~ 

Fall 1991 
Opening Buyback . 

,. 

Bring your used 
textbooks· to the 
tent In front of the 
UCSD Bookstore 

and receive cashl 

October 2 - 4 
Wednesday - Friday 

9am-4pm 
A ." p ........ 

U W ---
·Current edition 

books only 

Textbook De artment 
534-4557 

peclall 
. 

'. f 
iC- -~ -' -~ ...;:-~ 
I \. 

I _ 
. ' 

Caribou Jansport Outdoor Trager Yak Paks 
Many more styles to choose from. 
r----------------~--------~-----------------------~, 
_! $5.00 OFF $5.00 OFF $5.00 O~F ! 
! ALL BACKPACKS_AND SOFT BRIEFCASES ! 
I UCSD BOOKSTORE I I GIFTS AND CLOTHING a:M - 7108 I I OPEN: lION· FRI UII· ... AND BAT 1GA11· 4 PM I 
L Coupon Expires October 1 S, 1991. Coupon must be ~ed at dme of pun:hue. Coupon not valid with any other discount. --------------------------------------------------~ 


