
.FEATURES 
Everyone knows that 

UCSO's coursework does 
not focus on learning 
practical skills. Does lhis 
make paduaIcs less market-
able? Alumni 8ltest that a 
theorebcal education is 
actually ideal pRp8I1dion for 
the "real world"IPAGE 7 

.SCIENCE 
Betweea the .... UablS 

CIt abe -vic:es aDd Vinueslt 
and abe buIde and busde of 

IbePrice~,a of ~ 
pro illdllUdliiIIIF 
quiedJ wadt., __ dill 
our coq .... 11IIeIDOIY II 
1eCUN-1Dd ..... 
JM*ibIeIPAGE , 

+tIATUS 
1boIe wbo c1aim Sao 

Dieao _~"""Hfe 
baven', expIoNd II die 
8CCeSIible venues. We dig 
deep IDd uncover abe belt 
(and SOnKGII_the wont) 
of the tbrivIna niIhdife San 
Dieao o&nIPAGE HI 

.SPORTS 

INDEX ... 
.. 

...... 

V.P. External Simak Malek shows his support for lower fees 

UCSD,SDSUStudentsJoin 
To Rally for Reduced Fees 
By Stephanie Simon 
Staff Writer 

Protesting educational budget cuts and the propo ed 40 percent 
u.e. fee increase, the A.S. and the Coalilion to Save Education 
(CSE) held a teach-in rally ye terday at the gym steps. 

The rally, similar to one held in the Price Center two weeks ago, 
featured speakers from the CSE, representatives of the A.S. Office 
of External Affairs, faculty and staff members, and San Diego State 
University students. 

In addition to speakers, the rally featured a telephone hook-up 
broadcast over loudspeakers, with SDSU students rallying against 
fee increases in Sacramento. TIle CSE also sponsored an infonnation 

-table, featuring letter-writing campaigns and a petition drive. 
Celeste Drake, a San Diego State student and representative of the 

group "Student Action for Education," said that the proposed fee 
increases violate State Senate Bill 1645, a bill signed last year by 
fonner Governor George Deukmejian that limits student fee in-
creases in the UC and California State University systems to 10 
percent per year. 

"The state can't increase fees of university students more than 10 
percent per year - yet SDSU is facing a 20 percent increase and 
UCSD a40 percent [increase]," Drake said. "I feel that the proposed 
budget cuts are outrageous. At SDSU, we 10 t 550 classes and 766 

See RAll Y, Page 3 

Medical School May 
Face Name Change 
• Official says Times article was 
'unfortunate' and could cause problems 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Medical School may 
be renamed on the basis of a mon-
etary donation, according to medi-
cal chool official . 

Medical school administrators 
are currently con idering renaming 
the chool after a donor in order to 
rai e funds as traditional tate and 
federal sources are cut due to state 
and federal budget woe . 

"New [ tate and federal) build-
ing and grants are dependent on 
enrollment increases," medical 
chool Dean Gerard Burrow said. 

Because medical school enroll-
ment remains fairly teady, "Any 
funds are going to have to come 
fromout ide the university system," 
Burrow aid. 

An article in the May 25 edition 
of the Los Angeles Times named 
Utah multimillionaire James 
Sorenson as a pos ible donor after 
which the school may be renamed. 
According to the Times article, 
Sorenson donated $15 million to the 
University of Utah Medical School 
as a "naming gift" in 1989. 

However, oppo ition to the re-
naming of the Utah school on the 
sole basis of a monetary donation 
led administrators to return 
Sorenson's money without renam-
ing the school. 

Burrow would not reveal whether 
or not Sorenson in particular is un-
der consideration. "What I can say 
is that nobody has made a propo i-
tion to us, nor have we made a 
proposition to anybody [for dona-
tions)," he said. 

However, Burrow did acknowl-

edge that ··Obviously. the number 
of people able to donate, if they're 
willing to do it. is fairly small," 
hinting that Sorenson '. name may 
have been mentioned. 

According to Burrow. pos ible 
fundraising method are "com-
pletely at the planning tage" now. 
as department chairs and professors 
are being notified and con ulted 
about the pos ibility. 

Burrow called the publication of 
the Times article "unfortunate," since 
it came out before plans had been 
fully discussed wi th the medical 
chool faculty. 

He told the Times that early pub-
licity might interfere with faculty 
discussion , leading some profe -
sors to believe a deal has already 
been made. 

Burrow aid that because state 
and federal fund to the medical 
school are not increasing as new 
buildings are con tructed and pro-
grams added, "The med school has 
areal need for ongoing fundraising." 

He said the school already has "a 
very active program forgetting funds 
for buildings." 

For example, in 1989 adminis-
tratorsdecided to name a new acute-
care hospital after$5 mi II ion donors 
John and Sally Thornton. Many on-
campus buildings and program~ are 
already named after donors. 

Burrow said, "One. of the things 
we have considered i ,if the proper 
offer came, would we rename the 
med school?" 

Though the issue is currently 
undecided, burrow said that "there 
is a precedent for [renaming] 
throughout the UC system." 

President Rejects Pay Raise for This Year's A.S. Council 
• Attempts to override veto or rewrite 
measure could take place next week 
By Sheryl WolcoH 
Staff Writer 

Following the Associated Stu-
dents Council's approval of in-
creases in weekly stipends for AS. 
officials, A.S. President Agustin 
Orozco vetoed the raises because 
they would increase the saJarie of 
councilmembers currently in office. 

Orozco said that he decided not 
to sign the measure ju t after last 
Wednesday night's A.S. meeting, 
in which the couQcil voted in favor 
of the increases. 

". am opposed because. do not 
feel that it is correct for any member 
of this council to vote another mem-
ber a raise," he said. "I have spoken 
to many individuals out of council 
who do not understand the argu-
ment about the po itions, not the 
individuals needing the money." 

"If anyone on council expected 
to get a good high-paying job, then 
it may be time to reconsider your 
commitment," Orozco said in a 

memo addressed to the council. 
Orozco said that by allowing the 

council to approve its own raises, 
his goal of making the AS. more 
accessible to students would be hin-
dered. 

MoniqueBugarin,commissioner 
of Academic Affairs, agreed with 
Orozco's decision. 

"I'm in strong favor of the veto 
-I'm against having the pay raises 
affect us," she said. "We accepted 
these positions as i ." 

A proposal, which presents a plan 
for stipend increase to be enacted 
with the 1992-93 council, will be 
brought in front of the council next 
week. The council will also vote 
next week on a propo alto override 
Orozco's veto. 

Poncho Guev~ Warren Col-
lege sophomore senator and co-au-
thor of the override propo al ex-
plained, "the discussion in thecoun-
cil didn' t center on whether we 
needed [the raises] or not ... every-

A. S. President Agustin Orozco suggests that members expecting 
a well-paying job may want to reconsider commitment. 
one agreed that it needed to be done. " 

Guevara noted that the council 
objected on the ethical grounds of 
assigning raises to themselves, ay-
ing, "The counterpoint has to be, 
what i more ethical? To give raises 
now, or to be afraid of political 
backlash?" 

In other AS. bu ines ,the coun-
cil approved a resolution last night 
urging that the University of Cali-

fornia not discriminate on the basis 
of sexual orientation in detennining 
eligibility for family tudent hous-
ing and spou al benefit . 

An additional resolution was 
passed, advocating the pas age of 
State As embly Bill 101, which 
seeks to include exual orientation 
into the tate's non-di crimination 
policies in employment and hous-
ing. 



2 NEWS 

, NEWS IN BRIEF 
San Diego Alliance for Peace to 
Show Video on Navajo Relocation 

"From Four Directions," a Native American docu-
mentary depicting the relocation of IO,CXX> Navajo (Dineh) 
Indians from their ancestral lands at Big Mountain Ari-
zona, is scheduled for presentation this Friday at 7 p.m. 

This video production chronicles the Veterans Peace 
Action Team's efforts to mount a material aid campaign 
to support the traditional people's resistance to a U.S. 
government-sponsored relocation. Veterans Peace Ac-
tion Teams organizer Pam Escarcega, the producer of the 
video, will be a special guest speaker for this event. 

This isa free showing will be held in Solis Lecture Hall, 
Third College campus. 

The Veterans Peace Action Team is a national organi-
zation of veterans sponsoring nation-wide convoys of 
material aid to support the native people at Big Mountain 
Arizona. People are encourdged to bring non-perishable 
food donations for delivery to Navajo families at Big 
Mountain. 

For details and directions call the San Diego Alliance 
for Survival at 227 - 0991 . 
Koala VIdeo Show Presents Sequel 
To VIdeo Issue, No Class, on friday 

Based on the cliche, "If at first you don't succeed, 
change the fonnat," the Koala is presenting its second 
annual video issue, "No Class U" on Friday, May 31 in 
Warren Lecture Hall 2001. The videowiU be presented in 
two showings, one at 9 p.m. and the other at 12 p.m. Each 
show will cost $2, to be paid at the door. 

"No Class," the original tbat debuted last year, was 
billed as a "slide show" with video segmenlS spliced in 
with the slide segments. This year, the Koala decided to 
try their hands at another show, but this time without the 
slides. Instead, they have produced a I 1/2-hour video 
show that looics at college life through theKoaJa's"twisted" 
sense of humor. 

In their attempt to find new material,the Koala sought 

The UCSD Guardian 

to give exposure to VA studenlSandtheirprojectsby including 
them in the show. The resulting video presenwion is "drip-
ping with the fly-by-night, gritty, mistake-riddled style" for 
which the Koala is famous. The show is a coUection of video 
vignettes interspersed with the story of the Koa/ostaff's search 
to create its own beer. 

FROM OTHER CAMPUS[S 
Four UC Davis Students Arrested In 
Protest Staged at Campus ROTC 

DAVIS - Four UC Davis student were arRSted earlier 
this month for blocking the doorway to the campus ROTC 
offices during a non-violent protest of the ROTC program. 

Approximately IS anti-ROTC activiSlS J1laR:bed through 
the hallways of the Military Science DepartmeDl, protesting 
against ROTC-sanctioned militarism and the policy that de-
nies the participation of bomosexuals. 

Demonstrarors were told by UCD police officers that they 
would be pennittecl to walk through the ROTC offices, 
provided that they did not disruptclasses by chanting. singing, 
or blocking doorways. 

The demonstrators were in the offices for less than two 
minutes, but four demonstrators sat down on the stepS and 
blocked the main entrance to the building. 

UCD graduate student Scott Suneson is said to have 
declared that the entrance to the building was closed. He then 
linked arms with graduate student Peter Philips, and under-
graduate studenlS Michael Nelson and Innosanto Nagara 10 
prevent two cadets from entering the building. 

At that point, two other cadets, dressed in anny fatigues, 
triedtoforcetheirwaypastthedemonstratorsina~lO-face 
confrontation as the protestors mocked them. urn Police 
arrested the protestors for trespassing, a misdemeanoroffense 
that carries a maximum penalty of six months in jailor $500. 
Phony Letter From ''Sta1ford Special 
Investigator" Alleged to be UCB Prank 

BERKELEY -In what may be the latest round in a long 
histroy of pranks between UC Berkeley and Stanford Univer-
sity,lelters containing veiled references to UC Berkeley were 

• The temperatures 
for Friday, Saturday, 
and Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

• Weather outlook: 
FRIDAY THROUGH SUNDAY 
Night and morning low clouds 
wilh sunny afternoons. 
Beach areas wil l be partly 
cloudy in the afternoon. 

Period 
(Seconds) 
11 

Swell 
Direction 

NW 

Jrhunday,Aiay30,1991 

sent to Stanford students and faculty waiiUng that they or 
their dep,anma1Is were under investigation. 

By the beginning of May ,some 30 students and atlcast 
four professors at Stanford reponed receiving the phony 
leners, printed on official-looking Stanford letterhead, 
unsettling nerves already frayed by media attention over 
the school's accounting practices and an instructor who 
bragged about drug use to the federal government 

The letters to faculty members, dated May 2 and signed 
by "Special Investigative Officer Myron Kesselbaum," 
warned that a university "special task force" had linked 
their departments 10 "potentially serious wroogdoing." . 

Supposedly mailed from the task force '5 offices at 1868 
Hibernia Way, an address that does not exist at Stanford, 
the letter goes on to state that the university has retained the 
legal services of Chang, Lin, McKusak & Tien. 

Stanford officials said they believed the hoax was 
perpetrated by a UC Berlceley student because of the 
referencestothecampus'OIancellorOwtg-LinTienand 
"Hibernia Way," an allusion to the Cal mascot. 

In addition, the initials "ucb:' referring to the typist, 
appear at the bottom of the letter. 

Anotherversionoftheletter,scnttostudents,identified 
Myron Kesselbaum as a Student Conduct Officer. The 
letter informed studenlS that they must appear before the 
Judicial Board fora hcaring and wamedthem tbat"nofonn 
of anti-social and/or illegal behavior will be tolerated." 
UCSB Student Sues University for 
Injury In Chemistry Lab Accident 

SANI' A BARBARA - A UCSB chemistry major 
who was injured last year while allegedly doing IJIWItho. 
rized experimeDlS with hazardous materials is now suing 
the university for his medical expenses. 

Junior ~ Schrier is seeking an WlSpecified amount 
ofmoney tocovermedical expenses incurred afteran April 
1990 experiment in the chemisti)' lab went awry. 

Schrier was wortcing one night with a graduate studenr. 
attempting to create synthetic diamonds using the volatile 
chemical lead azide. The test lUbe Schrier was holding 
exploded, embedding glass shards into his left hand, 
according to Chemistry Depanment Chair Bernard 
Kinman. 

Kirtman says the two were worldng without authoriza-
tion, although Schrier said he "was simply helping the 
graduate student with his research project." 

Schriersuffeled severe chemical burns to his hands and 
face. He has undergone surgery to remove the glass lodged . 
in his hand, but further medical attention could berequired. 

GtiAknIAN 
PHIl. GRUEN, EdIIor In ChkII 
ROBIN MACLEAN, ~ EdItor 
LES BRUVOLD, 04aoa.te Spott. EdItor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, o4aocJBte FeeIInS Editor 
JAMES COWER, DIsIgn EtlItM 
BIll DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMLTON, ~ fWIM EdItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ~ Nttws EdItor 
LARA HEISlER, Aaoclefe Arts EdIIDr 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, AsIocUte Spotflr Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AI'fso&ItwWnment Editor 
PETER KO, Spotts EdItor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, PhotIO Editor 
KENT KORZON, Aaodnt Copy EdItof 
MEL MARCELO, 4aod8III Gt8phIcII EdItor 

~~A MEHTA, Aaoclate FNtutes Editor 
BklAN MORRIS, AaocIete Photo Edilor 
JEFF QUAN, Gnipha Editor 
JASON SNElL, News EdIIor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCH~ ,..,.... Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, ArtsIEmertlIInment Editor 

BOB DeANOREA, Bus/ness Mllnager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advert/sing ManllgfH' 
MtKE MARTINEZ, Advflrt/slng Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIlIsslfled Reprcs.ntlltlve 
AMrIiIInG .......... ;TIm Sctn. Doug 
AMrMIg ~ L_Ileb1gie.1laneI CaM. PaJo Vak!:lIil 
~; o.ioICiM.Joe L ... MrcIli1 

Thursday, May 30,1991 

Phi Beta Kappa Selects 91 
Students for Membership 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

There i a pay-off for all the academic weat students 
pour out in the name of a grade-poi nt-average (GPA): 
the Phi Beta Kappa (PBK) gold key. 

This year, 91 gmduating seniors have been honored 
with elections to the prestigious honorary society that 
boast members such as Pre idem George Bush, Jane 
Addams, and Samuel Longhome Clemens as members. 

According to UCSD's PBK Secretary and Fifth 
College Provost James Lyon, each spring the campus 
chapter of PBK elects students on the basi of high 
academic achievement and breadth of academic back-
ground. Lyon aid that PBK's broad background re-
quirements promote "humane learning." 

"Its notjustGP A. Theminimumcutoffis a3.65GPA 
or above ... but of the people above that GPA only one-
quarterorone-thirdareadmitted,"he aid. He added that 
the avemge GPA of PBK initiates for 1991 is 3.77. 

One problem the UCSD chapter has come across in 
recent years, however, is low numbers of students 
inducted into PBK as compared to other campuses. 

"Nationwide,the rule is that no more than 10 percent 
(of graduating seniors] can be admitted .... About 3.7 
percent of students graduating each year at UCSD [are 
inducted]:' Lyon said. He explained that this was due to 
UCSD'shighstandard , which appear in all facet of the 
university's academics. 

Qualification for PBK include at lea t six courses in 
the humanities, at least one year of foreign language 
course . and one year of college-level math or science. 

According to Lyon. science and math courses at 
UCSD so often go together that the chapter usually only 
looks for one. He added that calculus is used as the base 
for the college-level math requirement. 

Exposure to social sciences and the numberofclasse 
taken for a leiter grade and the number of classes taken 
for the pass/not pass grade are both requirements for 
PBK eligibility, according to Lyon. 

"We look for leiter grades in most courses," Lyon 
said, who added that they really look for someone who 
"stands out and has really been an achiever," he added. 

Because of the nature of Revelle College and Fifth 
College General EduCational Requirements, Lyon said 
that students from these colleges almost automatically 
qualify for PBK honors. Both colleges have broad 
educational requirements, according to Lyon, but some 
Fifth College studenlS must go out of their way to meet 
the math and science requiremenlS. 

"Revelle tends to have a few more [initiates] than 
other colleges," Lyon said, "but they do not dominate." 

Students selected for membership will be contacted 
by mail. and initiation will take place in early June. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Compiled by Kent Korzon, Senior Stam Writer 
W~,Mlly22; 
12:15 am: A non-aIfiiaIe reponed being ba1lered by a sb.Jdent at 

Okl Mirarrer Fit. 
9:45 am.: A sIWeIi reported the butglaJy 01 speakers from a 

IodIed veticIe at !he Mesa ApaI1menls. Loss: S5OO. 
11:15 am: A Sludent reported receMng ob;cene pnone calls aI the 

Matthews Apartments. 

ThInday, MIy 23: 
lOX am: A male stall rnerrtler irfJred tis badI after IaIng from a 

chair at fW)'s Hal at ~ 1rQ~ olOceanoga-
I*1Y and was tran;poI1ed to ~ Memorial HosP1aI by 
parlII1'IBdK:.s 

5:45 p.m.: A sIaH rnerrber repor1ed tte theft of a t 988 Chevrolet 
, Beretta from Lot 355. Loss: $5,(0). 

8.$ p.m.: A Mesa resident repor1ed vardaIsm Ml a IlEtU. Loss: 
$300. 

9:45p.m.: Uri1s and ponrm<ics ro5!X'rded to the Main Gym to 
3SSISl sorMOfl! \\flo had bst consdousness. The StiJjec1 
was IlNln to ~ MerroriaI HosjjIaI. 

FridIIy, MIy 24: 
12.05a.m: A 1989 M1:stbsti van ooIdedwith a 1987 Honda 

Accord. 
8.'23 am.: A SIaff rnerrber repoI1ed receiving an obscene ~ne 

cal at Gabiith Hal. 
11:40 a.m: A sIWeIi reported receMng an obscene phone cal at 

Draft.e Hal. 
2:10 p.m: A sIWeIi repomd the theft of a 1985 Toyota &¥a from 

lot 104. Loss: $17.000. 
6:11 p.m: A sIaH rnerrber rep!)I1ed!he tuglaJy to a vehicle at the 

Okl Seaweed Cat?;on en1rance. 
SeUday, May 25: 
5:40 am.: An officer reported coniscaIirg a false 1.0, 
9 e.n:.: A staff rnen1ler repelled the theft of a purse from BS8. 

Loss: $31. 
11:50am: A45-year-okl1aa.«y rnenterand an 18-year-okl non-

aIfiiale were arrested at Urey Hall lor lewd oorduct in a 
JXilic pW:e. Both were ci1ed and reIe~ 

SInIay, May 26: 
4:15am.: FooriJvenilas were deIained Iorrurgialy to a veticie in 

lol208 at 3:40 a.m. f.J were released to parents. 
9.05 am.: SOPD repo!1Bd recoverirg tte Toyota s10Ien 5124. 
1:48 p.m.: A SILdert reported the fleIt 0/ a bityde from rtOga Hal. 

Loss: $150. 
1IDndIy,IIIy 27: 
12::KJ p.m.: A. sUIerC r8jXlIIed r8a!Mng lI1I1O'fing phone caIs at 

hlnw~ 
11:49 p.m.: A. SlIden r8jXlIIed ~ to a M1dow at r IO!JiI Hal. 

~$150. 

n.dIy,lIIy 28: 
8:18 am.: A 111811IIIIItIer IIIpCflld hi Iheft of 00fl1lUIBr ~ 

Inlm Mayer Halloa8: $6,950. 
II a.m.: A 211\*-okIaWInl_ -*ltor~ 

waII'8I1L!I8I fie PcIce SIaIon. The Uljed was ciIad ard 
released. 

7:35pm: A I'IOIHlIiIE rwporIed tte 1heft of a 19891suzu T roopei'. 
Loss: $13,000. 

9X p.m: A sLdar1 raporIed the thai! 01 a bityde from Redwood 
Or. Loss:SSO. 

RALLY 
Continued from page 1 
teachers. 

"The complete focus of the cuts 
is wrong. 11 shouldn't be focused 
toward the education system at all. 
We should be looking for other 
sources of revenue," she explained. 

"Equity is not a feature of any of 
the govemor's proposals .... The 
sales tax is the most regressive taxa-
tion. Everyone is assessed the same 
amount for the necessities of life -
food - regardless of their ability to 
pay. 

hurt as well as the UC and CSU. 
"In elementarY schools, budget 

culS mean no librarians, no libraries, 
no art teachers, no school nurses, no 
music teachers," Davis explained. 

"lust today, Govemor Wilson is 
saying that they beat back a pro-
posal to tax the rich 'hat a lot of 
Democrats in the leglsl ture put for-
ward," Kelmigin said. "We endorse 
that proposal. Those who earn over 
$100,000 a year, or couples who 
earn over $200,000 a year, should 
be paying for the budget culS - not 
students." 

A flyer distributed by CSE ex-
plained that Califomia Governor 
Pete Wilson's plan to cut the UC 
Budget by $295 million includes 
"$40.5 million raised by student fee 
increases, $15 million (saved] by 
reduced purchases of instructional 
equipment ... $40 million !Saved by 
eliminating]I ,OOOnon-instructionai 
staff [positions] ... $35 million 
(saved by] reducing enrollment by 
5,500 students." 

UCSD Communicntion Profes-
sorSusan Davis gave a speech point-
ing out the unfairness of the 
governor's proposal and the will-
ingness of Americans to support 
education. 

"A New York Times poll taken 
last month shows that the American 
public ovelWhelmingly upports 
laxation to support social services. 
ncluding e1ucation," Davis said 
'A poll taken last week by the LA. 
Times hows that over 90 percent of 
heCalifomiapopulationrejectsany 
'Judget cuts in education and are 
.villing to pay more taxe to support 
education. 

''The reduction of credi ts for rent-
ers is paralleled by a high tax break 
forproperry owners, by Proposition 
13. These proposals hit the poor the 
hardest, and the very wealthy very, 
very lightly," Davis said. 

"I think Pete Wilson is making a 
pretty big mistake," said CSE mem-
ber A1exi Villedrouin. "Education 
is a big deal in our country, and it 
shouldn't be ignored .... Apathy on 
this campus is prevelent, and this is 
the first time in about three years 
here that anything is so controver-
sial and affecting everyone as whole 
- everyone." 

"We're looking at a double-
whammy here, with budget cuts and 
fee increases," UCSD staff member 
Jelger Kelmigin said. "We're going 
to end up paying a lot more for a lot 
less .... The worse thing is, a lot of 
the courses being cut are actually 
required for majors. Some people 
working on a particular major won't 
be able to complete it, or will have to 
complete it over a longer period of 
time." 

Davis reminded the audience thnt 
community colleges, high schools, 
and elementarY school will also be 

Villedrouin offered several sug-
gestions to avoid the budget cuts. 

"First of all, the Lottery - only 
I percent goes toward education," 
he said. "Other alternatives: tax the 
rich, the five percent of the popula-
tion that holds 90 percent of the 
wealth. Also, reallocation of funds 
-priorities in the budget need to be 
shifted ... less in foreign affairs. and 
more in national affairs." 

The University Council of the 
American Federation of Teachers, 
in a recent pamphlet, suggests sav-
ing money by 'trimming the ft'.t· 
from administrators. 

"The overall eight percent re-
duction in UC' state funding for 
91-92 need not effect the academic 
and teaching portion of the budget 
-there is enough fat to be trimmed 
from the admini tration," the pam-

See RALLY, Page 6 

N EW 3 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Dail Soft Len es Extended Sofl Lcnse~ 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to bl ue 

*Includes: CL exam , care kit, myopic len e , 30 day follow up. 
Brand in lude B&L. Cooper. WJ, Parapenn. Bast 

Service 
• Quality Eyecare 
(O(f~r I!" PH1'<!; tV' 1:Wl ) • Rea.onable Prices 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Clairemolll Mesa Bl vd. 39 8 Adams Ave. 

4 units of language credit in just two weeks! 
.l""tnIPf'<'v~ French, German, or Spanish at UCSD 

this summer. Choose 4. 8, 12, or 16 units. 

Lang. SA (equiv. 10 lA/lAX): Mon, July I-Tues, Juty 16 
Lang. SIl (equiv. to IB/tI3X): Wed, Juty 17-Fri, Aug 2 
Lang. SC (equiv. to IC/ ICX): Mon, Aug S·Fri, Aug t6 
Lang. SO (equiv. to ID/IDX): Mon, Aug 19-Fri, Aug 30 
Fee: $295 for 4 units, SS80 for 8 unils, S860 for 12 unils 

$1 ,140 for 16 units . 

For additional information, contact UCSD Summer Session, 
Pho ne: (619) 534-4364. 

UNiVERSITY OF SAND/EGO 

I~Jf~IONei& 
,. S 'PECIALTY CENTERS 

rFo~~~a'Co~~riz~-T-Str;-' 
: BRAKE SPECIAL I ~rodnt $2495 : Package : $6995 I A~gnment M05lcors I Special I I I Sel caste<. camt>er &!CO!(' - ' I I I Mos, cars I manufact\ter's SpeClloea~on$. Ga, mtndge; . $1 09.95 

. shrms & carPS eItto. I ,.. 5 $159 95 I I 240 Thousand Mil. Warranty Ask abOut our ~per 'rurs ...... . Replace front pads and ftlar I tour·wneel.llgnmtnt. lllGbme Watranty 
I III1ing. Resurface rotors, Itums, (Trucks & vans eXIra) I MOS! e.lrs · Expr,s 6tl~1 I 

_ a a<!USISys ... · Mtlalhc L Exp<r •• 6113191 I 
I pads81~a Op!fes&'13t'31 -----+-----~ 
L.LH"ImtWlrnntyAV'111bIt I Front End I4-WheeI $6995 I 
I Oll~~ - -, Alignment I ~ . ~: I 

. e $1495 I $1495 I Service Special I I SpeCial I CV·.!OIOIBooI Repac.mlnl 
I _lube new r.,", up ros .. ,._ & I I 2ndllOOlon .. meax~ l/2prlco l I ',V iii I I" ') Mostcarsltr~ vans .. U MOSlcalS'Exp"15611J191 qua1SO • 0"" ~oslc::r.. L- bptrK6I1J191 
L. Exptres 8l1 3191 - - - - - -t - - - - - -1 
I - - - - -. Monroe Performance I Computer Spin I FREE I Gas $1995 I Balan.ce & 4-Tire I I Shocks "'h Rotation $ 
I 'Alignm~nt Checks I Io1ostU S andl,,,,..,,,,,,, I v~uar!Jt 995 I • Inspecttons 1,,:a.<'>:<>11 A •• ,<OO1 "'POC""" 

LW'~Ihd8J Most car. I Ex",ru6l1l'Jl .L Mostcar.·Ex_61J191 • _____ ..1______ -----.. 
Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. # I 

Winston Square 
3112 Midway Dr. #D 

558·8562 Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-6 p.m. 223·2248 
Sat. 8 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Sunday by appointment only 



4 OPINION 

COMMENTARY , 

Why Not Ban 
Smoking on 
This Campus? 
By Greg Knauss 
Staff Writer 

The administrators of UCSD have spent 
much of the recent years concerned with 
how tudents treat one another. They have 
encouraged cultural ensitivity, promoted a 
kinder, gentler campus, and even placed a 
ban on certain "fighting words" that have 
the potential to upset people. 

Given that attitude, it i more than a little 
surprising that the administration has not 
done anything to tamp out a considerably 
larger and more immediate threat to tu-
dents' well being. 

This threat has proven to not only cause 
considerable psychological intimidation 
among student ,but real physical danger as 
well. 

Smoking at U 0 should be banned. 
ew ' tatistics collected by the Center for 

Disease ontrol (CDC) provide alanming 
evidence that smoken" through second-hand 
smoke, not only annoy non-smokers. but 
al\o !..ill them. 

on-smo~ers have always known that 
smoking is a di gusting habit, but now there 
is proof that it is dangerous tOO - proof that 
it should be b;lnned from campus. 

Smokers often consider it their inalien-
able right to light up wherever they please, 
especially outdoors. "If you don't like my 
smoke," they say, "then move. I have ju t as 
much right to be here as you." 

But they're wrong. The fact that non-
smokers don't put out potentially deadly 
fumes gives them a moral advantage over 
people who do. 

Smoking a cigarelte in public is no more 
an inalienable right than firing a gun - they 
can both kill innocent people standing 
neal by. The gun is quicker. but the outcome 
is exactly the same. 

The tatistic on smoking are staggering. 
According to the DC, in 1988, there were 
111,985 deaths from smoki ng-related 
cancers. 197,820 deaths from heart disease 
and 82,856 deaths from lung diseases like 
emphysema. 

And that's fine. Smokers, as Americans, 
have every right to kill them elves any way 
they cho se. whether by wha king them-
selves on the head with a hammer or by a 
two-pack-a-day habi t. 

But the CDC also reported 3,825 non-
smoker deaths cau ed by second-hand 
smoke. Second-hand, or passive, smoking 
occurs when a non-smoker breathes in the 
fumes exhaled by someone with a cigaretle. 

The administration of UCSD has spent 
much of the recent years protecting tudent 
from each other. Everything from word to 
"inappropriately directed laughter" seems to 
be censored and restricted. 

But smokers continue to pollute the air. 
There is statistically ignificant evidence 
that People who are subjected to second-
hand smoke die, and do so in great number. 
Thi menace, of immeasurably greater 
danger than "fighting words," should be 
banned, and banned soon. 

Smokers hould be free to moke, but not 
in public, not where they can hurt -
phy ically hurt - other people. 

Smokers h:lVe no more right to smoke in 
publi than thc-y have to punch people in the 

no~e. and tho c dumb en ugh to m ke 
should not be allowed to destroy the live of 
those 'mart en ugh not to. 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

BENSON 

HITME~, 
,AND I'LL 
SUEt 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

• 0 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Pacific Islanders-Not Just Pretty People 
Editor: 

As an American-Pacific Islander raised in the "mainland" 
and educated at UCSD (I received my Bachelor's degree in 
Sociology here in 1986), I read "Teachings of Tonga" 
(Guardian, May 20) with an equal measure of interest and 
waliness. 

On the one hand. it is marvelous to imagine that sensitive 
researchers are able and willing to bring some part of the 
Pacific Island culture back to an American university and to 
learn something valuable from it, especially since those 
re earchers highlight what many Pacific Islanders have 
always known to be the special role of women in our various 
cultu res. And for this, I cautiously applaud the efforts of the 
Tongan research group. 

On the other hand, I mu t admitto a sense of what I would 
call "informed di trust" with the academic tradition of so-
journing to a distant and primitive place, observing native 
customs - not to mention happy native - and returning 
home to the west filled with tale of the South Pacific . 

Let me be clear that I am not ugge ting that Professor 
Teilhet-Fisk or her cohorts were about this kind of research 
- I am not in a position to make such a claim as I have not 
read any of their work, Rather, what I would like to urge in 
your readers, is an awareness that this tradition and the 
journali tic coverage of this tradition traces back to a prob-
lematic legacy of imperiali m, "benign" romallticism, and a 
subtle unwillingness to a cept the peoples and culture of 
Oceania as a remote part of current world, U.S., orCalifomia 
history, and beyond that, a part of UCSD's community a~ it 
is currently constituted - if only in its puny repre entation 
of Pacific Islanders as students, staff, and persons in a 
position to produce, question, and crit ique re earch mono-
graphs such as those described in the article. 

While I cannot detail here the myriad "push" and "pull" 
factors which have brought Pacific I landers to this country, 
I can assure you that there are American-Pacific Island 
communities in this country and.primarily, in th~ state of 
California (Carson, California has a large representation of 
Tongan and Samoan-Americans, while San Diego boasts the 
largest Guamanian-American population in the country). 

I uppo e the question I am left with as an American-
Pacific Islander reading such an article is. are there any of 
"us" - at UCSD and Other major American universities-
in a position to befriend and profess our cultures to other 
members of this academic community, not merely as re-
search subjects, but as authors of our own cultural studie 
projects, as the Tongans in Teilhet-Fisk. 's research project 
did? If not, why not? 

From Gaugin's painting to the rambunctious "Bloody 
Mary" in the film Sowh Pacific, there has been little qucstion 
but that "We are a pretty people, no?" But in these cultural 
texts and in the Gllardian article as well, "we" are rarely 
allowed the lUXUry of choosing our own words and our own 
representations as full members of the society in which we 

live. 
E. Charfauros 

Visiting Scholar/Graduate Student 
Department of Sociology 

Is PC Really Thought Control? 
Editor: 

In his recent column, The 90s Version of the Salem Witch 
Trials (Guardian. May 20), Mr. Berman describes a recent 
incident surrounding so called "quota" flyers by Young Ameri-
cans for Freedom (Y AF) as a part of "the wave of thought control 
called Political Correctness (PC)." 

He warns his readers that this "wave" is "drowning out all 
opposition at campuses throughout the United States" and 
claims that the incident which took place that early Wednesday 
morning is comparable to "Salem Witch Trials. the McCanhy 
era, and (heaven forbid) the ri e of the Third Reich." I beg to 
differ. Such comparison is a gross misrepresentation of historic 
analogies; his collective labelling of diverse student activism as 
"Political Con-ectnes " is a dangerous oversimplification. 

Each of these episodes that Mr. Berman mentions happened 
as a small group of zealous individuals succeeded incoercing the 
mass into frenzy of paranoia, hatred, and irrationality. Fueled by 
social distrust and intolerance, and protected by mass ignorance 
and indifference, the self-righteou ideologue carried on their 
violent penecution of the powerless in the name of God, 
America, and the Fatherland. 

1be distinction must be made clear here. The events he lists 
are not the source of inspiration for Political Correctness (PC), 
a term I adopt with much reluctance: rather, they are sources of 
valuable lessons about the dangers of ignorance, indifference, 
and silence. PC is a phenomenon caused by people standing up 
to be counted, especially "those who didn' t count" before. 

Many of these individuals would have been oppressed as 
"dissenters, deviants. and degenerates." Many of them were in 
fact hiding in the shadows for the fear of persecution. PC is the 
coming out of people from the dark; it is the empowllmment of 
the powerles : it is the voice of those who understand the cost of 
ilence and wish to be silent no more, 

So, I empathize with Yale Dean Donald Kagen when he says 
there is less freedom today than there was during the McCarthy 
era. I am sure there was plenty of freedom for a white hetero-
sexual male who did not belong to the communist party and did 
not vocalize his di sent. 

life mu t have been much simpler then, just l\S the Southern 
slave owners had a lor of time and freedom. But this is the 90s, 
and the Respect for Diversity (RD, a term I prefer to PC) is here 
to stay. If one were to look for a governing ideology in all this, 
it is one of tolerance and respect for individual differences. It is 
only intolerant of intolerance. 

I agree that Young Americans for Freedom has a right to 
expre its views.] also agree that there are more effective ways 

See PC, Page 9 

Thursday, May 30,1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Affirmative Action Not Just About Poverty 
Sun God Letter Was 
Right-Wing Ploy 
Edilor: 

What is truth? 1l1ere was a time I thought [ 
knew. When I read Stephanie Bell'S Sun God 
letter I thought it was just about the funniest 
thing I had ever read. Since no one could 
possibly get so upset about something so trivial, 
I concluded that the letter was intended to be 
humorous. Not so, I am now told. A flyer has 
appeared on campus that brings the truth into 
the open. Apparently, Stephanie Bell was cre-
ated by anti-feminists in order to "destabilize 
the WRC and any progressive efforts to en-
hance the understanding of women's issues on 
campus." Furthenmore, Stephanie Bell isn't 
even living at her nonexistent address. As I 
read the flyer I thought to myself that even if 
"Stephanie" did have some ulterior motive, no 
one took the lener seriously. What hanm could 
it do? These feminists are really overreacting, 
I thought. I mean, the flyer sounded downright 
paranoid. 

Editor: 
It is difficult to describe my dismay with the 

lack of understanding which ] have recently 
observed in the Guardian's pages, and I am 
hard-pressed to decide which lacking most 
upsets me, that of the Y AF (a "radical-right" 
organization most often compared to the John 
Birch Society) with its anti-quota flyers, or that 
of those studentsdi&cussing the views the flyers 
espouse. In both cases, the lack of understanding 
revolves around affinnative action. 

Affinnative action must be one of the least 
understood, and most often misunderstood 
programs ever developed in this country. 

As UCSD's undergraduate representative to 
the University ofCalifomia Student Association 
(UCSA) - an organization which often leads 
the way in affirmative actioh policies within the 
UC, a system which leads the country in 
affirmative action policies - I hope I might 
count myself qualified to speak on the political 
and philosophical assumptions underlying 
affinmati ve action. 

Contrary to the contentions expressed in 
Zachary Benman's May 16 commentary, 
affirmative action is not just about poverty. 
Berman asks, "Does it hurt more to be black and 
poor than to be white and poor?" Bennan 
obviously believes, as I'm afraid many do, that 
the answer is "no." The correct answer is "yes." 

And that's what affirmative action is all 
about. Ultimately it does relate to economic 
status. But what it addresses is racism. We 
don't have affinmativeaction programs because 
of the "immoral actions of our forebears." There 
is no way to correct the past. 

TIle fact of the matter is) that the past has 
allowed for the present: a present in which 
whites hold their purses tighter when an African-

American steps into an elevator, in which 
whites ' careless banterstops whenaChicano/ 
Latino enters the room. 

Yes, most legalized racism has been 
abolished. But the everyday, often 
unconscious discrimination continucs. The 
effects of this discrimination upon those 
who every single day are reminded that they 
are "different" - that there are people who 
assume them to be inferior - simply cannot 
be comprehended by me or any other white 
male. But we must recognize these effects. 

lbat's what affirmative action does. It 
recognizes that racism still exists, and that it 
is still responsible for many of our society 's 
problems.TIlese problems are most tangible 
when look.ing at economic disadvantage. 
Affirmative action does target the 
economically dtsadvantaged from all ethnic 
groups. And to accomplish its goals, it must 
target the racially discriminated from all 
economic groups. 

To contend that deserving whites are 
being kept out of the UC is simply not 
correct. The University of California is 
supposed to admit the top 12.5 percent of 
CaIiforniahigh school graduates. It currently 
admits the top 14.25 percent (though with 
this year's budget crisis, that number is sure 
to fall). 

Not one Californian, whites included. 
who meets the UCminimum requirements is 
denied entrance to the UC system. It is true 
that affinmative action students have 
campuses that they might not attend without 
the program, and it is true that some whites 
might not be admitted to certain campuses 
which they would have been without 
affinnative action. This is completely 

ares 
DANZA CONTEMPORANEA 

CONTEMPORARY DANCE FROM MEXICO 

JUNE 18 • TUES. • 8PM • MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $10 • ST. $7 • UCSD FAC/STAFF & SR.CIT. $7 

UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-6467 
7ii5iiW~ .. __ • 

Presented by UCSD Univer ity Events, The Center fur U.S. -.'.=-'::;".=A'::-~:'­
&< Mexican Studies and the Consulate Ceneral of Mexico. .'.~~.~.! :.!"x. 

sensible. 
Assembly Bill 4071, sponsored by the 

UCSA and now law, ordered the California 
Post-Secondary Education Commission to 
study "campus climate." As might have 
been expected, results are indicating that 
some UC campuses are more comfortable 
for people of color than others. 

Why should people of colornot be able to 
attend a university campus where they will 
be faced with at least lesser degrees of 
racism, when there exists a community in 
which they feel comfortable? 

Zachary Benman quotes the 14th 
Amendment's equal protection clause, anti 
thereby seeks todefine affirmative action as 
unconstitutional. But the Supreme Court 
has recognized that the actions of 
governments within the U.S. have allowed 
for and encouraged the conditions of today. 

Whether it be the Jim Crow laws of the 
post-war South or the dismal conditions of 
inner-city schools, the government has to a 
large extent failed to provide equal 
protection. As such, the state is in many 
ways responsible for the racism within this 
country, and as a public institution, the UC 
may legitimately be used to help rectify the 
ituation. 

Every day, whites benefit just from being 
white. I would like to think that most of us 
wish this were not so_ But we must accept 
that it is so. And we must realize that 
affinmativeaction isnot some kind of hateful 
"reverse di crimination." 

It is simply hope for the future. 
Jeremy Pasternak 

UCSD Undergraduate 
Representative to UCSA 

It was then that the true subterfuge of the 
anti-feminists became clear. Not only were 
theyresponsibleforthe initial Bell letter (which 
merely trivialized feminist issues), but they 
also wrote the even more insidious "Gotcha!" 
flyer. They succeeded in painting a picture of 
feminists as humorless, paranoid, and reac-
tionary, and made it appear as if the feminists 
did it to themselves. This is an example of how 
right-wing elements of this campus use convo-
luted tactics to send us into propaganda over-
load so that we can no longer distinguish true 
politically correct views from heinous imita-
tions designed to make political correctness 
seem even more extreme than it really is! We 
areontoyou now! We understand yourtactics! 
But I'm afraid someone else will have to take 
up the tight... I'll be locked up in a ~bber room 
somewhere. 

Carrie Webber 

Factory OuUet 
APPAREL 
DESIGNE R 
Z 0 N E 

50% 
TO 

90% 
BELOW 
RETAIL 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. EAST PAST HWY.805 
LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON LEFT) ... EASYI 

8250 CAMINO SANTA FE 
: 

SALE f N 
• ~W+E15 

1250 j S 
La Jolla VIM. Dr. Mirwner Rd. 

HOTLINE: 
450-3323 



6 NEWS 

RALLY 
Continued from page 3 
phlel tates. "Last year ... saw record 
pay raises for the top sector of the 
adrninistation ... 

"It's a really small chance that 
they [thegovemmentJ will do any-
thing in response to the protesters," 
Third College freshman Vincente 
Mendez said. 'They'll keep saying 
that they need the money, and will 
raise the fees no matter what." 

The budget proposal wiJIlikely 

be voted on by the legislature before 
June 30. 

'The deadline is get ring closer, 
and the school year is ending, so we 
decided we had to pick up the pace 
and mak.e some noise, and have a 
rally," explained A.S. Vice Presi-
dent External Siamalc Maleic. 

The CSE next plans to hold a sit-
in at Pete Wilson's San Diegooffice 
at 401 B Street on June 5. CSE 
members will be meeting in the 
parking 101 near the UCSD Student 
Center at II a.m. that morning. 

6 cassettes, ~et I free CD* • 2 CD's. gel I free CD* 
*00 approval • No limit 

Largest used CD inventory in U.S. • Lis(enin~ zones 

=-=-: MUSIC TRADER 
::=..;#: If) 4 V rdlna' Po 6U314 

I (;.~or B \0 ,65 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 30, 1991 

WEDNESDAY'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 
Appoinl_lI: 
• Dave Kim to A.S. Finance Commillee 
o Gh!n Maestre 10 the Student Subalmrnillce on Affinnativ( 
Action 
oClu!ena YOWIg 10 the Campus Communily Planning Commillec: 
and !he UCSD Put Committee 
o Ant/ua HjJ/ 10 the University Communily Planning Group 
and !he Coovniucc on the SWU5 of Women 
o Kimberly AleJUUlder 10 the Intercollciille and Recreational 
Advisory Commitlce 
o Nilmini Ra/fl~ as Muir ReprcRowive 10 the A.S. Judicial 
Board 
o Cynlhia Hansen to the Canyonview Advisory Commillee 
• Michael Powers 10 the CllancclJor's Advisory Committee and 
the I'osI·BaccabulUtc Opponunilics Committee 

WC~"I 
RooIllJllaltS 

TickdS 
Can 

Bili 
DetIs 

Rentals 
Stereos 

SutftIoards 
Auto Rcp2lt 

Sab 
JobIJ 

Typing 
BabY'illmg 
( wputl"" 
l",r 'ott, 

dl:lort I 

tllchuard, n 

• RUlhie Estrada 10 lhe Leadership Developmenl Comminee 
, JudslJ" uisu 10 lhe Vehicle Accielenl Review Commillee 
o Steve Byu .. 10 the T.A. Developmenl Advisory Commillee 
• Traei Powell 10 lhe Undergrodwue Affall'S National I ue Forum 

Budaeu Approved: 
• 1991·92 Campus Media Budgeu 
o Siudent OrpniDiions Finance Board and Cultural Progr.unming 
Board Budgets for FaJll991 Propamming and 199t ·92 Opel1ling 
ACCOURU 

AUocations: 
o SI7t 10 Val Fronteriw (or the Chicano Press Conference from 
Media Unallocated 
• $50 10 East/WcSI Horizons Printing from Offi~ Supplies 

FIRST MONTH 1 12 PRICE* 
Storage Spaces For Rent by the Month 

ClAIREMOIT MESA 
8000 Raytheon 

(1·80 10 Claircmont Me.:! C\ 1l 
and go cas!) 
279-9484 

FOR ADDmOIlAl. 
ucanlils CAll 
l·a.USTlIE 

Exp. 6130191 

1 9 9 

·PIUJ a 56 _00 CltimmutrlJtI\c/u 

MIRAMAR ARfA 
9550 Kearny Mesa 

(Near omer of 1·15 & MIramar 
Rd.) 

566·7090 

1 9 2 

NORTH SAlt DIESI 
11303 Sorrento Valley Rd. 

453-6101 

MISSIIIIIY 
5175 

Pacific Highway 
2tl-88S3 

Good oJ all 
S/UI Di~go iocaJio"s 

F I 

JUNE 1 and 2, 1991 • 8:00 porn. • Mandeville Auditorium 
Directed by Margaret Marshall and Patricia Rincon 

• • TICkets: $9 General • $6 Students, Seniors, Military, Faculty and Staff available at 
UCSD bol office (in advance) S34-M67 

At the door (night. of performance) • For further information: 534-4369 
Choreography I1y: Margaret Marsball, Patricia lincon, Jean Isaacs, Alida Rincon, 

Judy Sharp, Stacy Scardino and Kristin Kuerbi1 Arcidiacano 
S/JOIUOr:wl.,.. Tbc dean of AI15 aod Huminlda, VIce Chaocdlor of Academic Affairs 

aod tilt Pbyslcal F..duatiOIl DqIIttmtDI 

The'tlniversity of California has extended the deadline to apply for University Fee Grant to June 15, 1991. This extension is offered to 
provide you with the opportunity to apply for the University Fee Grant Program established by UC President Gardner to help needy 
students meet the costs pf increased fees. 
Students who have already applied for financial aid will be considered for this grant funding; those who have not yet applied for 
financial aid should complete and file a 1991-92 Student Aid Application for California (SAAC) as soon as possible. Students who apply 
and complete their financial aid file by the June 15 deadline will be considered for the University Fee Grant, Pell Grant, Stafford Loan 
and other campus-based aid pending the availability of funds. Financial Aid Application Padcets are available at Student Financial 
Services. 
If you complete your file after June 15, you will be considered for winter and spring quarters campus-based aid pending the availability 
of funds. You will, however, be considered for Pell Grant and/or Stafford Loan for all three quarters if you have eligibility. 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 
FEATURES 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 7 

• Readings at the Grove Caffe 
feature undergraduate literary talent 

!AlP Anne McConnaulh~y/Gllardlan 

By Naveed Merchant 
Staff Writer 

"(The writing scenej is every-
where felt, but nowhere heard . 
Thnr's why people have the idea 
that no one at UC D wri tes," said 
David Koppel. ~tn Engli h nd 
Amencan Literature major. "The 
general opinion of people on 
campus is that this i. a dead-end 
place for m1ists. It 's even shared by 
writers. Th is irked me." 

So, Koppel introduced the firs t 
all-undergraduate literature 
reading ' at the Grove Caffe. Every 
other Tuesday at 5 p.m" dozens of 
student gather to hear a panel of 
their peers read their fiction. 
Koppel relies on networking to 
program the readings. 

"[The readingsl give writers 
more of a voice. making people 
remember that we are not all 
studying engineering, and we're 
not all wearing black," said Alli son 
Cleaver. 

Cleaver, who read two of her 
works entitled "He Loves the 
Baby" and "Town Parade," said 
that she first found out about the 
readings when Koppel personally 
invited her to read. Though she was 
nervous at first, Cleaver finds that 

sharing her works to "many 
people in such a short 

period of time [is] 
appealing." 

Thomas Vito, 
a senior 
Ii terature/ 
writing major, 
was also called 
by Koppel to 
read his works. 

He agreed to 
read his fantasy 

piece, an untitled 
work - the memoirs of a 

fictitious monk - and a 
poem, "Summer in Castle 

Amare." 
"Students' works also need to be 

seen," he said. "Students need to 
see what their peers are doing. The 
Visual Arts department displays it 
work. There is no such requirement 
in the literature department. And 
because the classes are small . it's 
hard to find each other." 

"[There are] lots of individual 
writers at UCSD who are very 
isolated," Koppel said. The 
readings provide a medium for a 
diverse body of student writers to 
come toge.ther and share their 
works. 

According to Joe Tucker, an 
editor of the Third College Literary 
Jourrwl, the readings are essential 
for student writers because " most 
writing is like a performance," he 
said. 

"Writing is like a conversation," 
Tucker added. "Unless you are 
aware of your audience, [your 
writing) is just mental masturba-
tion." 

Koppel also feels that in reading 
their works, writers gain a better 
sense of their own voice, literally 
and figuratively. Editor of 
Abbdabbs Adam Burke contends 

that real writing takes place outside 
of the classroom. 

"Students gain a sense for 
rhythm. narration, al~d dialogue that 
fl ows and isn't uneven [when the) ] 
li sten to their own words and hear 
the. ounds mixing wi th each 
other." Burke said. 

lizzie Martinez. a senior 
literatu re/wri ting major, agrees th.1I 
one o f the greatest benefits of the 
readings is that students get a feel 
for their own style of wriling. 
Martinez, who has read her works 
entitled "Monica, Veronica wilh 
the Leaves" and "Border Cross-
ings." believes thaI because 
"students are taught along con vel 
tional guidelines, lots of them haw 
the same style .. .. Students aren ' t 
expo ed to a lot. [The readings] 
offer more exposure and more 

" Most writing is like a 
performance. Writing 
is like a conversation. 
Unless you are aware 
of your audience, [your 
writing] is just mental 

masturbation. 

" JOE TUCKER 
Third College Literary 

Journal editor 

opportunities to experiment." 
Koppel also began the readings 

at the Grove because "students 
don't have such a varied experi-
ence. Themes matter a lot less than 

~an author' s) own style .... Person-
ally, we are all writers. We each 
have an honest voice that we can 
put in our own words. That is 
writing, freeing yourself from 
cliches, and expressing yourself 
honestly." 

" Most undergraduates are stuck 
in the same conventions," said 
philosophy major Brett Littman. 
"Young writers should be doing 
more exploring." 

Littman publishes the experi-
mental writing journal )39 on 
campus. [n exploring what it mean~ 
to be an author. Littman, along with 
the other editors of )39, wrote a tex t 
on note cards, shuffled up the 
cards, and took turns reading them. 

Littman also experiments with 
music and musicals. During his 
reading at the Grove, he played a 
slide that he says may or may not 
have had anything to do with his 
writing. Littman also reads down-
town at the Peanut Gallery. 

As for the campus, Littman feels 
that "people don't have a concept 
of the writing scene. It 's hard to tell 
what the writing scene is. [Al-
though) there are a lot of people 
who are writing, unfortunately 
there is not much communication 
[between writers]." 

Koppel speculates that one of the 
reasons for the lack of communica-

See WRITERS, Page 11 



8 FEATURES 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

S$4AVOE 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
A 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 \~~~" WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT COR DURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
"FAMOUS TRAILS'· 'MEl" . 'EAGLE CREEK" 
-EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

. ~!~2g~~~,a~:~~i~:~ iii:: 11;~: 'iJ~ 
: port holde,s. neck pillows. vonage • 
: oonvertors. to .. - -

: ... ~""P.".-' .• f .• !,,!P.., .... ... :," w~ 

1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach, Phone · 483-1421 
lIon-Fri 10 • . m." p.m. Sat' Sun 10 •. m."S p.m. 

The UCSD GuarcUa.n 

NEW CARS FOR 
GRADUATES OOLY 
No Credit - New Job 

• New Residence 
NO PROBLEM 

Q No minimum credil hbtory 
Q No minimum length of 

employment 
Q No minimum lime 3t rc idcnce is 

required 
CALL TO FIND OUT OUR FEW 

SIMPLE REOUIREMENTS. 

COMMANDER LEASE CORP. 
Graduate Program 

(714)248-44n (714) 248-4478 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

• Does theoretical approach lay 
foundation for practical application? 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

The attelllion of tire governing 
couneil of [the Universiry afCali-
fornia AllImni Association] has 
bun repeatedly called to the U/I· 
prepared stale of mind with which 
the average recem graduate oj the 
University faces the task of earn-
ing his own living - Clolilde 
Grunsky. September 1921 

ASki ng whether or not gradu-
atesof the University of California 
are well -prepared for life after 
graduation is not a recent develop-
ment. In fact, it was probably 
thought to be a more serious prob-
lem 70 years ago than it is today. 

In the decades that passed since 
Grunsky fir t expres ed her con-
cerns about the 
university' pre-
paration of its stu-

" 

to potential employers. 
And these doubts have been 

amplified by the currently de-
pre ed job market 

According to UCSD Career Ser-
vice Director eil Murray, the 
problem that many student face is 
partially a result of the universi ty 's 
mis ion. which is not to prepare 
tudent for work. 

Because there is often no clear-
cut connecting line between stu-
dents' undergraduate tudy and 
their employment beyond, they 
sometimes find that, ini tially , they 
are Ie marketable than those with 
specific practical skills. 

Still , Murray felt that UCSD's 
graduates were able to hold their 
own in the job market He pointed 

out that only sill 
percent of the 
June 1990 gradu-

dents for life af-
ter graduation. 
admini trator 
have continu -
ously examined 
aild acted to im-
prove the quality 
of their under-
graduate educa-
tion. 

You don't gradu-
ate with practical 
skills, you gradu-

ate the Career 
Services Center 
urveyed were 

unemployed sill 
month after 
graduation. 

Still, . orne tu-
dents and alumni 
continue to won-
der whether the 
education they re-
ceived atthe Uni-
versity of Cal-
ifornia has ad-
equately prepared 
them for the real 
world. 

Douglas Tol-

ate with con-
cepts. The educa-
tion I received at 
UCSD helped me 
to grow up and 
incorporate the 

modes of thought 
I learned in Eco-

nomics to my 
future career. 

" MICHELE SAMUELS 
. UCSD Graduate 

UCSD's Vice 
Chancellor of 
Undergraduate 
Affairs Joe Wat-
on feels that the 

university's basic 
emphasis on the-
ory ratherthan on 
practical applica-
tions gives stu-
dent the ability 
to adapt quickly 
to the changes 
taking place in the 
world. 

"I think it 's a 
man, a senior 
physics major. feels that his 
coursework did not offer him an 
adequate balance between theory 
and practical experience. 

"The mathematics and equa-
tions we use are nice, but they 
don't explain reality. Everything 
is ideal, but we don't live in an 
ideal world. We need to gain better 
understanding of how we hould 
apply theories to today's prob-
lems," he- said. 

mistake to train 
students for a specific job because 
that type of training can become 
obsolete," he said. "Our students 
don't have the expertise coming in 
[to ajobJ, but they have the poten-
tial to learn, and are able to do a 
better job because they are edu-
cated to think." 

Tolm an's concerns are echoed 
by some seniors acros campus 
who fear thaI their lack of practical 
skills has left them less marketable 

Watson stressed that UCSD is 
not a vocational school, but a place 
of academic learning where one 
can prepare for further education. 
The education students recei ve here 
is broad, which develops students' 
ability to think. 

See THEORY, Page 11 

Dancers, Singers, Music 
and Foods from arodnd the World 

On a huge outdoor stage 
Slturday. Junl1 

10:00 l1li to 6:00 pm 
S,rI.1 Iltltmltloaal 
FrlllUltlp FestInl 
FIW AdmlsslDII 

United Stales 
International University 
10455 Pomerado Road 

For more information call 
693-4674 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

CJIOC'S 
CHOICE~ 
THURSDAY 
A Soft Target 
r.;-7The Warren College 

~ Literary-Arts Journal , 
entitled "We Are A Soft Tar-
get," presents its 1991 recep -
tion and contributors' reading 
from 3-5 p.m. in the Warren 
Resident Life Lounge (Wacren 
Campus). Guitarist Carolyn 
Haynes will be featured at this 
celebration of prose, poetry, 
and art. Admission is free. 

THURSDAY THRU 
SUNDAY 
The Doors Laserium 
r.;-7 First the band, then the 

~ movie, now the revival. 
The Reuben H. Fleet Space 
Theater & Science Center in 
Balboa Park presents a spec-
tacular laser show set to some 
of The Doors ' greatest hits at 
9:15 p.m_ (Wednesdays through 
Saturday) and 6 p.m. (Saturday 
and Sunday) continuing 
through this summer. Tickets: 
$6, student discount available. 
For more info., call 238-1168. 

SATURDAY AND 
SUNDAY 
An Evening of Dance 
!;'7The UCSD Dance Pro-

~ gram presents its fifteenth 
annual Faculty Dance Conert in 
the Mandeville Auditorium at 8 
p.m. Featured perfonnances 
will be directed and premiered 
by Margaret Marshall and 
Patricia Rincon. Tickets: 
students $6, general admission 
$9, available at the UCSD Box 
Office or at the door. For more 
info., call 534-4369 

Indian Fair 
!;'7The food. crafts, and 

~ dance of over 25 tribes 
will be represented at the eighth 
annual San Diego Museum of 
Man Indian Fair in Balboa Parle 
from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 
Admission is free. 

JUMPlN' 
JOIN 
• A comprehensive 
guide to the best of 
San Diego's bars and 
clubs 

racula wou ld not starve between Lo 
Angele and Tijuana. As guardian to 
your clubbing desires, HIATUS has ,.. ....... ,.......,.,.1"..AJ ..... 

compiled a list of evening haunts. each within 
a 45-minute drive of campus. 

The difficu lty in coveri ng clubs is two- 'IA'IJV'...,.._ .... 1' 
fold: the club's lifespan and its clientele. 
Many underground companies are known as 
"rotating club" and only fea ture monthly or JW.IIJ'IJ'" 
weekly events, usua lly at different locations. 
Knowing the whe res and when of these 
discos is the trick to discovering where the 
goths hang out or the punks play. Unfonu-
nately, th is inconsi tency tend to lead to a 
tenacious thread between the event occuring 
and the company's bankruptcy. 

There is also an element of segregation at 
some clubs. The old adage of looking "right" 
applies to some locations, while others focus 
more on sexual orientation. The general at-
mosphere of each disco is described under the 
heading of "cliente le." 

HlA T US attempted to appeal tocl ubs of all 
sexual o rientations. Due to previous hassles, 
discos and bars catering to same-sex couples 
hesitated to provide information for what 
they perceived as the "straight press." Among 
the clubs listed below, there is a solid starting 
point for patron looking forth is typeofatmo phere. For more information about such places as the Flame and BULC, patrons 
should call the individual establishments. 

Unless otherwise noted, all of the club and pre-club locations require valid identification. Bouncers areelltremely unamused 
by fake i.d.'s. HIATUS made this discovery first-hand. Trust us. 

PRE-CLUB VENUES 
When wai ting for the disc jockey to cue up the tunes , 
here are but a few places to relax before shaking your 
booty. 

E ER 
Tim. Trav.led: 18 minutes 
Add,..s: 7536 Fay Ave., Downtown La Jolla. ('I!' 456-
2739) 
Age.: No age minimum 
Cover: None 
Hours: Week: II a.m.-12 a .m. Weekend: I I a.m.-2 
a.m. 
Drink.: Pints $2.50. Samplers 75¢. In addition to 
sodas and wine, there are four beers brewed on the 
premi es. Little Pt. Pale is little better than the average 
American beer on lap; the Red Roost Ale. supposedly a 
"slightly sweet" concoction, turned out to be a watery 
disappointment. On the other hand. the Sea Lane Stream, 
a delicious bitter beer, and Pump House Porter, a dark 

malty ambrosia. are both worth the pint price. 
Music: Live music Sunday (7 p.m. - 10:30 p.m.) and 
Tuesday (7:30 - 10:30 p.m.). 
Lines: Le s than 15 minutes for a table. even during rush 
times. 
Cllentel.: Milled, with a predominantly older/college 
crowd in the evenings. Attire is casual , but even the 
outrageous can relall without raising any eyebrows. 
Toilet.: Fairly clean, but there is only one toilet/urinal. 
This could be a cause for many a cro sed leg on a busy 
night of beer drinkers. Although there were no condomn 
machines. there was a newspaper tacked up over the urinal. 
Conv ..... tlon: No worries about screaming. 
Notes: This isn't a club in the traditional sense. but it is 
a great place to start out the evening. The kitchen stay. 
open until 10 p.m. during the week and 12 a.m. on Fri. and 
Sat. Wednesday ni~hts are key, seeing as it's UC D night, 
featuring $1.75 pints. Besides, the banender is CUle, thm 
Pump House Porter i great. and the hanging urf boards 
make for interesting conY'Crsation pieces. Page H 4 

Thursday. May 30. 1991 . H1 



2 HIATUS 

FIX 2 Man~uin 2 
Truth Or Dan What About Bob? 
Hudson Hawk Thelma & Louise 

Only The Lonely 
Aackdraft 

University Town Centre 452-7766 

Stone Cold Backdraft 
Mannequin Two: On The Move 

Hudson Hawk Drop Dead Fred 
Swikh Thelma And Louise 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
What About Bob 
Truth Or Dare 
Impromptu 
FIX 2 

Cinema 283-5909 
May 30-June 1: Ay I Carmela 

June2-15: Poison 

~V"'trv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
KOC:KV Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
The band Drivin' -N-Cryin' have released a video single 

with a 'S-side,' actually it's just giving us two ongs instead of 
one for $9.95. lis release drew the following objective execu-
tivc response (author's emphasis added here and there): "The 
relea 'e of a live video single is a grounbreaking project in 
con ept (of cour e), but is con istent with the direction of 
tOday' s music videos," aid Liz Heller, pres. of [ land Visual 
Arts, "There was a time (in the deep, dark past) when there were 
no surprises in home video (what sad time were these). But we 
mu t as our audience are no longer requesting (merely) 'dif-
ferent,' they're expecting it (that nice lot, who just coinciden-
tally may have money to spend if smoke is blown up the right 
direction .. ,)" 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

EMI Records is releasing a compilation CD of hits from 
some of it "Legends of Rock and Roll Serie .. subsidiaries. It 
features : Fats Domino. Ricky Nelson. Eddie Cochran. rke & 
Tina Turner, and Del Shannon. But there's the unexpected 
company twist. The CD will include twenty four bubble gum 
cards of the album's artist ... 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
All right. Here's the dish- Sinead called Hammer a cheese. 

MC aid he pay her 10 leave. After Frank aid he'd "kick her 
a ' s," Sinead picked up and flew first class. She sent the rapper 
the bill. Now. maybe, everyone'\I finally chill. 

YE S 
A HEAD 

By Bryan Dlas and Dave Linberg 

H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg . $25) 
Men $14 (reg.$J9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or Highlighr & HairCllt 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Sle. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLUB 
Continued from H1 

F G 

Time Traveled: 25 minute 
Address: 3655 Sports Arena 
Blvd. (tt 222·279 1) 
Ages: 2 I and over 
Cover: None 
Hours: Mon.-Sun., II :30a.m.-
2:30p.m. 
Drink.: Beer on 
tapi 99¢. The"Mon-
ster" (32 oz.) is $2.49 
during normal hours, 
$1.99 during happy 
hour. 
Music: Top 40 pop, 
with the occasional 
remix. 
Lines: A three to 
five minute wait. 
Cnentele: 23-40 
age bracket. Ever ee 
"The Accused"? The 
patrons are a few 
notche above that. 
Toilets: Nothing 
exciting about the 
men' s bathroom, ex-
cept the decorative 
door. The women's 
toilets had two ma-
chines di sposing a 
variety of toy . For 
only 50~. ladies can 
purcha e co lored 
Protex condom. ori-
ental exciter rings. male climax 
controllers, ex tingler condoms, 
or swedi h massage love oils. 
Conversation: What? 1 
couldn't hear you. 
Notes: Close to the Hype, 
Foggy's Notion is somewhere to 
hang out priorto club time. This is 
a beer hall , nothing more. The 
dance floor is non-existent, while 
the decor is reminiscent of a puk-
ing garage sale. If boredom sets in, 
try adding your mark to the thou-
sands already engraved on the bar. 
The kitchen is perhaps Foggy 
Notion 's strongest point , with a 
gigantic basket of c urley fries 
($1.69) and "gri lied oink and 
cheese" ($4.29). 

Time Traveled: 30 minute 

Address: 1157 Columbia, 
Downtown (tt 234-2739) 
Ages: No age limit,except at the 
bar (2 1 and over) 
Cover: None 
Hours: Mon.- Thurs .: I 1:30 
a.m.- ~2 a.m. 
Fri.-Sat.: II :30 a.m.-I a.m. 
Sun.: 11:30 a.m.- 10 p.m. 
A side note ... free hourly tours of 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

pilsener glasse are only I. 
Music: Background noi e. Ac-
tually. it wouldbe more effective 
if the management either turned 
the music off or raised the volume 
past the point of a buzzing mo -
quito. 
Lin .. : To sit down at a table, the 
wait issomcwherearound 20 min-
ute . 1be bar has no minimum 
wait, butthe limitednumberofbar 
tools may leave patrons tanding 

on their feet. 
Cllente.e: Mixed 
between the profes-
sional type and the 
student. Familiescan 
be seen to wander 
around during theear-
lier hours. 
Toilets: They had 
them. No tampon ma-
chines and no condom 
dispensers. 
Conversation: 
There was no prob-
lem in maintaining a 
civilized discussion 
about life, love, and 

~e universe. 
Notes: This is the 
perfect place to grab a 
snack and a drink be-
fore tottering off to a 
downtown club. The 
atmosphere is jovial, 
if a bit tand-offi h. 
Don't expect a meat 
market at the bar. The 

Jenn"er Kolsloi./GIJafl:iian food at the Columbia 
the brewery run on Saturday and Brewery is of extraordinarily high 
Sunday between I p.m. and 3 p.m. quality, albeit a bit on the pricey 
Drink.: The Columbia Brewery side. Sandwiches run between $5-
makes its own beer on the pre- $7, whilesaladsareunder$7.Crit-
mises. There can be anything from ics choice has to go to the cheese 
three to seven different types to fries ($2.95) , a mound of french 
choose from, depending on the fries mothered in two different 
daily capacity of the five tanks. types of fresh cheese. Your heart 
The Gllardian recommends may hate you, but you taste bud 
Gaslamp Gold. a malty golden ale, will be your slave. 
and the Red Trolley Ale, a LB Y 
"Brew master Special" and worth Time Traveled: 30 minutes 
every tasty red drop. Tasters (4 Addres.: 3175 India (1t 296-
oz.) are 75¢, pilsener glasse (12 6789) 
oz.) are $2.25, pints (16 oz.) are Age.: 21 and over 
$2.75,schooners(230z.)are$3.25, C F ' d S $2 '1 over: n. an at., untt 
and commemorati ve souvenir 12:30 a.m. 
mugs (33 oz.) are a little over $10. H M F ' 4 2 ours: on.- n" p.rn.-
Happy hour runs Mon. through S S 2 2 a.m. at.- un., p.m.- a.m. 
Thurs.,4-{:j p.m., with the bar get- DrInks: Mon.-Thurs.,5O¢pitch-
ting packed around 5. Students ers of draft beer. Sat. and Sun. , the 
sho,,'d check out the Brewery on "blue light" special, with bottles 
Thurs. mghts after 9 p.m., a the See CLUB, H3 

Thursday, May 30,1991 

CLUB 
Continued from H2 
sold for $1 to $1.50. Sun. from 2 
p.m. to 4 p.m., there i a barbecue 
and numerous kegs. 
Music: A cro between dance 
and pop. Saturday nights, OJ Dal-
las Wade spins a solid mix of hip-
hop and funk. 
Lines: Non-existent. 
Cnentele: QubBombay caters 
to women, specifically to women 
in the business realm. 
Toilets: Small, but clean. 
Conversation: Speech is pos-
sible, with a little effon. . 
Notes: This i more of a low-
key, neighborhood-type of bar 
rather than a typical disco. The 
management doesn't depend on 
the younger, club-oriented group 
fonhe majori ty of its business. Yet 
the atmosphere, one of energetic 
relaxation, allows for both elements 
to mix comfortably. 

Clubs/ 
Discos/ 
Dance 
Halls 
Time Traveled: 15 minutes 
Addre .. : 2812 Kettner Boule-
vard (tt 294-9033) 
Age.: 21 and over 
Cover: $3 - $8, depending on 
the live act 
Hours: 8 p.m.- 2 a.m. 
Drink.: Guinness on tap. An-
chor Stearn available. 

Music: Varies. Theclubactively 
promotes local bands. The mall 
stage and dance floor has a com-
bined capacity of about 75, but 
twice that are often crammed in. 
Call before to check out who is 
performing. 
Lin •• : Minimal 
Clientele: It's the black and 
leathery set. Leave the pink at 
home. 
Toilets: Average 
Conversation: Only the de-
tennined will speak. 
Notea: This i a real "hole-in-
the-wall" club. Don't be deterred 
by the exterior, as the atmosphere 
is usuall y great.I t ' alternative and 
intimate, but beware of the Elvis 
curtain. eN ow you have to go see it 
for yourself.) 

Time Traveled: 15 minutes 
Address: 4626 Alburquerque, 
in Pacific Beach. Located inside 
Pounders, on the comer of Mis ion 
Bay Dr. and Gamet (tt not listed) 
Ag.s: 21 and over 
Cover: $5 
Hours: Saturdays only. 10 p.m. 
-4 a.m. 
DrInks: Guines on tap: 8 oz, 
$1.75; 16 oz, $3.25; 32 OZ, $5.25. 
Hard cider: 8 OZ, $2.75; 16 OZ, 
$4.25; 32oz, $7.50. BottlesofBud, 
$2.50 
Music: Can you say ''IN-DUS-
TRI-AL"? This is remix mania. 
Expect to hear bands such as 808 
State, the Shamen, etc. 
Lines: None 
Cllentela: NottheGreekcrowd. 
Anything goes for attire, just as 
long as it's black or white, with 

The UCSD Guardian 

strategically placed gaps. 
Toilets: Fair. One out of the two 
was clogged. 
Conversation: No chance. 
Don't even bother. lust dance or 
people watch. 
Notes: This i an half-hearted 
attempt to create a condensed ver-
sion of a British rave. The neon 
decor, especially the black lights 
and the florescent crab, gets a "10" 
for originality. Unfortunately. the 
cramped club give off a sen e of 
being too busy. even though it was 
only half-filled. Although the 
music selection was a fair cross 
from the current altemati ve scene, 
the DJ neeJs a few "how to" les-
sons: how to make a clean transi-
tion and how to prevent th needle 
from skipping. 

F C 
Time Traveled: 15 minute 
Addr.ss: 4626 Alburquerque. 
(tr See Romper Room) 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Ages: 21 and over 
Cover: $5 without a flyer. 
Hours: Wednesdays only. 
Drinks: See "Romper Room" 
Music: Alternative. 91X, but 
with an little m re of an edge. 
You'll hear things like Love and 
Rockets, the Sistcrs of Mercy ,early 
Cure. 
Lines: Non-existent 
Clientel.: Funky. Lot of inter-
esting black, such a brassieres, 
tirrups, and fi shnet stockings. 

Dress to impress. 
Toilet.: Two stalls per gender. 
Conversation: See "Romper 
Room" 
Notes: The Factory is put on by 
the same production company, 
Playschool, as "Romper Room". 
The music is good, but the same 
DJ seemed to be carried over from 
Saturday night. It 's worth a look, 
but forget the outrageous drink 
prices. 

HIATUS 3 

Time Traveled: 20 minutes 
Address: 945 Garnet (1l' 483-
9920) 
Ages: 21 and over 
Cover: Varic . Tue day, none. 
Friday, students half price. 
Hours: 8:30 p.m.- 2:30 a.m. 
Drinks: Specialty nights include 
Tuesday $1 all night, Wednesday 
50¢ drafts and $1 well-drink . and 
Friday 75¢ drafts. 
Music: Top 4O-esque trash pop 
except on Wednesday 's Hou ' c 
night and Thursday's 91X night. 
Lin.s: Negligible, if annoying 
Clientele: Casual dress, if a bit 
Red Onionish. You have been 
wam!:'d. 
Toilets: There was toilet paper. 
Conversation: Take throat 
lozenges. 
Notes: The lighting helps create 
the illusion of intimacy on the huge 
dance floor. Wednesday night is 
worth a visit for the good house 
track. 

ED 

Time Traveled: 15 minutes 
Address: 3125 Ocean Front 
Walk, in Pacific Beach (1l' 488-
9040) 
Ages: 2 1 and over 
Cover: Varies. Friday and Sat-
urdays are $6 
Hours: Sun.- Thurs.: II a.Ill.-
I a.m. Fri .- Sat. : II a.m.- 2 a.lll . 
Drinks: Daily specials. Mon: 
Shons & Shot night ; all shots $1 if 
wearing shons. Tues.: $1 drink 

See CLUB, H4 

~n·~/./ CONCEAT 
~fjt{,O ,,~' SEA IES 

ImGGAI: 
MAJ.:::C55A 

",II.] ii!" U 4113 j '.1 1);&11 h_ ltIHIU~ 
• MMI PRIEST • DENNIS BROWN • SHINEHEAD 
• MDREW TOSII • CARLENE DAVIS • LnTLE LENNY 
• A TEAM 8MD EmceeTOMMY COWAN tTHIS FRI. & SAT.II 

[O"e~ A.i.~ .T~e.~~~e 1 :~~ 31 J~ 1 
INDIG 

GIRLS'~ 
WITH SPECIAL GUEST 
THE ELLEN 
JAMES SOCIETY 8:0030 SUN 

JUN 



4 HIATUS 

CLUB 
Continued from H3 
night. Wed: Half-priced drinks all 
night. Thurs: Club Lipstick: Free 
entrance if wearing lipstick. (No-
tice that they fail to specify gen-
der). Sun.: $5 for 5 drinks. 

Music: Pseudo "alternative." 
91 X-type music blares to an over-
crowded dan e floor packed with 
exhibitionists. 
Line.: Up to 20 minutes. 
Clientele: Theclientelereflccts 
the not-50-progressive attitude of 
the "club." No tank top ,g- tring , 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

Just for UCSD Students! 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh , 

cooked-to-order Mex ican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LARDS· NO PRESERVATIVES· CHOLESTEROL FREE 

99 t 
BEEF 

TACOS 
Hours: 

11am·11pmdai~ 
Dine in or La Jolla Colony Plaza 

' FREEl 
I Beverage I 
I with any I L combination..J 

FREE I 
I Be.n & Chee .. I 
I Burrito I 
I with any specials I 

~r~t~m~u...J 
take out 7770 Regents Rd, (next to Vons) 453-4050 

The UC 'D Guardian 

or thong . Need we say more? 
Toilet.: The mirrors were a bit 
difficult to find through the haze of 
hairspray. 
Conve, .. tlona The room 
could not have held one more pick-
up line if it tried. 
Notes: The Red Onion's rcputa-
lion isjustified as:1 meat market-
it is al 0 referred to by many as the 
"Spread Onion." Go drunlcand with 
a number stapled onto your back. 
You won't miss anything if you 
wake up the next day with memory 
10 • 

I 

COnv ..... tlon: A bit tricky at 
times. Beware of spitting in a 
friend's ear. 
Note.: The split-level dance 
floor allows the club a larger ca-
pacity !han most olhers. Conse-
quently. the almo phere become 
aIJ the more frantic. It's i1 bit 100 
reminiscent ofthe Mission Valley 
Red Onion. is that place really a 
model for emulation? Sunday 
night, with its "cutti ng-edge of 
rock" music, is worth checking 
out. 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

COnv ..... tlon: A pleasant hum 
filled the air. 
Not •• : If you are rich and bored, 
try it. If you have any tasle then 
tayaway. Wedne day afternoon 

in Tijuana i more fun. 
C U 

Time Trav.led: 25 minute 
Add,..s: 4190 Mission Blvd. 
('If 581-3967) 
Age.: 211tOd over 
Cover: Varies by the night and 
arrival rime. Usually ranges from 
$2-$5 

C CO Hours: 8p.m.-2a.m. Lastcall 
Time Traveled: 25 minutes at 1:30 a.m. 
Addre •• : Omni Hotel , Broad- DrInk.: Specials: Mon.: $1.50 

Addr •• s: 5373 Mission Center way Circle ( 'If 239-22(0) drafts 
Road ('If 291-8635/29 1- 1185) Age.: 21 and over Tues.: $3.75 pitcher, $2 refills 
Age.: 21 and over Cover: Wednesday, $3 (Latin! Wed.: $1 drinks, Thurs. : $1.50 
COv.r: Varie ' by night and event Jazz night), Saturday, $5 (Jazz domestic beer, Sat.: $1 drinks from 
Hours: 8 p.m. - 2 a.m. night), other nights vary 7 p.m. - 10 p.m. 
Drink.: Tue day and Wednes- Noun: Mon, Tues, Wed: 4 p.m. Mu.lc: Variou theme nights 
day, all dri nks $1. - 12 a.m. Thurs. Fri. Sat: 4 p.m. - throughout the week. Live bands 
Mu.ic: Various "theme" nights 2 a.m. play on Monday and Saturday. 
occur throughout the week, rang- Dnnka: No specials. Tuesday is reggae, Thursday is 
ing from Monday's "Women Be- Music: Typically tacky stuff. rock. 
hind Bars," 10 Wednesday's 91 X Thurs. night, Kamoke night. Fri . Line.: None. 
Night , and Friday's "Classic night. 91X night (prizes, contests, CII.nt.le: Casual college/surf 
Rock:' etc.) crowd. After all, it' virtually on 
Lin.s: 10 minutes Un .. : You must be kidding. the beach. 
Clientele: The "neat" look: Clientele: Absolute yuppie hell . Toilets: Average. 
shorts, tennis shoe" clothes from Toomanysuitsandwalletsforany Conver.atlon: Get a mega-
the Gap and Limited. The only halfway reasonable person to relax phone. 
dress restriction is no tank tops and enjoy themself. Just wear Not.s: This is just another Pa-
allowed. money. cificBeachclub. Largedancefloor 
Toilets: At least it was not a Toilets: Din? Here? Begone, and a relaxed almO phere. Need 
hole in the ground. you peon. See CLUB, H5 

FAIRMAIR'S r--------------------, Nail Specials III I 
USED 501 /5 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS 

$125-$139 
(new) 

FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTI0 NAL 
RESALECLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11 10 6::n • 222-0220 

-ROUNDTRIPSI· 
NYC/D.C./IOS 
LONDON 
TOKYO 
SYDNEY 
AMSTERDAM 
MADRID 
COSTA RICA 
FRANKFURT 
COPENHAGEN 
BAU 

• IJS8III PACKAGES 

from S303 
from $520 
from S5IO 
from $129 
from $591 
from $698 
from $299 
from S669 
from SI30 
.from $910 

• EURAll PASSES I ISle CARDS 
• IStS TRAVEL tNSURANCE 
• ADVICE FROM EXl'£RTS 

~ I ACRYLIC $18 99 I 
(!!~5~ LS • J : 
Tip Overlay $24.95 I 

Fill. $12 Reg. $15 ' New clients only 
Fibergla ..... 11. with Tip. $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manic.".. & Pedicure. $15.95 
Waxl"l Slatting at 53 

Manicure. $6 • Facial. $25 Reg. $35 

I 
I 
I 
I 

NAILS BY JENNIFER MEN AND WOMEN I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

L ~Ol valid wilh any olher oHers, EIp. 8/13/91 ..I 
--------------------

We specialize in packing ... . Custom cratlDg 
& shipping small loads, • ='w' __ . tape, loam UnuI..,. boxes available • SblppDo 110m 1 to 1.000 Jl(>UDII5-
.. ..,. M"tj • IDdudIDg ovemIght deU.-y 

Phninn Bne,_ :==-:.000 
IInUJl,llllJJ . 7. to 1().4ay dell.-y 

Oprl1 'I 'J Monciay Ih:u rrlday 
1130 Wall St. (/lOll door ........ CfIIce) 

La Jolla. CA 92037 .454-96aO 

Thur day, May 30, 1991 

CLUB 
Continued from H4 
'" <' ,a} tllor '! 
• CLUB WEST 
COAST 
Time Traveled: 30 nUnUle., 
Address: :!028 11 • .IOco.:\.: 
( tr 295-3724) 
Ages: :! I and over 
Cover: one during happy hour 
(8-9 p.m.) 
Hours: Mon. and Thurs., 9 p.m.-
2 a.m.; Tues .. Fri ., and Sat.. 8 p.m.-
2 a,m,; Wed. and un ., 7 p.m.- 2 
a.m. 

Drinks: Miller (domestic and 
Becks (import) are on lap. Domes-
tic run $ 1.50 a glas , $2.25 per 
bortle. and $5.25 for a pitCher; 
import i $ 1.75 a glass. $2.50 per 
boule, and $6.25 for a pitcher. Well 
drinks are $2.75 and shnapp shots 
are $1 . There is a barbecue on the 
patio on Sundays, from 7- 9 p.m. 
with dome tic bottles only $1 ,50. 
Wednesday night, all well drinks, 
house wines. light drafts. and oft 
drinks are 50¢. 
Mu.ic: Mon. and Wed. (7- 9 
p.m.) are country western; Wed. 
(after 9 p,m.) is "Thrash" Disco; 
Thurs. is a strip-off contest; Tues., 
Fri ., Sat., and Sun. is dance remix 
heaven, with a touc h of house and 
hip-hop tossed on top. A critical 
comment. .. the OJ on Friday nights 
is one of the best at transitions and 
maintaining musical continuity. 
Line.: Busiest nights are Wed. , 
Sat. , and Sun., starting around 
10:30. Even so, patrons should 
only have to wait about 15 minutes 
to get into the club. 
Cnentele: Club West Coast 
caters primarily to men. However, 
Tues. nights is ladies night, boast-
ing the theme "Hairstyles and At-
titudes." The dress code is fair! y 
flexible, yet most clubbers were 
decked out in the J ames Dean 
(white shirt , faded jeans, dark 
pennyloafers) look. Be prepared to 
see some aesthetically perfect hu-
man beings. 
Toilets: Clean and functional. 
COnve,.atlon: A bit on the 
loud side. but the outdoor patio is 
perfect to escape the music and get 
catch your breath. 
Note.: Club West Coast has one 
of the friendliest club atmospheres 
around. The three levels help break 
upthedensecrowd,creatingasense 
of activity while preventing claus-
trophobia. Themes and decor 
change monthly. In anticipation of 
the summer, the club was filled 
with mock palm trees and hanging 
beach balls during the month of 
May. Critic's choice recommends 
that clubbers check out the go-go 
dancers on the weekends. 
• CRACKERS 
Time Traveled: 35 minutes 
Addre •• : 1845 N. Hancock St. 
( 'If 295-7636) 
Age.: 18 and over 
Cover: Depends. Usually under 
$5. 
Houn: Friday through Sunday 
nights, 9 p.m . to 5 a.m. 
Drink.: A variety offruitjuices, 
ranging in price from $1.50 to 
$2.50. 
Music: The front half of the club 
leans toward the alternative dance 
sound, with some industrial and a 
touch of hip-hop thrown in for 
variation. The back dance floor 
focuses more on heavy metal and 
thrash. 

See CLUB, H6 

The 

Loud 
ch 
ights. 

uardian 

• 

(Just What Jim Monison Had In Mind.) 
L ERlllM PRESE:-IT 

THE DOORS 
Thh b'l'r-lighl ,hO\\ Intlutb your Ell onlt' l)(x)r, nil.' Il1lludlllg 

1 1.~h/ .1/1' Flrl!. IJr('(/~' Oil 71)IYIII,!!,h ,lIld Nitf(,l~ (1// 7/1(' .\/11/'111. \\ hilL' 
klyplon :lIld argon 1:1'><:1" .lrL· ,hOI ()\ L'I'hL'.ld. PILI,. Pili!.. F!m'd\ 
"7bl! miff" i~ ~lill pl:tring REUBEN H. FLEET • 

Call2_~~· II (lI'! fill' .. h()\llillll·" . SI"""L- ~r-."lIlII". 
Thl'n lOllll' h\ B.lllxJ.1 P.lrk tonight. ~U 
It'll light your lire. THEATt:A ANO SCIENCE CENTER 

J()!~I OiSC(!f1l11 I\"ilh .\il/tic'lIl 1./) 'K)lKG8 FM 

HIATU 5 

The UCSD Summer Session first 
five-week session begins July 1 and 

e second five-week session begins 
August S. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered. Catalogs are available now. 
For your free copy, drop by the 
Summer Session Office, UCSD 
Extension Complex, Building A, 
Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 
p.m. or phone 534-4364. 

LJCSD 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFOPNIA. SAN DIEGO 

IBMTM SPECIAL YEAR-END PRICING 
FOR UCSD* 

PS/2 it! 
IBM DOS I Microsoft Windows Solutions '" IBM Academic Solutions _ 

IBM PS/:ze Model Model Model Model Model Mod.1 Mod.1 
30286 (T31) 55 SX (T61) 70 (T61) 30286 (U31) S5 SX (U31) 55 SX(W61) 70 (W6l) 

Memory 1MB 2MB 4MB 1MB 2MB 2MB 4MB 
Proceuor 80286 80386~SXN 80386 80286 80386SX 80386SX 80386 

(10 MHz) (16 MHz) (16 MHz) ( 10 MHz) (16 MHz) (16 MHz) (16 MHz) 
Fixed disk 30MB 60MB 60MB 30MB ~OMB 60MB 60MB 
drive 
Micro Ch.nne! No Yes Yes No Yes Yes Yes 
.rchllechlura-
Dlapl8y 8512 Color 8515 Color 8515 Color 8513 Color 85t3 Color 8515 Color 8515 Color 
AddllioMI • Microsoft Word ·Mcrosofl Word ·Microsoft Word 'McrO$ofl Word 
pref08ded for WindowsN for Wineows- for Windows- for WindowsN 

_Itw.r. ·hOC Windows -hOC Windows · Microsoft Excet·" ·Mcrosofl Excel'" 
Utilities-" Utilities-" 'hOC Windows ·hOC Windows 
·ZSoft ·2Soft Utilities-" Utilities-" 
SoftTypeN'" SoftType- '" ·Z5oft '25oft 

SoftType- '" SoftTypeN'" 

Order. 2481904 2481907 2481909 2481905 2481906 2481906 2481910 
PrIce $+;648 ~ ~ ~ H;34& H;349 ff;99& 
Specie! Price $1 ,250 $2,250 $3,449 $1,400 $2,149 $2,149 $3,499 

Whll •• uppll •• I ••• , .11 •• 1 ••• r. 'INlI, 'or UCSD. 

LJr=SD 
()C><">K'-~ I <>Hl UCSD BOOKSTQRE 

COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM· 4 PM 

'This offer is available to qualified coNege students, faculty and sta" who purchas,! PS/2 Selected Academic Solutions through participating campus 
ourlets or IBM 1 800 222· 7257. Prices quoted do not include sales tIIx, handing and/or processing charges. Check with your institution fflgarr:ling these 
charges. Orders are subject /0 availability. Prices are subject /0 chli/llJ{J6 and IBM may withdr_ /he offer at any time without notice. "Microsofr Word 
for Windows, Mierwoft Excel and hOC Windows Utilities are the Academic Ecltion.. '''ZSoh SoftType is the Academic Version. ®IBM, PS/2, Mcro 
Channel, PersonslSysteml2, and Proprinter are registered tflldemarks of Intemational Business Machines Corporation. Microsoft is a registered 
ITademarlc of Microsoft Corporetion. Arts & Letters is a rvg;stered ITademark of ComputfH' Support Corporation. Roland is a registered Irademarlc of 
Roland Corporation. U.S. Sallade is a registered rrademaric of Dyn_are Corporation. 1M Windows and Word for Win'*'ws are trademarics of Microsoft 
Corporation. 386 IIIId SX are trademarlcs of Inlfll Corporation, hOC Windows Utilities is a trademark 01 hOC Computer Corporation. ZSoft 50hType is a 
ITademarlc of ZSofr Corporation. Too/Book;s a trademaric of Asyme/Tix Corporation. 

- - - --



6 HIATU 

MeAT! 

TolIJl course fees: $595 
U ,(455-1000), the MCAT Review Co (456-4848), and Kaplan (277-
6744) all have prep programs in the local area. Before you plunk 
down hundred, of dolla ... for I coune, calliround And Irt the bct •. 
Registration IIllrted April 10th. CLiIlHS IIUrt July 7th. Enrollment is 
limited . For info (lOam-midnite) call: (619) 455-1000 AU. ____ 1 ____ • ___ 
r-711 JfJl::l .,I::t:l, -, III I~ 
The last GUARDIAN issue of Spring '91 will appear JUNE. 
Two·summer GUARDIAN issues will appear JULY 1 

AUGUSTS 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 30,1991 

CLUB 
Contluned from H5 
Lin •• : The efficient bouncer 
shunle the crowd through the door 
at a fairly rapid pace. Even at peak 
hours, cJubbers will only have to 
wait about five minute. 
Clientele: Cater specificall y 
to men. As for att ire. cl ub go-ers 
hould dres to impres ,otherwi e 

known a "make a fa hi on state-
ment." Casual ani re is acceptable, 
but ripped jeans are so blase. 
Toilets: Yep, Ihey have Ihem. 
They work. Enough said. 
Conversation: The middle 
ection. nOlhing more than a hall-

way, serves a a neutral zone be-
Iween the two dance floors. Chit-
chat i possible, but the vocal 
chord could be sprained. 
Notes: Crackers is a non-alco-
holic, after-hour nighlclub aimed 
to attract a younger crowd. Satur-
day is theclub·s busiesl night. wi lh 
the floors fi ll ing up around I I :30 
p.m. and continuing past 2:30 a.m . 
Sunday is ·'01 Reque t" night. 

• GERALDINE 
Time Traveled: 35 minutes 
Addre •• : 535 5th Ave, Down-
IOwn (1r 291-6543) 
Age.: 2 1 and over 
Cover: $7 before 10 p.m. wi th a 
flyer. $10 afterwa rds. 
Hours: 9 p.m. - 2 a.m. 
Drinks: Nobody come here to 
drink . 
Music: House, hip-hop, funk 
and soul. Eas ape 10 the seventies 
in the Disco lounge. Don·t expect 
any familiar ongs on the main 
dance floor. 
Lines: 20 minute at the most. 
o casional VIP line for '"beautifu l 
people'· extremely irritating. 
Clientele: Crowd is fashion-
con cious, bUI Gap or Miller's 

OUlPO t clothes will do. 
Toilets: A ce Sible but bu y. 
Converslltlon: Tables near 
Di co Lounge provide a quiet zone. 
Note.: Cover is teep but a 
"happening" atmo phere is a hit 
and mis . If Geraldine is not jump-
ing by II :30, you've lost 10 big 
ones. 

• BODIES 
Time Traveled: 40 minute 
Addre.s: 528 F Street. Down-
town (1r 236-8988) 
Age.: 2 I and over 
Cover: None, except on Friday 
and Saturdays: $3-$5 
Hou ... : 8 p.m. - 2 a.m. 
Drinks: Specials occasionally. 
Nothing amazing. 
Music: A wide variety of tas te . 
running from country western to 
blues to rocking reggae. A simple 
phone call will prevent a game of 
mu ical roulette. 
Lines: 5 minute at the mo t. 
Clientele: Mixed. Wear clothe . 
Anything will do. 
Toilets: Well , there was plenty 
10 read wh ile waiting in line. 
Conversation: No problems. 
Notes: Simon says: It's great 
fun , but reall y re tric ted by the tiny 
dance area. Hot, sweaty, and sexy. 
Be prepared to sweat formore than 
one reason. Fun atmosphere if you 
have an open mind. Not too trendy 
or hip but an extremely casua l am-
bience. 

- Introduction by Patricia 
Jettie 

- Information compiled by 
Andy Clarke, Simon Hobbs, 

Patricia Jettie, Melito 
Marcelo, Vanessa May, 

Monique Vaillencourt, and 
Caitlain Woodthorpe. 

-Photographs by Jennifer 
Kolsky. 

GRADUATING SENIORS: 
NOW LEASE A CAR WITH 

NO CREDIT HISTORY 
(and: no down payment*, no co-signer) I 

All you need is a job commitment ·and you can drive 
the car you want at affordable monthly payments. 

A special financing arrangement allows us to make this unusual offer. 

Lea ing is smart becau e there is no down payment. Autoland 's discount pricing 
will keep your payments very low. And, having a lease in your name will make 

future credit requests almost automatic. 

Chula Vista 
EI Cajon 
E ncinitas 

You can also buy a car at a savings from us_ 
Call Today 

San Diego, Mildred St. 619/543-9044 
San Diego, Min Mesa Bd . 619/457 -1898 

Rancho Bernardo 

619/425-5395 
619/588-5002 
619/632-9234 
619/485-8002 
619/569-1995 

San Diego, Som:nto Valley Rd. 619/450-9331 
Vista 619/940-6143 

San Diego, Kearny Vi lla Rd. 
For other locations, call 800/ 234·6999 

1ft! AUTOLAND .. 
,. 

Helping Grads get 
tlleir first car. 

• No down paymen t o n a icue, but the :amount required to enter into the Ie ... is the tint 
mon th '. payment, security dcpooit and r lt11 yur'. !iconIC KCI. Important rule. appty. 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

Lubricant ____ 

Hard Carbon coating 
"'-

Magnetic layer (Cobalt) 
~ 

Nickel Phosphorus 

"'-

Aluminum hard disk 

----

Computer Coding 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE HARD DRIVE 

- - -

--~------
- - --- -- - - - -~ 

-- - - ---- - --

- - - ~ -

• When data is sent to a storage device, it must first be altered into several 
different forms. First, the binary code of ones and zeroes is translated into num-
bers representing changes in the code. Every time a zero becomes a one or vice 
versa, a one is reg istered. 

• Every time a one or zero is repealed, a zero is recorded. In such a system, a 
code such as 110010 would be translated as 101011 . 

• After the binary code is altered to represent the changes, it is converted into a 
waveform, which is magnetically translated onto the disk. 

Source: Center lor Magnetic Recording Research 

Jeff Quan/Guardian 

l- TIm ScIFNCE PAGE 

• The "slider" is the 
element that reads 
or writes data onto 
the disk drive. The 
distance between 
the slider and the 
disk can be very 
small- sometimes 
less than one-
quarter the wave-
length of visible Jight. 

SCIENCE 9 

ei-
• UCSD research center studies ways to improve how 
information is recorded onto tapes and hard disks 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

Between UCSD's Price Ce nter and a building that 
flas hes vices and virtues in glowing neon is a 
scientific cente r teeming with re earchers who do 
work that affects anyone who has saved a file on a 
computer disk drive. 

The building is the Center for Magnetic Recording 
Research (CMRR), and the CMRR's researchers 
study ways of improving magnetic recording - the 
way in which information is stored on tapes and 
disks. 

[n every magnetic medium, from tandard audio 
cassette tapes and videocasettes to computer floppy 
and hard disks, magnetic particles are given positive 
or negative charges. When these charges are read at a 
later period. they can be interpreted back into 
different signals, like music or computer data. 

The CMRR, established through grants from such 
computer and data-storage companies as Eastman 
Kodak, mM, Seagate Technologies, 3M, and the 
Verbatim Corporation, specializes in computer data 
storage, especially hard disk drives. According to 
CMRR Director Sheldon Schultz, corporations 
donate funds to CMRR because they see a vital need 
for its research. 

"These companies realized that there needed to be 
more work done at the research and academic level," 
Schultz said. "You can't predict specific discoveries, 
but in general our activity has been ... very useful." 

Schultz described the work that goes on in the 

center as dealing with " pre-competitive" problems. 
public research that lays a foundation for future 
work that could be carried on in a more secretive 
manner by private companies. 

Applied Mechan ics and Engineering Sciences 
(AMES) Professor Frank Talke, a CMRR research-
e r, suggested that the CMRR was also founded in 
an attempt to retain American competitiveness in a 
speci fic e lectronic field : magnet ic recording. 

"America realized that the technology of 
magnetic recording was under attack from the 
Japanese," Talke said. "There was a danger that the 
U.S. would lose ground [in thi s area], as they had in 

. TVs, cameras, and o ther consumer electron ics. It 
was thought that students should learn about this 
technology. " 

The center's researchers have ve ry specific areas 
of study, according to Schultz. Some, like Phys ics 
Professor Ami Berkowitz and Electrical and 
Computer Engineering (ECE) Professor Neal 
Bertram, experiment with the actual magnetic 
materials that are used to record information. 

Talke and his team of graduate students work on 
problems of friction and wear between the surfaces 
of magnetic disks and the heads that read the disk 's 
infonnation. 

Another group, supervised by ECE Professor Jack 
Wolf, deals both with what happens with the informa-
tion before it is converted into positive and negative 
magnetiC orientations on disks and how those orienta-

See SCIENCE, page 10 



10 OPINION The UCSD uard ian 0, 1991 
- -----------------------------------

SCIENCE: Researchers work to improve 
t e quality of magnetic recording media 
Co ntinued from page 9 
tlOn olr ' lOn \ cite I back tnt\) u\· 
4bh: omr uh.:r dol t;! . 

One llf Ih llI,un foc.:u ... ' of 
Tal!..c: ' \ lab is the ··shda." a small 
object Ihal fl ies above the ,urface 
of it hard db!.. . hOlh reading and 
wnllng infonnat ion. 

According 10 Talke. the dis· 
tance between Ihe s lider and the 
db!.. it ~e lf b Incredibly small -

l es~ than one·quarter the wave· 
length of visi ble li ght. 

"The closer and closer [the sltd· 
cr comes) to the disk. the larger 
the ampli tude of the read·back 
Igna l," Talke said . "Our goal i 

to , tore as much information as 
po" ible on the disk at as Iowa 
co,t u, poss ible." 

l Ie explained that major teps 
have a lready been taken toward 
the goal of max imizing slo rage 
capac it y. 

" Right now, we can store up to 
100 mi ll ion bit · [12 megabytes I 
of infonnation per quare in b of 
disk space," Ta lke said . "Thi rty 
yea rs ago, we could only ~ t ore 
5.000 bils [sli ghtly more than half 
a kilobyte] per square inch." 

Radical improvements are even 
being made in smaller storage me· 
dia such as floppy di sk. 

For example, while a ' tandard 
5.25 inch floppy di sk can hold 
albout 400 kilobytes of infonna-
lion. a s imilarly-sized "Bemoulli 
Disk" used in one graduate stu-
dent 's research holds approxi-
mately 44 megabytes. 

To maximize storage capaci ty. 
wo rkers in Talke' s lab use com-
puter s imulations as well as phys-
ical experiments involving vari-
ous aspects of the interface be-
tween the slider and the disk. 

One ofTalke ' s students ex per-
iments with different-s ized lid-
ers, from one the s ize of a ladybug 
to another that could fit on the 
head of a pin . 

not her tudent uses a con-
tro lled environment to see how a 
disk 's perfonnance is affected 
when surrounded by gases such as 
nit rogen. 

One difficulty with working 
with sliders and disks is the dum-
age caused by the slider when it 
touches the di sk surface. 

Before the s lider read infor-
malion while flying above the disk. 
it must be lifted to that hovering 
point from a resting position on 
the di sk surface, Talke said. 

Damage occurs as air c urrents 
lift the slider off the rapidly-spin-
ning di sk. as the s lider lands back 
on the di k when the y tem is 
turned off, and when di sturbances 
cause the slider to touch the disk 
while in flight. 

"We 're studying the wear be-
twee n the di k and the slider on a 
microscopic level," Talke said . 
"The re are ve ry small amounts of 
damage to a di sk ... we use [elec-
tron micro copes) to look at the 
damage." 

De pite the fact that damage to 
the di k occurs on a microscopic 
scale, Schultz indicated that the 
damage still adversely affects disk 
perfonnance. 

" After a while .. . the damage 
adds up," he sajd. 

In addition to studying damage 
caused by friction between the 
!ider and the disk. Talke's lab 

studie di k surfaces for contam-
inants and roughness. Though 
di ks look smooth to the naked 

" The closer and closer [the slider 
comes] to the disk, the better the 

quality. Our goal is to store as 
much information as possible on 

the disk, 

" FRANK TALKE AMES professor, CMRR researcher 

3HHV .LIlO'W1 
p9p!S 81Q1lOQ 

)tSIOAddO',j OI:lOlW 

eye. they a re ;\ctuall y textured. 
The only thing that protect the 

di sk surface from the slider i an 
incredibly thin film of lubricant. 
The lubricant is three nanometers 
thick, meaning that only a few 
monolayers of molecules stand be-
tween the s lider and the disk s ur-
face, according to Schultz. 

He added. however, that con-
tact between the lubricant and the 

Iider is the ultimate dream of 
those working in the field of mag-
netic recording. 

Despite what seem to be the 
Talke lab ' emphas is on hard 
disks , 'ome work is also being 
done on a more familiar method 
of magnetic recording - magnet-
ic tape. 

Chris Lacey, a g raduate tu-
dent ,studying mechanical eng i-
neering. uses sophisti cated instru -
mentat ion and glass replicas o f 
the heads that read infonnat ion 
off magne tic tape in hi s research. 

Lacey looks through the glass 
heads with his microscope in or-
der to see how tapes react to dif-
ferent head shape - how close 
they get to the tape head, and what 
distortions are made due to the 

peed of the tape and the shape of 
the head. 

Neal Bertram and his s:nall 
group of graduate s tudents con-
cenlrale on t he composition of the 
disks. 

Cobalt particles in the di sk can 
be given "north" or " south" orien-
tations, which correspond to the 
ones and zeroes that make up bi-
nary computer data. 

The problems Betram's group 
works on involve noise - errors 
that corrupt the data being placed 
on disks and lapes. 

"Each particle on adiskdoesn ' t 
represent a one or a zero," Ber-
tram aid. "What happens is that 
an average orientation of the par-
ticles is read and [given a value.]" 

Bertram explained that as more 
infonnation is packed on a disk, 
the area that is sampled become 
smaller and smaller - and ' noise' 
caused by magnetic distortions 
becomes more of a factor. 

Though professor Jack Wolf is 
on sabbatical, students in his lab 
are still hard at work on finding 
ways to improve how ignals are 
coded and decoded. 

" All the other lab [at the 
CMRR] work on tape and di k 

'. 

Jeff OuanlGuardian 

media, " explained ECE graduate 
student Paul Bender. "Our group 
tends to work on coding ... [find-
ing) the be t way to write onto a 
disk and read off of it." 

The Wolf lab is packed with 
computers running various data 
compression program currently 
available for most personal com-
puters. But unlike the software 
now u ed, Wolf and hi students 
work on way to have compres-
sion of data take place within the 
disk hardware. 

In addition, some tudents are 
meawring signals from tapes and 
disks in order to fine-tune the 
mechanism that translate com-
plicated waveforms back into 
computer data. 

When data is ' ent to a storage 
device , it must be altered into sev-
eral d ifferent fonns. The binary 
code o f ones and zeroes is trans-
lated into numbers representing 
Changes in the code. After that . 
the data is converted into a wave-
fonn . The wavefonn is what is 
finally translated magnetically 
onto the disk. 

While the res t of the CMRR is 
conce rned with the mechanics of 
thedi k, Wolfs lab is theonlyone 
concemed with the computer code 
itself. 

"They work on the [magnetic] 
media out there," Bender said. 
"We try to u e tho e media in 
here . " 

Also unlike the other labs in 
the CMRR. Wolfs lab has a small 
number of undergraduates, mo t-
Iy ECE tudents, working on in-
dependent lab projects. 

As for the future, Schultz rec-
ognizes the need for more research 
but admits that the end of magnet-
ic recording research may be in 
sight. 

"There is a pnlctical, absolute 
wall [10 magnetic research]," he 
said. 

That absolute wall, according 
to Schultz, occurs when the agita-
tion caused by heat at rocm tem-
perature is enough to alter the po-
larity of magnetic grains and ruin 
data. 

"We can still improve [disk 
storage proficiency] by two or-
ders of magnitude," Schultz said. 
"There ' s definitely enough [left 
in the field] to justify research ... 
at least until the year 2000, if not 
beyond." 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Why ot Worne 's 
Studies at UCSD? 
Editor : 

This letter is written to infonn 
the UCSD commun ity of a number 
of important il>~ue and activi t ie~ 
no\ happelllng on campu in re-
gard to the Women ' Studies Pro-
gmmandthe new Women' Center. 

The Women's Studie Program 
has been growing stead ily 0" 'r lhe 
past three years. In the academic 
year 1990-91 , 2 I course were ap-
proved for the minor and 16 related 
courses (petitionable for the minor) 
were offered by the program and the 
variou depanments, with class en-
ro llments totaling 1,547. The 
Women' Studie Program has 
sponsored and co-sponsored a vari-
ety of events this year, including 
talks by Oliva Espin on femini st 
understandings of the psychologi-
cal effect of migration on Latinos: 
Bonnie Zimmennan on her new 
book on lesbian fiction , The Safe 
Sea of Women ; a video by Carroll 
Parrott Blue on Nigerian art; and a 
video by Kaucyila Brooke called 
"Dry Ki ses OnJy." This growth 
and activity has led to a greater 
visibility of women' studies at 
UCSD and the recognition among 
many students and members of the 
staff and faculty of the need for a 
stronger institutional base for the 
program. 

Thus, at the present moment, 
proposals for a major in women's 
studies and for the allocation offunds 
for a full-time, pennanent director 
are before the appropriate commit-
tees. It should be emphasized that 
most major universities in the United 
States have both a major and numer-
ous faculty positions in women's 
studies , including Columbia, 
Harvard, Stanford, the University 
of Minnesota, the University of 
Michigan, the University of Wis-
consin, Yale, and every other canl-
pus of the University of Califomia 
with an undergraduate curriculum 
(the proposal for a major at UCR is 
undergoing final approval and they 
have already been searching for a 
director this year). Undergraduate 
students and the rest of the univer-
sity community at UCSD are being 

PC 
Continued from page 5 
to express one's dissent than by 
removing "offensive" flyers. I feel 
that it was a bad judgement for 
someone 10 have done so. But was 
this an actof oppression? I think not. 

"Like a child who had his candy 
taken away," writes Mr. Bennan 
mockingly, "the self-appointed sol-
diersofPC scream oppression when-
ever they see a threat totheiragenda." 

I am struck by the irony of his 
claim. 

Would I be fair in saying, "Like 
a member of Y AF who had his 
flyers taken off the board, the self-
appointed defenders of freedom 
scream oppression whenever they 
see a threat to their agenda?" 

TI1ere is no national organiza-
tion for"Political Correctness; "there 
is no PC Manifesto. There is neither 
alist of membership nora bi-weekly 
meeting in some remote basement. 

The fact is that there is no "Big 
Person" pushing a "PC Agenda," 
here at UCSD or anywhere else, 

deprived of OpportuOilles 01\ ailable 
to anaiogou popuhlllons at other 
campu e~. M a result . a coalition 
has been fonned of student and 
s taff in upport o f the faculty 's at-
tempts to instiluti nalize women's' 
sludie here at UCSD. For infonna-
tion about how to help, contact Ihe 
Women's Re ource Center. 

The coalition also ~ upport s the 
development of a new Women's 
Center here at UCSD. The new 
Women's Center will be a separ.lle 
organi zation from the c urrent 
Women's Resource Center, with a 
separate funding base and different 
respon ibilities. The current WRC 
is an all-volunteer, student-run or-
ganization that does not, and should 
never have been expected to, fulfill 
the functions perfonned by women's 
centers on other university cam-
puses. The new Women 's Center 
will provide services to faculty and 
staff as well as students, will be run 
by a full -time, pennanent director in 
tandem with an advisory board made 
up of faculty , staff, graduate and 
undergraduate students and com-
munity members. The institution of 
the new Women's Center will bring 
UCSD more in step with what is 
routinely offered by other major 
universities. The WRC will remain 
an autonomous student-run organi-
zation. 

Pennanent funding for women's 
studies and a new Women's Center 
are long overdue. ALI other UC cam-
puses and most major universities 
have had this for a number of years 
now. II istimethatUCSDbebrought 
into line with other comparable in-
stitutions nationwide. 

Nicole Hoffman 
Stephanie Jed 

Chrisitine Oakley 
Kathryn Shevelow 

Nancy Wahlig 
Sharon Hayes 

Susie Porter 
Maggie Sale 

Funmi Kosdko 
Heather Martel 
Frances Foster 

Macarena Gomez-Barris 
Chloe Bushe 

because there is no "PC Agenda" to 
speak of. There are only groups of 
people, each with its own goals and 
programs, working for their rightful 
share of the Promised Land. 

JusticeMarshailonce wrote,"we 
must first become color conscious 
before wecan be color blind." What 
Mr. Bennan is describing are grass-
root movements of people towards 
awareness and sensitivity, notacon-
spiracy for thought control. They 
are initiated by various groups and 
individuals for their desire to be-
come "equal" members of the soci-
ety. 

What these individuals want is 
freedom; freedom to be different, 
freedom from social prejudices and 
stereotypes, freedom from the fear 
of violence, freedom fromdiscrimi-
nation ... What they are seeking is 
"the equal protection of the law." 

These women and men, in es-
sence, are the true young Ameri-
cans for freedom; one should be 
more cautious before pinning a la-
bel like "Nazi" on them. 

Ernest Lee 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

PlIM STUlGHT 
Our new method of 

relaxing penned or 
naturally curly hair. 
SaY. $20 NOWI 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 
HAIRCUTS 
Women's .............. $11 
Men's ................... $14 

Bt .... dry not inttuded 

PlIM • COLOI • HI·LITE 
$10 OFF ...... PrIce 

(NO( valid.,th any oct.n oII'rr.) 

l~ marrbr 
'~~r~~5 

A full service salon 
La Jolla Village Square 

Open.7 days, evenings too. 455·1700 

M IRA · 
MESA 

SELF 
STORAGE 

/SPECIALS! 
with student 1.0. 

Pay for 2 - Call about a 
months and get a .~,r FREE TRUCK THIRD MONTH Be DRIVER 

FREE to move you in. 
Early reservations a mustl 

ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 

[ P J1 _A MESA BLVD. ~ 7044 Aanders Drive 
behind Plaza Sorrento 

Shopping Center 

~ • N 
~ 

U 
1I111go1l<. 

U) 

~~~ 
iAGE ~ i tI STOA c :> (,) 0: 
FLANDERS ~ 

I 453-0611 
c 

_MARRO. (,) 

The Ultimate Cut! 
~ /uulYUud at a ,tutU: yr,(~ u «>uU (und 

;1,. an, O«k'latcY haa cat. ( :cf'eue1laJ 
F akly Ilai" .?1a/,htC4 at Jk<l ,,? . ~tuck. 

enls Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

w'th selected stylIsts 

"PRICES INCLUOE 
graphic cut; shampoo, conditioning 

and professional styling 

~lAi~ 
~?FliCS 

457-3334 
8843 Ville La Jolle Drive 

{«."tI III fh, {. Jolt. Villlg, Shoppmg eM'" 

I 

, 

The UCSD Guardian 

THEORY 
Continued from page 8 

Of the students who graduated 
in June 1990,95 percent said they 
would probably continue theiredu-
cation in a graduate or profess iona l 
program. 

According to Murray , UCSD's 
graduates do very well in the pur-
suit of the ir advanced degrees. 

They credit much of thi to the 
abilities they deve loped during 
their undergraduate education. he 
said . 

An important mission of the 
Uni versi ly o f Califomia is to pre-
pare the top 12.5 percent of the 
state 's undergraduate popUlatio n 
to become leaders in their re pec-
tive divisions. To achieve Ihis, ad-
ministrators believe that their stu-
dents need a solid theoretical base 
from which they can grow. 

" ) f our students are to become 
leaders, they must receive the kind 
of foundation they need to build on 
as they progre s further." said 
UCSD Academic Senate Chair 
Doug Smith. 

" It is much more important that 
have the foundation .. . than to 

learn those specific applications 
now and regret laterthat they don ' I 
have the foundation to progress 
further," he aid. 

Michele Samuel , a sales man-
agerwho graduated from UCSD in 
1988 with an economics degree, 
felt that the education she recei ved 
here provided her with skills that 
have helped her to adapt to the 
many changes that have taken place 
in her ca reer. 

"You don' t graduate wi th pmc-
tical skills. you graduate wi th con-
cepts," she said. "The educat ion I 
received at UCSD he lped me 10 
grow up and incorporate the modes 
of thought I leamed in economics 
to my future career." 

A second as pec t of the 
univers ity's miss ion is its devo-
tion to research, fo r the Uni versity 
of Cali fo rn ia is one of the nation ' 
preeminent research institut ions. 
and this has enhanced the reputa-
tion of i ts undergraduate progntms. 

Some students complain that 
ome profes ors are more inter-

ested in their own research than 
they are in leaching undergradu-
ates. 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following courses: 

, First Session (July l-August 2) 
Bio logy 101: Biochemistry 
Lit/Spanish 2A: R eadings & Composition 
Lit/Spanish 2B: R ead ings & Interpretations 
Lit/Spanish SOB: Readings in Latin 
Ame rican 
Lil/Spanish 134: Argentine Literature 

. Second Session (August S-September 6) 
Biology 13: Nutri tion 

For further information, phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534.4365. 

UCSD 
UN IVFRSII Y OF CALIFOR N IA. SAN D IFGO 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

LA SflttDflLE 
lEVA 
DECKERS 

HUARACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWNI 
LA SA"DflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SO 92109 
488-1134 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

3211 HoIIdIJ a. ( XI , 
M F II 30 b I' m Ex. 
Silt 1 4 P m w .. t 

FEATURES 11 

are, in many ways, ignored outside 
of the cia room. 

Marjorie Ca erio, UCSD' s Vice 
Chancellor of Academic Affai rs. 
acknowledged that it is unrealistic 
to expeci ihe faculty to establish 
close relations with their students 
in a large research-oriented uni-
versity . 

Because of the size of the insti-
tution, UCSD has a number of very 
large classes that do not foster SIU-
dent -faculty interaction. 

"At the lower division level. a 
re earch un iversity doesn 't offer 
the clo e mentoring that a small 
liberal arts college would. At the 
other levels. there are more oppor-
tuni ties for interaction, but studcnts 
have to make the effort to meet the 
faculty." she said. 

The university has established. 
and cont inually worked to improve, 
a g raduate sludent Teacher Assis-
tant (T A) program de igned to help 
reduce undergraduate learning to a 
more human level. 

According to Richard Auiyeh, 
Dean of Grad It ate Studies and Re-
search al UCSD, the program is 
beneficial to bolh graduate and 
undergraduate students. 

"Graduate slUdents who erve 
as TAs not onl y have the opport u-
nity to gain the experience of ap-
prentice teaching, wl1ich wi ll be 
va luable to their careers, but they 
also provide an opportunity for 
undergraduates to meet in ~ma ll 
sec tions to go over the material 
that is presented in large lecture 
halls by faculty members." he aid. 

But there are advantages to at-
tending a research-ori ented insti-
tution, like UCSD. 

"We have faculty who are more 
at the cutt ing edge of Iheir tields. 
who are involved in the develop-
ment of new ideas and di~coveries 
that wi ll be in the tex tbooks of the 
next generalion. 

"Students are in an environment 
where that di scovery is taking 
place, which is a source of stimula-
tion lhat is often lacki ng at non-
research instilUl ion ." 

In addi tion, many student s are 
g iven the opportunity to partici-
pate in that research. 

According to Smith. the ability 
to partake in these hands-on expe-
ri ences gives students a much bet-
ter understanding of thei r disci-
plines than by imply read ing about 
them in textbooks or hearing about 
them in the classroom. 

WRITERS 
Continued from page 7 
tion among writers at UCSD is the 
stigma attached to wri ting on cam-
pus. 

According to Koppel, mo t writ-
ing studenls "want a more artsy-
fartsy school like Santa Cruz or 
Berkeley. But pUlling down the 
campus is ridiculous. You can write 
anywhere in the country." 

In fact, Koppel contends that 
UCSD is a better place to write 
than at other schools beller known 
for the art . 

" It 'sa better schoolbecau ei t's 
less competiti ve. There is less pres-
sure," he said. 

Koppel al so realizes that stu-
dents must take their own initia-
tive, outside the Literature depart-
ment. "The faculty look down on 
the readings at the Grove because 
they consider it to be amateur. But 
that's where you have to start." 

According to Burke, "[Kop 
pel ' s] doing the best thing for wri t-
ingyet. The Grove is where writ ' rs 
convene and [the readings] bring 
the writers out of the woodwork." 



L2 

, ' 

The UCSD Guardian Thur day, May 30,1991 

Some so-called MCAT Courses waste a lot of time on things you don't 
need for the MCAT! Tedious review lectures on general science. Useless 
hours in class instead of in test practice. 

At Stanley H. Kaplan we don't waste your time. Our classes are test-
specific and to the point-every point you'll need to score higher on the 
MCAT. 

, 

We introduce you to the question types. We review the basic concepts 
that you'll need. And we give you more time-saving, score-improving test 
strategies than everything else combined. 

You'll practice on test-relevant questions created by our professional 
research staff, not a med student over spring break. Plus, you'll get over 
1300 pages of test-specific review notes and practice questions. 

So if you want hype, try the other guys. If you want the best score, take 
Kaplan! ! 

Register now for summer c1as es. 
UCSD, SDSU, Clairemont 

277·6744 
Call for schedules 

and registration information 

.., STANLEYH.KAPIAN 1 Take Kaplan Or Take Your Chances 
Sponsored in pan by the Special Admis ions Support Program, UCSD School of Medicine 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

FIRST 
In a three-
part series 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

As the year winds down, we pause to take 
a look back at the moments that caught 

our attention in . .. 

Six is Sweet for Women's 
Volleyball 
The Triton celebrated the 
lath ~U1niver ary of their 
11et championship \'v 'th 
their si ·th title. 
By P ter Ko 
Sport Eo, or 

\\ hen L CS D \\.oll1en · ~ v( \ b ... 11 He. J ( uaL!l 
Doug Dannevlk pauwd in the ,ummer 01 I'NO tll 
look at hl~ ro ter, he must have cnngcd. 

Ite saw a team which had lo,t the year before 
in the regionals. He saw a dyna,ty that had won 
five crowns in eight year stalting to break apart 
at the seams. 

Worse, he saw a roster with six freshmen, and 
just two players remaining from the Tritons' last 
title-winning team in 1988. The future looked 
bleak, but Dannevik did not hide behind his 
shades. 

Instead, he rubbed his hands logether, rolled 
up his leeves, and painstakingly molded a roster 
with no senior and two rookie setters into the 
Tritons' ixth national championship. 

11 /JIU]I' fI. ,. l II ~ \, ,/ "" vI 
.1('1<'/(// '''}lh f1\ II£: 1", /101/\ 

Young Tritons 
Done in by 
Northem Cold 

The way UCSD won the title was almost a 
amazing as what it won the title with. The Tritons 
avenged an early-season defeat to Washington 
University (MO) in the championship game 15-4, 
13-15,9-15, 15-8, 15-6 in a two-hour, 22-minute 
marathon in the Bears' own gym. 

i THE BUMP 
Brian Morris/Guardian 

Women's soccer overcame 
inexperience to gain a 
postseason berth, but fell 
1-0 in overtime to 
Macalester in Minnesota. 

Liz VesGllovic earned All-Toumamellf 
hOllors at the NCAA tournamellt. By Ken Perlman Staff Writer 

Even more amazing. Washington had handed 
the Tritons their only Division m loss of the year 
at the Bears' own tournament in October. 

goal as it used to be. Washington was an eye-
opener. We knew we were good, but we didn't 
know how good. We realized that Washington 
was beatable." 

After earning the top seed in the 1990 
NCAA Division ill women's occer 
tournament, the Triton traveled to 
Winona, Minnesota for their first round 
game against Macalester College in 
November, and went cold - literally. 

Ironically, it might have been that loss which 
first planted thoughts of a national championship 
in the Tritons ' collective minds. Said All-
American middle attacker Elizabeth Tan about 
the loss: "Winning [the title] was not as obvious a 

So when the Tritons advanced to the final four 
and found themselves potentially one win away 
from a rematch with the Bears, they didn ' t hesitate. 
UCSD routed SI. Benedict (MN) in the semifinal 

See W. V-BALL, Page 16 

Playing in the snow and the rain, the 
Tritons fell short in their bid to repeat as 
NCAA national champions as fourth-

See W. SOCCER, Page 17 

S(nior goalie Briall Siljantkr rt-
cordtd J 3 shu/ours 'his year. 

UCSD Can't Beat Their Wheaton 
Men's soccer failed to advance 
past the quarterfmals for the fIrst 
time in three years, losing at home 
to the Crusaders 1-0. 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

For the UCSD men's soccer team, 1990 will 
forever be remembered as the year that they were 
eliminated in the NCAA Division m Quanerfinals 
by approximately 24 human-sized Wheaties boxes 
sporting cleats. 

Not quite, but pretty close. After two consecu-
tive trips to the final four of the NCAA Division m 
National Ownpionship tournament, the Tritons 
(17-3-1) were eliminated at ~ by Wheaton 1-0 
- a team whom most observers will remember not 
for the way it played soccer. but for its traffic-
stopping, bright orange jerseys with "Wheaton" 
scrawled across the front in a manner only Bruce 

Jenner could appreciate. 
The Tritons had advanced to the quarterfinals by 

defeating CSU San Bernardino 1-0 in overtime in 
the first round of the NCAA Division m North 
Central-Far West Regional, and St. Thomas (MN) 
1-0 in the Regional final. The CSUSB game was a 
knockdown-dragout fight that Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong called "one of the worst games we've 
played." 

Still the win was the Tritons ' ninth in a row and 
their fourth consecutive shutout (14 for the year). 
They would pad that total three days later with 
their win over the Tommies. 

As if that wasn't enough in UCSD's favor, they 
also held the home-field advantage. In addition, 
when the game started, the temperature had 
reached 83 degrees, and Wheaton found itself 
outfined in sweltering, long-sleeved, 75 percent 
polyester, 25 percent cotton jerseys. 

"It was the worst coaching mistake J ever made," 
said Wheaton Head Coach Joe Bean at the time. Bean 

See M. SOCCER. Page 17 

.-

•• 



/ , 

I' 

14 CLASSIFffiDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Experience the majestic Watermelon Ouean 
Pageant on Wed .• June 5111 at Revelle caleteria 
- 8 p.m. (5130-613) 

Unaergraduate. InterestOd In thN" . ... bOni 
mos. you, chan<»- Get Involved In ~ 
GBAllli12! Theetre's 1111 productional t.leet us & 
audition TOMIOHT. 6-9 p.m .. Pra c.nter Gal-
Iary B. CIII558-8S1112 lorlnfoitimeconftict8.(5I3O) 
Have a .muIIlng Frldayl Revet .. PlIIla at noon 
on June 7th lor the WATERMELON DROPt (!>I 
30-616) 

UCSO's FACTORY OUTlET CLOTHING SAlE. 
Apparet Dnlgne, ZOne ofte .. you ~ 
0I'f'1 See the ed In thIo Issue 0' call the hoUlne 
<150-3323. Top Itylee lor l1li1 (<1129-616) 

Yeklmo J8pe_ IIeeIaurIIIII g,and openl"9 
epee.'elll Lunch sl8t1ing at 53.99. dinner start-
Ing at $0&.75 See au.l1Iian display ed lor more 
details and FRE E Susttl coupon. Close to UCSD 
in Vons shopping cent .. on Regents Rd. 452-
4255. (5113-616) 

SAVOY CHINESE RESTAURANT - lunch spe-
cials evory ~y 10' $3.95. 50% oH any second a 
I. carte dish w~h Guardiandispley ad. G,eatlood. 
tow prices. dose to campus. 495-9139. (5113-61 
6) 

Fun InlhelUn l(1~ a part oltheTRIB 105l<0r 10k 
runlwatk lor meracy on June 9 Irom Balboa Pari< 
to Embarcadero Park In downtown San Diego. 
Post·race catebration with ITea eats. drinks. music 
and prizo • . Enlry lee inctudes souveni, t·shlrt. 
Sign up nowl Call275-~0 lormorelnformalion. 
(5I2o-tl16) 

Fame and lortune as Watermelon Oueenl Appli-
cations availaDle at Revell Provost 01<:. Deadline 
IS June 3td. Pageant is on Wed .. June 5th at 
Rovelle caleteria - 8 p.m.(513·613) 
UNDERGRAUNDt Theatre's audition pool and 
Inlo sesslonl Undergraduate actors. designers. 
playwrights. tochs. tiC. Come and show us_ 
you've gotl Thursday. May 30. 6-9 p.m .. Price 
Center Gallery B. Call 558-8992. (5123-5130) 

DIEGOS SURFSIDE in Solana Beach Is backl 
UCSD night spot yes, but. nave you checked out 
their daytime salad bar? Mmm. (5128-616) 

Concan Tlckell: Morrissey. Jay Leno. Reggae 
Sunsptash. George Benson. SImple Minds. ACI 
DC. Lowesl Prices. 792-0469.(5130) 
EARTHUNGS: These tasl couple Issue. are 
ideal for placing your HOUSING ads. howeve,. 
Ifn you lorgel leel Irea to take advantage 01 our 
2 summer Issues (July 1. Aug. 2) . (51281616) 

Revel le Community Outreach will be viSi ting 
Nazareth House Convalescent Home on Tues .• 
June 4 Irom 2:30-4:30. Sogn up at Revelle Pro-
vost Office belore May 31. Come and make a 
dlHurencel (5128-5130) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl- Electrologist : t 200 to t500 hair. per 
nour. 3256 Holiday Court. Studenl Discounts. 
558·46441226-1962. (41t ·616) 
LOOK COOL THIS SUMMERII'II CUSlom hand-
paint your leans. snorts. jackets. elc. quickly and 
Inexpensively With your lavO<lte people. places. 
and things. express yoursell Wllnout having to dO 
the work! I can make your clothes look original 
and lun! Ca11578-6185 NOW to order or lor more 
Inlo. Ask lor K. T_(5I30) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal Copy. Only 
$5.95. While you walt. Xeroxes and more. Near 
St Germalns. 452·9949. (tI22·616) 
DtSSERTATION COMPLETION WORKSHOPS. 
For Inlormation call Post Graduate Group. 965· 
0426. (411 ·616) 

Awesome deals at MI,a Mesa Self Sto,eg. -
Student specials Include: get a third month FREE 
when you pay lor two or FREE truck and driver to 
mova you with reservation • . All ground lloor units 
- close to campus! 453-05t 1. (511 3-616) 

WORK AT HOME - $300·$500·$750 Each 
Week. 71 4-968-2079 Recorded Message. 24 
Hours. Call TOday l(5130) 

Word Processing: Papers. dissertations. manu· 
scripts. special projects. Lowest ,ates. Pick-up & 
delivery. Lu 234-5433. (511 6·616) 

Word Processing. 4.0 English 5I<llIs. term pa-
pers. experienced dissertations. 7 -day week, rush 
jobs 755-2683. (SlI6-611) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• AI C Servicp. $25.99' 
, Coolant Servite $25.99' 

• Transmission Service $24.99' 
• Brake Special (1 axle) $79.99' 

• most catS 

C • D Auto care 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

8680 Mlr_r Rd .• suit. C 
(beIIlnd Goodyear) 

San Dlelo, CA 92121 
(819) 118-2438 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
10 The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m_ Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m_ Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Don't wilt untit the lut minute II I Package and 
ship your things home at The Peckaglng SIOfe. 
Packaging supplies. moving boxes. custom Ctat-
Ing and packaging. Close 10 campus In La Jolla. 
454·9680. (5113-616) 
Word ProceaalnglTyping services. Professional 
qUality. reasonable. Call 566-9096. (512().5130) 

Word Processing: Term pap8fS. Resumes. o;s-
sertations. RUSH JOBS. (20 Years) A53-0656 
(leave message: promptly answerad) (5130) 

Word Processing and prolessional copy edltJng: 
term papers. d issertabons. etc. Ouick and rea· 
sonable. 7-days a _ . No caJI4 after 10 p,m. 
please. call 587·82.2. (5130-616) 
P,ofesslonal word proceSSlngllyplng servees. 
Elcellenlquahty. ,easonable rates- 566·9096. 
(5128-5130) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Experienced. 
Word Processing With edibng lor reporIt. manu-
scripts. resumes, dissertationS and tent ... Stu-
dent Rates. Modem. Laser prin ter. 9·7 Mon.- Fri. 
Weekend appointments. 753-596<1. t521 Sum-
mit Ave .. Cardlll. (5130) 

Apartments cleaned before finals. Immaculate 
lor $40_ Call lor appointment between June 1-5. 
Anthony. 792-1070. (5128-613) 
Drum La_ - Graduate studenl accepling 
one additional student Call Jonathon 552·8572. 
(5130-613) 

WANTED 
"-dCah?Wedelivert Domlno',ptzza is now 
hiring lor all positions. Management opportuni-
ties avarlable. Complete t,alnlng program. II you 
are 18 years old. havea valid drivers license. auto 
Insurance. an excellent driving record. and access 
to acar. you can: Earn UP to $1 01 hr. (total comp.) 
Enfoy the treedom of being on the rOad . war!<. 
lIeXlble nours. APPLY TOeA YI Domino's Pizza 
UCSD 32t 1 Holiday Cl 452-UCSD. Please ap-
ply after 3 p.m. (1/10-616) 

COMPUTER SOFTW ARE CONSULTANT. PIT 
AUTOCAD. NOVELL. dBASE & MUL TI""!:DtA 
AfSPLICATIONS & ALL OTHER MAJOR SOFT· 
WAR~ PROGRAMS. WE ARE SEEKING 
SKILLED INDtVIDUALS TO WORK ON HOURLY 
CONSULTING PROJECTS FOR SYSTEM IN-
STALLATIONS. TRAtNING. CONSULTING. & 
PROGRAMMING tN THE SAN OtEGO AREA, 
295-96<16 EXT. 165 (24 HRS.) (5130-613) -

Child care needed in Del Mar. Mon and Fri. 3:30-
7:00 & Sal 8-3. Start 6115. Own car. 755-6172. 
(5116-616) 

Live·in housekeeper In Oat Ma,. Help with ch,t-
dren. Private room. bath. Mature student. 259· 
9679. (5I3O-ilIa) 

FUN OUTDOOR SUMMERJOBSti PICnic People 
IS looking lor people who enjoy wOrlung with 
people at outdoor events this summer. Starting 
pay $5·6, depending on elperience. Can Ann in 
personnet, from 2-6 p.m. 587-17t 7. (5130) 

GREATSUMMERJOBI Earn $7lhron our calling 
staff. Call The Pacific Group. 563·2000. (5113-51 
30) 

ADVERTtSING. MARKETING & CUSTOMER 
SERIIICE FOR COMPUTER SYSTEM SALES. 
WE ARE SEEKING AGGRESStVE SELF 
STARTING INDIVIDUALS WITH STRONG 
COMPUTER BACKGROUND FOR IMMEDIATE 
FULL TtME EMPLOYMENT, 295-96<16 EXT. t 64 
(24 HRS.) (5130-613) 

ALASKA EIiPlOYIlENT- Fisheries. Earn 
$5000+/month. Free transportation t Room & 
Board I Over 8.000 openings. No experience nec-
essary . ..... 0< F_. For employment pro-
gram. call StUdlnt Employment Services at 1· 
206-298-3691 a>rt. 80. (51t 6-5130) 
Expenenced _obic leachers .-at Being-
Fh. Calt Lanny at 483-92904. (5123--616) 

EnthUSiastic. sail disciplined. seH motivated. 
honest. mature students to apply for poshians In 
the c-munlly Service OIIlcer Program. The 
CSO Program Is currontty filling 16 poSitions for 
FALL ,.,. Must be avllilablo lor a one year 
commHmenl Ptoue pick up application and re-
ferral from Studlent Employment Read job listing 
carefuny to ensure qualffication. All applicants 
must attend an Information 888IIon before an 
Intervi_ may be granted. Applicants should at-
tend Informatlon .... ion on Friday. May 31 at 2 
p.m. In the POlice Department Training Room. 
AppIIca~ons due no later than May 31 at 4 p.m. 
Ouestions? Calt Beth 5304-9255 M-F !t-3. (5130) 

ReslalJrant. La Jolla Shores. Is hiring kitchen! 
counter help. $5-7 per hour. No experience 
necessary. Flexible hours. Kevin 454-8038.(51 
3O-61S) 

Housa cteanersfJ3nltors. $5 pernour and upl Part 
time or full time. day or nightshi«s. no experience 
necessary. Reliable transportation. phone . good 
rel.rences. call 25&-8731. 8a.m.·Sp.m. Monday 
thru Friday. leave rnossago. (512G-616) 

Experienced. canng day .:are person wanted 20 
hours per week. Mornings. Mo~y II1ru Thurs-
day for happy . -month old Inlant In La Jolla. Good 
pay. Begin ASAP 454-5703. 534-8599. (5128-51 
30) 

Great employment opportunityl Fl , PT work. 
Great money. lIel lble hours. Need motivated 
people_ 492·8887. (5128-616) 

Roughing It Da~ Camp in S.F. Eastbay hiring lor 
summer '91 . Positions: Sports, Outdoor Adv .. 
Horseback Rid ing, Waterfront. SWim Dir .. and 
Counsefors lor boys group_ Elper. Rels. Call 
4 t 5-283-3795. (5.30) 

ATTENTtON: tnternational retail chain has sum-
mer openings. 58.20 guaranteed to start. No 
experience required. Schotarshlps awarded. 
Apply now-start anerfinals. 452-8292. (5128-61 
6) 

ORGANIC JOBSt Employment opportunities on 
organic larms, Intemships. appropriate technol-
ogy projects and moret Over 250 listings: U.S. 
and worldwkJe. Send $4 (checklM.O.) to Global 
Village. P.O. Box 12554. La Jolla. 92039. (5130-
616) 

EARN $2OIhr mOdehng for photograpny. Please 
send your name. address. phone number. recent 
pnoto (if available). and best time reached by 
phOne to: J.J .. P.O. Box 19984. San Diego. CA 
92159-0984. Relerences avarlabie. (5128-616) 

Gu ltallst wanted to comptete original alternative 
band background vocals a must. Influences 
Googoo Dolls. Pixies. Replacements. Social 
Distortion. Mark. 270-3817. (5128-5130) 

Break into broadcast television sales: Local 
SpanISh-language television station seeks intel-
logonl energetic. organized. sell-motivated per· 
son. Excellent communicabon skill, and billn· 
gual. Hou~V pay ptus inc"ntlve program. Gooat 
entry level opportunity. Send Resumes before 
June7thtoPatty 1001"8-Ave. St •. 203 Coronado. 
CA 92118. (5130-616) 

FOR SALE 
GRADUATION SAlEI WhIte I 986 Yamahl Alva 
scooter. Low mlle9. Great condition. Recentty 
servad. Nancy. 587·8285. (5128-616) 

'86 Honda Aero 50 _r. In good condition! 
runs well. $450_ 558-896<1 Aaron.(513O-613) 

Scooter- '84 Honda Aero 125 ce. Ilu1omatic. 
N_ br ...... runs weg. Must selll $A25. PatrJck 
5<1&-8530.(5130-616) 
Scooter; Honda EI~e 80 $400. Great cond~lon : 
moving; Cannondale Racing Bike $300. Joe 452-
16751534-6318.(5130-613) 

'87 Yam'" 125 Scooter. Bean well maintained. 
$950. 259-8955. Abe. (5116-5130) 

Datsun 5tO. 1969. Good condition. 2- Door Se-
dan. Asking $700 abo. Call David at 297·8457. 
(5130-616) 
Chevrolet 19n - Excetlent. sun roof. Leaving 
the country. Must sell. Less than $900. 558·2t 05. 
Marco. (5128-5130) 

vw Van (t976). loleal fo< camping. intenors In 
good condltion • .-tires. 3-year-01d engine (2000 
ce). 47.000 miles. runs great. $1900 abo. Call 
450-21 47.(5130) 

'7B Flat for sale - $1500 obo l Btue wIWhlte 
convertible top. Call Adrienne at 453-5044. (SI 
3G-616) 

85 BLACK JEEP CJ-7 LOADEDILow miles. 3-
Inch lilt kit. Snow tires. Min 272·8039. (5116-5130) 

'89 White Escort LX. 5 Dr. AC. AMlFM. Runs 
perfectfy. $5500 abo. 578·3855.(5130·616) 

'81 White Dodge Ram 501 Ptymouth Arrow Pickup 
Truck. only 59.000 miles. Bedliner Included. 
Rallable transportation In good cond~ion. Must 
seel Call 452·9575. $2000 obo. (5130-616) 
Perfect'S9 Nissan Sentra 2DR. save thousands. 
16,000 mi. ~ke naw, $5200. 693-7686. (5123-51 
30) 

Toyota Tercel. 1981. new brakes, new timing 
belt. Moving. mUSt sell, $IOOO1obo, 457 ·1575. (SI 
28-616) 

Moving Sale: Full size luton wllh pine Irame $75 
obo ; computer desk $30 obo: d rafting table $60 
Obo: wooden deck-chalrsS50 Obo; directors chairs 
$20 abo: Coffee table & end table $80 obo: large 
matching couch 575 obo: TV·table 515 obo: oak 
bookcases $20 abo; various glassware and 
crystal: lamps $10 & $20. Can now 587·9357. (51 
16-5130) 

Wooden I'eestandinglolt Twin mattress inciuded. 
Shelves below, large space lor desk. Make offer. 
457-7658. (5128-616) 

AERO 50 redlblack Jusl tuned. 53oo/obo. Wood 
desk and dresser. best offer. Jerry. 273-5250. (51 
28-613) 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

Dlnrng table set and couch In good condition. 
S551obo. White '81 Corolla. $1150. 535·9729. (51 
28-5130) 

Cal. King mattress and box springs (2 twInS). 
Moving. Must seH. $50. 457-1575. (5128-616) 

large. IndestruCtabie metal desk. lour drawe ... 
soft top. good condition $80. RIch 452·7205. (51 
30) 

Moving Sale; Twin bed. delk.1ampo. N_ Cook-
w.,. + mora. By June t 6Ih. Michel .. 259-2A96I 
E_. (5I2:HIe) 

ScIIwInn RacIng ... "World Sport" edtion. 
pIo1e Marc.! at 27~ 1980. (512().5130) 
C...nondaIe '\10 mountain _. poIiIhod frwne, 
Deore Xl ~. AT ~ pro beta. much mor.t 
$850. 273--5853. (5128-5130) 
NllhikJ moyntaln bike. 21 opeed In excellent 
condition . $35OIobo Included. New lock IW1d 
helmet. 535-9729_ (5128-5130) 

MORRtSSEY- 4 tickets (5130 Sports Ar_) 
Row 1311 On the IIoorIl $75 ea. 546-1766. (5123-
5130) 
MORRISSEY TICKETS I Xlnt logo sec. 23 and 
loge sec. 1511 $0&5 each obo. (June 3().ISports 
Arena). Call Dave or Kim at 558-8676. (5128-51 
30) 

MORRISSEY tickets !1 4 lawn seats lor Pacific 
Ampilheatre. Sold outi $A5 abo. (819)<157-5236. 
Leave message. (5128-5130) 

Grateful Dead IIoor se., 6-1 at L.A. Coliseum: 
sell or trade for ACIDC. 225-8759. (5128-5130) 

Concert Trekets- Reggae Sunsplash. Steel 
Pulsel SpeCial Beat. Mo rrissey. AC/DC . 

Humphre~s.lncluding Jay Leno. Michael Hedges. 
George Carlin. and many others. Excellent seats. 
great prices. 792-0<169.(5123-5130) 

Keyboard - Korg 05-8 seml·professional. SOO-
S Midi ,ecorder. pedals, stand. moret $1 .200 abo. 
Jason. 558·2336. (5128·5130) 

Surfboard-brand new S·O-thruster. Used once. 
$2OO0bo_ Wetsults too. Darren. 793·0273_ (5128· 
616) 

Surfboards - new 6". Breake(s team board 
w~hastrodeck. 5215: 6'3' Hank Warner trt. $125: 
6'2' Reardon. $150: 6". Linden. $160. 2 blocks 
Irom campus. Negotiation possible. Wendy. 457· 
4323. (5128-5130) 
S'S· Wav.tool surfboard. $175. Used large men'. 
wetsuit $50. Call Matt. 792-9573. (5128-5130) 
Surfboard. widened 6'10 Trl-Fin. Great board 
$80. 558-8964 Aaron. (5130-613) 

Diving Gauges - SherwoOd console Includes 
depth. psi. compass . electronic bottom timer. 
$120. 558·8964 Aaron. (5130-613) 

Mac 5 t 2 w/ 4ook ext. drive. $200. Image Writer II. 
$150. Calt Peter. 534-2206. (5128-613) 

,. 
4688 Convoy 51. 

Kearny Mesa 
57~2 

13 
32nd & MalO 
San Diego 
~31·9083 

t2 
laco B Rosecrans 

Pt. Lorna 
225-0279 

11 
3443 UnIVersity 

North Park 
280-9883 

• We ba. every comic 
• Games ': Cards 
• WB offer ~. ee Discounts 
• In store subscription service 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

DON 
CARLOS 

1ICO ~ ..... P 

ClI11-800·WIIAT NOW 

Mexican 
Food 
& Sea 
Food 

737 Pear) St., Suite U3, La Jolla 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

M-Th 9 am-ll pm; Fri.-Set. 9 am-2 am 
Sun. 10:30 am-10:30 pm 
(619) 458·0462 

FINALS 

89. 
per week 

SPECIAL 
~ 

Auto Accident 

CO?YTEX 
50 ""."" 0." A lLIV 

.. u_ ............. .. _J 
.." Dtett. CA .121 

1(J of+: •• " ft,,~ ldd 

Desktop Publishing 
• Technical papers and theses 

• Repor1s 
• Resumes 

High Qu.lIly Copying 
• Manuals 
• Documents 

Grapllic services • 0IIset printing 
Bindery serivces 

Thursday, May 30, 1991 

Mac C compller-THINK C (iatesl version: angi-
nal disks and manuals). $120 abo. Doug. 454-
5436. (5130-616) 

Paper and beaded earrings. Barrettes too. Inno-
vative designs and shapes. Prtces starts at $5. 
Calt Marilyn 436·1152. Endnitas Artist (5130-61 
6) 

HOUSING 
Ahoy there IIIIIle .... ·ve gola ,oom for you In 
comlortabte 3 bedroom/3 bath Encin itas 
lownhome Masterbedroom with own fireplace. 
patio and bath availabie nowt Amenities include 
taundry. garage. dishwasher and ocean viewl 
Only $45OJmonlh to live in great place wrth tun 
roommates . Call 944-6330. (5123·616) 

Want to make money while you are out 01 town 
this summer? Renl your house. apartment or 
part thereol to responsible law students who will 
be clerking at Seltzer Caplan Wilkins and 
McMahon In San Diego. Please call Maria MacIas 
at 294·2801 . e.tensJon 135 for lu~her inlorma-
tion. (411-613) 

AM ROOMMATE HOTLINE 2<1HR INFO SER-
VICE. Fordetaitsandto Iisttree- 527-4045. To 
get lislings dial l -9OQ·844·NITE (6483 ).(512-616) 

Four bedroom townhouse fa, rent 5 miles from 
campus. $3501monthiroom. Utit~les Inctuded. 
457·0295.(519-616) 

Want to live In Hillcrest? Room for rent in groovy 
housel Washer. smaH yard. close to shuHle, 
super-central. water paid: $325 a month (S3oo 

Depos~) . Calt 295-2225 Evenings.(519·616) 

Roommate needed In a 2-story. 3BD condo oN 01 
Carmat Yalley Road (611). All amenities -
washer/dryer. dishwasher. fireplace. pooIIjacuzZi. 
patio. No deposit or lastl $3251monlh plus 1/4 
utilities. No smokers. Preler neat and clean. Calt 
Tessie at 481 -8650. (519-5130 ) 

Room in P .BJL.a Jolla for summer. 11 weeks 
(June 28- Sept 14) lor $1050 (95 per week) 
including utitities. Close to beach. bus. stores. 
Large house wnaundry . Ric 488-9905. (Sl16-61 
6) 

2 Single rooms in Univ. City available 6116. 
laundry, pool. $3251mo Summer Sublet. Anne 
552·1357. (5/16-5130) 

Univ CHy 3 Bdrm 1 112 Bath close to campus, 
pool.washer/dryer.canyon lliew$llOO1mo. 558· 
2670. (5116-5130) 

Roommale wanted - singla room $316.671 
month plus 113 utilities. Non-smoker, Clairemont, 
available 611. dog/cat. 270-7463. (5120-5130) 
2 large rooms for rent over the summer and one 
lor Fall in spacious condo next to UTC. OWn 
bathroom. patio. walk·in closet. pool and carport 
lor $350 per month lor each room. Call 558-6 768 
and ask lor Gloria or Young. (512G-5130) 

$1150. 3lledrooms. 7933 Camino Glorlta, laun· 
dry dishwasher. garage. 3-4 persons. availabta 
Sept . 1. 757·4268. (5120-5130) 

Crickets at night. sunny window in Ihe morning. 
view 01 the canyon ... $300 monthly (share $150 
x 2) . Own big room. huge closet. lurnished. pool 
In comple •• carport, grounds keeping. 5 minutes 
to UCSD. available now. CALL IMMEDIATELY. 
Eric. 452-9407. (5120·616) 

Three rooms available i n lour bedroom 
townhouse. Threa bathrooms . washer/dryer. 
dishwasher. microwave. garage. and swimming 
pool. Walk to SChool. Nearbus stop. Available In 
mid· early September. S35O/roomimonth plus 1/ 
4 util~ies . No water lees. 1 month deposit. Call 
457-0304. (512O-616) 

Summer rental (or longer); 3 bedroom condo 
near UCSD. nice and roomy. $1150/month. call 
558-6368. (5120·616) 

Condo lor rent. Avail 6116. near lions. 3BR12 
Bath. Pool. $1050. Call 452-7567. (5120-613) 

Looking lor a placetotlve next year? Ptan ahead l 
I need a famale roommate to share a two bed-
,oomtuxuryoondo.dosetocampus.Poo1I')8CUzZi. 
washer/dryer. dishwasher. plus much morel 1450 
per monlh plus 112 utilities. Available 911 . Call 
Kristine. 558-4724. (5/2().5!30) 

Share a two bedroom. two bath apt . Available 
only lor July and August. Pool. jacuui. Nea, 
UTC.AM lor onty $o&OOImonth. Female preferred. 
CaH 457-<1S12. (5120·613) 

2-3 roommates needed to share 4 bedroom 
house foraummer only . Contact Eugene at 457-
306A or Jim at 558-2469 If Interested and _'0 

~ve you more details. (5123-616) 
Sublet available, July t to September 15: two 
bedroom fumished as one-bedroom willudy. wi 
covered parlUng. Near H~lcrest . $55O/mth. Call 
Stephen 294-90412.(5123·5130) 

Male roommate wanted . La Regencia. $0&60 utit 
incl. Own bedroomlbathroom. Top IIoor. Pool. 
jacuui. racquel and fitness center. Kevin. 450-
6919. (5128-613) 
Del Mar 1 Bdil Sa Condo. $750/mo. Pool. jacuzzi. 
sauna. tennis. lakas. Avail 6130. Phylis: 456-
38n. (5123-613) 

Part·time child care (boy. 10) for room. board • 
$50 minimum _kIy salary. use 01 car. Week-
ends, some evenings: no daytime hou .. on 
weekdays. Available Seplembof. Female non-
smoker. Del Ma,. 481-6115.(5128-616) 

Master bedroom lor 2 females (share) In 3 bed! 
2.5 bath LJ townhouae. 1.5 miles from cam--
poe- 0/1 GIlman. Garage! Laundry/ Pool. QuieI 
complex, dose 10 W ViHage Square. No ,mak-
Ing/no pets. $~month each (Sept . .June) + 11 
4 utilities. Deposit InJune.Jennife,450-29n .(51 
23·613) 

EARTHLINGS: These laSI couple Issues are 
Ideal for placing your HOUSING ads. however. 
Ifn you forget. leellree to take advantage 01 our 
2 .ummer issues (Julyl . Aug. 2). (5128·616) 

Seeking 2 temales to be 4th and 5th housemates 
in La Jolla mansion near UC.SD. Staning Fall 
t991 . Uving environment Is relaxed yet outgo-
Ing/exciting. Cost.: 5350-$400 lor own rooml 
Interested? Call 450-5026. (5128·6I'l) 

Room In La Jolla tor summer. 5 minutes Irom 
campus - off Gilman Dr, Single room In nice 
condo. Dishwasher. lireplace. pooI1spa. Asking 
$3001mo. Call Amy at 587-8145 ASAP. (5128-61 
6) 

La JoUa colony condo: 2M or 2F wanted to share 
large master bedroom. Fully lurnished - in-
cludes utllitiesl Private balcony. large walk·in 
doset. washer/dryer. VCR. privalegarage. pool! 
jaCuzzi . Gradlme<IIIJpper-dlviSion students prE>-
lened. $3501person. Call Ashley. 587.()143. leave 
message. (5128-616) 
Summer rental, 2 roommates share 1 huge 
room. 1 mile to campus. close to Ralphs. Ga· 
rage, pool. hoi tUb. washer/dryer. Maleor lemale. 
Call Chris or Barry. 453-5029. $650. (5128-616) 

UTC NEARYONS. Own room, wid. pool. $3tS.67 
plus 113 utilities. Available 5123191 thnu 8125191. 
Call 558- t 063. (5128-616 ) 

DEl MAR. ~. Male to snare room. Neat. 
dependable. Alex. 792-7480. (5128-1>130) 

Single ,oom lor rent in 3 Bd apartment. $3301 
month during the summer. Close to campus. 
Cail587-4976. ask lor Jeff. (5128'6!6) 

Summe, room lor rent. $250 plus 1/4 utilities. 
Furnished ClaJremont house. close to campus. 
483-4105. Jen. (5128-5130) 

Female roommate wanted to share furnished 
(negotiable) master bedroom with balcony. UTe 
near Vans and bus line. AvailabteJuly 1 to Sopt 
1. $278.50 plus 1/4 util. Kathy. 457·0131 . (5128-
613) 
Summer roommates wanted tor lumished 4 bed-
room townhouse near Scripps Hospital . 2 rooms 
available. Share master lor $250 or rent own 
room for $350. Available mid-Junethru mid-Sop. 
Call Roy. 452-8836. (5128-5130) 

Roommates to share master bedroom with bath. 
Near Costa Verde. near busline. liraplace. pool . 
and washertdryer. Three levet condo. $287.501 
month plus 1/4 utilities. Call Roxanne. 558-2350. 
(5128-6/3) 

La Jolla/UCSD. Roomltarge balcony In spacious 
lamily condo. Private balh. All amenities. Pool . 
tennis. Nonsmoker. $350 plus 114 utilities. Avail· 
able June 15. 455-9809. (5128-5130) 

Univ City townhome lor rent. 3 bedroom. 1.5 
balhroom. Washer/dryer. summer/year Ie .... 
$ll00/mo . 535-9729. (5128·5130) 

SUMMER. 2 rooms in a townhouse just oN 
campus. Rent one or both. Pool. laundry • plenty 
01 parl<lng. Each room $380 plus 1/3 utilities. Ask 
lor Dave. 558·8n9. (5128·613 ) 
3 roommateswanted(M/F)1I Ownlurnished room 
In spacious two story townhouse 15 mIn Irom 
UCSD. In-house washer/dryer. cable TV. pool! 
jacuzzi. plus other amenities I Neat person is 
preferred. Very comlortable living In retaxed 
atmosphere.$300/month. no utilities. Call St8V9 
at 271-6811 . (5128-616) 

Roommates wanted to share nice LJ condo - 2 
pools. laundry. parlling. close to bus lines. Own 
room. 5365; share room , $325. Mid-June thru 
mid-Sept. Karen. 587-0858. (5126-616) 

Two non-smoking iemales wanted to share targe 
master bedroom with own bath in a three bed· 
room condo near UCSD. Available lor summer 
andlo, SChool year. $250 plus 1/4 utilities eaCh. 
Call Karen aI558·1471. (5128-616) 

Wanted : non-smoking lemale to share master 
bedroom June 16-Sept. 15(approx). NearUCSD. 
on bus line. washer/dryer. garage. cable. pool. 
spa. $3201mo. ptus 113 utit~les. Call 546-0140. 
leave message. (5I28'6I6) 

Want"d ; non-smoklng female/male to sublet fur· 
nished room In condo near UCSD. Washer/ 
dryer. garage. cable. pool. spa. $36OImo plus 11 
J utilities. Available June 16·Sept. 15 (approx). 
Cal! 546--0140. leave message. (5128-616) 

Summe, room lor rent. Located off Regents 
Road and Arriba. S2751month. Call Geraldo. 
558·2116. (5128·616) 

Roommate need9d:Own roomin4 BrUC Condo. 
Wast-lOryer. cable. pocI table. Needed through 
August . Call Mike or NJck 558·0471 .(5/23-5130) 

Female roommate wanted to share beautlfut 
new Del martownhome. Masterbodroom. pool! 
gym and garage. $525 per month (negotiable) 
plus 112 util~ies. Calt Rich 9·6 at 546-1275. (51 
28-616) 

Roommatewanted. Own room In Solana Beach. 
Walk to ocean. Available August 1. Call 755· 
6520.(5130-616) 

Single room for summer sublel- University City. 
S330imo. plus 113 utilkles. Marc 0< Alec. 535-
1679.(5130-616) 

One Room In UTC areal Summer rentall $350/ 
tarvt lingle bedroom In fully lurnlalloeJ condo. 
.57'()976. (5130·616) 

Single room tor rant. Ge.- HighlandS near 
UCSD. $300 a month + 114 utilities. No dIeposIt 
necessary. Available mid-June. 587·8910. (51 
30-616) 
ROOM WANTEDI Ouiet. non-smoker looking 
10< a room lor next fall (Sept- June 92). Near 0< 
biking distance 10 UCSD. Call MIle 558-763 t .(51 
30) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Need housing for 151 summer session? Female 
roommate needed In 2 Bdrm apt lor own room 
and bath with walk-In ctoset. Only 5 min lrom 
UCSD. lncJudes use 01 pool. Gym, and Garaged 
parking. Avarlabia Jun 1· Aug 5. $345 ~ 113 
utilities. Call 558-0625 ask lor linda. (5130) 

2 rooms 10< rent ,n 4 Bd. 2 Ba house In N. 
Ctalremont. All amanitles. great yard. only $3501 
mo. 565-8538 avail. now.(5I30-6/6) 

Room lor rent- $3001month, newly rLmOdated 
condo, starting summer. Call ASAP 453·1425. 
(513G-616) 

Room in 2 bedroom La JOlla house. Single $4001 
coupleS3oo each. Tina 558-71 07. 457-n24 .(51 
30) 

Del Mar. Fumished, 3 8rl2.5 Ba. Lg master Br 
available (summer) 61t9·9/19191 $425 • De· 
posit. I Br available 61t/91 $360 + Depo~ . No 
pets . Responsible. clean. considerate non 
smoker. Students prelerred. Tennis. Sauna. 792· 
5698 Wendy. (5130) 

3rd Male needed to share fully-Iurnished condo 
with garage storage. pool, jacuzzi. in La Jolla 
Terrace on GilmarVEvening Way. 112 mite Irom 
UCSD. prelerably June t 9- September 20 or 
25th. No smoking ... drugs ... pets. Share mastar 
bedroom al S250/mo + 1I3utihties. 558-0942. (SI 
30-616) 

Two 3 bedroom COndo. laundry. garage. 3-4 
persons. $11501mo. Available 9/1. $12OO1mo 
available 9115. 757-4268.(5130-616) 
Large • Bd house lor rent- 2 stories. private 
pool & Jacuzzi: near all. University City $2000. 
459-2935.(5130) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found 5116: Mad,son High School class ring 
1987. Calt to iolenhly. Andrea. 688-8444. (5128-
613) 

Lost : Los Al tos High School class ring. 1989-90. 
Eagle and wrestler emblems on sides. REWARD 
558-2318. (5128-5130) 

Lost: blue General Store spiral notebook. Last 
seen MUIr or Third COllege area II hall6 any 
knowiegeorinformallononpossiblewhefeabruls 
please call 558-9065. Extremety important. (51 
28-5130) 

Found: Wooden "'e (plccolo)- 534-3181 . (SI 
30-6/6) 

Lost: Keys With Sw,ss Army knlle. Lost on MUir 
Field , Apnl . Reward . Wayne. 587-8798. (5128-51 
30) 

PERSONALS 
Need cash? We buy CDs. tapes. videos. Music 
trader 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469. (4/22-616) 

UCSD's FACTORY OUTlET CLOTHtNG SALE. 
Apparel Designer Zone olfers you 50""'90% 
OFF I See the ad in this issue or call the hotline 
450-3323, Top styles lor lessl (4129-616) 

Ride lor Rotary. 1 212S15O miles Bike ride with the 
Rotaract Club 01 WUCSD along scenic hills on 
June 2. Get Iree shirt & Rollercoaster ride. Call 
558-Snt . (5123·5130) 

Diegos Surtslde in Solana Beach is back I UCSD 
night spot yes. but have you checked out their 
daytime salad bar? Mmm. (5128-616) 

EAATHUNGS: These last couple issues are 
Ideal for piacing your HOUSING ads. however. 
It'n you lorget. leet Iree to take advantage 01 our 
2 summer Issues (Jutyl , Aug . 2). (5128·616) 

liz Vaness. How hammered did you get? How 
many - - .? Happy 2t Uz. I'm so happy you're 
around and lIovelittte. cold hands. Love Michael 
& the Gang.(5130) 

Aylng toS.F.June 15? I nave an e.tratix . Must 
sell . 529. Juliana 270-3724.(5130-616) 

Sig Kaps- Our spirit shined throughout Greek 
Week and led us to victoryl You guys are awa-
somel We love youl- Love AJ,sa and Al ice.(51 
30) 

mko~e 
the copy center 

Latolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 
Paclftc Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

SELF-STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

STUDEI'IT 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (first four months) 

• PLUS 50% OFF first 
month's rent 

• PLUS FREE limited use of 
our truck for move-in 
(subject to availability) 

• All sizes available 

SPECIALS 

• Bank cards accepted 
• Secure gate access 
• TV monitoring 
• OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., 

7 days a week 
• Close to UCSD 
• Reserve early,& avoid 

lAST DAY RUSH! 

AUTO PORT MAll MIRAMAR 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
exclusively \fN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'MuSl present coupon and valid UC50 10 01 time 01 c,lmOle 
Not \foltd With mo;a engine or transmISSIon repairs 

i 1 450:9494ID~~ 
.& - • '''''''''''' ''<1 

If You Have Friends with vW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References_ 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

GET OUTTA TOWN! 
MO~ BOXESI 

~ "I'm Outta Nff/) 
' 'I'M DUTTA 

HERE" 

Located at 
The Boxworks 

UTC Moll 
4305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to Carlos Murphy 's) 
(619) 453-9993 
'One li ttle coil Will do jl all 

Here" 
Student Special 

only $3995 
Share or split wilh a friend 

Shipping Experts 
• Stereos • TVs 
• Speakers • Computers 
e Anything- Anywhere! 
Pick Up Service Available 

C.O.D. or Direct 
(Mom & Dod Can Pay) 

, V!S" I 



., 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ; 
Rules and Regulation: 

·S.,.,1>nlE E>tTRyl>" "" 8 I/r IY II " 'HUT 01' 
''''I'D. AU) \UTH 'I()l R NAM[, YEA' ..... \OtOOl, 
Ito"":IO'oIIt1"l,COlJ.EGIi YOO A'JT1J'.DAT UC D. \ IAKMt. 
AfoIoD "10'[ .... L~B[R ro~ SPOATS Earn,.. , UC 0 
GL"OI'~' 9500 G,L"'" Oo'Y£ 0316. LA Jou. •. 
CA 92093·0~16. You <A' AU() OO"fO 'HIO' "'HE 
Sfi'OMn f~'s lOX AT THf GlA,kDIAN OJ.l-lC'l. 

"TID f TIff STVt>£"It' {WT£Jt, ACR01$ (yO'" THF 

· All UCSD 'ITlIIXNTS, U"f--""f. A. ... u FAr,', n 
All .. fLKllRL Ii TOIN1£k, t-XCEYT RlM: Gl' AkDI" .... '(TAft 
ltll:.MIIJtSAhDull'\.OnL501 OJ 's HIeA(.() P I£..l£J!.IA 

·TIIE f'CA.SON "" ItO COMES lft 'Ill ml TIlE MUST 
CORREll ANS'AUS. AS OfITUMI."Im IY nu: JUOOU. 

~lL.l 8£ D£CLAMW TIl 0".\,,0 PtUU 'A , ... ""[. It.;'O 
'ttrlU. a !tEe 'IZ.ED "'HOI 11' Ql;IZ IS PMI"fTf O nit 
fOU.O,*l , o,*UI(. I"JT11 l.\(NTOt "Tlf~ADR"'t\r,.IO 
""ILl 8E HELD TO Ot.,.-utMt'E TH 'Ill ~ U. Tuo E 
CORRECT EN'fR1ES MIT U-ln'[D A.$ nfE GRAND ... 11.£ 
,*u."'UC "Ill. B CO"" lDEJU]) M f'i'[JtS·lr . 

-<>"lY O'E L"ITRY J'lR puS()f'i ~ (X'I!. No 
\011\ s·r.OOl.<tJ) lNTltlts V.IU II;. Acn M"lJ), e,...,."lts 
MLST MEATntE GuAlOtAN lor NOON WF..DfoIESOAV. 

-TifF: c;RA. ... D "uzs WI1'o EK WUJ.. UC'ElVS II AlEE 
Olfol-.JU FO" TWO AT OJ's CIlICAOO I'IUUIA. 
R UNNERS·UP WILL RECEI VE II rtEIi "TCHEa Of' 
MICH[WR Du,pt" 8(F:R, OIlSOOA, III n1'S,LOCATED 

GET IN 
our final two lues. MonJ.l)', 
June 3 ~nd Thursday, June 6 

all 534-3466 now. 

(ill(/I dlllll ADVERTISING 

,~LAJOl.I.A VIU.A • S<J\ 'Altr. A UST<JI'A1J. "'''"''us 
.... ru. 1"- POSTED AT 81's f.A('U ~u.x """0 Vrltoo' W 
'Em ro SHoW fOC~11fl('All()N TO ClAIM rttlZ(.) . 
This week's questions: 
I. Who i the Baltimore Oriole . 
new manager? 
2. What i the masco t for 
Barcelona' WLAF team . 
3. Who won the 1991 tan ley 
Cup? 
4. True or False: The Delroil 
Pistons have won three COil ecutive 
NBAtitle ' . 
5. What is the native country of 
Vlade Divac? 
6. Which major league pitcher 
pit hed hi fir..t game 10 13 mOnlhs 
on May 29? 
7. Who won the 1991 Indy 5 ? 
8. Ilow many Andrenis raced in 
the 1991 Indianapoli s 500? 
9. Who was the Dodger' 
manager before Tommy La orda? 
10. Which fal1 spon at UCSD won 
a national champi n hip? 
Last week' que tions: 
1. A ofMay22.whowasleading 
the American League in baning? 
Wally Joyner 
2. Who won the I -91 NBA 
Most Valuable Player award? 
Michael Jordan 
3. What did SD's Bob Knee 

The U SD Guardian 

hootinthefi~troundofthc CAA 
Divi sio n III national go lf 
champion hips? 76 
4. What il> the Padres ' regular 
radio broad asting team? J erry 
Coleman and Rick Monday 
5. Where are the 1991 CAA 
Divi \ ion 111 national track 
championships being held? Berea, 
Ohio 
6. Who wa . named the 1990-91 
NBA Defensive Playerofthe Year? 
Denni Rodman 
7. What manager was recently 
fired by the Chicago ubs? Don 
Zimmer 
8. AsofMay22. who was leading 
the ational League in homerun ? 
Fred McGriff and Kevin Mitchell 
9. Which team recently signed 
pitcher Fernando Valenzuela to a 
one-year contrac t? alifornia 
Angels 
LO. True or Fal e: UCSD' Robyn 
lnaba lo ' t in the fir t round of this 
year' Divi ion III national 
champion hips. False 
Last week' winner: 

athy Houdek, Revelle, junior, 
Psychology - Phoenix, AZ 
Runner -up: 
List of 10 posted at BI's 

w. V-BALL 
Continued from page 13 
15-6, 15-6, 15-9, and left Wash-
ington to keep up it end of the 
bargain. The Bears didn't disap-
point, notching a 15-4. 15-12, 14-
16, 15-5 win over Juniata in th.! 
other emifinal. 

So the showdown wa et with 
Ihe defending national cham pion 
Bears in one comer and the young, 
ups tan Tritons in the other. This 
time, however, youth didn't fold . 
De pite playing before 3,400 
creaming. hostile fan and falling 

behind 4-1 in the first game, the 
Tritons held strong, ripping off 14 
stmight points en route to a 15-4 
viclOry. 

U 0 kept the momentum roil-
ing in the second game. racing 10 a 
9-4 lead. But then the Tritons went 
cold. Frigid in fact. For one of the 
few time thi year, the Triton . 
youth howed. First. they watched 
helplessly as the Bears surged pa t 
them to take game two. Then they 
stood aside as the Bears raced to a 
15-9 third game win. 

Suddenly, W aShington was one 
game away from winning back- to-
back titles , and UCS D was experi-

Thill" day, May 30 1991 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Team captain Elizabeth Tan 

encing some b~ck problems of its 
own - the TrilOns' backs were 
flat up again t the wall and in dan-
ger of fall ing through . 

But the team that was too young 
to know any better never gave up. 
Behind ophomore Liz Vesanovic 
and freshman Amy Banachowski , 
the Tritons mllied in the final two 
games to pick up the wi n and the 
crown. 

Said Dannevik afterward: " It 
was the best game I've ever been a 
part of as a coach." 

Y ourLastChance 
for a 

NeXT summer! 

ItS true! If you're a graduating senior, right now is your last chance to 
buy the world's best computer at UCSD bookstore prices. You can take 
one home (with a BIG disk) from your bookstore for $3995. That's a 
$5995 value. It just might be the best investment of Y6ur college career. 

Be sure to ask about the special software promotion and laser printer incentives too! 

Thursday, May 30,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Cross Country Runs on Empty 
By L.a Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Ah, what might have been. 
Going into the NCAA Division 

ill na tional cross country meet, 
UCSD Head Coach Marte Stan-
forth was predicting thatlhe men's 
squad would finish in the top 15 
teams and that the Tritons' lone 
women's representative-Denise 
McFayden - was destined to be 
an All-American. 

But something funny must have 
happened on the way to Grinell , 
Iowa, as the UCSD men could fare 
no better than 20th out of 21 par-
ticipants and McFayden finished 
43rd in a time of 18:53 over the 
eight-kilometer course. 

On the men's side, the Tritons' 
frustration at the national meet was 
merely a microcosm of how the 
squad perfonned all season long. 
According to Stanforth, "We were 
always capable of doing better but 
we would never get it done." 

Stanforth, however, was quick 
to point out that all the blame should 
not fallon the shoulders of his 
athletes. "I didn't get the best out 
of a highly-talented group of run-
ners," he said. "I didn't prepare 
them to run a [mentally] good 
race .... I'll have to reevaluate our 
methods of preparation." 

The men's squad was led by 
Stefan Wynn in 88th place, fol-
lowed by Mike Fox (90th), Steve 

M.SOCCER 
Continued from page 13 
took responsibility for forgetting 
to pack the team's short-sleeved 
jerseys after the Crusaders' 4-2 
Soulh-Central Regional win over 
MacMurray in ice-cold, 40 degree 
temperatures. 

The quarterfinal match, how-
ever, fell short of expectations. For 
the majority of the game, UCSD 
dominated on both ends of the field. 
The Tritons had numerous oppor-
tunities to score and dominated the 
time of possession. But it was the 
Crusaders who found the net for 
the game's only goal- a shot by 
mid fielder David Anthony off an 
assist from Phil Wolf that slipped 
past UCSD goalie Brian Siljander 
with 15:38 remaining in the first 
half. 

Brien MorrlalGuardian 
Denise McFayden 

Stuart (14Ist), Sam Gwynn 
(l45th), and Eric Kinney (l5Ist). 

Perhaps the UCSD men should 
have seen the writing on the waU, 
as they barely squeaked into na-
tionals despite being virtually as-
sured of a berth in the West Re-
gional meet on Nov. 10 at San 
Dimas. Unlike past seasons -
where only one Western represen-
tative was given an automatic spot 
in the national meet - the West 
received two berths. 

The West's top squad, Occi-
dental, was definitely going to 
Grinnell while UCSD - accord-
ing 10 Stanforth - would receive 
tinle challenge in wrapping up the 
second SIOL 

But, once again, things didn't 
quite go like they were supposed 

10, as the Tritons escaped by the 
kin oftheircollective teeth, barely 

edging out third-place Whinier by 
a mere eight points. 

The women's year was a bit 
more satisfying for Stanfonh, as 
the squad s teadily improved 
throughout the season, ending the 
year with a very strong second-
place finish to 17th-ranked Occi-
dental at the regionals. Unfonu-
nately for the women, the NCAA 
was only taking one representative 
from the West on the women's 
side, so the only reward they got 
for coming in second wa personal 
satisfaction. 

"There's no doubt in my mind 
thai we had a much better 
[women's) team this season," 
Stanforth said. "But, even so, I 
don't think there was any way we 
were going to beat Occidental." 

McFayden did qualify for na-
tionals on the strength of placing in 
the top Ihree non-Occidental fin-
ishers at regionals. BUI, as men-
tioned above, McFayden fell flat at 
nationals, placing 43rd as a result 
of tiring at the end of that race. 

"Denise ran well the first two 
miles [at nationals], but she faded 
in the last half-mile," Stanforth 
said. "If the race had ended after 
two miles, she would have been an 
All-American [on the strength of 
being among the top 25 finish-
ers]." 

Brian 

It was one of just three shots on 
goal by Wheaton, but it was the 
one that counted. 

Mike Gerhardt tied for the team lead in goals with Sean West. 

Annslrong was clearly disap-
poinled after the game, saying that 
the Tritons had been capable of 
winning the entire toumament, but 
that they had succumbed to nerves 
and played "dumb." 

Still, all might not be lost. The 

Tritons will lose just three year-
long starters: defenders Wally 
Whittier, Sean West, and goalie 
Brian Siljander. 

They will also lose mid fielder 
Vincent Wong, who saw limited 
action this year. 

Siljander finished the year with 

YAICIIiONO 
Jlpln, ••• Fooel 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIALS 

Teriyaki Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken with vegetable 
beef, or pork served with soup, tempura or California roll with 

salad and rice soup, salad &< rice 

LUNCH $3.99 LUNCH $4.50 
DINNER $4.75 DINNER $5.95 
r-FRHSnS~\NITH1)RDii-' 
L WITH TIitS AD, Exp. 6/15/9t .J 
------------------!!_2,:,,~ La Jolla Colony Plaza 452-4255 S:»t~ (f.s.t.)) 7l]J, Regents Rd. ~501 (Vons ~hopping Center) 

a-d s..Iep Eat ill or tab Ollt. We also . stroicts. 

a 0.43 goals-against-per game av-
erage. while West tied junior de-
fender Mike Gerhardt for the team 
lead in goals with nine. 

Junior forward Chris Hanssen 
led the Tritons in assists with seven, 
and UCSDoutscored its opponents 
46-9. 

SPORTS 17 

Men's Water Polo Struggles 
Through a Rebuilding Year 
• Tritons lose in 
WVVPA semifinals to 
CSULA,10-9 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

Coming off a 1989 season in 
which UCSD became the first Di-
vision ill team toeam a benh in the 
NCAA men 's water polo tourna-
ment, the 1990 Triton squad might 
be discouraged with a 9-23 season 
record and a third-place finish in 
the Westem Water Polo A socia-
tion (WWPA). They mighT be. 

But actual1y, for a team that 
retumed no starters from the year 
before, third place isn' t so bad for 
a "rebuilding" year. UCSD 
struggled from the outset and at 
one point was plagued by a 14-
game losing streak. But by the end 
of the regular season. Head Coach 
Denny Harper's crew seemed to 
be improving as it headed into the 
WWPA playoffs at Claremont. 

UCSD advanced to the semifi-
nals where it faced CSVLA, but 
failed to make it to the final forthe 
first time since 1982. 

Priono the WWP A tournament, 
UCSD had met with CSULA three 
times in 1990, posting a \-2 record 
against the Golden Eagles. History 
would repeat itself as the Tritons 
mirrored the two regular season 
losses and lost to the Golden Eagles 
by one goal for the third time. 

CSULA and UCSD eXChanged 

w. SOCCER 
Continued from page 13 
seeded Macalester managed to 
wash away UCSD's title hopes 
with a 1-0 victory. 

The goal that crushed the Tri-
tons came with just s ix minutes left 
in the second overtime period as 
Macalester managed to knock one 
past UCSD goalie Karin Carper 
off a comer kick. 

The Tritons, who finished the 
season 14-3- 1, weren't used to los-
ing - especially close games. 
UCSD started Ihe season with two 
consecutive 1-0 victories on the 
road against USF and San Fran-
cisco State University. 

The Tritons' first loss came in 
their first home game, as the Az-
tecs of San Diego State beat UCSD 
in a tight I -0 match. 

Seemingly inspired by it de-
feat, UCSD went on a tear that was 
enough to make anybody nervous. 
The Tritons went on to win six and 
tie one in their next seven outings. 
three of which were narrow 1-0 
decisions. The Tritons' charge was 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Sean Kinghorn 
goals back and forth throughout 
(he match with neither team stak-
ing more than a one-point lead at 
any time in the match - including 
al the final buzzer in regulation 
when the score was tied 9-9. 

The game went into double 
overtime and ended with a Golden 
Eagle goal during sudden death 
play. UCSD continued on to face 
UC Davis for the third place bout 
and defeated the Aggies 9-8. 

Four Tritons earned WWPA 
AII-Tournament honors. Kevin 
Vance was named to the AII-Tour-
ney first team and teammate Gary 
Seelhorst earned recognition on 
the second team. Mike Shatz and 
goa lie Andy Bruce were both 
named honorable mention . 

led by junior Karin Lindsay, who 
proved to be UCSD's savior in the 
wins, knocking in all three win-
ning goals in the tight contests. 

Halloween came early for 
UCSD, however, the Broncos of 
Cal Poly Pomona knocked off the 
Tritons 4-1 on Oct. 10. It was the 
first time in three years UCSD had 
given up so many goals. "With the 
way we played today, we'll be 
lucky to win another match all 
year," UCSD Head Coach Brian 
McManus said al the time. But the 
Tritons did win another game. In 
fact, they won quite a few more. 

The Tritons went on to register 
six more wins forthe season , which 
included a 6-0 blowout of Pomona-
Pitzer on Oct. 15. It was UCSD's 
ninth shutout of the season. 

The Tritons went on to shut out 
Division I UC Irvine on OCLI?, as 
junior Cheryl Parker scored the 
winning goal in overtime. The Tri-
tons capped off the regu lar season 
by easily defeating Cal Stale San 
Bernadino 3-0. The shutout was 
lucky number 13 on the year for 
UCSD. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I ' 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~~~... Call lor details, 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European BodY Wrap -Only $48 

Not a te~rary water losS ; Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct, #204 
455-0909 fopo'.' 6/211191 



18 

~J 

f 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 30, 1991 

THE DIE GO 

t M P lAY 0 F F P R ~ f' i (T .: '\i S 
sonBALL I COED VOLLEYBALL Plllyofh Meln Su..-" ....... 2 
T_ he. Odds Com",."" B1'S PiZZll Pounders Predictions 
MEN'SMA T_ Comments 
1. Choke 60{) 3·2 Defending ~ look like a repeat COEDMA 2. Smack lqJad 70{) 2·1 BIg talk does not equal a tJtIe. 00 a on field I Toad Turds (~) Vanna and The Cris are proven wlIlners ... lhese guys have more lirepower than Stonnin' 3. Makin' J 5-1 4-1 Have won aI!he dose ones. Win It COllUM? 
4. No Fal Chicks 5·1 6·1 Could surprise, but probably a year away. Noonan 2 HalIuna Matata (11'7) Wi. push eve!YOI18 !hey play 10 !he lirnit...Uz and The Noodle will need plenty 01 ReMY 5. Caplaln Fogruners 4·2 10-1 Look ;:eal but looks aren1 everylhmg Psycho anticto keep !hem alive ... 1ong shot 10 win h aI. 6. Grand Sam 5·2 15-1 Even Wllhoul Gordon thIS ~ad can play 3 Gary's Nipples (12·3) Number One most 01 !he year ... but a big dose 01 realay will set in quidIIy. May nOl win 7. TKE 4·3 25-1 Take these odds all the way 10 Vegas. 
8. Meatheads 33 26-1 Should cause some l10uble their opener. 4 HanOcapped (10-5) Could surpnse ear1y ij Van Duyne plays up 10 her AI·American credentials. Needs a 
MEN'S ' AJ,.' big game from the Lelthander. 
I . MeISler Chow 70{) 5-3 May oompiele cham undefeated season 5 WaUbangers (HI) Another darkhorse enlry lhal mght gel 10 the big dance. Wil be lough opening game 
2. Dominanl LettlSls 6·1 2·1 las1 year's champs should be on 'AM' for 3 Haole Chicks. 
3, lilIeS Of The Field 6-1 3·1 No wayl Too old! 
4, Men Wi1hou1 Pants 6·1 4-1 Very 1aIented, may be !he best tean 0IhIf PrtIIncIIrI: 3 Haole Chicks (12·3~ No Names (6-6), Dig This (8-7) 
5 DOHI 6·1 5·1 Won a lough league Is ba1tle lested PlAYOFFS STAll: ~,.IuM 2 .... Ipm and 9pm .. .Moin Gym 6. Surf Beal 6-1 6-1 Expenence may gIVe lhem an edge. CHAMPIONSHIP GAME: ursday, June 6 ... 10: 15pm ....... .Moin Gym 7 Perks Revenge 6-1 7·1 May nol gellhal revenge this year 
8, Guys81 Of Pus 6-1 9·1 May explode in the playolfs COEDAJ,. 9. Sigma Nu 5-2 10-1 Nudlsi are talenled. CoIJkl surpnse 
10. NoMoBo 5-2 15-1 Bye Bye No Mo Bo I Put h In (180{») Undelealed, but Win have a lough lime winning It! 

2 Shanks A LOI (20·1) Vandstrom and VI08I will need Vanna Whke and morel MEN'S 'A' 3 No Scrubs (19-2) Plenty 01 athleles with ~ VB experienoe mighl just be the tickellhis year 
I . Monty's Brew Crew 70{) 5-2 Could be breWIng a championship 4 AI Dee's Ego (17·1) Jen Kuehne has more 1M Championship experience than anyone in this dvislon, .. thal 
2. oMIl8 Chollers 70{) 3·1 T lYIng 10 avoid the big seed mighl be enough, 
3. Fresh NopaIes 70{) 4·1 A greal bel here. ThIS tean can play 5 Guess Who (1 8·3) Team Sandweiss IS al h again and has exoel1enl draw 
4. Pumpon' Am1 Easy 70{) 6-1 Best delense and PIlcher on 'A' 6 Towemg Wal (19·2) ThIS Wall should tumble early despite great record 
5 No Brcun, No PSln 6·1 7·1 Only loss was a tlIke 7 Lausy Ece's (13·5) CInderella club needs 10 be heahhy and sharp 
6 oreamTeam 6·1 10-1 Oream Win become a nightmare 8 Schwvlg (17--4) Has worsl draw 01 the lourney, but ITlIght surprise 
7 olC. 6·1 14-1 Ale sad 10 be 9 The Bomgers (17-4) Has 2nd worst draw 01 !he 10urney, wi! su-pnse 
8 SlIde II In 6·1 22·1 The baclldoor Win be the only way 10 40 RSoui (15-3) Moghl gel on a run, and make rt 10 the semis. 
9. Each Hil 6·1 25-1 HogheSI scoring 184VTI on A' 
10 Padres Suck 6-1 100-1 So do you guys Other Pretenders: Get Your AI. Up (16-5), lucky l.aggef. (13-5;, We Dig il5-6). Bunslsn'l Gettln' II (13-8). M. 
COED 'MA' II, and Air Co. (14-4~ and Gecko ~It SqUId (1 6-5) 
I Lazy & Irrespol1$lble 70{) 2·3 Bel the ranch PlAYOFFS STAll: Sunday, June 2 .... apm, 9pm, lOprn ... Gym. 
2. Big Slicks & RICk 6·1 4·1 Easy league CHAMPIONSHIP GAME: Thuncloy, June 6.H.9:15pm ... .Moin Gym 
3. We've Gol VO 5·1 6-1 Bes1ladles In 1M's 
4, Sleep,"' A10und 6·1 7·1 Could calch Vo COED A 
5. Shoolers 5-2 10-1 Ale you kidding? This leam has no chance I Rechnll'lg Nodes (19-2) Best Unies and Bodies in 1M's, Truth or Dare 
6. Been Here Too Long 4-3 15-1 Could be your last chance al U!le 2 SIx Pack (16-2) Musl get on a run ear1y, loughest games wi. be early 
7. New Jack Team 3-2 1&-1 Benors choice, A very good ~ 3 Scratchy (20-1) Record incicales some strength somewhere ... Where? 8. Mo' Better Baners 4-3 25-1 Another su-pnse pICk the benors won' pass 4 hchy (18-3) Break out !he calarrine lotion if they meel Scratchy in the semis. 
COED ' AJ,.' 5 Bump, Set..Bump? (19-2) Has ea518S1 trip 10 the Finals 
1. Love Gloves 70{) 2·2 WII season long 11 hnId up t/v'ough playolfs 6 Sets Maniacs (17-4) Tough team late al nlght..we scheduled 'em earlyl 
2 Surfing Monkeys 60{) 3·2 No monkey business lor this squad 7 Basketball Budds (1 6·5) Trying 10 mimic No Scrubs of AA .... couId SlKprise 
3 Sea Monkeys 60{) 3·2 Who's bener·the Surf or the Sea Monkeys 8 Merglow (18·3) Great record in an easy league, .. maybe next year! 
4, Norm 70{) 4·1 My pICk 10 WIn a all 9 Yavo Be There (15-3) BJ's sleeper pick 10 Be There 
5 Put II In The Gap 70{) 5·1 Wi. have 10 put rt In the gap repealed/y 10 Ouch! (17-4) Wil need 10 beal Help! in the first roood. Whal a matclHJp, 
6. Moldy Pumpluns 7-{) • 7·1 May 5Ca'e some learns but win crumble fast 
7. lIq'er Box 7-{) 10-1 Wit gel lICked ear1y Other Pret.nden: WI10 Cares (12-3), Before YI' Hump 'Em (15-6), Snow (15-3), I lib 10 Watch (14-7). Side FX 
8, Boobs & Balls 6-1 15-1 ThaI's what ~ takes (II ... ) 
g, Oozing Buttzhs 6-1 25-1 Ummmmi Sounds sooooo Good. PlAYOFFS START: Thuncloy, May 3O ... a:15pm ... 1oIh Gym. 
10. Hard Bats 6·1 50-1 Nol always, that's the problem. CHAMPIONSHIP GAME: Thunclay, June 6 .... a:15pm .. .Moin Gym 
COED 'A' 
1. Baby SIIIers 5·2 5·2 No. 1 lor how long? TUBE-POLO HISTORY: FIRST EVER MEN'S ·& WOMEN'S TITLES 2. RUMing In C~des 5·2 7·2 A10und the base I hope 
3. Use A Loghler Bal 5·2 4·1 Guys are heavH!f than the bats The Men'. end Women s Tube-I'oIo CI\In'cIIOnS ...... CI-.d on TIItIdIy nlfIt. This •• 1IIt first ~ 1IIII1IIe 1M Dept strayed from 1IIeit 
4, Endangered Feces 4·2 5-1 TheIr chances stJnk IIOfmII coed fomllt 10 ,.. biItII to Men'I nI ~'I TubehIo. 
5. Spit Wads 4·2 7·1 SallvabOn Is lhe key lor this team 

..... AI. ....... e.... 11, Me ...... 6. Ball Parkers 4·2 10-1 A bI.rlch of hOI dogs 
7. Wei & Wild 3·3 15-1 Surpnse pick. Surpnsed" they WIll II _ no bIC ...-pllse thII tlljl SWN FAG spIr>OIIlMn _ lilt lOp seed In WI dMsIon, St\Ieral 01 lit .,.... on Capt. o.nIeII .. 1CIIy squad 

.,... ~ 1oIt. pmt In IhetrtnlnlM Tube-I'oIocerMII (we',.1aIIuIC VMII). NO MO eo _lilt only squad 10 rNlytHl SI<lUTO's 8. Tara Is A Rake 3·3 25-1 So how come she's so awesome clmrC Iho season. In U\tIr first pIe)oofI ~, eo IOIt b\' only 1&011. To 1M • lIIOI III lilt btIe, eo had to necotiate 1IIetr wtIf bac:II ~ 9 Swampmaslers 4·3 100·1 407 IS III bog llouble as usual the to ..... sIcIe 01 "'" ~et, end ~ to ~ a doubIe-IleedII on Tuesdey took iI's I0Il. SKLUTO's NIIIy IIan<Ied • tlftId 1 .... 10 ..... 
10. Space Debns 4·3 1()()()'1 Odds 100 low 1IIe firsl _ crown. 
WOMEN'S ' AJ,.' MIN', A ....... , ....... 11, Lon I"eItI c:-,.. 
1 Ruthless Ragers 60{) 4·3 Wi. be a great battle for !he champtOnshlp They had to do It the liard "11/ , but they <Id It. These two te .... met In 1IIe __ ,. 101M of the pl8)OfIs end PORK CHOPS preveIied 13-12 
2, Dance With My WoH 5·1 5·2 Wants the u1Je bad. But? whlcn paYed • ~ road for BABIES to let 10 1M btIe.."., They did menace to _ their wilt "'""'" the double etlrrinallon toumament 
WOMEN'S 'A' to &atn enother shot at tile btle, end tlljs drne they lOOk ~ 01 thetr ,-life, Led by JolIn 000IiIUe', 10 I0Il1 on tile ,""" BAIIlES 
I Biohazards 4·2 4-1 LooIIs like the cream of tillS crop -.nd up In "'" wiMers chtle wtth two ImpresSlYt WWlS In less ~ t/WM hours. The first..". was an 11·5 IhUfl1llnc 10 set up the title 
2. Eyeliners 4-2 7·1 Very de<icaled and greal coach &arne. Both of ""'" squads should do welt In 'M' next ~ In the second ye. of tlljs Tube-I'oIo format. 
3, Grandsiammers 3·3 10-1 01 dedocaled-will1hey show up WOMIJI" .......... 11, Wet ... ...,. 
4. Fly Balls 3·3 15-1 100 many WIll kiIIlheIr charlces There was _ a doubI tbouI this one, Nat onIy .. 1I BITCHES \hi most \IIIIntecItwn In the pool, tNy '" an eldnl dole 01 motivICIon when 

Capt I\Iwi Rttnhert &Q1 off her deeIh 11«1, .... bac:II~, sItpptcI on. tube end ....... out nI IlQIftdIn 3 p., WET had a IV" sellOn 
(~a sudcIer>deatII 0WItime "'" to lit to the f1n1ll11 but tNy __ just In tile wronc piece. '" lit wronc time. Led by tile OUIItandinC 
pllIt 01 ~r £rniIy RubIn end 7 I0Il1 110m Jamie Ooley tIwI one .11 no _. VIe POlO BITCHES _ tile fIr __ 'I 
~. 

Costa Verde Center 
IIIIDEO GALLERY 

UCSD SPECIALS! 

Big t ELECTION in the area • FREE Parking 
NEW RELEASES: WARLOCK . THE KRAYS 

• JACOB'S LADDER . THE ROOKIE . MERMAIDS 
COM'NO SOON: THE GRIFTERS . POSTCARDS FROM THE EDGE 

Bring this ad to Rent One Movie and 
get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru ThUrsday, Expires 6/6/91 

8750 D in th Co la erde C oter Dear oup Excltang . 450-1766 
Holll'S: WI.-nUlI'S. 11 am-9 pm/Fri, at. 11 am·l0 pm 

..... 
• 11I11_"P,I 
,.51/.11 ..... 

s..II:lOIrIl ,. 

8873 Villa LaJoUa Dr. 
La Jolla Village Center 

455·0662 
0~, ~ 

----- ---- -,.-- --3~C?, $ 2!"O. 1 ~!:, 
LARGE MEDIUM SMALL 
PillA PillA PIZZA 

- -


