
.OPINION 
ThcPenian OulfWar is 

over, and despite the 
naysayers and skeptics, this 
was not another Vietnam. 
We had clear objectives 
and waged war against an 
unmistakable enemy. This 
time, we were clearly the 
"good guys"IPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
High-pressure religious 

groups are actively recruit-
ing on college campuses 
throughout the nation. 
According to some 
administrators, such groups 
have created a "problem" at 
UCSDIPAGE7 

Oliver Stone's latest time 
capsule, ''The Doors," takes 
the audience on a journey 
through Jim Morrison's 
musical and personal 
escapadesIP AGE 10 

.SPORTS 
In Saturday night's 

second-round Division m 
NCAA men's basketball 
tournament game atlhe 
UCSD Main Gym, the 
Tritons' strong bench play 
was the key to their 
emotional victory over the 
Claremont Stags. UCSD 
reserve forwards John 
Spence and Quis Moore 
were perticularly instru-
mental in the win. scoring 
10 and 14 points, rapec-
tivelylPAGE lO 

INDEX ... 
UCSD Clips ............... 2 
Opinion ...................... 4 
Features •••.....•........... 7 
ArtsIEntertainment ..• 10 
Sports ...................... 20 

Suspect Arrested in Clairemont Killings 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor THE CLAIREMONT KILLINGS 

The San Diego Police' murder 
investigation was a mas ive under-
taking, at one point employing 27 
detectives, five ergeant, one lieu-
tenant, one captain, and Deputy 
Chief of Police Cal Kroseh. At the 
time ofPrinee' s arrest, 13 detectives 
were working on the ea e, police 

Following an intense 13-month 
investigation, police arrested a us-
peel in connection with the murder 
of five women in the aairemonl/ 
University City area yesterday, San 
Diego Police officials said. 

Victim 
TIffany Paige Schultz 
Janene Marte Weinhold 

~Iy Suzanne Tarr 
Amber Clark 

School 
SDSU 
UCSD 

Age Date (1990) 
20 Jan.12 
21 Feb. 16 
18 Apr. 3 Okemos H.S. (MI) 

Mesa College 18 Sept. 13 
42 Sept.13 

aeophus Prince Jr., 23, was ar-
rested on a no-bail warrant in Bir-
mingham, Alabama for the 1990 
murders of Tiffany Paige Schultz, 
Janene Marie 'Weinhold, Holly 
Suzanne Tarr, Pamela Clark, and 
Amber aark, according to San Di-

Pamela Clark 

ego Police Sgl. Mike Gibb . 
Gibb aid that Prince was ar-

re tedwithoutineidentat 12:30p.m. 
Eastem Time yesterday. A warrant 
had been i sued for Prince' arre t 
Saturday night by San Diego Supe-

Brian MorrlalGuardian 
The UCSD men's basketball team defeated Claremont 76-
72 in the second round of the NCAA Division 11/ basketball 
tournament Saturday. After leading scorer Tim Rapp went 
down with an injury, the Tritons were led by junior guard 
Darvin Jackson (above). The team will play Otterbein in the 
round of 16 Friday in Ohio. Story in Sports, page 20. 

rior Court Judge Alan Preckel. 
Two San Diego police detectives 

flew to Birmingham yesterday and 
poke with Prince last night, Gibbs 
aid. Police would not release any 

further details about that meeting. 

aid. 
As police sifted through thou-

and of tip, Prince appeared as 
"oneofanumberof uspect ,"Gibbs 
aid. More eviden e led police to 

believe that Prin e was the person 
See ARREST, Page 3 

Students Will Lobby 
Against Fee Increases 
• Group is at Capitol to ask legislators 
to increase the university's budget 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

Twenty- even tudent travelled 
from UCSD to Sacramento Friday 
night to take part in an annual lobby-
ing urnrnit organized and run by 
the University of California Student 
A ociation (UCSA). 

The focus of the acramento 

"a few students at large," Pa~temak 
said. 

AI 0 present were five members 
f the Registration Fees ommit-

tee. According to Pasternak, this 
committee consist of graduate 
tudents from every college, and 

act as an advi ry group to Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-

EDITORIAL: Newspapers throughout the UC system 
take a stand against the 40% fee increase/5 

ummit was "to invoke as many of 
the tudents as possible in lobby-
ing," explained Jeremy Pasternak, a 
member of the UCSA Board of Di-
rectors and the UCSD A sociated 
Student Council. 

According to Pasternak, all stu-
dents, not just UCSA or A.S. mem-
bers, have been actively encouraged 
to participate. UCSD students were 
notified through flyers around cam-
pus, and many tudent organiza-
tions were contacted individually. 

This year's constituency at the 
summit included A.S. members, 
Student Affirmative Action Com-
mittee members, members of the 
Catholic Community of San Diego, 
the Muir College Council chair, and 

fairs Jo eph Wat on in determining 
the distribution of tudent re~istra­
tion fees. 

"We really try and bring a very 
diverse groupofstudents. The idea .. 
is not to do the normal rhetoric and 
lobbying ... it' to remind the mem-
bers of the legislature of the state of 
California that there are some very 
real people out there [and] to take 
these students to them so they can 
hear what they have to ay," he 
continued. 

According to Pasternak and A.S. 
Employee Relations Coordinator 
Lisa Flaig, today each campus will 
schedule appointments with vari-
ous legislators. UCSD will lobby 

See LOBBY, Page 12 

UCSD Reactions to GuH War Cease-Fire Are Varied 
• Vigil for Peace member says the group may continue protesting indefinitely 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

Five days after the cease-fire 
between the Allies and Iraq, anti-
war protestors remain sleeping out-
side of Galbraith Hall, continuing 
their vigil for peace. 

The protestors are there for dif-
ferent reasons, demonstrating in 
suppon of their personal beliefs, 
and will not stop until they indi-
vidually feel the time is right. 

"We weren't planning on stop-
ping when the media or the presi-
dent said it was over," explained 
Third College sophomore Joshua 
Tree Taylor, a Political Science 
major and member of the UCSD 
Alliance for Peace. 

"If there is still occupation, skir-
mishes, coven actions, or people 
dying, it is worthwhile protesting," 

, I I 
I I 

Taylor said. 
Taylor explained that their stay 

at the library will be for an indefinite 
time period. 

"There are still troops which 
could attack if there are 'justifiable 
reasons.' A cease-fire is more of a 
political statement," Taylor said. 

On Feb. 27, President Bush 
agreed to a cease-fire only after Iraq's 
full compliance with the United 
Nations' 12 resolutions. 

"Right now there is a cease-fire, 
according to George Bush, but there 
still are people getting killed, sol-
diers getting killed as well as Iraqis. 
And [the cease-fire) doesn't mean 
the war is over," said Taylor. 

He cited the recent deaths of 
U.S. soldiers from stepping on mine 
fields as an example. 

See WAR, Page 3 The Continuous Vigil for Peace carries on outside Galbraith Hall. 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

Program Offers Students Chance 
To Wort< In NatIonal laboratories 

Juniors and seniors interested in worting in a long-
range program with bands~ research in a national 
laboratory may apply for the Science and Engineering 
Research Semester (SERS). 

The U.S. Dcpanmenl ofEncrgy spoosorsthe program 
to encourage undergTaduate students 10 continue studies 
in science and engineering. About 350 students annually 
receive SERS appointments at one of the panicipating 
htboratories such as Lawrence Berkeley. near San Fran-
cisco, or Los Alamos, in New Mexico. 

Participants become members of research teams that 
are engaged in intensive investigations. Fields of study 
include artificial intelligence. biomedicine, basic and 
applied chemistry. earth and space sciences, mathematics 
and computer science. high energy and nuclear physics, 
geophy ics, waste technology, nuclear medicine. and 
other areas of science, math. and engineering. 

While the emphasis of the program is hands-on research, 
SERS also includesaneducationaleruichmentcomponent. 
Panicipants attend seminars sponsored by the divisions at 
the I aboratol)' , and have the option of enrolling in a course 
at a nearby universilY. Students are also encouraged to 
arrange to receive academic credit at their home institu-
tions for the research semester. 

To beeligible for participation in SERS, students must 
have compleled the sophomore year al an accredited U.S. 
college or university and be a U.S. citizen or permanent 
residenl alien. They mu I be working toward a degree in 
computer science, engineering. environmental or life 
sciences, mathematics, or phy ical sciences. Guidelines 
suggest an overalJ grade point average of 3.0 or higher. 

While in the progranl, SERS participants will receive 
a week.ly stipend of $200 per week. housing, and !.ravel 
reimbursement for one round trip to the appointment site. 

The application deadline for the 1991 fall term i 
March 15, 1991. The I 992 spring term deadline is October 
20,1991. 

For more infonnatioll on the SERS program, contact 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

Doma Prokop, SERS Program Manlaer, Office of Energy 
Research, U.S. Dcpanment of Ener&Y. 1000 Independeoce 
Ave., S.W., Washington, D.C. 20585. 

Professor Receives 'History and 
Life' Award From Colleagues 

History Professor SleVen Hahn has been selected by the 
Organization of American Historians (OAH) as the recipient 
of the 1991 '"ABC-CUD Ainerica: Hislory and Ufe Award." 

Hahn was cited for his anicle, "Class and State in 
PostemancipabOl1 Societies: Soucbem Planters in CompIn-
tive Perspective," which IppCmld in !he Feb. 1990 issue of 
NMricQII Historical Review. The aWlld will be presented. 
the &MuaI rncebng oflhe OAH in Louisville, KenIucky, 011 
April 12. 

The award is given 1O~ andenccJUrI&C &eholarsbip 
in the area of Americu biatorical joumaI ~ which 
advances new perspectives 011 accepted ill(apr~tariom or 
previously unconsidmd ropics. 

Intemat'l Canter Presents Discussion 
Of Japanese Views on the GuH CrIsis 

"Japanese Perspectives 011 the War in the Gulf," a presen-
tation sponsored by the American-Japanese Cross-Culturll 
Society and the International Center, is scheduled for Friday 
from noon to 1 p.m. in the International Center Lounge. 

Guest speakers will include Masao Miyoshi, chair of the 
Japanese Studies Program, Professor David Mares from !he 
Political Science Departrncot,History ProfessorSteveoPlauer, 
and Yoshito SakaIci, aSlUdenl from the School oflntemational 
Relalioos and PacifIC Studies. 

Trevor Nakagawa. an undergraduate Education Abroad 
Program returnee, will moderate the evenL 

Kappa Members Answer Phones for 
Easter Seals Telethon at Sea Wortd 

Easter Seal held its annual telethon this weekend ar Sea 
World. aided by the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. Cable 
ChannelS televised the event, which began at 8 p.m. Saturday 
and continued through 4 p.m. Sunday. 

Jami Rubin and Robin Rodig organized the telethon with 
Easter Seals, arranging for Kappa member.! to accept dona-
tions over the phone from II p.m. Saturday to 3 a.m. Sunday. 

Kappa Kappa Gamma raised over $400 in the four-hour 
period. When the phones quieted down, they also called to ask 
radio stations to announce the telethon. 

Radio deejays Rick Lauren ofMVt 94.9 and Rob Actis from 
B 100 were especially belpful with telethon publicity, accord-
ing to one Kappa member. 

by Bill Watterson 

~~ r \~ 5 AN \;lO EN. SIH~'£R fI£ 
M~ E PQoOQJ \) ~l<!GJto\£ y.J \\\\£ r 

(\JSt.\) M~S[l\ F~ mE ~ : ~ WMS 
1.£t>.'It: ~t{ 1\\£ T~U GtIS l"I\\l~SOO\\C ~l ! 

WI\£t{ 11£ 'N~S ()(1{E, ~N 
AI.l rozcu5')l() S~"'l'OO ~ 

w~s P\.J.-il t<G 11\ !IIi ~EM), 
M-lO n\t. ACOOS,IC';, 'tiE 

1 1I. C.~t.OISl£ I\\t .[S11(.., 
WIN, ~ 1£IH .II'( 1W 
(1{ I".i RAAIN AND t il"'\) /I., 

S£~ PA% "I1l\\ ~T 
~ $BIoI':, 

A.II.\) IF AA~i\\III.G f)O£S , 
Bi GCl..li , rlol. GoING To 

SE R~~' IT' 

-

~"'\Of.S, n\t. 
CIlLI'lm \\~I'l"t:II.U> 
mill:." B\JOO1 
01= "'\t{~ r 
Q O"£\) M CA"*. 

. 
{ 

I NEE\) A. S\lIT 
l\\(E: n<~,". 

. 
t 

Monday, March., 1991 

In addition 10 the sorority, Easter Seals received voluo-
tea" help from several other organizabons including Cen-
rury21 Real EstaIe. Torrey Pines Rotarians,and San Diego 
SIIIC Univcnity. 

ExpeItmeI daI Source of Energy 
u.s Heat From Center of the Earth 

LOS ALAMOS - Los AIIIIIOI NaIioDaI LabcnIory 
hlSreceivedaS230.<XXJcontrICtfromlhecityofae.take, 
CA. 10 study the area's poleIIIial for genenWng ~ 
power lbrouah • process called hot dJy rock hell minina. 

The proc:aa extracts heat from deep, solid rock nalU-
rally warmed by the Eanh's interior. 

"If all goes well. our aoaJ is to have an operating, 
cornrneICiaI-si:rm hot dry rock power plant in C1earIakeby 
the end of the decade," says Roger Peake, geothermal 
energy specialist for the California Energy Commission. 

Minin& the heal in hoc dry rock begins by drilling a hole 
into solid rock deep enough to be warmed by die Earth's 
interior heat. When the hole reaches the desired depIh, 
workers pump in water under tremendous pressure 10 that 
it opens fracnares in, and spreads throughout, the sunoond-
ing bedrock. A second hole is drilled to reach a ponion of 
the reservoir of fractured rock some distance away from 
the first hole.. 

Warer pumped down one hole permeates die ~ 
and heallro the bedrock's temperature. The bot water is 
drawn up through the second hole. At the surface, the bot 
water emerges as stearn and can be used directly for 
hcalilll or 10 drive an electric-power generator. When it 
cools, the warer is senr baclc. down, funning a closed-loop 
system once the reservoir ofu.:tumf rock has been filled. 

In aras such as Fenton Hill and Clear1a1ce. the hoc rock 
occurs fairly near to the surface, which makes the sites 
ideal for application of the technology. 

Los Alamos ~pleted a Phase I study of Clearlake in 
J 988, verifying the region's potential. The Ptwe n study 
will be a thorough geologic evaluation of die area and will 
be used to determine whether to proceed to Phase m -
drilling holes and establishing an underground reservoir. 
The study should be completed by the end of this year. 

GUARIlIAN 
.,... GRUEN, EdItor In ChIM 

~ MACLEAN, I*tIIIgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUI(, OpInion EdItor 
LES SRWOLD, ~ Sport. Editor 
JAMES COLlER, DeIJIgn EdItor 
GREG DIXON, -'-*- 0p/nIGn EdNor 
BILL DOWLER, CGpy Editor 
IELINDA ~TON, ~ '*- EcIIIor 
MARY BETIY HEARD, 4--. '*-EdItor 
LARA HEISlER, A~ Am Editor 
HEATlER HOlTZa.AW, Aaoc:iaf ~ EdItor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, ~ Am Editor 
PETER KO, Sparta EdItor 
JEHNFER KOLsKY, Photo &Ihor 
KENTKORZON, ~ Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, AIfs<£n ..... m.llf EdItor 
MEL MARCELO, ~ Grlphtc. Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, ANoc:fItf FeetIIN Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, A--.. ""* EdItor 
JEFF QUAN, GrIIpIIks &aor 
JASON SNELL, '*- EdItor 
RIMS UZGIRIS, PtroIo &IIIt1r 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCtI, ~ EdIIor 
JEHtIFER YANCEY, ~fEdlfor 

7I\t1.aD __ ......,. ... ,........ ...... _,..., ... "' ... _ 

==:-":'':..J Ilif~==.:=:'" ... -=== _ ... 1110_ .... ~ ......... _._ .... -"'_ .. 
__ lIIIlaD_ ... __ ",_ ... __ n. __ 
_ir ....... O'O_~ .. ___ ._-.. __ • __ 

Wr.W: 53oW5IO ........ OIII.~." 534-7 .. 1 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

la JoIa, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, March ., 1991 

WAR 
Continued from page 1 

"Because of the lack of commu-
nication. some Iraqi soldiers don't 
even know there's a cease-fire and 
are still fighting," he said 

Reactions by students to the 
cease-fire and speculations about 
what the U.S. 's future involvement 
in the Middle East should be were 
varied. 

"I was ~ how long the air 
war took, thar they kept expanding 
it," said Third College senior 
Michael Westerland, a political sci-
ence major. 

"I think [the cease-fire] is great. 
However, it shouldn't have ever 
come to this. There were many 
chances to use diplomatic means 
from the begiMing, before the war 
started oreven when the Soviel$ and 
Iraqis made their peace proposals," 
said another Third College student. 

"All aJongBush has had his plans 
sel, way ahead, he hasn't tried to 
find other means. 1 think, to solve 
this a different way. That's just the 
way Bush nod his administration 

ARREST 
Contlnu.d from page 1 
responsible for the five murders. 

The Clairemonl killings began 
on Jan. 12, 1990, when Schultz, a 
San Diego State University English 
major, was found dead in her apart-
menton Cowley Way. She had been 
stabbed more than 50 times. 

The killer's second victim was 
Weinhold, a 21 year-old Warren 
Collegesenior. Weinhold was found 
fatally stabbed on Feb. 16 in her 
apartment on Oairemont Drive. 
Weinhold was aspiring to be an 
attomey, majoring in political sci-
ence and history at UCSD. 

At first, police did not link the 
killings of Schultz and Weinhold 

have chosen 10 olve it," Taylor 
said. 

1be swiftness and apparent ac-
curacy of the military were also 
addressed by students. 

Mike Lena, a Third College se-
niormajoring in economics. praised 
the military for its seemingly re-
strained behavior. 

"[ think there was a lot of re-
straint on our behalf, which adds to 
the credibility that our goal was to 
liberate Kuwait, not destroy [raq," 
Lena said. He believed that the U.S. 
had the opportunity to bomb more 
civilian targets and destroy much 
more than they did. 

Not all students, however, agreed 
with Lena. 

"I don't think they showed any 
restraint. Not hitting as many civil-
ian targets as they could was not 
restraint on behalf of the Iraqis. 
They're doing il for the American 
public," Taylor said 

'"It's a ridiculous justificalion. If 
we were just freeing Kuwait, we 
would have just been bombing 
where most troops were and done 
ground fighting a lot earlier," he 

together. But the April 3 murder of 
Tarr, an 18 year-oJd high school 
senior from Okemos, Michigan, led 
them to believe that a serial killer 
was at work. Tarr was stabbed to 
death in her brother's apartment on 
Cowley Way. 

Tarr's killing was similar to the 
other two in many ways - all three 
women were stabbed during day-
light hours within blocks of each 
other, in upstairs apartments that 
howed no signs of forced entry. 

The k.iller's final two victims 
were 18 year-old Mesa College stu-
dent Amber Clark and her 42 year-
old mother. Pamela Clark. 

Both were murdered on Sept. 13 
in their home on Honors Drive in 
University City . Amber Clark 

The UCSD Guardian 

added. 
Siudent opinion was also mixed 

as to whether or not troops should be 
stationed on a pennanent basis in 
the gulf area. 

"h's such a hotbed over there, a 
violent area due to religious tension. 
For example, the [ mel-Palesline 
conflict has been going on for such 
a long time compared to the gulf 
conflict. [1lle gulf crisis] wasjusl a 
flash in the pan," Lena said. 

"[fthe U.S. wants to have troops 
stalioned in different pans of the 
world to protect Americans and U.S. 
diplomats in those regions, that' 
fine. 1 don 't think we should keep 
troops in the area, such as they are 
now, 150 miles out of Baghdad, or 
around the border [between Iraq 
and Kuwait] to be a walchdog," 
Taylor said. 

Many studenls exprc sed fear 
that the proficiency of the military 
during this war might lead to more 
wars in the future. 

"I just hope that this won't be 
looked back upon as a judgement 
crileria for future conflicts," Lena 
said. 

strongly resembled Weinhold, and 
both Pamela and Amber Clark were 
found with multiple stab wounds. 

PriortoPrince'sarrest, two other 
suspects had been arrested in con-
nection with the killings. Schultz's 
boyfriend, Christopher Jon Burns, 
was held by police on suspicion of 
murder after Schultz' s death, but 
was released shortly Ihereafter. 

Luis Lebron, a truck driver, was 
arre tedinconnectionwiththemur-
ders on May 30, 1990. Lebron re-
sembled a police composite of lhe 
killer, but was laler released after no 
evidence was found to link him to 
the killings. 

Procedures will begin immedi-
ately to extradite Prince to Califor-
nia, police officials said. 

RI.".. UzglrlslGusrdian 
Editor in Chief Phil Gruen's three home runs were part of the Guardian'S 32-16 battering of the 
Koala in Saturday's third annual softball game. The Guardian has won the last two contests. 

SMOG $1999 CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

IIIoIIIdII: 
........ 

tInoIIC 1 t .,t 
................. 

c ................ t1O.oo _ 

caDAidoc.. 
1ItO ................... c 

.......... " .. , 
......... CAt2121 
(aI,"'I411 

, , 

U"LOCK 
THE DOGRTO 
OPPORTUNITY 

Check out the 
STUDY 

MANAGEMENT 
. CENTER. 
Call tor appointment at 
534-7344 or drop In at 

USB 4010, &-4:30 dally. 

FREE FREE FREE 

NEWS 3 

Idnko'S· YOUR ILLNESS COULD BE PROFITABLE $$$ the copy center If you have a major illness. 
you could make a valuable 
contribution 10 the medical 

La Jolla community, and eam $$$. 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. • Measles 
OPEN 24 • Mononucleosis $50 HOURS • Lupus 

• Herpes and 
437-3775 • Severe Allergy Up ... 

• Chicken Pox 
Padflc Beach • Lyme Disease 

1834 Garnet Avenue • Clotting Factor Deficiency 
near Soup EJcchange Sensitized to the Rh Factor 

OPEN 7 DAYS For mort inrormation, please contact 
483-1852 MD LABORATORIES 226-1733 

Thursdays 
is 

UCSD NITE 
G• , at 18 S 

party on our patio 

$250 Pitchers 
$500 12" Pizzas 

w lone topping 
Must ""'" ucso ID 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

oo~'WMCAT 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 
THE!J/iL! MeA r PREP COURSE RUN & r AWIfT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS IN SAN DlEGO/ 

MORE mAN AN EXAM PREP COURSE-IT'S TRULY ONE OF A KIND; 

• TAUGHT BY MEDICAL S1UDENTS FOR PRE.MEDICAL snJDENTS 

• ilIE MOST COMPLETE &. POPULAR MCAT PREP COURSE tN SAN DIEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 

• AN INTENSE. IOO·HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP· BASED REVIEW 
PROGAAM OF ilIE SCIENCES, READING &. WRITING SKILLS AREAS TESTED 
ONilIENEW MCAT 

• NEW MCATTISTSTRATIGIES &. STIJDYSKILLS 

• INTINSIVE SCIENCE PROBlEM SOl VJNG AND READING SKILlS WORJ(SHOPS; 
SMALL GROUP lEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSA Y WRITING WORKSHOPS WITH 
A UCSD WRITING PROFESSOR 

• OVER 1.000 PAGES OF HIGH·YIEW MCAT PRACTICE TISTS. SCIENCE 
PROBLEM SOLVING EXAMS. CON DENSED FORMULA SHEITS &. REVIEW 
NOTES PROVIDED TO ALL S1UDENTS 

• MEIT &. HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WITH CURRENT MEDICAL STUDENTS; 
DISCUSSION OF THE MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION, ADMISSIONS &. 
INTIRVIEW PROCESS. &. LIFE ONCE tN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
ilIE MEDICAL snJDENT PERSPECTIVE! 

• FREE TAKE· HOME LlBMR Y CHECKOUT OF THE BEST COMMERCIALLY 
AVAILABLE MeAT &. SCIENCE REVIEW MA TIRIJ,\l.S 

• pERSONAL TUTORING&. SCIENCE STIJDY GROUPS INCLUDED IN 
PROGRAM 

• AIlOUT HALF ilIE COST OF OTHER REVIEW COURSES 

m SPONSORED IN PART BY lItE SPECIALAOIIISSlONS SUPPORT 1'RO<lIlAM. ucso SCHOOl OF WEDIClNE • ~:: .:: CLASSES BEGIN JUtE 23 IN PREPN!ATKlN FOR THESEpr 199111CAT 
CAL l 

FOR ADOITIOHAL IHFORIIATIOH • t:. A a A 0 
SUMMER "11 EHROLLIIEHT FORM (619) 45u-otQ6tV 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHtL GRUEN. Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Managing Edllor 
JASON SNELL, News EdilOr 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 

TItcUCSOGWDI'dulttlSP'lbh..ttcd lwe UMC, ... cck II the Utuvmllyol(:aJlromloA.San Dtcao Con&c.ntJ 
C I99 I. VtCW'~.prtIMd hc.~in ~prC5c:nl tMmlJOt1I'i Y(KCof!he odllOflll bOard, Md arc """ M«lNI'Ily 
lhoi,e 0( 1M UC Bo&nI 0( RCI~nu . lhe ASUCSD. new UM: ~nutt GwudMut Ita« 

THE PERSIAN GULF WAR 

The Good Guys Finish First 
The Persian Gulf War is over. After six weeks of massive 

saturntion bombing on lrnq and it occupation force in Kuwait, 
Saddam Hussein has been humbled, his military might has been 
vinually wiped from the face of the Eanh. and Ku wait is free once 
again. And despite the wailing of the nay-sayers and keptic , this 
was not another Vietnam. The United State e tabli heel clear 
objectives and waged war on an unmistakable enemy. And this 
time. we were "the good guys." 

Irnq was clearly the aggre sor in dli conflict. lraq invaded a 
defenseless nation, robbed it of a great deal of its wealth and 
goods, committed atrocities on its people, annexed it within 
weeks of invading, and showed a willingness to press its military 
advance forward into Saudi Arabia. After the war began. Iraq 
fired it S ud mi i1e indiscriminately at civilian-populated 
areas. What 's more, over 40 missiles were fired at Tel Aviv and 
other si te in I rael. which rema.ined effectively neutral in the 
conflict and played no military role. ln short. Saddam Hussei n 
had no intention of letting go of Kuwait, or making any conces-
sions. He forced the world's hand, and it co t him. 

While protecting a valuable chunk of the world' oil upply 
cenainly played a role in the U.S. response, it was far from being 
the ole reason why we committed our military might. The 
exten ive atroci tie committed again tthe Kuwaiti people - the 
rape, the sy tematic torture and extermination of the native 
Kuwaiti population, the looting and pillaging by Iraqi oldiers -
all were factors in the president's decision. 

Now that the war is over, even the losers are looking for a 
reason to celebrnte. The biggest losers of aU, the Iraqi . are 
claiming victory, despite being royally thrashed on the battle-
field. The Soviets are calling the uspension in ho tilities a 
victory for Mikhail Gorbachev and his peace plan. The fact is, the 
war is a victory for the U.S. and a huge boost for George Bush. 
The "new world order" is secured. Victory in the gulf set a 
precedent for the future. No appeasement for two-bit dictators. 
No threats to world economy and regional tability. No threat to 
freedom and democracy. That will be the anthem for the 1990s. 

THE CALIFORNIA DROUGHT 

More Irrigation Makes No Sense 
Last fall, A.S. President John Ed on initiated a propo al to 

save UCSD's trademark eucalyptus tree. The trees. suffering 
from a ubstantiallack of water, are being infested and killed by 
bark beetles. Many trees have already died and have had to be 
removed. Edson's proposal called for the installation of an 
underground irrigation system to rejuvenate the trees. Above-
ground sprinklers are ineffective in providing adequate irrigation 
for eucalyptus trees. The Campus Park Committee approved the 
plan, and the new irrigation y tern is lated to be in tailed thi 
year as the senior class gift. However, California is facing 
drought conditions not een in decades. A lack ofrainfall over the 
last five yean; has put Slate and local official in the difficult 
position of having to impose strict regulations on water use. 

With the recent decision to cut off residents of Southern 
California from water supplied by the California Aqueduct, 
mandatory water rationing is certain. Residents of San Diego 
County in panicular can expect to be panicularly hard hit. 
Despite the recent rain storm, which provided nearly threeinche 
of desperntely needed precipitation, rainfall is still far below the 
seasonal avernge. With all of this in mind, the newly proposed 
irrigation sy tern seems rather inappropriate. While the non-
native eucalyptus trees provide a certain aesthetic quality to 
campus, they are not the only plant life in need of care. The 
indigenous Torrey Pine is also feeling the ravaging effects of the 
drought and the bark. beetle. Surely if a great deal of money and 
timeis going to be spent saving the eucalyptus, it can be spent just 
as easily on other endangered natural habitats at UCSD. 

Saving the eucalyptus trees and the natural "look" of the 
center of campus is a noble cause, but it simply is not practical. 
It appears as though the drought will get worse before it gets 
bener. UCSD is one of the largest consumers of water in the 
county.ln the face of water rationing, it docsn 't make sense to add 
another lap to a pipe that is almost dry. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 4,1991 

BENSON 

.' . 

CLOSE-UP 

Was the War Worth Watching? 
• Gulf War television coverage gave us theme music, 
doublespeak, and space filler - but little information 
By L .. Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Now that "the war" isofficiaUyover, I'm beginning 
to wonder ifit was ~y wonh watching all those hours 
of news coverage "live" from Baghdad, Riyadh, or any 
ocher Middle Eastern city with a satell.ite hookup. 

I mean, did I really leamthatmuch by sitting through 
endless recapilUlations of what the correspondents said 
or what reportedly happened 
or what was rumored to have 
taken place on Thursday lasl? 

Did it make a difference 
that I kept abmlSt ofeacb day's 
Pentagon briefing on CNN and 
got to know Wolf Blitzer on a 
first-name basis? Did it really-
matter dlat I saw the same vid· 
eotape of a "sman" bomb hit-
ting its target on seven differ· 
ent newscasts as opposed to 
eight? 

I'm sorry to say that, when 
I look back on it all, I wllSlfd half my waking lIours 
during the last silt weeks fiuICd to the ICIevisioo for no 
reaJ reason. 

I could have spent my time better doing something 
productive like cleaning up my aplUtlllent, getting my 
car washed or maybe - God fmbid - studying. 

They may have ca1Jed it Il war but, if Ibo news 
coverage is any indication, there wasn't enough hap-
pening day·to-day that you couldn't piclt up from a 
five·minute Gulf War news sumtnaJy on KNSD at J I 
p.m. (I chose KNSD because none of the other local 
stations could do a good job of this if their lives 
depended on il) 

But iflhis is the case, you might ask, how theheUdid 
all the nctworics manage to stretch their coverage into 
hours-long Mideast telethons? 

Easy. Call in some experts from the local university 
and ask them stupid questions until Godot shows up or 
until they have to \cave to go leaCh a class, write a book, 
or guest-analyze on another network.. 

The networics had to bring in people to make their 
reponing of what was happening look we\l-informed. 
The problem with this was, however, that every expen 
on every channel bad his own personal opiniooofwllll 
was happening and what the outcome of the war ..... 
going to be. 

So, aU theseexpea1S ended up doing was getting me 
more confused about the whole mess thin I abady 
was. At least I was confused in a weU·infonned 10ft of 
way. 

The other classic space filler the networXs - and 
especially CNN'- resorted to turned out to be the 
constant coverage of various useless daily briefings. 
Military briefings, Pentagon briefmgs, briefings on 
briefinp - it was all just too much. 

The sad thing about aU this brief'mg coverage was 
that, uaIess you were a master at translating official 
military spokesman doublespeak, you couldn't Jearn 

anything more about tho war 
than if you had not watched at 
all. 

It seemed as if the whole 
point of these get·togethers 
was to tell the preas as little as 
possible in as many words as 
possible. 

Reporters would ask 
questions and the spokesman 
would say "1 can't teD you 
that" or"lloCWUlICIlt" or''thal 
information could severely 
endanger the welfare of 

American troops. " At one point, IbUly believed that 
ifarepor1leraskcd the question "what time is it?" that 
the spote.sman wouJdbave raponded "dw is highly 
sensitive Information and cannot be released at this 
jlUlClUre. " 

My final gripe with the OulfWar-as-seen-on-TV 
was all of those silly little spccial logos or musical 
lbemes eICh networX came up with for its coverage 
of the cooflict. 

It seemed as if it was a perpetua\ game of one-
upsmanship between !he grapbicsdcpartmentsofthe 
different networks to see who could corne up widl a 
better cartoon of a tank with "Conflict in the gulf' 
emblazoned across its side. And, on top of this, there 
was the requisite dramatic beating of drums or a 
sampIina of something that belongs on the Patton 
soundbacIt record. 

Come on guys, this is a war you're covering - it 
isn't the fU'St episode of "The Saddam and George 
Show" or "Baghdad law." People are dying, cities 
arc being bombed, missiles are being launched. It 
shouIdn', be treated like it's the middle of network 
rating sweeps week. 

All this war bas taught me is that network news 
ian't what it used to be and thatI'm a Joe better off just 
reIIdins the morning newsplpel'. 

I bope~ iso'tanother .... anytime soon, but if 
there is, it's more likely that I will be watching reruns 
of '"CHIPs" than Dan Rather or Arthur Kent ooming 
to me live from the IaIest theater of operations. 

Monday, March 4,1991 

A.8. Not Worthy of 
Unfair CrItIcism 
EdiIIar: 

I can't say that 1 lID pulicuJ..ty sur· 
prised by your edirorial "Throw the 
Slackers Qua" (Feb. 19). Your newspe-
per bas a history of unjustly criticizinl 
A.S. Councils and particular council 
members around this time of year. 

Although I realize that in writing an 
editorial opinion. you as authors are not 
nccessari1y required to follow all the 
practical noons of journalistic profes· 
sionalism, 1 do believe dw you would 
have dooe better to infonn yourselves of 
the situations of each of the individuals 
you mentioned negatively. 

The picture you pain&cd of "slackers" 
is a false one. I wonder where you reo 
ceived your information, and wby you 
didn't speak to those individuals prior to 
publishing the editorial. In an fairness, 
they should have been given the dwIce 
to defend themselves against your accu-
sations. 

As I mentioned before, your editorial 
didn't swprise me. I knew it would only 
be a matter of time before the anaual 
attack 011 the AS. began. I think that this 
year, however, your attack hili 00 tal 
c::mlibility • 

The tnIIfitional splitI in the AS. juIt 
don't exist with this council, and I think 
thIllbe council is proud oftbat fact. We 
have WOItcd together on many iIIues 
affecting studeIUs in a variety of areas, 
and I belieYe that we will work together 
to resist the false images you arc passing 
on to the studeat boc1y. 

RubeaDuru 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

UC SYSTEMWIDE EDITORIAL 

UC Fee Increase Was a Major Mistake 
.4()Ok hike proves that the UC Regents are out of touch with students 

1ditDr' ..... : Tbe ....... editorW 
II ........... oldie ... W ...... f1I 
eftI'J UC vn,_ .....,aper ac:ept 
UCS8 IDd UCSPIDd will appear toda, 
...... f1I .... ~ 

Iflbeplof1beUoMuityofCalifomia 
is 10 provide affordable toHuaiity educa-
tion, it has fiIiJed. 

Wheo Ibo UC BoIud of Regents last 
IIIOIIIh approved the ~ 40 per. 
ceot $1Udcnt fee hike, pla:ed strict limits on 
student enroI1menI. and cut back faculty, 
sud'f, andtaehing positions, die boarddem· 
00$1I'aICd a clear inability to deal widl die 
state budget crisis. 

This failure of \eader$hip stems, at least 
inp(ll1, from those who makes decisions and 
how those decisions arc made. Those who 
sit on the board are regents only in their 
spare lime. 

Since the regeol$ have profcssionalli ves 
off campus, university issues do not have 
theirfull attention.lnthecascofthc increase, 
the regents did not receive any proposal 
UIl1il fivedaysbefore the vote, hardly enough 
time to consider other options. 

The regents don't understand how the 
option they chose will affect UC students. 
They are too far removed from the UC 
experience. 

With an average income of $100,000, 
they can'tunderstaad what it's Jike trying to 
make ends meet. Some regeats assume that 
students are well-off and, as Regent Glenn 
Campbell said, "only wodt when they want 
anew car." But the truth of the matter is that 
most $1Udcnts worknoc because they want a 
new car, but becauso thoy have 10 pay bills. 

By irceasing fees, aoJy tIXlIIC who can 
affon1 itcan e<me t>a uc,leadiDg toaviaious 
ciJde. Theaqents1hink thatbecallle thoaver-
• UC studenl c:QDCS from a family that 
mabs appR)XimMely $S4,(XX) per year, we 
can aIbd a fee bib. 

Bllifthisfi8ureMielOriselO$6S,OOO,that 
doesn"l1CCICSIIIBily IIIlWI dI8l we are getting 
rieber.1t means Ibat!he less wea1thy 8IOOIIg us 

are dropping out. As 1ess-wealthy students 
dropout, and the median income increases, the 
regents will oontinue to increase fees. 

Pointing 10 the amount of money our par-
ents make also isn't the best indication of how 
much money we have available. Some stu-
dents receive only marginal aid from their 
families, even though their family incomes 
disqualify them from fmanciaJ aid. Other stu-
dents are financially indepeOOenl These are 
the students who are woriUng for a living. 
instead of a car. These are thestudents who will 
be hurt most by the fee increase. 

Maybe if Cipvemor Pete Wilson and the 
regents were made more aware of these facts. 
they could make decisions acconlingly. 

AsoC yet, nothing is set in stone: the budget 
is only a proposal and the fee increase can still 
be changed. The regents can still reverse their 
decision at their next meeting. 

They can examine other alternatives, other 
areas from which to cut without adversely 
affecting the diversity, quality, lid accessibil· 
ity of bigbcr educaIion. 

For SIaI1eB, the regenIli should consider 
proposing that faculty teach one extra class 
every tbrec years. According to the University 
of Calif<mia Studcot Association (UCSA), 
this move aJone would cut the fee increase in 
half, to 20 percent. 

Next, the board shou1d examine the possi. 
bility of cutting administrative growth and 
waste. The upper-level staff of the office of the 

COMMENTARY 

president grew from 249 full-time employees 
in 198710 350 in 1990,anincreaseof more than 
40 percent. 1be systemwide academic 
admisUation ~ 22.3 percent in the same 

~~ time period. In COIlII'IISt, the srudcnt 
population iB:reased by only 8.25 percent in 
the same time frame. 

They can look into cutting back on top 
admisUativesalaries, whichhavebeensteadily 
rising - President Gardner now receives 
$243,<XXl a year. Whilecuninghis salary alone 
would not make much of a dent in the overall 
budget dilemma, there is an entiresubstructwe 
of vice chancellcm on the nine campuses pull-
ing down six digits. This adds up. 

[f both Governor Wilson and the regents 
fail to examine these issues, we can always tum 
to dx: legislature. Students can write. petition. 
and lobby their legi lators in Sacmmento and 
urge thelll to increase funding for educati n. 
Students can also wolk with the UCSA and 
help in its lobbying efforts. 

Seventeen legislators have already ex· 
pressed their opposition to the 40 percem fee 
increase, and hearings on highereduc3tion are 
expected to bel,>1n this spring. The politicians 
cannot ignore 165,000 UC students who also 
happen to be voters. 

As a last resort, some students may elect to 
boycott the fee increase, if they will not be able 
to affom the drastic rise in COSL If all else fails, 
that may be the only option left. 

In increasing funds for higher education, 
the legislature should not forsake other impor-
tant programs or issues, such as guaranteed 
funding forK- 12schools, welfare. and drought 
prevmion. 

The California budget crisis will affect all 
programs and issues. The question is what 
areas are expected to bear the brunt of the cuts. 

The answer to the crisis is rot to place the 
financial burden on the backs of students with· 
out examing other viable alternatives the re-
gents have yet to consider. Analtemativemust 
be found before the line between private uni-
versities and the University of California dis-
solves. 

Saddam and Uberals Are Both losers in the GuH War 
• With the left's credibility ruined, protesters will have to learn a more thoughtful approach 

The Gulf War bas iIlfiicted paldlmage 
on those who espouse left·winl ideology. 
Ameaica has come out of this c:ootUc;t with 
a renewed respect for the Republican Party 
and a general feeling that the constalltly 
protesting left is more concerned with its 
poIilicaI agenda than the good 01 the COUD-
try. The nunificationsofthis wiD beseeooot 
only in the upcoming elections, but in the 
overall stance theAmericanpubUc wil1have 
toward the left. 

Almostcveryone boughtthepropaganda. 
We heard such catc:by phrases as, "body 
bags," "30,000 dead American soldien," 
"the draft is coming:' and of course, "00 
blood for oil." Many of the 'slogans aod 
distorted facts weredesigncd to trick us info 
belicvina this war would COIl more tNm it 
was worth. All of it turned out to be false. 
Even I took the bait when they claimed it 
could be tho bloodiest Jand battle since 
World WarL In fact, it was this belief that 
motivaledmelOadvocaleJow·yieldDUC ..... 
strikes on hardened military targets. 

UCSD was littered with flyers, and tho 
propaganda knew no bouncb. One of the 
more repulsive anti·warposters I saw tumcd 
up in the Old Studeot Center. It depicted a 
man's genitals, burned and scamd from 
chemical weapons. Above it the caption 
read, "Are you ready for this?" I would DOW 
like to post my own flyer. 

I would ask the same question, but this 
time have pictures of the droves of surren· 
dering Iraqi soldiers or the CNN ph0to-
graphs of Kuwaiti citizens kissing the 
American flag. 

It is ironic thar the \eft is always com-
pIaiftina tbal the government or media is 
feeding us lies. Now they have been caught 
with their hand in the cookie jar. This time 
the right is screaming "liar." 

Now tbat this war is over, the credtbility 
of the left is sbot. No IongerwiJl their animal 
risID, enviJonrnellta1, or peace man:bes be 
gRIClcd with interest by the American pub-
lic. 

The burning of police cars, blocking of 
federal buildings. or even the spiking of 
trees, will not generate nearly as much sym· 
palhy for the cause as before. Now we will 
look at these methods with a certain level of 
disdain. The left is going to be forced into 

, , 

I 

dropping its high visibility tactics and opt 
for B more thought-oul approach. 'The rea-
son is simple: this war has given protesting 
a bad name. Perhaps this is the best for them. 
After an, the way to make change is 10 work 
with die system, not stand outside and yell at 
it 

It is also probable that the media will 
drop its obsession widl protesting. I have 
always found it troubling that our news 
media spend so much timeon so few people. 
Now we might be able to look forward to 
equal coverage of the issues, not just the 
sideshows. . 

I know this may be disheartening for 
many of you who make a hobby of pro-
testing, but the fun is over. 

On a more serious note, Bush has '92 in 
the bag. If the democrats had any fiscal 
sense,lhey would save up their money for 
'96. 

This war bas proven a long-held belief 
that Democrats arc inept at foreign affairs. 
Johnson's handling of Vietnam was atr0-
cious. Then Caner made us look: like fools in 
front of the whole world. Yet like die phoe-
nix, we rose from the ashes. 

It stancd widl Grenada and then contin-
ued widl Panama. Now we have the Persian 
Gulf War behind us and as Bush noted, 
"What we say, gocs." Bener yet, as one letter 
to the San Diego Union read, "Goodnight 

Vietnam, hello Persian Gulf." 
Bush's handling of the Soviet plan is a 

fine ex.ample of my point. fUR sold out 
Eastem Europe to appease Stalin. Bush, on 
the other hand, would not let Gorbachev 's 
futile meddling in our affairs prevent us 
from the necessary course of action. 

On top of all this, our Congress might see 
a partisan realignment when election time 
roUs around. Almost all of the congressional 
war opponents were Democrnls. 

When the time comes for them to face 
their constituents, the Republican will be 
ready. Perhaps we might see a Republican-
controlled House and/or Senate. This, in 
conjunction with a Republican president, 
could prove to be very healthy for our 
country. 

The economy is beginning to rebound, 
and the added revenue dlat American com-
panies will receive from rebuilding Kuwait 
caoonly help bUlaugrnentourretum toward 
a robust economy. 

In addition to this, die United States' 
position as a superpower has been bolstered, 
while the Soviet Union continues to fall. 
Now that this war is over, the dictators and 
conupt regimes of the world will think twice 
before harming either America's national 
interests or its allies. Fonunately, we will 
have a strong president to lead us into this 
new and exciting era. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 4, 1991 

LETTERS 

Reader Wonders if Red Toenails Are a Worthy Subject 
Editor: 

In response to the GUlJrdian's 
article on red toenails ("Joe's Toe-
naJls Are Red," Feb. 28, 1991). I 
must wonder if you are actually 
paying Jennifer Kolsky for this 

absurd story. 
It seems as if there are many 

things more worthy of university 
funds at this time. 

I am sony, but with the end of the 
Persian Gulf War. and with many 

other great historical changes tak-
ing place, one might think that 
Kolslcy would find a more appropri-
ate topic to screw up. She does screw 
up the lopic of the gender gap. This 
article insulted me, both as a person 

and as a man. 
Besides, if this couple was really 

up late and all they could think of for 
recreation andIorentertainment was 
painting Joe's toenails red, then 1 bel 
Joe 's balls are blue too. 

I trust that the GUlJrdiJJn's edi-
tors wiU have better taste in the 
future. 

Stephen Jd'fries 
(Editor's note: The Guardian i.s 
funded solely by advertising.) 

Incoming Freshmen: 
So, how \:OIDC UCSD is oft'cring 

so much financial aidl 
Freshman Year: EvelY Other Year: 

-------

~ ______ ~U~N,LlMITED 

Becau.c we love minorities, cr, 
ah - I JMan students of color, and 
we arc committed to the admission 
and retention of you people. 

~ 

~-.. ···:·· 2 ·;::0£' ...... =-
Get your Black a •• 
out ef Ithi. efficem 

~ 

Most of my heroes will 
be appeanng 31 

Earoasm Wed. 3·6-91 al 
lhe Buli's Eye. See you 

Itlefe 31 930. 

BLACK 8. WHITE CAATOONS 
OF COLOR 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

321 J HolUlay a (ffext to Do",tJlO's PIzza) • 452-9949 
M.F 8 30.6 p m E, 3 / 28 / 91 
Sat. 1-4 p.m. W,th uc~O II) 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

&~~ffi\~~~ 
[Q)~~~@[N]~~ 
~(Q)[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am·6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

'~Ir~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 camino Santa Fe L~ Miramar, california 

(619)450·3323 

We Want Our Readers' Input! 
Tbe UCSD G14II,.",iIJ" wdcomcs letters and commentaries from all manbers 

of thc university oommunity. Drop your lctta at the GwlrtliIJ" offices (on the 
second t100r of the Student Center, above the Gcoa-al Smre) or mail it to: 

~OIlBditor 
G14II,.",iIJ,. 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Lcttas must be ~ double WC' and should include a signature and 
phoncnumbcr. Unsignedleuas . notbeprintal. Wcrcsa-vethcrighttoedit 
forlcngthanddarity. Wccannotguarant.:eibatyourlctta"orcommcntarywill 
beprintcd. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 
~ Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $ 35 *(reg. $55) 
1. SP¥k plugs Our rune up includes a 101 more 1fI<r1 odIers. ~ rncJudes: 
2. Dtstnbulor POIllIS 6. Clean & replenish all ftuid & oil levels 10. Chedt tIldercarriage Ior~ 
3 Condensers 7. Ched< bral<es 11 . Check cooling syslem & hoses 
4. Ad\Ust limUlg 8. ChecK duldl 12. Road lest 
5. AdjUSI dwelt angle 9. Ched< lighls 

,~~oint M!i.~!.!,e~~~21?eCial (,!~~. 
2. Viive ~USImer.: II . Adjust liming 21 . Ched< & replenish an 28. Checl< nl recn.ge 

Replace 12. AdjusI dwell angle nuid and oil IMts biliary. ~ necessary 
3. Valve cover gaskel 13. Adjust carburelor 22. Ched< eIeIricaJ system 29. ROIaIe tires (i needed) 
4 Sparto. plugs 14. Adjust steerin9 box 23. Ched< lor loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. OistnWor polfllS 15. ~us aor & luel ralio mil bolls 31. Lube door hir1ges 
6 <hldensers. 16. Adjust dutch 24. ChEddrakes 32. Check all holders 
7. A:r filler. 17. Adjust brakes 25. Ched< duIch 33. Check ccooIing system & 
8.01 roner. 18 Adjust emergency bral<es 26. Checkig11S hoses 
9. Gas Iiller. and 19. Check & adlUS1 e.jJOSed 27. Check Illdercarriage for 34. Check exhaust sysIem 
10. Engme 01 bellS damages 35. Road 1851 

20. Lube Ironl end 
Not • • For 6-<y11nde1CO'SI"" i20 Toyota S\4lt".Idc!$JO oa..n200S~_8~pO.ogs, addS35 

Complete Clutch Job $169· 
~,~: 

I. TransrrisSlOn IIlput shan seal (except 4. Thr~ beamg NOlI!: HydIaJIk: ~ are no! COYtrad. 
Hondas 5. Pliol beiMgs Not lor 4WD, FronI wheel!lNe utra. 

2. Pressure plale 6. New uanWssion oil . 
3. Clulch dis( 7. Road lest 

Brake Job Special $39·(reg . ~) 
Front or rear. Brake JOb rndudes: 

1. !nsIaII special new pads or Inslall rear bral<e shoes 5. Bleed entire brake system 
2 Dr3ln old bratle Ituid 6 Adjust IrOI1l (II aums) and rear SI10es 
3 Insped compiele hydrauk system 7. Replace from rOior seals (If rotor lum) 
4. Retil hydraulIC lluld 8. Road IeSl 
Not. H)OflUlcportSar."",_ 

.rMd new ,.,ta. Ask 8bout our ...-c1.1 m •• for ........ 0. ....... 1 .. 
All our wortc ..... 2-, ... or 2O,0000tnI1e Hmlted w8rr8llty. 

AI prices Include ............ labor. 

o¥erse.~ ("moslcars) 
- ~ 8008 Miramar Rd . • ...1990 

AIIDmaIIvI RlpU. on.good (;d -: ;::=.IhiI8d. 
•• d •• +++ 

Towing and rental car aV8llabie. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Op.a ..... rday 

7 FEATURES 

" We have the right in 
this country to believe 

what we wanl Reli-
gious groups - includ-

ing cults - are pro-
tected by the Constitu-
tion .... Oftentimes we 
have to not only ac-
cept, but in some 

cases, defend groups 
even though there may 
be some misuses of 

freedom. 

" JAMES LYON 
Fifth Co/lege provost 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian 

• Administrators use education as 
their tool to protect students from the 
tactics of high-pressure groups 
By Brian How 
Senior Staff Writer 

This is the second ofa two·part series on the controversy surrounding 
the San Diego Church of Christ. 

Athe Warren College Residential Life staff gathered for its summer training program, Resident Dean 1. Kevin Wood leamed that one of his resident advisors (RAs) had decided to resign his post. 
According to Wood, the RA was told by members of his church 

that by serving on the university 's student support staff, he would be 
exposed to too many distractions to properly fulfill his commitment 
to the church. 

But a short time into Fall Quarter, the former RA leftlhe church 
and dropped out of school. He did nol return again untillhe spring. 

Because of this and similar incidents, Wood and other campus 
administrators feel that the university must become more aware of the 
problems that the San Diego Church of Christ poses. 

The church, a branch of Kip McKean's Boston Discipling Minis-
tries Movement, is actively recruiting and growing on campus. 
According to church member Damon Miller, the movement has 
attracted about 400 area college students. 

There are two San Diego Church of Christ satellite organizalions 
actively recruiting on campus, according to UCSD Office of Reli-
gious Affairs Chaplain Roben Wagner. These organizations, the 
Christian Student Association and Campus Advance, have come 
under scrutiny lately by some university administration officials. 

Miller, who is president of the Christian Student Association, says 
that he cannot understand the concern surrounding his group. He feels 
that its ideals were as moral and upright as any on campus. 

All the Christian Studenl Association wants to do, he said, is "help 
people become Christians, have fun, make friends, and teach the 
Bible." 

Nevertheless, according to Revelle CoUege Provost Tom Bond, 
many administrators believe that the movement to which Ihis organi-
zation belongs employs high-pressure tactics and is a problem at 

, . 

Monday, March 4, 1991 

."". 

Helen Tse/Guardian 

ntheChurch 
UCSD. 

"Obviously, the college deans would not be di scuss-
ing it if there wasn'l some concern," said Third College 

Dean Francine Martinez. 
The question administrators have been unable to answer 

is just how much of a problem the San Diego Church of 
Christ and other high-pressure groups are. 

"We know it's a problem," said Muir College 
Resident Dean Pat Danylyshyn-Adams. "But we don't 

know how big of a problem it is because we gel just a few reports a 
year. Oftentimes, our students don't recognize or realize it is a 
problem. I think they try to deal with it themselves and we never hear 
about it." 

"It's awfully hard 10 define the extent of the problem," Bond 
acknowledged, "I don' t have hard figures . I'm just convinced that the 
numbers are large enough that it is a great concern to me. And I 
don't know what to do about it." 

The problem facing UCSD administrators is similar to the one that 
many other colleges around the nation are having 10 deal with. 

In Boston, where the movement was founded, McKean's church 
organization was banned from a number of private institutions, 
including Harvard, Northeastern, and Boston University. 

" [The Boston Movement] is not a problem anymore," said Archie 
Epps, the dean of Arts and Sciences at Harvard Univers ity. " We 
found them very active. They were intruding on private space and 
taking people to off-campus meetings. They were violating university 
regulations so we took aClion. We instructed them that no activities 
were to lake place on campus, and began to monitor their operations." 

McKean explained the ban. 
"Most of the colleges in Boston - different from a lot of other 

cities - are privale. And a private church is different from a state 
university because, as taxpayers, we all own it and they can't kick 
any religious group off [campus]. The private universi ty is like a 
home and they can do what they want. 

"At the [Boston universities] we convened some of the kids and it 
upset some of Ihe parents, who went to the college authorities. They 
forbid Ihe church leaders 10 go on campus. We have abided by that, 
but we still have ministries run by the young people at those universi-
ties," McKean said. 

The church and its organizations cannot be banned at UCSD no matter 
how much it concerns the administration. 

"After discussing the issue with a number of university lawyers in 
See CHURCH, Page 9 



8CALENDAll 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Monday.Friday 

8:0 ...... :341 pm - The OAS IS Sludy Manaaemcnl 
eenler proyHlre , sef\l lCtl lO aU Itllde,,, .. ho ""sIIIO 
"" prOVt their academ IC IUS Make 1ft appotnune.nt 
(or an Indl y tciuII con(ert.nce , or recmer (or our 
y,or"lhops on IU'llertwlqcmcnl notc.taklna, rudtnl , 
&u, lbook Inl lysl.$, I'T1(mory, eum prep. etc. Call 
S34-1J4.l USB 4010. Fr .... 

8:00 am.4 :3O pm - The Lon, ua&. PTo,ram 
proyNkJ I ISlU'ICtlOJludtnlJwhose nalivelanaUlie 
IJ 001 English Ind 10 those: 00101 wort In JapiiOCK, 
hahan. Span ish and French. A dll , noiuc ltSl on 
wnuen En, hsh IS I second lanl uage I' ava ilable on 
req~. Call534-2284 (Of more m(omuIIOft.Slucknl 
C • .,er. Bid,. A ' 21' Free. 

1:00 am-4:3O pm 
(EYenln, 

appolnlmcnu also 
I Vl llable) The 
OAS IS Wfi lln , 
Ccnlcr IS I (ree 
scry ,ce (or .11 
UCSD Jl udcnl . 
Wc.oCferone toone 
w r t I I n & 
confe rences (or 
an ylype o(wnlmc 
pr oJec l 
aclldcml(, paperl, 
pe r so n a l 
stl lementS, eYen 
Jlones lind poems 
Ou" .. (( of Inllocd 
undefar. du . les , 
.. he) come from a 
Ylrlt ly o( 
,cJdemic 
d lSciplincs . ca n 
help YOll become I 
mOf~ e((ectlye. 
..... nler CI" 53" 
22&.. 10 make In 
appol nl me nl or 
drop b)' our o ((kc 
In the old SIOOcnl 
Cen ler, 8 ul ldina 
A. ' 214 ~r« 

MO(Kb y. M;lr 4. 
1991 

II :OO .m· II :!O 
am -rum~p 
Lu.ay t-urns. USB 
4010 Fre<: 

2:00 pm·Z:SO pm 
- PDS I E .. lm 
Anal)''ilS' E,nm 
"nt"'l ue . US B 
4010. F .... 

TlI<sd.y. Mas. ,. 
1991 

12:00 pm· 1l :50 
pm - GndUlolej 
ProfesSIonal EAam 
Skills: Vcrb:tl·analo&lC> USB 4010. F .. e. 

WC<lnc>d.y. Mar. 6. 1991 

1:00 pm.1:50 pm - Vocabulary o.'elopmenr: 
trUC1UDlkontClIU.1 anal)' II. USB 4010 F~e . 

3:00 pm·j:50 pm - Ac~lble RcadlJl& Rale and 
<om .... h.n"oo. USB 4010. Free. 

Thursday. MOJ'. 1. 1991 

IO :(l(l II m . l0 : S0 am - G()al Semn grr,me 
Managemcnl usn 4010. Free. 

1:00 pm -I :SO pm - Percel\ lng OrClnltllion: 
Information rrocculni. I.<lbookanal)'S, . USB 40 10 
F .... 

SERVICES 
Monday. M.,. 4. 1991 

10:00 am.)I:OO .m - lesbian Ind B,SCAU" P«r 
Counseling. HaYC a qucsllon1 Wani someanelD l.:llk: 
t01 Need a supponivc eny ironmc:nl? Drop b)' Ihc 
Women 's Resource Cenler. For ind iv idual 
appolntmenl with a traIned peer counselor, call 534· 
lOll. F ... . 

1:" pm •• , " pm - RESTRICTORS (RED) 
GROUP: A &rOUP' provldinll ' .ppon lind .. plo"uion 
01 .. If In the difrlCull journey 10 rocoycry lrom a. 
u llng dIsorder where the paller is rcstrklion or 
,nLlk. oHood. Le .... r: RCln. I .. ,. .. S34. 3815 (,I&n-
up). HSS 2126. F .... . 

. :00 pm.! :JO pm - MEXICANA. CHIACANA. 
LATINA SUPPORT OROUP: Inform. 1 ll'ouP 
moclinC weekly 10 discuss icademic, personal Ind 
social •• peri.nee •. Leader.l.indsa>, Calderon. H4-
31SS (,I, •.• p). Pn<c Cooier. 1",lne Room. me. 

4:00 pm":" pm - Alcohol It SubSlance Abuse 
"-C ...... lin,: Nicole B~hard. pcc:rcountclor. 
SJ4-6OJO Academic Suppon Bid • . 2110. Free. 

Tuesday. MM. S.I991 

• :Jt .... 1.: ...... - GRADUTE MEN'S AND 

WOMEN'SGROUP:For and- uud<Ats l_ 
In .. plorin ... llllonshlps. lCadtlTllC/prorc .iona! 
l$S tlltS , Md ptfsonal concttms. Leider. : Miriam 
los.pov"a. Nancy Wah II,. Call S3'-J1S' for a 
prelirrunary IntefVleW. OH 100l. free . 

.. : ...... · U : ...... - AlcohoIolS.bstanc. AbuJc 
Peer Counselln., 
Ceed .. Nepomuc:tnO. peercoIIIIl<lor.S)4-J03S . Thlld 
Collece o.an', Offlc. F ..... 

ID: ...... I 2:Mp .. - AIe_1UId S.bstanc. Abu,. 
PtcrCounJ<II ... 0... She .... PtcrCourIKlor.SJO. 
3m . USS 20S6. me. 

12:00 pm·1: .. pm - COPINO Willi WAR: A 
support , roup (or SludenlJ \lruh loved ones In lhe war 
LOnt. l..cd b), M,nam IQJupoYIC1.~14'()1S5. and o..ykt 
Blu band. ~34-398 1 . Call fOl .. forma"on 0< J"" drop 
In. OU 1003. Fr«. 

Z:OO pm·J :JO pm - ntE ROMANTIC COPI NG 
SKILLS GRO p, Will 
ftlk'h v.ays 10Cft-Ileand maIntain rtl.lIOfIJhlps and 10 
o\oert::omc brul~. luden· 8~\erly If llJu. Mary 
MeN • • gh,on S'Bn.up . .l34 ·22J1. 0 11 1003. F"",. 

2:00 pm-4:00 pm - RED I (RECOVERING FROM 
EATINO DI ORD ERS) A Sludenl ~ooohop f .. 
becoming mort :aware of e:l llng ~tlem . Habu· 
tnnmg.scl( cSlccm.u5emon.owrcop,ngmelhods 
taught. L.e3dcrs· Reina Juarez. Nane), Wlhh, Sign· 
up. 534·3875. II SS 2101. Frft. 

l: JO pm·J :)O pm - G.y .nd BISc:,u.1 Pc., 
Counsehn., .. ave a qutSlJon'! Want someone 10 talk 
10? eed 2 IUpportl\iC cnvuOnmtnl? Drop by lhe 
Wanen Lncnuure BUilding, Room 3241 or c III ,34-
2013 for an Indlvtdu~ 1 . ppoinlmcm \to'lih • mllncd 
pur counselor. frcc. 

4:" pm·! :JO pm - UNDERORADUATE 
THERAPY GROUP: For undtrgradua .. " OOcn .. ",110 
hI 'Ie had indiVIdual coun.selin, and Ife now ready 10 
Clplore issues in a sroup context Lader. Equilla 
Luke. 534--3585. PrelIminary appoinlmcnl nece_u uy. 
Gli 1003. F .... 

4:00pm .. :OO .... - REDIII (RECOVERINO FROM 
EATINO DISORDERS): 
F .. ,lUcIenll wllo arc beyond .. ,ular po.tems of 
binllns, diedn,. Of PUrli", bur who WII" 10 condnue 
lheir sclf devcllJ!>1l<.' rhrou,h Inoused level, 0( 
sharin,.nd InISi . Siin·.P: 534-2237. N.w Ut. Bid,. 
3241. me. • 

Wednaday. Mar. 6. 1991 

11 :)0 ..... 1:31 pm - AIe"""1 <l SUM"""e Abu .. 
Petr Counsclina: 
CcccliANepomuceno.peercounsclor . .lJO.J03.5. Thin! 
Col .... Dean ', OffICe. F ..... 

2:]t pon":31 pon - Akollol and SullsIIIIC~ Abu .. 
"-CoulUelin.: 0001 She ..... ...., Coonselor.'34-
3'SS. USS 2056. F .... 

):M p ••• :). pm - PROCRASTINATION 
GROUP: Ovatomin, delayin,lCIivirics i. onIa'to 
bec __ fcc_ and _ dTecUv. in lNdyi .. 
and wridn, pIIItI'I. Leader: H .... I'ak,. 534-34S6. 
Revdle .......... , Bidt. Free . 

The UCSD Guardian 

5:" ,m.6:31 ,_ - AFRICAN·AMERICAN 
WOMEN'SSUPPORTOROUP: Informald,lCussion 
,roup ","lin, wcdl)" foe-usin, on IftItfeIlS and 
(oncern. of A(ric:ln· Amcnnn "omen, Leader: 
Eq.III. Luke. S34·3SUIsI .... ·.p "SS l iDS. Free. 

6:" .... " :" pon - w .... ond Buuual Womell', 
Suppor1 Oroup. u.d by peer COUllJ<Ion Chdl and 
Debbie. Wc',. a wukly. confidenual drop-in ,,_ 
(Of women Intcft:SICd In d.lKuUtn. penon&leonccmJ 
and soc lII Issucs In a comforuble, l upponl ye 
.nmonmenl Call D.Vld al S34-J981. Womell" 

Resou~e Ctn!.tr. fret. 

Th",sdoy. Mar. 7. 199 1 

, : .. Im· II :"a .. - Ak:oIIoI II SUMrance Abuse 
Peer Counsel in , : Cecc hi Nepomuccno, peer 
counsclor. S34.JOJ.l . Third Colle", Dun ', orrlCe. 
frCC'. 

11:" pon·I:)O pm -
PA ASIAN COM-
MUNITY FORUM: 
Orop-In IfOUP des"..., 
10 addn:SJi concerns of 
AllanIPaci (ac Islander 
$tudc:nu II UCSD in I 
problem' Iolvin, Ind 
supponive .tmosphere. 
l<adcn: J ..... M ...... 
and John Wu. ~34-301~ . 
Moumllft Vt(.w LounCC. 
Fm:. 

1:" pm.2:JO pm -
OVERCOMING 
C OMP ULSIVE 
E ... TING: For women 
... 110 hlbil .. lly die. and 
btnl e. f ocUI on 
man .. in' ....... buildin' 
self.-eSleCm, inc:reasin. 
awan:nc.u, cat. Lcadr:r. 
Equilla w.. ~JO.l.58.S. 
Prelimlllll), appoinlmcnl 
ncc . .. ary. HSS 2148. 
me. 

3:00 pm .• :)' pm -
TEST ANXIETY 
WORKSIIOP: Focuses 
on lkall l to reduce test 
an. lcl)'. luder. Hugh 
Pa,.dl4·34S6 Rev. lI. 
Provo.'" Of rIC •• Free. 
3:00 pm·5:1t pm -
Alcohol &. Substance 
Abuse Peer Counsel in,: 
Er ic Fe-raUIOn . peer 
counselor, 534·0761. 
Ar,o Uaii. Rm 10000M. 
Fr«, 

J :" p",! :OO pm -
E NUANCINO SELF· 
ES1CEM WORKSHOP: 
De,I, •• d 10 hclp 
individual. p:ncr1IIC and 
maintain I more stable 
and hllmomouJ Jense of 
sel f.-eslccmin rneir lives. 

Leader. R';. a l uan:z. '34-387~. SI,n.up 11C<USOf)'. 
IlSS 2148. F .... 

4:00 pm·5:JO pm - ADULT CHILDREN OP 
DIVORCE: Meers ~eekly for6 .... b .Lcd by Nancy 
Wahhg.')4-37SSand Mary M<Nlu,hlon.SJ4- 1723. 
Call for Sign-up. New Lil. Bldg .• Rm. 3240. F=. 

6::\0 pm":OO pm - Gay and BIS .. ual M.n ·s 
Support Group led by peer cOll ... lo" Tony and 
ChIU. We're a wc:d:ly informal, confHknlial peer 
group ror 51udtnIS who want 10 discuss ISSues and 
hare concerns. Come. lend your suppon! Drop-- in 

welcome or call DaVId a l 534·3987 (Of mln info. 
Mounu ln V ICW lounGe (by the lCnniscourual Thud 
Colleg. ). Free 

Fnday. Mar. 8, 1991 

9:00 am-Il :00 1m - Akohollt Su-. Abuse 
Pur Counselin,: 
NICole BI.nchard. peer counselor. S34-60JO. Acad. 
Supp. Bid, .. 2110. F .... 

12:00 pm· U :SO .... - RED PEER WORKSHOP: 
Four "'eek worl<Jhop pr"'"din, skills.o Idc ... fy ..... 
Improve ha .. u and anl_, relaled 10 _, ..... 
bodyima' • . l.cadm:S ..... Feiner.1oMif ... J"'id .. d . 
MAAC Conf. Rm. 202. Free. 

12:15 pm· I :4! ,. - 1liEItAPY GROUP FOR 
GAY MEN. ConftdctIciII-.py _ f .. ~ 
IUId _.- IIY IIOd biteJt ... INa. leider: 
David 81asbond. S34.3987. Call Dovid (or sip-up. 
Lit Bid, .. Itm. 3240. me. 

u :Jt pm.I:)O ,. - Oay ond Bi' ..... Peer 
Coonsclina. Have. queslion? Wanl_to_ 
10? Need I supponive tny:rCMllNftl1 Drop by ..... 
Warren Limoa .... B.ildina. Room 3241 or call 534-
2023 for an indiYNhaal appoinunent with I nined 
peer counselor. F .... 

1:" pm']:]',1a EFFECTIVE 
PERFECTIONISMCOPlNOSKJU.SGROUP: Will 
focus"" ..... in'lO ... rhouJII«o.-.lCIioMoad 
pafoc.ionisric: _Ics to .-t.Ily acWew 
IOoespcnonal. academic ..... c_ ....... tader: 
llevaty UIIju. SJO.2237. Loc ..... ConI. 1tsII.. 202 
MAAC. F ..... 

1:" p ••• :" ,. -
ALCOHOL AND 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
GROUP: Foe _wtIoraise 
lhe question "00 I hive I 
problem'" Supportive and 
rCIourcchl cnviroemcnt 10 
explore. Ihe above I"cmc . 
Leaders : Dan Mv.oz .Ad 
Equilla L.te . '3' ·37H. 
R.vdle ProvOll'S 0fIite. "-. 

): .. ,.-5:" ,. - Alcohol 
ol S.bllance Abu" Pccr 
COUIIJOIin&:Eric Fera-._ 
_ .S)4.{)761.AtJolUIl, 
Rm 1000/lM. me. 

.:" , .. -6:.. p. -
CAMPUS BLACK RlRUM: 
In(onnal dlscussiofti' .upport 
,roup foculin. on Juues. 
CON:CI1lS, uperiaca _.((ect 
the quali.y of U/.o(the Afric ... • 
Am<riwI communlly II UCSD. 
Lelllcrs, Phil 1Uphlcl, Eq.illa 
L.t • • H. ·31'S. M ..... i. 
View Loun,e. me. 

ORGANIZATIONAL 
MEETINGS 

AMUB, IlleAmip U.., ·,GroupIIUCSD.moelS IIIe 
second Tuesday 0( each morh 111:00 pm In room 20 I 
or 221 O(,heMedia C ...... /Communicarion Bulldin, 
('nird Colleae). For more in(OflNbon, ConlKl 
AMUO by .1ct1rOnlc moil II "'MIJG(jilllCod.<d. or 
coil Thom II S"· 1201. me. 

T_ y. Mar. S, 1991 

5:31 pon-7:" pon-Doyoul" ..... jioen,. .... you 
hay. 10 sWld In lro., of ,roops and .peak? 
UNIVERSITY TOASTMASTERS .... y be perfcc. 
for you l V, .. , us andaec IIow our,..,.,....can lead 10 
convnuniellion lIIII_ip_1 Call Dov~ .. 
114.9146 f ......... info. MAAC ~r. Rm. III -A 
("""h or IIIe Price Ceo .... ). F_ vm •. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

Tuesday. M.r.S.I99I-F1I.EEANIMA'lmRLMS: 
Tit< LDrax. TM Gi..,., Trt •• ond TM Man Who 
1'14,..d Trott. me Ben II Jeny's icc cram. PC 
ThcaIer . 

Wednaday. Mar. 6. 1991 - FREE ANIMATED 
ALMS: 1M Lora.. TM Gi_iq Tree. ond Tit< lIIan 
Whol'lanudTrees. me Ben.l kny'l icccn:am. PC 
Thea ..... 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Monday-Friday 

If yoo haven'. hear by now. you had be,.., Ii"en 
clOKJ)'. We are ,ivina FREE filneU evaJuations a. 
ATSTQP. Wee .. Icll )'OIIucitin,bodyflClShl:e 'll> 
body (It, c aRhoyuculal' endurance.. vital capacilY. 
and more. So IfURRY and male. In appolntm<nl on 
the 2nd nooro/lheSsudcn. HealrhC.nter. There"", 
only I rew lefl! 

Monday. Mar. 4.1991 

2:"pm - CONOOM. YouCanOrpsmwilll 0 
Ooobu ()( M-..ily. 1 know il"s hotey. bul II maltes 
)'011 !hinlc. For advice and In/omwion aboal other 
bUthconcrol options come by an info-=uion. They're. 
led by S, ..... n. Hutlll Advocal<S. SIIIdcnI He.alrh 
Scrvlc:c5. 2nd noor. Free. 

TlIOsday. Mar. S. 1991 

11 :10 am - "What's. condom. Daddy?"' If you 
don'l IIJC one. you could be hcari.C lhi. q ....... 
from your kid In j .... couple of years. ComeIO. binh 
con .. 1 info ... ion 10 IcIm aboul all kinds of b.c. 
clloie ... Studeril Hutlll Sctvic:e,2nd floor. F .... 

I:" pon-Did)'OO hear abou.1IIe guy""'" S pensics? 
His condom fil like: • clove! Remcmbcr condom 
help protec. )'00 .,ai ...... u.lly uanomincddi.....,. 
like mv Infection andp:nllll Wins. Ge .. freconc: II 
a binh control info session. Siudent Health Scl'"\lice. 
2nd noor. Free. 

Wednesd.y. Mar. 6. 1991 

10:" am - So whal Is I W.II Woman .... Ion. 
anyw.y? Spend your luO(h hour In I SNdcnI He.allh 
Adv"""e-Ied dlsc:uuion and find OUI. SlUcIenlllcalrh 
Service. 2nd floor. me. 

1:00 pon - Diapbnocms IlOl only proteCl api ... 
pn:_y. bul Ihe spmnkide you fIIIIIl ... wirh 
lhem helps proIOCl ",aI ... STDs also. Come .... 
aboulodv ........ anddisadvan ..... or .... ymethocls 
in 1OCIIy", binIIc:onoroI_ StudcnlIbktlService, 
2nd floor. Free. 

Thunday. Mar. 1. 1991 

I.: .. _ - ...... dncnc:e In Ihe only lOOt. .fleer/YO 
...-o(_c_. WIIhout binJlCOIIIIOi )'OII'yo 
.ot ~ ........ of ..... ' "._y if your haYin, 
... ... I....,ounc. If )'011 would like 10 pal yourself 
_ .. -. _ a _ CGIIOoI in/o 
_ So ...... HeaIIIt Scrvioc. 2nd floor. Free. 

I:" ,. - PIp _ Calcium 1stcaIcc? V .... 
i.r..: .... 1 If)'OO have ...... _ conc:enti .. ...... 
ond 0Ihct ropIcs. come .. a wen W_ .... ion. 
StudmI HeaIdI Servk:c. 2nd floor. me. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
T_y: Thunday.~y 

CATHOUC MASS. SpooJORd by .he Call1olie 
5'-C_ity II UCSD. PIe.ut _ dtere is 
NOSptJI_ ... W ..... y_,Lestl.Utrivmily 
~ CIMdI. c-0( N. Torrey PIna and La 
Jalia .... Drive. 1'Iwe. 

Moodoy ...... .. 1991 

II:" •• -1:" ,. - JEWISH CAMPUS 

Monday, March 4,1991 

CENTERS TABLE. Price CcnlCr PIau. SlOp by for 
InfOl1l\llion . Free. 

T_y. MM. S. I991 

4:",.-JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS Lelwtlous 
Talmud Sludy wilh Rllbbl Do., Slolnlet . S02 
Matthew •. Free. 

7, .. ,.-CATHOLICBIBLESTUOY.Eachwodt 
we hear. rcl1cc .... disc .... and pny Ihe upcomi", 
SUDdayScri ......... Ple.utjoin us. Univcni.yLorhcnn 
Ch ...... Cilholic Loun",. Comer 0( N. Tomy Pinel 
and La 10111 Shcn, Driv • . me. 

Wed.....J.y. Mar. 6. 1991 

I. : •• am · l:'O pm - ISRAEL ACTION 
COMMrrn;E Tabl • . Slop by lor Informolion. Price 
C ...... Plaza. In fronl oflhe EDNA omc:~. Free. 

12:15 pnI - CAmOLIC MASS. SponsomIbyllle 
C.rboIic SlOOcn .. Comm •• ilya. UCSD. Please ""'" 
dial IIIi.n:p!oc:cs.he 5 pm .... , on Wedncsdaydurin, 
I.nt. Revdle Colle, • • USB 4OSOB. Free. 

Th.nday. Mar. 7. 1991 

.:ot p. - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS • 
LehsIIaus Basic Judaism CIas. wirh Rabbi SIOIJIick. 
SOl_ •. Free. 

5:45 pm - THE THURSDAY DINNER. 
Homemade food and ..... company. Sponsored by 
lheCaobolic Snodcn. Comrnuohy •• UCSD. University 
Lulhcnn Church. Cadtolic Loun,c. Comer of N. 
T ..... y Pi_ and La JollI s~. Driv • . $2 __ 

7:Of pm - GRADUATE STUDENT 
DISCUSSIONS. Join u. fOf • lively discussion of 
Monika Hellwi,'s book What Art rht Tlaeologwu 
Say,",' (Aboul Grace. Euchari ... World Rell.ions. 
InfallibtIiIY ... ) Call Usa Nucd-Oilhcn for more info 
al S81-6112. Univ.rsity Lutheran Ch.n:h. Cadlolic: 
Loun, •. Comer of N. Toney Pine, and La Jolla 
Shom Driv • . Free. 

Friday. Mar. 8. 1991 

6:" pon - Shabbol service and dinner. Mandeville 
SIC .. Tiosa Hall. $4 (dlnn<r cost). 
Sunday. Mar. 10. 1991 

s.nday. Mar. 10. 1991 

8:)0 111\ - CATHOLIC MASS. Spontored by Ihe 
Calbolic Sulde,,' Communlly al UCSD. Uni,cnily 
Lutheran ClIurch. Comer o( N. Tomoy Pines IUId La 
Jolla Shoru Driv •• me. 

! :oo pm - C'" THOLIC MASS. Sponsortd by Ihe 
Calholic SUlden. CommunilY II UCSD. Uni,cnily 
L.,heran CIIun:h. Comer of N. Tomoy Pine, and La 
Jolla Shores Drive. F"",. 

5:00 pm .' : O. pm - UNITED CAMPUS 
MINISTRY .ponsors. " 'eckly ,alllerin, 0( srudcnlS. 
Comcandsinl a fewnewlOn,ll Join usas wc:suppon 
Christian convnunity tbrou&h son, and prayer. Meets 
weekly. Polie. SlIllon Training Rm .. U.C.M. is Ihe 
Campu, Minlsrry 0(1he Pre.byrman. McrhodiSl and 
UnhC<l ClIureh of ChriS! . .... Disciple. of Chri" 
churches on campus . Police Slalion TflIinin, Room. 
Fn:c:. 

':00 pon - CA TIlOLIC MASS. Sponsored by Ihe 
Carbolic SIOOcnl C""""""ily" UCSD. U.iveniJy 
Lu ....... Church. Comer of N. Torrey PineslUld La 
Jolla Sh«os Drive. Froe. 

Monday, March 4, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

CHURCH: People question tactics 
Continued from page 7 
tenns of th delicatene of the 
1 ue," Bond aid."l amconvmced 
that the best way 10 go i to meet 
the need that re more legitimate 
(than simply I..lcking the organiza-
tion off campu ]. I think educallon 
I!> pan of the ans\\;er." 

Other admi nistrators agree, e~­
pecially in light of First Amend-
ment freedom of speech is ue .. 

"We have the right in thi coun-
try to believe what we want," aid 
Fifth College Provo tlame Lyon. 
"Religiou groups - including 
cults - are protected by the Con-
stitution. This is the same with 
academic freedoms. Oftentimes we 
have to not only accept, but in 
some cases, defend groups even 
though there may be misuses of 
freedom. 

"I think we need to be extremely 
cautious when we judge groups on 
their beliefs because that could lead 
to banning groups based on their 
value systems. That is not what the 
university stands for. The univer-
sity encourages the tolerance of all 
sorts of diverse views and cultural 
backgrounds." he said. 

Private universities have a much 
easier time bypassing the problems 
of freedom posed by the First 
Amendment. Since they are not 
public institutions, they are not 
bound as closely to federal laws as 
are state universities. 

"As a private institution," Epps 
said, "we have the right to regulate 
the time, place, and manner of the 
distribution of infonnation to stu-
dents. Furthermore, we have the 
right to determine who can pmc-

tice rel igion on campus. That is 
why e were able to ban (the Bos-
ton Movement at Harvard]." 

fter the growth of the move-
me nt in Bos to n was stifled. 
McKean shifted his emphasis to 
the WeM Coa L This followed a 
pattern of movement that has typl-
tied hi career. Since he was firM 
educated in the! Discipling Mint~­
trie. Movemen t at the Cro~~rouds 
Church on the OIveNityofAorida 
campu , he has led evangelical 
movements all acro - the count ry. 

McKean began hi s Discipling 

" It's awfully hard to 
define the extent of 
the problem. I don't 

have hard figures. I'm 
just convinced that 

the numbers [of inci-
dents] are large 

enough that it is a 
great concern to me, 

" TOM BOND 
Revelle College Provost 

Movement after being dismissed 
from the Memorial Church of 
Christ in Houston, Texas for "un-
Biblical practices." According to 
the Houston church, these pmc-
tices were dangerous, and included 
the use of subtle and deceitful 
methods such as peer pressure and 

intimidation. 
fter being dlsmi sed from the 

"mam tream" church. he moved 
to Lexington, Massachusell and 
taned the Boston Movement In 

1979. TIle Boston Church ofChmt 
expanded qUickly and establbhed 
a pillar church in an Diego. 

Renee Dunn, a fonner Revelle 
College RA. aid that while ~erv-
109 as u member of the student 
suppon staff, he had noticed the 
San Diego Church of Chns t ' ~ 

pre~ence on campus . 
.. It 's not a large problem In the 

en e that they target everyone, 
but it is a serious problem. People 
can get caught up in it because they 
make you feel like you belong. 
That can be very dangerous," s he 
aid. 

Steve Hassan, a cult expen and 
author of Combatting Mind Con-
trol, acknowledged that the group 
was dangerous. "They've inter-
fered with life paths in very de-
structive ways," he said. 

"I will admit," Lyon said, "ev-
erything I've heard about this 
group, the San Diego Church of 
Christ, strikes me as being desig-
nated a cult in the sense of being 
both bogus and detrimental. I think 
we need to educate both students 
and their parents. but legally there 
is no way we can intervene." 

Unable to take legal action to 
eliminate the perceived problem, 
the administmtion has taken an 
educational approach in an attempt 
to solve it. 

"We are trying to use (our re-
sources J to educate students about 
the nature of these groups," Bond 

• Gas Station • Dry Cleaners 
• Grocery Store· One Hour Photo. Florist 
• PostOffice • HairSalon • videoStore • Bank 

Restaurants • and many other retail stores. • 

FEATURES 9 

Sue MapefllGuardian 
Steve Hassan addressed the issue of cults and the dangers they 
can present during his February visit to UCSD. 

said. "When considering any 
group, we want our students to 
make sure that it i hone t in its 
presentations, and that it is willing 
to answer your que [ions openly." 

Wood believes that "the cam-
pus has responded as well as they 
could, gi ven the legal restrictions 
that bind it." 

However, Hassan warned that 
despite the university's effons, 
students may still have problems 
dealing with the movement 's high-
pre sure tactics . 

"People do not join cults. They 
get recruited into cults, and every-
one is vulnerable on some pan icu-

larday. (TheBo [On Movement] is 
a problem and it's going to get 
worse before it gets better," he 
aid. 

ERRATUM 
In part one of this story 

which ran in the Feb. 28 edi-
tion of the Guardian, it was 
reponed that 107 UCSD stu-
dents joined the San Diego 
Church of Christ in January. It 
hould have said that 107 

people in the San Diego area 
joined the church. 

I 



10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

Laura Koenig and Kazue Mizushima practice for "Socrate. ' 

'Socrate' - So Strange 
By Christina Huizar 
Associare A&E Editor 

In a time when chao prevai ls 
over order. when communication 
is often jumbled and inaccurately 
received. it is wonh I istening to the 
filtered message. U SO Profe sor 
John ilber has written a multi -
media play entitled "Socrate" that 
attempts to deliver that message. 

In describing "Socrate," Silber 
stated . "This is not a play about 
di course or even a story, but a 
theaterofl ights. fonn . and poetry 
and all that they behold in things to 
come real or imagined." 

"Socrate" is improvi ational in 
nature, employing Cageian princi-
pals of philosophy. Chance is the 
driving force behind the produc-
lion. Forexample. the first scene is 
a double quartet for s trings and 
d:lnce. Under the di rcetion of Terry 
Spragre. both the mu icians and 
the dancers have been rehearsing 
independently, practicing move-
ments and ge tures, though their 
moves are cenainly not tightly 
choreographed. Each rehearsal is a 

perfonnance in it elf, as will be 
Thur day night 's performance. 

Rather than rehearse a score, 
the musician s are given a 
minimalist score. They are given 
an in truction to do an action and 
when cued, begin that action. Pro-
ducer Ellen Wattaman explained, 
"lSilber] might ay ' now I want 
tapping noi es from the violin . 
Now I want the guitar to stand up 
and play the guitars over their 
heads. '" 

"Socrate" i put on by graduate 
student and upper-<iivi sion un-
dergraduate music majors. The 
produclion al 0 u e line video as 
well as previsously-made films for 
Ihe play.Walennan summed it up 
by defining "Soc rate" as "the 
Faclory [Andy Warhol), the Beat 
Movement, punk. and the '90s 
avant-garde all rolled into one. It 's 
probably not that radical, butthat's 
where the inspiration comes from." 

When: March 7, 8 p.m. 
Where: Mandeville Aud. 
Tlcketa: Free. 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lcnses Extcnded Soft Len es 

$149 $199 
Complete Complete 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmont Mesa Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 4,1991 

Reheating the Old 
Sounds of Success 
• Canned Heat is still cool 
By Bryan Dias Thornbury on slide guitar and vo-
Senior Staff W,irer cals, and legendary blues guitari t 

After nearly a quaner of a cen- Junior Watson. Taylor wa an 
tury, Canned Heat till erves up original member of the band and 
theirdi tinct brand of rock 'n' roll. De LaParrajoined in 1967torecord 
boogie.andblues.Theirnewalbum the band 's econd and most suc-
Reheated i receiving positive ces fulalbumBoogieWithCanned 
critical acclaim and Lhey are cur- Heat. which included their first 
rently on the road supponing it. In top-ten hit, "On the Road Again." 
a recent interview. Adolfo "Fi to" Canned Heat was founded in 
De La Parra, drummer/vocalist , and 1967 by Bob Hite and Alan WiI-
Harvey Mandel , guitarist, shared on, two mu ic afficionados who 

. 

•• 

Iheirthought on the band's future, decided to form a band. They re-
Wood tock. and Milli VaniUi. cruitedprofessional musicians and 

Canned Heat are (I to r): Harvey Mandel, James Thornburg, 
Shumake, and Adolfo "Fito · De La Parra. 

Reheated, Canned Heat' 25th recorded a blues album. 
album, has a gritty, roots blues "The music business was much 
sound. Thi may ____________ more low-key 

not be exactly the " then," De La 
g a rage - ban d , Parra said. "They 
boogie blues Our sound is too [Hite and Wil-
oundlike"Goin' blues for rock 'n' roll son] weren't re-

Up the Country," ally pro musi-
which mo t purists and too rock cians, they were 
Canned Heat fans 'n' roll for blues musicologists, 
are familiar with, purists. record collec -
but it i till defi- tors." 
nitely Canned " After Boogie 
Heal. "FlTO" DE LA PARRA with Canned 

" Reheated is Canned Heat drummer Heat, the band 
more of an ani - enjoyed its 
tic project than a commercial one. 
We produced it ourselves so we 
could get what we wanted," ex-
plained De La Parra, Canned Heat's 
leader. 

The album was recorded using 
only two microphones on most of 
the tracks. It also features long-
time band-member Larry Taylor 
playing stand-up bass on many of 
the numbers . 

"We tri ed to use the best of '90s 
reproduction with the best of the 
'50s recording techniques. It's es-
sentially a live, two-track record-
ing," De La Parra said. 

Over the years, Canned Heat 
has experienced many personnel 
changes. The line-up assembled to 
record Reheated, aside from De La 
Parra and Taylor, included James 

greatest commercial success. They 
scored two more top-ten hits with 
"Let's Get Together" and "Goin' 
Up the Country." 

Their unique sound was credited 
by one writer as being the first to 
fuse rock with counlry blues. "Our 
sound is too blues for rock 'n' roll 
purists and too rock 'n' roll for 
blues purists," De La Parra said. 

In quite a shake-up, just three 
days before Woodstock, the band's 
guitarist, Henry Vestine, left the 
band due to personal problems. 
They quickly asked a friend, 
Harvey Mandel, to sit-in at their 
Filmore West show in San Fran-
cisco that night. He then joined the 
band and played Woodstock with 
them on his third gig. 

"It was overwhelming, espe-

cially for the time," De La Parra 
added. " But there were many fes-
tivals that we played at during those 
two years of '69 and '70. There 
was Newpon [Jazz Festival) and 
the Isle of White - it was like a 
long, connecting string." 

Throughout the '70s, the band 
went through many line-up changes 
and difficult times. 

Mandel left for a solo career 
and played with John Mayall and 
his Bluesbreakers for some time. 
In addition, Alan Wilson passed 
away during this time. 

"The late '70s were a tough 
time for the band - it was the 
disco era. It was difficull for any 
band who played rock 'n' roll. Most 
of the clubs either disappeared or 
they converted to disco clubs," De 
La Parra said. 

The band suffered another ma-
jor set-back in 1981. Founding 
member and lifeblood of the group, 
Bob Hite, died tragically. It was at 
this time that De La Parra assumed 
the leadership of the band. 

Today, Cann~ Heat is hoping 
to capture success once again. But 
it won't be an easy task in this day 
and age of top-fony radio and 
MTV. 

"I feel the music business has 
degenerated. I mean, look at that 
shit with Milli Vanilli . Sometimes 
I think about it and get pissed off. 

HAtR DEStGNS Robert's Auto 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Nelt to Vons, 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
INext to P,ua Hull 566·6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across 'rom Mann Theater' 

455-0420 

OPEN 1 DAYS 
APPr. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABlE 

i ~ . .. !. , . . '-

Genhan~ Swedish · 
Japanese Se~ce 

• All Work Fully GuNalIteed, 
• Factory-Trained SpecIalists 

(619)275-1132 
Moa.-Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Satardaya 8 am-6 pili 

• 
---4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs'" with this coupon 
.~ __ ~ owrIIolll. Nal Nlid IIIiIA My al"" COIIPCI". 

I like bl ues and jazz, music that 
forces people to execute their in-
struments, not image making 
band ," De La Parra explained. 

"Youj ust cannot find that sound 
anymore. most popular groups 
depend on technology, they forgo! 
where the sound came from," De 
La Parra continued. 

Currently, the band is working 
on material for a new album that 
will featu re both Mandel and 
Vestine on guitar. 

Everyone in the organization is 
confident that this will be the al-
bum to break Canned Heat again 
in the '90s. 

"The feeling is really good right 
now, like it was 20 years ago," 
Mandel said. 

The band hopes that getting 
back to their roots on Reheated 
will have the same effect for their 
follow-up album to be released 
later this year. 

"Just like it happened then, the 
new material has a high energy 
sound simi liar to Boogie With 
Canned Heat," De La Parra said. 
"It's the right time now for Canned 
Heat !" 

When: Wed., Mar. 6 
Where: Wlnston'a, 1921 

Bacon St. , Ocean Beach 
Tickets: $6 edvance, $7 at 

the door. For more 
information call 222-6822 

The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

Opening 'The Doors' at the Box Office 
• Oliver Stone's long-awaited epic takes a trip back to the daze of old 
By Dave Linberg 
Staff Writer 

"Ortly when tire doors o[ 
perception are cleansed. call 
mall see thillgs as they truly 
are ; infinite." 

- William Blake 

Few bands in the history of 
rock and roll have received 
the kind of meticulous docu-
mentation given to The Doors. 
The main reason behind thi s 
massive coverage lies within 
the mystique of The Doors' 
lead vocalist, Jim Morri on. 

Morrison was one of the 
most extreme and intense pa-
ets the music industry has ever 
seen. 

Fonunatel y, fans have been 

supplied with ample material 
precisely detailing The Doors ' 
five-year recording career. 

From Danny Sugarman' 
gushing pl"Ji e for Morri on 
in hi book. No Olle Here Gels 
Ow Alive, to the painfully re-
alistic portrayal of Morrison 's 
problem with alcohol in 
drummer John Densmore 's 
book. Riders Oil tile Storm, 
Doors fans have been ex posed 
to al\ of the face of the Li za rd 
King. 

The new film "The Doors" 
~as co-written and directed 
by Oliver Stone, who e olher 
works include "Platoon," 
"Wall Streel," and "Salvador." 

The movie tars Val 
Kilmer as Jim Morrison, Meg 
Ryan as Pamela Courson, and 

Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer) and his companion of six years, 
Pamela Courson (Meg Ryan). 

(/ to r) : Ray Manzarek (Kyle MacLachlan). Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer), Robby Krieger 
(Frank Whaley). and John Densmore (Kevin Dillon) test the bounds of reality. 
Kyle MacLachlin as 
keyboardist Ray Manzarek. 

The film also features a 
host of cameo perfomlances, 
from John Densmore to Eric 
Burdon to Billy Idol. 

While the film was not in-
tended to either glorify or de-
nounce Morrison personally 
or a a rock tar, it cenainly 
highlighted the tremendous 
stage presence that Jim 
Morrison and The Doors pos-
sessed. 

As a whole, the movie is 
quite entertaining. The 
soundtrack will make any 
Doors fan weak in the knees 
and foaming at the mouth. 

Spectacular live perfor-
mances of "Not to Touch Ihe 
Earth," "Five to One," and 
"Break On Through" comple-
ment the storyline of the film 
well. 

The film also offers tre-
mendous scenes of the two 
concerts where Morrison was 
arrested for his on stage antics. 

The scenes where Morrison 
is arrested in New Haven for 

di sorderly conduct, and in 
Miami, where Morrison alleg -
ed�y dropped his pants on tage, 
accurately chronicle two of the 
mosl controversial occur-
rences of The Doors ' career. 

Fonunately, (he film al 0 
offer eq ual coverage to Ii fe 
off-stage, where Morri son be-
came more intere ted in 
stretching the bounds of real-
ity than singing forThe Doors. 

Morri on was a man tom 
belween perfonning the poetry 
that he loved, and atisfying 
the fans who were only inter-
ested in hearing The Doors' 
number one hits. 

Morrison deadened himself 
10 thi s s train by drinking 
heavily. Morrison was a man 
who wished to numb himself 
from all negative influences in 
order to break through 10 the 
"other side" of consciousness. 

Stor.e did an exceptional 
job at bringing across this dual 
role of a frustrated poet and an 
adored rock star that Morrison 
often found himself playing. 

For the first time in any 

piece about The Doors, a 
haunting figure representing 
death to Morrison take on a 
visble role. 

Morri on is visited by Ihis 
figure throughout the movie. 
appearing before him in vi-
sions about drugs. sex. music, 
and death. 

Any fan of Morri on and 
The Doors is aware that 
Morri son was a man who 
tempted death re peatedly, 
scaring both his friends and 
fan on a regular basis. Ac-
cording to Morrison, he fe lt 
most alive when he was flirt -
ing with death . 

Their music reflects this 
idea, as visions of death are 
prevalent throughout many of 
The Doors ' recordings. 

"The Doors" is a must-see 
for all Doors fans and those 
interested in viewing an in-
credible story about Jim 
Morrison. 

Oliver Stone has made a 
quality film without prostitut-
ing the music or the myth of 
The Doors . 

hag-
faslOIIGII" designed fIN 'Iou 

_.ell. 
• one ~ resum. des n 

- bring It bock for updatesl 
copies cI-.ume on any 
~:.t In-$IOd< 

• 
" \ 



. \ 

12 NEWS 

WED_ MARen G :30-La 
HULL'S EYE TAVERN (1r1U TIIIIOIl4lll1.A,*> 
S2 GOVER FREB BEFORE 10.. 
BBBft AND win ON' 8.u.B POR TII08B OVBR 21. 
HOUSH AND HIP HOP BRATS 
ALL NIGHT LONG 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• ARE YOU • • 
• C OR • • • 
• 
• BLIND? • 
• 
• 
• Earn $S per hour participating in • 
• 
• experiments on color vision. 
• 
• If you know ar suspect that you are color de~cient, • 
• cantad: Ethan Montag, Deportment of Psych ., 
• 
• 534-2999 
• 
• Relum wbjecb "'.~. 
• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

2 TANS $1 
One for You , One for a Friend 

~~~ [ 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
Call for delaols • 2nd 30 tan days $39 99 

lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a fefTllOlary waler loss ·1Ieruce ceUfe and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. '204 
455-0909 Expires 3/519\ 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays . 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F·S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOBBY 
Continued from page 1 
ten leglslalO : senators and mem-
bers of the ~13 te as embly. 

Four people will approach each 
legi,lator to pre~nt an i sue ba...ed 
on thelrowfl specific area ofknowl-
edge. Improved by the ~es ion~ on 
SaturtWy and the ... kills they learned 
on Sunday. 

Abo planned for today I a pre!>'> 
conference In the governor's pre s 
room and a r.lIly on the! 'teps of the 
State apltol. 

"Of curse (the I budget' going 
to be our big I ue. Each person' 
researched a different aspect of It ," 
Flaig said. 

The UCSA is a body of tudent 
leaders from the .S. and the 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA), whichconsi t of I student 
representatives from the nine UC 
campuse . They have a full-time 
professional staff in Sacramento as 
well as nine student campus office 
directors. 

The organization is a very influ· 
ential lobbying force which voices 
student opinion to the UC Regents 
and California stale government. 
according to Pasternak. At the same 
time it keeps UC students in touch 
across the campuses. TIle annual 
conference in Sacramento, called 
the "Education Equity Summit," is 
a central part of the influence of the 
UCSA. 

Ideally. all interested students 
can attend the conference, but the 

MleNllt J. 
fOX 

AS HOLLYWOOD'S 
MOST SPOILED 

MOVIE STAR. 

delegation is limited by funds . 
Therefore, selection is based on a 
fi r t-come. first -serve ba i , 
Pasternak id. 

The A. . and contributing orga-
IlIzutions pay for tran ·ponallon. 
hotel accommodauons, and pubIJ -
lIy, am ng other thlflg . and the 
parti ipants pay a 10 dollar fee for 
the whol weekend. he ooded. 

Thl yeartheA.S. received fund-
IIlg from local organizat ion . ·tu· 
den t and otherwise, but the "Chan-
cell r and V Ice Chancellor did nOI 
fund us this year. Traditionally they 
do." Flrug explained. 

he added that the re n the 
hancellorand vice chancellor gave 

for not contributing was "the budget 
eri i .tt 

Each year the conference has 
one major topic and several smaller 
ones that are addressed throughout 
the weekend, Flaig said. 

Last year 's central theme was 
"Campus Climate." The result of 
the lobbying was to get the legisla. 
tion to looic into the treatment of UC 
tudents, how students feel about 

various depanments, and why some 
stay but others leave, she said. 

The effect of the budget crisis on 
the student population, as seen in 
the 40 percent fee increase proposed 
for next year, was the majortopicof 
discussion at the conference this 
year. 

This year's summit began on 
Saturday with expert panel discus-
sions and student networking wor1c-
shops on specific themes pertinent 

THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY 
THESE TWO ARE GOING 

TO GET ALONG ... 

"T ....... 

Monday, March 4, 1991 

to the student population . 
Some i ues at the conference 

beside the budget crisi included 
the state budget, tenure processe , 
,tudent hou ing, the war. and ethnic 
and economic diversity , Flaig s:lId. 

ftcrpan I o I !>CU.'>S IOns. ~lUdent~ 
could ask que~tton . JIld during the 
work hop they had the opponunlly 
to intera t Wllh eu h other and pool 
their knowledge JIlO idea.., for the 
everyon ' benefit. 

Sunday's a tlvilies onsi ted of 
se ries of training courses in prepa-

ration for today. 
"11ley tea h you how to lobby, 

what you need to know to beprofe -
ional and do it smoothly ... you 

prdCtice with your own delegation," 
explained Flaig, whose prY.>ition in 
the A.S. requires her to anend the 
conference this year. but who has 
attended. twice VOluntarily, for the 
past three years. 

"It's the [best] rime," she said. 
"You go to the legislators them-
selves and tell them how the stu-
dents feel.. .. You get really in-depth 
infonnation on it (which) comes 
back to the students through what 
we can do for the campus ... [it's) a 
chance for all the leaders of all the 
campuses to get together." 

'The conference will end with an 
awards banquet during which the 
UCSA presents an award to the 
senator and the assemblymember 
who has helped the students the 
most on the past year with regards to 
representing student opinions in the 
Legislature. 

JIIIS 
WOODS 

AS NEW YORK'S 
ANGRIEST 

COP. 

OPENS FRIDAY MARCH 8TH AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU 

Monday, March 4, 1991 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
aggres iveon theirput.away shots. 
They attaCked the short balls well ," 
LaPlante said. 

In the number one single 
match, UCSO's Robyn Inaba fell 
to Amy McClure 6-2, 6-0. 

"Robyn played really well de-
spite the loss," LaPlante said. "She 
was aggressive, confident , and 
played up at the net well. Her op-
ponent was just that much better." 

LaPlante added that several of 
the matches were much closer than 
the scores indicated. In panicular, 
she noted that in the number five 

singles match, Catherine Yim ex· 
tended the match to three sets be-
fore finally losing 7 -6, 1-6, 6-1 . 

"Catherine played with intensity 
and never let up," LaPlante said. 

In the number six singles match, 
UCSD's Dianne Chandler, play-
ing on a sore knee, lost to Western 
Michigan's Heather Debroot 6-4, 
7-6. Chandler lost the tiebreaker 
10-2.lnaba and Carla Nicholas fell 
at number one doubles 6-3, 6-1. 
Yim and House, at number three 
doubles, lost in three sets 6-3, 6-7, 
6-3. 

Despite the loss, LaPlante said 
that she was pleased with the Tri-
tons ' perfonnance. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CREW 
Continued from page 20 
Jack Vallerga said. "Cal Poly 
proved to be tougher than I antici-
pated. 

"Varsity needs to do more work 
to get the boat speed up .and (de-
velop] more killer instinct," he 
added. "Wedidn' t row well enough 
to win." 

Vallerga, however, had no 
complaints about the women's 
novice boats, noting that the teams 
were "very well prepared." 

The UCSD women's novice 
eight "A" finished eight econd 
ahead of Cal Poly at 6:08. In 

women's novice eight "8", the 
Tritons defeated the Mustangs by 
four seconds with a time of 6:28. 

" It 's good to win the first one," 
Vallerga said. "They still have a lot 
of growing and racing to do. 

"In the case of the varsity team," 
Vallerga said, "1 don 't think [the 
10 ) hows what we're really cu-
pable of doing." 

The UCSD men's crew team 
didn't have to wonder about what 
it was capable of doing as it breezed 
past Cal Poly, with the lowest mar-
gin of victory in the three race 
being 27 seconds. 

"You can never complain about 
winning," men's crew Head Coach 

SPORTS 13 

Mike Shannon said. "For their first 
time, our guys did a great job." 

The UCSD men 's varsity four 
"A" boat barreled to first with a 
timeof5:33,followed by the UCSD 
"B" boat and Cal Poly at 5:40 and 
6:09, respectively. In men's nov-
ice eight, UCSO beat Cal Poly by 
37 econds.cominginat5:l2. The 
men's novice eight "S"team also 
won, this time by 27 econds. 

"We felt really gocd about this 
particular one, "Shannon said, not-
ing that this is the fifth year in a 
row that the UCSO men have swept 
Cal Poly. 

"They were ready," he aid. "It 
went very well." 

~~ORD 
r}~ 

COFFEE I-l BEING-FI'T ® AEROBICS 
.. ~ 

Oll~ 
«' 

• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 

;,.", " ·~4111"':;~.:~ 
,.;~ 
... -: .:, 

~ ... :-.----
. .;;A_ ~ 

~~;II~ ~l~ 
• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 
• Gourmet Coffee \ , , 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 
Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain food, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

A.S. LECTURE NOTES 
IS HIRING!! 

A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring notetakers 
for the Spring 1991 quarter. If you are motivated, 
like to set your own hours, and take clear, concise 
notes then a job as an ASLNS notetaker might be 
for you. 

We are covering various classes in the 
following subjects: 

Anthropology 
Chemistry 
Communications 
Economics 
ECE 
Physics 

Biology 
CSE 
Philosophy 
Political Science 
Sociology 
Psychology 

If you are interested in a position as an 
ASLNS notela;ker • please stop by Career 

Services and pick up a job referral, and then 
.stop by our office in the Old Student Center 

and pick up an application. 

TIme lion. Tue. Wed. Thur. Fri. SIt. Sun. 
6:05·7:00 Reebok Reebok Reebok 

Steps Steps Steps 
9:00·10:00 Combo Muscle Combo Muscle Combo Reebok 

Cond. Cond. Steps 
9:30·10:30 Reebok 

Steps 
4:30·5:30 Low Reebok Low Reebok Low Low 

Steps Steps 
5:30-6:30 Burner Low Burner Low Combo 

6:30·7:30 Muscle Muscle Muscle Muscle 
Cond. Cond. Cond. Cond. 

7:30-8:30 Reebok Low Reebok Low 
Steos Steps 

Bring this ad in ~ $20 per month on a monthlV basis • No ini~ation Fee for a Free Class • Freeweighfs • Nautilus • Ufecycles • Staimnasters 
BEING FI'I'{I\) 3968 Clalremont M.so Blvd., Claremont Squar. ShoppIng Center _ .& - near Lee Wadi. behind Pars Sport 4&3-9294 

also located near SOSU (698-1702) 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(I'1l!(! cunsultaliu" u"d f"iliult1l!utmellf / 5 /IIill . S20 I'll/fie. Nrst·tinw cli(!lIts UII /)'.)' 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M~t1i 'nl As:;ociation 
anproved Illdhods for problem 
cases and sensilive skin 

• Medical and co~melic ele,11Olysis 
for men and women 

• Female starr, Slate lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
IAJo/Ia vm.,. ProfessiOlUll c-ter Bebilld Elepbcml Bar 
8950 Villa La jolla Dr SIt!. 2 J 2 J 

, , 

... 

'E.xpim 4/4/91 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 4,1991 

PARIS 
CELEB---

Sargeant Hammers Competition 
Scott Sargeant and Mark Yuen 

highlighted individual perfor-
mances from several members of 
the UCSD track and field tearn at 
the Aztec Classic Saturday at San 
Diego State, 

Teammates Dianne Killer and 
Vicki DllnckJey finished fourth and 
fifth, re pectively, in that event. 

Viviana Reza placed third in 
the 800 meters at 2:23.7S. 

SUMMER PROGRAM 1991 
Sargeant won the hammer throw 

with a toss of 183'3", and Yuen 
look first in the 800 meters with a 
time of J :57.43 . 

Diane Fritz took fourth in both 
the J 00 meter hurdles and the triple 
jump. She also finished sixth in the 
long jump. Intersesslon: May 27 - June 14 

Summer Session: June 17 - July 26 Yvette Marzullo finished fifth 
in the 400 meters with a time of 
60.69 seconds. .. Mew. tMn 40 reGu .... on_ring_ 'ram .n. 

Unt .. eNl,y' ......... _n_ 
currie"h",", 

,& ,. ehcwt COUI" on 
a....-." unlttClltion 
culm'n.Ung In a ftv.. 
".Y •• ......, trtp '0 _n, 

• Sem',... laura on ",..nce 
• ........ _ .... n 

Tea mmate s Randy Lange 
(2:00.74) and John Peeble s 
(2:01.60) finished fOUJ1h and fifth, 
respectively, in that event. 

A trio of Tritons placed in the 
top-IS of the women's discus, led 
by Shannon Quigley with a Ihrow 
of 147'4", Debbie Hargrove fin-
ished 10th (l29'S"),and Jill Lyday 
placed 14th (117'8"), 

.. 14 ",,..·weeta fl'rench t ___ rslon 
progr ..... .... urlng 
c:unur.' •• "&1"0 IOU,.. .... ____ non 

.. ..-.. 

• W--'-' •• c",.""a: 
-...and". c'"-, 

~_ v • ...., ct06-,,_. 
_01"....", 

Send lor our 1"1 Sum ...... PrGgl' .... Brochur.: 
The A....,ac.n Uft'wtN'a',y ot P."e 
Sum .... ~_. u .S , ~ 
80 EAo.' • Ito, $1.-, _ ~ __ , _ y_ loacn 
Tet, (212) tn· 4170 , •• , (212) .75-5201 

I ~. __ _ 

C __ mwnlty "-h _ 
"'--....y.-
Unl......." of T ......... 
Unl--,of_ 
............ . In_. 
• ... u __ etlon of 

THE 
.u.mUCAN 
tJIfIv.: ... TY 
OFPA&l8 

Sargeant also placed founh in 
the di cus with a throw of 146'9", 

Jeff Taylor finished eighth in 
the discus withathrowof120'll", 

1enifer Jagielski led the women 
with a second-place finjsh in the 
400 meter hurdles, with a time of 
1:07.24, 

The women's 4x400 meter re-
lay team - Dunckley. Reza, 
Jagielski, and Marzullo - placed 
fifth in a time of 4:06.04, 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

BE A LEADER AT 
UCSD 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1991 ASUCSD 
ELECTIONS! ! ! 

FILING DATES: March 6th thru 15th 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 

HAI.F PRICE 
SUNG' ASSESI I 

LAST DAY TO FILE: April 1 st 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

WHERE: In the A.S. Office, Third Floor 
Price Center, SEE ANNA! SPECIAL SELECTION. HIGH QUALITY 

IWAlln 
Choose from our terrific selection of world famous sport sunglasses, Reg, from 
$75, NOW ... $37.50, 
I SUNCLOUD 
Choose from our great selection of ROSE and AMBER lenses, Reg, from $70, 
NOW ... $35. 
I LAUD IIAGlom 
Fine Italioo-mode women's fashion sunglasses, Reg, $~S125, NOW MOM $47.10, 
I DYlAN WIYFAlIU 
Classic Bausch & Lomb slyting and quality. Sugg, price from SB3, NOW ... $41.10. 
llODYGLOYI 
Hot styles and colors for guys and gals, Reg, S24-$35, lOW PIN $12.135. 

And more! SALE ends 3/10/91 

w'Padfi, ~y~o & T~ 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE CENTER. 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR, #401 • 535·0365 

Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------

1 Month Tanning for $ 34 
Accelerotor included; no additionol f~ Up, 3/18/91 

--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Sle, 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 

• 

EXECUTIVE: COMMISSIONERS: 
President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 
SENATORS: 
Sophomore, Junior and Senior 
Senators for: Muir, Revelle, 

Third, Warren, and Fifth 

Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 
Operations, Services & 

Enterprises 
University Center Board 

For more information, call 534-4450. 
• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

(619)558-1858 UCSD BOOKSTORE 

I 
i 

:y 
.~ . .:.;..: .... 

-

:. ,'.:. 
.j" 

.;.,';-: .. :( 

Monday, March 4, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Tritons Call Up Their Reserves 
• The Triton bench, 
led by John Spence 
and Chris Moore, 
came through when it 
was needed the most 
By Craig Ellt ... 
Slaff Writer 

One of the charms of college 
basketball is its penchant for 
bringing unlikely heroes into the 
spotlight. 

Saturday night in the playoff 
game between UCSD and Clare-
mont, it became apparent that a 
new hero would be needed. AlI-
American Tim Rapp, the Tritons' 
leading scorer, was sidelined with 
his ankle wrapped in ice, and guard 
Tom Shawcroft wa burdened with 
foul trouble. 

One of the heroes was expected . 
The other was not, Chris Moore 
had been steadily emerging all 
season as a major force in the Tri-
tons' game plan. John Spence, 
however, had been mostly a role 
player, whose most notable at-
tribute to this point was his rather 
remarkable leaping ability. 

Even with Rapp and Shawcroft 
out, Spence stiU did not expect to 
see much playing time. 

"I figured that [Head Coach 
Tom Marshall] would just use Chris 
Moore in the frontcourt," Spence 
said. "But when I got out there [on 
the court], I just kept looking over 
at [Rapp)on thesideline ., , I wanted 
to win the game for him." 

Shawcroft was not surprised by 
the sterling effort put in by the 6'6" 
sophomore forward. 

"I have faith in our bench," 
Shawcroft said, "I've always 
known that if Tim or I were out of 
the game, that there were people 
behind us who could play." 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 20 
court on Saturday night. 

But when this thing was over, 
Jackson, who leads the troops and 
calls the plays, stood about 9'5". 
Or was that 9OO'S"7 

I wasn't sure if that really was a 
statue of the man, raising his right 
arm and flashing the "number one" 
sign, on top of Central Library 
when I passed by yesterday. 

But it might as weJl have been. 
This man owned the campus on 
Saturday night. He was UCSD. 

John Spence came off the bench to toss in 10 points and grab five 
rebounds while filfing in for Tim Rapp and Tom Shawcroft. 

Moorecontributed 14 points and 
II rebounds injust 27 minutes of 
play, including everal crucial 
buckets. 

Spence 's play, however, was 
the most unexpected, He was 5-of-
6 from the field, and grabbed five 
boards in 19 minutes, 

"I started feeling very confi-
dent in my shot, that every time I 
touched the ball, it would go in [the 
basket)," Spence aid. 

Rapp, watching from the ide-
lines, was impressed with what he 
saw, 

"The bench sucked it up and 
went after [the win)." Rapp said, 
"The level of play didn't go down 
at all." 

Spence' most important con-
tribution might have been his de-
fense on Claremont's leading 

But even back on Eanh, Jack-
son says he likes being short, He 
says the coaches around the league 
don ' t give him any respect - they 
teU their players to letJ ackson beat 
them if they have to lose to the 
Tritons, 

He also said the Claremont 
players weren't giving him any 
respect on Saturday night, so he 
decided to earn it. 

Doh boy, did he earn it. He beat 
them from the outside. from the 
inside. and on the free-throw line. 
And he beat the opposition to a 
pulp-as he always does -on the 

scorer Chris Greene. Spence held 
the 6'8" shooting guard to 3-of- 1 0 
shooting in the second half, in-
cluding a IS-minute stretch when 
Greene was held scorele . 

Spence is accustomed to 
guarding explo ive scorers, as he 
is often matched up again t Rapp 
in practice. 

"It helps to play again t a great 
player like Tim Rapp every day," 
Spence said. 

Rapp is expected to be ready to 
play by next Friday's game, send-
ing Spence back to the bench. The 
moment in the spotlight, however, 
is something that could prove to be 
very useful. 

"The biggest thing with me all 
season was my confidence level ," 
he said. " I know now that I can 
play," 

defensive end. 
After the game, I told Jackson 

I'd be writing a column about him 
after the game, and wondered if 
he 'd be around on Sunday after-
noon if I needed some extra infor-
mation. 

But he said he was going to be 
busy - UCSD's Royal Brother-
hood of Excellence was holding an 
event, and as a member of that 
student organization, he needed to 
be there. He's the president. 

It figures, For the man they call 
the "General," nothing could be 
more appropriate. 

~ r!':I[~J Au.: 8 
~c:J~ CD - matrices 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HURACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA SA"DflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SO 92109 
488-1134 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISr 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

I 
novetty items' gift wrapping '-;;;Ioons . greeting cards l 
'~' ~'''.~ of ,on """- 'h'ppl09 bo~ ~ 

n .. 4305 La Jolla Village Drive, UTe Mall (nexllo Carlos Murphy's) 
' M 453.9993 

W. I & , OPEN DAILY 

I~ ~~NSION~ii 
'.SPECIALTY CENTERS 

r-----'rF~~;-TO"~;;' 
I FOUR·WHEEL I I Alignment I Special I 
: BRA eKE :: $1495 : $1495 : 
I SPE IAL I I MoII<MI(flQsh .... xn) 1 ~oI~fI:t:':)5 1 1$6995 I ~_~=:"'-I __ ~~'::'_'" I I I Computerized I I 
I moot can I 1 Front End I Strut I 
12 .. n-.ndIly.wlfnIIIy I I A1$lgnmgen5t I Packag~ I I Replace hOlll pads;nj rear I I 24 . I lining· Resurlace rotoIS, Moot call I SpeCial I I dn.ms, bleed & aqUSl I I SoicaolO<,cn. a 10110 I 

1IIIIIUfIcu .... tpOOfico1iono, I system.Erta~icpads. II _.a',.'''..... I G.u cartrldS .. ",,· IIOU5 I 
Expites 3ItlVit AIII.bouIow Supor Struts """" m... I I- - - - - -I I tow ....... IIgM*ll. 1 F'HIIO'ImfnIoithpUrCI.-

1 I I (Tn.cb ' - .m) Moll .... Exproo 311"' I 
I FREE I r-::-.!:':!-.L-----, 
I INSPECTIONS 1 1 FREE ALIGNMENT CHECK I 
L WlflltIio1ll MoII'"".J L MoII ... ·WI!ItIioIll .J 
----- -----------

Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Minnar Rd. #1 

558-8562 

Mon,-Fri. 8 a.m.-6 p.m. 
Sat. 8 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Sunday by appointment only 

NOW OPEN IN PT LOMA' 3112 MIdway Dr .. Ste , 0.223·2248 

CASIO 
tx-7000G 
- zoom-in feature 
- instant replay 
- oYerwrite feature lor 

HP 48SX a E::i Ei EJ c9 
bil ' ' rf . h PC ~ ~ i!!.i r:::.H!j 

- over 300 functions 
multiple function viewing 

tx-aoooo 
- a rty 10 IOte ace wit any t:):::!"-)OCld 
- mo;e lhan 2100 functions ,f~dd::-')d 
_ B.line character graphics LCD 'c::; a 0 d d 

!!!:l t!j 0 t::.i i:l for draw and edit capability Cb W C:::l C?;j ~, 
r/,;' HEWLETT 
&!:~ PACKARD Ur=SD 

I 11 )( H <l. • • II II U 

- Constant Memory saves 
data when unit is off 

- pull down menus for 
easy operating 

- 3363-step memory 
- 26 programmable memory 

segments 
- 255 built -in functions 

WGM-AOl~lfV' 
ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 
OPEN: - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 



. I 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOURJEWISHAOORESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education. prayer, sociaIzing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish 
SlUdentsl 502 Mallhews; east of the 
Price Center. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-
2521. (117-3115) 

·You can no more win a war than you 
can wi:'! an earthquake." Jeannette 
Rankin (1880-1973) (1/17,3114) 

Boost your resume I Pick up an 
appication for the Golden Key National 
Honor Society at USB 4000. 
Applications due March 20th. Juniors 
and seniors with minimum 3.4 GPA 
are eligible. (1128-3/14) 
Wednesdays are UCSD night at W 
Brewery. From 8:30 till closing you 
can get $1 .75 plntsolthe best beer in 
San Diego. One taste and you'll come 
back tor more. And don't torget, tell 
'em the Guardiansentyou.(2121 ·3114) 
ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? 
Volunteer for FREE research studies 
evaluating medications for anxiety. All 
services are free to suitable volunteers. 
18 or older, call Feighner Research 
Institute at 554-0100. (2125·3m 
It's coming I The UCSD Bookstore 
Sidewalk Sale I Save 20%·60% on 
New Spring Clothingl March 18-22. 
(2128-314) 
Eargasm is at the Bullseye Tavem 
Wed. March 6th 9:30 - 1 a.m. 
Dancing, 1/2 price pitchersl $2 cover. 
(314) 
lt'scominglThe March Sidewalk Sale. 
Save 20010· 70%on Sportswear. March 
18-22 - UCSD Bookstore. (3/4-317) 
Wednesday nights are UCSD Night at 
the La Jolla Brewery. Get plnts of the 
best tasting beer in San Diego for only 
$1.75. Check it out, and tell 'em the 
Guardian sent you. (314·3114) 
Eat ch.ap et Savoy Chin ••• 
R •• teurant - Daily specials on 
complete lunch for $3.95 or dinner for 
$5.95. Extra 10% off total bill with 
Guardian display ad Feb. 28. Take a 
study break and Indulge at Savoy -
4690 Convoy St. 495·9139. (3/4·31 
14) 
Please come to the International 
Center, March 8 to hear prominent 
taculty talk about Japanese 
perspectives on the war. March 8.12-
1 :30 p.m. (314·317) 

GIVE BLooDI There will be a blood 
drive on Tuesday, March 5 at UTC in 
the Canyon Room Irom 9:00·3:00pm. 
Blood collected will go to the Persian 
Gulf to aid those in need. (3/4) 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymenl 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (mtUk payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but Mllimited 10 companionship ads. For 
more in/ormation caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316,lAJol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actuol address: Student Center A, topjIoor. 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari-Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student Discounts. 558·4644/226· 
1962. (1 /17·3114) 
PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. NearSt. Germains. 
452·9949. (1122-6/6) 
TAX PREPARATION. Very accurate 
and reliable. Close to campus and 
student discounts. Call MIKE: 558· 
7853 (2/7-3111 ) 

Math tutoring . Competent, caring help 
for those overwhelmed. Don 't be 
distressed. Student rates. call, 483· 
7816. (2119-3111) 

FACIAL, BODYWRAP, WAXING, 
LASHTINT, 20% off first time clients. 
Pinwheels Costa Verde. 558-1858. 
(2119-317) 

Mosquito Auto Repair. Subaru & 
Hondas. By appointment. Best rates 
in North County. Professional 1 5 years. 
758-2332. (2121-4111) 

UPHOLSTERY BY GALE. Boats, 
Furniture. Cushions, Pillows. 
Reasonable rates. Oceanside 758· 
2332.(2121 -4111 ) 

GET YOUR MOTOR RUNNING I Low 
cost tune ups- 4 cyl. $29.99, 6 cy!. 
$39.99. includes spark plugs, timing 
adj .• carburetor adj. Smog Check only 
$19.99. C&D AUTO CARE. 558· 
2436.(2121 ·3114) 

WORD PROCESSING everything 
from term papers to resumes. 24 
HOUR SERVICE AVAILABLE, 7-
DAYS A WEEK. 450·0812. (2119-317) 

English instructor will help edit papers 
or dissertations at a reasonable price. 
Call 942-4454 . (3/4-3/1 1) 

GREAT DEALS IN EYECAREI Daily 
soft contacts $69. extended wear 
lenses $89, selected glasses $39 -
Includes exam. care kit, and follow upl 
See Guardian ad for Dr. John 
McDonald - locations in Clairemonl 
279-5858 and Kensington 283·5858. 
(2125-3114) 
ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? 
Volunteer lor FREE research studies 
evaluating medications for anxiety. All 
services are free to suitable volunteers. 
18 or oider, call Feighner ReM.rch 
In.Utut. at 554-0100. (2125-317) 
Typlnglword processing. Term papers, 
theses , resumes . Near school, 
reasonable prices. 453·05921291· 
9008. (2125-3114) 

Word Processirl9- Student papers & 
resumes. Rush okay. Experienced. 
Student pricing. Call InpuVOutput at 
587-0080. (2128-4111) 

Word processing! Typing! Editing from 
my home. Quick, accurate, discreet. 
Reports, ms .• thesis, corres .• resumes, 
scientifIC and technical. Daisywheel 
printer. disk storage. Per page or hourty 
rate. 563-0087. (2125·311 .. ) 

AUTO REPAIR YOU CAN AFFORD 
wilh the Guardian ad for Suspension 
Plus I FREE inspections and aignment 
checks and low cost speciats on 
brakes. oil changes, and more. Close 
to campus on Miramar Rd. 558·8562. 
(2128-3111 ) 

Papers typedl Quick and affordable. 
From $2/pg. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. 
Laser printingl60 typestyles to choose 
from I One day service available.(21 
28·3114) 

Professional Word Processing by 
SCRIBES. Papers, dissertalions, 
manuscripts, research. Lowest rates 
- Pickup/Delivery 226·8595. (314·41 
15) 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

Typing/Word processing - Fast. 
accurate. Pick up and delivBl)'. Call 
Sandy, 755-4316. (314-3114) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
Processing, Reports. Speeches. 
Dissertations, ManuscriptS, Presen-
tations. Experienced. Laser. Student 
Ratesl 753-5964. (314) 

WANTED 
Need c • .,,? W. dellverl Domino'. 
PIua is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. II you are 
18 years Old . have a valid drivers 
license, auto insurance. an excellent 
driving record, and access to a car, 
you can: Earn up to $10/ hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom 01 being on 
the road, work flexible hours. APPLY 
TODA VI Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 
Holiday Ct. 452-UCSD. Please apply 
alter 3p.m. (1110·616) 
Summer management Internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees . customers , and 
suppliers. Successful applicants will 
undergo extensive training. Average 
summer eamings range $8-15.000. 
Call·Student Painters·forintormation. 
1-800-426-6441 . (1122-3111) 

Medical and Graduale students· help 
tutor Medical Students In Basic 
Sciences starting March 19. 1991 . 
Eam $15/hr. Contact Dave Hacker 
714-856-4037. (1131·314) 
Tired of low wages and tOng hours? 
Do you wantto eam more? (619) 758-
4602. (214-4125) 
I need 200 people desiring weallh 
without the corporate rat race. Call 
271-4940 for information. 271-4940 
(2/7·512) 
Babysitters needed. Call Super Sitters 
at 755-0197 for an interview. (314-317) 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 8680 llri1g Ihls ad. (lifer eO<plr8$ 4/11'lt . 
Mon.·Fri. 8·5 
Sat. 9-2 549·8233 
WriHen guarantee quality parts. Only 7 miles Irom UCSDI Take Miramar Rd, left on Carmno RUiz. then left on 

,I 

--

.III 
l ucso j • a 

lJVIIIgo Dr. 
1Itr __ 

Monday, March', 1991 

FUll TIME RESEARCH ASSIST· 
ANTSHIP PSYCHIATRY DEPT. UC 
IRVINE 1·2 YEAR POSITION. 
SfaIiatIcaJ. computer. clnical. reseatCh 

.xpariera~. Work with PET. 
MRI data. For more information call: 
Chad (71") 856-7861 . (2114-2125) 

GIVE BLOOOI There wi. be • blood 
drive on Tuesday. Match 5 II UTC in 
!he Canyon Room from 9~:OOpm. 
Blood c:oIIec:t8d wiN go to the Persian 
Gulf 10 aid thoae in need. (314) 

Colleg. Pro P.lnt.r.- North 
America's largest student house 
painting company is now accepting 
applicationslorsummerrnanagement 
internships. Successful applicants wi. 
receive extensive training and gain 
valuable management experience. 
Average summereamings range from 
$8000-$12000. Branches are fjlijng 
fast. So aCl now. Call College Pro 
Palnters today 1·800-882·2762. (21 
21 -314) 

CREATIVE guitar player looking to 
lorm band or enter existing one. Needs 
additional guitar. bass, drummer. and 
singer. Keyboards welcome. Looking 
to playlWrite originals and do cover 
songs. No Reggae, Dead or Beatles 
fanatics. Call Dave at 558·3705. (21 
25-314) 

Volunteer supervisors needed lorleen 
hotline. Must be 21 . Good expo psych 
majors. 278-7306. (314-317) 

WANTED SECRETARY. Bilingual: 
KoreanlEnglish; Chinese/English; 
KoreanlChinese/English. Jae S. Kim 
Law Office-San Diego. Please call 
tell(714) 534·0884. (3/4) 

Customer service help wanted. 
National chain has 15 part and fuR 
time positions available in the retail 
sales field. No experience required. 
Call 452·8292. (314-414) 

TUTOR : La Jolla Family seeks 
experienced tutor for 9 yr. old 3rd 
grader. Must have reading. Engish 
and math skills. Hours: 4 p.m.~ p.m .• 
Mon-Fri . $I01hour. Prior experience 
and credentials. plus references a 
must. Call Dawn 231-9501 . (2128-31 
4). 

Will you graduate this year? Got a job 
lined up yet? It you're willing to work 
hard. you will develop your own 
business with excellent rewards and 
minimal investment. With America's 
growth leader for the 1990's. Call 457· 
5038. (314) 

Washington D.C. Tennis Club needs 
assistant pros for summer. Experience 
teaching junior camps and adults 
required . Teach members 01 
Congress, While House, media. 
Coach Kemper - Box 2228 Rancho 
Santa Fe, 92067. (619) 759-0735. (31 
4) 

StafI Wam.d: Roughin It Day Camp 
in S. F. East Bay hiring summer 19911 
PositIons: Counselors. swim and riding 
instructors, water front. environmental 
education. sports. transportation 
director. Experience. rels. Call (415) 
283·3795. (314) 

FOR SALE 
'81 Jeep CJ7 4cy1. 53K runs great, 
soft top. many x·tras. Must sell to pay 
lor Spring atr. $4250. CaR Darold 
271-6811. (2114,3114) 

Hey Beglnnersl 2 used surfboards: 
6'4· only $75 each. Welsuits tool CaD 
558-8037. (2121-317) 

SCOOTER. 1985 Honda EMte 8Oa:. 
UCSD par1Ung permit. $450 O.B.O. 
Heather 558·2374. (2128-314) 

'89 Red Honda Elitit LX (SASO); IN 
EXCELLENT CONDITION. Parking 

Monday, March 4,1991 

12'Speed SR Racing ProAm, Blue, 
58cm. GranCoupe Brakes. Fuji 
Cranks, Suntour Derailleurs, $380 
abo. 755-1320.(2128·317) 
1985 Kawasaki GPZ550 New Tires, 
New Chain, New Sprockel, Paid $900, 
Sell $700 abo. 755-1320.(2128·317) 

ZENITH SUPEASPORT LAPTOP 
AND EPSON 24 PIN PRINTER. 20MB 
HD, 3.5" floppy. internal modem, 
battery, software. carrying case, printer 
cable, manual. All for $1000. Please 
call 454-6431 leave message.(2128-
317) 

For Sale. Pontiac Bonneville, 1987. 
great condition, new starter and belts 
$1500. Call 557-0483. (2128·317) 
RT Plane Tickel to Oakland. Lvs 317 
returns 3111 . $70. Need to selll Call 
558·9065.(2128·314) 
Round Trip ticket. San Diego-- New 
York. $250. Leave March 16, Return 
March 24. Call 573-0447.(2128·317) 

Plane ticket to San Fran March 7. 
return March 10, only $70. Katie. 792· 
2375. (314) 

Scorpions concert March 11 . Firstrow, 
lower level seats next to stage. Call 
Alex 458-9845. (2125-317) 

Mountain Bike-Good condition, $60. 
Call 284·5553 & leave message. (3/4· 
3111 ) 

240·Z High performance head with 
large valves and high pertormance 
cam. Brand new - still in Box! Fits 
'70-'74. Headlcamlvalves $100.00. 
What a deall 587·6631 . (3/4) 

X·long twin mattress . Firm , 
comfortable. $50 O.B.O. Call Karl 459· 
8576. (314·317) 
Body Glove wet suit. woman's stmed, 
full body, black wllogo, barely used, 
$70. 457-3179. (314) 

Classic 66 Dodge Dart, newly rebuilt 
engine, clean interior, nice paint, driven 
to work daily. Stylish, affordable, 
reliable . Priced to sell at $1300. Rob 
942·1054. (314) 

One way plane ticket Denver from 
San Diego - Female - March 18 
Continental $130. Call 303-694·4346. 
(314) 

FutonslFrames, upgraded features, 
both $85, with arms $135. oak $199, 
can deliver 226·1398. (314·3/14) 

Plane ticket. round·tripto SF from SO: 
needs to be Asian male lor 3115. $60, 
call 450-6878. 

HOUSING 
Townhouse available immediately. 
near UeSD, $900 per month. Call 
272·6506. (2125-3114) 

Large master bedroom available near 
UCSD. Private bath, sundeck. washer/ 
dryer. Available now through end 01 
June . $430 single/$500 double 
occupancy + 113 utilities. 259·1829. 
(2119,311 5) 

Diet_ 
Center 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Free Consultation. 
459-5979 
7467CUVIER 

(off Pearl) 
Daily Diet Tips call 
1-(900}990-11DN 

~ prr rnIittt I. 50 rllum 

Roommate Wanted (M/F)II Own 
fumished room in spacious bi-Ievel 
condo 15 min. from UCSD. In·house 
washer/dryer, cable TV. pooVjacuzzi; 
all amenities I $310/mo .• no utilities. 
Call Steve 271-6811 . (2121 -314) 

Mira Mesa. Responsible student to 
share 4 bedroom home. Own room 
$280. Call 549·3971 . (2125-3114) 

Own room in Del Mar. 1 block to 
beach. Avail 411 (oroverspring break). 
Female. $350 + 1/4 utilities. Pool. 
sauna. hot tUb, close to school. Call 
Kristin 793-0207. (2128 ·317) 

Room lor rent in Pacific Beach. $360 
per month, available April. Don or 
Tony 581-3323. (2128-3114) 

CARDIFF- Room for Rent . 
overlooking ocean , house, wash , 
sunny, clean , greal roommates. Jeffl 
Usa 633·1786. (2128-3/4) 

DEL MAR, own room , $310. Near bus 
and beach, move in 3125. MlF 792· 
7480. (3/4·317) 

Roommates needed. Own room in 
ClairemontHouse. Rent$216amonth 
plus deposit. Call 27 4·9242. (314·317) 

Roommate Wanted I La Jolla Condo 5 
min lrom school. Your own room & 
bath & parking space . Washer & dryer, 
sauna. hot, tub, & pool. 2 people 
possible 450/mo + 113 utilities. 457· 
8093. Alex . (3/4-4118) 

ROOM lor rent. BEAUTIFUL La Jolla 
HOUSE. 4 blks. from Wind 'n Sea 
beach. MlF semi·non·smoker wanted 
to share house with 4 very cool people. 
293/mo + 115 utili ties . 459-2989 , 
Heather. Opens March 21 . (314) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $275. 1 or 2 
females to share nice 3 bedroom 
house (own rooms). 10 min. to UCSD. 
Washer/dryer, patio , piano. No 
smokers, drugs, pets. Call Mark at 
534·2391 (message: 534-3383). (3/ 
4·317) 

Roommate Wanted. Own room in 3 
bedroom apart. $315, 1/3 util. Avail. 
late March. 558·0571. (314·317) 

Room for renl 411/91 : Roommate 
needed. 2 Bdr. Apt. 2 Blks. from UCSD. 
Enjoyable atmosphere . Mature 
roommate sought. No down payment. 
$382.501mo. Joseph, 453-5826. (314· 
317) 

For Rent : 1 single bedroom in 
University City. $300/mo and 1/4 util. 
Ask lor Louis. 457-3090. (314-3114) 

STUDIO IN LA JOLLA available nowl 
Hugel $450/mo. Ideal location, close 
to UCSD and beach. Please calVieave 
msg. lor Rebecca at 459·0387. (314· 
317) 
Carmel Valley townhome. Beautilul. 
spacious. quiel, clean. garage. 
fireplace, jacuzzi, pool. sauna, tennis. 
2 mi to beach. near 1·5. Female/male. 
responsible. non·smoker. $330 + 113 
utillor own room. Avail April 1 . Caren. 
Neil:481·4496 (Lv. message). (3/4·4/ 
1) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST Gold ring. lamily crest and 
inscription on face . High sentimental 
value, reward. Jim 554·0373. (2119·4/ 
1) 

PERSONALS 
Had enough of weak, watered down 
beer? Want a beer that will scintillate 
the old taste buds? The La Jolla 
Brewery makes four beers that will 
please the most discerning palate. 
Check it out, and tell them that the 
Guardiansentyou l (2121 -3114) 

Hey Beginnersl 2 used surfboards: 
6'4" only $75 each. Wetsuits too! Call 
558·8037. (2I21 ·3n) 

After Finals, Sting concert tickets. 
March 30th, good seats. need money, 
must sell, Alex 458·9845. (2125-314) 

ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? 
Volunteer lor FREE research studies 
evaluating medications for anxiety. All 
services are Iree to suitable volunteers. 
18 or aider, call F.lghner Research 
InaUtute at 554·0100. (2125-317) 

II's comingl The UeSD Bookstore 
Sidewalk Sale I Save 20%-60% on 
New Spring Clothing I March 18-22. 
(2128-314) 

Wanted : Stimulating ( I hope) 
correspondence with bright, brainy. 
interesting women ages 20-35. Write 
Sonny C., P.O.Box 389, Iowa City, IA 
52244.(2128-4115) 

The sisters of Sigma Kappa raved as 
lhey made waves ' Under the Sea: 
Thanks Sigma XI (314) 

Sigma Chi: You were the magic 
ingredient of our ice cream social. 
Thank you for the great serenade. 
From Alpha Omicron Pi . (3/4) 

Rise club meeting this Wed. 8:15 
p.m. in USB 3020. Come get the 
insiders scoopl (314) 

J.ckson Hole tickets going fast I Let 
RISC make your Spring Break one to 
rememberl Info - 534·4482. (3/4·31 
7) 

Attention RISC Members: Come play 
BROOMBALLat UTe Ice Rink. Sat. 31 
9, 1 1 :30 p.m. Party afterwards I (3/4-31 
7) 

Wednesday nighls are UCSD Night at 
the La Jolla Brewery. Get plnts of the 
best tasting beer in San Diego for only 
$1.75. Check it out, and tell 'em the 
Guardian senl you. (3/4·3/14) 

Interested in joining UCSD's one and 
only fantasy baseball league? We 
need about lour more teams. Call 
Jason at 534-6581 ASAP and leave a 
message. BIG PAYOFFI (314·411) 

GIVE BLooDI There will be a blood 
drive on Tuesday, March 5 at UTC in 
the Canyon Room Irom 9:00·3:00pm. 
Blood collected will go 10 lhe Persian 
Gulf to aid those in need. (3/4) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64·9t %), after 
completing their course wor1o. , remain whh 
a dissertation pending completion indefi· 
nltely. Among these A8Ds (An·B:'Hhe· 
Dissertation) are generally found the 
brightest and most creative candidates. 
Addressing those elements involved in de-
laying completIOn. the workshop guides 
participants, from beginning to folloWing 
through and co~letlOn, particularty after 
years of inactIVity and regardless 01 where 
they are in the process. 

Workshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

TUESDAY ~~NT 
UYI ENTlI1'IU"'"! 

PAUL HAyWARD 
8.\\ :30 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar ~ oto-
• 21/wstudentlO . ~~ .... 

CLASSIFIBDS 17 

Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm • Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

PlIM S1UIGHT 
Our new method of 

relaxing penned or 
naturally curly hair. 
In. $20 NOWI 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 
HAIRCUTS 
Women's ....... .. ..... $18 
Men's .... ... .. ... ....... $14 

Blow dry no! included 

PlIM • COLOR • HI·LITE 
$10 Off • .,.1. PrIce 

(N .. "lid wlIh anyoch<rdl«.) 

.'. M f citlurlOq prod uct s formulat ed bV Ih('l In" "Iut e 0 1 TfiChOIOg o; • to r hCtllthV han and s ktn lhru l opicai nu ltllio n 
'~5r~ C~5 

A full service salon 
La Jolla Village Square 

Open 7 days. evenings too. 455-1700 



18 SPOR.TS 

.,~.=~=~,:=~~"' ................. 
- 1900 'Iogurt lam1 .. t 

: -2- for 1·~i;;~".·1 
: · ~vaIue;r:' • 
. - . • Lo _ Colony 7770 R.genll Rd • • IDa (In the Von. Shopping C.nt.r) 11 gm. IOpm $ur\ .rhII! • • 

One coupon pot customer Ecno 3110191. 11 err> 11 pm frl • Sol • ~- ... ---- ... -.--.--.- .. -- .. -....... . 

1/1 OFF 
Perms &. Highlights 

And all cllemlcaJ work. Long hair exTra. 
A~!·tlme clients. 

We $pedallu In all bnns 01 hlShllShtlnS &. 
cclorlns &. IonS hair penns. 

• 811ft lIam 
Manicures, Pedicures ~ faclalsl 

4130 La Jolla 
Village Dr. 
Suite #208 
(next to Anthony's) 

457-2004 
Open 7 days a week 

Eop.lIlt.91 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week swdy involves daily 
application of lotio n to skin and 

monthly vi its fo r evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If int~re5tcd, call 534-4955 (leave name and numbed 

or call 534-6847. 

Unable to Relax? 
Anxious, nervous, tense? FREE research studies are available 

to people suffering from anxiety. Symptoms include feeling 
nervous, tense, irritable, stomach problems, insomnia, muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive 

free medications,lab tests, physicals and psychiatric evaluations. 
18 or older, please call Monday through Friday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

00000 FEIGHNER o 0 RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
FREE STUDIES AlSO AVAILABLE 

FOR DEPRESSION 

554·0100 
The ~ il1 F~cMpharmacologic Research since 1973 

Just 2 hours a week can change 
the life of an "at-risk" child. 

VOLU T EER 
WITH A.S .K. aSk . _._ ......... Play on our learn! 

... RESPOND TO THE CHALLENGE ... 
- We offer many way to help using a minimal time 

, I commitment. 
- Applications/infonnation aVJ~jlable at the Volunteer 

Connection, 534- 1414 . .. 
- Talk. to A.S.K. Committee: M-Th. 7-9 p .m . 

APPLICATIONS FOR SPRING QUARTER 
ARE DUE FRIDAY, MARCH 8th 

The UCSD Guardian 

"-... -- -,--,_..... .... .. 

TRITONS 
Continued from page 20 
Coach Tom Marshall said. 

"Darvin Jackson is such an un-
demlled player," said Claremont 
Head Coach David Wells. 

"He's sman, he runs the team 
- he ju t did an outstanding job." 

Spence and Moore filled in ad-
mirably for Rapp and guard Tom 
Shawcroft, who was out with foul 
trouble for much of the second 
half. 

The two combined for 24 points 
and 16 rebounds. 

"We had guys who came off the 
bench and really played well," 
Rapp aid after the game. 

"They were, at time, carrying 
us. Our bench has been strong all 
year and we 've known that. It's 
just a matter of everybody else 
knowing it," he said. 

Both teams tarted the game 
tentatively and out of sync. Each 
side missed several easy opportu-
nities, and neither side scored until 
Rapp connected on a baseline 
jumper a minute and a half into the 
game. 

The Tritons could only elltend 
their lead to four before the Stags 
fought back behind Southern 
California Intercollegiate Athletic 
Conference Player of the Year, 
Chris Greene. 

Marshall had hoped to get the 
Stags into foul trouble and force 
Claremont to go to it bench early 
in the game. It was the Tritons, 
however, who were laden with foul 
trouble, as Rapp and Shawcroft 
went into the locker room at the 
half with three personal fouls 
apiece. 

The tempo picked up in the 
second half, as each team tried to 
make an early move. 

It was the Tritons who made the 
first move, bolting out to a Sill-
point lead, at 42-36, a minute and 
a half into the second half on a lay-
up by Jackson. 

JACKSON 
Contlnu.d from page 20 

"He has the ability to take over 
a game at any point," senior guard 
Tom Shawcroft said. "But he lim-
it him elf... he usually doesn't 
need to." 

With less than a minute left, 
Claremont cut the Triton lead to 
three points, 72-69, and it was time 
for Jackson to take over . 

He hitadriving layup and made 
a clutch free throw to keep the 
Tritons on top. And with the Slags 
looking to tie the game in the final 
seconds, he made the steal that 
iced the game. 

"We call him a prime-time 
player," Shawcroft said. ''That's 
what he is." 

Prime time maybe, but Jackson 

THE TOUR\AYlE"d 

-- --
---........ --. ---

--.-_ . 

Then the roof caved in. Rapp 
stepped on a defender's foot after 
converting a layup. Seconds later, 
Shawcroft picked up his fourth 
personal. 

According to Marshall, Rapp's 
injury -a sprained ankle-is not 
as bad as was originally feared. 

Rapp is listed as probable for 
Friday's game, and will undergo 
ultrasound treatments for the rest 
of the week. 

"I should be able to go on Fri-
day," Rapp said. 

In any event, Marshall was able 
to go to his bench without losing a 
step. 

Spence stepped in with lOpoints 
on 5-of-6 shooting from the floor, 
while Moore tossed in 14 points 
and added II rebounds in just 27 
minutes. 

Claremont. though, was far from 
finished. 

Center Henry Albrecht turned a 
teal into a coast-to-coast dunk, on 

which he was fouled. 
He missed the free throw, but 

sophomore guard Ryan McKee 
tipped in the miss to tie the game at 
46-46. 

The score bounced back and 
forth until Shawcroft hit the back 
end of a two·shot foul with 10 
seconds remaining in the game to 
give UCSD the win, and advance 
the Tritons to the NCAA Sectionals 
against Otterbein - an 88-62 
winner over Wittenberg (OH) on 
Saturday night. 

Rebounding was a significant 
factor in Saturday's game, as the 
Tritons out-rebounded the Slags 
36 to 34. 

Claremont had been out-re-
bounding its opponents by an av-
erage of almost 10 rpg this year. 

"[Claremont) is a very talented 
offensive rebounding team," 
Marshall said. "We did a good job 
of bolling off and keeping them 
away." 

Marshall also made an impor-
tant offensive adjustment that 

is not flashy. He doesn't put up the 
kind of numbers that would make 
anyone take a second look at him. 
Yet when the game is on the line. 
the ball is always in his hands. 

On Saturday night, it seemed 
like the game was on the line the 
entire second half. And Jackson 
took control at both ends of the 
floor. 

Not only 'did he take charge 
offensively and keep the Tritons in 
their game, he also led the team's 
high-pressure man-to-man de-
fense. His stifling defense seemed 
to keep the Stags off balance all 
night, and they never were able to 
get completely untracked. 

"Jackson did an outstanding 
job," Claremont Coach David 
Wells said. "Offensively he was 
good but defensively he was bril· 

Monday, March., 1991 

-.-. ---,.. ... __ N .... 2,..,. 

seemed to break the Tritons out of 
their offensive slumber. UCSD set 
up a 4-1 offense to open up the 
middle. 

The offense put four shooters 
on the perimeter and Rick Ban at 
the low post. 

"What it does is it takes that 
weak side help away," Marshall 
said. 

"We were trying to move our 
perimeter players so that they didn't 
know where the shoolers were, 
[and) we got good shots." 

The Tritons shot 45 percenl from 
the floor on the night, compared to 
Claremont's 43 percent. 

"I thought [UCSD) played good 
pressure defense," Greene said. 
"We couldn't ellecute the way we 
wanted to." 

"[In the first half) we had the 
opportunities and we squandered 
them a little bit," Wells said. 

"We just couldn't execute in 
the second hal f." 
Sparta EdItor ,...., KG IIId StIlI Witter 
Crill EIItIn c:ontrIbutId III thII IePOIL 
IOlIICORI 
UCID 71, a...t 72 

-
Min RiA IT"\ A P I 

_ . ____ le :Ie 00 0 3 • 
_ . ____ •• ____ . 311 :Ie ~2 0 2 8 
__ • _______ .. J!I JI2 2~ 2 4 11 
z.dl . ____ 19 1-1 00 2 2 
_ • _ _ _ ••• 3!i J21 1·2 4 19 
...., ____ 22 1-1 00 3 2 
_ ... _______ 21 ~ 2-3 1 1. 
_ . _______ 4 02 1·2 0 1 
...... . ___ . _ 1 ~ 00 0 0 0 
IDIIiI . __ ._ •••. 200 3,. &1." 10 19 12 

~f1oIj ...... 50.0I; ......... 51.1I.TlIIttDrI ... 
- &18 (GIItn ~. __ a _ 2e. _ 01~ I .. 
_ -2. __ -31f11111j.-.~r_-

11 111H11oy~_3. _3._3._l)._-1 
IGiIIInd 2. _2 . ...., 2. -.J. locmicII b./I-_ 
UCID 

Min RiAIT.,\R A PI 
_ ____ 31 2' 00 I 1 J • 
luwII ____ 2 01 00 I 0 1 0 
_ ______ 38 ~ ~ 2 6 1 13 
_ __ . 3 02 00 0 0 0 0 
stoora . __ • __ 19 ~ 00 5 0 1 10 
_ . __ ._. ___ ._ 18 310 ~ 0 2 3 , 
_ ___ l' 31061 3 3 4 14 
_ ... _ .. ___ •• _ 21 ~9 ~ 11 4 1 H 
_ . __ • __ ._ 1 ~ 00 0 0 0 0 
BItt ______ n 612 00 I 2 2 12 
rllflll .• _ ___ Dl2161 lUI Je 11 18 16 

Sf-.: Roll .... ~.311:'" ...... 10,01. TlIIttDrI 
.,. -2·12 ('-"ft 2-5. "'" 01_ ~2. _ 01. 

~()1~ 1 ... _ -2._"""-0. r_- 13 
~4._1. 111!1112._2.s..a2.-'_ 
- 141_4.111!1112.1Itt2._1.-'1l.ooII, 
Iipon<!. -f 1_ ... -_. 
_ II n- n 
UCID J4 q - It 
A 1,150. 0 lion AIIon."~. 

liant. " 
Jackson has always been known 

as something of a defensive spe-
cialist. The rest of his game has 
often been overlooked. Not any-
more. 

"Not to slight Tim Rapp - he 
should bean AlI-American," Wells 
said. "But if 1 had to pick a most 
valuable player of that team, it 
would .be Darvin." 

Jackson just laughed. 
. "11lat'skind offunny," Jackson 
said, "because [UCSD Head Coach 
Tom Marshall] showed us the 
scouting reports and they said if 
you're going to lose 10 the TrifoOS, 
let Darvin Jackson beat you .... " 

"If that's what they want to do, 
that's fine wid! us," Rapp said 

That's fine because if it's up to 
Jackson, he will find a way. 

Monday, March .,1991 The UCSD G\W'dian 

SPRING BREAK 
FREE AIRPORT/AMTRAK 

SHUTrLES 
Leave March 23 &. 24 
Return March 30 &. 31 

AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center-Third Floor-Room 8 
All Slude"(s Art Invi(ed (0 Antnd 

MACWAVE 
UCSD Macintosh Computer User's Group 
FII'St Meeting of the year! 
Monday, March 4, 6:30pm 
Price Center Gallery B 
W. wiD "'lIppoilllUt~ IN'" ofJk.n GU dllcllUU.~ lite locus of III. group. 
AJIII" TIP' ",ill be II~ 10 IIlUtHr 1IlI'I'"IIIo"" p"., cIIIJ 587·7987/or ""'" W"""""", 

Amnesty International 
General Meeting 
Wednesday, March 6, 5:30pm 
Berldey Room, 2nd Floor Price Center 

International Club 
Information Meeting 
Monday, March 4, 7pm 
International Center, Lounge 
Mairead Keane will be speaking. 

ASCE 
General Meeting 
Thursday, March 7, 6pm 
Price Center Gallery B 
Mike Schilling 0/ Picfic Enginuring will bt speaking. 

WARREN STUDENT REP NEED!!! 
Studeri cqaniwion filWJCe board. applications available in the Warren Dean's 
Off'1CC. Located On the Second Floor of the Literature Building. 
Dadllae March 7th. For more information Ester at 270-6457. 

CWDFILM 
"Dance of Hope" 
March 8, 7PM 
Solis Hall, Room 107 
Admission Free 

NEWSFLASHES i. prodIIc:ed by die ASUCSD. Use !be "I: '",u·LJ\;,n.tA) 
10 pIIICe .. I!dWI tiaemelle. Ada .elllbject to aYlilability 01 ..-e. De8dline i. evay WeGIeIcI8y 
for !he ratJowiJla Monday ~. DIop off 8IId PidI: up of III NewafIaahes fonnsile 10 be done 

the AS Sec:m.y - Third Floor of the Price C-. Contact 5~~ for more inronnMion. 

RISC··RADICALL Y INCLINED SKI CLUB 
SIti in shorts! We're goinS 10 Jackson Hole, WY for Spring Break! March 23-
30. Tickets at lhe BOll Office, or call our office at 5344482 Tuesday-Friday 
10am- 2pm. For additional info call John at 273-2145 

PACIFIC MARTIAL ARTS at UCSD 
Traditional Kanue for the Beginner. 
Sunday, 3-5pm al Spanos Center, North Side of Campus 

Tuesday, 9·IOpm at the Main Gym. North Balcony 
For more infonnation call Jerry a1452·1121 

TIPSY TAXI WILL GIVE YOU A SAFE RIDE HOME 
Fridays and Saturdays lOpm-2am (February I-March 16, 1991) 
Call 234-6161 -Must Have StudentlD. (Radius 15 miles, additional miles will 
be paid by students) Sponsored by ASUCSD . 

PLEA -- PRE LAW EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 
Meeling: Wednesdays, 5:00 pm 

Oasis AMell (Old Bookstore) 
Everyone welcome!!! Meel others who share your interest in LAW!!! 
Contact Serena 558-9021 for questions 

PREDATOR 
AS Film Series 
Thursday & Saturday, 6:30pm. 9:00pm, II :30 pm. Price Center Theatre 
$1.00 

REGGAE FESTIVAL 
Sunday, March lO, 12:00 - 6:00 pm, Price Center Plaza 
Joe Higgs, Culture, Cardiff Reefers, African Stars 

Filing dates: March 6 - March 15 
Last Day to tile: April 1, 8am - 4pm 
Where: AS Office, 3rd floor, 
Price Center. 
Contact: Anna at 534-4450 for more 
infonnation. 

RUN FOR OFFICE 
IN T'HE ASUCSD 
ELECTIONS • 

EXECUTIVES 
President, VP Adminislration, VP Finance, 
and VP External Affairs. 

COMMISSIONERS 
Communications, Public Relations, 
Programming, Academic Affairs, University 
Center Board and Operations/Services & 
Enterprises. 

SENATORS 
Sophomore, Iunior and Senior Senators for: 
Fifth, Muir, Revel1e. Third, and Warren. 

, 

.'. 
, 

, , 

\, 

19 



20 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER . - _ ,:: _ ~', 

Darvin, Darvin, 
And ... Darvin 
I F I WA TO PICK OUT TIiE primary rea ons UCSO's men's basketball team won 
its first round playoff game over 
Claremont on Saturday night,l 
could point to any number of 
factors . 

I could point 10 Ihe trength 
of UCSO's bench - Chris 
Moore and John Spen e in 
particular - who re ponded 
when Tim Rapp went down early 
in the econd half. I cou ld 
highlight the ferociou play of 
Gordon McNeill, whose phy ical 
involvement in the game 
appeared to ignite hi fellow 
player . I could i olate the 
scoring of Tom Shawcroft and 
Rick Batt. I could even analyze 
the home court advantag . where 
over 1,600 people paid admi -
ion to witness the fe tivitie 

(albeit not all UCSO faithful) . 
Or I could do the logical thing. 

I COULD POINT to Oarvin Jack on. 
Oh, ure, hi tats weren ' t all 

that amazing: 13 point ,six 
assists. two ste.11 . Nothing alI 
that pecial. That i ,of cour e. 
until you realize when the 5'9" 
point guard put most of the e 
tat together: during the last 10 

minutes. 
In fact, he scored 11 of his 13 

points in this time frame. And it 
is little coincidence that he 
cored three of the team's four 

points in the final minute, adding 
a crucial, crucial steal to boot. 

But Jack on wouldn't take the 
credit for his team ' victory. 

" It was a concerted effort, it 
wa n't mine," Jackson aid after 
the game. 

O KAy, O ARVIN. Everything ' a concerted 
effort. You can' t win all by 
yourself. But let me a k you 
something: what would have 
happened if you weren ' t there 
la t night? Thi was your game. 
The game of your life. 

Jackson admitted that thi was 
hi greate t athletic moment, but 
was quick to stay focu ed: his 
team i in the playoffs, and he 
doesn't want to get ahead of 
himself. 

But right now, he doesn ' t 
have to get ahead of anybody. 
He's leading by a mile - racing 
down the court leaving trail of 
Stags in hi track . And he's 
miling all the while. 

At 5'9", Jack on and fe1\ow 
teammate Rodney Lusain were 
the two mallest players on the 

See PHILLER, Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, March., 1991 

NCAA DIVISION'" MEN'S BASKETBAll CHAMPIONSHIP -.,i ( )'.1) I<l)[ '.1) 

UCSD Advances to the Sweet 16 
• Rapp goes down, 
but Jackson and the 
bench take over and 
lead Tritons to 76-72 
win over Claremont 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

An eerie hush fell over the 
UCSO Main Gym Saturday 
night. In the midst of the second 
round NCAA tournament game 
between UCSD and Claremont, 
All-American guard Tim Rapp 
had just crumpled to the ground 

RELA TED ITEMS 

• THE BENCH: The Tri-
tons' depth proved to be 
crucial in the game's 
outcome ............. PAGE 15 
• BRACKET: An updated 
look at the rest of the 
toumament ......... PAGE 18 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
The Tritons surround injured guard Tim Rapp as they celebrate the first NCAA tournament win 
in the program 's history. UCSD will travel to Otterbein (OH) this Friday for the NCAA sectionals. 

in a heap, his face contorted in 
pain, and his hand desperately 
grabbing his ankle. 

Caught in a tie game at the 
time, UCSD suddenly found 
itselfin desperate need of some 
help. And help emerged from 
some unlikely sources. The Little General Who Did 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Darvin Jackson took control 
of the Tritons down the 
stretch as UCSD won 76-72. 

• Point guard Darvin 
Jackson sparks 
Tritons to victory in the 
second half 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

DarvinJackson has always seen 
himselfas the General of the UCSO 
men's basketball team. And when 
the troops go down, generals have 
to take control. 

On Saturday night, Jackson took 
control. 

When All-American guard Tim 
Rapp was knocked out of the game 
with an ankle injury just seconds 

Rusty Tritons 
Swept 9-0 
• Women's tennis falls to 
Western Michigan in a five-
hour marathon contest 
By Aaron Friedland 
Staff Writer 

Perhaps the recent rain howers that soaked 
Southern California left the UCSO women's 
tennis team a bit rusty. The Tritons dropped 
a five-hour marathon to Oivision I We tern 
Michigan 9-0 on Saturday afternoon. 

UCSO Head Coach Liz LaPlante noted 
that the team had endured a bad week due to 
the rain. Pract ice was aborted all week be-
cause of the mid-winter showers, and Friday's 
scheduled match against Claremont wa can-
celled. 

into the second half, Jackson took 
charge. He kept the Tritons run-
ning on five cylinders all night, 
and when the game was on the line, 
he took over. 

"I didn't want everyone to use 
[Rapp's injury] as a scapegoat," 
Jackson said. "After [Rapp] went 
down, he kind of helped me rec-
ognize that I had to take charge. So 
I took that initiative." 

Jackson played every minute 
after Rapp's injury. And he kept 
the Tritons together. Every time it 
looked like Claremont was ready 
to make a run, the 5 '9" point guard 
would bring the Tritons back. 

See JACKSON, Page 18 

Buoyed by the efforts of 
Darvin Jackson, Chris Moore, 
and John Spence, the UCSO 
men 's basketball team raced 
and pressed its way to a 76-72 
victory and the right to face 
Otterbein (OH) Friday night in 
Ohio. 

The normally gun-shy 
Jackson took control of the of-
fense in the second half, pour-
ing in 13 points on the night, 
including several key buckets 
with the game still in the bal-
ance. 

"He took over the game in 
the second half," UCSD Head 

See TRITONS, Page 18 

UCSDCrew 
SwarnpsCaI 
Poly-Again 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

The stormy weekend rains barely rocked 
the boat for the UCSO men's and women's 
crew teams in their weekend races against 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. In all but one 
race - women 's' varsity - the Tritons 
rowed past the Mustangs without looking 
back. 

In the women's varsity eight race, 
UCSD's "A" and "S" teams finished sec-
ond and third, at 5:48 and 6:04 respectively, 
trailing the Mustangs by four seconds. The 
race was close for the first 1,000 meters, 
but in the final 700 meters of the course, 
Cal Poly pulled ahead. A a result, an unprepared group of Tri-

ton faced a tough Oivi ion I opponent. 
"We tern Michigan was tougher and more 

See W. TENNIS. Page 13 

..... Inll., Kolsky/Guardian 
Carla Nicholas, along with partner Robyn Inaba, 
lost in straight sets Saturday aftemoon 6-3, 6-1. 

"I'm disappointed. We didn't do as well 
in varsity," women's crew Head Coach 

See CREW, Page 13 

, , 

" 


