
.... 

PhoIos by Jennifer KoIsky/Guwlian 

for many homosexual white-<:ollar workers, 
coming out of the closet can be a serious 
blow to job security. 

• LGBA joins protestors at 
San Diego's State Building 
By PhlUp Michaels 
and David Snow 
Guardian Reporters 

UCSD student participated in a noon-
time rally Friday in downtown San Diego to 
protest Governor Wilson' veto of a bill 
designed to grant homosexuals protection 
against job discrimination. 

The rally, held in front of the State 
Building on Front Street. was attended by a 
crowd of approximately 500 tudents, pro-
fessional and gay right activists. 

"Thi mlly is important because this is 
Wilson's hometown." said VjctorCastillo, 
president of the Uptown Democmtic Club 
and key speaker at the protest. "People are 
not satisfied, but outraged that he [Wilson] 
has not acknowledged us." 

The rally began as protesters marched in 
front of the Employment Development De-
partment building, chanting anti-Wi 1500 slo-
gan and carrying igns condemning the 
Governor as a "whore to his own ambition," 
and comparing him to Juda Iscariot. The 

See RAUY, Page 10 

NO MORE 
TALKING, NO' 
MORE . LIES!! 

ISIS Causes 
More Delays at 
Cashiers Office 
• On-campus parking grace period 
will be extended through Oct. 13 
By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Plagued by a slow computer and a backlog of 
fee payments, UCSD officials were forced to 
close the Central Cashier's office for two day~ 
last week and to extend free on-campus parking 
through Oct. 13. 

According to UCSD Bursar Howard Fisher, 
theCentml Cashier'soffice was closed lastThurs-
day and Friday in order to process a massive pile-
up of registration fee payments. 

"On Thursday, we proce sed 1.728 regi ·tm-
tion payment ," Fisher said. "We had people 
coming in at six in the morning in order to get a 
head tart." 
. Fisher said that the balance of the payment 

backlog was entered into the computers on Fri-
day, bringing that aspect of the computer system 
up-to-date. 

The cashier's office will be "back in busi-
ne .. on Monday, Oct. 7, Fisher said. 

He explained that due to the emphasis on 
processing registration payments during the two 
days the cashier's office was closed, the parking 
grace period will be extended another week, to 
Oct. 13. 

"We're giving preference to [regi tration] 
fees, because that 's really a tudent 's ticketlo the 
game," Fisher said. 

According to Stacey McCullough, an admin-
istrative assistant at the UCSD parking office, 
the grace period allows anyone to park in yellow 
parking spaces on campus. It does not permit 
parking in meters, green, red or reserved paces. 

McCullough said that the parking grace pe-
riod has "never been extended this long" before. 

Ralllers carrying anti-Wilson and anti-Yeto signs gathered outside the State Building. 

Due to the delay in processing registration 
fees, Vice Chancellor of Undergr.lduate Affairs 
Joseph Watson sent a memo to all departments 
on campus last week, requesting that they accept 
student identification cards that have no registra-
tion stickers. 

See ISIS, Page 13 

Tax on Joumals Decreases Ubrary's Buying Power 
• Suffering under new budget 
pressures, UCSD Libraries face 
more cuts in material purchases 

• By ErIc ScmIIdt 
Associate News Editor 

Take the ex isting state budget shortfall and the 
increasing cost of books, and then add in a new 
state sales tax on periodicals to the expanding list 
of woes impacting the University of California 
library system. 

At UCSD alone, taxes on periodicals are pro-
jected. to cut $182,000 off the library system's 
shrinking budget, according to UCSD Associate 
University Librarian George Soete. But, he said, 
"the sales tax is just another cut" 

Soete noted that UCSD libraries had already 
identified $290,000 worth of journals to cancel 
last spring. "Then this sales tax came along," he 
said. 

To compellsate for the deeper spending cuts, 
Soetc said the UCSD Library "can do some 
furthercancellations, but we will probably take it 
outofboob. "Money IhIa would have been spent 
on boob will go into journals. 

According to Soete, about $3 million ~s tagged 
for the 1991-92 year for alI purchases. About 
$2.j mi1lion«1hIl wiD JOto joumals, which now 
.... up roqb1y 60 pcn;en. 01 library maIeriaIs. 

A bID ..... y ..... Ihrouah Ihc stile lqis-
IIIbn wiD help the blnry bar the new tax. The 

THE LITERARY DECLINE 
• The volume of materials purchased per student per year has dropped over the last six years. 

law exempts non-profit journals without adver-
tising from the tax. 

However, Soete said, that means library staff 
will have to look through 23,000 journals to see 
if they contain any advenising. To make the 
situation ~ difficult, the ~tate Depanment of 
Taxation will audit the libraries, so the staff will 
have to search very carefully. 

Soete said the' cuts will affect students and 
faculty in several ways. 

"The fine thing is dull it makes thinp a lot less 

Katy ardIan 
convenient for students and faculty ... it will 
impact the journal duplicates in the different 
libraries," he said. 

Because of the cuts, the library sy tern will be 
able to order fewer copies for the severallibrar-
ies on campus, making copies more difficult to 
obtain. In addition, fewer books will be avail-
able. Thus, the cuts will cause delays as library 
users try to obtain materials from other libraries 
through the inter-library loan system. 

See TAX, Page 9 



.. 

2 NEWS 

New Biomedical Rel.arch Unit at 
UCSD Approved by Regents 

The UC Resents have IIpIJI'OVed a new JaCIII'Ch unit 
which will add 10 U~D'. IIady atrona biomedical 
research orpnization.. 

The insIilUfe" function& will include boIdiDa work-
shops and seminara and helpinc C8II1'US raarchm 
communicare widt indusuy. 

'1biI will fOlIa' inteRlilciplinlry ..... dllO we can 
get toaetherpeople widtdifferenl tJIck&rounds and differ-
ent experiences," said bioen&ineainl profeasor Shu 
0Uen. the author of the propoal vowd on by !be rqenIS. 

"For example, to understand hemodynamics. we must 
use fluid dynamics priqciples so we can use engineering 
approaches to analyze biomedical problems," he said. 

The new institute is one of several Orpniud RescaId1 
Units (ORUs) 00 the UCSD campus. "Its mission is 
primarily research, raIher than education." Chien said. 

However, the institute could have a direct effect on 
graduate education, Chien added. "It will help getadviscrs 
from other areas so the student can do things at the 
interface [level]." 

- ANDREW KUNGLER 

Chemistry Department Offers 
Variety of Lectures, Seminars 
Organic Chemistry S~minars 

• Monday, October 7 - Fritz Vogde of the Univer-
sity of Bonn will present "Reccnt Advances in Suprwno-
lecular Chemistry" III 4 p.m. in USB room 2622. 

• Monday, October 14 - Stephen Hanessian of the 
University of Montreal will present "'The Continuing 
Olallengc of Stereochemical Control in Organic Synthe-
sis" al 4 p.m. in USB room 2622. 
/fUJrganic Ch~mistry S~minars 

• Thursday, October 10 - Owtes Manin of Colo-
rado State University will present "Conductive Polymer 
Microstructures - Tubules; Fibrils, and Ultrathin Films" 
at 4 p.rn. in Galbraith Hall room 1118. 

Calvin a~ Hobbes 

The UCSD GUII'diaa 

• Friday •. OcIaI:IIr 18 - TimodIy ..... GfVI8datIiI& 
Univenity wlll praeat "Recent DevelopllMlOa. ill 
OrpnoeDrelino .... 0IemiIby: Upad IIdlNPI _ 
SIIUCIUIe RoIcciviIy" 1& 4 pm. in Pdenon HIlI 103. 
Phy$icQI CItembIry s-bttIr 

• TueadaY. 0I:e0ber 8- Fr'IDcJsco ZIcra wD1 .,.... 

~, 0ctDbcr 7,1991 

"McdlaniIm for Ibe ClwmiAI V.,.. Deposition of"'llll":::M1 
Films fromdJeirCarbonyls" 814 p.rn. in Urey Hall room 2102. 
Biochemistry SemiItar 

• ThursdaY. Ocfober 10- Daniel KniJl*aoflbe UCSD 
DcpanrnenI of 0Iemisay wiD presenr "CryD SaucIuIe of 
die Cat.ilytic SubuaiJofcAMP-dependent PrOIeiD Kiaue" 1& 
4 p.m. in the CMG I..cIc:IaR Room. . 
Eigltl«ndI AIWIIII c.Jbiocltt", LectwuIIip III CItemlltr7 

Dr. OuiImpberT. WalIh oflbrvard MedicII Scbool wiD 
be prescntinalbe foUowioa Iectura: 

• Monday. October 14 - "Molecular Studiea 011 abe 
Cyclopbilin a.. oI'PepcidyI ProIylllon.a.I" 1& 4 p.m. in 
die Liebow Auditorium. BSB room 2100. 

• Tuesday, October 15-"MoIecuIIrSlUdielon 1'yraIinC 
Kinases and JIhoapI1mIcs" III 4 p.rn. in the Liebow Audito-
rium. BSB room 2100. 

• Wednesday, October 16 -"'Studies on Peptidogl)'C811 
Assembly inBaacrial Cell Wall BioIyndJeIis and VlftCOIllycin 
Resistance" .. 4:30p.m. intheGlnen Audirorium, BSB room 
1105. 

NE:V/~ IN bRIEF 
L.ocaIOrganizatlontoCelebi,*,NatIonaI 
Coming Out Day for LasbBls, Gays 

On Friday, Octobec II from 8 to 10 p.m. the Lesbian and 
Gay Men's Community Center (The Ceruer) will celebrare 
NIIional Comina Out Day with an cvenina of performInc:es 
by San DieJO leabian and gay writers andlCtOl'l atSOHOTea 
and Coffee, 1045 University Avenue in ~ 

There will be • $10 suarted don8lion and COIIIlDClDOI'II-
live merchandiso will be IOlcL All proCIQIIds win benefit The 
Cen&er. 

The performInces will be a series of fiction readinp, 
poetry, one act scenes and monologues. The predominanI 
theme tIvoughout the evening will be the highlighting of the 
coming out experiences in the lesbian and gay community. 

by Bill Wattenon 

I 

II 
1f>.11 

... 

Hell_BIle,.. Rise In Transfers 
College. 

_lIIeIIftlealed minority IIUdents. and !nCR • 
...... ., ~ f'nIm community 
coli., ...... uc .... .:cardiaaeoa ... peaenied 
10 die UCllt:1 .' eoa.iDee OII ....... -MIII Policy. 

Tbe ..... ibow. lUI·the ......... of domestic: 
.... _Aedminotl&y .............. clinlbed 17.2 
........ 944ia 198?1O 1,I06in 1990. The numberof 
CaIHbmia ........ wholl ..... iJalfnmc.lifomiacom- . 
munity coIIe,.1 to Ihc UC,.,. flam ',845 to 6,887, which . 
is III 18 pcrcenl ~ 

AccanIiai to the report, IiDce 1986 .... ren to the UC 
have ulen.eeI by more than 50 peI'*II widl inaasa . 
11l1OIII au ethnic groups. 

'"Now, • the Master Plan providea.lbc University's . 
uncIeIJraduIIe population has reached a lower division to . 
upper divilion ratio of 40160," said UC senior Vice 
PrcsideoI for Academic Affairs William R. Frazer. 

Tenth uc campus, Planned for 
Central Valley, StIli In Works 

Despire rumors that planning f«the UC's 10th campus 
has been hIIted. UC off"lCiaIs stated that a new campus in 
the CcnUlll Valley oouJd open its doors 10 students by the 
end 01 tbia decade. 

"1ben: it no question .,.. whelberor not we're goins 
IObavca 1000c:ampus,"UCVice PNsideN William Baker 
said. "1ben: is no question where it'. going 10 be - it's 
goins to be in die Central VaUey.1beonly questioonow . 
is when." 

BIker IIid the reasons for the IIow progress include 
c:ompIexidel inlbcevalualion andpllminapoc:css. These 
complex .. include issuca reIaIecI to lind ownership, 
loae-nDIII p&.nning by public _tiel ... UC's planned 
earoDment IeCIuction 01 S,soo studenIs durina the next 
three to fbur)'al'S. 

Baker IIIso said thal the ,,*'. current fiscal crisis 
influencea Ihc future direction and peceoftbe University's 
effom. ' 

You could be part of the 
Guardian staff box below! 

Come to the Guardian Wrltlrc Internship! 
. Thursslay, October 10, 7 p.m. 

In the Beft<eley Room, Second FIocW of the Price 
Center. Come to a "meet the editors" session. 

G7lIe UCSD ;y ..... T DABD.uu:~ 

1IIcaDII 4 IIIP IS = = ......... f1---...-f1 .. _-.. _--es: ,---..-,...._ .... _ .. _...... "_f1 __ 
.... 111010 e =:' F • :_ .. 
........ _.. -.. , ---
......... -..• 

................... ca.5I.III1.,.".,7691 
UCSD GcIanIan, 9500 G"-' DIM 0316, 

La JoIIci, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, October 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

..... Schnurer Resigns Position 
• A.S. Programmer cites lack of compensation 
as reason for leaving after over two years 

DIsabled Celebrate Awareness Week 
BySt..,eW~ 
Associate News Editor 

Citing financial problems,. As-
sociatedStudentsConunissioncrof 
Programming Matthew Schnurcr 
announcedhisresignaaion last week. 
Schnurer said thaL.he will1eave the 
position he has held for over two 
years unless the A.S. council votes 
him a pay raise. 

The council will be voting 
Wedrlesday on a proposal to in-
crease the salary of the commis-
sioner of progranuning from $40 a 
week, the amount earned by all of 
the A.S. commissioners, to $240 a 
week. The proposed figure is based 
on a salary of $12 an hour, 20 hours 
a week, which was drawn up by 
Schnurer. 

In a letter addressed to 
councilmembers, Schourer cited 
"my present financial situation, sub-
stantial drain on my time and lack 
of funds to continue my education" 
as the reasoning for his decision. 

Schnurer said that "this elected 
position is actually a job, and de-
mands that kind of time commit-
ment." He emphasized tbat the ex-
pectations and responsibilities of 
the position have expanded "enor-
mously" since he first became the 
commissioner of programming, and 
have required him to work approxi-
mately 40 to 60 hours a week, and 
have not allowed him to hold a pan-
time job. 

In contrast to Schnurer's previ-
ous two years io that position, this 
year his education is not being 

Matthew Schnurer 
funded by a 0.1. Bill. 

"The only reason I stuck W'Ound 
for the last two years is because I 
like [doing the job). But reality has 
struc:k me full in the face," he said. 

Both Schnurer and Vice Presi-
dent of Finance Joseph Cassar ex-
pressed doubts as to whether the 
council would approve raising the 
commissioner of programming's 
stipend by 600 percent. 

Cassar voiced several objections. 
including the fact that the stipend 
increase proposal is based on 
Schnurer's persona! financial situa-
tion. 

"[Schnurer] is using the fact that 
he is a great programmer with the 
fact the he is broke," he said. 

Cassar also mentioned that 
changing the salary of an elected 
official in the middle of his or her 
tenn could make the university vul-

See SCHNURER, page 9 

I If ........... DaIIonI 
GuatrllBn Reporter 

The UCSD Disability Awareness Week, cre-
ated to celebrare the abilities of the disabled, begins 
today. 

For the filst time, it coincides with National 
Disability Awareness Week. 

The week will consist of a series of events 
intended to beentenaining and infonnative, ending 
on Friday with a panel discussion of the probable 
effects of the Americans with Disabilities Act on 
employment issues. 

"The purpose of the week-long series of events 
is to increase the awareness of and sensitivity 10 the 
abilities and needs of persons with disabilities," 
said Barry Nimrul, the project coordinator and 
Program Director for Campus Fmployee Rehabili-
tation. 

·Niman added that this is the first event having to 
do with disability awareness design to appeal to 
students. faculty and staff members. In the past. 
disability awareness activities were sponsored by 
student organizations like the Disabled Student 
Union (DSU). This year's event is sponsored by 
both faculty and student groups. 
. Although the previous years' events were well-

attended. Niman expects this year's activities will 
draw a wider range of interest due to the 'focus 
placed on both education and entertainment, with 
special attention given to employment of the dis-
abled. Sponsors include the Associate Chancellor, 
the Vice Olancellor of Academic Affairs, the Vice 
OlanceUorofUndergraduate Affairs, Disabled Stu-
dent Services and the DSU. 

1.$ a member of the DSU, Third Ccllege senior 
Krista Hores helped plan last year's events. She 
said that she feels such events are impon8l)t to 
"make people aware thai there are people with 
disabilities on campus and that they can function 
here." 

"There are both architectural and attitude barri-
ClSoncampus,andifpeoplecouldundcrstandmore 

and be aware, it would make things easier," Hores 
said. 

Kicking off the week's events will be a perfor-
mance by Geri Jewell, known as "Cousin Geri" 
from the NBC series "The Facts of Life." The 
actress/comedienne will appear from noon until 2 
p.m. today in the Mandeville Auditorium. Jewell, 
who has cerebral palsy, uses humor to influence 
positive attitudes about people with disabilities. 

On Tuesday at II :30 a.m. on the Main Gym 
. steps. a graduate of the Canine Companions pro-

gram will demonstrate the skills of the dogs trained 
10 assist disabled indi viduals. Jazz pianist Oarence 
Bell will also perfonn o~ the Main Oym steps at 
noon . 

Atll a.m. on Wednesday, an exhibition of the 
expenise of disabled horseback riders will be pro-
vided on Revelle Plaza by members of five eques-
IriwlIraining programs. This event will be followed 
by a concert in Revelle Plaza by "Young al Hean," 
a chorus of people with visual disabililies from the 
Blind Recreation Center. 

On Thursday the musical group "Two Plus One" 
will present a program using a combination of 
voices and sign language at noon in the Muir Quad, 
following a second demonstration by Canine Com-
panions. 

Also on Thursday, the UCSD Medical Center 
will host a Disabiliry Awareness Week program 
from II :30 a.m. to I p.m. in the area adjacent to the 
Clinical Teaching Facility. Refreshments, music 
and literature will be provided, along with opportu-
nities to meet and talk. with disabled employees and 
the Employee Rehabilitation staff. 
, From I p.m. to 2 p.m., Urban Miyares will 
present information on how to suceed as a disabled 
person in the workforce in the International Center 
Lounge. Mi)'ares is a multi-disabled Vietnam vet-
eran who W"as named the 1991 Veteran Small 
Business Advocate of the Year. 

Culminating the week's activities will be a dis-
See DlSABi ED, Page 13 

MOney MCllCIgell1el1f 
Lessons for the Real World FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING STORE 

J ~J: 
. ~ 

Right now, you're learning V'.rJuab!e Icsso~s to help you later on in life. BUllhcre's 
one subject YOll C-dll 'nearn in any c1a'iSroom. And it's one you need 10 suMve in the . 
"re-.rJ" world. It's how to manage your money. 

AI the UOO Studenl Credit nion, we can hclp you get started. By using our-
prodllCl~ and services, )00'0 learn how to handle a checking account. flow 10 build up 
savin~. When to borrow money, and how to rep'd)' it. And how to establish good cn..odit. 

Our friendly staft:-who are SlUdenl~ like }'Ou-understand~ your financial needs. 
And our products and services are designed to 6t a slUdent'S budget. 

Take our Acces. .. Checking Accounl for example. It's free with a minimum $400 
tr.rJancc (and onlv $4.00 a month with a lower balance.) YOll C'4ITI dividends on balances 
of $600 or more 3nd )'Ou have free AIM acces. .. at thousands of Star Systenl ' ATMs. Even 
better, open )'Our account by October 31 and get ~'Our 6rst 50 check~ free. 

We also oller a low-rnre Vls<\ card, competitive Cl!r and computer loans, no fee 
savin~ account'i and much more. 

Join thc.(X~1) Student Ct;l'dit t:nion today. Managing your money may be the most 
y.rJuable 1es.'iOI1 you learn. 

~ • .II 
II UCSD STUDENT I gR~DIT UNlqN 

UCSD SIudent Credit Unioo 
A service of A'il'QiD 
l.DC:Iled in die Student Center, 
9SOO Gibnan Drive, to.HS 
Phone S.w-8UO 
Mon to fri t):OO - of:OO 

UCSD's ONLY 
BACK TO SCHOOL CLOTHING SOURCE! 

-50% • 90% 
BELOW RETAI 

A 
D 
Z 

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY 
• I,U". EquIpment • Tweeds 

• Limited • EJ:preu 
• Many more we can't mention 

becau. our prices are SO 10wI 

P PAR E 
E S I G N E 

o N 
L 
R 
E 

QfEH: . Wed. -Sat. 11 am-7 pm • Sun. 12-5 pm 
8250 Camino Santa Fe Oust down the road) 

Go east on La Jolla Village Drive. 4 lights past Hwy. 805. left on CalJlino Santa Fe 
450-3323 

We BCCBPt VISA, MASTERCARD, & AMERICAN EXPRESS 
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNmEs--c.1f Debra Spoelstra It 450-3324 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDrroRLATS 
£.diloriol 8()(Ud 

JASON SNELL. Ediwr in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN. MaMain, Editor 
MARY BEllY HEARD. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion EdiIOr 

Till UCSDG_ k~'wlco. _ ..... u .. .....,. of CoII-' SOlI ~ c-... 01991. 
Vicwl ........... __ ... ~_of ... _-. ....... _ .......... y_oI ... 
UC _01-,-", ASUCSO. _ .... _~..n. 

HUMAN RELATIONS ADVISORY COMMITIEE 

A Political Ghetto for LGBA 
I...:N Spring. the Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Association (LGBA) 

tried W1SUCCeSSfully to gain adminance as an honorary member of the 
Student Affinnative Action Conunittee (SAAC). While specific rea-
sons for denying LGBA adminance were unclear, both parties seemed 
to agree that "~ time" was needed to discuss LGBA' s membership. 

This year, LGBA has been offered membership in the newly-formed 
Hwnan Relations Advisory Conunittee (HRAC), a group established 
for all studenI organizlllions who "feel their views are not being heaRt." 
While this is cenainly a noble gesrure on its face, there is an underlying 
perception that this new organizlllion is simply a way to keep LGBA out 
ofSAAC altogether. Indeed, what reason would SAAC havetollotgrant 
LGBA member.JUp? Accoo1ing to Director of Studenl Affinnarive 
Action and Human Relatiom Program Anthony Jemison, student 
organizalion<; not made up of "legal" minorities camoc join SAAC. 

Andyetthe Women's ResowceCenter(WRC)isamember. Women 
in the United SUites make upa majority of the popuIarion and have never 
been considered a "suspect class" by the Supreme Cowt - thai is. a 
group which has historically been a target fordiscriminarion because of 
conditions they cannot change. nlis i not to say that women have not 
been discriminated against. But if the WRC is a SAAC member, then 
there is no reason why LGBA shoukI not be a member as well. 

Some SAAC members have argued thai the sort of oppression faced 
by LGBA is different from the oppmiSiOn they face. But certainly it 
cannoc be disputed that the gay, lesbian and bisexual conununity faces 
as much discrimination and prejudice today as most under-represented 
groups. especially now that they are assening themselves politically.· 

SAAC is a political organizalion woOOng for the bettennett of 
oppressed peoples. To that end, if any group deserves membership and 
n:cognition, it's the LGBA Relegating LGBA ro a second-suing group 
like HRAC, which lacks the political clout ofSAAC, is simply a thinly-
veiled euphemism for segregation. We don't need to poinI out that 
"separnte but equal" went out 35 )'C2IB ago. 

What happens when the oppressed bcoome the oppressors? Ask the 
members of LGBA They're the ones bein8 left ru in the cold. 

A.S. WATCH 1991 

The Trouble with Govemment 
AS. Commissioner of Programming Matthew Schnurer is on hi 

way out. Last Monday, Schnurer 'ubmined his resignation, citing 
financial difficulties - specifically, lack of funds to continue his 
educalion - and time constr..unts.111e decision comes after more than 
two years of hard wOO: and little rerum, 

Schnurer's main problem is with money. The AS. Commissioner of 
Progmmming is responsible for organizing and supervi ing dozens of 
events each quarter, such as pub shows, TGs,lectures and ftlms. The job 
demands almost COnsUlnl anention, often fon:ing Schnurerto work SO to 
60 hours a week. but offers little in return. Like all other AS. c0mmis-
sioners, Schnurerreceives a weekly stipend of only $40. Schnurerstates 
in his leiter (the full text of which is printed on page5) that he is resigning 
the progranuning posit ion "as it is cum:ntly configured." WhalSchnW"Cr 
really wants is a raise. A big one. Schnurer i asking the A.S. to consider 
the difficulty of his job. as well as his present financial difficulties, and 
raise his stipend from $40 to $240 per week. 

There is no question that Schnurerneedsanddeservesthemoney,just 
as there is no question that he is the best person at UCSD to do the job. 
He can take credit for bringing the quality of AS. programming and 
events to what it is today. Therefore, fairness would dictale, as Schnurer 
has suggest~ that he should receive adequate compensation for every 
hour of wori( that he puts in But can the A.S. do it? Probably not. 

Schnurer is an elected student official. He should mve known 
beforehand that compensatioo for his efforts would be meager at best 
Funhennore, the AS. council is a pock of politicians. Schnurer must 
realize that it is unlikely that the council will vote such an astronomical 
pay r.use for one individual, regan:IIess of need, especially if he will be 
making over three limes that of the AS. president 

The most appropriate action here would be to re-classify the C0m-
missioner of Programming as a non-e\ectod, SlUdenI position with 
adequate compensation. This would require a refermJwn in the AS. 
eledions next spring and would take effect in Fall 1992. Either way, 
Schnurer is out of a job. 

Student government-and real govemment for thai maller-is Il()( 
something one does for the money. It is for this reason that the best and 
the brightest rarely get involved. instead opting to remain in the priv81e 
sector where there are greater monetary rewards. Man Schnurer is just 
now learning this lesson. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 7, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

The Grand Political Farce 
• The recent Thomas confinnation hearings have brought judicial 
politics to a new low. What else would you expect nom the Senate? 
By PhIlp 1IIche111 
CGnIrtJuIInQ 0piInIGn WI1W 

) saw somedIing gar on lelevision • couple 
of wab..,. II b8d evaydlina)'Oll could 
possibly W8l1t in a hish drmIa television show . 
- conflict, cord'rollbltion, ev8Sion mel mysreri- . 
ous charactcn. No, it WIISD'I "Doogie Howser, 
MD." (Though dill Doosie sure is an 
enigma ... ) II WIll Ibec:onfinD1llioo he8rinp 
held for Supn:me Coun nominee Clarence . 
Thomas. 

There used 10 be. time when the Supnwne 

With the eYer-expand~ influence of 
special interest groups seeki~ to 

impose their beliefs ••• upon us, the 
Supreme Court has taken the 

proverbial belly flop into that grand 
old political pool of cess. 

Coun had a shred of nonpaItisanship (and, not 
coincidentally, an owace or two of integrity) to 
it. While the other two branches of government 
were mired in the cesspool of party politics, the 
Supreme Court went aboul its business in a 
more or less efficient and effective manner. 

But with the ever-expanding inftuence of 
special interest groups seeking to impose their 
beliefs about abortion, equal opponunity and 
countless other social dilemmas upon us, the 
Supreme Court has taken the proverbial belly 
flop into that grand old political pool of cess. 
The hubbub aboul Oamace Thomas is cvidenoe 
of jusllhat situation. 

On one side, you had the out-of-louch liberal 
contingent of the Democratic party hollering for 
Thomas to come clean about his political 
beliefs. Liberal DcmocraIs are often fond of 
such hollering, except, of course, when it's 
directed at tbem .. 

On the ocher side was CIarcncc Thomas, 
who was either a free.thinking bastion of 
inaegrity or the personal judicial yes-man for 
George Bush, depending upon who you tmbd 
10. What aU this amounted 10 was a head-on 
collision of two ideological semi-uucks, and die 
carnage wasn't pretty. 

The SenIIte Judic:Wy Commiaee got the 
haIrinp off 10 a rip-1lIIIlinI1Iart by playing 
every politician's favorire game - "Holier 
'Ibm Thou" - with SenaIon Joe '1'he Mad 
fIIaiUI" Biden II1d Edward "Desipatcd 
DriYd' Kcancdy adin& the zealous dIIrge. 
Brin&in& up the rear was our own Alan 
o..ton. who peI1MMIItly resides in S&L 
boncbo 0IIrIes Kalina's bd pocket. 

JUlIa few ~ after the heainp came 10 a 
close, er...on IIIIIOUI1Ced 10 a bIathless 
universe thal he would not vote for Thomas' 
confinnIIion on die grounds thai he was DOC 
convifl!lCCl thai Thomas was qualified to sit on 
theCoun. 

In a way. il was almost amusing watching 
these piJlars of vinue make judgemenlS upon 
the moral and professional fitness of Thomas -
but thal..Jso is Ibe key 10 the problem. 
, A Senate beholden 10 special interests, party 
ideology, and personal political gain is hardly 
the body that should be c:onfinning nominees to 
lifelong positions on the highest court in the 
land, 

It isn't just the hypocrisy of Messrs. Biden. 
Kennedy and Cranston that turned the confir-
mation process into a fan:e. These three are 
only the known rats. There are 97 odJers lurking 
in the shadows trying to maItc sure the deck is 
stacked in their favor. 

But it isn'l fair 10 only blame the Senate and 
its dcniz.ens for reducing the confirmalion 
bearings to a glorified judicial beauIy pageana 
(although it is very easy and a whole lot of fun). 
Thomas must carry some of the blame himself. 
AI besI, his testimony could be described as less 
than candid. AI wont, il was calculated, 
evasive, and utterly imlevant. 

Thomas danced around quesdons fMCcr then 
Fred AsIai.e on speed He corwantJy invoiced 
memories of his rise from poveny, as if it were 
a mantra. 

Perhaps the suanaest momenI came when 
Thomas denied even IBIking about IIbonion in 
casual COIIversillions, which would make him 
the only person in the country besides JUSlice 
Souter who has never Ibouaht aboul the subject. 

II dido't take a bdilendous IIllOUIIt of brain 
power to see what was happening. In Older to 

See THOMAS, Page 6 

Monday, 0cI0bcr 7, 1991 

COMMENTARY 

A Slip of 
The Tongue 
• Harty Scapahala has 
a really bad day at the 
arulUa! donkey show 
By Jeffrey V.inagucnl 
Senior sa" Writer 

When the Central Pany Members 
sent their second-in-command, Harry 
Scapahala, to the Association of 
Tupahala Donkey Breeder's annual 
donkey show, they figured he couldn't 
mess up. 'They had made earlier mis-
takes, sending Scapahala to places 

. where the slip of his t~gue-literally 
- had so grossed out the audience he 
was addressing that the auditorium's 
bathrooms were filled with every 
janilor's worst nightmare. 

Butthedoctors had supposedly fixed 
his detatchable tongue and even if they 
hadn't, and his tongue fell out of his 
mouth while he was speaking at the 
Donkey show, the Central Party Mem-
bers figured that because the event was 
not very popular, the news of any mis-
hap would never reach the major i land 

. publications. 
Because Scapahala' s tongue was no 

longer capable of detatching, or "slip-
ping" out of his mouth, he became less 
uneasy about public speaking. Instead 
of just nodding yes and no when asked 
questions and reading speeches with-
out difficult words - words that might 
have made his tongue slip - he staned 
to actually talk. 

It was much to his surprise that he 
enjoyed speaking so freely, and after 
his speech. in which he discussed the 
glory of f!lising Tupahala's finest don-
keys, he became so involved with what 
was happening in the donkey show thai 
he stayed in front of the microphone 
and made comments to the proud don-
key breeders as they passed by the 
speakers stage. 

But.1L'i happy as he was to be speak.-
ing freely, he was still slightly uncom-
fortable with his new ability. And al-
though it was genuine, the only com-
ment hecouldseem to make was "Good 
donkey, young man." 

ThaI is, until Scapoha1a was de-
railed from his discomfon by the sight 
of, in his eyes. the perfect donkey. 
Instead ofdle monotonouscomment he 
had been saying 10 all the breeders, he 
was compelled 10 speak. more explic-
itly, with a louder and clearer· voice to 
thebreederofsuchafinecblltey. ··What 
a nice ass, YOUl1l lady." 

All went quiet. Every eye pierced 
ScapahaIa's face, and if his longue 
hadn't recently underJone such suc-
cessful tonaue ~rmallltrh IUJ'ICIY, it 
would have f1unl riJhlout ofhis mouth 
and halfway 10 his homerown. 

Then, breaking the silence, the 
woman who hid received die revolting 
oommenI fRJm ScapehaIa screeched, 
"Sexist pill" and her sluin scream re-
verberated tbrouahout die auditorium. 
Her cries were soon joined by the fuji 
house crowd. Women and men - and 
even chililml- chan&ed in eardrum-
shancrina I.I1iton: .. Sujst Pig. Suist 
Pig, Sexist Pi8-." 

ScapobaIa innediatcIy left the au-
ditorium. IDd bcguse die ICXist re-
mark had maIed such a startlinl up-
roar. news of the evear hid altady 
been llloU:asIlive over both lIIdioand 
lelevsion. ConIequedly, he recieved a 
phonecaUfrom IheCenlnlParty Mem-
bers (they hid plbeaecl for In emer-

8M TONGUE, PttgI 8 

The UCSD Guardian OPIN10N 5 

A.S. WATCH 1991 

Matt Schnurer's Letter of Resignation' 
Dear A.S. Council: 

Due to my present financial situation, substantial drain on my time and 
IacIt of funds to continue my educalion.l have no choice but to resign my 
position of A.S. Commissioner of Programming as it is currently configured. 

) will remain in the position until Saturday, October 19. Until then, I will 
continue ro perform the tasks of the Conunissioner of Progranuning insofar as 
they do not impact on my studies. 

This decision is final and concrete. 
~, .Sincerely, 

1Ji([;J~-
Matthew Schnurer 

A.S. Commissioner of Programming, 1989·91 
Guiwdan FW ~o 

A.S. Commissioner of Programming Matt Schnurer 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

'Die Bennan Scum?' Here We Go Again ... 
Editor: 

"Die Bennan Scum" reads the graffiti on 
the wall of the old book tore, and the late t 
R~coil article hangs on the wall by the 
student organization offices with the words 
''1be Bullshit Continues ... " scrawled across 
it. 

This is evidence of the dreaded return of 
Zachary Bennan doing hi best" Alex Keaton 
meets John Metzger" impersonation. His 
inflammatory discourse. which follows in 
the foolstepsof uch colossal idiots as Morton 
Downey Jr. and Howard Stem, seems de-
signed to piss people off by distorting reality 
and taking thing out of context. 

Bennan, I don 't know what your defini-
tionofbeing "politically correct" is. but I see 
nothing wrong with having a speech code to 
prevent harrasment. After all, you wouldn' t 
like people going around spouting hatred 
against Jews. 

It is all too obvious that the only reason 
you are biased against the various student 
organizations you mention is that they pro-
vide no benefit to you, and worse yet. they 
threalenthedominanceofright-wingNixon-
wannabes like yourself. 

Nobody likes censorship, but maybe this 
year you could try researching things before 
you write about them, not make such global 
generalizations, and SlOp trying to lie wi\h 
statistics, since you do il so very poorly. 

) mean,doesn 't it bother you when some-
one expeses ODe of your flimsy misrepre-
senl8lions in a forum read by the entire 
student body? Well, think. about it at least 

Ob, and lack... "Always do the right 
thing." 

GlenGmnan 
Editor: 

I understand that Zachary 8ennan' s role 
is to act as a provocateur by espousing 
reactionary views.) also understand that the 
"commentary" banner over his essay gives 
him license to say any foolish thing that 
comes into his bead as long IL'i he expresses 
it inl5uitably Andy-R~ue, pseudo-
witty writing style. 

S~ncehisanicle("WelcometotheJungle 
- P.e. Style," Monday, Sept. 30) takes the 
tone of a welcome warning 10 new students 
- thus implicitly assuming the role of an 
older. wiseruppen:lassman-I feclobliaed 
10 represent my own opposition to his big-
oted attitude. The out-of-context quotes, 
half-truths and downright inaccuracies in 
his hlrMaue are too numerous to address 
individually, but I would like 10 address a 
few poinls. 

I .. a white, middle·dass male who is 
lick to death of other white mic:ldJe.class 
maIea ~ ... about how oppressed 
they .. IDd how lucky minorities are be-
C&UIe they .. ve iOllitulions like affinnative 
IICIion IDd subsidized support JIOUPS. In 
case aem. ..... 't noticed. he and I belon, 
to the bi .... and beIt-fundedlUppongroup 

in the country. A bunch of liberal "PC" 
students ora minority suppongroup doesn't 
have the pOlI'er to oppress him. 

Bennan decries "PC" censorship of mi-
nority views, yet he is outraged when a 
minority group expresses a view that criti-
cizes the majority. 

The statements he quotes and complains 
are racist, "that whites 'establish power, 
dominance and control by manipulating 
others ' and are driven by 'profi t ,,, are a 
viewpoint that African-American students 
will almost certainly never hear from their 
white professors, yet they might consider it 
a plausible explanation of why whites have 
so much power, dominance and control. 
Take a look at the statistical makeup of 
university professors in tenns of race and 
sex, then tell me that a minority support 
group is suppressing the white male view-
point. 

Without having the courage (or the abil-
ity, perhaps) to quote anyone, Bennan as-
serts that the Women's Resource Center 
teaches that all men are rapists. Well. all 
men are not rapists, but all men belong to a 
powerful group which commits vinually all 
the rapes. 

Men can deny personal guilt, but thCy 
must acknowledge personal responsibilly. 
'They're the ones who have the most power 
to bring about change in a terrible situation. 
Rather than bemoan his wounded sensibili· 
ties, Bennan might consider what causes 
such angry overstatements by oppressed 
groups. 

I'm not advocating white male guilt -
just a linle sensitivity. Ratherthan sit by and 
smugly point out hostility, why not make an 
effon to change the situation that causes it? 
Rather than scream "PC censorship," "re-
verse sexism," orureverse racism," why not 
acknowledge thatdominant viewpoints may 
incur occassional nicks and cuts from con-
tact with outspoken minorities? 

Rather than bemoan a lack of "campus 
unity," why not encourage the budding di-
versity? It will happen without Bennan's 
support in any event. 

Chrbtophtr Dobrian 

KoaIa'I PortIayai m SuIcIde 
Was Extremely ~ ~ 
Editor: 

On June 16, 1991, a very dear friend of 
ours committed suicide by jumping off of 

Tioga Hall. The Friday, Sept. 27 issue of the 
Koala featured a story introducing the cam-
pus to all new students. We regret that the 
author of the Muir portion of this piece de-
cided to poke fun at the gmvely serious prob-
lem of student suicide, describing the glass 
walls around the top tloor of Tioga as n way 
to catch jumping students. 

The article finishes by speaking of ';get 
accustomed to the familiar ',UlaaAAAHHH 
"SPLA 1"" sound associated with a night at 
Muir. In fact, there is little more soothing for 
a frustmted Muir student than silting by the 
window watching the flailing bodies fall." 
May we remind the author that a witness to 
our friend's fall had to undergo therapy as a 
result of what he saw. 

We realize the article was meant to be 
humorous. but we feel tllat in this case the 
treatment of the subject matter is extremely 
inappropriate. We find it to be incredibly 
insensitive if the author did not know about 
the situation, and absolutely unforgivable if 
he realized what had happened and wrote the 
story anyway. 

Those of us who knew our friend. who felt 
the grief of his loSS, who had to consOle his 
mouming father, and who still miss him were 
hurt by theanicle, and future sensitivity to the 
subject would be greatly appreciated. 

Raymond Benson 
Laura Franey 
Aimee Goduy 
Joshua Gross 
Kevin Hulbert 
George Jones 

Anthony Minkoff 
Helen O'Hara 

Ann O'Neill 
Marna Riser 

Michelle Roberts 
Timothy Sallume 

Jesse Sanchez 
Scott Sandwick 

JerrToman 
Carisa Yardas 

TheUCSOs.-dIM ....... yoar 
'-ItIn .... com ..... , ...... Drop 
your letter .. the GanIM offices 
(on the ...... floor of the old 
Student c.m.r, above the Qen. 
..... S ..... )or ..... lttD: 

OpinIon EdIDr 
au.iIart 

9500 ..... Dr. 0316 
a.. JoIa, CA 92092-0316 

......... IhouId be typed, dol .... 

........... m"., ..... ...... 

tuN II1II ................. Un-
...... IItIn ..... be ... ,Itiid. 
LMIIr ........ be caoot.dld to 
...." .... !eM, ....... w ...... ".. 
.... rfll;tto_- ...... ... 
..,. 



6 OPINION The vcsn Guardian 

, 

UCsD NIGHT L J 0 I I BEST KEPT SECRET! 
a a. s 

Come by for breakfast or lunch! IS BACKI 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 

• Overlooking Torrey Pines GoH Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• All-you-can-eat salad bar 

Choices located within the 
Shiley Sports and Health Center 
01 Scripps Clinic 
10820 North Torrey Pines Road 

HOURS OF OPERATION 
Mon.·Thurs. 7:30 .... 7 pm 

Fridly cIoHd II 3 

i.-.···.--.··.--.-
• Enjoy your 
: 10% student discount 
• "' ... UCSD lD. 
---._._._-.- .. _---

Call 554·FOOD 

Sun..1hura, 
11 ... 12,... 
Fri.·SaL 
11 ... 2 ... 

COM~TOTH~ 
COLLEGE BOOKSTORE 

\vEDNESDAY & THURSDAY 

9am to4pm 
In front of the UCSD Bookstore 

OCTOBER 9 & 10 

Palmtop PC 
comes wilh 
LolliS 1- 2 - 3 

GIVfAWAY~! 

~P~(IAl 
DI~'OUNT~ 
GIV~N DURING 

TH (, f~~TIVAl 
I Jr-- ~I ~ 
I :{ II II' • , I I II " 

S34-4310 

Scienli ric Expandable 
44 gl'aphics wilh ~lIs advanced Inalh 
.... ~ funclions 

Monday, Ocmbcr 7, 1991 

THOMAS 
ContInued from P-ue 4 
avoid a confirmarion fiasco like the 
Raben 80rk nighnqare in 1987, 
Thomas was advised to be as non-
committal as possible. to avoid tak-
ing a position on any issue. and to 
mention his heritaae as much a~ 
possible. 

The senators were only too will-
ing to help, foeuainc their attention 
on Thomas' inconsequential natu-
rallaw theories and his non-stance 
on RM I'. Wad,. instead of examin-
ing his qualifaCarions. 

So what will happen next? Th0-
mas will either be rejected by the 
Senate. in which case he'll write a 
book and join Bort on the "Embit-
tered Would-be Justice Lecture 
Tour," or he'll be confinned to re-
place Thurgood Marshall. If and 
when Thomas beoomes a Supreme 
Counlustice, we'lldiscoverhisju-
dicial persuasion, whether he's a 
conservarive or, as some Republi-
cans fear, a Mcloset liberal" (inci-
dentally, there's a clinic in Fresno 
where you can get that fixed). 

In the meantime, both sides 
should corne forward and admit to 
the public that these confinnation 
hearings were an utter waste of time, 
a calculated political sideshow with 
smoke and mirrors to hide the hy-
pocrisy and cynicism that has be-
come as common in Washington as 
cherry blossoms in the springtime. 

TONGUE 
Continued from .,. 5 • 
geney meeting). "What have you 
done!" they shouted through the 
speaker phone. 

" .. .. , was talking about the don-
key ... , meant that the donkey was 
a nice ass, not thaI the lady had a nice 
ass ... I meant the donkey." 

TheCentraJ Party Members paid 
no attention. "We are under siege. 
1be guanlol haveJeft our doors. We 
have no protection. We are ruined. 
You ru;~d us." 

"But I meant the donkey," said 
Scapahala meekly ... , meant the 
donkey ...... 

And with those final words, 
Scapahala grabbed his recently 
pennatatched tongue, pulled it out 
ofhismoutb. and threw itoutthecar 
window, making sure that he would 
never speak anodler word again. 

CLAIREMGNT SQUARE 
(Nelli to ~ 274-2800 

-.tAMfSA 
(He" to PiZza Hut) 56&6100 

lIIIVDIIlY TOWNE CEJmIE 
(AcIoMIIvm ~~20 

TIEIRAIMTA U1rNAY (Hwr 52 _ s.n.o Ad.) ~23 

OPIN 1 DAYS 
"",. NOT .... uty 
____ T AVAIl .. . 

/ 

Moodq, Oaobcr 7, 1991 The VCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Explorlngthe Evils of Collectivism 
Editor: 

Brett Rhyne's commentary on 
collectivism ("What is the Use 
of Promotin, Indiv idualism 
Abroad •.. ?" Thursday, Oct. 3) is so 
lWisted Mel wrong that I am com-
pcIIed to write. 

Rhynewritea. "Delpitc whatever 
else it was, the old sysaem was re-
sponsible b. and lOOk care of, its 
citizens. .. This Sbltemelli contains a 

~ concession and a buF fal-
lacy. "Whatever else it WM" ~ 
pened to be • deliberate weapon for 
JrindinI people into poverty and 
despair. 

To state thai the old system took 
care of its citizem is ludicrous. If 
ttw is so, then why do citizens of 
communist counIries often risk their 
lives to leave? Why do they stand in 
line all day for a meager helping of 
food? Why do they live their lives in 
fear of the government? 

"HowIlWlY Americans ... [who] 
are living on the street •.. do not 
have adequate access to some kind 
of health care?.. do not have an 
adequate education? .. How many 
have lost their jobs?" Rhyne be-
Heves, then, that everyone has a 
"right" to a home, to health care, to 
an education, to a job, to "make it" 

1bequestion to ask about each of 
these rights is: at whose expense? 
1be expense of the men who must 
build his unearned home? 1be doc-
tors who must care for him? 1be 
teachers who must provide the un-
earned education? The employers 
who must provide an unnecessary 
job? 

Of course, Rhyne would say that 
the govenunent takes care of these 
things. Now the queslion bas been 
answered properly: at ~~ryoM' s 

~ns~. 
By wbat possible moral code can 

someone, deem it correct to take a 
man's earned money by force and 
offer it to another, sofely based on 
his estimation of the man's need? 
And yet this is the legacy of collec-
tivism. 

"One aircraft carrier costs more 
than the entire U.S. education bud-
get. Again, the individual over the 
group." This has nothing to do with 
an individual over a group. An air-
craft carrier and the education bud-
get are equally col1ectivist; both are 
forcibly financed by everyone in the 
country. That is merely an example 
of priorities that Rhynedoesn't hap-
pen to agree with: defenseoveredu-
cation. 

"l.ook ar where this myth of in-
dividualism bas gotten us," Rhyne 
writes. Yes, look.. It made us the 
most prosperous country in the his-
tory of the world. And now the myth 
of col1ecliyjsm is destroying us. 

u C S 0 
SCUBA CLUB 

Come and Join us for the 
first meetllll of the year. 
We wiD talk about: 

OWes 
Divers Days 

Beach B-BQ's 
Trips 

Parties 
c.DtralIIa Hall 

~ !:: ... ·15 
c-Ml .... ~ 

Ever-increasing taxes and bigger 
JOvemmentll1llkeourcountry more 
coUectivlsa every day - to the de-
light of those who ask for the 
Wldeservedanddesire the unearned, 
and to the cbaarin of people who 
wish only to keep what they earn. 

The "myth .. of individualism 
only applies to writers like Rhyne, 
who does DOl exist as an individual, 
but merely as part of a larger whole. 
That's certainly something to be 
proud of. 

Paul Phillips 

RIIIIOII Gf Delta Tau 
Delta's Denise Have 
Been Exwerated 
Editor: 

As members of Delta Tau Delta, 
we are hoping to clear up any poten-
tial misconceptions regarding the 
cbapler's status. Instead offocusing 
on thespecifac sourceofthecbapter's 
suspension and attempting to rehash 
minor details on our behalf, we 
would like to bring out some general 
sentiments regarding the fraremal 
system and our place in it. 

Since April 17, Delta Tau Delta 
has ~n serving a six-month sus-
pensjon from all school activities. 
Thisdecilion was made by iheschool 
administrllion and bad to be re-
spected by the Interfraternity C0un-
cil (IFC). The chapter to this point, 
personal grievances aside, has been 
comPletely cooperative and quiet 
despite baving to endure such things 
as a front page article in the Gumd-
ian. However, we now feel this si-
lence bas become damaging. 

Most notably is an omission made 
in the IFC advenising which was 
mailed this summer to prospective 
rushees. The advertising failed to 
mention Delta Tau Delta through-
out and even went so far as to say 
thai only twelve fraternities exist on 
campus. 

This bas led many people to ask 
us if our chapter is still in existence. 
further compounding our problems. 
For clarificarion's sake, the chapter 
is now serving the last two weeks of 
a suspension and hopes to success-
fully return as a: member of (fe. 

MeanvhiIe, we~cunendy ru&& 
ing, although not in IFC formal rush. 

Another provocalion stemming 
from our bewildering suspension is 

a sentimentthar much ofthe punish-
ment incurred by Delta Tau Delta 
coold be construed as an attack on 
fralemities in general. We truly 
wonder if a non-fraternal group in 
our situalion would have received 
such artention and suffered as many 
ramificarions as this group has. 

Along the same lines, it also 
seems that this sudden, previously 
out-of~baracter suspension could 
have happened to "any chapter." 

To justify, this Delta Tau Delta 
chapter has no previous history of 
problems on campus. Many other 
instances in the past penaining to 
other groups have gone largely un-
noticed. Thus, there was a random 
decision made thar now is the time 
to try and set an example before 
some other "reaJ " problem happens. 

1berefore il was not so much thaI 
Delta Tau Delta created a problem 
as it was that a fratemity created 8 
problem. Many people see fraterni-
ties as being synonymous with slip-
ping in and out of trouble through-
out their entire existence. 

Likewise. many chapters become 
comfonable with this existence, 
because they are not willing to com-
promise with some of today's new 
standards. They would rather get 
away with as much as possible and 
then face any possible ramifications. 

This is not necessarily right or 
wrong. Nevenheless, it is 8 senti-
mentechoed every single time even 
the smallest of panies is thrown by 
acbapter. 

In the future, cenain unforesee-
able actions, whether warranted or 
not. will regrettably affect various 
chapters. Always under a watchful 
eye, the chapter will then be sub-
jected to a random future status. 

It is pm:isely this randomness that 
Wldennincs the justifICation of our 
suspension and is the main source of 
ourcompfainL It wiD be interesting to 
see wbar actions are carried out in the 
future when problems arise with vari-
ous grou~ and whether the group is 
a fraternity or not 

To this point. IFC members and 
other students have shown us support 
througboutoursuspemionperiod. The 
general sentiment has been that the 
sentence was harsh and rather surpris-
ing. 

Fmally, Delta Tau Delta is not 
uying to set any records straight nor 
trying to right any wrongs with this 
simple 1ctter. However, we do feel 
justified in venting some chapter frus-
traIions parented by bureaucratic au-
thority that has surrounded every na-
tional greek system and made frater-
nal organizations the most controver-
sial aspect of college Hfe today. . 

Robert T. Barnett 
Anton Bittner 

SPECIALS 
YAIl.MONO D 
J.pan .... Fooa • Teriyaki Chicken with vegetable tempura 

• Teriylki Chicken, beef, or A I or caLliUfomNCia roHIl W$ith
4

5a
99
lad & rice 

pork served with Slllad IIId rice L • 
WNCH $3.99 y DINNER $5.95 
DINNER $4.75 Soup .............. .,.. ....... 0100 ..... 

r------------------, I DI ... ER lDIYAIO ~N, BEEf, TEMMA $1250 I POI 2 WIth soup, and salad 
L WllH1It5AD. ~ IMI'" .J 
------------------

..... ,.~ La Jolla Colon~1aza 452-4255 ~._"I!II".I'" 7728R1pntaRd.I501(VOIlI . Cenltr) 
,... ................................ ..... 

/ OPINION 7 

--1r::·UCSD -~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~~ro.~~~!Y* 
• 120 minlmum purc:bue • willli. 5 mile rodi ... of comp ... 

Is .. 10I'l1191 
Not .... ..;'" 
., ........ ,. 

as always, 10% or, when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

451-1545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery. 7 days 8 week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Co.ta Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH e 

WE RECYCLE 
0UfII WATER 

z.@ 
-4rUCSD 1 
~ L. JOII. VIII.,O Dr. UTe I II I J ~"I Dr . J ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHEll SU 2000 " DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------: III Full Service $ 99 
! ~?~6~ f~'!! !'!'seSl! 3,.,.~ 
I C."R WA.Sh Nat 'IIIid lIIIIun'l 0IIII aIIer. SAVE $4.01 

Eapiroo 0cwI00r 23. '", I I 
------------------------

!Jlowers & 9ij1s 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

S~n Die~,'o , CA 92122 
558·6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS' 
\\Ilh pullhJ-": ,is 10 urll'lllfl" 
\lIt ';"1<.1 "lIh JI'ly uthl'f uffcr 
hpif\.'S9!jC).t)1 • ... It Dflivrr World Wid<' 

Und Table Pizz;} 
WE DELIVER 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
r-- DELIVERY, CARRYOUT OR IN STORE --, 

,: $11.99 PM I .. I Fabulous Five 
I A Large, Thin Crust 

'1 Pizza with Pepperoni, 
I Mushrooms, Olives, 
I Green Peppers and 
I Onions 

Medium 
Single 
Topping 
Pizza 

Purrllase a Medium Pepperoni 
Pizza for $8.99 and get a 

Medium Single Topping Pizza 
for just $4 more. plus tax. 

I Cood thru Dec . 31. 1991 OnlyllC, Coo!I 'hruDec. 31. 1991 only.,. 
I UCSD PrIce Cen,er/&lk E~ Tavern lJCSD PrIc. Cen'er~ Eyo T"""", I ~~~~per ftllJ: ~~C0l4:r f.tl~ 

_""",anyod... R d wlldwl'h.nyo(.... d I o/fer. UmI.ed ddiY<ry oun 01 .... lJrrOled ddIuery Roun 
-. -II :::: onIer Ie Table.. ::!::' __ Ie Table 
$'.50 300 Pizza SI.50 30' Pizza L ________ -L ________ ~ 



8 NEWS The UCSD GaardiIa Monday, October 7, 1991 

Slavery Conference Hosted by ·UCSD founding Faculty S~ected 
For SchOOl of ArChitecture By 0. ...... Guatdlan Repotter 

More than 70 experts on the his-
tory of black slavery in the Western 
Hemisphere gathered this weekend 
III UCSD's Garren Auditorium of 
the Basic Science Building to dis-
cuss black slavery, emancipation 
and race relations in the United 
StaleS, Lalin America and Africa. 

The experts and panelists met at 
the "Slavery and Freedom in C0m-
parative Perspective" conference to 
discuss the issues of different types 
of slavery and abolitionist move-
ments throughout the AmeriCllS and 
theaftennathofslaveryinconstrucl-
ing post-slavery societies. 

The three-day conference was 
divided into four sessions, each of 
which began with a shon presenta-
tion followed by a panel discussion 
of a previously circulated paper. 

The conference was fOlTTlaued 
to emphasize panel sessions and 
forum discussion rather than focu -
ing solely on lengthy presentations. 

"I think the format worked very 
well and the topics were perfectly 
relevant. Wecoveredalotofground 
and discovered many new pos i-
bi1ities to be researched."said Barry 
Gaspar of Duke University. 

"Even when the titles of the ses-
sions may nor have seemed entirely 
related. the major progress was in 
the discu sions. People really got 
into it ," Gaspar said. 

Gaspar served as a commentator 
for Sunday morning's discussion 
on nineteenth century slave resis-
tance in Ghana. 

Because of the nature of the 
conference's format. the event was 

I 
G 
N 
o 
R 
A 
N 
C 
E 

is a disability 
in itself. 

Come see that 
disabilities do not 
mean inabilities. 

closed 10 the general public. Project 
co-<iirec:tor and UCSD History 
Steven Hahn said that because they 
circulated the papers in advance in 
order to stimulate discussion, it 
would have been "logistically im-
possible to have everyone just drop 
in and confer on such complex is-
sucs." 

The conference be .. on Friday 

" We covered a lot of 
ground and discovered 

many new possibilities to 
be researched. 

" BARRY GASPAR 
Duke University Professor 

night with a panel session on "Abo-
litionism and Emancipation in Com-
parative Perspective" presemed by 
Robin Blackburn, editor of theNl.'w 
Left Review and author of the ac-
claimed work The O\'erthrow of 
Colonial Slavery. 

Blackburn, who recently arrived 
in the United States after research-
ing Brazilian lave history in South 
America, compared the influences 
of abolitionism and black resistance 
to the anti-slavery movement and 
the grndualemancipationof all slav 
in the Western Hemisphere. 

On Saturday morning, discus-
sion fumed to Thomas Holt' ;;The 
Essence of the Contract: The Ar-
ticulation of Moral and Social Order 
in the Political Economy of Free-

dam. Jamaica. 1838-1848." 
Holt is from the University of 

Chicago and an authorof studies on 
Jamaican freedom and slavery. 

Also that morning, Rebecca 
Scott. a specialist on Cuban slavc 
history from the Univers.ity ofMichi-
gao presented "Mobilizing Across 
the Color Line: Race, aass. and 
Anli-Coloniallnsurgency in Cuba. 
1895-1898," and Fftderick Cooper. 
a leading specialist on slavery and 
emancipation in East Africa, dis-
cussed "Conditions Analogous to 
Slavery: lmperialism and Free La-
bor Ideology in Africa. .. 

On Saturday afternoon, William 
Mcfeely, a Pulitzer Prize-wiMing 
biographer of Ulysses S. Grant and 
Frederick Douglass and Professor 
of History from the University of 
Georgia. presented "Carousing with 
the Proletariat: Fredrick Douglass 
and Friendship." 

The conference concluded on 
Sunday morning with Emilia Vioui 
deCosta's "From All According to 
Their Abilities, To AJI According to 
their Needs: Slave Day-tc>-Day Re-
si tance and Notions of Rights in 
Guyana, 1823-1832." 

Vioni da Costa is a leading spe-
cialist on slavery and emancipation 
in Brazil and the Canibean at Yale 
University. 

"It was an extremely stimulating 
rneeting,"said Hahn. who was happy 
with the conference' outcome. 

The conference was sponsored 
by the Focused Research Project in 
Southern Hi tory, which consists of 
History Depanrnent faculty and 
graduate students from UCSO and 
UClrvine. 

.,.., ....... . 
,..EcatJt 

UCSD'I School of An:hiIecuIre InIOUnCed on Friday the appoint-
... allaurfoundinc r.cuIty ...... bers, c:boIen from an inlemaliOllllJ 
pool of 400 appIDaII. 

"We bid .. emezi,.tumout. which WMaood for III. aIIhough it 
.--plof leI: ';,1.1 IbIIIIIIIdJ morechalJcnainl, .. said &1cIUI 
Aft'aim 06:cr Fmn ....... 

TIle poOl .. Miaowed down 10 0.. Cutr, an ~ 
IOCioIoPt DOW • die UaiveaiIy ~ SouIbem c.IiIomia; WIlIiIm 
OIdia. .. cbitecClnl biIIori8n cumndy livial iD France; CIaiJ 

~I', an IItbiteconl deliper af'IIn.ed with the Uniwnity ~ 
PallsylVIIIia ... _ SouIbern California IOIIituIe ~ ArcbiIleClUre; 
IIId M. Sullo UbbdaWe, an IIChitect anden~ IeChnoIoay 
specielilt from the Uaiwrsi1y of Mimesoca. 

A&:conliDtIO Hepler,lbeappoinlees ~dIOIen not only bec:auIle 
~tbeir expertiIe buI ~ they all hue .......... of vision." 

ffodaeai IIId CudiI wiD join the UCSD fIIcuIty thit quarter, while 
Cuff ... Ubbelohde wiD be in residcnc:c this JanUll)'. But according 
to Dean of MbiIieC:Clft Adele N.ude Santo5, working sessions for 
curriculum developmear wiD be held with the four new members this 
fall in prepmlion forD lint cblsa of graduIIe studenIs, The flJ'Sl class 
will be recruited durina this 8C8dcmic year and will be limited 10 20 
SlUdents. 

"'The choice ofthele fourcxpens reveals a lot abouIthe aapiralions 
for the new school. CoUectivdy, their talents and knowledge enc0m-
pass four imporwu aIpCCtI of the architecture cuniculum: design. 
architectunl his&ory and theory, building lechnology. behavioral 
sciences and the architectural practice," Santos said. 

.. Wearcoomingupwithanewapproachtoteachingarchitecturc .... 
[Santos] has taught at Harvard. PeIUl and Rice, [so) she can recognize 
the strengths and weaknesses in a program. We want to build on what 
we know to be streng1bl, and overcome weaknesses. Innovation is the 
key word." Hegc1er added. 

Hegelcrdacribed Curtis as". brilliant historian. He breaks bound-
aries,looking at [SouIhwesIcm1lndian architecture ... he has a global 
perspective." Curtis II DOC fonnally associated with a university, 
although. accordina to Header. he has received olfCIS before. 

"[HodgeUs) is anllDlZina deaipet', II'Ilned in so many forms of 
design - indusaiaI desian.1d design land) architecture .... He is also 

See ARCHIlECT, ". 13 

~ 

Highlights: Finandng Your F..duCltion 
Me&. Oct. 7 - ActressIcomedieuoc Gai 
Jewell perfa'IIIS in MaDdeville Auditaium 
from DOOIlIO 2 p.m. 

Tue., Oct. S - Jazz piaDist CIareDce Bell 
perfcxms 11 die Gym Stcps atllOOlL From 
11:30 to 0000. graduates from CaDiDc 
Compaaioos fir lDdepeDdeoce will 
dcmoasnIc wbat !beir dogs can 00. 

Wed., Oct. , - Music atllOOO 00 RevelJc 
Plaza. At die Revelle Freid. the Bonita 
EquesIriaD Therapy f~ die HaDdiapped 
propm will have a demonsIratioo 00 die 
betlefits of bippotber1py at II a.m. 

TbtrrS., Oct. 10 - Canirie Companioas for 
lndcpcudcnce make a return visit at 11:30. 
Two + ODe wiU have a signed-SOIlg 
pcrformsDCe in Muir Quad at noon. Urban 
Miyares ~ audieoccs with currem 
informalioo regarding succeeding with a 
disability in the wort f<m at I p.m. in the 
lntenwional CClla:r Lounge. AI the UCSD 
MtdicaJ Ctnttr: a resource fair will be bdd 
from 11:30 to 1 p.m. between tile Medical 
Library and tile Clinical Teaching Facility 
Building. At 11 :45 a discussion involving 
UCSD Medical Cemer Employees with 
disabilities will ocetr. FilIally, Clarence Bell 
will perform from Doon to 1 p.m. 

Frt., Oct. 11-PaDeI discllSSioo 00 dle effects 
ofllle ADA from 11:30 a. • .'to I p.rn. in 
MAAC Coofereuce Room Ill-A. ne plllel 
includes Doug Martin. SOJIS04 Coa'diDaroc. 
Ua.A; CytIhia Jones. MaiMrrtom 1IIIpZiDe; 
Kim 8anIea. PILD .• Directa. Commwily 
Service Ccaacr f~ tbc Disabled; and Anthonv 
ArIDeta. County of San Diego EmpJoymem , 
()ppcJtuniry Specialist Resotrte fair in frool 
of die Main Gym from 12:45 to 2:45 p.rn. 
Inside dle JYlII wiU be a Wbeek:bair 
Basketball ExbibitiOll from 1:30 to 2:30 p.D\. 

am Be A Balancing Art .. 
Talk To Us 
AhoutA 
Student 
loan! 
• Fast ·locIll 
We dare ocher lenders (0 beat us! 
If you need special help, we aren't a 
,'ague voice in ew York or Sacramento. 
We're here and we help. VISit our neamy branches 
in Sorrt"l1to Mesa at 5 85 Oberlin Drive, uite 109, 
and in PatiflC Beach at 4440 [ngraham Street. 
Free Credit Union Mamership! 
We'lI waive your membership fee and you'U enjoy 
outstanding financial services from any 
of 22 rountywide branch locations. 

Call us for more info about sca8Ord, SIS, or ~ at 

546-2063 
or ask your Fmancial Aid Deparunern 

-The Student Loan Store" 
\I"""" """"".1 .. J 1 moIhm ,TedI unonn .. hIch """ "",0.'\1 !he o.'\IU<..tOONt,"OIMlUtIIIy .. "" 1lM:a<' Coun!) r'l< 

,11<"" IhJn d quo.,..,. Wnllll) R.oI ..... , ................ kwa-. and ....... '" 'I4'<t 'II d .... • All 100 ... u . ... t to m 'tlit "J1!WI".1 

Monday, OcIDbcr 7,1991 

TAX 
CuiIIIo ......... 1 

In filet, ICCOI'dina to Socte, an 
increaed use of the inIer-libmry 
lou system is perMpitheonly JOOd 
reaull from the budpI problems. 

Overlhe"~, requesI5 from 
UCSDonthe UC-widelyatemhave 
lncrcased by 87 pen:em. 

11111', a very JOOd indicator of 
the impKt (oftheCUlS) on users," he 
said. ~ 

In addition, SocIe noted thai cuts 
mandIIe "a lot more cooperation" 
between UC campuses in choosing 
permanenI collections. 

UCSO's libraries currcndy rank 
65th out of about 120 research li-
braries nIlIionwidc in terms of vol-
umeofrnalerials. accordinglOSocte. 
The system has remained near that 
ranking over the years, sincc "al-
most everyone is going through what 
we're going through," he said. 

lbough some universities around 
the country have less ~uble with 
library budgets than UCSD, the en-
tire UC library system is slipping 
back with UCSD. The Los Angeles 
Times reported that the eight per-
cent journal tax will cost the UC 
system approximately $1,7 million. 

SoeIe DOlled lhlllibrlries are of-
fal a rne.ure of the presti. of • 
university, and the success of1hose 
h1nrieaisdelenninedalmost solely 
by volume ofmaterials. But. he said 
thai morcelfective waJS of gauging 
• libmry's cffectiveness are being 
devcloped. 

According 10 Soefe, .. the tax is 
just anocher problem" contributing 
to the backslide of the system, 
"Wc've not had [in the past six 
years) an actual dollar cut, but the 
prices of journals and books arc 
increasing at a rate far outstripping 
the increase in the budget." 

For example, the materials bud-
get of the UCSO Library has in-
creased 51 percent over the past six 
years (state matcrials funds havc 
increased 28 percent), but the vol-
ume purchased per_student has 
dropped by 40 percent. 

Soete • noced that the materials 
budget has nothing to do with the 
budget allocated for the Central Li-
brary addition. Those funds were 
approved by voters. 

Some of the budget allocated for 
library services has been expended 
to make up for purchases lost to the 
budgct shoItfall, Socte said. 

"Within the laSl twoyears," Socte 

StatView Student: 
Statistical Software that's easy 
. to use and easy to afford 

Learning sta listics is difficult 
enough. Why should you have 
to slruggle wilh your statistical 
software as well? 
You don'l have to. 
Abacus Concepts has been 
designing easy-lo-usc, yet pow-
erful Madntosh statistical soft-
ware since 1984. In fact, our 
StatVic\yelinc has won the M/U· 
world World Cass A ward for 
Best Macintosh Statistics Soft-
ware lour limes. No other statis-
tics program has ever won thiS 
award. 

students because: 
• ii's powerful, yet easy to use 
• it's veryaffordablo 
• it's designed to run on any 
Macintosh, including the Clas-
sic, LC, and IIsi ! 

5., VirII 5r""', for /Itt MldIllO.M 
Now there's a version of is 1M."".",' .... IIII"u 
StalVlewdcsigncd juSI for stu- !IDht''''forshl~'''15 
dents. By working closely with With StalVicw Student, you can 
profcssors from scverallcading jX!rfonn descriptive statistics, 1-
universities, Abacus Concepts tcsts,l'l'8ression, A1\OVA, contin-

The UCSD Guardian 

wrote, "the supp\emenIaI amount 
[out of other library funds) is close 
to $350,000. This means that we 
havcnotboughtcquipment, or hired 
staff." 

SCHNURER 
CanIInued fnIm .... 3 
nerabIe to a lawsuit. 

"If he sticks 10 [the terms of the 
lener of resignation] ... it looks like 
he is leaving. I hope he keeps the 
students in mind." Cassar said. 

Cassar said that if Schnurer 
should leave, his duties would most 
likely fallon A.S. executives and 
Director of Student Government 
Randon Woodard. who would not 
havc the time nor the resources to 
continue the position at the same 
level as Schnurer. 

"I'm not here for myself." 
Shnurersaid."[MembersoftheA.S.] 
are all here for the students." 

His justification for allowing his 
personal circumstances to influence 
the necessity of a stipend raise. said 
Schnurer. is that "the needs of the 
many override the needs of the few. 
By giving in a Iinlc for the needs of 
the many, you have to bring in the 
needs of the few." 

tidan or a 
computer jock to 
use it. 
StatView Student is 
not designed to be a 
replacement for your text-
book or your teacher. It's sim-
ply the most effective Macintosh 
tool for getting your statistics 
work done. 
StatView has always been easy 
to usc. Now it', easy to afford, 
too. Ask for StatView Student al 
your campus bookstore or com-
puter center. Or call us at Sl~ 
54&-1949. StatVlew Student has a 
list:price of 599. Academic dis-
counts are available. 

1\[l1\<.\A...s 
has developed the optimal rom- gcncy tables, and nonparamctric 
bination 01 statistics and graph- tests on your datasets. What's AUOISClllm. .. 
ing teiltuR.'S for student users. morc. StalVlcw Student gives 1tI4I1C11TUftlll( 
The result 01 this joint effort is you stylistic control over your IUIfUY, CA t4J04.IIJI_ 
SlItView Student. graphs and tables. And best of ~It) I4I-1Mf. (SIO) S4Nl .. 'M 
StatView Student is perkct for all, you don't have to be a statis- ltdIwW.i~~IIC(OIP. 
s...V_lu .....,..,......., AMuI c-p... IIIC. All ......... ~ .. Ir.tenwbClt JCSiIIIrtII tndeIMrkI 01 tIIIir ItIfIIC1I" IIIIdm. 

NEWS 9 

r--------------------, 
I WELCOME BACK VCSD 
I Brite this ad In for 

$2.00 OFF ALL NEW 
COMPACT DISCS! 

for only $8.99 (average price) 

IAUDIOFILe 
compact discs • tapes • home audip 

459-FILE VISA/MC 
IL . 1030 Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla ..I 
--------------------

• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ S ' .-~- .: 
: & teve S lallnalurall ~ 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • 
: FREE YOGURT: Free FLYING • 
: or ICE CREAM DISC 
• 
• Buy one cup or cone 
: and receive 2nd of 
• equal or lesser Value 
• 
• for Free. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• • 
• MU51 presen l lh,s ad al TIme o f purchase • 
• Offe , sub,ec i 10 reurxal KJn Wl thoul rot l(~ 
• 01:,(oonI 5 not valid WIth other d'J(oun15 
• Of COUpons M.,umum discount on any 
: pure"'" I, 53 00 T""",ngs noo ",du<kd : di S ounh : : -r: ,ood Ontv al oSlaV" ,d" : Good Onlv al oS l a V~,d" : 
• ••••• Expire. 11 /31/91 •••••••••• Expires 11 /3119t •••••• 
: in the Costa Verde Shopping Center : 
: 8650 Genessee Ave_ • San Diego· 450-3044: 
: Directly Across From University Towne Centre : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Austral.ia 
Visit the Land Down Under 
Boston University 
Office of International Programs 
introduces its new 

I , 

Sydney Internship Program 
Internships available in : 
Management, Finance, Economics 
Media: Journalism, Broadcasting, Film 
Politics and International Relations 

Olher programs available in England, France, Greece 
Israel , Italy, Niger, Spain, and the Soviet Union. 

For program derails comple'o rhe coupon below and mail to: 
Boston Universrty 
International Programs • 
232 Bay State Road 
Boston. MA 02215 -
6171353·9888 

I~ I 
I A"" I l cay Stale 1jp : 
I PIIoK L-.....) ~ai __ .icy I 
I s.a- LJ FIlII LJ Spri. LJ 19_ I 

I~~ ..... ·- LIIIFJ'I'Pt •• e.-PNgr._ I L.I ..- LJ On_te LJ Onec:e LJ Syftey 
I CJ PwiI CJ HUla LJ l.cIII4b LJ USSR I 
I CJ Syftey CJ Mati! LJ Madrid LJ wubiqtoe I I CJ w.-..- LJ N __ y LJ Mouc:o I 
I CJ Oaford LJ PIdov. I CJ..... LJ PwiI 
~------------------------------------------------.--

L _____________________ ~ 



10 NEWS 

Get Food 
FOIFlee 

The UCSD Guadiln 

RAU.Y 
Cull ull ........ 2. 
march WIll followed by several 
..,... whidI ........ Wilson for 
his "beIrayal" fA the homosexual 
community.adclUnedlMthesuc-
cumbed to riJil-wma praIIft. 

.COIllloweny~lhis 
biU is of per1icuIIr u.. to man-
bas of Ihe LabiIn. Gay. Ind Bi-
sexual AslOCi~on (LGBA) at 
UCSD. ..After die veeo of this bill. 
people will realize that it ;s IepI to 
disaimin8Ie apinst py peopIe." 
said LGBA mernberSlqlhen Coni8-
Conia fears thai incidenls of job 
discrimiMlion towards homosexu-
als will increase as a result of this 
veco. 

This issue could have profound 
implicllions for lOme UCSD stu-
dents about to enter the job market. 
Senior Jean-Pierre Mo&qne, also 
an LGBA member, described the 
reaction of the UCSD homosexual 
community to the vew as one of 
··anger .... 1t seems absurd to me that 
he [Wilson] would veto anything 
thai is just [an] anli~scriminllion 
law." 

After the rally, LGBA co-dWr 
Oleli Mohamed added that she felt 
it was unfortunate that aJlthe rally 
momentum only appeared after the . 
bill was vetoed, instead of while the 
bill was still under considenlioo. 

Those observiD, the rally were 
generally supportive oflhe protest-
ers' views. "I'm su.iPt.adI think 
[the proteSt is] great, "remarked one 
bystandu. "People have ripIs. " 

Others were more inditrerenL 

» 

Maaday, October 7, 1991 

One man holds • sfCn reedl~ 
-Wilson' 8 unemployment otrlce for 
Pi men and lesbians.' 
Responded one businessman, "( 
don'l have much reaction 10 any of 
this. (think people are watChill8 this 
mainly as a noVelty." 

1be center of the controversy is 
an anti~mination bill known 
as AS 101. If passed. the bill wo,uld 
have added sexual orienlalion 10 a 
list of other attributes, such as 
cthnicily, age, sex and religious af-
filiation which are already protected 
by job discrimination laws. 

Opponents of the bill have 
claimed that il is unnecessary be-
cause existing laws already suffi-
cienlly protect homosexuals apnst 
job bias, and that further legislation 
would only serve to pressure and 
harass businesses in California. Fur-
theropposition also came from fun-
damentalist religious groups who 
charged that the bin wasc:ontnuy to 

See RAU.Y, Page 13 

PROFESSIONAL AND 
GRA])UATE SCHOOL 
INFORMAnON DAY 

MONDAY, 0CT0III14, 1991 
11:00 a.m.-2:00 p.m. 

ear.- Sertices c.ne... PIca 
Meet with admissions representatives from academic, MBA and 
Health Professions Programs from around the slate-and country. 
5PONSOIIID IY: Career Services Center 

I ' , , 

Office of Graduate Studies and Research 
School of Medicine/Special Admissions 
Support 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M r H 10 f, ,~ rT1 I, • ' 1 -1 
S.lt 1,~ p nl '01'1' ( ',11 1[, 

BE A STAR ON 
"KNIIHTS a 
WARRIORS" 
• .... .., .... rv ...... 
Men .... Women 18 years old 

v ~ ..... ,J and over with outstanding athletic 
abiliry. If you have outstanding 
athletic ability, stamina, speed, 
agility, brains, brawn and great 
pcnonallty, brine It (aJona with 

.ala, safety peds and helmet) to our OPEN AUDmON: 
.... ',0lIl_11,11 ..... .... 

....... ,., ... , ........... , ............... . 
For ft19Ie lnro call c..oI (1111 •• Ii • 

. . 

Monday, 0cII0bcr 7, 1991 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR 

EdiIor: .r 
Throughout my entire life at 

UCSD I've rpent my Fridays and 
Saaurdaysgeuina drunk in my dorm 

( room. When my 21 51 binbday c.me 
over the SUIUDeI'.llhouiht finally I 
would be able ID I*IY at bars and 
dance clubs. 

But \DOll of.u (looked forwanl 
tospendina Friday ~ lUck-
ing beck .. Round TIIble, sipping 
suds and eating pizza with my 
friends. (Oh, by the way, this letter 
isn't aboua how par the old pub 
was. I WE here before il shut down 
and believe me. it sucked!) 

Anyway. when I finally turned 
21 and I went to order my firstieRai 

piliCber. ( \VII shocked to have to 
sheD out SS.3S for a pilCher of Bud. 
For thai amount lcouidbuy atweiver 
of Keystone and then some. Instead 
my friends and I were forced 10 buy 
Sor6pildJers before wccouldeven 
get psyched 10 go up to the Price 
CenIer pmeroom and play "Hat 
Trick Hero." 

Anyway ,I would like to suggest 
u asolution.. that Round Table stock 
kepofMcister Brau, and sell pitch-
ers of it for $3.50. 1lley'd slill be 
malting a sizeable profit and poor 
college students like me wouldn'l 
be forced to still drink in our dorm 
room even though we're 21. 

John GrondaIsIti 

""'A~'#\ \",,=~f;::;~~ Don't Just Read It. 
Write It. 

Call Ben or Matt 
aJ5~82 

2 TANS. $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Lose 6'-' Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap • Only $48 

Not a ttf11lOlJlY ...... 1O.I ; twa c:eUIe and stJelCh marks 

. ....... ---..... 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 ~ 1117"1 

StIrIdby .... _1UIljIct to •• a_ eI..,..... To ... ,.. MIVICe, I', 
. belt to come In on weeIfdIyI. 

457·3334 
8843 Vila La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla VI ..... Center (Ralph's, savOn) 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 11 

Brouqht To You By: ~ -
~ Sprint 

Because You 
Have Better 
ThilUJsTo 
Dothan 

t , 

OIlV out 
Lonq Distance: 

Sales Pitch 
J~I ' '. >' ~ ,'" :, j ~ ~"';)~~. t· ", j ri'n~ ==r.:d",~ 

. ~r l~, ! r, , + ~t,· "', . r:~ <"drill I~I ~dll T ~ : CJf'?C r'ld~pr 
, 1 • 1 ~ r • ~ ~ ,I ~ ~ 1 I.. ~ ; : ... t t r-' • n 1 r 11 I I;' • I ~ ~ 1 t ~ il '" I "Ill; j) ~ "I t to S 1 G r u ~ 

...... - ........ - .... _.-.... _"'_ ......... ....-.. 1 ..... _ ...... __ ............. ""._ 
-... --..................... --.... _ ... ____ ..... _IIIM ~ ....... _I __ __ 

-I-8<><>-877-I 995 



12 The UCSD GUU'dian Monday, October 7,1991 

Enroll With Kaplan During CUtp 
. Campus Fest To Save On Preparation ~s PEst"· 
For ,The April MeAT. Savings Are . ~7rII &.88~ 
Available For The LSAT, GMAT And _ ~ Q 
GRE, Too. Ask For Details. 

During Campus Fest , make sure you stop b) the 
Kaplan Test Prep booth (0 regi ter for our course for 
the April MeAT. You 'll do more than save 250 on 
(he #1 test prep course in the country. You give 
yourself a hC3d·start on achie ing your highest 
possible MCAT score. By signing up early with 
Kaplan , you can: 

• Take our Free Diagnostic Test and pinpoint 
your strengths and weaknesses bdore 
classes begin . 

• Star! reviewing M AT content area ' with Ollr fi ve 
\ 'olullles of Ilome Study Notes. 

• Familiarize yourself with the new MeATs unique 
multiple choice question formats with our 
thousands o f practice questions. 

• Review explanations to all AAMC-rcleased practice 
test questions and sample items. 

• Begin honing your test-taking skills with Kaplan's 
time-proven strategic ... 

c 1·)1> I ",.lI1k·\ " ",lpl.1l1 1·.dllGlIlon:11 Cl'llllT I.ld. 

This :111 t:lkes place before you ever set foot in a 
Kaplan classroom . Once classes start, you receive: 
• H full sessions of live instruction in all MCAT 

suhject areas. 
• A lesson plan imegrating prJctice tests with each 

week's lesson . 
• Essay Writing Pr~lctic<: including two gmded 

L'SS;I\ ·S. 

• Scicncl' Rl'\'iL'\\' Clinics. 
• Indh'idual tutoring as needed. 

It's {his comprehensive in~tructi~)I1 and individual 
:mL'ntion (hal make ~Iplan the leader in test prep. 
Enroll early at Campus Fest and put the power of #1 
on \'oUl' side! 

For mol'(: information, see your Kaplan 
rL'presentative during Campus Fest, or call : 
277-6744 
Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center Ltd, 
'f 780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92117-2006 
.., !':;II '.'\ 11l~" ,'lL'r \ .111(.1 ~ Illh II '( HI l 'lllHII dllnll~ ( .lIllpU' fl" " (h..lolllT - .1Ilt!,{ . 1')91 
\ •• 11...1 It of \pnl t I')'I,! \It \1 o nl\ I 

COME TO OUR MCAT SEMINAR * 
MONDAY, OcroBER 7, 1:00 PM 

AT THE PRICE CENTER 
SAN FRANCISCO ROOM 

Ii STANLEY H. KAPLAN &r EDUCA TIONAL CENTER LTD. 
' .... ell :tltili:tI(:c..1 \\ ilh I CSI). 

Mooday. 0cI0bcr 7, 1991 

RAU.Y 
ConIInuId ......... 10 
"bwIitional family values." 

In explanation of his veto, Gov-
emorWilsonstatcd that only asmaJl 
minority of the popuIalion would be 
likely to cIiscriminaIc apiost bo-

~xuals. "1bat's just not INC." 
rapondedMonmpe. "thcma,jority 
of the pOpllllllan is homopbobic. 
And maybe it is a minority thar aoes 
out and physically abuses JAY 
pcopIe, but we get • 101 of vat.l 
abuse and anIi-py SfJIIiment. " 

The San Dicao rally WIS in c0n-
trast to other rallies beld IIOUI1d the 
stale, which were marked by ar-
rests, violence and acts of vandal-
ism. 

"I hale to see violence of any 
son. " said procestcr Wendy Bartell, 
"butpeopleareanary." 1anBamard. 
also present II the event, agreed by 
saying, "It is importanl to show that 
we're not going to be polite and 
quieL" 

Organizers of the rally said that 
they were pleased with the turnout 
and were quick to ROle thai this 
event would not be the end of their 

ISIS . 
ConIInuId ......... 1 

"We're looking out for stu-
dents," Fisher said 

The problems with the new sys-
tem bepn during the sununer, 
when administrators discoverect 
that the e:ompurer thal openued 
ISIS, thelntegratcd Student Infor-
matioo System, was too small for 
UCSD proc:essins requiremems. 

"Apparently what happened 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSO student Mark Erik Molnar, left. marched in Friday's rally. 
protest against Wilson. During the in denying a Wilson reelection 
rally,apctitiontorecall thegovemer in 1994. "This is just the begin-
was circulated amongst the crowd. ning," said Castillo, "1lOl the end. 

Activists hope to play I vital role We will not let Pete Wilson rest." 

was that our computer didn't have 
the capacity to process the new 
computer system," FISher said 
"After July I, the computer's re-
sponse time degraded rather rap-
idly." 

In mid-August, as the com-
puter continued to slow, the uni-
versity pwchued anew computer 
to run the system. 

"But in the meantime, people 
had gotten behind in processing," 

You Can Become A 

Fisher explained. ''The old ma-
chine was so slow," 

Fisher said that he doesn't ex-
pcctsucll problems when it comes 
time for students to register and 
pay fees for the Winter Quarter. 

And through it all, Fisher con-
tinued to emphasize the benefits 
of the new computer system. 

"When this is all up and oper-
ating, it wiD be to everyone's ben-
efit, " he said 

DOCTOR -OF CHIROPRACTIC 

A Palmer Collqe of Chiropracdc West 
Adm.lop. Rcpmcotaliyc WW DjJcua'j 

Careers in Chiropracric 

PALMER 
Palmer West's Programs & Facilities 

Admissions Procedures & Financial Aid OPtmtunities 
COLLEOE OF CHIROPRACTIC 

WEST 
Santa Clara, CA 

For further Informalion on this 
Palmer Weat Student Meetiol. call: 

Collect 1 (800) 442-4476 

w .. ,.aday. ROCKOLA 
Get hip to the groovy sounds of the sixties and seventies from the band 
"RockoIa-. From the Beatles to Boston you can pop tOI you drop. 
PresenI this ad at the door and we1 eat the $3 coverl Wednesday. 

Thursday • $1 DrInks· An, Drink 
Break tlNIay from the books anc! head downtown for $1 drinks at Johnny 

M's 801 . Enjoy the Motown sounds of 
Downtown and gorge yourC3e!~ on pizza 
slices and any drink for only a dollar a 
holler! TtIIrsday. 

....... ca.u.. ODUIIrYAM 

'.8ot1=owth Avt •. , .. 
. , ~",~", .. 
/~:' ~~Av.~ ~" 
i;:y····· .. 1,1.lt .. ~ 

RND 
ROOUIteS 

11cketl 
Can 
BIles 

RIIItIIs 
Dab 
Jobs 

CotIpatm 

.... 

ICID 
..... 

a I ..... 
upstairs In the 

Student 
Center, abCMt 
theGeneni 

Store 

ARCHITECTS 
ContInued from PICe 8 
known as a very good critic," 
Hegeler said. 

According to Hegeler, Cuff is 
one of few people who study the 
sociological aspect of design, 

''Technology is changing the way 
things are designed. [Cuff asks,) 
'How does this .affect the way in 
which we woJ1c:7' ," she explained. 

DISABLED 
ContInued from .... 3 
cussion of the effects of the Ameri-
cans With Disabilities Act on em-
ployment issues. The session will 
be held at 11 :30 a.m, in Conference 
Room III -A in the Matthews Com-
plex. Panicipants in the discussion 
will include Doug Martin, a coor-
dinator for access and accommo-
dation for the disabled at UQ.A; 
Cynthia Jones of Mainstream 

DO YOU SUfFtR FROM 

NEWS 13 

Hegeler added that the architec-
tural field is also changing because 
of building codes and regulations, 
and because architects must man-
age and design projects, 

She said that Ubbelohde's woJ1c: 
includes investigating alternative 
uses of energy and environmentally 
sound buildings. For example, 
Ubbelohde studies how to design 
buildings to make use of natural 
light and natural air flow. 

Magazine, an advocacy and educa-
tion publication for the disabled; 
Kim Bartlen, the director of ,he 
Community Service Center for the 
Disabled; and Anthony Araneta, a 
specialist with the County of San 
Diego Employment Opportunities 
office. 

There will also be a wheelchair 
basketballex.hibitionfrom 1:30p.m. 
to 2:30 p.m. in the Main Gym, in 
conjunction with a Resource Fair 
held from 12:45 p,m. to 2:45 p.m. 

'ASTHMA? 
. 

Volunteers needed for asthma study. All testing and 

study medications are free. Qualified partldpants 

will be paid up to $250 for complete partidpation. 
CALL 436-3988 

(ask for Kelly or janet) 
WaftII W. PIesIIDw, MD, Asthma and TI9Iment and Research Center 

. Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff T enning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------~.!.t!'~~ning for $ 3 5 
Mus! pmenlihi, coupon. e..pn. 10/21 / 91 

Please ask about oor other services such as manicures and hair care! 

--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 
~U •• ___ I ____ ~ __ 

/711 JJ-I~I ·/~t::Il ., III '!:/ 
"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 

Our Updated Fall Schedule ... 

Ames 105A 
Biology 131 • 
Chern 140A (Fahey) 
Chern 140A (Cas,er.) 
Chern 140A (Caser,) 
Math 2F 
Physics lA 

Fri 12-2pm and Sun 2-4pm 
Mon 6-8pm and Wed 6-8pm 
Tues 8-t Opm & Thurs 8:30-t 0:30pm 
Thurs 6-8pm and Sun 6-8pm 
Thurs 8-tOpm and Sun 8-tOpm 
Sat 4:1S~:lSpm and Sun 4~pm 
Sat 2:1S-4:tSpm and Sun 6-8pm 

All instruction begins on or after Sunday Sept. 29th 
Locution: We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center. Right behind the Elephant Bar 
and EI Torito restaurants, just across hom campus! 
Only 24 spaces available in each session. Any UCSD student 
may attend a free first session to evaluate our program, and 
your satisfaction is guaranteed . 
Fees: Course fees are $150 per class. Qualified financial aid 
students may enroll for $125 per class, Hasta! 
Questions? Call us lOam-Midnight, at " " ,,455-1000 



14 

I' , 

. , . 

The vcsn Guardian Monday, October 1,1991 

fulfill all your communications 
reqtlirements with one course. 
AINT STUDENT 

SAVERPUJS If you're Jookjng for a simple way to handle all of your communications needs, theres one prerequisite. Join Amr Studetit 

Saver Plus. You'll be able to get an entire line of products and services designed specifically 10 ~ oollege students time and money. 0 Our IlI«b o..te 

A..ned Calling Planst, . ~t·\\- ooukl save you money, no matter where and when you call. Call Managert 
.---/~ 

will 

~ you time by separating your !ong distance calls from your room maleS' calls, for free. And the AT&T Calling Cani makes it easy to call from 

... ---
almost i*'.' )~·1~_ ' anywhere to anywhere. 0 And with AT&T, you'll always get the most reliable long distance service. 0 Plus, if you register for 

...... , It 

any 01 our servke>-<J[ if )OO're alr:",yan AT&T customer - )00'11 81 8" a free hour~ """h 01 ATAT long -.." calling' As wei'" dlsoounb 
on all klnds of thingo;, all year round. 0 So ask about Amr Student Sawr Plus. You'll find that for this communkations course, we did our homeMxk. 

Join ATcfT Student Saver Plus today. CallI 800 654-0471 Ext. 4810. 

Co 

Monday, October 1,1991 

SCORE 
c:.nINad ........ 24 
goal ...• 47-yard field goal. 

No luck for the Bruins. They're 
makina dleir cljmb back to promi-
nence, dley've been ranked in die 
Top 25 ... and they're playing. Top 
20 Cal team - the fU'Sl Top 20 Cal 
team since the '70s. Tough bmIk. 
(Wounded Ken would remind me 
that the Bruins have woq far more 
Cal-UnA games than the Bears.) 

So Cal's now ranked 13th in the 
~. After yean of tearing the 
Bears IIp8I1, Ua.A suddenly finds 
itself getting beaaI by them. And 
on the same wedtend. die Dodgers 
get zapped by the Giants. 

Ouch. 
I feel for LOs Angeles. I rally 

do. 
Then came the worst of it 1be 

Raiders, LA's pride, get beaten by 
the San Diego Clwgeheads. Art 
Shell gets bested at coaching by 
Dan Henning. (Wounded Ken must 
point out thai even at . .500, the Raid-
ers are stiU having a l:ietter season 
than the 4gers.) 

Dan Heming. Well, anything's 
possible. That's what makes being a 
sports fan so interesting - the 
Owgerscan win a game, the Braves 
(and Twins) can win a division, and 
c8I can go 4-0 to start the season. 

It's just that - for thjs weekend 
only - all of the bad things thai 
could possibly happen, happened to 
Los Angeles teams. You get the 
feeling thai Candide mjght wear a 
Dodgers hat while he's cultivating 
his garden. 

But, hey, things are looking up in 
LA After all, it's time for the NHL 
again. And not only are die Kings 
looking good this year, but they 
don't have to worry about getting 
beaten by any Bay Area hockey 
team. 

What. the San Jose Sharks? Are 
you kidding? 

Well, stranger things have hap-
pened. 

Just ask Ken 

M.SOCCER 
CGnIInued flam .... 23 
You've got the same thing this year. 
To have a great team, you've got to 
get these guys to work together." 

Besides the new faces, some old 
jerseys also made an appearance. 
1be familiar long hair and headband 
of Mike Lodoen returned to the 
lineup after • prolonged absence. 

Lodoen had been nursing lKl in-
jured heel for the past three weeks, . 
but said that he felt fine: "I feel 
great. Turns out nothing serious is 
wrong with the ~I." 

Both teams came away withmsh 
injuries. Alex Spaiil nearly dis1o-
cated a shoulder in a head-oni:OlJi-
sion. 

"The shoulder's okay," said 
Spain. with die bulge of an ice-pack 
taped under rus jersey . "AI fU'St, I . 
thought it wa my neck that was 
screwcd." 

Asked ifbe'U play next game, he 
replied, "Hell yeah." Then with • 
miIchieVous pin, "I just can 't prac-
tice for awhiIe." 

The Triton cIefenIe did its usUII 
thing,limitinc MmaiIIh to one shot 
on pi'" allowiDJ only one cot-
ner kick in pickina up ill fifth shut-
out of the yar. 

They did ba¥e one bIakdown 
IfIou&b. 
. AI one poiaI, MeIIiIh', JeIn. 
Rene 1'MI)' ........ 10 ilia cJ. 
blat down 1M CIeIIIer of 1M field. 
But be .. 11.,10 .... fiomdle 
pi box in a....., oflOel. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Regular Sinus 
Problems? 

Our research center Is evaluating a treatment 
for sinusitis. Quallfted volunteers who are at least 
3 years old will be compensated for their time. 

... Asthma? 
Volunteers. aaes 6 to 60, are needed to evaluate new 
medications fOr wheezing, coughing, and chest tight-
ness. Patients need to be taking asthma medications 
regularly and have no other major health problems. 

Qualified participants will be paid for their partldpation. 
For __ detds uU 191-1144 

MCI uk for Wren. 

Allert)' A A8t1uDa Medical Group 
A IleMarcb Center IL P. C. 

U64 KEARNY VILLA ROAD. SurrE 100 
SAN DIEGO, CAUFORNIA 92123 

lilt" 

SPOR.TS 15 



, 

, . 

16 CALBNDAll 

.1bccampus 
calendar is a service 
provided every 
Monday for the 
benefit of the cam-
pus community. 
Submissions arc free 
to on-campus groups 
and departments in 
order for tbem to 
provide infonnation 
about events, lec-
tures, meetings and 
services. Calendar 
fonns should be 
submitted to EDNA 
or the Guardian by 
noon on the 
Wednesday prior to 
publication. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

Monday fvough TIusday 
· 8 a.rn. ... :30 p.m. - Fridays 8 a.m. 
10 3 p.m. The language Program 
provides assistance to students 
whose naive IInguagI is noI en-
glish and " ~ doing worII in 

~, 1Iaian, SpariIh, FIIIIICh, 
Gemw\, v~ and 1UIian. 
A ~ test on wriIIen EJv.IIIh 
as a second Ianpge is avaiIabIIon 
request. cal: 534-2284 lor 1lIOII in-
formation. Okl Siudent Center, 
BWing A, Room 21'. 
Monday fvough Friday 
·8 a.rn. -4 p.rn. - The OASIS WrIng 
CanIer is a .... 1I8IYiCIe lor II UCSO 
studenIs. We .. one" one wriIing 
ccna.1I1CIIS tof arfi Iype 01 wriIing 
project- acadInicJlllPllS, peIIOIIIII 
Stal8m8nlS even stories and poems. 
Our sial! of trained~, 
whocorna IrIlm a v.ieIy 01 acaden'ic 
discipines, tan ~ you LleCOIII8 a 
more eIIectiw wntIr. Cal 534·2284 
10 make an appointmer4 or drop by 
our office in the 00 Student Center, 
Building A, Room 214. Evening ap-
pOintments also available, 
Tuesday and ThJrsday 
• 7·10 p.m. - LGBA study hours. 
Come oul and study. CaI534-GA YS 
for more information. 71h ftoor, Cen-
lral Ubrary. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 

• FitslO~ Slop talking aboul il and 
make it happenl Begin your move 
loward peak fitness by getting a Iree 
Illness assessmenlat the FITSTOP. 
Come by Student Health (2nd floor) 
today and sign up for an appomtment. 
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE 
EXCEPT MAYBE A FEW POUNDS I 
Group III, 2nd floor, Student Health. 
Monday, October 7 
• 2 p.m. - Met thai special someone 
in yw: biology class? Going 10 get 
serious willl that special someone? 
Come 10 Ihe bir1h control information 
session and getacondom and althe 
info. you want. SIudenI HeaI1h Set· 
vi<», 2nd floor. 
Tuesday, October 8 
' 11 a.m.-Hyoudon1P1*til.you 
rrighllnIIcI H. So, beloit you gel 
Ucky, wrapycullb'ciJctIy. Come 
"a biIIh c:onRI inIo eeseion and gil 
a fnII condom. SUIn HeaIh Ser· 
vice. 2nd floor. 
'1 p.rn.-Too ITlIITf hoIlooIcing new 
studenll? Feeling thole primal 
lIlI'I? Come,," tirII and Ir*I 
.-Ion IIICI gil I fnII condom. 
SUIn .... SIIvice, 2nd floor. 

~.0ttabIr9 
• 10 a.m. - RIal WOIIWI don' III 
quichel They come to the W" 
WonwI SeIIion nlind IlIA willi 
heIIhy hing is II IbaIII SlJdInI 
..... SeniicI, 2nd Ioor. 
'1 p.m. -Dldyau IIncIIfWlchldly 

is~Come""billconni 
1liiian IIId Ind ellA 1lI0II. Ycu1 
_ IWCMe .... condom; don' 
........... IISk11n1 ..... 
SeMel. 2nd 1Dar. 
1'IuIdIy. ~ 10 
'10 a.m. - ~ Bet ~ DoagII 
1ta.. .... aondDIn ......... 
IIIWgIriIyIaAllllrnatlndIlIA 
..... ,... ........ 
.. concIom. Come., .. bill can-

trot Information session. Student 
Healf1 SeMce, 2nd i00i. 
·1 p.m. - So you ttink you are a 
heaIhy, hip babe, but are you really? 
Come to the Wei Woman Session 
and find out more. Info on aU the 
woman's hedh is5ues that you realy 
should know. SkJdeotHeaMh Service, 
2nd floor, 

SERVICES AND WORKSHOPS 

Monday through Friday 
• 8 a.m.-4 p.rn. - SIGI plus: 8 step 
software package that alows you to 
individually assess yw: values, skills 
and Interests to idenbty appropnate 
occupations and receive desc~bve 
Information about them. Bnef pre-
lirrinary orientation with an advisor 
required, then two 2·hour sessions 
available on COfTllUIer.~ap­
pointment at Reference Room desk. 
Career Services Center. $10. 
• 9 a.m,-4 p.m. - The ASSOCI-
ATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP 
OFFICE invites lIldeIgraIiJallS In 
aI majoIs to take advantage 04 w: 
seMoes: INm how ." inIemIIIip 
canprMleyauwi#l!heuperience 
and job nining 1IIaI • c:IIIIroom 
ecb:aIIan CIMOI oller. Be IJI'I*IICI 
beIn ilisloo l1li1 We,*,_ ~ 
you iqIrove yOUt __ • CCMt 
... , ......... MIIq 
conIIdIlIId gelling fIIndt.on WtIIIII 
uperiInctt n:.-ycu dwIC:. 

1or~""'m8IIlOlop 
by ClUJ CIIb or C111534-4I8II. PIIce 
CenIIr. 3Id 1Dar. _ 3.303. 

MondIy.~7 
·11 &11:30 a.m. - MERVEW 
SKlLS WORKSHOP - TliI worII· 
shop ..,.. ~ IIdIriqI.a .. 
~lIIbe~In"InW· 
view PIOC'II. Careii' SeMceI 
CenIIr. 
• 1:3C).4 p.m. - DRQP.I/ ADVIS-
ING HOURS: For "Indng dIIIr-
... I*t-lirIII ..."".t cIIeIr· 
"*lit c... pII, ..aq tar 
~ or..paring piII'lIl'lIlII or 
gracUIIlCIIooI CJIIPOIUiIa No 

appai_.~.;'_1n. 
c... SeNcIIIc..r. 
, 3-5 p.m. - SUPPORT GROUP 
FOR GAAIltMTE V«lMEN: ~ 
pOI! IIfUI4» tar ..... dDIng ,.,. 

The UCSD GUMdiaD 

all worIIln ICience or !he funari. 
lies. Leadets: Reina Junz, 534-
3875, and Manen MoriIon. Cal lor 
sigHIp. HSS 2101 . 
• 6 p.rn. - UCSD MEDICAL CEN-
TER VOlUNTEER ORfENTATION 
- FlAute health caRl proI8ssioiws 
find out how you can ~ wtiIe you 
Ieim. Uebow AldtorUn, SCM. 
Tuesday, October 8 
." :30 a.m. - MBA INFORMATION 
SESSION - For adrTission pr0ce-
dures, apptication stralegies and 
process of selecting schools. Career 
Services Center. 
• 1·3 p.m. - RED I: A WOIkshop for 
students who want to be more aware 
of the roles food and weight play in 
their ives. Leaders: Reina Juarez. 
534·3875, and Sam Salinger. CaN 
lor StgHlp. HSS 2148. 
• 1:30 p.m. - EFFECTIVE JOB 
SEARCH STRATEGY-there area 
variety of ways to look 101 WOIIl. Come 
learn about the stralegies that worft 
best Career Serkes Center. 
• 1:3().4 p.rn. - DROp· IN ADVIS-
ING HOURS: For ~ finding desir· 
able part·n ~ment. deter· 
rriring career goals. searcIing tof 
jobs or exploring p!O/esIJionaI or 
pUIIe school opporU1tes. No 
appaiI"'-' ..-.ry.~_in. 
Caller s.w:. CerWr, 
• "'5:30 p.rn. - Undelgradulte 
Wonwn'. ~: A I'IIUP IocuIIng 
on conctmI of undergraduate 
WOIIItIII. LIIdn: &plllIN. 534-
3515. IIId s.n a...g.. Cllior 
ippOiI*,-1l HSS 2025. 
WIchIdIy. ~8 
· .,1 a.m. - MEN NI) WOMEN 
MCU.STEDM,<H.DfEN:AIIIIII4I 
lor IIIWworI 01 diIIIIood nI .. 
IIIcent .. XlIII .... leldlra: 
...... ~. 534-Q255, IIId 
"RdIWI*III.534-G24I.CII~ 

~ MeutIIIin _lcuIge. . 
·1 I a.m. - DENTAL SCHOOl .. 
FORMATKlH SESSION: For ad-
million procecUII. ippIcaIIon 
....1IId P'OC=-I 01 .... 
IdIIIc& c... SInaI CInIIr. 
• 1 p.m. - MARElCETA8lE IE-
SIAIE V«lfI<SHOP-1ilm howlD 
.... paIiIvI ... i' ....... 
ycu ...... c...SeMclac.. 
1If. 
·1»4 p.m. - DROP·IN AOVIS-
ING HOURS: For Nlplndng". 
... ...... ....,-...... 

:-t~!~': 
__ ICIIooI ~ No 

• 5p.m. - UCSOu.m. DiIc~ 
nilaIonIIlIIIIIInQ. JoIn .. __ 
IIId pIIIy 1111 IIiIIII exdIIng spoil 
IlUlid.Noupllilla ..... We 

appaiI .. ~....ary. JuII-1n. .. iIaIuct new pIIIyM - ~ .. 
CarIIr SeMcIa c..r. Spring IIIIOIi yau111JM cU. gil" 
• 3 p.m. - GRADUATE SCHOOl bkIck. and trow • Iwmw tof .. 
tNFORMA TDN SESSION - For • goal. Price CenIIr. SanIa IIabn 
IdmiIIion pnacbII. IR**i Room. 
......... and P'OC=-I GI '**'II ' 6 p.m. -lGBA gIIIIIII buIiI-. 
IChooII. CarIIr s.r.a. CanIer. IIi8IIIng. Come OIAllldgll trwot.edl 
• 7 p.m. - AN EVENING AT THE Forl1ilftia".lIohQll534-GAYS. 
MEDICAL SCHOOl- The UCSD LGBA '*-. 2nd Ioor Old SUIn 
School 01 Mecicine irMIII II AI- CenIIr, abovI SolI ..... 
dIrD ~ in .. rnd:aI pro- T~, 0cIGber 8 
feISion"aIIInd.lJnc:oIIw"myh , 12·1 p.rn. - 0venIaIn NrJrrt· 
and raabas.CJI aII8IiCIng m8IIcaI mcu rIl8IIIing. APIM 2301. 
sdiooI. GarTIn AucIIotUn, SON. • 5:»7 pm. -Doea ~ heat (or 
Tlusday, October 10 oIhet inlamal organs) glllU:k in 
• 1·2:30 p.m. - OVERCOMING ycu 1hroaI when faced with pdc 
COMPULSIVE EATING: Group tof speaking? tJrivarIi1y T oaRTIIsIIIII 
women who cieI and binge. Focus may be tor you. Viii OUt 814JPD1M. 
on dINeIoPng cq;ng skils. leader. relaxing, seIf-paced c:omnuicaion 
8pIa lIN, 534-3585. HSS 2025. workshopIckJb. Tueedays. MMe 
, 1;3()-4 p.m. - DROP·IN AOVIS- ConI. Room 1 I I·A (directly SOIAh 01 
ING HOURS: For ~ finding desir· Price Center BooksIore). 
able part·time e~menf , deter· Friday, October 11 
";rlng career goals, searcIling for .' 3:30 p.m. - MUSIC COMMfTTEE 
jobs or exploring professional or meeting. Come ~ plan the world 
graduate school opportunities. No 1T'lJSic, jazz and blues on C8nlJUS. 
appointment necessary, just walk in. Irvine Room. Price Center. 
Career Setvices CenIer. 
• 3 p.m. - HOW TO INTERVfEW EVENTS end RECREATION 
FOR MEDICAL OR OTHER 
HEAL TH PROFESSIONAL 
SCHOOL- what to expect in an 
interview and hoi 10 prepare for ~. 
Career Setvices CenIer. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - RED II: A group for 
studenIs whowantto bteak"'binge-
psge cycle 04 bulrria. Leaders: 

~ lIN. 5:M-358S, and Paler 
CoccIa. Cal &pia belOIt coning. 
HSS2W5. 
Friday. October 11 
, 10:30 a.rn. - MARKETABlE RE· 
SUME WOII<SHOP-lelm how" 
liliiii1 pcIIIM ... In ..... · an will 
JGII' --. Caratr Saw. c.. 
1If. 
• 12 p.m.-PRE-MEOICAl0RfEH. 
TATDN - inInIcb:IIanlD acadInic 
nlcna pIming tar ..... 
IIIIIIId In .. rIiICbI pnIIIIIion. 
Caratr Saw. CenIIr. 
• 12·1:30 p.m. - PAN·ASIAN 
COMMUNITY FORUM: Drap-ln 

gNqI._~<1IIICIIIiIGlIM'i 
Pdc IIIIIIdIr ..... lIMIII: 
Jeanne ....... 534-3035. and 
Vlwilna.. ...... VllwLaql. 
• z..i p.m. - ALCOHOl. MIJ St& 
STANCEAlIUSEOACIlP: ...... 
"" ......... IDr ........... 
IImIlllllldlllalcllllal.· ..... 
.... lAIdIr: DIn ...... 534-
1571. RMII Cal ".01. 
• +I p.m. - CAItFUS aAQ( R). 
lUI: ......, "" IDr MfI:IIt. 
AmIdcIn ...... LMdIr: PIlI 
RIpIIIII. 5Mo0252. MIuIIIiI\W 
Luge. 

Monday, October 7 
· t2·2 p.m. - Geri JeMlI is an en-

~ comecienne who creates a 
warm and humorous setting as she 
intJences positively anitudes about 
people wiIh cisaWes. Mandeville 
AucMorUn 
• 8 ·10:30 p.m. - RewI1e's ArnIaI 
Casino NghI at Anc:IloMew. 51 do-
naon 18CJ11S11d. Anc:IloMew Call. 
T~. 0cIGber. 
,11 :3Oa.m.·12p.m.-ApUleol 
"C8Iine~pII9IIIi" 
pMII a dlnp ..... 01 ... CI-
..... 01 .... ,.. ...... ... 
... tar piGpII'" dIabIIIII • 
...... o,m ...... 
FridIr. 0c:mbIr 11 
• 12 p.m. - CIIIInce l1li. JIZZ iii-
,. .. dImoo ..... iii IIiIInI ~ 
......... ~ ... Grm ...... 

WIdI"".~1I 
'11 a.m.·12p.m.-An ......... ar 
....... riding ..... oIpeap1t 
............... pI'OIIidId. 
RMllFiIIIl 
• 12 p.m. - 'YCUIII • HIIII'. a 
dioIuIoI ............... 
.... PIIIarm. AMII PIIra. 
'TluIdIr. ~ 10 
• 11:30 am. - The en. Com-
paiDnI. "'*" 8IIiII .... .. 
..... In....,..,. .. ...... 
_1IIIr ........ a.L 
• 11:30 LIIL·1 p.m. - The UC8D 
....... c..r ........... tar 
DllltllllrAw._ ... ...... 
......... ~ ..... QaI 
T .... ~ ...... ...... 
........... and ... • 
1IIIanI_'1 2' iIeJIItJ*IwM-

~Aat 2 S 71 ....... be 

Monday, 0cI0bcr 7,1991 

...... 111 ...... and IacUIr who 

.-nd. . 
• 12 p.m. -The.,.,.. ~ Two 
""'OIII ....... .".,....GI 
nuIc irwoMng a ~ conti-
1IIIon0l-.1lld1lgn1lnpgl. 
.... c:.1 
• 1-2 p.m. - lMIai IotIWIMI .. 
....... CIIIIIII i .. " .... 1 ~ 
ing IUCIC8ICIng •• pIIIDIi wit! a 
dIIIbIIIy in .. WtIIIII faa. ~ 
Ionat c..r I..oqe. 
Friday. 0c:mbIr 11 
• 12 p.m. - LGBA·. UiCII on .. 

~"oeIItnat NaDiaI Coning 
Out Day. Everyone is wtIcome. 
Come OIA and show ~ II4JIlDI1I 
cal S34-GA YS for more inIorma-
tion. . 
, 12 p.m. - LGBA'. lilt and open 
nike tof NaIionII Coning Out Day. 
Come OIA and show ~ ~. 
FormortiDmiloncal534-GAYS. 
Gym ...... 
.'2:45-2:45 p.m. - A ~ fIIr 
.. be hIId ,.. .. IW'" 1IIhnCe. 
• 1:30-2:30 p.rn. - A wheelchair 
bIIIIIIlII exIibiIon wi oc:cu 110m 
........ Gym. 
s..dIy, 0cIDba 12 
·9p.m.·1 a.m.-LGBA' ......... 
dInce 10 CIIIbrIiII NaIIonII Coning 
Out Day. E*YOII8 " WIIcome. 
Come OIA and show ycu ~ 
cal S34-GA VS lor IIiDII norm. 
lion. ChI ea.. F ... 

DIICUSSIONS 

......,. 0c:mbIr 7 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - lJnUt DIpIrI-

1Ii8IC~1or"""'9.iIIran 
n.;n on .. tope 01 'GracUII 
Sc:hooI in ?IarIt.n: ,... IDr 

~1or~'T1Iis 
wi be a paIIII ciIcuIIIon willi pro-
teaaors and pUle sUIInIa 01-
Iering advice and inIIIttJs _ the 
pkIaItadloolacm.ionlpi0C:8. 
LIT 3155 (ilsllIoor). FI1I8. 

Friday, ~11 
• 11;30 a.m.·1 p.rn. - A panel cis-
0JSSi0n (Doug Mrii, S03-SIM C0-
ordinator, UCLA; Cynt1ia Jones, 
Mainstteam Magazine; and Kim 
Bar1IeU. Ph.D" Oiedor, Cormui1y 
Service CenIer tof the Disabled and 

• AnIhony Araneta. COIIIty 04 ' San 
Diego Employment ~ties 
Specialist) on the ibIy eftacts of the 
Americans wti1 Disabiities Act on 
~ issues. Matthews Con-
ference Room '1'·A, 

RElIGIOUS FUNCTIONS 

Tuesday. Odober 8 
·12 p.m. - Bible study of 01.0 and 
NEW TESTAMENT in the Book of 
Acts. Price CenIIr, SinIa Barbara 
Am. 
WecDsdIy, ~9 
·6 p.m.- HIIVY ..... wei 
ted ~ the t..dIwIn CormuiIy II 
UCSO, Come • bring a friend. 
UnMIIiIy liMiaan Qudi (ICIOII 
.. .... fnIm FIMII CoIIgI). 
'7 p.m. - The Dhi!II DJ.na - a 
... .IPPftIICI\1II IIiPIIt IlIIr - " ~~ .......... ,. 
NonII,onPIIIIIIGllIAnnc.,... 
.... ·n..WIIIitf ........ 
open Ie ... lWwaIIIr LuhrIn 
CIudi ( ...... IIrIII tram 
FIMII CaiIgI). 
SIUdIp. 0cIDba 12 
'1:15 a.m. -1tcIw III find ,... 
and JlJt In Yu HICIc LJe' is .. 
... aI.--, ......... 

1OIIIIbr~~QudI. 
WlIIM ... c:tudipMllriglal 
.1:15 a.m.. ...... 3:30,... Cal 4DG5I1 IDr ,_ ....... fIIIIr. 
...... IncUI?ng UicII .. 510. 
~~aua. .. 
...... 1Iam RMII Co?IIIII. 
1UIdIr. 0c:mbIr 13 
•• 8JIL & 10 &IlL - EPapII 

CIIuItcII CII2I?IoIloll aI ~ 
Good s..tIIn a.... Q21 
fIaIgIiII .... "ca.-). 
·1ct15 ... - ......... 
"",.GIII.., .. ~ II 
UCSO. J. ...... 1Wtad •• 
....... Ewl!nil ...... 1» 

...,~aua. .. .. 

.... _AMI2I~ 

Monday, October 7, 1991 

w. V-BALL 
ContInued from .... 24 
at Ihe hands of Division I and 0 
opponentS. 

Saturday nighl was the second 
amual ''Tie-Dye Night" - you 
know, lhe nighl where "Friend of 

' the Devil" by Ihe Grateful Dead is 
sung in place of the I1Ilional an-
them. Dannevik was hopinglhe fes-
live atmosphere would provide the 
Tritons with the necessary impira-
lion to knock off 15UJ-ranked 
(bapman. 

UCSD came out swinging in the 
filS! set. recording 23 total kills and 
downing the Panthers 15-13. 

But the tables weren 'I just turned 
dntslically in the second game. they 
were flipped righl on top of the 
Tritons. UCSD found itself down 
I ().() before the Tritons even knew 
what had hit them. Despite numer-
OIlS time outs and anempts to quell 
the Chapman onslaught, UCSD 
dropped Ihe next two games 15-3, 
15-6. 

The Tritons showed some life in 
the founh game,jumping quickly to 
a 9-1 lead. 

But perhaps responding a Pittle 
too lilerally to the band's version of 
"Jump."UCSDeffectivelycommil-
ted suicide as Chapman rolled off 
140fthe last 15 points to close oul 
the match . 

After the game, Dannevik ges-
tured to the court and said, "That 
was awful - just awful." Why? 
"Well. tonight we came OUI a bit 
tentative. and I really .don't know 
why. The team has been practicing 
really hard, but righl now our prob-
lem is we don't have a person we 
can go to to get Ihe key points." 

The loss marked the second slug-
gishpClfOltlllmCCinarowforUCSD. 
On Friday. against 12lh-ranked Cal 
Poly Pomona. the Tritons hit an-
other roadblock. They were out of 
sync all evening and fell 15-5,9-1 S. 
15-7, 15-13 despite Vikki Van 
Duyne's 15 kills. 

UCSD was clearly not up to par. 
One readily apparent problem was 
lhat the Tritons gave up points in 
large chunks to Pomona. ''The team 
played much too defensive, and it 
didn'l seem like they could convert 
the key points," Dannevik said. It 
didn't help the Tritons chances that 
the Broncos had a member of the 
Japanese national team playing for 
them. 

w. POLO 
ContInued fnIm .... 23 
call and the over-aggressiveness of 
USC. smugly asked tfle officials 
and the fans in auendance to "Keep 
911 on alert." 

''Thatcalldefinire1y hurt,"Harper 
said. "We thought we had a chance 
to tie and then !hal happens. .. 

A USC lob shot into the top right 
comer over Bruce put the game QUI 
of reach for the Tritons as time 
expired. 

Despite the loss, Halperis plead 
with his team's performance thus 
far this season. "We'~ playing the 
best water polo we have this year," 
he said. 

In other water polo action this 
weekend, the Tritons knocked off 
II dJ..rankcdAir Forte 8-7 on SIM-
day II the a.mno.. Col. Tour-
Il8I1lCD. The win helped 10 ~ 
lish the Tritonlalhetopteam in the 
Western Wiler Polo Associadon. 
Last year, the Falcons be8I UCSDto 
pmoenIlhe TritonI· 1hinI c0nsecu-
tive WWPAtide. UCSDaIIomoved 
past Brown 11-6 .. die 0aran0nI 
10WIIMICIIt. 

The UCSD Guardian 

'VONS -PHARMACY 
Special Discount 

For UCSD Students 
on All ' Prescriptions 

• $2 OFf prescription price with UCSD 10 
• Fast service 
• Insurance billing 
• Open 7 days a week 
• Grocery shop while your prescription 

is being filled 
• Offer expires January I, 1992 .... _---' 

VONS 
7788 REGENTS ROAD 

455-6340 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 
special creative project! U$ GRANTS funds 
projects for all majors. If you have any questions, 
call us at 534,3917 or stop by our office (third 
floor of the Price Center. room 305. 

,\ .' • . t;. ~ /': '-. 
r ( • 1 ',I /\'. 

r \. , r ., , 1 ~ -1, \' 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC 

GRANTS 

SPORTS 17 

' liSUSPENSION . Brakes I. . Struts 
1_ PLUS . Front Ends 
,. SPECIALTY CENTERS' Al ignments 

~-----T-----T-----' FOUR WHEEL Computerized Fronl End I ' I Front End I Alignment I 
I BRAKE I Alignment I FronlWheel I 
I SPECIAL I $249~<4te ... I ~a:: I 
I $6995 I ~':.--==. I Bearings I I I AIk:':::_ I $4495 I 
I "'''.Ie.... I (T~""I I ~.IjlpICII>ItIStll ... r. I I 2.ThoulllldllleWlnanly L Expitws IMI"1 ~_cn, Expitws IMI"1 I Replice front pads and rear _ _ _ _ _ _ ___ .." 
I Iinftg • RISU~ace rOlot'S, I 011 ChalVlA SNW'lal Strut Package I 

ci\rns, bleed & adjUSI SV1I8f1l. ..... I""W I MelaItlC padS PIta. I $995 I Special I 
L E.tpns IM."I . I Go w1tkt~ .. ..... $IOU5 I ______ n:u.:oI.lubt. tddS500b' 5uf":rS.rutj ltlw~ 1151." ~V_IiOO(_""1 I lJI_ WIfIlflY I Front End I EJtpns IMI.tI _CIlI· &pores IMI"I I 
I Alignment f'Fr;'t W'h:i Driv:-i'Mo;'oe p:rf7rm':c:l 
I $1495 I Service Special I Gas Shocks I 
I _an j ...... "11'4 "") I $6995 I $1 Q95«><11 I 
L E.<ptlSlo.21"l1 .J c.v __ Aep\IcomtnI.2nd I _uS. ~Io<"'V"c.-~ I 

- - - - - tIOOtOftIamt ..... lr2ptQ! If'llta.'lllIOnlvadabie 

L _ .. ,.. EJp,rI$IMI"ll l Erporl$lo.21"l1 .J 
• Suspension lifts - - - - - - -
• Body lI«s & lowerings available ! ¥I!] 
Miramar Auto Center Winston Square 
6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 3112 Midway Dr. #0 

558·8562 223 .. 2248 

Call now for your FREE Diagnostic test 
and consultation: 

587-8600 
8650 G~Msrr Avr • Suilr 218· Cosla Vudt Shopping Crn/u 

QiJ@@® ~O~[3 ©[X]@~ 
[30~[3®D (;)&~@!) &©©§®@@[;JO[3® 

@@U11[;.)[b[311C3 @[3[MWlJ©[3 
~~fl [;J[3(;)&0[;J 'i]'(!D(;3[K)Q@W[3[;J 

'Fuii'Y RAl.EIGH 
• BICVC'LES 

@[;)[3@[)£11 ®OO®C300@ 
~1b©®~[3 

W§ W(3©~ @[}3@)§(;3 

@!lll&[b[b (;)&OO'i?@1) (;:>OO®Q(;:>&(;3'i]'~1) 
lM]® [;>[}3®[?[3~O®~[b [?[}3£InI§@ 

mIl 1IG{)~ ~'i]'OD®[3rn1( &irulQ 
U'J]Q!;f '\J ~ IJ ~~71® 



11 

" 

, ' 

, . 

"I"bt uem 0 ..... ......." oaa. 1,1991 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL AT UCSD 
Will have an informational booth set up in the Price Center Plaza 
on Wednesday, October 9th from 10 am - 3 pm. Please stop by if 
yod were in the group last year or if you've never been involved 
before. 

SAVE THE PLANET 
JOIN THE STUDENT ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION 
COALITION 

Meetings are every Wednesday at 7 pm in offi~ 208 on the 
second floor of the old Student Center (directly above Soft 
Reserves) 

COMKTO THE DIALOGUE 
AN INFORMAL DISCUSSION GROUP OF WOMEN AND 
MEN SHARING TOWARDS A DEEPER UNDERSTANDING 
OF FEMINIST AND HUMANIST ISSUES 

Every Monday, 4 - 6 pm 
at the Women's Resource Center 
2nd floor, Price Center, 534-2023 

WARREN BRIEFS MEETING 
Monday, October 7,7:00 pm 
Warren Commons 

COFFEE HOUR AT THE WOMEN'S RESOURCE 
CENTER 

Every Tuesday, 12 noon -2 pm 
Women's Resource Center, 
2nd Roor Price Center 

LESBIAN, GAY, BISEXUAL ASSOCIATION 
Is celebrating Na~ona1 Coming Out Day on Friday, October II, 
noon at the hump. Call 534-GA YS for more information 

UCSA PRESENTS THE ANNUAL 
WOMEN'S CONFERENCE AT UCSD 
"The Changing Faces of Feminism: 
Diversity, Commonalities, and Dialogue" 

October 25 -27 

MAJOR SPEAKERS: 
Adrienne Rich, Friday, 7:30 pm, Gr~ve 

Caffe 
Gloria Anzaldua, SundaJ, 11 am, Price 

Center Theatre ' 

27 Different Workshops 
Women and Men, undergrads and grads 

welcome 
Sign up with Alma, 534-4450 

3rd Floor of Price Center 
$5 registration 

or contact Women's Resource Center, 
23 

CO~EFORWORLDD~OCRACY 
CWD tuM SERIES 
CAmNG TIlE FlRST STONE 

Friday, October II, 7:00 pm 
Solis Hall 107 
FREE 

STUDENT 
ORGAN]ZAT]ONS!! ! 
YOU CAN PUT 

. . 

AN AD 1N HERE 
FOR FREE 

\ 

All YOU HAVE TO 00·15 TURN IN THE 
NEWSFlASHES FORMS TO THE AS. 

SECRETARY BEFORE NOON EVERY 
WEDNESDAY. AND YOURADS Will BE PUT 

ON THE MONDAY NEWSFlASHES. 
CAll 534-4450 FORMORE INFORMATION 

ORGO THE AS. OFFICES. 3RD FLOOR PRICE 
CENTER 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
'The Volunteer Connection is your volunteer source for all 

your questions and interests: a volunteer opportunity with a 
community agency, special one day events and on-going spe-
cial projects. If volunteering is something you are interested 
in, come see us! We are located on the third floor of the Price 

Center. Call us at 534-1414. 

FRIENDS UNDERSTANDING NEEDS 
is a new mentQring program for 6th graders 
making the transition to middle school You 
can make an important impact on a child's 
life with only 2 - 4 hour commitment every 
week. For more infonnati~ call 534-1414 

I. 

JIoOdq, oaobcr " 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

, 

SHOOTFO THE STARS 
BECOME THE ""-y~ ENT REGENT 

REPRESENT OVER 1 ENTS FOR ONE YEAR 
APPLI ........... ~LEAT 
1 •• iI~~~ "~&J.~R'S OFFICE 

YOUR COLLEGE DEAN'S OFFICE 
GRADUATE STUDENTS ASSOC. OFFICE 
STUDENT INFO(EDNA), PRICE CENTER 

OF MEDICINE, STUDENT AFF. AAA'!o'-

IF YOU ARE I 
REG ENT Orktrl 'i;W 

SESSION 
ARNELL, 
LEADERS 

R STUDENT 
RMATION 

REGENT, DIANA 

HANC 
FO MORE INFO, CALL 534-4083 

A.s. MEETING 
Every Wc:dneldly, 6:30 pm 
SlUdent Leadenhip Clwnben 
Price Center. Third Floor 
Everybody is welcome 

ASUCSD FILM SERIES 1991 
TRUI'II OR DARE 
Thunday. 0cI0ber 10 a16:3O, 9:00. and 11 :30 pm 
Price Center ~ 
Only $1.00 
Get your tkketl al!he Box OtrlCe 

UNTOUCHABLES 
CONCERT 

F~y, October II, 5-7 pm 
Price Center Plaza 

REOOAE FEST '91 
Palo 8anIon. HR. Ra Mk:hael " The Sons or Neaus, Dubeel, 
fealllrinl Dave Wlkclin. 
SaIunIay, October 19. 12 noon-6 pm 
Price CenIer Plaza 

woo (FALL FESTIVAL ON THE GREEN) 
PERFORMANCES, DEMONSTRATIONS, AND INFO 
nOM CAMPUS ORGANIZAnONS 
PriitaY. Ocrober 11.10 l1li-3 pm 
Sun God L:awn 

BI it. PAIlT or 11IE ASSOCIATED STVDENTS 
TIle foIJowiaI A.S. poIidonIare open: 
-DIRI!CTOR OF DEVBLOPMBNT 
eIILICTtoNs MANAGER 
To ...,ey, ., 10 die A.S. Orra, 3rd fIoar. Price Center. For IROn: 
WID ....... QI S)I..M5O 

ARE YOU ENERGETIC? 
ASSERTIVE? DEDICATED? INTERESTED IN HELPING 
OTHER STUDENTS? 

Apply 10 work for Ihe Studenl Advocate Office 
Applicalioll)l available allhe A.S. Offices, 3rd floor Price Cenler 
and are due on Thursday, Oclober 10. at 4:00 pm 
If you have any queslions, call Monica Copado. Student 
Advocale, at 534-4450 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION FINANCE BOARD 
2 Sludenls·al-Large are needed to be a part of Ihe Student 
Organizalion Finance Board 
Applicalions are due on Oclober 18 
For more infonnalion, call 534-4450 or go 10 the A.S. Offices, 
Price Cenler, 3rd Aoor 

5 College Represenlalives are also needed for Ihis Board 
For more inf~alion, contacl your colleges and apply for 
appoinunenlS 

CULTURAL PROGRAMMING BOARD 
111ere are a few openings for Ihis board also 
For more informal ion. call 534-4450 or go Ihe A.S. Offices on 
!he 3rd Aoor of Price Cenler 

, 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
OmCIALLY OPENS FOR 11fE '91·'92 SCHOOL YEAR 
Monday, Oclober 7, 9 am • 4 pm 
Price Center, 3rd Aoor, Room 3.303 
Re,ul. Office Hours: Monday - Friday,9 am - 4 pm 
Phone: 534-4689 

TRITON YEARBOOK 
Are you iIIl«eIIcd In joining Ihc 1991 - 92 TrilOll Yearbook 
Staff'] Our first medin, will be Tuesday. October 8, .. 7:30 pm in 
the UC SaIII8 Cruz I San FnncIICO Room on lhe Second Floor of 
die Price Center. For more informllion call our otrlCe al 
534-7491 

\ ' 

19 



\' 

I , 

20 CLASSIFIBDS 
.. 

ANNOU ~~C EMENTS 
STUDY AMOAD .. lUI1'RAUA. 
Information on •• mllt.r, y.ar. 
graduate. summer. and Internahip 
progI.",.1n "-th. T ownavIIIe. Sydney. 
and Melbourne. Programa atart at 
$3520. cal 1-800-871-3688. (W23-
lOll 0) 
Do you live on c:ampua? Do you want 
to meet people from other colleges? 
Come and join the Inter· College 
Residence Hal AuociatIon. MeeIIngs 
are Wedneedaya at 5 In the Muir Half 
Dome Lounge. (9I3O-10t7) 
GRAD AND TRANscER STUDENTS 
who are members of PHI GAMMA 
DELTA. Great things are going to be 
happening at UCSD. For more info 
contact Erik (ol52·2001) or Jim (481 · 
3123). (1013-10114) 
Almond Brothers and Linle Feat 
concert, Sunday, October 13, 2nd and 
5th row center. Call Nax, 483·8387. 
(10/3.10110) 
Get involved with ' UNDERGRAUND I'. 
UCSD's student· run theatre. General 
info/recruitment session and auditions 
for our next production will take place 
In PC theater, Monday, Oct. 7 al7 p.m. 
Info at 558-8992. (10/3·1017) 

The UCSD Guardian 

.. CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words U $1 for . 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for OIhers. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves ,he 
right to refuse any advertising including bur not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

Join the UCSD SalUng Team. First 
meeting: October 7th. 4 p.m. at the 
San Frandlc:olSanta Cruz Room, Price 
Center. (1017) 

c 

Bicyclists. skateboarders, roller· 
bladersl Know the ruieaand regulations 
on campus. Don1 get a citationl Pick 
up your free copy at the UCSD Police 
Department or call 534-7335 for more 
Information. (1017·10110) 
INTERNSHIPSI Increase your 
chances for post-graduate e~· 
mentl Opportunities for all majors. 
Apply now. ASIO. 534·<t689. (1017) 

Word proceasi~ng: Academic Take care of your beauty needI right 
manuscripts, papers. theses. letters, here on campus. Try Mary Kay 
resumes. Accuratelfaat service. Mary CoemetIca. 452-n!58. (1!l17·1011") 
Ann, ol52·943~. (9I23-tOll7) 
PASSPORT PICTURESII New at cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you walt 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germaine. 
452·9949. (9123-614) 
Professional tutoring, Physicsl 
Malhematk:s. aI courses. Cal for raI8S: 
R. 0ubIsch, Ph.D. (619) 271·9224. (91 
30-10114) 

WANTED 
RetaIl dolhlng saleepeopIe. All shifts 
available. Unique opportunity with fast 
growing company. Apply with 
APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE. 8250 
Camino Santa Fe .• sa. 1. San DIego 
92121 (Mirvnar area). 450-332 ... (91 
P-1215) " 
BEING FIT Is hiring experienced 
aerobic teachers for Clair.mont 

Moaday, October 7,1991 

AUEAGIC VOLUNTEERSWNlTED 
foreyedropauty. Muathave ......... 
and .... 1Ichy eyM. Paymentla "20. 
CII CIuIa III Scrfppa CInIc. 554-
2241.. (1017·10110) 
QubrIat and drummer wanted lor 
original held IOCIdng band. EquIpment 

and~narnuet 483-7587. (101 
7·10(10) 

~ jabs. Students needed to 
wortt on CIIfI1)aIgn to recb:e .... tide 
use. CorcIpretIensIw training. c... 
opportunItiee. FuIIIpart lime. Minutes 
walk f:om ~ e.m $4.50-5.SO 
per hour. Cal 0-.552-8234. (1017) 
B... player wanted. Influences: 
Husker Du. REM. Goo Goo Dolls. Buck 
Pets. Call MatI, 558-6429. (1017) 
Full or part time Administrative 
AaalatantfRecepIIonistISaI position 
available at Chosen With Care. a 
protesaionaI introduction I8IVioe for 
Jewi.h singles. For additional 
information contact 45"·1108. 
Enthusiastic person a plusl (1017) 
Adult \IOIunteers needed for study of 
the effects of R·raled movies on 
concentrllllon. Voiunteera reoeive $1 0 
for 1 hour procedure. Cal Margaret 
ChIahoIm 81721·2594. (1017) 
Indonesian language tutor needed. F .. 
negotiable. Call any time. VICky. 587· 
9414. (1017·10114) INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE NOWI 

Lambert Smith Hampton (real estate), 
Brice & ASlloclates (PR), KPBS. 
Contact ASIOI534-4689. (1017) Tuesday $1 Monster Margarita Party. 

No cover. Wednesday $1 drink night 

Mira Mesa Daycare - Nutrition 
progtam. loving home environment, 
one iuD time opening, 2 yrs. or older. 
689-0306. (9130·10110) 

location. Flexible hours. Call Lenny. POSTAl JOBS AVAILABLE! Many 
483-9294. (9123-1215) positIonI. Great benefits. Call (805) 

Chess I I am trying to form a chess No cover. Elephant Bar. 587·1993. Housesinlng. 48·year·old woman, 
club, if you're interested please phone (10n) Uc:;SD grad student. References, 

FAST FUNDRAISERI $10001Week. 
Greeka.cIubI.anyone. Nolnveslmenl 
(BOO) 748-6817 ext SO. (9I23-10114) 458-1683immediatelyandaskforPaul. ----------- responsible, call Karen. 222·1038. (91 (10m Come outl And join LGBA on the Hump 30-1 (124) 

lor lunch at 12 noon, October 11 . -----------
National Coming Out Day. 534-GAYS CZECH LESSONSI Ali levels -

PART TIME WORK. FULL TIME 
EARNINGSI8 cIff«ent opportunities. 
Free information. Send SASE to: Bob 
Schmidt. P.O, Box 711138, Santee. 
CA 92072·1138. (9.'23,10110) 

Surf Team meeting Tuesday, October 
B at 4 p.m. Berkeley Room, Price 
Center. Bring $10 for ladders. (1017) 

for more Info. (1017) grammar, conversation or reading skils 
in your major. Call Alicka. 535-8144. 
(1 013·1 017) 

UIII .... N.U ... _.,,.. Daniel Sheehan to speak Saturday, October 12 on 'The National Security 
State at a Crossroads.· 7 p.m. Marston 
Middle School, Clairemont Ave at Ute 
(1 block south of BaIloa). BCCI. Robert 
Gates nomination, October Surprise, 
INSLAW. S&L Scandal. Noriega, CIA 
tapes, Iraq - learn how they are all 
connected. $3 donation for students, 
$5 general. (1017·10110) 

FOOL 
I ~ ;r·:·] ~ 
F .... D 

RAISING SERVICES 
cr,Lll no) 1,0 '1112 ", ,0 

Olga Bart - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-46441 
226·1~. (~·1215) 

WELCOME BACK UCSD! 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh, 

cooked-to-order Mexican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LAIIDI • NO PRIIaVAnVa • CHOLUTIROL FIIU 199tl I FREE I 

I 1 1 .. " ..... 1 ~EEFTACOS.J I wi~any I 
r:7 - - - -, L COmbina~on..J 
I UCSDCOMBO· I __ = 
I ll..t laCO. chHwrncholada·1 I FR~. -, brans.OO nct. cilIpoand ~ 
I wM $2991 ". ~ :1ean~Cheeee: 
L ___ .J ~ I with any specials I 
Hours: ~r~ the ~u...J 
11 am-l rpm daily 
Dine in or take out 

~_II!tt!P. ___ ~'" 

DERMATOLOGY 
AiJoUf YoUr sw. 

Feel c;ooc:I Diseases and Surgery of the Skin 
Skin Cancer, Laser Surgery 
Facial Peels, Leg Veins 
Mole and Scar Removal 
Collagen, Cosmetic Surgery 

ALEX PETERSON. M.D. 
.oARDca...,...., ....... TOL~' 

__ LAo.-Dr ....... ',., (' __ 1011 ... _ .............. ) 

552-8842 

CONTACTS FOR LESS. INC. 
Replacement Contact Lens Sarvice. 
All low as $16 each. For orders or a 
free catalog call 1·800· 755·LENS. 
Must have contact lens prescription. 
(1013·1017) 
TypinglWord processing. Exp. $4 per 
page. My home in Univ. City. Call 
Jewell. 457·5461. (1017·10110) 
Stressed or depressed? Relationship 
problems? Learn new ways to cope; 
understand the meaning of symptoms. 
Begin to explore who you really are 
and what you really wanl Caring. 
licenaecl therapiat. on campus bus 
route. available with no waiting. 
Insuranceacoepted. Cail450-3400for 

11 FUNDRAlSERNATIONWIDE. Your 
fraternity, sorority, or other campus 
group can earn between $500-$ 1 000 
in less than 7 days. You pay absolutely 
nothing. Call: 1·800-735-20n Ext 3. 
(9123-1 (128) 
GUITAR PLAYER looking to joinlfonn 
banct Will be playing many styles but 
predominanllyhard rock. Creativity and 
desire to play originals a plus. 
Drummers, bassists, singers give me 
a call Ask for Dave. 458-0971. (9130-
10(17) 
CDs, C8II8ttea. VHS movies. TopSSS 
paid. Music Trader. 7094 Miramar Rd. 
(693-1469). (9130-1215) 

appt. Carolyn Howard. MFCC. W VIg. Baa player wanted. c.u Lee .. 450-
Prof Ctr .. 8950 Villa La JoIa Dr., St.. 9927. (9130-1017) 1200 (behind Elephant Bar, 1 blkMII _________ _ 
of 1-5). ('017) SATURDAY GIRL needed with car. 
MEDICAL SCHOOL APPUCATION Shopping. library, marketing. light 
PHOTOS. Fast. inexpensive. pro- houIework. SIeady. call 453-5726. 
fessionaI- call Adam. 566-1631 . (1 OI (1013-1 017) 
7·10(17) -HoI-... - ...... --~-~S5---to~$8---~hou--

............ per r.car. 
TYPINGIWORD fJROCESSING. 
R ... .,ch ~, thaet, dlsaert· 
allons. Faa'turnaround. F,eecampua 
pickup. Becki. 695-0231 . (1017·10117) 
Experience Mary Kay CoemetIcs. Cal 
today for your FREE facielandglamour 
makeover. 452·7956. (1 017·1 OIl") 
WORD PROCESSING. THd1eraand 
.tud.nt.. Th..... t.rm papers. 
manuacripCa, resumea. Laser printer. 
Cal CeroIIne Starr. 224-3679. (1017· 
1001) 

• You chao •• the 
• doptlng p.r..,'. 

• Your lege' ,_. 
medIC .. & ~.on., 
•• pen_ .... ybe 

~Id lorb)''''' 
IIdOPIInV perenta 

a7aLII ................ 
............ 

5528080 

phone. some expeI1ence, good ref. 
Cal 259-8731. (] 013-1 01(8) 
ReItannt, La JpIIa ~ Is ..mg 
kItchenIc:ountIr help. $5-7 per hour. 
No experience I'I«II'ary. Flexible 
hours. KeYIn, ~ B038. (100-1017) 
RUGBY playing KIWIS. AUSSIES. 
BRITS. anyone with experience, why 
not play for UCSD? Cal SlIMy. 7e2. 
4592. Recruitment me.tlng 
Wedneeday. Odober 9th II 5 p.m. 
aenc.Iey Room, Price Center. (1017) 

a-n:h Vohmteen 

STRESSED OUT? 
J'BD_Rh.tudi.~III~ 
illl JJNdIeations .... amiable to 
people IIIfIIrinI ftoom 1IIIietJ. 
8ym ..... Include WOITJiIll too 
much. blilll unable to nlu, in-
IOmnle. Itom.ch proble.e. 
-'e --. r.eaint '-. and 

clHllculty_~8uitaIIIe 
wuhan ........ ,... ....... 
ation. lab IeIU. ....,.. and 

Jl87Chlatrit~ ..... 
... .............. ,: i .c.D 

ror.~ ......... . 

lHf'd III 114-0100 

682·7555. Ext. P-3387. (1017) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
cruiIe .hipe. Students also needed 
Chrtstmaa, Spring, and Summer for 
AmJsernent Park employment. Call 
(805) 682·7555 Ext. F-3147. (1017) . 
RUGBY: We're looking for anyone with 
an interest In CONTACT SPORT. Call 
Stenny for information. 792-4592. 
Recruitment meeting Wednesday, 
October 9th at 5 p.m. Berkeley Room, 
Price Center. (1017) 

FOR SALE 
Printer: Panaaonic KX·Pll80 9 pin 
dot matrix. 1 year old. $75 firm. Call 

~.~~. (9f.23·1CV10) 
Need an Inexpensive, dependable 
computer? Guaranteed. recycled IBM 
systems from $395. Ecology Pea. 
481-6411 . (9I23-10110) 
ANYTIME COMPUTER. geared to 
students. 5% ciIcounts. immediate 
home and office .ervlce. 12925 
Pomer8do Ref lA, Poway. 486-30671 
484-6180, See our ad for detaIIa. (91 
30-1(121) 
,. TECH - Computer Software, II 
name bIanda ... wholesale pricing. 
/-iardware. 1 ... lng, con.ultlng. 
In1JDEN:rDlSCOUNT. 515-4827. (ttl 
30-10(7) 
... TECH -~ Software, all 
name bIanda ... whol ••• pricing. 
~, leasing, COfIIUIIng. home 
delivery . Special STUDENT 
DISCOUNT. 595-4827 La Jolla and 
downlOWn. (9130-100'31) 

Futon and 4-poaIIon fnIme" Bunk 
bed $185 .......... and box-aprtng. 
brand new $75. Sofa.bed, ...,!.ad 
$215. c.n deMr. 587-0095. (9130-
10(10) 

NO MONEY" 
NO EXPERIENCE? 
NO PROBLEM~ 

w. need brIFI. moIvaIed. 
outgoing atudenIa to join our 
caIIng staftt 

• FIexIIIe acheduIing 
• Exc.lent training prvvIded 
• ".00 per hour + bonus 
• 'SMrpen oommunIcetIon 
aIdIa 

For more Info cal .... 

II The P«ifjc Group 
MIl c.nn Del RIo NorII, 
..... 

8M~. CA 11101 

Monday, October 7,1991 

Compaq Deskpro 8MHz 640K 
computer. amber monitor. new 30MB 
hard disk. 360K floppy , 12008 modem 
and software. $5SO abo. 455-7421. 
(1013-1 017) 

Compac1 refrigerator. Used only 8 
months. Works great I $70 abo. Call 
552-0315. (1013·1017) 
For sale: Ibanez Ex·series guitar, jet 
black. Fender H.O.T. amp. Hardly 
used, mint conditIOn. Soft case and 
stand included. Paid $600 plus tax. 
Asking $500 .abo. Call Steve. 558· 
7367. (1013-10110) 
Smau wood desk for sale. Good 
condition. Greatforstudylng. $25. 558-
8917. (1013-10t7) 
Guitars: Acoustic steel string, perfect 
$85; 12·string.sprucetop, noscralches 
$155. ol52·2085. (1013-10110) 
'86 Honda E~te 150 good condition, 
great for school use. $700. 481·2337. 
(1 013·1 OIl 0) 
Minolta X370n camera body. N_ in 
January, excellent condition. All 
manual. $lSO. Call Amy. 546-8640. 
(1013·10114) 
Bunnies for sale. Adorable, baby pet 
Flemish Giant bunnies. $25 cash. 459-
6795. (1013·10114) 
FUTON - Twin size includes frame 
and ugly mattress (that's what sheets 
are for). $49. 546·1766. (10/3·10110) 
Ford Escort Pony. 1988 112, 4-speed. 
AAWMICass. 25.600 miles, excellent 
condition. AskIng $3900. 586·7324. 
(1 013-1 017) 
SEIZED CARS. trucks. boats, 4· 
wheelers, motDrhomes. by FBI, IRS, 
DEA. Available In your area now. Call 
(805) 682·7555 Ext. C·1199. (1017) 
REPOSSESSED & IRS FORE· 
CLOSED HOMES available at below 
INIIUt value. FantaatIc savingli You 
repair. AI80 Sll bailout ploperties. 
Cal (805) 682~7555 Ext. H·1443. (101 
7) 
CoqIIIct dorc1HIaf:ldge (3 mas. old) 
- $85; queen-eize rnaItreIa (6 1TlOI. 
old) - $15; will dIIIv8f, cal ArttJy or 
Kenny. 291-827 ... (1017) 

New and colorful box spring and 
mattress. $70 abo. Joseph at 453· 
5826. Attar 7 p.m. (1017·10114) 

FREE couch to first person to pick it 
up. Call Michelle, 481-0592. (1017·101 
10) 
Women's Schwinn 1O-speed bicycle. 
'World Sport' excellent 00I1CItIon. Good 
tires. $110. 450-6935. Available now . 
(1017) 

Microwave. n_, $80, refrigerator, 22 
cu. ft., $15Q, Toshiba VCR, very 1\fIW, 
$200. desk. $40. 549-9488. (1017) , 

Bunk bed comer unit with nightstand, 
$150 abo. Rick. "57·9660. (1017) 

. 

One-way ticket through San Franciaco 
toSIocIdon. 7:30p.m. Dec. 14th (WInter 
break) $551 Call Jeannine, 453 .... 923. 
(1017-10121) 
7' Gordon and SmIth mini·long wi trio 
fin. 1 year old. $225 abo. Steve, 558-
3007. (1017·10110) 

Forsaie-2 Realistic PA·95 speakers. 
Woofer. midrange and tweeter. 1SOW 
capacity. Greatfordorms. WiH work for 
any kind of stereo. NEED RENT $ 
FASTI $200 for both abo. 534-4735, 
ask for Jorge. (1 013-1 017) 

HOUSING 
Room available in spacious 1700 sq It 
townhouse. less than 1 mile from 
campus. pool. fireplace, reserved 
parlling. Nonsmokers please. $3601 
month plus 1/4 utilities. Please call 
John or Tom. 296·1386. (9123·10110) 
FREE ROOM near UTC for easy going 
non·smoking female without pets. 
Brian. 455-1212. (9123-1017) 
Spacious master tMildroom with private 
bath 10 minutes from campus In nice 
complex with pool. spas, and laundry. 
$380/month plus 1/2 utilities. No 
smoking. nodrugs, no pets. Call Aaron 
at 578-4742. (9130-1017) 

Master bedroom in La Jolla Colony 
condoavaiIableIMMEDIATELYfor2W 
2F. Private balcony, large walk·in 
closet, bath/shower. Rent includes: 
AlL FURNISHINGS, All UTILITIES. 
private garage, VCR, cable TV, 
washerldryer, pooI/spa. refrigerator. 
microwave. $35OIperson. Call 587· 
01 "3. leave message. (1013-10114) . 

Master bedroom for rent In Clalremont 
house. $2451month plus 114 utilities. 
Fireplace. frontlbadt yards. washerl 
dryer, etc. Steve or Karen. 541·2073 
or 546-9505. (1013-1017) 

Master bedroom In Clalremont house. 
$2451month plus 1/4 utIItIes. ArepIac8. 
waahefidryer. trontIback yards. Near 
UCSD campus. Sharon, 632·5640. 
(1017·10131) 

Roommate wanted: own room and 
bath. Pool. jacuzzi. carport. waIk·in 
closet. shared spacelumished. Clean. 
responsible. non'smoking female 
wanted. $4OOImo plus 112 uti~ties plus 
security deposit. Available now. 
URGENTI Call 458-9389. (1017·101 
10) 

----------- . Great room available immediately 
1987 Honda ENte 80 Scooter. Fun. 
economical transportation. $600 000. 
Daytime: 552·3086. evenings: 272· 
~. (1 Of7·10114) 

close to campus, kitchen privileges, 
furnished, washerldryer, pool. $50 
deposit. $3751month. 450·6935. (101 
7·10110) 

GlAtS 
UCSDNIGHTS 

are DOW also on 
MONDAYS 

Party on our patio (wtth Monday Night FootbaW 

PITCHERS 
$300 Domestic $400 Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$500 12-lDch $700 14-lDch 

11l1li_ UOIIlID 

GIA'S ItIIIIa IteIhanat 792·7521145 So. HWIj 101 
SOLA.'A BEACH 

The UCSD Guardian 

Room for rent. North Cialremont. $295 
plus 1/4 uti5ties plus deposit. Call 453· 
2615. No pets. (1017) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost cal Blacklwhite male. White stripe 
across back of neck. Please call 453· 
1135 any time. (9130-1017) 

Lost : gold bracelet with diff. colored 
birth stones. If found please cal 792· 
8840. Sentimental value. (1013-1017) 

PERSONALS 
Hey trlalhletes or anyone interested In 
cross-training. A tri-club is starting. 
call M8I1<. 558·1773. (10/3·1017) 

Latin America group advising session I 
EAP/OAP info and applications. 
Wednesday, October 9, 1 :30·3. 
International Center Conference 
Room. (10f7) 

Do the right thing - tutorl Sberman 
Elementary tutorial (5th and 6th 
graders) naed good tutors. Sign-up at 
the Revelle Provost Office by October 
7. Requires one hour per week. (10/3· 
1017) 

Laure Dunber - I lost your phone 
number. Please call me at 569-0430. 
Youratruty, Tony. (1013· fOn) 

TEMPORARY TATIOOS. Assorted 
tattoos for Halloween. Look like reall 
Last for days I Waterproof! Non·toKicl 
To order, send SASE to Tom Bahr, 
2737 La Salle, Mt. View, CA. 94040. 
(1013·10/14) 
If you halle something to say, say it in 
the Guardian personals and let 
somebody hear youl (1 On) 
Japan EAPIOAP group advising 
session I Applications, info. Thursday, 
October 10 1 :30-3 p.m., International 
Center Conference Room. (1017) 

HAZEL - I can't believe this . 
Innermostfeelngs in the school paper! 
If anyone flnda out. we're dead meat. 
Poultry night was intense. You're 
Intense. Same bat time OK? P.S. buy 
a fargin phone. Love, S. guy. Hear 
that? We're usin' code names. (1017) 

UK/IRELAND EAP/OAP group 
advising sessIonl ApplIcations. Info. 
Tuesday. October B. 1 :30·3 p.m. 
International Center Conference 
Room. (10f7) 

HOLD OUT FOR THE BEST. Beta 
Theta Pi fraternity will hold its inaugural 
founding father rush starting Oct. 14. 
Help start a national tradition. H will be 
well worth your wait. (1017·10114) 

With or without experience. you too 
can be a writerforthe Guardian. Come 
by the office, on the 2nd floor In the 
Old Stud~nt Center. and talk to an 
editor 10 see what it's all aboutl (1017) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

ITCHY EYES??? 
If you are experlendng red and Itchy eyes. from allergies, 
you may be eligible to participate in a dinlcal research study 
using a currently marketed drug. You must be between the 
ages of 18 and 65 and be in good general health. 

$135 nlWKi&I Compenwdon (for complete .,.n:Id.,.tlon) 
is provided upon successful completion of the study. If you 
are interested in finding out whether you are qualified to be 
a part of the. study. 

Call 436-3988 (ask for Janet or Dianna) 
Warren w. Pleskow, MD, Asthma and Treatment Research Association 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• You Can Sleep Thru It All 
• $50 UCSD Student Discount* 
• Close to Campus with Free Parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 
• Wilh SI. <i<m 10 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN, DDS CAL L , Diplomate, American Board of 459-5565 Oral and MaKiliofacial Surgery 
470 Nautilus Street, Suile 212 , La Jolla 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
GIERMAN. SWEDISH • JAPANESE SERVICE 
AIt Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
V/-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(f' I 0) .) ... II')') ) .J .. t .)- .) .. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

•• a 
K8nda11 
MOIaIGa 

•• _ .... pee , •• 
K_O u. .. _ .. 

.. _rn-..en 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

fl1 AND STILL CLIMBING 

RECORD BREAKING SERIES 
CONTINUES AT ... . 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 .... A_. 
SIIfl Diego. CA 92117 

romer of Balboa & 
Clairemont Dr., next to 

Lucky Market 
(819)48304853 

87M No. Iroedwar 
Escondido, CA 92925 

Count/), Comer 
Shopping Center 

at Broadway & Washington 
(819)7450-5660 



I( 

'. 

11 SPOIlTS The UCSD Guardim 

. THE WEEK IN SPORTS 

SEASON RECORDS NOTES 

... WOMEN'S SOCCER 
,.. 7 -O-1/next game today against Claremont 
... WOMEN'S VOLI.EYBAU. • . 
,.. 144/lost two ~ to Division II opponents 
... MEN'S WATER POLO 
,.. l1.ojbeat No. 11 Air Force, lost to No. 6 USC 

UPCOMING EVENTS 

INTERCOLLEGIATE 5POR1S 
DIU EwM TlInt 

Oct. 7 W. Soccer v. Claremont 3:00 p.m. 
Oct. 9 M. Soccer v. The Master's 3:30 .m. 

W. Volleyball v. UC Riverside 7:00 p.m. 
Oct. 12 Water Polo at UCLA Bruin Cup AllDay 

W. Volleyball v. 
U. of Pennsylvania at Pomona 2:00p.m. 
W. VoIie)t>a1l at Cal Poly Pomona '"7:00 p.m. 

Oct. 13 M. Soccer v. St. Mary's (MN) 1:00 p.m. 
Fencing: UCSD Bladerunner 

Oct. 14 

Oct. 16 
7:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 

Oct. 18 Fencing: USFA Junior Circuit Meet 
at Palo Alto All Day 

Oct. 19 Fencing: USFA Junior Circuit Meet 
at Palo Alto All Day 
Cross Country at Cal Poly SlO Invite 8:30 a.m. 
W. Soccer v. CSU San Bernardino 3:00 p.m. 
W. Volleyball v. 
CSU Domi'lluez Hills 7:00 p.m. 
Swimmi'll and Divi'll v. Fresno St. Noon 

Oct. 20 Water Polo v. UC Irvine Noon 
M. Soccer at Claremont 1:00 p.m. 
Fenci'll: USFA Junior Circuit Meet 
at Palo Alto All Day 

Oct. 21 M: Soccer v. Biola 3:30 p.m. 
Oct. 22 W. Volleyball at Point loma 7:30 p.m. 
Oct. 23 M. Soccer at UC Irvine 3:00 p.m. 
Oct. 24 Water Polo v. Chaminade 3:30 p.m. 

Sf .'Tf ":f)f'l :~O ,)1, ,uh· ',:.; 

D.l McOowIWGun.I 
Defender Jeff Gagnon evades a Falcon. UCSD won 3-0. 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 

.... TI 
c.""'_d.UCSO tn'~. ~7. ~11 
~d.UC$II11I5.1Sl~~1D 

lOX ICCIIEI uc .. __ 
IP I [lAPel' A DIGS IIOOIS 

r _ _ 4 l 1 9m lJf 0 
_ _ 4 U 2 ]1.lOl 112 ] 
_ .4 ~ 3 111 .125 0 13 1 
_ _ 4 ] ] 14.000 O' 3 
1'10.4 151 311m 5 2 , 
1 .. _ 4 7223.217 03 • 
-. _ 3 1 1 , .000 0 a 0 
""",_ 3 0 0 3 .000 O' 0 
_ _ 4 0 4 • • LOOO O' 0 
a... _2 0 0 1 .000 0 1 0 
,. 1_ ~ 2l1S1.146 3811 19 

CII"","'-
" K [ IA Pel' A DIGS IIlOCXS 

____ 4 4 1 a m 121' 3 
....... . 2 3 I • .333 0 2 5 1.,... .• 214.:1500' 0 
, _ .. III I .. .. 0 15 5 
JrioooIIj 4 • 2 11.231 I' I 
£&IIR -- ' 92 ISJIK) 220 1 
OD _ 3 5 110 .400 00 • 
... __ 3 2 I I .125 1 1 3 
_ ._ 3 I 1 1 .000 1] ] 
lin! _ 2 2 ~ , ,333 0 1 0 
1lftI __ l 0 00 .000 0 1 0 
,_ ,_ SZ 21 m .1II 31 7' Z5 

c.,.,., ~ t ., IS 
UC$II 5 ~7 11 

uc .. .,... 
" K ! lA Pel' A DIGS I.OCIG r _ _ .• • 0 ~ .571 441 5 

_ _ 4 1 0 4 J50 0 10 0 
_ _ 4 ~ 4 25 .DID 1 11 2 
_.~ 13 3 37 .lOl ° 20 1 
V .... l0l26 .U. 1 1 
I .. _ 3 10 4 28.214 0 a 9 

_ _ I 
, 3 14.21A o 3 2 

""",, _ I 0 o 5 .000 I • 0 _ _ 4 
~ 2 IS JOG 1 4 2 

a... . 2 1 1 a .000 o 2 1 _ _ 2 
1 1 3 .000 o 1 ~ _ _ I 
t o 1 .000 o 0 0 

,.,tIII! ~1 2117l.311 ~1I1 :15 
CII...-

" K [ '" Pel' A oa IlDCICS ,",, _ 4 0 o 0 .000 o J 0 _ _ 4 
2 07.l1S 104 3 

_ __ 4 

• I 1t .1n o 7 1 
...... _ 4 7 o 24.lt2 o • 2 _ _ 4 

20 1 37 .~tl o • 3 
"'"'" _.4 " 3 40 .• o 1 ID 
,-* _ 1 1 o 2 .5GO o 3 0 
_4 4 1 12.215 o 1 2 _ _ 4 

000.000 o • 0 
_,till! 51 • I5UI1 IOlt Z1 
a.- Il 15 ~ IS 
I.CSO ~ 3 , 10 

WATER POLO 
............ 

--
." ...... 
L Col. tOO; 2.1411_'" It 1 UCIUO: 4. UC 
__ ~ ....... 71: I. usc. 77: 1. -. 
7O:1.-.t4;l_ .... ID.UC ... 
_5I.~_ll.ucs._ .. 

-
usc 10 ucsoa 
__ c..,1-

-,-~c;.. 
UCSOI Al'feQ 1 UCSOU _. 

Monday, October 7, 1991 

IN THE AI EACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

"I don't know If dodge ball Is such • 
good Idea, Andy," 

CROSS COUNTRY 
..... _ .. C-c..r 
"' ..... 
." ...... 

-- -
L 

-
159 

1 
-'0- m 

1 ... 0.....- III 
4. _OIIWII 135 
5. 
__ 74d11011e 1211 

I. C*I U, 
I. -.... ... U1 
I. 0..... t02 
9. 
-

_ ..... 

IDO 
10. 

-

81 
1L 

-

71 
.-- 81 

a __ 
III 

14. 
-.--

51 
u. 

-

13 
II. K .... II 
11. 

-c.., . J) 
\I. ..... IaiIo :15 
It. 
_ .. 

22 
21. 
-........ 

211 

....... _ .• c-c..r 
"' ..... 
." ...... 

-- -
L • zI 0-. ~7 2. __ I5S 

1 -'0- 140 
4. ~ 131 
5. ..... 121 
I. C*I 107 
7. _zl ... _ • I. _ • 
I. ... II 
10. ..... 71 

--D. ..... " 
RBU.TI 

...... -

---.-,-

--
1 ..... '-t4; 1--' ICII: 1 UC ... 

_u.;4.-.U5:5.CIU_15!:1. 
UCS._.7. CSV ...... Z1t:I._ 
.... 9. csu --.a: 10. III 0IIII 
" .m. 
-

L ... _1OtI-l4;51; 2. __ "-" 
:I5.1JI; 1 SIoIII V\iIO tcMt. Z5:I3: 4. ...... 
~25:U: 5. ... ~"-":15:27; I. .... 
_ ...... 25:3Z; 7. --tcUI. 
a.: I.. -IUCIII. a.: 1."'_ ilia 

I.e.~25>IZ; 10.. _ M 25;03. 
_ ..... 21. s. ....... aG2: 31. 
__ ~al3:""'_ 

IUCSII. a24; '1 .... MliUCSIII. a31: U .... 
,. .... 3I:G. 

-.. .... 
---.-,-
--

lC1U_ .. 2. ..... '-I45;lUC 
__ 1A5;4.-'~7; 5."'_.17I; 
, __ Ill; 7. 01lIo .... 112: I. CSV 
---. m: t. a.." .. m 10. lit SIII_ 
a 

-

1 __ tcUl.II:!I;2. ___ 

iCSII\. Wlt.1_ ..... (CIUQ. WI; 4. 
. -~A W1:5.IUII..-P'II. 

ta23; ,_ ... (till!. \Uk I. c.tt lIiI 
ICIUII. taa I. ,., lllillCUl.ltl1: .. LiII 
.. ~ 11:32: ID..,.,.. _~ 11:32. 

_ ..... aflh_iUCSlll._4 
_ llllllUCSOI. taZ1; lQ. "- _IUCIDI. 
1M" '-rOoltiUCSlll.1t: ... ___ 
iUCSIII. ... 

MEN'S SOCCER 

UC3Dl_~O 

0" ,,":::ov !!hing~ comet!~~d"'P"tf y 'GU Just eall'. 
YOllr dry cleaning. Pick lip live ".'-"ft ' 
groceries. On your b.lnking. Your ""j ~ Q 
dieting. Your art framing . And I ••• 
never move your cnr. ..,~ 

If you 're hungry for an ,11l-YOll -
can-tc>at trcat, come to the Soup 
he ....... Pick Mehnahl'. with 
plily lilnd to keep everyone in the 
family h"ppy. To s.,tisfy yom 
crilving for " good book, shop COSTA VERDE 
1 .. Ic.ta,. Looking for 0 goo~i 
buy? Th.· .... '. W .. ,hou •• will 
~ lI i t vou fine . And 011 the comfort!'> 
of hl; me, are wilitil1K i'lt Pi., I 
I" ,o,t •. 

For all tho~ everyday things 
thilt lISll"lly t.,ke to trips, take il 
~hllrtcllt insttc>.ld . Eilsi,,'r Ji\'in~ is 

ri~ht .Hound the I.'orner. 

A t Costa Verde. 
Corner of CCnt.'SCt:' & 
Lil JolI.1 Villclge Drive. 
45R-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 

Monday, <>aobcr 7,1991 

w. POLO 
ContInued flam ..... at 
offensively Ihrouahout the second 
quaner. The Trojan defense con-
tinually pressured Ihc Tritons' at-
tack which raulted in poor passina 
and difficult shots. 

A minulC and • half into the 
period USCextendcd its lead to 4-1 
as another ball skipped under 
Warren', arm. 

It Iooted as if me Trojans were 
,oina to putlOOCherone past UCSD 
as a TrilOn foul earned USC a four-
meier shot. But Ihc shot hit Warren 
square in the head and landed at 
mid-pooI, much to the amusement 
of the UCSD crowd. 

Down by tbrcc. VanceJqislered 
his-as well as UCSD's-second 
,0.1 ollhc pme to cut the deficit to 
4-2. 

After anodIer ,oal slipped by 
Warren, UCSD capitalized on sev-
eral USC ejections. Sean Kinghorn 
and MichaeJ Nalueach smacked the 
canVIL'5 to slice Ihc Trojans'lead to 
5-4. 

UCSD Head Coach Denny 
Harper decided to make a change in 
the thirdquaneras sophomore Andy 
Bruce took over for Warren in the 
goal. At first, however, it didn't 
look as if the change was helping . 
much. 

Slowly but surely, USC length-
ened its lead. A few turnovers by 
UCSD as well as some missed shots 
and a Kevin Vance ejection let the 
Trojans extend their lead to 8-4. 

USC continued its tight pressure 
defense and continued to converge 
on the hole making it difficult for 
UCSO to get off shots. 

The Tritons closed out the third 

The UCSD GuardJan 

D.lIolcOowli'GI.wUI 
Jason Brown (rI&ht) gets mueged yesterday against USC. Head Coach 
Denny Harper complained to officials about the Trojans' physical play. 
period without scoring. and early in wanted to make it quite clear that we 
thefounhquanerit 1ookedasthough had plenty of time to win this game. 
the Trojans were ready 10 put Ihc "I kind of reinforced what we 
game away for good. had talked about at halftime and that 

Waking up from its thim period was stay within a goal or two going 
slumber. however. UCSOcameout into the founh period and you can 
for the final period looking like a pull it out." 
new team. After one more Trojan Harper's advice must have 
goal, UCSO finally went to work. worited as UCSD continued 10 fire 

Nalu powered in an outside shot off goals. Allowing Nalu to hang 
to pull within four at 9-5. After a back. UCSO managed two crucial 
USC timeout, Nalu again fired from steals, whichthey quicldy fired down 
the outside - this time hitting the the pool. The freshman powered 
top crossbar of the cage. UCSO's one in and then flipped another past 
Greg Goodrich picked up the loose a tired USC goalie to bring the score 
ball and slid one past the Trojan to within one al 9-8. 
goalie 10 pull the Tritons within ' Eight was all that the Trilons 
three. could manage, however, as rough 

Harper called a quick timeout play and a controversial call againsl 
with 3:50 left in the game to calm hole guard Man: Giulianoni gave 
his team down and let them refocus the ball back to the Trojans with 
on the game. only a minute left in the game. 

"I called the timeout jusllo settle Harper, visibly upsel with the 
everybodydown,"Harpcrsaid. "I SeeW. POLO. Page 17 

M.SOCCER 
ContInued from .... 24 
Coach Layton Shoemaker. the de-
fense exhausted his players. 

For most of the game, at least. the 
defense worited. The Tritons be-
came more cautious with up-field 
passes, keeping the ball in Ihe 
backfield, taking the muscle out of 
the offense . 

BUI Armstrong caught on. "We 
knew what we were doing wrong al 
halftime [giving too much groundl," 
Annstrong said. ''That helped me 
put the lads on the right track." 

His halftime pep talk ended with 
anemphasisonaggression. "You've 
got to take more chances." . 

It looks like they followed his 
advice. 

The Tritons proved their first 
goal wasn't just a freak event when 
they blew lhe game wide open later 
in the half. For goals number two 
and three. UCSO ran the same play. 

On the first. Man: Schnapper cut 

X-COUNTRY 
ContInued from pace 24 
of 26:02. Nathan Johnson (37th. 
26:23) and Jeff Hemandez (38th. 
26:24). Both Johnson and 
Hernandez suffered minor injuries. 
Johnson came away with a hip 
flexor. and Hernandez slrained a 
hamslring, Stanforth said. 

Steve Stuan (51st, 26:39) and 
Mark Yuen (53rd. 26:42) rounded 
OUllhe men's scoring group. 

Stanforth initially had been hop-
ing for a top five finish for the men. 
bul he said that the level of compe-
tition was up this year compared 10 

SPORTS 23 

wide with the ball and crossed at the 
last second, connecting witli Chris 
Romey: who headed it in. 

On the second, Schnapper ran a 
carbon copy of his first play. cross-
ing this lime 10 Chris Hanssen who 
duplicaled Romey's feal. He had 
just subbed in 30 seconds earlier. 
Talk about timing. 

Up to that point, Hanssen had 
been having a laugh game. missing 
some key offensive breaks. 

By far the biggest surprise of the 
aftemoon came from Schnapper 
who had two shots and two assists. 
Schnapper hasn't been seen in uni-
form for two years. Last year. he 
was in England on an Education 
Abroad program. 
. "I played a little soccer over 

there," he said. "But just on a club 
team. Nothing serious." Right. 

Asked about changes he's seen 
with the team. Schnapper said. 
"When I was a freshman. we had all 
these great individual players. 

See M. SOCCER. Page 15 

years past. 
"The men ran about 30 seconds 

a man fasterthan las! year." he said. 
The women were paced by Erin 

Adanls (28th, 19:09). YivianaReza 
(43rd. 19:21). Karen Hinkle (70th, 
19:46), Tracy Cole (75th, 19:49) 
and Kalie Jamieson (85th, 20:06). 

AccordingloStanforth,Colehas 
been bolhered by soreness in her 
lower leg all season. 

The injuries. minor as they are. 
could be a point of concem for bolh 
leams. "The big key for the rest of 
the season is that everyone stays 
healthy so lhat we can have consis-
tent training." Stanforth said . 

MEN'S VOWYBALL . BACK TO SCHOOL SPECIALS! 
• I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai II 

" 

• PRIZES FOR FIRST 
THROUGH THIRD PLACES 

• NO ENTRY FEE 

• OPEN TO UCSD STUDINrS, 
FACULTY & STAFF 

• ~N & NOVICE DIVISIONS 

IIgI!"'!P ........ 
12 noon, Friday, Oct. 11 

, SIgn .. and ...... , 
UCSD bcnatIon at Canpnvlew, 

534437 
Call 534-4037 FrfcIay, Oct 11 

..... 2pmIw ..... II .... 

..... danal .... 

tty .... 1IaIIerc . . ... 
............. 

.....1992 

~ Mltsub.ah. Is~zu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied custolJ1ers! 

inor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
1. Spark pllJ!jS Our rune up includes a lor more mINI orh8rs. II Includes: 
2. DisIriIlutor points 6. Clean & replenish aI fluid & OIllevals 10. Check I.<1dercarriage for damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check.bfal<es 11. Check cooing system & hoses 
4. Adjusttiming 8. Check clJlch 12. Road lesl 
5. Adjust dwelilNlgle 9. Check lights 

,2!~Oint M!j~.!.!e~S~~Cial l'!~~· 
2. VIIive ~rnen: 11. ~ust timilg 21. Check. & replenish aI 28. Check and recharge 

FIepIa: 12. ~ust <lweI angle "00 and oil levels banary. I necessary 
3. Valve ClN8f gasket 13. ~SI carb\Ketor 22. Check. eletricaJ syslem 29. ROIa1e tires Qf needed) 
4. Spn pfugs 14. ~ Sleering box 23. Check. lor loose or lost 30. Check. tire pressure 
5. DistritxAor points 15. Adjus air & fuel ralie mo. bolls 31. Lube door hinges 
6. Condense!s. 16. ~ust dutch 24. Check bfakes 32. Check alll'oIders 
7. AIr filter. 17. ~ust bfakes 25. Check clulch 33. Check cooling system & 
8. Oil MI.... 18. ~SI emergency bfakes 26. Check i ghlS hoses 
9. Gas filer. and 19. Check &.1 e<pOSed 27. Check I.<1dercwriage for 34. Check exhaJSlsystem 
10. Engine oil belts damages 35. Road lest 

20. Lube fron! end 

-;f«~c;;pi;;'CI~t~8h~j;b' $169 * 
Werep/acs: 

1. Tr.wnissiofT input shall seal (except 4. TlYowoot bearing Note: Hydraulic ~$ are 1101 rovered. 
Hondas 5. PilOt bearings Not lor ~WD. Fronl wheal drive eXTra. 

2. Presue plate 6. New transmission oil . 
3. CIuIcII lise 7. Road Test 

Brake Job Special $39 '(reg. $80) 
Front or,... /1IB1r8 job i7dudes: 

1. !nIIII1fIIICiaI new pads or install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed 8f1tire blake system 
2. Drain old ... IIuod 6. Adjust Irom Of ctums) ;r,d rear shoes 
3. 1n1pec1 compIeI8 hyIhuIic system 7. Replace non! rotor seals Crt rotor lum) 
4. RtII hyItIIIic f'Ud 8. Road Test 
NaIl; tt,ItUe '*" lit not_ 

IIraIId .......... AA aItout 0lIl' epecIai nit .. for ..... 0 . ......... 
AI_ WGIk .... . .,.., or 20 .............. . ......,. 

All ............................. . 

OUelse~ ('lOOStca!S) 'WI --~ 8008MiramarRd . • ..1990 
....... Iplill \Wl:~;"e::~=' 
•••••••• Towing and rantII car available. Monday.friday. 7:30 am-6 pm. Open ..... ....., 



2-4SPOllTS 

KEEPtG 
SCORE 

A Cursed Weekend 
With Ken Be Friends 
My DEAR CO-WORKER KEN IS wounded. Peace. Ken: I'm not going to rub it in. 

Let me make this perfectly 
clear: I'm spiteful , but not that 
spiteful. 

I'm 1I0t from San Francisco, 
and I'm flot from anywhere in the 
Bay Area. I'm from Nonhem 
Califomia, far away from the big 
citi . In the middle of nowhere. 

And I don't hate Lo Angeles. 
Well, not much. 
In fact. on days like this I 

actually feel a great pity f9r the 
city of Lo Angeles. True. I've 
exulted at some of the tragedies 
that have befallen them, but some 
ofL.A.'s failings are truly bean-
wrellching. 

Let's hit the big open sore fi rst 
- those Dodgers. A a fan of the 
(founh-place. as Wounded Ken 
reminds me) San Francisco 
Giant , I'm required to dislike the 
Dodgers. The rivalry has been 
there since the o ld day in New 
York and Brooklyn. It 's my duty 
to focus hate on that Big Dodger 
in the Sky. 

B liT TIll year, I feel for the Dodgers, in a way. They 
were overtaken by a ghost, a 
phantom - the Atlanta Braves. 
TIle Braves were picked no higher 
than founh or fifth by most 
baseball "expen :. including me. 
But they won, with proven losers 
like Terry P&ndleton suddenly 
piling up massive numbers. They 
won with naky unknowns like 
Tommy Glavine, John Smollz. 
lind Steve Avery having impres-
sive years. 

And everyone was pu11ing for 
the Br,lVes lhis year down lhe 
stretch. America likes an under-
dog. (Unless it's Olympic 
basketball, in which case they 
want u tactical nuke.) The 
Dodgers are the Big Time Team, 
the one lhat always wins. The 
Braves are local boys made good. 

I pity the Dodgers. in a way. 
They were the high-priced talent, 
the guns for hire. nle Dodgers 
spent good money on their 
pIa ers. and they got ripped off . .. 
by a team with guys like Sid 
Bream and Jim Clancy. I'd mther 
have Tom Oaney pitChing for me 
than Jim CI:mcy. 

Then, to add insult to injury, 
the team that knocks the Dodgers 
out of it has to be the hated 
Giants. (At least the Dodgers were 
in it until the end, Wounded Ken 
reminds me.) 

s o IT was Saturday afternoon, and the Dodgers were DOA. 
Who to tum to next? The UCLA 
Bruins, who were squaring off in 
football against the California 
Golden Bears. Yes. another L.A.-
Bay Area match-up: UCLA, play-
ing at home, against Cal. Cal hadn't 
bearen UCLA two years in a row for 
almoIa 40 years. Cal won by a field 

See ICORI, Pace 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 7,1991 

A Message Delivered to Messiah 

• 

I*1I1cOow1111G!1.wdan 
Defender Alex Spain battles a Messiah forward in Saturday's 3-0 win . 

Not $0 Grateful for the Dead 

JemiIet Kobky/G/wtUl 
Jul ie Harvey had six digs against 
both Chapman and Cal Poly 
Pomona, but UCSD stili fell twice. 

• Women's volleyball 
drops two in a row to 
Division IT opponents 
By Alex Buckmelter 
Guardian Reporter 

It was a weekend UCSD 
women's volleyball Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik would have liked 
to reschedule-orbener yet, forget 
entirely. 

To this point, the Tritons have 
been a team accuslomed to rolling 
over Division In schools. 

But this weekend they faced the 
. daunting task of taking on two 

ranked Divi ion Ll opponents - a 
task made all the more im~ing 
when you consider that their only 
losses before this weekend had come 

See W. V-8ALJ., Page 17 

Men Sixth, Women 10th 
At Stanford Invitational 
• Cross country 
perfonnance leaves 
Stanforth impressed 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 
and Chris Rein_ 
Associate Sports Editor 

' 'I'm real pleased," said UCSD 
cross country Head Coach Mark 
Stanfonh. And why not? After the 
men finished sixth and the women 
10th at the Stanford University In-
vitational, he f1asgood reason to be. 

The ~n acoompJished Stan-
forth's early-season goal of running 
CI05Cr toaether almost to the leaer, 
with its top five fmishers placing 
less thin 40 seconds apart. The 
women, despite spaninl a scorinl 

group with one freshman, two 
sophomores and two first-time run-
ners, placed 10th in a rather presti-
gious mcet. 

And for icing on the cake, boIh 
squads placed ahead of crosstown 
rival San Diego State. 

"We' recoming along alinle bet-
ter than last year," Stanfonh said. 

The men's leam totaled ISO, 39 
ahead of seventh-place Cal State 
Hayward. Point Lorna placed first 
with a sparkling team score of 44. 
The Triton women finishcd45 points 
ahead of SDSU, totalling 239. Cal 
State Fullenon took home first piace 
with lOS points. 

The Triton men were led by Sam 
Gwym. who finished ~ in a time 

See JC.COUNTRY, PIle 23 

• Men's soccer makes it 
four wins in a row with 
3-0 decision over 7th-
ranked Messiah (PA) 
By AItItJ Geyton 
51"" WrIter 

God didn't seem to be blessing 
the Messiah College Falcons (PA). 
After spending last Friday night at 
the airpon, the Falcons arrived lale 
Saturday afternoon only to be run 
over by an explosive Triton offense 
3-0. 

Another win. Another shutout. 
The win i the founh in a row for the 
UCSD men's soccerteam, bringing 
its record to 7-3-0 with five shut-
outs. It was a day of new faces and 
old favorites. Marc Melnik drilled 
in UCSD's first goal 10 minutes 
into the second half after a scoreless 
first half. 

Melnik's score broke the dam. 
After their meek first half, the Tri-
tons didn't so much shatter the tie 
but, more accurately, accidently 
broke it. 

Mike Gerhardt somehow passed 
the ball to Melnik through the mad 
scramble in front of the net after a 
comer kick. Gerhardt got a bloody 
nose for his effons. 

" I mi$SCd it the first couple of 
times," recalled a happy Melnik. 
"The third time I was just there." If 

QuW.., Ale Photo 
Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
you·veneverheardofMelnik.,lhat's 
no surprise. The goal was his first 
for the season, and probably his last. 

Melnik, normally on defense-, 
was shuffled 10 fill gaps in the 
midfield. He came into lhe spotlighl 
once before. TIle unknown senior 
scored the wilUling goal in the 1988 
championships as a lowly fresh-
man. 

Afterthe scoreless first half,Head 
Coach Derek Annstrong was not a 
happy man. He made a point of 
discussing his displeasure at half-
time, 

"They're not Point Lorna lads," 
Annstrong said to his players. 
'1bey ' re going to play you hard" 

And they did. The Falcon de-
fenseclamped down on the Tritons. 
But, according to Falcon Head 

See M. SOCCER, Page 23 

Marc Giulianotti looks for an open man In U~SD's 1().8loss to USC. 

Not Quite Upset Waend 
• Late rally falls short 
as sixth-ranked USC 
slides by Tritons 
ByK .. PerI~ 
Associate Sports Editor 

It was almost the weekend of 
the underdog. Atlanta finally 
knocked off the Dodgers, the 
Chargers won their first game 
and the UCSDmen' s water polo 
team was hoping 10 ove~ a 
hurdle of its own in the fonn of 
sixth-ranked USc. 

But the Trojans proved 10 be 
just • bit too much to hMdIe as 
they heldoffalateVCSDrally to 
win 10-8 yesterday at Can-
yonvlew Pool. 

DeIpiIe Ihc fKt· thII Triton 

standout Jason "Turtle" Brown 
was suffering from the flu. 
UCSD came out quickly and 
aggressively. Kevin Vance won 
the opening sprine and turned it 
into a 1-0 UCSD Ie8d just one 
minute later. 

The Tritons maintained that 
lead for only a minute, however, 
as USC quickly skipped i shot 
under goalie Michael Warren's 
ann to knot the score at I-I. The 
Trojans continued to dig in, put-
tina twO more p8SI Wamn to 
take a 3-1 lead _Ihc end of die 
r ..... "**-lbe ...... com-
ins with just 10 seconds left in 
die period. 

. UCSD COIIIinued ID IbUJIIc 
See w. PGLO, ". 23 

While an-informant for 
the DEA, Ken Erickson 

was jailed and tortured by 
Mexican Interpol. Then, 

he claims, he was 
abandoned by the 
U.S. government. 

Pag84 

Inside: 

In Fourteen Hundred and Ninety,Two./Page 2 
The War on Drugs / A&ana, Page 7 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------~--------------------------------52 SPBCrACLE 

er-. 
EXDlore 

Your OptiOns 
", .. .company Is a part oIlhe 
Johmon " Johnson family of companiel as __ as a leading 

orthodonlic ajlIlIiance 
manutactuler. When you joen 

us. you', ciscovet' elceilent 
career growth ~. and 

!he chance to Wort! with Ihe 
Iale1t technology. New. ~re 

Iftklng a seif-motlYaled 
IncIIII<IUaI ., join US In 0UIf 

san Diego. CA tacllUy. 

DRAFTER 
Relpot'llibil~ inclUde crealiog 

neal. accurate drawingS jl« 
delalled Instructions from 

EngineerS. Oesignen. or oIher 
technical personnel. IeI1Ing up 

IIIeW\ on appropriate IIl1!CJ 
vellum and creating aulClllary 

IIiew\ at alternate projecIiOf''II. 
We require a high school 

graduate Of' equivalent I ·J 
years df~ experience. and 

CIO experience. 
UGI eJCpeI1ence preferl'e<I. 

You \hoUd waitt well under 
minimal supetvblon. and wi. 
hall'e draftlng courses and an 
undef'ltandong of Geometry 
and Trlgonome~ ~Iy to 

create J.O pro tiom of 
producU Of' too.ng needed. 
In addition to a competitive 
salary. we offer a plusanl 

non-lmOkIng erwIronment and 
a WeHnell Plogram. We ~e 
you to eMpIore your opliom at 

-A-.company by sending us 
r!U' resume to: 
A·OC ..... "'. 

114'. Se,re"t. Va'ier 
s." DIep. CA .JU,. 

We are an equal opportunlry 

FamlyofC~ 
'Lead~f'lh lp ~ Compllan'~' 

MIFNIH 

PRE·LAW ~~ 
CO-ED FRATERNm'-:.c 

FALL~f} 
RUSH'91 
Phi Alpha Delta, Int'l. 
Headed for Law School? Join us! 
Weekly meetings, speakj!T'S, special 
events. Networking, crucial infor-
mation, good friend . It's yourfuture. 
For more information, contact: 

558-8681 

DO YOU HAVE? 
.. Mononucleosis 

- Measles 

- Hepatitis A 

- Chlymadia 

Ian $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for re earch and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

to $1 ()(} per week. 

Please call 
MD LAIOIATOIlIS 

226·1733 

Tbc UCSD Guardim Monday, 0cI0bcr 7, 1991 

Good .. Bye, Columbus 
E S SAY 8 Y l Y N N F RAN E Y, SEN lOR S T A FF W RITE R 

In fourteen hundred and nineIy-two, CoIwnbus sailed the ocean b.lue. II's been downhill ever sance. 
The World Book Encyclopedill 

has this to say about Columbus: 
"Columbus' voyaae 10 America 
ranks among history's most impor-
IaIIt events. hied 10 lasting contacts 
between Europe and America and 
opened new windows 10 science 
and to knowledge. To few people in 
modem history does the world as 
we know it owe $0 great a deb! as to 
Christopher Columbus." Let's look 
at two of these "lasting COIlbIClS." 

.The eltploitative conlac!: one of 
the primary results of the 
(re)discovery of the Americas was 
theexploilalionofthe NativeAmeri-
can peoples through forced labor 
and bad faith banering. Also, the 
"discovery" of the Americas fueled 
the harsh exploitation 
of Africans who 

---~ 

were brought here IS slave labor. 
-The ClttnlCtive c:oract through 

Columbus, and those who followed 
him, Europe was able 10 eltlraCt raw 
materials (such as silver, gold, and 
copper) from American soil 10 make 
possible the endless and oexpet'L'live 
European wars of the time. 

WhaI did Columbus' landing 
mean for the Native American 
peoples? For many, it meant loss of 
their lands to greedy Europeans. 
lives of servitude and forced labor 
in Europcan-owned mines, suppres-
sion of their cenlUries-old religious 
beliefs, and deadl as a result of elt-
posure to diseases introduced by the 
Europeans. 

What did Columbus' 149~voy­
age and its aftermaIh mean for the 
lands of the Americas? It meant 
eventual depletion of many of the 
forests, the pollution of the air and 

waters through the growth of 
industry and the selllc:ment 
of Europeans across the 

continentsofNonh and South 
America, and the extinc-

tion of thousands of 

Even if one were to accept lhal 
Columbus'landin, had the positive 
effect on the Americas most people 
claim it had. it is still doubtful 
whether Columbus himself was the 
altruistic expkftr he is ponrayed to 
be. Columbus' motives for his voy-
ages seem to have been a quesl for 
wealth and fame and a desire for 
acceptanCe by Ferdinand and 
Isabella of Spain, ralherlhan kinder, 
gentler consideralions of the need 
for advancing the slate of science 
and knowledge of the world. 

Also, Columbus' (re)discovery 
of the Americas was as much a 
result of the social, political and 
economic forces present in 15th 
Century Europe as it was his own 
iniliative.TheEuropeofColumbus' 
time was looking for an area into 
which it could eltpand. increase its 
wealth and feed its growing c0m-
mercial economy. If Columbus 
hadn'l made it to the islands of the 
Caribbe4n, someone else - a John 
Smith, a Pierre La Follette, a Fritz 
Gunlher-wouldhave. They would 
have claimed these lands for a Eur0-
pean power and set in motion the 
historical events in the Americas 
which wecommemoratc this month. 

Perhaps our celebration 
, I , should be accompanied by a 

wake for the ways of life and 
the pe<lpIes which have become 
shadows, outside our realm of 

knowledge, due to the European 
"discovery" of the Americas. 

SHOOTFO THE STARS 
BECOME THE ENTREGENT 

ENTS FOR ONE YEAR 
__ -..AtAlLE AT 

CSD OFFICE --=~~=='-'~'" .i.Y,;·:-,-:-., ;yi{; .. ~~~~~C~C;;O~~L~~~~~=:~~ICE 
GRADUATE STUDENTS ASSOC. OFFICE 
STUDENT INFO(EDNA), PRICE CENTER 
HOOL OF MEDICINE, STUDENT AFF. AAA'''''' 

IF YOU ARE I 
REGENT 0 

SESSION WIT 
ARNELL, WIL 
LEADERSHI ,.' ,,€ 

ALLAPPLICAT ' ;' 
CHANe L 

FO 

RESTED IN APPLYING 
~ QUESTIONS, AN I 

ECU TUDEN 

OR 'STUDENT 
FORMATION 
REGENT, DIANA 

N OC 16, ~ 12 NOON IN THE 
RS, 3RD F OR, PRICE CENTER 
DUE NO LAT HAN 5PM IN THE 

S OFFICE FRIDAY OV. 1 1991 
MORE INFO, CALL 534-4083 

Mooday, oCtober 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECf ACLE S3 

Bulking Up 
The Food Co .. op unpacks convenience 

By T RAe I POW El L, S T A f f W RITE R 

T he Student Cenler may not be La Jolla Village Square, bUI the UCSD Food Cooperative wants to I5e your regular food mad.:et 
Contrary to some students' OOlions, the 

Food Co-q>is not a place just formacrobiotic 
health nuts run by a bunch of hippies. Not 
only is it a food siore for health-conscious 
shoppers, it's a slore for shoppers with a 
conscience. 

"The Food Co-op is for the students," 
says member Jason Jones. " It's an educa-
tional experiment It should be an introduc-
lion to other cultures lhat people would not 
otherwise have. We experiment to push it as 
far as we can." _ 

In an effort to serve the needs of the 
UCSDcommunity,theFood Co-<lp is chang-
ing its focus from a convenience store to a 
more general-service grocery store. 11lc 
members want people to do their weekly 
shopping at the Co-op. This should be espe-
cially useful for on-campus residents. 

"Every freslunan living on campus goes 
to Ralph's," says member Mike Lew. "We 
provide a different service from Ralph's. 
We can't compete against them. We don't 
want to sell beer." 

Instead, Lew stresses the different kinds 
of products offered at the Food Co-op. "We 
sell natural foods. We sell products like 
shampoo and cosmetics made with no cru-
elty to animals. Unrefined products. Many 
people don '( see us as a natural foods store . . 
They come in and see bagels. I myself didn't 
know there was a natural foods store on 

campus my freshman year. " 
This switch from convenience store to 

grocery store is closely linked to another 
Food Co-<>p goal, promoting awareness of 
packaging waste. Convenience stores sell 
items almost exclusively as pre-packaged, 
while grocery stores can sell far more 
unpackaged bulk foods. 

Knowing how your food is packaged and 
the effect the production and disposal of 
lhose materials can have on the env ironment 
is one of the main goals of the C(H)p. 

"We want to provide the students with 
healthy food whose packaging does as little 
damage to the environment as possible," 
comments Co-op member Beth Busetti. 
Members encourage the use of bulk items to 
eliminate much of the plastic and other 
waste material resulting from individually 
wrapped or packaged items. 

"Bulk ischcaper, because you don't have 
topay forthe packaging," Jones says. "Pack-
aging is wasteful. It's better not. to have to 
even deal with that aspect" 

To facilitate the use of bulk items, the 
Co-op now places such products in highly 
visible areas. It has also replaced many of 
the old bins with new bulk bins to make 
them more accessible. 

Members of the Food Co-op don't like 
10 consider the store as ever having been of 
the convenience variety. "When the Co-op 
saaned, it was in Revelle Plaza," Jones says. 
"It offered the students food lhat they weren't 
able to get anywhere else on the university 
campus. Organic food." 

THE N T HAS LANDED 

, 

--....... Team and See the New Machine. 

OCTOBER 15, 1991 

Paul MaclIey/Gu.Ycfan 

Kelly Heins and Don Barkony sample the unpackaged goods at the Food Co-op. 

So while the Co-op does sell some ready-
to-eat convenience items out of necessity, 
they also stress their educational function. 
Forexample,they do sell potato chips, which 
are a traditionally convenience item - pre-
packaged,availableinevery7-Eleve(l.Chips 
found at the Food Co-op are organic, so 
that's one difference. A bigger difference is 
that, as Jones says, "You can get a bag of 
potato chips anywhere-but where else can 
you get an Ethiopian sambosa?" 

The Co-op strives to strike a balance 
between selling bulk and ready-to-eat 
foods."We've always walked a tightrope 

between the ideal and the real," Jones says. 
"We want to sell only bulk, organic foods 
with minimal environmental impact, which 
means minimal packaging. Bill wealso need 
to sell things people want to buy. 

"Ideally, we should be a vegan store. 
This would mean no milk products, because 
of problems in that industry. Thequestionis, 
how far can we push the ideal and still stay 
in business?" 

The Food Co-op is open every Monday 
through Thursday from 8 a.m.-6 p.m., Fri-
days from 8 a.m-S p.m .. and Saturdays from 
10 a.m.-4 p.m. They are closed Sundays. 

. Epic Records invites you to the funkiest bash of the year, 
featuring smoky, spooky, blues-infused guitar rock from the 

_p~ ~c:r&o .... 6 debut album, 
·Pocket Full of Kryptonite." 

So drop your books, drop your shorts, and corne get funky--
It', _.~ :.» .. O'6ca:r.6 orders ••• 

SPIN DOCTORS' LISTENING PARTY 
Tuesday, October 8, 6:30-8:p.m. 
BuU.Eye Tavern, Price Center 

Hear the debut release of their new CD ·Pocket Full of Kryptonite" and 
~, ,.,. .. rty for trw p/ZZII.nd c. ... " •• 'ngle gIVHWlly.J 

J( ~ . D T 
95.7A4 540 AM 

'IJ 
RoundTable 

Pizza 



S. Monday, October 7, 1991 

In an interview with the Guardian, Ken Erickson 
recounts what he alleges happened to him after being 

wrongfully arrested in Mexico 
By BRETT RHYNE, SPECTACLE EDITOR 

"1bey sat me on a rusty safe. Wrapped gauze 
around my head and tied my hands. Spun me 
around 20 or 30 times. 1ben they walked me 
downstairs. 1bere were four guys around me. Some 
voices were familiar - others were not. 

"1bey pulled my shin up over my head. 

' the bill,'likeinarestauranL TIley don't understand, 
they think I mean 'receipts. ' 

"An unfamiliar voice aaid, 'No, thac's not what he 
means.' He was from the U.S. I'd like to know who 
that guy was. 

"Then they're bining me with something unbe-
lievably hard- a lead pipe-abovetheear, near the 
hairline. You can't see it that way. 

One day an established customer in Erickson's 
limousine service, Danny Blocker, "came to San 
Diego all beat up, an open wound on his head.. 
needing a place to stay. 

"Blocker had been a drug dealer, but was re-
fonned," EricItson says. He agreed to help Blocker, 
accepting the fact that Blocker had gone straight. 

It soon became apparent that Blocker had broken 
his word, and was still malting his drug connections. 
"Everything I've done is now in jeopardy, because 
he used my phone. It was a heart-wrenching deci-
sion, but I went to the DEA." 

1bere, Ericltson spoke to the DEA's BeMY 
Stafford. At this point Erickson fell he had "dis-
charged [his] duty," but the DEA-remained in con-
tact with him. 

The UCSD Guardian 

into Colombia' , they told me, • you're a drug dealer ... , 
In La paz. Erickson says he turned the turbo-prop 

over to Captain Manuel Arguella. 
"He was 65, but looked 80. He was chain smok-

ing, and had two beautiful hookers with him. They 
rented him from another canel." 

By this point, the infiltration of the drug ring had 
become a large operation, handled jointly by Cus-
toms and the DBA. According to Erickson, "The 
Customs agent was Special Agent Bryon Simon and 
the DEA man was Special Age nt Doug Heben." 

When contacted, neither Simon nor Heben would 
comment on their involvement with Erickson. 

killed, and the killer had been involved with the 
Mexican police. Tipping the police would have 
blown the whole operation. 

When he arrived in Mexico City, Erickson found 
that the dealers and the plane were in Carretro. lie 
went 10 Corretro and signed some papers that would 
break the impound on the plane. 

For the next week, Erickson "toured around with 
Sixto Peralta - a big dealer." They eventually 
arrived in Mexico City. Erickson and Peralta went 
out drinking, and Peralta got drunk. He showed 
Erickson the "entire flight plan" for the smuggling 
operation. 

"I realized there was no way the U.S. could stop 
them," Erickson says. "If I wanted to, I coul4 do it 
today." 

S;>ECTACLE SS 

"Then I felt something against my chest. TIley 
were counting rib spacings to find my heart. I felt 
something like an ice pick. I thought, My God, 
,IIey're gonna run me ,IIrougll. 

"They asked me questions about my San Diego 
businesses. They didn ' t understand that my owner-
ship of cars, a plane, a house is because ofbusine 
re ponsibilities. I try to explain that I have bills to 
pay to the bank. 'La cuenra ,' I say, which means 

"1be next thing I know they were electrocuting 
me. The way how I know was, I heard myself 
screaming. I didn't decide to scream, but there it was. 
They were using a cattle prod, I think." 

In September of 1987, while wOrlc.ing as an infor-
mant for the United States Drug Enforcement Agency 
(DEA) and the U.S. Customs Depanment, Kenneth 

According to Erickson, Stafford said, "We're 
aaJly interested - we need and want your help. 
We ' re going to ask you to keep an eye on him. Report 
who he calls, who he talks to." 

Over the course of aboul three months, Erickson 
became more deeply involved wiih the organization. 
He met Gordon Brownie, who Erickson says is "the 
actual ringleader in L.A." Brownie worlc.ed through 
a cellular phone - the bills went to Erickson, who 
lhen handed them over to the DBA. With Erickson as 
their trusted inside man, lhe DEA was collecting 
information about the entire ring and its members. 

After La Paz,there was sporadic contact between 
the drug ring and Erickson for three months. In 
September, he gOl a call from Customs: "They say 
they'll pay me $7,000 to get the plane back. 1be 
special transponder had quit and they needed to 
replace it." 

Almost immediately, the U.S. agents changed the 
plan. "Customs tells me to stop pressuring the deal· 
ers," Erickson recalls. "They' ll ask me to • do some-
thing big ' in the next few days." 

Erickson told Peralta he was "go-
ing down to the disco to look for 
chicks." He went to the hotel lobby 
and told the management that he 
needed to make a special phone call. 
If it were to show up on Peralta's bill, 

"One day they stood m{! up against the wall, 
with machine guns pumped. I stood there 

eight hours and waited for death ." 

"I had paralysis of my righ t arm and leg. 
Commandante 050 beat me up to demonstrate how to 
overcome paralysis. He had two agents drag me around 
to stimulate movement. 

"They kepi me double handcuffed to a bed in the 
dormilory. One day they stood me up against the wall , 
with machine guns pumped. l slood there for eight hours 
and waited for death." 

9:00-10:00 

12:00-1 :00 

4:30-5 :~0 

5:30-6:30 

6:30-7:30 

Lee Erickson was arrested, tor-
tured and jailed for seven months 
by the Mexican branch oflnterpol. 
He says that he repeatedly at-
tempted to have the U.S. govern-
ment intercede on his behalf. For 
most of that time, the U.S. govern-
ment acted as if they did not know 
who he was. 

When Mexican President Sali-
nas vi ited UCSD, Erickson was 

Erickson's knowledge of airplanes led to an even 
deeper involvement. TIle ring had a turbo-prop plane 
in Las Vegas that they wanted refurbished and read-
ied for smuggling runs. Erickson was the logical 
candidate. 

here as well, distributing flyers The airplane was a Turbo Aero Commander, a 
about Mexico's human rights vio- combinationjet and propellor-driven plane. Erickson 
lations. Erickson spoke to the describes it as ". Cadillac. I know why drug dealers 
Guardiall in our offices. like it. A combination of power and payload." 

Erickson got the plane running and brought it to 
Erickson's involvement with a San Diego. It was put into his name - he already 

drug ring, the DBA and U.S. Cus- owned two airplanes, and it wasn't likely that one 
toms began in December of 1987. more would arouse any suspicion. He was paid 
At the time, Erickson was a sue- $20,000 to fix and deliver the plane. He tumcd the 
cessful San Diego businessman money over to the Customs Department, who cross· 
who owned an auto parts store, a checked the bills to see if they were from any other 
limousine service, an aircraft char- operations being conducte,d by Customs or the DBA. 
terservice and an electronics firm. All airplanes are equipped with a transponder, a 

radio device thai allows air traffIC con-
trollen to track individual planes. The 

"Four guys came up lO w. One DBA equipped the turbo-prop with a 
guy put a gun right to my head special transponder so thai they could 

track its movapents more easily. 
and said, 'Say a word and we' 1J.. Erickson tlcLI.v'theplane several times 

blow your brains out.' They domestically, and then was told to de-
marched us out and into a car. " liver it to La Paz. Bolivia. 

"The DBA authorized my flight to 
AlP ~/~ La Pu," Ericbon says, '''But if you go 

Shortly thereafterlhe ring called, telling Erickson 
he must go to Mexico as soon as possible. Erickson 
explains, "I'm supposed to go and meet with the 
dealers. The plane is loaded and ready to go on a 
landing strip someplace. The tires had blown. Since 
the plane was still in my name, before it could take 
off again the Mex.ican government wanted to see the 
owner of the plane." 

Erickson called Simon at Customs for instruc-
tions. Simon was out of town on a raid, and felt he 
couldn't handle the situation from a distance. "He 
gives me over to Doug Hebert, ~ Erickson says. "This 
guy is flaky, not responsive." 

Erickson says the DEA told him to stall for one 
day while the trip is approved. He did. Erickson then 
flew to Mexico City on September II, 1987. 

Operation Alliance is an agreement between the 
U.S. and Mexico to coordinate any drug enforce-
ment activities that go on between the two countries. 
According to this agreement, the U.S. government 
should have nocified the,Mexican government about 
Ken Erickson's position and activities, especially 
when he went to Mexico City in September. 

Funhermore, the DEA used Erickson's testimony 
when getting ajudge's approval 10 place the special 
transponder iA.,the turbo-prop. At that time, the judge 
should have required the DEA to notify the Mexican 
government of Erickson's involvement. He did not. 

Neither the DEA nor Customs told Erickson he 
was unprotected 

Erickson speculates that the Mexican police were 
noI informed because a DEA agent had recently been 

Erickson's cover would be blown. 
He called a San Diego DEA number. Telephone 

operators, not agents. took the call. He told them the 
load of <Vugs would be flown out in three days. 
Erickson was not satisfied with the government's 
response. "I was not sure this was going to worlc. at 
all." 

The dealers he was with lold Erickson to go to the 
American embassy. This would allay any suspicion 
about him being in Mexico. 

He went to the Embassy, eventually talking to the 
DEA's second-in-command for Mexico. Erickson 
explained whl\l was going on. 

"The DEA guy is steamed. He says to me, 'We 
don't have any idea whllt'S going on. If it's a Cus-
toms operation, go talk to them. You don't have 
anything to do with us~ pal. '" 

Erickson was upset, but reasoned that he was 
acting with the San Diego agents' knowledge, so it 
was okay. 

'He returned to the hotel. 1be dealers decided to 
change hotels. Eric~n says he called the DBA 
again, and this time spoke to an agent, Shaggy 
Wallace. He explained that he didn't know the load, 
but knew that it was leaving from Solia in three days 
and would arrive somewhere in Baja. 

"He guarantus me he's going to take care of it," 
Erickson says. "He .ells me to contact Delgado or 
Hernandez [two DBA agents) at the Embassy." 

TIle ring moved to leave the hotel. As Erickson 
describes it. "TIle elevator was full of people, so we 
had to wait for the next one. Four guys came up to us. 
One guy put a gun right to my head and said, 'Say a 
word and we'l\ blow your brains out. ' They marched 
us out and into a car." 

G-FIT®AEROBICS $10 ~~. 
Halleuls il!FEERetU. COFFEE I-l 

°It.r ~ 
• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads \ • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups ,. ) • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our howe," 

OPEN 7 All· 5 PII • 7 Days. Week • 481-8580 
1307 Sbatford Court • Del .... 

(Comer of 13th & SIraIford Court) 

RETOSE ~Tsf DA~~ I 
.... A _ ! CHULA VISTA: 

-.t L~"""'" _ 283 ThIrd Ave, 
~- 425-CUTS 
SDSU: OCEAN lEACH: 
AzI8c 'Center. lower ..... 4882 Newport Ave, 
582-CUTS 222-3777 
MetRC lEACH: HILLCREST: 
1447 Gamet Ave. «R University Ave . 
273·CUTS 291-CUTS 

They were taken to Policia Judicial Federal 
(Interpol) headquaners, where Erickson underwent 
a four hour interrogation. " I had limited Spanish. [ 
could get by - I could explain things. I showed 
them phone numbers, agents' names. I asked them 
to call the agents, call the Embassy. 

''They took me for a medical exam. They took a 
picture of me. Had mecount my cash-only $500 
of $2,000 was left. They showed me the other 
dealer. He was bleeding from both ears and the 
nose: They asked him if he knew I had $2,000 in 
cash with me. He said he couldn 'I remember - he 
didn't want to be beat any more. 

"They took everything away from me except my 
belt. Later, they said, 'We'll have your belt now.' 
I guess somebody decided they wanted it." 

The next day, Erickson was questioned again. 
The day after thai, they came and said a DEA 

agent from the embassy was coming. No one came. 
In three days, he had had one meal. "Water came 

out of the toilet. It had turds in it. By the third day 
[ was patting myself with water to keep from 
getting dehydrated. I sure as hell wasn't going to 
drink from the toilet." 

Then the tonure staned. 

"All the while, I'm explaining what I think they 
want." 

Erickson found himself being examined by a 
doctor. "I had been having seizures. Maybe my 
heart had stopped. " 

His wrists had been handcuffed so tightly his 
anns were blue. They had used adhesive tape 
around his wrists. 

Throughout Ihe ordeal, Erickson maintained he was 
working for the U.S. Government. Every day his cap-
tors asked why the DEA wasn ' I helping. It was apparent 
Ihey weren' t coming. 

"I listened to other people being tortured. I heard 
them break teeth, gouge out eyes. electrocute people." 

Another Commandante, Tristan, allowed Erickson 
to take a shower, as long as he cou Id watch. "Who cares 
- 1 gOI a shower out of the deal." Tristan told Erickson 
that someone from the Embassy was coming the next 
day. 

According to Erickson, Mary Grace McGean of the 
American embassy confirmed to him Ihal he'd been 
there seven days. During that time he'd had one meal a 
day. 

Erickson comments, "Mary said she'd get a hold of 
anybody I'd like. I said Bryon Simon. She said, 'Oh, we 
can't do tha,: I said call my parents -- she never even 
did that." 

Erickson was forced to sign a confession implicating 
Customs' Simon and the DEA's Hebert. "If you sign, 
they stop torturing you. I couldn't take any more. I still 
had my eyes, my hearing, my leeth. I could have stood 
a broken leg, it would have healed. Butl could have lost 
my life. So I signed." 

At no time did they ever allow Erickson to make a 
telephone call. 

Erickson was sent to prison to await trial. In the 
Mexican legal system, one can wait in prison up to five 
years before a trial. 

"I was in the same prison as the people I was 
See ABANDONm, Page S6 

~ .~....................... Wi;' ~ ' •• .!II. ! UCSD SPECIALI ~)~. 
• I 

". .. a warm, party I As ... .,., 
fill C'MpMt 
.'YII!' my,. ... 
...... 

MoTh ,,_-Mid. 
Hal. ,,-, .... 
.... '1.30 Mid 

atmosphere ... for Pels I 
serious Pizza eaters ... " 1r:1i..~11 II 

Jack 1VhJte, Channc110 /1'I1;j I 
restaurant crltic 

I 
Tired of the same 0/ ' cardboard pizza? I 
Call BJ's for gourmet quality, = 

. r------------------~---, I 
= : $500 OFF a.' .... lu •• r : = I II la,.. ,IDa I = I I BJ' 5 PimriD. PIt4st prtstnc coupon IIkn ordmng. _ I • I L ______________________ ~ • 
LI 8873VWa La jolla Dr. LaJoIla VU/ageCenter 455·0662 I' UCSD'J orlBtPJaJ PtZZfIrld Is sttJJ the bfISI! ' 6Jq1Irw 1117/91 • 

............................... 



, 

Monday, October 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECfACLE S6 

ABANDONED wenl down 10 the floor. The other flClOr was the re- of his ordeal, Erickson responds, enouah moraI value to win. If the "You could hear the shivs drop placement III the American em- "I put eight people in prison in roles hid ~ reversed, if I had 
ContInued ............ all over the place. " bessyofMaryGracc McGean with Mexico, one in the U.S. Stopped been Ihe .,ent, I'd have been riebt 
testifying against. I hid to eat from Erickson says he spent a lot of ColinClcary. Bric:ksonloldClcary half a billion dollars in drug traffic. down trying to let them out. Simon 
the garbage. If I hid money, I'd time in solitary for fiebting. his story. Clary did some researeh. A ,roup involved in murder. told me his reason for not helping 
loan it - the interest was a meal. I A week 1aIer, Erickson deIcribes "They don't have to pay me was he wanted to keep his job. 
made electric heaters and sold Erickson alleaes thai his release Cleary as sayin" "'Somethin, is anything. Courts have ruled that 1'hII was more important than my 
them. Hot water was valuable, so I came about for two reasons. One really wronl here. I'm really sony. agents here are not responsible for life. Than the morality of the situ-
sold that, too. was when he convinced his par- I'mguing to work to get you out. ,tt actions against me in a foreign ation." 

". had fights often. One drug ents to write to then-First Lady According to Erickson, "They country. Not responsible at all. Erickson has brought a suit 
dealer told me he'd explain how I Nancy Reqan. Erickson explains, hauled the Attorney General from "llosl my house, my auto parts against the U.S. government for 
would be killed; for a quan of milk. "You always saw her on televi- Carretro to Mexico City and lold store, my wife, my limos, my plane. compensation and damages. After 
'TIley throw a blankel over your sion, lelling people 10 ' Jusl say him 10 sign the papers - to gelthi My parents speni $40,000 on legal being rejected by a lower coun. it 
head - then a 101 of people Slab no. ot, She was lhe public leader of guy OUI now!" fees. J have nO car, no money. is now before a Federal Coun of 
you.' This way, if you survive, you the War on Drugs. On April 22, 1988, seven "Mexico's president was here. Appeals. 
can't identify who did it. It 's called Erickson think Rea,an' s letter months afler he was firsl arrested, There are a lot of people tortured in "The Slate Depanment says 
covichaso. intimaled 10 lhe Mexican authori- Cleary escorted Erickson out of Mexico. There has 10 be a top pul mislakes were made. I hope that 

"One day this guy was walking ties that the U.S. Federal Govem- Mexico. to it. somehow it comes out. Let's get 
next to me, carrying a blanket. I hit ment was aware of Erickson 's lreat- "The people who are running them OUI in lhe open and see whal 
him with aliI got, in the neck. He ment and did not appreciate it. When asked about lhe results the War on Drug do not have those mistakes were." 

How American Express 
helps you cover more territory. 

For less money. 

, 

Become a Student Cardmember today and 
get 3 roundtrips on Continental Airlines, 
for only $129 or $189 each, 
Only the: Am rican Express· Card offe r an exciting travel program 
exclusively for tudents- including three round trip certificate on 
Continental Airlines. And much, much more. 

Just look at the map and pick the place you'd like to vi it. If 
it' on you r ide oftlle Mississippi River, 'ou can u e a certifica te 
to fly for on Iy $1 29· roundtrip. Or you can cro s the 
Mi i ippi for $189 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more than 150 cities in the 
8 contiguous tates. And you can By almo t any time-

because there are no blackout dates. But you must 
make your reservations within 14 days ofthe day you 

leave. And the maximum stay is 7 days/6 nights and must include 
a Saturday night. 

By becoming a Student Cardmember, you'll also e~yother 
benefits from the American ExpreSS- Student Privileges Program. 
Such as up to 30 minut~· of MC] long-distance calling every mootlt 
for an entire year- absolutely free. And that's just one example of 
how the Card can help you save. 

For just S55 a year, the Card gives you all these savings. And 
it ' ea y to apply. Just call us (have your bank address and account 
number on hand). What's more, with our special student offer, it's 
easier to get the Card now while you're still in school than it may 

ever be again. 
So get the Card. And get ready to c~er new terri· 

tory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 
·11 ............. 51 ,.,,1 So Lou .. ord_on..M . .. ron'tdtrod "" ....... oI 'Iw-.pp ..... 

-A aocIlO 01"1"0 0 10 fornlh.iII "","",on OIdIbtlll ....... ...- for 12 _1M . ro..fftIOil 
- .,,~lstqlllllO 'ho~.cIonotfc .. "'m' ..... . ,.,. _IICICIod'-' 
_yn Utnd........ 'Ibu_ mrdlfor,hdRfYlttby_lI.lI9l 

CALL l-BOO-942-AMEX Continental 

Monday, 0cI0bcr 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECfACLE S7 

Arena 
What war? ---------------------------------
It seems that How do you feel about the War on Drugs? I feel that 

the War on 
Drugs is 
one big 
propabranda 
campaign 
by the 

we tell 
everyone to 
say no to 
drugs but 
men go and 
show them it's okay. As far as 
I'm concerned, too many 
people are getting rich off of a 
lot of people's suffering and nor 
much will really be done by me 
government. 

Vincent Archuleta, Senior 
Third, Psychology 

I don't feel 
that me 
money is 
well spent, 
because it is 
directed at 
stopping the supply of drugs, 
ramer than slowing and 
stopping the demand of those 
who have various problems and 
needs for drug use and/or abuse. 

Edward Rejzek, Graduate 
Structur3I Engineering 

Photographer: Alex Klyusner 

In my 
opinion, the 
War on 
Drugs has 
been a lo t 
weaker than 

our politicians have made it out 
to be. If there is a war going on, 
it's not on our turf. I don't see 
any results. All I sec are empty 
crack via Is. 

Kristin Tieche, Senior 
Fifth, French Lit./History 

Make Drugs, 
Not War. 
"Just Say No" 
to N ancy 
Reagan! 

Jeni Swerdlow, Senior 
Third. Visual Ans 

government to keep the people 
from knowing what's really 
going o n. Sure you see a major 
drug bust once in a while Oll 
the six o'clock news. But m re 
has to be d ne. You can't "Just 
say no." 

Alan Rodriguez, Sophomore 
Fifth, Undeclared 

Advertise in the Guardian. Call 534-3467 
ANn lEf us SELL IT FOR YOU. 

During the last tew years, the cost of education 
has risen so much that even Inflation couldn't · 
keep up with It. National Student Funding was 
created to help bridge that gap. We know that 
students need help today, whether It Is money for 
tuition, living expences, room and board, or even 
just to pay tor books, and we can help. Don't put 
off today, what you will need tomorrow. Call our 
800 number now and yoo will receive from us 

. more Information and application procedures 
to acquire from our data base the best scholar-
ship for you and your needs. Call now for more 
Information I 

1.-800-937-1900 ext. 1191 
Information and appIcotion pocket 24 hIS. 7 days 

CONSIDER 

NAnONAL 
STUDENT 
FUNDING 

STUDYING ABROAD 
NEXT YEAR IN ... 
~"-t-..-.c.-.cw-c.--.--. __ , 

--'-'---.~ .... ~~.-..-.. 
................ --.~-- ...... -........ --. 

.............................. ~ 
.. Uool ............ _ ... wa. 

OBam Amdcmic Credit 
0Financial Aid Aucailoble 
oEAP ScMloraI&;p. 

Wednesday Oct 9, 7 pm 
International Center Lounge 

Pw_ .... 'I caD ........ 
UCSD PrGp'IUII8 Abroad OfIlce 

in bUd dOD au 

OVERWEIGHT? 
North Carolina Pastor 

loses 76 Ibs. and 14 inches 
in 3 months using Nutrition 

Express Weight Loss 
Product twice daily eating 

one regular meal. 
Cost $1. 76 per meal. 

CALL FOR FREE 4-Day· 
Supply. See if they work for 

YOU. 

(619) 496-2263 

aaELEa a b JJ bbJ 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
L....ooIISilI""-'=:-~ Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 
-[ncludes: CL exam. care kit . myopic lenses, 30 follow up. 

Brands include B&L. Cooper. Wl. 
Parapenn, Boslon . 

(Off.rupin:, IIVM I) 

CWREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmonl Mesa Blvd. 

I Service 
• Qu.llt,. E,.ec.re 
• R ••• on.ble Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri . 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 



S8 SPBCfACLE The UCSD Guardian 

........................................................•.......... -

CAFE 
your 

No Doze Alternative 
featuring Espressos • Lattes • Ice Cappucinos 

Mochas • Ita/ian Sodas • Desserts 
Sun.-Tburs. 7 a.m.-ll p.1!l., pn/Sat. 7 a.m.-Midnight 

928 Silverado, Lalalla 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~~~-ll~jr)r •••••• ~ •••••••••••• •••••••• 

Just ask around campus. 
You'll find Bank of America is known for 

straight answers, quick turnaround and reliable 
follow-through. 

A degree of service you won't find just 
anywhere. 

That's one of the reasons Bank of America 
has been the #1 provider of Student Loans 
in California for three years running, as well 
as one of the leading lenders nationwide. 

Choice of Loans. BofA offers three·types of 
student loans: Stafford Student Loans, Supple-
mental Loans for Students, and Parent Loans 
for Students. Favorable rates and maximum 
amounts range from $2,625 to $7,500 peryea~ 

Can Toll-Free. To receive an application or for 
more information, call toll-free 1-800-252-7528. 
8:00 am to 5:00 pm Pacific Time (Mon.-Fri.). 

So pick up the phone and let BofA take the 
worry out of your student loan. 

m 
.... ofAmeria 

s _ 

Monday, October 7,1991 

You say you can do 
better. 

Write for the 
Guardian 

Cal 134 8180 for 
more InfonnIdIon 
Or SlOp by lite Guarditut of/ictS 011 
list stCoNl floor of lite Old SI_III 

Ct~r 

COME · 
AND 

SEE!! 
IF YOU ARE SEEKING . . . 
• a deeper relationship 

with God 
• a sense of belonllng In 

a faith community 
• a greater fulftUment of 

your miSSion In life 
CONSIDER BECOMING 
PART OF 11IE CATHOLIC 
FAI11I COMMUNITY 
11IROUGH 11IE RCIA 
(Rite of Christian Initiation 
of Adults). 
The CATHOUC 
COMMUNITY AT UCSD 
Is now accepting Inquirers. 
CALL LYNN NEU 
534-15%1 for more Information. 

The CATHOUC 
COMMUNITY AT UCSD 

MASS SCHEDULE 
SAT. 5 p.m. 
SUN. 8:\5 a.m., 5 a 9 p.m . 

• t dse Luthcnsn Ch.rch, 
11 Joill Shores Dr. a North 

Torrey Pbsca Road 

rr-=.========~"i' ~ 'ltrm·'Papm1 II 
~ Caltulus tT if"" II 
II 1CIsearcfJ ~I II 
ij JDIInfIIIs ", ?(PUS! II 
II .PFagsiu ", Cfi4rnistryl ~ ~ ~"'(jrrqMsl 
~ 

f1Dp_ 
1M ~'tl-ltftM 6fws, 

fMtnI.r".. 
__ to __ fIIl_.,..", 

'DtIp/M1ib 
JllWIIIt ...,. .. ,.-, 

w ........ _ 
...... ,.. .......... 11 • .,.t.,. Ta •• 

_ .... r.,.. .• 
1CIyogc:....1 

aa .......... ' !P. • 
............ , 

m.-...... m .... 

.... 1pIIUk..:.a alii ., 
No""'" W.,....,,, 

._------_ .... _ .. 


