
lHURSDAY 
EDITION 
• OPINION 

Sometime you need to 
get away from it all , and 
only a foreign country will 
do. Who would have 
thought that a trip to Mexico 
would have been a political 
odyssey into a white tra h 
nightmare, where a night of 
debauchery would become 
an opportunity to incite a 
cabbage revolution/PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Claiming that it manipu-

late their thought and 
pres ures them to spend 
every free moment evange-
lizing, fonner members of 
the San Diego Church of 
Christ have labeled the 
church a cult. Leader of 
the organization contend 
that it does not control 
people's lives/PAGE 7 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD men 's 

basketball team i on the 
brink of its second playoff 
appearance in two years. 
Saturday night, the Tritons 
will host Claremont 
College at 7 p.m. in the 
Main Gym/PAGE 9 

--

" " 

• 
~ .. }:: 

' ... 

"" \t 

"' 
~ 

.HiAlUS 
Cy Cumin of The Fixx 

- the band that brought us 
the early 19805 hits "Saved 
by Zero," "One Thing Leads 
to Another," "Are We 
Ourselves?" and "Stand or 
Fall" - talks about how he 
has been able to sland and 
save himself from falling 
into the sea of commercial 
musicIPAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
UCSD News .............. 2 
Opinion ...................... 4 
Features .................... 7 
Hiatus ..................... H1 
Sports ........................ 9 

-------.--------------------~-.~--------------------~----~~--~~---------------------~------. 

Reflections In the Rain - Heavy rains hit San Diego County yesterday, knocking 
down trees all over campus, but the rain did little to alleviate the state's drought. 

Academic Senate Extends P/NP Deadline 
• Division II move also discussed at faculty meeting 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

The Representative As embly of the Aca-
demic Senate voted overwhelmingly to approve 
the extension ofthedeadline to regi ter for classes 
on a Pass/Not Pass basis to the end of the fourth 
week of the quarter on Tuesday. The deadline 
~xtention could be implemented Spring Quarter 
if the Committee on Educational Policy (CEP) 
gives its approval at their meeting on Monday. 

CEP chair Richard Madsen, reported that the 
CEP approved the deadline extension, and en-
couraged the Academic Senate to do the same. 

Madsen explained that the deadline extension 
to the end of the fourth week would give students 
more time to assess their progress in a clas in 
addition to offering an alternative to dropping the 
c1as if they think the final grade received would 
be unsatisfactory. 

Along the same lines, Madsen said extending 
the P/NP deadline would "encourage students to 

take cia e they might not u ually take ... to 
broaden them elves," as tudent would have an 
option be ides dropping a cour e. 

Finally, Madsen argued that if tudents deter-
mine by the fourth week that they "are going to 
excel" in a class for which they had regi tered on 
a P/NP basis, they would have the opportunity to 
change their grad ing option to a letter grade. 

Echoing Madsen's sellliments, A.S. President 
John Edson explained, "Thefi r tlwoweek don' t 
give the student an adequateamountofinformation 
to know how they're going to do. The only option 
is to drop out." 

A few members of the Academic Senate ex-
pressed opposition to the deadline exten ion, 
charging that it allow grade and grade point 
average manipulation. Similar propo als to extend 
the P/NP deadline had been rejected by the Aca-
demicSenateoverthe last decade on these grounds. 

In other action, the senate di scus ed the 
See SENATE, Page 6 

... • ,f ',.f '.. -~~''-''''!.-.''' ", 

- "" < 

City Council OKs 
Beach Booze Ban 
• Prohibition at La Jolla 
Shores to be permanent, 
will take effect mid-April 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

The an Dicgo ity oun il unall imou~ l y 
approved a pcmlanent alcohol ban at La Jolla 

hore , Kellogg Park, ancl o r1 h P.lrk on 
Monday, whi le also placing a trial ban on all 
other San Diego beachcs and scveral park . 

The ban goes int effect in 42 day~, during 
the middle of Apri l. 

Because a tcmporary ban imposed lu!>t June 
by the councillap!>cd on Feb. I , it is currently 
legal to drink n all beaches in San Dicgo 

ounty. 
Ac rcling to Lisa Gonzalez fr m Counci l-

woman Abbe Wol fsheimcr'soffi ce, the pCl111a-
nent ban was establ ished as a resul t of the 
"succc ' 'fult rial at La Jolla hores." 

Gonzalez said the al oh 1 ban cut down on 
crime related to public drun"enne~~ . judging 
by the positive rea t ions of res idents around La 
J lla h rcs. 

A permanent ban n other beache:-, will be 
voted on fo llowing the trial b:lI1 and crime 
repor1s. Gonzalez added. 

But according to Paul Downey of San Dicgo 
Mayor Maureen 0 ' onnor\ officc, "My sense 
is that this i\, for all int c nt ~ and purpo 'e " a 
pennanent ban." 

The temporary ban, he su~pec t s . was a ploy 
to keep council members away from "political 
hea!." 

O'Connor, who was absent fr m Monday' 
m eting, 0Ppo ed the alcohol ban ~lI1d wi ll 
continue to oppose fu rther bans, according to 
Downey. 

"It 's not a question of more laws, but more 
enforcement," Downey ·aid . The new law, in 
the mayor's opinion, unfairly penalizes those 
who can drink responsibly. 

"The problems cited by people are already 
against the law," he said. "We just need to get 
more officers on the beat and resolve jail 

See ALCOHOL, Page 6 

In Midst of Drought, UCSD Seeks Ways to Curb Water Use 
• Irrigation time may be cut in half to 
aid in citywide conservation effort 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

Starting tomorrow, the city 
of San Diego will implement 
voluntary measures in an effort 
to reduce water consumption by 
31 percent prior to April t. 

After attending se sions 
called by the mayor's office, 
UCSD's Physical Plant Services 
(PPS) agreed to share its prob-
lems and concerns and become 
part of the solution to what is 
seen as a very real problem. 

According to Water Man-
agement Officer Bill Pettus, PPS 
has already implemented im-
mediate measures to conserve 
water by turning off irrigation 
clocks altogether last week. PPS 
intends to reevaluate the clocks' 
settings and may adju t them to 
half of what they were. Further 
evaluations and adjustments will 
take place from there. 

"We are looking selectively 

at where we irrigate and how much 
to ee what adju tments can be 
made," Pettus said. 

PPS is also looking at a program 
to modify restroom facili ties. 

"We did this 10 years ago when 
there was a drought. Since then new 
devices have come onto the market 
and we are in the proces of inven-
torying what we have," Pettus said. 

In addition, PPS continually 
monitors water usage in laboratories 
and other buildings, to make sure 
that no more water is being used 
than i necessary . 

Pettus is fairly confident that 
these measures will be enough to 
achieve the 31 percent reduction. 
Beyond that, however, reductions 
will depend on people thinking about 
how they u e water. 

"I think we can achieve mo t of 
the reduction without changing 
lifestyles significantly, although 
people houldtrytocutback,"Penus 
said. 

UCSO'S WATER / WHO USES IT 

Since last spring, the hou ing 
offices at the di fferent colleges have 
been running an active program 
aimed at reducing water consump-
tion. 

According to UCSD Hou' ing 
Admini stration Analys t Mark 
Cunningham, thi ha included 
training programs for all manage-
ment in tasks such as identifying 
leaks and mailing letters to new 
students asking them for help. 

Jeff Quan/Guardian 
"Up until now it ha been an 

educational proces . We have 
been increas ing people ' s aware-
ness [of how much water they 
u e) ," Cunningham said. 

As theAprill deadlinedmws 
nearer, there are plans to step up 
a con ervation campaign. 

According to Cunningham, 
the plans include monitoring the 
master meter leading into 

See WATER, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

UCSD QJPS 
NEWS IN BRIEF 

'Support Our Servicepeople' to Hold 
Fair at WarTen to Support Troops 

The Warren ollege Student ounei! is ponsoring a 
fair to upport the troops in the Pe!'l\ian Gulf Friday from 
II a.m. to 4 p.m. neur the Warren Lecture Hall. 

Included in the duy's aC\ivities will be booth~ to write 
letters to servicepeople overseas. a booth to make a 
quilt - following the design of A.I.D.S. qui lt . with 
patche made by individual . tudents and campu groups 
- and a psychological scrvi esboothtolet tudentsknow 
that :ouch ervices are avai lable to them at U SO. 

A rame will be held. with proceeds going to the USO. 
The fair is not intended a II political statement for r 

against the war. No groups representing either viewpoint 
will be included in the fair. 
Department of Sociology Hosts a 
Colloquium With Kee Robert warner 

The Department of iology wi ll pre ent a colloquium 
tomorrow at3 p.m. with Kee Robert Warner of CSanta 
Barbara on "The Technique f Gr wth Under Growth 
Control : PI:mnin • Power. and Development Practice." 
The lecture will be hcld in room 7077 of the Humani ti es 
and ial Science Building. 
Journalists With Experience Outside 
The Media's Restrictions to Speak 

Tonight at6p.m. thc"Revolutionary Journal ist Tour." 
featuring field journalists fr m The Rel'ofllliol/ary 
Worker. will beheldat the he afe. TIle writers involved 
in the program have been de. cribed as journalists who 
don ' t believe media hype and who can tell :.tories about 
dnngcr:. they have cncountered whi le in the field . 

The R('\'oillliol/ary Worker is a national newspaper. 
;md the voiccofth revolutionary ommunist Party.Ja k 

ardener. a writcr for the paper who traveled to Panama 
ity after the .S. inva~ion to investigate .S. :lcti 11 .• 

will moderate. 
Among the speaker~ will be Michael Slate. who has 

ju t returned fr m his ~econd inve'>tigatory trip to Azania 

The UCSD Guardian 

(South Africa); Heribeno Ocasio, an expert on the People's 
War in Peru; and Li Onesto. who covers topics with a special 
focu on women' liberation. 

N SCIENCE --L-EWS--'-
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

The Department of Chemistry and 
Physics to Hold Seminars Next Week 

• Monday - Dr. Jay DegenoftheUniver ityofCincin-
nati will lecture on "Neonatal Bleeding and Stochastic 
Transgene Los ' in Tran~genic Mice Expressing Urokinase-
Type Plasminogen Activator" at 12 p.m. in the Center for 
MolccularGenetic Lecture Room. 

• Monday - Dr.GerryBrownoftheStateUniversityof 
ew York at Stony Br k wi ll peak on "Matter Under 

Extreme onditi n .• at 4 p.m, in MH 4322. 
• Monday - Profe sor Mark Kunh of UC Davis will 

lecture on "Pericyclic and Electrophilic Cyclization Reac-
tions in Tandem" at 4 p.m. in room 104 of Peterson Hall. 

• Tuesday - Profe ' or Ig T ong of Arizona State Uni-
versi ty willie ture on "Determination of Surface Structures 
Using ReaJ-SpaceTechniques" at 4 p.m. in room 21020fUrey 
Hall. 

• Tuesday - Dr. Claude Can izares of the Massachusetts 
Insti tute of Technology will speak on "Cooling Flow and 

lusters ofGalaxies."The lecture will be held at4 p.m, in MH 
4322. 

• Wednesday - Dr. George Gruner of UC Lo Angeles 
will speak on ''TI)e Electrodynamics of Broken Symmetry 
Ground Slates in Metals" at 4 p.m. in MH 4322. 

• Thursday - Dr. Augu t Evrard of the University of 
Michigan will lecture on "Hydrodynamic Simulations of 
Cosmic Structu re" ar 2 p.m. in MH 4322. 

• Thursday - Dr. lame Morris of the Lawrence 
Livermore ational Laboratory will peak on "The Formation 
and Propagation of High Powered La er Beam ." The lecture 
will be held at 4 p.m. in USB 2622. 

• Friday - Dr. Robert Resnick of the Ren elaer Poly-
technic ln titutewill peakon"Mi conceptionsAboutEin tein. 
llis Work. and His Views" at 2 p.m. in USB 2622. 

• Friday - Profe r Michael Fryzuk of the University 
of Brit i h Columbia willIe ture on " Phosphine Complexes of 
the Early Metal and the L.1.nthanides." The lecture will be 
held at 4 p.m. in room 103 of Peterson Hall. 

VVEEKEND VVEATHER VVATCH 
• The temperatures 
for Friday, Saturday, 
and Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

DelMar 
63-64-66 

La Jolla 
63-64-65 

San Diego 
64-66-67 

Source: Wilbur Shigehara. 
National Weather Service 
Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Poway 
65-68-71 

• Weather ounOI"K 
Friday 

Chance of showers 

Saturday and Sunday 
Slight wa~ming with partly 
cloudy skIes 

Thursday, February 28,1991 

Compiled by Kent Konon, SlInlor St_" Writer 
""" ..... Ftb.2D: 10:15 a.m.: A tJqde was reponed Slaet1 from 10 frori of Warren l.e<Ue Hal. 
Loss: $450, 

t:30p.m~ A cat seal was rapoIIed stolen from a car in Lot 306. Loss: $300. 
2p.m.: A sU:Ient reported a veticIe's 00t1't'efWe tC1l stolen In U. 2aI. Loss: 
$370. 
2:45pm.: A 1981 Toyaa CressIda was reportedSlolen!rom Lot 355. Loss: 
$4.000. 
3 pm.: A SkldBrfs dasIilOard pennt was reported Sloien. Loss: $99. 
545p.m.: A studert reported the att~ lheftol a 1988 HondaAa::ord from 
U. 356. The vetide suSIaIned damage in the ~. 
llUIdIy, Feb. 21: 
10:50 am: A non-afialed courier reported the theft 01 a p;sOCart from \he Basic 
Soenoes IUdng IoDlg dod<. Loss. 5400. 
1:25pm.: A studert reported a tXyde stolen from outSIde AP&M. Loss' $300. 
2:40 p,m~ A Mesa AparIi'nefC resldert reported receiving ttTealri'g ptooe caIs 
at 2:30 p.m. 
4:" p.m.: A cour1e!Ieitpermit was seized from a ~ssan in Lot 601. 
5:42 pm.: A studert reported thall'Ml uridentified males attempted to steal a 
1986 Ford M~ in Lot 355. No lass. 
FridIy. FeD. 22: 
12:21 a.m.: An lriMwn suspect ent6led Studert Health Services and rem<l'Ied 
a medcallri. Loss: $100. 
17:23 am.: A card-18ader was reponed stolen from the Scieoo! and Encj~ 
lbiIy. Loss $1 ,500. 

3:30p.m~ A SIUderI reported the theft of a t987 ~ '-b1oro 10 Lot 351. 
Loss: $10.000. 
3:50 pm: A tjcyde was reported stolen from the Warren Lecture Hal. Loss: 
$300. 
7p.m.: A 19-year-ddSlUderl was arrested lor possession 01 alcohol. and a 22-
yg-dd SIUderl was arreSIed lor providng the ,9-year-old 'Mth tile alcohol. at tile 
9 ... l's Eye Tavern. 
s.n.v. Feb. 23: 
t:SOp.m.: UCSOPO IIlCOIIered a 1981 VW Jena that had been Slolen from 
Backho!se F:¥TllS. . 
7:26 p,m.: A 25-year-dd non·afiliale was detained and released for a 
Il1Sdemearor at Vr)jj. Dove and Canyonview Drive. 
5unc11y, FeD. 24: 
12:30 am.: An t8-year-old student was arrested at \he MLir Gafe!eria Ioadng 
00dI1or tupy to !MAC room 108. The suspect was ~ed to CouAy 
Melia! Health. 
4: 15 p.m.: A studert su1Iered a knee irVY at the Main Gym. The subject was 
transpated to Saql; Memorial Hospita. 
Monday. FeD. 25: 
9:15 am.: Patkilg Momenance personnel reported the theft of two parlQng 
meter.> from Lot 303, Loss: $00). 
11:10 a.m.: A sluder( reported the theft of a bad<pack at the Food CWp. Loss: 
$61 . 
5:45 p.m.: An UrMown suspect entered a sIuderI's locked vehicle and removed 
propeI1Y. Loss: $32. 
Tuesday. FeD. 25: 
8:54 am.: A staff member reported the theft of a toaster oven lrom Gabrailh Hal. 
Loss. $SO. 
/'c4 p,m.: A femafe student reported receiving anooting calfs at the Pepper 
Ganyon ApaJ1ments. 

GUASR')IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHuK. OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, AssocilIIe Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, OesIgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, As5ocMIe' OpInion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISlER, AssocIBte AttB Editor 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, AssocMte SpoIU Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Am Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, AssocIBte Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, Art5IEntfKtlIlnmenl Editor 
MEL MARCELO, AssocIBte Graphics Edllor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, AssocMtte FNIures Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AsIocJBte Photo Editor 
JEFF CUAN, Gqphlcs Editor 
JASON SNELl, fMrs Editor 
AlMAS UZGlRlS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, FHIIJres Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, ArtslEntertaln"""" EdItor 

BOB DeANDREA, BUSiness MIIIIII(IIN 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvBllslng MlIIIlIQllr 
MIKE MARTINEZ. Adv."lslng DtIs/gnflf 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CI.sslfltld Rllprllslm,.,IVtI 

~""'_""":SI>orryFr~.TI!!iSclw* . Ilc>Jg~. KnSIangl 
~AIeIIIInb: t.w..eBoiongle DawlCaM.paaov_ 
~: Drool ClM,Joo lM. Mf'IILwI 

1lIrLCSD~~_YSIAI-"~"'_yt""ordlclrto ....... 
01 UCSD. ~of" rewsoIPIt In.,., tonn..n.r.r In whaIt"rt PI'\. aetwMpe1I'tSlOn .. tara,. 

PfIDI*ICI ~ Ii91I1tgUltSItIYId. rlWlCSD~lIrcJI~lorlhl~af~trW\I 
...,orll'l The"..-s~rI'I~andI9*'IIWSOtCDll'lftnltllSdDftDf,.........,.,.....tN 
_"""t.c:SD_"'U-0Iy"~""' __ n._.",""", 
"'III"" __ \J.Q.."_,,,,, ... _ 

£dIariaI: 534-6S80, Business 0IIice: 534-w.6, Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Thursday, February 28,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

WEDNESDAY'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

Appointments: 

• David Kim as Stnle Lobby director 

WATER 
Continued from page 1 
buildings to evaluate usage and go-
ing through residence and check-
ing thm conservation stickers are 
replaced. Letters will be 'em t all 
current residents to tell them what 

.-~; r'--i--C------- ~~--: I~ LJi31 opy 'Ib+ I 
• Colin Wilson a Campus Lobby director 
• Lupita Avina to Campu Outreach Committee 

Budget Approved : 

• Student Organization Finance Board. for Spring Quaner 1991 
• Cultural Programming Board. for Spring Quarter 1991 

Allocation: 

• 1.334 for University of California Student Association Student 
Summit. from Council Retreat Line Item Budget 

Underwrite: 

• $2.809 for Sun God Festival T-Shirts. from General Unallocated 
- Sheryl Wolcott 

Calvin and Hobbes 
~~ ~~SnlE 
BlU5, TW:l\IQ\ • 

ES!'lc.lr.u.~ i lll . .... ~ 
Boo\:.IE , ~ ill.l , ~~ 
~nOK OffICEIl. . 

I 
they can do to 'ave water m)d to I 
make them aware of it co t. I 

Finally. there are plans to test I 
low-flow toi lets in '1Il attempt to I 
find more efficient units thm work I 
better than those pre ently in ·talled I 
in place uchas the Pepper Canyon I 
Apanmems. 

"We wam to remind people to 
conserve and to how them where 
money is being spent [on water]." 
Cunningham ·aid. "Even though 
tudents think the co t are all in-

cluded in rem and utilities. if they 
tay [on campu I next year they 

could find higher rents." 

by Bill Wattenon 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & GOMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holklay a. (uxt to DomIrw's PIzza) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :30·6 p m. h 3/ 28/91 
S.ll . 1 ·4 p .m W,th U(;~O 10 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

LA SArtDflLE 
lEVA 
DECKERS 

HURACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWNI 
u SA"I)fILE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SO 92109 
488-1134 

I 
I. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

r--------------------, 

G™UCSD DAR DIAN 
GIVES YOU ALL THti SPORTS 

FROM F£NCIHG ••• 

... TO ICE HOCKEY ... 

... PLUS ALl ntE lIlTS AND PIECES 
lllIETWHN. 

TIl. ~E II,'.C 5U l"E UI>! SIIE 
O,~'t '$.Nt ME. 1C ~ 'IE. 11\£ 
C~ /1..'1' ~! S\\t .)JSt ..... ~m> 
/I.. ~/l..T'5'i 1C PII-I Wi CRI~ 0\\ ! 

I ~tOt-i,. LI\(!; 
11£ ~'{ 11115 
srolli W,.S 
S\.\"l>t Me; UP. s> 
1 DECIDED-ro 
WIll t£ ,.. l'£W 
E"O\~G 'fI\~ 
~ .~S 
10."> (t) ·NJ1\\oe. . 

I~Jf~NS'ON 
,. SI'ECIALTY CEIITERS 

~-----'r-----T-----' I FOUR-WHEEL I I Front End I 011 Change I Alignment Speclar 
I BRAKE II $1495 I $1495 I 
: SPECIAL :: -"'~''''1Ihl : =-~v.=~=5: : $6995 : t-c::; 1- .;;~~~.:~ 1 
I - -- I I Front End I Strut I 
I J4.n.a.-d .. ....., I I ilgnm; I Package I 
I ~=::- II 24_ ... I Special I I dnIIw,bIIId'", II l1li_._1.. I I 
I .,-mExnrnllllc,.a. II -=ra::- I COOQl1r\cl ... ...... I 

eopires ~1"-'1 • ......... SuporSlruto ._ ... . .,.. ~----~I~~I~~·~I 
eOp'".31'''-'') • I FREE II (T""''''_ __' Eopir.s~141911 I I~-----~-----' I INSPECTIONS I I FREE AUGNMENT CHECK I 

L --· _ ..... L li0ii ... ·...... .. 
----- -----------Miramar Auto Center 

6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 
558-8562 

Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-6 p.m. 
Sat. 8 a.m.4 p.m. 

Sunday by appointment only 

rJO':.' OPrrJ ItJ FT Lor.1A' 3112 r.1ld:1dl' Dr Sic O . 223·n-lo 

:7lshoba 
CUISINE OF INDIA 
A WARD WINNING 

FREE 
DINNER 

When you pwcha5e orv: d equal or 
greater value (up to $10.95 value) 

Not valid friday. Si turday &.. 
holidays. ExptJe$ 3/ 14/91 

ALL -YOU-CAN-EAT 
BUMTLUNCH 

$6.95 
Everyday with coupon 

through 3/14/91 
Regularly sa 95 

Open 7 days lunch &.. dInner 
8008 Girard Avenue. La Jolla' 454-6263 

L (2nd floor comer of lower Girard &.. Prospect St.) .J 
--------------------

YEARS 
A HEAD 
HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg . $25) 
"'en $14 ( reg. $/9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

8950 Villll La Jollll Dr., Ste. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff T enning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------

1 Month Tanning for $ 3 4 
Accelerator induded; no odditionollees Exp. 3/1 "/91 

--------------------CosTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Sle. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 



4 OPINION 

COMMENTARY 

THE CABBAGE 

• A tale of tequila, ~tte trash, am v~ 
By Jeff Pitman 
Contributing Opimon Writer 
"Oh give me a horru whert tile buffalo roam 
And flU! deaJh 0/ tile race is a game, 
Where seldom is heard a peaceable word 
From tile w/tite tras" wllo killed as t/tey came" 

- Red Hot hili Peppers 
"American Ghost Dance" 

Everybody need to get away from thi dump s me-
time . I mean re(llly get away - taken complete vacation 
from the lurking dread created by school , the war, CNN, 
and the Bluers lo~ing t the LaJ..er~ . S metimes, only a 
foreign country will do. 

S when my friends ~ugge~ted a trip to Mcxico, I 
natumlly rec mmendcd an Felipe. a small town on the 

ea of Cortez, about I mil~., outh of the border. What 
tile hell. I thought.'r's Ollf! year later. so Ihe pulida 11(11'(' 
prohahly/orgolle//IIlY (ust I'isir by /lOw. Besidcs, r I 'C ('III 
my hair .. . they'lI//cl'cr reco8l1i:e lIIe. 

They didn·t. but oh. if nly we had drunk from that 
fountain of knowledgc- the AAA Traveler's Manual -
before we'd left. Just when we th ught we were making 
our escape from all this flag-waving American silliness, 
wheredldwefindourselvesbut IOOmile into Mexico and 
camping, yes. but immersed in a tiny pocket of American 
hell, surrounded by teeming horde of RVs, ATVs and 
their owners, a vile. ubspecie of IIomo apiens, mo~t 
politely referred to as "white trash." 

o n:lIurally we looked at the AAA Manual after we got 
Ihere, and saw allthil> in black and white. The paragraph 
about our campground described these idiots perfectly -
someth ing about "unruly Americans" ~\Od lot of ga -
guzzling machinery. 

o much for fore ight. 
Then again, even a moron like myself hould have 

figured out ahead of time that a Mexican campground 
calling itself"Pete' Beach" would be filled with Englt h-
speaking imbecile . 

TIley were everywhere. Every grain of sand carried 
their stench. We onsidered tealing some of their Mexi-
can bonle rocket and firing them into their gas tanks, but 
we figured that would probably set off a chain reaction 
which would undoubtedly take out ourear too, leaving us 
stranded ... with them. 

No, we were surrounded, and I could swear that they 
were breeding as we spoke - in-breed ing, of course, the 
best genetic mechanism to maintain their tupidity-
because every so often a little one would putter by, attached 
to its own, scaled-down ATV. 

Scary, scary sights. And, harring a bloody, murderous 
I1lmpage.therewa n Ihingwecoulddo.Theonlysolulion 
wa to drink heavily. 

Which we did. Luckily for us, after driving the five or 
six hours to get there, these white trash bozos seemed 
content to spend the re t of their time tearing up the beach 
and desert with their glorified tricycles, never venturing 
five minute farther down the road to the town of San 
Felipe. This seemed strange at first, but then we realized 
that the U.S. has laws again t thi sort of environmental 
terrori m .. so these losers were happy to make the journey, 
as long as they got the chance to lay waste to someone 
else's country. The village itself. with all it bars and fish 
taco stands, was relatively untouched by these monsters, 
and was a welcome refuge. 

So drink we did ... a sordid night of tequila, tacos and 
relalively few olher while face . Just the way Mexico 
should be. 

Unfortunately, the ne I morning I was treated to another 
lesson in the behavioral habits of the white trash beast. 
Apparently, they enjoy waking up at the crack of dawn, a 
ritual they celebrate by revving their A TV engines for a 
couple of hours. a medirationlprayer activity preparing 

OPINION 
The: UCSD Guardian 

them foranother fun-filled day of environmental destruction. 
ow, most normal people would rightfully be severely 

hung over at thi obscene hour of the moming. and this ort 
of sonic torture hould tand up in any court as sufficient 
groundS for inflicting extreme violence on the bastards. 
Lucky for them I'm fairly abnormal. 

0, there was no bludgeoning thal moming. BUI the heavy 
metnl thunder rumbling L5 feet away from my throbbing 
head did induce me to stagger up to the bathroom. 

Yeall. I know, real campers don't stay in places with 
bathrooms (particularly ones wilh howers), but the rem-
nants of the tequila were staging a revolution inside my gut. 
TIley were planning their escape, and their fiendi h plots 
apparently involved every available orifice in my body. 
Under these circumstances, toilets that flushed were not a 
luxury. but a necessi ry. 

My communion wa rudely interrupted by the ranting of 
some white trash gee:zer- amazingly separated from all of 
hi machines, which is probably what made him cranky, yet 
still vaguely humorous in his ignorance. 

He was yourtypical aged arrnchairwarrior,complete with 
while hair carved inlo a defiantly patriotic crew cut. He was 
yelling at the campground's manager. demanding to know 
why they weren' t flying an American flag. 

Far be it from me to act as the voice of reason, but we were 
in Mexico, for Christ's ake! And, con idering what we've 
done to them in the past, [really can' t see too many Mexican 
citizens rushing out and snatching up American flags to wave 
in support of the U.S. military. 

Still, the fact that we were in someone else's country 
didn', seem to satisfy the old buzzard. He wandered away, 
grumbling, " ... a11 these Americans down here paying good 
money ... damn un-patriotic not to be flying .the flag .. _ war 
going on ... :' 

Silly me,Iforgot that, after aU, "weare the world:' Every' 
country should be waving our flag. 

lchuckled briefly, then, in a rare spun of cerebral activity, 
] reflected for a moment that these bastards were probably the 
same vennin who. back in San Diego. dress up in fatigues, 
grab their rifles, then parade around at the border, shooting 
Mexicans when they try to sneak. across. 

Something had to be done. Someone had to warn the 
natives that these treacherous scum would slay them at a 
minute's notice. We needed a plan, and this, of course, 

Thursday February 28 1991 

Marc Uptergrove/Guardian 
required a healthy . upply of alcohol. 

So we went back to San Felipe, in earch of any bar not 
blatantly catering to wealthy American louri ts. The 
Rockodile and Club Miramar were eliminated immedi-
ately. Eventually we settled on a place calling itself "the 
Rock and Roll Bar." Not the best name, but it worked. 

Much later, fueled by many margaritas, I finally found 
my voice. I stumbled over to a table full of Mexican to 
preach my gospel. Several faces looked up al me expect-
antly (none of which, luckily, were connected to pofida 
badges). 

"Mis amigos mejicanos," J began, "These Americans 
you are allowing into your country are nothing more than 
raping pigs! 

"They buy your wares becau e the price is low. They 
think your people are amu ing. They laugh al your squalor 
and rob your country blind. Yet, when your brothers and 
sisters try to enter their country. to get some of the oppor-
tunity and the American Dream they brag about so much, 
the Americans shoot them down like dogs. 

"{say, fight back now! Tell youremigrating brothers and 
i ters to protect themselves wilh guns! Big ones! Gi ve them 

a chance to shoot back when the Americans shoot at them! 
Hell , shoot first! Fuck the yankee dogs! " 

It wa a bloody. violent plan, but it seemed appropriate 
at the time. 

They cheered wildly, of course, but from the inisterglint 
in their eyes, I had a feeling they were only humoring me. 
Just another stupid gringo drinking too much tequila. they 
apparently thought. This wou Id explain why my new-found 
friends generously forced several more lequila poppers 
down my throat. 

I can't imagine why, but my memory of the festivities 
fades to a dull black at this point. But the next day, my 
vicious New Jersey accomplice, Jim, asked me why exactly 
I had been exhoning the Mexicans to ann themselves with 
cabbages. 

"Cabbages? I said guns, you idiot! Uzis, AK-47s - the 
good stuff!" 

Jim informed me tbat apparently my grasp of Spanish 
was not quite what J thought it was. and that, yes. I had 
indeed invited millions of Mexicans to storm the border, 
wielding vegetables. 

Oh well, it's the thought that counts. 

.' - " ···rr 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINlON 5 

• 

Joe's Toenails Are Red 
• Two people experiment WITh non-tradITional gender distinctions 
By Jennifer Kolsky, Photo Editor 

It was kind of late. nOllate enough 10 go to sleep, but late en ugh to watch the late show. 
I was trying to relax, 0 I decided to paint my toenails red. It was better then studying. My 
boyfriend, Joe, was relaxing with me and was kind enough to ave me the trouble by painting 
my toenails for me. It was one of tho e di gustingly cute ritual that couple have. And when 

CLOSE-UP /LCSC' ,3L~R[' ~'. 

Joe fini shed. I was traditionally pre entable. But our 
ritual was on the verge of a non-tradi tionaltran for-
mation. Joe wanted his toenails painted red, 100. 

I was pleased at Ihe tum of events and agreed 
enthu iastically. That i' Joe' my 'Iique, doing the 
unexpected. So I labored unprofessionally over his 
size- IO feet and was quite happy with the re ult . 
Then I aw the look on his face: "Oh my God, my 
toes are red." A profound, ob ervant reaction on his 
part typical of a UCSD tudent. Joe' next statement 
matched his look oflerror. "We will tell people that 
you did it when I was leeping," he aid. I agreed, 

indifferently. We then covered Joe's feet with a blanket. 
Over the next couple of day , Joe wore socks mo t of the time - long, white weat ock 

under his monkey boots or kate shoe ,depending on the day. And whenever Joe took off those 
socks, we'd both trip out in shock over his unexpectedly red, red toenails. For a time, each 
glance was a shock. It was hard to get u ed to. In fact, I wasn' t getting u ed to it. I even offered 
polish remover to rid u of this evil discomfort. 

A few weeks later Joe carne to visit me at the Guardian. It wa a Saturday, and he walked 
into the office barefoot. First I told him hi toenails were red and then I asked him if he kIlew 
that he was barefoot. Joe had seemingly come to terms with the issue and was pretty indifferent 
to what others thought about him. Even the most famous, conservative columni t at the 
Guardian kept his comments to a bare minimum, stating simply and conclusively: "Your 
toenails are red." Maybe I was not giving society enough credit for accepting non-traditional 
gender distinctions. 

Recently, it was time for our ritual loenail paiming. Joe 's red toenails were badly in need 
of repair. I asked him if he wanted them painted again. And even after he agreed, I a ked him 
again if he was sure. 

So we had accepted Joe 's decision and we were excited that we were breaking a gender 
barrier that we had both been ocialized to accept. "Boys don' t wear nail polish - boys must 
be manly." 

Unfortunately, thi past weekend Joe encountered his first negative reaction tohi beautiful , 
red toes. He went skateboarding barefoot and his skate-friends of many years called him "a 
fag," and didn't want to associate with him. They wouldn ' t look past hi non-traditional, 
outward appearance (Q see the individual inside. They are the only one that have given him 
any misery. They' re supposed to be his friends. With friends like tho e, who needs enemies? 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 

BE A LEADER AT 
-UCSD 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1991 ASUCSD 

ELECTIONS! ! ! 
FILING DATES: March 6th thru 15th 

8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 

LAST DAY TO FILE: April 1 st 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

: WHERE: 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

In the A.S. Office, Third Floor 
Price Center, SEE ANNA! 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
: EXECUTIVE: COMMISSIONERS: 
• President 

Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 
SENATORS; 
Sophomore, Junior and Senior 
Senators for: Muir, Revelle, 

Third, Warren, and Fifth 

Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 
Operations, Services & 

Enterprises 
University Center Board 

For more information, call 534-4450. 
• 
• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

A Recreational War in the Gulf? 
Editor: 

Many time I've asked myself why we 
are in the Persian Gulf War, but there are 
so many flaws in the beliefs of both the 
hawks and the doves that I clm' t truly 
accept ei ther of them. The dove Ihin" we 
are there for the interest of big oil com-
panies ("No blood for oil," right?). I'm 
sorry, but these "conspiratorial" theories 
ju t don 't hold water. 

No special interest couldevendreamof 
holding such massive power over elected 
official, who are far more interested in 
gening re-elected than they are in helping 
big businesses. And to believe that they 
could "program" the mas ive public sup-
port is nothing but paranoid ignorance. 

Yet the hawks' argument is not any 
more convincing. We are there to defend 
Kuwait? The good old USA. center of 
morality, defends the world for truth and 
justice? I don't buy it. 

So why are we there? The hawks and 
the dove do have part of the answer, but 
the central reason is something quite dif-
ferent. Quite imply, Iraq has given us a 
morally and economically justifiable ex-
cuse to send our toys to the desert to kill 
"towelheads."1l1ereal reason we are there 
is because the average American loves 
Rambo-style entertainment It i great fun 
to tum on the televi ion and watch the 
latest in the Persian Gulf, as our high-tech 
gadgets "kick some butt." The real reason 
we aren't pushing harder for peace is 
because the army hasn 't gotten to play 
with its toys yet,and the peaceactivi ts are 
having so much fun camping-out that they 

haven't gOlten around to protesting yet. 
Now don ' t get me wrong, l ' m not 

condemning the war. It is great fun, il's 
helping our economy. and it's accom-
plishing a good and moral cau e all at the 
same time. Let' just drop the moral pre-
tense . After all, who really cares about 
morality or the economy? We are fighting 
this war for the fun of it! 

Eric Karich 

Alluring Alliteration 
Editor: 

Greg Knauss pegged a problem in his 
commentary, "Plethora of Papers is Perni-
cious," (Feb. 25). The plethora of papers 
on this campus is more than pernicious, 
it 's pathetic. These paper are peppered 
with panisan polemics and political pos-
turing. However, since each paper ha its 
own political purview, genuine debate be-
Tween persons of differing perspectives is 
precluded. Instead, one peruses pointless 
pontification. I, for one, would prefer that 
petty pugilism pervade the editorial page. 
It would perk up the paper. 

Carrie Webber 

1lte UCSD ell/,ri,l", welcomes yuur IcttCrol. Dmp off 
your submis..,ions:u ,he Gun,.rI,nll offices (on the second 
fioororthc Student Center, Jbo\'c th..: Gcncr.ll SlOrt) or 
null them to: 

Opinion Ediror 
GNllnli"" 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La )olla, CA 92093·0316 

Leucn mu~t be t)'lw:d. douhlc,sr;u.:,,·d. Jnd \hould 
induJc :l slgn:nure and 1 phone numllcr. UnSigned ICllers 
w,lI not be pnntcd We I'C~CI'\ c the right In cdll for length 
J..nd cl3m)'. \Vc ClnnOI gUlr:mlcc lhlt your kttcr Wiu be 
pubti,hoo. 

Mlill1M,1il CYCLaS 
SALES • SERVICE • APPAREL & ACCESSORIES 

SAME DAY PERSONALIZED SERVICE ON MOST REPAIRS 
MOTORCYCLE INSURANCE AVAILABLE 

MILITARY & STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
MOTORCYCLES 

• SCOOTERS 
• WATERCRAFT 

• ATV'S 
AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR 

1555 BlACK MOUNTAIN RD. WET-BIKE & SEA FLASH 
"IN MIRA MESA" 

578·7510 WE SELL QUALITY USED 
MOTORCYCLES MON.·FR!. 8-7 • SAT. 8-4· SUN. 10-4 



6 NEWS 

SENATE 
Continued from page 1 
po sibility of UCSD's intercolle-
giateathlelic program moving from 
Division III to Division n. and the 
ramifications f athletic cholar-
hips. 

Athletic Director Judy weetand 
Diana Marquardt , chair of the 
Intercollegiate and Recreationa l 
Athletics Adviwry Committee 
(JRAAC), addre sed the Academic 
Senate to collect fa ully and staff 
opinion before IRAA draft a 
re ommendation on the talUs of 
intercollegiate athletics at UC D. 

Sweet ou tlined the problems of 
SD's Divi ion III talUs as Ize, 

public affiliation, geographical 10-
cati n. in titutiomll profile. She abo 
expla ined 50's dIfficulty in 

The C 0 Guardian Thursd ay, February 28, 1991 

scheduling opponents from other 
Divi ion m schools. 

"[Some Divi ion m chools) 
have chosen to not play agalnM us. 
It's in thcir be t interest not to 
schedule u," he explained. 

ber voiced suppon for a non-
scholarship Division II nthletic 
program at UC D. 

James Lyon, Fifth College pro-
vo t, announced that the council of 
provo ts"hcartilycnd rsc lhcmove 
to Division II." but said that it was 
concerned about non-academic 
scholarships. 

ALCOHOL: Beach booze ban 
Will be permanent at shores 

In addition, Sweet ancmpted to 
dispel the "misinformation" that 
UCSDi tryingtomoveto Division 
I, which i associated with many of 
the negative connotation~ r "big 
time athletics." 

The Academic Senate is "sym-
pathetic," as ne member put II, to 
the dilemma with remaining in Di-
vision [J) , and focused discus ion 
on its opposition to athlctic schol-
arship . Financial assistance b al-
lowed but not mandated in DiviSIon 
II. while Divi\ion III doe~ not all w 
them. 

Several Academic enate mem-

Another matter brought up wa 
the reactionofn n-athletic tudent 
to students who have been awarded 
athletic scholarship. 

"There b a mechanism for the 
~tudents thcmsclves to react," Ed on 
responded, explaining that a move 
to Division II would have to be put 
to a tudent v te. 

The scnate appr ved a m tion 
wntten by the P thm take a 
fonnal stand against athletic sch 1-
ar..hips. 

Continued from page 1 
problem as well." 

Now, Downey added, law are 
ju t"creatingadditionalbureau racy 
without olving the problem~." 

Proponent of the ban have ~aid 
police cannot check everyone 10 see 
whoisdtinkingre pon iblyandwho 
is creating problem . 

A blanket ban, they say, is easier 
to enforce. 

upportersal o cited the fact that 
most counties along the California 
coast already ban alcohol at beaches. 

D Graduate tudent so-
ciation President Daved Fremont 
has opposed the ban. and attended a 
meeting last overnber to speak 

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program. 

a~ain tit. 
He n ted that the main evidence 

against the ban consi ted only of 
mllles a~ainstthe ban by local citi-
zen~. 0 real evidence was ever 
mnde publi . he S<lid. 

"It was all verb;.1 - there were 
never any police report ," Fremont 
said. 

"There has to be a c.J1I for a real 
accounting by the police depan-
ment" to defend against \ hat he 
called "wamon laws." 

Fremont aid he has participated 
in beach barbecue where alcohol 
was erved, but doe not know how 
significantly the ban will impact the 
student population in general. 

Now students can get the Card .. 
and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 
Airlines, for only $J29 or $189 each. 

48 contiguous states. And you can fly almost anytime-because 
there are no blackout dates. But you must make your reservations 
within 14 days of the day you leave. And the maximum stay is 
7 day 0 nights and must include a Saturday night. 

In addition to this great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 
the benefits of Card membersh ip as well as other exclusive student 
privileges. They include a quarterly magazine filled with informa-
tive articles on summer jobs, careers, campus life. Plus valuable 
discounts from leading retailers. 

There's only one way to cover a lot of territory without spending 
a lot of money. And that's by getting the American Express·Card. 
It's the only card that offers an exciting new travel program 
exclusively for students-including three roundtrip certificates on 
Continental Airlines. 

Just look at the map and pick the place you(f like 
to visit. If it's on your side of the Mississippi River, you 
can use a certificate to fly for only $129 roundtrip. Or, 
you can cross the Mississippi for $189 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more than 150 cities in the 

But remember, there's only one way to get all this- and that's 
by getting the American Express Cant Just call us (have your bank 

address and account number on hand). What's more, 
with our special student offer, it's easier to get the 
Card now while you're stiJl in school than it may 
ever be again. 

So get the Card. And get ready to cover new 
territory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 

CALL l-BOO-942-AMEX 
1/ you 're a/read)' a Ulrdmembf!r, tben's no neM to CIIII. IrIformatlon about your certificates witl be arrlvf", soon. 

CaopIft< , .... . 1Id condidon. 01 'h~ ,ro,,", ...... 11111''''' ."h you, mlik .... Contlnmtll AI~I'" .Ioot b __ I .. 1.1111_ 01 'his oIn A_bn £1pIftI __ no 1 .. 11ry for eo.-'I Aldl ... • ......... nco. 0 .". _.n hpt<II Tmo<I ...... _ '- \oc. 

7 FEATURES 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 28, 1991 

ntheChurch 
• Ex-members of the San Diego Church of Christ call 
the group a cult, while members deny the allegations 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

This is theftrst ill a two-part seriesaboUlthe COlltroversy 
surroluuling tile San Diego Chufeh a/Christ. 

U CSD senior Kathleen Ball had been on plenty of retreat before - especially since a friend began 
taking her 10 Bible studies and other related religious 
activities midway through her sophomore year. But one 
particular retreat was different. 

It was a family gathering of sons. Her sisters were 
coming home from college, and her parents were planning 
to attend the retreat. They were all going to spend a 

relaxing weekend up at Big Bear. 
Ball was excited. This would be an 

opportunity to show her family what a 
great experience her church was, and 
perhaps to recruit them into the reli-
gion. 

But instead of being able to carry out 
her intent, she said she ended up believ-

ing that her experiences in the church were 
.... 

detrimental to her. 
"When I was in the church, r thought it 

was right," Ball said . "Ifl had any doubts, 
I'd rationali ze them into positive 
thoughts .... " 

At the retreat, Ball said, she could no 
longer rationalize any of her doubts 

away. After spending six days with 
a counsel or who had been 

invi ted at her parents' bequest , she began to feel that 
something was wrong wi th her church - that there 
were flaws in the way that it taught the Bible, and that 
it controlled her life. And Ball aid she ympathized 
with others who called the San Diego Church of 
Chri t a cu lt. 

"For ix days, the counselor and I sat there and 
argued the way the church viewed the Bible. In my 
battle to defend my church, I realized 1 had lost my 
number one commitment. which was to God. I saw 
that we weren' t the only 'Christians,' that there was 
more than one way to interprelthe Bible, and that we 
had some major problems," she said. 

After the retreat in November, 1990, Ball decided 
to leave the group that had virtually been her entire 
life for Ihe past year and a half. 

That group, the San Diego Church of Christ, is a 
branch of Kip McKean ' s Boston Discipling Move-
ment, which some people have called a cult. It is one 
of the fastest growing religious organizations in the 
nation. This growth is evident at UCSD. Every mont h, 
students just like Ball are joining the organization. 

According to Damon Miller, pres ident of the 
Christian Student Association, one of the church's 
campus satellite organizations, the Boston movement 
is attracting new members in droves. Last month , for 
example, he said that 107 people from UCSD alone 
had joined the church, which numbers 1.700 in San 
Diego, and that worldwide, the movement has at-

tracted a congregation of over 25,000. 
The church has been able to attract new 

See CHRIST, Page 8 

Helen TM/Guardian 



8 FEATURES 

CHRIST 
Continued from page 7 
member in pite of allegations 
that it i a cult. The e allegation 
include practices of deceit and mind 
control incorporated into the 
organization's di ciple hips. 

"[The leaders) control your 
thought ," aid Dana Azevedo, a 
former member who wa in the 
church for five year and who was 
a le,lder in the organization. ''They 
don ' t allow you to ask questions. If 
you do, they ay you are not trust-
ingGod." 

Richard Henegar. a minister 
with the "main~tream" church of 
Christ, not affiliated with the San 
Diego hurch of Christ, has in-
terviewed many of its former 
member a a pan of hi doctoral 
dissenation at U IU. 

"What happl!ils is thei r lives are 
o ordered, so regulated that they 

lose the ability to make decisions 
on their own," he aid. "It is re-

trictive and unnatural." 
"The cult charge gets propa-

gated becau e we are very evan-
gelistic, and most people either 
come from a non-relig iOUS or a 
different denominational back-
ground and their parents feel upset 
or ~ Ii g hted. We do not conlrol 
people' lives," MacKean aid. 

teve Hassan, a recognized 
counselor to cult member, ap-
peared at UCSD two weeks ago, 
and said that members of the an 
Diego hurch of hri t are indeed 
in acolliroliedenvironmelll which 
pre ure them to spend every free 
moment evangelizing and helping 
the movement spread its influence 
across the world. The members 
believed that unless they are ac-
tively recruiting, they are not being 
"fruitful". 

"The leaders u e that teml inac-
curately in the contex t of the Bible," 

Ha~~an s;lId . "Therefore, their 
member~ arc made to fcel guilty 
wh 'n they are not actively recruit -
Ing new mcmbers. " 

"When I was in the group," Ball 
snid, "I didn't preach the gospel as 
mu h as J would preach what i 
called 'The Disc ipleship tudy. 
Our main sCripture was not the 
gospe l. bUI Matthew '28: 18-]0." 

,\II al/titority ill iteal 'l'lI lIlId 
eartit has beell gil'ellto /lie . There-
fore. go lIla!.:e diSCiples of all 110 -
[iOIlS, lJap[i::illg [it elll ill [h e lIome 
of tit I! Fatiterolld ofthl! SOli ami [itc 
lloly Spil'Jl, tcachillg [it 1'111 10 olll!y 
cl'cry[hillg I COlIIlIIClllded YOII lIlId 
slJrely I alii with YOII ulll'ays ro [hc 
l'cry elld of the age, that pas age 
reads. 

The need to recruit throughout 
the world is critical to the evangeli -
cal tyle of the movement: By 
s preading their word, they are 
plea ing God, McKean said. 

Hassan believed members are 
pressured to recruit others, and 
manipulated from the beginning of 
their involvement with the church. 

"The bottom line," Hassan said, 
"i that they get people into a state 
of mind where they are no longer 
able to think learly. They u e peer 
pressure and hypnotic technique 
to get people to su pend their 
criticalne . They keep people 0 
busy doing cult-related activities 
that they stop doing normal activi -
ties and end up making a total com-

" They don't allow 
you to ask 

questions. If 
you do, they say 

you are not 
trusting God. 

" DANA AZEVEDO 
Ex-church member 

mitl1lent. Ultimately, they want to 
make you dependent on the group' 
authority figures. 

Jeff Wadstrom, a San Diego 
Church of hri t member who 
over ees all campus group in the 
area, cxplained the church's re-
cruitment philo ophy . 

"[ wouldn 't ~ay we pre ure 
people to do anything." he aid. 
We try to help people understand 
the Bible. All facts in history point 
to Je us being the ~avior. This 
auses pre sure for people to accept 

him, or di regard him and live life 
a cording to theirown beliefs. And 
in doing so, there is an internal 
battlc goi ng on." 

According to Ball, potential 
members are u ual\y recruited as 
friend ' and rudy partners rather 
than a church-goers. Once the re-
cruiter has establi shed a bond of 

tru ~ t with the di!>ciple, the recruiter 
- along with other members of 
the church - begins to implement 
a fixed Bible tudy de igncd to 
manipulate the re ruit into em-
bracing the religion, she aid. 

"I h'ld a friend, Michelle, who 
took me to the San Diego Church 
of hrist in Fall Quaner of my 
ophomore year." Ball said. '" felt 

kind ofuncomfonable, 0 J didn't 

Savoy 
'\" RESTAURANT 

\JU" \ ~ ~ 
St>eC\U 00 ¥ ' J '\ PZ: tit .w 

LUNCH $395 DINNER $5 95 
Served with egg roll, soup, fried rice, 

tea and fortune cookies 
Kung Pao Chicken or Beef #~ a l:p 9!u.. 
Beef with Broccoli 1t ,~~ ~ §R. 
Savoy Lo Mein a ::.t. i. ~ 
Chef's Shrimp or Beef + .1f:i, tt- ,t! , 
Vegetarian 's Delight ~t ~ ~t-~ r:---------------, NOMSO 

L2 !O~ ~F! ~!!I!~!~ .!h!!~:::.. r~::'t 
OPEN 7 DAYS LUNCH & DINNER 

4690 Convoy St., #107 .495-9139 
L..-____ Take 52 east, right on Convoy in PIaL) Del 501 ____ --' 

The UCSD Guardian 

go back . But Michelle w very 
friendly and very persi tent, and in 
the spring she convinced me to go 
to a Bible study she was leading. I 
had trouble with the tud ie be-
cau e I had a hard lime believing 
that the Bible wa it. But they were 
able to convince me thai the Bible 
was indeed the word of God, and [ 
was baptized into the church." 

According to Ball , the tech-
nique most evident in the recruit-
ment proces is "love bombing," a 
te hnique which makes a person 
feel wanted and desired to show 
the recruits that they are pecial 
and have a divine purpose. 

"All of us need that kind of 
intimate relationship:' said 
Henegar. "With love bombing, 
they provide a p uedo-relation hip 
that i very hard to resi t." 

A former Revelle College 
re~ident advi or said that she saw 
the effects of love bombing in the 
residence hall s la t year. When 
omeone she knew became in-

volved with the organization, that 
person would suddenly have many 
new friends saying "hi" all over 
campu . But when that pro pec-
tive member decided not to join 
the organization, he was hunned, 
he sa id . 

According to Azevedo, the 
church believes either you are 
piritual or you are not : Either you 

are a true Chri ' lian and devote 
your entire day to the teachings of 
Je u Chri t, or you are a non-
believer who i being deceived by 

atan, and if you are not a potential 
member, you will be forsaken. 

Ha san said that the church 
employs information control and 
phobia indoctrination to keep 
members tied to the movement -
whether through a fear of leaving 
or a genuine beliefin thecause. He 
aid that through a "di cip ling 

pyramid," with McKean at the top, 
the movement employ mind con-
trol over it di iples and forces 
them to devote thei r time almo~t 
exclusively to the church. 

McKean denie~ that he u e~ 
mind control to attract and hold 
new member: "We might change 
people" mind about what It means 
to live a moral life. We don't lock 
lup] pcople.orwedon't take people 
a\ ay, or we don't IInpo e ur be-
liefs on anybody. That just isn't 
the c;l~e." McKean added that 
member pend time with the 
church because they want to. 

According to Ball. their time is 
devoted almo t eXClusively to 
evangeli m, and entire Bible rud-
ies and church services are often 
devoted to the organization' goal 

I Carioft Color I 
: laser ~I.s : 
! $J ! 
I I 
I I I 8.5111· 2OI111f11te I 

thlsCDlpOn I . .,. .. 5151191 I 
. . . . . 

457-1007 

of evangelizing the world and 
maintaining devotion. Pep rallie 
are held where di ciples set re-
cruitment goals and discuss their 
ucce s in meeting them, she said. 

" Jesus was very challenging," 
Wadstrom said . "He created a lot 
of controversy. He expected a 
radical commitment , and for us to 
follow his teaching and the Bible, 
we have to make that commitment. 
In doing 0, we will create ome 
controversy in people." 

Ball said the controversy is 
derived from the church ' ingular 
orientation. She felt that they had 
fore aken much of the Bible in 
order to devote themselves to 
evangeli m. "[n the church you 
just wanted to evangelize because 
that' s what was praised. If you 
were giving to the poor or helping 
someone, you wouldn't be praised. 
And if you weren't out evangeliz-
ing, you were told you weren 't 
working hard enough." 

"We love God," said John 
Corrall , a church leader who 
oversees operations 8t UCSD. "I 
love God and I'm excited about 
Christ and what he ' given me. 
The bonom line i I just want to 
impact people forChri t.l don't go 
around telling people omething 
because I'm suppo ed to . It 
wouldn't be much of a life ifl did." 

According to Corrall, anyone 
who follow the Bible has to make 

" [Jesus] expected 
a radical 

commitment. 
For us to follow 
the Bible, we 
have to make 

that 
commitment. 

" JEFF WADSTROM 
Church member 

a acrifice for Christ. "Ju t be-
cau e you go to hurch on Sunday 
doe not mean that you are a Chris-
tian. The Bible is very plain about 
what it means to be a Christian. It 
ba ically says you have 10 give 
your heart 100 percent to God, that 
you have to put God number one in 
your life, and that' an inten e 
commitment. 

" I'm not better than anyone else. 

Thursday, February 28,1991 

My church i not beuer than any 
other. If there are other churches 
following the Bible, that 's awe-
ome becau e there' only one 

Bible and that means we are al\ 
doing the same thing." he said. 

ThaI need for conformity i one 
of the bigge t problems with the 
church, according to Azevedo. 
" You could have a Baptist mini -
ter who put the Bible into practice 
daily, and he till wouldn't be con-
idered a Chri tian. They believe 

you have to be a disciple, baptized 
into the 'di cipling movement.' 
You have to do it their way, on 
their tenn ," he aid. 

Inside the church, Azevedo 
maintained that conformity con-
tributes to the manipUlation; church 
members are often hou ed together 
to provide a ort of evangeli tic 
competition that motivate the in-
d i viduals to stri ve for uccess in 
theirrecruitmenl. The peer pre sure 
within the house is also used to 
keep the members in line, and to 
keep them from doubting their 
faith, she said. 

"(The Bo ton Movement's 
leader 1 manipulate people' per-
sonal experiences," Ha san said, 
"and ultimately program them with 
phobia that if they ever challenge 
the authority of the group, they'll 
be 10' ing their salvation." 

According to Ha san, McKean 
believes that he gets personal rev-
elation from God and is God's 
greatest speaker on the planet. 

McKean denied these allega-
tions: "Some people want to ay] 
think I'm somebody special. That 
is not true. I don't believe I make 
miracles, and I don't believe I speak 
inspired. I'm not an apostle." 

"[McKean] makes every deci-
ion in the church ," Azevedo said. 

" He has the role of the Apo tie 
Paul in the Boston Movement. He 
is at the top of the di cipleship and 
he decides what we rudy. Every-
thing relates back to him." 

The member of the church are 
unable to see whether or not they 
are being deceived , according to 
Hassan. For the most patt, they are 
too immersed in their activities to 
ee any hints of deception - they 

ju t want to go abou t their busi-
ne s, questioning other's beliefs 
withou t examining their own. 

For Ball, that i unfortunate. 
"Looking back at my experience 
in the church, I want to be angry 
but there is no one to be angry at 
because these people are doing 
what they feel i right. They really 
believe that thi i God's plan for 
them, 0 you can't attack them for 
knowingly using mind control." 

CD SOUNDS 
COMPACT DISCS 

NEW • USED • 1 DAY SPECIAL ORDERS 
• IMPORTS • TRADE-INS 

6780 Miramar Rd. 0 S7e DISe (behind Carl's Jr.) 0-
$1 OFF 

ANY NEW DISC 
With this od. Not good with any other otter 

Offer good thlough Mor 31.1991 

9 SPORTS 

BITS & PIECES / FETU~ KO 

Rotini, Boxing, 
And Felix Fennin 
J UST A FEW NOTES: • To each hi own ... Editor: Peter Ko's 
sycophantic and infantile 
imitation of his older brethren at 
the LA. Times concerning the 
play of Benoit Benjamin once 
again demonstrates his utter lack 
of NBA knowledge. If Ko had 
bothered to watch any Clipper 
games thi s season or look at any 
of the box scores, he would have 
realized that Benoit is having an 
All-Star sea on and, along with 
Ken Norman, has been the only 
Clipper that has played hard 
every night. I never thought that 
I 'd be say ing this but. .. bring 
back Phil Gruen!!!? 

Len ParsollS 
Member, Benoit Benjamin 
Fan Club, UCSD Chapter 

Sycophantic? 
• Why doe Rhode [sland 

want the New England Patriots? 
[ncluded in this wonderful 
package are uch wonderful hits 
like The Adventures of Irving 
Fryar, Lisa Olson and the Boys, 
and Three-Year-OJd Drug 
Allegations. 

That' not all! You also get a 
team with a winning percentage 
a shade above Felix Femlin's 
batting average, and fan atten-
dance that rivals Poway High. 
Had enough? 

You also get a sexis t owner 
with a mouth big enough to 
swallow size 17s. 

To order now, just call 1-800-
ASKING-FOR-TROUBLE-
STUPID. 

B OXING IS silly. What other port has judges issuing 
mandates and injunction 
declaring who can and can't be 
champion? 

Can you picture Tommy 
La orda running into the NiRth 
Circuit and screaming, "For the 
love of rotini, don't let the Red 
win the pennant?" 

• The mere thought that the 
NCAA West Region Selection 
Committee u ed the UCSD 
women's ba ketball team 's loss 
to Chri t College as justification 
for not electing the Tritons for 
the tOumament is absurd. 

Don't 16-game win s treaks 
count for anything? 

• Is CllIyolle happy with their 
contract? 

• Errata, Schmata: In the last 
Bits, I inadvenently described 
the logan of the Arkansas 
basketball team as "94 Minute 
of Hell." As you well know, the 
slogan is "94 F eel of Hell." 

• Ed Whit on? Yikes. 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian T hursday, Februal), 28, 1991 

NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP SECOND ROUND 

A Wild West 
Shootout 
• Preview: Marshall wants to 
wear down Claremont and get 
into the Stags' weak bench 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

It 's going to be a shootout to detennine who's 
the best in the West a second-seeded Claremont 
(22-4) will visi t top-seeded UCSD (22-3) in the 
second round of the NCAA Division III men's 
basketball playoffs. 

Both team will be coming in with guns blaz-
ing, and only one team wili be left standing after 

See PREVIEW, Page 15 

The Tritons' 
Silent Killer 
By Craig Elsten 
Staff Writer 

As the UCSD men' basketball team prepare 
itself for Saturday's playoff game again t 
Claremont, UCSD point guard Darvin Jackson 
readie him elf for an entirely different battle: 
against history. 

Brian Morr is/Guardian 
Guard Tim Rapp. averaging 24.5 ppg. will be a key factor in the Tritons ' second 
round matchup with Claremont this Saturday at 7 p.m. in the Main Gym. 

It was last year, in the Triton ' first round 
playoff game against Nebraskn -Wesleyan that 
Jackson had a decidedly mixed ou ting. 

See JACKSON. Page 15 

Volleyball 
Downed 
In Five 
By Joel Kurzman 
Staff Writer 

In a game full of unfamiliar 
faces, San Diego State offed the 
UCSD men 's volleyball team in 
five games 15-8,6- 15, 15-11,6-
15,12-15. 

Inconsistency was the word of 
the night. Problem on offense and 
defense caused Head Coach 
"Digger" Graybill to play his re-
erves freely. Not that re erve are 

all bad. They just weren't enough. 
See M. V-BALL, Page 10 

Junior outside hitter and team captain Gerry 
Goldstein is among the Tritons ' kill leaders. 

Man With the 
Midas Touch 
• Gerry Goldstein keeps quiet and 
lets his play do the talking 
By Joel Kurzman 
Staff Writer 

You've got your finesse players. You've got your 
thugs. Pretty boys and rah-rah cheerleader types. The 
ca t of characters on spon teams tend to look alike. 
Each type of player ha a role, a way to contribute. 

If you're a volleyball team, you'd better hope 
you 've got a Gerry Goldstein. If you have to play 
against hi type, it mi ght look like this ... 

He comes to the coun without saying much. He 
minds his bu~iness getting ready for the match. Not 
much joking or hollering. You barely notice he' 
there. 

Then the game starts. And he spikes a volleyball 
See GOLDSTEIN , Page 10 

Softball Sweeps Redlands 3-0, 4-1 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

Sometime you gotta do what 
you gotta do. 

Forthe UCSDwomen'ssoftball 
team, the task at hand is winning 
the necessary games. According 
to Head Coach Melissa Jarrell, this 
is exactly what the Tritons are 
doing. Tuesday, UCSD (6-2) swept 
Redlands 3 -0 and 4-1. 

"The teams we can beat, we're 
beating. We've got to continue to 
do that," Jarrell said. 

The Tritons waited ix inning 

in the opener before gelting on the 
scoreboard. 

"We were hitting the ball well. 
We were just hitting the ball right 
at someone," she said. " [ wish we 
cored sooner in the first game." 

Second baseman Stephanie 
Molina was 2-for-4 in the first 
game, while shortstop Dana 
Chaiken had two stolen bases in 
the opener, and three for the day. 

UCSD came out a little more 
fired up in the second game. 

"We've s taned to be a little 
more aggressive at the plate," 

Jarrell said. "Offense is still what 
we need to key on." 

Sophomore Kim Stutzman 
staned the first game, but was re-
placed by junior Dianna Moreno 
who took the win. Senior Kathy 
Fogg pitched the entire second 
game. 

"Fogg stumbled the first couple 
of innings ... [but] she pitched seven 
trong innings," Jarre ll aid. 

Kira Reinhart was l -for-3 with 
two RBIs in the second game. 

"For our first road trip, I think 
we did pretty well," Jarrell aid. 

Dan McUowell/Ciuard,an 
Denise Obrero and the Tritons 
have won six games in a row. 



, r 

10 SPORTS 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 9 

Jay Warren set well off the 
bench, and Chris Romey, filling in 
for Lamson Lam, came through 
with some out tanding play at the 
net. 

"They didn't play like econd 
srring at all," junior outside hitler 
Gerry Goldstein said. 

Despite the reserves' play, the 
players still described the match as 
sloppy, Goldstein called it "ugly 
volley ball on both sides of the net." 

The Tritons went ahead early 
on the strength of Lawrence 
Werner's serving, which caused 
the Aztecs to shank and pass poor! y. 

"Their passing was not consis-
tent, orthe hitting," Gold tein aid, 

recalling the Aztecs' inability to 
,eep their spikes in bounds during 
he first game. 

The tide, however, turned on 
UCSD, as the Tritons developed 
their own hitting and passing 
problems. In a battle of streaks,the 
games went back and forth, until 
the closely matched fifth game, 

With both team gaining mo-
mentum in the final game, a con-
troversial call appeared to hift the 
game in theAztecs' favor for good. 
. A spike from Lamson Lam was 
called long, to the Tritons' heated 
protest. 

Rather than pulling the Tritons 
within one point at 11-10, UCSD 
fell behind 12-9. The Tritons, 
however, made no excuses after 
the game. 

1/1 OFf 
Perms &. Highlights 

And alt chemlal work. Long halr extra.. 
F1rst-dm~ dtents. 

We sped~1u In ~11i:)(7ns 01 hlShllSMnS &. 
CDlOIIns &. IonS ~r petms. 

_BM IIEr.5 
Manicures, Pedicures &. Faclalsl 

4130 La Jolla 
VIllage Dr. 
Suite *208 

457 .. 2004 
(next to Anthony's) 

Open 7 days a week 
Exp. 3/14/91 

Voted .... laotlng yogo.<! averall ~the QoIden tkI>a!e' 
-MfI'Opohfon rrogo>In • . June II/Q() Yogurt Tos,.1 .. , 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

1/1.' · " .' · 2 f 1 Buy a single or double • · 0 r scoop Ice cream and . • : p'~~:I=or: 
• La Jollo colony 1770 flegent. fld .. # 108 (In the Vons SIlopplng Cente,' 11 om-IO'="s..n.n-..s : • 
• One COYPOn per customer E.oo!*eo 3/31'11. 110m-II pmFrl a Sot • ~ ............................•.•.... 

Just 2 hours a week can change 
the life of an "at-risk" child. 
VOLUNTEER 
WlTHA.S.K. aSk 

..... - ... -

Play on 
our team! 

.•• RESPOND TO THE CHALLENGE. .. 
- We offer many ways to help using a minimal time 

commitment. 
- Applications/information available at the Volunteer 

Connection, 534-1414. 
- Talk to A.S.K. Committee: M-Th, 7-9 p.m. 

APPLICATIONS FOR SPRING QUARTER 
ARE DUE FRIDAY, MARCH 8th 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I . 30 TAN DAYS $.29 I ~~~~ Call for delails • 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a t81T'4lO13IY .... toeS ~ ~ ceUte and stretcl\ maIks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct,I204 
455-0909 Expires 3/28/91 

flt, iLm,lI () (II. Y J :JCrl 

The UCSD Guardian 

GOLDSTEIN 
Continued from p-sae 9 
one is demo1i hing you. He never 
taunts or shows off, just takes you 
apart piece by piece. 

"Give him a taste of his own 
medicine," you think to yourself. 
You crush your best spike his way. 

He digs you. Again and again. 
It's over now. You want to find 

that guy, but he's not celebrating. 
He's back to the mellow stuff, 

JUSt minding his own business. 
Where'd he go? 

• 
"Ileamed [to play] on the beach 

in the eleventh grade. I'd go surf-
ing, and when I was done, there'd 
be people playing two-on-two on 
the beach." 

"Taft and Chatswonh were the 
big volleyball schools. My high 
school [Calabasas] didn ' t have a 
team. I'd go walch Pepperdineand 
[CSU] Nonhridge play indoors, 
and I'd always dream of playing 
college ball," Goldstein said. 

So here he is captain of the 
UCSDmen'steam,playingagainst 
the likes of Pepperdine and CSU 
Nonhridge. Not necessarily win-
ning, but playing nonetheless. 

"I had the talent, but my skills 
were raw. I guess [Head Coach] 
Digger [Graybill] saw I had po-
tential. ldidn 't understand six-man 
volleyball," Goldstein said. 

"I'm used to being a quiet player 
on the coun. Now I've got the 
responsibility of gelling everyone 
going besides myself," he said, 

THE 

r (.() 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 

regarding his status a team captain. 
He defines leadership by ex-

ample. He won ' t talk about himself 
unless it is elf-criticism. 

Goldstein explained that the 
constant shoulder swings required 
for spiking stretch the tendons. The 
injury is common to many volley-
ball players. Goldstein, however, 
won't let it stop him. 

"It huns during garnes, but it's 
in the back of my mind," he said. 

Everything but the point at hand 
is in the back of his mind during 
matches. He's quiet, but if you 
watch him closely, you'll see the 
intensity pouring out of him. 

As little as he'll say about 
himself, plenty of other people have 
praise for him. But Gerry Goldstein 
probably wouldn't want to hear it. 

II 
DED. 

Touchdown. NeXT's newest and most affordable machine is here. • 
Stop in for a hands-on demonstration of the revolutionary NcXfstationN 
computer. And go where no computer has gone before. 

.... IIW...... ... .s:;;S» 
...... 1Ee IIWE!!~-'- .. lEe..,. .. 

--. -. . . --. -. . . . . . . -. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -. . -. . -

L JI'- -=jl: ] 
I " II I I '. 1(,. I 

-r .. DAY_ 
... :at .... - 4 ....... 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM - 6 PM AND SAT lOAM - 4 PM 

,. "n' I .v ~ ~ f " 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 The D Guardian SPORTS 11 

UCSD Crew Commited to Matching Past Success 
• Preview: The 
UCSD crew teams are 
Coming off impressive 
performances in 1990 
By Aaron Friedland 
Siaff Writer 

" ommitmem to Excellcn e:' 
"Be the best yo u an be." 

logans be t as 0 iated with Al 
Davi and the U .. Anny. But 
UC D men's crew Head Coach 
Mike Shannon isn't bashful about 
applying tho e phrases to the Tri-
ton. 

"There i a strong en e of 
commitment on the team," he aid. 
" Instead of ;,euing numeri al goal , 
we try to perfoml beller than the 
ea on before." 

hannon did nore, however, that 
la t season's team performed "head 
and shou Iders above any ot her crew 
team in UCSD hi tory ." 

The 1989-90 team won all of it 
dual meets and took fin place at 
the San Diego City Champion-
-hip. 

This year's quad will include 
three men' crew boat, featuring 
eight returning varsity oarsmen. 
Among them are two four-year 
rowers, John Burke and Jeff Hull, 
who have a pi rations of making 
the national rowing team. Annette 
Branger ha moved up from the 
junior var ity to become the num-
ber one varsity boat coxswain. 

"Crew is a sport of balance. 
There aren t any outstanding 
people or prima donnas. In eight-
man crew, teamwork is the key," 
Shannon sa id. 

"We have a good system of 
teaching rowing ' l>kills," he ~aid. 
"That , along with the extreme 
dedication 10 rowing that has 
grown, especially overthe last four 
years, are the team's strengths." 

Oneofthe handicaps the Tritons 
will have to overcome is a slight 
lack of size. Shannon noted that 
rowers are generally large, between 
6'2" and 6'6" tall. But this year's 
team is relatively small. 

Shannon al 0 noted that UCSD 
lacks oarsmen with experience. 
"Cal, Stanford, Washington , 
Harvard - they've all got guys 
who have been rowing for four 10 
six years. Often, ournovices barely 
know what an oar is. 

"We hope to be grand finalists 
in the Pacific Coast Champion-
ships, finishing in the top five. La t 
year, we finished 10th out of 40 
teams on the West Coast," Shannon 
said. "We also hope to beat USD 
and San Diego State again, and 
retain our city championship." 

• Afternoon piano lessons. 

~I/~ne~~kyor 
9riuolous 9[ash.? 
• 14 10 12()() 
• Cubic 

Zirconia 

UTC 

• c.ulum~ 
:/.-1ry 

""""'1'/aM ia __ the 
... .--., 
c.r.r. wlichia 
_In the 
ea.v ... 
Shappng-

L.....--a:::"B'" I 457·1523 

File Photo 
Emily Ford is one of six new 
rowers on the women 's varsity 
number one boat. 

Weekend violin recitals. Nervous 
trombone solo. Learning to row? 

UCSD women's crew Head 
oach Jack Vallerga compared 

learning the pon of rowing to 
learning a mu ical in trumen!. 

"The technique of rowing is 
painful and difficult to learn," he 
said. "But once rveryone in the 

boat has got the timing and the 
technique.. . all the rower can 
work in harmony and make Ihe 
boat go fa I." 

The I 91 Triton' will ha ve a 
toug h time equaling the perfor-
man e of las t year' team. That 
team hit very few flat notes, fin-
ishing with a \ inning record and a 
victory at the Oxnard Regatta. 

Although everalmembersfr m 
la t year' team either graduated 
or left to sludy abroad. allerga 
still has big e. pectations. 

"The experienced rower and 
the novice rowers have merged 
well so far," he aid . 

Vallerga reditedjunior varsity 
coac h Robin Lyboldt for her 
preparation of the novice team, 
whichhasall wedlhenovi erow-
er to make a mooth transi tion to 
the var ity level. 

The number one var ity boat is 
expec ted to include -rica 
o trander, Amy Wright, Megan 
Rider, GmcePedilla, HeatherGray, 

require a good portfolio and exposure to the 
right people. If you are serious about 
modeling, there is a way to be seen by over 
1,500 Advertising DeSigners , Photographers 
and Artists in San Diego. It's easy, just have 
your picture published in Freelance Quarterly 
and be seen for just pennies per contact. We 
also offer · Professional · Portfolio 
assistance. For details call ... 
I.D.Graphlcs. 268-811. 

MODEL: OAWNA ALBRECHT 

~l~ 
CON'!ECT 

The UCSD Program ill TechllOlogy 
and Entreprmeurship 

How to Start and Manage a High-Tech Company 
Wednesdays, April 10 through May 15, 1991,7·9 p.m. 
Participants wiU learn ·about the components that lead 

to the fpunding, survival and success of a new business 
venture. Featuring high-tech entrepreneurs as guest 
lecturers and role-playing. 

Instructor: Timothy J. Wollaeger 
A successful manager and entrepreneur, Wollaeger is 

President & CEO of the Sutter Corporation and a 
General Partner in Biovest Partners (the seed venture 
capital firm which founded five San Diego high·tech 
companies). 
Fee: $155; free to 20 UCSD Juniors and Seniors. Call 
x46114 to register 

Get th£ txst information on 
studentlbudget international 
~I eYer, call or COI'Tle by for 
the ~ 

on Ytak, study and 
~lIing ebroed~nd it's FREEl 

ca.. ad 
UC:SO Price CenI!r 

(by the Post Offic~) 

kilk"· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific leach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup Exdw1ge 

-------- 451 0630 71"idou~ 7f.l3hCOUPON • 
_ ~ ~.!"!.fII!,~ _.J. ===========~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Emily Ford, Wendy Conner. Erin 
Adam . and oxswain Heather 

arlson. Only Rider and Gray are 
returning varsity rowers . 

"I'd say thaI right now, we're 
abou t 75 percent ready for the ea-
son," Vallerga said. "Instead or 
rowing at about 28 stroke. per 
minute, we need to get that up 10 
ab ut40. That will come in time." 

Vallerga added that although 
thi year' team is generally small 
in ize, uperior technique and 
dedication to hard worl.. ;, hollid 
give the Tritons the edge again~t 

80 percent of its competition. 
The bigge t problem for Ihe 

Tritons wi II come against the larger 
s hools. ~ ho feature, naturally , 
larger rowers. 

"Th' big Di vision I teams have 
big Divi s ion I- type athletes," 
Vallerga said. "We have to hope 
that they make an error against us 
and thai we can take advantage of 
Ihat. ,. 

LA - last year's We~tCoast 
champion - C Davi s, and Mills 

ollege are expected to provide 
th toughe~t tests for the Triton'. 

6 c:assettes. ~t 1 free CD* • t CDts. iel 1 free CD* 
*08 approfal • No limit 

Laritst used CD IMentory In U.S, • USlenlnii zones 

~ MUSIC TRADER 
--~f 7094 Miramar Rd . 693-1469 
";· 5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUAliFIED STUDENTS 
D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 Balboa Avenue, Ste. 215 
S!ln Diego, CA 92111 



f , 

12 CLASSIFIED 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides warmth, 
education, prayer, socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Students I 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521. (117·3/15) 
'You can no more win a war than you can 
win an eat1hquake.' Jeannette Rankin 
(1880-1973) (1/17-3114) 
Boost your resume! Pick up an applicallon 
for the Golden Key National Honor Society 
at USB 4000. Appl ications due March 
20th. JUniors and sentors with minimum 
3.4 GPA are eligible. (1128-3/14) 
When seconds count, breathe a lottie easier 
With MICRO·MED. The mocroftlm medical 
1.0 . C rd that could poSSibly save your 
hfe! MICRO·MED ls an asset to everyone's 
life younglold,lII,weli . Call Gabrielle (619) 
546-8014. (2111·2128) 
Third College students Interested In writing 
for and working on a student run college 
newspaper, stop by the Third College 
Dean's OHlce, or call 534·4390. (2114·21 
28) 
JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales from a true 
professional and you will never worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomores 
- Juniors - Sentors - Attend Bob 
latrate's seminar March 2. See ad pg. 3. 
(2119·2128) 
Wednesdays are UCSD nighf at LJ 
Brewery. From 8:30 tiff closing you can get 
$1 .75 PlOts of the best beer in San Diego. 
One taste and you 'lI come back for more. 
And don't forget, tell 'em the Guardian 
sent you.(2121·3114) 
Freel Aikido demonstration and open 
house. Saturday March 2nd. 2·4 p.m. 
Special mtroduC1ory course during March. 
MW6-7 p.m., $60 mcludes uniform. Learn 
the Japanese martial art ot AikidO at a 
traditional school. Sunset Cliffs Aikido IS 
affiliated with the UCSD Aikido Club. 
Sunset Cliffs Aikido, 5085 Santa Monica 
Avenue. Ocean Beach, 222-5085. (2125-
2126) 
ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? Volunteer 
for FREE research stUdies evaluating 
medications for anxiety. All services are 
free to SUi table volunteers. t 6 or older. call 
Feighner Research Institute at 554-
0100. (2125-317) 
Use my word processor (WP 5.0) on 
eXChange 10rSIlling In my art gallery on Del 
Mar. Neatness and pleasantnessrequlred. 
Regular schedule and 3·4 hour time blocks 
preferred. Call 755-2494. (2125-2128) 
South Coast Volleyball ClaSSIC. March 2 
at Jewish Community Center. 2 person 
grass volleyball tournament featuring 
mens, womens, fraternity, and sorority 
divisions. Sign up at booth in Price Center. 
All proceeds go to PUSH, the National 
philanthropy of Pi Kappa PhI. Sponsored 
in part by Sideout. Volley World. and Ihe 
Righi Connecllon. For more info call 587· 
0761. (2128) 
It's comingl The UCSD Bookstore 
Sidewalk Salel Save 20%·60% on New 
Spring Clothlngl March 16·22. (2126-3/4) 
International Students Lunch Fri. March 1. 
Baked Potatoes with toppings International 
Student Center $2. (2128) 
Support our service people In the Persian 
Guill Come to the neutral SOS Fair 
tomorrow from It to 4 in Iront of WLH. 
Information, food, and bunons and T-Shirts 
for sale. (2126) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
Discounts. 558·46441226-1962. (1117-31 
14) 

... 

~CoovoySt 
Keamy Mesa 
576-8542 

13 
32nd a Main 
San Otego 

281-9083 

12 
t 800 B Rosecrans 

PI. Lorna 
225-0279 

" 3443 UnivefSlly 
North ParIt 
280-9883 

• We bag every comic 
• Games & Cards 
• We offer Free Discounts 
• In s10re Slbsc:riplion service 
• We're open un1i17 p.m. every day 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified adv rrising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3fOt'fa UllY and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monda's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thur day's is ue. The Guardian reserves Ihe 
right (0 r iu e any advertising includillg but not limit d to companionship ads. For 
mOre information call 534,5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, lOp floor. 

PASSPORT PICTURES" New at Cal 
Copy. Only$5.95. While you wall. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germalns. 452-9949. 
(1122·616) 

8mm TRANSFER"I Convert 6mm films 
to VHS. For one low price l Call now1619· 
272-0868. (1126·2126) 

COMPUTER RENTALS. Dat/y, weekly, 
monthly rates. Hourly rentals on·sile by 
appointment Close to UCSD. 561·6892 
(217-2126) 

TAX PREPARATION. Very accurate and 
reliable. Close to campus and student 
discounts. Call MIKE: 556-7653 (217-31 
11 ) 

Have you rec IVed your W·2 form yet? If 
not, notify your employer because you 
may quality for an income tax refund. Fond 
out more. Just took for the Student Tax 
Servoce ad on today's Guardian. (211 4-2126) 

JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales from a true 
profeSSional and you Will never worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomores 
- JUniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 
latrate's semmar March 2. See ad pg. 3. 
(2119-2128) 

Math tutoring. Competent. caring help for 
those overwhelmed. Don't be distressed. 
Studentrates, call, 463·7816. (2119-3/1 I) 

FACIAL, BODYWRAP. WAXING . 
LASHTINT, 20% olt hrst Ume chents. 
Pinwheels Costa Verde, 556·1 858. (2119-
317) 

Mosquito Auto Rep.'r . Subaru & 
Hondas. By appointment. Best rates In 
North County. 15 years professional 
experience. 756-2332. (212 I -4/11) 

UPHOLSTERY BY GALE. Boats, 
Furniture, Cushions. Pillows. Reasonable 
rates. OceanSide 756-2332.(2121-4/1 f) 

GETYOUR MOTOR RUNNINGI Low cost 
tune ups- 4 cyl. $29.99, 6 cyl. $39.99, 
includes spark plugs, timing adj., 
carburetor adj. Smog Check only $19.99. 
C&D AUTO-CARE. 558·2436.(2121-311 4) 

WORD PROCESSING everything from 
term papers to resumes. 24 HOUR 
SERVICE AVAILABLE, 7-DAYSAWEEK. 
450·0812. (2119·317) 

GREAT DEALS IN EYECAREI Daily soft 
contacts $69, extended wear lenses $89, 
selected glasses $39 - includes exam. 
care kit, and follow upl See Guardian ad 
for Dr. John McDonald - locations in 
Claire mont 279-5858 and Kensington 263-
5658. (2125·3/1 4) 

Word Processing- Sludent papers & 
resumes. Rush okay. Experienced . 
Studnel pricing . Call InpuVOutput at 587-
0060. (2126-4/11) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (6Hl%), a"er 
COfl1lIeung metr course wor\(. remain wdh 
a dlssertatoon pending completIOn Indell-
flItely. Among these ABDs iAII·B: Hhe-
Dissertation) are generally found the 
bnghtesl and most creatIVe candidates. 
Addressong those elements rlvolved In de-
laYIng compfetoon. the WOIfIshop guides 
partICIpants, from begtnrvng to 100Iowing 
through and co~tlOn. parucutariy a"er 
years 01 tnaCltvrty and regardless of where 
they are In the process. 

WOI1<shop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? Volunteer 
for FREE research studies evaluating 
medications for anxiety. All serviceS are 
free to suitable volunteers. 16 or older, call 
FeIghner Research Institute al 554-
0100 (2125-317) 
Typtng,word proceSSing. Term papers, 
theses. resumes. Near school. reasonable 
prices. 453·05921291-9008. (2125·3114) 
Your time is precious -let me do it! Word 
processing, desktop publishing-papers, 
flyers, resumes, newsletters, etc. Pickupl 
delivery. Student rates. Call sue at 291-
1355. (2125·2126) 
FREE FACIAL. Let me show you best 
products on market today. Call 457-5038 
for appointment. (2128) 

TYPING AND EDITING. I check spelling, 
grammar, punC1uation and style. Fast turn 
around. 755-9498. (2126) 

Word processingl Typlng! Editing from my 
home. Quick, accurate, discreet. Reports, 
ms .. thesis, corres., resumes, scientific 
and technical. Daisywheel pnnter, disk 
storage. Per page or hourly rate. 563-
0087. (2125·3/14) 

AUTO REPAIR YOU CAN AFFORD with 
the Guardian ad for Suspension Plus ! 
FREE inspections and alignment checks 
and low cost specials on brakes, oil 
changes, and more. Close to C'.ampus on 
Miramar Rd. 556-6562. (2126-3/11) 

Papers typed! Ouick and affordable. From 
$2Ipg . Call LJ Colony Resumes & 
ProfeSSional Typing. 455·6357. Laser 
pnnhng I 60 typestyles to choose from I 
One day service avallable.(2126-3/14) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL : 
Experienced. Word Processing with editing 
for reports, manusCripts. resumes, 
dissertations and letters. Student Rates. 
Modem. Laser printer. 9-7 Mon.-Fri. 
Weekend appointments. 753·5964. 1521 
Summit Ave .. CardiH. (2128) 

WANTED 
Need C.sh? We deliver! Domino's Pizza 
is now hiring lor all positions. Management 
opportunities available. Complete Iralning 
program. If you are 16 years old, have a 
valid drivers license, aulo insurance, an 
excellent driving record, and access 10 a 
car, you can: Earn up to $101 hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy lhe freedom of being on the 
road. work flexible hours. APPL YTODAYI 
Domono's Piua UCSD 321t Holiday Ct. 
452·UCSD. Please apply after 3p.m. (1/ 
10-616) 
Best Fundraisers On-Campus. Is your 
fraternity, sorority or club is inlerested in 
earning $500.00-$I ,OOOforaone week, 
on-campus marketing project? You must 
be well organized and hard working . Lena 
(600) 592-2121. (2125-2126 

SMOG 
CHECK $19.99 

plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

lncIuIM: 
.,.,... 

........ -' 
--.... ... ..... 

c ............... uo.oo_ 

CaDAlitoc.. 
eeeo __ Rd., ..... C 

' ........ 1111 __ ' 
.. .,...., CA 1112:1. 
(11.) •• 1 14M 

Summer management Internsh ip 
interviews now taking place. Gainvaluable 
experience managing a team of 
employees, customers, and suppliers. 
SuccessfUl applicants will undergo 
extensive training. Average summer 
earnings range $6-15,000. Call ·Student 
Painters· for Information. 1-800-426·6441 . 
(1122-3/11 ) 

Medical and Graduate students-help tutor 
Medical Students in Basic Sciences 
starting March 19, 1991 . Earn $15/hr. 
COntaC1 Dave Hacker 714-656-4037. (11 
31-3/4) 

Tired of low wages and long hours? Do 
you want to earn more? (619) 758,4602. 
(214-4125) 

I need 200 people deSiring wealth without 
the corporate rat race. Call 271-4940 for 
informalion. 271 -4940 (217-512) 

FULL TIME RESEARCH ASSISTANT-
SHIP PSYCHIATRY DEPT. UC IRVINE 
1-2 YEAR POSITION. Stal lst lcal , 
computer, Clinical, research experience 
prelerable. Work with PET, MRI data. For 
more Information call : Chad (714) 856-
7661 . (2114-2126) 
Part time help needed for busy postal 
bUSiness. Apply 7770 Regents Rd . #113 . 
(Von's Center). (2119-2128) 
Wanted: SubjeC1s from the New England 
area needed for music perception 
e1perimenl. No music experience 
necessary. Sl0/hour. Call 558·1385. (21 
25·2126) 
College Pro Painters - North America's 
largest sludent house painting company 
IS now accepfing applications for summer 
management internships. Successful 
applicants will receive extensive training 
and gain valuable management 
experience. Average summer earnings 
range from $8000-$12000. Branches are 
filling fasl . So act now. <;all College Pro 
Painters today 1-600-862-2762. (2121-3/ 
4) 

CREATIVE guitar player looking to form 
band or enter existing one. Needs 
addi tional guitar, bass, drummer, and 
singer. Keyboards welcome. Looking to 
playtwrite Originals and do cover songs. 
No Reggae, Dead or Beatles fanatics. 
Call Dave at 558·3705. (2125-3/4) 
Lovely Washington D.C. TENNIS CLUB 
NEEDS assistant pros for summer. 
Experience teaChing junior camps and 
adults required. Teach members of 
congress, White House, and media. Very 
exciting. Coach Kemper - Box 2228 
Rancho Sanle Fe, CA 92067. (619) 759-
0735. (2125-2126)) 
Restauranl at La Jolla Beach hiring , 
counter help, part time $5.25 and up, no 
experience necessary, KEVIN 454·8038 . 
(2125-2128) 

FreucJToy 
Need a good analyst? 

t-ur P .. '\.hl~llrI'I " t',\"tkl ... ~"I .. 
~~.:~lh~;~:~~~~: ;I~~·1h·lhJr\.. n 

.mJ "urm,tl r'!-'prk hltt 
524.95 • S1 I!"h'rr'n~ 

FreudT 0' tnf. 
Il , .. II ' 1\11 ... OCIOO · fI 1 limon ~u;arr \\or'-I 
I..Jpo.~ ,lullinF' full .:1)1('1' ~Ullt.: Nli \ 
~ ......... · Oh"'I'I~ I=I "I""1 ,~'" " (lf~ . '.1\ IOC ... " 

oW rrom F«udToy tnc 

Freudian Slips 
ot<p.ld, IhJI t.1 )OU 

'J)' IA hJI '- reali, 
on ~our mntd. 

~ notepad' S 19 95 
hlpptn~ ~ 

S11.95 

Thursday, February 28,1991 

WRITER. Felicitous style to ediVrewrite 
sections - contemporary book on 
educational reform. Send sample letter on 
subject plus salary prelerencel page M· 
King Box 1296 Solana Beach 92075.(21 
26) 

Outdoor leaders needed for UCSC 
Wilderness Orientation Program Aug & 
Sept. Apply at Student Employment.(21 
2B) 

TUTOR : La Jolla Family seeks 
experienced tulor for 9 yr. old 3rd grader. 
Must ha\le reading, English and math skills. 
Hours: 4pm·6pm, Mon-Fri. $1 OIhour. Pro or 
experience and credentials, plus 
references a must. Call Dawn 23 t ·9501 . 
(2128-314) 

Help wanted: I need a friendly VOice in my 
house to answer phone lor my small 
business. (if it ever rings). TV, nintendo, 
personal phone, will help you pass the 
time while you should be working, or at 
least doing some homework. I need 2-3 
part timers to cover the week. Flexible 
schedule, call today and leave a message, 
468-6520. (2126) 

FOR SALE 
Futon - beautiful color, special frame, 
upgraded features, includes tables, n_, 
sacrifice $95, can deliver 226·1398. (214-
2126) 

'81 Jeep CJ7 4cyl. 53K runs great. soft 
tope, many x-tras. Must sell to pay for 
Spring Otr. $4250. Call Darold 271-
6811 .(2114-3/14) 

Hey Beginnersl 2 used surfboards: 6'4' 
only $75 each. Wetsuits 1001 Call 558-
6037. (2121-317) 

STING TICKETS! ForMarch30th concert. 
Call 297-8457 (evenings). (2125-2128) 

Red Honda Spree. Immaculate matching 
helmet. U -Iock. 60 mpg. $450. Francis, 
755·5856. (2125-2126) 

SCOOTER. 1985 Honda Elite60cc. UCSD 
parking permit. $450 O.B.O. Heather 558-
2374. (2128·314) 

Scorpions concert March 11. First row, 
lower level seats next to stage. Call Alex 
456-9645. (2/25·317) 

'89 Red Honda Elite LX (SA50); IN 
EXCELLENT CONDITION. Parking permil 
included. $650.00. Carli (455-0261). (21 
25-3/4) 

Nissan Pulsar NX 1984, P.B. PIS, 
moonrool, new tires, battery, 111,000 
miles, $1950. Mike 453·2266. (2125·2128) 
64 VW GTI Snrf, AC, New Trans, clutch, 
tires, battery. Alarm, smog certfct $4000 
obo. 944-5723.(2I28-3/4) 

12-Speed SR Racing ProAm, Blue, 5Bcm, 
GranCoupe Brakes, Fuji Cranks, Sunlour 
Derailleurs, $360 obo. 755-6793.(2126-31 
7) 

1985 Kawasaki GPZ550 New Tires, New 
Chain, New Sprocket, Paid $900, Sell 
$700 abo. 755-8793.(2128-317) 

ZENITH SUPERSPORT LAPTOP AND 
EPSON 24 PIN PRINTER. 20MB HD, 3.5' 
lloppy, internal modem, battery, software, 
carrying case, printer cable, manual. All 
for $1000. Please call 454·6431 leave 
message.(2128-317) 

CarAmplitier ·SpeciaiEdition"A2100.100 
WattslCh at .03% THD (Have receipts) 
$175. Also, ported subwoofer box 
professionally built to formula wlfour 8 
inch poly woofers $250. Time 793-2627. 
(2126) 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENING 

SPECIAL 
2.9¢ per copy 

unlimi'ed . 20 tb. Wll 
U I IEIIIgIIOIIII-a c 
s ,~. J~Dr . .! I D Ut 

I UTe {!,-
9360 Towne Centre Dr. SIC. 130 

Sill Diego, CA 92121 
554-1200 
CJoojI ... WWtI 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 

For Sale. Ponllac Bonneville. 1967, great 
condition, new starter and belts $1500. 
Call 557-0463. (2I28·317) 
1987 Honda Elite Scooter CH250 with 
RadiO, Trunk. Actual 450 miles $2500. 
(619) 942- t 263. (2128) 

Io-SPEEDS FOR SALEI Nishiki Comp II 
5230. Roadmaster $80. Both In great 
condition . Andy 546·9304 .(2126) 

RTPlana TICket toOakland.Lvs 317 returns 
3/11. $70. Need to sell! Call 558-9065.(21 
28-3/4) 

RoundTripticket. San Dieg~NewYork. 
$250. Leave March 16, Return March 24. 
Call 573-0447.(2126-317) 
Medium oak dining table with four chairs; 
excellent condition: $350. Call 455-
0450.(2126) 

1976 Rat Spyder- Red converlible. Good 
tires, top, interior, runs good. $1600 firm . 
Eve 679-8462.(2126) 

HOUSING 
Townhouse available immediately, near 
UCSD, $900 per month. Call 272·6506. 
(2125,3114) 

MlF Nonsmoker to share 2 bdr. , 1 1/2 bath 
furnished townhouse apt. near campus, 
pool, jacuzzi, canyonview. $350/mo., 112 
utilities plus deposit. Available March 1 st. 
Call Londa at 558-9025. (2111-2128) 

Large master bedroom available near 
UCSD. Private bath. sundeck, washerl 
dryer. Available now through end of June. 
$430 Slnglel$5oo double occupancy + 11 
3 utilities. 259·1629. (2/ 19-3115) 
Roommate Wanted (M/F)!! Own furn ished 
room in spacious bl-Ievel condo 15 min. 
fromUCSD . ln·house washerldryer, cable 
TV, poolljacuzzl ; all amenities! $310Imo., 
no utilities. Call Steve 271-6611. (2121·31 
4) 
LA JOLLA CONDO : 3 bedrooms, 
dishwasher, laundry, more! 5 minutes to 
UCSD! $1 050/month. 558-2376. (2125·21 
28) 
Room mate Wanted . Own room in 3 
bedroom condo. $315.113 util. Avail. late 
March. 558-0571 . (2/25-2/26) 
Mira Mesa. Responsible student to share 
4 bedroom home. Own room $280. Call 
549·3971 . (2125·3/14) 
FREEl UTC. Bedroom/bath/pool. For 
lema Ie who Will teach me Japanese. 
Message 491-2097. (2125·2128) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $275. 1 or 2 females 
to share nice 3 bedroom house (own 
rooms). 10 min. to UCSD. Washer/dryer, 
patio, piano. No smokers, drugs, pets. 
Call Mark at 534-2391 (message: 534-
3363). (2125-2126) 

Own room in Del Mar. 1 block to beach. 
Avail 411 (or over spring break). Female, 
$350 + 1/4 utilities. Pool . sauna. hot tUb, 
dose to school. Call Kristin 793·0207. (21 
28-317) 
Room for rent In PaCIfiC Beach. $360 per 
month, available April. Don or Tony 581-
3323. (2126-3114) 

CARDIFF- Room for Rent, overlookong 
ocean, house. wash. sunny, clean, great 
roommales, JeHllisa 633-1786. (2126-31 
4) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST CAT - LIGHT ORANGE Female 
long hair $100 reward ' OPIE : Mesa 
housing area. Jack 558-0938. (1 /26·2126) 
LOST Gold ring , familycrestand inscription 
on lace . High sentimental value, reward. 
Jim 554-0373. (2/19-411) 
Lost : 2/22- Blue Topazl diamond 
engagement nng. Lost near Mandeville. 
Please return. Reward! Jen 259·6147.(21 
28) 

PERSONALS 
Third College students Interested in wroting 
for and working on a student run college 
newspaper, stop by the Third College 
Dean's OHlce, or call 534-4390. (2114-21 
28) 

JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales Irom a true 
professional and you will never worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomores 
- Juniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 
latrate's seminar March 2. See ad pg. 3. 
(2119-2126) 
Hey Beginners! 2 used surfboards: 6'4' 
only $75 each . Wetsu lts too! Call 556-
6037. (2121·317) 
Sigma Nu and Phi Kappa Thela. countong 
the days until Fridayl From Alpha Omicron 
Pi.(2I28) 

ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? Volunteer 
for FREE research studies evaluatong 
medications for anxiety. All services are 
Iree 10 suitable volunteers. 16 or older, calf 
Feighner Research Institute at 554 · 
0100. (2125,317) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Men'S Basketball Team: Good luck in Ihe 
NCAA finals! - Triton Dance Team.(21 
26) 

Had enough of weak, watered down beer? 
Want a beer that wilt scintillate the old 
taste buds? The La Jolla Brewery makes 
four beers that will please the mosl 
discerning palate. Check it out. and tell 
them that the Guardian sent you l (212 1-31 
14) 

After Rnals. Sting concert tickets. March 
30th. good seats. need money. must sell. 
Alex 458-9645 . (2125·3/4) 

Spend Spring Break in JACKSON HOLE 
with RISCO Rvedays oflncredlbte powder, 
sun, and lunl Tickets available at Box 
Office, but they're goong fast I Details call 
534-4462 or 273·2145. (2125·2126) 
Southcoast Volleyball Classic. March 2; 
JeWish Community Center, near UCSD. 
Sponsored by Pi Kappa Phi to benefit 
People Understandong the Severely 
Handicapped. Call 567-0761 to sign up 
and play. (2126) 
Hey Sig·EpslLast Friday's exchange was 
great!Thanks for an awesome night! Love, 
Sigma Kappa.(2126) 

Sigma Chi : Sigma Kappa is psyched for 
our eXChange Saturday night l We're gonna 
rag91(2I28) 

To our awesome Sigma Kappa Sister of 
the Week Leslie Satta-Congratulations " 
We love you!(2I26) 

Congratulations to the women's basketball 
team on a great season! - Triton Dance 
Team.(2126) 

It's coming I The UCSD Bookstore 
Sidewalk Sale l Save 20%·60% on New 
Sprong Clothing I March 16·22. (2126-314) 
Women's novice crew: It's time to learn 
the meaning of R.Y.B.O. Good luck against 
Cal Poly. Coach.(2I26) 

UCSD Women 's Crew: We truly are the 
most 'stunning" crew on the west coast . 
Now let's show Cal Poly how VICIOUS we 
arel R.Y.B.O.! Em.(2126) 

Wanted : Stimulating (I hope) 
correspondence with broght, braony , 
Interesting women ages 20-35. Wrote 
Sonny 0 .. P.O.Box 369, Iowa City. IA 
52244 .(2126-4115) 

Heather, Emily. and Laura, doesn't Ben 
and Jerry's sound really. really good. right 
now? Ice cream cravings anyone? 
Besides, procrastination is a good thing I 
(2128) 

• You could 
get free 
tuitiOn. 
Free books. 
A great job. 

Kansas City's exciltng mJJU1Ct S(hools arC hiring the finc,t Il'3cheN around 
We know thq are Iht he>!, oo..'lu;e \\C 
arc nu"lng ,urr lhey ~I An outllJndlng 
l-dUC'dlion 

II Iou arc con.\ldenng a C3rl'Cr on ,cachong. 
you might quahfy for our te\\aRhnj( Tl':lcher 
TUl1Ion A",'L1nee Prow-dm What" In II 
for you' 

• Frtt tuition at tk school of your cool« 
• Frttbooks 
• A guarantttd position with Amaica·. 

blaesl, most ambitious magnet 
school )'Stem 

All "e a,k In r"lum " your thrl'\' lear 
wmmltml'(lt 10 tl'ath one of lhcl(' theme!) 
In our unoque Magne, xhooll of ChOtec 

You'lIll\c on KJn"" CII) . MI\'<lI!n. famou~ 
ror tJ7./ . harix,<,ue. cil"dn dlf. parh founlaln' 
anti 10" tdXl"> plu, a co", o( h"on~ In the 
h)wt,t 1(Y1, of ml1ro ,Irea, 

i 

, 

All we ask is 
a piece of 

tf ylll! Jrc d mill'!!" "udenl on Ihe U.S 
L'flICnnj( )IlOr ",nlOf year. a M"ll~' 
p"'RrJm. or pul"Ulng I("Achcr (cnofiC'Jllon. 
f'lI! C(lI!id he nAP matcnal 

Comelalk II over with us. 
A rC[lfL'\('(llal"'c of Ihe I(;on."" CII)'. 
Mi~"1IJn Schoul o.."n<1 Will he """Ing 
your C'A mpus on our ~,,~ > ~ Date 

.mm 'f; ·o Time' l.ncItion: 
~ J ~ \. ":=~!:" ..:::.~-=:~ -... For IIIOft kIb ......... cal 

Dw'B7l-~ i 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

---, 

UCSD: 
SPECIAL : 

10%1 
discount: 

with I 
I 

this I 
ad I I 

___ .J 279·2434 
-

Congratulations 
Stephanie A wegan 
Tracy Borison 
Arian Boulger 
Kathy Bovy 
Jenny Burcham 
Jillian Cohen 
Michelle orey 
Alicia Dirk 
Laurie Ei 'ner 
Stacie Feldman 
Maggie Frick 
Skye Garrett 
Trina Gelbard 
Kim Harri 
Erin Hawk 
Kim Karp 
Roxy Kazemzadek 
Supriya Kelkar 
Robyn Levine 

Karie Lingle 
Heather Lucas 
Jennifer Macko 
Julianne Millar 
Cindy Parker 
Kim Peterson 
Catherine Phari 
Paige PospalJala 
Lisa Reynolds 
Kim Scala 
Bethany Schrnmn 
Sally Sherry 
Li a Shxmaker 
Anne emi 
Heather tolte 
Elizabeth Urbanski 
Yishakha Yora 
Ilene Wolf 
Jennifer Zarnegar 

to our new sisters 
in Delta Gamma 

WITNO(JTA PIllA! 

I 
-:..--. - FEBRUARY SPECIAL 

: $7~~ ~~:~ONI 
I with pepperoni lor ONlY $7.99. plus 0Ih • 
I Get a Large ORIGINAL ~~Off.,r yaJlc\ feb. 'th ttuoush MarCIl 1 -Goo<f on OeUvery or ~'l-- _,1-4 
I tp. \UN. JUST ASK. No coupon ""{---. C\iIII)InOI """ • onIyP ""'NaC_ ... " ... -· -tnII~'*'Y",,*, EJPItI3IIMl 
I _1I~":~_IIIoIIIdIll_"'$IoIniI· ::r.:'-..... ,....., .... -- _ - - - - - - -
---------------

--
IT'S TIME lOR ro.tOO'S PIZZA III 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

HOUKS: 
11 am-t am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &: Sat. 

• 



14 SPORTS 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

TOM's Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \lIN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------DISCOUNT-

with this ad • ExPIres 3/14/91 

I ''''''' _I COl.C)Ol'l ond valid ucso 10 at I'tnI 01 ~. Nol YaIcI wtII'I "..qot engine 01 ~0IWMII:>n repch r ~ l . CAll ISHI• 
I L!J 1450-94941 ~~ 

alE _ 
If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If Thev Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References, 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 
--. - ..... -~-~~ .............. -................ I 

CR A 

GOLDE: 

S3S 
CARDS 

:1 

The Uhimate Cut! 
( t:I fw"'juICd (tl a jI-"#tu 1"" U'<'<IU jlUIct' 
/. (ur. , v/"na'j' ku. wt l."-0cu.:nce 
f<1a/,.1y han .fIC,/vuc.J al jJ~1I ,~~«t'", 

en's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With This Ad Reg. $26.00 

WI(h selected slYlISlS 

'PRICES INCLUDE: 
graphic cut, sllampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

HAi~ 
Gi\Ar-FliCS 

457-3334 
B843 Villa La Jolla Drive 

loc~/.d 
III fhll L~ Jol/, ViI/,g, ShoPplllg CIln'~1 

EIGN 
-: E R S ... 

o A L 

PERS 

R Y ... 
TO 

ICE 

......... ~ r ••••••••••••••••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

Baseball's Road 
Gets Bumpier 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

UCSD Head Baseball Coach Lyle Yates was right 
when he predi ted a rough road for hi team during 
the month of February. 

But neither he nor the Triton could have figured 
things would be thi s bad . 

SO finished it nine-game homestand with an 
11 -2 loss to Cal Baptist on Tuesday. UCSD now 
stand at a discouraging 2-8. 

R yan Flanagan (0-2) staned against the Lancers, 
went four and two-third innings, and was pinned 
with the loss. 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 

According to Yates, the TriLon did a better job at 
the plate than In previou conte t ,bangi ng out eight 
hi t o n the day. 

Ka rl Friedl , who has hit afely in nine of hi fir t 
ten game, was 2 -for-4, including hi s third triple of 
the year. Sean Evans and Ted White each had two hits 
in four trip to the plate. Evans knocked in one of the 
Triton ' two run with an RBI ingle, and Whjte 
added an RBI doub le. 

Dan McDowetl/Guardian 
E.J. Remers rounds first in the Tritons ' 11-21055 
to Cal Baptist. UCSD's record fell to 2-8. 

the Tritons' hope for any post-season play. Nine ~r 
their next 10 games are again t Divi ion III op~ 
nents. 

" I thoughL we'd be 4-6 when February was over," 
Ya tes aid . "Unfortunately , Lhing didn ' t go the way 
we planned." 

"The e next ten game could make or break our 
season," Flanagan said. "Not only are our playoff 
hopes on the line, bu t our overa ll team confidence is 
al o. We need a big win ning treak to get us going. If 
we ever needed a boo ' t, now' S t he time." The Tritons did, howeve r, beat Occidental and San 

Diego State, two game that Yates feel were "needed" 
wins for his ballc lub. 

" If we had to beat any two team in our fir tten 
gamc::s, tho e two [Occiden tal and DS ] were the 
ones," Yates said. 

The Triton tm vel to C U San Bernardi no thi 
weekend for a crucial Divi~ion III doubleheader. 
They will s tan Bryan Thoma on (0-2) and Brent 
Hansen (2-2). 

The wins have kept the Tritons' head above water 
- but only barely. 

" March will be a true te t a to whether we're a 
olid ballclub or not," Yate said . " 1 have good 

feelings about thi s club's succes against other Divi-
ion III team . We realize what our capabili ties are. 

r Lhink it' just a matte r of putting everything together 
and getting on a roll." 

"1 told our guy that we need, if anything , to 
control our Divi ' ion III ~chedule," Yates aid. 

The next two weeks will be the deciding factor in 

Golf Tees Off on UCR, Occidental 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSDmen's golf team shot 
a combined 3 13 in a three-way 
match Monday at the 6.4 18-yard, 
par-70 Annandale ountry Club in 
Pa adena, fini hing nine trokes 
ahead of UC Riverside (322) and 
twe lve hot ~ ahead of host Occi-
dental (325). 

SO junior tran fer Jeremy 
Moe was the day ' medali t wi th a 
ix-ove r-par 76. 

Except fordoubleandquadruple 
bogie o n consecuti ve holes on the 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

·SF .... 'iO THE ENTRY ()fII A." 8 In" BV I r' SHEET OF 
PAPER ALONe WITH H)4. .. R NAME. YEAR IN SCHOOL. 

HO~ETOWN, CClU.WE YOU AlTCNOAT UCSD. MAIOI< . 
A 0 I'HO~E N"~.'" TO: sPORrS EOrroR. UCSD 
GUARDIAN. 9500 G ILMI .. ~ D., VE 0316. LA JOLLA. 
CA 92093·03 16. You CAN ALSO ""or rrOff IN TilE 
SPOOTS EOrrQR's .o~ AT THE GCARDIA" 0ff1CE. 
LOCATED I THe SruDlNl'CENTEA, ACROS.S FllOMTHE 
GYM. 

·Au. UCSO ST\JDENTS. STAfT', .... 0 FACULTY 
ME ELIGr BLE TO ENTU. EXCEPT RlIt GUARDIAN STAFF 
MfMBEIU AND ""rLOYEL! 01' B1' S CHICAOO PtzzatlA. 

·Tttf PUSON ttHO COM.ES ur Yt'mt THE MOST 
COU£CT ANSWUS. AS DE'T"EAMIl'iED I Y THE JUDGES. 
Will BE DECLAUD mE a.AND nlZ£ WL'NER ..v-:D 
'#flU Ie Il£COONIZED WHE.'f THE QUllll .... INT'ED THE 
FOlLOWlhG WEEK. INTHf E~ENTOFA TIE. A DRAWL"IO 

back nine, Moe was even-par for 
the day, including four birdies on 
the narrow, well-groomed layout. 

" (Moe] three-pUlled the par-
three twelfth green." UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra said. 

" It 's really easy to do that [at 
Annandale] because the greens are 
really fas t," he aid. "You have to 
stay below the hole, If you get 
above the hole, you're liable to 
putt the ball a ll the way off the 
green. " 

Moe was fo llowed by team-
mates Devin Thoma s , Malt 

R UrIINEflS·UP WILL RECEIVE A FREE PITCHER OF 
M ICHELOH DRAFT BEI:.R, OM SOOA, AT 81's. LOCATED 
"LA JOI.LA V,lJ.ACESquARE. A USTOfAU. WI'lNERS 
WILL IE POSTED AT 81' s EACH 'WEEK AND WINNERS 
NEEI> TO SHOW ID£NT1F1CATI()t,j TO Q.AIM PRI2f.$, 

This week's que tions: 
1. Who is the top- ranked 
women's tenni s player in the 
world? 
2. True or Fals e: The San 
Francisco 4gers have changed their 
team logo. 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Los Angeles Clippers? 
4. Who won golf's Los Angeles 
Open? 
5. In what stadium do the 
Sacramento King play thei rhome 
games? 
6. Who was the number one draft 
pick in the NBA in 1987? 
7. Who won last year' s Stanley 
Cup? 
8. Name last year's Division r 
Final Four participant . 

toltern, Dal e Abraham, Jim 
O'Grady, and Bob Knee. who shot 
78. 79, 80, 6, and 90, respec-
tively. 

According to Wydra, the Tri -
tons "dominated the match .. . con-
sidering that the next best [non-
UCS DJ individual score was an 
8 1." 

The Tritons' nex t match will 
come thi weekend at the annual 
Southern Calirornia Co ll egiate 
Championships, which will be 
played on the South Course at 
Torrey Pines. 

Lehman Brothers Open? Jay Don 
Blake 
2. Who won the Daytona 500? 
Ernie Irvan 
3. Name the Spons lflusrrared 
' Spon man of the Year' for 1989. 
Greg LeMond 
4. Who i the New England 
Patriots' owner? Victor Kiam 
5. Trueor False: Don Nelson will 
be the U.S. Olympic basketball 
coach in 1992. False 
6. Who is the WBC Jun ior 
Middleweight champion? Terry 
Norris 
7. WhatformerBaltimoreOrioles 
starisattemplingacomeback? Jim 
Palmer 
8. True or False: Brett Hull' s 
father played in the NBA. False 
9. Who holds the official world 
record in the I OO-meterdash? Carl 
Lewis 

1 \, Buyone .... 1COOP FREE 
I :.~ :m":r1or 

• 

WILL IE HELD TO DETUt MI E THE VI L~J"rIEa, THOSE 
OOUECT ENTRIES N)T SI:LECTlD AS TlfE ~D raw: 

9. Where do th e California 
Angels hold spring training? 

10, What is the UCSD men's 
basketball team 'scurrent ranking? 
Fifth (as of 2/21191) 
Last week's winner: 

I ' _ .... 2ndcone • • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

WINHEa. WIL1. IECOMIDf.l.ED RUNNElS-UP. 

""LV ONE EHnty I'EA ..utSON ,U QUIZ. No 
MJ\SS·P-ROOl.ttD~-nIES WILL BE ACCEf1'lD. E!'fl'IIU 
MUST II: AT THE G UA.DIAN Ity 

·THf OR D ~Il..£ W'''tM:.R WI..L UOO\,£ A FREE 
DIN~Ek FOIt T"-O AT 91'5 CHICAGO PIZZERIA 

10. Who did the UCSD oft ball 
team defeat on Tue day? 
Last week's que tion : 
1. Who won the Shearson 

Jan KopczynSki , Muir, Junior, 
Political Science - San ]0 e 
Runner's up: 
8; Ii t po ted at BJ ' 

Thursday, February 28,1991 

Jeff Ouan/Guardian 

Itftt ..... s-.III .... ,.. ... 1 
f-..y 21 MIIOI1 MMII H 

JACKSON 
Continued from page 9 

He cored 15 point in a fine 
shooting display, but, in a contro-
versial call, he was whistled for 
traveling during a crucial moment 
late in the game. 

The traveling ca ll wa one of 
the key moment in a tighl 77-75 
loss for UCSD. 

" It wasn ' t the type of call that 
should be made late in a game," 
Jackson said. " It was cenainly not 
a blatant travel. I dragged my foot 
a little bit. That's aiL " 

Don't think for a second, how-
ever, that Jackson feels that he was 
the sole cause of the playoff loss. 

"We had a lot oflittle things not 
go our way in that game. [Head] 
Coach [Tom] Marshall got called 
for a [technical foul), Tom 
[Shawcroft] missed a free throw .. .. 
In tight games, it's the little things 
that make you win or lose." 

Jackson is ready to make amends 
in the Claremont game, but doesn't 
feel that he has anything to prove. 

"As a tearn, I feel that we have 
romething to prove, but personall y, 
I don ' t. If I'm out there trying to 
prove something, I might play 
worse. I just want to go out there 
and have fun.lfI do that, then good 
things will happen." 

Jackson is a veteran of playoff 
games, as he led his high school 
team into the ClF City Champion-
ships, as well as manning the point 
last year for UCSD. And he defi-
nitely knows his role on the coun. 

"I see myself as making every-
thing go," Jacksonsaid. " You can't 
have a tearn without someone be-
ing the general [on the court], and 
making the plays." 

On the court, Jackson is looked 
upon by his teammates as a leader, 
especially when the tearn is out of 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

THE MATCHUPS THE ANALYSIS 

THE TEAMS THE OFFENSE 

ucso ~~'. -'. CLAREMONT 
RECOROS 

• The Tritons have 
averaged 86.5 PIl8 thiS 
season. outscollng their 
opponents by an average 
of 11.9 PIli, IndIVIdually. 
the offense starts "'th 
guard Tim Rapp. The6'4' 
senIOr has led UCSD In 

. Chros Greene. Rememberthe name. Greene is 
the Stags' verSion of the Tlltons' Tim Rapp. 
Aeroroong (0 UCSD Head Coach Tom Marshall. 
Greene IS one of the best shootong guards In 
DrviSIOn III. He a.elaeed 22.6 ppg rn 199().91. 
mosUy from the oortcrpcromeler. andwas named 
the Southern Caiofornra Intercollegiate AthletIC 
Conference Player of the Yea' and ma<1C the 
NCAA West Rcgoon Second Team. M addod 
bonus: he's 6·S·. On the Inside. Claremont IS 
ied byHervy Alb!edltand DominIC Nappo.Albrecht. 
a6'S' center. IS the stronger of the IWO. averagJl1! 
16.6 ppg. NappI. a 6'6' Junior forward, averages 
10.8 ppg. The key to troe Stags' offense is 
sta~rng oft With a hot hand. 

22-3 22-4 
NATIONAL RAN~INGS 

4th (1 st in West) 15th (2nd in We t) seorong the past two Go_ "'".., seasons.andlscurrently 
NCAA TOURNEY APPEARANCES 

ovcragrng 24.5 ppg. The rest of the SCOflng Is 
spreao between forwarckentor ROCk Ban (13.3 
pp&). forward Gordon McNeill (11.6 ppg). and 
guard Tom Shawcroft (10 .0 ppg). Rapp and 
ShaW{;roft are the main three-polnt threats. 2 (,90, 91) 5 (,84, '87, '88, '90, '91 ) 

NCAA TOURNEY RECORDS THE DEFENSE 

0-1 2-5 
RECORDS VS DIVISION III OPPONENTS 

• Perhaps the T ntons' strong poont. DefensM! 
coach Malk AIImaM has worked long and hard 
to make the Tntons one of the bettcr defenSive 
clubs In DIVISion III. Opponents hal'l! il'lCraged 
74.6 opg against UCSO. Jackson sets the tone 
for the T nlons on defense With hiS aggressive on· 
your·face pressure. He led the team With 64 
steals. McNeill, at 6'S' .Is an ImpoSing presence 
on the middle. He led the team in blOCks and was 
second 011 the Tntons In rebOunds(5.7 rpg). Ban 
led the leam 10 rebounds. includong 100 off the 
defensive glass. Rapo has grown InlO a multi· 
dimensional player. as evldel\Ced by his 
rebounding (5A rpg. \hlrd on the team) and 
steals (49. second to J3C~son). 

• AccoiOIng to Marshall. tile Stags ale only 
average on dcfense. He cxpc<:ts Claremont to 
run a 2·3 zone for the maJO"IY of the game for 
primarily two reasons. First. the Stags must Slay 
OUt of foul trouble. because they are not deeP. 
Second. the Stags cannot afford to gel ~red -
once again, bccause they are nol deep. The 
Stags have a tendency 10 SWI(en defenses 
frequenuy between lone and man in order to 
confuse the offense. One Claremont strong point 
IS leboundlng. rhe Stags were fourth ,n the 
nabon In rebounding margin. OUt<ebounding 
their opPOOents by an average of 11.2 rog. 
ScOlor forward John Gilliland leads the team With 
7.8 rpg. followed by Albrecht (1.6 rpg). 

17-0 

THE TOURNAMENT 

NATIONAL 
CHAMPrON 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
All Darvin Jackson is looking 
for is a national championship. 
sync. 

"Sometimes I need to get vocal, 
and remind everybody to play to-
gether as a team. You' ve got to 
remember that there are five players 
on the coun, and not play one-on-
one." 

Most people don 't realize it, but 
according to Jackson, point guards 
can get into a passing streak, just 
like shooters can go on scoring 
streaks. 

"Sometimes when it's getting 
down to crunch time,l canjust feel 
who's hot, and who to go to. It's 
almost like I'm unconscious while 
I'm running the plays." 

Often, Jackson's importance to 
the Tritons isoverlooked,as people 
concentrate on the scoring exploits 
of Tim Rapp. Jackson, however, 
has a clear vision of what he needs 
to do with the playoffs on the line. 

"Everybody rises to theoccasion 
in the playoffs. You have to look 
deep down, and search for the ex -
tra effort, the winning spirit," he 
said. 

"I don't need individual recog-
nition. Winning the championship 
will be recognition enough." 

17-3 

THE BENCH 

. Th,S IS one .re.where 
the T rotons have a clear 
advantage. and the 
blgeest difference be-
tween last year's andthls 
~ear's team. Forward 
ChliS MOorehasemerge<l 
as a solid sixttHnan. aver· 

• ClaremOll( IS S()relyl3(klng in (e~pth. 
Malshall has said that one of hiS goals entcllng 
tile game IS to wear down the Stags. Claremont 
has almost no help onslde.1f Albrecht and N DPI 
get Into foul trouble early. !he McNeill and Ban 
ShOuld COIllrOlthe paont With ease .Inll.s respect. 
Marshall thinkS thaI the offlCla(Ing ""II be a key 
to rhe OO(COn1e ofll1e g.me. Claremont. hoI\ever. 
Will get some helD on the oulslde from Ryan 
McKee. who Marshall descrobed as 'a 
Uemendous outside shooter. ' McKee scored 
16 poonts In the last meetong be(V.een the two 
teams. Including elgtMor.clght from the frce-
throw lone. The rest of rhe Stags' benchcomblned 
for Just three POints in that game. 

aging 7.3 ppg and 4.4 eMs ...... 
rpg. JOhn Spence was 
second on the team In blod<ed shotS With 21. 
and freshman Rodney Lusaln has played well 

bac~Ing up Jackson. Rccent blowouts against 
Chrrstlan Hcrot3ge and CSUSB have goven the 
bench valuable game cxperoencc. 

PREVIEW 
Continued from page 9 
Saturday's conte t in the Main Gym, which is ex-
pected to be a tooth and nail battle rrom sian to finish. 

UCSD Head Coach Tom Marshall is not especia ll y 
happy with the fact that hi s team must face a top seed 
so earl y in the tou rnament. 

" When you ' re [the number one and number two 
seeds] ome di stinc ti on ha to be made for tho e," 
Marshall said. " On the other ide of the fence, 1 don ' t 
think [Claremontl can be too happy about it e ither." 

The West Region has not fared well in the NCAA 
tournament in the last couple of years . Marshall feel s, 
however, that it can be directly attributed LO the fact 
that one of the top two tearn is usually e liminated 
early in the tournament. 

"Our representatives [to the tournament] may not 
always be our two be t teams," Marshall said . "Our 
two best teams may have wound up going head to head 
and canceling out each other." 

Despite all of this, UCSD - ranked fourth in 
Division III - is a confident basketball team that 
finished the season with a 14-game win streak. 

In the midst of the streak was a 97-86 overtime win 
against the Stags. 

Marshall contends that the Tritons must come out 
strong early and not let the Stags control the tempo of 
the game. 

"Even [on our home court] wedon ' t want get down 
to them early," Marshall said. "Especially by a signifi-
cant number." 

Marshall also contends that his team must come 
into the game psyched up, and not psyched out. This 
could lead to problems early on if the Tritons were to 
come out hesitant or timid . 

UCSD, which likes to play an up-tempo game, is 
hoping to et the pace early and maintain its momen-
tum throughout. Claremont, ranked 15th nationally , 
likes to playa quick-paced game as well. 

A key factor in Saturday 's game will be the bench. 
The Stag are not as deep as the Tritons, which 
Marshall expects will work in UCSD's favor. 

"My belief is, let' go ahead and play at the pace 
we 're capable of and let's see if they gel tired . And if 
they do, let's c~pitalize on our bench strength by 
making some key ubstitutions and wearing down 
their players," Marshall said. "[Then] we can come 
back with our starters." 

UCSD will also try to gel the Stags into foul trouble 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Backup point guard Rodney Lusain is part of the 
Tritons ' overwhelming advantage in depth. 
by attaCking ins ideand forcing Claremont to go to its 
bench early. 

The Tritons also hope that thei r defense can shut 
down Claremont early. UCSD A iSlant Coach 
Mark Aumann has developed a defense over the past 
four years which Marshall considers to be as good as 
any team in Division III. 

This will be especially important in shuuingdown 
Claremont' s 6'8" shooting guard Chri s Green, the 
Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic Con-
ference Player of the Year. 

On defense, the Triton will be led by Gordon 
McNeill - the team's leader in rebounds and blocked 
shots-and Da rvinJackson, who had II sLeals in the 
last contest with the Stags. 

Whatever Claremont throws at the Tritons , 
Marshall believes the Triton are ready. "We're very 
confident right now, we ' re playinggood basketball ," 
Marshall aid . "It will be a very hard-fou ght game." 

Editor's 1IOfe: This Saturday's game will be 
broadcast on KSDT (540 AM. 95.7 FM). Commen-
tatOrs: Craig E/sren alld James Dar/ow. 



I. 

t . 

4 ¢ 

16 The UCSD Guardian Thunday, February 28, 1991 

-=-_---1 ] N T RAM U R A L SOCCER FEARLESS 

P L A Y 0 F F 
TEAM 

MEN'SAAA 
REC, ODDS COMMENTS PREDICTIONS 

1. Cowboys & Indians 
2. Captain Fogcuners 
3. Willy Willy Willy 
4. The Cutters 
5. Free Chapman 
6. Kickball Rejects 

7· ' 3·2 
5·' ·2 5-2 
5-2·1 4·1 
5-2·1 5-1 
4·3·1 '0·1 
4-4 25-1 

Defending champs a good bet to repeat 
No chance to win it. Will choke 
My pick to be a surprise winner 
Hove the talent, but???? 
I said no in football & they won sooooo .... 
Stick to kickball. 

TEAM 
COEDAA 
1. Medheads 
2. Dickcheese 
3. Windgods 

REe. OOOS COMMENTS 

4·1 4·1 Of Course, my favorite team will win it 
4·1 4·1 Win cut the cheese and stink up the field 
4·1 4·1 No gods here 

MEH'SAA 
, . Pele's Kids 

4. Can't Touch This 4·1 4·1 Who'd wantlo 
5-0 ' -1 Great bloodlines may insure victory 

Goal tending and delense are superb 
Won a very tough league 

5. Kick 'Em Overboard 4·' 4·1 Good pick at 4·1 
2. UpperV 5-0 3·2 6. Royal Ugly Dudes 4-1 4-1 How about the babes 3+' 100·1 Need deep massage 

3-1-1 100-1 Doitnice 
7. Groin Pull 
8. BeatYou 

3. Juan Valdez 
4. Sig Ep 

4-{)-1 3-1 
4-0-1 4·1 

5. large & Medium 4-0-1 5-1 COED A 6. Bush 2'()'3 7·1 
7. GetAUle 4-1 10·1 

Could be best Fraternity team in 'M ' 
Weak league so it's hard to tell tafent 
Winning big in the Desert 
Get a team 1. Donuts Without Glaze 5-0 3-4 Look unbeatabfe 

Spank 'em good 8. Spotted Baits Great bet at ,5- t 2-0-3 '5-' 2. More Monkey 3. The Joneses 4-{)·' 2·2 4-1 4-1 9. Buttnuggets 3·1-1 '00·1 Old & tired 
10. Schwooping Schomes 4-1 105· ' Wilt be Schome early in playoffs 4. Drunken Stupor 4·1 5-1 

Women will carry weak men 
My kind of team 

5. Kick'N In The Balls 3·0-2 6-1 Ouch!! Wilt have refs watch this learn 
Holy cowl 6. lost Apostles 4-1 7-' MEN'S A 

1. Rual 's Last Stand 5·0 2·3 Sandbaggers will lose as usual 
Will win it all 

7. Boot To The Head 3·1-' '0·' No wonder they are like they are 
Not Really 2. 9 Angrier Rimas 

3. Pressin For the Goal 
4. U Smell 
5. Ed's Memorial Team 
6. Diane's Bra 

5·0 3·2 
5·0 2·1 
3·0·2 4·1 
4-0 5·1 
3-0·2 7-1 

Goaltending may win lor them 
Won't stink in playoffs 
Untested so far, we11 see in playoffs 
Won't be a hand full 

8. Hot Tamales 
9. Flaimmasters 
10. 18 Left Feet 

WOMEN'SAA 
1. We Kick Balls 

3·1-' 15·1 
3-2 25-1 Hackers 
3-1-1 SO·1 Confused? 

4·1 1-4 Should win easily 7. Dlffractionists 4·1 10-1 
8. NeurotiCS 3·0·2 15-1 

My pick to surprise 
Weirdos will stress out 2. Soccer's Rockers 4-1 10-1 Should finish a strong second 

Slick to softball 9. Hill People 4·1 25-' H will be a steep climb 
10. Ficken Sie Wieder 4·1 SO·1 NO CHANCE 

COEDMA 
1. Nothing SlUpid 

3. ShootTo Kill 
4. JustZoom 

WOMEN'S A 
, . Wiggle H 
2. Unstoppable 

3·1-1 15-1 
4-1 25-1 Next year 

May be good enough to be in 'M ' 
We'll see 2. Crevasses 

3. Chicks A'Plenty 

2-1-1 
2·1-1 
2-t -l 

4-' 
5·1 
6·1 
7·' 

Have predicted a 'BIG' victory 
May fall in. 
They all want you Katy 
Bull'AI@) 

3. Kick Balls & Run 

4-' 
3-2 
2-3 
2-3 

2·3 
4-1 
10-1 
1000·1 

Good thing this is women's soccer 
4. Playin'4 fun 2·'-' 4. Doug's Bunnies Doug who? OIl yeah that studly VB coach 

BASKETBALL PLAYOFF UPDATE 
The second sealOll I. on the horizon. The crack .taff of ba.ketball 

coordinators I\Q be,.,n tile selection process. Most leaeues will be 
IInlshed by Monday wIIlch means Tuelday wlH be spent buml", out the 
CZ4000 1M Supercomputer as thouuncl. of bit. of data are distlUed 
and out pops the playoff brackets. 

Favorites Finish Off One-Pitch Softball 

For tearna that have finished the recular season. there Isn't much to 
do but walt and I" If you cot an Inyltatlon (a bribe or two might help). 
If you haye a ~me or two left, make lure you put tMm in the win 
column 10 that the CZ..ooo has no reason to leave you at hom •• 

All the playoff brackets will out on Wednesday afternoon (March 6). 
You can come down to Canyonvlew (or call 534-4(37) to find out when 
you play. Unless you didn't win a game all season, all captalnl should 
confirm their status. Don't assume your team is In • or out. 

The BiC Dance will beCin on Sunday March 10. Don't worry, we don't 
run playoffs like the NBA. We flnlsllin one week. The championships 
for all divisions will be held on Sunday March 17. Stay tuned for next 
w"kl sure fire playoff predictions. 

The Men's and Coed Winter One-
Pi tch Softball Cham pionships were 
held this pasl weekend and nOl sur-
prisingly the results were as predict-
able as the sun coming up in San 
Diego. 

If we would have known Ihis was 
the way il was going to be. we would 
have done away with the whote play-
off mess 10 begin with and scheduled 
Ihese leams Ihree weeks ago. 

In Ihe Men's Open Division. 
umber I-seeded Fishnet Jocks (4-

o in the playoffs) showed off lheir 
eltlensive offensive and defensive 

slti lls in 21-13 shellacking of Num-
ber·2 seeded Meisttr Chow. 

Fishnet'S Eric Taylor had one of 
Ihose career days !hat you only dream 
of.. .. seven-for- even wilh six runs 
scored from the leadoff spot. Team· 
mate Mall Newsome bacled him up 
big-lime with a six-for-six day and 
Pat Burke delivered 5 more hilS as 
Fi hnet turned a close 12-10, fifth 
inning lead into a lale inning roul 
B.C. lillie of 1M Gotffame hetped 10 
keep MeiSler Chow in it with a sweet 
4-for·5 afternoon. 

Coed OM-Pilch was much of lhe 

same as good 01' Number I Those 
Giants blilzed lheir way 10 the title 
with three big wins including a 17- 10 
thumping of Boobs and Balls (yep, 
you guessed il. .. N umber 2-s~-ed). 

Those Giants showed dom i nance 
early as they ran OUI to a 9-1 th ird 
inning lead with Pally Mueller lead-
ing the way. Mueller's 6·for·seven 
day lepllhe Giants in runs early and 
then lale as lhey punched acr05S six 
big ones inlheninth. John Brotherton 
hit a tead-offhome run in the firsl and 
went 4-for·six on the day 10 help 
Mueller and her leammales. 

_ COSTA VERDE CENTER ueSD SPECIALSI 
_IDEO GALLERY 

Biggest SELECTION in the area • FREE Parking 
NEW: THE TWO JAKES. FLATLINERS 

• QUICK CHANGE. AIR AMERICA 
COMING SOON: ARACHNOPHOBIA. PUMP UP THE VOLUME 

-------------------------Bring this ad to Rent One Movie and 
get a Second Rental fREEI 

------------------------8750 (hMIIft ill llu Cotlo Verde Celller IIftJI' Soup &chOll6e 
Hours: Sun. · Thurs. 11 am·9 pm / Fri. ·Sat. 11 am·1O pm 

FRIDAY 
Concordia Choir 
r.7 The internationally ac-

~ claimed, 10-voice 
Concordia Choir of Concordia 
CoUege in Minnesota. under 
the direction of Rene Clausen, 
will perfOtm a cappella sacred 
and choral music at 8 p.m. in 
Point Lorna Nazarene 
College's Brown Chapel. 
Tickets: $8 and $10 with a $2 
discount for students. For info. 
and directions to the college 
call 221-2336. 

SATURDAY AND 
SUNDAY 
Schoenberg Concert 
r.71be La Jolla Civic/ 
~ University Symphony 
Orchestra wiu perform works 
by Schoenberg, Schumann, 
Strauss, and EUiott Caner in 
UCSD's Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m. Sat. and 3 p.m. 
Sun. Featured in the perfor-
mance is musicologist and 
noted Schumann scholar, Mary 
Evans Johnson. Tickets: 
students $5, senior citizens $8, 
and general admission $10, 
available tIirough TicketmaSter 
(278-TlXS) and at the door. 

FRIDAYTHRU 
SUNDAY 
Frogs 
(;'71be London Small Tbe-
~ lire Co. will perform 

Aristop~'s comedy , 
"'Frogs"at 8 p.m. in UCSO's 
Price Center 1be~. The play, 
while delivered in abigbly 
cOmedic style comparable to 
Monty Python, was written in 
the latter part of the 5th century 
B.C., and laments the recent 
deadJs of Sophocles and 
Euripcdes. two of . 
Aristopbanes' contemporaries . 
Tickets: $6 general admission. 
and are on sale at the UCSD 
Box Office or duougb 

l1cke~(218-11J{S).For 
more info. call 534-4559. 

AI{~rS & ENTERTAINMENT 

THE NASTY 

• German director Michael 
Verhoeven discusses his 
critically-acclaimed film 
By Andy Clarke and Simon Hobbes 
Staff Writers 

"The Nasty Girl" is a comparative rarity in 
the industry since it's an arthouse.film that 
attacks a specific target. This is no German 
"Room With a View" or "Jean de Florette," 
but a nightmarish odyssey of discovery about 
local collaboration towards Nazi crimes and 
the rampant post-war hypocrisy that fol-
lowed. 

The film was enthusiastically received at 
the Cannes Film Festival and last week was 
honored with an Oscar nomination for Best 
Foreign Film, which can only aid the movie 
in the home market. Experience has shown 
that nothing short of controversy or Academy 
recognition will propel an American audience 
into the cinema for this type of production. 

Nasty Girl, Lena Stolze flirts with Robert Giggenbach 
(top), Aprehensively, Lena Stolze looks back (middle), 
and Lena Stolze with director Michaael Verhoeven and 
the real Nasty Girl, Elizabeth Rasmus (bottom), 

Michael Verhoeven's target for attack is 
German complacency over its Nazi past. The 
weapon is the real-life experience of a Ba-
varian girl Anja Rosmus (here named Sonja) 
who embarks on an essay about her German 
town while it was under the 
control of the Third Reich. Page H7 

• Think back to the early 
days of MTV and remember 
The FIXX. Singer Cy Curnin 
talks about his band's 
stands and falls Page H4 

Thur ScJdY Februdry 28 19C)1 Hl 



2 HIATUS 

Dance. With Wolw. 
Scenes from A MaH The Door. 

The SIlence Of The Lamb. LA. Story 
My Heroe. ttav. Alway. Been Cowboys 

Sleeping With The Enemy 

University Town Centre 452-n66 

Awakening./Mr. And Mrs. Bridge 
He Said, She Said LA. Story 
Nothing But Trouble The Door. 

Sleeping With The Enemy 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
The Silence Of The Lambs 

Scenes From A Mall 
Dances With Wolves 
Mr. and Mrs. Bridge 

283-5909 
Feb. 28: King Of New York 

Mar. 1: Attack Of The Fifty Foot Woman 
Mar. 2: M 3·D I / The Playmates 

Mar. 3: L'Atafante 
.~.., • .-, Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

u ... # .... ~ Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
Some of the rare highlights of the 33rd Grammy award 

ceremony: Best historical album awarded to Robert Johnson; 
Stevie Ray and Jimmie Lee Vaughan for be t duo performance; 
Tracy Chapman and Aero mith performing "Imagine" and 
"Come Together" respectively for the John Lennon tribute. 
Last but not least, Janet Jackson and Wilson Phillips didn't win 
a damn thing. 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
Who said the Saudi Arabians and their "guests" don't know 

about good music? This week's number one song in Riyadh is 
"Hotel California" by the Eagles. Does that mean that they're 
ill hell or just that they want to come home? 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
Some new releases to watch for : Graham Parker, Queen, 

Daniel Ash, Suzanne Vega, Megadeth, Wynton Marsalis, The 
Rolling Stones, R.E.M., The Fixx , Dinosaur Jr. , Joni Mitchell , 
The Tragically Hip, UTFO, Johnny Cash, Th Yellowjackets, 
and a video from Arista supporting the anti-AIDS album, "Red, 
Hot and Blue." 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
After nearly two years, KQLZ, Pirate Radio 100.3, has fired 

programmer and morning OJ Scott Shannon as well as dumping 
his "Rock 40" format. The station, whiCh is owned by We twood 
One, ha decided to opt forthe more viable album rock format. 

By Bryan Dlas and Dave LInberg 

r--------------... .-""""-~~\-'II ..... I Nail Specials 
I 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay '24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New dients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with TIps $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 
(Next to Burger King) 56C).()325 • 560-5081 I 

No( vdd wIIh lIlY other oIfers. Exp.3I1 4191 
L ____________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, February 28,1991 

UCSD Dance .Program to 
Present 'Winter Dance Festival' 
By Plule C.bellero 
Guardlll1 RfIportM 

The UCSD dance program will present its 
student dance concert entitled "Winter Dance 
Festival" on Friday March I at 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

This unique show is choreographed and per-
formed completely by the students, and is di-
rected by dance in-
structors Margaret 
Marshall and 
Patricia Rincon. 

"'The wonderful 
part about this pro-
duction i that all 
the students put to-
gether technical, 
well - designed 
works without be-
ing part ofa depart-
ment," Rincon said. 

Jazz, musical 
theater, modern, 
A frican, ballet , 
Flamenco, and tap 
are types of dance 
that can be seen on 
Friday night , as 
well as "funk jazz," 
which choreogra-
pher/dancer Audie 
Atienza de cribe 
as " treet dance 
with a little tech-
nique." 

Atienza has two 
pieces to be pre-
sented in the 

and will dance in a collaborative piece directed by 
Isaac. 

Dana Zell has choreographed a work entitled 
"Fantasy." which she describes as "thirties-ish, 
upbeat, and fun." She and Arielle Santos have co-
coreographed another piece called ''Tappin' To-
gether," which is a fast tap dance. 

Marci Rothschild choreographed and will dance 
in her number "A 
Dream." She de· 
scribes the style as 
"fantasy, funk jazz, 
hip-hop." The 
dance is presented 
as a dream se-
quence. "It'salinle 
story about guys 
meeting girls. It 's a 
sexy, cute kind of 
dance with a lot of 
personality and 
character," 
Rothschild ex-
plained. 

The Stuart 

evening of dance, Meghan Riley, who will be performing this Friday. 

Award for Best 
Choreography will 
be chosen from the 
works presented at 
the dance concert. 
When asked if there 
was a particular 
piece to watch for, 
Rincon said, "Most 
pieces are in the 
cleaning-up stage 
right now. There 
are a number of 
worthwhile, very 

both of which he 
choreographed and dances in. "It Just Takes 
One" is the title of his "funk jazz" piece. "It's 
about racism; it's about how grouli!s get isolated 
and don't integrate, causing prejudice," Atienza 
said. 

Vanderzandan has choreographed a musical 
theater piece entitled "The Movie in My Mind" 
that uses selections from the musical "Miss 
Saigon."Rincon describes the piece as "based on 
the )Var in Vietnam and the stories that unfold in 
a town where love and war share the same trag-
edies." One of the dancers in this piece, Colleen 
Hurd, commented, "It's a story instead of just a 
dance number, so it's fun, and sexy too!" 

Dance Instructor Jean Isaac's advanced be-
ginning modem dance class has choreographed 

strong pieces .. . 
Through imagination and the training they're get· 
ting here, the students have created a very solid 
show." 

The show has grown this year, and next year will 
extend its performance to two nights . Rincon is 
proud to say they have "more men and more danc· 

. ers, and in general, longer and bigger dances." 
This show has been generously sponsored by 

the Dean of Arts and Humanities and the Physical 
Education Department. Tickets are $5 for students, 
seniors, and military, and $8 for the general public. 
They can be purchased at the UCSD box office or 
at the door the evening of the show. 

Rincon, Marshall , and a slew of dedicated stu-
dent choreographers and dancers invite you to see 
this "hidden pocket of great talent" Friday night. 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 

Keeping in Mind 
Family Psychoses 
• The Hahn Cosmopolitan Theatre 
presents Alan Ayckbourn's portrait 
of the craziness of middle-class life 
By Andy Clerk. 
Staft Wril6r 

Alan Ayckboum has neverbeen 
as successful in America as he has 
been in his native England. 
Americans like their comedy to be 
warm and reassuring, while En-
gli h comedy always has an ele-
mentof moral discomfort. Laughter 
provoked by Ayckboum' s plays in 
Britain is clouded by agitation and 
forboding. 

Previou Ayckboumplayshave 
heroines bungling their suicides 
and withdrawing into catatonic de-
spair. "Woman in Mind" i the 
first, ho&'ever, to arouse laughter 
as a wife endures the approach of 
madness. The play is currently in 
its West Coast premiere produc-
tion at the Hahn Cosmopolitan 
Theatre. 

Susan (Rosina Widdowson· 
Reynolds) is a woman who is vir-
tuallyoutofhermind. She certainly 
has a great deal to put up with. Her 
husband is a man she is now only 
"reasonably fond of' and someone 
who has long since lost any inter-
est in sex. 

She is a mother that has has lost 

her only son to a brain-washing 
cult, while her sister-in-law treats 
her with rasping derision. 

To compensate, Susan creates 
an alternative family of "beautiful 
people" who smother her with 
compliment , champagne, and al 
fresco banquets. Gradually, her 
dream world impinges on the real 
and Susan retreats into a psychotic 
state. 

The most satisfying feature 
about this play is Ayckboum's 
ability to u e cunning theatrical 
devices that confound all one 's 
expectations. 

"Woman in Mind" opens with 
Susan coming-to after knocking 
herself out with a rake. It is a clever 
device that leaves the audience to 
decide whether or not we are see-
ing the characters from her tor-
mented viewpoint. Susan's own 
"ideal family" eventually make the 
point that a fantasy world can be as 
traumatic as cold reality. 

This being an English middle-
class comedy, fantasy is a matter of 
class - in a bener world people 
would have more refined Noel 
Coward-like accents and vocabu-

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

play or let it fail. 
Widdowson -

Reynolds does a fine 
job in carrying the 
play. Her portrayal 
of Susan depicts 
inch by inch the de-
scent of a strong-
minded woman into 
hatred , paniC and 
collapse. It is a pow-
erful contrast to her 
prev ious role in the 
Lyceum's produc-
tion of "Cymber-
line." [n that play, 
she played the 
Queen, a woman 
with the self-assur-
ance of an Alexis 
Colby. 

Ayckbourn's 
heroine presents the 
actress as a symbol 
of the eternal victim 
tra pped in a no-
choice existence. 
Su an is a role of 
sudden and e nor-
mou s highs and 
lows,combined with 
subtle shifts in be-
tween. Widowson-
Reynolds allows her 
madness to become 

Rosina Widdowson-Reynolds creates a dream family that leads to psychosis a haunting memory. 
in Alan Ayckboum's ·Woman in Mind, • at the Hahn Cosmopoitan Theatre. The supporting 
laries. Susan is at a similar point to tasy family" become increasingly cast's performances are sadly true 
the heroine in Willy Russell 's ruthless and demanding. to the stereotypes that they repre-
"Educating Rita" at the start of the The play is an uneasy mixture sent. Only Bryan BevellasSusan's 
play. Bored with her existence, she of quirky comedy and unsettling son, Rick, manages to break away 
seeks a release. pathos. It consequently has enor- from the crowd as a man scarred 

But Susan's release does not mous potential to fail. Ultimately by an over- adoring mother. It is a 
provide her with a new life. Ittakes it is a star-vehicle that relies on the startling flash of off-center per· 
away her current one, as the "fan- lead actress to either transform the See WOMAN, page H5 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE THE STVJGHT·AHEAD JAZZ SOUNDS 
OF RCA/HaVUS RECORDING AAnsr 
~~~~~~[L 

[Q)~~~@~~[R1 
~(Q)~~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50°A,·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-8at. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-S pm 

!
III APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 

8250 CImino SInII Fe 
. . ...... , CIIIfomII 

(619)450-3323 

tHRttTIJPHER 

MARCH 10 
SUNDAY 
·SPM 
MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $13.00 
51 $9.00 
SR. CIT. $11 .00 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 
534-4559 

nc:x_~~ 
..... 'B~ 

PRESENTED If 
UCSD UNMIlSITY MH'fS 
& STUDENT AcrrvmES 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

A FIXX for the '90s 
By Dave Linberg 
Slaff W,,'er 

or many r ck and roll puri ts. 
the binh of the 1980 marked the 
end of"real music." The youthful 
ideali mofthe'6<hwerelonggone. 
and the decadance and 
Diony ioni m of the '70s were 
fading away. 

What did the' 0 have in store 
f r us? We couldn't have had any 
idea that the Reagan decade' s 
mu ic would be haped by a lillle-
known fledgling mu~ic vidt:o ta-
tion called MTV. 

While many band sU'h as REO 
peed wagon and Styx di olved 

in thi:. period - essentially becaul>C 
they weren't pretty en ugh to sell 
records through video - there 
were a fewband~ Ihal saw thbnew 
medium a a w<ly to have their 
music heard in million of home 
across the country. 

Anyone who watched MTV 
during its fir [ few months on [he 
air would have seen videos by such 
upstan a U2, INXS, and The 
FlXX. 

The FlXX emerged from Lon-
don in the early '80s as one of the 
hOlle t bands around. From their 
fir tingle and video, "Stand or 
Fall," [hi influential quintet has 
gone on to expand their creative 

, 'We got sick of try-
ing to sell the music 
and decided to let the 
music speak for itself. 
Besides, Adam and I 
were more interested 
in taking mushrooms 
in the desert than 
making videos, " 

- Lead singer Cy Curnln 
vision through eight albums span-
ning the '80s. 

The long-time MCA recording 
ani ts have now pawned a new 
company, Impact Records, and 
have relea ed a new album called 
Ink. 

In a recent interview, lead singer 

Cy Cumin talked about where The 
Frxx have been, and also where 
they're going. 

Anyone who ha ever een The 
FlXX perform could tell you that 
Cumin' vocal ~tylings and theat-
rical tage pre ence et him apan 
from other ingers. Cumin ex-
plained that performing has alway 
been easy for him: "I've always 
been intere ted in mu ic my whole 
life. I wa very aware that it wa a 
physical relea e for me, when I 
wa a lillie kid I u ed to sing and 
get high from it." 

After years of skipping school 
to come home and bash away on 
the piano, Cumin thought that it 
was time to hook up with orne 
people who e musical talents were 
superior to hi own - and to have 
his vocals performed live in front 
of an audience, rather than in his 
living room. 

") was too lazy to learn other 
people's tune ," he said, "so I 
started to write my own. My sister 
dated [drummer] Adam Woods 
who was a couple year older than 

~/7.~/./ ~ CONCERT 
~t5{{IJ ~U( SERIES 

odd T 
R u n d. ,g 

\ 2 11 d 

SPRECKELS THEATRE 
121 BROADWAY - DOWNTOWN 

Tickets available at aU ticket centers including May Co., Jack's, Tower Records. Music Plus. Civic 
Box Office, Perkins Book Worm. Arts Tix and the Aztec Center Ticket Office. To charge by phone cal 278-TIXS. 

-Thursday, February 28,1991 

The FIXX are: (back row) Jamie West-Oram, Cy Cumin, Rupert 
Greenall (front row) Adam Woods and Dan, K. Brown. 
me, but he was very good at getting 
my ideas down on paper and being 
able to play them." 

Cumin and Woods immdiately 

r e n 

began writing songs together, and 
began to recruit other members of 
the band. Soon after the song writ-
ing duo of Cumin and Woods be-
gan to flourish, they were joined 
by guitari t Jaime We t-Oram, 
ba si t Dan K. Brown, and 
keyboardist Rupert Greenall. 

Ironically enough, it was not 
the extroverted Curnin' idea of 
using busine avvy to have his 
music expo ed to a wide audience, 
"Adam Woods wa the one who 
was on the phone and get on to 
people while I' d be lheguy saying, 
'Well thaI's a good idea, well 
done,'" Cumin said. 

Since the band' first album, 
Shurrered Room, they have 
achieved quite significant com-
mercial succe s throughout their 
career. Theirbiggest-selling album 
to date i the 1983 relea e, Reach 
'he Beach , which earned platinum 
status and included the hits "Saved 
By Zero" and "One Thing Leads 
To Another" (a Top Five hit). 

However, the band fell into 
relative obscurity in the mid-' 80s. 
They still released albums, but none 
of them were as commercially 
successful as their previous efforts. 

"After seeing what it was that 
made an album sell," Cumin ex-
plained, "like all the promotional 
bullshit that Lo Angeles is drip-
ping with, wejustgot sick of trying 
to sell the music and decided to let 
the music speak for it elf. Besides, 
Adam and I were more interested 
in taking mushrooms in the desert 
than making video ." 

Cumin mentioned that had he 
not become involved with the 
music business, he probably would 
have become a veterinarian. 

When asked if he thought that 
joining the bandwagon of socially-
conscious rock stars was worth it, 
hereplied,"I don't think that music 
or musicians' role are to wake 
people up. Live Aid woke people 
up and if people need to be re-
minded of what's going on every-
day, then who needs it? Why do 
people need a concert to justify 
donating to Amnesty Interna-
tional?" 

Cy Cumin is a man who does 
not mince his words with flowery 
anecdotes. This is a musician who 
knows the way that the business 
works, 

, ". .. , ', .,. "" ., ., It . _ • • I 
. .,- .. .. 

In the often volatile music 
business, those artists able to 
maintain credibilty and longevity 
without compromising their musi-
cal vision are few and far between. 

Thursday, February 28,1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

'WOMAN': Moral comedy 
Continued from page H3 
ceptiol1 that he would prefera hostile mother 
to one trying to be a bosom buddy. 

This type of play that entails strong audi-
ence sympathy i well suited to the intimacy 
of the 300- eat capacilY Hahn Cosmopoli-
tan Theatre, If it wa much larger, Ihen a 
large propoI1ion of Susan's decline would 
be lost. 

Lighting change are kept to the bare 
minimum and only resorted to differentiat-
ing between day, night, fantasy and reality. 

The31erg ers have been ttlught to believe 
that comedies are comedies because they 
are funny and end happily. Joe Ononmad 
c halacters in hi s black comedie so 
unlikeable Ihal you really didn't care what 
happened to them. 

In ontrast, Aykbourn manages to make 
evenhi mo t loathsome creation . attractive 
becau e they are 0 well sketched. How-
ever, thi s fails to spare them fromlhe deci-
sive, fearless and shocking ending that 
concludes "Woman in Mind." 

WHERE: Hahn Cosmopolitan Theatre, 
444 Fourth Ave. 

WHEN: Through Mar. 17, Tues. - Sat. 
at 8 p.m., Sun. at 2 p.m. 

(/ to r) Kim Bennett, Eric Grischkat, Rosina Widdowson -Reynolds, and Lisa 

If a catch phra e is needed, Ayckboum 
would probably be the "English Neil Simon 
ofBrtiain 's middle-cia ." Hi 39[h play is 
currenlly elling out in London's West End, 
which obviou Iy proves that audiences en-
joy his unsparing detail of human tragedy. 

TICKETS: Tues. - Thurs. & Sun. $20, 
Fri. - Sat. $22. Call 234-9583. 

SUNDAY 

3 
Aerobics 10:30am Gym 
Gulf War 7pm WLH200S 
Play 'Frogs' Spm PCT 

10 
'Seve nIh Seal' 7pm 

SlH 104 
Ballroom Dance 7pm 

Ballroom 
Chris Hollyday Spm 

MeA 

17 

EASTER 31 

ONe AM' U I 

Presents 
AcrIv ...... n ...... l ...... ES AND EVENTS 

In association with 

UCSD 
University Events & Student Activities Office 

MONDAY 

4 
Burger Sale 12pm PCP 
Comedy Bpm PCT 
Hypnot ist Spm Rev Cal 

11 

TUESDAY 

5 

Earth Day Films 7pm 
Persian Poetry 7:30pm 
~apanese Films 7:30pm 

12 
'Godzilla vs. C·Monsler 

MARCH 
WEDNESDAY 

6 
ISrael Rally 12pm PCP 
Eanh Day Films 7pm 
Poelry Reading 7 :30pm 
Greek Awards 7:30pm 

13 

THURSDAY 

7 
Thurs on Green 12pnl 
"Predator 2' 6.3OpmPCT 
'2001' 7pm SLH 107 
IVCF Mtg 7pm WLH2005 
WRC Concert 7pm TPub 
' Children 01 Lessor God 

8:30pm Rev. Cale 

14 
Thurs on Green t2noon 
'Pump Up Ihe Volume' 

FRIDAY 

1 
SOS Fair 1 lam W·Mali 
Shetley Doty 12pm Che 
Warren TG 4:30pm 
Pho Nighl Gpm I C. 
CWO Film 7pm TLH 107 
HKU Films 7pm TLH 104 
KP Dance 9pm Ballroom 
Che Dance !)Pm Che 

8 

'Dance 01 Hope' 7pm 
'Stand &Deliver' 8:30pm 

15 
JIll Warren 12noon Che 
'My LeU FOOl' 7pm 7pm PCT 

'Godzilla Vs . ? 7pm 'Son at Godzilla" 7pm 6:30pm peT SLH 107 Japanese Animation 

18 

25 

PCT IVCF MIg 7pm WLH2005 'Bird' 7pm PCT 7:30pm SlH 104 
"Godzilla vs . Megalon' Noon Concert RevPlza 

'La Femme Nikila' 
7pm SLH 104 "Godzitla's Revenge' 8pm MCA 7pm SLH t04 

Peace/Religions 8pm 
Ballroom 

19 20 21 22 

F I N ) L S W E K 

26 27 28 29 

GCXJD FRIDA Y 

For 
Call 

More Information on Campus Events, 
Student Information at 534-3362. 

LOOK FOR THE STUDENT ORGANIZATION HOTWIRE IN 
THE FIRST SPRING ISSUE OF THE GUARDIAN. 

Set a date to see the new Saturn at: 
Saturn of El Cajon, 541 North Johnson Avenue, El ~on (619) 444-7200 

SATURDAY 

2 
Collegium Caldus Bam 
Decency FestIval 12pm 
Play 'Frogs' Bpm PCT 
LGBA Dallce 9pm Che 
PersIan Party 9pm I C 

9 
Ch,cano ConI. lOam PCT 
'Predalor 2' 6:30pm PCT 
Coffee House 7pm I.C 
Che Dance Bpm Che 

16 

23 

Living Colour 8pm 
Main Gym 

30 

PAS&)VER 



H6 PHOTO The UCSD Guardian 

, . 

.. , 

'. 

. -
. ~ . 

j' 
---

Thunday, February 28, 1990 

/ 

Rain? / 
I 

Most of yo~ are fair weather fan 
~ 

when it comes to the beach. But 
have y u everlvisited the beach 
during a rai£storm? When the 
s~opens up the surf crumbles' 
into a 'h!te blanki t. )?eopl , 

l and ihef signs of life', become / I 
/ co sp·(uouslyabscent. 

9re . ater;lo e . 
sforll}atio 

rend to be markedJY 
/ I 

~h /' /" 

/ 

II 
/ / 

I 
/ 

" I , 

I 

I 
/ 

Thursday, February 28, 1991 

NASTY 
Continued from page Hl 

By pushing her research a "file 
too far," she finds that someone in 
the town is restricting her access to 
infonnation concerning the town's 

. history. 
To be honest , nearly everyone 

in the community does not want 
her to delve into the past. The 
essay's intrusion into Rosmus' 
quiet Catholic upbringing and a 
subsequent adult life of broken reo 
lationships and death threats pro-
vides much of the drama in "Nasty 
Girl." 

The visual style of the film is 
wonderfully at odds with its seri-
ous issues, Such subject matter 
could easily make a film overly 
dry and depressing, but Verhoeven 
used the material to create a part 
black-comedy, part documentary-
parody. 

His main "players" address the 
camera wi th the microphone boom 
in view and have asides with the 
audience worthy of a "Moonlight-
ing" episode. 

In the film, there is a combina-
tion of black-and-white with color 
photography that indicts the vari -

for [his] country," as it provoked 
questions that his society as a whole 
would rather repress. Hence, in 
order to undercut the harshness of 
his attack, he added the comic el-
ements that ease the message and 
make it fundamentally more ap-
proachable. 

He especially wished to address 
the younger people within Ger-
many, attempting to change their 
lackofconcernovertheircountry's 
history. 

Humor was a medium of ac-
cess, although the obvious criti· 
cism that was masked by it, as 

" If only a handful of 
people saw my film, I 
would consider it a 
success, but this obvi-
ously does not mea-
sure up to commercial 
realities, undercutting 
the spirit of German 
film-making." 

-MIchael Verhoven, dIrector 
of "The Nasty GIrl." 

ous periods throughout the film.. always, "got [him] into trouble." 
The fear of the older generation is "Nasty Girl" isobviously a very 
expressed well through Axel de personal film for Verhoeven, and 
Roche's cinematography. there are many symbols in it that 

His wide angle camera-work directly address hi upbringing. 
heightens tension, capturing the The central symbol in the film 
sense of a town entangled in the is a huge tree that was covered 
deceit of history. The conscious with religious artifacts. He uses 
use of back projection on blue the tree as a focal point for the film, 
creens is particulary impressive. manipulating it as a means toques-

Far from saving money by not tion Catholicism within Gennany 
having to use locations, the tech- and the "ugly" destruction of eeol-
nique proves to be expensive and ogy on the planet. 
time consuming. However, com- He sees Catholicism as a fonn 
bined with the movie 's ambiguous of suppression with "Big Brother" 
images, it proves to give a sharp constantly watching his every 
and remarkably clear feel to the .move. 
film. • The other main element, "na-

The overall combination of ture in danger," is a subject that 
styles serves to create a refreshing Verhoeven believes everyone tries 
approach to the movie. What the to avoid considering. All this ties 
film loses in strong emotional up with Sonja's questioning of the 
power and intrigue is compensated past and her attempt to destroy the 
for by its pace and humor. barriers that surround it. Thedirec-

In a recent interview, Michael tor succinctly says that "suppress-
Verhoeven claimed that "Nasty ing ugly things is the topic of my 
Girl" was "not really a film about film." 
the past" at all , but rather a critique Michael Verhoeven likes to 
on how present-day Gennany deals have a "continuing relationship" 
with its history. with the actors within his films. 

His fIlm "was not acceptable This has a homogenizing effect on 

-

FEATURING: 

SAM lAM 
AND SPECIAL GUEST 

SATURDAYhMARCH f... J991 8:00 P.M. 
LvCATION I.B.A. 

The UCSD Guardian 

the production, enabling a very 
able cast to perfonn to the best of 
its abilities. 

Lena Stolts (Sonja) was the 
exception, as Verhoeven had never 
worked with her before. She is a 
relatively famous Hamburg the· 
ater actress and had been very 
limited in the amount of time that 
she could devote to film. 

Prior to "TheNasty Girl," she 
had only made one cinematic ap-
pearance. 

Verhoeven like Stolze has un· 
dergone career alterations . 
Verhoeven was initially trained as 
a physician. Medical school did 
not, however, dampen his enthusi-
asm for cinema, as he managed to 
direct three feature films during 
the course of his studies. 

Although Verhoeven is now a 
full-time film maker he retains 
something of a physician ap-
proach, saying that he has "a 
willingnes to inflict pain in order 
to clean the wound and hence de-
stroy the infection." 

The director claimed that there 
were many more opportunities in 
Gennany for a young directorthan 
there were in the United States. 
Gennan film production is far less 
commercial than American and 
relies more on quality and impact 
rather than box-office sales. This. 
however, he c laims is changing. 

"If only a handful of people 
saw my film then I would consider 
it a success," he said. "But. this 
obviously does not measure up to 
commercial realities, undercutting 
the spirit ofGennan film-making." 

He wi hes purely to convey a 
message but "was taught not to 
expre s myself, to be quiet. Resi -
tance is very un-German." 

Verhoeven was surprised by the 
American reaction to his "small 
and personal" film, especially 
when he received the New York 
Film Critic's Award for Best 
Foreign Film which was presented 
by Madonna, whom he considered 
"surprisingly nice. ' He believes 
that "Nasty Girl" is a "very neces-
sary film for [his] country," but is 
not highly exportable. 

"I would stilI be tempted by 
Hollywood," he said. "But it is a 
dangerous moment for me as I 
could easily lose my identity as a 
film-maker. I wiU watch for future 
opportunities very carefully." 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(819)~72 
Church School 

9:00a.m. 
WorsNg 

10:00 a.m. 
BIble $hutl' 

7:00 p.m. 1\Jesday 

Dr.~T.~,~ 

-A Church For People 
on the Grow" 

HIATUS 7 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$149 $199 
Complete Complete 

, .. " .. I .......... · QuIlty I,..,. • PItcM 
(Offer ' Jl31/9 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Music For Your Eyes. 

U2 LASERIUM 
What happens when you mix krypron and argon lasers with 

-"H. A.ftT 

SlIr'(E 
some of U2's greatest hits? You get 
an incredible laser-light experience. 
'We call it U2 Laseriurn. You'll call it 
awe orne. Call 238-1168 for how-
times. Then come by for an eyeful. TMEAlUI AND SCIENCE CENTER 20% discount with stutit1ll1.D. 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

LSAT 
GMAT 

GRE 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
, in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harderl 

(619) 695-9952 



8 HIATUS 

Nowhere 
Sire/Reprise Records 

During the past year, Ride ha 
firmly e tablished itself a one of 
Britain' mo t hopeful newcom-
ers to their independant mu ic 

ene. 

Ride ' influence ranging from 
UK gui tar band My Bloody Val-
entine and the Ie u and Mary 
Chain to more ubdued group u h 
a the Velvet Underground and the 
Byrd. 

Theirmusi ombine layer of 
textured guitartones, ranging from 
clean, jangly hord to the queal 
of haotic feedback to erene 
melodie buried in the driving, 
grungy rhythm part . 

Together with Mark Gardener' 
dre. my vocal s and Lawrence 

olbert' unique and p werful 
drumming, Ride a saults the ears 
with a mas 'ive wall ofunrelenting 
sound. 

"Dream Burn D wn." the 
album' be!.t track, gradua ll y 
build1> momemum, ri~ing and full-
109 and guiding the li l>tener through 
a darl-. ~onic j umey until the final 
trenLied guitar expl Ion and l>ub 
~equent meltdown. 

larl-. Gardener' . lync1> weave 
a fine line between pp rtunity 
and de1>paira~ he ~1I1g~, "We fill all 
the gaps in our httle live, but we 

~now we are d med." u h a 
tone i ' dominant on owhere. 

The ongs "Polar Bear" and 
"Taste" have a hypnotizing effect 
with their col !'ful, wirling gui -
tar and haunting, gloomy sing-
ing. " Vapour Trail, "the final tra k 
on Nowhere i a more optimi tic 
personal tale that blends imple 
choru ed guitar chords with a 
beautifully orches trated tring 
e tion and in i tent rhythm and 

percu sion. 
Thi recent release combines 

their album, Nowhere, with tracks 
from their earlier EP entitled Fall, 
both previou ly available only a 
import . 

In a time when the music in-
dustry i flooded with po er glam 
rock bands, banal love ong ,and 
computerized techno-dance beats, 
Ride offer an alternative and a 
beacon of hope for the future. 

Canned Heat 
Reheated 
Chameleon 

- Michael Lim 

My goodne ! A blast from the 
past coming ba k to haunt us. For 
tho e who need reminding and 
other who need a hi story Ie on, 

anned Heat came out of 
Woodstock and the Monterey Pop 
Festival with "Goin' up the oun-
try" and "Time Wa ." 

At that time, Bob Hile wa the 
engine that drove the band past the 
mundane. 

Hite died in 19 I and the light 
went o ut for anned Ileat. 

Since that time, arious incar-
nation of the band have tried to 
make a go of thing with Itttle 
1>ucce . 

Wllh their late t effort, anned 
Heat i becoming tire me. Origi-
nal drummer 'ito de la Parra ha~ 
taken the reign and hu\ tned to 
1>teer clear of rcha hlng the glory 
day, but the results are rather limp. 

early all the ong are blue 
standard (K. . Douglas' " Mer-

ury Blue~" and Willie DIxon's 
" Built for omf rt") with an a-
sional ddity (Tom Wait ' "Gun 
Street Girl") . None fthe ong arc 
penned by the band member . 

One would expect uch a e-
lection to ound raunchy and raw, 
but what we get i a very lick-
ounding collection that could very 

well be put together by a group of 
studio hack . 

Thi i a major di appointment 
in view of the lineup: original 
ba i t Larry Taylor, vocali t/gui -
tari t lame T . (a contributor to 
John Lee Hooker and Captain 
Beet11eart), blue guitar-wiz Jun-
ior Wat on and drummer de la 
Parra. 

The UCSD Guardian 

It's all too bad. Perhap Canned 
Heat was preparing them elves for 
disappointment. Why else would 
they name the album Reheated? 
I n 't that what you do to leftovers? 

-RIch Crepeau 

Liz Story 
The Escape of the Circus 
Ponies 
Windham Hili 

Visual mu ic. The improvisa-
tional piano can, with faith, tran-
cend traditional limit of the me-

dium. Liz Story has faith. Story 
has the ability to create vi ual im-
age through musical notation. [n 
reviewing The Escape of the Cir-
cus Ponies, her fifth release, [ re-
frained from reading the jacket or 
previewing the title before set-
tling to a good Ii ten. 

I wanted to have the opportu-
nity to form my own thought and 
image unbiased by any precon-
ception . 

Two ongs into thi purely im-
provi ational piano album, I began 
to relax . With the third tune, my 
mind started forming image : Thi 

ng began with a dark illusory 
forward followed by a body of 
oaring exuberance, of oul-felt 

sadne " and frolicking freedom. 
On thi one I might have 

cheated. After all, I had read the 
album title \! hen I picked it up. 
Maybe my mind made an uncon-

iou, conne tion, although that in 
itself is pretty amazing. 

The fourth tra k had a pa toral 
feel to it. very calming and quiet. 
Something like wind through a 
canyon. Th title : "Church of 
Tree ,'. Thi wa getting weird. 

Next came a rolling tune, strong 
and playful with a en e of ca-
den e, of ri e and fall. I had an 
image of children playing with 
china teacup . It wa called "The 

ounding Joy" - hum. Number 
ix wa a curiou unre olved ada-

gio of minor eventh and ninths 
that left me very much alone and 
wondering where I wa . Title: 
"Another Shore." [thought [might 
be doomed if one of the e titles 
turned out to be something called 

Arlstophanes' 

FROGS 

"Dream Murder." 
My mind turned inward with 

the next cut, a contemplative 
melody full of que rioning self 
doubt. 1 aw my own dark. 
answerless half through thi tune 
called "Incision." The following 
couple of numbers were unevent-
ful and I survived. 

Liz Story is a consummate tory 
teller. By virtue of seventy-two 
skinny ivory key she pin ca-
thartic vision . Bring your ear-
phones, a nice glass of red and a 
little faith. 

-Phil Ireland 

The Hollow Men 
Crests 
Arista Records 

Over the past two year the 
music scene in England ha be-
come dominated by band such a 
The Stone Ro e and the Happy 
Mondays, who combine p yche-
delic influence from the '60 with 
huffling dance beat and modem 
ensibilitie . 

After the chart uccess experi-
enced by the e group , a whole 

lew of money-minded young 
band re tructured their sound to 
fit in with the new crowd. 

The Hollow Men have prob-
ably been watching and taking 
notes, becau e their debut album 
Cresta i perfectly molded for chart 
succes . 

The ong on Cresta combine 
liquid guitar fill with fairly ge-
neric dance beats, and the re ult i 
a catchy album that i too una -
uming to be con idered a great 

record. 
"November Come ," the fir t 

ingle and one of the better tracks, 
i a funky wah-wah guitar workout 
with dreamy vocals and a sing-
along chorus achingly familiar to 
The Stone Roses' "Fool's Gold." 

"Pantera Rosa" starts promi -
ingly with a Smith -like strum and 
airy keyboards, but ends with 
pointless sample and Star Trek 
sound effect . "Headstuck," the 
be t song by far, tarts with a cool 
conga beat and funky guitar, and 
breaks twice for alto saxaphone 

Thursday, February 28,1991 

olos reminiscent of Branford 
Marsali ' work with Sting. 

Overall, the album i pretty at-
isfying and hint towards a po i-
bility of greatnes , but if you are 
looking for omething new and 
original, look somewhere else. 

- Jonah Pregerson 

Robert Forster 
Danger In the Past 
Beggars Banquet 

Some albums, unremarkable in 
a first Ii tening, have lyrics which 
call forclo er crutiny. Such i the 
case with Robert Forster' first 010 
album, Danger in the Past. 

While Forster's deadpan and 
sometime off-key, even whiny 
singing style is something of an 
acquired taste, the pure guitar ound 
and insightful lyrics provide sev-
eral memorable songs. 

"Leave Here Satisfied" explores 
a struggle berween wanting to hide 
from the pa t and the urge to come 
to grip with the reality of change, 
ignified by "dust on the piano 

key /du t on the backyard trees/ 
du t on the doorlock /but not on 
me," 

This could easily be Forster' 
own voice, a he reflect on his 
own past twelve year with The 
Go-Betweens, which ended with 
the group' demi e in 1989. 

Now For ter, who lives in Ba-
varia with his German wife and 
plays song for the neighborhood 
children, is free to write "hi tory of 
my heart" type ongs. 

If they appeal to you, fine. If 
they don't, find something else. 
The beauty of the e songs is in 
their per onal nature. 

Forsterexplore his own regrets, 
lonel iness, romanticism, fears, and 
yes, contentment (in "Justice"). 

Don' t buy thi album expecting 
to dance to it or to find catchy, 
hummable tunes. 

Mo tofthe ongsarefairlyslow, 
with a folksy feel, punctuated by 
stronger, emotional choru e . 

But if you like lyrics you can 
read, reread , and reflect on, Dan-
ger in the Past might be for you. 

- Hilary Stockton 

SUPPORT OUR 
SERVICEPEOPLE FAIR 

LONDON SMALL THEATRE COMPANY 
Price Center The.ter, UCSD 

Much • -3 _ 8:00 p.m. 

Show your support for our men and women in 
the Persian Gulf 

Price Center Box Office or TIcket Master: 
UCSD Community: $3.00 • General Public $6.00 

"The single best production of a Greek drama we've 
seen anywhere.· New Yorker 

"ThIs was the best piece of theater the San Diego area has 
seen for a long time.· Jonathan Saville, San Diego Redder 

Sponsored by Dean of Arts and Humanities, The Stewart Fund, Coundl of Provosts. 
Department of Literature, and Union of Oassldsts AS/UCSD 

(Quotes ~ln8 last year·s production ol CLOUDS) 

TOMORROW! 
from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.in front of WLH 

OPEN TO EVERYONE! 
Information • Food • Raffle * 

The SOS Fair is a neutral event neither for nor 

* 
against the war. 


