
INSIDE THE 

~DAY 
EDITION 
.OPlNlON 

Does ignorance run in 
multiples of three? Student 
Affinnative Action Commit-
tee Chair Vanness Harris 
thinks so, as he offers his 
perspective on three people 
whose works have recently 
appeared in the Guardiall 
opinion section/PAGE 5 

• FEATURES 
Students need not leave 

La 10na - or UCSD - to 
see theatrical perfoonances. 
Located on the Warren 
Campus, 409 Small stages 
cabarets and plays in 
progress every other 
weelcendlPAGE 9 

• SPORTS 
The UCSD softball team 

swept a doubleheader from 
viSiting Cal Baptist, 3-0, 2-1 
Saturday in its home finale. 
The Tritons' playoff hopes 
were severely damaged. 
however, due to a double-
header loss to rival CSUSB 
ThursdaylPAGE 24 

.HiATUS 
Veteran rocker Neij 

Young proved his diversity 
as a musician again at 
Tuesday's conceit at the San 
Diego Sports Arena. He 
performed with his band 
Crazy Hone, which offers 
an experience in sound, 
vision. and inrdlecL Social 
Distortion and the Buet Peu 
opened the sbowlPAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
UCSO Clipe ............... 2 
Opiniorl •....•••••..•..•..•... 4 
Features ..................... 9 
HIaWs ................•.•.. H1 
8pc)rI8 ..............• ~ •..... 24 

Back On Tap - Students lined up for free beer while listening to They Eat Their 
Own on Friday at the first TG held in the Price Center. 

Soviet Lawyer Speaks on Perestroika 
• Viktor Danilenko addresses current political issues 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

Suggesting that not all refonn in the oviet 
Union has been halted, Soviet lawyer and 
profes or Viktor Danilenko gavea lecture titled 
"The End of Pere troika?" at UCSD last week 
as part of the Regents Lecture Series. 

Danilenko works at the Mo 'cow In tillite of 
International Affair , an institute that trains the 
majority of the Soviet nion ' diplomat and 
pol icymakers. 

He is also involved in various debate over 
what direction the Soviet Union should take in 
the creation of a new constitution. 

"Taking into consideration the recent devel-
opments in the Soviet Union, [I] would ac-
knowledge that pere troika i over for the time 
being. But it does not mean that all the refonns 

[are over]- political, social, econ mical - not 
at all," Danilenko aiel. 

He remarked that he does not agree wi th ~ r-
eign journalist and their coverage of the current 
political ituation 10 the oviet nion. 

"Often,l the journalists] are speaking about the 
conflict between [Ru !>ian Republic President 
Boris] Yell In and [Sovict Pre ' illent Mikhail] 
Gorbachev," Danilenko !>aid. 

"Many American mass media emphasiLe the 
idea that now we can ee the hift t the right in 
favor of conservative forces in our country. I 
rather disagree with this point of view . 

'The speci fic characteristic of the pre~ent-day 
ituation [are] not shifting to the right , to the 

con ervative wing of political forces. The ~pecific 
characteristic of the pre ent-day situation i a very 

See SOVIET, Page 3 

UCSD Director 
Runs for Mayor 
• Nick Aguilar could be 
heading city of Chula Vista 
By Aaron Blanding 
Guardian Reporter 

The e days. D's Dir~ctor of pecial 
rvi es ick Aguilar d es more than just ad-

dress legal affairs at U D- he's als running 
for mayor of hula Vista. 

Aguilar. who has als 'erved as a member of 
a local school board in hula Vista ~i nce 198 , 
is ne f II candidah':s running to repla 'e fomler 
mayor and n \ decca~cd Gayle Mc antlli~s. 
The ~pecial election will take place on June 4 . 

Ac rding to a /:II/ll Il i.lrll Srll/,- ('II'S poll , 
guilar i~ cUIT\!ntl) running third in the fi e ld. 

The poll showed v t er~' preferences a~ being 
undecided (55.7 percent). r Ilowed hy hula 
Vista ity ouncilman Tim aller ( 18.6 per-
cent ), hula i!>ta bu!>im:~~l1lan han" Sc II (8.6 
percent), and then guitar (6.<) percent) . 

Ifelected. guilarwould be the lir.,t hicano/ 
Latin to win an elected IX)!o.ition in Chula i~ta. 
a ci ty where hican !Latino~ cOl11pri~e 38 per-
cent of the IJOI ulati n. 

The Sw/,- ('H'.I' poll ~howed Aguilar with 
18.2 percent f Ihe hican [Latino vote and 5.9 
percenl of the cauca~ian vote. 

But Aguilar play., down any lJue~tiun r race 
relati n., when di"cu~sln~' hiS campaign, and 
~ay!> he see~ hinhd fa., mor' of a ··role· model" 
than an aC li vi~t. 

Born and rai.,ed in South ' an Diq'o and 
ational ity. guilar I..now. the outh an 

Diego area well. After a tour in Vietnam, he 
earned a BachelorofAI1"degreeat U SD in the 
late 1960 '. 

In addilion to hi s ~cholastic work, Aguilar 
helped !>tal1 what is now the ducat ion utre,lch 

See AGUILAR, Page 3 

UCSD Professor Awarded Guggenheim Fellowship 
• Susan Davis will study animals, nature in mass culture for new book 
By Alyssa Enlow 
Staff Writer 

Susan Davi , an associate pro-
fe orofcommunicationatUCSD, 
has been named a winner of the 
1991 Guggenheim Fellowship. 
Davis is oneof 143 artists, cholars, 
and cientists chosen from among 
3,092 applicant to win the fellow-
ship. 

The John Simon Guggenheim 
Memorial Foundation of New York 
for Fellowship awarded a total of 
$3,790,000 this year. 

Guggenheim Fellow are ap-
pointed on the basis of unusually 
di tinguished achievement in past 
and exceptional promise for future 
accompli hment, according to foun-
dation officials. 

The purpo e of the fellow hip 
is to provide the opportunity for 
independent tudy and creative 
work. 

Considered one of the highe t 
foons of recognition throughout 
scholarly and artistic fields, the 
award will give her the chance to 
pend the next year researching how 

animal andnatureareu edas ym-
bois. 

That re earch will be part of a 
book she has been working on for 
several years, titled The Spectacle 
o/Nature. She hopes to u e the year 

tofinish herre earchand begin writ-
ing, and said she is looking forward 
to using the time " to be creative in 
[her] research." 

Davis described her proposed 
book a "a tudy of how animal and 
nature are spectacularized in rna s 
culture," and said he plan to ex-
amine "the way animal are turned 
into objects and manipulated as ym-
bois." 

"There is a hi tory of people 
u ing animal and nature to think 
about their own place in the world," 
he explained. 

Davis said that he hopes the 
book will provide a new "definition 
of environmental issue and prob-
lems" and a "discourse about ani-
mal and nature and how they relate 
to the popular environment." She 
ays part of her study will concen-

trate on the role of"perfonning ani-
mal ." 

A a professor with a doctorate 
in folklore, Davis said he wants to 
"cros a lot of boundarie "with the 
book, which she de cribe as being 
"on the edge of many disciplines." 

She hope her book will appeal 
to scholars in many fields, including 
communication, folklore, and his-
tory. 

Davi explained that her book 
relate to her field of communica-

tion in its examination of 
"image in rna culture, 
and their hi torical and 

evance." 

Davis aid the appli -
cation process involved 
propo ing a project and 
explaining its impor-
tance. 

Thisyearwa thelirst 
time she applied for the 
fellowship, and Davis 
aid he felt, " thrilled" 

upon hearing that he had 
won the award. 

" It 's an incredible 
honor and break Lo have 
a whole year devoted to 
re earch," 'he said, add-
ing that it has been hard 
to find the time for re-
earch in the pa t, con-
idering her obligation 

as a professor. 

Ann ie Sostrin/Guardian 
Guggenheim reCipient Susan Davis 

Davis' award reflects the contin-
uedsucce sofUCSO' Communi-
cation Depal1ment, a ' two other 
communication profes ors have 
won the same honor in recent years. 

"Few communication profe -
ors" have received thi fellow hip, 

Davi said, and "all [of those] have 
been from UCSD:' 

Last year, Communication Pro-

fes or Michael Schud on was 
among two UC D fellowship re-
cipients, and another member of the 
department , Dee Dee Halleck, al 0 
recently received the honor. 

Those honored with the fellow-
hip included 15 fa ulty mem-

ber ,including even winners from 
CLA. two ea h from Irvine and 

Santa Cruz, and one each from Ber-
kel y, an Fran i co, and Davi . 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Chainnan of Mexico's Federal DIsbict 
To lecture on Gaining PRI Support 

Enrique Jackson RamCrez, chairman of the Partido 
Revolucionario Institucional (PRI) in Mexico's Federal 
District, will be presenting a seminar on Wednesday in the 
second floor conference room of the Institute of the 
America Building from 3-5 p.m. 

Ramfrez, who was coordinator of transport in the 
Federal District under Manuel Camacho Solis, will be 
speaking about the effort to rebuild support for the PRJ in 
Mexico City, and pecifically to prepare the pany for the 
mid-teml elections in August. Both the pre entation and 
discussion will be in Spanish. 

KPBS Executive to Present 
Documentaries on Border Issues 

Third College will present two documentary films by 
Paul Espino a followed by a discussion at the Third 
College 20th AnniversaryCelebrationevent, "An Evening 
with Paul Espino u" on May 2 at 7 p.m. in Soli Hall 104. 

Espino a. executive producer of KPBS TV, has writ-
ten, produced, and ho ted program on border i ue and 
the experiences of people of Mexican descent. His award 
include even San Diego Emmys, three Cine Golden 
Eagle Award, and two Ohio State Award . 

The documentarie to be shown will be "The Lemon 
Grove Incident," and "Unea y Neighbors." Admi sion is 
free. 

Journalist Offers Uncensored Video 
Of U.S. Gulf War Involvement 

UTIle Gulf War Blackout : Sight Unseen. Words Un-
heard," a presentation on the American involvement in the 
Persian Gulf c nflict. wi ll be held on May 2 at 7 p.m. in 
Peterson Hall 108. llle event will feature a video titled 
"Nowhere to Hide." 

Independ~n t joumali ' t Dennis Bemstein will present 
censored stories from the Persian Gulf War as a video of 
un ensored footage shot in lr.lq at the height of the Allied 
bombing. and an unclassified 200-page Pentagon plan-

Calvin and Hobbes 
It '1C1J1Ot CLU~ o.U£.o 
'C~\j tN'S ~ 001'£: mt.N n" 
O\/>.I~I~G 1IIf. w,\o\E Qf TJifS 
CLIlI! 10 • ~i!nS I') ... ~ 

I'\.D>.·II.\OOE~ PJQ.I!~\.l ·.' 

!o\'i CLUB 
\)£010..\6 
ITSl:.l(: TOM. 

I OCS1l!IlCT\0I0l 
at 'iooR CLI»! 

\ 
• 0 

(;J:XiJ.' \ rs ... 
'at-m.E ~ '\\IE 

~\1'l151\! nilS 
I') Tolll ~~, 

I ..id-. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ning paper detailing an extensive United States military role 
in the reconstruction of Kuwait. 
Archive for New Poetry Sponsors 
New Writing Series of Readings 

The Archive for New Poetry at UCSD announces the New 
Writing Series for spring - poets reading from their works-
to take place on Wednesdays at 4:30 p.m. 

The readings will be in the Price Cenrer's San Franciscol 
Santa Cruz rooms. Admission to aU readings is free and open 
to the public. 

The poets are Robe.1t Gluck and Todd Baron on May 8, 
Elaine Equi on May 15, Fanny Howe and Michael Davidson 
on May 22, and Jerome Rothenberg and Pierre Joris reading 
their translations of Kurt Schwitters on May 29. 

One of Gluck's most recent books is Reader, which in-
eludes poems and short prose. He is the director of The Poetry 
Center at San Francisco State University,andacurrentvisiting 
lecturer at UCSD. 

Baron is the author of Return of the World and the recently 
published {his .. seasonal jouflUJI. Equi is the author of six 
collection of poet.'Y including View Witholtt Rooms, and 
SUliace Tension. Equi also teaches at New York University 
and is a coordinator for the Ear [nn Rending Series in New 
York City. 

Davidson is the author of The Prose of Fa (and Post Hoc. 
He al~o ha written The Sail Francisco Renaissance: Poetics 
and Communify af Mid·Cenrllry. Davidson teaches literature 
at UCSD. 

Howe is the reCipient of a 1991 National Endowment for 
the Arts poetry fellowship. She also writes fiction and children's 
books and teaches writing at UCSD. Rothenberg is the chair-
man of the UCSD Visual Arts Department. 

MEChA's Cinco De Mayo Festivities 
Include lecture by Caesar Chavez 

MEChA will sponsor Cinco De Mayo Festivities begin-
ning today and lasting until Friday. 

Among the events scheduled are "MEChA Night With the 
lntelllational Club" on April 29 from 5 to 9 p.m. at the 
International Center, and Chicana/Latina Day on April 30 
from 7 to II p.m. at the Cove. Events scheduled for Thur.>day 
include On the Green with a performance by Chicano Rap 
Group "A Lighter Shade of Brown" from 12 to 1 p.m. on May 
2 at the Price Center. 

TIle week-long event will also include a lecture sponsored 
by MEChA and Culture Quest featuring Ceasar Chavez from 
II :30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. at the Price Center and "Historical 
Briefing on Cinco De Mayo" with Victor Chavez and Jose 
Jimenez from 1 to 2 p.m. at the Price Center on May 3. 

00 ~rnI? WI:'U. ~ ~~ 
THAT.' '1I~"'T'> Ot4l'l tN 
'i())Q. ~ ~I>\S . ~ull i=/lCI::.' 

7 

by Bill Watterson 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

N SCIENCE I EWS-.= 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

Researchers Seeking Volunteers 
For Participation in Anxiety Study 

UCSD researcher.> studying the effectiveness of a new 
anti-anxiety medication need male and oon-childbearing 
female volunteer.> between the ages of 18 and 65 to 
participate in an eight week study. 

To be eligible, volunteer.> must be in good general 
health, but experiencing feelings of overwhelming ner-
vousness, worry or fear much of the lime over the past 
several months. 

Participants accepted into the study will receive, at no 
charge, a physical examination and follow-up in weekly 
clinic visits. 

For further infonnation, call Angela Drake ofUCSD 
Outpatient Psychiatric Services Research at 299-3510, 
x642, or Joanna Peterkin at x624. 

New Semiconductor Material 
Converts Sunlight Into Energy 

Scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory have 
discovered that a novel class of semiconductor material 
could potentially be exploited to convert sunlight into 
electrical or chemical energy. The Los Alamos effort 
successfully combined laboratory synthesis and character-
izalion ofthematerial with theoretical modeling toexplain 
its behavior. 

The research established a benchmark for techniques 
that can be applied to other materials with similar elec-
tronic properties, such as synthetic metals and high-tem-
perature superconductor.>. 

The material tudied at Los Alamos consists of chains 
of chemically similar molecu les called mixed-halide chain 
solids that can combine to form a single, milled crystal. 

.When light of sufficient energy strikes the crystal, the 
researchers discovered, it drives an electron across the 
junction between the different chemical chains and into a 
high-energy state. 

For the mixed-chain crystals, the electrons stay put 
when the light source is removed, providing a mechanism 
for storing electrical charge and energy. 

GUlrknIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, AfIInsgIng Editor 
LES BRUVOl..D, AssocIste Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Edtror 
BILL DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMILTON, AssocIlJte News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Edtror 
LARA HEISLER, AssocIlJte Arts Editor 
HEATliER HOI.. TZCLAW, Associate Sports Edilor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, $por1s Edilor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssocIIJle Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Edllor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Futures Edllor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, Artsifntet1lJinment Edilor 
Sorior SIIIt WriIn: Anion Bl1ner. 0 ..... Chait<en, S/yM Dias, Btia111OW, McIlaet 
Schwartz 
SIIrII Wr1Iers: Zachary Berman. PaJ Bishop. Walter Bills, fW:het Bfack!lrn, Ken BoUton, 
Detbe 8ror6cen, Gavin CIrisIy. Nr;f CIM<e. Palla Correa. T<rnmy CrawfOld. AIdl 
C<epau. Janes o.mw, Acbb Eirnest. Craig Elsten, Alyssa Eotow, David FerTIs, Pi'drM 
Gayton. 0 .... GhotArnani. Rex Grayrrer. Keny Hal. SiTm HoI:bs, Phi Irela1d, G-og 
KnarJss,Amy Knoke, Jenny Ko. Joel KInJrra\. Dave Urberg. Dave lott.Jenniter Meadows. 
IIegan 01<Hle, Ken Pemm, Jeft Prunan, Traci PoweI, DeIlbie Ro6enthaI, smathSarda, 
Eric Sdmict. Douc Shacde • .Mie Shennan. Stephanie SiTm,..rom Sted<ert, Jeff Stodef, 
Gregory W~. NaJIan Wilson. catlin WoodIIlotpe. SIreryt WoImll, Greg Wrf!1'l1 
PIU>gr •••. Roger- Hayasl>, Gai Johnson, OM McDoweI. Nne SostM. Jerrifer 
Vim 
II81nICn:Qm Lew.l.e9hAnne M;Comaug/ley. KatyRoe.Jonaf>;r, Traynham. Helen 
Tse, M.n IJpIergrow 
EdIDrIII ....... : Miguel Buckerrneyer, J<VreS Ingman 
l'/IIISlS: MeIssa Fawt. Ali Krawi!z. ~ O'Connei. Dave WyreI 

~ IIoidoN s; Grog HlJtsMrer, J ... PaIo!ay. Mar1ha PalcCay, Jess,e Spnnger 
~: G-aco Chili, Kalhie Gosser!. 0 .... WyreI 
TI8InIn!J DncIrn: Setl Staler. Dave Wyner 
BOB DeANDREA, Business Msnaller 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising MIInagll' 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Desillner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classffled Representative 
MwIIIIng flip ....... SIleny F~. Tani 5cho1er. 00uQ Shadde. KMIa Stango 
_1IinII_ lMMtllolong>o. O.r"oICaM. PooIoVaJodoid 
~: o.ner c.r.. Joe 1M. Mng lJI 

/ 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

AGUILAR 
Continued from page 1 
Program.Asa memberoftheUC D 
organization MEChA, Aguilar al 0 
actively recruited students of color 
to UCSD. 

SOVIET 
Continued from page 1 
trong polarizationofpolitical forces 

and increasing influence of extreme 
forces, both on the right and the left 
of the political scene," Danilenko 
explained. 

The UCSD Guardian 

currently serves as a member of the 
prestigiou National SecUlityCoun-
cil. 

[n ordeno pull the country out of 
its economic problems, Danilenko 
said that mea-
ure will have 

" 

He added that those finllS arc 
"not in a hurry" to invest, dcspite 
the govelllment's urgent need for 
hard curren y. 

One audence member a ked 
Danilenko if he 
believed that 
with all the dif-

NEWS 3 

cemed, the Parliment is under the 
control of tht: Idemocratic force I. 
But 5 percent of the indu try is 
under the direct control of the cen-
tral govemment." 

"[My goal] are fir.>t and fore-
most. .. for the good of the commu-
nity, whether they be conservative 
or liberal," Aguilar said. 

The polarization is occurring 
between two blocs of power, one 
supponing a rerum to a ocialist 
system similar to those under Le-
onid Brezbnev, the other pu hing 
for a less socialist and more demo-
cratic system. 

tobetakentosta-
bilize the ruble. 
the unit of So-
viet currency, 
which has no 
purcha s ing 
power in the 
world market-
place. 

Moscow, the capital of ferent political groups gaining 
influenc e, 
whether or not 
there would be a 
tearing apart of 
the union. 

In addition to his duties at th 
institute, D;ulilenko also pm1icipatcs 
in an organizmion called "Znanie" 
(Knowledge). 

The group, made up of bureau-
crats, administrators, and workers, 
invite ' profes 'ors and scholars to 
gi ve lectures and discussions on-

Hi policies as Rlayor, he ex-
plained, would be independent,just 
as his legal policies have been at 
UCSD. 

In fact, his proposal for "man-
aged growth .. of Chula Vista's ex-
panding east side in order to keep 
the west side of Chula Vi ta from 
deteriorating echoes concerns 
Aguilar has had about UCSD's 
growth causing the deterioration of 
the quality of education. 

According to Danilenko.the first 
priority of the socialist movement i 
to restore order, but what kind of 
order is unclear. He suggested that 
ordermightbere tOredbytheu eof 
force. 

the Soviet Union, is 
politically opposed to the 
central government. It is 
an amusing and interest-

Danilenko 
replied that he 
doubted it be-
cause inaddition 
to being frag-
memed within 

ite at factories and similar places to 
promote the spread of knowledge to 
the population at large. 

"We have too 
many rubles," 

ing situation, UCSD Sociology Department 
Chair Timothy McDaniel, who co-
ordinated Daniknk ' trip to San 
Diego. met him in September at a 
confer.:llce in Moscow. 

" 
Danilenko said. 
adding that there 
are two to three 
billion ruble of 

VIKTOR DANILENKO 
Soviet lawyer and professor 

"I try not to engage in SUbjective 
or partial treatment of an indi-
vidual," Aguilar said. 

He added that at both UCSD and 
the Chula Vista school board he has 
often been called upon to defend 
both sides of the political fence. 

Ifelected. Aguilar would have to 
leave both UCSD and the chool 
board. 

Aguilar said that he feels bad 
about leaving at a time of need, but, 
'after talking about it with my wife. 
we decided I could do more as 
mayor." 

He added that he hoped to have 
the chance to fill a void in Chula 
Vistagovemment caused by "a Jack 
of leadership." 

"My commitment, all my life," 
Aguilar says, "has been, not to pol i-
tics, but a commitment to public 
service ... for society." 

"That [would serve to] reverse 
the development of the ituation 
and to restore the ituation which 
was under Brezhnev or even under 
[Soviet dictator Josef] Stalin," 
Danilenko said. 

The other bloc, headed by 
Yell in, advocate lIch mea ure 
as a democratic congress for the 
entire Soviet Union, a market 
economy, free foreign investment, 
and encouragement of private en-
terprise and private property. They 
are al so opposed to the idea of a 
Communist Party. 

As for Gorbachev, Danilenko 
said that while he used to be influ-
enced by communi t hard-liners, he 
now occupies a middle ground be-
tween the two blocs. 

As proof, he cited the firing and 
subsequent recall of fOl1ller Minis-
ter of Domestic Affairs Vladimir 
Bakatjn. 

Bakatinwasrecentlyrecalledand 

what he termed "hot money," or 
money that is "in search of goods." 

"For each ruble, there [are] only 
eight to 10 kopeks of goods," 
Danilenko said. 

Last year, a foreign currency 
market wa established, allowing 
Soviet citizens to cam "ha.rd'· cur-
rency uch as the American dollar 
that may be spent on the open mar-
ket. 

[n an attempt to get rid of the 
country's flouri hing black market, 
the government also raised the ex-
change rate to match that of the 
black market. from six rubles to the 
dollar to 26 rubles per dollar, ac-
cording to Danilenko. 

Danilenko also mentioned a law 
that the Soviet government recently 
adopted which allow for full own-
ership of land and means of produc-
tion for foreign fiOllS that invest in 
the Soviet Union. 

Sun Gods. Eucalyptus. Third Dorms. Chancellor 
Atkinson • Stonehenge • Tritons • Central. Muir 
• Mac's Place. The Guardian. ISIS • Water Polo 
The Price Center • Construction • The Jolt Guy 

UCSD STUDENTS HAVE BEEN 
MISSING ONLY ONE THING 

Th': Um .. ~rs'ry Ihar 5 , nown lor n~v>ng rhe besr ot e,ery· 
Ih·nq .e,cepi a loor all leam I now has II a I B cause 
R"b:o 5 San Diego 5 la,onie Bata·sl~te ealery IS no,'; In Ihe 
new R nalssance TOlolrne Centre Just southeasl 01 UTC 
Come I aSI on our labdlous Fish Tacos Ol.tsad dlas 
Carr,tas Bu"'IOS Sala Me!lcanas and so muChO more We ~ 
e,en ha,e (ok! cer~ezas Ilor some lirlllS a muSI With 
'.\e .. ca~ tCOdI 
So come 00 IIi"cn Do dNer Hey anyume lusr do Rublos' 

"AI' AlA 

I ~.:,,, I: ~.:::;~ el ~~'II·,~·.I A,,! 
Localed al the Renaissance Towne Centre (jusl southeast of UTe). 

8935 Towne Cenlre Dr . • 453, 1666 • Open E.eryday 10:00 am - 11:00 pm 

•••••••••••••• 

them elves, the 
democratic forces lack practical 
power. 

"There are lots of centers of 
power. For example, Moscow is 
under the control of democratic 
force ," Danilenko sa id. "Moscow, 
the capita l of the Soviet Union, is 
politically opposed to the central 
goveOlrnenl. It is an amusing and 
interesting ituation." 

Danilenko said that about 20 
large cities are under the influcn e 
of democrats, but only at the city 
counci I level. 

'They do not have practical con-
trol over in titutes of power." 
Danilcnko said, referring to institu-
tion such as the policc, the ;lInlY, 
and the KGB. 

"More importantly, they do not 
have practical control over the in-
dustrial unions which aresituated in 
their territory," he continued. "As 
far as the Russian Federation is COIl-

According to McDaniel, he sub-
mitted a proposal suggesting that 
Danilenkocometo SDasague t 
of the regents to the Council of 
Provosts, who approved it and pro-
ceeded to olTer an invitation. 

McDaniel said that he was im-
prcsst:d with the Icvd ofdi~cussion 
that went 011 at Danilenko's lecture 
on TIlurday night. 

The lecture hall was nearly full, 
although most of the participants 
were community members inter-
spersed with a few students. 

"The lecture got a tremendous 
react ion," McDaniel said. 

He aJded that he had heard from 
. omeofthdaculty that they thought 
it was thebcM Regents Lectureever. 

Danilenko left San Diego this 
mOllling for Washington. D.C. He 
will speak to members of the Soviet 
embassy there. most of whom are 
his fOllller students from the insti-
tute. 

1991 CLEARANCE SALE 

£~~~[ffi[g[L 
[Q) [g~~ @ [NJ ~ rR1 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50% ·90°fc, 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

N 

• 75¢ RshTaCOS per~~11102mer • 
• Good al all Rub,a s local'ons e,eep'.J"ck Murphy D_ i~. • Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm Sunday 12 noon-5 pm ~;o., I J / ''''II r·, 3Z;o • I",r.1mdf + o~ I" s ... 5~ Pd II StadllJll1 CouJX>n r~LJI,ed Llml! one coupon per ~. • 
• 

customer per \11511 Not gOOd With any o ther o ffer .,. 
OHere'p,res May6, 1991 1I---ItJ.7uJ._. 

•••••••••••••• 
In Mission Bay, SDSU, Pacific Beach. Chula Vista, Encinitas, 

San Marcos, Point Lorna, EI Cajon. Kearny Mesa, Jack 
Murphy Stadium, and now in The Golden Triangle. 
Coming soon to Orange County (Tustin & Irvine). 

s 

~ml A·PPAREL DESIGNER ZONE rA 8250 Camino Santa Fe ~ I Miramar, California 
(619)450-3323 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Edilorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN, Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL. ews Edilor 

TM UCSD GMO,dItJII IS pubUJ.hed Ihree ames I week .. the Uf\l~"y 0( ClllforTu •. Sin DI~.o. 
ConlcnlS C IQC} 1 V leW! cl>prc:ued ~UI I'l'pKKftl !.he my)OIy voce r>f (he roll(Wlal bcMrd. ard ~ 001 
_ ....... 1' ,hooe of ,he UC BoW of R".nu. 1IK ASUCSO. _11K enUfe G_dI<»o .. afr 

THE PERSIAN GULF WAR 

Memo Was a Shameful Mistake 
On the urface, the Jan. 28 memo issued by Vice Chancellor 

of Academic Affairs Marjo rie Caserio and Academic Senate 
Chair Dougla.<; Smith 5CCm to be perfectly accep,able. The 
memo served 10 rem ind depanmenl chairs of guidelines in 
exi ling academic policy. In fact, Chancellor Richard lkinson 
said he was "stunned" when profes ors reacted so negat ively 10 
the memo allast Tuesday ' meeting of the Academic Senate. 

Atkins n houldn ' t have been surprised. At a time when a 
good dealof lhe UCSD campu feltdeep concem aboullhe talU 
o f lhose fighting and dying in the middle easl, the memo was 
coldly bureaucmtic - nothing but a citation of specific regula-
lion . Student acti vely prolested bolh for and against the war, but 
they weren' t alone - many fac ulty members were al<;o present 
ar the prote~ts. l as~rooms and lecture halls were buzzing with 
discussion of the war, and lin le else. A ll T s were tuned to 

In the mid t of all th i~, the aserio- mi th memo came acros 
,L<; an authoritarian ultimalum demanding Ihat the campus get 
bad. 10 bu~ine ~ a ' u~ual. And becau~c Ihe memo w~ direcled 10 
depanment chairs and program coordinal rs inMcad of fa ulty 
members lhem~el vc , it also seemed to trea t tho e facuhy mem-
bers who discussed the war in theirclasses as e rmnt children who 
needed a good spanking to get lhem to behave. 

At ama Barbam, han ellor Barbara ehling released a 
memo which ~aid , in part, thaI UCSB was "united today in 
orrow ... . We need one another. We cannot bear Ihe burdens of 

al1J(fcly and gnef alone." Uehl ing's memo w~ 10uching. and it 
was human. It admitted that all of us, as living creatures. felt a 
great dl!al of pain about what was going on in the Pen.1an Gulf. 

In compari n, all that UC D's adminiSlral ion could do was 
remind profes ors and their studenl to get back to work and 
fo llow Ihe academic regulmions, or else. The memo a en that 
fa ully members canno t change ~he subject maueroftheirclasses 
al will, becau 'C H lhal authority rests with the Chancellor." 

It is di sgu ling 10 Ihink that at a lime when people were dying 
in the Middle Ensl, all t hose in power at UCS D could do was issue 
an edict that reinforced the authority of Chancellor Richard 
Alkinson. 

UC PRESIDENT DAVID GARDNER 

Introductory Course Problems 
When Univcrs ily of California President David P. Gardner 

vi ited UCSD lasl week, he explained that the university has 
"nothing to apologize for" in lerms of the qualily of teaching. 

It would be difficult to argue with him: the universilY boast an 
internationally renowned faculty which has genemted 29 Nobel 
Prizes through lhe years and has more academic progmms consi -
lently rated among the nalion' s top 10 Ihan any other public or 
privme institution. But Gardner indic31ed he i not willing to re t 
on hi ' laurels. He feels there is room for some "demonstmtive 
change" - at lea 1 concerning the current state of lower division 
undergraduate education. 

"We layout a cafeteria of courses .. . " Gardner aid, " (the 
students! have difficulty distinguishing between the de ens and 
lhe enutes." Gardner may have been able to carry his idea even 
further - students in lower division (introductory) classes often 
can ' t even make their way to the dinner table. 

At every UC chool besides UC Berkeley (which i on the 
emester system), lower division students are often compelled to 

ab orb lot of information - often touching on the content of the 
entire depanment - in just IO shon weeks. When and if sludents 
get to the des ert, the course is already over. 

This is pan of the problem: introductory classes merely "touch ., 
opon aspect of the field without allowing for ub tantial depth . 
This method makes the leaming process extremely frustrating, 
and also quile difficult. Not that introductory courses should be 
eliminated entirely from the curriculum, but that students should 
not be overburdened with cumbersome and unnecessary informa-
tion - information that could be eastiy devoured by hungrier 
upper-<iivision tudents. 

When Gardner finally hift hi focus from the current tate-
widefi calcri i ' . it is not a1logether impossible that the UCcourse 
cafeteria' menu may undergo ome seriou changes. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 29, 1991 

TRAYNHAM 
EvOLUTION OF ntE TRICKlI-DowN THEORY 

Don't you understand? The more cotton you pick. 
the more money I make, and the better able I am 
to take care of you. This money trickles down to 
you . I'lt be able to buy bigger baskets and maybe 
even a cotton gin to make your work easier. 

~ (Z\~ ~ 

CLOSE-UP 

Don't you understand? For the Reagan and 
Bush terms, there has been less taxing and 
regulating of big business. The more big 
business made, the more it trickled down to 
you in the form of more Iow'paying jobs, 
higher taxes , and less financiat aid. 

\ ~ '/J,i\ v~~ 
~ 

A Fortune Cookie Without Any Answers 
• How do you read to losing someone close to you? 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

Thi i going to read like a mmbling, disjointed 
monologue. And thar's because it is. r wish I could 
sum the whole thing up in a sentence and produce 
a neat, well-organized summary that I could 
proudly hand to a Humanities TA, but I can't, 
because I'm not really sure myself what this is all 
about. 

My mom passed away in late January. She was 
my best friend, aDd this was my first experience 
with death. Like most people in their youth, I had 
always, to a cenain degree, thought of myself as 
indestructible. Not in the 
sense that [ could jump 
off the Empire State 
Building and float to a 
nice, soft landing - but 
indestructible in the sense 
that nothing bad would 
ever happen to me. I had 
my whole future in front 
of me, and nothing could 
take that away from me. 

how ['m supposed to feel. [ miss her a lot, and 
I'm sad. But am I supposed to be depressed? 
Am I supposed to withdraw into a shell? Am [ 
supposed to drop out of school and get myself 
back together? Am I supposed to be philosophi-
cal? 

At first, I chose the latter. Those are the 
breaks life deals you .... You pick yourself up 
and move on .... You play the cards you're dealt. 
I staned sounding like a fonune cookie with 
legs. It didn't take much to stop that bit-
"Kofucius"l am not. 

At times J chose to be depressed. There was a 
stretch during finals week 
where I actually (oh, 
please don't kick me out 
of the macho club for this 
one) cried myself to 
sleep. But this act quickly 
got old. I had no desire to 
be put on some medica-
tion ending in -iacio 

Suddenly, she died, 
and I was reeling. My 
wall of invincibility had 
been punctured by an 

CLOSE·UP / ,=. -

I haven't withdrawn 
into a shell- at least, I 
don't think so - and 
have no plans to do so in 
the near future. I thought 

ape-sized ice pick. 
Vulnerable only begins to describe how my family 
and r fell No longer was it the perfect family 
living the American dream. No longer was it the 
husband and wife with their two obligatory kids. 
All of a sudden it was a father working nine hours 
a day, a l2-year-old kid living in an empty house 
six days a week. and a son in college whose 
contact was limited to the weekend pbooe call. 

I was lost, and looking for some sort of lesson 
to emerge from this mess. I'm not a religious 
person. Bible groups see me and they scurry for 
cover. But now I found myself asking empty 
rooms for answers: why bad this happened to my 
family? 

Why was the woman who had held me when I 
was a baby, who had screamed herself hoarse at 
my soccer games, who had stood proudly at my 
high school graduation, who had consoled me 
when I was a lonely fresbman preparing to leave 
home for the first time . .. why was she gone? 

I didn't know how to react. And I still don't. 
People memion her death, and I joke about it. I 
don't feel bad about joking. because I'm not lure 

about dropping out of 
school but eighty-sixed 

that idea pretty quickly at the prospect of the 
ghost of mother-past coming back to give me a 
swift kick in the ass. She would have been right 
too. Quitting is not the answer. 

So w~ did that leave me? Back at square 
one, and still without answers, Maybe there 
aren't any. Life happens and you deal with it. 

But there I go acting like a fonune cookie 
again. All I know is that I have many memories 
of mom: boat trips, plane rides, Thanksgivings, 
Christmases, bad meals, pod meals, arguments, 
learnins to drive, the times I wanted to crawl 
under a Ng and hide in embarrassment at the 
things she was doing - so many. 

And I remember alltbe lessons she taught 
me: alwayS"pve your beat, never be afraid to 
fail; don', eat so fast - the original fanuDe 
cookie. 

But perbaps the most imponam thing she left 
me with wu her image: a strong, vibrant, witty. 
inteUipnt, bard-working woman rJel'cely loyal 
to the people she loved. I'll never forget her. 

'Ibanb, mom. I won't let you down. 

Monday, April 29, 1991 The U CSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Welcome to the "Tri-Idiot-Thon" 
Editor: 

Sin e ignorance seems to run in 
multiple o f three, it is only fair that 
[ elabomte on anicl written by 
three individuals in hope of allevi-
ating the burden of SllIpidi!y. 

Mr. Tmynham (ldiotl), yourcar-
toons staned off in the direction of 
cul1ural awareness and ensitivity, 
but il seem that the political arena 
of commentary is a bit too rich and 
refined for your category. Simplic-
i ty and animalion seem to be an area 
where your juvenile kills are be 1 
appreciated. 

On April 18 youcommentedon 
your refusal to sell out your belief 
forpolilical gains. Specifically, you 
mentioned the opponunity to be-
come an editor. Do you really think 
that becoming an editor will give 
you a political advantage in some 
areas of education or commentary? 
I th ink not. 

Later in the article, you allude to 
the facl that SAAC wishes to stifle 
the voices of the writers on the 
Guardian s taff. Wrong ! Attentive-
ness and perception are clearly two 
of your weaker areas. For your own 
personal edification , let me clarify 
SAAC 's goal, because you seem a 
little obtuse in di gesting our mo-
tives. 

We solely aimed at making the 
Guardian. slaff aware o f the con is-
tent negative lereotypical views and 
derogatory remarks that were being 
published. We also felt il ourobliga-
tion to raise the level of awarenes 
and sensitivity IOward under-
represented students. In a brain de-
voidof intellectual absorplion space, 
I can see how you easily miscon-
strued our intentions. Don' t worry, 
I forgive you! 

You also pointed out in this very 
same anicle the lack of SAAC's 
suppon for your cartoon about 
Zachary Berman (Idiot U). Need [ 
remind you that as a member of 
SAAC, specifically the African-
American Student Union, we have 

rarely een your attendance, up-
port, or intem tion Wilh lhe SAAC 
group . Did you really think SAAC 
would run to your aid? I think not! 
Agai n you as ume (as many other 
idiot o f your calibre do) that ju t 
because you are an underrepresented 
individual, it makes you an aUlhor-
ity on the way all of them Ihink and 
act. Wrong! 

Toconc1ude my synopsis on Idiot 
1,Iet me point out thai if the Guard· 
ian were to be eliminated, maybe 
credibility could be given to real 
papers like the /lew inaicaror. Mr. 
Tmynham, it is clear that lhe only 
things that are misdirected and trivial 

are your assumplions that SAAC 
needs or wants theGLIardiall ' help. 

Mov ing on 10 our next idiol, we 
encounter a rare breed of dereli ct 
species: Mr. Zachary Berman. 

Usually, your an icles wouldn' t 
warrant me getting into a batlle of 
wits with an unarmed individual, 
but the anicle, "Don ' I Wrile Off Ihe 
Military Just Yet," does need a little 
attention. 

You open by suggesling that 
blacks could conceive of the mili-
lary as a profession. Obviously, re-
ality seem to e cape you! If you 
opened your eyes and viewed soci-
ety, you would see that blacks don' t 
usually aspire to make a career out 
of the military. 

As a direct consequence of the 
white, Anglo-Saxon male des ire to 
dominate our nation, African-
Americans have been forced inlo 
menial work. [fyou would open that 

confined, narrow perspective and 
leI knowledge queezc into the 
dumpsite you call a mind, maybe 
the piClure would be clear. 

But, in light of your inabililY to 
fathom Ihe experience of African-
Americans in the U.S., il is of no 
surpri e Ihat you are devoid of all 
common ense. Blacks are not ob-
se ed with numerical rac ial equal-
ilY. We are, however, obsessed with 
recapturing our heritage and e Iab-
Iishing the true history of America; 
a nation buill on the ba ks and lives 
of slave . 

The only thing that i blatanlly 
false is that the source of your igno· 
rance leads you to believe Ihat in a 
working world, a high chool di-
ploma can open many doors. If so-
ciety is so mce-consciou , then why 
do we need services like Affirma-
tiveAclion,mce-based cholarship 
and MBE loans? These service 
were implemenled 10 rectify and 
combat ocielY' inabiliry tojudgea 
person by character and not bycolor. 
(So und familiar?) 

What we often think o r believe 
does not correspond 10 reality. If 
you 0 trongly believe that a high 
school dipl oma can lake you so far 
in life, Ihen why do you seek a 
diploma from an institulion of higher 
learning? 

L'ner in the anicle. you made a 
comparison between an individual' s 
responsibility in the mil ilary and 
one's responsibil ity as a student. 
One can ' t compare apple to or-
anges, if you know what [ mean. If 
not, then let me explain it 10 you. 

In the military you are disci-
plined according to some system-
atic ideal of personal behavior. In 
college, you are free 10 develop and 
engulf a variety of mediums which 
add flavor to your personality. 

Our primary problem with bolh 
the military and the government is 
that rigorous recruitmenr is under-
taken in areas where a majority of 

See IDIOTS, page 6 

Letter WrHer Misunderstood SAAC's Role 
Editor: 

This letter is in response to the 
one published in the Monday, April 
27, 1991 issue of the Guardian. 
That letter. entitled "Reader Reacts 
to a Wide Range of Campus Is-
sues," was penned by the ever-
anachronistic and often self-pro-
claimed champion of the "What's 
wrong with the status quo?" and 
"What's wrong with this picture?" 
factions, who is known as 'Name 
Withheld.' 

lllough J hesitate to become em-
broiled in a rete-ii-tete with an un-
named opponent, I would, nonethe-
less, feel remiss if! did not clarify a 
point addressed in the aforemen-
tioned letter. 

It was written (incorrectly, I 
might add), in the letter that "SMC 
only deals with 'people of color'." 
Quite simply, that could not be fur-
ther from the truth. For the record, 
pennit me to proffer the facts . 1be 
Student Affirmative Action Com-
mittee (SAAC) is an advisory panel 
in service 10 the Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs (VCUA). 
1be Committee, at the bequest of 
the VCUA, undenakes research and 
makf>, appropriate recommenda-
tion where necessary on issues! 
concerns and on programmatic/ser-
vice needs which impact underrep-
resented students at the University 

of Califomia, San Diego. 
SAAC'sconstituentmembership 

includes a representative from the 
following studentorganizations: the 
African American Student Union 
(AASU), the Asian Pacific Swdent 
Alliance (APSU), theDisabled Stu-
dent Union (DSU)*, the Native 
American Student Alliance 
(NASA), the Movimiento Eswdiatil 
Chicano AztIan (MEChA), and the 
Women's Resource Center 
(WRC)*. Note: The two organiza-
tions indicated by an asterisk do not 
limit membership to students-of-
color only . These organizations 
serve the needs of all students, re-
gardless of ethnicity orcultural heri-
tage, who fall within the parameters 
of their special population. 

For those in attendance at the 
recent awareness rally on media 
coverage issues, I'm sure you noted 
that these populations were well-
represented. 

I must say that such incorrect and 
misleading [and oftentimes mis-
guided) information as the state-
ment in the "Reader Reacts ... "letter 
reflects a significantpanofthe prob-
lem which caused "Name With-
held" to get on the proverbial high-
horse. Such "mis-statements" how-
ever, serve only to perpetuate the 
view that under-rcpresented students 
have no right to cry "foul" when 

egregious ci rc umstances be fall 
them; and thaI in so doing, they run 
the risk of having that concem rel-
egated as just another overly-sensi-
tive, "people-of -color problem " that 
must be borne by the innocent and 
well-intentioned status quo. 

The bottom line is that people 
should know what they' re writing 
and saying, and be responsible 
enough to accept the consequences 
when what has been offered is not 
accurate. And ye ,that does include 
inaccurate information presented in 
commentaries. 

J purposefull y choose not to ad-
dress other issues of the letter, as 
that would only funher award cred-
ibility and precious time to an other-
wise pointless commentary. The 
letter is, however, that individual's 
opinion and [ fully recognize the 
pri vilege to offer those sentiments. 

In closing. I must say that it was 
wonderful to have received a pro-
motion from Director of Student 
Affirmative Action Progmms to 
"Sir." Such platitudes are, indeed, 
worthy only of the illustrious and 
chivalrous protectorate of the uni-
verse, "Name Withheld. "Please feel 
free to contact me, at x46708, if 
additional enlightemnent is required. 

Anthony Jemison 
[ijrector,Student 

Alftrmative Action PrograJlL'll 

OPINION 5 

Ca~--C[] pi{~~:J 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

l,.ound Table Pizza 
FREE DELIVERY .. 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
•••••••••••••••••••• 
• 400 COUPON EXPIRES 6/30/91 

• Large Fabulous 5 : 
• A thin crust pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, • 
• olives, peppers and onions. $1199 • 
• 

Offer valid 011 o;",,'n. Carry{lvt or OeINtry. plus tI<X • 
Not valid With any other offer or discount. 

• PRid'. C£NTER/BULL·S rYE T,,-vrRN • 

457·2060 W~RoundTablePizza. L •••••••••••••••••• ~ ~Ol COUPON EXPIRES 6/30/91 'I 
• Purchase an $8.99 Medium Thin Crust • 
• Pepperoni and purchase the next one for ONLY • 

: orany s ln~~;;~M THIN CRUST $ 00 : 
• 

Offer valod on o;""'n. Carry{lvt or 001,,,,1'1. 4 plus tltX • 
Not valid witn ~ other oHar Of Oiscount. 

• 457 2060 PRiCECENT£RJ8ULL' SEYET"-V~RN • 
• W~ RoundTable Pizza. 

• ••••••••••••••••••• 
• 40. COUPON EXPlRES 6/30/91 • 
• Purchase a $10.99 Large Thin Crust Pepperoni • 
• and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
• or any slngteLARGE THIN CRUST $ 00 • 
• Offer valid on o.n&ln. C.rry{lvt or Oel,very. 6 plus tRx • 
• Not valid w,tn any otner offe' or d,scount. PRiCE CENTER/BULL'S rYE T,,-vrRN • 

• 457·2060 ~(iJJRoundTablePi;:za • p ••••••••••••••••••• 
• 403 COUPON EXPlRES 6/30/91 • 

• $2°0 OFF • 
• • 
• LARGE nilCK OR THIN CRUST • 
• Offervalid 011 Oi~n . Corry.Out or OeilllOry. • 
• 

Not ... elHi with any other oHer Of' discount. • PRJC£C£NT£R/BLlLL'S EYE T"-VERN 

• 457.2060 {;(iJJRoundTablePizza . • 
•••••••••••••••••••• 



6 OPINION 

~TEPAHEAD 
AT 

THE BEACH 
THIS 

SUMMER 
California State University 

Long8eeeh 
lafge selection 01 selenee, business and fin. arts classes • No 
residency restrictJona-no IOImal admission to CSULB • Three 

6·week sessions-12 units In 12 weeks . Mor. than 1500 classes 
to choose Irom • Dorm rooms available at low r.t. • Units are 

translerrable • Low COS1tultion 

3 SESSIONS 
o June 4·July 13 0 June 25·Augusl3 0 July 16·Augus123 

Call lor 8 FREE cIs" lChedule (213) 985·5561 Of wr l1e 10 Summer 
SauJona, CSULB, 1250 Belillower Blvd., Long Beach, CA 90&40 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Dai ly son Lenscs Extcnded Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

• Quallt)' Ii)'.c.r. 
• _ ••• on.bl. ~rlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Includes: Shampoo and quality hairCUt. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Fu ll service prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists . To Insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays . 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M·F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

I-IAia 
Gi=\APFliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jo lla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's , SavOn) 

T he UCSD Guardian Monday, April 29, 1991 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

UCSD Students Are Neither Gullible Nor Ignorant 
Editor: 

[ was looking through the Guard· 
ian today, and I found one of the 
mo t arrogant and foolish qUOtes I 
have ever seen. I could hardly miss 
it, as it was written in huge prim, 
totally dominating the page. 

Ln a recent SAAC/Guardiall fo-
rum(Friday,Apr. 12) ,Vannes Har· 
ris claimed, in reference to Marc 
Uptergrove's cartoon about Mexi· 
can fighting touri ts, that "if you 
put thi particular view out and 
people are ignorant of ii, they wi ll 
believe it." 

This, first of all, assumes that 
UCS D tudent are ignorant of 
Mexican culture. This alone is a 
foolish assumption and make the 
whole argument look pretty unin· 
formed. 

Second, and even more in ult· 
ing, is the assumption that the stu· 

IDIOTS 
Comtinued from page 5 
underrepresented people live. work, 
and go to school. r can personaIJ y 
attest to growing up in lUl environment 
where opporrunitie for success in 
other fields seemed. lim. I was deter-
mined 10 fight my way out of igno-
rance. Forthoseofu whodo l1ot have 
enough encouragement or stamina to 
release us from the gripofsociety, the 
military seems the only way OUL 

Of course, any idiot can give one or 
two examples of underrepresented 
achievers, like Chairman of the loint 
Chiefs of Staff Colin Powell or Com· 
manderGeneral Calvin Wallertodem· 
onstrate a point. but il takes litemcy 
and research to show a trend. 

Your mentality of "one or two 
blacks succeeded.. so why can 't the 
rest of them do it" is typical of the 
diseased ignorance spreading on our 
campus and in our nation. Afiican· 
Americans hope that society will tan<! 
as an example (0 the blacks in the 
mil itary, that racism has been de-
stroyed,ru1d (hat meritocr.lcy has taken 

dents of this university will blindly 
believe anything they read. Such a 
statement is so blatlUltly ab urd ( 
was hocked that the GlIardialleven 
wasted its ink in printing uch non-
ense. 

Indeed, (question the intelligence 
of Victor ieblas and Mr. Harris in 
calling Marc Uptergrove' cartoon 
"racially slanted" in the first place. 
Was it the sombreros that insulted 
them? Then maybe depicting a 
Scotsman in a kil! i raci t too? 
Perhaps you would care to poke fun 
at an Irishman and his whiskey?The 
sombrero is a part of Mexican his· 
to!)" and when Mr. Nieblas denie 
the pride of wearing a sombrero, he 
denie hi own heritage. 

And if it isn't the headgear, per-
haps it is the fact that the Mexicans 
are armed with produce? Perhap , 
in fine American tradition. they 

its place. Let'S not confuse this point. 
In conclu ion to (diot n, L hope that 

you, Mr. Berman, will think before 
you write. If you arewilling toputyour 
head on the chopping block, I guaran· 
tee I will swing. 

Finally, to urn up my Tri·ldiot· 
Thon, J will make light of the letter 
written by lUl unknown idiot in the 
April 22, 1991 issue. 

Dear Unknown Idiot ill: 
You obviously failed to learn the 

logistics on common sense in Home· 
Training l40A. To clear your feces· 
stained mind, SAAC only deals with 
i ues concerning underrepresented 
groups. The Jewi h community does 
not happen to be specifically under-
represented on our campus in lUly 
given way. 

If you think Uptergrove's canoon 
)Vas particularly amusing, you are the 
type of racist bigot on whom I would 
love to defecate. Not to defend Idiot I, 
butto make a distinct clarification for 
the Unknown Idiot m, the point of 
Traynham's canoons are to awaken 
discharge as yourself to subtle stereo-
types perforating our campu . 

would prefer them to be anned 10 
the hilt with Rambo-like machine 
gun and grenade launchers? 

I consider the humorous depic· 
tion of the Mexican ' stand perhap 
one of the greatest compliments a 
people could receive. Only a person 
with an entirely backward foml of 
morality could possibly call it an 
insult. 

This sorry example of raci m 
was the only article SAAC could 
drag out in its latest witch hunt 
against raci m. As for commentar· 
ies, the only way you can top those 
i withdirectcen orship. Hopefully 

AAC ha not tarted demanding 
that yet. 

I implore the GlIardian to keep 
up it good work. Don't let a vocal 
few impair your ability to inform 
the student body at this university. 

Eric Karich 

To even attempt to suggest An· 
thony Jemison, dtrector of Student 
Affirmative Action Program, is defi-
cient to any degree in education, is to 
commit mental suicide. Mr. Jemison 
isoneofthemost literatelUld articulate 
individual that I,oryourcreator, will 
ever come aero . 

To conclude Unknown Idiot m: 
You need to first develop the nerve 10 
state your name, and second, you 
should investigate the local "head" 
shop for a new brain. 

We have now completed our Tri-
Idiot· Thon. I must now pick a winner 
and award it the Medal of Idiocy. In 
laboring over my decision, I find it 
difficult to pick the candidate most 
worthy of this award. I therefore con· 
tend it a three-way tie. 

rn closing, I would like to leave 
these idiots with a few words of wis· 
dom: 

If one is ignorant, it is better to 
remain silent than to speak and assure 
everyone. 

Vanness Harris 
Chair, Student 

Affirmative Action Committee 

Traffic accidents happen all the time. 
Cars are damaged. People get hurt. But dId you 

ever rea lly think one would happen to you? 

1·800·\VIIAT NOW 
You might think you'll n~r 

need it, but here's a phone num· 
ber to remember anyway. 

1·8()().WHAT N(JoN. It's a direct 
line to the Georg9in & Shann law 
office nearest you, and if you're 
ever the innocent victim of , car 
accident, we can help. 

We'll do ,II we can to get the 
settlement or aw, rd you deserve. 
And our fee comes only from 
what we collect for you. 

Se remember the number. 
1-800-WHAT N(YtN. You might 
need it someday. 

Auto Accident Anorneys 
Mil lion VAI6ey ~ City (I CAjon OcNrllide 

2851 ~minoDelllio S. 17175WfttW.I.rRd. 561 N. M~nol"M. 2204EI~minoR.a l 

Monday, April 29, 1991 The UCSD Guard ian 

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '91 
with a $92.00* per night 
Graduation Package 0 
June 14-16 including 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ . 

Vefl I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $ 35 *(reg. $55) 
1 5pruk plugs Ovr rune up mdudes a leI mOle /han o/hels. II InCludes. 

a celebration bottle 0 
of champagne 

2 OlSlnb\Jlor po.,1S 6. Clean & repleflish all fluid & 011 levels 10. Ched< undelcarnage lor damages 
3 Condensers 7 Check brakes 11 Ched< cooling syslCm & hoses 
4 Ad,USl limlng 8 Check clulch 12 Road lesl 
5. Ad,USl dwell ar.gle 9 Check lights 

,,",:~~oint M,~j2!~ .. e!~S~2£eCial l'~~~· 

o 

o 0 

o 
o 

o 

o o 
Turn graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 

Sunday Brunch 
served in 

Barcino Grill 
Sunday June 16 

11 am - 2 pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552-1234 
1-800-233-1234 

H __ Y-A-T, T 
11 c . !~. ( '1 
t A J 0 l l I\. 

Ar AVENrlNE 

H)'3n RcgcnC) La JQlla at Arcnline, i7i 1.:1 J"IIJ \'llIag, Dnrc, San Dlcg", C.A Q~ I ~~ 
it ingle or duuble ()(CUpanly. Based l'n SpJel' J\'JllabJlu) ~Ol yahd with am' uth1.:r nAl'r 

2. Valve a~uslmen: 11 . AdjUst liming 21 Chcd< & replenISh all 28 Chcd< and recharge 
Replace 12. Ad,USl dweH angle IIUld and oollevcls banery. II necessary 

3 Volve cover gaskel 13 AcIUSI carburelor 22 Check eletncal sYSlem 29. ROlate IIres \If needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. AdJuSl steeling box 23 Check lor loose or IOSI 30 Ched< ure pressure 
5. ll!stnbulor POUltS 15 AdJus wr & luel ratM) mlA boilS 31. Lube door hinges 
6 Condensers. 16 Ad,usl dutch 24 Ch€ brakes 32. Check all holders 
7 Air liner. 17. Ad,USl brakes 25 Check clulch 33 Ched< ccoolin9 system & 
8. 011 lillef. 18 AdjUst emergency brakes 26 CheCo< hghls hoses 
9. Gas Idler. and 19 Check & ad,usl e'posed 27 Check undercarriage lor 34. Ched< exhaust system 
10. EngIOe oil belts damages 35 Road leSl 

20 Lubo Iront end 

N~. F~6q'_C'C;;PUI~t~O CI2~tW~8h'j~b5 $169 · 
WelB{iace 

1 TransmiSSIOn .,put shah seallexcep: 4 Throwoul boamg NOle Hydraulic pans are not covered 
Hondas 5 PilOt beaflngs NOI for 4WD Front wheel dflve eXlra 

2. Prelisure plate 6 New vansmlss,on 011 . 
3 Clulch diSC 7. Road tesl 

Brake Job Special $39 ·(reg. $80) 
Front or lear. Brake lOb mdudcs 

1 Install special new pads or ,nstall rear brake shoes 5 Bleed enure brake syslem 
2. Or~n old brake lIuld 6 AdJusllront (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. InsjlCC1 complete hydrauliC syslem 7 Replace Ironl rolor sedis (II rotor turn) 
4. Relill hydraulIC flUid 8 Road lesl 
NOIS Hydrauhc partS are not tn(;!udf(j 

Brand new part5. Ask about our special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OO()..mile limited warranty. 

All prices include parts and labor. 

overseas 
AulDmolive Repairs 

('most cars) 
B008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

W,lh this ad. Expires 514/91 
I"a ll lor appo,nlment. 

.+ ••••• + 
TOWing and rental car available. Monday·Friday. 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

.""..-, 
,/ '\ .. ~(e.~ :-(" () 
\ tf:~"'"'' / Enter PrizeFest. 
'--,; It's quite possibly the lTIOst colossal 

sweepstakes in the history of academia. 
(As far as we know.) 

VEta- 1 brand new, 1991 Nissan' NX 1600' ~ S Honda Elite ~ SOE scoolers 
(,!t11@t:' 1 set of 4 passes to Club Med' , Cancun" ~. 2 Backroads Bicycle Touring' trips" for2 ft 4 Specialized' mountain bikes 

. 25 Sony' Discman' systems I OWT~ 11 Nordstrom gift certificate 1 Sic' windsurfer board 
(I: ;- 2 Apple' LaserWriter' LS printers • 2 Apple Macintosh' LC 2140 color systems 

This is big. Really big. 
With 44 winners and more than S46,OOO in prizes in 

Southern California. PrizeFest mighl well be a historic 
event. Even so. i('s surprisingly simple to win. Just stop into 

your campus computer reseller and fiJi out an Easy Entry Fonn. 
While Ihere, take a look at the perfect computer for tudents and 

~ 

• l)rize Fest 
.... ·mI 

faculry alike-4he Apple \ lacintosh LC 2140 computer. 
[t 's the f'1ost affordable color ~Iacintosh ever. More good 
news: You can now buy an Apple ~rac intosh computer el'er\, 
two years! So if you purchased one in 1989 and you're ready to 
upgrade, go right ahead. Enter Prize Fest. And enter today. With a 
little luck, you could come away with something that's really something. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE I II ",,1 1 I I ' " , '" I 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MON - FRI BAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Check out the low cost of the Macintosh Le 2/40 color system! 
'NoI-.... ... __ ~ .. ...-.,. c....n _...-. _ . NO PURCHASE NeCESSARY. Vol4 -.. __ Or lOw. SooIW\ ·e .. , E"", F"",,'Iot _ "" .... , .......... cIol . ..... s--_ .. _ . ___ ._~ c'.'_c.n.-.~ ...... _ . _ ... _Iogo . ......... _'--..... __ .. _""""-.rc. 

7 



8 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
1011d~y·Thundly 1100 tm-4 10 pm. Fnda)s - t< 00 Im-1 00 pm, 

Even,lns "'00 IVlllable The Unluacc Prov.am pro\rtdcsanu.uncc 10 
student! Vl<h~ rullU laniua,c Ii not En,I~h lind 10 I~ dotn, worlan 
Japif'lCj(.llI.llltn.Spoinlsh, rrtfk:h. Gcmgn. Vl(lnlllmnc:,.nd RU"~ll.n A 
dll,llOIiorlC I~iol on \Ionlten En,h'oh''':1 ~ 1,1I11:.IUI,(" available on 

~ue" Call S)4~21t1J ror tnOi't' 10(om uon Old Sludtnl Crnlcr. Bid, 
A. Room ,,214 Freet 

Moodoy-Frod.y 

":00 Im"'&:.a6 pm (E\'c!1Ing :lproolfluncn!\ ,191 .\.Iulahlr) Thr: OA S(S 
Wnlln,CenlCt IU frCC''ioCrtk.C fur.aU UCSOMU(k'nb WCO(fCI one- tUOf'l( 
.. nun, coo(crcocc:s (or Ill) type or .. nun, PfOjCCI - acodcmtC p4pen. 
pt:l')Onal SI ICrMnIS. e~cn ~h:mC't .I'IIJ poem". Our taft o( trained 
uAdcrlfldullcs. Voho tonK' from. \I:&tlCly u( IlI..lJemtC dlk."phne~. can 
htlp you ~ 0I"T'It. I mort tllc(,.U,"C "HUt" CIlII .1 '4·2184 10 !NIle an 
'pprllnlmtrU or drolp by our OftlLC In the: olJ SILldcm CeRlU, 8ulklln, l\ . 
R 214 rre~ 

it OOI'lrn.4 . .lO pm utOASI Ruden •• nd SuJdy Sllih hr:lp)oo thIS 
qUlner With time: nunl;:emt:nt. nocct.I"lOc,nuJtcml pKpmlloo, and \.C'3.1 
l.aMnplrol,c,It'S Slop~) L'Sn lOlOor el1l B..I 734-.1 t.) Jo(I up' pcn.on,' 
'JlJ'l}lnlmenl Abo my on Ihe IOO"'O\Itftlrt~ Y~IUJblt OASI~ "a""'), 

"~III .. "orLo t:op. usn 40W frec 

\\4Iriliy, Apn129. 1991 

IO,OOam· IO:SO:un Jlcn.cl\mKOri.~multOn Inflln1lau<ItI Pru..c l.)tnl . 
Tt'(tl:loo~ An~J)'m. USB ",ow, Irte 

1.00 am- L SO am lcAlbook AnaJ)iU Cntau.' ReJdlO •. I blcm 
S()!\,in, SO 4(}IO F,cc 

T",,d,y. Apnl 30. 1'191 

1:00 pnt. l :S0 pm Cr.wu,lCc/Prnfcs~l<",al r",am ~llh cnlCI'\\..C 
Complellon/SenlcllCe Cor~ltlon , uSB ~OIO I'~e 

l;()(1 pm-Z:SO pm ProolA,", Or-ljlnUl;III'H1 OUlhn'"l, Sumrnaru.m,. 
SlwyuRh U 84010 fret' 

9;00 IIm. 9 : 50 1101 GrlldulIu:fPro(cHlonal Eum S~llIs Lo"lul 
RUXIf'Ilng usn ,SIno I rec 
II :OOpm· II :50 pm \1.:mor) TC',hnl"lllC I((tne ... alulinrormlliion 
tJ~1J 4(}IO ' ·IU 

Saulrd.l) , M." 4. 1991 

9:00 aln-12 :00 pm - GRI Prep Sp<MI\Vfc(j b)' the OASIS Stud) 
~b.n3.,c.11lC'n! CC'mc.r U R 4010 rrcc 

SERVICES/wORKSHOPS 
Mondly·fndol) 

K:OO Im..04:00 pm - SI{j1 III L S (SY~IC'I\) o( ""CU~U "C' GUldlf\\:C and 
l!1rorm:ulon) IS: .computel · boI~l1 rro~r .. m of CMttr InfOl"T1\lIlOO desllnC'd 
hlhclp you Janfy yoor :iL,II~, .. aJut.tllidOCfu~lloo;allnICrT~b For I"l"f()R 
In(t lfTlUlloo . ['('Inte. III ('trc=c.r Sc.I'\ ~t:~ Ctnh'( .s 10 

MondA) , pnl :\}. 1991 

10:00 gm·12:00 pnl ,RIl' F GROl:P Sh"ln tenn ,roup ror uooenls 
delhnJ; v..lth t~c deollhofa ~Ilinlfi~antrnht't 1..('31.ien. RI"::~ Whitehill . '34-
02.s"l anJ .... "rcn Cogln, nJ '':'is Q&lItnrwI:n .up Git I(XH free 
1\ :00 'nI 0' CAMLRA I'RACllCI I~TERVI£WING S ~iLLS 
Sh.vvcn \()ur '"lc ..... IC .... '", ~Lollh b) }(tIn, :lind hcatlnl )o\lDC':lf on 
\\Jw4;11'1( Re(el\l:l«d~~rl'\lrnothtr)Ot'l~d..Cf1lnlhl II\)\IP"M hop 
Prertql,uslle 1 .... '1LR\o'1I \\'I~v SK ILL': WOkKSHOP lll\d ~I&n up 10 

VoolllhthcLHtCnV[I~l1 RVIL\\ l"liDI.\tOTAP[ Clf{"crServl ':c) 
Ccnter rrcc 

11 :30 am - ~ tAR I'..ETA[lLE RESUME wORKS HOP Ulm now (0 
ronnruclli !l.lat('·of ·Inc an re~Ufl1C: Ihal .... llnuJr..C' )·OU ) loInd out (TOnlthc 
LTU lltd C.llttr Sc:r.IU:~ Cemer Frte 

1:30 p",~4 :00 pm OROI' IN ADVISING JIU RS fOorhclp nndln~ 
lkSlr.tble p.ln· unlC tillplo)",cnt. dtlennlnln,eareer loa l,. sea.n;htng (or 
JObs or uplonna profc.sslonal or GndU' IC sa.: hool opponuniuC$. ";0 
iIIllPO'nllllCnt nc:CUW).Ju~t v.. al " · ln CIU"CtfService30 Ccnltr. Free 

2:00 pm 1;F1'ECIIV I' JOB ~"ARCII STRAThGY : m of al l JOb 
\lC"IOCIC-, :are un)(h e",~ TIm \l, orlshOp ~ i11 tcach )'ou the most 
rffcctlvC' W3.) to find Wm C'an:cr Sel"\·II.Cl CcnlC'r. Ffc'( 

J:OO pm-S:oo pm - nm R MANnc COPI G SKIll.S GROUP 
WllllC~h \10 3») 10 erellC :md mamil in R!i2llOnshIPS and 10 OVUCOlllC 
brulup' I1lkkn: Be .. ~rt) HarJU, M:uy McS:w j;"lOn Slan·up· 534-
llJI41! MAAC F,,,,_ 

4:00 pm-5:oo pm - MEXICANA. OIiCANA. LAnNA SUPOPRT 
GROUI) InronnallfO\lp mc.etln, \\.eckoly IOdlscue IcadcmlC', persona] 

.~ ~ial c'(penenees Lellder. Llndu) Caldcron. 5)J·17H Sign-up. 
Gallery B. Pnce Cenler. Free._ 

T,,>day. Apnl 30. 1991 

1I :00am - ONCAMPUS INTERVIEWING ORIENTATION: lryou 
W'e in~res(ed In panklpJunG In the. Career Services Center's Oft·campus 
tntervtev."mg pTO&fdm thl ) quarter. II i!l. m:mdalOl)' Ihat you allcnd one o( 
(h(K oricntatlon) bcfon: you inle,", icw Career Servicts Ccmer, Free. 

1:.lO pm-4 :oo pm - DROP-IN AOVISI~G flO URS: Forhclp nnd,ns 
dcslJ1ble pI,n " IMle emplo)mem. <k:1C'rmlnlng car«r 8011,. scuchln& (Of 
Jobs or explonng profn~'ilonal or Il,oowle liCllool opportUllIIiC3i. No 
IIppOln lmc:nf nC'..:coSSII). Just ~ 111 1-. ' 10 C;u"tC( ServlceJ Center, Free. 

Wcdnu d ao)'. May I. 1991 

' :.lO.m- ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWING OR IE:'IT A nON: If you arc 
Inl,CfCSled In pank,paI'Ol, In the. Career SCrvIC~ Centcr's on-<.ampus 
InlClVICyr, i n , prop-am thiS 4uaner. il lS mandatory thaI you .ttend one or 
these onenlallOflS berore )0\1 Inlel'\'ICW Career Se.rvu::es Ccnler. "tee. 

12:00 pmol l:30 pm - REO PEER WORKSHOP: Four 'Auk. ",'Ooohop 
provldmJ sll1l5 10 Idcnltf), lind Impro\( hllbllS and 1IltHudcs ~Ia(cd to 
caun, and body image Leadtr: SU\an Feillcr . .t 12 MAAC, Ft«. 

1:.lO pm"' :OO pm - DROP·IN ADVISING flOURS- For help findinl 
lk,SlflIbk pan.tlrTlt employlllcnt. dcte nnminl car«r ,oth, 5urchin, (or 
,lObs Of uplonn, pro(e. lonal or voldulile school opponunilltl. No 
appointmen t I\Ccessary, JUst walk In Cartt'r Set"o't cs Cenler, Free. 

3:00 pm-4:3O pm - CH ICA OICIllCA A. LAnNO/LATINA 
SUPPORT GROUP: M .. " w«:kly_ Luck,,_ D.n MUIlOL 5J4·1S79. and 
1..1I'1C1say Calderon. 534-37SS, CaU (or In(ornauon. Revelle Provost's 
OffICe. Free. 

6:JO pm-3:OO pm - Lubel" and Blsc\UJ.1 Women · s SupponGroup. Led 
b)' peercoun.se.IOI1 Chell IIWI Debbie, We 'lta .. «l..ly.confidentla.1 drop. 
,n IfOUP ror\lo'Oml:n Im(rtSlcd In dl~lIsuni personal conctrn, and KJC:lal 
l.bueJ In acomforublt.lUpponl\>e en ... uonmcnt. Call Oavtdat '.34·)9 7 
Women' J RcSOtlrte Ccnter Free 

The UCSD Guardian 

Thurw1.l.y. Mil)' 2.1991 

9:30 ani - MAMKETABU: ReSUME WORKSHOP Lum ho ... 10 
,onnructl '"IC·o( the-:." ~)lI'~ that .... 111 nule you )und (Nt (rom the 

c~d C.IIIfC'cr Scn'If,.'C'~ CCnlc.r Frec 

11:00 om I~TIRVILWI\G SKI LLS WORKSflOP (0) .. ""d 
help In prcparin, forjob InICf'oIC\Iool"C.rcc:r ServlCCS Ccnler ..... 111 pro\'lCk 
IIplon the bt:~t "'1)"' 10 prucnt )'OUI quahr"OIllOOl ,nd .... hal ~Ind or 
IfIICf\'IC'" \lucsttom 11) C"otpt:CI , Career Se"lcc5 Center Free 

1:.lO pm-4:00 pm DROP-II' ADVISI NG HOURS Fo< h<lp find", 
dt\ln..blc rut ·llme. cmplo),11lC'nl .dtICrmtnln, !o:aTCUp.hl. ~hm, (or 
JOOs or uplonn& prufcun.)fl.a.l "If ,radU;llc Khool opponunlt1c~ No 
appomlrncnl nc~Cu.uy.JU" 'l"l.ilU,,·11'I Cat(C'r Su\"ICCS Ctnler Fr« 

) :00 pm ... :3O pm - DOLLARS A1\'D SENSE fUND I"G YOUR 
FURn tER EDCCATJO:-' You .... 'UtlO JO 10 p-Mfuate 01 prorculooal 
school (Ph 0 , J 0 , M 0 , Of other) but you arc not SUrt" ho", you """111 
.ffMS II Ilcu .bowt fundlna OpponUl'lltlC1 from a pantl of ('-pens. 
Carecr SCI'\<k.CS Cenler 1 ree 

4,00 PnI-S_ lO pnI -SOCIALSKIW WORKSIIOP- A '","pI""",,., 
QI'Idc ... dopml Loti :, f~mectln'Qlncr people ,I:OI\\>C.rsl.IIQftSo, bStnI\Cn"-
CII; LudC'r t.UldSol)' CtIJcl"Of'l. ' .14· Jl" Gil I 1 FI't'C 

ti :OOpm. 7:JO pm - (ja~ and RI),(',u;aIMcn ' )~uppor1Grouplcdbypec:r 
~uunKI\n TOfIY.too (..1101u \\.c "1: I "'ed.ly mfomul. conOdenlll1 pttr 
,roupflfshKknb ... l'hl ... otnt t ,dl .. U.,\IUue" Ind f,h&(t(!()n.,.cm$ Come 
It'nd) JUr "uPJ"ln' ()nlfj-In .... eko""corull Da"ld;a1 ,H.s·3~ 7 for more 
,"Ill Spcl .. :Jl n~CIln' thl\ .... «k - ProJ«t ufcluMd of lhc AIDS 
FoundlU()I 1\ Ille,o "til do" "or\.shop on saler)CA and AIDS (or 
t.lK\U;aJ .Inti el)" mt:n l\C,,,t ",ecil. rccuiar 6 ()().7 :30 pm meeun, llmc 
\lou AI,lLn \ "'" lA,,,,",, lb)' tcnnls rouns. nurd CQllc,c). Frcc 

10.30 ani EITl:CIWE JOn SEARCH STRA1l:GY. 1!O% .[,11 JOb 
"'ik .. nCICS art I.Inadvenl:a.ed This "OJkshop v.. til Icad, .. 00 lhe. n'10301 
cffe,-u\C \Aolly 1.0 find 1M-In :u-ecr Ser"vICU ~nler Fttt. 

J 

ll:oo pm-l :lO pm - PAN ASIAN COMMUNITY fORUM: Drop-
In.roup dtllCncd lo.ddrc:sscOOCtlllso( AiianlPacifte: blandc:r5tudcnts 
at UCS O in a prublen~· )(Jlyin, and supponi\'e atmosphere:. 1...t:ackn: 
kann(" MItn«C IndJohn Wu. 5l4~3035. MounlAin View Loun,e. Free. 

12:15 pm-1 :~5pm-11tERAPYGRDUPFORGA Y MEN: CoorlClcntili 
ther1p), IrouP fot aDdU21C and under,Ddulic ,a), and bisc.xual men. 
Lcader: DaVid Bluband. 534--3987, CII! Dlyid for slan·up, Lat, Bldg. 
Rm_ 3240_ Fr«_ 

I:JO p""':OO pm - DROp· IN ADVISING HOURS: Fo< h<lp "lIh 
cllrttr ,Oill). jab hunting, resume prcpanlion. ccc, No appoinlCmCnl 
I"IC'CCssary. JU~l walk· ln. C:uur Scrvk%, Center. Fn:t:. 

2:00 p ..... :OOpm -ALCOHOL ANDSUBSTANCEABUSEGROUP: 
For students ..... ho raise lhe question "00 1 hive a problem'? ' Supportive 
and resourceful cn"'lfOf'Imenl to explore the above theme. 1...t:aden: Dan 
Munoz. and Equil ia Lukc , 534·315'. Re.velle Prv. OffICe. Free. 

4:00 pm-6:OO pm -CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: Inr ...... 1 d .. "uuion/ 
suppon aroup (();;usln, on issues. concerns. upcmn«J tlut arrett ,he 
quality o( Ufe o( Mnc.an·Amoican oommunllY I I UCSO. 1...t:aders; Ptlll 
R.phael , Equilll Lulte. , ,).4·37S$. Mountain View Loun,e. Free.. 

LECTURES 
Mondoy. Apnl 29. 1991 

4:00 pm - Syh,cft Lomngcr, Profcssor. Columbta UnlVCTS1ty .nd 
Visuln, Pro(c sor,c.h(omi2In IltutcoflheAni;-TheThird Wa.ve:The 
Reccpllon or French Theory In American Art " 3US LlteBturc Ski,. 
FKC. 

Tu<.cJI). Apnl30. 1991 

1:00 Ph' Tht Annllal Robert C. Elliott Memonal Lcctu.r~ by Rk:h:ttd 
f&lk. Alben G Milbank Pro(eJ~ of International Law and Pr:Jc11CC., 
PnncC'lon Uftlycnuy "Bush' .. "'{C''III World Ordtr' H.I Belter WOI'Id." 
P'rlf..c Cenler 'Thc.auc Fru 

Thursday, Ma} 2, 19'11 

":00 pm - uReum,lAlnc l\allOf1.al Communttks" - RCRato RosaIdo 
(S(;\Jl(ord URivenl'y) In the Kncs "Cr05scumnu- Pos«:o!Ofulllly and 
C.llforllll.," spo.uortd by the: UC Or,anitcd Rcscmh ProJCCt In the 
lIunanmCl, Group ()( UK Study of Tnts and ~scourse • W~n'J 
SlloIdlc Prop-am., UC·Mc~u$, and lhe: Dcpa.nmenl or l.ueraturc 5S 
LnmlLlfe Ski,. Free 

7:00pm "An E",enal'l& .... Im Paul &pU\OSl , E_«um't Producer, KPBS 
TV " 5<>Ia lUll I ().I Fre. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 
Tuc><lay. Apn13O. 1991 

2:30 pm-4.00 pm - l..esblln. GlY &. BlkAUl1 A sociation bo~lncU 
n"ICelln& , £\('1)' .... e(It . S311lC' lure Old lucknl CcntCT, 2nd floor. above: 
Soi'l Roc""O. rrcc 

Wc-dnc)d3Y, May I. 1991 

5;00 pm _ ACS Studtnt Affiliates "Student Chc:rnl)try Oub" n'ICelj 
C'vcry Wc=dnc\lb, In Urey Hall S2l0 Frtt. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

Monday. Apnl29. 1991 

1:30 pm -1be fourth Insullment of the Third Collcl e Film Scnes 
"Camp dt 'Tlllaroyc," an ~ne Sembeoc film Sponsored by Thud 
World Su.dle.s. Pn" Cenler Audltoriu.m. Free, 

SIIun!ay. Moy 4. 1991 

8:00 pm - 1.0 Jollo Clvic:JUnivenity Sympilooy OKhe.1Ja IJld CbonIs 
pe:rfomt$ musk rrom !.he Renaissance, Lhe Romantic, and conlemporary 
cru: Palts!rina's " Mlssa Brevis," Gounod's "St. Cecilia's MilS." and 
Allen Hoffmann', " Mass (or ... lhe Pusin, of III Shinjn, Thin's.. .. 
Man<kvlllc Auditorium. StudcntJ; S5, Knian: S8, General; $10, 

Sunday. Moy ' . 1991 

J:oe pm - La. JOUI Ch'k;lUnlyc.rsity Symphony Orthescra and QonIs 
pe.rfonns music from the Renaisu.nct. the Roman tic. and conlemporary 
mu: Palesnina'J " Misu. Bre\'is." Gounod's "Sl. Cecilia's Mus," and 
Allen Hoffmann's "Mass (or ... 1he Passlnl of IU Shininl ThinIS." 
Mandeville Auditorium. StudenlS: $', seniors; sa. General; 51 0. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

Summer is on Its way! II ' s time to scan lhappln, up rOr those reveotlin, 
summerclothcs! OcIS~ with a FREE filncu evaluation •• FITSTOP, 
We Me loelled on lhee 2nd floor or Student Health. Please stop by and 
make an appointmtnt t<>dlyl Free. 

Monday. April 29. 1991 

1:" P"'-When h's 2 in the morninl and you'rerolUna in 1M h.)', )IOU 
"",liIinkin, _I 0 kid .nd you .. y no .... y. I think I'll finally 10 10 a 
tMnh C:Ofnrol info sesdott llXby. Student Haith Str'VlCt., 2nd floor. F~c.. 

TUdday. AprillO. 1991 

1I :00.m - Herpes. ,cnual ~'VIs. chlamydlL They're III It UCSD. 
Wur condoms. Gel • free one. Come 10 • bmh corllrol Info SOiOt. 
Siudent Health Service. 2nd nOOl', F~e . 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

1:00 pm - Ha\"c. you ('\>'rr lICtuoi lly ittn :a di;aphna$m' Come to a birth 
control Inro sr:SSlOO .. nd ~ iamplo or C\Cr)· kind of method SllIdtnl 
HC2lth Scr", ... c::.1nd flooc". Free 

Wcdnc!d.ay, ~by I. 1991 

10:00.m - Every 'o'OOlIn needs one. Or'M,:C 01 )tol1' H:i\e)'ou lhou,ht 
about your PAP S \lEAR' Come learn thedclallslbout a pcl\>ICClI.llmaod 
PIlP 5n-.cat 21. WC'II Wo",an~nsjon. Student Heallh Sef\ It'C. 2nd ODOr'. 
Free. 

1;00 pm - Jack and Jill 11K IIOwo'l.er IhehIU ..... "h '-"" 0 crown 5Qns.nd a 
num\ m. lrropomlbly Jill al,uy,(or£()( lOw-ehc:rpllliOboth prc,nanc.t'j 
.... cn: unplanned Corne lOa btnhcontrOl IIl(o$Cssion lind le.1mlboutb."h 
control opuon .. and the pilL Student Health Sc,...·lte. 2nd floor Fn:c 

10:00 am- Lase nllht I had the ~tnn,clltdrcan\ I dreamll Goc pteanant, 
he kfl n'lt,lInd J couldn't ,0 Ihrou,h \Iouh an aooruon T003) I'm ,oln, 
10 a btnh cunlrol Inro).( Ion Will )00' Siudent lIeallh S( .... k't. 2f'1d 
noor F~e 

1:00 pm lOUt 0(9 ~omcn .... lllde\clop a brea~ttumori" theirllfeurne 
Ttnnk on ... omcn)'OU ~noy. Ate)'ou numbC'.r!ll·Comc loa Wcll Woman 
sc.)sion and It:lM ho\\. 10 do II proper bRlst cum. We e\'cn hl\·( a model 
breast SO you clln feel "''',11 :l.lutnp might fetl hle Student Ile:tl lh ScI"' w:e. 
2nd floor. I· rtc. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

CA TIlOLIC MASS. Sponsored by the CillhollC' Student CommunilY Ilt 
UCSD. Uni'llel")l'y Luthcran Church. Comcr or N. TOrTe) PJn(S and La 
JoU. Shorts Dmc Free, 

Monday. April 29. 1991 

11:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS off", L<hrllou, Basic: 
Juchlism class with Rabbi Slotnick. .sol Mankews. Frec. 

Tu • .cJ,y. Apn13O. 1991 

4:00 pm - JEWISfl CAMPUS CENTERS offers Lc:hrh.us Talmud 
Siudy Vo llh Rabbt 00I.I& Slomkk, 502 M:;mhe ...... s r-rc:c . 

7:00 pm-CATIiOLIC I8BLESTUDY. Each week .... e hC'ar. rc nC'Ctort, 
dt§CU ,and pm)' the upcom1n& Sunda) Scripturo. Please:: jom us. 
UniverSouy Lutheran Chutth. Catholic Lounge. Across I"C Mlftt (rom 
Revellc Colk ,e. Free. 

Wedncsdll)" M"y I. 1991 

10:00 .... 2:00 pm - Th. ISRAEL ACllON COMMITTEE has an 
mforrnatlOfl !<lblc: in the PnI:C CCntCT Piau. Come and talk with Jewiih 

SludenlSabout J c.~uh !treon cllmpu303nd opportunities rorvisilinllsnel. 

6:00 pm - Supper (or i ludcRl! is §('n'cd by the University LutDcI'lllS. 
Everyone Iswekol"ne, Unr.·cr1IIY Luthcrnn Church.ocrossthe meet from 
Revelle College. 

7:00 pm - " Body Lan,uo.ge" is the Bible 51udy topic led by Lutheran 
campuj Pa.sIOl' Jonn Huber, Opcn to all. UnIVersity Luther.ln Out'th, 
across the weet from Revelle Collc&e. Free, 

1:00 pm - Sojourner's Christian FellowshIp. At "Koinonia" (word 
meanang fellowship) ~-C' di scuss the: SlTUGa b and joy of being Chrislian! 
Comc:join u . MAC 41 3A (behind cashler',omce). 

8:00 pm -"How An: Di\'ided Chnstian, Finding Their Unity?" is the 
tolor shde prescnlluon of a Lutheran Inquirers Seminar. 'Christi'l'Iity 
OlSsic." Allirc ..... elcomc.. University l..uthertn Church. across thestreel 
(rom Re\>'elle Collc:,e. Free:. 

Thursdu.y, May 2. 1991 

11:OO.m.2:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS InfonnationTablc 
in the Price Cenler Plaza.. SlOP by for inrorTtlfl.lion on Jewish clmpullife. 
Free. 

5:45 pm - TIlE TIlURSDA Y DINNER Hom.made rood .nd ""al 
company. Sponsored by the: Clt.holit Studcnt CommunilY at UCSD. 
University Lutheran o.urch, Catholic: Loun,e, across from Revelle 
College 52 dommOR. 

7:30 pm - Episcopal ColIC'SC Group Bible "OOy. For infonllluioo and 
ridcJ call 565-6661. 51- Elizabclil', Churth. 2825 Menon Ave_. San 

Die&o. F~c.. 

Friday. May 3. 1991 

11:00 .... 1:00 pm - Sojoumcr', Christian Fc:llow,hip. SlOP by our 
table in the Price Ccnler Plaza (or infOlTl'\llion. See what wc're all.bout! 

7:00 pm - Shlbbat Scrvk:c.and Dinner. Jc.wish students oreanize warm 
and intimate Shabbat Service and dinner. Make I teiCrvl1ion andjoin us! 
Mandc:villc Suite. lOp o[ liop flail . 504.00 (din"", <oS1). 

SWlday. Moy S. 1991 

' :OOam - EPISCOPALCAMPUS MINISTRY_ W .... hipS.rvict ond 
Holy Eucharist Church o(thc Good Samaritan, 4321 Elsteale Man. Free. 

':30 om - CATIlOLIC MASS. Spon!Ol'Cd by liIe Calholic SlIodcnl 
Communiry at UCSD, Univmhy Lutheran Chun:h. ComerofN. Tom::y 
Pine.;uod 1.0 Jollo Shon:, Drive. Fr«_ 

9:00 a .. - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTR Y. Wor>hip S,rvicc IJld 
Holy Euc:hwl. SI. 'ama Epixop.1 Chul<h. 743 Prospea 51_. 1.0 JollL 
Free. 

10:OOa", - EPISCOPALCAMPUS MINISTRY_ Woohip5<rvlCC!ond 
Holy Eucharist. Chureh ofthc Good samal'it4ll. 4321 w t,lIe MIlL Free. 

10:00 am - Lulhc:ran auttar folk: mass, All trC welcome. Uni"m.ity 
Lutheran Q\u~h, across the Street (rom Revclle Collelc, 

5:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by ,he Calholic 51udenl 
Community I I UCSD. Unlvc.rsity Lulher.an Chu~h. Comer of N. Torrey 
Pines and La JoI lI Sl10res Drive. Free. 

' :00,....7:00"", - UNITED CAMPUS MINISTR Y inviles)'OlllOsin, 
I new 1On1. If sinpn, ill wly Ihlt you find helpful in ex-emsi". your 
spirituII he.hh, thc.n join us to Jin, tho$( old lospcl and campfire son,s. 
Wcc:kly m«tinl held in the Police Stldon Tn&inll'll Room (near ORA 
orr.cc: In .5(2). AU are wclcome! Fr«. 

illustrat ion by Carin Lew/Guardian 

FEATURES 
Monday, April 29, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

• Ie 
• Given a budget of $40, those involved in a cabaret 
production wing everything buttheir performances 
By Christina Huizar 
Senior Staff Writer 

The word "sleep" has become obsolete to 
them, and their eyes blaze with anticipation. 
It 's yet another rehearsal for these students, 
who receive neither university credit nor 
wages, but who are driven by a passion for 
the theater into 409 Small. 

Located in a hidden web of pathways on 
the Warren campus, 409 Small (or simply 
4"09) is a theater space that houses classes, 
rehearsals, and mo t notably, cabarets and 
plays in progress (PIPs). The cabarets are 
ongoing productions that take place in 409 
every other Friday and Saturday at 9 and I I 
p.m. Unlike the PIPs, the cabarets are 
informal and raw, staged with few props and 
quickly executed. 

"The emphasis on cabarets is on the 
process of doing theater. So usually we are 
nOI interested in coming off with a well-
polished, marketable show, but something 
that is intere ting, something that is exciting, 
or unusual - something we have never 
done before," explained theater student 
Christi Sibul. 

Sibul is the managing director of the 
cabarets, which are put on by both under-
graduate and graduate students, depending 

upon the performance. 
When students have an idea for a cabaret 

- and a cast and director to execute it -
they can schedule a weekend to present thei r 
performance through the Theater depart-
ment, which budgets $40 for each cabaret to 
cover the cost of priming fl yers and making 
props. This limited budget is quickly 
overshadowed by the slUdents' passion for 
theater. 

"When you are doing cabarets, you are 
doing a text you really love. You are given a 
choice to do anything in the world. So there 
is always a reason. You are pulled toward 
what you chose to do, what you chose to 
explore," Sibul said . 

409 Small - a black box that can seat up 
to 49 people on folding metal chairs while 
squeezing a piano player off to the side -
seems almost magical to those who perform 
or direct there. A worn-out black velvet 
curtain acts as a backdrop, and a mysterious 
glow-in-the-dark painting of a bam is on the 
back wall. 

"409 is very intimate," Sibul said. "You 
are so close to ... the actors in the space. As a 
director, a lot of time I have a problem with 
theater productions because .. . it looks like it 
could have been done ju t a well on film. 

.\nd so the question is, why do we go and 
see theater? There isn 'lthis element of 
something being very alive. With 409, I've 
never gotten this sense that it could have 
been on film . 409 is realJy a performance 
space - a live performance space." 

Also held in 409 Small are PIPs. The 
PCPs have replaced the Undergraduate 
Theater Festival, which was a part of the 
spring quarter Undergraduate Arts Festi val. 
The plays formerly produced in that one 
quarter have been spread ou t over a year, 
one play per quarter. 

PIPs are written and produced by 
undergraduate students. Once a play has 
been selected, a director is c hosen and 
acting auditions are held. Students are given 
approximately three weeks to pull the plays 
together and five performances to how 
them. 

"It was a really neat experience, becnu e 
it seems kind of unique 10 this campus." said 
Aimee Bender about her play "Missing 
Boats," which was produced last quarter. "1 
don ' t know how often student play get 
produced on other campuses. It is also such 
a weird thing to see your words played out. 

"[The characters] each held a crutch they 
See CABARET, Page 10 

FEATURES 9 



LO T he U D Guardian Monday, April 29, 1991 

The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-
perience that will last a lifetime. 

Working at a professional level that ordinarily 
might take years of apprenticeship back home, 
volunteers find the career growth they're looking for 
and enjoy a unique experience in the developing 
world . 

International firms and government agencies 
value the skills and knowledge mastered during 
Peace Corps service. 

ON CAMPUS THIS WEEK 
INFO BOOTH: Wednesday and Thursday, May 1 & 2 

The Price Center, 9 am - 1 :30 pm 
WHAT IS PEACE CORPS? Wednesday, May 1 

Career Services Center Conference Room, 2 pm - 4 pm 
OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES IN HEALTH & NUTRITION 

Thursday, May 2 - Career Services Center Conference Room 
2 pm - 4 pm 

INTERVIEWS: Wednesday and Thursday, May 15 & 16 
Career Services Center 

APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 
SENIORS - APPLY NOW! 

For applications or more information, visit your Career Services Center or call 
Peace Corps at (800) 832-0681, ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
Th e Toughest Job You 'l l Ever Love 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

CABARET 
Continued from page 9 
were dependent upon. It \ a some-
thing I was developi ng over a pe-
riod of time." she added. Her play 
foeu ed on miscommunication be-
twcen people struggling to get by 
in the world. 

"Moon and Deadren." a play by 
Vi ual An major Ed Lim. will be 
featured th is quaner in 409 Small. 
Lim e>.plained the peculiar origins 

" When you are 
doing cabarets, you 
are doing a text you 

really love. 

" CHRISTI SIBUL Cabaret Managing Director 
of his work. 

" f had a job as a camera op-
erator for the medical school," 
he said . "The funniest thing about 
working for the medical scho I 
is in the basement. You would 

always pass by this room that' s the 
morgue [and] ~ee these dead ca-
daver [with) yellow-puke "kin . 

"One day I de ided to go in. and 
there ~ as this [blanketed body 1 
with the hands sticking out. I de-
cided [ wanted to look... but I 
couldn't do it bec,lu e this horrible 
image hit me - what if the ca-
daver tood up and talked to me"!"' 

Lim t "that premi~c and added 
elements of religion, sc .... . colkg~ 
life. death. and ' ultural diversit) to 
form a dramatic cOITl <!dy. Becau,c 
he\ astiredofthenegativeimagcs 
of ian people and the roles In 
which they are often portrayed. 
Lim used colo r-blind casting. 

"When)ou'rc ian-American. 
the images of you in fi lm. T . and 
theater are di sheartcn ing bccau,e 
you've got a hbtory of being por-
trayed in negative ~ t en:oty pe~ .\I1J 
caricatures," Lim sa id . 

Lim' s play reinforces the 
strength of the sian cultures. 

"By using color-blind ca5.ting. 
what ] am say ing is that this is what 

make ~ American theater, when an 
actor can play ,\ny character re-
gardless of ethnici ty, and by ex ten~ 
sion of gender," Lim said. 

The UCSD Guardian FEATU RES 11 

The Cabaret Theater 
Location : 409 Small , Warren Campus 
Maximum Occupancy : 49 
Performances: Fri. & Sat. , 9 &11 p.m. 

Christina Hu izar/Guardian 

Z<ebrra Copy 
< sdIf ServICe Was Never So fRSV 

VNoWaidng 
t/ Autofeed 
V Collating 
~ ~ Ralstance 

.-. __ . __ .. _ ..... __ ..• 
• UNliMITED 3 5 J.. I 
: COPIES· ~ : 
I IIIIIh IhIs CoupoII • 8.5 X 11 2011Uh .. QutolNd I 

apI,...5I31J91 .. _-_ .. _ .. _ ...... _._. 

/J/}j! Anniversary C ,I 
ZUfl1 Celebration C//flill 

An Evening With 

Paul Espinosa 
Fun, Food and Freebies. All on IBM®. See how IBM PS/2® Student 
Solutions work for you. Ask about our special student prices. 

Executive Producer, KPBS TV 
Thursday, May 2, 1991 
7:00 p.m. 
Solis Hall 104 (Note location change) 
fl"ee admiss io l1 

Third College Is pleased to present the film documentaries of Dr. Paul 
Espino ••. The Lemon Grove Incident (1986) and Uneasy Neighbors (1 990) 
wil l be .hown and disculled. 

Dr. E.plno .. has wrlUen, produced and hOlted numerous progra ms on 
border IIIUII and the experiences of peopte of Mexican descent His award. 
Include .even San Diego Emmy., three Cine Gotden Eagte Award. , two Ohio 
State Award., and many accol.d .. from malor film f .. \lv.i •• Paul EspinOla 
will be In aUendance to discuss hi. documentary prolect •. 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
12 ART & ENTERTAINMENT T he UC D Guardian Monday, April 19, 1991 The SD Gu:u'di:lll ART & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

Crazy Horsin' After All These Years 
urged inlO the wail of air-raid 

si rens which were accompanied 
by ,taccato burst of gunfire and 
the moke of an e ploding bomb. 
From the ashe came a hauntingly 
baleful cover of Bob Dylan ' 
" Blowin' in the Wind:' 

mance. He d Jes.not try to make it 
prelly fort h.: Judience. but he doc, 
mal-e it rcal. 

Young I, ,omething of an icon 
in an indu '>t l] that eems to rave 
the theat ri cJI antic that arc more 
typical of .1 c miller lal succe s 
like Madonna. 

dering of "Conez the Killer" 
which was reverent and rela-
tively free of feedback , the 
audien e stilled for the ralY 
lior e tandard. " PO\ der fi n-
ge r. " 

Deja Vu ... Looking Back on Neil Young 
By Phil Ireland 
Staff Wflter 

A\ long-time fan~ know and 
newfan~di,cover, eil Young and 

razy Ilorse in c n en is an e>.pe-
rience in ;.ound. vi;.ion. and intel-
lect. Young <.Ind ralY H r~e offer 
Images. "wge prop". word..,. and 
pre\ent;l!iOlh that create a com-
plex and orten thought -prov king 
blend of wonder and rage. Tue,-
d<.ly ni ght' ;. ~how at the Spom 

lena proved no exception. 
The li ght~ went d wn. A roar 

ro,c fr III the floor. A hay;.eed 
hobbled onto the ;.tage dragging a 
Illicrophone tWIC.:e hi~ 'lle. From 
deep within the cavemou~ Spons 
Arena.Jimlllt Ilcndrix'~ high-feed-
back Wood,tock ver,ion of the 
"Star Sp~lIlglcd Banner" ,tancd to 

wail. The hay\eed ~truggled to the 
real microphone, and looked like 
the Marines rabing the flag at Iwo 
Jima in the proce,., . 

When he u cceded in ~tanding 
the mike. he tied a flowing yellow 
ribbon around it~ ned,. Il uge fake 
Fender amp~ and .,peaker~ enca\ed 
in traveling crate~ from the "Rust 

ever Slcep~" ~Ct flanl-cd the ~tage. 
An immen~e '60~ cr.1 peace ,ign 
illuminated by black li gh t~ 
completedthe backdrop. 

All of the image, wen.: ~tr ng, 
and m ,t were contradictory . Was 
the mike a ~ymb I of the nag. and 

Il endrix'~ anthem a ~ymbol of the 
need to give the government our 

thought~. our feed bad:! \ hy the 
hay~eed? A symbol for Amerka' ~ 
producer/. oldier? 

The yell w ribbon contraMed 
against the peace ~ign i!> blatantly 
con tradictory. The pea esign say. 
"You arc an individual \ ith con-

~cience: re,bt.·'The yellow ribbon 
,ay~, " Welcome home boys. we're 
proud of you. You have ~erved 
your c untry well." 

Only from the per~pective of a 
Illou!>e in the corner f the garage 
w uld the fake all1p~ and huge 
mike seem life-like and true to 

~ize. I thi s ~ollle aHempt to te ll u 
that I eil Y ung and razy Horse 
arc a garage band making music 

becau~e they can? 
That illusion wou ld be tough 

for Iioudini 10 pull off in the Spons 
Arena, let alone a~5-year-old rock 
din aur. Bul. then maybe there's 
a liltle 1I0ll<.1ini in Young. 

From these ymbols and the 
Hendrix intro, Young screeched 
into the punk tribute, " Hey Hey, 
My My," a filling transition from 
one so accu tomed to the edge. 
And what an edge. 

Young, in ripped jean and his 
Dutch boy haircu t. bliste red in his 
dueb with rhythm guilari t Frank 
Sam pedro. wh was resplendent 
in his tie-dye peace shin. 

Bass ist Billy Talbot and drum-
mer Ralph Molina fleshed out the 
Crazy Horse signature sound with 
thundering ba ' s runs and fervent 
measured tappings. The earing 
intenslly that Young controlled just 
a((heedgeof onic dislOnion stood 
hair on end. 

Afte r performing his recent 
song, ';Crime in the City," Young 

A ri ch tapestry of sight and 
sound grew from the stage with 
Y ung and Sampedro moving like 
apparition lost in moke, and 
Young's electric guitar moaning 
with orrow. The irony wa not 
lo ' t upon the audience. The silence 
at the end was deafening. 

Young burs t inlO " Love to 
Burn ," ·tomping to the beat in what 
cou ld only be the physical rendi-
tion of the Grateful Dead's " Mis-

issippi !-Ialfstep Uptown Toodle 
Loo." Young's chunky steps are 
the echoes of hi performance. 
Throughout hi s career he has ex-
hibited painful honesty, raw emo-
tion, and a roughl y rash perfor-

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

LSAT 
GMAT 

GRE 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

CLASSES BEGIN MAY 4 
(6~9) 695-9952 

+We all remember Crosby, Stills and Nash, but what about Young? 
Next came another fire-

ball, " Fuckin ' Up," followed 
by the hard-driving finale, 
" Rocki n' in the Free World ." 

By Phil Ireland 
Staff Wflter 

laboratiotl \\ :tl1 ,--------------:----------------, 

Actua ll ~. \ Iadonna and Young 
areprobabl. pcrfectantithe e . he 
makes it 1001- prclly and ealllles" 
les than real Young luxuriates in 
the down ·.lIuJ-di ny, the raw cs-
ence, the tatte red edges waving 

like a rag 1Il the wind. 
Young dedicated a common-

place covcrof"Cinnamon Girl" to 
the opening bands, Buck Pets and 
Social Dis tortion, and then he 
heated up to a nuclear "Mansion 
on the Hill " and "Whiteline" wi th 
a gu itar du d that pushed the feed-
back hori lOn into a black hole of 
white nob c. 

After a syncopated c<tlypso ren-

Youn g and company came 
back for an encore that was 
the most eerily upbeat rendi -
tion of "Tonight's the ight" 
on record. 

For the last, and quite fil -
ting, encore, Young dedicated 
the Country Dick ~tandard, 
" Roll Another umber for 
Road" to "all the Beat Fam1-
ers fans out there." 

o untry Dick will be 
proud to know tha t not even 

eil Young can slur through 
that one as well as he can! 

Portrait of the 
Artist as a ... 

Rock 
Dinosaur? 

Last Tuesday 
at the San 

Diego Sports 
Arena, rock 
legend Neil 

Young ' 
performed with 
Crazy Horse, 
proving that 

there is still a 
market for 
genuine, 

down'n'dirty 
rock'n'roll. 

From a troubled childhood 
in Wlllnipeg. .mada, :.Ind af-
fected by epilepsy , polio. and 
diabetes. eil Young dbcov-
ercd music as [l c hannel to 
ven! his feelin gs. Through the 
year ' he ha~ gnrncred a lo} al 
following drawn by his sIgna-
ture \iren voice and "on the 
edg\;!" pcrfonnance standa rd . 

from his cri ti al debut in 
1966 with Steven Stills and 

Ian Furray with the band 
Buffalo pringfield, Young 
found an audience receptive 
tohissimplechordsanddarkly 
resonant lyric ' . In 1969, after 
three individual works includ-
ing "Everybody Know Thi~ 
Is owhere,"hi firl.t\:ollabo-
ration with Crazy Horse. 
Young teamed with David 
Crasb ,Graham ash, and 
old chum teven till s to fom1 
the legendary rosby, till s 
and a~h and Young. Th.:ir 
debut performan ce at 
Wood!.lock yielded the ir fir~t. 
and arguably their best, al -
bum, Fow -Way Ireel, and 
eSHlblished the groove and 
each of its members as the 
voices of a generation. 

The short - lived CS Y 
splinteredin 1970wi thYoung 
going hi s own way. What fol-
lowed was a remarkab le tring 
of critically acclaimed work. 
"AftertheGoldru h," inspired 
by the Dean Stockwell-Herb 
Berman sc reenplay of the 
same name, is a brood i ng com-
pilation of love/hate themes 
of si ngular power and purity. 
Joined by Greg Reeves, 
Steven Stills, and ils Lofgron 
and backed by Crazy Horse, 
" After the Goldrush" repre-
sents a period of melancholy 
that ended in 1972 wi th the 
seminal Harvesr LP. In col-

the trayGators 
alld th..: LOlld')l1 

ympholl) Or-
'he ·tra. Young 
achiev.:d hi~ 
only top-Ie ll hit 
wi th " I leart of 
Gold." a plea 
for real love. 

In 197". 
YO llngrelea~ed 
"Tonight 's the 

ight " 1'01 -
low.:d by 
"Zuma" in 
1975. "Zuma" 
represents the 
hean and soul 
of the Crazy 
Il orse ound . 

haractt!rizcd 
by Youn g'~ 
~yncopatecl 
electric guitar 
that Waver~ ju~t 
thi"id.: ffeed-
back and Ralph 
Mol ina'., 
timely tapping~ 
at thedrurns, the 
sound is hard L-______ ....:.i.. 
rock wi th a me-
lodic cente r. Bassi,t Billy Tal -
bot and rhythm guitarist Frank 
Sampedro fle sh ou t th e 
minimali t quanet. 

1976 saw the reunion tour 
of CS Y and the release of a 
collaboration work with Stills, 
the lilting, folksy "Long May 
You Run ," as well as countri-
fied collaboration works with 
Linda Ronstadt , Ell1mylou 
Harri s, and Nicolette Lmon 
in ., America Stars and Bar " 
in 1977 and the delightfully 
upbeat "Comes a Time" in 
1979. In 1980 Young retumed 
to Crazy Horse and hard rock 
with the relea e of "Reactor," 
featuring the imminently lit-
erate " Mashed Potatoes." 

Young sh<: <. ... ed his followin g 
in 1981 w !:h the release of 
" lIawks and Doves," an in-
credibly lyrical set of ballads 
and blues rccorded with acous-
tic guitar and Young's most 
genuine vocal renderi ng since 
" f-Iarvest." More ,hocks fol-
lowed with the quirky techno-
pop dazzler "Tans" in 1983 
and the rock-a-billy " Every-
body 's Rockin'" in 1984. 
Much to Young \ delight, his 
record company filed a three 
million dollar lawsuit alleg-
ing that he was "making 
records that were not econom i-
cally feasible ." The unsuc-
cessful suit points to Young" 
si ngular pursuit of artistic 

qunlity and integrity despite 
commercial demands. 

The late '80s saw Young 
question the MTV cu lture with 
"This Note's for You." Along 
the way he ha~ released sev-
eral compilation~ to round out 
and focu s an incredible b dy 
of work. 

Now, as a rc~ult or a tried- ' 
and-true reco rding s trategy. 
Neil Yo ung and CraLY [Ior~e 
arc back with th ~ ,caring hard 
rocker. "Ragged Glory." Re-
corded from a .,ound truck in 
Young ' s barn in a ,eries of 
spontum:ous lIIarathun jams, 
" Ragged Glory" sc reams for 
atlenlion as the new CralY 
Horse stanclard. 

THE UNIVERSITY CENTER MARKETING 
DEPARTMENT IS LOOKING FOR 
STUDENTS TO PARTICIPATE IN A FOCUS 
GROUP FOR AN EXCITING NEW 
SERVICE TO BE INTRODUCED IN FALL. 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 

- ASSIST WITH MARKETING PLAN. 
"., 

-MAKE STUDENTS' VOICES HEARD. 

• GAIN VALUABLE EXPERIENCE • 

Interested? 
Please contact Peter Snee -or- Nick 

Long at 534-4022 for more information. 

Posi~ons open: 
Student· at-large (2) 
Programs Director 
Director of Finance 
Director of Communications 
Junior Senator 

Apply at the Dean's office, 
deadline is May 3. 
There will be an information 
session April 30th, 6 p,m., at 
Mountainview Lounge, 

GERMAN, SWEDISH a. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5/0 Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619) 21;)·11:12 
Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p .m. 

. VISA'.' • .. 
." 

e· IIridaII 
MOIQIoa 

We IMe .... ec: La. 11._11 .. __ .. 

.... rew.l~ ... 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

' Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 



l 4 The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 29, 1991 

r ] UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 
C - Apple Computer™ & Claris Corp.TM 

~~ 
~ Present 

Color of Success 
,. 

. t . tic:tt,* h " 
"""- - --' ~ ..... . :;.:~ .... - ..... ~ 
.- .-~ -..........., ......... --..... ~"'""~.-.". """-

.. ·;::~:::.':8i'i:~::S,~~:i:E:~:~Elli~~';2? ; 

Mac LC 2140 
$1795* 

Mac II si 3/40 
$2675** 

Mac II ci 5/80 
$4129** 

SPECIAL CONFIGURATION 
($375 Value) 

• Claris MacWrite II 
• Claris MacDraw II 

• Claris Art Files - Clipart 
• Factory-Installed Software 

• Factory SysteIn Set-up 
• and an Apple Sports Tote 

Quantities are litnited! 
Hurry before they're all gone! 

REMEMBER! 
Mac Classic 

and StyleWriter 
I NOW IN STOCK! I 

: : UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~-:::r=4 COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 

OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

LJr-:-SD 
I I f If II - • • I ( II : 1 

... Monitor not included in price 
...... Monitor and Keyboard not included in price 

, 

Monday April 29, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

, 

UCSD BOOKSTORB 
I 

2 0 0/0 o F F 

Donlt miss the only sale of the year where you can get 
so many of our regular stock items at 20% ofn 

11J.lcJ;.jj,:~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 
- -

5tJ?-... -;-~ 534.RBAD 
• Sale excludes magazines. bestsellers, textbooks, 
medical books and instruments, the computerl 
electronics depanment and items already reduced . 

15 



16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

Stnith Corona Seeks 
Student Mar eting Reps 
To sell Electronic Typewriters, Word Processors, and Computers on Campus 

Must be Sophomore or Junior by September 1991 Term 

Campus interviews at Price Center Irvine Room 
on Tuesday, April 30th. Sign up at Career Services Center. 

Monday, Apri129, 1991 

TRACK 
Continued from page 24 
name to the national roster. 

Stanforth is optimistic about the 
improving perfonnance of ev-
eral Triton men, "I think two or 
three more will [qualify)," he said. 

Stanforth sa id that Vicki 
Dunckley and Diane Keller are 
"getting close" to qual ifying in the 
400 meter hurdles. He noted that 
both took a second off their per-
sonal best this weekend. Dunkley 
finished first (I :05.22) and Keller 
second ( I :05.73) in the race. 

·'Anytime. being in a race that 
hon, [you] take off a econd, it's 
ig nifi cant," Stanforth aid. 

UCSD' Yvette Marzullo also 
trimmed a second off her personal 
record and was the only Triton at 
Saturday'S meet to qualify for na-
tional . Marzullo took first in the 
400 meters, finishing in a time of 
57.74. 

Also notable for UCSD, Erica 
Washington competed on Satur-
day after being out with a tender 
hamstring. Washington ran in two 
events - the 4x I 00 meter relay 
and 200 meters - placing first in 
both events. Noting that she "came 
through [the meet] tine,"Stanfonh 
added that Washington's presence 
is a key forUCSD. "If she's healthy, 
she's as good a sprinter as you'll 
find in Division lll." 

While Wa hingtoncameoffthe 
ideline , SCO(\ Sargeant took a 

brief hiatus from the field events 
because of a strained side muscle. 
Stanforth is hopeful that Sargeant 
will be ready for the upcoming 
conference and national meets. 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 24 
haustion in the fifth. 

"Thomason wasn't feeling well 
all day. He had problems with his 
throat, but he wanted to throw," 
Yates said. 

The Mustangsbroke out fortive 
runs in the fifth and sixth, tagging 
Thomason and relievers Denny 
Kubinski and Rich Tomolonis. 

"The [fifth] inning staned with 
a couple of walks, and after that, 
things completely fell apan." Yates 
said. "Our relief corps couldn't 
top them." 

The nightcap was a polar oppo-
site of the first game. UCSD re-
verted to lillie ball on offense, and 
the Tritons got a solid pitching 
perfonnance from Ryan Flanagan 
(4-6). Flanagan went the distance, 
limiting the Mustangs to six hits, 
striking out 10, and walking just 
one. 

"He was around the plate the 
whole time, and controlled the en-
tire ballgame," Yates said. flan-
agan was al 0 the beneficiary of 
some outstanding defense, specifi-
cally centerfielder Ernie Isola and 
Friedl. "Isola and Friedl made a 
couple of outstanding catches," 
Yates said. 

UCSD scratched out a pair of 
runs in the fourth on a pair of hits, 
a sacrifice bunt, and a run-scoring 
single. The Tritons added two more 
in the sixth to account for all of the 
scoring. 

"Once we scored [in the top of 
the fifth], we had to keep the mo-
mentum in our dugout, and Ryan 
went out and shut them down," 
Yates aid. "He was throwing so 
well." 

Offensively, UCSD was led in 
the nightcap by SteveNowlan, who 
went 3 for3. and Anthony Sanchez, 
who was 2 for 3. 

Monday, April 29, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Lacrosse Fourth at Final Four 
• Tritons lose to 
Stanford in first game, 
and then drop 
consolation to UCD 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

For the CSD women' la-
cro se team. the word teamwork 
has new meaning. 

Specifically, the Triton not 
only learned to cope with the pres-
sure of competing in the We tern 
Women' Lacros e League Final 
Four, but also to cope with the 
pressure of having a national title 
on the line, with no coach in sight. 

"Weall knew what we had to do 
and we dealt with it," UCSD's 
Deekla Mar hall said. "We came 
together a a team and helped each 
other out coaching-wise." Marshall 
noted that the coaches were unable 
to attend because of previous obli-
gation . 

The Tritons went 0-2 at the fi-
nal four, losing to Stanford in the 
semifinals 10-8 and dropping the 
consolation match to UC Davis 
10-6. 

"We were happy with the way 
we played," Marshall said. "We 
knew the coaches would have been 
proud if they were there ." 

UCSD faced Stanford -an un-
known opponent- in its first game 
of the tourney. "We were nervous," 
Marshall said. "It was the firsttime 
we've even gone to any kind of 
playoffs." 

Perhaps the nervousness ac-
counted for the (wo-goal differen-

SCORE 
Continued from page 24 

When I play, I really want to 
win. Especially because the 10 
times it's happened, it's been a 
really good feeling. An incredible 
feeling. When the pee-wee Braves 
beat the Standard Indians (yes, 1 
was in third grade. and 1 still re-
member it),1 ran overto that friend 
of mine and we hugged andjumped 
up and down. We were crying -
the whole team was. 

After a long losing streak, win-
ning no longer seems to be "a job 
well done" - omething routine, 
something where you pat your 
teammates on the back and head 
for home. It becomes much more. 
Winning becomes nothing more 
than some impossible dream, one 

YOUIILiNUS 
COULD .. 

PIOfITllLl ••• 
If you have a major illness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$$. 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis 
• Mononucleosis 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 
• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 
• Lyme Disease 

$50 
•• 
..... 

• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
SCI1;'itized to the Rh Factor 

For ~ 111 ...... I0Il, ,... mntact 

M.WOIAIOIIU 
226-1733 

Paul Norquist/Guardian 
Sharon Leibowitz scored two goals against Stanford, and one 
against UC Davis, but UCSD lost both games at the final four. 
tial. "It was a very close game." 
Marshall aid. "It could've gone 
ei ther way. They're an excellent 
team." 

Janny Chaiyavetled the Tritons 
in scoring with three goals against 
the Cardinal. Sharon Leibowitz 
added two, while Mar hall and 
Monique Mikrut each notched one. 

UCSD then played UCD for 
third place. "It was well matched." 
Marshall said. "We were outplayed 
fundamentally." 

The Aggies lost to UC Santa 
Barbara in the other semifinal. 
Marshall and Chai yavet scored two 
goals each against UCD, while 

that probably can' t be reached. 
And when you do finally win 

one, like we did on that dusty field 
in the old logging town of Stan-
dard- the field where cows grazed 
on the other side of the outfield 
fence-itseemslikeyou 'vebeaten 
the universe. Thelndians probably 
looked at us and shrugged. Big 
deal, they probably thought. It's 
just one game. We 'll win next week. 

But we knew that we probably 
weren't going to win next week, or 
the week after. Chances were good 
that we were going to lose every 
game by a large margin. And we 
did. 

But we had won one game -
we had done the unthinkable. It 
didn't matter what the score was, 
or who scored the runs. All that 
mattered was that we had done 

Mikrut and Leibowitz added one 
apiece. 

Despitethedi appointing how-
ing, Marshall noted that the Tri-
tons were anything but depre sed. 
"Overall, the eason is uch a va t 
improvement from last year and 
theyearsbefore ," he said. " We ' re 
really happy with [it] ." 

But the Tritons are looking to a 
future where UCSD women's la-
crosse will be more competiti ve 
for a trophy. 

"I think next year the champi-
onship may be clo er for us," 
Marshall sa id. "We'll have the 
people and tbe coaching." 

something that nobody - includ-
ing ourselves, our families, or our 
coaches - thought we could do. 

And so when [ play any game, 
even Guardian intramural softball 
games, I just think back 12 years 
- to that du ty infield next to a 
cow pasture. We were a bunch of 
crying kids, bawling over winning 
one little baseball game. To us, the 
ones who had tried hard 0 many 
times, who had put everything they 
had into playing but had come up 
shon, this was the best thing in the 
world. We couldn't believe it, but 
we had finally done the impos-
sible. We had won. 

So the Guardian team lost again 
yesterday. So what? Losing' s no 
big deal. 

Winning - now, that's spe-
cial. 

Allied Health 
Professionals " 

Take your science-related degrre 
into the Air Force, and become an 
dficer in the Biomedical Sciences 
Corps. You'll learn more, you'll grCM' 
faster-you'l! work with other dedi-
cated professionals In a quality envi-
ronment where your contributions 
are needed. 
In short, you'll gain more of every-
thing that matters most to you. Yru 
and the Air Force. Launch now-caJ1 

USAF HEALTH PROFESSIONS 
TOLL FREE 

1-800-413-USAF 

.. ~: > 

SPORTS 17 

WALK TO GRADUATION! 
The Residence Inn by Ma.rrlott La Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8200 $12500 
One-bedroom suite Two-bedroom suite 

At the Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla. your family will enjoy spadous one· 
and two- bedroom suites with fully equipped kitchens 
and living and living rooms. Also. they can treat them-
selves to our com· pllmentary 
breakfast and hos· pitality hour. 

800t Gilman Dr 
La Jolla. CA 91037 

(plc~ mention this itd to receive spedal fate) 

(619) 
587 

1770 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~a~~~~ Call lor details' 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Nol a lemporary waler loss • Reduce celiuirte and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Expires 5/ 24/ 91 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

S$A4VE WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 o WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99. 

tNTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
"FAMOUS TRAILS" . "MEl" . "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRtCES 

. ~~~:~~.~j~~ii:~ t:ii~: ~j;~: 'IJ~ 
: port hOlders. neck pillows. vohage : , _ 
: oonvertOf's. • ;, ,. 

".. : ... _"".!'f. C'f!"."" ..... :; . . "~ 
Ii ..... .-'s oepot· ~~. TAAVEl BOOKS MAPS LUGGAGE & ACCESSORIES 

1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach, Phone - 483-1421 
Mon-Frl10 a .m.-6 p.m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-5 p .m. 

Graduating Seniors: 
Your chance to make a difference 

at UCSD is here. The Euca]yptu 

groves need your help. Contribute 

to the Senior Class Gift 1991. 

STEWART PRllES 
IN LITERATURE: 

POnRY a FICTION 
OPDI TO All PARTICIPIilTS IF THE 

UNDERGRADUATE ARTS FESTIVal IT UCSD 
S 100.00 EACH 

./ Entries hould be in either poetry or fiction 

./ No more than 5 poems and/or 20 pages of pro e per tudent 

./ One prize for best poem and one prize for best prose fiction 

./ Include name, addre ,phone and student 10 numbers 

./ Pri.es will be awarded at 1991 Undregraduate Art Festival 
'II DElDLlIlI Fl. SlIMISS".S IS FIIDA'. MA' 17 A' 4:3D PM 

Lilerature Otp;trtmenl conlacr : Unda Teeple, 3 lJ3 lilcrallJlt BI<lg., Warren Campw 



18 SPORTS 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 24 

With Kathy Fogg at bat, Lancer 
catcher Vera Marquez tried 10 pick 

h::uken off at third, bu t her throw 
bounced off the bag, and haiken 
raced home with the game's fir t 
run. 

The Triton bats we re relatively 
quiet until the sixt h. Again, it was 

hmken who initiated thecommo-
tion . 

he ~tngled to lead off the in-
ning, and aovan eo to se ond on 
another sa nfice bunt by Molina. 

haiken Mole third, and then came 
around on Fogg'~ double. 

Fogg advanced 10 third on a 

sacrifice bunt by Pam Harnack and 
then ~cored on a llingle by Lynn 
Moreno. 

Dianna Moreno staned on the 
mound for UC D, and gave up 
only three hit whlle notching four 
trikeout ,including the ide in the 

third inning. 
The Lancers truck first in the 

nightcap, when Laura Thomp~on 
walked and Lori e lson followed 
with a run-\coring double. 

UCSD, however, had stamina 
on its id - orCal Bapti t' s lack 
of it. my Dawson pitched b th 
ends of the doubleheader for the 
Lancers, and herfallgue~howed in 
the second inning. 

Theresa wid. la, Deirdre 

The UCSD Guardian 

Casti 110, and Cindy Murphy 10, ded 
the bal>es with three straight two-
out single. haiken followed with 
a fourth logle to drive in wickla 
and Castillo. 

Kathy Fogg followed Dianna 
Moreno' opening game perfor-
mance with another fine outing, 
cattering four hit and shutting 

the Lan ers down after the first 
inning. 

Cal Baptist did threaten briefly, 
loading the bases with nobody out 
in the ~ixth. Dawson, however, 
chopped a grounder 10 third. 

L nn Moreno threw home to 
Swickla, who went to first to com-
plete the 5-2-3 double play. 

It was the Lancers' last eriou 

threat. 
De pi tethe weep,HeadCoach 

Meli sa Jarrell was not completely 
happy. 

"The pitching has always been 
there for us. W e just need to gelthe 
other aspects going. We could be 
more aggres ive, hit the ball more 
consi temly," she aid. 

The game marked the last home 
game for Chaiken, Hama k, Fogg, 
Lynn Moreno, Molina, and Kira 
Reinhan. Chaiken, noted, however, 
that the eruors were not completely 
finished. 

"The win fee ls nice, and I have 
lot of good memorie about play-
ing, but we still have game to win 
for the playoff ," he said. 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 22 
despi te nine sti tches in her head 
after a fall la t Wedne day after-
noon . Linda H nley, Christy 
Parker, Kri ten Larsen, and Jamie 
Daileyal 0 played well. 

Overall , Harper wa cxtremely 
pie ed with his team's perfor-
mance at Stanford, and is both en-
thusiastic and confident as UCS D 
- now ranked econd in the na-
tion - approaches the national 
championships in May, and a sec-
ond shot a t the Aggies . 

"They can feel it deep down 
in ide, that they can handle [UCD] 
when the lime comes," he said. 

COFFEE It 
°ll \$'«, 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 

OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court· Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Earn 4 units of 
language credit 

in just two weeks! 
Take inten ive Fr nch, German, or pan ish at 
UC D thi ummer. Choose 4 8 12, or 16 units. 

Lang. SA (equiv. to 1A11AX): M on., July 1-Tues., July 16 
Lang. 58 (equiv. to 18/ 1 8X) : W ed. , July 17-Fri. , Aug . 2 
Lang. 5C (equiv. to 1C/1CX) : M on. , Aug. 5-Fri ., Aug. 16 
Lang . 5D (equiv. to 10/1 OX) : M on. , Aug . 19-Fri., Aug. 30 
Fee: $295 for 4 uni ts, $580 for 8 units, $860 for 12 units, 
or $1 ,140 for 16 units. 

For udditionaJ informotion, contact UC D Summer Ses ion, (619) 534.4364. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Fn'L' C(}/~1I11alJ{m alld ttl/lin/ treatmcnt /5 IIl1n S.JO I fllllt' . FJI~/-t/l"e c!I(-,,,b o"ty ) ~ 

Eyebrows 
Upper up 
Chon 
Undelarms 

Breasl 
Siomach 

Bokon, une 

Fingers 

legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• Amen 'an kdl .i1 t\~. iauon 
.Inprm ~d ll1t.:lhod~ for prohkm 
CIS<;'~ In I M!n~iUve ~kll1 

• kclicJI .Ind co~melic <.:Ie":lIolr~i\ 
for men :lnd women 

• tt.:ffiak ~talT. ,Ule lie. lechniCl.tn~ 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJ()IIQ Vilklge ProfessloMI c-Ier 8ebillci Ell'pl alit Bar 
8950 VIlla LaJolla Dr te. lUi 

ollege ame. 
May 8th 

Campus-wide Finale 
May 15th 

Win Valuable Prize •• 

Hurry! Before 
I 

Ime 
• C 
• • 
• • 

~ 

C 
-" 

....... 

t 

-

-

Get your Spring Quarter text-books now! On May 6 we are 
returning all Spring Quarter tex~­
books to their publishers. 

= :UCSD BOOKSTORE ~ -=-~ TEXTBC>OKS 634 - 4557 ~~=~~~ OPEN: MON · FRI 8AM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM · 4 PM 
• II ~I I 
I I II II I II I 

Monday, April, 29, 1991 

BEACH VOLLEYBALL 
tt-,SS'ON 'EACH , s~N DIEGo 

SAlURDAY, tMY 4 • MARltfi'S POINT • 9:00 AM. 

UCSD RECREA'ION '. VOlUY ORLD 

The UCSD Guardian 

· 0000toUCSD 
sW6ntsori{ 
()(er-tfle.Une 
CAvisKJns: 
Am's, WcmJn's, 
Q>.ed, IFC 
Entry ile $l1 fB 
3-p«saImm 

• Beach VoIIeybaJI 
CAvisKJns: 
MJI's, Mxed 
Entry ile S20 fB 
2-persoomm 

• Nt partidpants 
receive official 
Beach 5{xxts 
Festival 
T-shirts 

• CtmJpOnship 
GtVards to div5ion 
IWrM 
~ T OIITI3I1IOOt 
apfiicalions 
avaiableat 

~iew 
Reaeauon 0f6re 

• Fexmcxe 
informatiJn, call 
MkeHfJp, 
Srott BerrrJes ex 
Matt Adams at 
UCSD Reaeatktl, 
5344037 
"" ... ... I ' ", 

~ --

.~ I . 

Irl~"t~'rll'!" 
~k:~JI'"d 1>1~~"l 

\ 

THE BIG BANG. 
=-

... 

) 
---

/ ' 

.... _-
. Z,p" ,1,,'1('" 15 ~III'S 

! 

/ 
I 

!IHI~th 11'1<1 J"," 

---

THE BIG EVENT: SAVE $ 250. 
Wh ill"kcr. " li t w dl.m dlc "IO"dc" "f the Milky WI) . wuld "I" .IY' be di~tr.lctcd by .1 ,,,Ie. 

/I ICX' I 't 3{1(lIl~ co"'puter :lIld 4OOdl'i IJ!>Cr primer Jt S2S0 ()ffi~ .111" tlKlk to ",ake 
hlln dcsl enu frum hl\ pcn.:h, Ah, Wh ,tt,lker. lie seldom caille to d.I". 13m he ,,:15 lIulck tu "pprcclJtc 

lhe greal tlisC()\cries of hi, lime. Offer glxlliulltil.lunc .10th. 

IJlli.il:1I 
: -: 

, 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COM PUTER CENTER 5 34 - 4291 
OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM -6 PMAND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

I 

Carwash • Gas Station • Dry Cleaners 
• Grocery Store· One Hour Photo • Florist 
• PostOtfice • Hair Salol') • Video Store • Bank 

• Restaurants • and many other retail stores. 

19 



20 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Graduating? Only 53 days till you 
wear that funny gown. Parents 
coming? Don't even think of another 
hotel till you call the La Jolla Cove 
Motel . 170 Beautiful rooms, wild night-
life of Prospect St. in your backyard, 
world class beauty of "the Cove" out 
your front balcony. ExpenSive? Not. 
$44 .00 UCSD special. Obviously 
these rooms will go fast. It's not too 
early, call 459-2621 or toll free (800) 
248-COVE. (4/8-4/29) 

Get Involved at Third College. Run 
for th ird College Student Council. 
Positions open: Student-at-Iarge (2), 
Director of Finance, Director of 
Programming , Director of 
Communications , and Junior 
Senator. Deadline to apply is May 
3rd. lnformation Session on April 30th, 
6:00 p.m., at Oceanview Lounge. 
Apply at Third College Dean's oHice. 
(4/22-5/2) 

Actor and Actress, mid-late 20's, 
wanted for short student film. Peter 
535-1274. (4/29) 

Interested in learning SCUBA? Class 
begins May 7. For more details call 
558-2081 . (4129-5/2) 

Internships available a.s.a.p. in San 
Diegol Totline Volunteer (Child 
counseling) , Department Health 
Services Pharmacy (aide) . Video 
Productions (aSSistant), Extended 
Care Special Events. Call ASIO 534-
4689 or visit 3rd floor, Price Center 
Office I (4/29-5/2) 

Impact the Future - "Tutor" -
Sherman Elementary Tutorial for Fall 
1991 Sign·up at Revelle Provost Ofc. 
by May 1. (4/29) 

'Now HIring' Revelle College Interns 
for '91-'92. Applications Available at 
Revelle Provost Ofc. Deadline is May 
6, 1991 . (4/29-5/6) 

UCSD's FACTORY OUTLET 
CLOTHING SALE. Apparel 
Designer Zone offers you 50%·90% 
OFF ! See the ad in this issue or call 
the hotline 450-3323. Top styles for 
less! (4/29-6/6) 

It's coming . .. UCSD Bookstore -
May sale May 1-4 20% off general 
book: technical books 20% off clothing 
and insignia Items; oHice and art 
supplies plus sale tables With further 
markdowns I (4/25-4/29) 

UNDERGROUNDI IS COMING! (41 
29-5/6) 

BMES MEETING ! Resumes? 
Company lists? Annual Dinner) All 
questions answered Wed., May 1, • 
p.m. @ EBU 5101. (4/29) 

SERVICES 
NEED A PERM? Or just a great 
haircut? Stacywith Huntridge Hair (in 
the Summerhouse Inn) is running a 
fantastic UCSD HAIR SPECIAL. See 
our THURSDAY ad or just call us at 
454-0785. (4129-5/9) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert, 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

, Oil, lube, filter $14."* 
• Ale Service $19."' 

, COolant Service ttl."' 
, Transmission SeNlce $24."' 
, Brake Special (1 axle) $ 59." * 

• most cars 

caD Auto C.re 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

eeeo Mlremlir Rd. , Mite C 
(behind GoocI)'ur) 

1M DIe,o, CA 92121 (lll)1S8-243I 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 29, 1991 

Wanted Warm . responslbl 

CLASSIFIEDS 
babysitterfor2chlldren (ages 214) M· 
W 830 - noon. Call 689-1549. (4/29-
512) 
WANTED: Native English speaking 
males, ages 27-60 to partiCipate in 
psychology-memory experiment. 
Quick, easy way to earn $10 Gust 
forty minutes)! Sorry, no graduate 
students. Call Laura450-1291 or 450-
9279. (4129-512) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is J for 
students (jar personal use only) , $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p .m . Monday for Thur day's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-()316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

FOR SALE 
Guitars - Gibson electric w/case 
$350 O.B.O. Alvarez acousticwlcase 
$150 O.B.O. Chris 931 -7970. (4/25-
4129) 

Olga Ban- Electrologist; 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student Discounts. 558-46441 
226-1962. (4/1-616) 

RESUMES WRITIEN by profess. 
20% off grad. stud. LASER - P.B. 
Writing Service 488-0625. (4/22-512) 

PASSPORTPICTURESll NewatCal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait . 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (1/22-6/6) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. For information call 
Post Graduate Group, 985-0426. (41 
1-616) 

Math tutoring , for qualified help in a 
wide variety of topics , call James 
483-7816. (4/15-5/6) 

WORD PROCESSING : Papers, 
reports, dissertallons, manuscripts . 
Laser. Lowest Ratesl Lu 234-5433.(41 
18-5/13) 

Dissertation services: accomplished 
writer can help you organize, Write, 
edit Reasonable, fast. Tracy Deliman 
673-4330.(4/18-4/29) 

Writing tutor, 5 years U.C. experience 
working with alileveislassignments. 
Reasonable rates. Steve 942-7835. 
(4122-519) 

6 Billion $$ available for student aid . 
ANY student can quali fy . Call 
DlversiTee NOWI262-4664.(4/25-51 
6) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL : 
Experienced . Word Processing . 
Write/edit : reports , manuscripts, 
resumes, dissertations , letters. 
Software Training: Word Perfect , 
dBase, Lotus. Presentation Graphics. 
Modem. Laser Printer. Weekend 
AppOintments. 1521 Summit Ave., 
CardlH. FAX: 633-1624. 753-5964. 
(4129) 

SUMMER IN EUROPE FROM $343 
each way discounted scheduled 
airlines to Europe from San Diego. 
(800) 325-2222. (4/29) 

TALENT SEARCH! 
Former telecommunications firm 
president seeks repslmanagersl 
executives for new venture to 
introduce patented, unique con-
sumer products in major U.S. cit-
ies. It took the cellular phone 
industry 3 YEARS to sell 1 million 
phones ... WE WILL SELL 1 MIL-
LION??? IN THE FIRST YEAR I! 
Dynamic $50+ billion industry. 
Degree not required, but pre-
ferred . Earnings based upon 
eHort: Reps $25-$60K, Manag-
ers $45-$125K. Training pro-
videc1. Can do ani tude required 
for the ·spotlight.' 

NNI 
ATTN: Talent Search 

8305 Lusk Blvd. 
San Diego, CA 92121 

(811, I89oHOO 

WANTED 
Need Cash? We deliver! Domino's 
Pizza is now hiring lor all positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. If you 
are 18 years old, have a valid drivers 
license, auto insurance, an excellent 
driving record , and access to a car, 
you can: Earn up to $101 hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom of being 
on the road, work flexible hours. 
APPLY TODAYI Domlno's Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. 452-UCSD. 
Please apply alter 3 p.m. (1 /10-616) 

I need 200 people desiring wealth 
without the corporate rat race. Call 
271-4940 for information. 271-4940 
(217-5/2) 

A LASKA SUMMER EMPLO~ 
MENT- fisheries. Earn $5,000+1 
month. Free transportation! Room 
and Board! Over 8,000 openings. No 
experience necessary . Ma le or 
Female. For 68-page employment 
manual . send $8 .95 to M&L 
Research, Box 84008, Seattle, WA 
98124 - 100% moneyback 
guarantee.(4/4-4/29) 

Wanted : Subjects from Boston 
needed for music perception 
experiment. No music experience 
necessary. $10/hr. Call 558-1385. 
(4/22-4/29) 

UNITED CAMPUS MINiSTRy ...... 
taking applications for fall quarter 
Student Intern . Application l 
Information, Bldg.1I502 MAAC, 534-
2521.(4/25-519) 

GIRL SATURDAY NEEDED WITH 
CAR. Driving to markets, Library. 
Light house work . Steady. 453-
5726.(4125-4/29) 

Roommate wanted. Beautiful 3 bdrm. 
house off Mira Mesa Blvd. Own room. 
Female/non-smoker. $300/mo. + 1/3 
utilities. Call April Vandenberg 571-
8888. To move in May 3. (4/29-5/6) 

Did you see that "TALENT SEARCH" 
ad below? (4/29) 

kinkOI$-
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific. Beac.h 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup b:change 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Former telecommunications firm 
presiden t seeks rep/managers/ 
executives for new venture to 
indroduce patented , unique 
consumer products in major U.S. 
cities. It took the cellular phone 
industry 3 YEARS to sell 1 million 
phones . . . WE WELL SELL 1 
MILLION??? INTHE FIRSTYEAR III 
Dynamic $50+ billion industry. Degree 
not required, but preferred. Earnings 
based upon effort: Reps $25-$60K, 
Managers $45-$125K. Training 
provided. Can do attitude required 
for the ·spotlight: NNI - ATIN : 
Tallent Search, 6305 Lusk Blvd., San 
Diego, CA 92121, (619) 689-8600. 
(4/29) 
ZenithlToshibaITl laptop w. 286-
processor, FD and harddrive 558-
7631. (4/29) 
GOING EAST? Drive our Maxima to 
Philadelphia, prefer departure May 
20-25 (but will consider later date). 
We pay car expenses. Previous long 
distance driving experience required. 
459-2321 . (4/29) 
Models, opportunities, experienced 
or not, fashion, photo, video, dance 
immediate work. Call 284-5095. (41 
29) 

SUMMER JOB, 3 dayslWk, to care 
for 2 lovely children in LJ home, 456-
1322. (4/29-5/13) 

Staff Wanted: Roughing It Day Camp 
in S.F. Eastbay hiring for summer 
19911 Positions: counselors, swim & 
riding, waterfront staff, enviromental 
education, sports, Arts & Crafts. Must 
have experience, refs. Call415·283-
3795. (4/29) 

1982 SUZUKI GL 125. Runs great. 
New tires . Serviced. 4700 miles. 
Parking permit. $450 Tobin 457-
2890.(4/18-4/29) 

'67 Cougar XR7/GTwI390; white with 
red leather; looks & runs beautifully 
$4600 abo. 488-2938 Jim. (4/25-51 
13) 

Car stereo system JVC cassette 
underwarranty, redline mids, tweets, 
and 10· subwoofers. Hifonics Europa 
Amplifier with .02% THO runs whole 
system with crystal clear sound. Paid 
over $900. I have all receipts. Like 
new. selling for $500. Give me a call 
58 7-8948. (4/25-4/29) 

Discount Roundtrip Airline Ticket -
S.D.-N.Y.-S.D. U.S. Air, Female 
passenger $243 .50 . 225-9380 , 
Nancy. (4/29) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

MoSI OOcloral studenls (64-91%), after 
compIebng 1tlelr course worII . remall1 with 
a dissertation pending completion indefi-
nitely. Among these ABDs (AU·B:'t-the· 
Dissertation) are generally lound the 
brightest and most creative candidales. 
AddreSSing those elemenlS involved in de-
laying completIOn, the workshop guides 
panicipants. from beginning to follow,ng 
through and co~lehon, partJQJlarly after 
years of inactiv,1Y and regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

Workshop Information 
985-0426 

Poslgraduate Group 

'_a 'J,l/lll 
0\ I( U:\IVERSITl 5'1\11'110:\\ ORUIESTIU 

& CHORLS 
Thomas ce, Music Director David Chase, Choral Director 

PRESENTS 

The Patron Saint of Music 
Choral Director David Chase 
conducts two quite different-and quite 
unusual-sacred settings. 
Allen Hoffman· MASS for ... the passing 

of all shining tl'ings 
Gourod ' St. Ceci lia's Mass 

Saturday, May 4, 1991, 8 p.m .• Sunday, May 5, 1991, 3 p.m. 

Peter Rejto Returns! 
Cellist Peter Rejto makes a welcome 
return to perform Dvorak's ever-popular 
concerto. 

Reynolds ' Graffiti 
Dvorak· Cello COllcerto, 

Peter Rejto, cello 
Beethoven· Symphony No.7 

Saturday, May 25, 1991, 8 p.rn. • Sunday, May 26,1991, 3 p,rn. 

STUDENT TICKETS ONLY $5 
\1 \\1)1 \ 11I1 \L 1)11()1{1L \1 

lie "-I I'" "'111 (,('IH'Ld ..,.., "'1'tlIClr., 
t \11 \'()\\ 1()1,\l()I\II'\I( ll,\I\IIII\' lh l" I';1 ,,, ;-

, 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

LEAVING COUNTRY SALEIAPPLE 
lie Computer wI word processor and 
printer $200. Surfboard 6'6" custom 
BESSELL THRUSTER wI channels 
and Alr·brush $200; Mountain Bike 
Skykomish (Nishiki) wlShimano 
Hyperglide Shifting $200; Graphite 
Tennis rackets - DONNAY $25, 
HEAD DIRECTOR $50; Oueen size 
futonlframe $70 BOOKSHELF $1 0, 
REDSAND V-BALL $10 CALL 546-
1466. (4/29) 

Futons and special frames, best price 
and quality, 10 Frame styles, 100 
Futon inventory. 226-1398.(4/4-4/29) 

Learning to surf? 8' 3" single fin $75. 
Also dorm size refrigerator$40. Andy 
270-5695. (4/29-512) 

·One round trip seajet certificate to 
Catalina breakfast & tours included 
in fare , $75.00. 558-5947. (4129) 

MacPlus4MB w/Kensington Fan. Like 
new. $750 or best offer. Adam, 534-
5605. (4/29) 

1988 Toyota MR2 - greylsilver, T-
bar roof, AlC, bra, extended warranty. 
$8950 or best. 273-2710. (4/29-5/6) 

Moving Sale. Newl OaklglasscocktaiI 
table with brass trim $100. Call 551 -
0261 evenings. (4129-5/2) 

BANKRUPTCY SALE: 1964 Classic 
Bug (runs great) , new refrigerator. 
twin futon frame and manress, full! 
queen pine headboard with full size 
comforter set, used recliner, 2 T .V. 
stands, oak wall unit, 3 drawer desk. 
Low prices. Call Steve 660·0935 or 
Melissa 273-4049 (evenings). Leave 
message. (4/29) 

HOUSING 
Want to make money while you are 
out of town this summer? Rent your 
house, apartment or part thereof to 
responsible law students who will be 
clerking at Seltzer Caplan Wilkins 
and McMahon in San Diego. Please 
call Maria Macias at 294-280 1, 
extension 135 for further information. 
(4/1-6/3) 

Female roommates wanted: Own 
room available in 2 story, 4 bedroom 
Mira Mesa house May 1. $35O/month 
+ 1/4 utilities. Non-smoker, no drugs, 
and no pets. 271-8349. (4/8-4/29) 

ForRENT:3bedroom,2.5bathcondo 
with fireplace. Mira Mesa. $S5O/mo. 
Sylvia 483-0047. (4/1 5-4/29) 

On-campus housing and $alary. In 
return for helping disabled student 
with personal care, 2-5 hrs/day. 
Female, non-smoker preferred . 
Please call Julie 458-9748 evenings. 
(4/22-4/29) 

Spectacular Ocean View. Private 
room near beach and campus, female 
non-smoker preferred. $343. 454-
0622. (4/22-4/29) 

Fumished large master bedroom , in 
a fully furnished multi-level condo 
with view, own bath and balcony. 
Garage, pool, jacuzzi, washer, dryer, 
microwave, dishwasher, fire place, 
near UCSD. $700 + util ities. 452-
0753. (4122-4129) 

Private room available in nice 4-
bedroom University City house with 
large back yard. Only $345 permonth 
(includes Utilities and Laundry !!l) 
Great location only 8 minutes to 
UCSD. Looking for a responsible, 
EZ-going roommate. Sorry, no drugs, 
smokers or pets. Contact John 453-
7159. (4/22-4/29) 

Room available in beautiful University 
City house only minutes fnomcampus . 
Pool, jacuzzi, 2 fireplaces, basketball 
court, washer-dryer. Plentiful parking. 
$400 + 1/4 utilities.278-0968. (4125-
4129) 
Roomate wanted, own room, bath 
$350. No utilities, no smoking, Leave 
message, Andy 294-7729. (4129) 

SUMMER: Person needed to share 
master bedroom $275/mo. Washerl 
Dryer, big screen T.V. CLOSE TO 
CAMPUS. Rob 558-1275. (4/29) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $250 Female to 
share nice 3 bedroom house (own 
room) . Patio, plano, fireplace, washerl 
dryer. No smokers, pets, drugs. Call 
mark or Erica 534-2391 , 534-3383 
(message). (4/29-519) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Cinderella, I found your dance shoe 
near Mandeville Aud. Call me at 543-
91 41. (4/22·4/29) 

Found : One earring in the bathroom 
of the WLH complex. It's a blue 
diamond-like stud. Call 558-5919.(41 
25-4/29) 

FOUND: A set of keys in a black 
leather case. Call 558-0329 to identify. 
(4/29-5/6) 

PERSONALS 
Del ta Gamma wants to thank 
everyone who participated in 
Anchorsplash - you were all 
GREAT!!! (4/29) 

The UCSD G u ardian 

STUDY, WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMER I! Info session Tuesday, 
April 9 1 :30 - 3 p .m. at the 
International Center LoungB.(418-41 
29) 

Get out to the beach i.e. The 
Firehouse Beach Cafe. Check out 
our meal ticket in the Guardian. The 
summer in on its way and the sundeck 
is awaiting your arrivall l Aloha from 
the Firehouse.(4111 -4/29) 

Top 3 least popular traffic schools. 3 . 
Crash and Burn TraffiC School , 2. 
Red Asphalt Traffic School , 1. The 
L. A. Police Behavior Modification 
Traffic School. The #1 most popular 
traffic school is the Highway to Humor 
Traffic School. Daylevening classes , 
PB or Mission Valley, 260-1954. (41 
1-5/4) 

Graduating? Only 53 days till you 
wear that funny gown. Parents 
coming? Don't even think of another 
hotel till you call the La Jolla Cove 
Motel. 170 Beautiful rooms, wild night-
life of Prospect St. in your backyard. 
world class beauty of "the Cove" out 
your front balcony. Expensive? Not. 
$44.00 UCSD special. Obviously 
these rooms will go fast. It's not too 
early, call 459-2621 or toll free (800) 
248·COVE. (4/8-4/29) 

Need cash? We buy CDs, tapes, 
videos. Music trader 7094 Miramar 
Rd. 693-1469. (4/22-6/6) 

Eric- Happy 21 /2 years! Loving you 
as always, Heather. (4/29) 

WORLD FEST UCSD: Exploring 
cultures here and abroad. Friday May 
10. All day at Price Centerl 
Int~rnational Center. Free raffle 
tickets at most events. Great prized 
from Council Travel. (4/29-5/9) 

Did you see that "TALENT SEARCH" 
ad below? (4129) 

Former telecommunications firm 
preSident seeks repl managersl 
executives for new venture to 
indroduce patented, un ique 
consumer products in major U.S. 
cities. It took the cellular phone 
Industry 3 YEARS to sell 1 mill ion 
phones . .. WE WELL SELL 1 
MILLION??? IN THE FIRST YEAR!! ! 
Dynamic $50+ billion industry. Degree 
not required, but preferred. Earnings 
based upon effort: Reps $25-$60K. 
Managers $45-$125K. Training 
provided . Can do attitude required 
for the "spotlight." NNI - ATIN : 
Talent Search. 6305 Lusk Blvd., San 
Diego, CA 92121 , (619) 689·8600. 
(4/29) 

NEED A PERM? Or just a great 
haircut? Stacy With Huntndge Hair (in 
the Summerhouse Inn) is running a 
fantastic UCSD HAIR SPECIAL. See 
our THURSDAY ad or just call us at 
454-0785. (4/29-519) 

What's better than great comedy? 
Great breathable comedy, duh . 
Sunday at the improv in P.B. = non 
smoking night! Call 483-4522 after 
12 noon. (4/29-5/13) 

UCSO's FACTORY OUTLET 
CLOTH ING SALE . Apparel 
Designer Zone offers you 50%-90"10 
OFF! See the ad in this issue or call 
the holline 450-3323. Top styles for 
less! (4/29-6/6) 

To Ebee-Welcomeback! It's about 
time that Carrie came to her sense! I 
mean, how could any person leave 
you at home all by yourself. Say hi to 
Carrie for me. (4/29) 

UNDERGROUND! IS COMING! (41 
29) 

It's coming ... UCSD Bookstore -
May sale May 1-4 20% off general 
book; technical books 20% off clothing 
and insignia items: office and art 
supplies plus sale tables with further 
markdowns! (4/25-4/29) 

r 20% OFFl IMMEDIATE REPLACEMENT Cooperthin (O.TJ .................................................... $19.00 
Ciba Visitant ........................................................... $26.00 

DAILY WEAR (Cooperthin) ........................... $89 
EXTENDED WEAR (B & L, 03104) ................ $105 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) ............ $199 
_:~.,. eJOlllinotlon· Gtoucoma l1li ' t..........r.g & fiIIi'Q -Pair 01 
""'*' _"" myaIIK (-..ghIId) • F-..p COlO ' Solution ar. kit· FI.II 
ii'IoIIucioroI & training , T_1h COlO ~_ • Other m"", brll'<l.1n stoet< 

'OlIo< good lor 1i!SI·1ime peIiIfIs 

I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I I LENSES OR BACKUP I 
GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 

Wesley· Jesen (OW) ............................................. $22~00 
Soft mate (OW) .................................................... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) ...................................................... $29.00 
B&L U4 ............................................................... $21 .00 
CIBA TINT ............... ........................ ..... .............. $39.00 L ExpIres 51'5/91 .J ~~~-~--------------II - - - - - - - - _________________ _ 

Limited time offer 
J & J Acu Vue or elba disposable lenses $89 

for 4 bOles with current RX 

Early ovening & Salurday appolnlmenlS now available 

J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lens 
complete package plan $189 

North 
County 
~1 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
al Miramar & Commerce behind Carl's Jr. VISIONCAHE 

MasterCard & Visa accepted 

578·6796 
East 

County 
~Sl6 

Ili.-.g 
TAKE ANOTHER 

_ $20°0 OFF!! 
3 DAYS ONLY! 

-- APRIL 30 
MAY 1 & MAY 2 

Jostens will offer the best price ever on your UCSD ring. Remember our offer of $1 00 off on the price of an 18k gold ring? 
$50 off on 14k and $25 off on 10k? Now you can take another $20 off- but only for these 3 days at the UCSD Bookstore. 

; :UCSD BOOKSTORE I.. ---., I I ! II II 'I II I 
~ _ ~ GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 7'106 

- OPEN: MON, FRI BAM· 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

We will also accept phone orders with credit card deposit 1-800-869-0966. Offer elCpires May 3 and sale is not valid in conjunction with any previous sale or offer. 

" 

" 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
----------------

APRIL 15 - APRIL 28 

SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 

~ BASEBALL 
~ 13-20/split doubleheader with The Master's 
~ SOFTBALL 
~ 18-19/playoff hopes dim in sweep by CSUSB 
~ MEN'S TENNIS 
~ 7·9/ next match today v. BYU, Hawaii 
~ WOMEN'S TENNIS 
~ 12-6/off until national championships May 14 
~ WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
~ 17·3/lost in championship game to UC Davis 
~GOLF 
~ 144/ lost by a stroke to CSU Dominguez Hills 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

----

INTERCOLLEGIATE SPORTS 
-

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

.....rr, . - .----11~ ~-----

r Date rvem _ 1 Time 
, Apr. 29 M. Tennis v. BYU, Hawaii 

Apr. 30 M. Tennis v. Point Loma Nazarene 
Baseball at Cal Baptist 
Softball at Whittier (DH) 

May4 
t- -

Baseball v. CSUSB (DH) 
Softball at USD (DH) 

, 

T&F: UCSD Last Chance Meet 

3:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
4:00 p.m. 
noon 

--I 
noon 
~ ..; 

TENNIS 
RESULTS 

11 ... 0,.11 .... _ 10 0101 
Men', (lJCSO "'" 

" ~l. __ J .... "..,.,."' ..... Sam (CII 
lUte d. Y_/ IIt_ (OCSO) 4jj. 7~. 61 

_'s Open(lJCSO~ , 10:00 a.m1 ~ May 5 1 Men 's Crew at Newport Beach 7:00 a.m. 
1 

~ - "'" ....... 84IJ IMI>tt 1lCU) <1 CMs £mlrj 
\.CSo,61. 61. M"" QwUlII.CUo) d. 1m Wj"" (lJCSO) 
.1. ,2.(/. s- iCII Pol! _ Id. JoI'nCross I\.CSO) 
.261· __ IOCRIa.cmsllt, IUClO)75. 

s;,. - f'nt _ : CnIy Hollon (CSUHI d. c.1a 
NoctoIIsILCSO)&I.&J. TNoI_ DnE"",pPol)' 
_) Ii IIoCjn _ 10CS0i &2, &3 

_-rnt_:~ICSlU)d._ ... 
IiIo<IIn/Amirdll)l'dl1VCSOl &2. 7~ • 

r-

r 

I 

May 10 

May 11 

May 14 

May 15 
May 16 
May 17 

May 18 

May 19 

T&F: at CCAA Conference Meet 
in Bakersfield, CA TBA 
W. ~ater Polo v. Long Beach St. 11:00 a.m. l 

-i 
T&F: at CCAA Conference Meet 
In Bakersfield, CA TBA 

---t ~jl W. Tennis at NCAA Division III I National Championships, Atlanta all day ~ 
W. Tennis at Atlanta all~1 
W. Tennis at Atlanta all day J 
W. Water Polo: USA Collegiate 

t National Championship~ UCS;:rD I ~ 
W. TenniS at Atlanta all day 
W. Water Polo: USA Championships all day 

-1 
M. & W. Crew at Pac. Coast ROWing 

, 

L 

Championships , Lake Natoma 
W. Tennis at Atlanta 
W. Water Polo: USA Championships 
W. Tennis at Atlanta 
M. & W. Crew at Lake Natoma 

7:00 a.m. 
all day 
all day 
all day 
7:00 a.m. 

• l .Olad ...... 'UCSOlo llMLwo .. (W ...... I6< •• 
1 Second -. """" I\.CSOI <1101t'''' Pm"" Icsw.I 
6< &2 - ...... ' ..... (lJCSOjd. StM ...... ,UC1<i 
&2.6lI '-t .... nd: ... 4inlniCol Pol) SlOjdMcne 
\.CSOI &2. 706-
--.... -:_~ICllPoI!_) 
d JoI'n ()VSS 'eMs £mlrj 64, 63. 'M1 ~""'/~ 
i1"'"<IUCSO, <llot I""",BoIiby loot>}' (tSl,UI '6. 6 

TRACK AND FIELD 
RESULTS 

otPoIotu... 

BASEBALL 
RESULTS 

_;UCS04 
s.. ~ 500 10 LCSO' 
n.. Mastef, 10 UCSO' 
\.CS04 lie _sO 

W. WATER POLO 
IiIIo: PeR ""'" 101. lCSO 7;. sosu l2. w""'" Putt RESULTS 
_ 81. UCSO 17. SOlO ~ 

at Il1o Wostltl QuaIIIca(Ioo T_ - StaooItoi, CA 
c~ _ UC Dans 6 UCSO 2 
\.CSO 13 _llIf 0 GOLF 
UCSO 19 lctf:lltidl Stall 7 
\.CSOI4 1IC_ 2 

RESULTS UCS08 IIC S,r,,-.6 

flMlafotT...,._IIoIt' 
CSU ~ Hons ll' ucso 305. uc _ "". 
-.... Oem !lunas. \.CSO. l4 
_ ucso r".,..,.. Boe 1Wt. 76; Jmny ...... 77; 
Boll MI)moo. as. Bob ~~ 78. Dolt _ 87. 

-, It Redlands CO<1OIr) Chill 
UCSO I • Wat<!$ 299 PeR lOmI 311 
""""'" 0..., ll'aNs. \.CSO. 69 
_ UCSO fMllets. Boll MI)e,..., iI. 0011e _ 
:4. Il00_.76. JettmrMoe. 76. BobI'r_17 

\.CSO 12 C~ Pol)' San u.s 000s!0 7 

SOFTBALL 
RESULTS 

\.CSO 3 CII Bapo~ 0 
\'cso1Cll8ap(rst1 
CSUSons.m.droo l UCSOO (lOmrcsl 
csus..s.m.droog UCS06 

BRAKE JOBS 
sta rting at 

$24.95 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bring this ad. Expires 5115191 -raM It ~N uc ... 

SD Mon.·Fri. 8·5 
Sal. 9·2 549·8233 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

AUTOMOTIVE 
Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 

to Foremost Business Park, Suite F 

~ 

Monday, April 29, 1991 

I GOLF I Continued from page 24 
Nonh Course. He was followed by Bob Knee, Jeremy Moe, 
Bob Meyerson. Bob Warrington , and Dale Abraham. who 
shot 76,77,78,78, and 87, respectively. 

Perhap the most unusual round of the day was turned in 
by Knee , who hot a three-under 33 on the front nine, only 
to soar to a seven-over 43 on the Nonh Course's ba k side. 

"Bob birdied the [par-five] ninth but then he got stuck 
behind a treeon the 10th and ended upwith adouble[bogey] 
there," Wydra said. "That kept Bob from getting anything 
going on the back." 

Wydra was pleased with the play of Meyerson, who shot' 
a ix-over 78 despite being tack led and having a mouse 
drawn on hi face while on the first tee. Meyerson had 
orche trated a similar practical joke on Wydra at an earlier 
match. so the head coach enli ted the ervi es of Thoma to 
gain his revenge. "Thomas tackled him like a strong safety 
and held him down while I drew a mouse on his face with a 
felt-tipped pen," Wydra commented. 

Perhaps the mo t frustrating aspect of the Tritons ' loss 
was the fact that they were playing on the North Course, 
in tead of Torrey Pines' much more difficult South Course, 
which is their u ual home course. UCSD wa originally 
lated to play the South Course, but due to a bizarre ched-

uling con flict , the Tritons were forced to tee up on the nonh. 
The UCSD Intramural Golf Tourney had been cheduled 

to tee off at the arne time as UCSD. The starter had thought 
the two groups were member of the same party. 

Wydra tried to rectify the situation with the intramural 
group, but they were not willing to switch cour es with 
Wydra' squad. "[The intramural gro up) aid they didn't 
want to play the North Course. They sa id they wanted a 
challenge," Wydra said . "J gue s it was a challenge for them 
since [thei r) average co re was well over 100," 

Wydra noted that the course change might have affected 
the outcome. "We know the South Course much better than 
the North," Wydra aid . ''I'm not trying to make excuses, 
but I have no doubt that if we had played the south that we 
would have won the match. " 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 24 

Stuck between a rock and a hard place, Harper had to go 
to his bench - pecifically, Brenda Rei tan . Reiton was 
recovering from a broken middle finger suffered in a game 
last week and wa li sted as questionable for the tournament. 
Broken fi nger or not, he helped lead th e Tritons to an 8-6 
triumph. 

On Sunday morning , UCSD made its way into the 
championship game against top-ranked UC Davis, after 
easily moving past Cal Poly San Luis Obi spo 12-7. 

The Aggies showed the Tritons ju t why they are ranked 
number one in the nation, however, as they handed UCSD 
it only tournament loss 6·2. Despite the four-goal marg in, 
Harper assetted that the game was really much closer than 
it appeared. "We played Davis very. very tough," he said. 

Goalie Dawn Ringhand had an excellent weekend and 
helped generate the Tritons' offense with some precis ion 
pa si ng to execute the fa t break. . 

Fre hmanAli on We tfall helped lead the Tritons ' charge 
See W. POLO, Page 18 

I 
8545 Arjons ~ 

SUite F ~ 

.8 
'" U 

• 

Miramar Rd. 

J 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Piua Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across 110m Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

L ___________________________________________ ~ OPEN 7 DAYS APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABlE 

Mond ay, April 29, 1991 The UCSD G u ardian 

$ 50 CAS H PRI ZES 
Reme mber: Tum in your tude nt O r ga nizat ion S urvey by 
Tuesday , April 0 , 1991, to VEl A. 3rd fl oor. Price Center 
in order to be e lig ible for the $50 Cash Prize . 

Events ••• 
AS MEETING 

Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Price Center, Thi rd Floor Conference Room 
All students are welcome to a\lend. 

HOME ALONE 
AS FJLM SERIES 
Thursday, May 2. 6:30,9:00, 11 :30 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $ 1.00 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
"GLOBAL SSEMBLY LINE & SERVICE TO THE NEMPLOYED" 
Friday, May 3, 7:00 pm 
Fau stina Solis Hall Room 107 
Free !! 

PUB SHOWCASE 
i, QUE PAS A ? 
Saturday, May 4, 8:00 pm 
UCSD Student $2.00/ General Admission 5.00 
Merry Go Down, Flatten Mahanen. Big Black Mariah . & 1 like Ike 

Insights ••• 
GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIET Y 

Meets on Tuesday. April 30. 5:30 pm 
Price Center Reservation lobby 
All old and new members welcome 

RALLY AGAINST ANTI-LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL ACTIONS 
May I, 12 noon 
Gym Step 
Come show your suppon! 

EXTER NA L AFFA IR S PO SI T IO NS AVAILA BLE 
• CAM PUS OFFICE DIRECTOR 

-shall oversee all External lobby staff 
-shall attend UCSA meetings 

• STATE DIRECTOR 
-lobby, educate studenst on state level issues, work close ly with legi lurors 

• MUNICIPAL DIRECTOR 
-lobby, educate students on local off campus issues 
i.e.) housing, mass transponation, ere. 

• LOCAL DIRECTOR 
-lobby, educate tudents on on campus issues 

• SAAC liaison to the AS 
-shall provide a direct link from the SAAC organization 10 the AS and vice 
versa 

·will wo rk on outreach and retention 

Applications available althe AS Offices. 3/'dfloor af Price Celllcr. 
Askfor Alma or call tact 534-4450 for mo/'e info/,lIIatioll. 
ApplicatioJls d/le Friday, May 10. 

EWSFLASHES is produced by the ASUCSD. Use the NEWSFLASHES REQUEST 
10 place an advertisement. Ads are subject 10 availability of pace. Deadline is every Wednesday 
for the follOWing Monday paper. Drop off and Pick up of all ewsfl ashes fonns are to be done 

th the AS Secret3J'Y" Third Ftoor of lhe Price Cemer. Contaci 534-4450 for more infonnation. 

MEC h A EVENTS!! 
Monday, Apri l 29. 5:00·9:00 pm. Intern:l1ional elller: MEC'h A ight with the 

II1lernational lub: food, student panel discuss ion. amI cnlertainm!;1ll by Ihe 
ME hA hoir. 

Tuesday. Apri l 30: Chi ano Latino Day. 7:00- 11 :00 pill at th.: Covc: opening 
present ations by Soni l l unez. film "Simple Maria" by Jo~.:rine Lopel. anti 1,;11':St 
peakers 

Wednesday, May I. II :00 am· 1 :30 pm. Price enter Plaza; Foklori ~o dancers. csar 
Chavel lec ture , and Altee dancers 

Th ursday. May 12:00·2:00 pm , Price Center: Thursday 011 the Greel1 wi th "Lighter 
Sh. de of Brown." arne Asada Sal.:. and lo\ Ri tle r Sho\\ h "Los Amigo) ar 

lub" 
f'rid:IY. May ,1_ :00·3:00 pm. Price Ccnt er PlaLa: Malia ' hi ilia. arne 

sada al.:. anti Hbturic:d brietly uf il1co tic ~hyo with Victor ha vCl anti Jll~e 
JimenC l 

5:(X)·7:!Xl pill . 111C Ilump. stalTing li ve an Diego', 1/ I Saba 13.lIId . 
"Orce~t ra aragucy" 

9:00 pm- I:OO am. Id Tri ton Pub: int:O de Mayou Dance ' [:lrring 
DJ. "The Big Time" 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS FINANCE BOARD 
Bud get Requests a re due 

Friday, May 3. 4:00pm 
at the A.S. Recep t ioni ~ t Office. 3rd fl oor. Price enter 
For Fall Quarter 199 1 Programming and 199 1/1992 Operating 

Budgets. 
Hea ri ngs w ill be he ld 

Wednesday· Friday. May 8· 10 
Mak.: appoiI1lmcnts wi th the A.S. Recel lioni, t 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL MEETIN(; 
Wednesday . May 1, 5;00 pm 
Berkeley Roolll --Price en tcr 

COUNCIL T RA VEL'S WORLDFEST 
May 10. 11 :00 am-7:00 pill 
Price Center 
Explore culture here in the Uni ted States and abroad. Win a free Irip 10 Europc 
and Eurail pass at the exciting culwral talent show, Friday evening. May 10. 

THE BALLROOM DANCE CLUB PRESENTS 
MAY DAY DA CE! 
Tuesday, Apri l 30, 7:00 pm·9:00 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
Le onsat 7: 15 
Admiss ion is free! No panner or expe rience required! 

I -CLUB & MEChA MEXICAN CULTURAL EXPERIENCE 
Monday, April 29. 6:00 pm 
International Center 
· Mexican food 
·panel discus,ion 
·cultural perfornlance 

Everyone wei orne 

UNITY FEST COMMITTEE MEETING 
Festival for retention of under represented tudents. All sludent organizations 
interested in participating (i.e. fund raising. cultural perfonnances. recruillnent) 
please attend organizational meeting: 
Tue day, April 30, 5:00 pm 
3 rd floor Price Center 
Lobby Annex Office 
For information contact Dulce Led ina (534·4450) 

VOZ FRONTERIZA GENERAL MEETINGS 
May 1, 3:00 pm and May 2, 4:00 pm 
Old Student Center. upstairs room 2 11 .3 

VOLUNTEE R FLAS H ES 
I. We are looking for a few dedicated individuals to serve as the 199 1- 1992 Volun 

teer Connection staff. Applications are avai lable for the fo llowing paid po itions: 
Director. Assistant Director, Director of Special Projects, Office Manager, 
Student Contacts. 

2. We are still taking nominations of graduating sen iors for the Vice hanccllor 
Award ror Outstanding Community Service. The recipient will be given a 
plaque and a check for $ 100 at his/her commencement. Nomi nations are also 
being taken for nongraduating student for (he olunteer Connection Director's 
Award. Call Sue Park at 534·1414 for more information. 

23 

• 



KEEPING SCORE / J4S0\ S~ELL 

I've Had Enough 
Character Building 
T his quarter, the en tire Guardian staff decided t do )' mething devcr and 
forn1 an intramural c cd <,oftball 
team. Ju t Divl)'lon , no 
prcs~ure. no problem. I'un ~ tuff. 
\ c' .. e playcd four games. and 
thcy've all definllely becn fun . 
I!', ju~t fun to play. 

fwur,c. wc've aJ...o lo,t JII 
tOll! of them. e\tcld.l)' we 
malwged to dlm:h a 10\lng 
leeord . The lo)'ing part doc,n ' t 
really matter, a" IOllg a ... \ e h.l\ e 
a good tim '. but it dcflllltel) 
doc)' remind Ille of III pa\t 
hl\tory \ Ith organlled SPOl1s. 

r. to put II anothel way: 
organw.:d spOrt, team, I've beel! 
on have managed to fi )!ht their 
\1 <I)' to a comhlned (and thi ~ 1\ 
.Iu,t a rough gue\\, tr) II1g t 
e, t imate the numher of game, III 
a ~ea~on coullting the wi//.I 1\ 
no problem ) 10 77 record. That' ~ 
two Will' 111 tour yea l'> of pee-
we' ba~eba ll , two wln~ In two 
years of elementary school 

(~evcnth and cighth grade) 
ba,kctball , t\ 0 wil1~ agaill~t the 
Koala in Guo/(lwn-KII<lla 
,oflball game~. and four win~ In 

D intramurals. 

T lll ' Mt s half or the win ... I've cvcr been im Ived 
\\Ith were in//l/ll!rtuhe Wala 
PollI. You ge t :'OfllC Idea about 
the Incredible ... ucce~\ I' ve had . 

The) ... a losing builds 
charac ter. I hope that's true . The 
only other ~ el ... on who e peri -
enced \uch depths f I !'ling ~ as 
Jil e1emelltal') ... e hoo I friend of 
mine whom I haven' t :-.ecn in 
year~ . He alld I played n the 
pee-wee ba\eball team and the 
elementar) scho I b'l'>ketball 
team together. 

It' . all mad' me understand 
about how great competiti n i . 
But it's also !aught me to ~avor 
wi nning. 

R L\tt Y. r .. c been told that winning's n t the most 
Important thing. That' s how the 
platitude g es, anyway. But 
when you'r the first baseman 
for the olulllbia Pee-Wee 

Brave~ and you' re in third grade 
and you've lost 30 game~ or s 
III a row. winning feds 
mighty god. 

lIow g d? I can' t e ' plain it. 
I have the feeling \ inning means 
more to me. in some ways. than 
it means to other people. Maybe 
if you lose too much. ) ur 
character tart being taken awa 
again. 

See SCORE, Page 17 

SPORTS 
The U D Guardian 

Tritons Qualify for Nationals 
• Water polo loses to UCD 6-2 in title game 
at Western Qualification Tournament 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Wnter 

Thc 0 w men' ~ water 
polo team can' t be anything but 
sati:-.fied \ ith its pcr~ rnlunce at 
the We tem ualifying Tourna-
ment thi wed.end at tanf rd . 

Dwell! 5- 1, and advanced 
all the way t the tourney cham-
pion!.hip where it I \ t t 
Da Il> 6-2. 

The tournament, which was t 
determine the eeding for the 
national champion 'hips in Ma , 
left the Trit n 17-3) and Head 

oach Denny Harper starting t 
hear that fain t whisper of a na-
tional title I ming in the di -
tance. nd the like what they 
hear. 

D warmed up for the 
weekend Friday night wi th a I -

Seniors Lead 
Softball Sweep 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Wnter 

Facing the la ... t home game of her SD 
career. Dana haiken lIent Ou t in style. In 
Saturda .... doubleheader agam ... t al Bapti),t , 
Chaiken went 4 f r 7. !>corcd tw run~, dr ve 
In t\ 0 more, amI ... tole two ba e~ . to lead the 
U '0 ~o flball team (18- 19) to a double-
header \11 eep of the Lancer!> 3-0. 2- 1. 

The two win ... \ erc critical for the Trit n~ ' 
flickering pia) otT hopes - hopc!> that took a 
nose dl e on Thur"day when an Ber-
nardino 'wept ' 0 1-0 ( 111 10 inl1lng"') and 
9-6 in an Bernardll1o. The pair f1o~~e \1 ere 
the Triton ... · fir ... t to a Oi i!>i n III opponent 
thi, e.1r. 

D )\\ n. but not 4uite OUI. D opened 

o dunking of Pomona-Pitzer. Sat-
urday morning' conte t proved 
to be much of the arne, as the 
Triton riled palot Long Beach 

tate 19-7. The Tri!on had even 
Ie s trouble with Irvine, crui -
ing to a 14-2 win. 

On Saturday evening, the Tri-
ton fa ed C B, which hud been 
ranked ahead of the Triton in the 
pre ea on poll . The Gaucho were 
n t about to let UC D go without 
a fight. 

See W. POLO, Page 22 

• aturda .... opener again ... t al Baptbt with a 
ty,1ng. haiken led ff the b ltom of the fir~t 

~ ith a ... illgle and then roared into third on a 
)'acritice bunt b) tephanie Molina. 

See SOFTBALL, Page 18 

Brian Morr is/Guardian 
Dianna Moreno hurled a complete-game shutout 
Saturday, striking out four and giving up just three hits. 

Course Change Knocks GoH Awry 
• Bizarre scheduling conflict forces UCSD to 
Torrey Pines North ; CSUDH wins by a stroke 
By Les Bruvold 
ASSOCIa te Sports EdItor 

For nce. the ' D golf team 
thought it had th e al tate 
Domingucl i Iilb T ros right \ here 
it wanted them . For four straight 
seas n~. the Tritons had faced the 
Toros at OIl' s home cour e 
and had come up ~h rt in all four 
dual mat he b a grand total of 
seven stroke , 

This time. however. e er) thing 

~cellled to point toward a SD 
victory in Frida' howdm n at 
Torrey Pine' : the Triton~ had the 
h me- ourse advantage and \ ere 
pia) ing their best golf of the ea-
~ n. 

Things didn't go quite as ex-
pected, howe er. C D ( 14-4) 
dropped it fifth 'traight tight con-
test t the Toros. losing by one 
stroke 304-305. 

"We thought that thi time we 

had them where we wanted them," 
o Head Coach Mike Wydra 

'aid."Afterwelo tbythreestrokes 
up there [on February 15] we 
thought that we'd be able to beat 
them on our home cour e." 

"They [C DH] are a pretty 
good Di i ion II squad. but every 
time we get together we end up 
having the e really exciting. close 
matches." Wydra aid. 

C D' DevinThoma wa the 
medali t, firing a two-over-par 74 
on the 6.659-yard Torrey Pines 

See GOLF, Page 22 

Monday, April 29 1991 

Dan McDowell /Guardian 
Christy Parker and the 
Tritons went 5-1 at Stanford. 

Baseball 
Pride Good 
For Split 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

It 's been ~even year since the 
UCSD baseball team was knocked 
out of the playoff picture wi th 
games remaining in its sea on. 
Corre pondingly. it' s been seven 
years since Head Coach Lyle Yates 
had to pull hi !> "play for pride and 
dignity" peech out of the closet. 

Saturday, at Newhall. pride and 
dignity were good for a double-
header plit with The Master' as 

CSD dropped the opener 10-4, 
but came back to take the nightcap 
4-0. 

Havin g conceded that 
postseason play is out of the ques-
tion, Yates took the opportunity to 
experiment with the lineup. In the 
opener, he stacked the order with 
five left-handed hitters. 

"We put [lhe left-handers] in 
our lineup pecifically because the 
wind was blowing out in right field. 
We were looki ng for the long ball ," 
Yate aid. Two of the outhpaw 
came through. Karl Friedl and EJ. 
Remer pounded two-run homer 
to account for all of the Tritons' 
run . The home run taked UCSD 
to a 4-1 lead, but the Triton were 
unable to make the lead tand up. 

Bryan Thoma on (2-5) tarted 
on the mound for UCS D and 
pitched well for the firs t fo ur in-
ning , but he hit the wall of ex-

See BASEBALL, Page 16 

Track Misses Field and Places Second 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Yvette Marzullo qualified for 
the national meet in the 400 
meters with a time of 57.74. 

• Point Loma wins 
both the men's and 
women's meets 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

The D track and field team 
headed into aturday's meet with 
Point L maand a caled-down an 
Diego tate team expecting to fin-
ish first. econd \ ill ha e to do. 

The Point Loma women 
queaked by D 1-77, while 

the Point Loma men knocked off 
D 101 -7. an Diego tate 

fini hed third in both the men" 
and women'. C D Head Coach 
Mark Stanforth expres ed mixed 
feeling about the meet. 

"It \ as a good meet. particu-
larly on the track." he said. "On 
the track, every race \ as reajly 
close." But on the field. the com-
petition ju t wa ' n' t the same, 
.. orne of the event were really 
la king." he aid . 

urthermore. SD did not 
bring it' entire team, making the 
meetliule more than a dual meet. 
" It wa n' t as meaningful n the 

field as on the track." 
Despite the "lacking" field 

and UCSD's econd-place fin-
i h in both men' and women' 
competition. Stanforth found 
ome bright spot . 

"We had orne good perfor-
mance ." he aid. 'Team-wise, 
we're coming along," 

UCSD has a total of I I Tri-
ton qualified for the national 
meet, nine women and two men. 
But, according to Stanforth. 
UCSD houldaddacouplemore 

See TRACK, Page 16 


