
.SCENCE 
It may be wen-known for 

the fIIsbing sign listing the 
seven vices and virtues-
but within the Cbarles Lee 
Powell Structural Testing 
Laboratory. scientists destroy 
buildings in hopes of 
preventing damage from 
futwe eartbquakeslPAGE 6 

• FEATURES 
When the Gulf War 

bepn. segments of the 
"normal" people wtnt a liule 
crazy. But according to 
mental health couoselors. 
many psychiatric patients 
reacted with great interest 
and empathy to the war. 
which served as their new 
focus/PAGE' 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD baseball team 

strugled offemively in a 2-
o losa to CSU Dominguez 
HiDs Tuesday. Sophomore 
Ryan Flanaaan pve up just 
eiabt bits and two runs in 
coina the distance. but the 
TritonI could only manaae 
dne bits as a team in faIlifta 
to 12-171PAGE 11 

\~'t 

Dance Approved as 
Theater Dept. Minor 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

Dance, currentl offered at D thr ugh the Depanment of 
Physical Education, ha~ been approved a~ an academic minor in 
the Depanment fThe:lter beginning this ulllmer. 

"We are plea.~ed that the dance program will now ha e a home 
in our depanment," said Theater Depallment hair Adele hank. 
" ndergraduate students will now have a comprehen ' i e dance 
urriculum with increased academic c ntcnt. Theater and dan e 

are collaborative arts and we look f rward to the integration of 
dance into the creative life and educational cnvironment of the 
depanment." 

The minor will c nsist of a total of _8 credits, including 12 
ele tive units from a eh icc of 18 movement classes ffered in 
graduated level. f ballet , jau. dance, modem dance. and d:mce 
for musical theater. 

The academic poni n will include courses in dance history, 
perfonnance. eh reography, mpositi n, and design. 

~\t)S ~ -~E BlOCK 
''The minor program is going 10 change only a little in its focus 

toward its academi d 'gree," said Dance Pr gram 0- oordina-
tor Margaret Mar hall. "The presentation of the curriculum, 
however, will remain very similar to what we have now." 

"For example, students ma be required to attend a concen and 
write a one-page paper about it. The temlin logy, which they're 
already learning, will be tested, and there will be a m vement 
final." said Marshall. 

Entrance into various clas es and the minor will be granted 
after auditi n ancl/or instructor consent. 

Plaza Puppets - A puppet show in the Price Center was among 
events scheduled this week as part of "Disability Awareness Week . .. 

Toaudition, students will need to giveadancc instructoran add 
card. The instructor will then aclvi 'e and lirect students to their 
appropriate kill level. 

Tho e not enrolled in a dance lass will be allowed t come in 
and wann up during the first two weeks of the quaner, taking a 
cia in the level they think they want to be in. The in tructor will 
let them know which cia s they should be in and sign their card for 
regi tration. 

-Dean of Soviet Journalism School 
"The audition shouldn't be too scary ,just real natural," Marshall 

said. Trades Places with UCSD Professor Various perfonnance opportunities wi ll also be available for 
tho e involved in the program. By Melinda Hamilton 

Associate News Editor 
Communication/Social Force 171 Band 
Political Science 102lB). Students will have the chance to have their work presented in 

a fonnal concert at the end of Winter Quar1er and will perfonn 
faculty repertory work in a public concer1 during the spring. 

As part of an international professor 
exchange, the dean of Moscow State 
University'S School of Journalism, 
Yassen Zassoursky, i gue t lecturing 
through next week for the Communica-
tion Department at UCSD. 

In retum, Hallin iscurrently lecluring 
to Zassoursky's classes in Mo cow on 
the American media. His topics include 
coverage of the war in the Per ian Gulf 
and the hi tory of the American pres . 

Students in the program may also demon trate experimental 
choreography in the UCSD Undergraduate Ans Festival, held at 
the end of each academic year. 

Zassoursky has been lecturing in 
Communication and Political Science 
Professor Daniel Hallin' s American 
News Media course (cro s-listed both as 

Hallin, who does not peak Ru ian, 
will be lecturing in Engli h. While most 
Soviet tudent speak English, two of 
the four lecture will be translated simul-

Dance minors may also audi tion for the U SD Dance Reper-
tory, a group that offers lecture demonstrations, perfonnances and 
master classes in the community and at other UC campuses. 

Dance minors will also be required to take movement course 
See DANCE, Page 7 See EXCHANGE, Page 3 

SAAC, Supporters Protest Guardian 'Insensitivities' 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

Representatives of five Student Affinna-
tive Action Committee (SAAC) umbrella or-
ganizations and a coalition of upporters held 
a rally on Tuesday to protest what they saw as 
unfair coverage in The UCSD Guardian. 

The rally, which began at Revelle Plaza, 
resulted from the coalition' frustration with 
what they perceived to be a perpetuation of 
negative stereotypes promoted in the 
Guardian's page throughout the year, 

Approximately 40 SAAC organization 
members and supporters marched to the Price 
Center carrying banners and chanting slogan 
which called for an end to the ignorance that 
they believe su tains negative stereotypes about 
people of color. 

According to SAAC Chair Vanness Har-
ri ,the coalition had come together in an effort 
to foster awarene . 

;'The goal of our rally i to awaken and 
make aware adonnant university andcomruu-
nity about the mi repre entation and insen i-
tivitie portrayed byoneofthecampu 'new -
papers, The UCSD Guardian," he aid. 

HaITi cited four demand that the SAAC 

organizations had fonnulated. 
These were the e tablishment of fair and equi-

table coverage of underrepresented organizations 
and events, a stop to the cen orship ofletters written 
in re ponse to articles printed in the paper, an end to 
the fostering of negative stereotypes about 
underrepresented student , and an overall aware-
ness and sensitivity on the part of the Guardian in 
its coverage of organization affiliated with SAAC. 

"The Guardian can begin thi awarenes and 
sen itivity by acknowledging it mi representa-
tions and publicly apologizing to the SAAC orga-
nizations," he said. 

Harris then called on the different SAAC orga-
nization who felt victimized by the new paper to 
voice their grievances. 

The first group to peak wa MEChA and its 
Chicano/Latino upporters. The group was particu-
larly offended by the "Cabbage Revolution" COI11-
mentary by Jeff Pitman and cartoon by Marc 
Uptergrove in the Guardian (Feb. 28, 1991), which 
talked about drunken tudent taking trip to Mexico 
and depicted Mexican farm workers wielding veg-
etable and wearing ombrero. 

MEChA Chair Victor Nieblas expre ed the 
group' outrage at the racial stereotyping in th car-

See PROTEST, Page 8 

Patty JeHle/Guardian 
African-American Student Association 
President Philip Harris was among speakers 
at Tuesday's anti-Guardian protest. 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Polish Videographer of Solidarity 
Movement to Lecture Next Week 

Underground video documentarian Pion Bikont, who 
has won everal P Ii h film awards for hi work. will 
appear:l!> a UC Regents Lecturer from April 23 - 26. 

Bikont, who vide taped Octan k, Poland, during the 
olidari ty movement 's 1988 and 1989 strike efforts, will 
~creen his videos and lecture on documentaries. 

On April 23 at 7:30 p.m. in th UCSO Mandc ille 
Recital Hall , Bikont will give the fir t reening of hi~ 
videos ina program titled, ''Tran fonnatian : Documenw-
rics 19 8-89." He will then appear on April 24 at 12: 0 
p.m. in room 201 of the Media Center/Communication 
Building in a communication colloquium titled. "On 
Document iug SolirulI; t y." 

On April 25 at 7:30 p.m. in the Center for Mu i 
Experiment, Bikont will reen "Defonnation: Video Art 
and Documentary 1990-91." a tInee-video serie docu-
menting post -Solidarity Ii fe. 

The final event in the cries, a panel di cu sion titled, 
"AnaJld the State," will beheld on April 26at4 p.m. in the 

enter for Musi Experiment. The e event are free and 
open to the public. 

Humanities Department to Hold 
Lectures and Seminars Next Week 

• Monday - Viktor DanilenkooftheMo cow Insti-
IUteof lntemati n<l l ffairs will pre 'ent"Pere ·troika and 
Constitutional De el pmcnt of the U.S.S.R." at3 p.m. in 
H S room 7077. 

• Monday - Pamela Smith of Pomona allege will 
lecture 0 11 " atural Philo~ophy in 1669: AI he my and 
Sugar, Curiosi ty, and olonies" at 4 p.m. in the Santa 
Barbam R m of the Price enter. 

• Thur~day - Dr. arl Djerass i of Stanford 
nivcrsi ty's Dcpanmcnt of hcmislIY will lecture on 

.. anlOr' ~ Dilelllma: A Fictional iewofEthi s. Mentors, 
and W men in ien e":ll -I p.m. in the orth Conference 
R III or the Old tudent enter. The lecture will include 
a reading frolll and dis ussion of DjerJ si's nove l. 

The UCSD Guardian 

San Diego World Trade Association 
To Hold International Career Night 

The World Trade Association of San Diego is sponsoring 
aJl even! dedicated 10 the needs of students who .are pursuing 
a career in international bu ine . 

Panicipant~ will be given a chan e 10 listen to and meet 
with experienced inlernmional business executive from nu-
merous fields. The e III lude profes ional from marlUfa tur-
ing, banking, import, government. and consulting firms. 

Theevenr, to be held tonight at 6 p.m. at the San Diego State 
University Casa Real Aztec Center, is free. 
Disabled Student Services, Students 
To Honor Professors at Price Center 

The UCSD Disabled Student Service will pre ent the first 
"Profes or of the Year" awards to three faculty members 
whom di abled student found to be "especially sensitive and 
helpful in ac omodating their di abilitie ," Laura Chipps of 
Disabled Student Services aid. 

Oi abled students nominated faculty members based on 
how much support and consideration they gave disabled 
student . The lhree facuIty members to be honored in a 
ceremony at noon today in the Price Center are Professor 
Frank Thies of the Math Department, his teaching assistant 
John Eggers, and Professor Matthew Chen of the Linguistics 
Department. Chen was nominated by doctoral student Yuchau 
H ·iao. and Thiessand Eggers werenorninaled byundergrddu-
ate student Emily Shen. 

SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 
Abraham Braude ViSiting Professor 
Ziegler to Give Lecture on April 24 

Dr. Elizabeth Ziegler, profes or of medicine at the UCSO 
School of Medicine, will lecture on "Antibody Against Endo-
toxin: From Bench 10 Bedside," at8:30a.m. onApril24 inthe 
Multipurpose Room of the Vcterans Administration Medical 

enter. Zicgler is the Abraham Braude Vi iting Professor. 
Tlrere is a correcrion rorhe 8iocilemislr),semillarwirh Dr. 

Mar:ell Herold of Hewlerr Packard, WaldbrOlln , Germall),. 
The lecrure will be held all April 19 al12 p.m. illt"e Centerfor 
Molecular Generics Bllilding Lecture Room. nor Oil April 18. 

WEEKEND WEATHER WATCH 

Vista 
66-65-65 Escondido 

~ " -67-66-66 

Oceanside ~ \ 
63-67-62 

Poway 
67-65-65 

~ 
Miramar 
65-64-65 

"'. 

Thunday, April 18, 1991 

Compiled by Kent Korzon, Senior Staff Writer 
WtchsdIy, AprtIl0: 
2:40 p.m.: A SIal! merrber reported the bur9aIY of vms .ems from the Price 

caner Hoosek8epng Office. Loss: $2.100. 
3:30 p.m.: A bicycist coided 'MIh a 1984 Honda Accord on cat1llUS. No i~ry 

was repoIted. 
4 p.m.: A stall IT81iler reponed bate!)' t7t a feIow ~ at Urey Hal. 
4 p.m.: A SIaIf IT81iler reported the theft of a VCR from HSS. 
lluIdIy, April 11 : 
I I am.: A stJderfs bicycle was stolen tram the Gr0\i8 catte. Loss: $350. 
11:15 a.m.: A siJderi reported the !heft ot a baj(pack tram AIlChorview 

Commons. Loss: $77. 
2:10p.m.: A student's bitycIe w~ stolen from the lenaya Hal bike radIs. Loss: 

$360. 
2:40p.m.: A studenl reported the !heft 0( a bicycle from the Coast Apanmer1s. 

Loss: $125. 
2:S5 pm.: A 19-yeiY-dd studenI w~ anes1ed b' exposing himseI1 at CeriraI 

lbary. He was cited and 1tIIeased. 
8:45p.m.: A stat meniler's car was IlIpOIted burpized in La 101. Loss: $328. 
FttdIy, AprIl2: 
12 p.m.: A stat meniler's IocXed vetide was reporIed burglarized on NoIIh 

Toney Pines Road. No loss. 
2:15p.m.: A 22·year-dd S1Udert was arrested b' misuse of a haJrlca!lped perrrit 

in La 113. then cited and released. 
3:45pm.: A S1Udert's caIWaIcr was reported ..., from MMC \Ootje the 

SIJderl was ~ from the aRIa. Loss $300. 
5:10 pm:. A SIaII manter suIIeI9d I:t1est pains in La 2JJ7 an1 was taken to 

SaWS Memorial HospUI t7t piIlII1I8dics. 
SIUdIy, AprIl 13: 
9 am: A 23-yu-dd S1Udert at the Mesa ApcI1meris was JllIlI"der amn's 

lII95Ilor lately. 
SInIIy, ,,'4: 
10:40 a.m.: A stJdert's t985 Toyas ~ was repodI!d stolen from DiscoYery 

Way. 
t 1:45 a.m.: A siJderi reported the b.Jrgary 01 a 1982loyclCa Cressidain LcH01. 

Loss $265. 
4:40p.m.: A rlOIHlfIial's vetide was reported bu~ in Lot 355. Loss: 

$200. 
1IDndIy, ApriI1S: 
t 1 a.m.: A studeri repoIIed the theft ot two wooden saJ1iXl6es from <r1 frtryw~ 

to the Grove GaIery. Loss $400. 
3 pm.: A 1986 ChIMt'AeI WatpI, a 1984 Toyota Tercel, a 1988 Toycta~, a 

1983 loyaa Qlda, and 1900 Vrm 740 GlE were damC9ld (some 
ttmql a '<brino olea) aIIer a 1974 Freigt1iner Tractor coIlict!d wit! 
them in Lot 300. 

3:25 p.m~ A studenI reported the theft ot a bicycle from the racks at8t.ikirIJ 520. 
Loss $350. 

725 p.m.: A studenI reported the tlJJft 01 the Irort tire and seat from a bicycle at 
the Thrd CoIege ECOI'OOlics aMng. Loss $t3O. 

Tunday, AprI 16: 
11:05 a.m.: A studerfs t988 Toyaa Forerumer was reported burglarized in La 

102. Loss $SO. , 
t 2:22 p.m.: A noo-aliale suffered a heart aIIad< at tIJJ Stiley Eye Cerder. The 

victim was ta\en to SaWs HosPtaI t7t paramedcs. 
6:20 p.m.: A studer! reported the burglary of a vehde in Lot 357. Loss $255. 

GUKRUIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, MallBglng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOlD, Associate Sports Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Associate Features Editor 
JAMES COWER, Design Editor 
GREG DIXON, Associate Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELHlA HAMILTON, AssocIlIts NrNs Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AaocIats NrNs Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Associate Arts Editor 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, AsM1c/ate Sports Editor 
CHRlsnNA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, Arts/Entertainment Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, AssocIate FlHltures Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Features Editor 

JENMFERYANCEY, Arl~n~lnmentE~tor 
_ 910ft w. ..... : 8I)W1 Ooas. Bran Itow. _ ~ 
5l1li_: Zachary ~. ?aU e.sh:!>. w .. 19r BdIs. Rachel ilIad<Iun. ~ Bnlnstton. 
GiNn ClvISly. ArrJy 0ai1<e. P ...... eoo ... Tammy ~. Rch Clopou..&nos o.ro.. _ 
Ea'nIsl. Alyssa Enlow. M:J"" GaytOn. owa GNIYeman. Re, Gtayner. Kelly Hal. S<non Hobbs. 
PhI ~otn. Grog Knauss. Amy K,..,... Jomy Ko. Joel Kuzm.." Dave LrIlorg. 0.... Lon. Ken 
Pm .... Jell P.unan. Trao PoweI. ~ ~. SnNlh SNda. Ene SdYnIdI. 00I.ll Shaldle. 
JIM sr.mm. St~ Stnon • .Iom SI8d<on. Jol StcdeI. Gregory W __ Wison. Cadin 
WOOdIhorpe. ShaIyI WotoU. Gregg Wrenn 

~s: Sm DrOWlgtl. CMsIila Hwa. Pa!Iy JeDo. Gai.Jo/Y1sa1. &..! ~ Il<w1 
1Ac00w0l. Atno Somt ~mas Uzgons. JennoI .. vam • 
_ : c.m lew. \.e91 1w11 Mc<:anaugl"ey. KaIy Roe . .lonIItIM Traynham. Helen T ... 
Marc~ 
_ AIoioIInIs: 0... GhIWY ........ .ilm .. Ingman 
TIIIiIb: MelIssa Fawi. All K~ Soao 0'Comil. 0.... Wynot Ccpy _ : Grog HIJIsul ... .ua PIIo1ay. _ PaioIay. _ Spnngo< 

~: Grace Clu.1<aIhe Goose .. 0.... Wyner 
TrIini1g 0ir0c10fs: Sel!1 SIaler. Dave Wjr« 
BOB DeANDREA, Busi". .. Manl/lJer 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Man8(JtN 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIa .. ffled R.", ... ntatlve 
_1IIng ~:5nony Ft~. TttriSclwlet. OougSl'a:ldlt.KnSIangt 
MvwtIIIng AIIiIIIoU: lMvIe 1IIiorGot. o.iII c..t. PIOb VJllldolid 
Cn:..loIion: DanoICaM JooLIO.1IortJ L.WI 

n.UCSDQ,W ... r>iOohod~1I1I1l\II>dIyIQ.mg"'_rut""It'CI"'hll.ldtrU 
o/u:so. ~of"~lnfl'llom\_~_"'pII1._,*",_II..a, 
~.O I991 . • ogtu_ n.UCSD_~""'_fot ... _o/_ ....... 
"':::=='~~~=.~~'="'=~...: 
a1tIy"r ~hnlt'CllQn.. ""lStnn' 

EcIitoriaI: 534~, ........ Ollie.: 5301-3466, Fax: 534·7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 The: UCSD G uardian 

EXCHANGE: Soviet leads news media class 
ContInued from page 1 
taneously into Ru sian. 

The two professors met in Mos-
cow at an international conference 
two years ago when Hallin was 
speaking on the topics of Soviet and 
American media images and cover-
age of the summit betweenAmeri-
can President Ronald Reagan and 
Soviet Pres ident Mikhail S. 
Oorbachev. 

According to Zassoursky. they 
"establi hed a relation hip" which 
led to an invitation for Hallin to 
come to Moscow. 

"Hi approach to the study of 
images seemed very interesting," 
Zassoursky aid. "So we invited 
him to lecture and we exchanged so 
that our students have different 
views - the Soviet view of the 
Soviet media and the American view 
of the American media. 

"In general, in our chool we are 
promoting this kind of intemation-
alization in ourteaching of joumal-
ism," he added. 

"It is now our policy to invite 
foreign lecturers," he said, citing 
two other American professors who 
are currently leaching at the jour-
nalism school. Recently. Zassoursky 
applied for aJld received pennission 
to eSlablish a monthly publication 
devoted to American li terature and 
culture. Titled "Niagara" to repre-
sent the immense nature of the cul-
ture,Zassoursky aid that themaga-
zine, printed in Ru sian, will in-
clude excerpts from American nov-
els and tories as well as crit iques of 
American movies and music. 

" It is a magazine which is sup-
posed to tell our public more about 
the vastness of American culture. 
Certainly it has its brillianl aspects 
and it has its very negative aspects. 
But we want. .. to represent all 
trends," he said, explaining that there 
are three kinds of culture: high cul-
ture, mid-culture, and the mass cul-
ture. 

According to Zassoursky, the 
magazine will print 50,000 copies 
in RussiaJl and sell for five rubles 

(the avemge family makes about 
250 rubles per m nth), which i 
ex pen ive for a Soviet publication 
(the average Soviet news paper costs 
IO 10 12 kopeks). 

Zas oursky said that he hopes to 
attract spon ors, including the So-
viet Writer ' Union, but the maga-
zine should be able to uppon it el f 
finanCially. He added that he al 0 
hoped that some of the American 
writers who would be receiving 
copyright royalties would accept 
payment in ruble ' . 

As dean of the school of joumal-
ism ince 1965,Zassoursky'sduties 
include teaching cour es on the hi -
tory of world media. the tructure of 

" We are trying to make 
[the curriculum] more 
pluralistic and diverse 

even though our system 
is limited. 

" YASSEN ZASSOURSKY 
dean of the School of 

Journalism, Moscow State 
University 

the media in the world. and Ameri -
can literature. He al 0 oversee the 
Foreign Pre s and Literature De-
partment and is re ponsible for di-
recting research, teaching, and the 
curriculum. 

"We are trying to promote bener 
standards of teaching," Za soursky 
said. "We are trying 10 make [the 
curriculum) more pluralistic aJld di-
verse even though our system is 

- limited." 
According to Zassoursky, many 

things have changed under 
perestroika, including more free-
dom in the media. 

"We were always teaching high 
ideals to ensure objectivity ,but when 

Calvin and Hobbes 

students came to the media, they 
found di fferent pract ices," he sa id. 

He also comment that now lU-
dent may practice more of what 
they have learned. 

"We are trying to teach our 
student by establishing our own 
media and having our student try-
ing ne\ methods," he said. 

The 'choolrecentlycstablished 
a new paper and a radio stati n, 
andZa oursk said he would like 
to add other media uch as a te levi-
ion tat ion and pos iblyan adver-

tising department. 
·'The tudent are gelling a new 

viewofthejoumalisti profession." 
Zassoursky said. 

Commenting on the difference 
between American and Soviet me-
dia, Zas oursky aid that the me-
dia is more of a pri vate industry in 
the United State . whereas in the 
Soviet Union the state contr Is 
mo t of the television and mdio 
programming. 

"Our newspapers aJld maga-
zine are more fragmented, [there 
isl not 0 much concentration,'· he 
added. 

Zas oursky mentioned during 
one of his c1as lectures that many 
Soviet families used to subscribe 
to as many as five papers. With 
rising production costs and u b 'e-
quent higher prices. many fanni-
lies are choosing ju l one paper, 
resulting in overall lowcr circula-
tion. 

Communication Profe o r 
Emeritus Herbert Schiller has 
known Zassoursky for 25 years 
after meeting him at various con-
ferences. 

"He's a well-known intema-
tional figure," Schiller said. "His 
school is the trai ning ground for 
Soviets who [want to go] into the 
media." 

Zassoursky retum to Moscow 
next week. In addition to teaching 
classes at UCSD, Zassour kyal 0 
gave lectures at UC Riverside and 
University of South e m Cali fornia 
last weekend. 

by Bill Watterson 

NEWS 3 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ • 

I 
I 

roM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

' Must prsent coupon and valid UCSO ID otllma of estimate. 
Not valid With maJor engine or transmission repairs I Jil7 f CALL CALIFORNIA 

I It- /450-94941 .!§~ I Vln
l

_ 

About Us; It They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE _________ _ __ mm _______ _ 

The Ultimate Cut! 
fjd /"/"0(/1(/ "I " /' ur( v' (I "'( "~/ '/'''''/ 

f I ' fi ll (,,/r,ll/IV t:' lf l rut ( ,/llIt Jlrl 
y"a~/v Itaa p" (04tr.) " I f,,, ltp' .1ltltm{, 

Men's Cuts .......... $4 OFF 
With Thi Ad Reg. $21.00 

Women's Cuts .... $5 OFF 
With Th i Ad Reg. $26.00 

WIth selected stvilsts 

"PRICES INCLUDE 
graphic cut, snampoo,conditioning 

and professional styling 

HAiR 
G~?FliCS 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Drive 

LOCB/ed 
m tile La Jolla Vtllage Shoppmg Center 

I 
I 



4 OPINION 

COMMENTARY 

Censoring 'Offensive' 
Opinions Will Only 
Cause More Problems 
By Jonathan Traynham 
Staff //Iustrator 

Let me tan off by leu ing everyone know I 
am not writing this because the Guardian 

a~ked me to. I rcfu ;.e to be used in that 
fa shion. I'm not Ihe Guardian 's house nigger, 
1001, or aUlh rity on race re lations. Everyone 
should know from my canoon that l refuse to 
sell out my beliefs fo r pOliti 31 gains, such as 
a chan 'e to be an ed itor nex t year. 

I ' 01 not g IOglO ay that Ihe Student 
Affinnative Action Committee ( AAC) 
doesn't have legitimate beef!> with Guardia/l 
coverage either. But no, the Guardian i not 
very conservati ve or insen itive - the writer ' 
of many commentaries are. The way to 

hange thi b n't to censor these writer' s 
views. because stifling their voice only 
wor ens the problem. 

The controversial views will still be there, 
we just won't hear Ihem or even know of 
Ihem. We need to challenge the e views. 
Draw a canoon or write a commentary - u e 
the paper as a forum. 

Newspapers are our friends. not our 
enemies. Use them to our advantage by 
confronting the is!>ucs. In hon, write for the 
Guardian. It 's too easy to si t al home, read the 
paper, and get offended. The Opinion seclion 
i made up of opinions, and many times 
opinions arc insensitive. 

If the opinion in my cart narc offen-
ive ... so what? Where were all these offended 

SAA members - as well as the re I of the 
people of color - when I was in the hot seat 
with the Jewi h community? 

I received not one letter in suppon 01 the 
canoon attacking the very per on who was 
attacked during the mlly n Tuesday. Zachary 
Bennan i re 'pon ible for the ommentary on 

race -ba~ed scholarship. and my canoon was 
in reference to his commentary dealing with 
bla ks and the military. 

That commentary was never printed; 
however, SAAC wa aware of it, and Victor 
Nieblas mentioned it at the rally. 

I never thought I would ever have to write 
anything in suppon of Zachary Bemlan, but 
here goes: The blacks-in-the-military com-
mentary in particular, as well as any other 
commentary he write , mu t be printed, no 
matter how offensive. racist, or warped it may 
be, 

Why? Becau e to not do so would be 
censorship. And it would be unproductive 
because his views, as well as his fans, will 
continue elsewhere unopposed. Most impor-
tantly, if he goes. I'll be forced out next. After 
me, maybe the Opinion section will go, then 
the whole newspaper. Soon we'\1 h,we a 
campus paper that will read like the Price 
Center u tter. devoid of anything worth 
reading. 

Educate the people who are ignorant and 
in ensit ive. Write for the Guardian. It' s a 
good job, you get paid, and the people are nOI 
all Zachary Bennan clones. 

In facl. a lot of the people here don't agree 
with him. A lot of people here are not even 
right-wingers. I under tand that racial issue 
(and that 's what this is) make people angry. 
Hell, I write cartoons about it every week , but 
ome of SAAC's argument are misdirected. 

AI 0 , bitching about typo and microphone 
ize are trivial. Wars are being fought. 

motorist are being beaten, riOts are happen-
ing, and people are choosi ng ·ides. There are 
more wonhwhile Ihings to rally behind, and 
the Guardian will help u . 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

THE BEST OF STEVE BENSON 

fl 'r filE MIERICMS 
Y\ ' T rtt P S MILl1ARI Y. 
'OW ~Hi:Y'R£ HITTlf(i \J6 
~Il C; tJAAT ~ E ~ 

.' 
. , 

, 

, .-

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

- , 

. . 
,,',a.., 
~ .... 
• ",j " :.,. 

-".-.~ 

~~'OJR 
LlVE9 

IT'S 
KITTY KELlt~! 
_ !J 

j 

Thunday, April 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

A.S. Should Continue to Fight for Change 
Editor: 

After reading about the resigna-
rion ofVP Exlernal Molly McKay. 
the "discipline" of Matt Schnurer, 
and after reading the Guardian edi-
torial, "One Frustration After An-
other," I feel compelled to take pen 
in hand once again and offer a few 
comments about the "UCSD expe-
rience" as I see it at the close of my 
tenure here as a student. I have 
worked with the AS. council for the 
past three years, first as student ad-
vocate, and then as "issue coordina-
tor" for that office. I had no desire to 
try to become A.S. president, and 
felt Ihat the opportunity hould be 
open for olher sludents to become 
student advocate. I felt Ihat I could 
use my valuable experience to help 
individual students with theirprob-
lems, so I maintained my nol-50-
exalted position assisting in the Stu-
dent Advocale office. 

I have observed both Molly and 
Matt closely in their work. TIley 
were two of the hardest working 
people I can remember who served 
UCSD studems vn Uw cOllncil. 
Molly, please forgive me for ad-
dressing Matt's current problem 
fust. Commissioner of Program-
ming is a quite visible, but thankless 
job. Simply put, the job should only 
be viewed as institutionalized sla-
very or prostitution for those who 
still believe in sacrifice as a rite of 
passage. The fact that the students 
ofUCSD were fortunate enough to 
have the privilege of having some-
one such as Matt offer himself up 
fornotjustoneyear,butthree,should 
make us feel ashamed of the action 
taken by Mr. Tucker against him. 

Back when the A.S. offices were 
first moved to the Price Center, I 
complained about the lack of 24 
hour access to the offices. I felt that, 
if students paid for the place, we as 
their representatives should be able 
to set access policy for ourselves. If 
Matt's only crime was his need for 
a snooze once in a while, the humili-
ation served upon him by Mr. Tucker 
- who gets paid rather handsomely 
to frustrate student concerns - was 
unnecessary, excessive, and at best 
reflected poor judgement. 

The matter of Molly'S resigna-
tion is not as easily resolved. Matt's 
problem made me angry, Molly's 
resignation saddened me. The sav-
ing grace of the editorial in the 
Guardian (remember the Guard-
ian? They used to print a lot of 
student letters and cover A.S. meet-
ings in more detail) was the state-
ment "McKay should not be re-
membered as a quitter. She may 
have withdrawn from the battle, but 
she has not given up the fight." I 
believe that Molly knows, or will 

eventually realize, that the call she 
felt to stand up and fight could not 
ultimately be frustrated by the very 
human need for uccess , approval, 
or acknowiedgment we all desire. 
The fact that most UCSD students 
are not. willing to take a stand on 
is ues that affect them a students 
iIIuslrates the need for individuals 
such as Molly who are willing to do 
their fighting for them. 

What Molly did not talk about in 
her letter of resignation was the fact 
that the AS. council is often its own 
worst enemy. Earlier this academic 
year I watched as MoUy gave an 
exhaustively prepared presentation 
to the council concerning possible 
violations of student rights urround-
ing the RIMAC issue. A resolution 
was repeatedly put off and eventu-
ally diluted to the point of impo-
tence by - however well meaning 
- A.S. council members who were 
far less informed about the issue 
than Molly was. It is amazing how 
often these members take up space 
on the council and frustrate the needs 
of those who do all the work. 

"If the members of next year's 
AS. council really think they can 
change the system, then they will be 
nothing more than a group of disap-
pointed individuals." Now that is a 
quote for you. I suspect that Molly 
would nor have approved of this 
conclusion. The trouble with being 
an idealist in this world is having to 
deal with individuals who are some-
what less than idealistic. Pragma-
tism is a poor substitute for coUege 
living. The "UCSD experience" is 
fraught with it. Classwork often 
leaves little time for reflection. Stu-
dents are pigeonholed into degree 
programs which leave little room 
for individual crealivity. Like so 
many cattle, they are herded through 
their college years, and given a good 
swift kick into the world at gradua-
tion. Every year there are the sui-
cides; those poor individuals who 
were not able to see beyond their 
present lives and somehow felt that 
they had failed at their only chance 
at life. 1bere was one recently. I 
often have thought that the AS. 
should somehow shoulder these in-
dividuals and work to develop pro-
grams to help them. 

My advice, rather, to upcoming 
council members is this: If you have 

no desire to "change the sy tem," if 
you are content with things as Ihey 
are, please do all of us - including 
yourself- a favor, and do not serve 
on AS. council next year. Better 
yel, be an idealist. Dream a dream 
and work your hardest to realize that 
dream; and help someone on the 
way to realize theirs. If you do not 
do so now, you may someday regret 
that you did not. Molly McKay is 
only taking a well deserved vaca-
tion. 

Bard-Alan Finlan 

Reader Upset 
With Pulling of 
'Recoil' Column 
Editor: 

During the last week of winter 
quarter, Zachary Bennan's column 
wa cheduled to appear on Thurs-
day ralher than in its u ual Monday 
spor. ] was disappointed 10 find it 
was not run. I was disgusted , how-
ever, when I discovered why 

Evidenrly the Guardiall has been 
under pressure from certain liberdl 
group on campu who do not agree 
with Mr. Bennan'sopinion- pres-
ure to cancel "Recoil." The threats 

were allegedly to boycott the 
Guardian' adverti ers and spon-
sors. The Guardian, howing its 
usual strength of character, buckled 
under to these threats. Mr. Bennan' s 
column was found "too controver-
sial" to be prinled. Big mistake. 

Whether or nol I agree with the 
opinions expressed in "Recoil ," r 
always enjoy reading it, and I am 
deeply offended that because cer-
tain individuals do not, they seek 10 
prevent me from dOing so. If you do 
not enjoy reading the column, you 
are under no obligation to do so. If 
you do read it butdo not agree, write 
to the editor as others already have, 
but respect the re t of us and our 
right to read what we wish. That's 
what our First Amendment rights 
are all about. Rather than robbing its 
readers of the pleasure of reading 
"Recoil," the editorial board could 
have appeased the hostile groups 
with equal space to promote their 
views. The opposite opinion would 
only make the editorial section stron-
ger. The editorial board made a grave 
error in censoring, for political rea-
sons, the only column in the Guard- . 
ian capable of eliciting intelligent, 
spirited responses. More decisions 
along these lines and the Guardian 
will have less credibility as a serious 
news source than the National 
Enquirer. 

Terasa Lyn Perkins 

The UCSD GUllrdilln welcomes your letters and commentaries. Drop 
your letter at the GUllrdil1n offices (on the second floor of the Student 
Center, above the General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GUllrdilln 

B-OI6, UCSD 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and must include II signllture 
lind II phone number. Unsigned letters will not be printed_ We reserve the 
right to edit for length and clarity_ The views expressed in graphics and 
signed letters or commentaries do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD GUllrdilln, the University of California, or the 
Associated Students. The GUllrdilln is funded solely by advertising. 

OPINION 5 

the General Store 
CO-OP 
Is celebrating by having 

10% off* 
• recycled paper products (Including 

Strathmore drawing pads and Earth Care 
cards) 

• environmental T-shirts 
THINK GLOBALLY, ACT LOCALLY! 

YE S 
A IJ.~~EAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg.$:!) 
Men $14 (reg . $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

·valld onty on 4/19/91 

$50 Perlll & HairCLII or Higlilighr & HairclII 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste_ 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PL EAse CA I .L 

TALENT SEARCH! 
Former telecommunications firm 
president seeks repslmanagersl 
executives for new venture to 
introduce patented, unique con-
sumer products in major U.S. cit-
ies. It took the cellular phone 
industry 3 YEARS to sell 1 million 
phones .. . WEWILLSELL 1 MIL· 
LION??? IN THE FIRST YEAR!! 
Dynamic $50+ billion industry. 
Degree not required , but pre· 
ferred. Earnings based upon 
effort Reps $2S·$60K, Manag-
ers $4S·$12SK. Training pro· 
vided. Can do attitude required 
for the "spotlight." 

NNI 
AnN: Talent Search 

6305 Lusk Blvd. 
San DIego, CA 92121 

(619) 689-8600 

Z~b((Q 
Copy 

I Unlimited I 
: Cioples : 
I I 

: 3.5'~ : 
I I I 8.5 x 11- 20' ui'lite I 
I outofeed or self serve I 
I with this c<:x.pOO I expires 5131191 

4 ' SD (1 -' ,ts P "h r" "ll 
, I J ,Ik, CR 0203 7 

457-1007 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*Includes: CL exam, care kil, myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, Parapenn, 

(Offer expires 4fJ019l) 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 

• rrl'W.' •• IIO~~ a,.r·WIC:. 
• Qua .. ty Ey.car. 
• R.a.onabl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 



6 SCmNCE The UCSD Guardian Th~y,ApriI 18,1991 

• 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

EARTHQUAKES: UCSD scientists look at ways to strengthen structures 
Continued from page 6 
create inertial force through their 
manipulation, he said And teslS have 
hown thar structure pummeled by 

the actuators react a they would in 
an actual quake. 

The student , faculty, and taff 
in the lab work in an atmo phere of 
scanered steel and cement object 
that mimics a construction zone. 

Hole can be opened every few 
feel in the floor and along the reac-
tion wal l so that experimental struc-
tures and actuators an be ecured. 

Even the reaction wall is not a 
simple as it looks. Within it, large 
steel cables maintain an intemaI pres-
ure of 1,000 pound per square 

inch so that no experimental forces 
will crack it. A staircase leading up 
the wall provides acce to all five 
storie. 

The lab has its own power station 
and, beneath the work floor, there is 
an alternate power source. 

Next year, at least 10 actuators 
and 1,000 probes will be anached to 
a full-scale cement-brick building 
as part of a structural research project 
involving UCSD and a lab in Skuba 
City, Japan. 

While the main purpose of the 
experiments is to better predict how 
structures collapse and how to bet-
ter keep them intact, the scientists 

DANCE 

don 't just break building apart . 
a result of experiment carried out 
in UCSD's Jab, they develop de-
igns that can help prevent stru tur-

al failure and di a ters in the fu-
ture. 

h lmo t everything we do out 
there has an immediate impact," 
explained Greg King ley, a grJdu-
ate tudent in the lab. 

vertical and horizontal beams that 
make up their con truction, 

When the ground start to hake, 
the bridges swing strongly at the 
joint between the beams. 

If too few horizontal pieces of 

era structure, as T walked along, r 
saw the initiation of a failure e-
quence imilar to that at the [now-
destroyed] Cypress stru ture." He-
gemier aid. "Thi structure wa 
very clo e to collapse," 

Hegemier said that Priestly and 
eibel have developed teel casings 

to "retrofit," or reinforce, existing 
bridge structure, 

Their steel casi ngs, which sur-
round thcexisting freeway olumns, 
are already in use on orne an 

ccord ing to Kingsley. 
much of the work on freeway 
bridges, supported mainly by 
the California Transit Author-
ity (Cal Tran ), is currently 
devoted to improving the re-
sistance of freeway to 

......" ........ ,'- Francisco freeways. 

quakes and aging. 
California' freeway that 

were built in the 1950s are par- ....... _ ... 
ticularly dangerous during earth-
quake . Both the Cypre tructure 
in Oakland which collapsed and the 
nearly-fallen Embarcadero Freeway 
in San Franci co were both built in 
that era. 

UCSD professors Nigel Priestly 
and Frieder Seibel are researching 
theeffeclS of quakes on simiJarfree-
way structures. Many of their ex-
perimenlS are conducted on a "shake 
table," a small platform that create 
quake-like ground motion. 

The main problem with freeway 
structures lies in the intersection of 

steel run through the 
cement, during a quake, 
thecement flow andchip from the 
structure instead of staying locked 
within a steel net. Vertical steel 
beams alone cannot upport the 
weakened freeway, so it buck.les 
under the pressure and snaps. 

The cracked structures in the lab 
eeri ly echo images of Cypre s and 
Embarcadero freeway structures, 

"At the [now-closed] Embarcad-

The two professors are also 
working on cheaper and more 
vcr atile fibergla c(1sings 
which will h pefully prevent 
fu ture col lap e . 

Hegemierpointedout that 
freeway damage in San Fran-

ciscooccurred 70 mile fromthe 
quake epicenter. 

" If it was within \0 miles, we'd 
still be working," he aid."Thetrick 
is in trying to fix [problem ] before 
these types of things happen," 

Although " the same things hap-
pen [in the lab] that happen on any 
construction site." according to 
Kingsley , most of their problems 
are worked out with equations and 
theory. 

A field oflights in the computer 
room conveys the dual atmosphere 

minor due to required choreography courses. 

of the lab- part high-tech re earch 
facility, part construction ite. The 
actual lab work is to test how well 
theory corre. ponds to structural re-
ality, 

Those i :wol ved with the lab work 
mainly on computations. Kingsley 
said thmonatypicalday, "We might 
be work.ing here developing ,malyt-
ical models or working on computer 
programs on how structures be-
have," 

Many computations that will be 
teo ted in the lab are worked out on 
UCSO's upercomputer. 

Experiments, King ley said, are 
"a matter of plotting data points so 
you can tate yourconclusion with 
good, solid evidence," 

Here. everything i useful or will 
be omeday. According to Hege-
mier, one freeway bridge wa first 
tested in the laboratory, Later, it 
was crushed on top of cars to help 
rescue worker practice their job. 
Finally, the structure was demol-
ished and recycled as a new road 
bed. 

IGngsley admitted that the mo t 
exciting part of his work involves 
the actual experiments. Often, struc-
ture react in an unexpected way. 

"If there weren't ever any sur-
prises, we wouldn't have much ofa 
reason to exist," he aid. 

Continued from page 1 
every quarter throughout enrollment as a dance 
minor. 

said ''It now has the full range from the begin-
ning level all the way intoproductionand perfor-
mance. which is going to be a bener program for 
all." 

One main focus is to ensure that what tu-
denlS enjoyed in past classes will remain intact. 

'The movement classes are still going to be 

"ClJoreographycoursesareOOl asoverwhelm-
ing as people believe them to be," said Rincon, 

"All tudenlS will need lodo is get in there and 
try, and experiment," explained Marshall. GUARDIAN 

The classes will be taken on a lener-grade 
basis, though non-minors can take courses on a 
PassINot Pass basis. 

The movement classes will be labeled differ-
enlly, Previous levels had been denoted as Be-
ginning, Advanced Beginning, Interrnediareand 
Advanced. The corresponding skill levels will 
now be titled Beginning, Intermediate, Advanced 
I and Advanced IT, respectively. 

"[ don't like the idea of getting grades for 
dance," said sophomore dance studentAdrienne 
Shimonishi, 'T d feell wasn't dancing because I 
loved dance, [but] for the grade." 

"I think the minor's a great idea," said dance 
instructor Kristin Kuerbis-Arcidiacono. " I think 
it'sabouttimethatthe tudenlSwhohaveworked 
so hard, some for many years, in the perfor-
mances and various classes, get the credit for it 
that they deserve." 

"I. .. think it's about time there was recogni-
tion," Marshall said ' 'The program deserves to 
move in this academic direction." 

Although the dance progr&n is changing. the 
coordinators stress that the program will still be 
accessible to studenlS of all activity levels who 
wish to take dance classes. 

"It' snotadifferent kind of program, "Rincon 

" I think it's about time that the 
students who have worked so 

hard, some for many years ... get 
the credit for it that they deserve, 

" KRISTIN KUERBI5-
ARCIDIACONO 
dance instructor 

the same approach we've had - the studenlS 
will just be getting the credit. It 's the same, buta 
little more embellished," Marshall explained, 

StudenlSneed not be dance minors to take the 
classes, but some courses, such as some upper-
division lecture classes, will give priority to 
minors. 

The dance coordinators also said they hoped 
studenlS would not be scared away from the 

However, tudents committed to dance will 
now be able to receive more credit hours and 
academic recognition for their work. 

'Those that are really talented, and we have 
01101, that put ina lot of extra timeoulSideofclass 
into our tudent productions, don't have thm 
anywhere on their [transcript]," Marshall said. 
"It just say that they took a P.E. class for half a 
unit. or a choreography class for half a unit, a 
class which deserves fourwulS," Marshall aid. 

Previou Iy, many tudenlS had also been 
involved as interns r apprentices in various 
professional d:lJ1ce companie . 

Forexample, student Alysa Vanderzanden is 
an apprentice for Jazz Unlimited, a company for 
which Patricia Rincon is the artistic director. 

"Now [there will be] a clas for two to eight 
unilS, if approved, for interning," said Marshall. 

The dance coordinators said that student 
feedback has been optimistic. 

"It's been great. Many are realJy excited that 
they are finally going to get credit for the work 
they've put in," said Rincon. 

Until new buildings and dance rooms are 
built for the Theater Department, the dance 
faculty will still be housed in the P.E, Depart-
ment. 

C ATCH THE WAVE. 

MONDAYS. THuRsDAYS. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 18, 1991 

PROTEST 
Continued from page 1 
lOon. 

"It is appalling to open a campus newspaper 
in 1991 in an institution of higher learning and 
fmel this ftIth and piece of excrement better 
known os 'shit: I called it • hit' because that' 
what it i ," he said. 

ieblos wasjoined by Felipe Rangel, chairof 
the ChicanolLatino Staff Association who 
claimed that the new paper has shown arr0-
gance and tupidity in its coverage of people of 
color. 

'1lJe Guardiall has some power on this 
campus ... yet like all people with some power, 
it has lillIe respect for others," he said "When 
theyprintcan ns Iikethm they show norespcct. 
When they claim there is no other way to portray 
(Mexican farm woIkers I they show no respect." 

AlthoughMEChAandthccampus'Chipno/ 

Latino population had the most problems with 
the Guarclian, a number of other organizations 
also expressed their displeasure with the news-
paper. 

Maya Cameron, a member of the African-
American Student Union expressed her outtage 
at a commentary by Zachary Berman (January 
7, J 991) in which he said blacks were among 
America' "Ieast uccessful mces.·' 

"Know your history," he told onlookers. 
"Don't let anyone teU you who you are and what 
you are made of." 

Debbie Montecinoofthe Wornen'sResource 
Cemer, and Tony Valenzuela of the Lesbian, 
Gay, and Bisexual Association al expressed 
thcirconcem with the new paper' slack of aware-
ness about their parti ular constituenci _ Spe-
cific-ally, the questioned what they saw as per-
penJating the subordination of women and ig-
noring all homosexual and bisexual i ues on 
campus. 

A majority of the views expressed at the rally 
had been discussed last Friday at a forum be-
tween SAAC reprcsau.arives and the Guardian 
Executive Board. 

At the forum, GuardimJ editors acknowl-
edged that there were times when they had 
lacked awareness intheirreponing,and said they 
would tty to prevent oversights in the future. At 
the same time, however, the editors argued that 
corrunentaries were the views of individuals and 
said that opposing letters and commentaries 
were encouraged. 

SAAC Director Anthony Jemison explained 
that the purpose of the rail y was not to vilify the 
GUfJrdian but to raise the level of awareness of 
the campus as a whole. 

'1lJe bottom line for SAAC i that there i a 
much more impooant mi ion for the rally [than 
imply to vilify the Guardiall] and that is to 

provide education for the entire campus," he 
said. 

WEDNESDAY 'S A.S. MEETING 
IN BRIEF 

Appointment: 
Siamak Malek, as vice president external 

Allocations: 
• $1,000 to the Theater Club for nder-

graduateAnsFe tivalpo terfromGen-
eral Unallocated 

• $595.17 to the Volunteer Connection 
for T-shirts during National Volunteer 
Week, April 21-27, from General Un-
allocated 

• $450 to MEChA for the annual Chica-
no/Latino graduation ceremony from 
Genera! Unallocated 

• $219 underwrite to MEChA forChica-
no/Latino Scholarship dinner, May 4, 
1991, from General Unallocated 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program. 
Now students can get the Card 
and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 
Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 
There's only one way to cover a lot of territory without spending 
a lot of money. And that' by getting the American Expres *Card. 
It' the only card that offers an eXciting new travel program 
exclusively for students- including three roundtrip certificates on 
Continental Airline . 

Ju t look at the map and pick the place youtl like 
to vi it. If it's on your ide of the Mi i ippi River, you 
can use a certificate lO fly for only '129 roundtrip. Or, 
you can cross the Mississippi for $189 roundtrip. 

48 contiguous states. And you can fly almost anytime-because 
there are no blackout dates. But you must make your reservations 
within 14 days of the day you leave. And the maximum stay is 
7 days/6 nights and must include a Saturday night. 

In addition to this great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 
the benefits of Card member hip as well as other exclusive student 
privileges. They include a quarterly magazine filled with informa-
tive articles on summer jobs, careers, campus life. Plus valuable 
discounts from leading retailers. 

But remember, there's only one way to get all this- and that's 
by getting the American Express card. Just call us (have your bank 

address and account number on hand). What's more, 
W$C~~ \ with our special student offer, it's easier to get the 

!t card now while you're still in school than it may 
ever be again 

You have your pick of more than 150 cities in the 
I So get the Card. And get ready to cover new 
::,;;;,.~"'-_....,...~::.. __ territory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 
Membership Has lis Privileges· 

CALL 1-800-942-AMEX 
I/you're already a Cardmembl!T, there! 110 IIeed 10 call ',/formalloll about your cer,ijicale will be arrf!'il//J SOOI/. • CClN'Tw.NTAL 

• 

FEATURES 
Thursday, April 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

Marc UptergrovelGuardiall 

• Some patients in psychiatric wards were 'agitated' and 'really crazy' - until war broke out 
By Lara Heisler 
Senior Staff Writer 

CSD tudent Marie 
Crepeau sat in front of 
her television set last 
January and watched the 
news about the war. As 
she gazed at images of 
beaten P.O.W.s and lis-
tened to political double-
speak, she began to feel 
depressed. Her head 
started to throb pain-
fully. When she tried to 
do her homework, she 

wa unable to concentrate. She fought a 
'udden urge to call her parents- justto see 
how they were doing. She broke out into a 
sweat, and she had .that nervous feeling in 
the pit of hers to mach that she always seemed 
to get just after turning in a test that she knew 
she had failed. She tried to go to sleep, but 
she was haunted by the sights and sounds 
that the TV news had fed her earlier. Night-
mares plagued her. 

Crepeau thought she was losing her mind. 
But, according to Joan Danford, an occupa-
tional therapi t for the mental health unit at 
the Veterans Administration (VA) Hospital 
in San Diego, Crepeau's reaction to news 
about the war was painfully typical. 

"Everyone felt bad about the war. I know 
I felt horrible. We all did. Our own nonnal 
routines got disrupted, and we lost sleep. We 
became ruminative, preoccupied, paranoid 
- and we are the 'nonnal' population," 
Danford said . 

In a time of war, some 'nonnal' people 
start acting crazy. But some 'crazy' people 
start acting nonnal as well. By examining 
how war affects the 'insane' -whostruggle 

INSIDE THE 
CDCI(OO'S 

on a daily basis with internal wars - we can 
understand just how far-reaching and deeply 
stabbing news about war is for everyone. 

During the month of January, the over-
whelming majority of America's 'nonnal' 
population tuned in to the TV to watch news 
about the war. President Bush drew the 
largest TV audience in U.S. history with his 
address to the nation at the beginning of the 
Gulf War - according to Nielsen ratings, 
78.8% of the 93.1 million U.S. households 
with televisions tuned in to ABC, CBS, or 
NBC to watch Bush speak. 

'Normal' people weren't the only ones 
who were fixated on the war. At East Bay 
Hospital, an acute care psychiatric facility 
in the San Francisco Bay Area, 90 percent of 
patients polled reponed that they followed 
the television news regarding the war. Ac-
cording to the staff, the patients responded 
to the news with an attention that would 

previou ly have been unfathomable. 
"On the closed unit. on the day w4lr broke 

out, the feeling was one of fear and anxiety. 
Everyone was glued to the TV. Patients sat 
there quietly and watched. And they took in 
the information at whatever level they were 
capable of. But, that they were so quiet and 
attentive is remarkable. The patients on that 
unit are usually so loose, disorganized, and 
agitated - really crazy. But, on that first 
day, everyone was so quiet. They wouldn't 
move from that TV. They reacted how ev-
eryone else reacted," recalled mental health 
counselor Louis Gonzales. 

Mark Justice, another counselor who was 
working at the hospital the day war broke 
out observed that "when everyone was 
watching, a lot of the patients were asking 
basicquestions,just like everyone else. They 
wondered why Israel was involved. When 
watching the news, they really tuned in to 

reali ty. People got exc ited - it was like a 
foot ball game. 'Oh yeah. we ' re winning; 
they would shout at the TV after watch ing 
the news. The wariOo},. everyone from bei ng 
self-absorbed. and it gave the pati ents a 
focus. [tstopped them from being unfocused 
and agitated - and bored." 

East Bay Hospital has a weekly current-
events group, which b run by occupational 
therapist Van Ortega. lie explained how the 
group works. 

"I go around the room and a. k everyone 
what their main interest 111 the news i . I 
always start. so I would say ~oll1elhing like 
'My name is Van and I'm interested in 
what's going on in the gulf.' In most groups. 
patients request to hear about their horo-
scopes, or about some celebrity - or just 
something weird." Ortega said. 

When Ortega held his current-events 
group on the day after war broke out. he was 
surprised by the patients ' reactions. 

"It was the best group I ever had," Ortega 
said. "It was quite amazing, but the ini tial 
reaction on the ;:::.rt of the psychotics was 
pretty reality-based. I remember having to 
explain why the U.S. did what they did, and 
I tried to explain why Saddam Hus ein may 
have done what he did. They asked some 
pretty good questions. How much they un-
derstood - who knows? But they were all 
trying to explain thing 10 each other. There 
was a lot of discussion. During that first 
group all we did was talk about the war. No 
horoscopes. And I did very little." 

Does it take something as crazy as a war 
to inspire sanity in the mind of a psychotic 
patient? Apparently, in the face of a world-
wide illness, the illness of the individual is 
able to take a back- eat. 

See CUCKOO, Page 10 



10 FEATURES 

CUCKOO 
Continued from page 9 

"A lot of patients. even if they 
were crazy, had omething relevant 
to ay. It was like, thi news was 
bigger than what was going on 
in ide their heads - it brought 
them out ide of them elves. It 
seems like when they had some-
thing outside of themselve to re-
spond to, thcy rcally interacted. 
They all had something to talk 
about."explainedDarienCook on. 
a regi stered nurse in the p ychia t-
ric ward at San Diego' VA ho pi-
tal. 

During the early weeks the Gul f 
War, talk, speculation , and debate 
about the war was thetilndard 
pon of the elllire population -

and not only in ho pital . People 
everywhere wanted to vent their 
feelings on politics. 

A U SD studelll Monique 
Vaillancon pointed ou t. "It was 
like everyone you met wa oopen 
and willing to talk about the war -
everybody was so upset that 
whether you were in c lassor in line 
at the supermarket. someone you 
didn't know would just stan talk-
ing to you about the war, and a k 
your opi nion . It was kind of nice 
- to bad it takes a war to make 
peoplc break thc 'don ' t ta lk to 
~trangers' rule." 

While peoplc on the outsidc 
were finding it easier to have unin-
hibitcd conversations with trang-
er , patients in~ide the hospitals 
were finding it easier to have real -

ity -ba~ed conversations with the 
staff. 

"Thestaffwus talkinga lot about 
the war." Cookson aid. "The pa-
tients would pick up on it , and in a 
way, I think it was really good for 
them. I mean. usually the staff 
would be talking about a picnic or 
a football game that they went t . 
which is not e.\actly something a 
patient who is on a locked unit can 
relate to . .. but when ~ e were talk-
ing about the war, well, at a VA 
hospi tal. a 101 of the patient have 
e perience with war. It wa~ help-
ful to them to communicate with 
us about it. becau~e it is ~ul11ething 
that they really kno\~ about." 

ot only were patient~ ~urpri~­
ingly verbal in thl! aftennath of the 
war. but the h ~pital ~taff was 
dallied b~ their ability to empJ-
thi l e and analyze the cffect\ oftht: 

war. 

"On the Open Unit , when they 
announced the war, there wa~ one 
nurse on duty who e husband was 
over there, and he staned to cry. 
Well , when she did that, all of the 
patients just ga thered quie tl y 
around the TV and watched," 
Cook on recalled. 

Danford. who runs a daily 
group wi th World War II veteran 
who ~uffer from alcohol -inflicted 
dementia and schizophrenia, dib-
cussed her impression of the way 
thcse patients reacted to the war. 

" It was 0 intere ting to talk to 
them," she said. " . expected to 
hear a lot of patriotism - I thought 
they'd be totally gung ho, becau e 
World War II vet arc like that ... 
but instead. the gr up looked at it 
from a personal standpoint. It wa 
painful for them, many had been 
shot down, or injured. or had their 
first psychotic break during the 
war, 0 when they watched the 
new , there was a kind of pe si-
mism. They were aying things 
like, ' We shouldn't be there,' and 
' Human life is 0 valuable.' They 
were surpri ingly lucid. [ couldn't 
believe it. I was expecting hardly 
any re -pon e. They are u ually a 
low energy group - they don't 
even get dre sed - but, on thi s 
topi , t hey rcall y ~nappcd up. 

"They were amaz;ing. One thing 
that really caught mc off-guard 
was the way the pmi ents were cri ti -
cal of the rep ners \ hile the 
watched the ncw~. They were so 
frustrated by the rep ners. When 
the anchors would ask forstatis tics 
orOlherclassified infonnation. the 
pat iellls would gct rcall y up ct. 
Thc vets knew and wcre comfort -
able with the idea f't p sec ret .' 
Thcre was one reponer, l forget his 
name ... but they were very angry 
with him and kcpt talking about 
how awful he was in group Idi '-
cus ions)." 

Perhaps the psychiatri ward's 
re pons.e refkcted the 'cntiment~ 
of the general population. 
received over 55. letters from 
viewers. 60 per ent of whom cri ti -
cized the ~ltltion for' ' iding with 
thc cncmy ' by asking unan wer-
able question, . Additionally, a 
Times/Mirror survey indicated that 
57 perccnt of pcopk polled be-
lieved that the Pentagon ~hould 
cxcr1 m re stringent control over 
war coverage. 

For A 
Good Time 

Toni ht, Stare 
At he Wall. 
l A M PRE 

PINK FLOYD'S THE WALL 
'nli~ a\\'e~oll1c I.I~l'r- light :>ho\\' ( oll1hinl':> your b voritt: Pink 
Floru Cllt~ from "71IL' ll'{i/i" Wilil kryrton and argon b~l'r~ . 
Allunckr th ' dOIl1l' .11 till' Sr.tn: REUBEN H. FLEET 
111("lll'r. CIII 2,3H- I ]( , for ~ho\\'- 51 -.~ ....... 
tlllIl':>. Thl'l1 ~l(lp by B.llho.1 P,lrk JU 
totllght. It'll he \\ ,Ill to \\ .111 fU ll . TMEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 
2{I 'o J)~\"CI 1//l l f \\ 1111 ,'ll/d('l lf If) )lKGa FM 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dr. Harvey Wid roe, a candi-
date for director of mental health 
for the tate of California, would 
not acknowledge any connection 
between news about the war and 
changes in the behavior of a p y-
chiatric pat ient. 

Widroe assen ed that "the war 
cau es no difference in acuity or in 
frequen y of psychotic episodes. 
When the topic of war come up, 
patients do focu upon it as it be-
come the content of the sickne 5 
which they have already." 

While he says that what i go-
ing on in the out ide world can 
become incorporated into the de-
lusions or illnesses patients already 
have. he doe not believe that the 
udden 'Iu idity' reponed by the 

counselor and oc upational thera-
pists have ,IllY real -ignificance. If 
anything. Widroe views the war as 
having had a negative effect upon 
hi s patients, rather than a positive 
one. 

Widroe cited as an example the 
behavior of one of his patients. 

"This patient. a 33-year-old 
white male paranoid schizophrenic 
with a history of violence topped 
taking hi medications about one 
month prior to hi admission. For 
about a week prior to his admi -
sion , he had been glued to the tele-
vision. watching news coverage of 
the war. Somehow, he had man-
aged to acq uire camouflage cloth-
ing - he was waiting for Bush 10 
give him hi personal call, through 
the television - to 'go to the gulf 
to kill people' a pan of the war 
effon. 

"Obviou Jy, he never got the 
call, but he ~taned getting vio lent 
anyway. so the police brought him 

-ROU NDTRIPS!-
NYC/D.C. /BOS from $303 
LONDON 'rom $520 
TOKYO from S560 
SYDNEY from $929 
AMSTERDAM from $598 
PARfS from $735 
COSTA RICA from $498 
fRANKFURT from $ti69 
COPENHAGEN from $130 
BAU .from $910 
- USSR PACKAGlS 
- EURAtL PA$$ES II$Ie CARDS 
• IStS TRAllfL INSURANCE 
• ADVICE FROM EXPERTS 

5131 COLLEGE AVE. liB 
SAN DIEGO. CA n11S 

1-800-777-0112 
619-286-1322 

~j 
STA TRAVEL 

•• .,. ' ~ ~ I, ~ ...; ,', .; i'\, ' ': . t 

Mlrrc Uptergrove/Guardian 
to us. So, while the i sue of war led 
him to buying the camouflage 
clothing and to hi waiting for the 
call ei ther through the television or 
hallucinations. he already had a 
sickness which was intensifying as 
a result of hi medical non-compli-
ance," Widroe said. 

According to Danford, "There 
were many people who were ho -
pilalized becau e they were 0 in-
vol ved with watching TV that their 
own is ues were re-triggered. Quite 
a few people came in with the 
complaint that they were becom-
ing increasingly upset, and memo-
rie of their experience kept com-
ing back. Watching the new could 
work a a trigger for PTSD." 

PTSD, or Post-Traumatic Stress 
Di order, i the term used to de-
cribe the phenomena that was 

originally labelled" hell-shock," 
and then called "battle-fatigue." 
This ' disorder' is, by definition, 
not only combat related, but it is 
also related to any kind of serious 
trauma inspired through witness-
ing an act of horrifying violence. 

The symptomscon istofnight-
mares, depression, a 10 s of con-
centration, and a preoccupation 
with the images from the traumatic 
event. PTSD is often accompanied 
with visions and flashbacks. 

Lisa Buck, an occupational 
therapi t who work with a group 
of in-patient Vietnam veterans who 
suffer from substance abu e. vari -
ous di order , and PTSD, said that 
watching the news provi'ded added 
aggravation for the patients. 

"One patient felt the war just 
provided him with an add itional 
stre s. He felt he had no control 
minimizing the war, and he wa 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

having a hard enough time trying 
to handle hi owni sues,"she aid. 

Thi patient 's feeling of being 
overwhelmed and upset by the war 
was not unique. The reaction to the 
Gulf War by almo t all of the pa-
tients in the ho pital wa not en-
thu iastic. OUt of the patients 
polled, 30 percent admitted to feel-
ing " helple " when they thought 
aboutthe war. 50 percent an wered 
that they felt "scared" and "an-
gry," and 60 percent wrote that 
they felt "sad" when news of the 
war was on TV. Only 20 perce,nt 
c laimed that news of the war made 
them feel proud. 

In spite of the negative feelings 
toward the war among most of the 
patients, the patients in Buck's 
group had a unique perspective. 

"The group had a trong heavy-
heartedne s. Even though there was 
one guy who had a lot of positive 
feelings and pride for what he gave 
to the U.S. during Vietnam, sev-
eral others felt differently. Even 
though they were glad that the pub-
lic was upportive of Operation 
De en Storm, well ... they felt an-
gry at how they were recd ved after 
Vietnam," Buck said. 

"One guy," he began after a 
sigh, "was remembering wher. he 
came home to the airpon from 
Vietnam. He was all dressed in his 
fatigues, and this person had come 
up to him and said all of these 
horrible insulting things to him. 
Then, he pat in his face ." 

Buck paused, then continued, 
"You know, I've heard stories like 
that, but it really came to the sur-
face during thi s situation in the 
gulf ... To experience what he ex-
perienced mu t have been devas-
tating. l'mjusthoping that we have 
learned. " 

So, now that the warisover,can 
we relax? Will the normal people 
stop acting crazy? Will the crazy 
people stop acting normal? Can 
the Vietnam vets put their unre-
sol ved issues to rest? 

According to Danford, it's hard 
to be optimistic. 

"Now, we just have to wait. We 
can expect a lot ofPTSD from the 
people that were over there. You 
can bet that while the troops slowly 
begin to return to the states. you 
will start to see the [psychiatric 1 
unit grow proponionally ... and I 
know that like. know the sun will 
rise tomorrow," he said. 

RESERVE OFFICERS' TRAINING CORPS 

START IOOR CLIMB 
TO CUEEIl SiJIXISS THIS SUMMER. 

Apply (or Anny ROTCsununer~ 
training. You'U deYeJop confidence and dec:lal __ lial (or ~. And 
you'll qualify to eam officer credentiala 
while co~ c:oIlege. 

Ftad oat _n_ Call MaJor StaB 
M ... .,.r at (eI9) 5 ...... 943. 

1'111 SIIU1IIT ny •• , 
COOUIIUII CD TIll. 

THURSDAY 
Jazz at Athenaeum 
r.7 Jazz pianist/educator 

~ Hany C. Pickens will 
incorporate perfonnance, 
discussion, and audience 
participation to explore the 
interaction between jazz and 
modem pop music. He will 
perform jazz interpretations of 
works by Jerome Kern, Alec 
Wilder, and other composers 
from 1930 to 1960. The show 
begins at 7:00 p.m. at the 
Athenaeum (1008 Wall St.). 

THURSDAY & 
SATURDAY 
The Magic Flute 
r.714-year-old violinist Leila 

~ 10sefowicz will perfOlm 
with the San Diego Symphony, 
Playing a varied of Mozart's 
work, including "The Magic 
Flute," she can be seen this 
weekened at the Copley Sym-
phony Hall (1245 7th Ave.). 
The perfonnance begins at 8:00 
p.m" with tickets available at 
the Hall's box office starting at 
$13.50, 

FRIDAY 
Singing in English.:. 
r.7 The San Diego Opera will 

~ present Carlisle Floyd' s 
"The Passion of Jonathan 
Wade" tomorrow night. Sung 
in English, the piece is perfect 
for opera fans who cannot ' 
speak Gennan or Italian, Catch 
this show at the Civic Theater 
(3rd and 'B' Streets, down-
town). Tickets start at S11, 
available through Ticket 
Master and the Cive Theater's 
Box Office. 

Bond With the Earth 
r.7 Tomorrow is the UCSD 

~ Earth Day Festival, spon-
sored by the Earth Day Coali-
tion. Look for fun and infor-
mation starting at 10:30 a.m, 
pread out on the Sun God 

Lawn. 

AKf'S & ENTERTAINMENT 

By Karla D. Stange 
Staff Writer 

Floyd Gaffney, coordinator of the UCSD 
Contemporary Black Arts Program, is a star 
performer. Like a skillful juggler, he balance 
multip\e careers as a theater professor, veteran 
actor, choreographer, writer, and stage director. 

Critics and colleagues alike have applauded 
his efforts with a long list of honors and awards, 
but Gaffney i not content to re t on his prover-
biallaurels. His passion and enthusiasm for the 

Photos by Brian Morris 

art provide the drive for him to continue to 
change and face new creative challenges. 

"I analyze plays, Anything I do is not 'just 
another show.' I don 't do cute little comedies or 
recent Broadway successes," he sa id in a recent 
article . 

Gaffney's late t project is the unique combina-
tion of two plays, "For Colored Girls ... Who 
Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow is 
Enuf," and "Comments ... The Black Man ' 
Answer." Several of Gaffney's students and 
UCSD alumni are involved in the production. 

Southeast Community Theatre will presenl the 
plays, which will run from April 18 through May 
5, at the Lyceum Theatre. 

"This is a very creative piece," Gaffney sa id, 
"and everyone working on it has offered some-
thing. It 's been a joint effort to deal with two 
separate scripts and find a cohesion between the 
two." 

The technical balancing act is important, 
because the two plays work together to provide 
two perspectives on the relationships between 
black men and women. 

"For Colored Girls," a play by Ntozake 
Shange, presents a woman's point of view 
through a series of seven "choreopoems," which 
combine poetry, music, and dance. The poems 
concern the fru tration, violence, and angui h that 
result from the "bad blood" between the exes. 

In a recent article, Shange said, "Bei ng alive 
and being a woman and being colored is a meta-
physical dilemma I haven't yet conquered." This 
dilemma form the core of the play, which in-
Clude themes of urvival and the development 
of self-respect. Page H6 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 Hl 



2 HlATUS 

Avalon/Home Alone fantasia 
White Palace Quigley Down Under 
Memphis.... Jacob'. Ladder 

Sibling Rivalry 

Univenity Town Center 452-7766 

Avalon Henry & June 
Memphis Belle Sibling Rivalry 

White Palace 
Reversal of fortune 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
Tune In Tomorrow 

The Kra~s 
Jacob's LaCtder 

Ghost 

Cinema 283-5909 
Nov, 11: Cinema Paradlso/The Bicycle Thief 

Nov, 12: Path, of GIory/The Killing 
Nov, 13: Straples,/Scandal 

Nov, 14: Blue Velvet/Heathers 
Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

- ....... .,.~ Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
Trouble brewing wi thin the Rolling Stones? 11 seems that 

bass player Bill Wyman i planning io leave the group. Stones 
insiders report that the 53-year-old assist hasn't fully recovered 
from the recent death of his father or his divorce from his 19-
year-old wife. Allhough Wyman appears eriou ,fellow rhyth-
mist Charlie Watts doesn't actually expect Wyman to leave. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Forthose of you who can't get enough of those Rubio' fi h 

tacos, you don't have to drive all the way to Encinitas to enjoy 
them. Rubio 's will open the door to their new location in the 
UTC/Renaissance Towne Center on April 16th. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Raise a toa t to anti-commercialism!! The Georgia-ba ed 

blues band The Black Crowes were tossed from the 'ZZ Top tour 
for making disparaging comments directed toward z:z Top's 
corporate sponsorship. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Eazy-E in the White Hou e? 1I 's true. The rapper for the 
hardcore group .W.A. was invited to join the like of Arnold 
Sch\ arzennegger in the Republican Senatorial Inner Circle. 
Also, watch for a "Fuck the Police" remix with L.A. police 
brutality victim Rodney King. 

By Bryan Dlas and Dave Linberg 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 ~~~~- Call lor details' 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Nol a lel'f1lO'ary Wiler loss ; ~ ceUte and sltelch mal1ls 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct,I204 
455-0909 Expifn 5118191 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 18, 1991 

Stretching the Limits of Photography 
By Caitlin Woodthorpe 
Staff Writer 
"The NewPholography irlSiststhat 
we recognize image crealioll as all 
al/empt al communicatioll ." 

- Frank Webster 
"Construc ted Images : New 

Photography" is the Mandeville 
Gallery's new exhibition which 
feature the work of ethnic pho-
tographers. All the photographers 
are committed to the ideal of 
"making" photograph instead of 
just "taking" them, and their work 
use the photographic image in 
orne provocative and unusual 

forms. 
The featured photographers use 

an to explore their own cultural 
identity, and to comment upon the 
experience of America's minori-
ties. 

The collection feature the work 
of a number of anists who photo-
graph everyday thing ,such a the 
family and the community. Jeffrey 
Scale '''Harlem Barber Shop Se-
ries" i a set of picture all taken in 
the arne barber hop, right in the 
hean of New York. The shop is 
old, cluttered, and a vital part of the 
local community. Pictures of 
Malcolm X and other heroes adorn 
the wall. Any lillie boy who has 
had hi hair cut in a barber hop 
and felt intimidated by all the big 
men around him will identify with 
the child in Scales' photos. 

Christian Walker and Clarissa 
Sligh both focu upon the role of 
the family in the black community 
and its effect on the individual. 
Walker use photos of hi own 
dead relation and superimposes 
image of ghosts and angels upon 
them. 

The result is rather saddening, 
and the pictures are haunting. 
Sligh's work portrays the relation-
hip between the public and pri-

vate pans of our lives. 
In "House," Walker demon-

strate how issues such as rape and 
incest get locked away in the 
basements of people's lives, hid-
den from acknowledged existence. 
In a similar way, Pat Ward Wil-
Iiams ' piece "Ghosts That Smelled 

"Self Portrait" by Elisabeth Sunday, on display at Mandeville. 

Like Cornbread" is a photo narra-
tive which trace the history of a 
black family and their friends, 
encased within a window frame 
that resembles a tombstone. 

Eli abeth Sunday takes a more 
worldwide view and challenges the 
traditional perceptions of native 
Africans by the mas media. Her 
photographs of Kenyan tribes and 
the BaMbuti pygmies of the Ituri 
forest transform the images by 
e longating the bodies. 

A lot of the artists on di splay 
treat their subjects in a more ab-
stract but equally compelling way. 

Coreen Simpson examines the 
construction of the self image, par-
ticularly the black self image which 
has been inhibited by mainstream 
society. She puts together the pic-
ture of individuals (including Fla-
vor-Flav of Public Enemy fame) 
through a number of smaller pho-

tos in her "B-Boy Series," with 
bold and impressive results. 

There are 15 artists feat ured in 
the Mandeville exhibition, so 
there's more to see than has been 
described here. All of them, though, 
are interested in expressing their 
cultural identity and experience 
through their work, and in chal-
lenging the boundaries of what is 
currently acceptable. 

"Constructed Images" will 
make the observer realize that to 
take a photograph is not a passive 
action, but one which requires per-
sonal selection. It's not just what 
you photograph but how you do it 
that can have such an impact upon 
the audience. 

When: April 13 - May 12 
Where: Mandeville Gallery 
Adml88lon: Free 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

They're Back! 
• The Teenage Mutant Ninja 
Turtles ooze onto the big screen 
By Gregory Waypa 
Staff Writer 

ow why would a college tudent want 
to spend money to ee a movie that is ob-
viously directed toward littlekids-amovie 
that is considered to be a 90 minute commer-
cial by orne adults. A film that is being 
boycotted by teachers becau e of it Kung 
Fu/Karate/Ninja violence - a movie about 
tun1es. Well ... because it's a lot of fun. 

The new lunle movie, "Teenage Mutant 

" Yes, the movie is a 

independent film. Its suc-
ce i even more impre -
si ve con idering that mo t 
of the tickets bought were 
sold at half price to kid, 
which makes the number 
of people that saw the film 
in the theaters even greater. 
Thu ,it was no hock that 
TMNT 11 came out so 
quickly on the heels of the 
first one, considering the 
attention span of kids. 

comedy, but don't think 
that the jokes are all aimed 

at the minds of 
eight-year-olds ... 

This time around, the 
Tunles discover that thei r 
old nemesis, Shredder, is 
no longer up to his helmet 
in the garbage truck where 

The two cheesiest acts in America today all on one stage ... The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 
are joined by rapper Vanilla Ice. 

" Ninja Turtles IT: The Secret of the Ooze," 
opened a few weeks ago and knocked Si-
lence of the Lambs out of the number-one 
spot, surpri se, surprise. 

Though this one isn't tearing up the box 
office like the first one, it is making the 
bucks, so we should expect to hear little kids 
scream, "Cowabunga!" for a few more 
months. Or at the very least, we can expect 
to see a "Teenage Mutant Ninja Tunles Ill" 
in the nearfuture.lt was about a year ago that 
the Turtles first hit the big screen - and 
much to the surprise of everyone- it set the 
record for the most money ever made by an 

they left him at the end ofTMNT L He's out, 
he's mad, and he's seeking revenge on what 
he considers to be freaks of nature. And in 
his quest for justice, Shredder discovers the 
green ooze that tran formed the four baby 
turtles into the Heroes on a Half Shell that 
we all know and love. Shredder then at-
tempts to use the green ooze to create his 
own mutant to destroy the turtles once and 
for ali. Simple plot, right? Well, what did 
you expect? This is a movie for kids. 

There are a few difference between 
TMNT I and TMNT II. First, the turtle 
Donatello seems to be di fferent in voice and 
appearance. Not to worry though, it doesn't 
have any affect on the movie, it's just me 
being observant, or maybe a bit over-criti-
cal. 

Second, there is a new actress, Paige 

r-------------",.--.....,.,...-~~~~~ 
Nail Specials 
ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay $24.95 

14 
4688 Convoy SL 

Kearny lAesa 
576-8542 

t3 
32nd & Main 
San Diego 
281,9083 

Turco, playing the pan of April O ' Neill, the 
TV reporter and Tunles' friend. Is she beller 
than Judith Hoag who played April in the 
first film? It 's hard to say, since Turco did 
not appear on the screen as much as Hoag in 
the first movie. 

Another big difference in TMNT Il is the 
absence of Eli as Koteas ' character, K.C. 
Jones. Although orne may be disappointed 
at the 10 S ofK.C. Jones, thedecision to keep 
him out of this picture is qui te understand-
able. Simply put, he was not needed in this 
film. There is an added bonus to Koteas' 
absence: the audience doesn't have to put up 
with the icky romance that was blossoming 
between K.C. and April in the first film. 

Though there is a lot more violence in 
TMNT II, it is well staged and impre sively 
choreographed. Most karate movie are a 

tum off to me, but the fight scenes in this 
picture were a little more intere ting. I think 
it had something to do with the comic wit 
added to the scenes via the one liners - the 
numerous one liners. Yes, this movie is a 
comedy, but don't think that the jokes are all 
aimed at the minds of eight-year- olds. a lot 
of the humor is quite sophi ticated. 

There are two ways to view this film . One 
can go to an evening perfomlance with a 
bunch of adults who till think they are their 
children . Or, one can see a matinee perfor-
mance with a theater filled with kids, like I 
did. The second way, in my opinion. is the 
only way togo. First,kids area lotoffun and 
really get into this movie. Ever find yourself 
actually cheering for a turtle? And second, 
matinee perfonnance are usually a lot 
cheaper. Ever cheered for money saved? 

t2 

QUALITY AUTO 
INSTALLATION ~ 

Remote Auto A"rm ~ $229, ... .." '~ ........ Wi-;n- d-o-w-lJT'-·n-t;-ng""'---1800 B Rosecrans 
Pt. Lorna 

225-0279 
11 

3443 University 
Nonh Par\( 
28().9883 

~=:=.~0isrIm~ _' Bact three wlndo'ws $85" 
Elec:Ironicdool """~: Eleclranc sf1o!:I<~ ' 129 'Novisble rearwirdow 6nes' Top qualky metalized 
~ 6 10111 !"Ifl • p~ 1iV!"1Iosh' FIastoin9 LEO· - hard coal scratch resistant film ' Two-year guarantee =~ ==', == ~~.,;. - againstpee!ing. lading.lxbbling. etc. ' U!etime 
gU1fln1lo paJ1s & 1Il10.' $1 ,000 hili prol8Clion guar..,,.. wOt1unansfl4l guarantee Most cars 

FIll. S12 Reg. $15 • New clients only 
Flberg .... NIII .. with n,. S2I •• Reg. $45 

......... PeclIc .... $15.95 
Wulntl It.rtInt .. $3 

llenlcurel .. • F._II '25 Reg. $35 

I 
I 
I 
I 

• We bag every comic 
, Games & Cards 

rHomet 7151' $1-391 rca, - - Installation I 
1 ~-=:.nn '''''''''''1 1 1 :~sr~·:::::~m 1 

NAILS BY JENNIFER MEN AND WOllEN I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325" 560-5081 I 

L Not valid with any other olfers. Exp. 512/91 .J 
--------------------

UCSD 
THIRD COLLEGE 
FILM FESTIVAL 

APRil 21 7:30-10 p.m. 
FREE ADMI S SION 

PRICE CENTER AUDITORIUM 
SponIored by Thkd WOIId StudieI 

, We offer Free Discounts 
• In store subscription service 
• We're open until 7 p.m. &Very day 

I Nt . 1 IStereo · WIlh4speUars ..... ,$10 1 __ ..... dootm.puoIY ... _""""9. 'AnIIflna .......... _ ...... $10 
t ~-IIlOriD1nII. -.--bilgN.!! t L ·AIItms ..................... S50&up I 

~"lL~~~~II~~20~*!...J __ Ufet...!!l!~IIa.!!!!!!.w!:!!!'L _--.J 

ADVANCED IJ~ JIUlMIk.~ 
4425 Suite 106' Kearny Mesa' 279-2434' MCNISNAMX 

.~ .. 
. ' " 

UCSD UNNERSITY EVENTS & 

.... ~ 

STUDENT AalVlTlfS 
i PRESENTS 

~~~; 
,- ~ '") . 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 18, 1991 

• LEWITZKY 
DANCE CO. 
" ... SPLENDID THEATER, DIVERTING 
DISTINCTIVE DANCE. 1/ Son Francisco Chronicle 
PRESENTED BY UCSD UNIVERSlrY EVENrS & STUDENT ACT/VITIES 

APRIL 20 
SATURDAY 

8 P.M. 
MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $16 · ST. $12 
UCSD FAC/STAFF 

& SR. CIT. $ 14 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

534·4559 

.... __ .....c:""'o- • 

• '.1'2Te.Tlllla 

WITH IN PAR FROM FUNDS PROVIDED BY THE CAUF ARTS COUNCIl. 

01 

Now there's no excuse for 
not doing your homework. 

1faoo" 5~.E'> 
e · e 

e • 

"""~P'Orr.'. . S 
\t under h pound ... , ,{cl1Ith· ... fully-compJt-

IblL' laptop computer let-. you run mo.,t 
M. -D !'oftwarl.' Juq about <lnj where, 
<1I1\lime. It'~ the perl'!d little computer for 

: \\\\\ 

word pl'OCL'<;~II1g. a unting. pr ?Sen tatlons, 
llrg<lniLing important activitie", and more! 
, ow priced hundred ... lolVer than other P s. 

perinI pl/rel/nse from Zellitl,f 
Dilly at A::tec J ehvark Solunons. 

• • • • •• - l RI p< m ••• • • • • 2 18 RAM. Daybright '" 
• Free 5t""" • bilck-litLCDscrL'I.'n · 720K 
• vu • 2.0" Aoppy dri"e • Built-in 
• P 1 I Is. MS-DO 3.3 Plus · Recharge-
• In 481 p lera • able IOkhr battery · A 
• 

AZTIC W plIr'hd ... .,,,f7enilh·... • adilpter · Built-in Fast Wire 
.~=. ,\1I1W.Purt LiJplop ZL-2 Link file tran fer · Battery 

• • 'e -tordorddaib. • recharger . I-year Zenith 
• ••••••• _ ••• _ • • part and labor warran t 

AZT.C 
NIITWORK 
SOLUTIONS 

Mon.-Fri. 9 am-S pm IE] 
Sat. 10 am-3 pm <JO J. "" ",m<.scd,h 
(619) 427-5100 • (BOO) 427-5101 
836 Broadway, Chula VISta 

10 

In CQnjul1ction willi ASUCSD alld U"il'ersity Even/s. Tire Eartll Day Coalitjon at UCSD prese1l1s UCSD's second anlJual 

Earth Day Festival 
The Cardiff 

Reefers 
• 

6pm -? 

.lambav 
.. 

4-5pm 

Randv Haves 
~ . 

Director - Rainforest 
Action Network 

5 - 6,pm 

Naked Earth 
Noon -lpm 

Friday, April 19, 11am - 8pm 
Gytn Steps - HUlTIp Main Walk 

In en e of rain event will be moved into the Price Center Ball Room 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

r~II:1IJ~I~EVIEWS .l tired of me" - are lighter and more danceable. Out of Time is an album of con-
siderable mu ica l and lyrical meri t. 
It proves that R.E.M. has Ie! nei-
ther time nor their multi-million-
dollar record contract with Warner 
Bro . stale their mu ic. Quite the 
opposite i true. 

album fi t firmly into the blues 
tradition. Blue, who e lineage 
trace back to the Beat Farmers 
and The Jack now gets top billing 
on his latest effort, even though all 
Jack members are present on this 
album. Blue either wrote or co-
wrote all the songs on GUflersl1ipes 
'n' Zealots, creating a olid hard-
rockin' whole. 

Finally, on "B lind Monkeys" 
Buddy bemoans kids of the "privi-
leged ones" who do not think for 
themselves and go through life ig-
norant (blis ful perhap , but cer-
tainly ignonmt). 

R.E.M. 
Out 01 Time 
Warner Bros. 

The sleeve to R .E.M.'s 10th 
release is decorated with all sorts 
of artsy photos and illustrations of 
nature - oak trees, daisie ,cher-
ries. berries, leaves, the sea, the 
wagging tail of a puppy - but, 
unfortunately, no lyrics. 

The album, which was mixed at 
Prince 's Paisley Parle Studios in 
Minnesota , is by no means as funky 
as early sources had leaked it to be. 
Funky for R.E.M., yes, but not 
funky like George Clinton. 

Out o/Time is, however, a re-
freshing, eclectic mix of what is 
both expected from and urprising 
about R.E.M. 

They seem to relish in satisfy-
ing and subverting every expecta-
tion the listener may have of them 
and their music . 

The first song, generically titled 
"Radio Song," opens with a jan-
gling, arpeggiated guitar line 
remniscent of " The Flowers of 
Guatamala" from Life' s Rich 
Pagent. 

But Peter Buck's Byrds-ian 
picking style is dropped for ajingly 
kind of funky ring that lead vocal-
ist Michael Stipe, and guest vocal-
ist, KRS-l, take to rapping over: 
"D.l. sucks!" and "Hey! Hey! 
Hey!" 

Stipes' rap isn't cosmopolitan 
orevenstreetwise-it 'ssouthem-
style with a country twang. Folksy-
funk rap. 

The album's first si ngle, " los-
ing My Religion," perhaps the best 
track on the album and certainly 
one of the best songs they have 
written, is very much what you 
would expect from R.E.M. This is 
the first of what Stipe calls a col-
lection of "love ongs" and is beau-
tifully woven together with man-
dolinand swooning tringarrange-
ments. 

This is nothing new for R.E.M. , 
but it i used more effectively on 
earlier material like "Feeling 
Gravity 'S Pull. " Andontopofitall 
i Stipes ' magnificent croon -
gutteral, throaty , longing and hon-
est. He seems to be enunciating 
more clearly than ever before while 
singing about the alienation and 
contradictions that come out of 
relationships: "I've said too much, 
[haven ' t said enough." 

The lyrics are still difficult to 
understand, though, and the re ult 
is an disorienting impre ioni tic 
smatter of thi and that: "Life is 
bigger ... than you and you are not 
me{l11e lengths that 1 will go tot 
The distance in your eyes." 

The lyrics provide the real im-
pact on this recording, but R.E.M. 
never prints their lyrics because 
Stipe claims they change over time 
and to set them in tone would be 
ridiculous. 

Other surpri e on Out of Time 
are an in trumental and two ongs 
that feature Mike Mills, ratherthan 
Stipe. on lead vocals . One of tho e 

songs, "Near Wild Heaven," i 
coated with glossy, Beach Boys-
esque four-part harmonies -
" Baaah, B-B-B-Bah, Baaah" -
and lot of cheesy ' 60 organ 
sounds. 

The final two tracks are para-
doxe within them elves: a low, 
weighted "Country Feedback"jux-
taposed with a driving romp. "Me 
In Honey." 

The first drags, like a bumed-
out relationship that you can't seem 
to shake. 

"You wear me out. We've been 
through faith, breakdown, self-
hun, plastics. collections, self-help, 
self-pain, psychics, fuck off!" 
Stipe'S lyrics are both obtu e and 
comfoning. He belts them out like 
a bone in his throat - "I neeeed 
this." 

"Country Feedback" features 
the B-52s' Kate Pierson, who sings 
on two other tracks on the record. 
A lovesong of quite a different 
sort, it is playful and energetic, 
with Mills' bas providing the 
backbone to the beat. 

The lyrics - "baby's gettin' 

The record i imaginative, beau-
tiful , and affecting. If only they 
would print omeoflho elyric on 
the sleeve. 

- Danny Calvi 

Buddy Blue 
Guttersnipes 'n' Zealots 
Rhino Records 

Buddy Blue 's latest output, 
GlltTersnipes 'n' Zealots is no 
surpri se. True to his name, this 

I3lues are what these guys are 
about, and you 've only got the 
blues if you are unhappy about 
something. 

Blue ain't happy about severa l 
things - first and foremost are the 
"guttersnipes" and "zealots" who 
inhabit this world . 

On " Somethin' Inhuman" 
Buddy rhapsodizes about the bums 
and homeless who poke through 
dumpsters to eat and sleep in Parks 
and gutter . 

The song s " Hey, Morris" 
(which features an appearance by 
Mojo Nixon) and "Gun Sale at the 
Church" Blue takes shots at preach-
ers who sell salvation and the dan-
gerou Iy far-right attitudes preva-
lent in most church-going folk . 

He sings. "Well my two main 
men are Jesus and old John Birch" 
on "Gun Sale." 

And, of course, what blues al-
bum would be complete without 
tales of lost love and death? Blue 
obliges with "No Right to Die," 
mixing both themes, "Someone 
You Knew," about the death of a 
friend, and " Anyway," a song of 
love and devotion in a rocky rela-
tion hip. 

In " Prowlin' Tomcat Blues" 
sung with Tomcat Courtney, the 
two get into a deep blues groove 
watching the girl they both want 
drive off with another guy. 

For good measure , Buddy 
throws in a blatnnt rocker, "Satur-
dny Night," with Dave Alvin on 
lead guitar. 

Thi i a great album to slap on 
while shoot ing pool or playing 
poker, ordrinking beer. It is a solid 
co llection of songs, none of them 
being a "throw-away" 

I f solid blues is your thing, 
give this album a listen. Or even 
better, catch Buddy live. 

- Mark Trostler 

r 20% OFFl DAILY WEAR (Cooperthin) .......................... . $89 EXTENDED WEAR (B & L, 03104) ................ $105 g~::~n~~~~.::::::::::::::: ::::::::: :: : :: ::::::::: : ::::: :: :::::: :::: 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) ......... ... $199 
_ : CompIoIo eye "aminaliorl' Glaucoma 1851' Ln evaloa1r1V S fit1r1g. Pair ri 

canIIICIltnses lor myapos (~ • F ...... up care • Solcion care kj • F .... 
_ & VIInirO' T~on" cart program' 0Itw majOr brands In stoCll 

• 0tI0r good lor fisI·lime poIienlS 

I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I I LENSES OR BACKUP I 
GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 

Wesley' Jasen (OW) ............................................. $:l2.OO 
Softmate (OW) ................. ................................... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) ...................................................... $29.00 
B&L U4 .............. .. ............................................... $21.00 
CIBA TINT .......................................................... $39.00 L (Offer expires 4130191) .J ~~~-.~------------... -------- '------------------' Limned time oHer early evening & Salurday appoinlments now available 

J & J Acu Vue or Clba disposable lenses $89 
for 4 boxes with current RX 

J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lens 
complete package plan $189 

North 
County 
43M331 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
at Miramar & Commerce behind Carl's Jr. VISIONCAHE 

MaslerCard & Visa accepted 

578·6796 
Easl 

County 
66804536 

LOTTERIES ANNOUNCEMENT 
for College 

",p Revelle 
for Muir 

4 iU'·'i'I'·,ilU,- Third 
Warren 

Fifth 

LoHery Information Meeting LoHery Card Due 

Wednesday, April ]0-6:30 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:30 p.m. 
Why ot Here? 

Monday, April 8, 8:30 p.m. 
Muir Top of the Quad 

Tuesday, April 9-7:00 p.m. 
Mountain View Lounge 

Friday, April 12, 6:00 p.m. 

Friday, April 12, 4:00 p.m. 

Thur day, April 11,-8:00 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 
Warren Commons 

Monday, April 8-9:30 p.m. 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 

Monday, April 15, :00 p.m. 

For Details Call 

534-3025 

534-4200 

534-4341 

534-4581 

53 -2261 



6 HIATUS 

> 

GAFFNEY 
ContInued from page H1 

Critics of "For Colored Girl " 
have condemned hange for pre-
senting a one-sided femini st view 
of the problems between black men 
and women. 

"Shangebombards the audience 
w~th negative images abou t the 
black man," Gaffney aid. "Where 
are the posi ti ve images among all 
the scenes of beating. rape. and 
abandonment?" 

One example of male cruelty in 
Shange's play is when a drugged-
out man dangles his girlfriend 's 

The UCSD Guardian 

two children out a window by their 
ankles and threaten to drop them. 

"There' no indication a to why 
the e men are acting the way they 
do, in term of ocial and p ycho-
logical pressures put upon them. 
Only the woman' s point of view is 
given . nd that ' rather shallow." 
Gaffn y aid. 

I n an effort to balan e the nega-
tive with positives, he added 
"Comments ... The Black Man 's 

n wer" to "For olored Girls." 
Playwright Abiodun Oyewole ' 
"Comments" provides a male per-
spect i ve that counte rs the anger and 
violence in hange' play. 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from Parkway Plaza 
OP.N 10 AM TO 10 PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDEO 
3393 Kemper St. 

The commentary runs imuha-
neously with "For Colored Girl ." 
and it offer ugge tion and an-
swers to the war between the sexe . 
Oyewole'smessageshowstheneed 
fo r unity, and arg ues that men and 
women must fieht for. not against. 
each other. 

In one of the poem in "Com-
ments:' Oyewole write. " Why 
should we love? Because it is 
neces ary 10 keep the du t from 
around our hearts and the ars of 
an unloved ex! tence off our 
mind :' 

Gaffney believes that the dy-
namic interaction in the play will 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

Thursday, April IS, 1991 

interest college-age students be-
cau e it deals with the need for a 
loving relation hip, and the prob-
lem that occur with this need. 

"The problem, even though 
they're 'for colored girls,' move 
beyond race and become human 
problem between male and fe-
male." he aid. 

When: April 18-21, 25-28, and 
May 2-5, Thurs. through Sat. 
at 8 p.m., and Sun. at 2 p.m. 
and 7 p.m. 

Where: Lyceum Theatre, .79 
Horton Plaza 

Tickets: $14, available at Ly-
ceum Box Office 235-8025 

11 SPORTS 

Magic, Arsenio, and 
The America's Cup 
J UST A FEW NOTES: • It 's difficult in sports to find that one point in time 
when a game i revolutionized. 
Football has teadily grown into 
a Las Vegas stage show display-
ing the physical exploits of huge, 
blazingly-fast men with the 
coordination of Olga Korbut and 
the daring of Hollywood 
stuntmen. 

Baseball has evolved from a 
time where men named Babe 
were revered and used to name 
candy bars, into the modem-day, 
where pitchers named Nolan, 
Roger, and Dibble are hurling 
tiny, white projectile fa ter than 
(Yugo lavian) cars. 

But in the sport of basketball , 
you can circle the day of 
revolution in red: March 10, 
1979. For it was on that day that 
Earvin "Magic" Johnson 
declared himself eligible for the 
NBA Draft. 

J ULIUS ERVING provided a hint of what was to come, and Air 
Jordan is leading the NBA into 
the 90s. But no one was more 
responsible for the emergence of 
basketball as a prime-time sport 
than Magic. The kid with the 
funny (they call it "Arsenio Hall" 
these days) grin was a freak. 
Suddenly, here was a man with 
the agility of Earl the Pearl. He 
could dribble like Walt Frazier, 
and pass like Oscar Robertson. 

Yet he was just three inches 
shorter than Wilt Chamberlain. 

With the aid of a French Lick 
character named Larry Bird, 
Magic brought a whole new 
approach to the game. Gone were 
the staid chest passes and two-
handed set shots. Pinpoint. no-
look, 50-foot bounce passes 
became the norm. 

O UT THE window went the half-court offense. In its 
place, Showtime: a whirling, 
spinning, full-speed exhibition of 
basketball where the action 
moved faster than an Indy race-
car. Suddenly, basketball moved 
into the arena of the big two. No 
longer was it the third sport on 
the third networks. Suddenly, it 
became a magical evening of 
entertainment the whole family 
could enjoy. And imitate. 

• Having said all that, I'll take 
Portland in the NBA playoffs. 

• If you've never lived outside 
San Diego, you wouldn't realize 
that the rest of the country thinks 
the America 's Cup is part of the 
latest Meal Deal at McDonald's. 

• Mickey Rourke? Yikes. 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 18, 1991 

Baseball 
Comes 
Up Dry 
• Flanagan yields two 
runs on eight hits, but 
offense falters again 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

Despite a gallant pitching effort 
from sophomore left-hander Ryan 
Flanagan, the UCSD ba eballteam 
fai led to produce offen ively, and 
dropped a 2-0 nailbiter to CSU Do-
minguez Hills (ranked fifth in Di-
vision II). 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Karl Friedl and the Triton offense are looking for help after getting just three hils against CSUDH. 

Flanagan (3-5) went the dis-
tance for the Trilons ( 12- 17), yield-
ing eight hits and two walks while 
striking out four in his eighth start 
of the year. Flanagan has emerged 
a perhaps the ace of the Tritons' 
staff, as evidenced by his 2.69 ERA. 

See BASEBALL, Page 13 

Trip North 
Good fora 
Change 
• Preview: Men's 
crew tinkering after 
SDCCs; women 
want look at Natoma 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

In athletics, consistency is a 
typical goal . But for the UCSD 
men's crew team, heading to 
this weekend 's Cal State Colle-
giate Championships at Lake 
Natoma, change has been the 
most consistent aspect of this 
season. 

"Overall, I am very optimis-
tic," Head Coach Mike Shan-
non said. "We've made some 
changes." 

The strategic adjustments 
have included altering the posi-
tions of the rowers, the rigging 
of the boats, the oar. 

Tale of Two 

The UCSD women 's varsity 
is looking for experience on 
the Lake Natoma course. 

"Basically we've changed 
everything," Shannon said. 
"We' re trying to pick up some 
speed offthe start ... and be able 
to sprint on the finish." 

Shannon said that he antici-
pates his teams will have tough 
races but should do well. The 
varsity boat is scheduled to face 
UC Santa Barbara, which de-
feated UCSD earlier this sea-
son at the San Diego Crew Clas-
sic. "In the San Diego City 

See CREW, Page 12 

TEAMS 
Editor's note: This is the conclusion o/a /Wo-

part series on Division 1I/ athletics. 
By Greg Huffstutter 
Staff Writer 

Both the UCSD men 's volleyball an.d men 's 
water polo teams must compete in the open divi-
sion, where there is no distinction between Divi-
sion I, II, and ill teams except for the have's and 
have-not's . Quite simply, Division I and II teams 
have scholarships to divvy out among their play-
ers, while Division ill teams have not. 

Despite this obvious di sadvantage, the men 's 
See TEAMS, Page 17 

Ibarra No-hits Tritons; 
Softball Drops Two 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD softball team has to 
be wondering how far it's going to 
fall. It wasn't so long ago that the 
Tritons were ranked number 10 in 
the nation. It wasn ' t so long ago 
that coaches and players were not-
ing the eight returning position 
players, or the two top returning 
pitchers. It wasn't so long ago that 

UCSD was 10-3 and talking about 
playoff berths and regional bid. 

The last thing on the Tritons ' 
collective mind wa a sub-.SOO 
record (15- 16), or being no-hit by 
Cal State Dominguez Hill pitCher 
Anne Ibarra in the opener of 
Tuesday's doubleheader with the 
Toros, a doubleheader which saw 
the Tritons get swept 2-0 and 3-2. 

See SOFTBALL, Page 13 

Tennis Breezes By PLNC 
By Robb Earnest 
Staff Writer 

It was a blustery Tuesday after-
noon, and UCSD women 's tennis 
Head Coach Liz LaPlante was 
awaiting the start of the Tritons' 
match against Point Lorna. 

"We'd likea tough match to get 
us ready for upcoming competi-
tion," she said. 

Wishes don't a1 ways come true. 
Instead, UCSD rolled past the Cru-

saders 7-1, despite playing with-
out its usual number five and six 
singles players, Catherine Vim and 
Nancine Hayden. Vim was both-
ered by a sore shoulder, and Hayden 
is sidelined with an ankle injury. 

Point Loma was not without its 
problems either. The Crusaders' 
number one and number three play-
ers were both out with injuries. 
With both teams suffering, and not 

See W. TENNIS, Page 12 



12 SPORTS 

PHYSICISTS I 
MATHEMATICIANSI 

COMPUTER SCIENTISISI 
XonTech is a highly respected . pr~ressiVe R & D firm peclallzlng 
in the empirical analysis of complex physical phenomena. and 
development of advanced concepts and technologies In support 
of numerous defense programs. 
Our research encompa es the following: 
• Analysi~ and evaluation of night test data laircraft ballistic mis-

sile. satellitel. Including 
• Trajectory recon truclion • Re-entry aerodynamics 
• NaVIgation analysis • Orbital mechanic 

• Re earch. development. and evaluation of advanced radar and 
weapons sy tem Including: 
• Signature analYSIS • System design 
• Signal proceSSing • Perfonmance analysis 
• System simulation 

Ourwork Is technlcaflychallenging. and offers exceptional vi Ibillty 
and direct client contact. with opportunltle for technical and 
managerial advancement. 
Positions are available at the Ph D .. Master's. and Bachelor's levels. 
Degrees mu t be In Physics. Mathematic. or Computer Science. 
Electrical Engineering with Ignal proce Ing emphasis Is also 
acceptable. 
Oualified professionals are invHed to contaCt our Corporate Per-
sonnel Office at (III' 717-71aG. or end a resume In confidence 
to Corpor.te Penoanel De ... rt_nt. ll_'hell. Inc ..... 1 
H.",.....rwt "_.e. Vall N ..... CA .1 .... _ 

U.s. Clt ..... hlp R~ ....... . 

x..'heII __ .et'" 
c.r.... lei alee c.t.r 

_ ........ ' ...... 2 ..... 
........ , .... _ ............. 

~ XonTech, Inc. 
"People, Science .... 1Khnoloa" 

Northern 6 50lltllenll callfornl8 
w.1IhIncton. D.C' HantnUle. AI8 ...... ColoMe 

Devonshire 

IN LA JOLLA'S GOLDEN TRIANGLE 
PRICES 

SLASHED! 
• Walk to University Towne Centre 
• Next to community park 
• Fireplaces, microwaves and many 

luxury features 
• Direct garage access 

2 & 3 Bedroom 2/21f2 Bath 
Luxury condominiums 

from only $1 ~ 
\ \-;-u.-· 3% ~KfR NOW $159,500 

OPEN DAILY 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. 

552-8066 

The UCSD Guardian 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 11 
at full trength, the Triton ' depth 
took over. 

"We played Point Lorna our 
first match this year and won 5-4. 
Unfortunately,theyaren ' t as tTong 
this time with their injuries," said 
LaPlante before the stan. "This 
match will probably be more like a 
practice match or exhibition." 

Indeed, UCSD (12-5) imply 
outgunned Point Loma. There were 
only two matche that were rea-
sonably close. 

Robyn Inaba outl asted Point 

CREW 
Continued from page 11 
Championships, we had a great 
sprint in varsity, we just staned 
fi ve strokes too late," Shannon said. 

Unlilce the Crew Classic in early 
April, where the competition 
ranges from PAC- IO to Division 
ill, the tate championships should 
be a more even race for the smaller 
schools in California. 

"The competition is very good. 
You don ' t have people like at the 
Crew Classic," Shannon said. 

Lorna' Monica Clancy 6-4, 4-6, 
6-4 in a three-hour marathon at 
number one single. and Janet 
Whalen struggled through a long 
and biner match against Tiffany 
Puckett at number three singles 
before falling 4-6,6-2.3-6. 

The re t of the Triton won 
handily. Carla Nicolas breezed toa 
6-0, 6- I victory at number two 
ingle . 

Amanda Lynch. Diane Chan-
dler. and icole Hou e picked up 
quick and ea y singles victorie as 
well. 

UCSD al 0 swept all three 
doubles matches. 

Although change has been an 
imponant factor forthe men's crew, 
acro - the-board alterations have 
not been the focus of the women 's 
team. 

The obv ious goal forthis week-
end would be victory, but Vallerga 
has the future in mind as well as 
UCSD prepares for the long jour-
ney. 

"We' re going for a couple of 
reasons," Vallerga said. "One is to 
get a look at Nonhern California 
teams before the PCRCs [pacific 
Coast Rowing Championships]." 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Robyn Inaba won 6-4, 4 -6 , 6-4. 

Vallerga noted that the other 
reason is an opportunity to give the 
Tritons some familiarity with the 
course which will be the site of the 
PCRCs in May. "Getting on the 
course should make the peRC a 
little less ofa fighteningunknown," 
he aid. 

Other than preparation for up-
coming races, V allerga said that he 
doesn ' t know what to expect from 
the trip. 

"It's still premature to tell," he 
said. "I don ' t know how the crew 
will travel and race far from home." 

I. Performance. /\t 15 MIPS, the NcX·lstatioll'· 
computer is faster than the fastest Macinrosh, 
even faster than a 486 PC-so you won't have to 
sit through thosc frustrating delays. 

YCt.lX:C3USC of its intuiti .... e graphical intcrf:1('e, 
it's actua lly much easier to usc than any other 
desktop computer. 

2. Storage and ~1l11!;Jtibility! Standard C(luip-
mcnt in the NcX1station includes 8MrJ of 
memory, a 2.88MB Aoppy dri\'c (which reads 
and writes in OOS forlll3ts) and 200MB hard 
disk, already load cd with software. 
3. Ease of usc. The cX'lstation computer 
gives you the powcr of a UNIX· \\'orkst;Jtion , 

4. Softwarc. O\,er:t hundred applications arc 
now a\'ailable for the NeXlstation computer, 
induding hreakthrough programs from some 
of the most popular names ill softw;Jre: Lotus· 
Improv,'" Word Perfect· a IUJ '10I>Dra1w ... 
5. Value. The NcX1statioll is far ~ 
more computer than any COIll-
parahly priced machinc at $3995 • 

NeXT Station 
LJCSD 
, H )f H~ • , , C II II ~ ,UCSD BOOKSTORE ~-==& COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 ~~~iil'il~~ OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM· 6 PM AND SAT tOAM· 4 PM 

200 MB UD 8MB RAM 
Monochrome Display 
Only $399S! 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 11 

Granted the Triton are 8-0 
again t Division III opponents, but 
it ' hard to sell thattoplayoffcom-
minees when you're 7-16 again t 
everyone else. 

down the victory. 
It took one inning in the night-

cap for the Tritons to do what they 
hadn 't done the entire first game 
- get a hit. Or fo r that maUer, 
score. 

GoH Places Fourth at 
Point Loma Invitational 

The problem for the Triton ,as 
it has been for most of the year. is 
the offen e - or lack of it. UCSD 
had more than its hare of opportu-
nitjes again t the Toros. Despite 
her no-hitter, Ibarra was far from 
perfect. She walked five, and the 
defen e committed two error be-
hind her. But the Tritons could 
never capitalize. 

UCSD tarter Dianna Moreno 
(7-6) did her part. She held the 
Toros scoreless for the first five 
innings,surrenderingju t three hits. 

In the ixth, however, the Toros 
did what UCS D couldn't - score. 
Moreno gave up a walk and two 
singles as CSUDH took a 1-0 lead. 
That was all the Toros needed for 
the win. They added an in urance 
run - figure of peech with the 
way the Triton 'offense ha been 
going - in the eventh to nail 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 11 

The Tritons' bats, which came 
alive in a 6-1 victory over South-
ern California College on Thurs-
day, went to sleep on Flanagan and 
managed to tally only three hits 
agajnstCSUDH. Ofthe three, only 
one was for extra bases, a double 
by shonstop Steve Nowlan. An-
thony Sanchez and Ted White had 
the other hits. 

White came off the bench in the 

P.JlCl~IC 
ISUfND..5 Cll.l! 

r 

Dana Chaiken and Stephanie 
Molina led off the bottom of the 
first with a pair of ingles. Pam 
Harnack then ripped a two-out 
ingle to score Chaiken and put the 

Tritons up 1-0. 
The core remained 1-0 until 

the lOp of the third when CSUDH 
got to UCSD starter Kathy Fogg 
(5-7) for three run on a double, 
two singles, and a triple. all of 
which came with two outs. 

Again, the Tritons had their 
c hances to even the core, but 
couldn' t. 

Deidre Ca tillo and Chaiken 
each hammered two-out single in 
the bOllom of the inning. Molina 
followed with a walk to load the 
bases. Fogg then drove in Ca tillo 
with a sing le, but Chaiken was 
forced to stop at third. With the 
bases once again loaded, however, 
Lynne Moreno grounded out. and 
the Toro e caped with the win. 

f> ighlh illulng to get a a pinch-hit 
ingle which he followed with a 

stolen ba e, but was unable to score. 
Two runs early in the game 

notched the victory for the Toro . 
CSUDH scored an unearned run in 
the second inning on two singles 
and an error. The Toros touched 
flanagan for an additional run in 
the fourth. 

Flanagan shut down CSUDH 
forthenext four innings, but UCSD 
was unable to come from behind. 
dropping five games below .500. 

By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD golfteamconrinued 
it recent st retc h of good playas it 
wa edged by Loyola Marymount 
at the Lo Angeles Country Club 
Monday - los ing by on ly 10 
stroke to the Division I quad. 
The Tritons aI 0 pIa ed founh in a 
field of 14 at yesterday's 36-hole 
Point Lorna Invi tat ional in EI 
Cajon. 

The Tritons' perfonnance ye -
terday wa particularly notable as 
UC D placed first among eight 
Division III quads, shooting 305 
in both the morning and afternoon 
rounds, to finish with a combined 
score of 6 I 0, 16 strokes ahead of 
Divis ion III rival Cal Sta te San 
Bernardino. 

UCSD played panicularly well 
on the par-n, 6,905-yard Ivanhoe 
course, a it team s ore of 305 
was goext fo.. econd. 

"There' nowaywe houldhave 
played that well on that course 
with the wind up in the afternoon," 
UCSD Head Coach Mike Wydra 
said. 

J n contrast, the Tritons truggled 
somewhat on the conside rably 
easier par-7 1. 6 , 1 IO-yard Monte 
Vi ta layout, including a triple-
bogey even by Devin Thomas and 
eve ral three -putts by Malt 

Stonern. 
Thomas and Dale Abraham led 

UCSD, combining for 151 on the 
day and fini shing in a tie for ev-

WANTA FUN 
JOBONA 

TROPICAL 
ISLANDt 

Can you play volleyball? Tennis? Windsurf? Dance? Sing? Play piano or 
other musical instruments? Not afraid to work bard? Arc you interested 
in _an opportunity to learn Japanese? Or are you just a great personality 
who can entertain others into having the time of their lives? If you can 
do one or more of these activities, we might have the job for you. 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB ... 
. 

has beach resorts in Micronesia that cater to guests who want to 
be entertained and play water sports and tennis. We have 
openings for 

RECREATION 
-COORDINATORS 
& ENTERTAINERS 

enth individually. Bob Meyerson 
and enior Bob Knee both played 
consistent golf on the day, shoot-
ing 152 and 156. respective ly. 

tottem brought upthe rear for the 
Triton with a 162. 

Wyd ra was partic ularly im-
pressed with the play of Abraham , 
who was involved in a traffi acci -
dent on the way to the course. 

" His truck got bashed up pr tty 
badly on the way out to the frce-
~ ay [from campus]," W ydra said. 
"Lucky for us he was only injured 
very slightly and managed to make 
it all the way here even though the 
d liver's side of hi truck was al-
most completely caved in ." 

UC Irvine won the invite with a 
c mbined team score of 58 I. and 
UCl's William Yanag is;l\\,u won 
medalist honors wi th a combined 
fC\ur-linder-par score of 139. 

The Tritons traveled north to 
Lo Angcles Country Club on 
Monday. where they fell 3 1 1-32 1 
to LMU on the Lions' par-70, 
6.905-yard home course. 

Despite the loss. which dropped 
UCSD's dual match record to 10-
3 o n the season, Wydra was pleased 
with his team's perfonnance on 
what he believes to be one of the 
toughest course in California. 

"It 's a pretty long course with 
very fast, undulating greens," he 
said. "We scored really well con-
idering a couple of our guys had 

never played the course." 
LACC i also one of the most 

Guardian File Photo 

Matt StoNern struggled on the 
greens Wednesday as he three-
putted 11 times in 36 holes. 

exclusive club . in thecounrry , and 
ha reponedly refused admis ion 
to eery Hollywood 111 vie star 
that has ever applied ror member-
ship. 

" If you think about it , a team 
like ours doc n' t re.llly have any 
business playing on a place like 
LACC, but we were more than 
happy to take the opponunity." 
Wydra mused. 

Thomas earned medali st hon-
ors , firing a four-over-par 76. 
Knee' 80. Bob Warrington's 82, 
and Abraham's 3 rounded out the 
scoring. Meyerson and Sto ttern 
missed the cut with rounds of 85 
and 88, respectively. 

" Devin wanted to play well up 
there since it was hi s senior year 
[and hi s la-ttime playing LACC]," 
Wydra said. "Bob [Kneel is also 
tarting to play well for us now that 

he ha time to practice.. . ince all 
of his intramurals are getting over 
with." 

1991 CLEARANCE SALE 

~~~~[Ri~[L 
[Q)~~~@[NJ[g~ 
~@~~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited Persons to orgRnize Rna instruct wRter Rna beRch sports, direct games, arts & crRfts, ana to sing Rna dance in nightly shows. ApplicRnts should be high-energy, 

extroverted outdoor types with recreation, sports or theRtricRl experience. J apa-
lIese language not essential but preferred. Willingness to work hard and learn 
Japa7we is necessary. We provide housing, meals and other fringe benefits 
including round-trip air/lires. 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

We will be on campus April 22nd and 23rd. 
lnfonnationsessions will be from 9 -10 a.m. & 1- 2 p.m. on April 22, and from 9-10 a.m. 
on April 23. Interviews will be held after each session. For more information please contact 
the Career Center. 
NOTE: P.I.C. requires a 6-month minimum commitment. 
PAcific bu..u a"h it All 4N111 Oppommi,., E",plup a"J ,,11 U.S. /R.,! Apply. Proof of eligibili,., to wort 

;n the u.s. it re,,,;rei/. 

I£I~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 camino Santa Fe ~ Y-.,.. Miramar, California 

(619)450·3323 



14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
MUSIC MAJORS needed for music 
appreciation study. Involves listening 
to and rating various music selections. 
Pays $5.00 for 45 minutes. Call Mitch at 
457-0239. (418-4118) 

Graduating? Only 53 days till you wear 
that funny gown. Parents coming? Don't 
irim think of another hotel till you call 
the La Jolla Cove Motel. 170 Beautiful 
rooms, wild night-life of Prospect St. in 
your backyard, world class beauty of 
"the Cove" out your front balcony. 
Expensive? Not. $44.00 UCSD special. 
Obviously these rroms will go fast. Irs 
not too early, call 459-2621 or toll free 
(800) 248·COVE. (418-4129) 

Get involved at Revelle. Revelle 
Committee Applications are available 
at the Revelle Provost Office: due 
Friday, April 26 'th.(4/11-4125) 

It's close and convenient "nd next to 
the Grove. It has gifts, jewelry, and 
ethnic clothes. For those birthdays , 
anniversaries, and special extras , come 
to the Grove Gallery Store and 
experience a cultural spectra. (4/15-41 
25) 

In King's Image" - a collec1ion brought 
together for the love and respect of Dr. 
Martin Luther King Jr., on display at the 
Grove Gallery, March 14- ApriI27. (41 
15-4ft 8) 

Attention Foreign Students - Students 
want your cars , furniture, computers, 
etc. (71 4) 846-9152, Any languages, 
Mike (4115-4/25) 

"Battle of the Bands" is tomorrow nighll 
Everyone welcome! Friday 9 :00 p.m., 
$1 .00 at Anchorview. (4/ 18) 

Come experience eargasm by Third 
College 's House Party at the Third 
Tennis Courts Friday.(4/t8) 

International House is a great cross-
cultural living opportunity! Applications 
availabte at Pepper Canyon & I,Center 
(Jrs, Srs, Grads) . Due April 22. Call 
534-2261 with questions .(4118-4122) 

Come to a Circle K Club at UCSD 
meeting! Community service, socials, 
fundraisers, we do it all. Come to our 
next meeting on Monday, April 22 in 
Gallery A at 7 p .m.(4/18) 

Come see a 500 lb. fat man eat himself 
to Deathl Admission Free. The UCSD 
Cabare t presents : The 
Transfiguration of Benno Bllmple by 
Albert Innsurato. Friday April 18th, 
9p.m. and l1p.m., Saturday April 19th, 
7p.m., 9p.m., and 11p.m. Come early, 
seating is limi ted I At 409 Small Studio 
Theatre, located at the end of Russel 
Dr. off Gilman.(4/18) 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(619) 459-0272 

Church Schoo! 9:00 a.m. 
Worship 10:00 a.m. 

Bible Study 7:00 p.m. 
Tuesday 

·Feel the Spirit" Radio 
Broadcut KPRZ (1210 AM) 

nery Sunday 11:30-12 Noon 

Dr. K.T, Callowa,., Pastor 
-A Church For People 

on the Grow~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in i5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; Iherefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited /0 companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Both Turkey and Saudi Arabian 
govemments have routinely tonured 
citizens after Jailing them for political 
reasons . The Iraqi government's torture 
victims included hundreds of children 
during the 1980's. This only bothers the 
U.S. when Iraq goes against U.S. 
interests. (4/15-4/18) 

JolntheWATERPOLOCLUB.Meetings 
are Saturdays 4-6p.m. at the Natorium. 
Bring your suit! (4/18) 

A.S_ Internship deadlines April 16th 
for summer and fall opportunities I Need 
info? Call 534-4689 nowl (4/18-4125) 

Deep PurplelWinger Concen May 121h. 
5lh13rd row floor. $60/$75. David 534· 
2520. Alex 457·1319. (4/18) 

Look for the Campus Greens in the 
Plaza on Friday, UCSD EARTH DAY! 
Our earth needs your helpl Find out 
how you canl Do your part. You can 
even register for the Green Party- a 
party devoted to policies which always 
consider the planet before profits & 
people before non·essentials.( 4(18) 

SERVICES 
Otga Sari-- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour, 3256 Holiday Co un. 
Student Discounts . 558·4644/226-
1962. (4/1-6/6) 

PASSPORT PICTURES!! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (1122·6/6) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. For information call 
Post Graduate Group, 985-0426. (4/1· 
616) 

BIOTECHNOLOGY DIRECTORY. A 
must for job seekers. 1991 listing of 
150+ California companies including 
mailing tabels. Send $13.38 (includes 
tax) to A. Gee Associates, 7770 Regents 
Rd. #113·525, S.D., CA. 92122 or call 
453-8283. (4/8-4/18) 

Professional IBM P.C .• C, C++, DOS, 
tutoring. Flexible hours. Individual Help. 
$10.00Ihr. 793·7283. (4/15·4/18) 

Want to keep your organization'S office? 
Apply at EDNA by Friday the 19th 4 
p.m. (4 /15-4/18) 

IdnkC)lS-
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Surfers- Broken fins? Snapped 
boards? Numerous dings? Call Thomas 
for professional & timely surfboard 
repair I 560-9053. (4/ 11 -4/22) 

Math tutoring, for qualified help in a 
wide variety 01 topics. call James 483-
7816. (4115-516) 

Word Processing : Te rm Papers, 
Resumes, Dissertations, RUSH JOBS. 
(20 yoar~) 453-0656 (Leave message: 
promptly answerEld).(4118) 

WORD PROCESSING : Papers , 
reports , dissertations, manuscripts. 
Laser. Lowest Rates! Lu 234-5433.(41 
18-5113) 

MACINTOSH Computer Services: Out-
Of-warranty Repair, upgrades, trouble 
shooting , used equ ipment, more. 
Reasonable rates . ERICTRONICS581-
2339.(4/18) 

Dissertalion services : accomplished 
writer can help you organize, write, edit. 
Reasonable, fast. Tracy Deliman 673-
4330.(4118-4129) 

WANTED 
Need Cash? We deliver I Domino'. 
Pizza is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. If you are 
18 years old, have a valid drivers license, 
auto insurance, an excellent driving 
record, and access to a car, you can : 
Earn up to $101 hr. (total comp.) Enjoy 
the freedom of being on the road, work 
flexible hours . APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
Cl. 452-UCSD. Please apply after 3 
p.m. (111 0-6/6) 

Tired of low wages and long hours? Do 
you want to earn more? (619) 758-
4602. (214-4125) 

I need 200 people desiring wealth 
without the corporate rat race. Call 271 -
4940 for information. 271-4940 (2/7-51 
2) 

ALASKASUMMEREMPlOYMENT--
fisheries. Earn $5 ,000+/month. Free 
transportationl Room and Boardl Over 
8 ,000 open ings . No experience 
necessary. Male or Female. For 68-
page employment manual, send $8.95 
to M&L Research, Box 84008, Seattle, 
WA 98124 - 100% moneyback 
guarantee. (4/4-4129) 

INTERESTED IN $1000 EXTRA PER 
WEEK for stuffing envelopes? Send 
SASE to T and W Publishing, P.O. Box 
654, Corvallis, OR 97339.(4/11-4122) 

SMOG $4 ft 99* CHECK 'J,M. 
plus $6.00 state cart. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

" 011. lube, lilter $14,99' 
• AlC Servtce $19.99' 

" Coolant Service $19.99' 
• TransmiSSion Service $24.99' 
• Brake Special (1 aXle) $59.99' 

• mostara 

caD Auto c.re 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

8680 M~ Rd., illite C 
(behInd~) 

s.n DieIV, CA 12121 (819) 518-2438 

MarketingtManagement. Only excited 
& motivated need apply. Train and 
manage own sales force or sell if you 
prefer, Top people making really high 
wages. Serious inquiries call Mr. Wolfus 
at 457-2980. (4111-4118) 

ASTHMA subjects needed for various 
studies. If you have mild to intermediate 
aSlhma, intermlnent asthma, a history 
of asthma, or exercise-induced asthma, 
are male and over the age of 18, you 
may qualify for research being 
conducted at the Aliergy and Asthma 
Medical a,ovp & Research Center. 
Qualified subjects will be comperl:>atod 
for their time. Please call Lauren at 292-
1144.(4/11-4/22) 

WANTED - Native English speakers 
ages 22-60 as subjects in psychology 
-- memory experiment. Quick, easy 
way to earn $10 (in less than an hour). 
On campus, appointments at your 
convenience. Call Laura - 450-1291 
or 450-9279. (4115-4125) 

COMPUTER TUTOR. PC-compatible, 
Wordperfect, etc. Call Seymour 452-
8887. (4/15-4 /18) 

Federal Government is Hiring. $16,500 
- $62,000 per year. Amazing recorded 
message reveals details. (619) 578· 
2281. (4/15-4/18) 

NOW HIRING qualif ied drivers, 
telephone operators and kitchen help, 
for Southern California's fastest growing 
franchise. In search of ambitious, 
success oriented, team members. Great 
opportunity. 457·8646. (4115-4/25) 

WANTED: Volunteer and internship 
positions available immediately in the 
UCSD public relations/media relations 
office. Administrative a~istance and 
special projects inabusy, exciting office 
setting. Flexible hours, Call Huda 534-
3121 . (4/15-4/25) 

We need two people to serve & tend bar 
at a wedding. Saturday 4127, 4-9p.m. 
$5/HR. Call SilviolCindy 587-7943.(41 
18-4/25) 

We pay CASHII for used Levi's 501'5. 
Call 792-3633. (4/18) 

Entrepeneurs, Make $3000 per month. 
Sell Students of America Sunglasses 
to retail stores. NO INV. REQ. Write 
P.0.Box70, Tualatin, OR 97062.(4/18) 

FOR SALE 
Books for Sale: CSE 175B, 161A, 64, 
Econ 2B. New and Cheapl Contact 
Rick 587-9042.(4/4·4118) 

SUMMER JOBS 
TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT 
EARN $2500-$3500 
National campaign 
positions to SLOp toxic 
pollution, promote 
comprehensive recycling 
and sue the nation's worst 
polluters. Jobs available in 
26 states and D.C. Campu 
interviews April 23,24 
and 25. 
Call Jamie toll free: 
1·800·7S·EARTH 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

Futons and special frames, best price 
and quality, 10 Frame styles, 100 Futon 
inventory. 226-1398. (414-4129) 

Schwinn Racing Bike, 12 speed, black, 
various improvements, awaits your bid. 
Phone Marcel at 276·1960. (418-4118) 

Original 512K Macintosh -- great 
graphics + word/data processing. 
External disk drive + numeric key pad. 
587 -8220. (4/8-4118) 

Scooter -- '84 Honda Aero 125cc 
automatic, top speed 55 mph, runs 
great! Asking $590, Patrick 546-8530. 
(4/8-4118) 

Cute, cuddly puppies for sale. 314 
Labrador, 1/4 Cocker-Spaniel $25.00. 
Available now. Call 268-9732. (4/8-41 
22) 

Honda Scooter in excellent condition 
call 452-2843.(4111-4/18) 

Hi watt lead 30 guilar Amp Head. 50 
watt, all tube design, $300 cash obo. 
(619) 452-6264 .(4/11-4/18) 

FUTONS. 6" Full $60. 6" Queen $65. 8' 
Full $70. 8" Queen $75. Free bedsheet 
with any futon/frame purchase. Roth's 
at 4242 EI Cajon Blvd. For store hours 
call 280-3248.(4/11-4/22) 

Futons: New Queen size 6" futons with 
fr'lme only $107.00. Delivery only 
$15.00.19 dffferent colors. Cal, J"mAS. 
The Futon Guy. 578-9527. (4/15-4118) 

Denon AMlFM cassette Hi Power 25 
Watt many features $200 O.B.O. Call 
John 792-6870. (4/15-4/18) 

Surfboard 6'2" Beenjammin Tri Fin 
rounded squash Good Condition $80. 
Call John 792-6870. (4/15-4/18) 

'88 CANNON DALE Cyclocross wI 
partial Deere XT. 22" Dark Teal . Must 
see $550. Tobin 457-2890. (4/15-4/1 8) 

Binoculars. 9x25. New, pocket size, 
light weight. rubberized. Perfect for 
backpackingltrips with limited space. 
With case. $75 , 944-1050. (4115-4122) 

No Gas Money? Mountain bike good 
condition $80.00. Ten-speed $40.00 
O.B.O. Call 453-7033. (4/15-4/18) 

ProGym hydraulic workout machine thaI 
converts into rowing machine. Good 
Condition. $5010.8.0. Susan 554-0911 . 
(4/15-4/22) 

Set of 4 1980 Supra alloy wheels and 
tires. All for $1 00. Call 546-0450. (4/15-
4/22) 

Want to logon to school computers from 
home without the expense of buying a 
computer? Buy my used terminal and 
modem. I'll help you get started. $2951 
O.B .O. Todd 792-5482. (4/15-4122) 

8088 XT TURBO wI printer 2 floppy 511 
2 & 3 114, monochrome screen $600 
negotiable 581-0740. (4/15-4122) 

COMPUTER-Apple IIGS, RGB Color 
Monitor, Ill)ageWriter II Printer, 3.5 & 
5.25 Drives, Laptop Keyboard, Mouse, 
Software, Best Offer 452-5727.(4/18) 

Macintosh ImageWriter II w/cable, In 
excellentoondition. Only $250 obo. John 
558-0349.(4118) 

Kramer Bass w/Hard Shell case $150 
obo. 558-0725 Arthur.(4/18) 

Schwinn Mountain Bike, 28 inl1 OSpd, 
Shimano Components . Great 
Condition. (Tall People) $190 obo. Alf 
587-8980.(4118-4122) 

Mountain Bike, Bianchi Incline, 21', 
Shimano LX, one month old. $300. 452-
1879.(4118-4125) 

Cheap Car, 1978 Honda Civic 5 spd. 
Sunroof, Stereo,Xlntlmerior.$5750b0. 
558-1 070. (4118,4122) 

SKIS, Head 165 with bindings & poles, 
$60. Elan 175 with bindings & poles, 
$60. 12 Speed bike, $60. 452-2736.(41 
18) 

TOSHIBA T1200HB LAPTOP: 20MB 
HD, 640K RAM, 1-3.5" FD. manuals, 
software , carry ing case, internal 
modemlfax card. $1000 obo, 
Lance:753-4685.(4/18) 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

KAYPRO 2000 LAPTOP , two 3.5" 
drives, 5.25" drive, modem, battery , 
TANDY DMP-2oo PRtNTER $350. 454-
6431.(4/18-4/22 ) 

1982 SUZUKI GL 125. Runs great. New 
tires. Serviced. 4700 miles. Parking 
permit. $450 Tobin 457-2890.(4/18-4 ' 
29) 

$850 Toyota Celica 1977, 5 speed, 
hatch·back, 109,000 miles , leoks 
decent. runs wel l. Call Marc 431-
3702.(4/18·4/22) 

TOSHIBA T1000 LAPTOP 
COMPUTER, 3.5" drive, modem, Light 
weight (6 pounds), software, $350. 454-
6431 .(4/18·4/22 ) 

Springsuit Woman's Small/Dorm·size 
fridge(4,5cft)/Schwlnn woman's bikel 
$50 each. Mssg . 452-8230.(4118-4/22) 

Brand New BOSE AM·5 speakers paid 
$750, make an offer. 270-8918.(4/18-
4(25) 

Dual Cassette Home Stereo wlturn table 
and AMlFM. $55 obo. 558-8026.(4118) 

HOUSING 
Roommate Wanted ! La Jolla Condo 5 
min from school. Your own room & bath 
& parking space. Washer & dryer. 
sauna, hot tub, & pool. 2 people possible 
450/mo + 1/3 utilities. 457-8093. Alex. 
(314-4/18) 

Want to make money while you are out 
oftown this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins and McMahon 
in San Diego. Please call Maria Macias 
at 294-2801 , extension 135 forfurther 
information. (4/1-613) 

Female roommates wanted: Own room 
available in 2 story, 4 bedroom Mira 
Mesa house May 1. $350/month + 1/4 
utilities. Non-smoker, no drugs, and no 
pets. 271 -8349. (4/8-4/29) 

La Jolla: all amenities imaginable: piano , 
pool, nice patio ... great room, female, 
gradlmed, call 597-0250. (4/8-4/22) 

Private room available in nice 4-
bedroom University City house. Only 
$345/month (includes utilities and 
laundry!!) Great location only 8 minutes 
from UCSD. Looking for a responsible 
EZ-going roommate . No drugs , 
smokers, or pets. Contact John, 453-
7159.(4/11-4/18) 

ROOMMATE WANTED! (F) share large 
bedroom. La Jolla Colony, $221 ,25/mo 
+ 1/4 utilities. ASAP 458-1 089. (4/15-41 
18) 

2 rooms for rent $275/mo. include ut i!. & 
laundry. Del Mar after 5 p.m. 792-1348. 
(4115-4/18) 

2 Roommates needed for a 3Bed condo 
in UTC area close to 3 Bus lines. $325 
or $275 to share. 452-7151 .(4/18) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $250 Female to 
share nice 3 bedroom house (own 
room). Patio, piano, fireplace, washerl 
dryer. No smokers , pets, drugs. Call 
Mark or Erica 534-2391 , 534·3383 
(message). (4/15-4/25) 

$420/mo , 100% private Rm-Bath -
Phone and common kitchen . OPEN 
HOUSE every day 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 
4449 Clairemont Drive (east of Regents 
Rd, Near Clairemont Square Shopping 
Center). (4115-4125) 

Single rm . avai!. to nonsmoking female 
for house in La Jolla Colony. $350/mo. 
+ deposit + 1/4 uti!. 3Br, 2 1/2 Ba, 
washerldryer, garage, pool/spa, other 
amenities. Quiet. 587 -8982.( 4/1 8-4125) 

Scripps Ranch , Professional male 
seeks non·smoking roommate to share 
condo. Pool & Jaccuzzi. $350 & 1/2 
utilities and $1 00 deposit. 689-8067.(41 
18) 

Room available at La Jolla Del Soli 1-2 
female non·smokers wanted . $425 for 
one , $255 each for two. Close to 
shopping , campus . Available now! 
Jessie, 535-1352.(4/18-4125) 

For RENT: 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath condo 
with fireplace. Mira Mesa. $850/mo. 
Sylvia 483-0047, (4/15-4/29) 

Room for rent In Mira Mesa. Master 
bdroom for $320 or single for $285. 
Washer, dryer, dishwasher. microwave, 
cable. Large garage, yard . Walking 
distance to mal l. Available 5/1. Steve 
569-7417 .(4118-4/22) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost-Skateboard, winter finals week, 
my only transportation , red, dragon-
bottomed, if found call 436-589B.(4118-
4/25) 

FOUND : Small gold key outside Muir 
Bio on Friday. Call Robin at 270·9220 
or x46580. (4/15-4/18) 

PERSONALS 
STUDY, WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMER!! Info session Tuesday, April 
9 1 :30 - 3 p.m. at the International 
Center Lounge.(4/8-4129) 

Good GODI These personals aren't 
nearly as good as the Koala's are. 
Nyeah! Signed, Monty .(4/18) 

Top 3 least popular traffic schools. 3. 
Crash and Burn Traffic School , 2. Red 
Asphalt Traffic School, 1. The LA Police 
Behavior Modification Traffic School. 
The #1 most populartraff icschool is the 
Highway to Humor Traffic Schoo!. Dayl 
evening classes, PB or Mission Valley, 
260-1954. (4/1·5/4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Graduating? Only 53 days till you wear 
that funny gown. Parents coming? Don't 
even think of another hotel till you call 
the La Jolla Cove Motel. 170 Beautiful 
rooms , wild night-life of Prospect SI. in 
your backyard , world class beauty of 
"the Cove" out your front balcony. 
Expensive? Not. $44.00 UCSD special. 
Obviously these rooms will go fast. It's 
not too early. call 459-2621 or toll free 
(800) 248-COVE. (4/8·4 /29) 

Get out to the beach i.e. The Firehouse 
Beach Cafe. Check out our meal ticket 
in the Guardian. The summer In on its 
way and the sundeck is await,ng your 
arrival! ! Aloha from the Flrehouse.(4 ' 
11·4/29) 

Submissions for Third Literary Journal 
Due 4/19 (Bring to Th ird Dean's office). 
Elephants. (4/15-4/18) 

SPACE, Everyone wants it, Friday 19 
Apri l's the last day to apply. Forms at 
EDNA. (4/15·4/18) 

Happy Earth Day O-Buildlng You 're 
great! Heather·er, Carrie, Cheese·oh, 
Amys, Josephine. Love, Jenny .(4/1B) 

Sigma Kappa Sisters 01 the Week ' 
Suzanne Marks (418-4/14) . Debbie 
Leffert & Monina Nol a(4/15·4/21 ) ... 
CONGRATULATIONS!!! 

Delta Gammas get psyched for Anchor 
Splash I We hope to see everyone there 
-come support the blind & have fun !(41 
18) 

Please give me my black and purple 
Quicksilver sweatshirt back. Hi Jen M., 
Liz. B, Strokin Salami will win softball . 
- Ninja Turtle .(4/18) 

MEAL TICKET 
cr~h()use 
~each~ 

TICKET GOOD FOR 20% DISCOUNT OFF TOTAL CHECK 

SUNDECK & OCEAN VIEW DINING 
722 GRAND AVENUE • PACIFIC BEACH. 272·1999 

Expires June 15, 1991 

CBI11·800·\VIIAT NOW 
(;E()H(;(JI~ & Sll.\~~ 

Auto Accident ll.ttnrr,pv< 

TOMORROW NIGHT at 9 PM 

BATTLE OF THE BANDS 
GREAT FUN FOR ONLY $1.00 

AT ANCHORVIEW 
EVERYONE WELCO~E! 

SELF SERVICE COPIER~ 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday O. (flext to Domino 's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M.F 8'30-6 P m Ex 5 / 18/ 91 
Sat 1-4 p m W'th ucso 10 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

6 cassettes, gel I free CD* • 2 CD's, gel I free CD* 
*on approval • No limit 

Largest used CD inventorv in U,S. • Listening zones 

~ 
=-=-: MUSIC TRADER 

::.=.::~: 7094 Miramar Rd. 693·1469 ~ 5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265·2274 

CHI OMEGA NATIONAL CONGRATULATES ITS 
t 76TH CHAPTER-KApPA LAMBDA OF UCSD. 

WE'RE PROUD AND HONORED 

TO HA VI: YOU AS SISTERS! 

Brandi ANDERSON All ison HAYMAN 
Lisa BINKLEY Tammy HEIMAN 

Yvcrre BOBAY Hope HELLER 
Jennifer BOROD Cristina JORGE 
Susan BYRNE Julie KANG 
Jennifer CAIN Liz KARKUS 
Grace CHANG Jenn ifer KENNEDY 
Jan COHEN Jackie KOLCHINS 
Andrea COMBS Kimberly LANGHAMMER 
Jennifer CULLEN Jacqueline LEHRER 
Emilie DEIBLER Stacy LITTMAN 
Cynthia EVANS Desiree MILLER 
Bathsheba FULTON Jacqueline MILLER 
Tricia GOVIN Catherine MOORE 
Jennifer GRANGE Tanya MUNNECKE 
Cindy HARMON Michelle NICOSIA 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92117 

corner of Balboa & 
Clairemont Dr., next to Lucky 

(619) 483-4853 
67~ N. Broadway 

Escond ido, CA 92925 
Country Corner Shopping Ctr. 
at BrOadway & Washington 

(619) 74505660 

I 

Alexandrea PARK 
Laura PECK 

Kristen RACHAL 
Rachel SCHMIDT 

Larissa SCORS 
Nicki SHIDLER 

Louise SHOEMAKER 

Leigh Ann SIMMONS 
Kristyn SPARKS 

Maria STALLINGS 
Heather STONE 

Carolyn USTACH 
Janet Van HOWE 

Tina VARKEY 

Shanno~ WILCOX 
Kathy WONG 

, 
, 

. 



.' 

, . 

16 SPORTS 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

,SENl>1llEE:HT1IY ON AN8 In'' BY 11 "'HEETOf' 
PAPER A1.()t.iO wml YCJVJI, NAME. VEAR I' SCtlOOL. 
HO«ETOWN. COl~a:;t YOO ATl'E'O AT UC O. "AlOft. 
AND '''0.'£ 'UM8(Jt TO: SI"ORTS EOITOR. UC 0 
GUARDlAN. 9500 GI~""'" OR"'E 0316. LA Jot.I.A. 
CA 92093·0316. Yoo CA' At-"> OROI' IT Ofl' INn<E 
SPOKTS EorroK 'S IJ()X AT TlfE G UAKDIAf- Ot·FICE. 

An 0 INll~e STlJOENT C ENTER, ACROSS f."RO" TIfF 
OYM. 

"WOMAN 10 WOMAN: 
How to Find a Job-

in San Diego or Elsewhere 
Workshop. Thursday. April 25 

6:00 P.M.- 9:00 P.M. 
6910·13 Mirurn.r Rd .. Ie 20 1 

Connie Soher, Harvard MBA, on: 
• real·world ways 10 gell job 
• secrelS of finding hidden jobs 
• finding job< in OIher rilies 
• breaking Lhe 'no experience' 

barrier 
PWS 1= ... icles. SImple resumes. Refresb· 
menU. $59. Sludenl DlKoulll: $39. Bring 
your resume. R" islcrby phone: 

693-6020 
• u.s. SusineJS Communications 

Pasadena area Day Camp 
seeks Strong, Positive, 

Out-golng Role-Models to 
work as group counselors 

with 3-14 year olds and 
as Instructors for horse 
back riding, swImmIng 
and outdoor activities. 
Competitive salaries 

and lots of fun. 
Call (818) 794-1156 

'A~ UCSD !Tl1DI!Hts. STAFF. AND FAClIlTY 
ARE Euo,al£ TO DOU, uCEn FQtl G UARDIAN STAFF 
..... 1tIS AND £Ml'lOYE£S OF 8J ' S CHICAOO 1'IzzulA. 

-THE P£R.SOrrroI WHO COMES liP WrY'H TH.e MOST 
COU£CT ANSW'US, AS DE'1"U.MlNED BV TIlE JUDOES. 
WU Be DEC1.AJlED THE OlANO .... IZE WlNfiEA AND 
WILL ae RECOGNrzED WHEN TItE QUIl IS PRlNTED 1lIE 
FOUDwlN(l WEEk. IN THE EVfJIlTOf A TIE, A OItAWtNO 
WD.J.. 8E KELO TO OETUMINE nm WlNNEJt . THOSE 
COOA£CT EllI'Iue ~ SIUCTED AS THt COANO f'IlIZ.E 
WI.'CNa WlU. IE CONltDEJlEO RUNNW-W' . 

.oNLY Of'toE EPrlTRY vo. PEJl.S()N PO QUIZ. No 
MA5$-",OOUCED ENTRIES ""'u BE ACCEPTED. EmltIES 
MUST 8E AT 'THE GUAADIA;.o BY IIro/ WEDNESDAV. 

-TilE GRANO PRIZE wtNNfJl WIU RECEIVE A fR£E 
DINNEa FOR TWO AT Brs CItICAO() P,ILUIA. 
R UHNfJtS·UP WILL aLC'EIVE A fklL .. 'TOtU Of 
MICHF.1.OB DruFf 8£ER. 0It SOD". AT OJ's, LOCATED 
iN LAJClJ..A V'I..l..ACE.SQuAIU: . A U'fTQFAU.. WI"'US 
WUJ. I E POSTED AT DJ' s £ACt' ..... at: A.'liD wu.:SEJ.S 
f'llLO TO suO ...... loomncATK)N 1'0 l'-t f'UZLS. 

This week' questions: 
I. Who won the AL Cy Young 
award in 1987? 

-~/ 
I 

.:":' 

I . , 
;1 j. \:. 
·1 \ \ 
• \ 

'. (' \ j; , l ./ _ . ~-'fI"'- ~ -.,. 
, _.~'J. .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

2. Who was the winner of last 
year's Kentucky Derby? 
3. Who is the only two-time 
Hei man Trophy winner? 
4. Who was the winner of the 
1985 Stanley Cup? 
5. True or false: The San Diego 
Padres won the L pennant in 
1984. 
6. Who was the number one pick 
in the 1990 NFL draft? 
7. Who won the World Serie in 
19871 
8. True or false: Gabriela Sabatini 
i the top-ranked women's tennis 
player in the world. 
9. What is the nameofthe Toronto 
Blue Jay' old tadium? 
10. Whati therecordoflheUCSD 
oftball team? 

, 

) 
PADR 
TIIREE·GAME 

~l ·MMF.R 
DI ' OUNT 
Willi C()UPON. 

Last week's questions: 
I. Before 1991, when was the last 
time the San Diego Padres won on 
opening day? 1984 
2. Who is th e Vancouver 
Canuck's first-round opponen t in 
the Stanley Cup Playoffs? Los 
Angeles Kings 
3. Who is the manager of the 
Cleve land Indians ? John 
McNamara 
4. Who won the 1991 NCAA 
Divi ion I women's ba ketball 
championship? Tennessee 
5. What was the nickname of 
Detroit Tiger pitcher Mark 
Fydrich? The Bird 
6. Who is currently the highe t-
paid player in ba eball? Roger 
C lemens 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

7. What i the name of the 
Chicago White Sox's new tadium? 
Comiskey Park 
8. Who i the pre ident of the 
Detroit Tigers? Bo Schembechler 
9. True or false: Major league 
umpires are on s trike. False 
10. Name the four member of the 
UCSD women's water polo team 
in the U.S. national program. Jamie 
Dailey, Kristen Larson, Christy 
Parker, Brenda Reiton 

Last week's winner: 
Heath Honon , Warren, Senior, 
Cognitive Science - Torrance 

Runner 's.up: 
Roger Webb, Joseph Liu, Steve 
Saatjian 

2 FOR I AT THE 
YMPHONY' WEEKDAY 

SUMMER POPS CONCERTS. 

- ----",/ 
,": -,.,c-' -' 
. '-

2 FOR t TI KITS FOR 
tNVADER CRL'I~ES' ItARBOR TOIK 

HOMEFED 
liE EASILY 

It isn't hard to have a good time in San Diego. And now we're making 
it even easier If you're a HomeFed checking customer, and have an 
AnytimeCard "or SelectChecking-'" card, you'll get discounts at all 
of these attractions. If you'd like to open up a checking account and 
receive your free AnytimeCard, just stop by any HomeFed branch. 
It makes having fun in San Diego a breeze. 

For ckILlU •• nd restrictions. tee your IocoI HomeFed branch. 0 199t HomeFed Bank. Federol SavIrO\l' Bonk. FDIC Insured . Owr 60 oIliees ond 97 AThIs In San~. 

Thursday, April 18, 1991 

TEAMS 
Continued from page 11 
water polo team has ucceeded in 
many areas where the men' vol-
leyballteam ha n 'I. The watcrpolo 
learn ha. taken the role of the un-
derdog and made it a prime moti-
vator. In 1980 - Head Coach 
Denny Harper calls it the "transi-
tion year" - the mcn'!> waler polo 
team began playing a tough Divi-
sion I schedule. "We would get 
worked." Harpe r said. '·And ]'m 
talking 'ome 8-0 fir t quaner :. 
But in 1981. the experience paid 
off, a, CSD went 16- 10-2 and 
finished 10th in the nation . 

Sincethen,themen's water polo 
team has solidified itself as a na-
tional power. In 1989, the learn 
went 21-14. won Ihe Western 
Water Polo Association Champi-
onship, and participated in the 
eight-team CAA champio nship 
tournament in Indianapolis . 

The men's volleyball team, on 
the other hand , has only recorded 
one above-.500 season ince 1978. 
Last year, the team staned the sea-
on 0-15 against a string of top 20 

opponents. That ameyear-after 
winning the Pacific Coa ·t Volley-
ball Conference, which i com-
prised only of the team s on the 
West Coast not in the WIV A con-
ference: La Verne, Santa Cruz, 
Sama Clara, and Menlo - seven 
non-graduating playe rs did not re-
turn to the team for the 1991 ea-
son. 

Thisyear,the PCVCdidn ' teven 
playa champion hip tournament, 
as Santa Clara and UC Santa Cruz 
were financially unable to make 
the trip to San Diego. The most 
coverage the volleyball team has 
received this year came in an L.A . 
Times anicle about Head Coach 
"Digger" Graybill feeling snubbed 
after SDSU sent its junior varsity 
squad to play UCSD the last two 
times the teams met. On both occa-
sions, the scrubs beat UCSD. 

With roughly 55 schools with 
men's volleyball programs in the 
country, UCSD Assistant Director 
of Athletics Mike Hipp noted that 
"we're in a group almost by our-
selves." Although the UCSD men' 5 
volleyball team has been ranked in 
the top 20 during the past four 
years, it has always had a difficult 
time matching up against larger 
opponents. 

"If you came to one of our 
matche , and didn't know any of 
the players, it would be very clear 
who the Division I players are," 
Graybill said. "[Diviston I play-
er 1 are quicker, stronger, faster, 

and bigger athletes. And I would 
al 0 ay they have the edge in 
experience. " 

Nate Brown, who was voted the 
PCVC Player of the Year during 
his freshman and sophomore sea-
son (1989-90), said that it was 
difficult to keep motivated when 
the Tritons were 0-15. ,· It wasn'l 
like we weren't trying hard. but 
our competition was out of our 
league. It wa~ diffi ' ult playing 
someone like Long Beach. where 
their players were at lea t 6'6" all 
around. The mind-sel was. 'Iel' 
do wei\.' nOI 'Iet' win,''' he said. 

When Brown decided not to 
rejoin the team, Graybill was not 
ompletely surpri sed. "Over the 

years, that has been a phenomena 
that happens to many of our learns 
at UCSD, and we are n good ex-
ample of it, " Graybill said . "Play-
er come in, and playa fair amount 
of time their freshman and sopho-
more years, and the n for some rea-
son decide that they 've had enough 
of volleyball. And maybe it's the 
cominuallosi ng. Thai 's hard . I'm 
a real positive coach and we focus 
on our side of the net, playing on 
our level. But the girls don't care 
who you beat. They ju t want to 
know what your record is .• You're 

" [A move to Division II] 
means we would have the 
potential to be equal to the 

highest teams in the 
nation ... we would have [a] 

greater recruiting pool. 

" scon CRISWELL 
Men 's volleyball asst. coach 

O-15? Nice talking to yo u. '" 
For Assistant Coach SCOII 

Criswell, who was a force on the 
16th-ranked 1986 Triton VOl ley-
ball team, this phenomena trans-
lates into a coaching nightmare. 
" When you have this huge of a 
turnover, it makes the job so much 
harder. When I look back on [the 
1990 season], I have to laugh. It 
was so typical - we had a strong 
team, then lost everyone," he aid. 

Brown attributed the large turn-
over of players to it " being hard to 
put a lot of time into something 
like that. Also, a lotofpeopledidn ' t 
agree with the coaching. There was 
not that much instruction, it was 
more encouragement. There were 
no revelations in practice." Brown 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

, 

Guardian File PhOto 

Nate Brown said that 0-15 records and better athletes made it difficult to stay motivated. 
added thai he personally decided 
toquit the team because hecouldn't 
play, work , and go to school. 

Thi take-it-or-Ieave-it ani tu de 
does not Iran latc well to Division 
I VOlleyba ll programs. According 
to P.E. instructor Ed Machado, who 
started for two Divi ion I N3Iional 
Championship teams at UCLA, he 
couldn't remember a single team-
mate who quit the team becau, e of 
a ti me-management problem. "We 
were never worried about academ-
ics. If you quit it was because you 
didn'llike the coach, yo u weren't 
eligible, you Ihought yo u weren't 
getting enough playing limc, or 
you flunked out," he said. 

At times, Harper probably 
wishes that he shared a few of 
Graybill's problems with non-re-
turning players. Harper aid that 
he average roughly 50-60 guys 
trying out for the IS varsity and 15 
junior varsity spot every year. And 
Harper added that anybody who 
doesn't make the team is invited to 
play for his Sunset water polo club 
in the spring. HWe don't turn any-
body back who wants to play. Many 
of the player on the lower teams 
are spas ti c and terrible, but they 
have fun , and I have fun." 

While Harper admits that dur-
ing the season he trains his leam 
extremely hard, he says that few of 
hi s players quit because of burn-
OUI. "I am so conscious ofil. At the 
level we play, however, we will 
have a kid make the IV team, then 
reach a poim where he is above the 
JV team , but can't make varsilY. 
But we have had guys who played 
four years of JV water polo and 
were weli-respected and factors in 
the program, like John Sklut, who 
passed down a lot of infonnation 

10 new players," he said. 
Jason·'Tunle" Brown. who was 

Ihc WWPA MVP and the Triton!> ' 
first NCAA All-American (second 
team. 1989). said that il is di fficull 
not to be motivated for the ·cason 
because of Ihe con ' talll compeli-
tion. which adds up 10 35-40 games 
a season. Brown and fellow seni r 
Greg Goodrich decided to redshil1 
this. ea. on to allow the res t of the 
young team to gain valuable expe-
rience before playing their final 
casons. " I was :t1so concenlrating 

more on my academics," Brown 
said. ··And Greg wanted to end his 
water polo career at UCSD wi th an 
ideal year. Ii was best for both ofu ' 
to wail." The 1990 team 5t i II came 
on trong , only 10 10 e a heaJ1-
breaker 10 U Los Angeles in the 
WWPA semi-fina ls. 

Because of hi::. team 's s ucces~, 
and the annual opponuni lY 10 
qualify for an au tomatic bid for the 
NCAA championship by winning 
the WWPA. Harper doesn' t be-
lieve a move to Division f1 will 
affect his program. " II doesn ' l 
changeourschedule,ourfacilities. 
or going to the NCAA . It only 
changes my abililY to give our ath-
letes ·olTle financ ial aid, which will 
probably make recruiting easier. 1 
do advocate the move to Division 
II, but more for the other programs 
on campus," he said. 

One program that would defi -
nitely benefit from thi s move is, 
surprise, surpri se, the men's vol-
ley ball team. " It would make a 
hl/lie difference in our program," 
Criswell sa id . "Because of NCAA 
restrictions on men's volleyball 
scholar hips. Division I teams are 
only able to giveorsplit up five full 
!>cholarships to Iheir players. As a 

Division II school, under NCAA 
regulations. we would also be able 
to provide fiv<.: full sch lar~hips. 
Thai mean ' we would have Ihe 
potenlialto be equal to the highest 
learns in Ihe nalion. When you 
couple that with our location and 
academics, \V' wou ld have an in-
cr<.:dibly greater recruiting poo\." 

" In my seven years at UCSD. 
thcrc were so Illany players that 
were close to coming to San Diego 
and were going to walk-on. bUI we 
couldn ' t gi ve them books and tu-
ilion. And I 'm convinced Ihat was 
the fa tor for them dec iding 10 go 
sOlllewhere else. Thcy had been 
academically accepled to the 
school, they lik cd Ihc school , but 
they needed some help financially. 
Those are the kind of impact play-
e rs th,,[ would begin 10 turn our 
program around," Graybill aid. 

Lawrence W erner. one of three 
players who returned to the 1991 
Triton squad. said Ihat he saw 
changes in the composition of this 
year's volleyball t<.:am as opposed 
10 the 1990season. "We are 'olidi-
fying well and have sOOlC genuine 
friendships fonning. This year we 
were a lot more balanced. When 
we beat UC Irvine la Division I 
program I at the end of the season, 
we played like a cohesive learn. 
There is no way we could·vc done 
Ihal back in February." 

Graybill said that he will be 
holding individual meetings to find 
o ut who will be back for next year. 
As hesat in his office - hi s feet up 
on the desk - Graybill looked 
over hi s ro~ter. naming player after 
player, and finally remarked, "I 
imagine that everyone's going to 
be coming back.· ' Someone knock 
on wood. 

Mlill1MI1il CYCL:S 
UCSD SUMMER 

SPECIAL 
SALES • SERVICE • APPAREL & ACCESSORIES 

SAME DAY PERSONALIZED SERVICE ON MOST REPAIRS 
MOTORCYCLE INSURANCE AVAILABLE 

MILITARY & STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

250/0 OFF ANY size storage unit 
at 

MOTORCYCLES 
• SCOOTERS 

• WATERCRAFT 
w~h this ad 

':'t 
.;. N 

UC 
II 

• 
La Jolla Village Dr. 

• 

I 

• .. 
8192 Mram. Rd. 

• alClboI 

Miramar Rd. 

• 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

549-0500 

• ATV'S 
AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR 

9555 BLACK MOUNTAIN RD. WET-BIKE & SEA FLASH 
"IN MIRA MESA" 

578·7510 
MON.-FRI. 8·7 ' SAT. 8-4 ' SUN. 10·4 

WE SELL 
QUALITY USED 
MOTORCYCLES 



18 T he UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 18, 1991 

SO F 18 AL L 

RATINGS 
As of April 15-Tax Day 4. Slid It In 2.<J 

5. Phlrs Pnme PIC 2·0 
TEAM flEe. 6. Fermented Boob JUIce 1·0 

7. Astro·Turfs 1.<J 
MEN'S 'AAA' a. Bucket Heads 1·0 
1. Smack Squad 2·0 9. SWin~lng Stngles 1·0 
2. Choke 0·0 10. We ot Dravecky 1·0 
3. No Fat Chicks 1·0 
4 Meatheads 1·0 COED 'M ' 
5. Makin' J 1·0 1. Mo' BeUer Batters 2·0 
6. Team PI kapp 1·0 2. Sleepin Around 1·0 
7. Sliding Drabos 1-1 3. Big Sticks And Rick 1·0 
a. A Filled Up 1·1 4. Shooters 2·0 
9 Grand Sam 1·1 5. Lazy & IrresponSible 1·0 
10. Captain Fogcul1ers ()'O 6. Glove Me Up 1·0 

7. Bats From Hell 1-1 
MEN'S 'M ' a. Vios 'N Goys 1·1 
1. Meister Chow 2'() 9. New Jack Team ().O 
2. Larry'S Labia Lappers 1'() 10. Boogers ().O 
3. Surf Beat 1'() 
4. No Mo So 1'() COED 'A' 
5. Basse Lopes 1·0 1. InserltOnal 2·0 
6. Return 01 Chachl 2·0 2. Boob & Balls 2·0 
7. Badnad 1·0 3 Toasted 2·0 
a. Long Bailers 1·0 4. Love Gloves 2·0 
9 Rectal Rockets 1·0 5. Swampmasters 2·0 
10. E6.7.8 1·0 6. Surfing Monkeys 2·0 

7. Pharm Team 1·0 
MEN'S 'A' a. Hmmmm Babies 1·0 
1. Last Place 1·0 9. Norm 2·0 
2. D.l.C. 2·0 10. Flebermaus 2·0 
3. Ask Usa 2·0 

NOTES 
As usuat the most popular sport in Intramurals has maxed out again. A 
record 250 teams. It's great to get out and hit the ball around, get 
some sun and basically enjoy li fe ... Some great highlights and 
low lights in softball from last week: Certainly the number one low light 
happened in Men's ·AM'. These are the top players on campus. One of 
the players in particular has come to the 'Big U' with outstanding 
c redentials. His name is Joel York. Joel came to UCSD as a top baseball 
prospect. He was even rumored to have had a try~ut with the New York 
Mets. But you never would have known that to be true had you seen 
him play last Sunday. What a game. Poor Joel couldn ' t hit the ball to 
save his life. He had the embarrassing unheard of hat trick; that is he 
struck out three times. He just couldn' t make contact. He actually tried 
to hit the ball but he whiffed a total seven times without hitting the ball. 
If that wasn 't bad enough his bad luck carried to the field where he 
couldn't catch a cold. He matched his hat trick at bat by making three 
errors in the field . What a day Joellit can only get better big 
guy .. . Also in that same game one Mr. Tim Rapp, Mr. Marque Boy, 
Golden Boy, or whatever you t all him also took the big collar. He had 
the biggest whiff for a strike out this reporter has ever seen. God, was it 
ug ly!! ... A highlight was the perfomnance of Roy Harrell. His perfor· 
mance may never be matched. Only Dave Winfield comes close but even 
his performance does not match up. Roy hit three grand slams in one 
game. Whew! That's hard to believe ... Don't forget in Coed the 'M ' 
leagues are actually 'AAA' and the top two teams in the 'A' league will 
move to 'M ' and the 3 & 4 teams will be the 'A' playoff teams. 

Hockey Players Invade 
UCSD RecGym 
Thi Friday and Saturday UCSD' ery own Rec· to our rightful pol of holding up vi toriously the 

Hudapold Cupat the end of the t umament. UCSD had 
won five years in a row until our cro town rival U. 
of San Diego tole the title f rom u in ovenime la t 
year. 

reallon Gym make It' yearly tran fonnation into 
the RECKER DOME, home of the best Floor Hockey 
in the country. The Rec Gym becomes home of the 
10th Annual ational Floor Hockey Tournament. 
Teanl from all over the country gather to find out 
who th be t of be t i .. Thi year we have tearn 
coming from a far away a Louisiana to pan icipate 
in our tournament. 

Our quad thi s year will be led by the tellar goal-
tending of Shawn ' Sprout ' Stingley. H w ill behelpcd 
out by the talent Mil..e Livitin who has already been 
elected to the UCSD Floor H key Hall Of Fame. 
Don't think the e two are the only rca on we will win 
this year. There i Malt Carl on, Tom Gould. Malt 
Caplan. Is ac 'Mathou la' Kim and many more stars 
that will have to play to their peaks to win the big one. 

The action I a good a any King game you' ll ce 
on T . V.. TIle e guy can rcally play the game of 
h kcy. If you didn't know that they weren't playing 
on icc and thatthelrunifonn weren' t Black and Gray 
you'd think you were at the Forum . lithe equip-
ment from fu lly equipcd goalie to glovc nying are 
e ident. Yep, it' fast pa cd real hock ey. 

Games will be played all day Friday and Salurday 
with Friday being a Day of round robin play and 
Salurday being the champion hip roundofsingleelimi-
nal ion play. Thc finals will be played Saturday at 
5:00p.m .. All eating i fir t come first erved with no 
admis ion charge. But make ure and come early 
becau e we expect all game 0 be tandin room only. 

UC 0 will be reprc ented by an AII ·Star team 
elected by the Guardian Spons staff and the Intra· 

mural Staff. They did a lo t of cOUling and tabulating 
and came up with a combination that hould return u 

~U) 
-... 

!01 
u 

milit 
... 

Q 
en 
U 
:::a 

~ Over-the-Line, Volleyball Doubles 
Hey, It ' s Spring quarter and that mean~ it ' time to go to the beach and 

start working on that tan. We have a great way to combine working on a tan 
and having a great time. Yep, it's UCSD' s version of beach mania, the 
Beach Spons Fe tiv;! 1. Thi s fe tival will feature IWO of San Diego' mo t 
popular spons, Over·The· Line and Coed Beach Volleyball Doubles. Both 
pon lend them elve to having a great time. Perfect for the beach . 

The Over-The· Line tournament will feature divi ion in Men ' . W omen 
and Coed. The game for tho e who have never had lhe opportunity to play 
I three per on softball played with no runntng. Ah, that sounds great for the 
lazy at heart. But don' tlet that fool you, it's not a easy as it ound . But 
you will find that out. 

The volleyball pan of the fe tival is sci f explanatory. It ' double 
volleyball! An added feature to the festival will be T·Shins given to all the 
participants. Along with the great weather and the chance of ome fun 
competition, how can you beal this event. 

Sign·up arc now being accepted down at Canyonview. So get yourself a 
team and come on down 10 Canyonview and ign your quad up for some 
un and orne fun! ! 

SAND VOLLEYBALL 
The newest sport on the block s.nct Volle,.,... Is ebout to pt 

underwey. The IupN .. Nt _ the lUll Is IhInInc; 11\ tMt Is left 
Is for ...... to bliln tills Monday the 22nd. In Its ucond ,...., 
NIICI volle,.,..'. tum out Is double of last yura'.. We Uve 40 
/II1II'., 11 coed, IIId 4 wemen' ...... 1 I. this DannevIk's faIIt? 

Now tMt ft4IttthInC Is c:ompIete, let us upUte you on the fonNt 
01 phIy. AlI1O-te1lll tucuM (III men and FROHOFF coed) will pley 
20 minute 0115 III pmn, wlllc:heYer COIMI first. The a.tum 
HOVLAND IeIlIJII wlH lAY 30 minute or 15 pt ....... whichever 
comes tim. And the women, they _ to .,.., 2 out of 3 ..... to 
15 paints. , 

WIIetNa thlIls • cIIfteNnt fomUIt from last ye.-, we believe tMt 
the timed ...... wllllIIIow lor ~ O¥erlll pUyIn& time. Sclled ..... 
........... .t Canyonvtew. " you .. unable to lAY 0lIl week, all 
tile oppoainI atptIIna .. c.n,emtew (1144411l1li., &pm). aoon 
• pGIIibIe and Nt • time up to make the ..... up. 

Hope JOU all Uve fun In tile "'" .. the NnII1 

UCSD SPECIAL I • ~ Costa Verde Center 
_IDEO GALLERY AI"' • 

Bigge 1 ELECTION in the area • FREE Parking 
NEW: WILD AT HEART . HENRY AND JUNE 
• MILLER 'S CROSSING . SIBLING RIVALRY 

• BONFIRE OF THE VANITIES 

Bring this ad to Rent One Movie and 
get a Second Rental FREEl 

MonOay !hili Thursday. uP"" 4/ 25/ 91.. 

• ~IMIII 1fiiB.... 8873 Villa L1JoUa Dr. *. 
...... La}olla Vii/age Center r..;J : Q~ 
~~JJ~ 455.0662 ~~~_/ S-JI~JI,. ~ 

r------,--------r.------, 1'3°0 1$2°0 . , 1 00· I 1 oH .n, I oH a.,. oH •• , I 
1 LARGE I MEDIUM • SMALL I 

8750 Gelll!lo in the Co ta V rd liter near oup Exchange . 450-1 766 :"'11&_ ~/J.P!I~ _ ~rJ'pJIM_ ~9J 
Hours: un.-Thurs. II am-9 l,mlFr i.- ' at. 11 am-IO pill 


