
• OPINION 
The 1990-91 academic 

year was one marked by 
peace, war, and peace again. 
1bere were prote ts, racial 
tensions, conspiracy 
theories, accusations, and 
grand political events. The 
Opinion section lroks back 
at 1990-91 , and brings you 
some of the year's most 
volatile wordsIPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
With melodrama. love, 

and death, V A professor 
Eleanor Antin's film has 
everything - except sound. 
According to Antin, her film 
is silent because silent films 
are "much more interesting" 
than talkiesIPAGE 7 

.HiATUS 
Parrots, Crowes. and 

Fish. If these are your 
favorite musical animals, 
then slap me some Skin and 
open to HiATUS for the 
Black Crowes, Jimmy 
Buffett, Celebrity Skins, and 
FishbonelPAGE HI 

.SPORTS 
In the last of a ~part 

series, the Guardian takes a 
look back II Spring Quarter. 
Among the highlights were 
a second straight national 
title for women' s water 
polo, a last-second charge 
by golf at the national 
championships, and a third-
place fmish by women's 
tennisIP AGE 14 

INDEX ... 
UC News ................... 2 
Opinlon ...................... 4 
Features .................... 7 
Hiatus ......••......•...... H1 
Sports ...................... 14 

SAAC Votes Against 
Admittance of LGBA 
• Group vows to try again next year 

Working Man - Third College sophomore Tim Tominna 
searched for a summer job at the Career Center Wednesday. 

By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Wri ter 

The tudent ffi rmative tion 
ommitteedenied the Lesbian. Gay, 

and Bisexual s iution admit-
tan e as an hon rary S mem-
ber aft ~r a dose ote la. t Wednes-
da . 

LGBA, however. has been re-
quested to try aga in ne t year after 
the is ues have been more fully de-
bated. 

"I'm not looking at [the v tel as 
a defeat." said LGBA Internal Af-
fairs Ofr. er Dav id Zingarclli . "It's 
something we' ll pick upagai n in the 
fall. " 

Zingarelli said the limited time 
for debate at the end of this ye<lr 
made f:J rt her (bcus~ion ne ·essary. 
He ~aid that, after a d ~e vote, next 
yenr'~ AA hair Juan s torga 
en ouragcdmembe~ tovoteagai lht 
the admi!>~lon of the LGBA. 

"I really think. given the ircum-
stances. that [Astorga! did what he 
had to d ." Zingarell i ~aid . " But I 
have high hopes for next year." 

Explaining how more time could 

help the debate. L BA Illternal 
. ffairsOfticer handan RedJy said 
an fricanAmerican tudent III n 
meeting could have accompli\hed 
more had 'ommunicalion been 
better. 

" I thin\... Ihtlt my plcsence at the 
;\AS was n t as effective a ' I 
wish it had been." Reddy \aitl ... My 
presentat ion had a lot Orna\\ \. and 
their prcsentati n had a I t of flaws 
- ther('~v!!re :.t lot of miscon 'ep 
tions before and dunng the meet 
ing." 

Allowing more tllllC for com-
munication. untle~tLmdll1g between 
organ izations could be promoted, 
Reddyadded." ext year. ommu-
nication is really the \...ey:· he said 

According to one mem-
bcr. several is\ue~ \,velC tak.en II1to 
considerall n by the four SAAC 
orgalllzations: tht' \f1ll an Amen 
can tudent mOil . the Oi ablcd 

tudent Union I\1 m Illllcnto 
Estudiantil 11Il:ano de \111 .111, ,tnd 
the Women'~ Re\oulce Center. 

Major issue,> 1m I uded the 
See LGBA , Page 3 

A.S. Votes Not to Override Orozco's Veto of Pay Increases 
• Presidential appointment of UCSA representative is rejected by the council 
By Sheryl Wolcott majority needed to pass, even if the weeks instead of 30, due to the extra "The A.S. counci l did make a 
Staff Writer other seven votes supported it. work required over the summer. deci ion ... it's really important that 

A.S. councilmembers failed to The council then approved sti- At the May 22 A.S. meeting, the you think about it," said Warren 
register enough votes ye terday to pend increases to take affect begin- council had approved stipend in- College sophomore senator Pon-
override A.S. President Agustin ning with the 1992-93 council. creases which would become effec- cho Guevara. who co-authored the 
Orozco's veto of pay rai es for A.S. When the 1992-93 councilmem- tive on July I, thereby raising the override propo al. "I don't thin\... 
officials. bers take office in the spring of next alarie of tho e currently in office. you should feel pressured by out-

The A.S. called an open roll year, the A.S. president will receive Following that meeting, Orozco side force or other membe~ of the 
vote, which gave members until $ 1 OOa week ratherthan $75,and the vetoed the stipend increase proposal, council. You should vote how you 
Friday at 4:30 p.m. to record their vice presidents ' weekly salary will aying that he did not think it was feel, " he advised. 
vote. increase from $60 to $80. Addition- right for the council to vote in rai e Also at last night's meeting, the 

During last night 's A.S. meet- ally, commissioners and ex-officio which will affect members of the council held a closed se. ion be-
ing, the vote stood at eight in favor officers will be paid $60 in tead of same council. fore rejecting Orozco's appoint-
and 10 against the override, with $40 a week, and assistant 'weekly Before voting on the override, ment of former commissioner of 
seven votes unrecorded. It would pay will increase from $30 to $40. several council members urged Academic Affai rs Gloria Corral as 
not have been possible fOrlhe over- In addition, the commis ioner of members to vote on the basis of their the UCSD representative to the 
ride proposal to gain the two-thirds programming will be paid for 40 own judgement. See A.S. , Page 3 

LHerature Professor's Excellence to be Rewarded 
• Steven Cox will receive Distinguished Teaching Award 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

In just twenty-five years, UCSD has grown 
into one of the nation's preeminent research 
institutions. Many students fear that that growth 
has come at the expense of their undergraduate 
education; they believe that the faculty sees 
teaching as little more than a "necessary evil." 

While this may be true of some profe sors on 
campus, there are a number of professors who 
think the teaching of undergraduate students is a 
priority that should not be ignored. Literature 
Profe sor Stephen Cox is one of them. 

Later this month, Cox will be recognized for 
his devotion to his student when the Alumni 
Association awards him with their Distinguished 
Teaching Award. The award marks the third time 
Cox has been awarded teaching at UCSD. He 
was named "Outstanding Teacher of the Year" 
by Revelle College graduates in 1985 and 1989. 

Cox considers the recognition he has received 
for his teaching a great honor, but does not view 
his efforts as anything extraordinary. 

''I'm probably a little more interested in un-
dergraduate education than a significant portion 
of the faculty , but there are those who are more 
interested in it than I am," he said. 

To many of the students who have studied 
under him, however, he has no equal. Peter 
Nakaji, a 1989 graduate who is currently enrolled 
at UCSD Medical School, echoed the views of a 
number of his fellow classmates. 

"Even though I went into medicine, [Cox] 
was the best professor I had. He affected the way 
I think more than any other instructor at UCSD," 
he said. 

According to Nakaji, talking to Cox was like 
talking to a peer, as the two would often spend 
hours talking about material that wasn't pertinent 
to any particular course. In talking to the profe -
or, he was con tantly being motivated to think, 

Nakaji said. 
According to Revelle College Provost Tom 

Bond, itisCox' acce sibilitythat has made him 
so popular among hi students. Cox offers ex-
tended office hours and meeting wi th tudents for 

Stephen Cox 
lunch to discuss their ideas, which is remarkable 
in light of his schedule. In addition to his tea h-
ing re pon ibilities, Cox i kept bu y by his 
research and admini trative effort . 

See COX, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAtviPUSES 
Riverside Chancellor Schraer to 
Retire After End of Next Year 

RIVERSIDE - UC Riverside Olancellor Rosemary 
Schraer will be retiring at the end of next year. due to 
mandatory retirement regulations. 

Schroer recently announced to the UCR Academic 
Senate that, because she will tum 67 on Aug. I, she must 
vacate her position by the following July in accordance 
with university policy. 

Her successor will be chosen by UC President David 
Gardner, with the assistance ofa campus comminee. The 
advisorial comminee will include the UCRegents, faculty 
members, two students, and a member of the staff. 

Gardner will be given a number of candidates by the 
committee, and then he will make a reconunendation to 
the regents for final approval. 

According to university officials, a new chancellor is 
usually found in six months to a year. 

Schraer has been chancellor since 1987, when he 
filled the posi tion vacated by Theodore Hullar, who left to 
become the chan ellor at UC Davis. 
Second Round of Demonstrators 
Against ROTC Arrested at Davis 

DA V1S - Seven female anti-ROTC demonstr,lIo 
were arre~ted for blocking the doorway to the campu 
ROTC office afieranonviolcntwomen'~ prote tonMay 
24. The incident wa the t!c lid demon:,trntion again t 
ROTC to result ill arrest~ ill Ie s than rw week . 

Anti-ROTC aClivisu held a imilar demonstration 
May 17 in which four arrc~ts were made. 

Before the arreSL~. approximately 25 members of 
Women Against Militarism sat in a circle outside the 
ROTC offices to discus ' their grievances with ROTC-
sanctioned mi litarism and the policy which denies homo-
sexuals participation in tht! program, 

Marci Laughlin, one of the organizers of the protest, 
said she was "tired of cooperating" with a system that has 
"brainwashed" people into thinking there is a need for 

The UCSD Guardian 

militari m, 
After being warned by police 10 disperse from the steps of 

the ROTC building. most of the demonstrators moved away. 
The seven who remained were arresred and charged with 
unlawful assembly, 

Protest organizers have said that !hey intend to make the 
demonstrations regular occurences. 

I 

(fCSD JPS 
NEWS IN BRIEF 

Student Health ServIces Offer Care 
For Students Over the SUmmer 

This summer the Student Health Service will be available 
to all undergraduates, graduates, and medical students who 
paid the student registration fee for the spring quarter of the 
1990-91 academic year for a one-time fee of$35.00, The fee 
provides services from June 17, 1991 to September 18, 1991. 

Services available are those regularly covered during the 
academic year such as primary care, urgent care, Women's 
Clinic, and in-house laboratory and x-ray. 

The fee is not required for the use of the Phannacy, Dental 
Services, and Optometry. lbose are available as usual on a 
reduced cost. fee-for-service basis, 

The Student Limited Insurance Plan (SUP) is not in effect 
during the ummer. Undergraduates are encouraged to enroll 
in the Voluntary Insurance Plan (VIP) to obtain coverage for 
outpatient ervices uch as emergency room use, special 
laboratory and x-ray procedures, and special i t consullations, 

Continuous in urance enrollment is al 0 nece 'sary to 
prevent diagnosed and treated conditions from becoming 
ubject to the "pre-exi ring condition" exclusion, 

Summer VIP costs $167,00; the enrollment deadline is 
July 17, 1991. 

Graduate and professional students who were enrolled in 
GSHIP for the spring quarter of the 1990-91 academic year 
will retain their benefits under that plan until September 19, 
1991. 

Summer session students who were not regularl y enrolled 
on a University of California campus for the spring quarter 
may obtain service on a fee-for-service basis. For additional 
infonnation call 534-3300orvisit the Student Health Service. 

• The temperatures 
for Friday, Saturday, 
and Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

• Weather outlook: 

PllClftc 0cNn 

ClwlaVllta 
72-70-68 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

FRIDAY THROUGH SUNDAY 
Night and morning low clouds with 
sunny afternoons , 
Partly cloudy in the beach areas, 

Source: Witbur Shigehara . Nationat Weather Service 

Thursday, Tune 6, 1991 

II~,£~~ 
.acr ••. ~.,»JI~ I Q ~ ~ I ~ -~ .,'.~' "--~ 

Complied by Kent Korzon, Senior StIJ" Wrner 
...., .. ., .•. 
11:2f) am.: A SUIIri IIJI)OIIIId the IheI 011 ~ tan the Price C4ner. l.oIs: 

$2.(m 
3:46 p.m:.A San !l91.Ji9ad repotI8d ..... 01 a ~ 110m a 

lJtQ.IMI \1IIIIide II" SIC saMoI vri lIIIIII: s:m . 
3:46p.m.: A siICIIIt NpOfIiId Ihe IheI 01 COs 110m the Wnn ~ Loas: 

$Q2. 

ltuIdIr, Illy 3D: 
1:14 p.m.: A .... 18pOII8d the thai 01 a bityd8 tan ~ lll'Is: $350. 
4 .. ,0 p.m.: A SUIIri I8pOII8d the !haft 01 a badipldllIom the ~ 

IlooIcsIoIa L.aas: $22). 
4.a5 p.m.: 00l0P0 I8IJIOIIded 10 a tupy alarm lithe CemI CasIiers 0Ice 

lII1I bIlIh IIOIt ciIor ~ 
10 p.m.: A .... 18pOII8d h ... 01 a jacMI tom h Price CerIa GimIrooIn 

L.oes: $15. 
1'IIdIy, .. 31: 
7:40p.m.: A .... 18pOII8d Ihe theft 01 a 1968 Ford ~ lll'Is: $2.400. 
10:05 p.m,: A sUlaIt reported !he M 01 a bicycle from MlII1IMe GaIery. loss: 

$310, 
SIUdIy, .II1II1: 
9:45 am.: A aJdeR reported t:upy 10 a II8Iide In ld 354. Properly damage 

ka;$t75-
1:49 p.m.: A aJdeR I8JXlIIed turjIty 10 a II8Iide In ld 1000lll'Is: $250. 
2:20 p.m.: A sUlaIt RIpCIIIId turjIty to a II8Iide In ld t02. Loss: S101l. 
3 f!IrI.: A .... 18pOII8d ~ 10 a veIide In lJ:Il02.loss: $40. 
SinIIr, .II1II2: 
8:31 a.m.: A 37,yeII'-otl IOI-afliale was ~ (or 0lASIarlcf01I wcrr.ns.1hen dallll1l ___ 
9:58p.m; A studerf Iaponed Ihe theft 01 a t985 Toyota Sl4n iom ld IDe. loss: 

$7,500. 
11:55 am.: A st;4f manter mponed the theft 01 a ~er lII1Ilaser p!iter hom 

(key Hal. loss: $9,'100. 
12:24 p.m.: A SII.IdIn reported the theft 01 a stereo receMlr all COs from an 

unseoJred It'ird CdIege Ap.:Wnent. loss: $350. 
MandIIy, .JuIw 3: 
2:45 am.: A 1990 Elgin streeIsweeper coIided with a 1989 AcJra in Let 104. 
7:45 am.: SDPD I9COo'eIIld the TO)'OOI Sl4n SIOIen on Jtre 2-
8:15a.m.: A corosIJ\don worker suffered !rom bnised rbs all a lac:era!ed tIin 

aft!,( f3Ing Itwoql a hole in the roo/ altho Stephen Birth ~m siIe. 
10 a.m.: A stalf manter reponed Ihe tllf9aIY 01 a laser pOW iom the AeYeIe 

I'roYosI Ob, loss: $t.746. 
1125 am.: A SIUdert reported the ~ 01 a Slereo from a locked vel1cle in ld 

102. loss: $250. 
I:1SP.lT'..: A IOI-a1IIaIe reported !he theft o~ a 1986 TIl'(ct!l hom ld 005. 
1:55 p.m.: A SIUdert f9IXlIIed the Iheft 01 a bicycle 110m III frort 01 USB. Loss: 

$410. 
T~, .II1II,: 
12.a5 am: A female Slooan althe Thin:! cbms Il!pOf1ed receiving anroyirYJ and 

obI!cene phone ails (rom ill UrMlMl pe!SOII. 
1125 am.: A c:onslJuI:i:IfI worker repotI8d!he !haft 01 vaiws equipmerd from the 

Mesa ApII1rnErt Day Care Certer c:onslJuI:i:IfI site. 

GUARnIAN 
PHtL GRUEN, Editor In ChI« 
ROBIN MACLEAN, lfBnBgIng Editor 
LES BRUVOlD, AuocIete $po"" Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, As90clllte Featutes Editor 
JAMES COWER, 0e$1gn Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, AssocllIte News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AssocllIle News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, AssocllIte Am Editor 
HEAntER HOLTZCLAW, AssocllIte Spons Editor 
CHRtSTINA HUIZAR, ArtsIEntettalnment Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENNFER KOLSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associste Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssocIate Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELL, News Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Features Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, Arts/Entetta/nment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Business M8flll(lfIf 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Mtlnl/flflf 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Adverrlslng Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIlI .. ItI«l Reprtlstlnttltlvtl 

~ I11III_ ...... : Tom s.:tor... Doog Shaddlo 
Acho<IIoi1g~: L ....... BoIor9o, Oo/looICaM. Paoio VaIocI:lIi:j 
Ci!tuIoIIon: IlonoI CaM, ="" L. Mrv Li1 

Thursday, June 6,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Aguilar Receives 130/0 of Vote 
In Chula Vista Mayoral Elections 

cox 
Continued from page 1 

Cox said he i now in the process of fini hing a 
book about the philo ophical views of William Blake, 
an eighteenth century thinker and writer, and begin-
ning research for a new project on I abel Paterson. a 
cla ical liberal thinker who died in 1961. 

By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD DirecrorofSpecial Ser-
vices Nick AguilariostTuesday's 
Chula Vista mayoral election to 
Chula Vista City Councilman Tim 
Nader. who recllived 36.05 per-
cent of the vote. 

Aguilar recei ved 13.20 percent 
of the vOle. He ranked fourth in Ihe 
election, behind Nader, Frank 
Scott , who received 20.73 percent, 
and Chri Chase, who received 
16.94 percent of the votes, 

There were eleven candidates 
for mayor and 15,984 voters. 

Aguilar has served as a mem-
beroftheChula Vista chool board 
since 1983. Inhi careeratUCS D, 
Aguilar began what is now the 
Education Outreach Program, i a 

A.5. 
Continued from page 1 
UniversityofCalifomiaStudent As-
sociation (UCSA), by a three to 17 
vote, with three ab tentions. 

The UCSA is a tudent lobby 
group to the state legislature, and the 
position of UCSA representative is 
considered one of great respon ibil-
ity. 

According to Vice Pre ident Ad-
minislrative Mike Holmes, during 
the clo ed se sion, councilmembers 
"generally discussed if hewasquali-
fied .... The only thing that council 
can di cu i if omeone i quali-
fied." 

He explained that other candi-
dates cannot be a con ideration in 
the council 's decision on a presiden-

Mayoral Candidate Aguilar 
member of MECllA, and has been 
a tively involved in the recruit-
mentof tudent ofcolortoUCSD. 

Had he won the e lection , 
Aguilar would have had to leave 
his position at SD and on the 
school board, 

tial appoil1lment, 
Upon learning of the decision. 

COITal reported that she was di 'ap-
pointed. but "not very surprised." 
Corral indicated that he had an "idea 
of the politic " involved in the deci-
sion, but would not disclose any de-
tails. 

While Corral acknowledged the 
qualifications of the candidate run-
ning again t her, fonner A.S. Presi-
dent John Edson and Lobby Annex 
Director Heather Gold, she sa id, " I 
really feel I am a very qualified can-
didate, If they re-open the application 
proces [for UCSA representative], 
rtl probably be the first person to 
ign up again. ,. 

Orozco will appoint an interim 
representative until a permanent ap-
pointment is made next fall. 

In addi tion to his research, Cox has also taken an 
active role in the dev lopmentofthe university and its 
undergraduate program, He served for two years a. 
chair of the UCSD Academic Senate Comminee on 
Educational Policy_ and will serve in the same capac-
ity for the the university-wide commillee, 

Perhap' Cox's devotion to undergraduate educa-
tion can best be seen in tne work he has done with the 
Revelle Humanities Program, After bec ming direc-
torof the program in 1980, Cox led the revamping of 
its tructure, According to Bond, C x 's methoru have 
helped to e tablish it as a very succe sful writing 
program whose model has been emulated at Third and 
Fifth Colleges. 

The Revelle program. one of the most rigorous and 
demanding at UCSD, is often pr.lised for the manner 
in which it educates its . tudents, While Cox is in-
ten ely pr ud fthe progr..IlTI. he rduses to ta"ecr.:dit 
for it ucce .. . 

"A program in the core curriculum depend. onthc 
entire college. 11 requires the participation fevel)'one 
from the provost to the faculty to the ~llIdenl!). No nc 
person can do it all ," he said. 

With all his research and administrative interests. 
devoting time to the teaching of undergraduates would 
seem impossible. But according to Cox, "usllally 
teaching and research go together. If you're dt1ing 
research you enjoy, you profit, and the quest ions 
st udents ask are helpful in stimulating your research." 

Cox said his research interests piqued C<lrly. As an 
undergraduate student at the University of Michigan. 
he knew he wanted to explore eighteenth century 
Bril ish litemture. After receiving his bachelors degree 

LGBA 
Continued from page 1 
administration's view of the possible change re-
garding the admiuance of LGBA, changes in alli-
tudes towards underrepresented students. and even 
the definition of "students of affirmative action." 

SAAC groups also considered whether admis-
sion of the LGBA would be advantageous or 
disadvantageous to the SAAC organi zation, 

Various SAAC officials and members were 
unavailable or un willing to comment on the vote, 

Zingarelli aid an honorary LGBA member-
ship would benefit both organizations. Although 
he admitted that the types of oppression suffered 
by LGBA member differ from the oppression 
experienced by other SAAC groups, Zingarelli 
said all oppressed studeJ1ls should help each other. 

" I think all underrepresented groups and ull 
groups that are discriminated against should work 
as a unit rather than being factionalized," he said, 

Reddy said that "the LGBA offers SAAC a 
whole new avenue for recruitement and outreach" 

UCSD' 
F ACT 0 R YOU .~~L. ~ : 
CLOTHING S '.' 

50%·90% OFF&A=~~S 
• BUM EQUIPMENT 

• LIMITED • TWEEDS • EXPRESS 
MUCH, MUCH MORE! 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. 
EAST PAST HWY. 805 
LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON LEFT) ... EASYI 
450-3323 

Js SALE 
I • 8250 

La Jrlla Village Dr. 

~ N I ~ W +E 15 
.~ S 
.. 

<> 
Miramar Rd. 

WED.-SAT. 10-7 PM· SUNDAY 12-5 PM 

NEWS 3 

in 1972. he entered UCLA's Gmduate Engli sh pro-
gram. 

Cox received his doctorate from UCLA in 1976, 
and a cepted a one-year job at UCSD whi h led to a 
pennanel1l position four years Imer. During those 
years. he developed an affini ty for the enl ightellment 
period and the views of Blake, which have been the 
central focus for his research at the university. 

"A lot of the inspiration for my book came from 
the logical problems that the students have had in 
their wri ting courses. Seeing the problems they were 
running into helped me to think about those with 
Blake." he said, 

Cox also uses students as springboarus to bounce 
his ideasoffof. which is achange of pace for .,tudentl> 
\ ho are accustomed 10 profes~ors who impose their 
thoughts on students. 

"He is vel)' interested in stuuents and in very 
serious ideas." a"aji said. "Hc feels he can get idea., 
from students. For him. it's not jU!,t a one way ,treet: 
he enjoys exchanging and te~ting knowledge with 

~tudcnt~." 
Ont! f the re,l'Olb ox ~aid hl: b !)o willing 10 

exchangc ideas With !lis students i\ because h.: is ~o 
impressed with the l.jlwlity of ~tud.:nb ;}t the univer-
sity. He said he f.:eb that the ~tllllcnt~ have gOIlt!1I 
bellcr every y.:ar and that the have made CSD the 
premiere rcscarLh institution that it is. 

"u D's achie velll.:nt~ are brilkll1t:' he said. "11 
is vel)' difficult to create a top-ran" in\tituti n in 25 
ycmsandUC Dboneofthefe\ universiticsstane I 
in the 19605 thm has really amounted to anything," 

Alth ugh UCSD is often criticized for its lack of 
anent ion t undergraduates, Cox saic1 that the school 
is one of the oc~t places to get a college education, 

"Sometillll:s a~ l>iuclenlS and faculty. we lose sight 
of how distingui~hed the University fCalifornia is . 
We expect more. but it's prclly damn good to begin 
with. We ~houldn 'I be elitist. but the university doe~ 
fulfill its job of educati ng th.: future Icader~ of our 
~tate:' he ~aid. 

and increases the number of students available to 
SAAC programs. 

Reddy abo ~aid admis~ion into SAAC would 
benefit LGBA. 

"lSAACj offers us a formal recognition of 
legitimacy:' hI:! said. 

The new recognition. heexpl;\ined. would help 
LGBA recruit more students, conduct more ben-
eficial talk ' with the administmtion. ;lI1d stem the 
flow of hate crimes such as the threatening phone 
calls received before last month's LGBA dance. 

According to AASU member Gaye Johnson, 
who allended the AASU meeting to discuss tre 
LGBA is ue, several members fell that the oppres-
sion oflesbians, gays, and bisexuals i nouhe same 
sort of oppressio n as th ut faced by the 
underrepresented group in SAAC. 

Johnson said that she personally hoped SAAC 
would admit the LGBA. 

Despite the setback, Zingarell i aid, "1 just want 
to reinforce that there is no animosity whatsoever 
between the LGBA and the SAAC organizations. 
It 's really very positive." 



4 OPINION 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 6, 1991 

• 1990-91 was an academic year marked by war, racial tensions, 
questions of censorship, and, of course, Zack Bennan. 

U's been a long year. TIle Persian Gulf War came and went, and even now we're still debating the 
outcome. This was the yearthat political correctness-or PC-reallye~on tothescene,catching 
the attention or the national press. This year, the GruurIian came into conftict with the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee, raising numerous questions about racial awareness, semitivity, and 

censorship. And it was all chronicled here, on these pages. TIle fol!owing are some oCthe most volatile 
words to see print on lhe GruurIian opinion page5 this year. We hope you enjoy thenL 

"Let me be perfectly clear. War is a tenible thing. I don't want to go to war. obody wanlS to go to war. War 
is bad ... but Saddam is worse." 

- Ben Boyellllk all the Gllif Conf/ict. "War Ol'er the Hori:oll .1" Ocl. 8, 1990 
"Iftnd it hard to believe thatonc.:e Iraq has 'UlCbomb' it will be content to continue to pend ilSdays fann ing ftgs." 

- Zachary Berll/all Oil Iraq's research wilh IIl1kes, "Why We Mil I Slrike Now," Oct. 10.1990 

" ... It 's IJOl just that these weasels jump on whatever chance they have to break up these horrific crowds of college 
studenlS. it's their insidious anempts to conceal their otherwise publ ic bludgeoning of our private lives." 

- AmatellrTerrorist Jeff Pitman 011 awhority. "£(olSes. £fClISeS . ..... Oct. 17. 1990 
"Hedeplorcd racism and routinely harasscd those ignorantofArrican-American perspcctives. He had tlv' uniqueand gentl e 

ability to w1derstand and relate to the needs of people, gender, age, social choice, and political and spiritual preferences." 
- P .E. lnstrllClOr Bob Moss 0 11 lire lale Charles Thomas. "Tire F alher of Black Psychology," "On the Passing and 

Raising OJ Legends." Oct. 24. 1990 

"Racism is IJOl fun. It has no place in this OOUllny. 1 am ashamed of aI.1 racisls. whether they are Caucasian, African, Asian, 
or any other ethnic afTiliation. Despite this, l recognize that this is a nation of freedom. This freedom must include the right 
to be racist, even if it goes against what I think this counny stands for .. .. Some of the most emotional . least rational 'debate' 
I have ever heard in my life has come from the campus ofUCSD." 

- Greg Dixon. "Dreaming an Improbable Dream." Oct. 24. 1990 

"However cultured and intelligent we pretend to be. we humans are really nothing more than an over-«lucated race 
"::;;;:;;-iiil~ of blood-lhirsty savages .... 
- ... . . Apparently, when th is system was concocted, someone had the bright idea that by giving us peons the illusion 

ofpolirical power, we would be less likely to grab a scythe. drive to Washington, and run howling like banshees through 
the halls of Congress, lopping off heads like stalks of wheal. .. " 

~JejJ Pilmall . "Selld Them to lIre Arena." Oct. 26. 1990 

"[pete Wilson's) message was 'w1der Wilson, every Californian will have a chance to excel.' But several 
observers could not help but wonder if Wilson had not dipped a bit too much into the pre-v ictory celebration punch." 

- Ben Bo ·elllIk. 0 /1 Pele Wilsoll 's \'icIOlY address. "The Camival of Sleaze." Nov. 9. 1990 
"If the United Statc-s does invade. it must do so without any regard for Iraq. This may sound cruel. It may sound 

immoral. Unfonwlately, niceties don't win wars." 
- Greg Dixoll. 011 'wagillg war, "All Bels Are OjfWith Iraq." Nov. 14. 1990 

"I read someplace that A.I.D.S. affe<.lS the four h' s - 'homosexuals. hemophiliaes. Haitians, and heroin junkies,' 
but now it's spreading to the ftfth h-heterosexuals. Perhaps it is about time that we replace the five h's with one h-
humans." 

-S,eve Simmons. 011 Ai D.s .• "Ai D.s. Clln Acrass MallY Social Boundaries." Nov. 16. 1990 

"Will iam F. Buckley notes someofthese methods [ofdeal ing with the A.1.0.S. epidemic) andproposesanevenlllOre 
drastic, yet effective plan for eliminating the spread of A.I.D's. Buckley states thalthose who are found 10 becaniers 
shou'd receive a tanoo on their bunocks to prevent the victimization of other innocent people. If one thinks aboul this 
method, it is not all that offensive .. .... 

- Zachary Berman. on how 10 manage Ihe AID.s. epidemic. "People In/ected WilhAJD.s. Need 10 Be 
Identified." Nov. 16. 1990 

"ObviouslyZachary Berman and Will iam F. Buckley areonlyconcemed with Slopping gay men from having 
sex ... hatred does not inspire one 10 analyze or educate. As a result. we are aU put in danger." 

- Bonita MalrllCh. on tIre dLlIIgersojBemlllll 's idea. "Homophobia is Ihe Real Problem" (Ieller 10 Ihe 
editor). Nov. 28. 1990 

" If researchers had found out King cheated on his taxes. you could be pretty sure \hat the IRS wouldn't be 
naming any buildings afterhim. The IRS would want a name that filS into its own particular code of ethics. The 

.... - ....... .1 sit uation involving Third College isn't lIny different Kingcheated on a thesi • and th is university 's policy does 
IJOl tolerate cheating. Obviously. King doesn't fi t into UCSO's code of ethics." 

- Jami!S Collier. on why ·King' was all iI/appropriate choice/or Third College's name. "The CoileKe 
ThaI Would Be King." Nov. 30. 1990 

"Call me crazy, but why do I get the impression that [George Bush) has been Ilippinghis lucky penny for 
every major governmenral decision he 's made so far'/" 

- JejJPitmall. "1990-The Year o/the War Pigs," Nov. 30. 1990 
"Old George must have beenpissing his panls with glee whenSacIdam Husse in thundered his tanks into that sandy 

linle hell hole." 
- Pitman. speculatillg 01/ ... hat Presidelll B,ISh' s reaction to lraq's illl'OSioll of Kuwait may hal'e beell 
"The idea is simple: the people who come from the least 'successful' races are the most c1!serving of 

rmancial scholarships. The bonom line i this reeks of injustice. I'm a whi te male who is also Jewish. 
Mel Marc.lolGuardian See FEAR. Page 5 

Thursday, June 6,1991 

FEAR 
ContInued from page 4 

~ ID this convoluJe(\ line of thinlting, I am 
thmc limes undeservingof a scholarship . ... We need 
ID base our financial aid on a penon's need and merit. 

~ the color oftbeir skin. ... This way, we would jU51 
judge than IS individuals insIead of as members of a 
race. " 

- ZDchary Berman, 0tI race-based scholar-
sJrips. ~ Discriminalion W cris Both W uys," Jan. 7. 

1991 
" . . . (W]hcn dramatic amounts of disadvantaged 

groupIlII"CI1'l being pIqlBI"cd in their earlier life for a 
coIlegj* c:ducalion, racially exclusive scholarships 
lie DDIhing more than a token gesrure . ... RaIber than 
providing scholarships for the lucky few, an im-
prow:mc:nI of cducalion for the whole is the good that 
needs ID be sought." 

- 1_ CoUier. on race-based scholarships. 
-r rm/ing the SympIiJmS. NOI the Di.seaM." Jan. 

7. 1991 
"Ihird College would have honored King in the 

same way so many Olhers have and will continue to 
do - forbis accomplishmenlS in society. not in the 
classroom •. .. ThaI King copied passagesofhis Ph. O. 
thesis from a previous theology graduatesrudent is .. . 
irrelevlllll, considering what he did for society." 

- Phil Gmen. Oil naming Third College after 
Martin Lll/iter King. ;'Tltird Sholl1d Have Been 

Killg," Jan. /4 .1991 

"Why is it thatliberals have such a softspot in their 
bleeding hearts for oonununisrn? ... For all parties 
colla:med. the best action would be to teach the 
SovieI Union how to swim. instca<l of constantly 
throwing it a life preserver." 

- ZDchary Bermall. "No Bleeding Heartsfor 
Moscow." Jan. 14. 1991 

"II was a fascinating crowd to watch. Young 
college students, dusting off their wasted parents' 
heirlooms, conI ing out to ftglu ' the Establisluncnt'-
and no daub! trying to recapture the revolutionary. 
anarchic spirit of yesteryear .. .. This Persian Gulf 
thing is the best thing to happen to this crowd since ... 
weU , Viemam." 

- Ben Boyclmk. on lIre allli-war rally and 
leach-ill of Jail. 9. 1991 . "Too Milch. Too Ulfle. 

Too Late" Jan. 17. 1991 

"A peace protester is a soldier's worst enemy." 
- Zachary Bemlllll . "A Counter-Prolesler' s 

Gllide to UCSD," Jan. 22,1991 

"Had Sad!lam left Kuwait unconditionally. vio-
lence couJd have been avoided. SacIdam wanted this 
conflict - and now hc has it. .. .If lraG fails to 
sum:nder, America should tum it into the world's 
largest parting 10l." . 

- Greg DLwn. 0 11 1111' Per<ian GIlIfWar. "No 
Relreat. No Surrender. No Compromises." Jan. 

24. 1991 

"'Anti-war' demonstrators hout at 'pro-troops' 
dernonsIraIor.> and ' pro- troops' demonstrators shout 
at 'anti-war' demonstrators, but very linIe is actually 
said in between. The de facto response for everybody 
out canying a sign, on both siclcs. is unreasoning 

The UCSD Guardian 

dogma. And that solves nothing. 
"Some of the n <l!;1 emotional, least rational 'de-

bate ' I have ever heard in my life has come from the 
campus ofUCSO." 

- Greg KlIQuss. "Discussion. Not Dogma. 
SlrouJd Rule Debate," Jan. 28. /991 

"We woukllike to thank Zachary [Berman), our 
comrade in the peace movemenl, for this bit of darlc. 
comedy in the face of war. It brought a small ray of 
sunWnc: during these desperate times .. .. He ~w 
only kidding, wasn't he?" 

- Lorena David and Joel High. on 8urn(In's 
"CoUlller-PrOieSler's Guide." "Was Berman 

Kidding?" Jan. 28.1991 

"I suspect they were just enjoying protesting for 
protesting's sake. Maybe that' sokay. Afterall. every-
one should have a hobby." 

- David Bwthart. "So Much Talk. So Unle 
. Thoughl." Feb. 4. 1991 

"Today is a glorious day for the Women's Re-
source Center. Zachary Bennan is pnH:hoice." 

-Zacllllry Bermall. on llis abortion Slal/ce. 
"In De/ense o/Legal Abortion" Feb. 1/ . 1991 

'''There was always something about the linIe 
weasel that I just couldn't trust" 

- Jeff Pilmall. on George B,ISh 
"We SlI'alloY.'ed II - Hook. Ufre and Sinker" 

Feb. 14. 1991 

"Recoil all 'unsuccessful races' - Black America 
has a new voice ... Zachary the GreaL The man. the 
commentaries. the hair. See him, fearhim, hebclongs 
to the 'successful ' race with all the Nobel prizes, but 
he's not a white 'upremacist because he's Jewish. 

- JolIQtlllln Traynham. "lacllll!)' Bernllln' s 
Wet Dream." Black and Wllite Cartoons of Color. 

Feb. 19, 1991 

"There are Americans and then there arc liberals." 
-Zacllary Berman 

"I tried todeny il. lnmyyouth, l cussed theGipper 
at every tum. memorized his gaJTes. and when I 
turned 18.1 even registered as a Democrat and voted 
for Jesse Jackson. But they were all futile gestures. 
Like everyone else who grew up in the '80s, I am a 
Reagan youth:' 

- Greg HlljJslllfler. "The Diary of a Reagan 
Yowh." Feb. 2I , l991 

"By using battlcfield nuclear weapons. our troopS 
call rest assured there will be no surprise.!. Tactical 
nuclear weapon will destroy all enemy targets. 
including those that are deeply entrenched.n lis will 
help minimize the loss of American lives." 

- Zoe/Ill!)' Bemllln , "Nllelear Weapolls a Key 
fortlte Allies." Feb. 25. 1991 

"If you really want to get down 10 it. after 400 
years of slavery and oppression. a measly 20 years of 
affUlna tive action is straight up wrong." 

- Jonalilall Traynham, Black and While 
Cartoons of Color. Feb. 25.1991 

'This is not a question of left versus right, nor is 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

it one of censorship. Th is is aquc tionofpractieaJity 
and fairness. The IJt'W indicalor has every right to 
print a newspaper. just as it has a right to a ponion of 
the rnedia budget. For it to receive such a huge sum. 
unquestioned, despi te the fact that the vast majority of 
studenlS don 't read it is both silly and stupid." 

- Greg Knauss. onfairness infilllliiflg. 
"PletMra of Papers is Pernicious." Feb. 25. 1991 

'"The Gulf War has inflicted great damage on 
tho5e who espouse left-wing ideology. America has 
come out of this conflict with a renewed respect for 
the Republican Party, and a general feeling that the 
constantly-procesting left is mon: concerned with its 
political agenda than the good of the OOUllny." 

- ZDchary Berman. "Saddan, and liberals 
Are Both Losers in the GldfWar. " MarcIr4 . 1991 

" . . Jim asked me why exactly I had been exhort-
ing the Mexicans to ann themselves with cabbages. 
'CabOOges? I said gllllS. you idiot! Uzis. AK-47s-
the good stum ' Jim informed me that apparentl y my 
grasp of Spanish was not quite what I thought it was. 
and that, yes. I had indeed invited mill ions of Mexi-
cans to storm the border, wielding vegetables." 

- JejJ Pitman. "The Cablxlge Revolmiofl ." 
Feb. 28. 1991 

"Ofcourse, soillcone collid tal..c a big C:UI of Raid 
to the [San Diego City) Council chambers and do 
some serious spraying .... Or maybe someone could 
don some industrial Doc Marten boolS:ux! stomp the 
linIe creeps into submission." 

- Jeff Pilllla" . Oil hall' 10 dealwilh Ihe 
'C{x:kroaelres' ill office. "Tire Cockrooches Are 

Among Us." Mar. 7, 1991 

"Offensive and aggressive material posing as 
journal ism has no place at UCSO or anywhere else 
interested in breaking down the baniers of ethnocen-
trism and ignorancc." 

- Chicano/LalillO Fac,dry Asscxialion. 
"'Cabbage' Cartoofl Offends Latillo FaCility." 

Mar. 7. /991 

"Advocates of PC claim to have the highest of 
goals, but they seck to achieve these goals through a 
liberal version of totalitarianism . ... While the goals 
of PC are admirable, they prevent the expression of 
ideas which do not fit a particular group's definition 
of ' acceptable. ". 

- Greg Dixon. "A New Fascism on lire Rise." 
Mar. 11 . 1991 

"By the way. exactly which character is tile Fri to 
Bandilo?" 

- Marc Uptergrove. "'Cabbage' Cartoon 
Was Taken 0 111 of Conte.o:J By Some Readers." 

Mar. 14, 1991 

"Nobody loves me, but that 's okay. One day the 
Real Americans like Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, 
and my fa ithful bird. 'Spiro.' will rise up in arms with 
me and we will conquer the Liberals and make them 
pay for not loving me. 

.... . Please shut ofT the hypno-beanl. I hate the 
hypno-beam. Please love me." 
- "Zoek Vermin" (A parody of Zachary Bemran). 

"Armadillas and Birds Are Ow Friends." April 

MEChA Chair Denies. '12 Maids' Remark 
Editor: 

With regards to Zachary Bennan' s parting 
conunentary ("Parting Shots: the Hypocrisy 
of the Left," Monday, June 3), I would like to 
address the author's unending inaccuracies. I 
would like to contest one specific point Bennan 
alluded to in his conunentary. Bennan states 
that the MEChA President pointed out to him 
that "I heard your father has 12 maids in his 
house. n I am sorry to burst your bubble, but I 
have never maintained a conversation with 
you for more than one minule, and much less, 
pointed out to you facts about your family. 
Berman, I pose a question: how would I know 
if your father has 12 maids? And even if your 
father did have 12 maids, who cares?!!? 

I stand corrected when I say that Bennan ' s 
information concerning this 'maids' state-
ment is straight out false and misleading. 
Making such false statements and pointing 
out an organization, in this case MEChA,can 
have severe effects in lhe way UCSD studenlS 
perceive such organization . Bennan, after 
you check your source and memory chips, 1 
challenge you to prove [hat the statement was 
made by the MEChA President. ( am confi-
dent that you will discover thar you ran out of 
Q-tips on that particular day and were not 
paying anention to the contenlS of the SAAC 
meeting or its speakers. 

Now. to the validity of Bennan's parting 

plea for innocence. In the commentary, 
Bennan states. "Hate makes the world go 
around. ] ust take a look at our campus and you 
can feel the hate that motivates." I regret to 
admit that this i unfortunately true. Ironi-
cally, Bennan ignores the fact that his com-
mentaries and articles. filled with inaccura-
cies as many leiters have indicated in past 
issues. have been a major contribution [0 this 
hatred and tens ion. 

Bennan states in his in-depth interview 
with Jonathan Traynham (May 28), in joking 
fashion, that he writes his commentaries "to 
piss people off." Yet in this recent commen-
tary, he states that his commentaries are to 
express a political ideology. 

What is the true purpose of your commen-
taries,Bennan; to piss peopleoffor to express 
a political view? 

It is interesling to point out that during the 
SAACIGuardian confrontation, 1 had an op-
portunity to listen to Bennan and Ben Boychuk 
(Guardian Opinion Editor) laugh and joke 
about the SAAC rally and ilS issues. After 
noticing my presence, they continued laugh-
ing and Bennan staled, "Don'1 worry, we'll 
keep it 'up!" Bennan, is that e)(pressing a 
political ideology or plain old fashion per-
sonal attack, as your later commentaries indi-
cated? 

Making false tatemenlS, writing on topics 

that have not been fully researched, and writ-
ing to agilate groups to obtain undue attention 
will produce Recoil commentaries that are 
inaccurateandoffensive to the targeted group. 
Sadly, Bennan 's commentaries, as well as 
other campus factors (iA the quota flyer, the 
Guardian' s continuous anack on the new 
indicator, SAAC. affinnative action debate, 
WRC, and many others). have resulted in the 
continued decline of campus climate. 

Expressing one's political ideology is fine, 
but when that ideology is based on inaccurate 
infonnation and personal anacks aimed to get 
personal attention, while unwilling to sit and 
inlelligently debale i sues, the political ideol-
ogy becomes questionable and produces strong 
responses from the targeted groups (what 
Berman refers to as hate and resentment from 
the left). Bennan, stop crying and accept your 
mistakes like a true journalist. 

By the way. the article entitled "Y AF 
Charges Rights Were Ignored by Administra-
tion," is the mo t biased article I have seen in 
quite a while. (s Eric Schmidt a member of 
YAF? 

Victor D. Nieblas 
(Editor's Note: Several individuals lrave COIl -
firmed Berman's allegations regarding 
Nieblos' statements at the SAAC meeting ill 
question. In addition. srajJwriter Eric SchmidJ 
is in no way affiliated with the YAF.) 

OPINION 5 

Fool' s EtlitiOl'. Apri! l. 1991 

"I don 't wantto seem holier than thou. I just wanl 
to say that there [are] not enough people to care :Ibout 
what goes on tocause anygreatchange ... 1 feel I've 
put inmytime to this school and it is somebody else 's 
tum now. RIMAC, the TG nightmare, the lack of 
student representation - all of these issues arc 
impol1ant and require work. .. . .I honestly don 't know 
- did I fail or did we aliT 

-Molly McKay. Of/lIre problemsfacirrg UCSD, 
"McKay's Lel/ero/Resignalion." April 11. 1991 

"I am not the Guardian's house nig&er. tool. or 
authority on race relations. Everyone should know 
from my cartoons \hall refuse to sell out my beliefs 
for polit ical gains ... No, the Gllardia" is not very 
conservative or insensitive - the writers of many 
oonunentaries are. The way to change this isn't to 
censor these writers' views. because stifling their 
voices only worsens the problem ... The controver-
sial views will still be there, we just won' t hear them 
or even know of them. We need to challenge these 
views. 

~ollllllraJl TraYllham. on Ihe GllardianlSM C 
cOIlf/ict. "Cellsoring 'Offemi\'I!' Of/illiolls Will 

Only CalISe More Problellls." April 18. 1991 

"Scnsitivity docs not have to be a zero-sum game. 
There does not have to be a \ inner and a loser. 
Everyone can win simply by being more aware of 
others." 

--Briall 110 .... 011 Cllllllral lIIul fIlmic 
awareness. ''EI'eryone WillS IVI, en They Arc More 

Semilil'e to Others." April 25. 1991 

.. It is difficult to accept the notion that SAAC's 
recent action [against tile Glumliall] wa~ motivated 
enti rely by adesire to right social and cul tural wrongs. 
RatJlCr, tllCactionsecmed to be vcry mucha political-
ly motivated attack, partially in hope of desc.:rediting 
an idcological opponent." 
- Ben Bo)'cllllk. on Ihe possible politiml 1IIOlil'l'S of 
SAAC. "Collelies' Qllest for 'MII!lim!llIralislII ' is a 

BailIe/ or Hearls and Millds." Apn1 25. 1991 

"To its detractors. PC verges on social fasc ism. a 
signilicant threat to the freedom that is the basis of 
American society. Cullmc a detra tor." 

--ereli Knallss, "Polilically Correcl Thollghl 
Takes More Thall if Gil'e.I." Apr. 25. 1991 

"We solcly aimed at making the Gllardillll MalT 
aware of the consistent ncgative Mcreotypical view. 
and derogatory remarks that were ing published. 
We also felt it our obligation to raisc the level of ... 
scnsitivity toward under-represcnted students. In J 
braindcvoidofilllcllcctual absorptionspacc. 1 can scc 
how you eas ily misconstrued our int('~tiun~. ().)n 't 
worry. I forgive you! " 

-Vall"es~ Harris. Chair. Stlldenl Affirlllalil'c 
Actioll Commillee "Weicollle 10 Ihl' ·Tri·ldiot-

T/lflll ... · A"r. 29.1991 
"Hanis' letterproves that he is lillie more than a . 

petty opportunist and a dcmagogue. He is thc Gmnd 
Idiot, to whom all olllCr idiots pay tribute." 

--Bob Kuy Chen and OscarT. Cohill. "Vallness 
See LOATHING. Page 6 

Our Sincerest 
Apologies ... 

... to those of you who took the time to send in 
ICllers which didn't get printed. Due to con-
siderablc space constraints. we were unable 
to print everything we received. (Extraapolo-
gies to Michael Oshman, who took the time to 
come into Ihe office and work on his letter 
here.) 

However! TheGliardiall will be publi h-
ing two summer issues. So feel free to con-
tinue sending lellers or commentaries, espe-
cially if you will be in town. 

Drop your leller at the Guardian offlccs 
(on the second noor of the Student Center. 
above the General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GULlrdioll 

9500 Gilman Ik 03 16 
La JOlIll , A 92092-0316 

Letters should be typed. double·'paced. 
and should include a signature and a phone 
number. Un igned letters will not be printed. 
We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. 



6 OPINION 

LOATHING 
Continued from page 5 

Harris' Lell!'r Prow's He is a 'Grallli 
Idiot ... · May 6.1991 

" ... IOjnce a womangocsthrough the 
traumatic experience of a rape, she does 
not wan! to rmd herself in a small offace 
um>undedby DasKapilalaoo WhyMaJes 

ExiSI. She needs a peaceful and uujlies-
sured environment. not one geared to-
ward a political goal." 

--.:zochory Berman. "Dealing With 
Gender." May 9,1991 

'1llere is a problem on this campus, 
and it is called egocentricity. People arc 
willing to rUlancia11y support only that 
which persona1ly alTCCLS their lives." 

~alricia Jel/ie. "Dealing With 
Gender." May 9, 199/ 

"This i a plea on behalf of m:lJ1Y 
studcntsat UCSDwhoarc tired of tc:Iding 
your pscuOO-lllteli ruaI public molStur· 
banon you pose as opimon ... .1 vowed 
that I would do whatever I could toensure 
that other women would never tu\C 10 go 
through the mental hell of rape alone." 
-Molly McKay. " Bermall' s Alia ks Oil 

the WRC Were Unfowllied and 
Incorrect," May /3,1991 

") am sure every ethnic group can nnd 
racial injustices in their pasl" 

-Zachary Berman. "T/~ QUOIa 
Question," May 16.1991 

''The Y AF obviously cannot compre· 
hend what racism feels like. It is not about 
some individual. temporary legislation. It 
is about centuries of discriminatory, le· 
galized oppression ..... 

-{}aye Johllson. 

The UCSD Guardian 

"rhe QIj()1a QuestIOn." May 16,1991 
"Their stifling tecluUquesarcratherharsh. 
as they ften seem to tie the issue of rape 
into their political agenda.·· 
-Zachary BemJan, "Tile 90' s Version 

of 1M Solem Witch Trials." May 20, 
1991 

"Democracy is doomed by the vice ofller 
citizens and preserved by the virtucofhet 
inhabitants." 
-Mal/hew Robinson. "What Does the 

new indicator Really Indicate?" June 3. 
1991 

"Oh, well. There are always the anar· 
chists." 
- Zachary Bennan, "Parting Shoes: the 

Hypocrisy of the Len," JWlC 3,1991 

- Compiled by Ben Boychuk 

DOMINO'S PIZZA ANNOUNCES 

1, 
'ftMol-

......... ® L-___ -' 

Unlimited lo,-pings, 
Any Size PiZZI 
$ 99 

plu. tal 

Thursday, June 6th thru Sunday, June 16th 
One Week ONLY, This Siore ONLY! 

For one week and one week only, the La Jolla Domino's Pizza will sell ANY 
PIZZA FOR ONLY $8,99, plus tax! No coupon necessary. Just pick up the phone 
or stop by on your way home. Order as many toppings as you like, or as many 
pizzas as you like. Offer valid at La Jolla only. Hurry, these savings won't last!! 

II CALL US! La Jolla/UCSD 452·UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA.® 
timJled de~very ii'" to en.urt' Fe drivUlg. Our dnvers carry '- Ihan $20.00. 

Hotn: 
11 am-1 am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
Open for lunch everyday, 

Thursday, June 6,1991 

BAY AREA BAY AREA BAY AREA BAY AREA 
NE1WORK NETWORK NETWORK NETWORK NETWORK 

CONGRA TULA TIONS 
CLASS OF '91 

If you are returning to the Bay Area to live, work or 
attend graduate school. you are invited to meet other 
UC:SO alumni at these coming events: 

August 17 Tailgate Puty - Giant's Game 
September 15 A1umnVFreshaun Send-off Picnic 
ull Mark DiAmond '87 at 415-933-7246 (or further information . 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

LA ·SAnDALE 
lEVA 
DECKERS 

HUARACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PlICES IN TOWNI 
3761 Mission Blvd., SD 92109 
488-1134 

Czech 1,2,3 (U quarter units) 
July l-August 30, 1991 (9 weeks) 

An intensive Czech language course providing students 
with the equivalent of a full year of Czech. Meets three hours a 
day: HS or 2 hours of lecture (grammar) and 1·HS hours of 
discussion and drill.(oral practice}, The course will require 
substantial daily preparation outside class (study, written assign-
ments, lab work). Prerequisite: none. 
MTuWfbF 9:00-12:00 noon 
Instructor: Steve Weissman, MA., Visiting Lecturer, UCLA 
(proficient in Czech and Russian) 

For further information call the Summer Session 
Office at 534-4364. 

lJC;!: :; D 
I Jr JI /1 ' .... <.,11, ()~ ( .", If l )1...>( JI,..... ,·'r J I )If ( ,( ) 

COMPACT 
DISCS! 

6 ~settes, ~t • free CD* • I CD's, eet I free CD· 
*OD apprO'fa. • No limit 
Lar~st used CD iDfeDtOr)' iD U.S. • UsteDIDe ZODes 

~ 
., MUSIC TRADER 

-'" 7094 Miramar Rd . 693-1469 
5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

FEATURES 
7 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Christine Berry as "RukheJeh" and Pierre Martone as "Zevi" in "A Man Without a World.' 

• Visual arts professor 
Antin's film brings new 
meaning to an old genre 
By Sangeeta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

he late 1930s were a tuming point for 
film - a breaking of the silence. Sound 
gave cinema al1ew dimen ion, but 
according to Eleanor Antin, its main 
effect was "boring. " 

"When sound came in, [sc did] chest 
shots of talking heads talking boring talk," said Antin. 
a visual arts profe sor. "That doesn'l mean there 
haven'l been great film s. Silent film is just much more 
interesting - visually and ... al 0 verbally." 

Antin said that she's always been "fascinated" with 
the interaction between text and images, and added 
that "silent film is the perfect way to Uuxtapose) that. " 

Hence her latest major work, a silent film en titled 
"A Man Without a World ," 

Produced, directed, and written by Antin , under the 
invented persona of Soviet movie director Yevgeny 
Antinov. the film depicts the conflict between anti-
Semitism and sllrer/ orthodoxy during the 1920 . 
Although it presents no vocal discourse, "The Man 
Without a World," a black-and-white feature-length 
film, includes a musical sound track, along with text 
and titles. 

The cast features a number of faculty members 
(including Antin), students, and members of the 
community, many of whom had no prior acting 
experience. After the film, which is sponsored by The 
San Diego Museum of Art and The Friends of Judaic 
Studies at UCSD, premieres in La Jolla, it will be 
distributed across the country. 

"It's a melodrama filled with wandering spirits, 
weddings, lots of funerals, eduction, an unwanted 
pregnancy - a love story with all of these elements 
within it," said Antin about her year-long project 
which was shot last summer. 

However, it is also "about the situation of Jews in 
eastern Europe between the wars," Antin said. "Jews 
were rootless because they were non-citizens, not able 
to own land, not able to go to schools. They were non-
existent. They were people without worlds searching 
for worlds - looking for their roots." 

Antin, who has been making silent films for years, 
said that she found her own roots as she created this 
one . 

''The film is, in a sense, the world my mother knew. 
Her remembrance of things was alway built in being 
Jewish, wrapped up with being member of the Left -
fighting the traditional way ... I'm concretizing the 

The 
Silent 

OViE 

Professor Eleanor Antin and a friend. 
memories for her. She 10 t them. I found them," 
Antin said, explaining that her mother now has 
Alzheimer's disease, and that "she remembers 
nothing - not even me." 

Thus, her work "is a love letter to my mother, 
and to a vanished world," Antin explained. 

"The Man Without a World" is not the first piece 
to recapture the lost world of the Jews. Antin, 
however, has "a distaste for Hollywood-type film s 
on shrer/ life [such as 'Fiddler on the Roof) ... which 
sentimentalize and trivialize," she said. 

"'Fiddler on the Roof is hardly comparable," 
said Bennett Berger, a sociology professor and cast 
member. "Eleanor is a post-modem artist. What 
she's doing [in silent film) is likely to be in some 
respects unprecedented and original." 

According to Berger, who plays a cynic and a 
bagel man, "it' harder to act in a silent film . If 
there' a soundtrack, words carry out [your] part. In 

Thursday, June 6 , 1991 

a silent film, you have 10 rely on body language and 
expressive gestures .. . It· s necessary to exaggerate 
slightly in order to appear as norma\." 

Although she did not have any previous acting 
experience, the lack of dialogue made visual arts 
tudent Anna Henriques' role as a mad girl "much 

easier. I could concentrate on actions instead of 
saying anything." she said. 

Similarly. Christine Berry. a UCSD graduate who 
plays un ingenue, ~aid that she prefer., si lent acting. 

"For me. there's a peaceful ne~s about doing it. 
There 's a whole ~et of things you don't worry about. 
It 's the same as Ihaving] a los!> of senses - you 
compensate with other~. Th.: focus becomes Ie" 
scatt.:red ... 

BCITY emphasized that film without lllaloguc i, hy 
no mean~ ··Iacklng." 

" I wouldn't say modern films are an improve· 
ment .. . /1n ,ilent filmsl the re'~ a tran,lalJt'n of 
feelin g. In some way~ [your acting 1, 111101': • ILutl\C 
ifyou ' re not pre~scd for words," she said. 

Berry explained that she plays a "good Jewish 
girl" who is expec ted to marry a man with stability. 
Instead. ~he falls in love with a poet who has "crazy 
dreams" of running off to cafes. She added that her 
role require plenty f melodrama - "a I t of hand 
to forehead." 

According to Berry, "the use of images can 
sometimes be a lot stronger." For example, the 
Zionists did push-up and sit-ups to emphasize the 
group's belief in being strong and ready to go off by 
themselves, she explained. 

Antin recreated a shret/ town on the UCSD 
campus, which scene " looks great stuck in the midst 
of a modern world." she said. "There's the DNA 
building - contemporary concrete brutali m - then 
thi s funky shred block." 

"Images are 0 rich - so unlike the talking heads 
we have now," Antin said. "You [see[ really interest-
ing, beautiful , meaningful images. [n tead of words 
coming out of people's mouths, there's action ... si lent 
film represents action, emotion, intellectual dis· 
course." 

After every few scenes, line of text appear on Ihe 
screen to supplement the story line. Antin emphasized 
that images intertwine with the text, so that "the text 
psychologically propels the narrative." 

Berry added Ihat reading the text thaI is woven into 
silent film is not the same as watching a film with 
subtitles. 

"You' re not doing hours and hours of reading. It ·s 
simple. Words can be so oversimplified for what 's 
happened," she said. 

According to Berry. "The exciting thing about a 
project like this i knowing that you will never get a 
chance to be in a silent film again . If you do, it'll 
probably be with Eleanor." 



8 FEATURES 

1991 
Summer Session 

~ ~mG If{OmN ( /5/5 1UNllrn) 
Jlanlly i-A~ 23. iSS n (8 weeM) 

This is an intensive introductory course in Korean. It 
is designed to impart the basic level of linguistic skills 
to students with no previous knowledge of the lan-
guage. Students will practice listening, speaking, 
reading, and writing through lectures, class discus-
sions, tutorials for conversation practice, laboratory 
sessions, and other activities. Note: this course is the 
equivalent of the entire fir t year of study. In addi-
tion this course fulfills the language proficiency 
requirements of variou colleges and univer ities. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

IT'S SUM 1ER! ! You can 
Watch TV, 
Make dry toast, 
Pick tIeas off your dog, 
Build a scale ve rs ion of Di neyland, 
Let your bra in a tr phy to the ize of a pea, 
Watch you r Mag ic Rocks grow, 
and Call 900 number a ll day long. 

OR YOU CAN: 
Rai~c y uur LSAT score 9 poil1ls*, 

Rai se your GMAT core 80 points, 
Rai se your GRE score 210 points, 

Look forward to Grad school, 
Feci useful, 

And have fUll doing it. 
- I Q. 4& p<Mt Kate 

W e ig h the options, then call 
THE ----

PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

(619) 695-9952 

1~f,f~NSION'" 
'.SPECIALTr CENTERS 

rFoUR~~a'Co~~;~-T-Stt~-' 
: BRAKE SPECIALI ~~~nt $2495 : Package : 
I $6995 I Alignment M05l cm l Special I 
I I Stl COSIe<, cambe< & loe" I Mo.l cor, I ma:1U'acIlIe(sspootlQllIDnS, clSc.utn<!g .. ........ $109.95 I 

... ms & tam, Ok'a. $159 95 I 24-ThouSlncllliIt Wl/llnlY AlII ~ our I 50".,- SI", .. . -... -. , I 
RopIact ~onI padS.r<! ,.., I lour·whotl IIIgnmorL lIftb"" Wanrly I """I ' ResurlacOl","", ItumS, 11I\ICk5h./lS"ua) I MosIcatS· e.p.ts6I2M1 I 

- & act JUS! s)'$lem' Molal., L exp.ts 6/20,91') 
I paaslxtra Elpilt$6.'2CW1 - - - - - + - - - - - ~ L-l=:'",,!:'= ~ :r~mt End I ~ $6995 I 
I Oil Change 95 Ignment I . . J: I 
I Special $14 I $1495 I SeMce Special I I cv-Joont Boot Ropjactrnl<l\ I lnc""" I~, newflOr, I-\>"5 ...... c.1rs /Iruc:i<s&v ... 8JI~.) I 2noDOOIon same .. _ 'l.1pr1col I QIJW1S 04 VoIvoIno /Mool COIS) . exp.ts 6'20.91 Most catS· &pr .. 6I2M, 
L- ~~ ~-----~-----, I - -R - - -. Monroe Performance I Computer Spin I F EE I Gas $1995 Balance & 4-Tire 
I ,Alignment Checks I Shocks uch I Rotation $995 I I ,Inspections ~~s :!'"::" I =:, I 
L W""il'dad -""'J Exp"ts6I2M, J. _ears.Expros6I2MI .J 
----- ------ -----Miramar Auto Center 

6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 
Winston Square 

3112 Midway Dr. #D 
558·8562 Mon ·Frl 8 a m ·6 p m 

Sal 8 am -4 p m 
Sunday by appolJltrnenl only 

223·2248 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 6,1991 

A Winning A.S. Team? 
• Council members recall the year's ups and downs 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

Outgoing As ociated Student 
President John Edson had planned 
on spending his junior year study-
ing in Egypt. Instead. frustrated by 
"seeing members of the AS. waste 
time," he mounted a successful bid 
for president in the pring of his 
ophomore year. 

Learning from the experience 
of previous councils, the 1990-91 
A.S. executive et OUI to change 
the nature of the A.S. by unifying 
the council and the campus. and 
gelling UCSD tudent educated 
and involved in campus issues. 

"We wanted to move the em-
phasis of the A.S. from ymboli m 
to progre ivi sm. We wanted to 
change from reacting to the ad-
ministration, toinitiating i sue and 
making the administration react to 
u ," Edson aid. 

Former Vice President Exter-
nal Molly McKay said that in addi-
tion to creating an "activist ap-
proach" for the A.S. , she saw the 
need to formulate long-term goals, 
something that had been lacking in 
the agendas of previous councils. 

A primary goal of the A.S ., how-
ever. was eliminating the kind of 
internal ~ trife which nearly para-
lyzed the AS, council the year 
before. 

" I wanled to avoid a lot of the 
schi ms and personality conflicts 
that stopped them from doing a 
good job." [and] to rUIl council 
effectively - to minimize quab-
bling and maximize debate." re-
called former Vice President Ad-
mini trative Ruben Duran. 

How successful wa this year' s 
council in achieving its goals? 

"Extremely successful:' Edson . 
McKay, and Duran concurred. 

Regard ing specific is ue ' . 
Edson arri ved la t September with 
a 4S-page outline of projects that 
he had 1 ~c:arched over the sum-
mer. 

All but one project had already 
been begun. including tho e in-
volving a student housing plan, 
UCS D athletics. and implemem-
ing the amended five-year Affir-
mative Action plan. 

Among A.S , 's undenakings, 
&1.on cited the extension of the 
passino pass grading option dead-
line, the e tab Ii hment of a student 
radio station. and the resurrection 
of T.G's as some of this year's 
council's greatest successes, 

[n addition, the A.S. worked on 
a studem debit card system. re-
writing the university's 
master parking 
plan, developing 
an on- and off-
campus tudent 

California Student As ociation 
(UCSA). a student lobbying group. 
or accompany members of the AS. 
in meeting members of the tate 
legislature to protest the 40 per-
cent fee increase. 

" You don ' t need a po it ion 
to get involved in the A.S" 
you ju t need a concern 
for what's going on 
around you," McKay 
emphasized. 

The A.S.-spon-
sored voter registra-
tion drive erved not 
only to get tudent 
registered. but " to in-
pire people and get them 

to know what they ' re vot-
ing on". to get them ex-
c ited about voting," 

on student fee became visible. 
"We need a student policy on 

student fees. from both the 
systemwide and campus levels," 
McKay explained. 

The UCSA. in response to 
RIMAC, drafted a tate bill to 

address these concern , 
McKay said that thi 

issue increased the 
unity among all of the 
UC schools, and put 
UCSO in the forefront 
of student leadership. 

"Nothing l ike 
RIMAC will ever be 

RIMAC-ed again." 
McKay said, explaining 

that "RIMAC" has be-
come a symbolic term 
across the UC sy tern. 

McKay explained. Ruben Duran 
At the beginning of their 

On the flip ide of 
theA.S.·s achievements 

terms. Edson ~d McKay deter- are the disappointments and frus-
mined that they would play 
complementary role in order to 
achieve the ASs goals, 

" I was more the agitator, he was 
more the negotiator," McKay aid, 
" It was my job to get the i sues to 
the forefront and to mobilize tu-
dents, and John brought the is ues 

John Edson 
illustrations by 

Miguel Buckenmeyer 

to the administration." 
Although she and Edson did 

disagree on certain issues. McKay 
aid that their trategy was effec-

tive. 
The outstanding i sue which 

encompassed the goals. efforts, and 
accomplishments of the A.S. was 
RIMAe. 

"We started with RIMAC in a 
big way." McKay recalled. "It 

brought up a lot of is ues that 
drove the A.S. all year -

looking into procedures, 
looking into committee , 
and looking into the cam-
pus as a whole." 

"We educated our-
selves on where UCSO 
was going, if there were 

trations. 
Our-dn said he regretted campu 

issues, such as diversity and reten-
tion, were not addressed enough , 

Edson mentioned that hi "most 
frust rating experience" was at-
tempting to work with the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee 
(SAA C) on amending t:le fi ve-year 
Affirnlative Action pl an. 

"My efforts to deal with SAAC 
were greeted with apprehension. 
Rather than fighting the adminis-
tration, SAAC took on the students 
who wanted to help . .. I believe in 
what I was doing, and] was treated 
as though I didn ' t belong there," 
Edson said. 

McKay aid that the individual 
colleges require an excessive time 
commitrment from their AS. sena-
tors, which impedes them from 
adeq uately serving the council. 

"Until the colleges loosen upon 
the senators, they will be the dead 
weights on council - always," 
she said. 

McKay said she thinks that a 
re tructuring of the A.S. would 
prevent the executives from "burn-
ing out" as a resull of working 
beyond their capaci ty. 

She reported working 40 or 
more hours a week for the AS., 
while Edson estimated that at times 
he put in as much as 60 hours a 
week, 

" For my personal life, it 
sucked." McKay said. "I let my 
personal life be non-existent." 

Edson said he made sacrifices 
in terms of "both friends and aca-
demics, and even physically - I 
worked myself to physical exhaus-
tion," he said, mentioning an Oc-
tober stress attack that landed him 
in the hospital. 

Duran and Edson reported tak-
ing an average of eight unit per 
quarter during their time in office. 

hou ing plan. on 
preventing the 
Academic Senate 
from withdrawing the 
$6 million it had ear-
marked for the con-
trover ial Recre-
ational Intramural 
Athletic and Event 
Center (RIMAC). 

Molly McKay 

going to be problems 
for the tudents, 
and how to olve 
them . We pent 
hours on RIMAC," 

" Even that was extremely diffi-
cult," Ed on said. " I hone tly felt 
like I wa -:l ' t a student, [ felt like I 
had a full-time job and took clas es 
on the side. [Being president] cut 
m apart from student life." 

and on taking part in the discus-
ions on a move to Division n 

athletics. 
McKay also tried to "demystify" 

the AS. by giving students oppor-
tunities to panicipate. For example. 
tudents were invited to attend a 

conference of the University of 

Duran said. 
Although Duran admitted that 

there was a conflict over whether 
or not RIMAC should exi t, he 
said it was the overwhelming de-
sireofthecouncil to"set the record 
straight." 

Out of the RIMAC controversy. 
the need for greater student input 

"You walk to cia s and see 
people lying on the hump or kick-
ing back by the Sun God ... I used 
to be jealous." Duran recalled, "Blot 
now I've come to terms with that. 
A lot of times I feel like 'Hey, a 101 
of people come to college for dif-
ferent things.' Just because we care 
about students i enough." 

THURSDAY AND 
FRIDAY 
Anne Frank Exhibit 
r.7The UCSD Sociology 

~ Department's multi- media 
pre. e ntation, entitled "Anne 
Frank in The World," con-
cludes this Friday in Price 
Center Gallery B. Featuring 
photo, literature, and a half-
hour film on Frank, the exhibit 
is open from 8 a.m. until 8 
p,m. Admission is free. For 
more info" call 534-EDNA. 

THURSDAY THRU 
SUNDAY 
Jungle of Cities 
r.7The UCSD Theatre De-

~ partment presents Bertoh 
Brecht's "Jungle of Cities" in 
the 409 Studio Theatre (UCSD 
campus) at 8 p.m. (Thursday 
through Saturday) and at 7 p .m. 
(Sunday only)_ Admission: $5, 
tickets available at the door. 

The Lady And The 
Clarinet 
r.7The San Diego Actor 

~ Theatre presents Michael 
Cristofer's "The Lady and the 
Clarinet" at the Gaslamp 
Quarter Theatre (5474th Ave., 
downtown). This comedy, 
which highlights music a one 
of the main character, will be 
performed at 8 p.m. (Thurs day 
through Saturday) and at 7 p .m. 
(S unday only) through June 
30th. Admission : $15, Thurs-
day and Sunday, and $17, 
Friday and Saturday. For 
reservations and more info., 
call 268-4494. 

FRIDAY 
I Love You 

~ Alternative rockers I Love 
You will be performing 

with Liquid Jesus at The Bac-
chanal (8022 Clairemont Mesa 
Blvd.) starting at 9:30 p .m. 
Admission: $5.91. Don't forget, 
21 and over. 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

THE BLACK CROWES 

By Bryan 0185 
Staff Writer 

Many compare (hem to Ihe Rolling Stones. LynyrdSkynyrd. 
The Georgia Satell ites, and even Humble Pie. But the Black 
Crowes are beginning to prove that they are in a league all by 
themselves. If you haven' t heard of the Crowes. with their 
grungy blues and wild antics, then you've probably been living 
in a hole or something for the past six months. 

The Crowes - Chris Robinson (vocals), brother Rich 
(guitar), Jeff Cease (guitar), Johnny Colt (bass). and Steve 
Gorman (drums) - released their debut album Shake YOUI' 
Money Maker last year to critical acclaim and ever-increasing 
popularity. The album has gone top IO and has produced three 
top 40 ingles thus far: "Jealous Again," Otis Redding ' " Hard 
to Handle." and "She Talks to Angels." heir latest single about 
a heroin addict that Chris Robinson knew. "We ju t tell the 

truth," said Rich Robin on. " Whethersomethng i, good or bad. 
right or wrong." 

When the band was wrted five years ago by the Robinson 
brothers, they called themselves Mr. Crowe's Garden. TIley 
played their first gig in Chattanooga. Tennesseee, when Chri ~ 
was IS and Rich was a wee 15-yeolI-old guitar slinger. "TIle club 
owner wrote us a check for $50 and it bounced," Rich recalls. 

In 1988, the band formed its current line-up. adding Cease 10 
achieve a two-guitar effect, as opposed to Rich being a soloist. 
After changing their name to the Black Crowes. the band was 
signed by Def American to produce an album. "We wanted to 
use allihese different guitars and amps for different ounds," 
recalled Chris. "But we get to the studio in Atlantaand we find 
we only had three guitars and two amp ." 

Whether unintentional o r not, this simplicity has defined 

Page H5 

A Feeding Frenzy 
For Parrotheads 
• Jimmy Buffett to play Aztec Bowl 
By Anthony de la Fuente 
Guardian Reporter 

Well, it 's that time again. Get out the loudesl floral shirt and 
mix up a gallon of margaritas. Jimmy Buffett is making hi~ 
rounds. and on June 14 at the Aztec Bowl, all the Parrotheads 
will unite. Buffell will be touring the country louting his lalest 
MeA release. Feeding Frenzy, full of his best song of all-time 
and a couple new ones. 

Everyone knows of Buffett's songs. even though some may 
not know who sings. His music has been described by many as 
"a mix of Caribbean flair with the lilt of the Soulh Sea~ and the 
craziness of rock with the tenderness of a ballad." Buffett's best 
known songs include " Margaritaville" and "Cheeseburger in 
Paradise," His career has spanned four decades. but you would 
hever know it by the energy he puts into his music. 

Page H5 

Friday. November 9. 1990 H1 



2 HIATUS 

FIX 2 Only The Lonely 
Truth Or Dare Backdraft 

What About Bob? Hudson Hawk 
Mann~uin Two: On The Move 

Thelma And Louise 

University Town Centre 

Backdraft 
Ambition 

452-7766 

Hudson Hawk Drop Dead Fred 
Switch Thelma And Louise 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
What About Bob? 

Truth Or Dare / Impromptu 
Soapdish 

Only The Lonely 

Cinema 283-5909 
June 6-1 S : Poison 

Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
Orion Pictures \ ill be relem,ing a ~eq ue l to their film "Bi ll 

amJ T.:d·~ Exccilcill dvt:nture." Th~ ~ Il ow-up i, titled "Bill 
and T~d', Bogu, Journcy." The ,oundtracI.. for the film. which 
wtll hit the ,torc, Jul y 9, fea tu rc, a ~ I ew of rock n' ro llers. 
including Faith 0 More. Kis~. Megadeth. Slaught er. teve 
Val. Primus. and a few more. In fac t. F M' guitarist. Ji m 
Mal1in. appears in the film as "The World '5 Greatest Guitarist." 
Primus plays in the film 's battle o' the bands. and Vui's riff ure 
heard when e il is afoot. Sounds radical . not bogus ... 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Folk-rocker and cri tic's fave, Richard Thompson has re-

leased hi s lates t so lo album called RlIlIlor and Sigh. 
Thompson 's albums I Wallf ro See rlre Briglrr Lights and Sfrool 
OUllfre Lights were placed by Rolling Stolle in the top I OOof al\ 
time. Thompson recently appeared with the Talking Heads' 
David Byrne in un a oustic set in New York to promote the new 
album. The perfomlance which fem ured songs by both Byrne 
and Thompson and a urious version of Plast ic Benand's "Ca 
Plane Pour MoL .. " 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Here's all the releases we've heard about for the summer 0 

far: De La Soul. N.W.A. Robbie eville. School of Fish. The 
Cavedogs. Crowded House, Grapes of Wrath. Smithereen -, 
Jean Luc Ponty, Del Shannon, and Roben Palmer featurin g 
UB40 doing a cover of Dylan's ''I'll Be Your Baby Tonight." 

By Bryan Dias and Dave Linbe rg 

H AIR CUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg . $19) 
UCSD P EC I AL 
Perm & HairclII 
or Higilliglu & HaircLIt $50 

950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 
FOR APPal T,\1ENT PLEA £ CALL 

The UCSD Guardian 

Celebrity 
Skin 
+No, it's not a 
naked movie 
star, it is a band 
By Wa lter R. BI" 8 
Sraff Writer 

When Celebri ty Skin perfomled 
live in San Diego la t year, they 
wore these horrible grey mortician 
suits . and opened up their set with 
Abba 's "S.O.S." ... 

Celebrity Skin is the ' 70s arena 
rock-god opera, with you in the 
first 10 rows. 

In native Hollywood. the Skin 
i king, being one of the best non-
metal dra ws. The last show they 
headlined in April was at the Hol-
lywood High gymna ium with the 
Dickies, and yes, TinyTim was the 
opening act. 

The band has a record coming 
out on Triple X in July, but Celeb-
rity Skin has to be seen live . 

Lead vocalistGary Jacoby looks 
like Marceau Marceau on exactly, 
miming the words while one of the 
other band members is inconspicu-
ously s inging. This adds adynamic 

theatrical aspect to their intense 
p laying 

When the Skin recent ly per-
formed at the Casbah, bassist Tim 
Ferris looked like Paul Stanley of 
Kiss, complete with a big s il verstar 
in his ear. 

11.eonlyclrawbackofcTanlming 

Thursday, February 28,1991 

these five g uys into such a small 
club, was that leg kicks had to be 
kept to a mini mum. 

Ferris was asked by Hiatus if 
any two Celebrity Skin shows are 
ever alike. "I wouldn 't know be-
cause I' ve never seen one," Ferris 
replied. All that glitters is gold. 

'This world falls on Ole 
with dreams of imlDortality ... ' 
Indigo Girls. June 30. SDSU's Open Air Theatre. 
If you've never caught the Indigos live , 
this concert's your chance .. . 

And here's a nother 
chance. We're giving 
away copies of their 
new live Epic CD Back 
On the Bus, Y'aU. 
Write your name and phone 
number on a slip of paper 
and drop it in the black box at 
the front of the Guardian 
office (2ndfloor, Old Student 
Center) by 1 p.m., FrI. , June 
7. Tickets for the show are 
now on sale through 
Ticketmaster (27B-TIXS). 
Photo by Brian MorriS/Guardian 

Thursday, J une 6,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Beyond the Dead, Wasserman Holds 
His Own With New Album, Trios 
By Greg Huffslu"er 
Staff Writer 

Every self-respecting Deadhead 
knows the name Rob Wasserman . 
He ' I ike Tonto to the Lone Ranger. 
Ed McMahon to Johnny. Robin to 
Batman. 

He 's the man who plays bass 
when their lord, the a ll-mighty Bob 
Weir, takes a break from the Grate-
ful Dead and does hi s own thing. 

But Wasserman doesn't see 
himself a Weir's sidekick. Nor 
does he concentrate all his energy 
toward thi s musical relationship 
with the Dead guitarist. It 's just 
one project out of dozens in the life 
of one of America's finest tand-
up bassists. 

After graduating from the San 
Francisco Conservatory . 
Wasserman, now 37. began his 

ba·~ career as a street musician 
with a jazz group. After early 
projects with Van Morri son and 
Oingo Boingo, Wasserman re-
leased a highly-acclaimed solo al-
bum in 1983. 

Since his fo llow-up a lbum, 
Duets, was released in 1988, 
Wasserman has completed work 
on E lvis Costello 's Mighty Like A 
Rose, former Beach Boy Brian 
Wilson 's latest re lease, and Lou 
Reed's upcoming album. 

W asserman w ill be join ing the 
Willie Dixon Dream Band for the 
Bl ues '9 1 festival at the Pacific 
Amphitheater in Irvine on June 8. 
And, in a recent telephone inter-

view, he revealed thatthe first Weir 
& Wasserman album w ill follo w 
their spring tour. 

But, according to Wassemlan, 
hi s highest priority is fini shing hi 
next album, Trios. by the end of 
1991. 

On Duets, W as erman u cd hi 
six-string Cievengcrstand-up bass 
as the common thread bet ween the 
different duets. each featuring a 
different singer/paformer. Ricky 
Lee Jones. Lou Reed. Aaron 
Neville , and Bobby McFerrin were 
just some of the artists Wasserman 
attracted for Duets, even though he 
dido ' t have a record contract at the 
time. Wasse rman later struck a 
deal with the Russian Hill record-
ing studio and had his attorney cut 
hi s vocalis ts in on a share of the 
royaltie . 

It was Duets that detonated 
Wasserman 's career. He was voted 
the 1989 Critic 's Pick Award in 
Rolling Stolle for Best Bassist. 
Duets was also indirect ly respon-
sible for his first jam session with 
Bob Weir. Over two years ago, 
Wassennan's wife , Clare, pro-
duced a tribute to Paula Walker -
the di rector of Wasserman 's music 
videos for Duets - in conjunction 
with the Mill Valley Film Festival. 

"The festiva l, along with Clare, 
wanted an evening of duets, along 
with t he s pirit of Du ets," 
Wassennan said. "I thought about 
who lived around here, because I 
don' t really work in the Bay Area 

very much, I mainly work in New 
York and L.A. So 1 thought , 'Well , 
who else lives around here ... I think, 
urn, oh yeah, the Grateful Dead.' 
Well, I like Jerry Garcia a lot. I 
invited him. but he couldn't make 
it. and Bob Weir [ invited because 
I like hi s tyle a lot and he appar-
ently had just gOllen DUNS. He 
really loved the album, and he 
came down to this lillIe club and 
we jammed - and that wa. the 
beginning of our duo. And we 
decided that it was so much fun 
that we would keep doing it." 

Wasserman said that the fans at 
Wei r & Wa emlan shows have 
c hanged : " I think it was more a 
Deadhead kind of audience in the 
beginning. But as it's gotten go-
ing. it's become more of a mish-
mash blend than it used to be. It' s 
not as much pure 'his' followin g 
anymore." 

Lenny Naftnlin, a UCSD stu-
dent who is a veteran of over 20 
Grateful Dead concerts and three 
Weir & Wassemlan shows, said 
that during the duo' last San Di-
ego appearance at the Spreckles 
Theater, •. A good number of people 
that I talked to around the show 
had never seen Weir& W asse nnan, 
and were Deadheads just trying to 
get a chance to see Bobby. But 
after the show. I think everybody 
that I ta lked to wa definitely im-
pressed with Rob Wasserman." 

And Wasserman is sure to fur-
ther expand his audience after the 

release of his up oming album. 
Trios expands on Duels wit h the 
obvious addition of a th ird al1ist 
per song, plus the! ne!w requirement 
that the material must be an origi-
Ilal written by at least one of the 
perfom1ers. Wasse ml:lIl said in a 
interview with Mllsicia/l magazine 
in 1990 that he expected to feature 
some "unknown al1i sts, because I 
don ' t want thi to be an all-star 
record." 

But despite Wasserman '5 ap-
prehens ion. Trios has indeed 
evolved into an all -star record. 
W asserman recorded his first song 
for the album, "Zillionaire ," fea-
turing Edie Brickell and Je rry 
Garcia in his first piano-playing 
role in a zi llion years. 

Wasserman has also completed 
trios with famous blues star Willie 
Dixon and Al Duncan. and another 
with ElvisCostelloand Marc Ribot 
on asong wri tten by Costello titled 
" Put Your Big Toe in the Milk of 

HIATUS 3 

Hu man Kindness." 
During last year's New Year'~ 

Eve Grateful Dead sh w in Oak-
land , Wa sser man perforllled 
"White Wheeled Limousine" with 
Bruce Horns by and Branford 
Marsali s. a 'ong they had recorded 
for Trio.l· the day before the con-
cert. 

Wasse llllan has also lined up 
trios with Michelle Shocked and 
Paul imon, and another wi th the 
two " Bobs" - Bob Dylan and Bob 
Weir. Wassennan will also be per-
fomling a (rio wi th himse lf. "Be-
cause solo I did a whole album 
called S%S and on Duets I did a 
duet with myself, '0 I have to con-
tinue that." he said. 

With the line up of his upcom-
ingalbulll , it seems that Wassennan 
wi ll al so conti nue winning over 
cri tics. audiophiles. and Deadheads 
alike. Not bad for a Illan who 
bought his first stand-up bass be-
cause he "got a good deal on i!.·' 

ares 
"THI KIDS IN THE HAll II 
VIDlo VIEWING PAl" 

DANZA CONTEMPORANEA 

TONIGHTI • JUNE 6 • 9PM • FREE 
PRICE CENTER GAME ROOM 

Sponsored by University Evenll & Student Activities and The Price Center Game Room 

RARY DA 

Ju E 1 • T UE . • 8r • M A, J EVILLE A UD. 
C.A.$lO · T.$7 · CSDFAC/ ST/\IT&SR. n . S7 

U 'SD 13 OFrI ·E . )\4-h I1>7 
Prc"'nkd bv U so nl\'('r'11 Ev('nt' . Thc (,'nt"r tor .., nCiCifiir. ............ 
& /\.1C'\ I('111 ">tudll" ,lnd th., on,ul,ttl' (,lnt'r.)! (II h · 1\0 -'o;'~;'-~7!~itx s . 



4 HIATUS 

Loud Music. 
chedelic 
ights. 

(Just What Jim Morrison Had In Mind.) 
LA ER ll' M PRE 

rHE DOORS 
Thl' I.I'l· r- li~hl ,h()\\ 1I11lutie' lour !.I\!lflll" IlIXlf' tUh 1I1liuLill1g 

11,~hl . 1/ 1' FIn . /JfI 'all (III nmJ/l,l.;h ,JIld N{(h'/~ /)11 n'I' \101"11/ , II hill-
1,.1\ pIOn .tntl .Irgoll I.I'l'r, .Irl· ,hOI !II l·rhl'.ld Pill'. 1'111" rim d , 
' /11(' \l tlll I' ,1111 pl.l\ 1I1~ RE~N H, FL£ET 

( .lii .!5H II (.\{ 1"1 ,holl 11111\" 51 ,v~~·"l-"· 
r1lL'1l UlIlll' hI Il.tlho.l 1',11 " 1(\IlIJ_!lll --- .. ~ 
Illlli).!hl ~()1I1 I,ll' THEATER "NO SCIENCE CENTER 
,ll I' I )f\U '11111 \l/ll> \llIcll'lIIlll 

UCSD Summer Session 
has added the following course 

, Fir t es ion (July l-A"ugust 2) 
Biology 10] : Biochemistry 
Lit/ panish 2A: Readings & Composition 
Lit/Spanish 28: Readings & Interpretations 
Lit / Spanish SOB: Rcadings in Latin 
American 
Lit / panish 134: Argentine Litcrature 

-Second Session (August S-Septcmber 6) 
Biology 13: Nutrition 

For furth er information, phone the Summer 
Session Office at 534-4364 or 534..4365_ 

U CS D 
ut"lvFI~SlrY (Jr' C AllfC)PhJlA SAN I )1f-'( '7 (") 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 6, 1991 

ALBUM R EVIEW In Love With Me?" Buckley ' delicately powerful and engaging voice delivers intel-
ligent, thought-provoking lyrics: 
where is Ihe pllrpose in ),Ollr fifel 
where is Ihe IrUlhldo you remem-
ber your hopes/your dreams/ ... lhis 
day is for living ),our own life/ 
den' l leI this world copllIre your 
hearll 'our passion lost 10 a Ihou-
sand themes/surrender to Ihe 
screen". 

BullelBoys 
Freakshow 
Warner Brolhers 

Thi sophomore LP from the 
BulletBoys is proof that the age-
old adage "if it ai n't broke, don't 
fix it" till applies to the record 
industry today. Sticking to typical 
chord progressions and vocal melo-
die ' , the BulletBoy have not ad-
vanced much since thei r debut re-
lease. Freakslrow conrinue to de-
fine the BulletBoys' ound. one 
which flu ctuates bel ween the now 
standard rock groove and straight -
up boogie, always a prelty-boy 
metal edge, and 1110 t of the time a 
hint of vintage Van Halen. 

Oddly enough,theobvious Van 
Ilalen influence is mosl evidenr in 
the album's final track>. as if in 
tribute t the old glory days priOrlO 
Van Hagar. Not only does H in-
fluence the mu~ic.lead s inger Marq 
Torien should give Diamond Dave 
some roya lt ies for borrowing 
Dave' distinctive yelp. Maybe the 
BulletBoy~ were coa ed into it by 
their producer. Ted Templeman _ 
who was abo at the helm of early 
Van Halen. Go figure. 

Freakshow doc have ome of 
its own merit s, The production 
value is great - not overpro-
duced. atypical ofmo t oftoday's 
efforts - there i kind of a "jam 
session" quality to it. Songs like 
"THC Groove" and the opener 
" Hell Yea h! " are c lassic 
Bu1\etBoys material. More impre -
sive than th album's great art-
work i the inclusion of an instru-
mental , a commodity often left out 
of modem rock releases. Despite 
the fact that the instrumental, 
"Huge," is arranged likeapopmelal 
song minus vocals. it stands on its 
own musical merits, and does have 
a small bit of vocal entertainment. 

-ROUNDTRIPS!· 
NYC/D.C. /BOS 
LONDON 
TOKYO 
SYDNEY 
AMSTERDAM 
MADRID 
COSTA RICA 
FMNKFURT 
COPENHAGEN 
BAU 

• USSR PACKAGES 

'rom $303 
'rom $520 
'rom S560 
'rom $929 
!rom S5911 
from $698 
from $299 
!rom S669 
from SI30 
.from 591. 

• £URAIL "ASSES lISle CARDS 
• ISIS TRAVEL INlURANa 
- ADVICE FROM EXPERTS 

5131 QJU.EGE AVE_ 4118 
SAN otEGO, CA n'15 

1 -800-777-0112 
619- 286-1322 

~j 
57A TF1AVLL 

• ~ ,. ~', .••• '; j,\ , ~ 

The phrase, Hyou've got big ball .. 
is whispered every so often, add-
ing texture. 

The final complaint is imple: 
no Ly ric sheet. There is a fold-out 
poster of the album art, giant pic-
tures of each band member, lame 
" Freakshow" type pictures of de-
formed animal , but no Lyric sheet! 
To further this dilemma, the songs 
are not Ii ted in playing order any-
where but on the di c it elf, which 
does me no good becau e if! wanr 
to know what track I am listening 
to and I'm listening to the disc, I 
can't find out unless the disc is 
taken out, a paradox that really 
transcends all packaging logic. 

Banderas 
Ripe 
London 

- Joseph Garcia 

They have the ineadO'Connor 
look. Evetything But The Girl' 
jazzy ' ound. and they ca1\ them-
'elves Banderas. Banderas is Span-
ish for "flags," suggesting univer-
sality, And why not. After all , their 
lyric are rich with philo ophical 
ovenones and their music is ar-
ranged with a diversilY of instru-
ments ranging from the classicism 
of violin and violas to the moder-
nity of syntheziser and drum ma-
chine _ 

The Scotlish/Engli h Banderas 
arecompri edofCarolineBuckley 
and Sally Herbert. Ripe is their 
very promising debut album pro-
duced by Stephen Hague, who has 
produced for New Order as well. 

Buckley and Herbert get help 
from a variety of musicians, in-
cluding ex-Smith's guitarist 
Johnny Marr in the track "This Is 
Your Life," and Jimmy 
Summerville in "Why Aren't You 

"This Is Your Life" is already 
receiving airplay on some alterna-
tive mu ic radio station and will 
eventually be fo\1owed by "Why 
Aren't You In Love With Me" and 
"She Sells." This one stans with 
the muffled strings guitar intro-
duction to Led Zeppelin's " Black 
Dog." 

The blend of jazz with modem 
pop/dance beats throughout the 
album is interesting. "Never Too 
Late" i a seductive ballad that 
expo e the subtlety of Buckley's 
voice. 

Like ophisticated music? Then 
thi album i for you. 

- Jorge MartInez 

Primal Scream 
Come Together 
Sire 

Primal Scream has taken ad-
vantage of the apparent craze for 
music with that funky drum ma-
chine beat found in popular song 
Ii ke Susan Vega ' s renovated 
'Tom's Diner." By mixing this 
dance beat with pulsating bass, rip-
ping guitar , and a hom section, 
Primal Scream creates a tota\1y 
new sound_ 

Unfonunately, this type of mix 
can only be used so often, and 
aside from two songs that are cre-
ated in this way, the other two cuts 
on the album fail to display this 
level of originality_ Primal 

See REVIEWS, Page 6 

~STORAGE I 
ONE MONTH 

FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT I 

Self Service storage 5 7 $24 
at lowest rates X· 

Pay for 2 months, 
get the third month 

FREE 
9780 Candida St. 
566·3881 

9780 CANDIDA ST. 

.... 

.. 

CMda. 

+52--'~----lf---+ 

Thursday, June 6, 1991 

CROWES 
Continued from H1 
the Crowes' sound, a straight-for-
ward rock n' blues attack_ Onstage, 
Rich use only a FenderTeleca ter 
guitar and a Fender amplifier. no 
effect. no gimmicks, just rock n' 
roll. 

" A lot of band today just do 
this [play popular rock music) so 
they can have a bunch of 14-year-
old girl look at them and say 
'oooh,'" Rich commented_ "They 
get signed because they look cool. 
play cool solo. It's like mas pro-
duction. What happened to the 
songs?!" 

But the Crowes have not e -
caped with their popularity un-

sca thed . They were recently 
dropped as the opening act from 
ZZ Top' national tour becau e 
Chris made everal remarks on-
stage chastizing ZZ Top for hav-
ing their tour ponsored by corpo-
rate funds . 

But the band bounced back with 
typical Black Crowe' re iliance. 
They promptly announced their 
own seven-week tour, headlining 
theater-sized venues across the 
country. The tourwill make one of 
its final stops here in San Diego at 
the SDS U Open Air TheateronJ une 
11th. Theopnening act is Jellyfish. 

If you want to see one of the 
few, if not the only, major new 
rock n ' roll band actually playing 
rock n' roll, then you hould mark 

UNDllGUDUAflSI 
DONI, FORGn 

To KEEP YOUR BoD 
ConUD WITH 

SUMMER SICKNESS 
& ACCIDINT INSUUNCE 

The UCSD Guardian 

of the 11th on your calendar and 
muster up $20 for a sure-fire good 
time_ 

The Black Crowes bring rock 
n' roll back to it roots while keep-
ing original and clear of falling 
into a rut . The band does have an 
attitude. they don't deny it . "We 're 
very pass ionate about life," said 
Chris . "We feel and think what-
ever we want to. If we want to sit in 
a room and listen to a record for 
twodays,that's what wedo. We're 
not about compromise. We know 
what we need to do and we do it-
when it feels right. " 

When : June 11 , 8 p.m. 
Where: Open Air Theater 
Tickets : 278-TIXS 

BUFFETT 
Continued from H1 

His shows are more like a beach 
pany than a concen , and Buffett 
attracts both young and old audi-
ences. 

Fans dance in the aisles and 
double for the choir in some songs. 
It tums into a feeding frenzy when 
Buffett plays party songs "Fins." 
·'Volcano." and .-A Pirate Looks at 
40," 

Make sure you dress casual -
hort and thongs are mandatory 

- and true fans will wear the Ha-
waiian shins so bright you think 
they run on balleries. 

If you still don ' t feel like taking 
a chance, you can get a preview by 

HIATUS 5 

picking up the new live album. 
The Parrot heads won't be dis-

appointed wilh thi o ne. It has a 
g reat version of "Why Don ' l We 
Get Drunk ," which Buffett calls 
"A Love Song (From a Different 
Point ofView)."\t contains all the 
c Ia sics plu a good version of 
Harry Belafonte 's "Jamaica Fare-
welL" 

As Buffe tt says, " I f we wou ldn' t 
laugh we'd all go insane." This 
tells us about Jimmy Buffett and 
his music. It' s fun. not political. 
and he' s not out to change your 
mind, just make you smile. 

When: June 14, 6:30 p.m. 
Where: Aztec Bowl 
Tickets: 278-TIXS 

FIRST MONTH 1 /2 PRICE* 
Storage Spaces For Rent by the Month 

• Plus a $6 ,()() adnuflls"am'~f~c 

Itls effective while traveling or staying home ... 
protects continuity of coverage 

CWREMOIT MESA 
8000 Raytheon 

(1- 05 to Ctaircmonl McS!l cx il 
and go en t) 
279-9404 

MIRAMAR AREA 
9550 Kearny Mesa 
ear Comcr of 1-15 & Miramar 

Rd.) 
566-7090 

NORTH SAIl DIEGO 
11 303 on ento Valley Rd. 

453-6100 

Registered Spring students, Summer students and 
June graduates are eligible to purchase insurance. 

STUDENT $167.00. SPOUSE $210.00. CHILDREN $142.00 

ENROLLING NOW until July 16th 
information and applications are available at 

Student Health Center • Q-039 • 534-2123 

ring your used 
te)lrtbooks* to the 

L.Jt= S D 
IJ()()K";' <>1-11 

of~he 

TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534·4557 
OPEN lION - FRI 8 AM - 6 PM AND SAT 10 AM - 4 PM 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FOR ADDITIOIlAl 
LOCAnONS CALL 
1-80H4STORE 

rAP 0,30191 

MISSION BAY 
5175 

Pacific Highway 
299-8853 

Good 01 all 
an Diego localiolls 

I ')' S () I~ 
~1~Il)lllIN ' 

""" ... ",.v, Store 

NAL & OUT-OF·STATE 
.. , LOTTO .. , LOTTER Y ... 
S FROM HOMEMADE TO 

DECADENT, .. BUD'S SAN FRANCISCO ICE CREAM PARLOR 
.. .IMPORTED CHOCOLATES ... CUSTOM GIFT BASKETS 

.. ,UNIQUE CARDS & GIFTS ... WE BELlEVE WE HAVE THE 
BEST SELECTlON IN SAN DIEGO! 

We padutCe and 
lII.p .. ywhere. 

Just minutes 
from 

c....,a! 

T 

FREE DEUVERY 
In La Jolla, GoIdeII TMtgI .... 

Oft ... orden $35 ... over 

3251 Holiday Court, Suite 10 1 • La Jolla 
Open FrIday & Saturday until 2 a.m. • 455 -1414 

12-pak $ 99 
....,+CRVjTax 

--------------------- I 

:::::= FREE : Bud'. Ice Cream Perior I 
and .at a 2nd cone 

Elp 7/1/91 I 

--------------------~ 



6 HlATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 6,1991 

I-~~;' :a,--ci]pi(~~:+-' L.A., Drugs, and George Bush 
• The reality of our surroundings and Kendall Jones 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABlE 

3211 Holiday a (ReX' '0 Domtlf()'s PlzzQ) • 4.~2-!J949 
M.F8:306pm Ex 7691 
Sat 1 ·4pm W"hUC"O'O 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

~S:,~~ 
I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 

Call lor delalls • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap · Only $48 

Nol a lel11JOlaf)' wale( klsS : Recb:e celuile and streIch marlts 

PERM STRAIGHT 
Our new merhod of 

relaxing permed or 
naturally curly hair. 
Save $ 20 NOW! 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Explr • • 7/t 5191 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 
HAIRCUTS 
Women's .............. $18 
Men's ................... $14 

Blow dry no< ."d..t.d 

PlRM • COLOR • HI-un $10 OFf _ .. _ PrIc. 
(NOI .. lwI WIth"", ""'" <I!tr.) 

:P~5r~ C~5 
A full se rvice salon 

La Jolla Village Square 
Open 7 days. evenings too . 455- 1700 

You are invited to 

the third annual 

Bloomsday 
at the UCSD Bookstore 

June 16, 1991 
8 a.m. to 8 p.m. 

Irish music 
Liffey Folk. 

I 
I By Mark Trostler all of the song came out. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Guardian Reporter 
Kendall Ray Jones i the guitar-

i t of Lo Angeles' Fi hbone. He 
recenlly shared a few words with 
the Guardian about the new al-
bum, The Rea/iry ofMy Surround-
ings,life in L.A., and the world in 
general. 

Guardian ; What has caused Ihe 
change in your style of mu ic? 

Kendall Ray Jones; When we 
fir t tarted we were always doing 
(ska). but now we have more con-
trol over what we play. 

G; So you 've wanted to play 
your new Iype of music all along? 

KRJ ; No. we Slill play songs 
like that stuffoffthe first EP. We've 
got new ka ongs coming out, and 
we're never going to stop playing 
ska. We can do whatever we want, 
we ju t chose to do Ihi [the new 
album]. 

G; Heavy guitar music? 
KRJ ; We 've always done 

and Ihis wa something 
cided we had to do 
Fishbone was UCl...UIII....-

We ' ll be starting to make a live 
concert video on this new tour and 
we mighl put some unreleased 
songs on that. We have a 101 of 
ongs we only play liveand haven 't 

been released on any al bum. 
"Fishbone ]s Red Hot" has never 
made it on a record. 

Fishbone is a band that's al-
ways changing and we're ble sed 
with that, and some people can't 
handle that kind of freedom, 'Oh 
Fi hbone has changed!' No we're 
not, we're still having fun! 

G: So the new album is the new 
direction for Fishbone? 

KRJ: Well . there's going to be 
a 101 more music coming - and I 
don ' t know about "changing"-
it's more like evolving. 

G; So every new album will be 
d:fferent? 

KRJ; Ab olutely. We' re going 
we'll 

party band, and it's ~CIIIIM!rhin~tII~iE;~i;;=I~ we've been trymg:ow,preaJvalllay 
from for quite sOJ __ le. 
took a lot of the ... I'I'mI· .... ~iirI 
one. 

Fishbone er been 
one thing , and that whj it 
lot of peoplo. whl e to 
us. You come 10 a Fi hbol1e show 
and you ' ll III the au. Ii I 
funk . all the herIJ IIWIII. 

G: What mlllic dO you llIIi:n to 
when you're DOIliskn!Jla to,our-
elf? 

KRJ : Anythq. JIZZ., MiIea 
Davis. New banda, I like new 
bands, Jane 's (Addiction], I lib 
Primus. We haven't played wilh 
Jane' (Addiction) orlhe Red Hots 
in a long time. 

It was really coollplaying with 
them). They' re greal bands. and if 
Perry doe n't break up the band 
we'll play w:th Ja.ne· Addiction 
again . 

G: What happened to Ihe live 
album Ihat was supposed 10 be 
released? 

KRJ: What wedid was put some 
live tracks on the new album. Not 

btJf where's it 
All of our tec:fll'Clrs~I~' 

tbaotlOdl 
aet beeler ......... ., .. -
when Ibey ........ It-lll~ .. re ska-. fJom y ........... ftDd it's 
comiai! 

G:What' ~bebind'" 
new record? 

KRJ: WeD we tried to put ev-
erythingontbere-it' . Ilya 
concept record, tbe ~ity 01 our 
surroundiop. wIw it's like livin8 
in L.A., being black, being poor. 

h ' not an "exclu ioni t" record, 
it's abou t letting people know 
wh:ll's going on, not just through 
the music. but on interviews we try 
to educate them and let them know 
that thi is not the land of milk and 
honey. 

Continuous reading from 
James Joyce's masterpiece 

Ulysses 

James Joyce. ca. 1930 

Two perfonnances 
3 p.m. - 4 p.m. and 
6 p.m. - 7 p .m. 

For more information 
OR TO VOLUNTEER AS A READER, call 534-3149 

The cops are the ones elling 
[drugs), not ju t the crack dealers, 
and there ' ll always be a problem 
with drug untilwegetsomeonein 
power who doesn't want them there 
anymore. 

George Bu h is the bigge t drug 
dealer in America, the C.I.A. oper-
ate plane from Central America 
to the U.S. thaI distribute drugs. 
They'll never legalize drugs be-
cause they make so much money 
illegally to finance all their covert 
operations independently of any 
tax revenue. 

This is an old story and when 
people find out about it they ju t 
watch T.V. and can't belie~e iI , 
"Not George Bush, not Ronald 
Reagan," they just can't believe; it. 

There's a lot of myths that need 
10 be dispelled. The police sell 
drugs so they try to keep the co-
caine in a certain neighborhood. 
The hypocrisy of drugs should be 
taken OUI and education should be 

sornecme smokes a joint they 
be taken to jail. I see no 

the government should 
off it while at the 

"er'eWI! certain drugs 
~:""\Il!~!"'I'!'l'lu .. 't be fucking 
\~~:=I===j~h:~er~~o~i;n , things I people. 

,. .. 9i ..... "'ow what these 
,!bII.r~~jrllll!lt'''leffects you, let 

~'ucated choice, 
tbElColdlj they don ' I even 

KRJ ; It ' s not ajob, it 's an ad-
venture! It' s a lifestyle, but it's not 
the end-all be-all of my existence. 

G: So what else is there besides 
Fishbone? 

KRJ: Sex. children, family , 
love, heart . 

REVIEWS 
Continued frOm page 4 
Scream's Come Together is amini-
cassete containing their two big 
singles "Come Together" and 
"Loaded" in a variety of different 
mixes. ''I'm Losing More Than I'll 
Ever Have" and "Ramblin Rose" 
are the two poorer tracks on the 
album, lacking that new mix of 
sounds. "Loaded" is the biggest 
single, employing.the drum ma-
chine and a variety of other instru-
ments, with a guy saying how he 
wants to be free to party and get 
loaded. It's a arcastic me age, 
however, and takes nothing away 
from the instrumentals that make 
the song."Loaded" captures three 
different mixes on the album and 
"Come Together," the other big 
Single. has two. The group is obvi-
ously milking these two songs for 
all they can get, trying to cover up 
the weakness of the Olhercuts. But 
the different mixes are till very 
good. and if you don't mind or 
even like hearing the same song a 
few time in one listening, then 
Come Together may be for you. 

- Paul ReIneke 

Thursday, June 6, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTSYear in Review 
Softball's Run Ends at Regionals 
THE UCSD SOfTBALL team got swept in its 1991 ea-on-opening double-
header (to Chapman). That' 
no urprise. The TrilOns have 
been swept in their season-
opener for the last five years. 

But then they went on 10 
struggle to a 21-20 record. That 
was a surprise. After all, the 
Triton were relurning eighl 
starters from the year before-
ayearthat awUCS Dg022-16, 
and barely miss the postseason. 

Maybe first-year Head 
Coach Melissa Jarrell saw 
something lacking in the Tri-
tons at the beginning of the year. 
Despite having a veteran squad, 

Jarrell refused to aim too high. 
saying that "a realistic goal would 
be to make regionals." 

UCSD met that goal, earning a 
berth in the West Regional as the 
second-seed behind Central (IA), 
largely on the slrength of a sched-
ule that saw the Tritons play 29 
non-Division ill opponents. 

Sparked by second-team AlI-
American pitcher Dianna Moreno 
and shortstop Dana Chaiken -
who finished her career holding a 
number of school records, includ-
ing career batting average, runs 
scored. and stolen bases - the 
Tritons made the trip to Pella, Iowa 
(Ihe site of Ihe West Regional) 
with cautious optimism. 

But their excitement was 
short-lived. 1lle offense went 
coLd intheopeninggameagainst 
Simpson, and UCSD ern .. rged 
on the short end of a 6-1 deci-
sion. 

If the bats were cold against 
Simpson, then they were posi-
tively frigid against Centrdl.the 
region's top-seed. Engaged in a 
heated pitcher's duel , UCSD's 
Kathy FoggandCentral'sJaime 
Mahnke went head-t()-head for 
five seorele s innings. But in 
the s ixth, a Fogg throwing error 
allowed the only run of the game 
to score and sent the Trilons 
pack.ing. 

- PeterKo 

Youthful Men's Tennis Places Sixth 
PRIOR TO TIltS eason, the UCSDrnen'stennis team lacked one Ihing : experi-
ence. 

The Tritons fini hedthel990 
sea on with a 10th place how-
ing atlhe national tournament. 
"They ' ve got the skill. What 
they need is experience," aid 
Head Coach Jon Hammer-
meister. And experience is what 
they got - enough to finish 
four places higher at the NCAA 
Division ill tournament in 1991 
~ith a team con.sisting of just 
one senior. 

The Tritons finished sixth at 

nationals after being eliminated 
from title contention by an 8-1 
second-round 10 to UC Santa 
Cruz. Three Tritons received AlI-
American honors . UCSD's num-
ber one and Iwo ingles players, 
Chad Mor e and Chris BeLloli re-
spectively, were honored. Belloli 
and doubles partner Jeff Bethard 
were honored as well in doubles. 

The Tritons defeated MIT 6-3 
in the opening round of the tourna-
ment. The match marked the re-
tum of Bethard, who had been out 
with a tom calf muscle for a good 
part of the season. 

Following the second-round 

loss to the Banana Slugs, UCSD 
beat Washington and Lee (VA) 
6-3. The win moved the Trilons 
into the fifth-place match ver-
su Washington Colic!)'! (MD). 
At the conclusion of ingles 
cornpelition . UCSDand Wash-
ingtonweretied3-3.But UCSD 
dropped two out of three doubles 
matches. en route to losing 5-4, 
and finished in sixth place. 

Morse was the sole Triton to 
advance past the second round 
in individual competition, los-
ing in the quarterfinals to 
Claremont 's Lance Au 6-2,6-4. 

- HeIIIIer HoItzdIw 

Volleyball Finishes Second in PCVC 
T tiE UCSD MEN 'S volley-ball team's two-year dominance of the Pacific 
Coast Volleyball Conference 
ended this season when the Tri-
tons finished the season a close 
second to league champion UC 
Santa Cruz. The Tritons tied Ihe 
Banana Slugs with a 6-2 league 
record, but finished second due 
to a tie-breaking decision based 
on the number of individual 

1 9 9 1 

games lost. The Tritons finished 
the year 7-9 overall. 

Outside hitter Gerry Goldstein 
and seller John Lee eamed AII-
Conference honors while middle 
blocker Renny Werner was ranked 
in the top ten in the NCAA in 
blocking. 

Despite the second place con-
ference finish, UCSD crushed its 
share of victims including a no-
table upset of Division ] UClrvine. 

9 2 

The Tri tons stepped on the Ant-
eaters in three straight games 
17- 15,15-10, 15- 11. 

" All the pieces came to-
gether," Head Coach Oscar 
"Digger" Grctybill said of the 
Irvine upset. "Our middle at-
tack was unstoppable." 

Lamson Lam led the Triton 
with 17 kills followed closely 
by Goldstein's 16. 

- HeIIIIer HoItzdIw 

F I N A N 

SPORT~ '7 

GET OUTTA TOWN! 
MO~ BOXESI 

~ "I'm Outta NElo 

Located at 
The Boxworks 

UTe Moll 
4305 La Jolla Village Drive 
(next to Carlos Murphy's) 
(619) 453-9993 
-One lillie call Will do It all" 

c I A L 

Here ll 
Student Special 

only $3995 
Shore or split with a friend 

Shipping Experts 
• Stereos • TVs 
• Speakers • Computers 
• AnythinQ- Anywhere! 
Pick Up Service Available 

C.O.D. or Direct 
(Mom & Dod Can Pay) 

• I v/s~ 1 

A o 

lltnivemty ofeilifornia has extended the deadline until June 15, 1991 to apply for University Fee Grant. This extension is offered to 
~p-ro-vide you an opportunity to apply for the University Fee Grant Program established by UC President Gardner to help needy students 

meet the costs of increased fees. 
Students who have already applied for financial aid will be considered for this new fee grant funding; those who h.ave not yet applied 
for financial aid should complete and file a 1991-92 Student Aid Application for California (SAAC) as soon as pOSSIble. Students who 
apply and complete their financial aid file by the June 15 deadline will be considered for t~e University Fee G.rant, Pell Grant, S~affor~ 
Loan and other campus-based aid pending the availability of funds. Financial aid applicatIon packets are avaJlable at Student Flllanoal 
Services. 
If your file is completed after June 15, you will be considered for winter and spring quarters campus-based aid, pending the availability 
of funds. You will, however, be considered for Pell Grant and Stafford Loan for all three quarters if eligibile. 

PLEASE NOTE: T1Ie Student Flnanclll ServIces omce !III worIHtutIy employment ~ from now thIOUgh June 2j., If you would like to earn lome money, 
... ,.,.".. It the C ... Center for job 11700CL end then ,.",....,.., J34..D71. . 



, 

I 

, 

10 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
_.1ININnQ F_' __ • """" on 
.10M 7Ih lor me WATeAMElON DROPI (5/3OoM) 

UCSO'. FN;TOfIt'( OUTlET CI..OlMNG SAL£. 
ApperoI DMIgnor _ -- ,au __ 0I'I'l 
See me odin ...... ""coIme _ 450-3323. 
TapllylM lor 10001 (4I2HII) 
v_....--_.- ...... 
--....1I1.uncII ..... 1118. _ .... 

.~.75.See~ ...... .,Ior __ 
_ FREE SuohI CXIUpIIII. ~ 10 UCSO In V ..... 
aIIappIng ....... on AogoIIa Ad. 4524255. (511_ 
8) 
SAyoy Ct-.II!!ITAUIIAIIT -Udl __ 
.-y ~ lor 13.115. 50'4 all.,., ...".,. 10.,.". 
_ .... ~~od.GtNlIoad .... pricM. 
ClaM 10 ~ 48S-1I1311. (5I13-MI) 

, ... In 111 .... 1 a.. pill "'me TRIll 1051< Of 10k 
~ lor ItItIocy Oft Juno 1I '""" _ Pwk 10 
E_ PorIt In _ SIn DiIOO. ,,-. 
race __ wiIh 11M _ . -.. muaIc. _ 
pd .... En1Iy lee Inc:bIta ..,.,.....,.aI1In. Sign 1.11> 
nowl can 275-5440 lor _ -. (5120-816) 

DEGO-S'-InSolono8Md>lobocklUCSO 
nlgIO IpoI YD. 1II.t. _ )'OU ..- OUI !hOir 
daytima '"*I bar? Mmm. (5126-M) 

EAJlTtIUNQS: lMM lilt ccupIe ........... IdMI 
10< piecing )'OUr HOUSING D . _ . Ifn )'OU 
torvec. IHI'rH 10 _ ~ of our 2 IU ....... 
I ...... (JUly I . Aug. 2). (~) 

RESUMES ~ and na"'-day _ . 458· 
9350. (6fJ·616) 

My 9 mo. old cal , which .... _ • amaI lion. 
_ahoml, rmmo"'ng.Hahu.g_~ 
.na """ , .. In or OUI_, _ <X>nSIder -ng 
him . I don' w..-rt to take him to 8 &he ••• ~5726_ 
(6fJ-&'G) 

AC/OC eo.-t Tornonow NIght • Sports ~ 
8:00 P,M, Fi~ _logo 19, Samuel 457·1319.(6/ 
6) 

FimScr'4>tswanled"" __ F''''CUJ,~' 
.10M 13. Corcaa -.. 5J5.13IM,(M) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - EleetroloOlat: 1200 10 1500 hit,. per 
hour. 3256 Holiday Court. SIuc»nt Oi.ce"r .. , 55&-
<16441226-1962. (4tHiI61 
PASSPORT PICTURESII _ at CeJ Copy, Onty 
$5.95. While )'OU woil Xerox .. and mora. Neat 51 
o.rmaln • . 452·~9, (1122-11181 
OISSERT ... T10N COMPlETION WORKSHOPS. For 
'"_"'" call f'osI-GraduII.Groop, 985-0426. (41 ,_) 
Word FtrocIss lng : Papers, dlu,na tlons. 
manuscripl1. special projeCt .. Lowest "" •• , PicI<-tJI) 
& cleiv.ry Lu 234-5433 (5116-6161 

Don' wart unbl lhe lasl lYllnU. 1II Pad<ago ena.f'op 
your things homs 81 TM PKkeglng Store 
Packaging auppties, movtng boxes, wstom Cf'8lJng 
ana padIagIng Close 10 campus In La Jolla. .54· 
9680. (5113-616) 
A_som. deals II Mira _ s.tf ~ -
Studenl apedals includo: g« a Ihlrd monlh F~E 
when you pey lor two ... FREE lruci< and driver to 
move you with rOS8fValiOna, All ground IIoOf unols-
dose to campusl .53-05 11 (5I13-M) 

WOld PIOOOSSlng ana ~ ccpy oc:titIng: 
larm __ ,_,IIC.Ould"",,'~ 
1 cleys • _ No calla ofter 10 p.m. pie.se, Call 
1567·8242. (51:J(Hi16) 

Saxopllono ana guiIat IoIIOns. .... _tao oIl1y1M. aI_., raasonablo ...... Con:tiII. 633-3372. (~ 
6) 

Word PIOOOUing. S2/iNIoO. 11M pIcIwp & dotVlory. 1 
day ........ k: Irma 4$3-6282. (~I 

RESUMES. Same cIey and noXl r»t _ . 456-
93S0. (~) 

Enjoy lhe IUn Ihi. IIUtIlI1ler, TENNIS Iouoos Vary 
roasonnblo price, ~9459 MorI<.(6I6) 
JAPANESE LESSONS _ _ ........ ,. wllng 10 
l.acI1 Jopana .. , Busl .... _ . writing, aI 
__ weleoma. 558·7810.(6111) 

WANTED 
Aescaurant , LAJoUa Sho<os.i.hIring kI1d'oonIcounl.r 
help. $5-7 por hour. No a_ ntCOssal)'. 
FiIoxibie hours Kellin 454-8038.(5130-616) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Mosl dodoral students (64,91%). after 
~Iing their cwse WOIII, retT1Itn with 
a dissertalion pending COf11IIelion indefi-
nitely, Among these ABOs iAl-B: 1·the-
D,ssertallon) are generally found Ihe 
txtg/1test and most creatIVe candldales, 
Addresstng thOse elements tnvalved 111 de· 
laYing ~IIOO. JIle workshop guides 
partICIpants, from begtnnong 10 foIlow"'9 
through and co_non. partlCularty after 
years 0' tnaCtlVrty and regardless 01 where 
they ar In !he process, 

Wor1Ishop Information 
985-G426 

POSlgraduale Group 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-worrJ incremellls. T~ rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor ~rsofl(ll ~ only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymelll 
in advance is required; I~,qore, ads rnJLSl be mailed with a c~ck (mmk payable 
to 1be UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 pm. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
righlto refuse any advertising including bill not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive,0316,LAJolla, CA 92093-()316.Aclual address: StudentCenJer A, topfloor. 

_ CMII'WO __ ·._ .... 
'*'no ..... II ...-.. "'"' .... _ • ........-
-.~"....._ I)'OU_I. _0lil,_._._. ____ 
.. o'-"drNng_. -_IO."'. )'OU 
can: Earn 1.11> 10 IICMw-_ <- ....... ) fnIor .. 

_"'~on"_, -""""''''''''' APPI.YTOOAYI~·.P!;aaUCSO:l211 .--. 
Ct 452.lJCSO. _..,.,., _, P,ol (111~) 

Childcar._InDal ..... ..... _Fol1:»7:QO 
& Sol. 1-3. S ... UVI S. Own CIt. 756-8 I 72. /5(16-40015) 

lNe-1n ~InDel",", . ...... -... 
- roam. _ . -.. __ 25IHII7'II. (51 
3IWII) 

_ ~ S5 par hour _ up! f'Irt 
..... 01' lUI limo, day 01'", -. no ____ 
......-y _ __ b ..... _ .. ...-. gaul 
_ c.11259-873I. a 0.m.-6 p.m. ......, 
""" Frto.y. _ ....... (5I2O-MI) 

ar.. .. , ... .-~FT. PT __ a... 
...-.y,_ ...... _-paapIo---
8117, (5I2I-M) 
... TTENl1OH: ___ chaln_ ........ 

~"'20 __ IO __ No ____ 
NqL.Wed. ScI>oIaI_"_ "«lit - - _ 
___ 452-8212. (5I28-M) 

OAGAHIC J08SI E~ __ ... 
0I'IIri: - , InIorNIt(pa. ~ ~ projaC:U __ I a.. 2!iO 1aIInga: U.s. _ 
_ . Sand ~ \<hIdoIU.o.110 _ ViIIoge. 
P.O. Box I~, La __ t203II (~) 

EARN S2O/I1r..-.g ..... ""'*'tliljl/ry. ~ send 'fOUl -.., _ . pIIOnt _ , __ 
pIOo Cd a_I, and ---bJpIIOnt 
10: J.J,. P.O. Bol I .... SIn Dotgo, CA 112159-0964, Re-..:.s _ , (~) 
_1nIo ___ . ~SpMIoI>-
langu"llo lelevislon atatlon __ inl~nI. 
.n''Velle. orgoniud, .. "-moti •• 'ed po,..,n, E>coItnI..,.",.,.,-. __ \IIInguII. HourI\' 
pay plus inc.n_ progntnI_ a- .... ry _ 
oppofIUroIy. Sand Ratumea _ Juno 711110 Paa, 
1001 -So Ave. ~ 203CoronedD, CAlIZtt8. ISI3O-
jII8) 
_ bought mo _ condo. _'_10 
Iumiah it Go! 1rtyIfq? PU 45&C96S, 1&r.J.6I6) 
F __ ._Ior ........ , ,..,. .... 
$35OImonIh "" own _ In nice, -...- PI! 
-"'*" Only 0fI8 OUt< \rom IM¥. c.II Usa; 1561 -
32tt · I~) 
T __ 501_.""'" ton. Goad 
phona po<-.IIy, Conodar'IIiaua.-.. .... up II> $500""', Co<nmiaaion ..... WII __ _ 
phona. 2I4-2e01 . 1~m.(M) 
E>coItnI pori 01' -.. limo __ ........ 

~_t>..u-~..-,.cI._ 
5215 __ ~) 

co.ovTDI ~AIIE ~TMIT, PIT 
AUTOCAD, NOVEll. dIIASe • MUlTlloEOIA 
APPLICATIONS • ALL OTHER MAJOR 
SOFTWARE PROGIIAMS. WE ARE SEB<N> ' 
SKtU£D INOMDUAI..S TO WORK ON ~V 
CONSULTING PROJECTS FOR SYSTEM 
I'ISTAU.ATlONS, ~. COHSUlTlNQ. I 
PROG~" THE SAN DIEGO AREA, 295-
_ EXT_ 165 (2' HAS.)_IM) 
ADYERTISING. IIARK£TING I CU8TOIIIER 
IIEIMC£ FOR COIFUTER S'f"ST!III ULE!I. WE 
ARE SEEKING AGGRESSIVE SELF STNITING 
INDIVIDU ... LS WITH STRONG COMPUTER 
BACKGROUND FOR _DlATe FUll T": 
EI.t'l.OYloENT. 295-_ exT. 164 124 HRS.).(6' 
6) 
_ so_ ., drive San Diogo • w-..... 
D,C, with me In 1110 .... _ 01 Juno. _ drive "" 
cat,""'" gao and Iodgong 0--. Sharon 587-
6093,1616) 

,----- Ilotb's -----, 

I~~I 
100% COTI'OrI 

BATIED fUI'OI\S 
6· 8· 

Full $60 $70 
Queen $65 $75 

Full trnmes: Tahoe $99 
fider $ J 15; Lounger $34 

Pric~ su bject to Change 
4lU fJ CajoD BlYd.. 

:z8O..3148 
SUn II-. ThUI1 It I'ri. 1-6 pm 
SIt. I()'~: Sun. II~: I'ton. S-7 pm 

FOR SALE 
GfUIIlUAllOH SAlEI _ ,_ y __ 
_ , '-- ..... _ ar.. _ -.., 

- Nonty.----~I 
s.x..-- "' __ ,:I5ac.-'_ 
-. ........ __ $0125. _ s.&, 

853D_~) 

~ 510, I., a-Icardion, 2- Door s.... 
...... $7UO-. CaI.-. 287-a.57, ~) 
'7llAllIor_- S1500_ ....... __ 
tap. CaI_. _ (5I»MI) 
___ lX.51lr,N:.,--"'_partody, 
~ -. 57W1515-{5/3HII\ 

-al _ Dodgo"" 5B' ~ "'- PidIup 
TIUCk. .... 5II.ooo-. ..... ftUIad._ b ___ .lngaul __ Mtlc.II452-

11575. S2OOO ..... , (~) 

T..,..T .... 1 .. , . ... tnMa . ... irNng ..... 
__ . _ .... "_ • .s7-157S.~1 

_ • IEdl1" IaI. Twin _--. 
"'-_, .... _Ior----, 
.s7-78M. (~) 

CoL KirO_andboo IIfrInIIa (2_). -.g. 
_ .... teo. .s7· 157S. (5I2I-M) 

......... Sale:Twlnbod. __ IImpa._~ 
• _ . By.loM III\. _ 25e-2-' (51 
2:J.6tII) 

~-bfand ... 6V~.~ ..... 
S2OO-' _100_ 0.-. ~.15I2I-6' 
6) 

MacC compiIar-~ C C- - ; 0f9n0I 
_____ ~ 1120 -. Doug. 454-5436. (51 
30-6lIl1 

"----<]1.---daaigna _ "--,......,. S6. Cal MarIlyn 436-1152. ~ __ (5I»Ii4) 
BrtIiatI .............. ".. ... ItA-~ T ___ .~."OO .. Iol457·236I . 

~) 
f'wuoJ- ..... 10 ....... 1J.tIiIIoad __ _ 
"'-__ . ',30.T .. - .s7-236I.(_) 

_-. .... • .... ,o-ll ,U._,Pold$250. 
__ lor '100. CaI_, 457-0304. ~ 
W"'TERIIEO. EXCEllENT CONDITlDN. 0.-. 
-. ..................... ..-
..-._._. ____ S3500.8.0. 

CaI"'_7Wl1 .~ 
_1or .. __ -=&onDilOO-
- s...dorJuno 15. c.llDon _75011_ (81 
HII) 
12 __ ~1IIM_. I "RAM.30 
.. HI), 5.25 _ 3.S Iappf ...... EGA -*of. 
2400 modIm. prtnIar, miCIo. '"00 D,B.O. (llg) 

~~) 

"115 T ...... _2 _ 1'3IC mi. S5OOOO.8.0 .. 5 
IIII.Id __ NC, Cal JoIgt 1567.-.0, ~) 

a.mon.I8adl T_ SIS _ ~ 
gr.r ...... 1:!2Oi'O.B.0. Cal JoIgt. 517.-.0_ (6/ 
HII) 

Going - - - ... ....- ...-. 111M CIona_ ~prinIar. __ 51i1-70B7, (6/ 
3-M) 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501 /S 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS 

$125-$139 I nevi) 
FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALEaOlHES 
~ I-EWPClIT M . OCEAN 8fAOi 

M·W . 11 10 6:1> • 222-0220 

T..,.. CoraIo 11111. ~. 2_. AC. _ 
bMIoaa_~.'11_5.16-I72I,(_) 

_ : _130, ..... ' •• _1315._ 
$010, _ 110; CaI_2707 CIwtM. ~) 

TwlnlNndlo bod.InOOOd_, S500,8.0. c.II 
_.517-1021 . (_) 

Twin bed lor _ - ._nent condilkln -Ina--. __ c.I55a-1738ASAP_ (~ 
6) 

OONCEJIT lICXfTI: IICIOC. _ ~ 
-- SIm!tIo -. Huntphrw(. -. 0idudIng a-ve _ . a-ve CarIn. Loa -.. and 
....,,-~-'grM potooa, -
col 792-04IIII_ 1l/361li) 

a.- .. : T_ (' _):S*lO O.B.O.; ~­
.--.: 110 0 .11.0 .: ..-~ .".,. .-. 
- ..... Id.-...""..., ... _ :IJIO 
O.B,O. c.II ~._,,, (_) 

CARsn:AEO:c-........ CDIII*tUt.~ 
II11>«l .... CIwtIon_....,~~W/ 
aaaaoow. Brand .... ___ .., FIrm. c.II 

~. 5J5.«!18.~) 
_ ..,tJy ond IEXUAL APPIAU Wahl Trt-
FIn(VO).0NE"LG_·.Ul3-2_~ t..-.u 
EduaPC.CoIor~."""(S700)._·s 
Sc:INInn IG-opaad 1115). JOSH 792~4I. WIry 
rtd(1(_) 
SponCI. SjItnd. SpanCIII .... 1IuyW. _ PC. 

~ . .....,.~-.~-. 
-........., ___ . , Sal 8122. 51 3 CamIno Del 
_ 792-«148, "....." In Del .... , (8I3-MI) 
_.pg ..... _In ~-.,y. 
1IX1.......ary, __ mcn __ .... UMd .... 

twIoo, S2OO.oo. 457""'0. (_) 
..,.;ngSolo:Twlnlltd.tamp. ___ • 
TV __ . 551-2037.(1161 

_;~KirVBEOIorSAU:, W1ty:rnovinJt-
- ofIar. _ : ~ ICItnwt 546-04\lIl.(616) 
AirpIone __ S.D.' ~ ..... wy 1210. 
Cal ~135I.(MI 

"87 T oyola c.Ica ST, Stick .1inI ..... C, • AIWFM. 
EiICOIanI c:ond. Ful WWi'WtIy S5/iOO. IIIM~ 
(512 kiIobyIo). VGA _ . 2. pin"""", MreIy 
used. NA -"1ncUIad. 11200 (....,-).(& 
6) 

s..tboard 6'S-~ ~n trt-In. GtNI ..... 
_ ' .. ElaIonIccrdIIon. 5 _old. 1195 JIlt 
o S52-811:W.(III8) 

SMOG $1999* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

- Ale Service 525."-
- Coolant Service S25. 19' 

- TransnOssion Service S24 .• -
- Brake Special (1 axle) S7t .• -

CaDAutoc.. 
OPEN 6 DAYS A WEEK 
6660 M __ Rd., suite c ( ...... 8oodJNr) 

s.. '*P, CA 92121 
(81') 558-2438 

-. _LOS \' 
..... 
&Imam rood. Sea rood 

.. 
IIUIM. SPHIII. 

• 
Rolled 

___ TIICDB 5RoUed TIICOII 
wfcheeae 
A: real 
guacamole 

w/cbeelle 
anci80UT 

cream 

737 Pearl St., Suite 113, La Jolla 
OPKN 7 DAYS 

M·Th 11 _11 fa; Fn . .&tL 8 _2_ 
8aa. JD-.3O ... 10-.30 .. 
(819) 4H-CMa 

Thursday, June 6, 1991 

~:2""'"",,-,inIamoI"-. 2OMCl 
__ , ~_...,_, 55&-2037,(111 
8) 
5a/WS' I ,c-.... __ $010 __ 
CaI_ -..aaove: 45N7t1 or ~O.(III 
II 
MOYWG SAlE" c..., aid ....... <--,_ 
->. -. -. - . -...-.. 
__ ......... ....... m_c...n 
'--. ___ ....... For ...... cal 462· 
714(1W1 

~ IIEWII.-.g USA -. _ Do-. ... 
__ 1315._175. ___ ,0.-
_110, ............ ...,.-.._ 
mo..,..-.... ) 
IAlSTSEUlII.-.gUBA-.....,..,.._ 
~ __ FoIjIIIu _ -... m ..... ~ 
_ pili-. "10"'" ~ lor ams __ 
Gttwp ..c .... (M) 
_ .. ~'" • ; T,*, __ , o.-
,,00._N. __ ._IIO.--'.(M) 
a..- I . em. IDnu __ ""*- _ . 
........... _ . __ 2. __ _ 

125 __ Il10. AIao._Itaring-. ..... _ 
_ . Carol 01'_ ""3!!01(MI) 
For ___ wypllN_ SOlO SFO ........ 
__ . .IoMI" __ I3OCaI~7D33.(M) 

1t17 _ tt.nIcIno IIOD- _ grM. "'" 
.-.. ......... '"'12700._.271_.(111 
8) 

For _ : Tap "' .. IN "*-puI-<IuI '* .... 
wiIh_,oo_~car~ __ 

alii in __ 1350. c.IIBriwI "'805.(616) 

--_ ... ,-.....,.._--. 
AaIoIIa 51115, ... lor _ 562-01 .... (818) 

HOUSING 
....., _ -. ___ got. _ ..... "'" In 
........-3 __ ~_, 
----........ PIIio--_ .-__ 1ncUIo 1Iundry._ . 
-and ..... _ar-.,~IO ... 
IngrMpIoo:a ....... -.CaI_(SI 
2:J.6tII) 

MIl AOOIAIIATeHOTUNE_INFOSERVICE. 
F"" .... _to ..... -527-. Togarlallnga 
dIaIl~ (S413).(5I2-616) 
___ 1or_5_""'" 
___ S3IO/InoIIIMoom. ..... 1ncUIod. 457-
02Il5,(_) 
_II> ... In _ Room lor .... in groovy 

_'_._~._to_._-

- . - paid: S325 • - (S3OO Dopoait). Cal295-2225~(_) 
Room In P.BAa.- ..... oummor, II _ (Juno 
28- SepI I.) lor $1080 (85 par _) Inc:UIIng 
__ CIoaeIO _. bua. _ . Larg. _WI 
Ioundry, Ric o4IHII05_ 15116-616) 

Summer ........ (or 1onQarl: 3 -.. oondo nMt 
UCSO, ,.,. and .-..y. '''5O'monIh, col 558-
6388. 15121H118) 

a 
1800 B Rosean 

PI. Lorna 
~ 

" 30143 lWwersiIy 

• We bag every comic 
- Games & CanIs 

NortI PM< 
280-9883 

• We oller Free Oiscooots 
-In store ~ service 
- We're open ooti 7 p.m. every day 

Thursday, June 6, 1991 

Cnck ... II roght , tunny ",ndowin Ih<t morning. VIew 
Ol l "'canyon .. , $300 monlnly( .... r.SI50 x2).Own 
b'9 room, Iiugo closet, Iu,",shed , pool ill cemple • • 
carport, g~una. KHping, 5 mlnut •• 10 UCSO. 
av .. _now CAll IMMEDIATELY. Enc.452·a.07 
(5120-&161 

T IVH room, avattabte In lour bedroom townhouse 
T hr •• bllhrooms. washer/dryer, dishwasher. 

.mterOwavI, garage, and lwimmlng poot. Walk to 
school Ntar bu. .,op "'v",'ab'. In IYIId-•• riy 
Sapton-cor, $3501room1monlh pIu. 1/4 ubil,.s. No 
walo"oo' 1 monlh dapDSil Can 457-Q304 (5/20-61 
6) 

2·3 roommat •• needed 10 ohar. 4 t>edrOOm hOUSe 
for summer only . Contact Eugene at • .s7· 3Q6.4I or Jim 
at 558~2469 if It'll.rested and we'" OiV, you mora 
de ....... (5I23-M) 

Part·hmo chtld care lboy, 10) lor room, board, $50 
""n.mum wookly salary. use 01 car Woek.nds. 
",me ovening, ; no da\'llme flOurs on _!<days. 
AVIlI!abM September. Fern." non·~er Del Mar. 
431 -611515121-6161 

EA .. THlltGS: These lest coup'- iaues ar. ideal 
for placing \'OUr HOUSJNG ads, however, If you 
lorgel. 1011 \roo 10 lak. adVantag. 01 our 2 summer 
is""". (JUIyI, Aug . 2), (5128-&6) 

Seeking 2 I.males 10 be ~ and 51h hcusemal.s In 
La Jolla mansion n.ar UCSD, Slan"'Q Fall 1991. 
UVU'lO environment Is relued yll outgolngtexdtlng 
CoSI.: ~ lor own rooml Inl.rostad? Call 
.50-5026, (5128-616) 

Room in La Jola for summer, 5 ffilnules from campus 
- 0" Gilman D r, Singi' room in nICe cenao, 
OiShwasliOr, firep~. pooUspa. AskIng S3OOImo. 
Call Amy 11 567·81.5 ASAP. (5128-616) 
La Jolla colony condo: 2M or 2F wantad 10 share 
larg. masl.r bedroom, Fully furnished - include. 
ubillieS! pnvattlla.lcony, la'll" wal<-In cia.." w"""" 
dryer, VCR, pnval8Q8rage, pooVjecuzzi. Grad/modi 
uppor-dlvillonstudenta ",.farrad. $35O/porson, Call 
Ashley, 587-oI.:l. ltava message, (5128-616) 

Summar rontaJ , 2 roommal .. share I hug. room. I 
mile 10 campus. close 10 Aalph .. G./8Q • • pool, hot 
lub , washor/dryor. Male or lemale. Call Chris or 
Bany . • 53·5029, $650, (5128-616) 

UTe NEAR VONS_ Own room , wid , pool. $316.67 
plus 113 uti~i ••. "'vailable5l23191 IhN 8125191. Call 
558-1063. (5128-616) 
Single room lor renl In 3 Bel apartmenl, $33QImonlh 
during 1110 summer. Cia .. 10 campu .. Call 587-
4976 , ast< 10< Jeff. (5128-616) 

Aoomma". wanled 10 .hare ""'" W cendo - 2 
pools. laundry, partdng, ClOse 10 bus Un •• , Own 
room, $365; share room , $325. MichJune thru mid-
Sept_ Karon, 587-0858. 15128-616) 

Two non·smoI<ing femalos wanted to .hare largo 
master bedroom with own beth In a thr .. bedroom 
condo near UCSO. "'val_ f ... cummer andlor 
school y .... S250 plus II. utililias .ach. Call Karon 
al 558-1.71 , (5128-616) 

Wanled : non-amoklng f.malt 10 shar. m .... r 
badroomJuno I 6-Sopt. 15 (awrox). NearUCSD,on 
bus int, w_r/dryer. ~, atbte. pool, spa. 
S320/mo. ,*" 1/3 utilitie., Col 546-0140, ltava 
message, (5128-6/61 

Wanted: non-smoking f.male/ma'l 10 sublet 
fumllhtd room In condo noor UCD. Wuherldryor, 
garage , 12M, pool. spa. $36O/mo pIu. Il3lAiitie • . 
Available Juno I 6-Sopt. 15101lprD')' Call 5046-0 1 40, 
leave mllIIgO, (5126-616) 

F emale roommate wanlad 10 share beautilul new 
Del martownhome. Mulerbedroom. poollgymand 
garage. 5525parmonth (nogatJabIe) pIu. 112 utiliti.s. 
Call Rich &-611 546-1275. (5128-6/6) 

Roommll. wanled , Own room In Solana Beacli. 
Walk loo<:oan, Aval_ Augu., 1 ,CaIl15S-8520 ,(5I 
30-6/6) 

Single room 10< summer subIot- Uniwlsi1)' City. 
S33OImo,,*,.,13 utiili.s, MaR: or ""oc. 535-1679.(51 
3<Hi/6) 

One Room in UTC areal 5<ilMler rentall $35OIIargo 
•• ngle """'oom In fUlty fumlshed condo, .57-0976, 
(5130-&'6) 

Single room lor r.nt. G ........ Highlands n •• r 
UCSD. $300 a month • 11& uti~tiea , No deposil 
necessary, Available "",,-June, 587·8910. (5130-61 
6) 
2 rooms for rem in 4 Bd , 2 Bahouse in N. Clail'8monL 
All amenitios, gAlal yard. only $35OImo, 56S-8536 
ava.1. I1Ow,(5I3O-616) 

Room , ... ronl- $3OOlmOntfl. new ly remodeled 
condo, stoning IUmmar. Cal '-SAP ~·1425. (51 
30-6161 . 

Two 3 badroomcondo, laundry,ga"'llO, 3-. persons, 
$1 15OImo, Available 9/1 , SI2OOImo available 9115. 
157-.268,(5130-616) 
3rd Male _ 10 share fully-lumiSl1ed cendo wllh 
garage scorogo. pool, )acuul , in La Jolla Terrace on 
GilmanlEvoningWay, l12mile'rnmUCSD.",.fltrabIy 
June 19· Sapttmber 20 or 25th. No smoking , .. 
drugs .. , pats. sn... mutorbadtOOm at $2501mo . 
1/3 ulilitial, 558-01142. (5130-616) -

PC :::0 
FINALS 

89. 
per week 

SPECIAL 
~ 

rn 
Z 
~ 

', ' r 
MicroMate I f\ 

566-4835 V I 

Throo _mol • • n.-d I doubIa room ($285 
oacnll $Ingle 1S315). UC PtaymOfe Ill' Von's , Irom 
Juno 17 10 Sap .. 17. call 558-7809 or 793' ''49 (6/ 
3-616) 

Del Mar - beautiful lownhome Own room + J01ICUZZI 
$400,mo .. 1$400 dePOllt. Fun and vary responSIble 
M.-F n.eded July '" ... sooner .81 -8578 (613-616) 

Summer Hou .. ng 2 bdrm, I balh apl 2 ... n 'rom 
UCSO All modern conY.~.nce$ .. WID. v3ultecl 
c..ing. unde'llrouncl parl<lng, $7 10 mo • UlihllOS • 
doposn A"",tabIe 6113·911 3 CaM 5<iL8llno 558· 
2056, (6/3·616) 

Room tot ,ent , large Mira Mesa condomlmum, 
spaoous, tumashed amanrt ... , $3OOImo Paul 458· 
0965 eve .. ng. (613-6161 

Summer: Own room for femaltl. FUrTllshed Pool. 
laundry , lon.ss·racquel cenlar . ETC "I Only $3401 
mo . • 57-0976, (1113-6/6) 

Roommares Needed In P B 2 blocks to beach Rent 
$2 I O. Own room • . Non·smoke .. KnsM 274-6348, 
(6/3-616) 

Roommate wanted, UC area. own room, 1/4 uubti.s 
nie, clean neiQliborhOOd, gr.al place lor relax ing , 
studyu~. faJlulg in 10'19. conlUfTllflg. e'e. Have to 
move, Monica 452·9409 or Gina or John. 16/3-616) 

SUmmer $Ubktl FumlShed room In IWO I)8dfOOm 
apanment inCantrsl Mesa, ner110 c.ampus_ Avalable 
'rom JUno 90 unbl Sapt.mber 5248 plus haff uti live. 
Call 453-6890. (6/3-6161 

3 rooms lor rant in a 2 510ry house at and of 001-0.-
sac, Yard. appliances. 5 min from campus, Summer 
1enuro OK. Slartlng al 5275. utll. Call Ralpll.' 457· 
2n4. (616) 

ROOm(S) lor rant : Single w/own 08111($0110) or "''II. 
maslerbdrm lor 2 P""ple ($235@). Pool. J8CUU1. v-
baU coun, gym, BBO. pool tIbIe. Ir •• h compact ... , 
di.tlwasher. microwave, elc. Close to UCSO 
.... ailable July I - Oct, 12 or any part. Please can 

~1655. (613-616) 

HOUse for rant In La Jolla, Fumi Shed or unfurnished 
fir""""", . 3 bedrooms , 2 balh, backy.rd. double 
gal3Oe, walk 10 beach, charmong "'v",lable July 1st 
$16OOImo, Conlact Johanna aI551-8723. (6I3-M) 

Female Roommat8 Wanted: Own room and bOlh m 
La Jolla Poinl Apts. lor $3OOImonlh plus 113 ut ili •••. 
PooIs,jacuul, recr.ation room, ne.r UTC. "'"",lable 
111191 -9115191 (flex.bIe), Mienell. 453-2925, (6fJ. 
616) 

Del MarSuDiel. ana _room api, av",lable lrom lhe 
beg. 01 July·August 10th. Cable TV, jacuUl , pool, 
dishwasher and palio Inc\udad, Convenlenl ... Ik 10 
shopping ar.a. W • • , of 1·5. Call 534-n87 or 792-
2730 lor mora Inlo, 5750 • utiL (1113-6/6) 

SUMMER AENTAL : La Jolla Colony Condo, 2 
8 EDAOOMSI2 BATHROOMS, lully lumlshed-all 
U1iitie. includedl $I050/monlh, lor 3-4 people. Call 
587-0143 . .... hley. "'vailable 6/17 - 911 3, (6I3-M) 

Caplain Jean· luc PicatO Is our hero. Walch Slar 
Trek with us every night! Own room n.arUTe. $3651 
month • 113 utilll ••. June 20 - SePI (or possibly 
beyond , . . ) Dale 452-1682. (6fJ-616) 

Wanlad: Melelfemale, own room In 3 bedroom 
condo. seml·furnished, 1 112 miles lrom campus, 
$385Imoptus 1I3utiidl'. Avai1able6l14i for summer. 
558-7347· 16fJ-6/6) 

SUMMER SUBLET:Own room in 3 bedroom COnclO, 
wa.""'ldryor. parl<lng space, pool , 5 min, bok. 10 
campusl Female non·.mok.rploase. Only $333Imo 
• uti!. Call 5046-8423. 16fJ-616) 

RoommalO wanled. Own room ana bath. La Jolle clel 
Sot Pool. Jacuzzi , tenniS couns, weight room, 
washerldryer, $450 month •• mail deposily • 112 
Uliillos, "'vallable July ,.,. po •• ,bly .arller. Call 453-
49411. (613-616) 

LaJoIIa llillag. DrlUCSD-MaIe non-smol<erwamad 
to shari condominium in La Jolla Village Tennis 
Club. Own room, fully carpeled , share full balh wilh 
on • . Common .rea. fully lumlshed, $36OImonll>-

~a" tor summer. Free bus to campus. Washer! 
Dryer, pool. jacuzzi.lennis courts. J ..... 55-1708, 
Avail JUnt 15,(6161 

For Summer1 Rooms available I 5 minute walk from 
campusl S300 a monlh , double. ana .Ingle • . July 
,.,. Sap! I st, pool, I.nnl. coun., wash.rldryer. 
much moAlI Cag 458,5921 ,(616) 

Roommate wanted for next year, One bedroom 
availabte In large furnished lownhouse near Scripps 
Hospitai, $350 a monlh, Ask lor Roy. 452-8836,(616) 

SUMMER SUBlET: La Jolla house, Save .. ' rooms 
available. 112 blOd< beachlP",apacI , buskn • • $350 
obo. 558-2102.(616) 
2 Roommates needed to share master bdrm Scripps 
R.nch , $240 a piece. Sh.rlene 558·80231530· 
2206,(6161 

Room lor Alnl- University City. "'vailable July and 
August and possibly throug n ntXl yoar. $3I01month 
+ 115 utiHtie • . Call Bri.n .50- I 805,(616) 

Master bedroom In big condo, $39OImo. Near Voos, 
Dike 10 UCSD. Lots of per\<s, 452·2807,(616) 

LET ME 
INTERVIEW YOU! 

Cbanging Careers? 
ReceRl Graduate? 

Just entering tbe workplace? 
Personnel-Human Resource prof~sslon31 
"'ill Inlerview and coach you on the 
Icchniques and confidence you ~ccd to 
lum an Interview mto Q Job. 
for appoinlment call: 

U·MOCK IT YOUR ELF 
(619) 672·0751 

E,ening and "oekend appoinlmenl 
Rtsume Wriling A.ai"'bIe 

For a 12·page IllformalJOn brochure on 
t~es thai can turn an Interview IllIO a 
lob, send $5 00 10 U-ItOCK IT YOURSELF, 

9921 carmel Mountain Rd,. Suil.I56, 
San DiegO, CA 92129, 

The UCSD Guardian 

Beau~luI 2BR. 2 112 BI\ WOOdI8nclS 10wnhOu .. 
aVailable July 1 lor 1 Yl a , lea58. Furnished $1295. 
unlumoshed $1 150 Mu.l .... 587·6093 (6.6) 

Summer aubttt In Unlv.rs"y CItY. Furnished Room 
In a :3 bedroom, 1 112 bath COndo. 2 miles trom 
campus $333parmo • Il3ulitity Flmaleprelorred 
Call Oav. 556-0297 Boauhtul \/lOW 01 canyon.(616) 

Condo 3 bedroom I 5 balhroom, wall< 10 UCSDI 
UTC. Wasl1lDryer, pool. onclo. ad pallO, AVaJlable 
July 15, $ 11 00lmonln 587·1229 Musl '''. 
be_lui (&16) 

SUMMER FUN I Share bedroom In a lun hOus.hold 
dunn; summer, Female prelllTed. washer/dryer, 
garoner. kits of extras, &paCIOUS hOUH In UC Move 
.n Juno 16 5220 ~6-0663 Oina.(616 ) 

Bedroom In 3 bedroom condo 1·3 people waOled 
Pool, ;acuul , washer & dryer. partially furnished. 
Very close 10 UCSD "'"",1abIe JUne 15 $99013 
month. call Brvt, Gr"ll, Daw @ 558·2270 (616) 

Hou .. ronlal, bIocI< f",m UCSD, 3 bdrm, I balh, 
secunIySY.l.m, I yearleaso,$13OOImonIhaI UliItIe .. 
(5031 752·8247.(6161 
Pnvala room avalaO~Jun816th In a mce 4 oedrOom 

UnlV.~ry ety house OO5elo school ilnd Ihe beach 
W • .,.Icoklng' .... AlsponSlbte , EZgDlng roommat • . 
Sorry- no smol\jng , dr\lg • • or po". Conlact John 453· 
7159,16161 

Need&d: Female roommate 10 share a two bedroom 
lulury COndo In beaul.ful Capo La JOlla. WaSherl 
dryer. dlshwuher, mtCIOwaV8 + much mor.1 $4iSO 
monlh • 112 u.IiIi •• Avail Sapl' . Call KnSI,"a 558-
H2·,16I6) 

FemaJe roommate wanted to share two bedroom. 
one bath apartment near UTC Non· smoking, 455· 
6129, 5~·4184 .(616) 

FUllY FURN !SHED ROOM AVAILABLE- Occupy 
one of tour bedrooms and one 01 lour Dathrooms lOr 
Ihe summer In CtaJremonf for only S2801monih + 11 
4 ublll.e., Male non·smoI<.r prel.rred, call Jeff N(yoN 
lor mora Info., 558-3195 (6161 

Uve /lEIar the ocean, Need 2 housemalas 10 rent 2 
pnvate rooms In large La Jolla Shores home 1 bk>ck 
Irom octan and 2 miles from campus Aooms 

aval~e In August and September. Rent. $343 + 11 
6 utilities Preler non·smokers, 2 1 & okHtr Call 454· 
06221616) 

Room tor rent, UTC. nlar Vons. Large. $330 + 1/4 
U111 • • wid , pool. Av",labIe 711 453-4526 ,(6161 
2Bed12B.,h P,B, COnclO lor ront ; fumlSned, pkng .• 
pool , spa, 19nnlS, w9IQhl rm, adJCDtnt shopptng, 
._.oow.$I OOOutil .ncf.dap,Call.59-8162.16I 
6) 

On. bedroom apartm.nl near UCSD Wllh pool, 
jacuzzi, sauna, $635 $50 r.bal. balor. 6116, 552-
0144,(616) 

Room lor r.nl 7It -9120 , S2831mo, Own room in 3 
Belr. greal P,8A.a JOlla apt. wi oc:ean View. 4 _ 
from beach, Nice. neat. cool roommates. Ask lor 
SI.v. , Aob, or Dav. 48 8· 1675. Dal •• art 
negollable,(&161 

Temporary houssmale(s) wanted . One room 
av .. lablelorsurnmer, t>learcampus, Rant nagotiable, 
452· 1682, Leavo m.ssagol(6I61 

Roommat. warlad to lhar'apeJ1menl 10< noxl scIiooI 
y.ar. Non-smoker, qulel, .tudy orionled. CalI8rian 
@ 457-2565,(616) 

Compiele~ furnl_ conclO, bnng your books and 
bedding, "'va/lable summer and lall. N.ed3 'emal. 
roommal •• (non-smOking, no dr\lgs, no POlS). 
Washer/dryer, diShwaSher. microwave , garage. 
tennisoouns.jacuui, c.abkI, fireplace, bus Une . wall: 
to school. Summer rata: S300 (lIlCludIs utilitieS) no 
deposit , W lnl.r ral. : $325 1114 uIIII"e.) , call (619) 
457-3937 or (71 4) 493-9671. Call colleet,16I61 

Female hOusemate for own bedroomlbathroom SUit9 
in brand naw condominium. Non-smoker. POOl, 
jacuUl, we ghl room. fir.p lace. $35OImonl h plus II 
2 Ulllrtl.s, Avallabl •• n Fall. Call AI~son 458-9781 .(61 
61 

Roommate(s) 10 share maSlvrbedroom. Near school 
anabu,Una, La'll. 3levelcendo, fir.pIace, pool. and 
washer/dry.r, Non-.mokar, $287,50 • 1/4 ub'ti •• , 
Call RexaM. 558·2350.(6161 
Own room In incredible house in Mira Mesa 10r only 
$285 per monlh. Larg. house Wllh y.rd. g.ragl, 
cable lV, mtCfOwave, washer/dryer. dIshwasher . 
AvaIlable now lor summer or all year. Greal 
roommatos. $300 Deposit Sltve 282·7839·16161 

SpactouS room In RenaiSsance- own room wlfull 
balhroom, mirrored full closets, washerfdryar. cabfe 
TV. anclo.edgarag • • pool, spa. & moro, 5435 .,13 

Ull~b", 587·2883 Evenings.(6161 

IdnkCYS-
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

3 rooms, ronllrom 81 1·9115 $375/monlh plus 14 
UII\iIl8S La JOlla Shores Or 2 min WALK TO 
CAMPUS, 5 min. TO BEACH Relngeralor, wash." 
dryar NO DEPOSIT 558-2218 (616\ 
Summer Renla~ large master bedroom. Fulty 
fu"".hed POOl. spa, laundry, parl<lng , .yerythlng, 
$350 Bradlord 578·8679 1&161 

2 Female roommales wanlQ(J 521 ().. 240 each Ck)$Q 
10 campus. poot, JacuZZI , etc AVailable 9/ 1 Ihrough 
June Share apl wl2 olher female. Call 558-8337 
Sunny ... Kal (616) 

La JollalUCSD Sublat July- Sapl Furnished Sludio 
POOl, j8CUUi, waiQhl room $525Jmonth 534 ,65301 
587·1752(8161 

Flmale roommate needed Slarting 911 5 Own roonv 
balhroom .n new apt close 10 UCSD $375 monlh • 
113 utl"IJ' S, Clean. nonsmoker Weight room/ poav 
washor dryerl pallOl hraplace Ca ll 457-4264 (616) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: Wooden HI. (piccolal- 534-3 181 ,15130,& 
ti l 
LOST. Silv.r ring WIth a while stone. Enofmous 
sentlmenlal value REWARO Josebe 455-9193 
Please (6fJ-616) 

LOST. Au.tralran T.rner, La., seen on 512 1/91 , 
black and tan. approximately 13 pounds, 10 Inches 
htgh, Conlact Mario Ornelas . hOme 454·7942. woft( 
597·3662·16fJ·6161 

Lost: 61'J191 Ring ~ Silver band Wllh black mlay, 
Senllmenlal valu. Call G.nnyn. 558- I 969 (616) 

PERSONALS 

CLASSIFIEDS 11 

To my IIslers 01 Aj~a Om.cron PI Ha\e a greal 
summer1 Love I<nstu\t (616) 

NICOle , Happy 19th Blnhd.yl Ha,. a gr.8Illlmmer 
Lov. Krisune (6161 
nilS mus.aoe IS tor Mary. the bkmde The Ire majOr 
who $al on the 1 51h row laSI Thursday ntght at the 
Mornney concan. I am sony t 10SI you Ihal ntgnl 
Call me at 457· 13 t 9 and we'tI have a chal {6.6) 

ChemICal Eno.neenng maJortrom Nanhem Ca~lorrna 
Mat So,nhwa." Oakland 10 San Diogo Monday 
27.199t I have Intormal/on you wanled regardIng 
.nlam.h,p. al NASA Call me 1619) 192·9470 1616) 

N.ed cash? W e boJy CDs, lapes. "deos MuSiC 
trader 7094 Miramar Ad 693- 1469 14122. 61 

UCSD', FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING SALE 
Appare l 0 9 Stgner Zone offers you ~90% OFFI 
See the ad In thIS ISsue orcail i he hothne 450-3323 
Top style. lor I ••• ' (4/29·6161 

Oiogos 5<iriside In Solana Beach IS back. UCSD 
nlghl spot yes but have YOu checked Oul thetr 
d8y1lme salad bar? Mmm (5128.616) 

EARTHLINGS: These Ia., couple ,.su •• ara ideal 
10f plaong you r HOUSING ads, hOw9vvr. Il'n you 
fo rget, leel lree 10 take 3dvanldQe 01 our 2 summer 
Issues IJulyl , "'ug 21 15128-6/61 

Flytngto S F June t 51 I have an extra IIX Must sell 
$29 Juhana 210-3724 (5130·6.61 

RUG BY PLAY ERS WANTEDI No exponenc8 
reqUired Travel . sweat and offend Recruitment 
sian. In Fall quart.r (6;3-6161 
RESUMES Same day and next day seMC9 458-
9 350, (6fJ·6161 

KAT' ISm, lei. Irom OWL (6161 

ThaI's lhe ClaSSltledS, and w Q are outla here' Don't 
lorget about our 2 summer ISSU8S. lhough Put an ad 
In one 01lhose Issues If you ShU need 10 sell. buy 

ToourRadGrads.GOOdIuCl<II Lov., AlphaOmlCrOO r.nl , or'lnd somelh.ng Sae you na, ' year, UCSDI 
PI (6161 1616) 

M I R A 
MESA 

SELF 
STORAGE 

/SPECIALS! II w'lh SluClent 1. 0 , 
Pay for 2 ~ Call about a months and get a FREE TRUCK THIRD MONTH a DRIVER 
FREE to move you in. 

Earty reservations a must! 

ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 

[ 0 ~_ MIRA MESA BLIIO, ~ 7044 Aanders Drive 
behind Plaza Sorrento 

Shopping Center 
0 
I/) 
0 j 

.; 
MIRA ° z 

.. MeSA Ge~ I !:j N STOR c '" u a: 
FLANDERS 

° z 

~"Or, :i c MlRAMAA AD. u 
453-0511 

AUTO PORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7r)M~ Master Mechanics 
exclusively WJ and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

I 

--------------------

' Mu,1 presenl COUPOn Ond " 0 11(1 UCSO 10 0 1 I,me of c SilmOl9 
NOI v011d With mOjor anglne o r transmISSIon repOlrs 

.iSii 1 CALL CALtFORNIA i 1450-94941~~~ 
.& _ r ",,,,,,,"w •• o<. 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L _________ ___ ________ ~ 



12 SPORTS 

Desktop Publishing 

COr>YTEX • T ectlnical papers and theses 
• Reports 

9823 P.",,,, He'9ht. Blvd . St. J 
SOn Ooego, CA 92121 

10% off with this add 

• Resumes 

High Quality Copying 
• Manuals 
• Documents 

GraphIC services • Offset prtntlng 
Bindery serivces 

452 -2121 

CBII1-800-WHAT NOW 
(;EOH(;(;I~ & Sll,\~~ 

Auto Accident Attor 

BED ROC K 

HAIR SALON IN LA JOLLA. 
For a visually 'timulating 

hai tyle that reflect 
your per anality, 

Appoilllments suggested. 

BED ROC K 

HAIR SALON 

5707 La Jolla Boulevard 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

454-3288 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 6,1991 

SPORTSYear in Review 
Baseball Struggles Through Injuries 
AT TIl E BEGINNING of the ea on, the UCSD base-ball team was breathing 
new life into the old cliche "un-
derdog," After fi e con~ecuti ve 
winning . ea ons, the Triton 
were hit hard by graduation at 
the end of Illi>t year ( 10 enior 
gone, three to the pro ), and 
1991, to ay the lea l. was not 
looking promi~ing . 

But Head Coach Lyle Yates, 
the eternal optimi t. maintained 
that CSDwould urpri e ome 
people. In a way. he wa right, 
Hardlyanyoneexpe ted the Tri -
ton to be as bad as they were 
They fini 'hed the season 15-

23. The offense pUllered (in Yate ' 
words: "We didn ' t have a lot of 
people who could change the com-
plexion of the game"). and Ihe de-
fen e - with player frequently 
playing out of po ition becau e of 
injurie - wa one of the worst in 
the program ' hi tory. 

Part of the problem wa inju-
ries. Key player like catcher (and 
team MVP) Anthony anchez. 
short s top teve owlan and 
rightfie lder Joe DeFranco battled 
naggi ng injuries throughout the 
year. 

About the only surpri e was the 
pilching - a huge question mark 
at Ihe beginning of the year. In-

tead, bolstered by R y an 
Flanagan. Bryan Thoma on. 
and Breit Han en. it emerged a.~ 
the team's lone trong point, 
fini hing second in the West 
Region in team ER . R anagan 
fini shed econd in the region in 
ERA. while Han en was fourth . 

Still. all was not 10 t. UCSD 
went 10-8 again t Divi ion HI 
opponents. and up et San Di-
ego State and USD. The Aztecs 
were ranked 20th in Division I 
at the time. 

At the end of the year. 
Sanchez and Hansen were 
named to the All-Region team. 

- Peter Ko 

Track Notches Eight AI~Americans 
FOR TilE UCSD track and field team, it was a olid season Ihat sent 14 mem-
bers - nine women and five 
men - to the Divi ion III na-
tional championship~ in Berea. 
Ohio. And when it. was all over. 
the Triton came out \ ith eight 
All-Americans. IWO earning 
dual honors and one scoring a 
triple rown. 

On it way to the national 
champion hip. the ritons com-
peled in the California Colle-
giate Athletic A soc iation' 
(CCAA) conference meet in 
Baker field . Although not a 
member of the CCA , the Tri-
tons were invited to take pan a 
an a ociate member in the an-

nual event. Despite being the sole 
Division III program represented 
in the competition - con idered 
to be one of the toughest Division 
[[ conference meets in the country 
- the Tritons made an impressive 
howing with the men taking fifth 

and the women third. 
Among the trong performances 

for UCSD were first-place fini shes 
by Scott Sargeant and Shannon 
Quigley in both the shot put and 
discu . 

At the national championship 
meet, the Triton qualified for the 
final round of competition in eight 
eparate event . 

For the men, Sargeant and J.J. 
Cisneros combined to send UCSD 
to three final s, with Sargeant ad-

vancing in both the hammer 
and di cus and Ci nero in the 
long jump. 

On the wOr:len' s side. the 
Triton qualified for the final s 
in five events. 

Erica Wa hington led the 
way by advancing in the 200 
meters and teaming with Vicki 
Dunckley, Michelle Milledge. 
and Yvette Marzullo to qualify 
in the 4xlOO relay. Quigley 
moved on with a fourth-place 
finish in the shot put. 

When the dust se ttled . 
Sargeant and Quig ley earned 
dual All-American honors, and 
Erica Washington was named 
All-American in three events. 

- Chris Regnier 

Crew Falters at PCRCs on Natoma 
FOR mE FOUR rookies who compri ed the women' novice four boat, the 
UCSD crew team's trip to 
Sacramento's Lake Natoma in 
mid-May was nothing short of 
grand. 

The women 's novice four 
boat was the sole Triton boat to 
qualify for the grand final at the 
Pacific Coast Rowing Champi-
onships. UCSDcontinuedonto 
fini h in econd place in the 
women ' novice four behind 
grand winner Washington State. 

Three Triton boats fini hed 

second in the petite race - con-
sisting of the seventh through 12th 
place qualifiers in the heats. The 
men's varsity eight, men's novice 
eight, and the women 's var ity four 
all finished eighth overall. 

UCSD's women's novice eight 
rowed to a respectable third in the 
petite final- good for ninth over-
all - while the men 's varsity four 
placed sixth in the petite mce and 
12th overall. 

The women 's varsi ty eight boat 
did not qualify for either the grand 
or petite final and finished 14th out 
of 16 crew . 

Throughout the season, the 
UCSD women's crew team 
struggled to compen ate for its 
small s ize against what Head 
Coach Jack Vallerga described 
as a particularly fast year in the 
sport of women 's crew. 

The Triton oarsmen a1sosuf-
fered from a lack in size as they 
anempted to top the 1990 crew 
which performed "head and 
shoulders above any other crew 
in UCSD history," according to 
men's crew Head Coach Mike 
Shannon. 

- Heather Holtzclaw 

NEXT 
ISSUE CONGRATULATIONS AND GOOD LUCK 
MONDAY, 
JULY 

1 
An excellent 

time to place 

that hou ing 

ad for Fall! 

UCSD 
GUARDIAN 
CWIIIIEDI 

loco/ed 
upstoirs in the 

old SlIIdem 
Celller 

1991 UCSD ALUMNI ASSOCIATION 
OUTSTANDING SENIORS 
Revelle 
Muir 
Third 
Warren 

Tracy Lanise Johnson 
Thomas Lee Allumbaugh 
Darci E. Burrell 
Thomas Alexander Ludwig 

Outstanding Female Athlete 
Outstanding Male Athlete 

Shannon Quigley 
Peter Charles Smith 

Thursday, June 6, 1991 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 14 
(PA), and UC Santa Barbara -
came out intense and aggressive . 

The Triton battled back from a 
hon-Iived 3- 1 Aggie lead to knot 

the score at 3-3, and then again at 
4-4 at the half. 

UCSD's winning goal came on 
a sweeping backhand by Jamie 
Dailey. Teammate Brenda Reiton 
added one more for the Triton ' 
cause to seal the game, and the 
championship. 

Harper had asserted all season 
that the home pool advantage might 
prove to be the deciding factor in a 
close game. " We' re a very, very 
good team at home. I think that' s 
a factor some leams may underes-
timate," Harper said at the begin-
ning of the year. His prediction 
rang true. 

Beginning the season, Harper 
had more than a few questions as to 
what would be the future of the 
1991 squad. Among the biggest 
was. who would be the Tritons' 
goalie? With the los of two-time 
All-American Jefi Paulsen, Harper 
looked to two players - freshman 
Alison We tfal! and senior Dawn 
Ringhand - to fill the void. 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 14 

The Eagles continued to 
threaten as Emory downed the Tri-
tons' number three doubles team 
of Catherine Yimand icole House 
in straight sets. 

UCSD battled back to take the 
vic tory , however, as Amanda 
Lyn ch and Nancine Hayden 
clinched a 6-3, 6-4 win at number 
two doubles. Inaba and Janet 
Whalencamebackfroma6- 1 first-
set loss for the win at number one 
doubles. 

GOLF 
Continued from page 14 
I'm sure we'll finish in the top 
five." 

And, 10 and behold, Wydra's 
squad was, in his words, " the best 
team in the nation over the final 
two rounds" as UCSD was six 
strokes better than it neare t op-
ponent - eventual champion 
Methodist (NC) which shot 605. 

The Tritoncomeback was paced 
by senior captain Devin Thomas, 
who vaulted from 37th place to 
17th individually with rounds of 
74 and 73. He fi ni shed with a four-
day total of307, earning him third-
team All-American honor . 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

. SEN01lIEENl1<YOf< AN 8 1/2" BY II .. SHEETQF 
PAPEA ALONG WrTH YOUR NAME. YEAR 11'01 SOtOOL. 
HOMI:"TOWI'II,C'OlJ..EGE YOU ATTVlD AT UCSD.MAJOIt. 
""0 _ ~v"." ro: SPOtITS Eo""". UCSD 
G VA""IAN. 9500 G'LMAN DR, VE 03 16. LA J OlLA. 
CA 92093'()316. You CA. ALSO 0000 IT Oft' 1'_ 
SI'OItTS EDITOR', lOX AT IlIi GVA""'A. orne .. 
LOCATED I~ THE ST\JOUo'T CE.NTLl. ACROSl FROM me 
OY" . 

-Au. UCSD S1\IDE>tI'S, srAFr'. AND 'AC\JLTY 
AI..£ EUOIIL£ 10 £NiU. EXCEPT fOR GUftRDlAN STAFf 
...... EJU .... 'OENI'\.OYEES Of BJ', c.oc.oo 1'tzzu1A. 

Brien Morris/Guardian 
Dawn Ringhand 

Late in the season, Harper de-
cided to go with Ringhand in the 
goal and Westfall as a field player. 
The move paid off . 

Westfall earrned honorable 
mention All-American tatus, and 
was a key figure in the title game 
against the Aggies, tallying a goal 
and a steal that set up the winning 
goal in the Tritons' victory. 

The Tritons s tarted their 1991 
campaign just as they had finished 
1990 - ranked th ird in the nation. 
Despite 10 ing four of their top six 
players and having just one senior 
(Whalen), UCSD battled it way 
to some tough victories. including 
a 5-4 win over Point Loma and a 6-
3 win over second-ranked Pomona-
Pitzer in February. 

The Sage hens came back later 
in the season to give UCS D a taste 
of its own medicine, however, as 
Pomona trounced the Tritons 7-2. 

Pomona's Shelley Keeler, who 
had beaten Inaba in number one 

Senior Bob Knee also played 
very consistent golf at Firethorn, 
shooting acombined 309 and com-
ing in 23rd to earn honorable men-
tion All-American status. The Tri-
ton scoring was rounded out by 
Dale Abraham (3 14, 40th), Matt 
Stottern (3 14. 40th), and Jeremy 
Moe (3 17, 53rd). 

The regular season also proved 
to be very successful for the Tri-
tons, as they ran up a 14-4 match 
record. 

Included among the Triton . 14 
wins was a record- elling score of 
290 at Redlands Country Club on 
April 22. It was the lowest team 
score in the history of the Redlands 
course. 

-THE f'OiISON ~HO CO\tES UP wml TIlE MOST 
CORRECT MSWERS. AS DETERMINED BY TIlE JUOOES. 
WlU. BE 0CCl.AR.E0 TIlE ClRAt-.D PRIZE \I, INNER AND Wlu' 
BE RECOONIZEO WHEN TliE QUIZ IS PRINTED THE 
FOLLOwn~G WEEK. JNTltE EVE.OrlTOF A TIE. A DRAWING 
WILL BE HELD TO DETERMINE THE WINNER. T HOSE 
COAA£CT ENTRIES NOT SELECrED AS 11m ORA."I0 PRIZE 
WINNER WIU.. 8E CONSIDEIt£D RUNNEAS-UP. 

·THEGaAND'~ WINJ'IIU Will RE.CEJVE A f1t.EJ! 
DINNER FOR TWO AT 81 's CHICAGO P IZZERIA . 
R UNN[RS-UP wiLL RECEIVE A FREE PITCnER OF 
M lCHELOB DRAfT BUR, OR.SOOA, AT 81 's, LOCATED 
IN LA JOlLA V IUAOE SQuAll. A USTOF AU. WlNNERS 
WtLL BE POSTED AT 81's EACH WE£K AND WlNNEIU 
p.,'UO TO SHOW IDENl1ACAn~ TO CLAIM PRIZES. 

• EDlToa's NOTE: Thi, isthe/inal BJ', T,ivia 
Qui: of III< year. BJ's T,ivia Quiz w,lI relu,. 01 
rhe ""ginning of Foil Quorter. 

Last week's questions: 
1. Who is the Baltimore Orioles' 
new manager? Johnny Oates 
2. What is the mascot of 
Barcelona's WLAF team? Dra-
gons 
3. Who won the 1991 Stanley 
Cup? Pittsburgh 
4. True or False: The Detroit 

The UCSD Guardian 

Ringhand proved to be a cJta-
Iy t for the team wi th excellent 
passing off the f as! break, and key 
blocks at crucial moments through-
out lhe year. One of Iho e blocks 
came in th third period of Ihe 
champion hip game and kept UCD 
from scoring what might have been 
the winning goal. According to 
Harper, the block might have been 
the mo t crucial of the season. 

The Tritons. led by the "fab 
four" - All-Americans Jamie 
Dailey. Christy Parker. Brenda 
Reiton, and Kristen Larson - had 
earlier in the season gone 5- 1 at Ihe 
WestemQualificationToumament 
at Stanford in April. 

Playing without Reiton - who 
was suffering from a broken middle 
finger - UCSD moved past 
Pomona, Long Beach tate, UC 
Irvine. UC Santa Barbara. and Cal 
Poly San Luis Obispo before meel-
ing UC Davis in what would prove 
to be a preview of the national 
championship game Ihree weeks 
later. 

"They can feel it deep down 
inside, that they can handle [UCD) 
when the time comes," Harper said 
at the time, after Ihe Tritons had 
lost to UCD 6-2. Unfortunately for 
the Aggies, he was right. 

singles in Ihe February match-up. 
turned the tables in April wi th a 6-
3.6-7,6-4 win. 

evert h e l e~s . UCSD Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante was pleased 
by the perfornlance. "[The l o~sl 
just kind of extra-motivated us." 
she said at the lime. UCS D and 
Pomona-Pitzer were the two team 
that went on to represeOi the We t-
ern Region at the national cham pi -
on hip in May. 

For her effo rts. laPlante was 
honored by he r peers in Atlanta as 
the NCAA Divison III Coach of 
the Decade for women's tennis. 

Wydm credited much of hi s 
team's success to the depth of lal-
ent. "Our trength of play, from 
our number one man on down the 
line was the secret to our uccess 
this season." 

Wydra is already looking for-
ward to next year, when he think 
his team should be just as deep as 
this year 's fourth-place national 
finishers. 

"We' li have three guys return-
ing from nationah [Stottern, Moe 
and Abraham) and everal other 
guys who played for u, a t some 
point this year." he aid. " I also 
have had my be,t recruiting year i n 
awhi le and have five real blue-
chippers coming in." 

Pistons have won three consecutive 
NBA titles. Fal e 
5_ What is the native country of 
Vlade Divac? Yugoslavia 
6_ Which major league pitcher 
pitched his first game in 13 months 
on May 29? Orel Hershiser 
7_ Who won the 1991 Indy 500? 
Rick Mears 
8. How many Andrettis raced in 
the 1991 Indianapol is 500? Four 
9_ Who was the Dodgers ' 
manager before Tommy Lasorda? 
Walter Alston 
10. Which fall spOrt at UCSD won 
a national championship? Wo-
men 's volleyball 
Last week's winner : 
Toni Piper, Revelle. senior. Pre-
med - Del Mar, CA 
Runners-up: 
List of 10 po ted at B1's 

SPORTS 13 

Just for UCSD Students! 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh, 

cooked-to-order Mex ican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LARDS' NO PRESERVATIVES. CHOLESTEROL FREE 

99¢ 
BEEF 

TACOS 
HOW'S: 
11 am·11 pm dai~ 

La Jolla Colony Plaza 

' FREE I 
I Beverage I 
I with any I L ~mbinatlon -.J 

FREE I 
II Bean & Ch .... I, 

Burrito 
I with any specials I 

~r~them~u~ 
Dine in or 
takeout 7770 Regents Rd . (next to Vons) 453-4050 

YAK. MONO 
Japanese· Food 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIALS 

Teriyaki Chicken, 
beef, or pork served wi th sou p, 

salad and rice 

Teriyaki Chicken with vegetable 
tempura or California roll with 

soup, sa lad & rice 
LUNCH $3.99 LUNCH $4.50 
DINNER $4.75 DINNER $5.95 
r-FR~SUSHIWffH-ORDiR-' 
L WITIIn IISAD. ('p 7/1/9 t .J 
------------------~t .... 2pm~.m .... La Jolla Colony Plaza 452.4255 ~;::U;.~~~~·) 7728 Regents Rd. HSOllVons ~h pping Cenler} 

Cloted Sunday. Eat in or take Ollt. We also services. 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 
A 65 REG . $119.99 NOW 79.99 

WA 63 REG . 129.99 NOW 89.99 
WA 68 REG . 139.99 NOW 99. 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT COROURA - LIFETIME WARRANTY 
-FAMOUS TRAILS- - -MEI- . -EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK- ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

: ~:;~:2g~g~~j~fm~i!~ ~~~~ ~i~: -iJ~ 
: port holders. neck PIllows . voMage : __ 
: convertors. • .tf !'P 
: . _. ~1!~~f!~!>.S. 9.r: 9!fT.I!'.~~~. _ ... :: . 

1986 ... .d 
'soepQt· Ji~...eIe" TRAVEL (lOOKS MAPS ~ LUGGAGE & ACCESSORIES 

1539 Garnet , Pacific Beach, Phone - 483·1421 
Mon·Frl10 a.m.·6 p.m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m.-5 p .m . 

r--------------------, Nail Specials II I I 
~ I ACRYLIC $18 99 f • I 
(!!~5~LS • j .: 
Tip Overlay $24.95 I 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29_99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15,95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

--. 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

I 
I 
I 
I 

NAILS BY JENNIFER MEN AND WOMEN I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., S te . 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560·5081 I 

NOI valid wllh any other oilers. Ex. 6120191 .J L ___________________ _ 

SELL your OLD Books and 
BUY your SUMMER SCHOOL 
BOOKS (for cheap!) 

at 
THE GENERAL STORE 
Summer book list includes: 
BIO: 1,9 
CHEM: 6C, 140a 
MATH: la, -b, <, 2a, -b, <, 
PHYSICS: la, 2a, -b, ~ 
PSYCH: 3 (limited supply) 

... 



14 PORTS 

. r I r"lfT' 
~r.-;:) .-

In a three-
part series 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 6, 1991 

Can you say "three-peat?" Golf makes a 
late rush ... Top three for women's tenni 

and cold bats all around 

LJ 
JJ -

Water Polo On Top Once Again 
Women' water p 10 defeated 

C Davi in a 6-5 nailbiter t 
laim it ec nd con. cutive 

national titl 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Wnter 

The 0 women'~ water polo team had 
to be wondering what it cou ld do for an 
encore in the wake of II., 1990 .,eason. 1I0y. 
could a team Impro\e on a 26-0-1 record and 
a nallonal cll:lmplon~hip'? The Trit n., . and 
/lcad om:h Denny Harper. wcrcn't qUlle 
,ure at the lime. 

month and a half. and 17 Will later . 
. 0 had II an,wer - a ~ec()nd national 

champIOnship. 
Takmg 11 Davis m lront of a home 

crowd at C D'~ anyonvlew Pool. the 
Tri tons ( 17-3 n the ear) f: ught a t oth and 
nail batt le with the Aggies fr m sran lO 
finish. eventually prevailing 6-5. 

Having lost to 0 earlier in the sea on 
at the Westem Qualification Tournament at 

tan ford. U SO came into the A olle-
giate National ranked se ond behind the 

Aggie . who had matched the Triton . feat of 
the year before by compiling a perfect record. 

CSD - which had advanced to the final 
game by defeating Cal, Bucknell. Slippery Rock 

See W. POLO, Page 13 

A M OUTHFUL . 
The Tritons knocked off UC Davis ill 

rhe championship game for rhe 
second consecurive year. 

Tennis Third at Nationals 
Worn n' tenni beat Emory 6-3 
to take third place at national 
de pite having ju t on eruor. 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

oming off a econd-place fini h at the 
national championship in 1990. the UC 0 
women's tennis team was hoping thaI in '91. it 
could do one better. 

Unfortunately for the Tritons . Mary Wa h-
ington College (V A) had plan of its own for a 
national title . 

Mary Washington managed to crape by the 
Triton (who finished the year wilh a 14-7 
record) in the semifinal of the champion hip 

tournament in Atlanta 5-4. The Eagle went on 
to claim their econd-ever national title. 
defeating defending champ Gu tavu Adolphu 
by the arne 5-4 margin . 

The youthful Triton were not deterred by 
their temporary etback , however, as they went 
on to defeat tournament host Emory Univer ity 
by a comfortable 6-3 margin. 

In the victory over Emory. UCSD took a 4-1 
match lead before Debbie Fri k downed the 
Tritons' Robyn Inaba 5-7, 6-3. 6-4. 

See W. TENNIS, Page 13 

THE LONE SENIOR 
Jailer Whalen. UCSD's only senior, 
paired wirh Robyn Inaba to form olle of 
the nation 's top doubles teams. 

Golf Bums Up Firethom 
The 15th-ranked Tritons 
surprised the field with a late 
two-day rush to finish in fourth 
place at the national tourney. 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Heading into this year's Divi ion III golf 
national championship at Firethorn Country 
Club in Lincoln, Nebra ka, the UCSD golf team 
was ranked 15th in the country and hardly 
anyone, be id the Triton . was e pecting 
much out of the team from La Jolla. 

AU-AMERICAN 
Team capra in Devin Thomas finished 17th 
at the n(Jtional rournament ill ebraska. 

But, to nearly everyone's urprise, the 
Triton rebounded from a mediocre early 
showing - they were tied for eighth place after 
two rounds of play - to have the lowe t team 
total (599) over the last two rounds. In t~ 
process, they managed to squeeze into a fourth-
place finish with a combined score of 1,234, 
two trokes ahead of fifth-place finisher and 
perennial rival Cal State San Bernardino. 

The fourth-place finish was the highest 
UCSD had placed ince 1987, when it wa the 
national runner-up. 

Thi performance was a surprise to everyone 
except Head Coach Mike Wydra who, after the 
econd day of play, confidently stated: " I know 

we can hoot a couple of ub-300 rounds on thi 
cour e .... If we playa well as we have all year, 

See GOLF, Page 13 


