
t.'OODAY 
EDmON 
• OPINION 

The recent decision by 
Warren College to imple-
ment a cultural diversity 
requirement not only 
promote diversity, but 
tays within the colJege' 

educational philosophy. 
Another plu i that it does 
not burden students with 
extra classe /PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
They're on the CUlling 

edge of music. They bring 
together students from 
different backgrounds. 
Composed of a trio of 
tudents, Eargasm Produc-

tions is also beginning to 
set new trends in the dance 
sceneIPAGE 9 

.A&E 
The Sixth Annual 

International Style Film 
Series allows students to 
experience unique, quality 
international films without 
having to leave campus. 
We take a look at how the 
series began and the films 
that wiJI be shown, 
including tomorrow's "La 
Femme Nikita"/PAGE 12 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD men's 

basketball team was 
defeated by Otterbein 
College 108-95 Friday 
night in Ohio. Senior Tim 
Rapp led the Tritons in 
scoring, tallying 37 points 
in his final game with 
UCSDIPAGE 24 

INDEX ... 
UCSD Clips ............... 2 
Opinion ..................... .4 
Features .................... 9 
Arts/Entertainment .. 12 
Sports ...................... 24 

PINP Deadline Change 
To Take Effect Next Fall 
• Edson will continue to press for 
Spring Quarter policy implementation 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

The Academic Senate" Com-
milleeon Educational Policy (CEP) 
voted last Monday to postpone the 
implementation of the new deadline 
for tudent tO 'regi terforclasse on 
a PassINot Pas (PINP) basi until 
Fall Quarter 1991 . Thenewdeadline 
will coincide with the deadline to 
withdraw from a clas wi thout a 
"W" grade . 

The Academic Senate approved 
the deadline extension by a majori ty 
at its Feb. 26 meeting. 

Under the new policy, the P/NP 
grading option deadline will be ex-
tended from the econd week of the 
quaner to the fourth week. 

According to the CEP, imple-
mentation has been postponed be-
cause the previou P/NP deadline 
has already been printed in publi-
cations such as the Schedule of 
Qasses. 

Associate Reg istrar Sally 
Hickok-Broxton con finned that the 
deadline extension would not take 
effect until fall. 

econd week deadlineJ, and I EPI 
didn't know ho~ to get lhe infonna-
ti n out campus-wide," he e -
plained. 

" It was not very efficient admin-
istrati vely," said EP hair Rich-
ard Mad en. "Wedidn' tlhink it was 
an important enough i sue to ru h 
it. tt 

Madsen noted that orne CEP 
members upported a Spring Quarter 
implementation. 

Hickok-Broxton al 0 acknowl-
edged that the Regi trar's Office 
would have been able to implement 
a fourth week P/NP deadline by 
Spring Quarter. 

She added. "It w n't our deci-
sion; it was the CEP' deci ion." 

The new policy wa established 
after Madsen, acting on behalf of 
the CEP, urged the Academic Sen-
ate to ex tend the deadline. 

Mad en felt that moving the 
deadline back would encourage stu-
dent to complete a course on a PI 
NP basis in tead of dropping the 
class if they believed they would 
receive a poor grade. 

Annie <;nc,tri". Ir., 

"Allofthepublication currently 
- out carried the information [of a 

A tudent must have done work 
See P/NP, Page 3 

Water, water everywhere - Despite California's five-year 
drought, students may still enjoy the Price Center Fountain, 
which is maintained with recycled water. 

'. 

Global Wanning Might be a Matter of Nylon and N20 
• UCSD chemists find that nylon production may also deplete ozone layer 
By Stephanie Simon 
Guardian Reporter 

Two UCSD professors recently published a 
tudy showing that a by-product of nylon produc-

tion is a major source of artno pheric "laughing 
gas," a possible danger to the environment. 

An anesthetic commonly used by dentists, 
"laughing gas" is made up of nitrogen and oxy-
gen in the compound nitrou oxide (NP). Sci-
entists say that N20 can cau e problems in the 
atmosphere, including ozone depletion and con-
tribution to the Greenhouse Effect. 

"Most Np comes from natu ral biological 
ources on the Earth, such as algae and bacteria, 

but lately there has been concern over increasing 
levels. Manufacturing became a suspect," aid 
William Trogler, co-author of the IUdy. 

"The amount of Np produced in this indus-
trial process [nylon production] i uch that it 
could be perturbing the amount pre ent in the 
atmosphere." Trogler said. "And ince N,O is a 
catalyst for ozone depletion, it eems like orne 
attention should be paid to this. So we published 
that in Science." 

The study that appeared in the Feb. 22 i ue of 
Science, the journal of the American Association 
for the Advancement of Science, was written by 
Trogler and a UCSD colleague, Mark Thiemens. 

The article has attracted the attention of news 
media, including CNN, the Wall Street Journal, 
and the New York Times. 

Trogler sees the most imponant outcome of 
the publicity urrounding the study as the in-
creased attention to po sible indu trial sources of 
Np. 

Once in the atmo phere, N,O reacts with 
oxygen to make nitric oxide (NO), a cataly t for 
ozone depletion. 

The main function of ozone in the stratosphere 
is to absorb high-energy ultraviolet light. With-
out the ozone layer, the Earth would be bom-

. 

.. /.1 .' 

UCSD Professor William Trogler has found that nylon may be environmentally hazardous. 
barded by increased radiation, a major cause of 
skin cancer and a threat to plant growth. 

The Greenhouse Effect, also known as global 
warming, is cau ed by ga es in the atmo phere 
that ab orb infrared radiation, 

The predicted re ultsoftheGreenhou e Effect 
are the melting of the polar ice caps and the 
possible fai lure of plants to adapt to climatic 
change. 

Evidence of global warming is provided by 
increased levels of carbon dioxide (COl)' which 
also absorb, radiation, in the atmosphere. 

Although there i Ie Np in the atmo phere 
than COl' Trogler said that Np absorbs infrared 
radiation more readily than does COl' It has been 
e timated that in the future, N20 could contribute 
as much as 10 percent to global wanning. 

Nitrous oxide from nylon manufacturing is a 
"previously unrecognized and potentially sig-
nificant ource," Trogler said. 

The inspiration for the tudy had its origin 
la t spring, while Trogler was giving a lecture to 
his Chemistry 6C class on atmo~pheric chemis-
try. 

Being an inorganic, rather than atmo pheric, 
chemi t, Trogler consu lted his col league, 
Thiemens, for more infonnation on the ubject 
to share with his class. Thiemens is an atmo-
pheric chemist. 

Astudypubl i hedin 1981 by UCSD Profe or 
R.F. Wei s in the Journal of Geophysical Re-
search sugge ted that the overall concentration 
ofNP in the atmosphere wa increa ing at a rate 

See NYLON, Page 3 



.• 
.. , . 

2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
IFC, Panhellenic Honor Outstanding 
UCSD Greeks at Awards Ceremony 

Outstanding individuals and organizations were hon-
ored Wednesday at the annuallJlIerfratemity Council and 
Panhellenic Association 
Installation and Awards 
Ceremony. 

1l1c Chapter of the 
Year awards arc given 
to recognize overall ex-
cellenceofachapter,and 
were judged on an or-
gan-ization's scholar-

~hip, philanthropy, ath-
lelics, campu. involve-
ment, and ovemll im-
pression. Greek Man of the Year 

The sorority award Michael Manning 
went to Kappa Kappa Gamma. and the fratemiry award 
went to Sigma Phi Epsilon. It was lhesecond consecutive 
year that Sigma Phi Epsilon ha~ been named Fraternity 
Chapter of the Year. 

Alpha Omicron Pi member Monique DiPaolo and 
Sigma Chi member Michael Manning were recognized as 
the Greek Woman and Man of the Year. The award 
recognizes accomplishment overthe individual's entire 
time in Ihe Greek system. 

The Chapter Scholarship Achievement awards were 
presented to lhe fralemiry and sorority with the highest 
cumulative grade point average (GPA). 

Winning organizations were Sigma Chi fraternity, 
with a 3.04 cumulalive GPA, and Pi Beta Phi sorority. 
with a 3.IOGPA. 

Winners of the Most Improved Chapter award, recog-
nizing the organizations that have developed the most 
over the past year, were igma Alpha Mu fraternity and 
Sigma Kappa sorority. 

Sorority member Caroline Jone and Sigma Phi Epsi-
I n fratemiry member Jamal Ru hdy were given Emerg-
ing Leader of the Year award . The awards are given to 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

first, second, or third year students who have made excep-
tional contributions to their chapler. the Greek system, and 
UCSD. 

'The Annual Scholarship Achievement awards, presented 
to lhe individual Greek man and woman with the highest 
cumulative GPA. were given 10 Amy Underwood and David 
Kaplan. 

Underwood, a member of Kappa Kappa Ganuna and a 
General Biology major, earned a 3.924 GPA. Kaplan. a 
Politi alSciencemajorandSigmaAJphaMumember,eamed 
a 3.878 GPA. 

The 1990 Excell.eadership award, presented to the fra-
temityand sorority with tbe mo t significant paniciparion in 
a regional leadership conference, was awarded to fraternity 
Sigrna Chi and sororilY Alpha Omicron Pi. 

- Jason Snell 
UCSO Jalz Ensemble to Perfonn f.tJSIc 
Of Duke EIInglon, P.tIes DavIs, Others 

The sounds of jazz and blues music will be heard inconcen 
at 8 p.m. on March 13 in the Mandeville Center Audilorium 
when the UCSD Jazz Ensemble performs a wide range of jazz 
mu ic made popular by big bands and mall jazz combos. 

Tickets are $5 and $3, and may be purchased althe UCSD 
Box Office and from TicketMaster outlets. 

Theconcen will open with the repertoires of Duke Ellington. 
Count Basie. Thad Jones, Frank Fo ter, and Ernie Wilkins. 

The jazzconlbo format will includelhemusicof1belonious 
Monk, John Coletrane, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Horace 
Silver, and lhe music of UCSD student Kevin Spencer. 

The UCSD blues/jazz performance program is directed by 
jazz bass trombonist Jimmy Cheatham. The assistanl director 
is percussionist John Flood. The UCSD Jazz Ensemble in-
cludes a number of UCSD student musicians, both graduate 
and undergraduate, as weU as associate members from the San 
Diego community. 
MacDonald Appointed Director of 
Environrnel daI Policy Stucles for IGCC 

Gordon MacDonald. former vice president and chief sci-
entisl of the MITRE Corporation, has been appointed director 
of Environmental Policy Siudies for the University of 
California's Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation 
(lGeC). headquartered at UCSD. 

MacDonald has also been appointed to the faculty of the 
Graduate School of Inlernational Relations and Pacific Stud-
ies (IR/PS) al UCSD. 

"Gordon MacDonald is one of the world's leading authori-
ties on global climate change. He will be responsible for 
developing and implementing a new program ofenvironmen-

by Bill Watterson 

\\IE T~~IU. <::f ~£ CI<"'3E IS 
9:) O\t.A.I~IS\\ED 'fl\\£.N ~ES 
PIls;.i ~~s l lm£ lkGS . 

.. 

1 nllN'I:. ill BIJ'i ,.. IT"" ~I'OL'i IS ~ I=\JN 
001.£1'-\ l1C'lt.l'S W\\~N '(Oil MM(f. iCNR. 

O'NN C"MIC~ Ct.-RI>5 . 

~r:.~ 
" ~ 

r KINO Of ~£\'o\T 111£ 
MI\N\JFc..CI\JR£RS IMPLKI\ 
ASSUlvlpnoll nlt>.T 1\\\S ! VLO to.M\JS£ ME 

1 ~,ML/ 
! 

~ l" 

Monday, March 11,1991 

tal studies for IGCC, an imponant component of IGCe's 
agenda of changing international security concerns in the 
post-Cold War era," said John Ruggie, director of IGCC 
and professor at lRIPS. 

MacDonald has served Presidents Kennedy,Johnson, 
Nixon, and Eisenhower in dealing with environmental, 
space, and defense i ues. 

His credentials include his appointment in 1970 by 
President Nixon to lead the negotiating team on the U.S.-
U.S.S.R. environmental agreement signed by both heads 
of state in L 972, 

He i currently serving on the Stale Department's 
Advisory Committee on Oceans and International Envi-
ronmental and Scientific Affairs. 

He is also continuing his work as senior advisor for the 
country's national security agencies on acid rain, climate 
control, and new method of signal processing. 
Filing Deadline for Prospective 
1991-92 A.S. OffIcers Approaches 

The Associated Student aresoliciting applicants to run 
for elected offices. The filing deadline is April I. TIlere is 
no filing during finals week or during the spring break. 

The times forflling are 8 a.m. t04p.m. intheA.S. Office 
on the third floor of the Price Center. Posilions available 
include A.S. president. vice presidents, cQlTlJTlissioncrs, 
and sophomore, junior, and senior senators for Muir, 
Revelle, Third. Warren, and Fifth colleges. 

For more infonnation, contact the A.S. Office at 534-
4450. . 
Prominent Theologian Hans KOng 
To Speak at UCSD on March 15 

ControversialCatholictheologian HansKilng will speak 
on "No Peace Among Nations Without Peace Among the 
Religions" at 8 p.rn. on March 15 in the Price Center 
ballroom. 

His visit is sponsored by the Eugene Burke C.S.P. 
Lectureship on Religion and Society and highlights the 
opening otthe new Religious Studies Program at UCSD. 
The lecture is free, 

Kling, wbo tClEhes at the University of Tubingen in 
Gennany, has faced controversy for his prolific writings 
011 a broad range of lopies affecting Christianity. Most 
prominent amoog his book tides is On Being a Christian, 
published in 1976. 

Inthe 19805 his~ltumedtowardworldreligions. 
This is reflected in book tides such as Christianity and 1M 
World Religions. Kiing's latest book is Reforming the 
Church Today. 

GUARIJIAN 
PilL GRUEN, EdItor In Chief 
ROBIN MAc::LEAH, IIIMvtgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInIon Editor 
LES BRUVOlD, Assodate Spotts Editor 
JAMES COlUER, o.Jgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, AaocIafIJ OpInion Editor 
BtU DOWlER, CcJpy EdltOl' 
MEUNDA HAYl TON, AaocIete News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, 4acIcIa News Editor 
LARA HEISlER, AssocI8. Atts EdltOf' 
HEATHER HOI.. 1ZCLAW, Associate 5pOI'f3 Editor 
CHRIS11NA HUIZAR, Aaodete Arts EdltOl' 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Assocfste Copy Editor 
LENG LOtI, ArtsIfnl8ftlllnment EdltOf' 
MEl MARCElO, AssocIste Graphics EdltOl' 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AssocInr Fee,.,.. Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssocIseIr Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAM, GrlIphIcs &IIttw 
JASON SNEll, News Editor 
AlMAS UZGIRIS, Photo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, FfNItures EdItor 
JENNFER YANCEY, Arts/En"""'ment Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bus/n_ MtlMgtH' 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdVfH1/.mg ""'gfI' 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdVfH1I./ng On/gne, 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CI ... ffl«l R.",...",.,lve 
~"'--' .:St.Iy~. r .. _ . DougSliotldt,KnSlMgt 
--'-'-*IoIer9o. o..!Cow.PacIo v_ 

~ 0In00I caw. Joe t..1Ing 10I 

llItlK:SD~"-",""""rci.,,.,.,.~ ... _,...b,nllor"'_ 
=':.:.:':'':'~'1:f~~':=C'i.-:::== 
_or"'Tho __ .r:s ... _ .... "_tt>ra-..,_ .. 
_~ llItLCS1_... ~-""'-~Tho_. _ 
_ b,_ ... ~,'- -... "" __ 

EcIiIariaI: 53oW5IO, ........ 0fIic.: »4-3466, Faa: SJ6.7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, March 11, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

NYLON 
Continued from page 1 
of about 0.2 percent each year. 

Since N10 is a stable chemical 
with a half-life of 150 years, il can 
remain in the atmosphere for cen-
turies. 

Because of this, the new infor-
mation triggeredconcem among al-
mo pheric scientists. 

In June. Trogler attended a Na-
tional Science Foundation workshop 
regarding chemical processes thai 
produce unviable industrial by-
products. 

At the workshop, a chemi I from 
Monsanto Chemical Company ad-
dressed the issue of Np. 

"Someone from Monsanto was 
talking about how chemists should 
find u es for NP, because much of 
it is a by-product in the synthesis of 
adipic acid, which is a monomer 
used to make nylon, a polymer used 
in clothing, carpet fiber, and tire 
cord - a very large volume poly-
mer:' Trogler said. 

" I wondered if the amount of 
Np by-product could becontribut-
ing to atmospheric conditions. So I 
came back and talked to [ThiemensJ, 
and we looked up adipic acid in-
dustrial output. We went in the lab 
and simulated the industrial reac-

P/NP 
Continued from pege 1 
equivalent to a C- or better in order 
to receive a "P" grade. 

According to Associated Stu-
dents President John Edson, wait-
ing until Fall Quarter to implement 
the policy will cause confusion 
among students and create prob-
lems. 

II 

tion, and howed that you get one 
molecule of NlO for evek')' mol-
ecule of adipic acid. which i then 
used to make nylon." he continued. 

"It was son of an off-the-wall 
idea thai we both Ihought was inter-
e ting enough to follow-up on:' he 
concluded. 

Trogler and Thiemens showed 
that man-made Np is lightly 
lighter than natural NP, so it would 
be possible IOdislinguish the source 
of the chemical in the atmosphere. 

'They also calculated that nylon 
manufacturing may be respon ible 
for 10 percent of the increase in 
atmospheric Np. 

Some scienti ts speculate that 
fenilizers and Ihe burning of bio-
mass, uch as trees, might be re-
sponsible for part of the remaining 
90 percent, bUllhis theory has yet to 
be proven. 

Recently, Trogler said, an anicle 
in the magazineNalure claimed that 
the contribution of biomass burning 
to atmospheric N20 is less impor-
tant than previously thought. 

Trogler and Thiemens' study 
took place over the summer and 
continued into October. 

"'The experiments we did actu-
any were relatively simple. It was 
really mostly piecing together in-
formation-sort of serendipity. It' 

He cited the fact that several 
tudents contacted their deans thi 

quaner, trying to drop classes be-
cause they believed that the policy 
had already gone into effect. 

1be information could be dis-
tributed to student when the grades 
are mailed at the beginning of next 
quaner. Edson explained. He added 
that the Associated Siudents would 
provide additional funds to help ad-

a case where teaching helped re-
search. rather that the olher way 
around," Trogler explained. 

"This sludy is an example of 
relatively implechemistry that can 
have a consequence on the global 
climate. It was more the fact that, 
becau e [N,O] was a by-product, 
[it] didn't s-how up on any of the 
tables that theatmo pheric chemists 
would have looked for. N,O isn't a 
product - ii' worthle -, realJy." 
Trogler aid. 

"Given the amount of nylon pro-
duct ion each year, that corre ponds 
roughly to one and a half billion 
pounds of N10 per year emitted by 
this source," he explained. 

"Now, some companie , like 
Monsanto, [have) established con-
trols for that, even though it 's not 
required, because Np i not toxic 
- that' why it has uch a long 
residence time in the atmosphere. It 
i also used as a non-tox ic propellant 
for canned whipping cream," 
Trogler aid . 

Currently, Trogler is looking at 
some other ideas that he and 
Thiemens have on other possible 
sources of N20 . 

He continue his work on cam-
pus, while Thiemens is currently in 
Europe on a sabbatical research 
fellowship. 

vertise the change. 
Edson aid he has already di -

cussed the option of mailing the 
extension out with the grades with 
Registrar Ronald Bowker. Accord-
ing to Edson, Bowker supported the 
idea. 

Edson added that he will try to 
discuss the is ue at today's Aca-
demic Senate meeting, but the item 
is not currently on the agenda. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

~~~ I 30 TAN DAYS $29 -I 
Call lor details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Nol a lemporary water loss • Reduce cellui le and slrelch marks 

9U \t .. 

party on our patio 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455·0909 Expires 4/1 t/9t 

Thursdays 
is 

UCSD NITE 
Ge , at 18 S 

$250 Pitchers 
$500 12" Pizzas 

w / one topping 
101 ... , ha", UCSO 10 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 

ATTENTION STUDENTS: THE ASUCSD IS 
LOOKING FOR GOOD MEN AND WOMEN! 

• • 

ARE YOU AMBITIOUS? WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE CHANGES ON CAMPUS? DO YOU WANT TO GET INVOLVED? DO YOU WANT YOUR VOICE TO BE 
HEARD? THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY: 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1991 ASUCSD SPRING ELECTIONS! 

FILING DATES: March 6th thru March 15th 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 
LAST DAY TO FILE: April 1st, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
WHERE: In the A.S. Office, Price Center, Third Floor 

SEE ANNA! 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: EXECUTIVE OFFICERS; 
A.S. President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 

SENATORS; 

COMMISIONERS; 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 
Operations, Services & 

Enterprises 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators for: Muir, Revelle, Third, 
Warren, & Fifth. 

(FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT ANNA IN TilE A.S. OFFICE AT 534-4450) 

II 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Editor 10 Chief 
ROBI MACLEAN. Managing Ednor 
JASON SNELL. cw. Editor 
BE BOY H UK. OptOlon Editor 

TIw UCSD GuardJOIt'I publi~ ''''0 limn J ",«Ir: Illhe Unl''tnu'101Callfomll, San D.rco COCl1tnll 
0 1991 V 1C"'C~PfCJsaS hc:rcln Kprttcnl the mI)OfllY vow: ol&hc:cchlOr'Wll boItd. and lit noc n«Cu&nly 
lhow 0( 1he: UC 8o&rd ofRclenlS.lhe ASUCSO. nor the cntn Gwutholt 5lafr 

CULTURAL DIVERSITY 

Diversity Requirement is Encouraging 
The recent deci~ion by WalTen College administrators to 

implement a ncw cultural diver~ity requirement in the college 
general educati n curri ulum is clearly a tep in the right 
direction. WalTen College becomes the third college at UCSD 
to alter it genera l education requirements in the last year. Both 
Revelle and Third College implemented new changes in their 
general education requirement. placing panicular cmphast~ 
on the study of cultural divelbity. Like Revelle ollege's 
American ultures requirement, WalTen 's new requirement is 
designed t enhance student awarene s and apprecia tion of 
cultural diversity in America. 

The best pan about the creation of the e new requirements 
is the fact that they were initiated by individual colleges within 
each colleges' unique educational philo~ophies. It would be 
wrong to fo rce all undergraduates at UC D under one blanket 
cultural ~tudie, re4uiremenl.ln~tead. "leh college is finding its 
own way to teach it~ studenb about other cultures. 

Addlli nally. college faculty mUM be commended for the 
way they went about adding these requirements 10 theircurricula. 
Ratherthan adding more required course~. the Revelle ollege 
facu lty ub~tituted American Cultures for one quaner of 
Revelle's ocial science requirement . Warren College faculty 
came up with onother. equally appealing olution - cour es 
within a studcnt 's major or area of concentration may also be 
used to fulfill the ultural Diversity requirement. 

t only i it encouraging to see that UCSD' general 
education requirements are keeping up with the need of our 
multi-cultural ~ ciety, but it is gratifying that each individual 
college is being allowed to follow its own philosophy. Perhaps 
best of all is that undergraduate. already hard pressed to 
graduale in less than five year , won ' t be burdened by even 
more required courses. 

UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD 

Student Accountability Above All Else 
The rccent deci ion by the University Center Board (UCB) to 

change thc election procedure for its chair to allow graduate 
students to hold the positi n is a positive step. The change will 
allow greater representat ion for a ponion of the student body 
which has traditionally been bru hed to the ide. Like their 
undergraduate counterparts. all graduate student are required to 
pay a Universi ty Center fee. According to UCB ChairNi k Long. 
the UCB collcct almo ,t $300,000 from graduate students. which 
amounts to approximately 10 percent of the board's $3.3 million 
annual operating budget. Based on this, Long and others believed 
it would be in the interest offaime - tocreatea way in which grad 
students could hold the chair posi tion. Under the old system, the 
UCB Chair was elected olely by the undergraduate student body 
in the campus-wide A.S. elections. Under the new syslem, the 
chainnan will by elected by the UCB. 

The UCB's primary function is to manage the University 
Center, which include the Price Center and the Student Center. 
It is e entia.lly a non-political enti ty. The recent policy change 
came under a grem deal of fire by the A.S. counci l, which argued 
that it was losing its control over the board. The A.S., being an 
extremely political body. should have no dire t control over the 
UCB. A strong A.S. intluen e in the UCB will only serve to bring 
poli tical debate where it is neither required nor welcomed. 

However. the idea that the UCB chair will be elected by a 
board of appoin tees is problematic. Theimportan eofthe UCB's 
duties. in addition to the sheer enormity of it operating budget, 
makes it imperative that the board have ome accountabilty to the 
student body. Direct election of the chailTllan i the best way to 
ensure that accountability. 

The UCB should look into ways of holding a special election 
for it~ chaimlan which will be open toall student . Such a special 
election may be omenece. sary whena RlMAC commilleechair 
is created. Both position ~hould be kept away from A.S. author-
ity. remain as non-political as po ible, and - above all -
remain directly accountable to the tudent body. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 11, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

A New Fascism on the Rise 
• The cries from those who support political correctness 
are a simple cover for the rise of leftist totalitarianism 
By Greg Dixon 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Americans like to believe that our nation is an 
example to the world of what it is to be a free 
people. Freedom was, and is, the essential founda-
lion of all major politiCal movements in modem 
America - a fundamental truth. All people should 
be allowed to freely eJ\press themselves. 

In America. conservatives have a reputation for 
attempting to apply "community standards" which 
abridge the rights of offensive groups to speak and 
print their ideas. These groups have been largely 
kept at bay by those on the left who defend freedom 
of expression from its enemies. 

Yel, now we see many of these same defenders 
of libeny raising a challenge of their own to the 
freedom of speech. They DOW see1. to threaten to 
cwtail speech from the left. Theirs is the threat of 
the "politically COITCCt" 

Political correctness (also known as PC) is the 
liberals' equivalent to community standards. In 
essence, PC is an attempt to limit what people can 
say and how they can say iL 

Advocates of PC claim to have the highest of 
goals. but they seek to achieve these goals through a 
liberal version of totalitarianism. Reminiscent of 
OrweUian Newspeak. PC would force the use of 
neutral wordings in all docwnents. NOIjust gender 
or mcially neutral words. but words neutral in 
totality. 

The goal of this is to eradicate what proponents 
of PC claim is a rule of bourgeois white males. They 
claim that language reinforces oppressive gover-
nance. By using words such as "manhole cover." we 
evil, white males seek to oppress others into some 
form of subservience. The word should be 
"personhole cover," and then everyone could live in 
harmony. 

While this is only one example. it is typical of the 
absurdity of PC. There is absolutely nothing to 
support the claim that using words such as manhole 
cover. make women (or anyone else, for that 
matter) feel oppressed. 111e claim of subliminal 
oppression has no concrete support. 

Unfortunately. proponents of PC are a very vocal 
minority. Their efforts to reform our language into 
some new. politically correct fonn of Newspeak are 
nothing hon of a fascism from the left. While the 
goals may be noble. the means are dangerous. 

Yet many American coUeges and universities 
have taken steps to implement this liberal 
Newspealc. Some schools (UCSD included) have in 

place "hale speech" policies designed to prevent 
people from using "unacccptable"language. Yet, 
the definitions of "unaccepcable" are various and 
unclear. 

On Feb. 11. 1991. a Brown University student 
was expellcd for using the word "nigger" while be 
was drunk, and then calling a person a "faggot" 
when he told him to shut up. For two words, this 
student was ejected from his university. all in the 
name of societal fairness. While there is 00 
defense for the actions of the student, expulsion 
with CCllStR is excessive punislunent. 

The London Economist listed a number of 
poli~y correct subjects and words. These 
included, "Malcolm x." "multi-cuhural" curricula, 
and "diversity in aU things." Among non-politi-
cally correct subjects were, "buying petrol from 
Exxon. dmd white European male thinkers. 
fratemities, and sororities." 

While the goals of PC are admirable, they 
prevent the CXJnSSion of ideas which do not fit a 
panicuJar group's definition of "acceptable." 

PC is a concept which is inimical to freedom. It 
seelcs to limit individual expression and free 
speech in the same manner as Jesse Helms. only in 
the name of an oppressed minority instead of the 
"moral majority." 

The major problem with PC is that it is entirely 
dcpcndcnt on the goals of those. who implement iL 
If Jesse Helms could administer a PC regulation, 
everyone from AfuH:entrist groups to the Dem0-
cratic party would probably find it tough to be 
politically correct On the other hand. Jesse 
Jackson would probably limit everyone from the 
Young Republicans to the business lobby. 

Even with these problems. there are more to 
follow. 'There are many unanswered questions 
ahout PC. Who decides its limits? Do we include 
inconsiderate jokes? Maybe even inappropriately 
directed laughter? 

If you think it will never go that far, it already 
has. The University of Connecticut already lists 
both of those as actions forbidden to students. on 
or off campus, and being guilty of either is an act 
punishable by expUlsion from the university with 
censure. 

Compulsory PC must be eliminated from those 
places where it exists and prevented from taking 
root in places where it has not yet reached. It is a 
fine concept for those who wish to use it voluntar-
ily. To make it compulsory. however. reeks of 
totalitarianism. 

Monday, March 11, 1991 

CLOSE-UP / ' , ". '.' 

Secking a 
Purpose in 
Leaming 
By s.ngMta Mehta 
Associalfl Features Editor 

I dropped by my academic advisor 
a few weeks ago intending to get a 
petition fonn. The adviser gave it to me 
- along with half a dozen flyers on 
carccrplanning. "Maybe these will help 
you, dear," she said. 

Suddenly, similar conversations 
came flooding back. "You're an adult 
now ... ," "I'm surprised you aren't 
worried yet. ..... "You really ought to 
stan thinking ... .. 

I considered the advice - that I 
should start planning for my future. 
After all. I'm in my thlrd year of col-
lege. and I don't yet have a career goal 
in mind. 

But lately. instead of trying to fig-
ure out a response to "What are you 
going to be?" I'm working on an an-
swer to another: 

What's the hurry? 
As long as 1 can remember. people 

have been questioning my future plans. 
Early in grade school, one of my teach-
ers asked the class about our potential 
professions. The only problem was that 
none of us really knew what the word 
"profession" meant. 

Later on, I made my decisiOQ - I 
was going to be a tap dancing instnic-
tor. Not that I had any great love for tap 
dancing. I wasn'teven very good. But 
they asked. so I was prepared. 

Luckily, I never pursued that goal. 
Ten years later. I'm realizing that it 
was a bit narrow-minded to even have 
one at that time. 

According to most people. I should, 
_ however, have an alternative plan now. 

I'm not saying that I never think about 
it. It's just that. rigbtoow. I figure I will 
use my undergraduate education for 
what it should be used for -learning. 

After all, there are courses in econo-
metrics, and European Jewry. There 
are seminars on the limitations to hu-
man performance, and the archaeology 
of the Maya. 

111e more I tbink about it. the more 
I realize that I'D never really have 
another opponunilY to hear about such 
topics. Maybe none of this wiD be 
useful for whatever career I enter. 

But I. like most people,already know 
a lot of the "practioal" things about life 
- I know to share everything. and to 
play fair. 

I know to learn some and think 
some. and draw and sing and dance and 
play and work some. Like Robert 
Fulghum. I learned all that in kinder-
garten. After I finish a degree or two. I 
know that I'll have to land a real job. 
But no matter what I do, my college 
education will have already made me 

A while back. I read an article that 
compared college to a buffet table with 
good food. Everything is laid out and 
available to you, the columnist said. 
You can take what you want. All you 
need is an appetite. 

College - a buffet? Maybe that 
explains why I'm always so hungry. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

TG Beer Ban Uproar Shows L.arger Problem 
• A.S, beer money can be better spent and students can do without 
By Greg Knauss 
Staff Writer 

In Bra~eNew World, Aldous HuKley's 
novel about a future dystopia, the govern-
ment kept its citizens sedate and easily 
controlled by the free public distribution 
of a tranquilizer called SOIT/Q . 

At UCSD. the government kept its 
citizens sedate and easily controlled by the 
free public distribution of a tranquilizer 
called bur. Now that that distribution has 
ended, those citizens are acting up. 

Often called a "UCSD tradition," the 
serving of Cree beer at the bi-monthly TGs 
stretches back. to early in the school's his-
tory. But on Jan. 17 of this year. that 
practice became illegal. 

The California Department of Alcohol 
Beverage ConlJ'Ol (ABC). responding to a 
petition by Police Chief John Anderson. 
noted that serving alcohol on campus. 
where non-students could receive it. was a 
violation of state law. The Associated 
Students thus suspended the practice, be-
ginning with the Feb. I TG. 

As a student over 21 years old I think:, 
perhaps surprisingly. that the removal of 
free beer from TGs is a good thing. 

While the legality oWCSD's open bar 
is probably what will keep the question 
open, it actually has very little to do with 
the issues that should be discussed. 

Free beer should not be offered at TGs 

because it is not the place of an institution 
of learning to buy alcohol for its of-age 
tudents - nor is it the place of the re t of 

the student body to pay for it. 
The outcry that resulted when the ABC 

outlawed beer at the TG demonstrates the 
depth of the first problem. People openly 
declared free beer a tradition and propheti-
cally taled that the TGs would die without 
the presence of booze. 

But if this is the case - and given the 
attendaceatTOs lately. it is-the students 
of UCSD have very little conception of 
whata "tradition" entail • orofthe purpose 
oftheTGs. 

TGs exist to give students a chance to 
relax on Friday afternoons. to hear music. 
and to socialize. None of these activities 
inherently involve alcohol. 

The fact that students associate "TO" 
with "free beer" demonstTates how far the 
event has strayed from its original intention. 
both in reality and in student perception. 

Additionally. the beer budget for the 
TGs consumes an astonishing amount of 
student activity money. hugely dispropor-
tionate to the number of students it serves. 
Even if every student over 21 years of age 
attended the TGs - something that has 
never happened and never will- the cost 
cannot be justified in tenns of dollars spent 
per students served. 

One of the reasons that UCSD has so 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

few on-campus events i because a good 
panion of the money allocated for such 
event is swallowed up by the TO beer 
budget. 

This. despite the fact that only a mall 
- even insigniticant - ponion of the 
student lxx!y can enjoy the service. No 
other UC campus offers bi-monthly booze 
to its students. 

A solution. of course. is to charge for 
the beer served. Given the attendance at 
the beer-Ie s TGs. UCSD students appar-
ently need alchohol to lure them to school 
events. 

By chargingadime acup. much cheaper 
than any off-campus source, the school 
could not only remove itself from the 
slightly surreal role of beer-buyer for ils 
students, but replenish the activities bud-
get and increase TG attendance as well. 

Of course. Ihe sale of alcohol requires 
an alcohol license. something that the A.S .• 
as a student organization, cannot obtain. 
That's the reason beer was banned in the 
first place. 

But there are many ways around this 
restriction. among them farming the event 
out to an off-campus. student -controlled 
company. 

Bring beer back to the TGs. but bring 
common sense back as well. The univer-
sity owes it utdents many things. but free 
booze is not one of them. 

The Gulf War Fought the Wrong Enemy 
Editor: 

1 fail to see why we as a nation are so 
proud of the slaughter in Ihe Gulf. Why did 
we gleefully applaud the shocking inces-
sant bombing of Iraqi civilians for over a 
month and the gratuitous slaughter of a 
defeated and fleeing army when a cease 
fire was clearly in order. 

How pathetic that we are so sick and 
insecure a nation that in order to feel good 
about ourselves we w= willing to send 
'00,000 of our young people to fight and 
possibly die in a senseless war 8,000 miles 
from our shores. 

As in Grenada, Libya, and Panama, this 
newly demonized enemy was no match for 
our massive military might So much for 
our "bravery." 

We were also happy to sacrifice. with-
out a moment's hesitation. hundreds and 
thousands of "their" lives to prove that we 
are no longer "wimps." We have finally 
found something we can do well. Kill. 

According to Tony Coelho. a fonner 
member of the House of Representatives. 
this war was just what we needed to give us 
a sense of achievement, since "we 've been 
in such a downer for so long. it looked like 
we couldn't get anything done in the 
world." And how about the Veterans of 
Foreign Wars commander who boasted: 
"Once people see how well things like this 
can turn out, I think people will be willing 
to do more of them ... 

Our bombing of Iraqi cities and the 
destruction of their water supplies has 
created a health crisis of shocking pro-
portions. 

According to UNICEF, milljons of 
lives, most of them children' s, w ill be lost 
to cholera and malnutrition unless water 
supplies, food stocks, and medical services 
are restored immediately. Bombing civil-
ians is a war crime. What will our gov-
emment do to save these innocent victims 
of our "precision" warfare? 

The irony. of course. is that we in the 

U.S. will also become victims of our own 
madness. The brutalization of our own 
people should give us pause. An anny 
doctor. recently quoted in the press, had 
learned to hate and dehumanize Saddam 
Hussein to such an extent. that he wanted 
to do "open hean surgery on Hussein with-
out anesthesia." 

The chickens will come home to roost. 
One billion dollars a day on deployment in 
thePersianGulf-notcounting the cost of 
the weapons - is money stolen from ur-
gent domestic needs. 

Our economy is in a crisis with no 
resources for health care. education. hous-
ing. jobs, etc. Our cities are crumbling. 
The real needs of our. people are not being 
met. We don't need to look for outside 
enemies to defeat. 

The real enemy is injustice. hunger. 
ignorance, poverty, and despair. Milita-
rism is not the answer, it is the problem. 

Tanja Winter 
Some Students Question 
Necessity and Motivation 
Of 'Cabbage' Illustration 
Editor: 

We are appalled and disgusted by the 
overt racist illustration depicting three 
"Mexican" men brandishing vegetable . 
("The Cabbage Revolution." Feb. 25). 

Was that illustration really necessary? 
The illustration depicted three of the 

most common stereotypes of Chicanos and 
Mexicanos, the "Fri to Bandito," the 
"Fannworker," and the "Hoodlum." 

The Chicano-Mexicano community has 
worked hard at getting rid of negaiive 
images in the media. They have also fought 
along baltle against Frito-Lay and its "Frito 
Bandito" image. I would like to know 
where the illustrator got hi s ideas of what 
Mexicans look like. When was the last 
time you saw a Mexican or conversed with 
one? 

We. Mexicanos. are not all peons. 
fannworkers , or hoodlums. We don't all 
wear sombreros, sarapes, or guaraches. 
We. like the rest of society, are in every 
profession. and we come in different col-
ors, shapes, and sizes. 

We realize that you have the right to 
print and say whatever you want. that' s 
why you publish such stupidity like this 
commentary at the expense of the Chicano 
and Mexicano community. 

But know that we will not let you get 
away with it. Be more responsible with 
your ponrayal of Chicanos and Mexicanos. 

A word of advice to the drunken week-
end activist who wrote the commentary: If 
you are really conce rned about the 
harrassment and abuse of Mexicans at the 
border. you can take a stand against the 
racist Republican organization "Light Up 
the Border Movement," or against all the 
atrocities that occur at the border every 
day. 

Sober up and smell the shit that is hap-
pening around you and at UCSD. 

Rafael Rubalcava 
Josefina Lopez 

Zachary Berman's 
R eeoil column will 
appear this 
Thursday. 



6 OPINION 

The UCSD GUllrfliRn 
wdcomcs letters and 
commentaries from all 
mcmbe1'softhe 
university community. 
Drop your letter at the 
GUlJrwillff ofikc:s (on the 
second Hoor of the 
Student Center, above 
the General Store) or 
mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
G"R"diaft 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La ]ol1a, Ca 92093-

0316 
Letters must be typed, 

double spaced, and 
should include a 
signature and phone 
number. Unsigned 
letters will not be 
printed. We reserve the 
right to edit for length 
and clarity. We cannot 
guarantee that your 
letter or commentary 
will be printed. 

THE 
BANDS 

.. condie. PIck up 
...... ac.tIoM ..... 
R.v .... Provost'. 

OffIce. Applications 
Mel muille ...... os due 

on 4/3/91. 

UNUMITED 
Hello, boys and girls 
Can you say LAPD? 

Thai seems 10 sland tOl 
LeI's Attack and 
Pummel Darklos. 

How come we don' 
have more black cops 

in black 
neighborhoods? 

BlAG< & WHile eMTOONS 
Of COlOR 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

The UCSD Guardian 

Papa, 
what statue 

is that a 
picture on 

WeU, son, it is 
a statue to wel-
come immigrants 
to America_ It 
inspired a poet 
names Enuna 
Lazarus to write, 

... give me your 
tired, your poor, 
your huddled 
masses, yearning to 
be free, the: 
wretched refuse of 
your tearning shores. 
Send the homeless, 
tempest-tossed to 
me, I lift my 
lamp beside the 
golden door. " 

Monday, Macclt 11,1991 

Hold it! I beg to differ. America 
welcomes immigranu .•. so long as 

they're from Europe, and not 
south of the 
border. The 

border 
gestapo, 
freeway 

checkpoinu, 
and shit for 

pay is the 
wdcoming 

£~~~[R1~[L 
[Q)~~~@[N]~~ 
~©OO~ 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
MARCH SPECIAL! 

Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50% ·90°fc, 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

" 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I 
aos 

LJ VOII,IQ' II 
0' 

"'()~~ 
m., 

• 
~ , 
u~ 

Mwarn,r RO ~ + s tIl APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
ri II 8250 Camino Santa Fe 

.. 'f! .. Miramar, California 
(619)450-3323 

NeXT STATION 
200MB HD 8MB RAM 

MONOCHROME DISPLAY 
ONLY $39951 
~ _ ~ UCSD BOOKSTORE ~ 7~ COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429' 

OPEN: MON· FAI lAM -. PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

I.. --,. I 
I til 01 II II I 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

Monday, March 11, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 7 

wou like to recognize anQ 
ongratu afe its newest members fC?r th 

. year 1991! 

Anton G. Bittner 
Kristen Cardinalli 
Jason Carnahan 
David Finkel 
Caryn Grim 
Lance Ingalls 
AnneM. Kieselbach 

"-

Ryan Manning 
Dina Ol<amoto 

. Jeff Pelto 
St~phai1ie Reid 
Nfna S,?ott..'· 
. Gregory A~ Stein 
Lisa Willet 
Leslie Yanik 

Ar 
~~.""t~, . 4>K9 

KKr 
........ - ........ ·-AOrr 

ALL NEW FOR 1991 • WEEKLY SHOWS THRU APRIL 28 
SAN DIEGO MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART 

700 PROSPECT • LA JOLLA 
17 INTERNATIONAL ANIMATED SHORT FILMS 

WEEK 11 WEE 2 
MON., MAR. 11 FRl., MAR 15 MON., MAR. L8 FRl ., MAR 22 
I 0 how 1\ lidniglu Only 7:45 p .. lll . 7, 9:30 & 12 mid . 
TUES., MAR.. 12 SAT., MAR. 16 TUE ., MAR. L9 SAT., MAR 23 
7:45 p.m. 7, 9:30 & 12 mid. 7:45 p.lll . 7, 9:30 & 12 Illid. 
THURS., MAR. 14 SUN., MAR. 17 THURS., MAR. 21 SUN., MAR. 24 
7:45 p.m. 2,4:30,7 & 9:30 7:45 p.m. 2,4:30,7 & 9:30 

MIDNIGHT SHOWS FEATURE FXI'RA TWISTED FILMS AND 
FREE BARF BAG WITH EACH ADMISSION! 

FOR MATURE AUDIENCES ONLY, UNDER 17 NOT ADMITTED 
ALL MONDAY NIGHTS DISCOUNT ONLY $5.00 

FOR INFORJI'IAT ION, ALL (619 ) 55 1· 92 74 



8 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

Monday.Friday 

8:00 ,.m .... :3O pm - The OASIS Swdy 
MunDgement Cenler provides ~rvi<:e!l IO 
all Sludents who wish to Improve lheir 
academic kills. Malee an af'l)Oinlmenl for 
an individual confen'nce. or «,gister for 
our workshops on lime m3nagemenl. 
notellllJng, reading. te~ lboo~ III1lIIYSI$, 
memory. CIlMl prep. r Ic. Call 534-7344. 
USB 4010. Fret. 

8:00 8m-4:3O pm - 1lIe lAnguage 
Program provide, .,,;'tance to siudenl. 
whose nallve langu:l$e i; not En~li~h and 
tu lho'<'! doing work," J.lpane ..... Imlian, 
Sp3111sh 311d French. A d. gnosti Ie\! on 
.. nllen English a, a second language I~ 
dVilllablc on requesl. Coil 534.22114 {or 
more IIlformatiuli. Siudelit enter. Bid!; 
A #114. Free. 

8:00 am"':30 pm - (EI'cning 
JpJX"nlmcnts allo available.) 'nlC OASIS 
Wnung ("cOler" .. free ICrv ltC (or ~II 
L'C" D ~tudClll S. We olfcr one to one 
wnlin!: conferen 'CI for ilIly t) pe 01 
y,nllllg pfUJCct- Ul:adcmic paper.. . 
pen.OItai ~tatemen". elen >lone' and 

poc~ Our st:lff of tralocd 
WaderJraduah! .• \\ ho corne from a 
vanely of ~adel1lic dl\ciplillCI. can help 
you bealIne. more cffcclIYc writer. all 
534022IW 10 make an appointmenl or 
drop." _ office in the old Student 
CenIeI". 8wIdIng A. #214. Free. 

MOIIIa)o,~. I I. 199t 

11 :01 ... 11:50 am - ProduclI1g 
Orgllllitatlull; Outlining. <ummanling. 
studyarda. usa 4010. Free. 
Tutfdly. MIr. 11. IWt 
12M ,..12:11 pm Exam Prep· 
Gcllrrll:T_Wicty. SB4010. Free. 

3:00,..,. ... - Grad. Prof. lOx urn 
Sl.i lb: SeIIII!DCiI (l()mplelion/>cnlcncc 
conec:tioft. un 40 I O. Free. 
Wcdnaday ..... 13, 1991 

1:00 .,...1:R .. - Texlbool. Anal} . ~: 
rui<.-.I t'IIIIfiIIa. problem soh in!; SB 

·llll O. rwe. 
):00 JIIIl"3:1f ... - Memory 
T~cbrlique$: Rftriva l of Infomlatlon. 

B 4010. Fret. 

ThW1day. Mar. 14. 1991 

z:ot pa-2:5e,. ~ Infonnarion 
Praces,ing: Tnfettntial rcadmg. USB 
-1010. Free. 

ERVtCIl:S 

Munday, ..... 11. 1991 
10;00 .. 11*_- lesbian and 
Bisc"dII PlilrCcMllefing. Ha, e a 
qucslion1 W"lOIIIeOllC to lO ll IO? eed 
a supportIve IlIIYIRlnment' Drap by the 
Women's Rcsoaa:eCcnter. For 
lJ\(hv.dunl appolll-.o, wi lh a trained 
peer counselor. aatl 5301·2023. Frec. 

2:00 pm.4:00 pm - RESTR ICiORS 
(RED) GROUP: JIOIIPs proYiding 
"'ppon :md explol1llioll or sc lf in Ihe 
dlfficulr jounlCY to lICQvery from an 
caling (iI,ordcr w lhe pallcr IS 
restricllon of intakc cil food. Leader: 
Reina Juarez. 53-1· 87.5 (sign·up). HSS 
2126. Free. 

3:00 pm·5:oo pm - 'ADULT 
CHI LDREN OF ALCOfiOLlCS 
PSYCHO·EDUCA 1TONAL GROU P: 

OHIOO1 ..... 

JO:eo _IMI,. - Alcl*llol 
Su~ AIIIw Peer CouNeIint: 
Cecelia ~, peerCOllllidor. 
.534·303', TIIIrd CoIJeIe DUn'. 0ftIcII.. 
Frte. 

10: .. _J l:et .. - AIcIoIIoIIIId 
Sub8Wlc:e Abuse Peer COWIIdlag. Doug 
SlIeres. Peer Counselor. ~34-3~1I5. HSS 
2056. Free. 

2:00 p ... l :3O pm - THE ROM TIC 
COPfN<l SKI LLS GROUP: Will 
leach w4yS 10 crcale WId rn,,"lam 
re/allonships and 10 o'crC(lInc brcaku!,s. 
Leaders: Beverly HarJU, M:try 
McNaughloli. Sign· up: 534·2B7. GH 
1003. Free. 

2:00 pm-4:oo pm - RED I 
(RECOVER ING FROM CAriNO 
DISORDERS): A wdenl \\WkshOp for 
becoming mor~ J\\'nIl: 01 C4tll1g pMlcrm. 
HabllbreaJjng. self-e;tcem. assertion, 
other coping melh<xh t.lughl. Ledde~: 
Rellla Juarez. Nan y Wahhg. Slgn.up: 
534·3875. BSS 2101. Free. 

2:30 pm·J:3O pm - Gay WId BiseAual 
Peer Counseltng. Have a question? Want 
,omeone to Inl k 10? Need. sUl'poni w 
environment? Drop by the Warren 
Literatu<\, Budding, Room 3247 or call 
534·2023 for nn ind ividual appointme nt 
with a tmined peer counselor. Free. 

4:00 pm·5:3O pm -
UNDERGRADUATE THERAPY 
GROUP: For undergraduate students who 
have had individual counseling and arc 
now rcady to explore i ues in a group 
context. Leader: Equilin Luke, 534·3585. 
Preliminary appointment ne os",,>,. 
Gli 1003. Free. 

-1:00 pm-6:oo pm - RED III 
(RECOVERING FROM EATINO 
DISORDERS): 
For tudents who arc beyond regular 
patterns of bi nging, dlcling, or purging 
bUI who want to contin ue their self 
development lhrough in ceased leyels of 
sharing and lrUSI. Sign-up: 534·2237. 

ew UI. Bldg. 3247. Free. 

Wednc day. Mar. 13. 1991 

11 :30 am· I :30 pm - Alcohol & 
SUb'UlIlCC Abu5C Pcer Counseling: 
Cecelia Nepomuceno, peer counselor. 
53-1·3035. Third Collegc Dean's Office. 
Free. 

2:30 pm-4:30 pm - Alcohol and 
UbSt31lCC Abuse Pecr Counseling: Doug 
hcres. Pecr ounsel r, 534·3585. H S 

2056. Free. 

5:00 pm·6:JO pm - AFR ICAN· 
AMERI AN WOMEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP: Infonnal dISCUS ion group 
meeting weekly, focusing on intere I 
and concems of African·American 
women. Leader: Equille Luke. 534·3585/ 
.ign.up. HSS 2105. Free. 

6:00 pm-8:00 pm - Lesbian nnd 
Bi>cxual WOIIIen 's uppon Group. Led 
by peer counselors heli and Debbie. 
We ' re a weekly. confidcntial drop.ill . 
group for women interested in discussing 
personal oncem :lnd 'ocial issues in "ll 
comfortable. supponive environment. 
Call David at 534·3987. Women's 
Resource Center. Free. 

Thursday. Mar. 14, 1991 

9:00 am·Il :00 am - Alcohol & 
Substance Abuse Peer ounseling: 
Cecel Ia Nepomuceno. peer co unselor. 
534-3035. Third College Denn's Office. 
Free. Designed for tudent want ing to explorc 

the effects of growmJ up in an 31 oholic 
home. Call1ls3 Hinz. 534·3755. GH 
1003. Free. 

4:00 pm·S:30 pm - MEXI ANA, 
CHIACA A. LATI A UPPORT 
GROUP: Infonnal group meeting \\eel.ly 
to di cu~s academic. personal and social 
c\pericnccs. Leuder: Lindsay Calderon. 
53-1·37 5 ( Ign·up). Pnce Center. Irvine 
Room. Free. 

U:ot)ND-l:30 pIIt - PAN ASIAN 
• COMM11Nl'rY fORUM: Drop.ln group 

de ipeel til ~ concerns or A ian/ 
P:lclfic JsIaIcr students al UCSD in a 
problem-dvllla and supponive 
aImOo>p~r5: Jeanne- Manese and 

4:00 pm.6:00 pm - Ale hoi & 
Substance Abu5e Peer Coun,cling: 
'icole Blanchard. peer counselor. 534. 

6030. ACldemic Suppan Bldg. 2110. 
Free. 

Tuesday. Mar. 12.1991 

8:30 ' OI · tO:oo.m - GRAD TE 
MEN'S A D WOME . GROUP; For 
graduate student Interested in e plonng 
relallon hip . a adcmic/professional 
i ue . and personal concerns. Leaders: 
Minam losupoyicl. Nancy W. hlig. Call 
534·3755 for a preliminary intcrview. 

JOhA WII :1035. M~n Vicw 
Lounge. f.tee. 
1:1It p ... .a:JO pm - OVERCOMJNO 
COMPULSIVE EATINO: ForworneJl 
who habitually diet nnd binge. Focus on 
managing stre s. building self-esteem. 
increasing awnreness. etc. Leader: 
Equil la Luke, 53-1-3585. Preliminary 
appointmcnt ncces ary. HS~ 2148. Free. 

3:00 pm·S:OO pm - Alcohol & 
Substance Abuse Peer Counseling: Eric 
Ferguson. peer counselor. 534·0767. 
Argo Hal l. Rm 104"05. Free. 

6:30 pm·8:00 pm - Oay and Bisexual 
len 's Suppon Group led by peer 

counselors Tony and Chau. We're a 
weekly infonnal, confidential peer group 

The UCSD Guardian 

flklay • ...,. I'.It91 
t:M .. II:tt_ - A1eohol '" 
SU ....... Abute Peer Counseli ng: 
Nic.1oIe Blanchard, peer coumelor. 
S~30. Acad. Supp. Bldg .. 
2110. Frte. 

12:00 pm·I2:50 pm - RED 
PEER WORKSHOP: F ur week 
"'or~hop prov.dlllg 51..ill to 
identify and improve habIts and 
utllludes retaled tu cUling and 
body ImDge. Leaders: Susan 
Feiner. JennIfer JJglcl.~i. MAAC 
Conf. RIO. 202 Frtc. 

12:15 pm. t :-IS pm - THERAPY 
GROUP FOR OA Y ME : 
Confidenlialtherapy group for 
graduale and undergraduale gay 
and bisexual men. Leader: DaYid 
Blasband, 534-3987. all David 
ror sign·up. Lil Bldg .. Rm. 3240. 
Free. 

lZ:JO pm·l:3O pm - Gay and 
Bisexual Peer Counsehng. Have a 
quesllon? Wanl someone 10 talk 
to'} Need a supportive 
cnvironment? Drop by the WIlmI 
L.lenlllrC Buildin,. Room 3247 or 
call 534-2023 ror an inchvidUlli 
appointmenl wi'" • !rained peer 
counselor. Fete. 

2:00 p .... 3:JO p. - EFFECTIVE 
PERFEcnoNISM COPlNG SKJLLS 
GROUP: Will focus on IeamiJIg 10 use 
lhoughls. dreams, actions Ind 
perfectionistic tendencies 10 successrully 
achieve interpersonal , IC8demic and 

c~r goals, Leader; Beverly Harju, S34-
2237. Location Conf. Rm.. 202 MAAC. 
Free. 

2:00 pm-4:OO pIII - ALCOHOL AND 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP: For 
siudents who raise the queJtion -00 I 
ha. c a problem?~ Supponive IIId 
resourceful environment to explore the 
above theme. Leader5: Dan Munoz and 
EquiUa Luke. 534-3755. Revelle 
Provost" Office. Free. 

3:00 pm·S:OO pm - Alcohol & 
Substance Abuse Peer Counselinll: Eric 
Ferguson. peereoun elor, 534-0767. 
Argo Hall . Rm 104/ t05. Free. 

4:00 pm-6:oo pm - CAMPUS BLACK 
FORUM: lofonnal discussion/ suppon 
group focusing on issues, concerns, 
experiences that affccllhe quality of life 
of the African·American community al 
UCSD. Leaders: Phil Raphael. Equilla 
Luke, 534-3755. Mountain View Lounge. 
Free. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

Tlle.'day, Mar. 12. 1991 

5:30 pm.7:00 pm - Talat a Inak from 
studying and visil Univel$it), 
Toastmaslers. QQr ptIbIlc ipe.1lkJng 
program wi II fBi1iiie f~n imprompttl 
exercises and gucsi speakers including 
UCSD's own Itl3Slct of enthll$iasm, Bob 
Moss! Everyone i welQOtne. MAAC 
Conf. Rm. III ·A (south or the Price 
Center). Free visi t. 

~TERT AlNMENT 
Wednesday, Mar. 13. 199I - Sunday, 
Mar. 17. t99 1 

Wednesday.Saturday.8 pm a. 
Sunda)', 7 pm - UCSD lllealer 
presents "TIle Modem Hearl (and 
Housing)," a new I'fa,llby Kelly Easlon 
the Warren Thea~ (';overnmcnt 
bu reaucracy and the plighl of lhe 
homeless collide In Ihis bleak salin: on 
li fe. Warren 1lleatre. S6 for sludents. 

Sunday. Mnr. 17, 1991 

8:00 pm.tO:oo pm - STUDY BREAK: 
Soda and all·you-can-eal,uua. Live 
perfonnance by Acou tiqAltll. 
Sponsored by ICRHA. Price'ee 
Plaza. S I. 

HEALTH & FIT ESS 

Salurda.v, Mar. 2J.I991-SIttarday, 
Mar. 30.1991 -1lle Waterski Club is 
ho ting its 3rd annual Lake ~U 
Spring Breale tri p. Price: s:ztS.iJr 
members (add S 10 for non~bcirs) 
includes two 50 fOOl hou • sid 
boat • food and transponation. Conl¥t 
272·5702. 

1:00 pm - How aboul a ~IIJdy break? 
Student Health Advocates can give yoo 
some relaxing, useful infOllTllllion thai 
can apply to your everyday sexual tife. 
What a beller wBy to gel YOllr mind off 
scholas lic boredom with some edu alion 

}'OIl can use todayl You 'U never be tested 
Of" pded e~ ill IIIe pmeo/'life. For 
a SlunuIaIinB t:IIaafe. be at die nexl Rinh 
Control Sestion. Studenl HeIIdI Service, 
2nd floor. Free. 

Wedoelday.~. 13. 1991 
.. : .... - Oneootof lO_will 
develop breast ameer in her life time 
accordtna to the American cancer 
Society. Stop by Scudent HealtII Service 
to find OUt how }'OIl can dearaIe your 
chances of beiDa flOe or those stati, tic:s. 
For man: infOC1lllIion about bmlsi cancer 
and OCher female health related fael$, 
ARend the next Well Woman_ion Ihi$ 
rnomlnJ. Siudent Health Service, 2nd 
noor. Free. 

1:01 pIII - Worried aboul finals? You 
probably don'lnecd any mln hassels so 
come 10 the next Birth Control Session al 
Student Heal'" Service and let Student 
Health Advocates help you relieve some 
of tile pressures. Student Health Service. 
2nd floor. Feu. 

Thursday. Mar. 14. 199t 

10:00 am - Do you know the difference 
between an I.U.D .. S.C.U.D .• S.T.D .• or 
U.F.O.? then get 10 the lasl Binh 
Control Session for winter quaner 
81 Student Health Service A.S.A.P. 
Sludent Health Service. 2nd floor. 
Free. 

1:00 pm - H.ve }'OIl seen your os 
lately? Ask. your frieOOIy Student 
Heallh A~V lillie DClit tession 
how 10 find i 're cu~ 
aIIo!tt an 1 bidden 
the female ....,y. ple~1itI!1iiI 
lhis lasl SCiSiol of winter ~ 
loday· Srudenl Health Service. 2ncl 
flOOffFIft . 

REUGIOUS SIR 
'" 

Tuesday: ThW1dar~y • 
c.4mouc M4SS. SponsoRCi~' 
tile catholic StuiIeM CommuaiIy .. ~ .. 1hcteil NCW ' 
\III IIII$S on Wedncfday duriac . 
'l.enl UniversilY Lutheran Chllldl. 
Corner of N. fumy Pines and La 
Jolla Sbores Drive. fnle . 

Y. Mar. 1 1,1991 

11:00 ..... 2:00 (l1li - JEWISH 
CAMPUS CENTERS TABLE. 
Price Center PI. Stop by rel' 
infonnation of JeWish canrp6s life. 

Tuesday. Mar. 12, 1991 

4:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS-
CENTERS Lehrhaus Talmud Study wilb 
Rabbi Doug Slotnick. 502 Ma . 
FreI!. 

7~.£i~LlC Brst 
!'I ._Itwc~on, 

• the upcomin~)' 
tu_. jotn III. UniWll1ty . 

LUlheran Churcb. CaIbolic LoaItfJ. 
ComcrorN. To~yPines"'LaJoIJa 
SIIores Dri ve., • 

wednedy. 

Tuesday, March 11, 1991 

12:00.... CAMPUS 
CENTERS olfc::n LcIutIaus B~ic 
Judaism class with Rabbi Slotnick. SO'l 
Matt hews. Fret. 

5:.s pat - 11fE 11fURSOA Y 
DINNER. Homemade food IIId peat 
company. Sponsored by the Catholic 
Siudent Community II UCSD. University 
Lutheran Church, Catholic Lounge. 
Comer of N. Tom:y PIne$ Ind La Jolla 
Silent Drive. S2 donruion. 

Sunday. Mar. 17. 1991 

1:31 _ - CA 11fOLlCoIfASS. 
Sponsored by the CathOfic Student 
CommuniI)' al UCSD. Universily 
LIItheran ChurdI. Comer or N. Torrey 
Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 

5:08 pat - CATHOUC MASS. 
Sponsored by the Catholic Student 
Community al UCSD, University 
Lutheran Church. Comer of N. Torrey 
Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 

':00 pm - CATHOLJC MASS. 
Sponsored by lhe Calholic Student 
Community al UCSD. University 
Lutheran Church, Corner of N. Torrey 
Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 

LECfURES 

Friday. Mar. 15. 1991 

3:00 pill ..:... 'Ifhe depanments of History 
and Litcndu~ and the ScMnce Studies 
Prognm an: sponsorin& a fIIcture given 
by (lillian Beer (Cambridge University 
and Visitina Professor. Dept. Of 
Itbetaric. tJC Bet1teJey) entitled 
tile MhIInc Unk: A Victoria 
in 1JS14025. J::~"e ~De of 
1896. 

Monday, March 11, 1991 

Escaping the drudgery of studies and 
the claustrophobic conditions of shared 
apanments is a powerful impetus for the 
Iwenty omething college generation. For 
the last three years. the onset of Acid 
Hou e. hip-hop. and its associated 
subculture has triggered an outbreak of 
mass hedonism among this generation. 
Stimulated by the fast. synthetic beat of 

House and funk music. hundreds of 
celebrants gather together in packed 
nightclubs on every comer of the globe 
except UCSD - until now. Eargasm 
Promotion ,a group made up of UCSD 
students, brought the underground dance 
scene to the surface for one night at the 
Bullseye Tavern. 

Warren student Jae Kim. Revelle 
student Steve Choi, and Al Dave from 
Muir make up the bulk of Eargasm 
Promotions. Each of them share a 
common interest in dance music. 

"I got together with Steve a couple of 
quaners back and we staned spinning 
records together- just goofing around 
at first." Dave said, explaining how 
Eargasm got staned. 

On Wednesday night of ninth week. 
the trio took over the Bullseye Tavern in 
the hopes of giving under-21 students a 
taste of the underground dance scene. 
With black tarps covering the walls. and 
a good set of nightclub lights, Eargasm 
transformed the pizza pub into the party 
pub. 

"UCSD needs something like this for 
people who enjoy dancing, the under-
ground clubs, coming out, and ... the 
cutting edge of music," said Sean 
Iwasaki. a Muir student and OJ for One 
Step Beyond Promotions. 

The cutting-cdge soundtracks of the 
nightclub scene are anonymous dance 
records that have a difficull time getting 
airplay or exposure. 

Choi. better known as OJ Sire, 
explained, "The UCSD campus is 
limited in their musical scope to what 
they hear on a radio station like lammin 
Z-90: Father MC, LL Cool J, etc. If I 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian 

Fever 
• Eargasm Promotions 
makes the pizza pub a 
dance club for the night 

Story By Mel Marcelo 
Senior Staff Writer 

Photos by Annie So.trln/Guardian 

" The Industrial Scene. the 
House Scene. and the Acid 
House Scene have just hit 

San Diego right now, In 
terms of music, San Diego is 

in its infancy", 

" STEVE CHOI 
Eargasm Promotions 

were 10 play group like 808 State . 
MC Tunes. KLF - music that 's a 
little more hard·core. the campus isn't 
ready for that. What I need to do is 
play more basic mainstream music 
and slowly bring the crowd into a 
more hard·core beat. " 

According to Choi. "the Industria l 
S ene, the House Scene. and the Acid 

House Scene have just hit San Diego 
right now. In tcnns of l11usic. San 
Diego is in its infancy. We need to 
bring it out of adolescence and into 
adulthood in the near fUlure." 

Keeping up with new dance music 
is neces ary for a DJ try ing to make it 
in the nightclub scene. As the hip· hop 
coordinator of Earga m, Dave said 
Ihat he tries to play up·and-coming 
music that hasn' t really hit the club 
scene yel. 

Following the credo of the other 
Eargasm DJs, Kim said, ' 'I'm try ing 
to build a reputation of being currenl. 
Anybody can just sit on their records 
for four months at a time and get 
away with it at this school. New 
records are coming oul every other 
week." 

To keep up with the new releases, 
Choi explained that Eargasm spend 
about $100 a week on records. Choi 's 
current choice of groups are X·Clan . 
K-Solo. KLF. Professor X. Isis. Paris, 
Main Source, and Betty Boo. 

"Since r've started working at As· 
sorted Vinyl. the rap. House. and 
uptempo reggae sections have really 
picked up in sales. EPMD, a rap group, 
sells justas much as Morrissey. Consid· 
ering we are UCSD, Morrissey is going 
to sell a few more copies. But. it' s still 
nice to see some of the urban aCls selling 
a lot." Dave said. 

Eargasm hopes to do more night· 
club-oriented events for UCSD, but it 
all depends on whether people will be 
willing to pay. With a cover charge of 
only two dollars after IO p.m .• the bulk 

See DANCE, Page 10 

FEATU RES 9 

PERSPECTIVE 

Marcela Estrop, Third: 
"It's really nice - they're play· 
ing music they don't play any· 
where else. I really like soul-
anything that's soulful!" 

Gonz Garay, Revelle: 
"It's really positive. II the cam· 
pus would fund something like 
this. it would get bigger and 
bigger: 

Jacque Lehrer, Muir: 
"I think it's great. It's really differ· 
ent from the usual parties, The 
music is really new and there's 
a really racially mixed crOWd. 
It's positive for our school.' 

Sean Iwasaki, Muir: 
"UCSD needs something ~ke 
this to be on the cutting edge of 
music.' 

Photos by Sarah Kremer 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Disabled Students Hit the Slopes 
By Julie Puzon 
Senior Staff Writer 

I picked upahandful of now 
and packed it together a!. I 
10 ked down the powdery-
white mountain below. Rising 
above Big Bear Lake were o ther 
snow-capped mountains. and 
below were the outlinesof ~mall 
houses. I took in a deep breath 
U! I surveyed the scene. 

"Ready kiddo?" one of my 
~ki instructor\ nsked . 

" Yep," I re~ponded, eager 
yet apprehensi ve. 

And wi th n pu~h I wa~ off. I 
knew that somewhere down 
below all thi ~plendor, my 
wheelchair w:!ited patiently. 
But that didn ' t matter. For the 
firs t time in my life I was ski-
ing. 

Like some of the other~ in 
the Di,abletl tudent Union 
(DSU) who \ ent on the l>ki 
retreat last weekend, I didn't 
kn w what to expect a~ I went 
down the s l pe. Of the nine 
member wh attended, fivc of 

u~ had never been skiing be-
fore. One of these fir~t -timer. 
was Russ Allcn , Third ollege 
junior. 

" All of u~ wcre going up 
there with 'c rtain dbabilit ies 
and I W;h ~cared fore verybody 
and myself because .. . lofl the 
p ssibility of tailing d wn lind 
brc;lking bone~ ... c~pccially ... 
[!oincel both m leg, arc b.ld:· 
he said. 

r--

Before he went skiing. 
Allen' only image of thc ~por1 
was from pon programs. 

"My image of the skier is 
'The Wide World of Spon .. 
where you see this guy ... 
flopping around after he took a 
fall. That' alway been my 
image of what happens to you 
when you ski. Now I feel like 
I've cnught the bug. I wunt to 
go again." Allen aid. 

Due to an au tomobile acci-
dent, Allen lost the u,e of his 
left hnnd, and the only adapta-
tion he required was a ,pecial 
glove to help him grip the ski 
pole . 

kiing, according to Direc-
tor of the ali~ mia Handi -
capped ki School at Bear 
Mountain KeiLe MalkewitL, i 
one of the mo t adaptab le 
sport . 

" Gravity pull s evcryone 
downhill at the same ra te ," 
Malkewitz sa id. All they need 
are the proper aid ,she added. 

For orne, adaptation for 
skiing wasn't a matter of 
equipment, but of the staff 

lI1ember~ of the ski school. 
Revelle fre shman Eric 
Rothhaar has a vi sual impair-
ment, nnd was therefore aided 
by a guide. 

"Once 011 the slopes. my 
guide tried to instruct me. I had 
already had some experience. 
,o he bal>ically guided mcdown 
the mountain ... and I sJ..ied ." he 

said. 
Other members, uch as 

Traci Powell. a Warren junior, 
required more elaborate equip-
ment to ski. With weakened 
mu cle from Freidrich' 

taxia, a degenerative neuro-
logical disease, Powell u ed 
what i called a it-ski. 

" /t 's kind of like a big tube:' 
he said. The s led-like device 

has her itting down with her 
leg tretched and completely 
covered. Under the covers were 
everal pads and st raps to hold 

her in place. 
" 1 felt really c losed up ... It 

felt like half of me couldn ' t 
move. I was only using my 
arms. III felt kind of locked 
in," Powell said . 

Although he wa securely 
fastened to the it-ski, he s till 
felt free as she glided down the 
slopes. 

"I felt really exuberated, 
enthu iastic, alive. I was ki-
ing. I felt like I was on top of 
the world," Powell said. 

Thi enthusiasm was no-
ticed by thc instructors of the 
ski school. Malkewitz com-
mented on the DSU' attitude. 

''The group was really sup-
ponive of each other .. . They 
had a great time and 0 did I ," 
he aid. 

Having a good time was a 
large part of the DSU retreat, 
but Powell, the orgunizer of 
the retreat, explained other 

rea ons for the trip. 
"Thi retreat was important 

for the cohesiveness of our or-
ganiza tion . [Big Bear pro-
videdl a nice atmosphere for a 
ret rear. .. I had been skiing for 
the fir t time earlier thi quar-
ter. and it was uch a great 
experience that I though t ev-
eryone [in the DSUJ hould do 
it," he aid. 

" It was time for all the 
member [of the DSUJ - the 
old members and the new 
members - to get to know one 
another better and to discuss 
what goals and objective they 
would liketosetfortheDSU in 
the coming year," said Robbie 
Gimblett , DSU facilitator and 
outreach as istant for UCSD's 
Disabled Student Service . 

"The retreat presented a 
number of unexpected chal-
lenge [for the DSUJ." 
Gimblert aid. "And becau e 
they were unexpected, it called 
for a good deal offlexibility on 
the part of each member and 
myself as their advisor ... it 
opened up the opportunity to 
learn new things about the en-
vironment and about each other 
on the lopes." 

To Allen, the DSU retreat 
and kiing experience was an 
eye-opening adventure. 

" I didn't realize they had 
uch a thing like it-ski ... It 

crented an awareness within 
our group," he said. 

Carwash • Gas Station • Dry Cleaners 
• Groce~y Store· One Hour Photo. Florist 
• Post Otfice • Ha i r Salon • Video Store • Bank 

• Restaurants • and many other retail stores. 

Monday, March Il, 1991 

DANCE 
Continued from page 9 
of the crowd came in before the cover 
charge began. 

"We're not even in this to make money," 
Choi aid. A longa we break even, I'll be 
happy." 

"Two buck i not that mu h compared 
to the $10 to $15 cover charges at mo t of 
the nightclubs in Los Angeles," Kim said. 

According to Choi, "We're kind of 
caught in a Catch-22 doing things on 
campu . We ' re trying to appeaJto an agelS 
and above audience , and a 21 and over 
audience. When we do an 18 and above 
Judience, we lose a 101 of money - in 
term of making our money ba k at the 
bars because they're too young to drink. If 
we go for the 21 and over, a crowd that can 
hit the bars, then we'll lose 90 percent of 
thi campu becau ethemajorityofunder-
graduates here aren't 21. 

"We have to do something about it. 
There's a hook somewhere and we just 
haven ' t found that hook yet but we're 
working on it and it should be coming 
along pretty soon," he said. 

Although Eargasm ' stint at the pizza 
pub did not bring in loads of cash, the 
dance brought together many students from 
different backgrounds. 

Getting the different groups on campus 
together is part of Eargasm's plan of 
spreading the underground nightclubscene 
to UCSD. 

"When I was a freshman , I wa kind of 
disappointed that UCSD didn't have that 
kind of infra tructure for thi Iype of an all-
campu event. As far as I can say, and not 
to sound racist, the TGs are a mono-ethnic 
event. The TOs are the only prime mu ical 
social event at UCSD that involve. every-
body -it's not a college limited event. 1 
want to do something that would bring an 

See DANCE, Page 11 

I 

Monday, March 11,1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 11 

DANCE 
Continued from page 10 
alternative almo phere to UCSD," 
Kim said. 

Clad in a nightclub outfit of 
baggy, denim overalls with Q loose 
white shirt, Revelle studen t Gonz 
Garay commented on the dance 
while taking n break from the in-
fectiou music. 

you can't dance that well when 
you're on something." 

With the current rise of the 
House music and hip-hop dance 
scene, it' hard to ignore the D-
word- di co. 

of a comeback. I like di co but I 
never aid anything when people 
mentioned di co." 

But in general. House music 
and hip-hop are ju t as unmen-
tionable as disco at UCSD. Kim 
noted that a lot of people "are in the 
clo et as rap music fans . There' a 

been a humongous turnout. We 
probably had 200 people who came 
in and out and some of the people 
had to go out and study." Dave 
said. 

"If you look at it, I'm killing 
four birds with one stone," he con-
tinued. "I'm trying to provide an 
all-campus event for UCSD, and 
get our school up to date on the 
music scene. I want to provide an 
area where every racial group on 
campus can come together and not 
feel excluded because dance mu-
sic is not white, black, or hispanic 
music. I'm also providing a night-
club atmosphere on-campus so 
people won't have to drive down 
toTJ. 

"There's a little bit in it for me 
becau e I wantto the experience of 
starting my own business, but 
mainly I want to provide a ervice 
that I wish exi ted when [ was a 
freshman." 

" It' s really positive. The music 
is good, and everybody's nice. I 
don't understand why they don't 
do it more often. At Columbia and 
other East Coast campuses, there's 
always somewhere to go every 
night," he said. 

At least for one night, UCSD' 
hard-core fans of House and hip-
hop mu ic had a chance to meet 
people with the same interests. 

"I love it - the beat of the 
music. It's in me," Revelle tudent 
Katherine Bates said. 

According to Kim, "People who 
like to dance don't really drink that 
much. Everyone that I know who' 
dance-oriented only drinks water. 
It 's a pretty clean trend becau e 

"Disco used to be a word 
shunned by everybody," Choi said. 
''I'm with it. It' s a neat thing and 
it's coming back. Except now it' 
gonen a lot more complicated bass 
beats on the background, and 
there's lot of talent out there in 
disco records. It 's about time in the 
'90s 10 [getl back into the disco 
cene. 

"Some people don ' t really care 
for it because, maybe, when they 
were young they weren't into it in 
the fir t place. I was really into 
disco when I was young. I used to 
listen to Sean Ca sidy, the Bee 
Gee , everything on RS Soul la-
bels." Choi recalled. "To me. di co 
never died . Now it' s making more 

tigma attached to the whole mu-
sic where they feel like, ' Oh,l'm 
listening to this type of music. I 
houldbeli teningt09lX.'That 's 

just one of the tereotypes that 
have to be overcome." 

Looking back at the event the 
next day, Dave tated that UCSD 
needs to have something like this 
more often. 

"Considering our thing was on 
a Wednesday night. I think it was 
pretty receptive. I mean, this i like 
our ninth week of school and people 
are studying. If it wa on a Friday 
night in the founh week of [the 
quarterl, I think there would have 

What' s getting a lot of talk is 
thegroup's quirky name: Eargasm. 
Kim explained that "Steve came 
up with it. To a degree it's what 
we're striving for - that sensory 
explo ion. 

"With me, when 1 hear a really 
good song it's like 'Fuck. this is 
really hip.' Like ' I Don ' t Know 
Anybody Else' by Black Box and 
'Another S leeple s Night' by 
Shawn Christopher- tho e two 
songs are incredible. It puts me in 
a kind of euphoric state and when 
I'm dancing to it. it 's more of a 
rush. It is I ike all orgasm or an 
cargasm. What'ssocool isthatit's 
so healthy for you : just you, the 
music, and the dance floor," Kim 
added. 

• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Unable to Relax? 
Anxious, nervous, tense? FREE research studies are available 

to people suffering from anxiety. Symptoms include feeling 
nervous, tense, irritable, stomach problems, insomnia, muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive 

free medications,lab tests, physicals and psychiatric evaluations. 
18 or older, please call Monday through Friday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

00000 FEIGHNER o D RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
FREE STUDIES ALSO AVAILABLE 

FOR DEPRESSION 

554·0100 
The Leadu in P$YChopoo1"TTUlCOlogic Research since 1973 

Get the Competitive Edge 

Test 
Preparation 

In today's competitive educational arena, it is so important 
to score well on entrance exams. If you're feeling anxiety 
buildup as the test date approaches, UCSD Extension can 
help your performance by familiarizing you with the for-
mat and content and by offering sample tests of the same 
level of difficulty as the actual examinations. 

Preparation for the LSAT 
(Law School Admissions Test) 
Abstract reasoning and ordering, analysis recognition of 
issues, application of facts and principles, reading com-
prehension, logical reasoning, and writing for the new 
format of the LSAT. This course is offered in an eight-
week (ApriI2-May 21) as well as an intensive format 

- (May~29) . 
- LSAT test date: June 10 

Preparation forthe GRE and GMAT 
(Graduate Records Examination and Graduate Management 
ApI~ude Test) 
GRE: Sentence completion, analogies, antonyms, reading 
comprehenSion, analytical reasoning, and math review. 
GMAT: Reading comprehension, date evaluation, sen-
tence correction, charts and graphs, date sufficiency, and 
general math. 
• Test dates-GRE: June 1 

GMAT: June 15 

Spring quarter begins April 1. For a free catalog with 
details on UCSD Extension's test preparation courses, 
phone 534-0406, )(205 or call to enroll: 534-3400. 

Plionf: 5}1 0,106 X205 for more IlllormotlOn 

• ARE YOU • • • • • 
• C OR • • • • • • • 
• • 
• BLIND? • • • 

• 
• 

Earn $S per hour participating in • • 
experiments on color vision. • • 

• 

If you know or suspect that you are color deficient, • • 
contact: Ethan Montag, Department of Psych ., • 

• 53.4-2999 • 
• 

Relurn subiect> ore welcome. • 
• 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

:\~ORD ~~~ 
~ 
• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads r< 5iSr-... ' .:' .. :'': 

· Oanishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 
• Gourmet Coffee 

'- '" 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain food, so gel 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our hOllse." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

BEING-FIT ~ 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a 
better bargain, 

Offer expre, 3!2~/91 

• AEROBICS - NAUTILUS 
• FREE WEIGHTS -lIFECYCLES 
·STAIRMASTERS ·REEBOK STEPS 

-PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
- 4 MilES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, 
Clairemont Square Shopping Center 

(Near lee Words, behind Pars Sport) 
483-9294 

olso located near SDSU (698-1702) 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

International Film Series a 
Hidden Treasure at UCSD 
• Some of the best international films are presented each 
year as part of the series, and should be taken advantage of 
By Amy Knoke 
Staff Writer 

So you think that intemational 
travc l i expensive? We ll . think 
agai n. because for a limited time. 
you can visi t 10 fo reign countr ies 
for a mere $25. Hold on. th ugh. 
befo re you Siall dropping classes 
and I oking for a kennel for the 
dog - relax a bi t. beca ll ~e you 
won' t need a tfave l agency forthis 
trip. 

In faci. the onl y requirements 
are that you keep your Tuc~day 
nighl s open and that you make it to 
the Mandeville Audi t ri ulll befo re 
the o ther 700 people wai ting in 
line to attend the ix th Annual 
Intemational Style Foreign Fi lm 
Festival. 

Ofcollr e. the series pas,. whi h 
co~ t ~ $25. doe~n' t come clo e t 
gell ing your body OU I of Ihe U.S .. 
but it will enable your mind to 
e capei nlo the ult ure,J e pie. and 

languages of seve ral countries. in-
cluding Turkey. China. India. and 
Au tria . Ho weve r, if yo u ' re 
thinking Ihal Ih i i a Nat ional 
Geographic serie or omebody ' 
snapshots from la I summer's va-
ca t ion. go an ther 180 degrees and 
there you' lI find the Style Series .. 

Ruth Baily. an i lie director for 
the se ries. i adamant about these 

film~ be ing the best Ihat a country 
will produce - and that unfonu-
nately. they may be ~een in onl y a 
~e l ec t group of theaters. des tined 
10 end up in the backsofmai l-order 
ca talog. 

Baily doc~n ' t spend mll h time 
going throug h U .. distributors 
when putt ing the series together. 
The tru th b that Bai ly and the tyle 
Series coordinator, Corey Eubanks. 
are constantly ~ 1I 0wing upon ca lls 
from a ll over the world. a they 
attempt to track down fi lms they 
hope the audience will apprec iate. 

"It·s like playing detective a lot 
o f the time," Baily aid. " You tart 
with a title and you know what 
country it came from. and fre-
quentl y you have no idea who ' 
got it. " 

One trickthatBail y aid worked 
magnificently wa the sending of a 
pro mo tional pac ke t to eve ry 
country 's con u late that he could 
find. Thi s ort of communication 
benefit both the quality of the 
UC SD eries and the foreign 
countries' film industry. 

According to Baily, since the 
fo reign con ulate will want to 
promote it' s film industry, it will 
e nd ove r the be t film that ha 

been produced in the country . Thus, 
audience in the U.S. will pread 
the word of noteworthy foreign 
films and increase the demand o f 
the ir production. 

Although some con ulates' re-
sponses were enthusiastic, Baily 

S. Fuji and K. Takakura in "Buddies (A-UN)", one of the many films that will be presented. 

COME ON IN 
FOB A FBEE 
EXTRA SCOOP ~. 
with Illy 
ice cream purchaael 

atBen8c 
Jerry's® 

LA JOUa VIlI&4\II DI'. 

4110 .. ,.u Park Bow 
LaJoIIa • 887-:5680 

(".,., to ..... ~ .... UIa Marriott) 

COMPUTER AGE 
OFFICE SERVICES 

---------------------

ProfeSSional WOld Processing 
With ~ e<penence 

IBM • WordPerfect 5.1 
Laser Jet III 

• Flyers 
• Papers 

• Resumes 
• Newsletters 

RELIABLE CONFIDENTIAL 
STUDENT RATES 

PICKUP AND DELIVERY 
AVAI LABLE 

Fax 298-7932 

Call Susan at 
291-1355 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Monday, March 11, 1991 

Anne Parilllaud as the dangerous Nikita in Luucc Besson 's thriller, "La Femme Nikita. · 

often heard nothing from others. 
such as Ireland. Africa, and Latin 
America and urrounding regions 
that s he said are "gross ly 
underrepresented in the interna-
tional scene, but it' not because 
they don' t have the films." 

While focusing almost entirely 
on obtaining superb films, Baily 
and Eubanks would also like to ee 
the StyleSerie take on a few more 
dimensions. One dimension that 
Baily feels would directly benefit 
the UCSD students would be to 
have more profe s ionals visit the 
campus. She believes that a perfect 
scenario of this idea, would be to 
have two well-established and two 
up-and-coming Japanese film di-
rectors at UCSD for a week of 
seminars and workshops. 

"Students don't get enough ac-
cess to working professionals in 
thi s country , let alone in other 
countries," Baily said. 

Baily would also like to see the 
film series integrated into class-
rooms. Although she has received 
considerable assistance from some 
departments, Baily feels that "this 
series is more than just prov iding a 
useful service in an era where the 
arts are not getting a lot of sup-
pon." 

One aspect that Eubanks and 
Baily definitely d~ not want the 
Style Series to take on is that of 

presenting awards. "I don ' t think 
we'll ever be in the position to 
[give film awards]," Baily said, 
"becau e we want to be able to 
remain selective and to be able to 
choose things that we are all confi-
dent are really worth showing." 

Turned off by the huge com-
mercial film festivals of Los An-
geles and New York, where every-
thing from the very good to the 
very poor gets shown, Bail y would 
rather keep this series smaller. 
"Once it becomes real big and 
commercial ," Baily said, "then 
we've 10sI our freedom to pick and 
choose." 

The ability of the staff to hold 
out for the very best will hopefully 
affect San Diego as a whole and 
not just the individuals who attend 
the films . 

Eubanks, who is aware that San 
Diego is not known for its interest 
in foreign film and is also more 
aware that U.S. distributors are not 
as open to working with San Diego 
as they are with Los Angeles, would 
like to see a growth in the series' 
reputation. 

Although the series is doing ex-
ceptionally well in attendance, 
Eubanks would also like to see the 
fi Lm series become more respected 
within the film festival circuit. The 
series may be well on its way to 
doing just that. With exceptional 

feature uch as Taiwanese direc-
tor Hou Hsiao-Hsien's acclaimed 
"City of Sadness," Austria's "Re-
quiem for Dominic" by director 
Robert Domheim (a Golden Globe 
Nominee for Best Foreign Film), 
and France's "La Femme Nikita," 
a story of a woman whose second 
chance at life is more violent and 
di turbing than the one she was 
forced to give up. 

The Sixth Annual Intemational 
Style Foreign Film Festival could 
possibly be one of the finest sources 
of entenainment found in San Di-
ego County. All films are profes-
sional ventures. All have been re-
leased within the last three years, 
some have won awards and all are 
critically acclaimed ... and admis-
sion is only four dollars. 

Just think, for four dollars you 
could be fortunate enough to ex-
perience one of the international 
film community'S best produc-
tions. But unfortunately, that one 
night may be the only chance to 
see it. 

When: Every Tues., 8 p.m. 
through May 28. 
Tommorrow night, 
March 12, feature. "La 
Femme Hikita" 

Where: Mandeville 
Auditorium 

Tickets: $4, UCSD Box 
Office, 534-6467 

The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

"THE MODERN HEART (and housing)": 
Corruption in the Post-Reagan Years 
at Michael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

During the now infamou 
Reagan years, federal funding for 
government housing programs de-
creased by 80 percent. A whole 
new population of people di en-
franchised from society now roam 
the streets. More and more people 
are without a home, a nece sity that 
most of us take for granted. 

" If [ knew the olution to the 
problem, I would be a ocial 
worker," graduate playwright Kelly 
Easton mused. Ratherthan attempt 
such a massive task, Easton pre-
sents the problem for the public 's 
perusal in her new play, "THE 
MODERN HEART (and hous -
ing) ," playing this week in the 
Warren Theatre. 

''I'm interested in how the insti -
tution works on the individual . The 
bureaucracy is so impossible and 

frustr,lling. especially the govern-
ment," remarked Easton. 

The production is directed by 
graduate student James Peck. di -
rector of the recent staging of "The 
Castle." This marks the second 
collaboration between Easton and 
Peck , who teamed upon last Yl"ar' s 
"Ordinary Objects." 

"The play hows a great deal of 
empathy for people on the street. 
and there's a clear condemnation 
of governme nt admini trati on. 
There ' also empathy for t he people . 

. who work in the office. Although 
they do immoral things, they ' re 
also victimized," Peck commented. 

The action of the play center 
around Jeanine. a widow with ix 
children. She i continuously un-
able to find a place where she be-
long . Linda. another character. is 
a quirky, offbeat woman who ha 
run up all her credit card and is 

working in the housing office to 
pay them off. She is a free spirit 
getting crushed and absorbed by 
the sys tem . The s ucc inc tl y 
named Vile is the son of a pow-
erful politician. in charge of the 
office. Although corrupt, he is a 
wildl y creative pe rson who 
doesn' t belong in a hou ing of-
fi ce. The e characters intenwine 
with others. and among them-
selves. in a web of unfulfi lled 
relationships and hopes. 

Not just concemed with the 
logi tics of government hous-
ing, the play looks at the corrup-
tion of all individua ls in tOOny's 
society. 

"The machine we li ve in cor-
rupt our hearts and makes it 
very difficult for u to have any connec-
tion with someone else. The play is very 
much about longing and 10neliness."Peck 
said. 

When: Wed. thru Sat. at 8 p.m., 
and Sunday at 7 p.m. 

Where : Warren Theatre 
Ticket.: $6-$12 at the UCSD Box 

Office 

The Peculiar World of Mumenschanz Mime/Mask 
By Christina Huizar 
Associate A&E Editor 

Plastic trash bag ,vacuum tubes, 
and enormous potatoes move 
noisily acro s the stage. There are 
no visible anns orlegs, orany other 
body parts to suggest that human 
beings are maneuvering the ob-
jects. Welcome to the world of 
Mummenschanz. 

Mummenschanz. is a three-
member mime/mask troupe that has 
been delighting the crowds of adults 
and children for the past 20 years . 
Thomas Prattki, actor and mime of 
Mummenschanz s poke of the 
group's peculiar angle in mime. 
"Normallyifwearetalkingofmime 
we have in mind this classical pic-
ture of a mime with the white face, 
Marcel Marceau . What Mum -
menschanz is doing is completely 
different. We are going more in the 
direction of mask play, dance and 
puppetry." 

Mumenschanz does not use 
music or any other spoken dia-
logue. They don't need to . Mu-
mmenschanz relies on the noises 
of their costumes and masks, for 
example, plastic bags chafing upon 

one another, and the unspoken dia-
logue they create between them-
sel ves and the audience. "What we 
have is body music. There is a 

certain mu ic in the costumes and their 
sound. We al 0 try and get in contact with 
the audience. We use everyday materials, 
toilet paper. plastic, foam, or whatever. 
The idea is to g ive all these everyday 
materials acenain value. We are living in 

a soc iety where we 
throw s o man y 
things away. I know 
I do. So to pick up all 
these mate ri als. to 
work with them, and 
to give them human 
feeling, to try and 
make them alive on 
stage is what we do," 
says Prattki . 

Mumme nschanz 
comes from the word 
" mumen" meaning 
game or play and 

"shanz" meaning chance. The mime/mask 
troupe was created by Andres Bo sard , 
Bernie Schurch. and Aoriana Frassetto. 
who are all from Switzerland, over 20 

years ago. S ince then Mummenshanz 
has celebrated a Broadway success and 
passed thei r masks through eight casts. 
The current cast is in its th ird year o f a 
world tour. The cast o f s ix include 
people from five diffe rent countries. 
They insist communication isn't diffi -
c ult between all the di ffe rent languages 
and have become a ve ry tightly knit 
family. 

At the Spreckles Theat re, MUlllmen-
schanz will pe rfo rm " The Bes t of 
Mummenschanz." vignettes frolll the 
two original programs that have be- , 
come classics o f the Mummenschanz 
oddne s. Prattki e xplai ns. " What is most 
important is that thi s is a show not j ust 
fo r adu lt~ or no t j ust for children but for 
both of th em . What we reall y Iry is to 
give everybody achanee to goone more 
time into the ir childhood." 

When : Wed. March 13,8 p.m. 
Where: Spreckles Theatre, 

downtown 
Tickets: Ticketmaster, 278-TIXS 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 

Complete 
Dail y Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$149 $199 
Complete Complete 

Prof .... OfUIIIerYIce - Q.llity Eyec:.re • Reaonable PrIce. 
(Off<r tip"''' 313 1m ) 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 11, 1991 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dennatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study invo lve daily 
applicati n of lotion to skin and 

m nthly vi its ~ revaluation . 
Volunteers paid $50,00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534·4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

Want to Speak at 
Third College Graduation? 

The search is on now for a 
Student Speaker, 
Could you be the one we're 
looking for? 

Deadline for submiSSion of written 
speech IS Apri l 9th For f'TIore InformaMn 
or to turn In a speech stop by tne 
Third College Dean S Office (534,4390) 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 18 
imponant games on the schedule. 

"Any time you beat a Division 
1Il team that' ranked in the top 10 
nationally, you're in good hape," 
he said. 

flanagan (1-2), who went the 
distance for the firs t time this year, 
consistently q uieted any major 
threats posed by Methodist. 

"( thought he pitched especiall y 
we ll in the ninth inning," Yates 
said. "Ryan didn ' t mes around. 
He came right at them and threw a 
lot of strikes. His control was great 
for the whole game." 

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program 
Now students can get the Card 
and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 
Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 
There'!> only one way 10 cover a 101 of territory \\'ilhoul pending 
a lot of moner And Ihat's by gelling the Ameri an Express Ca rd . 
lI ' Ihe only ca rd lhat offers an exciting new I ravel program 
exclu i\'e1~ ' for 'Iudems Including Ihree roundtrip cenificale ' on 
Continemal Airline '. 

JU 110 k at the map and pick Ihe place you'd like 
to vi it. If it's on your side of the Missi sippi Ri\'t'r. you 
can u e a certifica te to fly for only $129 roundtrip. Or. 
you can eros Ihe Mis~issippi for $1 9 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more than 150 cilie. in the 
flu 
~ 
" ~ "' _T 
- -

4 contigu u lale . And you can nyalmo I anYlime- becau e 
Ihere are no blackoUt dale . BUI you mu I make your re ervalions 
wilhin l"/ day oflhe dayyou leave. And the maximum lay i 
'7 day. 6 nighls and mu t include a alurday night. 

In addilion to thi greallrav I program, you'll also enjoy all 
Ihe benefils of Cardmcmbership as well as other exclUSive tudenl 
pri\'ilege . They include a quarterly magazine filled with informa, 
tive arti I , on sum m r j b ,career, campu life. Plu valuable 
discounts from leading relailer . 

BUI remember, Ihere's on Iy one way 10 get alllhis- and that's 
by gelling Ihe American Expre - Card.Ju I ca ll US (have your bank 

-~ 
• ~. U · 

ac\llre . and accoum number on hand). What's more, 
with our , pecial luden! offer, it' ea ier to gel Ihe 
Card now while you're till in choollhan il may 
ever be again. 

o gellhe Card. And geL reaclyto cover new 
lerritorr on eilher ide of our Greal Continental Divide. 

.l/emb('rshIP IIns II Pnllieges 

CALL 1-800-942-AMEX 
NI~f~~ (I \ 'U II 'y(' l lln'tlch a C·tlrt./"h! lIIhef, Iht'rl' \ ' 10 lin'" 10 l{l.ll '''forn/alwlI al}()lIll'rmr {(~ rtI}1Cll/('\ 1111/ btl arrll'lIIR, ttUOII • CONTINENTAL 

Compitlt l('fm'.and ,t.'C'IdlhOOj Ollhl untl C'r _lUlU"" _llh 'litH U'lltfk "' r>\ Clf1l1nrnn l AHhnM ,1.lClt 1\ rt'>r-.""~:~ I . ., f ulbllfN"~,. ,.f th., (let! ' fnflk.ln [~rrr1 ""u~ lII.' hJ~ III' Inr Cnnluk'nl.ll Alrllllt' ptrf0fm.ln« 

Monday, March 11,1991 

BITS 
Continued from page 24 
Princeton and North Carolina State. 

• Almo t-guaranteed-to-flop-
and-di appoint : Nonh Carolina, 
Syracuse, and Arizona. 

• Who-would' e-thought-at -
the -be gi nn i ng-0 f - th e-year -that -
they- would· be- (', 'ded-eight h: 
Georgetown. 

• Sacrificai Lamb: Montana. 
Joe' namesake play UNLV in 
the first round. Good night .. . 

• Biggest Question Mark: LSU. 
If Shaquille O'Neal plays, the Ti-
gers could go all the way. If he 
doesn't. they 10 e to Connecticut 
in the fi rst round. 

• Most outrageous statistic: 
Seven Big East teams made the 
tournament. And thi after In t 
year's outstanding perfonnance ... 

• Elsewhere, Jim Palmer is 
making a comeback. So is Goose 
Gos age. For that mauer, so are 
Matt Keough and Steve Howe. Just 
so long as Erik Eslrada doesn't 
make a comeback. "CHiPs II : 
Paunch and John Return" would 
be too much. 

• Why do people listen to Jack 
Clark? He alienated San Francisco. 
He ticked off St. Louis . He pissed 
off New York. And now he' s cru-
cifyi ng San Diego, specifically 
Tony G wynn. Clark has the cred-
ibility of Spiro Agnew and the 
mind of Ronald Reagan. The man 
who. one year ago, said that he was 
ecstatic to get out of the American 
League, is now playing in Boslon. 
They don 't get more American than 
Beantown. Remember the 13 
colonies? Why? Why? Why ask 
why? Sorry. 

o The Houston Astros? Yikes. 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 24 

Inaba, behind what he called 
"smart play," blistered Patty Yoo 
6-0, 6-1. Nicho las , meanwhile, 
dispatched Christie Cannon 6-2, 6-
4 behind a barrage of steady ground 
strokes. 

Friday afternoon also witnessed 
the ret urn of freshman Nancine 
Hayden to the Tritons' rotation. 

Recovering from both a back 
injury and an ulcer, Hayden, pLay-
ing in the number six spot, relied 
on a dominating serve to knock off 
Michele Vell i 6-3, 6-3. 

The only loss of the afternoon 
forUCSD came in the numberthree 
singles spot, where Monica Davis 
blasted Janet Whalen 6-1, 6-2. 

After the m.1lch, LaPlante noted 
that Davis appeared to be the 4gers 
best player. despite playing in the 
number three spot. 

''I'm not sure w ho my number 
one player is so I rotate my top 
three players every match," said 
Long Beach State Head Coach 
Michelle Archuleta. 

UCSD quickly di smissed the 
4gers in doubles as well. Inaba and 
Whalen whipped YooandJennifer 
Saulsbury 6-1, 6-3 at number one 
doubles. 

At number two doubles, 
Amanda Lynch a nd Hayde n 
dumped Davis and Velli 6-0, 6-2, 

Cathe rine Yim and Nicole 
House had the most difficult time 
of the Tritons ' doubles teams. go-
ing to three sets to beat Cannon and 
Kathy Loyd 6-7, 6-3, 6-0 al num-
ber three doubles. 

U( think overall we played very 
well, and while this is not really 
significant for the playoffs. l think 
we really needed this wi n," 
LaPlante said. 

T he UCSD G uard ian 

Get involved with the 

Election packets are available at the 
Revelle Dean's Office 

Dead line to fi le is April 1, 1991 
Revelle College Council , RCC, is composed of six (6 ) 
elected members, Freshman Representative, A.S. 
Senators, Dean and Assistant Dean of Revelle College. 
T he Council is the governing body of Revelle College. 
RCC Members (six elected members) serve a full term 
beginning in fall quarter and ending at the end of the 
spring quarter. 

Get involved with college government. 
Run for RCC. 

up to 

SPORTS 15 

Robert's Auto 

I VISA' ' . :, ", .. 

German, Swedish 
Japanese Service 
• All Work Fully GUAranteed 
• Factory-Trained Specialists 

(619)275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 p m 
Saturday. 8 am-6 pm 

• 

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs * with th is coupon 

OE1CCf!pt maior and tranamiuion overhaul. Not valid with any oth., coupon. 

Visit your ArtCarved representative during this special event. Check 
out our awesome collection of styles. 
ArlCarved will customize a college 
ring just for you with thousands of 
options to choose from. Don't delay-
see your ArtCarved representative 
before this promotion ends! 

Price Center Plaza 
March12-14 
10 AM - 3 PM 

$30 Deposit Required 

IIRT IIRVED 
COlLEGE JEWELRY 

LJCSD 
I J()(JI<!;' or~( ' ~ :UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~~~~""ii7~. ~ ~~~GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 4248 
• OPEN: MaN - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

P.I~lItf·fI,l'I;m A\~II:tI'le •• E~ 



16 SPORTS 

TRACK 
Continued from page 24 
meters in 12.04 seconds and then 
blasted through the 200 meters in 
25.24, almost twO seconds in front 
of teammate and second-place fin-
i, her Michelle Milledge. 

Wa hington and Milledge also 
teamed up as part of the 4x 100 
relay team which tore up the track 
in a national-meet qualifying time 
of 48.49 seconds. 

Washington, who has already 
qualified for the NCAA champi-

onships, remain cautious about 
looking too far ahead. 

"I just want to make nationals 
and do well in them. Otherwise, I 
just want to run my be t and take 
one meet at a time," she aid. 

Another force for the women 
was Shannon Quigley, a double 
winner in the shot put and the 
discus. 

The discus belonged to the 
Triton as they claimed the top 
three places. 

Quigley's toss of 163'2" was 
good enough for first a well as a 

The UCSD Guardian 

new school record. 
Other first-place finisher in-

cluded Denise McFayden, Diane 
Fritz, Vicki Dunckley, Bobbie 
Octavo, and Su an Chri ty. 

On the men' s side, SCOII 
Sargeant led the way as a triple 
winner in the hammer, hot put, 
and discus. 

"I'm really happy with my 
throws today, but it's still early in 
the season so I'm still looking at 
them with a lot of improvement in 
mind." Sargeant said. 

Also for VCSD. Mark Yuen 
won the 1500 with a time of 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -. 4:01.22. 

C ~ C ~~ Gus Hsu finished third in the a [] n I I ~o+ ~~ ::n~~~O~~~itt~,!~~:~~~1. r-' ~ Cisnero inatimeofl1.42second . 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 24 

Despite the disastrou tan, the 
Tritons did manage to mount 
omething of a comeback. lowly 

ch ipping away at the Cardinal lead 
and narrowing the margin to I I at 
the half. 

The Tritons sliced the lead to 
eight early in the second half, but 
then the roof caved in on their 
season. A string of fouls. includ-
ing a technical on McNeill , and 
missed opportunities allowed 
Otterbein to extend it lead to as 
much as 16 before settling into the 
13-point win. 

Monday, March 11, 1991 

excellent po t defen e.'· 
Marshall said that de pite the 

early blow, the Triton managed 
to execute their game plan. 

"We tore them apart inside," he 
aid. "We wanted to make urethat 

when we got the ball, we were 
pounding it inside." 

Despi te an abundance of in ide 
sho ts. the Triton shot just 45 
percent from the field. Otterbein, 
the nation's leader in field-goal 
percentage. shot 56 percent from 
the floor. 

While UCSD pulled down 32 
rebounds on the night, Marshall 
admitted that the Tritons did have 

SELF SERVICE COPIER:> • In every field event, with the 
• exception of the long and triple 

Tim Rapp, de pite being listed 
a questionable before the game. 
led VCSD with 37 point and six 
rebound and wa named to the 
All -Tournament team. 

orne problems grabbing long re-
bounds, which gave Otterbein 
second and third hot opportuni-
ties. The Tritons' problems ex-
tended to the free throw line, where 
they hot a mere 58 percent. 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 
321 1 Holiday Ct. (nex, 10 Domino 's Pt=a) • 452-9949 

• jumps, the men won or placed 
second. 

I "I was real pleased today," Head 
I oach Mark Stanforth said. "Our 
I 
I 
I 

"He did a super job," Marshall 
said. "He worked his tail off all 
week to get ready for th is game." 

Rick Ball added 21 point and 
five rebounds. and Chris Moore 
came off the bench with 10 points 
and ix rebounds. 

"If we make tho e free throws, 
[we're] right back in the game," 
Mar hall aid. 

Still, he had nothing but prai e 
for the way his team performed. 

M·F 8:30-6 p.m. e. 4/ 11/ 91 

problem now i that we have a few 
people hu.1 . If we could get those 
people healthy. and keep the bal-
ance we had today. we'lI be com-
petlllve in thi league." 

"We got great play inside from 
Rick," Marshall said. "He played 

"They showed incredible poise 
and character," Mar hall said. "It 
was just not our night. It wa 
[Otterbein·s]." Sat. 14 p.m. With UCSO 10 

I 

Diet 
Center" 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Free Consultation. 
459·5979 
7467 CUVIER 

(off Pear\) 
Dady Diet Tip .:all 
1-(900)·990-TIJ1N 
'})( J)'I min SIlO fir.! "lin 

YOUR ILLNESS 
COULD BE 

PROFITABLE $$$ 
If you have a major illness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn SSS. 

· Measles 
• Mononucleosis $50 

and 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 
• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 

up ... 
• Lyme Disease 
• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized 10 the Rh Factor 

for \8Ort iDlOI'IIIIlea, pIeue aJIItId 

MD LABORATORIES 
226-1733 

• UNIVERSITY COUNCIL - AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS 
Repre enting Faculty, Librarians, and Academic Researchers of the University of California 

UC/AFf LOCAL 2034 PO BOX 12005 LA JOLLA , CA 92039 

Ikrk¢ley 
Local 1474 
Btrkrley 
Llbnnan" 
Local 1795 
Dav. 
L()(a l 202.1 
Irvine 
Local 2226 
Los Angelt 
Lo<al 1900 
R,,,crs.dc 
Lowl 1966 
an D.ego 

LOl al20J4 
Santa Bamara 
Local _141 
Santa Cruz 
LoeDlll9Q 

March 5,1991 

OPEN LETTER 0 ACADEMlC FREEDOM ATUCSD 
TO: Marj ric C. Caserio 

Vice Chan e llor-Academic Affairs 

On January 28, a memo fTOm your office and signed by Academic Chair Douglas 
mith regarding cia cancellation and c1as room discussions in rc ponse to the Middle 

East War was ent to department chair, ORU directors, and program coordinators. The 
memo contained the following statement: 

"The circum tances of war in the Middle Ea t, while deeply di turbing , do not give 
individual faculty or teaching as istants authority to cancel c1as e or to chan~e the 
subject matter of courses at will. That authority rests with the Chancellor." 

It has been brought to the Union's attention that many of our members fllld this 
statemenl to be implicitly coercive and an attack on academic freedom. The Union also 
believes it to be a mj si nterpretation of the APM and PPM sections cited to substantiate your 
policy tatement. 

APM 015 Professional Rights of Faculty 
1. free inquiry, and exchange of ideas; 
2. the right to present controversial material relevant to a course of instruction; 
3. enjoyment of constitutionally protected freedom of expression ; 

PPM 100·' Responsibilities of Faculty Members 
The instructor in a course is responsible: 
I . For conducting the course in confonnity with the fonnat and content of the 
course description as approved by the Senate but with freedom within appropriate 
limits to elect and pre!:ent the material in the way he deems best. 

We encourage educators at UCSD to make the subject of the Middle East War and 
its ongoing repercussions relevant to curricula. To preclude the possibility of allowing 
students to discuss the relationship between subjects they study and the world they live in 
goes against the very nature of the educational enterprise. We would be remiss in our 
duties as educators if we allowed this to happen, and the integrity of the institution as a 
whole would be negatively affected. 

The current environment of uncritical suppon for the war is dependent on the U.S. 
government and media limiting the public's access to information. An attempt by the 
University administration to e)(tend the informational vacuum to our academic cOllUllunity 
further limits students' views of the crisis. In keeping with the principles of higher 
education, it is now crucial to provide students the opportunity to discuss the Gulf War and 
its aftennath openly so that they may achieve a broader understanding. 

We also encourage the UCSD Academic Senate to follow the lead of other UC 
Academic Senates by passing a resolution to suppon the discussion of the war in 
classrooms by making the war relevant to ongoing curricula. 

·UCIAff Local 2034 Education Committee· 
Jaime Concha., Literature 
Peter Irons, Political Science 
Rosaura Sanchez, Literature 
Deborah Small, Literature 

Ruth Heifetz, Medicine 
Richard Madsen, Sociology 
Herbert Schiller, Corrununications, Emeritus 
Wayne Vernon, Physics 

·The people listed above speak for the UC/AFr Loca1 2034 Education Committee, for 
Local 2034, and for many of our colleagues, and not for U.C. nor our departments nor 
other UCSD commiaees. 

Monday, March 11, 1991 The: U CSD Guardian 

SPORTS NOTES 

Volleyball Downs Anteaters in Three 
The UCSD men's volleyball 

team came of age Saturday night 
by up euing UC Irvine in traight 
games 17-15. 15-10. IS-II. 

"All the piece came together," 
Head Coach "Digger" Graybill 
aid. 

"Every game we were behind, 
but we persevered," he added. re-
ferring to the numerous deficit 
UC D had to overcome. 

VCI. coming off it own up et 
of CSU Northridge, appeared to 
take UCSD lightly. 

Lamson Lam and Gerry 
Goldstein led the Tritons in kills, 
with 17 and 16 re pectively, but 
Graybill aved hi most lavish at-
tack for the Triton ' game in the 
middle. 

"Our middle attack was .ju t 
about un toppable,"Graybill ~aid. 
citing fre hman Bruce Williams' 
phenomenal hitting percentage. 
Graybill also noted the play of 
Brent Couture and Lawrence 
Werner. 

kill on the night. 
The vi tory over Irvine. along 

with Friday night's 15-8,15-3,17-
15 win over La Verne. ecured 
UCSD (7-8 overall, 6-2 in confer-
ence) a pot in the nation' top 20. 

- Joel Kurzman 

MEN'S LACROSSE 
TheUCSDmen'sla ro seteam 

i reeling after losing its la t two 
conference games. both on the 
road. After falling to Arizona two 
weeks ago, the Trilons (5-5. 2-2 in 
conference) were treun ed by 
Whittier on Wedne day 2 - 10. 

Whittier's Brian Pollnd.led the 
Poets with eight goals in the lop-
sided win. Sven Haynie and Jake 
Azeved paced the Trit n with 
three goal apiece. 

"No comment." ~aid everal 
team members who wished to re-
main anonymous. One added that 
the Tritons were looking forward 
to finding themselves over the 
spring break. 

- Doug Shadd Ie 

feat the Stags 11-9 Saturday af-
ternoon. 

Janny hayevet led the Trit ns 
with four goal. while Deckla 
Marshall added three goals and 
one assist. 

Gret hen Rubel and haron 
Leibowitzea hscoredtwice. Rubel 
al 0 contributed an assist. 

" I think it wa~ a well matched 
game." Marshall said . "We should 
have played a little better than we 
did." 

UCSD upped it record to 5- 1. 

MEN'S CREW 
The U D men's c rew won 

two of three races at C' Irvine. 
losing only the junior var,ity race 
on Saturday. 

The vUNit eight ddc at.:d the 
Anteater. in a tim t.: of 6;09. tit r(:t.: 
seconds aheau of Cl. 

Then vicecightruccut afi n. l-
place finish on the _,000 mt.: ter 
course with a time of 6:_2. The 

nteatcrs fini hed in a time 1'6:30. 

SPORTS 17 

The key in the crucial thirdgame 
was the setting of John Lee. The 
beneficiary of ome good passing, 
Lee was able to create numerous 
scoring opportunitie . UCSD had 
four players in double figures in 

WOMEN'S LACROSSE 
The UCSD women' lacro se 

team traveled to Claremont to de-

The Tritons' junior varsity boat 
lost by just one econd, finishing 
in a time of 6:21. 

The race marked the fir t time 
that UCSD has ever beaten UC 
Irvine. 

UCsD NIGHT 
FREE ELECTROLYSIS 

(Fn!l! conSIII/OIlo,. alld i l lilil/I/n!alllwlI/ 1 5 111111 $20 mIlle!. 1:lrs/ ·IiIlle! dll'II/~ 011 /" , / ' 

112 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Eyebrows 

Upper Up 

CIIn 

Unde<arms 
BteasJ 

Siomach 
B<kini Une 

FlIlgelS 

Legs 

Toes 

Permanent Hatr Removal 
• Ameri :1n j\kd.~n l A~soClali()n 

anprm.:d iIll'lho(b for pmblr.:111 
casc~ and M!n~ilive ~kin 

• Medical and CO,I11CII(' CIr.:,11OIysis 
for mcn and WOlllcn 

• h:nlJk slalT, ~tale lie technKian~ 

558-0888 
Alexander's ElectrolYSiS 
LajoUa Village Professiorwl Cente,. Bebil/d Ell!pb{lIIf BCII' 
8950 Villa Lajol/a Dr. te. 212/ 

' Expires 4/11/91 

REMEMBER: 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Img t/'Os ad. Offer expifes~ll1l1. 

Mon.·Fri.8·5 
Sat. 9·2 549·8233 

IS BACK! 
We've gol 

Roommales 
Tickets 

Cars 

Bik(S 
DaIs 

Rentah 
Slerros 
urfboards 

Auto Repair 
ales 

Jobs 
Typing 

Babysitting 
Computers 
love Notes 

and mort In 
the GUll rdill. 

TUISDAY N'G~HT 
UVE ENTERTAIN,.... 

PAUL HAyWARD 
S·1\ :30 

-lunch 
_ Dinner t 
- Oyster Bar '...." 1 
e21/wstudentlD . ~h 

.... 

~,1S 
",t'1S 

NIGHTS 
ImurAiNMIN1' 
PtAYERS GUILD 

7·10 

c~lfitds. what 
do you nmI? Sun.·Thurs. 11 am-12 pm • Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

&M 
AUTOMOTIVE ucso • 

8680 
• Mir.lln! 

This Thursday, Mar. 14, Is the 
last Guardian issue of Winter 
Quarterl Get those classified Written guarantee quality parts. 

Only 7 miles from UCSDI Take Miramar Rd. leI! on Camino RUiz. then lell on LJ VPlage Or. MiramarRcI. 
Mlralanl Drive, up hill to 8680 Miralan i Dr. SUite #101 In back. 

ads In todayl 
L ___________________________________________ ~ 



18 SPORTS 

BASEBALL 
Continued 'rom page 24 
omcthing going offen ively for 

him." Yates aid . 
U SD, which had eight hits, 

had trouble with the two 
Elizabethlown pit hers. The Tri-
tons did pose a minor Ihreat in the 
first inning. when Erikk Aldridge 
and Louie Diaz both got on base 
and advanced on a wild pilch. BUI, 
with no out and runners in scoring 
position, the offen e stranded 
Aldridge and Diaz. 

The Tritons struck ou t II times 
on the day. while walking nly 
twice. 

Short tOP Doran Yount re-
mained hot, go ing 2 for 3 and lal -
lying the nly Trilon RBI, a run-
~cori n g sacri Ii e fly . 

In Ihe ~ccond game of Ihe 
tourney . the Tritons crucified 
Juniata pitching a~ they, banged 
OUI 15 runs n 15 hits en r ute to a 

15-4 win. Defensively, however. 
UCSD had five errors on the day. 

Rich Tomolonis (I-I) tarted, 
lriking OUI eighl. walking four. 

and surrendering only four hits in 
his fir t complete game of the year. 

Aldridge look it upon him elf 
to get things going for UCSD early, 
as he enl the first pitch of the 
game overthe right-field fence for 
his first home run of Ihe eason. 

Of Ihe four games that UCSD 
played thi s weekend, Friday' 
game againsl La Verne was by far 
Ihe mosl impomml. BUI Ihe Leop-
ards prevailed -7 in I 0 inning~. 

Behind the pitching of junior 
Bryan Thomason and (I five -run 
sixlh inning, U D overcame an 
early 4-1 deficit. to ~urge in fr nt 
6-4. BUI Ihe ninth inning marked 
one oflhe mo~t frustraung innings 
in Yates' 10-yeartenureat SD. 

Wilh the ~corc 7-6 in favor of 
UCSD, Ihl.! Leopard, had runner:. 
at first and Ihlrd with two outS in 

Includes: Shampoo and Qual ity haircut. 
Blow dry and sty1ing $4 extra . 

/ 

/ 

Full service prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To IIlsure faster serVice, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

HAia 
G~?FliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

MEN-WOMEN 

The UCSD Guardian 

thebonom ofthe nimh inning. Yate . 
who had thoughts of bringing in 
fre hman Kurt Luhrsen to reliev'e 
Thomason. decided to leave the 
game in the hand of the more ex-
perienced Thoma n. 

"Kurt was ready to go," Yate ' 
said. " Westuyed with Bryan,though, 
becau e he had more experience, 
and he wanted the ball." 

Some heavily disputed balls-and-
trike call on consecutive baner . 

however, ub equently loaded the 
base and then brought in the tyi llg 
run . 

Yates, who was ejected for argu-
109 the econd walk, was not plea ed 
with Ihe umpire's call . 

"It wa absolutely ridi ulous," 
he said. 

Yate~ wa e pecially displea ed 
with the second walk after 
Thoma on had gone ahead 1-2, and 
then I t the batter on three straight 
ball,. 

" I went nuts," Yate aid. 

"[Catcher Anthony J Sanchez 
didn't move his glove. He just 
dropped his head in di belief and 
queslioned the umpire. ( came 
roaring out of the dugout and he 
' thumbed ' me. We felt so help-
le 's - they weren't going to 
wing, and the ump wasn't call-

ing any trike ." 
Luhrsen relieved Thoma on 

and got the final out of the inning 
with the help of cemerfielder Ernie 
l ola' diving catch. 

In the bottom of the tenth, 
however. Luhr en (0- 1) urren-
dered a game-winning double. 

aturday, with Yate idelined 
due to a one-game su pen ion, 
sophomore Ryan Flanagan ig-
nored all di traction oflhe night 
before and hurled the Tritons to a 
5-3 win over Melhodi I. 

Yates considered this home 
game, not part of the La Verne 
tournament. to be one of the more 

See BASEBALL, Page 14 

Monday, March 11, 1991 

SOFTBALL 
Continued 'rom page 24 
us the game." 

Sophomore Kim SlUtZman took 
lhe los. 

Friday wa only lightly berter. 
The Triton again came out flat in 
the opener. but thi lime they e -
caped with a 1-0 win. 

UCSD managed 10 make the 
meager lead hold up despite miss-
ing three starter at the beginning 
of the game. The econd game, 
however, wa a different tory. 

" We came out hining." Jarrell 
aid , noting that Azu a had 

switched 10 a much lower pitcher. 
UCSD picked up nine hits in 

the se ond game. First baseman 
Pam Hamack led UCSD with two 
hil and one RBI. 

Dianna Moreno picked up win 
in both end of the doubleheader, 
gelling relief help from Stutzman 
and Kathy Fogg. 

MONTEREY 
INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 

SUMMER 
INTENSIVE 

LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 

JUNE 26 - AUG ST 21,199 1 
Ar.lhll., I-rmlh, (;rrman, lralian, Korean, P()rrugue~c, and pani~h 

JU E 19 - A GUT21,1991 
Chine~e, j<lpanesc and RlI""ia n 

M NTEREY IN T ITUTE OF INTERNAT IONAL STUDIES 
42) Van HlIrcn Street, Monterey, a lifornia 93940 

(40 )647 -4 11 5 

SPECIAL 
TWO--FOR--ONE OFFER 

to UCSD Faculty, Staff and Students! 
pon ored in part by UC 0 Third College 

IN 
THE "LAST 
SUPPER AT 

UNCLE TOM'S 
CABIN" 

pr ••• nt •• It, 

2 t>erj"rmances only! 
MARCH tea ao 

•• 7 pm FmhfromiuworlJprtmlnearwBroolclyn 
__ CIl.U TMUTUl Acadtm, of MUSIC, a danet work about 

'2' .ROADWAY sU1OJtry, fall}, and w ,uarh of hbtTalam . 
Tlckels: $45, $35. $25 , 

"Say, pownful and at tim.!. txfTmwIy 
17.50. $10 fIOiInaru IMAur" 

1M Now Yori< Tw. 

F....w ... ,.....,dwAT&T fovndonon, C<)o{s... 
0..,,0. c.Io-""",,Anlc...naI. N""'" E"'*-'uf<> Ilv 
A.u TlttW • ..,..'Houl .. dwof(o< ....... lofdwSOFPA 

Monday, March 11,1991 The UCSD Guardian L9 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 1~!WJf' I TOYOTA] Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
NNIFER HAS AN JBGLY SECRET. · · 

I Spar!< plugs Our tune up lIlduoes a 101 more than Olhers II IfIdudes 
2 OIsinbutOl porlls 6 Clean & repleniSh aft "uld & 011 levels 10 Chedl undercarnage lor damages 
3 Condensers 7 Check bra!\es 11 Check cooung SySiOffi & hoses 
4 AdJUSllomng 8 Check ClUlch 12 Road lesl 
5. AdJUSI dwell angle 9 Check Irgtlts 

, 2!~oint ~~i.~!.!e!!!~~~eCial ,,!~~· 
2. Vatie adjuSimer.: 11 AdjusllimlOg 21 Che & replenish al 28 Check and recharge 

Replace' 12 Adjusl <lweI angle lluod lW1d od levels banery. If necessary 
3 Volve cover gasket 13 AdjUSI caiburelor 22 Ched< eielncal syslem 29 ROJale IIres (If needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14 Ad(uSi sleenng box 23 Cheddor loose or IOSI 30 Check bre pressure 
5. OIStnbutOl pornts 15 Adtus ail & fuel rairo m" bolts 31 Lube dO()( hrnges 
6. Condensers. 16. AdjuSi dutch 24 Check brakes 32, Chad< all holders 
7. Air Mer. 17. AdjuSi brakes 25 Check clulch 33 Check ccoo.ng syslem & 
8 Oolfiher. 18 Adjust emergency brakes 26 Check ighlS hoses 
9. Gas liI1er. and t9 Chad< & adlUSI exposed 27. Check undercarrrage iof 34 Ched< exllausl sySiem 
10. Engine 011 bellS damages 35 Road lesl 

20 Lube Iront end 

-F0I6~aC;;pi;t; DCI~tW~8h~j;b $169 * 
Werepace ' 

1. TransmtSsron rnput shah seal (e,cep: 4. Throwout bearrng Nole Hydrauirc parts are nOI covered. 
Hondas 5 P,iol beMlngS Not lor 4WO Front wheel dove eXlra 

2. Pressure plale 6 New transmiSSIOn 0lI • 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road teSI 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Fron! or lear. Brahe JOb lflciudcs 

1. !nstaU special new pads or Install rear brake shoes 5 Bleed enl"e tx ake sYSlem 
2. Drain old brake "uld 6 Adlusllront (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. ins;lect complete hydraulIC syslem 7 Replace Iront roior seals (II roior lurn) 
4. Rel~ hydraulIC ltuld 8. Road test 
Noeo. Hydrau!lc pans .re not _ 

B,.... ... w part •• Ask about our specl.1 me. for encine overlNlul •• 
All our work 11M • 2-y .... or 20,00CHnI1e limited Wlln'anty. 

All prices Include pM. end I.bor. 

o¥~e~~s rmostcars) ~ ...... BOOB Miramar Rd. 69~1990 
AuIDmotIve Repairs OHer good thru 3116191 with this ad. \-aJt for apPolnlment. 
•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

Now you can afford to dr~am in color. 
If you thought that finding a col r 
Madntosh'" system you could afford 

was jusr a dream, then the new, affordable Macinto h LC is a dream 
come true. 

The Macintosh LC i rich in color. Unlike many c mputer that can di play 
only 16 colors at once, the Macinto h LC expands your palette to 256 colo . 
It also come with a m1crophone and new ound·input technology that lets 
you per onalize your work by adding voice or other ounds. 

Uke every Macintosh computer, the LC i easy to et up and easy to 
master. And it run thousands of available applicatiOns that all work in the 
arne, con i tent way- 0 once you've learned one program, you're weU 

on your way to learning them all. The Macintosh LC even let you share infor· 
mation with omeone who uses a different type of computer- thanks to 
the versatile Apple- SuperDrive~ which can read from and write to Macimo h, 
MS-DO ,0S/ 2, and Apple II floppy disks. 

Take a look at the Macintosh LC and ee what it give you. Then pinch 
yourself, It's better than a drearn- it' a Macinto h. 

"'·1J'1UCSD BOOKSTORE 
=~;; .. ;;:;'F~~~-~ COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
_ . - OPEN: 1IoION· FRI BAM·. PM AND SAT 10AM· 4 PM 

a upon ~ tU I\1. IOrm 
t) !ump5t~ 

OLllf)'y , 4y j-Ll81 
Q _ t ~-J ' 2YC1_1 OJ -+ s1 

," 

a -Yfl,OI-sY{O,Ol t- .52~ 

• The power to be your be t~ c: 1990 "PtlIfComputef' InC AooIe 1M~~, tnClMaClnfOSh.,.'t9I ...... td t'~" ... ,otAoPlf CompuI" Inc Soc*OrNit.no ''Tt\e povwrtflODfl,cutbeSI .re"aoemllfIlSot A,l)OItComOUlet Inc MS-DOS tt. '1g'"M.ct If~11o. 01 MtcrolOft Cofpot.,JOn OS/2 I, . regJstete<l Iftden'ltrk of IntefnatlOnal au..n.s. '-4.ctllnesCOf'pottltOn 



20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESSAT UCSDIJewi5h 
~ CentersprOllides warm1l1, education, 
prayer, socializing, Connect with Union of 
Jewish Studentsl S02 Manhews; east of Ihe 
Price Center, Call Rabbt Slotnick, 534-252t , 
(I n -3115) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
"You can no more win a war than you can wIn 
an earthquake: Jeannene Rankin (1880-
1973) (1/17-3114) 

Boost yourresumel Pickup an application for 
the Golden Key National HOIIor SocIety at 
USB 4000, Applications due March 20th, 
JunIOrs and seniors with minImum 3,4 GPA 
are eligibfe. (1128-3114) 
Wednesday nights are UCSD Noght at the La 
Jolla Brewery. Get pintS of the best tasting 
beer in San Diegoloronly51 ,75, Check II out. 
andte. 'em the Guardian sent you. (314·3114) 

Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faCUlty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m . Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD G uardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla . CA 92093-0316 . Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

Eat chNp at Sllvoy Chi .... ""..,,.,,1 
- Dally specials on complete lunch for $3.95 
ordlnner for55.95. Extra 10% oil total billWlth 
Guardlan display ad Feb. 28. Take a study 
bo-eak and Indulge at Savoy - 4690 Convoy 
St, 495-9139. (314-31t4) 
Wednesdays are UCSD night at W Brewery. 
From 8:30 till closing you can get $1.75 pints 
01 the best beer In San Diego_ One taste and 
you'lI corne back for more. And don't forge~ 
tell 'em the Guardian sent you.(2121 -3114) 
MODERN ZOO at Revelle Plaza. noon to 
1:00 p.m. Freel Last day of classes, March 
15th.(317-3114} 
INX5-INX5-INX5- Very Good Seals lor 
April 8111. Don~ miss oull Cell Eddy 458-9845 
(317·31t4) 
RUN FOR OFFICEII Ambitious? 00 youwant 
changes made at UCSD? This Is your chance 
10 get involved. 00 it. Call Anna at 534-44SO 
or see the ad in this Issue. (3111) 
Hey Music Loversl UCSD'sACOUSTIC ALIBI 
has an alt new, all orlglnat tape out in 
Assorted Vinyl. Check It outll (311 1·311 4) 
1991 -92 tn ternaltOnal House ReSIdent 
Advisor Applicationsdue4 p.m. Apn15. Posted 
at Career Services (311t ·311 4) 
Get invOlved at Revelle. Run lor REVELLE 
COLLEGE COUNCIL EIec1lOn packets are 
available at the Revelle Dean's Office. 
Deadline to hie is Apnt tsl. (3111 ·3114) 

AUDITION lor an excIting undergraduale 
produclionw~lbe held MarCh t 4. Enthuslastl<: 
actors, lecI\ and stage construction people 
needed. Call Ivan, 558-8992, for Inlolleave 
nwssage. We want you l (311.) 
DANIEL SHEEHAN, ChlOl Counsel 01 the 
Christie Institute. "National Security and the 
Hidden Agenda In the Persian GuK'" Plus 
current updated 01 the La Penca Idwsuk. 
Monday, March 18th, 7;30 p .m. Marston 
Middle School. 3799 Cla/remont Dr. at Ute 
SI. (1 block sooth of Baboa). Donation $5, $3 
students. 272·5974. (3111 ·3/14) 

BA TILE OF THE BANDS Is comingl PICk up 
applications al the Revelle Provost OtfIC8. 
SOON I (3111) 

SERVICES 
Olga Ba~ EtectrOiogist: 1200 to 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
Discounts. 558 .... 6441226-1962. (1117-3114) 

PASSPORT PtCTURESIl New at Cat Copy. 
Only $5.95. WMe you wall. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germalns. 452·9949. (1122·61 
6) 

TAX PREPARATION. Very accurate and 
reliable. Ctose to campus and student 
discounts. Call MIKE: 558·7853 (2/7-311 t) 
Math tutorIng. Competent, caring help lor 
those overwhelmed. Oon't be distressed. 
Student rates, call , 483-7816. (2119-3111) 

MAJOR IN PIZIA, 
MINOR IN 

ECONOMICS. 

De.I .. '. Phu®apec'eI IMWea ..,., tina ,M • ,... 
............... 1 .. .. 
plDa. , .. '11 lin ..... .... 
.. '.offer .......... I .. 
of c ..... Del'"'" hi 30 
...... ., leu ....... 1IhetI. 
c.l1 DOMINO'S PIDA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

r------------------, $999 r~~' 
TWO MEDIUM 

TWO TOPPING PIZZAS 
Two MEDIUM Domino's ORIGINAL cheese pizzas, EACH 
with 2 toppings of your choice for ONt Y $9.99, plus tax. 
Offer good on Delivery or Carryou!. III 
JUST ASK! " 
Not good With any Olher offer or discount Prices may vary. • EII"_ 4128181. " . 

L __________________ ~ 

UIMed deiW'Y IrN to Insure safe dll\'lllg Our dn",,, carry Ie .. than 520.00. 

IIoMIUI1o Auto __ , . Subaru & Hondas. 
By appointment. Best rates In North County. 
ProlessionaJ 15 years. 758-2332. (2121-41 
II) 
UPHOlST£RY BY GALE. Boats, Fumhure, 
CushIons. PillowS. Reasonable rates. 
Oceanside 758-2332.(2121-411 1} 

GET YOUR MOTOR RUNNtNGI Low cost 
tune ups- 4 cyl . $29.99, 6 cyt. 539.99, 
Includes spark plugs. timing adj .. carburetor 
adj. Smog Check only $19.99. CaD AUTO 
CARE. 558-2436.(2121-3114) 
GREAT DEALS tN EYECAREI Daily son 
contacts $69. eX1ended wear lenses $89, 
setected glasses $39 - inctudes el<8m, care 
kil . and loIlow upt See Guardian ad lor Dr. 
John McOonaid - lOcations In Cialremont 
279·5858 and Kensington 283-5858. (2125-
3114) 
Typing/word processing. Term papers. 
theses, resumes. Near school, reasonable 
prices. 453-05921291 ·9008. (2125-3114) 
Word Processing- Student papers & 
resumes. Rush okay. Experienced. Student 
pricing. Call InputJOutput at 587-0080. (2128-
4/11 ) 

Word processing! Typing! Editing from my 
home. Quick, accurate. discreet. Repons, 
ms .. thesis. corres .. resumes, scientific and 
technical. Dalsywheet printer, disk storage. 
Per page or hourly rate. 563-0087. (2125·31 
14) 
AUTO REPAtR YOU CAN AFFORD with 1I1e 
Guardian ad lor Suapenllon Plual FREE 
inspections and alignment checks and low 
oost specials on brakes, oit changes, and 
more. Close to campus on Miramar Rd. 558-
8562. (2128·3111) 
Papers typedl Ouick and aHOfdabIe. From 
$2/pg . Call LJ Colony Resumes & 
Prolesslonal Typing . 455·8357. Laser 
printingl 60 typestyles to choose troml One 
day service avaiJabte.(2I28-3114) 
English Instructor witt help edit papers or 
dissertations at a reasonable price. CaJI942· 
4454. (314-3111) 

Professional Word Processing by SCRIBES. 
Papers, d~tions, manu~ts, research. 
Lowest rates - PiclwplOelivery 226-8595. 
(314-4115) 
TypingIWo,d processing - Fast, accurate. 
Pick up and delivery. Calt Sandy, 755-4316. 
(3/4·3114) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDtTtNG. $2IPage. 
tree pickup & delivery. 7 DaySIWeek. Irma 
453-6282. (317·3114) 
Need person to transport 2 chIldren from my 
clairemont home to U. City mornings 817:30. 
Tel. 273·3431. (3111) 

kilk"e 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup [Xchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

MACINTOSH REPAtR: Problems with your 
lavorile machine? Send US your slc:k, your 
weary. your Old Maca. Video, power supply, 
floppy drive repair, metnOI)' upgrades. 10 
years experience in computers. Friendly, 
guaranteed service. Free pick.up in S.DILa 
Jolla. Call the Macintosh specialists: ERIC-
TAONICS, 581 -2339. (317·3114) 

Word Processing: Term Papers, Resumes, 
Dlssel18tions, RUSH JOBS. (20 years) 453-
0656 (leave Message, promptly answered) 
(317·3/14) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAl: EItj)8IIenoed. 
Word Processing. Wrlte/edll: reports, 

manu~. resumes, disw1aIions , /eIlers. 
Soltware Training: Word Perfect, dBase, 
Lotus. PresantationGraphics. Modem. Laser 
Printer. Weekend Appointments. 1521 
Summft Ave .. Cardiff. FAX: 833·1624. 753-
5964. (3111-3114) 

TYPtNGII I'll type your term papers. etc. 
quickty and Inexpensively. Laser printer. Call 
Jann"er 546·1858. (3111 ·3114) 
FREE one~ pass. STANLEY H. KAPLAN 
review courses. Calt Steph, 558-1592 FREEl 
(3111) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
Processing, Reports , Speeches , 
Dissenations. Manuscripts, Presentations. 

E~perienced. Laser. Studenl Ratesl 753-
5964. (3111) 

WANTED 
NMdCaIh? WedMt_1 Domlno's PIzza Is 
now hiring for all positions. Managemenl 
opportunities avaiJabte. Complete training 
program. If you are 18 years old, have a valid 
drI ... ers license, auto Insurance, an excehnt 
driving record. and access 10 a car, you can: 
Earn up to $101 hr. (tol8l comp.) Enjoy the 
Ireedom 01 being on the road, worII flexible 
hours. APPLY TODAYI Domino 's Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Holiday CI. 452·UCSD. PIeaH 
apply alter 3 p.m. (1 II 0-618) 
Summer managemenllnternshlp interviews 
now taking place. Gain valuable experience 
managing a team 01 empIoy_, culllOmefs. 
and suppliers. Successful applicants will 
undergo extensive trUling. Average summer 
earnings range $8-15.000. Call "Studenl 
Painters' for Information. 1-800--426-0«1. 
(1122-3111) 
Medical and Graduate studenls-hetp tutor 
Medical Students in Basic Sciences ltarting 
March 19, 1991. Earn $151hr. Conta<:l Dave 
Hacker 714-856-4037. (1131-3111) 

Tired 01 low wages and long hours? Do you 
want to earn more? (619) 758-4602. (214-41 
25) 

I need 200 people desiring wealth wit'lout the 
corporate rat race . Call 271 -4940 for 
inlormation. 271-4940 (2/7-512) 
FULL TIME RESEARCH ASStSTANTSHtP 
PSYCHIATRY DEPT. UC IRVINE 1·2 YEAR 
POSITtON. Statistical. compuler, clinicat, 
research experience preferabie. Work with 
PET, MRI data. For more Inlormation call: 
Ched (714) 856-7861 . (2114·2125) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64-91 %), after 
completing the" course worlc, remaIn wilh 
a dlssenatlOll pendIng compielion Indell· 
nltely. Among these ABDs (AII-S: 1-the-
Dissertalion) are generally found the 
bflghtest and most creatIVe candidates. 
Addressing toose elements lllvolved If1 de-
layIng completIOn. the worlcshop gudes 
partlC1pants. from beginning to follOWIng 
through ano cortll letlOn, panlClJlarly after 
years 01 InactivIty and regard'ess of .... here 
they are In the process 

Workshop mlormation 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

Monday, March 11, 1991 

CUStomef service help wanted $1 0.25fstarl. 
National Chain has 15 part and full time 
POSItions available In the retalt sales fl8/d. No 
experience requored. can 452-8292. (314-41 
4) 

TUTOR: La Jotta Family seeks experienced 
tutor for 9 yr. old 3rd grader. Must have 
reading, English and 1118111 skIIs. Hours: 4 
p.m .~ p.m .. Mon-Fri. Slo/hour. Prior 
experience and credentiall. plus references 
a must. Call Dawn 231 ·9SOI. (2128-3111) . 

Wanted: Subjects from southern Boston 
needed lor music perception experiment. No 
music eiCptrlence necessary. $1 OIhour. Call 
558-1385. (3111-3114) 
SUMMER EMPLOYMENT- The Big Beer 
Tennis Ranch needs Iive~n oounMiors 10 
work as lennls, waler spoIlS, lind recra.lon 
instructors. Please call 714 786-6322 tor 
more Information.(317·3111) 
2 112 yr. veteran alternatiVe band leeks 
professional management lor negotiating 
record contracts. booking shows. etc. Joe 
693·1016 Bam · 5pm.(317·3114} 
looking lor cash? Like 10 WOIk outdoors? I 
am looking for painters. will train , for 
weekends, spring break, and possibly 
summer. Call Dan 558·2265, lea .... 
message.(317·3114} 
Guitarist lind Vocalist wanted lor band with 
Faith No More Influence. Originality & Writing 
ability pr8Iwd. Noprvvious band exp8riencle 

~. Serious only. 558-7550.(317-31 
11) 
Undefgra<1Jat. music majors needed tor 
Music Appreciation study. SI*8 Is Umited. 
Pays $5 lor only 45 minutes I It you'" 
Interested, contact Milch 8t457·0239.(317·3/ 
11 ) 
The OAStS Language Program Is now 
accepting applications lor tutors of French 
and/or Spanish. Calt 534·2284. (311 1·3114) 
Wanted: SUbjects from Maryland or Vllginia 
needed lor music perception experiment. No 
music experience necessary. $IMIour. Cal 
558-1385_ (3111 ·3114) 

FOR SALE 
'81 Jeep CJ7 4CyI. 53K runs great, soli top. 
many x·lres. Must sell to pay for Spring aer. 
$4250. Call Daro/d 271-6811 .(2114-3114) 
Mountain Bike - Good condition, $60. Cal 
284·5553 & teeve message. (314·3111) 
FutonsIFrames. upgraded fealures, boIh S85, 
with arms $135, oak $199, can de6ver 226· 
1398. (314·3114) 
Plane lidlet. round-trip to SF from SO: needs 
10 be AsIan male lor 3115. $80, call 450-6878. 

BMW '71 ,Greatcar, Need money 10 pay rent. 
$1800 obo, Call 558-2343.(317-311 I ) 

$ega Genesis + $SO Game. New in Box. 1 st 
$ 100 takes, Rich 558-8061.(317·311 1 ) 
74 VoIIIo WIgOII LooksI Runs GAS. $1200 
obo. 755·5804.(317·311 1) 
The Legend It coming to T ownl Firat Row 
SealS for Nell Young. call Eddy 458-9845.(31 
7·3114) 
Nikkor 35-105 macro 13.5 5275 obo. Jennl 
792-0648. (317·3/1 oIl 
Car Amplitler ·Special Edition" A2100. 
l ooWattsiCh at .03% THO (Have receipts) 
$175. Alia, porte d subwoof. r box 
proIeeeionaJly buih to formula wnour 8 inch 
poly woofers S250. Tim 793·2627.(317·311 1) 

HP 48SX catculator. 1 monlh old. Have 
receipt. box, warranty. Best oHer. 455-6305. 
(3111-3114) 

lor Sale:Oueen size futon + Irame. Very new. 
Very nice. S200 O.B.O. 459·2989 Heather. 
(3111) 
FOR SALE: One-way /light, S.D.-Oakland. 
Sat. 3123, 1 :45 p.m. Only $29Iolr. Jeanne 
535-1740. (3111 -3114) 

SMOG 
CHECK $19.99 

plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• Oil. lube. filter S14.99 
• AIC Service SU .99 

• Coolant ServIce $1'.99 
• Trensmlssion Service $24.99 

• Brake Special (1 axle) . .... 
CaDAutoc.. 

0I'EJI1 Do\ va A WIllI IMMIO __ IN •• illite C 
( ....... .....,.., 

Ian DIIeI. CA 12121 (811) .... 2438 

Monday, March 11 , 1991 

Apple Uac for sale, original 512K machine; 
includes external disk drive. numeric key 
pad and lots 01 sol1ware. Call 587-8220. 
Aaron. (311 1) 

NorIhwest Ticket. San Diego to Boston, 
March 22·31 . $280 O.B.O. Steve 458-9263. 
(311 1-3/14) 

$58 R.T. Hight: S.D. to S.F.O. Mar. 29 thru 
April 1st. Home lor Easterl535·9433 . (311 I · 
3114) 

Macintosh lmagewriter It printer. 1 112 years 
old. Top shape. With fonts. 5250 call Kevin. 
488·9905. (311 1-31t4) 
'81 Mercury Capri . new tranSiclulCh. 5·spd. 
EnkBi rims. stereo caSSlbooster. $1950.00, 
call 535-93t 5. (3111-3114) 
Must Sell: Airline ticket . US Air round trip SO 
- Oakland. best otter over 5SO, Ralph 457· 
2n4. (3111 ·3114) 

79 Honda Accord LX, silver, new water 
pump, new brakes. It's agreal car, must selt, 
leaving country. $2OOOIO.B.0 . 792·5227. 
(3111 ·3114) 
Apple IIc computer, lots of software: word -
processing, spreadsheet. games. Great lor 
students. 5450. 552-0532. (3111 .... /8 ) 

Round trip ticket to San Jose from San 
Diego. Lvs. San Diego 3/26 @ 7:05, Rts. 
Irom San Jose 3131 @ 5:08. $100. Call 
Darren 793-0273. (3111) 

HOUSING 
Townhouse a ... ailable Immediately, near 
UCSD, $900 per month. Call 272-6508. (21 
25-3114) 
Mira Mesa. Responsible student to share 4 
bedroom home. Own room $280. Call 549· 
3971. (212S-3114) 

Large master bedroom available near UCSD. 
Private bath . sundeck, washer/dryer. 
Available now through end 01 June. $430 

sin~ double occupancy + 113 utilities. 
259-1829. (2119-3115) 

Hillcrest. room in coot house 10 sublet for 
April to July (SPring quarter) close to Iree 
~ shuttle, only $280 + 1/4 Utilhies 
(appro" $30), call 296·8«5. (3111 ·3114) 
Roommate Wantedt La Jolla CondO 5 min 
from school. Your own room &balh & parking 
space. Washer & dryer, sauna, hot. tub. & 
pool. 2 people possible 4501mo + 113 utilities. 
457-8093. Atex. (3/4-4118) 
For Rent: 1 single bedroom in UniverSity City. 
$3OO1mo and 1/4 util. Ask for Louis. 457· 
3090. (314·3114) 

carmel Valteytownhorne. Beautiful. spacious, 
quiet, clean, garage, tireplace.Jacuzzi. poOl. 
sauna. tennis, 2 mi to beach . neart·5. Femate/ 
male, responsible, non·smoker. $330 + 113 
Ulil lor own room. AvaJl April 1. Caren, Neil: 
481--4496 (Lv. message) . (314-411) 

Walk to campus Irom Studio, Fumished (New 
Queen Bed) , Kitchenette wl Toaster, 
Microwave. Utensils. Provate Patio , Bath. 
Pool, Tennis. Nonsmoking. no pet. $450. 
Single $SOO Couple. Utilities tnctuded. 455· 
9678. (317·311 4) 
Nonsmoking Female to share La Jolla 
Townhome w/ Family. Own Room. Pool. 
Tennis. 5-minute walk to campus. Share 
Bath 53501mo, includes utilities. Available 
Now. Call Karen-- 455-9678.(317·3114} 
Roommate wanted for own room in Det Mar 
condO. (3BR· 2 1I2BA) Beautiful, Oulet 
Complex- Pool, Jacuzzi, Fireplace, patio, 
laundry In-'deoondo, ciON to shopping and 
freeway. Easy 10 min. to UCSD. Renl -

$3501m~ No Deposit or last mo. Required. 
Call : 259-6997 (Amy or Kevin) or 481 ·8650 
(Tess, Brian, or Brenda) Availabie 311191 . (31 
7-4115) 

The UCSD Guardian 

ROOMMATE NEEDED IMMEDtATELY-
Own Master Bedroom (over 140sq.ft) in 4 BR 
condo. Cable TV. Pool Tat)le. near campus. 
$3301mo + 114 utilities. Call Nick or Mike 558· 
0471. (317·311 4) 
Room for rent: Tierra Santa: Cool person 
Iooklng lor 3 hOusemates to share neal 4 
bedroom house for S260 (each person). 
Available April I to July 31 . to minutes from 
UCSD and SOSU. Leave onessage lor Eric at 
619·571 -1751 . (3111) 
ROOM FOR RENT. BEAUTIFUL LA JOLLA 
HOUSE. 4 blocks from Wind and Sea Beach 
$293Imo + 115 utilities. WasherlOryer, big 
back yard. 459-2989 Heather. MlF non-
smoker. (31 11 ) 
OwnroomDetMar, 1 btock tobeach, Availabte 
4/1 (or over Spring Break), Male/Female, 
$350 + 114 utIlities, pool . sauna. hot tUb. ctose 
to school. Call 793-0207. 793-0315. (3/11) 
CONDO UTC- OWN ROQt..oI $335 +114 
UTILITIES, $62.50 DEPOStT. AVAtLABLE 
4/1 OR SPRING BREAK. (421·3218) . (3n ·31 
14) 
Roommate Wanted: Own room in 3 bedroom 
apart . 5315. 113 ulil. Avail. late March. 558· 
0571 . (3111 ·3114) 
Roomate wanted I BirdrockiPacllic Beach 4· 
BR house, garden, garage, all amenities. 
Relaxed, lriendty atmosphere. MatureJgrad 
studenl (M or F) preferred. $380 + last month. 
488·9905. (311 t ·311 4) 
Roommate wanted (MlF). Furnished room 
Includes own bath & walk·in closet. 5 minutes 
Irom UCSD. Pool , jacuzzi & weight room. 
washerldryer. $370 month + 113 utitities.4SO· 
6653 Christine. (3111 ·311 4) 
Unl..,.,.lty City 5250 t or 2 females to share 
nice 3 bedroom house (own rooms). 10 
minutes to UCSD. Washer/dryer, patio. piaroo. 
No smokers, drugs. pelS. Call Mark at 534-
2391. (message: 534-3383) . (3111 -311 4) 

FACT #1: World-researched and doctor-formulated, all-natural 
nutritional products that are innovative, technologically 
advanced, and effective without harmful stimulants! 

FACT #2: Product lin..e developed by a leading international -
pharmaceutical company serving OVER 5000 
DOCTORS WORLDWIDE FOR YEARS! This product 
line has unsurpassed quality, credibility and integrity. 

FACT #3: In clinical applications, these products have been 
effective for: 

e WEIGHT LOSS 
e STOP SMOKING 
e INCREASED ENERGY 
• EPSTEIN-BARR VIRUS 

e CANDIDA 
e STRESS 
• ULCERS 
• INDIGESTION 

• YEAST INFECTIONS e FOOD ALLERGIES 
e AND MUCH MORE! 

FACT #4: Product line is designed to improve the health and 
well-being of everyone! FEEL THE BENEFITS AND 
RESULTS WITHIN TEN DAYS! 

FACT #5: Product line is now available at WHOLESALE PRICES! 
Find out how you can save! 

FACT #6: Two FREE round trip airline tickets to Hawaii for all 
new wholesale customers as part of a vacation 
savings package! Call for details. 
BONUS OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31, 1991. 

DON'T WAIT! 
Now that you have the facts, call. 

House for rent. North Point Lorna 3 BD 2 BA, 
2 car garage, 120 degree view wood deck 
over lOoking P.B .. Mission Bay and Ocean 
Irom Bird Rock to O.B. pier. Lrg. kitchen. 
brick patio. wshIdry, availabte April 1, 10001 
mnth. 10 min to UCSD. Kimball 221-8276 or 
534·4303. (3111 -3114) 
ROOM FOR RENT - Enjoy the pleasures of 
your own room at La JoUa del SOl. It's close 
to UCSD, shopping and bus routes. Only 
$305.00 per month! Call Frank or Danny at 
558-07 t 3. (3/1 1-3114) 
MOVETOTHE BEACH-FORONLY $31 01 
moil Non·smoklng lematfl wanted 10 live In 
PBctosetobay and beach. own room. laundry 
facilities. 10 min to UCSD. 11301 utilities and 
$300 deposit. Available end ()f March (light 
after finals) - but CALL NOWII Kim at 273· 
7147 or Laura aI270-3367. Oon't miss outll 
(3/1 4) 
OWNER ANXtOUS has bought 2 BD condo. 
8803 H G~man Drive. AGENT ANNE Lowe 
466-3053. (3111 ·3114) 

Room lor rent in Pacillc Beach. $360 per 
month. availabte April. Don or Tony 581 · 
3323. (2128·311 4) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST Gold ling. lamlly crest and inscropllon 
on face. High sentimental value, reward. Jim 
554-0373. (21t 9-411) 
Lost: Green tinen jacket at Eargasm Wed. at 
1 :00 a.m. Pleaso return to Jae at the 
undergraduate tlbrary circutation desk. (31 
II) 

PERSONALS 
Hey Music Lovers I UCSD'sACOUSTtC ALtBI 
has an all new. all original tape out In 
Assorted Vinyl. Chock it oU11i (3111 -3114) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Had enough 01 weak, watered down beer? 
Want a beer that will scintillate the old taste 
buds? The La Jolla Brewery makes lour 
beers that will please the most disceming 
patate. Check it out. and tell them that the 
Guardian sent youl (2121-3114) 
Wanted: StimulaUng (t hope) oorrespondence 
with bright, brainy, Interesting women ages 
20-35. Write Sonny a .. P.O.Box 389, Iowa 
City, IA 52244 .(2128-4/15) 

Wednesday nights are UCSD Night at the La 
Jolla Brewery. Get pints of the best tasting 
beer in San Diegoforonly $1 .75. Check it out, 
and tell 'em the Guardian sent you. (314-3114) 
Interested in joining UCSD's one and onty 
fantasy baseball league? We need about 
lour more teams. Call Jason at 534-658 t 
ASAP and teave a message. BIG PAYOFF I 
(314-411) 
Enjoy Sting Concert from an excellent seat 
very close tothe stage. Call Alex 458·9845.(31 
7-3/11 } 

Come support Sigma Kappa and ChiOmega's 
fundralser Thursday and Fllday In Revelle 
Ptazall (311 t -31 14) 
SUPER SIGMA KAPPA KIM TONG IS our 
S,ster 01 the Weeki CongralutaltOnsl- tove 
SIgma Kappa. (311 t) 
Attention atl Jackson Hote Skllers : 
Mandatory RiSe meetIng Wednesday. March 
13th 8 p m. at the Triton Pub. (31\ 1) 
Carrie - you are such a bad tittle glrt l I'm 
kiddIng. I am gtad you had lun. But lUStlhlnk 
01 all the fun you are going to have next 
quarter. with me bothering you all the tlmel 
(3111) 
StIli no plans for Sprtng Break? SkI Jackson 
Hole with RISC II Tickets at Box Olllce. (3111· 
31t 4) 
Brtan - how's the .... eightlhlng? (3/11 ) 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

2 for 1 Buy a slngl. or double scoop Ice cream and get a 2nd of equal 01 I . ... r yolue FREEl fjJJ
., 
" " 
. . 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• HoIn: • Lo Jollo CoI""y 7770 Regents Rd .. # t08 (fn the Vons Shopping Cenrer) t I am-IO pm Sun .[hun • 
• One cou""" ".rCUllome r E>l)lrosJI I7I'1I 11 om-II pmfn &501 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISIS' 

wrVE GOT 
THE CURE! 

Shipping Worldwide 
r novelty items' gift wrapping· balloons . 9reetl ng~ards I large selection or 9irl illll1. shipping boxes .~ 4>05 La JolI' V;U~g 0,;", UTC M, II 

>-A (nex t to Carlos Murphy's) 
".' 453·9993 w. I ~ , OPEN DAILY 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HURACHES REEF 
MEN-WOM EN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA Sfi"DflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SD 92109 
488-1134 



22 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, March Il, 1991 

~THE WEEK IN RTSjMARCH 4-10 
SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 

~ MEN'S BASKETBAll r 234jlost to Otterbein in NCAA third round 
~ MEN'S VOUEYBAU r 7 -8/S-2 in conference 
~ BASEBAU r 5-10j defeated lOth-fanked Methodist 
~SOFTBAU r 8-3/swept doubleheader from Azusa Pacific 
~ MEN'S TENNIS r 04/next match Tuesday against Rochester 
~ WOMEN'S TENNIS r 5-2/ defeated long Beach State 8-1 Friday 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

INTERCOUEGIATE SPORTS 

~ate 

I Mar. 11 
Mar. 12 

~:.13 
C-14 

Mar. 15 

Event TIme 

W. Tennis v. Iowa State 3:00 p.m. ------~ 
M . Volleyball v. SDSU 7:00 p.m. 
Baseball v. Claremont 2:30 p.m. 
M. Tennis v. Rochester 3:00 p.m. 
M. Tennis v. Navy 3:00 p.m. 
W. Swimming 
NCAA Championships in Atlanta 
Softball at La Verne 

all day 
2:00 p.m. 

M. TenniS v. Emory at Irvine 11:00 a.m. 
W. Tennis v. Yale 2:00 p.m. 
W. Swimming 
NCAA Championship In Atlanta all day 

Mar. 16 Baseball at La Verne 11:00 a.m. , 
Track & Field at Cal Poly Pomona 10:~ a.m. 1 
M. & W. Crew v. Loyola Marymount 

1 at MISSion Bay ~:oo a.m. I 
XTRAMURAL SPORTS 

Date Event 

Mar. 12 Rugby at San Diego State 
Mar. 13 Snow Ski Conference Finals 

Mar. 16 
W. Lacrosse hosts Lea ue Rnals 
Cycling v. SDSU 

IJJf~NS'ON 
,. SPECIAL TY CEN TERS 

I --~ 
l 5:~ p.m. 

all da 
3:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 

MEN'S BASKETBALL 
IIIIUlTS 

1ItM_.~,_ 

,....-
_IOIi. UCSOIll 
CMll6,w ..... n __ 1'. ___ 62 
__ ll~~"""",\O 

_6<_621011 
fiIrt.iIII""""'II .Gonnoos..6J 
.... (lU.) \(11. S£_ 
___ (lU) 101. SolIno StIII-.),. 
1ItM_.~r_ 

--
_ OU.I 110. 1'< .. (IU.) 17 
fiIrt.iIII_76_13 1011 W __ 101 ___ 61 

_II. CMI 73 

W. TENNIS 
IllSULTS 

UCSO H5IU. 81 

INDIVIDUAl. RfSUlTS 
ucso ... CSU 
SlQ£S- _ IUC$OJo. looiCSWIlC.61._ 
1\IC5IlI 0. c...... ICSU, 52. &.<. 0... IC5UlI) • 
_1\fCSOI.~1. ~~l/r<OtuCSO)4.SUluyICSW' 

~. &.< &3 I,. 1\IC5IlI 4. LqC tcSW. I~. &:); 
~1IJCSO\4.'It'1CSWi. 6161 
OOUllIS - ",U/ ....... IUCIO) 0 Yo./ 

~I.61.61l\f'ld1fttl!dln(1iCSOli.o..; V" (al.l8\. 64. 62: I'III/IbM (VC$OI Go CImN 
~CSU 67.61 64. 

M. VOLLEYBALL 
RDUl.TS 
UCSOdll: _ IlLl . ~IO. ~u 

UCSOdu_~. ~l1715 

BASEBALL 
RESUlTS 
~""II'~ 2. ucso I 
ucso 15._ ' 
u Vemt l ucso I 
ucso 5. _ (NC) 3 

Mr1 Ri.I fTA R A , 7 
_ ___ 33 III 2-3 • 0 2 16 

~ 6 12 00 I 0 0 3 
_ ___ 37 16 12 I 6 3 3 
_ _. 2 00 00 0 0 I 0 
Stora 13 01 02 0 I I 0 
"'" ._ lI 1'32 U 6 J • 37 
_ _ 1& 03 }5 I I 5 3 
~ _. 3 H 00 I I I 2 
_ __ 21 'U 22 6 I 3 10 
_ _ 2 DO 00 0 0 0 0 
..., ___ lS ~12}4 5 0 J 21 
1 _ __ 200 37m I.:U 12 I. 23 95 

SI»OI~ r.tIiJ .,.. '5.11, ... -.. 1l31. 
lhooporc"...-7l)fbpp612. '-12._ 
02._'H._OI._OI~ 1 ... _-
'-.. ..... - 1.'..--12(8& •. _ 
t _ 2. AIoo. ~ L-. ... 1 SlHb-
llfbpp • . J_2._ .. _ .ws....Spota. 
.Imoo). Todnal brIs - '*-

1M Ri.I fT~ R A P 1 lMII ___ . l9 ~7 U 2 5 2 12 _ ___ .3< 
17 « 3 10 2 6 _ __ 19 
S7 00 3 I I U 

Indor _. 3< l\-23 U 2 2 2 '3 WorIIy ___ 12 II 12 6 0 • 5 N.1i.UW1 ._2I +7 }4 2 • II 
110M 16 2.J DO 2 3 • 
_ _ __ 6 

OJ 12 • 0 2 I 
W...-- . 13 H II I I 2 I 
CoUIns _ I 00 00 0 0 0 0 
"'_ ._ 1 DO DO 0 0 0 0 
lOUII __ 1OO l66I 2U)36 23 72 11M 

~ Rtl1J .,... 1l3l, lie -. "lI. T1wt""" ..... - IOU(\Mln«. 1IracIlIy~_ 12. 0IMs(1I" __ -1. __ -2 
(Worley. No GWM1j. 1\11101011 - 161h1or &. _ 6, 
_ 2. lasIt. ~ 510. - . (\MIn t hiIy 
1\1_ .... - ..... 
uctI 

" ~ 11 
' -3161 

SOFTBALL 
RlSULTS 

.~UCS02 
UCSO l_ Poetc 0 UCSO&. __ l 

.. 
-

.. 

f1 
-

UI 

THE FINAL FOUR 

WEST MIDWEST EAST SOUTHEAST 

l£SBRtNOLD UNlV Nebraska 

HEATHER t«llTZClAW UNl V Nebraslla 

PmRKO 

JASON SNEll 

KEN PERlMAN 

UNlV Duke 

UNlV Duke 

UNlV Otuo Stale 

N.C. Stille Mansas 

SyJacuse Kansas 

Noeth Caroilina Alllansas 

r ~~.:H:E~ 1 r F;ntE~ - T -oli ;;g; 1 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

1 

i 
IJ J. ~J 
! 

TRACK & FIELD 

IllSULTS 
UCID, ... _ 
_',1111 r __ 
WOMOt ucso ut: __ 37; _ 36; II: 

_31;~_2'. 
MDtUCS088.I;_SI. __ 56.I; CSU 
_~II:_I' 

-_: 
WOtor£/tIlInf<-I _ 001M IUCSOI. 120"3/ 

" ; 2. Lmoot 1UIIr ~ 1!JIj' 1/2'; 1 Nny 
_ tuCSDI. 103' a 1/'1'. lIIPl£ JUW- l ~ 
0iI0f«r ~ 36' r . 2. Don RIll (Ut$OI, 3J' 3'; 
l.ulo _ tuCSDI. 28' 23/'" H<iH JUloP-l s.... 
CIristJ 1iC5DI. I' 3 3/" ; 2. anw.~jUCIl). 5' 33/ 
1'. 1 lor -. _ . "13/" .. 100 W£T£R 
RWY- L UCSO 4&89; 2. _ UI; 1 _ 
5oI.0I.11OOWET£JS- I _P .... IUCRI.·:4e.63: 

2~ Co1¥> 1l.CR1 . • 4ll3: 1 Holy ""'" iCSUf), 
~lo.IJ.DSCUS-I _~lucsop6n·; 2. 
Dot1Cie IWlIO'O (UCSOI. 1'1'6'; 1 III l~ (UCSOI. 
m ·I·. 100 M£T£R IftIIOl£S-. l Con fiCI (UCSOI. 
16.08;2.8r1ttq1k.ltll_l lS.17.1sn.s.....oo 
~. 16.<6. 400 Mffi.1!$-l lin _ iCSUf), 
17.66. 2.""""""" ~ 1:0051: 1_ 
WoItty jPomonI), t02l2. 800 M£T£RS.- l. IloNSI 
McfI)do<1 (OC5O' ~200Ii. 2. ....... P ..... 1l.CR' 

~22.501; 1 l<enyColWtt,."..". ~21.66.100 M£TERS-
1. Enr'W_ (OC5O).12.Il<; 2. LanV_(lJCRl 
12.7'; 1 _ WlIo4Io IUC$O~ U.98. 400 IotmR 
It\IfU)l5.. ·l ...... 1U'cIlI! lII:50I. lO7.71; 2. Con 
_ IUCSOI l'06.l9: 1 Min"" W .. (IJCR) lil9.61 
lONGMlP-I ~lJO:itoujCllromofC). l6'5· ; 2.1)w 
fiCll\JCSIlI, 16'1/2' 1 ~ CoidoeI ICSUfl. 15·U·. 
2OOIoI£TiIIS l£lluWnI'qIonliC5Dl. 25.21; 2. _ 
-. itJCSOI. 27.211 Lan V_ IOCR). 27.5. ]))) 
M£TERS-l oense Md_fUCSOI.IO:2"Jl;2._ 
PtMIC5lfI.IO'.l6.00: 1_1»<IINiCSUfl, 10:27 ... 
• x 400 IotmR RIlAY-l OCS) 'A' 4.09.1: 2.1'<mr1I 
' .lJ.I;1_'38.7. 

MOt _ II£R llIflOW- l $Q1Q s.pr. (UCSOI. 

I92'U' ; 2. W. W ..... ~i 110'11'; t. JoIf 
I,.. ~ 1601'.11\'1111- 1. AoH_ .1tS4J). 
2OI'U'; 2. I\on()ootooIUC$O, 161'1'; 1 OYI _ 
(CIoornort),158'2'.lOhGAM'-I.On Srnft/'l1rrlNl. 
,no 1/2'; 2.1 .. _,.....,,). 20' 5'; 1 _ 
-. (\JCRI. 2O'1l{'r. SHOT PUT- 1. ScU1 !orpR 
(UCSOI. 4 r61/1' ; 2. Milt Sosri ,.",..,). 46' 10 1/4' ; 
1 .... 1H ... I~. ·I· .I/.· . 41100 R!IAY­
ll'<mr1l '3.\8. 1. UCSO 1168: 1 CIoreIro1 " .11. 
llOO M£TERS- l ~ r ... ~ '1J1.2l; 2.1non 
_'CSUfl.':02.1;1 Enck-"'IUC51lI.I:OlIl 
110 M£TERS HUROl£S-l 11'1 f\.toO (~15.I; 
1 .... Mr_ iUCSOl 17.19; 1 lira _ 
IUC&lI. 11.91. 'lIO IIETER$- l !(on Hoed 1'omnI. 
431i: 2. QnrI " .. (CSUI). '952; 1 r- Clot< 
(1iCSOi 1O.lS.1001lETER$-1. GusHsu(VC$Ol. IU2; 
2. SIrdoyFuiAl".,.,., 11.'1: 1 ''''~~' 
ILn. 1IlO MElERS-I s.. Gw)M tuCSDl.l\9.2; 2. 
Oom ..., I~ 2:Ql'l; 1 00'IIk C(Iro 
ICInnIortJ. ~l9<.1IGH 1\.lIP- ll., Cooke (VC$OI. 
6' 31"; 2. lM!r¥ NII"I~. 6·' 31"; 1 
SM s.te .. I\ICS0l.67 3/1'. 200 MElERS-l """ 
_ Ian ....... 22.~ 1. Gus Hsu (VC$OI. 2lO8; 
1 _ Gc>don iC5Ufl, 2113. 1l5CU$- 1. $Q1Q 
s. ... (IJCSO). 152'9'; 2. _ H..- /POfrOrIII. 
133'3'; 1 Tom W_ """",",I. 132'13/" . TRIPlE 
"'loP- I • .It", _1CSUfl. 46'S 1/,'; 1. Ctra 
SmIII (l'omona~ 'nO'; 111M SrdI<z 1\Q),'1\ 1/ 
r . \000 M£TERS- L flll'T.,.,., (CSI.f). 15:06.91 2. 
IIopr _ iUCSO, 1~11.76; 1 Maty - 1C51.f). 
15:2136. 

W. LACROSSE 
RESULTS 
UCSOll.a-9 

M. LACROSSE 
AESUl.TS 
_ 28. IA:SO 10 

I BRAKE •• Alignment • Special • 
I I. $1495 • $1495 • 
• SPECIAL I I ~car' I'ucks& '''''''''1 • -. h.Ilo _IIter. ", .. S. IUCSD STUDENTI 
I $6995 I L E>pott.3125191 qu;nso=~~c:n). ~-----t-----~ • • I Computerized • I 
I meown .. Fr?nt End • Strut I 
I 24-Thousand Mile w.mnry I I Alignment • P k • 
I Replace Ironl pads and rear I I $2495 ac ~ge • 
• 

l1nong . Resurlace rOlors. Mosc cors • Special 
drums. bleed &a~USI I I Sot casllt. cambor & I.. .. • I 

I sYSlem. Exua metallic pads. •• """"*"'tr'. ~ocaIIOIlS. • O.~res l'25I91 stomAl &aboutc'nll'ou'~r" • c •• <>rlndg ... 00 $1011.15 
...

..... ... . ... ul""Slrul .... $u .... 
- - - - four·whHl.llgnmtnL • F'ft'"9Ynt" ... tnl1</ftNH I 

I F R E E • I [T~! ~~) Mo,":.'. · ExprtS 3125091 • 
• Ir-----~-----, I INSPECTIONS •• FREE ALIGNMENT CHECK I 
L W,1I1 \hIS II! MoII"".J L Moll.,.,. · W"" tlII lI! 
----- -----------~ Miramar Auto Center 

6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 
558-8562 

Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-6 p.m. 
Sat. 8 a.m.-4 p.m. 

Sunday by appoinbnent only 

NOW OPEN IN PT LOMA I 3112 Midway Dr Ste D. 223·22~8 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NeXl to P,zza Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILABlE 

BIG MEAL DEAL 
-fR£-EUR~~I(\ 

0., CU\ 12" sub \ ~ It Sf of allY \ ,~qlt flUfC a \)CSOIO. ~"""'. .I ~L. .. :Y;~l;;;r~;~:;~~~;;~d:'~;;;~;~~Y"- "":;~ gootl . ..;\11 0«1 cirO/IIl ~IA\ _. Volid ooly or Co .. o V.,do \~ & Miramar locot~M Plea .. pr ..... , UCSO I o. 
Ifill ;IiJIi\:i 

6780 Miramar Rd. Bebl.d Carl'sjr. 549-6969 
8650 Gerressee I" tbe Costa Verde Food Co .. rt 558-6811 

Monday, March 11, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

SPRING BREAK Airport/Amtrak SHUTILES! 
Saturday, March 23, 1991 
Transportation Alternatives office 
534·7433 
FREE shuttle leave March 23 & 24; returning March 30 & 31 . 
This is a FREE service provided by ASUCSD and 

Transportations Alternatives. Call for reservations! 

Events ••• 
A.S. MEETING 
Wednesday, March 13, 1991 
6:30pm Council Chambers. Price Center. 3rd floor 
534-4450 
Everyone is welcome 

PRE-LA W EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 
Wednesday, March 13, 1991 
5pm 
Oasis Annex 
558-9021 
Everyone is welcome. meet others who share your 
interest in LAW! 

WATERSKI CLUB MEETING 
Thursday, March 14, 1991 
6:00pm 
Price Center, Santa Barbara room 
Greg: 272-5702 or James 793·0461 
Come water ski with us at Lake Powell. 
Cost will be $225 for one full week. Space is limited. 

AS FILM SERIES - "PUMP UP THE VOLUME!" 
Thursday, March 14, 1991 
6:30pm, 9pm & I 1:30pm 
Price Center Theater 
534-4450 
$ 1.00 only! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL AT GENERAL MEETING 
Friday, March IS, 1991 
5:00pm 
Price Center. Santa Barbara room 
558-8991 

Ge~eral meeting and end of year party! 
Free movie: "You could be Arrested." 

ALL CAMPUS STUDY BREAK ... PRESENTED BY ICHRA 
Sunday, March 17, t991 
8pm 
450-0759 
Come relax and listen to Acoustic Alibi. 
Pizza and soda for $1.00. This event goes until IOpm. 
If interested in representing Inter-College Residence Hall 
As ociation nationally please call Shara at 450-0759. 

CWD FILM SERIES 
"MY LEFT FOOT' 
Friday, March 15 
7:00pm 
Solis Hall 
FREE! 

ATTENTION STUDENTS!!! 
This is the last Newslluhes oltbe quarter!!! 
Deadline for the next Newsflashes is March 20 and will be published April I. 

NEWSFLASHES is produced by the ASUCSD. Use the NEWS FLASHES REQUEST 
10 place an advenisemenL Ads are subject 10 availabililY of space. Deadline is every Wednesday 
for the following Monday paper. Drop off and Pick up of all Newsnashcs forms are 10 be done 

the AS Secrelary -- Third Floor or the Price Center. Contact 534-4450 for more information. 

VSA 
Safurday. March 23. 199 1 
9pm 
Old Triton Pub 
Celebrate the Start of Ihe Spring Break! 

SPRING BREAK Airport/Amtrak HUTTLES! 
Saturday. March 23. 1991 
Tran portation Altematives office 
534-7433 
FREE huttles leave March 23 & 24; returning March 30 & 31. 
This is a FREE service provided by ASUCSD and 

Transportations Alternatives. Call for reservations! 

DEADLINE FOR BAlTLE OF THE BANDS IS COMING! 
Wednesday, April 3. 1991 
4:30pm 
Revelle Provosl office 534·3492 
Pick up application oon! 

INFO NITE FOR ASIO 
Wednesday, April 17, 1991 
6:00pm 
The Cove 
534-4689 

General information night for the Internship office. 
Application deadline for ASIa Friday. April 26. 1991 4prn 
Price Center, third floor 534-4689 
Summer and fall internships. 

Filing dates: March 6 - March 15 
Last Day to file: April I. Xam - 4pm 
Where: AS Office. 3rcl fl oor, 
Price Center. 
Contact: Anna al 534-4450 for more 
infomlalion . 

RUN FOR OFFICE 
IN THE ASUCSD 
ELECTIONS. 

EXECUTIVES 
Prc~ idc11l . VP Adminislral ion . VP Finance, 
and VP Ex ternal J\ ffa i r~ . 

COMMISSIONERS 
Communication~, Publ ic Relations. 
Programm ing, Academic Affairs and 
Operations/Serviccs & Emcrpri5cs. 

SENATORS 
Sophomore. Junior and enior enmors fu r: 
Fifth, Muir, Reve lle. Third, and Warren. 

23 



24 SPORTS 

BITS & PIECES ~E-;-E~ f\O 

Lebanon, Spiro, 
And Erik Estrada 
J UT A FEW TES: • If ever th re was a a e for gelling rid of poll , the 
N AA Divi ion JJI men 's 
basketball t urnament i it. First, 
none of the four teams ranked on 
t p when the regu lar-season 
ended made it to the r und of 
eight. 

Hamilton, the t p-ranked and 
undefeated team that was not 
allowed to participate in the 
tournament becau 'e of confer-
en e restri tions, I s t in the first-
round of it conferen e (- A ) 
tournament. II pc was elimi-
nated in its fir~t t umamen t 
game. nd alem tate and 
U 0 b th fell in the rOllnd of 
16. 

If this \ ere Divisi n I, A 
Executive Director Di k hultz 
would be . Iammlflg his Loui 

uillon briefcase against some 
peon'~ head and screaming. 
"What th Ilell happened?'" 

5 "COND, IT'S apparent that the p 11 mean ab olutely 
nothing as far as the A is 
concerned. 

U 0 was ranked fourth, and 
lIerbein \ as ranked seventh. 

yet the Tritons play n 
Ollerbein's court ? A neutral 
court would ha e been fine. but 
given th finan ial seat belt 
Division III find itself in. the 

CAA can't afford to designat ' 
neutral si te . So. instead of 
rectifying the si tuat ion and doing 
it correctl (i.e. rewarding the 
higher-ranked team with horne-
court pri ileges). they end 

C 0 to Westerville. Ohio. 
They might as well have sent the 
Tritons to Lebanon. Pennsyl a-
nia. 

And being the home team is 
1/0 1 a minor advantage. Our 
abacu point out that in nearly 
70 per ent of the Di i ion 111 
tournarnent game , the home 
team ha won. 

O TI lE Divi ion I tourna-ment: 
• Why i U LA playing in the 

East Regi nand eton Hall in 
the We t? Will som one plea e 
hand the election committee a 
copy of Rand-McNally and a 
rnap to geography cia . 

• Why do Towson State, 
Coa tal Carolina, and St. Franci 
(PA) sound like omeone UCSD, 
not UNLY, hould be playing? 

• Pre-toumament favorite : 
UNLV, Arkansas, Indiana, and 
Ohio State. 

• Pre-tournament darkhorses: 
See BITS, Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 11, 1991 

NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP Sf c: fIO\;'\L S 

Round of Eight Not in the Cards . 
• Tritons fall behind by 24 in the 
first five minutes and never 
recover; Otterbein wins 108-95 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

All good thing must come to an end. The UCS 0 
men ' basketball team found thi out the hard way 
Friday night as it fell to Otterbein 108-95 in the 
third round of the NCAA Division IU tou.mament. 

The loss ended the be t season in the program' 
history. It was al 0 UCSD' fir t 10 s to a Division 
III opponent this year . 

The beginning of the game was UCSD's worst 
nightmare, a the Tritons were sent reeling to a 30-
6 deficit in the first five minute . Onerbein'sJames 
Bradley led the charge, blistering the net for 22 of 
the Cardinals' first 23 points. 

"Everything he threw up wa going in," UCSD 
Head Coach Tom Marshall said. 

Bradley, who finished with 43 points, hit from 
everywhere on the court. Marshall tried to counter 
by guarding him with 6'8" Gordon McNeill, but 
Bradley calmly rattled off a series of off-balance 

Jennifer Kollky/Guardian three pointers that would have made Larry Bird 
The Tritons, shown against Claremont, could only watch as they fell behind by nervou. 
24 in the first five minutes. ONerbein beat Calvin to advance to the Final Four. See M. HOOP, Page 16 

Baseball Gets Back on Track 
• UCSD splits four games against Division III 
opponents, including 5-3 win over Methodist 

the mound and responded with a 
performance that perhaps deserved 
a win, but some difficulty in the 
fir t inning proved to be his undo-
ing in the Tritons' 2-1 loss. 

By Rex Grayner 
Slaff Writer 

four Division 1lI opponents. 
"We could have swept the 

weekend easily," Head Coach Lyle 
Yates said. "The two los e were 
one-run ball games that we didn't 
capitalize upon when there were 
opportunitie to win." 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Bryan Thomason walked in the 
tying run against La Verne. Lyle 
Yates was ejected over the call. 

After stunning Divi ion I USD 
last Tue day, the UCSD baseball 
team hoped it momentum would 
carry it through the La Verne 
Tournament in perhap the Triton ' 
mo t crucial weekend of the 1991 
sea on. When thedu thad ettled, 
the Triton (5-10) had come out 
even a they edged two of their 

On Thursday, the Tritons 
opened the four-team Divi ion m 
tournament with 25th-ranked 
Elizabethtown. Brent Hansen took 

Hansen (2-3), who truck out 
12 and walked just one, allowed 
both runs in the first inning, but 
shut out Elizabethtown for the re-
mainder of the game to post his 
third complete game. 

"Brent threw exceptionally 
well. It's a shame we couldn 't get 

See BASEBALL, Page 18 

Softball 
Sweeps Azusa, 
Falls to Regis 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Ed,tor 

fter more than a week without playing a 
game. it would eem that the UCSD oftball 
team would have jumped on it first opponent. 

Maybe the se ond. 
The Tritons fell 4-2 to Regi College on 

Thur day, but wept Azu a Pacific 1-0 and 6-
2 on Friday. 

"We came out real flat [on Thur day]," 
Head Coach Meli a Jarrell aid. "It was 
really con istent with the way we pmcticed 
all week. 

" I was really disappointed on Thursday. I 
don ' t think we were there mentally." 

Jarrell had aid earlier in the week that she 
expected the Triton to weep the weekend, 
a likelihood which looked all the more 
prorni ing when Regi a ked to play only one 
game of the hedu Jed doubleheader because 
of a lack of pitchers. But it was not to be. 

"The game on Thur day was terrible," 
Jarrell aid.uBa ically,wehadonereallybad 
inning. We made a couple of errors that co t 

See SOFTBALL, Page 18 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Denise McFayden won the 800 
and the 3000 meters Saturday. 

Track Dominates 
Five-Way Meet 
By Greg Wrenn 
Guardian Reporter 

The Triton are not good ho ts. 
In fact, the UCSD track and field team can be 

downright rude. The women were e pecially impOlite, 
blowing away econd-place Pomona-Pitzer 119-37. 
The men slid by runner-up Claremont 88.5-8 1. 

Leading the UCSD women Saturday, who failed to 
placea first- or second-place finisher in only one evellt, 
wa Erica Wa hington, who ran to victory in the 100 

See TRACK, Page 16 

Women's Tennis Swamps 4gers 
• Tritons roll past Division I 
Long Beach State with 8-1 win 
By Srinath Sanda 
Staff Writer 

UCSD women' tenni Head Coach Liz 
LaPlante was a bit unsure going into Friday's 
matchup again t Long Beach' State. 

Perhaps the Tritons, who had suffered a hard 
9-0 los to We tem Michigan last week, were a 
bit un ure of themselves as well. 

But whatever uncertainties existed were 

quickly bru hed underthe rug as UCSDdefeated 
Long Beach State 8-1. 

The Long Beach State that came to UCSD 
was clearly not the same group that had domi-
nated the Tritons in the past. 

This, coupled with last week 's 10 ,made the 
match against the 4ger ,in LaPlante's words, a 
"tell-me" outing. The Tritons did not disappoint. 

Robyn Inaba and Carla Nicholas, the Tri-
tons' number one and two players, both won 
easily in single. 

See W. TENNIS, Page 15 


