
• OPINION 
'The war in the Persian 

Gulf is yet another example 
of what happens when a 
"friend" ohhe U.S. realigns 
his priorities. Military 
action against Hussein and 
Noriega just goes to show 
that in the immoral world of 
foreign policy, the puppets 
can fight backIPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
The set design of a play 

i8 • primary comribution to 
• performance. ~ 
to one set designer, props. 
lighting, and backdrops can 
make a visual comment on a 
play. But a long process is 
required for ideas to take on 
concrete fonnlPAGE 9 

• SPORTS 
U nderpublJicized and 

unappreciated, UCSD's 
fencing team may be the 
most unknown spon on 
campus. In the first of an 
occasiooal series. we take 
In in-depdt look at the little-
known spor1I on campus: the 
ruIes. the IIhIetes. and the 
equipmentlPAGE I! 

.HiA1US 
In • sayle limn. to 

altemllive favorite Dinasaur 
Jr., Buffalo Tom bu 
emeqed IS one of the 
coUeae music: scene's up-
IDCk:Gmina bends. HitItu 
speaks with pitarill Bill 
lanovitz1PAGE IU 

INDEX ... 
lJC ~ ••..•••••••..•••• 2 
~ ........•........... 4 
F-.. ............... ; ... 9 
tfIaII8 ................... H1 
SporI8 ••....•..••..•••..•. 20 

TG With Beerl\t1ay Be 
Held in Price Center 
• Event still needs UCSD police chief 
and environmental office approval 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

Free beer may again be distrib-
uted to UCSD student and em-
ploye at an ex perimental TG event 
lated for Feb. 22 at the Price Cen-

ter. 
New ecurity arrangements will 

be tested at the Price Center event if 
approved by both UCSD Police 
Chief John Anderson and the UCSD 
Envirorunental Health and Safety 
Office, according to Associated 
Student President John Edson. 

The general public cannot mix 
with UCSD affiliate when alcohol 
i erved on campus without a li-
cen e, according to the tate Alco-
holic Beverage Control (ABC) 
board's ruling on the TG last month. 
TheA.S., which runs theTGs, cannot 
obtain a License because it i a stu-
dent organization . 

Sean Drelllnger/Guardian 
Continuing the VlglI- Former student J. P. Hajim plays his 
guitar in front of Galbraith Hall, joining a vigil protesting the 
war in the Persian Gulf. 

The experimental TG will be 
moved away from the gym steps to 
the Price Center, where the flow of 
people anending the event can be 
more easily controlled, according to 

A.S. Members Discuss Fee 
Increase With Legislators 

Edson. 
"You'll need a student ID to get 

into the plaza and grass areas," he 
said. The second floor and food 
service areas will be open to the 
public. 

By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

Members of the Associated Stu-
dents met Friday with San Diego 
county representatives of the state 
legislature, urging them to oppose 
the 20 percent student fee increase 
proposed in Governor Pete Wilson's 
1991-92 state budget. 

In seven meetings ranging from 
15 to 30 minutes in length, A.S . 
members discussed the impact of 
such a fee increase with senators 
andassemblymembers. The increase 
is widely projected to exceed 20 
percent. 

According to Jeremy Pasternak, According to Assistant Vice 
the A.S. representative to the Uni- ChancellorofStudent Programs and 
versity of California Student Asso- Activities Tom Tucker,entrance into 
ciation (UCSA) who organized the the plaza will also be controlled to 
meetings, the majority of the legis- prevent people with "foreign con-
lators were receptive to the con- tainers" which may contain alcohol 
cerns voiced, but "there are no indi- from anending. 
cations that they have made up their Edson stated that approval for 
minds [on the issue]." the plan has already been granted by 

"Some of [the legislators] were Anderson, who brought up official 
definitely sympathetic to the stu- objections to the service of alcohol 
dents' cause, and seem to think that at TGs last September. 
students' fees are a high enough · Anderson met with Edson and 
priority ," he said. others Friday to discuss security ar-

However, Pasternak recognized rangements at the experimental TG. 
See LOBBY, Page 8 "I told them I'm preny much 

amicable to anything that fit within 
the parameters of the law," Ander-
on aid. 

Anderson i till con emed with 
"the passing of alcohol from au-
thorized person tominors,"but will 
upport a lawful etup. 

He expre sed concern that the 
"preponderance of tudent drinkers 
are commuters" may create a drunk 
driving problem. 

In re pons to Anderson ' con-
cerns. a committee was fonned to 
look into the impact of alcohol at the 
TGs. The committee later sent a 
letter to the ABC regarding the le-
gality of alcohol service. 

According to Edson, Anderson 
is stilI trying to kill the T,G -
de pite being supportive of the ex-
perimental arrangements - by 
driving the cost of security too high. 
Anderson wants a total of 18 Staff 
Pro employees to be on-site in addi-
tion to the police officers at the 
event, Edson said. 

"He's trying to make costs pro-
hibitive," Edson explained. 

The UCSD Environmental 
Health and Safety Office meets to-
day to grant further approval for the 
experimentalTG.Edsonexpectsthe 
proposal to be upported by the 
comminee, possibly with minor 
modifications to the arrangements. 

See TGIF. Page 8 

Students Speak On -----~~--,..,-, 
Divisional Question 
• General sentiment supports 
Div. II move at IRAAC forum 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Financing a Division II intercollegiate athletic program 
was among the major concerns of student leaders at an 
Intercollegiate and Recreational Athletics Advisory Commit-
tee (lRAAC) student forum last night. The forum was spon-
sored by IRAAC to solicit student opinion on future directions 
for UCSD' s athletic program. 

But the overall sentiment at the meeting, attended by 
approximately 40 students and 60 people altogether, was in 
favor of a move from Division m to Division II. 

The one-and-a-halfhour forum at the Warren Lecture Hall 
2001 began with speeches by IRAAC Chair Diana Marquardt 
and Athletic Director Judith Sweet. 

Marquardt outlined the intentions of the meeting, while 
Sweet detailed the past history and current situation of the 
aIhleric program. 

See IAMC, Page 7 There was a small tumout at yesterday's athletic forum, hosted by IRAAC. 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAtv\f'USf S 

Conflicts Could Close Department 
Of Speech and HearIng at UCSB 

SANTA BARBARA - Conruc:ts within the UC 
Santa Barbara Speech and Hearing Department have 
caused such hmnOil thai an adminiatrativecommittee bas 
recornrnended that !he program cIo8e down indefinitely. 

The program is one of the nation· s lOp speech and 
hearing prograrm and the only one of Its kind in !he UC 
system. 

The Executive Comrniaee of the College of Letters 
and Science made the recommendation to close the de-
panment in December. In !he\astweekofJanU8lY,duero 
increasing difficulties within the program. the conunittee 
denied all incoming freshmen and transfer students ad-
mittance into the program. 

While no one in either the department or the admin-
istration would divulge any specifics regarding !he nature 
of the conflicts, Speech and Hearing officials continned 
that conflicts between faculty members have been taking 
place for several months. causing some insIrucIors 10 
leave the department 

Lawsuit Claims UC expansion Will 
Damage Berkeley NeIghborhood 

BERKELEY - A lawsuit was filed last month against 
UC Berkeley by a group of city residents over the campus 
long-teno expansion plan. 

The Alameda County SuperiorCoun hosted the debate 
overthe adequacy of an Environmenlal Impact Repon for 
the university' s proposed Long-Range DevelopmentPian. 
ablueprintofcampusdevelopmentoverthenextl4years. 

Neighbors to \he north and southofthe 3l.000-student 
campus charge that the university did not cheek all devel-
opment options when considering impacts OIl the dense 
communities in which the expansion would take place. 

Traffic congestion, increased population due to an 
influx of students and faculty living near cwnpus. and a 
loss of open space in an already crowded area are just three 
concerns of the Coalition of University Neighbors. In a 

The UCSD Guardian 

suilfiledlasl Sepcanber. theorpnizariMcblrpdlbltthe IS-
year LRDP vioIares DJaDy ocber state envirOiiiDMlll quality 
repWions. 

UCSA to Work Out Student PrIoritIe. 
For UC Budget this W.alaKt· . 

TheUniwnityofCalifomiaSludenlAuociIlica(UCSA) 
BoudofDirec:aln willholdils replarlllOlllblJlIIeIIdaa-UC 
San FIMCisco OIl Feb. 9-10. The 1991-92 UC badeeI wiD be 
the centrIl topic fA eIisa.ion. P.:ed wiIb • pouIbIe 40 
percent fee iD;IUIe aDd 1 $17S million sbonfaD. decilioal 
have to be made, noconly by !be UC 1'_11_ Ilion, lubyllle 
sIUdenIs IheIIIIeIveL TbiI meeciaI wiD be 'IfiIC1 ~ Ia 

terma~deveIopiIclbebudFprIoailiwlObeeadoneclby UC 
sllidenls and ID ICCiao pIIIllO be preaeneed to III die IIUdeIII 
govemrnenra 81 !be"" ~ ... 

U~on the 1990-911tiJvcJat::y PlIo will bepn:Mdeclia 
the various COIIII11iaee meetinp aDd new JepIIdon inIJo. 
ducedbefore theCaliforniaSlate Lqi"-ftwDI bepael" 
bySlaffro!be variouscomrniaees forpriorilization lDdacdoa 
approval. 

The Board ofDireclon will a1soselea two finIIisIs farllle 
California J>ostsecondmy Education Commillion's ...... 
commissioner. The ftoII.iaII will be senllO the aowmor's 
office wbere the pemCJr wiD appoint two IIUdent conais-
sioners from the five IepIeIlII or bigher edllCIIIioa 

Special worbhops wiD be held OIl !be budpt and OIl 
UCSA 0I'pIliDd0nIl deYClOPiUtll't. OIlIer IICIivitiel cbina 
the weeltendiDcludelbestatewidemeednpofUCSAcaatpIJ 
office direcIOn and meednp oflbe Council OIl A ...... l!ic 
Affairs and the Council OIl SIUdeat Fees. 

NeVI) IN t)f\IH 
Annual ChlcanolLatlno ConaortIum 
To be Hosted by UCSD this Month 

The founh annual University of California Oticano and 
Latino convocation will be held Feb. 16-17. at UCSD. with 
approximately 350 persom from the nine campuses expected 
lOanend. 

The theme for the event is "Empowennent: Seize the 

WEEKEND WEATHER WATCH 

Source: WNbur Shigehara. 
National Weather 5eMce 
Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Poway 
78-77-76 

Dry and sunny 
throughout the 

weekend with 
high clouds 

Saturday .. nnl_ 
Sunday. 

Average temperature 
for sea/air is 
62 degrees. 

Surf 
(Feet) 
3 

Period 
(Seconds) 
12 

Swell 
Direction 

NW 

Surfing conditions: 

GOOD 

Thunday, February 7,1991 

~."1bekeyDJle"'wiJlbeRadYzaauim:, 
preaide:d,NIIioaaI CoUDcilofLaRaza. OIberpresenlal 
wiD iDcludas.. AIIIIDbIymaD Petera.:on.. 

Tbe ewat will oft'u !be UC Odcano IDd LaIino 
00I!!IJIUDitieI ... opportuDi&y to ideaIifY IDd examine 
iuuea • wen. develop action plans for improvina !be 
'CIII •• h, rAQicMo and I..aIiDo f1IcuIty. staff.1Dd 
...... UCC""lpUa 

Hal*-WOI..,.. wiD beoft'eRd durins dnec:oo-
CUIftd WCIbbap _sioat TopicI will include "CopiDa 
wiIb ...... CuIIuIaI HeriIqe. ""CeasusResuka: 1mpIi-
CIIioaI .. CriIiqueI.w IIDd '"BuyiDJ Power: PMlOOIF 
... BoyaJII Dllci.b ...... well ........ caDaIJo. 
IIIiaa. ....... 1Dd people power. 
1bInt Colageto Hold A18I ....... 
In CUIUaI DIu.1IIy Ucln Sartll 

Third CoIIep wiD bold die ... in a series of IecIures 
GIl c:ulIunI divenity al 7 p.m. on Feb. ~ allbe UCSD 
FIcully Cub. The free public Ieccan wiD be liven by Dr. 
...... Ibe, dinIc:r« of the UQ.A WritiDa Pmpan 
... auIbor of Lil1u 011 the Ilou1ttIorks. a critically ac-
clainwl book on abe saugIes and 8Cbievements ~ 
America's urxterc-. 

All auIbariIy CIIllileaw::y policy and practice. Rose, in 
addinc.toowneeia&UOA 's WriliDaPaOjiiiD. teacbes 
counea in QI"lIPC"ilioo theory • .-.dI. pedIaoJy.1DII 
IiIInIure. iDee abo holds • PhD. in Educ:IIioaal Ply-
cboIosY IIId ('nonwliPl.1IDd has worked as a couaseIor 
anddinical c:onsultant in spec:iaI educIIioo prop ...... 

UCSD A.I.D .. S. Awe ....... Week 
To be Held From Feb. 11-15 

A.LD.s. Awanuss Week. sponsared to raise student 
aWllaleSS about die epidemic. allows "udenn several 
opporIIIaideI to learn about the HIV vbus aod ALD.s. 
Ifi&bligbts ol1be Awmoess Week are: 

• MoodIly - cbaIk sbtIdows of bodies wiD be drawn 
aD OYerCBpUIlIC«Jillpldied by HlV/A.LD.s. statistics. 

• Tuesday - 'Ibm will be a panel preseuraaiclo at 
DOOIl ioGallery A of the Pric:eCenter.1be di,.-ussion will 
focus on fUV antibody testing and bow 1be issues of 
testing ftIlIIIe to the campus popolatioo. 

o Wednesday - Al8 pm. at the Price CederTheater 
abe movie '1.oogtime Campenion" wiD be shown, fol-
10wed by a candleJiabr bibute to people wbb A.LD.s. 

o Thursday - Condom Games 011 !be Plaza. 
• Friday-A "CanoedFood forCoodoms" drivewiU 

be held at the Price Center. 

GThtUCSD DAR DIAN 
"... GRUEN, EdItor ., CNet 
ROBIN MACUAN, "'lIIgItw EdItor 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0pHcIn EIMor 
l.ES BRUVOLD, .~ SpotW EdItor 
JAMES COWER, o.Ign EtIIIar 
GREG DIXON, Auoc:Met 0p0hI0n EdItor 
Bl.L DOWlER, Cclpy EdIor 
MEl.N)A HAMLTON, ....... ,..,. EdItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD. A .... ,..,. EdItor 
LARA HEISlER, ~Ata &aar 
HEATHER HOlTZClAW, AIIGaIII $Iotf8 EtIIttK 
CHRISl1NA HUIZAR, AMociIaf AIfs EdItor 
PETER KO, SPGrr. EdIIDr 
JENNIFER KOLsKY, PItoItJ EdItor 
KENT KORZON, .~ Copy EdItor 
LENG LOH, Atf&6,..,,..., .. ,, EdItor 
MEL MARCELO, Auoc:Met GIwphk:a EdIIDr 
SAHGEETA MEHTA, A~ ~ EdItor 
BRIAN MORRIS, ~ Phofo EdItor 
JUUE PUZON, ,..,. EdIIor 
JEFF QUAN, GnIpIrIt2 EdIIor 
JASON SNELL, '*- EdIIor 
RIIAS UZGlRlS, PtroID EdItDr 
JEfFREY Y AMAQU(8, Auoc:IaI ,.",.. EdItor 
JENNIFER YNtCEY. ~ EdItor 

Thursday,February7,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

New Medical School and Theater 
Building Projects Near Completion 
• Mandell Weiss Forum Theater will open in April 
By AIy ... Enlow 

~" Writ" 
In response to UCSO's increas-

ing growth. !he university is nearing 
completion of several campus con-
struction projects. i~luding two 
additions to the medical school and 
a new theater . 

The Mandell Weiss Forum 
1lleater will be located next to the 
Mandell Weiss Center for the Per-
forming Arts. south of Galbraith 
Hall and is slated to open in April. 

According to Mandell Weiss 
Forum TheaterProject Managerand 
Senior Architect John Sturla, the 
new [healer will replace of the old 
Warren Theater. which is slated for 
demolition. He explained that the 
Warren 11leater's seating was too 
1irnitedandrhatthere was OOlenough 
parking nearby. 

The new Mandell Weiss Forum Theater, opening in April, (above) 
and the Clinical Sciences Building (below), slated to open Sept. 1. 

Sturlasaidthat the Mandell Weiss 
Forum Theater will hold 400 people. 
and will share parking space with 
Mandell Weiss Center. forpurposes 
of convenience. It will contain an 
open thrust stage. similar to that of 
the Warren Theater. as opposed to 
the traditional curtained-off stage. 

Unlike the Warren Theater, 
however, thearchitectureon the new 
building will make it very distinc-
tive. The focal point, according to 
Sturla. is a "unique glass wall" that 
will be placed in front of the build-
ing. It will be a free-standing, re-
flective wall through which visitors 
will enter the theater. 

After guests cross through the 
opening. they will proceed up a ramp 
into the main structure. From there, 
they will be able to see over the wall 
outside to observe the other people 
entering. The purpose of this inno-
vativearchitecture. Sturta explains, 
is to create "the idea offantasy and 
illusion going into the theater." 

One of !he two medical school 
projects. the Clinical Sciences 

Building. will provide new space 
for the graduate school. It will be 
located on the main part of the 
medical school campus. al the cor-
nerofGilman Dr. and Villa La JoUa 
Drive. Completion of the building is 
tentatively scheduled for Sept. 1. 

According to Ruth Covell. asso-
ciatedean oflhemedica1 school, the 

Calvin and Hobbes 

\bR"IQ~ INt>\t~ ~ ON 
ITS ~~~~li I'f;)IJ ING-
IJI'f'tR J1>.W ~ ~ 
I'IllllW' IA-E OC'fIN lIS 
FRI('IO GIJLLH! R\JN 

RlIl. '101lR l\ >E ! 

new building wi11 contain research 
space and office space for medical 
school faculty. In particular. she said, 
it will house the Rose and Sam Stein 
Institute for Research on Aging, and 
will provide "state-of-the-art facili-
ties" for A.1.0.S. research. 

In addition, Covell staled that 
See BUILDINGS. Page 8 

by Bill Watterson 

Parly on our patio 

NEWS 3 

Thursdays 
is 

UCSDNITE 
G e , at la S 

$250 Pitchers 
$ 500 12" Pizzas 

wI one topping 
Must ho .. UCSD to 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 

SPEND A DOLLAR! 
Tell a friend. Alen the media, use Ihe Guardian Valenline personals 
(appearing-when else- on Feb 14) 10 make your innenno I feelings 
public. Look for Ihe Guardian booth or visil our office. 

For your Costa 
convenience Verde 
call ahead Center 
455-7229 west of UTe 

"Best Mexican food In San Diego" - KFMB·1V. Channel 8 

Make Us Your 
Hang Out Place! 

1 00/. OFF* uy repl.v priced menu Item. uytlme. 10 lust present your UCSD 10. , 
·Not YII~ .. " Illy _ """ .. opoQaI. 

---------Ir---------I Save up to $625 1 Save over $1 00 1 
1 1 I 
1 2 for t 1 Burrito Grande I 
1 En)oy one complimentary menu Item 1 RIce. blad< beans. lettuce. guacamole. I 
1 when a second menu Item 01 1 Cheese:. sour cream. salsa and (Nne asada 1 equal or greater value Is & or chldcen In a flour tortilla ~ 
I purchased. I &. soft drlnk $399 I 
I NotlllNdwithony_.".".'IJOciII. 'k~":"j '1 Not'-""'''ony __ .. opoQaI. 'k~1 
LEIp·2I2M1 ~ • e..p.2I2&9t ~.J 
---------~ -------';'''-



4 OPINION 

COMMENTARY 

~PUPPETS 
STRIKE 
• In the immoral world of foreign policy, 
the U.S. is discovering that 'loyalty' is 
not in the vocabulary of dictators 
By Greg Knauss 
Contributing Opinion Wnter 

Political morality is a rare thing. II certainly isn't 
often present in U.S. foreign policy. 

Pmgmalbm. as a rule. is the only criterion u ed 
when the United St:ttes choose ' its friends. Bureaucmts 
in the tate Department weigh "Option A" against 
"Option B." seemingly wi thout regard for the morality 
of either choice. TIle re~ul t i an uneven philosophy 
that allows us to be in alliance with, say. the model 
democratic Canadians and the merciles . totali tarian 
Chine e at the same time. 

Over the years, the U .. has often ignored the civil 
and human rights abuse of many of its all ies. e pe-
cially in the Third World. Brutal dictators function with 
offi ial U.S. approval. as long as they keep their I al 
communist insurgencies at bay. In the cold. hard reality 
of gco-po litica l competition, free election , due 
proces~. and moral legi timacy all seem to be luxuries 
that the United States can not afford to demand of its 
friend . 

The partners of thi policy are les than specta ular: 
Marco. . oriega. Saddam. and a dozen others -
hardly a group of people that you would want to ' it 
next to on the bus. But each receivc.:d the comfort and 
support of the government of the United States. Not 
something. I'd like to think, to which Mother Teresa 
would approve. 

But. the argument i made, morality i not the point. 
The world is a cut-throat place, and all iance with 
dictators, while distasteful. are necessary. Moral 
concern is al l well and good when it can be afforded, 
but the bottom line demands practicali ty - the U.S. 
needs loyal friends abroad. 

OK. 
However, recent event - both the invasion o f 

Panama and the war with Iraq - seem to have 
disproven this Machiavellian notion. Our "friends" are 
now defying u ,and the me y failure of the U.S. 
State Department have been passed on to the U.S. 
military. at a cost of billions of dollars and an as yet 
unknown number of lives. 

Simply put, loyalty is not the nature of dictators. A 
dictator will do whatever he deem to be in hi best 
interest, and to expect that hi interest will include 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

loyalty to the U nited States is not only illy , but naive. 
Former Panamanian dic ta tor Manuel Noriega, when it 

su ited him. openly defied the government that had him 
o n it payroll fo r over 30 years. Saddam Hussein, a 
friend whom we tru ted enough to sell c hemical weapons 
technology. abandoned hi ties to the U .S . and charged 
into Kuwait when he thought it expedient. 

There i more than a litt le irony in the fact that the two 
biggest foreign policy decisions of the Bush Administrn-
tion - Operatio n Just Cause and Operation Desert 
Storm - have gone a long way towards killing the 
notion of "prac tical," amoral alliances w ith despots - a 
m ajor totem of the Reagan State Department. 

COMMENTARY 

Tbursday,February7,1991 

Mere Uptergrove/Guardian 
What it comes down to is thi s: The conventional 

wisdom is that morality is not often practical, and 
practicality is aImo t never moral. lbat, however, is 
wrong. 

The lessons of Panama and Iraq should be that the 
moral option is the practical option. Dictators as 
unpredictable and potentially deadly as Noriega and 
Hussein should not be supponed by the U.S. govern-
ment, both because they are brutal, immoral thugs and 
because they do not serve our practical, realpolitik 
foreign interests. 

The last thing the U.S. needs to do is to create more 
puppets that will tum against it. 

For One Student, Education Abroad Is Hell on Earth 
By Patricia JeHle 
Senior Staff Writer 

The essence of Britain's student li fe cannot be con· 
veyed to you here, o n the wri tten page. Forthat you must 
wait everal weeks into the term. when the loan money 
has been pent, the c redit cards maxed, and your groin 
has become the local lice hostel. 

Leaving the tate for a year always seemed like such 
a brill iant idea. until it came time to board the plane. Up 
to that point. everyone became a Europhile, expounding 
the benefit of spending time abroad. 

"You peak the a rne language. 0 you won ' t have 
any d ifficulty adj usting to the culture." 

hEAP is always there for you." 

" You' ll ble nd in with the natives, no problem. Just 
wear lots of Laura Ashley." 

" Don't burde n yourself with too much luggage. It' l\ be 
cheaperto buy it there," 

Crap. crap, and utter bullshit. The best advice for 
students is to fill their pockets with large quantit ies of 
liquid cash. Greenbacks. Ac tually. with the current nose-
dive of the dolla r, added to the exorbitant "pcrsonal Maui 
fund" conversion charge banks glibly stick you with, it 
wo uld be wiser to accept o nly British s terl ing. It m ight 
force the parents to put a second mortgage on the house, 
but hey, the bills are more colorful. It 's easier to pay the 
poll tax, police registration fee , and the housing depos it if 
you pretend it's only Monopoly money. With foreign 

currency and prices , ignorance is truly bliss . 
Every stereotype about England is true. It 's a grey 

and depressing country. There is something inherently 
wrong when weather forecasts predict weeks of "sunny, 
with showers." A "breIly" is not so much a practical 
neees i ty as a phallic fashion statement. 

And spcakingofpenises ... reserved British attitudes 
about appearances are not rooted in prudence. Why do 
young, nubile women wear thick wool tights under-
neath c rushed-velvet hotpants? Modesty? No. How 
about sexual reverse psychology, or "the less you show, 
the more the'y want" approach? Not quite. Perhaps it is 
due to the fact that it is so fucking cold in this country 

See HELL, Page 12 

Thursday, February 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

TG Beer Ban Is Outrageous 
. Editor: 

I am appalled by the idea of an 
investigation into the legality of 
TGs. TGs are among the only 
unifying events on the UCSD 
campus. They provide a casual at-
mosphere for students to congre-
gate and enjoy Friday afternoons. I 
realize that in the light of war. it is 
undesirable to have any great 
congregation of students. The fear 
of protest must be ruMing strong 
in the minds of the administration. 
yet to provide no recreational outlet 
for students would be more dan-
gerous. Protest only stems from 
passion. Without an outlet, pas-
sion is apt to build. If a protest is to 
take place. it will take place with or 
without TGs. TGs cannot be used 
as the sacrificial Iamb. 

The question of serving alco-
holic beverages on campus has 
been an issue debated throughout 
my undergraduatecarccrat UCSD, 
and probably longer. First, we were 
told that with the construction of 
the Price Center that our Triton 
Pub would be closed. This was 
then justified by telling the students 
that it was illegal 10 serve alcoholic 
beverages in more than one loca-
tion on campus. However, we now 
learn that the "rule" never existed, 
and that it was a financial problem 
of outbidding that closed our pub. 

Now Police Chief Anderson has 
conducted an investigation into the 
legality ofTGs. He has concluded, 
or so I've been told by my Associ-
ated Students source, that TGs are 
legal as long as they are confined 
to an area in which entrance is 
restricted to UCSD students and 
their guests. 

To what extreme must we go to 
keep our TGs alive? First, we had 
to submit to wristbands plus 
handstamps. Now must we submit 
to imprisoning the student popu-
lation in a confined area? 

I believe that the question here 
is not the legality of the whole 
situation, but who holds power at 
UCSD. It seems that Police Chief 
Anderson who opposed TGs and 
wished to do away with them (or 
rather make it so difficult to abide 
by all the rules, that students throw 
in the towel and give up the quest 
forTGs) holds all the power. Is this 
Anderson ' s campus or a campus 
for the students? We are 15,000 
people and he is one. So, he holds 
the power and wishes to not make 
the extra effort that TGs "require" 
to ensure that they are safe for all. 
To abolish TGs would make his 
job much easier. 

Let' s just take a minute to re-
member the real purpose for which 
UCSD was established: as an un-
dergraduate institution, and not as 
employment for staff, faculty, ad-
ministration, and law enforcement 
officers. Somehow. somewhere, 
this has been forgotten. It 's time to 
listen to the students and their de-
sires. Without TGs students wiu 
seck other, perhaps more danger-
ous sources of obtaining alcohol; 
besides students are limited to a 
maximum of three drinks and -
one can hardly become unruly on 
that. 

Alcohol is an excuse to end 
TGs when, in faer, it is not the 
problem - the police chiers de-
sire for an easier job is. For if it is 
truly the alcohol that is at the root 
of this debate, may I never see any 

of them at a cocktail party. 
TGs on the gym steps are tra-

dition. To move them to a new 
location- especially the proposed 
antiseptic environment of the Price 
Center - would be a grave mis-
take. I feel the location of TGs is 
not the problem. Perhaps the prob-
lem is Police Chief Anderson 
himself. If he can ' t prov ide the 
services we require, let' s get 
someone who can. 

Andrea Alpinieri 

Koala Editors 
Respond to Recent 
Issue Controversy 
Editor: 

We knew that the Wu/dy World 
Koala was going to be a good 
issue, but the pandemonium that is 
surrounding it has really become 
laughable. 

Has the Koala been censored? 
Has it been threatened with a 
lawsuit? Will their funding be cut? 
Is the Koala a cesspool seething 
with racism and sexism? And most 
importantly, is theKoala staff made 
up of a bunch of comic wannabes, 
who, when placed with its back 
against the wall, is the first to fall to 
its knees begging for mercy? 

As the ones in charge, with the 
view to sec all the parties involved 
in this conflict, we're the most 
qualified to answer those ques-
tions. So are we going to? No. As 
far as we're concerned, th is s itua-
tion is so full of bogus crap that it 
is hardly worth mentioning. Be-
sides, to answer those questions, 
we'd have to name names, and -
as you well know - the Koala is 
above stepping on anyone's toes. 

So why did we pull the issue? 
Because we have no balls! No, 
actually the decision was made by 
Per Caroe who. as the Koala's 
manager, is our liaison with the 
A.S . He heard the complaints, 
spoke with the many offended par-
ties and saw pulling the issue as a 
quick solution to a problem that 
could have gotten out of hand. 

But now that we have had time 
to slow down and think about it, a 
lUXUry not available to us with 
threats of a lawsuit looming over 
our heads, we've agreed that pull-
ing the issue was a mistake -
as was later pointed out to us by 
the Gwrdian. In the future, we'll 
be sure to consult the Guardian's 
ample legal services before mak-
ing any such decisions again. 

Even though the decision may 
have been rash and hastily made, 
we still stand behind Per. In fact, 
we stand behind him every time 
someone tells us we shouldn 'I have 
pulled the issue, just so we can 
kick him in the ass. 

If we hadn't pulled the issue, all 
of this would have gone unnoticed. 
Basically, we would have been 
scolded by the administration, and 
the next Koala would have been a 

little more restrained. But that's 
not what happened, and the 
Guardian, lacking something bet-
ter to report, like a war, gave the 
situation much more coverage than 
we think it deserVed. More cover-
age and more pUblicity. 

So now the Koala has entered a 
club that has been reserved for the 
likes of Madonna, Salman Rushdie. 
2 Live Crew , and Robert 
Mapplethorpe.lt's fuMythatwhen 
something becomes associated 
with censo rship, it immediate ly 
receives more attention than it ever 
could have gotten under normal 
circumstances. To us, it 's just an-
other feather in our cap. 

We still don ' t know if we are 
going to be sued - the jury i s till 
out on that one. But we aren' t overly 
concemcd, because we believe they 
don' t have a legal leg to stand on. 
Of course we could be wrong, and 
get our pants s ued off. Either way, 
the subject is closed for us. It 's up 
to those who were offended to make 
thenextmove, becausewe'vedone 
all that we are going to do in the 
way of apologizing. 

As for talks about future meet-
ings with Mr. Tucker and Mr. 
Watson, if they wish to talk with 
us, we will be willing to meet with 
them anddiseuss any concerns they 
may have. But all that we are 
planning to tell them is that we are 
sony that some people were of-
fended by the last issue, but we are 
not sony for running it. 

In the immortal words of Steve 
Martin, "Comedy is not pretty." If 
we were to apologize for running 
the issue, and the art icles in it, 
we'd be giving in to censorship. 
And before long, we 'd be going to 
them and asking them for permis-
sion to write an article or run an 
issue. 

We knew that we were going to 
be fielding a lot of complaints on 
this issue- to say otherwise would 
be lying. Complaints from the 
Women's Resource Center were a 
given. So was the call from EDNA 
complaining about the number of 
calls it was receiving for the fake 
Faith No More ad. And we ' re sorry 
if there is no tasteful way to say, 
"Tommy Tucker is a lard-ass" (No 
malice intended). But the one 
complaint that took us totally by 
surprise was the labeling of that 
throw-away Joe Watson piece as 
racist. 

From what we' ve been able to 
piece together, some people viewed 
the Joe Watson article as racist 
because it implied that a black 
man's semen is darker and more 
effective as a sun block than a 
white man 's semen. Say what? !? 
As we see it, it takes a pretty twisted 
mind to think like that. The fact is, 
when the article was written, Joe 
Watson was the only "big name" 
administrator that we hadn't used. 
Besides, "Joc" and "jism" make 
for great alliteration. 

As for us, we've begun work on 
the next Koala, and that's where 
we ')] be until our office is fire-
bombed. Look for the next issue 
coming out around Feb. ] 8. And 
be sure not to miss the article about 
Nick Aguilar's bout with 
Pinnoehioism, as a puppet who 
wishes he were a man. 

Gregory Huffstutter 
Gregory Waypa 

KOGItI Co-Editon 

OPINION 5 

• __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR •• _ 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VN and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

' M.JsI ",._t coupon and VOid UCSO 10 olllrne of esllmol.· I ia: , ~'-•• -:~~"--- RSC 
II CD /450 94941 '-,.""~. I E _ ,,·O>'u_<, I 

About Us; " They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

-------- ._---------

Valentine's SpeeiaI§ 
.... 

Chocolate 
and more 
~~~~chocolate 

... Imported Candy & Truffles 
" We Have the Best Selection of " 

• Everything for Your Valentine: 
Cards, Gifts, Chocolate, " 

Champagne & Custom Gift Baskets 

r--------------------, 
I TUNE-UP SPECIAL I 
: Regularly $3000 Now $2495 with coupon : 
I tncludH: true whMII, 8dJust brake., ,.ars, hubl headMt end bottom I 

brac:ket, c:hec:k a 1nfIat. tires, and lubrlc:atJon. Exp. 3/7/91 

--------------------

University City Cyclery 
3246 Governor Dr. San Diego 

452-8842 
Authorized Sales and Service 
Diamond Back.GT-Miyata-Trek 

IUCSDI N • 

~------+-52 

1-5 



6 PHOTO 

o 
en 
en 
w 
a: 
c.. 
>< w 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 7, 1991 

ESSAY 
BY JENNIFER VANN 

Thunday, February 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

IRAAC: Committee Emphasizes Input, Student Leaders Stress Funding 
Continued from pIIge 1 Despite Sweet's hope that the on a ballot. motion would give the program more ''The only way we're going to 

1luoughout the ITICding, boCh remarks would not focus upon the Marquardt said. however, that it media exposure. get to that upper echelon is to go 
Marquardt and Sweet sttesscd the fWlding of a Division II move, it was her understanding "that any "It's a shame we don't get any forward," he said. 
importance of eliciting student re- only took a few minutes for some- new fee requires a referendum." coverage for what we do," Elston "The finalconcem was addressed 
sponses. body to address the issue directly GSA President Daved Fremont, said, pointing out that the local by a member of the fencing team, 

"It is more important for us to when UniversityCcnICr BoardOlair echoing a primary concern ofTucs- newspapers tend to neglect UCSD who wondered if the "more popu-
hearfrom(thestudallS],"Marquardl Nick Long said that "the problem day night's GSA meeting, asked if a sports. lar" ports - like basketball -
said. "Whalwereallywanttohearis the A.S. has is financcs." move to Division II would cause a Rodney Lusain, Warren College would be favored over the "less 
if you like things the way they are, Revelle College senior Senator decline in intramural sports partici- freshman and another member of popular" sports. 
and where you think we should be in Aimee Dumas predicted that the pation. Sweet speculated that she the men's basketball team, indicated "My personal opinion i not to 
the next 10,20, ... SO~." "focus will be on fccs" once the A.S. did not think anything would change thalajumpindivisional statuswould change that," Sweet said. hI would 

Sweet, an ex-officio member of begins discussion on the maner. in that respect. put UCSD into an "upper echelon." hope the univen;ity feels that way as 
IRAAC,poin!ed out that it "is more Sweetsaidthattheissueofmoney Fremont 1atertold the Guardian He explained that when he was in well." 
important to lei the campus that the GSA had taken an ] 8- high school,fe\low students admired IRAAC will be hosting a forum 
decide, and not let scxnebody 0-2 vote against a Division II those who were plWlDing to attend for UCSD faculty and staff next 
else do it for you." "The only way we're going move at its meeting on Tucs- UCLA or UC Beneeley, but could Wednesday at 4:30 p.m. in Warren 

She also explained that the to get to that upper echelon clay, but indicated that the care less about the fact that he was Lecture Hall 200 I. Marquardt said 
easiest way to teU the differ- is to go forward," committee will discuss the is- going to attend UCSD. that students are welcome to attend. 
ence between Division m and sue further. 
Division II is that Division m - Rodney Lusaln The forum's first round of 
does not permit athletic sclJol- Wanen College Freshman applause occurred when Ttm 
arships, but Division II does. Rapp, a member of UCSD's 

Sweet's and Marquardt'S is "a concemofours too. We did not men'sbasketbalJteam,saidthat"as 
speeches were followed by an open- want to give the impression that it is a student, it is unrealistic to have the 
microphone session featuring the not our concern." university growing, and 10 keep the 
panicipllionofI2ditl'aattstudents, A.S. ~identJohnEdson, who [athletic program) atastandstiU ... I 
not including members of the com- spoke first, wondered if it would be think. we should move up." 

Grads Fund Plan to Reopen Pub, 
Delay Vote on Gulf War Stance 

mince. Seven of those students beneficial to put the question of a SwcelsaidthatUCSDisnowthe 
stressed a need for the divisional divisional move to the student body fourth largest Division m school in 
advancement,citingUCSD'sover- as part of the "spring ballot,"adding termS of student population in the 
wbelmini size, increased opportu- thaa the Graduate Student Associa- country. and that when the popula-
nities forpublicity, and an improve- tion (GSA) had already taken a lion increases to 26,000 by the year 
mentinschoolspiritEacbspccchin stance against the move. 2005, as estimated, "we will , with-
favor of the move was followed by Both Swcet and Marquardt, outquestion,bethelargestschoolin 
a round of applause from members however, expressed concern about Division m." 
of the audience. bringing the issue to a student vote, She explained that this large size, 

The other five speakers - four commooIy known as a referenda combined with UCSD's overall 
ofwbom are memben ofUCSD's question. athletic excellence, has caused 
studentaovemrnent didnotindi- "We'd prefer !hili we do every- scheduling problems. 
cate opposition to the move in their thina we can to gel diaIope going A different angJe was proposed 
spcccbea,butnliacdqueationsraog- [onlbeissuel,"SweetSlid,expreIS- by Craig Elston, a broadcastrr for 
ing from fwxIins to the potential ing te.rdllt the issue couJd be nUs- campus radio station KSDT, wilen 
impact on the inuamural progrEL understood if it is merely aqUCltion he explained thai a divisional pro-

ALL POLO 
FRAMES 
ON SALE $10500 

By ....... BIM:kbum 
StJtIIKWrw 

The UCSD Graduate Student 
A~(OSA)~ro 
alJocare $20,000 10 the Univer-
sity CeoIa Board's (UCB) pro-
poeals tolt!OpCD the Triton Pub at 
its Tucaday meeting. 

1bcfwlding willbec:ontingent 
upon abe UCR's approval of the 
pub proposals at its meeting on 
Moaday. 

AcCOnliDl to GSA Vice 
Praidcot IDIemal Doug Wallen, 
Ibe GIJPOItIIIIiay to haw the pub 

~ II 01 "cwerwbeImioa 
coacem to Ibe OSA. .. 

AInoaaodler--dIICUSIed 

at the GSA meedng was a draft 
proposal 00 the Middle East 
conflict. The proposal states thal 
the GSA opposes the war in the 
gulf and supports a peaceful s0-
lution. 

In addition, the proposal calls 
upon the United States govcm-
menttopursuediplomaticmeans 
to end the war. 

Thedraftproposal. whichwas 
supposed to be voted OIl Tues-
day, was postpolled until the next 
GSA meeting in two weeks in 
Older to sive mpresenl8lives the 
opportunity to discuss the policy 
wilblbeirc:onsdlueotsandgather 
opinionL 

r-----------, 1200/0 OFF I 
I A SECOND PAIR Of CONTACT LENSES I OR BACKUP GlASSES wtEN PUR-

Domino's Pizza asks ... 
I CHASED WITH A PAIR Of CONTACTS. I (OIIIr __ ~11 L __________ .J 

ASK ABOUT OUR NO-WAIT 
REPLACEMENTS STARTING 
AS LOW AS $19 PER LENS 

L WE NOW HAVE DISPOSABLE _ CONTACT LENSES 
vlSloncare 

8780 .,..., ReI. 
1'/, mill ... 1111105 bItind Carra Jr. 

578-8796 
~ ...... 
« 1 * --

---

"How fresh can a pizza be 
if it isn't delivered within 

...... ® 30 minutes or less?" 
,.-------------, I FEBRUARY SPECIAL I 
I $ 799 Large I I ~UI'" Pepperoni I 
I I I Get a Large ORIGINAL cheese pizza with pepperoni I 
I forONL Y$7.99, plus tax. Good on Delivery orCarryout. I Offer valid Feb. 4th thru Mardi 10th only please. 
I JUST ASK. No coupon required. I 
I _ .......... -..., ... _ ..... - II I 
I .... _..,""._,.,._....... I 

...... o..r--.--~ . I 0._..., ...... _0._.... .. ® I 

.... .... - ~"01t1. 
L _____________ -I 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 
HOURS: 
11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

II. 
IT'S TIME fOR DOMINO'S PIZZA 



8 NEWS 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

LSAT 
GMAT 

GRE 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

( 619)695-9952 
Classes start Feb. 9 for GMAT 

Music For Your Eyes. 

U2 LASERIUM 
What happens when you mix krypton and argon laser with 
'om of 2', grcale t hilS? YOli get 
an incredible laser-light experience. 
Wi call it 2 Laserium. You'll call it 
awe me. Call 238-1168 for how-
time . Then come by for an eyeful. ;::':0=::::::::':" 

The UCSD Guardian Tbuncby, February 7, 1991 

WEDNESDAY S ASSOCIATED STUDENTS MEETING IN BRIEF 

• Karen Fraz.er. 10 the Academic Senate Commitllle on Academic Freedom 
• Jennifer J-. 10 the Academic Senue Commitllle on Admissions 
• Mamiequa Maon. 10 !he ACIIdemic SeIl8le Comminee on AlfinnMive Action 
• Jay Sleipr. 10 !he AQdemic SenIle CommIaee on c.mpus IIId Community Environment 
• Juon Ellis. 10 !he Academic SenIle Commi_ on EdUI:IIioa AbroIId 
• AnIbony Falzone. 10 !he Academic SeIl8Ie Commiaee on UInry 
• JOICph A. Cruz. 10 die Academic: Serwe Commiaee on PlIIIIIina IIId Buclaet 
• Amy Salyer. 10 die Academic SenIle Commiaee on U~ ~ and Remedial Educ:aJion 
• Paul Wilcoa. 10 die University Center/Fiftb CoIIeF PIIInni .. c.c.nmiaioD 

AJlclQtIoM: 
• SSOO from GenmI UnaIIocaIed 10 Alpha KIppI Alpha Sorority fOl Bobby Se.Ies speIIki .. enpaemenl. Feb. 28. 1991 
• SSOO from GenmI UnaIIocaIed 10 the Kq Commiuee for "In KinI'IImaee" an uibilion 
• S28..52!5 fOl Sun God Fcstivalline irem budfeI 

UDder'wrlte: 
• S2.4OO 10 KSDT fOl the Day of Decency 

TGIF 
Continued from pea- 1 

The event wiD not begin until 6 
p.m., after the bookstore closes, ac-
cording to Edson. He also said 
Tucker may call for a reduction in 
the volwne level 10 accommodate 
those working in the area. 

By moving the TG from the gym 
steps, where it has been for the past 
15 years, the A.S. can "make it a 
more festive event," Edson said. 
Inexpensive food may be offered in 
addition to the free alcohol. 

He added that no separate "beer 
garden" fordrinkers will be required, 

since theft is no Iegall'lClCd for one, 
and !be beer will be provided by the 
A.S., not !be BuO's Eye Tavern. 

According 10 Tucker, the feasi-
bility of servins aIcohoIar TGs will 
be dctc:nnined at the Feb. 22 event 
Theeffectson trafficpattemsaround 
the Price Ceruer will be warched, as 
weD as !be effectiveness of security 
measures, the cost of the event, and 
the UJq.:t on those working in the 
area. 

Tudcerernphasized that the Price 
Center arrangements are by no 
means definite at this time, but, 
"there is a desire on several pans to 
try it arleast once." 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

BUILDINGS 
Continued from pegt 3 
pan of the building would be leased 
10 the Veteran's Administration for 
joint V A/mcdica\ school faculty re-
search. 

The other medical school build-
ing, the Shiley Eye Center, is now 
complete and wiD start receiving 
palients in April. 

The center is located on Campus 
Point Drive, on the east side of cam-
pus near Scripps Hospital. The 
structure itself is now complete, and 
the move-in process began last 
Wednesday. 

CoveD said the facility wiD in-
clude outpatient facilities, research 
labs for department faculty, and 
eventually a surgery suite, which 
should be completed this fall. 

M. Boone He11man,assistant vice 
chanceUorof the Facilities, Design, 
and Construction Department, said 
the ophdJalmology center was built 
to replace the old UCSD eye caller. 

Covell explained, "We have an 
internationally renowned eye pr0-
gram that started when !be depan-
ment fanned about seven years ago, 
and it has grossly inadeqU8lespace." 

She went on 10 say that pan of the 
Ophthalmology Department is now 
housed in temporary "modular 
units" and they will be moved into 
the new building. 

LOBBY 
ContInued from pegt 1 
the difficult situation legislators are 
inbecauseofthepoorbudget, which 
must compensate for a $7 billion 
deficiency in revenue. 

"Even those lepleselltalives IDOSI 
concerned with ourpligbt also have 
OIherconcerns. The represc:ntalives 
also expect us 10 do our pan - we 
have 10 realiz.e that it is a bad year," 
Pasternak explained. 

A.S. members argued that a 1arge 
fee increase would limit the "ac-
cessibility, diversity, and quality of 
!be university," byprevc:nting some 
students from being able 10 afford 
tuition, Pasternak said. 

Students who would no longer 
be able to attend the university in the 
evenrof a fee increaseaccompenied 
A.S. members 10 the meetings to 
emphasizle their poia 

The legislaIors alsodiscussed S8 
1645, a SIBle law limiting student 
fee increases 10 10 percent. 

Pasfemalc said the bill was dis-
cussed as "a reminder 10 [!be legis-
laIors] of wlW they thought was 
imponant. " Still, "most legislators 
are probably willins to suspend [S8 
1645]," he said. 

". would not be surprised if 
UCSA's SIanCe would allow for !be 
suspension of S8 1645," he added. 

The A.S. plans 10 continue meet-
ina with \eaislaIors, and 10 impIe-
meat SIUdent outreach propams 10 
involve lCudenIs-al-\Irp inc:ncour-
IIina oppoIition to Wilson's pro-
Jaed fee increue. 

9 FEATURES 
FEATURES 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, February 7, 1991 

BEHIND 

SCENES 
• Play sets contribute to the effect of a performance 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

A spotlight focuses on a polar bear enclo ed in a glass 
case. Or perhaps ghostly, unfathomable shadows panem 

Ihe stage. At the theater, set de ign may leave the audience 
questioning its purpo e, or it may provoke an emolional 

response. 
Aside from the acting, it is the creativity found in lighting, 

props, and backdrops that contributes to the overall effect a 
performance has on its audience. Set designers have the opportu-

nity to create the aura of their choice for the perfonnance. 
"The stage is a place where you can put the subconscious of the 

world," said Amy Shoch, a first-year graduate student working with 
the Theater Department. 

"You have to take what's happening in the play and figure out a 
way ofmeraphorically making it happen in the mindsoftheaudiencc," 
said Neil Patel, another graduate student who is currently de igning 
the set for the play, "The Castle." 

The main cenic requirement for"TheCastle" was thecon truction 
of a castle, which presented a problem for the set designers. 

"On a stage you obviously can't really build a castle, [because) it 
couldn't be done very realistically," Patel explained. "The play take 
place roughly in medieval England, but there were also a lot of 
modem references, so it couldn' t be handled as a period play." 

To solve this specific scenic problem, Patel de igned a set in 
which stage pieces were able to fly in and out. 

"rt begins with nothing except dirt and a platform, and as the play 
progresses, pieces come out and a big melal machine-type structure 
comes out [which) represents the building of the castle," Patel said. 

At one point even a huge blueprint of the castle is lowered. 
"There come all these ideas about some metaphors about building 

and architecture and planning," Patel said. 
"One of the characters is exiled, [giving the play] a more modem 

look," Patel said, describing how at the end of the play, a big iron 
fence is lowered, blocking one of the characters. 

Another objective of scenic design, especially with well-known 
plays, is to create a set that has a little "shock value," according to 
Patel. 

A set needs "a little [something) that is not expected, so it makes 
you think about what's happening, and if you know the play well, it 
should really make you question the way you've always interpreted 

it." he said. 
Not all play ets are specific and consistent; 

orne plays are complelely devoid of specific scene 
changes. 

"If there are no specific references to a certain 
kind of enviroment, it' much more interpretative . . . 
[the setting) can be very abstract," Patel said. 

In the basement of Galbraith Hall is the design studio 
where much of the creativity and ideas on set design take 
place. It can be a long process, however, before ideas 
actually evolve into their final concrele form. 

Fir.>t, there are several meetings between the set designer 
and the director. If there are other designers involved -
perhaps for costuming and lighting - the e groups will also 
meet. 

In the first couple of meetings, the talk is on a generallevel, 
and is cenrered upon how each person feels about the play. 
How well the designer and the director know each other is a 
factor in the level of discu ion. 

"A lot of director. will work with the same designers, and 
it'seasierto agree if you know each other beforehand . You' ll 
know what each is going for," Patel explained. 

" It 's generally a collaborative thing, and that's why I'm in 
theate r now - I like to work with other people." Shoch added. 

Brain torming with others generates productive resu lts, as 
many ideas are exchanged between the stage manager and 
various de igners, the playwright, and the director. 

"Sometimes the best things that happen are accidents," 
Shoch said. 

"I like to have time to stew and think about it. If you have 
two to three months to develop your ideas, it gives you time to 
have lots of initial ideas and eliminate the bad ones, to see why 
they're bad and to continue with the good ones," Patel said. 

"In any kind of art, you ' re slarting on this path thaI 's 
ultimately going to be on stage; it's going to be finished . 
However, along that way I'm always looking for information 
or criticism from others. I like suggeslions to help reform my 
ideas, make them richer and to speak more effectively aboul 
the language of the play," Shoch explained. 

As the designing progresses, the process gets more lechni-
See SETS, Page 10 



10 FEATURES 

SETS 
Continued from pege 8 
cal. 

"I'm the one who has the graphic 
facilil)' to draw people's ideas. I 
could draw it and overlay it with 
some of my ideas. That's my gift 
in the group," Shoch said. 

Rough drawings and models are 
made to visualize the final picture, 
which depends on the designer's 
personal style and preference. 
Many of the schematic designs are 
created in the design studio, where 
wire mesh and painled popsicJe 
sticks comprise some parts of the 
models. Lying about is cardboard, 
cloth, and crepe paper. Splolches 
of paint, tiny figurines, small wood 
hapes, and plaster are manifest to 

the creation of the experimental 
models. 

"You try to create a visual 
comment on [the play]," explained 
Patel. 

Once Ihe the designers agree 
upon the basic appearance of the 
sel, it can finally be built. But the 
metamorphosis of the ideas and 
interpretations does not stop here. 

"It's always changing. Every 
night there's a rehearsal and the 
director comes up and has a new 
way ... to u e one of the piece ." 
Shoch said. 

While designing the et, vari-
ou factors have to be taken into 
consideration, including the acting 
tyle. Some tyle require the actor 

to be clo e to the audience, but 
somelimes the directors decide to 
keep everything fUrlher back. 

"For example, express ioni lic 
acting style don't nece sarily re-
quire proximity to the audience, 

because the effect is more of see-
ing an entire picture," Patel said. 

The manipulation of space is 
often an objective of the scenic 
designer. 

"I like to create space. Some 
designers like to design in a flat 
dimension, a plane," Patel said. 

Different theaters also provide 
different opportunities 10 use 
space. The Mandell Weiss Theater, 
for example, has a "proscenium" 
stage - one with flies and wings. 
The fly space above allows not 
only painted canvas scene sheets 
to be raised and lowered, but also 
tables and chairs. 

There is also a lrap space un-
derneath, which allows for dynamic 
changes. 

Warren Thealer, on the other 
hand, has a "thrust stage, " making 
it very difficult to make set changes. 
The stage is surrounded on three 
sides by the audience, so any 
changes have to be integrated into 
the action of the play. In other 
words, sets must be carried on and 
carried off. 

"Sometimes it's interesting to 
do a play in the Warren Theater 
that you think might need scene 
change ,because you find way to 
make it work on the set," Patel 
said. 

One play that will be performed 
in the Warren Theater i "Deadly 
Calm," which Amy Shoch is de-
signing. This story is about a 
woman who is caught between the 
world ofmonals and the world of 
vampire . In "vampire culture," 
one live for a very long time but 
neither sleep nor eat . 

"Ihavelode ignaplaceforthis 
culture. It 's a very tark pace for 

The UCSD Guardian 

them because they don't rally do 
too much in there," Shoch said. 

Shoch had to design two spaces. 
both indoor and outdoor, which 
she managed 10 do with big arched 
wall units coming IOgethcron staae. 

The walls appear to be deterio-
rating because the vampires have 
been inhabiting this space for a 
long lime. 'The overall size of the 
sel is huge, making the people ap-
pear smaller. 

For the outdoor scenes, a plal-
fonn tracks forward with a metal 
railing. 

"The play lakes place in San 
Francisco, so the design of the rail-
ing is of the Golden Gate Bridge," 
Shoch explained. 

"It's noc real obvious that it is, 
[the Golden Gate Bridge], but the 
iron-bridgework is hopefully 
reminiscent of it. It's noc blatantly 
a bridge, bul it recalls an icy, iron 
feeling," Shoch said. 

She also designed iron fumi-
lure, such as a chandelier, for lhe 
set. Iron was chosen because she 
felt it would give the audience a 
sense of emotional coldness. 

"(Vampire culture] is not a 
wann culture, it's not comfonable, 
and ( try to serve that response, 
creating an emotional value with 
color, form, and light," Shoch said .. 

Sets can also be designed 10 
give the audience a feeling ohime 
transition. For example, in the re-
cent performance of "Twelfth 
Night," the play was to be inter-
preted as taki ng place over several 
time periods, from the Renaissance 
Elizabethan time, to the present. 
To accompli h this, the set was 
designed by Patel to give the im-

See SETS, Page" 

Thunday, February 7, 1991 

VALENTINE'S DAY FLOWER SPECIALS & 

FREE DELIVE~RY 
ROSES 

starting 
as low as 

$28.99 

TRADITIONAL 
Arrangements 

$24.99 
and up 

per dozen 

Student & Senior Discounts 

WORLD WIDE FLOWER DELIVERY 
455-9900 

Toll Free Nationwide 
1-800-882-3323 

"Flowers say it best" 

"We work within your budget" 
1Wo locations to serve you 

La Jolla 
FLOWER 
BASKET 

HEART (' 
Arrangement 

$38.99 

AH:.RJ~~;;ElME:N1·S as low as $4.99 
"My Forever Love" 

Arrangements 

$24.99 
and up 

We specialize in exotic 
arrangements in European 
designs & Balloon bouquets 

ORDER BY PHONE 
& CHARGE IT 

ale _ • 

8657 Villa La Jolla Dr. (La Jolla Village Square Mall) 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 

Prompt delivery 7 day. a week • Open dally 8 LID. to 9 p.m. • Orden mast be placed by Feb. 10 for Free Delivery 

CHOICEi1' 
SATURDAY 
Legendary Ladies of 
Song 
r.7 Veteran of stage, film and 

~ television, Lainie Kazan. 
pays tribute to Judy Garland, 
Billie Holiday, Janis Joplin, and 
others in her one-woman variety 
show, "Legendary Ladies of 
Song." Perfonnance begins at 8 
p.m. at the Poway Center for Ibe 
Pcrfonning Arts, 15498 Espola 
Rd" Poway. Tickets start at $20, 
half-priced for students & 
seniors on the day of the show 
and are available at the center's 
box office (748-0505). 
"The Poston Suite~' 
t;7The San Diego Jazz 

~ Master Series presents the 
Glen Horiuchi Octet perfor-
mance of "The Poston Suite" at 
the S.D. City College Theater, 
1313 12th Ave., downtown. 
Show begins at 8 p.m. Free 
admission. 

SUNDAY 
Festival of African-
American Music ' 
r.]f' Spreckels Organ Society 

~ presents a celebration of 
African-American music. Spiri-
tuals, jazz, music from the stage, 
and gospel music: will be fea-
tured in the festival. Among the 
artists to perform are UCSD's 
own Dr. Cecil Lytle and the 
UCSD Gospel Choir. The 
festivities begin at 2 p.m. at 
Balboa Park. ~ admission. 

SUNDAYTHRU 
TUESDAY 
The World Within 

~In the new film, TM World 
~ Within: C.G. Jung-ln His 
Own Wordr, offers an intimate 
look at the ideas and personality 
ol Carl lung, one of the founders 
ofmodem depth psyclaology. 
The film will SC~ at die Ken 
CiDema (Adams & Terrace) in 
Kensington at S:30, 7:30, & 9:30 
p.m. with Sunday matinees at 
1:30 & 3:30 p.m. Tickets are $6. 

.. 

h . , 
, . 

The Life and Life 
of Bwnpy Johnson 
By Christina Huizar 
Associate Arts & Entertainment Editor 

Down in the bowels of the submerged stage of 
the San Diego Repertory Theatre, the two lives of 
the racketeer Bumpy Johnson are re-enacted. One 
life consisted of a numbers gambler. The other 
strongly believed in the arts, that is the Harlem 
renaissance. However, Director George Ferencz 
emphasizes Johnson's good nature and not the 
fact that he was a Harlem gangster. 

When Johnson came came to New York at the 
age of 14, he had dreams like all other people 
leaving South Carolina in 1919. Like Page H7 

nlur',dd~ f pt)luarv 7 1991 Hl 



2 HIATUS 

Uniwr5ity Town Centre 452-7766 
Flight of .... Intruder Hamlet 

Awakenings LA. Story 
Once Around 

Sleeping With The Enemy 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
G .... nCard 
GocIfa .... r3 

Dances With Wolves 
Home Alone 

283-5909 
Feb. 7 • 9: Tong. Tona 

Feb. 10 - 12: The Wortil Within: C.G. 
Jung In Hi. Own Word. 

Feb. 13: Rouge 
Jliv"rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture ShOw 

IN THE NEWS 
Violent incidents at rock and roll concerts make it increas-

ingly difficult for promoters to book bands whose fans have 
been slated as "dangerous" by the authorities. Nervous promoters 
received yet another reason to be apprehensive when three AC/ 
DC fans were trampled to death during a Jan. 18 concert at the 
Salt Palace in Salt Lake City, Utah. All three were teenagers. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
lRIE-FM, the world's fi rst all-reggae radio station is burning 

up the airwaves in 1amaica. Six months ago, when the seedling 
station first hit Jamaica, it had no idea it would bud into such a 
highly sucessful deal, harvesting 22% of the share of listeners in 
Jamaica. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Atlhe MlDEM convention in Cannes, 25 hours of previously 

unreleased John Lennon material has surfaced. Bruce Bierman, 
head of Marble Hill productions, claims Lennon personally 
gave him a demo at a recording session where Lennon was 
producing a record on which Bierman performed in 1972. The 
demo is rumored to include Lennon playing solo as well as 
Beatie rehearsals and studio outtakes. Bierman hopes to release 
the material pending legal approval . 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
New releases to watch for: A Bob Dylan 70 track, 4 CD box 

set featuring exclusively unreleased material; Book of Love; 
Chicago; The Divinyls; Todd Rundgren; and The Knack (yes, 
they're baaaaack!) By BryM Diu and Dave Unberg 

GAME RENTAlS 
Present this ad with 

the rental of one 
game and receive a 
second game rental 

FREE 
NcM vlliCl on F~. I 511. 

DC FAMILY VIDEO 
3202 Governor Dr. 

University City 455-5205 

t4 
4688 ConYov SI. 

Keny Mesa 
516-8542 

t3 
32nd& Main 
SaIl Diego 
281·9083 

112 
t 800 B Roseaans 

PI. Lorna 
225-0279 

" 34Q~ Nom "-II 
_8883 

• We bag every comic 
• Games & Cards 
• We alief Free Discoun1S 
• In store subscription seMce 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

The UCSD Guardian Tbonday, February 1,1991 

Sugar and Spice and Everything 
Nice - Well, She's Got Spice 
• Queen Ida brings her hot Cajun music to the Price Center this weekend 
ByLengLoh 

~tw EcIfor 
"He uya zydeco ... WIlY of life, but what 
you don't know you cen uk h ......... to 

_ .. OItor ...... " 
Queen Ide & Her Bon Tempe ZydIco Band 

Louisiana is perhaps best known for its hi&bly 
seasoned Cajun food and high-spirited Mardi Gras 
festivities, although thanks to the Neville Brothers, 
its hot musical traditions are slowly making their 
way into mainstream America- Another veteran 
performer of Creole/Cajun music, Ida GuiUory -
better known as Queen Ida - wiU bring her Bon 
Temps Bandwith her self-described "good-time 
music" to IlK: Price Center this Saturday night. 

"Our music has followed a lot of influences from 
different walks of life," Guillory assened in a tele-
phone interview from her Bay Area home prior to 
starting her cUlTCnt West Coast tour. "The base of 
our music is actually Cajun music with waltzes, 
polkas, and tw~steps. However, we also have a 
blues influence, rock and roll , country western, 
Latin America, a IinJe Caribbean ... What we're 
playing today is more contemporary than the music 
that was played under the name zydeco a few years 
ago." 

Queen Ida's updated Cajun sound garnered her a 
Grammy Award forthe On Tour album in 1983,a1ong 
with two other Gramrny nominations in 1980 and 
1984. With the award came further acceptance Qf 
her music - which she says is "neither pop nor 
classical" - in the U.S. music market. Yet, "we 
definitely (were] accepled in Europe before Ameri-
can people brought their mind to saying. 'Hey here's 
another music that's right here in America - and I 
had to hear it coming from Europe,' " she said. 

The reasons, Guillory said, were because "the 
Europeans are open to ethnic music, number one. 
Number two, it's European instruments that are 
doing the lead. And number three. the accordion 
doesn't scare the Europeans at a11 - the Europeans 
have accordion festivals. So therefore they don't 
tum their nose up to it like the Americans have done 
in the past." 

The Bon Temps Band also features the usual 
guitar, bass, saxophone and drums - as well as such 
"foreign-sounding" instruments as the fiddle and 
the rub-board. The useofthe latter, GuiUorysaid, "is 
literally taken from the sound of a washboard. But 
today it's corrugated metal made into a vest, so it can 
easily be carried on the shoulder of the perfonner. 
And then you rub it with spoons or a metal object." 

Zydeco, she explained, is really a "homemade" 
music. As a child growing up on a rice fann in 
Louisiana, Guillory often listened to the adullS play-
ing music for recreation after work in the evenings. 

"Music was always there," Guillory said. 
Although her family moved to San Francisco in the 

1940s, her family kept up its Creole traditions. After 
years of driving a school bus for handicapped children 
and raising her own family, Guillory found herself 
playing the accordion with her brother AI Rapooc's 
band in the mid-1970s. Dubbed "Queen Ida" by a San 
Francisco Chronicle reponer at one event where she 
was Queen of the Mardis Gras. Guillory went on to 
fonn her own band. 

"It's been a family band from the beginning," 
Guillory noted. Today the Bon Temps Band features 
her broIher Wilbert Lewis on rub-board and her son 
Myrick "Freeze" Guillory on accordion, rub-board, 
and vocals. (da's husband Ray Guillory acts as road 
manager, while daughter Ledra helps out on the admin-
istrati ve side. 

''Touring with the family" - as many as 200 nights 
a year-"makes it easier," Guillory remarked. "I think 
that's why (continue to travel as much as I do, because 
I'm not with strangers all the time. I'm with family. 
You can iron out the kinks a lot easier family-wise than 
you can if you had a problem (with an outsider)." But, 
she said with a laugh, "You don't get complaints like 
'Ohma, can't we wait?' from strangers." 

Guillory also carries on family traditions in the 
realm of the kitchen, having just published a Creole 
cookbook based on recipes passed on by her mother. 
"I'm into cooking and music," GuiUory declared. 

See QUEEN IDA, H7 

Thursday, February 1,1991 

Buffalo Tom: Large, 
Furry, and Lots of Fun 
• Alternative band remains down to earth 
By Nalhan Wllaon 
Staff Writ.,-

Like the furry behemoth that 
their narne refers to, Buffalo Tom's 
music comes barrelling at you and 
nearly mows you down before you 
realize that it's actually warm and 
cuddly. 

If this sounds like fun you might 
want to check out Buffalo Tom 
live, although in this day and age, 
live music is a difficult term to 
define. 

Van Morrison, and Tom Waits -
and blast them through I()().wall 
Marshall amp . 

Buffalo Tom formed in 1986 
while the members were attend-
ing the University of Massachu-
setts, Amherst. They are currently 
living out the teenage version of 
the American dream, playing in a 
rock band and touring the U.S. 
and Europe. 

The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

For the MTV generation, live 
music has become synonymous 
with Iip-synched perfonnances 
featuring pyrotechnics, spandex, 
drum machines, and big hair. Buf-
falo Tom has none of these things 
to offer. 

They just released their second 
album entitled Birdbrain which 
rocks, chums, and rumbles its way 
through ten ongs. The distorted, 
feedback guitar wa hes over the 
listener in waves as it rises and 
fall s, held up only by Tom 
Maginnis ' steady rhythms and 
thundering drum fills. 

Buffalo Tom will play in San Diego this weekend. Liquid Sunshine and Helicopter will open the show. 

So what can the averageconcen-
goer expect from a Buffalo Tom 
show? Great music played by ac-
tual musicians who sing with an 
alarming amount of sincerity. 
Buffalo Tom consists of: Bill 
1anovitz on guitar and vocals, Tom 
Maginnis on drums, and Chris 
Colbourne on bass. 

When the band started, all three 
members were guitarists, and still 
Chris plays his bass like a guitar 
and Tom plays his drums like ... a 
guitar." They play traditional mu-
sic with influences like Neil Young, 

The bass lines have a definite 
niche, though they occasionally 
float to the top and provide a 
bouncy background for Janovitz ' 
twisted guitar and rich voice. The 
lyrics are mostly visual collages. 
similar to poetry or experiential 
ramblings. 

The record is produced by J. 
Mascis, the singer and guitarist 
for ultra-heavy guitar heroes Di-
nosaur Jr. Mascis and Janovitz 
met while they were both study-
ing at the University of Massa-
chusetts, Amherst. In a recent 

telephone interview, Janovitz re-
called, "One time Buffalo Tom got 
asked to play some party, and our 
drummer Tom was out in Boston 
so J. sal in on drums. He was a 
drummer first , and he was a really 
heavy drummer, really powerful." 

There is a lack of pretension 
that is refreshing in a time when 
music is mostly about attitude and 
image. 

These guys play music because 
they love it. For a rock band, 
Buffalo Tom seems to have very 
distinctive punk sensibilities. 
Janovitz mentioned that he was 
influenced by the early- '80s punk 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

£~~t%~~[L 
[Q)~~~@[NJ~WJ 
~(Q)~~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
500/0·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds • Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I :.) 
• 

1- r ~.I f lr"l I' 

Itll~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
.. ~ 8250 camino Santa Fe 

l ~-t Miramar, california 
(619)450-3323 

movement. "What that whole era 
did was it said, ' Hey anybody can 
make a record. Forget about this 
whole corporate lock-up on re-
cording - here are a bunch of 
independent labels - go make a 
record for a couple thou and bucks. 
Put it out and people will listen 10 
it. and go and tour and you can play 
to people. ' That is the main lesson 
to be learned from the whole punk 
movement." 

What sets Buffalo Tom apan 
from other groups is their passion 
about the songs, an emotion which 
comes across loud and clear on the 
record. 

It will cerrainly come across 
when they play right in front of 
you wi th their amps "cranked up to 
II " and their guitars in your face. 

They will be playing at the 
Casbah on Feb. 8 with local fa-
vorites Liquid Sunshine and Heli-
copter. 

If you are tired of rock tars 
posing and posturing, then Buf· 
falo Tom offers you three normal 
guys that just happen to kick ass. 

Where : The Casbah, 2012 
Keltner 

When: Friday Feb. 8, 8:30 p.m. 
TIckets: $7 atdoor,nightofshow 

only. 



4 HIATUS 

Sting 
The Soul Cages 
A&M Records 

Sting' fir I album in three 
years, Tlte Soul Cages, is darker and 
nOI nearly as immediately enjoy-
able as his previous solo efforts 
Dream of the Blue TUrlles and 
. . Notlring Like the Sun. Rather 
than taKing a third trip into the 
realm of jazz-influenced pop mu-
ic - saxaphoni st Branford 

Marsalis appears breifly on three 
ongs- the former Police 

band leader has cho en to tum to 
two different tyle~ of music: clas-
sical Spanish guitar and a more 
Police-like rock and roll. 

As on his last album, Sling's 
lyrics are heavy and omewhat 
pretentious. Butlhis time he has an 
excuse - the album i a very self-
conscious reflection on the death 
of Sting's father. References to 
souls, angels, fathers, ships, and 
rivers abound. But while the lyrics 
may be very seriou , the music 
proves that Sting hasn't 10 t any of 
his talent for writing pop songs. 

On first listening, the album 
does not come acro well at all. 
The apparent lack of up-tempo 
songs (except "In This Time." 
"Mad About You," and "The Soul 
Cages") and the wordy lyrics make 
it fecI like omething Ihat wanders 
aimlessly for 45 minutes and then 
collapses. lifeless. 

But the slower song. aren'lIhal 
slow, and excellent drumming by 
Manu Katche (who has aI 0 worked 
with Peter Gabriel and Tears for 
Fears) give the songs a driving 
power thaI save them from be-
coming glorified lullabies. Mean-
while, the up-tempo pop ong are 
better than any Sting has delivered 
since the Police's Synchroniciry in 

The UCSD Guardian 

1984. 
The Soul Cages is extremely 

satisfying, not only because Sting 
provides some more memorable 
"hits," bul because he's managed 
to make an album that's more c0-
herent and cohesive than the rest of 
his worle to date. 11' the sign of a 
perfonner and songwriter who is 
only now reaching the top of his 
form. 

- Jason Snell 

Alex de Grassl 
Deep at Night 
Windham Hili Records 

How can anyone listen to a 
Windham Hill album - pick one 
at random - and not immediately 
like it. It ' hard to imagine anyone 
1101 becoming entranced by the 

beaulY of the music. One could 
even say that Windham Hill is the 
"feel-good" label, and AJex de 
Gras i's Dup al Nighl is no 
different. But think about it. Isn't 
this immediate attraction a sort of 
Achilles' heel? There is nothing 
offered that challenges the sense , 
nothing out of place or the least bit 
off balance. Be that as it may, you 
just have to sit back, close your 
eyes. and let de Grassi and his 
guitar weave the texture of his 
music around your mind. 

De Grassi plays solo and he 
records his music in a manner 
which is the aural equivalent of 
spending hours in front of the 
mirror to get that "fresh-out-of-
bed"look. The music and sound is 
surpri ingly clear, sparse and de-
ceptively simple-sounding. A lot 
of thanks is given by de Grassi to 
Cookie Marcnco, with whom he 
co-produced the album. 

"Mirage"opens up the album in 
a very entrancing way. Like many 
of the great solo guitarists,deGrassi 
is able to make his guitar sound 
like two. A lush, rhythmic picking 
is layering the low end of the track 
while a low, methodical melody 
line i picked acros the top. It is 

ate. 

, . Beat out the Competition this Valentines Day 
WIth some terrific strategy. Just call }OOl' FID' Florist and send the FID Flower 

Basket Bouquet. And to be sure your Valentine gets one, send it a day or two early. 
And she may ask you to stay late. 

Thursday, February 7, 1991 

easy to walk away from songs like 
this thinking, "I can do that!" But it 
is harder than it sounds. 

On other tracks like "Blue 
Trout," the guitar is used in a per-
cussive fashion, hilling the face of 
it to resonate the trings, and on 
"Hidden Voices," a ympitar, 
whatever that is, is used. It sounds 
like a guitar with a droning string 
that re onates at a specific fre-
quency. One wonders why it was 
used at al1, because nothing was 
really added to the song with this 
"twist."Ultimately, as with any 
otherWindham Hill albums, you'll 
either love it or hate it; and this 
doesn't necessarily contradict the 
initial observation. Perhaps the 
middle ground will fill in when 
something more confrontational is 
offered. 

- Rlc:hard Crepeau 

Peter Gabriel 
Shaking the Tree 
Geffen Records 

A long time ago, in 1986,there 
was an album called So. Remem-
ber? Remember the guy who per-
formed it? Peter ... something? 
Gabriel. That's it. 

Since then, Gabriel has put out 
a instrumental soundtrack album 
(the excellent Passion) and one 
single, "Shakin' the Tree" with 
Youssou N'Dour. Now comes the 
new Gabriel album you've all been 
waiting for ... and it's a greatest 
hits package.You get the idea that 
Geffen Records really needed a 
Gabriel release, quick. 

In any event, Shaking the Tree: 
Sixteen Golden Greats is a solid 
sampler of Gabriel's work. It can 
satisfy old-time Gabriel fans with 
an impressive re-recording of 
1977's "Here Comes The Rood," 
as well as are-mix of "Shaking the 
Tree" (which has now, mysteri-
ously, lost its apostrophe and 
gained a 'g'). For those less fa-
miliar, with the album. it includes 
big hits like "Sledgehammer" and 
"Shock the Monkey." 

Beyond his radio hits, though, 
Shalcing the Tree allows those who 
don't know as much about 
Gabriel's less popular (i.e., before 
So) music to discover such amaz-
ing songs as "Family Snapshot." 
"San Jacinto," and "Games With-
out Frontiers." 

Some of the selections, how-
ever, leave me wondering what 
Gabriel was thinking when de-
signing this album. "In Your Eyes," 
one of Gabriel'S best and most 
popular songs, doesn't even appear. 
But the irritating "Big Time" and 
the obscure " Mercy Street" (both 
from So) are among the "Golden 
Greats." How "In Your Eyes" (the 
album version or, better yet, the 9-
minute live version) didn't make it 
onto this album is incomprehen-
sible. 

But until Gabriel releases his 
long-awaited new album (suppos-
edly by the end of 1991... don't 
hold your breath), this coUection 
will have to do. Just listen, dream 
of new Gabriel to come, and feel 
safe knowing that not all music 

L-______________________________________ -==--..:.. ____ J sounds like Vanilla Ice. .~ II'IIIInIIIt <iFTD. 01991 FTD. 
- Jason Snell 

Thursday, February 7,1991 

UCSD Student Wins 
'Almost An Angel' Contest 
By Julie Sherman 
Staff Writer 

Believe it or not, real people do 
win big contests. Third College 
JuniorCynthiaCi nero found that 
oul the be t way po sible - he 
won E! Entertainment Television's 
"Almost an Angel" con te t. 

On Jan. 18, Cisneros and her 
si ter hopped on a plane, jetted off 
to Lo Angeles (courte y of E!). 
and began their tiring day. After 
starting with the all-imporant 
" Hollywood Tour," they moved 
on to a tour of E!'s studios. 

"They showed u how they edil 
and all that and they were taping ... 
but we didn't have lime 10 see il." 
Cisnero said. 

ButCi neroswasnotdi mayed. 
She had yet to meet Paul Hogan. 
that knife-s lingin', woman-
swingin', crocodile-killin' Dundee 
that we Yanks love so much. 

Arriving at Paramount Studios, 
they were finally taken to see Paul 
Hogan in the fie h. Apparently, it 
wasn't very good timing, since the 
movie the contest had plugged was 
beginning 10 be pulled from some 

The UCSD Guardian 

theaters . 
"No, r didn't really talk to him 

much," Cisneros said. "He wa 
really quiet. He didn't say much. I 
think he was upset that Ihey were 
pul1ing his movie." 

So, the "Meet Paul Hogan" part 
ofthe "Meet Paul Hogan Contest" 
lasted about five minute? 

"Well, he handed me Ihe re-
mote control for my entertainment 
center, we took a lot of picture, I 
got hi autograph, and that wa 
about it." 

Whoa. Back up. Entertainment 
center? Now we're talking." It 's a 
$5,000 Pioneer Entertainment 
Center with a 4O-inch T. V. screen, 
acombination laserdiscICDplayer, 
and a stereo with dual cassette." 

Not a bad lillie prize. It prob-
ably made it just a litlle eas ier 10 
deal with Hogan 's rather brief ap-
pearance just a little easier 10 deal 
with. Of course, we would al\ like 
to think that someday we may be 
o lucky as to win something more 

than a free Bi g-Mac from 
McDonalds. Cisneros hares her 
secret: 

"I sent in 100 postcard after I 
saw the ad at my boyfriend' s house. 
It co t me $25 in stamps. There 
were about 20,000 entries, but I 
REALLY wanted that entertain-
ment ystem ... But meeting Paul 
Hogan was cool, too." 

It look a $5000 prize to get 
Cisnero ' parents to quit nagging 
her about her laste t hobby. 

BEING-FIT ~ 
NOW OPEN 

........ IDEO GALLERY 
'\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

Bille.t SELECTION in the Area • Free Parking 
NEW IIILnSD: NAVY SEALS. DIE HARD II 

• CINEMA PARADISO • ROCKY & BULLWINKLE • DAYS OF 
THUNDER COMING SOON: FLATLINERS • DARKMAN 

Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 2/14/91. 

8750 GeneBBee in the Costa Verde Center 
near the Soup Exchange· 45(J.1766 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am·9 pm! Fri.·Sat. 11 am·1O pm 

GRUMMAN AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS 
AT POINT MUGU, CALIFORNIA 

(50 MILES NORTH OF LOS ANGELES) 
«««MAKER OF THE F-14 TOMCAT»»» 

GRUMMAN WILL BE CONDUCTING ON-CAMPUS 
INTERVIEWS 

ON FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1991 
CURRENTLY OPEN CAREER POSITIONS 
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEERS 

Software applications utilizing high level of computer and/or assembty language 
of real time airborne systems. QyaJijicatjons : B.S.; Computer Science, Electrical 
Engineering, Math , or Physics. 
SOFlWARE DEVELOPMENT - Develop, program, and test real time software 
programs for aircraft systems. Software will be used on aircraft computers or 
simulation lab. Some applications require experience with Ada and MIL·STD-
216A. 
The Engineering Department of Grumman Aircraft Systems requires enginee~s to 
work at Point Mugu on the F·14 Tomcat aircraft. Require degrees in CS., EE., 
Physics, or Math. ALL POSITIONS REQUIRE EXPERIENCE EPUCATION OR 
COURSE EMPHASIS IN COMPUTER SCiENCE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING/ 
PROGRAMMING WITH APPROPRIATE COMPUTER LANGUAGES, New 
graduates are encouraged to apply. 

WE CURRENTLY HAVE OPEN CAREER OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
1teO-91 UCSD GRADUATES 

INTERESTED STUDENTS SHOULD SIGN UP WITH THE CAREER 
SERVICES CENTER ON THE CAMPUS 

U S CrTbZEhSHtp BEQUIRED FOB SECURITY ClFAAANCE 
GRUMMAN @ 

, 
•• r.QUI.r.c "oo.mark 01 Grumman Co.petchon 

NO INITIATION FEE 
At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

OHer expires 2/21/91 

.AEROBICS • NAUTILUS 

.FREE WEIGHTS ·UFECYCLES 
• STAI RMASTERS .REEBOK STEPS 

• PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
• 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

---

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Cloiremont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Wards. behind Pat's Sport) 
483-9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

HIATUS 5 

"['ve been in a contesl phase for 
a while, and earlier in the same day 
Paramount called me and told me I 
won, my parents were yelling at 
me saying r was wasting my lime 
and money on Ihis. Then I gOl the 
all. They changed their minds 

pretty fasl," Ci neros said. 
Smart parents. But don 'I be too 

jealous of Cisneros. There are 
plenly of onte ts around for the 
rest of us. Okay, so we may never 
get to meel a Hollywood Slar. and 
we may never have $5,000 worth 
of stereo equipment. Don't despai r 
- right now at McDonaldsthere's 
the chance 10 win free Egg 
McMuffins! Wel1, maybe we'l1 
have a chance if we take Cynthia 
along. 

• 
-



6 HIATUS 

BUMPY 
Continued from H1 
mo t. he had only heard of the 
mystical place called Harlem. 
Johnson quickly found his niche in 
the fast-moving c ity as a number 
man. He also was closely involved 
in the arts of Harlem, with poetry, 
painting, and music. By the time 
Johnson died in I 968. he had served 
several term in prisons from Sing 
Sing to Alcatraz. Johnson had been 
shot over 30 time by the age o f30 
and eemed almost invincible. 

Much like Martin Scorses' de-
pic tion of the M afia in "Good 
Fellas," Director G eorge Ferencz 
ponraysJohnson not as theenemy, 

not the lawbreaker, but as a n ice 
guy. The program note oddly in-
cl ude a tntement that"Bumpy was 
also renowned as an extraordinar-
ily polite and considerate reali t 
who tudied philo ophy and wrote 
poetry about love and fri endship." 
lust w hich life o f Bumpy Johnson 
are we more concemed with? It 
eem as if the equation. "The Life 

and Life of Bumpy John on." i 
leaning too far to one side and just 
might tip over. 

A general ignorance of Harlem 
and the rack.eteering wars of New 
York City can add to the audience . 
inability to follow the storyline, 
thou g h th i could have been 
eliminated by some simple back-

The UCSD Guardian 

ground information in the program 
notes. Pe rhapssol1)ething as simple 
as renting "The Cotton Club" from 
the ne ighborhood Blockbuste r 
Video Store might have cleared 
several hazy moments in the pro-
duction. rather than resorting to 
whi pering uncertainty to the per-
son next to you. 

One of the most outstanding 
aspect of the produc tion was the 
continual motion of the actors , 
music ians, and props from scene 
to scene. At no time did the lights 
dim so that the production crew 
could set up for the next scene. 
Instead, props moved in the actor' s 
hand as part of the scene in a 
delicately interwoven structure that 

included lighting, musici an , and 
fog machines. 

Lance Robens as Johnson can' t 
singall that well but the superiority 
of the re t of the cast compensated 
for Robens ' vocal cords. However. 
the continual decl ine of Johnson is 
well executed by Roberts as we 
watch him move a linle slower. 
walk a little stiffer. 

Other standoutS are the superb 
voice of Jason Booker and, of 
course the onstage band that played 
original music by Max Roach for 
the entire running time of 2 hours, 
50 minutes. 

The musical aspect of the pro-
duction has much more to offer the 
audience than the actual drama. 

Thursday, February 7,1991 

Actors bellowed out their mu ical 
pan s marvelou Iy when the simple 
script failed. 

It seems odd that the Repenory 
- despite the opportunity during 
Black History Month to celebrate 
the accomplishment of the black 
community - would choose in-
tead to glorify a criminal' s good 
id,eratherthanare pectedfigure 's 

life. Although meant as a historical 
interpretation, the play ends up as 
a one-dimensional elevation of 
Bumpy Johnson' finer points. 

Where: Lyceum Stage Theatre, 
79 Harton Plaza 

When: Tues.-Sat 8p.m., Sun. 2 
& 7 p.m., through Feb. 16 

TICk8ta: '18-22. 235-802S 

in the Old Globe's current production of "The White Rose.· 

UCSD UNlVfRSITf frfNTS 4 STUDENT AcnvrrlfS PIlfSfN7'S 

The Gramm, Award-Winning Cajun/Creole Musie of 

ROSE 
Continued from H1 
campus and were arrested early in 
1943 and, after a " trial ," were 
eliminated. 

Written by Lillian Garrett and 
directed by Craig Noel, this world 
premiere does not claim to be a 
non-fictional portrayal of the 
characters involved, but an attempt 
to understand why evil actions are 
allowed to happen. Focusing 
mainly on the leaders of the move-
ment, Hans and Sophie Scholl, the 
play follows the arrest and trial of 
the condemned, peppered with 
flashbacks to earlier times. 

The first act is exceedingly 
weak; we all k.now that the charac-
ters will be found guilty and must 
wait for Robert Mohr, the interro-
gator, to find out for himself. It 
seems mostly like a set-up for the 
internal action of the second act. 

QUEEN IDA & 
THE 

BON 
TEMPS 

ZYDECO 
BAND 

FEBRUARY 9 • SAT •• IPM 
• UCSD PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

G.A. $14 • ST. $10. fAC/STAff 4 SI.CIT. $11 
UCSD lOX OffiCE • U4·.U59. 77Q("~~ 

_'t'c-.. ...... ~ 
e,e,ne.n •• 

It becomes apparent that the 
German people surrounding these 
dissidents do not suppon their 
leader, but they do something much 
worse than protest. They simply 
follow along like lemmings, wait-
ing for the situation to change 
through somebody else's actions. 
The condemnation of apathy is 
swift and brutal. Sophie, in ashow-
stopping monologue, spewed out 
her anger at being forced to die by 
virtue of being born at a time and 
place that forces her to speak out 
against the establishment. Mohr 
can speak. only of survival - one 
must do what is necessary to con-
tinue to exist the next day. 

Set against a stark set, save a 
gigantic red and black swastika 
and clattering catwalks, the actors 
areexceptionallyandeerilylit. The 
sound designer has also been hard 
at work with crashing doors fight-
ing against classical music. 

See ROSE, H7 

summer d d 
II elp.N ~!-!ca in JAti1I IV''''' -_. 

Maico. ECIIIIdor. PIrI,uay. 
Cotta Rica. Dmtinican Replblic, Brazil 

Work· Share 
• Live • Learn 

You can have a summer full 
of adventure and personal 
growth whole improving 
health for the people of Latin 
America. 
Write or call: 
Amigos de las Americas 
5618 Star Lane 
Houston, Texas 71057 

800/231-7796 
713(782-.5290 

~UI6:f 
AppIic:aIion deaIine: Man:h I, 1" 1. 

IlIcalli\OU .ftiI .... (or early canmilJMlll 

Thursday, February 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 7 

ROSE QUEEN IDA gives Ihem the feel of the music. • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Continued from H6 Continued from H2 

"Thefee/!"sheexclaimed. " You : ARE YOU · 
havetofu/what'sgoingon - and • : 
when you stan getting that feeling. : COR · The flatness of the ma&erialleads 

the actors astray al points. Every-
one seems too solemn, even at mo-
ments of jubilation. Perhaps the 
ghost of the reaIlife events Ibrows 
too large of a shadow on the com-
pany. 

She went on loexplain that often 
promoters like to combine a Queen 
Ida dance concen with a gumbo 
diMer and a Mardi Gras masked 
ball. "Then Ihey'll give away gifts, 
like round-trip tickels to New Or-
leans, to people with the best cos-
tumes," she said. 

it's a great feeling, because it's a • • 
• happy feeling.... • 

A costume isn't necessary, but • • 
bring your dancing shoes to the: BLIND.. : 
concen Salurday night. • • 

Sonia is told that passion is for 
the opera, IlOl everyday life. "1bat' s 
100 bad for everyday life," she re-
tons. 

While this is the position advo-

Where: Price Center Ballroom 
When: Sat, Feb. 9, 8 p.m. 
TIckeIa: $10 students, UCSD 

Box Office 534·6467. or 
Tlc:U ......... 278-TlXS 

•••••• Music? 

Earn $S per hour participating in 
experiments on color vision. 

If you know or suspect that you are color deficient, 
contact: Ethan Montag, Department of Psych., 

534-2999 
ReNm subjecls or. wokome. 

• 

"We get to know 
these rebels mostly 
through their interro-
gations and they, 
therefore, come off as 
stiff and disinterested." 

, 'Queen Ida and her 
Bon Temps Band also 
perform a variety of 
styles ranging from the 
bluesy 'Hard Headed 
Woman' to the R&BI 
gospel-inspired 'Lady 
Be Mine.'" 

Film? ................... ~ .............. . 

caled by the play, the production 
does not follow its own advice. We 
get to know these rebels mostly 
through their interrogalions and 
they, therefore, come off as stiff 
anddisinterested. Theexplorations 
of the characters themselves, and 
nol the events surrounding them, 
are the strong moments of the 
drama. 

The applause at the end is not 
solely for the production; il is for 
the ideas conlained within ii, and 
the martyred but not forgotten stu-
dents of the White Rose. 

Where: Simon EdIson Centre 
forthe PerfonningArls, Balboa 
Park 

When: through Feb. 24 
TIckets: 239-2255 

Although they never lose touch 
with Mardi Gras ' festive tone. 
Queen Ida and her Bon Temps 
Band also perform a variety of 
styles ranging from the bluesy 
"Hard Headed Woman" to the 
R&B/gospel-inspircd "Lady Be 
Mine." sung by Guillory ' s son 
Myrick. 

"We have done a lot of songs 
about loved ones, losin' a loved 
one," Guillory said. "We also do 
happy songs speaking aboul going 
out to a dance, going out to a func-
tion and getting together wilh all 
the young ones and dancing. I try 
to get the audience involved with 
call-and-response. There're twoor 
three songs along the way in the 
course of the evening where I have 
the audience sing along, so that 

Theater? 
Food? 

Are these your 
favorite things? 
If so, you might want 
to write for HiATUS. 
Take a break from 
midterms to find out 
how you can enjoy free 
movies and albums. 
Come to our writers' 
meeting next week -
old and new writers 
welcome. 
Where: Guardian offices, 2nd 
Floor Old Student Center 
above the General Store. 
When : 6 p.m., Mon., Feb. 11 

•••••• 

6 cassettes. itt I fret CO· • t CO's, itt 1 free CO* 
·08 .pproyal • No limit 

larfest used CD imeatory ia U.S. • Ustellla~ zoaes 

~ MUSIC TRADER 
i.iQ#i 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469 
., 5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

. liP UCSD University Events" Student Activities presents 
Universily or &in Die&e 

~chool of Law 
The University of San Diego School of Law 
invites all individuals interested in the study 

of law to an informational seminar. 
The program includes: 

• A discussion of the value of legal education. 
• Advice on how to finance law school. 
• Demonstration of ajirst-year class. 

Saturday, February 16, 1991 
Doors Open at 10:00 a.m. 

Program - 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. 
usn Camino Theater 

Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 

Following the program, an infonna! buffet will be 
provided from 12:45 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., 

where usn faculty, alumni, and students will be available 
to meet with those in attendance. 

Call (619) 260·4528 for reservations by 
Thesday, February 12, 1991 

USD does not discriminate onllle basis of !leX, race, color, religion. age, national origin, 
ancestry or handicap in its policies and programs. 

COMPETITION 

OK, WHO'S TIlE COMEDIAN? 
Enter the Certs us. College Comedy 
Competition. You could win trips to 

perform at Spring Break in Daytona Beach 
and in a New York City comedy club! 

Here's How: 
• Prepare a hilarious three minute comedy 

routine (clean. of course!) 
• Win the campus and regional 

competitions 
• Be judged the best in the US. by National 
Judge JERRY SEINFELD 

The first te n contestants to perform get a 
free US College Comedy T-Shirt 

. FEBRUARY 11 • 8PM • TRITON PUB • FREE 
---- PERFORMERS STGN-UP AT 7PM 

Even if you're not perfOrming, come by just for laughs! 



8 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, February 7,1991 

The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-
perience that will last a lifetime. 

Working at a professional level that ordinarily 
might take years of apprenticeship back home, 
volunteers find the career growth they're looking for 
and enjoy a unique experience in the developing 
world. 

International firms and government agencies 
value the skills and knowledge mastered during 
Peace Corps service. 

ON CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 
INFO BOOTHS: Tuesday thru Thursday, Feb. 12-14 
On the "Hump" & At Price Center 9 a.m.-1 :30 p.m. 

FILM & DISCUSSION SEMINAR WITH RETURNED 
PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS 

Tuesday, Feb. 12-Career Services Center Conference Room 2 p.m.-4 p.m. 
OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES IN EDUCATION & THE SCIENCES 

Wednesday, Feb. 13-Administrative Complex, Room 111-A 2 p.m. -4 p.m. 
OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES FOR ETHNIC MINORITIES 

Thursday, Feb. 14-Career Services Center Conference Room 2 p.m.-4 p.m. 
INTERVIEWS: Thursday and Friday, Feb. 28-March 1 Career Services Center 

APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 
SENIORS-APPLY NOW! 

For applications or more information, visit your Career Services Center or 
call Peace Corps at (800) 832-0681, ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
The Toughest Job You'lI Ever love 

Jenny VIIIIIIGUlJldiIJll 

The UCSD Guardian 

SETS 
Continued from page 10 
pression of a museum. At the end 
of the play this museum would be 
empty, symbolizing the coming of 
the Puritans and then of our time. 

When creating, designers try to 
be spontaneous. Because people 
don't have simple reactions to 
color, for example, one can't keep 
using the standard fonnulas (such 
as red for passion), or things would 
become very predictable. Colors 
also change on stage when light is 
introduced. 

"In the model, the walls are 
white," explained Shoch. "But ifI 
painted them white ['d be in big 
trouble in reality because it would 
blind the audience. They have to 

be painted creme or gray." 
Designers also try to avoid in-

cluding anything that will be too 
cumbersome for the actors. How-
ever, a balance must be achieved 
because it is important to provide 
the audience with enough dynam-
ics to space them from boredom. 

"One example is Twelfth Night. 
Everything is coming and going, 
there's no chance to get bored," 
Shoch said. 

Many set designers come from 
other backgrounds, having studied 
painting, acting, or, as with Patel 
and Shoch, architecture. 

"You have to be a jack-of-a11 
trades," Patel said. "The differ-
ence between an architect and a 
designer is that what you're creat-
ing on the stage is always a meta-

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program 

FEATURES II 

phar, not real." 
"The Castle" will be perform-

ing at Mandell Weiss Feb. 6, 
through Feb. 10, and "Deadly 
Calm" will perfonn at Warren 
Theater Feb. 13, through Feb. 17. 

ERRATUM 
The Feb. 4 issue of the 

Guardian said that Pro-
fessor David Gutierrez 
will speak on war at the 
Grove Caffe on Thurs., 
Feb. 7. 

Professor Gutierrez 
will actually speak at the 
Muir Apartment Lounge 
from 7:30 to 9 p.m. on 
Thurs., Feb. 7. 

Now students can get the Card 48 contiguous tates. And you can fly almost anytime- because there are no blackout date . But you must make your reservations 
within 14 days of the day you leave. And the maximum stay is and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 

Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 
There's only one way to cover a lot of territory without spending 
a lot of money. And that's by getting the American Express· Card. 
It's the only card that offers an eXciting new travel program 
exclusively for students-including three roundtrip certificates on 
Continental Airlines. 

just look at the map and pick the place youtllike 
to visit. If it's on your side of the Mississippi River, you 
can use a certificate to fly for only $129 roundtrip. Or, 
you can cross the Mississippi for $189 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more than 150 cities in the 

7 days/6 nights and must include a Saturday n ighl. 
[n addition to this great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 

the benefits of Cardmembership as well as other exclusive student 
privileges. They include a quarterly magaZine filled with informa-
tive articles on summer jobs, careers, campus life. Plus valuable 
discounts from leading retailers. 

But remember, there's only one way to get all this- and that's 
by getting the A merican Express Card. Just call us (have your bank 

address and account number on hand). What's more, 
with our special slUdem offer, it's easier to get the 
Card now while you're still in school than it may 
ever be again. 

So get the Card. And get ready to cover new 
f territory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 

Membership Has Its Privileges· 

CAT/IA l-BOO-942-AMEX 
/f)'ou'rf: already a Cardmember, tlx're's "0 m:ed to call. '''Iormatfon about )lOur certificates will be arrivill8 SODIl • CONT1NI!NTAL 



, 

12 O PINION The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD UE&SA Pop Events & 11Xfllslng Star Series present 

If either of these 
makes yourpulse race, 
~ liJ.vin~ to ~et a real job taJk 'to US and pr'Oduce tomormw' 
r, n l so bad. • products. 

ot wh n there's [l place where the We're involved in electronic de ign 
pcople {,(ct as pumped up abouttechnol- automation. automatic te t equipment, 
o~y as you do. telecommunication, le t. and ell Lom 

place where you work on rral ' tulT connections. " four of OUl' bu inesse 
right Clway. no rrd tape and bllf'raucrac arc market leaders. 
are kept awa,. Qur work ellviror.ment i , we/l , colle-

ar <'OUI'SC. there Ie a catch. We onl wam giate. nd among other great benefits, 
software and hardware pro~ "- ional who like we offer an educational a i tance plan 
to be on the leading edge of high technology. with 1000/0 reimbuI'SCment-up front. 

That's because our bu ine L help- So talk to u . Or settle for a job that 
in~ other high tech companie, develop ma turn ouL to be ju t work. 

Corporale Headquarters Boslon. MA Malor Locallons Nashua. NH • Deerfield, IL ' Agoura Hills. CA· Santa Clara. CA' TOkyo · United K",gdor'n 

We'll be on campus: February 13, 1991 

Thursday, February 7, 1991 

HELL 
Continued from page 4-
that women let their leg hair freeze 
off rather than bother with the 
hassle of shaving. Hark, the voice 
of truth speaks ... 

Knowing that the UK, as a 
whole, i on the same latitudinal 
line as the Yukon Territory is a 
fairly intimidating concept forbom 
and bred Californians to accept. 
But the weather is such an impor-
tant facet in England that the entire 
culture pivots around this point. 

For students, it can be a sexual 
experience. bordering on the reli-
gious. Members of such elitist in-
stitutions as universities hole-up in 
the library during the daily eight to 
nine hour of pseudo-sunlight, 
slaving away at their tudies. After 
all , why waste good imbibing hours 
on the trivialitie of academics? 
When it's dark outside and too 
cold to snow, what else is there to 
do but wann one' toes with a pint 
o'lager? 

Pubs flouri sh everywhere. Even 
small villages with mini cule 
population sport a good dozen of 
these e tablishments. Some stu-
dents claim that there is a direct 
correlation between the numberof 
pubs on campus and the distance 
between the university and London. 
The University of Sussex has 13, 
while the University of York has 
28. You be the judge. 

As the sun passes the horizon, 
the masses pile on anywhere be-
tween three (shirt , jumper, coat) to 
eight (bra. tank, shirt, turtleneck, 
sweat hirt, jumper, coat, scarf) 
layers of clothing and trudge over 
to their favorite local. Traditionally, 
people buy drink in rounds. Not 
only will this allow you to lose 
count of the number of drinks you 
have consumed, it al so promotes 
superficial social ties with complete 
strangers. It's absolutely mind-
boggling how alcohol can make 
people agree that the front window 
looks better now that hailstones 
have chipped it. 

Aftera few pints of Merrydown 
cider, you don't care that a beer 
costs £ 1.50 and a glass of Diet 
Pepsi is 70 pence. Check out the 
LA. Times for the dollar equiva-
lence. You'll never complain about 
the prices in Tijuanaagain. Critic's 
pick for ignoring the weather, war, 
and price blues? Two Merrydown 
Snakebites and Black - a deadly 
combination of liquors guaranteed 
to have the billiard balls serenad-
ing in 15 minutes or less. 

And then it happens. Like all 
good, sexually repressed college 
students throughout the world, the 
herd stumbles down to a dance 
club. The music's pumping, the 
hormones are jumping, and pel-
vises begin to search for a com-
pliant partner. So the guy looks 
like death warmed over. At least he 
won't die of skin cancer. He may 
hyperventilate and pass out during 
a passionate moment, but that's 
just from the tar in his lungs. No 
one's perfect. 

The nextmoming . .. weU, that's 
a universal truth. Like Isaid before, 
who needs a pet when you have 
hundreds of parasites for your very 
own? Whoops. The sun just went 
down. Time for a drink. 

TIv UOD C......,. wt.1c:aMcI and CftC'oOII1IIItIIcIrn _ 
~ftoM .. _ben of dw. ~"'1C01Nft"'. o.op 
,.."*,, • • CWll''' DfrlCCl (._~ lloorol lllc S .... 
CaIIeI'.1tII)W; IfteGeNnl SlOtt) or ... 1 .. .. 

0,_ .... 
"-

'MGa..Dr.U" 
LA ..... c .... .",.,16 

l..tum..." k fJtfld, ..... .,.c:ed._IJIC .... ~ 
..t ..... -aa. u...p.alalm will ......... w .. ...--
...... IO ... rcr ........ d.ri"' . .... ~ __ _ 
O'~~I bt,....s. 

Thursday, February 7,1991 

w. TENNIS ber-one player Robyn lnaba. who was named the national "Rookie 
Continued from page 20 of the Year" in her freshman 

In fact, the women' tennis team campaign. Inaba also enters the 
i about as far as you can be from 1991 season as the seventh-ranked 
going in the proverbial "tank", as individual in Division III. 
they enter the season ranked third LaPlante doesn't expect any-
in the nation by the Volvo/Colle- one -except maybe Monica Seles 
giate Tennis Poll. 

- to take Behrens' place, but still 
But how could this be?] mean, thinks Inaba should fill in admira-

what would the Chicago Bulls be bly at the Tritons' top singles spot. 
without Michael Iordan? The4gers "She will have to play tougher 
without Joe Montana? UCSD players than she did last season as 
without Christine Behrens? ournumber-two player," LaPlante 

Well, UCSD without Ouistine said. "ButI'm fai rly positive that 
Behrens might actually tum out to Robyn will make Nationals as an 
be very good indeed. individual." 

Head Coach Liz LaPlante is very TIle Tritons' top six is rounded 
optimistic about herteam' s chances out by junior Carla Nicolas, senior 
and thinks the Tritons will be right Janet Whalen, junior Amanda 
there at the finish of the season, Lynch, freshman Nancine Hayden. 
just like always. and sophomore Catherine Yim. 

Her optimism stems from what LaPlante is particularly enthu-
she calls "superior team depth," siastic when she speaks of Hayden, 
compared to past UCSD squads. the sole freshman to make the 

The Tritons will be led by num- Tritons' singles rotation. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~&~- Callier details • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Not a teOlKlfary walello6S ; ~ celluite and sltetch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 

_ ... ~~ 455-0909 Exp. 3fT191 

The UCSD Guardian 

"Nancine is a fantastic doubles M. HOOP player. has a super serve, and is a 
fine natural athlete," LaPlante said. Continued from page 20 
.• All she needs is some more match three times," Marshall said. "Es-
experience and she'll be a really pecially a good team. They ' re go-
olid player for us." ing to do everything in their power 

The Tritons' principal compe- [to beat us]. 
tition should come from Gustavus "[Menlol is a very. very good 
Adolphus and traditional rival team, and we're going to have to 
Pomona-Pitzer, who are ranked play well, as we have in the other 
first and second in the nation, re- two games, in order to win the 
spectively, going into the season. game." he said. 

"Both of them will be very tough Marshall and the Tritons aren't 
and both have mo t of their players planning to take Saturday's game 
returning from last year," LaPlante against UC Santa Cruz lightly ei-
said. ther. Even though UCSD coasted 

But first things first. The Tri- to a relari vely easy 19-point vic-
tons open the year with matches at tory in its last meeting with Santa 
Point Loma Nazarene this after- Cruz, the Banana Slugs have shown 
noon and Occidental on Saturday. steady improvement throughout 

LaPlante doesn't expect the the season, as demonstrated by the 
Tritons to have too hard a time Slugs' victory over Menlo last 
with either of these squads, and weekend. 
noted that UCSD has "never" lost With the season winding down, 
to PLNC and hasn't fallen to Oc- the Tritons' postseason de tinyap-
cidental "in years." pears to be in their own hands. 

Get the 
1991 SPRING BREAK SURVIVAL IU'f 

and fly to Orlando, Florida with a friend on US·I 
(while supplies last) 

Survival Kit include, · 
I nylon carry-.ll tote ~g 
I AMII'M headphone radio or W.lkman 

cassette player with headphones 
t ~.5 officiol Spring Bre.k Beach to"el 
1 neon, official Spring Br.ak vlsor 
1 6 02. bottle oC t.nninq oll 
1 stick of Llp s"lm lip protector 
1 cOll'l'llmentary Surf Wax pack 
2 tully-paid, roundtrip airline vouchers 

t o Orlando, rlorida (good until 1993) 

_.- ch.a. 0( _ order Ply_lo: 
_UnII m __ _ 

!I Cejon. CA II2IJ2I) 
For VISA/Muter1*d orOtnl. pie ... cal (e, II 6&8-0632 

lltt I~on 
O~tl 

SIIH.H5 
·Plt ... aIbw up 10 • _ 

IOr~i .. ry. 
·Hotel reserv.tiona must be purchasld in 

advance Ihrough lravel agent. 
• Alrlln. datos Slbj4K:Ilo 

8Ytllll>llity. 

SPORTS 13 

If they continue to win, an 
NCAA playoff berth looms as a 
larger and larger possibility. In 
order to do so, Marshall asserts 
that hi team, now 17-3 and ranked 
seventh in Division III, has gOl to 
remain focu ed forth is weekend 's 
games. 

"We have to start looking at the 
two games this weekend as the 
next two hurdles that are between 
us [and the NCAA toumament)," 
Marshall said. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
GRUMMAN AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS 

The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 

GET PUBLISHED 
We will accept your research 
papers for any major, in any 
field, including critical essays, 
expanded term papers, 
condensed senior or 
honors theses. 

1 ..... 
We will also publish photos. 
This year's theme is youth. 
Entries should be black and 
white photos, 5x7 . 

• 
• 

. --

Deadline for both re_rch pape ... 
and photos Is Friday, February 8. 

Ple •• e submit entrle. to the 
U$ Grants office In the Price Center. 

Any questions? Dial 534-3917. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

AT POINT MUGU, CALIFORNIA 
(50 MILES NORTH OF LOS ANGELES) 

«<<<<MAKER OF THE F·14 TOMCAT»»» 

GRUMMAN WILL BE CONDUCTING A FORMAL 
OPEN HOUSE PRESENTATION ON 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7,1991 FROM 
7:00 PM TO 9:30 PM IN THE RIVERSIDE DAVIS 

ROOM ON THE UCSD CAMPUS 

CURRENTLY OPEN CAREER POSITIONS 
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEERS 

Software applications utilizing high level of computer and/or assembly language of 
real time airborne systems. Qualifications: B.S.; Computer Science. Electrical 
Engineering, Math, or Physics. 
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT - Develop, program, and test real time software 
programs for aircraft systems. Software will be used on aircraft computers or 
simulation lab. Some applications require experience with Ada and MIL-STD-216A. 
The Engineering Department of Grumman Aircraft Systems requires engineers to 
work at Point Mugu on the F-14 Tomcat aircraft. Require degrees in CS., EE., 
Physics, or Math. ALL POSITIONS REQUI RE EXPERIENCE EPUCATION OR 
COURSE EMPHASIS IN COMPUTER SCIENCE, SOFJWARE ENGINEERING! 
PROGRAMMING WITH APPROPRIATE COMPUTER LANGUAGES. New 
graduates are encouraged to apply. 

BRING RESUME & UNOFACIAL TRANSCRIPT 
OR LIST OF COURSES TAKEN 

liS C!T!ZFNSHIP REOUIRED FOR SECURITY CLfAAANCE 



14 SPORTS 

SUMMER JOB 
Counselors/Summer Childrens 
Camps/northeast. Top salary. 
Rm/bdllaundry, travel allow-
ance. Must have skill in one of 
the following activities: archery, 
crafts, baseball, basketball, bi-
cycling, dance, drama, drums, 
fencing, football, golf, guitar, 
gymnastics, hockey, horseback, 
English, juggling, karate, la-
cro sc, nature, photography, pi-
ano, rocketry , rollerblading, 
ropes, sail boarding, sailing, 
scuba, soccer, track, waterski , 
weights, wood. 

Mta call or "rltt: 
Camp Wlnlldu. 5 Glen Lot, 

MamarODtCk N.Y., 10543 
(914)381·5983. 

WOIDta caU or wrltt: 
Camp Vee., P.O. Box 1771, 

Duxbury, MA 01332 (617)'34-65.16. 

kmk"e 
the copy center 

LA JollA 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
PAcific 8uch 

J 834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

The UCSD Guardian 

Improve 
Comprehension 

Improve 
Retention 

Improve 
Speed 

All Classes on Campus 
Limited Enrollment 
For reservations call 

The Learning Edge 

158-7029 

NORTHERN TElECOM-
THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE IT FOR 

ENTERPRISING TRITONS 
When il come 10 preparing ror your fulure, you didn'l settle for on ordinary college. Yoo selecled 
UCSO. And now, ofter all thase years of hard work '0 80rn your degree, you're nat about 10 settle 
10( on ordi nary career. 
CONGRATULATIONS I " 
Now you're ready 10 join the Tritons who, upon graduo~ng, answered our coli b inncwators, risk-
'okers and achi ..... rs. Compu1er Scienlists and Engin .. rs wha thrivw on being chonge-mokers in on 
environmenl of oonslont/y changing technology. Proven prof.ssionols and enterprising _ 9r~ 
otes uni1ed in on open forum ror the most innovo~vw minds in the lelecommunicoJions industry. 

Please S!OP by OW Hlomtalion session on 
Monday, _ February 11, at the Career Services 

Multi-Purpose Room, at 11:OOcm. 
Career & Co-op interviews will be held on Tuesday, 

February 12 in the Career DeveIopnent Center. 
We are proud of being part of Northern Telecom's worldwide switching leadership. As members 
of Ihe Meridian Business Systems Technology Division, we're designing and developing newoppli-
cations for our Meridian -l inlegroted services networks, and the industry's most advanced business 
oommunicolions products which ore lechnologically ahead 0/ lhe competition. 
We are committed 10 encouraging ond rewording individual achievemenl, from excellenl salaries 
and comprehensive benefits, 10 lhe challenging environmenl of a rapidly growing world closs com-
pany. Send your resume and a copy of your Ironscripts 10: NorIhem TeIKom, Ann: Colege R .. 
cruiting, 68SA Easl Middlefield Road, Mountain Y_, CA 9¥XJ9-72n. An equal opportunity em· 
ployer, M/F lOll/. 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
R .... aad RepIMioaa: 

-S-"...".yON ..... t/l".y 11"....,01' 
.AID AUJIC) wmt YOt.a .............. toIOOL. 

~CIILUOa'iOU."...,.TUCSO.>WOa, 
.... _ IMeIa ro: Sroan Eorroa. UCSD 
Ou.uowo. 9500 0 ........ o..v. 0316. lA Jou.A. 
CA 920934l16. You CAlI AUO '*lI' "ow .. ". 
s-n I!ama's lOll AT ". au- _ 
LOCAT1ID .. ,. s.u-rc-. ACIOSS"""'" 
0 .... 

'Au. UCSO ~. rr_, .... 'AaIl.TY 
.... lUOIIIUro ...... __ au-rr_ 
-S AM>..uw.sOPBJ·s o.c..ool'maJA. 

.n. ...... WIlD ~ W wmt ". ....,.. 
coaucT A.ICI..a. AI ~ IV TIll""', 

WILL"~ _ ORAND __ AND 

Wli. • 1M lID[! .,. n-. QUIllS ..."..,,. 
fIOU..OWIIiIIO WID.. IN THlIVINT OJII A"., A taAWItO 
WILL .. I-.D ro ~ ". -. THoa 
a.ucr INIUII NOr -..:nD ... _ <IIAIID ..... 
.,.... wu..CJlNII:88)~. 

oON.y a... 1I<11l' ____ QUIZ. No 

MAII-fIIODUaD_WILL "ACaPIID. EImsu 
.....,. ... T". au_1Y N(Q< W--y. 

.n.CANC> PIJZI. ........ wu....::mvaA ... 
DINN ...... TWO AT BJ's CMICAOO Puua.lA. 

Jt~-UP WIJ. UCI/1II A _ motU 01' 
Moac.oa Oa.vr -. c. SODA. AT BJ 's, LOCATIID 
.. lAbu. v ...... SQu-. AurrOPALL w-.. 
waJ.. ~ AT BJ"s aACH _ .vm ...... 
,..., 1'0 IHOW EIIN'I1PICATION 10 (lAIM PUZII. 

TIds week'. quesdoal: 
I. What pitcher just became the 
San Diego Padres' highest paid 
player? 
1. What is the longest winning 
streak in the history of the Los 
Angeles Lakers? 
3. Wbo is the Oevelaod Browns' 
new head coach? 
4. What ESPN sportscaster 
recently passed away? 
5. Who won the Pro Bowl? 
6. Who is Mike Tyson's next 
opponent? 
7. What team currently leads the 
NBA in points per game? 
8. Who is the head coach of the 

Thunday, February 1, 1991 

Vancouverc.oucks? 
9. What collegiale basketball 
team featured Sam Perkins, James 
Wonhy, and Michael Jordan? 
10. What is the UCSD women's 
basketball leam' s current win 
strcalt? 

Last week'. qlleStioos: 
1. What female tennis player won 
the Auslralian Open this year? 
Monica SeIes 
1. Who was the MVP of Super 
Bowl XXV? Ottis Anderson . 
3. What Buffalo place Ic.icker 
missed a lasl-second 47 -yard field-
goal attempt last Sunday? Scott 
Norwood 
4. WlwPadrc infielder/outfielder 
just signed a contract for one year 
with a salary of $875,000? Bip 
Roberts 
5. Which football Hall of Fame 
legend died recently? (Hint: his 
nickname was "The Galloping 
Ghost") Red GrllDle 
6. Who won the most money in 
last weekend's ScniorSkins Game? 
Jack Nicklaus 
7. Who is the leading rebounder 
on the UCSD men's basketball 
team? Rick Batt 
8. What university did New York 
Giants running back Ottis "OJ." 
Anderson attend? University or 
Miami-F1a. 
9. What 4ger kick returner was 
named to the Super Bowl's 25th 
anniversary All-Star team? John 
Taylor 
10. What male teMis player won 
the Australian Open this year? 
Boris Becker 

Last week's wiDDer: 
David Zipf, Warren, sophomore, 
Pre..Econ - Sacramento 

RUDDers·up: 
Michael Madden, JoAnne Powell, 
RodHori,JoscphLee Dyncs, Linda 
Haberstroh, Carrie Weiland, Rick 
~y 

.- ~~ c---i--r-;----- ~---I I~ a. LI[)PY'+: 
,. , , 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOWME DISCOUNTS 

VElO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M F 8 30 6 P rn r, 1 , q 1 
S.d 14 J.1 m \/tllth UC5 0 10 

Ask not what opportunity can do for you, t=:~tt~.;, •• ~<t.:!' '0 
b k h d • 1-800-288U5A-l ut as w at you can 0 to create opportunity. .~ ••••• ** t> 271120227HIJ *.1:. 

[> 29281161007;11) •• pq .. t> ••••• , 
ttt.* ·;f~7-?., A.~IIIIR •• 
•••• 1I •••• " t> ;'&8, 811, ~ •• 
• , ..... ~, Y;)."A.x,/:';=.7 5(; .... 
[> Bachelor's Degreel;J..1: :t-.J.t(."J.~t­
t;) flfiA t> 18... $±20752000fIJ(·90 •• ,J!. 
.~1%&*18)"'18 · .... &.21!1l 1*81*. 
./11117 B Ki.1J;U) ... v::';;i",. I; jI 1)( 
t:~I.'. ".~iI?"'( •• L'f;Ll'to jl1t~ 
RECRUIT U.S.A. lit Pavania Avenue. 
Jersey City. N.J . 07310 .f4.* > .1:ac. 

II.~ t: I;~flt::.:·.*< t:~~'o (m*A.~J.J) 

... L < ~ RECRUIT U.S.A. ttlT(1) 
1IIf1i1(1)f;f')(1) ••••• • :;_<t: ~ ~ ' 0 

Thursday, February 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTS NOTE.S 

Ice Hockey Takes Two in Davis 
The UCSD ice hockey team 

swept a doubleheader last weekend 
at UC Davis. downing the Aggies 
4-1 on Saturday. and 3-2 on Sun-
day. 

Jim Mcleod scored the game-
winning goal on Sunday with ap-
proximately five minutes left in 
the game to complete the sweep. 

Leigh Hsu led the Tritons with 
three goals in the two games. 

Mike Teperson played both 
games in goal to up his record in 
the net to 3-\. UCSD is 8-1-1 
overall. 

The Tritons play USC on Sun-
day and San Diego State next 
Tuesday. 

FENCING 
The UCSD fencing tcarns trav-

eled to Stanford last weekend 
where the men beat UC Santa Cruz, 
but fell to Cal and Stanford 8·19. 
The women lost to all three, but 

BASEBALL 
Continued from pege 20 
lowed by three more in the fourth. 

"It was definitely not a typical 
'Bryan Thomason' outing," Yates 
said. "For a guy whose ERA was 
around 1.50 this fall, seven runs in 
three and one·third innings was 
very unexpected. 

"His control wasn't really there, 
and he had trouble getting ahead in 
the count. I'm sure it was just first-
game jitters." 

UCSD, which scattered three 
runs on eight hits, could never re-
ally put together a big inning. 'The 
Eagles' pitching surrendered mul-
tiple-hit games to only two Tri-
tons. 

Third baseman Doran Yount, 
who had an outstanding day defen-
sively, went two for three while 
shortstop Steve Nowlan was two 

KSDT Broadcast Updates 
KSDT radio (95.7 FM cable, 540 AM) will carry live broad-

casts of both UCSD men's basketball games this weekend. On 
Friday,the Tritons will host Menlo College. The game is lated for 
an 8 p.m. stan. 

Saturday. UCSD will play host again, this time to UC Santa 
Cruz. Tip-offis scheduled for 7 p.m. Play-by-play will be done by 
Craig Elsten. with James Darlow and Jon Meyers providing color 
commentary . 

according to Head Coach Alison 
Reid. " It was a good performance 
against some top competition." 

Two weeks ago. both the men's 
and women 's teams beat UCLA 
and Occidental in Westwood. 

The men and women now sport 
identical 7-6 overall records. 

MEN'S VOlLEYBAU. 
The UCSD men's volleyball 

for four with a run scored. 
"[Christ College] played flaw-

less baseball, executing every time 
a runner was in scoring position, 
walking no one, and committing 
no errors. 

"That's the best I've ever seen 
them play," Yates said. 

Th.e Tritons seemed to fold early 
in the game when centerfielder 
Emie Isola went down with an 
injury. 

Isola, (one for two, two RBI), 
homered on the first pitch thrown 
to him in 1991, but was taken out 
of the game after pulling a ham-
string trying to steal second base. 

"Our team shut down when 
Ernie got hurt," Yates said. 

"[We] have definitely been 
tainted with early·season injuries 
this year. Hopefully, someone will 
slep forward to compensate fOrllle 
injured players." 

1991-92 

team lost at CSU Nonhridge 15-7. 
IS-II, 15-10 last night. Gerry 
Goldstein led UCSD with II k.ills . 

MEN'S BASKETBAll 
The UCSD men's basketball 

program will induct fonnerTritons 
Greg Kamansky (1983-87) and 
Brian Backens (1985- 1987) into 
the Triton Hall of Fame at Friday 
night' s game against Menlo. 

w. HOOP 
Continued from page 20 
round, UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone has no illusions of an easy 
game. 

"We' ve always had a hard time 
[winning] up there," Malone said. 

"It will be even tougher than 
usual because it's their homecom-
ing game. and they'll have a big 
crowd." 

Things should get a lot easier 
for the Tritons Saturday, as they 
travel to face the Whinier Poets. 

The Poets have only managed 
to win one game all season, and 
their losses have been as big as 
they have been numerous. 

"They have been losing by 20 
or 30 a game," Malone said. 

"I think it will be an easy game 
for us, but that docsn't mean we 
can look past them." 

UCSD FINANCIAL AID APPLICATION WORKSHOPS 
To assist entering and continuing students with the completion of 
UCSD's fmancial aid application materials, a number of workshops 
have been scheduled. There is also a weekend workshop for families 
who are interested in touring the campus in addition to receiving 
assistance with the fmancial aid application materials. 

Tue.Feb.19 
Thu. Feb. 21 
Fri. Feb. 22 

Mon. Feb. 25 

Tue.Feb.12 
Mon. Feb. 25 

• DAYTIME WORKSHOPS 
9:00-10:00 a.m. Gallery A, Price Center 
1 :00-2:00 p.m. Gallery A, Price Center 
12 Noon-1 :00 p.m. Santa Barbara LA Room 

Price Center 
2:00-3:00 p.m. Gallery A, Price Center 

• EVENING WORKSHOPS 
7:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m. Gallery A, Price Center 
7:00 p.m,-8:00 p.m. Gallery A, Price Center 

• WEEKEND WORKSHOP/CAMPUS TOUR 
Sat. Feb. 23 
Campus Tour 

Workshop 

1 :00 p.m. 

2:30-4:00 p.m. 

Meet in front of info 
window, Price Center 
Gallery A, Price Center 

·ROUNDTRIPSI· 
UIIJON ... S43I IYIIEY ... _ 
COlT" .. ... 1211 
AIIITIRDAM .... ..., 
CIlLO ... ..,. 
.'.- ... ... ~ ... I7J'D 
110 ....... $1_ 
19M. .,.. 11_ 
tm:/D.C./1OS from S3D3 
.............. 

.......... w. .... u. 
........ _., u.s. CIlIa 

• u.c:..o. ...... ... 
.R' 0 S ....... . 
• t.III "-. 1.1. til*. T .. 
·CII ....... ,. ....... 

1aI~ ...... AVE. 
UII-.u,CA ... 
1·800-777·0112 . • 

213·937-5781 

~j 
STATRAVEL 

,', ! 

f1JNNY VALENTINES 
and more in next 

Thursday's Classifieds. 

YEARS 
A l IE 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 
Women $17 (reg . $25) 
Men $14 (reg . $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or Highlight & HaircLil 

SPORTS 15 

SKI 
Brian Head, UT $19999 

per person 
Feb. 15-18, 1991 

President's Day Weekend 
Includes; 

Round trip transportation, 
3 lull day lih passes, deluxe 

accommodations, 
limited availability 

296-5921 
Rainbow Tours 

Cruise Ship Jobs 
HIRING Men - Women. Summerl 

Year Round . PHOTOGRAPHERS. 
TOUR GUIDES. RECREATION PERSONNEL 
Excellent pay plus FREE travel. Canbbean, 
HawaII. Bahamas. South PacifiC. MeXICO. 
CALL NOWI Call refundable 

1-206-736-0175, Ext.!:..l..9!L. 

For appointment please call 457-2930 
8950 Villa La 101la Dr., Ste. 2120 ' 

r-------------"T-~-~~""!!!~ Nail Specials 
ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 I 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 I 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $5 • FaCials $25 Reg. $35 I 
~----------------------------- I NAILS BY .JENNIFER MEN AND WOMEN I 

8055 Claire mont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

L Not valid with any other offers. Exp. 2128191 . oJ 
--------------------

WEHAYE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR OUAllE/ED STUDENTS 
D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 Balboa Avenue, Ste. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

'. 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayet, socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (117-31 
15) 
"You can no more win a war than you 
can win an earthquake: Jeannette 
Rankin (1880-1973) (1f17 -2124) 

The best Mexican food can be found at 
La Salsa-in the Costa Verde shopping 
center. Check out the great deals on 
the meals. (117-211 4) 

Hewlett Packard and NCR have hot 
internships for CSE and Engineering 
majors. ASIO, 534-4689 nowl (I 128-21 
19) 

Boosl your resumel Pick up an 
application for the Golden Key National 
Honor Society I at USB 4000. 
Applications due March 201h. Juniors 
and seniors with minimum 3.4 GPA are 
eligible. (1128-3114) 

Mind Control & The Cult Phenomenon-
Leam what they do- Learn how to 
defend against them- Hear Steve 
Hassan- Author- Combatting Cult 
Mind Control- Tuesday, Feb.12th-
4p.m.- Price Center Theater-
Sponsor- United Campus Ministry--
Info: 534-2521-StudentForum (1/31-
211 1 ) 

AMES BIOENGINEERING 
INFORMATIONAL MEETING FOR 
MAJORS AND OTHER INTERESTED 
STUDENTS, WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 13th, 4-5 p.m., EB21 03. 
(214-2111) 

Potential Summer interns: Crock.r 
Nucleer LlboretOf'Ies, IBM, NASA, 
J.t Propulsion leborstorl.s. Call 
ASIO, 534-4689 nowl (214-2I7) 

Everything in Toyota vandalized Friday 
Jan. 25 replaceable except address 
books. Mail to Box 226, La Jolla, 92037. 
(217) 
Delta Sigma Phi-- We are very excited 
about our upcoming exchange, We are 
looking forward to an incredible evening 
of unforgettable eye-glistening, blood 
boiling, delirious state of frenzy. Love, 
the Pi Beta Phi's.{2(7) 

UCB presents "BLAOERUNNER", 
Friday at 7:00 and 9:30 Price Center 
Theater lor one buckl(217) 
Hot Calif and Natl. Summer internships 
available I Deadline to apply Feb. 8th. 
Call ASIO 534-4689 (217) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl-Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student Discounts. 558-4644/226-
1962. (1117-3114) 

PRO BARTENDER- Lei me help to 
make your next party successful. Calt 
Matt 558-8528. (1fl0-2I7) 
TYPINGII I'll type your term papers, 
etc. qulcldy and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer 546-1856. (1f22-
2121 ) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15 -word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others, Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person, Deadlines are 3 p,m , Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads, For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolol/a, CA 92093-03/6. Actual address: Student Center A, IOpfloor. 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germains. 
452-9949. (1122-616) 

Papers typed I Quick and affordable. 
From$2lpage. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing. 455-8357. Laser 
printing I 60 typestyles to choose from l 
One day service available. (1 /14-2114) 

Helf prlc:e helrcutsl Call Shannon at 
Alessandro SaJon for details. 456-3707. 
First time dients only. (1124-2111) 

8nvn TRANSFERII I Convert 8mm films 
to VHS. For one low pricel Call nowl 
619-272-0868. (1128-2128) 
PROFESSIONAL RESUME WRITING 
SERVICES, NORTH COUNTY. Gain 
the attention of prospective employers 
with a professionaJly written resume. 
Editing and typing also available. For 
cof1)petitive rates call 481-1037. (1128-
217) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
page, free pickup & delivery. 7 days! 
week. Irma 453-6282. (217) 

TUTORING Math, Physics, Engineet-
lng. Computer Programming. Mark221 -
7176 (1/31 -2119) 
WORD PROCESSING: Papers , 
Theses, Dissertations, Resumes, 
Highest Quality - Lowest Prices, Laser 
Jet III, Campus Pickup. 632-7974. (214-
2125) 

PHOTOS FOR YOUR SWEETHEART, 
Portraits elegantly taken by students at 
student prices. Call for your Valentine's 
Day special, 558-7258 Paul, 294-2006 
Narciso, 455·0704 Claudia. (214·2111) 

MOTORCYCLE & SCOOTER sales, 
services, and accessories Student 
discounts lll Same day personalized 
service on most repairs. Look for 
Guard ian ad - close to campus. 
MIRAMAR CYCLES. 578-751 0. (214-
2119) 

ELECTROLYSIS FOR fREE? Geez 
Louise- that's worth checking oull 
Please see the Monday display ad for 
Alexander's Electrolysis or call 558-
0888 for the whole scoop. (217-2I19) 

AUTO REPAIR YOU CAN AFFORDI 
With the Guardian ad for Suspension 
Plus enjoy FREE inspections and 
alignment checks and low cost specials 
on brake jobs, oil changes, and front 
end alignment. Close to campus on 
Miramar Rd. 558-8562 (217-2121 ) 

COMPUTER RENTALS . Daily , 
weekly, monthly rates. Hourly rentals 
on-site by appointment. Closato UCSD. 
581 -6892 (217·2128) 

TAX PREPARATION. Very accurate 
and reliable. Close 10 campus and 
student discounts. Call MIKE: 558-7853 
(217-3f, 1) 

FREE COsl Check out the Music 
Treder ad in this issue or call the 
Miramar Storel 693-1469 (217 -21'9) 
TyplnglWord Processing- Fast , 
Accurate. Pick up and delivery. Call 
Sandy, 755·04316. (217-2125) 

DON'T NEGLECT YOUR NAILSI Get 
them in shape for upcoming formals 
and social events. Specials inctude 
acrylics for $18.99, fills $12, manicures 
& pedicures only $15,95, Also waxing 
and facials. NAILS BY JENNIFER. 560-
0325. (217-2121) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word Processing with 
editing for reports , manuscripts , 
resumes, dissertations and letters . 
Student Rales. Modem. Laser printer. 
9-7 Mon.- Fri. Weekend appointments. 
753-5964. 1521 Summit Ave., Cardiff. 
(217) 

WANTED 
SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer 
children's camps·northeast-men and 
women who can teach children to swim, 
swim t8am, beautiful pool and lakes in 
the northeast. Good salary, room & 
board, tralle!expense. Mencallorwrite: 
Camp Wlnadu , 5 Gllln Lane, 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. , 0543 (914) 381 -
5983. Wornencall orwrite: Camp Vega, 
P.O. Box 1771 , Duxbury, MA. 02332 
(617) 934-6536. (117 -217) 

SUMMER JOB. Tennis Jobs - summer 
children's camps-northeast·men and 
women who can teach children in the 
northeast. Good salary, room & board, 
travel expense, Women call or write: 
Camp Vega, P.O. Box 1771 , Duxbury, 
MA. 02332 (617) 934-6536. Men call or 
Write: Camp Winadu , 5 Glen Lane, 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. '0543 (914) 38'-
5983. (117-2I7) 

Drivers to deliver cookie bouquets 
February 14. Must know San Diego 
area. Good pay. 546-0440. (2(7) 

TRIPLE YOUR INCOME. Make money 
fast. Find out how. Cal! Bill at 558-5789 
NOWII (1114-2111) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

MOS1 doctoral students (64·9 t %). after 
COIT'IlIe~ng their course worlI, relNlin w~h 
a dissenation pending comple1101l indel~ 

ni1e~. Among these ABDs (AlI·B:1·1he· 
Disserta1ion) are generally touod the 
brigh1est and moS1 crea1IVe candida1es. 

Need Cuh? W. dellverl Domino's 
PIZD is now hiring for an positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. If you are 
18 years old, have a valid drivers license, 
auto insurance, an excellent driving 
record, and aocess to a car, you can: 
Earn up to $101 hr. (total comp.) Enjoy 
the freedom of being on the road, work 
flexible hours. APPLY TODA YI 
Oomino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
Ct. 452-UCSD. Please apply after 3p.m. 
(11t 0-Sl6) 
Being-Fil is hiring experienced aerobic 
instructors for Clairemonl and SDSU 
locations. Call Lenny at 483-9294 or 
698-1702. (1122-2111) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Galn 
vaiuable experience managing a tum 
ofemployees,cus!Omers,andsuppliers. 
Successful applicants will undergo 
extensive training. Average summer 
earnings range $8-1 5,000. Call "Student 
Painters" for information. 1-80()-.426-
6441. (1122-3f11) 

Medical and Graduate students-help 
tulor Medical Students in Basic 
Sciences starting March 19, 1991. Earn 
$15thr. Contact Dave Hacker 714-856-
4037, (1/31-3f04) 
Female roommate wanled: own room 
or share in Mira Mesa house $200-
$235/month. Non smoker, student 
preferred. Mard or Laura 549-91 04. (21 
4-2114) 

Tired of low wages and long hours? 00 
you want to earn more? (619) 758-
4602. (214-4125) 

PAID INTERNSHIP. College Pro 
Painters - North America's largest 
student house painting company is now 
accepting applications for summer 
management intemships. Successful 
applicants will receiliEl extensive 
training, and gain valuable management 
experience. Average summer earnings 
range from $8000-$12000. Brances are 
filling fasl, so act now. Call College Pro 
Painters today 1-800·882-2762. (214-
2114) 

UMPIRES WANTED FOR SPRING 
QUARTER LlTILE LEAGUE. Close to 
UCSD. Excellent Pay. Call Bryan 279-
9177. (217) 
Compuler Rental Rep.Part time open-
ing in Carlsbad. Interest in hardware 
and software. Needs business and 
people skills and clean DMV record. $8 
Start. Call Gail, 576-8500. (217-2111) 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIAL 

2.9¢ per copy 
unlimiled, 20 tb. Wh 

••••••••••••••••••• 

Addressing 1hose elemenlS inllOiYed in de-
laying compIelion, !he workshop guides 
partICIpants, from begtnning 10 Iotlowrog 
through and cof1llle11On, particularly after 
years of inac1lVi1y and regardless 01 where 
they are in !he process. 

VLti 1~3 ' 1t-~ J-~i-: 2 f 1luyalingleor~ ~ : : or 2=li~c.: .. : s _ e 
s La.- ColOny 7770 Regents Rd., #108 (In 11181o'ON SIIoppIng Center) 11 ...... 10pm~-lIuI.. e 
• One~perCUl1Oll'* ~2Jl~1 I I ...... lIpmfol..sor . • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

WOI1IsIJop intormation 
985-0426 

Postpluate Group 

9360 Towne Cenbe Dr. Ste. 130 
San Diego, CA 92121 

554-1200 

Thursday, February 7,1991 

BASS PLAYER WANTED by forming 
rock band. Must have rhythm, be 
creative, and open minded. Lee 562-
5982, Chris 558-4598. (2I7-2I19) 
HOTI HOTI HOTI Businessopportunityl 
National corporation looking lor a lew 
good entreprenuers. Start at $50,000+ 
per year part time. Unlimited Income 
potential. No sales. Full training. Call 
491 -1246 (217) 
Subjects wanted for Brainwave study, 
Must be 18-30 years old , right-handed, 
and native speakers of English. $5/ 
hour. Call 453-4100 ext. 422 (217-2111) 
Exciting growth opporlunity with 
executive recruiting fim. Beautiful 
offices, positive friendly environment. 
You must be energetiC, computer 
lilerate, with a good phone personality. 
Send resume to: The Search Network, 
5752 Oberlin Or., ste. 100, S.D., CA 
92121 (217) 
I need 200 people desiring wealth 
withoutthe corporate rat race. Call271 -
4940 for information. 271-4940 (217-5/ 
2) 
ATTENTION STUDENTSI We need 
sales reps . Earn Big $ working P.T J 
Sparetime. It's Easyl C.E.C. Inc .. 3625 
Midway Dr., SleN-226, S.D.,CA92110. 
(619) 576-1178. (217-2114) 

FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM 
$1000 In 1m _ week. Earn up to 
$1000 for your campus organization. 
Plus a chance at $5000 morel This 
programworkal No inveatmer.t needed. 
Call 1-800-932-0528 Ext. SO, (217) 

FOR SALE 
FUTONS BY WEIGHT. California 
Administrative Code-Tille 4 Chaplet 3, 
Article 2, Section 1120, D-lo-requires 
a futon's filling net waight be known, 
We add ticking (natural) and sell futons 
lor $1 .401 pound. (Gross weight on our 
sealed Detecto scale.) An 8" queen, 70 
pounds, 6 layers, is $98. The numbet of 
layers in a futon is hogwash. Always 
know the weight to compare shop and 
be sure. For polycore add $22 (5210). 
Roth's Warehouse, 4807-F Mercury 
Street. Thursdays, 12-7 p.m.; Fridays, 
12-6 p.m., Saturdays, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., 
Sundays, 11 a.m.-4 p.m. 292-4673. (I I 
7-2/25) 
Jeep Laredo CJ7 , 981- 4 Speed, 4 
cyl, 51 K, very clean, runs slrong, Soft 
Top wlHard & Soft Doors, PS, PB, CB, 
Stereo, $5,000. Call Darold 271-6811. 
(1117-2111) 

Macinlosh Plus wI external 800K drive 
and extended keyboard. $50010BO. 
535-1679. (1124-2I7) 

Brand New Skis. Olin TOS SR 190's 
with Salomon 557 bindings. Best offer 
558-1 303. (1 /31-2111) 

SCUBA GEAR- Mares Scuba mask, 
idi snorkel, idi Power fins. Steal for $40. 
Andy 534-1804. (1/31·217) 

BICYCLE- Columbia Beach Clipper, 
Excellent campus or beach bike. Black. 
Great condition. $75. Mat 534-1 804. 
(1/31-2I7) 
Kenwood - HiFi coaxial3-way digital 
car speakers. 110 wans/speaker, used 
4-weeks $99 O.B.O. 755-2708. (214-21 
11) 

AGAPE 
BOOKSTORE 

Christian Books, Bibles, Gifts, 
Cards, Music, Church Supplies 

1 001 STUDENT 10 DISCOUNT 
wlththls8d 

6904 Miramar Rd. '210 
San Diego, CA 92121 
(619)586-7818 

Thunday, February 7,1991 

Tenede - Acoustic Guitar, case, 
Aawlesa. NewSlrings. Nevetseriously 
played $150 O.B.O. Sax trade? 755-
2708. (214-2111) 

Clerion - Computer control digital car 
equalizer booster/spectrum lWlaIyzer. 
4-presets. Used 4-weeks $99 O.B.O. 
755-2708. (214-211') 

Stereo for sale. Reciever, Tepa Deck, 
Speakers. All in good shape. $150. 
Brad 534-1 042, (214-2111) 

FOR SALE - roundtrip plane ticket 
from San Diego to San Francisco. 
Leaving 2114 p.m. returning 2119 a.m. 
$60. Call Paige at 453-7033. (214-2111 ) 

HONDA PASSPORT - excellent 
condition, helmet included. $400. 549-
2624. (214-217) 
Plotter, Houston Instrument OMP52MP 
$490; IBM 8503 PSI2 Monochrome 
Monitor $90 457-4345. (214-217) 

Used computer. AT Turbo, 40MB-HD, 
1.2 Floppy, amber monitor, 101 
keyboard, loaded with software, hardly 
used, $750. 458·0156. (214-217) 

1990 Mustang Gt 5.0 L, V8, 5 speed . 
Blk/grey leather int. All options plus 
Alpine alarm tinted windows. Mint 
condition, only 6K mi. $13,900. Call 
Roland (619) 587-8746. (214-217) 
SHARP LAPTOP for sale. 640K RAM, 
40Mb HD, 720K 3.5" FD, LCD with 
CGA. Includes Avarex 1200E external 
modem, printer cables, carrying case, 
and over 20Mb of IBM and PO software. 
Great for the student on the go. $16001 
firm. Call 259-7639 lealle message. (21 
4-2121) 

Futon - beautiful color, special frame, 
upgraded features, includes tables, 
new, sacrifice $95, can deliver 226-
1398. (214-2128) 

Mountain Bike, GT, 90', 21 Speed, 
Autoshift, ridden twice- $375. Must 
see, Brian 276-2009. (217) 

20MB hard chic for Macintosh. Very 
reIabIe,andcomeswithlotsofshar_ar 
and PO, Asking 5250. Call Sieve at 
450-0601. (217·2111) 

'81 VW Rabbit Diesel Stick. Glul 
Mileage. Dependable $1200 obo. Call 
457-1729. (217) 

IICROSOFT WOAD. Improve your 
accuracy when writing in Spenlsh, 

F~h, Oennen, Itsllen, Swedish, or 
Dutch. AIki Software Corporation offers 
Microsoft's own spell -checking and 
hyphenation dictionaries in these 
languages, plus Medlclll and Legel 
dictionaries in English. For Word 5.01 
5.5, Word for Windows, or Mac Word. 
Retail :$69.95. StudenV faculty rate: 
$49.95. Prompt air shipment. To order, 
caD 1-800-669-WORD. (217) 

HOUSING 
Del Mar Condo, 2 brl2ba, furnished, 
pool, spa, utilities, beach. $425 first, 
$850 thereafter. 931 -6977. (117-2125) 

ROOM FOR RENT in Pacific Beach 
townhouse. Avallable late March. $360 
for single, 5200 each for double. Call 
Oon or Tony 581 -3323. (1128-2111) 

Fabulous home in Clairemont in 
neighborhood over-looking MB. Two 
rooms avail. $290 each + 1/4 util. Safel 
Suprisingly nice & inexpensive. All 
household amenities. Call now Jim or 
Chandra. 273-5758. (1128-2I1 4) 

Female roommate wanted for condo 
near UCSD, own room, $365 + 1/3 
utilities, Available now. 452-8079. (2I4-
2111) 

Spacious Townhouse $200-$3001 
person, near UCSD, available now, 
layaway plan available. Bill 272-6508. 
(214-3114) 

Spacious, private, 2 story condo, wI 
room for rent, friendly $365, private 
patio, fr, windows, 1 mi. from UCSD, 
dean, girl, guy, call 452-8079. (217) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Non-smoker wanted to share 2-
bedroom apartment on Genesee near 
Nobel with Graduate student. Quiet 
complex, pool, BBQ area, weight 
equiptment. $380 + 112 utilities + 5250 
deposit for Mastet bedroom. Call Gary 
for more Information. 695-7815(work) 
450-1579(home). (2I4-2I21) 

Roommate wanted NOW to share 2br 
North Mesa apartment. 5240 Includes 
utilities, and close to campus tool Must 
quality for Mesa housing. Call Stelle at 
450-0601. (217-2111) 

ROOMMATE NEEDED IMMEDIATELY 
to share 4 bedroom condo. Own room, 
approx. 140 sq.feet. WasherlOryer, 2 
bathrooms, Cable TV, POOL TABLE. 
Call Nick or Mike, 558-0471 . (217-2I14) 

Large master bedroom for rent: Large 
house, own bathroom , own entrance, 
quiet Clairemonl neighbort1ood, easy 
access to freeways and shopping, 10 
minutes from UCSD. $300/mo, + 1/6 
utils. Call 569-4840. (2I7-2111) 

Room for Rent- Lrg. master bdrm, 
priv. bath, huge closets , balcony 
overlooking pool , wshrldryer, 5 mins. to 
UCSD. Share this furnished spacious 3 
bdrm, 2 112 bath condo wl2 fun-loving 
roommates. Non-smoker preferred 
$450. Cail 554-0603. (217-2111) 
ROOMMATE WANTEDII Own rm. & 
bthrm, hot tub, pool, sauna,S min from 
school. ASAP to 6 - 30. $450 + 1/3 util , 
457-8093. (217-2121) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST CAT - LiGHTORANGEFemale 
long halr $100 reward ·OPIE: Mesa 
housing area. Jack 558-0938. (I 128-21 
28) 

FOUND at Price Center- black 
sunglasses. Identify to claim. Ask for 
Andy 270-5695. (217-2114) 

Camp Vega 
FOR BOYS 

5 GLEN LAKE 
MAMARONECK, N.Y. 10543 

914-381-5983 

FOR GIRLS 
P.O. BOX 1771 

DUXBURY, MA. 02332 
617-93~6536 

STAFFING NOW FOR 
THE 1991 SUMMER SEASON 

POSITIONS AVAIlABLE 
FOR 

SUMMER COUNSELORS 
who love children and have strong skills and ability 

to teach one or more of the following activities: 
Archery, Arts & Crafts, Baseball, Basketball, Bicycling, Computer 

Science, Dance, Dramatics, Field Hockey, General Counselors, 

Guitar, Gymnastics, Lacrosse, Photography, Piano, Pioneering, 

Riding, Rocketry, Ropes Course, Sailing, Soccer, Softball, Support 

Staff, Swimming, Tennis, Track, Volleyball, Waterskiing, Weight 

Training, Windsurfing, Woodworking, Yearbook. 

roll EIGHT WEEK SEASON 
DROP BY FOR AN INTERVIEW: 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7 
FROM 11:30 AM to 2:30 PM 

MULTI-PURPOSE ROOM IN CAREER SERVICES CENTER 

PERSONALS 
Roger, wilh all my heart, I want you to 
be mine. (1122-2I7) 

Hey PiPhisl Catch the spirit and get 
excited for Derby Daysl Love, your 
coaches. (1/31 -2I7) 

I.C.R.H.A. Presents . .. Blue and Gold 
Night Friday, Feb. Bat 8p.m .. AHarT.G. 
hit the GYMI SUPERSHOTI Prizes I 
Help UCSD ROMPI Free with Student 
1.0. Most IMPORTANT basketball 
gamet (214-217) 

SKI in shortsl RISC goes to 
JACKSON HOLE for Spring Breakl 
INFO: call 534-4482 or 273-21451 (214-
217) 
ELECTROLYSIS FOR FREE? Geez 
Louise- that's worth checkin' outt 
Please see the Monday display ad for 
Alexander's ElectrOlysis or call 558-
0888 for the whole scoop. (217 -2119) 

Kappasl Doin' greall Looking forward 
to another winl Love, Your coaches 
Ted and frank (217) 

Congratulations Number 138 for 
winning the Cal ifornia Top Model 
Contest. Tashaunna, Good Luck on 
your way to success I Love, Tracy. (217) 
Congratulations Gamma Class I 
Excellent jobl From your pledge parents 
and Alpha Kappa Psi. (217) 

FREE CDs I Check out the Music 
Treder ad in this issue or call the 
Miramar Slore1693-1469 (2I7-2I19) 
SEMESTER AT SEAl STUDY 
ABOARD SHIP I Representative here 
Friday, Feb.8 1 :30·3:00. Opportunities 
Abroad Office. (2(7) 

00 you loveto Ski and party? Thenjoin 
RISC staffl Applications in office, 534-
4482. (217) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

LOVE 
DEODORANT 
ECSTACY 
No matter which thoughts 
come to mind when 
thinking about that special 
human In your life .. . 
Spend a buck. 
Tell the world, 
Look for the Guardian 
Volentine 's Day Personal 
Booth at the Price 
Center .. , coming soon. 
Or come by the G office. 
The Guardian will be 
printed on Feb. 14. Make 
sure your message is there. 

LUST 
FANTASY 
FRIENDSHIP 

PHIL SAYS __ . 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Tbunday, February 7, 1991 

A SPECTATOR 'S GUIDE/' t '.1 1'.1 J 

" 
" Your survival instincts You think constantly .... 

really kick in. /t's a hard- When you walk off the 
core feeling - that's strip after a bout, you're 
real steel being thrust exhausted." physically 

at you. /t's really and mentally 
exhilarating, exhausted, 

" 
" CHRIS MOODY STEVE WDIN 

t¢e ream captain Sabre ream captain 

FENCING 
ContInued from pea- 19 
exhil8l1lting. " 

Interest, combined with 
the intensity of the duel, 
keeps these fencers ' swords 
drawn. 

"Being out there on the 
strip, setting up a move, 
executing it and getting the 
louch. is one of the greatest 
feelings in the world," Ludin 
said. 

McCauley confirmed 
Luetin 's testimony as 10 the 
excitement of competition. 

"Outonthestrip,it'sjust Head Coach Alison Reid 
you against Ihe opponent, 
no one else," she said. 

"You have to rely on yourself and what 
you've learned. You test yourself." 

Men's foil captain Kevin Mattson said 
competition involves aggression and con-
trol. 

"It comes to the point where you have to 
learn to tum on your aggression. 

"In fencing, you have 10 know when 10 
be aggressive and when to fall back," he 
said. 

Still. there is the adrenaline rush. 
"Each time you step on the strip, there's 

the excitement of human combat," Moody 
said. 

At UCSD, the spon is broken down into 
four teams: women 's foil. men's foil,men's 

~~, and men's sabre. 
It is an open-division sport. therefore 

UCSD must compete at the Division I level. 
Onlytwoteanlsfromtbe W~wmcompete 
in the NCAA tournament. 

"You really have to adapt to the entire 
situation. 

"Yau adapt to the judge, the opponeot, 
and how you're fencing that day," Reid 
said. 

Moriah McCauley 

, 

, 

accordinJ to Reid. The team 
conditions for approximalely an 
bour and worts on footwork 
before drawioa swords to prac-
dee IeCboique. 

"Tbellhleticfencer is the one 
who wiD succeed in tile end," 
Moody said. 

"It talcea a lot of focusing," 
McCauJey said. "It really is in-
tense .. ·' 

Don't for a second think, 
however, that thespon is all worle 
and DO play. It has its moments. 

"It's always different," 
Mattson said. "You neverlcnow 
what to expect." 

Kevin Mattson McCauley said she encoun-
ters swprised looks and com-
ments from passersby as she 

walks home from workouts. 
"I get reaUy nervous walking arouod campus," 

she said. 
--one time this guy said 'Please don 't burtmel' 

.... A lot of times people want to bold it [tile foil]. 
"I always tell people it's prot«tioo so I don't 

have to call a CSO." 
But the competition, die cballenge of one 

swordfighterversus aootber,makes it all worth it. 
"I live for the c;ompetition, " McCauley said. 

'1JsualJy, ourmcelS are OIl Sanmlays. Ifit's been 
a hellish week, it·s fuo 10 take it out on another 
scbool." 

MoodyCOOCurred, .. It belpsme get out fnlstra-
tioos. Wba& • better way tbao 00 a fencing strip 
pomvIing IIOIDeODe .Iso. .. 

LudiD perceives competition as a battle of 
wits.. 

"You tbinIt CODItaIItly ... basically, you're 
playina with aootber penon, trying to make them 
do SC'lOMIJChioa wrong," be said. 

"When you walk off the strip after a bout, 
you're ....... steeI ... physically and mentally ex-
lutgetecl " 

Photoe by IrIIn IlarrlllGuMIM Mattson said. "You alwaysbave toCOUlllelaCt, 
"It always involves a certain amount of courage, there's always the risk of aettio8 

bit thai you have to face every time you gel up there ... 

to aodcIPIfe tbeir 1Cd0lll while attackinJ. You 
have to be quick, but not so fast Ihat you lose conIIOl- you're alwaya pulbilll that 
edge." 

In preparation, the team practic:es five days a week for at least two-aod-a-halfhows, "You have to be violent in a controlled way," McCauley expIaJoed. 

SCORE training to begin. I mean, I haven', see any of Phil's Prime Picks for a WEEKEND scheduled to start Sunday against yet stooped to watching American month. CSUDH. 
Continued from page 20 Gladiators - I don't need an ex- It also means that Phil has to Continued from pea- 20 ''I'd like our top four or five 
Instituteand the National Chainsaw cuse that badly - but I'm close. live in his own personal hell for USC. pitchers to see as much action early 
Accident Museum and Gift Shop When I was a kid, I'd always picking the Buffalo Bills to easily "No question about it, [Cal in the year as possible, [This way) 
would make great little fealure feel $on of bad when I looked at win last month's Super Bowl. (LAst Lutheran) will be one of the bener I can develop a consistent rotation 
storie. calendars during the month of month's Super Bowl? Yeah , like teams we play all year," Yates down the road," Yates said. 

• College Basketball , Dick August. the Super Bowl could ever be in commented. Bryan Thomason and sopho-
Vitale is still on the air. Sixty-four Much to the disappointment of February .. . J CSUDH, a well-balanced Divi- more left-hander Ryan flanagan, 
teams will make it into March's Hallmarlc Cards, August has no Nationally, February is a dead sion II team competing in the who pitched four and two-thirds 
NCAA tournament. Wake me up real holidays. spons month. That's why, years CCAA, will be trying to avenge an innings in Tuesday's loss to CCI, 
then. I'll have an excuse not to Well, February has holidays- ago, the editors of Sports I/Ius· embarrassing 4-0 loss to UCSD will fill relief roles this weekend. 
study for my finals. Groundhog's Day is my personal frated decided to put oul a swim- from lasl season, in which tbe "I'm real confident in our 

• The Pro Bowl, What, it al- favorite, though I will give a nod to suit issue (initially just an exotic Trilons completely dominated the pitchers. I expect the first couple 
ready happened? And I mi edit? Presidents' Day - but February travelogue)- in order to fill space Toros. outings to be a little rough - a 
Who won? Who cares? has no sports. in otherwise empty issues. Junior transfer Brent Hansen chance for them to get their feet 

Those are the prime events of- Of course, there are good things Swimsuit issue? Hmm ... will be on the mound Saturday in wet. 
fered to me in February. It makes about that- for the UCSDpublic, • Rt!ad Spons I/Iustrated. Hey, his first appearance as a Triton. 

". know they'll come around 
me even more anxious for pring it means that they won't have to what am I going to do, study? Senior Rich Tomolonis is though," Yates said. 

Thunday, February 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

5 ' S' 3 • ~ ~~, i J i 2i1 ~ • 8~ ~ ~ S' g 'Q m. c ~'i!a ~ ~ iii' a iii 3 ~ :- :;! r =rli ii i~!!!.~. com::;l ~C(ba' "i!l'~CD ~"'O g~_CD !;~I ~ c: ~~, ~ 3 ~ 11 j I» CD ;. 2, ~ g ::;I Q, 0' lj3ijf°::T O 3= :::T I» m CDijf3~'i' [ , 3!!~"'-~di f "'- 5i - I» - , - 5i • -if!i! g.- 'Q 3 Q' g. 5i ~ ~ . - -~~5i5!!l-ffi" I f ~~2!i!S ~i ~ fi ~ fit ilcB' ~, iii ~ i '" -, - , -~ ~ c§. !i~1 ~'i : ~ I ~ ca i -~':T &. CD ~ 3' ' 1»(/)'1- S'~o;::T3 i~~2.~!f! I - S' ~::f Ill> ~i~~ CD Il> cl5' - ~ I» !r CD -< - ~ I ~~:T !S _!i!::f ~ i'li ~~I!! =:21 !r5 In . : 9lJ. tilQ' if[~~ sa. 
• =~l fo ~~ ~~ 8::T I i i!:i~~ o §' I i ~ f ~ ~::) (II j i- a, f 8'1 ~ ~ _. ili I r !:f I. i & ~; , : ! § ~ 0'(11 f j i ~ if;l· s f.! i Ill: a .~;i , Il> .. -~ . 



, 

I 

20 SPORTS 

KEEPING SCORE I '.::_', ::',~ __ 

There's No Excuse 
For February Sports 
I T' GREAT TO IIAVE FXCU. E . You know, excu e that allow you to avoid doing 
omething that you should be 

doing. Like studying, for 
example. Studying for midterms. 

So it' time to chastise the 
University of California for 
putting U SD on the quarter 
ystem. Why? 

Not for the tough IO-week 
academic sprint that allows y u 
no time to catc h up once you've 
fallen behind - that's a minor 
point. Not for the difficulty I 
have coordinating any on of 
vacat i n with friends f mine 
who go to semes te r chools. And 
not for the fact that we get out of 
school in mid-June. 

It 's becau, e during Winter 
Quarte r midterms - which 
alway come in ebruary-
there are very fe w di versions . 
Fo r those of us wh u\e sport as 
a di ver ion, February midterms 
mean onl y one th ing: study, 
study, sfLldy. I mean, what else 
are you going to do? 

H ERE RE my porting alternative for February: 
• Watch a meaningful NHL 

game (Yeah, like 1 actually have 
cable). I could do this, but there 
aren't quite enough fight to 
make it entertaining. Be ide , the 
entire NHL ea on exi t just to 
eliminate a handful of team and 
decide who play at home and 
away during the playoffs. There 
aren't any meaningful NHL 
regular-season game. Nice try. 

• Watch a meaninpjul NBA 
game. Even Ie chance of eeing 
a fight. Novelty value of watch-
ing really tall guys wears thin 
quickly . Novelty value of lam-
dunk even Ie s: no matter what 
they do, it till come down to 
putting a ball through a hoop, A 
for the relevance of the NBA 
r gular eason to the NBA 
playoff.. . ee the NHL, above. 

• Pro Bowling. While Earl 
Anthony may be my personal 
idol and Mike Albee ha been on 
David Letterman' show a few 
times, bowling has failed to catch 
my fancy. 

M AYBE TIlE PBA teleca t could be more intere ting 
if they focu ed more on the 
exotic locale frequented by the 
bowling tour. When I ee the 
Moline ACIDelco Bowling 
Clas ic live from Moline, 
lllinois, I'm alway longing to 
see the ights of Moline. 

I'm ure the Moline Monkey 
See SCORE, Page 18 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Gu.rdlen File Photo 
Shortstop Steve Nowlan went 2 for 4 against Christ College. 

Thursday, February 7,1991 

Baseball Stumbles 
In Season Opener 
• Christ College of 
Irvine breaks open the 
game with a four-run 
third, and the Tritons 
lose 11 -3 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

Thi i not the way the UCSD 
baseball team wanted to open the 
new season. 

The Triton printed out of the 
gates looking like a prize thor-
oughbred, but when the du t settled, 
they had lowed to a trot in an 11-
3 loss to Chri t College. 

"[In our first game) we played 
extremely tight all the way around," 
UCSDHeadCoachLyleYate said. 

"Offensively, we were never 
able to get anything tarted. De-
fensively, we weren't sound, and 
our pitchers had a very rough first 
outing." 

After jumping out to an early 2-
o lead, the third inning brought 
disaster for the Triton . Starting 
pitcher Bryan Thomason was 
touched for four eamed runs, fol-

See BASEBALL, Page 15 

Big Weekend 
In Store for 
Baseball 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

UCSD, after it disappointing 
10 s to CCI Tue day afternoon, 
face a big challenge this weekend. 

The Tritons ho t Cal Lutheran 
on Saturday and CSU Dominguez 
Hills on Sunday. A rash of injuries 
will force Head Coach Lyle Yate 
to make orne lineup alteration . 

Becau e of the injury to 
centerfielderEmiel ola, Yate will 
play Karl Friedl - normally the 
DH - in left field, and move sopho-
more Steve Wrenn over to center. 

First baseman Ted White, who' 
been hampered by a nagging arm 
injury, will move to the DH spot, 
and Matt Rei will get the call to 
play first. 

Cal Lutheran recently split with 
See WEEKEND, Page 18 

Women's Tennis Ready With New Faces 
• The Tritons lost four of their top six players, 
but UCSD is still ranked third in the nation 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor WINTER '9i 

PREVIEWS Every year, there are a few UCSD intercollegiate team that 
make a habit of qualifying for 
NCAA po t eason s lot . 

It would be a real hocker if the 
women's volleyball team oreither 
the men's or women's wimming 
team didn't have a c a ... ' at taking 
the top NCAA Divi ion In prize. 

The UCSD women's tennis 
team can al 0 be included in that 
fairly short Ii t.ln recent years, the 
Triton have almo t been able to 
make their plane reservation for 
the NCAA National Champion-

Whittier and 
CSUSB: A Case 
OfOpposHes 

hip before the season starts. 

• Preview: W, Hoop aims 
to extend record 10-game 
win streak against two 
very different opponents 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Lately, the word "lose" ha been 
omitted from the vocabulary of the UCSD 
women ' basketball team. 

And why not? Over the last month, 
the Triton (16-4) have built a chool-
record lO-game win treak. 

But all good things mu t orne to an 
end - and the end of the run could come 
Friday at C U San Bernardino. 

Much ofthi recent dominance 
of Division ill women's tennis was 
due to the fact that UCSD could 
boast Christine Behrens as its 
number-one player. 

And that was aying a lot. 
First off, Behrens was the core 

of a team that nearly won it all last 
year, only to 10 e irt the NCAA 
champion hip, 5-4, to Gustavus 
Adolphus. 

Second, Behrens' four-year 
reign over Division III women's 
tennis was nothing short of as-

tounding, capped off by last 
sea on's Divi ion III women's 
singles championship. 

Behrens isn't the only face that 
will be mi sing this year. UCSD 
lost a total of four out of its top six 
player to graduation. 

Despite these apparently dev-
astating losses, it' not as though 
everyone in Division ill i knock-
ing down the UCS D Information 
Booth for the chance to play the 
Tritons. 

See W, TENNIS, Page 13 

Men's Hoop 
Looks to Keep 
Riding the Wave 
• Preview: Tritons set their 
sights on the final two home 
games of the year . 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

Riding the tide of a nine-game winning 
streak, the UCSD men's basketball team 
has set its sights this weekend on the final 
two home games of the 1990-91 season. 

Although history might say otherwise, 
Friday's game against Menlo could prove 
to be quite a ta k, according to UCSD Head 
Coach Tom Marshall. Even though the 
Tritons have defeated the Oaks twice this 
season, and have yet to lose to a Division 
ill team, Marshall admits that beating one 
team three times in the same season is a 
difficult task. 

CSUSB will be more than willing to 
hand UCSD its fir t 10 since December 
due to the fact that they lost 54-48 to the 
Triton on January 29. 

Even though the Tritons took the first 
See W. HOOP, Page 15 

Ouerd .... File Photo 
Chris Moore has emerged as a solid sixth man. 

"It's very difficult to beat any team 
See M. HOOP, Page 13 


