
• OPINION 
The story of local 

researcher Vladi lav Stefan 
doe n't just involve allega-
tion again t him by several 
sludents - it' also a story 
about media manipulation, 

~ turing both Slefan and 
fom1er Sludent Advocate 
Bard-Alan FinlanlPAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Born in New Zealand, 

having reported from such 
countrie as Vietnam and 
Iraq, and oon to speak at 
UCSD, Peter Arnett may not 
be able to cover the world in 
thirty minutes, but he's 
definitely covered the world. 
In an exclusive interview, 
Arnett discusse 'getting the 
scoop' from behind enemy 
lineslPAGE 7 

• A&E 
Debunking the myth that 

San Diego is without 
culture, the San Diego 
Opera presents a fantastic 
version of Verdi's "La 
Traviata." Soprano Christina 
Weidingeras, as Violetta, is 
just one of the many 
highlights/PAGE 10 

.SPORTS 
When Tony Salerno took 

over as the coach for the 
UCSD track and field 
throwing team in 1988, the 
squad was in shambles. 
Now, the Tritons' program 
is among the best in 
California/PAGE 20 

INDEX ... 
UCSD Crips ............... 2 
Opinion ..................... .4 
Features .................... 7 
Arts/Entertainment .. 10 
Sports ...................... 20 

'Mini-Dorm' Decision 
Postponed to May 21 

Ruling could have major 
effect on off-campus housing 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Stalf Wnter 

'Ylddll1g to ..:hJIgt:\ of llKllkquall' .llhl'r!1 l'IllCnl, Ihl! 
'an Diego it) Council dClldeJ la~t Tue da) to pt ~tP')I1C 
lt~ decI~loll 011 proPO~t'lll:lI! \\- Ide rq:,ul,\llol1s rc)'arding 0-
culled "mml-d!ll!l1"" llllttl M.\\ 21 10 .1110\\ for funhl'f 
public Input 

rile pI' ~ d 01 din,ll1l t:'> .Ir\.' an altelllpt III anS\\c'1 
compl.lintsl11 uvert.Hmded :tnd l(lud h()lI~eholdsofrcntl'l , 
e-.pet.iall) in thc areaSlll1 unding S:lIl Dlcgo St.lt\., .1I1d 
L D 

'\hhough thcrl' \\.1. I,ublil. mpuI.lt Tuc tidy' Illt:ctlllg, 
' llIllothy O' onndl, ,\ . r k '~llIaJl lor, ',m Dlcgo la, or 
:'vlaurl'en O'Connor. ,>:ud IIMt the l\l1l) publil ll'lllLe LlI the 
heann.!' .Ipp\.'ared in tltl' nail)' fl (/liS( 1'1" 

rlit: hcanng \\111 reslllllC at the ('oullcd· .. \IJY 2111lcel 
111. 

"OnL' of the rea~()n s that Ihe he'lrlll~ \.1 L '1l11111h,'d \\,1 
tl) ... llet] pcopll' bt:com' nH>n: .m.uc 01 It, () l 11ll1l'1 
L'xplaincd 

Saul Levine/Guardian 
Cinco de Mayo Syncopation - Chicano rap group 'A Lighter Shade of 
Brown' performed Thursday in the Price Center as a part of the fes tivities 
leading up to yesterday's Cinco de Mayo holiday. 

If pas'>l'd. thc rcglll,ltiolh \\l uld c.11I It r ,II I a: tort. 
bathroom PC'" four It: I Cllh, a 1llillIlllUlll of, (l slju.lfC Il't:t 
of bedroom :-'p:Il'C I(.'f each re idt:nt a 1l1l1l1r111111l of I () 
,>quaJc ket 01 ,Iwed It\ing spa t:, <lnd t:nollgh parklllg 
I ace to at:commodate onl! k,>~ thall .hc tlll.11 number of 

.ldult rl'sid 'illS. )lIlCC much 01 tht: 111)11'111" .l lkctcd \\()uld 
reqUIre cllstl. renovation to mcet the legul.ltlmh. the 
Prol r) v~lul: wIlllik 'I incl~u c· n' ult 

Beach Booze Ban Lifted Due 0 
Petition Drive; Public Vote Likely 

ACl'ordlllg to A"'SlJClatl'd Studcnts 1'1t:~lde!ll Acusttn 
Oro/co, the majorit\' of spt:a)..n suppnrtlllg tht: I'r po~cd 
regulatIons at Tucstlay', h 'a1ll1~ compl.lI11ed '''Ibout par 
lI1g,loutl partie,>, that the "ituuenh .11\ a. gol ('ut of hand, 
that the) didn ' . kecp thclr places de.1Il .lIlt! ,I t 1I1lch of 
C.XCU.l'S hke that." 

Orozco \uld that most )1 Ihe cOlllpl:unh , ' 1 lie Imlll 
area~ near SDSt.:. !lot U( '0 . was slated to take effel't. By Sheryl Wolcott 

Staff Wnter 
citywide ban on alcohol at San Diego 

parks and beaches will be put to a public 
vote after a petition signed by thou<;ands of 
local citizens caused the !>u~pension of the 
law. 

People to Ban thl' Han. an organization 
which htl.'> campaIgned heavily agaIn"t the 
ban, turned in 46,73 I signatures on its [)Cu-
lton which Adams said was "plenty to put 
the ban on hold." 

Opponents of the ordlllaJlCe~ say that limllJtinn~ on 
tenants would decrease landlord.' 1\'nt.11 incollle, :Ind I1n1lt 
housing options for :-.tudenb .lfltl other renter.-, 

The City ouncil will voteon May 13 to 
either re cind the law and hold a special 
electi n, orput the issue on the ballot during 
next September's primary election, Adam 

Graduate Student A.,sociatlon President Da\ cd Fre-
mont said that the regulations would ~ct up ''.1 dichotomy 
between renters and owner..." 

According to Mary dams, a repre 'en-
tative from the office of San Diego Mayor 
Maureen O 'Connor, the ban was lifted on 
the afternoon of April 13, the day the law 

According to Fremont, the regulations would only 
affect renters, tlcspite the fall that complaint '> ·ould.ill t a.., 
easdy be gener.lted by the behavior of homeowllI.fS. 

See BAN, Page 3 

UDGET LUES 
• Students may have to pay 40% more in fees, 
faculty and staff pOSitions are already being reduced, 
and equipment budgets are feeling a strain 
By Wileen Wong 
Guardian Reporter 

Itwa a"Valentine' DayMas acre,"accord-
ingto the University of California Student Asso-
ciation. 

On Feb. 14,che UC Board of Regent passed 
an eight-point plan to balance the 1991-92 uni-
versity budget and make up a $295 million 
shortfall in state operating funds. The shortfall 
was created by cuts in Governor Pete Wil on's 
199 I -92 budget, called both "the wor t budget in 
modem hi tory" and a "di aster" by UCSD 
Chancellor Richard Atkin on. 

The $295 million shortfall was a mammoth 
sum, equivalent to th entire operating budgets 
of C Santa Cruz and C Ri erside combined. 

The regent ' plan will re ult in 17 I million 
in cut, affecting all area of the university. 
Specific targets tholt wi ll be Jffected include 
taff. tudent feL.: . facu lt}, enrollment, mainte-

nan e,equipmentpurchase .andacademicmer-
it pay. The chancellors and vice chancellors of 

each campus wi ll also decide where specific cuts 
will be made. 

"The magnitude of the problem means that 
we cannot avoid widespread pain throughout the 
university," UC Senior Vice President of Aca-
demic Affairs William Frazer explained. 

A most student know by now, some of that 
pain will come in the fom of the regent-pro-
po ed 40 percent fee increase, set to take effect 
beginning of Fall Quarter, 1991. The increase i 
expected to generate $40.5 million for the uni-
versity. 

The increase, approved by the Board of Re-
gents in February, wou ld raise in-stale fees to 
$650 a year, bringing year\} fee:, (0 a total of 
$2. 145. Outof-~tate students would pay an addi-
tonal 15 percent, raising their fees and lUitl n to 
$10,130 a year. The c ccs WIll be effective Fall 
Quanel, un less thc state Icgi. laturc decid s to 
allocate more funds to public schoob h -fore 
approving the budget 111 Jun . 

tudent enrollment will al 0 be affected by 

See DORM, Page 3 

thecri is. There are plans to reduce the enrollment 
of new tudents by 5,500 over the next three or 
four yean. in the areas of undergraduate, graduate, 
and health sciences. While the top 14.25 percent 
of Cllifornia high chool graduates are guaran· 
teed acceptance, that number will be reduced to 
12.5 percent, the minimum percentagc allowed 
by state law. 

Consquentially, th' reductillll in tudents will 
lead to a reduction in faculty . 

ccording to .1 C budget update publIcation, 
nearly 360 pr fesor poltions will be eliminated, 
as WIll 100 teaching as. i ... tant po:-.itions. n1i~ plan 
willl:.>e e;\pected to offsd 35 milhon of the $295 
mllli n shortfall. 

See BUDGET Page 6 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

Anne Frank Exhibit, Lecture Series 
To Continue Through June 5 

To commemorate Anne Frank. her family. the Jews of 
the Netherlands, and all other victims of the Holocaust, 
UCSD is hosting a free exhibition from May 7 to June 7, 
titled "Anne Frank in the World: 1929-1945." 

Theexhibit is an intemationally acclaimed educational 
exhibition organized by the Anne Frank Center in 
Amsterdam. It presents a broad picture of historical devel-
opments during the Nazi era while focusing on daily life 
in both Germany and occupied Holland during this period. 

The exhibition will be open every day from 8 a.m. to 
8 p.m. in UCSD's Price Center, Ballroom A. 

(t contains more than 600 photogmphs from Dutch and 
German an:hive ' , as well as photos from the Frank family 
collection, a model of the Secret Annex where the Fnmks 
hid, and parts of manuscripts wrillen by Anne Frank. The 
award-winning videotape "Ju t a Diary" will also be 
shown at regular intervals. 

The exhibit is beillgheld in conjunction witha free, 10-
week. public lecture series titled " Racism, Genocide, and 
the Holocaust," which will continue through June 5. TIle 
lectures arc held on Wedn~ days in HSS, room 2250. and 
begin at 7 p.m. 

ProfessorChri~topherBrowning from Paci fic Lutherdll 
Universi ty will discu~s orne of the causes of the Holo-
cau~ t 011 Wetlne~d3y. H i~ lectu re, "Perpetrators of the 
Ilolocau t: Desk Murderers and Shooters" will focus 0 11 
the people who cont ribu ted to Holocaust crimes. both the 
deci ion makers and tho e \ ho carried them ut. 

On May 15, Professor Peter Hay from orthwestem 
Vni ver~i ty will discuss corporate involvement in the 

llolocall~t in a lecture entitled, "Profits and Pe ecution." 
I rays is eurrently researching erman big busine s and 
the dl po ses. ion of the Genmm Jews. 

In addition ro visito~ from the univers iry communiry, 
more than 4, secondary !.chool tudents frol11through-
out San Diego county will visi t the ex hibit. The students 
will be escorted through the exhibit by VCSD students 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

serving as volunteer docenL~. 
More than 40 UCSD students have signed up to work as 

docents. To prepare for the job, the students are expected to 
read relevant literature, attend the lecture series, and partici-
pate in the docent training program conducted by Comelis 
Suijk, international director of the Anne Frank Foundation in 
Am terdam. 

For more information, calI VCSD Extension aI534-3400. 

Grove Gallery to Display Artful 
Furniture by American Designers 

Artfully made furniture will be the focus of a new exhibit 
at from May 9 to June 22 at the Grove Gallery. The furniture 
on exhibit in U 130 Height + Girth: Fifteen American Furniture 
Designers" all confonns to the shipping indusrry standard of 
130 inches in height and girth. 

An artists' reception will be held from 6:30-8 p.rn. on 
Friday at the galIery. 

Fifteen well-known and emerging furniture designers from 
across the country have been inv iled to show objects made of 
wood and other materials, including chairs with painted 
finishes or fabric covering, tables with unusual characteristics 
such as anns in place of table legs, and cabinets with painted 
or natural finishes . 

The artists include Wendy Maruyama from San Diego, 
Charle Marlc-Walker and Peter Shire from Los Angeles, and 
Cheryl Riley from San Francisco as well as anists from the 
Midwe t and the East Coast. 

The exhibition is co-curated by Ron Smith and collector 
Karen Heftmann of San Diego. 

The Grove Gallery, located in the Student Center, is open 
Tuesday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and on 

aturday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Campus Oaycare Facility to Benefit 
From Family Fun Carnival Saturday 

An on-campus carnival has been planned for family fun 
and entertainment to benefit the Early Childhood Education 
Center, an organization which provid campu daycare. The 
camival. called The Family FUll Carnival, will be held on 

aturday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
Events planned include storytelling by acdaimed avajo 
~toryteller Geri Kearru.. She will be telling torie like The 
Twin War Gods, and Coyote Humor. 

Animal characters from The San Diego Zoo and Sea 
World a weU as a fire engine di play, face-painting, game 
booth , and more. 

A silent auction will highlight the carnival. Prizes such as 
family passes to the San Diego Zoo and Sea World, a family 

by Bill Watterson 

lllt'i 5,'., t\\£ SR:QEr OF 
soc.c\0S5 IS Bt,tt-\G f,.r 1\\( 

RIG~T PlAcE ~T 1ll\; RG\r 
TI"'~ . 

\llll SIt1G:. '100 ~t,(£R ~ 
~\\HI 1\\t RIG\\\' TIME IS 
<Q.Olt-IG Tl ~, 1 F IG~ \\IE 
1R.\c\:: IS To n~\) ll1t. RIG\\T 
PLACE, A~\) .)IJ')T ~ j\.ID~:~'1f 

AND IF nlE. RIG~\ 1'I.ACE 
I":. I~ F~ cr TIlE OM 
'STOllE.. lit COULl) ~A\) 
(eM\( SOO'tS W\\IlE. 

\'IE 'MIl.' 

Monday, May 6, 1991 

photo caravan at the Wild Animal Park, a children 's 
bicycle, framed anwor!<, family portmits, a mini-televi-
sion, and custom jewelry have been donated for the auc-
tion. 

'The event to; a fundmiser to help the daycane provide 
nedded equipment for the daycare' new addition sched-
uled to open in the falI of 1991 . 

Admission is $2.50 per child, adults free. All activities 
are free upon admission. 

The carnival will be held on Warren West field, at the 
comer of Lyman and Voight Drive off of Old Miramar Rd. 
For additional information call 534-2768 or 534-3903. 

Women's Panel to Discuss Raising 
Awareness of Ethnic Issues 

As pan of World Fest '91, randomly selected individu-
als from women's students ethnic organizations will hold 
a panel discussion 00 Friday from 1-2 p.m. in the Price 
Center Gallery. The subject of the discussion at the forum 
will be "Etbnicity at UCS D." The objecti ve of the event is 
to encourage multicultural understanding and enhance 
student awareness. Students are encouraged to attend and 
voice their opinions. 

Career Services Sponsoring Info 
Seminars on Job Hunt Strategy 

The Career Services Center is offering two special 
events for students who are looking for jobs in recession 
time or are interested in environmental careers. 

On Tuesday, a seminar,titled "Job Hunting in a Reces-
sion: How to Come Out a Winner," will provide students 
with creative job sean:h stmtegies and greater goal flexibil-
ity through a panel discus ion with expert in the field. The 
session wiU be from 3 to 4:30 p.m. at the Career Services 
Center. 

On Thursday, a panel of experts will explore different 
aspects of variolls professions in "Environmental Careers 
in the '90s." The se ion will be from 3 to 4:30 p.m. at the 
Career Services Center. 

Student Health Offers Sessions 
On Birth Control Infonnation 

Student Health Service is offering infonnative sessions 
on birth control every week. 

Birth Controllnformation Ses ion are every Monday 
at 2 p.m .. Tuesdays at II a.m. and 1 p.m., Wednesdays at 
I p.m., and Thursdays at 10 a.m. on the econd floor of the 
Student Health Servics Building in the Women's Clinic. 

For more infonnation, call 534-2669. 

GUASkllIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBtN MACLEAN, Managing Editor 
LES BRUVOlD, Associate Sports Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, Associate Features Editor 
JAMES COLLIER, Design Editor 
BtLL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMIL TON, Associate News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Associate News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Associate Arts Editor 
HEATliER HOLTZCLAW, Associate Sports Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, ArtslEntertslnment Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
MEL MARCELO, Associate Graphics Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associate Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Associate Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNELl, News Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, Features Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, ArtslEntertslnment Editor 

SenIotSWIWrflm: Bon Ilo)<:IU. Blyan [Us. G1lg Ooon. Bnan 1Iow, p,m. ie, L""lLoh. 
MIChael Schwartz 
Stall Wr;tert: Zachaty Bennan, Pau 81S1'op. Waller 8115. Rac:hoj 8Iad¢un. [)eti)oe BIOnsterl, 
GawlChnsty, fwtt Clalb, p,tAaCooea T"""'YCrawlofd. RdlCr1lpau.James DaIIow. M 
t:amest. Craig ~en. AIfssa Eniao. ArdI ... Goy1cn. Dara GNhrarna1l. Re. Grayner. Keny Hal. 
SImon HctIJs. PIlj keland. Greg Kna\SS Nrrt Knoka. Jenny 1(0. Joel Killman. Dave Lri>e<g. 
Dovelall, Nave9:j M_. Ken PI01man. JoI Piman. Too 1'001!1. DoObe Rosenchal, Smith 
Sanda. Ero: SdvnIl, Do<.oShaddle.JLIie ShPIan. Stephanoe&mon.JoM StecMll Jeff StodeI. 
Grog:r( Waypa. NaNn Wilson. C. iin W~. Sneryl WOIocII. Greg Wrenn 

Photog""","rs:SeM~. CMsIInaHulz .... P.InciaJoltie GaiI~. SueM_,Dan McDow_ Arne SoGm. RInas Uzg<1S. _ Vann 
IUInI ... :Cam l .... Leigh Anne McComoI.l/lO)'. KI1y Roo. Jon;dhan T ~ Helin T ... 
Man: ~"91MI 
E4iIorioI_: James If9NIn 
TypiotJ: MoissI F...t. MKtawtz. SeM 0'C0m0I. OaveWynor , . 
Copy Roodors: Greg HIAbUIer,.ua paltUy. MaMa Patuy. JtssitSprilger 
ProcU:IlDot: Grace CIU. DaIIII Wyn« 
Trwkq ~ 50th SIoItr, 0- Wyn« 

BOB OeANDREA, BUllne" Mansger 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdvertIsing DnlgfHIf 
E, LEIGH HENRY, CIa .. ffled R.",..sfHlta,lve 

~1Iop_'" u ; SIwTy Froudoteorgor. Terri &tIdr. 0a.Q5N<I:Io.KaIIo Stqe 
--. AIIIIIInII: L.n 1IeIongit. DtIiII CaM. PIOio vlladaiid 
a.a.n: DorioI CaM. Jot t.. ~ til 

77w1.CSO_,,*,",M<rGoys IRl11vKtorsmmo,,-!M'by"""'''''-Ciucso.~Ci"_h..,lrm._h_"'h~ ....... ~_...., 
..-c"., ..... ,_77wUCSO'_.,.,,~1Or .. _Ci __ 
.......... n. ___ h ..... lRltignIO ...... _cI> ... -tr_ .. 
_"".,UCSO'_ .. ~oI_ ..... __ Tht_.1n!od 

-'br~ __ a.p."""" 
&IIariaI: .53U58O, ...... ar- 5J4.lWI. Fax: SU7691 
UCSD Guorc#ion, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, Ma)r 6,1991 

BAN 
Continued from page 1 
said. 

Becau e the primary in Septem-
ber covers only hal f of the city, an 
additional $500,000 would be re-
quired to put the alcohol ban to a 
citywide vote. according to Lisa 
Gonzalez, a repre entati ve from the 
officeof City Counci I member Abbe 
Wolf heimer. 

The next citywide election is not 
cheduled until 1992. 

Gonzalez said that Wolfsheimer 
"probably doe n't want to put [the 
ban] on [September's primary] bal-
lot because it will cost. .. a lot of 
money." 

Wolfsheimer, whose district in-

eludes VCSD, has been a !rong 
proponent of the park and beach 
al ohol ban. 

Gonzalez said that Wolfsheimer 
"feel he is repre enting the major-
ity ofhercon~tituents" by favoring 
the ban. 

O'Connor. however, "is on the 
record as being oppo ed to the ban 
more for the reason that it should 
come before the voters," dams 
said. 

"More than likely, [thecitycoun-
cil] will vote to rescind the ban and 
see it go before the voters," Adams 
remarked, aying that she did not 
know when it would appear on the 
ballot. 

The citywide ban was approved 
by the city council in February, fol-

The UCSD Guardian 

lowing a trial ban at La lolla hore, 
Kellogg Park, and onh Park. 

Adams said that the trial ban was 
"very effective at stopping drunk-
enne at the beach," but he que-
tioned theJustice of infringing upon 
the right of tho e who can drink 
rel>ponsibly. 

While the ban was in effect, beach 
dnnkers fa ed both a ticket and a 
fine. 

Gmduate Student Association 
President Daved Fremont, who has 
poken out again t the ban in the 

past, said he was not planning to 
attend the May 13citycouncilmeet-
ing. 

"At this point, a lot of us are 
happy that it will go in front of the 
voters," he explained. 

DORM 
Continued from page 1 

O'Connell agreed with Fre-
mont" ~ e ' ment. 

"We have 'ome people that are 
cau ing~omegrief."he said. "Those 
problems cannOl be lied in a cause-
effect way [to renters]:' he said. 

O'Connell noted that the com-
plaints about renters have been an 
i ' ue "for years. " 

"We're looking at a situation 
where thecityi beinga kedtostep 
in and orrect this behavior," he 
said. "We ought to be able to deal 
with this other than by passing a 
citywide law." 

O'Connell uggested "citywide 
mediation" as an altemative. 

NEWS 3 

Planning to move? 
BE PREPARED 

111111 
Come to the 
Off·Campus 

Housing Workshop on 
Tuesday, May 14, 1991 , 

6:30 p.m. at the 
Price Center Cove Room. 

Sponsored by 
Commuter Student Services 

and the All-Campus 
Commuter Board. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS ~~ORD ~~~ COFFEE HOu (Fn:(' COIJ,\II/lotIOIl lInci ;'1I/.allr('(lIIII('1I1 J), """ s-!o I"O/U(,. t'lntl - /WH' dll.'l1/\ (HIli ' ) . 
C? \$'«' 
• Quiche ·Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Hom~made Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house," 

OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court· Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 

'q;:;JN I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
HO"' Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 ·(re9.$55) 
1 SparK plugs Our tune up mcludes a lot more than others /1 lfIciudes, 
2 DlsinbUIOl po'nts 6 Clean & replenish all flUid & oil levels 10 Ched< unclelcamage for damage:; 
3 Condensers 7. Check brakes t t . Check coohng system & hoses 
4. Adjust liming 8 Check clutch 12. Road leSI 
5 Adjust &tIe,J angle 9. Check hghts . 

, ~~~oint M~)p!J .. e!~S~2EeCial l'~~~· 
2. Valve adjustrncn: 11 . AdjuSl umlng 21 . Checll & leplen ish an 28. Check and recharge 

Replace' t2. AdjuSI dwell angle lIuld and o'lleve~ banery. If necessary 
3 V.lvo COVel gaskol t 3. Adjust cartJurelor 22 Check elelrical system 29. Rotale Ures (d needed) 
4 Spark plugs t4. Adlust steeling box 23. Check for loose or 1051 30. Check ure plessure 
5. DlStnbutor polnlS t5 Adjus an & fuellalio mix bolls 3t lube door hinges 
6, Condensers. 16. Adjust cfutch 24 Cnsck brakes 32 Check all holders 
7, Alr finer. 17. AdjuSi brakes 25. Check cfulch 33 Check =IIng system & 
8 0.1 finer. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26 Check hghlS hoses 
9, Gas "Itel. and 19. Check & adJusl exposed 27. Check undercarnage for 34 Check emausl syslem 
10. Eng,ne 011 bells damages 35 Road lesl 

20 Lube front end 

~e F~6~~QC~;pi;t; CnI2~t~~8hkj;b5 $169 * 
Wsreplacs 

1. TransmiSSion Input shaft seal (exeep! 4 Throwoul beanng Nol.: Hydlaulic parts are nol covered 
Hondas 5 Pliol beann9s Not fOI 4WD Frolll wheet dnve e.lra 

2 Pressure plalo 6 New transmiSSion oil . 
3 ClutCh d,5C 7 Road tesl 

arake Job Special $39 *(reg $80) 
Front or rear. Blake JOb lfIciudes 

t. 'nSiall specral i1£w pads or 11151311 real brai<e shoes 5, Bleed en~re brat- s~stem 
2. Dram Old brake lluld 6, Ad.ust Iront (If drums) and rear shoes 
3 Ins,leCf comp.ete hyorauhc _(stem 7. Rep;ac8 Ironl rotor se:.Js (If 10tOl tlKn) 
4. Refill hydraulIC flu,d 8. Road test 
NOie HyOtaulOC pens are 001 '~..a.o 

Brand new parts. Ask about our special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2·year or 20,OOC).mile limited warranty. 

All prices include parts and labor, 

overseas 
Automotive Repairs 

("most cars) 
8008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

Wllh thiS ad EXPlf9S May 18. 1991 
lrall lOf appointment. 

Towing and rental car available Monday-Friday. i'30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

Eyebrows 

UPIleILJp 
Chon 

Underarms 

Breasl 

Slomach 
BIiOOI line 

Fingers 

Legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• "m~ricl1l {\kt!I,:l1 A~~(x:i:l ti )n 
,Inprm nllllelh(xl~ for rrohklll 
l ':IM" ,lIld ~e n~iti\'e ~kin 

• Medical .1Ilt! (()~tllt.:11 . ele,·tl o l),SI' 
ror men ,lilt! women 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
if/Jolla Village ProJessiOlUlI Center /3<,/llIId llepha/l( /Jar 
8')'iO I 'rl/tl Ltl jlll/fl [)r .\/(' .! I .! 1 

UC SAN IEGO' 
L.'IVIKSI I) IV!'-I; OIlIU', (;1V\1l1:A1I SCIIOOI Ot 

~A II()','I mld i'111l"fIO,",Al RJlilIICJ," 
IORl :" A .... IlI·M:IfIC Ill;1)111 

PIUS I N I 

AN EVENING WITH 

PETER 
ARN ETT 

I' LJL I r!. E It 1'11..1 n \VI. ,!: (J J U LllI..l A II I 
C"-. ,. CUgRf PUN!)f' r 

I" IIr\GH [)A[) 

I\.\AYk \\ fDN1'l[)NI,-301'1\.\. 
UC \A0J 1)lr\.j(J (~y,"~'JA)IUM 

A \1 ,", R ':/ II WI 

\ Il 1'1 "': I 
"I I (l, 

Co'M 1"'0 '(J .... k( l' 

... ..... ...... , ....... .... ~ • ••• • .... ~-..-. • • • _ •• • • ~ ... •••• .. ~ ....... .. _, .. ..... li e .... .." ..................... .. . . .... .. .-.............. -



OPINION 
4 OPINIO N 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PH IL GRUEN. Ednor In Chief 
ROBIN MACL A , Managing Edllor 
JA ON SNELL. ews Edllor 

TM VCSO CIWf'dJtllf b pul'\hmcd ""ICC! I ~t"tk. II the UmvcnJl)l or (.dlttJmla. Sm tnt'SU. Conl(nt~ 
Cl9Q I Vle ..... t\prt\\Cdhc:retn ~prt'!otnllhe nuJOnty YOltO(rht edLton'\ tnard. InditC rk)( nel..~sunly 
lh05C of lhc l,.:C I.luard uf RCj:r:nil. the: ASUCSO. nor the tlltuc GU4UJliJn lW'i 

FINLAN AND STEFAN 

Manipulating the Media? 
The lead ~tory in the lru.t is. ue of the Gllardian involved 

allegations that Dr. Vladislav Stefan. the president of the Institute 
for Advanced Physics Studie~ . was not paying students who 
worked at the in!>ti tute. 

What'" lost in the allegations made by three UCSD ~t udent s 
who had worked fOf Stefan, however. might be an even more 
importanr aspect of the story - apparen t allempts by both Stefan 
and one of the students, fonnef Student Advocate Bard-Alan 
Finlan, to manipulate the Gllardian and u e it as a tool in their 
own negotiations. 

In conversations with Guardian reporter Rachel Blackburn, 
Stefan indicated that he had reached a tentative damages sen le-
mem with Finlan. But, he told Blackburn, that settlement in-
cluded a promi e from Finlan to ask Guardian editors to not pri nt 
the tory in the Thursday, May 2, issue. 

Finlan . eemingly acknowleded such an agreement when 
speaking both 10 Blackburn and Guardian News Editor Ja n 

nell before the issue went to press. He asked both of them to hold 
off on the story, and, Blackburn report , Finlan said that perhap 
he had "misunderstood" Stefan, a native of Yugo lavia. But 
despite hi s newly found "sensitivity" to Stefan's background, 
Finlan continued to mock tefan' accented speech. 

It 's clear that one of the reasons why Stefan decided to try and 
settle with Finlan was because he didn 't want any bad press. 
Finlan tried to use the Gttardiall toaid him in his receiving money 
from Stefan, lind it seems that it brought tefan to the bargaining 
table. 

But once Finlan had u~ed the possibility of bad pres as a 
pressure ta tic, he joined with Stefan in trying to delay (or 
perhap eliminate) coverage of the allegation5 against Stefan. 

Both partics ~h uld be a.,harned of their blatant allempts to 
manipulate the media. Stefan's wish to keep possibly damaging 
infonnation about him out of the press is understandable. but his 
repeated phone call to the Guardian, trying to convince its 
editor.. that the issue wru a personal one between Finlan and 

him~e1f were mi guided. 
The fact remains that Stefan recruited tudent workers was 

through the job board at the Career Services Center. Several 
students complained about the way tefan treated his workers, 
and alleged that it wa difficult to exact the wages due to them 
from the doctor. Since other students might be recrui ted by 
Stefan. these students ' allegation were extremely newsworthy. 

It' hardly surprising that Finlan would allempt to manipulate 
media coverage, however. In his many years at UC D, Finlan 
has often alerted Guardian editors to "potential news stories," 
many of which, unlike this case, seemed to affect only one 
student - Bard-Alan Finlan. 

Late last year. while trying to acquire T -REG codes for music 
clas es. Finlan was involved in an incident in the Music Depart-
ment office. Police reported receiving a call asking for Finlan 's 
removal from the office. But what was Finlan' fi rst response to 
being removed by the UCSD Police Department? He instructed 
a fellow tudent to go to the Guardian office and tell its edi tors 
about the incident. 

In a certain sense, Finlan is media- avvy. He ha often used 
the Guardian effectively to promote himself, even if the issues 
involved were minor, at best. And in the past, the Guardian has 
taken hi bait. A front page tory in October 1989 sprang from a 
di crepancy in the general education requirements for Revelle 
College Engineering majors that Finlan had found while poring 
overacademic regulations. "r thought [the discrepancy j was kind 
of funny.' he said at the time. All other academic officials 
interviewed in the story considered it completely unimportant. 

Unlike other media-wise individuals at UCSD - such as 
fonner A.S. President John Edson - Finlan has not been as 
selective with what he brings to the media. After several ()f his 
'story leads' were not reported by the paper because they were 
judged as lacking news value, he aid that he had "lost a lot of 
faith in the Guardian ... " but was willing to give it one more 
chance. 

In the Stefan ca~e, whut hc brought to the Guardian's atten-
tIOn wa~ actually important. It ';, a shame that when he finally had 
something important to tell thcGllardian, he tried to silence itas 
iooon a he had a tentative guarantee of"hu h money." 

T h e UCSD Guardian Monday, May 6, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

You've Done a Hell of a Job, George 
• The war, the Kurds, a New World Order - they fell for it! 

Note: We were attempting to clean Ollt the stacks of 
paper under which our Opinion desk is etemillly 
buried, when we came across this mysterious, hand-
wr;rten (elter. PerlUIpsfrom its Kicty Kelley-like scan-
dal mollgering, or perhaps from his signature on the 
last page, it didn't take liS long rojigllre outtllat irmust 
have been written by that'shamelessly two1aced Pit-
man geek. Atfirst we thought if was ajoke, bul soon we 
realized that this nwnster was jllst the kind of rat-
bastard liar capable of such a flagrant affronl to 
humal/decency. So, in the interest ofnationa! securit)" 
along wi(1I the hope thar someone will fake it upon 
themselves to s[)are fhe world by bludgeoning (his 
fiend illto a bloody pilip, we decided to print it. alld 
expose Pitman as the belligerent menace he is. We are, 
after all, the Guardian. 
TO: GEORGE BUSH 
Dear George, 

George, is making this a kinder, gentler nation," 
you're free to shoot off around the world, slaughter-
ing hundreds of thousands of people in Third World 
countries. This, of course, is cool, because what fun 
is there in being pre ident if you can't have people 
killed? 

Then there's that "New World Onder." Those 
fools in the press thought you meant a fresh peace 
and stabi1ity for the globe. But they don ' tknow you 
likeldo. ljustlaughed andlaughed, 'cuz I knew you 
meant that the New World (us) gets to order the rest 
of the planet around. 

The only problem is, despite all this fun, you till 
have to keep up the appearances - throw a few 
token bones to the rabid media hordes. You know, at 

Hey buddy. what's up? It's 
been too long since our lastcorre-
spondence. I was kind of worried 
there for a while, thinking maybe 
you had taken all that crap [wrote 
about during the war seriously. 
But then I figured, " Hey, he 's a 
sman guy, he 'll realize that I was 

AMATEUR TERRORIST!Jt~F FI~\W~ 

first I was a little upset when 
you okayed helping out tho e 
Kurd leeches. The last thing 
we need is to start throwing 
out more free food and money 
tostarvingbumsbeingmaimed 
and killed. by their govem-
ments. It sets a dangerous pre-
cedent - why, the next thing 
you know, people will expect 
the LAPD to pay Rodney King 

ju t following his example of teUing the people what 
tbey want to bear, then doing the exact opposite." 

It worked, man! J got all those stinking liberal 
morons to fall forit hook, line, and sinker. J reeled them 
in by crucifying you (not in effigy this time, you'll be 
happy to know) and now that I have 'em by the throat, 
[can start mmming my own ageodadown it. .. just like 
you! What a strategy. 

Y cah, I've gotta hand itto you. Afteronly two-and-
a-half years on the job, you've got this presidency 
thing nailed down - beaten, bound, gagged, and 
shoved in the trunk. And you had it from the start. 

That "read my lips" thing was amozing. You bad 
everyone so bu, y looking at your mouth, they couldn't 
see what you were doing with your hands - like 
stamping "Veto" on the Civil Rights bill, trying to sign 
in tax breaks for yourself, authorizing military attacks, 
Phew! You had the press and the public running in 
circle ,like a pack of small-brained, tail -chasing mutts, 
trying to figure out what the hell you were up to. 

You j ust always seem to come up with the key 
sound-bite calch-phrase needed to throw all the vul-
lures off your track . Like that whole "kinder, gentler" 
trip. [think you've really hit on something there. All 
you need to do to be a popular president is to feed the 
people lines they desperately want to helieve. And 
wbile they're all sitting at bome, sighing contentedly, 
"AlJh! I feel 0 afe knowing that our president, Saint 

for giving hi m the savage beat-
ing he so obviously deserved, and we both know the 
danger of letting the poor have money. 

But then I realized that this was just another 
stroke of 01' George's genius. All those screaming 
liberal louts will be so happy that we're doing "the 
right thing," bailing out millions of homeless Kurds, 
that they' U forget aU about the millions of vagrants 
living on the streets here in the U.S. of A.! Genius, 
pure genius. 

Ob, and anotherthiog: [thought it was extremely 
cool the way you dragged out the Gulf War so that 
the ground war lasted exactly 100 hours and Desert 
Storm itself lasted exactly 40 days. Sure. Saddam's 
forces were beaten and retreating ages before tbat, 
but think: of all the fun the allied bomber pilots bad 
blowing up all those trapped Iraqi troops trying to 
scurry back to Basra in the final hours. That was 
probably a good 20,000 deaths they would have 
missed out on if you'd called it off when Iraq first 
Slatted whimpering: "Uncle." 

Ah, the power and the glory ofthe White House. 
You've done a bell of ajobso far, and nobody seems 
to have caught on to just what a cake-walk it's been. 
Keep it up. man, and keep in touch, 

YOU'b~~ ? i 

Monday, May 6 , 1991 The U CSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Vanness Harris' Letter Proves He is a 'Grand Idiot' 
Editor: 

Didn ' t Student Affirmative Action Com-
mittee Chainnan Vanness Harris realize that 
his most recent masterpiece, "Welcome to the 
'Tri-Idiot-Thon'" (April 29), would leavehim 
open to the scorn and ridicule of every think-
ing member of the UCSD community? Ap-
parently not. Aside from the fact that Harris' 
letter is rife with cheap shots, poor grarrunar, 
and endless contradictions, the letter suc-
ceeded in destroying any shred of credibility 
SAAC may have had with the student body. 

Harris ' own words betray him and hi 
devious motives. First he denies the allega-
tion that SAAC wishes to "sti fle the voices" of 
the Guardian. He a sures us that the point of 
SAAC's utterly mindless rally for "aware-
ness" was "solely aimed at making the Guard-
ian staff aware of. .. consistent negative ste-
reotypical views and derogatory remarks that 
were being published." But Harris lets the real 
purpose of SAAC's rally come out when he 
points out, for no apparent reason, that "if the 
Guardian were to be eliminated, maybe cred-
ibility could be given to real papers like the 
new indicaror." 

1n the past, Harris has been quick to point 

Journalists Must 
Be Responsible 
Editor: 

In the article "SAAC Reps, 
Guardian Editors Discuss Paper's 
Treatment ofissues of Color," (April 
15) which states the concern of 
SAAC organizations about the 
GUllrdian' s inadequate coverage of 
"issues involving people of color," 
Editor in Chief Phil Gruen is quoted 
saying that "a numher of the prob-
lems [in coverage) arose simply from 
the nature of joumali m;' and goes 
on to say that often the editors don 't 
get these articles until just before 
deadlines and that they don't have 
time to check every source for accu-
racy. 

Having been a newspaper editor, 
I know about the hardshipsand stress 
involved in meeting deadlines. Yes, 
running a newspaper involved tre-
mendous labor and, yes, it is a very 
"fast-paced business." 

However, that doesn't give edi-
tors an excuse to print inaccurate 
articles. 

Gruen says, " It is unfortunate 
when we don 't have the story ." Very 
unfonunate indeed. Unfortunate for 
the persons the articles are about, 
since they are misrepresented by 
bad writing. Unfonunate for the 
newspaper's readers, since they get 
misinformed and sometimes end up 
believing half-truths (half-lies). nd 
also unfortunate fo r the editors and 
the newspapers they represent, si nce 
they completely destroy their cred-
ibility and reputation "by printing 
half-stories. 

The nature of journalism is to 
inform people in an accurate and 
precise manner, and in no way what 
Gruen implies in his comment. Jour-
nalism is about responsibility, not 
about just getting the job done. Get-
ting well infonned is something that 
should concern the whole UCSD 
community. 

Jorge Martinez 

out that ;;ignorance has no color." Neither 
does tupidity. Harris is both ignorant and 
stupid. Or perhaps he would be better de-
scribed as idiotic. 

Only acertifiable idiot would advocate the 
elimination of a student paper because it does 
not support his political agenda (and only an 
idiot of the highest order would consider the 

/lew indicator to be a "real" newspaper). 
When Ham talks about "awareness" and 
"sensitivity" we know that he real ly means 
cen orship. 

Ham ' letter proves that he is little more 
than a petty opportunist and a demagogue. He 
is the Gnmd Idiot, to whom all other idiots pay 
tribute. Perhaps in the future, Harris will 

remember his own adVice (thi s time in its 
correct phraseology) before he decides to 
make an a s of himself in the public afena 
again: " It is better to remain silent and be 
th<.'ught a fool than to speak and remove all 
doubt." 

Bob Kuy Chen 
Oscar T. Cohin 

~~Y~~AA) Almost 0 century of tradition. The embodiment of pride, excellence, ond heritoge. UCSD proudly presents the Black fraternity Step Show ot the hump. f?t' POLITlCAL~ 
CARTOONS 

UNLIMITED 
What 

happened 
to unity? 

"'-

BLACK & WHITE 
CARTOONS OF COLOR 

What is this, an LAPD 
___ training session? 

Who needs lynch 

, , 

mobs or klans-
men when 
Black 
people do 

this to their 
own? Are we 

on Tom 
Metzger's 

payroll, or 
what? 

UCSD'S FAC 'R-V:: O.ufL:EI. CLOTH I NG· :sAL E -:. 
'. . .. ... . .'. '. .' . .. .. ": . . . . .' . 

50% -90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• LIMITED • TWEEDS • EXPRESS 
• LINE-UP • MEMBERS ONLY 

• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. EAST PAST HWY. 805 
LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON LEFT) ... EASY! 
450·3323 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bring this ad. Expires 5115191 7& 

Mon.·Fri. 8·5 
Sat. 9·2 549·8233 
Written guarantee quality parts, 

AUTOMOTIVE 
Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 

to Foremost Business Park, Suite F 

.. 

I 
8545 ArJons 0:; 

SUite F 

• 

Miramar Rd. 

:.: 

. ; .: 
.0: 
.: 

~------------~------------------------------~ 



6 NEWS 

Z~lbrrQ Copy 
Self ServIce Was Never So fRSP 

t/NoWaidng 
ti' AutofeecJ 
V Collating 
V' ~ ADistance 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

I UNLIMITED 3 5 ~ I 
: COPIES· ,., : 
I wMtIlhls coupon • 8.5 X 11 201 whltll autotaad I 

uplr •• 5131191 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

Let Us Earn Our Stripes! 
4150 Regents Park Row • 619/457- 1007 

La Jolla • Next to Ben & Jerry's 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily ofl Lcm>c~ xlclldcd Sofl Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
D.I!ly gil ' perm. hard Bro"'l1 cyc~ 10 blue 

*In ludc~ : CL exam. care kit , myopic lenscs. 30 day follow up. 
Brand, include B L. ooper, WJ. Parapenn, 

IOffer "1"'<1 ~/1 V/\ 1 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 CIa II C 1110 11 1 Me,,, l3"d. 

• Professio Service 
• Quality Eyecare 
• Reas onable Prices 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adam Ave. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BUDGET 
Continued from page 1 

The regent ' budget propo aI will al 0 reduce the 
current university staff by 1,000 employees - an 
action that is projected to save $40 million. The reduc-
tion will be accompli hed through the use of the 'Plus 
Five' early retiremem package, arrrition, and layoffs. 

"The Plu Five plan looks at people who will retire 
within five years," said Gerard Sasek, assistant vice 
chancellor for resource admini tration. "llt] will en-
courage people to retire early:' 

According to Sasek, opting for early retirement is 
c mpletely voluntary. 

"We have encouraged [supervi-
ors) to think carefully before re-

placing people," Sasek explained. 
U Senior Vice Pre idem for 

Admini tration Ronald Brady e ti-
mated that 40 percent of UC em-
ployees eligible for the plan will 
take advantage of it, thereby aving 
$35 million. The rest of the $40 
million will be made up forthrough 
attri tion and/or layoffs. 

At UCSD, thcdwindlingof ' taff 
po ition has already begun. Ac-
cording to Georgia rown , a man-
agement servi eofficer at UCSD's 
Literature Department, one . taff 
po ition in the department has been 
eliminated. 

"IThe 10 J make. it hard on the staff, but it doesn't 
effect the education of the students," Crown said. "Next 
year will be harder:' 

he went on to e].plain that departmental offices 
may have to reduce the hours they are open next year, 
"so that ~taff will have more time to do paper work." 

Conceming staff-related layoffs, Third College busi-
ness manager Pat Han en aid that the college i "pull -
ing funds from all place to keep from laying off 
people." 

Despite the elimination of faculty and taff po i-
tions, rown said that the quality of education will be 
protected. 

"The students don ' t really see [the effects 011 thl: 
cuts ," Crown said. 

a ek also played down the budget crisis' impact on 
academic standards. 

"We have always done what we can to minimize 
impact on course work," he explained. "The cuts occur 
first in other areas. [We) minimize impact on instruc-

Monday, May 6, 1991 

tional programming ... The basic meat of academic 
programs is being protected, though creating new class-
es will be much more diff! ult to d ." 

Reductions will al so be made in maintenance po i-
tions, and are expected to save $ .5 million. 

Equipment purchases will also uffer - the plan 
will reduce purchasing of in tructional equipment by 
one third, saving an expected $1 5 million. According to 
the universi ty budget update publication, tudems may 
be using older and Ie s effecti ve equipment in laborato-
ries and clas room . 

Crown said thatthi year' cut have already had an 
effect, explaining that there was no equipment money 
available. 

"The Literature Department 
couldn ' t get computers," he aid. 

Academic merit pay increase 
and laff merit pay increases, based 
on job perfonnance, will also be 
postpOned, according to Fifth Col-
lege Business Officer Barbara 
Bloomgren. The merit pay increase 
i currently expected to be post-
poned until January, 1992. Staff 
merit increa es have been moved as 
well . 

But William Baker, UCvicepres-
ident for budget and university rela-
tions, indicated that the del aying of 
pay increases could affect the qual-
ity of education at the university. 

"We need to keep in mind that deferral of merit 
salary increase poses a furtherthreattothe university's 
competitiveness, in addition to the lack of a general 
alary increase: ' he said. 

Many UCSD taff members aid they do not know 
what kind of impact the f!ve percent cut will have on the 
campus next year. Bloomgren said he ha been "cau-
tioned that next year will be difficult." 

"We will have tocut ex pen e to the bone:' he aid. 
"I just know it' going to be bad. Everyone i going to 
uffer because of it." 

Lynn Peterson, director of university event and 
student affairs, agreed. 

"The cuts will be expected to hurt, but we don't 
know how much yet," she said. "Everything is nebu-
lous." 

Some changes in university programs and events, 
according to Crown, will be the elimination ofC.A.P.E. 
(Course and Professor Evaluations), the elimination of 
temporary teaching employees, and a limitation on the 
number of gue t speakers. 

The University Center Board is Now 
Accepting Applications for the Position of: 

UnlV81all,' Ce.at,.1 a ... Clair 

~~!~~t~i;::~1~l::~!itr~~~~lf1i 
recommendations ;~n4. over~iglltlo the Uriive·~jty 

cen~~:~c?t~i~tltudent ~en~er\ ~~e ~it~!lj 
Qualifications: 

A full-time undergraduate or graduate student with at least 
a 2.00 GPA for undergraduates, or a 3.00 GPA for 
graduates. and 
One year's service on a student union board (a university 
center board) or one year's service in the Associated Students, 
Graduate Student Association, or College CounciL 

Renumeration: 
The University Center Board Chair is paid a quarterly 
stipend, which is equivalent to full-time student fees. 

To Apply for the Position: 
Please hand in a re ume detailing personal qualification and experience and 
a personal statement regarding your interest in the position to Nick Long, 
UCB Chair. His office is located in the University Center Offices, Price 
Center, 2nd Floor. 

Deadline for applications is Thursday, May 9th at 4 pm 
Questions should be directed to Nick Long, 534-4022 

FEATURES 
7 FEATURES 

• Members discuss what 
makes or breaks a committee 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Senior Staff Writer 

here are the leadership opportu-
nities at UCSD? Campus 
commillees, councils, and 
boards let tudent , as well 
a faculty and taff. get 
involved in UCSD' 
community life. 

At Revelle College 
alone, there are 26 committee with over 
100 leadership openings. The SfLldent 
Leadership Opportunities Handbook 
offers a wide range of positions from 
tutoring children to planning graduation 
ceremonies. Many of these committees, 
however, are rarely seen or heard from , 
either because of their small s ize, their narrow 
focus , or the slow nature of their work. 

What make one committee work well when 
another fails? 

"You could write a book on that:' said Nancy 
Wahlig, coordinator for the Student Safety 
Awareness Program. Wahlig, a member of the 
chancellor's Committee on the Statu of 
Women, was one of six campus leaders 
questioned about their committee' work and 
achievements. 

Committee on the Status of Women 
The Committee on the Status of Women 

is an advisory committee that meets once a 
month and makes recommendations to the 
chancellor. According to Wahlig, the committee's 
charter asks it " to identify and analyze problems 
relating to the status of women at UCSD." 

"We have made incredible progress on this com-
mittee. We have gotten a group of faculty , staff, and 
students together [who have] collaborated rather than 
[been) fragmented," Wahlig said. "Committees can be 
an incredibly positive force. Everyone's from different 
parts of campus, and brings in different ideas." 

Janet Beach, a committee member, said that she felt 
that its best feature was the diversity of its members. 

"All of the members serving on the committee [are] 
dedicated to serving women," she added. 

Both women said that they felt that their committee 
was successful at meeting its goals. A recent accom-
plishment they noted was a meeting with Chancellor 

The UCSD Guardian 

Katy Roe/Guardian 
Richard Atkinson at which they submitted their proposal 
on funding for the Women 's Resource Center. Beach 
added that she felt that the chancellor listened to them 
and was honestly concerned about the Women 's Re-
source Center. 

One thing Beach listed as helping her committee was 
"the level of discussion at meetings ... [it wns) very 

Monday, May 6, 1991 

informed. Because th is is a special committee of the 
ehancellor ' s, everyone takes their m'lI1date seriously. 
It is inspiring to work with people who arc '0 dedi -
cated ... 

Wahlig said that individuals ' parli ipation at 
regularly scheduled meetings. and the knowledge of 
other member's names. nlso helped to make the group 
more successfu 1. 

"I k.now I d n't like to talk in groups if I don't 
know who \s there," she said. 

Both women agreed that u problem with the 
comm ittee is its low profile. 

"A lot of people don't know that the comm inee 
ex ists; there are good ideas t h:u never get to the 
committee. [We) use all the resources that we 
have ... but we miss a lot," Wahlig explained. 

Revelle College tudent Committee for 
Cultural Appreciation 

The Student CUlllmittee fur CullUral AppreCia-
tion meets every Tuesday to increase cultu ral under-

standing and appreciation. and to pre~ent the perspec-
ti ves of different ethnic groups. 

"We haven't cancelled a meeting in the las t two 
year~." boasted Revell e College senior Tracy John~on . 
who hairs the committee. 

Johnson is an intern ,which means that she is paid for 
her work as chai r. When asked if he felt her committee 
was successful becaus<.: the po~ition is paid, she said that 

she would chair the commince even if she wasn 'I paid. 
Beca u51: so much work is involved, however, a paid 

intern position allows her the freedom to devote 
more time to the committee. 

An example she gave of the cOlllmittee's 
success was a fnshiol1 show put on last fall 

quarter which had a turn-out of 300 people. 
Johnson added that si nce the committee is 

young, its original members are sti ll around. 
"They have a 101 o f passion for the commit-

tee,and that passion is pas edon to the younger 
members," she said . 

Revelle College freshman Chris Gill said 
that while he felt the committee accomplished a lot , 

some of its accomplishments arc not readil y vbible. He 
said that he saw their goal as showing students that 
landi ng up for minorities is nothing to be ashamed of, 

and that they need to be more sensitive to others. 
"A lot of our ' accomplishments' are little games, not 

really important. [Promoting cultural awareness) is not 
something that happens overnight." 

Gill said that there is apathy wit hin the committee, 
and a lack of adequate publicity. He added that "people 
get angry about us sometimes, [andl amongst ourselves, 

See COMMITTEE. Page 9 

The Baghdad Bandit 
• Peter Arnett discusses getting the scoop amid Iraq's rubble 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Senior Staff Writer 

In 1960, a young New Zealander, working as an 
Associated Press stringer, found himself in the midst of 
a coup d' etat in Vientiane, Laos against its U.S.-sup-
ported military strong men. There were guns in the 
streets, and violence was everywhere. 

"It was the beginning of the U.S. decline in Southeast 
Asia," said CNN correspondent Peter Arnett, desc ribing 
his first big story in a recent interiew. "It was really 
exci ting and interesting . .. . I got som e bylines for my 
work." 

Arnett, whose current prominence springs from his 
coverage of the Per ian Gulf War from a hotel in Baghdad, 
Iraq, has come a long way since his day in Lao . Among 
his credits are coverage of countless wars and conflicts, 
one of which - his coverage of the Vietnam War -
earned him a Pulitzer Prize. 

Arnett knew from a fairly young age that he wanted 
10 be a joumalist. He explained that in New Zealand, 
journalists get their start right out of high school in four 

years of on-the-job training. 
But as for being a war correspondent, not to mention a 

well-known and respected one, " It was accidental. I really 
didn't like wars ... I had no interest in covering wars. And I 
didn' t want to die." 

According to Amell, he had been old enough to serve in 
the Korean war when he wa serving the New Zealand anny, 
but was lucky enough to not be shipped out to Korea. 

'" was really on my way to Europe when' went to 
Southeast Asia and war sort of happened around me. There 
were little wars around me, and I was a little reporter. Then 
there were big wars and I was a [better known] reporter," 
Arnett explained. 

He added that he had wanted 10 go to England to become 
a reporter on Reet Street, then the home of all major Briti h 
newspapers. "Fleet Street was the street of adventure. I did 
have a sen e of reporting and adventure, but [didn't associ-
ate this wi th being hot." 

Once he was in Asia, Arnett met prominent American 
reporters who told him war stories and taught him about war 

See ARNETT, Page 8 Miguel Buckenmeyer/Guardian 



8 FEATURES 

LA SflttDflLE 
RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HUARACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
l.fI SAHDALE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SD 92109 
488-1134 

Idnko'S· YOUR ILLNESS COULD BE PROFITABLE $ $ $ the copy center 
La Jolla 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPE.N 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Ir you have a major illness, 
you could make ., valuable 
contribution to the medical 

ommunity, and earn $ . 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis 
, Mononucleo~ i s 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 
• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 
• Lyme Disease 

$50 
and 
up_ 

• lOlling Factor Deficiency 
Sen. iti7Cd to the Rh Factor 

For more information, please contact 

MD LAIO~'ORIES 
226·1733 

l.-ound Table Pizza 
FREE DELIVERY 

I RI E ENTER BULL -EYE TAVER, 

457·206 
•••••••••••••••••••• 400 COUPON EXPlRES 6/30/91 

: Large Fabulous 5 : 
• A thin crust pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, • 
• olives, peppers and onions. $1199 • 
• 

Offer valid on Otne-tn. Cefry.Out or Delivery. pillS tllX I 
Not valid .... ,th any other offer or discount. N 

• PRlCrCrNTER/BULL'S t yt TAVrR • 

457·2060 ~~~RoundTablePizza . L •••••••••••••••••• ~ 
'-:01 COUPON EXPIRES 6/3O{91 '1 
• Purchase an $8.99 Medium Thin Crust • 
• Pepperoni and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
: or any slO;~;;~M THIN CRUST $ 00 : 
• 

Offer vahe on O,ne-In. Corry-Out or Dehvery. 4 pi ,jJ en.." • 
Not valid Wltn any a1t1er offer or Ctscount. 

• 

PRlcr CENTCR/BULLS EYE TAVERN • 

457·2060 (;N~ RoundTable Pizza. 
• ••••••••••••••••••• 
• 402 COUPON EXPlRES 6130/91 • 

• Purchase a $10.99 Large Thin Crust Pepperoni • 
• and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
• or any s,ngieLARGE THIN CRUST $600 : 
• Offer "aloe on O,ne-In. C.rryOut or Dehvery. plm tax 
• Not vahd w,th any other oHer or d,seount. PRJ [CLNTCR/BUU 'S HE UVCRN • 

• 457·2060 ~[iJ:RoundTJble Pi7.z.a • p ••••••••••••••••••• 
• 403 COUPON EXPlRfS 6/3O{91 • 

• $200 OFF • 
• • 
• LARGE THICK OR THIN CRUST • 
• Off.r valid on Otne-Jn. Carry.Qu\ or Del,very • 
• Not valid ""til any ot/lcr offer at d,seount I'R .[ cc" rR BUU 5 Dr 1 \vCRN • 

• 457.2060 ~r~RoundTJblePi~ • 
•••••••• • ••• 

The UCSD Guardian 

ARNETT 
Continued from page 7 
coverage, and began to emulate 
them. Arnett aid that when he 
learned a reporter could win a 
Pulitzer Prize for war coverage, he 
wanted one. But, he added, he did 
not know that his work had been 
entered and was surpri ed to di -
cover he had won. 

Nnell ' most recent feat was to 
report forC on the Persian Gulf 
War from within the Iraqi border 
and under the con traint and cen-
or hip of the Iraqi government. 

While thi s would be defeating to 
many reporters, Amell said that he 
was accu tomed to such cen or-
hip and therefore was often able 

to get around it. 
"Over the year, I have experi -

enced working under constraints, 
o I was familiar with it. I was 

prepared to deal with them and 
figured out ways to circumvent 
them .. .. Every day I played a game 
wi th the 'minders' [Iraqi censorsl," 
he explained. 

He added that once he was al-
lowed to broad a t live from his 
Baghdad hotel. he wa able to slip 
information in through conversa-
tions with CNN anchorpeople that 
would have otherwi e been re-
moved from wrillen report . 

Arnett has been criticized by 
many Americans and military offi-
cials for collaborating with "an 
enemy government." Among the 
cri tics i Colonel Henry Summers, 
who Arnell ays has never liked 
tlle press. 

Arnell aid, "Colonel Sum-
mers ... represents the military view 
that the public has the right to 
know only what the U.S. military 
wants the public tolmow about the 
war." 

He added that the Persian Gulf 
War was, in his opinion, the most 
severe supression of the press in 

history. 
Arnell aid that journalists im-

posecen orshiponthem elves and 
do not print infonnation that could 
inany way reveal the U.S.military' 
position or plans, and suggested 
that uch self-censorship i uffi-
cient. But he empha ized that jour-
nalists hould be able to reveal 
uch information later when it can 

do no harm. 
Arnell also aid that he would 

have severely limited the pool re-
porting rather than having it im-
po ed forthe duration of the war a 
it was in the Persian Gulf. 

.. After Grenada, tl" Jovemment 
and the military got together and 
decided that 24 hours of pool re-
porting was needed," he said. ow 
it i all pool , which is too much, 
and the pre s went along with it. 
We can ' t allow such censorship. 
Wecan't allow the military to speak 
for u . Jt is a threat to our democ-
racy, no matter how well-meaning 
it i ." 

While others have complained 
that young reporters wi th no un-
derstanding of warcorrespondence 
were being sent to the Persian Gulf, 
Amell said that he felt the report-
ers were not a problem. 

"Well, of course they're not [ex-
perienced]. but that 's what they 
said about [u ] in Vietnam," he 
said. Where you learn about war is 
going out and covering it. . . . That 's 
how we are. Basic reporting tech-
niquesare u ed. Thepointis, youlh 
is a fact of life." 

"Young people fight wars , 
young people cover wars," Arnett 
added, and conceded that he was 
one of the exceptions. 

Arnett said that while the intri-
cacies of the military may be mys-
terious to some young reporters, 
those reporters do learn quickly. 
Their job is to get an idea of what 
is going on, which can be done 
even by a reporter who is not an 

Monday, May 6 , 1991 

expert on the ubject. 
" What we don't want is mili-

tary people who do not know jour-
nali m to cover wars. They don' t 
know free pre s," Amett aid. 

According to Amen, not much 
would have made him leave Iraq. 

"The rea on I stayed was it was 
a unique event in history, becau e 
we were invited to stay. Hitler did 
not [do that] ," Arnett aid . 

"This wa a war in which the 
whole world was gang ing up 
against Iraq , and in e CNN 
reaches the whole world .. . the [op-
portunity] outweighed the risks," 
he added. 

While he would not have left 
becau e of any circumstances of 
war, he would have left ifCNN or 
the Iraqi government had orde red 
him out. And eventually, they did. 

Amen added that each day he 
worked hard to keep up his cred-
ibility oCN would find it worth-
while to keep him in Iraq. 

Arnett described hi interview 
with Saddam Hussein 10 days into 
the Persian Gulf War as "intere t-
ing." 

" He wa trying to improve his 
po ilion. He was candid; he did try 
to justi fy his move . I thought it 
wa interesting that he met me 
(and that] he wa pleasant to me." 

He also sa id that he will try to 
go back and get an interview with 
Hussein in a few months. 

Besides interviewing Hussein, 
Arnett's immediate future wil l be 
quieter. He aid that he is taking 
off a year to give lectures, includ-
ing one this week at UCSD, and to 
write a book on war correspon-
dence. Hard to believe for a man 
de cribed by many as "restless." 

" Well, there's always some con-
fli ct. But I haven't always covered 
wars .... I am just restless in that I 
like to cover stories," he said. Be-
sides , he hasn' t had a real break 
from journalism in thirty years. 

lltik,\ tI ill~'O ~.J l'@:b ill~JO 
Ethnic tlieme dinners & ~yptian lunch buffet & 

live entertainment E~yptian bell)'-dancing 
- all UCSD cafeterias- - rnternational Center-

5:00pm-7:00pm 11:30am-l :30pm 
R{b'J ~ ill0il ['{lUi\? illl-l~ 

FiIi(Jino and African International/cultUl-al 
music and dance~erformances talent show 

- Revelle Plaza- with exciting raffle prizes 
12:00pm-l:OOpm inclu<Jing a 

~~ill0il ~ 
Live cultural entertainment, airfare~ift certificate 

ethnic food sale, cultural from Council Travel 
presentations1 travel and raffle prizes for audience tu<!Y abroad mformation and Qerformers 

- Price Center Plaza- ~ -Price Center Plaza-
11:00am- 4:00pm ~ 8:00pm- lO:OOpm 

\Yo rld F rst Is IponJou:d uy: Qu n c.lT "r::..~I , f\uo<la ted S ludt'nls. Internallonal Cf:nter~ tnl~rn.Uon.1 Club. Englbh .... nlgu.Kc 
Prottnm. tnlrr-ColIC'~c Rt'sld 'Cnclt 11 ;)11 .uoclatlon. Rc.elle ColI'CCe LAn,u.~e liouu, Itlnh Collect' tnternaUonal lIouu t " "Uu.n. 
Cullur-a l Conntc li on. ne:velle l'ro Tosl O!ricc, S.ud~nl ommlucc for Cullunl A(}p"d.Uoft, Rt¥clle Uall Ad\o'hory , G raduate 
Sc: hQ(»1 vr ltdrtn3UOn rti Relntions/Padnc ~Iudiu •• \ Ju.r, fl~.~ IIt' . T hu"d. a nd ("Iul.l /\led ornl"& F.dJ ltlu~ Golden 1 rlantlc ROI ~r). 
Torn~ C'in u Ituuur.lhc \,.I SO Ovok.\1 're, Firth, "ulr,llutl1t, .nd Third n· Itlfod~ J U te: Omen 
-'\Oinntrs must lie rl.lll -I~me t LSIJ ~Iut.ltnu: or t:.L P. (uiJt'nlS Ollf' lldu per puson .. ' Ius. lJ< pre$ent to wi n . r\ . rC.rc: gi ll 
.. rti(j(;.lt(" c:ncullri,~(d r\lr U":ty d ,,1n-Q.,!1 Au r.u~ J:ifl c~, IInC~If' IH)I rfd~e,"., bl~ (or r:-D'Ih . 

Monday, May 6 , 1991 

COMMITTEE 
Continued from page 7 
people are not being 0 tolerant in 
discussions. " 

Johnson agreed that there was 
room for growth in the committee. 

" It would help to cut down on 
duplication if there were commu -
nications between other college 
ultural committee and SAAC 

committees," she added. 
Third College Council 
According to Council Chair 

Robert Glenn, a Third College 
sophomore, and Mike Holmes, a 
Third College junior and the vice-
chair ofthe council , lhe Third Col-
lege Council acts as a poli tical 
voice fo r the tudent , i respon-
sible for fundi ng Third College 
organizations and projects, and 
program events. 

Glenn said that among the 
council's recent projects are a lit-
e rary journal and the new Third 
College s tude nt newspaper. 
Holmes added that the council ha 
also been working on a festival to 
be held thi month on Third Field. 

As for its accomplishments? 
"If nothing el e ... it is a funding 

source. It could accomplish a lot 

more," Glenn aid. 
Holme was more optimistic. 
"Something we haven't accom-

plished is programming ... [bu tl we 
have had many organizations orne 
to us for support. We have gotten a 
lot of praise from organization 
that don ' t normally get support 
from [councils] like ... the Associ -
ated Students," Holme said. 

A an example, he noted that 
the Third College Council gave 
fundi ng to the Society for Black 
Engineers for a conference. 

According to Glenn, the youth 
of its members helps the council. 

"They don ' t have any prece-
dent to fo llow because they're 
brand new. They [have] nothing to 
hold them back - but they [arel 
held back by nO! knowing what to 
do," he said. 

Holmes said another advantage 
thi s year is that the council "has a 
certain ideology, where everyone 
is on the arne wavelength. Our 
council has a very consistent idea 
of [what] Third College is." 

Glenn added that the Third Col-
lege dean has been very support-
i ve, never trying 10 push the coun-
cil , and in general lets the council 
do what it wants. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Among the council ' problem 
were " regular red tape [and] poli y 
problems," Glenn said . '"A lot of 
the stuffthatllhought should have 
been done by students was done 
by the administ ration and the 
staff." 

Glenn blamed this si tuation on 
previous councils , which had free-
dom of action but could not be 
relied upon by the staff and the 
administration. 

Holme" said he fe lt that one of 
the co un il' problems wa find -
ing volunteers willing 10 do prepa-
ratory " o rk for event . 

"The problem we have with 
vo lunteers is gelling someone to 
help organize. [If] someone is or-
ganizing it, we can gel volunteers 
to do the work," he said . 

Holmes agreed with Glenn that 
the administration can be restrict-
ing. but ~aid he felt they were able 
to get around the adminislration in 
orne ca -es. 

For example, he said that the 
council developed and funded an 
all-student newspaper. Ihe Third 
Perspective. 

" It was one step. It was a large 
step, and it feel like it hould have 
been more natu ral." 

/ 

Fun, Food and Freebies. All on IBM®. See how IBM PS/2® Student 
Solutions work for you. Ask about our special student prices. 

.- ~~"" . ~O 
y;.L uC ~O(e 

1l>OO~""~ ,~ 
IBM and PSt.! are regIStered trademarks of International BUSiness Machines CorporatJon fii1' 

-- - -
----
- -- --
- - -
- - ---
- -----
-----

-- - -

FEATURES 9 

.------------~--. · ' \ . 
• When You '- ... 
• Buy Any /I. ~ 
• I 
• PIZZA ~ • • • 
• 

(" ~ 
• !f:,./;i( , 

• PASTA or V('r.<iJ.'f' • ~I • • 
• SANDWICH, • • • 
• • 
• We'll give you soup or salad • 
• • 

As us-, and a beverage • , mllaM",f (wine & beer included) • IIYdllI • j 1'2 yqtM DO'" FREE I (saveuplO$3.30) • • H ..... ' • M-JI, 110"" II pm ,.SCJt. , ,_Mid 
• ~ Sun. , 1:3001II-1 , pm Dine-In only ro r thIS special o ffer 
• I Please prescnt coupon when ordering. L11'''<"' 'i~O,q I 
• • 8873 Villa LaJoUa Dr. La Jolla VtJ/age Cellier 

• • 
• 

455·0662 
• 

• • UCSD's original Pizzeria Is 5111/ the best.' 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

When ilslime 
10 pack up 

and go home ••• (7 - rc,)~ 
);1 _ ;:" _, 5 11' - -'>' I -'( ;1 /ftl'? . if, ) IJ v:' 

'f 'itl(t§]l(~ fJ,(~~ F~\~' '. i~w' / , ~ ~ - ~' -r 'J:" '~ .-,; ~ , ~,. ,r ... 
r;"" . ( ..-- , : 
'-----------~-~ .~ '-,. , 

~ ~ 

We specialize in packing .. Custom crabng ~I / 
andpacldng & shipping small loads, • Pac~"ging SUppU9$-boxes , tape . loam 

• Stupprng from 1 to 1.000 pouncls-

,.. ""'" ... "" III "W" IHII 

Open 9-5 . Monday Ihru Friday 

including overnight deuvery 
• Insurance to S5O.000 
• Pick. up service 
. 7· to 100day deUvery 

1130 Wall 51. (next door 10 the Post OOice) 
La Jolla. CA 92037 • 454-9680 



Ts&EN ERTAINMENT 
10 ART & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, \by 6 , 1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERT AINMENT 11 

Latest Hardcore Film, 'Bloodfall,' a Success San Diego Opera's 'La Traviata' Not to be Missed 
By Andy Clarke and Simon 
Hobbs 
Staff Writers 

The process ing labs in L. . re-
cent ly saw Ihe comic twis l of 
lI ardcore Produc t ion. A fi lm 
called "131o dfall," made by stu-
dents? umt: rou con notation 
spring to even the mosl unrecep-
tive minds. Nn u's not soft porn, 
but it IS nghtfully advel1l',ed a, 
",ol1lething strange." "Bloodfall," 
the student-made film by I lardcore 
Productions premiered at the Price 
Center I[]~t Saturduy night to a full 
audience. 

A tremendou\ amounl of hard 
"ork \~l'nt into "Bloodfal!." 
lIardcore ProoUl:t101l \ thIrd and 
1110,>t reccnt film The editor of 
"Bloodfall," l.e,II<,: Lal1g~ , ~t<ltcd, 
"If you ean't Will11 up a wmerfall, 
tht:11 y IU Lan'l make a film." AI 
thnugh ~lllnC\\ hat of a LUriOll~ ~tatc 
ml'nl, the POll1 t " clc(lC: a lot of 

~\"r" 111)1 ~wcat, and Icars went 
II1tothc duh's first color film. 

"B loodfull" i~ Ihe first 16mm 
colo r film ever made at D. but 
it was not done wi thout numero u~ 
difficulties. heduled to be re-
leased in the wi nter quarter, the 
eighteen-minu t • Ii 1m wa!. delayed 

" 'Bloodfall' is about 
a group of young 
people who don 't 

care that it's raining 
blood outside on a 

stormy afternoon.,. a 
form of color 'Twi light 

Zone,' 

" LESLIE LANGS 
EDITOR, BLOODFALL" 

due to sl·ript.loeatlOIl, ,lI1d plOduc-
tion prublcl11\. lang\ e'\plall1cd, 
"It's strange. we are working \\lIh 

MeAT! 
T he new-format MCAT is here . We offer the most inten i ve 

I commercial prep course for this test in the country. If you are 
faking the MCAT in Fa ll, you hould know more about u . 

Q ur company is called Hyperleaming, founded in 1988 by a 
group o f U SD, Berkeley, and MIT graduates dedicated to 
accelerated sciences instruction, We s tarted our MCA T 

, p rogra m at UCSD one year ago, then c panded to UC Irvine, 
and now have classes at UCLA this summer. 
Our p h ilosophy is ba sed o n relearning rather than reviewing. 
When learning complex MeAT skill s, i t is our pos ition tha t you 
need e)Cten ive personal contact with true exPerts who are full 
timeJ.ca chers, not a survey-level course! About o ur program: 

• fi t" d flllS R w eek (Sunday through Thu rsday), over tro week~. 
• Oc>t'r 1,200 pages of ~ r,.-v iew materials and sample tests 
• Over 140 hours of in-ciass problem solving and rroiew! 
• Truly ex ce lll'tlt, full - tiwe instructors, all witkprutigiolJ.S d..egrees 

in their sp,cialty, who art original authors of the material tlu!y 
teach (geared entirely to the new (onnst M eAT. 

• Never more than 24 students in any class . To141 course fees: $595 
Us, (455-HXXl), the MeAT Review Course (456-4848), and Kaplan (2 77-
6744) all have prep programs in the local area. Bdon you plunk 
down hundrrds of doll.,s for ill course, call around and ,cl the facts, 
RegislTation slarted April 10th. Classes ,Lut July 7th. Enrollment is 
limited . For inJo (lOam-midnitc) call : (619) 455-1000 

..L::1U •• ___ 1 ____ .. __ 
/71 '.:11-'1::' -'lI:al -, III '!:/ 

real film , a lot of m ney , rea l ac-
tor , and real time. 0 there's a 
tremend u amOunt that can go 
wrong." That is no t 10 say thaI 
Ilardcorc Produclions doe n ' t take 
their film~ ~eriou Iy: on the con-
trary, thc voluntccf\ had put in 
many hou r and had overcome 
many recurring obsta le~ to gct 
their fi lm out onto the screen. 

Money wa~ Ihe overwhelming 
concern during the making f the 
film. "l lanlcore Production~ is not 
well known enough to have th e e 
giant corporations ~a) ing, ' Here, 
have some cash, .. ' said La ngs. 
Money comes In thr ugh po n-
.,or~, U.S. granls, and tundrai ers, 
but a~ Wi th all films. It\ never 
quite enough. 

The most diffIcult problem was. 
"tl)'lI1g 10 raise ca,h Ihal we'd usu-
all) already spent," e;\pla lned 
Langs. 

'''BIOI.lllfall' IS aboul a group 
of young people who don't care 
that it's raining hlood outside o n a 

stormy afternoon ... a 
fom1 of color 'Twilig ht 
Zone, .. ' Langs said, e m-
llhuslling that the film 

\~as not purely a n 
arthouse produ c t ion . 
"We edited wilh a col-
lege audien e in mind, 
::.tressing entert ainment, 
notohscunty," he a id. 
The music thut accom -
pallled the foo tage wa ' 
performed by lIelicop-
terand Trevor Hentho rn 
(who worked o n 
Haldcore':, previo us 
production. .. uclear 
Wasted") . Helico pter 
wrote a nd reco rde d 
thei r song specifi cally 
for "B load fall. " 

MEET LOCAL 
TEACHERS 

AND 
PRINCIPALS 

"Day of the 
Teacher" 
Reception. 
Ho.s'ted by UCSD '. 

, Teacher Ed. Progra.zn. , 

In honor of Ele lnentary 
and Secondary 
Teachers and 

Principals 

UCSD Students 
interested in 

Education: DROP IN! 

Tbura. May 9 . 1991. •• pm. - 7pD1 
t.. A.IS B . R.n., Price C ... ter 

For infD c&IJ Ctu-.. DiaW 
l.1odergnoci. Adv .... 534-7297 

" I ' m sati~fied with the fi na l 
prod uct," sa id Lang" but he ad-
mined that it could have been a lot 
belle r. "The ma in problem wa that 
' Bloodfa ll ' changed conceptua ll y 
during the fi lm ing proce s, which 

houldn' t have happened." 
Hard ore anticipated rewrite in 
the s ript, but not a drowning of 
the onginal ideas. Director Steve 
Johnson, and Editor Leslie Langs 
eemed to go off on different tan-

gents, making cohe~lOn of purpose 
practically impossible. Producer 
Aud ra T. Kokly~ \eemed to be the 
only o ne truly keeping it together. 
"Without her I think we would 
have been bU rIed," Langs said. 
"She handled people and money 
brill iantly." 

Il owever, as Langs stated, "The 
fil m i:. the product. Evel)one b 
going to judge us from It. We are 
jus t so happy with the process it-
self- that we'vcactually achieved 
thi ." The product ion "rift" had a 
pos iti veside, as it madetheediting 
proce s far mo re objective, with a 
grea t d eal of the "sentimental" f oot-
age e ndi ng up upon the cutting 
room fl oor. 

T he actors in "B loodfall:' 
name ly John M ay, Jason 
Waggoner, a nd Jennifer Bodill, 
we re picked from audi t ions at 
UCSD, and orne of them have 
si n ejoined th e c lub with a view of 
the mo re technical side. John May 
is t h e c ine m a tog rapher for 
Hardcore 's nex t film. "Sara." 

"When it comes down to it, 
everyone mucks in," said Lang, 
adding that as edi tor she also con-
tributed to the sound work, cast-
ing. and directing. 

The film was shot in a con-
tructed studio set at UCSD and at 

various people's houses. Thecred-

Its roll for at lea,t two minutes, 
emphasizing Hardcore'$ need for 
eliCiting he lp from out Ide. It was 
a cooperative effort that brought 
the film to the Price Center last 
Saturday. 

llardcorc has a form of open-
door policy to newcomer::.. As an 
undergraduate organization, it wel -
comes anybody with a true desire 
to produce independent film$. 

A lthough being a med ia stu-
dent helps tremendously, all that 
is really req uired from prospec-
tive members i dedication and 
long hours. Those with ex pe rience 
ho ld internal wo rkshop , helping 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

"lAi~ 
G~?FliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Vil la La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

MEN-WOMEN 

By Caitlin Woodthorpe 
Staff Writer 

"La TraVIata" is o ne of 
Verdi' s mos t famou w rks 
and is regarded a one of the 
cia :.ics in the opera wo rld. [n 
Ihi s roman ti tragedy, a 
doom ed relationship between 
two lovers for whol11 ocial 
preures and personal weak-
ne 'ses leads to the destruction 
of a ll they have. Until May 12. 
San D iego has the opportu nity 
to ee a "two thumbs up" pro-
duction, as the an Diego Op-
era Company close its 1991 
international ea~on with this 
l11u:.t-see of the opera circuit. 

Violetta accepts his advance. 
He moves into her villa and all 
seems blissful until (predic t-
abl y enough) tro uble appears 

T raviata ." It 's pre tty obvious 
tha t poor o ld Vioretta i~n't 
going to make it thro ugh to the 
end . But don ' t let th is deter 

Diego Opera IS mcred ible.l11c 
shcer volume and pu re sound 
q uality of the choral numbers 
b mindblowing. Butofcour,c, 

does muke a good effort, 
th ugh, for her portrayal of 
Vio letta's eventual death isn't 
too hammy and she dues the 
best he can with a pretty ri-
diculolls scenario. 

tho~ \l.ho have little experience. 
"If), u \I..lnt 10 make fi lm at UCSD. 
you )robable only get one or 
two <I, ne.' Langs pointed out, 
"Join the c1uh and the hori70n 
broa' 'I'. " 

I' Ijcore Production~ has only 
been " ound for two and a half 
yeur rt present club members 
slles t l' importance of keeping it 
gom . ,lltl!mpting at the moment 
to build, solid base for the c1ub's 
futurl \11 they really want is en-
thu~w~n' 

"1:vcl)'one ' s going to try to 
knock you down," Lungs said, " but 
it's aly,ays go ing to be worth it. " 

Verd i took the tal)' from 
Alexandre Dum~ls' novel and 
play, which wer.: based on 

Duma~' own love affair with 
the ill-fated Pari ian courte-
san Marie Duplessis, who died 
of tu berculo i at the earl y age 
of 24. Thi is the stuff of trag-
edy, with no remi ~ion for ei-
ther the characters or the audi-
ence. Act I open~ in Paris in 
the I OOs, and the heroine 
Violetta is holding a lavish 
party. he i "Ia tlaviata," lit-
erally "the fallen woman," who 
make::. her liv ing as a courte-
san (alway a euphemism for 
pro titute) in the highest of 
circles. Shedoesn 't think about 
love, but instead devote5 her 
self to pleasure and lives from 
duy to day. 

Into this comfortable c;\ist-
ence, however, comes the im-
petuous Alberto, who declares 
hiS undy ing love and devotion 
for her wi thout hes itation. She 
tries to bru h him off but he r 
suitor refuses to accept he r 
rejection, and the recalcitrant 

TraffIC accidents happen all the t ime. 

in the shape of 
A lbe rto" fa-
the r . He de-
m a nds the i r 
separation, for 
the scand a l 
they huve 
ca used is 
threu tcl1Ing his 
da u g ht er's 
chances of 
murr iage. So 

ioletta unself-
ishly gives up 
heronlychul1ce 
of true love in 
order to save 

Iberto from 
the \ mth of his 
fam il y and the 
rest of society. 

Alberto, 
howe cr. will 
not take the 
brush off so 
easi ly and he 
a cU,es her, in 
true "spurned-
lovcr" ~ t yle, of 
seeing some-
oneelse. IIein- Christine Weidinger as Violetta Valery 
suits and em-
barrasses her in front of their 
friends, much to the horror of 
al l. The gods are not on their 
side, though, and their time 
left together ~Iip:, by. Alberto 
begs and rece ives Violetta's 
forgi veness just before the TB, 
wh ich has been consumi ng her 
throughout the opera, finally 
overwhelms her. 

Admitted ly , there are very 
few surpri es in the plotof"La 

you from scei ng the produc-
tion. Opera is ml:'ant to bl! "all 
e.\pcrience" on u grand ~cak. 
something which o\'CrlLl;lds~lll 
the sen~es. If the dl:'\Ict's of 
the stol)' seem too transpar-
ent. then just let the emotion 
and the power of the musi~ 
overwhelm you. 

As one wou ld expect from 
any professional opera com-
pany , the ing ing by the San 

SMOG $1999* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
-- --

TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6 -cyl. $39.99 

• AI C Serllice $25.99' 
• Coolant Ser\llce $25.99" 

• Transmission Service $24.99' 
Cars are damaged. Peopte get hurt. But d,d you 

ever really think one woutd happen to you? 
• Brake Special (1 axle) 579.99' 

.. most carS 

C & D Auto Care 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

6660 M iramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

1 .. 800·WHAI NOW 
You might think you'll never 

need it , but here's a phone num-
ber to remember anyway. 

1-800-WHAT NOVV. It's a direct 
line to the Georgg in & Shann law 
office nearest you, and i f you're 
ever the innocent victim of a car 
accident, we can hetp. 

VVe'1i do all we can to get the 
settlement or award you deserve. 
And our fee comes only from 
what we collect for you . 

So remember the number. 
t ·8()()'WHAT NOW. You might 
need it someday. 

(iEOJ(( i( II:\, & SII. \:\'~ 
Auto A ccident Attorneys 

Mission Valley National City EI cajon Oceanside 
2851 <:.lmino Del Rio S. 1717 Sweetwater Rd. 56t N. Magnolia Ave. 2204 £t Camino Reat 

the main focu 
of Ihe ilUd-
iencc's alten-
tlon IS 011 the 
principal sing 
ers, and here 
they heard 
what the) 
came to ell pc-
rience. So-
prano Chris-
IlIle Weldin-
gel as V I lkua 
gives an Olll 
st<lndll1g per 
fOlll1anCe in a 
vel) lkmantl-
Ing role. Ilcr 
VOICl' can 
make the hairs 
on thl: back (11' 
your neck 
stand up and 
shc dldn't fail 
to hit an 'orthe 
notes. 

In Al:t IV, 
h 0 II e \' cr. 

cldl "trel 
chcs things too 
fur. Violetta IS 
a frai I woman 

dymg of TB , yet shc can stili 
manage tll sll1g the most in 
cn:dihlc .lrias, Til" has al ways 
been audience's higgt'st gripe 

\~ itll "La Traviata,' for during 
Itsprcmicrcll1 Venlccln 1853, 
the audience just laughed ull 
the way through the last act. 
because it was simply non-
sense that the overweight so-
prano could be dy ing of al1y-
thing,lcustofall TB.Ginsberg 

I ler opposite is Fernando 
De Lu Mora, who plays 
Alben0, and he make!> his de-
but with the SDO in this pro-
duction. lit! IS cxtrelllel) con-

ViI1CIl1~! 111 1m portray al of the 
nalv,,: and Impetuous Alberto, 
who is Slll priwd to dlscl'ver 
Ihat il t:osts mOlle) to IIIC to 
gethcl anu hecomc\ .Jcalous at 
the drop of a hal. !t., Ihlrd 1101 
to 'ympathi/.c \\lIh hlll1 al tilL 
end, though, when ratl' really 
dcals him .\ bad hand. 

IllletUnl flll allthls quality 
mU"'lcand :>lI1glllg, though, "1 . .1 
Tra\latd" (alldeVl'I) {J( ll'IUP-
{:ra) tl<!IIl"l1d~ .1 lot. It·s like 
somc kind of \\elrd endufilm;e 

te~l: )l1U pay a rea~ullably largL 
~UIl1 of hard -earned l1lonl:'}, III 
ordcn" sit down and. at tillll:'S, 
struggle through Illore than 
thlce hoursof,lhlghh - illlpmh 
able stor) Se<: It allJ you may 
Jecld.: that it cl:'rtall1l) I,n ' t 
worth it. But,oll thcOlhcrhand. 
YOllll1ay jU~1 di~cov.;1 thut you 
get a real bun from t hl ,hee I 

~ill! of Ihe whol<.: thllll;!, from 
tht.: lavl~hncs~ of the SLIS to the 
power 01 the VUICI!~. "Lu 
Traviata' tlelil'ClS ,Ill uf the~e. 
and fll1bhcs the Sun Diego 
Opera's ~ea un un a truly 11Igh 
note. 

W here: Civic Theatre 
When: 5/7 at 7 p.m., 5/1D 

at 8 p .m., 5/11 at 7 
p.m., and 5/12 al2 
p.m. 

Tickets : call 236-651 0 

SUMMER 
WORK 

THE 
SOUTHWESTERN COMPANY 

HAS FIVE POSITIONS FOR 
UCSD STUDENTS 

EXTREMEL Y GOOD MO EY; PROFLSSIO'AL SALE A:\D 
MANAGEYIENT TRA INING; TRA VEL A/'ID WORK IN n IE 

EW YORK OR BOSTON A REA; BUILD A S rRO ' RES :'lE: 
DEVELOP COMM UJ ICATION SK ILLS. 
TOM MCAULI FFE, DISTR ICT MA AGER (L SD (LA S 'l{O). 
WILL HOLD INTER VIEWS FOR INTERESTED STUDENTS OF 
ALL MAJORS. 
MONDAY, MAY 6-1:00 P.M . OR 4:00 P.M., TlIE BERKELEY 
ROOM, THE PRICE CE TER. 
T UESDA Y, MAY 7- 1:00 OR 4:00 P. M., T il E DAV IS ROOM, THE 
PRICE CENTER. 

BACK EAST 



12 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC 
SERVICES 

.~Ttusd<ly-8.00 
am-4:3O pm. Fridays -
8:0000>300pm. Evc~ns 
also available - The 
~uage Pr~,"" provides /ISSIstne to students 
whos MlMl larcuage Is not ~h and to those 
doorc wor1< In J"!Wlf5e, italian. Sparosh. Frerch. 
German, VIetnameSe. and RUSSIan. A dlagnoSlJC tPst 
onwritren ~Ishas aseeoncl Iarcaua&e IS 8VSllabIe 
on request. Call 534-2284 for more Informaoon. Old 
Student Center, 81~ A. Room '214. Freee, 
Moo*)'fr!day 
• 8:00 am4:40 pm (Evcnl,,€ appointments also 

<!lIable) - The OASIS Wnu,,€ Center 1$ a f,ee 
5eMCe for all UCSD students. We oNer one 0 one 
WI,O,,€ conferenocs for atI'f type of WJ1lJng prOject-
.JCaoerroc papers, personal statements, even stones 
and POems. Oot sliJlf of trilillCO undc$aduates, WhO 
oorre from a vanety of acadCm.c dISCIDlII1CS, can help 

)'00 occome a more elfL" vc wllter, Coil 534-2284 to 
rm.<e an appo,"~nt or dlolp by our offICe In uno Old 
5tudent Center, BuIId,'1! A. Room 214 Fr • 
• 8:000rm4:3O"",-LClOASISSllXIy~emel1l 
Center relp )'00 U.s quaner w,th umc f11iJI\ilgcrrcnl. 
notctakJrc, m,dtelm preparation. and te"t taklrc 

S~dtcgICS. Stop by USB 4010 or call 534-7344 to SCt 
up a personal iWOlntfl'Cnt. Also - stay orl the 
'ookOut 101 those valuable OASIS study s~IIIS 
work5hops. USB 4010. Free. 
Monday. May 6. 1991 
1 10:00 _10:50 am - Vocabuli>')' Development 
Struclu,al/ContC<1.ua! AnalySIS USB 4010. Free 
I 2:00 am-2:5O am - PIOOucrrc DriliJnlZdtJOn 
CldSSIflCa on Charts. USB 4010. r,ee. 
Tuesday. May 7. 1991 
112:00 ."".12:50 "'" - InformatJOn ProcCSSlrc 
Inl 'renbill Readng. USB 4010. F,ce 
I 2:00 pm-2:5O "'" - Perce ng Drg..\lldtron 
l.lstemrc and NotetakJng. USB 4010. r,ce, 
Satll'tlay. May 11.1991 
• 8:30 arn-1:oopm -GMAT F'rep. USB 4010. Free 

SERVICES/ 
WORKSHOPS 

Monda)'frlday M·,. ... """ . 8:ooam4:oopm -SIGI 
----- PLUS{Syslcnsofinler .... 

GUI<I.lnCC and Inforllkltron) 
IS a computer-llaSCd progrillll Of c.x r 'nformatJOn 
deSrgned to relp )'00 ClJfI~ )OUr SNlIs, 'illucs and 
occupJUOnai Intlltests For more IntOl111dl>On. oorre 
to Career SeMCCS Center. $10. 
1 8:00 lWI>4:00 pm - MENTOR II you're graouatrrc 
l/1,S QUQIler ano jOl}SCekrng. ..II rrotch )QU ""l/1 OJ 
proless1Ol1at ,n your field of Interest WhO ""II get you 
StarlOO nelWOrturc In Ule lOCal jOt) market. luly 
nelplull0r "OCrat arts ~rs as an alterllJlNC to on 
campus ,nteMCWlng, Sign up " ,l/1 tre mam 
tobOy receptronlSt. Career SeI\ICCS Center, 
nee, 
Monday, May 6. 1991 
I 10:00 .... 12:00 pm - GRIEF GROUP: 
Short teon group lor stOOents deall'1! .. ,m U1e 
death of a slllnrflCant oUler. Leaders : R'ck 
WMel1l1,5340248and Karen Cogan, 534-3755. 
Call for Slgr><Jp. GH 1003. Free. 
• 1:00 pm.3:00 "'" - Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse Peer 
Counseling: Do<.\! SIlcres, Peer 
Counselor: 534·3585. HSS 
2056, Free. 
• 1:30 pm-4:oo pm - DROP~N 
ACMSII'GHOURS: For IleIpfin(lil'4l 
deSllallle pan~me employment, 1I4~2~~~ 
determining career goals, ( 
searching for Jobs or e,plOOrc 
profesSIonal or graCluate SC1100I 
opponuOlUes, No appointment 
necessary, just walk.ln. Career 
SeMCes Cente,. Free. 
• 2.:30"", -AA:oIllI and Substarcc 
Abuse Peer Counsehng: EfiC 
Ferguson, PeerCounselor. 5340767. 
Argo Hall, Rm 104/ 105. Flee. 
. 3:00 pn>5:oopm- THE ROMANTIC 
COPING SKILLS GROUP: Will teach 
ways to create and Illalntmn 
relationships and to overcome 
breakups. Leaders: Beverly Harju, Mi>')' 
McNaughton. SJgr><JP: 534-2237. 412 
MMC, Free. 
• 4:00 pm-5:00 "'" - MEXICANA. CHICANA, 
LAnNASUPQPRTGRQUP:lnformaigToupmeeurc 
~kIy to d,scucss ac.xlcn>c. personal and SOCial 
e'pellerces. Leader. Undsay Calderon: 534-3755 
Slgr>op GaileI)' B, Pnce Center Free. 
• 5:00 pm-6:oo "'" - Alcohol and SubstilllCe 
Abu;e Peer Co~"ng. N,coIe BlanchJld, Peer 
Couoselor: 5340010. Acilt' Supp Bldg. 
2110. Flee 
Tuesday. May 7, 1991 
• 9:30 "",,11:30 am - .\<:01101 

Counselor; 534-3035. furd College Dean's OffICe. 
Free. 

.3:00~:OO"", -J08HUNTINGINAR[CESSION : 
HOW TO COME OUT A WlNNERI Taught ecooomoc 
urres demand Cfeawe jOb search Slategies ana 
lVealer fleXlbrlity of goals, A parel of eoperts share 
some userlul aJ"d umely ops to help )'00 succeed. 
Career 5eMces Center. Free. 
W-.day. M.y 8. 1991 
• 9:00 _11:00 am - Ak:ohoI and SuIlst.lllCe 
Abuse Peel Counseling: Cecel'a Ncpomw!'1o. Peer 
Counselor; 534-3035. Thud College Dean's Off 
Free. 
• 1:30 "'" - MARKETABl£ RESUME 'MJRf\SHOI> 
L.eann hOW to construct a stateolme.dft ,esume that 
WIll make you stand out from the crowd Cateer 
SeMCeS Centel Flee 
. 1:30 """,:00 pm - OROPlN lID SING HOURS: 
For help findJrc deSlrallie panume emp!oyrrent. 
determrrurc career goals, searching for Jobs or 
e. plollng professional or IIraduate school 
OOPOrtoolJes. No BDPOinlJrent nee ssary, JUst ~aIk· 
In. Career Serw:es Center. rree. 

• 3:00 pm-4:3Opm -CHIcmJ/ CHICANA.LAnfo,lQ/ 
LAliNA SUPPORT GROIJP: Meets v.c<:kIy. Le<Xlers' 
Dan Munoz. 534-1579. aJ"d lJndsay C31dcron, 534-
3755. Call for InforrrotJon. Revelle i'rtM>st s OffICe . 
Free. 
1 6:30 prn8:oo pm- L.eSbr<r1and815eKUdlI'.«ncn·S 
Support Group I eo by peer counselOr Chell and 
Debbr ,We'reaweel<ly, conflden~atdrv,·,nL'" pror 
women Interestoo In d'scusslrc perSOl'kll tOl'«!r, ~ 
al10 SOCial ISSueS In a comfortable, suppcrtM! 
elMronment Catl DavIa ill 534-3987 Women's 
Resource Centllt Free. 
ThUIscIay, May 9. 1991 
I 9:00 _11:00 am - AIcoIloI and SuIlstill'Ce 
Abuse f>ci)f CounSCling. NICOle Blanchard, Peer 
Counselor; 5346030. Acad. Supp Bldg. 2110. Flee. 
I 11:00 111>1:00 pm - AIcoIloI and SuIlstNCe 
Abuse Peer Cwnschng: Do<.\!SIlcles PeerCounselOr. 
534-3585 HSS 2056 Frce 
. 1:30 pm-4:00 pm - DROI'~N AOIIlSING HOURS: 
For help fino,1'4l des" able pan,~rnc emptoymcnt. 
deternllnlrc ca'eer gO.:Jls. seatChlng for Jobs or 
eKploling profeSSional or graduate school 
opportun,ucs No appo.ntmcnt ncccsS<Jry, Just watk· 
,n. C ... eer Serw:es Center Free . 
• 3:00 """,:30 pm - ENVIRONMENTAl CAREERS 
IN THE 9O's: The envllonmcnt ICITlalns a hotlSSUC In 
the new decade Hear horn prolessronals In d,fflltent 
facets of u.s drversc, dyniYnrc flCld as they <isr.<:ess 
OP\IOI1s for bol/1 SCIence and Ilberill arts 1llat0IS 
Career Serw:es Center. free. 
.4:00 ."".5:30 pm - SOCIAL SKILLS OORKSHOP: 
A group focUSl,,€ on dc\elopng skills for meeu,,€ 
other people. convcrsatJoos, 1ISSCrtNcr1SS. etc. Le 
lindsay Calderon. 534-3755. GH 1003. Free. 
• 6:00 pn>7:3O pm - Gay and BlseKu'" Men 's 

Support Group led Il'{ peer counselors TOlly and 
Chao. We're a weekly Informal, 

confiden~aI rgr~for 
students who want to 

diSCUSS IssueS and 
share 

The UCSD Guardian 

Rm, 3240. Flee. 
. 1:30 pm-4:OO pm - OROP~N ADVISING HOURS: 
For help WIth career goats. Job ho.iltJr"e. resume 
preparat>on, etc. No appointement necesS8l)', Just 
watk'n. Career SeMCBS Center. Free. 
. 2:00 pm-4:OO pm -AlCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE 
ABUSE GROUP: For slll:lents WI10 r<llse the qucslrOO 
' Do I have a problem?' $uppo<lNc aJ"d resourceful 
enVllormel'll1O eKOIOre the aI)ooJe theme L.elllders: 
Dan Munoz and EqulaLuI<e, 534-3755. R .elte Prv. 
Of Ice FICC. 
• 4:00 ~:oo pm - CAAf>US BlACK FORUM. 
Informal d,scuss,on/5upport group focUS"lg on 
'S5l.eS. COOICeI11S, ~ l/lat affect the quality 
of bfe of Afncan-Amencarl cornrnonrty at UCSO. 
Leaders. Phd Raphael, [qUllia t.u.e, 534-3755. 
Mount",n View ~. FI • 
Sat~, May 11. 1991 
. 9:00 ..... 3:00 pm -IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER 
\\ORKSHOP' lhrs 6 hour wor1<shop uses e>tcnsrve 

se~assessment and group d,scuSSlon to idefltJfY 
'liable career opt,ons. lJmrted space - first come, 
first seMld. SlIP' up Il'{ Thursday. May 9 at the front 

ar 
des!< lobby, career SeMocs Center. $10,00, 

LECTURES 

Wednesday. ~ 8 . 1991 
I 7:00 "'" - 'CultUre, 

.... oI.II_~. POlItics and 
Commodlflca t,on In 
Contemporary Thllll World 

Rim, • Frednc R. Jameson, Duke Umversrty, on Kldlat 
TaIlrlThk 's 1977 film 'The Perfumed NJgJ1lmare: 
(Film screening 101i0wOO by lecture.) Center for MUSIC 
E>.penrrem. 408 WN:.. Free. 
Friday, May 10, 1991 
• 1:00 pm-2:00 pm - ETHNICllY at UCSD: A 
student panel dlscus5m to e~ multinational 
undelStandl!'4l. Randomly selected InclMduais from 
drverse el/1nle backgrolllds shall panlctpate in a 
diSCUSSIon to oe moderated by Dr. James Un. Price 
Cente, Galler),. Free. 

_~iI!I$~ ORGANIZATlONAL 
MEETINGS 

Tuesday, May 7. 1991 
• 2:30 ~:oo pm -iii.li~fi Lesbian. Gay & BlS&uaI ASSOCiation business 

meetJ!1g. Every week. samenme Old Student Center, 
2no floor, aI)ooJe Soft Reserves Free. 
Wecres.t.y, May 8, 1991 
• 5:00 "'" - ACS StOOent Affil iates 'Student 
CrerrostlyClub- meets every Wednesday In Urey Hall 
5210. Free. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

Friday, May 10. 1991. 
• All Day - Wor1ri Fest 
UpIonng cLitures hear and 
abroad. Entertainment, 
cul tural presentations, 

food. Information booths and talent ~. E>.crong 
~aveI pnzes by Cooocil T taYel. Raffle OCkets at most 

everts. Poee Center and International Center. 
free (expect food). 

Met Marcelo! 
Guardian 

• 2:00 pm - This Suno<¥ is MOTHER's Day. You 
oould be cetebr3Urc ~ WIth your kids ne><l year rl you 
are not careful seKually. ~ )'OO're not ready for that. 
stop t¥ a brM contrOl Info sess.on BEFORE ~'s too 
late! StOOent Heail/1 SeMCe. 2110 floor. Free. 
Tuesday. May 7. 1991 
. U :OO am - Feehrc young and horny? How about 
)'OU'€ and fertile, too!? Come to a brM contro 
InformatJon 5eSSIOO so )'00 can feet fiotlCkJy hee of 
fertility. StOOElnt Health ScMce, 2no floor. Free. 
1 1:00 pm -Gota rise betwl><l)'OOrthrghs? 8cwlse, 
don't ferullZe. ProphyfactJZe? We 'll discuss various 
brlth contorT optJOns aJ"d InstrucliOns for the" propel 
use at a bifth con~ot Inlo scss.on. StOOElnt Health 
Service, 2nd "oor. Free. 
W_y, May 8, 1991 
I 10:00 am - Do you wonder what you can do to 
f)'event those nor>seKUally tran5l1lltted Inlections? 
Fino out at a Well Woman InformatJon session. 
Student Health SeM(>!, 2110 floor. Free. 
I 1:00 pm - My Bonnie lays aver the ocean. My 
Bonnie lays over the sea. I use aconoomwrth Bonnie, 
'cause she donl Just lay .. th me. To get a free 
spermlcidally lubricated condom, come to a birth 
cortrot Infosessionfordoo.bte SIDprotection. Student 
Health Service. 2nd floor. Free. 
I 6:00 pm - Wo SkJ ChtJ at UCSO meeting. Info 
on spn,,€ Skii,,€, Paaes garnes. and PARnES! And as 
always, new members are always welcorre! UC Davisl 
Riverside Room. Price Center. Free . 
Thlnday, May 9, 1991 
I 10:00 am - Do you have complicated questions 
about se. and/ or tilth control? T'1 them out on a 
SttOO1t Health AdIIocate at a biM control inlonnation 
sessron. Student Health SeMCe, 2nd floor. Free. 
I L'OO pm - Are you a woman of the 90's? Come to 
a Well Woman session for inlormaton about Pap 
smears, minerals, breast se~-exams and other useful 
information. Student Health Service, 2nd floor. Free. 

RElIGIOUS 
SERVICES 

MASS. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Student 

Community at 
U C SO . 
Univers i ty 
Lutheran 

C h u r C h , Comer of N. Torrey PUleS 
and La Jolla Shores Dnve, Free. 

Monday, May 6. 1991 
. 12:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS offers 
LeMlaus BaSIc Judasm class Wlth RaIJbr SlotnICk. 
502 MattheWs. Free. 
Tuesday. M.y 7, 1991 
• 4:00 pm - JE'MSH CAMPUS CENTERS offers 
Lehrhaus Talmud SllXIy Wlth RaIJbr Do<.\! Slotnick. 
502 Mdtthews. Free. 
1 7:00 pm - CATHOUC IBBlE STUDY. Each .. eekwe 

hear. reflect on. diSCUSS. and Play the upcomng 
Sunday Scriptures . Please j010 us. 

Un"erslty Lutheran Church. 
.d~llr.~~:---.,_ Catholic Lounge. Across Ule 

street from Revelle 
College. Free. 
Wednesday, May 8. 
1991 
• 10:00 _2:00 "'" 

- The rSFW:l '-CTIONCOMMITTEEh.l5aninforrTlil on 
table rn ~le PT,ce Center Plaza. Come and tai, WIIh 
.JI'o,o, $h stvderts aoout Je>l.lsh 1,le on campus and 
oppc-,;;r Lcs lor ~Sl~rc Isr- I. 
• 4:00 pm lJNITID CA\!PUS ~~~ISTRY 0 THE 
TU nON FOLNDAnON n, te OU to hear Prof 

ngt ' I t~, Harvard·$mlthson,an Center for 
:r CSIC., :rilo;e tre SIlg8 Of IJ1e cllde and "I,y 
Iie~r $ d 5CO\ n,,€ of lhe e ptrcaI path for ~s 
0PUdn '".aI been made ~ years earl,er. Join us lor 
'(Artle of the GcxJ$' CopeIll<CUS IieDler. and the 
E 'PE-. • 'n the Re.ef,e FormaIloungI •. F-ee. 
. 6'00 pm - 4te )OU hu"llI)'? Hon>e<oo •• .'d melas 

e !',edt)) ownsgeo~eoftheLutheranconYnutJrtt, 

Monday, May 6, 1991 

All studentSand other)'Ourcadults are mostwetcome. 
University Lutheran Ct..Jrch, across the weet frorn 
Revelle College. 
. 7:00 pm - 'The Intellectual DImension of Spir1tual 
Wholeness' IS the Bible study topic based on John 
8:12-41 led by l.Ulheran campus Pastor John Hlber. 
Open to all. UniverSIty Lutheran Chuf!:h. across the 
street from Revelle College. Free. 
• 7:00 "'" - Sojoumer's Christian Fellowship. At 
' KornonlB' (word mean,ng fellowship) we ciscuss the 
struggles and jCJ'f of belrc Christian! Come JOin us. 
MAC 413A (beIll1O cashier 's offICe). 
• 8 :00 pm - 'What Ale the Strengths and 
Weaknesses of the Lutheran Heritage?' WIll be 
presented Il'{Pastor JohnHlber. Everyone is welcome. 
University l.Ulheran ChUlth, across the s~eet from 
Revelle College. Free. 
. 9:30pm-CANDlEUGHTMASS.Aquiet.medtatlve 
ome for sharil'l! with others. Sponsored t¥ Ule 
Catholic Student ConmUlllty at OCSO. University 
Lutheran Church, aclO55 the street from Revelle 
College. Free. 
ThurIdIy, May 9, 1991 
.11:00 ..... 2:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS 
Inlormation TOOle in the Price Cenler Plaza. Slop t¥ for 
information on Jewish e<rnpus life. Free. 
. 5:45"", - THE THURSDAY DINNER. Homemade 
food and great coflWlY. SponsolOO by the Catholic 
Sli.dent ConmurVty at UCSD. Uriversity Lutheran 
Church. Cathollcloo1ge, across from Revelle College. 
$2 donation . 
• 7:30 pm - Episcopal College Group Bible study. 
Forinformation and ridescall565e661. St Elizabeth's 
Churcll, 2825 Merton Ave .. San Diego. Free. 
• 7:30 ."".9:00 pm - 'REACHING OUT /REACHING 
IN.· a Catholic Community reflection and discussion 
group, meets weekly. Each week we discuss a new 
topic aimed at personal development and growth, 
Newcomers welcomel Revelle Formal Lounge (behilO 
Revelle 8argaIn Books). Free • 
FIIUy, M.y 10, 1991 
• 11:00 ..... 2:00 "'" - Sojourner's Christian 
Fellowship. Stop by our table in the Prioe Center Plaza 
fO( Informalion. See what we're all about! 
SonIay, M.y 12. 1991 
• 8:00 lilt - EPISCOPAl CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship Service and Holy Eucharist Churcll of the 
Good Samaritan, 4321 Eastgate Mati. Free. 
.8:30 lilt - CATHOUC MASS. Sponsored t¥ the 
Catholic Student Community at UCSO. University 
Lutheran Churcll. Cornel of N. Torrey Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 
• 9:00 am - EPISCOPAl CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship SeMCe al10 Holy Eucharist. St James 
EpIscopal Chl.n:h, 743 Prospect St, La Jolla. Free. 
• 10:00 am - EPISCOPAl CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship Service and Holy Euchanst Churcll of the 
Good Samantan, 4321 Easfgate Mall. Free. 
• 10:00 am -Instrumental ano vocal music Is 
featured dunng this special worship selVice on 
Mother's Day. led by lutheran Campus Pastor John 
Huber. Open to everyone. Umversity lutheran Churcll. 
across the street frorn Revelte College. 
• 5:00 "'" - CA THOUC MASS. Sponsored by the 
Catholic Sti.dent CommuMy at UCSD. UniverSity 
Lutheran Church, Corrler of N. To~ey Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Dnve. Free. 
. 6:00 pn> 7:00 pm - LNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY 
Inv tes)'OU to SIng a new so,,€.1f Slng'ng IS a .. ay lhdt 
you find helpful In eKerc,s I'4l yO<S sprntu", he ... th. 
then JOIn us to SIre tIlOse old go5pel and campfire 
SOI\ls. Weekly ~ct« held ,n the PolICe StalJon 
Tralrung Room (near ORA off.:en 5021. All are 
v.\,;iCOmc! Free. 
• 9:00 pm - CATHOUC MASS sponsorOO t)) Ule 
CatholiC Student CommuMy at UCSD. Un erSl:Y 
Lutheran ChurCh, COtner of N T~rrey P,nes and I..l 
Jolla Shores Drive. Free 

Monday: May 6, 1991 

PLAYOFFS 
Continued from page 20 
bottom line. We'll deal with the 
game later," said UCSD Head 
Coach Melissa Jarrell. 

UCSD will be the second seed 
in the West Region, behind host 
Central (IA). Simpson (lA) i the 
third team in the region. Central is 
36-6, while Simpson is 20-11 . 

The Tritons will open play Fri-
day against Simp on . "They 
haven't seen us, and we haven't 
een them," Jarrell aid. 

Senior shortstop Dana Chaiken 
wa awaiting the call with everal 
of her teammates, and admined 
that some doubt cro sed her mind 
as their vigil by the phone stretched 
into the late hours of the evening . 

"Only two of us [Kathy Fogg 
was the other] found out earlier in 
the day that we had dropped to 
fourth in the region. But I didn't 
lell anybody, becauseJ didn ' t want 
anybody to get depressed," she 
said. 

They were far from depressed 
when they found out that their ea-
son would be prolonged. Said 
Chaiken : "We screamed and 
screamed, and then the neighbor 
yelled, 'Shut up, we're trying to 
sleep! '" 

It is the second year in a row 
that the Tri tons have waited into 
the wee hours of the night to hear if 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 20 
in Saturday's opener. And, in the 
words of Head Coach Melissa 
Jarrell, the Tritons could do noth-
ing wrong. Moreno surrendered 
just three hits, effecti vely mixing a 
wide array of pitches . Offensively, 
the Tritons came up with seven 
runs on 11 hits, and displayed the 
type of play that was expected from 
them at the beginning of the year. 

But if the first game was a dream 
come true for UCSD, then the sec-
ond was a nightmare. 

The Tritons jumped out to an 
early 1-0 lead in their half of the 
first. But it was alI downhill from 
there for UCSD. USD took advan-
tage of two errors in the bottom of 

CREW 
Continued from page 20 
vailed by six seats. 

"I thought they did a great job," 
Head Coach Mike Shannon said. 
"They all got ahead at the start of 
the race .. . and they all were pushed 
very hard by other crews." 

Shannon said that he was par-
ticularly impressed with the per-
formance of the men's varsity 
which raced at its top rate this 
season - 38 strokes per minute. 
The varsity had been frustrated by 
losses in its last couple of races. 

"They really pulled itoff against 
an outstanding opponent," Shan-
non said, 

But forthe women's crew team, 
the day was mixed at best, Head 
Coach Jack Vallerga said: "It was 
somewhat disappointing, notcata-
strophic." 

Long Beach State took first in 
all of the women's competitions. 
In the women's varsity eight race, 
CSUlB clocked in at 6:58.3. 
UCSD finished second in 7: 10.8, 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Head Coach Melissa Jarrell will 
"worry about the games later . .. 
they would make the playoffs. la t 
year, th y were bumped from the 
po t eason when Central leap-
frogged from fi fth to firs t in the 
region on the final weekend, and 
effectively kicked the Triton ou{ 
of the final spot. 

There was ome doubt as to 
whether they would make the play-
offs thi year as well. But one of 
the most difficult schedules in Di-
vision III appeared to weigh in 
their favor, UCSDplayed23 games 
against Division I and U team . 

"Ourrecord was wor e this year, 
but ] feel that we were a better 
team," Chaiken said. "I'm glad 
we're gening a chance to show 
them that we can win, even if our 
record doesn' l show it." 

the first to score two runs, both 
with two out, and took a 2- \ lead, 

UCSD tarter Kathy Fogg was 
far from a mystery forthe Toreros, 
who seemed to be sitting on her 
pitche ,so Jarrell brought in little-
used Kim Stutzman in relief. 
Stutzman didn't fare much better, 
so Jarrell again swi tched pitchers, 
this time bringing in even-less-
used lacie Mounger, who closed 
out the game, 

Jarrell was stunned at the Tri-
tons' about-face: "USD had the 
same pitcher out there both games. 
We were just a completely differ-
ent team that game. We started the 
second game [emotionally] up, but 
when you're out in the field as 
long as we were, it's hard to keep 
the momentum going." 

while USD, which entered two 
women's crews, took third with a 
time of7:l6.7. 

The Tritons came in a close 
second in the novice "A" competi-
tion, finishing in 7:23.6 compared r 
to the 4gers' 7:22.1. USD com-
pleted the race again in third in 
7:39.5. In the novice "B" race, 
Long Beach took first in 7 :37 while 
UC Irvine, a first-year program 
entering a solo crew, placed sec-
ond with 7:40.5. UCSD finished 
third in 7:43.6. 

" We can do better and are go-
ing to do better," Vallerga said. 
"They were bigger and stronger." 

Vallerga noted that he thinks 
Sunday's perfonnance was more 
typical of long Beach State's abil-
ity, rather than its unimpressive 
perfonnance at the Cal State Col-
legiate Championshi ps last month. 

But according to Vallerga, 
UCSD hasn't been rowing up to its 
full potential either. 

"They're not going a fast as 
they pos sibly can," he said. 
"They're trying hard," he said . 

Become a GUardina editor 
Did you find the typo? Then you're qualified. 

AppIlcatJOnl lor editor In cltief are due Wednesday. May 8 at the Guardian offices 

The UCSD Guardian 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(NCKt to Vans) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NeXlto P,ua Hut) 566·6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

SPORTS 13 

& ®_~AAB' 
ROBERT~S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619) 27;)·1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m , 
Saturdays 8 a.I1I.-5 p.m, 

,. VISA·.· CD·· 
' .. 

" 'e use .nd rf"C"u .... f'nd 
K~n.all lubrl" •• us 

(0 uur custome", 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

· Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

HOW 
YOU CAN BE 

SUCCESSFUL 
Learn what every President, CEO, Attorney, Doctor, and 
Politician had to learn, to be successful. A one time only 
seminar, for a limited number of college students, at less than 
1/3 the nonnal price , 

• How to develop the image of a successful young man on the move, 
• How to avoid career ending social blunders. 
• How to dress for success in a competitive society. 
• How to have proper manners while dining with executives. 
• How to win the respect and admiration of your boss and colleagues. 
• Plus much more ... 

Saturday, May 18, 1991 9:00am - 3:30pm Marriott Hotel Mission Valley 
Seminar cost is $40 and attendance is limited. Call today for registration information. 

285-6736 
on the second floor of the old Student Cenler . Other positions are due 5 p.m., J '" ~ Saturday, May 18. Call 534-5226 for mote Information _ .... ______________________________________ ", Success Oriented Seminars P.O. Box 191011 San Diego, CA 92159 

L 



14 SPORTS 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 20 
the oyote for the fir t five in-
ning , but got into trouble in the 
ixth when CSUSB roughed him 

up for four runs. 
Centerfielder Ernie Isola 

brought the Triton~ within reach 
went he . ent a towering, three-run 
home run over the rightlleld fence 
in the bottom half of the sixth, 
making the score 4-3. But that was 
as close a~ the Tritons would get. 

In the nightcap, U SD pre-
vailed 10-3. Bryan Thomason (3-
5) got the complete-game victory, 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 20 
really be considered ~Iackcrs . nd 
write Vlade Divac off, and he'll 
play center like a man po~~e~,cd. 

In fact, a lot of cri tic are writ -
ing off the Lukers this year. Big 
mistake. Big, big mi,take. Write 
off the Laker, and sign your own 
death ceniticate. 

Match-up pr blems'? Give me a 
hreak. Maybe some of the Lakers 
have I st a step in recent yca~. but 

cattering even hits. The Triton 
banged out 13 hit , incl uding a 
two-run blast by Doran Yount. 

Sunday, the Tritons traveled to 
San Bernardino for their second 
doubleheader in as many day in 
order to make up for an earJy-
March rainout. 

Brent Han,cn (6-6) got the ~tal1-
ing call in the opener, and re-
.,ponded with ~even ~trong lOning 
of work. a~ C D blasted U B 
10-4. 

Thing~ didn't go 0 well. how-
ever, in the nightcap. The oyotes 
scored nine run~ in the first two 
innings. eventually hammering 

few team can wear them down in 
the long haul. 

Mo t of tho e team end up a 
vi tim~of COll' pinpoint out ide 
\h ting. W rthy and Perkins' 
commanding in~ide play, and 
John on' everywhere play. 

Granted, their ben h may lack 
a little bit. but it'~ hardly 'ome-
thing to be ashamed of. Besides, 
with A. . Green on the bench, they 
aren't suffering major problems. 

So now the Lakers - who won 
their founh ~traight playoff game 

Do Research Papers 
Gel You DOM? 
Relief Is Just 

2 Credfts Away: 

CI·50 
Contemporary Issues 50 IS a 2·unit course designed to teach 
strategies for dOing library research better and faster, The class 
IS Invaluable for anyone serious about developing research 
techlllques and skills In squeezing the last drop of Information 
out of the library. 
One section of CI-50 
IS offered for Fall 
Quarter 1991 : 

Time: Tuesday/ThII'sday, 9:00-9:5OIrn 
Place: Undergraduate I..IIrII'Y Rm 2100 
Instructor: Duffy Tweedy 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD9-3.SeniorRichTomolonis, 
in hi last game in a Triton uni-
form, was greeted ferociou Iy by 
the Coyote in the first inning, giv-
ing up four run , and got in even 
more trouble in the second. 

UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yate 
called upon freshman Kurt Luhrsen 
to put out the fire, but CSUSB 
welcomed him with two quIck 
home run . 

The young righthander calmed 
down for the remainder of the 
ballgame, hurling ix t raight 
scorele innings. Senior Steve 

owlan belted hi first home run 
of the sea on in a losing cause. 

this year in second round action 
la t night against the Warriors -
have only three teams left to beat 
on the road to another title. 

The Bu)) ? The Blazers? The 
Jazz? The Celtics? The Pistons? 
The e team are good - and they 
all have player who might give 
the Laker fits - but there ' one 
very imple thing they're not: 
they're not the Lukers. 

Hey, I know I'm not going out 
on a limb here, but chalk up an-
other Laker title thi spring. 

TRACK 
Continued from page 20 
all season long. Leading the pack 
of impressive Triton performance 
were Cooke and Johnson who each 
qualified for nationals and set new 
school records in the proce . 

Cooke cleared a height of 6'93/ 
4", placing him third in the event, 
almost seven inches short of fir t-
place finisher Doug ordquist's 7' 
4 1/2" effort. But this hould be 
taken in it proper per pective -

ordquist ha previously been 
rated econd among U.S. high-
jumper and ixth in the world. "1 
was really pleased with lan's ef-
fon;' UCSD Head Coach Mark 
Stanforth said. "He had jumped 6' 
8" at pring break but had been 
having problems with his shin 
since then." 

Cooke's jump bettered hi own 
previou mark and school record 
of 6' 8" that he shared with two 
other Triton. John on's vault of 
15'3" broke Mark Lawler's and 
Rick Harper's previou record by 
two inche ,placing him econd on 
the day behind the Triton Athletic 
Club's Bill Halvor en who turned 

UCI EXTENSION 

Coming This Summer 

LAWPREP 
Thinking About Law School? 

LawPrep IS a seven-week evening course UCI ExtenSion offers thiS 
summer to prepare you for your first year of law school. LawPrep Will . 

- Help you deCide If law school IS really for you 
- Take the culture shock out of your first year 
- Give you the edge over other first-year law students 
- Familiarize you With different teaching methods you 'll encounter In 

law school 
• Teach you the substance of first-year law courses 

LawPrep begins June 18. For a free brochure. call UCI ExtenSion at 
(714) 856-5414 Or send coupon to UCI ExtenSion. Dept. SO, PO. 
Box 6050. trvlne. CA 92716-6050 

o Please send me rnformahon on LawPTep. 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

CITY 
STATE ZIP 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I .. SU91·134SD I L _______ ________ _ ____________________ 1 

Monday, May 6 1991 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Scott Sargeant placed first in 
the hammer throw Saturday. 
in a vault of 15' 7". 

"The wind helps both the long 
jumpers and the [pole] vaulters, 
but Idon' t think it was the decisive 
factor in [Johnson's) vault," 
Sianfonh said. 

1.J. Ci nero al 0 qualified for 
nationals with an effort of 23' 4 1/ 
2" in the long jump. good for first 
place. Ci neros' qualifying effon, 
according to Stanforth. was ome-
what of a pleasant surprise. ;'H e 
had only jumped in three meets all 
year and had been having leg prob-
lems, not unlike Ian," he com-
mented. 

Scott Sargeant also broke a 
UCSD record . heaving the discus 
172' 0", bettering his own mark set 
earlier this year by nearly three 
feet. Sargeant al 0 placed first in 
the hammer throw and econd in 
the shot put. The junior has long 
si nce qualified for nationals in the 
hammer and the discus and is the 
favorite to win the national title in 
the latter. 

In one of the most dramatic 
races of the day ,35-year-old former 
Olympian Steve Scott won the 
1.500-meter invitational race in a 
track- record time of 3:42.43, bet-
tering the mark he set at last year's 
UCSD Open. Scott came from be-
hind in the final lap to defeat 
Brazil's Jose Luis Barbo a, who 
had led the pack from the begin-
ning, only to fade noticeably at the 
end of the race. 

" If the wind affected anyone 
[Saturday] I think it effected Jose." 
Stanforth noted. "Since he was in 
front mo t of the way, he wa n't 
shielded from the wind [by other 
runners]. I think that took its toll on Telephone 534-1210 for more Information. 

L-_ _ _ ____________________ -' him at the end." 

DAIL V WEAR (Cooperthin) ........................... $89 
EXTENDED WEAR (B & L. 03/04) ................ $105 
BROWN EVES BLUE (Myopes only) .... .. ...... $199 
hides·Comp!tto oy. examrnabOn ' G!au:oma lOSt· Lnovalua:nl& fi:Ing'Po< of 

c:ontad In8S lor myopes Intnrsqtted, • F_~ cat •• SoIubOn car. ~t ' Fill 
~ & tranng' Two ... ..," car. program· Othor """'" brares WI sloe, 

• Oftor good lor I'IsHme pawcs 

r- , 
I 20% OFF I 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I I LENSES OR BACKUP I 

GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 

IMMEDIATE REPLACEMENT 
Cooperthin (O,l) .................................................... $19.00 
Ciba Visitant ........................................................... $26.00 
Wesley - Jesen (OW) ............................................. $22.00 
Soli mate (OW) ... .................. ........ .... ................... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) ......................................... ............. $29.00 
B&L U4 ......................................................... ...... $21 .00 
CIBA TINT .......................................................... $39.00 L Expires 5115191 .J 

..... _-------------_...... -------- .... _-------------_ ....... Umited time oHer 

J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lenses $89 
for 4 boxes with current RX 

early even'ng a Sa,urdoly appointments now availabll 

J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lens 
complete package plan $189 

North 
County 
43U331 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
at Miramar & Commerce behind Ca'l's Jr. VISIONCABE 

MasterCard & Visa accepted 

578·6796 
East 

County 
-"131 

Stanfonh also observed that the 
victory may serve as a major boost 
to Scort, who has had a recent spell 
of less-than-impre ive finishes: 
"He had done poorly in a couple of 
road races this season and had re-
aHy been struggling with his train-
ing up to this weekend." 

THROWING 
Continued from page 18 
every meet where we get together 
at a restaurant. I have a sibling 
feeling wi th everyone," Hargrove 
said. 

This communal feeling also 
eem~ to override personal accom-

plishments and goal . " Thi group 
has a lot of integrity andl am proud 
of that. We 're not here for some 
personal benefit." Octavo said. 

Thi relationship also extends 
beyond the actual teammates and 
goes back to Salerno. Said Taylor: 
" Ilrust the e guys a lot. They are 
themo tsupportivegroupl'vebeen 
with and we look to Tony as son of 
a father figure." 

" Tony pushes u a little bit all 
the time. He know 0 much and 
that' why we are this good," 
Cogbill said. 

Monday, May 6, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

BASKETBALL OR SOCCER 
It's your choice! 

SUN GOD 
OUTDOOR 

BASKETBALL 
TOURNAMENT ~~~DAY, tl 

SUN GOD INOOOR 
SOCCER TOURNAMENT 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY, 

MAY 11·12 

Intramural Indoor Soccer 
Tournament 

RecGym 
Roster size - 6 person 

min imum 
Entry fee - $10 

Intramural 
Basketball 
Tournament 
Men's & Women's 
divisions 
Muir Basketball 
Courts 

Divisions -
Men's open 
(open to 011) 

Men's 
limited 

division -

At o-~ _its 
Mondays are 

U C 5 D 
COLLEGE 

IGNTS 
25 $ DRAFTS & WELL DRINKS 

15 

Starting Time - 9am 
Roster size - 5 person 
teams, full court play 
Open to UCSD 
students, 

no IC or O C~~~ OJ & Dancing at 9 pm staff and faculty Entry fee $20 per team 
Sign ups close Friday, 
May 10, 2pm 
Contact person -
Rich T omolonis, x44037 

Sign-up' ,lIld I.lct,lil, at 
C ,111 yon \ ic" , 

UCSDRccrcation, x44037 

open 
division 

Format - single 
elimination 

Contact person -
Scott Berndes, x44037 

Tournament schedules will 
be out Friday, 
May 10-2pm 

f2--;o,--11 
: cover on : 
: Friday nights : 

with this od 1 1- ___________ _ 

TORREY'S A San Diego Nightclub 
located in the San Diego Morriott 

• h f · 'h"l': ,. Jom t e un Wit IWlster, 
bas tbal! s ootoffs and 

our two 

pool tables! 
:-;'.t _ i DON'T FORGET .~~} r~ TORREY'S IS ntE 
,*l4-ji~, PLACE TO CATCH THE 

't'-<' NBA & NHL PLAYOFFS! 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive La Jolla, CA 92037 (619) 587-1414 ext, 6220 

,,--, /, .. 
I ~f(;.~ :-I. ,,\) \ ""'l:~.,.~.. / Enter PrizeFest. 
'--" It's quite possibly the lnost colossal 

sweepstakes in the history of academia. 
(As far as we know.) 

V2ts 1 brand new, 1991 Nissan' NX 1600' P 5 Honda Elite'- SOE scooters 
rM!l1Ut' 1 set of 4 passes to Club Med·, Cancun" ~. 2 8ackroads Bicycle Touring'trips" for 2 A 4 Specialized' mountain bikes 

.25 Sony' Discman' systems I cu;;c5n 11 Nordstrom gift certificate 1 Bic' windsurfer board 
(,: F ..... 2 Apple' LaserWriter' LS printers • 2 Apple Macintosh ' LC 2140 color systems 

This is big. Really big. 
With 14 wtnners and more than S 6.000 in prizes tn 

Southern California. Prize Fest might well be a historic 
event. Even so. it's surprisingly simple to win. Just stop into 

your campus computer reseller and fill out an Easv Entry Form. 
While there, take a look at the perfect computer for tuclents and 

~ 
•• 11't ' & 

• PrizeFcst 
..... m! 

· 
· • 

f3culty 3like-the :\ pple .\!acintosh LC 2/40 computer. 
It's the 1'10st afforda ble color .\!acintosh ever. More good 
news: You can now buy an Apple )'facintosh computer e\-eTV 
two yearsl So if you purchased one in 1989 and you're re3dy to 
upgrade, go right ahead. Enter PrizeFest. And enter todav With a 
Iirtle luck. you could come away with something that's rC3 11y somethlOg, 

UCSD BOOKSTORE I II -- -,rJ I • I .. " I • .. ' I 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 
OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Check out the low cost of the Macintosh LC 2/40 color system! 
____ ... __ -.-.. _ c..- IIItI ........... ....,. NO PURCHASE NfOCESSAAY. VoId_. __ .,. row Soo .. ·E •• Entty Fonr.· ... ___ .... MI. _ ........ 
'-_ .. _ ..... _,..". ___ Ot.,_~."" N. __ _ . ... _1ogo.-II'd~n __ ~_c.n-. rc. 

, 



I 

16 CLASSIFIED 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Sony ca, OIscman compact d,se playel E.eollent 
oonOooo. onty used. few limes 581".1 C~ra.JIt City 
101 $250. 1m aslung $175 000 Call JeM 558-
0719,(512·519) 
.... robtelHta~hF .. r-5Il0.113Q·lp m Gym Food. 
clothing. ond In stop Maslel CI.1Iu-S3. 12·1 P m (51 
2·519) 
Coma to Frlday's 'IntemaloOOaI Cale' lor good lood 
and company. BuMot lunch served althe Inlemallona! 
Center avery Friday 1 I »1 JOp m . $2 at the door 
,.11 studen\! . $Chola,.. staM welCOme (512,5120) 
When seconds count, breathe a blt~ 8aS1ar With 
MICRo-MED, the moerofilm lMdocal 10 card Ihal 
could possibly sava your ~Ial MICRO·MED Is an 
a ... t to ... ryone" lie- young/old, IWw.II. Cal 
Gabrielle (6t9)546·8014.(5I2·5I20) 
'Now Hiring' ReveU. Collego Inl.,ns lor '91 ·'92 
I\pplocallons "vllllal>le al Rev"" Provo., Ole 
Deadline i. May 6. 1991. (~/29·519, 

UCSD', FACTORV OUTLET CLOTHING SALE 
Apparel DeSIgner Zone oM.,. you 50%-~ OfFI 
Seelhe ad In IhlllSSU8 01 cail ihe hol,ne '50·3323, 
Top slylas lor lassl (~129-616) 

UNDERGRAUNDlls COMING I (.n9·5I6) 

Tho San Otego AstrolOgical Soerety announces II, 
monthfy meeting on F ftday May 10th at 7 15 P m In 
Ihe SOO&E Building IOealed 101 -'sh St S""oker : 
Demelra GeOlge. SubjQc1 ASlIOId. InlormallOn ~2· 
1733 (516) 
Histonan 01 So.nee 800 A5110ph~5tCl5t , OWEN 
GINGERICH. Ph 0 , Wi ll . peak at a Sludenl 
Conoq .. lIum,May8Ih, dp m , RQ~QIIe FormlJlLoung. , 
lopoe' "C,rcles ollhe Gods CopeI/1jCU •. Kapler, and 
The EIHpso '01, G,ngench..,lIprosonllheTomplelon 
lecture on Thursday, May91hal4 pm, Puce Cenl&r, 
Gallary''': .n.,led. 'Rofleellonson NatulalThoolOgy, 
Kepler', Anguisn and Hawklngs auery· Or 
Glngench 15 a SenIOr Astronomer 81 Ihe Smtthsonmn 
Observalory and Harvard Plolessol 01 HISlory and 
A,,,onomy, (516) 

SUMMER WORK·MAKE $5,620 Sou\nweslorn Is 
tnleI'Vlewu''Q May 61h & 7th at Pnce Center Monday 
lOOp m. or 400 pm , Berl<oley Room, Tu.sday 
lOOp m or 4:00 pm , Dalll' Room. ChOCk II oull (51 
6) 

SERVICES 
......,. ROOMMATE HOTUNE 24HR INFO SERVICE 
Fordelarlsandlo hsllree-527·4045 Togolbl/nos 
dlall ·900-84.·NITE (6483).(512-616) 

Olga Ban - EleelrologlSI. 1200 10 1500 hailS ""' 
hour 3256 Holiday Coun sludent Olscounts s~· 
4644122&-1962. (4/1·616) 
PASSPORT PICTUREsll Now ., Cal Copy Only 
$595, Whllo you wall. Xeroxes and mole Ne.r 51 
Gormalns, 452·9949. (1/22616) 
DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORKSHOPS FOI 
InformatIOn call Post Gradual8 Group, 965-0426 (4J 
1-616) 

Malh lutonng. lor quaMled help In a wide vanely 01 
10p'CS, call James 483-7816, (41 15-519) 
WORD PROCESS ING. Pape,. . reporlS, 
dlss8nallons, manuscnplS Laser LOWQst Rates! Lu 
234·5433 (4/1B·5I13) 
Wrttll"IQ tutor, 5 years U C e.penance workmg With 
alileveISl."lgnmenls. Reasonabl. ,al • • • Slove 942· 
7835 (4/22·519) 
6 I3<lIIon $$ avallabl. lor sludenl aid. ANV sludenl 
canquahly, Call Dlv.rs"ee NOWI262"664 (4125·51 
6) 

NEED A PERM? Or Just II greal haircut? Stacy With 
Hunlndge Hall (In Ihe Summerhouse Inn) IS running 
8 fanlastlc UCSD HAIR SPECIAL See our 
THURSDAV ed or JuSI can u. al45H)7B5. (.n9·51 
9) 

Success, your party I Plolossronal banonde(s dnnk 
secrolS $1 00, SASE 8837 Flandors Or, SO. CA 
92126 (516) 
An astrology reading Wlllln1roduce you to yourselt , 
SeK knowledge can be poworlul. Coli : 456·5531 . (51 
6) 

PIANO LESSONS - Russian Conse"'alory "alned 
classical ptan1sl, beginmng - advanced, 25 years 
o.""nonce, EUIO""an IOChnrquo - 467 ·9B 12, (516) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL Ex""n.ncad. Word 
ProcessIng Write/edit , repOr1S . manuscripts. 
resumes, disseMallOnS, letters SOftware Trammg: 
Word Perloet. dBase, LOlu .. Presenlallon GraphICS. 
Modem. Laser Pnn1er, Weekend Appotntments 1521 
Summll Avo .. CarOM. FAX: 633-1624, 753·5964, (51 
6) 

Wo rd Processing . Term papers , Aesumes , 
Dissertalions. RUSH JOBS, (20 yoar.) 453·0656 
(Ieavo mossage. promplly answ.'ed). (~·SIIi) 

REPOSSESSED & FORECLOSED HOMES 
available 8t below markel value. Fantastic savings, 
Vou IOpall. ""SO saL barlout PIOpertl.S, Call (80S) 
682· 7555 E" H·14~ 101lepo .. , youl area. (519) 
SEIZED CARS, Ilueks. b001S , 4 whee l.,s, 
molomom •• , by FBI. IRS, DEA. Available your aloa 
now. Call (80S) 682·7555 Ext C·I I99. (516) 

WANTED 
WANTED HlO PEOPLE Wo Will pay you 10 lose 10· 
29 lb • . In 30 days. H!00-~7-7584 . (5I2·5I2O) 

Job-Full l1me lor glad. s.nIor, Deha Graphics is 
Ioo"'ng lor Inlel6gent •• K slart.,. wllh good people 
s""1S and a <lOSllelO manage projQc1s. Reqult •• BA 
and some project managemenl 8xpenence Send 
resume.225SlovensAve • So"'na B.ach. CA 92075 
or caJl453-4441 (512·519) 
Need C.sh1 W. dellverl Domino's Pizza ~s now 
hlnng lor aJi positions Management OPPOI1UnlUIi 
available. Comptel. tramlng program. II you are 18 
years old, have a vak! dnvers license, auto Insurance, 
an IlCeel nt drivlno record, and accesllo a car, yOY 
can fem up 10 $101 hr (IOial comp ) EnJOY lhe 
Ireedom 01 being on Ih. road. wor1< IIa",D,. houl'i 
,.PPLY TOO,.VI Oomono'IPlua UCSD32 I 1 HolIday 
CI 452·UCSO Pleas. apply anor3 p m (1/1 0-6.6) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 6,1991 

CLASSIFIEDS 
MoVing Sale Coneo tabla, COlor TV . SOI.·$I00 
o B.O . double bed. bookcase. nlghllland-$175 
OB 0 Can Jody 452·2530 (519) 

RoBld Brk. - CANNON DALE 3 0 56 em whllbtu-
.... ro Ba,. - Time Pedals, Speneo G., Seal, AVOOII 
SpeOdo and Shlmano 105 compononls - $700 
O.B.O. 459-1 215. (519) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word in rements. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymelll 
in advance is required; therefore, ads mus/ be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or present din person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and3 p.m . MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any ad\ ertising including but no/limited to companionship ads . For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian , 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. A tual address: Scudenr Center A , lopfloor. 

'85 Mazda 626 - _ - new engina - $500 & 
laM over 23 payments ot $1 201mo. AnIta 447·~93 
(516·5Ile) 
VW CebrIoIet '89 . navy, _ . mini , AIC. alatm, 
cassea •. 5 apo, only $10,900. 9~2·7035, (518) 

Blnocullts. lOX 25, Brand New, RubbarUlCI, Pod<at 
sIz • . Ugh! welghL Cue. $75. _'050. (511-5113) 

HOUSING 
Room In ~ bedroom hOuse In Uniw<1i1y CiIy. Avlli_ 
6/1 . 5362.50 • u~~u ••. Call Jul . 452·9409.(512·51 
13) 
Own room In 3 borm condo In La JoIlalUTC ar ... 
Pool, jacuul, shopping. DUll ne, garage, ftlopllloa, 
Vory lb. IWO sloM.s. Nonsmokors. no pets, Cal 
452-6839 or 558-7880,(512-516) UNITED C,.MPUS MINISTRV lIking 

applrCnllOl1llorlailquanarSlUdOnllnlt>m ~tJol\I 
InlormallOn 81dg .502 MAAC, 534,2521.(4125-519) 
Roommale wanled 8.au~luI3 borm hOu"On Mira 
Mesa 81vd Own 100m Fomalelnon·&mQkor $JOOI 
mo.' 113 ulib".s Call "Pnl Vandonberg 571 ·8888 
To move In May 3 (4/29·516) 
SUMMER JOB, 3 daySlWk, 10 eare lor 2 10v.1y 
chlldlon m Whom. 456·1322 (4129-5113) 
Rougrng 11 Day Camp In 5 F EaslBay H,nng lor 
summer "91 POSi tions Spans. Outdoor Mv , 
Horseback rldmg, Waterfront. SWIm Dlr. , and 
Counselor110I boy, group Expor Rei. Call 415· 
283-3795 (512·519) 
Babysiller needed lor 2,yo.,,,,1d Day . s.veral n>ohlS 
a monlh Call 597·0703 any1lm& (5.6) 
Want80 Wnlers for 8 new S 0 based computer 
mag...,n. Call 549·6704 .265 (5.&-5113) 
WANTED: EnthUSiastiC , •• If disciplined. self 
motivated. honast. maluro SludenlS 10 apply lor 
pc&tlions In ttle Communi ty service orucer 
Program The eso Program IS cunenlly IIIlIng 16 
postltions forFAll1091 Must be 8vDltab~ foraone 
year commitment. Please ptCk up apphCBllon and 
,ololrallrom Siudent Empfoym.n1 Read job "sung 
c.arerulty to ensure qualifICation. AU appbcants must 
sHand an Intormauon seSSIon before an Int8M8W 
may be granled Pleas. se. applicallOn 101 schedula 
01 InlOrma1l0n S4i1sstQns.A.pp lIont due no laler 
lhan May 13 al 4 pm Quesl,on.? call Belh ~. 
9255 M-F 9-3 (519·519) 
Jobs for the environment Son Diego Crtlzen 
organtZQuon nas Immediate openings Help preserve 
the environment and Ouallty 01 uta. FlelJbkt hours, 
good pay "'Ibonuses Call 292,9041 (519 519) 

TUITION INC RE,.sEIIi Best paYing summerwor1<ol 
all Make $4,00010 $21 .000lhll summ.r IntiMews 
loday. Monday May 61h In Bor1<oly Room. Price 
Cenl.r, lOOp m. 01 4 00 P m sama limes on 
Tuesday In Iho Oa",s Room SoulhwoSlemCompany 
(516) 
AsSf.Slant Vok;nl •• r Coordtnator needed for local 
environmental organization 10 htlp $Chedule 
YOlon1 •• ,... offace WoB., oata entry. FlaXJbNt hours. 
$5Ih1 Call Kim 292·5266 (516,519) 
Tafk on Ihe Phone Make money. Mak. the wor1d a 
bener place, Ca" Randy 292·5268 (516-519) 
Wantad Wanna play gU'lar In Del Mar Band Spnng 
& Summer? 792-4639 (516) 

FOR SALE 
IBM Compalobla Computor- 40MB hard drive, 1 MB 
RAM. I 2 and I •• MB dnvas, VGA & mon~or WII" 
.nheneed card. ponlar. mouse. sollwart, perloct 
condrllon $ 1500 obo 567·8196, Jame,.(512·519) 
Laplop CompolOI. Mrlsublshi 286. ~OMB hard disk. 
\.« MB lIoppy, lalge LCD "splay. 2400 beud 
modem. gloal koyboard. e"'ernal 13' color EG,. 
monitor, W1ndO ,case, more, QlCcelent conditiOn 
$1695 455·6185 (512·519) 
Lasor Pn",or. Canon LaP·4. lor IBM or MacI",OSh. 
Ia"ar/logavanvelo""s ne" condition. $695. 455-
6185 (512,518) 

Surlboaro- Barto (rusty) 6'3' 5Q T .. , XLT- $220. 
6'3' Bano·Occy3Round PIn- $200 6'6' Barto 6 
Deep Chann.1s Round P,n-S240. 459·1215 (512· 
519) 

HALF PRICE STUDENT RUSH 
AT ALL PERFORMANCES! 

I H R f f 

filii 
SISTfRS 
IIJllJ'IIl~ ' 'u .... n '\.,:rnun· I'wd,,: l.lh,· 'It, hA~1 l','n't,mllnl" ' ('I,"Of).:I.' . 1.111 
\114 hJd flAm, • I .wn Innt'" • Btu\!.' L.JJ • \1111 hdl II,' hh"n'IUn • I"n I ,n II: 

\iI.h., I \I , (,uln • H._""n !lKArJ,,· ~rtnlunt' ..... m,h,-:, J,"h 'h..r\ 
\' ;m. \ frJ\h ' ~.IIt' \~ II~In\\m 

!-I,tll rrk~ 'IUJ(' nt ru,h liC k~l\ ,",lil,lhl~ al ,til 
I'<'rformance" 10 full' lime ,luJen" pr~,cn lin~ IdloJ 

,lUdell I 10. Ru,h lirkc" ~n nn 'die nne 11llur prior 10 
(llrt,tin anJ mUll N' pur.-h." cJ in p.:r,on ,1\ Ihe 00\ 
"Hire. Limil: 111 (1 ru,h lichl' pl.'r laliJ ,IUJcnt 10. 

FOR MORE I. FORM,HlO:-.J: 
(619) 534·3960 

T~ I') ~~41-"'\h.~"'1 \l.I"","1 \\ t:'.~ llw"lll' It ",.,t~ ,If) the- It''ln 
' '''''f''I~ ~I 'ft, .. ,,""' .... t .. J. I.t \,Il.r.'t 1~1\' l,w l. ·rm I\tk~ K,~, 
\ IIIln"I,\ .. ,'1 1'1 I ;; "r.J I' """III,. ~.". ,,, ~""nh'''n '\In I~, 

3 R D P\CZOSUrQ COLLEGE TH I"G 

LL WElCD E 

Brand New eo .. AM·5 Speakers. Paid $750. Make 
an OIIer- 270·8918 (512· 519) 
'67 Cougar XR7IGT wl390, whlla with red lealnol; 
looks & runl beOUl11ul1y ~600 abo, 488·2938 Jim 
(4125-5113) 
1988 ToyOla MR2 -gley/SlIv.r, T·barlOOl. AIC, Dra. 
a".OOed wananoy , $6950 orbesl. 273-2710. (4/29· 
516) 
MAGNA VOX por\8bI8 radIO, recording easaenodoek. 
CD play.r $25. 454·~31 , (519) 
KENWOOD localvar. ca,sone dock. JVC CD 
changel . POLK AUDIO speakar, monsl.r cabI., 
lomota , $1000 454-6431 . (519·519) 
ElCcellenl ctan·up qui .... ' lor beglnn.,lt nlermedlsl. 
photog,aph.,. Ponlax ME super body and 3 
Iens(28mm:50mm:80-200mm zoom)S200 00, Fred 
755-1383. (519-511 6) 

Portable CompUI.r. Tandy 1100FD. Sohwal. 
InclUdad, 3 112' dMve, $600 O,B 0 450·3612. (516· 
5113) 

,.rClone, I MEG RAM, 211oppy , 20MEG hard drive, 
mono dlsplay $800 O,B.O. 450·3612. (516·5113) 
ROUnd trip Ii .. 10 s.F . laave 519, IGlUrn 5113. $58 
0 ,0.0 .. 558-8n5, (519) 
CD's: A ll nine Squeeze a lbums on CO. new·stib In 
plastic. Only $75 293-0B25. (516-519) 
Surlboard lor sala, TM·lln. Good condition. G, •• ,lor 
Beginners $75 O.B.O. 587·2639. (516·519) 
DESK tor sale WIIh cablnel top loroompoulor. lndudos 
Sldo hutch. Exoallenl condillon, Alax 459-6964, (516) 

Great Summar Hou .. ' Pllval. pooVjacuul a Yard. 
4 bo. 2112 ba, dupl." Near alii $1950. 459-2935.(51 
2·5113) 

~ bd, 2 112 ba Townhouse- Duplex , pool, jacuzzi, 
I.nnl .... walk 10 UCSD. Sundoekl $1750.(512·519) 
Want to make money while you 8r. out 0' town this 
summer? R.nl your house. apartment or par1thereol 
10 responsible law Sludan .. who WIll be clar1<lng II 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins and McMahon in San Diego. 
Plaase call Mana Macias al m -2801 , oXlensian 
135 tor h,mh.r informatIOn. (4Ul.6/3) 

Room ava,lable In beautllul UI1V."lty City hou .. 
only minuloalromcampus. Pool,jacuzzr. 2fileplaalS, 
bask.ti>all court, wash.,-dryor Plenlllul p8I1Ung. 
~OO + 1/4 utili,,0'.278.0968. (512·519) 

UNIVERSITY CITV $250 Fomale 10 share nrce 3 
bedroom house (own room). Patio, Plano, fi(splaoe, 
wash.r/dryor. No smokors, pelS, drugs, Call MatI< or 
Erica 534 ·2391 . 534·3383 (message), (~·519) 
FurniShed room tor ,ent tNs summer: mid-June to 
mid·Saplomba" $300 + 1/4 utihlies, ~9·7818 , (516-
5113) 
UOIV, ClOY 3 borm, 2 bath, Big bacl<yard. 10 minutas 
Irom campous, $IIOO1mo, Can 554·0637 ask lor 
Oa"on or John, (516,5113) 
SUmmer: Large master beCfroom available June 
15th to Sept 151h or any part, Own balh. carpor1. 
laundry. dishwasher. cabla. & balCOny, 2 blocks to 
storas & busNnas. No drugs or smokers. Graduate 
sludenllOOmmate •. ~OO • 113 utiblias. Russ 453· 
5942, (516-5113) 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~~~~ Call tor detaIls· 2nd 30 Ian days 539,99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap -Only $48 

No( a lefr4lOral)l water loss • Reduce ceMle and streIch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Expires 612191 

Resumes Online Makes Job Hunting Easy 
Don't wan/ toface the hassle of job hunting in a competitive market? 

Afraid employers are already flooded with applications and won't have 
time 10 interview you? Don't worry ... Resumes Online is here 10 help. 

Now employers every.vhere can dial directly into The Resumes 
Online Database from their office computers and read all about you, 
Imagine, your reswne can be workingfor you while you're on the beach, 
watchin' the tube , or lying by the pool. Job hunting was never easier! 

To get started , just mail your typewrillen resume today and we'll 
have your information online/or employers torrwrrow. Get 90 days of 
continuous coverage by sending just thirty-five dollars to Publishers 
Network, Inc., 2635 Camino del Rio South, Suite 203, San Diego, CA 
92108 or phone 941 -2295. 

WALK TO GRADUATION! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La Jolla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$8200 $12500 
One-bedroom suite Two-bedroom suite 

At the Re~ldence Inn by Marriott La Jolla, your family will enjoy spacJou~ one-
and two· bedroom suites with fully equipped kitchens 
andlivlngandlMngrooms. Also , they can treat them-
selves to ourcom- plimentary 
breakfast and hos- pitality hour. 

8901 iI an Dr. 
L,\ loll" CA 92037 

(please mention Ihls dd to receive specioll rdte) 

(6 19) 
587 

1770 

Monday, May 6, 1991 

Fobulout home In sal. ".,ghborihood overlooking 
MB Two loom, aVIII $290 • 1/. UIII. All modem 
conven"ncel. Supri .. ngly aHordable. Co" now. wrU 
go quICk. Jim or Chandra 273·5768 (519·5116) 
TwO roommat •• n.eded. Sharo huge mastGI 
bedroom, avail May '5 , $2~5.'l3ulllrli.s, Sharlene 
558-8023. (51'8) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found ' Plnasonlc Ponable R.corder, Casto 
c.leulalor, Totem pote •• mng. Call 4BHI87 (512· 
5113) 

Lost: Gold·inked braoalo1 In Revelle ParI<Ing or 
HUL Pleast conlac1 Knstln ~6.()140. (5I2·519) 

FOUND: A set 01 keys In a black lealhor case , Call 
558-0329 10 Idanbly (~ 519) 

LOST on 4125191 . Gold·Chaln walch & calculator. 
Pel.rson Hall vlan,oy, plOas. calluz@ 558·2338. 
(519) 

LOST: Skalobo8ld-G&S Selle. 500 Graen Whoel$, 
Ian 4123 GH Call 455·5494 Jim - REWARD (516) 

LOST 501 jeans In POppel Canyon laundry during 
second w ..... W·3Q, L·~ (I Ihink): WIIh edJUsted 
seams, (516·5113) 

oNe 

SUNDAY 

5 6 

12 13 
MOTHER'S 

DAY 

CALL YOUR 
MOM TO SAY 

'HI!' 

19 20 

DefconIV 
9amPC 

Gamerm. 
-

26 27 

PERSONALS 
GOing 10 Eu~ Ihl. summer? Looking Iorsomeono 
10 IIavel WIth 01 don1 mind 1 more In youl group? 
Graduahno Molt Sludenl seeks Iravollnorlda, Call 
sh.,45S-6185.(5I2·519) 
Top31e1lSl populatlrell're schools. 3. Crash and Bum 
TraffIC School, 2, Red AapheHraMre SchoOl, \. The 
L A Police BehaVIOr ModoflCBhon Traffic School 
The 'I mo., populartraHlcschoolis lhe Hrghwaylo 
Humor Traffic School Day/ovelllng cIas .... PB or 
MIsSIOn Valley. 26()'1954. (411·519) 

The UCSD Guardian 

NUD A PERM? 0, i.JSt. great hal"",,? Slacy wllh 
Hunlrldgo Hoir (in lhe Summerhouse Inn) I. running 
a lanlas llc UCSO HAIR SPECIAL. S •• our 
THURSDAY ad o"uslcall uS aI 454'()78S, (4129·51 
9) 
UCSD·. FACTORV OUTLET CLOTHING SALE 
Apparel Deslgnor lone oMe" you 5()%.~ OFFI 
See Ihe ed In this Issue 01 ealilhe hol~no . 5(J..3323 
Top "ylas lor lessl (~616) 
WORLD FEST UCSD: E.ploring cuhu"s her. and 
abOled. Friday May 10, All day ao PIIoa COnle" 
Intamatronal canl.,. Freeralfle Ilckels at most avents. 
Groal pnzo. trom Councrl Travel. (~·519) 

Slh Colleg. stuclenlsl Oon1 miss your chance 10 
voice your optnlon on what the new nlme of Fifth 
College WIll be , ComolOlh. Town meeting on May 
13. Bulldrng 412 MAAC ,'4:30 p,m, 500 you Iher. 
(516·5113) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

Graduating? Paronls coming? Oon1 avan Ihlnk 01 
another hot.' ~II you caN the La JOlla Cove Molol 170 
Beautllul rooms, WlldnlOhHI. 01 Prospect 51 In your 
backyard. wor1d class baauly 01 ~he Cove' QUI your 
lronl balCOny. UCSD Vllllor speelals year round II" 
nOllOO earty, call 459-2621 or loll fre. (800) 248· 
COVE (512,519) CHAt<. Happy 1.5 ylS IlOv. you S_lheart (Quosn 01 ~Iios) NAK, (516) 3211 Holiday Ct. ("ext to Do",i1JO 's Pizza) • 452-9949 
Noed cash? W. bUy CDs. lapeS. YlCIeo. MuSIC 
trader 7094 Mllamar Ad 693·1469 (4122-6.'6) 

BACK EASTII Wo'" InNe" Vork or Boslon .rea this 
summer Soulhwestam Inl. rvleWlng May 6 4 7 at 
PneeCenlor_Umlled PoSll/ons. Mak .. " $5620 lor 
IWslva weaks Morlday l'\lOpm or4'\lOpm .eer1<oly 
Room.Tu.sday 1 'COp m.or4.COp m,DaVlsRoom 
Chock;1 oul l (516) 

M·F 8:30·6 p.m. Exp. 6/26/81 
Slit. 1-4 p.m. With UCSD 10 

What's bett.rthan great comedy? Great bruthable 
comedy. duh. Sunday allh. Improv In P B - non 
SmoIOng nlgllli Call 483·4522 al10r 12 noon (4129-51 
13) 
MI HlfO Febs cumploanos, you old lart, Lunch IS on 
m. MInd you don'l CUI youlsell Mortecar (516) 

To Iho gl~ (ooPS) woman weanng Ihallunky gr.on 
IhlfIQ walloJng towards R8velle (seen In Iront 01 the 
gym sleps) ... whar. you I nama? (516) 

IF IT'S OT l ITHE GUARDIA CLAS lFIEDS, 
YO DO 'T EED IT. 

Student Organization 
Activities and Events 
UCSD University Events & Student Activities Office 

AMP U 5 

MAY 
MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY jo'RIDAY SATURDAY 

1 2 3 4 

--CINCO DE MAYO WEEK--
WERE YOU THERE? 

~ 
7 8 9 10 11 Teriyaki WORLD FEST Film: SigmaNu Burger Sale Noon Rev. PIz. Slay ing the Football & 

Pi Beta Phi Film: llam PCP Dragon BBQ 
Scholarship "Jesus of Phi Kappa 7pm SLHI07 

Banquet Montreal" World Fest Theta Mexican LGBA 
6pm PCB 7pm per Ethnic Theme Churros Sale Chinese Films Semi-Formal' 

Night at the Noon PCP 7pm PH 108 8pm PCB Cafeterias 

14 15 16 Native 17 SUN GOD 18 International 
Native American 8 American FESTIVAL Festival of Kites 

Celebration of MORE DAYS Inter-tribal Noon SunGod 11am War, Flds 
Persian Club Arts UNTIL Solidarity Day JAMBA Y in Concert 
Poetry Night 5pm PC!" THE STUDENT 8amStonehenge Films: 8pm MCA 

6pm PCC ORGANIZATION "Who Invited 
All Campus BANQUET SOUND Us? & "Mau.rice" Anned ForctS Day Dance Roomate Game SESSION 7pm SLH107 7pm PCB 

9pm Triton Pub @ the Grove 

21 22 23 24 25 IFC& NASA Evening STUDENT 
P ANHELLENIC of Poetry ORGANlZA T10NS 

SPIRIT DAY Spm per AWARDS Film: 
l1:30am BANQUET Voices From 

Sigma Chi Gaza 
GREEK WEEK Scholarship Greek Week 7pm SLH107 POWDERPUFF Awards Talent Show FOOTBALL 

Banquet 6pm MCA 

28 29 Undergraduate 30 ELGIN 31 
Theater Play MARBLES @ the Film: Location Key 

Japanese Noon PeC Grove Caffe "From the Four PC/Price Center 
Spm Directions" PCB/Ballroom Animation Film: 7pm SLH107 per /Theater Film "Weapons of the PCe/Cove 

7:30pm 5tH 104 Spirit"7pm PCI' Film: PCP/Plaza 
"Silence of the Film: 

An Evelling of Lambs" "The Graduale" 
5LH/Solis Hall 

Indian Ccqedy 4< 
6:30pm PCf 7pm Per 

MCA/Mandeville 
Blues 8pm PCB 

s<,t a clat (' t () S( ' ( ' til<' Il<'W Sat urns at : 
Saturn of EI Cajon. ;')41 North .Johnson Avenue, EI Cajon (619) 444-7200 



18 SPORT 

THROWING 
Continued from page 20 

This quick rise to the top seem· 
an eOigma. !low could a Divi ion 
IU hool on a Divi ion III budget 
put together a throwing program 
that can beat well-establbhed Di 
vbion I and 11 team , and beat 
them frequently? Th an wer lies 
in trong coaching, dedicated ath-
lete:., and some well-built throw-
ing ring. 

Laying the Foundations 
[n 1988, the UCSD track and 

field team was hiring new coaches 
- for everything. One of the can-
didates for head coach was Mark 
Stanforth. "When I was inter-
viewed for this job, I wa adamant 
on building a complete track and 
field program," Stanforth ~aid. " 1 
did not want to zero in on one port 
and concentrate on just that like 
some colleges. I was looking for a 
whole base of athletes and spe-
cialty coaches." 

After tallforth wa hired, he 
rarted to ri fie through the applica-

tion . for a sistan t coa hes. "When 
l 'awTony·snarne.lcaliedhimup 
and heduled an interview. I did 
not even interview anyone else," 

tan forth said. 
Enter Tony Salerno. Exit a be-

low-par throwing team. alemo 
had been coaching at Mesa 01-
lege until 1987. " I had ac om-
pli. hed what I had wanted t at 

Ie a and then quit in 1987.1 was 
coachingoneathletewh wa · train-
ing for the Olympic~ when I saw 
that U D wa~ hinng track. and 
field coache~." alemo ,aid. " '1y 
goal wa, t gel wilhin the top five 
in national within four to five 

Th UCSD Guardian 

EVOLUTION OF A PROGRAM 

SINCE 1988: 

• Three national champions 

Clockwise from 
left: Bobbie 

Octavo, Scott 
Sargeant, and 

Debbie • Ten All-Ameri an 
THIS YEAR: Hargrove 

• Fiv qualiji d for national : Photos by: (Left) Sue Mapes/GIIO/diall: 
(Top, Bouom R,gh,) Om 

~tcDo\\elVGuardian 
Scott Sargeant, Shannon Quigley, 
Debbie Hargrove, Paul Cogbill, Bobble Octavo 

years. Yel in 19 9 we fini hed 
fourth and that wa fa~ter Ihan [ 
ever believed pos ible. We were 
j ust lu ky to get some top ath-
letes." 

The athletes came from various 
ba kground~ . Some had exten ive 
track backgrounds while other 
heard Ihe word "hammer" and 
thought of BlaI.:k. and Decker. But 
they came togetherlo fonn a throw-
ing team that Salerno believe~ i 
among the best on the ~tate. 

The Training 
Throwlllg, whether it be in db-

cu ,javelin. hammer. or hot put, 
is a slrange pon in at least one 
ense. A Shannon Quigley, the 

national champion in the hot put 
anddi cu two years ago said "We 
train and work out for months and 
our throws la t only two or three 
econds." 

But to re<1ch the highe t level 
requires an inten~e phy ical and 
mental regimen. Everyone, regard-

lc~~ of their paltt e.'(perience in high 
school. mu~t ~t<1rt over. According 
!O Paul Cogbill, who ha ' qualified 
for the nationals in Ihe hammer 

throw, "A lotofwhat we have been 
taught is wrong. We have to tart 
again and mu t learn 10 unlearn. " 

The phy ical aspect of throw-
ing require a certain type of ath-
lete. alemo said Ihat throwers 
mu t have explosive strength 
complim nted by a greal deal of 
fleXIbility. "We do most of our 
lifting in January. It i a lot of 
Olympic lifts like snatche . We 
make the athlete then the thrower." 
Salerno said. 

While each athlete has a pe-
cific lifting program, JeffTaylor, a 
hammer thrower, described hi 
u ual training e ion: "Ba ically 
we work out three hours a day, six 
day a week for II month but 
ome of that is on our own. A lot of 

Ihe lifting [ do are quaIs for the 
lower body. I also do a lot ofballis-
tic exercice . The e help build my 
explosiveness. " 

Salerno was also able to get 
Anatoliy Bandarcouk, the head 
coa h fortheSoviet national throw-
ing tearn. to give a eminar to his 
athlete . According to Salerno, 
Bandarcouk - a gold medali t in 
1968 - icon idered to be the top 
hammer coach in the world . 

Besides the physical exercises, 
throwers study tapes and practice 
vi ualization exercises. All of this 
training is done to accomplish a 
imple motion that lasts a few ec-

onds. Said Quigley: "The spon i 
simple, we make it complicated." 

Throwing: 
Controlled Recklessness 
According to Salerno most lift-

ing i topped prior to conference 
and national meels so that Ihe alh-
lete can concentrate on throwing 
and peak at the right moment. All 

M I1day, May 6,1991 

the pr paration In th~ world, how-
ever, can be for naughl if the 
thrower i n't mentally ready. 

Prior to competition, every 
Ihrower has a ertain ·'rttual." 
Debbte Hargrove, a first-year tu-
dent who qualified for the nation-
als in the di u., aid, "1 like to go 
off by myself and try not !O talk to 
the other competitors. r focu on 
my throwing and in particular on 
one aspect of the throw." 

There are a lot of oxymoronic 
phrases that thrower us to de-
scribe Iheir tate of mind during 
competition. Ac ording to Scott 
Sargeant, who qualified in both the 
hammer and di cus, the perfect 
throwing mindset i a "controUed 
recklessness. You need to be fo-
cu ed but not tentative. There has 
to be a relaxed confidence and a 
ense that you're on auto-pilot." 

To illustrate his point, Sargeant 
described his final hammer throw 
at his firsl Nalional mee!. ") was 
fifth overall bUI [ had fouled my 
firs t two attempts. But my final 
throw got me fourth place. I don't 
remember a thing about it though. 
It wa effortle s'-' 

Said Bobbie Octavo, a q uaiifier 
fo r national s in the javelin: ' 'There 
is a aying around here: Thinking 
hurts the team. You have to have 
fi nesse but al 0 a ense of reckless-
ness at the very end when you let 
go." 

A Family Atmosphere 
If top coaching and top athletes 

were not enough, the UCSD throw-
ing leam has developed an off-the-
field comraderie that enhances irs 
performance. 

" We have ' Ieam feeds' priorro 
See THROWING, Page 14 

Sun Gods . Eucalyptus . Third Dorms . Chancellor 
Atkinson . Stonehenge . Tntons • Central • Muir 
• Mac's Place. The Guardian. ISIS • Wat r Polo 
The Price Center . Construction • The Jolt Guy 

UCSD STUDENTS HAVE BEEN 
MISSING ONLY ONE THING 

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '91 
with a $92.00* per night 
Graduation Package 0 
June 14-16 including 

• " .. D~ ,;;, . 
" I ~ f ~ ~U810S .. 

Loc.Jled at the Renaissance Towne Centle !Just southeast of UTC} 
8935 Town Centre 01 • 453· 1666 • Open Everyday 10·00 am 1100 pm 

••••••••• ••• 
75¢ FiSh Tacos 

• 
L r11t ~ 

P I clistorpp.1 

.., \' r 

t'. 

• ••••• 

I 

III MISSiOn Bay, SO ~u. Pc1ctf,c Beach. hula VIsta. EnCinitas, 
San Marcos. POlflt Lorna. EI Ca/on. Kedlny Mesa. JaCK 

Murphy StacilunJ and now m The Golden Trrangle 
Coming soon to Orange County (Tustm & Irvine). 

a celebration bottle 0 
of champagne 

o 

o 0 

o 

I It; It Rq;~I1I.' ~ 
'\lfldC'1 J )U~J 

o 

o 

o o 
Turn graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 

Sunday Brunch 
erved in 

Barcino Grill 
Sunday June 16 

11 am- 2pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations caU 

(619) 5-2-1234 
1-800-233-1234 

l" ) 0 ' LA' 
~I VE'IIINE 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wedne day 6:30 pm 
Price Center. Third Floor Conferen e Room 
All students are welcome to attend 

FANTASIA 
Thursday, May 9, 6:30, 9:00,11:30 pm 
Price Center Theater 
Only $1 .00 

CWO POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
"SLAYING THE DRAGON" 
Friday, May 10,7:00 pm 
Faustina Solis Hall Room 107 
FREE! 

NEW MUSIC FESTIVAL 
SOCIAL DlSTORTIO ,TOAD THE WET SPROCKET, ROBYN 
HITCHCOCK, AND DADDY LO GLEGGS 
Saturday, May II, 12:00-6:30 pm 
Price Cemer Plaza 
Free!! 
No bonles, cans, containers, cameras, recorders, or glass allowed! 

HELP A.S.! JOIN THE PUBLIC RELA TJONS COMMITTEE 
Meetings are Thursdays from 6:00-7:00 pm 
111ird Floor Price Center, Comllli s ioner of Public Relations Office. 
Can't makeit to the meeting? Call 534-4450 if interested! 

ASSISTANT STUDENT ADVOCATE NEEDED 
Applications are due Monday, May 6, 4:00 pm 
Third Floor Price Center 
Can pick up an application al the Price Center 3rd floor 
with Kathy , the A.S. Receptionist. 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
Meets Wedne day, May 8, 5:00 pm 
Berkeley Room, Price Center 

THE BIRTH CONTROL INFORMATION SE SION ... 
Mondays. 2:00 pm ; Tue days, I I am & 1:00 pm; Wednesdays, 1:00 pm; and 
Thursdays, 10:00 am 
Student Health Service Women' Clinic, 2nd floor 
[( 's for more than you think!!! 
Que ,tions - 534-2669 

COUNCIL TRA VEL'S WORLDFEST 
Friday, May 10, 11:00 am-7:00 pm 
Price Center 
EKplore culture here in the United States and abroad. Win a free trip to Europe 
and Eurail pass at the exciting cultural talent show 

SunGod SunFest '91 

NEWS FLASHES is produced by lhe Use the NEWSFLASHES REQUEST 
to place an advertisement Ads arc subjcct 10 availability of space. Deadline is every Wednesday 
for the following Monday paper. Drop off and Pick up of aIt NewsOashes fonns are to be done 

the AS Secretary -- Third Floor of the Price Center. Contact 534-4450 for more infonnation. 

EXTERNAL AFFAIRS POSITIONS AVAILABLE 
·CAMPUS OFFICE D1RECfOR 
-oversee all EXlemallobby staff and attend UCSA meetings 

·STATE DlRECfOR 
-lobby , educte students on tale level issues, work closely with legislators 
·MUNICIPAL D[RECTOR 
-lobb ,educate student on local off campus is ' ues 
'LOCAL DlRECfOR 
-lobby, educale studet on on campus issues 
· EXTERNAL LIAISON TO SAAC (OUTREA H & RETENTlO MA AGER) 
-provide a direct link from Ihe SAAC organizalions to the AS and vi e versa and 
work on outreach and retention 
Applications available at the AS Offices, 3rdfloor oj Price Celller. 
Askfor Alma or colltacr 534-4450 for more ill/orlllatiol1 . Applicatiolls due May 10 

EAST/WEST HORIZONS PROUDLY PRESENTS 
THE FIRST ANNUAL FULBECK EXHIBIT: 
"Banana Split" by Kip Fulbeck and " nimal Appetites" by Michael ho 
Monday, May 6, 7:00 pm 
Peter on Hall 108 

JESU OF MONTREAL 
Second film of three in the 2nd Annual atholic Film cries 
Tuesd,lY, May 7. 7:00 pm 
Price enter Theatre 
FREE! 

LE UlAN, GA Y AND BI EXUAL A 0 IATION 
ELECflO FOR 1991 - 1992 
Tuesday. May 7.2:30-4:00 pill 
Old Student enter. 2nd floor above Soft Reserves 
8 po itions avail..lble. A greal place to get involved 

THE PROM YOU NEVER HAD 
Saturday. May I I, 9:00 pm- I :00 am 
Pri e Center Ballroom 
Scmi -Fomlal Dance. 0 date required! 

MUIR OLLEGE POSITION AVAILABLE 
.JU lOR SENATOR 
-SEMI-FORMALREPRESE TATlvE 
-A.S. CULTURAL PROGRAMMl G BOARD 

Available in Deall's Office HSS 2120. Due May 13, 199/. 

PRO·CHOICE A WARENE DA Y 
Wednesday , May 8,11:00 am-2:00 pm 
The Hump 
Speakers! Info! Bands - Bungi Thump & Shelley 

UNDERGRADUATE PHYSICS RESEARCH CENTER (UPR 
Wednesday. May 22, 12 noon 
Urey Hall , East Side 
T-Shirts for all panicipants & Pri.~e~ for be~t emtroes. Call the UPRC Office 

VOZ FRONTF"RIZA PRODU TION MEETINGS 
May 8, 3:00 pm and May 9, 4:00 pm 
Second floor of Sludent Center Room 211.3 
Are you interested in Chicano or Latino i s~ue~'? Stop by! 

THE WELL-WOMAN INFORMATION ES ION 
Wednesday , 10:00 am and Thursday~. 1:00 pm 
Student Health Service Women's Clinic, 2nd Floor 
Staying ll ea lthy ... 
Questions 534-2669 

A.S. POSITIONS AVAILABLE 
A.S. Judicial Board Student-at-Large 
A.S. Repre entative to Cu ltural Programming Board 
Parliamentarian 
UCSA Representative 
Registration Fee Representative 
Financial Controller 
Sports Relation Director 
Director of Development 
A.S. Parking Committee Chair and A.S . Student at Large 
pplications due on May 171! They are available af the A.S. Offices. thirdfloor 0/ 
rice Center. Ask/or Alma or Kathy. For more in/ormation call 534-4450. 



/ 

SPORTS PHILLER / PHIL GRUEN 

Chalk Up Another 
litle for the Lakers 
L "~TIIIIK's.rlrl'l J. • I, Ih l.' BA pla\1l11 kill "Ill'mdl .ltion 111 II thi ~ 

1/\ h~ the )Car ~ h 'II 

rr.ors he,ll the Spur 
the 1,lll [l It lit un Ih 
'UP'I ollie '..II' Ihe I r. II 
Bl.l/er ,lllIn ,111 i the 1'.1 "I 
pu"h 'd Ihe Cdl Il I Ihe b((l1~ 01 
1.'11111 111.11 Ion 

But kt" Ill! "Ill III dIes 
hle.lhl )e,lr ILall) 11011'1 "" ,I 
Ilhnk Il't (hll 1"111 tl l,1I1 .Ill) III 
th ... othl'rs. Alll'l all. Ibe Celtic, 
,lilt! II! ' BliIIl.'p .. did \1 III. Ihl' 
PI Ion Jlulkd 011 .I \lllol } III 1111.' 
IJlSI I' IInd.,IIlIi."",· ,lIw,I\', Ib" 
I " 1'\ 'ek~ I "hl'l!; qlll"ll~ I III 

~II\,I tl1,'JI C')IIIIl' lillllll. 

T 
,r l' ,lilIth' <iI' I lit 

III" l r,I\.o htll: of the HI,I ~ 
baH; l I qllt'lIll) ,)\1 hed Ih ' 
1,1"a ')lIt ,)1 Iltl' I ollt,·ht. III 
1.lll. 111,\11) pl'npk \\l'll' ,lll 
,,'rn I tb.lI Ihl' I ,I" 'I' \\('1 C 
gUill' In h.t\'" dlllll'lIl1) ,1",IIII,t 
the I{ ) ·"l·t- '''Illl l'\ ell 
Ihought I A. \\<luld ,ll'lual1) {o" 
lhl.' "'Clle". Imagille- Ihal. 

, Ill" llll. Tlk' l' ,Ill' the-
1 J"~I \\1."11.' lalking ,Ill luI 
pmhahl) .1I11111lg thl' hl'sl leam" 
01 all 111111.'. Oh 'lIIl', thl'rl' 1t,II'e 
heen ... tl,lIIgcr k',lIlh ill 
ha'''''II1.III·, hl"'lOr~ (ltl.l' ot Ill'r 
I ,lh~1 t 1.11.,. fOI e alllpil') bllt 
thi llO' hardlv al Ihl.' 11,11111 
1 1e,1I In d u\\ tlt.lt tIll' \\' <lr 
rim h.1 . prl'Sl'llIe-d thl.'lll'" '1\ l· ... 
1m tlt~ L ,11.t'r., to k,lSI upon lit,,) 
dl'\tft) 'Ithe Warnu, 126 16 
la'i nl~ht). the purple team l'lIll 
Lll' \n ·Ie ... \\111 be (llle ... Il'p 
a\\u) Immlhl' hnab bdUle 
an) b )(1\ can bat an ey .... 

S I> II SA Y Ihat Ih ... l ,I"l'r ... are old and .,10\\ - that til 'Y 
can'l match up \\ ith some of th' 
younr 'r. qUlc"er team with fa,1 
guarJ ... . I3aloney. Tell MagiC 
John on that he· ... old, and you'lI 
have to <I) the arne thing t 

olan Ryan and J e ~lont..lna 
Tim\! and IIllle again. John nn 
takes l harge and c ntrols games 
It"e nob dy else. Who e<lll forgl.'l 
th1.'19('1 B hll.llsl\hen 
Jabbar went down ,lIld John" n 
repla 'u him at c 'Illel - and leJ 
the Laker to Ihe titk') 

Really. it IS John 011 \ pr' 'n'e 
th,1I make evel}ooJ)~" around 
hun, great, bu t J al1ll'~ \\\mh). 

amPerkin .andB)IOnSLottt:illl·t 
See PHILLER. Pag 14 

PORTS 
The U D Guardian Monday, May 6,1991 

Softball Wins a Playoff Trip to Pella, Iowa 
• Playoffs: Tritons seeded 
second in West; open play 
Friday against Simpson 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 
and Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

Lale 1,1 I nlghl. thl.' l . 0 .,oltball leam 
heard \\ hal It had \\ ~lIled Ihree Olontlh and 
41 gaml'" to hear. The Triton ... are going to 
Pt'lla. Iowa. 

Okay .... o 1l1,1~ hI.' lorn wa\n 't exa ·tly ~hal 
they h<lJ in 1Illtld althe hegmning of the year. 
BUI .1111.'1 a 'I.'a\llll m,lrrl.'d by lI1eon~istent 
pIa) and a fin,tlll.'cord (21 20) \\ hleh \Va 10 

• Games: Tritons take three 
out of four in doubleheaders 
against Whittier and USD 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Wnter 

In one day. the LCD ~oftball cam 
~ummeu up it entire ... ca~on - occasional 
flu hesofbrilhance marn:d by pUll.ling bout~ 
of meptituue. S<lturdd} aftl.'rnoon. alter 

~weeping Whl11ier 11-0, 7-4 on Thursday. 
the Triton, (21 20) thr tsherl )D 7 I in the 
opeOing gJme of a doubleheader. but then 
collap ed in the ntghtcap. 10'>1I1g 9-1. 

a~ Ihe ka"t. ,hon of 'par" I lilt'. they <Ire 
I1Ime th.m h.lpp~ III hop a plane 10 low;]. 

. ! feel 'llm/. Just "LIIII1" 111. that \~a" the 
S e PLAYOFFS. Page 13 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Dana Chaiken and the Tritons slid into the 
postseason and will head to Pella, Iowa. 

Thursday. LCD ,>corched WhittH:r hr 
31 hits over the t\\O gallle~. ~ettlng lip 
Saturday's howdO\~n lIgain.,t USD \\ Ith a 
pIa) olt".,p)t 011 Ihe Iir,c. 

CSD 1.'111 Dianna \IOt 1110 th\.: mound 
See SOFTBALL. Page 13 

A Day of 
Opp sites 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
AssocmlJ S rt Eat/or 

It 'Ie"'llll'd ttl he ,I da\ 01 (IPP(I-
,itC', for Ihl' l ( SD lI"" tl"lIlh. 

\\ hilL' Ihl' 1lll'1l I qll t hl'1I Ihr ... l' 
ra L" ag,lIll,t lung Ik,ldl State 
In 'l uollllg ,I tl 'ht \ Iltllf) bY,IIlll'rl' 
"I. 'l',l1 III th ' 1111\ Il'l' ci·' ht thl' 
\ I)Ill~n III k ,I h,1l1. l'Jt tll ,I dOllll 

nant IlJ'r re\\ on SUII 1,1) JIl l nn,? 
Ik,ll1l 

lor lit 'Ill n' \ t" m. thl' 
d,,_ 1\,1. to put 0111111.11), ... u""..,-
ru\. ritt: \.11 It) I.'lght boat 100\ed 
I ,\"t l.nn~' HC,Il'l1 Stale 10 o:OX.8 
\\ It II thl.' 'lei" IlImhmg 1116: 14.3. 
In tb,' 111'11'" fro h "ight rm:e . 
LJ 'SIHinl,h 'd nine ~l'c\lnd ... ahead 
of 'SL'LB III h:.io.·r he- m ... n \ nov 
IlL' eight ral.' lll,uKl.'d ,I light ball1c 
bel ween L CS D and ~S LB Ifl 
\\ hieh thl.' Triton, t'velllU<lll) pre-

S e CREW Page 13 

rae HasA 
ield Day 
Men and women 

clean up in field events 
at UCSD Open 
By Les Bruvold 
ASSOCiate Sports Editor 

In a meet \"ho ... e gu ·.,t 1i ... 1 10-
duded ~cver:l l past and probabl) it 
rcv" futule Olympic ,l1 hletl.' .... the 
U SO Irack ,lOti field tCUIll fared 
rathcradnlll'ably mthe fa eof tiff 
competiti n at CSD 
Open. 

Three more Trit n' - long 
jumper J.J. l!>nero. high jumper 
Ian Cooke. and p Ie vaulter Paul 
John~on - n tched ' -quali-
fy i ng marb on the day and three 

C 0 ~chool rl.!cord ... also fell dl.! 
spite ... ome rath\!f\\ indy condition, 
The count of national-4ualifying 

Tntoll~ now tund, at 14. tnc1ud-
in" nine 1\ Olllc.: n nd fl\c men. 

One nllght "',1), that the- Tritons 
rcall) had a ticld da) aturda)':\,; 
tht meet' ho ts c1eaneu up in th\! 
field ~\ent: mULh It"e the) have 

Se TRACK Page 14 

GuardIan Foia Photo 

Tritons Split 
With CSUS 
• Baseball comes to life 
in final games, scoring 
26 runs in four games 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

With the.: wa) thlng~ have been go-
ing lately. the l C 0 b;]~cball team 
:.hould be happ) \1 Hh tile srlit of Ihis 
w\:ehntl\ II ur-~,Inh! .er,t:~ With tra-
dition,11 mal CSL an Bernardino. 
The ",l111 ... S Ill\;; 111 Itttk tlS far a pl.lyoff 
b\.:nhs \\Cle l:Onccrned. VCSD has long 
since beenelirninated from pO~heason 
pia). 

Doran Yount hammered a two-run blast in the nightcap of 
Saturday's doubleheader against CSUSB. UCSD won 10-3. 

Their season did, hO\\ever, end on 
Ih fight note a ... Ihe Tnton otTense 
came alive in the la~t four gdme~, e -
ploding for 26 luns, On aturday, the 
Tntons (15-23) hosted CSUSB in their 
final home games oftheea on. In the 
opener, stane! Ryan Flanagan baffled 

See BASEBALL, Page 14 

~e Be tin the 
In ju t f ur year , th UCSD track 
and fidd throwing team has become 
on f the top program in the tate. 
By Srinath Sanda 
Staff Wrtter 

W ill To. Y ALERNO came to CSD, the f1r~t thmg he did wa check out the throv"ing ring. He did not like what he 
found. 

alerno had j u t been hired as the throwing 
coach for the C D track and field team and, to 
say the least, he wa n t happy. "The ring were 
unu 'able," alemo commented. 

"We decided we had to do omething, so we 
moved to 1i1e High. got ome m ney from the 
trac" program Jnd staned working, digging," 

The"\\e"rcferredlothe thr wingteam.F rthe 
next few week:, every aturday \Va devoted to 
digging. pouring concrete, and building cages that 
\\ uld be the home f tht' throwing team 

TIMt \\ a ba 'k in J 9 8. 0\\. three year' later, 
the re ulb of their hard work have unfolded in ,1 

Dan McDowel l/Guardian 
According to junior Paul Cogbill, everybody 
must start over once they get to UCSD. 

rapid ri e to the upper echelon of colfegiate throw-
ing. The throwing program has produced three 
national champi ns and ten 11- mericans, This 
eason alone. prior to the 'C 0 Invi tational, the 

throwing team had pr dUL 1 five of th nine 
alhlete from th track and field team that qualified 
for th national champion hIps. 

See THROWING, Page 18 


