
·OPINION 
Now that the ground war 

bas bcsun, some will 
complain that we failed to 
give diplomacy a chance. 
Gorbachev's peace plan 
contained too many holes to 
merit serious consideration. 
When this war ends, it will 
be on our termsIP AGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Even if you're not the 

type who relishes a good 
hike, that doesn't mean you 
can't experience the great 
outdoors. San Diego's back 
country offers thousands of 
feet of forests and parks for 
anyone and everyone to 
enjoylPAGE 9 

.SPORTS 
Ice hockey is a new 

extramural sport at UCSD, 
and the tearn has emerged 
as one of the leaders in the 
Pacific Collegiate Hockey 
Association. In the second 
of an occasional series, we 
take a look at the tearn, the 
players and the rules of the 
pme/PAGEll 

.A&E 
Lamb', Player Theatre 

in National at)' presenta 
'1be Rivals. .. a comedy in 
the spirit of Shakespeare's 
"A Midsummer Night's 
Dream." But "1be Rivals" 
flJZles ~ Sblkespeare's 
"Midpmgner Night's 
Dream" is just _ -. 
___ A miowIPAGE 13 

INDEX ... 
lJQID CJipi: 4 ••••• _ ••••••• 2 
~ ..................... 4 

............. 9 
L,a __ laftmnent •• 12 

. 

KSDT Programming 
Control May Shift 
To UCSD Extension 
By Debbie Rosenthal 
Staff Writer 

A.S. President John Edson met privately with 
UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkin on on Thursday 
to discuss the future of the KSDT radio tation, a 
future now clouded by the pos ibility that control of 
the station may hift from the AS. to the UCSD 
Extension. 

UCSD Exten ion is already set to manage the 
new UCSD televi ion tat ion, originally scheduled 
to go on the air in 1992 but delayed by budget cuts. 

Because one of the official roles of the extension 
program is community outreach, extension offi-
cials feel that campus broadcasting falls within that 
role. 

"The way we understand it, all authority to 
admini ter broadcast services lie under the vice 
chancellor of extension," said KSDT A i tant 
Manager C. Squibby Breyman. "What they want to 
do with that authority we don't know." 

According to Breyman, every radio station in 
the UC sy tern is run by tudents, and all but two of 
those station broadca t over the air. 

KSDT has been run by the A.S. for the past 22 
years, but the station has only broadcast on low-
level carrier current to campu dorm and on Cox 
and South we t cable radio frequencies. 

The station has had to u e these methods, which 
can only reach a limited audience, becau e the 
station does not have a Federal Communication 
Commission (FCC) license to broadca t over the 
airwaves. 

Rlmas Uzglrls/Guardian 
Guitar Man "steels" the night away - John Cephas belted out the blues in the 
Piedmont tradition as part of the Masters of the Steel String Guitar concert on 
Friday night at Mandeville Auditorium. See story on page 12. 

If the administration of KSDT i transferred to 
UCSD Exten ion, Edson said , then re ponsibility 
for funding will hift as well. 

But recent attempts by A.S. leaders and KSDT 
staff members to obtain a broadca t licen e for the 
tation has changed the situation completely. 

"[The AS. would] pay for funding to upgrade 
the transmitter," Edson said. "We would be able to 
fund the majority of the cost ourselve ." 

According to Edson, Atkin on has aid that the 
new transmitter would be built afterthe TV station, 
most likely at the end of the decade. 

"The chanceHor was really ambivalent [during 
Thursday's meeting] and ... said it was something 
I would have to resolve entirely with [Dean of 
Extension] Mary Walshok," Ed on aid. 

La t Friday, Walshok met with both 
Atkinson and Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affair 10 eph Watson in order to 
discu the i ue of bringing both radio and 
television under extension control. 

Wat on and Walshok were not available 
for comment. 

When contacted regarding tbe campus 
radio station, Walshok's assi tant, Joan 
Vilbrandt, initially denied that Wal hok had 
anything to do with the project. 

Edson explained that the A.S. has over $200,000 
in "mandated reserves" that could be put toward the 
project, in addition to private spon orship. 

He also said that student volunteers could help 
with actual upgrade work. 

"While [Atkinson] claimed to be upportive of 
a student-run radio station, he couldn't give any 
detail ... becau ehedidn ' t deal with those things," 
Edson added. 

Vilbrandt later said that "there have been 
some meetings with Wat on and Atkin on ... 

See KSDT, Page 3 

Panel Discusses Roles of Patriotism, Media in War 
By Stephaan Harris 
Guardian Reporter 

Questioning the way the mass 
media represent the United Slate in 
wartime, four UCSD professors 
discussed patriotism, politics, and 
the Persian Gulf Thursday night at 
UCSD's Graduate School of Inter-
national Relations and Pacific Stud-
ies. 

Sponsored by the Graduate Stu-
dents for Peace and the Graduate 
Student Association, the forum ad-
dressed the topic, "What Does Pa-
triotism Mean In 1991?" 

The panelists - consisting of 
Ethnic Studies Professor George 
Lipsitz, Literature Professor Ian 
Barnard, and Communication Pro-
fessors Susan Davis and Vicente 
Rafael - gave their views on 
modem patriotism in front of ap-
proximately 60 students and specta-
tors. 

The panels discussed how 
American patriotism, especially in 
relation to the Persian Gulf War, 
possesses negative traits. In addi-
tion most of them blrut.!~ the mass 
media both for promoting the United 
States as a country that is supreme 
over all others and for inflating pride, 
thus questioning the legitimacy of 
Americans' patriotic view . 

"It is fundamentally wrong to 
show loyalty to a state that believes 
in the domination of other states," 
Davis aid. 

She added that the confu ion 
some people feel, even those that 
advocate the war, comes from the 
way the situation is presented to us 
through the media. 

According to Davis, events in 
the gulf seem to shift and heavily 
favor the American side, even 
though there is limited information 
regarding recent events and devel-
opments. 

According to Rafael, patriotism 
can create a sense of arrogance or 
self-importance among the Ameri-
can people. 

"Patriotism seems to make other 
countries and their wars less signifi-
cant," he said. "Our dead soldiers 
seem to matter more than the other 
[casualties]." 

Rafael also commented on how 
capitalistic marketplaces take ad-
vantage of the war and the pride of 
Americans by cHing products that 
glorify the American involvement 
in the war, such as "Support Our 
Troops" T-shirts. 

Lipsitz emphasized the effects 
patriotism can have on the commu-
nity. He said that Americans should 

come to grip with fundamental 
views of the Persian Gulf War that 
tend todivide the society, and should 
strive to build unity. 

According to Bamard, the media 
are guilty of heavily promoting sup-
port for the American troops, while 
Saudi Arabian and Iraqi troops are 
mentioned or profiled very little. 

Barnard also questioned the rea-
soning of American support, be-
cause sentiments of nationalism, 
imperialism, and homophobia seem 
to be evident in the American way 
of thinking. 

Some members of the audience 
voiced their opinions and questions 
in re ponse to the paneli ts' views 
on patriotism, reflecting upon the 
effects patrioti m has on the thoughts 
and views of Americans. 

"The main problem with patrio-
ti sm is that people consider other 
source of power,like the economy, 
to be unimportant and independent 
of society," said Omar Hernandez, a 
graduate student of Latin American 
Studies. "They don ' t account for 
those other types of power and in-
fluence." 

Jennifer Vann/Guardian 
Susan Davis and George Lipsitz both spoke at Thursday's forum. 



2 NEWS 

UCSD 
ClJPS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Expert Appointed to IRIPS Pacific 
Economic Cooperation Chair 

Lawrence Krause, an expert on trade and economic 
issues in the Pacific Basin, has been appointed as the fust 
holder of the endowed Pacific Economic Cooperation 
Chair at the Graduate School of International Relatioos 
and Pacific Studie (!RIPS). 

According to Krause, whose research focuses on the 
economies of Pacific Rim countrie.i, trade policy in the 
1990s will be characterized by increasing regionalism. He 
predicts that the countries of the Pacific Basin "will form 
the world's mo t powerful economic region," a region 
that will con olidate its substantial economic power to 
compete with the newly unified Europe. 

San Diego i poised to become a hub city in the Pacific 
Basin, according to Krause. "With proper communication 
and transportation facilities, San Diego could become a 
service and production center for the region," he said. 

Krause currently oversees an economic forecasting 
project on the Pacific Rim region underthe auspices of the 
Pacific Economic Cooperation Conference (pECC), an 
organization of 15 Pacific Rim nations. 

Under the umbrella organization. government, busi-
ness, and academic experts collaborate on an annual 
economic forecasting project that focuse on the econo-
mies of indi vidual countries as well as the economy of the 
entire Pacific Rim region. 

Financial backing from the new endowed chair will 
support Krause' research, teaching, and lecturing activi-
ties. Krau ehaspubli hedmorethan50article andbooks 
on trade policy and economic coopermon in the Pacific 
Rim region. 

Prior to joining IR/PS in 1986, Krause was a senior 
fellow with the Brookings Institution. He was a senior 
member of the White Hou e' Council of Economic 
Advisors in the Johnson administration. and prior to that 
he taught Economics at Yale Univen.ity. 

Krause has also erved as a consultant to the United 
States Govemment's Special Representative for Trade 

egotiations and to the U.S. State Department. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Pacific Economic Cooperation Chair in [ntemat ionsl 
Economic Relations was funded with a prior donation made 
to lR/PS by Lawrence and Ewa Robinson of La Jolla. 

Scripps Aquarium Plans Celebration 
For March San Diego Museum Month 

As part of the March San Diego Mu cum Month: Scripps 
Aquarium-Museum will offer a variety of special programs, 
tours, and hands-on experience designed to educate visitors 
on the changing world. 

During March, the museum at Scripps Aquarium will 
feature a new exhibit on global climate changes. The display 
will include the research of Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy scientists on the changes taking place in theenvironment 
over weeks, months, decades. and centuries. The exhibit will 
feature studies of the Greenhouse EtTect and EI Nino, and will 
explain how climate predictions are made. The mllSelD1l is 
open daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is by donation. 

In addition, free marine life lectures will be offered at the 
aquarium's outdoor, man-made tidepool at 10 and II a.m 
each Saturday in March. Aquarium docents will speak on the 
intere ting and unique marine life existing in the ocean waters 
otT San Diego. 

From II a.m. to 3 p.m each Sunday in March, Scripps 
Aquarium's Discovery Laboratory will be open to students 
free of charge for a hands-on learning experience on marine 
plants and animals and their natural ocean habitats. 

The historic Old Scripps Building will be open for public 
tours from II a.m. 10 3 p.m. on March lOaspartofthemuseum 
month special programs. Completed in 1910, the building is 
a National Historic Landmark. and the oldest structure at 
Scripp Institution. Guides will be on hand for free tours. 

For more infonnation, call Scripps Aquarium-Museum at 
534-FlSH or 534-6933. 

London Theater Troupe to Present 
Aristophanes' 'Frogs' This Weekend 

The London Small Theatre Company will present 
Ari tophanes' comedy, "Frogs," at8 p.m., from Friday through 
Sunday, in the Price Center Theater. The play is set in Athens 
- the city is in trouble, the politicians cannot be trusted, 
Sparta is breathing down its neck, and the wise poets to whom 
the populace looked for advice were in their graves. Dionysus 
saves the day with a trip to Hades to re urrect the best poet for 
the job. 

The British tbeater ensemble will perform the play in 
Engli h to a contemporary music score. Tickets are $6 and are 
available from the UCSD Box Office at 534-4559, and 
TicketMaster outlet. 

by Bill Watterson 

n1t>.ts ?\I\'( I'M 
WIo.'( Ol/£R HfRE. 

L-_____ --'- L.:-:::....;.:.::,,=--___ ~ L-_____ ......J L-___ ~..I..=:.....J ............... -'-"'_-'--;........;....J 

Monday, February 25, 1991 

FROM OTHER CAIv'IPUSES 
False Letter Declares UCSB Campus 
'Sanctuary' for Draft Dodgers 

SANTA BARBARA - A recently circulated letter 
typed on official UC letterhead stated that UCSB had been 
made a "sanctuary" for all people seeking to avoid a 
possible military draft. 

After raising the hopes,curiosity,andconcems of many 
students and faculty, the declaration was discovered to be 
a hoax, written and sent anonymously and without permis-
sion on UCSB Chancellor Barbara Uehling's official 
stationery. 

Uehling denied writing the letter, which stated that 
persons who for moral, ethical, or religious reasons could 
not participate in the war could find refuge on the VCSB 
campus. The letter also included Uehling's name and 
office phone number 11£ well as the name of UC President 
David Gardner. 

Uehling said that her office received numerous calls 
about the false document from various alanned member.; 
of the campus conununity, and that she had no idea who 
was responsible. 

Officials at the Student Anti-War Coalition (SA WC) 
- widely recognized for much of the on-campus protest 
activites - denied any knowledge of the statement's 
origins, as did other area peace activists. 

SA WC organizers, who said the letter was beneficial 
because it raises awareness about the issue of a possible 
draft, recognized immediately that the lener was a fake. 

1bey attributed their recognition to the appearance of 
Chancellor Uehling's name on the document. 

"It's such a contradiction in terms," said one SA WC 
organizer. "That's what's funny about it." 

Uehling apparently found little humor in the escapade, 
stating that the misuse of official letterhead is "a violation 
of university policy ... 'and it may be illegal." 

Some in the campus community speculated that the 
letter was part of a serious underground anti-war etTort. 

According to a public infonnation representative, the 
administration does nOl have any actual plans for such a 
draft sanctuary policy. 

GuKKnIAN 
PHtL GRUEN, Editor In Chltlf 
ROBIN MAClEAN, Managing Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, AssocIaIe Sports Editor 
JAMESCOUUER, ~~nEdltor 
GREG DIXON, Assoc/lIte Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, Associate News Edllor 
MARY BETIY HEARD, Associllfe News Editor 
lARA HEISlER, Associate A&E Editor 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, Associate Sports Editor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, Assoclale A&E Editor 
PETER KO, SpotU Editor 
JENNFER KOlSKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Associate Copy Editor 
LENG lOH, Arls'EntenlJ/nment Editor 
MEL MARCelO, ~ Graphlc$ Editor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, Associllle Features Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AssocIate Photo EdItor 
JEFF QUAN, Graphics Editor 
JASON SNEll, News Editor 
RIMAS UZGlRlS, Pholo Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCH~ FNIunJs Editor 
JENNFER YANCEY, Ar111IEnfertIIJnment Edttor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bu.Ine •• M"'~'" 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertl.lng M"'~'" 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdVertl"ng De'1Qner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CI ... ffI«l R.",...",.tlv. 
-...... """-_: SI'OII)'FrMertIorgor. TomSdlallor. DooQ~. Ka1aSWVO 
-......-:L ...... !IIIar9t.DanoIIc..t.P .... V_ 
~ o..eIc..t.Joo lit. Mi1g Lil 

Monday, February 25,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Scripps Receives Grant for Surveying 
• System expected to advance marine geology studies 

The W. M. Keck Foundation 
awarded a S 1.15 million grant to-
ward the first installation of a pio-
neering system in seafloor survey-
ing aboard UCSD/Scripps lnsti-
titution of Oceanography' (SIO) 
research vessel Melville. The total 
cost of the project is more than $2 
milJion. 

S[O has provided about $6OO,<XX> 
from university sources. Additional 
funding has been requested from 
the Navy and the National Science 
Foundation (NSF). 

The new seafloorsurvey system, 
called SEA BEAM 2000, will be 
installed after the modification to 
become operational in early 1992. 

The SEA BEAM 2000 is ex-
pected to lead to major advances in 
marine geology, and its map-mak-
ing capability will benefit all type 
of oceanographers - biological, 
physical, chemical, and geological 
- who use the ocean floor as a 
laboratory for increasingly sophi -

KSDT 
Continued from page 1 
it's tied into our TV station [some 
time] down the road." 

Edson said that Walshok' 
standpoint on the i ue is to "im-
prove the university image, basi-
cally providing a service to the out-
side corrununity. She wants to cre-
ate the C-Span 0" research, which is 
totally divergent from what we 
want." 

Edson said that the A.S. Council 
wants KSDT to be a place where 
students can gain valuable experi-
ence in the communications field. 

If extension begins managing 
KSDT, then students would no 
longer be able to program the broad-
casts. 

The KSDT station manager 
would also no longer be appointed 
by students, but rather by extension 
officials. 

In addition, Edson said that if 
extension gains the right to run the 
radio station, then the project to 
upgrade KSDT and obtain an FCC 
license would be postponed for sev-
eral years due to financial reasons. 

TIle A.S. wants to get the project 
underway immediately, Edson ex-

ticated field experiments that in-
volve sampling. monitoring, or 
modifying the environment. 

"Acquiringamapofthecompo-
ition and shape of this 'laboratory' 

is a prerequisite for mo ttypes of 
experiments,just as buying a topo-
graphic sheet is the first step in most 
land-based field programs," aid 
Dr. George Shor Jr., SIO professor 
of Marine Geophysics and director 
of ship operations. 

"The relief of the seafloor is 
itself a factor that controls many 
deep-sea processes and must, 
therefore, be measured if the e 
processes are to be understood," 
Shorsaid. "These include the natu-
ral building and destruction of sea 
features and the influences of ocean 
currents on the ever-changing face 
of the deep sea." 

The SEA BEAM 2000 was de-
veloped by the General Instrument 
Corporation in cooperation with 
sro scientists. SIO's research ves-

plained. 
"We want to broadcast some of 

the same things ... [but] we want to 
do it now," Ed on said. 

Edson said that he has proposed 
a compromise with UCSD Ex-
tension's requests. 

"We'd pay for funding for the 
new transmitter [and have] a uni-
versity-wide committee of facully, 
staff, students, and administrative 
official to decide programming," 
he said. 

According to Breyman, such a 
committee would hire an out ide 
advisor, but station programming 
would continue to be done by stu-
dents. 

"The advisor and commillee 
would check to see if there was a 
progranuning deficit [in a certain 
areal." rather than programming the 
station themselves, Breyman said. 

"We have enough balance that 
all the programming could be pro-
duced from within the station," he 
said. 

"We've been doing it for 22 
years ... just because we'd be broad-
casting doesn't mean ... that our 
programming would change. Qual-
ity would go up," he added. 

According to Breyman, KSDT 

sel ThomasWashillgton was the first 
university ship to utilize an early 
generation of the SEA BEAM ys-
tern, and its scientists are among the 
world's leaders in the development 
of side scan and bathymetry tech-
nology. 

The system has played a key role 
in ocean exploration, especially 
marine geology, and has contributed 
to survey work for ocean drilling 
and deep-sea expeditions. 

The ignals are broadcast from 
arrays mounted on the ship's hull 
and are reflected from the seafloor, 
with their return time measured and 
converted to depth and offset dis-
tances by computers. A ploner then 
produce multi -colored contour 
map of the shape and elevations of 
seafloor features. 

"This ystem will enableM ell/ill e 
to playa leading role in accelerating 
programs of global exploration and 
environmental monitoring," Shor 
said. 

KSDT deejay EI Ghazali 
would create separate cable and 
broadcast stations if it was granted 
an FCC license. 

Breyman also said that the cost 
of running KSDTwouid not change 
drastically if it were to program two 
different stations, because the sta-
tion would be able to use existing 
equipment and space to create a 
second broadcast studio. 
News Editor Jason Snell also 
contributed to thIs story, 

NEWS 3 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$149 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, Paraperm, :~';J~N~"~ 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

IRON HORSE BOOT Co. 
Fine Western Boots & Shoeboots 

954 Garnet 
Pacific Beach 

(619) 270-1883 
10-6 M-F. 10-5 Sat., closed Sunday 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. EdilOl' in Chier 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Managing Editor 
JASON SNELL. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

TIteUCSD G_dIIl. b""bliJhod 'woumclI_k II the Unlvcnl'yofCtdlf ....... s.n Doc", 0.-.. 
CI99I , Vlcw ... ,....tcId hcm.1qlftKlII lite ... jon'Y"'" ofllteediooriaJ -.II1II ... n ... 'c~ly 
"-ofllte UC Boord of ... ,.. ... the ASUCSD. _ the ..... G __ 1IIIt 

THE PERSIAN GULF WAR 

Peace in the Gulf - on Our Terms 
Now that the ground war stage of the Persian Gulf War has 

begun. some will inevitably complain that a diplomatic option 
was not given a reasonable chance to bring an end to the 
hostilities. Indeed. it will be easy for anyone opposed to the war 
to point to the peace plan proposed by Soviet President Mikhail 
Gorbachev and accepted by the Iraqis. CeI1ai.n1y, some would 
say, a quick peace is better than no peace at all. President Bush 
rejected the Soviets' peace plan not out of any love for war, but 
because the proposal was nothing more than a very well-dressed 
straw man. 

The Gorbachev plan was a grandiose exercise in political 
showboating. It was designed to make the Iraqis look. good, paint 
Gorbachev as a global peacemaker, and would have allowed 
Saddam Hu seintoescapescot-free-anoutcome which would 
have been totally unacceptable. 

For a peaceful outcome to be achieved in thi conflict, there 
can be no concessions made to the Iraqi . Saddam Hu sein' 
forces invaded Kuwait last August, occupied its cities, annexed 
it, and seized its assets and it oil fields. Since that time, the Iraqi 
occupation force has raped and pillaged Kuwait City, taking 
vinually everything of value. and brutalizing the natives. 

Last week, when the Iraqi agreed to a "full and unconditional 
withdrawal" from Kuwait, they allempted to avoid responsibility 
by setting down several condi tions, including the reprieve of all 
United Nations' re olutions and sanctions placed on Iraq. One 
U.N. resolution in panicular called for Iraq to assume full 
financial re ponsibility for its inva ion of Kuwait. Under 
Gorbachev's peace proposal, Iraq would be free from paying war 
reparations. 

The main purpose of thi war is to enforce U.N. anction. 
Sanctions should be kept in place as long as Saddam's military 
remains a threat. One of the main goals of this conflict should be 
the destructi n of the Iraqi war machine. An outcome with 
anything less is unacceptable, 

The gall of the Iraqi leadership is almost beyond belief. After 
live weeks of blanket bombing, resulting in the pulverization of 
Iraq's defenses and the vinual annihilation of its infrastructure, 
Saddam Hussein still believes that he can end this war on his own 
tenns. Among other things, Iraq demanded aceasc-fire, agreeing 
to begin a pull-out from Kuwait within a day, and be completely 
withdrawn within three weeks. Funhennore, Iraq called for the 
suspension of U.N. resolutions after only two-thirds of its troops 
have withdrawn. 

The idea that Iraq is making any demands at all is laughable. 
Hussein has called for gestures of good faith from the allies when 
he himselfhas yet to act in good faith . Recall the earliest days of 
the conflict, when Hussein promised to have his troops out of 
Kuwait within a week. Seven months later, he asks for three 
weeks. 

The plan made no mention of how over 500,000 Iraqi mines 
will be disposed of, nor did it address the status of over 100 Iraqi 
lighter planes which fled to Iran in the early weeks of the war. 

lndeed. consider the source of the plan- Mikhail Gorbachev. 
In recent months, Gorbachev has watched his Soviet Union 
crumble and his popularity wane. As a world power, the Soviet 
Union has become largely impotent, having enough difficulty 
dealing with its own internal crises. By taking on the role of the 
diplomatic middleman, Gorbachev no doubt saw an excellent 
opponunity to reassert himself as important player in interna-
tional affairs. Had the allies accepted the proposal, his plan may 
well have worked. 

But the allies - and the U.S. in particular - are not stupid. 
aearly, a political victory in the Gulf War is far more important 
than a quick peace and any attempt by Gorbachev to weasel his 
way out of a crisis at home. It is ironic that Gorbachev had hoped 
to emerge as a peacemaker and forger of compromise from this 
conflict. especially considering his recent need to use military 
force to quell domestic uprisings in the Baltic Republics -
uprising which came as a re ult of Gorbachev's refusal to 
compromise on independence for the republics. 

Bush' "high-noon" ultimatum was clearly the only way to 
go. The Iraqis may have initialed this conflict, but the allies and 
the U.S. are going to finish it - on our own tetms. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 25, 1991 

BENSON 

---. _-. 

-

~-........ -"., 
- ' 

_ -- ., '..;-.-:':"'- . ~-
. --

COMMENTARY 

Post-War Gulf on the HOrizon 
• America must be thinI<irYJ of the future in the Persian 
Gulf, and should plan to leave soon after the war 
By GnIg DIxon 
AIaoc:i.ft Opinion EdIIar 

We are now one moadl into the Gulf War IDd 
pcopIe are beJimin& to diac:aMa whit the post-war 
PmiaD Gulf order sbouId be lib. 1bc diJcusiOIlbas 
centered on .America's role in the gulf as much as it 
has upon the future of a defcaled Iraq. 

In thinking of the Gulf War, America must plan 
for the post-war order. This order must be founded 
on principles which ensure IS8bility aOd growIb for 
the region. 

The first phase of lite post-war Older should be • 
regional security SlNCtUre. Tho beat ~..nty 
struCIW'e would be founded upoo 1be ~ of 
aD of the SIllieS in the rcaioa. indndina IsnIcI.IO 
dcIaId die IeI'ri1oriaI i ........... ., rI all ...... 
..... 

l.InIel ... be included ill dllllOC-'oto~ 
die aecuriay syIIem from be!Q'dI". iimpIe1Gol6 
las desbudioo. While 11111 DOl ooe 10 defend r..a or 
las past ICIions, it is. tOYeIdp icalhl& ...... 
much ri&bt to rebIin ill ~.e as aD)' Olber 
nation .. in !he reJioo. ' 

It may, however, p!OVO impoIsibID to iDCIude 
_ Inet in 1be security S)'IIeID. Ifdlis JlRMllIIO be.tbo 
case. a smaller SIIUCIUIe could be II1iInJed wbidJ 
would include Saudi AnIbia IDd !be smaller PtniID 
Gulf s&aIeI, lim and Iraq. as weD at Syria lad 
possibly SordID. Egypt could be added to die list if 
!he rest are amenable. 

Above aD, Ibis system sbould be _ up by Iho 
stales in question. America CIa play • pidina role. 
but it should not fon:e abe IbIpina d. Middle. BIll 
NATO to lUll AmcricIn inIIeIaU. America.1.ibwiIe, 
must be SlR to remove aD of our ImOpS as 1OOIl. II 
possible after the cooftk:t. The de1De of. l'IIbecI 
Kuwait IOd, if neceauJy, the occupIIioo fA pq. 
should be left to Ibo Anb .... 

America is iIllile Persian OuIfto eabOe UIIIIed 
NaIiaas mandltes for Ibe expulsioa oflnlq 6UD . 
KUWldL Once Ibis is &COl..,. ....... we tbouklJeavte 
with all..,...opciale ditpMcb To aemain would W 
!he fires of diIICIIt ia 1be ArIb wodd. wbIcIt czy tbIt 
our roIo is_ of iqJerWiIt ooIonIadoa. 1'IIIl.not 
our purpoee and illlbould not be milcclalUued as our 
goal. 

On Ibe question ofrepll'llions: America must be 
sure to keep .... to • minimum. 1bere baa been Iallc 
of America retainina limited c:onIrOl of Iraqi oil 
expona .. a IIXW\S of peyIna for die war. 1bia is 
rIdiculoua. It is neither poIidcally r.ibIa, ~ 
prIICIical. 

The question of Iraqi reparations .is besr left to 
the Arab staaes. America sbouId keep any demands 
to a bare minimum.1DCl prcfu'abIy make oooe at 
all. We IDUIl rananber'" America wID bave to 
deal widllbe _ 8I8lea Ioaa after Ibe war is over. 
There is no wiIdom ia anIagOnizing the Arabs for 
the sake of domestic: opinion, DO maacr what !he 

~ 
In IeIUnl for Ibe wrongs commiued by Iraq 

apiDIt Kuwait. it is IUFOO8bIe tbIIt Iraq be made 
to pay for Ibe COlt of recoostnICtion within the 
emiI'IIe. Yet, it must be ~ that Iraq is 
not a DIllion wbic:b wiD be able to spend huge 
amouoIS or moaoy.1.raq WM beaviIy indebted 
bebe tbe.WIf.1Dd DOW"" mucb lICODIbUCdoo 
alJllowato wonyJlbout 1'IIe~ 
~ ... lIOt~t. .... .n."'OfIrlq. -
or .... ~ ... ~DO.ot ..... Ibe .... 
ofdaftllloD...tIIe. _ ....... qalct.1O 
-_ Rider. now let .TelDmlberVenaiDea. 

WIIII,dIeD IbID Apaerica" 6vIn &be ..., 
M8ny poop1e WIIIt to 'see COCIC.MC piaL 1bey 
abouId be wamed IbIt COCICin*$ pias wiD not 
rauJl dbecdy fn'm the .... 1becoet ollbe ... is 
IIrJdJ 'beiDa .... by die 0u1t ... andby Ibe 

~ofodlerDllioGlIDd" AcconI-
iDa to die Et:onoMiiiRnl ".,Ioe, MIlly $40 
biIHoa has been otr«'ed 1iDce~"""ng of 
combIIt. 1bia COIla 011 JDp of_ biIIioDs aIftlIdy 
in tho pipeIiae hill ... in 1990. 

BCCIUIe much ortbe COlt of tho opallion wID 
be pIicl for by otbenI- SOfDDIICJUIQIS say dw up 
10 7' pen:ent of_ COllI may be covered by 
fcnIan aItioDa -America DiIecl not be~ 
coocemecJ' With Ibe ftt __ 11olses it miy incur. 

America wiD Iqely beneftt.indftc.'d)'. BY 
kcepioa CODbOI of oil poducdon diYideiI. we 
erIIIft rdldve price aocI supply SIabUity. 1bia wiD 
allow the world economy (wbicb .. aIaDoIt eadreIY 
depai4eot OIl oil) to operate wItboUtdie ,.. of 
being held ...... by .1iDaI08JdividuIL 

The - ..... -1Ce ~JeIIIMly cbelpoil,ancI. 
return to price IIBbility wiD aiel die RIIXWeI)' flam 
Ibe c:um:nt world aeceuioo. Tbae beaefita wiD be 
Indirect, and likely wD1 taU IDIDe lime 10 mD-
feat, but they wiD rautt noaedaeJeu. 

America ... role to play in the c:omio. peICe 
process. This role wiD be neceady limited, but 
is si~ nonecbe1ess.. The p-..a dqer, 
bowever. ilihat America wiD IIy liD play bepmoa. 
'Ibis illIOl iDearlDraat.lIId It ....... DOC be our 
.... 

Monday, February 25,1991 

LETTERS 

Maurer Responds to 
Guardian EdItorial 
Board CrItIcIsm 
IrAIIIan 

I lID writina in respollse to your 
editorial ("1brow the Slackers Out." 
Feb. ]9). My oYeraII feeling about the 
editorial is tbM of unprofeasionaJitro. ' 
Yourpaperia nor reftecting the DeWS OIl 
campus. but radIer fonnullling news 
where Ibere is no news. 1 feel that in 
order for any paperto be truly objective. 
it can not be biued to any consequence 
or incident. 

PertJaps the editors have a penooaI 
dilemma with certain issues. but I 
strongly feel that this should be raken 
C8Ie of tbroup other actions. 

Not ooly is your statement impre-
cise, but it is lacking direc:t support. In 
tile recenrbistory of the Aasociared Stu-
dents, novel' bas there been a more har-
monious council, which has bad one 
COQPDOO goal: to improve ... IlUdent 
mood on campus. 

Additionally. I feel that the staro-
meat II -.Maurer bas been noticeablY 
Iax." and the additioaalltalemeots f'ol..' . 
lowing tbisstatemcnt ale strooaly .,1-
ased. As witb OIbernews qaedia, yo881\t 
quick to Ihow the ncgadve - without . 
any understanding of tile history and 
bEkground of the situation -- and 
ovedookthepositive \VOlt done.! would . 
like to tab this time to mention a few 
.".,....."iahmeAtI that I am very proud 
to bmI beoa • pert of and believe that 
"CRdit should,be given where c.tedit is 
due." 

An addition to the A.S. this year was 
AS. MaJteIins. Please see tile front 
JI88e of the Guardian ("A.S. Cn:area 
New Marketing Dept. for PubUcizins 
SIUdentBveoIl," Ian. 7) forexpJaoatioo. 
FurthenDote, the new format of the 
OlaoccUor's Forum bas also been an 
additional benefit to students. Again. 
please see thefront page of the Guard-
ian (Feb. ll). 

Additionally. your statement also 
mentions tbat ..... [COmmissioner of 
Programming Malt] Schourer bas been 
doing Maurer's work ... " In response to . 
this, r would say that Mr. Sebnmer is 
continuing to worlc in the same manner 
as he has been in his two years in office. 
Last year, it was my understanding that 
Mr. Scbnurer cbose.to do bis own worlc 
for his events (TG's, pub shows, etc.). 
This year, when A.S. Marketing was 
established, there were DO attempCs on 
his part to usc • request fonn 10 help 
design publicity for the events. 

My personal opinion as to wby Mr. 
Scbnurer is continuing to do his deligo 
work is thai be 'bas developed a dis-
tinctive style in c:rearing posters and 
wants IOcontinue it through his last year 
in office. 

Overall, 1 feel that the GIIIUdian's 
statement was exageraaed and fails to 
recognize the work done thus Carby the 
conunissioners - specificaDy public 
relations. I hope that your paper will 
lake whatever stepS necessary to smooth 
and remedy the situation. 

George Maarer 
A.B. CommiMloner (# 

Public Re' ....... 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

NUckB Weapons a Key for the Allies 
• Using "clean" battlefield nuclear weapons will save American lives 

Altbough some Americans are opposed 
to tbeGulfWar, evaybody claims that they 
support Ibe IrOOpS. Obviously. suppoI1in, 
the lIOOpSenlails supponingany reasonable 
metbod &bat would limit allied easuallies 
wbiJe ICbievin& die UaitedNaIioas' clearly 
esaabliahed otpcdvea. UoIonuIwely. cer-
tain ~ have prevented the 
employmaItofthe..-efticienI moans for 
• quiet end to this conftict. As a result. our 
1IUOpS wDl pay the price. 

CoavaItioaIl bombing is taking its lOll 
onlbe Inqia. bm tbcn is plenty of wort to 
do. UalIIsbombsandartillery snikeadirect 
bit, they 1ft ioetTective against hardened 
IarJd8 sudI as II'OOpI in bunkers or buried 
IIDb. It is for this n.on that we are now 
proceeding with a ground war. As casuali-
lies rise, Saddam Hussein's total disregard 
for Ibe Uvea of his troops will give him a 
c:IisIioct advantage. Unlike the American 
leadenbip, mounting casuelliee wiD have 
1iU1e politkaI emaOll this ruthlasdiaalor. 
His steely decerminaIion stands in sharp 
CODU1ISt to the Craiby of U.s. public opinion. 
Considering Ibis. we must lake every mea-
sure oecestaI)' to mate the ground ~ as 
quick and bloodless as possible. 

As one general put it, "You CID fly over 
it, you can bomb it, and youcanspitoo it-but 
it ain', yours 'till you're in city baIL" To 
Iibctnde Kuwait, we IIJI8t sraue the region. 
lbisroquiresinfantry'unitseolcrinathe area 
andeosuringdweacmy soktiers bavceitber 
IUIJ~ «fled. Bombs aod Jong-lWlge 
artiDeIy are DOt foolproof. Detpitc constant 
blanlrabombinaofltaqidcfensivepositions, 
we QmIIOI be c:ompieIeIy ~ of wbal will 

, be waldDa forOIII' 4Idv.ciDa tIOOpI during 
• pound war. By usins hettIcficId nuclear 
weapooa, our troops CIa rest aaswaI that 
Ibe:re will be no surprises. Tactic:al nuclear 
weapons wiD destroy all memy targets, 
including thoee ~ are deeply eotrenched. 
This will help pdnimize Ibe loas of Ameri-
can liwIL SdD, tbse are many mytbs about 

RECOIL/ '" , 

tbese particular weapons wbichhavecaused 
a trepidation towards their use. 1be miscon-
ceptions involve the belief thai dae weap-
ons will leave lasting fallout, resulting in 
civilian ~ths, and set a dangerous prece-
dent. 

Tbere is an erroneous myth circulating 
that all nuclear weapons result in radiation 
poisooing of the surroundina area. Today' s 
tactical nuclear weapons leave little or no 
raidual radiation - hence the term "low-
yield.." Originally, these weapons were in-
tended for use in western Europe, and as a 
rault were designed to keep fallout to a 
mirUmwn. Michael T. Klare, a foremost 
expert on the topic, concludes that these 
"clean" weapons ·' ... reduce the potentia] for 
coUateral daJna&e to neaJby S1IUCtureS and 
civilian populatioos." The concept behind 
them is simple. 1be weapon is exploded 
high in the air, and theIdJy avoids infusing 
the dirt with radiation. Durin, the explo-
sion, neuIrODS are emiard and penneate the 
area. WdbiPboursafterlllexplosion,lrOOpS 
can came in ahd secure the regiOlLIn corn-
pariIoo 10 the bomb dropped OIl Hiroshima 
- equivaleot to 12.000 lOllS of TNT -
lbeledevioes arereJatively weak -equiva-
lent to lea than 1,000 tons of TNT. 

Tbe UIO of baaIcfieId nuclear weapons 
wouldbeinoneplace-!hebatt/~eld. The 
areas I8I'gdCd would be ren'IOYed from ci-
vilian popuIatioo centers, thus posing no 
risk'to the bmoc:enr citimns of Kuwait and 

COMMENTARY 

Iraq. Some suggestions have been to strike 
the Republican Guard in southern Iraq or 
clear paths through enemy defenses. 

Anotherunfounded fearsurrounding low-
yield nuclear weapons is the setting of some 
sort of "nuclear precedent." Most people 
would agree that Saddam Hussein, who 
used poison gas 00 his own people, would 
have DO qualms about launching nuclear 
strikes if he had the means available. Scud 

. missiles launched at Israel and Saudi Arabia 
shouldanestto thefact that Saddam does not 
consider morality or precedent when mak-
ing such decisions. And contrary to what 
some people believe, the international 
cooununity doesn't look toward America 
for moral guidance. 

Before our strikes, the military should 
drop leaflets over Iraqi positions. This would 
wam them of the impending danger and 
promise humane treatmem if they surrender. 
Saddam Hussein should also be warned 
against the fonhcorning nuc.lear strike, and 
with !he U.N. objectives stated, be given a 
brieftimc uJtimatum. Throughout all this, we 
should continue conventional air strikes. 

In the past, the strategy of nuclear deter-
rence has served to protect America. This 
time, it may benefit the Iraqis. I am fairly 
confident that those Jrdqi troops who are 
free to surrender will do so. In much the 
same way, the possibility of confronting 
nuclear weapons might force Saddam to 
awaken from his megalomaniacal slumber 
or else face a coup - or worse, 

Bloody World War I trench-style fight-
ing is far more gruesome than a clean, 
battlefield nuclear strike. In the end. we will 
not kill any more Iraqi soldiers than already 
anticipated. We can save a considerable 
amount of American lives. We must not 
allow some people's unfounded fears to 
forceusinlOullllecessarilysacrificingtroops. 

In the past, America's nuclear phobia has 
greatly hurt our energy policy. Ut's not 
allow it to do the same to our troops. 

Plethora of Pape~s is pernicious 
By Greg KnIuU 
ConIrIbutJng OpInion Wtit8r 

Walking around campus, it's almost im-
possible to avoid them. They lie in large. 
neglectal stacks outside ofPererson Hall or 
in riltins, forgotten piles in the Student 
Center. Almost everybody sees them, but 
very few people actually pay them any at-
tention. 

They'relbe UCSD student newspapers .. 
1be state of special-interest journalism 

IU this school is appalling, even embarrass-
ing. Narrowly focuscd ideology is supported 
by an unquestioning budget process, while 
!he interests of the average student are al-
most completely ignored. 

E1evenstudent-producednewspapersare 
published on this campus, consuming about 
$SO,OOO of the Associated Student budget 
annually. This cost could be easily justified 
if Iho money was distributed equitably be-
tween the periodicals, the amount given to 
each dependtnt on its circulation and the 
intaest it geoertUes among students. But 
this is not the case. Inertia, not relevance, 
guides the funding process - seniority. not 
readersbip, dictates budgets and print runs. 

The wont, though far from the only, 
example of this is the New Indicator. Ac-
cordin, to the ModiaBoard's budget report. 
theNI. as the oldest A.S.-funded newspaper 
at UCSD, receives over $15.soo of the 
students' money every year,despitelbe fact 
tbIIt large piles of the radicaI.Iy leftist journal 
Jiearoundcampus, unreadbyadisintermed 

ShJdcnt body. 
The questions abound: Does the NI cJe... 

serve the 30 percent of the media budget it 
gets? Does it produce nearly a thiJd of the 
AS.-fundedjoumalism on campus? Nearly 
a thiJd of the interest? Why does its budget 
keep going up if few people read it? Why 
does it maintain the same print run if the 
issues continue to lie around for weeks after 
they are distributed? 

This is not a question ofleft versus right, 
nor is it one of censorship. This is a question 
of practicality and fairness. The New JfIIii-
calor has every right to print a newspaper, 
just as it has every right to a portion of the 
media budget. For it to receive such a huge 
sum, unquestioned, despite the fact that the 
vast majority of stu dents don 'tread it is both 
silly and stupid. 

But the New Indicator is only one ex-
ample. Conservatives, the Spanish-speak-
ing, Jewish people, women. Asians, and 
blacks alto have newspapers directed to 
what the respective editors deem are !heir 
respective interests. The average student is 
left with only three general-interest peri-
odicals: rho Koala, Abbt/abbs, and the Er-
ratically. (The GlIIII'dion is funded solely 
through advertising .xl does not receive 
AS. money.) 

How can this situation be remedied? The 
Media Board and the A.S. could undertake 
a random sampling of UCSD students and 
determine !he ideal circulation of each 
ncwspaperthrough polling. By simply ask-

ing lOperccnt of the people who attend this 
school, "What campus newspapers do you 
read regularly - or even read at aU?" the 
massive waste that typifies the current sys-
tem could be cut almost completely. 

Or,alternately,A.S. representatives could 
monitor the size of each newspaper's distri-
bution piles, and determine if their budget 
for the ncxt quarter should goupordown. If 
a paper has 50 percent of its copies left in 
stacks around campus a week after it came 
out, it simply does not deserve the money 
it's getting. If every copy is gone within a 
day, it deserves more. 

Of course, each of these suggestions has 
flaws - the fITS! discriminates against the 
smaller, less visible newspapers, and the 
second has no protections against cheating. 
But whatever the solution, the problem re-
mains painfully clear. While the A.S. funds 
a newspaper for almost every minority group 
on campus, little attention is paid to the 
average person attending UCSD. And thus 
the average person attending UCSD pays 
little attention to the newspapers. 

The First Amendment right of each of 
these papers to print whatever it wantS is nor, 
and should not, be the issue. But for the A.S. 
to dedicate such a huge portion of student 
funds 10 activities that serve such a small 
portion of students is not in the best interests 
of the university or those who attend it. 1be 
media of UCSD is over-funded and under-
criticized, and for it to continue unchanged 
is nothing less than a scandal. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 25, 1991 

Traynham Responds to Critics of B&W Cartoons of Color 
By Jonathan Traynham 

In regards to my caricature of 
Zaclwy Berman (,'Black and White 
Cartoons of Color," Feb. 19) 1 have 

COMMENTARY 

received a nwnberofdistwbing letters 
as you may well be aware. 

I've been reminded ..... the fillit 
whites to board the non-segregated 
buses during the Civil Rights move-
menl were Jews." 

One writer even believed Tom 
Metzger sponsored my pro-Japanese 

cartoon which ran Jan. 28. 
I realize that there might be some 

tension between African..Amcricans 
and our Jewish broIhm; and sisrers 
because of embarrassing staIementS 
made by Jesse Jackson and Professor 
Griff of the rap group Public Enemy. 
However,l don't subsribe to such a 
mentality and my cartoons do not 
depict it 

The caricature was upposed to be 
a lightly humorous depiction of 
Zachary Bennan. as well as a rebuttal 
to statements he made in "Discrimina-
tion Wor1cs Both Ways" a proposed 

THE 

commentary for the Feb. 19 issue 
which was not printed.. The public 
never saw what half of my cartoon 
was ridiculing. 

In hisdiscriminalion commc:nuuy 
he talked about minority scholarships 
- making reference only to African-
Americans. as if they were the only 
oneswhorcceivedthesescholarships. 
It was a direct auack on us. This is the 
article from which the comment 
"successful race" was quoted. 1llese 
comments reeicofwhitesupremacy, 
if you ask me. 

I drewthe StarofDavid around his 

.TIO 
DID. 

' Iouchdown. NeXT's newest and most affordahle machine is here. • 
Stop in for a hands-on demonstration of the revolutionary NeXfstatioll'· 
computer. And go where no computer has gone before. 

__ .:. IIW...... ___ • ss;ss 
....... :.:: .. E!!::te: .... ~JE:~ .. 

. -. . -. --. . . . -. . . . . . . ---. . . . ----. . . -. . -. . . 

LJC~D 
I :I II II - •• I C II H 

..... DA.Y • 
• O;a ..... - 4 p ..... 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

neck because many proud Jewish 
people wearthem. Thecartoon Wlti in 
no way nanlto generalize the Jewish 
faith Iti slwing Zachary's political 
vieWs. 

could be construed as derogatory. 
Evidently I was wrong. 

In final analysis, I have nothing but 
respect for the Jewish religion. For 
one, they don't nag at people to get 
them to go to meetings. I wlti worried thal acaricalure of a 

person so vocal in the Jewish student 
body mig'- generate this kind of a 
response, so I ran it by my two Jewish 
roommaIeSas well as Zachary Berman 
himself. 

I also am well aware of the sensi-
tivity the Jewish community in 
America has shown Afiican-Ameri-
cam, and I amsensitivetomany Jewish 
issues. I'm a history major. so SlOp 
sending me shit in the mail quoting 
Black Ieadcrs and don't IIy and teach 
me about Jews and the Civil Rights 
movement, because I know. 

I know that these three people can 
in no way represent the whole Jewish 
faith, bur their response was ~tive 
and I couldn't find anything which 

Includes: Shampoo and Quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21·$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To Insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr . • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SaVOn) 

SUMMER SESSIONS '91 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

$~~ 
TIME FOR A atANGE? 

Summer Sessions at UC Santa 
Barbara oHers an enriching aca-
demic and cultural experience in a 
setting of unique beauty. The mild 
climate and seashore location 
make UCSB ideal for summer 
study; an ideal setting to make 
new friends and take challenging 
and intriguing courses in a wide 
variety of disciplines and special 
programs. The classes are smaller 
and the campus is less crowded. 
Continuing students, high school 
graduates and students from other 
colleges and universities are eli-
gible to enroR. 

There are no out-of-state tuition fee •• 
Wale for your free Bulletin & Application; 
Summer Sessions, Dept. UD , University of California, 
Santa Barbara, CA 93106 Phone: (805) 893-2047 

Nama 

City State 

Monday, February 1S, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

Readers Call Traynham's Cartoons 'Anti-Semitic' 
Editor: 

When Jonathan Traynham' s 
"Black & WhiteCartoonsof~lor" 
first appeared in the G Utlrdiiln, I was 
quite pleased that you had fmally 
found an effective opposing voice 
to your painfully .ultra-conserva-
tive columnist, Zachary Berman. 
AI last, here we had someone who 
hadfir t-handknowledgeofwhat it 
is 10 be an African-American and 
could share his insights on black-
white relations with a mostly igno-
rant campus. However, Mr. 
Traynham's satire has become so 
full of that very ignorance that he 
has proven himself to be no better 
than Mr. Berman. 

Though Zachary Bennan's po-
lemics border on racist, you, Mr. 
Traynham, have plunged to the 
deplhs of characterizing people 
solely on how they look. In your 
cartoon ("Zachary Berman's Wet 
Dream," Feb. 19), whether inten-
tionally or not, you have portrayed 
Bennan as "every racist": a blond, 
long-ha i red, "booty-chinned" 
surfer. 

More than that, though, you 
opted for the more powerful visual 
effect of having him wear a Star of 
David. How dare you associate my 
religious beliefs with racism! It 's 
bad enough that you indict Bennan 
on the basis of his appearance, but 
to go so far as to associate his guilt 
with my religion is chilling. If I 
might ask a hypothetical question: 
ifBennan were a professed Catho-

(Myopes only) 
_ : CoIrcIIoIt"' ............. • GIuonoa l1li' Ln 

-..;.g&It9.Palrd ___ tor_ 
(~.~ .... __ kl ' FIJII" 

_lnint!g · T __ 
poogIIIII'OIWmojDr_ 

h_·OItrgoodtor 

Ill~i!· 
FEBRUARY SPI:CUI~L 
only '80 Rev· SI25.00 
........ ''-'>1020'1._'" 
.... ........... ,.... 
..... 'IN-. 
....... 
............ 

lic, would you still have drawn a 
Crucifix around his neck? So, then, 
why a Mogen David? 

I guess it doesn't manerwhether 
your heroes appear on convention 
ccntelli if you can't remember the 
most important thing yourhero(and 
mine) ever said, "Judge men not by 
the color of their skin, but by the 
content of their character." You have 
chosen to ignore that credo. having 
found Mr. Berman, all blond, long-
haired booty-chiMed surfelli, my 
people, and most of all myself, guilty 
of being white or Jewish as charged. 
I wish I could excuse us all. Instead, 
Mr, Traynham, let the ignorance 
continue ... 

Daniel Shanfield 

Editor: 
On Feb. 19, we were stunned 

when we opened the GUtlrdian and 
found Zachary Berman 's Jewish 
heritage attacked in a canoon by 
Jonathan Traynham. Weundellitand 
that the point of this cartoon was to 
show how ridiculous some people 
view Mr. Bennan. However, we 
believe this cartoon does not dis-
tinguish between Berman 's right-
wing political views and his reli-
gion. 

We were particularly honified 
by the statementthat read, "Seehim, 
fear him, he belongs to the 'suc-
cessful ' race ... but he's not a white 
supremacist because he's Jewish." 
This statement can easily be mis-
construed to mean that Jews are 

successful by birthright. In reality, 
the Jewish people have had to over-
come more obstacles than any other 
minority. 

We were also dismayed by the 
use of the Mogen David (Jewish 
star) as a charm around Berman ' 
neck. 

No uch association hould be 
made. Many Jews are liberal, and in 
upportof improving theopportuni-

ties available 10 minorilies. Perhaps 
more care should be taken not to 
confuse Judaism with the polilical 
right. 

The canoon also seems 10 indi-
cate that Jews feel people should 
beckon to their every need. This is 
displayed by the Black person bow-
ing down to Berman, who happened 
to have a Jewish symbol predomi-
nanlly displayed around his neck. 
The idea of a person bowing down to 
other people is extremely repulsive 
to the Jews. Perhaps the canoon 
would have been more effective if 
the Jewish symbolism had been left 
out. 

However, as Jews, we felt per-
sonally attacked when Zachary 
Bennan's Judaism was as ailed. In 
the future, we hope that people are 
criticized as individuals, and not as a 
member of a minority. 

Editor: 

Jane Kubrin 
Andrew Fink 

I was really shocked by the cari-
cature of Zachary Bennan entitled 
"Zachary Bem1an's Wet Dream," 

in the GUtlrdian (Feb. 19). It is un-
derstandable that Zachary Bennan 
might be the object of ridicule and 
pun. However, J thought it was in 
bad laste to. ridicule Bennan's Jew-
ish identity. 

I don't undellitand why the artist 
decided to emphasize the Jewish 
lereotype of abnormally sized fa-

cial features, not to mention the Star 
of David pendant around the 
charncter'sneck. What purpo e was 
he trying to serve? 

May I remind the artist that the 
firsl whites 10 board the nonsegre-
galed buses to Montgomery, Ala-
bama alongside blacks during the 
Civil Rights movement were Jew . 
The first non-black (or non-Afro-
American) champions of Civil 
Rights were Jews. Afro-American 
andJewshaveboth ufferedrnci m. 
Why does this have 10 happen? I am 
disgusted with this blatant anti-
semitic image and I am ashamed 
that my school's newspaper propa-
gates uch material. 

I hope that the artist's intentions 
were not anti-semitic. 

Marc G. Bodman 

Editor: 
I found three separate instance 

ofwhatseernedtobeAnti-Semiti m 
in the GUtlrdian, (Feb. 19). 

In the cartoon about Zachary 
Berman, he was ridiculed. He was 
put down not as a columnist or a 
right-wing Republican - which he 
is-but asaJew. Though he freely 

admits to being Jewish, Ihis should 
not be taken as a reason for his 
polilical views. 

Secondly, in both the lettelli de-
fending Germany, Mr. Bennan' 
argument were compared to "Nazi 
stereotypes" and "Third Reich Anti-
Semitic propaganda." I would find 
Ihis hocking no maner who wrote 
ii, but the facI that it was written by 
Germans i even more frightening. 
Mr. Berman's arguments were not 
at all comparable to wwn Gennan 
propaganda. NOl only Ihat, but the 
writers don' l even have all their 
facts straight. Though Gennany was 
not the largest rums seller to Ihe 
Iraqis, il was Ihe base of operations 
for European anns sales for almost 
10 years. 

I honestly hope thaI Ihese anti-
Jewi h stalements were not meant 
the way I interpreted them. [f so, I'd 
love 10 hear an explanation. 

Judith Scepesi 

n, UCSD G".,.,Ii." wc:lcomu lerltfS .and 
(OrTU1'Wluriu (rom .11 mcmbc,.. of the unh't:rsity 
communif)'. Drop your letter at the: GtM~i.,. OfrKU 
(on the xmnd 0001' o( tM: Srudcnr Ctntcr. :llooyt: the 
Gc.nual Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Gu";." 

9500 Gilman Or. 0316 
L./oU .. C. 91093 ·0316 

Lrrtt:n mWI be:: typed. double. "puc-d, and should 
induc:k a .iJNtuft and phOIlC number. Un.Js.ncd 
letten will nOt be prlntc.d. We ruc.rvc the ripn to edit 
(or len&th and cbrity. We. cannot lUM1Juxe. tNt your 
Ittkt' Of e.ommc.ntary wIll be printed. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 

U!W;1f' I TOYOT" I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mitsublshl Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up SpeCial $35 *(re9. $55) 
I . Spark plugs Our lune up includes a 101 more /han Olflllrs. It If1cJudes: 

ALL 
POLO 

FRAMES 
ON SALE 

2. DlStriOOOf points 6 Clean & replenish alliUld & od levels 10. Check undercamage lor damages 
3 Condensers 7 Check brakes 11. Ched< cooling syslem & hoses 
4. Ad/usl IImu19 8. Check dulch 12. Road leSI 
5 Adjust dwell angle 9. Check lights 

,c..~p'Oint ~~j~ .. e!:1s~~eCial l'!~~* 
$10500 

r----------, 1200/0 OFF I 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT LENSES I OR BACKUP GLASSES WHEN PUR· I CHASED WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS. I 

(OIIereJCPIres3l11i91) .J L _________ _ 

ASK ABOUT OUR NO-WAIT 
REPLACEMENTS STARTING 
AS LOW AS $19 PER LENS 

WE NOW HAVE DISPOSABLE 
CONTACT LENSES 

VISloncare 
8780 lI.ramar Rd. 

1'/2 miles east 0/ 805 behind Carl's Jr. 

578·6796 
bIIy-*'D 
......., .. 

2. Valve ad!uslmen: II . Adjusl timing 
Replace' 12. Adjusl dwell angle 

3. V.lve cover gaskel 13. Ad/usl carburelor 
4. Spark plugs 14. Ad/usl sleering bo~ 
5. DlstnbutOf POints 15. Ad/us all & tuel rallO miX 
6. Condensers. 16. Adjus1 dulch 
7. A1f ""er. 17. Ad,Us1 brakes 
B. 011 IIlter. lB. AdJuSl emergency brakes 
9. Gas hlter. and 19. Check 8 adJusl exposed 
10. Engine od belts 

20. lube (ronl end 

21. CheCk & replenish all 
Iluld and odlevels 

22. CheCk eletrlCat system 
23. CheCk lor loose or lost 

boilS 
24. CheCk brakes 
25. CheCk dUICh 
26. Check Irghts 
27. Check undercamage lor 

damages 

28. Ched< and recharge 
banery. It necessary 

29. Rotate tires (i( needed) 
30. CheCk tire pressure 
31. Lube door hinges 
32. Check atl holders 
33. Check ccooling system & 

hoses 
34. Ched< exhaust syslem 
35. Road lesl 

Nolo: F0I6-qhndOf "'" add S2f) Toyol. SupI". add $30 o.tsun 200SX W11h 8 spark plugs. Odd $35 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
We replace: 

1. TransmiSSion IOput shalt seal (excep! 4. ThrowoU1 bearing 
Hondas 5. Pliol bearings 

2. Pressure plale 6. New Ifansmission all • 
NOle: Hydraulic pans are not covered. 
NOI lor 4WO. Front wheel drive extra. 

3. Clulch disc 7. Road leSI 

Brake Job Special $39 *(;eg. $80) 
Front or rear. Brake iob Includes: 

1. !nstaU special new pads or Install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed entire brake system 
2. Drain Old brake IIUld . 6. Adjust Iront (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspect complete hydraulIC syslem 7. Replace Ironl rOlor seals (il rOIOf lurn) 
4. Reldl hydrauliC lluld 8. Road leSI 
NoIe. HjQlauhc: pans are not 00'-'*1 

8nH1d new part •. Ask about our .pecl., rat •• for .rlCln. oV ...... UIL 
All our work h ••• 2-y •• r or 20,0G0-mi1.'lllllteci wananty. 

All prices Include parts and I.bor, 

o¥ers~a~ (·mostcars) ~ 8008 Miramar Rd. ,1.1990 AuMnottve RIp ... 
•• ' ••• 6 • 

Ollar good thru 312191 with this ad. 
\..all for appomlment. 

Towing and rental car availabie. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 25,1991 

I am as liberal as the oat guy and bdicve that aIawIy 
and oppacaaiuo of black people iI immonl, but that _ • 

long time "I'D. Today there is DO diffen:oa betwun bIacb 
and wbita, 10 aftinnabve acboo iI juat aralgbt up WI'OII8-

Can Blacks survive the 
kiln. woundl lnfllcled upon 
!him by • R«I. Whitt. WId 
BoW Amerial7 Ler. help 

healll1e wound. 

BlACK & WHITE CARTOONS 
OF COLOR 

Arlstophanes' 

FROGS 
LONDON SMALL THEATRE COMPANY 

Price Center Thuter, UCSD 
Much .-3 At 8:00 p.m. 

Price Center Box Office or llcJcet Master: 
UCSD Community: $3.00 • General Public $6,00 

"The single best production of a Greek drama we've 
seen anywhere. - New Yorller 

illis was the best piece of theater the San Diego area has 
seen for a long time. - Jonathan Saville, Sctn Diego Rader 

Sponsored by Dean of Arts and Humanities, The Stewart Fund, Coundl of Provosts, 
Department of Literature, and Union of Oassldsts AS/UCSD 

(~~Ins a..t~·s production 0( CLOUDS) 

COFFEE Ii Oll~ 
~ 
~~ORD ~~~ ~ 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(FTPC! consultalion "Pld (u lt(altreatment J 5 m(PI . S20 mIlle. NrsHime cllellts o llly.)' 

Eyebrows 
Upper Up 
CIwI 
Urderarms 

Bleasl 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Remova l 

• American M.:dic31 Associalion 
3pprovcd tnt!lilod ' for problem 
cases and sensilive skin 

• Medical and cosmelic eledlOlysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, slate lie. lechnicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LIIJoII4 VU/Qge Professtot141 Celt," Deb/lid Elepl){1111 Bar 
8950 VII/a La j olla Dr IC!. 2121 

Let me p you the .11 011 bow _ aft 
di8'aalt. Mmc bIaI:k t.bia die UDder America's 

fucbd-up braIdl care probIcmI, than wbiIIe 
babies. On aYCrIF wbiu maIca ~ a bipcr 

aIary fill' doina cbc same work • blacb cw 
fcmaIa. Our Ii& npemnq is Iaa than )'DUlSo 
'The number ODe aux of death among black 

mala ~ cbcapa of 
18 and 15 ia murcIcr. 

Mmc bIacb haw been 
in ptiaoo at ODe point in 

cbcir IiYa than in 
coIIqje. 

Not you in particular, but it'. the 
aftamatb of davcry and OppraaiOD. Malcolm 
X once said "If you stick a knife nine inches 
into my back and take it out six, that's not 

propaa, if you take it out, that's not 
prosrca. Now, if you help heal the wound, 
that's progress." Affirmati¥c 
aaioniltryingto 

heal that wound. If 
you really want to 

get down to it, after 
400 yean of davay 

and oppc:aion, a 
mcuIy 20 yean of 

a8lrmatiw action is 
Ib'aipt up wrong. 

Warren Writing 
lOA a lOB 

• Many seats are available in almost all sections. 

Sign up atMAAC 410 NOW! 

Questions: 534-3068 

Note: Warren Students are to make a good faith effort to complete 
lOA and lOB in their first three quarters at UCSD. 

ENVIROIMEDAL ISSUES 
SOCIAl SCIENCES 
CONTEMPORARY ISSUES 30. SPRINS ,., 

COURSE DESCRIPTION: 

This new course explores a variety of issues 
emerging in increasingly active, urgent, and multi-
disciplinary debates on the environment-what we think 
the "environment" is, what "values" we associate with 
it, how we view it as a "resource," how we imagine the 
problems and prospects involved in "utilizing" or 
"exploiting" those resources, how we debate and set 
"policies" to guide how we act environmentally, and so 
on, The perspective taken in this course is drawn from 
the social sciences-especially from anthropology, 
economics, and political science. The course will be 
taught by an anthropologist, an economist, and a 
political scientist and will include guest speakers on 
particular topics. 
Fitz John P. Poole, Sanford lAIcoff, Richard Canon 
CLASS SCHEDULE: Tuesday, Thursday 11:30 - 12:50 PM 
Peterson Hall 104 

INFORMATION: Students are encouraged 
to stop by Contemporary Issues Office, 
2024 H&SS, or call 534-3589. 

FEATURES 
9 FEATURES 

Happy 
Trails 
• With all the nearby mountain 
ranges, UCSD students really 
should ''take a hike" 
Story By Kent Korzon, Senior Staff Writer 
Photographs By Rlmas Uzglrls, Photo Editor 

Our surprise was mutual. The deer 
stopped foraging when we entered the 
=.:-41,... :~1t- small, rock-walled clearing, and anxiously 

looked for a way out. We bloc.ked the only 
exit. Lacking any other escape route, the 
deer bounded through the middle of our 

group and disappeared into the brush below. 
While it's not the Sierra Nevadas. San Diego 's Peninsular 

Range, with over a thousand square miles of national forest, L 7 
reservations for Native Americans, and numerous state and 
county parks, offers an incredible variety of scenic hiking and 
biking trails. 

One of the most striking features of San Diego's backcountry 
is in the Cleveland National Forest 
- the south flank. of EI Cajon 
Mountain. 

Work started at a quarry therein 
1935, when stone was needed for 
what would become EI Capitan 
Dam. Today, the old buildings are 
little more than crumbling concrete 
and rusting iron set in deep Cjlts in 
the surrounding rock, and San 
Diego's longest lake stretches back 
into the mountains. 

There's more in common with 
Yosemite's famous EI Capitan than 
the name. Like a wave about to 
break, sheets of granite loom hun-
dreds of feet over cow pastures and 
fanns on the valley floor below. 

"It didn't look like you could 
climb it, here from the road," said 
Muir senior Keith Melman, when 
he returned from the top. 

Easily seen from Mile High 
Field, the cliffs are 35 minutes by 
freeway from UCSD. While driv-
ing to the area is easy, gaining 
access to the slopes is difficult be-
cause pri vate land hugs the foot of 
the cliffs. Wait until the signs 
change from "No Trespassing" to 
"No Camping, No Fires," before 
pulling over to park. 

Climbing the first ridge due west 
of the quany is one possible route 
up the mountai-n. This route takes 
you up your choice of steep paths, 
It is dirt at first, giving way to 
increasingly more rock as you 
climb. 

Most of the various paths on the 
ridge meet at "Skyview," a boul-
der pile on the ridge. 'The name 
comes from the view one gets while ;-
approaching from the trails below 
- a patch of sky framed by a rock 
arch. Underneath is room for several people to rest in cool 
shade. There isn't much shade on this climb, but there is usually 
a stiff breeze. At higher elevations, all routes up require good 

See HIKING, Page 10 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 25, 1991 

~~,~~ 
SCOITSCABIN l",,-" ,, 

I 
I 

___..-- pm\HEADQUARlERS 
, 

I 
I 
" , 

"' - ', \ .. .... 
, 

" -



10 FEATURES 

~::K $19.99 Diet_ 
Center plUI $6.00 state cart. 

TUNE UP 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

'rlx u~gbI,lon pro!nooNJiJ: 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Free Consultation. IIIciWII: 

......... 
........ t It 

....... tn .. 
~.,...w.oo_ 

459-5979 
7467CUVIER 

(off Pearl) 
Daily Diet Tips call 
1-(900}990-11IIN 

CaDAutoc.. 
eeeo ....... Rd., IUItiI C 

( ...... Qal~) 
... DIIIo, CA 12121 
(81.' .... 2438 95C prr mini S 1.50 filii min. 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

TEVA 
DECKERS 

HURACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWNI 
lfI 5fi"DflLa 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

d SPEED READING 

SPEED READING/ 
SPEED LEARNING 

Small Group or Individual Sessions 
(By appointment) 
534·7344 

Pre ented by UCSD' Reading Specialist 
Study Management Center 

USB 4010 

Hadan !t 
allergic reaction 

to tiee stings? 
Looking for men and women over 18 to 
participate in a clinical research project 

"Honorariumft 

Call 272-7550 
ask for clinical research department 

, II " 11-1 , ~" ;I~ thlJd c'Qne~./U V~ 
~,~e,,~aDttj~~ 

wants your: I 
"'poe.. I' c.' I 

I. _"'_~I !'. __ -.._'i.IL./ ~ ~ .j . l/,_. 1.....- (I 
I. anon1'a~ 7. ,''J1A j"Vr, 1"'" v 
/, mu~t be submitted to 1-1 ' ! \ 
(,.' hetHlhl clltege ~nVJ'J d tu. "'-

dean's office by 
,L ~ ~~ YJpe of "' 

, the, sptlflg-qua Iv • .t"f.V 
(;pl{e,ge I t / 
i:~~I,;;;~~"tEr&r1 y 'it ') 1 /,ZJ. 

J ' 

The UCSD Guardian 

HIKING 
Continued from page 9 
climbing ability. 

There is no one way to the top, 
and from some places there is no 
way to the top at all. A past climber 
has painted green dots on the rock: 
to guide people in spots where 
there is no obviously "right" way 
to proceed. Following avoid will 
save you from having to back-
track: . 

Many "out of the way" places 
are in the backcounuy, and the 
scenery begins in San Diego's 
westem foothills, just 30 minutes 
from campus. They are covered 
with dense chaparral that elimi-
nates shons as an apparel option. 
Wear jeans. 

In some areas, such as Mission 
Trails Regional Park, you can just 
pull off to the side ofthc road, park, 
and explore. Other areas require a 
park or reservation official's per-
mission, or fees. 

In these foothills lies Mount 
Woodson, northeast of Poway. 
Called the "Mountain of Moonlit 
Rocks" by Native Americans, its 
slopes are studded with an amaz-
ing array of smooth "granodiorite" 
boulders, brought to the surface by 
ero ion. 

Some of these boulders are 
huge, and the largest tend to cleave 
along flat plane , fonning one of 
San Diego's best bouldering areas. 
Trails up the mountain begin at 
Poway Lake, off Espola Road. 

Other foothills, such as Otay 
Mountain in the southern county 
and Black Mountain nonh of 
Rancho Penasquitos, are better 
suited to mountain biking than to 
hiking. 

Behind the foothills are several 
mountain ranges comprising the 
Peninsular Range. In San Diego, 
this range is made up of several 
smaller ranges, many approaching 
6,500 feet. 

Above 5,000 feet, the chaparral 
of the mountain ranges gives way 
to oak, pine, and fir. But the east-
ern slopes of the ranges rapidly 
desertify as they descend to the 
desert floor. 

The northernmost range is the 
Palomar Mountains, a two hour 
drive from UCSD. Its major ridges 
are Palomar Mountain itself(home 
of the Palomar Observatory), 
Aguana Mountain to the east, and 
Agua Tibia Mountain to the west 

While the area has numerous 
trails, among the best are the for-
ests and meadows along Doane 
Creek. 

Located in the central and 

kilk"· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific IeKh 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange · 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

, . 

southern county, the Lagunas and 
Cuyamacas are quite popular 
mountain ranges, panly because 
oftheirclose proximity - only an 
hour away from UCSD. 

There are more than tOO miles 
of hiking and equestrian trails in 
the Cuyamacas. They lead to the 
top of Cuyamaca and Stonewall 
peaks, and around the Cuyamaca 
Reservoir. 

Througb the middle of the 
Cuyamacas runs the California 
Riding and Hiking Trail, which 
begins at Otay Mountain and ter-
minates 142 miles to the north, in 
the San Jacinto Mountains. 

The Lagunas are east of the 
Cuyamacas, on the edge of the 
Anza-Borrego Desert. Winter 
usually brings some snow to the all 
the Peninsular Range mountains, 
and hordes of San Diegans as well 
(especially to Mt. Laguna), who 
crowd the bills, sliding down the 
s now-covered slopes on impro-
vised sleds. Heavy trash bags work 
ratherweU. 

Wooded and scenic, there are 
many trails in the Lagunas, in-

Monday, February 25,1991 

eluding a part of the Pacific Crest 
Trail. The road through the Lagu-
nas (S-I) is aptly named the Sun-
rise Highway, for at Desert View 
Vista Point, near the road's high 
point, it provides one with a look at 
the Salton Sea across a hundred 
miles of spectacular desert land-
scape - the 620,000 acre Anza-
Borrego Desert State Park. 

The desert is a beautiful place 
to visit between October and May. 
In the summer, it's ranked as the 
hottest place in the country after 
Death Valley. 

It is here that one can enjoy true 
solitude, but if you enjoy com-
pany,one popular spot in the desert 
is Borrego Palm Canyon. 

There, hundreds of palms trace 
a long, steep gorge into the moun-
tains. Water is in pools year-round, 
and flowing waterfalls in the win-
ter months - a seeming anomaly 
in the desert environment. 

These scenic areas are easy to 
get to, and much of the backcounuy 
is still in a pristine state. Since 
spring is approaching, now is the 
perfect time for a visit. 

Thursdays 
.. 

UCSD N1TE 
at Gia's 

Party on our patio 

$250 Pitchen 
$ 500 12" Pizzas 

w lone toppIDg 
....... UClDI) 

792-7521 145 So. 8117 101 80 .... Be_II 

Mond~y, February 25, 1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURE 11 

Broadcasting Society Works to Establish Professional Relations 
By John Steckert 
Staff Writer 

"It's not what you know but 
who you know." 

That old adage has become one 
of ociety's most fundamental 
trui sms. Year after year, college 
graduates find a harsh job market 
that seems virtually impenetrable. 
It often becomes necessary for 
prospective professionals to foster 
a relationship with those who are 
already established in their careers. 
On the UCSD campus, the Na-
tional Broadcasting Society can 
help students interested in the 
broadcasting field do just that. 

Established in October of last 
year, the UCSD chapter of the 
National Broadcasting Society, or 
AERho (Alpha Epsilon Rho). i 
the I 10th chapter to be installed 
since the creation of AERho in 
1958. 

Designed to act as a catalyst to 
the knowledge acquired through 
class work of students in the Visual 
Arts and Communication majors, 
AERho focuses on fashioning a 
perspective of the broadcasting 
field on a personal level. 

speaker. " 
Along with these peakers, the 

110 AERho chapters have al 0 
generated a well e tabli hed group 
of alumni that they can tap into 
within the broadca ting phere. 
Among the notable alumni are Paul 
Roth, a producer at IOU TV in Los 
Angeles; Michael Flemming, the 
executive vice president of the 
Playboy Channel; and Gordon 
Jump, the actor who played the 
loveable Arthur Carleson on the 
short-lived serie " WKRP in Cin-
cinnati. " 

"Not everyone's heard of 
AERho before," Fedors said, "but 
we are [present on] 110 different 
college campuses so you never 
know when you might meet ome-
one who does [know of us]. If you 
do, it will give you something to 
start off with , a conversation 
opener." 

Though its primary focus is to 
establi h relations with members 
of the professional world. AERho 
is also a peer review group for 
individual members to di scu s 
project and exchange ideas. 

The e projects, once completed, 
are submitted to competitions like 
the ational Student Production 
Awards, and are showcased in the 
local and national convention in 

" I see AERho as a 
means by wh ich stu-

dents can gain a 
deeper understanding 
of the [film] industry 
so they can say 'I 

definitely want to pur-
sue this career. 

" PAUL FEDORS 
AERho President 

which AERhochapters participate. 
One uch project that several 

members of the local AERho group 
have started work on is a docu-
mentary film about the event now 
transpiring within the Pe rsian Gulf. 

"We are not really a production r-------------------------, 
group," said Paul Fedors, presi-
dent of the UCSD AERho chapter. 
"We don't use a film we made to 
get into the indu try.Ourfocu i a 
more personal basis. We go out 
and meet the people who we are 
going to work for, find out what 
they are like, whatthey are looking 
for. " 

AERho channels most of its 
energies into securing working 
professionals as guest speakers 
who can provide members with 
tips on job searching and a current 
perspective on the market. Since 
AERho focuses on the entire 
spectrum of the broadca ting in-
dustry, ranging from the smalle t 
radio networks to the largest film 
and television production compa- 1-_--
nies, the list of possible peakers is lUlSDAY =NT 
long and varied. UV::£EtNYwARD 

According to Fedors, "We try S· \ \ :3_0 ~_-

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• 0y5Ier Bar 
• 21/w student 10 'A' .,.. 

SUNDAY NIGHTS 
LM INrIIfAlNMIN1' 

PlAYERS GUILD 
7-10 

to target anyone in related indus-
tries [such as] news directors, heads 
of engineering . . . as well as people 
in front of the camera or behind the 
mike who are . .. known by name, 
face, or voice. At the moment we 
are trying to see if we can get 
Robin Roth from 9 1 X to be a guest 

Sun.-Thurs.11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

HAIR DESIGNS 

11 is not seen through po lit ical or 
military tenns, but take an alto-
gether new approach, focusing on 
a group of people who have perhaps 
been forgonen during thi time of 
crisi , but who feel the effect of 
warfare a much a anyone. 

"We looked to the home Ie s," 
Fedors said. " How they perceive 
and feel about the war." 

The proje t, when completed , 
will not only help to fill the re-
quirements of n Documentary 
Media cia ,but can also be en-
tered into the local and national 
competiti ons spon ored by 
AERho. 

"The convention are a great 
place to get a pu h, Fedors said. 
"You can meet people, showca e 
your work , and get updated on new 
technology. The resources are there 
for you to make contact. . . you just 
have to be aggre~sive en ugh to go 
after them." 

In the future, AERho hopes that 
it can be affiliated with the Na-
tionalAcademy of Televis ion Arts 
and Sciences. Thi ' institution di s-
tribute the coveted Emmy awards 

for telev ision produ ·tions on both 
a national and local level. 

"The National Academy of 
Telev ision A rts and Sciences is, 
essentially , AERho on a g reater 
level," said Tom Rine lla, a mem-
be r of AERho. " If we could be 
a ffiliated with it, it would increase 
our credibility." 

AERho also plans to bring in 
other gue t 'peaker from local 
radio stations and telev ision stu -
dios, and arrange for members to 
see broadcasting sights first hand. 

"We ' re young, so we have to 
get started first," Fedors said. "But 
I see AERho as a means by which 
students can gain a deeper under-
standing of the industry so they 
can ay: ' I definitely want to pur-
ue th is career' or ' thank God I 

found out about it now ' and get out 
[of school]." 

"The film industry i based upon 
who you know. not what you know. 
That' how you get job . If they 
know you and what you can do for 
them, the more contracts you get 
and the easier it is to get jobs. 
Every liuh.: bll helps," Rine lla aid. 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

LSAT 
GMAT 

GRE 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision . 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

(619) 695-9952 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bri1g 1his ad. Otter eXj)lres 411 /91 . & 8680 

• II lr00lni 5 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURtST AVAILABLE 

Mon.-Fri. 6·5 
Sat. 9-2 549-8233 
WriHen guarantee quality parts, 

AUTOMOTIVE UCSD • 
Only 7 miles from UCSOI Take Mllamar Rd, lell on Camino RUiz. then lell on LJ vnlage Of. 

Mi ralanl Olive, up hili to 8680 Miralam Dr. SUite #tOt In back. 

" j 
III, .... , Rd. 

L ___________________________________________ ~ 

• ~ • .J 



12 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

Guitarists 'Steel' Spotlight 
• Six of the nation's best guitarists gave a 
sampling of their styles, ranging from the blues 
and jazz to Hawaiian slack-key and country 
By Ari Krawitz 
Guardian Reporter 

The night was cold, the week 
had been long, and my girlfriend 
had a headache, but nothing could 
stand in the way of the exci tement 
and energy of the Ma ters of the 
Steel String Gui tar concert at 
MandevilieAuditorium la ~ t Friday 
night. 

The concert , organized by the 
ational Council for the Tradi-

tional Arts, was a showcase of 
unique talents, featuring six in-
credible perfonners who each hold 
impressive positions in their re-
spec tive styles. 

John Cepha began the show, 
playing blues in the Piedmont 
fingerpicking tyle. Using a slide 

n a national steel guitar, he 
warmed up the audience with music 
from several different areas of the 
blues genre. Hi deep voice carried 
theemotionofhis ong all through 
the first set, while his hamlonica 

virtuoso partner Phil Wiggins ac-
companied him for the last half of 
his perfonnance. Even though the 
blues have been around for a long 
time, Cephas and Wiggin invigo-
rated the style with complex and 
energetic solos, convolu ted tim-
ing, and a filled-out musical texture. 

Wayne Henderson had the sec-
ond set, and his Appala hian fin -
gerpicking on a guitar from his 
own line of nationally-renowned 
cu tom-made guitars, raised the 
enthusiasm of the crowd to a new 
level. The tempos ,of ea h song 
gradually increased, and hi play-
ing soon flew by 0 quickly that the 
accompanying guitarist fell out of 
pace, Twice. 

Ledward Kaapana, following 
Henderson, was in no way intimi-
dated by the preceding acl. Kaapana 
brought the tempo of the show 
down to a mellow island pace, ex-
hibitingthe unique Hawaiianslack-
key tyle of guitar accompanied 

Photos by Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 
Famed jazz musician Cal Collins played his guitar like a piano. 

ARE YOUR PACKAGES SUFFERING 
FROM A DELIVERY CRISISf 

WE'VE GOT 
THE CURE! 

Silippino Worldwide 
novelty items' gift wrapping' balloons· greeting cards 
~~Large setection of gift arul shipping boX~ 
~ . 

O 4305 La Jolla Village Drive. UTC Mall (nexllo Carlos Murphy'S) 
1 M 453-9993 

W • I ~ , OPEN DAILY 

only by his traditional Hawaiian 
fal etto singing. A true crowd 
plea er, Kaapana wa the only 
player to use any g immicks, such 
as a manual demon tration of poi-
making - in the middle of a song 
wilhout dropping a beat. Kaapana' 
relaxi ng emotional playing style. 
island cowboy sound, Hawaiian 
tonality, and impres ive handling 
of the guitar eated him within the 
ranks 0 f the other masters. 

Following the intermi sion 
Jerry Dou glas, dobro player 
ex traordinaire, took the stage. The 
dobro guitar i played in a manner 
imilar to lap-style guitars, except 

the string are "fretted" with a bar 
in the le ft hand, and inside the 
body is a mewl re onator. 

Dougla troked sounds and 
melodie out of hi dobro guitar 
like none other can. His econd 
song, "From Ankara to Izmir," 
played with a three-piece accom-
paniment, fell into a catego ry 
somewhere between New Age and 
oft rock. The piece' accentuated 

melody wa intermittently jolted 
by Douglas' unconventional !ide 
olos. 

Henderson joined the group for 
"Bill Cheedham," an old fiddle 
tune brought to a new height by 
Douglas' and Henderson 's com-
bined fingerpicking. After a funky 
jazz tune, Douglas finished his ex-
travagant et with "A New Day," a 
folk /country ong with an a -
tounding banjo-esque solo. 

Cal Collins, the hi ghly-re-
spected jazz player who performed 
next. opened hi set with an intri -
catesolo, accompanied by the band. 
Collins broke his ix th suing near 
the end of the ong, but after a brief 
delay, the jazz began to flow again. 
Perhap on a whim, Collins de-
cided to play an extended 010 -
with the band still on the stage -
but the accompanists didn ' t seem 
to mind a bit a they admiringly 
watched Collins strum the longest 
chord progression of the show. 

Collins' playing evoked images 
not of a guitar, but of a piano, 
thanks to his novel technique of 
playing both chord and melody 
lines imultaneously. After "How 
Long Has This Been Going On?" 
- an apt I y -titled jazz tu ne that had 
many in the audience squirming 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Monday, February 25, 1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 13 

A.lbert Lee, who has toured with Eric Clapton, played his classic 
"One Way Rider" Friday night at the Mandeville Auditorium. 
because of its length - Cephas 
came on stage and ang with the 
band on Collin ' final song. 

Albert Lee, the last performer, 
is an often-imitated musical ge-
nius who has a history of playing 
with a myriad of famous contem-
porary musicians. Lee, accompa-
nied by a back-up guitar, ba s, and 
drums, sang his lyrics into the 
microphone, but more often took 
several steps back toplay his solos. 
His guitar had a cutaway body 
allowing access to 24 frets, and he 
used every one, running his frantic 
fingers around the fret board at im-
po sible velocities. Lee sang his 
well-known original song, "One 
Way Rider." chopping it up with 
numerous clean 010 , but his be t 
jam of the evening was when Jerry 
Douglas came out with his dobro 
to play "Country Boy" with Lee. 
The duo not only made an excel-
lent melodic unit, but Lee also came 
out with wave upon wave ofmind-
stopping solos that made the audi-
ence sit open-mouthed in awe. 

Follwing this mind blast was 
the grand finale , which featured 
all six players together, takingtums 
at blues solos on the mediocre song 
"Flip Flop and Fly" with Cephas 
singing leads. After this feeble at-
tempt at a uni ted jam session, the 
audience applauded the players 
back out onstage for another simi-

larly weak blues song with Cephas 
singing once more and the six gui-
tarist each taking a solo. 

The setting, which deliberately 
downplayed glitz and flash, re-
vealed the extensive abili ties of 
the performers with amore precise 
focus on the mu ic and individual 
styles. Each set was like a mini-
performance in its appropriate at-
mosphere , from Cephas and 
Wiggins kicking back in their low-
key blues session to Kaapana sit-
ting on a stool entenaining as ifthe 
audience were all back at the Big 
Island. Each player had more than 
adequate abilities to pull off ashow 
on theirown, butlogether these six 
musicians revealed the true poten-
tial of the guitar. 

The weakest points of the show 
was the grand finale with all six 
mu icians playing at once. The 
underlying theme in the jam ses-
sions may have been that these 
players were diverse in theirstyles, 
but diversity combined is good. 
This may be true in life, politics,or 
philosophy, but the radiance of 
these six players was quite stifled 
in the courtesy songs at the end. 

However, even with disap-
pointing grand finale and my girl-
friend fa ll ing asleep halfway 
through the show, this was a su-
perb once-in-a-lifetime showcase 
of true guitar mastery. 

••••••••••••••••••• : 2 f 11UY a lingle or double ~ : lor =='it,o": ~ l 
• La JaIkI Colon, 7770 Regenll Rd .. .. ,oa (In In. Vons $/'lopping Cenler) 11 an>-10pm~.TM .• • 
a One coupon per C1A_ bpIreo l/3/91 . II an>- 11 pm f1l1 Sot. a 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Peering Into a 
Traveler's Life 
By Mic hael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Woter 

''To hims('/f he is enough. Ellough! 
Be YO Llrst'lp" 

- Peer Gynr 

Hcnrildbsen' epicpursuitof elf-
knowledge. "Peer Gynt ," will be pre-
sented by the UCSD Theatre Depan-
ment in the Mandell Weiss Theatre 
from Feb. '27- March 3. 

undefinable mas. There' the Troll 
King and entourage, and the evil thin 
man. Peer keeps di covering who he 
is, only to have the notion rejected 
and be left with nothing again. 

"Peer skims surfaces. He never 
delves into anything eriously, keep-
ing an escape route open at all times. 
This is a reflection on modem life for 
me, " Coleman stated.Thi work is 
rarely produced for everal rea ons. 
It is exceedingly long and takes place 

in locations as di-
verse as Egypt and 
the middle of an 
ocean. Graduate 
playwright Naomi 
lizuka has con-
densed the work to 
approximately half 
of its original 
length. While leav-
ing every scene in-

"It's a comedy-
journey play," Di-
rector Mary 
Coleman aid in a 
recent interv iew . 
"There' ~ more 
thought in laughter 
than in tear ." This 
journey takes Peer 
on a lengthy quest, a 
search for what a 
" elf' i . Traveling 
away from hi home 
and youth , Peer 

"Peer skims sur-
faces. He never 
delves into anything 
seriously, keeping an 
escape route open at 
all times. This is a re-
flection on modern life 
for me." tact, each has ben 

- Mary Coleman boiled down to what 

travels to Morocco, Egypt, and all 
over the world in quest of inner-
knowledge. Along the way, he runs 
into mythological figures of Norway , 
creature like the button molder, that 
shape all dead sou ls into an 

is mo t concise and 
direct. Describing Ibsen's Norwegian 
text a "reckless cascading verse," 
this adaptation preserves the playful-
neSs and raucousness of the original , 
presented in a poetic, loose verse. 

The structure has been modified 

I 

/ 

Tracey Leigh, David Fenner, Shanga Parker, and Zaraawar Mistry star in 'Peer Gynt' at the Mandell Weiss. 
into an en emble approach. The 86 
characters are presented by 11 actors. 
Peer goes through different phases of 
his Ii fe and di fferent approaches to his 
life, and different actor assume the 
roles at each juncture. "There is no 
stable identity to Peer. Every time he 
put on a new costume, he becomes a 
new Peer," Coleman said. 

Square dancing has replaced tradi-
tional Norwegian dances. The pro-
duction replaces Ibsen's folklore with 
that of the mythological Old West. 
"It's the legend for people like Billy 

the Kid and people riding off into the 
unset - American mythology ," 

Coleman said.Graduate designer 
Vince Mountain has tackled the task 
of putting the wide variety of wooden 
and metal caffolding on the stage and 
extending into the house. An underly-
ing concept of this production is the 
idea of tory telling. The actors are 
storytellers, si tting around a campfire, 
relating the slOry of Peer Gynt. The 
acting areas extend into the house 
both on the floor level and up high on 
the scaffolding. The stage is open un-

demeath as well, allowing a maxi-
mum number of acting nreas. 

While Ibsen gives adirect answer 
to what the true self is, don't count on 
such a tidy ending from this produc-
tion. The ending has been sufficiently 
broadened to prevent any easy an-
swer . 

When: Feb 27· Mar. 3, 8 p.m. 
Whe re: Mandell Weiss 

Theatre. 
Tickets: $6 ·12. UCSD Box 

Office 534-4559. For more 
information call 534-3793. 

'The Rivals' Provides Light, Airy Entertainment 
By Karla D. Stange 
Staff Writer 

The production of "The Rivals" at 
the Lamb's Players Theatre is like a 
carbonated soft drink: the fizz and 

foam taste good, but the calories are 
empty and the aftertaste is bitter. 

The comedy by Richard Brinsley 
Sheridan starts off the 1991 season at 
the Lamb's Players Theatre, and runs 

through March 30. 
Director Robert Smyth sets the play 

in South Carolina in the early 1800s 
against a backdrop of strictly-coded 
chivalry and gallant gentlemen who 

know how to 
woo women. 

The rivals 
in the play are 
three suitors 
who scramble 
for the heart 
and fonune of 
Miss Lydia 
Languish. The 
numerous 
subplots in-
clude mi s-
taken identi-
ties , secret 
notes, and du-
els of honor. 

comedy, in the tradition of 
Shakespeare 's " A Midsummer 
Night's Dream." Sheridan presents a 
topsy-turvy world where social barri-
ers are crisscrossed. Young people 
outsmart their elders, servants fool 
their masters, and confusion is the 
source of all the laughter. 

This confusion creates some hi -
larious momenls in the first half of the 
play, but when true identities are re-
vealed in the second half, the play 
loses critical comic tension. 

After the intermission, the play 
yawns and stretches into th predict-
able conclusion of three reunited 
couples and a cute dance of joy. 

There is a smorgasbord of acting 
skills in this play. At worst, there is 
David Cochran Heath (as Sir Lucius 
O'Trigger) with a screechy Lepre-
chaun accent. 

At the ho-hum, mediocre level, 
there is Ted Deasy as the dashing 
trickster Jack Absolute, and Cynthia 
Peters as the romantic airhead Lydia. 

the fooli sh Mrs. Malaprop, who con-
stantly massacres the English lan-
guage with phrases like: "He is the 
very pineapple [i.e. pinnacle) of po-
liteness ... 

The Lamb' s Players set makes use 
ofthe theater-in-the-round, where the 
audience surrounds a revolving stage. 
The problem with this intimate stag-
ing is that you often watch the back of 
the actor's heads and miss parts of the 
dialogue. 

"The Rivals" suffers from a sac-
charine sweetness that downplays 
Sheridan' s clever wit. But there are 
many funny moments in the play that 
redeem the fizz and foam, like a caf-
feine high. 

And sometimes, when all the real 
world offers is tragedy, you need to 
seek out comedy wherever you can 
find it. 

When: running thru Mar. 30 
Where: 500 Plaza Blvd., 

National City. 
Tickets: 474·4542. 

Darlene Trent, Kerrry Cederberg Meads, and Cynthia Peters act out their rivalry. 

"The Ri -
vals" follows 
the familiar 
format of the 
romantic At best, there is Darlene Trent as 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~~~.".... Call for delails· 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a teJll)Ofary waler as ; ~ celllAile and stretch marks 
Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.1204 
_~.--.. .... 455-0909 

• e'~ LA JOLLA -l~~ BARBER 
SHOP 

( .~'" (i '~ i ~ ( I" , ) r ' I' i .' 

Haircuts S800 

459-5792 

Unable to Relax? 
Anxious, nervous, tense? FREE research studies are available 

to people suffering from anxiety. Symptoms include feeling 
nervous, tense, irritable, stomach problems, insomnia, muscle 
aches, and difficulty concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive 

free medications, lab tests, physicals and psychiatric evaluations. 
18 or older, please call Monday through Friday 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

DBDDO ~~~~~ o INSTITUTE FREE STUDIES AlSO AVAILABLE FOR DEPRESSION 554·0100 



14 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 25,1991 

Prof. Dan Hallin Wins First Prize in Media Studies Essay Contest 
By Ron Morris 
Guardian Reporter 

It's six o'clock, and time forthe 
evening news. 

Tonight 's main storyisa peech 
by a candidate for public office. 
But as the news begins, it becomes 
obvious that the most important 
element in the tory is not the can-
didate, or even his speech. Instead, 
it is the anchorman, the on-Ihe-
spot reporter. and other personali-
ties who are seen on the evening 

news each night. [n fact. lhe candi-
date is seen for less than 20 sec-
onds. making the joumalist, not 
the "newsmaker." the star. 

This scenario i not a grim pre-
diction of the future ; it is a proven 
trend in the media today according 
to Dan Hallin. a professor of 
communication at UCSD. 

Hallin. a national expert on 
media coverage who has been a 
professor at UCSD for 10 years. 
won first place in the 1990 

Woodrow Wil on Center Media 
Studies Es ay Conte t. His essay 
discusses the difference between 
media coverage of elections from 
1968 to 1988. 

Entitled Sound Bite News : 
Television Coverage 0/ Elections, 
1968-1988. Hallin's essay was se-
lected from among 45 entries 
submitted by academics, joumal-
its, and broadcasters. It will be 
published by the Woodrow Wil-
son Center this spring. 

"It 'sa relatively new prize given 
for essays [like mine]. " HalJin said. 
"But it is one of the ric he t or best 
known prizes. It' s a very special 
reward for me. " 

Besides being published by the 
Woodrow Wilson CeOler. Hallin's 
essay will appear in a book called 
Blurring the Lines: Elections and 
the Media in Vietnam, an edited 
volume that will be published some 
time this year by Free Press. 

"I ortginalJy worked on the es-

\Ou dout to be a 
.---........ ~e ~or to look like one. 

With ccurity Pacific's tudentBankiJlg 
Pac~age you can be a finance maj r in 
no tllne. 

Here" Ie 'on number ne: Apply for a 
Visa or Mastercard along with a checking 
:lccount and the rate on the card will 
drop a whole per 'enrage point. We'll 
rebate the first ye,lr' member hip fcc 
and make applying relatively painless. 

Les on lW : You'lI have unlimited 
ATM usage with no service chargl' on 
the hccking account when you main-

tain at least a $100. balance.* Thi balance require-
ment drop down to 1.00 during the summer. 
o ou c:ln keep ·tocked up on suntan oil without 
ha\~llg t close your account and rc-open it when 
if ' timc for school. 

And if you feci like getting a little extra credit 
in communication , u e the frel' phone we're 
throwing ill t spi c up that drab dorm room. 
You'll a1 be getting a urpri e free gift that'll 
help you organize your finances. 

come open your checking accowlt today. After 
all, at Security Pa ifi all majors get A+ treatment 

I!!!!!!!!!!! ~SECURrrY PACFIC BANK 
We want to be your bank ror Iife~ 

4305 La Jolla Village Dr. 453-2131' 8813 Villa La Jolla Dr. 455-7294 
Mcmlx-r FI Ie 1'I'l\1 '\ctunl) l'><:lfi .Don.lll.lnk nl)' l':Iofi, c.,rl~"'Don Crrdll I.m oIli.n.,j by ~n'Y.l':Iofic 8.lnk N A 

'M.x!murn of .... ell« .n<! cwo ",-b""I(h Ir.UlSKDOOS per momh. T cl.'phono ",,!;hle >t I"rtlCtl"DnK "''CUnl)' \'>of;c 1!Mi1. offiu '" hlle suppll<> I..a. 

say for the book," Hallin said. 
"Then I thought the essay would 
be perfect for the conte t." 

Although the es ay wasn ' t rec-
ognized until 1990. it was an idea 
Hallin has had for quite a while. 

"[The essay] had ilSoriginsback 
when I was working on my book 
about the media and the Vietnam 
War," Hallin said. "I had started to 
notice something about the basic 
structure of the news coverage." 

A version of Hallin's essay was 
published in 1987. which he has 
used in his American News Media 
course. But it was not until a year 
ago, when he received funding, 
that Hallin was able to look into the 
topic more intensely. Wi th the help 
of a graduate student, Hallin spent 
the summer reviewing videotapes 
of news broadcasts. 

Hallin found that the length of a 
typical clip showing a candidate in 
a news story on television de-
creased from an average of more 
than 40 seconds in 1968 to less 
than 10 seconds during the 1988 
presidential election campaign. 

According to Hallin, techno-
logical advances and changes in 
the economics of television have 
caused sound bites, which are bits 
of fi 1m that have sound, to shrink. 
It is this shrinkage that has led to 
journalist-centered news. 

"The reporter has become the 
primary communicator. not the 
candidate or other ' newsmakers.' 
HalJin said. "We have gone from 
passive television journalism to a 
more acti ve, critical, but packaged 
form of TV news coverage in which 
the public never has a chance to 
hear the candidate for more than 
20 seconds. " 

Besides teaching his American 
Media New cour e, Hallin is cur-
rently studying the transformation 
of media in the newly-formed de-
mocracies. particularly in Eastem 
Europe and Latin America. 

Hallin is also examining and 
prov iding commentary on the news 
coverage of the Persian Gulf War. 

"[ generally think that the me-
dia coverage [of the war] looks 
like the traditional coverage of a 
war - very dependent on the mili-
tary for information," Hallin said. 
"The most important thing [ see is 
that so far the news has looked 
very clean; we see very little of 
[the] human cost, and when we do 
see it. the media takes a lot of he a!. 
People say that the media shouldn't 
be there and that the media is onJy 
causing more problems. That's a 
very dangerous attitude to have." 

YOUR IUNESS 
COULD BE 

PROFITABLE $$$ 
If you have a major illness. 
you could make a valuable 
conoibution to the medical 
community. and eam $$$. 

· Measles 
• Mononucleosis 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 

$50 
and 

• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 

up ••• 
• Lyme Disease 
• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized te the Rh Factor 

For JIIOI'f InfOl'lllltion, please conlad 

MD LABORATORIES 
226-1733 

Monday, February 25,1991 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

Monday.Friday 

.:GI ..... : ...... - The OASIS Sllldy M __ , C ....... provIdes 
_.10 all _IS _ willi 10 iInprow Ibdr _i< skill • . 
Mae .. oppoi_ for ... indlvidlW conference, or roliSl« I'ar our 
worbbop; on time manaplnelli. noteUk:in,. re.adia,. IeJuboot 
lIIaIyli .. memocy. e.wn prep. CIe. Call 534-7344. USB 4010. Free. 

...... _ :.10 .... - The LIn,uqe Prapam provides 1Ui_ 10 

.. ___ nail •• I .. ","", i. no< EnJli"'and IDlboiedoirt,-" 
inJ .......... lso1l .... SpMillland Fnonch. A diqnostic ""011 wril .... En,Ii'" II. _1..,_ i. Ivailoble 011 rcq ..... Call 5)04·2214 
for mae infonna ..... SIUdenI Ceo ..... Bid,. A 1214. Free. 

1:00 '-:.10 .... - (EYOfIin, IppoinllnelllS ""0 Ivaillble.) The 
OASIS Wrili", Cenler i. I m.t l<fVice for all UCSD swdenu. We 
offetone",onewrilin,COI1fera1CCS fOf ony Iypeofwrilinaprojoct-
oc_ ~ pcnona\ s .. _. even .1Ories ond poem •. Our 
1lalf0(1rIined tIIIderpad ....... who"""", fTom I vari"yofoc_ 
diJICipli ..... can help )IOU bocome I men .ffeedve wri ..... Call 534-
2284 10 mike an oppoin"'-l elf drop by our offICe in tho aid S,,"lenl 
C ....... Bullm", A. '214. Free. 

3:.10 p.·5:OO .... - Galalhel COfnmunily Service1VlOri .. f>Ivsr.a 
.-w .... If you Win( 10 IUIOt eJemenury ",hooI S_IS in ..... 
ond radin, ri,llI here 011 ampu .. call Michoel Tin, u 5S1-8411 . 
Revelle. ClaIaIhea Res. Hall . 

Monday. Feb. 25.1991 

11:00 ... ·11:51 ... - Te.tbook Analy.ls: Undertinin,.IIlIIOWina. 
IlbeU ... USB 4010. Free. 

1:00 ,..1:50 p. - Oraduale/Professiortal School EJwn Prq>: 
Rudin, comprehenSion. GRE. MCA T. LSAT. GMAT. USB 4010. 
Free. 

Tuesday. Feb. 26. 1991 

11:00 ,..·11:50,.. - Graduale/Profe .. 1onaJ Exam Skills: Loaical 
",uool",. USB 4010. Free. 

3: ..... -3:50 .... - EJwn Prep: Objecllve e.wns. USB40IO. rn... 

Wednesday. Feb. 27. 1991 

1:00 p ... l :5O ,.. - Perceivinc Oraaniulion: Lineninl and 
llOICIakin,. USB 4010. F ..... 

3:00 ,.·3:50 ,. - Grllduale/PfOfesslODll EJwn Skills: !.oaic .. 
_n,. USB 4010. Free. 

ThW1day. Feb. 28. 1991 

10:00 •• ·111:$0 •• - T.xlbook Analysis: Crilical "'lIIin,. problem 
sol,ina. USB 4010. Free. -

1:00 ..... 1:50 PI" -Graduole/PfOfcssionol EnmPrep: AnalydcaI 
_",. USB 4010. Free. 

SERVICES 

MondoY. Feb. 25. 1991 

10:«1 .... 11:00 .. - Lesbillland Bi ... ua1 PoerCouruelin,. Have 
• question1 WillI somconelO IIIk 101 Need. oupportive envi......-? 
Drop by tho Women'. Re-... CenIer. For individlW I~ 
willi I lninod peer COtaISelor. call 534·:1023. Free. 

2:00 P~:OO pm - RES11UcroRS (RED) GROUP: A """'" 
provldi .. support and expionlioo 0( .. If i. Ihe diflicull journey 10 
recovay from on eaUn, disorder where Ihe pIlICr i. reslricllon 0( 
inllb 0( food. Leoder: Reina J ........ 534-387 5 (sI .... ""). !ISS 2126-
Free. 

]:00 ..... 5:00 .... - AOULT CHILDREN OF ALCOHOUCS 
PSYCH().EDUCA nONAL GROUP: Desianod forlllldenlS wanlinJ 
10 expiolo Ihe _ 0( &JOWl", up in an aI<OhoIic home. Call Usa 
Hinz, 5)04·3755. OH 1003. Free. 

4:00 ..... 5:30 p .. - MEXICANA. CHIACANA. LATINA 
SUPPORT GROUP: Informol poop 1Y*lin, _Iy .. diJCUiS 

~ic.porIOIIIIllldsocialexperieace •. Leoder: UnduyCalcloroo. 
534-3755 (sI .... ""). Price Cent.er. lrvine Room. F ..... 

4:00 pill",. .... - AIcoboI ol Subswu Abuse ...... CounseJina: 
Nicole BlIIlC:bard. peer """nselo<. 5~lO. Academic Support 
B ..... 2110. rn... 

n..ctIy. Feb. 26.1991 

8:JO __ 11:00 _ - ORADUA'l1! MEN'S AND WO/ofEN'S 
GROUP: For _ 
.......... SIIIdeaIs in_ .... in uplorin, ......... 1 .... lICOIIemicl 
,.--i .......... penoIIIl_l.eaden: Miriam IoIupovici. 
NIIICY WIIIIi&. CaD 5)4.37551'ar. preliminoly in .... Ie ... GH 1003. 
Free. 

11:OO_ll:ID .... -AIcoboI.lSubaanceAbuse ...... CAlunsoeIiq: 
Cecelia ~ peerClOlftClor.534-1015. 'l1IinI CoIIcto DeaD'o 
0fI\ce. me. 

I ...... ·IL ..... - Ak:oboI .... SubsuDce Abuse Peer 
CoomaIl!1J. Douc Sbna. Poer CounIeIor. 534-3585. HSS ~ 
Free. 

U'" _I ....... - COPING WI11I WAR: A.-, poop for 
_ widl_ ...... in ....... zone. Led by Miriam Jocuporici. 
534-0255 .... Dovid BIoIboDd.5J4.3917. CoIl for In_or jual 
drop in. OH 1003. Freo. 

1:GI...-J-..... -11IERotMNTICCOPINOSKILLSGROUP: 
WUI MKII woys", .... aDd moIauIn rolOlioDshipl1llll1O OWI'OOIIII 
\not • . ~: a-rty HIrju. MIry MeN ......... Sip .... : 534-
2237. 0H 1003. PNe. 

l:ID ,........ ,. - RED I (RECOVERINO FROM EATING 
DISOIUlI!RS~ A .... worbhop for -.... _ 1_ 0( 
.......... HoJilollraki", oelf_. os-._ ....... 
_ ....... ~: ..... J ........ N_yWIIII".Si"' .... : 5J4. 
:lI75. HSS 2101. Freo. 

J:JI _3:31 .. - Gay II1II B_IIII ..... CcIuDseI .... Haw I 
~1W __ IO ...... ,_.IIIJ'IICftIw_bc 1 
Dnlpby" w ... u.a-...... Roo. 32A7 orc:all 534-lO23 
b _.......... ... .. • widI.1niaod peer........". Freo. 

The UCSD Guardian CALENDAR IS 

1:.10 p .. -4:G1 p. - WOMEN MOlES'l1!D AS CHILDREN 
(AMAC): A ,roupfonn women who ,urvivedchildhoodOf IdoIescenI 
sexual lbuse by .l1li\ ..... lCquainlance>. oncVor family members. 
Call U .. Hi ... 5)4.3755. J>n,liminary appoInoneru necessary. R.....,11e 
Formal loun ... F,... 
4:00 poa.5:JO p. - UNDERGRADUA'l1! llIERAPY GROUP: 
For underlfldUl.e """"IS who 1Ia,. had indIvidual counselin, ond 
1ft now ready 10 e1plore islUeI in a IrouP cornell. Leader: EquJlla 
Luke. 5)4.3585. J>n,limiury oppoinlmallnca.sary. 
GHI001. _ . 

4:00 ...- .... - RED III (RECOVEJUNG FROM EATING 
DISORDERS): 
For SlUdatIl who OR beyond reluJar pluoms of binain,. di .. in,. or 
purJi", but ... ho WillI 10 cont ..... dleir self developmeru Ihroualt 
inert ..... levels of sharinaand INSt Si,n.up: '34·2237. New lit 
BId,. 3247. F ..... 

Wednesday. Feb. 27. 1991 

IJ:JO ... 1:. pal - AIcoboI.l SUbslll1Ce Abuse ...... Counselin,: 
Cecelia Nq>omuceno. peerCOUNelor. '34-3035. ThiId Colle .. Dun'. 
OfI'u.Free. 

l:JO .. -4:31,. - AIcaIIoI ... S_AbuoePoerc-lin" 
DooIa -. -~. 534-3,.". !ISS 2056._. 

l:OO .... -4: ..... - PROCRASnNA TION GROUP: Over<>Omin, 
dell~'''' ICtivides In order 10 bocomemoro IocUKtd and """"etrecti.., 
in Sl"'yin, and wriun, papm.1ader: HupPa .... 534· )0456. Revelle 
Provosl·. Bid,. Free. 

4:00 p.":OO ..... - MEN AND WOMEN MOlESTED AS 
CHILDREN: MeeIS weekly. led by Miriam 100upcwicl. 5lW255 
aDd JoIwt Wu. 534-lO35. Call for sian·up. Third Colle .. Dean's 
Cmfemlce Room. rn... 

5:00 p."':3O po. - AFRICAN·AMERICAN WOMEN'S 
SllPl'ORT GROllP: IlIfonnai discussion """" meelina wtel"y. 
focusin, on in_IS and concerns of Africon·Amerlcon women. 
Leoder: EqUiUllul<e, 534-3585/Si",·up. !ISS 210'. F ..... 

6:00p"""OO pIIl - lesI>iIII .... BI ... 1111 Women·.Suppon Group. 
Led by peerCOUIllCIorsOleiiond 0eIIbie. W.·",aweotly.conIi_ 
~Irt poop for .......... i_ In c11ICU11in, penooaI concerns 
ODd social 1_ in a ..... fonable. supponive envIronmenl. Call 
Da,id II 534-3987. WIlIIICII·. Resoun:e Ct:nI<r. "'-

ThwtdoY. Feb. 28. 1991 

__ 11:00 _ -AlcohoI.l Subsww:e Abuse Poereoun .. lin" 
CeatIIa Nepomuceno. peer ............ 534-3035. ThirdColIqo Deon'o 
0I'IIcc._ . 
1l:GI_I:JI,.-PAN ASIANC'OMMUNfIY RlRUM: Oro!>-
\a ................ 10 ____ 0( AsiII\IPlCific 1_ 
-. II UCSD in • ...-,.·soIvia .... AI(IpOIli"" 1IIIIOIpbeIe. 
Leaden: lame M_ and /obD Wu. 534-lOl5. MousIIIin View 
l.Dunp . ....... 

1:00 ,..J:JI .. - WOMEN MOLES'l1!D AS CHILDREN: For 
_who survived moIOIIoIIon iIIchildboadlldoloice.~: 
Mirtam IOIupovid aDd KIron <Apn. CoIl '34-37'5 for oppainlllllllL 
OH 1003. rn... 

I ... ,..l:lI .. - OVERCOMINO COMPULSIVE EATING: 
For _ wilD boIJilll.lly dielllldblqa. """'" 011 ......... _ 
bui\duIJ ... f_iDcnosinI ... -. .... .-. Equlllllul<e, 
534-3515. J>n,Jimbwy......---..y. H5S 214 • . fIooo. 

J:tI poa.5:t1 .. - AIcdaoI .l u..-Abuse Poer Ccondin,: 
ErIc ferJIIIOII, peer _ . ')044767. ArlO HoII. Rm 104II0!J. 

--J:tI,...s:tl .. -ENHANCINGSELF·ES'I1!DI WORXSHOP: 
Daipod .. bcIp iadiv\dlllls ___ ......... mcre ....... 11111 
............. _oI ... f_Io_m-.I-. ReioaJ-. 
534-3175. S;p..p -,. HSS 21 ... Freo. 

4:00 p •• 5:3O p. - ADULT 
CHI LDREN OF DIVORCE: MulS 
weekly fOf 6 weeks. led by Nanc:y 
W.hll,. 534·37'5 .nd MirY 
McNlU,hlon, 534·1725. Call1'ar .i,n-
up. New UL Bid, .. Rm. 3240. Free. 

concert will be held In Mandtvtlle Reci .. , H.II and WIll be ........... 
by perfonnancc students in voice, piano. doubleb.us and precu sion. 
Fr<e. 

Fnclay. Mu. 1. 1991 

4:JO .... ..s: ..... -SOCIALSKIU,S 
WQIU(SHOP: A poup focu.in, 
00 developln, skiUs for I1lt.Clin& other 
pcopk.conversaUons.asscn1vtnW.etc. 
Leoder: Unduy Calderon. 534-175'. 
GH 1003. F .... 

6:.10 ...... :00 .... -O.y ond BI .. ,ual 
Men'. Support Group led by peer 

COIIlIlCIon Tony ond Olau. W.·ro • weekly 
informal. contidallial peer """" for lIudenlS who 01111110 discu 5 I"'" and ...... concans.Corne lend yoursupponJ Drop-in welromc 
or call David II 534·3987 for mono info. Mounwn View Loun,. (by 
Ihe ..... is OOWISII ThiId Colle .. ). F ..... 

Friday. M .... I. 1991 

~:OO ... · 11 :00 ... - Alcohol" SUbslll1Ce Abuse ...... Coun .. lin': 
Nicole 81111C1Iard. peer rounselor. ,~)O. Acad. SUPl'. Blda .. 
2110. "'-

11:00 pm. I1:5O ,. - RED PEER WORKSHOP: Four wc<k 
WOf'<shop providin, skills 10 identify and imJ'l'O"ellabl1S ond luiludes 

~lltrd &0 ~I.lnl and body imqe.. Leaden: SUDn Feiner. J~i fl"l' 
J.,ielski. MAAC Conf. Rm. 202. Froc:. 

12:15 pm·I :45 pm - llIERAPY OROUP FOR GAV MEN: 
Confidenlill dlerlpy &roUP for arltduale and under"""u,,. aay and 
bi ... 1I>1 men. Uoder: DlVld Bluband. 534·3987. Call David for 
slan.up.lIL BId, .. Rm.1240. Free. 

11:30 .... · I:JO ..... - GlY IIld BI ..... I ...... Counselin,. Hlv.a 
que 1ion1 WillI someone 10 IIlk 101 eed I ,upparllve envlronmenl7 
Drop by Ihe Warren Ulenlure Buildin" Room 3247 orclll 534·2023 
for an indivldual appoinlment with. u-aincd peer counx.ior. Ffft. 

L ....... ·3: ... - Et1'ECI1VE 1'ERfEC110NISM COPING 

SKIU,S OROllP: Will fOCllS 011 IeomIna 10 "'" lhoualtlS. c/reants, 
actions and perfec:lionistic ~ndencies 10 successfully .ch~ye 

in~I.lCIdernic and car .... ,ooJ •. leader: Beverly Hllju. 5)4. 
2237. loc.ujon Cml. Rm' 202 MAAC. Free. 

1:00 pm .... :OO pill - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
GROUP: For .WdenIS who raise the question -Do Ilia.., a problem7' 
Supponiveand resourceful environmenl 10 •• """" die above lberrte. 
Leaden: Dan MtJDC>Z ond Equill. luke. 5)4·3755. Revelle Pr""",,'s 
Off'"""F,..,. 

3:OOpm·5:OO pm- Alcohol" Su ....... Abuse ...... CounseIi"': Eric 
Ferauson, peer counselor. 534-0767. ArlO HilI. Rm 104/105. Free. 

. :00 p,,"':OO p. - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: Informal 
disc .... ion! support &roUP Ioculin, on Is ...... concems •• xperi ...... 
IIw IffecldIe qualily oIlif. 0( !he Africll1' Americon communily .1 
llCSD. Leaden: Pllil Raphael. Equilll Luke. $34-3755. Moomain 
View lounll". rn... 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

Wednesday. 

5: ..... - Pre·low E4uc ..... AUocilllon meed_,. Worried abouI 
die LSA 1'7 SpeokerfTomPrincewn Review lI .... neJlJl'lEA meedn,. 
00W Ann ... !'ret. 

1'ueIday. Feb. 26. 1991 

5:JO p.-6:JO ,.. - TOMlIDUWS COlI be your.-.p 10 oontIcbnl 
IIId succaslW publi< speoId",1 Come villI our friendly ""-am .... 
_ldy.-inp.CoJJ DoveIl274-91461'ar ..... 11l1o. MAACCoof. 
Rm. 111·1< (soudl 0( die Price Ccncor). PNe visit 

ENTERTAINMENT 

W ..... y. Feb. 27. 1991 • Sunday. M.. l . 1991 

"' ....... ,&_, ......... " s. .... ,. 7:00 .... - UCSD 
",... praenu PEER GYNT II .... M_U Weiss TheoIrt. A 

_adIpcocioaol_t~·.c\usic_IIn"", PoerOyDI 
........ willt Ihe mysury 0( exl.1eIICe while w-.!n,lhroualtellOllc 
1_. Mandell Weill ~. S6, 1lUdenIS. 

'lburaday. Pcb. 21. 1991 

....... - PEItPOJtMER·S PORUM CONCERT AT UCSD: The 
puIIIk: Is bmIOd II> 0IIj0y • ~ music __ ""_ in dlis 
_ Ii -": _ ......... tour ___ lIo<h lDlIartN:r. The 

11:00,.. - REVIEWI Fun filled mu ieal revi • .,. Brin, your insulin 
s/lou! UCSD Sludio 'Thelt". 4095. Free. 
Salurday. Mil'. 2.1991 

.1 :00pm -REVIEWI Fun filled music:ll review. Brinlyourinsulin 
shotsl UCSD Sludio The.". 4095. Free. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

Monday.Frielly 

Mllintl inine health is the key 10 a long and prosperous life. Do you 
know how huJth)' you are? We can tcll you in one hour! FiLnop is 
FREE and •• y1 Si,n up now before all of llIe OJl<nillJl' for. FREE 
filJ1ess evalualion are talten. W. are locOled 011 die 2nd I100r of lite 
Sludenl Health Cenlel'. See you lite",! 

Monelly. Feb. 25.1991 

2:00 pm - As your lo\'c ~ows for eKh other mike )ure your beU)' 
doesn't too. Come 10 I binll COIlItOI info session and discuss the 
I!IdVlnlJlid and disadvantaJCS of each binh cootrol choice with a 
Irtined 5,,,,,,,, H •• lIh Advocal • . Sl .... nl H.alllI S<rvicc •. 2nd floor. 
Free. 

Tuesclly. Feb. 26. 1991 

11 :00 1m - Do you know how 10 pro<ecl YOOf .. 11'1 Sludcm He.lih 
Advocatcs CIU1 how methods of prevention .,ainst pre&nanCY and 
STDs, Includml HIV Infections. Won', you aive us and youneIr I 
ehlr1Ce and come 10 Ihe nex! 8inh CmIrOl Session ., Ihe Sludcnl 
He.11b Sendee. 2nd floor. F .... 

1:00 pnI - FREE SEXI II No. 1101 "",lIy. bUI if you come", thc ""XI 
Binh ConItOl Session .t Stud<nl H.!l1lh ServIce. S,udenl Hellth 
Advocates can show ),OU how 10 protect yoursel r in the event you may 
decUk lO panicipate. Student Ueahh Service. 2nd floor. Free . 

Wednesday. Feb. 27. 1991 

10:00 am - For beuer understandin~ of lite f.m.l. specie . h.!lIth 
conccm'i.mmeIQ u.e Well Woman Scs~ion spomored by !.he Sludr:m 
He. 11lI S<rvlce. Sludenl He.lth Scrvlce. 2nd floor. Frtt. 

1:GO pm - Got the mid.quarter blues'! How a.bout some persooilil 
5eJlUAI edlfiCItioo11 Come 10 lhe next Birth COlltrol S~SlOn.lt lhe 
Student Health Service and !tam .... hal methods of blnh conuol Me 
.nliable 10 you. Sludc:nllle:dth ServICC. 2nd nOOf Free. 

Thursday. Feb. 28.1991 

10:00 1m - liow much? How of len? Hnve these selual dilemmas 
been pllaum, you'] LLI us, the Student liealth Advocates. answer 
Ihe$c queslion and mOllY more al • Binh ConlJ'Ol Scs!tOl1 II llIe 
Sludenl Health SeNice. 2nd 1Ioot. F ..... 

J:oo p .. - Women who want to be in the know aboul your health 
coocerru - how to take bc:IItfCllrt of yourself. annual e.lUUJls. 8SE. 
nuU'ilion - should visit your locill Well WomWl Sc: sian at the 
Siudent Heillth Service, 2nd floor. Free. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

Tuesday: ThW1day-Sllurelly 

CA mOLIC MASS. Sponsorld bylhe Cathohc Sludenl Communuy 
• UCSD. Please note there Is NO 5 pm m3SS on Wednesday duling 
....... Ulllivenily LulMran Church. Comer of N. Torrey Pints and La 
Jolla $bora Drive. Free. 

. 

II :tI ... l :00pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS TABLE. Price 
Ceo .... Plaza. SlOp by for information. F",e. 

Tuesday. Feb. 26.1991 

4:00 p .. -JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS l.ehrtt.us Talmud SuJdy 
with Rabbi Oou~ SIOInick. S02 Mlllhews. Fr«:. 

7:00pm-UNION OF JEWISH Sl1JDENTS meeting. Price Cen ..... 
Ber1tel.y ROOflI. F .... . 

7:OOpm-CAllIOLIC BIBLESTUDY. Each week we hear. ~neCI 
m . discuss. ond pray die upcomin, Sund.y Seriplu", •. Plcase jotn u •• 
Univmily Lutheran Otun:h. Catholic Loung •. Comer of N. Toney 
Pines and Lo Joill Sbon!s Drive. F",e. 

Wednesday. Feb. 27. 1991 

10:00 ... ·2:00 pm - ISRAEl. AcnON COMMIT7'EE Table. SlOp 
by for Infonnallon. Price Cenler Plaz •• ln fronl of the EDNA office. 
!"ree. 

12:115 pm - CA 1lI01lC MASS. Sponsored by lhcCatholic sludcnl> 
Communily u UCSD. PI .... 1I0IO wlthi. replaces lite 5 pm mas. on 
Wednesday durin, lenL Revelle Collcle. USB 4OSOB. Free. 

7:00 pm - Union of Jewish SlUdcrus ""' ... " PURIM: Meglll.h 
Readin, and Celebmloo. The Old Pub. Free. 

t:JO ..... - CANDlELIGHT MASS. A qUle~ mldi .. ,ive lime I'ar 
s/larin, withClhen. SponS<nd by tho Calholic Studenl Communily II 
UCSO. Univmhy Lulherut OUll'th. Comer of N. Toney Pines and 
La JoIII Shores Drive. Free. 

Thursday. Feb. 28.1991 

11:oopm-JEWIS H CAMPUS CEN'l1!RS. l.ehrttau. BasicJ udaism 
Class with Rablli Slotnick. SOl MOIlhew •. FRlC. 

5:45 .... - THE llIURSDA Y DINNER. Homemade foocllnd pell 
company. SJIOIUO«d by die CllhoIic Sludenl Communily II UCSD. 
Univenil)' Lulberon Otun:1l, CaIhoIic Loun,e. Comer of N. Tomy 
Pines ond Lo Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 

Sunday. MM. 3.1 991 

.: .... -CAmOLIC MASS. Sponsoml by tho Catholic SWdenl 
CommunilY II UCSD. Un""'n"y lulherut Chun:b. Comer of N. 
TOrTeY Pines and La JoIll Shores Drive. F ..... 

5:00 pm - CA mOllc MASS. Sponsoml by lite Catholic Sludcnl 
CommunilY II UCSD. Uni..,nily lulller." Chun:h. Comer of N. 
Tomy Plnec and Lo JoIlI Sholes Drive. Free. 

. 5:00 p~:OO JIll' - UNlrnD CAMPUS MINISTItY sponsors a 
_Idy pdIerin, 0I1lUdcnIs. Come ond sin, I fe .. new 1011", Join 
us u we suppon Chrillian commllllily Ihroualt lOD,and prayer. MeeIS 
weekly. PoIiceSWlon TrlininlRm, U.C.M.ls IlteClmpus Minisuy 
01 .... Pmbylerilrl. MethodiSl and Uniled Chun:b of ChriS!, and 
Disciples of ChriSl churches 011 campus. Pol .... Siluon Trainin, 
_F ..... 

". .... - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by tho CatholIC SludcnI 
Community .t UCSD. llnivmhy lulberon Church. Corn« 01 N. 
Toney "'- and 1.0 Jolla Sholes Dri..,. Free. 



16 SPORTS 

Women's 
Lacrosse 
Drops First 
By Doug Shaddle 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women' lacros~e 
teann knew that Saturday'S home 
game against UC Santa Barbara 
would be its first real test of the 
year. It knew that UCSB would be 
bigger and faster. but the Triton 
thought that they could outplay the 
Gauchos. 

In the end, however, ize and 
speed were the telling advantage ' 
in the Triton' 10-5 loss. 

The previou Iy undefeated 
Tritons (4-1) kept the game close 
in the first half. UCSD scored first 
on a goal by ophomore Kim 
Pierce, but allowed the Gauchos to 
run off a tring of four goal . 

UCSD tightened up the game 
before the half by scoring twice, 
including one by leading scorer 

BITS 
Continued from page 24 

• Foot tep of the past. A young 
Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher 
throws over 200 innings one sea-
son, and then prepare him elf 
poorly the following year in spring 
training. The result is a visit to Dr. 
l obe's Office of Rotator Cuff Re· 
pair and a eason n the injured 
re erve list. 

Talking about Orel Hersheiser? 

The UCSD Guardian 

Rimes UzglrlslGuardian 
Deekla Marshall (r) scored one goal Saturday in UCSD's 10-51055. 
Gretchen Rubel. 

The second half. however, was 
all Gaucho. as UCSB took advan-
tage of it peed to control every 
loose-ball ituation. According to 
UCSD Head Coach Matt Holman, 
the problem wa stamina. 

"Weplayed well, but we ran out 
of steam at the end," he aid. 

In the fir t 15 minutes of the 
half, U SBexploded for four goals 
while the Tritons cored only once, 

Could be. But you could also be 
talking about Ramon Martinez in 
two months if the young phenom 
holds out for a long time. 

• Tony Gwynn is a marvelous 
baseball player. He wins balling 
titles annually, plays the outfield 
like Willie Mays, and is a whirl-
wind on the ba es. But his salary 
doe not belong in the Can eco-
C lemenS-Strawberry zip code. 

Gwynn can't dominate a game, 
a series, or a year like the other 

on a penalty hot by Rubel. Despite 
the 10 s, the Tritons were stil1 op-
timistic after the game. 

"Our defen e was outstanding 
today, e pecially Igoalie) Nancy 
Reagan and Michelle Rei s," said 
Rubel. 

Sophomore Deekla Marshall, 
who had one goal, agreed with 
Rubel. "We played up and down 
all day, but our defense was steady 
and kept us in the ganle," she said. 

three, and hedocsn ' t fit in with the 
'Terrible Three orne' either. 
Gwynn is a respected member of 
ociet)' and hasn ' t been locked up 

in a playpen in the last five years. 
• Some people think they can 

rewrite the IO commandments ... 
like the genius in Seattle who traded 
for Benoit Benjamin. Thou shalt 
not associate thyself wilh Bounc-
ing Baby Ben. 

• The Seattle Supersonics? 
Yikes. 

SOFTBALL 
ContInued from ~ 24 
walk to second baseman Stephanie 
Molina. After Kathy Fogg reached 
on a fielder's choice, forcing 
Chaiken, the Cardinal miscues first 
came into play. 

First baseman Pam Harnack 
grounded a ball to shon. which the 
Stanford shortstop scooped 
cleanly, but herthrow skipped past 
Cardinal first baseman Tamara 
So nick. The resulting three-base 
error allowed both Molina and 
Fogg to score. Hantack later scored 
on another Stanford error. 

Triton staner Kim Stutzman 
scattered six base runners over the 
first four innings before allowing 
the first two runners to reach base 
in the top of the fifth. This brought 
Jarrel to the mound, and junior 
Dianna Moreno into the game. 
Moreno shut the door the rest of 
the way, allowing only one hit while 

HOCKEY 
Continued from page 22 
NHL minor league teann or some-
thing. We just want to play well, 
and have a good time." 

The teann currently has a deal 
with the San Diego Gulls. In ex-
change for ticket sales, the Gulls 
aJlow the Tritons to play in the San 
Diego Sports Arena after Gulls 
games. 

According to the players, the 
turnouts so far have been small, 
but enthusiastic. 

"We have a core group of fans 
who come out to see us every 
game," Hsu said. 

Monday, February 25, 1991 

striking out two. 
For Moreno. it was lhe icing on 

an excellent weekend of pitching, 
as she also posted a win in Friday's 
doubleheader. 

The pitching was olid all 
weekend. In the second game of 
Saturday's doubleheader, fresh-
man Lacie Mounger pitched a 
complete game to notch her first 
collegiate win. 

Once again, the offen ecame in 
spurts, thi time with a fifth-inning 
rally to break open a tight 3-2 game. 
The highlight of the inning was a 
steal of home by Chaiken. on the 
back end of a delayed double steal. 

] arrell said after the game that 
she was impressed with Mounger's 
first win. 

"She had good speed through-
out the game. It was good to give 
her a complete game, to get her 
confidence up." 

The Tritons upped their record 
to 4-2, while Stanford fell to 9-7. 

"It would be nice to get more 
people out to see us though." 

"People who talk about the need 
fora football team at UCSD should 
come out and see us," Gould said. 
"As a spectator sport , hockey is as 
exciting as it gets." 

Regardle s of fan attendance, 
the growth of the hockey team is 
just in its first phase. 

Future plans include moving up 
in divisions. 

Andreassi, however, wants to 
make sure that the players don't 
forget the bottom line. 

"Weju t want to take things as 
they come, and have a good time 
doing it," he said . 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

BE A LEADER AT 
UCSD ~~~£~~[L 
[Q)~~~@[NJ~WJ 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

rt.IT, APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 Camino Santa Fe 

l .'9'=t Miramar, California 
(619)450·3323 

• 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1991 ASUCSD 

ELECTIONS! ! ! 
FILING DATES: March 6th thru 15th 

8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 

LAST DAY TO FILE: April1st 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 8:00 am to 4:00 pm : 

• WHERE: In the A.S. Office, Third Floor 
Price Center, SEE ANNA! 

EXECUTIVE: COMMISSIONERS; 
President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 

• 
• Vice President External Affairs 
• 

Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

SENATORS; Operations, Services & : 
: Sophomore, Junior and Senior 
• 
• Senators for: Muir, Revelle, 
• 
• Third, Warren, and Fifth 
• 
• 

• Enterprises • 
• University Center Board. 
• 
• 
• 

:For more information, call 5344450. 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Monday, February 25,1991 

M. V-BALL 
Continued 'rom page 24 
spectively, on the nighl. 

Whereas the blocking stood out 
in game four, a resurgent offense 
led the charge to victory in the 
decisivefifihgame, in which points 
are scored by winning a sideoul. 

" If we play sideout volleyball, 
we're going to win," Graybill said, 
adding that the Tritons are much 
bener at getting the sideout than 
scoring points. 

The offensive catalyst for the 
decisive fifth game was junior 
Gerry Goldstein, who led the way 
with 29 kills and 13 digs. 

"Gerry played another hell of a 
match .... He's lhe nail of the team 
right now. He's doing it aU, and 
doing it well," Graybill said. 

Other keys to the Tritons' suc-
cess included the improved middle 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 24 
wasted a brilliant pitChing perfor-
mance by junior Bryan Thomason. 

"They couldn't touch him for 
10 innings straight," catcher An-
thony Sanchez said. 

"At the same time, we were 
swinging at bad pitches all day, 
and couldn't seem to get anylhing 
going offensively." 

Thomason (0-2) surrendered a 
solo home run in the top of the 11th 
that proved to be the difference in 
the game. UCSD came up score-
less in the bottom halfofthe inning, 
as it had for the entire contest, and 
dropped its sixth game of the year. 

On Saturday afternoon, the 

The UCSD Guardian 

Brian Morrl8lGuardian 
Chris Romey (I) and Lawrence Werner teamed up for this block. 
quick -set attacks, which the Tritons 
practiced for an hour before the 
match. 

Brent Couture added 23 kills, 
made even more impressive by his 
mere four errors. 

Graybill noted that Couture may 

Tritons lost 8-3 to Southern Cali-
fornia College in a game that saw 
UCSD'soffensive difficulties spill 
over into other areas of the Tri-
tons' play, as lhey committed a 
whopping seven errors on defense. 

"If we hit lhe ball like we're 
capable of, I think we could over-
come our defensive problems," 
Sanchez said. 

"Our pitching, unlike we ex-
pected, is holding up pretty well . 
We just need to get our bats going, 
and we need to start playing fun-
damental defense." 

Brent Hansen (2-2), coming off 
an outstanding performance 
against San Diego State, took the 
loss after pitching on only three-
days'rest. 

have benefitted from his platoon-
ing with Rob Crotty. Unli.ke the 
first Slug contest, Graybill changed 
his substitution pattern to keep a 
Triton setter in the back row when 
needed, allowing three taller 
players to play up at the net. 

W.HOOP 
Continued from page 24 
opened strong, riding their defense 
to a 19- 11 lead. 

"I think that we shut them down 
early and forced them to get out of 
their regular offen e," Malone 
commented. 

But the Eagles managed to get 
into a groove and began their 
shooting assault. 

Behind a barrage of six lhree-
pointers , including one at the 
halftime buzzer, the Eagles look a 
37-32 halftime lead, and never 
looked back. 

"I think it was their outside 
shooting that hurt us more than 
their inside play." Malone said. 

SPORTS 17 

Triton Swimming Tunes 
Up for National Meet 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Tritons made a splash in 
their final IUneup for nationals at 
this weekend 's Pacific Collegiate 
Swim Conference Championships 
in Las Vegas. UCSD qualified six 
more swimmers and all IO of its 
relay teams for next monlh's na-
tional championships in Georgia. 

[n addition, three of its swim-
mers broke school and conference 
meet records. The men took third 
placeintheeight-teamevent, while 
the women finished fifth . 

Several Tritons posted career 
bests, the most impressive being 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 24 
stead travel to face third seed 
Wartburg (IA) on Saturday. 

But it's not as though the Tri-
tons will be navigating through 
completely uncharted waters Sat-
urday. 

UCSD traveled to Claremont 
earlier this month, defeating the 
Stags 97-86 in a hard-fought over-
time contest. 

Tim Rapp led the Tritons with 
40 points that night. but perhap 
the key to the Tritons' victory was 
senior point guard Darvi n Jackson' s 
II steals - including five in 
UCSD'sdecisive 19-8 overtime -
against the Stags. 

The biggest obstacle in the Tri-

Sabrina Lum, who broke the con-
ference record in the 200 fly . Travis 
Mil1er also set conference records 
in both the 100 and 200 back troke 
events while Christy Parker broke 
the school record in the 50 freestyle. 

The six people who qualified 
completed the Tritons ' national 
championship roster. The men will 
take IO swimmers to nationals and 
the women 16. 

Perhaps the unluckiest Triton 
- and the one who had the best 
meet - was Judd Glasser who 
swam career bests in three events, 
missing qualifying times by a grand 
total of less than half of a second. 

tons' wayen route tothe next round 
come in the person of Claremont's 
6'8" shooting guard Chris Greene, 
who threw in 33 points on 13 of21 
shooting in the last meeting. 

Assuming the Tritons do get 
past Claremont, they will have a 
tough road ahead in order to reach 
the Final Four, no les win the 
NCAA tournament, because all of 
their remaining contests would be 
on the road . 

The winner of Saturday night's 
game will travel to play the winner 
of a second-round Great Lakes re-
gion match up between Wittenburg 
(26-2) and Otterbein (26-2). 

The next round would probably 
be at either another Great Lakes 
venue or at another Western Re-
gion site. 

- 'NNIFER HAS AN 
JEGLY SECRET. · · 

Are you a college 
student who worked 

during 1990? 
Maybe IRS owes you 

a tax refund! 
We have a "Refund Analyzer''TM computer program (5" mM 
compatible disk) that analyzes your tax situation. Answer these 
five Yes/No questions to see if it can help you. 

~ N2 
( ) ( ) 1. My income is only from W-2s and interest. 
( ) ( ) 2. fm single with no dependents. 
( ) ( ) 3. I have no deductions, including an IRA. 
( ) ( ) 4. fm between 14 and 64 years of age. 
( ) ( ) 5. My total income for 1990 was less than $20,000. 

If you answered yes to all five questions, men our program will 
help you. To receive the Refund AnalyzerTM, just send $4.95 
check or money order to: 

Student Tax Service 
P.O. Box 880194 
San Diego, CA 92168 

Include your name and return address. 



18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 2S, 1991 

.- ft· ------------- ~ --I 

'# LB~ C[]py ~+ : Effort Not Enough For Men's Tennis SPORTS ·.( IT! ,-, 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOWME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & r.OMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CAROS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABlE 

3211 HoUdtIy a (ne:cllo Domino's PlzzIJ) • 452-9949 
M -F 8 :30 6 p m . t· l .'. q 
Sat 1·4 p m V. ,'h UCSO 10 

------------------------. : NOW THROUGH SUNDAY I 

: SUNGLASS : 
TRADE-IN: 

SALE! 

I 

No one can faul! the UCSD 
men's tennis team for trying, but 
effort i n 't always enough when it 
comes to facing a uccession of 
Division J opponents. In the Tri-
tons' second match of the season. 
they managed to wrench only two 
matche from the University of 
Hawaii, in a 5-2 10 son Thur day. 

The Tritons won only twice 
again on Friday afternoon, falling 
7-2 to USD. 

Thur day afternoon, Chad 
Morse picked up one of the Tri-
ton ' win , defeating Hawaii 's 
Mark Willman 6-2, 6- 1 at number 
two ingles. Caner Hendrick 
knocked off Lee Killell4-6, 6-0 , 7-
5 to notch the other. 

The worst new of the day for 
the Tritons carne at number four 
singles, where lohn Cro injured 
hi ankle. According to Head 
Coach Jon Hammermei ter, the 
injury was a severe sprain. 

"I'm not really urpri ed [with 
the 10 ]. They are Divi ion I after 
all. but we did beat them last sea-
son," Hammermeister aid. 

Friday at USD, Morse again 
pocketed one ofUCSD's two wins, 
beating J.J. Shoba 4-6, 7-6, 6-2. 
Chris Belloli rruggled, and was 
blown away by Frederick Axsater 

I 3t number one singles 6-3, 6-0. 

Bring In any pair of .ungl ••••• In 
an, conelltlon, anel w.'lllak. 30% 
oH the purcha.e prlc. of • ne. pair 

30% OFF 
with trade-in and coupon 

..... ,.u. 
~ ... PrIct 
IAYIAN· $62.25 
Sugg. retail from S83. 'w.d. ClaYc WoyIanr 

YUAlNn 
Sugg. Reloillrom $75 

SUNCLOUD 
Sugg. Reloil from $70 

SEUNGml 
Sugg, Retail from $114 

GARGOYU 
Sugg. Retcillrom $65 

LAUIA IIAGIOm 
Sugg, Reloil from $95 

BODY GLOYE 
Sogg. Reloillrom $24 

$51.99 

$41.99 

$91 .20 

$58.50 

$75.00 

$12.00 

c..p._Prk. 
b!! 
$43.51 

$36.40 

$29.40 

$63.14 

$40.95 

$52.50 

$1.40 

Abo say. 30% on fa .. UI Itra ... Ilk. 
REYO, WIlD, IILUR LOOP 

and Mny •• re! 
Nurry I .. anti laY. now. 

Wlth .. is ad only thru 3/3/91. 

GUARAtITEE: 

Limil one trade-in discount per sungloss purchased. 
All trade· ins will be donated 10 charity. 

Bring In any retail co~titor sunglass ad and we'. sell you tile 
same item tOf 5% less than their adver1ised price: 
'Relail competitGr ITlJ5t be in stock on item advertised. 

The Sunglass Leader 

• 

• 
• I 
• 
• 
• I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 
I 
I 

LA JOlLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DRIVE #«)1 • 535{)365 I 
_._-_.-.---_._------_ .. -

He was vindicated somewhat at 
number one doubles as he paired 
with Morse to beat Akiotta Mar-
shaka and Axsater 4-6,6-3, 7-6. 

The two losse dropped the Tri-
tons to 0-4. 

- Andy Gayton 

WOMEN'S TENNIS 
The UCSD women ' tennis 

tearn defeated Westmont 6-3 in a 

Brien Morris/Guardian 
Chad Morse notched wins in 
both of his singles matches, but 
the team remained winless. 
five-and-a-half hour marathon 
Saturday in Santa Barbara, despite 
dropping the top two singles 
matches and the number one 
doubles match. 

The highlight for the Tritons 
came at number three singles, 
where Janet Whalen outl~sted 
Christen Abby 6-7. 6-3, 6-0. 

Whalen also combined with 
Nancine Hayden at number two 
doubles in a 6-3, 6-3 win over 
Abby and Shannon Griffiths. 

The win upped the Tritons ' 
record to 3-1. 

MEN'S LACROSSE 
The UCSD men 's lacrosse tearn 

dropped an imponant conference 
matchup Saturday to Arizona, fall-
ing 12-11 in ovenime at Tuscon. 

Juan Millan led the Tri tons with 
four goals and one assist. Chris 
Hodge added three goals. The loss 
dropped the Tritons' record to 4-4 

overall, and 2-1 in conference. 

TRACK AND RElD 
At a four-way meet in Los An-

geles. both the UCSD men 's and 
women' track and field teams 
finished second. 

Among the individual high-
lights was Scott Sargeant's harn-
mer mark of 196'9", which broke 
his own school record, set last year. 

Erica Wa hington broke the 
school record in the lOO-melerdash 
with a time of 12.10 seconds. 
Washington also qualified for the 
NCAAs in Ihe 200-meter dash. 

Other qualifier included 
DebbieHargroveinthedi cus,and 
Bobbie Octavo in the javelin. 
Octavo' javelin mark of 133 '5" 
broke the school record. 

ICE HOCKEY 
The UCSD ice hockey team 

defealed SDSU2-0 Saturday night, 
to up its record to 13-1-2. Leigh 
Hsu led the Tritons with a goal and 
an assist. 

FENCING 
The UCSD women's foil team 

finished second in the Southern 
California Conference after Satur-
day's meet in Long Beach. Men 's 
foil finished third, and men 's epee 
placed fourth. 

The women ended the regular 
season at 11-7, and the men fin-
ished 10-8. 

According 10 Head Coach 
Alison Reid, Grant Dawson and 
Chris Moody had outstanding 
perfonmances. 

UCS D will travel to Long Beach 
next weekend for the Western 
Regionals. 

Monday, February 25, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

~ THE WEEK IN SPORTS/FEBRUARY 19-24 
SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 

.... MEN'S BASKErBAll 
,.. 22-3/hosts Claremont in second round 

.... WOMEN'S JASKETBALL 
,.. 21-5/15-game winning streak ended 

.... MEN'S VOLLEYBAll 
,... 5-7/defeated UC Santa Cruz in five games 

.... BASEBALL 
,.. 2·7/has lost two in a row 

.... SOFTBALL 
,... 4-2/has won four in a row 

.... MEN'S TENNIS 
,... O4/I05t to USD and Hawaii 

.... WOMEN'S TENNIS 
,.. ~l/defeated NAJA Westmont 
UPCOMING EVENTS , 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SPORTS 
DIlle Event TImt 

Feb. 26 M. VolIl¥>all at San Diego State 8:00 p.m. 
Baseball v. Cal Baptist 2:00 p.m. 
Softball at Redlands 2:00 p.m. 

Feb. 28 Softball at CSU Dominguez Hills 1:30 p.m. 
Mar. 1 M. Tennis 

at Pacific Coast Doubles Tourney all day 
W. Tennis v. Claremont 2:00 p.m. 

Mar. 2 M. Basketball: Second Round West 
Regional, hosts Claremont 7:00 p.m. 
M. VolIl¥>all v. UC Irvine 7:00 p.m. 
Baseball at CSU San Bernardino Noon 
Track and FIeld at Aztec Invite 9:00 a.m. 
W. Tennis v. Western Michigan 10:00 a.m. 
M. Tennis 
at Pacific Coast Doubles Tourney all day 

XTRAMURAL SPORTS 
DIlle . Event TIme 

Mar. 1 Rugby at Arizona State 1:00 p.m. 
Mar. 2 C}<cli~ at UC Santa Barbara all day 

Saili~ v. USC at l.A. Yacht Club all day 
W. Lacrosse at Whittier 11:30 a.m. 

Mar. 3 Ice Hockey at Cal Tech 11:30 a.m. 
Rugby at Arizona 1:00 p.m. 

Mar. 9 C}<cling at Long Beach State all day 
W. Lacrosse at Claremont Noon 

Mar. 12 Rugby at San Diego State 5:00p.m. 

TRACK & FIELD 

T __ 

WOIEIt CSl.U 17t l.CSO 168: oc _10; CII "'" 
_10, 
l1li tal Poly ......... 182: ocso 159; CSlIA 122, LC 
_66. 

-_: 
_ JAVELW- L c.oo... _ (CSl,Uj. 

140·I·:2._OttMiUCSOI.133T:1 Nrct-
(l.CSO). loe-S·. TlII'U Jl.U'- L ...... LXI> ~ 
33',': 2. Don rru (\ICSO!. 316 1/2': 1 8ecII c.r 
(CSruj, 31'33/4', HIGH W- LOrwot KiIoan ~ 
5'6';2. SusMlCIrist'(IJt$OI . 5·01/'·:1~W_ 
(CSUlAj,S'2I1" , U 100 WETEJIRIlAY- L<l'I'. 09.33; 
2. OCSO 49.~: 3. UCI! '" lITO, 1lOO IIETtA$-L Nt ..... 
'_(Ia).,,0l.29;2 DeroscMcfO)(lMI\.CSO),,:U84: 
1 I ..... "'" ICSOUI. 0:.a98. 0ISCU5- L _ 
0ucJ0y iUCSOI.155· 4': 2. 0e0Iie Hope I\ICSOL 146' S': 

3.~I'NIipIICSI.IAj.I05'5·, 100 MEl£R 1UlCU5--
LO"" ..... I\ICSO, 1&16:1 ~w.iOOI). \8.48; 
11....., Kem lIJCS(l). 19.50- 0J IIETtA$- L ...... 
cnt(CSl.Uj.5IA5;2. __ tuCII).57.56;1 
lIlJI ~ (CSI.Uj. ~~ 8l) toI[1(JI5-- L _ 
__ (CI'!'J. ~15.6t; 2. Socom> v.., ICSUW 
~16.89: 3. I ..... "'" (CSU\.\). ~19. n. \00 MmRS-
L Enci W ..... I\.CSOI. IUO; 2. ........ RcIpI 

(tSW), 1131: 1 CtoI)I _ ICSI.UI. 12.35. 0J 
MEl£R HUIIIIUS- L _ JJIiOlSkI (UCSO). LO&. 70; 2. 
~ IMDIor iUCSOI. L1)l.\4: 1 .....,. W. ~, 
L'OI,49. 1Of«i UI'- t .... 11ft RJliIIlCSUW. I9'3 
3/0'; 2. Din ..... (\JCSOI. I~O 3/" ; 1 8ecII c.. 
(CSruj, 16'2 31" lOO II£TEJIS. .... 1- L .... <nrt 
(CSUlAj, 24.93: 2. Er<I W ....... I\JCSO). 2$.08: 1 
Cl*!I _ (CSlMj. 25.43. JIOO M£1V15-- L IIo$a 
Cwts iCSW). UU1JO: 1_ ~11CSt.U). 
IIUI.]); 1 Yolrdal ..... iUCSOI. 10;.a60. 0 x 0J 
N{I[!! RIlAY- L CStAA. J:51.~ 2. <l'I'. ':02.10; 1 
UCII.'-'OI,4(). IIEJt __ L ScoII s.&tti (UCSOJ. 
196~'; 2. w ..... W-..... I0'I'l. 184'S'; 11'oMl1lNt1 
(CSILI). 114'9' . .IIV£lJI<.- L J ..... _ ICSW, 
l8!I'I': 2. _ s.....ets ICSILI).l83'I·: 1CU1a c.s 
iOCSO~ \58'3'. LOM; AM'- t ZObnIllftonllllCSW, 
2O'11/'·:2. PhiI,..,., (CPP),2()·53/'·:1ItJarR.dl 
(CPP), 20'33/4'. SHOT P\II- L lion WI1tn iCft'). 46'6 
3/0'; 1 o.o,nt W-_ Icsw., 44'8 114': 3. MarwI 
_ (UCSO). 43'10 3/'" ,X 100 RWY- L CSW 
43.~: 2.l.CSO. 41B5: 1 UCR. 44.54. 1lOO WET£R$- L 

W. BASKETBALL 
R£SUI.TS 
co 11 UCS063 

BOX SCORES 

CIItsI CciIIII ~ IniII n, UCSD 63 
ca.Iot~,,_ 

MilR;.\fT~RApr 
CaooI __ 7 H 04) 0 0 2 
<nil __ 29 J.4 2·2 6 5 9 
Itotde _ .... __ 2 ()() 04) 0 0 0 
_ _ 20 :Ii 04) 0 8 
Kido ,_32 4-12 2,3 3 1.1 
Geisler • __ .29 3i 04) 6 6 
R.cII • ___ 25 2-5 2·2 6 
_ _ .. ___ 28 !HS ~5 , 21 
... _. ___ ~ 4-7 04) 4 0 5 8 
lCUiI . __ • ___ . lOO 2958 ~12 2' 16 20 73 

~ AoId .,.., !50.~ ... IIIoWs. ~.Ol 
~""'-S15(1Qth3i._2~.Gdf I· 
1._GILT, .. _-I~ __ -5 
(lltjlr2. __ ~T"'-'-211.7. 

QoII6._1f1ich2,_,MidI.~_-
41Gn112. Milll.fIich' r_Wl- ...... 

-
Mil R;.\ fT.I R P T 

_ __ .. __ 39 Sl1 ~5 I 1 20 

~_33 "S ()I' 2 0 
IUIo ____ 8 105 04) 0 0 2 
Jonvn • ____ 34 2-5 2-2 5 1 6 
c. ... '1._ .. 4 ()() 04) 0 I 0 0 
Y .... ' ____ l9 HI 4-1 13 , 3 18 
SchoII ___ 1 04) 04) 0 0 I 0 
_ _ 2J S12 H 5 , 5 1.1 
0iG0II> ___ ._ 19 ()2 04) 2 0 0 () 
TCUiI __ , 2002451 12,19]) 20 13 63 

S/1ootic; Roll .,., 42.1" ... IIIoWs. 63.211. 
~",,-J.4~J.4' 1 ... _-8. 
_ ..... -I IV....,. T_ -18 ~ e. 
Jonvn3.~2. Y ..... 2._2._2. 
Cno'fIj. _- u ~3..-1 Y ..... 
3.Jonvn21 T_IIUII- ..... 
c:a J7 .- 71 
_ 82 u- II 

~ 
.. ·························~I I UCSD SPECIAL! / I 

",. "-.. a warm, party • 
r As til"'" ~ • 
.. «""VI atmospbere .. ·for ,...-~~. 

, ....,. serious pizza eaters ... " p,,,, .1 , m...... Jack Wbltc, Channel 10 ''''-'I~'' 
....... restaurant critic • 

M-Th II.-Mid- • 
i F-Saf.II .. -I - Tired oifthe same 01' cardboard hizza? • \ Sun. II;3OGr11-Mid ):,.. 

.r:or."'~'IIII'I'!II""::I-:- Call B1's for gourmet quality. • 
• r-----------r----------il • I : 'I!!!! I $2!!:!!: .. 1 
• I 1"--~'0fIII0't""~ I ,,*-~couponwbtmorrWfng. I •• 
I L __ ~·~~~~ ___ L __ ~·~~~ __ ~ 
• • 
• 8873VWalaJoIIaDr- fAJoIlaVfl~geCenler 455·0662 • I UCSD's Original Pizzeria ts still tbe besl! F..>pIrrsYI1191 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

s.......,.,.(Ia).l:S8.59:2._SpnoI~4:OO.46; 
1 c.,.. (cpp). 4:05.00, UOM£TERS HUlllU5- L-' 
Ntadow1 iIICSOL 16.18; 2, Esom 1tl'P). I6.29. 400 
II€T£RS- L p"", !nI;o (CSUI.\). 4UJ; 2. _ 
(CI'!'J. 49.88; 1 UrtlI o.o.iIICSOl. 50-'5, 100 I4mRS-
L f1o}d (cpp). IL~ 2. ~_ (CI'!'J. 11.20.1 JoIn 
HonsIey (CSIAAJ, ILl!. 8l) M{T~ L _ID'!'). 

tS1.l0:2· S/InI1_(UCRLt~69;lwt.da 
(CI'!'J. L"58.95. 1tGH JUMP- I an..1tkaHtJ (CSW). 
6'U': 2 . ..., C«IIo (ucsoL 6'3'; 1 Cleo 1'IIIl>I11JCRl. 
6'3' . lOO 1I£TtRS- L Jam HnI!y (CSUlAj 22 35: 2 
AeedI<l'l'L 22.' J:1FlojdItCPI. 22.51. OISCV5-I. Con 
W ...... ~.I64·8· :2._Sa1Hi(l.CSO).I5JT: 

1~_(CSWj,151'8'lRI'lEAI"'-I_ 
SIodo Il.CSOL '3'8';2. St", ~ 1IJCRl. 4110 3/4': 
3. PIIiI """'ICPP), '1'1/2'. l:XIO MElERs-I._ 
Ilodo!dIItCPL 10:07.)):2_ Jooys..t<ll(SO!. UUS,CO; 
1lfllHillooI\JCSlll.IUII!8. 

M, BASKETBALL 
DfYlSlOlif III RANIlINGS 
• '" r.o.a, Xl. 1991 

L _.'''NY) (210! 
1_'_12·11 
1 SIIom SUllo In U 
.. Hope c..,. i22-U 
1 UCIoo.,.. lm) 
6. CoMn CoI$ III) (22.3) 
7, W<lIttItllIOH) 125-3) 
8. RnIo/Pl ...... (22.2) 

~ W-lIOIIbIt&lQtln21 
IO,W_(2IJ) 

DMSIOH III NCAA TOURNAMOT RnI ... __ -.... 

_.-""" 
I1u1cItr 
_125-J)aCMo(22J) 
8e1tIeI1I1-IO!.CelltliII~ 

s.~ 
W'mr~. Hope 124-1) 
- terctaI/lle1ilef a w.u..q (22.4) 

-... s.MIor 
Wi1!rtool (l&l) alllt_Il&l) 

_(22~).lCSD(22,J) 

WOMEN'S TENNIS 
RESUlTS 

INIIMDUAlIlOUlTS ucso ... _ 
SIQ£S - 50I00I ~ d. INbaIUCSOL ~2 , 60: 

1b'C~4_(UCSOP6. tKl, I·S:_ 
IOCSDI clloill1f (Wr!In1n). S7, 6160: IjrdIIl.CSDI cl 
GtIfh (WesItrar), 4'- tKl. ~3; I'm iUCSOI ~_ 
(\I'estI'IIonI), 6-4. 6&. 0InIer (UCSD) cl _ 
('I/t5ImoIl). 6-2. SI 
OOUBUS - SeioeI/OIIIrI (WeSln'OlI oS. NbI/WIIIIen 
IUCSOI. 2~. 60. 6-4: 11'III'H.,.,.,,(UCSOIG./lt1f{:Aft1"ts 

(Ij~. 6-3. 6.): Y'mjHouw (lJCSO) 4 ~/ 
Enrdoon~. 2~. tKl. S2. 

MEN'S TENNIS 
RDULTS 

Howtid. UCSO ~2 
~ d.l.CSO J.2 

INDIVIDUAl RESUlTS OCSO ... _ 
SlNGlL\ - SoI'In l\1li) ~ 8tII>Ii 1UCSO).l~, St Mcnt 
(lCSO) 4 W-j..., (1.11). ~2. &1; IWcl {\lit) o. Y .... 
I\JCSO). &3. &2: IUoVnIs (\JIt) cl ()Qu (IJCSO). 46. r. 
1 ~3: Oil (\JIt) d. -IOCSDI. tKl, 46. 7~:_ 
IUCSOI ~ Met! (UIt) ... , tKl. 7~, 
00UIlES -1\iIeIV!MI {\lit) cl -/!mil) I\ICSOL 
SlU 
UCSO ... ~ 
SIIQtS - _ (USOJ! _ (IJCSO).6-3. 6&. Mcnt 
IUCSO) o. _ (1Sl),4'- 7~. &2: -. (USOJ 4 

Y_(\JCSOI.6-4.&~r.otiUSO)d._IlICSO).6-I, 
60: -IUSO!! -I\.CSOI. 6-1.&2; __ 
IUSO! d. -liJCSOI.6-2, 1>1. 
OOla.£S - 8t11>1i/lble IUCSO) d. ~_ 
Iuso), 46, 6-3, 7~ ~ Iuso) 4 YmI/IIiUII 
iOCSO),6-4, 7~: SewftlSi!oom(USO)o. ~ 
iUCSOI6-2. U 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

' •. " .......... .. 
U MQl'1t -. .... ~ 

'~ --

Catcher Cindy Murphy chases a foul pop vs. CSUSB. 

BASEBALL 
IIEIUlTS 
CoI$ 01_ I.l.CSO 0 III ....... , 
Sdom Coifor'III CoIeee a. OCSO 3 

SOFTBALL 
RESULTS 
l.CSO 1. CSU Sal _ 0 
l.CSO 3. CSU Sal_I 
l.CS06._2 
l.CS06._3 

$9 HAIRCUTS 
HAIR COLORING 
PERMS FROM 
$40 

XTRAMURALS 
MEN'S lACIIOSSE 
.wmo 12. UCSO il iOn 
WOMtN'$ LACROSSE 
UCSIIIO. UCSO S 

M. VOLLEYBALL 
RESULTS 
OCSOcl OC s.u0Ul17,15.1H5. ISIl . I~1l. 15-
12 

PACIFIC BEACH: 
1447 Garnet Ave. 

".. COlLEGE: 273-CUTS 
. .1..tJN" 6686 EI Cajon Blvd. 

t-\INI \,oV'" . 463-5052 OC EAN BEACH: 
<lB82 Newport Ave. 

HILLCREST: 222.3777 
<109 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 



" 

20 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 2S, 1991 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
J_lah Campus Cenlers provides warmth, 
educ;alion, prayer, sodallzlng, Conne<:! with 
Unkln 01 Jewish Studentsl 502 Matthews; 
east of tile Price Center. Call Rabbi SIotnk;k, 
534-2521. (lfl-3It5) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
CREATIVE guitar player looking to Iorm 
bend or enter existing one. Needs IIddiIionaI 
gullar, ball, drummer , and alnger. 

Ke~ welcome. l.ooking to playlwrile 
origNII n do cover songI . No Reggae, 
Dead or BealIH lanatics. Call Dave at 558-
3705. (2125-314) 

"You <:an no more win a warthan you can win 
an earthquake: Jaanneue Rankin (1880-
1973) (1117-2124) 

Boost your resumel PicII up an application 
fOl the Golden Key National Honor Society 
at USB 4000. Applications due March 20th. 
Juniors ar>d seniors willi minimum 3.4 GPA 
are eligible. (1128-3114) 

When seconds counl, blelthe a little easier 
with MICRO·MED. The ml<:rolilm medk;al 
1.0 . Card that could possibly sav. your lifel 
MICRO-MED Is an asset 10 everyone's lile 
young/old, Ill1web. Call Gabrielle (619) 546-
8014. (211/-2128) 

Classified advertising is sold in i5-word incremenls. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person_ Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lalo/la, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A , top floor. 

Wanted: Subjects from the New England 
Irea needed for mus ic percepUon 
~Nomuslc;.xperience~. 
$10/h0ur. Cd 558-1385. (2125-2128) 
loYely WUhlngton D.C. TENNIS CLUB 
NEEDS 1 .. I.tlnl pro. for summer. 
EJq)IriInce -.ching junior ~ Ind rocaIfIa 
reqund. Teach member1 01 oongraa. While 
Houee, n media- Very exciting. Coach 
Kemper - Box 2228 RanCho SanIe Fe, CA 
92067. (619) 759-0735. (2125-2128) 

Medical n Graduate slUdents-heip tuIOr 
Medical SIUdents In Bask: Sc:Iencea SIIrIlng 
March 18, llM11. Eam $1 Mv. ConIactDave 
Hadler 714-856-4037. (1131 -314) 

Third College students Interested In writing 
for and worklng on a eludent run college 
newspaper, stop by tile Third College Dean'. 
Office, or call 534-4390. (2114-2128) 
JOB SECURITY FORTHE RESTOFYOUR 
LIFE. Laarn sales from a true professional 
and you will never worry again aboul your 
next paycheck. Sophomores - Juniors -
Seniors - Attend Bob lalrate's seminar 
March 2. See ad pg. 3. (2119-2128) 
Wednesdays are UCSD night al U Btewery. 
From 8:30 till closing you can get S 1. 75 pints 
of Ihe besl beer in San Diego. one laste and 
you'll come back for more. And don't lorget. 
lell 'em tile GUMdian senl you.(2121 ·3114) 

Fr .. Fr .. Free The Ethnographic Film Club 
Presents "The Gods MUSI Be Crazy" with 
"N 'aI :TheStoryOfaKungWoman,"Tuesday, 
February 26, Peterson Hall 104. Free Free 
Free (2121 -2/25) 
FreelAikidodemonslration and open house, 
Saturday March 2nd, 2-4 p.m. Spacial 
Introductory course during March, MW 6-7 
p.m., $60 Includes uniform. Leam the 
Japanese martial art of Aikido at a tr adlllonal 
school. Sunset Cliffs Aikido Is affiHaled with 
tile UCSD Aikido Club. Sunset Clitls AIkido, 
5085 Santa Monica Avenue, Ocean Beach, 
222-5085. (2125-2128) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Mosl docloral studenls (&4·9t %), after 
compIeling their course work. remaUl w~h 
a dissenalion pending ~tlon Indef .. 
nitely. Among lhese ABOs (AII-B: 1-lhe-
Dissenalion) are generally found the 
brightest and mosl crealIVe candidales. 
Addressmg lhose elements IOvolved In de-
laYIng completion, the workshop guides 
panlClpants, from beg"''''ng to folloWing 
Ihroogh and co~lellOn, panocularly aher 
years ol lnaclfVIty and regardless 01 where 
they are In the precess. 

Workshop Information 
985-0426 

Poslgraduale Group 

ANXIOUS? Nervoua?Tense? Volunt .. r lor 
FREE r .... rch sludles evaluating 
medications for anxiety. All sarvlcel art fr .. 
to suitable volunteers. 18 or older, c:alf 
Felghl18f ..... rch In8Iitute -' 554-0100. 
(2125-317) 
Use my word prcx:wsor (WP 5.0) In exch<wlge 
lor sitting In my ar1 gallery In Del Mar. 
Neatness and ple.,antness required. 
Regular schedule and 3-4 hour time bloc:ks 
preferred. Call 755-2494. (2125-2128) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari- Electrologist 1200 10 1500 halrs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
DIscounts. 558-46441226-1962. ( 1 / 17-31 1~) 

PASSPORT PICTURES II New al Cal Copy. 
Only 15.95. While you walt. Xeroxes ar>d 
more. Near SI. Genmalns. 452-9949. (1122-
616) 

WORD PROCESSING: Papers. Theses, 
Dl5sertatlons, Resumes, HlgheSI QualIty -
Lowest Prices, Laser Jellll , Campus Pickup. 
632-7974 . (214-2/25) 
COMPUTER RENTALS. Dally. weekly, 
monlhly rates. Hourly renlals on-she by 
appoIntmenl. Close 10 UCSD. 581 -6892 (21 
7-2128) 

FACIAL, BODYWRAP . WAXING, 
LASHTINT. 20% off first time clients . 
Pinwl1eels Costa Verde. 558-1858. (2119-31 
7) 

TAX PREPARATION. Very aecurate and 
reliable. Close to campus and studenl 
discounts. Call MIKE: 558-7853 (217 ·~11 ) 

TyplnglWord Processin\r- Fast, Accurate. 
Pick up and delivery. Call Sandy, 755-4316. 
(217-2125) 
Have you received your W-2 form yel? H not, 
notify your employer because you may qualify 
for an income tax refund. Find out more. JuSI 
look for the Student Tax Servioe ad irfloday's 
Guardian. (2114 -2128) 
JOB SECURITYFORTHE RESTOF YOUR 
LIFE. Learn sales Irom a lrue professional 
and you will never worry again aboul your 
next paycheck. Sophomores - Juniors -
Seniors - Anend Bob latrale's seminar 
MarCh 2. See ad pg. 3. (2119-2128) 

Roberl'sAuto 

...sA' " !' , '\ .. " 

German, Swedish ' 
Japanese Service 

• All Work Fully Guftl"8l1teed 
• Factory. Trained Specialists 

(619)275·1132 
Mon."Fri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Saturday. 8 _-6 pm 

• 
.. _-

4630 Mission Bay Drive (1-5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs· with this coupon 

• ... t moIor' 0IId t_miNion oou!told. Nut uoUd willa any otIa.tr 00IIp0fL 

Bmm TRANSFERIII Convert 8mm films to 
VHS. For one low prlcel Call nowl 619-272-
0868. (1128-2128) 

Math Moring. Competent, caring, help 101 
those overwhetmed. 0001 be distressed. 
Sludent ratel, cd, 483-7816. (2119-~1 1) 

Moequito Auto RepaIr. Subaru & Hondas_ 
By appointment 6est rates In North County. 
15 years prolessional experience. 758-2332. 
(2121~11) 

UPHOLSTERY BY GALE. Boats, 
Fumlture, Cushions, Pillows. Reasonable 
rates. Oceanside 758-2332.(2121 ~11 ) 

GET YOUR MOTOR RUNNINGI Low COSI 
tune ups- 4 <:yt . $29.99, 6 <:yt. $39.99, 
includes sparIt plugs. timing adj., carburetor 
adj. Smog Check only $19.99. C&D AUTO 
CARE. 558-2436.(2121 -3114) 
WORD PROCESSING everything from term 
papers to resumes. 24 HOUR SERVICE 
AVAILABLE. 7-DAYS A WEEK. 450-0812. 
(2119-317) 

GREAT DEALS IN EYECAREI Daily solt 
conlacts SS9, extended wear lenses $89, 
selected glasses $39 - Include. exam, 
care kil, and follow upl See Guardian ad for 
Dr. John McDonald- locations In Clafntmont 
279-5858 and Kensington 283-5858. (2125-
3114) 

ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? Volunteer for 
FREE re$Garch sludles .valuating 
medications 10' anxiety. All services are free 
to suitable volunleers. 18 or oider, call 
Felghnef R_rch lnalltute 81 554-0100. 
(2125-317) 
TyplngIWord processing. Term papers , 
theses, resumes. Near school, reasonable 
prices. 453-05921291 -9008. (2125-3114) 
TYPING AND EDITING. Rafse your grade 
with a professionally edited and typed paper. 
Fast. 755-9498. (2125) 

Your lime Is precious - leI me do itl Word 
processing, desktop publishing - papers, 
flyers , resumes, newsleners, etc. Plckupl 
delivery. Student rates. Call Sue al 291 -
1355. (2125-2128) 
Word Processing: Tenm papers, resumes, 
dissertations, RUSH J06S. (20 years). 453-
0656 (leave message; promplly answered). 
(2125) 
THE WO~!) PROFESSIONAL: Word 
processing, reports, speeches, dissef1ations, 
manuscripls, pr.sentations. Experienced. 
Laser. Siudenl Ratesl 753·5964. (2125) 

WANTED 
Need c.h? W. dellverl Domino'. PIZIII 
Is now hiring for all poIitiona. Management 
opportunities available. Complete training 
program. II you are 18 years old, have a YIIId 
driven 11cenae, auto Insurance, an .xcellent 
driving record, and acx:es. to a <:at , you can: 
Earn up 10 $10/ hr. (total comp.) Enjoy the 
freedom of being on the road, work flexible 
hours. APPLY TODAY I Domino'. Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Hofiday Ct. 452-UCSO. Please 
apply Ifter 3p.m. (1/10-616) 
Summer rnanagemenllntemshlp Interviews 
now taking place. Gain valuable experience 
managing a team 01 employees, customers, 
and suppliers. Succeuful applicants will 
undergo extensive training. Average summer 
earnings range 58-15,000. Call "Student 
Painters" for Information. 1-«lO-426-&441 . 
(1122-3111) 

Beet Fundnileera On-Campua. If your 
fraternity, sororfty or club is Interested In 
earning SSOO.OO - $1,000 for a one week, 
on-i:8mpU1 marXeling project? You must be 
wefl organized and hardworlllng. Lena (BOO) 
592-2121. (2125-2128) 
Tlred 01 low wages and long hours? 00 you 
want to eam more? (619) 758-4602. (214-41 
25) 

I need 200 people desiring wealth without 
the corporale rat race. Call 271-4940 lor 
Informallon. 271-4940 (217-512) 
FULL TIME RESEARCH ASSISTANTSHIP 
PSYCHIATRY DEPT. UC IRVlNE 1-2 YEAR 
POSITION. Slatisticaf, computer, cUnk;al, 
research experience prelerable. Work with 
PET, MRI data. For more Infonmalion call: 
Chad (714) 858-7861 . (2114-2125) 
Wanled: Subjects lrom Boston area needed 

form~Ic~~ooexpenme~No~ 
experience necessary. $10/h0ur. Call Dina 
aI558-I385. (2119-2125) 
Pan time help needed for . busy postal 
businesa. Appfy 7770 Regents Rd. "13. 
(Von's Center). (2119-2128) 

College Pro Plfnaer.- North America's 
largest studenl house painting company Is 
now accepting applications for summer 
management Internships. Successful 
applicants will '-"'" eX18naive training and 
gain valuable managemenl experience. 
Average summer eaming. range from 
$8000-$12000. Branches are fU11ng fUl. 
So act now. Call College Pro Palntara 
today 1-800-882·2762. (2121-314) 

NEVER WORN CONTACTS? VoIu"...,. Of 
d .. needed lor FDA Research Study on 
us. manuaII. Earn $20.00. No riIkI. One 
hour only. Call 535-1661 . (2125) 

Realauranl at La Job Beach hiring, <:OUnI8r 
help, pan lime S5.25111d up, no experience 
necessary, KEVIN 454-6038. (2125-2128) 

FOR SALE 
FUTONS BY WEIGHT. California 
AdmIniIIraIIve Code-Tille 4 Chapler3, Ar1icIe 
2, Section 1120. D-lO-requlres aluton'. 
filling net weight be known. We add IIcIdng 
(naturlll) and sell futonIlor $1 _4()( pcxrd. 
(Gross weight on our sallied Oetec:to scale.) 
An 8" queen, 70 pounds, 6 layers, is $98. 
The number Of layers In a futon Is hogwaah. 
Always know the weight 10 compare shop 
and be sure. For poIycore add S22 ($210). 
Rolli's Warehouse, 4807-F Mercury Street 
Thursdays, 12-7 p.m.; FridlYS, 12-6 p.m., 
Saturdays, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., Sundays, 11 
a.m.-4 p.m. 292-<4673. (In-2125) 
F utan - beautiful color, special Irlme, 
upgraded features, includes tables, ~, 
sacrifice $95, c;an dellv.r 226-1398. (214-21 
28) 

VESPA for sale. Rallye 200. Runs wefl. 
Good shape. $6OOIobo. Call Jeremy at 454-
8189. (2114-2125) 
Heyl This Is tile car lor you ..• N_I Rebuilt 
Datsun wagon. GREATI $110010b0. 299-
2561. (2114-2125) 
'81 Jeep CJ7 4CyI. S3K runs greal, soft top, 
many x-tr~. Must sell to pay lor Spring Otr. 
$4250. Call Daroid 271-6811 .(2114-3114) 
Bose MAS speakers. Never used (still In 
box), pUj $750 will HHfor1575. 270-8918, 
6 p.m.-12 a.m. (2119-2125) 

Hey Beginners I 2 used surlboatdll: 6'4" only 
$75 each. Wetsults 1001 Call 558-$)37. (21 
21-317) 

DISCOUNT AIRLINE TICKETS I Anywhere 
in the world . Great for vacations and 
inlervlews. Call Randy 558-2168. (2121-21 
25) 

DESK -large, locking file drawers. wood, 
highest quality, extremely solid, excellent 
condition. $21510.8.0. 558-2376. (2125) 
Red Horida Spree. Immaculate matching 
helmet, U-Iock, 80 mpg. $450. Francis, 755-
5856. (2125-2128) 

PARIS 
CELE 

SUMMER PROGRAM 1991 
Intersession: May 27· June 14 

Summer Session: June 17· July 26 
• More than 40 r"llUl8r 

o".rino' 'rom IN University', I ........ _ 
curricufum. 

• A 111, __ FrlllClI 
language InwMrsion 
program. 'Hturino 
cultural .. 1111119 tout. 
_ conYlfSllloft 

- . 

• II lIIor! cour .. on 
German unHocatlon 
culminating I .... live-
da)' sludy trip 10 ""fn. 

.. W_nd liCUfIIont: 
Normandy, Cl\ampegne. 
LOIre v.tley ~I., 
.ndo,-",. 

Send for our 1981 Sum_ Program Broeh,": 
The AlnerIcan Uniwrslty 01 ""'-
Summet .....- U.S. 0IIIct 
10 Easlm" SIIwl. SuM 434 _ YOItI, _1'OItI tOOO3 
Ttl. (2121 S"- 4110 1'.1. (212) 475-52115 

.. Seminar lOUrs on France 
ancIlN European 
eomlNlnlty witll .... 
York Unlwfllty. l1li 

U~ 01 rlus, lilt 
lJnl-.IIy 01 .... 
Hanlps/llre • 1nIerhoetIt, 
l1li UnIted ,..,..., 01 
TNcIIerI. 

TIll 
AMDICAN 
UNIVIU.TY 
or.AaII 

Monday, February 2S, 1991 

STING TICKETS I For MIlICh 30th conoert. 
Call 297-&457 (~). (2125-2128) 
IBM compatible UOM Supreme 286-Turbo 
12 MHz, 2SERI2PARlGame port, 250W 
power, expandable to 4MB onboata. 65MB 
Fast·28WS hatd-drlve, 1.2MB floppy, Super 
EGA display, 2400B modern, menus, any 
soflware you want, only $1200. Wilkie, 558-
6474. (2125) 

SCOOTER. 1985 Honda EIit. SOcc. UCSO 
parking pennit $450 O.B.O. Heather 559-
2374. (2125-2128) 

Sootpions concert March 11 . Firslrow, ~ 
level seats next 10 stage. Call Alex 458-
9845. (2125-317) 

'89 Red Honda Elite LX (SASO) ; IN 
EXCELLENT CONDITION. Parldng permit 
included. $650.00. Cat11 (4~1) . (2125-
314) 

Nissan Pulslt NX 1984, P.B. PIS, moonroof, 
MW tires, ballllry, 111,000 miles, $1950. 
MIle 453-2288. (2125-2128) 

HOUSING 
Del Mar Condo, 2 br/2ba, 1umIahed. poof, 
spa, ulllllle., beach. 5425 firat , 5850 
!hereafter. 931-69n_ (In-2I25) 
Townhouse av.aable Immedlatefy, near 
UCSD, $800 per monIh. Cd 272.e508. (21 
25-3114) 
LAJOUA CONDO. Own room.tIath. 2 mifea 
from c:ampuI: $39OImo, 113 utllilies. 535-
0715. (2111-2125) 
M/F Nonamotcat 10 aIwe 2 bdr., I 112 bIIh 
fumIahed~apl"'<*!1pW, pool, 
jacuzzi, canyonYIew. S35OImo., 112 utIitiea 
plus deposit. Available March 1 II. Call Uncia 
al 558-9025. (2111-2128) 

FREEl NOWI La JoDa Colony. Bedroom! 
Bath. Who: Clean female, no Smoking/pelS. 
Brian 455-1212. (2114-2125) 

S27Stmo. Female roommlll8 . La Jolla Shore. 
151& lasl plus$100 deposit. Fulon$50. 459-
1371, leave messages. (2119-2/25) 
Room In Clalremonl 10wnh0use •. Laundry, 
pool-spa. near busline. 1245 + 1/4 uti\. jack 
534-2591. (2121·2125) 

l.argemaslllrbedroomavailiblenearUCSO. 
Privale bllh, sundeck, wisher/dryer. 
Avaflable now through end of June. S430 
slnglel$5OOdol.Cleoccupanc:y + 113 utilities. 
259-1829. (2119-3115) 
ROOMS FOR RENT In HUGE 2-Story 3 
Bedroom Condol Only 5 minutes to UCSOI 
Washer IIId dryer in kltchenl Patio, pool, 
dishwasher, and morel Only $345IJ.Aonth. 
Call 558-2376.(2121-2125) 
RoomrnaW Wamd (M/F)II Own furnished 
room InspaclousbHeveioondo 15mln. from 
UCSD. In-house washer/dryer, cable lV, 
pooVjacuzzl; all amenitiesl S310/mo., no 
utilities. Call Stev. 271-6811 . (2121-314) 
LA JOLLA CONDO: 3 bedrooms, 
diahwuher, laundry, morel 5 minute. to 
UCSOI,1 050/month. 558-2376. (2125-2128) 

Roommate Wanted. Own room In 3 bedroom 
condo. 1315, 113util. Avail . late MarCh. 558-
0571. (2125-2128) 

UNIVERSITY CITY S275. 1 or 2 females to 
ahant nice 3 bedroom house (own rooms). 
10 mIn.toUCSO. Wuher/dryer, patio, piano. 
No amokenI, drugs, pets. Call MarX al 534-
2391 (message: 534-3383). (2125-2128) 
Single room In CIalremonl. Avail. March 1 at. 
$21UStmonth. 274-11242. (2125) 
FREEl UTC. Bedroomlbalhlpoof. For female 
who will leech me JapaneM. Message 481 -
2087. (2125-2128) 

Mira Mesa. ReaponsibIe sludent to share 4 
bedroom horne. Own room S280. call 549-
3971 . (2125-3114) 

Female non-smoker wanted for 2B012BA 
condo-apl Part. fum, tennis, racquelbal, 
volleyball, fitness center w/sauna, poole, 
jacuzzis, bbq, gated community w/alarm on 
apt $550 + 112 utlUties + depotIl. Cd Sandy 
587-0918. (2/25) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST CAT - LIGHT ORANGE Female 
long hair$IOO r_ard "OPIE. "Mesa housing 
area. Jack 558-0938. (1/28-2128) 
LOST Gold ring, lamUy cresl and inscription 
on face. High sentimental value, reward . Jim 
554-0373. (2119-411) 

The UCSD Guardian 

PERSONALS 
Third College students Interested In writing 
for ar>d WOIItlng on a student run college 
newspaper,stop by the Third College Dean's 
Office, or <:all 534-4390. (2114-2128) 
JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF YOUR 
LIFE. Laam sales from a true professional 
ar>d you witt never worry again about your 
next payche<:k. Sophomores - Juniors -
Seniors - Anend Bob Ialrate's seminar 
MarCh 2. See ad pg. 3. (2119-2/26) 
Louie- Good lucklomonow, Swing through 
II. Love Danielle. (2125) 

Carwash • Gas Station • Dry Cleaners 
• Grocery Store· One Hour P~oto· Florist 
• PostOffice • HairSalon • VideoStore • Bank 

• Restaurants • and many other retail stores. 

Hey Beginnersl2 used surlboards : 6'4" only 
$75 each. Welsuits tool Call 558-8037. (21 
21 -317) 

Had enough of weak, walered down beer? 
Want a beer that will sclnlillale the old laste 
buds? The La Jolla Brewery makes four 
beers thaI will please the most dlsceming 
palate. Check II out, and leilihem that the 
Guardian senl you l (2121 -3114) 

Renee, you rocked hard during Derby Daysl 
Congratulations Derby Queen Irom all your 
PI Phi sisters. (2125) 
After Finals. Sting concan tickets. March 
30th, good seals, need money, muSI sell, 
Alex 458-9845. (2125-314) 

CLASSIFIEDS 21 

Sigma Pi: Sunny slopes and hotter nightsl 
The ski Irip exchange was a blast. Love, the 
ski bunnies of ALPHA OMICRON PI. (2125) 

ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense? Volunteer for 
FREE research stud ies evaluating 
medications for anxiety. All services are free 
to suitable yolunteers. 18 or older, call 
Feighner R_arch Institute at 554-0100. 
(2125-317) 

Spend Spring Break in JACKSON HOLE 
with RISCI Five days 01 incredible powder, 
sun, and fun lTickets available at Box Office, 
but they're going lastl Delails call 534-4482 
or 273·2145. (2125-2128) 



22 SPORTS 

• UCSD hockey team works 
at sticking H to its opponents 
By Craig Elaten 
Staff Writer 

"UCSD ice hock.ey." 
Pardon? This is, after all, the land of fun in the sun, 

where rain is a front-page story and ice is found only in 
mixed drinks. 

Times are changing, however, as evidenced by the 
emergence of the UCSD ice hockey team, an extramural 
team with a decidedly odd mix of inexperienceand talent. 

For Revelle College sophomore Tom Gould, hockey 
has been a lifelong passion which began when he was a 
child in his home stare of New lersey. 

'There is something about the ice that' inyourblood," 
Gould aid. "Something that just makes you want 10 get 
our there and kate." 

Gould's thirst for the game is matched by several 
players on the team, including Revelle College junior 
Leigh Hsu. Hsu, the team leader in goals scored, says that 
hockey at UCSD is small, but growing. 

"Everybody who has come out to play has srock with 
it," Hsu aid. "We have people who put on skate for the 
fir t time one month ago." 

Junior Dan Meade, one of the more 
experienced players on the team, 
said that the inexperience of orne 
of the new player has shown 
through on the icc. 

"In our first game, we were out 
[for a face-off] and I had to stop to 
show some of the ncw players where 
to stand," Meade said. ''The referee got 
mad. but I told him Lhat some of our 
players had never played hockey before, 
never mind lining up for a face-off." 

Given such handicapping factors, the Tritons hould 
be struggling to keep their necks above the .500 line. 
Hardly. Witbacurremrecordof 13-1-2, UCSD has been 
at or near the top of the Pacific Collegiate Hockey 
Association (PCHA) all year. Not that the team's standing 
determines the players' every thought. 

"We' re just out there (playing] to have a good time. 
win some games. and have some fun," Gould said. 

To this point, hockey has been a well·kept secret at 
UCSD, rarely drawing large crowds, or press coverage. 
Part of the reason, the players feel. is the negative image 
usually associated with the spon. 

"P.R. for hockey has gone sour lately," Gould said. 
HMost people think that you go to a fight, and a hockey 
game breaks out." 

"We don't go out there [on the ice) looking to drop the 
gloves and fight. We just want to have fun," Hsu said. 

Don't for a second, though, drop the image of hockey 
as a physical spon. Picture, if you will, a 2LO-pound 
madman flying at you at 20 miles per hour, intent on 
knocking you off a 'puck the size of a mouse trap. The 
thought alone is enough to make a person wince. 

"We come off the ice dripping with sweat," Hsu said. 
"After a game, your whole body is sore, and you've got 

The Game 

The UCSD Guardian 

A SPECTATOR 'S GUIDE;," I' ." " 

your share of bruises." 
The PCHA includes traditional ath-

letic powerhouses USC and UCLA, as 
well as crosstown rival SDSU. The league 
gives UCSD a rarecbance to strut its stuff 
against the big boys, as evidenced by a 
13-1 pasting of UCLA earlier this season. 

"It's a great feeling to check somebody [from 
UCLA] and see them lying there," Hsu said. "They're 
such a big 5(;11001, and here you are beating the pants off 
them." 

"We're still pinching ourselves in disbelief some-
times," Meade said. 

UCSD's head coach is Gary Andreassi, who came to 
the team under rather unusual circumstances. An equip-
ment manager, he was contacted by Hsu, who was 
looking for some goalie equipment. 

"I got to know the guys, and then they asked me if I 
wanted to coach them," Andreassi said 

Accordi ng to the players, Andreas i brings a pleasant. 
Jow-key style of coaching (0 the team, something that is 
important with such an eclectic mix of talents and styles. 

"II's good to have a coach who's not full of rah-rab, 
pressure talk," Gould said. "After all, we're not some 

See HOCKEY, page 16 

The Goalie 
• k:e rockey is played I:¥ Iwo teams on a playing area calloo a rink (wtlctl is 200 feet 
long and 100 feet wide). Five players iYld a !J)alie for each team are a1IC7oVed on the 
ice at any time. They play three 2G-minute periods, trying to put the puck into the 
opposition's goal. The team with the most goals wins. 

• The goalkeeper 
defends a goal that is 
six feet wide and four 
feet tall. A team may 
have only one goal· 
keeper in a game at 
any time. However, 
another player may 
be substituted 
without goalkeeper 
privileges. 

Jeff QU8n1Guardian 

Monday, February 25,1991 

Some Tools of the Game 

• Headgear is mandatory 
for most competition . 

• Shoulder pads, 
shin pads, and 
elbow pads are 
worn underneath 
the un~orm. In 
addition, goalies 
wear chest 
protectors. 

• Skates must be of an approved 
design - skates specifically built for 
speed are illegal. All players (except 
goalies) as well as referees, must 
wear skate heel guards. 

• Sticks are made of wood or 
other appoved materials. The 
length of the average stick is four 
feet, five inches. The length, 
however, can vary depending on 
the height of the player. The length 
of the stick's paddle area is one 
foot, two-and·a-half inches. 

- Goalie stick 

- Normal stick 
Jamel Collier/Guardian 

..." a..M3U811:1ian 
Source: Rules of the Game, McMattIn Press 

Monday, Febmary 25, 1991 The UC D Guardian 

Reggae Festival 
March 10 

Joe Higgs, Culture, Cardiff 
Reefers, and Mrican Stars 

E ents ... 
AS MEETING 

Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center-Third Floor-Room 8 
All Students Are Invited to Attena 

HENRY AND JUNE 
AS FILM SERIES 
Thursday. February 28, 6:30,9:00, II :3Opm 
Price Center Theater 
$1.00 

"THE BUSINESS OF AMERICA ... SHOP TALK" 
cwo POLITlCAL FILM SERIES 
Friday, March I, 7:00 pm 
Faustina Solis Hall 
Free!!! 

Insi hts ... 
HAWAII CLUB 

ALOHA!! ! The Ohana I Aikanes are having another fun, informal, gathering. 
Wednesday, February 27 
5:30 pm at the Santa Barbara J L.A. Room 

Luau season coming soon!! Fun! Fun! 
Want to learn to Hula? Eat Ono food? 
Bring your friends and some food and get ready for fun!!! 

MEChA 
Are you a graduating Chicano/Latino Student? 
Well, come and participate in this year's MEChA's Chicano/Latino Graduation. 
It is going to be held on June 15th at the Revelle Cafeteria 
Interested students should come to the meetings 

Tuesdays and Thursdays at 4 pm 
MEChA office (in the SAAC office ,2nd floor Price Center) 

For more information call MEChA office at 5344994 

GENERAL BODY MEETING 
Monday, February 25, 5:00 pm 
The Cove 
Topic: Immigration and Migrant Workers 
Speaker: Dr. Fenner Lopez 
Film: "Promise of America" 

PRE·LA W EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 
Worried about the LSAT? 
Speaker from Princeton Review at next PLEA MEETING. 

Wednesday, February 27 
Oasis Annex (Old Bookstore) 

PSYCHOLOGICAL & COUNSELING SERVICE· REVELLE 
Dream Interpretation Workshop 
Tuesday, February 26, 7:30·8:30 
Why Not Here? in Revelle 
Open to aLI interested students 

AS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the ASUCSD. Use the NEWSFLASHES REQUEST FORM 10 place 
an advertisemenL Ads are subject to Ivailability of spacc. Deadline is every Wednesday at noon for the 
following Monday paper. Drop off and Pick up of all Newsflashes fonns are 10 be done with the AS 
Secretary - Third Aoor of the Price Center. Con1aC15344450 for more infonnation. 

RISC··RADICALL Y INCLINED SKI CLUB 
-Ski in short s! We're going to Jack on Hole. WY for Spring Break! March 23· 
30. Tickets at the Box Office. or call our office at 5344482 Tuesday-Friday 
lOam· 2pm. For additional info call John at 273-2145 

SEAC··ECO-SERIES PART III 
HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT 
A dynanlic presentation on the problems of rcducing and disposing 
of hazardou waste. 

Wednesday. February 27.7 pm 
Soli Lecture Hall (SLH) 104 
Free Refreshments 

TIPSY TAXI WILL GIVE YOU A SAFE RIDE HOME 
FridaysandSaturday 1 Opm -2am (February I-March 16. 1991) 
Call 234·6161 *Must Have Student 10. (Radius 15 miles. additional miles will 
be paid by tudent) Spon ored by ASUCSD. 

AS MARKETING 
A special training e sion will be taking the place on Friday at 3:30pm. Call 587-
7987 for location. Mandatory attendance by manager i required. All taff are also 
encouraged to attend. 

HENRY & JUNE 

'"ANEIIOUC 
MASTERPIECE. 

R~markabk. A ~nuinch' 
trul~ m., ",,1 
(clc:bntcs • wornao's 
lUual .... a~nins 

_i(~ 1I!lIbashtd 
rnthmia..m.' 

.. ,.,."". ..... 
AIUCID ........ 

,.",. ... ..".",. 
c.II.:t ..... 'o 

'--""-..... 

Executive 
President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 

Senators 
Sophomore, Junior and Senior 
Senators for: 
Muir, Revelle, Third, Warren and 
Fifth 

Commissioners 
Communications 

Programming 
Public Relations 

Academic Affairs 
Operations/Services & 

Enterprises 
University Center Board 

23 



24 SPORTS 

BITS & PIECES / PETER ~O 

The Moon, CIA, and 
East New Hampshire 
J UST A FEW NOTES: • Before the NCAA committee perfonns it 
annual ritual of losing all sense 
of geographical proximity and 
the U .. map, and ends the 
University of Eastern New 
Hamp hire to play New Mexico 

tate in Seattle, orne predictions 
for the Final Four: Duke, 
Loui iana State, Arkan as, and 
UNLV. 

UNL V i a given. Only an 
idiot or Pete Rose would bet 
against college ba ketball' 
favorite ex-con. Anything can 
happen in the tournament , but 
there ha n't been uch a prohibi -
tive pre-tourney favorite ince 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar signed hi 
check Lew Alcindor. 

Loui iana tate for one 
rea on. One BIG rea on -
Shaquille O'Neal. If Danny 
Manning can lead Kan a to a 
hampion hip, then the Shack 

can carry the Tigers t the moon. 

D UKE ALWAYS manages to find a way into the Final 
Four, regard Ie s of their talent 
level. ot that the Blue Devils 
will win of course. Nobody 
imitates the Denver Broncos 
better than Durham ' fine t. 

rkansa has the neate t 
logan in sport : "94 Minutes of 

Hell." Sound like an invitation 
to an anthropology lecture. 

Other teams to keep an eye 
on: Ohio State, Indiana, and 
U LA. 

The Buckeye are an excellent 
team, but they're young. Never 
count out a team coached by 
Bobby Knight. And UCLA plays 
dumb, but the Bruin have more 
talent than any team in college 
hoop not under inve tigation by 
the NCAA, FBI, CIA, BMW, or 
the Nevada-Rello-Lake Tahoe 
Register. 

C AN YOU imagine the commotion that would 
re ult if UNL V couldn't partici-
pate in the tournament , because 
its conference doesn ' t permit it? 
That ' exactly what's happening 
to Hamilton, the top-ranked team 
in Division ill. Hamilton ha ' 
more in common with the Rebel 
than you would think. 

Hamilton is undefeated, and 
(putting the proverbial 'wri ting 
on the wall' in crayon here) it 
ha n ' t lo~t a game ~ ithin it 
divi ion all year. 

The only other team in the en-
tire 40-team tournament that can 
make that claim is UCSD. 

See BITS, Page 16 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 25, 1991 

UCSD Invited to Big Party 
• Men's hoop named top seed in the West, 
but will have to host number two Claremont 

of eight NCAA regional divi ions 
- and will receive a bye in 
Thursday' first-round matchups 
which pit the founh and fifth seed 
of each region again t each other. 

By les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

March Madne is coming. 
But don't worry, thi isn't 

orne hamele s promo for the 
CBS telecast of the NCAA Fi-
nal Four later next month. 

You see, Division TIl 's ver-
ion of college ba ketball's 

po tsea on "big pany" will be 
making a top at U SO thi 
weekend, as the UCSD men's 
basketball team (22-3) will host 
the Claremont-Mudd Stag (22-
4) in a econd-round NCAA 

Volleyball 
Revenge 
Is Sweet 
By Joel Kurzman 
Staff Writer 

If victory i sweet, then revenge 
must taste even weeter. 

In a five-game match ver u 
UC Santa Cruz Saturday night, the 
men's volleyball teM1 defeated the 
Banana Slug to avenge an early 
season 10 s. 

"Winning i n' t everything, but 
it ain't too bad," Head oach 
" Digger" Graybill aid after the 
Triton' 17- 15,11 -15,16- 17 ,15-
11 , 15-12 victory. 

Earlier thi year, the Banana 
lug knocked off the Triton in 

Santa Cruz. 
Saturday' s match wa full of 

marathon rallies, but none a sus-
penseful a in the pivotal fourth 
game. Down one game to the Slug , 
two, and 5-4 in the founh, UCSD 
turned the tide at the net behind the 
blo king of Lawrence Werner, 
Matt Brigham, and Chri Romey. 
Werner and Brigham led the Tri-
ton with 10 and nine block , re-

See M. V-BAll, Page 17 

tournament game at 7 p.m. Satur-
day night in the Main Gym. 

Un Ie you've been living in a 
cave for the last three month ,lhi 
development hould come a no 
urpri e. 

The Triton have been con i -
tenlly rank.ed in the top 20 nation-
ally all eason - they are cur-
rently ranked fourth - and have 
run off a program-record 14 con-
secutive win to end the regular 
season . 

UCSD j the top eed in the 
NCAA' We tern Divi ion-one 

Nonnally,theregion'sfirst eed 
plays the winner of the first round 
games. But, for some reason known 
only to the NCAA election com-
mittee, the Tritons will face the 
region's second-seeded team , 
Claremont, instead of the winner 
of Thur day' contest between 
founh- ceded Central (IA) and 
fifth- ceded Bethel (MN). 

ThewinnerofThur day' West 
Region first-round game will in-

See M. HOOP, Page 17 

Head Coach Tom Marshall 
and the Tritons will host 
Claremont Saturday at 7 p. m. 

Left Out in 
The Cold 
By Srinath Sanda, 
Staff Writer 
and Heather Holtzclaw, 
Associate Sports Editor 

It's tough to say goodbye, but 
that is what the UCSD women's 
basket ball team had to do Friday as 
it bid farewell to its 15-game win 
streak, as well a any opponunity 
to make the 32-team NCAA Divi-
sion ill tournament field, falling to 
Christ College of Irvine 73-63. 

The selection committee an-
nouncedthat this year's field would 
include the top four teams from 
each of the eight region . UCSD 
finished fifth in the We t. 

"Chri t College was kind of our 
last chance to redeem ourselves," 
Head Coach Judy Malone aid. 

Malone said she had expected 
to make the tournament de pite the 
Tritons' number five ranking. She 
based this on la t year when the top 
five team from the West made the 
field. 

''I'm very di appointed for the 
team," Malone said. "We really 
deserved to be there." 

Michelle DiGuilio and the Tritons lost for the first time in 16 games, 
73-63 to CCI, as UCSD's hopes for a playoff berth evaporated. 

Friday against CCI, the Tritons 
See W. HOOP, Page 17 

Baseball Drops Two More 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

The members of the UCSD baseball 
team left the field Saturday shaking their 
head in disbelief. After nine games, a 2-7 
record is not what the Tritons had in mind. 

For a team that marched through the 
gate on opening day with a national cham-
pion hip in mind, the Tritons are consis-
tently being hot down by one opponent 
after another. 

But what should they expect? After all, 
scoring an average of less that two-and-a-
half runs per game isn't going to set the 
world on fire. 

On Friday, UCSD hosted College of 
Idaho with thoughts of avenging two losses 
they suffered last year. The Tritons fell 
shon, hov.ever, in an Il-inning dogfight, 
losing 1-0. The loss, the re ult of a listless 
display of hitting on the pan of the offense, 

See BASEBAll, Page 17 

Softball Gets Back on Track 
By Craig Elsten 
Staff Writer 

the team a a confidence builder. 
"After 10 ing our fir t two game , we 

really needed to get our confidence back .. .. 
We became more aggre ive and confident 
at the plate." 

Greg Benes/Guardian 
Doran Yount rounds third in Saturday's 8-31055 to 
Southern Cal. The Tritons dropped to 2-7 in 1991. 

The UCSD softball team took advan-
tage of poor tan ford fielding to weep a 
doubleheader Saturday, 6-2 and 6-3. The 
pair of wins capped off a 4-0 weekend 
homestand. On Friday, the Tritons wept 
CSU San Bernardino, 1-0 and 3-1. 

According to UCSD Head Coach Mel-
i sa Jarrel, the four win were imponant to 

The Triton tarted off quick in the fir t 
game Saturday, coring three runs in the 
fir tinning. Shonstop Dana Chaiken led 
off the game with a single, followed by a 

See SOFTBAll, Page 16 


