
.OPINION 
"Bull market.""1be 

Cold War ..... yuppies ... and 
"Bail-outs." After 1 0 years 
of Republican leadership. 
we have seen some good 
times. and some b8d times. 
For one student. the 
repercussions of the Reagan 
years are with him every 
dayIPAGE4 

.SClENCE 
San DieJO is one of the 

leading cities in the field of 
AI.D.S.-related research. 
Four scientists affiliated 
with UCSD"'IIIIGIl8 the 
many people who arc 
searching for a cure for the 
deadly diseaselPAGE 6 

• FEATURES 
Sign-language interpreter 

Holly Pepler doesn't only 
use her voice to communi-
cate - she also uses her 
lips. facial expressions. and 
body language to give the 
"full flavor" of lecture to 
hearing-impared student 
Romy SpitzlPAGE 7 

• SPORTS 
Behind junior Breilt 

HInIen', seven-hitter. the 
UCSD bueball team 
stunned San Diqo State 2-1 
Tuesday afternoon. Senior 
Anthony Sanchez sinaled in 
Louie OW: with the 
winnina nut in the boItom 
of the ciJblb/PAGI! l' 

INDEX ... 
UCSD News ..••.......... 2 
()piI1Ior1 •••••••••••••••••••.•• 4 
8cIer1ce .....•..••••••••..•.. 8 

~ .................... 7 
~ ••••••••••••••••••••. H1 
........................ 18 

San Diego Hosts 
UC·WideForum 
On Chicano and 
Latino Issues 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

'The fourth annual University of 
California Chicano and Latino Convo-
cation held last weekend in San Diego 
provided a forum for the discussion of 
issues pertaining to Chicano and Lat.ino 
students. 

According to Mayra Ocampo. the 
UCSD student representative to the 
Steering Committee of the Convoca-
tion. a number of resolutions were 
reached over the weekend. 

1be resolutions included opposition 
to any drastic increase in student fees, 
and support for an increase in financial 
aid to compensate for any increase, 
Ocampo said. 

According to the Chicano/Latino 
student group MEChA. a fee increase 
would have a very negative impact on 
Chicano and Latino students. 

Students at the convocation also re-
solved to support UCLA students in 
their attempts to set up a Chicano Stud-
ies Department at the university and in 
pressuring UCLA Chancellor Charles 
Young to take disciplinary action against 
alleged verbal harassment made by 
members of the administration to sorne 
faculty. 

A further resolution included support 
for Director of Undergraduate Affairs/ 
Special Services Nick Aguilar's pro-
posal to improve academic preparation 
of affinnative action for high school 
students applying for admission to the 
Uc. 

TIle fourth propo al involved op-
position to U.S. intervention in the 
Middle East while still supporting the 
troops. TIle resolution calls for the im-
mediate and safe return of all Chicano-
Latino troops and there are plans for a 
nationwide walkout sometime later this 
year. 

Approximately 300 students. faculty, 
and staff attended the convocation 
which. as well as formulating resolu-
tions, also involved presentations by 
faculty members and workshops focus-
ing on political, social, and economic 
issues affecting Chicano-Latino com-
munities. 

TIle resolutions will now be pursued 
by a systemwide steering committee 
made up of students, staff, and faculty . 
According to UCSD MEChA Chair 
Victor Nieblas. it is now the responsi-
bility of the steering committee to pur-

See MEETING, Page 3 

-

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Quite 8 shot - Women 's basketball player Cari Young bends low before shooting a free 
throw during a game last week at UCSD as teammate Kathleen Alvarez looks on with 
interest. The team has won 15 games in a row, and completes its regular season Friday at 
home against Christ College of Irvine. Story in Sports, page 16. 

'Miscommunication' Blamed for SAAC, DSU 
Conflict With A.S. Over Affirmative Action Plan 
• Edson faulted for not consulting with affected groups 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

A.S. President John Edson met with representa-
tives from both the Disabled Student Union (DSU) 
and the Student Affirmative Action Council (SAAC) 
last week to discuss a conflict over changes he made 
in UCSD's Five-Year Student Affirmative Action 
Plan. 

The meeting took place following charge that 
Edson had undermined the DSU's goals and had 
taken credit for research and ideas in his proposed 
amendments to the plan. The e amendments were 
later approved. 

While most agreed that the meeting led to a partial 
resolution of the problems, out tanding grievances 
were voiced concerning feelings that Edson had 
compromised a DSU goal- that disabled tudents be 
included as a target group under the Student Affir-
mative Action Plan. . 

After learning that the plan had been modified in 
part to reflect suggested amendments submitted by 
Edson, members of SAAC and DSU alleged in an 
interview with the Guardian that Edson had never 
worked with them in creating the proposed amend-
ments, and that the amendments did not reflect their 
input 

Both Edson and DSU President Joe Lindley said 

that the conflict originated from a lack of communi-
cation. 

"With a busy schedule, I rely on the SAAC repre-
sentative," Edson said. "When there is a breakdown 
in that communication, there are problems." 

"We resolved our problems," Lindley said. " I 
know [Edson) wouldn't do anything intentionally. 
Hewantedtodo omethingpo itive- it'sjustthathe 
wants to do so much that he overlooked the people 
who are really involved." 

Edson said that it was agreed that the AS. and 
SAAC wi ll exchange minutes from their meetings 
with one another. 

"Formyself, it's pretty milch resolved:' said Mike 
Garcia, an SAAC intern who serves as the SAAC 
representative to the AS. 

But Garcia said he was not satisfied wi th what he 
called "the DSU issue." 

Victor Nieblas, another SAAC intern, agreed, 
calling the dispute between Edson 's amendments and 
DSU's goal "the main problem." 

" I haven't seen anything to rectify that problem," 
Nieblas aid. 

Although Nieblas admitted that he did not attend 
the meeting between Edson and the repre entatives 
from SAAC and DSU, he declared that Edson "did 

See ACTION, Page 3 

A.S. Solicits Student Views on New Fee Increase 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

In an effort to organize student 
opposition to the 40 percent fee in-
cre&'ie approved by the UC Regents 
Wt week. the AS. has begun solicit-
ing student opiniom and will express 
those views to local legislators. 

The campaign, which SbII1Cd last 
Mdtlni willammethrough March 
1. is IOC8IIcd in the Price CenIer Plaza 
..s operatieS fiom II a.m 10 3 p.m. 

ScudenIs are invited to eilheroom-
pose Ibcirown Ieam or fill out a form 

IeaerIO~tbe ~ 

The AS. intends to hand.<Jeliver 
the letters to legislators. In addition, 
the AS. provides a list of addresses 
and phone numbers of state 
assemblymemben and state senators 
to which student concerns can be di-
rected. 

According to AS. Vice President 
Molly McKay. thecampaignhasbeen 
cxuancly sua:essfuI in the first two 
days of impIenltlaboiL McKay also 
saidlhatmembersoftheAS. pImned 
to meet with IqisIIbs next weekend 
10 discuss die fee incraase IIld WF 
JocaI Jeptwdlliwa 10 inaaIe abe 

amount of funds allocated to the UC 
system, rendering such a large fee 
increase unnecessary. 

MernbersoftheAS.plantoattend 
the March 2-4 Sacramento summit 
meeting of the University of Califor-
nia Student Association (UCSA), 
McKay said. 

In 0Iher AS. news: 
• AS. President John Edson an-

nounced at last night's AS. meeting 
that the Senior Gift-Giving Commit-
tee has aldoncd the Grove lnigation 
Project, which will 8IIempt to pre-
serve drousht-strickal campus coca-

Iyptus trees. 
• Gloria Corral was appointed as 

Recreational Intramural Athletic and 
Events Center (RIMAC) Comminee 
representative. 

• Dina Maramba was appointed as 
the AS. representative to the Pur-
cMied Utilities Management Com-
mittee. 

• The AS. Council voted to all0-
cate $100 from the winter budget of 
the Black Economic Society to 
''There' s No Mystery to HistoIy." the 
UCSD African American History 
Marth FmaIe, to be held Feb. 23. 



1 NEWS 

UCSD 
alPS 

NfWS I~J fWlf f-

UCSD to PNIBnt the SmIIhal 
SIring QuartaI at Mar'idIMIB Calder 

The Smithsoo SIrinI Quartet. a arouP !bat believes in 
performing its music on periodinsaumenll, wiD IIppe8fIt 
UCSD at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Cemer Auditorium. 
The program the quartet his cboeen 10 play includes 
pieces by Mozart and Haydn. 

Since 1983, the group baa regularly perfonncd Ill-
lionalIy and intemalionally,lodis!bequanel-in-reaidence 
at the Smithsonian Institution. Many of !be group's rnu-
seumconc:erts have been heard lhrouahoW IbeCOUDtryon 
the National Public Broedcasting Syslem. The group baa 
recorded the worts of Mozart. Beethoven. and Haydn for 
the Smilbsonian Collection of Recordinp and for the 
Deutsche-Hannonil MundilBMG label. 

Ttekels are available from the UCSD Box Office and 
from TlCketMasteroutlets (278-11KS) for$IS. 
Chemistry fellowships Provide 
SUpport for Women, Minorities 

A new Gradwue Fellowship Program in 01emislry bas 
been established at UCSD to provide support for women 
and minority students. 

The program. funded primarily by a three-year grant 
from the U.S. Department ofEducation' sGraduate Assis-
tanee in Areas of National Need Program, is designed to 
increase the number of Ph.D. chemists graduating from 
UCSD from traditionally underrepresented groups. 

These include women from all ethnic backgrounds, as 
well as African-American ,Mexican Americans, Ameri-
can Indians, Lalinos, and Filipinos. 

During the current academic year. nine cbemisny 
graduate students are being supported by the fellowship. 
In the future. that number may vary between seven and 
nine tudents. depending on changes in tuition and fees. 

In addition to student financial support, the program 
has also establi hed several ' related projects designed to 
increase the quality and quantity of women and minority 
ludents. Among these are mentor programs. increased 

aflinnative action outreach and recruitment at both the 

Source: Dan Atkins, 
National Weather ServIce 
Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Poway 
77-74-72 

The UCSDGuarcUan 

graduate and underpIduIIe Ie_lad !be eetabti....." d 
a program to develop lDda1COUl'lF joiII rei em lad". 
COIIIr8cldevdopment. 
ScrIpps institution ReceIves Grant 
For Major Building RenovatIon 

The National Science Foundation (NSF) his awarded a 
$550,000 grant to UCSO's ScrippIlnslitulion ~Oce.osra­
phy for rc:oovatioo of one of its molt impoI1IDl ~ • 
teachins bui.Jdin&a The rotaI CCIIt~tbe projecI.lCbeduIed to 
besin later tbia year. iI $1,135.000. includina $58S.ooofrom 
UCSOrcaourca. 

The sr-. IDIde under me NSF. kademic Mal e cb 
F.:iliIiea ModeilliiZlltiiOll Pt ....... will be UIIid far SWidrup 
Hall, a JO year-okl, bee Aacy "'MOl on Ibe ScrippICIID-
pus. Sverdrup HaJJ II • ~ laboIMOiy IDIl oftice 
buiJdjna IbIIlJou-. MIlk in IDIIIY of cbe diIc:IptimI under 
invesrijarion It Scrippa IJIIIiMioa 

The NSFproaallD madeila tint .... dIiI,.... toCIIina 
$39 miI1ioa. to 78 c:aI .... uaiwrliliil. and noo-pro& ill-
Slituliou 1Wionwide. 
l.ectureI on PoIItIca and the P8I'IIIn 
Gulf Held Today and Tomorrow 

• Today - 0IIduIIe StucIeaII tar ,.. ... die 
GraduMe SIUdeaI A~ wDllpOlllOl' .... .aIecl 
"PattioIiIm 1991: WbalDoelIt .... r.6p.m.iDltdi.,.. 
Hall. Speaen will include r. BIIIIIId d file IJIeIIbn 

DepaJtment.SusaaDllvil~IbeCnmnari tdoDDIpMwa. 
GeoqeLipsitzoflbeEdlnic: Siudieillep ........ VicmIe 
Rafael of the Communic:adon Dtta ....... 

• Friday - The UCSO DepaIUliid ofScx:ioloaY will 
host a lecnue featwina Brian Downioa of abe Univcnity of 
Oticago on ''1be Mllillly RevolUlion ... Political Qange: 
Origins of Democracy and Autocracy in F.iiiy Modem Eu-
rope" at 3 p.rn. in HSS TI07. 

Noted Author to Appear at 'Friends 
Of the UCSD Library' Program 

William Styron. a distinguished American author. will 
present apublic lecture at 8 p.m. 00 Mardt 8 in die Pric:eCenler 
ThcaIre. The program is one in the c:onlinuina Great AuIhor 
Series sponsored by the Friends of !be UCSD Library. 

Styron is the author of Lie Down ill Darble.rs(J9S1}. Set 
This House on Fire (1961). The ConfuskHv o/Nat Tllrller 
(Pulitzer Prize. 1968). and Sq.mie's Choice (1979). A m:enI 
critically acclaimed memoir, Darwu Visible (1990). 
chronicles the author's ascelll from clinical depression. 

Admission to the lecture is $1 S for "Friends" membersand 
520 for the general public. For infonnatioo, call S34-127S. 

Thunday, February 11, 1991 

GUAKIlIAN 

Thursday, February 21, 1991 

ACTION 
ContInued from pege 1 
not come to rectify the problems, 
but to save face." 

"When [Edson) came in, there 
was a 101 of anger on both sides. I 
don't think a whole 101 got reso\vcd," 
said Krista Aores, DSU representa-

MEETING 
Continued from page 1 
sue the issues and make demands to 
the chancellor. 

Nieblas said he believes that the 
convocation "went really well and 
was very informative." 

"'The whole atmosphere was very 
positive and empowering - I felt it 
sparted off a renewal of the move-
ment which had become somewhat 
stagnant." he said "Members of all 
the campuses, not only students but 
faculty and staff as well. ignited the 

• 

tive to SAAC. "My personal feel-
ings are that [Edson) wasn't nying 
to undermine DSU. He was just 
ttying to help." 

EdsoncriticizcdSAACand DSU 
for publicly airing their grievances 
without bringing them to him. 

"The Guardion should never be 
used forpersonal conflicts," he said, 

whole aspect of the movement." 
UCSD MEChA board member 

Mike Garcia agreed that the mood 
of the convocation was positive and 
also felt thai this year it was set up 
well for debate. 

"I feel we are now unified to 
voice concerns without being split. 
I hope the different campuses will 
act on what was discussed and the 
issues that came out [of the Con-
vocation)," he said 

UCSD MEChA Co-Chair of 
Publicity Sandra Ledesma said that 
the convocation impressed her as 

Calvin and Hobbes 

ACHIEVE YOUR BEST 
IN 

ACTUARIAL SCIENCE 
ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Tuesday, February 26, 1991 

8:30 a.m,-4:30 p.m. 
Career Services Center 

Sign up today. 

Get off to a great start in a rapidly growing profession with one of the leaders in 
the financial5eTVices industry - T ranumeric:a life Companies. 
We offer our actuaries numerous opportunities to move throughout the 
company. Our intensive training includes two programs that will teach you to 
develop, price, marktt and report the financial results of a variety of products 
in a profit-motivated environment: 
Full-Time Positions - Requires a Strong math background and the 
successful completion of a minimum of two or more actuarial examinations. 
Summer Positions - Designed to give students, usually college 
sophomores or juniors, an overview of the insurance industry through hands-
on work experience. Requires the successful completion of a minimum of one 
actuarial examination. 
At T ransamerica life Companies, you'll find all the growth , opportunities and 
challenges you nred to achieve your professional best. In return for your 
expertist, we prOVide a competitive salary and an individually-customized 
benefits pa~. 

i. ThANSAMERlCA 
UIe Ccmpaniee 

WORKING TOOETHER IS THE BEST POll :V 
w. _".ty support «IuaI "I'I">ftUno'Y.nd .",rrnaflve octkon 

W,'""'" and m.nom;" a .. m"""ly tncou"...l.o arrlv: 
'"TL hao. omoI.<·frtt "'orkploc.:· 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

citing last year's dispute between 
then-A.S. President John Ramirez 
and A.S. Programmer Matt 
Schnurer. 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ • 

A letter by Nieblas attacking 
Edson for not communicating with 
SAAC members regarding the af-
finnative action plan was published 
in the Guardian on Feb. 14. 

being "very intellectual." 
"It focused on our people and on 

progressing them forward. It was 
very infonnative and a way of edu-
cating ourselves," she said. 

In addition to the systemwide 
resolutions, the UCSDcaucus plans 
to address specific issues. These 
include recommendations for a unit 
on each UC campus responsible for 
college recruinnenl of students of I 
colorand reaffuming the importance 
of an accurate and complete cover- I 
age of Chicano-Latino presence and ~::I:":::n_a I 

~:rcK $19.99 
plus $8.00 state cart. 
TUNE UP 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

....-.: 
..... ...... 

..... II~ C8IIIuNIOr" Ii_II 
cornputeotzecI drno $10.00 --
caD Auto Cere 

8860 M"- Rd., lUlU C 
(bMIInd~) 

... DIIIo, CA t2121 
(818) 118-2438 

GAlE RENTAlS 
Present this ad with 

the rental of one 
game and receive a 
second game rental 

FREE 
Not_ on F~. a Sol. 

DC _llY VlDED 
3202 Governor Dr. 

University City 455-5205 

7rJM:s' Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NV and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

·M.Jst pte_t coupon and void ucso 10 a t tIMe 01 estimate 
Nat YOid with ""*" 0I"l0''0 Of ~onsmsoJoo repais 

.ieiiI: 1 ; CALL CALIFORNIA 

!-I 1450-94941 ~§~ IS _ .,,"""""" ..... 
If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

i 

------- ---
.-----_ ..... 

6 WHiles, eel I fret CD* • I CDls, tell fret CD* 
*oa appro." • No IImU 

Lartesl used CD la.ealOl'1la U.S. • USlealn~ zones 

-. MUSIC TRADER 
~; 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469 

~'5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

. \ 
'. \, 

~~, \ , \ 
\ \ 

, ' 
, 

Commerporating 50 years of 

TUt: BATMAN .• 
The Comic Gallery 

4224 Balboa Ave. 
Son Otego. CA 92117 

comer c:J 8olDOO a CIOKem<>nt Dr 
• NeJCt to Food 8o$ket -

(619)"~"53 

67!>-8 N. Broadway 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Coun ..... Comer $noppong Cent .. 
at Broadway a wovllngton 

(619) 7"~5660 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

COMMENTARY 

THE DIARY 
OFA 

REAGAN 
YOUTH 

• For one stOOent, tt took only one 
year to re-aeate the 8OOI'lOrl'T)' of the 

~ decOOe of RepUican ~ 
By Gregory Huff8MW. Copy RNder 

Lookina back on it, the root of my problem .... 10 
clear. After all, I was I J when he took office IOd J 9 wilen 
they put him out to puWre. Who could go duoush their 
fonnative years with Ronald Re.gan at !he helm and not 
be severely affected? 

I tried to deny it In my youth, I cuned Ihe Gipper at 
every tum, memorized his gaffes, and when I tID'ned 18, I 
even registered as a Democrat and vOlCd for Jesse 
Jackson. 

But they were all futile gesrures. UJce everyone eIae 
who grew up in the '80s, 1 am a Reagan youIb. And abe 
symptoms have started popping up at the most inoppor-
tune times. Just last year I unconsciously replicIred the 
entire rise and fall of Reagan's infamous '"voodoo 
economics." 

Noc bad for a college boy, eh'l And rm DOl even III 
economics major. 

In terms of my personaJ economy, during the first half 
of J 990, business was booming. A genuine buD martcet. 
My moral and financial OOObibulors - mom IUd dad -
were pleased with my petfOl"lDlDCe in ooUege during the 
past three yean. My grades were IOOepIIIbIe IOd I was 
adhering to a clearly defined .... - • B.A. in IiIaa-
lUre. They continued to support my tuition. ... aDd 
grocery billa. I also had a side job. a copy !elder for the 
catnpUI newspaper, die GIIt11'diIIn, dJIr plOVided a steldy 
influx or apeodins money. 

And then tbere was my job as die Co-EdifGr of !he 
campus' "bumo'" peper, the KOQ/Q, that was ripe wiIb 
perks. A free "business dinner" here, a free "buIineIs bar 
tab" tbcre. Not exactly iOepl. but ~ UDIIIbicaJ, 

Hell, we bad a private cbeclting accouDl- wbo would 
ever find out? 

Of coone, I was still involved in a c:old war with my 
younser brother, NadwL A .ignificlal cbunk of both our 
budgets went toward a buildup of tapes. records, and 
eventually, compact discs. He'd get the latest New Order 
record, so I'd buy one with aU Ihe extended dance re-
mixes. Then he'd go bac\c 10 the record SklIe and buy it on 
compact disc. But I couldn't allow that \dnd of audio 
superiority, so I snuck out and bought Substance - a two-
disc set of New Order's greaIe$t bilS. And then we'd move 
on to U2, the Cure. the Ta1kina Heads, and whatever. 

It was end1ess. Our aIJies certainly dido't seem to 
mind. The owners of the local reconI stores tmIIed us like 
royalty and our neipbodlood buddies - who seemed to 
stop by justloog enouah to tape our laIeIt purdIa1es -
did nocbing but eoc:ourap OW' audio rICO. 

"How can you feel secure koowing tbIt NIIIbuJ has 
every Peter Gabriel album siDce be broke up with 
Genesis?," my friends would ask me. "It's IIiD DOl too .. 
to set them all on disc, That would show your lil' bro 
who's bossl" 

Yes, tboIe were Ihe days. I cou\d drive around in my 
Volvo, WItCh "Ibinysomelhin&" every week.1Od r= 
JOOd about my fuIUre. 

But then the summer came. and my personal economy 
bepo to stumble. It was dift1cuI1 to fiDel a fUD-cime job in 
my bometown in Oreaoo. 10 for two DlOIIIbs I just worked 
odd-jobs around the boule and beJped out It my clad's 
office. And suddenly it was August, IUd I was beck in Sao 
Diego belpina out with the women', wDeybaIl teIm as a 
SIUdeot assislaDt 

DurinI die two IDOIIIbs I was in Eupne.I'd only 
eamed a third of whatI'd made Ihe pmiouI __ , But 

The UCSD Guardian 

still, I pdIy pIid .. extra IDOIIth fA ......... . 
before ICOOol bad oven IIaIted for ajob II.-... ddI ill 
cxperieoce, buI meqer in financial COli", •• " ADd 
once acbooI dicl .... my time commiancaI wi1b ... 
volleybaD team forced me 10 cIrIIIiaIOy CUI my boun at 
the GuardUln. 

It WIIS, as they say, the beJimioa of die ead. otcoura, 
I didn't know it at die time. My pendS seal down. d-* 
to cover my tuition, room.lIId boanl for tbo uplO'_ 
scboolaam, 10 it appe.ed cbat my ... accoaat ... 
normal Durioa the om two IDOIIIbI. it _ ..,....... 
usua 

Wbeo die billa c:aDe due ...... CIIIIl .... l\)dIy up. 
I just made c:ut.aa. OIl my 1liiie IOCW .... ~, 1 
flpred. what', a few ....... 1uDcbeI?1'I;. =! 
cipIal my beltlllClbr ...... Uob'" I "I i'I 
sIIIb my IOdio budteL NIIbID lIatI_~lIt ... die 
Ta.d 'I'bb Wet SprocIrd I1IMD -., • .., .. lit If. 
t.) ... ~diIc. ADd tbiQp GIlly tot waae.1........,...... . 
mIIIioa dIat I coaIdIl't paailIIJ ~,., ....... ,.. 
..... iM •• ,...iaBatJ-l.ala ..... t ... ... 
IDd abe was baviDa a,lmUaJllic ftalquar. Flip-
pboao calla, it DIDded lib Ibe -1IaaarY. ....... 
COIDIDIIIiat OIl me. So I IOCIk up a coPeaIeA. 
1idfrieaC:I., ..... put ......... = 

~ 1beD1 tlewtoLGadDaIlr __ 
~1nIk 10 [IIO'VIcIe_." ' ., 
IUppOIt. 

Thunday, February 21, 1991 

;;;Hal.ti~Jdll"" ............. the ... 
'i(J •• :.,t ....... ~ to ... biJUo my 

~~ MII+Ma' IcouIdo'tpayoffei1ber 
--.._0.. ..... " ........ deriutmewbb 

,.a .... ~1bat1eemed 10 be ............ by die 
~ fat.IaDy, tbeyo...,.s my VCR.ID)' 01.''' .... _ even m,y pndous"'" syIICm. 

Fat1u. 2 'Y. I WII ~ ......... aood-wiD .... 
from my CIIiJinIlbaen. my ...... TIley saw me 
enoup IIID!Y to,. off my ... and CIedit card. 
'WItidI1 am now paying la:k 10 Iban It $100 a mondl 
fDrtbe .. )'ear. So I am CUJnIOlIy experieociQa In 
.. ....., .. ..cfon-I doIl'tJib to caD it a 
.. .. ~1IDIi11 have oat.rpieCeIy Iefmbuned my 
..... 

Ar. a ... 9ftbis. my ..... babita have 
~( ..... I lID DOW OIl a fixed budflet.I 

~my~"'myCleditc:anl1s 
jIa ~ButIllOlt impoofIady.1 know 7IIat it 
oouIdbMbeea 1IIICb wane. 

In ....... MIld, tbent_ao"'1IIII.-. 
II .. 2 tw ... m ..... wadd,you .. ·t .... 
NaIO)"OII' .... wbea }'OUI'=diton 1M c:aIIiq.l 
• be_~by 1992. Uafbdrm nl)',lc .... ouay Il10_.,, COUIIIIY of 0tIIL 

w...1fQot .,..... .... I_lim .... older...,... W ... bocb railed by aU. wIlD 
....... 1& _oby to ............ ...... 

wi1bouI~ '** oVer,.. ........ FclrtuaMeIy,1 
1eImed ID.Y I •• ae bebe it walOO'" 

III _Pm tItiaIdDa of pidr:iaa up die pboGe aad 
aivlDa 01" Oecqe aQfL II ...... be .... 10 be 
eoId .......... ol ...... ladeep wiIb,.. CIId.·, -...,.lOOmmy toreIaD 4IICIIIIka. aad 
","'i,. ... ~...., OIlOG;pocc cIacL 

The UCSD Guardian 

Traynham's cartoons Generate Angry Response 
Editor: 

I fail to see what Zachary 
Bennan's Jewishness has got to do 
with whalcver ethnic prejudices he 
may have. However, lonathan 
TllIynham seems to insinuate in his 
latest cartoon (Fell. 19) that, in fact, 
being lewish goes hand in hand 
with being discriminatory and elit-
ist Traynham refers to Bel1lWl's 
religious background twice in the 
cartoon, apparently pinpointing his 
offensive views regarding African-
American culture. It seems to me, 
however, that this is IlOIhing less 
than an anti-Semitic accusation that 
does nothing to solve the problems 
that Traynham addresses. 

I find it acutely tragic that, in our 
society, African and Jewish-
Americans are continually at each 
other's throats. Inflammatory and 
stereotypical cartoons such as the 
one directed towards Bennan only 
fuel the fire for more hatred and 
misunderstanding between the two 
groups. 

If Traynham truly wants people 
(including Jews) to know "what 
African-Americans want," then he 
should create a more positive forum 
for his opinions. In any case, Zachary 
Berman may be raci Itowards Afri-
can-Americans, but he certainly does 
not speak for any other American 
Jews. 

David J. Kopple 

Editor: 
I am writing in response to 

Jonathan Traynham's comic strip 
that was in the Guardian on Feb. 4. 
It was the one that prot rayed 
InterVarsity Christian Fellowship 
members as high-pressure religious 
entrepreneurs outtoharass the world. 
Well,ldon'tknowifTraynhamhas 
ever been to InterV arsity, but I will 
assume that he has nOl.lfhe had, he 
might have seen a group that cares a 
lot about love, friendship, social 
justice, multi-ethnicity, and the 
message of Jesus Otrist. He would 
have been welcomed, but he would 
not have been harassed. 

It's unfortunate for people to as-
sume that every person approach-
ing anotherstudent on campus about 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier st. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(819) 458-0272 
Clwcch School 

9:00a.m. 
Worshlp-

lO:OOa.m, 
Bible Stwlu 

7:00 p.m. 1\iesday 

Dr, E.T. CIII? aU), Putor 
-A Church For People 

on the Grow· 

some son of Bible study is from 
InterVarsity. There is a cult group 
on campus that has probably asked 
tons of people to come to a Bible 
study with them. I caution you 
against this group that might desire 
to control your life, but this is not the 
message that lies withinlnterVarsity 
or most of the other great groups on 
campus. Students inlnterVarsity try 
to avoid asking people they don't 
know to Bible IlJdies; they would 
love to invite everyone, but because 
of the high pressure group on cam-
pus, students in IVCFdonot want to 
make other students feel harassed. 
IVCF students do not want (0 offend 
anyone, but they are excited about 
their lives. 

Here is a little information about 
the group. The student organization 
started in England over 100 years 
ago and moved through Canada and 
then to the U.S. The IVCF is estab-
lished on 800 campuses nationwide 
and is pan of an international stu-
dent movement called IFES that 
includes thousands and thousands 
of student allover the world. At 
UCSD, the IVCF is well respected 
by the Associated Students, the 
events office, and the deans of the 
different colleges. 

'The group has over 300 mem-
bers and is one of the largest student 
organizations on campus. 'The stu-
dent organization is also involved 
with tutoring in the inner-city, 
serving the homeless, helping out at 
retirement homes, and various other 
things in the community. This in-
formation on IVCF is not here to 
convince anyone that it is the best 
student organization on campus, nor 
is it here to impress. I'm just a 

- srudent who thought he should write 
in response to Traynham's comic 
which stereotyped students in 
InterV arsity. 

I would like to cordially invite 
the comic artist to check out the 
group that he stereotyped. You are 
welcome to come to a student meet-
ing, but you are DOC required to. I'm 
writing this letter to hopefully clear 
channels of communication and 
break srereorypes among ocher stu-
dents. 

The message of Jesus Christ is 
love, DOC control. It is living life 
more abundantly, and no one wants 
to harass anybody into that. 

Rand Tucker 

Editor: 
] would like to respond to 

Jonathan Traynham's misdirected 
"Black and White Cartoons of 
Color" (Feb. 4) in the Guardiall. 

It is my opinion that the artist's 
comment about InterVarsity 
Christian Fellowship are unjusti-
fied. The purpose oflVCF at UCSD 
is to serve as an organization for 
believers in Je us Chri t to come 
together for worship, prayer, up-
port, fun , and a better understand-
ing of who Jesu is. I t also serves to 
provide forthose who are interested 
in what Christianity is about, to 
come to one of the meetings to 
experience it for themselves. 

There is never nagging, has-
sling, or pestering at the meeti ngs 
because it serves ab olutely no 
purpose. Although, to my under-
standing, there are high-pressure 
religious organizations on campus, 
InterVarsity is definitely not one 
of those. 

We would like to invite the art-
ist and anyone who i interested to 
join anyone of the large group 
meetings held every Thursday 
night to see for themselves what 
IVCF is really about. 

John Tsai 

The World is to 
Blame for Creating 
Saddam Hussein 
Editor: 

It is true that the United States 
is responsible for the military 
strength of Iraq. Unfortunately, 
overlhe past decade, we have sup-
plied lraqwith the weapons needed 
to make it one of the most power-
ful nations in the world. 

However, we are not the only 
ones gUilty of helping out Saddam 
Hussein. Countries like Germany 
have done a great deal to build up 
Iraq's military capability - not 

only in the past but a?so during the 
war. And on the issue of oil, all 
countries rely upon the Middle 
East. Therefore, why is it mainly 
the United States soldiers who have 
risked Iheir lives to stop Hussein? 
]ndustrial nations I ike Japan depend 
heavily upon Saudi Arabian oil but 
do nothing to help out the few 
nations taking part in the war. ]t 
should be the responsibility of all 
nalions who oppo e Iraq to help 
defeat it. 

The United Nations should 
pre ure certain countries to take 
action against Saddam Hussein. 
Germany, Japan, and a variety of 
other nations have sat back and 
relaxed for too long. 

After all, the events occuring in 
the Middle East affect the whole 
world, not only the United States. 

Steven Norris 

Tijuana Tourists 
Should Set Aside 
Leisure for Gulf War 
Editor: 

It ·s really quite disturbing that a 
sizable amount of college tudent 
are so insensiti ve and self-centered 
in these days of extreme national 
ten ion. I don't under tand how 0 

TGs, the Price 
Center, and a Barrel 
of Monkeys 
Editor: 

Sounds like more fun than 
a barrel of monkeys - a TG 
in the resplendent Price Cen-
ter Ba?lroom. I'd rather sit on 
a hardwood Hoor than on the 
grassy Hump any day. 

A resounding "Screw 
You" to Police Chief Ander-
son and all of his partners in 
crime for doing their desper-
ate best to kill off the only 
real tradition UCSD has. 

Brent Stickels 

OPINION 5 

many students could go to Tijuana 
each weekend with the main pur-
pose to drink, pick up on sleazy 
people, get sick, and dirty up an 
already filthy place. while our na-
lion is at war in the Persian Gulf. 
There are masse of young-people 
inthe Middle East right now, ready 
to risk their lives before they ' ve 
even begun to live. ]t 's unreal, the 
number of students who go to TJ 
each weekend, while there is a 
sharp decrease in all other leisure 
businesses in Southern Califomia. 
Bars, restaurants, and movie the-
aters were reported by the L.A . 
Times to have lost 20-40 percent of 
their bu inessdue to the war. There 
is a sombemess in the community, 
out of respect for the troops, and 
a?so oul of economic apprehension. 
People are afmid of the future 
ahead, and are reponedly cutting 
back on frivolous luxuries - which 
is an intelligent thing to do, espe-
cially since this nation 's economy 
is trudging through a recession. 

At least the insensitive, self-
centered attitude of these students 
i consistent with their actions in 
going to Tijuana. After all, they 
must be inscnstive about the 
starving, homeless children in the 
streets if Ihey walk right into a bar 
to throw lheirmoney away. Butlhe 
ones with an ounce of a conscience 
will probably buy a box ofChiclets 
on the way back into our coun-
try ... at war. 

C. Choi 

The UCSD Gu.rlli •• welcomes lentil and 
commentaries from all members of (he 
university community. Drop your leller .. the 
Guardian offices (on the second floor or the 
Srudc llt Center, 2bovc the General Store) or 
mail it to : 

Opinion Editor 
GUII,.iRn 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0 316 
La JoI[o, Co 92093·0316 

Lcum mUlt be typed. double spaced. and 
should include 0 signature and phone number. 
Un.signedIcuenwill not be printed . Wer=rve 
'he right to edit ror length ond clarity. We 
cannot guarantee that your leiter or 
comrmncory will be printed. 



6SCIENCB 

• UCSD researchers look at 
different ways to combat H IV virus 
Story br ..." IIeIty Hurd, Assoc::Iate ,... EdIttK 
illustration by Mel Ibrcelo, Assoc::Ia/. GnP*I EdIfDr 

When the first cases of Acquired ImmIlllOdeficieocy Syndrome 
(A.LD.S.) were diagnosed around 1 o years ago, sciemills evaywhere 
began searching for a cure and therapy for AI.D.S. patients.Ada:ade 
later, the worldwideepidem ic continues 10 spread. but the research has 
intensified - much of it in our own backyard. 

Joining this search for a cure andtreatmentof Al.D.S. are researdt-
ers from UCSD and the Scripps Clinic, oomposing one of the greaIal 
concentrations of A.I.D.S. resean:bers in the world. 'The foUowina is 
a sample of the research being conducted and the advances that have 
been made at here in the fight against A.I.D.S. 
In Search of a Vacdne 

Dr. Rossie Wong-Staal. of the Department of Medicine, has been 
working with other researchers to isolate possible vaccines against the 
Hunlan Immunodeficiency Vi rus (HN). HIV causes the breakdown in 
the immune system known as A.ID.S. 

According to Wong-Staal. research has shown that HIV has a 
complicated genetic rnaJc.eup in thai it contains six elUJa gene; flO( 
found in other viruses. Two of these are essential to the virus ' 
reproductive capabilities, while the other four are not . 

When HN has entered a ceU, the viral genetic material - ribo-
nucleic acid (RNA) - is transcribed into double-stranded dcoxyribo-
nucleicacid(DNA), which integrates itselfinlO thehostceU's nucleus. 

Once in the cell, HlY manufactures proteins that recognize the viral 
RNA's specific structure and sequence, W oog-Staal said. Twoofthese 
protein ,called "Tat" and "Rev ," areessentiaitoHIV replication. 'They 
regulate the RNA's ability to make new proteins by determining 
whether the RNA is active or not. 

Since arriving at UCSD, Wong-Staal has looked at viral RNA as 
well as cellular proteins that cooperate with Tat and Rev. Wong-StaaI 
said that researchers have shown that in the infection, viral proteins and 
RNA allow viral replication within the cell- but cenain ceUular 
proteins are aI 0 needed. 

Wong-Staal and her team of researchers have been anempting to 
clone a "decoy" protein that would bind to the RNA molecule where 
nonnal viral protein would binc\. Unlike nonnal proteins, the decoy 
wouldbeincapableofbindingwithcellularproleins,sotheviruswould 
not be able to reproduce. 

Another approach Wong-Staal is taking is tornaJc.e a mall chain of 
nucleotides that would bind to the viral RNA at certain sites. 'The 
nucleotide chain would bind to the RNA, preventing viral proteins 
from attaching at those sites. This would ultimately prevent the virus 
from reproducing. 

To test these vaccine techniques, Wong-SraaJ and other researchers 
are working with the primate center at the University ofWashingtoo, 
testing reagents on macaque monkeys. However, the macaques arenoc 
affected by IllV-I, the standard A.LD.s. virus in !he United Swa. 
Central Africa, and Europe. Instead, Wong-SraaJ said thai HIV-2. a 
virus very similar to HIV-I that has been found mainly in western 
African conununities, is bePtg used. 

She explained that it is di fficult to create a vaccine for mv because 
it is a retrovirus , meaning that it contains RNA which is transcribed into 
DNA Although retroviruses have been studied in animals for years, 
there is no effective vaccine yet because of their structure. In the case 
ofIDV infections, the problem increases because the virus attacks the 
immune system - the part of the host most impOrtant in fighting the 
virus. 

The UCSD Guardian 

WlaIlllkiD& a VKCine, thereisal.,. .... Mit ..... 
inactiYllld ¥iru& II UIed, as is the cue with ocher vacclnel, ... 
virus could became ;...,. ... , into the host DNA. Wooa-SWI 
explained. 

While Ihe ueedminlcdvlled vinIa wouIcl .... a..HlV 
infection, the vinII could cause cancc:r.m • al: w" beIIIIIy 
person. Bee ... -of tbis, the vacciDe ~\I cIiIkula to UIe, 
Wooa-Saalsald. Asaresult. makiD& .... .,. • tC'OOla;nsooly 
a pan of'the virus. called a sub-unit ..... eeems 10 be the besI 
route. These pose a put:icularly cIiIk:ult problem, she said, 
because HIV changes all the time. 

.. It's lib hining a moving target ••• [but] the diversity is noI 
linUdea. Some sub-types are more prevalent, so you use the 
'coctIIil mecbod'" of mixing different perts of different smlins 
and .... ofdle virus. Wong-SraaJ said.. 

Wbeoutedif Al.D.S. ~waaId_definite results 
soon, Wong-Staal said, "It is hard to liVe a lime flame. because 
science doesn't work like that ... but I would 1lIIY tbat though we 
havegonelbroughsomedarlctimes pessimisticperiods -
we will gel something in a short period of time. " 
SoIYiD1a Cancer Riddle 

One member ofWoog-Slaal's team is Brie PoesdJIa, 
who unIil recently wa<I wokiDg in San Francisco as an 
intemaI medicine residl:nt. An inrI:rest in infI:ctious dis-
eaaes. particularly AID.s., led him to participIIle in 
Wong-&aa!'s researc:h. 

"Tbo specific problem rm focusing on is an;a'-
Kaplsi's San:ana (KS) - a cn:er caJlIDIIllmOOl 
AID.s.JlII&ients. I'm trying 10 leam the ~o( 
it and how it is reJaII:d to the mv virus, " PoeadIIaSlid. 

AalmIing to PoeIdiIa, there is !ODe suggntIm IbIl 
the vimlproteian.mayWOlk toamatnarmalceDsa. 
cancer c:dJa ill A.tD's. vI:*m. The c:mcer is mani-
fesIed • a pupIisb ... ClI1 the skin, on the 
Jungs. (I' in !he gailluU.u1lll track. 11 
can be tdldisabJing ao:ldisfigw'-
ing.hesaid. 

UrtilAlDS.becameprevalent 
in the United Stales, KS was a rare 
disease fwOO only in older Moditer-
ranean or North African men, Poeschla 
said. Suddenly it has becane a oonnnon 
problem amoog AID.s. patients. What 
J'CSe8Icbers wonder is why KS appears so 
often in connectim with !he ALD.S. virus. 

At this point, PoeschIa Is still in the diffi-
cult process of getting ~ together 
and growing tissue culnns. 
DefIning the Viral Recep-
tor 

Dr. XuongNSUyen-
Huu, a professor of 
physics. cbemisay, 
and biolo&Y, bopn 
todevelopnew ..... 
Diques in x-cay c:rys-
taJlo&raphy in 1970, 
long before IllV was 

See VIIUS, page 10 

Thunday, February 21,1991 

(A) When a virus enlln • 
body It has Ideal condtlonl 
to multiply. The virus 
approaches a cell and (8) 
connects Itself to the cell 
wall. (C) It Inserts Its "tall" 
In the cea and (D) Injec1s 
1lagene1k: Information. (I) 
The~ genetic klformallon __ .,. 
nucIIuI. ...... t. 

FEATURES 
7 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

The Silence 
• Using sign language, 
Holly Pepler brings the 
world of sound to the 
hearing impaired 
By 5engMIa Mehta 
AssociBte FfNltures Editor 

W hile most students take notes during lectures, Holly Pepler "talks." She's 
notdisruptingclass-it's her job. Exercising 
her lips and hands rather than her vocal cords, 
Pepler tmnslates lectures into sign language. 

According to Pepler, a freelance interpreter, 
sign language is like any other language. 

"It has its own grammar and syntax," she 
said. 

Pepler began to interpret for the hearing 
impaired 14 years ago because she became 
"fascinated with the language," which she 
described as "so visual," and "fun to leam." 

As a college student, Pepler worked with 
an autistic child, and she regularly returns to 
school even today. Three times a week, Pepler 
attends a developmental psychology course 
(Psychology 101) to translate the professor's 
spoken English into signs for graduate student 
Romy Spitz, who is hearing impaired. 

To effectively communicate the lecture 
material to Spitz, Pepler lip-synchronizes the 
words of course professor Judith Goodman, 
while using her hands to convert the lecture 
into sign language. Years of speaking with her 
hands have damaged some nerves in Pepler's 
anns, forcing her to wear a brace. Wearing a 
brace, however, is not the toughest part of her 
job. 

"The mind tends to get a lot more tired than 
the hands," Pepler said. "It's very difficult to 
change from one language to another simul-
taneously [and to] keep going at the same 
rate." 

Pepler, who has to watch the professor and 
her client simultaneously, added that inter-
preting requires good hand-eye coordination. 

"Everything the teacher is saying is on 
[my] mouth," she said. 

But Pepler must watch people other than 
the professor. She explained that she infonns 
Spitz about each sound that arises in lecture, 
whether or not it is applicable to the course 
material. 

"Even things you don't think about - like 
a bell going off, or an airplane overhead -
anything that the whole class will stop and 
[listen to] is translated," Pepler said. 

Some words, such as proper nouns or 
psychological tenns, are "finger-spelled," or 
translated letter by letter, according to Pepler. 

"\t 's clear. You cando it fast," Pepler said, 
explaining that finger-spelling does not usu-
ally slow the process of translation. 

"We have a lag time, from one to two 
words, to a sentence or two. This allows you 
to set upyoursigns to doeverything smoothly," 
she explained. "\t's usually not a question of 
having to catch up. She [Professor GoodmanJ 
stops talking, and three beats later, you're 
done." 

But sometimes an interpreter must find an 
alternative to finger-spelling. In a calculus 
course, for example, Pepler explained, it may 
be difficult keeping up. In this case, the in-
terpreter can create a sign for that particular 
case that agrees with the studenL 

For Spitz, having an interpreter is bener 
than solely relying 00 observlllioo in her 
cJasaes. A1tbouJh she has perfected her lip-
reading skills to communicate with people 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guard;an 
Sign language interpreter Holly Pepler translates sounds of spoken English to American 
Sign Language (ASL). 
one-on-one, lip-reading is nearly impossible 
during lecture, she said, adding that she prefers 
an interpreter during class. 

"An interpreter conveys all the infonnation; 
she lets you know the emphasis, not just the 
facts. It goes through [her] filter first and some 
infonnation is lost, but most comes through 
fine; you get the full flavor of what's being 
said." 

Spitz, a teacher's assistant (TA) for Psy-
chology 101, explained that she can obtain 
infonnation from classes in two ways: by 
watching an interpreter and by borrowing notes. 
She prefers the fonner. 

"You miss a lotoftheexcilement," she said, 
referring to borrowing notes. "You just get the 
basics, which is fine for an undergraduate. But 
as a graduate T A, you need to convey the 
enthusiasm. " 

Laura Chipps, support services coordinator 
for UCSD's disabled students, elaborated on 
the other aspects of communication that an 
interpreter translates - besides the "basics." 

"It's important to interpret tone of voice; 

sarcasm, anger - those types of nuances we 
all take for granted should be conveyed by a 
good interpreter," Chipps said. 

According to Pepler, vocal intonations are 
an "integral part of sign language," and are 
translated through body language. 

"The eyebrows go up, for example. It's 
innate that we use our expressions to parallel 
vocal intonations," Pepler said. "You don't 
have to use a sign for a question mark - you 
can use your face." 

Pepler uses her face and hands in many 
other places besides the classroom. She trans-
lates for "every situation," she said, including 
court cases, job interviews, and even births. 

"I'm actually there during the whole [birth) 
process," she said. 

Pepler is one of two interpreters for UCSD, 
where there are approximately 20 hearing-
impaired students. Yet only two of these stu-
dents, including Spitz, use interpreters. Chipps 
explained that many of these students either do 
not know sign language or they rely on lip-

See SILENCE, Page 8 

Thursday, February 21,1991 

Draft Worries 
Revive Old 
Memories for 
Professor 
Peter Irons 
By Debra Bronstein 
Staff Writer 

A s the war in the Persian Gulf drags on, some 
people wonder if the draft will 
be reinstated. For most 
students, the possibility of a 
draft is a new threat. But for 
political science professor 
Peter Irons, who experienced 
the draft first-hand during the 
Vietnam War, it is a very 
vivid memory_ 

According to Irons, 
students may have to face 
personal choices that they 
have never had to deal with 
before, depending upon the 
progression of the war. Irons 
added that people will have to 
make their own decisions -
questioning the system, and 
wondering what is right for 
them. 

For Irons, the cboice to 
confront the draft during 
Vietnam has greatly influ-
enced the course of his life. 
While teaching civil rights, 
law and society, and constitu-
tional law courses, he often 
recounts his experiences as a 
civil rights leader and relates 
anecdotes from his refusal of 
military induction. 

At age 18, Irons registered 
for the draft without really 
thinking about the conse- , 
quences, he said. He then 
attended Antioch University, a 
small progressive midwestern 
college, where he befriended 
many pacifist students and 
professors. 

In February of 1960, Irons 
became involved in the civil 
rights movement. He began 
participating in small local sit-
ins to promote racial integra-
tion in schools. Irons then 
joined the Student Non-
Violent Coordinating Commit-
tee, and became a leader in the 
sit-in movement. 

Irons did not experience 
the injustice of segregation 
first hand until the latter part 
of 1960, when he was arrested 
in a segregated bowling alley 
in Washington, D.C. 

"All we were doing was 
employing our testing poli-
cies," he said. "There were 
three groups: one all white, 
another mixed, and the tbird 
all black. I belonged to the 
first group, and therefore was 
allowed in the bowling alley. 
However, when the second 
and third groups tried to gain 
admittance, the police arrested 
us. 1 spent the night in jail ... 

After returing to school and 
continuing to participate in 
demonstrations, Irons began to 
seriously question the possi-
bility of being drafted. In 
1963, Irons decided to send 
back his draft card, which he 

See IRONS, Page 8 



II 

8 FEATUllES 

SILENCE 
Continued from pege 7 
reading because of a slight hearing 
loss. The use of interpreters, how· 
ever, is growing. 

"More and more kids are be· 
coming mainstreamed and going 
to (regular] college rather than deaf 
college," Pepler said. If[theschool) 
receives federal money, it must 
provide interpreters." 

Chipps added that all VC 

schools, including VCSD, are ex-
periencing an increase in the en-
rollment of deaf students. 

"A communicative disability is 
one of the most difficult disabili-
ties to overcome in an academic 
environment, because everything 
we do is learned through listen-
ing," she said. 

Pepler has just one solution 10 
this problem. 

"I try to get the message across," 
she said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

IRONS 
ContInued from pea- 7 
viewed as "8 symbol of 8 society 
practicing racial segregation." 

Irons' decision was not hasty. 
He first deliberated on fleeing to 
Canada. but the fear of never being 
allowed back into the V .S., and the 
belief that it was a "cop-out." dis-
suaded him. Irons could have ap-
plied for exemption as a conscien-
tious objector, but he objected to 
the "supreme being" clause as an 
infringment of the First Amend-
ment. 

So, along with his draft card, 
Irons sent back a letter outlining 
his objections to the draft and his 
refusal to have a physical exami-
nation to enter the army . Irons also 
appeared in coun before the House 
Armed Services Comminee as one 
of the first to testify against the 
Vietnam War. He proposed broad-
ening the exemption provisions to 
include those who expressed sin-
cere objections to the war on other 
bases than a belief in the supreme 
being. 

Nothing was done about Irons' 
refusal to serve his country until a 
week after the TonJcin Bay Resolu· 
tion, when he was indicted by 8 
federal grand jury in 1964. 

"I faced the judge in the federal 
district coun with apprehension 
and with the strange feeling that I 
was a spectator at a hadowy pro-
duction in which the actors went 
ritualistically through their roles," 
Irons wrote in his book, The 
Progessive. 

Irons pleaded not guilty, but 
was convicted and sentenced to 

Professor Peter Irons 
two concurrent three-year terms 
for refusinS to appear for both his 
physical examination and his in-
duction. 

A year later he appealed before 
the U.S. Sixth Circuit Coun of 
Appeals and was voted down by a 
two to one ruling. Irons was con-
demned to spend 26 months in 
Connecticut's Danbury Prison. 

"When I look back at the time J 
spent in prison, I realize it wasn't 
that bad. I met a lot of interesting 
people I would have never gotten 
to know on the outside. I realized 
that they were not that different 
from me," he said 

But a few incidents concerning 
the racial tensions during his con-
finement continue to stand out in 
Irons' mind. For example, the ra-
cial groups in the prisons were 
polarized by Martin Luther King's 
assassination in 1968, he said. 
Consequently, Irons was taken 
away from his African-American 
friends to protective custody. 

Funhermore, the inmates were 
segregated by race at the movie 
nights held every Friday. 

"One night," Irons said, "they 
were showing the Green Berets. 

Thursday, February 21, 1991 

When the Viet Cong held up their 
flag, the blacks cheered, not for 
any political reasons, but because 
they sympathized with their op-
pression. When the Americans 
hauled up the V.S. flag, the whites 
cheered. I was really surprised that 
there wasn'u racial fight." 

In 1969, after Irons finished his 
prison tenn, he ancoded Harvard 
LawScbool 

"Althouah I was not the only 
convicted felon who had gained 
admittance into the school, I was 
the only convicted felon who had 
his two letters of recommendation 
wrinen by former felons: Alger 
Hiss, who was indicted for being a 
Russian spy, and Howard ZiM, a 
well-noted anti-war activist," he 
said 

In law school,Irons looked into 
his case. He procured his FBI files 
and discovered that he was unlaw-
fully drafted. 

"I decided to file a petition with 
the coun to have my conviction 
reversed, for I was inducted a year 
before I should have been. They 
just wanted to punish those who 
were protesting the draft as an ex-
ample to others," Irons explained. 

Irons' conviction was over-
turncd,andonDecember18,1976, 
President Ford officially pardoned 
him. 

"I have never regretted the ex-
perience. J would do it over again if 
I had to. J gained a greater appre-
ciation for the legal system. law-
yers don't spend much time in jail, 
so this experience provided me with 
first-hand knowledge of how life is 
00 the other side of the bars," Irons 
said 

ATTENTION 
LOOKING FOR 

STUDENTS: THE 
GOOD MEN AND 

ASUCSD 
WOMEN! 

IS 
, I 
• • 

ARE YOU AMBITIOUS? WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE CHANGES ON CAMPUS? DO YOU WANT TO GET INVOLVED? DO YOU WANT YOUR VOICE TO BE 
HEARD? THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY: 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1991 ASUCSD SPRING ELECTIONS! 

FILING DATES: 

LAST DAY TO FILE: 
WHERE: 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: 

March 6th thru March 15th 
8 :00 am to 4:00 pm 
No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 

April 1st, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
In the A.S. Office, Price .Center, Third Floor 
SEE ANNA! 

EXECUTIYE OFflCERSj 
A.S. President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 

SENATORSj 

CQMMISIONERSj 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 
Operations, Services & 

Enterprises 
University Center Board 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators for: Muir, Revelle, Third, 
Warren, & Fifth. 

(FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT ANNA IN THE A.S. OFFICE AT 534-4450) 

Thursday, February 21, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD AFRICAN-AMERICAN HISTORY MONTH FINALE 

THERE'S NO MYSTERY 
, 

TOTHE HISTORY 
Guest Speakers: 

singer, JEFFREY OSBORNE 
& actor, DARRYL BELL 

( 'Ron' of A Different World) 

Also Featuring the African 
American Dance Troupe 'MALAIICA' 

and a Personal Video Presentation 
by the cast of A Different World 

EXHIBITS 
ARTIFACTS 
DOOR PRIZES 
FASHION 
Saturday, February 23, 1991 
7:00 pm-9:00 pm 
UCSD Price Center Ballroom 
Dance immediately following Ulllil I am 

ADMISSION: general $ 9.00, UCSD faculty/staff $ 8.00, all 
students $7.00, and $12.00 at the door. Tickets are available at 
UCSD Price Center Box Office and at all Ticketrnaster outlets. 
MORE INFO: call 534-2237 or 534-3362. Sponsored by 
UCSD's African American Student Union, Black Economic 
Society, Black Staff Association, Fifth, Muir, Revelle, Third, and 
Warren Colleges. 

UMMER SESSION 
9 9 

Spend summer 1991 at UCSD, one of the 
top research universities in the country, 
internationally known for its outstanding 
programs in the sciences, enginccring, 
computers, oceanography, and the arts. 
The first session is July I- August 2 and 
the second session is August S-Septembcr 
6. More than 200 undergraduate courses 
are offered. The UCSD campus is located 
just minutes from the charming coastal 
town of La Jol\a and some of Southern 
California's most beautiful beaches. For a 
free catalog (mailed in mid-March), phone 
(619) 534-4346, X14 or mail the form 
below. 

P/~ pUl me on Ihe rruli/ing lis/1o rl!cl'ioe II free Summer 
Session calalog in March. 
Name ______________________ ___ 

Address, _____________________ _ 
Cily, _______________________ __ 

Slalt _______________ Zip, _____ _ 

Mail 1o: Uniwrsi/y 0/ Cali/omiD, San Diego/Sum""" 
Session, 0179/9500 Gilrruln Drirlf'/u. Jot/a, Ol/i/o",ia 
92093-0179. 

UN I V E R SI T Y 0 f CAL I fOR N I A, SAN 0 lEG 0 

Are you a college 
student who worked 

during 1990? 
Maybe IRS owes you 

a tax refund! 
We have a "Refund Analyzer''TM computer program (5" IBM 
compatible disk) that analyzes your tax situation. Answer these 
five Yes/No que tion to ee if it can help you. 
Yes . ~ 

( ) 
( 
( ) 
( ) 

) 

( ) 
( ) 
( ) 
( ) 
( ) 

1. My income is only from W-2 and intere t. 

2. I'm single with no dependent . 

3. I have no deductions, including an IRA. 

4. I'm between 14 and 64 year of age. 

5. My total income for 1990 was less than $20,000. 

If you answered yes to all five questions, then our program will 
help you. To receive the Refund Analyzer™, just send $4.95 
check or money order to: 

Student Tax Service 
P.O. Box 880194 
San Diego, CA 92168 

Include your name and return address. 

~~~~[ffi~[L 
[p) ~~ ~ @ [M] ~ [ffi 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%·900k 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I[II~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 camino Santa Fe 

l i9'-=t Miramar, california 
(619)450-3323 

9 



10SCIBNCB The UCSD Guardian Tbunday, February 21, 1991 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Find oul how you cln hIVe your ",.dicollchloll.ilion. required booklln. 
lees plid in lull - plus .. rn ",orelhln S700 I ",onlh while you Inend ,chool. 

Clip and mall the coupon below. and we 'lI send you lull details on the Armed 
Forces Health Professions Scholarship Program 

We'lI tell you how you could qualify for a Physlclan's Scholarship from Ihe 
Army. Navy or All Force 

If selec ted. you'lI not only beat the high cost 01 medical school. you'lI also gain 
valuable med.cal e.peflence serving on act"e duty 45 days each school year as 
a commlss.oned off ice. In rhe Reserves 

Alte. graduation. you'lI ~erve three years or more depending on the Service 
you select and the level 01 scholarship assistance you receive as a respected 
Armed Forces physlcl~ n You 'll also get good pay .• egular hours. great benefits 
and the chance to work w.th a valletv of patients and the latest medical 
technology 

If you meet the age reqUifements noted below fo. the Serv.ce of your chOice 
and want to cu t the expense of medical sch ool send for more Information today 

-------YES• S.nclmt"'''''.~'''''''''''Ar .... Fo<t .. H .. ''h_ ..... 5<'''''sIIoo'''''''''''''''''''''I • ~;; KhOOi e._penses I mtd the aoe flqulfemtMS ltOIed DtIow 
IlIno.~iIlCIl am unotr ItO 0bIIQ;If1Oft 
IIbIIltltS coupon 10 Armed rOtCtS ScfIoIM~ PO aa.. 2865 
H, ...... '" 5 ...... >IV 111' 606 9018 
ChiC" up to Ituee Army ..., 

(1.30' .. ' .... '" 1f1 .. _ ..... , 

Name "'I-~-

Ai" .. ,t 
(1130""' ..... ' 

femal. 
Address __ Apt , 

(!IV 5 ••• , _ z,p( I LLLl 
Phon, Soc Sec No [ UJ L...L...L..I....J 
CO"'9' (0 '" B,,'. Oa •• rn rn CD 

o. 'u' 
r leld of SlUdy _ _ G,.dUilllon 0,11 CD 

'he ,"Io''''~IIO'' ~ \/0"''''.' ' ,Iow·dll b, '''1Ot1f101 1'Cf''''IIIf~ IhI r","~ TN 1ftO/' C .... pI,:·" It In. "'" 
b,nff WI [ I " I~,pond to '!'OIII reCluf'1Io1 IAIII , .. , 10 USC !OJ I 

-------

VIRUS 
COntInued from pIIge • 
known toemtlt took him approxi-
marel), five years to build 10 x-ray 
crystallography machine, now 
known simply as "Xuong's ma-
chine." While the machine didn't 
gain acceptance by the scientific 
community until 1980, it is now 
thought of as one of the best ma-
chines in the field. 

In order to use Xuong' s machine 
to visualize protein structures, a re-
searcher crystallizes the protein 
being studied, and mounts it in a 
computerized apparatus for holding 
and moving the crystal. 1be di-
mensions of the proteins are mea-
sured by bombarding the crystal 
with x-rays from a variety of direc-
tions. 

The computer acts as a lens, 
reassembling x-rays SC8IImld by the 
crystal into a recognizable image. A 
tIwo-dimensiona model of the mol-
ecule can then be COIlWUCled. It takes 
between two days and one wedc to 
coUect daIa OIl the crystal structure. 

The important feaIures of the rna-
chine we ilSspccd-lOOlimes faster 
than any other method of x-ray CI}'S-
tallography - and the fact thai only 
one crystal is needed This is impor-
tant because crystals of proteins we 
difficult to grow. 

''The machine does somedling rot 
possible before," Xuoog said. ''The 
NationallmtitulC of Health classifies 
our lab as a national research resource 
because the rn.:hine WOIts so wen." 

Xuong's involvement in A.I..D.S. 
reseaICh began when he was c0n-
tacted by Wayne HeOOric\cson, a hie>-
chemist and moIccuIar biologist with 
the Howard Hughes Institute at C0-
lumbia University. Using Xuong's 
machine, they ~ able todetennine 

the SO\ICIIR fi. proICin caUed CD4. 
"Last yar I got a pbJne c.Il fn:m 

Dr. Hendrickson. who ... me 1hII be 
had two IX' tine aySIII& of CD4," 
Xuong saicI. ., pupteed fur him to 
oome here for ooDabonDon to 1Ol~ 
the strucIUIfS.In two werb. we wae 
able to ooIka a lot of dID. We nlIKIe 
about 2OO.(XXl measuremeru. He 
brouga. [the infonnalion) bacIt to 
Columbia and within six mondIs he 
WlIS able to cane up wiIh the SIIUC-
tures." 

CD4 isamoleculconthesurfaceof 
a dockins sa fur IDV koown .. T 

~IX'TceIls. TheprolCinis 
uI4lOI1aIlIOAlD.s. marchbecalse 
mv is able 10 change a>4 im> a 

~,Xoong said. 
Once the virus IIIIIIChes to CD4, it 

injects its geodic nwaial into the ceU 
and takes\X)ll.11II1d, incorporarlng its 
genetic maIaiaI irm thai of the cell. 
When HlV is in control, it begim to 
create new copies of itself. This pr0-
cess destroys the ce1l, .eleasing the 
copies into the bloodstream of the 
host. where they can attack other T 
cells. 

Acwrding to Xuong, some drug 
corrpIIlic:s we prescntly trying tosyn-
thesize a mo1ccu1e with a structure 
similanotheloopofCD4thatprimarily 
Ie8CtS with HIV. OnelCChnique being 
tested is saIUnIlion of the bloodsuam 
with a drug consisting ofCD4 clones. 
The virus would bird to the drug 
instead of to T cells, thus prevmIing 
the virus from reproducing. Acc0rd-
ing to Xuong. the best use fur the 
machine is in designing new drugs. 
DebiliUtti .. Side meets 

Studying the virus's effects on the 
brain are Dr.lgtrGranl and a lCIml of 
over sixty JCSeIIchers from UCSD, 
the Navy, and the Depulll1entofVet-
eram' Affairs 01 A) Hospital. They 
make uptheinvestigati~ group of the 

IDV Neurobehavioral Research Cen-
ter (}(NRC) aI the UCSD SchJoI of 
Medicine in 1989. 

"HIV affa:ts the central nervous 
sysaan very e.Iy on. ... In 1981, 
doctoB began ooticing that some 
[AID.s.) pabenlS developed pr0b-
lems with thinking, remembeling ... 
instabilityol gait, probIcIm with coor-
du.ion. [and] loss of feeling to the 
fingers ullDeS. They -ed. why IIJe 
paIims geaing this? Why is the ner-
vous system being affected?" Gnn 
said. 

According toGnn. somedoclors 
began to wonder who gels psych0-
logical ul neurological ~ 
lionsduetotnV ul why some people 
are particularly vulnerable to such 
00IJ1Ilicati0ns They also warud to 
know how AZT ani other thentpy 
drugs a1Rct the neuro1ogical 'Irld psy-
chological complications. 

Gnn ooeed thid when tnV enm 
the brain. it can be scc:n early on in the 
infcction.lfonewaetodraw asample 
of cereInl spinal fluid and try to cui-
tuJe HIV from it, in IDCRdalllllfthe 
C&'IeS, the virus can be found, even in 
the first year of infection. 

He also said thai even if a pabeu 
does not exhibit HlV irtfcc:li<lm in the 
brain, he or she may ha~ other brain 
infa:tions that could not be prevented 
because the immme system has been 
debilitatId While this is intaesting to 
HNRC researchers. Gnn said that 
ocher viruses are not their main focus. 

While they orx:e thought thai1m)' 
paticttwith tnV in the cerdnlspinal 
fluid would have neurobehavioral 
~ ann and his tan 
have found that many parlents may be 
infected, but not affccIrd. 

As a result of this revelation, they 
ha~ begun to question why some 
people IIJe affccIcd ani othen not. 

See VIRUS, page 11 

BEING-FIT® AEROBICS UCSD's International 
SIyle FilM TIme Mon. rUl. Wid. Thur. Fri. SIt. Sun. 

6:05·7:00 Reebok Reebok Reebok 
Steps Steps Steps 

9:00·10:00 Combo Muscle Combo Muscle Combo Reebok 
Cond. Cond. Steps 

9:30-10:30 Reebok 
Steps 

4:30-5:30 Low Reebok Low Reebok Low Low 
Steps Steps 

5:30-6:30 Burner Low Burner Low Combo 

6:30-7:30 Muscle Muscle Muscle Muscle 
Cond. Cond. Cond. Cond. 

7:30·8:30 Reebok Low Reebok Low 
Steps Steps 

Bring thiS ad In ~ $20 per month on a monthly basis • No initiation Fee for a Free Class • Freewelgh~ • Nautilus • Ufecycles • Stalrmosters 
. . 

BEING FI'W'OO 3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd., Ooltemont Square ShoppIng Center _ .& - near Lee WOIOS. behind Pots Spor1 463-m. 
01So lOcated near SOSU (696-1 7(fl) 

presents the 
San Diego 
Premiere 
of 

Arlstoghanes' 

FROGS 
LONDON SMALL THEATRE COMPANY 

PrIce Center Theater, UCSD 
Much 1-3.8:00 p.m. 

Price Center Box Offlce or ncket Master: 
UCSD Community: $3.00 • General Public $6.00 

"The single best production of a Greek drama we've 
seen anywhere.· ~ Yorlcer 

'ThIs was the best piece of theater the San DIego _ has 
seen for a long time." jonathan Savtlle. 5.In DIego RacIer 

Sponsored by Dean 01 Arts and Humanities, The Stew .... Fund, CowldI 01 Provom, 
Department of Literature. Ind Union of OassIcIsU AS/UCSD 

(~repdna '-,-', ~ oIC1OC.a1 

Thursday, February 21,1991 

VIRUS 
Continued from pege 10 
One possibility Grant mentioned was 
thai ~ strtIim of the virus may 
catseneurobehavioral~ 
but others may not. 

Aa:ording to Gram. another ap-
proach being taken by HNRCtosolve 
the viral mysteIy is neuropaIhology. 
Dr. Oayton Wiley, with patient pm-
consent, performs an autopsy on 
Al.D.S. patierus, looking for pres-
ence of HlV and other viruses in the 
brain. 

NewupsychoiogislS .. HNRC IIJe 
studying memory, inIdligence, and 
laISOIlingabilities inAID.S. patients, 
on theassun¢on thai all of these tend 
to go awry when there is an infection 
in the brain. 

One of the more astonishing stud-
ies being conducted at HNRC uses 
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) 
to take "phorographs" of the brain. 
This is helpful to researcher.i. as they 
can study the progressing effects of 
the virus on a living brain. 

Onedefonnationcaused by HlV is 
the enlargement of area<; filled with 
brain fluid. naning thai the brain has 
shrunk and is being replaced by fluid. 
Through the MRI, researchers can 
also SlUdy the architecture of the bmin 
in living patients. "[But) it's like a 
photograph in time - it doesn '( teU 
you how the brain is functioning,·' 
Grant said. 

Grant said that what they have 
learned over the past two years is that 
the presence of the virus in cerebral 
spinal fluid, in the shon term, does not 
predict whether the person will have 
newulogical or psychological c0m-
plications, that people with AZf 
treaImenl show an improvement in 
circulation in the brain, and that they 
understand more of how lllV af-
fects neurological functions. 

UCSO Price Center 
(by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian 

Music For Your Eyes. 

U2 LASERIUM 
\X!hat happens when you mix krypton dnd argon Ia~('r.'i with 
some of l 2'5 greatest hits' You get 
an Incredible laser-llghwpcdcn". S·~ : 
We call it 2 Laserium. You'll ca ll it ---- ,(F 
awesome. Call 238-11 for -how- - -
times. Then come by for an eyeful. THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 1O'k drscounr wirh Slutitllf 1.0 . 

CHOC 
GOLD 

I 
4- ......... 

II \ .;' ::=.n~= FREE I 
. - Bud', Ice Cream PIIrIor I 

I . Mel I8t • 2nd cone E.qIiNS 3/5;91 I 

For your 
convenience 
call ahead 

455·7229 

SCIENCB 11 

Costa 
Verde 
Center 
west of 

UTe 

"Best Mexlun food In SuI Dleso" -KfM8-TV. Channel 8 

Make Us Your 
Hang Out Plac.el 

1 00/'0 0 F F * MY repIAr piked lllenu IteID, uydIIIe. 7C Just present your UCSD ID. 
·Not _ "'" W'Y __ DI opocIoJ. 

----------.---------I Save over $1 50 I Save over $1 00 I 
I I I 
I Bunito Ranchero I Bunito Grande I I wtth rter and black beans I RIce. black beans. le11UCe. guacamole. I 
I $ 6 cheese. sour cream. salsa and came asada 3 9 I or chtck~ In a "our tortilla I I I &. soft drink $399 I 
I Not 'aliCh"'" W'Y DChtr olio< DI spocoaI ~~ I Not .. oj WI'" any _ 0/1 .. DI opecooI v_. _ c~..w< I 
L Ex!> lI2G'J' ~ Ex!>.:mIfl ~ _________ ..a.: _______ .;-_..1 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 

Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$149 $199 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard 

CLAIRE MONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

(619) 695·9952 ~. . ............... . 
•••••••••••••••••••••• '-__________________ ---J 

• 



12 CLASSIFlBDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Cen1efs provides warmth, 
education, prayer, socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Students I 502 
Matthews; east 01 the PrIce Center. Cal 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (1(7·3115) 

-You can no more win a war than you can 
win an earthquake: Jeannette Rankin 
(1880-1 973) (1117·2124) 

Boos1 your resumel Pick up an appIicalion 
for the Golden Key National Honor Sod91y/ 
al USB 4000. Applications due March 
20th. Juniors and seniors with minimum 
3.4 GPA are eligible. (1128·311 4) 

2 Bay Ar.. RT IIrp1t1ne t1clletl $40 
each I Leaves SD Sat. Feb 23 e.rfyl 
returns 8:45 Monday momlngl (Oakland). 
Rrst dibs. 535-0484. (2111 ·2121) 

When seconds counl, breathe a little easier 
with MICRQ-M ED. The microfilm medical 
1.0 . Crud Ihat could possibly save your 
lifel MICRQ-MED Is an assel to everyone's 
life young/old , illiweli. Call Gabrielle (619) 
546-6014. (2111 ·2128) 
Third College studenlS inleresled in writing 
for and working on a student run college 
newspaper, Slop by the Third College 
Dean's OHice, or call 534-4390. (2/14-2/ 
28) 

MUSIC TECH '91 - Feb. 23rd and 241h. 
See the newest In plO audio keyboards, 
guitars. drums. software. amps. and much 
morel Over a dozen performance clinlca 
by hot studio musicians and awesome 
doorpnzes. Call New World Music & Sound 
formorelnlo. 569·1944. (2I19·2I21) 

JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales from a true 
professional and you Wl il never worry again 
about your nexl paycheck. Sophomores 
- Juniors - Sanlors - Allend Bob 
lalrate's seminar March 2. See ad pg. 3. 
(211 &-2128) 

The San Diego Constilutional Inlegrity 
AlWance, in anticlpallon of the Feb. 25th 
Christic Insl ilule oral arguments in the 
Miami Federal Appelale Court. presenlS a 
video: 'Murder on Ihe Rio San Juan," a 
documenlary aboullhel a Penca bombing 
- the basis of lhe Christic Instilulelawsult 
Thursday Fe bruary 21. 7 :30 p.m. 
University Lutheran Church and Sludent 
Center 9595 La JoliaShores Dr. And letter 
writing project. Free. (2119·2121) 

The Warren College L1lerary·Ar!s Joumal 
deadline has been extended to Friday, 
February 22. B & Wart, poetry and prose. 
Cash prizes each category . Warren 
studenls only . Enlry forms and 
submissions to MAAC 410 (Warren 
Writing). Questions - 534·3068. (2119·21 
21) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited 10 companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Wednesdays are UCSD nlghl al LJ 
Brewery. From 8 :30 ull closing you can gel 
$1 .75 PlOts of lhe best beer In Sa.n Olego. 
One laste and you'lI come back lor more. 
And don~ forgel, lell 'em the Guardian 
sent you.(2121 ·3114) 
Fr .. Fr. Fr. The Elhnographlc Film 
Club Presents "The Gods Must Be Crazy" 
with "N'ai : The Story of a Kung Woman," 
Tuesday, February 26, Peterson Hall 1 04. 
Fr. Free Free (2121 ·2125) 

I SERVICES 
Olga Barl- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
OItcounlS. 558·46441226·1 962. (1/17-31 
14) 

TYPINGIII'II type your term papers, etc. 
quickly and Inexpensively. Laser printer. 
Call Jenniter 546·1 856. (1122·2121) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you walt. Xeroxes 
and more. Near 51. Germains. 452·9949. 
(1122·616) 

8mm TRANSFER III Convert 8mm films 
to VHS. For one low price I Call nowl Sl9· 
272·0868. (1128·2128) 

WORD PROCESSING: Papers. Theses, 
~s. Resumes, Highest Ouality 
-I..owet Prices, Laser Jet II I, Campus 
PIdcup. 632·7974. (214·2125) 

AUTO REPAIR YOU CAN AFFORDI Wilh 
lhe Guardian ad for Su.penslon Plus 
enjoy FREE inspections and allgnmenl 
checks and low COSI specials on brake 
jobs, oil changes, and fronl end alignment 
Close to campus on Miramar Rd. 558· 
8562 (2(7·2121) 

JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales from a Irue 
professional and you will never worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomores 

COMPUTER RENTALS. Daily, weekly, 
monthly rales. Hourly rentals on·site by 
appoinlmenl Close 10 UCSD. 581-6892 
(2(7·2128) 

TAX PREPARATlON. Vary accurate and 
reliable. Close to campus and student 
discounts. Call MIKE: 558·7853 (2(7.3/ 
11) 

Typing/Word Processln g- Fast, 
Accurate. Pickup and delivary. CaliSand)', 
755-4316. (217·2125) 

OON'T NEG LECT YOUR NAILSI Get them 
In shape for upcoming formals and social 
events . Specials Include acrylics for 
$18.99. fills $12. manialres & pedicures 
only $15.95. Also waxing and facials. 
NAILS BY JENNIFER. 56()'0325. (2(7·21 
21) 

English lUIoring by College Instructor. All 
levels. Private and small-group sessions. 
Current rales. 462·5682. (2114-2121) 

Have you recetved your W·2 form yet? II 
not, nolify your employer because you 
may quality for an Income lax refund. Find 
out more. JUSI look for the Studenl Tax 
Service ad in lodey's Guardian. (21t 4.2/26) 

Math tutoring. Competent. caring, heipfor 
lhose overwhelmed. Don't be distressed. 
Student rates, caU, 483·7816. (211&-3111) 

FACIAL, BODYWRAP, WAXING , 
LASHTlNT, 20% off first time clients. 
Pinwheels Costa Verde, 558·1858. (211 &-
317) 

Let me do itl Professional word processing. 
I'll work with you to produce a quality 
paper. Editing as requested/any format. 
Pickup/Oelivery , student rates. Call Sue 
@ 291-1355. (211 9·2I21) 
THE WO RD PROFESSIONAL : 

WANTED 
Need CMtI?Wedellvwrl DomIno'a PIzza 
Is now hiring for all positions. Management 
opportunities available. Compietetraining 
program. If you are 18 years old, have a 
valid drivers license, auto insurance, an 
excellent driving record, and access to a 
car, you can : Earn up to $1 01 hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom of betng on the 
road. workftexible hours. APPL YTODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 321 1 Holiday CI. 
452·UCSD. Please apply after 3p.m. (1/ 
1 ()'616) 

Summer management Internship 
interviews now taking pface. Gain valuable 
experience managing a team of 
employees, customers, and suppliers. 
Successful applicants will undergo 
extensive Iralnlng . Average summer 
earnings range $8·15,000. Call "Studenl 
Palnters"forlnformation. I-800-426-6441. 
(1122·3111) 

Medical and Graduate students·help tutor 
Medical Students In Basic Sciences 
starting March 19, 1991 . Earn $15/hr. 
Contact Dave Hacker 714-856-4037. (1/ 
31·314) 

Tired of low wages and long hours? 00 
you want to earn more? (619) 758-4602. 
(214-4125) 

t need 200 people desiring _aIth wilhout 
the cotpOnIte rat race. Call 271-4940 for 
information. 271-4940 (2(7,512) 

Wanted 100 people. We'll pay you SS to 
lose 10·29 Ibs. In Just 30 daysl Doctor 
Recommended. 100% Guaranteed. 
1(800) 487·3230. (211 4·2121) 

See Pink Aoyd 'e "The Wall " Friday at 7 - Juniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 

Experfenced. Word Processing with editing 
for repo rts, manuscr ipts, resumes, 
dissertations, and letters. Student Rates. 
Modem. Laser printer. 9·7 Mon·Frl. 
Weekend Appointments. 753·5964. 152 t 
Summij Ave., Cardiff. (2121) 

FU LL TIME RESEARCH 
ASSISTANTSHIP PSYCHIATRY DEPT. 
UC IRVINE 1·2 YEAR POSITION. 
Statistical, computer, cl inical, research 
experience preferable. Work with PET, 
MRI dala For more Information call : Chad 
(714) 856-7661 . (2114-2125) 

and 9:30, Price Cenler. Admission: one latrale's seminar March 2. See ad pg. 3. 
dollar. (211 9·2121) (211 9·2128) 

Thunday, February 21,1991 

OppoI1unity and rewwding experience : 
I'm looking lor flYe motivaled students 
who wish to gain valuable 6ales and 
marketing experience I While ICheiving 
your degree. Part lime welcome. Call 27()' 
sse7. 2 p.m. 10. p.m. (211 &-2121) 

Col ..... Pro PIIIn ..... North AmerIca's 
Iwgeat student houM paln1ing company 
is now ~ng eppIicaIions for summer 
amanagement Internships. SUC08ISful 
applicants win receive extensive training 
and gain valuable management 
elCp8rience. A-.ge su,",,*, eamings 
range from 18000--412000. er.nct.s_ 
filling fut. So act now. CII CoIIega Pro 
PaInWa today 1-800-882·2762. (2121-31 
. ) 

FOR SALE 
FUTONS BY WEIGHT. California 
Administrative Code-Title 4 Chapter 3, 
Article 2, Section 1120, 0-1 G-requires a 
futon'sfilling nelweight be known. We add 
ticking (nalural) and sell futons for $1.0401 
pound. (Gross _ Ight on our sealed 
Oetectoscale.) An 8" queen, 70 pounds, 6 
layers, Is $96. The number of layers In a 
futon Is hogwash. Always know the weight 
to compare shop and be sure. For potyoore 
add $22($21 0). Roth'sWarehouse, 4807· 
F Meralry Streel. Thursdays, 12·7 p.m.; 
Fridays, 12-6 p.m., Saturdays, 10 B.m.·5 
p.m., Sundays, 11 a.m. -4 p.m. 292-4673. 
(I n ·2125) 
SHARP LAPTOP for sale. 640K RAM. 
40Mb HD, 720K 3.5" FD, lCD with CGA 
Includes Avarex 1200E external modem, 
printer cables. carrying case, and OVet 
20Mb of IBM and PO software. Great for 
the student on the go. $16OO1firm. Cal 
259· 7639 leave message. (214-2121) 

Fulon - beaul iful color, special frame, 
upgraded leatures, Includes lab1es, new, 
sacrifice $95, can deliver 226·1396. (214-
2128) 

196&-1 990 Yearbooks are here'" Avallable 
at UCSD Bookslore Collegiate Shop (2nd 
Floor) - $29.95. (2111·2121 ) 

VESPA for sale. Rallye 200. Runs well. 
Good shape. $6OOIobo. Calt Jeremy at 
454-8189. (211.·2125) 
Hey I This Is the car for you ... New/Rebuilt 
Datsun wagon. GREATI $11 00I0b0. 299-
2561 . (21104-2125) 

Stereo for sale- record, CD, tape deck. 
and speakers. $ 150. Call Michele 535-
9219. (2114-2121) 

'81 Jeep CJ7 4cyt. 53K runs great, soli 
tope, many x·lras. Must sell 10 pay for 
Spring atr. $.250. Call Darold 271· 
6811.(2114·311.) 

Bose AM5 speakers. Never used (still In 
box), paid $750 will sel" for 1575. 27()' 
8918, 6 p.m . • 12 am. (211&-2125) 

- - . ., . - - - - - - - - - - - - - . ... - -I Mo.qulto Auto Repair. Subaru & 
I o~ LtC ~ Hondas. By appointment Best ral. In 
I ~,£ a [] p Y ~~ I North County. 15 ye.,. professional Wanted: Subjects from Boston area needed lor music perception experiment. No musicexperience neoassary. $ 1 O/hour. Call Dina at 558-1385. (211 &-2125) 

Cannondale SRSOO Road Bike. All new 
Shlmano 600 group Including clipless 
pedals. AYOOat compu18r. 58 em frame. 
Perfec1cond1tion, Adrienne, -453·2753. (2I 
19-2121) 

~ ... ~ O~ I experlenoe. 758·2332. (2121 ..... ,1) 
~~ T 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

, . , , 

UPHOLSTERY BY GALE. Boats, 
Fumijure, Cushions. Pillowl. Reasonable 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS I rates. Oceanside 758-2332.(2121-4111) 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS : GETYOURMOTORRUNNINGILowCOSl 

VELO & r;OMB BINDING tune up&- 4 cyf. $29.99, S cyf. $39.99, 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

I Includes spark plugs, timing adj., 
I carburetor adj. Smog Check only $19.99. 
I C&D AUTO CARE. 558-2436.(2121·3114) 
I WORD PROCESSING everything from 
I term papers to resumes. 2. HOUR 

M·F 8 30·!; p m r, ':,. 
SERVICEAVAILABLE,7·DAYSAWEEK. 
-450-0812. (2Il.3I7) 

Sat. 1·4 p m . W,th UCSO ID 

r--------------------, I 
:7Jshoha DISSERTATION I WORKSHOPS I 

I CUISINE OF INDIA t.4osl doctoral sludems (64·91%), after 
I A WARD WINNING completing their course wor1I. remain With a dissenatlOll pending CQrIllIelion indef~ 
I FREE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT Mely. Among these ABDs (AD·B: 1-Ihe· I BUfFET LUNCH Dlsse~atlon ) are generally lound Ihe I DINNER bnghlesl and most creallve candrdales. Addressing lhose elements Inlltllved In de-
I $6e95 laYing complelron. the workshop guides When you purchase one of equal or I panopants, lrom beginning to fOllOwlrlQ greater value (up 10 S 10.95 value) Everyday with coupon Ihrough and complellOn, pa~lCUla rly after 
I Not valid Friday, Saturday &. through 3/6/91 years 01 N ellYii)' and regardless 01 where 
I holidays. Expires 3/6 /9 1 Regularly $8.95 Ihey are In the process 
I Open 7 days lunch &.. dinner workshop inlormation 
I 8008 Girard Avenue, La Jolla " 454-6163 985-0426 (2nd floor comer of lower Girard &.. Prospect St.) Postgraduate Group L ____________________ ~ 

Seek female for bowing team nextquarter, 
Sunday nights .,1 p.m. Call 500, 578-
6843. (211&-2121) 

Part time help needed for busy postal 
businea. Apply 7770 Regents M1t13. 
(Von's Canter). (211 &-2128) 
SIaff WanIed: RoughIn It Day Camp In 
S.F. East Bay hiring aummer 19911 
Positions: Counselors, swim & riding 
Instructors, water·lronl , environmental 
education, sports, transportation director. 
Exparienoa, rela. Call (415) 283-3795. (21 
21) 

Hey Beginnersl 2 used surftIoardI: 8'." 
only S75 each. WeIUts 1001 Call 558-
8037. (2121'317) 
Glbaon HOItowbody lor sale. Muat ..... 
$600 obo. Greal oondition, Worth $1000. 
Mar1127G-3817. (2121) 

Man'. 23" bIcyde, cIIpIeu pedaIa $300 
obo. Zulu surfboard, yellow, .- $250 
obo. L .. 558-3729. (2121) 

DfSCOUNT AIRLINE TlCKETSI 
Anywhereln the world. GreatIorV8Callona 
and In ........ Cal Randy 558-2168. (21 
21·2/25) 

---, 

UCSO: 
I 
I 

10%1 STAIITEIM. a ..... $t911STMlED 
..... ,- """""'110 
. VIt.IaI~ .... '*-"" W'ow discount: . t=-=-...:.ar:m~ .. nof uno.....,WIIl 2fW.l .. 

r------·-cii-iTiiiii·------l 
with I 

: INSIAlWION IIIICIS I I : :~=-- " .. t» I 
, .-._ mil I this I : :=::Q til : 
I· ........ .IIi 1 I : ..... .....-......w I 

ad L .. _ ... __ ..... __ .... _ .. .. ___ ... _ .. .. ...... " I 
---..I 

Thunday, February 21,1991 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST CAT - UGHT ORANGE FemIIe 
long hair SI00 rward "OPIE: MIla 
housing .... J.:k 558-0938. (112&-2128) 

Lost CIIcuIator - Hewlett PId<InI <48SX. 
" found pIeae 00I1UIcI Bob at 558-8061 . 
BIg rwMI. (211.2I21) 

LOST Gold ring. famIy crwt andinlcriptlon 
on face. High aen~ value, lWWaI'd. 
Jim 554-0373. (2119-411) 

Foun6- JacIcet and Various Items at 
0eItIy Days lip Synch on 211. Call Joe 
259-8941.(2121 ) 

HOUSING 
DelMa- Condo, 2 brl2ba. fumIIhed. pool, 
spa, utilities, beach. 1425 first. S850 
1heruIter. gs1 ~9n. (In·2125) 

~Townhouse$200-$3OO/perIon, 
near UCSD, available now,layaway plan 
available. Bin 272-6508. (214-3114) 
Non-slllOkM wanted 10 ahant 2-bedroom 
apertmenI on ~ near Nobel wtth 
Graduaaliludent. QuIet complex, pool, 
BBC .... weight equipment. $380 + 112 
UIiI1III +1250 depoaItlor MaW bedroom. 
Call Gary for more Information. 695-
7815(worIc) <45O-157V(home). (2I4-2I21) 
ROOMMATE WANTEDII Own rm. & 
blhrm, hot tub, pool, sauna, 5 min from 
school. ASAP 10 6 • 30. S450 + 113 util. 
457-8093. (217·2I21) 
M/F NonamoIcerto 111_ 2 bdr., 1 112 bath 
fumr.hed townhouse apt. near campus, 
pool, jacuzzi, canyonview. $35OImo., 112 
utIIl1Ies pIuI depoeIt. Available March 1 at. 
Call Unda at 558-9025. (2111·2128) 
FeIMe Roommate Wanted. Single in 3 
bedroom fumlahed 1DWIIhcge. 1 112 miles 
from UCSD. $3OOImonth, deposit, 1/3 
utiIIti8l.AYaII. Now. Call Kathy 558·1316. 
(2114-2121 ) 
FREEl NOWf La Jolla Colony. Bedroom! 
BIIItI. Who: Clean female, no IITIOkIngi 
peta. Brian 455-1212. (2114-21251 
Mira M-. RMpoIlllblef8rMle 10 IhIre 3 
bedroom Itome, own room $260. call Joy 
578-6523. (2119-2121) 

ROOMS FOR RENT In HUGE 2-&ory 3 
Bedroom Condo I Only 5 minu1eato UCSOI 
W8Iher and dry.r In IdIchenI Patio, pool, 
~,and morel Only $345Imonth. 
c.II 558-2378.{2I21·2/25) 

CHEAPANDCLOSETOCAMPUSIMaIeI 
femaIe.'other nonamokAIr needed to IhIre 
2BR Meu apartment. $2<W Includn 
utIItIeal AVIIabIe now, Wthe HouaIng NazIa 
wi. let you In (you're a gracUmed S1udent 
or p8fp8IUaI undervad). Call StINe at 
<450-2157 or 450-0801. (2119-2121) 

• W. bag every comic 
• Games & Cards 
• W •• Free Oisc:ooots 
• In sIore SI.baa iptioI1 aarvice 
• We're open ~ 7 pm. wvery day 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIAL 

2e9¢ per copy 
lIIIIimited, 20 lb. Wh tt I I EIItgIIo ___ Iii \ J~D . .!J 

La---". i_ 
I ute • 

9360 Towne Centre Dr. Sit:. 130 
San Die&o, CA 92121 

554-1. 
~ ... :vJt9I 

LA JOLLA CONDO. Own roomIbath. 2 
miles from C8fI1)UI: $3l)01mo. 1/3 utilities. 
535-0715. (2111·2125) 

$2751mo. Female roommate. La Jolla 
Shore. 1 at & lui pIUI $1 00 depoeit. Futon 

$5O.~1371,iNvem. ges (211&-21 
25) 
UNIVERIfTY CITY .... 1 or 2 femIIeI 
needed to .,.. nice 3 bedroom houae. 
(own room). 10 min. to UCSO. Waaher/ 
DryIr, patio, plano. no II1'IOk8rs, drug., 
pall. Call M.nt at 534-2391 (1T1IISIIIQ8 : 
534-3383). (2119-2121) 

W'" 10 UCSO. Two bedroom condo for 
rent Pool, garage. Partially furnished. 
$850. 587~715. (2119-2121) 

SingII room In CIaIremont. $216.25/mon1h. 
Ava!!abIe March 1. Last month deposit. 
Call 274-92<42. (2121) 

Room In CIaIremonttownhouse. Laundry, 
pooI.spa. near busline. $2<45 + 1/4 util. 
Jack 53<4·2591. (2121 ,2125) 

The UCSD Guardian 

DEL MAR • ROOMMATE NEEDED-
Malter bedroom with bath, washer/dryer 
In apartment. Tennis, pooI,jacuzzl, weight 
room. $US for 1 or $260 each for 2. Call 
792-0093. (2121) 
Large mu1er bedroom available _ 
UCSD. Private bath, sundec:K, washer/ 
dryer. Available now thIOugh end of June. 
$430 IingIel$5OO double oa:upancy + 11 
3 utilities. ~1829. (211&-3115) 
$300 DEL MAR, One Block to Beach, 
Share Room, Great Place. callAeave 
message. 755-9719. (2111,2121) 
AoornmateWanIed(MIF)IIOwnfumlahed 
room In spacious bI·!eYeI condo 15 min. 
from UCSD. ln·housewasher/dryer, cable 
lV, pooIt1acuzzl; all amenitlesl $3101mo., 
no ullities. Call S ...... 271-681 (2121-314) 

PERSONALS 
WewantYOUforRiSCSTAFFIComajoin 
the funl Applications at RISC office, 534-
4482. (21 1&-2121) 

Third College students Interested In writing 
for and working on a .lUCIent run ooIlege 
newspaper, stop by the Third College 
Dean's OIfloe, or call ~. (2114-21 
28) 

JOB SECURITY FOR THE REST OF 
YOUR LIFE. Learn sales from a 1nJe 
profeaional and you wi_worry again 
about your next paycheck. Sophomore, 
- Juniors - Seniors - Attend Bob 
latrate's seminar March 2. See ad pg. 3. 
(211 &-2128) 

R1SCAI~ Reunion this Sat .. Feb23rd. 
Call the RIse office lOam. to 2 p.m. 
Tuesday lhrough Friday, Detallsl 534-
<4<4821 (211&-2121) 

SId In SIIorta with RlSCI Jackson Holel 50 
days skiing, March 23·30. Tickets at Box 
Office. 53-4-+482. (211 9·2121) 

Epsilon Pi: No rain or sleet could keep us 
awey from skiing Mountain Pi! Love, Alpha 
Omega Pi. 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Hey Beglnnersl 2 used surlboards: 6'." 
only $75 each. WetsuilS 1001 Call 558-
8037. (2121 ·317) 

Had enough of_all, watered down beer? 
Want a beer that will scintillate the old 
taste buds? The La Jolla BrllWllf}' makes 
four beers that will please the most 
discerning palate. Check It out, and tell 
them that the Guardian sent you l (2121·31 
14) 

Congratulations newly elected IFC 
Pr sident Greg Stein from your Phi Kappa 
Theta brothersl (2121) 

Congratulafions Nate Chang for second 
place In USD Crilerium Race and Ihlrd In 
Road Racel (2121) 

Want to Know Where 
Your Liberal Arts Degree 

Can Lead? 
Your bachelor's degree, combined with a Master's from the Annenberg chool 

for Communication, can take you into a management career in mass m dia, 
telecommunications , public policy, corporate communication, and more. 

Here's what some recent graduates of Annenberg's M.A. program are doing: 
Paramount Pictures 
Vice-President, TV Programming 
Walt Disney Co, 
Analyst, International TV Marketing 

MGM/UA 
Director, European Sales & Marketing 
International Home Video 

J, Walter Thompson 
Sr. Account Executive 

Price Waterhouse 
Senior Telecommunications Consultant 
Abbeville Press 
New Projects Editor 
Warner Bros . Records 
Coordinator, International Publici ty 

Black Entertainment Television 
Director of Operations and 

Business Development 

Goldman, ach & Co. 
Senior Telecommunications Analyst 
The Learning Channel 
Vice President, 

Affiliate Sales & Marketing 
National Cable TV Association 
Director, State & Local 

Regulatory Issues 

Tribune Broadcasting 
Strategic Planning Analyst 
Pacific Telesis 
Director, Strategic Analysis' 

Federal Communications Commission 
Analyst, Legal Affairs 

Capital Cities/ABC 
Research Manager 

American Diabetes Association 
Public Affairs Director 

Your graduate education at the Annenberg School, USC, includes a choice among 30 seminars in 
communications management. Here are some offerings that serve different career interests: 

Law and Public Policy; International Communications; Communications 
Technologies; Diffusion of Innovations; Communication in Organizations; 
Business Strategies of Communication Industries; Media in Social Services; 
Arts and the New Media; Communication Research; Economics of Communication. 

Scores of other courses throughout the University can also be used in completing your seven-course 
program, 

Los Angeles is a world capital of communications; Annenberg's Career Development Office helps 
you get internships for on-the-job learning. Supervised internships are also available in Washington , 
D.C. Extensive alumni network works in behalf of graduates. 
........••..............................••••••••....•..............••••.•...•......••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••...•.•....• 

Please send me more information. 
N~e ______________________________________________________________ _ 

Ad~ess ______________________________________________________ ___ 

City/State/Zip __________________________________________ _ 

Currently. Attending _________________________ _ 

MAlL TO: The Annenberg School for Corrununication 
3502 South Hoover Street, University of Southern California , Los Angeles, California 90089·0281 



aSPOllTS 

••••••••••••••••••• 

~ 2 for 12t~ JD ~ 
. - . 
• La JoIo Colony 1770 Regen' , Rd • ' 108 (In.he \Ions Shopping Cen'er) 11_10pmSun.·TIUs • 

The UCSD Guardian 

W.HOOP 
ContInued from ~ 18 

Claremont, however, still had a 
few tricks up its collective sleeve 
and opened the second half with a 
couple of new twists. 

The Athcnas rummaged into the 
closet and popped out with a full-
coun press and an offense over-
flowing with screens and pick-and-
roll plays, racing out on a 10-2 run 
early in the second half. 

M.HOOP 
ContInued from ~ 18 

One COUPOn PI< CUI'''"'''' hp""217~/9 1 11_11 pmfrllSal • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••• • 

being a championship team," 
Marshall said. "No maHer what we 
were running, we wanted to ex· 
ecute." 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 
D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 BalboaAvenut,Sle. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

r-------------..... -...... ~---~-'!"-" .. 
Nail Specials 

~~~~LIC $18.99 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay S24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15' NeW clients only I 
Fiberglass Nella with TIps $21.99 Reg. $45 

Manlcur .. & Pedicure. $15.95 I 
Waxing SWtlng lit $3 

Manlcur .. $5 • FlClala $25 Reg. $35 I 
~~--------------------------- I 
NAILS BY JENNIFER •• N AIID WOM.II I 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 0 560-5081 I 

L Not valid with any other oilers. E"II. 3121191 .J 
--------------------

I 
I 
:\ 
( ; 

II 
E 
t: 
S 
T 
t 
:\ 
c; 

II 
• 
• 
S 
I 
I 

:0. 
( ; 

YEARS 
A lHEAD 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & HairCIII $50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

For appointment please call 457-2930 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr" Sle. 2120 

Hadan ~ 
allergic reaction 

to Bee stings? 
Looking for men and women over 18 to 
participate in a clinical research project 

~Honorarium" 

Call 272·7550 
ask for clinical research department 

S 
I 
I 

" (; 

1\ 
~. 

~ 
S 
I 
I 
:.. 
(; 

1\ 

• 
• 
S 
I 
I 
'\ 
( ; 

IlIISII\(; olin SII'\(;. IIFrsn:o.(; omJ"ill'\G 0 IIU: SII'\(; 0 IIH 

As has become a pattern in re-
cent games, UCSD came out 
sluggish and unfocused, surren-
dering some easy baskets early. 

And, as has become a panem in 
recent games. the Tritons quickJy 
turned things around and led by as 
many as IS early in the first period. 

By halftime. the Tritons bad 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules IDd Regulations: 

·s-".IIImt'OtINla 1/2"., 11"_01' 
'AI'U ALONG Wmt YOUa N.Ue. n.u IN IOIOOL. 
HOWEIOWN, cou.eoa YOU ATm«> AT UCSD.IWOI. 
AND _ r<\J ..... TO: SIoorrs EDnoa, UCSD 
Gu_, 9m G ......... Darva 0316, LA JOt.LA. 
CA9209H)316. You CAN AUOoaor tTCWIN_ 
Srotm EotToto's lOX AT ne GuAADIAN 0ft'ICI, 
LOCAlU> III". Snme<T CDnu, ACIOSS ""*_ 
OYM, 

'ALL UCSD snJOIItrS, sr_, AND 'AC\JI.TY 
.uJI WOllL8TO 1INTIII,IJCCIlPr 1'1* GuAADIAN sr~ 
_sasAND 1!Nft.OY&S orBJ'sOOCAooI'I2zatA. 

' 1'1<1 _ WHO COMBS UP "''''' '"'" WOlf 
COItJlECT ANSWDS, AS 0En:lNJr(£D IV n. JVDOES, 
WDJ. a£ DICI.AI..ED nGl. OI.A.ND PJJZB WD'fNIDl AND 
WD.l. U. UCOONrzED WHEN ntI QV1Z IS .....".,,... 
fOU.OW1NO WEH. IN 11Gi EVDfT OF It 11E. A Dl.AWD«J 
WIU. I E Hfll) TO DETnMJPrf!. l1tE WINNQ. THose 
o:>u.rcT ENnES NOT SEI..SCTED Al 'J1E CJaAND ..m 
WiNNU WILL a8.CONSmom.~. 

rOm., ONI! emt y PO PUSON PU QUIZ. No 
NAS5...aoucm emtIt!S WIU IEACaI'Tm. EHma 
MUST lIE AT 1HE OUAJtDIAN IY NOOPi WEDNE.SDAY. 

kink"· 
the copy ~nter 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Paclftc Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Cruise Ship "obs 
HIRING Men - Women Summer/ 

Year Round . PHOTOGRAPHERS 
TOUR GUIDES. RECREATION PERSONNEl 
Excellenl pay plus FREE travel Garlb!lean. 
Ha .. a ll. Bahamas. Soulh Pac,Ioc . MeXICO 
CALL NOWI Call refundable 

'-208-738-7000, Ext.~ 

But the Triton offense recov· 
ered quickly by dominating tlle 
offensive boards - 29-10 for the 
game-led by forward Cali Young 
who had 2 I points and 16rebounds. 

"This was a tough physical 
game. Our offense played well 
against their zone and full-c:ourt 
press. 

"They tried to get us to make 
mislakes, but ouroffensc controlled 
the game," Malone said. 

Tuesday night, UCSD headed 

extended their lead to 34 points, at 
61-27, and were weU on their way 
to a team-high 22nd victory of the 
year . 

11le offense, after its slow stan, 
displayed a balanced attack and 
some red hot - 60 percent -
shooting from the floor. Tim Rapp 
led all scorers in the game with 26. 
Gordon McNeill and Rick Batt each 
contributed 10. 

"We got good production from 
justaboutevetybody on our team," 
Marshall said. 

Mike Vincent paced Pacific 
Christian with 20 points, eight re-

.n. (aN«) P"kIZ8 W"'" WLL UCIDVI A'" 
DINN .. I'Oa TWO AT 81's CHICAOO PazEaJA. 
R UNNUS·UP WU UCIIYI /II. PUll PITCHU OF 
Mlamoo DoAJOT ..... O"'OOA. AT BJ·s. LOCA1U) 
IN u. JOIJ.A VaLWESQu.ua. A USTOI' AU. "-' 
wu. .. I'O!T'EI AT BJ·s EACH WIEJt AND WWIIJIIEU 
NUl) TO StOW [()I!N1"lF'ICA"TlOPI TO a...A.IN ftIZU. 
This week's questloas: 
1. Who won the Shearson 
Lehman Brothers Open? 
2. Who won the Daytona SOO? 
3. Name the Sports JIIuslrated 
'Sportsman of the Year' for 1989. 
4. Who is the New England 
Patriots' owner? 
5. True or false: Don Nelson will 
be the U.S. Olympic basketball 
coach in 1992. 
6. Who is the WBC junior 
middleweightclwnpion (Hint: San 
Diego native)? 
7. What former Baltimore Orioles 

Thursday, February 21,1991 

to Fullcnon to face PacifIC Chris· 
tian without the benefit of scouting 
reports. 

1be Tritons did not have to 
worry as they dominated the game, 
despite strong post play from Pa· 
cific Chrillian, Malone said. 

"We played in spurts but we 
capitalized on every opportunity," 
she said. 

Young led the Tritons with 18 
points, while Alvarez added I~, 
including three three-pointers'. 

. bounds, and six assists. 
The defense was solid from the 

start, holding Pacific Christian to a 
frigid 38 percent from the floor. 
The Tritons have been holding 
opponents to just under 70 points 
per game this year. 

The Tritons also pounded the 
boards, hauling down.54 rebounds. 
12 by Batt. 

"We knew that they were not 
going to be able to stay with us," 
Marshall said. 

"It was just another game that 
we had to go out and play and 
win." 

2. True or False: UC Santa 
Barbara was the last team to beat 
UNL V in college basketball. True 
3. What country won the 1990 
World Cup? West Germany 
4. What is the mascot for 
Quebec's NHL team? Nordlques 
5. Who was the 1989-90 NFL 
Rookie of the Year? Barry 
Sanden 
6. Who currently holds the title 
of 'The Highest Paid Player in 
Baseball?' Roser Clemens 
7. What teams were involved in 
pro football's 'Immaculate 
Reception?' Pittsburgb aDd 
Oakland 
8. Who won the NBA Slam Dunk 
contest? Dee Browo 
9. Name the head coach of the 

star is attempting a comeback? University of Arkansas men's 
8. True or false: Brett Hull's father basketball team. Nolan Rlch-
played in the NBA. ardson 
9. Who holds the official world 10. Who is the head coach of the 
record in the l00-meter dash? UCSD softball team? Mellssa 
10. What is the UCSD men's . Jaml 
basketball team's current Division 
m ranking? 
Last week's questions: 
1. WhowastheMVPoftheNBA 
AlI·Star game? Charles Barkley 

PaISi Benter 
European-Trained 
Certified Master 
Hypnotherapist 

Hypnotherapy 
for $59! 

(SIUCIInII only) 

Weight loss 
No smoking 

Stress 

CALL NOW 
548-0786 

THE GOOD HEALTH 
HYPNOTHERAPY CUNIC 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. '1200 

La Jolla, CA 92037 

Last week's wiDDer: 
Paul Bauer, Warren, Sophomore, 
uSP - Sacramento 
RunDer's up: 
8; list posted at BJ's 

·IIOUNDTRIPSI· 
L-. .. ... 
...v .... _ 
CIIITA.:A .... _ 
AMIIIIIDAII .... .. 
.... .... IJII 
IUlltDI .. _ 
_&1'_ .... .,. 
.. .....,. 
.. .....,. 
m/D.c./.'" .. 
........... 
.......... &AI, .... ... 
... ,.. .......... .. 
............ ,.. .... 
., 7 2 ~ 
• ........ U.c...r.. 
.CIII._ ...... ........ 

Thursday, February 21, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS IS 

Air Force Bombs Men's Tennis Offense Cuts Loose in 
• Tritons fall 6-3 to Air 
Force. despite winning 
top three singles 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associafe Sports Editor 

As the UCSD.men'stennis team 
discovered in Wednesday's 6-3 
loss to Air Force, sometimes op-
portunity just isn't enough. 

"We had our chances to win," 
Head Coach Jon Hammenneister 
said. "[ thought we played well. 
Air Force is a good Division [ 
tearn. We gave them a good run." 

UCSD split in the singles com· 
petition winning the top three spots, 
but dropped all three doubles 
matches. 

"I was surprised at the top three 
singles," Assistant Coach Tim 
Ditzler said. "Usually, we're a 
fairly deep team and get a lot of 
wins down below." 

In the number one singles spot, 
Chris BeUoli, ranked eighth in the 
nationinDivisionmmen'ssingles, 
defeated Air Force's Dan Oostel·· 
hous 6-3, 6-4. Chad Morse beat 
Raunn Ross 6-1, 6-2 at number 

Brtan IIofrtaIGUMJian 
Chad Morse defeated Air 
Forcs's Raunn Ross 6-1, 6-2. 

two singles, while Vem Yarnell 
defeated Scon Corey 6-4, 7-6. 

Air Force dominated the lower 
ranks with Bruce Ybarra defeating 
UCSD's Steve Stukovsky at 
number four, 6-2,6-1. UCSD suf· 
fered losses in the fifth and sixth 

GOLF 

slots as well, John Cross dropping 
to Bobby May 7-5,7-5, and Mike 
Rintala losing to Trace Thurlby 7-
5, 6-l. 

"We played really well up top," 
Ditzler said. "[Yarnell] had a great 
win, he's playing really well ." 
Yarnell recently moved up from 
the number six position to the 
number three spot. 

In doubles, Oosterhous and 
Ross defeated Belloli and Morse 
7-5, 3-6, 6-1 in the number one 
postition . Corey and Ybarra 
downed Yamell and Rintala 6-2, 
6-3 at number two, and May and 
Hung Pho beat Cross and Carter 
Hendrick 6-4, 6-4. 

11le true opponunity for UCSD 
to show its strength will come in 
about six weeks when the Tritons 
open Division m competition. 

"We're going to be real tough 
when we start playing some top 
Division ill schools," Hammer-
meister said, noting that UCSD 
has traditionally had many matches 
scheduled with Division I schools. 
"We' re pretty competitive with a 
lot of Division I teams," Hammer-
meister said. 

Continued from page 16 
shot a one-under-par 71, en route to medalist honors. 

Senior Matt StOltem, however, picked up the lack 
for the Tritons, shooting his way to a three-over-par 
75. 

Perhaps indicative of the poor course and weather 
conditions was the relatively high score by the med-
alist, Dave Wells of USD. • 

Wells shot a decidedly average two-over-par 74,1 
heading a below-average perfonnance by the Toreros. 

"[Stardust] is their home course, and they usually 
do better than that," Wydra said. 

Jeremy Moe finished second among the Tritons 
with a 77. 

Bob Knee and Jim O'Grady rounded out the Tri· 
toos' scoring foursome, each with a round of 80. 

Guardian File 
Dale Abraham finished just out of the scoring 

group with a lO-over-par 82. 
Man Stonern led the Tritons with a three-over-
par 75 Monday at the Stardust Country Club. 

"Matt is playing well , and so is Jeremy," Wydra 
noted. 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 16 

Hansen (2- I), who got the win 
in his last outing against Occiden· 
tal, baffled the Aztecs for nine in· 
nings, constantly silencing any 
threats posed by the potent SDSU 
attack. 

Hansen allowed one unearned 
run in the second inning, sca«ered 
seven hits and three walks, while 
striking out one. 

In the 205 and one· third innings 
he has pitched this .year, Hansen 
has rendered just four earned runs 
for a 1.42 ERA. 

PHILLER 
ContInued from pege 18 
their competition has come from 
relatively weak NAJA and Divi· 
sion m schools in California. 

When they made their one out· 
of·state road trip of the season (a 
four-day jaunt through Minnesota), 
they lost twice (once to St. Thomas, 
once to Bethel College). 

In addition, the women's team 
has never made the postacason, 
whic:h may also be • determining 
factor. 

But you can', blame the 

Aztec starter Rick Navarro 
yielded five UCSD hits in seven 
and one-third innings before being 
taken out. 

With the absence of staning 
shortstop Steve Nowlan, who suf· 
fered a knee injury in Saturday's 
garne against The Master's, Yates 
called upon sophomore Sean Evans 
to fill the hole. 

Evans responded with two hits, 
one of which was a seventh inning 
RBI single that tied the contest at 
1- J. 

"We needed a win like this to 
boost our confidence," Evans said. 
"We had nothing to lose today. We 

women'stearn for the lackofstrong 
Division ill competition in Cali· 
fornia. 

It is certainly not UCSD's!auJt 
that it can't find sufficient oppo-
nents around here. 

And you certainly can't blame 
the Athletic Depanmeot for sched-
uling only one out-of-state road 
trip on a limited budget 

And, strange as it may seem, 
you may not even be able to blame 
the selection committee. 

So who can you blame, then? 
lbat's not the point. This isn't 

the time for blaming - especially 

went out and played real relaxed. 
"I think now everyone on the 

team knows we can play. " 
Catcher Anthony Sanchez. af-

ter a lead-off single by second 
baseman Louie Diaz, slapped a 
single in the eighth inning that sent 
Diaz across home plate with the 
winning run. 

Hansen then nailed down the 
victory by shutting out the Aztecs 
for the seventh consecutive inning 
in the ninth. 

Senior leftfielder Karl Friedl 
extended his hitting streak to seven 
games with a single to center field 
in the first inning. 

when the committee hasn't even 
made its decision yet. Besides, a 
win on Friday night (when they 
host Christ College of Irvine) and 
a final record of 22-4 could -
could-make all the difference in 
the world. Who knows. 

No, this isn't the time for blam-
ing. This is the ·time for recogni-
tion. This is the time to recognize 
the accomplishments of a UCSD 
intercollegiate athletic tearn whose 
recognition is long overdue. 

Even if the recognition won't 
corne from the selection commit· 
tee. 

Lacrosse's 24 -14 Romp 
By Doug Shadd .. 
Staff Writer 

'l11e UCSD men' s lacrosse team 
makes up for losing in a big, big 
way. 

The Tritons bounced back from 
last weekend's 12-7 and 12- 11 
losses to Cal and UC Santa Bar-
bara, respectively , by crushing 
Bates College. 24-14, yesterday 
afternoon at Pryatel Field. 

For the Tritons (5-3, 2-0 con-
ference), the stomping was a tune-
up for this Saturday' contest 
against Western Collegiate La· 
crosse League (WCLl) champion 
Arizona in Tucson. 

Yesterday's game was a com-
ing out of sorts for the Tritons' 
offense, which to this point had 
been inconsistent. mixing spuns 
of brilliance with periodic scoring 
droughts. 

"It felt great to finally unleash 
against a good team," freshman 
lake Azevedo said. 

A zevedo led the Tritons with 
five goals and two assists on the 
afternoon. 

Senior Juan Millan added five 
goals and two assi ts, while senior 
team caplain Sven Haynie rocked 
the Bates' net for four goals and 
three assists. 

According to junior Darren 
Gasperry, the game was also the 
first truly outstanding game for the 
defense. 

"We played well all game for a 
change," Gasperry said. alluding 
to what has been a tendency on the 
pan of the defense this eason to 
fall apart. 

While the victory has no bear-
ing on the Tritons' standing in the 
WCLL, it was a psychological 
boost for the whole team, Haynie 
said. 

"To be able to dominate an East 
Coast team has really psyched us 
up. We're ready for Arizona," he 
said. 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Junior Gerry Goldstein: "I've already forgotten about this one .• 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 16 
a nightmarish first game. 

Bad passing resulted in diffi-
culties in setting and ineffective 
spikes. 

" If we pass well, we have a 
chance to run the offense," Graybi 11 
said before the match. 

Because of the poor passing, 
UCSD never got that chance, suf-
fering a 15-3 drubbing in the first 
game. 

The most telling statistic of all 
was the kill percentages of the two 
teams in the first game: 7 I percent 
for the 4gers, as opposed to an 
embarrassing nine percent for the 
Tritons. 

For a while, it appeared as 
though UCSD might be able to 
tum the tide-a task, in this contest, 
akin to climbing Mt. Fuji. 

The Tritons, improvising freely, 
led 7 -4 at one point, and 10-8 after 
a devastating dual block by fresh-
man Bruce Williams and sopho-
more Lamson Lam. 

1be 4gers, though, climbed back 
into the game on the strength of 
some well·placed serves, and took 

the game 15-1 I. 
" We were able to pass the ball 

around and isolate Lam," Graybill 
said, explaining the Tri(ons' brief, 
and fleeting, productivity. 

The Tritons' problems receiv-
ing serve carried over into the third 
game. 

Passes tight to the net left the 
Tritons' 5 '9" seiter, John Lee, try-
ing to clear some 4gers who tow-
ered as high as 6'8". 

Passes off the net dictated out-
side sets on the pan of the Tri tons, 
who allowed as many as three 4gers 
at a time to get in position for 
blocks. 

Lam led UCSD in kills with a 
mere 12 on the night. Goldstein 
contributed eight. Overall , the 
4gers had 49 kills, including a 54 
percent success rate, to the Tri· 
tons' 3 I. 

Graybill noted after the game 
that the Tritons' mistakes were not 
the sole reason for the outcome. 

"A good team makes you make 
errors," Graybill said. 

"We have to learn that this is a 
whole different level of play . .. . 
[TIle team] has to keep it in per· 
spective." 



16 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER -'. _ . ~ _ ~ .. 

A Question of 
Recognition 
W ml ALL TIlE 1l00PLA surrounding UCSD's men 's basketball team 
and its 22-3 record - its best 
ever - nobody seems to be 
paying much attention to the 
team that often occupies the 
Main Gym hortly before its 
counlerparts take the court. That 
i , UCSD's 1990-91 women's 
basketballteanl may not be 
gelling the kind of recognition it 
deserve . 

But why not? 
The women are certainly 

deserving of recognition, at least 
on this end. After all. the team 
currently holds a 21 -4 record -
also its best ever - and is riding 
a IS-game winning streak with 
one game remaining. The team is 
also ranked fifth in the West 
Region - but Ihat might be its 
only problem. 

A PROBLEM? WELL. let's just say that four teams from 
the We tern Region are elected 
for the po t eason tournament. 
Of the top four team in the 
region, UCSD has played only 
the College of St. Thomas from 
Minnesota. In fact. UCSD played 

t. Thoma twice. but they lost 
both times . Badly. A home 10 s 
to that chool in the UCSD 
Tournament in December was 
the last time the Tritons suffered 
a blemish on their win-loss 
record. 

So, then, could all this mean 
that a 2 1-4 record and a IS-game 
winning streak won ' t really mean 
anything when the NCAA . 
election committee makes its 

postseason decis ions - probably 
sometime next week? Let me 
put that a different way. Would 
this mean that the UCSD 
women 's basketball team 's 
season was essentially over - at 
least in terms of a post eason bid 
- when it lost its last game all 
the way back in December? 

Y ES, IT could. And yes, thi would be very unfortunate, 
especialJy for a program that had 
only put together eight winning 
seasons in its 20-year history 
before thi eason. 

Not to mention the fact that 
the team was returning from a 
very mediocre 13-12 year, and 
nobody was expecting them to 
tum that into a 20+ win season. 

So what could po ibly hold 
the selection committee back? 

Well, let's just say that the Tri-
tons have not played the toughest 
of all schedules, as the majority of 

See PHILLER, Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Jennifer Kolsky/Gun." 
Junior forward Cari Young had 39 total points in the two games. 

Tritons Dunk Deacons 
• Men's hoop blasts 
Pacific Christian 106-
60 on eve of playoffs 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

Let' just di pense with the for-
malitie . In what has already been 
an incredible year, the UCSD 
men 's ba ketball team notched yet 
another win - the Tritons' 14th in 
a row - in its final regular sea on 
game against Pacific Christian 
College on Tuesday night. 

There, that was simple enough. 
The Triton waltzed into Ful-

lerton and made quick work of the 

Deacon ,downing them by a score 
of 106-60, and completing their 
season at 22-3. 

UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Mar hall aid that he knew thalthe 
game would po e little problem 
for the Triton , who are ranked 
first in the West and fifth in Divi-
ionilJ. 

But, Marshall was able to use 
the game to work on team defense 
and offensive execution, as the 
Tritons began preparing for the 
NCAA Division ill playoffs. 

"It was an opportunity for us to 
just work on developing all of the 
little things that need to go into 

See M. HOOP, Page 14 

Din McDowell/Guam/an 
The Tritons knocked the Aztecs out of the park, 2·1. 

Baseball Shocks SDSU 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

When it first appeared on the 
schedule, it looked like it would 
be yet another case of a Divi-
sion I powerhouse steamrolling 
over a helpless Division III pre-
tender. 

But the UCSD baseball team 
had some ideas of its own 
heading into Tuesday's game 
against San Diego State. 

Behind the pitching of Brent 

Hansen, the Tritons pulled a 
"David and Goliath" and de-
feated SDSU 2-1, stunning the 
Aztecs - and themselves. 

"Everything seemed to come 
together," Head Coach Lyle 
Yates said. 

"We executed offensively 
when we needed to, and our 
defense played great bebind 
Brent. He threw incredibly 
well." 

See BASEBALL, Page 15 

Thursday, February 21,1991 

The Playoff Express: 
15 and Still Counting 
• Women's hoop 
extends win streak 
with a pair of victories 
By SrfMth s.ncs. 
Staff Writer 

UCSD women's basketball. 
21-4. Fifteen straight victories. 

'Nuffsaid. 
Okay, not quite. 1bere is a little 

more to say about the Tritons' (j().. 
50 victory over Claremont and 83-
52 stomping of Pacific Christian 
College Monday and Tuesday 
nights. 

Monday night's Claremont 
game was an eagerly awaited 
rematch for the Tritons, who 1051 to 
Claremont by one point last year. 
But midway through the first half, 
alJ indications that the game would 
be close were erased. 

UCSD dominated defensively 
in the first half by plugging the 

middle and forcing Qaremont to 
take some questionable outside 
shots. The defense also held 
Claremont' Lauri Taylor to II 
points. Taylor had been averaging 
20 points per game. 

While the Tritons' defense has 
been its key weapon all season, it 
was UCSD's offense that secured 
its 20th victory, breaking the school 
record for wins in a single season. 

The key play for the Tritons 
came midway through the first half, 
when guard Kathleen Alvarez sank 
a three-pointer while being fouled. 

The Tritons took the ball out 
from the sideline and converted 
the five-point play to pull ahead 
26-13. UCSD went on to lead 35-
23 at the half. 

"In the past, our defense has 
kept us in games. But tonight I felt 
that our offense came through for 
us," Head Coach Judy Malone said. 

See W. HOOP, Page 14 

Brlln MorrialGuard/an 
Tim Rapp led the Tritons with 26 points against Pacific Christian. 

Swamped by a 4ger Rush 
By Joel Kurzrnan 
Staff Writer 

"The di fference between a Di-
vision] team and a Division ill 
team is that a D-I school's second 
string is as good as a D-ll first 
Iring, or better," UCSD men's 

volleyball Head Coach "Digger" 
Graybill said. 

Words that are only too true. 
Tuesday night, a noticeably 

bener group of Long Beach State 
reserves dismantled UCSD's 

starters in three quick games, 15-3, 
15- 11,15-4. 

"I've already forgotten about 
this one," wing hitter Gerry 
Goldstein said. 

The Tritons, seemingly intimi-
dated by the 4gers' number two 
national ranking, appeared nervous 
and struggled from the outset at the 
most basic of tasks - such as 
returning serve. 

1beir problems snowballed into 
See M. V·BALL, Page 15 

GoH Beats Wind and USD 
By Pet.,. Ko 
Sports Ed/tor 

A win is awin,andbeauty points 
don ' t count. Tell that to the UCSD 
golf team, and you ' ll get several 
beads nodding up and down vig-
orously in collective agreement . . 

Playing under bad conditions, 
the Tritons slipped past the Uni-
versity of San Diego Monday af-
ternoon 312-315 at the paron 
Stardust Country Oub in Mission 
Valley. 

"It WIS very windy, a tough 
day," Head Coach Mike Wydra 

said. 
"We didn' t play very well ... 

[just] well enough to win. Our 
number one man bad a tough day." 

Wydra was referring to Devin 
Thomas, the Tritons' current 
number one player, who shot a 
disastrous II-over-par 83 on the 
afternoon and finished sixth among 
his own teammates. 

For Thomas, it WIS something 
of an odd follow-up to his perfor-
mance IasI Friday aftemoon against 
CSU Dominguez Hills when he 

See GOLF, Page 15 

flRBHOSE·at Pub -.. 
J;7 CoMinuiDg Ibeir aonUll 

~"""'toUCSD. 
flREHOSJ! wiD be performins 
their experienced, DDique style 
of funk II the Triton Pub with 
local favorites, Uquid Sun-

~ opeo.ing the show. TicteIs __ 56 students/$8 
geaeral. available II the door 
aDd tho box oftice. Ages 18 or 
over with valid ID. Show'starts 
at 9 pJIL 

SATURDAY 
Quis Isaak 
.~~,-=~ 
PlllliIJa his $Ikry oflove 
at .Sjildl,1s 1'bcatIe 

said 
• Kevin Bacon and Elizabeth Perkins test the limits 
of a personal and professional relationship. 

Review by Deanna Fasset, Guardian Reporter PageH2 

Modern Music 
AdOnted in Nostalgia 
By Alexa J. Sherman 
Guardian Reporter 

Remember the Brady Bunch, Archie Comics, the 
Bugaloos, the Banana Splits, gold chains buried in 
chest hair, polyester .•. THE SEVENTIES? It was a time 
when the "me generation" was just blooming into 
adolescence, Now, with the 90s in full swing, some of 
us are trying to forget that we ever enjoyed these 
elements of our past. The groovy new band known as 
Jellyfish, however, revels in nostalgia, effectively 
combining serious musical genius with an image 
derived from the 70s. 

The band is known for its unusual attire, straight 
from the early 70s. Polyester, bellbottoms, platform 
shoes - this is what a Jellyfish concen is all about. 
But it does not end there. In a recent telephone inter-
view, bassist Chris Manning indicated that their 
musical style, in a sense, matches their image, and 
offered a glimpse of what to expect at the show. 

"lbe songs are a giant ttibute to the pop music from 
the 50s, 60s, 70s, and 80s,'be said. "Our live show is a 
big part of the band." 

In listening to JellyfISh's debut release, Bellybutton 
(defmitely an "inny''), one will discover that the entire 
album is quite brilliant. Combining their own musical 
talents with a phenomenal Dnase, the band promises to 
deliver an impressive live show. Jellyfish played at the 
Oct. 26 T.O., when beer wu free, and war was only a 
distant fear. Hey - neat-o! They rerum to San Diego 

on Sat., Feb. 23, at SDSU's Back Door. 
Jellyfish hails from San Francisco, and is comprised 

of four members: Manning, guitarist Jason Falkner, 
keyboardist Roger Manning, and singer/drummer Andy 
Stunner. Before signing with Charisma Records, the 
band sent out a home-demo tape, which led to over-
whelming interest among eleven major labels. Jellyfish 
released Bellybutton in the summer of 1990, and opened 
for World Pany's national tour in the fall. 

Jellyfish's music has been likened to Page H2 



2 HIATUS 

Danlil. WIth Wotv.e/Whh Fang 
tc.... "..... A Mall Once Around 

..... 5IInce Of The Lamb. 
LA. 5Iory Nothing Iut Trouble 

51 ...... W .... The Enemy 

University Town Centre 452-7766 
H. Said, She Said Hamlet 

Awakenings LA. 5tory 
Nothing But Trouble 

51_ping With The Enemy 

La Jolla 453-7831 
Silence Of The Lambs 
Scenes From A Mall 
Dances With Waives 

Home Alone 

283-5909 
Feb. 21: Camille Claudel / 
The Return Of Martin Guerre 

Feb. 22·28: King Of New York 
." •• ~ Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
Rockv Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
While it may be true that Vanilla Ice i probably the biggest 

rip-off around, you can' t deny the amazing succe of his debut 
album, To the Extreme. Ice' , album just logged its 15th week 
atop the Top Pop Albums chan. tying Men at Work's 1982 
sma h. Busilless (IS Usual forthe longest run at No.1 by a debut 
release. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
In protest to what she believe are the materiali tic value of 

the mu ic industry. Sinead O'Connor has withdrawn from 
participation in this year's Grammy Awards ceremony. 
O·Connor. who i also contemplating dropping out of the 
industry altogether. i nominated for4Grammy and was lated 
to perform at the ceremony. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Upwards of 3.000 people helped form a "human nag" during 

B 100's Red. White. and Blue pany held in uppon of the troop 
in the Persian Gulf. The "flag" was photographed from the air 
and will be made into postcards and given to the troop . 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
An $8 million law uit ha been filed in Salt Lake Cily by 

attorneys for Bruce Child. the father of one of the three people 
killed at the Jan. 18 AC(DC concert. Stay tuned for further 
development on growing issue of concert violence. 

By Bryan 0188 and Dave Linberg 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

r- 30 TAN DAVSf~1 
~~~~- Call lor details· 2nd 30 Ian days $39 99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a terrporary water loss ; ~ ceHuttle and streich marlls 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 

The UCSD Guardian 

HE SAID ... 
Continued from pIge H1 

Remember the argument you 
had with your significant other the 
other day? Y cab. the one where he 
said that such-and-such was really 
this way when you knew that it 
wasn ·t. That's the gi t of " He Said, 
She Said." a romamic comedy 
starring Kevin Bacon and Eliza-
beth Perkin . 

It i n't a blockbuster comedy or 
a traditional romance, but it is a 
high-grade movie that brings out a 
warm feeling in the audience -
not quite like .. E.T .... but comfon-
able. like an old weater. "He Said. 
She Said" is one of those movies 
that show up every year: the ones 
that everyone I ike. but that never 
do well at the box office. 

Remember the movie where 
Kevin Bacon played the young guy 
with the commitment problem 
(Yeah right. which one)? Nothing 
much has changed there. but as a 
whole. his acting is strong and from 
the hean. The cheesecake scene in 
panicular hine through, proving 
that Bacon can st ill act. and act 
well - giving dimension to a 
character who is emotionally re-
pre ed forthemajority of the film. 
He complement the snappy and 
often brash Elizabeth Perkins. 
creating a balanced yin/yang rela-
tion hip. Both stars are backed up 
by a diverse supporting cast who 
could hold their own even without 
them. 

Directed by both Ken K wapis 
and Mari a Silver. the film is a 
miracle in itself. To find two direc-
tors in the industry who can work 
togetheron a fLlm without the threat 
of mutually assured destruction is 
about as easy as finding a one-
hundred dollar bill taped to the 
bottom of your seat in Peterson 
Hall. Regardle S of the odds. they 
were found. and the combination 
worked extraordinarily well. 

The first half of the movie is 
filmed from Dan's perspective. 
directed by K wapis. and the second 
half is filmed from Lorie's per-
spective. directed by Silver. All of 
thi s is accomplished without any 
regard to the truth. There isn't a 
witne .sotheaudiencehastotake 
each side with more than just a 
grain of all. 

The shift from Dan's point of 

view to hers serves as a great re-
minder that what you "know" isn't 
exactly what the love of your life 
"knows." What Dan sees as an 
attractive and elegant woman, 
Lorie finds easy and cheap. When 
she thinks that Dan is making self-
centered decisions. he feels that he 
is "changing everything for her." 

Warmth. Love. Assault. All in 
the spirit ofValemine's Day. albeit 
belated. Granted. "He Said. She 
Said" i.sn 't "Terms of Endearment" 
or even "Diehard 11." However. it 
will leave you with a linle faith in 
love and the opposite sex if that's 
what you' re looking for. That alone 
makes handing over the $6.50 for 
admission a Iinle more tolerable. 

JELLYFISH 
Continued from page H1 

a wide range of bands. including 
the Beatles. But Manning does not 
embrace this tired comparison. 
"People wilJ hear Bellybutton and 
they' Ll hear the melodies, the four-
part harmonies. and the harpsi-
chords, and they ' lI go. ' Oh. the 
Beatlest' Well. I was one year old 
when the Beatles broke up. The 
first time I ever heard 'Dear Pru-
dence' was when Siouxie and the 
Banshees did it." Manning says 
that those who compare Jellyfish 
to "the B-word" tend to overlook 
more conventional influences. 
"Some of our stuff sounds more 
like early Cheap Trick - who 
we're very much influenced by -
Badfinger. or Supertramp." 

Manning hopes that JeUyfish's 
shows will be unlike any other 
concert-going experience. He finds 
that "nothing is more boring than 
eeing a bunch of guys up there 

wearing dark colors. with their 
heads down. not moving for two 
hours. and you're like: 'God. I 
could listen to the record and hear 
this. I'm in a stuffy crowd . there's 
people stepping on my feet, there ' s 
this idiot whose girlfriend' s sitting 
on his shoulders and I can't see.' 
It'sjust more fun ifthere's a good 
performance up there." 

Manning admits that the band 
has put aconscious effort into their 
image. "We totally hope to blow 
people away. We would belying if 
we didn't say that we decided to be 
really visual and colorful, and to 
grab people by their lapels and say, 

Friday, February 21, 1991 

' Hey. listen to this!' But it goes a 
lot deeper than that. You know, 
don't expect us to be wearing plat-
forms fouhe next ten years. We're 
just going through a phase. "he said. 
Sad but true. the band members 
believe that they will outgrow their 
synthetic clothing and send it back 
to the thrift stores. 

It ·s not clear whether it's be-
cause of their music. their image. 
or the combination of the two. but 
Jellyfish is becoming very big. very 
fast. According to Manning. the 
band draws an eclectic crowd. 

"We've been getting everyone 
from nine toforty.nine yearolds." 
Manning said. "Like at our show in 
Sacramento, these two little girls 
brought us valentines. and that 's 
the greatest thing. because these 
little kids are going. 'Yeah. "The 
King Is Half-Undressed" is my 
favorite song! Andhere 's a Valen-
tine!'" 

Hmm ... one wonders if these 
young girls know what the song is 
about? "So this is where she stands 
at night / On this cold avenue of 
lights I The reds and greens but 
mostly reds/For you he's stopping 
/ In seeing him she knows him less 
/ His stick is wet. she's half-un-
dressed .. ." 

Oh well. as long as the kids like 
it. But does the age of some of 
these fan concern Manning that 
Jellyfish may become the next New 
Kids On The Block? " Hey. send 
'em my way." laughs Manning. 
''I' ll have my own cartoon show 
soon." How about Jellyfish dolls 
with polyester wardrobes? 

Regardless of the humorous 
image. the band takes their music 
and performance seriously. creat-
ing an effective combination of 
old and new. So what is next on the 
band 's agenda? After the touring 
ends. Jellyfish 'plans to be back in 
the studio. Manning reveals, 
"We're working on an all-original 
Christmas E.P. that we' re going to 
release in the middle of summer, 
which is called 'Egg Naugahyde.' 
We can stick a giant billboard on 
the streetthat says. 'Only 137 more 
shopping days until Christmas!'" 
If only they could release it on 8-
track. 

Where: SOSU, Back Door. 
Aztec Center 

When: Feb. 23. 9 p.m. 
Tickets: $14 
Info' 594-6947 or 278-TIXS 

Thursday, February 21, 1991 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 3 

Roll Over, Prince Charles: Here's Goodman (and Co.) 
By Gregory Wlypa 
Staff Writer 

One of the reasons that I got into 
doing movie reviews. besides the 
fact I get to see the films for free. 
was obtaining all the "neato-keen" 
stuff the production companies give 
away to promote their films. As an 
example, I got a cardboard suitcase 
with a pop-up of Macaulay Culkin 
from the movie "Home Alone." Last 
year, Hiatus received a clock from 
"Back to the Future: Part ill" that 
ran backwards. Unfonunately. it 
was stolen. 

Well , I've received my share of 
posters, stickers, and bullons, but 
nothing can compare to the stuff to 
come out of Universal Pictures for 
its new release. "King Ralph." To 
date. I've been given a commemo-
rative plate and display stand cel-
ebrating the coronation of King 
Ralph I. commemorative stamps, a 
commemorative coin, an invitation 
to the coronation, oh and the usual 
poster. 

cupalion is his pri vate secretary. 
Willingham. played by Peter 
O'Toole. 

With Goodman decked out in 
Hawaiian shins. baseball caps. and 
blue jeans. "King Ralph" uses the 

grudge match. the Revolutionary 
War. 

This is Goodman's first leading 
role in a film. and I don't know of 
anyone who can emote Americana 
better than him. 

almost g lad they lost the war, ac-
quires a feather for his cap. He 
hows the British that even Ameri-

cans can be classy, and even out-
class them. 

Lending support to the movie is 

The reason behind this plethora 
of junk is that productioncompanies 
want to promote their films as much 
as they can to get the public into the 
movie houses. The only problem 
with " King Ralph" was that the film 
doesn't need it. 

King Ralph (John Goodman) performs a rousing rendition of "Good Golly Miss Mol/y .• 

"King Ralph" is the latest film to 
come out of Universal Pictures and 
it stars John Goodman as Ralph 
Jones, a recently-fired Las Vegas 
lounge singer who becomes the 
King of England after the entire 
Royal Family suffers a little acci-
dent. Assisting him in his new oc-

formula that made movies like "A 
Fish Called Wanda" and "Oxford 
Blues" so successful. Pitting the 
stuffiness and almost comatose 
state of the British against the un-
cultured and undisciplined shal-
lowness of the Americans. "King 
Ralph" uses our differences to 
show how much we are really 
alike. This movie, like the other 
two, even makes reference to the 
conflict that started this long-time 

JURDAY, MARCH 23, 8:00 
UCSDGYM 

A LIMITED NUMBER OF TICKETS ARE AVAILABlE AT A 
$2.00 DISCOUNT TO UCSO STUOENTS WITH CURRENT 

1.0. AT THE PRICE CENTER BOX OFFtCE ONLY. 
"UCSO STUDENTS: GET' YOUR TICKET'S BEFORE IT 

GOES ON SALE TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC BEGINNING 
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 22 AT 10:00 A.M. ! A LlMITEO 

NUMBER OF TICKET'S ARE AVAILABLE. BRING YOUR 
TO THE PRICE CENTER BOX OFFICE! 

Most of his success in this area 
is due to his excellent work on 
"Roseanne." He plays the average 
American well. but not by acting 
overly crazy or overly stupid. And 
in doing this. he looks at the stran-
gling effect that British soc iety 
has on people. 

At the movie's e nd. Goodman. 
who until now has succeeded in 
embarrassing himself and the 
crown to the point the English are 

Peter O'Toole a Willingham. 
Ralph's private secretary and 
teacher to the ways of royalty. 
O'Toole is perfect for his part. even 
though he finds comedy nerve-
racki ng. 

" Comedy is something I've 
come to slowly and rather reluc-
tantly," Peter O'Toole says. " It·s 
the most difficult of the things we 
do and very easy to fail at." OToole 
shouldn 't worry. because he 's 

THE STRAlGHT·AHEAD JAZZ SOUNDS 
OF RCA/NOVUS RECORDING ARnST 

MARCH 10 
FRIDAY 
8PM 
MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 
G.A. $13.00 
ST. $9.00 
SR. CIT. $11 .00 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 
534-4559 

~ZZo4.STlr .... 
-,~ ..... "'~. 
••• '.Te-n •• 

Tickets available al all ?lC><"~--:!!'~ ticket centers including May Co .. Jack·s. Tower 
Records. Music Ptus. Civic Bo. Office, Perkins Book Worm. Ana Tix and the Aztec Center 
Ticket Office. To charge by phone call 278-TtXS. PRESENTED 8Y 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS 
& STUDENT AcnvmEs 

damn good at comedy. 
O'Toole's abilities to deliver a 

joke with a straight face or simply 
a dead-pan look truly make this 
tilm. If you need only one reason 
to see this film. it's to seeO'Toole's 
eyes roll as Goodman take a 
baseball attitude to the game of 
cricket. 

The last character in thi movie 
that is wonh a mention is played 
by one of my favorite actors. John 
Hun. Ever since I saw his stomach 
blowout in "Alien." I've had an 
interest in his work, e pecially his 
succe s in " Midnight Expres "and 
"The Elephant Man." But one of 
my favorite films that he did was 
"The Osterman Weekend." in 
which he played a cold-hearted 
CIA agent. 

In "King Ralph." Hun proves 
once again that he is a versatile 
actor. This time he plays the baddy. 
Lord Graves. whose family lost 
the throne many years ago and 
wh can have it back if he can get 
Ralph to step down. As if he were 
born to the pan. Hun plays the 
deviou aristocrat who waDIs to 
give the stupid American the boot 
and thus place hi derriere on the 
throne. 

" King Ralph" is a movie worth 
seeing - unfonunately. it's not 
wonh the six-plus bucks it takes 10 
get into a theater these days. If the 
opponunity presents itself 10 ee 
this film at a slightly reduced rate. 
go for it. But unless that happens. 
you might want 10 wait for the 
video on this one. 



" HIATUS 

Thee Hypnotics 
Come Down .... vy 
BUG Recorda 

It's scary when new albums look 
too much like the vintage classics. 
Thee Hypnotics' new release is a 
good example. The fiery orange 
cover art cries of Iggy & the 
Stooges, and it is an accurate omen 
of what is inside the package. 

Therein lies the dilemma. It 
can't be denied that Thee Hypnotics 
play good mu ic and they play it 
well. However, it is very 
unimaginative. If you've listened 
to the Stooges, \0 Years After or 
MeS, there is no need to listen to 
this album. If a band choo es to get 

caught up in a revival, it is only 
fitting that they should also bring 
something new to the genre from 
which they are pilfering. Not sc:J 
here. 

All Come Down Heavy evokes 
is an example of what the late' 60s 
metal-blues recordings wouJd have 
sounded like with 90s technology. 
Is thatacontribution? No, it'sonJy 
an inevitability. A good alternative 
to albums such as this would be a 
digitally remastered original of 
Kick OU/the Jams. 

Some people are caught in a 
time warp, but others like Thee 
Hypnotics willfuJly thrust them-
selves into one. It's amusing that 
the flower-power revival has come 
complete with the inevitable de-
generate slide. It's also too bad this 
one is intentional. Now that we've 
had ska, mods, power pop, glam, 
and flower-power revivals, it is 
safe to assume that the next bjs 
thing will either be art-rock dino-
saurs or the Captain and TeMiI1e. 
Let's hope this is wrong. It's all 
getting kind of sickening. 

- Richard Crepeau 

The UCSD Guardian 

EPIID 
Bualnna .. Usual 
DefJam 

EPMD's third release, and their 
first release on Def Jam, is a con-
fusing conglomeration of tough-
guy rhymes laid over sleek and 
sometimes sexy rhythms. EricJc and 
Parrish, the E and P part ofEPMD, 
do a great job at production, but 
cannot decide if they want to corne 
off lIS hard mother fuckers or la-
dies' men. In addition to EPMD's 
lack of direction, every number is 
fiUed with c1ic~ boasting. De-
spite the direction rap is taking in 
the 90s, these guys continue to talJc 
about "smoking MCs"- auto-
maticaUy putting them into the 
"sucker MC category." 

The first single, "Gold Digger," 

is one of the best cuts, containing a 
cohesive topic and a nice rhythm. 
U. Cool J makes a ,uest appear-
ance on "Rampage," which should 
probably be EPMD's next sinaJe. 
Cool J's voice blends right in with 
Erick and Parrish's, and though 
the number sounds much like Cool 
J's" JinaJing 8aby," it is redeemed 
by a bass line so low only elephants 
can bear it. Do you consider origi-
nality and rhymina ability to be 
important elements in rap? Then 
don't consider EPMD's Business 
as Usual to be an important ele-
ment in rap. 

- JoMph GIIrcIa 

A NEW WORLD MUSIC & SOUND PRODUCTION 

SATURdAY, FEbRUARY 2} T 1 1 AM ... 7 PM 
SUNdAY, FEbRUARY 24 T 11 AM ... 7 PM 

SAN DiEGO, CAlifORNiA 
at the Holiday Inn, Montgomery Field 

Tickets: $5,00 in advance, $8.00 at the door 
Mulie Tech '91 is your chance to see the newest developments in pro audio, keyboards, 
guitars, basses, drums, MIDI components and instruments, software, amps, effects and morel .... - -.-·_-
Meet directly with manufacturer's representatives from all brands of equipment and discover •••• ~-­
the latest technological advancesl 

Also at Music: Tech '910" 
~ Over a dozen perfromance clinics by some ot the hottest studio musicians from all over the 
countryl 

~ A live performance by Blue, Saraceno--one of the hoHest young rock guitar talents of the 
Special Guests: 

~ Chris lsoac will be signing autographs and performing his hit single "Wicked 
ISat.) 
~ Jason Faulkner, guitarist for the JElLYFISH will sign autographs and perform 
~ Alan White, drummer for YES and JOHN LENNON will be signing autographs 
and performing ISat.) 

~ San Diego's Sweat Engine will be giving a performance clinic ISun.) 
Tickets, good for both days & concert, available at 

New World Music & Sound 
4792 Clairemont Meso Blvd. 

Door Prize: Ultimate Support SystHIJ stucIo organizer Iretail value $200.00) 
1 pair STING tick ... 

TEAC double c ........ cleek 
For more information and to pre-register for this event, 

call New World Music & Sound at 569·1944 
SPONSORED BY 

(NEW WeRLD) ~~~BND 
YOUR HIGH TECHNOLOGY MUSIC STORE 

Thunday, February 11, 1991 

Pitchfork is one of the best 
bands to come out of San Diego's 
music scene. Their new record 
Eucalyptus has the power to 
stimulate audio nerves that haven't 
responded in years. What are these 
nerves responding to? - A huge 
outpouring of emotion that is 
shifted into sound that comes 
flowing out of singer Rick Fork's 
lungs with unyielding integrity. 
Fork's voice is heavy with experi-
ence - in every word there is an 
awareness of how sad and how 
wonderful the world can be. Gui-
tarist John Reis squeezes every 
possible sound out of his guitar, 
using buzzes and drones, low 
muted thuds, high scratchy noises, 
and a healthy dose ofbarrnonics. If 
you've ever watched a burning 
house, then you kno~ that it is 
both beautiful and terrible. Pitch-
fork is that house. 

Eucalyptus bas eight songs that 
range from energetic noise assaults 
like "Twitch" to slow, brooding 
melodies like "Halland Fanning ... 
The bonus tracks are so good that 
if you don't buy the CD, you should 
definetely get the "Saturn Out-
house" seven inch. Drummer Joey 
is excellent and bassist Nick is 
solid. Pitchfork bas been together 
since 1986, and being a local band, 
they have played allover San Di-
ego and UCSD. Unfortunately, 
they broke up earlier this year, and 
Eucalyptus is all that remains of 
the Pitchfork legend. 

- Nathan Wilson 

ScreMIIng TrMI 
Uncle AnNtheIIa 
EpicAecorda 

First of all, this Washington-
based foursome bears no connec-
tion with the harsh, thrashing 
sounds that echo out of the Seattle 
music scene. 

The Screaming Trees toured IaIe 
last year with Social Distortion 
and have been churning out many 
LPs, but surpirsinaJy, they are not 
well recognized. Their latest 
spawn, Uncle Anesthesia, may 
break the ice. 

Lead singer Mark Lanegan's 
deep and somewhat raspy vocals 
are moody, yet powerful. The lead 
guitar sometimes seems drowned 
out by Lanegan's vocals - almost 
as if guitarist Gary Lee Conner 
foUows his brother's (Van Conner) 
bass. The bass is strong throughout 
the album, but does mix well with 
the guitar riffs. 

From songs liJce "Uncle Anes-
tbesia," it is obvious that this poup 
really does rock. The whole albwn 
flows - fringing on monotony at 
times, but stiU has enough chmaes 
to keep the listener interested. Me-
lodic tunes liIte "Disappearing" IDd 
"Story Of Her Fate" change the 
tempo to a dreamy, almost folkilh, 
sound. Mark Pickerel's drums 
prove essential to the sound, .. it 
provides a strona background for 
Lanepn's pievin,lyrlcs. 

Overall, this album is really 
worth checking out, especially if 
you're into the alternative rocJc 
scene. 

-BIJuV ........ 


