
Oeaiaa IIOUDd can.-
is DOl easy tor die nat 
able-bodied of IIUdenIs. For 
diubIId ........ roudne 

pI~ liD navipliaa the 
CIIDpUI, ...... ., ellIS on 
time and rak.iDa notes can 
be ewa meR difticuIL 
C)'clist Shawn SdnaIeY 
bopeIlO.nm.1OIDe of 
these pmbIems with a fund-
raiaina 3OO-mUe IDII1IIhon 
bike ride I PAalI:I. 

UC President Announces Resignation 
• Student leaders see loss of Gardner as blow to representation of students in budget decisions 
By ....,. Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

Amid one of the most severe budget crises in 
the University ofCaJifomia 's history, UC Presi-
dent David Gardner announced his resignation 
last Thursday, citing personal stmin due to his 
wife' death last February. 

Gardner will officially step down Oct. I, 
1992, which he said will give him the chance to 
participate in the legislative and budget-making 
processes of the coming year and allow the 
university to find a qualified successor. Gardner 
said he does not yet have plan after leaving his 
UC post. 

11le university has not made any indication of 
possible successors, although there i specula-
tion that the new president will come from within 
the state. 

"I know of no public university in the world that 
has afforded its students, regard Ie s of their race, 
gender,religionorsocioeconomiccircum lances, 
as excellent an education for so modest a cost 
while simultaneously attaining level of intellec-
tual accomplishment that are world-renowned 
and internationally re peeted." 

Gardner's is the econd high-level resigna-
tion in the past month for the UC y tern. Last 
month, William Frazer, enior vice pre ident of 
academic affairs, announced hi intention to 
leave his position Sept. I, 1992. 

Gardner, 58, also said that in hi ninth and 
final year as UC Pre ident he plan to erve with 
"devoted and unqualified effort." 

While university officials praised Gardner, 
student leaders reacted to Gardner' decision 
with immediate concern over the formation of 
the 1992-93 budget and theorized that Gardner's 
deci ion may have been influenced by political 
forces. 

"As you know, I have been truggling since 
Libby's death of last February to reconcile the 
reality of her passing with my ongoing life and 
work ... it has become clearer with each passing 
month since Libby's death that without her I 
cannot remain as president of the University of 
California," Gardner wrote in a letter to Board of 
Regents Chair Meredith Khachigian. Gardner is 
a devout Monnon with strong family values. 

Student leaders believe that the UC' budget 
crisis could very likely warrant drastic enroll-
ment cuts, another fee increase or the implemen-
tation of student tuition. 

UC President David Gardner 
dents will lose a valuable voice when Gardner 
leaves. 

Commending the UC system, Gardner said, 

John Edson, University of California Student 
Association (UCSA) vice pre ident and Fifth 
College senior, expressed concern that the stu-

"While students disagreed with his tance 
over the waiveable fee issue and domestic part-

See GARDNER, Page 3 

CAT IN THE LAP - This spectator at yesterday'S ~Sunday In the 
Park With Seuss· at Balboa Park, would not, could not, give up her 
copy of the cat In the Hilt book. The tribute to the late Dr. Seuss 
included a reading by Cosby Show cast member Raven Symone. 

San Diego Residents 
Walk for AIDS Funding 
• Organizers hope thatAIDS Walk will raise $3()(),OOO 
to provide direct medical care for AIDS patients 
By Andy Gayton 
Senior Staff Writer 

Approximately 2,500 people 
gathered Sunday morning in down-
town San Diego to raise money to 
fight AIDS in San Diego. 

The 1991 AIDS Walk was started 
about five years ago by AIDS victim 
Gary Reese. Since his death two 
years ago, asteering committee made 
up of city council members and oth-
ers, including Warren College offi-
cials Kevin Wood and Scott Parker, 
has organized the annual event. 

This year's walk was attended by 
a variety of San Diegans. Religious 
fundamentalists and gay rights ac-
tivists mingled together, for once 
putting aside deeply-rooted disagree-
ments, and working together to raise 
money to fight AIDS. 

A troop of Boy Scouts, waving 
their flag, turned out to cheer an 
Eagle Scout who had contracted mv 

and was there to walk in the event. 
The fund-raising wa11c idea did 

not begin in San Diego. According 
to Executive Director Barbara 
Blake, Reese got the idea from see-
ing similar walks in other cities. 

"Reese was always active in the 
community. When he contracted 
mv, that didn't change anything 
except the emphasis of that partici-
pation, to Blake said. "He saw a great 
inadequacy in AIDS monies going 
to the direct treatment of patients 
with the disease. to 

From the sponsors of the people 
whowalkedonSunday,Blakehopes 
to collect at least $300,000 to dis-
tribute to organizations that provide 
direct medical care to AIDS suffer-
ers. Major benefactors include the 
AIDS Foundation of San Diego and 
the Center for Social Services. 

But those are just the two largest 
See AIDS, Page 8 

Dining Services Halts Sale of Water Bottled in PVC Plastic 
By ...... Ratne 
Guardian Reporter 

After learning that Cobb Moun-
tain brand bottled water is packaged 
in destructive plastic which is diffi-
cult to recycle, UCSD Dining Ser-
vices has decided to stop selling the 
product, in favor of water bottled in 
more easily recyclable plastic con-
tainers. 

Cobb Mounrain water bottles are 
made of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) 
pJamc. PVC plastic can be distin-
guished from other plastics by the 
recycling number three on the bot-
tom of the boule and the occurrence 
of white lines in the cracks. High-
gr.te plastics are marked with recy-
cUna number one or two and retain 

their clear surfaces. 
When Winifred McGuane, food 

services coordinator of Revelle 
Commons, was informed by the 
MuirEnvironmental Committeethat 
PVC plastics were not being re-
cycled, she called distributors to 
find brands of water in recyclable 
plastic. She said that she "did not 
believe in desecrating the earth." 

"Somc of the alternatives to Cobb 
Mountain water that Dining Ser-
vices are considering are Palomar 
Mountain Spring, Canadian Gla-
cier, Evian and Crystal Geyser," 
said Food Service Manager Marte 
Ditman. 

Dibnln said the change in water 
brands should be visible in four to 

six weeks at the different Dining 
Services facilities. 

Rather than buying unregulated 
bottled water, Dave Morales of the 
Recycling Co-op said the best choice 
is to "refill water bottle .. at a water 
purification center. Free filtered wa-
ter is available at the Food Co-op. 

"Companies won't recycle PVC 
because it is a cheap plastic," Mo-
rales said. "The only thing left to do 
with PVC plastic is crush it, then it 
takes up less space in the landfill." 

A sign in the back of the Food 
Co-op states that numberthree PVC 
plastic "can go to hell, the trash, or 
be reused in an art project." 

PVC plastic also releases hydro-
chioricacid, HCI, when burned. The 

Journal ofVillyl Technology states 
that "HCI gas is said to exacerbate 
the problem of acid rain." In addi-
tion to contributing to the problem 
of acid min, PVC plastic has been 
linked to cancer. 

"When liquor was packaged in 
PVC bottles in the late 1960s, it was 
found that vinyl chloride mono-
mers, which are carcinogenic, 
leached from the containers into the 
liquor," tates the Plastics Recy-
cling Action (PRA) Plan for Massa-
chusetts. In addition, the PRA plan 
for Massachusetts alleges that "the 
chlorine in PVC sets up conditions 
for production of dioxin emission. to 

Modern Plastics magazine states 
See BOTTLES, Page 8 



1 NBWS 

EWS 
, R( ~ A ' 11 If n ( ~,,' ( ( r )u \ C) 1\ \ t". 1 I Ii 

Internal UC Audit Flneta Federal 
Government Improperty Billed 

The University of California has impopeaty biDed the 
federal gOVemmenlforsuchexpenscsMcblrlrRdain:raft, 
flowers. CIIleItainmem. automobile expcmea, travel to 
"commemorative evalls" and allowlDCel for executives 
and their associates, an internal audit found. 

While univcnity officials would DOl commenI on Ibe 
specific expenses outlined in an Associared Press article. 
they did acknowledge that a UC tMk force has found 
funding requests for "inIppropriMe" itaDI. 

Officals claim that confusion over the'VlSt number of 
transactions calTied out by the university led it to make the 
improper funding requests. 

Richard Malaspina, UC assistant director of news ser-
vices. said the govenunent was improperly billed for 
certain expenses. "but our job is 50 complicated that it's 
hard to keep accounting each item. " 

The !aSk force was appointed by UC President David 
Gardner in the wake of a scandal at Stanford Univcl'Sity. 
where federal research grants were being used to pay for 
such inappropriate expenses as a cruisina yacht 

In a letter to the chlncellon of the nine campuses. 
Gan:lnerstatesthatalthoughsome"variationsfrompolicy." 
occurred, "theuniversi!y'soverallsystemsandproccdures 
reganling indirect costs have worked very weD. .. 

Remedial Curriculum Courses do 
Not Belong at UCS, Proposal Says 

A proposal currently in front of the UC Academic 
Senate might do away with all UC remcdial instruction 
courses and transfer them to community coUeges. 

If the Academic Senate approves the proposal, students 
who fail the Subject A exam will then be required to take 
basic writing courses at a local community ~llege. . 

According 10 UC Presideru David Gardner, woo sub-
mitted the proposal. the initiative would save an estimated 
$5 million in funds. which would go toward financial aid. 

Gardner also said that the elimination of basic wriling 
and olher remedial courses will allow rooms to be used for 

Calvin and Hobbes 

1bc UCSD GuucIim 

hip level c ..... 
Oppor_ of Ibe iniIiMive que ........ of abe 

proposal may rauIt in a ka of edlMlIIicJaeI quIlily. 
Willilm Domboft. chair of die Uaivenily Comrniaee on 

PJepanIOIy HdIICllion. aid in a leaer 10 abe UC Acadank: 
Senare th8l tranIferrin& remedial CXJUnI& 10 ccmnunily col-
leges will raub in die Acllclemic SenIle loIiDaCOllllOlovcrilS 
own coune c:urric:uIum. 
Suggestion of Televiaed L.ecb8M 
Gets Mixed RevIevIs at UC RIver8Ide 

RIVERSIDE-The uc Riveftide campus is c:aaaidertDa 
a new. televised lecture poaillD in In efron 10 cut down on 
oven:rowdcd lower-divisioo dales. 

If die program finds approval with various auriculwn 
commiaeca and the UCR Ac-.uc SeoIIc.abe JnsuuctionIl 
Television Faxed Service (fI'FS] pqram wiD allow ..... 
to auoU in lar&e lecture clasaea and view the Iecturas on a 
television in another room. 

The proposal 10 far has evoked mixed reactions. 
"I do DOl like Ibe idea III .u. This is IIIpIXIMId 10 be the 

'campus with the personal rouc:b,'" said UCR ~ SenaIe 
President Mike BcqIer. 

Hcsaid thal.lhrouab the televised propam,lIUdcnIB would 
lose theoppommitytocommunicalediRlcdy with lbeprofelaor 
and ask questions during lcctures. 

Other universities DIlionwidc, such as UC Berkeley and 
Arizona Stale University, have es&IbUshed rrFS systems. 
Davis Environmental Impact Report 
Ruled Incomplete by Appeals Court 

DAVIS - A slife appeals court Nlecl earlier this month 
that the UC Davis Enviroomcntallmpact Report (BIR) for its 
Long Range Development Plan is insufficienL 

The ruling overturned an earlier ruling by the Alameda 
County Superior Court. whic:b favored the university in a suit 
brought against UCDby the West Davis Community Ass0cia-
tion in AugUSl, 1989. 

Justice Jamc5 Perlcy found. inthereceol3-0ruIina. thIlthe 
EIR failcd to include die Laboratory forEnersY-relaIedHelltb 
Research (LEHR). a DepanmenI ofEnerJy facility currently 
undergoing cleanup and decommissioning, in its eXllDinllion 
of long-tenn growth at UCD. 

In the ruling. Perley said. "The clc8nur and future use of 
l..EHR is a pan of the long-range dcveIopoenI ofUCD ••• (the 
violalion) is especially grievous and importaal because the 
[laboratoIy] aspect of the deveIopnlCllt involves bazardous 
wasaes and radiological rcsearcb." 

Officials from the West Davis Ccmmunity ASIOCiItion 
said that, wbilc the Nling is a victory, it is only one step in abe 

by Bill Watterson 

Moaday, Nowmbcr 18, 1991 

poaeu ofmm, the UC and ClCber pcmanelltal qen-
c:iel1O upIIoId their public trust. 

1beruUaaswpriscdtheunivenity~stration, who 
are CMIiderina appealing the decision. 

UCSD (AlPS 
UCSD Gospel ChoIr wII Pnllent 
Traditional and Modern SelectIons 

TraditionallDdmodcmppelsoapwiDbeperformcd 
by about 300memben of the 9OO-mcmber UCSDOospel 
Qoir at 8 pm. TuesdaY. Nov. 26 in Mmleville Audito-
rium. 

Some of the selections the cbonIs wiD sing arc "The 
Poaer'sHouse,"ledbysiqerKarens.mea. "Oh Lord We 
Praise You," "AU in Favor" and "1bIl Kind of Friend. " 

Ores Sephus will &eallDpaDy the chorus on the organ 
and chorus director Ken Andenon will acccxnpany on 
pi8no. 

Anderson said the complete 9O().voic:e chorus will 
perfaminaspri."concenllCampPcndleloninOceamide, 
MweU ... BalboaPark'sOrpnPavilion. "Because of the 
size of Ibe run dIORIS, u's difticulllO perfonn on most 
...... Welooltforw.rotoperf'onninaatvcnues where the 
eorire compIc:menr of voices CID sing." he said. 

TickelSforabeNov. 26evenlatUCSDareSS forgencral 
admission and $3 for students and seniors. TICkets may be 
purchased 1& the door or • the UCSD Box Office (S34-
4S59). For informaIion, c:ont8CIabe UCSD Depanment of 
Music at S34-323O. 
Thuraday's Technical Job Fair 
Gives C8raer, Summer Job Leads 

The 13&11 Anoual Tccbnic:ai Sob Fair wiD be JXCICI*d 
this 'Ibunday, Nov. 21 from 10-.30 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the 
Price Center BaDroom. 

~ves from IIIDRI Ibm forty companies wiD 
be 00 hand to IaIk with scudcnts about career and summer 
job opponunitics in technical fields. 

The fair is sponsored by c-er Services. the Mesa 
Bngi!lC!Crina Program. the Society of Women Engineers. 
and the NIlionaI Society of Blact Bnaincen. 

Moaday, Novanber 18,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

GARDNER: Colleagues praise ability to keep UC afloat in rough waters 
ConIInuecI from .... 1 
nership. his sensitiviiy towards stu-
dent input urpassed that of most 
other UC administrators." he said 

"UCSA challenges the president 
to take advantage of his current 
position to usc every possible etfon 
to fight the currenl governor's in-
tentions to impose tuition on the 
students in 1992-93," Edson con-
tinued. 

UCSD A.S. President Agustin 
Orozco said he was surprised by 
Gardner's decision, and urged 
Gardner to "use this year to lobby 
[the state legislature] for the UCS." 

Orozco said that, while he thinks 
Gardner has been "fair" to student 
concerns in the past, he hopes 
Gardner will fighlon the side of the 
students in his final year. 

A.S. UC Berkeley External Af-
fairs Vice President Yumi Hosaka 
said thar "this situation gives stu-
dents the opportunity to re-enter 
into dialogue with the upper levels 
of the UC administration on [bud-
getary] and other issues." 

"The best gift that President 
Gardner could leave us with is the 
securi!y in knowing lhat we will not 
be clulrged tuition for higher educa-
lion in California." Hosaka said 
Looking toward the future, other 
UC sludent government officials 
suggested priorities they hope 
Gardner's successor will take up. 

"The new UC president needs to 
drastically trim the fat in the UC 
administration. even in his own of-
fice, urged Brant Smith. chair of the 
Student Union Assembly al UC 
SantaCna. 

"Money being spent UIUICCCS-

sarily on administrators' lofty sala-
ries could bener be used to offset the 
impact students bear from the con-
tinuing fiscal crisis," he said. 

A.S. UC Irvine President Jose 
Solerio said, "In order 10 maintain 
qualiiy educalion institutions. it is 
imperative to keep the doors open 10 
a broad cross-seclion of Califor-
nians. This means keeping the price 
of attending a UC campus afford-
able." 

" While Gardner claims 
that his motivation is 

personal, I would imagine 
that, given the timing of 
his decision, there are 

political reasons as well. 

" JOHN EDSON VICe President, UCSA 
At a press conference following 

his announcement. Gardner denied 
that his resignation was prompted 
by anything other than his staled 
personal reasons. However. Edson 
and Orozco proposed otherwise. 

"While Gardner claims that his 
motivation is personal, I would 
imagincthat. given the liming of his 
decision. there are political reasons 
as well." Edson said. He suggested 
that "it's a personal sacrifice on his 
pan in a last-chance effort to block 
the governor's proposals to wilh-
draw a majori!y of UC funding." 

Orozco agreed. ''I'm pretty sure 

that there is somelhing other than 
personal reasons:' he said, indicat-
ing that Gardner may be ex pressing 
opposition to a tuition proposal. 

UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson issued a brief statemenl 
commending Gardner from the re-
gents' meeling in Berkeley. where 
Gardner made his announcement. 

"President David Gardner's de-
cision 10 resign is a tremendous loss 
to the University ofCalifomia. Dur-
ing his years in office he has selVed 
brilliantly. always representing lhe 
highest personal and academic stan-
dards.. . his wisdom. vision. and 
leadership have been exemplary." 
Atkinson said. 

GovemorPete Wilson expressed 
similar sentiments. 

"He has been magnificent at the 
helm through heavy seas for lhe 
universiiy. He deserves and enjoys 
immense respect and personal cred-
ibility ," he said. 

"We owe him an enormous debt 
of gratitude for a decade of lruly 
distinguished selVice as president, 
for leaving an enduring legacy. 
Along with sludents and alumni, 
faculty and friends, I will miss him 
both professionally and personally." 
Wilson concluded. 

Speaking for Ihe regen IS, 
Khachigian called Gardner "a lrue 
leader, an individual of utmost in-
tegrity, whose keen inlellect. strong 
loyal!y and complete dedication 
have been of greal benefil 10 this 
state and unive.rsi!y." 

Gardner,lhe 15th UC president, 
is credited with rebuilding the con-
fidence and reputation of the uni-
versi!y when he filled its highest 

UCSD SPECIALS 

position in 1983. 
AI Ihe lime, Ihe UniversilY of 

California had a poor relation hip 
with the slale legislalure and t~ 
governor. and was struggling after a 
period of sludent prolests and di-
minished public support. 

Gardner, armed with a 30 per-
cent increase of the UC operating 
budget overaone-yearperiod which 
he had won from then-governor 
George Deukmejian, initialed ig-
nificant growth in the universilY. 

During his presidency, Gardner 
was the cenler of controversy on a 
few occasions. including in 1986. 
when he refused to follow the ad-
vice of rhe state and the regents 10 

divest the university of all inve 1-
ments invol ved in South Africa, say-
ing lhat Ihe universilY should not be 
used for polilical statemenls. 

Gardner also supports the UC 
management of the Los Alamos and 
Lawrence Livermore nuclear labo-
ratories - 10 which many UC fac-
ully members areopposed - on the 
basis Ihat Ihe university is doing a 
public service 10 Ihe nation. 

Faced wilh Ihe extremely press-
ing budget problems of the last two 
years, Gardner has struggled with 
preserving the quality of the univer-
sily while accepting over $300 mil-
lion in budgel Culs which affected 
the entire UC syslem. 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE fOR THE 

MeAT 
THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE AT UC5D 

• The It 1 MCAT course in San Diego! 
· The ~ documented MCAT scores 
· ~ of proven success 
• The only course run by people in medicine. MCAT prep is 
our specialty and it's all we do! 

· Taught by top UCSD doctors and M.D.-PhD candidates who 
are experts in MCAT prep. 

• Taught on campus at the Medical School 
• Lectures, study groups and free tutoring 
· Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW ENROLLING FOR WINTER '92 I:ICJ CALL (619)456-4848 

• I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 
~ M ........... Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers/ 

inor Tune Up Special $ 35 *(reg. $55) 
ApPAREL 

D ESIGNER 
Z 0 N E 

CLOTHING OUTLET 

1. SpM\ plugs CNr,.... up~ a l1li mtn .,., o#Jws. 11 b:tdIs: 
2. IliIIUiIUI:Ir poi1II. 6.0- , II[IiIniIh allUd , oiIlev8Is 10. Chedt I6lderarriage lor dPages 
3. ~ 7. Check brakes . 11. CIlIdI cooing system & hoses 
4. A4JII.... e. Check ciIIch 12. Road 1eSI 
5. A4JIIdweil. 9. Check ~ 

,o.!!!Oint M!i.!».!.,!e~~-:'!eeCiall!~~· 
2. VIM ~ 1 t. ~ tniIg 21 . Check , repIeni!II II 28. Check n recIIIIge 

"-PID: 12. ~ dwII qIe IUd n oiIlMII bIIIry,l-.y 
3. VIM cover gaUl 13. ~ carour.tor 22. Check Mica! system 29. RotaIt *" (J needed) 
4. s,.k pIugI 14. ~ IIIIring box 23. Check lor loose or lost 30. Check .. ~ 
5. ~poi1II 15. A~u .. ir' MI rIIio mix bolts 31. Lubtdocrhinges 
6. Condnn. HI. ~ dWh 24. Check brakes 32. ChD II hokIIII 
7. Ai'... 17. ~ InNs 25. Check cMch 33. Check cooing iyItIm , 
8.01". 18. ~ IfI18IVII1CY brIMs 2$. Check ~ '-
i . GIl filii, n 19. Chedt & _ axpoeed 27. CheckIllCllrl3riage lor 34. CheckIlChlusl SYI*l 
10. Engine 01 bill dImIOeS 35. ANd 1811 

20. I..IIIIt irani end 

-:f«~C;;piet;'CI~t~ahJ;b $169 * 
.,.,..: 

1. T,..,..,. inpI« 1hIft ... (txIlIPI 4. n.v-. '-iIg Halt: HydrIuIIc pn .. noI c:oond. 
HanIa 5. PIDI.... NaIlor 4WO. Front IIII1NI drMIlX1ra. 

2. "'-'.. 8. NIw ".jillion 01 . 
3. c.ti cIIc 7. AoId .. 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
FtIIII or,... BtlMjrIb"': 

1. 1nIIII..,aI ... pIdI 01 iNIII_ InM __ 5.1!1e1d ....... 1ysIIm 
2. DnIii aIiIlnMlIukI •. ~ fnInI (d cM1s} n ,..shoes 
3. 1ri1p1d CiIqiIIIII¥hI*....,. 7. AIPICIIranI iUIOI" r- ruIar 1IIn} 
4. A.- ¥rUe UI e. AoId .. 
_ :II!oh* ....... ft:UIId 

............. ~ .... _ ........ ,....,. ..... o. .......... 
-_ ......... a,... _ 10,000.1 ........... 'Mt). 

-....... ,' , ............. . 

OVII seas r::r.m1f Rd . ....1990 
b ........ 11,111. ~'::~:~2mI1. 
•••••••• Towing rod rental car available. Monday-Friday. 7:30 am-S pm. Open .. ....., 

50%·90% 
BELOW REIAIL! 
'1WEEDS 
• UMITED 
• EXPRESS 
• VICTORIA'S SECRET 
• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
• ESPRIT (new shipmen~) 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
(just doWn !he rood) 

Go ICISI on La Jolla Village OrNe, 
.. lights past Hwy 80S. left on 

Camino Santo Fe 

70% OFF tJII origlful/ly priced departrMllt storr 
tlchfs, swHlers, top., /HI"", jea", {; ",ucb, mucb more! 
T SHIRTS ..... " ...... ... ,""",", ...... ,', .. , ...... .. ... , .. .. ..... $4.99 
B.U.M. EQUlPMENfSWEATSHIRTS .. ... $14.99-$19.99 
JEANS ..................................................................... $15 
9PEN: WED.-SAT. 11 am-7 pm 

SUN. 12-5 pm 
TEL 450-3323 



OPINION 
.. OPINION 

EnllORlAlS 
EQi/or/QJ BOQTd 

JASON SNELl.., Editor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Manaain, Editor 
MARY BE1TY HEARD, News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 
TIltUCSDG_it~owIco._"""UIII_tyO(CaliI_SaoDoqo. c-..OI99 1. 
v ..... ..,......sllctelo _1IIo1llljorily _0('" odiIoriII-. ................ 111_ 0(Il10 
UC _0( IW ..... _ ASUCSO. _Il10 .... G_ taIf. 

THE::: BUDGET CRISIS 

We Will Pay More In the Next __ War 
"The woods are burning, boys, you understand11bere's a big 

blaze going on all around. " 
-Arthur Miller, Dtalh of a Saltsman 

There is a crisis in the University ofCalifomia. Already severely 
weakened as a result of drastic cuts sustained during this year's state 
budget baltIe, the UC could be facing an even worse budget crunch 
in 1992-93. Govemor Pete Wilson's 1991-92 budget plan has faiJed 
miserably, mostly due to the seemingly unending recession. Conse-
quently, the state's S 15 billion revenue shortfall is expected to grow 
to $18 to $20 billion, thus creating another $3 biUion deficit. 

If the events of this last spring are any indication, the UC can 
eJlpect to be dealt another blow to its pocketbook. According to a 
memorandum from University of California Student Association 
(UCSA) Vice President John Edson, scudents"can expect tocndure 
a disproponionrue share of the Governor's budget wrath" in the form 
of admission cuts and "massive" fee increases. Having just barely 
caught our breath from the recent devastating 40 percent fee in-
crease, students should brace themselves for yet another. 

TIle state budget currently provides the UC with $2.1 billion, or 
roughly 30 percent of its total operating budget. An additional $1 .6 
billion is directed toward the California Stale University system, 
represeming a total of $3.7 billion in state funding lated for higher 
education. In his memo, Edson suggests that, given the limited 
option as a result of this year's $7 billion spending cut, the governor 
"could potentially balance the state's $3 billion (plus) deficit by 
entirely evisceraling both the UC's and CSU 's $3.7 billion from the 
state budget." 

Such a move would, of course, be the very worst case scenario. 
But, given the severity of the state's fi scal crisis and the recent 
willingness by the legislature to slash higher education funding, 
anything is possible. Last year, the UC effectively took a $312 
million cut. The 40 percent fee increase students u tained this year 
only generated about $90-95 million. This year. the potential for 
even more cuts ranging in the hundreds of millions cannot be ruled 
out. Therefore, anOlher substantial fee increase cannot be ruled out, 
either. 

At this point, any sort of cut in funding would inevitably mean 
severe changes for the university. Many of last year's budget cuts 
were one-time in nature, mostly involving the early retirement 
program. According to the Edson memo, about 3,700 middle and 
upper management staff and approximately 650 senior faculty took 
advantage of the voluntary early retirement program. Such a pro-
gram could not be nearly as effective two years in a row. 

"Given thecaUlclysmic cuts" expected in 1992-93, Edson writes, 
"projections will be will be made of what the maximum fee increase 
tudents can take in one year, with the remainder being made up in 

enrollment cuts." At present, it is far more difficult for a high school 
student to be admitted to the UC now than it was two years ago. 
Admission tandards have been made more stringent so that the UC 
admits students from the top 12.5 percent of high school seniors, 
down from the estimated 14.5 percent the university had been 
a'dmiuing. If worse comes to worse, the Edson memo ~uggests, the 
university could consider cutting the entering 1992-93 freshman 
class by 50 percent. And that 's just the least of it. 

"To demonstrate the level of budget anxiety that now exists in the 
State Capital," Edson says in his memo, "some rumors of the 
Govemor'sproposedDraconicmeasuresinclude:privatizingUa..A 
and UC Berkeley (forcing them to pay full tuition, while the 
remaining sUIte support goes to cover the costs of the remaining 
seven UCschools); charging graduates students near the cost of their 
education, in some cases over $\0,000 per year; [and) forcing the 
Community CoUeges to provide a1llower-division UC education." 

It's going to take a miracle to head off another massive round of 
budget cuts and subsequent fee increases. Edson recommends a 
small student fee (about $ 1.50) to help pay for the UCSA's lobbying 
effons in Sacramento. That would be a small price to pay if the efforts 
it was able to engender succeeded. 

Last week's resignation of UC President David Gardner, though 
for reportedly personal reasons, offers little hope to students about 
the future of the Uc. The woods are indeed buming around the 
university, and there seems to be no savior beyond the smoke and 
flames. Gardner's exit may be a terrible omen for things to come. The 
captain has abandoned ship - can his crew be expected to stay on 
board'! 

The UCSD Guardian Mooday, Novanber 18, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Israel is the HearylCtim Of the MfXIa 
• Expecting Americans to make unbiased choices in the 
light of present coverage of the Middle East is foolish 
By ..... Ruwiltlll 
ContrlxltllW OpInion WI1t8r 

Repulsed. I At and wllldlcd. Sicbned to 
my stomach, I waICbod as Linda Sdwner, 
CNN's seemingly innocuous correspondeftt In 
Israel, cracked snide smiIcs and asked rberorical 
questions to Israeli Prime MiniiIa' YllZbalt 
Shamir. I saw her ono-sidcdnesa and her bIaIaot 
biases seep through her "I-work-for-CNN-I-
must-bo-objective" smile. 

I Oipped tbrou&h the odJer cbanne1s bill, as 
hard as I tried, I couldn't find the smallest 
glimpse of objectivity. 1 sal and listened to 
people who couldn't locate Israel on a map 
IaIk.in8 about the oppression of PaJestinians, and 
the obstacles which Israel is ~ apinst 
pt'aCC in the Middle East. "Experts" talk about 
land for peace. noc even knowina what land 
they are talking about or why the concqJI of 
land for peace is a ridiculous one. 

CNN felllhort of simply uyiDa that "Ibe 
IaracIis are to blame for all the problems In die 
Middle East. " Maybe, I was wishing dill they 
- or any of our revCIed networks or newspa-
pers - would say just that. At least !hal way 
the hypnotized American public could see the 
sickening biases which seem to govern our 
news media, rather than the objectivity which it 
claims to exhibit. 

The Middle East peace conference has given 
the almIdy s\aorcd and sensaIionaIisti Ameri-
can news media a field day. And for retISOllIl 
cannot understand., the media has faUen in love 
with the Palestinian ause - thus proving once 
and for all that love is tndy blind. 

To repon on sucb subjective topics claimioa 
thar a certain SIanCe reflects !be way thinp _ 
or sbouId be is DOIbiD& IIl(R cbIm mind . 
management. How can die public: be expected 
to make an educated decision whea the 
iDformaIioo whicb they RlCCive .. ~ 
been .... one way or.aolbet'l 

The media (and by Ibis IIDIIIII bodl priDr 
IIIftJ adevision) has decided duIllsnlcllOOk 
away ADb Iancla.Il bM decidecl .... 1snIel 
IbouId aM tbeae ... back in exchanp for 
peICL IWe eIida't exiII befoce 1967, !be year 
in whidldle Arab countries IIied to 1amcb .. 
o«msive apinst Israel (the 1hiJd one since 
1948). Il was .1hia poidlbalthe beIliprenI 
AlIb oadons lost part of the disptted IIeIritorics. 

Those people screaming "\and for peace" 
should remember Ibis all tOo important histori-
c:.I faa. TIle Arabs bad these 1ands, and &till 
theIe WIll DO peace. 

In the 1967 war, Jordan lost the Wesl Bank, 
Syria \ost the Go .. Heights, and Egypt lost the 
Sinai Peni ....... and the Oaza strip. In 1973, 
Syria and Egypt Iauocbed another unsua:cssful 
aaack. apinst I.sraeL There bas not been .. 
"official" WIll' apinsllsrael since Iheo. 

Is IsracI expected to believe that Jivina badt 
this land. wbidt .. proCIeCted its borders from 
orpnizcd agpssioo since 1967, will1cad to 
peace? History sugests the comrary. Ninety-
six pen;enl of all land seized in the 1967 war 
has been returned. and his Ibis brought peace? 

This "land for pca:e" idea which the all-
knowing media has decided is the best solution 
to. 3,OOO-year-oid dispute sbows us onoe aIain 
dull the media often takelthe "buzz ptJr.es" ' . 
and limply runs away with than, despite the 
incredible llllbipitiea iDbonInt in such pbra&es. 
It is peinful1y obvious dill the media bas 
fOlgotten the way thole lands were acquired 
and why, for Israel, it is not. tnaIlerofterri-
tory ••• bill a matter of survival. 

The American media would like to dUnk that 
if the Israelis were to give back this land, there· 
would be peace. But it isn't because the 
American media is concemed willi peace in the 
Middle East - it is because the American 
media wants ewzy cootlict to have a besinning, 
a middle and an end. 

To the American media, everything must fit 
within a formal tbat will keep the nIIings high, 
aJtract .tvertiscrs and solve all of the world's 
problems. This would be evea better if world 
pea:e were 10 como duriDa I'IIiDas week. As 
CNN pnxIucer Bob FumId IiOId Ibc Lo.J Angela 
Tuna" yau', WWe live in .. CIlvironmenl 
wbae people are 'NIIfICbioa • c:bIaaeI for line 
....... 1Dd 1beo..-.. that clidter. We've 
&at to _them WIlCbia& IDd keep Ibem 
WIICbioc-" 

1'nIIb and objCcdvily &reo'l quile_catedain-
ina or luc:nIlYe. they UIed to·be. Bvaytbing 
IDUIl have a bappy codiaa. and if Ihe ..:rtbed 
.........ca.e .. islhe oaeaeau.the 1ItenIion, 
1beo Ihe.happy endiDa.beaer iDcIude the·under-
_ And Clod torbId _the UbtMdoa (paum-

S. .... Pltp6 

Monday, Novanber 18,1991 

COMMENTARY 

Master Plan: 
Oppression 
• Migrant worlcers are being 
cheated out of a UC education 
By a.,. JohnHn 
Stair Writer 

The effect of the recent Bradford v. 
UC Rtgtnls decision. which mandates 
out-of-state tuition fees for students 
who have not legalized their immigra-
tion status in California. will continue 
to have a marked impact upon the 
numbers of undocumented immigrant 
students attending UC campuses. 

Until the court's ruling in May 1990. 
the UC admitted undocumented im-
migrants as residents (providing they 
lesalized their status as residents un-
der immigration laws), meaning .hey 
paid the same fees and were eligible 
for the same financial aid as those 
students with California residence sta-
tus. 

Under the Bradford decision. which 
was effective Fall Quarter 1991. im-
migrant students are being forced to 
pay out-of-state fees. and their educa-
tion costs have risen from $2,400 to 
$10.184. 

And if that isn't enough ofaslap in 
the f~ for undocumented immigrants, 
who are ranked as one of the most 
impoverished groups in this country, 
these students are no longer eligible 
for Cal Grants (and never were eli-
gible for federal aid). 

For the paranoiac who feels the 
non-American undocumented are mo-
nopolizing the garment. restaurant, ag-
ricultural and other industries, this may 
be a decision which has been a long 
time in coming. 

But there's more: many of these 
incoming undocumented students were 
actually raised in California, a"ended 
grades K-12 in the state, and have 
parents who (although often through 
the use of bogus Social Security num-
bers to receive wages) have had taxes 
taken out of their checks for years. 
These taxes directly support the UC 
system. 

So why are these people excluded 
from the very system they help pay 
for? 

Sure, they have the option of pay-
ing the more than $7,000 hike in fees, 
but is this rtolly an option for a group 
which has been systematically under-
paid and exploited for their labor by a 
country who now makes higher educa-
tion an impossibility? 

Sounds like something out of South 
Africa to me. 

Excluding these students from 
higher education contradicts every-
thing this state has been saying to 
immigrants - that they should learn 
English, educate themselves and be-
come productive members of society. 

The Bradford Court's list of rea-
sons for denying resident tuition to 
undocumented students included a 
preference to educate its own lawful 
residents, an avoidance of enhancing 
employment prospects of those to 
whom employment is illegal, and an 
avoidance of accusations that it un-
lawfuUy harbors "illegal aliem" in its 
classrooms and dormitories. 

This ruling was nothing more than 
a legalized, smooIhed-over version of 
what many modem day nativists are 
cbUming today: that these people are 
pouring into ourcountry illegally, m0-
nopolizing the indUSbies of the less-
skiiJed by working for lower wages, 
and overpopuhlling this country when 

See I .. _RANTS, Pace 7 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Black Hope is in America - Not Africa 
• What we have in common, not our differences, is the answer to our social problems 

Things IIrCnotlootio& aood forblack 
Americans. Between 1976 and 1989 
bhd college enrollment dropped by 17 
percent. Whiteco\leaeenroUment, bow-
ever, rose by 3.2 percent. Black students 
have the highest dropout rate and the 
lowest gmde poiol avCl1lp of any stu-
dent group in America. ~blackmales 
of conege age are in prison than pursu-
ing a university education. 

To deal with this disparity, the black 
community has redirected its efforts. 
TheculTCOl belief is that "getting back to 
Africa" will help alleviate these prob-
lems. Some claim that anything is better 
than white European culture or history. 
Western civilization is the cause of all 
their iUs and must be avoided. The "us 
against them" war has now been laken to 
the cultural plains. 

HiSlOI)' isc:yclical. Separate but equal 
is now back in fashion. For instance, a 
professor from a southern black college 
was recently interviewed. The reporter 
WIll duc:"ssi", the fa that the school 
WIll Y«y Afric:a.oricote LiUIo to noac 
of the college's cunicuIwn deIk willi 
the lind they were Iivina in-America. 
AI. one point it WIll DOled that wbeo 
c:cJIIIIWCICI to the rest of Anaica, the 
university was in a stale of"sepuatc but 
equal" 

The professor's response; .. WJ.t's 
wroog wi1b that?" 

Years of guiII have caused many 
whites to 10 aIon& willi whatever is 
pIa:ed 00 the IIbIe. Black studics,lIpc-
cial admittance programs. ethnic dormi-
tories, racially segregated freshmen ori-
entations and acquicsceoce toward any 

RECOIL/ '" , ~ C·' " . . ~ .... " ~ ~. .. . . . 

claim of victimization, have all contributed 
to a renewed segregation. Herein lies the 
problem. 

Need has become subordinated to race 
in a nation obsessed with retribution. AU 
the races have lined up at the starting block 
and are ready to go. Unfortunately, this is a 
mean-spirited race where cheating often 
occurs. Sand is thrown in the eyes of whites 
under the name of "affarmative action." 
Indeed, some races were not permined in 
the pasI to enter the competition, but that 
does not give one a license to cheat now. 

As long as one continues to shun the 
melting pot and embrace the race track, 
thin& will get worse. Feelings of"they are 
not one of us. they are Africans," "it's a 
b1ack thing" or simply the claim "se11-out" 
towanls any black who embraces the com-
mooalitywhichtheolher22SmillionAmeri-
cans have, all foUow logically from the 
CUJ'l"ent state of voluntary balkanization. 

Booker T. Washington summed it up 
best. He made a comparison between the 
black. community and acrab baskcL Wheo-
ever one of the crabs tries to climb out of the 
basket. the others pull him back. Us against 
them to the end. Even Shelby Steele, a 

COMMENTARY 

prominent black spokesman against 
multiculturalism and racial privileges, ad-
mits to experiencing feelings of guilt and 
embarrassment about his academic suc-
cess. 

The emphasis needs to be placed on our 
commonality. There is ell(,llgh of it to go 
around. Why must the attention constantly 
fallon the things that separate us instead of 
what bring us together? These days people 
constantly look at themselves as members 
of a group, completely di fferent from other 
people. Ironically, the people who are born 
in America are much closer to the other 
Americans than to their supposed counter-
parts on another continent. 

The separate but equal ship is sinking. 
The black underclass is expandfng, teenage 
birth rates are high, one-parent families are 
becoming the norm, unemployment, drugs 
and even death are what self-segregation 
has broughL Moreover, when things go 
wrong it is the white man who is to blame. 

It's time for a change. Pandering to a 
per.iOD'S face is not a panacea for our soci-
etal iUs. Identity derived from race is being 
compounded by white guilt, all to the detri-
ment of those who are supposed to be the 
benefactors. 

TIle solution may appear contradictory. 
Blacks must view themselves as individu-
als within theframework of American com-
monality.ln other words, we are individu-
als whoallhavemucb incommon- differ-
ent. however, in that we are all separate 
people, This is the way out. 

1ben, instead of a racial tug-of-war. we 
can all come together and help each other as 
individuals, not as a special members of a 
race. 

No Pie in the Sky for Gays (As Usua'l) 
• Magic Johnson can help dispel some of the myths about AIDS and work miracles as well 

Anyone who keepsPeoplt magazine in 
their bathroom (its rightful place) knows 
that in mainstream America we are only 
entitled to feel compassion for AIDS vic-
tims who are children and women. TIle 
villains are bisexual husbands, sinister gay 
dentists and heterosexualsubwbaniteswho 
cannot accepl white children with AIDS 
into their communities, God forbid we 
should do a cover story and a TV segment 
on a gay man! 

WeU, hold onto your toilet paper roll-
my psychic powers teU me that Magic 
Johnson will be on the cover of Peoplt. 

I too choked up a little as I watched the 
HIV -positive Laker smile and "come out 
swinging." The avalanche of support and 
emotion thatemued his announcement was 
initially an affirmation for me. We felt this 
one together. No panisan crap. Together 
we respected and admired his pledge to 
become a spokesperson for safe sex. In our 
hearts we all wished him strength and a 
long life. However, vicious homophobia 
has taken advantage of this opportunity to 
strut his stuff in the media. 

"I want to know how he got it. .. " said a 
teen-age girl in an interview, immediately 
foUowing a school play in which she saw 
bow AIDS can affect evcryone and anyone, 
"You just don't think someone like him 
would get iL" WeU why not. you aiJbead'l 
On the ABC news weekly "20120," Bar-
bara Walters prefaced aquestion directed at 
a doctor by quoting a Sbltistic that said only 
six peroent of HIV infectioru were a result 
ofbeteaosexllalc:ontacl. .. Doctor, "she asked 
in'her best we.sel impersonation, His there 

\1\ .Err FOOT -:,. _.: . 

any way to determine just how Magic got 
infected?" God forbid Magic be anything 
but a macho man! In that case we would 
have to roU up our compassion and go 
elsewhere! Perhaps the worst example of 
this homophobia was telegraphed loud and 
clear on the Arsenio Hall show. When 
Magic asserted his heterosexuality he found 
himself being cheered. Mainstream 
America has made it clear who is deserving 
of our suppon as an HIV-positive indi-
vidual. 

The gay community, devastated by the 
horror of AIDS was galvanized into politi-
cal action and a renewed sense of together-
ness and solidarity as it fought for recogni-
tion in Uncle Sam's eyes. Their fight was 
and stiU is bingedon the recovery of dignity 
in the public and legal ~. After all, in 
some influential circles, the gay conunu-
nity has been cast in the role of the recipi-
ents of some kind of pie in the sky retribu-
tion for their preference for same-gender 
mates. 

The Christian merchants of ·hate, 
wrapped in the mantle of "God and Na-

tion," have been content to let AIDS do its so-
called "punitive" work. Mark Twain summed 
up these fools when he wrote: "I bring you the 
stately matron named Christendom ... with her 
soul full of meanness, her pocket full of boodle 
and her mouth full of pious hypocrisies." 

As always, Cluistian groups stand in the way 
of mising awareness of how youngsters can par-
ticipate in safer sex. The AIDS they know is 
caused by "sodomites," black junkies and pre-
marital sex. This mixture ofhomophobja. racism 
andprudishnessis threatened by MagicJoImson 's 
case. The message finally gOl through: AIDS is 
everybody's problem. 

Accompanying this breakthrough however, 
is also this national obsession with Magic 's 
sexuality. It has shown how much fear and 
disdain still exist toward the homosexual com-
munity. A San Diego TV news anchor made 
light of complaints from the gay community 
about homophobia in the media blitz about 
Magic. He called it "PC." And one of the 
Lakers said he and his teammates were han-
dling the news of Magic"s retirement fine, 
taking it like "men." What does this all mean? 

Yes, Magic is a hero. He is in a tremen-
dously privileged position to affect change 
now. If anyone can do media "magic" to edu-
cate people on AIDS and safe sex, Magic's the 
man. Undoubtedly, this country needs to learn 
about prevention, But America also needs a 
crash course in "respect and love thy neigh-
bor." The assaults and epithets, stares and 
discrimination, and hatred mixed with self 
righteous pity must stop! 

You know, AIDS kills gay people too .... 
But you won't see them on thecoverofPeoplt 
magazine! 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardim Monday, Nmanbcr 18, 1991 

CLOSE-UP 

AnENTION 
STUDENTS 

It's Not Me They Hate-Just My Ideas 

Complete Automotive Repairs 

ov-:JOHN'S 
W];ljM1CARI 
SERVICE 

located at 

8040 Miramar Rd. 
695-8700 

Open All Day Saturday 

Free ride home or to school 
within 10 miles 

Japanese 
European 

& Domestic 

SM08 
S188S 

+ $600 certificate 

Visa 
Maslercard 

Discover 
Mlerican Express 

By Mlluel IIuckenmeyer 
Senior Staff Writer 

How do you feel when you know 
dial someonchalcs you? If you know 
thai pelml'l is an idiOi and you wuld 
care less about their opinion then it 
probably doesn't make a difference. 
If, on the other hand, you don't 
know the person, you may wonder 
why, in fact. they hate you when 
they don't know anything about you. 
You might even feel bad about it. At 
least I feel rejected when someone 
doesn't know me, or understand 
what I believe in but chooses to hate 
me anyway. 

I'm not a member of a racial 
minority nor am I victimized be-
cause of my sexual preference. I 
am, however. hated because I am 
pro-life. It is a ick feeling to be 
hated. Hated not for who you are or 
what you look like but (or what you 
believe in. 

I get butterflies in my stomach 
whenever I take a stand. I think 
about backing out and letting others 
act out my beliefs, but I always 
decide to face what it is that I fear-
the hatred of the other side. My 
"bosom" friend, Ashley, and I have 
waded through this hate together. In 
spite of it all, we sometimes man-
aged toenjoyourselves. Othertimes, 
however, there was no joy in being 
a part of the enmity between the 
anti-abortion and pro-abonion 
movements. 

In my junior year of high school, 
A bley and 1 organized a fairly large 
anti-abortion demonstration in front 
of a prominent Ohio clinic. We in-
tended the protest to consist of stu-
dents and we spent hours recruiting 
participant from our student body. 
We made fliers and posted them all 
over the school. That was when I 

.- ____________ .. _______ , first felt the hostility of abortion 

• proponents. The day after Ihe flyers 
I POOR BOY I went up, they came down. That : ~a MEAL DEAL : wasn'l even the worst part. Most of 

I~ Includes your choice of #1 - #5, I ISRAEL 
I SUB MAR I N E 20-oz. soda, and small bag of chips I 
I SANDWICHES Ofttrgoodwilhcoupan $375 I I 10< II2_onIy. I E"I*t.I2/3II91. 
II Open 7 days 10 am-9 pm • Phone orders accepted. I 909 Grand Ave· Corner of Bayard. 274-3144 I L ____________________ ~ 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Sofl Lense Ex-Iended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete 
L~~~~"" Daily 'gas penn, hard 

Complete 
Brown eyes 10 blue 

·'ncludes: CL eltam. care kit. myopic lenses. 30 
Brand include B&L, Cooper, WJ, 
Para perm. Boslon. 

(Ojftrup/m I2IIJI9/J 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 

Prc.iOIMI'D •• ill S.rvlc. 
• Quollty Eyocor. 
• R.o ••• obl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

ContInued from pace 4 
ably in this case, the Palestinians) 
not "win." 

1be media can tum any story 
inlo a two-sided conflict, taking 
advantage of the way people in !he 
United States have been conditioned 
to react to any issues which may 
arise . . People have to be able to 
identify themsel ves with one side or 
!he other. 

The general populace of the 
United States thinks of every con-
flict in spon-Iike tenns. 1bere are 
two teams and one must win. It 
makes for good debates at !he din-
ner table and it keeps the public 
glued to whichever media it chooses 
to get its infonnation from (which, 
in tum, boosts the ratings). 

All this would be fine if the me-
dia were to do nothing more than 
present bOIh sides, and leave the 
editorials and commentaries to the 
public. 

But, as we can see, that is seldom 
the case. 

Joumalists often refer to the ter-
ritories as "occupied Palestine." The 
irony is that the territories were not 
part of the post-I947 panition to 
begin with. They were in the hands 
of the Arab states which lost the 
territories in the 1967 war. A war 
which Israel did not SWl. A war 
which was launched by the Arab 
states. But teUing the public this 
would shatter the (extremely mar-

~ 
them were floating like boats in 
urine foam in the school's toilets. 
We were insulted at first, but to 
think that the pro-abortionists' only 
response was to piss on our flyers 
made us laugh, indeed. 

Then there was the time that the 
abortion clinic escorts assailed our 
sex lives, accusing us of being the 
reason that there were abortions in 
the first place. Anold woman (whose 
name I can't remember even though 
we were on a first-name basis with 
many of the escorts) accused us of 
sexual impropriety. 

"If it wasn't for you Catholic 
boys, we wouldn't have to do abor-
tions, would we?" she would say. 

"Yeah, keep your dicks in your 
pants," taunted the others. Needless 
to say, they were degrading com-
ments for two guys who believe in 
the sanctity of sex. 

The woman really resented us. 
Our only response to her, thank-
fully, was a humorous one. On this 
particular day ,Ashley and I decided 
that it would be cool to have a ph0-
tograph of her. She wasn't working 
outside the clinic, though. Today, 
she was wailing inside as the door 
kuper. Whenever a patient would 
cross the public sidewalk from the 
clinic's parking lot they would be 
heavily guarded by escorts who 
were, as a group, lunging for the 
entrance. One escort would tum the 
handle of the front door. 

As it turned, the old woman on 
the inside would whipthedooropen, 
the escorts would shove the woman 
inside, and the old woman would 

ketable)imageof"disp1acedpeople" 
or the "innocent Palestinians." It 
would also implicitly say that the 
media is being one-sided. This is 
something which no media sector, 
whether it be radio, television or 
print is eager, or even willing to 
admit 

CNN has repeatedly criticized 
Israel for not wanting to deal with 
the PLO. They mocked the Israeli 
contention that the PLO is a terrorist 
organization, although this was the 
media's stance (and forthal mauer, 
the Stale Department's) prior to 
1987. They now portray the PLO as 
benevolent Palestinians only con-
cerned with gening the occupied 
territories back. 

The news media neglects to men-
lion the terrorist camps, the constant 
infiltrations into Israel by PLO sup-
ported guerillas or the thousands of 
terrorist attacks conunissioned and/ 
or condoned by Yassir Arafat, who 
is being shown to us as the benevo-
lent and misunderstood mentor of 
the oppressed Palestinians. 

They forget to mention thai the 
PLO was started in 1964, long ~ 
fore the Arab countries lost the con-
tested territories. This is the root of 
the problem. To the Arab world the 
absence of a Palestinian Stale is not 
the problem - il is the existence of 
a Jewish one. ThaI is the problem 
and everything else is commentary. 
And it is usually weak, unfounded 
commentary. 

Everyone waruspeace. Bulpeace 

slam the door shut As the photogra-
pher, I instructed Ashley to stand in 
front of the door holding a "Stop 
Abortion" sign Then, Ashley turned 
the handle of the front door. Predict-
ably, the front door swung wide 
open, and inst.ead of seeing a pa-
tient, the old woman found AshJey's 
hugesmile,the sign, and my camera 
lens. 

When I saw the photo I couldn't 
stop laughing. I sent the pholo to 
Ashley, who's now in England, and 
he wrote that he laughed uncontrol-
lably for JO minutes. 1bere were 
times, though, thar we couldn't juSl 
laugh things off. 

We witnessed many disturbed 
women leave the clinic in tears. I 
saw one burst out crying just by 
looking at the confusion of escorts 
and demonstrators huddled in front 
of the clinic. There was no way that 
either of us could empathize with 
the isolation the women felt. We 
could only stand and watch each 
woman sob. 

There have been many times that 
I've been "flipped off" for holding 
pro-life signs. ['ve never had a reac-
tion tothefinger but to wonder what 
lJI()(ivates people to react with such 
crude mannerisms as telling some-
one to "fuck off." 

I used to take it to heart when 
people who didn't know me reacted 
with haired to me. The grocesque 
gestures always bothered me. The old 
woman's false accusations were al-
ways wrongly directed at Ashley and 
me, but disturtlcd me nonetheless. And 
the reaction of my peers in high school 
was enough to make anyone cry. 

I've since learned nO! to take 
them to heart. I've learned that it's 
nO! really even me that they hate-
just my ideas. That's stiU as unfair 
as hating me as a person. When 
people react with hatred to others, 
they must be reacting out offear. In 
this case, I hope they fear the truth. 

is something which the parties in-
volved will have to sort out with 
each other. It isnOisomething which 
Ted Turner has the ability to solve 
- despite what he or his network 
would like to believe. Norcloespeace 
come as fast or as easy as a 90-
minute football game. 

To sit back and point fingers 
does nothing more than antagonize 
both sides and make the largely 
ignorant public lose sight of the real 
issues. CNN and the networks were 
nO! concerned with the outcome of 
the conference in Madrid. They were 
only concerned with winning the 
ratings war. 

Maybe the public is to blame for 
always rooting for the underdog, be 
it right or wrong. Perhaps our own 
consumerism \wi created this me-
dia monster - after all, it is only 
giving the market what it asks for. 

Maybe we should step back once 
in a while and look ar what is being 
declared "fact" by the various me-
dia 

Maybe the media, now that this 
isallover, should take a look at itself 
and realize that "infonnation man-
agement" is just a euphemism for 
lying. 

Andmaybe,jUSlmaybe, we'll be 
able to look forward to hearing and 
reading joumaIism which reflects 
facts and a semblance of objectiv-
ity, not ratings boosters and 
labIoidism. 

Hell, if the Israelis and Arabs are 
Ialking,l guess anything is possible. 

Monday, Novanbcr 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

IMMIGRANTS: ExploIted and now uneducated 
ec..IInuN ......... 
they don't really belong here in the 
fll'Sl place. 

Have we fOlJOllen whose land 
this was before it was ours? And 
who is passively encouraging this 
influx of immigrants with half-
hearted enforcement of the Immi-
gration Law? Who is exploiting 
these workers' labor with low 
wages? 

reigns. 
~ are currently more than 

200 American corporations ex-
p�oiting cheaper labor in Me~ico. 
1be Green Giant corporation re-
cently closed its Watsonville, Ca. 
plant, laying offhundreds of work-
ers, and moved south of lhe bor-
der. 

Now they pay Mexican work-
ers an average daily wage of three 
dollars, and save incredible 
amounts due to the decreased cost 
of labor. 

1be excess labor pool of un-
documented immigrants and the 
uns1cilled provides for industry a 
group who is basically so impover-
ished they will do any type of work 
to survive. 

This is ideal when profits are 
down, and we need people 10 pro-
duce goods for market. This forced 
struggle for subsistence and its en-
forcement by our economic sys-
tem is a direct attack on the human 
worth of these people. 

OPINION 7 

Certainly not the immigrants 
themselves. You're looking the 
wrong way, folks-tum your head 
to the Right The fault is not on the 
part of the undocumented - it's 
our distinguished Establishment. 

In addilion, corporations with 
branches in Mexico do not have to 
adhere to the same environmental 
standards as they do in the United 
States. 

Exc1udingthissamegroupfrom 
higher education guarantees that 
undocumented immigrants will 
continue to be a part of this un-
skilled labor pool, thus indefinitely 
ensuring profits for America. Fur-
Ihennore, it decreases the numbers 
of educated people of color in this 
country. 

Write Now! 
The influx of immigrants is a 

direct result of U.S. exploitation of 
Mexico's foreign marlcets and our 
need for an excess supply oflabor 
to increase capital at any cost. 1be 
push and pull factors of immigra-
tion have been inflated by one force 
to accomplish a single objective: 
more money. 

This thorough exploitation of 
people and natural resources seems 
to be just as much a part of America 
'IS apple pie. 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commen-
taries. Drop your letter at the Guardian offices (on the 
second floor of the Student Center, above the General Store 
Co-op) or mail it to: 

Immigrants are pouring into the 
United States in search of opportu-
nities they are denied in their own 
country because of countries like 
America. We have historically 
maintained this type of economic 
relationship with such countries, 
and their labor supply only makes 
us richer. 

Master plan? 
You tell me. 

Opinion Editor 
Gutuditm 

Plain and simple, this type of 
eltclusion is nothing more than a 
smoothed over version of apart-
heid. It is a moral disgrace that this 
country doesn't put as much em-
phasis on peace and human 
realtions as it does on systematic 
exploitation. 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
1be effect of this institutional-

ized greed on undocumented im-
migrants is a disgrace and a total 
disregard of their integrity and self-
respect. Even in the country they 
come from, U.S. eltploitation 

La Jolla, CA 920'J2.0316 
Letters should be typed. double-~-paced and must include a name 
and a phone number. Letter writers will be contacted to verify 
their identities. We reseIVe the right to edit for length and clarity. 

We (455-1000), The Medical Students (456-4848), Kaplan (277-6744) and now Ronkin (587-8600) all have 
programs for this test. Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for a course, call and carefull y check out 
what each has to offer. By far your best bet is to talk with former students! We had 96 in our last program, 
(four classes of 24) and are accepting 96 again this January. Since we usually wait list, please call sooner 
rather than later. When investigating a program, we think you should ask questions like the following: 

What are the credentials of the instructors? How experienced are they? 
Is teaching their subject their exclusive, full-time ~sponsibility7 
How large are the main instructional classes you will be attending? 
How much real opportunity will you have to ask Questions? 

For the Sciences Subscores on this new passage-style MeAT, problem solving ability (primarily) and a 
broad command of basic conceptual knowledge (secondarily) comprise almost the entirety of the skills you 
need. to ace this test. The best way to improve problem solving intuition is by solving large numbers of 
them in a sma1I-group format with extremely talented instrudors. There are plenty of excellent prep books 
soon to hit the market, from Flowerse 6th Ed" to Simon and Schuster's SuperCourse·, as well as over 15 new-
format practice tests of fair to excellent quality. With all these materials publically available, why take a prep 
course unless it offers superlative instruction in thinkinS skills administered in a small-group format? 

How many passase-style questions are covered in class? How many do you get to take home? 
How many 1n-d'M boon? How many testiq hoUII? What is the quality of the review materials? 
How many full-Ien&th MCA Ts are administered? How many are analyzed in class? 

For the Verbal Reasoning subsoore, your ability to read for abstract meaning and to follow a particular set 
of logical operations with each question is now paramount. What is the least information required to 

convinceyo~thatanansweriscorrect? If you answer a question incorrectly, exactly why is it incorrect? 
You can learn these skills working alone, but again the best and fastest method involves interaction with 
a real expert in a .....u pup over as many hours as you can manage. For the Writing Sample subscore, 
professional help is even more critical. Who will give that advice, and over how many hours? 

Will you be trained in Thesis-Antithesis-Synthesis techniques? How many passages will you read? 
How m,u 'n'" wUl you write? How many will be pm_ignally aWqyed and scored? 
Do you yourselfleam how to aitique and score, as part of understanding the Holistic grading process? 
If you are already verbally expressive, are you taught how to restrict yourself to the prosaibed tasks? 

l)l,nnU11 rllt)(i lor '\' m.lny lu',lIn'l(nh 
.\') 11('('(1('( 101' 1)1l!' lull )-·c.~.u 

AZITA 
fR£E ONSULTATION 
454·6980. 717 I'c",1 SL 
SIC. 208-0. LJ 1011.1 
Other Services: 
• l)cdkurC/M.ln1('urc 
• WL1XIIlg 
• F.)ciJI 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(Positions limited) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 

training you can find! 
EARN $6-$12,000+ while 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992. 
Call 

1-800-KALL-UPP today 



8 NEWS 

ROBERT'S 
A 0 
GERMAN •• wm ...... JAPAN_ SIERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • FactOI)'-Treined Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(,11°) .) ... II')') " .J _ I f)- .) .. 
Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

.. 
KIndall 
--. .. ----. . ............ ' , 

...... _ •• 8 

--------------------100;0 OFF 
on a/l repairs· with this coupon 

'Except moCor and transmi .. ioo overbaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE NUMBERS, 
YOU WON'T GET THE LETTERS 

587-8600 
WE'LL MAKE SURE YOU EXCEL. 

LSAT-GMATeGRE·/tICAT· GRAD TEST PREPARATION 

The UCSD Guardian 

B01TLES 
CGnIIn ............ 1 
thal"an cstimaIed annuallWO hun-
dred million pounds of pvc resin is 
currendy used to peckase vegerabIe 
oils, spices, drup and cosmetics in 
the U.S." Some environmentalists 
have said thai the Ieachin& risk is 
high with edible oil. 

Numberone and two pIastic:s ~ 
made of polyethylene, PET, and 
high density polyethylene. HOP, 
respectively. They ~ higher qual-
ity and ~ more easily recycled 
than number three plastics. 

However, UCSD Recycling C<r 
op member Dan Hurst said, "The 
Recycling C<rop has stopped all of 
their plastic collections because no 
one wants to pick them up. The 
marlcet for recyclable plastic is bad." 

Bethany Gillmore, an adminis-
trative assistant at UCSD Physical 
Plant Services, said the excess plas-
tic piling up at the Recycling Co-op 
had become a "litter problem. "Lack 
of storage room for the plastic caused 
the Co-op to end its all-campus plas-
tic recycling program. 

According to Steve Bloch, se-
nior Recycling Co-op member, al-
though plastic recycling was subsi-
dized by the plastic industry, it was 
not feasible for the Co-op 10 con-
tinue recycling it. 

Recycling centers are stockpil-
ing tons of unwanted plastic. A rep-
resentative from the Miramar Recy-
cling Company said "the center fi-
nally sold its excess tons of number 

AIDS 
eona...d fnIm .... 1 
recipients. According to Bl&e, 
the steering committee will re-
ceive requcsts fg( funding from 
individual doctoi and nurses, as 
well as smaller oo.pirals over the 
next few months. 

The committee will determine 
how much goes to whom on an 
individual basis. 

The money is only given to 
organizations workingwithinSan 
Diego County. 

This could include the UCSD 
StudenI Health Center, which is 
facioclllAIDS ralellDlDD8 UCSD 
colIege-aae people of one in 400. 
Blalcesaid. 

The c:eoter currently does DOl 
provide he HIV IeIIiJla. 

Mooday, November 18,1991 

DRIVE ON - Students tried their hand at "safe" drunk driving last 
Thursday at the La Jolla Country Day School In the Dodge Drunk 
Driving Simulator. The event was sponsored by local universities. 

two,HDP,plastic. We will no longer 
accept number two plastic. We will 
take California redemplion boales 
because we don't lose money on 
them. We don't make money on 
them. either." 

According to a representative of 
the environmental organization I 
Love a Qean San Diego, c0nsum-
ers should demand recycled, not 
just recyclable plastics. If the de-
mand for used plastic does not in-
crease, recycling centers will dump 
them into landfills or incinerate 
them. 

At UCSD, styrofoam is the only 
type of plastic that GiJlmore is work-
ing toward recycling at the moment 
She said that the Styrofoam recy-

Even though the importance 
of the waDe to UCSDSbouId be 
obvious. Blake noted that SanDi-
ego Stale University has always 
sent more walkers over Ibe years. 

"As an alumni ofUCSD,l'd 
like to see some IJlOrC. pII1icipe-
tion," said Blake. "Ripl now. 
State is beaIins the paoli off you 
guys." 

Ovmll, general panicipalion 
hII been risins over Ibe yem. 

In 1989. AIDS Walk raised 
$60.000 from thesponsonof600 
waIIcers. 

Last year.1be IUDbers ... to 
l.200Wllkersand$l~from 
sponsors. 

AccoRIiog to Blab. Mqic 
Jobnsoa'. ~ COIIIfaCIioft of 
HIV hD mOM"" more caDs. 
IIId IDOI'e media ~ .... 

cling program is contingent OIl "find-
ing a potential vendor." 

According to Gillmore, "The ul-
timate goal of the school is to pick 
up evetything that is recyclable." 

Until then, a dumpster behind 
Sav-ort drug store is theclosestplace 
10 recycle number one and two plas-
tics.1t is open from 1 o LID. to 4 p.m., 
Tuesday through Saturday. 

One- and two-liter Califomia re-
demption plastic bottJescan be taken 
directly to Miramar Recycling, 
which is open from 7 a.m. 10 4:30 
p.m. Monday through Friday, and 
7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Saturday and 
Sunday. 

Miramar Recycling is at 6155 
Convoy Street in Kearny Mesa. 

she everexpecled. Blake said she 
was swamped with requests for 
information. 

"I deeply sympathize with 
Magic," she said. "lnIen:st has 
recenIb' waned on Ibe issue of 
AIDS.1bough.1 hope this tragedy 
will ~ AIDS in the forefront of 
our minds. " 

"We WCR &oina 10 have the 
waDe on • Salurday," Blake said.. 
"But many people expressed 
doubts as to wIIccMr they c:ouId 
mate it. But we dido', want 
cIJurc:h..aocrs to miss their wor-
lbip service. " 

The JOUle cholen for the walk. 
wualOIdlcmelerJoopthatstaned 
from Ibe County AdminisInIIion 
BuiJdina IDd wound its WIl'I up 
1be co.t around Harbor IsIInd, 
....... tolbe~ 

Monday, November 18,1991 

W.SOCCER 
ContInued fnIm ..... 18 

The Tritons were overwhelmed 
by the Ithaca attack. Although the 
Bombers didn't score until the sec-
ond half. they were able 10 fire off 
six shots before halftime. UCSD,on 
the other hand, only managed one 
shot before the break. 

Furthermore,lthaca kepi the ball 
on the Tritons' side of the field for 
most of the game, totaling seven 
comer kicks. 

The Bombers' goal came at the 
50:07 marlc when midfielder Kris 
Kaupang - the team's leading 
scorer - took a pass from team-

mare Katie Kleinhans and put the 
ball away for the game's only goal. 

The Tritons managed a feeble 
anack in the second half, picking up 
four IlIOR: shots to total five on the 
day. The potent forward line of Katy 
Dulock, Ckryl Parker and Karin 
Lindsay managed just two shots. 
Ithaca was able to take six shots in 
the final half, 12 for the game. 

But the most telling statistic of 
the game was the lack of pressure 
the Tritons put on Bomber goalie 
Bedl Howland. Howlanddidn 't have 
a save all day. UCSD goalie Jenelle 
Welling on the other hand, was kepi 
busy all afternoon, recording nine 
saves. 

Tritons Eam Toumament Berth 
The UCSD men's water polo 

tearn earned an automatic berth in 
the NCAA tournament by defeating 
Air Force 11-9 yeslerday in the fi-
nals of the WWPA tournament in 
Hawaii. 

Jason Brown led the way with 
four goals. Mike Nalu added two, as 
UCSD earned its second trip to the 
NCAA tournament 

Brown was named the confer-

enoe MVP, and earned first-tearn 
honors along with Kevin Vance and 
Greg Goodrich. Nalu and goalie 
Mike Warren made second-tearn 
All-Conference, while Gary 
Seelhorst was named honorable 
mention. 

The Tritons defeated Pomona-
Pitzer in the first round 19-3, and 
Chaminade in the second 16-10. 

-,..Ko 
Nishiyama, Dawson Pace Fencing 

The UCSD women's fencing 
team downed UCLA 10-6 and 
UCSB 8-8 (decided by touches) in a 
meet at UCLA. The men defeated 
UCLA 14-13, but lost to UCSB by 
the same count 

Grant Dawson I~ the men by 
going 5-1 in foil compelilion. Chris 
Moody led the men's epee, also 
finishing 5-1. Other notable perfor-
mances were lurned in by Aaron 

Shebest, Stephen Ludin -both of 
whom finished 4-2 - and Uri 
Feldman, captain of the sabre team, 
who fmished 3-3. 

Freshman Yumi Nishiyama led 
the women by coming back from an 
injury to help tie the Gauchos. 
Nishiyama went 5-0. Moriah 
McCauley went 6-1 and Justine 
Cogan 5-3 to help pace the women. 

-Pet.Ko 

INTERNATIONAL CAREER OPPORTUNTIES 
We are seeking candidates pursuing advanced 
degrees in Economics, International Relations or 
Applied Sciences with foreign language capabilities 
or overseas experience. 

Please send 
resumes to: Allen & Assoclat.s 

P.O. Box 12614 
San Diego, California 92112·3614 

'The UCSD Guardian 

Call Has MacMu~· 
• Men'. soccer: Red 
card on Cheung put 
spark in Triton offense 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

The Tritons had Bobby Cheung 
seeing red. With just under 60 min-
ules gone by in Sunday's NCAA 
Division m men's soccer third-
round playoff match and 
MacMurray leading UCSD 1-0, the 
Highlanders' sophomore defender 
found himself standing all alone in 
the mouth of the goal. Goalie Joel 
Wallace was caught oul of position, 
too far to the right. 

UCSD midfielder Jarrct Steven-
son leapt to meel a crossing pass. 
and then snapped a header toward 
the empty upper left-hand comer of 
the net. Cheung did the only thing 
he could do. He caught the ball. 

1be move temporarily saved 
MacMurray a goal, bUI earned 
O!eung a red card - and conse-
quently an automatic ejection -
and forced the Highlanders to play 
with just 10 men for the remainder 
of the game. And when Mike Alberts 
converted the penalty kick 10 knot 
lhe SCOl"C at I-I, the only redeeming 
factor of Cheung's act was all for 
nought. 

SPORTS 9 

Red 

After the game, Cheung said this 
panicular acl was pure reaction, but 
that grabbing balls 10 prevenl cer-
tain goals was something that Mike Alberts converted a penalty kick Sunday that tied the game 1-1. 
MacMurray worked OIl. "[Coach hand balls and aUlomatic ejections 
Bill Killen] wants a couple of full- was addressed at length by referee 
backs back to head it out if the goalie George Noujaim in a pre-game 
is out of position. He doesn't want meeting with the officials. 
us to, bUI if we have to, we're sup- . Armstrong added that, because of 
posed to use our hands. the unusual topic, he had warned his 

"I was hoping that [goalie Joel players before the game and thai he 
Wallace] would make the save [on didn't think the penalty was exce -
the penalty kick], and then it would sive: "II was going in. The auto-
be a luming point for us." matic send-off rule is a good thing. 

Cheung noted that he did the A penalty's not a sure thing. A guy 
same thing in last year's tournament could miss the penalty then where 's 
and didn't receive any form of pun- the justice?" 
ishmenl other than the standard free Alberts said that he was nervous 
kick.Headdedthathewasnotaware aboulthe penalty kick: "Against Cal 
that catching the ball was an auto- Lutheran, we were down 1-0.1 sec-
maric red card and thought the pen- ond-guessed myself [on a penalty 
alty was excessive: "[The red card] kick] and kicked it to the other side, 
just put us a man down. But the ref and the guy saved it. And yesterday 
really wasn't on our side all day." "[during the shootout], I hit it poorly. 

According to UCSD Sports In- So, yeah, l was a bil nervous. Every-
formation Director Bill Gannon one was telling me to kick it to the 
and UCSD Head Coach Derek other side, but I ignored them." 
Armstrong, the issue of deliberate Wallace said that he dived to his 

right on the play because he had 
watched the Tritons the night before 
- when they defealed Wisconsin-
Oshkosh in penalty kicks - and 
noticed a pattern: "Yesterday, ev-
eryone went to their left during pen-
alty kicks, so I figured I'd try it." 

It was Ihe first penalty kick 
Wallace had faced this year. 

While the immediate effect of 
the red card was that the Tritons tied 
Ihe score, Cheung's ejection also 
hurt the Highlanders because it 
forced them to play rnan-down for 
Ihe remaining 30 minules of the 
game. UCSD scored all four of its 
goals following the red card. "You 
have 10 walch in back, and you have 
to watch in the midfield. That gives 
them an extra man to bring from 
behind." Killen said. 

Said Alberts: "The guy gets 
thrown out for doing something he 
had to do. That's too bad." 

WE NEED Artists that listen. I j SUSPENSION . Brakes I. · Struts 1_ PlUS . Front End 
Volunteers, 
Food, Baskets, 

Clothes, Turkeys, 
TnmsportaIion, a. isImas 

IIys and IIIOIIIY 10 build our 
~ a..&ts AssociaIion 
wIich OIganiDs resources 

for our famIes and 
cusIMs cbing ... hoIday 
season and around the ytJII. 

...... hnI. 
.............. 

30 14 Imperial AvttM 
San Diego, CA 92102 

C61 ,,231.'763 

1M A unu, .. A LOll 

Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. 

Q. 

Q. 

Whlll is),(I//1" hllil"d/li".~ 
'li,,' lVII/ /I ·lI'" ilt() 
C(l IIIIIII /e d()il/,~ .' 
Whot is IVIII" b((il" 
d()ill,~ Ihlll IYIII dOl/ '1 
/l'lI'" illll iJe cfoill,!!. " 

I\"'cJIIld )V)II /iI.!e sOllle-
Ibill,li I;el/" ((1/(/ d!!.l<',-e"t ." 

Look your best ever. 
Webave 

"Artists tbat Listen." 
Mens Cuts 
$4.00 OFF 

IReg.$21.00) 
Womens Cuts 

$5.00 OFF 
IReg.$26.00) 

'''$I'ECIALTY CENTERS· Alignments r------,.-----T----FOUR WHEEL Computerized Front End I " I Front End I Alignment I 
I BRAKE I Alignment I Front Wheel I 
I SPECI ~L I $249JOOIws I :!= I 
I $6995 I.:=...~ I Bearings I I I _=:::.... I $4495 I 
I moot" .. I ...-. I I (TNdIII_.nl !"'*'~)StoIstx" 
I 24-TlIouIMdIlllWIIIMIy L E"*,,I2J2JIt ~ ..... -. e'pi""2J2JII I RepII1ce IronI pads Ir1d /881 _ _ _ _ _ _ ___ .J 
I ~~~:.ro::~1 I Oi! Change Special Strut Package I 
LI *!::':"'7'" .... 1 ~95 II Go'CI;~.~" •• I _ _ _ _ _ _ :" .... II1II$$.0010< SuperS4rutsk>waoS'"" I 

F 
....,v ___ ... ~ I LMnoW..-..y I ront End I E,p1r" I2J2JI' ........ Ex" .... 12J2J11 I 

I Alignment ~---..,,-~----.., • Front Wheel DrIve • Monroe PwrformInct • 
I $1495 I ServIce Spec:lal I GIl Shocks I 
I .... _INN,........ I $6995 I $1 Q95 _ I 
L E .... '2J2JII .J c.v. _1Ioot~2I1d I _u.s.3tort;gn .... I _ _ _ _ _ booI on ..... lilt ........, ...... 
• SuspJnsIon lifts 
• Body lifts • IowerIngs millble 
Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. 'I 

558-8562 

Winston Square 
3112 Midway Dr. ItO 

223-2248 

-. 



10 

, .' 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 18, 1991 

Software Design Engineers in Test Development 

The towering, snow-covered peaks of the Cascade 
Mountains never fail to impress you on your daily 
commute to the world's leading software company. 

And, this weekend, it's good to know you can 
take your pick of cosmopolitan nightlife, deep sea 
fishing, or maybe kayaking through white water 
rapids. 

Where else could you be but in Seattle? And 
where else would you be working but at Microsoft? 

Here, good housing is plentiful, the people are 
genuinely friendly, and the standard of living is 
exceptionally high. 

Fine arts, exquisite dining, professional sports, 
spectacular outdoor recreation ... the choices are vir-
tually endless. 

~e? 
Best of all is the work. Nobody in the software 

industry can match Microsoft's unique professional 
environment, industry accomplishments or plans for 
the future. 

See, Life in the real world isn't so bad after 
all ... now that you're at Microsoft, that is. 

H you are pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's 
degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, 
Math, Physics or a related discipline, and would like 
to learn more about Software Design Engineering in 
Test Development, we'd like to talk with you at the 
Technical Career Fair, 

We are an equal opportunity employer and are 
working toward a more culturally diverse workplace. 

® 

Monday, NOYCIDbcr 18, 1991 

M.SOCCER 
ConIIIIued tNm .... 14 
minutes remaining. The unlikely hero was 
defender O!ad Gavin who lofted a seem-
ingly-hannless free kick from roughly 45 
yards out. But Madden, suffering from a 
nagging knee injwy that has kept him from 
workinB out for the last four weeks, driftedout 
too farand the ball went over his head and then 
bounced into the net to make the score 3-3. 

Madden was having a horrible day - and 
it would soon get worse. Seven minutes into 
the first ovcnime, Henscbel sent a t.lI bound-
ing along the ground to the far post. Madden 
carne out to cut it off', but it rolled right under 
his anns and to the foot of Cottone who was 
waiting on the other side. Suddenly, the Ti-
tans had taken a 4-3 lead, and the UWO 
sideline was screaming, "Hold 'ern." 

The UCSD GIW'dian SPORTS 11 

win over Cal Lutheran. Despite the injury, 
Spain started Sunday. But he was obviously 
1101 up to par. He was limping and had trouble 
sprinting at full speed. MacMurray exploited 
that weakness for the game's first goal. 

Abel Uribe took a pass from Pedro 
Rodriguez, and sprinted down the left wing 
-Spain's domain. Heoutraced the wounded 
fullback for the goal box and then beat Mad-
den to the far post before help could arrive. 

Armstrong noted that the play was just bad 
luck. "I was going to take Spain out," he said, 
adding that Gagnon had beel) wanning up. "It 
was just bad liming." 

But, forthe third game in a row, the Tritons 
came from behind. The catalyst this time was 
MacMumlY defender Bobby Cheung who 
snatched a header by Stevenson. Cheung got 
an automatic red card and ejection for the 
move, and Alberts evened the game at I-I 
with the penalty kick. The play also forced 
MacMumlY to play with 10 men, and the 
deficit would oon show. 

1be roIler-roaster ride was far from over, 
though. The Tritons, as they have throughout 
the tournament, rallied one more time. This 
time, Hanssen slipped a ball thallooked like 
it was bouncing on a bed of rocks through the 
anns of UWO goalie Mitch Poppen and into 
the net, effectively sending the game to pen-
alty kicks. 

Dall McOoweWGIwIUI 
UCSD goalie Michael Madden saves the decisive penalty kick by Mark Pawlyshyn Saturday. 

The Triton offense, which seems to love 
streaks, blew the game open with goals from 
Todd CUmlO, Sergio Salvador and Bradbury, 
all less than 10 minutes apart. 

his shot to the right post, about waist high. happened twice." 

Armstrong chose Gerhardt, Albens, 
Romey, Jeff Gagnon and Bradbwy. In goal, 
he went with back-up Jed Brintzenhoff, who 
had entered the game after the Titans' founh 
goal. 

Madden guessed correctly, dove, stretched 
his left arm out and the ball slapped against his 
palm and roUed away, for all intents and 
purposesending the Titans 'season.Pawlyshyn 
did a deep knee bend right where he had 
kicked the ball and held his head in despair for 
several seconds. 

After the three-hour game on Saturday, the 
Tritons burst into Sunday' contest with all 
the enthusiasm of beaten dogs. And 
MacMurray - 1-0 victors over Fontbonne 
Saturday with two seconds remaining in over-
time -looked little beuer. 

The rush of offense was the result, in part, 
of Killen's decision to take a man off his 
forward line to help the backfield, which 
allowed at least one Triton defender to run 
uncovered on offense. 

Matt Kaker and Cottone netted uwo's 
flJ'St two shots, though. so the Tritons switched 
back to Madden. Brian Gingrich beat him on 
the third, and the teams were deadlocked, 
with Gerhardt, Alberts and Romey having 
made their shots. 

And when Bradbury knocked home the 
fifth penalty kick and then sprinted around the 
field, UCSD found itself in the quarterfmals 
against MacMurray. 

Highlander Head Coach Bill Killen thought 
UCSD came into the game with the bigger 
disadvantage. "When I saw [UCSD's) start-
ers,l \mew [Armstrong) wasn't playing with 
his best tearn," Killen said. 

With the game in the bag after Bradbury's 
goal, the Triton played keep-away to kill the 
clock. not wanting a repeat of Saturday's 
fiasco. When the final whistle blew, the play-
ers seemed exhausted, phy ically and emo-
tionall y, and managed only a couple of raised 
arms in celebration. 

On the fourth rotation, Pawlyshyn stepped 
up for the Titans. The gangly midfielder lined 

Alberts was arnazed at the numberof goals 
scored against the Tritons. "In all the years 
I've been at UCSD, we've never had four 
goals scored against us. And this year, it's 

Parr of the problem was injuries. Mike 
Lodoen went down with a severely pulled 
hamstring on Saturday, and Spain had been 
nursing an ankle sprain since the first-round 

It was a r.lIher subdued celebration for a 
team that had just advanced to the final four. 

w. V-BALL 
CGnIInuecI tNm .... 14 
was based on finances. Of the four 
teams left in thetoumamenl, it would 
have cost each squad $29,000 to go 
10Juniata(in Pennsylvania),$30,<XX> 
to come to UCSDandonly $ I 9 ,<XX> 
to venture to Washington. Thefounh 
team, Wisconsin-Oshlcosh, did not 
put in a bid to host. 

But, he said, the trip to SL Louis 
could favor the Tritons in at least 
one aspect: "We've played in their 
gym. We're real familiar with the 

surroundings ... 
Moreover, D3Mevilc feels that 

the Tritons respond well 10 large 
crowds: ''TIle team responds real1y 
well to excitement." 

A large crowd is likely with 
Washington in the tournament. 

According to Dannevik, one 
major difference between this year's 
team and last year's - although 
essentially the same personnel- is 
that this team is much more confi-
dent entering the final four. "The 
difference in one year is tremen-
dous," Dannevik said. 

@[JJ IJ [k CUTS 

SYSTEME 

.IIBIOLAGE. 
By ..... 

ByTAWNYAOF 
ESSENCE SALON 
on~ $1100 

includes; shampoo & j)OOsion haircut 
blow dry and S¥ing $4 exira 

HiUtes & Perms $45 
(including haircut) 

3251 HOUDAYCOUIT,5UIIE201 LAJOUA 4539477 
Above St. gerrnain's Liquor & Deli -

Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 

~~1!~~;;;;$-35-
Mus! .--Ihis coupon. r.. '2/2/91 

Please osIc about ovr other services such as manicures ond hoir corel 

--------------------CosTA V ... CaNtU 
8650 Genesee, See. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 

1be Tritons' opponent in the 
semifinals will be Juniata College. 
Stan time is set for 5 p.m. Friday. 

Juniata is a peremial power and 
dropped only one game on the way 
to the tournament. "They' rea young 
team," Dannevik said. "[Butl their 
coach knows how to coach against 
us and prepare for us." 

Should the Tritons get by Juniata. 
they could meet Washington in a 
remalch oflast year's national cham-
pionship game. The Bears must first 
get by Wisconsin-Oshkosh in the 
other semifinal game. 

GET TOGETHER! 
Meet the Returnees 

Meet the Prospectlves 
?? Ask any questions 

I! Tell any stories 
Returnees and all 

interested welcome! 
Thurs., Nov. 21, 3:30 

The Cove Room 
PrIce Center 

(inside the Food Court) 
Sponsored by 

Fifth College Council 
and PAO 

Advertise in the 
Guardian 

AND LEf US 00 TIffi SELLING FOR YOU. 

For more information 
call 534-3466 

~und Table Pizza 
FREE DELIVERY 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
.------------------~ • ..,., COUOON o.p;res 12/15/91 • Lar •• F ..... lou. 5 : 
• A thin crust pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, • 
• olives, peppers and onions. $1.199 • 
• :::.-=..:;=-.,.,;.,~~. pi ....... 
• .... _ rruc'CliH'7'E/tI'U/.L·S rYE TAVEAN • 

_7-2080 ~RouitdThblePtzza . ~------------------~ .-0001 ct:l«<lN Expires 12/15/9i'1 • Purchase an $8.99 Medium Thin Crust • 
• Pepperoni and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
.0< __ -.... • • 
= :::.-.:~~~TH~~~.RUSl 4~~ : 
• .... 7 2080 I'NCCCEH'7'E/tI.U/.L·SCYETAVC«N • 
• 

- ~ RoundThblePizza. 

------------------

• - c;o...(lN Expl ... 12/15191. 
• Purchase a $10.99 Large Thin Crust Pepperoni • 
• and purchase the next one for ONLY • 

• "'--U'iiQ. TIM CRUST $&00 • 
• 0IIer_""_. ~,,,""""". ~-.... • 
• ...... ~."...., .... or......,... PAJCCCEHTEICI.8UU.'SCY£TAV£IW . 
• .... 7-2080 ~~RoundTablePI~. 
~------------------. • - ~ ExpI,..I2/15/91. 
• -200 OFF • 
• • 
• LARGE THICK OR THIN CRUST • 
· ...... _--.,."..,... .. -,. . 
• ............................... "1UCa:C£NTaNalU·S£'r£TAV£_", . 

• 487-2080 Wti:JRoundTabiePizza . • 
. _----------------_. 



" 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
CtlCKENI'IDTAlnlha HoIIdayCl (next 
to Sl Germain'l) would ilia you to rip out 
their coupon and give them airy, (101lM-
11125) 
"looIdng tar a JewIah COIwl8Cllon?" Cal 
JewilhCempuaCenWa. loIaoleclMllea. 
534-2521 . (10124-11130) 
DISNEYlAND PARTY BUS-Nov. 30th 
AU. DAY, $45 each,lncIudea ~ 
Mel ticka' aduItI only. LA GARMENT 
DISTRICT SHOPPING. Dec. 7 AU. DAY. 
$22 each. Proceedl benefit Greyhound 
drivers strflce fund. (619) 23HI016. (101 
31-11125) 
Help do poaItIv. thinga tor our plane! and 
ourpolltlcsl North County CoutaI Greens 
meet the third Thursday of the month 
(Nov. 21). Unitartan FelIowsNp, 1036 
Solana Dr., Solana Beach at 7 p.m. 753· 
38991434-7515. (11 /18-11121) 

These 
people must like you! 
Please find their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) .... ......... 450·3323 

UCSDUTS 
BJ's Pizza ................... .455-0662 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .456·BREW 
Papachlno's ................. 546·7666 
Vakimono ... ................. .452-4255 
Salsa Rio ...................... 453~50 
Gia's Pizza ................... 792-7521 
Heidi's .......................... 450·3044 
La Salsa ....................... 455· 7229 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Choices ........................ 554·FOOD 
Kickin' Chicken ............. 558-4747 
Beans ........................... 453·9252 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
John's Foreign ............. 695-0700 
Sparks .......................... 453-4405 

UCSDHAlR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair. PB ........... 273-2887 
V.ars Ahead ................ 546·7666 
La Jolla Barber ............. 459·5792 
Rocco's. UTC ............... 4554420 
Essence Salon ...... ....... 453·94n 
W. Care Hair ............... 587 ·cun 

UCSDBUUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558·1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD FITNESS 
Being Frt ....................... 483·9294 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers .............. .. 558-6666 

UCSDETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
Music T racier ...... .. ........ 683·1469 
BonzaI Bungae .......... ... 988-7272 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270-3680 
VIdeo Gallery .... , .......... 452·1766 

The UCSD Guaniian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenls. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; thert/ore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to TIle UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Mondily's issue, and 3 p.m. MondayforThursdily's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA,topfloor. 

DISSERTATION WRITER 'S groupl 
complellon workshops. For Info call 
PoatgraduateGroup(618) 892-0966. (101 
31-1215) 

SAVE VOUR COUNTRY. Enjoy lively 
political dillCUlliona and debates. Join 
the College Oemocrall. Every Tueaclay, 
7 p.m,. Price Center Ubrary Lounge (2nd 
fIoor)"..,.1he game room. (11111· 11121) 
TAKING THE MeAT .. APRIL' Come 
chCIck out HypeneamIng at Round Tibia 
on TUIIIday, 3-4 p,m.1 (11118) 

FIFTH COUEGE STUDENTS: Planning 
to apply tor an A.A. polltlon? An 
OrIenIation Leader pOIItlon? Or just want 
to enhanoi your leadership abllItIeI? The 
Fifth College Leadership Seriea .. for 
you. Winler Cuar1er. TU8Idaya noon-l ' 
p.m. beginning January 7. Limited 
11**, .. _yourMatbyo-nber 
5 at Fifth College Dean', OffIce (Bldg 
MMC 412). au.stions? Call Sarfta 
Maybln·Anderson, At.t. D.an, Fifth 
College. 534-2237. (11118-11121) 
NEED CREDIT? Major bank cardl? 
Cash? Put credit history/nocredlt history 
OK. GUARANTEED. LSASE to: LailUre 
EnterpriMs, 328 I St., Suite 132-UC. 
Eureka, CA 95501 . (11118-11125) 
RI\caIIa expr.a Is now openl UCSD 10 
geIB you 20% off everything on the menu. 
457-TOGO. (11/18-1 t121) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barf - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discou nil. 558-48441226-1962. 
(9123-1215) 
PASSPORT PICTURESi New at Cal 
Copy. OnIySS.95. WhIle you walt. Xeroxes 
and more. Near St. Germain·s. 452·9949. 
(9123-614) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experi.nced. Word Proce •• lng lor 
.v.ryon.. Engln •• ralch.mlil. -
ICientIfIc word proceaor. Edit: reports. 
manuscrlpll, reaumes. dlaaertallons. 
~Prfnler. I521 SummitAve., CardlfI. 
FAX: 633-1624. VOICE: 753-5964. (1 11 
7·1215) 
WORD PROCESSING. Teachera and 
Slud.nll . Th ••• s. t.rm pape,.. 
manuscripts. reau~. l.uer printer. 
CIroIIne Starr, 224-3879. (11/11-1215) 
PIANO LESSONS - Experl.nced. 
supportive t.ach.r n.ar campUI. 
CIuIics, pop, rock. All .. w.Icome, 
Joan. 457-8065. (11/11.11121) 
TAKE YOUR BREAK IN GREAT 
BRITAIN I Exchange VIICIIIioN arqnged 
between IIUdenIIln Engtand & Amerfc:a. 
DiIcounl air tare available. STUDENTS 
ABROAD. LTD.. PO BOX 944 . 
0rIngeY .... CA 95882. (800) 428-8638, 
Fax: (918) 635-1165. (11114-11125) 
lYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. Most 
)oba - $2 per page. FUllUm around. 
Call Becky. 695-0231 . (11/18) 
FrtneII. ~ (Ldn), all Ieve\a, 
OOIMBatIontnlnlldon. Leave~ 
and number. EIIaabeth. 454-41905. (111 
18) 
MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION 
PHOTOS. PORTRAITS, AND MORE ... 
Fut, lnexpenslv., profeaslonal. Call 
Adam. 566-1631. (11 /18) 
Word ~ng: I will type better for 
less. All papers. Computer generated 
char1s, graphs and tables. I.uer printer. 
Call 631-4430 and leave a measage. (111 
18) 

Tutorfng Spanish. AI levels, axpedat!Cad 
peraon. Reuonabkt re ... PIeue call 
552-8371, leave meuage. (11118) 

ALASKA ....a EIIWILOv.NT-
fl.herln. Earn $5,OOO+/month. FrM 
trenIpOItaIIonl Room and boWl Over 
8 .000 openlngl. No .xperl.nce 
n.c.asary. "al. or female. For 
employm.nt program call Stud.nt 
Employment Servicelat 1-206·545-4155 
ext 113. (10121-11121) 
We',. looking tor a top fraIemi1y. aorortty 
or IIUdenI 0fgIIIizaIi0n tMI would Ilea to 
make ,500·$1500 tor a on. wHk 
marIcIIIng projIc:I rIgIW on campua. Muat 
be 0IgII1ized and haId WOIkIng. Call 
Robart at (800) 582·2121. (10131-11/18) 
Aaelatance wi1h child care and light 
1104 I8IIIMpIng In Del Mar. 3c:h11dn1n .. 
1 month. 2 years. and 8 years. Varioua 
ongoing 1hiftI. Own cer. 755-6172. (111 
4-1215) 
Help wanted. CIvIatmu hefp. 15 part-
lime rtIaiI openIngI. $8.20 10 atart. Can 
remain PT 2nd MfIIIIIIr. Cotporate ollce 
3 mIIeI fnom campus. For Info cal 495-
25n. (1114-11121) 
STRATFORD COFFEE HOUSE In Del 
Mar Is now hiring oounteflpentry help. 
Contact Tim or Lance. 411-8590. (1117· 
1212) 
Wanted: Growing International Dining & 
Travel oorpora1ion ......... agentI. 

Eam~whlleatschool.Call (800) 
527-3355, (1117·111t8) 
Director for ACA acaldited not·tar·profit 
girls resident camp. Ten-week ..aon 
with part·time pre·camp work. 
aualitlcatlons: ACA certification . 
Experience with hor.- and aqua1lca 
preIerTed. Reaume to Julie Fabaik. 1231 
Upu St., San DIego, CA ~2103. AAI 
EOE. (1117·11121) 
WanIIId: Subjecta from Southern Boston 
.,... _ needed tor music petceplion 
.xperim.nt. No mu.ic .xperl.nc. 
.-aery. SIMlour. Call 558-1385. (111 
11-11(18) 

Moaday, NO¥Cmbcr 18, 1991 

GUITARISTS SEEK BASS. ORGAN! 
PIANO. DRUMS for rock n' roI banel. 
.... clglha&oNLOuy, 7112·8064. (111 
18) 
SINGER ... 1Is banel. I have gr.at 

~ ....... trwepoi""'~AI 
-.andlnlluMcel. ~.487-0082. 
(11/18-11121) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED. La 
.lola Colony. to Ihare 2BA. 2 SA. vauIIad 
ceIIng. WID. pool. jacuzzi. Non-amoIIer. 
no patI. $450 par monIII p1u1112 utIIIIea. 
AwIJ December " ..... Cal4!57-8080. 
(11/18) 

FOR SALE 
Futon and frame. $115. Ma .... and box 
eprtng-new. '75. CofIMandend IIbIes, 
S2!5-35. Futon aota-bed, $219. 587-0095. 
(10121-11121) 
1886 Honda E ... 80 aoooter. Fun, reHabIe 
transportation. Easy parldngl Low miles. 
$800 obo. 272-8643. (11 14-11121) 
MAC SE 40MB HD, 4MB RAM, AND 
ACCELERATOR. Ton, of software 
Inc:fuding CAD and Syatem 7. lola of 
games. Canon T·go with 351200 mm lens 
and 300 TL speedlltllluh. An .-orne 
cam.ra with .uy·to·use electronic 
lealurea. Call CaMy at 453-7570 or 534-
78M. BEST OFFER I fllI11 · 11/18) 
Snowboards Mamboo 160 wI Sims 
bIndinga. 6 NU AnIIgravIty 170 wI Sima 
bIndInga. Both In great c:oncII1Ion. 458-
3081 . Ruuall. (11114-11118) 

~bIack fuIonwlcr:Netr. Excellent 
oondIIIon. $70. ConIacI John, 453-7159. 
(11114-11118) 

BlANCHl12-ipHd men'l fIICing bike. In 
gtMt oonditIon. ~ .. II. "85 abo. Call 
Ralph. 587-1456. (11114-11/18) 

Carfor ..... 1979 Toyota Corolla. 80.000 
mIIea, new clutch. Call Ma/Cat481·5122. 
(11118) 
1987 Ford Mustang LX: blue, automa1ie, 
power doora. crulae oontrol. AWFM 
CIIIMIIe. tIIt-wheel. Only 57K mi. Excellent 
shape Interiorlextertor. GIvIng away for 
$5OOOIobo. Call Alex, 452-97101 (11/18) 
'86 Toyota 4Runnet'. 4WD. 33· tires. all 
extra, asking $7,900. RIch, ~ 
(h), 492·1150 (w). (11{18-11121) 
Plane ticket 10 San Francisco. Depart 
from San DIego Nov. 25. ReIum New. 28. 
$75. Call Sene at 455-8871. (11/18-111 
21) 
One-way tick.t to Denver 11123191 
(adJual*ethN 12115191).$75. Call 453-
8524. (11118-11121) 

Brou? BroUn '-ted? bootacI out 
or beet .. , Swift & Connolly speclaliz. 
In repreIInIIng UCSD 81Udents, atafI and 
tacuny In bankruptcy. tamllylaw.1andIord-
tenant and personal injury mattera. Call 
481-8&'2 to arrange a he 112 hour 
c:onsuIta1Ion. (10121·1215) 

WANTED 
Retail clothing aaIeapeopIe. All IhIf1I 
avlilablll. UnIque oppor1UnIty wI1h faa! 
growing company. ~ with APPAREL 
DESIGNER ZONE. 8250 camino Santa 
F • .• Ste 1, San DIego 82121 (MIramar 
area), 450-3324. (9123-1215) 

WANTED: EnergetIc ..... repa. Flexible For .... : '84 PIymou1h BoIIIradera 318. 
hours. $3OO-$8OOImonth. Indep."dent Good ooncIIIon, 11 OK miIeI. $ 1,000.448-

81n. (11/18) 

Word Proc .. llnglTyplng: Acad.mlc 
manuscriplS. papers. thnel. I.tt.rs, 
,""mae. Accuralllfaslservloe. Mary Ann. 
452·9439. (10128-11 /18) 

BEING fIT "'*Ing .xpeI1at!Cad aarobic 
~ torCialremont location. Fleldble 
hours. Call Lenny , 483-9294. (9123-1215) 

Co.. calanea. VHS movIee. Top .. 
LMm ............. 11. Rd,.. skills for your paid. ~ Treder, 101M Miramar Rd. 

'--J'-' 683·1468. (9/30-1215) 
grass/sand volleyball game. Call Greg at 
546·1421 for more inlo. (10128-1215) 

DO IOU HlYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

Summer manag.m.nt Intern,hlp 
A' ...... nowtaldng piIIoe. Gain valuable 
.xperl.nce managing a t.am of 
empiDyHS, customera and suppliers. 
Majority 01 hiring will be completed by 
Nov.mbar. Av.rage gro •• profit II 
$11287. Call Triple 'A' SlIdent Pain\IerI 
tarlnlormallonnow. 1~ 1. (101 
10-116) 

Raeareh Volunteera 

rnanceting corp. ConIactJuIie. 558-5833. 
(11111·11121) 
PART TIME HELP WANTED. 
Int.rnatlonal Corpora1l0n ... klng 
protal.loNII. deIaI orfen1Id raoepIIonIaU 
~. Mult be available til worfc 
momInga and must type 40+ wpm. $8.251 
hour. Call 793-1801. (11/11-11118) 

R.laau. F.nder Jaguar. Amazing 
aunbuflt dIIIgn - must ... 1 $200. Guy, 
792-9084. (11/18) 
COMPUTER FOR SALE: Apple lie, calor 
monitor. Im .... Wrlt.r printer. word 
prooeaeor, _, $47510b0. Cal KevIn. 
558-7215. (11f8.11m) 

Employment oppor1unItIea - law clerk! 
sac:r.tary • filing. pho".a, copying, DESK: student cleek. pine. plus chair. 
IICCUI'atelyplng,lexIIiehol.n.$5.25Jhour. $75.457-8080. Also haW bookshelf for 
560-8405. (11118-11125) $20. (11118) 
Band looking for rock drummer to play 
varioua 1tyIes: Ruah, Floyd, Zap ..... be 
willing to play originals; •• riou. 
commitment a must. Cal [)aye. 458-0071 
ahar6. (11118-1113) 
BABYSITIER NEEDED tor.clorellle 1-
year-olcl. Weekdaya. Del Mar. 12-15 
hourWlek, $4.5OIhr. ReIIIbIe perIOII 
wIItI referellOeS. Cal 258-1888 any time. 
(11118-1112!5) 

---------------------FUTON. auEEN SIZE. IJnIrQhed pine, 
trame. futon and two futon tables. AI for 
'100. 457-8080. (11118) 

HOUSING 
Wanled - Afrace.,trIc, wg. female to 
.... duplaln CenIII. nMrbNch, $400 
+ 112 uMea. AdelIne. 438-5401. (1114-
11118) 

• Hepatitis A 

·Chlymadia 

la,.$$$ 

STRESSED OUT? 
FIlBB _reh Rudiel evaluat-
inc m.!dicationa are availabl. to 
peopl • .ufI'm", from anxiety. 
SYlllptomi include worryi", too 
much, bel", unable to relax, in· 
aomnia, ltomaeh probl.ma, 
mustle act .... f'eeii", tense, and 
dilftc:uky _va"",. Suitable 
vohmeeenbenefithm freemedi-
cation, lab .... JIh1aicaIa and 
.. ychiatnc eq)uationa. Studiel 
aJ.oavailabletor...... . ~. Call 
for a conftden&lal evaluation. 

:, (ja~--CDpy~J 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus eam up 

to $100 per week, 

Please call 
MD LAIOIATHIU 

226·1733 Laf'd == 554-0100 
, l 

\1 J .... I'" \ 
l, ' , t , 

SElf SERVICE COPIERS 
YOl.IIIE DIICOUNTI 

VELO &. COMB BINDING 
_.NDlCARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
MXIIIMCI"'~ 

I 
~~r]11 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Monday, NOftIIlbcr 18, 1991 

a.n.... VIAl oondo tar .... by owner, 
End unit IiIuaaICI In quilt - lIIIOIIII 
pi,... 0IMnder. and ~ '-- 2 
II\IIIIf IIIcIrooIM (MIY til oonwrt to 3), 
1 112 bdII. '''' mi. from UCSD. 1 block 
from~Townec... PIIIIo.pooI, 
and cover.d cerpott. ., ..... 500. Jason. 
558-2484 or 5:M882. (11/18-1212) 

Del ... oondo for ..... Furnished. 1IIrn-
qy. 2 bedlOOmS, 1112bd1son21eYe11. 
ConvenIently IOcaI8d at Del Mar HeIghta 
and Mango Dr. Available now. $9451 
month. 753-20458. (11 /14-11118) 

WanIed: MmaIe roommale to ahara two 
bedroom luxury condo atartlng ,..xt 
quarter. $45OIrnonth. Kriatine. 452-8n6. 
(11114-11125) 

Roommat. wanted : MlF, NS, own 
bedroom, share bath in 2 bath!4 bedroom 
('MY iIIge) houM in Catditf. Large yard. 
garage. WID, w/3 other SIUdenta. Ocean 
view on clear days. 436-5582. (11114-111 
25) 

Room tar *It In TierrIuntL New house 
with all IPj)IIanceI. cable. and nice 
backyard. au-. ... 15 minutIM from 
campus. $3101m0nth flU 1/4 utiIItieI. 
487·8742. (11/14-11/18) 

Room - klmIIhed - $350. U1iIItieIIInc. 
n.rr.anta. Non-8moker. pool and lIlA. 
~. (11/14-11118) 

STUDIO: Includee utiIi1iIa.laundry, oven, 
refrigerator. yard. Wlndansea Beach. 
$46OImOnth. No pall. One person. 456-
4075. (11118) 

Female roommate wanted ASAP I Own 
room In " 8RI3 SA home in Del Mar. 
$32OImo+ 1/4ut1llt1aa. WID, jacuzzi. close 
to 1-5. Ihopping. Call Terri. 793-87Vl . 
(1 UI8-11125) 

UTC master bedroom in 2 801 2.5 SA 
condo. 2 car garage. tennis. pool. jacuzzi. 
$485. 587-0412. (11/18) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Single room In Del Mar townhome. 1 
block IIombNch. $350. Call Marc at 481· 
5122. (11/18) 
F.mal. room mat. wanted 10 .hare 
&pIICioua muw bedroom with bathroom 
and balcony In tri-IeveIluxury condo. One 
miletlllChool.llnnlsoouns. pool, aec:urtty. 
Only $230. Please call~. (11/18-
11121) 
Room available In spacious 1700 sq It 
townhouse, less than 1 mile from campus. 
Pool, flr.place. reserved parking. 
Nonamokers pieaae. $36OImonth pius 11 
4 utilities. Pfeue call John or Tom. 296-
1386. (11118-1215) 
MISSION BEACH. Bayfront on the sand, 
2 BOIl SA furnished, $ 11 OOImonth. 456-
8022. (11118) 

Walk to campus. Male roommate to share 
2 bedroom. nicely furnished lownhouse 
with 1 female. Clean. oonsiderate and 
easy going, Washerldryer, pool. jacuzzi. 
$4OOImo .• 112 utilities, deposit. 458·1983. 
(11 /18-11121) 

MISSION BEACH. Bayfront on the sand, 
nice. large studio. $5OOImo. 456-6022. 
(11118) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: A pair of eyeglasses outside 
Peterson Hall on MondaY. 1114 around 
4:30 p.m. Call 534·568 t to claim. (11111 · 
11118) 
Losl. black rim glasses in grey cloth case . 
Lost on 1115 at Mandeville Auditorium. 
450·9018. (11114·11118) 

PERSONALS 
Are you struggling with Shenk? Is OASIS 
closed? Call the Math Doctor: 453·7725. 
(11114·1113) 

Alpha Omicron Pi actives: get psyched 
foran awesome social tonight! Love, Alpha 
Lambda Pledges. (11118) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Gina and Torf - We can'l thank you 
enough lor the time. energy. and 
anthusIasmyou'veglvenourpiedgeclass. I 
Theloveyou'veshownwon'tbelorgonen . 
Love, Tri Delta P.O.C. (11118) 

SlgEpe - We didn't know school could 
be so tunl Thanks for the blastl - Chi 
0IMga. (11 11 8) 

Sigma Nu - Hats off to you guysl Our 
exchange was rippin'l Thanks. Pi Beta 
Phi. (11 /18) 

Go PI Phis I Awesome job with volleyball 
and tennis I Keep It upl (11/1 8) 

HAZEL - Sorry bout the shiny mood. 
Vou brighten my pianet considerably. 00 
what you want with me. 4th moon UREY 
same coordinates. Love, Short Guy, (Ill 
18) 

To all my slress biscuit engineering 
homeboys: chill out! We're almost there. 
God fodder. (t 1118) 

;'~I 1 ~J\J 1 J0J\j~ 
Apply for the position of Sports Editor/Associate Sports Editor 

Join the GUQI't/iQn spor1S deplrtmentJ We're looking for an addition to our sports editoria1 staff. Bring I res~, clips and a cover lener to the Guardian office (on the second floor of the Student 
Center, above the Geocral Store Co-op) and place them in the Editor in OIiefs box. Or mai1lO: UCSDGuardion, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, La Jolla, Ca, 92092"()316. 

At'·a ..... II ............ IlInII S. Dec.! 
If you have any questi0n5, call 534-6580 and ask for Jason or Robin. 

BICYCLE 
CLEARANCE SALE 

80ADBIKES B.E.Q MLJ; 
CLUB FUJI $499 $388 
CLUB FUJI '90 $459 $339 
Fuji ROUBAIX $649 $!549 
RALEIGH OLYMPIAN $399 $339 
RALEIGH SUPERCOURSE $510 $429 
IKIUNTAIt 11.1;5 
FWI SILHOUETTE $169 $131 
FWI SUNDANCE $599 $499 
FWI PROFESSIONAL $949 $749 
RALEIGH TALON $310 S259 
RALEIGH TACTIC $359 $289 
RALEIGH TRAVERSE $419 $348 
RALEIGH TANGENT $479 S389 
RALEIGH OBSESSION $491 S389 
RALEIGH HEAT $542 $449 
RALEIGH CHILL $698 $589 
RALEIGH PEAK $984 $719 

GIaOIIDMET UCSDBDtE 
lAtE SHOP 

An Giro helmets in the Student Center Hours: Mon. - Fri. 
tftOFFl 10AM-5PM 

GIro hardtop children's 534-4279 
helmet now I34.IS AU sal. ilems limited to 

stock on hand 

••••••••••••••• I i 
'0 i • 

• • 
• • 
• COFFEE. 
• & TEA • • • =" Over 50 Coffees & Teas = 
= 2 FOR 1 • = 
• • • ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS • 
• CwIIh !his coupon. One per CUSIOfIIef. ExpIm Nov. 30. 19'J1I • 

• STOlE HOURS • 
• M-Th 7 am-1 0 pm, F-Sal 7 am-11 pm, Sun. 7 am-9 pm • 
• LIVE MUSIC • 
• Wed. & Thurs, 7·9:30 pm, frio & Sat. 8-10 pm • 
•• Sun. 6-8 pm • 
• 8935 Towne Centre DrIve, Suite 110 • 
= San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 • = 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

[}Ol('t S'tt<~ 
J L,':, \' .,i' \" ,,' , ' 

Hourly Mac &-IBM Rentals A . Latest Software 
~ Laser Print Output 

•••••••••• 
Quality Copies ~ 
• Fulllir Self Serve ~ 

•

Transparandes 
•••••••••• 
Report Binding 

Extended Student Hours 

10% Discount 
off all ca • ....r 

products iii services to aU 
UCSD Student iii flculty 

<wi'" LD.) 

! \' \ I I I( (\' )4 Ill" 
"'\\'''1 11 ,,\1,'\1, ~...,(II,')q') 

, • ., ." . " II J • I I ~ T l 1r 

l\. I 't,,, \1. II '" il U,'l,)() 
I I ", I • \ ( I 

~-----------------, IUCSD SPECIAL SAVINGS, 

! 20% OFf=.! L _______________ ~_~ 
Sid. WOb™ 

Eggroll (1) ...................... ..... $1 .25 Wonton SOUp ., ............. , .... .. . $2.5O 
Spicy Wing$ ....................... $1 .95 Hoi & Sour Soup .................. $2.50 

ChincseChicken SoIod .......... $3.95 
Wokl .. AlOft.™ 

forlune Cookie ond Sleamed Rice fREE with tNery order. 
eIIlele •• 

We U$8 only on while meal Chicken 
Breast in olr our Chidcen Entrees 
• Chicken Chow Main ........ $5.75 

with cri$f)Y fried noodles 
• Chicken Lo Main ........... ,, ' $5.75 

with soft noodles & vegetables 
• i-ioGoo Goi Pan .......... ,, $5.75 

A light zesly sauce 
• Sweet & Sour StirfTy Chicken . $6.95 

'Hol & Spicy Chicken ...... $6.95 
• Szechuan SI):Ie 

CaJ- ChiCken ..... .. ..... ,. $7.25 
'Kung Poo Chicken ..... ".,. $7.25 

• Chicken Fried Rice ........ . " $5.95 
Pork 

• pork Chow Main .. .. ........ , $6.75 
with cri $f)Y fried noodles 

• pork Lo Main ................... $6.75 
with soft noodles & vegetables 

• Sweet & Sour Slirfry Poo ... " $6.95 
• Pork Fried Rice ....... " ....... $5.95 

SIIrI.p 
• Shrimp Chow Main ...... . ".$7.75 

with cri$py fried noodles 
• Shrimp Lo Main ... ... .... . " .. $7.75 

with sOft noodles & vegetables 
• Hot & Spicy Slvimp ........ " .. $7.95 

szechuOn SIyIe 

()pen 7 days, 11 am·10 ~ 
3211 HoI'tday Court, la JOIa 
(til 

'Kung Poo Shrimp ............... $7.95 
Shrimp Fried Rice .............. $6.95 

.... 
• Beef Chow Mein ..... ......... $6.75 

with cri$PY fried noodles 
• Beef lo Mein ......... " ........ $6.75 

with $01t noodles & vegetables 
• Hoi & Spicy Beef ............ ... $7,25 

Szechuon $tyie 
• Pepper Steak ." .............. ,, $7.95 
• Beef & Broccoli ....... ...... ... $7.95 
• Beef Fried Rice ...... " ........ $5.95 

V ......... DI.h •• 
• Orienlol Veggie Sizzle ..... 15.95 
• Veggie Fried Rice ......... ... $3.95 

All en_, can be prepcrocJ vegeIarion .• ty/e, 
Tradltlona. 'norlte. 

Sweet & Sour pork ............... $6.95 
Sweet & Sour Chicken ...... .. .. $6,95 

.0r"""III! 
Ninja Nuggets .................. " $1 ,99 

5 Chicken Nuggets on rice, with 
crispy fried noOdles 
·Woking on Firen! (SPICYI) 
All[ uour OUI Day 

CO.IOD .... 
"WokingT~ 

for 2 01' 4 PeoPIeI 

457·1000 
• 



'-

" 

1 .. SPORTS 

M.SOCCER 
Coi ... utd ......... 18 
Lutheran, the Tritons made a mis-
take early and allowed UWO to take 
a 1-0 lead duee minutes into the 
game. Senior mid fielder Mike 
I..odoen tried to pass back to goalie 
Michael Madden, but it died on the 
turf and was picked up by Titan 
forward Jason Cottone, who beat 
Madden and then tapped home 
UWO's fim goal. 

Chris Romey broke through for 
UCSD 30 minutes later by follow-
ing up a wild heador by Mike 
Gerhardt with a headerMhisown to 
make the score I-I. That was all 
UCSD needed to get going. Head 
Coach Derek Annstrong pushed 
everyone forward. 

A minute later, Gerhardt 
slammed a pass from Mike Alberts 
into the net. The play had been trig-
gered by a throw-in from Romey. 
Within a span of 60 seconds, the 
Tritons had come from behind to 
take the lead. 

At the half, despite the lead, 
Arm tronghadcomplaints. "Wecan 
take these guys without fighting 
them," he said. "Square off on them, 
dare them to dribble, and let's see 
whal they can do." 

Apparently, Romey didn't hear 
his advice. Just 45 seconds into the 
half, he took down Greg Henschel 
with a vicious slide tackle that made 
the lap of skin hining skin echo 
across the field. UWO Head Coach 
Toby Bares was furious, screaming 
"Thai's di gusting:' to anyone who 

w. V-BALL 
ContInued from .... 16 
sive sets again t Cortland State, the 
Triton threw everything at Stony 
Brook. Apparently, it paid off: 
"Stony Brook was completely con-
fused," Dannevik said. 

Liz Vesanovic led the Tritons 
with 15 kills and 20 digs against the 
Patriots. Vikki VanDuyne added 
16 kills and eight digs. Julie Fabian 
had a great match with 53 assists 
and II digs. Middle blockers 
Heather Holtzclaw and Elizabeth 
Tan each pitched in 9 kills along 
with seven and six digs, respec-
tively. 

Overall, Oannevik was very 
happy with the Tritons' play. "We 
played really well .. . We're playing 

The UCSD Gaardim 

Brian Bradbury notched the fifth penalty kick In Saturday's shootout with 
Wisconsin-Oshkosh to break a 4-4 tie and give the Tritons the victory. 

would listen. 
UWO midfielder Mark 

Pawly hyn, the Titans' leading 
scorer, evened things up early in the 
half by blasting a shot right through 
the middle of the net. Madden didn ' t 
move an inch, because he was 
screened out of the play by a full-

the best ball we've played all year," 
he said. "Our anitude is fantastic." 

Dannevik also noted that 
UCSO's passing was a key in the 
victory. 

The Tritons domiOaled the re-
gional to the point that fi ve ofthe six 
top vote-getters fortheAII-Regional 
team were from UCSD. Elizabeth 
Tan led the way followed by Julie 
Fabian, Dana Simone, Vikki Van 
Duyne and Heather Holtzclaw. 

But one team can only have three 
players on the All-Regional squad. 
The result is that VanDuyne and 
Holtzclaw could not make the team, 
and, by some quirky NCAA rule, if 
a player doesn't make the Ali-Re-
gional team, she's not eligible for 
All-American honors. 

According to Dannevik, the Tri-

back. 
But again, the Tritons rallied. 

Alberts put UCSO back on top 3-2 
after another long throw-in by 
Romey. The Titans, showing amaz-
ing resilience, managed to tie the 
score once again, this time with six 

See M. SOCCER, page 11 

tons had trouble with the traveling, 
and staying focused on the regionals, 
rather than looking ahead to the 
finals. "Mentally, we weren't up to 
doing it," he said. "I had to keep 
them focused." 

He also noted. however, that the 
Tritons can't let decisions that they 
have no control over bother them. 
"We can't control when and where 
we play, we can only control how 
we play," Dannevik said. 

One of the difficulties in keeping 
UCSO focused on the Regionals 
stemmed from the place where the 
final four is going to be held -
WashingtonUniversityinSLLouis, 
the site of the final four last year. 

Dannevik said thal the decision 
to hold the final four at Washington 

See W. V~, Page 11 

Monday, NcMmbcr 18, 1991 

Botti Cross Country Teams 
Qualify for National Meet 
By ......... 
Senior Sta" Wrlrer 

It wasn't quite home sweet home, 
but the UCSD men's and women's 
cross country teams bach emerged 
from Salurday's NCAA Division 
ill cross country West Regional 
headed for the NCAA Division m 
narionaI championships. 

Although UCSD hosted the 
event, home-fteld advantase can't 
really be taken as a reason for the 
success of the two sqUIKIs. The races 
werm't held at UCSD, but took 
place insteadat the Rancho Santa Fe 
Polo Oub. 1be race had to be moved 
to the unfamiliar venue because 
UCSO's home course isn't wide 
enough to satisfy NCAA regula-
tions. 

The Triton women, ranked No. 
17 in theMtion going intotheevenl, 
earned their national berth by 
squeaking past second-place 
Pomona-Pitzer by four points. Oc-
cidental,the victim ofa lack of team 
depth. finished third despite placing 
two runners in the top duee. 

UCSD placed three runners 
among the top 10 finishers. Viviana 
Reza (19:24), Erin Adams (19:33), 
and Karen Hinkle (19:36) finished 
fourth, fifth and sixth, respectively. 
Other Triton finishers included 
Tracy Cole (12th. 20:(6), Katie 
Jamieson (18th, 20:23) and Karen 
Longyear (19th, 20:27). 

Becky Kopchik of Occidental 
won the race in a time of 18:29. 
Teammate Arcelia Gomez finished 
third in a time of 19:OS, 18 seconds 
back of runner-up Kelly Redfield of 
Pomona-Pitzer. 

The speed and experience of 
Occidental's men's squad prevented 
a Triton sweep of the evenL Five of 
Oxy's top six runners return from 
the 1990 squad, a group thal fin-
ished fifth at last year's national 
championships. The speedy Tigers 
placed three of their runners among 
the top five ftnishers in the event. 

The Triton men managed to fin-
ish a clear second, 22 points behind 
Oxy and 35 points ahead of third-
place Redlands. The second-place 
finish was good enough to propel 
the Tritons into nationals. The top 
two men's teams at regionals are 

c...~~ 
Stelle Fenster placed 12th In the 
NCAA DIvIsion III West Regional. 

allowed to move on to national c0m-
petition. 

Earlier this week, Head Coach 
Mark Stanforth speculated that the 
Tritons could upset Oxy if the Ti-
gers' fifth runner had an off-day. 
But while Oxy's Doug Wright fin-
ished 20th, behind the top five Tri-
tons. his finish was good enough not 
to hurt the Tigers. 

The Triton men were led by a 
seventh-placeftnish by Sam Gwynn 
(26:02). He was followed by Fusswn 
Keflezighi (9th, 26: 19), Steve 
Fenster (12th, 26:29), Matt Ringer 
( 18th, 27:00) and Mark Y uen (19th, 
27:09). 

Jonz Norine of Cal Lutheran led 
the field with a time of 25: 12. But 
the Kingsmen didn't field enough 
runners to qualify as a team. Jose 
Garcia led Occidental with a sec-
ond-place finish (fim among run-
ners that qualified for team results) 
with a time of 25:30. 

Fenster and Ringer, both veter-
ans who competed in last year's 
naliona1s, were last-minute additions 
to the Triton squad. BodJ were added 
after strong finishes al the Califor-
nia Collegiate Athletic Association 
meet in late October. 

BodJ the men's and women's 
squads wiD travel to Newpon News, 
Virginia this weekend to run in the 
NCAA Division m national meet. 

0\\ ~,,::gay ~hings com.t!~~d"'P"ff you Just call'. 
your dry cleaning. Pickup live .... , .... " 
groceries. Do your banking. Your "'J ~~ Q 
dieting. Your art framing , And 1._., 
never move your car. ...~ 

If you're hungry for an all-you-
can-eat treat, come to the Soup 
Exc ....... Pick MeDo ...... •• with 
plilyland to keep everyone in th~ 
family happy. To satisfy your 
craving for iI good book, s hop 
Iook,'.r. Looking for a good 
buy? TIl. Me .. ·1 W .. rho." will 
~llit you fine. And all the wmforts 
of home, are waiting at PI.r 1 

COSTA VERDE 
I.,ortl. ' 

For all those everyday things 
that usuc1lly take 10 trips, take a 
shortcut inste.1d . E.1sier Jiving is 
right around the cornl'r. 

At Costa Verde. 
Corner of Cent.osee & 
La JUl1.1 Village Drive. 
458-9270 

Big Bear • Bookslar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specially shops, service!> & restaurants 

Monday, November 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 15 

I. 

DISABLED STUDENT UNION & CYCLIST SHAWN 
STINGLEY 

Asking for people to sponsor my bike ride. San Luis Obsipo to San 
Diego. 300 miles in 24 hours. We will set up on the Price Center 
walkway, by the fountain. 
Taking donations: November 18 - 22, 11:00 - 2:00 pm. 
Bike ride : November 23 - 24 
People will make donations by filling out pledge slips. All proceeds 
raised will go to Disabled Student Union. 

A's. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Floor 

A's. FILM SERIES 
THE ROCKETEER 
Thursday, November 21 
6:30, 9:00, II :30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Tickets are $1.00 and available at the Box Office 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
CWD Film Series· 1991 
NEIGHBORS: US AND MEXICO 
Friday, November 22,7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREE! 

A's, STUDENT ADVOCATE 
The A.S. Student Advocate office needs volunteers interested in gaining experi -
ence in pre-law work while representing fellow students rights! Applicalions for 
assistant student advocate and issue coordinators are available on the 3rd floor of 
the Price Center, in Alma Hope's office. 

Applications due date : November 22. Don't delay! Call 534-4450 for more 
information. 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, November 20, 6:30 - 8:00 pm 
Price Center - Santa Bafbara Room 
Pl~ join the fun!! 

ASSOCIATED'STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
oDon't wait untiJ graduation to get the work experience and job training you need! 
oApply early for internships in San Diego, Statewide, and nationwide! 
oEarly deadlines for summer internships ill California: 

·LA Times - December I 
·Sacrameoto Bee -December 13 
·San Jose MercyI)' News - December I 

oFor more infonnation, come to our office at the Price Center, 3rd Floor, Room 
3.303. Open Mon.-Fri_, 9 am - 4 pm. Or call, 534-4689. 

THIRD COLLEGE STUDENT COUNCIL 
MEETING 
Every Monday, 7:30 pm 
Third College Administration Building 
All Third Students are encouraged to attend and voice their opinions. 

AMERICAN SOCIETY OF CIVIL ENGINEERS 
Conc:retc CaDoc Committee Meeting 
Wcdnelday, November 20, 5:00 pm 
PC Berkeley Room 
Join us .. we discUIS plans for the construction of our concrete canoe for this 
Iprina ASCE conference. 

T winR,le T winR,{e £itt{e Star 
j{ow I Wonder Where :You .9Lre 

applications for 

ELECTIONS MANAGER 
and 

ueB REPRESENTATIVE 
are now available at 

A.S. RECEPTIONIST OFFICE, 
3RD FLOOR PRICE CENTER 

due on 
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 3:00 PM 

STUDENT ENVIRONMENT ACTION COALITION 
Introductory meeting for people interested in getting involved in the group. 
Wednesday, November 20, 7:00 pm 
Peterson Hall Room 103 

PRE-MED CLUB MEETING 
Wednesday, November 20.5:00 pm 
Price Center Gallery A 
Speakers from Kaplan on the new MCAT 

PRO·CHOICE PANEL DISCUSSION 
COME AND LEARN ABOUT: 
o reproductive technologies 
o available alternative 
• Pro-choice and Anti-Choice Laws 
and much more! 
Thursday, November 21, 6:00 pm 
The Cove 

UCSD TRITON YEARBOOK 
Take a lick with Triton Yearbook at our First Penguin's Night 
Monday, November 18,7:00 - 10:00 pm 
See you there! 

Reserve your copy of the 1991-92 Triton Yearbook 
Wednesday, November 20 and Thursday, November 21 from 11:00 - 2:00 pm 
Price Center 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Season's Greetings! The holidays are here once again. Make them, 

memorable for neglected children by panicipating in the Share Bear Project 
(formerly Angel Tree). Simply pick up an ornament from a holiday tree in 
Bull's Eye Tavern (Round Table Pizza), Residential Life Offices at Third and 
Warren, Why Not Here? in Revelle and at M.O.M. in Muir. Buy one of the gifts that 
is requested on the ornament, retun! it to the same location and you will have 
fulfilled the wish of a neglected or abused child in San Diego Share Bear Project 
starts November 18 and ends December 6. Thanks for carin,!! 

If you're looking for a way to get involved on campus, the Volunteer 
ConllCClion has a spot for you. We're recruiting iludent contacts to work in our 
office and help people find volunteer opportunities. Get involved at the ground 
level! Call 534-1414 or come by our office on the 3rd floor of the Price Center 
IIId pick up an application. 

A.S.K. applicationl are now available at the Volunteer Connection office. 



," 

16SPOIlTS 

this Memory's Not 
Worth Three Bucks 
S OME I'EOPL£ JUST OON'T learn when enough is enough. 'There's a guy I 
know who wore this one ridicu-
lous T-shirt for years. long after il 
should have been consigned to the 
du t bin of hi tory. When we 
made fun of Ihis ugly brown shirt 
with lhe word Wyoming written 
across it in evil script letters, he 
aclually burned the shirt when he 
g01 home from schoollhat day. 

BUI he wouldn't ever bum -
or stop wearing - his faded 
Oakland Invaders shin. 

You remember the USFL, 
don't you? 'The league - valued 
by a jury as being worth approxi-
mately $3 - that tried to take on 
the NFL and failed miserably, 
mostly due to the fact that the 
NFL is a monopoly. 

I cenainly remember the 
USFL, and not because my pal 
Jerry used to wear that faded 
lnvaders hilt. A friend of mine 
called me a couple of months ago 
and told me that he had the 
ultimate pons trivia question: 
name all 16 USFL teams. 

Are you kidding? I figured I 
couldn'l name four of them, let 
alone 16. I understand that the 
human mind is an anlaZing thing, 
but there's got to be a limit to the 
amount of stupid tuff it can 
remember. As my friends williell 
you. I've got so much stupid stuff 
in my mind that I must be pushing 
my limit. I'm the guy who 
remembers the theme to Hello, 
Larry. You know, the show 
Mclean Stevenson did after 
leaving M*A*S*H. 

I named 12 of them, 

W flY DO I remember these IUpid sports facts? Surely 
it isn't worth it to store the $3 
league in my brolin, right next to 
the factlhat Gene Rayburn ho led 
Match Game - '79. 

But I'm nOI the only one who 
remembers the US FL. As you 
probably know, the BJ.'s Spons 
Trivia Quiz appears in the 
Guardian every week. And thi 
quaner, there's been a USFL 
question in jusl about every quiz. 

People kllOw the allswers. 
You know who you are. You 

are the ones whose memories go 
past the Invaders, past the New 
Jersey Generals (owned by the $3 
tycoon, Donald Trump), past 
Steve Young's LA. Express. 

YOU'RE TIlE people who know the Philadelphia Stars. You 
know the Michigan Panthers, 
Denver Gold (or was thai an 
NASL leam?), Memphis Show-
boalS (how could anyone forget a 
name like thaI?), the Bo ton/New 
Orleans/Portland Breakers and the 
teams not even I , master of the 
inconsequential. can remember. 

So don't complain when 
you're studying for fmals. lf you 
can remember the USfl., you can 
remember anything. 

SPORTS 
The UCSD G..rdian Mooday, NOftDlbCl' 18, 1991 

in the West 
4-1 Victory Over MacMurray Sends UCSD to Final Four 

.... ' • ..acer. 
Tritons sparked to 
victory by Saturday's 
penalty kick win over 
UWO after 44 tie 
By Andy a.yton 
SenIor Stsff Writer 

It wasooeoflhosetimes when 
the sideshow was more exciting 
than the main event 

Sure, the UCSD men's soc-
cer team blew out MacMurray 
4-1 Sunday afternoon toadvance 
10 the NCAA Division III meo's 
soccer final four where it will 

... liD: Bobby Cheung 
took one for the team, but 
MacMurray struggled with 
just 10 players ..... 9. 

face No. I Ohio Wesleyan. But 
the real challenge was on Satur-
day afternoon, when UCSD 
downed Wisconsin-Oshkosh 4-
4 in penalty kicks. 

UWO proved that there is 
more to Oshkosh than fashion-
able kids' clothes. The Titans 
battled UCSO all the way, hold-
ing and losing the lead several 
times. 

• Jarret Stevenson's header allowed UCSD to get a penalty kick against MacMurray Sunday afternoon. 

Following the example set in 
the first round against Cal 

See M. SOCCER. Page 14 

Bomb Falls on Title llopes 
• Women'. eocc:er: Ithaca 
Bombers limit Tritons to five 
shots and down UCSD 1-0 

the Bombers: anack. anack.anack. BUI when 
the dust cleared Saturday afternoon, it was 
Ithaca that had been on the offensive, as it 
ended UCSO's title hopes with a 1-0 victory 
in Plymouth, New Hampshire. By area Wrenn 

StsffWriter 
Something fuMY happened on the way to 

the women's soccer national championship. 
UCSD entered the tournament with a relent-
less offense and a stifling defense that had 
enabled them to score 65 times in just 18 
games. The Tritons' opponent in Saturday's 
NCAA Division III women's soccer semifi-
nal match, Ithaca. had only 40 goals in 22 

In Saturday's other semifinal. No. 14 
Rochester upset host and second-ranked P1y-
mouth Stale, also by a 1-0 count. Shalgh 
Murdock SC<nd the wiMing goal for Roch-
ester, lapping in a cross from Leah Perkins 
from 15yarclsout Both Murdock and Perkins 
entered the pme as reserves. 

Yesterday afternoon, Ithaca downed 
Rochester 2-0 10 capture its second c0nsecu-
tive national championship. Jenelle Welling made nine saves. but Ithaca games. 

goalie Beth Howland didn't have to make any. 'The Tritons' strategy was simple against See W. SOCCER. Page 9 

UCSD Retums to the Final Four 
• Vesanovic keys women's volleyball's three-game 
victory over Stony Brook in Northeast regional final 
By Chris Repler only one game - not a match. only 
Associate Sports Editor a game - to Division ill oppo-

Inspired by the disappointment nents. 1llat came in the very first 
of not hosting an NCAA Division match of the season aginst Menlo 
m regional, the UCSD women's College. All totaled. the Tritons are 
volleyball tearn came back with a 45-1 in games. 
vengance, winning the Northeast The Tritons received a bye in the 
regional this weekend in Rochesler, first round due to their number one 
New York.. secding.1n the second round, UCSD 

'TheTritonsdisplayedtherypeof downed ConIand State 15-7. 15-7, 
domination that they've shown alI 15-13. With a J(klay layoff before 
year, winning both of their maIChes its match against the Red Draaons. 
in three straight plIeS. UCSDwasnotatitsbesLSlilI,Head 

On the year, UCSO has dropped Coach Doug Dllnnevik w.s pIcwed 

with the outcome. "We were a little 
tight against Cor1land ••. but it was 
the perfect match for us," he said 

'The march with Conland St. put 
the Tritons into a groove for their 
third-round clash with Stony Brook. 
The Patriots, who Dannevik called 
"as good as anyone on the West 
Coast," upset host Rochester Insti-
tuteofTechnology to reach the final 
against UCSD. 

UCSD disposed of the 13th-
seeded Stony Brook 15-10, 15-2. 
I 5-9 toeam a benb in the .... four. 

AfIao pIayina a relalively coo- ..... fabian had 53 .... In the 
servaaive pme in Iem1S ~ oIfeo.. ,..". ftnIt ...... Stony Bruok 

See W. MALL, PIlI 14 ...... tofJ AICIDne.n. 



1 SPBCI'ACLE 

Thepal'king 
gestapo should be 
armed so they can 
execute all violators 
on site. 

Erin Rodieck, 
Revelle 

Senior, Art 
History 

Tbc UCSD GuardiaD N~18,1991 

1 dunno, if they 
crack down hard 
enough they might 
needtoparlcin 
those spaces. 
Lianna McSwain, 

Revelle 
Senior, Political 

Arena 
How do ,ou feel about the crackdown 

on people who il1eplly park in handicapped ~? 
Photopapher: Alex KIyusner 

Scleoce 1 didn't know there 
was one.l think it's 
good though. On 
the other hand, 
there aren't very 
many handicapped 
people who drive 
to schoo~ and 
seeing how parking sucks, a few more 
srudent spots would be OK. 

Alex Yi. Third 
J wUor. Biology 

Let's save us all the 
trouble ri going to 
the parking scum 
office to pay tickets 
and just elimintate 
parking entiT6y on 
campus. What this 

campus needs is I1"\Ofe construction, not 
parking. 

Laun Stone. Warren 
Junior, Chemistry 

1 feel that this is a 
good idea in 
raponx to people 
wbo have no 
consideration for 
those who are 
handicapped. Thoee spaces are there for 
a reason, to make it easier for 
handicapped people to get around, not 
those who need to get to class real fust! 

Allison Donahoe, Muir 
Sophomore, Psychology 

r---- ----, 
I 
I 

fREE 
DINNER 
~ you purchase one 01 equal or 
greaterllalue (up to 510.95 lIalue) 

Not lIaild Friday. Saturday &. 
holIdays. Utp. 12/1/91 

ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT 
BUmTLUNCH 

$6.95 
Everyday with coupon 

through 12/1 /91. 
It.egularty 57.95 

Open 7 days lunch &.. dinner 
8008 Girard Avenue, La Jolla' 454-6263 

(ZncI floor comer of lower Girard &. Prospect St.) UCID 
L ____________________ ~ 

Now's the right time to roy an Apple~ Macintosh~ canputer sys-
tem. Recanse right now you can save big on Apple's most popuJar 
COOlJllters and qualifying printers. And Macintosh is the right can-
JUer to help you achieve your best, throughout college aOO beyald. 

I II K::-.I I 
" 1. ,~ I" ~ , 

-UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 
OPEN: MON - FRI BAM - &PM AND SAT 10AM· IPM 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• You Can Sleep Thru It All 
• $50 UCSD Student Discount· 
• Close to Campus with Free Parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 
• With ItudonIID 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN. DDS CAL l Diplomate. American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459-5565 
470 Nautilus Street. Suite 212, La Jolla 

-mw. 

What's more, you may even qualify for the In' Apple Qmputer 
Loan, which makes buying a MacintnVl mw even easier. 

So ame iorightnow aIKlchedc rut the big savings on Macintosh.. 
But hurty- these special savings last ooly 1hrwgh Janumy 5. 1992. 

• morula" exira •• monitor IIId keytx.d exn 
~the~~~~m~~~~~ 

Novaubcr 18,1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECfACLE3 

T binking of Disabled Student Services (DSS), the mind conjures up images 
of a baltaIion of modified golf carts 
descending upon our topographical 
nightmare of a campus in search of some 
SlUdent who needs to be in Warren Lecture 
Hall in three-and-a-half minutes. 

Care Extraordinaire 
While this is one function of DSS, it is 

only one of many. The majority of the 
DSS's wodrJs done behind the scenes, 
where most students never notice it. But for 
those students who have physical or 
learning disabilities, DSS is vital in 
accessing the campus community. 

DSS gets around 
BY JEff T. LARSEN . CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

"DSS's primary goo is to provide 
academic support service specific to the 
student's disability," said DSS director 
Rabena Gimblett. "In some cases this 
requires adaptation, and/or accorrunodation 
provided through a Liaison between the DSS 
staff and the campus community at large." 

Services include the loaning of equip-
ment, including wheelchairs and talking 
calculators. transportation, such as the carts, 
the hiring of readers, interpreters, lab and 
library assistants and notetakers. 

DSS enjoys a close working relationship 
with the Disabled Student Union (DSU) 
and is apprised of their activities and 
functions. Several members of DSU also 
work for DSS. 

"I employ somebody from DSS to type 
my papers for me because my left hand 
fingers don't wotk," said Russ Allen. 
president of DSU. "I'm an employee of the 
DSS as a notetaker. 

"To my knowledge, they're doing their 
job. H disabled students were having 
problems, I think that I would know about 
it ... DSS has done very well by me. As 
much accommodation is made as possible." 

Over 400 students with lemporary and 

permanent disabilities are currenlly 
regi tered with DSS. However, according 
to Gimblen, "There are probably many 
more students with hidden disabilities who 
have elected not to ask for services. If they 
don 'I disclose Ihis, we can't help them. 

"In some cases, if a student believes that 
they can fully access the campu without 
our services, then I applaud them. The 
DSS's goal is not to promote dependence, 
but 10 encourage student development and 
independence through campus acee s," he 
said 

"I get all of my tutors out of DSS," said 
Fred Chambers, a Third College senior who 
has a speech impediment. ''They hire and 
pay for all my tutors all year long. I guess I 
could do that on my own, but if I had to, [ 
wouldn't be able to go to school full-time." 

"I really haven't used any of the DSS 
services because I haven't needed any of 
them," said Ian Griffin, a Muir junior who 
uses a wheelchair. "I don't have any special 
needs that they could accommodate." 

Few permanently disabled students, such 
as those in wheelchairs, take advantage of 
the DSS 's carts. "Most of them have 
become adjusted to getting around campus 
on their own - they don't have 10 depend 
on anyone else," Allen said. '''The cans are 

DOZEN 
CARNATIONS 

wilhpurchase ofSl0or more. NO( v~lid with any exher otTer. Exp. 1212191. 

Flowe~s 
& C\ifts 

Costa Verde Center 
near Soup Excbange 

8750 Genesee Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

used more by people with lemporary ~ 
disabilities, such as broken legs." 

-."" .. 

What does the future hold for the 
DSS? Gimbleu points 10 rising enroll- ." \I~;;~~rs=~ 
ment figures: "Since the student enroll-
ment is increa iog. lhe need for addio 
tional pace and equipment is also .. 
increasing." DSS ' funds come f~1Jl the 
Slate and the UC, both of which are 
wallowing in the current recession. 
Therefore, extra funding won't nece sar-
By be in store. • 

Furthermore, some ofthe campus' s 
facilities are inaccessible to disabled 
students. Allen aid, "[t i improving. 
[With electric doors] you push a bUllon • 
and the door opens. Some of these have 
been put on campus. but a lot more need 
to be put in. There are key place Ihat are 
inaccessible or have barriers to access." 

"r serve as a consultant to the archilects 
and the planners in working towards a 
barrier-free campus," said Gimblen. 

"We're funded to serve students with 
part-time and permanent disabilities," she 
continued. "Disabled students are entitled to 
our services. That's a basic right.lf a 
student has good elf-advocacy skills, a 
high level of determination, and a positive 
attirude, I think anything is possible." 

• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 

Miano MUf,ollGuatrJian 
Page headers by Mel MNceloiGuatrJian 

• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 

_ ... _., , • Gourmet Coffee 
~----------~'~~ ' j 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 
Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain food, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 Days a Week· 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Hair Coloring a 
Perms From 

283 Third Aile. 
~25-CUTS 

OCEAN BEACH: 
Aztec Center. lower lell8l d882 Newport AIle. 
582-CUTS 222-3777 
PACIFIC BEACH: HILLCREST: 
lM7 Garnet Ave. 
273·CUTS 

d09 Uniliersity Ave 
291-CUTS 

liE Q.n> ram HAm . .. ~ 
!for ram PeeKEr. 



November 18, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLES 

Biker Shawn Stingley uses one set 
of wheels to help another 

Chivalry is nOI dead, but it sometimes comes in small package . Take, for e~ample, the 5' I", 130 lb. package 
named Shawn Stingley. 

Stingley, a June 1991 UCSD graduate, 
decided that he needed to get out of a rut -
that he needed to help out. That's why, for the 

• The route of StlreJey's 
-triple century" bike ride 
down the coast of California. 

BY BRETT RHYNE, SPECTAClE EDITOR 

lasl several months, he's been planning the 
"Triple Century Bike Ride for UCSD's 
Disabled Students." 

The event will be a 300 mile bicycle ride 
from San Luis Obispo to San Diego, to be 
held the weekend of Nov. 23 and 24. What 
makes it notewonhy is that it will be accom-

plished in a 24 hour period - he plam to 
leave at 9:00 a.m. Saturday and arrive at 
9:00 a.m. Sunday. 

What also makes it noteworthy is that 
he is doing it for the disabled students of 
UCSD. As a fundraiser for the Disabled 
Student Union (DSU), Stingley expects 
the proceeds to be used 10 help buy 
special equipment for the disabled. which 
may include a specially-adapled oomputer 
for the visually impaired and a fortress 
(three-wheeled) wheelchair. 

Stingley first started 10 cycle seriously 
about five years ago. Pan of the appeal 81 the 
time, he says, was the sense of freedom he 
got from it - the sheer joy of riding, the 
view, the panorama, the fresh air, all 
ofwruchmaketheriilingvalwili~ 
despite the fatigue thal accompa-
nies long rides. 

water polo team," he says. "A couple of years 
back they played in a 24-hour water polo 
game at the Natatorium. I think it ended up 
being over 26 hours - it made the Guinness 
Book of World Records. 

"It was time 10 do something with my life 
- to accomplish something," he says. "The 
bike rides are nice and all that, but it's just 
kind of self-gratifying. I wanted to do 
something that had a linIe more impact on 
people instead of just myself." 

His ideas for a fund-raising bike ride began 
to reassert themselves during the swnmer, 
while he was riding the 700 miles from 
Vancouver 10 Calgary. Although not consid-
ered disabled himself, Stingley found himself 
with a strong desire to suppon the DSU. 

"I have pretty bad asduna. I've had it since 
I was a linIe kid, " Stingley explains. ". was 
not ab~ 10 participate in sports. Even going 
out and playing with the other kids was a 

" 

how I lived my life," he says. ". would make 
excuses like 'I can't do this or that because I 
have asthma. ' When I got older I decided not 
to let it push me arot.a1d any more." 

This history of asthma makes it very easy 
for Stinpy to identify with disabled students. 
Stingley fceIs that advaras in medicine, 
wbic;h have alleviated the suffering of people 
who have asduna and od1cr disabilities, have 
been like a gift 10 him. He believes the bike 
ride wiD enab~ him 10 give something bid. 

"Now that my asthma is more under 
control and I'm ab~ to deal with it better, I'm 

always trying to find somethin8 physical to 
challenge myself. There have been two 

suwessfu) bike rides that I've been on -
three of them actually - one, 
Vancouver 10 San Diego, Vancouver 

"In summer of '86 I rode 
from Vancouver to San Diego 
- that was my first major 
ride," Stingley says. "It was 
Expo '86 up in Vancouver 
and I decided I wanted to ride 

It was time to do somethif'1 with my life - to to Calgary and then two sununers ago I weill from San Francisco 
down to San Diego." accomplish somethflg. I wanted to do some-

thilg that had a little more impact on people The bike ride is the main focus 
of Stingley's life. He trains for up 
to eight hours a day and has 
reduced his already part-time work 
schedule to two days per week. 

my bike back down the coast. 
My parents went up in a camper 
and we went to Expo. I left two 
days before they did - I dido't 
want to get into trus and then be 
stuck a thousand miles from home." 

That trip took 19 riding days, which 
means Stingley avemged 83 miles perday. 
The ride appealed to rum as a personal 
challenge, making him wonder how far he 
could push himself. He still trunks about 
setting personal goals for endurance. 

"I trunk I originally got the idea as far 
as a marathon bike ride from the men's 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

I ~ IIII·\ 
FAOGEN YOZURT, 

.~ ~ &Steve s "._", : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE YOGURT 
or ICECREAM 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser Value 
for Free. 

Free FLYING 
DISC 

• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• MU'i1 pl~M'nt Ihls ~ 41 hftW of purcha.s,e • 

Otft!r 'HI~I t 10 re lion w"haul roflC-f' • 
D' ..... OUIlI'lo nul vdhd wltholner dl5C.OUllb • 
Pr coupon!!. M,})(~mum dlSCounl on any • 

• pun h,,>t', 5.l 00 loppogo. no, IIldud.>d • 

-r:"Mld nl,.lIC",tilV." de : (',ondOnl""t O'h,V~rd.> ~ 
••••• Expires I~I~I •••••••••• E.pires 1~1S'91 •••••• 

in the Costa Verde Shopping Center : 
8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego· 450-3044: 

D.reclly Across From University Towne Centre : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

(. 

instead of just myself, 

" SHAWN snNGLEY DSUBiker 

trial forme 
- I would always end up with an exercise-
induced asthma anack and have to watch from 
the sidelines. It was physically limiting. 

"As a kid I would let my asthma influence 

"I'm swimming from 6 to 7:30 
a.m. to strengthen my upper body, 

and then I ride about 4-5 hours a day," 
he says with a slight grin. "But I haven't 

been able to get to the pool recently as 
much as I would have liked. I'm not much of 

a morning person." 
This ride is unique in that all the riding will 

be done within a 24-hour period. Stingley 
hasn't detennined exactly how he's going 10 
arrange his rest breaks, but he trunks that he 
will probably go about 100 miles and then 

take an hour off or a couple hours off, and everyone was feeling pretty burned out. We 
then maybe every 50 miles after that take a liked the idea but we didn't have the energy to 
break. Overall. there should be about 20 hours put it together." 
of riding lime. In order to go 300 miles in 24 At the time, the DSU had recently finished 
hours, he'U have to avenae IS miles per hour putting on their own disability awareness 
with abouI four hours of restin& lime. week. which was in April. Allen explains that 

"Half the trip is going to be at niBbt and I although ~ w~ some peop~ at the events 
need a vehicle behind me in case I get into the turnout was somewhBl disappointing. 
trouble," Stingley says. Accordingly, his After the passage of the ADA (Americans 
parenls will be following him in a mobi~ with Disabilities Act) in July, it was decided 
home. " .. d like 10 start at Mono Bay and end that there would be a National Disability 
it on campus." Awareness Month in October. Disabled 

In addition, Stingley has been energetically Student Service (DSS), not 10 be confused 
pursuing sponsorship. Pizza Hut, where he with the DSU, wruch is a student organiza-
currepdy worts, is issuing a coupon for a me tion, has co-sponsored the last several DSU 
six-pack of Pepsi as an incentive for people to Awareness Weeks which have tradition-
pledge money. ally been held during the spring 

together - and as it tums out, it was. 
Awareness Week has always been in spring 
quarter in April. Now that it was switched to 
October, that means we had two awareness 
weeks in 1991. 

"It's supposed to be an annual event, but 
if we continue to have our own in April, first 
we won't get the funding and second, it'll 
then be every six months. We appreciate the 
adminis!rntive suppon, but essentially our 
event has been taken away. 

"Also, we had time to promote the event 

" 

over by Middle of Muir. Maybe 10 people 
were there, and half of them were doing 
their homework. At least we had most of 
our events at the Price Center, which is 
centml to the campus. 

"Next year 1 want to see DSU once 
again taking a leading role in the planning 
of Awareness Week. I mean, when rrv 
actress] Geri Jewell takes time out of her 
schedule to come and panicipale, and then 
speaks for an audience of 20 people at 
Mandeville theater in an event that was 
covered by Channel 8, somelhing' s wrong." 

Allen sees the bike ride as a way to 
make up for the low allendance and 

low panicipation of last month. 

Kinko's is also involved. Kinko's manager quarter. 
Luisa MWTBY has agreed 10 print 3,000 pledge - After the decision to make October You never know when you're going to get into a 

"We're trying to mise aware-
ness, to raise money, and get 
people involved at the same 

slips, which are being distributed throughout National Disability Awareness 
campus. The slips contain the Pizza Hut Month, the DS U was approached for 
coupon, infonnation about the bike ride and representation on the planning com-
pledge information. minee. 

Stingley will be helped by various athletic "I was pretty surprised." Allen 
teams and student organizations on campus. said. "I was out of town - in fact, 
He is working closely with the DSU in out of state - at the time all that was 
particular. DSU Vice President of Records happening. I got back into town and 
Julie Puzon has been generating the letters got a call from [UCSD Employment 
that are needed in requesting sponsorship and Rehabilitation Coordinator] BarTy Niman 
assistance. DSU President Russ Allen is also who asked me if DSU would co-sponsor 

car accident, or whether you'll end up with 
some kind of permanent disability some other 

wClj - and that goes for drunk high school 
students coming home from a party, or Richard 

Atkinson. You just never know, 

" RUSS ALlEN DSU President 

time. There are some issues 
oul there that need to be 
addressed by everyone, ' 
because they affect everyone. 
I speak from experience on 
this point - you never know 
when you're going to get into 

a car accident, or whether 
you'll end up with some kind of 

one of the main planners of the event. AIlen Awareness Week. I trunk now that the only 

pennanent disability some other 
way - and that goes for drunk 

high school students coming home 
from a party, or Richard Atkinson. remembers when Sting~ originally ap- reason DSU was asked to be involved was so 

proached the DSU with his fundraising plan. that administration could get some funding 
"I was treasurer last year, and I remember breaks based on the fact thal a student organiza-

meeting Shawn 3IOWld May," Allen recalls. lion was co-sponsoring the events." 
"The timing for the bike ride wasn't very Allen expressed disappointment in how 
good - it was near the end of the year, papers Awareness Week was attended and executed. 
were almost due, finals were coming up and "It seemed at the time like it was thrown 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
&- Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Co.ta Verde Blvd, • 587-4844 

~ 
WEAECYCLE 
0UfII WAfER 

4-UCSO 

II L. ".11. VIII.,. Dr. I. 
UTe 

I 
z.® J I ..... ur. I 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SIELL SU 2000 • DIESEL AT COIIPmnYE PRICES 
------------~----------: !til Full SIrvIce 3 99 : 

: G~~~~P!!!Aj!! ~ ... : 
I C~It WASH NIII ...... ..,~_. SAVESU1 : 
I ,..o..r..... I 
------------------------

better last 
year. This year, it was second week, when 
people were still buying books and standing 
in line at the registrar's office or the bursar's 
office. They had one event at the Muir Quad 

You just never know." 
To pledge money for the Triple Century 

Bike Ride, a mobile home will be at the 
Price Center walkway between the fountain 
and Student Health on Nov. 18-22, from J I 
a.m. to 2 p.m. 



, ' 

6SPECTACLB 

LJL:..SD 
(H" )(,)1-(' T CH·U 

The UCSD GuardJaa 

DEPoTECH 
Makes DepoFoamni 

A Sustained Release Drul Delivery System 
for Injectable, Inbalable, and Topical Applications. 

The First DepoFoam Product is in Clinical Trials at the UCSD Cancer Center. 
Exciting Future Products for Cancer, Artbritis, and Infectious Diseases 

are Now Being Developed. 

DEPoTECH IS HIRING 
Brilht, Friendly, Entbusiastic, Hardworking People with 

Bachelor's and Advanced Degrees in 
Chemistry, Biology, Biochemistry. or Cbemical Enlineering. 

Good Laboratory Skills (e.g. HPLC, Fluorometry) and Writing Ability Preferred. 

Please send us your resume, or meet us at the 
UCSD Technical Job Fair 10:30am - 2:30pm, Thursday, 11121/91 

Price Center Ballroom 

DepoTech Corporation 
4622 Santa Fe Street Sao Diego CA 92109 

DepoTech is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 

DepoPoam i. a Trademark of DepoTech Corp. 

lllcre 's nothing like Legcnd and 
Lady Legend! The most unique 

college rings ever designed-
only available from ArtCarved . 
111is popular professional look 

offers more ways 10 person-
alize your college ring. 

Don '\ delay- visit your 
ArtCarved represen-

tative during this 
special sales event 
to ~ Legend and 
the many other 
slyles available. 

FREE 

UCSD 

FLOWER 
BASKET 
DELIVERY* 
Plea" place order 24 hOUri in advance 
·$20 minimum purchaee 
·within 5 mile radius of campus 

as always, 10% OFF 

, UCSD BOOKSTORE 

when you visit the store 
with your UCSD ID 

-
we. Deliver 
World 
Wide! • 

..... l1li 8811 VIla ... JoIIII Dr. 
(in the Ralph's Center) 

=
2>=, ~=="':'=<E== GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 7106 OPEN: MON a FRI 9AM· 6PM AND SAT 10AM a 5PM 

Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm. 

Now:mbcr 18,1991 Tbc UCSD Guardian SPECfACLE7 

~ecessary~cconnodations 
understandable, because it's hard for an 
able-bodied person to know what accom-
modations, if any, are necessary and how 
much a person wants. Some disabled 
students don't want any help, while others 
may want an inordinate amount of assis-
tance. 

ESSAY BY TRACI POWELL , STAff WRITER 

P icture this. You have two minures to get to your midterm. Your class is right 
across the street, but there arc no curb cuts 

except for at the end of the block. so you 

have to go all the way around and come 
back. Then you fmally get to it and a 
delivery truck is parked in front of it, so you 
have to go to the next block. That makes 

fiddling with some equipment? 
Most people don't have to think about 

the extra details oflife that disabled 
students have to. They can take many 
things for granted that are porential 
obstacles to the disabled. For example, 
able-bodied students don't have to be 
concerned with stairs, curb cuts, how they 
will take tests, get noles, read handouts or 
hear lectures. 

Another interesting note about able-
bodied people, particularly our peers, is that 
they don 't ask about your disability until a 
while after they have known you. Someone 
may know you for years, and know many 
personal facts about you, but never know a 
thing about your disability. Perhaps they 
consider it a minor facet of your personal-
ity, or perhaps they are afraid to ask. 

you ten minutes late, 
and you miss a 
couple of questions 
because you don't 
have time to finish. 

What if you have 
to sit through a three 
hour lecture and you 
can't see what is on 
the board? You have 
to sit in the front. 
When you fall asleep 
in lecture, everyone 
looks at you, and 
they think, "Boy, that 
person is rude." You 
corne into class late, 
and the professor 
stops lecturing until 
you are sen led. You 
can't sneak out of 
class early without 
difficulty either. 

What if you're 
hearing impaired and 
you have to see the 
professor's face, but 
she turns her back to 
the clas and explains 
something while 

If you can't write fast or at all, or can 'I 
hear what to write down, you have to 
compensate by getting other people's nOles, 
or go without. Sometimes, you can't read 
their writing, or know what their personal-
ized code system is, so you can't under-
stand some of their notation. 

But you don't let situations like thi get 
you down, you just deal with them in the 
best ways you can. Many of these scenarios 
we have to deal with everyday, in addition 
to all the nonnal complication of school. 

People are peculiar around students with 
disabilities. Often they overcompensate. 
For instance, if you're in a wheelchair and 
you drop something, people appear from 
nowhere to assist you. Or, if you're pas ing 
fellow students on a walkway, they usually 
leap ten feet to either side to allow ample 
room for passing. 

Oftentime ,people speak very slowly 
and distinctly to make it easier for you to 
understand, regardles of your disability. 

Sometimes these overcompensat ions are 

Some people think disabled students are 
the luckiest people in the school because of 
the benefits they often receive. I've had 
people tell me they think I'm so fonunate 
because I'm allowed to take my tests in a 
room by myself with unlimited time. 
People say I'm lucky because I don't have 
to walk around campus. Some even ask for 
a ride on my scooter. What they don't 
realize is that these "benefit " are really 
necessary accommodations, and not 
luxuries. 

Students with disabilities are different, 
but then all people are different from one 
another and these differences should be 
appreciated. Everyone has a disability of 
some kind in varying degrees. Some are 
simply more obvious than others. 

"Only those who risk going too far can 
po sibly find out how far they can go:' This 
is a quote by T.S. Eliot that perhaps 
describes how students with disabilities are 
able to excel at UCSD. 

The "Sun" is always shining at 
Trim & Tan 

3251 Holiday Ct. #204 (near UCSO) 4515·~rJ9D9· 
2 TANS $1 One for you, one for a friend 

~~30 TAN DAYS $29 
~all for details· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a Uemporary water loss • Reduce cellui le and stretch marks 

The drive to be the best LA JOLLA BREWING COMPANY 
Ten years. tumds ci accolades and miDioos ci 
sale:; 00IIas _Ihc pcopc ofQa1lum still 
arm't SMisfied.. Bcame to us, being the besl 
means IJUC thm consistaIdy oJldoing the canpo-
tiIim will WI' iInMIIi¥e disk drive podICIS.lt's 
also III inDet:drive-me _~ US to 
aniDwIly tap our own personal besIs. 
1bIt kixI «drive is rapoosihIe fcrtbe iIdIsuy's 
fint drive 00 • a.d, !be firIt I" ~ 3-1/2" <ki\tc, 
IOdDOW. r.niJy«~ 2-112" drives. ADd 
10 00DIeCItb¥e quRI1« sales growth. 

Are you driven? 
We lIboaly the bCIt-1Dd we aaum the mor. 
Wec6t ......... O.I.~n ... beae&s 
..... MIl •• ..,mar waltenvirutiltit in 

h ~ 1--..11' ua.w- I"ae&..-.:.. og""'-r_b.~m .... ...-.~ .... -

If you wOOc smart, bald aOO fast-like us-
aOO are pursuing a degree in fngincering. we'd like 
10 rner:t yoo. 

EUgi'Wd big S ... dents 
o...c.np.. Imea riews 
Friday, Noftmberlbl 

See)'OUl' Career FhD'...", 
CeaB- for IDOI'e defIIs. 

If you oi&s us 00 NawmJcr 22nd, send)'tU 
ft:IUIIIC 10: C)IdJm CorponIIion, Ii.mMl Rac:uoes 
Dept..500~ BM1.MiJpIas, CA 9S035. 
",,-.. aplClppCl8llly~ Sun.·lhun. 

II Cllfta 12 ..... 
Fri.aS.. 
11 .... 2 ClIft 

MHey Red, is is the but beer 
and fish sandwich place in town.' 

.,I.'> 
• Lunch 
• DInner 
• Oyster BIr 
• 21/w aludlnt ID 

7536 FAY AVE. ~ CAll 456-BRE W 



S8 CALENDAR. 

.... ,....,.~ 
• 8 a.m .... :30 p.m. - Fr. 8 LIII. III 3 p.m. The 
__ L-.... ..... pnMdes ISSIsWa 10 
SIUdInIs ..... !111M IquIgt Is naI English nllII 
those doing work In ............ 5cJMisI1. Frend!. 
1lIrmIn. V..,... nllUsian. A diagnostic !lSI on 
_lin English as I sand IanguIge Is available on 
IIQUISl CalI : 534-2284lormort~.OIdSludn 
c.r.lluildino A. Room 21 •. 

M ... ' ..... Frib' 
• 8a.m .... :30 p.m. - The ....... CIIIIr is I"" seMc:e lor all UCSO studenIs. We oIIIr one to one 
_itilg conIerences lor IIfY type oIlIriting project -
academic JIll*$, persorIIIsla11ll1ll MIl stories nI 
pons. 011 SIIII 0I1rINI1IIdIrgrIduIIa .• come 
from I Vlliely 01 adImIc cbcipIines. CMl help ~ 
become I mort IIIIecIM wriIIr. Call 534-228410 _., 
appoioonenl or drop by our oIfice In .. Old SIudn 
CenIef. Building A. Room 21 •. EIrilg appoRmenIs 
also available. 
• SI.m ..... 30p.m.-leI_ .... • I I 
CIdIr help ~ !his qunr willi time ~ 
nOletaklng. midterm prellirllion. and tesl-taklng 
strieOles. Slop by YOlk Hall 4010 or call 534-734410 set 
up a personal appoinlmenl Also my on the Ioc*W lor 
those valuable OASIS Study Skills Workshops. 
• 8 a.m .... :30 p.m. - Come 10 the ............. 
WrIIIIIt ....., lor ISsistRe with your wriling 
projeCtS. We oller Individual nI group IUIoring. Stop by 
YOlk Hall 4070 oc call 534-734410 set up., appointment. 
. 9 I.m.-. p.m. - The ... 1 ............. 
......... 0tIIIe encourages undefgradtas In III 
ma,ors 10 lake adVantage 01 our services. We provide 
various inlelOshlp opportunities on the national • • • 
and 100011evels. Don' wail unlll gradlalion 10 begin your 
career! Making conlaclS and gelling hands-on work 
experience and lob training increases your cIlances lor 
post-graduate employment. Deadlines lor spring and 
summer internships 'illY. Visit OUI office a.ty belore Ills 
too !lie! Price Center. 3rd lloor. Room 3.303. For more 
Inlo. call 534-4689. 

r"tlII",,,,,. Tlturulll, 
. 7-10 pm. - LUI ""' ...... Come out and 
Sludy. Call 534-GAYS lor more informallOO. 7th lloor. 
Central library. 

rNtlII"" Nopt",/Jcr 19 
• 4 P m. - ,,"1... e .. ",..II.. II ...... 
iCharlemos un ralo en espar.ol. 

W~ll(sII/I', No .. ",. 10 
• 4 P m. - The Departmenl 01 lIletlllUre presents a 
publIC lecture by LAWRENCE GROSSBERG. UOI'lefSIIyOi 
Illinois al Urbana-Champaign •. everybody's looking 
lor something ... fsweel dreams are made 01 Ihis) TIll 
............ ,c. ............. ·Co-sponsoredby 
lhe Departmenl 01 Elhnic StudieS. Third World Studies 
Program. and lhe HislOfy/Text Group 3155 literalure 
Building. 
• 7 p.m - ntle: ......... EfIIctIwIIy ... till 
.... 11.· given by Winifred Cox. director 01 Uni'lefSily 
Communications al UCSO Pic)( up some important tips 
on how 10 get maximum media exposure lor your activities 
and events. What are some principals 10 keep In mind 
when dealing with Ihe media? Get this question and 
others answered by 00' own unNersily expert. Price 
Center. Gallefy 8. 

17Jurul"" NOI'ttlCm 21 
. 12 p.m. - The fthoic Studies Department presentS. 
seminar by Marnie Dillino ollhe Music ()epartmeIt. The 
seminar Is enlilled ............... E .... 
11I •• tlly ..... 1.,...· .. .,lu. e.lI ... 
I1IIIIIII: 3415 literature Bldg. 

M,""'" tlJrON.!Jb Friilll, 
• 10 a.m. -3 p.m. -I look 10 Ihe west. I look 10 the easl. 
I see everybody rushino non-slop loward Ihe fITITIP. 
I look 10 the north. I look 10 lhe south. I see everybody 
asltlng non-stop aboulihe FITSTOP. I stop al southwest 
and ask mysell what is FlTSTOP'l In order 10 find out more 
about your Ieve! ollilness sign up lor a Iree FITSTOP 
evaluation on the 2nd 11001 01 Sludenl Health Services 
loday belore you fall behind everybody. MOil"",. Normbcr 18 
. 2 p.m. - Other words for sex: make love. fool around. 
wild Ihing. hump. fay. pork ( a lew really crude words). 
Otherwords lor birth control: sponge. condom. diaphragm, 
loam. jelly. pill. cervical cap. Words lor STOs and 
pregnny? H you come 10 a ItrIII CIItnI 1If •• 
1IIaiII. you won' have 10 learn those words. See you 
lhere! Student Health Service. 2nd 11001. 

rNtlII." Normbcr 19 
. 9-11 a.m. -In the midsl 01 midterms. you may lind 
lhal you're eating habits are deterioraling. Have your 
elllIIItIrII ..... checlted at a low-cosl screening and 
lind out whallhallasllood Is doino 10 your arteriesl No 
appoinlmenl necessary. Student Health. 2nd 11001. $3. 
• 11 a.m. - Reality check people. Sex is no picnic. 
Pregnancy is not the only !$sue. An STD may afIed all 
IuliJre sexual encounters or it maykiU you. You're playing 
Russian Rouielle If you don' practice. sex. Come 10 
allrll c.tnI..,. ........ Rlfind Otimore. There 
is more INn just contracepliw options. the sessions. 
Student Health ServIce. 2nd Hoar. 
• 1 p.m. - Thrisgiving Is coming up and you're OOino 
home 10 see thai old name. Well. H those fires n 
rekindled. let's hope you went 10 a IIrII CIIIrII ..... 
..... so IN! you n properly prepnd. 1n Iact.Ihere 
is a session today. so YIrt not come? SIudenI HeaIIh 
ServIce. 2nd floor. 

WttlrusU,. N.-.Mr 20 
• '0I.m. -'An apple a dlykeepsthe doctor,. .. HoI 
quite. lilt living. tanIty lileslyle certainty dollS rwduce 
those visits to the docD. ComIto I ... _ 
..... and find out about ... 1iWIg. SIIIdn 
HIIIIIt SIMcI. 2nd floor. 
., p.m.- TheSllldn ... AdwaI8I ...... you 
1D""101111 GI our tInII. ThM • ..., .. ... 

Olga the Ovaries, and Pedro the Penis. The whole ~ is 
wail1nolOentertllnyou.allrtllc.tnl ........... 
Why nol slop tr{I You1'learn a IoIIboIA safer sex and 
contraceptive options while hanging OUI with some truly 
unique folks. Student Health Service. 2nd floor . 

Tltuntlll,. N.",.bcr 21 
.10a.m. - Thislimenexlweek.~'! beenjoyinoyour 
ThMksgiving break. Chances are you1' ear quite a biland 
lhe food may not be the most healilty. (Everyone is 
allowed 10 splurge now and then. though.) But do you 
know what healilty tood is? How about just a general 
healilty IiIestyfe?Come 10 a ............. m 
lind out more. Student Health Service. 2nd Hoar. 
., p.m. - According to Newsweek. UCSD is the No. 
1 upandcominguni~lntheUSA. You wnireiligert 
enough to get inlo UCSD. now n you ooino 10 be 
intelligent enough 10 come 10 a .... CIItIII ..,.. 
.......-1 There's more 10 edlUion than your books! 
Student Health Service. 2nd floor. 
• 2 ... p.m. - Have a r.nily history of hloh blood 
cholesterol? Cuneus about OIhef·risIt factors? Find out your" II tI'" ..... and pick up some lnforlNIIion 
abru choleslefol 1I.1oIH:osI screening. Noappoioonent 
is necessary. but please pay lithe cashier first. S3. 

Tbc UCSD Guardian Moociay, Novanbcr 18,1991 

....", N-*"lI 
.Wp.m. - ................... 
T.·s Iopic's bi-IIhatIiI and S&M phobia. Two mill 
worIIIIIopa n ., CIPIft diICIIIIion to 1oIIow. NoItt 
ConInnc& Room. Old SUIn c.r. 

r..." N-*"19 
• 12-1 p.m. -.. I ..... ,.111 1NIIlno. 
AP&M23I1. 
•• p.m. WItIiI_CIIII MIIIing.1IdpDing, 
lIIOIIIIJIn_n .... ,.,...,.IdiviIIIs. Come 
join" VI. G&IIIry A. Price cnr (2nd floor IbcM the 
"') . 

W--." N-*" 20 
.8:30-10:15 .. m.-_~"""" 
- iUVY bIIarI cIISs? wn to I'11III inI&resIinO people? 
w.tIlII lInoIr ..... s going on II Wnn? Corne join usf 
1.50 dorWion lor all you ~ ... l .... Bldg .• 2nd 
floor. Wnn I'rowII ConI. Room . 
.5 p.rn. - Asian ArlwiCMl QjftIn is naI jusllirnIIJd to 
CIIowMeinniChopStJey.Join ............ 
UCSO's AsiWPICiIic IsInIIIr ArlwiCMl journII. as • 
... !sus 01 cornmorIIIities ... Call ling II 2ID-
1882 or EficllII622-oon lor mort fnIarmIIion. Am 207 . 
2nd IIoor ~ Old SIudInI cnr. IbcM SoIIIeseMs. 
• 5 p.m. - ....... CIIII /IIIIIing. J(apWl will be 
spIJking on the ,.. MCAT. Price c.r. Galilry A. 
.s-6p.m. - Ale you .....,lnntngllUliculllnl 
uperinlls?Cometo ............ ~ 
.. c.tIJnI...., ...... (SCCA)..-ty natings. 
HIIp IJIIIIR our upcoming InI1 Fashion & T lin Show. 
Ewryone IIk:ome! IIMUI FormIIlCUIgII. 
.7 p.m. - ..... "11' ........ ActIiI 
-=--.1nIrocIII:tory I'IIIIIing lor people inensIId In 
lImngaboutor joining" group. Ewryone Is IIIIcomeI 
PIIIrson Hal 103. 

1hrrM,. Nnn.«r 21 
• 12-1 p.m. - _ ~ IirIiI: fllle! 
don' 11M 10 lOOmidlle youl Corne bring your Itn:h (.11 
bflng the cookies) and meet the Big NInes at w.ren. 
Plice CenIIr. Gallefy A. 

........ ,.N.~. 
. 7 p.m. -ilia' ...... Come 001_ look lithe 
sin Come out and meet Inlerasling people and keep 
WIll. Bring mtn:hies! La JoIII Shore. look lor the 
rairtbow fIID . 
.8p.m. - Thedassic tale 01 FausIUs who sells his soul 
10 the tlevilln ordIJ to irwft etecIrIc lighIs, Is rIIOId in 
vivid Iquage by Ger1rudII Slain In her play ...... 
......IJ&MI .. IJ&MI,. preMed by Ihe UCSD 
ThIIIIr. MnIIII Weiss fonIn. S610r SIudertIs. 
• 8 p.m. - RP8 presenb • ......,..~ ... 
c...... in .. ArtcIIaMIw Clllllria. 
.8 p.m. - 0uII1Iy solo nI ctwrar music praeried 
by UCSO music Sludents . ............ 
c-t Mnllwlile IIICiIaI Hat. Fill. StInIrrI.,. N __ 23 
.8p.m. - Tltecllsslc Ialeol Fuu. sells his soul 
ID .. tIeviIln ordIJ 10 irwft eIOIc ~. Is IIIDId In 
vivid IquIgt by Ger1rudII Slain In her play ...... 
...... IJ&MI .. IJ&MI,. prewej by" UCSO 
ThIIIIr. MIndIIl Weiss fonIn. S6 tor SIUdenIs. 

511,,",. N,Mder 24 
.3 p.m. - A 90 mirUI..aing lour ~ .. ~ 
UCSD ~ Including some GI .. MIoor scuIpUe 
In .. ~ Collection. win be oIIInd SInIars. Oct ~ 
to April2&, by .... IIiIIIIII,...,... The on 
willleM from .. 1nIomtIIion Pl¥illon on GIInWI Drive. 
The 'SoodIySlnll Tours· n_anddllipdprimriy 
tor adults. There is I minin'll pding fit CalI5J4..441. 
tor ranIions. 
• 7p.m. - ThecllsslcllleGl FJUSIUI. 11111 his soul 
10 the tIeviIln ordIJ ID IrMnI eIecIrfc .. Is IIIDId In 
vivid \quJge by Gertrude Slain in her play ...... 
...... LJaIItI .. IJ&MI,· praenIId by" UCSD 
TIteIIIr. MnIIII Weiss FOIIMtl. S610r SIUdenb. 

'IIt'aU.7, N __ I 
.,2-' p.m ........... oIOIdmNIIIITesIMteIi 
in Ihe book 01 Ads. Come nllU' the word of 11Ie. Price 
CenIIr. sn a.tm Room. 

WttllNIiIIIy, N~ 20 
.6p.m.-....... " '11'11 ....... 
to UCSO SUIInIs. Ewryone Is IIIIcomt. UrMrsIty 
l ..... CIudl.ICIOSS" snit from AMlIe College. 
.7 p.m. - Or. Clncl,1IJIII1ng. MD .• '-IsIBible SUIy. 
,.. ........... sponsorad bylJlnlCanpus 
MinisIIy. ()pin toall. UrMrsIty ~ Cludl,1CIOII 
!he snit from IIMIIe College. 
• 8 p.m. - "I11III ...... fir ...... 
........isCMtpusPlltDrJollnHtar'ssemirwlopC. 
Ewryone IsWltDma.l)WnIIyllMnt CIudI, ICIOII 
.. ShII from IIMIIe College . nv." N ___ 2l 
• 12'.30 p.m. - ........ (.-" jna'l) In 
8&111J1Jy1h. GI .. Ptlcac..r""' ....... SIIIdn 
AaocIIIIon. For mort InIDrIIIJIIan CII Y" II 551-
6474. 

...,,~U 
.ILIII.n 10ut.-..,.1IiIIIII ..... 
......... 6oodSMtdlllCludl..mt£-.MJII 
(II:rs. GIl-. hm CIIfIIIUI~ 
.,0:15 UI. - &.-.. __ ........ 
AdiIII KtIngJI, .... EwtJlllllII 1IwIJII. en.. ... 
__ ... wi III ~ tor IIIGIIIIIII NIt 
~""'CIudI,_" __ 1IMII 
CIIIaga. 


