
. TGs Moved to Field for One-Year Trial Period 
• Watson says service of beer at TGs in centralized area contradict the administration's po ition on alcoh.ol 
ByE!ICSct.mklt 
Associate News Editor 
... o..Kr..a 
Guardian Reporter 

Vice ChancellorofUndergradu-
ate Affairs Joseph Watson informed 
several Associated Students offic-
ers Friday that TG events with ser-
vice of free beer should be moved to 
playing fields along UCSD's pe-
riphery. 

ming Matt Schnurer, and Watson. 
Orozco said he currently has no 

choice but to move the TGs to a 
field for the trial period of one year, 
since A sistant Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs Tom Tuck-
er, who follows Watson's decisions, 
must approve each TG. 

According to Orozco, "We had a 
good conversation with [WatsonJ." 

But, Orozco added, "1 mentioned 
reservations about the field with the 
ex pen es and all." 

Holme said TGs, held about 10 
times per year. typically cost about 
$4,000 each. Field TGs would ne-
cessitate an extra $2.000 for such 
items a equipment, fencing and 
additional tmnsportation of equip-
ment. During the Friday meeting, Wat-

son indicated that he thOUght TGs 
with free ~r should not be held in 
"majorpublicgatheringareas," uch 
as the Price Center or the Hump. 

instead, Watson said, they should 
be held in location uch a a field. 
A.S. officers are now investigating 
Pryatel field - located at Warren 

College across from the Engineer-
ing building - which is the "only 
acceptable field," according to A.S. 
Vice President Administrative 
Michael Holme . 

According to Watson, serving 
free beer in public and centmlized 
areas of campus promotes an image 
that i inconsistent with the admin-
istration's position on alcohol and 
drug abuse prevention. 

"[The issue] has nothing to do 
with morality. It is a public health 
is. ue, it is a liability is ue, it i an 
is ue a to what i necessary to have 
a good time with friend. ," Watson 
said. 

Concerns over the cost of mov-
ing the TGs to a field were damp-
ened by Watson's offer to cover 
these additional costs. The money 
would come through funds over 
which he has control. Wat on ~aid . Holme attended the meeting 

with A.S. President Agustin Orozco, 
A.S. Commi ioner of Program-

Orozco also expressed concem 
See TGIF, Page 7 

New Task Force . 
To Consider Future 
Of UCSD Parking 
• Committee to examine options 
for parking based on financial 
and environmental respon ibilities 
By PhIlp Michaels 
Staff Writer 

A special task 
force comprised of 
students, faculty 
and staff has been 
appointed by Chan-
cellor Richard 
Atkinson to exam-
ine the parking situ-
ation on campus and to make recommendations 
to the university based upon a recent study of 
UCSD's parking and transportation policies. 

The Task Force on UCSD Parking and Trans-
portation Issues will beconcemed primarily with 
recommendations made by Chance Management 
Advisors (CMA), a private advisory firm, in its 
report on the future of parkjng at UCSD. 

"11te committee's basic charge is to review a 
massive appraisal of parking at UCSD and to 
either say we're going to go along with itorwe're 
not," said Marine Research Division Professor 
and Academic Senate member Jeffrey Bada. 

Bada is one of several members of the new 
committee, which also includes Associated Stu-
dents Vice President Administrative Michael 
Holmes and Revelle College Provost Thomas 
Bond. 

The head of the task force is Dr. Frieder 
Seible, a professor from the AMES department. 
Three students, four facuIty members, and four 
administrators or UCSD staff representatives are 
also on the committee. 

A list of the committee's axioms state that in 
examining possible options, the committee hopes 
to reflect a fair and neutral process that respects 
the needs of students, facuIty, and staff, while 
remaining consistent with the university's mis-
sion of research, instruction, and public service. 
The task force will base its recommendations 
upon financial and environmental responsibility, 
stimulating changes in the parking situation 
through incentives rather than penalties. 

"We're looking for innovative ways to ac-
complish that goal," said Revelle College Pr0-
vost Thomas Bond. 

Although the cormnittee will not make any 
fonnal recommendations until Jan. 10, 1992, 
members of the task force indicate that an in-
creased emphasis upon alternative transportation 

See PMICIN8, Page 3 

A student named Deborah receives a supportive hug from LGBA co-chair Cheli Mohamed. 
Consuela Scott and LGBA Publicity Director Daniel Calvi are in the background. 

Coming Out of the Closet 
• LGBA holds rally to promote 
honesty about homosexuality 
By Stephanie Danford 
Guardian Reporter 

The Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual As ociation 
(LGBA) sponsored a rally for national Com-
ing Out Day at the Price Center Plaza Friday 
at noon. 

An open microphone format gave anyone 
who wished the chance to speak, including 
several speakers who openly declared their 
homosexuality for the first time. 

LGBA Publicity Director Daniel Calvi 
said the importance of the rally was in encour-
aging homosex uals to come out of the closet. 

"We would like more people within the 
organization (LGBA) to come out. We want 
people to know it is a safe place for people to 
come out - it's a very supportive environ-
ment,'t Calvi said. 

"Coming out is hell," one young man told 
the crowd. LGBA members and their friends 
stood to one side, ready to offer their support 
to speakers. At times, several of them joined 
students at the microphone who were having 
a difficult time. 

This was a student named Matt's first time 
coming out in public. "As a frestunan, I felt I 
was ~ only one who feIt this way," he said. 
"There are other people out there. LGBA is 
very supportive." 

A student name Tara, who had spoken at a 
previous rally, got up to speak again on Friday. 

"LGBA is very strong now," she said. "At 

Some people, students like J.P. and Deborah, 
went together to the microphone for support 
first, it was LAGO. It was hardly out there at 
all. It's important that LGBA be visible:' 

A crowd of about 130 applauded the cour-
age of those coming out on stage. At first those 
in the crowd who were just there to eat lunch 
or enjoy the weather didn' t seem to pay much 
attention to the events of .the rally. Later, 
people showed more active support. 

Ian Barnard, a graduate student in litera-
ture and member of Gays and Lesbians in 
LiteratuJ'e (GALL), said he thought the rdJly 
was a very good idea, both for those involved 
and for those watching. 

"It was good for the people involved to feel 
See RALLY, Page 7 



1 NEWS 

Chicano Studies Profes8orClalms 
Discrimination In UCSB Hiring 

SANTA BARBARA-A California State University 
professor, claiming he was wrongfully denied a high-
level post in UeSB's C1Vcano Studies depanme!)l, il> 
leveling charges of political bias at admini trators and 
faculty. and threatening to sue the university over its 
"raci. t and neo-McCanhyite misdeed ." 

SU-No(lhridge Chicano Studies Professor Rudy 
Acuna said in a Sept. 30 letter that he plans to "expose the 
rolCiM and political motives of the UCSB admini tration 
and the faculty senate in denying me a profe~sorship inlhe 
Depanmenr of Chicano Studie ." 

UCSB Chuncellor Barbam Uehling. who is ultimately 
responsible for faculty hiring dec is ions,said she is satisfied 
with the decision and how it was reached. 

" 1 have reviewed the case and I do not find any 
evidence of discrimination." she commented. 

In a move that could break a longstanding tradition of 
confidential review. Acuna has vowed 10 sue rhe indi-
vidual reviewers who reportedly recommended against 
hiring him. 

UC Riverside Professor to Run for 
Seat in House of Representatives 

RIVERSrDE--For the first time in the campus' his-
tory. a UC Riverside professor is seeking a seat in the U.S. 
Congress. Sarkis J. Khoury, a Graduate School of Man-
agement professor. believes he knows the answers to 
some of America' s pre ing problems. 

"We as a faculty arc as good as any [and] we could 
produce some of the most innovative solutions," Khoury 
said, explaining his reason for running for the House of 
Representatives. 

Khoury ba~s his platfonn on his expertise in eco-
nomics, education, health and the banking system, hop-
ing to bring about widespread reform. Ina "Kick Off Event" 

Iu.~t month, keynote speaker John Sears, former national 
campaign chairman for former President Ronald Reagan. 
endorsed Khoury 's candidacy and pledged support. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

W lli-\ 11-\& 
~IDS, wt 
CAN ~Th,{ 
\X'\O£R ~iEI1. 

1~\lE~IN IID..~ . 

.. ,1Vlz. 

~ 
--

10·'2. 0 1_ '"'" .... _ ...... ~ 

1'hcUCSDG ....... 

Khoury said thai be eJtpccIS his idc8IlO dlaw '"Imny promi-
nent Republicanl" to join his campaip. 

N~\NS IN RRIFF 

Representatives from Over 60 Post-
Graduate Schools'at UCSD Today 

A Professional and Graduate School Fair, intended to help 
undergraduates become familiar with post-graduate institu-
tions, i being held today in the Career Services Center plaza 
from I I a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Representatives from more than 60 schools will be on hand 
to provide infonnation and answer student questions about 
advtlnced degrees in a variety of fields. Some of the schools 
scheduled to attend include Penn State, USC and Nonhwest-
em University. 

The program is sponsored by Career Services, the Office 
of Graduate Studies & Research and the School of Medicine. 

N· SCIENCE ~ EWS~ 
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

Participants Needed by UCSD 
Medical School for Several Studies 

The Ucso.School of Medicine is seeking volunteers to 
participate in"j variety of studies. 

Researchers are recruiting men and women, ages 18 and 
older. who are experiencing symptoms of depression. such as 
sleepd i twbance, weight gain or loss or feelings of wonhless-
ness, to be part of one or more studies focusing on sleep, 
immune function, new medications and other treatments. 

Participants may noc be currently USing major medica-
tions. drugs or alcohol. Volunteers who do not suffer symp-
toms of depression are also needed. For more information. 
call 552-8585, extension 3219. 

Males or non-childbearing females with moderale hyper-

by Bill Wattenon 

S£~ '<CAl 00, emu> l~ Gar ~ I"OS'f 
~ TOSS \~ It\E ~ cy; ~~G ON> I~ 1\.It: ~. 
1I()~ FUJI\) N'ID ~ 

~ G~~\ FI';l£\3IIU..? 

Maaday, Oatobcr 14, 1991 , 

IeOIion bdweeo the .. of 21 and 80 are needed to 
puticipate in III IS-week lIudy to eval\llle the effective-
ness of a new blood pressure medication. 

Study paI1ic:ipants wiD receive compIimenrary e~alua­
tiens.labtatlllld follow up.lntiearested parties sbouJdcalJ 
Denise QvistpmlM S43-S6S6. 

HeaIIhy women between the aps of 20 and 45 are 
needed to volunteer for a slUdy of sleep trearments for 
PMS. The five-month study rtquires panicipants who are 
not taking medications, including birth control pills. The 
volunteers will receive short, weekly medical evaluations 
for two months, and six ovemighl treatments at the UCSD 
Medical CenlCr over tbe following three months. Women 
who do not suffer from PMS are also needed, and will 
receivecompensarion forparricipating. For more infonna-
tion. call Anne at 543-5595. 

ScientIsts And Natural Source of 
Previously Man-Made Plutonium 

- Scientists from the UC-managed Los Alamos National 
Laboratory have recently discovered an e1ltremely rare 
fonn of radioactive decay of uranium 238. This decay 
produces plutonium 238, a man-made element which was 
not thought to occur in nature. 

Known as double-beta decay. this radioactive process 
involves the simultaneous emission of two beta panicles 
from the nucleus of a uranium atom, !laid George Cowan, 
a senior fellow emeritus of the laboratory and former 
president of tile Santa Fe Institute. This experiment rep-
resents the sixth definitive measurement of the double-
beta decay process. he said. 

At present, it appear.; that plutonium, once thought to 
be an artificial element, hasexisted naturally on 'earth from 
primordial time to the present in three different forms. 
Cowan said these forms have been 'detected using the 
increasingly sensitive analytical methods developed in 
recent decades 
Berkeley Geologist to Lecture 
On Extinction of Dinosaurs 

Dr. WaiterAlvarez,professorofgeologyandgeophys-
ics at UC Berkeley. will be in San Diego to discuss his 
theory on the extinction of the dinosaurs. 

"Dinosaur Extinction 65 Million Years Ago: The 
Search for the Impact Crater" will be presented on Thurs-
day. Oct. 24. at 8 p.m. at the Sherwood AudilOrium of the 
San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art, 700 Prospect 
Street in La Jolla. The lecture, sponsored by Scripps rn-
stitution of Oceanography, is free and open to the public. 
It will be followed by a RCCption. 

Do You Have an Eye for [)eraH? 

Become aGlUITtliIIn Associate Copy Editor. 
For information, call Jason or Robin 

at 534-6580. 

GUXK.)IAN 

... c.ao __ ................... -,.., __ 
.UCID.-..-.,. •• _ .... __ ._" •• __ ..... 
,.--.,,-..... _ IIItUJ::lD_ • .-.... _tl __ 
.... Ift.". .... eswJb............. $"" .n ... 
=r.::=-.. .-.,tI~ ... ----,...-

..... J3.W51D, ...... ca. 5JNe66, r.: ",.7691 
UCSD GucaJiun, 9500 C"an DrM 0316, 

La .lola, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, October 14, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

PARKING: THE STUDENTS' VIEWS 
Q: What do you think of the campus parking situation, and how do you 
think it could be improVed? 

" I think it totally sucks to 
raise our fees and not 
give us spaces, espe-
cially with this grace 

period thi~ I'm ready to 
tum in my permit and 

hike from Ralph's. They 
need to start Iookirg into 
the future, not just deal 

with today's 
problem ... and build a 

parking structure. 

" HOllY HAWKER 
Warren Co/lege senior 

PARKING 
Continued from page 1 
and the con truction of a parking 
garage are underconsideration. The 
committee is currently exploring 
the feasibility of and financial obli-
gation ari sing from these two op-
tion. 

"Parking is in a critical situatiorr 
due to changes in the Master Plan 
[and therefore] needs some son of 
structural ~hanges," Holmes said. 

The CMA repon, available in 
the Controlled Circulation section 
of the Central Library, contains rec-
ommendations that would affect 
campus parking for the next fifteen 
years. 

The CMA proposes that the uni -
versity should take steps to gradu-
ally reduce the number of single 
occupant vehicles allowed on cam-
pus while encouraging carpooling 
and alternative transportation. 

These conclusions were based 
upon analysis of financial and envi-
ronmental impact, as well as a re-
view of policies currently in effect. 

Californiastate law prohibits the 

" It sucks. I don l even 
have a car, but I have to 
deal with coming here 
with a friend. If you get 
here any later than nine 

o'clock, you're screwed. I 
always thol€ht they 
should put in one of 
those high rise struc-
tures. It's better than 

mowing down all that land 
and paving over it. 

" BRENT TOPPING 
ReveJle College junior 

use of any state lax fund::. for park-
ing purposes on UC campu~es . 

Therefore, all parking facilities 
must be self-supponi ng, financed 
by student fees, revenue genermed 
through penn its, or pri vate dona-
tions. 

Furthennore. the 1988 Califor-
nia Clean Air Act, which calls for 
stricter standards in controlling air 
pollution, would require businesses 
and establishment , including 
UCSD, to reduce the amount of 
commuter traffic. 

The CMA report recommends 
reducing the rmio of parking spaces 
per person from its current level of 
.4 I to .35 by 19% and eventually to 
. 25 by 2006. 

According to the reporr, "The 
reduction in spaces will result in fl 
reduction of traffic and pollutants, 
and will first encourage and then ... 
compel people to use alternative 
means of transportation." 

The report also suggests that 
Parking and Transportation Services 
revise its perrnitscheme to base fees 
upon location of parking. 1bose who 
desire to park on the Central Cam-

" I think it's absolutely . 
repulSive that they ask us 
to pay outrageous fees, 
and then more for per-
mits, and now they're 
taki~ ~ the CSOs 
[daytime parking lot 

-patrol program]. I'll be 
lucky to find my car. They 

need better alternative 
forms of transit like the 

bus line to the south bay. 

" ANDREA Hill 
Muir College senior 

pu ' would pay a higher fcc than 
commuter::. who utilize perimeter 
p<lrking. 

Re ident would be assigned pri-
marily to periphcr.l l parking lots. 
The CMA repon envision~ all but 
eliminating resident parking afler 
the year 2000. 

While parking on campus may 
become more difficult in the near 
future, altemativemethods oftl11ns-
ponation would be heavily utilized 
under the CMA plan. 

Campu shuttles would increase 
service to perimeter lots, as well as 
to the planned commuter rail sta-
tion to be built in North San Diego 
County around 1993 . 

Incentives for carpooling and 
fide haring would also be offered 
as alternative to parking on cam-
pus. 

CMA recommends that the Uni-
versity should explore the possibil-
ity of constructing a parking ga-
rage, preferably off-campus and in 
partnership with the private sector 
to mitigate the financial burden. 

The cqmmiuee will meet again 
on Monday, October 28. 

, 

NEWS 3 

r----f,::'~n·UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~~.~""?,~~~~y* 
"'W.II.liver • $20 mintmum purchase· within ~ mile ... dlus orcampus 

lo;ap JOt'lWI 
Not vRlld 'Wlth 
any other olTl!r 

as always, 10% 0" when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (i n the Halph's Cellter) 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a \I eek. Open dml.v S am-S pm 

LA SA"DfiLE 
ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

SPORT SANDALS REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA S4tHDflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SD 9210 9 
488-1134 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff T enning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------!~~~t~~~ning for $ 3 5 
Mu.1 pr .... nl rhi. coupon E..p 10/2. /91 

Please ask a~' our olher services such as manicures and hoir core! 
----------~---------COSTA VER~E CENTER 

8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
San Diego, CA 921 22 
(619}S5S-185S 

• THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE ai UC~ID 
THEa£r MeAT PREP COURSE RIAl & TAUGHT BYI.IEDICAL PROFESSIONALS INSAN DIEGOI 

THE '1 MeAT COURSE IN SAN DIEGO; 6 YEARS OF TOP MeAT SCORES! 
• TAUGHT BY TOI' lJCSD DOCTORS & MIl.·Ph.D. CANDIDATES WHO ARE EXPERTS IN 
MeAT PREPIlRA TION. UNLIKE ANY OTHER COURSE. .. MCA T PREP IS OUR SI'ECIIIL TV 
& IT'S All WE DO! 

• TH E MOST COMI'LETE & POPULAR MCAT PREP COURSE IN SAN DlEOO-6 YEARS 
OF PROVEN 5Ua:£SS! 
• AN INTENSE. 100. HOUR LEClURE AND WORKSHOP·8ASED REVIEW PROGRAM OF 
THE SCIENCES. READING &. WRITING SKILLS AREAS TESTED ON THE NEW MOAT; 
KEY TEST STRATEOIES & STUDY SKILLS 
• INTENSlVESClENCE PROIIlEM SOlVING AND READING SKII.LS WORKSHOI'S; 
INTENSIVE ESSAY WRITING WORKSHOPS WITH A UCSD WRITING PROFESSOR; 
SMALL GROOP LEARNING 
• OVER 1.000 PAGES Of HIGH. VIELD MCA T PRACTICE TESTS. IENCE PROBLEM 
SOl VINC EXAMS. CONDENSED RlRMULA SHEETS & REVIEW NOTES PROVIDED TO 
ALL S7UDENTS 
• MEET &. HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WITH CURRENT MEDICAL STUOI:"NTS; 
DISCUSSION Of THE MEDICAL SCflOOl. APPl.lCA TION. ADMISSIONS & INTERVIEW 
PROCESS. &.lIFEONCE IN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM TilE MEDICAL 
sruDENT PERSPECTIVEI 

• FREETAKE·HOME L1BRARV C HECKOUT OF All COMMERCIALLY AV,o,ILABLEMCAT 
REVIEW MIITERIALS 

• MUCH LOWER <XlST THIIN OTHER REVIEW COURSES; PERSONAL l1.JTORING 
INClUOED IN PROGRAM 

~ ~ 
SPONSORED IN PART BY lliE SPECIAl. ~ 
SUI'PORT I'AOGIIAM. ucso SCHOOl Of MEDICINE 

9 AUf' HGIN JNlJMY tUb It p8£PA!!ADQH 
FOIl TlrE"IIl .. ll1UC6T 

NOW ENIIOUING FOR WINTER '82 
CALL (619) 456-4848 



OPINION 
.. OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY 

It's Decision Time for 
Clarence Thomas 
I dOll't leavt my sisters out in the cold 
I love my black sislers! 

- Public Enemy, "Pollywannacracka" 

We've already been blindfolded for II 
years. Most of us have ~moked our last 
cigarenes. And now. their guns aimed and 
cocked, fingers twitching nervou Iy on the 
triggers, the 1000man firing squad in the 
Senate is about to rip our doomed lives iOlO 

AMATEUR TERRORIST ~ -- : -.,' -', 

bloody, pulsing chunks with a solid savage 
stream of tenon-coated, hOllow-pointed 
metal. 

Clarence Thomas, Supreme Court Ju -
tice. 

Bang. 
Oratleastthat's the way it seemed just a 

week ago. 'That's when people figured out 
that Anita HiII's charges against TItomas 
weren't going to go away, and something 
was going to have to be done. 

Of course, in Washington, that meant 
"done" in the style of the juiciest sleaze on 
"A Current Affair." 

But, you know, there' nothing quite like. 
a good public hanging to get those bilious 
juices going in the morning. 

By reason of sanity.J caught only the first 
hour of the scheduted Anita Hill/Clarence 
Thomas showdown, figuring the real slime 
would be distilled down to a few choice 

_inutes by evening news time, anyway. 
Whall did see was preny disappointing. 

Thomas' speech was about what I ex-
pected. True, it was a decided step forward 
from the traditional "[ don't recall" defense, 
and it came inches within super-bonus spec-
toclepoinlS, because I expected Ted Kennedy 
to break down in tears at any second. 

But he didn't, and the show fell hort. 
Beyond thal, the only bright spot was a near 
fistfight between Republican Orrin Hatch 
and Democrat Joe Biden. 

A little blood would have added that final 
garnish of class to the proceedings, and 
might have cured the country of some of the 
senatorial leeches for a while. But that 
Kennedy bastard calmed them down and the 
wimps recessed. 

Oh well, the whole thing was pure show, 
anyway. Just another day of overpaid actors 
performing for the peon , in the hopes that 
we're deluded by this bullshit and don't 
figure out what they're doing with all our 
money. 

Yes, Thomas ' defense was heartfelt , but 
didn 'I it have to be? Sure, he slipped through 
the original inquiry with the squealing ease 
of a greased pig. But dancing around the 
charges wasn't going to work here. 

He had 10 look sincerely emotionally 
damaged by the charges and he did. What, 
was he supposed to crack like a "Perry 
Mason" culprit, leap onto a table, waving a 
pistol and screaming, "Yes! Yes! Idid it, all 
right! And I'm nol sorry, either! And what's 
more ... I'm taking you all with me!" Bam! 
Bam! Bam! Fourteen senators lie bleed-
ing ... (l guess that's what I was watching 
for). 

No, Thomas did what he had to do, 
especially knowing the mere presence of 
Anita Hill would thrust the balance of sym-
pathy back in the otherdirection. His perfor-
mance, then. was no surprise. 

Oarence Thomas is no judge. He's a 
politician. . 

But this should have been obvious to 
anyone who bothered to look at the festering 
mud from whence he carne. He was, after 
all, given access to Ihe suckling teat of 
politics (as head of the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission) by that impec-
cable beacon of honesty and virtue, Ronald 
Reagan. And it doesn ' t take a rocket scien-
tist to see what ethical giants his cohorts 
were. 

Foreight years, Reagan surrounded him-
self with cheap common criminals, the likes 
of North, Poindexter, Deaver, Casey and 
Watt Like a swarm of malaria-bearing 
mosquitoes, these people used their power 
to latch on to the public skin, drill inlO the 
bloodstream with tht:ir needle-sharp 
probosces, and suck, suck, suck until they 
were bloated and swollen. They then 
slumbled wealthily away, leaving America 
ill, infocted and dying. 

Reagan himself was an incompetent buf-
foon, thicker than a brick, with (or SO he 
claims) a memory so bad he probably had to 
pay someone to remember where the Oval 
Office was. 

Which is not that unlikely, since other 
than the smiling. waving and script-reading 
duties. he had to leave every other thought-
requiring administrative activity to one of 
his lackeys. 

Of course, in doing so, the brain-dead 
chimp in the cowboy hat turned over the 
reins of the country to a swindling posse of 
horse thieves. Among them, Oarence 1110-
mas. 

Bush should have seen this one coming. 
Anybody even remotely associated with the 
"Midas touch" of good King Ronald I has to 
have something to hide. 

But George was obviously still stoned 
out of his gourd on either thyroid hormones 
or his own incredible popularity, and went 
out of his way to grind the Democrats' noses 
into the dirt by nominating a man who they 
couldn't possibly nor approve without ap-
pearing racist, yet who could be almost 
guaranteed to overturn every civil rights and 
gender case heard in the last 50 Yeani. 

"Ha ha ha ha, here he is, you pathetic 
Democratic worms," Bush cackled glee-
fully, "just try and fmel a legitimate reason 
not to let him in. you whimpering eunuchs." 

This, of course, is why the Senate Repub-
licans did everything they could to rush the 
vote, and why the Democrats scratched, 
clawed and dragged their heels to keep the 
inquisition going: Both sides know that if 
you poke around in the toilet water beneath 
Washington long enough, sooner or later 
some shit will come floating to the surface. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Monday, October 14, 1991 

And now the Democrats have it, a rea-
son. Unless Anita Hill comes forth in the 
next few days, saying "Ha ha, just a joice, 
guys, I was making it all up," a Democratic 
vote for Thomas is a callous slap in the face 
to women who have suffered sexual harass-
ment. A vote against is thus ammo in '92, 
showing the insensitivity of the Republican 
party to women's needs. 

So basically. this is a free meal tickel, 
and the senators no longer have to search 
lengthily to find the long-atrophied balls 
they once needed to boot this slithering 
snake back to the sludge-filled swamp he 
emerged from, nor will they have to turn 
away and cower under the pelrifying gaze of 
the almighty King George and his down-
trodden charge, St. Thomas, the martyr. 

TIlen again, they are, after all, senators 
-many of whom have probably raped their 
aides over the years - and tarring and 
feathering this Thomas guy could sci a dan-
gerous precedent (not that he doesn't serve 
as a convenient sacrificial Iamb). 

Still the Democrars nOw seem to have 
gained possession of the ball, and it would 
take either a monumental bribe or colossal 
saupidity to blow this one. Luckily for Th0-
mas. the Senate is rife with both. 

And again, my hazy memory keeps beat-
ing 81 me, reminding me how the Democrats 
l81ely havebecornetheultimate iease,pounc-
ingonevery broken play, driving hard down 
the stretch, bringing you to the brink of 
ecstasy, and then handing the ball off to 
some stiff like Mondale or Dukakis. Net 
result: lOss of yardage. 

Which brfngs us back towhere we started: 
aarence Thomas, Supreme Court justice. 

Bang. 

There Are Huge Differences in Biases Facing SAAe and LGBA 
Editor: 

After reading the opinion C"A Political 
Ghetto for LGBA," Monday, Oct 7) ex-
pressedbyyouregardingLGBAandSAAC, 
J must respectfully disagree. 

We live in a racist, patriarchal society. 
Persons of color and women have always 
been the target groups for such bias. Obvi-
ously, such bias is based solely on skin 
color, eyelid fissure, and/or gender. among 
others. The bias encountered by persons of 
color and women is in large pan based on 
intolerance forphysical,culturaI and a num-
ber of other differences. 

Accordingly, people within these groups 
should be given a suppon/redress system 
uch as is accorded through ' SAAC and 

similar organizations. 
The fact stands for itself that the plurality 

of gay males in LGBA are white. Without 
announcing their sexual orientation, they 
have the built-in societal recourse of their 
skin color and gender to afford them unlim-
ited opportunity. Further, lesbian women 
are nol excluded from the Womens Re-
source Center, which is available to all 
women. regardless of sexual orientation. 

My argument is not against gays and 
lesbians coming out; the point rests simply 
in the difference between the bias faced by 
members of SAAC and LGBA. 

There i no denying that persons of a 
non-heterosexual sexual orientation are vic. 
tims of bias. Therefore the real question is 

whether LGBA and its agenda faUs within 
the scope of SAAC and its agenda. 

1bere is no question that when sexual 
orientation is brought into question, gays 
and lesbians face bias. However, this is not 
the same situation for members of SAAC 
and similar organizations. 

The surface, or physical differences be-
tween Anglo males (the power SIlUCture) 
and persons of color and women are the 
t.is for such ignorance and intolerance on 
the part of the power structure. 

Such differences are self-evident and 
bias emanating from the power structure is 
a consequence. There is no physical indica-
tor labeling a person's sexual orientation, 
and ~ingly, it is clear that gays and 

lesbians face problems outside the scope of 
the reasoning behind, and necessity for, 
SAAC. 

Pmlaps this point is brought to light best 
in the following situation. Consider: An 
African-American and a gay white male 
boch interview for the same job, both have 
identical educational andexperienlial back-
grounds. 

However, the interviewer and employer 
are predisposed to bias (the type of bias 
bein8 based on dissimilarity of any type). 

Ifbothsbow for the interview _ the same 
time, wiIhout either applicant saying any-
thins, can we guess which applicant will be 
the victim of bias? 

MJIIthew D. Marphey 

Moaday, Oaober 14, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Columbus Balhers Seek to Malign the American Heritage 
• Despite the intlanunatory rcmtings of the 
multiculturalists, Columbus was still a great man 

.. 

•
.. , . . 

. ,\ .' 

'\ ~ '", 
moreover, used human sacrifice to 
ensure a constant fear of the gov-
ernment. 

It would appear thai the myth of 
the "noble savage" is just that- a 
myth. 

the student center, the Columbus-
bashing flyers stare evilly at all who 
walk by. One of the leaflets called 
Columbus the usual litany of names. 
The other invited everyone to an 
enjoyable protest, where a local rap 
group performed after a hard day of 
civil disobedience. 

I first discovem1 Ovistopher 
Columbus in the third pade. The 
fIIClS in those days were simple. He 
MIl three ships no !arpr than most 
tennis couns - the Nifta, the Pinta 
and the Santa Maria. He set sail in 
1492, !mid the protests of those 
who believed the Eanh was flat 
(which we now know to be a myth 
- although most people knew the 
Earth was round years before C0-
lumbus' journey). 

Of course, Columbus never fell 
off the Eanh, nor was he devCXRd 
by sea monsters. Finally, on Octo-
ber 12,1492.hcdiscovercdAmerica. 

But despite all of this, Columbus 
had one fatal flaw. He was a white 
European male. 

Theexplorerwe IooICed sO fondly 
upon in our youth is in stanny wa-
ters. These days, his name is a dirty 
word. 

For instance, Native American 
activisa Russel Means claims that 
Columbus "makes Hitler look like a 
juvenile delinquent," and is "worse 
than Attila the Hun." Uh huh. And 
the Earth is flat. 

Even one of the last communists 
in this hemisphere who still has a 
government job, Fidel Castro, has 
jumped on theanti-Columbus bend-
waaon. According to Time maga-
zine, Castro now claims to be a 

Native American. Capillllizina on 
his chan&e of heritaae. he has crin-
cizJed the Eumpean explorers for 
enslaving and raping "our people." . 

One may wonder, just what did 
Columbus do? 

, .. ~ .. 

RECOIL 

Columbus-basher Kirkpatrick since 1492, why not criticize the 
Sale, author of 1M CtJllllWst of good. well? 
PanIdise,hoidshimraponsibiefor America was the father of mod-
"the rise of Europe, the triumph of em democracy. Freedom of speech 
capitallsm. the creation of the na- and religion, breakthroughs in sci-
tion-ItaIc,thedominanceofscience, ence and medicine, great intellec-
the establishment of a global rna- tual works, stopping Hitler in World 
noculnue, the genocide of the indi- War n and the exploration of space 
genes, the slavery of people of color, (just to name a few) are the m]rside 
the coloniz.llion of the world, the of the anti-Columbus coin. 
destruction of primal environment, Manypeopie,however,arernore 
eradication and abuse of species conservative in their attack. They 
and the impending catastrophe of limit Columbus' responsibility to 
ecocide for the planet Earth." "slavery, genocide, and theft and 
SuprisinalY, Sale forgot to mention exploitation' ofthe land." 
the Iran-Concra scandal. Neither Columbus nor any other 

This is quite a load to lay on one European introduced slavery to 
man's shouJders.. How can Colum- America Indeed, the Aztecs and 
bus be responsible for the actions of Incas - natives of America, mind 
so many men? He did not set sail for . you - were no sarangers to forced 
America with the intention of servitude or mass-murder, even be-
comitting all of the aforementioned fore Columbus reached the conti-
attocities. ncot. Those ci vilizations were as 

Indeed, what men have done af- brutal as they came. 
ter Columbus stumbled upon According to New Amuican 
America cannot be attributed to his writer William Grigg, the Aztecs 
accidental discovety. killed between 20,000 and 80,000 

If one is to castigate Columbus people during a four-day temple 
for all the bad that has come to pass dedication rite in 1487. The Incas, 

Even the "peaceful" Tainos In-
dians that Columbus first met kepi 
slaves and were, in tum, enslaved 
by their enemies. 

Additionally, the people of the 
Carribean Islands suffered under 
slavery long before Columbus set 
foot on American soil. 

An eX.ccllent art.ic\e detailing all 
of this can be found on the Under-
graduate Library bulletin board. 
That is, of course, if nobody has 
tom it down. 

Another reason for the current 
anti-Columbus hoopla is a recur-
rence of "protest fever." 

The Left really likes to protest. 
Philip Tajitsu Nash, spokesman for 
the Columbus in Contex~ Coalition, 
notes this holiday "provides 
progressives with our best opportu-
nity since the Vietnam War to come 
together. " 

Take, for example, the recent 
controversy at Allanta's SciTrek 
museum. SciTrek ran a Columbus 
exhibit featuring a full-scale model 
ohhe Nina. After much protesting, 
the museum had to add panels on 
the history of Native Americans. 

Actually, one need not look fur-
ther than UCSD to see the extent of 
anti-Columbus sentiment. Around 

Multicultural termites are gnaw-
ing at the foundation of American 
society. TIley hate every thing about 
America that might be traced back 
to a European heritage. 

Therefore, who better to attack 
than the first European to reach 
America? 

All of this nonsense, however, 
has no effect on the stature of C0-
lumbus. He was a great man. So 
great that Pope Pius IX wanted to 
grant him sainthood. 

Indeed, with the exception of 
Queen Victoria, more places in the 
English-speaking world are named 
after Columbus than any other his-
torical figure. 

(don't think turning Columbus 
into a target for radical culture to 
vent their mindless rantings will 
work. 

Columbus once wrote that "the 
farther one goes, the more one 
learns." 

Hiscourageandconvictions were 
so strong that he braved the un-
charted sea to prove them. Today 
we should celebrate Columbus and 
what he truly represents - the tri-
umph of human aspiration. 

FACTORY OU1LET CLOTHING STORE 

UCSD's ONLY 
BACK TO SCHOOL CLOTHING SOURCE! 

A 
D 
Z 

p P 
E .S 

o 

A 
I G 

R 
N 

N 

E 
E 

L 
R 
E 

QfEtt: Wed. -Sat. 11 am-? pm • Sun. 14-5 pm 
8250 Camino Santa Fe (lull down the road) 

Go east on La.lola Vilage Drive, " &ghts past Hwy. 805, left on Camino Santa Fe 
450-~23 

w. accept VISA, MASTERCARD. I AMERICAN EXPRESS 
EIIPlOYIIENT OPPORTUNITIES--aJI DIbrI Spt»I«rIst tI5lJ.3324 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads , • Gourmet Coffee 

( ) 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 
Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain food, 'so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

W"_sday. ROCKOLA 
Get hlp to lhe groovy sounds of lhe sixties and seventies from the band 
"Rockola-. From the Beatles to Boston you can pop lUI you drop. 
Presenllhis ad at the door and we'll eal the $3 cover! Wednesday. 

Thursday • $1 Drinks • 'Any Drink 

CIIA8HOUa • CLua • COURTYARD 



6 OPINION The UCSD Gunlian ~,~1~1991 

LETTERS TO THE E 011 OH 

SAAC Director Explains Criteria for AftInnative ActIon Protection 
Editor: 

) am most lIfIPI'CCialive for the 
very positive press you have liven 
lO the chlnges with the Student Af-
finnative Action &: Human Rela-
tions Programs unit ofUndergradu-
ate Affairs/Special Services Center. 

Specifically, I am refemv:ing the 
extensive article on the new Human 
Relations Coalition (HRC) (yes, 
this is a definite change from the 
infonnation provided during our 
initial interview) carried in the 
Thursday, Oct 3 issue ("Commit-
tee Formed for Non-SAAC 
Groups") and the editorial offered 
on the same subject in the Monday, 
Oct. 7 issue ( .. A Political Gheno for 
LGBA"). ) finnly believe that such 
vi ibility and attention can only 
mean positive things for the pro-
posed forum. 

I would like to clarify a point 
which was highlighted in bolhofthe 
above-mentioned pieces. 

Membership in the UCSD Stu-
dent Affinnative Action Commit-
tee (SAAC) is partly based on crite-
ria establ ished by the University of 
California Five Year Student Affir-
mative Action Plan in its delinea-
tion of effort s on behalf of 
underrepresented students. 

In large part , thi language has 
been dictated by a number of 1\:;-
sembly Concurrent Resolutions 
(ACRs) adopted by the California 
Legi lature. The target student af-
finnative action populations are de-
fined as either those groups that 

have been subjected lO de jur, (i.e., 
legally penniaed) racWo edInic or 
gendcrdiscrimirullion in the United 
SraIes tmd IR undenqlresented in 
the studenI body of the University 
of California, or individuals from 
documented Iow-incame and edu-
cationally disadvantaged family 
backgrounds. 

Disabled students are included 
because they are a protected popu-
lation under Slate and federal law. 

Keeping in mind this definition, 
the following groups are designated 
asSAArargetpopulationsatUCSD: 

• African American/Black, 
American Indian and Chicano/ 
Mexican American students in the 
areas of outreach, admissions, aca-
demic performance, retention, 
graduation. and post-baccalaureate 
opponunities. 

• "Low income" students forout-
reach, admissions, academic per-
formance, retention, graduation and 
post-baccalaureate opportunities. 
"Low income" students are tbose: 

A) whose annual family income 
i at or below the income level that 
qualifies for low economic stalUs as 
detennined by UCSD Student Fi-
nancial Service and Feder.!1 guide-
lines, and 

B) whose parents (both father 
and mother) have not gmduated from 
college. 

• Filipino and Latino students in 
the areas of academic performance. 
retention, graduation and post-bac-
calaureate placement effon . 

• Women in die lIaS of retea-
lion. ~. poa-beccalll'-
reate p\aama' efbta in certain 
majors in which Ihey Ire 
underrepae"'"d,suchu the physi-
cal sciencea and qineerinJ. 

Unfoltunalely ,1IIUdenIs who are 
lesbian, IIY and bisexual- while 
adminedly experiencina forms of 
discrimination and ilL'iCllSitivity -
have not been classifaed as an 
undenepresented populalion by stale 
law, federal guidelines or Univer-
sity of California policy with re-
gards to access 10 educational op-
ponunities. 

As such, constituent member-
ship for this population on the Stu-
dent Affirmative Action Commit-
tee, at present, would represent a 
stance outside of the boundaries of 
this definition. 

Consequently, the Human Rela-
tions Coalition is an anempt to pro-
vide a forum in which voices other 
than those of the SM target groups 
(such as LGBA, Y AF, Union of 
Jewish Students, etc.) might be 
heard. 

It is not an attempt to create a 
sister organization to SAAC nor 
any other entity that is "separate but 
equal." 

I would like to encourage mem-
bers of the UCSD community to 
contact me if they have questions 
about the compo ition of the Stu-
dent Affinnative Action Commit-
tee, about the proposed Human Re-
lationsCoalirion or about any issues 

whicb have lO deal willi diversity. 1 
can be reeched • S34-6708. I ern 
always .... 10 diacusa IheIe and 
relared issues. 

My appreciMion for Ihe ct.K:c 
to provide this ca.riflClllionl 

AatboDy J, JeaMIon 
DIrector. 

Student AIIIrmaaiw Adion 
and Human R .... Prop-am 

10 keep. We loIc many trees in the 
Revelle pIItina lot 10 we could 
have a new darer and !'Old; we losl 
more trees so the Central Libraly 
could start lO expand into North 
County,. sOon. 

I realize dill these things are 
deemed necessauy and thai the trees 
are in the way, but can't there be a . 
sense of balance in campus plan-
ning? ) guess the idea of tradition 

'Ii M P-N. never quite caught on here. rae laaacreonv.llf"N' I hadtq,edthatoneday, ifl have 
Editor: 

The eucalyptus trees are a fairly 
well-known fealUre ofUCSD. 1be 
1990 General Catalog describes 
UCSD as a "beautiful 1,200-acre 
wooded campus" (page 9). I'm sure 
that the editors of the caIaIogue will 
scurry to modify thai wording as 
soon as the fumes from the gas-
powered chainsaws hit their offICe. 

These particular chainsaws are 
located around the International 
Center whereseveml trees have been 
felled recently, and still more trees 
bear the orange spray-paint marks 
of death. They'll be cut soon, mak-
ing way for a new building or road. 

So much for those famou euca-
lyptus groves . Perhaps the 
catalogue's description of the cam-
pus will follow its deforestation: 
" Kinda wooded . .. a few scattered 
trees .. . completely open; absolule 
visibility without the interference of 
foliage." 

A pattern has emerged in which 
the trees are never important enough 

children,) could bring them here to 
show lhem where I spent my col-
lege years. Even if at that time I can 
fmel the campus, I doubt I'll recog-
nize it. 

Deborah A. Davis 

7lir UCSD G_rrlu." wd-
I:OIIlCII your Icttcn and rom-
mcnwia. Drop your letter 
at the C;-rrlu." offices (01\ 
the scrood floor of the old 
Student Center. above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GUll";"" 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La ]oUa, CA 92092-0316 

Letters should be typed, 
double-spaCJed, and mlUf i,,-
dtuka signature and a phone 
number, UosipedkttenwiU 
not be printed. Lctterwriters 
will be contacted to verify 
their identities. We reserve 
the right to edit for length 
and darity. 

SHOOTFO THE STARS 
BECOME THE ENTREGENT 

ENTS FOR ONE YEAR 
........ --LE AT 

CSD OFFICE 
, . '. C CELLOR'S OFFICE ~~"', ':':. ~VynoiTUR~C~OLLEGE DEAN'S OFFICE 

GRADUATE STUDENTS ASSOC. OFFICE 
STUDENT INFO(EDNA), PRICE CENTER 
HOOL OF MEDICINE, STUDENT AFF. .. &&& ... ~ 

IF YOU ARE I 
REGENT 0 

SESSION WIT 
ARNELL, WIL 
LEADERSHI 

ALL APPLICAT 
CHANC L 

FO 

RESTED IN APPLYING 
YE QUESTIONS, AN I 

ECU TUDE 

OR STUDENT 
FORMATION 
REGENT, DIANA 

HEL N OC 16', P1 12 NOON IN THE 
RS, 3RD F OR, PRICE CENTER 
DUE NO LAT HAN 5PM IN THE 

S OFFICE FRIDAY OV. 1 1991 
MORE INFO, CALL 534-£±083 

Monday, October I", 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

TGIF dull by movins the TOs away from free alcohol." a student center, stuclenls will have Watson said he strongly su~ 
ConIInued from .... 1 10 make a concious effort to attend ports "the continuation of the TOs 
over the longevity of the TGs. theevenlS. Studrntspassing through without alcohol at the Price Center 

"I am hoping [the TG's] won'l the Price Centerduring a TO would or other public places." He also 
die out - we want them to conlin- be subjected to alcohol, whether 
ue. We're doing this for the sw- they wanced to be or not. 

" 
dents. Theadministration would like According 10 Holmes, though, 
to take [the TGs] away," he said. students had to make a conscious If we were giving aNay 

Other A.S. council members effOt1lO produce their identification free money, we'd have 
voiced more pessimistic opinions. cards to gel into the Price CenterTG 

students there - but 
"This is the beginning of the last year. 

end," Schnurer saicj. "You're look- "Dr. Watson believes that you're you're going to need 
ing at distance. If we were giving ruining the integrity of the Price some pretty dam good 
away free money, we'd have stu- Center and the university by having 
dents there - but you're going to beer in the Price Center-but Round incentive to go to the 
need some pretty dam good inocn- Table Pizza has beer. If you ask a field. 
tive to go 10 the field." student where to get beer on cam-

" 
According to Holmes, "Some pus, he'll say 'at the Price Center, ... 

council members believe the TG he said. MATT SCHNURER 
will slowly die out if we keep hav- Watson said that he is concerned A.S. Programmer 
ing to make concessions." more about free beer than the pres-

But Watson believes that there enceofbeeroncampus. ''Theirnage suggested that the TGs would be 
are advantages to field TGs. One [shown by the TGs] should be that cheaper without alcohol, allowing 
advantage, according 10 WaISOn, is . you can have a good time without the A.S. to hire more good bands . 

People like Hiromi Gonzalez. who came out Friday, walked through a symbolic closet door at the Rally. 

RALLY -he added. He received almost no suppon from the spectators. Dean's Office expressed his con-cern about individuals being fired 
Jrom jobs because of their homo-
sexuality. 

ContInued from paee 1 
that sense of community from the 
people walching," Barnard said. 

He went on to say that he was 
"disappointed"thlIt no faculty mem-
bers spoke, since they could provide 
role models for the younger panici-
pants . 

Only one speaker expressed dis-
taste about the activities, telling the 
crowd it was "not o.k. to like homo-
sexuality." 

U[ may be a card-carrying I 
homopbobic, but it's imponant to I 
know that you have an alternative," I 

Read 
the 

Guardian 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Speakers also commented on 
Governor Pete Wilson's veto ofbiU 
AB 101, a state bill wrinen to pro-
tect homosexuals fromjob discrimi-
nation. 

ToddHauserofthe Fifth College 

He said he had been fired from a 
university job elsewhere for that 
reason and was glad to see a more 
open community at UCSD. 

I' I I 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOlUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

9949 
M r 8 30 G p m h~.l'tf .., 11 II ')1 
S.lt 14prn 'v\HhlJ(..,UII] 

~ SELflate M71BJ~J";:t.-""1!tPO._~~T-
'--'---'- -

1991if12fJ27B(ij T U 1992~2F)29B(±)JJ=JIB(I:J) 

1;. l. .z.looitf'l.~ 1III.~iIIAt .n' • ., t : ..t:. ~ .lIa1iJ5 (7).JIlfrlt l. ,.. ._,:'''~~ , . ... ~·.A.!' "'..: 
l ' " ~',,,,., * l ' ... ;... ~ .... ~I".I!.""C ... tt.r-(7)""c 
.,..., : l"~1'." . III. ".~.ft.MII:J!tr~.". 

U"'· t"~, .... -~."t. ~' •• 1'~ ."".l·Jll.' .. 
• 1 ti~t: 'I ~"""III.. "1 U • • lIIlIa1: 
~&I •••• t.·f 

o 
K y 
o 

• 

S 
• 

A 
• 

•• lia(7)".1.. ""n. " _1"',. . '1" - I:MIT .,..PIII\ 'iI"t>1t ''', 1i!J. ~ 
.,UtH.1::-, ... ",-H_.*,U) ~"'111 ••• 111 ,a ... .M~ 
7''' ') ~ • :h '1" ~ f:l • ., TE l. 1 IDO 537 2.86 ( Toll Free 0,.1) 
of.') """-? TEL a.IO. 5«14 (Toll h •• Ui.1l I" • t .OO ... ... ~ M ~ ~ a *_'lIn 
1!' .... - ~u . s AN •• '1'00" 011 ... !!UI. :IIII 
7'" .) ~. h ~ "." • ., TEL' 8110 344 72 •• (Toil Fr •• D,.1l 
, " ~ . 9 :00"'''' ~ 00" M . ... Y , ' ' ''. ) 

NEWS 7 

Schnurer said, though,. that the ruled that TGs to which non-stu-
TO with beer is "the only true tradi- dents had access were illegal. 
tion that students have - now it's After an experimental TG at the 
being shredded apan bit by bit." Price Center last spring, UCSD Po-

"I've heard students say they've lice Chief John Anderson said the 
come to UCSD for the TGs - the TGs "are legal in conjunction with 
beer, the bands," Schnurer said. the ABC ruling [although] we still 

Schnurer believes that this latest had several violations and people 
decision is a concious plan to ki II the arrested. " 
TOs. Orozco said he will continue to 

"TIle administration has experi- fight for the TGs just as fonner A.S. 
ence with this sort of thing. They'll President John Edson fought the 
make conditions unfeasable so that legality issue last year. 
we'll have to kill [the TG]. TIley " I don ' t want to give up hope, 
want the students to kill it - they'd and I don't think we should. If we 
be elated." have to continue to fight for the 

However, Watsop continued to TGs, that 's what we' ll have to do." 
stress that he suppons the TGs. "My Orozco also said he thinks stu-
understanding of the attraction of. dents should stand up for it if they 
the TGs is the music, the entenain- think it 's important. 
ment,andthecamaraderie.lstrongly "If students don' t get off their 
support this aspect." butt , and if apathy continue, they 

LegalityoftheTGs, at least, is no shouldn ' tcomplain," Schnurersaid. 
longer an issue. Last year, the state The first TO with free beer is 
Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) scheduied for Oct. 25. 

The Guardian. 
Read it. 

Recycle it. 

UCSD NIGHT 
IS BACK! 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 

Sun..Thurs. 'oS ~ ':> 
llam-12pm 

Fri.·Sat. • Lunch 
11 am-2am • Dinner 

• Oyster lar 
7536 FAY AVE ... CALL 456·BREW • 21/w student ID 

Ii SUSPENSION . Brakes I ~ . Struts 
I. PLUS . Front Ends 
, .. SPECIALTY CENTERS· Alignments 

r-----T-----T-----' FOUR.WHEEL Computerized ~ront End 
I BRAKE I Front End I Alignment I I I Alignment I . Front Wheel I 
I SPECIAL I $249J~c.r. I :~a:: I 
I $6995 I ~~ I Bearings I I I -,-- I $4495 I AIII_ ........ _ I """,tea.. I ......... I ~~)s-. .. n I 
I 2~TlIcMMdIllllWInMIY L (T=::,;~") ~- .... &pnotGmlt1 I ReplIca IIoIl peds lrld rear _ _ _ _ _ _ ___ J 
I ~~~~ 1011 Change Special Strut Package I 
I ~_em. I '995 II Gu<ll~.".I,,..11 I 
L ..I _~ --II1II1100,", 5ooporSt","_ .. " •• I 

- - - - - -- . lJtiinItwnlty I Front End I ""=,=--~ I - .... &pno,-., I 
I Alignment fFr:t Wi.:i Dri:'-Mor":. ~ , 
I $1495 I ServIce SpecIal I Gal ShockI I 
I _ ... /11* .... 101) I $5995 I $1 Q95 N<h I 
L ,..,- • c.v ............ ~2nd I _u.s. ~........ I _____ ~ .... _.112""'" --

L - .... '-'- lofho- oJ 
• SUIptnIIon'" - - - - -
• Body lifts IIower'iIgs IVIIlIbIt 
Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. II 

558-8562 
Winston Square 

3112 Midway Dr .• 0 

223-2248 



8 CALENDAR. The VCSD Guardiaa Monday, 0cI0ber I., 1991 

weekl'Y 
caen ar 

• The campus calendar is a service provided 
every Monday for the benefit of the campus 
community. Submissions are free to on-cam-
pus groups and departments in order for them 
to provide information about events, lectures. 
meetings and services. Calendar forms should 
be submitted to EDNA orthe Guardian by noon 
on the Wednesday prior to publication. 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 
Monday through Thursday 
o 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Fridays 8 a.m. t03 p.m. The Language Program 
provides assistance to students whose native language Is not 
English and to those doing work In Japanese. Italian. Spanish. 
French. German. Vietnamese and Russian. A diagnostic test on 
written English as a second language is available on request. Call : 
534-2284 for more Information. Old Student Center. Building A. 
Room 214 . 

Monday through Friday 
o 8 a.m.-4 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center Is a free service for all 
UCSD students. We offer one to one writing conferences for any type 
of writing project - academic papers, personal statements even 
stories and poems. Our staff of trained undergraduates. who come 
from a variety of academic disciplines, can help you become a more 
effective writer. Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or drop by 
our office In the Old Student Center, Building A. Room 214. Evening 
appointments also available . 

08 a.m.-4 p.m.-Let OASIS Study Management Center helpyou this 
quarter with time management, notetaklng. midterm preparation. 
and test·taklng strategies. Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 
to set up a personal appointment. Also stay on the lookout for those 
valuable OASIS Study Skills Workshops. 

o 8 a.mA p.m. - Come to the OASIS Scholar's Writing Workshop 
for assistance with your writing projects. We offer Individual and 
group tutoring, Stop by York Hall 4070 or call 534-7344 to set up an 
appointment. 

Tuesday and Thursday 
o 7·10 p.m. - LGBA study hours. Come out and study. Call 534-
GAYS for more Information. 7th floor, Central Library. 

Thursday. October 17 
4-5 p.m. - Perceiving Organization In Written Material. York Hall 
4010. Free. 

HEALTH AND FITNESS 
Monday. OCtober 14 
o 11 a.m. & 3 p.m. - ATSTOP Is calling for youl Start tne year nant 
and get your FREE fitness evaluation. Make your appointment on the 
2nd floor of Student Health Service today) 

02 p.m. - So you like that new lIlY Rex. and you had hot. steamy 
sex. You used the technique known .. withdrawal and now your 
period has yet to call. Could It be you need a Pf1I8/1ancy test? Come 
to the Women', Clinic birth control Infonnatlon .... Ion and learn 
about effective birth control methods and the services of the 
Women's Clinic. Student HNIth Service, 2nd floor. 

Tuesday. October 15 
011 a.m. -Hetell' you that he C8/eS, yet his history he won't shale. 
Realize sex Is more than lust: In these times It·s a matter of trust. 
attend a bllth control Information session and leam not only birth 
control methods but the prel/entlon of STDs. Student Health ServIce. 
2nd floor. 
01 p.m. - You wanted to 10 to TJ. but he alked you fora BJ. You're 
afraid of Infection. but what can you use for protection? lHm the 
ansW8f to this end all your otherblrth control. STO questlonl at. birth 
controllnformatJon _Ion. Student Health ServIce. 2nd floor. 
o 3p.m. -ATSTOP II call1naforyoul "Stalttheyearr1lhtandlltyour 
FREE fItne .. evaluation. Make your appointment on the 2nd floor of 
Student Health ServIce today! 

Wednetdey. Octobar 16 
o 10 a.m. - So you think you know your body reelly well? Come to 
the Well WOman SessIOn and tnt your knowIedII. You are sure to 
181m somethl,. new! Student Helith SeMc:e. 2nd floor. 
• 111.m. & 12 p.m. - FITSTOP Is c:aIIItW foryouJ Start the year !WIt 
and lIttyour RtEE fItneII evaluation. Make your appointment on the 
2nd floor of Student Health ServIce tod8yJ 
• 1 p.m. - You tho,ChUea would be IO-.y. but It left you kind of 
quell)'. You 1'NIIy...-.n't ........ or ... 1IIIhoufI1he WI yoa 
an.tlme .... ,..... CICIfI'Ie to a bII1rI CIOnftIInI'ormetIon ... Ion 
1M IMm about ..apondIIa IlI1ia11W1nt bItIIMCW. Student HeIIIh 
SIMce. 2nd floor. 

Thursday. October 17 
.10 a.m. - SO you've met the lirt whO makes your heart II~ But 
you h_ yetta do the wild thing. Learn your options , take some time. 
If you walt a while 1t'1I be Just fine, Come to tne birth control 
Information session and leam about responsible. mature Intimacy. 
Student Health Service. 2nd floor, 
-1 p.m. - Healthy Is hlpl join the "In" crowd at the Well Woman 
Session and start your way to a healthy. Informed life. Student Health 
Service. 2nd floor. 

Friday, October 19 
o 11 a.m. & 3 p.m. - FlTSTOP Is caUinc for youl Start the year right 
and lit your FREE fitness evaluation. Make your appointment on the 
2nd floor of Student Health Service today! 

SERVICES AND WORKSHOPS 
Monday through Friday 
08 a.mA p.m. - SIGI plus: 8 step software package thatallows you 
to Individually assess your values, skills and Interests to Identify 
appropriate occupations and receive descriptive Information about 
them. Brief preliminary orientation with an advisor required. then two 
2·hour sessions available on computer. Schedule appointment at 
Reference Room desk. Career Services Center. $10. 
o 9 a.m.-4 p.m. - The ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
Invites undergraduates in all majors to take advantage of our 
services: leam how an intemshlpcan provide you with the experience 
and Job training that a classroom education cannot offer. Be 
prepared before it is too latel We can also help you improve your 
resume. cover letter. and Interview skills. Making contacts and 
getting hands-on work experience increases your chances for post· 
graduate employment. Drop bV our office or call 534-4689. Price 
Center, 3rd floor, room 3.303. 

Monday, October 14 
o 3-5 p.m. - SUPPORT GROUP FOR GRADUATE WOMEN: Support 
group for women doing era<:luate work In science or the humanities. 
Leaders: Reina Juarez, 534-3875. and Maureen Morison. Call fOf 
sign-up. HSS 2101. 
o 4-5 p.m. - MEXICANA/CHICANA SUPPORT GROUP: A group to 
discuss academic, personal and social experiences. Leader: Undsay 
Calderon, 534-0249. Call for slan·up. Irvine Room, Price Center. 

TuesQ8y. October15 
• 1-3 p.m. - REO I: A workshop for students who want to be more 
eware of the roles food and we!&ht play In their lives. Leaders: Reina 
Juarez. 534-3875, and Sam Ballinger. Gall for sigrl-up. HSS 2148. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - Unde'llraduate Women's Group: A..IfOUp focusing 
on concems of undergraduate women. Leaders: Equilia Luke. 534-
3585. and Sam Ballinger. Call for appointment. HSS 2025. 

Wednesdays 
• 6:~ p.m. - lesbian and Bisexuarwomen·. aullPOrtCJ'OUp. Led 
by Chell and Lisa. We're a weekly. confidential drop In !rOUP for 
women Interested In discuSSing personal concerns anc:laoclallaswa 
In a comfortable. supportive environment. Gall DavId at 534-3987 or 
tne Women's Resource Center. 534-2023. Free. 

Wednesday. OctOber 16 
• 12·1:30 p.m. - The first of Fall wort\shop series sponsored bV 
Af'IIrrnatI'.'e ActIon and Human ReIatIonI procrams: "The CtIanIJnc 
DemocraPhIca In AmetIca"1s a video preaentatJon to be follOwed by 
a dlscuulon, Rlvel'lide/DtlYis room. Free. 

Thursdays 
• 6:30-8 p.m. -Gllyand BllexualMen's SupportGroup.ladbVlIMI' 
counselors 0evIcI and St8ve. We're a weekly. Informal. conftcIantIaI 
group for students whO want to dlsc:uu iIIueI and share conoems 
In a comfortable. supportive environment. Orop-Ins welcome. or call 
534-3987 or 534-3755 for more Information. Mountain VIew 1..oufWe. 
Third Colle&e: 

Thursday. October 17 
• 1·2:30 p.m. - OVERCOMING COMPUlSIVE EAnNG: Group for 
women who diet and bIfICe. Focus on deI/eIopIfIC CGPInc IIdns. 
Leader. Equilia Luke. 534-3585. HSS 2025. 
• 1·2:30 p.m, -ADULT CHILDREN Of DIVORCE: AlJ"OUPfocuIIncon 
Impect of parental divorce on f8m11y~. relationship IsIuas 
anc:t .. If ... tIem:Leader.MalyMcNaUlhton.5340253.Cellfor ..... 
up.1003GH . . 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - RED II: A group for studenta who went to braak the 
bln&eilU .... cycle of bulimia. l.NderI: Equl" Luke. 534-3585. and 
Peter CocoIIa. Gall Equllla before comlnc. HSS 2025. 

FrIday, October 18 
• 12·1:30 p.m. - PAN-ASIAN COMMUNITY FORUM: Drop.In PIP 
....... concems of AsIln/PICIftC ItI8nc:Ier ItUdenta. LeedIrs: 
Jeenne,.,.... 534-3035. and VIvIIn CtIee. Mount8In VIew 1..ounIII. 
• 2-4 p.m. -ALCOHOl AND SUBSTANCE ABUSEGAOUP: SupportI\je 
enWOI.lla"tford~prvbIIms"""'tDaIooIIoIand""'" 
..... l.Mder. Den MunaL 534-15N ...... ColI. Prvv. 01 . . 
• 4e p.m. - CMIIUS aACK FORUM: InformII FIlIP for AfrIcM. 
AmIf1cen ltUdentI.lAedIr: PhIl RapheaI. 5344252 MourUJn VIew 
lourWI· 

MEETINGS 
Monday. October 14 
• 6 p.m. - The AmerIcan Soc~ of Mechanical Enalneefs first 
ITIIItIrC of the year. A ,uest speaker from Scripps Institution will give 
alRl8f1tatlon on the development of the Subdude human powered 
submarine. Pt1ce Center Cove. 
• .6 p.m. - LGBA II08ral business meeting. Come 0IJt end get 
InYoIvedI For more information call 534-GAYS. LGBA office. 2nd floor 
Old Student Center. above Soft ReS8IWs. 
• 7 p.m. - Circle K meeting. Everyone is invltedl Are you Interested 
In VOIunt8er WIII1<. meetin& people, and gaining. leadership skills? 
Please come. Gallery B, Price Center. 

Tuesday. October 15 
• 12·1 p.m. - Overeaters Anonymous meeting. AP&M 2301. 
• 4 p.m. - Pop Events first meetln,. Open to anyone Interested In 
~current popuiarmusic to UCSD. Price Center. Santa Barbara/ 
L.A. Room. 
• 5:3().7 p.m. - University Toastmasters Is the only place on 
campus you can learn valuable public speaking. leadership, and 
communication skilil. Our weekly meeting are self.paced, supportive 
and fun. Everyone Is _leome to visit. MMC Conf. Room 111·A 
(south of PrIce Center Bookstore). Call Dave. 546-1942 for more info. 

W~. October 16 . 
• 4 p.m. - Special Events first meeting. Open to anyone interested 
In presentlnc comedy etc. at UCSD. Our first event was comedian 
Edward Jackman during Welcome Week. TBA. call 534-4119. 

.1~p.m . -A.S.INTERNSHIPOFACE INFO NIGHTi Be prepared after 
&/'8duatlon. GaIn valuable work experience and job training through 
Internshlpsl Learn how to improve your resume, cover letter, and 
Interview skill •• ASIC provides intemshlps on local. state. and 
natlonalievels. 534-4689. Davis/Riverside Room. Price Center. 

Thursday. Ootober 17 
• 3 p.m. - Oenc:e/Orama CommittH's first meeting. ()pen to anyone 
Interested In brinJIIng professional dance or theater to tJCSD. Price 
Center Room 8. third floor. 

Friday. October 18 
• 10 a.m.·3 p.m. - QUEST INTERNATIONAL· Study. wol1<, travel 
abroad. Information fair. The best day'of the year to find out about 
PfOCr8ITI5 overseas for college credit or pay. International Center. 

EVENTS a RECREATION 
Thursday. October 17 
• 4:30 p.m. - LGBA will be 101,. to the taping of KNSO's "Third 
Thursday" on be&Jn fI11ln the '90s. EV8IyorMt II welCome. Tickets are 
limited. 10 please call 534-4297. Meet at LGBA oftIce. 

FrIday. October 18 
·6 p.m.-12 a.m. -It I, a dinner/dance held by MEChA to welcome 
newltUdentsand AltumInlItudents.1t is the flrstJQCIaI....mofthe 
quarter. Dinner will consist of came asadII with side orders and a 
dance will follow "ward. Intemationli Center. 

~ 
• 3 p.m. - A 90 minute welldnc tour of the beeuUful UCSO campus. 
IncIucIIni some of the outdOor ICUIptin In the Stuart CoIIec:tIon. will 
be ofrered Sundays. Oct. 20 to Apltl 26. by till UCSD VIIitorI 
PnIpm. The tourw will 181M fnIm the InforrMtIon Plvllion on Gilman 
DrIve. The -Sunday 5unMt Tours" .. fnIa and deItned prImatIlyfor 
edub. Thn lie mII1lm11 pertdn&fee. Cell 534-4414 forntRf'Vltlons. 

DISCUSSIONS, LECTURES a SEMINARS 
Monday. October 14 
• 6:30 p.m. - RusIIan student panel: a dlKUUIOn forum of current 
tMIIItIln the SovIet Union. SponIored ~ IntematIonIIl Club. Meet at 
IntemItIon8I Center. 

Th~. 0ctDber U 
• 12 p,m. - The Bhnlc Studies ~1.1t IRIII1Ia a seminar by 
a.nn PadlII8, ~1Ih Dept.. UC~. The lIIIIinar Is entitled. 
"The MexJcen 1rnmW-1t .. ·: The (cIe)l'onnetlon ofMlxlcan IrnfrIiIJInt 
uta StiDIy." Room 3415 lit. BleIl. 

RELIGIOUS RJNCTIONS 
T .... October 15 
- 12-1 p.m. - llllllIUCJY ~ OLD IIId New T_ ...... 1n the book 
~ ACts. All II WIIComI. The ........ of the I.on:J II frae to 811. PItc:e 
c.nr.r. Santa II8IberI Room. 

",*,. October 18 
-7 p.m. - OpINIon ~...,..II. 1111 .......... IN WIIDuI 
ChrIItiIn FeIIowtNpt. ucao ......... Gfmualcll ...... M 
.. waIoome tDjoIn In the _ .... tNp, end much ..... .,.,.. 
e p.m.);...... Hell. 

• 

Monday, Octobu 14, 1991 

w. V-BAU. 
CantInued from .... 11 
the game," Dannevik said. 

Then he inserted f~ Julie 
Harvey, a back row specialist, to 
help defend against che Broncos' 
big hitters - panicularly Mitsu 
Tomoyasu, a member of the Japa-
nese national team who had 22 kills 
in an unbelievable 62 anempts. • 

Finally,senerJulieFabianmixcd 
up her sets in the final two games. 
scning different hiners at different 
times. 

The combination worked like 
lighlerfluid on holCOlls. "Wecaught 
fi re. The difference was we made 
adjuStmenlS. and they didn't make 
any they needed to to score. ,. 

Not all the adjustments were 
made in the heat of battle. After the 
loss last week. the Tritons hit the 
film room on Friday to polish whal 
Dannevik thought had been an oth-
erwise solid game plan. 

"Our game plan was to commit 
certain blockers to their hitters. We 
wanted to rotate our defensive play-
ers to the right positions. [Because 
of the filmJ we underscood Cal Poly's 
tendencies a little bener this time," 
Dannevik said. • 

The UCSD Guardian 

aided by the fact that the Broncos 
had played a heated, five-game, two-
and-e-half hour marathon against 
Olapman earlier and were notice-
ably tired against UCSD. The Tri-
tons took advantage of Cal Poly's 
weakened state by constanll y rot at-

" ing players. 
For Iheir efforts. Vesanovic. 

Vikki Van Duyne and Fabian were 
named 10 the All-Tournament team. 
Amy Sodek and Tomoyasu made 
the squad from the Broncos. 

Van Duyne led UCSD wilh 14 
kills: Vesanovic added 13. 

··It was very reminiscent of last 
year's game in the finals," Dannevik 
said. 

SPORTS 
OPNON 

NEWS 
SPECTACLE 

HlAlUS 
) 

DIe UCSD au.dIan 
Is alway_looking 
for new writers. 

For ffi9re information, 
call 534-6580 

The 

SPORTS 9' 

For The 
BeSl Prep 

Call 

695-9952 "Julie didn't play thai well the firsc couple of games. but she really 
came' on in the end and showed 
some leadership. She made some 
goodquality sets at imponant times." 
Dannevik said. 

"II was the best we've played all 
year against a quality team." 

"It was fun. We got ~ chance 10 
maximizeourability,andwehaven't 
had a chance to do that in a while." 

or SlOp by 'he Gllardian offices 
Oil tlte secolld floor of the Old 

Swdelll Cclllcr 
Princeton Review 

The Tritons also may have been 
• 

How American Express 
helps you cover more territory. 

For less money. 
BecoIpe a Student CardmCmbertodayand 

. get 3 roundtrips on Continental Airlines, 
for only Sl29 or S189 each. 
Only the American Express- Card offers an exciting travel program 
exclusively for sludents-including three roundtrip certificales on 
Continental Airlines. And much, much more. 

JuSllook al lhe map and pick the place youtllike to visit. [f 
it's on your side of lhe Mississippi River, you can use a certificate 
to fly for only f129t roundlrip. Or you can cross the 
Mississippi (or $189 roundlrip. 

)00 have your pick of more than 150 Cilies in the 
48 contiguous stales. And you can fly almosl any time-

~use there are no blackout dates. But you must 
make your reservalions within 14 days of the day you 

leave. And the maximum stay is 7 days/6 nights and must include 
a Saturday n ighl. 

By becoming a Student Cardmember, you'll also enEY other 
benefits from the American Express· Student Privileges Program. 
Such as up to 30 minutes" of Mel long· distance calling every monlh 
for an entireJear-absolutely free. And that's JUSl one example of 
how the Car can help you save. 

For just '55 a year, the Card gives you all these savings. And 
il's easy to apply. Just call us (have your bank address and account 
number on hand). What's more, with our special student offer, it's 
easier to get the Card now while you're still in school than il may 

ever be again. 
So gel the Card. And get ready to cover new lerri-

tory on eilher side of our Great Continental Divide. 
·N,nnnpoli./St Po""le .... ~.nd N<wOlttlns.n:con_ciftel .. tlcI,h< Mw...."".~..., 
-Artfd. clup,o 1)11) ""c.II,.ill_ onncnbilh ..... ' ...... for 12 """"Its ,r,n mroIl 

..... 'jlOi ...... ,'olh<dI& .... Io<.-..oclQml_n" .. I_MOCMd'-i 
bl.yesll.nII _ ............ lIJu _ mrolllo< 'hi • ...mby o..:.mbrr jl, 1991 

.*.Cwl 
CALL l-BOO-942-AMEX ___ _ Continental 
~ JOtI'rw tIIrM4Iy. ~~ rIM,..'s no ""10 CIIII. Info,.",.,.", IIbouI your urtljiaMfi wtII be m'rlvI"Il soo". 

w. "1Ir' "fI,re 

. c..,IItIt_ .. .-f1d111 ........ ___ ~ ~ AIIi*I_,.,--- ... , ..... cldIII .... A-m .... __ iIIIIIlllyfor _'-'~ . • WI - ~ TnooI_ s.:-GtItoftIIIJ if:, 
.•• ~ ••• _______ ___ ; ______ ....... .. c ..... W'.. • . .... -...... ..... _ ...... ...... _ ... ..... ........... .. _ . _ ........ ..-. . .. ..... _ ...... ~ 



, , 

10 SPOll.TS 

w. POLO 
OIJrM'lwJ'" .... 18 
1OUI'nIIIDent with. remau:h of last 
weekend's game apinsI the Tro-
jIns. The last time the two teams 
met, USC pulled out a close 1~8 
founh quarter victory. 

This weekend's game was not 
much different. With freshmanMike 
Warren in the aoaJ,the two teams 
were locked at 50S at the half. After 
atight thild period, the Tritons trailed 
by only a goal at 8-7. 

The Trojans demonsuated why 
they are ranlced sixth in the nation, 
however, as they blocked a shot by 
Greg Goodrich and then turned it 
into a goal by convening a Iwo-on-
one counterattack. USC never 
looked back after -thai goal and 
downed UCSD for Ihe second 
straight lime. 

Despite the defeat, Harper was 
pleased by his team's perfonnance. 
"II was a really tight game," he said. 
"We played with a lot of confidence 
and we're starting to play some very 
good water polo." 

Harper couldn 't complain much 
about his team's next game again t 
the Bruins either: "If anyone had 
told me before the game that we 
were going 10 score nine goal 

Jason Brown 
against UCLA, I would have said, 
'Noway!'" 

But UCSO did score nine goals 
and kept the game tight before fi-
nally succumbing to the nation's 
second-ranked team. 

The contest looked as if it was 
going to be a blowout from the stan 
as UCLA quickly jumped to a 4-1 
lead. The Tritons were not 10 be 
denied, however, as they narrowed 
the gap to 6-4 at the half. 

"We were hanging in there really 
tough," Harper said. But UCLA 
turned it up a notch and opened up a 
sizable four-goal lead in the fourth 
period to nail down the win. 

Harper, however, was more than 
happy to focus on the Tritons' nine 
goal . UCLA goalie Danny Hackett 

Tbc UCSD Gu.dian 

is c:onsidered by many 10 be one of 
the lOp collqiare p11enders in the 
coupIry and, accordiDa 10 Harper. 
miJhI be in line for a spot on the 
1992 Olympic team.. 

The pme was also one of per-
sonal triumph forat lease one Triton. 
All-AmcricanJason"Twtle" Brown 
tied a UCSO record by drawing 
seven ejectiOO5 in the contest - a 
mark that WII established by Lany 
Sanders in 1986. 

Brown also broke the record es-
tablished by Tom Shatz as he be-
came UCSO's all-time leader in 
drawing ejections. The current mark 
stands III 19S. 

Perhaps Brown's biggestaccom-
plislunenl to date is being UCSO's 
second all-time leading goal scorer. 
He put up three more this weekend 
to give hiftl209 goals in his career 
- just two behind all-time leader 
Tom Moore. 

The Tritons finished the day with 
an easy victory over UC Riverside. 
UCSD raced out to a 5-1 lead in the 
first period and never looked back 
as it parlayed some excel lent counter 
attacking into a 17-5 blowout_ 

"It was a vcry good day for us. 
I'm excited because I know that 
we'regoingtocontinuetoimprove," 
Harper said 

M.SOCCER 
CoMIIII .......... U 
helped keep the defense on tnICIc 
while the offense went berserk. 

1be StaRers ran sprints and 
worted on their tans in the blazing 
sunshine while the bench tried to 
seal the victory out on the field. 

Rather than stumbling and IO!;-
ing the tOA:h the starters had handed 
them.thesecond-stringeroutpJaycd 
the Cardinals' sraners. 

Sergio Salvador, on his one and 
only shot of the game, scored 
UCSO's fifth goal onacenter-driven 
shot. The daring move was made 
possible by Gerhardt, who picked 
up his second assist. 

"If we left in the starters, we 
could have scored more, sure," Head 

~hDerekAnnstrong~"B~ 
what's the point? 1 wanted to see 
how the bench [handled itself], and 
they did well." 

On defense, the Tritons almost 
looked bored. TIle only challenge 
came on surprisingly well-placed 
penalty kicks. The Cardinals had 
plenty of opponunities - 10 to be 
exact. 

"We lost many of our starters, 
and we've got six freshman all start-
ers," said Caldinals' Head Coach 

THE ULTIMATE LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
SPEAKERS 

Mike Green • Will Keim • Ed King • Chuck Loring • Bob Moss 
Mary Peterson • Barbie Tootle • Dave Westol 

TOPICS 
Alcohol, Stress & Sex • Creativity • Sharing Enthusiasm • Diversity 

Four Stages of Drunk • ConAict Resolution • Running a Responsible Party 
Implementing Change • Motivation • New Member Education • Risk Management 

Team Building • Values & Ethics • Visioning • and more!!! 

REGIONAL LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA • SAN DIEGO 

OCTOBER 20 • SUNDAY • 8 A.M. - 5 P.M. • PRICE CENTER 
REGISTRATION & CHECK·IN FROM 8 - 9: J 5 A.M. • $7 REGISTRATION FEE 

FOR MOIlE·INFORMATION CAll: 534-4090 
Sponsored by the UCSD Inlerfrolernity Council, Panhellenic Association and ASUCSD, 

Monday, October 14r, 1991 

MidfielderMike Lodoen(headband) 
opened the scoring floodgates 
Sunday with the game's first goal. 

Steve Jameson. 
"They're allover the field. Two 

at front, in middle, and in the 
backfield. We've got inexperience 
on all fronts." 

"Wc'lI be a benerteam next year 
with maturity," lamesonsaid. "Still, 
we lost to a great tearn. 1lle way 
they.exploded in the second half . .... 

"The win is important," 
Annstrongsaid_ "In theovcrall plan, 
we counted on St. Mary's being a 
victory." 

But cven he had to admit that he 
was impressed by the blowout: "I 
didn't expect to win by so much. 
But, then again, we should have also 
won that Master's lCollege] game. 

"The Pomona and Claremonl 
games are vital," Armstrong said. 
How vital? 'They'll determine 
whether we make the playoffs_" Oh. 

"When it comes down to filling 
those four slots [at Regiona1s], we 
only want one. We' re looking for 
the minimum chance we have," 
Armstrong said. " It'll actually help 
us if St. Mary's goes back and wins 
some big games. They're not in our 
conference and it will make us look 
all the bener for beating them." 

UCSD will be heading 10 Pomona 
with an injured Alex Savala, who 
has played a major role in the suc-
cess of the Tritons' defense. The 
defender 'Nas injured last Wednes-
day againsl1l1e Master's. 

Alex Spain, anolher Triton de-
fender, is also nursing injuries - a 
bruised shoulder he suffered against 
Messiah College. "Shoulder's hold-
inggreat,"saidSpain, who wrapped 
his shoulder in ice immediately af-
terthe game. "It ' s justthat now I've 
got to collide with my other shoul-
der." 

Kalyew 
&pel? 

Kalyew 
reed? 

Then apply for the position of 
associate copy editor. Send 

resurn6, clips and cover letter 
to: 

Jason Snell, 9500 Gilman 
Drive 0316, LaJolla. CA. 

92093-0316, or bring it to the 
Guardian offices on the 
second floor of the Old 

Student Center 
For ..... Wo, 
call II"'" 

and ask for Jasoo 

Monday, Oc:tobcr 14, 1991 

W.SOCCER 
ContInued 110m .... 18 
the Tritons' ~ this year. The 
Coyotes manage! a I-I tie with 
UCSD in San Bernadino 00 Sept. 
25. 
, With the tough sc:hedulecoming 
up, the Tritonscouldeasily becaught 
looking past NAIA Cal Baptist. 

In order to prepare for the up-
coming contests, McManus in-
creased the intensity of practices 
last week, when the Tritons had 
seven days between games. 

A key to UCSO's hopes will be 
the injury factor. Already missing 

CARD 
ContInued from pace 16 
scribe ,descendedontoHeadCoach 
Mike Schuler. We recognized the 
LA. Times" Scott Howard·Cooper 
from his picture in the media guide. 
Thi brought uptwo interestingques-
lions: First, why do rhe people who 
lise the media guide need to be in it? 
And second, why weren't we in 
there? 

Schuler, his usual eloquent self 
as the regularson the Clippers press 
tour would tell you, explained that 
the current squad would finish the 
road trip without being cut down. 
Schuler wasn't exactly sure where 
he would be playing on Friday, but 
upon being informed that the game 
was in Chicago, he seemed taken 
aback. 

This being Chicago's first game 
since the championship, Schuler, 
seeing the bright side of the situa-
tion, said playing Jordan and Co. 
now was preferable to seeing them 
after they've warmed up. 

We moved on to the players -
the big guys. Youdon'lthink much 
ofthem when you see them on T. V., 
but standing nexllo6-IO, 244 pound 
Charles. Smith can be a humbling 
experience. 

Wastingnotime, we went straight 
for the marquee names. 

Ron Harper, the big name guard 
wilh the weak left knee, was first to 
be questioned. Admittedly nervous, 
we asked Harper what he was ex-
pecting from the season. "We're 
coming together as a team andplay-
ing good ball," he told us. "We're 
worlcing hard and we're improving 
evcry day." 

Kept out of the first half of last 
season with a knee injury, Harper 
said that he's feeling fine. "The knee 
is getting stronger, and I'm playing 
pretty well in training camp." 

Ournext intervicwee seemed sur-
prised to see us. "Shouldn't you 
guys be in class?" asked Danny 
Manning. After assuring him that 
only non-vital classes were being 
missed, he continued, "That's cool. 
I used to do that too." 

Turning to more pressing mal-
lers, Manning commented on the 
Clippers' logjam III the forward p0-
sition, "We're one of the top three 
groups in the league. It doesn't rnat-
ter who starts, everyone will get to 
play." 

Manning's enthusiastic tone mi r-
rored the optimist" point of view of 
his teammates -they all expect big 
things from the team Nothing less 
than a playoffbelth will satisfy these 
guys. "It's a given that we have 
talent. Everyone is worting hard, 
and 1 think that will carry overto the 
games," Manning said. 

Perhaps the highlight of the day 
for Ken was, after talking to Man-
ning, turning and bumping into 
broadcasting idol Stu Lantz. For 
those of you in the Third World and 
the Bay Area, Lantz is the color 

four important players in Celeste 
Deleon, Danielle Placek, Heather 
Sears and Katie Larlcin, the Tritons 
can ill afford to have another player 
go down. 

Two of the injured, Sears and 
Larkin, may begin to play again 
today -a welcome sign forUCSO. 

The Tritons will be looking to 
fine-tune their offense in today's 
game. 

With an attack that causes night-
mares for opposing goalies , 
McManus plans to pul an even 
greater emphasis on the offense as 
his injUred players stan filtcring 
back. 

commentator for that other basket-
ball team in L.A. 

It's a good thing Ken didn't see 
Chick Heam - il saved the cardiac 
unit from the UCSO Medical Cen-
ter a trip out to the ICe. 

On the way out, we stopped to 
talk 10 center Olden Polynice. Be-
sides being traded last year from the 
SuperSonics, Olden has the distinc-
tion of having by far the coolest 
name on the team. 

Peering over the top of the day's 
spans section, Olden exuded confi-
dence over the Clippers chances of 
a successful season and was excited 
overthe team's progress in camp. 

Realizing that an interview with 
Loy Vaught was not to be a reality 

The UCSD Guardian 

"My philosophy is that if you' re 
gong to get beat, get beat 'going 
forwaJd," McManus said. 

The defense has been phenom-
enal this season. recording six shut-
outs so far. "We're a pressure de-
fense. We force mistakes and then 
capitalize on them," McManus ex-
plained 

The Tritons' goal this season isn 't 
to make the playoffs. The only goal 
thai mancrs to UCSD is a national 
championship. 

The next three weeks will an-
swer everyone's questions of 
wltether or not the Tritons are ca-
pable of fulfilling that ambition. 

thi day, we decided to leave. Be-
fore hitting the road, we decided to 
ponderthe Clippers' upcoming sea-
son. 

IfL.A. can improve it 8-33 road 
record , can keep everyone healthy, 
and can ign holdouts James 
Edwards from Detroit and Doc Riv-
ers from Atlanta, they might be able 
to fini h fourth in the competitive 
Pacific Division. lfall the pieces fall 
into place, that ever-elusive playoff 
berth may become a real i ty in 1992. 

Overall , the day seemed to be a 
red-letter day i{l any basketball fan 's 
life. We even got Manning and 
Harper to sign our media guides. 
We wondered how much that would 
increase the retail value. 

Proc~astinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• You Can Sleep Thru It All 
• $50 UCSD Student Discount* 
• Close to Campus with Free Parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 
• Wi,h studenl 10 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN, DDS CAL l Diplomate, American Board of 459-5565 Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 
470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

~ GET InVOLVED ~ 
Revelle College 
Appointments 

• RCC Freshman Rep • A.S. Freshman Rep 
• Revelle Judicial • Other A.S. Committees 

"Oft Info at ~weli. Provost OffIce 
flpplkGtIon Deadll ... : FricICIy. Odober 11 

WELCOME BACK UCSDf 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh, 

cooked-to-order Mexican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LARDS • NO PRESERy.nyU • CHOLESTEROL FREE 

'---1-- ,---, 
I 99¢ I I .:v~~~ I 
LBEEFTACO!,J I with any I 
Iucso co. -I L ~mbination .J 
I ~~~~'I i FREE l 
J. $2991 I"·~~"I L ___ .J I with any Specials I 

.- ~r~the~nu.J 
La Jolla f::olony Plaza 
7770 Rd. 

The 
Princeton Review W, __ 

9 fower s cf! S Jis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

an Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

SPORTS 11 

695-9952 
The 
Princeton Review W'IC ___ 

_FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
~\,'h punh,,,"I.: .aI '10 .... f1~)(\. 
\1" \ "hJ \\Ilh .tft" . hl'f Uffl'f 

I Exp. IQrl&I91 

I. 
· W. Dell ••• 
World Wid<' 

YAKIMONO 

SUSHI AND DAILY SPECIALS 
"Best Teriyaki in Town" 

• ;;;~ ;;:'..J T U C 5 D 5 PEe I A L ~. 

! ~~~~~~ DINNER $399 ! 
• Includesri(e. soIod and iOUp, Noholid wi'" any oIf>er oller. Expires 10/31/91 • 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
La Jolla Colony Plaza " 
77'lJ3 Regents Rd. #501 (Vons Shopping Center) 452·4255 
Ta~e out available. We also affer COloring seNicft. 
HOURS: 11 :30 am·9 pm (Mon.·Thurs." 11 :30 am·l 0 pm (Fr. & Sol.), 5·9 pm Sundays 

und Table Pizza 
WE DELIVER 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
r-- DELIVERY, CARRYOUT OR IN STORE --, 

$11.99 prus l .. 
Fabulous Five 

A Large, Thin Crust 
Pizza with Pepperoni, 
Mushrooms, Olives, 
Green Peppers and 

Onions 
Good Ihru 0..:. 3 1. 1991 orIy.1 
ucso Price Ctnltr/BU1s Eye Towm 

Medium 
Single 
Topping 
Pizza 

Purchase a Medium Pepperoni 
Pizza for $8.99 and get a 

Medium Single Topping Pizza 
for just $4 more, plus tax, 

Good Ihru 0..:. 31. 1991 orIy 01· 
UCSD Price Cenl ... /BIj Eye Towm 

Only one coupon per 1"'.( ., Only one coupon por ., 
0RIer. pk> ..... Not ~ 1 In Ofde<. pie ... Not fttl,. I 
.-.Iid wuh ony odlfr R d WlIId WIth ony ocher R d 
olfer Umllod doIIYety oun oller limited d<liueIy oun 
JteI. area. 

:=Orderil Table, =:"orderl, Table. 
$8.50 300 Pizza 58.50 301 PIZza L ________ -L ________ ~ 



I' , 

, , 

12 CLASSIPIBDS Tbe UCSD Guardian 

AN~JOU i~CEr.'ENTS 
o.nc.. Dence. o.nc.. Under !he 
.... All campua party. Friday. 
0CII0ber 18. 8 p.m.-12 Lm. Price c.. Plaza. Free __ ICe. Come 

. CLASSIFIEDS 
III • p.rn. for deIcIouI drinka. Over 
100 door .".., (10i14-10117) 
GRAD AND TRANSFER STU-
DENTS who ... rnembera 01 PHI 
GAMMA DElTA. GrMl "*9 .. 
going to be hIIppenIng .. UCSO. For 
more info contIICt Erit (452-2001) or 
Jim (481 -3123). (100.10114) 
Two horHIlor 112 ..... in Del MIl. 
English and w.st.rn. $60-80. 
C81h.rine454-6873atter7p.m. (101 
10-1(114) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15 -word increments. Th6 rale per 15 words is $1 for 
stuMms (jor personal lISe only), S3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads mllSt be mailed with a ched (made payable 
to 'The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
righllo refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

Alcohol. Awn".. week into your 
system. Resource Fair Wednesday. 
October 16. 11-2 p.m. Price Center 
Plaza. MADD. DADDS. Mission Bay 
Aquatics. Family Fitness. and more. 
Get a Calistoga and listen to 91X. 
(10110-10114) 
Dance Under the Stars. All Campus 
Party. Friday. Oct. 18.8 p.m.-12 a.m. 
Price Center Plaza Prize.1 (10110-
10114) 
ASiO INTERNSHIP INFOR NIGHT! 
Wednesday. October 16. Price 
Center. DavislRiverside Room. 7-8 
p.m. 534-4689. (10/14) 

RUS~ ALPHA KAPPA PSI -
UCSD's Coed Professional Bu'siness 
Fraternity. For information come to 
our table in the Price Center Monday 
through Friday and to our Info Night. 
Thursday. October 17 at 7 p.m. in 
USB 2622. (10114-10117) 

TOM PETTY is coming to town and 
you cannot miss it. Excellent seats. 
call Max at 483-8387 NOW. (10/14-
10/21 ) 
Rollerbladersl Interested in joining 
club for recreation. racing. etc.? 
Possible corporate sponsor. Call 558-
7373. (10/14) 
Tuesday $1 Monster Margarita Party. 
No cover. Wednesday $1 DrinkNight. 
No cover. Elephant Bar. 587-1993. 
(10/14) 

AIcohoIA ___ Week-Monday. 
12-1 p.m .• Women. Men and Alcohol. 
Gallery A; Tueeday. 12-1 p.m .• How 
to Help a Friend (AIcohoIiIm). Gallery 
A. 5:30-6:30. Scripp. McDonald 
Center speaker. Gallery A. Price 
C.nter; Wednesday. 11-2 p.m .• 
Alcohol Awareness Week Fair wiIh 
91X. Price Center Plaza. 5:30-6:30. 
Straight Tai(About Alcohol. Berkeley 
Room. Price Center. (10/14) 
COME AND SEEI If you are 
seeklng ... a deeper relationship with 
God, a sense of belonging in a faith 
community. a greater fulfillment of 
your mission in life . Con.ider 
becoming part of the CATHOLIC 
FAITH COMMUNITY through the 
RCIA (Rite of Christian Initiation of 
Adults). The CATHOLIC COMMUN-
ITY AT UCSD Is now accepting 
inquirers. Mass schedule: Sat 5 p.m .• 
Sun 8:15 a.m .• 5 and 9 p.m. al 
University Lutheran ChUrch. La Jolla 
Shores Dr. and North Torrey Pines 
Rd. Call LYNN NEU. 534-2521 for 
more information. (10114) 
Help do positive things for our planet 
and our poIiticsl North County Coastal 
Greens meet the third Thursday of 
the month. UnRarian Fellowship. 1036 
Solana Dr .• Solana Beach at 7 p.m. 
753-3899/434-7515. (10114) 
D.C. Pop Quiz 12: Do the Democrats 
have a chance of electing a president 
in '92? Only D.C. Interns will know. 
D.C. Internship forum. Friday. 
October 18. Career Services Center. 
2:30-4 p.m. (10114) 

321111011d11rCt. 
a ............ UCID 
CALL 417-8411 

Take out or order by faxl 
FAX 417-1413 

0,.. 7 ...,., 11 to 11 uc ·$10 __ . 3 .... -.. 
----:-..-:;----:180 La Jolla 

I $1 OFF I $2 OFF II=.L..=-~ .. c-,.~' ~~ 
I Any I Any I -V 
I 3- or 4-pIece I 8- or 12-p1ece I i 
I Combo Dinner I Combo Dinner I ::h==:::::::;~~1 
L E>cp. 11/15/il • Exp. 11/ 15/91 I' 

_______________ -:;.LL ___ LlJ..=..J 

Congratulations and welcome to 
Delta Delta Delta 
Delta Pl~dg" QJass of 1991 ,'~ •. '1>...., .•. 

¥~~-~ .~ • 

E.-ica Bibu " ~a Nnclumbe .-J! 
V i , to "iu Boe~h .,1'. .' .ft: llnift:l· N t: LllllllVet' 

. .lenllift: .· Bt·.i~~t\:' .lLlnkn Ots ukn . 
.I e nn . C"b~l'ni~ Stue)' O y le.· 
Ais lin /.! Cnrl'oil Eliz nbt:lh Piz z .. 
S te phunie; C hifmg, DnnM:lI.: Pomlc.-
Kan!n C lement .I t:(tnif~ · eihm 
Trucy Donsk)~ . .. :' 1 U houcs 
Cm'olinc G reen Ii Ic Rule 
.I c llll ift: r H oI' . '. Gyndi S c lwc iilc.· 
Susan l1n 11" lt i"h n S h u h 
Mdi"Sll Mal1n inJ{ .I n ·qui SIn"in 

n~c l a r-" I :II·tin L m 'issa SWM.k 
.... elly M -Phcl'l>(tn .Icnifct· Stock lon 
I . ca b 1c""11er 
K.-i,ti n MOII~9r . 
Dianu :\Iulhe"in 

:\ltu·~ \V" lkc,' 
Anllc \Vm"in~ 
·T\'Ul'.,'Y Wu 

UCSD Alpine Racjng T.arn Info 
meeting. Thul'lClay. October 17. 7 
p.m. GabaIItt Hal 1148. (10114-101 
17) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bar! - EIedroIogiat: 1200 to 
1500 han per hour. 3258 HolIday 
Court. Student dIecounts. 558-46441 
226-1962. (9123-1215) 
Word processi"lVtyplng: Academic 
manuscripla. papers, th ..... 1etIens, 
resumeS. A.ccurate.1ast 88IVice. Maty 
Ann. 452-9439. (9123-1 (117) 
PASSPORT PICTURES II New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
Germains. 452-99411. (9123-614) 

Professional tutoring . Physics/ 
Mathematics. all courses. Call lor 
rat .. : R. Dubilch. Ph.D. (619) 271 -
9224. (9130-10114) 
Housesitting. 48-year-old woman. 
UCSD grad student. Ref.trences. 
responsible. call Karen. 222-1038. 
(9130-10/24) 
MEDICAL SCHOOL APPliCATION 
PHOTOS. Fast. inexpensive , 
professional - caiIAdam. 566-1631 . 
(10/7-10/17) 
TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING. 
Research papers, theses. 
dissertations. Fast tum around. Free 
campus pickup. Becki. 695-0231 . (101 
7-10/17) 
Experience Mary Kay Cosmetics. Call 
today for your FREE facial and 
glamour makeover. 452-7956. (1 0/7-
10/14) 
WORD PROCESSING. Teachers 
and students. Theses. term papers. 
manuscripts. resumes. Laser printer. 
Call Caroline Starr. 224-3679. (1017-
10/31) 
Take care of your beauty needs right 
here on campus. Try Mary Kay 
Cosmetics. 452-7956. (1017-10114) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word -proce •• ing. 
Engineers/chemi818 - skilled with 
ScientifIC Word Prooesaor. WritelEdit: 
reports. manuscripts. resumes. 
dissertations. Laser Printer. 1521 
SummitAve .• Cardff. FAX: 633-1624. 
VOICE: 753-5964. (10110-11/4) 

LeIbian and Gay Peer CounNIing. 
Have a question? Want someone to 
talk to? N •• d a lupportlv. 
environment? Traln.d p.er 
counseIonI avalIIbIe fOl' IncIvIduaI 
appointm.nts. Contact David 
BIaIbMd .534-3987. (10114-1 (117) 

WORD PROCESSING. $1 .5OIpege. 
R •••• rchl1.rm paper.. th •• e •• 
reeu",... Laaer printer. Delivery MB-
W. Suaan. 454-7689. (10114-10124) 

WANTED 
Retail clothing aaIespeopIe. All shifts 
available. Urique opportunity with fast 
growing company. Apply with 
APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE. 6250 
Camino Santa Fe .• Ste 1. San Diego 
92121 (Miramar area). 450-3324. (91 
23-1215) 
BEING FIT is hiring experienced 
a.robic teache,. for Clairemont 
location. Flexible hours. Call Lenny. 
483-9294. (9123-1215) 
FAST FUNDRAlSERI $1000.IWeek. 
Gre.k.. clubs. anyone. No 
investment (800) 748-6817 ext 50. 

(~10114) 

" FUNDRAISER NATIONWIDE. 
Your fraternity. sorority. or other 
campus group can .am between 
SSOO-$1000 in less than 7 days. You 
pay absolutely nothing. Call : 1-800-
735-20n Ext. 3. (9123-10128) 
GUITAR PLAYER looking to joinlform 
bane!. Will be playing many styles but 
predominantly hard rock. Creativity 
and desire to play originals a plus. 
Drummers. bassists. singers give me 
a calli Ask for D~ve. 458-0971 . (9130-
10117) 
CDs. cassettes. VHS movies. Top 
$$$ paid. Music Trader. 7094 Miramar 
Rd. (693-1469). (9I3().1215) 
House cleaners. $5 to $8 per hour. 
car. phone. some experience, good 
ref. Cel259-8731. (1013-10128) 
Indonesian language Mor needed. 
Fee negotiable. Call any time. Vk:ky. 
587-9414. (1017-10114) 

Spring Break '92 Rape Wanted. H2O 
Houseboatats lOokIng for reps for our 
Lak. H.vasu Hous.boat Spring 
Break Program. Earn commission 
and a tree trip. 1-800-242-2628. (101 
10-1(114) 

1),,,<'I),,nl ~fN)(1 ,ut .l~ 01,111'1 11t·.'II~·n" 
.1" ~'1i.h" IC)( 'MIt' hIli )hU 

AlITA 
fRHCONSUllAl10N 
454-(,980. - \ - I'(wl St 
SI,' :tJll·.j 1.1 ~)II., 
Om.r ~rIIi<,,.;: 
• I'j , 

Monday, October 1., 1991 

Summer management internship . inter__ now taking place. Gain 
valuable .xperience managing a 
..." 01 8ft1IIoyeee. cuetomerI and 
auppIera. Mejority 01 . hiring .. be 

~ bV' November. Aver11g8 
gra. prall .$11..,. c.II Tr1JIe 'A' 
SIudInIp..,.rorlnbmllionnow. 

1~1. (1011~118) 

...... cIoChIng 1"llpeopIe (MIF). 
OutIItelcnlnt.lt.". .... Allhifla 
... 1iIIbIe.CauII~. Apply 

~o.vwZone.8250c.nIno 
s.nta Fe. Ste 1. San DIego 12121. 
450-3324. (10110-10124) 
VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 
aui8I8nt director wanted. Ten InI 
week. paid position. I.adership 
le.poi.... Pick up Ippiclliol. 
and job dNii", at !he Volunleef 
Connection office. third floor 01 the 
Price Center. 534-1414. (10114) 

Earn $1001 Healthy right-handed 
c... I nm .... ged 18-28need8d 
for a ItUdy of !he ey8bInk reflex. 
Study requlr_ 3 weekday viBIIII to 
UCSD Medical Cent., over • two-
month period. C.II 543-24945 for 
information. (10114) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
poaitiona. Great benefltl. Call (805) 
682-7555. Ext. P-3387. (10114) 

FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
cruiaeships. Students also needed 
Christmas. Spring. and Summer for 
Amusement Park employment Cal 
(805) 882-7555 Ext. F-3147. (10114) 
Right-handed. native English 
apeakers needed for brain wave 
study. $15 for 2 hours . For 
information. please call V.I.rie 
HardcaatIe 81453-41 00 x422 or 748-
2592. (10114-10117) 
Acoustic guita(iatlslnger looking for 
olherserious hobbyisl8 to play Indigo 
Girls. Simon. and other acoustic felt-
rock music. Call BIll 634-0312. (101 
14-10117) 

FOR SALE 
ANYTIME COMPUTER. geared to 
students. 5% discounts. immediate 
home and office service. 12925 
Pomerado Rd.A. Poway. 486-3067/ 
484-6180. See our ad for details. (9/ 
30-10121) 
1st TECH - Computer Software. all 
name brands. all wholesale pricing. 
Hardware. leasing. consuhing. home 
delivery. Special STUDENT 
DISCOUNT. 595-4827 La Jolla and 
downtown. (9130-10131) 
Minolta X370n camere body. New in 
January •• xcellent condition. All 
manual. $150. Call Amy. 546-8640. 
(1()13.10/14) 

Bunnies for sale. Adorable. baby pet 
Flemish Giant bumies. $25 cash. 
459-6795. (100.10114) 

New and colorful boxspring and 
maIIreu. $70 obo. Joaeph at 453-
5826. After 7 p.m. (1017-10114) 

1987 Honda Elite 80 Scooter. Fun. 
8COI1OI'f1Ic:8I~. $8OO0b0. 
Daytime: 552-3086. evenings: 272-
8643. (1017-10114) 

One-way tick.t through San' 
Franciaco to Slockton. 7:30p.m. Dec. 
14th (Winter br.ak) $551 Call 
Jeannine. 453-4923. (1017-10121) 

1980 V.W, Rabbit. Good condition. 
$1500. Call Hatim. 454-4966. 
~. (10110-1CV14) 

Futon - twin-sa. mattress and 
frame. Excellent condition. $9$ cash 
only. 942-9014. (1011~10114) 

Compaq DeskprollBM compatible 
computer with printer and software. 
SSOOJbest offer. Ann. 541-2450. (10/ 
10-10/17) 

Monday, October 1., 1991 

SURFBOARD: 6·6"x11"x20·x14"x 2 
318-. squuMail thrulter. dove. 
excelent condition. bag and leash. 
$160. Jack 534-5798 (w) or 453-
2334 (h). (10114-10117) 

Mac portable. 2MB. 40MB. modem. 
loaded w/ programs. laserwriter +. 
can for info. $31o%bo. 525-8111 . 
(10114-1 (117) 

For sale : Toshiba microwave 
(medium) 500 watt. $40; Panasonic 
answering machine. $15. 483-5346. 
(10114-10117) 

Beautiful oak waterbed and 
headboard with all accessories plus 
optional air mattress. A .teal at $200/ 
obo. Aonce-used North Face internal 
frame backpack. Great for Europe. 
$1251obo. Chris. 481-4127. (10/14-
10/17) 

JVC 25W AMlFM digital synthesizer 
receiver and JVC dolby/ANRS dual 
cassette deck. I'm moving. $120 for 
both or $65 separately. Perfect for 
dorm room. Ask for Greg. 587-6097. 
(10/14-10128) 

Futon and frame - finished maple 
wood with arms. 2-position. excellent 
condition. $150. 587-1769. (10114-
10/17) 

CAR RADIO: Sony XR7307 puN oul 
with CD changer controIIIapeItuner. 
Sony CDAX30 1O-CD changer. Paid 
$950. win 1811 for $650. Call 270-
8918. (10114-10117) 
1985 Honda Allro 60 scooter. Fun, 
economicai transportation. In good 
shape. $350. Aaron. 456-3825. (101 
14-10121) 
Racing bike - Vitus aluminum. 56 
em .• fun Campy SR. Cateye Solar 
computer. $550. Joe. 296-8706. (10/ 
14-10121) 
REFRIGERATOR: Perfect for dorms 
or smd apartments. Has freezer. 
One year old. Call Seth, 792-1249. 
$1350b0. (10114-10/17) 
Round kitchen table. new. dark finish . 
4' diameter. easily disassembled for 
transport. $30. Jessica. 457-1990. 
(10114-10117) 

HOUSING 
Room available in beautifullJniversity 
City house only minutesfromcampus. 
Pool. jacuzzi. 2 fireplaces. parking . 
basketball COWl. washer/dryer. $425 
plus 114 utilities. 453-7610. (10114-
10/24) 
ASAP: Female roommate(s) needed 
for single room with balcony ($330/ 
mol or master bedroom with own 
bath and balcony ($5501mo.) in condo 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommates wantedll need 2 people 
(females preferred) to share master 
bedroom with attached bath in 
furnished apartment for $280 each 
plus 1/3 utUilies. Walklbike to school. 
close to busline, Ralph·s. park. Pool, 
jacuzzi. microwave. dishwasher, 
laundry facilities. Quiet area, nice 
view. Available nowl Call to come 
see. Alicia. 452-2480. (10114-10/17) 

STUDENTS - large 3 bedroom 
condo (pool . tennis. etc.) in nearest 
developmenl to school. Quiet and 
private. Asking $219.000. ADVISE 
YOUR PARENTS - improved study 
environment . shorter commule -
bettergradesl459-5942 (broker) . (10/ 
14-10117) 
Unfurnished 2 bed 1 bath upstairs 
apt 200 yards from campus. Ocean 

. side. Quiet. New. Non·smoker. Bright. 
carport. Prefer one. grad student. 
professor. $900 including utilities. 
cable. Call weekends or leave 
message. Ph. 450-1765. (10/10-101 
14) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Brown leatherwallet lost in Male Gym 
locker 1019. Please return to Cage. 
No questions. (10114) 

PERSONALS R .... rch mlcrolCope. Olympus 
Trinocular with camera; optical 
micrometer; extra eyepieces and 
objectives; opaque ~Iumination with 
polarized light; to 2000x 011 immersion. 
Original owner. Call Kelly early 
evenings at 792-n88. (10/14-10124) 

near UCSD. Has patio. washer/dryer. TEMPORARY TATTOOS. Assorted 
fireplace. par1<ing. pool. Close to Vens • tattoos for Halloween. Look like real! 
(Regents) and bus stop (34A). Please Last for daysl Waterproof! Non-toxicl 
call 457-2552. (10114) To order. send SASE to Tom Bahr. 

SEIZED CARS. trucks. boats. 4-
wheelers. motorhomes. by FBI. IRS. 
DEA. Available your area now. call 
(805) 682-7555 Ext. C-1199. (10/14) 
REPOSSESSED AND IRS 
FORECLOSED HOMES available at 
below market value. Fantastic 
savingsl You repair. Also S&L bailout 
properties. Call (805) 882-7555 Ext 
H-1443. (10114) 

Red Honda Elite LX scooter. 1 year 
old. mint condo $500 obo. Rob. 453-
7687. (10114) 

1986 Honda Elite scooter 8Occ. seats 
two. red. new battery. 1050 miles. 
$750 obo. 457.8Q86. (10/14-10/17) 
Guitars: Acoustic steel string. perfect 
condilien. new strings. $85. 12-string 
guitar. perfect. $155. 452-2085. (101 
14-10131) 

New skis. Pre M6 1990 brand new 
210 em. $300. Call Ian at 558-7325. 
(10114-10124) 

'66 Mustang convert. V8. 3-spd. 
comptete restoration. Aebuih engine 
(289). $9400 obo. 695-9583 (eves). 
(10114-10124) 

Master bedroom in Clairemont house. 
$24S/month plus 1/4 utilities . 
Fireplace. washer/dryer, frontlback 
yards. Near UCSD campus. Sharon. 
632-5640. (1017-10131) 
Roommate wanted: Fully furnished. 
two bedroom. near campus. $250 
per month. Cal 558-n12. Lee/Jay. 
(10/10-10121) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
master bedroom. Beautiful condo 
across street from campus. Call 450-
~.(lav10-1av14) 

Room for rent in Tierrasanta house. 
New house with all appliances. cable. 
and nice backyard. Quiet area 15 
minutes from campus. $310/month 
plus 1/4 utilities. 467-9742. (10/10-
10/17) 
Nice residential 3 bedroom house for 
rent. 94 Hwy and Kelton. $800. 479-
2787.495-0529. (10/10-10/17) 
Master bedroom in La Jolla Colony 
condo available IMMEDIATELY for 
2Ml2F. Private balcony. large walk-
in closet. bath/shower. Rent includes: 
ALL FURNISHINGS. ALL UTILITIES. 
private garage. VCR. cable TV. 
washer/dryer. pooVspa. refrigerator. 
microwave. $3501person. Can 587-
0143. leave message. (10/3-10/14) 

Engoy ~e Nights? 
Are you gud speier? 

Do you wanna be the first one to read the 
Guardian? We're luking for an asoseate copy 
editer to help ketch our misteaks_ If you think: 
you might be able to help out we'd like to talk 

to you! 

CIIancee aN tIuIt If you found HMI'III m ..... In 
thl. ad you could be of HrvIce to the UCSD 

Guardian, Apply to be the A8eocIate Copy Editor. 
SUbmit • ,.... .... and cover letter to Jason Snell. 

UCSD Guardian, 9&00 Gil ..... Drive, 03:1.8, La Jolla, 
CA 120D03:L8. 2nd floor of the Old Student 

Center. Applications due by FrIdIIy, October 18 at 3 
p.m. For more IlIforIMtIon call 11341 8180 and .. 

for Jaon or Robin. 

2737la Salle. MI. View. CA. 94040. 
(10/3-10114) 
HOLD OUT FOR THE BEST. Beta 
Theta Pi fraternity will hold its 
inaugural founding father rush starting 
Oct. 14. Help start a national tradition. 
It will be well worth your wail. (10/7-
10114) 
Seeking TM meditators to create 
campus coherence with student 
organization. Leave name. number 
at 551 -8711 . (10/10-10/14) 
Shop for a study program in another 
county at Ouest International!! Friday, 
October 18 at the International 
Centerl (10114) 

Dance under the Stars. All campus 
party. Friday. October 18. 8 p.m.-12 
a.m. Price Center Plaza. Prizes! (101 
14-10117) 
RUSH ALPHA KAPPA PSI -
UCSD's Coed Professional Business 
Fraternity. For information QOme to 
our table in the Price Cenler Monday 
through Friday and to our Info Night. 
Thursday. October 17 at 7 p.m. in 
USB 2622. (10/14-10/17) 

What exactly does thaI stuff do to the 
paint on the wall? (10/14) 

RAISING 
For your 'r.t~rn/tr 

sorority, team or otlt.r 
campus organization. 

AUOWmr_ 
.vur..", II ..... ' 

CALL 1·800·950·8~72 ,,"I 50 

Research Volunteers 

STRESSED OUT? 
FREE research aLudies evalua t -
ing m.!dirations are available to 
people Buffering (rom anxiety. 
Symptoms include worrying too 
much. being unable to relax. in-
so mn ia . s tomach proble ms, 
mU8I:Ie aches. feeling tense. a nd 
difficulLy concent rating. Suitable 
volunt.eera benefitfrom frce medi-
cation. lab testa. physicals and 
psychiatric evaluations. Studies 
al80 available for depreaaion. Call 
for a confidentia l evaluat ion. 

[J3Lffi ~~~ 554·0100 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

LSATl GRE 
classes slart 

Oct 26. 
Sign up nowl 

WE CHAllENGED KAPlAN 
TO COMPARE THEIR 
RESULTS TO OURS: 

LSAT: 9 points 
GMA T: 90 points 
GRE: 230 points 
avenae soore improvanmtl 

NOT SURPRISINGLY, 
THEY DECUNED. 

For The Best Prep 
Call 695-9952 
The 
Princeton Review 

w~ 'C(Jf",morl 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

~~'I . 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
Call for detaijs ' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed!. 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Nol a lel1llOlary walar lOsS : fIaGJCe cellulie and streich marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
_~...-... ..... 455-0909 El plr •• 1 1/1 ~1 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full servIce prices reg. $21-$26 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service. it's 
best to come in on weekdays. 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla t CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 



,,. 

14 SPOR.TS The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 14, 1991 

'. : THE WEEK' IN SPORTS . - ; 
- OCTOBER' 7 =-.- OCTOBER 13'~' , . 

SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 
---- ------------

~ MEN'S SOCCER 
,. 84jbeat Sl Mary's (MN) 5{) 

~ WOMEN'S SOCCER -
,. Wi/next game today against Cal Baptist 

~ WOMEN'S VOUIYBAU 
,. 15-6/avenged earlier loss to Cal Poly Pomona 

~ MEN'S WATER POLO • 
,. 12-8/went 1-2 at the Bruin Cup in Westwood 

UPCOMING EVENTS 

INTERCOUEGIATE SPORTS 

Date 

Oct. 14 

~ 
Oct. 16 

Event TIme 

W. Soccer v. Cal Baptist 3:00 p.m. 
W. Voll all v. Chaminade HL 7:00 p.m. 
W. Soccer at Cal Poly Pomona 5:00 p.m. 
M. Soccer at Cal Poly Pomona 
~olleyball at Occidental 

7:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. D.I McOowelVa... .. 

Mike Alberts (front) scored two goals against St. Mary·s. 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

_---:EB 

At the official NBA slam dunk training center in 
Oxnard. ~. 

Oct. 18 ' Fencing: USFA Junior Circuit Meet 
~ at Palo Alto 

r Oct. 19 r Fencing: USFA Junior C~rcUlt Meet 
Cross Country at Cal Poly SlO Invite 

I 
Swimming and DIVing: v. Fresno St. J 

All Day 
All Day 
8:30a:m.l 

--1 
Noon j 

CROSS COUNTRY 

DlviIIoOIllI Men's c... CouIItJy 
1,,11~ 
."So,O_n 
..... IdooI ,.. 

THIS DAY IN UCSD SPORTS HISTORY 
9. w .... -90 
10 

-. 18 IL w_ 11 
U 0<_ 15 

I _ 159 11 en.... 52 W. Soccer v. CSU San Bernardino I W. Volleyball v. 3:00 p.m. 2 _1.00..... III 3. __ III 
• No1I tMtII ~ 

\. HollO 50 
IS 

~ __ M 
49 

16 • .... .2 

f 

CSU Dominguez Hills 
Oct. 20 Water Polo v. UC Irvine 

M. Soccer at Claremont 
--, 

Oct. 21 
Oct. 22 
Oct. 23 
Oct. 24 
Oct. 25 

Oct. 26 

1 

Fencing: USFA JUnior CirCUit Meet 
at Palo Alto 
M. Soccer v. Biola 
W. Volleyball at POlntloma 
M. Soccer at UC Irvine 
Water Polo v. Chamlnade 
Water Polo v. Cal 
W. Soccer at Redlands 
Water Polo v. UCSD Alumni 
W. Volleyball v. 
CSU San Bemardino 

t
· Water Polo at 4ger InVitational 

W. Soccer v. Azusa Pacific 
Cross Country: UCSD Decade of 
Excellence 5K 

7:00 p.m. 
Noon 
1:00 p.m. 

All Day 

!o1O~ __ ~lo<lMlO 120 

""~ 120 1 ~tIll III 
I ' __ !'tit 101 9. ~ 91 

lon.~_ 88 
....... 88 

11 Gr..... 61 
13 1t_1IN1 53 14 ~_ 0 

3:30 p.m. 1~. '-" SuIo 38 
, 16 ucs"o..p 14 

7:30 p.m. I 11 -Colote 32 
I 18 _SUIt 28 3:00 p.m. 19 ua.rc l/IoI 20 

20 .... 19 
3:30 p.m. I Olvilloo III Women 's Cross Country 
3:00 p.m. T.,20R-,. 

1 .tlso,I_2l 3:00 p.m. ..... lQoof ,... L •• _ m 4:30 p.m. 2. _ 51.. ~5 
1 

1 """"""" c.o... 1'1 
4 ~ 131 

7:00 p.m. ~ =.. ~ 7. _~_ 105 
All Day a. S4. _IMNJ 99 
Noon 

W. VOLLEYBALL 
RESUlTS 

H. "",,,,,nM...,.. 
18 StOIoI 
19. ChcoI'I 
20. ucs.. Doop 

WATER POLO 

RESUlTS 
IIUCta_c., 
usc 13 lUI" Ooeat 9 

I UQ,\ 13 \JC s.t1lloF 9 UCs..~17 uc_s 

JJ 
27 
23 
11 

MEN'S SOCCER 

FENCING 

RESUlTS 
IlCSMIII4II_ 
I~ r_ onIrl- .... ·,Iot Gt¥It _117< 
..... _aI1:1_~. llf1;-._ 
1&11: 10m _ 2UI. _ s lot Roa.w 

Clutch CoachIng 
Records and winning percentages 
of men's soccer head coaches 

eo.ch Y ... R-.II 
Derell AtmslIong '8:2,'90 14336-15 
T re Coorique 'SO-'S1 9-17·2 
Ste'l{art Hayes '77-'79 15-25-3 
lIan Rothmuelier 1976 5-6-1 
Rod Geiger 1975 6-3-1 

Pet. 
.737 
.357 
.384 
.458 
.650 

M. Soccer v. Westmont 
9:00 a.m. 
2:00 p.m. 

1I_v..w -. Col ""_ 
UCSOG.~ 1s.8. 1~1.1;'3 
UCSOG.CoII'ot'_ ~IS. 15U~$IO. ~LO 

lIellAla\ 611. _lpIt: Oro~. 9111; YRI 
~ 11111. 00nJi iIoIdI.l5ih; 10M r-. 187\ 
__ o.n .... Ml.8In:1ri_.I3111:_ 
-. 15111: Jeff SchIInIrI. 111\ 

_1an_199O. _ UCSOSjlotts ___ 

0\\ ,,":,::"v ~hings c''''''''!~'~dn>I',,1t you .Just call'. ynurdr~'l·le.mil1 h · ri ckup live ... , ..... " 
groceries. Do yllllr b.lnking. our ""j ~~ Q 
d ieti ng. Your art frelming. And . I._p no:'\'t:'r move your eM. ...~ If you 're hungry f(lr an illl-you-
cn n-eilt treat, come In I he Soup 
Exe ....... Pi ck McDonaltl's with 
pl .l:-dnnd to keep eve ryone in till' 
family hilppV. Tn -;.ltisiy your 
craving for" go()(.i book, ~hop 
Iookstar. Looking f(lr ,1 gl)(ld 
buy? Th. Men'. W •• rho ••• \\'ill 
~ lIit you fine . And eli! thL' C(lll1 iort~ 
of home, are wiliting .It PI.r 1 
' .. ports. 

COSTA VERDE 
For <111 tl\U~e everyday things 

th.lt llSU.llly t.lke 10 trip~ , take ,1 
s hortc llt in~te,ld . E.1sil' r living i!-' 
rij.,-ilt ,lruund the curner. 

At Cost.l Verde. 
Corner uf Cene~t.·e & 
La Joll" ViII.tge Drive. 
-t ;\H-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 

Monday, October 1",1991 The UCSD Guardian 15 

APPLICA nONS A v AILABLE AT: ASUCSD Office. Chancellor's Office, 
College Dean's Office, GSA Office, EDNA, and School of Medicine 
Meet current Student Regent Diana Darnell, Oct. 16. 12 noon, Leader hip 
Chambers. 3rd Floor, Price Center. 
For more info, call 534-4083 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center. Third Floor 

ASUCSD FILM SERIES 
BOYZ N THE HOOD 
Thursday, October 17 
6:30,9:00, II :30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1 .00. tickets at Box Office 

GET INVOLVED/CREATE A MONSTER OF A FESTIVAL 
BECOME A CAMPUS WIDE COMMJITEE STUDENT REP 
APPLY FOR SUN GOD FESTIVAL OR CULTURE QUEST CHAIR 
Applications available at the 3rd floor of Price Center 
THE DEADLINE HAS BEEN EXTENDED! 
Last day to apply on Friday. OctOber 18. at 4:30 pm 
For further infonnation please call the Associated Students at 534-4450 

AMERICAN SOCIETY OF CIVIL ENGINEERS 
invites everyone interested in engineering to attend an informational meeting. 
Thursday. October 17, at 6:00 pm 
Price Center - Library Lounge 

$$$ MONEY. MONEY. MONEY • . 
STUDENT ORGANIZA nON FINANCE BOARD 
CULTURAL PROGRAMMING BOARD 
Positions available. contact your college councils or the A.S., 534-4450. 
(S college representatives for each board & 2 from A.S.) 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, October 16. from 6:30 - 8:00 pm at the Half Dome Lounge, 
(in the Muir Apartments) Please join us! 
BIO·MED ENGINEERING SOCIETY 
FIRST GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, October 16. from 4:00 - 5:00 pm 
Engineering Building 5101 

CIRCLE K MEETING 
Interested in volunteer work? Meeting people? Gaining leadership and social 
skills? 
Everyone is welcome! 
Monday, October 14th, at 7:00 pm 
Gallery B (Price Center) 
MULTI·CULTURAL ENRICHMENT PROGRAM 
Wednesday, October 16. 5:00 - 6:00 pm 
Warren Commons 
All welcome to meet people, learn about programs for the year, 
and muncfl FOOD 

PRE·MED CLUB AT UCSD MEETING 
Wednesday";' October 23, 5:00 pm 
DavislRiverside Room 
Speaker: Hyperleaming on their MCAT Review Course 

SURF CLUB 
Meeting Thursday. October 17, 7:30 pm 
Galbraith Hall Auditorium 
Video ct RefreIhmcnts 
info: 546-9304 

VCSD WATERSKI CLUB 
Hey all you aIwd-stien: 
come to our rll'lt meeting of the year on Wednesday, October 16,7:00 pm 
Gallery A at the Price Center 

S NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated 
hldeall 01 VCSD. To have .. advertilement placed in AS 

WSn..ASHES, PIcIwL:.'orm oullkle the AS Secretary's door, 
floor, PrIce Cater. dllne is every Wedlltlday at DOOR. 

dvertllelnents are .. b to aYaH.bilit • 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
CWD Film Series - 1991 
CHILDREN OF THE LEFT 
Friday, Oclober 18,7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREE! 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
ASIO INFO NIGHT 

Let us help you gain the work experience you need in order to increase your 
opportunities for post-graduate employment. 
Internships are available in various fields of interest, or you may request (0 
develop your own internship. 
• Art & Communication • Environmental Studies 
• Biology & Health • Computers 
• Business • Law & Polit ics/Government 
• Economics & Managemenl • Human Services 
• Education • Science & Technology 
• Engineering • Urban Affairs 

GUEST SPEAKERS: 
Holly Berry, WANG LaboralOries, Inc., 
Mike McCarthy. County of SO Community Involvement Office 

Wednesday, October 16, 7:00 - 8:00 pm 
Price Center, Davis/Riverside Room (Right next to the Gameroom) 

Thm...,Od.17 -FUm -~ -N· The- Hood- @, 
Priat CeraIBrTheater 
6::IJ~ 9:00. 11::JJpm It 

t! .. * F.ridayCkt.18 -IJANCE INlIER .. IE 9IAJIB .. 
~ Prim Center Plaza 8pm - Midnight ( 

dj 1Dusk.lDDCktails. over 170 door prizes~must 
be JlD*ilt to win) 

Span..m by: AkDhol &: SuIJsIame Abuse Corum .. Pspologia.1 
&- CounselingServims. Student Safety Awareness ~ GSA. 

ASUCSD~ Student Health Savkes. Revelle. Muir. Third. Warnm. 
&- Fifth CaUep ,..-----------------------------1 I I I ALCOHOL AWARENESS I 

1 WEEK ! 
I I!tUIfII I 
I I I Info SeSSions '91 I 
j Mon. Oct 14 .-;:,:;:.~~~:-& Alcohol I I Gallery A I 
j TU .. ~~t 1-;"--' ~~:~::~::-: ::~: • " 

a.nery II -.-... : ,,_ .11 ......... ~ " ...... 
t2·1 Aic ......... -.... ....... _c-_. 

....................................... 

TUli Ocl IS Film: Dtnial? Not Me G. "'1 A ,,. ••• r: IU. I .... " 5:3'.':30 ,.,.". ,.., •••• 11 c, ••• , ,., 
AI •••• U ••• D ••• A ..... Tr .. ' •••• 

_._---_.-.-._._.-

Wed, Oct 16 Straiabt Talk About Alcohol BerkeJeyRm 
$ ........ u ".., .... hft'_1rIc ''''_ • !rill " ... • .-..,., AIr_ a s. ....... A_ , •• c .. _ 

Thur., Oct 17 
S.nta Barb.r. 

Room, 12·' 

Fra. Oct II 
S. ..... 'b.,. 

IM_. Il-I 

Alcohol & Your Fr1ends: 
The Hidden Factor 
Speel(r. Frenll Caruel 



( 

16SPOllTS 

A Day in Heaven -
Or Wrth the Clippers 

Editor' s /late,' Staff W"iter 
GreKg Wrenll recelllly accompa-
nied 0111' l/istillgllisheti colulllnist 
to tire Los AfI.~eles Clippers' 
traillillg camp ill scenic La Jolla 
and co-wrote this article. 

WE AWOKE LAST MONDAY eagerto begin yet another day of enlight-
enment and illlcilect at [his fine 
institution we call horne. But fir-it 
the moming ritual: a hearty bowl 
of Froot Loops and the LA. Times 
pons section. 

"Jeepers!" Gregg vociferated 
-lillie pieces of Froot Loops 
nying from his trembling lips. 
"The Clippers are in town!" 

Thus began OUI odyssey to 
meet these goliaths of the 
profes~lonal ba:.ketball world. 

may, maybe we did embellish 
a bit. 

After contacting the lipper..' 
public rellllions slllff, we discov-
ered the Clippers were c noucting 
workouts at the La Jolla Jewish 
Community Center. We set off on 
our adventure. not knowing what 
to expect. 

We alTived at what we thought 
was the correct place only to 
realize that we didn't know where 
the hell we were. While contem-
plaLing our si lUmion. we realized 
the irony of our predicament: just 
as we were s truggling ro find our 
w'ly. the lippers have also found 
thel11~elves lost in the bollOI11 of 
the Pacific Division. You begin to 
think about these thing:-. after 
taking too many literature classes. 

A FIl'R CUlTlNO through the nursery school playground. 
we finally located th . gym. 
Stepping through the door. we 
were excited as we passed the 
likes of Elgin Baylor and Bill 
Walton on the way to our floor 
level seats - litemlly on the floor 
of the gym. 

The Clippers staned to 
scrimmage as we sat down and 
were told to wait for the end of 
practice for interview. We were 
promptly issued copies of the 
1991 -92 Clippers media guide-
a seven dollar retail value. 

Sining there in our front row 
sealS. tl)'ing 10 pick out the likes 
of Danny Manning and Ron 
Harper. we were struck by the facl 
that even though they finished last 
eason at 31 -51. the Clippers play 

with a certain sal"oir1aire. 

O FI' ON the other side of the coun, So Kimble pedaled 
furiously on an exercise bike. So 
will be on the bike for a while 
longer. According to Head Tminer 
Keith Jones, Kimble will be out 
for another three or four weeks in 
order to keep the tress fracture in 
his foot from developing into a 
bigger problem. 

Finally, the scrimmage ended and 
the media was unleashed onto the 
players. We, along with several other 

See CARD, Page 11 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

The Tritons went 1-2 at the Bruin Cup, beating UC Riverside 17-5. 

Goliath, Not David 
• In this parable, the UCSD men's water polo 
team come close, but still falls to USC, UCLA 
By Ken Perlman 
Associate Sports Editor 

We' ve all heard the clich~s 
about David and Goliath. Per-
hapsthemostfamou ofall spons 
analogies_ it seems only filling 
that Denny Harper, head coach 
of the UCSD men's water polo 
team. would use it 10 describe 
the Triton~' performance this 
weekend at the 1991 Bruin Cup. 

Thi time, however. David 
didn't beat the giam but merely 

made him a linle nervous. The 
Tritons dropped two games to 
perennial water polo power-
houses USC and UCLA, each by 
a 13-9 margin. 

But the weekend wasn't a to-
tal wash. UCSD made a little 
history, as well as rolling over 
Western Water Polo Associa-
lion rival UC Riverside 17-5 to 
finish the weekend 1-2. 

UCSD opened up Saturday's 
See W. POlO, Page 10 

Monday, October 14,1991 

Spirits W-rth UCSD, 
Not St. Mary's 
• Men's soccer hammers 
the Cardinals 5-0 as the 
race for NCAA tourney 
spots heats up 
By Andy G_yton 
Senior Staff Writer 

You had to pity SI. Mary' Col-
lege (MN) Sunday afternoon. At 
least somebody had to. because the 
UCSDrnen's soccer team was way 
too busy ruining the day for the 
Cardinals with a 5-0 blowout. 

The fun didn't really stan until 
24 mmutes into the game when Mike 
Lodoen finally punched through the 
Cardinals' stubbom defense. 

The ball ailed into the center on 
a cross. Chri Romey took the first 
ShOl, only to have it spat right back 
at him. Lodoen followed up on the 
deflection, forcing the goal down 
SI. Mary's throat and putting the 
Triton ahead 1-0. 

The puny roared into full swing 
in the second half. Lodoen's score 
seemed to break the back of the 
Cardinal defense. It did manage to 
rebound, but la[e in [he second half 
after the damage had been done. 

Mike Alberts padded UCSD's 
1-0 lead with back-Io-back goals. 
He booted in his first after laking 3 
cross from Romey. 

Mike Gerhardt 

Then Alberts blew the game wide 
open after capitalizing on a comer 
kick from Mike Gerhardl. Albens, 
who has been rather quiet the pasl 
two weeks, came back ferociously, 
netting twO of three shots on goul-
that was three more shots than the 
entire Cardinal team. 

Romey proved he coulddosome-
thing other than assist by nailing yet 
another Triton goal on an unassisted 
breakaway [0 put UCSD ahead 4-0. 

And that was it for the staners. 
Head Coach Derek Armstrong 
pulled most of his regulars. leaving 
a few, like Brian Sonnichsen, who 

See M. SOCCER. Page 10 

UCSD Bucks Broncos in FIVe Games 

Dan McDowelUCiuwIMI 
Setter Julie Fabian (ieft)was named 
to the AII-Tournament team. 

• Women's volleyball avenges earlier loss to Cal 
Poly Pomona in fmals of Bronco Volleyball Classic 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

In piring memories - in the 
mind of Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik at least - of last year's 
NCAA Division \JJ championship 
match, the UCSD women's volley-
bailleam came OUI on the plus ide 
of an old-fashioned rumble Satur-
day. The Triton downed Cal Poly 
Pomona 9-15, 15-8, 9-15, 15-10, 
15-10 in the finals of the Bronco 
Volleyball Qassic. 

For the Tritons, it was redemp-
tion for a bitter loss just one week 
earlier [0 those same Broncos. In 
that march,the Tritons led the founh 

game 7 -0 before coming apart at the 
seams and dropping their fourth 
match of the year . . 

Exactly how much that loss had 
to do with it is open to question, but 
the fact remains that UCSD went 
inlo a three-game tailspin after that 
match - a tailspin that they finally 
managed to pull out of this week-
end. 

"We felt we owed them one:' 
Dannevik said. "We really went out 
and won the match." 

UCSD opened the tournament 
with a three-game cakewalk over 
Pennsylvania 15-8,15-7,15-3. That 
set up the big showdown with the 

Battered Tritons Keep 
Focus On Cal Baptist 
• Preview: Women's 
soccer warms up for 
road trip with Lancers 
By Grea Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's soccer 
team has a problem that most 
teams would like to have: the 
factthat. 3t8-0-1. it is undefeated 
and has been dominating the 
league this season. 

Going into IOday's contest 
against California Baptist College, 
the Tritons have to be careful not to 
overlook the less-than-imposing 
Lancers. 

Following the Cal Baptist game, 
the Tritons begin the toughest pan 
of their schedule - games against 
Division I San Diego Stale, Divi-
sion 0 Cal Poly Pomona and Cal 
State Dominquez Hills, and Divi-
sion m Cal State San Bernardino. 

It's these games thai Head Coach 
.Brian McManus said "will really 
show us if we can play or not." . 

Broncos (ranked eighth in Division 
II). 

One of the things that had con-
cemed Dannevik the most during 
the three-game losing streak. was 
what he perceived to be a lack of 
tenacity and intensity on the Tri-
tons' part. 

"We hadn 'I been as tough in the 
clutch as we needed to bc;," he said. 

UCSD's chance tQ remedy that 
situation came early and often 
against the Broncos. After falling 
behind 1-0 and then 2-1, Dannevik, 
as he is wont to do, began to tinker 
with the line-up, First, he started to 
rotate outside hillers Stacie Sasaki, 
Liz 1tesanovic and Dana Simone. 

"We wanted to keep fresh legs in 
See W. V-BAU., Page 9 

With a record like lhal, the 
Tritons need to keep their focus 
on the next game and be careful 
not to gel too confident. 

CSUSB is the only blemish on 
See W. SOCCER, Pece 11 Jenelle Welling has allowed three &0815 and recorded six shutouts. 



, 

Getting Off Your Can mall Plan" requiriDl a ~ percenI mandaIory recyclin, nile by 199' 
(SO pertenl by the )'QI' 2000). or 
cilia face rmes of up to $10.000 

million people in the city of San 
Diego, thaI·s a 101 of stuff. Just 
iJna&ine if each penon recycled 
four aluminum cans per week-
lhIt's 4.8 million cans beina 
RlCyclcd. which is equivalenlto 
the amount of energy it would 
lake to power your television for 
eiJhl minion hours. ThaI's a lot 
of Phil Donahue for four linle 
ClM1S. 

BY MARY BOTT , CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Bi,envi~ 
menta1 deal! 
So you 
recycled a 
couple of 

aluminum cans loday - maybe 
even tossed several old nt'wspa-
pers out onlO the curb to be 
picked up. You probably think 
you're making some son of 
colossal contribution to the well-
being of our endangered environ-
ment and the furthering of the 
recycling movement at large. 

three hours. 
oRecycled glass melts at a 

lower tanperaturc: than that of 
"virgin" glus (slass made from 
sam:h), saving 32 percent of the 
enerJY needed to produce new 
glass. 

oTen six-fOOl stacks of 
newspaper equals one ton, which 
equals 17 trees. 

oRecycling a six-pack of 
aluminum cans saves enouah 
enerJY to drive an average car 
five miles. 

perda~. 
work. Not bad. but it could be So, before you SlOp • just one 
better. II needs to be bcner. can, keep a few of dae f&ell in 
Beaimina in 1987, Ihe city of San mind: 
Diea<» adopced a "Volunlaly o&ch person in the city of San 
Recyclina Policy" whereby San Diego generaleS approximalely 
Diepns would volWitarily 1.5 tons of waslC pet year. We 
achieve a 25 percent recycling rile recycle only aboul 17.7 percent of 
by the year 1992. willi is aoinI into the landfiUa. 

Since thM lime, California his oillaltea 15,000 trees to 
passed the "Solid WIlSIe Manap- produce one Sunday edition of the 
~ "".' ;. II :.: •.. . ; .• :-;' .~:1. .... : •. ~ Los AnR~I~.J TlIMs. 
••• ~ •• ~.. •• • .~~ ... -"'the . ;.. •• ' .. : _:j ~:...: • •• • • :.:1,:,,; ..,.,. wale an 
::: .:.. ~f.:·:' • :: . ~:'4 landfills. 63 pen:enl CII1 be 

~:: . :.:!:.~ recycled. 
~ .. oJ ..I"'_J:~: ___ I 

•••• !_. .,.,...IUlI .... aa I"~ ... y 
.... :il.~1 recycle S6 pen:enl of the 
• • :it' :}. three biUion ,lass 

.. ''! ' '-' 

Well, here's a news flash for 
you people - you're right! From 
the closet conservationaiislto the 
righteously rampant recycling 
radicals . .. every lillie bit counts. 
Here are a few startling statistics 
that should put a lillie perk in 
your prance the next time you're 
headed towards that recycling bin. 

oRe-using recycled glass in 
place of making new glass 
cuts related air pollution .. .-
by 20 percent, since 
~ is less fuel burned \\\\\\~~\~' 
In the process. \\l~~\: 

. . ". ~tamers U_I 
.". ..... :.y. • .... use every year. 

: .:: oCoraminaIcd 

Most importantly, remember 
to choose your products wisely. 
Use pIuIic plates thai you can 
wash and re-use instead of paper. 
Buy products in built instead of 
individually packqcd servings. 
0ICCIt packasing to be sure 
you're using a container Ih8I can 
be efficiently recycled. Obtain 
information so that you may truly 
branch out into the world of 
RlCycllng and make .this planet (or 
at1east this chWik of it) a more 
copacetic place. 

olf Calif~ians ~\\: 

·TIle energy saved from 
recycling one aluminum can is 
enough to power a TV set for 

recycled all bottles, 
cans and paper, they 
would save ISO million 
gallons of oil [a year). 

Not bad for a day's 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

I III 1-\ .~ : 
FROGEN YOZURT. &StevD S ,",-, ~ 

• 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE YOGURT: Free FLYING : 
or ICE CREAM : wilh 300 DISC 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser Value 
for Free. 

: purchase 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• MUSI p reHnl thiS ad at lame o f purma§¥ • • 

Offer subtect 10 'e:vQCahon WI'hauI nolice • • 
DlscoonlS not valid with o ther discounts • • 
orcoupom Ma .. ".....,d'scounl on .n~ • nol valid with o ther • 

pu rcl>o",I.S300 Topp",g,""''"ciudOO : d iscou nt~ : 

-(Good Onlv al CoS! ""rde : Good Only al oSiaVerde : 
••••• ExptresU!3I/9I •••••••••• Expires 11 /31/91 •••••• 

: in the Costa Verde Shopping Center : 
: 8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego • 450-3044: 
: Direct Iy Across From University Towne Centre : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Call now for your FREE Diagnostic test 
cmd consultation: 

587-8600 

r " 
ANXIOUS? 
NERVOUS? 

Participants needed for re-
search study evaluating new 
medication for the treatment 
of anxiety. If you are unable 
to relax, worry too much, have 
stomach upselor muscle aches 
you may be eligible to re-
ceive FREE medication, physi-
cal exam and lab tests. Call 
UCSD Outpatient Psychiat-
ric Services for information 
and confidential evaluation. 
Call today, 487·6648. 

, 

'. paper (i.e. paper 
plates thIl have 
been soiled by food) 
is not considered 
recyclable. 

With the 1.2 

For more information 
concemina recyclina, wute 
management and brochures, call 
the City of San Diego Waste 
Management Depanment at 492-
5009. 

GIA'S 
UCSDNIGHTS 

are now alIIo on 
MONDAYS 

(with Monday Night FootbaIl) 

PITCHERS 
$300 DomeRlc $400 Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$500 12-iDcb $700 14-incb 

_ .... UCSIIID 

GIA'S ItaIIaa ReIt1IInat 792·752114550. HWfj 101 
SOLt\.VA BEACH 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 ' 
CoInpl._ Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$199 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 
'Includes: a. exam, care kJt. myopic lenses, 30 

Brands include Bell, Cooper, WJ, 
Panperm. Boston. 

. ..", ... 

.... _"...,. 
· .... _.M.PrI ••• 
. 28111 .. 

3938 Adams Ave. 

Nestled among the trees ICI'05S from the Q1I! Caf~, ucsO's Recyclina C<Hlp 
sits unsIeIdily on its temponry 
site. New adminisll'llive proposals 
aimed at improvina both campus 
recyclina SIandards and the 
overall imase of UCSO may have 
an effect on the functions and 
responsibilities·of the co-op. 

While the student run co-op 
cwrendy handles all newspaper, 
glass Ind aluminum recycling on 
campus, Ihe new initiative may 
supplement, broaden and eventu-
ally supplant those activities. 

Due to increased amounts of 
wute, campus complaints about a 
need for more recycling and 
pressures resulting from environ-
mental legislature, the administra-
tion is taking steps to upgrade the 
present recyclina efforts on 
campus. • 

This task has fallen mosl 
predominantly into the IwKis of 
Physical Plant Services (pPS). 
PPS has come up with some 
proposals directed at the renova-
tion of UCSO's RlCycling 
curriculum. 

"This is not a plan to take over 
the student Recycling Co-op," 
says Bethany Gibnore of PPS. 
"We would like to work together 
with them and coordinate our 
efforts." Gi1m9re stresses a need 
for a "system Ihat will work 
smoothly." 

Founded in the fall of I cn9 by 

. ~~ . ~ 

Spin (Re)cycTe 
Due to increased demand, campus recycling shifts 

from the students to the machine 
By MARY BOTT , CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

then-student Jeni Lundgrin, the 
co-op originally consisted of 

fi~ to twenty volunteer 
members. Its primary goal was to 
recycle all campus newspaper, 
glass and aluminum. The students 
also hoped 10 educate the campus 
conunWlity and heighten environ-
mental awareness. 

In 1985, the co-op expanded to 
include outings, group activities 
and recycle drives. Since then. the 
co-op has dwindled in numbers, 
now encompassing a staff of four 
paid workers and four rotating 
volWllccrs. 

"1bere is /lOl enough student 
involvement," says Daniel Hearst, 
one of the four paid 
workers at tile co-op. 
"Most people 
.come here to gee 
jobs, not to get 
involved in 
issues." 

Seeing this 
shonfall, the 
administration 
has stepped in 
with its 
proposal. 

Below are some of the goals sct 
forth by PPS: 

o Develop and implement 
campus-wide recycling to recover 
and markee paper, glass, alumi-
num, cardboard, plastic, yard 
waste and other recyclables 
generated throughout the campus. 

• Promote and develop a plan 
to encourage market demand for 
products made from recyclable 
material and content. 

• Raise the "trash awareness" 

off acuity , staff and students. 
• Review packaging and 

packing materials and practices in 
order to reduce and eliminate 
waste. 

• Set up a campus-wide 
network of recycling coordinators 
to assist and oversee the recycling 
program on the whole and in 
individual areas. 

• Develop a record keeping 
system of costs, income, volume 
of waste and avoided waste 
disposal costs. 

• Propose grants to the state 
legislature in order to secure funds 
for further improvements on 
campus. 

Presently, the 
administration has 

purchased a 
machine, known 
as a "bailer," 
that condenses 
cardboard into 
bails so that it 
can be re-sold. It 
has also started 
the collection of 

white com-
puter and 

ledger paper in six different 
buildings on campus. 

Each desk in the buildings is 
equipped with its own collection 
bin; a larger bin is placed on each 
floor to consolidate the paper in 
one place. Custodians empty the 
larger bins into a dumpster which 
is subsequently picked up by 
Solana Recycling. 

When ask.ed to rate the 
university on its present recycling 
standards on a scale of one to ten, 
Gilmore responds, "As compared 
to other campuses, I would give 
UCSD a seven. As compared to 
how well we could be doing, I 
would have to say a three or four." 

She adds that, in the past, the 
administration has been "uncon-
scious about recycling. They were 
willing to let the co-op handle it. 
Sometimes it takes adults a little 
longer to get going on issues that 
students have been aware of long 
before." 

She also says that the public 
image of UCSD has been a 
motivating factor in implementing 
this proposal. 

At this point. it is unclear as to 
which jobs the co-op will perfonn 
and which will be the administrn-
tion's re ponsibility. 

The co-op 's Hearst is skeptical 
as to the students' role once the 
plan goes into effect. But, he 
concludes, "If the university does 
what it says it's going to do, I'm 
for the take-over plan." 

UCSD SPECIALS 

WITHOIlT A PlZZAI 

MEDIUM MEAL DEAL Medium'2-ltemOtuGINALPizza~:l. $975 
Cokes for ONY $9.75 .. COUO:vreq or I 
Mention when ordenng· ery . piUS tax I 
Canyout . 
CALL US! I 452-U~SD ~ 

I 3211 Holiday C!:...,__ I 
I ............. ..,"'(t. -::::=---QO. .I 
I ~-:~"M" _-------

... -----L.-------- . 



In making the transition from the UCSD yreens 
to the Germinal, this collective hopes to promote 

social ecology, not party politics. 
"Eventually. however. the organization spent most of its 

time meeting without developing important theoretical and 
philosophical ideas which could lead to meaningful actions," 
says Burke. "We became stagnant and disillusioned, and 
decided to focus on acquiring a space which we could then use 
to develop concrete actions ... By CHRIS BURNETT , CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Developing the ideals for 
freedom for a rational and ethical 
society, grounded in ecological as 
well as human concerns, is one of 
the foundations on which the 
Genninal was formed. 

Germinals were originally community centers in Italy 
dating back to the late 1800's. Today, the Genninal is a 
collectively run community center for UCSD students. The 
group evolved from the Greens of UCSD, a student 
political organization. Why that transfonnation occurred is 
related to philo ophical, as well as political, reasdns. 

At present , the Germinal is working on three projects. 
First, members are eeking funding to in tall 24 solar 
panels and seven skylights to provide a renewable energy 
source for the Che Cafe. The group plans to work with a 
chemL try profes or on the project, which would include a 
one-unit seminar focusing on the system in tallation. The 
seminar. to be offered later this year. will be open to all 
undergmduates. 

Second, the collective is setting up a video lending 
library to serve as a resource for all UCSD student, 
faculty, staff and members of the San Diego ·community. 
Although small at pre ent , members expec t the library to 

" 

grow steadily in size as involvement increases. 
The video collection will include documencaries. full-

length films and student projects. Social ecology will be a 
major theme for some of the videos. Examples of other 
offerings include documentaries from the Christie Institute, 
Paper Tiger Television and selections from the Deep Dish 
television network. 

Finally, the group will offer another lending library 
composed of books, magazines and pamphlets encompass-
ing a wide range of social and ecological issues. "The 
Germinal will be a source of information unlike any other 
on campus," says Oenninal member Chloe Burke. "The 
need stems from the general lack of knowledge available to 
student on the many diverse topic we hope to cover." 

E~amples of periodicals the Germinal plans to place in the 
library include Grtenpeace magazine, Sea Shepherd Log 
and Lies of Our Times. 

In September 1989, the UCSD Greens carne into 
existence in the hopes of developing ideas and organizing 
events around environmental issues. For the most pan, they 
were successful. At one point, the group managed to 
organize a national Greens conference, which was held 
in March of 1990. Greens from all across the 
country partook in the campus gathering. 

In February of 1991, thi5 goal was achieved when the 
Greens staned sharing a space with the Recyding Co-op near 
the ~ Caf~. In the past eight months, the space has been an 

inClMl'Altinn for new ideas. 1'he Germinal was fanned to 
develop more 

New programs and a new politics must be structured around the immediate 
environment of the individual - his or her housing conditions, neighborhood 

problems, transportation facilities, economic conditions, pollution issues, and 
work place conditions, Power must be steadily shifted to neighborhoods and 
municipalities in the form of co centers, cooperatives, occupational 

centers, citizen's assemblies. 

DO YOU HAYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

la .... $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for resean;h and 

diagnostics. plus earn up 
to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LIIOIIAIOIIU 

226·1733 

La Jolla s 

BEST KEPT SECRET! 
Come by for breakfast or lunch! 

• 0\'tI'Iook1ng Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

• Beautiful outdoor dining 
• A wid. variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
• All-you-can-eat salad bar 

Cboices located within the 
Shiley Sports and Health Center 
of Scripps Clinic 
10820 North Torrey Pines Road 

r····--_·········· 
I Enjoryour 
: 10% student discount 
I ... UCIOLD. 
•••••••••••••••••• 

Call 554-FOOD 

community involvement. whit:h would be responsive to 
individual input and enhance self-empowerment," says 
member Christy McGrath. "This change [from the Greens] 
was an anempt to create an alternative to the 
modem-day centralization of power which 
characterizes many political parties." 

" The world has to be educated as fully as possible if people are to change their lives, 
not merely have it changed for them by self-anointed elites who will eventually become 
self-seeking oligarchies. Sensibi ·ng reality, and selfhood have 
to be changed byed discourse, experimen-

tation, and the . have to learn, if hu-
manity is to achieve.h enQjlge in self-manage-
ment. We udy than we 

action has 

"As the· Greens." Burke 
continues, "the group only 
focused on environmental 
issues, and therefore excluded 
a whole range of issues that 

:.) ... :.. . .:.:,., .. <~ ':f-. 
'" 

. , . ~ 

,. .: ',t.: .~:: ;:!'!: : 

... 0' ." 
... . 

, 
.... '! 

.' 
-, 

.! •. :~ . ... , 

. .. ..... .. ' . ~ 
: ..... '~.; " ' '' .. ' . ,:': \ . ' . ",,-
"" '.: .' .. . ' 

_V\I'"'",, ., of 

. among 
"",,"cifJle~' of the 

·· IiJIOK<.1O related ecology and 
in our socie ty:· 
n beings' 'first 

': ' ,, ' ': . - . 
I side - with our 

side." This integration is til 
IrIo..GIltlIIin!ll·s philosophy . 

.o.! • •• f .~ • 

VONS PHARMACY 
Special Discount 

For UCSD Students 
on All Prescription$ 

• $2 Off pmcrip~on price with UCSD 10 
• Fast service 
• Insurance billing 
• Open 7 cloys a week 
• Grocery ~ while your prescription 

is being Riled 
• Offer expires January 1, 1992 

VDNS 
7788 REGENTS ROAD 

455-6340 

. : "),-.. . 
"Unfonunately. their actions. for 

most part. had resulted in surface solutions. 
They were better than nothing, but they lacked 
constructive, far reaching visions of an ecological 
society. We would like to work towards an 
ecological society based on non-hierarch ical 
institutions, equality in social. political. and 
economic relations, and ethical and responsible 
relationships to nature and within humanity ." 

In order to develop these lofty goals, the group 
chose to move away from the career oriented 
political parties that characterize much of the 
American political scene. As McGrJth explains. 
"This break is founded on the principle dill 
salvation never comes from above. especially if 
one is expected to maintain a sense of humanity 
based in ethical 

to McGrJth. ''The Germinal will serve as a 
place for people to engage in intellectual discuss ions. share 
ideas and educate themselves. A lot of times, people. 
including myself. don't think through their ideologies. 
Often we just look at the surface problems, provide band-
aid solutions and avoid thinking about the roots. By 
developing a co llective. based on consensus decision 
making, the Germinal will provide education on ecological 
and social concerns in a comfortable. non-hierarchical 
environment. 

"We welcome the views and support of all interested 
people," she continues. " We're made up of a group of 
different individuals working to make the Genninal 
successfu l. Our current projects require a lot of work, time 
and energy. Tn particular. the search for funding for the 
olar energy project continues - we're positIve that the 

project will receive masiliiore·campus suppon. Still. we're 
always searching forAl\terf~s te~ irldi,r~lJlal 

Germinal u""_lI"'I5"al'!l4I~I~'-"_~esday 
in theifspace 

ROBERT'S 
AU 0 
GERMAN, SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(("10) .) ... lit).) , "' .. ~ .)- .). 
•• e 
K8ndaII 

457-1007 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

MOIOIGa 
We_""t •• 

• .,....11$_ .. 
.. _ ..... ,.". 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell Is . 
... ,11 •• AIINIiIII'" ....... 

--------------------100/0 OFF· 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

'Except motor IDd trlDJmiliion overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 



f • 

, 

ALCOHOl AWARENESS 
WEEK 

OCTOBER 13-11 

"How to T.II. Friend" 
Information A Dilcuaion 

GALLERYA ~1pm 

THE FAIR 
BroMicaet by 91 X 

Fr .. Ben at Jerry's 
at Call.toga 

PRICE CENT£R PLAZA 
11a .. 2pm 

1'bunday. Oct 17 '* )If 
-Alcohol a Your Prlaad., 
The Ridden ractor· Friday, Oct 18 ({ 

Information'" Discussion Dance 
SANTA BARBAJIA RM h St 
Doon-lpm Under t e . ars ~ 

Fr" Mocktsl/s 
~ - over 170 Door Priz .. -

(Must Be Present to Win!) 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

Ipm-midnight 

Sponsored by: Alcohol and Substance Abuse Committee. Psycholgical and Counseling Services. 
Student Safety Awareness Program. Revelle Muir·Thll'd·Warren·Flfih Colleges. 
Associated Students. Graduate Siudents Association. University Events Ofhce. 
Student Health Advocates. ICHRA 

Eyes of La Jolla 
OPTOMETRY 

Dr. Jeffrey Markson, 0.0. 
Aa Uniwnity Towne Centre (Next to Nordstrom) 

4417 La Jolla Village Drive, San Diego, CA 92122 (619) 597-2020 

INTRODUCING 
UCSD NIGHT this 
WEDNESDAY 

from 6-10 pm 
at ~~'l. ~4l~ ~~~ iJ)Q~ 

~ ~ 
DRAFf BEERS .00 
LARGE PIZZAS $5.99 
SIJ1IJI TOPPING 
TAKE 1-5 NORnl TO DEL MAR HEIGHTS 
RIGHT ON DEL MAR HEIGHTS 11IEN 
RIGHT ON CARMFL COUNTRY ROAD 
IT WILL BE ON TIlE RIGHT HAND SIDE 

12840 CARMPl. COUNTItY ROAD PHONE. 4It.~ 

Financing Your ~n 
Can Be A Balandng Act. •• 
Talk To Us 
About A 
Student 
loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare cxher Jenders to bear ~ 
If you need special helP, we aren't a 
vague voice in New York or Sacramenlo. 
We're here and we help. VISit oor nearby branches 
in Sooento Mesa at 578S Oberlin Drive, Suite 1($, 
and in Pacific Beach at 4440 Ingraham Street 

Free Credit Union ManhasbipI 
We U waive yoor membership fee and you'll ropy 
outstanding financial setVices from any 
ci 22 countywide branch locatiom. 

Call us for more info about S1Idbd, SIS, or PI.l5 at 

546-2063 
or ask your fmancial Aid DeJmtment 

·L' MissiJn Fedaal ad Unkln 
S8MIII M IIIUCA1IIIIIIAl c:MUIIYe 

"The Student Loan Sto~e" 
\I,_on thlt-r.,I" ., ,.91 " ..... '" , ...... umnn "lIkh 00' "",nl tIw~ llllYlll1Ullll) 01 ~m ~ Count} for 

nv"".run, qwnt'r """~ flIk~ ......... llnlillr .... .md _Il" .. ...... ' IO,~. AI "- """",'10 l ..... '\lor 'JlI1n~iIl. 
. . 

. t'r' ~ T 
~~~--------~-~--~ ~--~----~~-~ ... ~ 

'- \: ( ...... '-
---------- }\rerul~---------

I am very conscious 
about the 
environment. But 
without cars, we 
can't go anywhere. 

No, but I would 
share, as in carpool. 
Easy levy. ReveI1e 

Would you comply with a law prohibiting cars 
in order to protect the environment? 

Photographer: Alex Klyusner 
Fant.,eu. ---------------------------

Steve Chuang, 
Muir 

Sophomore, CSE Biodlem 
I would 1\0( 
prohibit all cars, 
but would 
definitely limit 
their numbers and 
impose restrictions 
on emissions and 
efficiency. I'd really 
like to see cops on 
skateboards and 

No. Some people 
really need a car. 
However, I would 
agree to an increase 
in gas tax so that 
people are 
discouraged from 
driving. And the 
money earned by 

unemployed parlcing Nazis. 

No, it would 
restrict on [sic] my 
personal freedoms 
as well as those of 
others. Too many 
of these freedoms 
are being taken 
away by these 

I do not propose 
banning all cars, 
but if San Diego 
were to offer better 
public 
transportation for 
its citizens, the 
problem of a ir 
pollution would 
diminish, as would the taxation can be 

used for envirorunental protection. 

Anondo StagI, Muir 
Senior, Cognitive Science 

Koji Iwata, Graduate 
Physics 

Uncle Sam 
Wants You ... 

to serve an 

INTERNSHIP 
in 

Washington, 
D.C. 

learn the Benitits at the 
Second Annual 

D.C. 
INTERNSHIP 

FORUM 
Friday, October 18 

2:30 to 4:00 pm 
Career Services 

Center Room 103 

Sponsored by the AcademIc Internship Program 
Complimentary RefreShments 

During the lost few y~rs. the cost of education 
has risen so much that even Inflation couldn't 
keep up with It.- National Student Funding was 
created to help bridge that gop. We know that 
students need help today. whether It Is money for 
tuition. IMng expences. room and board. or even 
Just to pay for books. and we can help. Don't put 
off today. what you will need tomorrow. CoN our 
800 number flOW and you will receive from us 
more Information and application procedures 
to acquire from our data base the best scholar-
ship for you and your needs. CaB now for more 
Informaftonl 

1-800-937-1900 ext. 1191 
IlIfoImaIIon and appIcaIIon packet 2A IVI. 7 days 

NAnONAL 
STUDENT 
FUNDING 

"concerns." 

Certainly me 
envirorunent can be protected without 
limiting one's rights and freedom. 

the parking problem. 
Dariella Attolini, Fifth 
Senior. Anthropology 

Matthew Schnurer, Third 
Seventh-year Senior, History/Poli Sci 

We need motivated. 
outgoing students to join our 
calling staffl 

• Ffexible scheduling 
• Excellent training provided 
• $6.00 per hour + bonus 
• Sharpen communication 
skill' . 

For more info call 563-2000 

1m The Pacific Group 
3456 C8mino Del Rio North. 
SUite 205 
San Diego. CA 92108 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(POSitions Llmtted) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 
training you can find! 

EARN $6-$ 12.000+ while 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992. 
_Call 

1-800-KAU-UPP today 

OVERWEIGHT? 
North Carolina Pastor 

loses 76 Ibs. and 14 inches 
in 3 months using Nutrition 

Express Weight Loss 
Product twice daily eating 

one regular meal. 
Cost $1 .76 per meal. 

CALL FOR FREE 4-Day 
SuppIy.See If they wor1t for \ you. 
(619) 496-2263 

UCSD 
B IIt 'E 

S R 0 P 

BIKES .. PARTS .. ACCESSORIES 
LJ Complete service 
LJ 24-hr repair turn-over 
o SPECIAL ORDERS WELCOME 
We special order smaU parts. pro-parts, and professional frames , 

Fuii;; RALEIGH" 
BICVCLES 

....... ~. FrltIQ I" 1/ 04-4279 
- Come visit us in the old Student Center -

RENTAL·CUE· PROGRAM 
Try a high-quality cue ~ Huebler, Cobra 
or McDermoH. If ~ lilte what you try, 
you can ~ a brand new model at 
competitive prices. Or we can special 
order a~ brand of cue from any maker 
yoU desire. 
II a player would lilee 10 try Q high 
quality pool cue while playing pool, the 
renl i, Doubled for each hour. 
PRICE CENTER GAMEROOM HOURS 

~·Fridqy 10 a.m.-11p.m. 
SaturdaY-Sunday 12 noon-8 p.m. 

.. ,,' fill CINIIlCMeOOM 

/ 



You Can Recycle 
More Than Y 00 Think 

You can now recycle 
mixed paper 

(magazines, junk mail, 
slick brochures etc.) in 
the mixed paper bin at 
Building 510 MAAC. 

Cardboard can be ' 
taken to the loading 
dock nearest you. It 
will be collected on a 
regular basis for reuse 

·or recycling. 

Steel and tin food cans 
can be recycled at the 

state authorized 
recycling center 

located in the parking 
lot behind Ralphs. 

L.II ____ _ 

If you live on campus, 
use the recycling bins 

at your dorm or 
apartment. If there 

aren't any, talk to your 
RA about getting 

some. 

Look for the recycling 
bins around campus -

at the Price Center, the 
Student Center, etc. 

COMMUTERS! 
For the recycling 

location near you call 
the I • A Clean San 

Diego Recycling 
Hotline: 

1-800-237 -2583 

This advertisement was produced by the Student Environmental Action 
Coalition (SEAC) and co-sponsored by the ASUCSD. This ad is part of 
our continuing campaign to promote recycling on campus. If you would 
like to get involved in this ·or other environmental campaigns, come to 
our meetings every Wednesday at 7pm on the second floor of the Old 

Student Center in office 208, directly above Soft Reserves . 

. _-----


