
OPINION 

Everyone knows IbaI the 
~ Cafe ia die place to 10 
for vepIIriID cuisine at 
UCSD, juIa .. everyone 
knows dill die caf6's 
DIIJ1IeIIIb, QI6 Guevara. 
was a nwxiIt revoIutioaary 
in Latin America. But what 
some people don't RIIlize is 
that ~ lie mea. And loci 
of it. For one c::ommclllllor, 
''Cb6 Cafe" ia a misnomer 
that does not live up to ib 
namesake / PME 4 

SPECTACLE 

Celebrate the 
Day of the Dead 

After RIc::OVCI'ina from a 
hard niaht'. trick-or-
treatina, celebrate the 
Mexican Dfa de los 
MuerlOl on Nov. 2. To let 
you info abe mood. Spec-
IiICk feabRS two horror 
stories - one fic::tionII, one 
fact - and highlipts 
students' want Halloween 
experieDces / PME 51 

SPORTS 

ShooaCBllllks 
The tJcsD WOdIeD's 

socc::cr ............ 
JeCOniID 13.0.1 willi two 
IIIIID ....... 1hiI week· 
ead. The TriIGaI have DOW 
...... 11 ~ 14 0fIPI""'" 
......... Ibird In die 
__ I sa 

a-ttIicII ......•...... U 
Sporta •••••••••••••••••••• SI 

CoNFERENCE FOR 80TH SEXES 
• This weekend's UCSA Women's 
Conference addressed rights for 
women of diverse backgrounds 
By Sheryl Walcott 
Associllte News Editor 
.... LynnFNney 
Senior 518" Writer 

Four h~ men and women who have a 
conunon interest in women' s rights, feminism 
and hwnanism converged on the UCSD cam-
pus last weekend to participate in the 1991 
University of California Student Association 
(UCSA) Women's Conference. 

The conference, entitled ''1be Changing 
Faces of Feminism," aimed to facilitate dis-
cussions and evaluations of the present social, 
political and economic condition of women 
among a diverse population. It was primarily 
sponsored by UCSD's Associated Students 
and Women's Resource Center. 

Molly McKay, a principal organizer of the 
event, said that she hoped people would leave 
"with a sense of empowerment - a renewed 
faith in grassroots efforts. 1 hope they don't just 
go home and watch TV, [but are] inspired to do 
whatever they want to do." 

The conference was, McKay said, the result 
of the "spirit and vision of undergraduates ... 
on a shoe string budget" 

The three-day conference, which opened 
on Friday with a poetry reading and book 
signing by feminist writer Adrienne Rich, also 
offered a variety of small-group discussions on 
Saturday and a keynote address by Gloria 
Anzaldua, a lesbian Chicana activist. The con-
ference included a showing of the film "La 

Adrienne Rich reading poetly at the Grove Caffll 
Femme Nikita," live music on Saturday night 
and a presentation on the status of women in 
the UC system. 

Approximately half of those in attendance 
traveled from other universities. 

Participants of the conference applauded its 
organization, and the variety of issues it ad-
dressed. 

"It was really well organized, " said Heather 
Hauge, a recent UCSD graduate. "A lot of 
issues are coming out that need to be dis-
cussed." Hauge added that she was surprised at 
the number of men in attendance. 

Stephanie Pfaff, a San Diego State Univer-
sity graduate student, said that she attended the 
conference because "I consider myself a femi-
nist, and am interested in those issues." 

Occidental College graduate student TJ. 
Demme explained why he came to the confer-

See CONFERENCE, Page 3 

Gloria Anzaldua gives her keynote speech on Sunday morning, closing the conference. 

Social Event Infonns Women 
Science Majors of Options 
By SophIe HoIdfarth 
Guarrllan Repotter 

General Store, 
Bookstore in 
Alleged Price War 
• UCSD Bookstore may be 
'lowering prices to compete 
with General Store book sales 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Associate News Editor 

General Store Co-op members alleged re-
cently that the UCSD Bookstore lowered prices 
on textbooks carried by both the General Store 
and the bookstore earlier this year. 

Co-op member Jeff Corbett said the book-
store has decreased the prices of some texts 
also carried by.the co-op six percent since the 
beginning of this quarter. 

He added that if the co-ops caused the 
bookstore to reduce its prices, then the co-op 
has done its job in bringing lower prices to 
UCSD students. 

According to Corbett, the co-op prices its 
books by taking ten percent off the amount 
charged by the bookstore. After pricing books 
early this quarter, Corbett said he and other c0-
op members noticed a drop in book tore prices 
on some of the title . 

"'They lowered prices in competition," said 
Corbett. "It's a competitive market." 

Bookstore Text Books Manager Patricia 
Garcia said the co-ops did not cause any re-
duction in prices, and that bookstore texts' 
costs follow the prices set by publishers. "Some-
times we get a discount, and we pass the 
[reduced] prices on to the students," she said. 

In this case, however, she does not think any 
discounts reduced prices. 

Corbett said prices were dropped after the 
bookstore ran out of University Physics and the 
Gillespie Chemistry texts early in the quarter. 

In an attempt to get back some business, 
Corbett alleges, the bookstore dropped prices 
by six percent on five texts also carried by the 
co-ops. The Gillespie text, which first cost $65 
atthe ~kstore, is now priced at $60.95,closer 
to the co-op cost of $58.50, he said. 

On Friday, half of the bookstore's stock of 
Gillespie Chemistry was priced at $60.95, with 
the other half at $65. According to the textbook 
desk, $60.95 was the official price and the $65 
books were not priced correctly. 

By Saturday, all bookstore Gillespie texts 
were priced at $60.95. 

However, the University Physics text, which 
Corbett claims was reduced from $58.75 to 
$57.95, was priced at $59.95 on bookstore 
shelves. 

See BOOKS, Page 8 

The organizations Graduate 
Women In Science (GWIS)andAsso-
ciation For Women In Science (A WIS) 
joined forc::es last Thursday evening to 
promote the participation and recog-
nition of women in the sciences . 

The purpose of the event was the 
discussion of the benefit of organiza-
tions like AWlS and GWlS, such as 
the opportunity to obtain grants, to 
interact and meet with other women 
scientists and gain insight into the 
scientific profession beyond thec1ass-
room. 

CommUnicatIon Dept. LIterature Dept. 

The event was an infonnal meeting 
with an enc:ouraging turnout ofUCSD 
science studcncs and members of the 
scientific conununity. 

GWIS is an orpnizalion founded 
bywomengraduatestudents81ComeU 
University in 1921. AWlS w.-~ 
Iished in 1971, becoming one of the 
first orpnizations emerJing from the 
rapid expansion of feminism durinl 
the .. 19C50s. 

Both organizations said that their 
goal is to achieve equality for women 
through helping them solve pr0b-
lems in their daily lives and helping 
them achieve their potential.- scien-
tific leaders of the community. 

According to Sheri Cole, presi-
dent of the local cllapterofGWIS and 
m:endy elected vice president of the 
national organization, "'The orpni-

See 1CIINTISlS, Paee 8 

&~ • The department 
~~is cutting back on its 
use 01 office supplies. such 
as reducing the amount 01 
copies made on the 
department"s Xerox 
machine. 

•• Long distance phone 
"calls are being reduced. 

•

• There are less 
~onthe 
schedule. leaving 

some cI ..... and sec::tlons 
overaowded. 

• Cuts are spread out in 
many areas so It,at one 
partiCular area does not 
.ulf .... 

L Less money will be 
• "sed lor guest lecturers. 

and no money will be 
usad lor receptions. 

• Some equipment. like 
oomput8rS. wiN be left 
unrepail'ed. 

~• Th .... will ~ lewer 111m screenings. and announcements lor departmental actlvIes will not be mailed but 
rather will be posted on 
bulletin boards. 



lNBWS The UCSD G1I8I'diao 

1...,..,.,.,.,' T • on TueIday. 
,.. IdIddl' ...... ilOr. Jacob~a"'" 

re.IQds..-. ... n.y.CealerforNidlle-....... 
TelAvlY~;GoIIIIaJwiD""''''I)eNiddlts. 
r.. .. .,.-. ...... " ..... wl*hillbaIIIIId ..... 

Mooday, October 18, 1991 

........lOlIIiwuiIy ....... otndals. theno-pest 
poIioy • .-.It 01 .......... ....... 110m Isla Villa 
(IV) iWkh ...... .".....ity WW delaibed in die 
lIWIIIIP_ovarideD by"OUIIideiI wbo--dImI&e and 
......... 

. 1102 pm. .1boM*eoa.~1toam. OIber~IUCb.IbecaldyI .. delllc:ehallrepaiJs 

Women'. Center to SponaorTown 
Meeting on Sexual Harassment 

T be UCSD Women', CemetwiU bold a town meeIiDa 
cndded "Sexual IWMWeIIt A Very PertonaI N.dcml 
1ssue,-lOIIigbr II 6:30' in ,.,.. Hall room 108. 

The town meecin, wiD feIIuro a .,.nel discuuioo 
rnodenIIIedbyCommunicationProfesaorOllplraMukaji, 
chair of the UCSO OlIncellor's AdviaoIy COIDDi1Iee on 
the StalUSofWomcn. . 

Topics to be covered include abe lepl upocIS of seXual 
harassI1'lent in the worlcplace,lhecunmt genderclilDlllle in 
Wahington. D.C. and Chc psychological cooaequencea of 
sexual abuse. 

Scheduled panelists include University of San Dieao 
Law Professor Roy Brooks, UCSD Political Science Pr0-
fessor Sreve Erie and Nancy Wahlig, a counselor with 
UCSD's Student Safety Awareness Program. 

The charge for admission is $S for the general public 
and $2 for students. All p~ from the town meeting 
will be donated to the UCSD Women's Center. 
Lectures on the Soviet Union and 
Global Warming Politics to be Held 

Two presentations on inlernational politics will be 
offered this week. 

Today, the Institute on Global Conflict and Coopera-
tion (lGCC) and the InlCmational Environmental Policy 
Project are sponsoring '100 Geopolitics of Global Wann-
ingNegotiations," featuring Rafe Pomerance of the World 
Resources Institute. 

The talk will be held at 4 p.m. in the International 
Relations! Pacific Studies (lRJPS) building room 140 1. 

"The New Soviet Union and ilS lntemationallmplica-
tions," sponsored by the Project on IntcmationaJ and 
Security Affairs (PISA), will be a fonan lakina place 
Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the IRIPS Auditorium. 

ArtIsts to Perform an Ecological 
Tale In Neon at the Grove Gallery 

A. neon art perfcIrnwIce with an ec:oIogical story line wiD 
open "Neoo 0," die second of Ibis IeIIOI\'S exbibitioolll 
UCSO'. Orove 0aUery. 
. 1be patromwa WOIk. "PiIb StA:Iry - A Sbort Neoo-
PafonnIDce PIDbIe, " ia • coI1IbonIioa of neon artist Kart 
HIuIer, wrilerSblll1Cudlitz ... UbeblodD'Odcoo, who_ 
all from SIn F1w...Jtm 

Most paformen will wearblld hall. each willi a neon fish 
OIl top. Each cast member will bold 8 turqlJOiso.colored neon 
wave powered by , beaay pd. 

A castof 16 people will perf'OIDIthewortlldleexhibilion's 
openina reoeptioo. whicb will take place from 6:»8 p.m. 
FrMt.y, Nov. IS, II the Grove Oallery. 'I1Ie exhibilion win 
COOIinue Ihrouab Dec. 20. 

"Neon Ir' will r.ure small-ecale and a few"larpr-scale 
works iIx:ludina an oUrdoor, neon ""billboard" titled .. Aphr0-
disia SelfPodnlit. - bY Freddy Elliott of Salina. Kansas. 

~ piece. "Quamum Leap" by Michael FleIchner, 
features cows jumping over a moon near a spinnina pyJ'IIIIid 
and consrellations. 

uc 
NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAtv\PUSES 

wbi:Ia ... tromlbeacliviliea~CMf bdiveHlUoween 
celell ... Wfft facIors in die no-auesr decision. 

However, IOIDIllUdenlsdo notfeellbal die policy will 
~ eft'ecdYe. • 

"I iedouIIy doubIlbil thia policy it P.IOatCec:t die 
~ feadvideI," said finr-y.' pI)'ChoIoo .... 
JolIn BIeI::tow. 

OIl lbeolla"", odIDI'I auppodBd lbedecisiaa.,_ 
~ ...... . 

., diI* it', peUy cool. "1IIid nr.-yeIr cIrIIIIIIic .w 
poIiIicIIlcleace major Dan CIII8DOa. .,fevayooe in-
vital' ticnd to stay for the weekend, evaything would 
Jet preay QUI of control." 

lD addidon. Red A1ert. a foI.r..year-oid safety program 
wbicb Ulelpoupaofstudentvolun&eersto patrol problem-
IIic ICICIioa8 of IV OIl Halloween night, is being highly 
pubIici2ecI by can.,us media and the student government, 
as well as voJumeers walking the c:ampua. 

Red Alert aims to provide an outlet for worried resi-
dentI who do DOt wanI to involve the police. 

UCSB's A.ssociIIed Students Legislative Council ~ 
c:ent1y canvassed IV neighborhoods promoting Red Alen. 

. Tbevolunteers will work in ajoint effon with the LV. 
Fool Pabol, UCSB's University Police and the California 
Highway PMrQI to eICOI1 residentS. provide rust aid and 
offersafebousea wbere people can go to avoid the amual 
Halloween fiaIco ill the streets. 
UC to Review Student Progress 
Reports Sent to High Schools 

The University ofCalifomia has suspended production 
of studcnI perfonnancc reports for one year, during which 
time an analy~ of their content, format and distribution 

UCSB Initiates No-Guest Policy to wi~ =~hich have been produced annually, pro-
Stem Influx of Halloween Revelers vide Califomia bigh schools andconununity collep with 

SANTABARBARA - UCSB is trying to minimize detailed infonnation about the progress and pafon'nance 
problems caused by the annual flood of Halloween revelers, of former students who have gone on to the university. 
both on and off campus. In the coming. year, the university will consult with 

UCSB's Housing ~ Residcn.ial Services recenlly issued Jeacben, counsoloIs. administrators and resean:bers to 
a memo which implemented a no-guest policy for the period determine the types of information and formal that would 
from Oct. 31 through Nov. 3. • best serve hip schools and colleges. 

The memo suggested thar rr.sidents cany phoro idcntifica- In the inIerirn. bi&b schools and colleges can contact 
The panel discussion will include several IRJPS and 

Political Science professors, and will be IDOdenIcd by 
Professor Susan Shirt, the acting diJu:tor of IOCC. tion to prove residence. keep all doors securely locked and Student Academic Setviccs in Jho..Oftioe of the President' 

consideraamiinguniversity-&pClIIICRdHallowecncLvDa. iflheylawrspeaiftc:~foriDformalion. PISA will also be offering the first in a series of 

Calvin and Hobbes 
8'( ~l~G ~~ c.1Cl\II~ 
1 CAN ~1l: IiNi 

~ IJUIB:IEI>! 
/ 

IO·Z.6 _ 
'--_____ ---l -

by Bill Wattenon GTheUCSD 'DAllDIAN 
JASON 9NEL1., &ax" CIrIII 
... Mao EM, ".18 £db 
lEN IOYCHJK, ~ &air 
JAIES CQUER, DIIin &air 

~Vftt FRANEY, c., EdIar 
.ENNY CWNIG, ..... ArIt&.....,.~ EtIIDr 
JOSEPH GARCIA. .418& ... "." fear IMRY BETTY tENI), NMt EtIIDr 
PElER lo, ..... aar 
.ENtIFER KOLSKY, ",.. £db lEI. IIARCELO, __ EdIDr 
OM II:DOWELL,"""'" Edb' KEN PEfUMN, _ .. ~ Edb 
aRSI'OPtER IEGtER, As.r· ........ EdIor 
BRETT fIfYNE, ~ £db 
MAmEW RO_8ON, .WoaIIf 0ptIiJn EdIor 
ANGElA PlNA, A .... $WfII* £db 
SIC satmT, A .... ,., Edb 
StERYl WCLCOrT, AaGaIIIt """ Edb 
WLEEN WONG, .... AIatS ....... ., Edb 

""55 ........... ~ ....... -,...., ... 1ar ... _fllaD. fI .. .....,.,.. ....... _M_ .... _ 
_ • 01ItI .... --.7lIf1Qlla.-1I ___ 1ar 
... _fI ........... '!Ioo_ ................. _., 
_ ... I-'W ........ =fl7lIfur:e~ .. '-- fI 
CIIfomiI. ................... 11 ....... a... ..... 

fdIarI.t ~ ...... ca. 53Not66, r.c s:w.7691 
UCSD Guu...., 9500 ~ Driw 0316, 

IAI .wa, CA 92093.0316 

Monday, Oaobc:r la, 1991 

CONFERENCE 
C. ... II.d ........ 1 
cocc. "Feminism is one issue IDOng 
many thal concern me in IeImS of 
rights and welfare of people," 
Demmesaid. 

When asked if be feb comfort-
able II , women's conference, 
DenmeR!SpCIIded, "lean see where 
I might DOC be v'Clcome II any 
women's conference, and thar is 

legitimale,butat~con­
fereoce I feel welcome." 

Last spring, when the subject of 
organizins a conference came up, 
UCSD bad to vie with UC Davis to 
host the conference, which is only 
held when a UC school demon-
suates an inlereSl. 

UCD wanted to hold the event in 
conjunction with the 10th anniver-
sary of its women's resourcecenter. 
Because UCD could offer such es-
tablished resources, the campus had 
a strong case for hosting the confer-
ence. 

Reynolds said thal the women's 
J'CIOW'CC ceorer on the UCSB cam-
pm is a valuable asset. "We can 
hold meetings there in a safe envi-
ronment. You can get counseling, it 
hosts py and lesbian rap groups 
and it hIlS Jl Ubrary and an show-
inp, " she added. 

In order to ensure thar the confer-
ence could be attended by anyone 
who wanted to go, the registration 
fee, which included fourmca1s, was 
kept to $S. In addition, ucso stu-

" It's SO justified, you need 
a women's center here, 

It's essential. 

" PAM REYNOLDS 
UCSB undergraduate 

dems volunteered space in their 
homes, giving free lodging to I SO 
OUI-of-town participants. 

The UCSD Guardian 

speaker. 
The sections she read focused 

on different conditions experienced 
by women as weD as oppressed and 
working-class groups, in what Rich 
caDs "these hard, difficult and con-
fusing times. " 

Although one audience member 
said of the reading, "It's basically to 
seD the book," others focused on 
the sense of camaraderie the read-
ing evoked. As one group of people 
joined in a conununal hug before 
Rich arrived. one of the men said, 
"This is what it's all about." 

On Saturday, the bulk of the 
cvClllSc::onsisuIdofdiscussionwort-
shops led by voluntc:ersandattendcd 
by roughly 30 people each. For the 
threehour-and-a-halfwortshopses-
sions,participantscouJdchooseone 
of eleven topics. 

NEWS 3 

~--------------------, : mit. POOR BOY : 
II S~BMARINE MEAL. DEAL I SANDWICHES Includes your choice of #1 - #5, I 
I 2O-oz. soda, and small bag of chips I 
I OIIIfIlOOd .... coupon $375 I I for 112 uncIoo!cii ..... I I Erpne 12131181. . 
I Open 7 days 10 am-9 pm. Phone orders accepted. I 909 Grand Ave • Corner of Bayard· 274-3144 I L ____________________ ~ 

--=-'UCSD--
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~~R~~~!Y* 
ilIIp.lIlJ'lIIl 
Not .. Udwilh 
_ ..... ro&r. 

- $20 1IIiIIim .... purthue • wllbiD 5 mil. raeli .. or camp ... 

as always, 10% 0''1 when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

However, McKay said, the fact 
that UCSD does not yet have a 
university-funded women's re-
source center made an even siron-
gerease, and becmIe a focus of this 
year's conference. 

"When the UCSA became in-
volved in this conference, we got a 
very clearmessageofsolidarityfroot 
this campus [of] the need for a fully 
funded women's resource center," 

Sacha <llemoff, a first-year stu-
dent at UC Santa Cruz, said, "To 
have free transportation and hous-
ing, and the low price, really helped 
me get down [to the conference]." 

In addition, special amngements 
were made to accommodate needs 
such as daycare for children of par-
ticiJllllllS and signers for the hearing 
impaired. 

Two UCSD Communication 
graduate students led "Perfonning 
Beauty & Femininity: Living the 
Gender Identity," an exploration of 
the American construction ofbeauty 
and womanhood. The session in-
cluded discussion of images por-
trayed in the media and films, as 
weD as stars such as Madonna. "M:a:=ts,~:~=S: :~-' C-a--~---C---[]--p--y~~~o-~-I 
focused on sexism and the political 
agendasofmen and women. "There 
were mostly women there, but it 
was nice to sec eight to 10 men. I 
[The men] were asking what they I 
could do," she said, adding that the I 
men had asked if anything they had I 

explained UCSAPlaidentMarisela 
Marquez, a UC Santa Barbara 
graduale student. said was sexist, and why. I ' 

I ' , , 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILA~ 

... ,r H )Of,pm i.p,r,,,11 2~ 't1 

UCSB jWliorPamReynolds~ 
ported UCSD's efforts to obtain a 
fully-funded women's resoun:eccn-
ter. "It's 50 justified, you need a 
women's cenIer here. It's essen-
tial, " she said 

Adrienne Rich began the confer-
ence Friday evening with readings 
from her newest boot of poetry, An 
AlIas l/ the Dif/icllli World. which 
has been nominated for a National 
Boot Award for Poetry. About 200 
people crowded into the candlelit 
GroveCaffetohearthelesbianfemi-
nist poet, activist, professor and 

Diane Lynn Barnett, a psycho-
logical assistant at Rancho Pacifica I 
Health Center, outlined the legal I 
definition of sexuallwassment and 
suggested steps to be taken by vic-

See cor.FEREHCE, Page 8 Sdt 14pm ..... thll ... .JI[) 

UCSD SPECIALS 
• . I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 
-c" _ .......... Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customersl 
. $35* nor Tune Up SpeCial (reg. $55) 

eM _ '" ~ • lilt _"., otws. • iIcUMs: 
S. CIRn, ,....,., llluid , oIlMII 10. ChedlIIIdIIaIItage 101 dMIages 
7. ChedI tnMs 11 . ChedI CIIoIng ~, '-
8. au '**" 12. Road lilt 
9. au IigI1Is 

,~~oint M!ip!!,e~~§.eecial ~~. 
2.V"'~ 1I. ~tmi1g 

fIIpIIcI: 12. ~ ...... 
3. VMClMIgaIIeI 13. ~CIWbInIDr 
4. Spn plIgI 14. A4ulll1IIIring box 
5. DiIIIIII..- poi1Ia 15. ~ ... fuIIllio flU 
8. ecn.n... 18. A4uIII CUcII 
7. Ai _ . 17. A4uIII ..... 
1.01". II. A4uIII~tnMs 
t. GIl ..... n 19. ChId! , ........ 
10. Engine oil .... 

20. LWI fIa1Il11d 
- For ...,..._II1II120. T.,.. Sipa II1II DO. c..o. 2Q06x WI! ..... pLogI, II1II135. 

Complete Clutch Job $169' 
.... ,.,.,: 

1. T....., ......... (exaIpt 4. n-. '-iIg Noll: Hw*IUIc I*\S" not CCMrId. 
HancIII 5. PIDI" NoIIoI4WO. Fnn wIlIII ciivt Ildra. 

2. "'-".... 8. ,.. _ •• ,iooioI, oil • 
3. CUctI dIIc 7.11a1d ... $ . 

Brake Job Special 39 *(reg. $80) 
FIIIIf ._. aw /lib iddII: 

1.1iIIIII1PICiII_'" fJI iNIII_lnIII__ 5. 1IIIecI .... 1nIiI ..... 
2. ~ aIIIlnlllluid 8. A4* .... (w WIllI n _ lias 
! =r..:-a:-*..... ~ :::::..-.. _" .. "", 
... ..,... ..... 1IiIWIiI 

..... - ..... a. ............... ,....,. .......... 1I .. 
-_ ........ a.,.. ...... "I ........ ,...,. 

_ ...... 1111 •• ,.... ........ . 

·OY8I'Se8S r:e~Rd .••• l990 
Aak .... n.p.111 ':.':,=~:.,. 
•• d ••••• 
Towing'" "*18 ........... .,. FrIdIy, 7:30 am-6 pm. Ope. .... .., 

PPAREL 
ESIGNER 

o N E 

• 
BELOW RETAIL 

UCSO'S FACTORY OUTLET GREAT BUYS ON 
EVERYTHING 
S3. 99·S39. 99 

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKL 
• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
• UMrTED 

• VICTORIA SECRET 
-TWEEDS 

8250 Camino Santa Fe Uust down the road) 

• EXPRESS 
.& MORE! 

Go east on La Jolla ViUage Drive, 4 lights past Hwy. 805, left on Camino Santa Fe 
QfEH: Wed. -Sat. 11 am-7 pm • Sun. 12-5 pm 

450-3323 



OPINION 
• OPINION 

Chi Gu 
• Historical reality suggests 
that perhaps the Che Cafe is 
inappropriately named 
By steven 0·...,. 
Contrlbut1rw Opinion writer 

You see them around allover the place. They stare at you 
on colored Xeroxed paper, "All you can eat vegetarian 
meal. " One look. and you know that the CM Cafe is open for 
business for yet another week. 

When ( first started attending UCSD about four years 
ago, ( would see the fliers and think nothing of them. Noc 
beinga vegetarian - ora communist sympalhizer- (really 
didn'l spend much of my time thinking about the C~ Cafe, 
let alone understand what a "Ole" was. But after my first 
year, l pent two years in Argentina, and my view about .. the 
Che" was changed forever. 

I'll never forget it. My first trip to the city of Rosario, 
Argentina, in the province of Santa Fe. There I was on a stop 
over on my way from Buenos Aires to C6rdoba, when an 
awkward scene caught my eye. On the tarmac was a Boeing 
727 being loaded with its bovine cargo. 

I was caught in amazement as the cows slowly, but 
surely, climbed up the ramp into the waiting plane. That 
(along with the complimentary "ru bber steak " served on the 
Aerolinas Argentinas flight) was my first experience with 
the Argentinian culinary/coronary lifestyle. 

By my first impressions and experiences, I had a hunch 
that my dietary staple for the next two years would include 
a large portion of meat, and boy, was'l right. 

Almost every meal that I ate in Argentina consisted of 
some kind of meat. Whether it was bifes, milanesa, higado, 
empanadas, asado, mondongo or other assoned cow pans 
(some too disgusting to mention here to a young audience), 
I was now starting on the road to be a carnetarian. 

I don't think that the Argentinian diet was chosen for its 
overall healthiness (a lot of the women had rather large gross 
looking lipid deposits - XIJIIlhomas - on their legs), but 
rather for the cheap price and availability of the meat. You 
could get a side of beef (a big one) for 25 bucks (that's 50 
bucks a cow!!). 

Well, to get back to the focus of this article,l had so much 
meat that I almost turned into a cametarian, nOI by choice but 
by sheer necessity. Due to my situation in the countty, 
traveling around a lot (living in I Ocities in 22 monthsinthrc:e 

The UCSD GunUan Monday, October 28, 1991 

COMMENTARY 

--.--

.1 

. , 

provinces), I . ' \ . 
experienced a- .. ,' . .'" '.: _ 
wide range of tradj- ., ' .. "' : ~ '" 
tiona! cuisine. I also got - . . , :~ .•• 
to know a little of the history . '..., 
of "E! Ole." : : 

For aU you non-Argentinians, everyone can be called a " ;;~ ·Kt~ 
"c~." It is the conunon way to get somcone's attention he ate little fish. chicken oreggs. But by no means did he live 
(male, female, animal, vegetable or mineral), used in a a healthy lifestyle. He wa~ a ~vy smoker and drank 
similar manner as the American "dude." CM is used along immense amounts of"mal~." and alcohol. 
thesametinesas .. loco ..... yanqui ..... chanro," .. gild~goma... For all of you that don't know what yerba mate is 
etc., depending on what one thinks of you. But the Ole of the (pronounced mi-ta), it's not worth t1Ie time to find out Let 

ArgentinianhistorybooksbelongstoErnesto"~"Guevara it suffice to say that it's a bunch of dried-up herbs that you 
EIOle was born in Rosario (where the cows were putinagourdorcup-likething(amate)andpourwalCr(and 

assigned to business class) but moved to C6rdoba in the first something sugary) over and drink it with a mctaI straw (a 
years of his life. There he stayed until his college days when bombilla). It tastes just like grass clippings with a little din 
he moved to Buenos Aires (pronounced "smogviUe") to mixed in for flavor, and it makes me dry heave (jique asco 
study medicine. que me do locolt). 

Later on, he gets this idea to become a revolutionary and Well, upon my return from Argentina, I decided tocheck 
hesetsoUl to liberate the suppressed people of the world He into the menu at the Ole Cafe. My flBt thought was that it 
fought in the GuaaemaJan, Cuban and Bolivian "revolu- would have a fine Argentinian cuisine living up to the 
tions," and he spent a heck ofa lot of time in Mexico and in Guevara name, and that the cheap vegetarian all-YOlKan-
Mar del Plata, Argentina (if you've ever been there you eat meals were just a gimmick to get you in there. 
know why he liked it). Butaftercheckinguponit,Iwaswrong.Noconlydothey 

One of the best records that we have of him is in a book nolofferrneat, theydon'teven have mate! Nordotheyserve 
written by his first wife, Hilda Gadea. Using Emesto's traditionai Argentinian plates that don't have meat in them! 
leners and her own observations, she describes how her I was let down to say the least. 
husband loved to eat meat. Here I was, so far away from a countty and diet thai I so 

On page 144 of her book, eM Gu~ra Alios D~cisivos, loved, only to find that a restaurant named after a hero from 
it says, "in general, his diet consisted of meat, salad and that countty didn't even have the shame to live up to its 
fruit" (Oddly enough. the imperialist English version left name! 
this part out.) I am astwned to have Emesto "Ole" Guevara's name 

A little further on. Hilda tells us that every day for associated with the Ole Cafe, and ask that the name be 
breakfast, the CM would sit down to a tasty plate of changed!! May I suggest some more appropriate names: 
beefsteak, and refers to meat as, "his favorite diet." "Shiny Whining People Eating Twigs" or "Nescience Rc-

She also mentions that due to aIIergic-asthamtic effects, cycling Center." 

CLOSE·UP 

Disembodied Hands and Infectious 'Staphers' 
&YARe". Rov. 
Asscociste Spectacle Editor 

My flBt exposure to summer camp 
took place when my bus pulled in next to 
a sign reading "National yOuth Nudist 
Camp." My fellow campers and I watched 
in amazement as towel-clad "staphers" 
(they were an infectious lot) paraded 
around outside the sea-foam green cabins. 

Expect the unexpected - that's the 
first lesson IICIimed at the National Youth 
Science Camp (NYSq. With two high 
school graduates chosen from each state 
and the District of Columbia for their 
achievements in science, I expected to 
meet 101 scienee geeks. lleamcd my 
lesson there, too. And they all learned that 
not everyone from Califomia surfs. 

Founded by the State of West Virginia 
in 1963 for its centennial anniversary, the 
NYSC is funded by the state, private 

companies and 
alumni, all interested 
in promoting science 
as an exciting and 
fun career field For 
three and a half 
weeks, an expenses 
paid, science 
campers learn about 
science, as well as 
themselves. 

CLOSE-UP 

Activities such as hiking in the 
Monongahela Forest, kayaking the New 
River or climbing Seneca Rocks build 
confidenc:e in the campers and offer what 
may be a once in a lifetime experience for 
many of them (you'll never catch me 
clinging to the face a rock again, butI'm 
glad I did it!) 

Those wild and wonderful West 
Virginia hills held a lot of surprises. A 

G 
cave near our camp 
was magically 
transformed into the 
"Bat Cave" for a 
lecture on meteorol-
ogy. 

Two years later 
when I was a stapher, 
the same cave 
became the mystical 
land of Oz for • 

lecture on lirmology. 
UnfonunaIeIy, the peat Oz didn't 

favor us thal day (perhaps the I'08dkill 
Totos we made otrended him?). He killed 
the generator for the slide projector, and 
we had to continue, without the slides, 
under the feeble illuminalion of three 
tnJsty tlasbIishts-

Lecturers c:crtainIy ~ willing to go 
out on a limb, or even bring in a limb, for 

us. Dr. Rick Walker, a delegate from Ohio 
in 1964, brought in specimens for campers 
10 dissect as pan of his Iccturc "Human 
Hand Anatomy - Function Follows 
Form." 

Other lectura'S included David 
Masunap (Hawaii '75) on"Ferns, Slime, 
Lightning and Origami - Why are the 
Mountains Always Freer ( .... intr0duc-
tion to fractal gcomeby). and Dr. loon 
Nguyen (Washington '79) on "How 10 
Solve the Rubik's Cube MarhematicalIy." 

NOI aD the Iecwrcrs were past science 
camp delepfes. however. In Auguse 
1991, AsUonaut 81)'11J D. O'Connor made 
his fU'St public speech after recurnina from 
his mission as commander of • Columbia 
shuttle ftigIL During a SenIle luncheon 
hosted by West VirJinia SenaIor Robert 
c. Byrd. Secretary of Defense DicIt 

See CAMP. Page 6 

Moaday, 0cII0bcr 21, 1991 

COMMENTARY 

So Many 
Expectations 
• For a first-year s'l!doo~ 
college life pomises much, 
but frequently disawoints 
By .............. 
ContOOutirW 0IJin1on Writer 

The provost finished his welcome 
speech. He smiled at us. We smiled 
happily back. We were even willing 
to take nOIes to show our gratefulness 
at not having to ask any questions. 
With a dramatic, nervously energetic 
gesture, hej1ipped open the doors 
that concealed the chalkboard and ... 
the words "Welcome to four years of 
hell" warmly greeted us. 

Bathed in June sunlight, written in 
an emphatic downward scrawl, the 
ghost of the words remained visible 
even after a hurried erasure. TIle rest 
of the afternoon had a faintly 
ominous undertone - for me al 
least 

[t's not that it was such a momen-
tous event. It's just that I had been 
under the delusion that I had just 
escaped from four years of hell 
(actually 13). Although I had not 
fooled myself into thinking that life 
would be all sunshine and cream 
from now on, I was looking forward, 
with only slightly dubious eagerness, 
to the beginning of Life. (Note the 
capital L). 

No more grinding routine, strict 
discipline, insipid teachers, and 
aUSlralopithicine (there, I learned 
somethinJ from my MMW class, at 
least) classmates with Coors in a 
circle freshly minted on their 
foreheads for me. I was going to 
college! 

I would take course in dozens of 
arcane subjects - anything which 
happened to ~ my fancy. And, 
of cot.miO, I would excel in all of 
them! I would attend extravagant, 
sophisticated, urbane social gather-
ings. at which I would be sophisti-
cated, extravagant, and UJbIme! I 
would have my (proverbial) dance 
card filled! I would aid the suffering 
and the needy! I would join a dozen 
organizations, and twenty clubs! 

I would (drumroll, please) become 
Renaissance Woman! 

And on the seventh day, I would 
res .. 

Most of you out there are probably 
not suffering from such delusions of 
grandeur. It is very likely that you 
have guessed the two basic reasons 
why my modest plan has nOI quite 
taken shape during this, my thild 
weelt at college. I'm going to teU 
them to you anyway. 

FU'Sl of all, college- is nOI in the 
slightest way devoid of bureaucracy, 
repression, and quasi-sentient beings 
passing themselves off as learned 
folks. (Apparently nowhere is free of 
these curses. I knew that, somewhere 
in my little inside, but I had c0n-
vinced myself that somehow 
universities were diffcrenl). 

The second problem is a siq)Ie 
matter of not having enough time. 

TheR is, however, a thinI reason 
why I'm dcvelopina a case of angst 
even before midterms. It's a harder 
one 10 admit than the re8IOII thII col. is not • ranr.y come tnIC, 
and that it contains the same old 
prbIae thal made up my fonnaIive 
years. It's thai coUeae is new and 

See EXPECTATIONS. PaCe 6 

Tbc UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

SMraI ~ at the Women's Conference 
Reasonable, intelligent thinking waS to be found at this weekend's conference 
11Iebellllid.,..ofmiceandjoumal-

illloa..,..aay. 
1_ .... 1 weal to the 1991-92 

WCIaIl', ConfeoIlDOilIbis weebod with 
• c:IaIe41Diad. EYeD cbouab one is not 
suppoeed to do Ibis, years of fcmiJ:Usm 
have liken 1beir IOU OIl my objectivity, 
W11b the excepcion of a few troublemak-
ers. I was aD wrona-

The first event was the Adricnnne Rich 
poetry reading. Under "the wann Califor-
nia sky," she read some worts from her 
new book entitled AnAtlas of the Difficult 
World. The poem I enjoyed the most was 
idyllic. It described fann wcnersandother 
middlc>-Arnericancharacters. Imbued with 
a midwestern flavor, this pan of her read-
ing was nicely accented by the majesty of 
eucalyptus trees and the clear night sky of 
the Grove Caffct 

Every now and then sbc would strike a 
Leftist cord with phrases such as "Patriots 
are people not missles:" In addition. scat-
tered throughout the whole work were 
little jibes at money, capitalism and even 
Vietnam. But, as a whole, Rich is a very 
talemed woman whose pocttyconjures up 
distinctive mental images. 

I was starting to wonder if my whole 
conception ofthc conference was made in 
haste. UCB Chair Molly McKay put this 
doubt to rest. Once Rich was finished, the 
fiery-baired McKay ascended to the po-
diumand belted out, "UCSDaodthe<llan-
ceUor would have their socks knocked off 
if they could see all these stroot women. .. 
Although I consider my sldU at interpret-
ing poetry embryonic, it w. Dot difficult 
10 tell that Rich's poetry was Dot written in 
• bostiIe tone. 'l'hemoie. it was a slap in 
Ibc fIICC to bear McKay's dialribe after 

RECOIL/ _ .. -, ,_~' ", , 

such an enjoyable reading. I started to 
dread having to anend more. 

Saturday greeted me with the possibil-
ity of attending three feminist workshops. 
Deciding between such nanJeS as "lesbi-
anism in Feminism" and "Alternative 
(Women's) Spiritualities" was a difficult 
choice. In the end I picked "Beyond Femi-
nism: Anarchism & Human Freedom" and 
"Let's Get Radical: Fighting to Win in the 
'90s." 

The first workshop began with the 
speaker denouncing eco-feminism - the 
theory that women are inherently better 
that men. I looked around to make sure 1 
was at the right conference. She and her 
male counterpart proceeded to state that all 
oppression was bed.1bey advocatedanar-
chy as a counter to capitalism. This would 
do away with the traditional hierarchical 
systems. resulting in equality for all. Then, 
I knew that I was at the right conference. 

The conversation waS interesting and it 
gave me a chance to see all the new Politi-
cally Correct terms put id use. There were. 
however, some pro-fcminist dissidents. 
lndccd, one male, after speaking for five 
minutes. pointed out that men were (lomj-
lUlling the conversation. After saying that 

COMMENTARY 

anarchists who advocate private property 
arereaUyextreme right-wingeis,he added 
that all the men sbouldstop monopoliz.ing 
the conversation. This aside, it was an 
intriguing, albeit esoteric, discussion. 

I assumed that the next workshop, 
"Lets Get Radical," would be ftlled with 
fire and brimstone. I was ready fcroppres-
sion. 

'Ibis turned out to be a workshop for 
improvingtheorganizarionalskillsofvari-
ous politiCal groups. The speaker kept 
saying "let's get radical" and I would 
immediately grab my pen, expecting a 
good quote. It never came. Indeed, she 
supported scrapping the old '60s-style 
consensus method and replacing it with 
democracy. 

In other words, decisions ought to be 
made by the majority rather than by the 
total consent of all members. As she aptly 
pointed out, "The consen us method 
doesn 't work." The speaker even went as 
far as to say that we should form a third 
party and try to work within the system. 
Hermostr.ldica! statement was that women 
ought to defy the law if abortions are 
outlawed Throughout the workshop, she 
continuously refered to herself as a mili-
tant. I did not believe her. 

Like a drowning man grabbing for a 
straw, the radical Left is trying to stay 
afloat in the current conservative waters 
of American politics. I went expecting to 
hear polemics, but left with a renewed 
interest in the political theories of modem 
feminist thought. Of course, I disagreed 
with most of what was said, but this new 
style goes down much easier. If they keep 
this up, it is going to make writing my 
commentaries very difficult. 

Just Say 'Yes': Why the War on Drugs is a Bad Joke 
• Meddling, power hWlgIy 
politicians, not drugs, are 
the problem with America 
"My sex and my drugs and my rock and roll 
Are all my brain and body ne~ds ... all right? 
Sogetyourfuckingpiss-cockoUlofmyfucking 
face" 

-Perry Farrell, between songs on 
Ritual de 10 HabitUilI 

Forapartyof supposed liberals, the Dem0-
cratic Party sure seems to contain a lot of 
Republican ass-kissers. The latest in the trunlc-
to-tail parade of shit-sucking elephants is 
Doug Wilder, Virginia govemor andpossible 
presidential (yikes!) hopeful. 

As if it weren't sufficient that we allowed 
these lecherous leeches to fellatiate us with 
their flag-waving during the Persian Gulf 
War. now the Democrats are tr)Iing to out-
nazi the Republicans in the race to see who 
can commit the most atrocities in the "'Waron 
Drugs." 

Doug Wilderdlinkscollegestudenls should 
be randomly drug-tested. 

Y ~ you know, all of us exll'el11ely dan-
gerous coUege students. Just look at how 
we're dragging down the nationaIlQ average 
with our constant partying. And who can 
fcqet aD the crack-crazed murder sprees we 
keep aoing on. plunging the rest of this peace-
lovina. God-fearing nation into utter, uncon-
troUablepanic ... dIaos? Or the roving gangs 
ofcollegesludcnlsprowliog thestreelS, knoclc-
ing down defenseless old ladies and kicking 
their faces in, just 10 we can steal their Social 
Security checks to feed our smack habits? 

AMATEUR TERRORIST .:~~ : -'.'-', 
SollY. Doug. But if we college students 

can devote our souls so C9fIlpletely to the 
ultimate demon, drugs, and still graduate 
on to positions of prominence in industty, 
science, politics and the ans, that seems to 
me to be the ultimate argument that you and 
your chest-thumping, closed-minded. 
clean-living bigots need to be doing more 
of them yourselves. 

Unfortunately, the rest of Arnerica(their 
stupidity aside) can't follow that argument, 
They never even get to the end of it, be-
cause inunediately upon hearing the magic 
keyword, "drugs," their eyes aJaze over, 
their synapses lock and stock media im-
ages of incoherent, excrement-coaced der-
elicts suclcing on smoldering crack pipes 
flash over and over in their heads, blocking 
any further sensory input 

But hey, haven't you heard? Drugs are 
bad. 

So I guess Huxley nearly had it right. 
His 8ra~ N~w World inhabitants uttered 
catchy little moralistic phrases in lieu of 
actually thinking about the physical, men-
tal and moral consequences of their use of 
the drug, Soma. Today, Americans do the 
same thing, except we've been conditioned 

to "Just Say No." 
FUMy,I've never previously thought of 

using the words "Nancy Reagan" and u ge_ 
ni~" in the same sentence, but she (or wh<r 
ever wrote that for her) sure had her mind-
control shit together. 

Just think, we've got a generation of 
teenagers coming at us anned with absolute 
ignorance of the effects of various drugs, 
beyond shock-value teaching such as "If he 
could, Len Bias would tell you your flBt 
noseful of cocaine can stop your heart cold. .. 
Of course. if he could, Hank Gathers would 
probably give us the same warning about 
running down a basketball coun. 

A tasteless example, to be sure. But no 
worse than the hideous torture our right to 
privacy has been taking at the sadistic hands 
of George Bush's heavily hyped and oh-so-
important War on Drugs. 

PeIlY Farrell, lead singerofJarie 's Addic-
tion, was arrested last week because a maid 
found drug paraphernalia in a hotel room he 
was using to edit video footage of the 
LoI1apa1ooza Tour. 

What? A musician using drugs? Well, we 
can all bre8the a deep sigh of relief now that 
this dangerous thug has been apprehended 
The world is saved. 

Y eah,l know, taking drugs won't answer 
life's problems. But they're not the problem, 
either. 

The War on Drugs is George Bush's 
cynical, half-ass attempt to cover up the fact 
that he has absolutely no fucking clue why 
the United Stales has rising unemployment, 
soaring inflation, a deepening recession and 
a rapidly fading global role as anything more 

See DRUGS, Page 6 



6 OPINION 

DRUGS 
ConIInuId from .... 15 
than a high-tech squadron of mere» 
naries. Well, now that those devi-
ous, brain-washing Convnies are 
no longer a threat, we need to have 
some kind of whipping-boy. 

ScapegoaIsarcgJal. Thcyranove 
the need for us to admit that the real 
reason that America is rapidly sliding 
into the sewer is that we're basically a 
bunch of lazy, overfed. unmotivated, 
unden:ducarcd, 1V -pablum-swilling 
morons, who only SOl off ourfal asses 
long enough to find a new excuse for 
our sloth because Communism died 
while we were busy waIching our 
videos of "The Heroes of Desert 
Storm." But bey, alleast we're drug-
free slobs. 

According to a recent report, 
public education is now so bad that 
at a certain Milwaukee high school, 
only tw(rfifths of the students gradu-
ate, of which only a quarter can 
read. Way to go, Mr. "Education 
President." Our students may have 
a 90 percent stupidity rate, but at 
least they're noc stoned. 

SoI1)', George. but pouring all 
our billions into telling kids noc to 
do drugs, and into paying for more 
cops to arrest them when they do, 

Fall 
Transfer 
Students 
Needed! 

Get $25 in Dining Plus 
for participating in 

discussions on 
campus housing 
and off campus 
alternatives. Call 
534- 1 095 for more 

information. 

isn't gonna teach American school-
chiIdIen to read. Or write. Or IIdd. 

And then. maybe once we've 
sonen this shit straightened out, we 
can teach Congress how to ba1ance 
checkbooks. 

So who's taking credit for this 
f.ceof a social program? Pompous 
self-righteous lUrd-mWIChen like 
George Bush and Doug Wilder. 

And us. forpuUing them in power. 
But this is the way it's always 

wodted. Our elected offICials, espe-
cially on the national level, are a1-
lIlOSIalI withered, impotent old men, 
often (Reagan, Jesse Helms, Strom 
Thunnond) bordering on senility. 
Which. of coone, is mainly caused 
bytxtrememenlalanguishovertheir 
sagging, atrophied penises. 

So, too old to fuck, and funher 
beaten down by their inability L'i 
public figures to drown their sor-
rows in alcohol and drugs. their only 
other option is to start rutting away 
on the rest of us. 

So I guess it really all comes 
down to this: All these losen in the 
White House. Congress and the 
Supreme Court really need is to 
smale a good bongload and get a 
good b1owjob. 

For the sake of naIional security, it 
seems JjJce a sma\l sacrifICe to make. 

The UCSD GuardIaD 

CUi ............. 15 
does conIain the means to raIize 
my fancasies 85 well. College really 
is the bepmingofLife. And frankly, 
I'm noc ready for iL 

Oh, I could menIion a few c0n-
crete thinp thai convinced me IhIl 
the world 'NIlS Iwd and the wortd 
was oonfusin, and thal college was 
only a s1iJhdy miniarurized venion 
ofiL 

There is ever-increasing c0m-
puterization of our world. It cer-
tainly touchs us here - electronic 
meal cards, the pldhora of multi-
digit irnpersonall.D. numbers, and 
the phones, which sit unguarded on 

CAMP 
ContInued 110m .... 4 
Oleney addressed the camp. 

Also during the camp's visit to 
Washington, D.C., the delegates 
weft! treated out to an evening 81 The 
Kemedy Center for ~ Phanrom 
ollh~ Opera. 

Slwing such a unique experi-
erJCe gave all 102 delegales a c0m-
mon bond, and the friendships they 
formed there were special ones. 

a table. conoectina us to a facelea 
voice which, in tum, give us more 
numben and more promises to in-
staU our telephones. 

There is.Jso my friend who wL'i 
distrauJbl because she saw a police-
man yank a &irl to the ground by her 
hair. Not for any political stance. 
though. b W85 because the girt had 
been drinkina-

However, these are things that 
have only touched tangentially 
upon my life. Paradoxically, I am 
frightened because noching of great 
consequence bas happencd.1 CIIIJ1e 
to college cxpcctina to be pam-
pered, seduced. threatened. chal-
lenged. I did not expect to be ig-
nored. 

I'll never forget the time when 
my friend Richard from Delaware 
called me late one nighl to tell me 
he'd seen one of the delegates. Scot 
FagerJand from South Dakota, on 
the Carson show that night. With 
the time diffeletlCe of three hours, I 
had time to set my VCR to record 
the show and watcb Scot. 
. He hID the mnazina ability to 
read texts in which he would take 
every word, alphabetize its Ictten 
and then ~ite it back. 

Monday, 0cIDbcr 28, 1991 

So. to sum up, wball bPe IeIrned 
incolleac so far is that beD isdiscov-
ering that there are no havens in life. 
Some people may have come here 
knowm, this. 

Me, I'm a little slow - it took 
me three weeks.l..ater, there will be 
time for me to tell in further detail 
whaI in life mllk:es me want to beat 
my tad against the wall. and what 
makes me sing. 

I will go slowly. I will try not to 
dcvelop a maudlin post-John 
Hughes altitude, eternally bem0an-
ing that the student's Jot is jusl not a 
happy one. BUll will speak from my 
own limited perspective. 

Because, basically, that 'sall I've 
gOl. 

For example, "Carson" would 
be"Acnors." JotvIny WL'i impressed. 
and so were the rest of us across the 
nation that night. 

Science camp becomes a home 
away from home for a lot of people, 
and even though John Denverreally 
sana about westem Vil'Jinia. his 
song sticks in the mind of many 
campen: "Take me home, to the 
place, where I belong - West Vir-
ginia. mountain mama, take me 
home, COUIIb')' roads ..• . " 

1lIUf?SDAY. 
OCfOBEP If. f99f 

":30 AM - 12:30 PM 
IN fl'ONf or fHE MUSIC PROVIDm 
UCSD Boo(SrOf?E ASSO~~ VINYL 
ON 'THE flPSr FlOOP 

FIRST 150 TO GP AB YOUP r AVOPI1I 
PARTIaPATE SEr or BAr WINGS 

GSTSFR& 
HALLOW..... AND rL Y DOWN 

TREAT BAGS! rop A CHANCE ro WIN: 
FUNNfES"f COS1llME' 

lst place· 13" color tv 
2nd place· nintendo set 

SCAPlES"f COS1llME 
lst place· vcr 

2nd place '. cordless phone 
MOST' OPIGfNAL COSnJME 

lst place· cd player 
2nd place· answering machine 

NEW! - GI?OUP CA"fEGOPY 
prize· bookstore certirlCates . 

PUMPk1N CArMNG CON'f'ESfl 
$25 bookstore certificate for each category winner 

ENTRY FORM 

o Funniest 0 Scariest 
o Most Original 0 Pumpkin Carving 
o Group Costume Contest 
I ~I SI ) 
E-t"-,)C)K~> 1 (>J-lL 

Bring this fonn with you to the 
contest. Comest entry time is from 
~ 10:30 to 11:ISAM. BringCarved 
~~~'iii~-~~ Pumpkins in at 9AM. Thank you ii for participating, and GOOD LUCK I 
S34 - ~EAD 

Moaday, 0cI0ber 21, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

A.5. President Responds to Criticism 
Editor: 

As presidenI of the Associared 
Students, and due to the fact that I 
have also come under flJ'C, I feel it 
necessary to respond to the criti-
cisms and allegations made by 
Sheryl Wolcott id'herconunentary 
("Some Appearances of impropri-
ety," Oct. 21). Some of the specific sition cunendy exists on COWICil, 
things that I would like to touch on and could not be established with-
are: "the Matthew Schnurer contro- out a special referendum and vote 
versy," the "poor leadership" that by the student body. This has 
the COWlCii has allegedly exhibited prompted theA.S. to start a taskforce 
and criticism about my job L'i presi- thai will be charged with writing a 
dent thus far. progranuning charter that may well 

The position of commissioner of need a di~tor of programming, 
programming hL'i evolved a great requiring a special election this fall 
deal within the last couple of yean. or early Winter Quarter. 
We have scen programrningon this The next issue I would like to 
campus grow and expand since touch on is that of the council's 
Matthew Schnurer has been ~ "poor leadership." Although "only 
granuner.ltisalmostimpossiblefor eight percent" (actually nine per-
one person to do the job that Matt cent) of the undergraduates voted in 
hL'i done., the wt election and even though 

Sheryl, you are right in stating "many candidates ran uncontested, 
that "there are, without question, andotherpositionswerelefiempty," 
inherentproblemswiththeworkload this does not mean that this council 
and expectations of the A.S. Pro- is noc doing a good job. 
grammer." The reason for thai is This year's council is a dedi-
very clear. As amatteroffact, it was cated group of individuals that are 
as clear two years ago as it is now. making changes to bener their fel-

No onc can or should do the low constituents. Once again, the 
amount of work that programming . council has been called "inexperi-
requires alone. Since the first time enced." I must disagree. 
that Man was elected. he knew that This council is strong and pro-
he would need a committee to help fessional, andl have been very proud 
him. He has chosen to do the job of the way that it hL'i handled itself 
alone, never submitting any type of during council debates. I fail to see 
programming charier until recendy. where the "A.S. meetings are filled 

MatthL'idoneagoodjob,butthe with circular arguments ... [andj 
council and I are not willing to com- wasted time." 
pensate him, or any programmer In fact. A.S. Council Bylaws re-
that works alone for 50-60 hours a lating to financial decisions were 
week, because he/she has not fully _ passed last week to ensure that more 
anempted to use a COfIlHlittee to time can be allocated working on 
delegate the work.lhus cutting down other issues and topics. This was not 
the strain or burden put on only one even mentioned by the GUIUdian. 
penon. Now I would like to address those 

In reference to the "stipend in- allegations made against me. First, 
creases [that] were discussed and let us start off with those remartcs 
ultimately rejected," I would just made about the Sept 19 regents 
like to remind you that Man WL'i the meeting, where funding for RlMAC 
only person to get a stipend over the WL'i approved. 
summer, in essence an increase that I am charged with being "con-
no one else received. . tent to sit and watch Graduate Stu-

And what about the allegations dent Association President Denise 
tbal a proposal for a Director of Fcntonreadaletterofstudentgriev-
Programming "WL'i submitted by ances and, in fact, turned down a 
one COWICil member, but the Rules chance to address the regents per-
Committee has noc yet met to con- sonaIly." 
sider it"? b is correct thai I did not speak 81 

For your infonnaIion, the pro- theregenlSmeetingbutyouarevery 
poaI was looked 81 by the Rules wrong in saying thai I WL'i content 
Committee and was rejected as un- about iL 1be fact of the maaer is that 
consIitutional because no such po- DenisewasspeakingforUCSAand 

thus there could only be one speaker. 
I made a conscious decision not to 
speak, but made sure that our views, 
slud~nls' views, weRl presented by 
her. 

In regards to the San Diego City 
Council meeting where I "went to 
speak against proposed regulations 
for so-called mini-dorms, but in-
stead ended up leaving before the 
council even discussed the issue." 
We did leave, because Vice-Presi-
dent External Affairs Siamak Majek 
and I had spoken against the is ue at 
a previous meeting. 

Lastly, the appointment of John 
Edson as VCSA Representative, 
John has proven ltimself as a strong 
advocate for tudent rights on this 
campus. and any hesitations that I 
may have had during the Spring 
quaner were worked out. 

Jolm will now be working on the 
state front and I have cvery confi-
dence that he will do above and 
beyond what is expected of him as 
VCSDrepresentative to the Univer-
sity of Cali fomi a Student Associa-
tion. 

It is always good to get construc-
tive criticism when one holds a p0-
sition such as mine. orthecouncil's. 
In the future though. I would hope 
that these critici m be addressed to 
the source first , so that some of the 
discrepancies and misunderstand 
ings CWl be taken care of before such 
commentaries can be credibly 
printed. 

Agustin Orozco 
President, ASUCSD 

The UCSD Guardian wel-
comes your letters and com-
mentaries. Drop your letter at 
the Guardian offices (on the 
second floor of the old Stu-
dent Center, abovc the Gen-
eral Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92092~316 

Letters should be typed, 
double-~ and must in-
clude a signature and a phone 
number. Unsigned letters will 
not be printed. Letter writers 
will be contacted to verify 
their identities. We reserve 
the right to edit for Iength and 
clarity. 

The Comic Gallery 
_ ..... a_ 
San DIe&o, CA 92117 

comer of s.IboIl & 
CI,lltemOnt Dr .. next to 

Lucl/)' MtJrllBt 
(811)4834113 

.7 ...... ........, 
ESCondido. CA 92925 

Country Comer 
S/Iopp/tW Center 

at 81'08dway & Wllshington 
(81')7411880 

OPINION 7 

UCsD NIGHT 
IS BACK! 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 

Sun..Thun. ~ J: ~!> 
11 om-12pm 

Fri.·Sat. 
IIom-2cn • Lunch 

• Dinner 
, Oystwlar 

7536 FAY AVE ~ CALL 456-BREW • 21/w student ID 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses ElIlended s orl Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily 'gas penn. hard Brown eyes 10 blue 

*Includes: CL exam, care kit. myopic lenses. 30 
Brands include B&L. Cooper. WJ, 
Para penn. Boston. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

• S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llty Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

Call now for your FREE Diagnostic test 
and consultation: 
587-8600 



8 NEWS 

FREE 
DOliN 

::JfoaJers & 9Lfis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

CARNAnONS 
San Olego, CA 92122 

SS8-6666 • ..... """_oISI0 ...... . Nul ........ .., .......... . """"",91»'91. 

Congratulations 
to the Fall 

Pledge Class 
of 

Alpha 
Omicron Pi 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• You Can Sleep Thru It AU 
• $50 UCSD Student Discount. 
• Close to Campus with Free Parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 
• With lIudmllD 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459-5565 
<470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

STUDY KOREAN! 
CourM TItle SectIon D!l TIme ... /Raa. 
1B FirM Y_~1Dn 1211M8 Tut. f.tfIF 2-2:5apm 1IlCt2o& 
18 FlI'IIY~ 131121 Tut. f.tfIF 3-UCIpm HSSZS21 
1 B FlI'II Y_1ConYerMIIDn 131130 Tut. f.tfIF ~ YORKaoII 
1B ArMY_JC:onwrNtion 1311131 Tut. f.tfIF W:5Opm \'tlAK4CDOB 
18)( FlI'II Y_/~ 12t147 lAc. TilTh ~:2IDpm UNEX142 
28 Second YrlConwrullon 128857 Tut. TuThf .$o3:5Opm U413M 
2B Second Yr~ 131832 Tut. TuThf 4-4:5Opm HSS1131 
2BX Second YrfAMllyalta 12IIM lAc. tIIN 4-UIpm TatI141 

1008 Thild-Y_ ~ 12U12 lAc. TuTh 1-2:2Opm RBC1301 

Instructor: KH. Lee 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

Callof cMI* ' 2nd 30 lin dip .3ue 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a ~ .... ID.I;r..a caUIe IRIMICh mn 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday CtI204 
_~-... ... 455-0909 

The UCSD GIIU'dian 

SCIENTISTS 
CUe .... d ........ 1. 
DIion ex_ 10 aM fanaIes die 
axDpditiw .... "buiJdinauplbeir 
confidc:occ for a worUJa caviron-
meu. 

Amy ~ of A WJS lidded !bit 
tbeIe IIdIIa ..-e difticub 10 obcain 
dwina .. idea .......... acian or 
durina the nonnaI .,.all Ibrouah 
JI'IIduMe ICbooI beauIe IDOIt iosa-
1Utionai&ncR1he m..,.laliOtoflUCh 
skiDs, ew:n Ibouablhey a'e inIbu-

~ 10 c.reer .tuncealdJt. 
Vice 0Iancd1or of AAdemic 

AffairI M-.;orie c.eno. COOIid-
eftId 10 be a role model who 11M 
prospeaed in her field by breakins 
inIo male power III'UCtuIeI, walhe 
main speaker at !he event. 

Sharina her experialiOtS from a 
aner in science, she said "Nobody 
eocouraaed me 10 go to college, for 
those weft: the days when WOI11tiI 
were simply not encourqcd 10 go to 
[college] -let alone into scienc:e.. .. 

In England. allhe end of Wortd 
W. n. Cacrio received a chemis-
try degree at • time when under-
graduate programs were "totally 
male-dominated. There were no 
women in !he faculty [and] there 
weft: no womcnin!hestudcntbody." 

C 1. 'lde-MIlS'. 
TbeocwboOblDllllioaeclby 

Corbea and ...... ., biac:uINIII 
price IiII 'MIIrJ BldtIt.1. CGIcMhII 
lIItd iIIApp/ictItiotu ... CtIIcIlbu 

CONFERENCE 
ConIInued fnIm .... 3 
tims in another workshop. Durin, 
this session, several participants 
noted experiences in which they 
had been seltually harassed by pr0-
fessors. 

One of the more off-beat work-
shops was" Altemative (Women's) 
Spiritualities" conducted by Z. 
Kripke, a woman who wears many 
hats including her position as a d0c-
tor at the UCSD Student Health 
Center, and a teacher of gnosticism 
at the Learning Tree and the director 
of Spiritual Formation and Dignity, 
a gay and lesbian group. Durin, the 
session, panicipants Practiced spiri-
tual rituals influenced by many cul-
tures, such as Native American, In-

'"Can you inwpIe youneIf p 
ina 1bnJuP .. undeajiidullle ... 
pee wi1houI ever -.. anodIcr 
won.r abe ubd. 

Today, althou.h American 
WOIDtIIIIill encounIIer cDlacles in 
ICieoce, they have a cbale 10 IIIC-
ceed if they _ wiIIiDa lOovalCIOIDe 
Ibe8e iqledimeolll, CaIerio said. 
She inIiIIed .... "no IIIMIer bow 
wabby or poor you lie, it is pol-
sible for IadielIO ao to coDeae ... 
10 gnduIIe school, there are sup-
port mechInisma. But in Europe 
dial is just simply not the c:Me - it 
wan 't lhecase when I WII younaer 
and it', certainly not IheCllle now," 

However, accordIna 10 Cuerio, 
it is SliD common for women to be 
poorty .tpeaealled in subjccls like 
physics .... chemistry. 

Some women say this is due 10 a 
lackofrole models in thesefteldsof 
study whidJrnalte theanseem unde-
sirable 10 women when fields like 
biology have a hish nIIioofwomen. 
"[Women] think it's Cllierto get in 
becauae they see someone else [of 
their sex] who hIlS done it," Cole 
said. 

Fresh out of c:oUege .... with a 
science ~, women may en-
coontel'more hurdles. 

Many jobs in the sciences are 

dian and Kripke's own ludaism, 
1be conference concluded on 

Sunday wid! !he presentation by 
Anzaldua. Anzaldua touched on 
many issues CUI1'eI1t.Iy important in 
feminism and !he empowerment of 
ethnic minorities, such as the role of 
men in feminism and the use of 
language to label cenain groups and 
to create an identity. 

Anzaldua noted her belief that 
feminism is nota "monolithic move-
ment" but rather a multiplicity of 
viewpoints. "There is almost a dif-
ferent feminism forevery woman in 
d!is room. And there are feminist-
oriented males ... I'mglad [they are] 
included in your program, .. she said. 

According to Anzaldua, it is im-
portant for women to rcmemberthat 
a barrier in their struggle to occupy 

Moaciay, Oceobcr 11, 1991 

MaIjorie Caserio 
nevered¥ertised,acconIiIlllO~. 
"This is because they are filled 
Ihroush wont of mouth, they are 
filled by people who have ItiU a 
resume. You have a much beaer 
chance if you know somebody and 
if your name is setting thrown 
around, " she said. 

A WIS .... IJ'OUps like il help 
women avoid the predicament of 
beins unknown in the science field 
by offerin, mentorin& pIOIIans to 
science majon. 

SlUdentscan rcceivesupport and 
encouragement in mentoring ~ 
gnms. as well as meet SUIX':eSSfuI 
WOIDtil scientisls outside the class-
room. 

intellectual space is the fact that 
"thinss have always been shiny for 
women. Women have always been 
stepped on. " 

For Erin Filoteo, an undergradu-
alestudyingsocioloJy and women's 
studies at UCSB, Anzaldua isaposi-
tiveinfluence. "I'm very impressed 
with her writing. Beins a 0Iicana 
as well, I have found that the key is 
intearatins your identity as a 
Chicana and as a feminist. This is 
difficult at times." 

Anzaldua said she hopes that a 
desire fOr "unity" among feminist 
groups and ethnic groups will be 
replaced with a concern for the de-
velopment of "solidarity ... an un-
derstanding of each other," which 
she saw as operating through this 
women's conference. 

San Diego's revolutionary MCAT prep course! 
More than 130 hours of intensive review. 
Run by outstanding full-time teachers who really care. 
Over 1,400 pages of new fonnat review materials, 
questions and tests. 
A writing curriculum with 14 MCAT style essays 
(7 critiqued and graded). 
Four structured classes per week over twelve weeks. 
Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students/c~ass. 
Convenient classrooms across the street from UCSD. 

10lm-Midni1e (619) 455-1000 

Monday, October 18, 1991 

SCORE 
ConIInuId ......... 18 
lhey'U glance away in ernlJarriBs. 
meu. 

I'U say this for being in a fantasy 
league: I've become • data enIry 
god. I've made computer spread-
sheets thai calculate on-base per-
ceauges, .-.ios of baserunners al-
lowed per imings pitched, and oIh-
er arcane facts necessary for IUD-
nina a baseball Jeaaue. Enterins slats 
for houn into a spradsheet is not 
my idea offun, but ifl'm ina league. 
I've gOl to be the one to compile Ihe 
staas. Why? Simple. 

Otber people cbeat. 
Seriously. You think. I'm para-

noid, don't you? I know you. You 
do, You think I'm like that BUy ~ 
"GoodFel1as, "looking out for heli-
copters, circling my house. 

Perhaps the helicopters are 
manned by some of my memorable 
draft picks. like SidFemandcz (br0-
ken arm) or 1<* Offerman (who 
tore it up in Albuquerque) or lim 
Clancy (who, when I picked him 
two years ago, l11III1IIied to earn a 
5.00 ERA). 

But otberpeople docbeat. Satur-
day night I spoke to a person. who 

must remain anonymous. who ad-
mitted to me that as his league's 
statistician, he II1IIfIIIFd 10 fudge his 
team into Ihe money, Hedidn 'I tink-
er with IW team's Slats, no - he 
fooled with the really bod teams, so 
they toolt points away from his c0m-
petition. 

People cheaL I don't trust 'em 
When /keep Ihe staIS,l don't cheaL 
No, sir. When I'm Slatistician. I end 
up finished fifth, or eighth. or dead 
last. But other people ... they finish 
second. the weasels. 

So let', mix in horrifIC runber-
crunching and evil disuust along 
with apervenionoflhenanaral peKe 
of watdJina • bacbell pme as rea-
sons why fantasy league basebaU is 
evil, evil, evil. 

But at least I've leamed some 
other good things from this experi-
ence. 

Ilc.now thai lack Clartt is s0me-
one you should never have on your 
ream. at least not untillune or luly, 
when the weather W8iUIS up. I've 
learned to regret drafting Shawon 
Dunston, but I exulted at picldng up 
Tom Glavine out of the free agent 
pool. 

And I've leamcdjust how hard 
being a major league general man-

The UCSD Guardian 

ager must be. The art of making 
trades is one which escapes me. My 
history of trades is legendary ... and 
infamous. I once traded lack aark 
for Alfredo Griffin-trust me, there 
was a reason for it. I had basically 
clinched last place in my league's 
home run carcaory (and that's all 
lack Cluck is good for,kiddies)and 
desperately needed extra stolen 
bases. 

So, in my infmite wisdom, I trad-
ed for Feuucine Alfredo, figuring 
he'd give me some stolen bases. 

Oh, yeah, he gave me more than 
lack. Sw-e he did. 

In one month, he managed to 
swipe a grand total of two. 

Good trade. And you're saying 
10 yourself, I might as well have 
picked up Gerald Young, the hitless 
speedster from Houston. 

What, you think. me an idiot? I 
couldn't have picked up Young. He 
was already on my team. You could 
say I have something of a history of 
tenible fantasy spons teams. (I did 
win one fantasy league- butit was 
an NA.league, and wealllc.now that 
it really talces a brain trust to figure 
that sport out, don't we?) 

Then again, this year I managed 
to trade Rickey Henderson and Eric 

On ovem r 6 we are 
returning all Fall Quarter 
textbooks to their publishers. 

, 

Davis 10 Phil Gruen for Felix Jose 
and Andy VanSlyke. II wasagr~Q/ 
deal for me. Didn't matter. Phil-
the guy who picked the Padres to 
win it all- finished in the money. 
I sure as hell didn't. 

And at least I know some people 
who finished even lower than I did. 
Our dear Guardian Sports Editor 
and columnist Pete Ko finished 
eighth. Yikes. We got beaten by 
three guys from famed on-and-off-
and-on-carnpus-again fraternity 
Beta Theta Pi: the aforementioned 
Phil, who fmished second, and two 
guys named Steve and Dan, who are 
going to cackle all the way to the 
banlc. But I beat Pete. 1bere's some 
solace in that. 

Hey, I'm improving at this base-
ball league game. From last to in the 
bottom quarter 10 in the top half. 
And my trading's getting better. 
Maybe when I draft next year, I 
can ... 

Slop. 
Thanks . .. I needed that. 
Goodbye, Baseball. I'll see you 

next spring. You'll know me -I'll 
be the one pulling for the San Fran-
cisco Giants. 

And I'll be pulling forallofthem 
this time. 

c. 

=-1ft 
e 
t= 
• 
• 
• 

LJCSD 
H()( )K~~' (H~t-~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~ - A TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534 - 4557 ===~~ OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 

SPORTS 9 

w. V-BALL 
ContInued from pap 16 
pressed with the way UCSD played. 
"The first nine of 10 players are 
doing what they're supposed to do," 
Damevik said. 

Elizabeth Tan led the Tritons 
with 13 kills in 21 attempts for a 
remarkable .429 hitting percentage. 
Viklc.i .Van Duyne pitched in 10 
kills, and Heather Holtzclaw added 
nine. Setter lulie Fabian paced the 
attack with 37 assists. Dana Simone 
led the Tritons on defense with 16 
digs. Stacie Sasaki came off the 
bench to add four digs. 

Lack of concentration aside, 
UCSD appears to be in good shape 
heading inlo the season's home-
stretch. Oddly enough, despite the 
long and grueling season, the Tri-
tons have no major injuries, accord-
ing to Dannevik. Furthennore, they 
can look fOiWard to spending a few 
weeks at home - including the 
weekend of Regionals in mid-N" 
vember. Dannevik said that he elt-
peets UCSD to host Regionals. 

The win over CSU San 
Bemadinoupped UCSO's record to 
21 -5. The Tritons are ranked first in 
Division ill. 

FAIRMAIR'S 

COSTUMES 
JEANS & SHORTS 

BIKER JACKETS 
$99-$139 (new) 

USED SOl'S 
FUN,FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALE ClOTHES 
-487911fWPORT AVE. OCEAN BEAOl 

M·SAT. 1110 6:JOi' 222'()220 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(Positions limited) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 
training you can find! 

EARN $6-$ 12,000+ while 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992. 
Call 

1-800-KALL-UPP today 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • 

AliTA 
fttEE CONSULTATION 
454-6980, 737 Pc~rl 51. 
5te. 206·0, L~ )oll~ 
~Smic:es: 
• Pedicure/Manicure 
• Wd.ing ~~ 
• faci~1 



, . 

I' 

10 SPORTS 

_u .. _u ...... u ... 

FOOLI 
I ~ :r·:·) ~ 
.UND 

C J\ ll . () ) I J :,' ~ I',., [ Jl, 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of our concem, but seiling 

what you sell Is. 
ee, ... AdvertIIrl .. 1M-I ... 

These 
people must like you! . 
Please find their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Milamar) ............. 450-3323 
UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
La Jolla Brewery ......... .456·BREW 
Papachino's .......... ~ ..... 546·7666 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 
Salsa Rio ...................... 453-4050 
Gia's Pizza ................... 792·7521 
Heidi's .......................... 450·3044 
La Salsa ....................... 455-7229 
Domino'S ..................... 452.UCSD 
Choices ........................ 554·FOOO 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas ...................... 695-1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash 587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457·3384 

R~·s HM, PB .... .. ..... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546·7666 
La Jolla Barber ............ .459·5792 
Roccos. UTC ................ 455-0420 

UCSDBEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................... 455-0909 
Pinwheels ...... ............... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD FITN~SS 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .......... .... 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ................ ...... 452·9949 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
Banzai Bungee ............. 988-7272 
Paper Trends .. ....... ...... 450·9291 

The UCSD Guardian Moaday, Octobu 21, 1991 

w. POLO 
ContInued flam ..... 11 
the Bears. 

Gary Seelhorst drew first blood 
for UCSD when he took a Mike 
NaIu pass from one meter out and 
whipped it through into the right 
corner of the net. But the Bears 
responded right back, demonstraJ-
ing their unrivaled quickness when 
goalie Ludovic Salles found 
Humbert all aIonc at the Triton end 
of the pool. Humbert found hirmelf 
one-on-one with Warren. It's no 
reflection on the outstanding fresh-
man goaltender, but Humbert ver-

UCSD scored just once in the 
thinl paiod. Nalu fired a shot thai 
wasdef1ected Seelhorst, in the righl 
spot at the right time, picked up the 
\oose ball and scored to make it 9-4. 

Each side would !!COI'elWicemore 
in the rnatch, but theTriIOns couldn't 
close the gap any further. Still the 
relatively dose decision - by wa-
ter polo standards - left UCSD 
Head Coa:h Denny Harperencour-
aged - a state of mind he seems to 
be in quite often these days. 

"I'm really happy with the way 
we played." Harper said. "I think 
it'sobvious why they' re the number 
one team, but we did some real good 
things. 

as a Chaminade ejection led to a 
UCSD man-up opportunity. Greg 
Goodrich passed the width of the 
pool to Jason "1im\e" Brown who 
popped it into the upper right comer 
of the cage. The goal tied the game 
at I - I, but more impoItandy, marked 
Brown's212thcareergoaI,surpass-
ing the fonner school record of 211 
held by Tom Moore. 

After a quick stoppqe of play 
and congratulations for Brown, the 
Tritons went back to WOJi(. 

us Warren jusl wasn't much of a 
contest. and Cal had its sixth goal of 
the game. 

The Trilons did manage 10 malch 
Cal goal-for-goal in the period and 
trailed 7-3 at the end of the period. 

GuriIn Fit PIIOIO 
Jason "Turtle" Brown broke Tom 
Moore's school record for most 
career goals against Chamlnade. 

"They're a perennial champion-
ship team. They 've gol a lot oftra-
dition. But we're on the verge of 
establishing our own tradition." 

Goodrich was a man ftO( ·to be 
stopped. racking up assist after as-
sist after assist. When the numbers 
were lotaled, Goodrich had set a 
record for most assists in a single 
game with 10. 

He wasn'I the only one totaling 
. up big numbers. UCSD led 10-3 at 
the half before settling for the final 
IS-point margin. 

A definite factorfor UCSD was 
its inability 10 capitalize on six-on-
five opportunities. Cal gave the Tri-
tons plenty of chance; UCSD had 
nine power play opponunities on 
the afternoon. BUI they converted 
jusl one of the them - II Mike Nalu 

thi'rd on Oeding's second and Ihird 
goals of the game. The firsl score 
was triggettd by Eriks Krumnis. 

The Tritons wanned up for Cal 
with an easy 20-S win over 
Olaminade University Thursday 
afternoon. 

Saturday, al lhe4ger Invitational 
at Long Beach State, the Tritons 
again fell lOCal, this lime I4-Sinthe 
quanerfinals. Taking oovantage of the Tritons' UCSD expected little resistance 

from the Silvers words, and found 
lhat 10 be exactly the case. After 
powering inashotpastUCSDgoaIie 
Mike Warren, the Silverswords all 
but lost their shine. 

hOI from five melers out in the 
second quarter. 

et offense, Krumnis gambled, 
picked off a pass and then found 
Oeding on the other end of the pool 
just two meters out. 

Cal scored twice more in the 
Oedingdidthere tandCalwent 

up 8-3. TheTritonsquickly tied lhescore 

UCSD did manage a mild upset 
earlier in the tournament when the 
II th-ranlc.ed Tritons clowned 10th-
ranked UC Santa Barbara 11-7. 
All. [IIIBSporIafdblrKen PeItman 
conbIbuted to tills NIIOft. 

We're looking for ~ Who 
look at this glass and say: 
"There's gotta be other 

glasses of water." 

We need people capable of gOing 
beyond half· full or ha/f.'empty 
thinking. People who see subtlelles. 
Who are quite frankly bored by easy 
answers and off· the· shelf soIUIiOIlS. 

People who are constantly 
challenging their own thlnklng and 
are thirsty for new ideas and 
knowledge. 

You'1I have a degree from a top 
school. Getting a job woo't really be 
an issue. The question is: which job? 
Which industry? 

You doll'! want to get locked 
Into one area and then dIscover 
three to five years from now that you 
don't like It. By then you've Invested 
too much. 
Cl I99O _ _ ~M&Co.. s.c. 

Andersen Consulting oilers you 
the chance to work on a vanety 
of projects- with clients in a wide 
range of Industries. 

We are the leadet' In helping 
OfganizatlOlls apply information 

technolog~ to their business advan· 
tage. Every hour of every buSiness 
da~ we Implement a SOlution to help 
one of our more than 5.000 clients 
worldwide. 

What makes that POSSible IS the 
quality of our people. And the quality 
of our training. we're known for both. 

Because business and tech· 
nology are ever ·chanelng. we see 
traintng as a continuing process. 
And our $123·m""on Center for 

Professional Education in SI. Char1es. 
Illinois. Is just one measure of our 
commitment. We train you for a 
career - not just a job. 

Are you the kind of person we're 
talking about? The kind of person 
with an unquenchable desire for 
~ and professional arowth? 

If so, come talk to us. And 
find out more about a career with 
Andersen Consulting. 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

AIfIliUR ANOlRSEN • CO. 5 Co 

W1 ...... pfrom ...... :-

Please join Andersen Consullng at CW11nfonnaHon Seaion TueIday, October 29, 
beginning at 7:30 p,m" In the PrIce Center. AlIIudenII en welcome, 

()n.campua Intel ... wII be conducted November 22. 
PIeaIe COIIIact the Career ServIceI Center for IChecUng InbmaIIan. 

Monday, October 28, 1991 

Sally Weigand scored In the Tritons' 40 shutout of Redlands on Friday. 

W.SOCCER 
ContInued flam .... 11 
header past Cougar goalie April 
Reed. 

The goal was the first in a tidal 
wave of scoring. Azusa relied on an 
offsides-trap defense, hoping to 
catch theTritons wheneverthey tried 
to go deep. It worked a lot of the 
time, bul it simply wasn't enough. 

The Tritons added three more 
goals in the half, including a nifty 
one-on-one play with Katy Dulotk 
dribbling in from about 25 yards 
out. 

Reed tried to go for the diving 
stop, but Dulock softly rolled the 
ball just to her left to put the Tritons 
up 3-0. 

The Cougars improved some- . 
what in the second half, holding 
UCSD scoreless for one 40 minute 
stretch. But the Tritons scored twice 
in the remaining five, to render 
Azusa Pacific's effort rather mean-
ingless. Oleryl Parker took advan-
tage of a breakaway to put UCSD up 

S-O with just five minutes remain-
ing. 

Forty-five seconds later, Dulock 
hadyetanotherbrealcaway. Making 
the most of her opportunity, she 
finished it off for the Tritons' sixth 
and fmal goal. McManus must have 
swallowed his tongue, however, at 
the end of the play, when Dulock 
was slow getting up after colliding 
with Reed. For a squad (hat has been 
decimated by injuries all year, an-
other injury was the last thing the 
they wanted - or needed. But 
Dulock wasjust momentarily shaken 
up, and UCSD could celebrate the 
6-0 stomping with its hearts back in 
the vicinity of its collective chest. 

"It was good all-around perfor-
mance. Our bench players came in 
and did agoodjob,and it was a good 
team effort ," McManus said. 
"We've got our focus back now, 
taking it one game at a time. Now 
we've got to concentrate on the San 
Diego State game. That's going to 
be the big game of the season so 
far." 

IncIucIe8: SIIMICIOO and queIty IIeiaL 
Blow ~ and ~ $4 edra. 
fill .... prices rea. $21·$26 

.......... ~ ... 

...... ~---... 

StIndby fares .. sulIjIct to availability 
ot SIJIIIts. To insIft falter I8I'YICe. it·, 
best to come In on weekdays. 

..lAIa 
Gil\APFliCS 

457-3334 
8843 Vma La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla VII .... Center (Ralph'l, savOn) 

The UCSD Guardian 

M.SOCCER 
ConIInuecI flam .... 16 
quick consultation with the trainer, 
it was determined that Lodoen only 
had the wind knocked out of him. 

"At first, we thought il was his 
ribs," said teammate Chris Romey 
after the game, "because he's bro-
ken them before." 

Lodoen's injury sel the pace for 
the rest of the game, as it became 
obvious thaI the referees were going 
to let play slide a little to the wild 
side. 

Still, the fouls were relatively 
even with UCSD picking up 12 and 
Wesunont 14. 

Triton defender Mike Gerhardt 
and a Warrior forward took lhe 
referee's liberal attitude to heart, 
exchanging blows throughout the 
first half. 

Gerhardl started it with a charac-
teristically rough head shot. The 
forward responded with some over-
zealous elbow shots. 

The first haIf belonged to the 
defense. Stiff man-to-man pressure 
by both teams clamped down on the 
effectiveness of the wings and the 
upfield passing. 

HaIf the passes anempted were 
intercepted, which made the game 
look disjointed. 

II was less like a wild fire drill 
than calculated chaos. In other 
wonls, good defense - not bad 
passing - caused most of the tum-
ovelli. 

Westmont did manage several 
fast breaks, taking advantage of a 
Trilon defense lhat liked to creep 
forward. 

UCSD managed to hold the 
Warriors, however, with some 
timely slide-tacklinl' 

The Triton offense was quiet for 
the most part, bUI - spurred by lhe 
return ofLodoen- did manage one 
last effort before the firsthalfclosed. 

But Warrior goalie Dave 
Beuhring foiled a Triton header with 
a clearing tap and then clamped 
down on the rebound shot. 

UCSD Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong managed to look a1ter-

OOl('t StacW 
11 \ 11: \ ' II ." \'1" ', I 

Hourly Mac « IBM Rentals A. -Latest Software 
"W'Laser Print Output 

•••••••••• 
Quality Copies ~ 
- Full &: Self Serve ~ 

Transparandes ~ ......... . ~ Report Binding 
Extended Studtnt Hours 

100/0 Discount 
off.1 ca..-r-

products II services to III 
UCSD Student II FlCuity 

(wllhID.) 

--'Iller, Low" t..dor .. c.p,c-
I 

'" ", , f I ~, 

. . 

~ , , I ) \ I 

Iliitii 

.,. \ ." 
~. 

OM McOoweIl'GuW:Irl 
Mike Lodoen went down at the 
beginning of the game, but only 
had the wind knocked out of him. 
natel y satisfied and frustrated as the 
half ended in a 0-0 tie. "Romey's 
gOl to use his big frame to keep his 
guy off. He's starting to dribble and 
complicate things," he said at the 
half, using Romey to creale a live 
chl\lkboard. "J want him to keep 
things simple." 

It wasn 't a1\ complaints. " I was 
tempted to leave [Marlcl Melnik in 
afte r Lodoen (recovered) ," 
Armstrong said, "because he was 
really Slicking to his man [on de-
fense) ." 

At the same time, Warrior Head 
Coach Bob Fortosis was urging his 
team "to make better passe and cut 
the angle (on those passes) better." 

The Tritons entered the second 
half cautiously , looking for a change 
in the Warriors' offensive strategy. 
At Armstrong's direction, UCSD 
also looked for a smoother rotation 
from offense to defense for the fu 11-
backs and midfielders. 

In reality, ·though, the only 
changes were more thinking before 
upfield passes and increased ag-
gressiveness when the two teams 
clashed one-on-<lne. 

Romey was perhaps the best el(-

SPORTS 11 

ample of the lauer, charging into 
Warriors like a man possessed. Only 
after an especially nasly collision 
and a waming from the referee did 
he settle down. 

The second half looked 10 be 
another repeat of the scoreless firs l 
half, until Romey, on a pretty cross 
from Mike Alberts, put UCSD ahead 
1-0 with a twisting header. 

With 10 minutes left , the Tritons 
seemed to have the game in Ihe bag. 
Westmont, however, had other 
plans. 

Three minutes after Romey's 
goal, Westmont' JeffOlkswayput 
everyone back at square one. 

JeffHulseweh took advantage of 
a clumped Triton defense by drib-
bling around it and Ihen found 
Olksway hangin3 out in from of the 
net. 

Olksway notched the equalizer 
to send the game into overtime -
and what would be 30 minutes of 
scoreless soccer. 

The game wenl so long that the 
head referee joked that he "should 
have brought a sleeping bag." 

He might as well have called it. 
Overtime looked like a tired exten-
sion of the fillil 90 minutes of play. 
Both tearns foughl hard, bUI mo tly 
out of instincI and without any sort 
of cohesive plan. 

"I'll tell you three reasons we 
tied, and didn' t win," said Arm-
strong, extending his frigid fingers. 
"Claremont, Biola and Irvine. You 
don ' t play three games in one week 
and expectlo win again tateam like 
Westmont." 

UCSOis now 12-4- 1. The War-
riors, who lost by one to UCLA and 
Cal State Northridge - both Divi-
sion I opponents-are now 14-3- 1. 

"We have some good Division 1 
experience," Fortosis said. 

"But you have to respecI UCSD, 
especially because they are a Divi-
sion ill tearn." 

"They are a very physical team," 
Fonosis said. 

"We did all right \MIlen we kept 
the balJ moving. We lost it when we 
stopped and thought about it for 
awhile." 

WELCOME BACK UCSV! 
Healthy minds nourished with fresh . . 

cooked-to-order Mexican food from Salsa RIO 
• NO LARDS' NO PRESERVATIVES' CHOLESTEROL FREE 

'99¢' A_l.A4 'FREEl I I ~~.rQ I Beverage I 
~EEF TACO~ I with any I 
J'":':' == == == -, L comblnation.J I UCSDCOMBO- I __ _ 

'FREEl 
II Be.n I Cheese II 

Burrito 
I with any specials I 

Lr~ the m~u..J 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 

~~~J;~~;;h,~S-35-
Must pmenl iI;Houpon. &p. 11/11/91 

Please ask about our other services such as manicufe$ and hair care! 

--------------------COSTA VERDI CENTER 
8650 Gen.ee, S\e. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 



,. 

I . 

( 

12 CLASSlFDIDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
MUSICALS II MADRIGALS!! Check 
out 1he Vocal Mu.ic Society', 
organizational meeting Wedneeday. 
November 8 81 7 p.m. in the Loa 
Angel" Room, 2nd floor, Price 
Cent8r. Call Dan How 81488-7831 
for mo,.info. (10121-11/4) 

STOP thinking about it. Go on the 
Vail '91 ALl-CAL. TIx on sale 3rd 
floor of Price Center. Til( ani going 
fast. Ski. Party. Ski. Party. Ski. Party. 
Ski. Party. (10124-10131) 
Sldersl UCSD has a Ski T earn. Come 
to our meeting Wednesday. October 
30 at 6:30 p.m .• WLH 2204. Race 
against UCB. UCLA. USC. and other 
college ski teams. No prior racing 
experience needed. (10124-10128) 
CHICKEN FIESTA in the Holiday Ct. 
(next to SI. Germain's) would like you 
10 rip oultheir coupon and give them 
a try . (10/24-11125) 
"Looking for a Jewish connection?" 
Call Jewish Campus Centers. Lots of 
activities. 534-2521 . (10124-11130) 
UCSD Police Auclion. Saturday. 
November 2. 1991. Pre-auction 
viewing 9 a.m. Auction starts at 10 
a.m. Bikes. jewelry. watches. misc. 
Comer of Old Miramar and Regents. 
Refundable bidder card S 1. Call 534-
7335 for info. (10/24-10131) 
Third College Peer Advisors needed 
for Summer Orientation. Apply at 
Third Academic Advising , TCAB 120. 
(1 0128-10131) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-46441 
226-1962. (9123-1215) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only 15.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. 
Germain's. 452-9949. (9123·614) 
WORD PROCESSING. Teachers 
and students. Theses. term papers. 
manuscripts, resumes. Laser printer. 
Call Caroline Starr. 224-3679. (1017-
10131 ) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word processing. 
Engineers/chemists - skilled with 
ScientificWordProcessor.WritelEdit: 
reports. manuscripts, resumes. 
dissertations. Laser Printer. 1521 
Summit Ave., Cardiff. FAX:633-1624. 
VOICE: 753-5964. (10110.11/4) 
TRANSLA TIONS:French. German, 
Spanish. Italian. Certified. Prompt. 
professional work guaranteed. 
Lowest ratesl Contact Isabelle. 
Phone. 259-7193; Fax. 259-6211. 
(10117-10128) 
TYPINGlWORD PROCESSING. $41 
page. Academic manuscripts,theses, 
papers. others. Fast accurate service. 
Free campus pickup. Isabelle: 259-
7193; FAX. 259-621 1. (10117-10128) 

~UCSD 
uuARDIAN 

NEWS WRITERS 
MEETING 

TONIGHT 
6 p.m. 

IntheGcadfM 
offices, 2nd floor, 
student center. 

NEW WRITERS ARE 
WELCOME. 

The UCSD GuardJan 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremellls. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only). $3 for faculty and staff, and U for others. Paymelll 
in advance is required; therefore. ads must be mailed with a check (mode payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 03 J 6, La Jolla, CA 92093 -03 J 6. Actual address: Student Center A, lOp floor. 

PIANO LESSONS - Experienced, 
supportive teacher near campus. 
Classics. pop, rock. All levels 
welcome. Joan, 457-8065. (10121-
11/14) 

Br.? Broken "-"ted? booted 
out or beat up? Swift & Connolly 
specialize in representing UCSD 
students. staff and faculty in 
bankruptcy. family law. landlord-
tenant and personal injury matters. 
Call 481-8842 to an.,. a tree 112 
hour conaultlltlon. (1 012 I -1215) 

Salon de Nole offers UCSD lOP 
quality hair services for less. Bring 
your UCSD 10 and receive 20% off 
.11 services. Why not look your very 
best? Call 551-8800. (1 0124-10131) 

TYPING and WORD PROCESSING. 
Exp. $4 per page. My home in Univ. 
City. Call JEWELL, 457-5461 . (10/ 
24-10/28) 

TYPING - Term, MAs. Ph.D.s. 
legal, general. RUSH JOBS. Call 
MARIE at 931 -9596. (10124-1215) 
ViolinNioia lessons. You or your 
child(ren) can learn from an 
experienced. professional 1eacher. 
Now accepting students - d ages 
and levels welcome I Call Conrad: 
552-0494. (10128-1117) 

A-A Traffic School. $14.50 with this 
ad. "Id at La Jolla Village Square 
and UTC and 10 other locations. 
Registration, 296-0233. (10128) 
Word ProcessingITyping: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses. letters. 
resumes. AccurateJlastS8fvice. Mary 
Ann. 452-9439. (10128-11118) 

READ IT. 
RECYCLE IT. 

R.e.rch Volunteer. 

STRESSED OUT? 
FREE ~.rch atudi. evaluat-
ine m.!Ciication. are available to 
J*lple luITeri.,. from aJIlliety. 
Symptollll include wonyi.,. too 
muc:h, beine unable to reiD, in-
aomnia, atomaeh problema, 
muacle aehea, r_line &erwe, and 
difficulty co_trati.,.. Suitable 
voIunleen benefit fivm free medi-
cation, I.b teata, phY8ica1a and 
paychiame evaluationa. Studies 
.Iaoavailablefordepi .... n. Call 
ror a confidential ev.luation. 

[J{f'd = 554-0100 

Lam volleyMll. Refine skills for 
yourgrasslsandvolleyballgame. Call 
Greg al546-1421 for more info. (101 
28-1215) 

WANTED 
Retail clothing salespeople. All shifts 
available. Unique opportunity with fast 
growing company. Apply with 
APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE. 8250 
Camino Santa Fe., Ste " San Diego 
92121 (Miramar area). 450-3324. (91 
23-1215) 

BEING AT is hiring experienced 
aerobic teachers for Clairemont 
location. Flexible hours. Call Lenny. 
483-9294. (9123-1215) 

#1 FUND RAISER NATIONWIDE. 
Your fraternity. sorority. or other 
campus group can earn between 
$500-$1000 in less than 7 days. You 
pay absolutely nothing. Call: 1-800-
735-20n Ext. 3. (9123-10128) 

CDs. cassettes. VHS movies. Top SS 
paid. Music Trader. 7094 Miramar 
Rd. 693-1469. (9130-1215) 

House cleaners, $5-$8 per hour, car. 
phone. some experience, good ref. 
CaJl259-8731 . (1013-10128) 

Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a 
team of employees, customers and 
suppliers. Majority of hiring will be 
completed by November. Average 
gross profit is$11 ,287. Cd Triple 'A' 
Student Painters for information now_ 
1-800-426-8441. (10110.118) 

"-..... , Cat,,,_ 

Help wented. FullIpart time at Diva 
Flowers in the Costa Verde Center. 
Cal Mina at 558-6666. (10117-111 
11 ) 
ALASKA sue.EREllPLOYIENT 
- fisheries. Earn $5.000+/month. 
Freetranspottationl Room and board I 
Over8,OOO openings. No experience 
necessary. Male or female. For 
employment program call Student 
Employment Services al1-206-545-
4155 ext. 113. (10121-11121) 

Wanted woman 7-9 mos. pregnant 
for student fHm. Please call Diane. 
451-1693. (10121-10131) 

Wanted for student film. woman 75 
year old or older. Please call Diane, 
451-1693. (10121 -10131) 
Local art gallery wants art student for 
travel related to art. Possible travel to 
Europe. Familiarity with Rembrandt. 
Boucher, Firngonarst, Vermeer. 

h~ful . $M1our. Reply to Art Gallery, 
P.O. Box 1764, La Jola CA 92038. 
(10121-11/4) 

We're looking for a top fraternity, 
sorority or student organization that 
would like 10 make $500-$1500 for a 
one week mar1ceting project right on 
campus. Must be organized and hard 
wor1dng. C8II Robert at (800) 592-
2121 . (10124-10128) 

WANTED: Adora for labsatelyvideo. 
No experience neceaaary. Taping 
begIna in November. Contact Sean: 
452-1809. (10124-11/4) . 
Wetsuit - 312 mm full suit for 5'8", 
1301b male. Reasonable price, good 
condition. PIeaIe call 822-Q175. (101 
28-1117) 

Take out or order by faxl 
FAX 417-1413 

__ '...,.,111011 
·'10 .......... 3 ........ 

----:-r.----:-1 I $1 OFF I SO% OFF I~~~+:....:....t 
I AIrt I' ::.:: =. I 
I So or4tlece I of ..... or I 
I Combo DInner I ....., dIue I 

~ 11/151111 ~ 11/111/91 L ____ -L ________ ...o::..Iu.... __ ~.u... ....... 

have symptoms of wheezing. 
chest tightness. coughing or 
shortness of breath 

-Male or female between 18 & 65 yrs. old 
.pAYMENT of up to $210 provided too _~~~~ 
qualifying participants r-MEDICAL EVALUATION 

AM) CARE ~ a.d 
CertIIed~ •• 

NO COST TO YOU! 

UCSD ........ FrwdI~ 
• tucfent for language/cultural 
nctw."e. CIII '*"' 457-t50!58. (101 
28-10131) 
F8fIIIIe a:IDra tor ....... tim and 
vidIo project ~25 yra. cal 1M, 
__ .... 673-0703. (10128-10131) 

Part-time dericII ........ $7Aw. to 
IIart. a.u.a know WordPerfect 5.1, 
type 45-50 wpm. MId-day hours 
praletTed1hllqulrter(10a.m.-2p.m.) 
Cal for IIppl AIle for LOUIdeI or 
MyIene. (819) 535-4818. (10128) 

Adora for IIUdInt tIIm of The a.tcI 
Soprano. 1 ,.. and 1 female. Call 
483-2887. (10128-10131) 

Male actors for student film. between 
25-30 for lead roles. Call me. 
Stephanie. 673-0703. (10128-10131) 

Semi-nude modeling. Models for 
Playgirt, calendars. etc. The Body 
Shoppe. 967-5864. (10128-10131) 

CHILD CARE NEEDED: Two school-
aged kids. 3 aftemoonslWk. Carmel 
VaHey; car, non-smoker; evenings 
481-1421. (10128-11/4) 

Models. slim to curvy, experience not 
necessary. Flexible hours. convenient 
location. good pay. Call 284-5095. 
(10128·11/4) 

FOR SALE 
I et TECH - Computer Software. all 
name brands. all wholesele pricing. 
Hardware. leasing. consulting. home 
delivery. Special STUDENT 
DISCOUNT. 59~7. La Jolis and 
downtown. (9130-10131) 

JVC 25W AMIFttot digital synthesizer 
receiver and JVC doIby/ANRS dual 
caasette deck.1·m moving. $120 for 
both or $65 separately. Perfect for 
donn room. Ask for Greg, 587-6097. 
(10114-10128) 

GuItars: Acoustic steel string. pelfect 
condition, new strings. $85. 12-str1ng 
guitar. pelfect, $155. 452-2085. (101 
14-10131) 
Rollerblad... Brand new, Bauer 
bIadea. $100 obo. Call nowl Lyn, 
558-9452. (10117-10128) 

LSAUGRE 

--
0et.21. 

...",,-

WE CHAU.ENSED IAPIM 
TO COIIPAIIE~ 
RESULlSTOOURS: 

LSAT: 9 points 
GMA T: 90 points 
GRE: 230 poinlS 
...... ..... 0$ __ 

NOT SUIPIUSINSLY, 
THODECUNm. 

Fer The Best Prep 
CalI 695-9952 
The 
Princeton Review 

..._-

Monday, October l8, 1991 

1980 VW RabbIt. Good condtion . 
Fuel Injection. AMIFM...,. Asking 
$1200 abo. Cal HatIm. 454-4966, 
afternoons. (10117-10fl8) 

Up to 30% off international flights. 
Can Sonya, 931-8452. (10117-1 0128) 

"TOSHIBA LABTOP" - T1200. 
Excellent condition. Original price: 
$2100, selling price : $875. 
PANASONIC PRINTER KX·P1180. 
New; 2 yearwarramy. Original price: 
$299, selling for: $150. Can Isabelle. 
Phone, 259-7193. Fax. 259-6211 . 
(10117-10128) 

Smith Corona offers student 
discounts on typewrlters/pwpsl 
computers. Contact Campus 
Representative Ray Marrero, 276-
2355. (10121 -11/4) 

Futon and frame, $95. Mattresa and 
box spring - new, $75. Coffee and 
end tables, $25-35. Futon sofa-bed. 
$219. 587-0095. (10121-11121) 

Round-q, airline to Stockton through 
San Francisco for Thanksgiving. 
Great times. $200. Cd Heath. 452-
9130. (10124-1117) 

Three round-q,tickets SD-SF. Leave 
Friday 11-1 . Return Sunday 11-3. 
$65 ealobo. Henry. 455-6274. (101 
24-10128) 

12-speed bike, ROIlS frame, S.I.S. 
Shimano ~ Mavk: rima. 
$175. Cal Bret. 483-1187. (10128) 
Stytin· '73 AMC Hometstalion wagon. 
Goodcondillon. Only 73,OOOni. MuaI 
sell - leaving country! $800 obo. 
543-0722. (10128-10131) 
Double size Mon. great condition, 
only $125. Call Bret, 483-1187. (101 
28) 
One-way plane ticket to exciting. 
corrupt Washington D.C. December 
14. Call Steve. 450-2157. (10128-111 
4) 

HOUSING 
Master bedroom for rent in University 
City. Fully fumished house. close to 
school. $28O/month. Call Steve, 587-
0227. Avail. 11 /1. (10/17-10128) 
3 bedroom, den, 2 bath condo. $11501 
month. Near medical center. Balboa 
Hosp .• UCSD. 454-6462. (10117-101 
28) 

Roommate wanted; own room 3BRI 
2BA house in PB. $350 - S200 
deposit. Available 1 1/1191 . CaJIHank. 
274-8265. (10121-10128) 
Room wI bathroom in Solana Beach. 
Fulyfumishedw/washerldryer. $3451 
month. 259-1287. (10/21 -11111) 

The UCSD Guardian 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: gold ring, peart and sapphire on 
1012191. Old Student Center. Please 
return-sentimental. (10/28-10131) 
LOST: smaH watch and gold ring. 
Great sentimental value. Lost at Main 
Gym on Monday. October 21 . llfound 
please call. 450-9158. (10128-10131) 

PERSONALS 
BEAD SHOP. New and vintage 
bead a, findings, workahops. 
Oskadu.a, 243 Highway 101, 
Solana Beach. 755-2323. (10117-
10128) 

Will the recent upheavals in the Soviet 
Union affect you? Find out at the 
town meeting. Tuesday evening. Oct. 
29th. 7 p.m. in the IRIPS auditorium. 
FREE. (10124-10128) 

To Alpha Lambda Pledge Class of 
Alpha Omicron Pi ; we had a blast at 
Presents I Looking forward to many 
more great times. You guys are 
awesome! We love you, Shawna and 
Andrea. (10128) 

Happy Birthday ARTI Willi see you in 
your birthday suit? Love ya. Cecelia. 
(10/28) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

DRAFT BEERS $1.00 
IJPON "'OOF Of' 21 

k~~GE PIZZAS $~2Q, ~ ~ 
TAKE 1-5 NORTH TO DEL MAR HEIGHTS ® < 
RIGHT ON DEL MAR HEIGHTS THEN 
RIGHT ON CARMEL COUNTRY ROAD M 
IT WILL BE ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE _ 

12840 CARMEL COUNTRY ROAD "IIONE N 48 1· Sl1JF 

Toshiba T-1000XE (20MB HD) plus 
extemal disk drive and DOS and Word 
5.0 (original disks and manuals) plus 
carrying case. $1100. Call John or 
Angelina, 552-8733. (10124-10128) 

Mission Beachcottaoe. onebedroom. To 
perlect for 1-2 students, steps from 
ocean and bay, parking, furnished or 
unfurnished. $575 a month. Available 
11 -2. Call 469-4838 or 286-6141 . 

Panhellen'ic and 
I~ SUSPENSION . Brakes 
,. • Struts 
,. PLUS . Front Ends IFC, 

Rossignol Quantom 185 skis. 
Bindings/poles included. Just 2 
seasons old. Must selll 453-0207 -
Simon. (10/28-10131) 

IBM XT compatible computer. 
Monochrome monitor. 10Mb hard 
disk. Software included. $350 abo. 
558-2689. (10/28-10131) 

(10124-10128) 

Female roommates to share 
apartment. Walkibike to UCSD. close 
to busline, Ralph·s. Own room. own 
bath, $36O/month plus 113 utilities, 
share master bedroom $250/month 
plus 113 utilities. 452-2480. (10124-
10128) 
Room for rent in Tierrasanta. New 

- house with all appliances, cable. and 
WHITE FURNITURE: S2OO. Dresser. nice backyard. Quiet area 15 minutes 
desk. twin bedframe with storage from campus. $310/month plus 1/4 
drawers, headboard with shelves. utilities. 467-9742. (10128-1117) 
589-6487. (10128) 

1 BR. new complex. pool, gym. 
FOR SALE: 9 ft sofa: $200. Twin 1011 washer, dryer, walk to UCSD. $8 I O. 
bedframe: $150. Meal smoker: $40. 453-9244. (10/28) 
589-6487. (10128) 

IBM XT compatible computer. Color 
monitor. 30Mb hard cftsk. Software 
included. $475 abo. 558-2689. (101 
28-10131) 

Female roommate wanted to share 
large master bedroom in beautiful 
condo across the street from campus. 
Call 450-9596. URGENTI (10128-111 
7) 

Congratulations on a successful 
Rushl Love, Alpha Omicron Pi. (101 
28) 

Free Scholarship Information for 
students. Please call for free 
brochure. Resultsguaranteed. 1-800-
937-1797 Ext. 15. (10/28) 

To my AOPi Lis Sis Andrea. You're 
the greatest I Love. YourBigSis?(101 
28) 

Halloween PARTY! Join the children 
at UCSD Med Ctr. on Wed., Oct. 30 
(2-4 p.m.) orThurs., Oct. 31 (3-5:30). 
Come inCOSTUMEI Sign-up Revelle 
Dean's Office. (10128) 

StudylWork in Spain?? Spain Group 
advising sessionl Tuesday, October 
29 1 :30-3. International Oenter • 
Conference Room. (10128) 

To the girls of Alpha Omicron Pi, 
Presents was a blast. I love you alII 
Wimie. (10/28) 

I~ SPECIALTY CENTERS· Alignments 
r-----T-----T----FOUR WHEEL Computerized Front End I - I Front End I Alignment 
I BRAKE I Alignment I From Wheel I I 

I I SPECIAL I $249J<\OIcIIS I !!:!a~ 
I $6995 I SetC&tltr,_ 11DI1O I Bearings I I I --..:::n.=::- I $4495 I AIII_ eM tour_ 
I ....... , w, I fT~."" 1 I (_.1IAJIiCoI>tfJ SetQ .. ~. I 

Replace front pads ir1d rear _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ I 24-Thouund Mile Warranty L E.q>As 11111'" ~ __ • ~ I1I11"'J 
I ~~!~;r:~~. 1011 Change Special Strut Package I 
I Metallic pads 8mB. I $995 I Special I 
L Eq>Ir. ' ''11''' . I Ca. c.rtridg<s ..... $IOU5 ______ t1c:i.Idn:ol .... adclSS.OOIDr Supt'r~~I:1lowM S151" I 

QUIIy v_ "00(- '""I. I U1Itil1\l w_on1y I Front End I EJpho 11111", - COlI' Eq>Ires 11111.9' I 
I Alignment . f'Fr:' Wh;i D;iv";"iMo;:' P:rt':"rm':c:J 
I $1495 I Service Special I Gas Shocks I 
I _CllS(..-h .... tll 1 $6995 I $1 Q95 • ..rn I 
L E.qt/rooIlI11'" ...I C.V. JoiIlBoot~2nd I ~u.s.~I«Iign"" I 

- - - - - booI 0fI1amI .... 112 Pf'OtI insI8Iation avaiIbIe L Most ... • Eq>Ires 11111'" l . EJIpiNI"I11Il1' .J 
• Suspension lifts - - - - - - -
• Body lifts & Iowerings available 
Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Minnar Rd. #1 

558-8562 

Square 
3112 Midway Dr. #D 

223·2248 

ae' 0\\ ~"~daY ,hings comel!~,~d,;,POff you Just call',. 
your dry cleaning. Pickup live ".'''ft 
groceries. Do your banking. Your ..,. • &,"j 0 
dieting. Your art framing . And I ••• 
neVt'f move your car. ...~ 

If you're hungry for an all-you-
can·eat treat, come to the Sou, 
I ........ Pick .......... with 
playland to keep everyone in the 
family happy. To satisfy your 
craving for a good book, shop 
..... ,.'. Looking for a good 
buy? lite ....... , ...... will 
~uit you fine. And all the comfort. 
uf home, are waiting at PI.r 1 
..,." .. 

Fur all those everyday things 
that usuCllly tclke 10 trips. take a 
shortcut instead . Easier li ving is 
right around the corner. 

At Costa Verde. 
Corne r of Genesee & 
La Jolla Village Drive. 
-l58-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 



11 

SEASON RECORDS NOTES 

... wo.N'S SOCCER 
~ 13O-1/cWcored opponents 1()() this weekend 
... wo.N'S YOU.EYUU. 

~ 21-5/ranked nuniler one In the nation 
... MEN'S WATER POLO 

~ 14-11/lC)Set UC Santa Babara at 4ger Invite 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

.. I EJCCOI LEGlAlE SPOR1S 

DIIII IIIIIt ..... 

Oct. 28 M. Soccer v. ~ 3:30 
Oct. 30 W. Soccer at San State 4:00 

Water Polo v. UC RMirside 
Nov. 1 Warer Polo v. UClA 7:00 p.m. 
Nov. 2 Cross CountJy: CaIifomia Collegiate 

Athletic Assoc. Championships 9:00a.m. 
W. Soccer at CSU DomlrCUeZ H~1s 2:00 p.m. 
W. VoIle)'baIl v. Westrnoft 7:00 p.m. 

Nov. 5 W. VoIle)'baIl at La Veme 7:30 p.m. 
Nov. 8 M. Soccer. NCAA RegionaIs 

LocatJon to be announced TBA 
NaY. 9 M. Soccer. NCAA RegionaIs 

localion to be amounced TBA 
W. Soccer. NCAA Regionals 
localion to be announced TBA 

Fenc~ v. Long Beach St, Cal Tech 1:00 p.m. 
NaY. 10 M. Soccer. NCAA Regionals 

localion to be amounced TBA 
Nov. 14 W. Volleyball: NCAA Regionals 

Location to be announced TBA 
Nov. 15 W. VoIiE¥>all: NCAA Regionals 

localion to be amounced TBA 
Water Polo at WNPA 
Championships, Honolulu, HI AllDay 

Nov. 16 W. Soccer. NCAA Championships 
Location to be announced TBA 
W. VoliE¥>all: NCAA Regionals 
Location to be announced TBA 
Cross Country: NCAA West 
Regionals at Rancho Santa Fe 9:30 a.m. 
SWimmiI'C and ~: at Malibu 
v. Pepperdine, CSU North~e TBA 
Water Polo at WNPA 
Championships, Honolulu, HI AllDay 
Fencing v. UCLA, UCS6 
at Westwood 1:00 p.m. 

PARTY 

1bc uem Gudian 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
(JeT-, ,~ .. ! \ ('T :l~·" . 

DIII~~ 
Freshman ~ F"U (front) moYeS uptleld with the ball, while 
teammate BriM Bradbuty's attention seems to be eIsewtIent. 

WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
_II 
..... 
uc ....... 

• I [ 1A ICI A .. ILOCIII 
_ _ 3 1 1 4 .000:111 1 
""", _ 2 0 0 1 .0000 1 0 
_ _ J 3 0 • .lISO II 2 
_ _ 2 3 • 10 .1000' 0 
_ _ J I 1 1A .171 O. • 
_. ,J IA) 7 17 Jlli. 1 
'._ 3 13. 21 AltO. I 
_ _ 3 0 0 2 .1100' 0 
2001II _ 2 3 2 • JllO. 0 
.... _ Q It • .)lOll. I 

CIU ......... 

• of ....... 
....... 
I. ..... 1 _ 

1 -.... 
" .. -... 
I _ 

~ . --1. __ 
~ ............ 

.. ---II. a.-lL _ 

12. ........... 11 lo_ 
lA. ....... 
110 1-. ...... 

.. 
• 11 
10 
11 
11 
Sl 
• 
• Q 
J2 
• 24 
II 
\1 
II 

WOMEN 5 SOCCER 
• I [ 1A ICI A .. ILOCIII -.JI 

_ _ 3 2 0 4 .lOOt 4 2 
_ _ 1 0 1 I ·!.GOO 1 0 uc ...... _O 
_ _ 3 3 • 13 • .2311 3 I IIC ...... __ O 
_ _ 3 IA) 7 24 AlSO 2 4 
_ _ 3 12 3 311 .~ 3 • 
_ _ 3 • 0 14 .1710 3 • MEN'S SOCCER 
_ _ 2 0 1 1 , 1U0 0 1 
__ 311 It h .1I1 3D II 21 -.JI 

CSUII U 10 U 
ucs.... 13 15 15 

I'GW 
............ ---
"'II ...... 
WATER POLO 

uc ..... J)O'-'! 
C.UIlC ..... . 
."-'\oC-.a 
C.1A ..: ..... ' UCs.DiIIU 1£ __ 1 

POLL 
__ .of ....... 

l~lO .. l ....... 73:1 .. 
_UQA .. UC .... lO:1CS"" ... ~ 
..... eo:1.UIC..' ..... SU_ ... n;IO...:_ ..... e. __ 1111C 
..... 

1IC ...... I_I~ 

WATER SKIING 
.... 11 

......... -_ ...... -
,.. .... lS-.. lC1D .. ' 

........ IIe ........ 
........ ---.,,~--, 

_ ..... 12._I0000; 25. wr.... 
____ -_IA.-
~11_­

--tu:lD-.",,_~ 1._ ...... 

RADIO 
gno IIOMICAIT 
." ..... "' ........... .. 
........... 2 UCID_' ..... ~-.7 ... 

Monday, ()a)obu l8, 1991 

IN THE • EACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

N. ...... --

A~_AT_~ ... 
-_ ..... ..-: 
u.-... _.-...... CII 
__UCllIII"._. __ ._ 
........ 1511 .......... __ .. 
...... ............ U63 .... 
u.-................ ..... 
.., ... ucsor 11,... ..... "" ..... 
.. 111 .. ., • .., .... ..,-
..... CII .. 1IIt ...... .... 
..... --s-. -"., .......... u .. _ .. ~.,.. 
_ ........ a __ ....... ·• 
.-......... II1II ..... _ ... .. 
..... , •• _1IIe •• _ .. .. 
..... c.... 0IIIIt 20. 

19811 

1987 

1985 

1983 

1981 

1"13 

13-17 

. 519 

.559 

. 433 

.&07 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

DO YOU HAVE? : :~- : 

Party on our patio 

at GIA'S 
THURSDAY NlGHTt 

Prizes for best costunea. games, 
$3.00 pitchersl 

• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

~ &Steve S ,._, ~ 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

: FREE YOGURT : Free FLYING : 
: or ICE CREAM : with $3.00 DISC : 
: Buy one cup or cone : purchase : 

PITCHERS 
$300 Domestic $400 Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$500 12-lnch $700 14-lnch 

_ .... UCSDIl 

GJA'S ItalIa Reltaanat 792-7521 145 So. HWJj 101 
SOLANA BEACH 

• Chlymadia 

...... 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

10 $100 per week. 

Please call 
_ LAlOUIOlllU 

226·1733 

: and receiw 2nd of : : 
• equal or lesser Value • • 

for Free.: : 
• • Mus, prnonl lhis ..... 1_ cI pur~. • • 

0fIe. ",'10 ......... Ian .......... "",icC • • 
Dncoun .. not...ad wiIh odwr ditcounI. • • 
0"""""", ~ cIisoounI ""Illy • not valid with other • 

"",<'-11$300 T_noI mcIudId : discounts • 

-(Good Ontv 11.1 Costa Verde : Good OnlY. ' UntaVerde ~ 
• • • • • ExpIre. u 131191 •••••••••• E ....... U /31191 •••••• 

in the ea.ta Verde Shopping Cente.. : 
8650 Gene .... Ave. • San Diego· 450-3044: 

: Directly Across From University Towne Cent~ : 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Moaday, 0cI0bcr 18., 1991 The UCSD Guardian IS 

BECOME THE STUDENT REGENT -- REPRESENT 
OVER 160,000 STUDENTS FOR ONE YEAR 

Applications available at ASUCSD Office, OIancellor's Office, your 
college Dean's Office, GSA Office, EDNA, and School of Medicine. All 

applieations are due no later lhan S:OO pm in the Chancellor's Office, 
Friday, November I, 1991. For moreinformation, call S34-4083 

A.s. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership.Chambers 
Price Center. Third Hoor 

ASUCSD FILM SERIES 
ROBIN HOOD: THE PRINCE OF THIEVES 

Thursday, October 31 
6:30. 9:00, II :30 pm 

Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00, tickets at Box Office 

COMMfITEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
CWD Film Series -1991 
BA ITLE OF VIEQUES 
Friday. November 1,7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREE! 

HA VE A PROBLEM? 
COME SEE THE STUDENT ADVOCATE 

Open from 9 am to 5 pm Monday through Friday, 3rd floor Price Center 
Academic Problems? Problems with the Administration? Problems with Other 
Students? Something Else? 

Come See What You Can Do About It! 
Visit the office of the Student Advocate or call at S34-4450 or S34-0476 

BECOME THE ASUCSD_COMMISSIONER OF PROGRAMMER 
Formore information. call S3444S0 or go to the AS Offices, 3rd floor of Price Center. 
Applications are due Friday, November 8,3:00 pm 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, October 30. 6:30 - 8:00 pm 
Half DOme LQunge, Muir College 
Please join us! 

BIO·MED ENGINEERING SOCIETY 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, October 30, 4:00 - S:OO pm 
EBU 5101 

SOFB I CPB CAN'T FUND THIS 

BUT THEY MAY FUND YOUR 
EVENTS! 

DEADLINE .FOR SOFB/CPB WINTER 
1992 PROGRAMMING REQUESTS IS 

NOV.l • 1991 

HEARING SCHEDULE: 
WED· NOV 6· 9:00AM - 5:00PM 
THUR • NOV 7 • 9:00AM - 5:00PM 
FRI. NOV 8· 9:00AM· 12:00PM 

BUDGET FORMS ARE AVAILABLE AT 

THE A.S. RECEPTIONIST'S OFFICE AND 

MUST BE SIONED BY YOUR ADVISOR 

BEFORE THEY MUST BE SU.MITTED. 

HEARINGS SHALL LAST 10 MINUTES 
EACH . IF MORE THAN THREE REQUESTS 

ARE BEING MADE, AN ADDITIONAL 10 
MINUTES SHALL BE ALLOTED. 

S NEWS FLASHES is produced by the Associated 
tudenb 01 VCSD. To have aD aclvertileanent placed In AS 

WSFLASHES, plcku~ outside the AS Secretary's door, 
floor, Prk:e Center. line is every Wednesday at nOOD. 

dvertile._ts are sub to aqllablli • 

50 % OFF 
u •• d CD. 

LOOK FOR SPECIALS 
ON EVERYTHING 

GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY 
MEETING 
Tuesday. November 5, 6:00 - 7:00 pm 
Gallery B 

SEMI-FORMAL DINNER 
Saturday, November 16 
Come to meeting for more details! 

HABITAT FOR HUMANITY 
FIRST WORKDAY TO TIJUANA 
Saturday, November 2 

" 

Come help us rebuild houses, improve living conditions,and work to end homelessness. 
If interested, call Aisling Carroll at 558-90 14. 

HUMAN REL~ nONS COALITION MEETING 
Tuesday. October 29,5:30 - 7:00 pm 
Irvine Room, Price Center 
Steering Committee will develop structure and goals of HRC. All welcome. Input 
welcome. For more information call Student Affirmative Action and Human 
Relations Programs at 534-6708 . 

MODEL UNITED NATIONS 
Model United Nations Club will host a high school Conference Friday, November 8. 
10 Sunday, November 10 • 
We need help. 

CAMPUs-wIDE COMMIITES 
A.S. Representatives to campus wide committees are needed. List of available 
committees will be available at the A.S. Offices (3rd floor, Price Center), Monday, 
Oclober 28 . 

ASIAN AND PACIFIC ISLANDER STUDENT ALLIANCE 
BEACH PARTY 
Saturday, November 2, 1:00 pm 
Meel al Sun God and we'll depart from there. 
APSA will provide BBQ if you bring drinks, salads, etc. 
EVERYBODY WELCOME 

JAPANESE AMERICAN SOCIETY (JaAmS) 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, October 30,7:00 pm 
GH 1116 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
The Volunteer CoMcction has many one day events for those of you who cannot 
commit yourselves for a long period of time. Two organizations that need your help 
are: St. Vincent DePaul for the Homeless which is sponsoring a Haunted House 
from Friday, October 25, to Sunday, November 3, and The Alpha Project which 
is an agency thaI locates employment for Ihe homeless who need vol unteel'!\ for the 
San Diego Marathon on Sunday, December 8. For more infonnarion on either of 
these events or if you are interested in any others. call the Volunteer Connection at 
534-1414 or come see us in room 3.302, located on the third floor of the Price 



16SPOB.TS 

FBasy BasebaI: 
My WaIst NWdIlae 
I 'M OIVlNO YOU PEIlML'5SION 10 ~ ~ silly if I ever, ever do It agaan. 

If I ever start rambling on to 
you about the pleasure of drafting 
a team, the joys of rooting for 
players on every major league 
roster, or the incredible male 
bonding that comes along with 
being in a fantMy basebaIl1eague, 
it's time to slam the back of your 
hand right across my cheek. 

1be baseball season's over 
now. And that means that it's time 
to count up all the numbers and 
dole out the prize money. Since I 
always seem to volunteer to tally 
up the SlatS, I get the pleasure of 
knowing the standings before 
anyone else. 

Which means that I get to 
know just how far out of the 
money I've finished this year. 

This was my third year in a 
fantasy league. The first year, I 
was in a lame, experimental three-
team league - the SA.. (Stupid, 
Fake League) that used just 
National League West teams. I 
finished last. The second year, I 
was in an 8-team a11-NL league 
called the RAFl (Ron A. Fairly 
League, named after the San 
Francisco Giants' lame radio 
announcer). My team, the Snell 
Membranes (gel it. you Bio 
majors?) finished sixth. 

T HIS YEAR I improved even more. I was in a IO-team 
league (the Bu h League) that 
used all 26 major league teams. 
And my learn, Abe Vigoda's 
Monkey (with a name like that, it 
has to be bad) finished in the first 
division, in fifth place. But [was 
still way out of the money. 

It's not the money. Well, 
maybe it is the money, a little. 
Spring Training should be a time 
of joy, of happiness, a time of 
renewal and all of that romantic 
baseball crap that everyone -
including myself - talks about 
every March. 

But for me, Spring Training is 
a time to gather up my tearn fee, 
to give money to someone and 
know that I'll never see that 
money again, except may.be in the 
winner's wardrobe. On top of that, 
rather than enjoying the new 
players and making guesses as to 
how my favorite teams will fare, 
I'm more wonied about assem-
bling a draft list. 

T HEN lliE season starts, and I'll go to a game with friends 
who aren't 81 all involved in my 
fantasy league. When the first 
Padre comes up to bat in the 
inning, I'll be cheering him on. 
Then the second guy will come 
up, and I'll be shouting him down, 
hoping he geu out. And then I'll 
root for the third guy. 

My friends will raise their eye-
brows III my irralional behavior. 
"FIIIIIISyIequc, "l'llrellthem.1ben 

See SCORE, Pace 9 

SPORTS 
The UCSD GUII"CIian Monday, OCtober 28, 1991 

UCSD Fires Off Two More Blanks 

Chetyt Parker (front), the Trltons'leading scorer, tallied UCSO's fifth goal 
against Azusa PacifIC with just five minutes remalnl~ in the game. 

Men's Soccer Fit to 
Be Tied with Warriors 
• Tritons and Westmont 
end up deadlocked 1-1 
after 120 minutes of play 
By Andy Gayton 
Senior Staff Writer 

Under dull gray skies last S8Iur-
day afternoon, the UCSD men's 
soccer leam gave visiting a1umni-
back forthe"DecadeofExcellence" 
weekend - a show that was any-
thing but dull. 

While spectators sat freezing in 
the stands, UCSO and Westmont 
burned up the field Saturday, set-
tling for a I-I tie after the dust-

and two hours of soccer - had 
cleared. 

Both UCSO and the Warriors 
(ranked II th in NAlA) came out of 
their comers swinging. 1be aggres-
siveness of the ftrst few minutes set 
the tempo for the entire game. 

In the first half, each loose ball 
became an instant chicken fight, 
with neither side backing off. 

Undentandably, there were 
bruises. Surprisingly, there was little 
more. 

UCSO's Mike Lodoen went 
down five minutes into the first half, 
writhing in obvious pain. But after a 

See M_ SOCCER, Page 11 

.1be UCSD women's 
soccer team outscored its 
opponents 10-0 this 
weekend, blanking 
Redlands, Azusa Pacific 
ay .... w ... 
SUJlrWrlter 

CoUegiare soccer's version of 
theruo-and-shoot offensejust keeps 
rolling along. The UCSO women's 
soccer IeIm faced two opponents 
this weekend, playing III Redlands 
on Friday IIld returning home to 
face Azusa PlK:itic Saturday. 

Neither team was able to derail 
the Tritons' high-octane offense. 
with the Bulldogs being dealt a 4-0 
sbutouL Azusa Pllcific was IJW)-
hIndled6-0. Thetwovictoriesraiaed 
the Tritons' m;ord to 134-1 with 
II shutouts. UCSD is IWlked third 
in Division llL 

While the Bulldogscouldn 'tstop 
tbe Tritons at Redlands, UCSD al-
most beat itself, 8CICOIding to Head 
COIICb Brian McMlnus. "Weloobd 
like we were the worst team in Divi-
sion m yesterday. We just want to 
forget it, it was a nightmare." he 
said. 

Katie Larkin led UCSD with two 
goals. Sally Weigand and Kalyn 
Shea added the ochers toaccounl for 
all of the Tritons' scoring. 

The problem, McManus said, 
was a lack of focus: "Everybody 

Senior forward Chris Hanssen (left) 
battles a Westmont defat Ider for a 
head ball in Saturday's 1-1 tie. 

Tritons Send Coyotes Home Hungry 
• Women's volleyball continues to struggle with its 
intensity, but downs CSU San Bernardino in three 
By ChrIs Rep.. opponunities, evoking an emotional 
Associate Sports Editor response from Head COIICh Doug 

It was the "Decade of Eltcel- Dannevik. 
lence" weekend at UCSD, and the "I got angry with them a couple 
women's volleyball team wasn't of times 81 the beginning ... We 
aboullo spoil the festivities. In front weren't concentrating," Dannevik 
of a raucous crowd, the Tritons said. 
downed Cal State San' Bernadino After calling a couple of early 
15-12, 15-10, 15-11 Friday night III time-outs, the Tritons picked up the 
the Main Gym. level of play and managed to squeak 

Them8lCh wasaback-and-fonh out a 15-12 victory. 
banle all night with the Tritons tak- In the second game. with the 
ing early leads and then SbUggling CoyotC$ up ll-IO, UCSO apin 
to hold off the Coyotes. raised ill intensity, storming back 

1be opening minutes of the fint with five straight points to win the 
game resembled UCSD's flat and game 15-10-
uninspired play againsI Point Lorna 1be Tritons' collective intensity 
Nazarene College on Wednesday level hit peaks and valleys all night. 
rtighL UCSD had several missed "Weweren'tplayinawithverymuch 

intensity," Dannevik said. "We're 
at the stage where we'U makea Iotof 
good plays in a row ... and then we 
don't hustle." 

Up two games-to-none, UCSD 
came out flat IS a pancake in the 
third game and CSUSB quickly 
jumped out to an 8-2 lead. 

But, as they had in the ftrstgame, 
the Tritons called a time-out thII 
changed the game around. After the 
break, they SrIIICbed the mome,,,, 
tum from tbe Coyotes and roared to 
a 15-11 win. claiming bocb the third 
game and the match. 

"Ilikcd the way we CIIIDe back in 
the third pme ... We mIde tbe riglll 
adjuIIIJliellDandblockinasc:helMa, .. 
DMneviJt said. 

DapiIe the up-mkiown c0n-
test, DanneviJt said m.t be WII im-

See W. MALL. Pace 9 

11 ... ,0..-•• 
• TIle women's IOCICeI' teIm has 
shut QUI II of its 14 opponeIlD . 
this year. 
DellI Up,II'lt loaN 

1()'16 cal Poly Pomona 30 

1()'25 Radlands 40 

was thinking about regionaIs, they 
just didn't get their heads in the 
game. But we had a little meeting 
and laid down the rules, IIld we're 
back on tnd.. .. 

The tracks led through a deter-
mined AzusaPacific team-a ream 
known for its physical, shoulder-to-
shoulder style. But UCSD had seen 
a lot of that lately and was prepared 
for the rouglHnd-tumble matdl. 

The Tritons wasted no time, 
jlllq)inaonthescoreboludonlytine 
minutes into the game when Kalyn 
Shea booted a corner kick from the 
right side. Karin Lindsay knifed 
through the crowd and drove a 

See W. SOCCER, Page 11 

Water Polo 
Holds Own 
Agai~Cal 
., ... w ... 
SfIIIf writer 

It was supposed to be like an 
after-school fight: big, bad Cal -
the top-ranked team in the nation, 
the team one source in the UCSD 
athletic department, perhapS exag-
gerating slightly, perhaps not, 
claimed could win a medal at the 
1992 Summer Olympics - was 
supposed to maul the smaller, 

w~UCSD waterpolotearn. But 
something went wrong with the 
script. 1be underdog Tritons -
hNvy WJderdogs at that - battled 
the Bears toe-to-toe all afternoon 
Friday, before coming out on the 
shan end of an 11-6 decision. 

It didn't start out like a genuine 
street nunble. In fact. it SIaIted out 
more likethe bully taking the wimp's 
lunch money. Cal opened the scor-
ing wilb Chris Oeding taking a pass 
from AU-American two-meter man 
Ouis Humben and whistling it 
passed UCSD goalie Mike Warren. 

The Bears would get three I1IOIe 
in tbe openiQI period including one 
from the Howitr.er-vmedHumbert. 
Takina tbe ball wilb two seconds 
left in tbequlllier,last year's NCAA 
MVPrifled.shoe put WIIITeIl from 
10 rneIeI'I OUI. 

But in tbe sec:ood quarter the 
TmooI wob up. While Cal used its 
illCnIdiIIIe pool speed to ourr.ce 
UCSD. me Tritons c:our.-ed by 
piIieady ICGio& up their o«ense 
and meIbodically ........ away. 

See W. POLO, Pace 10 



The Regents' Underworld of Death 
A true tale of the blood.Jrenched tunnels below UCSD 

As you cross Ot ... foggy canpus this eve of the dead. benaIIh the dim half moon, stop for a momenI in the still 
and the cold and recall the stoIy 

I ~Iate to you now. Stranae it may aeem. 
but suanaer still is its truth - and every 
fact herein is corroborated by my compIII-
ion of that evenina. a student at Muir 
College. 

Having heard of an exlenSive tunnel 
system beneath our campus. my friend md 
] became obsessively detennined to find 
our way into one after dart and see wbaI 
subterranean mischief could be had at the 
expense of the regents. I walked with light 
hearted anticipation towards Muir, where I 
metS. 

It is not out of defe~nce 10 the ~gents 
that I decline 10 relate the exact location of 
our entrance to their underworld; I find the 
idea of anti-riot tunnels for police utterly 
repugnant, for that is their reputed purpose, 
in addition to air conditioning maintenance. 
But I would IlOI wish our experiences of 
that night on anyone, and if my refusal to 
divulge that infonnation spares anyone an 
encounter with that madman of the depdls, 
so much the better. 

We brought only a cheap pocket 
flashlight, since we were told the tunnels 
would be well lighted, and indeed, when we 
pulled off the manhole cover, we could see 
thaI they were. It did not make us feel much 
better about descending the tiny ladder inlO 
that deep and unchaned hole. I let S. go 
flJ'St. 

By the floor of the tunnel we had moved 
from a still. cold night into a loud, hot hell. 
The wind inside was blowing at nearly , 
twenty miles an hour. The light was an 
unusual yellowish color and an electric 
buzz whined away over the sound of the 
rushing wind. We took off our jackets and 
began to walk. 

Before we'd gone a hundred feet we 
came up against a locked door. By remov-
ing a grale in the floor, we were able 10 
crawl under it. We were in a dimmer 
tunnel. The wind was gone and the air was 
cooler, and all along the sides of the 
corridor were miles of wires and pipes. 
Some were hot and spouted steam. Some 
were cold -and covered with an algae-like 
slime. 

We lost track of time. The runnels went 
everywhere, sometimes past grates that 
gave Satan' s-eye views of familiar plazas, 
or past iron doors with markings like 
.. P&L, .... CSB" and ''Central Ubrary." 
Sometimes we walked uphill, sometimes 

BY BILL COLITRE, CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

steeply down, sarnetimes oomin& upon 
CI'OISI'08ds when we were sure we bad 
walked as far as possible in • given 
direction. 

. At the first of these intersections I made 
a point of taking some saap megJ I found 
in a comer IOd making 11\ arrow on the 
ground to poinllhe direction we ... come. 
Atlhe aecond we noced 11\ odd pipe dill 
happened 10 duust out of the wall in the 
homeward dIrecIion. 

This last tunnel was the saan,at. II 
went straight wirbout cbIn&e for Jonaer 
than any before it, and then began 10 slope 
off ever more steeply. 

Deeper and deeper it went. and we soon 
approached a very loud vent which also 

. somehow created a high pressure zone so 
forceful that we had to edge past it with our 
hands over our ears. 

Realizing that we had beeiI underground 
for an hour and a half, we turned back. 

Then it got strange. 
Soon after we returned past the pressure 

vent, we began to realize that we were not 
alone underground. Sometimes louder, 
sometimes softer. but always just on the 
edge of distinctiveness, we heard voices-
at least it sounded like more than one voice. 
But every time they were just around the 
next corner. We never saw anpther living 
soul. S. and I did not discuss this beyond 
noting i~ strangeness. We mutually denied 
fear. 

Until the crossroads. ~, on the floor, 
were my metal scraps - thrown aside and 
pointing nowhere. ] began to sweat. We 
mumbled something like denial, and started 
off down the path we remembered, 
SOIllCwhat faster than before. 

At the second crossroads. in the middle 
of the path indicated by the jutting pipe, 
was a dirty blue baseball cap. Right in the 
middle of the floor. [picked it up. I asked 
my now visibly concerned companion if he 
remembered stepping over it on the 
way. He did not. 

[was 
terrified. 
Somehow, 
even 
though [ 
"knew"l 
was only the 
victim of some 
juvenile pra.1k., I was 
much too far from the exit 
10 feel comfortable with 
SOIllC unknown in these 
tunnels with me. I began 10 

noIice previousIy-overtooked dark crevices 
evaywhere. 

We rached the door ... crawled t.:It 
imo the windy 1UMd, one IIundftd feel 
from safely. We bepn 10 jog. I focused 
only on Iacbina die ladder, which lay 
around. comer just abe8d. 

l..ookina down. I SlOpped. 
"Hey." 
"WhIff 
"Come 

here." 
I was starina 

scrai&bt down 
.a sinsle. wet, 
bare fooIprim, 
bigger than 
either of our 
own. We both 
looked up. 
each other 
slowly, and 
somehow,we 
both looked at 
the wall at the 
same lime. 

Blood. 
Fresh, red, and 
dripping down 
the wall . 

We ran. 
We didn't 

stop until we 
were in the 
Middle Of 
Muir, where a 
late night study 
session was in 
progress. All 
we wanted was 
10 be near Olher 
people. AlII 
kept saying 
was, "Oh, 
Jesus, I'm 

Fall 
Transfer 
Students 
Needed! 

MARKETING 
_.-.--

---
..-. Li __ 

a ............... ...... .. -MIn .. ....... ... iW.:..._ ... .. 
Get 525 in Dining Plus 

tor partic!patlng in 
diSCUSSIons on 

campus housing 
and off campus 

alternatives. Call 
534- 1095 for more 

information. 

.............. bF ~ ..... .: ........ 
_II ... F .. ~,.. ........ 
................. -.. . 
...... III7IMI ...... ..... 
............ 

-"-----
---

.......... 
............ 

ror_ .............. DIn ... : 

o 

1CaIed." 
You ClllIIbel tbis ItCIIy whaI you like. 

buI I wiD not return to thole tunnels. Before 
you SO down there, think oftbal feUow in 
Texas who shot 23 inrIoc:ed lOUIs in a 
cafeferia. Ask youneIf willi kind of people 
you really shR Ibis world with. Happy 
HaUoweco. 

) 

Dia de los Muertos common maladies - such as smallpox - or from over-
work. 

Mexico's Day of the Dead scares 
the living bejeesus out of gringos 

Over time, there came 10 be a hannony between the 
people and death, primarily among the indigenous and 
mestizo popUlations. This harmony is very different from 
that in the United States, where there is a definite misunder-
standing, if not fear, of death. 

The celebration of Dra tk los M uertos begins on Nov. I . 
It is on this day that the souls of the children return. These 
souls are called angelilos (little angels), because it is 
believed that when children die they go directly to heaven. 

BY ADOLFO GUZMAN l6PEZ, CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Mexico is a magical place. How else could one describe the welcoming of the dead with candy skulls. bone-
shaped bread and a family i\~ 

visit 10 the cemetery? ~ l!!':~"'lIM:: 
Contrary to popular belief. Dfa tk 

los M~rlos ("Day of the Dead,» 
Nov. 2) is not a Mexican tribute to 
Jerry Garcia and the Grateful Dead. 
Instead, it is a fusion of Mexican 
indigenous beliefs with Catholic practice. 
Spanish conquistadors, bringing 
Christianity with them, were unable 
to erase the religious practices of the 
Indians. Even today, in some areas 
with a high native population, 
Calholic services ~ still acc0mpa-
nied by the burning of copal, a bitter 
tree resin used before the arrival of the 
Europeans to Mexico. 

Before the arrival of HemM Cortes in 
Mexico early in the 16th century, death was 
looked upon as a stage in life. After Cones, 
death became a much more common sight 
because the Indians were not immune to 
many of the diseases the Europeans 
brought. It is estimated that 80 percent of 
the indigenous population died from then-

r-.. ··· .. ·------.... · .. ·-.. -.. · .... ·· ...... · .. · .... · .. · .. -·· .... -----.... · .. · .. · .... ·· ...... ··· .. ·· ...... · .. · .. -.. ·_·····1 

I THEMARK I I . ! 
I OFZORRO I 
I WITH THE SAN DIEGO i 
I : I CINE-PHONIC ORCHESTRA I 
1 ~ 

I I 
i : 
l ; 
i ; 
I ! 
! i 
i ~ 
i i 
! ~ 
i : 
f i 

i l 
! : 
I : 
! : 
! : I Douglas Fairbanks plays the swashbuckling ;:' Mexican RcSbln Hood of old California in this 1920 silent classic, 
i i 
i presented with live orchestral accompaniment by the i 
i i i 13-piecc San Diego Cine-Phonic Orchestra. : 
i ! 
I : i Saturday, November 2, 2:00 and 7:30 pm 1 
i $10 (general), $8 (Museum members ~ 
! and children under 12) 1 
I .1 

.-......... _ ........................................ _ ................ . 

: 
~ Presented by : 

THE SAN DIECO MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART i ! 700 Prospect Stroct in La Jolla ! 
, Tickets now available at the Museum (454-3541) i I . and TIckctmastcr (278-TIXS) 1 
I -_at=-- KPBS89.5FM I 
L __ ........... _ ..... _~.:~: ................................................................................ _ ........................... _.1 

Souls of adults, conversely, must go through 
judgement. 

On Nov . 2, the souls of adults arrive 
and so begins the making of small 

altars. Items on the altars may include 
a picture of the deceased, food and 
their belongings or other objects. 
Many times these altars resemble 
those of the family saint, which may 
suggest a type of ancestor-worship. 
But in Mexico. it is seen as 
reverence and respect for those 
who have passed away. 

The mood of this fiesta i not as 
vibrant as of other Mexican holi-
days. Events such as the 12th of 
December, the day of the Virgin of 
Guadalupe, or the 16th of Septem-

ber, Mexican Independence Day. are 
celebrated with fireworks, drinking 
~ and eating. For Dra de los Muertos, it 

. y;~ \ is not that people are somber, but 
.i ~ ...:_. -. \ In"",d mey ( .. llh,,,'" """ h", 
.. ;..." (.:--:::' ~ returned and are among the living: \ -:--;a. The relatives of the dead sit around 

-~ II 
, :$.0 = : ~ F', - usua yon - the grave of the 
I :$1'_ -A dead and talk about - and 

See MUERTOS, Page S6 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
locateed outsldee thee UCSD Bookstoree, weather permitting. 

There will be plenty of 
books to choose from. 
There Is no time limit. 08i~!1/1:" 
Just pay the entrance 
fee and walk out with as 
many books as you can 
balance In your arms! 

DATE 
November 4 
November 5 

HOURS 
9AM-3PM 
9AM -1PM 

FEE 
$6.00 
$5.00 

If you don't find eenough to make it worth your while, we will refund your 
admission chargee or you may purchasee Individual books for onee dollar eeach . 
Don't let this opportunity to improve your library pass you byl 
Books aree non-rdundablee and non-reetumablee • 

LJ( _ - 5 1 J 
~J(>UK~' ()Ht.... ,UCSD BOOKSTOR E 

AI TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534 - 4557 
OPEN: MON· FRI 8AM· 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 



hosts 0 a((oween 
FICTION BY JOHN SWEENEY, CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

, 
'K ISS" meant Knighls In Satan'. Service, so we oouIdn't lisIm to them anymore. 

The revelalion of 
lhIlllCrOllytn was like the Tet 
Offensive of the '70s music 
industry: Owtie was not as 
twmIess as buds like ABBA and 
the Bay City Rollers would have lIS 
believe. The guys and I made severe 
and emotional protests when our 
parents made us get rid of our 
albums (KlSS·AJiv~!, Dr~IISNllo 
Kill, Love GIUI), although loW: 
breaIhcd a covert sigh of relief after 
beina fRed from this patticuW 
trend in popular culture. 

The next major juvenile fad to be 
banished WID Slime. 'There was 

oil leafed over it to the point of 
wipina out their families whm the 
game was DOl aoinI in their favor. 

Now ,the Ore wathe quinIa-
aentiaI Dunpons and Dr..-
monarer, the typical CI'CIIUIe .... 
players were bound to encounIIer in 
the pme lO .......... or be aIau&h-
tered by. Orca owed tbIir oriain 10 
l .RA Tolkien'. 1M LtJId tJ/* 
Rings boob, and this .. !be focal 
point of the IIIJUII1M In favor ~ 
my COIlUme. I would be Iridt-or-
trearin& as a litawy m..., I was 
not limply the pawo of a ..... -
oualy unt.Ianccd mind cub. 

Tryina 10 convince my .... 
of the validity f:A my poIiIion Ib'UCt 
me as baunIinaIy mniri'CCOt of !be 
year I nD my unmDCeIIfuI 

00IIumeI buI nodIina to the exlelll f:A 
Ibe yar before. The vast majoriIy of 
my c' T. bad miwd at die 
ICbooI dialed. DIrth V ..... 0IIi 
Wm K.Jbi. orOwwbaa. ..... 
mtJor IIIOIIIIIy bad bella lIlY friend 
De-. Dan looked IIIJIIIIII ....... 
but it waa a well known fact dill his 
.... had "frco.dW* •• " (read: 
'1dppiej 1riIIdrI.,. ... wbicb in our 
IOWa waa reaaded IIImoIt • t.1. 
beina railed by waheL His mott. 
bad _alii Jooa hair wilboul .... 
while the rest of our modIerIlended 
10 war tbein ....... t.:it Ib!be 
Kale la:bon heImeI of "QarIie'. 
AnpI'." Dan bad c:omc: ID ICbooI 
dreIIed.l now reaIilJe, like AwJy 
Warbol, wariaa weird aIIIICI and a 
wbiIe wi .. The .. of .. bIdn't the 

nothing really 
ethically or 
morally wrong 

_
____________________ U ..... cIue.1O 

willi the beD he MIl 
IUfIPC*d 10 be. 10 

with Slime, the 
green protozoan 
phlegm which. 
atone time, 
could be 

" 
.-nUyloW:nD 

Dean had come to school dressed like k'df Warhol, fun of biro until he 
weari~ weird glasses crld a white wi. The rest of us cried and they sent 

him home at lunch. 
. hadn't the slightest clue, so natLrally we made fun of him This yar Dan 

purchased in any until he cried and they sent him home at lunch. had goaen with the 
lOy slore, but it propam md was 
could not be " ctreasro like an arguedthatthere _____________________ ~ 

was something SIonntrooprr. 
slightly bent Although I didn't 
about our fascination with this attempt to get them to let me go as eucdy regard "Star Wars" as .,.., 
polypy mucus. The ultimate excuse Gene Sinunons from KISS, it did seem obvious 10 me and a few 
to ban Slime from the home was although then my argument had others that Dungeons and Dragons 
actually the fact that il usually been considerably weaker. Actually, was now by far and away the beiaht 
ended up dropped on the shag the only person I knew who had of fashion. Some of the leas progres-
carpel, where it stayed. forever. " managed to go trick-or-treating in a sive thinkers still clung patbeticaIly 

The latest enthusiasm to fall KISS costume was my friend to the old standaIda: the witch, the 
under the hammer was Dungeons Buddy. He was overweight, hobo and, of course, the occasional 
and Dragons. This was bad news however, which somehow made bed sheet "ghost costume" sported 
for me the year that I wanled 10 be him less intimidating. and his black- by the mentally challenged. My 
an Ore for Halloween. So recently it and-white make-up was so timid friend Clarence had also convinced 
seerned Dungeons and Dragons had that most of the people who his parents 10 let him dress like an 
been the game that parents wen:: answered our knock that night Ore and together loW: had planned ID 
proud 10 say their children played. It mistook him for a long-haired ride the cuttina edge or style. 
had been a creative game for the mime. The real bomb that year was 
mentally gifted. a hallmark of The previous year, "Star Wars" dropped two days before Halloween. 
potential genius. Now il was had been the major mocif for Most of our parents had somehow 
generally considered a satanic Halloween costume design. This conspired to outlaw trick-or-treating 
ritual , the participants of which year there was a great deal of "Star in the neighborhood. This kind of 
were friendless mental freaks who Wars" overflow among the decision lay outside their jurisdiction 

in allricdy civic .... bur .. 
pc.- was mcnor • ...,. ... 
• bow our IllilllDdlIay ...... .... 
jurildktioa on a very ....... 1IId 
.....1rNeL ..... 1Cbool diIIrk:t 
waa coIIIboaIiDt witb them by 
IpClIIIOi a., a .... and ..., baunIed 
boule allbe YMCA..t.d been ID 
one~d.- ......... and did 
DOC ................ ~1Dina 
ba.l!xpaiencel tbcre in the 
cheeay dimneII were invWibly 
DOC f'ri&I*ninI or evea fWI, die 
I)'pic:aI PI beina a promiIe .... 

yoa ...... tolDUCb ..... 
1nIn. only 10 lave,... .... 
pided Imo ...... _ full of 
ft.auccine alfredo. 

Nev_ aI.,1bere we were, 
HaBr_ ..... Iittin& in front of I 
Ibe nK:A: a.-e and me 
draIed. o.a. 0.. _. 
Stoinlboopel and Buddy. who bad 
ended up CIOIIIinc a a hefty Luke 
SkywIIker with a crew cut. We 
initially chided Buddy over the 
vanity of Ilia decWoo but we soon 
feD Into a blue funk aver the 

WedI ••• ,,-. ROCKOI A 
• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 

• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 

Get hlp 10 the QIOO\'Y sounds of the sixties and seventies from the band 
"RockoIa-. From the BeatIes to Boston you can pop til you drop. 
Presenl1hII ad at the door and we1 eat the $3 cover! Wednesday. 

• Garden Salads \ • Gourmet Coff6e 
• Homemade Soups -----~,~, J • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM - 7 Days. Week - 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court - Del Mar 

(Comer of 13th & Stratford ·Court) 

Th ..... y. • $1 DrI ... • An, DrInk 
Break ..ay from the books and head downtown for $1 drinks at Johnny 

aJ M's 801. Enjoy the Motown sounds of J DownIown and gorgE! 'fOUI"J8!~ on pizza Itt. slices and any drink fOf only a doIar a ~ holler! n...raday. 
• 

• 

801 Fou1h Ave, 
• 

Aaaa. from Hartaft PIa. 
v .... p ..... ""..... . 

233-1131 

ast 
bo.: ' _~our·""\ 

wabed our youth slide out from 
under III, down the provelbial 
cnpper. 

Surprisinaly, it was Dean who 
made the ineviblble ",gabon. 

"You 8U)'S wanna go for a 
MIlt?" 

We IlOOd up '*'lIlly, lookina 
III'OUIId 10 nIIke sure our exit weal 
unnoticed. After SbOIlina alaldftd 
feet loW: bolted. We were DOl 
Sb'InpI'I to inIubordinadon and 
knew .... 1peed and timina weN ~ 
the-a "a+"'" u:h. 
lhiL We fbund _ pIaIIic bias in 

who actually didn't seem in the best 
of humors gave us homemade 
cookies. We fed these to the dog on 
her porch after she closed the door, 
then waited for some kind of 
reaction, and left when it didn't die. 

An hour Iarer, our plastic begs 
were bulgins with typic:aI hannIess 
Halloween loot. A big item thal 
year were those wax teeth and lips 
which had a slight flavor when 
chewed. I personally never favored 
them, 
..-'loathe 
men 
,..'bIe 

Buddy, I palled the tab and cut him 
off in mid-sentence with a crimson 
frothing stream which met him at 
the chest. He bluned a howl and fell 
over backwards uying to escape lhe 
red spray. He lay there a momeru 
stunned. reflecting on his white 
tunic now stained scarlet. In the 
dartmess he resembled the victim of 
a shotgun blBsl. Suddenly he 
reached into his bag and pulled oul 
his Shasta grape soda. I dodged but 

" 

sternly. Being already in the Land 
of the Dead. I couldn't grasp a 
word of what he was saying. I saw 
Qarenc:e on the verge of hysteria 
in the flashlighl ' s beam, his lips 
quivering violently as he replied to 
lhe policeman. He didn't make 
any sense 10 me either, I just 
watched him in a stupor. 

I didn't become completely 
coherent unlil after we had been 
driven back to the YMCA to wait 

for our parents. It 
was a completely 
different place 

All week we bad -.s c:audon-
ay tales f:A IIIIanic cullllIId 
madmen who abcIIlCIed aidt-or-
treaIerI or of ............ wIlD fed 
poison cookieIlO ""11' ~ ccw. 
c:biJdRn and then IOId their c:orpICI 
10 lUidennisIs on the bIacIt I1\Vket. 
Hypodletical aituabons wen: 
making .. priIonen in our own 
town. We ~ tb= WIIChins clump 
after clump of would-be spooks 
herded siggling inIo the YMCA 
like deranged liveslDCk. We 

• tI'IIb CID and .... the decision ID 
ao Iridt~ We would hit 
just a few boUIea which was, loW: 
aareed. our God-given right and 
then .awn to the YMCA befoce loW: 
were 10 be picked up. 

Moll of the houses were dark, 
bullOOll Oarence spotted a jack-o'-
IDem ... down the street. At thIl 
boule. curiousJy enough, a WOInIII 

typeI~ 
candy. After 
weaot cans 
of soda. one 
house Buddy 
IUJFIIed 
.... loW:retire 

We were surrounded, God knows by what. but we were 
obviously trapped and doomed. First I felt nauseous, then I 

felt myself slippi~ out of my bodj, acceptir'€ my own 
invninent demise, leavi~ behind the wet costume and the 

plastic ~ I had a deathgrip on. 

from lhe one we 
had left earlier. All 
of the lights had 
been turned on and 
near-chaos seemed 
to reign. 

Apparently a 
little girl from my 
school had been 
taken ri ght off the 
street by an 
unknown party 

486:33Mttz, 256K Cache 
.,... 3I6-25MHz 

386-25MI1z "099 
." .. AIIM ........ _ ...... 

-Turbo I.B) c.e -YGA 1 .. ' MonIIor 
-1 ~ Me RAM -ser~,GMIe 1,10 Porta 
.yo'·1 ,II m DIgItal (2) tW ConIftlIer -clock. Calendar. 
-~ 5~'''2 FIappv DrIwt & BIIIIry 8ecIH.Ip 
-~ 3.5"" .44 FIappv DrIwt -101 ErtIaIICed KeyboIrd 

to the 
seclusion of 
lbeJ*kto 
examine our 
spoiIa under Ibe cover of night. 

For me it _lime to rest on my 
laurels. Hae we were, dressed 10 
kill, beaIing the sysIem, riding 
above the tides of mediocrity and 
those shades of the benal crowding 
into the YMCA. Someone aug-
gested that one of us leU a ghost 
story. I was about 10 teU a c0n-
densed version of "The Bla:k Cal" 
by Edgar Allen Poe, which my 
father had read to me the night 
before 10 help make up for the 
YMCA. 

But then Buddy began telling a 
boring and grisly yam about a kid 
who are an apple with a razor blade 
in it which cut the kid's whole 
mouth off, and it WID completely 
obvious that he was making it up as 
he weal along and he wasn't even 
doin8 a good job. If that wasn't bad 
enough. he then pulled this deus ex 
machina ghost out of nowhere and 
had it start carving this kid up with 
a chain saw. 

Although Qarence and Dean 
seemed to be enjoying the story 
immensely, I felt Buddy was doing 
a terrible job and needed to be 
punished for his crime. I knew I 
would probably get in trouble for 
what I WID about to do, but felt a 
compulsion to remain true to the 
standards of JOOd taste and 
creativity in my generation. 

I shook up the Shasta wild 
cheny soda in my bag. Pointing it lit 

....... 
FIopprDllb 
5.25'/1 .2 f-I) .......... .... .. ..... $.79 
3.5'/1."-4 f-I) .......... .. ......... $.89 
Mol.-. Pada ..... : .................. 54 
SerIal MouIe ............. From S2S 
PrinIIIr Paper ........ .. .......... .. CaI 
Campusar CompOII8nIs ... .. CiJII 
CabIeI ............................. .. CaI 
CanpuIar lJpgnIdaII ......... CsII 
PrinIIrI ....... ........................ CIrII 

, -(1'" HIId DIM ~ ~----;;pn""""'~"""'I'" 
- 16 HI YGA Card (2581() 

"*-"~dW1III""ldcI 
", __ ,3,...1Ibcr. 1 y.-pelt. 

WEn ._ ...... _ 
554--1265 

3251 Ccut, SuIIIt 203 

" 
found I wasn't quick enough. 
Buddy was on top of me pulling my 
costume open and pouring the 
tingly liquid down my back while I 
writhed and hoUered. 

1ben suddenly everyone was 
quiet and Dean had his hand over 
my mouth. Something was wrong. 
Dean WID whispering something to 
Oan:nce which I couldn't hear. 
There was crystal silence, and then I 
could hear it. 'There was someone 
moving through the darlmess about 
20 paces in front of us. Leaves 
were crackling softly underneath a 
slow heavy tread and I was 
inunediately wet with perspiration. I 
chose the obvious solution and 
began to move away from the noise. 
Oarence held my shoulder and 
gently pulled me back without a 
word. Then I heard whalever it was 
moving behind us. Then, incredibly, 
noises on either side? 

We were SUlTOUnded. God 
knows by what, but we were 
obviously trapped and doomed. 
First I fell nauseous, then I felt 
myself slipping out of my body, 
accepting my own imminent 
demise, leaving behind the wet 
costwne and the plastic bag I had a 
death-grip on. Buddy had begun to 
cry and Dean was uying to shush 
him. 

All at once a powerful flashlight 
hit us from the sidewalk and a 
policeman was addressiag us 

and by this time everyone feared 
the worst. A furious head count 
ensued and in the end it turned out 
that everyone else could be 
aa:ounted for. 

While wailing for my parents I 
had a son of wild cathartic fil 
demanding of the policeman why 
he and the others had been 
creeping around in lhe dart at the 
park rather lhan jusl alerting us of 
their identity directly. He told me 
that I was confused. He said thaI 
he had been the only one at the 
scene and that he had called 10 us 
immediately after spotting us from 
his car. This sent me into a serious 
brown study which I was slill 
brooding over when my parents 
brought me home. 

They didn't find the little girl. 
They found some of her costume, 
some of her hair, some s~cky 
magazines, bul other than that no 
traces. The following year nobody 
really wanted 10 do anything for 
Halloween; my family didn'l 
carve a pumpkin and I didn't even 
try 10 come up with a costume. 
None of us were allowed to walk 
anywhere by ourselves, even in 
broad daylight, until we were in 
junior high. OUf friend Kenny's 
binhday was the major occasion 
we all looked forward 10 in 
October, and Halloween itself was 
finally galhered to its fathers, 
whoever they were. 

EING-FIT® 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month wHh no 
contract, you can't get a 

better bargain. 
Exp. 11111" 1 

• ASIOIICS • LFECYCl£S 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRIIASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAU1IlUS • PEIISOIUllllSTlltJCTlON 

·4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd, 
CIairImont Squn ShoppIng Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind pars Sport) 
483-9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 



MUERTOS 
ConIInued ........ 53 
usually to -me decc.MXl 

Jose Guadalupe Posada, a tum of me century Mexican 
engraver whole an 8ppC8f'S on these paaes. best showed me 
communal feeling with me dead through his lIIIII1y engrav-
ings of calovtras (skelecons). Posada's drawings show me 
colavtras who have relUmCd from me dead taking pan in 
all kinds of mundane 

usually go to me municipal cemefely. 8U1mey lie some of 
me few who put food and candIca on me graYa of meir 
dead. Still. me altars Ihey have in Iheir homes are every bit 
&'I colorful and audIenIic as rhose made in lIlIeS such as 
Guerrero and Oaxaca. 

and other favorites of me dead. On Nov. 2 from II a.m. to 
4 p.m., thcR will be. muaic festival including salsa (me 
dance. not me food). cumbia. Latin jazz and more. For 
more infonnaIion, tdepbone me Centro 1Il23~13S. 

For a tasle of Dia dt los Mwrtos locaUy, SlOp by me 
Centro Cultural de .. Raz.a in Balboa Park. The Centro will 
be showing a communiry ...... made up of food. drink. toys 

However you celebrate Dia dt los Mwrtos, whelhcr it 
be by eating candy skulls or bone-shaped bread, set aside 
some lime to remember Iho&e that lie no longer with us. 
They lOlly be next 10 you in class lIIking notes. 

activities: colavtras 
riding bicycles, revolu-
tionary colavtras and 
colavtras inlove.For 
this brief period of time, 
the dead come back to do 
anything and everything 
the living are doing. 

D(a de los Mutrtos is 
celebrated most exten-
ively in areas where 

there is a large indig-
enous or mestizo 
population. In the 
northern states such as 
Nuevo Le6n, Sonora and 
Otihuahua, "Day of the 
Dead" is most srroogly 
observed by the small 
Indian population that 
has migrated there from 
the center and south of 
Mexico. 

In Tijuana, you will 
see very little in the way 
of celebration. Indian 
communities from the 
center of Mexico who 
have migrated 10 Tijuana 

LA SAtlD8LE 
ALPS lEVA 
EARTH SANDALS • DECKERS 
SPORT SANDALS REEF 

MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA SA"DflLE 
3761 MiSSion Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( •" I .. ) I) - .. I I "'") ) .J _ 1.)- .,_ 
Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

•• e · 
KIndall 
..,. .. 
"_"'rlll .• K ___ • 

...... :rs:.e .= 

--------------------10010 OFF 
on all repairs· with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmissionlMmaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

The Peace Corps is an ex~ilarating two year ex-
perience that will last a lifetime. 

Working at a professional level that ordinarily 
might take years of apprenticeship back home, 
volunteers find the career growth they're looking for 
and enjoy a unique experier.Jce in the developing 
world . 

International firms and government agencies 
value the skills and knowledge mastered during 
Peace Corps service . 

ON CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 
INFO BOOTHS: INTERVIEWS: 

Tuesday and 
Wednesday 
Nov. 5&6 

The Price Center 
gam· 1:30pm 

MEET WITH 
RETURNED 

PfACECORPS 
VOlUNTEERS 

Tuesday. Nov. 5 
Career SeMc:es 

Cen1er Conference 
Room 

2 pm. 4pm 

OVERSEAS 
OPPORTUNTlES IN 
MATH AND SCENCE 
Wednesday, Nov. 6 

Career Services 
Center Conference 

Room 
2pm· 4pm 

Wednesday and 
Thursday, Nov. 20-21 

Career Services 
Center 

APPLICATION MUST 
BE COMPlETED 

PRIOR TO 
INTERVIEW 

SENIORS APPlY NOWI 
For applications or more information. visit your Career Services Center 

or call Pfl808 Corps at (BOO) 832·0681 , ext 11 O. 

Peace Corps 
T e Toughesl Job You /I Ever Love 

pe3 

• 

~ ( .... ~) ~ ( 
~ '.,." 

•• 

• 

-~-----------}\ve~------------­
What's the worst thing that ever happened to you as a kid on Halloween? 

Photographer: Alex Klyusner 
---------------------------------

I got pegged by an egg. 
Jennifer lees, Muir 
Senior, Art History 

On Halloween I had on 
ripped pants. I was a "punk 
rocker." WeD, they ripped 
a bit more than I had 
expected and feD oft'! 
Angela DeaMude, Revdle 

Fmt')'e8r, Biology 

• 

I was put in JUVenile Hall 
for toilet-papering 
someone's house and 
vandalizing private 
property. 

Richard Soriano, Muir 
Senior, Computer 

Engineering 

The pumpkin on our porch 
was blown up by someone 
with an aero&ol can. 

Andy BUbop, Warren 
Senior, History 

One year when I was eight 
my dad and [ were trick-or-
treating. I was a ghost, a 
sheet with two slits for 
eyes. It started to rain and 
my dad ran for home. He 
ran reaDy fast and the rain was really hard and I 
couldn't see where he'd gone or where I was and 
I ran all the way home tripping and falling with 
the sheet stuck to my face. He didn't even wait! 

Brooks Wood, Third 
Sophomore, Undeclared 

I got sick from too much 
candy and later got a 
cavity. 

Cash Rowden, Warren 
Senior, Economics 

---------~-----------------------

RENT Varies. /h. S 1 50 r. 
With Pool • fREE. 
With Scrabble fREE. 
With Pin,9 pong 25 ( • 
With Video GamesfREE. 

With Chess 
AMEROOM HOURS 

PRICE CENfE!tdG 10 a.m.-ll p.m. MonctaY-fri df1Y 12 n00n-8 p.m. 
Saturday-Sun ay h 

d lib to try a hi' h 
If a player;::! whil. play'n, pool, , • 
qua",>, po bI d for eelclt hour. 
ren' ,. 0011 • 
"'" fldCItCB~ 
............ ~ 

VONS PHARMACY 
Special Discount 

For UCSD Students 
on All Prescriptions 

• $2 OFf prescription price with UCSO 10 I 
• Fast service 
• Insurance billing ~E-===::::i~ 
• Open 7 days 0 week Rc 
• Grocery shop while your prescription 

is being ~lIed 
• Offer expires January 1, 1992 

VONS 
7788 REGENTS ROAD 

455-6340 



I 

58 CALBNDAB. 

MtmMJ"""'" Th,..., 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Fridays 8 a.m. 10 3 p.m. n., l-.. 
....... JlI(NiOlS assistm to sIUBlts \\lOOse rar.e IaYJUiIQ8 is 
na EsVish nl to \hose 00i1'(l YoOI1< in ~ 1IaI~, ~, 
FrerdI, GMTm, VOlmlese~Russial. Adia!J1osIictesi ~ wriI8l 
EI'(IIish as aSEalOO ~ isavai~~ f8PlSl call: 534-2284 
lor roore inlotmiiion, Ok! Skmt C8ier, Buldog A. Room 214. 

MtmMl~riMy 
. 8am.-4:30p.m.-n.,_ .... isafrreselVire 
lor ~ UCSO stldJes. We oItIJ nlo nWfiting conIereoces lor trrt 
~01 vriiIY;I~ -Dlemic~, persooaI stBTBtieYlJl 
stories ~ pc8llS. (AJr stI 01 tJained ~ WIhl cane 
from a v.r8y d Dimic «kipllll!s, (3l heIp)W Ia':oo'e a rrore 
eIIoctivewri8. CalI534-2284lo_crl~ orciq) ~ooc 

~ in till Old StudIn COr, BUking A. Room 214. ~ 
~~asoavallitlle. 
• 8am.-4:30p.m.- l.et _...., ,0 S I t CerB 
help you this (JJiIf& will time ~ noWdI'(I. rnkIIm1 

~iorI, nllest-laldlYJ str.Egies. Sklp ~ York Hall 4010 or call 
534-7344 to S8141 a personal ~mtBt Also stIi on tie IooIW 
lor Itw;)se vaI~ OASIS Stutt Skills 'NoIIcsI'q)s. " 
• 8 am.-4:30 p.m. -Comelotlll ............... 
....., klr assisIml with )'OIl WI'iilg projOOs. We oIllr 
irOviOJal nll100P IWiYJ. Sklp t1t York Hall 4070 or call 534-
7344 10s8141 an~ . 
• 9 am.-4 p.m. - lre "ml.a.~ ........... PI; 
...... mltBJIS~in~ rRIjors~laIeatmaaeol 
otJ' seMces. We pIllYiO! moos irilms\lp oppoIIIrities OIl tie 
niionaI, _ nl kx:aIlewis. Don' \\8iI1Ri11JDJiioo ~ I8Jn 
yotIccreer1 MakIY;I CXlfB:IS m _IYJ hirlds-oo YIOII~ 

m~tram.liraeases daasb~ 
DIdnes for SIM.I :rr soorner irBnshIps 'R/y. VISit otJ' m 
early t80reM isloo tale! PrialCrilr, 3IdIoor, Room3.ll3. Forrrore 
inlo. call 534-4689. 

7'wsM1 ,,"" TI"",,",, 
• 7-10 p.m.-LIlA""'''''' CornewmsllOJ. Call 534-
GAYS for roore info.OIl. 7lh 1Ioor. QrtrailitRy. 

~ HFAL1H&F~ II 
~,.,."., FriMy 

. 10am.-3 p.m. -Wlal Vim till IaslIirre sorr8xKtt~ 
on your physical filress Iewf?WelI. H you spIJld rrore IIliIl a COI4lIe 
oIn'¥oues to al. mayOO il is lirre for you 10 oo~ w ~ our 
FIIIIIf '--I. Sigll4l for your OOsirOO day m lime ~ till 

SImldfioorolSluOOiHeahQrter~l'Iewilloo~lohefllyou. 
Free. 

Mtmlilly, DaeIKr 28 
• 2 p.m. - In IIll present day ~ age, 1<M!'s no! kim Don' think 
wiIIlyourhoorones,lhinkwilh)'Ollmioo.D<rrIiOng(jseasesOOlurl< 
ou \tee! You value yourself, howCCll you not care? Doole to a IIrIPI 
c.trII ........ ~ learn mi serer sex. Stuart Health 
SeIvice, 200 noor. 

TIUllllly, DaDber 29 
• 11 am. - You're feeling ~, lookilYJ fine; till ~ <we gMng 
you IM'JY line. Ma'ytJe1~~ ooowill c3ch youreye~ ~ therell 
00 a Itx:ky !JJY.1f Ihis hc4lPMs nl you 0001 know v.M to 00, 00 you 
know 11m are oIheIs just like)W7 Please cane 10 a IIItII c.tIII 
,.,.. s..- You will na 00 aIore. SItdn HeaIIt1 SeMce. 200 
floor . 
• 1 p.m. - I koow Iha saooiIy my prim will cane ~ a priru 
00!sn1 staywithagi~ ViflO's(bOO. SoOl ~corres, 111 be~top 
01 !Ie sillBioo, for my prim will na ~ pnx;ras\irmI.111 
ha\leall tIllintlonsextta issnalmNwormIuI prirnwill ~ 
Ire his hIBt. See)'OO aI the llrlPl CIIIbII ........... ~ 
HISth 5Mb. 200 floor. 

W~DaelKr30 
• lOam. - Ha\eyou IJlIlhosem~bIctlS? _ad\aVJ 

inyotllielyte~ldhelp!Comeloa'" _ ..... m 
m Dlti Idly living .• 's m to IeIwe you rMaU!d! ~ 
Health ServU. 200 floor . 
• 1 p.m. - You\e'lOl till hart of a I~ sIl¢ Ill's t;g tmJiful ~ 
rm-al Bud. Bti IUl has 1m! mild lie block om too olen: his 

~ Io'IetooldjUyouinacafin. Wtrt ida la:k~knowIedge 
IiBmine yotIliE? Come to an 100 session 00I0Ie It's too tale! Be 
aI the nexllPTtII ea.tnI PIlI ....... ~ I1laIIh Ser.u, 
200 floor. 

'Ihr'fllln. oa.IIer 31 
• lOam. - HiWYHallowIBlfBemtosmpbyllellPrlllc.n: 

The UCSD GuudiID Moaday, Ocaobcr l8, 1991 


