
) 
f 

... qllCldan ..... 
is .... MI!II1ina-

If trapped in a perpelUII state 
otapethy. Why cIon't 
students C81e? Perhaps it·, 
die coUca-systan. or maybe 
it's becIuIe of the lack of 
biS-time adJ.Ietics. It could be 
simply because UCSD just Is 
DOt the tint choice of many 
studenIsIPAGE4 

.FEATURES 
Althousb not the most 

common major, Visual Arts 
is an estabIisbed field of 
study at UCSD. The Annex 
GalJery is one venue on 
campus that showcases VA 
student artwortlPAGE 7 

.A&E 
Soulful and ecJec:cic music 

seems to be in abundanoc in· 
Athens, Georgia. Hometown 
of such binds as R.E.M. and 
the B-S2s, Athens is also the 
birthplace of the bluesy band 
The OUdcasaw Mudd 
Puppies. Band member Brant 
Slay talks about the joys and 
responsibilities ofbeias a 
musician codaylPAGE 10 

Delta Tau Delta Fraternity Suspended From Campus 
• Group will be barred from IFC, formal rush for 6 months 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

A Feb. 13 incident involving a 
stolen banner, a fight, and damaged 
campus property has led to a ix-
month su pen ion ofUCSD' Delta 
Tau Delta fraternity from participa-
tion in campu activitie . 

The suspen ion was agreed upon 
in a meeting Thursday between As-
i tant Vice Chancellor for Student 

Program and Facilitie Tom 
Tucker, Interfraternity Council 
(IFC) Advi or Paul DeWine, Delta 
Tau Delta's Divi ion Vice Presi-
dent Ken Brooks, and UCSD Delta 
Tau Delta President Anton Bittner. 

According to Bittner, the frater-
nity had two options - it could 
either take the suspension or pro-
ceed to a formal hearing. He ex-
plained that Tucker indicated a for-
mal hearing could result in the per-
manent bani hment of the fraternity 
fromUCSD. 

He al 0 said that Tucker, as the 
authority on student organization-
related incidents in violation of the 
Student Conduct Code, was "under 
a lot of pres ure to do omething" 
about the situation. 

Tucker would not elaborate on 
the details of the suspen ion, but 
said that an "informal resolution has 
been reached on an alleged judicial 
violation which includes asix-month 
~uspension from the normal proce s 
of participation in the life of the 
campus." He denied the existence 

of ub tantial pre ure, but did point 
out that "the ituarion merited orne 
attention." 

Binner said that the term of the 
u pen ion do not allow the frater-

nity to it on the [FC, to ho t on-
campu events, to hold formal ru h, 
or to rent university property for 
general fraternity purpo e . 

Though the agreement was 
igned on Thursday, the uspen ion 

officially took effect on April 17. 
The uspen ioni there ultofan 

incident which took place around 
II p.m. on Feb. 13. Approximately 
IOto 15 individual ,someofwhom 
were allegedly members of Delta 
Tau Delta, entered Warren College 
apartment 2203. 

According to apartment resident 
Tim Drees, who was present when 
the incident took place, his room-
mate responded to a knock on the 
door and was promptly pu hed ba k 
again t the wall by one of the indi-
vidual . 

Dree aid that some of the indi-
vidual then ripped an air-bru hed 
banner adverti ing Delta Tau 
Delta ' annual "Purple Haze" party 
from a wall in the apartment, laim-
ing that "we need this back fo r our 
party." 

The banner was apparently to-
len from the fraternity , first"Purple 
Haze" party on Feb. 10, 1990. 

Drees explained that his room-
mate began to "cu [the individu-
als) out" after they ripped the ban-

ner off the wall. re ulting in some 
thrown pun he ,a collapsed coffee 
table, and a hole in the wall. Drees 
recalled that some of them invited 
the apartment members to their next 
party during the incident. 

'They asked us if we wanted to 
come to Purple Haze D," he aid. 

" lot of them were hammered," 
Drees added, explaining that some 
drunken individual " pi lied beer 
all over our furniture." He al 0 aid 
that hi roommate' eye was cut 
during the incident, but the injury 
wa minor. 

Dree ' roommate wa unavail-
able for comment. 

"They didn't plan to come and 
beat up somebody ... I think a lot of 
them were scared and took off pretty 
fast after they realized what they 
had done," Dree said. 

Along with roommate Todd Hilt 
and a resident advisor, Drees fol -
lowed the group out and tra ked 
down two licen e plate numbers. 
Dree aid that one of the cars wa a 
darkblue i sanSentrawith aDelta 
Tau Delta license plate frame and a 
UCS D alumni sticker. 

According to Drees, the police 
arrived on the scene an hour later 
and made a report, but he never 
heard back from them. Drees added 
that nobody from hi apartment both-
ered to pre charge . 

The initial log entry wa filed 
with the UCS D Police Department 
at II :23 p.m. on Feb. 13, according 

Guardian File Photo 

T. President Anton Bittner 
to Police Di patcher Len Wayne. 
He aid that the entry read that a 
"male tudent reported being a~-
au lied in hi Warren apartment 

which cau ed a coffee table to be 
damaged. In addition, there was 
damage to a wall." 

Dree aid he was unaware that 
there was any kind of continuing 
inve ti gation, and did not know of 
the suspension until the Guardian 
contacted him n Saturday. He aid 
the police had tried to both di our-
age the apartment membc fr m 
pressing harge and from leaking 
information to the pre. . 

According to Bittner, the alleged 
violations were forwarded from 

C DPoliceDetectiveDougO'Dell 
toStudenl onduct oordinatol I k 

guilar on March 4. Aguilar cited 
four violations under code number 
38. 15.A. intheStudent onductCode, 
Binner said. 

The alleged violations ~pecify the 
See FRATERNITY. Page 3 

1989 TIme Capsule is 
Ruined by 1991 Storm 
• UCB officials scramble to find 
replacements for lost mementos 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

A time capsule buried under the Price Center plaza during 
the center' s opening celebration in 1989 had to be opened last 
week due to water damage. 

When the time capsule was opened, its contents were 
found to have uffered severe water damage, according to 
University Center Board (UCB) Chair Nick Long. Several 
items inside the time cap ule had been destroyed, uch as 
newspapers, pictures, letters, a ribbon from the Price Center 
grand opening, and a videotape of the campu and students. 
Because of the flooding at the Price 'enter at the end of last 
quarter, the tiles covering the time capsule came 100 e, and 
it "just popped up," Long said. 

Long said that he is attempting to replace the damaged 
memorabilia, so that the time capsule can be buried again. 

"Hopefully we'll be able to get as much of this stuff as 
po sible back together," he said. 

Warren College senior Matthew Lehrer, who had been the 
head of the time capsule project, explained that water had 
probably eeped into the time cap ule almost immediately 
after its original burial. 

Lehrer said that the time cap ule had initially been under-
ground "for weeks" without having been ealed. It was later 
removed, sealed, and reburied. 

Long said that he has several ideas to protect the contents 
of the time capsule in the future. He mentioned using addi-
tional sealants, putting the memorabilia in plastic bags con-
taining water-ab orbing material, and pos ibly moving the 
time capsule to an above-ground location. 

Brl8n MorriS/Guardian 
On Your Mark •••• - The La Jolla Grand Prix, held in the streets of La 
Jolla yesterday morning, included the world's first rollerb/ade criterium 
race. The three skaters above were among those who participated. 

1be time capsule is made of a section of plastic piping with 
pipe caps at the ends. It was created for the Price Center grand 
opening on Apri121, 1989, and was intended to be opened 
after 25 years, in 2014. 

See CAPSULE, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

eheert_der Wins MIss Jamul11tle 
Marci CIoIbier,.Third CoDeae fioshmaD and UCSD 

cbeerIeader, was crowned Miss Jamul on April 6 as part 
of .. all .. )' papant. 

The pageant included an iJterview end. ipOftSwear as 
well aseveningwear model.inJ compditionI. COOII'$fants 
also had to ~wer an imprompcu question 011 stqe. 

Ootbier win DOW goon toc:ompete In tbeFairestoftbe 
Fair Pageana on May 24 III the San Diego County Fair. 
There she will compete against 32 women from other Sao 
Diego county cities like Jamul, which is locaICd next to B 
Cajon near Rancho San ~iego. The winneroflhatpagearu 
will go on to compete for the Miss California tide, and 
possibly for Miss USA. 

In addition to being on the Provost's Honor Ust, 
Oothier has also volunteered on an Indian reservation in 
Nevada and is on the staff of the San Diego Zoo's 
Educational Program. 

Professor to Discuss EIectrtcaI 
Signals of Selected Sensory Input 

Steven Hillyard, professor of neurosciences at the 
School of Medicine, will discuss how humans can con-
centrate on selected sensory information in an environ-
mem rich with stimuli when he talks about " Elecrrical 
Signals From the Anentive Brain," at 4:30 p.m. on Thurs-
day in Garren Auditorium in the Basic Science Building. 
The lecture is free and open 10 the public. 

Research in Hillyard ' laboratory i directed loward 
identifying and understanding the mechanisms respon-
ible for supressing the auditory and visual signals that a 

person chooses to ignore in everyday noisy sUlTOundings. 
Hillyard will desc ri be how lhe brain 's electrical waves, 

recorded from the scalps of ubjects, can reveal the flow 
of n ory information within the brain to help cientists 
vi uHlize the proce es of selective attention. 

Hillyard joined the faculty at the School of Medicine in 
1968. His teaching interests include the areas of basic 
medical neurology, sensory processes, human informa-
I ion processing. psychophysiology. and neuropsychology. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

g 
I 

The UCSD Guardian 

Researcher ReceIves Pasaano 
Foundation's Young ScIentIst Award 

Roger Tsien, profeasor of phIIInocolosY and cbemisuy at 
the School of Medicine, has beenaeleceed IS die 1991 Young 
Scientist A ward winner by the Passaao FOllndation. 

Tsien aa;epIed the $IS,OOOawardduriDa the foundIdon.'s 
awards dinner on AprilS in Baltimore. 

The award is given 10 researchers whole work demon-
straICS a high level of acbie\'CIIIeoI early In Ibeir aners, 
according to fouodadon.oft'icials, and is o«ered primarily for 
work that bas future clinical value or praccic:8I epplicatioos. 

Tsieo, woo joiocd the UCSD fIcuIIy in 1989. ills been 
workin, 10 gain a betIer uncIcntIndiDa ci ~ po-
cessina inside Jivina cella.1D Ilia lib. 1'Iiea .......... and 
Iynrhesired flUONlCllll cI)w ... ICI .. IDOIecubY' ...,... 
capableofderectina lIIdi ..... ",miaoIcc:bln&eaiDlldeliviDa 
cells. One porcmal uae fbi' tbe dyes is to moaiIor theactivity 
of J'arae numbers tR iakncIiD, aeuroos If die)' pIQCeIS 
infonnatioo in the brain. 
Newty Rele.ed Study ExpIcHaa 
Japanese Manufacturing In Mexico 

A recently released UCSD study m'eals tb8l JIpIIDCISe 
manufacturing firms in Mexico owe much of their success to 
their long term commilmCDt 10 growth raIhc:r than their much 
touted management techniques. 

"In the study, Harley Shaiken, a member of our research 
team, found that, contraJy to conunon expcctatioos, few 
Japanese-owned plants in Mexico employ the management 
techniques - such as lifetime employment, quality circles, 
andjust-in-tirne inventory -that have figured prominendyin 
the succe of Japanese manufacturing companies," said 
Gabriel Szekely, senior fellow with UCSD's Center for U.S.-
Mexican Studies and the director of the study. Shaiken, an 
authority on Labor and workplace issues, is a professor in 
UCSD' Communication Department. 

"Manufacturing Across Borders and Oceans: Japan, the 
United State and Mexico," traces the development of Japa-
nese manufacturing finns and some of their impacts in the 
U.S. and Mexican economies. The study, which includes case 
sludies of most of the largest Japanese manufacturing firms in 
Mexico, is based on data gathered from a majority of the 
Japanese manufacturing plants opemting in Mexico in 1990, 
representing approximately 25,000 workers. 

"Understanding the strategies ofJapanese firms is particu-
larly important in light of the dramatic and rapid changes 
occurring in the international marlcetplace, one of which is the 
heightened profiloof Japanese companies," Szekely said. 

The study includes a second leg of research and will 
involve the examination of Japanese firms with affiliates in 

by Bill Wattenon 

, 
/- ' .-1' 

• c. 

( 

~I i~t 
L-______________ ~ .. ~-

bl ~ "m1.. nil'S l!> 
.. <iQ9.T eLlli I'( \\IE 
w,'C '" StMi 
~ toIIEtnI¥tS! 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

both Mexico and the u.s., which wiD allow for the 
comparison ofJapanesecompaniea in both counoies. This 
research, w~ is expected 10 be oonipleted in 1992, will 
also include an examination of the role of Japanese banks 
and trading compIIlies witbio the Mexican economy. 
Psych. Dept SeekIng Volunteers 
For Brain Imaging Research 

UCSDRISCIIdas in che Depanmerl ofPsyc:biatry arc 
seetiBa iadivJduala. 1810 SS with bipolar depessive 
diIOIders to pncipete In braiD imI&in8 ..... usInc 
mapedn ~ imI&iDI and positron emiaioo 
fOIii08iapby. 'Ibe aaeaIdJeq Ire'" IooIdaI fJ .... 
teas wbo do .. haw pIydUtric diIOIden fiO.J1COVIde 
CClIDpIrisoa ..... 

Selecfed voJuIIIe ers, who wiD be paid for .... JIIdicl-
p8Iion, wiD also RlCeive he medical and. psydiMriIt 
e:xaminIdoaI, and may beelipble forollqllllieotClallDlMt 
at 110 cbaIp. Formore information, call Renee Dupontat 
S52-8S8S. x3897. 
CritIc to Address Issue of God on 
Stage In Last of Lecture Series 

Arts criticand writer DanSuilivan will discuss "Putting 
God on Stage" 011 Thursday in the last of the current series 
of Eugene M. Burke CSP I..ectureships. 

The lecnHe, fu:e and open to the public, will be held III 
8 p.rn. in Peterson Hall. Sullivan will be iruroducedby Des 
McAnuff. director of the La Jolla Playhouse. A reception 
in Ibe Peterson Hall foyer will follow the. lecture. 

Sullivan wiD also present a student coUoquimn,"Tbe 
Need 10 Dissent A Critic' s View," at 3 p.m. on Thursday 
in the Revelle Formal LoWlge. 

Sullivan was the theatercritic for theLosAngelesTimes 
from 1969 until his retirement last year. Prior to that he was 
theater critic for the New York Times and theater and music 
critic for the Minneapolis Tribune. His ftrst job was as a 
reporter for the St. Paul Pioneer Press. 

In 1990 Sullivan received a summer stipend, which 
provided tmvel funds to research a biography on the 
American playwright William loge. The book will be 
published by WiUiam Morrow, Inc. in 1993 under the title 
Dark at the Top: The Story a/William Inge. 

A founding member of the American Theatre Critics 
Association and the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle, 
Sullivan teaches each summer at the National Critics 
Institute in Waterford, Conn., and teaches arts reviewing 
and reporting at the University of Minnesota Journalism 
School. 
, Forfwtherinfonnation,callMaryChenyat452-7557. 

GUAR')IAN 
PI«. GRUEN, EdIIor In ChI« 
ROBIN MACLEAN, AIanagIng EdIlOl" 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInIon EdItor 
LES BRUVOLD, As80ciItfe Sporm Editor 
IIGUEL BUCKENlEYER, AaoclItte FtIItJJru Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn EdItor 
GREG DIXON, MeodaIe OpInion Editor 
BIU DOWlER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA twa TON, AaocIaIe NtIws EdItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AaocIate NtIws Editor 
LARA HEISlER, 4aoc:Iatt AIfs Edltot' 
HEATHER HOI.. TZCLAW, AaocIIIIe Sports Editor 
CHIISTINA HUIZAR, AacIc:Ine Arts Editor PETER KO, __ EdItor 
JENNFER KOlSKY, PhoIo Editor 
KENT KORZON, ~ Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, Alfltalflltfllhnent EdItor 
MEL IlAACELO, AaodItI GrrIphIc$ Editor 
SANOEETA IlEHT A, ASIOCiIItt FeatutN EdItor 
BRIAN MORRIS, 4ssoc:18te Photo Editor 
JEFF atIAH, ~ EtIIor 
JASON SNELl, ,.",. EdIIor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, ~ EdItor 
JEINFEA YANCEY, AffaIEn...""".", Editor 

1IW1CiD_ ........... TMdIrs..nv .. _,.. ...... ". .. _ 
.. WI) .............. _II.., .... _II_.~pII._,.-".., 
"-C1111."._ ".rK:IID~_ ... __ tar .. _ .. _ 
-. .... ""' __ 11 ........... -.. __ ... ......, 
_ ... __ .. 1IWtaD_ .. ~ .. c..;,. ... __ "'" 
_i __ IIr ... ...,&IIIao,· .... 

~ 53oW5IO, ..... CIa: 534-3466, fax: "..7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La JoIa, CA 92093-0316 

.... _. _._-,-- 4 __ ••••• ,.,. ..... ..... #0_".... ~_ , .. _p~_~. ___ ... ,.~... ..- .. - .. 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

FRATERNITY 
Continued from page 1 
damage to or destruction of property 
ofOCherswhileonuniversitypremises, 
unauthoriz.edentIy to university prop-

, erry, physical abuse or conduct that 
threatens the health or safety of any 
person while on university properry, 
and disorderly conduct. These viola-
tions werebroughttoTuckeronMarch 
8. 

Aguilar said that wheu there is an 
alleged violation of the Student C0n-
duct Code, he receives the complaint 
from the victims or the police, reviews 
the information 10 find out if there is a 
violation, and then brings it before the 
relevant officials. Aguilar discusses 
college-related infractions with col-
lege deans or provosts, and brings 
those which are student organization-
related to Tucker. 

Aguilar added that it was "inap-
propriate" for him 10 discuss the situ-
ation. 

Binner explained that the police 
undertookamonth-Iong investigation 
in an anempt to identify individuals 
responsible for the event, but came up 
empty. 

He said that police suspected that 
Delta TauDelta was involved because 
of the "Pwple Haze" harmer. 

Drees said thatthe harmerhadbeen 
up on the apanment wall since the 
beginning of the school year, but said 

CAPSULE 
Continued from page 1 

Various items were put into the 
time capsule, including aPrice Cen-
tergrandopeoing poster, class sched-
ules, a Rubik's cube, a ticket to the 
last Triton Pub event, and a 1989 
Far Side calendar. 

Also included in the time cap-

he did not how it was originally ~ 
tained. 

'1don'tknowwhywebadit,0lher 
than the fact that it Wa<i a really neat 
poster," he said, explaining that n0-
body intheapanmeru knew any mem-
bers of the frarem.ity. 

He was also unclear a<i to how any 
Delta Tau Delta members may have 
known that the banner Wa<i in the 
apartment 

"I'm not sure how they knew we 
had it," he said, "except for maybe 
driving by .. . you can see it through the 
window." 

He added that a Delta Tau Delta 
rrtember might have spotted the ban-
ner at a party in apamnent 2203 at the 
beginning of the school year. 

Bittner said that he does not know 
of the benner's cwrent whereabouts, 
and added that thefratemity had a new 
one designed for this year's "Purple 
Haze" party, which took place on 
March 2. 

Bittner also said that O'Dell called 
him a few days after the incident and 
suggested that he mention something 
about it at the fraternity's next meet-
ing. Binner said that nobody in his 
fratemity confessed to the violations. 
. "All we have are suspicions about 
who was there and whodid it," he said 
"It wasn't something that we felt we 
had done as an organization. Wedidn' t 
condone what happened ... those who 
connnitted the violations did so on 

sule were an issue of the Koala from 
1985, when the campus alcohol 
policy was initiated, and the Koa/a 's 
mascot puppet. Long said that these 
items are among those that can be 
salvaged. 

When Lehrer initiated the time 
capsule project, he proposed that a 
time capsule be buried at the end of 
each year. Lehrer pointed out that 

The UCSD Guardian 

their own accord.." 
Bittner did acknowledge that he 

had heard that some of the members 
involved were Delta Tau Deltaalwnni. 

He said that the police report does 
not blame Delta Tau Delta directly for 
the altercation, but does mention that 
someofthefralemity's rnembers were 
present 

''They hadcircumstantial evidence 
that Delta Tau Delta [members were 
involved in the incident]," he said 
"[' ve got to believe what's on the 
police report. " 

Bittnersaidhetelephonedtheapart-
ment members acouple of weeks after 
the incident and offered 10 pay for any 
damages, but that the call was not an 
admission of guilt 

''The motivation [for the phone 
call] was purely to keep our name 
from getting smeared," Binner said 
"But Tucker tried to use that against 
us. He figured that if we were willing 
to pay for the damages, that we had 
something to do with [the incident]. 
lbat wasn't the case." 

Drees said that one of the apart-
ment members was also telephoned 
by a Delta Tau Delta member and 
personallyinvitedtothisyear's"PuIple 
Haze" party. 

Three of the apartment's residents 
attended the party, but none of them 
were able to recognize anybody who 
might have entered the apartment that 
night 

there are 25 spaces under the plaza 
designed to store time capsules. 

There was no time capsule cre-
ated last year, but Lehrer expressed 
interest in collecting memombilia 
for one this year. 

"It would be a really great indi-
cator of history," he said. "[Dona-
tions of memorabilia] could be any-
thing, from anyone's perspective.': 

UCSD SPECIALS 
• I TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. S55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up IncIudss a lot IIlOfIlIhBn others. h indJdBs: 
2. Distributor points 6. Clean & replenish an fluid & oil levels 10. Checj( undermage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11 . Ched< cooling system & hoses 
4. Adjust liming 8. Check cIulch 12. Road test 
5. AdjuSl dwell angJe 9. Check lights 

,~~Oint M!jp.!.!e~~~§.eeCiall'!~~· 
2. Vat<9 ~Ustmenl 11. Adjust timing 21 . Checj( & replenish all 28. Check iW1d recha"ge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle fluid IWld oiIlMls banery. W necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket 13. Aqust cartluretor 22. ChedI eletrical system 29. Rotate tires (il needed) 
4. Sp;rt\ plugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. Check lor loose or lost 30. Check tire plessure 
5. DistribIJor points t 5. Adjus air & Iuet ralio mix baits 31. lube door hinges 
6. Condensers, 16. Adjust dutch 24. ChedI brakes 32. Check all hoIde!s 
7. Alr lilter. t 7. Adjust braI\es 25. ChedI ckJtch 33. Check cxooting system & 
8. Oil fiher, 18. AqusI emergency brakes 26. ChedI ights hoses 
9. Gas liller. and 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Checj( undercalfiage lor 34. Check exhlWst system 
to. Engine oil belts damages 35. Road test 

20. LIJbe Irom end 

-:F«~C;;pi;t;·CI~t~ahJ;b5. $169 * 
Were,uce: 

1. Transmission W1put sIlaft seal (except 4. Throwout bearing NoIe: Hydraulic pa15 .. e not covered. 
Hondas 5. PiIol tJgjngs Not lor 4WD. Front wheel dri.,., eJCtra 

2. PrHSUre plate 6. New transmission oil . 
3. CkJlch disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. saO) 
Front or "Sf. 8tBII8 job includes: 

NEWS 3 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

~~\WMCAT 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 
THE at.r MCA T PREP COURSE RUN. TAUGHT BY MEDICAl. STUDENTS IN SAN DIEGO! 

MORE THAN AN EXAM PREP COURSE-ITS TRULY ONE OF A KIND; 

• TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS FOR PRE·MEDICAL STIJDENTS 

• lliE MOST COMPUTE 6< POPULAR MCA T PREP COURSE IN SAN DIEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 

• AN INTENSE. loo·HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP·BASED REVIEW 
PROGRAM OF THE SCIENCES. READING 6< WRmNO SIGUS AREAS TESTED 
ON lliE NEW MCAT 

• NEW MCATTEST STRATEGIES 6< STUDY SKILLS 

• lNTENSIYESCIFNCE PROBLEM SOLVING AND READING SKiUS WORJ<SHOPS; 
SMAll GROUP lEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSAY WRlTING WORKSHOPS WITH 
A UCSD WRITING PROFESSOR 

• OVER 1.000 PAGES OF HIGH.VlEW MCAT PRACTtCE TESTS. SCIENCE 
PROBlEM SOLVING EXAMS, CONDENSED FORMULA SHEETS 6< REVtEW 
NOTES PROVIDED TO ALL STUDENTS 

• MEET 6. HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WITH CURRENT MEDICAt STUDENTS; 
DlSCUSStON OFlliE MEDICAL SCHOOl. APPUCATION. ADMISStONS 6< 
INTERVtEW PROCESS, 6< LIFE ONCE IN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
lliE MEDICAL STUDENT PERSPECTIVE! 

• FREE TAKE-HOME LIBRARY CHECKOUT OF lliE BESr COMMERCIAU Y 
AVAtLABlEMCAT 6< SCtENCE REVIEW MATIRtALS 

• PERSONAL lUTORtNG 6< SCIENCE STUDY GROUPS INCLUDED IN 
PROGRAM 

• ABOUT HALF THE COST OF OTHER REVIEW COURSES 

m SPONSORED IN PART BY THE SPECIAlAllMlSSlOHS SUPPOIIT PROGRAM. UCSO SCHOOl Of MEDICINE : : : • : : ClAssES BEGIN JUNE 23 IN PREPARATION FOB THE SEPT 1991 MCAT 
CAL L 

FOR ADDfTJONALINFORMA lION • 

1991 

SUMMER '91 ENROlLMENT FORM (619) 456-4848 

CLEARANCE SALE 

~~~~[ffi~[L 
[Q)~~~@[N]~~ 
~©~~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%·900/0 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

1. !nstal spec:iaI new pads or instal rear brake shoes 5. 11eed entire brake system 
2. Drain Old brake I\uid 6. Adjust Iront (d drums) and rear shoes 
3. 1n&Jl8Cl compIeIe hydrdc sySllm 7. Replace ~om rotor seals ~I rotor lurn) 
4. Refill hydraulic fluid 8. Road test 
_ : ...,.,.... pons .. not InWCIed 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

1Innd ............ AM IIbout our.,.a.l m.. for ........ OV ......... 
All our .ortc ..... 2-7Mr or 20,00011II" IIIIM_ • ...ey. 

AII ......... C ..... p.ts ............. 

overseas ('roostcars) 
- 8008 Miramar Rd . • ...1990 

..... '" RIp.. Wlth ~::-::::nt~l 
•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Sllturdlly 

!1I1 APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
. ~4 8250 camino Santa Fe 

Miramar, California 
(619)450·3323 



OPINION 
• OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Managing Edilor 
JASON SNELL. News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

TJ.t UCSD GlUlI'dJOII is publ ished three rimu I wedc I . the Univeniry of Califonua. San Oiep,. 
CoolCnlSC I991. View. exprc...c hcn: U1 represent tho mapuy VOle 01 tho cdlaoriaI boord. and an: IlOl 
neccsunly lhose or the UC Board or RCIC.nl1. lhe ASUCSD. not lhe entire G~ 1Wf. 

A SEA OF APATHY 

Why Don't Students Care? 
There i really little question that the UCSD undergraduate 

student population - at least in general tenns - is apathetic. 
Granted. there are always a few outspoken individuals who will 
rai e a rucku when they feel tudent 'rights are being violated. 
There is a handful of Triton athletic faithful - besides the 
athletes themselve - that con istently attend and upport the 
athletic program. There are a even a small number of people who 
are actua11y prolldto ay they attend UCSD. But it would take a 
fine tooth-comb to find these people - if they actually exist. 

The lack of interest in the recent campus-wide Associated 
Students' elections only serves to reinforce the solid foundation 
of student indifference at UCSD, and perhaps even enhances it. 
Why don ' t students care? 

There may be a number of reasons why UCSD is seemingly 
trapped in an perpetual state of inactivity. Perhaps it is because 
of the college y tem, or because UCSD only has a Division ill 
intercollegiate athletic program. Perhaps it' s the lack of a "col-
lege town" atmo phere,likethat which can be found in Westwood 
or Berkeley. While the e aspects of campus may actually attf'dct 
some students who are looking for a small college atmosphere in 
a large, public university, they can also heighten student languor 
once those tudents arrive. The malaise on campus eems to 
increa in proportion to the growth of the student population. 

The college ystem - while providing that "small college" 
feel so many students look for in an affordable university - is 
divi ive by it very nature. Students who live on campus in their 
first couple of years are e entially brainwashed into a particular 
pride for their college, rather than a pride for the university as a 
whole. As a result, students often enjoy taking potshots at the 
other colleges and their respective students. This attitude re-
mains with students for the duration bf their college years. The 
annual men 's basketball "Spirit Night" game is an excellent 
example of the divisiveness bred by the college system. At that 
game, student are herded into sections labeled specifically for 
their colleges, and spend more time trying to out-cheer tudents 
from other colleges f'dther than rooting for the basketball team. 

The lack of a major intercollegiate athletic program at UCSD 
could keep tudents from doing things together, like attending 
games, on a mass scale. Though steps are being taken to discover 
if a move to a higher division is be t for the program and the 
university, it will be years before intercollegiate sports at this 
school really instills the general student population with a sense 
of pride. 

There are some Division m chools around the country 
whose students rally behind their athletic, but most of those 
chObls have football teams. UCSD does not. When the issue of 

a po sible football team on campu appeared on a student 
referendum in 1988, students were not interested enough to give 
the measure the two-thirds margin it needed to pas . 

The apathy pervading the campus population is furthered by 
the lack of a college town in the immediate campus vicinity. 
While schools like UCLA, UC Berkeley, and UC Santa Barbara 
are adjacent to or surrounded by a bu tJing urban environment, 
UCSD i enveloped by exclusive communitie to the west and 
outh, research centers and business parks 10 the nonh. and hotels 

to the east. Pedestrian access from campus to the nearest shop-
ping center i inconvenient and time-consuming, if not alto-
gether diffi ull. The majority of students own cars, partia11y 
because there really is no off -campus hou ing within convenient 
walking di lance to the central campus. Thi turns UCSD into a 
commuter school, where students are more concemed about 
parking than the obscure and intangible concept of unity. 

Student here, however, may be apathetic for one simple 
reason: the majority of students who attend UCSD do so because 
they were not accepted to their top-choice school. The admis-
sion office is often compelled to lower its academic standards 
to accept enough students to fill the void left by those who decide 
to attend school elsewhere. For many , UCSD i merely a fallback 
- a ecurity blanket in case the college of choice is notavailable. 

Of course, UCSD is only 27 years old, and lacks the tradition that 
most of its competitors have. So what can be done about all of this? 
Maybe if one was to check back in about 50 years, things might be 
different. But whether students will care is another matter entirely. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 22,1991 

BENSON 
--- ---

--

COMMENTARY 

Don't WrHe Off the ~ilitary Just Vet 
• The military is a model of color-blind employment 
and should not be seen as an undesirable career 

The whole concept of quotas has come fuD-
circle. Now we are hearing that there are too many 
black,s inlone profession - the military. One can 
only imagine tbe reaction if we dealt with this 
problem in the same manner as under-representa-

RECOIL/. .. -. '".' . 

tioo.To 
solve 
over-
represen-
tation, the 
govern-
ment 
could 
limit the 
amoUnt of 
blacks in 

the armed services - a sobering thought, but one 
which has historically plagued our Armed 
Services. 

During our nation's past, the govermnent 
limited the number of blacks in the anny and did 
not allow them to achieve officer status. All one 
has to do is look at World War II where only 2.7 
percent of the combat units were black, to see the 
irony of this point. 

Currently, some black leaders, in their contin-
ued obsession with numerical racial equality, are 
up in arms about the number of blacks in the 
military. For instance, Benjamin Hooks of the 
NAACP claims blacks join the armed services 
because "this nation can't provide them jobs," 

False statements such as these conjure up 
images of an army which is comprised of 
uneducated men and women who had no other 
option than to enlist in a profession which offers 
them nothing. This is not the case. 

To claim that blacks join the service for the 
sole purpose of escaping poveny is blatantly false. 
George Will notes, "Actually, whereas black 
volunteers are on the average poorer and less 
educated than whites, generally, most black 
volunteers have at least a high school diploma and 
come from working and middle-class families." 

Since most blacks in the military have a high 
school diploma, and there are good opponunities 
for Ihem in our race-conscious SOCiety (affirmative 
action, race exclusive scholarships, MBE loans, 
etc.),1 find it hard to believe that the armed 
services are their only alternative. In short. a hiP 
school eduattion can open many doors. 

Anod1er implication, which goes band in band 
with the previous, is that the armed lClVicea are III 

undignified profession, one to which no race 
would want to lay claims ofover-representalion. 
Nothing could be further from the truth. Our 
modern military is currently at its peak in tenns 
of the quality of its people and its eonance 
requirements. Ninety-five percent of aU soldiers ~ 
cmrendy serving in the military have high school 
diplomas. Considering that only 76.5 pen:ent of 
Americans have finished high scbool. this doesn't 
sound like the profession of a desperate man. 

Evidence also refutes this implication. Once a 
soldier reaches the level of platoon leader, he is 
responsible for 30 men and over $1 million worth 
of "'luipment. AD of this can be expected by the 
age of 22. I find that my corresponding responsi-
bilities at this age pale in comparisooto those of 
my enlisted countCIpBrt. 

Moreover, it is an insult to every man in 
unifonn - blac1c. or white - to state that they are 
involved in a less-than-desirable line of work. 
~ is nothing subordinate about serving in the 
military. The benefits doled out by the military 
are robust. It takes care of all of a soldier's 
mc;dical and dental needs. One is provided with 
food and clothing, and if you live on base, 
shelter. Credit is much easier to obtain while 
employed by the military and if a soldier per-
forms wen, there are many travel options 
available. In addition, through the G.I. Bill, the 
military will pay one's way through college. 

The military is not only a job, but a good one 
at that. Perhaps the problem for some of the 
people who are complaining about the military 
enrollment is the belief that the government 
should automatically give out these benefits 
instead of requiring one to earn them. 

Some blacks in the military hold the service in 
high regard because it is one of the few profes-
sions where a person is judged solely on the basis 
of merit. The military is a refuge from racism. It 
judges people on the quality of their work instead 
of the color of their skin. There are many 
examples of black achievement in Jhe anned 
service, from the men of the Patriot battery which 
saved Saudi Arabia, to deputy Desert Storm 
Commander General Calvin Waller and, of 
course, Chainnan of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
CoBin PoweU. 

Here ls a man who was born the son of 
Jamaican Jmmigrants and joined the service with 
only a public-school education. Now, he has risen 

See RECOIL, Page 5 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

RECOIL 
Continued from page 4 
to the top of his profession and is 
one of the most powerful and pres-
tigious men in America. Hopefully, 
the military will stand as an ex-
ample for the rest of society as a 
place where racism has been de-
stroyed and meritocracy has taken 
its place. 

All the benefits aside, the mili-
tary does have one drawback -
combat. Unlike Vietnam, where 
men were drafted against their will, 
the modem anny is a volunteer 
army. To keep a high level of en-
rollment, the government bestows 
many advantages upon its soldiers. 
In return, one may eventually be 
asked to fight, but this is done 
voluntarily and fully cognizant of 
the possibilities. 

Even this dangerous element is 
not as foreboding as some would 
have you believe. The fact that 
enrollment rose 10 percent during 
the 40 days of the Persian Gulf 
War attests to the level of fear 
surrounding combat. 

Blacks join the military for 
multitudinous reasons. It offers 
many benefits, respects andjudges 
people on the basi s of their achieve-
ments. In light of these facts, it is a 
slap in the face of every black 
soldier to claim they are in the 
service because society could of-
fer them nothing else. 

7lN UCSD G.Rrtlu.nwel-
comes your letters and 
COD1JDe11tarics. Drop your 
letter at the Gurtlillon of-
fices (on the second floor 
of the Student Center, 
above the General Store) 
or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GfUJ,.ilillon 

B-016, UCSD 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

Letters should be typed, 
double-spaced, and mllSt 
imJutIe " si8tu1t74re "nil 110 
phone number. Unsigned 
letters will not be printetl. 
We reserve the right to 
edit for length and clar-
ity. The views expressed 
in graphics and signed 
letters or commentaries 
do not necessarily repre-
sent the opinions of The 
UCSD GUllrililJn, the 
University of California, 
or the Associated Stu-
dents. The Gurilillon is 
funded solely by adver-
tising. 

The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Reader Reacts to a Wide 
Range of Campus Issues 
Editor: 

Havingjust read a recent issue of 
the Guardian, I thought I would 
pass on a few thoughts for the times. 

• Molly McKay: You got it half 
right: you did fail, but we didn't. 
Witheight weeks until school is out, 
you could have at least worked on 
this large A.S. agenda that you have. 
Maybe we did fail in electing some-
one who was only willing to go half-
way on a job. 

• It's amazing that SAACdoesn't 
mention Traynham's libelous/ste-
reotypical Jewish cartoon a few 
weeks back. Wait, SAAConlydeals 
with "people of color." Sony. 

• Speaking of Traynham ... Re-
garding your most recent cartoon, if 
you wantto make a point it might be 
advised not to necessarily have a 
white head coach and a black ath-
lete. Isn't it stereotyping that we 
don't want? 

• One final Traynham note. As I 
recall, the Uptergrove cartoon that 
got SAAC in a rage was acknowl-
edged by the illustrator as a misun-
derstanding and received an apol-
ogy. 

In your"apology"letter you want 
us to feel sony for your point of 
view. If only coins had a head on 
both sides, so that we could always 
call 'em the way we wanted 'em. 

Traynham, your cartoons are ex-
tremely one-sided and pointless. I 
can hardly call them art. Maybe you 
can get lessons from Uptergrove. 

• Sir Anthony Jemison: Any-
thing can be racist if look at it in a 
way that best serves your interests. 

-It's called a self-serving bias. I'll bet 
if you look hard enough, "Tom and 
Jeny" could be seen as racist Sir 
Jemison, it looks like you need to 
take Social Science 60. 

• Tonuny Tucker: Try to be less 
petty. We all know you and Matt 
Schnurer don't see eye to eye, but 
taking away his key? C'mon. He 
works late hours and sometimes 
sleeps here. Over the last five years 
he has done the most for the school 
through the A.S. Matt didn't do 
anything wrong, so they attack him 
with a technicality. 

As Dana Carvey says when he 
imitates Presi.dent George Bush, to 
summarize: 

1. Molly, you failed. 
2. SAACfocuses only on certain 

prejudices. 

3. Traynham stereorypes likePete 
Rose gambles. 

4. Traynham needs art lessons 
from Uptergrove. 

5. Tom and Jeny are racists. 
6. Jameson needs Social Sci-

ence. 

7. Tucker is petty. 
Name Withheld 

LAPD Beating 
And Palestinian 
Arrest Have Little 
In Common 
Editor: 

I have just read the opinion piece 
by Mr. Knauss ("When Hatred Ob-
scuresJustice,"Aprilll,I99I)and 
I wish to disagree. The arrest of a 
Palestinian and the brutal beating of 
Rodney King have almost nothing 
in common. 

The two similarities between the 
cases are: first, both belong to a 
minority group, and second, both 
were arrested by police officers that 
did not belong to that group. 

But the differences between the 
two incidents go much deeper. 
Rodney King was arrested and bru-
tally beaten by officers for speed-
ing. Speeding is not a felony. The 
Palestinian was arrested by only 
one officer after commiting mur-
ders. First degree murder is a most 
foul felony. 

Mr. King had no weapons. The 
Palestinian carried a knife, with 
which he had killed just minutes 
earlier. 

Mr. King landed in the hospital 
because of the injuries he recived. 
The Palestinian was arrested and 
jailed without any harm done to 
him. 

We must also note that the arrest-
ing officer expressed his rage at the 
murderof innocent civilians by say-
ing that he would have killed the 
murderer if given a chance. But 
there is a difference between ac-
tions and words, and in fact, the 
Palestinian was not shot, or even 
beaten. 

The comparison of two such dif-
ferent events is unfair to Rodney 
King and the ISf'deli police. As one 
can see, though the cases do have 
similarities, the differences go much 
deeper. 

Judith Szepesi 

~~fORD 
~ 

COFFEE It 
OUd' 

«' 
.... 

-~~~~ 

We've got 
Roommates 

TlchU 
em 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rmtak 
SIUtOS • Quiche 

• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 

-.: •. ~ .iii':f;; '::: 
,,-.-~= 
:.~.~ 
:. :: '1-... ) 04.; :: ill 
• .~ .... 'j 

• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccino 

• Garden Salads -":C"'--:" ~ I • Gourmet Coffee \ 
______________ -c .~' J 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

SUrfboards 
AUIoRtpalr 

Saks 
,/ob5 

Typlng Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM ·5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

BabysItting 
Computers 
lmtNoees 
1liii_in 
tbeGutvlla 

cia .... WhIt 
doJWnmI1 

OPINION 5 

REVELLE STUDENTS! 
Get involved at Revelle I 

Join a Revelle Committee! 
Applications available at the 

Revelle Provost Office 
Due April 26 

, " 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M-F 8 :30·6 p m Ex 5122 , 91 , 
Sat 1 -4 p.m W,th UCSO 10 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDI.H a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trai~ed Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

((j H)) 2 7 ;)·1 1:12 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Satur4ays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

e 
Kandall 
MOaGa 
WelUle_.~"'" 

K_III!!> 1 •• rI.,..III 
•• oar eII __ ", 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete 

• Prc.r ••• llon~.t-I'.rylc:. 
• Qu.llty Iy.e.r. 

(Off., expires 511'SNJ) • " ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
28N8S8 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

, 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 22, 1991 

The shameless plug for the Affirmative Action debate, coming soon to a newsstand near you. 

BlACK & WHITE CARTOONS 
OF COLOR 

In this comer, 
weighing in at 165 
Ibs., our defending 
champion, and 
SAAC chairman: 

-&-:Db 
.......................... ~/. I 

; UCSD SPECIALI / 
• ". .. a warm, party .........-:> • As us.,.1 • oj /, 

fUI qael'Vt atmosphere ... for ~_ & • 
II"YlII serious pizza eaters ... " If~.t,~ I. 

m J9VI pool Jack White, ChanncllO "''1~h • 
....... ' restaurant crldc 

M.lI! Il.",,-Mid· • 

~~i::'=~ Tired o/the same of ' cardboard pizza? = 
1. Call B1's for gou rmet quality. • 
· ,-----------,----------;-, . ! :$I~~~!!a :$2~!:!!:! 
= I I'/mse p",sem coupon wb"" orderi'lfI· I I'/ease {m'5m1 cOUJXlf' when ordenng. I II 
• L _ ~J'5 Pizzc:ria, laJoUa ___ 1 ___ BJ'S Pizzeria, laJo~ _ ~ 
• • I 8873 villa La Jolla Dr. La jolla Village Cemer 45 5 -06 6 2 • 
= UCSD's origlrlnl Pizzeria I still/be bestl ExpIYCS .s'6<91 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

.' G ~~ ree~ eyelelM 
RECYCLED PAPER 

from A Q!) AMPAD 

NOW·AVAILABLE A,. 
I.. ----.1 J 
I I Ii II I I 'I I UCSD BOOKSTORE 

SUPPLIES DEPARTMENT 534 - 378. 
OPEN: MOt! - FRI lAM -. PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

In this comer we 
have the chal-
lenger, weighing in 
at 125 lbs. , and 
writer of the famed 
Recoil column: 
Zachary "Booty 
Chin" Berman 

'FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Frr.'I! cO'lSl/llal/on and t"ll/allreul,mml 15 min. S20 vall/e. Fi~·l/me clients only';' 

Eyebrows 

~Up 
Chin 

Undefatms 

Breas! 

SlOI1IIICh 

Bikini Line 

F'1fl98'S 
Legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Ml'diGll Associa lion 
approved melhods for problem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmelic eleclrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female slaff, Slale lic. lechnicians 

558-0888 
..... . 

Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJollu VUlDge Professi01UJI Center Bebind Elepbant Bar 
8950 Villa Lajolla Dr. te. 2121 'ExpIres 5122/9 t 

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '91 
with a $92.00* per night 
Graduation Package 0 
June 14-16 including 
a celebration bottle 0 
of champagne 

o 

o o 
o 0 

o 
o 

o 

Turn graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 

Sunday Brunch 
served in 

Barcino' Grill 
Sunday June 16 

11 am-2pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552-1234 
1-800-233-1234 

AT AVENTINE 

Hyan ReeenC}' La )oOa at Aventine, 3777 LiljoUa Village Drive, San Diego, CA 92122 
'SUlak or double occupancy. Based on pace 3I'lIilabillty. NOI valid with any other otl'er. 

FEATURES 
7FBATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 22, 1991 

• Student artists use the unconventional to execute their creative endeavors 

THE ARTISTS 

Jennifer KolskylGuardian 

__ ..--_._.~.w.. .... _ 

"My installations and my 
sculptures turn almost into stage 
sets for performances - per-
formance art." 

"I like to work on people in 
interiors - people waiting in 
interiors such as hospital wait-
ing rooms, [and] people in 
churches sining on pews." 

"I like to play with nweriaIs 
which are considered uncon-
ventional, such as putting pho-
tographs in boxes - jewelry 
boxes with some son of narra-
tive - either wrinen or im-
plied" 

By Christina Huizar 
Senior Staff Writer 

t's 2 a.m. and those in the quonset huts are 
stirring. Outside, the fog rolls in and mixes 
with the smell of turpentine. Inside, those at 
work stroke their canvas with paint, wipe it 
off, and re-apply it. The silence of the night 
is periodically interrupted by the sound of a 
drill or ajigsaw a few yards away in the 
sculpture yard. Art students work into the 
night and into the morning with complete 
disregard for conventional daily schedules. 
They build and create while others study, 

memorize, and sleep. 
Among all the tall buildings containing laboratories 

atop laboratories atop research facilities, an art 
department exists with a flourishing student popula-
tion. But some visual arts (V A) students feel the major 
is plagued by stereotypes. 

"I wonder sometimes what people feel about art 
majors," said John Hart, a VA studio major. "I think 
people feel like it isn' t a legitimate major. I think a lot 
of people think, 'Oh, those VA fags' -I've heard 
that expression before. 

"They don't know what work is [and feel] it's not 
as important as biochemistry or AMES. I just think it 
is entirely different. You can't compare the two. I 
spend a hell of a lot of time doing this stuff and it's 
very imponant to me. And then when I hear science 
majors say it's not important, it just kills me." 

V A student Joan Spitler collects things most people 
wouldn't at look twice. She has birds, lots of birds, 
not real ones, but fake ones, in many different colors. 

Jennifer KolskylGuardian 

They are perched everywhere: on her hat, on her 
clothes - even on her gorilla uit. And then there is 
the hair - not real hair - but wigs. Her collections 
have considerable variety. Delicate locks are dis-
played in a jewelry box. 

"I like objects. A lot of it I get at thrift stores, 
swap meets," explained Spitler, who makes sculp-
tures with the treasures she finds and puts them 
together to create displays, which she calls installa-
tions. 

"My installations and my sculptures turn almost 
into stage sets for performances - performance art," 
Spiller said. 

Spitler's work is large scale and very unconven-
tional. You won't find any plaster busts or marble 
figures in her show. Instead, you'll be pleasantly 
greeted with playful settings decorated with things 
such as hair and costumes. Off to the side is a 
doll house that looks like a little girl's dream. As one 
approaches , an optical effect involving the doll 's 
heads and the blackened windows creates an endless 
tunnel within the house. The dollhouse has a smell, 
distinctly feminine, of flowers and perfume. Hours 
after leaving the show, one is still struck by the scent 
of Spitler's work. 

Late into the night you can usually find John Hart 
in the quonset huts, brush in hand and wearing a 
yellow painting jacket which he got from a lost and 
found. Right now, Hart is working on paintings of 
people. 

See ART, Page 8 
• 



8 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

\\~t a ~en~ational ~ummet 10 }I/ 
Choose from nine different travel-study programs - earn college credit while 
having the experience of a lifetime! Reasonable costs - great professors-
great package deal. 

Enroll Today -- Time's Running Out! 
For Fun Details Call For Free Brochure: 560-2791 

Enjoy a well-planned Itinerary. which Includes the convenience and unique ~nefits of 
a college-sponsored program. Enroll In the classes offered In trip brochures; earn 
university-accepted college credit. Travel dates Usted below; some classes Include pre-
travel meetings at Mesa College prior to departure. 

~~----------~A:rI~1\I Lon v. 

------------------------------ ---

------------=--------------------

Don't delay - ~ign up today! 
Deadlines are approaching! 

To Reserve Your TRAVEL-STUDY Spot, CALL NOW: 

(619) 560 - 2791 
An accredited college program of San Diego Mesa College 

Dates, details and costs subject to change. San Diego Mesa College is a campus of the San Diego 
Community College District, accredited through Western Association of Schools and ColJeges. Courses 

re accepted by most four year univer Itles. Tuili n is $5 per unit per semester for CalifornJa residents 
- minimum one year residency. 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

ART: Displayed on campus 
Continued from page 7 

". like to work on people in 
interiors - people waiting in inte-
riors such as hospital waiting 
rooms, [and) people in churches 
sitting on pews," Hart explained. 

Sometimes Hart has trouble lo-
cating subject matter for his work. 

"A lot of people here have a 
theme or some big thing . • don' t 
have one. I'm Mexican but • 
couldn' t do a work about the re-
pression of the labor class or some-
thing. I couldn't do that, because I 
Ii ve in La Jolla. I'm basically white 
middle c1ass_ So if I ~id that, it 
would be a complete hoax. 1 want 
to do something more universal, 
such as emotional problems," he 
said. 

The VA major includes work in 
all media. While Narciso Arguelles 
likes to be behind the camera, his 

John Hart 

work is nOl only photographic, but 
includes placing his photographs 
with unusual materials. 

" I like mounting my photos. I 
like to play with materials which 
are considered unconventional, 
such as putting photographs in 
boxes -jewelry boxes with some 
son of narrative - ei ther written 
or implied," Arguelles said. 

One image in Arguelles' work 
depicts a child at the border trying 
to sell merchandise to people in 
cars as they wait in a long line to 
enter the United States at San 
Ysidro. It is roughly mounted on a 
piece of cardboard. 

"I deal with images that I have 
grown up with [from] Chicanol 
Mexican culture, like the card-
board. The cholos [chicano gang 
membersj used to draw on card-

S~e PROJECTS, Page 12 

--------------.--------------_.-------------------------------------------------------------J )Q r .$:! Ii IflA .·(i hI 
Monday, April 22, 1991 

Mond.oy. Thundar- 8-00 am-4:.lO pm. FridafS -1:00 ...... 3:00 .... E_&in. "so .vlllobk -
The Lon,UI" PtoJnm providu wi_oo"- whoo _ .. Ion,UlJC is "'" Enal~h and '0 
!hot< do", WQt III J_. I .. ion. Sponi .... "'-II. Cicnnon, VicvIomeJe. ond Ruulan. A 
diqnomc ltst on "'nllen En.lish u. second lanP .... is avai1lb&e Oft request. ClJI 5)4..2284 for 
mon: informodon. Old S.udon. Con .... Blda. A. Rcnn '214. F __ 

Mond.oy·Fndly 

" ...... : ..... 1E ...... '.ppoh."'.nll abo ... ilobk) - The OASIS Wridn, Center i •• free: 
terricc for all UCSD MUden'1. We offct one to one ...nun. conlcmlCe$ for any type of "';Iin. 
project - oeodensic: popen. penonoI .... ...,.., .... von _ III(! poemo. Our iliff 0/ trained 
~ who oomr from I variety o(.c.dtmIc dia;iplincl, eM help you bct'c:Jn'E • men 
cIJenIvc wri .... ColI ~34-211141O -., .. ..".. ....... or droIp by .... oK ... in Ill< old SI"'" 
CcNer. B_, A. It-. 214. me. 
" ...... :3I ... - 11teOASIS S\IIdy M.........,.ICe .... provIoIcssaviccs .0.11 Audcn .. who 
wiJb 10 I.......,.. their o<odemie skil ... Malt. on awoi-' for 11\ individual confutnC<. or 
!O';- for .... W<lft<Ihops OIl ri ... _.mcn~ _.w.. .. """'0, .... 1_ .... y .... m<mOf)' • 
..... prep.<te. Call 534-7344. USB 4010.. F .... 

T ....... y. April 23. 1991 

I:" _1:541 .... - Post Exom An.lys;': EumCritique. USB 401D. Fr«:. 

3. _J:5t ptII - Graduot<IProfcssiOllal Exam Sltills: Verbal _&i ... USB 4010.. Frt • . 

Wednesday. April 14. 1991 

3:. _3:5t ,.. - Gnd.....}J>ro( ... ional Ex.m SkUls: Analylicol Reuonin,. USB 4010. Free. 

Thunday. April 25. 1991 

10:00 ..... I .. .!4I_ - Grad ..... S<hooI Exam ...... : Reaclin, C4mpr<hension. USB 40 10. Free. 

l;. ,..3:5t ... - A.xiblc Peadio,: Rate ond Cocnprd>ensioo. USB 4010.. Fr«. 

SERVICESIWORKSHOPS 
Mond.oy-Friday 

8:tO._:00,.. -SIG I PLUS (Sy".ns of Im_dve G~idanc: •• oo Infonnation) i •• computer· 
bued proanm of career inrormation desi,ned to help you I;:larify )'OW' skills. \I.lues and 
occupational inrereslI. For more information, come to Career Scrvices Cenler. $10. 

Mond.oy. April 22. 1991 

1I:00.1D - 1m<:RVIEWlNG SKILLS WORKSHOP; Do you.-! ~Ip in propannl for job 
inlCfYtews? Career Scniccl Center will provide: tipson the: beSI WI)'S to prelCm yourquahrtCaUons 
and what kind of interview questions 10 expect. Catetr Services Center. Frec , 

1:30 ~:OO "'" - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For h.,p findin, deslnble pan·time 
empAo)'me.nL dctenninina carter eoal.\. scarthin, for jobs or ellplonn, pro(csslonkl or graduate 
JChooI opponunitics. No Ippoinrmcnl ncccssary,juSfwalk-in . Career ScNiccs Center. F~. 

l :.om-ONCAMPUS INTI:RVIEWING ORIENT A nON: If YOll ... in.erested in panlcipaling 
in the: Carta Services Center's on-<:ampus interviewin, propam tbisquuu:r, it is mlndltol)' that 
you Itlend one of lhesc orientations before you interview. CARet Suvices Center. Free. 

Tuesday. April 23. 1991 

1:30 ~:OO pm - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: For help ftndin, deslnble part·.ime 
employmen~ determinin, career 1"'1 •• searchin, foo: job< or explorin, professionol or pu ... 
school opportunities. No appoinrmcnt necessary, juS! walk-in . Can:cr Scl"iiccs Cemer. Frcc. 

Wednesday, April 24. 1991 

9-.JO ... - ONCAMPUS IN1CR VIEW ING ORIENT A nON: If f<lU on: in_.ted in panicipatinl 
in the Career Sc.rvk:cs Ccnacr's on-campus incerviewlnc procram thisq'-W1Cr, it is mandatory thlll 
you anend one of these orientations bcfCJl'e you interview. Carec:r Services <Anler. Free. 

1:30 ..... - ON·CAMERA: PRACTICING INTERVIEWING SKILLS - Shl1J'Cn your 
intcrViewin, skills by seein, ond heorln, younelf on videotape. Receive feedback from other job 
........ in .hls group woriWIop. I'rmqui.i •• : INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORKSHOP.nd sign 
up 10 walCh the EFFECTIVE INTERVIEWING DEMO TAPE. Cotter S.rvice. Cen~r. Free. 

I:. ~:OO pm - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: For help findin, desirable part·dme 
employmtnt. delerminlnl career ,0&15, scarcl\ing for jobs or explorin& professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No appointment necew..ry,just walk·ln. Career Services Center. Free. 

': ........ :01 ... - Lesbionond Bi ... uoI Women·. Suppon Group. t.ed by pccreounselcnOleli 
and Debbie. We'~ I weekly, c:onfldentiaJ drop-in group for women interested in di5Cussing 
penonaJ conccmland lOCill issues in a comfonable. supponive environmenL Call In.vid II ~J4.. 
3987. Women', ReJOWa: Ctnccr. Free. 

Thursday. April 25. 1991 

10: ... - MARJ(£1' ABLE RESUME WORKSHOP: Learn hoW'OCOlUUUC" ... ,,-or·the·an 
_ .... will molt. )'011 stand OUI from the <rowd. Career Service. Center. Free. 

The UCSD Guardian 

I:. ~: .. ,. - DROP· IN ADVISING HOURS: For ~Ip findin, dc'lJIIbk pan·time 
~ymcr". dtlCfminina career ,Olls. JCatCkinl (or jobs or explonn, pro(e,sional or paduatc 
5Chool oppCII'twlititt. No appointment neces.s.a.ry, jusl walk:· in. Career Stf".cC$ Ccntu. Frft. 

" .. _7:JO ... - Goy and Bise,uoI Men', Suppon Group led by pttroouns<lors Tony.nd 
~u. We'te' "edJy lnbmal, confKknlial pecrpoupfor students who want lodisc:ussi s~s and 
5Iwt conccms. Come lend your supponl Drop-in .. e.lcomc or clli DaVid 1.334-3981 for mort Info. 
Usually ~kt in MounDin View Loon,e (by me rennis coons II Third CoUege), but ,I\iJ wed: CIlb!: 
in Oi:tanvtew Loun,e. Third Collele. Free. 

Friday. April 26. 1991 

10:5t ... - INTERVIEWING SKIllS WORKSHOP: Do)'Oll need help in pn:pann, 10< job 
iawrviewI7 CaIftr Savices Center Will provKle tiPS on I.hc best wayllO ptt5ent your qualifications 
and whal kind of InterView qucStions to Upec:l. Carftt Services Cenler. Fru. 

1:.It ~:tI ,. - DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS: For ~Ip wilh career aools. job huntina. 
re.sumc prtparatloft. elC. No appotnlemcnt necessary, just walk·ln. Career Sc.rvlces Center. Frte_ 

LEcnJRES 

Wednesday. April 24. 1991 

4:00pm - Piott Bitoru.. Polish Filmmakerand UCSD Re&enu L«turer. wiU prcscnlan informal . 
infonnationaJ session on contemporary Polish culture. )15' Lilenuure Bldg. Free. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 
Tuesday. April 23. 1991 

2:30 , .... : .. ptn - Lelbian, alY It. BisexuII AssociatKHt buliocss mctun,. E\lery ,",cd:. same 
lime. Old Student Cenler. 2nd noor, above Soft Reserves. Free. 

5:30 , ... 7:01 ptII - UNIVERSITY TOASTMASTERS orren .,IOIbl. publIC 'peakin,. 
communkalion. and leadership skills in I run and supportive environment I E\cf)'ont Is we~ 
to visit out wcdly on~lmpus mcclincs. MAAC Conf. Rm. III A (south of Ihe Pncc CcnlCI). Frtt 
visit. 

Wednesday. April 24. 1991 

5:00,.. - ACS Sludent Affiliates "Su,KKnt Chemistry Club" meets every Wtdnu day In Ure)' 
Hall32lo.. F .... 

ENTERTAINMENT 

Monday. April 22. 1991 

1:00 pm - Ptrfonner's Forum Concen O~,.O '" Improll. Voice. nute:. doublebus and piat'lO 
5tudcnUi pcrforminc chamber nlU$M: . M.andcvil~ Recital Hall Free. 

Thundoy. April 25. 199I ·Fridar. April 26. 1991 

4:31,.. ••• :00 pm - The 1991 M.F.A. enduatln, clus in ,hea ... will p",senl lheir puda.e 

2~JPJTI ... q 8 

CALENDAR 9 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Tuesday Ihm Salurday 

CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by the Catholic;: Student COfMIURlly al UCSD. Umverluy 
l..uthemn Olurch. Comer or N. Torrey Pinel lind La Jolla Shores Drne. Free. 

Mond:ty. Apn122. 1991 

12;00 pm - JEWISII CAMPUS CI~NTERS offers Lchrhuus BMIC Judlll$m cias!) \A Ith Rabbi 
Slouuck. S02 Mluhews. Frte. 

Tundar. April 23. 1991 

12:00 pm·l :OOpm- Bible Study; come: IndenJOY a rich lime in God's word Wt ',e In the 800lc 
or Mauhc ..... every Tuc!oday,looking althe teachings of our Lord ch3pler b)' chapler. All invited! 
Santa Barban. RCXKl1, Pnce Center. Free:. 

4:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS offers Lehrhaus Talmud Slud), wuh Rabbi Doug 
Slotnick. S02 Mauhtws. Frte. 

7:00 pm - UN ION OF JEWISH STUDENTS Elocuon>'santA B.m. .. Room. Pritt Contcr. Frt:c. 

7:JO pm - CAllfOLlC IBBLE STIJOY. Each .... ·eek wc hear. renect on. discuss, ~nd pray Ike. 
upcominc Sunday ScriPlltrC:S. Plcas¢ join us. UniversilY LUlhernn Church. Catholic lounge . 
Across the streel from Revelle College. Free. 

Wedn.sday. April 24. 1991 

IO:00.m·2:00 pm - The ISRAEL AcnON COMMITI'EE h" an inform"ion table in .hcPric:c 
Cenler Plua. Come Ind talk: with JeWIsh Slucknts about Jewlsl\ life on c3mpus lind opponuftlues 
(or visllin, Jmac!. 

6:00 pm - Dinner is served? Enjoy I home-clX>ked mul ptrpared by towuspc=ople (rom lht 
Lutheran Community at UCSD. Everyone is .... 'Clcome. Unlversil), LUlheran Church. across lhe 
srrtt:t from Revelle College. 

7:00 PnI - "Wholly Hol'f' is Ihe Dible sludy lopic based on Ephesians 2'11-12Ied by LUlhcn.n 
campul P •. stor John Huber. Open to everyone. University Lutheran Church. won Ihe street (rom 
Revelle College". Free . 

8:00pm -"What Is Oislinc:tive aboutJeausChrisl'r' will be presented by Lutke.ran campus Pillor 
John Huber. All are welcome. University Luthenn Churcl\. across tl\e street from RevclleColleac. 
Free. 

""italsin twO group': Group A-April 25.4:30 pm. April 26. 8:00 pm; Group B-Apri I2'. 8:00 Thursdoy. April 2.S. 1991 
pm. April 26. 4:30 pm. WURn TheoU<. $' .. the door. Ti<k.I JOOd foo:both "","p'. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Monday-F(idoy 

You may WlnllObc phyRcaU), fil bul doG', know here IOSWl'l You knowyou 'rc in shape but want 
10 know how til you arc'll( you "fil" thit. ~1 Fil SlOp useu you. Free 1\ Student Health. SlOP in 
and sian up for an appohnmenl. Studtnt Health Scrvice, 2nd noor. Free. 
Monday. April 22. 1991 

1:00 pm- CoveryoulovCl'.llminltc ),ourdate, and you won'l have 10 wony aboul beina lalt. At 
bini'! cooO'01 info sessions we discuss proper use of condoms and Other be methods. Siudent Health 
Sct'licc. 2nd noor. me. 

Tuesdoy. April 23. 1991 

11 ; ..... - Pluric proteCtion prevents infection so to Ivold your firsl lnjcction, cover up thlC 
criticlileCtion. Start wilh I free condom (rom a binhconlrOllnfo session. Sludent Health SeNice. 
2nd fl«w. Ftee. 

I:GO pm - Thinkin,.bou, JOin, on I~ pill? Corne heir .vcrythin, you need.o know aboul the 
pilJ and other birth conuol options. BIlth Concrol info seSsionl are presented by Student Heallh 
Advoc .. n S.uden. Heollh Setvi«. 2nd noor. F .... 

Wednesday. April 1 • . 1991 

I ...... _ Early dtl«don Is the key 10 preventin, serious di5eISC. Ccmc by a Well Woman 
Itsston to learn aU.boul the pap 5mC&T and how 10 do. proper self ()tam.. SII.KknI Hellrh Service. 
2nd fl«w. Ftee. 

I:CIO pm- Mary had llinle lambskin, not quite as ,ood as latex. But c.vcrywhert: that Mary went. 
It lcut she tried 10 pncticc sale leX. Alk • Siudent Health Advocate ,bool the: dirrerence in 
dfectivcocss between lilex and lambskin Ila binhcontrol lnfo "ssion. Su.ldcnc Health Service, 2nd 
floor. Ftee. 

Thunday. April 25. 1991 

I ... _ - How kwli docs II tate for sperm to ,ct rrom lhe front o( the vlainal ca.na11O In el8 
in lhr: falJoptln tuba? Less than 90 JeConcts. To find OUt ~ about 5pmn and v.Jinu, come w 
• buth conuol info ... sion. Sntdent IIuIth Service. 2nd noor. Ft«. 

I.,.. - Lo ............ r ways 10 ~Ip preven,lItose milltin,lnf«rion'. Corne by. w.n 
WOIIIIII ~ 100. Se"Ioo. lin: led by • speclolly ualned Sludenl Health Advoca.e. S<ude .. Hulth 
SavIce. 2nd floor. me. 

II :00 .... 2:00 pm- JEWISH CA M PUS CEN'reRS Information T.bl. in ,h. Price Conter PI .... 
Stop by fOf' informllion on Jewlsl\ campus Ii(e. Free. 

5:45 pm - THE THURSDAY DINNER. H ..... mad< lood and gre •• companr. Sponsor«! by 
the Catholic Student Community II UCSD, University LUlhenn Church, Catholic Lounge, laosS 
from Revelle Collc&e. S2 donalion. 

7:lt pm - Episcopal Colle&c Group Bible study. For infOl"TNlloo and rides el ll ~.5~6661. SL 
Eliubelh's Churrh. 2825 Menon Ave., Sin Ditgo. Free. 

Sunday. Apn128. 1991 

. :OI.m-EPISCOPALCAMPUS MINISTRY. WorshipScrvlceand Holy Eucnarist. CIIun:hof 
the Good SamaritAn, 4321 EUlgate Mall. Free. 

1 :30 am - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by the Catholic Siudent Communlt)' al UCSD. 
University Lull\erlln Churcl'l. Comer of N. Torrey Pina: =nd La Jolla Shorts Drive. Free:. 

':OO.m - EP ISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. WorshIp Service ond Holy Eucharist. St.Iames 
Ephropal CIIurch. 743 Prospec. SI .• La Jollo. F",<. 

10:01 am - EPISCOPAl.. CAMPUS MINISTR Y. Woohlp Service and Holy El)Chanst. Church 
of ll\c Good Samanilln, 4321 East,llC Mall. Frte. 

11:00 1m - Lutheran worsl\ip SCI'YK:C open to all Sludents, sla(( and lownspeople. Univenity 
Lutheran Church. KrosS the Sll'CC[ from Revelle Colle,e. 

5:00 pm - CATHOLI MASS. SpootsOrflI by Ih. Calholl. Studenl Communi.y al UCSD. 
Uni'llcnily Lutl'leran Churel\ , Comer or N. TOITCY Pines and La JoUa Shcm.s Drive. Free. 

6:00 pnt·1:00 pm - UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY Invitesyou tOI sing-alona. RetreAI forone 
hour and share In the joy of music .... lIh ocher Olristian friends rrom campus. We meet weekly In 
the Police 51alion Tralninl Room (near ORA o(fice in 5(2), Outdoors weadler pcrmitlin • . AU are 
welcome! Free. 

9:00 pm - CA mOlle MASS. Sponsored by the Calholic Studenl Community 11.1 UCSD. 
Unlvcrsily Lulhcran o..ureh, Corner of N. Tomy Pines and La Jolla ShoreJ Dri'llc. Free. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
ThcsdJr, Apn123. 199I ·Thund.y. Apnl2.S. 1991 

The. VA 198 advcrtiJin& conumtlCC WIU be KUinC persona.! fOf the UndlrJradUl.1C Am Fabva.l 
CIIIIo&- The eostl. $.j for 20 woro. Pn, .. ecnler (in Iron. or the books .... ). 

Photographs by Christina Huizar/Guardian 



10 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian 

Rip-Roarin' Fun From the South 
Alexa Sherman 
Staff Writer 

This band is flln. Fun wi th a 
capital "F. "And genlline. A genu-
inely filII band. I that po sible in 
loday's corrupt, commercial mu-
si indu try? The duo from Ath-
en ,Georgia called The hickasaw 
Mudd Puppie prove that ' it i~ 
po ible. The Mudd Puppie~ are 
Brant Slay and Ben Reynold ,who 
met at art school. Their second 
album, co-produced by R.E. M. 
frontman Michael Stipe and '50s 
blues legend Willie Di xon, is titled 
8-TrackStomp. IIi acollectionof 
raw, soulful , 3nd a ca ionally hu-
morous image of life as the Mudd 
Puppie know it. They wi ll be 
opening for The Feelie tonight at 
the Triton Pub, so get to the how 
early. 

In a recent te lephone interview, 
Brant lay spoke enthusias tica lly 
about the band's evoluti n ver 
the past C ur year. "Me and Ben 
- both of ollr art istic phi 10 ophie~ 
were that the be~t things created 
are tom down to the ba!-oi sand 
then built up from there," he ~ald . 

lth ugh Michael Stipe calb 
the du '~mu ' ic "complex," Sla 
~ees it differently. lie c~plained, 
"The complexi ty comes from the 
fa t that we don ' t know how t 
write ongs. r ill not trying to 
~ound like this naive, sort of 'oh I 
write folk music.' We don't know 
what we're doing, but it's the only 
way we know how to write - it is 
imple." Thi simplici ty makes 

their music inten ely real when 
compared to their contemporaries. 

The Mudd Puppies shy away 
from categori zing their music, 
ince it limits what they can do. 

Slay ack nowledged, ;;All in all 
we' re heavi ly influen ed by th 
blue, prison work ongs, and old 
country music. But those are all 
ju t mu ic with a feeling, and that's 
what we are. I don ' t consider our 
music blue. People have called it 
'swamp s to mp,' 'bac kwoods 
boogie,' and 'the Sex Pi tols of 
porch mu ic.' That's flattering. but 

it' obvious that people have to 
relate you to omething that they 
already know." 

Regardless oflabel ,The Mudd 
Puppies quickly impress their au-
dience . On the tage, they create 
the feel of being "at an old-time 
porch party." Clothesline are u -
pended. Slay sing in a rocking 
cha ir playing the harmonica, 
wa hboard , ~tompboard , and 
haking cowbell ,while Reynold 
ings and plays guitar. Slay said 

that for first-lime audiences. "their 
jaw are dropping and they're go-
ing 'what the hell i thi ?' But then 
they stan movin' . The music' fun 

" I try to make sounds that 
are unlike regular singers', 
with noises and effects -
the little yelps and growls. 

" BRENT SLAY 
Chickasaw Mudd Puppies 

- it '~ ajumpin' mu ic and people 
~ee that ." 

When they opened for the 
Waterboy , the Mudd Puppies re-
eived a tanding ovation from 

4,500 people. More recently, they 
played on a bi ll with Jane's Addic-
tion, R.E.M., Robin Hitchcock,and 
Billy Bragg in London. Slay said, 
"The Jane' ddiction crowd wa 
amazingly vio lent -looking. We 
thought they were gonna come on 

stag~ and kill us. But they were 
ju t a nice a they could be. They 
really got into the music. We were 
shocked." 

De pite the duo' succe es, 
Slay in is ts he has no voice and 
Reynold say he can 't play guitar. 
With elfim3ge uch a those, it is 
amazing that they can get them-
selves on the stage. Slay explained, 
"We never con idered playi ng in 
front of people. I had to have my 
rocking chair, and Ben sat down to 
play guitar. r can't play in tru-

ments. I can play the harmonica, 
only because I figured out which 
hole make which sounds. I real-
ized early on that I wanted to ex-
periment withmyvocals - they' re 
more of an instrument. r try to 
make sounds that are unlike regu-
lar singer ',with noi es and effects 
- the little yelp and growl ." 
Afterfouryears of performing, Slay 
ay that they are now comfortable 

as entertainers, and they have fun . 
Lyrically , the Mudd Puppie 

now con -ider how people will re-
act to their ongs. Slay said, "1 
never really considered the mes-
age thing until re eotly. Realiz-

ing you're affecting a whole lot of 
people with what you do affects 
your ongwriting. I ju t want to 
make it honest and with integrity." 

The band i en itive to racial 
i sue, as in the song "Wasp" from 
8·Track Stomp, in which they say 
that the KKK make them sick to 
their stomachs. They have received 
criticism for song that overt ly at-
tack such topic . For example, the 
ong " Mr. horty" recall a race 

riot that Slay and Reynolds wit-
nessedaftera how in Florida. Slay 
said the cri ticism came from the 
line: "Scar-neck ai lor wanna kill 
a black man/ killed him for hi 
color, made the razor sing. Scar-
neck sai lor bleeding on the pave-
ment, throat wide-open, don't need 
another drink:' This led a critic to 
call them "racist." 

Slay aid, "He saw it as us not 
caring that thi guy was killing a 
black guy. [But) it was speaking 
from the standpoint of being in the 
middle of this race riot, and con-
veying that [racism is wide-spread], 
and that you should open your eyes 
to it. I don't want to offend any-
body, but I'm definitely not going 
to change the way I write." 

He continued, '''Wasp' was 
never intended to be about raci m. 
It was a ong well before the last 
verse carne in about the KKK. But 
it seemed appropriate, and it was a 
message that I really wanted to 
cite. I try not to be, but I think 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Monday, April 22, 1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 11 

Ben Reynolds and Brant Slay of the Chickasaw Mudd Puppies 
willopen for The Feelies tonight at 8 p.m. in the Triton Pub. 

everybody's prejudiced in ome 
way. r have a hard time with it 
myself, but I really do my best." 

ot all of the ong are quite 0 
erious, though. There are song 

such a "Cicada" - about the 
insect's life, and the hilarious "Oh 
Yeah"(written by Willie Dixon}, 
which sounds a lot like a contem-
porary version of "Old McDonald 
Had a Fann." 

Di cussing his own musical 
taste, Slay cited arti IS from Lynyrd 
Skynyrd to Ted Nugent. He said, 
"r Ii ten to people like Torn Waits 
and Patti Smith - they have influ-
enced me as much as the blues." 
Drawing upon those influences, 
Slay says their music has evolved 
into a more rock-oriented style. 
He says, "That's not ourstyle com-
pletely, but that ' growing out of 
what we 're doing now. It worked 
well because, on 8-Track Stomp, 
Willie Dixon produced the songs 
that were bluesy and raw, and then 
we used Michael [Stipe] for the 
more rock 'n' roll stuff that we' re 
doing." 

DANIELJ. 
SUWVAN 

Writer, Arts Critic, 
Teacher 
Former los Angeles Times 
Theater Critic 

"DISSENT: A 
CRmC'S VIEW" 

A Student Colloquium 
Thursday, April 25 

. 3:00 p.m. 
UCSD 
Revelle Formal lounge 
(5OU1h side of the building west of 
Revelle Cafeteria) 

Slay ays their strange style 
gives them "total creative free-
dom." He laughe-d, "We' re so 
wacko nobody knows how to mar-
ket us. They can't make New Kids 
On The Block out of us. They 
think we're good enough to be 
marketable, but they don't know 
how to, and so me and Ben are 
totally in control there." 

Despite insistence that they are 
sincere in style, The Mudd Puppies 
have not been able to convince all 
the critics. Slay said, "I realJy 
resent the fact that we get this 
whole attitude about us being pre-
tentious. People say, 'Oh, they 're 
really from abig city, they 'venever 
lived in the South.' [ grew up in 
Georgia - Jesus Christ. We're 
not poor, we're not starving, and 
we're not Torn Sawyer sittin' on 
the Chattahoochee River. We're 
two middle-class kids that grew up 
around a bunch of stuff that most 
people take for granted." The 
MuddPuppiesdeliverashowbased 
on what they have seen and expe-
rienced. And damn, will it be fun. 

UPUmNGGOD 
ON STAGE" 
FROM AESCHYLUS 
TO WOODY ALlEN 

Thursday, April 25 
8:00p.m. 
UCSO 
Peterson Hall 
Room 108 

Spor",C'f d f),; 'I ( 
~ 0""(' ~~ B 'k( If' I ",,, ii 

R ,If , ,"", C'" fr,lj •• 'P" • "I • 
~O" '·h,. "·or"'1 ' 0'" r(;1 )-.!, 1)t'> 

Chang's - So Chic! der, juicy scallops, made up for what the previou dishes 
had lacked. 

darin House, he hopes to el-
evate Chang's Cuis ine to the 
level of fine continental res-
taurants. "1 want it to be a 
place where people C~ln enter-
tain friends and relative from 
Ollt of town." he explained. 

By Hilary Stockton 
Staff Writer 

11011' would you de cribe aChi -
ne e re~taurant? Crowded? oi y? 
Sparwn fumi hing ? Think again 
before pas ing through the pol-
i hed gla s doors of Chang's Cui-
ine of China and coming face to 

face with ho te se dres ed im-
peccably in black and white. 

ly friend and I tried to main-
tain the rune cool composure of 
our hn,te s as we were led past 
decorative bonzai trees, a rotating 
bronze sculpture, and etched glass 
lights to a roomy curved booth. 

Thl! turquoi se and mauve color 
scheme, large plate glass windows 
(unfortu nately , looking out on 
Genesse Avenue traffic), and soft 
jazz music created a modern, so-
phi ti ated look that clashed with 
the tradi tional Chinese menu of-

feri ng~. Wonton oup, Mongolian 
Beef. Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet 
and Sour Pork - few suprises 
here. Nonetheless, theopuleot sur-
roundings and attentive service did 
raise my expectation for the cui-
sine advertised in the name. My 
hope was on ly panJy gratified. 

Suprised by our wai tress' ea-
gerness to recommend di she 
(u ually, my inquirie at Chinese 
re tau rants are met with a hassled 
"all taste good"), I put our entire 
dinner in her hands. For an appe-
tizer. she chose the Crab Lagoon, 

which was paradoxically too 
much and too little: too much 
in term of richness (crab- fla-
vored cream chee e wrapped 
in cri p fried wonton skins), 
and too little in term of price 
( ix piece for $5.95). It was 
an intere ting creamy-crisp 
textural combination, but the 
crab could have been left out, 
since the pungent auces 
masked the delicate flavor. 

TheString Bean Sze huan 
Style arrived next - a gener-
ous portion, but pricey at 
$6.95. It was a suprise to find 
a "vegetable" section on the 
menu in addition to the u ual 
headings .Selections such as 
Vegetable Spring Rolls, Bean 
Curd Spinach Soup, and Mu-
Shu Vegetable with Pancakes 
should be kept in mind for 
vegetarian diners. The string 
beans were perfectly cooked, 
but the "szechuan" seasoning 
was disappointingly mild. A 
dab of the chili garlic paste 
found at most Vietnamese 
restaurants would have added 
the right spicy zest. 

The final two dished -
Honey Chikcen ($8.95) and 
Lemon Scallops Sizzling 
Platter ($ 11.95) - arrived in 
quick succession. Both were 
listed under the "Chan g' 
Choice" heading. 

The chicken, deep fried 
and covered with auce, i best 
when eaten immediately, be-
fore the cri p coating becomes 
soggy. Although ta ty, the 
chicken pieces were small and 
undistinguished. The Lemon 

callop Platter, on the other 
hand , was a distinctive dish, 
both in presentation and taste. 
Our waitress arrived with a 

Alex Klyusner/Guardian 
small serving table, the scal-
lops. and a platter. A he 
cooped the callop and veg-

etables onto the hot planer, 
the sauce izzled, smoke bil-
lowed up, and nearby patron. 
craned their heads to ee what 
we had ordered. Several bites 
of tangy vegetables (carrots, 
broccoli, miniture corn, and 
oyster mu hrooms) and ten-

As we concluded our early 
dinner, eight tables , about half 
the dining room, were being 
served . r \ as suprised that the 
restaurant wasn't bu ier on a 
Friday evening. I'm used to 
the throngs of family and 
friend, exci ted hatter, hu~tle 
of waiter~ ca rryi ng ~izzling 
platter from the · teamy 
ki tchen, and minimali t ur-
r undings which pervade 1110 t 
of the fami ly-run pin es in 
Chinatown. But , then again, 
Chang's is not typi a1. Not 
only doe it have a contempo-
rary look and atmosphere, an 
entirely English menu with 
helpful descriptions, and tea 
and chop ticks (di posable) 
only upon request, it has a 
primarily mature, Caucasian, 
middle-class clien te leJt was 
the first time I felt out-of-pla e 
in a Chine e re tau rant for 
being the on ly hine~e us-
tomerand the only diner under 
20 years old aside fr m my 
friend . 

Jerry hang, owner-man-
agerofboth Chang's ui~ine 
of China loc<tlions (La Mesa 
and La 101la) is aware and 
proud of the differences be-
tween maller, fami ly-run. 
family -oriented es tabli s h-
ments and hi s own restaurant. 

The fonmer owner of Man-

Short of planting a garden 
outside the windows to screen 
the traffic, Chang'~ uisme 
has created a plu~h, if lightly 
pretent iou~, en ironment. 
Server~ are attentive, and ser-

ice i prompt, if anything. to 
exce s. The r;Jpid succession 
orhot dishes made a quick end 
to the dinner. whereas ome 
pause between courses would 
have provided a more leisurely 
meal more in keeping wi th the 
relaxed 3tmosphere. The tra-
ditional menu selections vary 
in quality, but fresh seafood 
seems a good beL 

The end to the meal, like 
the paper-wrapped chopsticks 
we requested in lieu of the art-
deco silverware. was on a 
comical note: plastic wrapped 
fortune coo"-ies on a plasti 
tray (3nd yes, white take out 
boxes, neat I) concealed in a 
paper bag). Some t h i ng~ never 
change. 

What: Chang 's Cuisine 
Where: 8670 Genesse 

Ave. , Coste Verde 
Hours: Sun-Thurs 12 -10 

p.m. Fri-Sat 12-11 
p.m. 

Phone: 558-2288 

Go For the Food, Stay for the Sound 
By Lara Heisler Barry Farrar on Drums makes 
AssociateA&E Editor dining at Chang's worthy of 

A restaurant tbat is con- an entire eveni ng ' s alten tion. 
cemed with atmosphere must Due to the quality of the per-
have good music. Chang's fonnance, it is easy to forget 
Cuisine has recently added to that you are in a restaurant, 
it's impressive ambiance by and enjoy yourself as though 
complimenting its food and you were in a beauriful jazz 
decor witb the sounds of cLub (with the obvious ad-
Alfredo Cardim's Continen- vantage of won tons and the 
tal Jazz Trio. like at your disposal). 

The welcome addition of The Brazilian musican 
Alfredo Cardim on piano, Cardim, a graduate of the 
Hank Dobbs on bass, and . Berklee School of Music who 

has recorded albums in Brazil sures, "Weare diverse in what 
and Japan promises, " A lot of we play, our sound is very 
people seem to really like the different. While we could be 
music we play.h 's not 'dinner compared to a Bill Evan ' 
music' per se, or 'background ound, we al so mi x a lot of 
music,' - even though the Brazilian music, jazz, and 
music isn't loud, and you can bassanova." 
sit and talk and enjoy your If you enjoy jazz, grab a 
dinner while you listen, our barstool or a booth at Chang's. 
music is very much alive." The trio performs eve ry 

The trio perfonns recog- weekend at 7 p.m ., with 
nizable standards such as Cardim performin g solo at 
"Misty," and "The Way We lunchtime,andinthe evenings 
Were," but bassist Dobbs as- during the week. 

UCSD Bookstore Gets EarthWise 
SAN DIEGO, CA - The UCSD Book-
store helps the UCSD campus get one 
step closer to achieving an environmen-
tally sound workplace with the introduc-
tion of Esselte EanhWise TM. 

EanhWise is the fIrSt complete fil-
ing supplies system with paper manufac-
tw-ed from 100% recycled fibers. Most 
importantly, EarthWise Filing Supplies 
contain a minimum of 10% post-con-
sumer material, best addressing today's 
recycling concerns. The line also fea-
turesa unique, multilayered construction 
that delivers performance equal to thaLOf 
standard grade filing supplies. 

EarthWise recycled filing products. As goodfor the environment as they 
are for your files . 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

Earth Wise will also be marketed to 
environmentally-conscious. businesses, 
retailers, consumers and government 
agencies. 

from all Esselte products," according to 
Theodore Kachel, president of Esseite 
Pendaflex Corporation. 

UCSD Bookstore will carry hang-
ing file folders, standard file folders and 
expanding file pockets. These products 
are available in five earth-tone hues. 
Come in and see for yourself how the 
UCSD Bookstore is getting EarthWise. 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 56&6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across fTom Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

"Earth Wise provides consumers 
with an environmentally sound choice in 
ming supplies that offers the same high 
quality slandards they've come to expect 

available at: 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
§b.;~-=-iii=4~: SUPPLIES DEAl. 
_ 534·3786 

LU SO 
I Ie 1111 ' II II ' I 



, ., 

EJ 2TJI 

llFEATURES 

kmk~· YOUIILLlUS COULD. 
the copy center PIO.IIULI S$$ If you have a major illnes , you could mate a valuable 

contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$$. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis 
• Mononucleosis 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 
• Se vere Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 
• Lyme Disease 

$50 
.... 

.... 

Padflc Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

• Cloning Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized to the Rh Factor 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

for _t Inror_IIen, pItut conlKt 

MD WOOIGIIIS 
226·1733 

Attention graduating seniors ... 
there's only one thing 
left to do ... 

~ Allied Health ~ Professionals" Administrators 
.. Dis over a h~lIenging ~ future with opportunities to 

advan e. rve your country 
while you serv your ar r with : 
• great pay and b nefits 
• normal working h ur 
• com pi t m di cal and dental 

care 
• 30 days vacation with pay per 

year 
Find out h w to qualify as an ir 
Force professi nal. Call 

USAF HEALTH PROFESSIONS 
TOLL-FREE 1-800-423-USAF 

Thursdays 
i. 

UCSD NITE 
G• , at la S 

Party on our patio 

$250 Pitchers 
$ 500 12" Pizzas 

w lone topping 
ICUII hoot UCSD ID 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 

The UCSD Guardian 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

LSAT 
GMAT 

GRE 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

CLASSES BEGIN MAY 4 (619) 695-9952 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

ART 
Continued from page 8 
board. They would basically draw 
grafini, also on the walls just to 
pass the time away. 1bey would 
draw there names, their gangs 
names or images of women, a 
hotsy-totsy woman. That is where 
I got the cardboard. ( like the tem-
porary look of it. Also ... it's the 
only materiaJ I had, like thecholos," 
Arguelles explained. 

Like Spitler, Arguelles' work 
goes against the grain of tradi-
tionaJ techniques. Students are 
taught to use unconventional meth-
ods in the creation of their art. 1be 
VA department stresses a concep-
tual approach to art-making with 
linle or no emphasis on technique. 
Most students like the department 's 
philosophy, though some wouldn't 
mind if a few more techniques and 
skills were taught. 

" I wonder 
sometimes what 
people feel about 
art majors. I think 
people feel like it 
isn't a legitimate 

major. 
" JOHN HART 

VA Major 
"I do like the conceptual ap-

proach [which] doesn ' t look at art 
as something togo with yourcouch. 
I think it's great. This is more de-
signed for the art world," Hart ex-
plained. 

Most UCSD students' insight 
into the V A major consists of no-
ticing the large cardboard sculp-
tures periodically placed around 
campus. However, an entire net-
work of venues does exist to show-
case artist's work. One such outlet 
is the Annex Gallery, which fea-
tures the work of graduate and 
undergraduate students in the vi-
sual arts. Students also show their 
work in other places around cam-
pus, such as the Grove Caffe and 
Espresso Roma. 

This is the first in a two part 
series on student artists at UCSD. 

Read the 
Guardian 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

SPORTS NOTES 
- -

\ .'" .' f t > '. I , • \ 

At the beginning of the season, 
with only a few returning players, the 
UCSD women'. lacrosse team felt it 
had to prove itself. Last week, that 
goal was achieved as UCSD was 
named the Most Improved Team by 
the Southwestern Women 's Lacrosse 
Conference (SWWLC) coaches. The 
Tritof'ls (8-1) celebrated by downing 
Claremont 10-0 and Arizona 9-8 in 
the SWWLC finals this past week- Paul Norquist/Guardian 
end. Sharon Leibowitz 

UCSD now advances to next 
weekend's Western Women's Lacrosse League Final Four at UC 
Santa Barbara where it will face Stanford. "I'm really impressed 
with what we've done this year," Head Coach Matt Holman said. 
"We've come together and are winning games." 

In addition to being named Most Improved Team, several 
Tritons received individual honors from the coaches. Gretchen 
Rubel and Deekla Marshall were named first-team All-Stars, while 
Monlque Mikrut, Nancy Reagan, Sharon leibowitz, and Michelle 
Reiss received second-team honors. 

• 
For the third straight year, theUCSD 

men'. lacrosse team has failed to ad-
vance past the second round of the 
West Coast Lacrosse League Play-
offs. The Tritons were eliminated by 
Whittier in a 28-1 I loss Sunday after-
noon. UCSD rolled over Arizona 
State 21-8 in the first round Saturday. 

Despite the loss, UCSD Coach Bob 
McLeod wa not disappointed. 
"We've been inconsistent all year, 
but this weekend we played as hard 
and as well as we could," Mcleod 

Rlmas UzglrlslGuardian 
Ed Cheng 

said. "Our seniors played excellent." 
In Saturday's victory over ASU, senior Juan Milian scored five 

goals and dished off two assists, while seniors Sven Haynie and 
Warren Beales each tallied four goals. Millan led the way Sunday 
with five goaJs, while Haynie added four. 

On a more positive note, five Tritons received league honors. 
Millan, Haynie, and goalie Tony Prestigiacomo were named AII-
WCLL, with Millan fullher honored as an USILA All-Star. Chris 
Hodge and Ezra Felker received WCLL honorable mention. 

GOLF 
Continued from page 20 
ing in a two-stroke penalty]." 

UCSD's number-one man 
Devin Thomas - who won med- , 
aJist honors with an eight-over-par 
78 - was one of two Tritons who 
scored a quadruple-bogey eight on 
the 18th and was so frustrated with 
himself that he threw his shoe at 
the team van after the end of the 
match. 

"I told the guys that they 
couldn't throw their clubs at a nice 
country club like this,"Wydra said. 
"So, since Devin couldn't throw 
any of his clubs, I guess [his shoe] 
was the next best thing." 

Bob Warrington placed second 
for the Tritons with a 79, followed 
by Dale Abraham, Bob Knee and 
Bob Meyerson, and-Matt Stottern 
who shot 80, 81, 81, and 87, re-

- Compiled by Doug Shaddle 

spectively. 
Knee, Meyerson, and Stottem 

also didn't distinguish themselves 
on the 18th, as Knee scored the 
Tritons' second"quad"on the hole 
while Meyerson and Stottem both 
limped home with triple-bogey 
sevens. 

"The van ride to the restaurant 
[after the match] was the quietest 
I've had in the years I've been a 
coach here," Wydra said. "That 
showed how angry the guys were 
with the way they butchered that 
last hole." 

Aside from the Tritons ' woeful 
last-hole perfonnance, Wydra was 
pleased with the way they handled 
a relatively difficult layout. 

"It's a very tight, rolling course 
with very fast greens," he said. "If 
it wasn't for that last hole, we were 
on our way to having a very good 
day." 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 J 
~~~~- Call lor details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Not a telT'llOrary water losS ' heduce cellulite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct.I204 
_~~ .... 455-0909 Expires 5122191 

The UCSD Guardian 

Price Center Plaza 
April 22 - 24 

10 AM - 3 PM 
$30 Deposit Required 

SPORTS 13 

There's nothi ng like Legend and 
Lady Legend! The mOSI unique 

college rings ever designed-
only available from ArtCarved. 
This popular professional look 

offers more ways 10 person-
IID~..... alize your college ring . 

Don 'l delay- visit your 
ArtCarved repre en-

tative during thi 
special sales event 
10 ee Legend and 
the many other 
styles available. 

II RTCA RVEJ2 
LJL~n 
I . 1 )I II ' • I ( I' 'I UCSD BOOKSTORE 

GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 7106 
OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Order Your Personalized 
Graduation Announcements 

Today! 
i 
I 

; 
r ; 
r 

Look for details in your bookstore 

AVAILABLE NOW 
UCSD BOOKSTORE 
Gifts & Clothing 534·7106 
Open Mon·f'rl 8 • 6 and Sat 10 • 4 

I JI .,1 I 
I ~ fllli ', I'If : 1 

Your Name 
Your Degree 
Your Major 

'/'(1, 't{Clt/on 

.0 



• I 

14 SPORTS 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 20 
And he' still throwing harder than 
95 percent of today 's pitchers. 

Hey, let's face it: What Ryan 
has done in his three major league 
eason since he reached the age of 

40 is more Ihan most player have 
done in their entire career. 

You want statistics? Record ? I 
haven ' I got the time, or the space. 
But let's just say that Ryan's ca-
reer strikeout record, wh ich he adds 
to in bunches every time he take 
the hill, will probably la t longer 
than the ozone layer. 

Granted. Ryan will probably 
never be involved in a mat hup 
reaching the proportions of a 
Holyfield-Foreman. or any heavy-

weight boxing title fight, for that 
matter. Ryan will probably never 
receive as much media attention in 
a one-week time span as either 
Holyfield or Foreman did last week. 
And as long as he continues to 
pitch for sub-par teams, Ryan may 
neverliveouteverymajorleaguer's 
dream: to play in the World Series. 

At 43 year of age and pitching 
for the Rangers - a team at least 
two years away from contention in 
the tough AL West - a World 
Series opportunity is not on the 
horizon. But it doesn't really mat-
ter. When all is said and done -
probably omewhere around the 
age of 50 - only Walter Johnson 
and Cy Young will remain in his 
company. 

Maybe. 

The UCSD Guardian 

TRACK 
Continued from page 20 
said. "It's a really competitive, 
large meet. The reason we have 
people go is so when they get to 
nationals they shouldn't be in awe 
of anyone." 

Maybe someone hould be in 
awe of the women' 4 x 400 meter 
relay team. The Triton tearn not 
only took first in its heat at the 
Pomona-Pitzer [nvite on Friday, 
but also ran its faste t time of the 
year to break the school record. 

Yvette Marzullo, Vicki Dunck-
ley, Diane Keller, and Jennifer 
Jagielski blew away the old chool 
record of 4:04 while slicing six 
seconds off their best time of the 
year, coming in at 4:00.85. "They 

ran really well, especially ince it 
was late in the day," Stanforth said. 

Stanforth also noted that three 
of the four ran personal bests on 
their leg of the relay. He said he 
had never before considered at-
tempting 10 qualify the relay team 
for the national meet, but in light 
of Friday's perfonnance, that could 
change. "They have to run two 
seconds faster (to q uali fy 1," he said. 

Other highlights of the meet for 
the Tritons included Michelle 
Milledge's first-place finish in the 
100 meters (12.74) and second-
place finish in the 200 meters 
(26.69). UCSD also dominated the 
400 meter hurdles with Vicki 
Duncldey taking first in 66.25 and 
teammate Diane Keller second in 
66.76. 

. American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program 

Monday, April 22,1991 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 20 
ers picked up a quick run in the 
first, and VCSD countered with 
two in the second and a third run in 
the fifth . 

VCR, however, tied the game at 
three with two runs in the sixth. 

With daylight fading at the start 
of the 10th inning, the umpires 
invoked the international tiebreaker 
rule which automatically starts a 
runner at econd base at the begin-
ning of each half inning. 

UCSD's Kathy Fogg took sec-
ond in the bottom of the tenth, 
advanced to third on a sacrifice 
bunt by Lynne Moreno, and then 
cored the winning run on a wild 

pitch . 

Now students can get the Card 48 contiguou state . And you can fly almost anytime- because there are no blackout dates. But you must make your reservations 
within 14 day of the day you leave. And the maximum stay is and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 

Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 
There' only one way to cover a lot of territory without spending 
a lot of money. And that' by getting the American Express· Card. 
It' the only card that offers an exciting new travel program 
exclusively for students- including three roundtrip certificates on 
Continental Airlines. 

Just look at the map and pick the place you'd like 
to visit. If it's on your side of the Mississippi River, you 
can use a certificate to fly for only $129 roundtrip. Or, 
you can cross the Mi i ippi for $189 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more than 150 cities in the 

7 days/6 night and must include a Saturday night. 
In addition to this great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 

the benefits of Card membership as well as other exclusive student 
privileges. They include a quarterly magazine filled with informa· 
tive articles on summer jobs, careers, campus life. Plus valuable 
discounts from leading retailers. 

But remember, there's only one way to get all this- and that's 
by gett ing the American Express Carel. Just call us (have your bank 

address and account number on hand). What's more, 
with our special student offer, it's easier to get the 
Card now while you're still in school than it may 
ever be again. 

So get the Card. And get ready to cover new 
territory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 

CAllA l-BOO-942-AMEX 
.,,___ I/you 're (J/rt'Ody (J C(Jrdmember, tberes no need to c(JlI. In/orm(J/ion about your cflrttjicatfls IIItII be arriving soon. 

CompIeI •• ., .... nd <Ond111onJ 01 .h~ .n~1 .,., " III . ", .. " .. h your (<fI,Ia ... eonn .. ntll A,rlinn.Jon. II _,bI< f« 'u"" ...... 01 .hlt 01., Amtrk.n bpmo .... _ no IlabIlh, f« ContI .... 11 -"til ... • porfomunct C I99l A_lean r. .... Trnol -... _ c.......,. Inc. 

Monday, April 22, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 15 

UCSD BOOKSTORE SOME DOUBLE DEALS TAKE A LITTLE OFF THE TOP. SPECIAL OFFER DOMI 0 ' DO BLE DEA KIMP O T PPIN 

NeXT STATION 
ITS TIME FOR DOMINO'S P[ZZA~ 

:.:. :!cV:::.':.'f: '::I::rr 4CASL2L UUS!CSD Hours: 
, ....... lad for only $1.49 - 11 am-J am Su.n.-Thurs. 
when 'OU order M, pIzu. 3211 Holiday Ct. 11 am-2 am Fn. & Sat. 

--------- ---------. 200MB HD 8MB RAM $9~? $4~?: MONOCHROME DISPLAY 
I II ........... I 
I til,. • I I II I 

ONLY $3995! 
UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429., 
OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM· 4 PM 

OFFER EXPIRES APRil 31 

I TWO MEDIUM I LUNCH SPECIAL I 
I TWO TOPPING PIZZAS I OnemediumORlGlNALcheesepizza with one I I Two MEDfUM Domino·sORIGINAL cheEse pizzas. lopping of your choice for ONLY$4.99, plus tax. I I EACH with 2 toppings of your choice for ONLY $9.99. I Additional toppings only 51 .00 each. Good from 11 I 

Illus tax. Offer gOOd on Delivery and Canyout. I am·3 pm only. Offer good on Delivery and Carryout.1 I JUST ASK! Expires 4128/91 . JUST ASK! I YII/J I UmI.od Urn.oH... I 
:e_",:;::..:~oo. Call Us! III NliholldwillanyDlhlloll... Call US' III I o..._"""l*\IIZodlot_ 452 UCSD Our_cor,., ... IhInSZO.OO. ' 
-- ' : I =-... ""pwlzodlot ... 452-UCSD : I 

,,--, /, • 
I ~~ ~'\O \ ~ .,t •.• t' / Enter PrizeFest. 
'-_/ It's quite possibly the lTIOst colossal 

sweepstakes in the history of academia, 
(As far as we know.) 

'i r tUl1 brand new. 1991 Nissan' NX 1600- ~ 5 Honda EI~e ~ 50E scooters 
ijm1Mtl1 set of 4 passes to Club Med", Cancun" ~ 2 Backroads Bicycle Touring'trips" for 2 A 4 Specialized' mountain bikes 

.25 Sony' Discman' systems I_~ 11 Nordstrom gift certifICate E::;=-J)~ 1 Bic' windsurfer board 
(,: ! = 2 Apple' LaserWriter' LS printers • 2 Apple Macintosh' LC 2140 color systems 

·m .. 

This is big. Really big. 
With 44 winners and more than 546,000 in prizes in 

Southern California. Prize Fest might well be a historic 
event. Even so, it's surprisingly simple to win. Just stop imo 

your campus computer reseller and ml out an Easy Entry Form. 
While there, take a look at the perfect computer for students and 

faculty alike-the Apple ~racintosh LC 2/40 computer. 
It's the MaS! affordable color ~racinlosh ever. More good 
news: You can now buy an Apple Macintosh computer every 
two years! So if you purchased one in 1989 and you'rt: ready to 
upgrade, go right ahead. Enter Prize Fest. And enter today. With a 
little luck, you could come away with something that"s fe:J.lly something. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE I I. ·,,1 1 I " " , 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 
OPEN: MON - FA. BAM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 F!M 

Check out the low cost of the Macintosh LC 2/40 color system!' 
--. ___ . ......... ..--. c.-__ ..,. NO_OIICf_. ___ "' • ..... ....,e...,_ .. ... __ ...... __ 
_____ ._""""-... _.~_ - ... ~ . ... ,. ... - ........ _ .... --~ .......... _-..... c:oo.._ . .... 



.\ 

16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Graduating? Only 53 days till you wear 
that funny gown. Parents coming? Don't 
8IIen think of another hotel till you call the 
La Jolla CoYe Motel. 170 Beautiful rooms. 
wild nlght·llfe of Prospect St. In your 
backyard. world class beauty of "the Cove· 
oul your front balcony. Expensive? Not. 
$44.00 UCSD special. Obviously these 
rooms will go fast. It's not too earty. call 
459-262' or tol/ free (800) 248·COVE. (41 
8-4129) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Get Involved at Revelle . Revelle 
Committee Applications are available at 
the Revelle Provost Office: due Friday. 
AprIl 26'th. (411' -4/25) 

It's close and convenient and next to the 
Grove. It has gifts. jewelry. and ethnic 
clothes. For those birthdays. anniversaries. 
and special extras. come to the Grove 
Gallery Store and experience a cultural 
spectrum. (4115·4125) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments, The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others, Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
/0 The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information ca/l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, £Ololla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

YES Concert tickets. Oon't miss this gnaat 
show. E~cellent Seats, In the round. /'oJ 
457· t3'9. (4122) 

Math tutoring, for qualified help in a wide 
variety of topics, call James 483· 7816. (41 
'5·516) 

Attention Foreign Students - Students 
want your cars, furniture, computers, etc. 
(714) 846·9152, Any languages. Mike. (41 
15-4125) 

ENTERING THE BUSINESS WORLD? WORD PROCESSING: Papers, reports, 
Here's an opponunlty for UCSD Grads to dissertations, manuscripts. Laser. Lowest 
assure your succes. ln business, sales . Ratesl Lu 234-5433.(4118·5/13) 

International House Is a great cross· 
cultural living opportunity I Applications 
available at Pep)J'Jr Canyon & I.Center 
(Jrs, Srs, Grads). Due April 22. Call 534· 
226' with questions.(4118-4122) 
/t·s coming ... UCSD Bookstore - May 
sale May 1·4. 20"1. off general books; 
technical books 200;. oH clothing and 
Insignia items; office and art supplies plus 
sale tables with further mar1<downsl (4122) 

A.S. internship deadlines April 2tSth for 
summer and fall opportunltiesl Need Info? 
Call 534-4689 Nowl (41'8-4125) 
Get Involved at Third College. Run for 
third College Student Council. Positions 
open: Studenl-at-Iarge (2), Director of 
Finance, Director of Programming, 
Director of Communications, and Junior 
Senator. Deadline to apply Is May 3rd. 
Information Session on April 30th, 6:00 
p.m .• at Oceanvlew Lounge. Apply at Third 
College Dean's office. (4122-512) 

.. and life I Bob Iafrate SemInar 
Wednesday, Aprll24at6 p.m. sharpatthe 
Mamot in Mission Valley. $55.00 at the 
door, $45.00 if you call 447-4716 now 
In_t In your Mure. Get ahead of the 
pack. (4122) 

SERVICES 
Olga ~ Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hIIrs per hour, 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
Oiacounts, 558-46441226-1962. (4/1-6.'6) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wall Xero~es 
and mona. Near St. Germains. 452·9949. 
('122-616) 
DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORK-
SHOPS. For Information call Post 
Graduate Group, 985·0426. (411 ·616) 
Surfers- Broken tins? Snapped boards? 
Numerous dings? Call Thomas for 
professional & timely surtboard repairl 
560-9053. (4111·4122) 

l-.Ouud TabJe PizZa 
FREE DELIVERY 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
•••••••••••••••••••• 400 CCllJPCN EXPIRfS 6/lOf91 
: Large Fabulous 5 : 
• A thin crust pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, • 
• oli'.es, peppers and onions. $1199 • 
• 

Offe, .. lid on O1n&-1n. Carry-Out 0' 001"",1)'. pillS tAX • 
Not valid With any other offer 01 discount. 

• PRlCECENTER/BUtL'S£YETAVERN • 
457·2060 W~ RoundTablePtzza. L •••••••••••••••••• ~ 

.-401 COUPCIN EXPIRES 61lO/91 'I 
• Purchase an $8.99 Medium Thin Crust • 
• Pepperoni and purchase the next one for ONLY • 

: or any sln;~;;~M THIN CRUST $ 00 : 
• 

Offe' valid on Oln&-ln. CafT)'Oot or Oolivel)'. 4 plus tRx • 
Not veli(! WItf'1 any otner oHer or "'$Count. 

• 457 2060 PIuCECENTER/BULL'S EYE TAVERN • • ~~RoundTablePizza . 
•••••••••••••••••••• 
• 402 COUPCIN EXPIRES 61lO/ 91 • 
• Purchase a $10.99 Large Thin Crust Pepperoni • 
• and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
• OranYSlngleURGE THIN CRUST $600 • 
• Offer valid on Orn&-ln. CafT)'Oot or OoINeI)'. plus t4." • 
• Not valid wlt/l any olller orler or discount. PRICE CENTER/BUU'S EYE T,o,VERN • 

• 457·2060 ~(lJJRoundTablePi;.za . • 
p ••••••••••••••••••• 
• 403 CCllJPCN EXPIRES 6/lO/91 • 

• $200 OFF • 
• • 
• LARGE THICK OR THIN CRUST • 
• Offer vllid on Olf\04n, ClfT)'Oot or 08lovery. • 
• Not valid willi any O1her oner or discount, PRICE CENTER/BULL'S EYE TAveRN • 

• 457.2060 (;[iJJ RoundTable Pizza. • 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

Dissertation services : accom·pllshed 
writer can help you organize, write, edit. 
Reasonable, fast. Tracy Deliman 673-
4330,(41'8-4/29) 
Catering : Indonesian Food. Will deliver. 
Quality food. Meals include rice + 3 variety 
dishes. S6.00/person. 581 ·2249. (4122-41 
25) 

s.v. Your Sldn. Experience great skin 
cane trw. Enjoy this summer's sun Iooklng 
and feeling your best. No hype - no 
business come on. A well spent hour. Call 
552-0254. (4122) 

Writing tutor, 5 years U.C. experience 
working with all levelslassignments. 
Reasonabkt rates. Steve 942·7835. (41 
22·519) 
SUMMER IN EUROPE FROM $343 each 
way on discounted scheduled airlines to 
Europe from San Diego. Call (800) 325-
2222. (4122·4125) 
Word Processing Services: Papers, 
Reports, Resumes, Thesis. Call 566-9096. 
(4122-4125) 
Former professor (Ph.D.) will edit your 
papers for grammar, style, and strudure. 
Dr. Barre' - 738·8090. (4122-4125) 
RESUMES WRIITEN byprotess. 20%oH 
grad. stud. LASER - P .B. Writing Service 
488·0625. (4122·512) 
ENTERING THE BUSINESS WORLD? 
Here's an opportunity for UCSD Grads to 
assure your succeaa in business, sales . 
. . and lifel Bob Iafrate SemInar 
Wednesday, April 24 at 6 p.m. aharp atlhe 
Marriot In Mission Valley. $55.00 at the 
door, $45.00 it you call 447-4716 now 
In_t In your future. Get ahead of the 
pack. (4122) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word Processing ¥lith editing 
for reports, manuscripts, resumes, 
dissertations and letters. Student Rates. 
Modem. Laser printer. 9·7 Mon. - Fri. 
Weekend appointments, 753·5964. 1521 
Summit Ave., CardiH, (4122) 

WANTED 
WANTED : Volunteer and Internship 
positions available Immediately in the 
UCSD public relationslmedia relations 
office. Administrative assistance and 
special projects in a busy, exciting office 
setting. Rexlble hours. Call Huda 534-
3121 . (4115-4125) 

Need c.h?We dellvwlDomIno'.PIzZII 
Is now hiring for all positions. Management 
opportunitieaavallable.Complle1etrainlng 
J)(ogram, " you are 18 years old, have a 
valid drivers licenN, auto Insuranoe, an 
excellent driving record, and access to a 
car, you can: Earn up to $101 hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom of being on the 
road, workflexible hours. APPl YTODAYI 
Oomino's Pizza UCSD 321' Holiday Ct. 
452-UCSO, Please apply after 3 p.m. (11 
,Q..6I6) 

Tined of low wages and long hours? 00 
you want to earn more? (6' 9) 758-4602. 
(214-4125) 
I need 200 people desiring wealth without 
the corporate rat r_. Call 271-4940 for 
Information. 271-4940 (2fT -512) 

ALASKA SUMMER ElFLOYMENT-
fisheries. Earn $5,OOO+lmonth. Free 
transportation I Room and Board I Over 
8.000 openings. Noexperience necessary. 
Male or F.mal.. For 68·page 
employment manual, send $8.95 to MAL 

~h,Box&4008,Seattle,WA98124 
- 100"10 moneyback guaranlee.(414-41 
29) 

ASTHMA subjects needed for various 
studies. /I you have mild to Intermediate 
asthma. Intermittent asthma, a history of 
asthma. or e~erclS8-lnduoed asthma, are 
male and over the age 01 18, you may 
qualify for _arch being conducted at 
the /'oJiergy and Asthma MedIcal Group A 
Research Center. Qualified subjects will 
be compensated for their time. Please call 
Launan at 292·1144.(4111-4122) 

INTERESTED IN $1000 EXTRA PER 
WEEKlorstuffingenvelopes?SendSASE 
to T and W Publishing, P.O, Box 654, 
CorvalliS, OR 97339.(4111-4122) 

WANTED-Native Engli$h speakers ages 
22-60 as subjects In psychology -
memory experiment. Quick, easy way to 
earn $'0 (In less than an hour). On campus. 
appointments at your convenience. Call 
Laura - 450-1291 or 450-9279. (4115-41 
25) 
NOW HIRING qualified drivers, telephone 
operators and kitchen help, for Southern 
California's fastest growing franchise. In 
search of ambitious, success oriented, 
team members. Great opportunity. 457· 
8646. (4115-4125) 
We need two people to serve A tend bar at 
a wedding. Saturday 4127, 4-9 p.m. $51 
HR. Call SilviolCindy 587,7943.(4118-41 
25) 

WANTED-ROLLERBLADES.Notusing 
yours? I'm looking for women's 6 or so. 
Call 558-7087. (4122-4125)) 
Wanted: Subjects from Boston needed for 
music perception e~perlmenl No music 
e~perience necessary. $'Othr, Call 558-
1385. (4/22-4/29) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $8.00 state cart. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
8-cyl. $39.99 

• Oil, lube, niter '14.11" 
• ~c Service '11.19-

• COOlant SeMce .111 ... • 
• TransmisSion Service '24.11-
• Brake Special (1 axle) .... 11· 

• moot .... 

caD Auto Care 
OPIN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

eeeo MIr8nw Rd., IUIta C , ......... ...,.." 
......... CAB2122. (119) III 2438 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

We pay CASH Ii for used Levl's501's. Call 
792·3633. (4122) 
liuitarist wanted for original band. Punk a 
la minutemen, Husker Du. Experienced, 
creaM. Walter 456-9668. (4122) 
Warm hearted, caring and engaging 
chlldcare assistant needed for 2 smaU 
children. 10 flexible hours per week. Only 
applicants with early childcare experience 
and excellent references need respond. 
Please call Rob Hillman at 546-8300, (~ 
22) 

Males needed. Photo editor (national 
magazine) needs students: 'Southem 
California Collegiate· spread. Mr. Ross 
967·58&4. (4122-4125) 

Patient. loving, person needed for part 
time day care and tutoring. Good pay and 
great worIdng conditions. Wall behaved 
Idds age 1 0 and, 2. Del Mar area. Call Day 
530-2212, Eve 481-5045. (4122) 

Models opportunity, e~perienc8d or not, 
fashion, photo. video, sport. Call at once, 
Immediate placement. 284·5095. (4/22) 

FOR SALE 
Futons and special frames, best price and 
quality, 10 Frame styles, '00 Futon 
inventory, 226-1398.(414-4129) 

Cute, cuddly puppies for sale. 314 
Labrador, 114 Cocker-Spaniel $25.00. 
Available now. Call 268·9732. (418-4122) 

FUTONS. 6· Full $60. 6· Queen $65. 8· 
Full $70, 8· aueen $75. Free bedsheel 
with any futonlframe purchase. Roth's at 
4242 EI Cajon Blvd. For stone hours call 
280-3248.(4111-4122) 

Binoculars. 9x25. New, pocket size, light 
weight, rubberized. Perfect for 
backpacldngltrips with limited space. With 
case. $75. 944-1050. (4115-4122) 

ProGym hydraulic workout machine that 
converts into rowing machine, Good 
Condition. $5OIO.B.O. Susan 554-0911 . 
(4115-4122) 

Set of 41980 Supra alloy wheels and tires. 
/'oJ1 for $100. Call 548·0450. (4115-4122) 

Want to logon to school computers from 
home without the expense of buying a 
computer? Buy my used terminal and 
modem. 111 help you get s"'ad. $2951 
O.B.O. Todd 792·5482. (4115-4122) 

8088 XT TURBO wI printer 2 floppy 5 112 
A 3 1/4, monochrome screen $600 
negotiable 581·0740. (4/15,4122) 

Schwinn Mountain Bike, 28 inl10spd, 
Shlmano Components. Great Condition. 
(Tall People) $190 obo. All 587-8980.(4/ 
18-4/22) 
Mountain Bike, Bianchi Incline, 21·, 
Shimano LX, one month old. $300. 452-
1879.(41'8-4125) 

Cheap Car. 1976 Honda Civic 5 spd, 
Sunroof, Stereo, Xlnt Interior. $575 obo. 
558·' 070.(4118-4122) 

KA YPRO 2000 LAPTOP, two 3.5· drives, 
5.25·drlve, modem,battery, TANDY DMP· 
200 PRINTER $350. 454-6431.(4118-4/ 
22) 

'982 SUZUKI GL125. Runs great. New 
tires. Serviced. 4700 miles. Parking permit. 
$450 Tobin 457·2890.(41'8-4/29) 

$850 Toyota Celica 19n, 5 speed, hatch· 
back, 109,000 miles. looks decent. runs 
well. Call Marc 431·3702.(4118-4122) 

TOSHIBA Tl000 LAPTOP COMPUTER, 
3.5· drive, modem, Ughtweight (6 pounds), 
software, $350. 454·643' .(4118,4122) 

Monday, April 22, 1991 

Springsuit Woman's SmalVOorm·slze 
friclge(4.5cft)lSchwinn woman's bikel$5O 
each. Mssg. 452-8230,(4118-4122) 
Brand New BOSE AM-5 speakers paid 
$750, make an oHer. 270-8918.(4118-41 
25) 

'74 Plymouth Duster. Powerful engine, 
great transportation. You need a car, I 
need rent. Come see and make an offer. 
587-82'2. (4122) 
King size bed: Fair to good condition. 
$75.00 O.B,O. 586-7324. (4122) 

'82 Olds Omega, 108K, mint interior, 
loaded,$16000.B.0 ., 558-7631 . (4122·41 
25) 

Bankruptcy Sale: 1964 Classic Bug (runs 
great), new refrigerator, twin futon frame 
and matress, fulVqueen pine headboard 
with full size comfoner set, used recliner, 
::! TV stands, oak wall unit, 3 drawer desk. 
Low prices. Call Steve 660-0935 or Me~ssa 
273-4049 (evenings). Leave message. (41 
22) 

Phone - Brand new AT&T trim line. 12. 
memory, mute, redial, $35 (reg. $55) 558· 
1567. Ask for Shane. (4122) 
ATARI MEGA2, color monitor, 2mb RAM, 
printer, desk, software, extras. /'oJi/part 
$1200 O.B.O. 587-0567. (4122·4125) 
DENON top-of·the·line pullout CDlTuner. 
Ust $750, asking $375 O.B.O. Dave 748· 
8664. (4122-4125) 

Guitar: Fender Squire Strat, blk wi 
rosewood neck, hardshell case, squire 15 
amp. $250. 558·208'. (4122-4125) 

1979 Toyota Celica - AlC, sunroof, PIS, 
PB. It's ugly but runs greatl $950. 944-
5741 Brian. (4122·4125) 

Toyota Supra '79, sunroof, AC, prw, PIS, 
PIB, stick, clean, service records, 
dependable 434·2204. $2'00. (4122) 

No gas? Mountain bike good condition, 
$80.00. Ten speed $40.00 O.B.O. Call 
453-7033. (4122) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUO HOMES 
available from government $1 without 
credit check. You repair . Also ta~ 
delinquent foreclosures CALL' -800-682-
7555 EXT H-I443 for repo list your area. 
(4122) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks. 4 wheelers, TV's 
stereos furniture. computers by DEA, FBI, 
IRS and US customs. Available your area 
now. Call 1·805·682-7555 E~t. C·1199. 
(4122) 

HOUSING 
Want to make money while you are out of 
town this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at Seltzer 
Caplan Wilkins and McMahon In San 
Diego. Please call Maria Macias at 294-
280', extension' 35 forfurther information, 
(41Hil3) 
Female roommates wanted: Own noom 
available in 2 story, 4 bedroom Mira Mesa 
house May 1. $3501month + ',4 utilities. 
Non·smoker, no drugs, and no pets. 27'· 
8349, (418-4129) 

La Jolla: all amenities imaginalble: piano, 
pool, nice patio ... great room, female, 
grad/med, call 597·0250. (4/8-4122) 

For RENT: 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath condo 
with fireplaca. Mira Mesa. $85OImo. Sylvia 
483·0047. (4/ '5-4129) 

UNIVERSITY CITY 5250 Female to share 
nice 3 bednoom house (own room). Patio, 
piano, fireplace, washer/dryer . No 
smokers. pets, drugs. Call Mark or Erica 
534-2391 , 534·3383 (message). (4/,5·41 
25) 

$420/mo, 100"10 private Rm-Bath·Phone 
and common kitchen. OPEN HOUSE 
every day 9 a.m. to , p.m. at 4449 
Clalremont Drive (east of Regents Rd, 
Near Claire mont Square Shopping 
Center). (4115-4125) 

Single rm. avail , to nonsmoking female for 
house in La Jolla Colony, $35OImo. + 
deposit + '/4 util. 3Br, 2 ',2 Sa. washerl 
dryer, garage, pooVspa, other amenities. 
Quiet. 587-8982.(41' 8-4/25) 
Room avallabkt at La Jolla Del Soli 1·2 
female non-smokerswanted.$425forone, 
$255 each lor two. Close to shopping, 
campus. Available nowl Jessie. 535-
1352,(4118-4125) 

Room for rentln Mira Mesa. Maslerbdroom 
·for $320 or single for $285. Washer, dryer. 
dishwasher, microwave, cable. Large 
garage, yard. Walking distance 10 mall. 
Availabkt5l1 .Steve569·7417.(41t 8-4/22) 
On-campus housing and $alary, In return 
for helping disabled student with personal 
care, 2·5 hrslday. Female, non·smoker 
preferred. Please call Julie 458-9748 
evenings. (4122-4129) 
Roomate wanted, own room, bath. $3501 
no utll, no smoking, avail (51') call Andy 
294-n29. (4122) 
Spectacular Ocean View. Private room 
near beach and campus, temale non-
smoker preferred. $343. 454-0622. (4122-
4129) 
Furnished large master bedroom , In a 
fully furnished multi·level condo with view. 
own bath and balcony. Garage, pool, 
jacuzzi, washer, dryer, microwave, 
dishwasher, fire place, near UCSD. $700 
+ utilities. 452·0753. (4122-4129) 
Private room available In nice 4·bedroom 
University City house with large back yard. 
Only $345 per month (Includes Utilities 
and Laundryll l) Great location only 8 
minutes to UCSD. Looking for a 
responsible, EZ-golng roommate. Sorry, 
no drugs, smokers or pets. Contact John 
453-7159. (4122-4129) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost-SUteboard, winter finals week, my 
only transportation, red, dragon·bottomed, 
if found call 436·5898.(4/18-4125) 

The: UCSD Guardian 

Lost: RING. Simple silver band with tiny 
fake diamonds. Lost 4113 near APM. If 
found pllease call Jen 457·0295. High 
sentimental value & REWARD. (4/22-41 
25) 
Cinderella, I found your dance shoe near 
Mandeville Aud. Call me at 543·9141. (41 
22-4129) 

PERSONALS 
STUDY , WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMERlllnfo session Tuesday, April 9 
1 :30 - 3 p.m. at the International Center 
Lounge.(418-4129) 
Get out to the beach i,e. The Firehouse 
Beach Cafe. Check out our meallicket in 
the Guardian. The summer In on Its way 
and the sundeck is awaiting your arrlvalll 
/'oJoha from the Fireho'Jse.( 4111-4129) 
Top 3 least popular traHic schools. 3. 
Crash and Burn TraHic School, 2. Red 
Asphalt Traffic School, 1. The L.A. Police 
Behavior Modification TraHic School. The 
., most popular traffic school is the 
Highway to Humor Traffic School. Dayl 
evening classes, PB or Mission Valley. 
260·1954. (41'·514) 
Wanna be Immonalized In print? Then 
stop by the VA table, Price Center. Tues.· 
Thurs. (4123-4125) between 1 t a.m. and 2 
p.m. and buy a personal In the 
Undergraduate Arts Festival calalog. The 
cost is $5120 words, Or pick up a form and 
drop it oH along wlpayment in the VA 
undergrad office ad bo~ - Mandeville 
2t7. (4122) 

Graduating? Only 53 days till you wear 
that funny gown, Parents coming? Don't 
evan think of another hotel till you call the 
La Jolla Cove Motel. '70 Beautiful rooms, 
wild nlght·life of Prospect SI. In your 
backyard, world class beauty of "the Cove· 
out your front balcony, Expensive? Not. 
$44.00 UCSD special, Obviously these 
rooms will go fast. It's not too early, call 
459-2621 or toll free (800) 248-COVE. (41 
8·4129) 
ENTERING THE BUSINESS WORLD? 
Here's an opponunity for UCSD Grads to 
assure your succes. in business, sales. 
. . and life I Bob Iafrate Seminar 
Wednesday, April 24at6 p.m, sharp allhe 
Marriot in Mission Valley. $55.00 at the 
door. $45.00 if you call 447-47'6 now 
Invest In your ruture. Get ahead of the 
pack. (4122) 
It's coming ... UCSD Bookstore - May 
sale May t-4, 20% oil general books; 
technical books 20% off clothing and 
Insignia Items; oHice and art suppl ies pius 
sale tables with tunher markdowns I (4122) 

Congratulalions spring pledge class of 
Alpha Omicron Pi. We love you girls -
you're the greatest. (4122) 

PI Kapps , Good luck with ANCHOR 
SPLASH I Let's win It again I Love. Your 
Spirit Team. (4122) 
To the men of Delta Sig ... get ready and 
get stoked lor ·Anchor Splash· '99' 1(41 
22) 

Delta Gamma wishes all the fraternities 
good luck on Spirit Weeki (4122) 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Congratulations 10 the 9' -92 Warren 
Resident Advisor StaH: Rodrigo Salas, 
Tung·On Kong, Melanie Horn, Tony 
Robinson, Wayne Miracle, Matt Ferguson, 
Diane Metcalf, Mark Stackpole, Angle 
Koonce, James Hernandez, CIiH Mitchell, 
Ale~ Bellsario, Bryan Chehock, Kimberley 
Williams, Rupesh Shah, Dave Hackel, 
Rachel Beerman, Valerie Johnson, Cristi 
Lux and Ali iranmanesh. We are excited to 
have you aboard I (4122) 

Need cash? We buy CDs, tapes, videos. 
Music trader 7094 Miramar Rd. 693- t 469. 
(4122-616) 

Kathie Pofl. thanks for becoming a 
household with me. Love you lotsl (4122) 

To Greg Baker, the man that everyone 
wants to screw - Thanx for letting me be 
the onel I love you l (4122) 

Sigma Kappa Sisters 01 the Week : 
Suzanne Marks (418·4114), Debbie LeHen 
& Monina Nolasco (4115-4/2 t ) .• . 
CONGRATULATIONSII (4122) 
A.S. Internship deadlines April 26th, for 
summer and fall opportunities II Need info? 
Call 534-4689 nowl (4122·4125) 
Count down to Z. F. barbequel (4122) 
Jimmy-ThanKsfordinner Friday nightl(41 
22) 
Larry Bird and the Celties will do it this year 
- so says James Coller. (4122) 

Jeannie - The way you held the baseball 
made me want to hit a home run. (4122) 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bring this ad. Expires SIt 5/9' & uc 

SD 
.. 

I 
8545 Arjons ~ 

SUite F .;. 

Mon.·FrI,8·5 
Sat. 9-2 549·8233 AUTOMOTIVE • 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 
to Foremost Business Park, Suite F Miramar Rd. L ___________________________________________ ~ 

DAILY WEAR (Cooperthin) ................. .......... $89 
EXTENDED WEAR (B & L, 03104) ." .. " ... " .. .. $105 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) ... "." .... $l99 
_ :CampiIIt.,. _ 'GIa.mna ... '1.n..-...;,g, 11Ii'Q'l'Ikol 
__ Iat""""""(~,F_up_'_cnlll·F .. 

itIOueIIonI, hinIng. TIIO-II'GfIfI_ pragrom • 0.... fIIIIIOI_1n ModI 
, 0II0r ptliat _1m, poIiorIs 

r 20% OFFl 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I 
I LENSES OR BACKUP I GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 

IMM~DIATE REPLACEMENT 
Coopenhin (O,T) .... " .... " .. " ................... " ............... $19,00 
Ciba Visitant .... " ......... " .. "" ............ ........................ $26.00 
Wesley' Jasen (OW) .... " ................................ " ..... $22.00 
Soflmate (OW) .................................................... $25.00 
B&L 04 (EW) ............... ....................................... $29.00 
B&L U4 .... .............................. .. ..... ...................... $21.00 
CIBA TINT ............... "" ... " .. ..................... " .. " .. ". $39.00 L (Offer expires 4I3019t) .J ~~~-~------------....I ------ -- ... ________________ ..... 

Umited time ollar Early ... ning & saturday appolnlments now available 
J & J Acu Vue or Clba disposable lenses $89 

for 4 boxes with current RX 
J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lens 

complete package plan $189 
6780 Miramar Rd. 
at M'nmar & Commerna behind Carl's Jr, VISIONCAHE 

MasterCard & Visa accepted • 

578·6796 
East 

County 
-.4131 



, . 

........ .... ... .. _.. ........... ...... .. . ... _ .. __ .......... ,-_.- ......... _ .•. _--

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
\PPll 1:, \prill) 1 

SE ASON RECORDS / NOTES 

~ BASEBAU. 
~ 12-17 /lost to CSU Dominguez Hills 2-0 
~SOFTBALL 
~ 1&17/played 24 innings against UCR Sunday 
~ MEN'S TENNIS 
~ 7-9/at Ojai Toumament from April 25-28 
~ WOMEN'S TENNIS 
~ 12-6/lost to UNLV SO 
~ WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
~ 12-2/defeated PomonuPitzer 19-3 
~GOLF 
~ 11-3/beat Whittier by 77 strokes 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SPORTS 
Date Event 

Apr. 22 Golf at Redlands 
Apr. 23 Baseball at SDSU 
Apr. 24 Baseball at Claremont 
Apr. 25 Softball at CSU San Bemardino 

M. Tennis at Ojai Toumament 
W. Tennis at Ojai Toumament 

Apr. 26 M. Tennis at Ojai Toumament 
W. Tennis at Ojai Toumament 
Golf v. CSU Dominguez Hills and 
UC RiverSide at Torrey Pines South 
W. Water Polo at Westem 
Qualification Tourne , Stanford 

Apr. 27 Baseball at The Master's (OH) 
Softball v. Cal Baptist 
M. Tennis at Ojai Toumament 
W. Tennis at Ojai Toumament 
Track & Field: at S.D. Champ'ships 
Women 's Crew: at Southem 
California Women 's Championships 
W. Water Polo at WQT, Stanford 

time 

1:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
2:00 p.m. 
all day 
all day 
all day 
all day 

1:00 p.m. 

all d 
noon 

noon 

all day 
all day 
noon 

7:00 a.m. 
all day 

IN THE BI FACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

• ~I f-II 
J 
J;;=====I ~=====::::;r==I 

"Well I say we've waited long enough to be 
served ." 

TRACK AND FIELD 
ROII.TS 

--.-
- " - IUCSII_iIIIII: 

1lD IIrnlIIUIDl£S - ~.IiIt -. 1~16. 400 
ItI£ru I«.IIlUS -11Wo 1UIoots.l5. 78. SlO I«IlIIS 
- """,,)t.MItt TI*I. ~.10:"" 313. RnII LqI. l58.89,5C(X)METDIS-6. __ ,15:38.HAIIt(R 
-7, PoJ,,158·S·. llllClAM'-6. IIrwISII:I. 
19'61/2'. TRfU AM' -~ ht -. 43"10'. 
-" _IUCIO-'OoIr~ 

100 II!IDS - (RICO 2) 1_ -....Il.T~ 
2OO1«IlIIS-IRa2)1._ ........ 2fi.89.400 

WATER POLO 
RESULTS 

1ICSD19_3 

XTRAMURALS 
RESUlTS 

-',-IICSD 10 0mI0rc 0 
IICSD 9 CIMmott 8 
.... ,IIa-. 
IICSD II """'" SloIe 8 
_28 ucsou 

METERS -(lwlt)5. __ • !lT4.ID)MmRS 
-()MIoI6.DoriM~ 2:17.64; iRa 2)1 v ..... 
11m. 2:20.1l: (lID lj 2. _ CIt\WWI. 2:28.02. 100 
MEru! IUID.IS - 5. OlIN Fm. 1139. 4X1OO MmR 
RnA Y - 5. UCSO, 50.34. 4lI4OO11rnA IIIlAY - l ucso. 
.:oo.as·. 000 WETtR HtJItUS - (lrW1 3. _ 
Jl&jtlslti. t-o&.10:(~ 2) 1. veW~, 11J6.25: 2. 0..._. !:OS.76. 1!JOO 1IIET£lIS-(RItII 2)5. Kobo 
-. 5.i)O.m. JAvtLII - 3. _ 0tIIr0. 124·10·. • DonOIIs ... __ 

WOMEN 'S TENNIS 
RESULTS 

~oI~V_8 ucsoo 

SOFTBALL 
RESUlTS 

UC_2 UCSO0114~ 
UCSO 3 UC _ 2 110 ....." 

GOLF 
RESULTS 
UCSO 318 _ J95 
1tIedoIrst.c..n_.78 

SUMMER JOBS 
TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT 
EARN $2500·$3500 
National campaign 
positions to stop toxic 
pollution, promote 
comprehensive recycling 
and sue the nation's worst 
polluters. Jobs avaiJable in 
26 states and D,C. Campus 
interviews April 23, 24 
and 25. 

Monday, Aprl122, 1991 

W.POLO 
Continued from page 20 
put in with just one second left on the clock. 

The second period proved to be much of the arne, as the 
Tritons were able to control the pace of the match and shut 
down the Sagehens with some excellent defense. 

Pomona-Pitzer, however, did put up some resistance 
before being swept away. With just 34 seconds left in the 
half, the Sagehens floated one past goalie Dawn Ringhand 
to make the score 12-1. 

UCSD continued its up-tempo game and, with the aid of 
some strong counterattacking, dominated the second half as 
well. The Tritons managed to smack the canvas for seven 
more goals while the Sagehens could manage a meager two. 

The Tritons displayed a balanced anack, with nine play-
ers finishing in the scoring column. Stephanie Sato, Chris-
tine Townsend, and Jamie Dailey led the way with three 
apiece. 

Ringhand also had an excellent game, especially in 
helping to execute the passing off the fast break. UCSD 
Head Coach Denny Harper said that he has settled on 
Ringhand as the starting goalie, after platooning Ringhand 
and freshman Alison Westfall formuch of the first haJfofthe 
season. U[Ringhand) is a great passer," Harper said. "That's 
what she does best for us. She did a good job." 

The weaker Pomona club gave Harper a chance to give 
some playing time to the less experienced players - time 
which, he says will be very valuable to the Tritons as they get 
closer to the USA Collegiate Nationals in May. 

Saturday 's garne did have one sour note for UCSD. 
Junior standout Brenda Reiton was forced to miss the 
contest after suffering a broken middle finger in last 
Wednesday 's game against the USA All-Star boys' team. 
Harper said that he hopes that Reiton will be able to play this 
weekend, as UCSD travels to Stanford for the Western 
Qualification Tournament. 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
6-0, 6-1 at number one singles. and Carla Nicholas lost 6-1, 
6-0 at number two singles. NumberthreeJanet Whalen was 
also a straight-sets loser, faiLing 6-1, 6-4. 

The Rebels were so dominant that they didn't need to 
bring the tennis clone of Larry Johnson. But they did bring 
an Agassi - Suzi Agassi. Andre's cousin played the pan of 
her notorious relation, sporting the same type of racket as 
Andre, and decked out in spandex and Nike shoes. In fact, 
the whole team was attired in true Andre fashion. Suzi Ag-
assi didn't play bad tennjs either, defeating Amanda Lynch 
6-2, 6-3 at number four singles. "She looked like an-year 
old," Lynch said. "But she hits the ball harder than anyone 
on our team." 

The Tritons seemed to take the loss with a grain of salt. 
"We were looking forward to there not being pressure on us 
to win so we could play loose," LaPlante said. 

Trlffic Icadents happen III the time. 
<:Irs a~ dlrNged. ~ get hurt. But did you 

ever ~"Iy think one would happen to you? 

Includes: Shampoo and quality ha ircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 

Call Jamie toll free: 
1-800-7S·EARTH 

Full service prices reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; TW-T 9-8 pm 

"lAi~ 
GA.AFlFliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla , CA 

La Jolla Village Cent~r (Ralph's, SavOn) 

Pasadena area Day camp 
seeks Strong, Positive, 

Out-golng Role-Models to 
work .s group counselors 

with 3-14 year olds and 
a.lnstructors for hor .. 
back riding, swimming 
and outdoor activltl ... 
Competitive ularl .. 

and lots of fun. 
",,--call (818) 794-1156_ 

1·.0·MMTNOW 
You might think you'll nfteI' 

need it, but here's a phone num-
ber to remember M1YW'!-

HIOO·WHAT NON. It's I dirKt 
line to the Georggin & Shann I,w 
otfi<e nearest you, and if you'~ 
ever the innocent victim of I car 
.ccident, we can help. 

We'll do .11 we can to get the 
settlement or aw.rd ~u deserve. 
And our fee comes only from 
what we collect for you . 

So remember the number. 
1-8O().WHAT NOW You might 
need it sOlMday. 

Auto Accident Attorneys 
Mission VaIey NatIonal City EI t.jon 0ceMsIdt 

2851 ClminoOtlllioS. 1717 SwHtw.~Rd. 561 N. Magnol i. M . 2204 EI CImino IIHI 

Monday, April 22, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Remember: Tum in your Student Organization Survey by 
Tuesday, April 30, 1991, to UE/SA, 3rd floor, Price Center 
in order to be eligible for the $SO Cash Prize. 

AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Price Center, Third Floor Conference Room 
All students are welcome to attend. 

MISERY 
AS Fll..M SERIES 
Thursday, April 25, 6:30, 9:00, 11 :30 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
"U_S. ROLE IN A CHANGING WORLD" 
Friday. April 26, 7:00 pm 
Fau tina Solis Hall Room 107 
Free!! 

PUB SHOWCASE 
IT'S A BABY SHOWER 
Saturday, April 27, 8:00 pm 
UCSD Student $2.00/ General Admission $5.00 

A LIQUID T.G.I.F. 
RELATIVIIY RECORDING ARTISTS 
THEY EAT THEIR OWN 
Friday. April 26, 6:30 pm 
Price Center Plaza 
FREE! 
In order to enter the Plaza Area, You must have your Student I.D. 
If 21 or over and wish to consume alternative refreshments please 
also bring proper I.D. 

A.s. INTERNSHIP OmCE 
Summ~/Fa\l Internship Applications deadline 
Friday, April 26,4:00 pm 
Return appljcatjons to offices on 3rd floor, Price Center 

UCSD TRITON YEARBOOK 
It's senior potrait time again. Pictures will be taken April 15-26 in the 
Irvine Room in the Price Center. If ),ou need to schedule or re-schedule 
your appointment time, call the yearbook office at 534-7491 

1991 REVELLE TALENT SHOW IS HERE!!! 
Thursday, April 25, 8:00pm 
Anchorview Cafeteria 

produced by !he ASUCSD. Use !he NEWSFLASHES ~.lU~~ 
to place III adver1ilCmenL Ads are subject 10 avli1ability of spac:e. Deadline i. every Wednesday 
for !he following Monday paper. Drop off IIId Pick up of all Ncwsf1aahc. fonns are 10 be done 

!he AS Secretary .- Third Aoor of the Price Center. Contact 534-4450 for more infonnation. 

A.S. CAMPUS WIDE POSITIONS A V AILABLE 
Many interesting committees open including: 
-T.A. Development Committee 
-Parking Advisory Committee 
-On-Campus Housing Committee 
-Leadership Development Committee 
Apply 3rd Floor of the Price Center. See Alma in the A.S. Office 
or call 534·4450 for more information. 

ADDITIONAL A.S. COUNCIL POSITIONS AVAILABLE 
-Financial Controller 
.UCSA Director of Development 
·Sports Relations Director 
Apply 3rd Floor of the Price Center_ See Alma in the A.S_ Office 
or Call 534·4450 for more information. 

MUIR LEADERSHIP POSITIONS OPEN: 
·Freshperson Senator 
'Senior Senator 
Inquire in the Muir Dean's Officeor call 534-3587 for more informal ion. 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS FINANCE BOARD 
Budget Requests are due 

Friday, May 3, 4:00pm 
al the AS. Receptionist Offi ce, 3rd floor , Price Center 
For Fall Quarter 1991 Progranlming and 1991/ 1992 Operating 

Budgets. 
Hearings will be held 

Wednesday-Friday. May 8-10 
Make appointments with the A.S. Receptionist 

LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL ASSOCIATION 
MOVIE -- "The Hunger" 
Wednesday. April 24, 8:00 pm 
Solis Hall 
Free 

GET INVOLVED AT REVELLE 
Revelle Commiuee Applications are available in the Revelle Provost Office. 
Due Friday. April 26 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL MEETING 
Wednesday. April24. 5:00 Pill 
Berkeley Room--Price Center 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
MARCH OF DIMES TEAMW ALK FOR HEAL THIER BABIES 

Saturday, April 27, 8:00am 
Sea World (East Parking Lot) 
First 100 Walkers with $10 or more in sponsors receive free Team UCSD 
T-Shjrt. Call 534-1414 for info. 

NATIONAL VOLUNTEER WEEK 
VOLUNTEERS GIVE THE WORLD A LIFT 

VOLUNTEERS 
GIVE THE WORLD 

A LIFT 

The Volunteer Connection would like to say thanks to all the UCSD 
Volunteers who have worked to make a difference in the community. 
To find out how you can get involved call us aI534-1414. • 

19 

-

-

-

• 



20 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER / PHIL GRLE', 

The True Aged 
Hero Hurls Strikes 
O ATURDAY Af"rER N, with t~e merican port world still 
buzzing about the tamina of 42-
year-old boxer George Foreman 
after Friday night' historic fight 
with Evander Holyfield , a man 

ne year his elder took the 
mound in Baltimore's Memorial 

tadium. 
The man who took the mound 

that day wa not challenging for 
any title, or caught up in an s rt 

f media frenzy. It wa just 
an ther day at the ballpark for 
4 -year-old pit her olan Ryan, 
who pitched seven and tw -
thirds innings of hutout ball, 
allowing f ur hit and two walk 
wll ile leading the Texas Rangers 
to a 1-0 victory. nd h ye -
he truck out 10. 

ide from the local Te as 
new papers, there probably 
weren't any major column in 

ne~ papers around the country 
applauding Ryan' effort, or 
di cu sing hi unbelievable 
taying power or hi ability to 

with tand attack. There were no 
comment about a valiant effort, 
a last hurrah, or an impre i e 
comeback which had reached it 
inevitable conclu ion. 

A LL OF tho e comment were reserved for Foreman, 
wh e 257-pound. chee eburger-
eating frame was able to wi th-
tand the pounding from one of 

the be t- onditioned fighter in 
boxing hi tory. And, unque tion-
ably, the man de erved every bit 
of praise he received. But there is 
probably nothing I could say 
about the fight that ha n ' t 
already been said by ju t about 
any columni t or commentator 
around the country. 

Ryan? He doe n't even need 
the prai e. He'll walk out to the 
mound like it another day at the 
office, kick into hi mechani-
cally-perfect windup, and blow 
away hitter after hitter with a 
fa tball that till hums in the 
mid-90. 

I s RYA lowing down? Oh, sure. After all, the guy is 43, 
and he' 10 t a little peed on hi 
fa tball. I mean, you know, hi 
velocity ha dropped from the 
high 9 in his younger day to 
the mid-9 the e day . 

But we re not talking about, 
ay, Doug Jone 10 ing a little off 

his fa tball. We' re talking about 
Nolan Ryan here. If Ryan 10 e a 
little velocity, he' till throwing 
faster than most European train . 

See PHILLER, Page 14 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 22, 1991 

18th Not Very Friendly 

Paul Norquist/Guardian 
Dale Abraham shot a 10-over-par 80 to finish 
third among the Tritons, and was one of two 
Tritons who managed to bogey the 18tll hole. 

Softball, 
UCRSplit 
Marathon 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

Who ay marath n have to 
la t for 26 miles? 

o wa on the diamond for 
24 inning in yesterday' double-
header with C River ide, 10 ing 
the opener 2-0 and winning the 
second'4-3. 

UCSO' OiannaMoreno tarted 
n the mound and ' hut out UCR 

for 12 inning before being r -
placed by Kim Stutzman in the top 

f the 13th. 
CR' indy Taylor doubled 

and then advan ed to third on a 
wild pitch to open the 14 th . 
Stephanie Elli reached fir t on a 
bunt ingle and then tole econd. 

Anotherwild pit h by Stutzman 
brought Taylor home and Elli 
came home on a ingle by Nanci 
Mugavero a UCR triumphed 2-0. 

• Golf butchers 18th hole 
at Friendly Hills Country 
Club, but still trounces 
Whittier 318-395 Friday 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD golf team would have had 
a really great day Friday - if it wasn ' t 
for the 18th hole. 

UCSO wa well on it way to truly 
trouncing the Whittier Poet at the par-
70, 6,391-yard Friendly Hills Country 
Club, but ix Tritons hacked their way to 
acombined 16-over-paron the 380-yard 
par-fo ur final hole. That was almost as 
many troke over par as they were for 
the re t of the day, as the Tritons were a 
combined 22-over for Friendly Hills' 
other 17 holes. 

De pite thi debacle on their way to 

the clubhou e, the Triton till handled 
the ovennatched Whittier quad rather 
easily, defeating the Poet 3 18-395. 
UCSD's sea on match record now tands 
atll-3. 

UCSD Head Coach Mike Wydra 
wasn't completely urpri edbyhi team's 
troubles with the 18th, which is rife with 
trouble on both ide of the fairway and 
directly in front of the green. 

"There's a lake on the left, a stand of 
trees on the right, and 40 yard in front of 
the green, there 's a lOO-foot tall pine 
tree," Wydra said. And, the way the Tri-
tons played the last hole almost made 
them wi h that they hadn ' t made the trip 
to Whittier at all. "We had guy hit in the 
water then hit it into the tree [in front of 
the green]. We had guy hit it into the 
trees then hit it in the water. One player 
even had to take an unplayable lie [result-

See GOLF, Page 13 

Rebels 
Run Over 
Tritons 
• UNLV sweeps all 
eight matches from 
women's tennis 
By Robb Earnest 
Staff Writer 

When the shoe fits, wear it. 
Coming off a 7 -I thrashing of Point 
Lorna on Tuesday, the UCSD 
women 's tennis team was cooled 
off on Friday by UNL V 8-0. 

UNLV is 19-8 in Division I 
matches. Although they are not 
ranked in the top 25 nationally, 
most observer place the Rebels in 
the top 40. "The overall quality of 
play isn ' t as noticeably different as 
is their set-up and put-away shots," 
UCSD Head Coach Liz LaPlante 
said. 

Neither team wa ted time cor-
ing in the nightcap. The Highland-

See SOFTBALL, Page 14 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Janet Whalen lost 6-1, 6-4 at number three singles as UCSD lost 
8-0 to the University of Nevada-Las Vegas on Friday afternoon. 

The closest of the matches was 
at number two doubles, where 
Nicole House and Catherine Yim 
lost 6-2, 5-7, 6-3. Robyn Inaba fell 

See W. TENNIS, Page 18 

Tritons Drown 
Weak Sagehens 
• Women's water polo rolls 
to 19-3 win over Pomona; 
nine Tritons score in rout 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

Pomona-Pitzer should have expected 
something like Saturday's 19-3 pasting by 
the UCSD women' water polo team. What 
else can you expect when matched up 
against la t year' national champions? At 
lea t it was better than last year when the 
Triton (12-2) romped to an easy 25-0 
triumph again t the Sagehen . 

UCSD wa ted little time in jumping out 
to a izable lead, as it scored eight in the 
first period, the last of which Kristen Larson 

See W. POLO, Page 18 

BrIM IIorrIaIGulllflsn 
Dawn Ringhand, who beat out Alison Westfall 
at goalie, stops a shot against the Sagehens. 

Relay Team 
Sets Record 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

On the surface, it seems that Scott 
Sargeant had a bad weekend. For a guy 
who usualJy place first or second in the 
hammer throw, eighth place might eem a 
bit disappointing. But at the Mount San 
Antonio ColJege Relays, Sargeant's per-
formance was not only solid but competi-
tive. Sargeant threw 200' 1" which is "right 
at his range," according to UCSD track 
and field Head Coach Mark Stanfol1h. 

"This will be one of the few limes in 
the year when [Sargeant] isn't clearly the 
best one on the field," Stanforth said 
UCSD only enters field events at the Mt. 
SAC Relays due to the lack of organiza-
tion at the meet. "It's a zoo," Stanforth 

See TRACK, Page 14 

j 


