
lJIISDAY 
EDITI()t-.I 
.OPHON 

In London, 75,000 
proIeStOrI demonstrate 
apinst the Wit. In France 
and Ocmway, huncln:ds of 
thousands have protested. 
One student abroad reports 
thaltbe Europeaosare not 
in favor of this war, nor the 
~ricanslPAGE 5 

• FEATURES 
With ~ increase' of 

various fees at UCSD, 
some Shidents take drastic 
measures to save a few 
extra dollars. One way is 
by conaerfeiting partiog 
pennits. Although UCSD 
PolK:e continue to crack 
down on parking violators, 
students CODtinue to park 
iHepIIylPAGE 7 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD mea's 

voUeyball team lost its 
third straight match 
Tuesday night to Cal State 
Long Beach, IS-S, IS-7, 
15-4. The Tritons opens 
conference play this 
weekend in Northern 
CalifomiaIPAGE 11 

• HiA1US 
Cirque du Sofeil. the 

unusual and spectacular 
traveHng circus from 
CanIda. opened last week 
in San Diqo. We take • 
look It the extravaganza, 
which it say. comes closer 
to beina abe "Greatest 
Show OIl Barth" tban 
RiDcIiaa BIOIJPAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
t.IC,... ................. 2 
~ •................... 4 
F-..... .................. 7. 
HI-. ................... H1 
SpartI .................... 11 

Price Center Receives Bomb Threat 
• Police,center board were prepared for problems surrounding Said's lecture 
By Jason Snell 
News Editor 

A bomb threat intended to disrupt a lecture by 
controversial professor Edward Said forced UCSD 
Police to evacuate the Price Center last night. 

Aftertheevacuation ~ complete, bomb- ni ffing 
dog searched the building and found nothing, ac-
cording to UCSD Police Sergeant Randy Fidac. 

Fidac said the police received a bomb threat 
approximately 45 minutes before Said's lecture was 
scheduled to begin. 

Said, a professor of Engli h and Comparative 
Literature at Columbia University, i a Jerusalem-
born Palestinian who has often poken on Pale tinian 
i ues. 

Though Said was scheduled to discuss the role of 
the intellectual in an information society, some cam-
pus groups recognized him more for his hi tory of 
speaking about Palestine. Earlier this week, flyers 
labeling Said as a "supporter of PLO [Pale tine 
Liberation Organization) terrorists" and calling for a 
protest of his lecture were posted throughout the 
campus. 

In recent days, University Centerofficials recei ved 
a hint that trouble could be in the making, according 
to University Center Board Chair Nick Long. 

.. 

1// 

Gall 
"'There have been caUs to University Center staff 

recently saying that Dr. Said would not speak," Long 
said. "It could be that the bomb threat is one of the 
ways they planned on preventing him from speaking." 

Two people attending Edward Said's lecture are frisked by security personnel. 

UCSD Police had also beefed up security in the 
Price Center prior to the event, according to Fidac. 

"With the situation in the Gulf, we had some 
reason to believe someone would be in disagreement 
with Dr. Said's views," he said. 

A.s. Meeting Delayed, Relocated 
Due to Price Center Evacuation 

'The extra security included the use of metal 
detectors to check all audience members as they 
entered the Price Center Ballroom lounge. 

When the bomb threat was receiVed, police 
evacuated the Price Center, including the Associated 
Students leadership chambers. The A.S. meeting 
taking place at the time was moved outside the Price 
Center, and later to theO.A.S.I.S. Annex and the Price 
Center Gallery. (See story, Ihi page.) 

During the delay caused by the bomb threat. Said 
was across the street from the Price Center in the 
Chancellor's Complex. 

. "This has never happened to me before," he said 
from behind UCSD Chancellor Richard Atkinson's 
desk to an impromptu gathering of television and 
printjoumalists. "I guess it' unique to La Jolla" 

See SAID, Page 3 

By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

During last night's Associated Students 
(A.S.) meeting, intenupted by the bomb threat 
at the Price Center and two consequent room 
change , the A.S. council managed to pass a 
resolution urging Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
to become involved in opposing the implemen-
tation of restrictions on off-campus student 
housing. 

The Price Center was evacuated following a 
bomb threat prompted by the appearance of 
Edward Said. 

Student Advocate Mike Holmes was pre-
senting a report to the council when a safety 
officer stepped in and asked that the meeting 
room, located in the third floor of the Price 
Center, be cleared immediately. Without indi-
cating that a bomb threat had been made, the 

officer asked the council to use the back stair-
way and as emble about 25 feet away from the 
building. 

A.S. members tood behind the Price Cen-
ter and continued the meeting for approxi-
mately 15 minutes, watching police circle the 
building with bomb-sniffing dogs, while 
Holmes finished his report and Vice President 
External Molly McKay presented hers. 

VicePresidentAdmini trativeRuben Duran 
agreed to move the meeting to the O.A.S.I.S. 
Annex after being told that the building would 
not be re-opened for at least an hour. Sur-
rounded by orange and yellow partitions in a 
comer of the annex, councilmembers sat on 
tables, chairs, and the floor as the meeting 
resumed. 

Approximately 30minutes later, Duran was 
See A.S. , Page 10 

Koala Editors Pull Tabloid Parody After Complaints 
• Administrators apparently unhappy with references to Watson and others 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

Members of the Koala staff pulled nearly 
2,000 copies of their latest edition from cam-
pus distribution points last evening at 5 p.m . 
after hearing that the administration was un-
happy with portions of the issue's content. 
8,000 copies of the issue, however, were ap-
parently picked up before the issue was pulled. 

'The main complaint about the issue con-
cerned an article about Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson entitled 
"Joe Watson's Jism Proves to be Powerful 
Sunblock." 

"We've been getting calls ... people are 
saying that the article was racist," said Third 
College senior Per Caroe, manager of the 
Koala. 

"I think the allegations of racism are com-
pletely off-base," said Warren College senior 
Greg Huffstutler, co-editor of the Koala. "We 
connected Joe Watson's name with that bogus 
story because he is a prominent figure in this 
school's administration, not because he is 
black," Huffstutler said. 

"[We pulled them] to sort of say that we 

were sorry... because we might have stepped 
over the line," said Greg Waypa, Warren Col-
lege senior and the Koala's other co-editor. 

Waypa added that the Koala staff was trying 
to create a parody of the World Weekly News, a 
tabloid publication known for fabricating sto-
ries. He said he felt that some people misunder-
stood the parody. 

According to Caroe, Assistant Vice Chancel-
lor Tom Tucker was among those who have 
complained. 

Caroe added that he, Waypa, and Huffstutter 
have asked to meet with Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson this morning. 

"The administration knows that we pulled 
the issues. I told Randy [Woodard, director of 
Student Govenunent/Student Organizations] and 
Tom [Tucker]," Caroe said. 

Huffstutler said that he felt that the paper was 
so obviously a satire, he didn't think that the 
issue would cause problems. 

"The Koala has a history of confrontations, 
which is what happens when you use the kind of 
humor we do," Huffstutler .added. 'The reaction . 
does not surprise us, but we thought the issue 
was funny, so we published it." 

Horrifying IBle of love and culinary delighls 
Wf£I'lYW')j.,I,(' 

KOALA THE SHocKING TRUTH Is F,NALLY REVEALED! 

The cover of Tuesday's controversial Koala. 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHER CAIVIPUSES 
UC Announces More Involvement 
In Management of Laboratories 

UC President David Gardner announced a plan to 
broaden and enhance the UC's management of three U.S. 
Department of Energy (D.O.E.) laboratories at Berkeley, 
Livennore, and Los Alamo, N.M. Jan. 17. 

The two key elements of the plan, presented by Gardner 
during a business meeting of the UC Board of Regent at 
the UC Ri verside campus, are tbe establi hment of a 
President ' . Council on National Laboratories and a major 
reorganizution of Gardner's offi ce specifically for the 
management of the three laboratories. 

Gardner s,1id the plan was developed in the belief that 
"the attributes that University management brings to the 
laboratorie . al ready centers of technical and scientific 
o.tcellence, can be of even greater benefit in the futu re as 
the laboratories pursue new and challenging direction in 
fields of immediate and in reasing imponance to the 
nation and the world:' 

A~ a non-profit service to the nation. the UC has man-
aged the three facili ties - the Lawrence Berkeley Labo-
ratory, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and 
the Los Alamos National Laboratory - ince their 
founding. 

TIle regents voted last September to negotiate wilh 
D.O.E. the renewal of the separate five.year contracts, 
whi h expire in September of 1992. 

Gardner told the regents that he would implement the 
plan for enhanced labor.lIory management "as soon a [ 
have rea onable confidence Ihat sati factory contracts can 
be negotiated - possibly as early as next July." 

Oven he years, the UC has created several councils and 
committees in an effort to improve its management of the 
labora tories. A new advisory couocil - to be called the 
Universiry of California President's CounciJ on Narional 
Laboratories - will have approx'irnarely 20 members 
drawn nationally from academia, business, and govern-
ment circles. The council will incorporate the work now 
being performed by the three long-standing UC advisory 
conuninees. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UC Awards More Contracts to Dis-
Advantaged and Small Businesses 

The University of California in 1989-90 exceeded irs 
targets for awardina contracts to disadvantaged businesses, 
enterprises owned by women, and small businesses. accord-
ing to repraeoratives from the offace of the UC president. 

Of $2.~ billion in expenditures for consuuction, design. 
and putchasing, the UC awarded nine percent of the contracts 
to disadvantaged businesses. 5.1 percent to businesses owned 
by women. and 36.4 percent to small businesses. 

The UC set goals in 1989-90 to award 8.77 percent of the 
contracts to disadvantaged businesses, 4.83 percent to enter-
prises owned by women, and 25 percent to small businesses. 

"Disadvantaged businesses" include those owned by mi-
nority men and women. "Enterprises owned by women" are 
comprised of white female enuepreneurs. 

The results w~ pari of the annual Report on University 
Business Affirmalive Action Programs presented to the UC 
Board of Regents on Jan. 17 during its busine meetingallbe 
Riverside campus. 

Cannen Estrada, director of business and employment 
affirmative action. said increase in contntCts awarded to 
smaJl businesses helped the UC sUIpass its 1989-90 goals. 
Ansel Adams Collections exhibited 
At UC campuses Through 1991-92 

One hundred signed photographs by Ansel Adams, stored 
safely in the Uni versiry of Cali fomi a archives fortwodecades, 
are being hown for the first rime in a major exhibition 
scheduled to tour six UC campuses and the Oakland Museum 
during 1991 and 1992. The works will be exhibited at UCSD 
from March 2 to April 7. 

The exhibition, entitled "Ansel Adams: Fiat Lux," along 
with a companion exhibition of photographs from "Ansel 
Adarns: The Museum Set," owned by P",cific Telesis Group, 
will show al the UC Irvine campus from Jan. 8 through Feb. 
10, 1991 as partofthecamp~'25th anniversaryt:elebration. 

"Fiat Lux," Latin for "let There Be Light," is an appropri-
ate title for the exhibition, according to Melinda Wortz, 
director of the UC Irvine Fine Arts Gallery and curator for the 
exhibition, "because Ansel Adams captured light in his pho-
tographs in ways Ihalcelebrate its beauty and mystery." "Fiat 
Lux" is al the UC mono. . 

UCPre ident DavidP. G ardner said he was pleascdthatthe 
university has been able to playa major role in the exhibition 
of some liule·seen works of Ansel Adams. 

"The exhibition is a very appropriate prelude to the 
university's I 25th anniversary celebration," Gardner added. 

The history of the "Fiat Lux" photos can be traced to 1963 
when fonner UC President Clarlc Kerr commissioned Adams 

.. FRIDAY ~o Early morning low clouds 
SATURDAY 
Partly cloudy due to incoming -

Source: Wilbur Shlgehara, 
Natlonat Weather ServICes 
Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

storm clouds 

Surfing conditions: 
GOOD 

NW 

Thunday, January 31,1991 

and Nancy Newball, AdIms' c:olIaborator on several 
boc*s. to produce a "cunenI ponrail" for the university's 
lOOIhanniwnlrycelebrllioDin 1968.AdamsandNewball 
visited aU the UCcampuses,naIUIti reserves, andagricul-
IWII resardI SIaIiooa during • duee-year period, taking 
more than 6,000 ~. Frcm these, they selected 
the ~ for a book, FiDJ w: TM Univmity of 
California ~hed in 1967. In addition, Adams pr0-
duced and si&ned one fine print each of 60~ of the 
pbotograpbs which were evenlUaJly stored in the UC 

ardUves.1beIOOprintsinthe"Fiar~"exhibitionwere 
selected from these photographs. 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Vigils, Rallies, and Teach-ins on 
The Persian Gulf War This Week 

Today the Department of History is sponsoring a 
Teacb-in with a panel discussion on how the war in the 
Middle East will affect history. The Teach-in wiD take 
place at 7 p.m. in Solis Lecture Hall room 104. 

Tomonow. the Conuninee for World Democracy will 
sponsor the screening of "The Wbole World is Watching," 
followed by a discussion led by Herb Scbiller. The film 
will be shown at 7 p.m. in Solis Lecture-Hall room I (fJ. 

On-going events sponsored by the UCSD Alliance for 
Peace include the group's general meeting, held Saturdays 
at Solis Lecture Hall room 107 from 12 to 2 p.m., and 
candlelight vigils Thursdays night at 9 p.m. at Revelle. 

Department of Chemistry Will 
Hold Three Seminars Next Week 

• Monday - StevenAngleofUCRiversidewillgive 
a lecture on '"Quinone Methides: Synthesis, Chemistry, 
and Biological Activity" at 4 p.m. in Peterson Hall 104. 

• Friday - Dr. Istv4n Horvmh of Exxon Research 
and Engineering will give a lecture on "Stationary Liquid 
Phase Homogeneous Transition Metal Catalysis" at 4 
p.m. in Peterson Hall 103. 

• Friday - Dr.W. Ford Doolittle of Dalhousie Uni-
versity in Halifax, Nova Scotia will lecture in a special 
Biology/Chemistry Seminaron "Beginning Genetics with 
Arcbaebacteria."Thelecturewill be be1dat4 p.m. innxm 
2100 of the Basic Science Building. 

GuKKnIAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In ChIf1f 
ROBIN MACLEAN, ~Ing EdItor -
BEN BOYCHUK, Opohlon Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, ~ $potU Editor 
JAMES COLUER, DesIgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, Assoc,.,. Opohlon Editor 
Ba.L DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMILTON, AsIoc*fe News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AuocI8te News Editor 
lARA HEISlER, Assoclnt An. Editor 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, AaocJ.,. Sports EdItor 
CHRISTlNA HUIZAR, ~ An. Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Edttor 
JENNIFER KOLSKY, Pho/o Editor 
KENT KOAiZON, Aaoclltte Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, AttsIEtIteIWInmt Editor 
MEL MARCELO, ~ G~ EdItor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AaocIIrte Feetures Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, 4aocIae Photo EdllDr 
JUUE PUZON, FfMturft Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Gnlpha EdItor 
JASON SNELL, News EdI/or 
RIMAS UZGlRlS, Photo EdItor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, AaocIaat FMftne EdIfor 
JENNIFER Y ANCEY, ~",.", EdIfor 

BOB DeANDREA, BushNI .. " .. ag. 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advwtlslng IIIMwgM 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Adv.,,1sIng 0. • .,., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIaa,,1«l ".,...",.tlve 
AMnIWtIllp ..... ..,Shony~. TeniSctwW.oauo_ 
AMnIWt_:t....~.OonoIc.N._V_ 
~: OonoICoM. Joe 1M. MrII ltI 

Thunday, January 31,1991 

SAID: Bomb Threat 
Continued from IMIQe 1 

"I was irritated and 
angry, as many were, 
because the starting 
time of the lecture had 
to be delayed," Said 
explained. "I assume 
there's a lot of irrita-
tion out there. b}lt 
[those who phoned in 
the bomb threat) have 
a cause that is not 
served by discussion ... 
but by intimidation and 
bullying - a tactic of 
Saddam Hussein, not Gall JohnIOnlGuanian 
something worthy of a Edward Said 
university." 

Said also defended himself from allegations that 
he is affiliated with the PLO. 

"I'm a Palestinian and speak on Palestinian is-
sues, but I'm not a member of the PLO," he said. 

1bePriceCenterBaIIroom was set uptobold 600 
people, according to Fidac. He estimaled that the 
crowd lined up outside the Price Center throughout 
the bomb threat was beyond that amount Police 
later said that as many as 600 people above the 
ballroom's capacity waited in line outside the filled 
room. 

Said's lecture began at 8:45 p.m., approximately 
one hour and 15 minutes late, and ended at 10:45 
p.m. A group of students handed out flyers conrain· 
ing what they described as an "alternative point-of-
view" from that of Said Due to the delay caused by 
the bomb threat, audience participation was limited 
and those present who opposed Said did not ask him 
any questiorts. 

Said last spoke at UCSD about a year ago, on Jan. 
18, 1990. Ironically, his scheduled lopics that nighl 
were, unlike lasl night, Palestine and Israel. 

At several points during last year's lecture, Said 
was drowned out by audience members debating the 
issue of a Palestinian homeland. 

As he waited to begin his lecture, Said explained 
his thoughts on the war in the Persian Gulf. 

"We're in this war for other reasons [than Saddam 
Hussein]," he said "We're the only superpower, 
and we want cheap energy supplies - that's why 
we're conducting this campaign. It's all shortsighted. 

"I don't agree at all with Saddam. But the irony 
is that most of those who are anayed against him 
were once allied with him," Said explained. 

''1bere will be no winners in this war, only 
losers," he said 

SId Writer R8Chel BJackburn contributed to 
thIs article . 

Calvin and Hobbes 

Yj\tl ~Ll) L IKt It> 
s\)~MR IZ£ ~\ lfk .lJs.' 
R,E.'.l)? CA\'~ II'\ , ~ 

,Ill()IJ, 'jet-I" 

The UCSD Guardian 

Compiled by Kent Korzon, SlInlor Staff Writ.,. 
"~23: 9:18a.m: IIIpOI1led \0 ~ Hal \0 irMstgaIa a ~ 
~ padIage. A crile barb lri re&pOIlded and toe ...... - was daIamined~. ~ 
4.'45 pm: A sUIant ~ the toeft 01 a waIeI trom a t:aciqladI at S&E 
lJrary . Lass: $10. 
5:18pm.: A su»rts CO's 'MIf9s\o1en from toe TI'ird CoIege ~ 
batwaen tnS and 1122. Loss: $45. 
lhIndIy, .lin. 21: 
2:51) p.m.: A I:icyda _was stolen tool a siJlBn's bitycIe at fie 
CcviM SQancas 1UIfrG. Loss: 57S, 
4.aJp.m.: A I'IOMIWt ~ I1aI her puse" stolen from toe 

~,tqaUn. 
4:29 p.m.: ~ lIWown upIt1 bald arty into a slJdent's t984 T oyola 
&v.! in lot l)5. No loss was I8pCII8d. Off; damIge. 
FttdIy,.IIn. 25: 
IO:59a.m: A sUIant ~ fie fl8ft ci a bitycIe!rom the I1ipper 
Cqa1 ~ .. batwaen tn6 n 1123. Lass: 5100. 
12.'45 pm: A sUIant in a d8ybaI gBIIII II"" suIIeI8d a tMsIed rile 
n was rnpoIIId \0 St.dn IW1 5eNic:a. 
<4 p.m.: ~ lIWown SI.III*I rind a .... 5 Ioc:Md t989 Nis6an 
~ in lot ll5 n IIITOI8d a C8IpII kl Loas: $2IXl 
9:3J p.m.: A I'IOMIWt ~ toe tugIiwy 01 a 1987 T oyola from fie 

~lIBmaIicral Cera kll u.s: $t to. 
11:55 p.m: A IIIInIIII sa.dart ~ IIIIlIIMng ttraaan.I Jhlne call II 
.. ac., v.w Donre II " :15 p.m. 
91Ud1J,.IIn. 21: 
8:25a.m.: A ... ~ IIIIlIIMng a ~ Jhlne cal II hi t.ur 
Dams. 
"374m: A stall rrare. ~ toe tell 01 a tBIMion n a W:Ieo-
CIEIIII8CIlIdIr 110m .. Sj:alOI idy. 
11:15 p.m : A I'IOMIWt a.tar.d a bloody IlOI8 n loss 01 a toofI fnIm 
m cicIInaIsdIe \0 toe face II ... Triton PIb. The Sltljed ~ 
prI\8t inIIIIrr.t 
11:16 p.m: A ~ ciIb:aIBd a IVlIe wIiIe aIam dining at ... 

Triton P\b. The ~nUad""'" 
, ,:53 p.m.: A 19 year-dl nDIHIIIIaIt., 0Idnd \0 Ieaw c:arrp.a <1Ie \0 
WlIant bahaW:Ir in lot 102. 
1UIdIJ, .lin. 27: 
1225a.m: A 2'3 ~-dI nDIHIIIIaIt., died at toe Triton PIb.m 
IaIaaged b hiMrG _~ wwrarB. 
93) a.m.: AsiJlBn ~ the ~ 01 a t972 ChEMoIat at the Mesa 
ApI\rIWtI ~ lf26 n tro.Lass: 5150 in dIrnage. 
2 p.m.: A non-a8aIa lUInd rri1cr Irj.Jie8 tom a tal at ScrWs 

~ The UJject _ mspotIad \0 ScrWs MeIl'W fb5pitaI by 
pob. 
2:20p.m.: A sa.datt ~ ... tugIiwy of a t986 Toyota in lI:t 002. 
Loas$398. 
1IandIy,.IIn. 28: 
9:43 a.m.: 0fIcars n SOFO ~ \0 1M! eIeclicaI fie WI EIUtirYJ 0 
01 fie MaIIhews ~_ Thera was ~ \0 a r;p swith n a 
toweIiD, as walllIIlIIIlN darrage \0 the ballroom. 
113) a.m.: A IacUIy ITl8IIter repoII8d hi teft 0/ a torrpJter tom an 
alice at 858. Loes $t:os. 
12.($ p.m: Poioe n par.rnecics rusponded \0 a stili merrOer's cartiac 
IVIIISl. The ~ was taken \0 ScrWs MeIl'W Hospital by pr.mdcs. 
T...tIy,.IIn. a: 
9:15 a.m.: Ali lIWown susped atIerrPed \0 sIaaI a wIicIe in LoIl02 
batwaen 1127II1II1129. DIInage was 86Iin1IIBd at 5100. 
<4 p.m.: AUIirun an !rom VIIicQ "')'CIng IocaUe .wid lJCSO 
_ stJIan.Lass: $350. 
4:15 p.m.: A ... repoII8d !he tell 0/ a 1971 WI tu !rom Gimrl 
DIM. Loss: S2,SOO. 
6:21 p.m.: A titycIe was stlIen trom new AIIris Hal between 1128 arxIlI 
29, Loss: 5150. 

by Bill Watterson 

1IIA~ 16S M~ S.VIRII IS. 
~\G\\\ K.ICI(II'IG TIlE 

GAA\t'; '«lJ'.£ SI'IRlf CS ~ 
U)5T ~EC~RS 

Cl£.!oi! "c~ 
TI£ RQ()to\ . 

Cto.\'~II< , If ~()I,.rO M ~"lf 
1\\£ £N~ Of 'f()I,)!l PRoW51'S 
II-IIt) i<M!. ~~\(. ... 

'bJ (J.,l< lR'i 1t> 
lD-~ " M[$Iji[, 
1M I'I'i SPI!lIT 
5(RmI5 I1> 

OUS . 

NEWS 3 

•••••••••••••••••••••• i UCSD GRAND OPENING i 
I BRING THIS AD FOR A 100/0 DISCOUNT I 
• • • We have our unique line of La Jolla T·Shirts, • 
• Tanks, Knit , Hats, Towels, Bags, • 
• Flyer , Stationery, etc. • 
• PLUS • I Visit the Rose Bay Gallery, La Jolla's : 
• own affordable Art Gallery including • 
• UCSD artists • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
= Hours: Mon.-Sat. 10 a.m.·4 p.m. = 
• 7731 Fay Ave. , La Jolla, CA 92037. (619)454-2360 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

EUROPE 
TRAVEL 

SEMINAR 

'juesd~YI Feb:i 
6:00pm .~. 

ueSD Price Center 
,."The Cove Room . 
CCiilnCifTtavel 

UCSD Price Center, Q-076 
La Jolla, CA 92093 

619-452-0630 

GET SMART! 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 
We Score More! 

LSAT 
GMAT 

GRE 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

( 619)695-9952 
Classes start Feb. 9 for GMAT 



OPINION ~I ~,.., ----­~ tary 31, 1991 4 OPINION 
EDITORIALS 

Editorial Board 
PHIL GRUEN , Edi lor in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Edi lor 
JASON SNELL. News Edi lor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

T/w UCSDGMllTdi4A b pvblit.Md I'llfo il",", It .. ft,k,ltM UJlIWRu)' oICattrom •. slII [Mao ConICnU 
ca 99 1 Vicw, c_pn:s,.c In thiS edttonaJ r"fprtKftI the ~I)' ~ rl lhc cdJuW boInI. and are not 
na.'UUOly .- cI ohc uc _ cI I.e""", ohc ASUCSD. _ ohc "'ton G __ ...n. 

INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETICS 

Division Move Is Essential 
Talk - rumors, moslly - about a po sible move to 

Division II for the UCSD intercollegiate athleti cs program has 
been circulating throughout the campu community for a 
number of years. But it was always just that : talk. Now, 
however, with the request of some UCSD adminislralor that 
the Inlercollegiate and Recreational Athletic Advi ory Com-
mittee (I RAAC) help determine the best possible direction for 
the future of UCSD's Divi ion III athletic program, the e 
rumors may oon become reality. 

With IRAAC all set to hear from the campus community, 
it hould brace itselfforthe is ue that is likely 10 pervade future 
discussion on the mailer: a possible move to Division U. But 
it is a move, after all is heard, aid, and done, that is essential 
for the futu re of the athlelic program. The move is vilal . Jr is 
imperative. 

After a rocky beginn ing, Triton ports have virtually domi-
nated Divi ion III compelilion. Overall , UCSD has become 
ju I too good for Ihis level. Needless 10 say, thi general 
31hlelic excellence is calching Ihe anemion of local Division 
III schools - schools like Pomona-Pitzer. La Verne, and 
Occidental. 

Those schools, among others, are part of the Southern 
California lntercollegiale Athletic Confere nce. This is a 
confe rence that will nOI extend a bid to UCSD, con equently 
forcing it to be independent, searching for Opponenls. This 
make scheduling a nightmare for UCSD athletics. 

There wa a time when chools from this conference used 
10 lick their collective li ps allhe thought of playing UCSD -
in the days when the Triton weren' t so good. But the e day , 
Ihey prefer to avoid the TrilOns altogether, compelling Ihem to 
fi nd competition elsewhere - namely, in differem pans of the 
country. Part o f the counlry where plane flights cost a lot of 
money. Parts of the country Ihat can quickly deplelea Div ision 
1lI athletic department ' relatively small budget. 

But the general question of "whal's best for the athletic 
depall ment" al this lime is more complex Ihanjust scheduling, 
though Ihe problems in that area may be enough 10 merit a 
move on their own. For example, UCSD is among Ihe top ten 
- if not Ihe top fWO - Divi ion III schools in studem popu-
lalion with well over 14,000 undergraduate . By the year 
2005,26,000 students will roam the campus. In a certain sense, 
UCSD ha outgrown its Division UJ britches. 

Furthermore, a Di vision II alhletic program has a chance of 
bringing the tudent body logelher. Because the Division 11 
level genera lly warrants more exposure and more national 
respecl, sludents, consequently , are more apt to be allracted to 
such a venue. 

But ajump indivi ionalstatus will not be a day allhebeach. 
IRAAC, which has not been given a deadline to make its 
recommendalion on the issue and which will hold two open 
forum at Warren Lecture Hall on Feb. 6 and Feb. 13, is likely 
to hear concerns about bolh money and athletic scholarships . 
Both concerns are valid. 

The question of money will become clearer as time wears 
on. Apparemly. as lRAAC has been busy preparing to hear all 
side of the issue, finanCing the program has not yet been 
seriously tackled. 

As forthequestionof scholarships (permitted at the Division 
II level), Ihere is some concern Ihat a Division D program is 
merely a stepping stone to a scandal-ridden Division I pro-
gram. With recruiting and other violations cropping up at 
Division I schools on a regular basis, this concern is not 
unfounded, Something of this nature would effectively kill 
nearly everything that UCSD, as a non-scholarship Division 
III school with an extreme academic emphasis, stands for. 

But for the time being, UCSD is contemplating a move to 
Division II, and there is no reason to correlate scholarships 
with academic standards - at least for now. A Division 11 
move will nol likely result in a compromise of academic 
standards, and if UCSD's Academic Senate has anything to 
say, you can count on it. 

These concerns, however, are not enough to outweigh the 
overall imponance and the need for a move. A future for 
UCSD's athletic program in Division n is a must. 

The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY 

A Sea of Greys in the Gulf 
• Reports of a quick, morally correct war are unbelievable 
By Greg ttutfsIubr. ContrfbutJn(JOpInion Wrifer 

When 1 look at my country's involvemcol in the 
Persian Gulf, I only see greys. I do DOt believe 
President Bush when he says our Involvement in 
what ' DOW being called "1be;GuIfCrisia" is .clar 
ease of good versus evil, black venus white. 

I do rot believe our pn:sideDt when be says m-
our prinIIIy military goal in Ihe PeniaD Gulf is to 
I'eSCCft die rightful Kuwaiti leaders 10 power. I do 
not believe official rcpoI1S that only 2().odd 
American planes were shot down after over 20.000 
sorties inIo Iraq. 

I do rot believe repor1S &baa aIl1be fIXed Scud 
missile lauochers have been destroyed. nor do I 
believe the official percentages of mobile Scud 
l8WlCbers supposedly out of commission. I do DOl 
believe that the Iraqi Scud missiles that bave struck 
Israel and Saudi Arabia bave resu1ted in minimal 
numbers of dead and • few minor injuries. 

Convmely, what about Ihe millions of pounds of 
bombs we've nUncd down on Iraq during the first 
weeks of the war? Ale we to believe they only strike 
military buildings and enlJmChed Iraqi troops? 
What aboul stray misaiJes? What about civWans7 
Doesn't anybody die from these 1118Cb? 

I do not believe in 1be statrrnma by White 
House Spokesperson Marlin FiIZWlla'. Nor do I 
believe Secretary of DcCrnse Dick Qeney. Nor 
Genera1 Colin Powell 

I do not believe in fail-safe weapomy. Nor in 
terrorist-safe airponL I do not believe inprayer, but 
when it comes to this cooflict. at times I wiIb I did. 

I do not believe NBC, CBS. oar ABC. CNN is a 
little better, but. it must &till rely CXI "ofticiaIIy 
authorized infomuJtion" IDd Iraqi ceDIClII. ADd 1 
still wonder bow CNN ~ tboIe broBadna 
priviJeBes cIurina the eady bows ~ Ihe .... 

I do not believe in p ....... nor in pRIIeItiac 
the protators,lmI unabIc to idenIiIy wtda eidIer of 
the exIIaDista: neither the ..rnawb wbo-...ld 
like to aee Bapdad join 1&0IbIma ... U * Hill 
!he "Nuked Cub, "nor ... leftiIl ..... a.llli_ 
demoI ...... 1, who with !he ~ couId·~ beeIl 
frozen in die '6OL 

J..larevayone ......... two~l_ 
more .... ICIa en; t f wida .... wt.. ... 
....... oflOldien. dIe ................ 1be 
1daIi\W-who 1iaIplJ'" tbeir IowIcI cal 10 do 
Ibeir job IDd NIUm bailie it ca pieoe. My beIR 
aIIo .. CICIO die.... I • Gt1be WII'. who. 
aJIIl°w .......... 1do ........ ot,... 
when r doaoc,'" bape wlllnJ __ .. .... 
own...,. !bey aejl.a ...... Iodc .... ....... 

~ •• iwbo .... _ ....... _ 

from across police lines. 
I see IJ)(ft greys in our country's foreign policy 

during and prior to the war. Why did April 
Glaspie, our ~ to Iraq,leU Saddam 
Hussein thai the SIIIC Department would c:oosider 
his grievances with Kuwait simply • maaer 
between two Arab nations during. meeting willi 
"tile nwtman" just weeks befoR 1be invuioa? 
And if she didn't foraec Ihe I't3UIl of her conver-
saIioo with Hussein, why did she Ieavc die COUOIry 
several days befon Iraq invaded? 

1bia is why l"ve diftic:ulty in siding with 
eiIher!he pro- or anti-ww demonstillOiS. I do not 
believe that their respective proteSts - '"Free 
Kuwait" or "No Blood For Oil" :- strike to the 
heart of 1bis coafIict. 

ThIs Wlll'is not about democracy in Kuwait, nor 
is it solely about oil - we CIIIlIOd do get our oil 
from OIlIer IOIJn:es. The best expbnalion I've 
heard Ibus far is thar this war is essentially about 
our couoay becoming Il'I(R involved in Middle 
Eastern affairs. 

By invading Kuwait, Hussein ac&ual.Iy pve the 
U.S. wbat we needed molt: an excuse to tIpIad 
our influeoce - miJIIIrily, politically. and 
ecooomic:aIIy - into III an:a that has hisIork:aIIy 
been boIIiIe IOWIId our c:ounrry. This war is also 
an excuse for our govamncnt 10 IeIUm to • 
miJiIary-based eaJDOIDy, just wilen sjpi&ant cuts 
in the defense buda« seemed poaible. 

FuIberrncft, the w. is Ihe oews,lbe wbole 
news, IDd nocbioa but !he news. What better way 
10 divat IIUIIWioo fRIm InCXIIIfOUI domestic 
problems IhIn ID have • nifty war? As far II 
buctctjq CICOIIOIIIiIaa lie c:oacecoed, if we ere 
lucky. dill ... wiD pull our COUIIIIy out of • 
po~_1ion 1bar would be .. Iss cblnalO 
wony Ibout once "'s all 4MW. 

Aft« ..... it all UP. weiabiDa die iaaues, 
...rq.aewipllplrCCIJ ••• w ........... 
Ibo aipdy news updaIea.lNellOodIir l'CCOUIIe 
.. CO become ewa IIIIR c:yobI in my IDllllJen 
and belief&. 

We_in .... tbII pI.cea _ .... 011 
public ........... indle 1nIIb.~ up in 
... .,..W*'Pl" en. we .. 01 •• '·'''' re-

. 1IIIaded. be inItIady IIrIfdcaI fA .. we_ . 
willi ................. Willi. lbeptiii: 
dec44 •• bicIdal ...... IJId ... 01 .... 
bli .... r doII't ewalraolr ........ 10 believe 
wbII r. beIie¥e. 

r .. ....,. ...... JOU pick a_a black 
.......... it ......... _ ... 1IeDeniD 
.., ............. ..,. ..... lUIwal ... 

Thunday, January 31,1991 

• In the streets of London 
and other European cities, 
anti-war and anti-American 
sentiment runs strong 
ByPltrIc ......... 
SenIor StIIff Writer 

''God, lIIu wItok war thing is just MU for my I'GCG-
do" pltuu. How rwk! Maybt J'U wrilt 
StMIdiIm a klUr." - A peeved American 
foreip exchange student in England. 

The music was throbbing and the libi-
dos were rising as the students pelvic-

War! Hunh! 

thrusted their way across thedance floor. 
With the lager flowing, we drowned 
our uneasy feelings concerning the im-
pending threat of a Middle Eastern 
conflict. How appropriate that the final 
riffs ofT. Rex's "War" should lead into 
news of the onslaught of the bombings 
in Baghdad. 

Ah. there's nothing like a little military aggression to 
bring out the closet alcoholic in all of us. A direct 
correlation was found between the line at the bar and the 
speed in which the word "war" circulated among the 
masses. Clubbers either threw themselves about in com-
plete abandonment or staggered outside to converse 
gastronomically with the bouncer. 

And so the games began. Being a foreign student -
and an "American imperialist pig," to quote a faction of 
British socialists - in Europe at this time has been truly 
enlightening. With protests held as a daily vigil. it is not 
difficult to wade through the propaganda each anti-war 
faction spouts. Whether it's uniting female warriors or 
reviving sanctions, the message is clear. no more blood 
foroi!. 

Whal is it good/or? Absolutely nothing! 
The disturbing point is the current shift of blame. Prior 

to January 16, people of all nationalities joined together 
to voice their disapproval of a war in the Persian Gulf. In 
Germany. an estimated 250,000 people demonstrated in 
120 cities. In France, in some of the largest anti-war 
demonstrations since Vietnam. at least 200,000 people 
turned out in 100 cities. 

In London, nearly 75.000 people were estimated to 
have marched from Hyde Park to Trafalgar Square. The 
atmosphere was hopeful. if not jovial. Parents pushing 
prams mingled harmoniously with the usual professional 
protestors and anti-war groups. If there was an overall 
theme, it was that there should be an Arab solution to the 
Middle Eastern conflict. The misconception that the war 
is aboul justice was quickly eradicated. Tony BeM. 
Labour member of Parliament for Chesterfield, warned 
of the possible mass destruction in a war over oil and 
power. 

"Hundreds of thousands of innocent men, women, 
and children could well be Slaughtered by the most 
modem weapons, often manufactured by the same anns 
companies and suWlied to both sides," he said. 

Say it again. War! Hunh! 
Bush. fearing that the U.N. deadline would lead to the 

proverbial"Oh yeah? Well, l dare you to cross this line" 
negotiations, gathered up a few of his good 01' boys and 
engaged the attack on 1nIq. So he "forgOl" to infonn U.N. 
Secretary General Javier Perez de Cueillar about these 
maneuvers. Bush was merely being polite: far be it for 
him to interrupt de Cueillar's sleeping patterns over such 
trifling matters. "Hi hot hi bo, it's off to Iraq we go . .... 

As the U.S. barTeIs along the path of war, it is aided 
and abbeucd by a strong U.K. backing. So why the 
current rise of anti-Americanism throughout Europe? 
In Brighton, England, a general srudents-union 
meeting became III illlPlOliIPtu procesa. with I1III'Cbers 
shrieking, "U,S., get outl" Among the younger 
generation who are expected to fighr (predominantly 
the 18-24 age bracket). the feerofwar is widespmId. 
Condemning banners are often seen strung across local 
war monuments. 

With Husaein's rec:ent violalions of the Geneva Coo-

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

What Is It Good For? 
COMMENTARY 

vention, many British feel that the Royal Air Force prisoners 
of war are suffering because of Bush 's personal arrogance and 
determination to boost the U.S. economy. The point may be 
valid. Prime Minister John Major, like his predecessor, al-
lowed himself to be a political puppet, bowing to the pressure 
of maintaining positive relations with the U.S. by offering 
economic and military support. Yet whose fault is il that he 
was unable to withstand the political pressure? Given the fact 
that he is a mere babe among the diplomatic wolves, Major is, 
well ... fair, 

What is it good/or? 
Regardless of who is sitting in the international dunce 

chair, Europe as a whole has geared itself to combat the 
impending care pack-sea from Iraq. Thanks, Saddam, but we 
don'l really' have any use for this plastique . . . 

In France, police have confiscated tens of thousands of 
video and audio cassettes featuring the Iatest recording of 
Algerian pop sinaer Mazouni, "Z'dIIn Ya Sadame" ("00 on 
Saddam. Owp"). 1n f.n&land, the Home Office ordered all 
Iraqis slaying in the country on limited visas to register with 

Protest organizers, 
including a memberof 
"Iraqis Against the 
War, ' (above, right) 
survey the crowd. 
Police remove steel 
pipes before the 
London protest in a 
precaution against it 
turning violent and the 
pipes being used 
against police as 
weapons (left). 

their local police departments. Several Iraqi students, 
cheering for Hussein during a television broadcast, were 
reportedly removed by the police and withdrawn from the 
University of Sussex. Radio and the international press 
corps, after Baghdad lost irs vacation appeal, has been 
censored both in the Middle East and back home. And. 
obviously, security at all venues of mass transportation 
has been beefed up. At both Heathrow and Gatwick 
airports, military tanks, armed police patrols. identifica-
lion checks, and baggage screening have been increased. 
That Saddam Hussein is a menace to global order is a 
moot point. By refusing to dissolve the situation through 
diplomatic avenues, he has forced the Allies' hand. The 
problem is this: will the U.S.-led coalition be able to 
decimate the Iraqi forces in a brief, decisive war, or will 
the combat be an extended. bloody waste of human lives 
and. Western embarTassrnent? According to the current 
European opinion, the answer lies with the latter. 
- Pe1rIc .. JettIe 1 •• W..,. .. ""lor currently .tudy-
Ina ebroed It the University of Su ... x In eng .. nd 



6 PHOTO 

r-------------"..-:~~~~~:JI Nail Specials 
~~r~LIC $18.99 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay '24.95 

Fl ... $12 Reg. $15 • New clients only I 
Flbergla .. Hal .. with Tlpa sa.98 Reg. $45 

lIenlcurM • ~lcu .... $15.85 I 
Wulng St8rtIng ~ $3 

Mllnlcwea $5 • Fecla .. $25 Reg. $35 I 
~~-------------------------- I NAILS BY JENNIFER .... AND WOMB I 

8055 Clalremont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, Jaouuy 31, 1991 

• 1Il00 81a.:rn 
PI.~ 

225-0279 

" 3443UMr11y NarI1 PM! 
-..a 

• We big IWIY comic 
• Gamel & Cards 
• We • Fill DiIccu1Is 
• In sIDnI SIba.., seMce 

"THE SPLENDOR mAT SHINES 
through Nature is imparted to her from a source which is 

beyond Nature and which is the ultimate reality ... 

Mankind is part of Narure, and, like non-human Nature, 

we owe our existence to the reality that is the mysterious 

conunon source of non-human Nature and ourselves ... 

Since man became conscious, he has been aware that he 

himselfis not the spiritually highest presence in the 

universe, and he has been seeking to communicate with 

this higher form of reality in order to put himself into 

harmony with it. 

His earliest avenue of approach to it was through his 

natural environment. He worshipped the ultimate reality 

through the manifestations of it in mountains .. . and 

forests, springs, rivers, and the ocean. 

It is still possible for man to regain his original concord 

with Nature, and this will bring him salvation from his 

present man-made plight." 

- Amold Toynbee 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIAL 

2.9¢ per copy 
unJimi.ed.20 lb. Wh 

'bl Ii I EII9It:!ja 
.4=. 1-.:1. 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doc1oraI sluden1s (64·91%). alief 
~1ing tneIr COllIe WOIk. remain with 
a cWenation pending ~lioI1 lndefi. 
riltly. Among IilIH ABOs (AII·8:1-Ih .. 
Disser1Jllion) are generlHy found the 
brVhf8sI and mos1 CIM1iYe candidales. 
Addressing ~ IftmInIs in'o'OIYed III de-
laying oompIItion. the wort<shop gUdts 
plllicipants. from beginning 10 tcIlowing 
tl\1OIql and corT1IfeIion. panic:ularly aller 
...,. of ~ Ind reganIfe$s of •• 
they .,. in 1hI pnx:ess. 

• Wewopen ... 7 p.m. Mry day 9360 Towne Centre Dr. Sre. 130 San Dieao. CA 92121 Workshop inIoImabl 
SS4-l2OO (Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 160-5081 I 

NotYllldwtll..,OIheroftn. &p. ~1. L_~~~~~~~_J 0a00I ..... 1I .... L ____________________ .I L-________ ---' 985-0426 PoIIpIuIIa GIaup 

FEATURES 
7 FEATURES The: UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 31,1991 

~~ I:> 
10 

~~ :I::> c n (J) 
c 

0 c )II (J) 
:c 

~~ m I:> 0 )II ::0 C 

"8" permits 

OS" permits 

One-day permits 150-200 

Half-day permits 100 .. 120 



8 FEATURES 

KAPPA KAPPA GAMM!\~ 
NEWE&T ADDITION& 

Jennifer Bellman Jeannine Mwtoe 
Kendra J}urchflCl Qomy Maaon 
Nicole Chemow Amy MalWlhan::il 
Jill Cohen Qobin McNall 
Andrea Covi"8Lon Nioole Morila 
Cambria Cox &rena Murillo 
Ann Cmdy Andrea Newlon 
Li86 Cmll Lauren Qeynolde 
JuUe Corricello [lien Qil.chie 
Julie Cullinane Olrii&.ie Qocha 
De8iree Darden Lilla &nder8 
h&0C8 de Guzman Tina &mifl&!Oll 
Liz Dl'8y Debbie &Lton 
Dorbic rcidman Laurie &epan::i 
Jcn fl'8nkol Melinda &.einmelz 
&.ephanie ColdsboroU&h Qoni &kenik 
Elizabeth Graham Mandy Van Zytveid 
!lolly !larvey lleather Weber 
Ci"8e r JonC8 D8mela Weal 
Vrucric Kelly l.cslie Workmon 
li ne} Koonce Adrienne Wray 
limy Kroll 

Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System 

THE lARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
-------------------

1 Month Tanning for 
Call for details up 2/1 ~/91 
--------------------Costa Verde Center 

8650 Genesee Ave. Ste.214 
Son Diego, CA. 92122 
(619)558-1858 

TalktoTI. 
At Career Forum in San Francisco 

February 15, 16, & 17, 1991 
, ." ;( , ( 'J ;z."'",, ) ," IHJ lttw.tr:wttQ 
TII..f:!:hlH. I.W<I~ v~ HI . ~ ~.W -t­
'J ~L..TIo\ J." ftl) • ., t-~J ? utH W 
!O'I .u.: " I · ~IlIIl .. J7IJ AtltA61""" 
lfl . 
II t.nu t")II " 'J.A I)" I9Ufl , •• ~ ,.,~ 
n . JIIltI "":.I · ")·~:r.i'& 4 10) l IllO'#! 
' )II lIbI',6000A'(". ·r"'lA.I~I "',c 
L- nlllo)Jj'~""". ,'" , :l.1iII1t1. ~, 
iltt,',,1 ,\ n l,'t'~" J 1'{~'.4. 
I"I'II: U . 7; ,/ ~ t:lj<\q)I'''~ 1.,I16T1 1011!J 
')in'~~c I.-1 ......... 'NIIItt ~ '- -t-I"~ 
1.-. 11 .;., · fll- I ~ttlWtl!lJ~~ Ant"'Mi"' ;) 
'-,I-llf l ~'fll =- J't. 

+1I"tlll+ 
nf'ft~ Oh lor. " l~ ",n..-lorlf: I.,I 
n·,O)h. J , ·u.wt1', " J'D)h U.I ,,~~ 

Nl!l. 2 11111. IItII. _ . 'I.U.,. 'I 
I)(/.~ . .. I: ' 1.1_ . • '111"""11:' 
I!W~Nr r. I1'OOOi'r . )1«l'1 U~ 14 m . 
ll'/~ 2~ ~ I'; . 'W) . Jl f"l _ i-
II. /I t: 1 .,. '4 f "I. II ... r "I ""~rl 
/ 111iNI11\JOrt. ~IfA..w ..... 1111..., 
1OIt.~{\. tl1ft~"~. IIl(lfJH 
1lI'IMr. ~. n~ 

+~II.t+ 
.Q" ""'I b" 1\ "'V /\ """"'" 1. )",1 ~t/r n"'$~'1 I 0/111 'I:n ) 
:.I,V I!l2iOJ'l 11911"'.1.11111 r.ultll/ 
a<,6000Y, 'II~/ 1IMIIt_1t . .Q 
.1. ' . I.,:. '11l.1li/ "";' (,"1,· .llfll · 
,1JII' ~\Ctf l • .." . ~ ...... tll',f,t, '$7H.. 
,;,1fI!. MA.. ~ l iII ..... (~J . "II. 
Ill, II) I11III I·h lll . AI} II HII ' ""*1 

It \-5 lilvJ\:W1';t: O),j: , ;:;: -C='(fJJ < At~-5 ~9. 
Call now DISCO Inc. for registration at I{BOO) 999-O179! Or cont.act: 

I I"- , ''' ;{· ( A "I "' J J" ~~I 
r.illfl!ll/ll!{\1!1I. 

1 AItESHI " " OUCHI 
tEXAS IHSTA\M(NTS INC 
SC GROUP HUMAN AESOUMClS 
1330 LBJ ""'fEW" Y. MIS &1.13. DEPT SfAO 
DAL.LAS, TUAS 1$l115 
P9-4OHE (2 14) 1"-654' F .... 1".) " 145631 

""ii~ ~ 
INSTRUMENTS 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 31, 1991 

Anny Staff Sergeant Speaks Out 
Against Alleged Discrimination 
• Peny Watkins discusses homosexuality and the military 
By NIIVNd Merchenl 
GUIIIdlIn FWpotter 

Although many institutions 
guard against discrirninalion on the 
basis of age, gender, disability, reli-
gion. and sexual orienlalion. the U.S. 
Department of Defense ignores the 
last policy on thai list. Enlisting as a 
homosexual may bea nearly impos-
sible task.. but. as U.S. Anny Staff 
Sergeant Pen)' 1. Watkins notes, 
once a homose"ual slartS serving in 
the Annod Forces, becoming ac-
cepted as an equal can be a battle in 
itself. 

Drafted in 1967, Watkins, now 
42, served active duty in the army 
despite the fact that he made it clear 
on his entrance documents that he 
had. in army terms. "homosexual 
tendencies ... 

After being sent to a psychiatrist 
whodeemed him "eligible foracti ve 
duty," Watkin served in the army 
as a self-professed homosexual. 
However. the Anny , unable to prove 
his gay Slaws, did not acknowledge 
his homosexuality, 

If the Anny did, in fact, ac-
knowledge Watkin ' homosexual-
ity, they would have discharged him. 
According to Watkins, the army 
believesthat"gay and lesbians have 

a propensity to commit acts of sod-
omy." 

Watkins explained thallhis con-
tenlion is "stupid because sodomy 
is gender neutral ... [and] gays and 
lesbians in the military should be 
judged on job perfonnance and the 
same rules of moral conduct (as 
their heterosexual countapar1S]." 

Watkins also coruends thai army 
officials justify their discrimination 
against homosexuals because "they 
do not want non-gays to have to 
won)' about being approached for 
sex." 

The irony of this protection 
clause, in Walkins' eyes, is that when 
he was assaulted by five of the men 
in his barracks in Virginia in 1969, 
the army chose not to investigate his 
reported assault Watkins recalls that 
the army's answer to him was that 
"the only crime was ... saying that 
you were gay." 

StiLI, the anny did not discharge 
Watkins. 

In 1980, anned service officials 
revoked his security clearance be-
cause they told him, "homosexuals 
are a security risk." 

Watkins took the anny to court 
and won because the army could 
not deny the fact that it had allowed 

-.r.:---,- - - - - - - - - - - - - - ..,.---..-

Watkins to serve after he professed 
his homosexuality. 

Though victorious in court, 
Watkins still feels that "the courts 
clearly indicate that they won't 
change the policy of denying en-
trance: of homosexuals to the De-
partment of Defense. 

"'The coons shouldn't have to 
take the initiative to change the 
poIicics," said Watkins. '1t should 
be the army or the Department of 

, , The issue is not one 
of sexual orientation, 
but this is an issue of 
blatant discrimina-
tion." 

- U.s. Army Staff 
Sergeant Perry J. 

Watkins 
Defense, or whoever wrote up the 
policy in the first place ... 

Watkins also strongly believes 
that civilians and students "hold the 
key in changing the policy." 

"TIle issue is not one of sexual 
orientation, but this is an issue of 
blarant discrimination," he said. 

Watkin illuminates his convic-
tion by pointing out the fact that the 
secretary of the U.S. Navy claimed 
thar "lesbians [in the military) are 
the top performers." 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELD & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

The argument against this "witch 
hunt," according to Watkins, is not 
necessarily the stereotyping of les-

I bians, but the elimination of quali-
I fied individuals who are doing their 
I jobs well. 
I "Why would you want to throw 
l out your top performers, because 
I top perfonners - by definition -
I are not problem causers?" Watkins 
I asked. 3211 Holiday cr. (_xtlo DomiNO'S Pl%%1I) • 452-9949 

M F 8'30·6 p m 
Sat 1·4 p m. W,th UCSO ' 0 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS. . I 
~~;::.. Call lor delails • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

NOI a 18/11lOflIIY WIler 10.1 : ~ celtulile and ItI8ICh mar1Is 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday ClI204 
455-0909 e.p. 3I1191 

1/2 OFF 
Penns ~ Highlights 

And all chemIGII work. Long hair extra. 
Flm·orne dlenl3. 
~ 5p«UJ1ze In aJllonns 01 hlshllshtlng oi 

coloring &. long hair perms. 

.alli II_II 
Manicures, Pedicures ~ Faclalsl 

4130 La jolla 
VIllage Dr. 
Suite 1208 
(next to Anthony's) 

457 .. 2004 
Open 7 days a week 

Exp • .l/24,'9 r 

Along with discrimination, 
Watkins pointed to economic issues 
which work against the current 
policies. 

Watkins explained that the De-
partment of Defense spends $40 
million a year to keep gays and 
lesbians out of the military. The 
money is spent on investigations, 
litigations, and expenses of training 
other personnel to take up the posi-
tions held by homosexual service-
men. 

"This is not a policy against just 
gays and lesbians, this affects ev-
eryone who pays taxes," Watkins 
said. "1be military spends $40 
million of tall money a year to lose 
perfectly good soldiers." 

Watkins believes that if univer-
sities across the nation do not allow 
Reserve Officer Training Corps 
[ROTC] programs to continue, in 
response to the Depanment of 
Defense's anti-homosexual policy, 
they will no longer see the policy as 
an asset but as a liability equal to 
losing at least one third of its offic-
ers. 

"If gays stay in the closet, they 
maintain this [anti-homosexual] 
policy as an asset to the military." 

Walkins will speak to UCSD 
studemsas pan of "An Open Closet: 

Lesbian.Gay,andBisexualAw~ 
ness Week" tomorrow at 8 p.rn. in 
Peterson Hall lOS. 

He will answer questions after 
his speech, and may attend the 
"ROTC Conference" on Sat., Feb. 
2, at the War Memorial Buildinl on 
Park Blvd. in San Diego. 

CIIOC'S 
CHOICE~ 
FRIDAY 
The Toasters To Play 
NextTG 
r.7 The Toasters, the intema-

~ tionally acclaimed ska 
band based in New York City, 
will be perfonning their own 
blend of rap, reggae, calypso, 
jazz, blue and a touch of NY 
humor on [he gym steps at 4:30 
p.m. 

SATURDAY '& 
SUNDAY 
36th Young Artists 
Competition 
r.7Young music ians and 

~ vocalists from San Diego 
and Tijuana will compete for 
cash prizes and the opportunity 
to perform with the La Jolla 
Civic University Orchestra & 
Chorus when they engage in . 
the 36th Young Artists Compe-
tition. The competition will be 
held in Mandeville Recital Hall 
with instrumentalists competing 
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Satur-
day and vocalists meeting from 
1-5 p.m. on Sunday. Each 
competitor will perfonn for 
approximately 15 minutes. 
Admission is free. 

'THURSDAY THRU 
SATURDAY 
Big Butt Girls, Hard 
Headed Women 

~The Sushi Inc. and Afri-
can Ame~an Museum of 

Fine Art present San Francisco 
actress/dancer/comedian . 
Rhodessa Jones in her newest 
solo work, "Big Butt Girls, 
Hard Headed Women." The 
production is based on her 
work as physical theatre spe-
cialist in the city and county 
jails of San Francisco. General 
admission tickets are available 
for $10 at the Times Arts Tix at 
Horton Plaza or by calling 235-
8466. The Sushi Inc. is located 
at 852 8th Ave., downtown. 

AKfS & ENTERTAINMENT 

• The famed French-
Canadian Cirque du 
Soleil as reviewed by a 
confessed clown hater. 
By Lara Heisler 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

Before I attended the opening night of 
Canada' newe L ver ion of "Cirque du 
Soleil," several people who had seen 
last year' production promised me, 
"You'll love iL. It' really neat - a 
circu without animals. There are these 
trapeze artists and contortionisL that 
will blow your mind - but it's the 
clowns who really teal the show." I wa 
guaranteed, "These clowns are 0 ex-
pressive, and 0 funny that they will 
have you rolling in the ai ]e. "De pile all 
the advance prai e, I remained kepti-
cal. Because, ashamedly, I'm a clown 
hater from way back. 

IneverthoughtBozowa funny. When 
I wa six, I went to a Ringling Brothers 
circus, and when the clowns came out, 
all the other kid were laughing. But I 
ju t didn 't get it. 

FESTIVAL OF ANIMATION 
By Mel Marcelo 
Staff Writer 

Since the emergence of Jessica Rabbit's 
bobbing cleavage, filmgoers have 

literally "come out of the closet" 
when it comes to animation. 
From Bart Simpson topost-"Star 
Wars" Japanese style films, 
animation has come a long way 

from simply being Saturday-
morning filler. Animation fans 

no longer need to hide their faces 
in embarassment when they talk about 

their fondness for the Little Mennaid. To 
wet the appetites of new animation fans, the 1991 Festival of 
Animation, currently running at the San Diego Museum of 
Contemporary Art in La Jolla, brings together a potpourri of 
international animation in a two hour package. 
The Festival's variety of animation is a 
feast for the eyes, but don ' ( 
expect "high art" ani-
mation. Most of the 

films target the viewer's eyes and funny bones. 
A few of the animated shorts from the 

United States and Britian would look right 
at home on television in the early hours.of 
a Saturday morning. "Simon," by Robert 
Lence, deals with the travails of a 
noseless boy; most of the humor 
emerges from the constant narra-
tion , The most entertaining 
animated short in the 
Festival rely on vi ual, 
not spoken infonna-
tion. to tell their stories. 



2 HIATUS 

Dances With Wolv .. 
Home Alone Green Card 

onc. Around Awakenings 
The Grifter. 
White Fang 

Centre 452-n66 
Flight of the Intruder Hamlet 

Awakenings Book of Love 
The Grifters 

Once Around 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
Green Card 
Godfather 3 

Dances With Wolves 
Home Alone 

283-5909 
Jon. 311 MoouIeur Hire I n.. T_ 

feb. 11 HIgh School ConfIcIen .... 1 
feb 2: WIld at ...,. I AItw Hour. 

f •• 31 1919 C- In .. matlo .. aI AdvertIaine festival 
I!v,trv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

u.-.# .... ~ Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
The release of Peter Gabriel's aptly titled greate t hits 

package, Shaking The Tree marics a much needed fir t in 
modem CD paCkaging. As per Gabriel's direct request, the CD 
will not be di tributed within the much-maligned longbox. His 
sale havesincedimini hed, incemanymajorrecord toresare 
only designed to stock the longbox version. Too bad fellow 
superstar Sting didn't get the hint. His new release, The Soul 
Cages is offered in the long box only as a special first edition 
pre sing. RighI. II seems Sting may be more concerned with hi 
sales than wilh saving a few trees. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Be on the lookout for Ari ta's Deadication, a collection of 

GratefulDeadcover ongs. Highlights includeJane Addiction 
for "Ripple:' Dwight Yoakam for "Truckin' ," and Lyle Lovett 
doing "Friend of the Devil." However, no one is slated to cover 
"Casey Jones" - but cenainly not for the lack of appropriate 
candidates. 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
How's this for 1991's most creative triple bill? Would you 

believe Neil Young with Social Distonion and Sonic Youth a 
an opening act? It's lrue, the "Ragged Glory" tour offers quite 
an interesting lineup indeed. There i no San Diego date yet, but 
we can hope that this incredible tour will come down to outhern 
Califomia ometime soon. 

By Bryan Dlas and Dave Linberg 

........... ~ ...... . 

12 for 1E~~ ~ 1 
• La Jolla CQlany 7770 Rege"'. Rd . # 108 (In the Von. ShOPPIng Cent.r) II "",10 pmSun..llUI.; • 
• 0'Ie coupon per customer EJopIr .. 2/3J'11. II am-II pm Hl. Sol. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Th~ UCSD Guardian 

CIRQUE 
Continued from H1 

( remember pasting a look of 
forced amusement and a consti-
pated smile on my face so no 
one would know my secrel 
di like for clowns. 

After all, my favorite clown 
was always Ronald McDonald 
- but I was really in it just for 
the burgers. So, you can imag-
ine my mind et going into Le 
Cirque. 

Our arrival at the Jack 
Murphy Stadium brought back 
an onslaught of old circus 
memories . 
First, there 
was the blue 
and yellow 
l;>ig-top. look-
ing impre -
ively fe tive 

in contra t to 
the pavement 
of the huge 
tadium. The n 

there was the 
trong, alty 
roeH of pop-

corn wafting 
througt the air 
and the 
noticible ab-

thralled with tM clowns, but I was 
more impressed by tM act which 
followed. 

After the clowns cleared the 
stage, the lights dimmed dramati-
cally, and lilting, hypnotic jazz 
filled the big-top. Five willowy 
contortionists (Nadine Binette, 
[ abelle Chasse, Laurence Racine, 
and Jinny Jacinto) formed' some 
ort of a knot in the middle of the 

stage. 
The crowd watched in awe as 

these incredibly lithe individuals 
did things with their bodies with a 
flexibilityrivalingPJasticrnan 's. As 
they twisted their bodie so that 

Thonday, January 31,1991 

Unfortunately, the clowns' 
performances separating the 
dare-devil 'acts were not up to 
par. While many of the clown 
acts staned out kind of cute. 
they had a tendency to drag on, 
causing many in the audience 
to squirm in their seats, or glance 
at their watches. 

One egment featuring 
Geoff Hoyle (who recently 
performed at the La Joll a Play-
house in "Don Quixote de La 
Jolla") as the clown character 
"Mr. Sniff," was particularly ' 
pathetic. Hoyle's physical jokes 

to stink after only a few 
moment . 

His act 
lasted entirely 
too long, ex-
tending a full 
unbe arab le 
twenty min-
utes. The in-
termi ss ion 
which came 
shonly after 
th is perfor-
mance was 

very timely. 
Fortunately, 
after the in-
termi s ion, 
the show re-

Photo by .... n-F~II Lebllnc sumed its e nce of the 
strong. stinky 
smell of circu 
animals . . . 

Contortionists Laurence Raclne-Choini~re, Isabelle Chasse, pre v i 0 u s 
Nadine Louis-Binette and Jinny Jacinto show their flexibility. standard of 

But perhaps the mo t atavis-
tic experience was looking at 
the faces of people as they filed 
into the big-top. Everyone -
regardles of age - wore a 
wide-eyed look of excitement, 
and a broad mile of either nos-
talgia or anticipation. 

As people ru hed to their 
eats, clowns wearing fanciful 

co tumes and clever make-up 
frolicked in 11">e aisles and sat 
uponun u pectin1specatators' 
lap, starting th! show before 
the lights went down. 

When the stage filled with 
clowns, officially starting the 
circus, l supres ed a groan. For-
tunately for me, the clowns 
didn't stay on tage for long. 
They energized the set, jump-
ing up and down and dancing 
all around, making bizarre 
clucki ng clown-noises. The 
whole audience seemed en-

they tood on one hand, legs 
wrapped around the backs of their 
heads while performing graceful 
movements with their free hand, 
jaws dropped in the audience. 

After watching these serpen-
tine pecimens on stage, I couldn 'I 
help but wonder how they used 
their talent offstage in their per-
sonal live . It seem~ as though 
there wasn't a muscle they couldn't 
master. [n my book, the contor-
tionists' performance, although 
somewhat freak show-esque in 
nature, was the most fascinating of 
the evening. 

That isn't to say that there 
weren't other incredible acts. The 
Korean Plank number, the Solo 
Trapeze, and the Aerial Straps, 
which featured a stunning he-man 
gliding through the air like an eagle, 
were all breath-taking in their cho-
reography and daring. These per-
formances truly made the first act 
fly . 

quali ty entertainment. 
When we got back to our 

seats, the stage had been trans-
formed to accommodate the in-
famousFlyingTrapezeacl. This 
segment was truly sublime. The 
music accompany ing the 
swinging, graceful, and death-
defying motions was an inte-
gral part of the performance. 
The whole performance:was 0 
well synthesized that the music 
appeared to inspire each move-
ment of the trapeze artists 
(Didier Antoine, Cecile Ardail, 
Chrisophe Lelarge, Amelie 
Major, Jea n-F ran~oi s 
Rogemont and Patrice 
Wojciecheowski). 

The beauty and fluidity of 
the artists' movements made it 
look as if they really could "fly 
through theairwith the greatest 
of ease." During this act, two of 
the trapeze anists plunged into 

See CIRQUE, Page 4 

Thursday, January 31, 1991 

ANIMATION 
continued from .H1 

"Vroom," from Norway, is drawn with a view 
from inside a peedingcar and works well without 
any hindering narrative. The animator conveys the 
driver's growing anger by reflecting his expres-
sive eye in the rear-view mirror. 

From the United States,thecomputer-animated 
"Panspermia" is two minutes of exqui ite imag-
ery. ··Panspermia"depict the pawningandgrowth 
of exotic plants on a planet after a eed pod lands 
on the planet' s barren urface. Thelnckofdialogue 
give you a chance to concentrate on the fluid 
animation. 

While viewing the Italian "Gra hopper:' try 
not to blink at the end. My favorile humorou 
hon, "Grasshopper" i wickedly funny and adi~­

tically gratifying. From the early squabble be-
tween cavemen to the annihalation of the Aztec , 
to the Cold War, "Gras hopper" give a calding 
history Ie son on war and the rise of civi lization. 
Unhi ndered by a narrative, the orchestrated music 
builds up in crescendo as the figures in the film 
behead, shoot and wipeeach other out-a fitting 
image in light of the current Gulf Crisis. At the last 
econd before the film' credits roll, keep your 

Th~ UCSD Guardian 

Great Britian 's equivalcQt of an Academy Award, the 
animated pi~ took seven years to make, The moon 
vistas in the last half of the film are eye-popping and 
the charming claymation is above the commercial 
standards set by the California Raisins.As funny as 
most of the shorts are, it's gratifying to ee films that 
break out of the Disney-kiddie-humor mold that mo t 
animated films confonn to. 

The Japanese woric "Tarzan," by Taku Furukawa, 
is the mo t tyl ish and futuri tic-looking piece. Named 
after a hip Japanese "Co mopolitan" magazine for 
men, "Tarzan" pokes fun at Japan' young affluent 
generation. Rich in pa tels and olid color, the anima-
tion is drawn in a vibrant minimali t style, with the 
figures and animals penned in harp, child-like angles . 
The outlines of the background and figures continu-
ally wiggle like tiny black wonn . (r1tenn of visual 
tyle and originality, "Tarzan" is the king of the 

Fe tiva] . 

eyes peeled a the camera focuses on a blade of 
gras - it's a scene that 's worth the price of 
admis ion alone. 

From Germany. the mo t haunting shon i Acad-
emy Award winner"Balance." With a brooding back-
ground oundrrack, "Balance" is a morality play on 
greed. Clad in numbered overcoats, six ghost-faced 
figures are trapped on a board that teeters whenever 
one of them takes a tep. Although themain theme is 
greed, it's not too hard to speculate the figures as 
representing countries, religion, or ideologie . Like 
its gloomy, unmarked background,which doe n't et 
a time or place, "Balance" is a timeless piece. 

If viewers are interested in the more peever e side 
of animated film , there i a howing at midnight to 
please this taste. The two-and-a-haJf hour screening 
includes such oddities as "Hello Dad, I'm in Jail ." a 
student favori te with music by Don Wa of Was Not 
Wa . Hand down, the crudest film i titled, "Quiet 
Please," and in pite of it's graphic nature has become 
a cult classic. The film shouldn ' t be described - it 

The most crowd-pleasing piece is "Denny Goes 
Airsurfing," the first animated film by SDSU 
senior Lance Kramer. The character in the piece 
are drawn with familiar Roger Rabbit and Bart 
Simpson bowling ball eyes; the music i made up 
of electric guitar riffs. Though mainstream in its 
appearance, "Denny" is extremely funny but too 
short al only IWO minutes. Returning from the last 
Festival of Animation, "Creature Comforts" is 
news program spoof of animals interviewed in 
their English zoo habi tats. Nick Park 's animation 
brings the animals to life-especially the mountain 
lion from Brazil. 

Running twenty-three minutes, "A Grand Day 
Out" took the longesl time to create. The winner of 

hould be seen. 
With its variety of visual styles and humor, the 

Festival will entertain anddelight any passive viewer. 
The stylized animated shorts might make viewers, 
expecting "Bugs Bunny" abandonment, to squinn in 
their eats; but as Je ica Rabbit has shown, animation 
is no longer limited to the kiddie crowd. Don't call 
them cartoons. 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

&~~£~~[L 
[Q)~~~@[N]~~ 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I.I~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r.. 8250 Camino Santa Fe ~ ,'9'='it Miramar, California 

(619)450-3323 

HIATUS 3 

NINE INCH NAILS To PLAY 
IGUANA'S THIS WEEKEND 

Trent Reznor's Nine Inch Nail will be at 
Tijuana's Iguana's this Saturday night at 9 p.m. 
featuring their latest release, pretty hate machine. 
The ablum ha been hailed by critic "a an 
amalgam of tyl and ound that stretche the 
imagination with its u e and abuse of the state of 
the art technology. Combining an enigmatic lyri-
cal :;tyle with one of the harde t-edged electronic 
grooves on vinyl , Reznor ubjects the listener to 
his emotive sincerity." Opening for Nine Inch 
Nails is San Diego's Sweat Machine. Tickets 
available at UCSD Box Office or call 278-TIXS. 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

Music For Your "Eyes. 

Thursday, January 31, 1991 

CIRQUE 
Continued from page H2 
the net below. It wa unclear 
whether these falls were staged for 
dramatic effect. or if Ihey were 
really accident - but either way, 
each ~rformer made .a magnifi-
cent recovery. 

The following act featured, once 
more, Geoff Hoyle. Fonunately, 
thi act I ted only a few minute , 
and it was much more entenaining 
than hi fir t (though I could have 
lived happily ever after without 
either). 

Following Hoyle's performance 
was an act featuring the Ru sian 
Bar. which to me looked orne-
thing like a balance-beam made 

....... ~ ..... 'I out of silly putty . The way the 
"Corporation" team did flip and 
leap from this bar boggled the 
mind. 

U2 LASERIUM 
\V!l,1l hdpp<:n.\ when you rni;... krypton ,Inti Mgon LI'l'r, wllh 
,Ollll' of (' 2\ gTca!c . .,! hit.\' You gel 
.111 Il1lfl'tiible ""l'r·ligh! e;...periellcc 
\\ 'e (dill! l '_ Ll~l'nllm You'!! clilil 
,l\Vl'\()ll1e . Ca II 231'1 I I (lR for \h()\\ 

A£UllEN I .. fl.EET 

SI'J¥~C-E-
!1I11l" Theil Will • 1» ' lor an c\.cfll! mEATER ANO SCIENCE CENTER 

I ;0' .11 <'C,un' " 11/1 "", oil 1 0 

UNIVERSITY EvENTS & 
STUDENT AcTIVITIES 
PRESENTS 

COMPETITION 

OK, WHO'S TIlE COMEDIAN? 
Eriter the Certs US. College Comedy 
Competition. You could win trips to 

perform at Spring Break in Daytona Beach 
and in a New York City comedy club! 

Here's How: 
• Prepare a hilarious three minute comedy 

routine (clean, of course!) 
• Win the campus and regional 

competitions 
• Be judged the best in the U.S, by National 
Judge JERRY SEINFELD 

The first ten contestants to perform get a 
free US College Comedy T-Shirt 

FEBRUARY 11 • 8PM • TRITON PUB • FREE 
----PERFORMERS SIGN-UP AT 7PM 

Even if you're not performing, come by just for laughs! 
US.CONCEPtSI c. ' 

. But, perhaps the mo t perplex-
ing and unusual act was Vassili 
Demenchoukov'sTowerofChairs. 
While holding what looked like a 
lighted birthday c ake, 
Demenchoukov precariously bal-
anced six chair • one on top of the 
other. while standing on one hand 
and waving the cake toward the 
audience. 

During this whole act, ] kept 
wondering, "What 's the trick?" I 
figured there had to be orne way 
- other than sheer balance - for 
Ihese chairs to remain in a tower. 
But. there were no tricks to be 
een. The act was imply amazing. 

The finale brought together all 
of the elements presented 
throughout the circu . Becau e, as 
you may have gathered, Le Cirque 
i not your ordinary circus. This 
production has a theme, and a mes-
sage. The story line, althoug h 
simple, is open to various personal 
interpretations. 

But this is my interpretation in 
a nutshell: A clown wearing a 
busine suit that is just slightly 
too small (played by DavidShiner) 
represents Mr. or Ms. Everybody 
in his search for authenticity and 
identity. 

When he comes across the other 
clowns and all the acrobats, he has 
to deal with their differences and 
foreignness. Our understanding of 
this character progresses as we 
watch how he interacts with the 
other clowns throughout the show. 
And in the finale, the audience is 
given a delightful surprise and an 
insightful message. 

After seeing Cirque du Soleil, J 
can' t say that] am now a clown 

. lover. But,like the Mr. Everybody 
clown, I now feel like have grown 
to appreciate the need for clowns. 
Notably, after the show, as the 
mob of people tried to exit the big-
top, there was a common thread in 
the audible comments. 

Everyone seemed to be prais-
ing the show, and the message 
coming out 10'ud and clear was 
expressed by one smiling woman: 
"This is the first ' time I've felt 
happy in the last two weeks. ] re-
ally needed that - what a break 
from CNN'" 

Her words ring so true. 
In this time of fear, war, and 

protest, everybody could use a cir-
cus. So. what the hell . Send in the 
clown. 

What: Cirque du Soleil 
When: Through Feb. 10 
Where: Jack Murphy Stadium 
Price: $6.00 to $33.50 
Tickets: Avialable through 
Ticketmaster (278-8497) and 
the Cirque box office (284-
1286). 

• 

Thursday, January 31, 1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 9 

POACHERS: Parking office cracks down on counterfeit parking permits 
Continued from pege 7 whetheror not the owner is present. 
marlcer and simply "move the black 
sticker from day to day," Hernan 
explained. 

Reasons for using phony per-
mits vary. Some students cannot 
afford student pennits, and by the 
same token, are financially forced 
to live in cheaper housing off 
campus, making commuting nec-
essary. 

"[paying] $200 per year is a 
joke when you have to parle a 
quarterofamile away and take the 
shuttle to your class," Savastano 
said. 

Recent construction has de-
creased the number of parking 
spots. which, according to 
Savastano, is "a way to get more 
money from students." 

" $2OOperyearisajoke 
when you have to park a 
quarter of a mile aNay 
and take the shJtde to 
your class, n 

According to Finnecy, "Any-
thing counterfeit is a $50 fine." 
This is done under the legal provi-
sions in the California Vehicle 
Code, Finnecy said 

The production of false permits 
is also a violation of the UCSD 
Student Code. It is considered a 
"theft of service," Finnecy said. 

iog fees can be partly attributed to 
cheaters who use up the limited 
parking spots illegally, 

Third College sophomore Mike 
Setlani does not believe problems 
with parking are caused by park-
ing permit cheaters. 

"People can do what they want 
as long as it does not affect me," he 
said. 

........ SavastalIO, 
Thrd Collage junior 

One student, who preferred to 
remain anonymous, said, ". thought 
I could get away with it." 

detect "anything out of the ordi- Among students who own per-
mits, reactions to the punishment 
for cheating on them range from 
indignation to apathy. 

Thecurrentparking systemdis-
courages students who plan to cheat 
on their permits. They may try to 
counterfeit penuits, but risk get-
ting caught. Finnecy said a student 
who was caught after cheating for 
almost a full year was "lucky," 
which "doesn' t necessarily mean 
he's right." 

nary." , Travis McNeal, a Third College 
junior. said he cheated "because 
it's cheaper." 

Counterfeiting pennits can also 
be a statement against the system, 
Savastano noted that the price of a 
regular permit has steadily in-
creased over the last few years. 

Regardless of the reason, one 
must pay a penalty for cheating the 
system. 

According to one parking rep-
resentative, who requested ano-
nymity, attendants simply try to 

Once a fake pennit is detected, 
the attendant calls his supervisor, 
who checks a computer listing for 
the vehicle. The attendant then 
contacts the police, who come to 
the scene to open the vehicle and 
remove the permit, regardless of 

"Cheaters think they are getting 
back at the school, but they are 
actual I y hurting other students," 
Third College junior Gina 
Zabloudil said, She added that ris-

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(Frer: co"sul/alion alld i"i/ial/l'f!a/me,,/15 min . 1201'fJlue. F1rs/·tlllle cllel/ts Dilly.)' 

CIotn 

Unclefamos 

Breast 

Stomach 

Bikini Une 
Fingers 

Legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American ll:ulLJI A~x:iJtion 
Jppro,,!d tnt!lhods ror prohlem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Mc(\'ca l and cosmt:tic dt!,·troly~is 
ror men and women 

• Female starr, state lic . techn icians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJoUa VIUage Professiotull Center Bebilld Elepb(/I/I Btlr 
8950 Villa LajoJla Dr. Sle. 2121 'E.rplros V2lV91 

~------------------------------.--------~~~ 

WIth Access Checking from the UCSD Student Clldlt UnIon, you won 't be nickeled 
Ind dlmed ID lilith, Unlike other Iccounll thlt dIng you I dollir here Ind tIIell, 
Access Checking ha no hldde. COlli. With I low mInimum bllince, your 
Iccount II FREEl If you do oecalonilly fill below the minimum, you'll only be 
charged $4. (Unle. you IIllIy fin below Ind oVlrdrew your Iccounll) 

• 

-

l1li, Access ChedJ", Acc.IIt FaIIIlfIS: 
• No service fie wIlli S400 or mOil 
• Earn dlYldendl on llliinee of $600 or moll 
• NO PER CHECK CHARGE 
• FREE ATM Ard 
• FREE ATM lece. It In STAR System (R) ATMs 
• FREE oyerdreft protection (upon IpproVlI) 
._FREE 24 hour Iccount lecea by phone 

Come In between classes and talk to I 
our friendly staff and be sure to 

ask about our 15.9% APR 
VISA credit card. 

"ltli I UCSD STUDENT I CREDIT UNION 
A .. "Ice ., AlUCID 
Lllalld III 1M DId Stud,nl e"II, 
TIll,,,,. 7,."..11," 'lid 
IlIfDnutlD, Cln"r. 413·5115 

II ... Inti F .. Arlllllljee! to ChI",1 
....... Prier IIotIcI 

TEACH FOR AMERICA 
interview spots available 

February 4th through February 8th 

Teach For America 
is a national teacher corps of 

talented, dedicated individuals 
from all ethnic backgrounds 
and academic majors who 
commit two years to teach · 
in urban and rural areas 

that have persistent 
teacher shortages. 

• Salary: $17,00-$29,000 
• Loans: Deferment (Stafford/GSL) or 
cancellation (Perkins/NDSL) possible 

To sign up for an Interview and pick up an application, 
stop by the Career Services Center. 

.. 



10 NEWS 

A.S. 
Continued from pege 1 
also told that one of the Price Center 
galleries would be available for the 
use of the AS., which prompted yet 
noother relocation of the meeting to 
the larger room 

Once senJed in their final loca-
tion, A.S. members V()(ed in favor of 
J resolution asking Atkinson to "take 
.11 po ible tepsavailable 10 prevent 
the City of San Diego from imple-
IIlcnl1ng an regulation that would 
bmll the number of adults occupying 
hC'rTJeS to dr.:'b zoned as ~ I n Ie fam-
'. neighborhoods." 

In Jdd1l1on the resolullon aI 0 
,lies, "the SU SO also opposes 

, lyaltem t by the ity Council to re-

classify rental of household units as a 
business transaction so as 10 prevent 
univer.ity students from living in ar-
eas zoned as single farniJy neighbor-
hoods." 

'The resolution comes in response 
to attempts by the City of San Diego 
to break up so-called "mini dorms" 
- groups of students living together 
in off-campus housing - in reaction 
to complaints in the community. 

A.S. Pre ident John Edson. c0-
author of the resolution . lold Ihe 
council that tkinson did not how 
inlerest in becommg involved in the 
proposed re tnCl\on~, but .,ald he felt 
he A.S. reo IUlion Will strengthen a 
Imllar resolullon p sed prevlou Iy 
y theCarnpu /Communt ry Planlllng 

Committee. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 31 1991 

WEDNESDAY 'S ASSOCIATED STUDENTS MEETING IN BRIEF 

AppolDtments APPl'OYed: 
• Patrice Donaldson as A,S. representative to the Committee on the Status of Women 
• Ahteri Foreada-Lowrie as A.S. representative to the Commillee on Undergraduate Scholarship and Honors 
• Wileen Wong as A.S. representative to the Securily Advisory Commiuee 
• Donald A. Bartolotta as Revelle College representative 10 the A.S. judicial Board 
• Monique Bugarin as Muir College representative 10 the A.S. Judicial Board 
• Jon Page as Fifth College representative to the A.S. Judicial Board 
• Patrick D. O'Malley as A.S. repre entative to the Leadership Development Committee 
• Andrea Hill as assistant stu em advocate 
• Veronica Mura am3 3 chalJ" of the A.S. Culture Quest Fesuval 
llocatlons Approved: 
• $1,387 from Media Unallocated to the V O! Frontema 
• 61 8 from General Unal located to The Ro al Brotherhood of Excellence for Sister 's Day events 
• 200 from General Unallocaled for External Affairs Letter Wnung Campaign Project 
• ~8 .438 from General Unallocated to 1991 Sun God Festtval 

Budget Approved: 
• 199 1 un God Fcsuv I Itn Hem ud et 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program. 
Now students can get the Card 
and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 
Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 
There' only one way t cover a lot of terri tory \-vithout 'pending 
J lot of money And that' by gett ing the American Expre Card. 
It' ,he only card that offer an exciting new tra el program 
exclu ively for tudent - including three roundtrip certificate on 
Continental Airline . 

Ju t I k at the map and pick the place)' u'cl like 
tovi it. If it' on your ide of the Mis i ippi River, you 
can u e a certi ficate to fly for only $129 f undtrip. Or, 
you can cro ' ,he Mi is ippi fOf $1 9 roundtrip. 

You have YOUf pick of more than ISO citi s in the 
--

4 contiguous tate . nd you can By almo t anytime- because 
there are no blackoLlI date . BlIt you mu t make your reservations 
with in 14 day of the day you leave. And the maximum tay i 
"' day. 6night and must in ludea aturday night. 

In addition to thi great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 
the benefits of ardmember, hip as well a other exclu ive student 
privilege . They include a quarterly magazine filled with in forma· 
live article on ummer jobs, careers, campu life. Plus valuable 
di coums from leading retailers. 

But remember, there' only one way to get all thi - and that' 
by getting the American Expres Card. Just call us (have your bank 

add res and account number on hand). What's more, 
with our pecial tudem offer, it's ea ier to get the 
Card now while you're till in choolthan it may 
ever be again. 

' 0 get the Ca rei. A nd get ready to cover new 
territory on either ide of our Great Cominental Divide. 

Mem/x>"b,p llas II Prll'i/eges 

CALL 1-800-942-AMEX 
!JyoII 'r. a lready a Cardlll l!m bf!r. ,bel e\ " 0 " lIed 10 call " iform aII01l aboul ),our cl!rlljtcalf!S 11 '11/ bf! arril '1II8 s001l 

11 SPOR.TS 

KEEPING SCORE ' ' 

Smelling Success is 
Sweet. II Sort of 
T HE FACT TIlAT mE INTER-collegiate and Recreational Athletics Advisory Com-
mittee (lRAAC) has been holding 
meetings to detennine the future 
of UCSD intercollegiate athletics 
bothers me. After all, such meet-
ings might eventually lead to a 
UCSD move from Division ill 
athletics to Division lI. 

Of course, there's a part of me 
that is very gung-ho about the 
whole thing. (Wait. r m rootingfor 
iRAAC? is Saddam on this com-
mittee?) Division II, a step up in 
respectability. No longer branded 
as a small-time school because 
we're on the lowest level of NCAA 
play. 

B UT then I think about the downside, and where weld 
beheading if we moved from Divi-
sion ill to Division n - in the 
direction of Division I. I can smell 
the rotten stink of big-time college 
athletics from here. 

College athletics at a Division 
ill level is a beautiful concept. 
Athletes compete solely for the joy 
of competition, while they attend 
classes and work toward degrees. 
Nobody comes to UCSD without 
considering academics first. 

A move to Division n is hardly 
a move to big-time college sports, 
but it's a move in that direction. 
Athletes could be given financial 
suppon based on their athletic 
ability. That suppon would be used 
as a recruiting tool. 

When UCSD began competing 
in Division m, the teams were 
rather unsuccessful. But over the 
years, UCSD has become a power-
house. Teams won't schedule the 
Tritons as opponents anymore -
they're too good for Division m, 
but Division n schools don't want 
to risk playing them fof fear of an 
upset. 

W E'RE caught between a rock and a hard place. 
UCSD is the best of its class - but 
hardly the best of the best. If an 
intramural team consistently wins 
A-class titles, it should move up to 
AA. Being the best of the novices, 
of the tiny schools, is hardly some-
thing to be proud of. 

So the logical step is, of course, 
to move to Division D. It's prob-
ably the correct step, too. But what 
happens when UCSD becomes 
respectable at Division ll? Do we 
make the logical move to Division 
I, the realm of big-time college 
spons? 

'IbII'sdle perilJ see with any 
move to Division D: it opens the 
door for ocher moves in die future. 

s.. DIYaoN I, PIIge 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardiaa Thursday, January 31, 1991 

Women's 
Basketball on 
Cloud Nine 
• The Tritons run their record to 
15-4 with tough 54-48 victory 
By Joel Kurzman 
Gu8ldian Reporter 

Women's basketball fans probably thought 
the rivalry between UCSD and Cal State San 
Bernardino was dead with all the new faces on 
both teams, but Tuesday night's battle at the Main 
Gym crushed that notion. The 54-48 Triton vic-
tory was an exciting display of physical and 
tactical basketball, the stuff rivalries are made of. 

After relying on an iron-curtain defense and 
tough inside play for their previous eight straight 
wins, the Tritons flirted with danger by straying 
from its bread and butter. But, once on their game, 
they rolled to victory. 

UCSD jumped out to a 6-0 lead, making it look 
as if the game was destined to bea Tritoncakewalk 
instead of a tight contest. But the Coyotes' three-
quarter court press temporarily befuddled the 
Tritons, who repeatedly struggled to get the ball 
acro s haJf-court and also sputtered on offense. 
UCSD forced several errant passes into the middle 
and aJso turned the ball over in the backcoun. 
resulting in numerous easy Coyote lay ups. 

The Coyotes' extremely physical play forced 
the Tritons to run their perimeter offense. which 
Coach Judy Malone admits is "limited." 

While UCSD struggled with its jumpsho(s, 
CSUSB's successful outside shooting kept them 
ahead for most of the first half. 

Bemadette Diepenbrock (center) tights for a rebound versus CSU San Bernardino. See W. HOOP, Page 14 

4gers Beat 
Tritons in 
Easy Three 
• Men's volleyball loses 
third match entering 
league play this weekend 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's volleyball team 
(0-3) leamed an important lesson in its 
Tuesday night loss to California State 
University, Long Beach - when you 
play a top-ranked Division I school, 
you have to play your best 

"We did not play very well," Head 
Coach Oscar "Digger" Graybill said. 
"When you don't play well against a 
Division I school like Long Beach, who 
is probably ranked first, second, or third 
in the nation, you lose badly." 

The Tritons fell to the third-ranked 
4gers in three games, 15-5,15-7,15-4. 

"We didn't play well and they ham-
mered us," Graybill concluded. 

UCSD had nine service receiving 
errors and five service errors in the 
three game contest and according to 
Graybill, these errors gave Long Beach 
14 opportunities to score. 

"Against good teams, when you 
make enors, they make you pay for 
them," he said. "You can't afford those 
kinda of enol'S." 

See ... V-BALL, Page 14 

Ikten IIonteIGuMIwI 
The UCSD men's volleybaH team lost Its third match this year 
to Division I powerhous6 CSU Long Beach In three gBtn8S. 

Hunting · 
For Stags 
• Preview: M. Hoop 
win streak at stake 
By les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's basketball 
team will put an eight-game win-
ning streak and its number to na-
tionaJ ranking on the line when it 
travels to face the 14th-rBrlked 
Claremont Stags tomorrow night 
at 8 p.m. 

Head Coach Tom Marshall 
thinks the contest will playa ma-
jor role in deciding whether or not 
the Tritons will host a first-round 
NCAA postseason tournament 
game in March. 

"[If we beat Claremont] we 
would have to fallon our faces the 
rest of the season [to lose a chance 
at hosting a first-round NCAA 
contest)," Marshall said. 

But, as indicated by the Stags ' 
14-1 record and its national rat-
ing, Oaremont will be far from a 
pushover for the Tritons, who hope 
to win a school-record ninth 
straight game at the Stags' ex-
pense. 

Despite the Stags' impressive 
numbers, Marshall thinksUCSD's 
tougher season schedule will pay 
dividends on Friday night. 

"We should be much better 
prepared for this kind of big-game 
situation." he said. 



12 CLASSIFIBDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth. education. prayer. socializing. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Students I 
502 Matthews; east of the Price Center. 
Call Rabbi Slotnick. 534-2521. (117-31 
15) 

"You can no more win a war than you 
can win an earthquake." Jeannetle 
RankWl (1880-1973) (1/17·212") 
Are you COLOR BLIND? Eam S5IhI' 
participating In experiments on human 
color vision. If you know or sulpllCt you 
are ooIor deficient cal Ethan. 534-2999. 
Dept. of Psych for more Info. Retum 
subjects welcome. (1/'''-'13') 
Revelle College Council mee1lngs are 
open to .. who are interested in finding 
ou1 more about what is happening at 
ReveHe and UCSO. Meeting Monday" 
to 5 p.m. at the Revelle Provost OffICe. 
(1122-1131) 
The best Mexican food can be Iound at 
La Salsa- in the Costa Verde shopping 
center. Check out the great deals on 
the meals. (117·211") 

DON'T BE A VICTIM OF CAR THEFTI 
Protect yourselfwilh the Viper JOOalarm 
system or the Hornet 715T. Also. 
professional window tinting and cat 
slereo installation. Ask for your UCSD 
discount at ADVANCED AUTO 
INSTALLATION. 279·2434. (112"·1131) 

LOW COST PSYCHOTHERAPY 
GROUP for men and women ages 18-
28 who have had dinicull childhoods 
and now want 10 take control of their 
lives and learn 10 be happy now being 
onered In North County. Call Julie Keck. 
M.A. (WlMFI4678) at Q<l3-1567. (1124-
214) 

MODERN ZOO Price Center 2121/91 
from 12:00-1 :00. Freel Available for all 
bookings. Michael 497-0362. (1128-
214) 

Hewlett P.ckard and NCR have hot 
Internships for CSE and Engineering 
majors. ASIO. 534-4689 nowl (1128-
2119) 

Boost your resumel Pick up an 
application for the Golden Key National 
Honor Society I at USB 4000 . 
Applications due March 20th. Juniors 
and seniors with minimum 3.4 GPA are 
eligible. (1128·3114) 

ASIO summer Internships II LA TlIMS, 
Interview Magazine, Academy TV 
Art.! Sciences, SF GUardlen. morel 
534-4689 (1131 ·214) 

Join Us "Under The Sea"- Revelle 
Semi-Formal TIx Available at Box Off. 
($12 belore Feb.l) (1131) 

JOBS 
POOL GUARD I: 

$7.33-$8.83/HR 
POOL GUARD II: 
$8.()4.$9.68/HR 

APPlY NOW for PIT summer 
jobs. No expo required. 

Pool Guard I • Min. age: 15; 
submit Amer. Red Cross Adv. 
Li fesaving or Lifeguard Train 
Card. Standard lsI Aid Ccn .. and 
Commun. CPR cen. or equiv. cert 
approved by CA DepL of HeaJlh 
Svcs. 

Pool Guanlll· Min. aae: 11; 
submil Amer. Red Cross Waler 
Safely lns1ruC. Cen. and one of 1he 
followinll: Arner. Red Cross Adv. 
Lifesaving or Lifeguard Train. 
Card. YMCA Sr. Lifesaving Cert. 
or equiv. Cen. approved by CA 
Dept. of Heallh Svcs. 

To apply or for more info contact 
Emplo)'lllellllnronution Counter. 
City Admin. JII4, Lobby, 102 C 

Slrece, s.n DMp, CA 92101. 
Pbone (''') lJ6..575J. 

City of ... DItCO 
EO( 

The UCSD Guarclian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for persofUll use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Motukly's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited 10 companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La JoUa, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

UCB presents ·1IrulI~ Friday 81 7 & HeIf price lleln:utal Call Shamon at SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer 
chiIchn· ... ~-...nand 
women whocantMcttchilchn to swim. 
swim tNm, beautiful pool and lakes in 
the northNst. Good ~. room & 

board.lnMlle~. Mllncall orwrite: 

9:30 In the Price Center. One Dollar. (1/ AIeuInIroSalon Iordetaill. 456-3707. 
31) Fir1t time dienta only. (1124-2111) 
Mind Control & The Cult Phe11Omt1101_ 
Leam what they do- learn how to 
defend against them-- Hear Steve 
Hassan- Author- Combatting Cult 
Mind Corrtr~ Tuesday, Feb.l2th-
4p.m .- Price Center Theater-
Sponsor- United Campus Ministry--
Info: 534-2521- Student Forum (1131-
2111) 

SERVICES 
Artists: Have your wort< documented 
for graduate school or for galleries. 
Reasonable prices. 455-6873 (1110-21 
4) 

Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Sludent Discounls . 558·4644/226· 
1962. (1 11 7-3114) 

PRO BARTENDER- Let me help to 
make your nexl party successful. Call 
Mati 558-8528. (111 0-217) 

TYPING II I'll type your term papers, 
etc. quickly and inexpensively. Laser 
printer. Call Jennifer 546-1856. (1122-
2121) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452-9949. (1122-616) 

Papers typed I Quick and afIordabIe. 
From S2/page. Call W Colony Resumes 
& Professional Typing.455-8357. Laser 
printingl 60 typestyles to choose from I 
One day service available. (1114-2114) 

DON'T PAY MORE FOR AUTO 
REPAIRI Low cost tune-ups. 011 changes 
($14.95), brake jobs starting at $24.95 
and much more. Close to campus and 
student discounts with Guardian ad. 
T&M Automotive. 695-2331 . (112"·11 
31) 

AMAZING COM IX is the only place to 
go for comlcsl Free discounts. games 
and cards, every comic is bagged. Open 
7 days with 4 coovenlent locations. 
Keamy Mesa store 576·8542. (1124-21 
4) 

SUMMER JOB 
CounselorslSummer Childrens 
Camps/northeasl. Top salary. 
Rm/bdll au ndry , travel allow-
ance. Must have skill in one of 
the following activities: archery, 
crafts, baseball, basketball, bi-
cycling, dance, drama, drums, 
fencing, football, golf, guitar, 
gymnastics, hockey, horseback, 
English, juggling, karate, la-
crosse, nature, photography, pi-
ano, rocketry, rollerblading, 
ropes, sailboarding, sailing, 
scuba, soccer, track, waterski, 
weights, wood. 

Metl tailor write: 
C .. p Wlnadu, 5 Glen LaDe, 

Mlmaroaect N.Y., 10543 
(914)381·59113. 

W_ CIII or write; 
C.p Yep. P.O. Box 1n1, 

DIIIbIry, MA 02332 (6l'7)9~ 

Typinglword processing - Fast. 
accurate. PIck up and delivery. Cal 
Sandy, 755-4316. (1124-1131) 

8mm TRANSFERIII ConvertSmmftlms 
to VHS. For one low pricel Call nowl 
619-272-0868. (1128-2128) 
PROFESSIONAL RESUME WRITING 
SERVICES, NORTH GOUNTY. Gain 
the attention of prospective employers 
with a professionally written resume. 
Editing and typing also available. For 
competitive rates call 481 -1037. (1128-
217) 
LET ME 00 ITI Need a flyer for that 
special evenl? Desktop publishing for a 
professional look at amateur prices. 
Also, newletters, invitations, etc. PickupI 
Delivery - 291 -1355. (1128-1131) 

TUTORING Math. Physics. 
Engineering, Computer Programming. 
Mark 221 -7176 (1131·2119) 

Belly Dance lessons (S51 Hr) . 
Experience Middle Eastern culture. Get 
in shape. (Sophia. 274-2038) (1131 -21 
") 

Word Processing. Laser Ouality. Cheap 
Ralesl I-Day Turnaround. Foreign 
Languages OK. Cathy 481 -3893 M-F. 
(1131-214) 

WORD PROCESSING. EDITING. $21 
page. free pickup & delivery. 7 days! 
week. Irma 453-6282 (1131) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word Processing with 
editing for reports. manuscripts. 
resumes. dissertations and letters. 
Student Rates. Modem. Laser printer. 
9·7 Mon- Fri. Weekend appointments. 
753-5964. 1521 Summit Ave .• Cardiff. 
(1131) 

WANTED 
Serious Entrepreneurial opportunity 
with financial freedom available. 
Ambitious individuals call 271-4940 or 
496-3325 for information. (11128-214) 

Clmp Wlnadu, 5 Glen line, 
Mamaroneck. N.Y. 10543 (914) 381 -
5983. Women cd or write: Camp Vega. 
P.O. Box 1771. Duxbury. MA. 02332 
(617) 934-6536. (117-217) 
SUMMER JOB. Temia Jobs- summer 
children'. camps-nor1heas1-men and 
women who can leach children in the 
00f1heas1. Good salary. room & board. 
travel expense. Women call or write: 
Camp Vega. P.O. Box 1771. Duxbury. 
MA. 02332 (617) 934-6536. Men call or 
Write: Camp Winadu. 5 Glen Lane. 
Mamaroneck. N.Y. 10543 (91") 381-
5983. (117-217) 
NttcI Cah? We dellverl Domino'. 
PIzza is now hiring for aI positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. If you are 
18 years old, have a validdrtvers license. 
auto Insurance. an excellent driving 
record. and access to a car. you can: 
Eam up to $101 hr. (total comp_) Enjoy 
the freeoom of being on the road, work 
flexible hours . APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
Ct. 452-UCSD. Please apply aIIer3p.m. 

(111~) 

TRIPLE YOUR INCOME. Make money 
fast. Find out how. Call 81M at 558-5789 
NOWIi (1114-2111) 
Being-Fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
instructors for Clairemont and SDSU 
locations. Call Lenny 81 483-9294 or 
698-1702. (1122-2111) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team 
of employees. cus1omef1. and suppliers. 
Successful applicants will undergo 
exlensive training. Average summer 
eamlngsrange$8-15.ooo. Cal "Student 
Painters" for information. 1-800-426-
~1 . (1122-3111) 
Part time job. Full time income. Your 
own schedule representing U.S. Sprint 
Long Distance. 525-7927. (1122-1131) 
Umpires Wanted for Spring quarter. 
Utue League. Close to UCSD. Exellent 
Pay. Call Bryan 279-9177. (1128-1131) 

"Tl'Nrl'l~l) 
MUIR 

FRESHMEN a 
TRANSFER 

ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 

Obtain a job referral form at Part·time Employment 
and bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS. 

Deadline for applications: Monday, February 4 
This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job. 

Thunday, January 31,1991 

Guitarist sought. we 're playing 
Wlnston·s. BacchInaI. Belly-Up. and 
need a talented player. Michael 497-
0382. (1128-21") 
Seek Rttiring UCSD secretary for part 
lime University City job. 4-5 mornings 
per week. Asst. Dir. of Non-Profit Inst. 
Knowledge PFS Write helpful. Phone 
I.m. 255-125t . (1128-1131) 
Wendy'sn:»rice Center. . . full and part 
time shifIa 8\laiIabie starting at $5Ihour 
+ free meals. Frierdy ~e­
shifts llexlble 8CCOfdIng to YOURcIass 
schedulel Ask for Sue at 450-9425: (11 
31) 
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN IN A BEAUTY 
CONTEST? " you are willing to share 
your experie1lC8to help out in a reeearctl 
project. pIeaIe call Sarah 81457-3893. 
(1128-214) 
LEAD GUITARIST WANTED - witl 
good rhythm knowledge and vocal abity 
for existing originaII birld. We have a 
place to practice. Call John F. 273-
2145 or John T. 452-6403. (1128-1131) 
FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM 
11000 In JUit one week. Earn up to 
$1000 for you campus organization. 
Plus • chance at S5000 morel This 
program worbl No Investment needed. 
Call 1-800-932-0528 Ext. 50 (1131) 
Medical and Graduate students-help 
tutor Medical Students in Basic 
Sciences starting March 19. 1991 . Earn 
$15/hr. Contact Dave Hacker 714-856-
4037. (1131 -314) 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay 
you to lose 10-29 lbe. in 30 days. All 
natural. 1-800-347·7584. (1131-214) 
St8tf Want.d: Roughin It Day Camp in 
S.F. East Bay hiring summer 19911 
Positions: Counselors, swim & riding 
instructors, water-front. environmental 
education. sports. transportation 
director. Experience, refs. Call (415) 
283-3795. (1131) 
EARN $1 001 Need healthy right-handed 
Caucasian males ages 18-28 for a study 
of the eyebIInk reflex. Study requires 3 
weekdayllialts to UCSD Medical Center. 
CalI543-2G6 for lnIormation. (1131) 
NEED MONEY? JUDGE GYMNAS-
TICSII AvetIQI $151hrby judging high 
school meets. Gymnastics experienoe 
not needed. but own transportation Is a 
mustl We'. train you if you call us. Patty 
587..()922 or Nina 274-2035. (1124-21") 
Aggressive. Dedicated Bass Player 
needed lor established HIWd Rock band. 
Loren 587-0109, Craig 558-2628. (11 
31) 

FOR SALE 
Futon - beautiful color. special frame. 
upgraded features. sleeps 2. New, 
saaifIce $11 O. can deliver 226-1398.(11 
10-1131) 
IBM 286. 30 MBHD, W.P.5.1.AutoCAO 
10.0, more. $6OM)est. Must sell. Marc 
587·2176. (1117-1131) 
Jeep Laredo CJ7 1981- 4 Speed, 4 
cyl, 51 K, very clean, runs strong, Soft 
Top wlHard & Soft Doors, PS, PB, CB, 
Stereo, $5,000. Call Darold 271-6811 . 
(1117-2111) 

Thursday, January 31, 1991 

New-Never Used Epson Printer-$I99. 
New Huron Mounlaln Bike-$150. 
Honda Express Moped-$3OO, Toshiba 
VCR--$2oo. 459-1188. (1117,1131) 
Futon and frame $100. bed $70. Can 
deliver. 268-0814. (1122-1131) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks. 4whee1ers. TV!. 
stereos. furniture. computers by DEA, 
FBI. IRS and US customs. Available 
your area now. Call 1-805-682-7555 
Ext. C-1199. (1122-1131) 

FUTONS BY WEIGHT. California 
Administrative Code-TItle " Chapter 3. 
Article 2. Section 112G. D·lo-requires 
a futon's filing net weight be known. 
We add ticking (natural) and sell futons 
for $1 .401 pound. (Gross weight on our 
sealed Detecto scale.) An 8" queen. 70 
pounds. 6 layers. is $98. The number of 
layers in a futon is hogwash. Always 
know the weight to compare shop and 
be sure. For poIyc:ore add $22 (5210). 
Roth·s Warehouse. 4807·F Mercury 
Street. Thursdays, 12-7 p.m.; Fridays, 
12-6 p.m .• Saturdays. 10 a.m.-5 p.m .• 
Sundays. 11 a.m.-" p.m. 292-4673. (11 
7·2125) 
REPOSSESSED VA. HUD HOMES 
available from govemment from $1 
without credit check. You rapair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures. CAlL 1-
805-682-7555 Ext. H·I443 for repa lisl 
your area. (1122-1131) 
1984 Subaru GL. 4WD. Auto. AC. PI 
windows. PS. tilt. AMlFM cassetle 
stereo. sun roof. low miles - only 
58,000, excellent condition, only $3395 
(will negotiate). 277-2940. (1124-21") 
Macintosh Plus wI exlernal BOOK drive 
and extended keyboard. $5OO/OBO. 
535-1679. (112"-217) 
CAMERA. Nikon 8008 body with 
warranty. $400 OBO. Nikkor AF 35-105 
F3.5 $300 OBO. 792-0658. (1124-1131) 

BICYCLE- Columbia Beach Clipper. 
Excellent campus or beach bike. Black. 
Great condition. $75. Andy 534-1804. 
(1131-217) 

HOUSING 
Del Mar Condo . 2 brl2ba, fumished. 
pool. spa. utilities. beach. $425 first. 
$850 thereafter. 931-6977. (117-2125) 

North La JoilalUCSD - Roommates 
wanted to share trHevel condominium 
in La Jolla ViUage TeMis Club. MlF 
non-smoker. own room. fully carpeted. 
share full bath with one. $3751month-
lease is negotiablel Only 314 mile 10 
campus. Pool. jacuzzi. tennis courts. 
Jesse 455-1708. Available immediately. 
(1124-1131) 

Own room in nice 4 bedroom house, 
UTC area. Laundry. fireplace. $2701 
mo. plus 1/4 util. Contact John. Wendy 
or Robert 450-0806. (1128-1131) 

Male roommate wanted to share 
luxurious La Jolla Colony condo. Own 
bedrmibthrm. $450, utilities included. 
979·3745. (1124-214) 

ROOM FOR RENT in Pacific Beach 
townhouse. Availablela" March. $360 
for single. $200 each for double. Call 
Don or Tony 581-3323. (tI28·2111) 

Single room in Clairemont. 216.251 
month. Close to shopping. Last month 
deposit. Call 274-9242. (1128-1131) 

Fabulous home in Clalremont in 
neighborhood over-looking MB. Two 
rooms avail. $290 each + 114 uti!. Safel 
Suprisingly nice & inexpensive. All 
household amenities. Call now Jim or 
Chandra. 273-5758. (1128-2114) 

Mira Mesa. Responsible female to share 
1977 Toyota Cellca. Reliabie. good 3 bedroom home 5260 own room. Call 
running condition $875. Frank V'rtale Joy 578-6523. (1128-214) 
452-6121 (leave message). (1128-214) 
SALE Y AMAHA200x scooter. exceRenl 
condition. Only 3 months old. 176 mi . 
$2450 O.B.O .• call David <450-6811 . (1/ 
28·214) 
Jane's Addiction lickets for Universal 
Amphitheater and Golden Hall call 535-
0744. (1128-1131) 
Snowboard - Burton Cruzer 165-cm. 
- like new $200. Wetsuit - Victory 
Smoothie -52 large $100.944-5741. 
Brian. (1128-1131) 
NEED sunglasses. sweats? $200 credit 
at Pacific Eyes & rs for only $150. Jeff 
488-7426. (1128-1131) 
BMW Bavaria 71 . Good cond" runs 
great. $2000 obo. Call 558·2343. (11 
31-214) 

Roto-toms. 6" 8"1 0". Never used. $1 00. 
Jon 552-8572. (1131) 
Brand New Skis. Olin TOS SR 190's 
with Salomon 557 bindings. Best offer 
558·1303. (1131-211) 
SCUBA GEAR- Mares Scuba mask, 
idi snorkel. idi Power fIlS. Steal for $40. 
Andy 534-1804. (1131-217) 

Roommate Wantedl Five min. 10 
UCSD. Own room w/patio. spacious 
condo wi fireplace. $3101 month + 
deposit and 113 utilities. Female non-
smoker preferred. Fresh bread baked 
daily. DonnalMonica 453-4503. 535-
3040. (1131 -214) 

Female Roommate wanted for 2 
bedroom 2 bath La Jolla Apartment 
available Mar. 1 st- Call 481-1544. (1/ 
31) 

LaJoila Colony Male or Female Wanted 
to Share Twnhouse. Two Miles from 
UCSD. NonSmoker. No Pels, Washer. 
Dryer, $355. Call 546·7685 or 454-
5544 or 546-0460. (1/31) 

Female Roommate Needed! Room & 
Beth in a Large New House in Scripps 
Ranch. Less than 15 min. from UCSDI 
amino from Lake. Non-Smoker/NoPet. 
$45O/mo.lncI Utilities. 558-1125 (1131) 

Male/Female nonsmoker to share two 
bedroom fumished apt near campus. 
Pool. Jacuzzi. CanyonView. $350/mo. 
112 UtUities, No Pets. Available Feb. 1. 
Contact Unda at 558-9025. (1131) 

1lIE DIRECT ROUTE TO 
CAREFR sucass 

LFADSTO 
AIR FORCE ROTC. 

Many college students have 
no idea what they will do upon 

graduation. 
No such confusion for Air force ROTC 

cadets. who have taken the direct route to 
career success. They're learning leadership. and 

preparing managerial skills they will use all their lives. 
They're taklng more responsibility, and gaining a greater 
sense of 'self: On graduation day, they'll celebrate another 
milestone: becoming an Air force officer. 

How about you? Call 

DEPJ' OF AEROSPACE S11JDIES 
(619) 594-1098 

The UCSD Guardian 

Room for Rent in 4-bdrm University 
City Home. $3201mo. + 115 utilities. Call 
455-9580. Ask lor Stacy or Mariam. 
Leave Message. (1131 ) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST roll of exposed film (35mm. B& W) 
near "Stonehenge" Saturday Jan. 19th 
- REWARDI497-0362. (1128-1 /31 ) 

LOST CAT -LiGHTORANGEFemaie 
long hair $100 reward "OPIE: Mesa 
housing area. Jack 558-0938. (1128-21 
28) 
WATCHtoundon 1123191 between USB 
and Mayer Haft. Call <457 -2184 to identify 
and claim.(1131) 
FOUND: Women's jacket in HSS 1330 
late in the week of 1114. Identify and 
claim at UCSD Police. (1128 -214) 

FOUND: Black Jacket. Friday night 
Mandeville Suite. Call for IdentifICation 
558-6599. (1131 -214) 

PERSONALS 
Roger. with all my heart. I want you to 
be mine. (1122·217) 
Powder and Sunl You can have both 
in Jackson Hole with RISCI Call 534· 
<4482 or 273-21451 (1124-1131) 
LEAD GUITARIST WANTED - with 
good rythm knowledge and vocal abilify 
for existing originals band. We have a 
place to practice. Call John F. 273-
2145 or John T. 452-6403. (1128-1/31) 
UCSD Greeks: save time, money, and 
two trips to SDSU. Greekwayer Rep. 
will be in Price Center every Wednesday 
11 :00-1 :00. 10% off all swealshirt 
orders I Delivered to meelings or Price 
Center. Also on sale - novelty items 
lor every UCSD sorority . new and old. 
Come buylll (1128·1131) 

Hey PiPhisl Catch the spirit and get 
excited for Derby Daysl Love, your 
coaches. (1131 -217) 

Alpha Omicron Pi - Thanks lor the 
Fifties Bash. You were the greatest I 
Brothers of Della Sigma Phi (1131) 
Sigma Kappas, get psyched for Sigma 
Chi Derby Daysl We're on our way to 
lIicIory. Love. Coaches Steve and Geoff. 
(1131 ) 
Deadline for Warren College Resident 
Advisor Applications is 4:30p .m. 
TODAY, 11311 (1131) 
Bored at UCSD? Join RISC staff and 
have a blast! Applications now In RISC 
officel (1131) 
Workl Study abroad this summerll INFO 
SESSION THURSDAY 1/31 1 :30-
3:00p.m. INTERNATIONAL CENTER 
CONFERENCE RooM.(1131) 
To the terrorist of VA 111 -I want you 
so bad iI's driving me mad. (1131) 
Woodpecker - Thanks for taking care 
of me. Just don't blow anything upl -
Imp. (1131) 

kmk~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific leach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT _ -
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUAliFIED STUDENTS 
O'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 Balboa Avenue, Ste . 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

00 YOU SUFFER FROM 

ASTHMA? 
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR CUNICAL DRUG STUDIES. 

ALL TESTING AND MEDICATIONS ARE FREE. 
OUAllAED PARTICIPANTS WIll BE 

PAID UP TO $800 FOR PARTICIPATION. 
CALL 438-3988 

(ASK FOR KEllY OR JANET) 
WAIIII£1C W. PIBIow, M.D. A5II. _ AlDGY TlIWlI£Nl wi RooIICk AssociArioN 

HAIRCUTS 
by Mark 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
M_ $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircur $50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

For appointment please call 457-2930 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 

OrR ~~ 
Study 
Abroad 
In 
Australia 
Britain 
Ireland 
New Zealand 

• (I 

Carolyn Watson, 
representing the Butler Institute 
for Study Abroad, 
will meet with students 
interested in 1991 -92 programs 
for undergraduate studies in 
Australia, Britain, Ireland & New 
Zealand at 1 :30 p.m. on Friday. 
1 February in the International 
Center Conference Room. 
For further information 
please contact the 
International Center a-018; 
telephone 534-1123 
& 
Institute for Study Abroad: 
Butler University, 
Indianapolis, IN 46208; 
800·368-6852 ext 9336 

OPPORTUNITIES 
AUSTRALIA 
at nine universities 
GREAT BRITAIN 
at 19 universities & 
polytechnics; INSTEP, 
Cambridge & London 
IRElAND 
at three universities 
NEW ZEALAND 
at two universities 



USPORTS 

w. HOOP 
Continued from page 11 

Despite thei' outside shooting 
woes, the Tritons oon regained 
the advantaft! over CSUSB, due 
primarily to the sol id play of point 
guard KathJeen Alvarez. 

Alvarez was able to olve the 
Coyotes' press, and put the Tritons 
in the driver' seat by returning the 
team to its normal game plan of 
banling in the paint. 

Due to limited bench strength, 
the Coyote quickly tired and were 
forced to switch to a zone defense 
with seven minutes left in the first 
half in an anemptto stop the Tri-
tons' already-composed inside 
game. 

UCSDwent into halftimedown 
by only two, 30-28, thanks to 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

·Sf.N1)lll1! EImOY Dr' "" 8 1(2-1Y It" SHorr 01' 
'uo Al.OHO wrrn you. NAN!. YEAR IN SOfOOI... 
ItOIot£roWN. CXJt,U;O& YOU AnfJ<D AT UCSD. >WOIt. 
AKD PItONE KU ..... TO: Srootrs EoITOlt. UCSD 
GUARDWI. 9500 GII./o"'" O,l/VI! 0316. LA JOlLA. 
CA 92093.0316. You CAN ALSO 0001' 1T0f1''''"11! 
SroaTS Eorroa's .ax AT mE GU.U.DlA"'I 0fl'1CE. 
LOCATED lNTKE SllIDENT Cf.HTU. ACIOSS fJtON 1lt£ 
OYM. 

·Au. UCSD S'ruD£HTS. STAI-". AND PAC\Jl.TY 

AJvarez's clutch three-pointer at 
the end of the first haJf. 

In the second stanza, ferocious 
inside play took its toll on both 
side ,as both squads' centers were 
continually hindered with foul 
trouble. 

Triton center Lisa Beaver ap-
peared flu tered by the Coyotes' 
sagging man-to-man defense that 
constantly double-teamed her. 

The Tritons' superior depth 
quickly made itself apparent, as 
Beaver's hiatus following her 
fourth foul did not hun UCSD's 
offense. 

Indeed, players and coaches 
aJike agreed that UCSD is not de-
pendent on anyone player, but is 
effective because of a full team 
effort. However, Alvarez's play 
stood out Tuesday night. 

AI.£. fUOlIl..8 TO f.H'T'D.. PJ(Cur FOI. CiUAJU>tAH STAFF 
MElOIa.S AND I!M'\.OYU3 Of' BJ ' s 00cA00 PIzzaJA. 

·THo PUSOH WHO co_ lI' "'"' ". NOn 
coaa.ecr ANSWD.S. AS DErU.MlHED IY THE J\JDOES, 
wu. .. DI5Cl.Aa£D n-. ORAND "lilE ow ....... AND 
wu. N IfCOClNIZFJ) WlEN one QUIZ ts .,..",-m ntI 
f()U()~ WIEEI. lN n.: EVENT O/l A TIl. It. DIlA WD<! 
WU .. HELD TO D&'TU .... n. w..,... THOSI 
COUIiCT f.H1"a1lS NOT SIiUC'1'Y.D AS nt! OIlAND"-IZII 
WINND WUII CONSIDUED IUNNfAS+Ur. 

~Y 01<1 IHnY ... ...- PO OU~ No 
1OASS-ftIOOUCU) EHT'lIES WIU II ACCU1'£D. E>muEs 
..,.,. .. AT'" GuAADW< IV HOOH WE.llf<Ul),O\ V. 

.n. 0AAND"1lI! WI'olNU W1J. IJiC£IVI It. f'I.E& 
DIN"" I'04l TWO AT 81's CHICAOO P,US.,A. 
IlllM'u's-u, wu aECEJVE It. FlEE m"CHEI ()IJ 
MIO<ELO. DoAPr ,_. "" ""'A. AT 8J·s. LOCAlm 
II LA Ja.u. VIU.A(I! SQUAJU!. A USTOI' AU. ........... 
Will II! rosTfD AT 8J's eACH WEU AND WINNEAS 
NEfI) TO SHOW I.Df..HTIP'ICAT'lOH 10 Cl.AlM ,.IZU. 

This week' questions: 
I. What female tennis player won 
the Au tralian Open this year? 
2. Who was the MVP of Super 
Bowl XXV? 
3. What Buffalo place kicker 

The UCSD Guardian 

AJvarez provided clutch play at 
both ends of the coun. She broke 
the press and set up the offense, as 
UCSD outscored the Coyotes 26-
18 in the second half. The Tritons' 
urge was powered by its inside 

play while the defense stifled the 
Coyotes' attacle, holding CSUSB 
to 22 percent shooting from the 
floor. 

UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone commented that AJvarez's 
inspired play was the key 10 the 
Tri tons ' ninth consecuti ve victory. 

"When we needed a score or 
something else, [AJvarez] did it," 
MaJone said. 

AJvarez finished with 12 points, 
six rebounds, and dished out seven 
assi ts in 34 hard-played minutes. 

After watching game tapes of 
CSUSB, UCSD expected to be 

missed a last-second 47 yard field-
goal attempt last Sunday? 
4. What Padre infielder/out-
fielder just signed a contract for 
oneyearwitha salary of S87S,OOO? 
S. Which footbaJl Hall of Fame 
legend died recently? (Hint: his 
nickname was " the GaJloping 
Ghost") 
6, Who won the most money in 
last weekend's Senior Skins 
Game? 
7. Who is the leading rebounder 
on the UCSD men's basketbaJl 
team? 
8. What university did New York 
Giants running back Ollis "OJ." 
Anderson attend? 
9, What 4ger kick retumer was 
named to the Super Bowl's 25th 
anniversary All-Star team? 

chaJJenged by the Coyotes' strong 
inside attack. 

Prior to the game, MaJone said, 
"It' going to be a tough game ... 
(but) we just want to focus on 
playing good basketball." 

But the Tritons didn ' t seem to 
know the pre s was coming. 

SeveraJ times, UCSD rushed 
upcoun and forced-passes into the 
paint that weren'topen during their 
troubled first half. 

SeveraJ key statistics told pan 
of the game's story. UCSD's team 
play was apparent, as all five stan-
ers had comparable numbers in the 
scoring and rebounding columns. 
As a team, the Tritons outboarded 
the Coyotes 47-36. 

With the win, the Tritons kept 
their hopes aJive for a berth in the 
NCAA tournament. 

10. What male tennis player won 
the AustraJian Open this year? 

Last week's questions: 
1. Where did San Antonio Spurs 
center David Robinson attend 
college? Navy 
2. What San Diego Chargers 
running back recently announced 
he wiIJ not play in the Pro Bowl? 
Marion Butts 
3. Who won the 1990-91 Bert 
Bell A ward as the most outstanding 
player in pro football? Randall 
Cunningham 
4. Who is the new head coach of 
the New England Patriots? Don 
MacPherson 
5, Who defeated Steffi Graff in 
this year's AustraJian Open? Jana 
No\'otna 

Thursday, January 31, 1991 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 11 

However, UCSD did put in 
some good performances. Lamson 
Lam and Gerry Goldstein led the 
team in kills, crushing 12 and six 
baJls, respectively. 

However, UCSD's intensity 
was low and CSULB's was high. 

" It wasn't really competitive," 
Graybill said. "We weren't really 
into the match. 

"It makes us reaJize we have to 
play at a high level or we won't be 
successful," he said. 

The Tritons - who are two-
time defending Pacific Coast Vol-
leyball Conference champions -
open their league play this week-
end with three matches in North-
ern CaJifornia. 

6, Who was the 1988 American 
league Rookie of the Year? WaU 
Weiss 
7. Who is the head coach of the 
Boston Celtics? Chris Ford 
8. Who is the generaJ manager of 
the Buffalo Bills? BW Pollan 
9, What two teams played in 
Super Bowl XX? New England 
and Chicago 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD women's basketball team? 
Judy Malone 

Last week's winner: 
Vadim Vorobyov, Warren, sophomore 
QEDS - Los Angeles 

Runners·up: 
List posted at 81's 

Mlill1M,1il CYCLES 
SALES • SERVICE • APPAREL & ACCESSORIES 

SAME DAY PERSONALIZED SERVICE ON MOST REPAIRS 
MOTORCYCLE INSURANCE AVAILABLE 

MILITARY & STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
MOTORCYCLES 

• SCOOTERS 
• WATERCRAFT 

• ATV'S 
AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR 

9555 BLACK MOUNTAIN RD. WET· BIKE & SEA FLASH 
"IN MIRA MESA" 

578·7510 
MON.-FA!, 8-7 • SAT. 8·4· SUN. 10-4 

NOW OPEN 

WE SELL 
QUALITY USED 
MOTORCYCLES 

...... IDEO GALLERY 
'\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

Biggest SELECTION in the Area • Free Parking 
NEW RELEASES: DIE HARD" • THE FRESHMAN 

• NAVY SEALS COMING SOON: FLAT LINERS 
• DAYS OF THUNDER . CINEMA PARADISO 

----------------------Bring This Ad to Rent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expires 2/7/91 
---------------_ .... _-----

8750 GeneSBee in the COBta Verde Center 
near the Soup &-claa,.,e- 460-1768 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs.ll am·9 pm /Fri.-Sat. 11 am-lO pm 

" 

o 

THIS MAY BE 
THE PROGRAM 

FOR YOU ... 
UCLA Masten/Credential Program 01' Teacher Credential Program 

The Teacher Education Laboratory of the UCLA Graduate School of 
Education is pleased to offer a program during 1991·92 in which students 
may simultaneously earn a Masters Degree and a Teaching Credential in 
four quarters of study. 
The Teacher Education Laboratory also offers a Teacher Credential Program 
in which students may earn only a teaching credentiaJ in three quarters. 
The Teacher Education Laboratory is seeking a diverse group of applicants from 
a variety of backgrounds and fields of study. Interested senior and graduate 
students are invited to submit applications for either the Masters/Credential 
Program or the Teacher Credential Program before the April 15, 1991 deadline. 
The Graduate School of Education also offers financial aid packages -
including the prestigious $6,000 Dean's Scholarships - for TEL students. 

For more information and 10 receive an application bm please contact: 

Tlte Dnlce of Student Services • 201 Moen HIli • (213) 825-132& 

Thursday, January 31,1991 

DIVISION II 
Continued from page 11 
Divi ion II status won ' t bring 
would-be profes ional athletes -
ones who would rather u e the uni-
versity as a scouting tool than an 
academic in titution - to UCSD. 

On the contrary, Division n sta-
tus will allow the members of 
UCSD athletic team to be chal-
lenged once again, and will com-
pensate some athletes for the time 
they put in representing the school. 

On that level, Division II i fine. 

The UCSD Guardian 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ " 

7rJM's Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \fIN and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

an option to buy later. 
One has to con ider the entire 

DISCOUNT-
wrth Ihls ad • Expires 2/14/91 

It's not as if UCSD would be ell-
ing its soul if it moved out of Divi-
sion m. But it could give the devil 'I 

'Must pc"lOOr coupon end IIOId OCSO ro or IMe of esrrnor. idea of college athletic , too. Col- I NotlIOId will> mctjO< eng .... at fl onst1'lSII.Jn repa<. 
lege i ,first and foremost, a place _,-t : C.All CRAlIFSORCNIA 
to learn. Athletic are imply an I .. I I 
outlet, a fun th ing to do - nothing CD I 45 0 9494 
more. The philosophy of Division I l::= : ,~,~;,;;.~. I 
III is athlete-oriented. Divi ionO's I I 
philosophy involves. erving the E . _ I 
public. That mean "big-ticket" I 
sports like basketball. baseball. and L1. If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them JI 
football. (Well, maybe not foot- About US; It They Hoven't Discovered 
ball ... though you never know .... ) Us Yet Ask Us For References . . 
SmaJlersponscould be overlooked. ' 
It' s a di sturbing trend . 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

Division I] can be seen simply , --------- ----- ------
as a way of increasing competition 
and of compensating athlete for 
the work they do. I have no prob-
lem with that. 

But what happens after we move 
there? What happens if and when 
we become too big for Di vision I]? 
Do we sell our academic souls? 

The mell of Division I] is dif-
ferent from the pure cent ofDivi-
sion DI, but it's almost as sweet. 
But I worry that the sweetness could 
one day become the sick smell of 
academic and moral decay that 
emanates from such honorable in-
stitutions as UNL V and SMU. 

ERRATUM 
In the Jan. 22 issue of The 
Guardian, it was incorrectly 
stated that the men's 
basketball team had the 
highest GPA of any UCSD 
team (2.78). The team's 
correct GPA is 2.75. The 
highest team GPA (3.21) 
belongs to women's cross 
country. The Guardian 
regrets the error. 

L-__________________ ~ 

ENGINEERING 
INTERN 

LORAL INSTRUMENTATION. a 
dynamic high technology 
electrical design and manufactur-
ing company, currently has an 
Engineering Intern opening. 

" 
The successful candidate. under 
the direction of a Design 
Engineer, will be responsible for 
product support, debugging, 
testing and other software-related 
tasks. 

Position requires knowledge of 'C' 
programming and Uni •. Knowl· 
edge of assembly programming 
and digital electronic circuits is a 
pius. Senior in BSCS is prefer-
able: This is a part-trme position. 

-c.- .--...., 
r~ •••••••••••••••• 

1 \ .' - Buy one single sc:oop FREE I , ~'. fl Ice cream cone from 
: ,. =:;:';~~: ~:.a:c::rtor El~r •• 2/14/91 : 
• ••••••••••••••••••••• 

SPORTS 15 

~-----------------------

SAVE I!! 
40% ON 
ALL BAGGIES 

• Choose from. the largest selection of the 
most totally hip baggy pants anywhere! 

• Hottest colors, styles, and designs! 
With coupon only thru 2/3/91 

Coupon price taken from legulor price not sale price 

-w'j)a(;iii(; ~y~s & T'5 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE . 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. #401 .535·0365 

------------------------

tnterested candidates should 
send resume 10: 

LORAL~TRUMENTAnON 
ATTN: Professional StIffing 

8401 AMo Orlv. 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bring thIS ad. Offer exp,res 311/91 & 8680 

• 11_"1 

Sin DIego, CA 92123 

AAlEOE 

Mon.·Fri. 8-5 
Sat. 9-2 695·2331 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

AUTOMOTIVE 
Only 7 miles Irom UCSDI Take Miramar Rd. lell on CamIno RUlz. then leit on 

Mrralani Drive, up hrll to 8680 Mrralanl Or, SUite #101 In back, 

ucso 
• 2 

W VltlllJl Dr. Il lromar Rd, 

L-_________ --I L _________________________________________ __ .J 

-

., 

c 

-



16 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD SUPERSTARS 1 91 

UCSD Superstars is Sweetly 16 
In a univer ity elling where tradition come by 

the hard and hard, it refre hing to find that there 
is one that just won't go away. Even in year when 
interest is minimal and only a few 20 or 30 brave 
souls how up. 

categorie . Men' , Women 's and Team Superstars 
harnpion . That 's among other things. 
We al 0 give you plenty of sore muscle, lots of 

atisfaction, an occ ional per onal di appointment 
or two, and chance to meet orne very unique and ' 
friendly competitive folk , ju t like yourself. The gig we're talking about is the UCS D uper-

tars All-Sport Competition. And believe it or 
not, it i still here. Has been for 16 years. nd in 
it own ubtle way, continue to ratch the fabric 
of athletic uprernacy on this forever competitive 
campu. 

When it all over and Sunday darkne has enJed 
in, tho e who took pan know the meaning of a full 
weekend. 

If you're ju t a litt.le bit intere ted in really how all 
thi works, come on down to the Canyonview Rec-
reation Offi e and pick up a copy of our SUPER-
STARS record and entry form pa kage. It gives you 
the rules of each event, when and where to be, an entry 
form, and more records about thi event than you'd 
ever care to know. 

SUPERSTARS i athletics cubed. And 
then orne. Every year we take 10 individual 
pons skills in a variety of discipline and challenge 

you to 'ee what you can do. 
The 6Q-yard da h. The Bench Pre . Field Goal 

Kicking. Softball Throw. Bowling. 50-yard 
Free tyle Swim. Ba ketball Supershol. oftball 
Hitt ing. High Jump. nd the Mile Run. 

UCSD Superstars stan Thursday, February 7 in 
the late afternoon and runs with a daily equence of 
events through Sunday, February 10. For more im-
mediate information, you can call 534-4037 at 
Canyonview and ask for Intramural Director, Mike 
Hipp, for answers to all of your Superstars que lions. 

Aftereach event, we give you point thatclo ely 
correlate your effon from pon-to-spon. Much 
like the Decathlon event in Track & Field. And in 
the end, we give you a winner in three different 

Andre, 
Milgram, 
Reinhardt 
Head List of 
Superstars 
Returners 

When the gun goc off In the Su-
per tars 6O-yard dash next Thur day 
aftemoon. you can be ure that the 
quickest Ollt of the bloc!.. will be 
someone named Tim. \ViII or Kiwi. 
Bet on It. 

These three (Tim Andre. Will 
Mingram. Kiwi Reinhardt) veterans 
of previous Superstars competition 
h.lve been itching for month to get 
another era I.. at the Super tars point 
table . 

And after fiOl ~hlng In ti l o-ran p0-
sitions to Super tars Legends such as 
JJ Fi her. Linda Ross, and Carolyn 
Hoffman the past two years, thi trio 
looks to be the early-line favorites to 
annex 1991 Superstar crowns. 

Andre totalled a bnlliant 6054 two 
years back as a sophomore and wi II 
hoping to improve on his founh place 
fini h of a year ago at 5667. The 
mall, but talent d senior has his be t 

event at the front end which in-
cludes the field goal kicking event in 
which he hold the Super tar all -
time record of 5 consecutive 40-
yarders. 

Will (The Thrill) Mingram rang up 
a olid 5600 points in his first crack at 
the tables last year and i delermined 
to add more this time around. The 
former Triton basebaJler specializes 
in the soflball event and can also run 
a nasly mile when he needs 10. This 
year to win it, he'll need to. 

Kiwi Reinhardt jusl missed !he 
4800 mark last year in her debut, but 
promises a much bener return this 
time around and hould be one of !he 
female leaders throughout the com-
petition. 

Others with a chance to do some 
damage include: high jump record-
holder Matt Balder ton (5449), John 
Wood (5296), Man Lamphere (5657), 
BrianSiljander(5021), KevinGelbard 
(4834) and bowling recordholder 
Ricky (I Might Be Injured) Lau. 

Individual Event Records 
MEN'S EVENTS RECORDHOI.OERS MARK 
60-Yard Dash Rich SchlTidt 6.57 sec 
Weightfifting (Bench Press) JJ FISher 3751bs. 
Field Goal Kicking x 5 Tim Andre 200 yds 
Softball Throw JJ FISher 314ft 

Bow~ng Ricky Lau 224 pins 
SO-Yard Freestyle Tom CumlTings 22.60 sec 
Softball Hitting x 5 Lee Johnson 1354 ft 
Basketball Supershol ignacio Siiva 70 pts 
High Jump Man Balderston 6ft-3 1/4 
Mile Run Chris Thomas 4:271Tin 
Total Superstars Points JJ FISher 6501 pis 

WOMEN'S MNTS RECORDHOlDERS MARK 
SO-Yard Dash Stetlnie Bloss 7.SO sec 

Weighl~fbng (Bench Press) LJnda Ross 1751bs 
Field Goals x 5 Unda Ross t08yds 
Softball Throw Sieffnie £Ioss 202ft 
Bowling Gayle Flanders 181 pins 
SO-Yard Freestyle Carin Crawfon:l 26.nsec 
Sohball H,"ng x 5 Michelle Miyamoto 720ft 
Basketball Supershot Deb Archambau~ 49.5 pIS 
High Jump Elaine Bergman 5-3 tvin 
Mile Run Unda Ross 5:58 min 
Total Superstars Points Linda Ross 6487plS 

Hot Shots Tune Up for Basketball Supershot 
Almost everyone who has ever laced 'em up and played a ~ttle basketball fancies 

her or himseH a great shooter. After all that's the name ollhe game, getting the ball 
in the hole. 

On Saturday everyone will have the chance to put up or shut up. The ttlrd annual 
Basketball Supershot Co"1l8tition wiH be held in the Main Gymnasium beginning at 
9:00am. On Saturday we will answer the question, Who is UCSD's best shooter? 

Each participant Will have two one ITinute time trials. During the ITinute they wiU 
be able to shoot from designated spols on the floor. Each spot has a point vWe 
based on it's proxirTi ty to the basket. The top three scorers will shoot off for the title 
at halftime of an upcorTing Triton home game. 

Both of our past ~ns, Ron McGrath and Rick Lau have been seen sneaking 
Into the gym after hours fO( a inle ex1ra work, but this should be a wide open affair. 
You stin have time to sign ~ down at Canyonview (53-4-4037) and prove to everyone 
that you can do more than just tall about it. 

Intramural Spacial Event Results 
AlL-CAIiPUS RACOOETBAU TOURNAMENT (2 tNIkw, 25,.,.,.,) 
Men's OpenChampionship- Rick Siter del. Damon Lou 16-14 
Loser's Bracket Final Damon Lou def. Doug WfIkkJ 15-a 
Open Intermediate Cha~ - Jell PurceH del. Edward Ancul5-11 
Loser's Br3l;ket Fina - Ed Ancu del. Sean Frankel 15-12 

WOllEN'S VOlLEYBAlL DOUBLES TOURNAMENT (14 ,..",,) 
Women's Open CHAMPIONSHIP - Dana Simone-AIbon1iensleit def. VIkki Van 
Duyn&-Liz Vesanovic 15-10 

AlL-CA,IIPUS TENNIS DOUBLES TOURNAMENT (2 DtrWont, 24 ,..".) 
Men's Open CharTllionship - Jim Wilson-Chris Emery def. Wayne Chang-Steven 
Mih 5-7,7-6,6-0 
Men's Intermediate C~ - Steve Staninger-Ron Crise def. POO Vu-MIII 
Moor1hy 6-3.2-6,7-6 

Thursday, January 31, 1991 

SOCCER 
Intramural Ratings as of JanUilTy 28 
TEAM BK TEAM REC. 
MEN'S 'AM' COED 'M' 
t. Shoot & lKIbbie ~ 1. Me<tltads ~ 
2. Angry Sponsors 142 2. Kick 'Em ~d 2-0 
3. Cowboys & Indn 2-1 3. Balls & Legs 1-0 
4. YMy Wily Wily 2-1 4. W!ndgods 3-0 
5. ~n Fogcutters 2-t 5. Can'tT oud1 This 2-0 

6. Gfoin N 141 
MEN'S'M' 7. Royal Ugly Dudes 2·1 
I. SIg Ep 2-0 8.~ H 
2. Upperv 2-0 9. Beat You 1·1 
3. Pete's Kids 2-0 10. Q/iet Please (.I 
4. SchwoopIng Sc:hmoes 2-0 
5. SAE 241 COED 'A' 
6. Juan Valdez 241 t . 00rUs WICArt Glaze 3-0 
7. Bush 142 2. More Monkey 2-0 
8. large & Medum 141 3. CteaIheads 2-0 
9. GIMIt Baby 1-0 4. BootT 0 The Head 2-0 
10. Score On Y OI.X Mom 1-0 5. Drunken Stupor 2-0 

6. Kickn' Bah 2'() 
MEN'S 'A' 7. Hot Tamales I'() 
1. Ruars Last Stn! ~ 8. My Left Foot HH 
2. 9 Angrier RimIs 2-0 9. K1ck1n The Balls 14-1 
3. Semen On The Turf 2-0 to. GroYeIIers 2,1 
4. PrtsSlll4 The Goal 2-0 
5. U SmeI 241 WOMEN'S 
6. Oiftractionists 3-0 I. We Kick Bah 2-0 
7. Newotics 241 2. Soccer's Rodlers 1-0 
8. WfX'6t Is <» Mom 1-0 3. Shooc To KIt 14-1 
9. FicIIen Sie Wieder 2-0 4. Wet DrNill I-t 

10.~'sBra 142 5.~ t-1 
6. Kick BaIs a Run t-I 

COED 'AM' 7. JustZoom I-I 
t. Chicks O'Plenty 241 8. Wiggle ft 1-1 
2. Nothing Stupid 141 
3. Crevasses I-I 
4. Playin' FOf Fun 1-1 

INTRAMURAL SOCCER NOTES 
Men'sMAaoex:«'" _Iooka Ibout ___ ~,*, gel E\II<y ..... n 'MA' '*. loa lIC'!ltoot 1tIIm. 
TrIIjn-TIll .... DIInI. 1t'1000000_guyshlYtthllotdCMfl4lde4lnel .... lM .... ·sdtllnding~. 
COIIboyIllndIInI. IflIook ... Iht,...",. due 10 Iht spItndkI goeIIInding 01 ar.n SiIjnIe<. Iotikt ~ end 
hos WIly, WIly, .., hIYt PIMId. ~ Ali nl prd:IId 0Uf9'C VICIDry. My quMIion ID you guys II: 'How 
mloCh GerilDlwlltft .. tot lhisdrug Inciad '--YIDCXlIIII1I'UIT Coed 'MA'1I IooIang liM.gMltolwho*bMI 
thai CUll l1li_ st.odIIItKaly Dutodt Htt 1tIIm. ~A-I'IIIIIJ. i'es IhtbMIllielt II ... ~ Fcr_ 

-~ itCM IOgIICIIiab. ....... _.In. -..y. IlIA IhtWOld on Iht _II .... i1IYt ID bMll<IIy" 
MIl'. rm ~. goong on ,*.7 • ~ r. tis inIotmIIan pIMM tcn.d l ID Ihtlnlrlwnlnl ~ ... The 
Men'1 'M ' dvisoon looks 1M nIhtr lilt betllltot Iht 1iIII. The SAFu"d Stg fpliook ID be Iht .... 10 bill this 
year The SAE'I ,..,. Iht .. ~ ~ 01 .ilion Scm"., end Iht _.Il0l1<''''. goaIltnding 01 SIOIfV 
t.IottwhImI. The Sog Epa 'Wy on "'" $pHd _Ihty did II wiri1g Iht IFe Ioof:OII ~ Who _10 INd tis 
alllci<.,." Iht e..cpean...", KMI GIbtd. Coaching could be. proOItm hire. Coach I..8IonIa Is not "'-' 
IObofwnkwith_ Cotd 'M ' 1ooka .... bonIIoIlaI1year'.two cIMI_.Iht ......... and ....... 
I Scan. The Mect>Nds •• Ied by !hat dy!wrnc doo 01 Ca-oiyn 'F\aIh' Danny and Lori ·AweIom. o' Goounborg. 
W\f1 FlIIhInd 'O .... guys ..... _ endsollht filldCO¥llld. ThItr rtvaI. P_& Scor. it lOgoodlhtU.SA 
IS consodtnng Ihtm _ w '1I1*"_1n Iht next WOIId C\.Ip ..• HiglIst SccrIng ..... 1n 1M Soc:ctr Ihis querter II 
Dnrian SIupor. 0tNi0usIy1hty."" lna·s1l.\l<r algIrII' lIrM. The(Wscorld 17golUlIS year In IWOgames. 
EigI\I gcIIiI. gorn. may "'" Ihtm. ~ .. SpaaaI not. should be gi¥tn 10 loll Romdaodrt. Thty'Yt 
scored Iht _ mosl gcIIiI "" _ .... ,5 Only proOItm Is Ihty'vl ""'" up Iht most. 13. W. sugges1 W 
you wont 10_ some acuon. go _Iht ... '0 ....... '0. thri1 a mflUll ~.I -

1M BASKETBALL 
Mlid-Year Analysis - Supercomputer's sure-shot selections 
Teom/l!tcord ~ ~ 
MENSAAA 
t. Public Enemy (2-0) 
2. Reverse Toe Jam (2-0) 
3. No War in Gull (1-0) 
4. 8 Men Deep (t-O) 
5. LOUIt. Louie (1-\) 

MENSAA 
I. Those Giants (3-0) 
2. H-ACME (2-0) 
3. HutziIopoch1Ii (~) 
4. Tall Where ~ Counts (2'()) 
5. UIkers (2-0) 

MENS A 
I. Dr. J a the Rainbows (~) 
2. Ao-ophobiacs (2-0) 
3. Pus (2-0) 
4. It's the Sholl (~) 
5. DisciPes 01 VItale (2-0) 
MENS 5' 10· 
I. Short n! s..t (2-0) 
2. lIellch_lIIII. (2-0) 
3. Below ... Net (2.()) 
4. PredIIDrI (~) 
5. Lethal WIlpon (I -I) 

COED 
I. CIulky IiUlkey II (2-0) 
2. The AdnI FIITIiIy (2-0) 
3. Two l.lvt Jews (2-0) 
4. ~ (2-0) 
5. Scrappy Aveng8fS (3'()) 

WOMENS 
1. M9n be ~ (2-0) 
2. 11uttwn (1-0) 
3. IMO·s en.- Foods (1-0) 
4. ~ Key Krahn (1-0) 
5. Atriy DIriera (I-I) 

2-1 
3-t 
7-2 
10-1 
5-1 . 

2-1 
5-2 
3-1 
4-1 
6-1 

4-1 
5-1 
6-1 
7-1 
10-1 

3-1 
4-1 
5-1 
6-1 
5C).1 

2-1 
5-2 
3-1 
4-1 
6-1 

3-2 
3-1 
4-1 
5-1 
lOot 

Defen<ing champs retum starting 5 
Wimlng ugly so far. how long can It last? 
Have got a lot of firepower 
Not tested ye~ will probably self destruCl 
Father tine catctmg up with this crew 

Posting some King size nuntels so far 
Roling hough M's toughest league 
League tiIIe game on 2-1 0 vs Los Magnificos 
Where's tNt. in the paN1t? 
Not enough magic to go althe way 

NflIhing but net lithe end 01 the rtWnbow 
MId SchooIeIs can1 play hoops???? 
Very 'experienced' squad 
Go! put ClISIomI, what about 'Toois' on Sun? 
Prine fme. Baaaabbbbyyyyylllll 

Too -'Y 10 ride this bandwagon nu:h 
fWI up big tine runbers in ody g.,-,e 
"'"-II with too many mIes i'llocal bin 
H1vn1 r..n MyOIl8 yet 
Mort .. S.C.U.D. dud 

DeIencIng c:n.nps . /out their franchise 
Gals C*1 really pay. the guys 1??? 
Big win .... week PIO them in drivels seat 
~~'ya 
Blowing FIIIWf bid tellTlS 

Gid .. low big pink t.gIII 
Impreai¥e in opener, wNIIllIxt? 
'You gals got fie right 1JIOfI'/?? 
Hall Gina on lib a 
In cold CioIIII 


