
• Financial records and registration programs 
separated to prevent computer overload 
By D8vId Snow 
Guardian RepoittN 

In an effort to simplify and speed up the telephone registra-
tion (T-REG) process, the UCSD Registrar's office has up-
graded to a new computer system, and has expanded the over-
the-phone services offered to students. 

A new mM hardware and software system, which cost 
approximately $6 million, was installed last Wednesday by the 
Texas-based Perception Technology company. As a result, an 
additional twelve telephone lines are now offered to students 
registering for classes. 

According to Associate Registrar and Admission Officer 
Sally Hickok-Broxton, the new computer system has three 
times the capacity of the one it replaced, and will facilitate (he 
expansion of telephone registration (T-REG) services. 

Last quarter, only 36 telephone lines were offered to stu-
dents registering for classes. "We have 48 line now, and will 
have more in the future," Hickok-Broxton said. "We plan (0 go 
to 64 [telephone IinesJ." 

With the new system, students are now able to drop as well 
as add classes by phone. 

In previous quarters, students complained that T-REG was 
too slow and that the phone lines were always busy. 

Hickok-Broxton attributes this to lower-division students, 
who are unable to get into desired classes, spending time 
"shopping around" on the phone for open courses. 

Another factor in slowing down the T-REG process was (he 
poor response time of an over-burdened computer, she said. 

In a change the Registrar's office said will speed the com-
puter response time, programs which process tudent inforrna-

See T~EG, Page 7 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Blowing Off Steam - Worn out from opening the Tom Petty and the 
Heartbreakers show in Los Angeles Monday night, guitarist Chris Whitley 
played only four songs Tuesday afternoon in the Price Center. Whitley opened 
another Tom Petty concert at the San Diego Sports Arena that night. 

MIT Unguist Alleges Insidious Govemment Control 
• Chomsky says obedience secured through manipulation by 'agenda setters,' 'opinion makers' 
By Andrea AdIemM 
Senior Staff Writer 

An audience of 1,600 crowded 
into the Price Center Ballroom Tues-
day evening to hear Noam Chomsky, 
known for his analyses of panems 
in U.S. foreign anddornestic policy, 
speak on his theories of govem-
ment-enforced obedience through 
manipulation of language and me-
dia 

ogy, Chomsky has often been called 
the nation's leading dissident intel-
lectual. Much of his writing focuses 
on U.S. military operations in the 
Third World. 

Chomsky's audience was the 
largest crowd UCSD has ever had 
for an event of this type, said Bar-
bara Bry, the director of special 
projects at the Unversity Extention. 

obedience, including molding the 
societal ethics through dual defini-
tions of key political phrases. Ac-
cording to Chomsky, for example, 
there are two dominant means by 
which the U.S. govemment keeps 
the domestic public in check: it in-
spires fear of terrible enemies and 
inspires awe of the leaders. 

other means," Chomsky began. 
Whereas totalitarian states tend 

to use force, democracies rely on 
the "guardians of political correct-
ness," an exclu ive group of gov-
ernment officials, academics and 
corporate leaders - including the 
corporate media - who serve as 
"agenda-setters" and"opinion-mak-
ers," he said. 

A linguistics professor at the 
Massachusetts Institute of Techno 1-

Chomsky centered his discus-
sion around the methods democratic 
governments rely upon to ensure 

"In any system of government, a 
major problem is to secure obedi-
ence, whether this is done by fear, 
by deception, by diversion or some 

According to Chomsky, certain 
key political phrases are defined in 

See CHOMSKY, Page 6 

Triton Pub Renovation Delayed 
• October completion date 
pushed back to next fall 
By PhIlp MIchaels 
Staff Writer 

After delays resulting from budget 
ovenuns, a final plan for the renovation of 
the old Triton Pub has been tentatively 
approved by the University Center Board-
Graduate Student Association Pub Com-
minee. 

11le comminee plan calls for expand-
ing capacity by approximately 15 pettent, 
adding and improving rest room facilities, 
and creating a walled-off area to be uti-
lized as a student pub. 

"We've simply made it [the Triton 
Pub] a more usable facility for all stu-
dents," said University Center Director 
Jim Carruthers ... It's a multi-purpose fa-
cility. It's not just for programming. It's 
nee just eo ctaIe a little pub." 

Construction is scheduled to begin in 
January. 1992 and will be completed by 
the middle of sprin. quarter. Since the 

I'~r f ~ .~~ :-:, -
:f ~ ;: - . 'IiM-· · 
4 :. ,t! 

.. 

~':'fl , 

A view of the pub, set for renovation 
completion date is so late in the school 
year that a vendor would be unwilling to 
begin operations at that time, Carruthers 
estimated that the new pub will be oper-
able by the fall quarter of 1992. 

Originally scheduled to be completed 
by the start of the upcoming winter quar-
ter, the renovation was delayed because of 
discrepancies between the available bud-
get and the estimated costs of the project. 

See PUB, Page 7 

Bush Education Plan 
Advisor Advocates 
Drastic School Reform 
By Dan Gebler 
Staff Writer 

Calling for nationwide recognition of the poorquality 
of the America educational system and the need for 
drastic reconstruction, Chester Finn, a k'ey Bush admin-
istration advisor and author of the " America 2000" plan, 
lectured at yesterday's policy forum on "U.S. Education 
in Crisis." 

Finn addressed 250 students, faculty. and community 
members at the Graduate School for International Rela-
tions and Pacific Studies' (lR/PS) Robinson Audito-
rium. 

Driven by ade ire to ensure that student are prepared 
for further education and a dissatisfaction with today's 
educational standards, Finn challenges what he calls the 
nation's current "preoccupation" with advocating equal 
education opportunity in exchange for high qual ity edu-
cation. 

Finn said thata major problem in the American school 
system is that most students, teachers and administrators 
think that they and their schools are doing a good job 

See FINN, Page 6 



1 'NEWs 

Department of Theater to rresant 
'Dr. Faustus Ughts the Ughts' 

The UCSD Department ofThealer will open the theater 
season at the Mandell Weiss Forum with a production of 
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights." by Gertrude Stein. 

The play will run Nov. 20-23 at 8 p.rn. and at 7 p.m. on 
Nov. 24. 

Stein retells the cla. .. sic tale of Faustus. This time. 
Faustus sells his soul 10 the devil in order to invent electric 
lights. Stein' S oulpouring of words lakes on human shape 
as Faustus is confronted with ultimate knowledge. 

Written in 1983. "Doclor Faustus Lights the Lights" is 
a re,action to tbe increasing lechnology and mechanization 
of the 20th century and the darkness Stein believed would 
follow. 

Matthew Wilder. a graduate student. directs the play. 
Wilder plans to make use of the whole spICe at the Mandell 
Weiss Forum for the production. 

Tickets are $6 for students, S 10 for seniors and $ 12 for 
geneml admission. For more infonnation caIl.5344574. 
UCSD Science Graduates Given 
$50,000 In ARCS Scholarship Funds 

Ten UCSD graduate students received $5.000 scholar-
ships from the San DiegoChapterof Achievement Rewards 
for College Scientists (ARCS) Foundation at an awards 
luncheon on Tuesday. 

ARCS is a non-profit organization founded in 1958 by 
women concerned about the high cost of education and 

. U.S. supremacy in the technological race. Since its founding 
in 1986. the San Diego ARCS has raised ovcrS352.000 for 
scholarships. 

The ten students honored from UCSD were: Amy Stem 
and Sandra nee in medicine; Ann Case. William Golighty 
and Anthony Tru.'>COO in physics; Richard DorsIc.y in 
biology; Trodi Zitelle and Curtis Padgett in engineering. 
Laleh Howard in malhemalics; and Ouistine Volpe in 
chemistry. 

Nine San Diego State University students also received 
award . 

1beUCSDG ...... 

Flamenco Dance no...,. to ,..,._ 
For 25th AmIYMlary Pelfui ... a'nce 

The clllllla'of (W"-.1bell*lClloofrflydlmic heels. tbe 
~ __ ~~~~_._tbe __ ~~ 

pitallwiU.lle ~s.FIII l!oo 
perfonDI6iionow Iii ~ ~. 

ThelaeFl8mencoisu:Jeb;_Citl25dllllllivaury .one 
of California's IDOIt rapccted dbnic dInce bOUpeL It was 
founded in 1966 by Adela Clara and is now led by artistic: 
dirccta' Miguel SanIos. 

The anniversary prognm will includo a wort tided, "AI 
Amar." which pmniered in 1976. Music in the piece spans 
centuries of Spanish songwriUnJ. 

"Mise Aamenca," which premiered in 1975. depicts a 
wedding mass. "Regionalismos" is a visual intelpft:l8lion of 
piano pieces based on elements of Spanish folklore. 

Tickets are $11 for students. $13 for seniors and SI5 for 
general admission. Call the University Events Office al 534-
4090 for more information. 

N SCIENCE --'= EWS=.--
erosion-Resistant Mountain Studied 
As Possible Radioactive waste SIte 

The slopes of Yucca Mounrain in !he Nevada descn are 
eroding much more slowly than most other mountainsides in 
the Southwest. according to a Los Alamos National lab0ra-
tory study to &elm a site for long-term radioactive waste. 

Los Alamos conducted the study with the U.S. Geological 
Survey for the Department of Energy's (D.O.E.) radioactive 
waste site search. 

"Yucca Mountain Jooks much the same today as it did 
100.000 years ago. and will mosllikely look the same aome 
20.000 years from now." said Los Alamos researcher 0wIes 
Harrington. 

"You can SIaI1d in oneoftoday's channeJ:; and reach up and 
put your hand whe~ the hillslope was a miDion years ago." 
Harrington said. 

Yucca Mountain is being studied by the Department of 
Energy as a repository for long-term storage of high-level 
radioactive waste. Surface erosion is one of the criteria being 
considered in the evaluation. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperat\XeS for Friday, 
Sab..rdai, a1d Sunday in San 
Diego County: ~Rln ~ I Clear skies with SUM)' and warm. I MomIr« low clouds, cool temperatures. clecR1g to mostly SUM)'. 

Surf Forecast 
.... ....... 

(Seconds) DIr ..... 
13 
AvetC!i.e temperatures for 
... /alr are: 82/68 

W 
Surfing 
COndItIons: 
CIOOD 

Tb....." Noftmbcr 14, 1991 

Tbe __ ok is cownd 'NidI ... boulders wbidI 
filled crICb Ia die lisa mi1boo years. 

The bouIden. ... wiIh pcotet1ive desert "rock var-
nish" and calcium caabcIDIre depoIiIs.lteep erosion to I 
miaimum. 

-rile ~ p1ICmcs CIIQ'.1 ~ tbc bi& blocks, 
_ w f'wia8 can't 'break them lIfO IIn.JIer pIeces." 
HlninIfOO said. 

LosAlnosNarionalLaboraloryisrunbylheUnivetsity 
of CaIifomia for !he 0.0.8. 

ucsc Asbonomy Professor 
Named UC ObservatorIes Director 

Astronomy professor Joseph S. Miller. a star-gaz.er 
sinceagefivewhenhewilDeSSCdamajollllClleOlicshower. 
is the new director of the University of California Obser-
valories. 

A leading expert inastronomical instnamentationMiIler 
succeeds Raben Kraft. a UC Sanaa Ouz professor. 

Miller. who is also • UC &.Ita Ouz pofeuor, .. 
investigated and supervised the manufacluring of the 57-
inch-wide secondary mirror for the W.K KeckT~ 
in Hawaii. which is one of the most sophislicated large 
mirrors in IIStI'OIIOIDical history. 

The telacope. which will be !he worId's Jaraest and 
111061 powerful. is being constructedjoindy by UC and the 
California InIititute ofTechnoIogy. 

Commenting on his appointmenl, MlJlcrsaid, "I'm glad 
I'm going to play a more important role in developing !he 
observatories." 

He added. "This is an exciting time al the observatories 
as we prepare for the compIedon next year of the Keck 
Observatory in Hawaii, which houses the largest optical 
and infrared teIesaJpe in !he world. " 

Since joining the UC in 1967, Miller has focused his 
research on extremely luminous extragalactic objects. 
including quuars IIId .clive gaIactic nUclei. 

The aim of his reaearcb is to invesdpflO the nature of 
the central energy soun::es, which are IIDOIIg the most 
powerfulobjcclsintheunivme.asweDlStbesurrounding 
enviromnent. 

G77re rr :T .& ,,"T II B D.I.n..L~ 

lIItc;c§· ............................ " .. ... .. _.uca •. E ............. l1 ... ..... 
,.-11 OWl." ___ ..... Sit ......... ... 
.. -............................... . 
-· ......... '*-: .. t~··_UlS,.. .. ~. ce... ... __ ..... ..._-........ 

....... ".15ID, ...... a.. ... ,...,,. .. 7 .. ' 
UCSD ~ 9500 GI.an om. 0316, 

La JoIci, CA 92093-0316 

/ 

Thunday, NOft?Ilber 1., 1991 

WEDNESDAY S A S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

• ."l Cullun Quell FlllhaJ: Mama ~ IIIId Michelle Roberts weJe 
appoinled oo-dIIln 0( Ihe t992 Cullwe Quest Festival. 

• A.S. C_· ..... 01"... ..... : o.nicl Bonduranl has been nomil1lled 
10 fill Ihe v-, left by Mauhew SdInuIer'l resipllion. Bonduranl willippeat 
before personnel c:ommiace forlll illlerView before IppeAring before council for final 
IppOinImenL 

• A.S. RepI_1aiM eo tile KepIraaioa Fee Advilory C.,.. .. IHee: Victor 
Nieblal hllbeen ~·nominIIed forlhis I'O'ition af1er being Je-evalUMed apinst those 
who also IppIiId. NicbIas, whose Iftvious nomination was wilhdrawn due 10 
procedurIIerror. will Je.1ppeat before personnel commillee and lhen council for final 
appoinlmenl. 

·0IMr0lll ...... 
-AppoInImeIUofRoben Spectoru Ihe A.S. RqKeselllalive 10 Ihe EnroIlmenl 

Projeaionl Review Commiuee. Puled. 
~A~ofSlevellCa.rt<1S Ihe A.S. Repreaentalive IOIbe WurenCoilep 

Resident Hall Building Advirocy Commiuee. PIssed. 
- Appointment 0( Denite Oodfrey IS Ihe A.S. Repmcnlativ~ Ihe Under-

grad\lllle Affain Masler PIlU1 Commiuee. Puled. 
- Appoinlmenl 0( Paul Eykamp IS Director of DevelopmenL Passed. 
- AppointmcIW of Colin Wilson as Sludelll.AI-Urge member 10 Ihe Studenl 

OrganirMion rUllllCe BoIII'd. Puled. 
- Allocalion of S600 10 speakers line item of Ihe Commiuee for World 

Democracy. Passed. 
- Approval of ASUCSD Tl1IIISponation and Parting Commiuee Charter 10 

teplace old chaner. Passed. 
- Amendmcnlto financial bylaws. Aniele V, Section A. Passed. 
- AmendmcntlO financial bylaws. Aniele V. Section C. Passed. 
- Amendmcnllo financial by taws. Aniele VI. Section D. Passed. 

• Referred to "'-Del 
- Appoinunenl of Paul Wilcox as A.S. Represenlalive 10 Ihe North Campus 

Neighborhood Planning Advisory Commiltee. 
- Appointmenl of Alfonso Dave III as A.S. ElIlemal Outreach Manqer. 
- Appointmenl of Eric Yudkovsky IS A.S. ElIlemal Munic;ipal Director. 
- Appointmenl of Robb Ernest as 1992 Sun Ood Festival Clair. 

• Referred to FIDaace 
-AIJocationors3~ 10 Ihe WlI/"Jen Dean'sOlfice for 1991- 1992 College Bowl 

Toumamenlscheduled for Jan. 27, from General UnallocaJed. 
- Allonlion of S900 10 ElIlemal Affain for membenhip dues 10 the United 

SI8Ies Siudent Association. from GenetaI Unallocated. 
- Allocation ofS~ 10 African American SlUdcnt Union for Kwanzaa Celebn-

lion on Dec. S. from General Unallocated. 
- Allocation of S3.289.38 10 A.S. Administration for Mini Wedge Reader for 

Assoned Vinyl. from Mandated Reserves. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Wattenon 

ERRATUM 
In the November 11 Guardian story on Saturday'S Political Correctness Forum, Zachary Berman was 

incorrectly quoted as saying "Many times. Afro-Americans can identify [more) with Shakespeare than 
with ancestors from Africa.· The quote should have read, "Many times, blacks can identify [more) with 
Shakespeare than with ancestors from Africa.· The Guardian regrets this error. 

ApPAREL 
DES£GNER 
Z 0 N E 

., 

CLOTHING OUTLET 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL! 
• TWEEDS 
• UMITED 
• EXPRESS 
• VIOORIA'S SECRET 
• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
• ESPRIT (new Jlipmen~1 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
(just clown hi road) 

Go east on La Jolla vt8age DrM, 
4 ~ past Hwy 805, left on 

Camino SonJa Fe 

70% OFF all orlghuUly prlud Ikpar1melll store 
IIdels, sweaters, tops, parlts, }NItS & much, mucb more! 

T SHIRTS ....... ..... ...... .......................................... $4.99 
B.U.M. EQUIPMENfSWEATSHIRTS ..... $14.99-$19.99 
JEANS .............. : ...................................................... $1; 
OPEN: WED.-SAT. 11 am·7 pm 

SUN. 12-Spm 
TEl A50-3323 



4 OPINION 

Common 
....... 

Would JOII .. tOld If 
you hII¥e .... lIlY 
vInIs lifter donaUIC 
IbIood1 
No. Blood banks do 
not wish to be flooded 
by people seeking to 
know if they have the 
virus. However, poten-
tial blood donors are 
screened by a 
questionaire before the 
blood is accepted. 

c.. ..... -.. 
AIDS ..... ....., 
Yes, although there are 
no known cases within 
the lesbian community. 
If v~nal fluid or blood 
is being exchanged the 
virus may be transmit-
ted. 

c.., ... AIDS even 
If 1 ..... COl"""? 
Yes, if the condom is 
used incorrectly or is 
defective. No condom 
is 100 percent effec-
tive. 

c.. I.,. AIDS from 
... v.? 
Although saliva carries 
the virus it seems that 
it does not carry 
enough of the virus to 
infect someone. 
c.. 1_ AIDS from 
oraI .. x? 
It depends on the oral 
sex involved. Again, 
there must be an 
exchange of blood or 
semen in order for the 
virus to be transmitted. 

Why Is It that .... 
......... Infect ... willi 
AIDS ........ lYe 
.., 1onC ..... 011.,. 
.. ~ 
This question is still 

bei~ explored. One 
suspicion is that there 
are co-factors. The 
nature of the virus, 
because it attacks the 
immune system, 
makes good health 
necessary to help the 
immune system in 
fighting other diseases. 

HowlonCdoMlt 
take for AIDS .,... 
ton. to IIPP • .,.., 
The HIV virus can be 
contracted up to 12 
years ear1ier, before 
symptoms begin to 
surface. An individual 
can have the virus and 
be transmitting the 
virus for up to six 
months before present 
tests detect the virus. 

ScuI»: ucso ~ HNIII CInIIr 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardiaa 

COMMENTARY 

Is UCSD doing all that it can to 
prevent the spread of the mv virus? 

By Jefhy Yamacuchl 
Senior Staff Writer 

Although the UCSD Health 
Center receives approximately five 
to 10 calls per week concerning 
HIV antibody testing, only about 
six to eight unrequired HlV 
antibody tests are administered by 
the Health Center during any given 
quaner. 

The lack ofUCSD students 
using the Health Center to obtain 
HIY antibody testing docs not 
necessarily mean that students are 
not getting the HIY antibody test. 
There may be, however, two 
simple reasons why an extremely 
low number of UCSD students are 
gening IeSted at the Health Center: 
the test costs $50, and your name 
goes on the test. 

The high cost of the test and the 
policy of confidential as opposed to 
anonymous testing creates a . 
significant deterrent for many 
students, the result being that far 
fewer tudents are being tested than 

results. Student" feel uncomfonable if they have 
to provide their names, fearing that a positive test 

result might be placed on their 
medical record. When the 

011 fNt wtCt 
If free, MOnymOUS 

HIV testi~ was 
offered at the UCSO 

Student Health· 
Center, it would be 
more CQf"MIlIenl 

Tests would be at a 
facll~ In a location kl 

which all students 
flrIJ themseIYes five 
days a weef<. lncen-
tives to get tested 

would be i1creaSed 
and hesitations 

would be difficult to 
rationalize. 

prevalence of sexual activity on 
college campuses is comid-
ered, Ihese deteninJ factors 
become even more aJanninI. 

When considering the close 
proximity of existing siees that 
already offer cost-free tesling. 
perhaps the lack of such tearing 
81 UCSD is a non-issue. Since 
theft are nearby test sites, it 
might be assumed thai those 
who feel concerned about. 
possible infection by the AIDS 
virus are getting an HIV . 
antibody test elsewhere. This is 
a dangerous assumption. The 
inconvenience of making • 
specifIC trip 10 get tested is 
simply another negative facaor 
which apin implies that die 
number ofUCSD srudenIs 
aening IeIIed is lower thin it 
should be. 

there should be. Anonymous tests use numbers, 
rather than MnCS, to identify an individllll's test 

Visiting oft"-cImpUI_1iIes is. dmnina 
See AIDS, PII8 !5 

Thunday, Novanber 14, 1991 

WIIy.I ..... 
........... 
rIIk for AIDS 
Recent studies Indicate 
that college-age stu-
dents are more likely to 
contract AIDS than other 
parts of the population, 
due to -1)8ttems of 
sexual activity and drug 
use." Beliefs and habits 
have been the key factor 

leadl~ to risky behav-
ior. 

• Most college students believe that 18 is the 
right age to begin having 
sex. 

• The study revealed 
that most college 
students first had 
vaginal intercourse at 
the average age of 17. 

• Two-thirds of the 
college students sur-
veyed indicated that 
they have had inter-
course. 

• Even though college 
students are -well 
educated" about AIDS, 
most continue to ~ . 
gage in risky behavior, 

. such as not using a 
condom and having 
more than one partner. 

ScuI»: The JoImII 01 
~ CoIege HNIII 

AIDS tellII .. 
Although UCSD does not 
offer free H IV antibody 
testi~, San Diego 
County has six health 
centers that offer free 

testI~ : 
JJL a.IIew. ILl C 236-3848 . 

1Mt_ ... II .... 
C .... 

~7990 
.Clljaall ...... 
C .... 
5794446 

.... tall ...... 
C ...... 
740-4000 

..... -... 11 •• aCI'" 
581-4300 

Gel 11*1 ..... 
e .... , 

967~1 

Tbunday, NOftIDbu 106, 1991 Tbc UCSDGaardiao OPINION S 

AIDS: Free testing would help halt HIV at UCSD 
CIMI £IU ...... 4 
f8CfIOr for ...., UCSD IIUdenIs. Recta_ of die IeriouI 
impIicMions of. poIiIive .. result, IDIIIY UCSD ........ 
avoid visitina oft-<II!IpUIsdes. 

But if free. anoaymoua HIV anlibody IeIdna waa 
offind at die UCSD a.IIh ea.r,1hen it would be much 
more convenienI. TellS would be •• &ciIity in • location 
in wbich aU .......... fiad lbemaelvea five days • week. 
Incentive to pt IeIIed would be incn.~d and besi ..... 
would become IDIR diflicult to ratioraIize. In OIlIer words. 
more IIUdenIa Would pt teated. 

Given thIt IDIR III""" would set tesIaI iflheae 
burdens were lifted, the question is, why doem', the 
Student HeaItb Ceorer offer free, anonymous HIV lllllibody 
testina1The answer is IhaIdIe HIV anlibody test is a 
screenint IeIt. 1biI melDS dIM • studaII may DOt actually 
be showini aignI of illneIa. Most likely die IIUdenl is jusc 
concerned abouI whether or DOt he or she has contracIed the 
AIDS virus. 

The problem is that the UCSD Health Center's insur-
ance policy does not cover such screening tests. So, at 
present, the costs must be passed on to die student. On the 
other hand. if a student comes into the Health Center and 
has some of the AIDS virus symptoms, such as swollen 
glands or night sweats, the HIV antibody test is no longer 
considered a screening test, and the Health Center's 
insurance takes care of the test fee. 

However, it is rare for an HIV antibody test to be 
administered for reasons adler than a screening test. Thus, 
ways to alleviate the high cost of the test and change the 
policy of confidential testing to anonymous testing must be 
examined. 

The Depanment of Health Services for the County of 
San Diego can provide a representative to administer free, 
anonymous HIV antibody tests. Alternative test sites can be 
set up if an area shows a significant amount of need. 

DlICOY ..... 'Need' 1Iw'ou#I TI"" 
One way to delarnine whether or not there is a "need" is 

through a random "seroprevalence" test. Such a test is 
implemented by administering the my antibody test 10 
random, nameless blood samples that come into the Health 
Center's lab for whatever reason. 

San Diego State University underwent the random 
seroprevalence test. and the result showed an ample need. 
given that a significant number of blood samples showed 
up HIV antibody positive. 

Thus SDSU's Health Center houses an alternative test 
site funded and facilitated by the Depanmcnt of Health 
Services. According to Allison Win. Coordinator of Project 
ACCEPl' (AIDS Collegiate Counseling, Education and 
Prevention Team), 30 to 35 HIV antibody tests are adminis-
tered weekly at the SDSU site alone. 

According to Dr. Brian Murray, UCSD Student Health 
Center medical dim:tor, the health center is currently 
discussing plans to imp\emenl a seroprevaIence test. 

If a need is found - meaning that bdwcen one and 
three blood samples out of 1,000 are found to be HIV-

we c.are hair. 

$8-
HAIRCUT 

.... u.s. 
nsnrlmEKJ according 

ttet.oMx'" (8%) 
Below the percentage 
of heterosexual 
transmission by age: 

IV ... 
_. (22%) 

9% 

Gay IVdru. 
u_(8%) 

other 
(4%) 

Blood 
transfusion (2%) 

Hemophilia 
(1%) 

Source: Los Angeles Times, u.s Centers of Disease Control 

positive - the Department of Health Services will more 
than likely fund an alternative test site on campus. Murray 
explained that the seroprevalence test could be imple-
mented as early as the end of this academic year. 

If an alternative site was established at UCSD, the 
Health Center would provide a room where the actual 
testing could be administered. 

Unfortunately, the seroprevalence test could show a lack 
of need. Although "need" might be shown with just one 
HIV -positive case out of 1,000. given the random error 
factors involved in such a sampling, there exists the 
possibility that no IDV-positive cases will be found. Most 
likely there are students on this campus who are HIV-
antibody positive and W18ware of this fact. 

However, if no cases are officially documented, and thus 

Jnes CoIieI/Guaniarl 
no documented "need" for a test site is shown, the Depart-
ment of Health Services will not have just reason to spend 
money to set up and fund an alternative test site on this 
campus. 

If this occurs, alternatives such as using registration fee 
money will have to be seriously considered. This campus 
presently has an AIDS Task Force to help students learn 
more about the AIDS virus. It informs students'about 
prevention and what to do if they have a concern about 
possible infection. 

But an element of equal importance in the fight against 
the AIDS virus is a convenient, free and anonymous test 
site, something UCSD lacks. The easier it is to act on 
concern and get an HIV antibody test, the more likely the 
spread of AIDS can be prevented. 

'-e-----SPARkS I . Up 10 5 qts. 1OW30 _ .... ___ Fkosh and rofillwlhup'o 2 gals . .... H .. .,. • Evac:uaoesY$I·m· Recnargew~nlreon • Lubricate chassis I "r bells. ho9(,and pr ........... "II ("1'10 31bs.) ·C'- bells. pulleys. I 
II • cRepiaceoiJ filter $1490D- $1990 I 44 MRegOIt· ~ .. ·90 r3r·9ko~&9Cr:::.90 II 

• heck lire pressure nvv· • I - Moll cars 
I . Top off fluids Most cars SA'.a DV~ 6696 Miramar Rd I 
I 6696 Miramar Rd. ' Mira Mesa' 453-4405 II T1I~ Mira Mesa' 453·4405 I 
~'111 iii iiii'i" ":. ":.. "'::':: --- --- "' .. ~ ~ "::'" '::':'":""':':::::-1 
_c etc? SPARKS SPARKS I 

Includes: ' --- I ServIce Includes: ' .... _- I 
I Spark plu~, adJ·u,stments $2ftCW $3ftC)Q· I . Cleaning 1I1e interiors I 

., - - .., - - • Checking fuel pressure. fuet $4990 I and 28·polnt engine -.I 1.-.1 lin85 and injec10r signal from I 
analysis. 12 month/ 4-..,,, "-"1'· I the on-board computer I 12,000 mi. warranty $4490'8-.1 ·Most I' Plu~ ~n addi~ve (0 help keep Reg. $59.90 I I -"1" cars the .nJ8ClOrs Clean I 

I 6696 Miramar Rd. ' Mira Mesa' 453-4405 I 6696 Miramar Rd .• Mira Mesa· 453-4405 I Oller valid with coupon Oft. yalid!hls location or/y t Offor yalid WIth coupon, Offer yaNd .his location on.y_ 
--------I"Ulm~'-------:i SW\RKS ~:.._;..i~~ l: _~_...!..~ SPARKS I we care hair 

8750 Genesee (behind Soup Exchange) I 
587-CUTT : 

, ._- I 2 Wheel $4490 ' --- I \ 
'

) I Brake Special Reg. $6UO ~ ."'''l _.cars.5e .. ·MeIallic"~.. I 

----T----~----T---- I MIrQII coupon hIiraII coupon I coIar coupon perm coupon I 
: SAVE $11 SAVE $21 SAVE $31 PERM : 
1 WET I SHAMPOO, I GlAZtG I $1995 I 
1 ... I CUT & 1 .... ,1.110 I .... ' , ., I CUT • ... A"'-' ~-:"'" 1 1 S1YLE .,M151 lIIIII.l. 1 ~_~ I 
1 MIl.......... 1 MII"'~ I .... ~ I w::.....;.. I 
--- NDv. 3D. 1111 ........ NDv. 30. ,., ........ NDv. aD, ,., ........ NDv. 30. ,., • L ____ 6 __________ A ____ ~ 

, . .... ~ I Includes: 1' ..... oaIt lor IlllIIIPOin .... nL ~ $11 - • Instalt new pads or shoes • Replace fronI grease seats I 
Plus $6 certificate· Mosl cars _ ~'I' ." r-.... I· Resurface rotOfs or drums • Bleed and adjUst system I 

., ,. '\ • Repack wheel bearings • Road test vehicle 
6696 Miramar Rd .• Mira Mesa' 453-4405 I 6696 Miramar Ad. ' Mira Mesa' 453-4405 I 

Oller yalid """ coupon. Oller yalid!hls location only. 1 Offer valid with coupon. Off" valid tillS location only. 
--------------- ---------------453-4405 

MIRA MESA 
6696 Miramar Rd. 

(2 miles east of 805) 
Hours: M·F 8·6, SAT. 8-4 

OPEN SUNDAYS 8·4 



6 NEWS 

Complied ." Kent K-. ....,..." WrIIIr 
Wedntsday, November 6: 
8:30a.m.: A custodian reponed the theft 

offumiture from Tioga Hall. Loss: $1 ,800. 
11 o.m.: A student reponed vandalism 

to Serra Hall. Damage: $50. 
12:10 p.m.: A 27-year-old non-affiliate 

was arrested in Lot 208 for an outstanding 
WaJT"Jnt, and was taken to County Jail. 

3:15 p.m.: A 1986 Ford pickup. a 1986 
VW, a 1990 Mercury. and a 1968 Chevy 
truck collided on Old Miramar Rd. 

5:35 p.m.: A 1982 Chevy was stolen 
from Lot 208. Loss: $2,000. 

Thursday, November 7: 
8 p .III.: A male student suffered chest 

pains at the Fifth College residence halls 
and wa.o; taken to Scripps Memorial Hospi-
tal . 

Friday, November 8: 
2:/0 a.m.: UCSDPD recovered a 1988 

Chevy that had been stolen in San Diego. 
2:/0 p.m.: UCSDPD recovered a 1981 

Mazda that had been stolen in San Diego. 
Saturday, November 9: 
4:08 p.m.: A graduate student was seri-

ously injured in an accident at Genesceand 
Northview. No other details are available. 

Sunday, November 10: 
/ / :54 a.m.: A female suffered a neck 

injury on OIarger Field The victim was 
taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital by 
ambulance. 

8:/2 p.m.: SDPO recovered a 1981 
Datsun pickup that had been stolen from 
UCSD. 

Monday, November 11: 
8:10 a.m.: A staff member reported the 

theft of a computer and a fax machine from 
the Warren Literature Building. Loss: 
$2,730. 

Tuesday, November 11: 
3 :50 p.m.: A student reported tbe theft of 

items from a vehicle in lot 208. Loss: $200. 
5:30 p.m.: A staff member reported the 

theft of radio equipment from BSB. Loss: 
$3.300. 

7:45 p.m.: Astudent' sanwor\ was dam-
aged by a UCSD Ford Truck. 

8 p .III .: A student reported burglary to a 
vehicle in Lot 103. Loss: $373. 

rhree bicycles, valued at $/ .525, were 
stolen/rom UCSD between 1116 and J J 112. 

The Guardian 
Read It. Recycle It. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CHOMSKY 
ContInued ...... ~ 1 
two ways. These dual definitions are central to understanding the 
U.S. mode of operations in both the domestic and foreign arenas. 

"First of all, there are dictionary meanings. and secondly, there's 
what we might call the politically correct meaning, that i , the 
meaning that's used for thought control," he said. 

"In the dictionary meaning, a society is democratic to the extent 
that it provides actual mechanisms thai will allow for meaningful 
panicipalion of the public in management of their own affairs. 

"In the politically correct meaning, the system is democratic to 
the extent that it places governance in the hands of business and land 
owners and military elements which are linked to the U.S. statej 
corporate nexus," Olomsky said. 

The public's role is to be "spectators, not participants or if it' a 
Third World country, often corpses, not participants," he added. 

The concept of tabililty iscloscly linked to democracy, accord-
ing to Chomsky. In its "politically correct" usage, a country' 
degree of tability corresponds to the security of the upper classes 
and large foreign enterprises. 

Olomsky recalled the "imaginative array" of foreign enemies 
over the past decade, including "international terrorists run by 
Khadafi, the Sandinistas marching on Texas, Grenada going to 
interdict the sea lanes between the Caribbean and Europe and the 
HisPanic narcotraffickers who want to sweep over the country." 

As a contextual example of the dual definitions of democracy, 
OIomsky traced the U.S.'s stance toward Guatemala in light of the 
country's "one brief democratic ... interlude" from 1944 to 1954. 

At first, said Chomsky, the U.S. concluded that the democrati-
cally-elected president was 1101 going to heed popular interests but 
rather act in the name of "stability" and "democracy." 

But once then-Guatemalan president Jacobo AJbenz initiated 
far-reaching agrarian refonn, "the U.S. government line shifted 
vrxy quickly and he was overthrown in favor of the murderous 
military regime which has been kept in power ever since by regular 
U.S. intervention," Chomsky said. 

According to <lIomsky, the U.S. govemrnent sees a "democratic 
opening" in a given country as a contagious disease that, in the case 
ofGuatemaJa. marts "an increaing threat to the stability ofHondu-
ras and EI Salvador," he said, quoting a State Depanment report. 

Thus, the U.S. acts to implement politicaJly corn:ct "democracy" 

'lbunclay, NOftIIlber 1., 1991 

JIIriIIr VwwOUMlM 

Chomsky lectured Tuesday evening at the Price Center Ballroom 
and "stability," he said. 

In termsofwhatOlornskylabelled the"Gulfmassacre,"Saddam 
Hussein "had commined the only crime that counts: he had dis-
obeyed orders." 

The U.S., Chomsky said, was apparently willing to let Hussein 
rectify borders. to intimidate other oil producers to raise prices, but 
he 1101 to take over all of Kuwait. 

"That's stepping on U.S. toes," Olomsky said 
According to OIomsky, the U.S. attitude is, "We run that region, 

nobody else. No indigenous force. No foreign force." 
In thai Hussein's invasion was seen as "a crime, a crime of 

disobedience," the U.S. government acted on the assumption that 
"people who commit crimes have to be punished," and lIIus sought 
to block a peaceful solution in the name of "punishmenL" 

OIornsky linked this wide range of"foreign enemies" Craled in 
the 1980s to what he called the vanishing pretext of the U .S.SR. as 
the ultimate U.S. threatand as such, the comprdIensive justification 
for military operalions abroad during the 70 years between the 
Bolshevik revolution and the fall of the Berlin Wall. 

FINN 
ContInued 110m ~ 1 

nationally unifotm curriculum, and public 
funding for pcivatelni parochial schools based 
on a voucher system. 

public schools they anend. 
Several audiencemembersexpressedcon-

cem that such a system could lead to in-
creased socia-economic segregation of 
schools, which would resemble a 'seperate-
but-unequal' school system of America's past 

when in fact. "international comparisons c0n-
tinue to show us near the back of the pack." 

.. We· ... e been giving our children too much 
positive feedback and too many encouraging 
statements designed 10 build their self-esteem 
- statements that may not have been justified 
by the reality of their performance," Finn said 

Finn also said that educalion should offer 
students incentives and sanctions in return for 
the quality of wotic they do. He said, "If we 
don 't differentially reward high achievers-
orpunish lowperfonners-why should young-
sters tudy hard and learn a lot. especially 
when they have so many enticing distractions 
and short-term gratifications?" 

Finn's "America 2000" plan includes a 
mandatory national examination system, a 
netWotic of experimental schools run on a 

The mandatory testing will measure where 
exactly individual students from across the 
country stand in relation to America's educa-
tional aims. 

Finn said he believes that no progress can 
be made "until we can see how our own 
children and schools are doing in relation to 
those goals." 

Finn also said he feels that the U.S. govern-
ment should financially help support private 
and parochial schools, and those parents who 
wish to send their kids to private schools so 
that America's public schools will be forced to 
compete with the higher quality of private 
schools. 

Another controversial subject introduced 
by FiM in last night's forum was whether or 
not students should be able to choose which 

In order to achieve his reforms, Finn said, 
the cUlTCnt focus of educational power in 
America - the locality - will have to give 
way to a broad national vision. 

In order to hire and admit graduates of our 
current educational system, FiMalleges, busi-
nesses and colleges are lowering their stan-
dards to accommodate applicants. 

Finn argues that employers and universi-
ties can demand a higher quality education 
system by refusing to hire and accept gradu-
ates who are judged 10 be unqualified. 

Finn claims he is not an 'elitist,' but rather 
that he is seeking a broader educational op-
portunity at a lower cost for all. 

UCSD STUDENT SPECIAL 
r----------------------------, I 

Full 
Size San FUTON & FRAME 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Complete $129 ($159 value) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Keystone $499 L ____________________________ ~ 
plus 1 0% OFF any item 

FUTONS 
by 1453 Gamet Ave. Pacific INch 

270-3880 
7050 Miramar Rd. 
III,. .... 
541-7373 

Beer plus'u/crv 

I FR-EE r $too OFF I 
I 6 oz. cup I Espresso / I 
I o~ coffee I Cap~ucclno I 

EXpire. 11121191 ExpIre. 11121191 

-----~-----Spirits of Saint Germain 3251 Holiday Coun 
La Jola, CA 92037 (619) 455-1414 

(aeross from EI lonco) 
SUN-THURS 1:00 am to 12:00 am, FR!-"T 1:00 am to 2:00 am 

'lbanday, NO¥aDbcr 1.,1991 1bc UCSD Guardian 

PUB SI8F which can be expanded or mer Matthew Schnurcr. T-REG removed. There have been other concems 
CaIIIInuId ......... s. The pub IIa of the facility will among A.S. members about the CCMIIInued from .... 1 
Asaresult,theoomrnittcewasbted be WIlled off willi moveable doors changes made in the original reno- tion (ISIS) and those which process 
to cut some portions of the renova- c:onnecUna it to the main building. vation plan. The A.S. allocated financial infonnation (IFIS) will be 
tion out of the original plan. The new pub wiD serve all stu- $75,000 to the pub renovation last placed on separate computers this 

"'They went over budget when denIa over twenty~ but all stu- April. weekend. 
plmning the renovation, " said Mike dents wiD be able to enter the pub "What the A.S. thought was go- "In the past, both systems were 
HoImes,A.S. vice presidentadmin- area, pendina a ruling by the Alco- ing to be there got cut or changed," on the same computer and the origi-
istrative. boIic Beverap ConIrol Commis- said Holmes. "I don't think the A.S. naI computer wasn' t big enough ... it 

The new pub will feanR • bia- sion(ABC). is unhappy with the changes. It's was antiquated, so the response time 
gel' entrance willi a box office and "1bal's really a matter for the just different from what they origi- was slow," Hickok-Broxton said. 
an added set of doors. ABC todccide, but that's the type of nallyapproved" According to Hickok-Broxton, 

The back walls of the pubwiU be license we want the vendor to apply Schnurer also expressed his dis- the Georgia-based Davox Com-
knocked back JO increue the scaI- for," said Carruthers. satisfaction with the number of plan pany, which supplied and serviced 
ing C81*ity. This will also allow Originally, the walls of the pub revisions. the original computer system, 
outdoor paIio seating for program- area were supposed to be retract- "The A.S. gave $75,000 to this stopped making the necessary hard-
ming events. able, which would have allowed for renovation fora specifIC plan which ware for repairs. 

CanuIbcrs said that the renova- the two areas of the facility to be was presented to them in spring This prompted the Registrar's 
lion win increase the previous stand- connecIrld. quarter, 1991. After the plan went office to switch to Perception Tech-
ing room capecity from 425 to • This was a part of the renovation through 15 to 20 revisions, it's no noIogy, which the Registrar's of-
proximalely 525. plan which was altered because of longer what the A.S. approved," fiee calls a "leader in the fieJd" of 

The 15 pen:enl expansion is a the bud&et shortfall. Schnurer said. computer technology. 
slight alteradon from the original "We looked at malting the open Concerns have also arisen that Despite the additional phone 
goal of 17 to 20 percenL portion of the pub area larger, but undergraduatesdid not have a suffi- lines and reportedly faster response 

The rest rooms will be expanded that was when the stage was else- cient amount of representation on time, many students experienced 
into what was previously the pub's where," said Carruthers. the pub conuninee. Holmes cited no noticeable difference in this 
kitchen area. The plan has not received praise the $75,000 A.S. allocation in com- year's T-REG process. 

This addition is intended to bring from all students. Some are dissatis- parison with a $20.000 allocation Fifth College Junior Julia Cox 
the rest room facilities up 10 build- fJed willi the pub's elq)8OSion. from the GSA. felt it was "about the same as last 
ingcodes. "It makes an adequate concen "I don't think we got the repre- year." 

The pub's staae will remain in its venue a shitty concen venue if you sentation we should have had. Othe.r JunSaito, an undergraduate from 
current position. thoup the com- force half your audience to sit out- than that, I'm happy with the facil- Sophia University in Japan who is 
mince pI,an calls for a new portable side," said fonner A.S. Program- ity," he said. studying at UCSD this year, was 

We (455-1000), The Medical Students (456-4848), Kaplan (277~744) and now Ronkin (587-8600) all have 
programs for this test. Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for it course, call and carefully check out 
what each has to offer. By far your best bet is to talk with former students! We had 96 in. our last program, 
(four classes of 24) and are accepting 96 again this January. Since we usually wait list, please call sooner 
rather than later. When investigating a program, we thIDk you should ask questions like the following: 

What are the credentials of the instructors? How experienced are they? 
Is teaching their subject their exclusive, full-time ~sponsibility? 
How large are the main instructional classes you will be attending? 
How much real opportunity will you have to ask questions? 

For the Sciences Subscores on this new passage-style MCAT, problem solving ability (primarily) and a 
broad command of basic conceptual knowledge (secondarily) comp~ almostthe entirety of the skills you 
need to ace this test. The best way to improve problem solving ~tuition is by solving large numbers of 
them ina small-group format with extremely talented instrudors. There are plenty of excellent prep books 
soon to hit the market, from Flowerso6th Ed., to Simon and Schuster's SuperCourse-, as well as over 15 new-
format practice tests of fair to excellent quality. With all these materials publically available, why take a prep 
course unless it offers superlative instruction in thinkinS skills administered in a small-group fonnat? 

How many passa&e-style QUestions are covered in class? How many do you get to take home? 
How many in-clag boug? How many talinl hom? What is the quality of the review materials? 
How many full-Iensth MeATs are administered? How many are analyzed in class? 

For the Verbal Reasoning subscore, your ability to read for abstract meaning and to follow a particular set 
of logical operations with each question is now paramount. What is the least information required to 
convince yourself that an answer is correct? H you answer a question incorrectly, exactly why is it incorrect? 
You can learn-these skills working alone, but again the best and fastest method involves interaction with 
a real expert in a small pup over as many hours as you can manage. For the Writing Sample subscore, 
professional help is even more aitical. Who will give that advice, and over how many hours? 

Will you be trained in Thesis-Antithesis-Synthesis techniques? How many passages will you read? 
How manx "'I)" will you write? How many will be pmfegionaJlX critiqued and scored? 
Do you yourself learn how to critique and score, as part of understanding the Holistic grading process? 
If you are already verbally expressive, are you taught how to restrict yourself to the proscribed tasks? 

NEWS 7 

more impressed. "We don't have 
such things in Japan," he said, refer-
ring to T-REG, "I wrote a friend 
about it" 

Some students anempting to reg-
isterforWinterQuanerlast Wednes-
day were infonr.cd by the computer 
that theirappoinrment time had been 
cancelled. 

Hickok-Broxton noted that this 
problem was a malfunction of the 
ISIS Communication Module, and 
not a breakdown of the T-REG sys-
tern. 

"We get very few complaints. 
Most students love it," Hickok-
Broxton said. 

The Registrar' soffiee reports that 
over 3,000 students have finished 
the enrollment process since last 
Wednesday, the first day ofT-REG 
appointments. 

According to Hickok-Broxton, 
the o ... er-the-phone services which 
the Registrar's office hopes to have 
ready by the next Fall Quarter will 
include financial aid and housing 
information, admission status for 
prospective students, and end-{)f-
the-quarter grades. 

TIle new compulc:rhardware will 
also eventually allow students to 
charge registration fees to theircredit 
card by telephone, she added. 

.. 

:::=:::=:=::~::::::::::::::::!:::::::::::::::::::::::::~:::::~:::::: 

Your time can be 
better spent than 

doing 
laundry. 

MWBP 
Laundry Services 

provides: 
• Free pick up & delivery 
• 2-day turnaround 
• Professional laundered quality 

459·9478 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thunday, November 1.,1991 

UCSD'S OLDEST FRATERNITY 
The Pi-Xi Chapter Of 

~aU Kappa EpSilo/J 
Celebrates 

A 
DECADE OF DOMINANCE 

November 14,' 1981 - November 14, 1991 
Pi-Xl Chapter Al1Jmnl congratulate the University of 
CalIfornia at San Diego Active members for upholcUq 
the rigid standards of the fraternity for ten glorious 
years. 

Yours In The Bond 

%e City of San 'Diego 
Proc[amation 
Pete Wilson, Mayor 

WHEREAS, Tau Kappa Epsilon fratemity was Jounded in 1899 at Illinois Wesleyan 
University, and through the years has grown to become the wortd's largest fratemlty 
with nore than 300 active chapters and some 130,000 initiates: and 

WHEREAS, Tau Kappa Epsilon is a social fratemlty, but is an organization whose 
principles encourage the building of tomorrow's leaders and stress the importance of 
academics, community concem and Involvement and the building of strong moral 
character; and 

WHEREAS, Tau Kappa Epsilon has begun a westem expansion of Its active 
branches which include two new chapters in Nevada and now the new pioneering 
chapter at the University of Califomia at San Diego; and 

WHEREAS, members of the Tau Kappa Epsilon Intemational staff from Indianapo-
lis will be attending the initiation ceremonies on Saturday, November 14, 1981, which 
will be conducted by Dennis "Buckwheat" Perry, Director of Chapter Development, 
from International Headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana, and local government, 
university and bUSiness leaders will also attend; 

NOW, THEREFORE, I, PETE WILSON, the Twenty-ninth Mayor of the City of San 
Diego, do hereby proclaim Saturday, November 14,1981, to be "Tau Kappa Epsilon 
Day" in San Diego, and with this citation encourage all citJzen8 to recognize the 
benefits that this fratemlty offers Its members, socially, academically and fraternally, 
and to recognize the fratemlty's active community interest and Involvement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto 
set my Hand, this Ninth Day of November, 
Nineteen Hundred and E1ghty-one, and have 
caused the Seal to be affixed hereto: 

TK£ Is grateful 
to the following sponaon: 

Sam Good,. .Acapulco 
Whereho1lH cat_m_raIl Hotel 
Reuben'. Bah._ 
&bonae Sua DleJo Chaqen 
PeklDa Palace Sua Dleao Gun. 
Crown'. PIua Carlo8l1urphy'. 
Kanml Suahl Sc_Un' Restaurant 
Soup EzchaDCe I'M 
Bud. Rock cafe DelMar Stuft PIua 
The Plu Market Sport. Chalet 
EI Crab catcher Kamon Suabl anel 
carlo. Murphy's Japaaae Food 
Family PltDeu Center 
Carlo8 anel AIuale'. cafe 
Re&ent'. Gourmet Market 
T.G.I. Frlcla,.. Rutauraat 
Adftataae UmoUiDe Semce 
Geol'le E. Woap 
ACE, IDc. 
TheFUhtaU 

9 SPORTS 

The NCAA, Magic 
And Sidd Finch 
J UST A ~ NOTES: • If dennatologists around the country stan reporting a 
nalionwide epidemic of dandruff, 
blame it on the NCAA. The 
National Collegiate Athletic 
Association of Collective Huh? 
must have a contract with Head &: 
Shoulders. Not since the Carter 
administration has a body of 
governance caused so many 
people to scratch their heads in 
bewildennent 

Of course, the big mystery 
every year is the men's basketball 
tournament, because that's when 
the NCAA insists on relocating 
Ua..A to North Carolina (that's 
University of California, not 
University of either Carolina) and 
sending Seton Hall to Arizona 

But, as recent events have 
shown, the NCAA, as per 
constitutional amendment, does 
not discriminate against race, 
creed or division status. Explain 
the UCSD women's volleyball 
team traveling all the way to New 
York. Or explain the UCSD 
women's soccer team flying cross 
country to New Hampshire, a stale 
whose most notable athletic 
accomplishment of late was 
landing David Souter on a bench. 
And explain how the UCSD 
men's soccer team was the one 
team out of the three that managed 
to land a host role this weekend 
when even Head Coach Derek 
Annstrong had his bags packed 
and ready to roll. 

THE WOMEN's soccer scenario might be the easiest to justify. 
UCSD hosted the final four just 
two years ago, and the NCAA 
likes to spread the wealth arouncl 
Furthennore, Plymouth State, this 
year's host, is the one remaining 
team still ranked ahead of the 
third-ranked Tritons, Finally, the 
two other teams - Rochester and 
Ithaca - botIt hail from New 
York, so traveling costs would be 
cut down substantially - and the 
NCAA has made no secret about 
its desire to keep costs as low as is 
hUlJW))y possible for the lower 
division spor1lI. 

But allast report. it WIIS 
snowing and raining in New 
Hampshire and the temperature 
was in the «»s.. 

They a1Jady invenred soccer 
on snow. It's caI\ed hockey. 

A NO IF cutting down costs is a goal, explain the predica-
ment of the women's volleyball 
team. The Tritons have to travel 
all the way to New York. You 
can't get any farther away, short 
of sending them to Tokyo. 
They're certainly not heading 
back east because there's a better 
team out there. This is the top-
ranked team in the country, the 
defending national champion. 

They've won the title six out of 
10 times the toun1IIt1ent has been 

See InS, page 10 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 14, 1991 

NCAA DIVISION III SOCCER NAnONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 
MEN'S SECOND AND THIRD ROUND AT UCSD/WOMEN'S RNAl FOUR AT PLYMOUTH STATE, NEW HAMPSHIRE 

- -I 

Clash of the 
Titans, Tritons 
• PrevIew: Men's soccer to face 
Wisconsin-Oshkosh in second round 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

Toby Bares sounds likesan admirerofthe worl<of 
Lou Holtz. The UW Oshkosh head coach i .. doing his 
best to play up the UCSD men's soccer team as the 
second-coming 
of the old New 
York Cosmos. 
Either that or 
he's reading 

• BRACKETS: Updated bruck-
ets for both the men's and the 
women's fields. Pages H, 15. 

from a book of cliches. 
"I think that they are one of the odds-<>n favorites 

in the tournament," Bares said in a statement released 
to the media. "We know that they ' reatough team, but 

See M. SOCCER, Page 15 

'Losing is Not 
An Option' 
• Preview: Women's soccer shoots 
for second crown in three years 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

Some things were not meant to go together: 
baseball played indoors, pizza with pineapples, and 
soccer in New Hampshire in the middle of Novem-
ber. Nevertheless, that 's what the UCSD women's 
soccer learn faces as it embarks on its fifth trip to the 
NCAA Division III final four. 

As the Tritons left yesterday for Plymouth, New 
Hampshire, they were determined not to let anything 
- weather, pressure or other teams-get in lhe way 
of their winning a second national championship. 

Mike Gerhardt will lead UCSD against No. 18 Wisconsin-Oshkosh in the second round UCSD, 15-1-2 on the season, has now been to the 
of the NCAA Division ill toumament this weekend at the North Campus Rec Fields. See W. SOCCER, Page 11 

Is Seven in the Cards? 
• Preview: Women's 
volleyball begins quest 
for second straight title 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

1be cards have been dealt, and 
the only option for the UCSD 
women's volleyball team is to play 
the hand that it's been given. 

Having been infonned that San 
Diego is now considered pan of the 
NorthcastRegion, the Tritons travel 
to Rochester, New Yoric in sean:hof 
their seventh national champion-

ship in 11 years. 
UCSD enters the NCAA Divi-

sion m national tournament as a 
prohibitive favorite to capture its 
second straight title. Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik has gone on record 
- frequently - since roughly the 
second week of the season, as say-
ing "no one in Division m can com-
pete with us. We have our destiny in 
our own hands." 

"The Tritons return every player 
-excqxsener Amy Banachowski, 
who transferred to UCLA - from 

See W, V-BALL, Page 13 

Cross Country 
Set to Host 
West Regional 
• Preview: Tritons 
expected to qualify both 
men's and women's teams 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

It's going to be li~e hosting a 
party in someone else's (expensive) 
home. 

Tritons Go Falcon Hunting in Hawaii 
The UCSD cross country teams 

will host the NCAA Division III 
West Regional this weekend at the 
Rancho Santa Fe Polo Club, but 
only in the sense that they are the 
closest school to the course. • PlMIew: WWPA tourney expected to be renewal 

of rivaby between men's water polo and Air Force 
By Ken,......... 
AssocIate Sports Editor 

The Western Water Polo Ass0-
ciation has been' virtual two-team 
race in recent years with the UCSD 
men's water polo team clinching 
the conference title over rival Air 
Fon:e in both 1988 and 1989. 

UCSD struggled last year, how-
ever, as ir dropped a heartbreaker to 
CSU Los Angeles in the semifinals 

of tile WWPA tournament. The Tri-
tons battled the Golden Eagles 
through two overtimes before fi-
nally succumbing 10-9. 

This year, UCSD and Air Force 
seem to be taking two different ap-
proaches in preparation for the 
WWPA tournament this weekend 
in Hawaii. 

The Tritons (ranked No.9 in the 
nation) took what essenially 

amounts to a two-week hiatus after 
finishing up their regular season with 
a loss to UCLA. They have been 
holding workouts but have played 
no real games and should be well-
rested. 

Air Force, however. appears to 
be hoping to gain momentum and 
cany it through the tournament. 

1be Falcons continued to travel 
in the two weeks leading up to the 
WWPA tournament and faced No. 
3 UC Irvine as recently as Monday. 

See W, POLO, Page 14 

Because the Tritons have never 
raced on the Rancho Santa Fecourse. 

Normally confined to campus, 
Head Coach MaJt Stanforth was 
forced to look elsewhere when he 
found out that UCSD would be the 
host. The course that the Tritons 
normaliy run does not meet NCAA 
standards for a championship meet. 

"The course has to be 10 meters 
wide at ali points," Stanforth said. 
"and ours isn ' t." 

See X-COUNTRY, Page 10 



10 SPOIlTS 

BITS 
ContInued flam .... 9 
played, and they're heavily favored 
to win it again. Only John Wooden 
- or the Kenyon College swim 
teams, but that's another story -
can flash credentials like this. 

And why send La Verne to Oli-
nois or Menlo to Missouri'! The 
combined distance these two teams 
would travel to come to San Diego 
couldn't get them from Mexico to 
Oregon. But now, they'll accumu-
late enough frequent flier miles to 
lake over 1W A. 

This is COSI-cuning? And what 
about the case of the men's soccer 
team? La<;t weekend.AnnsIrong was 
asked about the possibility of the 
Tritons playing at home again this 
year, and he replied with great as-
surance, "I don't see how." 

Maybe the powers that be felt 
like they had to hand out a consola-
tion prize. Russian Roulene makes 
more sense than the NCAA. 

• Magic Johnson's sudden re-
tirement because he tested positive 
for ttIC HIV was probably one the 
saddel!t moments thesporting world 

has ever experienced. And yes, it's 
unfortunate and tragic. But don't 
tum Earvin into a martyr like J.nes 
Dean or Marilyn Monroe. A few 
days ago, Allan Malamud of the Los 
langele.s Times called him one of the 
four most mythical aJhIeces of all-
time. Get IQI. Magic was a fInIaslic 
baske«baJ1 player, a ~in for the 
Hall of Fame, but he hasn't even 
been the best ~yer in the NBA for 
the last five years. Michael Jordan 
has a lock on that. II's questionable 
as 10 whether Magic WIS even the 
besl player of his era. Don'1 fOlJCl, 
before his injuries, Lany Bird was a 
fairly decent player. 

Don't eulogize Magic and try 10 
make him larger than life. Recog-
nize him for what he is and WIS -
a greal basketball player and a cou· 
rageous, stand-up guy. Leave it at 
that. 

• Add Malamud: It seems 10 me 
that if you're going todiscuss mythi-
cal athletes, Sidd Fmch should be 
included somewhere on the list. 

• Bobby Beathard doesn't make 
many mistakes, but that trade 10 get 
Eric Moten with a second-round 
pick is starting to look like an all-

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 

~aily Soft Lensc Extended Sofe Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

.............. _...-r;;._ ..... Daily"gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 
·'ncludes: CL exam. care kit, myopic Ic:nse ,30 

Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ. 
Paraperm. Boston. 

/Of!<rup/m 111/JI9I) 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmont Mesa Blvd. 

• S.rvlc. 
• Q ... Uty .y.c.r. 
• •••• o •• bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

4' Cash for College 
\ Over 3 Million Students Will 

Qualify For CoUege Grants & Scholarships 
• Learn the quickest & easiest ways you can win both scholarships and 

financial aid awards 
• Learn how to imprOlle your chances for a Pell Grant 
• Learn how to increase the amount of your Guaranteed Student Loa.'l' 
• Learn how much money you are eligible to receive so you can choose the 

schools that best suit your true financial need 
• Our computer data base contains information on Oller 200,000 proWlers 

of more than $30 bilUon of finandal aid 
• For more information and a FREE copy of 

10 Ways To Stretch Your Scholarship Chances! 
fill out and mail the attached coupon TODAY! 

r---- ----, 
I I INa~ I 
I Address I 
I City State __ Zip I 
I Phone l .J I I I 
I Mall Coupon to: ~- I 
I --.. ~\ 'u_ 6575·1 Paseo Del Nortlj I Carlsbad. CA 92009 ~ 1r - (619) 929-0122 

Tbc UCSD GUMdian 

time boo-boo. (He swla~ a 
fUSl-round pick MIl with theOlarg-
ers' record,itcouJdbetheNo. I pick 
in the draft.) 

• AI the beJinnina of the year, 
Jerry Rice WIS sayilllthat he would 
like 10 break Steve LargenI's record 
for most touchdown receptions in a 
career this year. But rigbl now he 
hIS just eigbl, MIl with Steve Bono 
behind cenIer, he rniJbt be lucky to 
bleak 10. 

• The DaJJas Cowboys are qui-
etly building a first-class football 
orpnization, but they'll never be 
able 10 capture the clau of the Tom 
Landry era. 

• Here's a rarity: quite a few 
NBA rookies are looking like keep-
ers. 01ecIt out Dikembe Mutornbo, 
Larry Johnson, Billy Owens, Rick 
Fox and Stacey Augmon. 

• Granted career performance 
means something, but Glem Davis 
getting $3.3 million a year after 
missing three-fourths of last season 
with an injury is ridiculous. He 
doesn't play, and he gees a nlise? 
Sometimes Major League BasebaU 
makes as much salle IS the NCAA. 

• Larry Holmes? Yabs. 

SPECIAL ~ 
OFFER .... 

$25 Discount on 
Electrolysis Treatments c:: 

(pcrmilncnl hair r{'lllova!) 
DI\Count t:nnd lor ,l ""lny jrfolllnt'nts 
ol!t nL"t"tIcd -'Of 0f'IC lull yr'ilr 

AliTA . 
FR(E CONSULTATION 
454-6980, 717 P~arl SI. 
Stc. 208·0. La jolla 
O~r Set-vic .. : 

• WiIJU"S 
• F.lCIJI 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
Is none of 011' concem, but selll~ 

what you sell is. 
h II. M\J"h'n ..... at .. 

F A I R M A I R "S 

USED 501 /5 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS 

$99-$139 
(new) 

COSTUMES I 
FUN. FUNKY 
FUNTIO NAL 
RESALE aOTHES I 

4879 NEWPORT M . OCEAN BEACH 
M·W. II III 6:11 • 222'()220 

X-COUNTRY 
CGIIaIIuId froM ..... 9 

Stanfocdl added dill the quality 
of the c.mpus course is erodinB, 
resulting in poor fooling, particu-
larly near the trees. 

So the Tritons will relocate 10 the 
lush.peen~ofthePoioaub. 
"I Ihink it's ideal," S..,forth said.. 
"One thin,1 feel that is importanl 
[for reaionnJs) is to run on a course: 
thai' 1 not IOOdernanding.1 think iI's 
a misIake to run on a ha&d, hilly 
coone and tJeaI ounclves up." 

Stanforth won'l have to worry 
about that happening this ye.v. II 
doesn'l get much f1aaer than a polo 
field. Whallhey will have to worry 
about is Occidental. 

On the men's side, the Tigers are 
the favorites after finishing fifth at 
last year's national championships, 
and they return five of their top six 
runners. 

"OccidenIaJ is a pretty clear fa-
vorite," Stanforth said. '"There's a 
slimchancc that we could give them 
ago. We'd nec:da big day from quice 
a few people and an off~y from 
their fifth guy, who's been incon5is-

Thunday, Now:mbcr 1., 1991 

tent." 
According 10 Scanforth, UCSD 

will run Sam Gwynn, Fussum 
Keflezighi, Mark Yuen, Jeff 

. Hernandez, Sieve Stuan, Mall 
Ringer.ooSteve Fenster. The latter 
thnle made the squad hased on their 
finishes at the California Collegiate 
Atheltic Association meet two 
weeks..,. 

"They were the ones I was wait-. 
ing for 10 run like I thought they 
couId," Stanforth said. The top two 
teams in the men's race will qualify 
forthe national championship meet. 

The UCSD women (No. I? in 
the nation) are the favorites 10 cap-
ture lhe one qualifying spot for na-
tionals. They should be challenged 
by Occidental. "Occidental should 
beat us up front, but their fourth and 
fifth people: haven't been that good," 
Stanfonh said. 

Another possible challenger is 
Pomona, bur Stanforth said that the 
Tritons' depth on both the men's 
and women's side should beenough 
to overcome any challengers. 

"We have better depth on both 
the men's and women's side than 
anyone," he said. 

J- CGrriUo, MAaulfGChll'iftc EnciRm 
Northrop Fellowship Rtcipien. 

"At Northrop, I'm able to meet and talk with the engineers 

and scientists who are the authors of cutting-edge technology. And 
I get involved in this creative process." 

We're always looking for graduates eager to apply their creative 

minds to advanced technology in Engineering, Computer Science and 

Manufacturing. 

As a Fellowship recipient, yooll cam a salary, a wide rqe ri 
employtt benefits and a generous yearly stipend. Our work/study 
program covers boob, fees and tuition. 

Northrop is a Ieadtr in developing a wide range ri commercial 
and defense aerospace and electronic products, stealth technc:Jqy and 
innovative manufacturing processes. 

So look into Northrop' Graduate Fellowship program. Please 
contact orthrop Corporation, taffing & College Relations Fellowship 

Program, I J ICC, Depr. C 1191, 1840 Century Park East, Los Ani.Jfle , 
C:\ 1).\"Yl7. EOE M F HV. L. m:(n,hlp r(l\ulred. 

11.,~ flAk, ~¥(r)Clt/fed1f)d/tJf' tJirp-
NORTHROP 

Thursday, November 14, 1991 

W.SOCCER 
ContInued fnIm ..... 9 
final fourcach of the last four years, 
wiMing the title in 1989. The Tri-
IOns face defending national cham-
pion Ithaca(17-2-3) in the firsl semi-
fi na1 game on Saturday. 

hhaca is al 0 making its fourth 
consecutive trip to Ihe final four. 
The Tritons downed the Bombers to 
win the title in 1989, but Ithaca 
rebounded lasryearto win thecham-
pionship against Cortland State. To 
eam a spot in this weekend's com-
petition, the Bombers beat Nonh 
Carolina Wesleyan and Trenton 
State in the South Regional. 

Kristin Kaupang, Paige Miller, 
Lorrie Deyle, and Lisa Moore are 
the leading scorers for Ithaca. The 
Bombers have outscored their op-
ponents 40-8 this year. 

In the other semifinal, host Ply-
mouth State(I6-I-I} faces the Uni-
versilY of Rochester (l6-3-1), who 
knocked off top-ranked William 
Smith last weekend in the regional 
final. Rochester, UCSD,and Ithaca, 
respectively, have won the last three 
national titles. 

The Tritons plan on sticking with 
the same winning formula that has 
gotleO them this far: a potent, at-
tacking offense that dictates an up-
tempo game. "To try and change 
anything now would becrazy,"Head 
Coach Brian McManus said. 
''1bey're as ready as they're ever 
going 10 be, and we'll just take it 
from there." 

UCSD has outscored its oppo-
nents 65-6 this year, which is 2.S 
more goals dwllthaca has scored. 
The Tritons have also given up two 
fewer goals than the Bombers. 

Part of the Tritons' defensive 
success is due 10 pie Jenelle 
Welling. who has recorded 13 shut-
outs this year. UCSD's stingy de-
fense is also a ~It of an attacking 
offense that just overwhelms opPo-

r , 
New York 

$179~ 
'179-L...... "" •. 

.... 'Itt· ,...,. '171· 

... MI.· 
"AI ,... ... .n w.rt.cd onall:lll'd1p 

~ T_ net IncUZd. Some Idle· 
lien 1AlIY. SIdInt "'IIWI' be~. 
• •• 1 ........ ."." 

nents, not giving them any chance 
to mount an attack. 

The Triton offense is led by a 
forward line that has caused goalies 
sleepless nights. Cheryl Parker, Katy 
Dulock and Karin Lindsay - all 
seniors - have combined for 33 of 
the Tritons' goals. 

But UCSD knows that the ele-
ment mosl responsible for their 
domination this season has been its 
leamwork and intensity. 

1bat intensity was at an all-time 
high lasl weekend during the West 
Regional. Maintaining that same 
level will be a key for any success 
that the Tritons might have at the 
final four. "We just have to come 
out and know that we're as good as 
the rest of them. The seniors need to 
keep it positive and tell the young 
players how good it feels to win. 
And we're going to do it," Lindsay 
said. 
_ "Youcan'tletitoverwhelmyou • 

just take it like any other game. I 

ncilTravei 
ucso Pnee caur(by the POll 0fIIcc) 
451·0630 
~-------------Nail Specials 

ACRYLIC s18 99 
NAILS • 
(R!i $35) 
TIp Overla, '24.95 

fils tt2 Reg. $15· New clients only I 
........ nn ..... willi "" ... Reg. $45 

.. tlc .............. tL.. I 
............... sa 

__ ~~~~~ __ : .. ::tlc: .... ::~ .. ~.~F:.:~:I.~~::~R:eg~.~$:3:5____ : 
NAILS BY JENNIFER .. IN AND WOlliN I 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

HoI..,. WIllI lIlY OIlIer ohIs. ~ 1111M1 
L ____________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTSll 

,,"" ,I ..;w:!:: .... ~ 
~ . • TNIIIIIIt Slate 

At M. Washington 

; ·1 io~w..,.~ 

November 
16-17,1991 

can't think of doing anything differ-
ent," fullback Sally Weigand said. 

According to McManus, the 
match·up between the high-scoring 
Tritons and the low-scoring Bomb-
ers should favor UCSD: "This is the 
playoffs so anything can happen, 
but if we stay with our game we've 
gOl a good sho!.lf we just keep after 
the ball and on the anack we should 
lake care of it," he said. 

There is no lack of playoff expe-
rience on the Tritons and after last 
weekend's regional, confidence is 
brimming over the top. 

But they also lQIize that they're 
up against three other teams who 
also have been consistenl national 
contenders. 

McManus believes that the team 
that is relaxed and loose has the 
advantage. "1bey've been prepar-
ing for this all season, but you've 
gOl to remember to have fun. We 
have to keep our focus but also 
we've got to have some fun, and 
then what happens happens." 

The outlook forUCSD?Talking 
to the players, there is no question 
about who's going to win. "If we 
play like we know how, then we 
have more skill than any team 
around. We know we can win," said 
midfielder Cindy Eddy. 

Katy Dulock agreed: "We' re 
going into every game knowing 
we're going to win. It's not even a 
question. Losing is not an option." 

NCAA OMSION III WOMEN'S SOCCER NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
RNALFOUR 
• WHIRl: Plymouth State, 
Plymouth, New Hampshire. 

• WHEN: Semifinals start 
Saturday, Nov. 16 at II a.m. 
(EST). Winners to play in 
final, Sunday, Nov. 17. 

• WHO: No.3 UC San Diego 
(15-1-2) vs. No.5 Ithaca (17-2-
3) and No.2 Plymouth State 
(16-1-1) vs. No. 14 Rochester o..l.tdloMfJ~ 
(16-3-1). Senior Katy Dulock 

ITHACA COLLEGE 

The defending national champion Bombers are entering their 
fourth straight final four. Last year, they defeated Cortland State 1-
o on penalty kicks. This year's squad lacks the scoring prowess of 
previous years, having scored just 40 goals in 22 games. But that 
might not be a factor considering that the temperature in New 
Hampshire is expected to be in the low 50s. Ithaca is led by Kristin 
Kaupang (eight goals), Paige Miller (six) and Use Moore (five). 
UC SAN DIEGO 

The Tritons have the most offensive firepower of any .team 
remaining in the toumament, with the senior forward line of Katy 
Dulock, Karin Lindsay and Cheryl Parkerand mid fielder Kalyn Shea 
having accounted for42 goals this year. Butlhey might be neutralized 
by the chilly New Hampshire weather. The defense has been sensa-
tional in the tournament, allowing just one shot in last weekend's 
West Regional. It has even gonen inon the scoring with fullbacks Eva 
Kingsbury and Sally Weigand tallying goals against :ii. Mary' s. 
UCSD is making its fifth final four appearance-and founh straight 
- in the six-year history of the tournament. 

GIl_ian Classifieds 
They work. 
For more infonnation 
CALL 534-5416 

WEISIEI1 ... srlElTS 
'WNd You""" Go To 

A SP£EDYC'Aitt WIIIh 
Of • NiIn-~ CoIn w.IIr 

100%AGAEED 

'SPEEDY COIN WASH 

The "Sun" is always shining at 
Trim & Tan 

3251 Holiday Ct. #204 (near UCSO) 45IS~D9t[)9' 
2 TANS $1 One for you, one for a friend 

TAN DAYS $29 
Call for delaits • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
loN 6" G ...... nt ... 
European Body Wra~nly $48 
Not a l18mporary walllr loss ' Reduce cellulite and stretell maills 



11 CLASSIPIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ctICKINI'BTAlnltll HoIIdayCt (next 
to at. Qennaln'.) -*I .. you to Itp 0U1 
their coupon and..,. \him allY. (1 CVl+ 
11125) 

'looIdng lor a JIwIIh COI.JK'IIonT Cal 
JewilhCampulc.wn.l.otIoIactMIiIL 
534-2521 . (lor.M-1113O) 

DISNEYlAND PARTY BUS- HoY. 30th 
All DAY, S45each, IndudM ~ 
and ticMtI IIIUI only. LA GARMENT 
DISTRICTSHOPPtNG, Dee. 7 AllDAY, 
S22 each. PIOCIIIdI t.NIIt (hyhound 
drIvera atrtka fund. (819) 231-8018. (101 
31-11125) 
DISSERTATION WRITER'S groupl 
completion worbhop.. For Info call 
Postgraduate Group (619) 6112.()966. (101 
31-1215) 
SAVE YOUR COUNTRY. Enjoy lively 
political diacusllons and debates. Join 
the College Democrats. Every Tuesday, 
7 p.m., Price Center Ubrary Lounge (2nd 
floor) near the game room. (1 111 t-l (121) 
Looking lor an Intellectually challenging, 
spiritually lultilling church family? 
Community Church, 2088 Beryl Streel, 
Pacific Beach. Sundays: Adult Forum -
challenging issues. 9 a.m.; Worship, 10:30 
a.m .. 274-6600. Jerry lawritson, pastor. 
(11/14) 

SERVICES 
Olga SarI - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-46441226·1962. 
(9123· t 215) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you walt. Xeroxes 
and more. Near 5t. Germain's. 452·9949. 
(9123-6J4) 

Brou? Broun hearted? booWd out 
or beat up? Swift & Connolly specialize 
in representing UCSD students, staff and 
faculty In bankruptcy, family law,landlord· 
tenant and personal Injury mailers. Call 
481·8842 to arrange a ..... 112 hour 
consultation. (10121·1215) 
Word Processlng/Typing: Academic 
manuscripts, papers. Iheses. lellers. 
resumes. Accuratellast service. Mary Ann, 
452-9439. (10128-1 tl18) 
learn volleyball. Reline skills for your 
9rass/sand volleyball game. Call Greg at 
546·1421 lor more info. (10/28·1215) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL; 
Experienced. Word Processing for 
everyone. Engineerslchemlsts -
scientific word processor. Edit: reports. 
manuscripts. resumes, dissenations. 
Laser Prinler. 152t 5ummitAve., Cardiff. 
FAX: 633·1624. VOICE; 753·5964. (111 
7-1215) 
WORD PROCESSING. Teachers and 
students . Theses. term papers, 
manuscripts, resumes. Laser printer. 
Caroline Starr. 224·3679. (11/11-1215) 
PIANO LESSONS - Experienced. 
supportive teacher near campus. 
Classics. pop, rock. All levels welcome, 
Joan, 457-8065. (11 /11-11121) 

The UCSD Guardian Th~y,N~I~I991 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 lor 
students (jor personal use only), $3lor faculty and staff, and $4 for OIhers. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (mode payable 
to 1l1e UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday lor 
Monday's issue, and 3 pm. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to reluse any advertising including bul not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA, top floor. 

TAKE YOUR BREAK IN GREAT 
BRITAIN I Exchange vacalionl arrMged 
~ .tudentI in England & America. 
DiIcount air IanI IV~. STUDENTS 
ABROAD. LTD., PO BOX 944. 
Orangevale, CA 95682. (800) 428-8538, 
Fax: (916) 635-1 t65. (11114-11125) 

WANTED 
Relail ctothlng salespeople. Alt shifts 
available. Unique opportunity with fast 
growing company. Apply with APPAREL 
DESIGNER ZONE. 8250 Camino Santa 
Fe .. Ste 1, San Oiego 92121 (Miramar 
area), 450·3324. (9123-1 215) 
BEING m is hiring experienced aerobic 
teachers for Clalremont location. Flexible 
hours. Calt lanny. 483·9294. (9123·1215) 
COs, casselles, VHS movies. Top $$ 
paid. Musk: Trader, 7094 Miramar Rd. 
693·1469. (9J30.1215) 
Summer management Internship 
interviews now taking place. Gain valuable 
experience managing a lilam of 
employees, customers and suppliers. 
Majority of hiring will be compleled by 
November. Average gross profit is 
$t t,287. Call Triple 'A' Student Painters 
for Information now. 1·800-426-6441 . (1 0/ 
10·116) 

ALASKA SU .... ER EIFLOYMENT -
fisheries. Earn $5,OOO+/month. Free 
transponationl Room and boardl Over 
8,000 openings. No experience 
necessary. Mala or 'emale. For 
employment program call Student 
6mploymentServicesat 1·206·545-4155 
ext. 113. (10121-11121) 
We're looking for a top Iratemity, sorority 
or student organization that would like to 
make $500·$1500 for a one week 
marketing project right on campus. Must 
be organized and hard worlling. Call 
Rober1 at (800) 592·2121 . (10131-11118) 
Assistance with child care and lighl 
housekeeping in Del Mar. 3childran ages 
1 month, 2 years, and 6 years. Various 
ongoing shifts. Own car. 755-6172. (11/ 
4-1215) 
Help wanted. Christmas help. 15 part· 
time retail openings. $8.20 to start. Can 
remain PT 2nd semester. Corporale office 
3 mites from campus. For info call 495-
2577. (tl/4-11121) 

STRATFORD COfFEE HOUSE In Del 
Mar it ~ hiring countarlpMtry help. 
Contact Tim 0( Lance, 481 -8590. (lIn· 
1212) 
Wanted: Growing International Dining & 
Travel corporation seeks sales agents. 
Earn thousandswhileatschool. Call (800) 
527-3355. (11n·11/18) 

Director for ACA accredited not·lor-profi1 
gir1s resident camp. Ten-wMk season 
with part·tlme pre·camp work. 
Qualifications: ACA certification. 
Experience with horses and aquatics 
preferred. Resume to Julie Fabsik. 1231 
Upas St .. San Diego. CA 92103. AAI 
EOE. (11n·l tl2t) 
Wanted; Subjects from Southern Boston 
areas are needed lor musk: p8fC8ption 
experiment. No music experience 
necessary. $101hour. Call 558-1385. (111 
11-11 /18) 
DO YOU LOOK GREAT .. A HAT? 
local L.A. hat designer needs females 
and males for upcoming hat show. (714) 
251-8800. (11111·11/14) 

WANTED: Energetic sales raps. FIe~ibte 
hours. $3OO-$600/month. Independent 
marketing corp. Contact Julie, 5'58-5933. 
(11111 .11121) 

Profeslor'~ kids need big slster/mother'. 
helper weekends and some afternoons. 
Experience ~. 453-4798. (111 
11-11114) 

PART TIME HELP WANTED. 
International Corporation seeking 
professional, detaif oriented raceptionis1l 
secretary. Must be available to work 
mornings and must type 40+ wpm. $6.251 
hour. Call 793-1801. (1 tll'-11/18) 
.1 FUNDRAISER NATIONWIDE. Your 
fratemity. sorority, 0( o\hercampus group 
can eam beIwHn $500-$1000 In less 
than 7 days. You pay absoIu18fy nothing. 
Call: 1-8()().735-20n Ext. 3. (11/14) 

FOR SALE 
Futon and frame, $95. MaItrass and box 
spring-OM. $75. Coff8eand end tables, 
$25·35. Futon sofa·bed, $219.587-0095. 
(I012t-11121) 
1986 Honda EIile80 scooter. Fun. raIIabIe 
lransportation. Eaay parklngl Low miles. 
$800 abo. 272-8643. (11/4-11121) 

WETSUITI O'Neil RMc:1or 312 fuIIuI1. 
~ mM.Goodconcfton.c.II 
Roger, 558-7878. (1114-11114) 

For .. : Relax BOOK ext. dIak drIYe for 
MAC. $100. Cal Steve, 458-0338. (111 
11-11114) 

For .... : 8' couch. In good condition. $75. 
W~ldeIiver. Call 270-9784. (11111 .11114) 

MAC SE 40MB HD, 4MB RAM, AND 
ACCELERATOR. Tons of software 
incfuding CAO and System 7. LoIS of 
games. Canon T·90with 351200mm lens 
and 300 Tl spMdlite flash. An .-ome 
camera wilh e .. y-to-use electronic 
leatures. call Casey at 453-7570 0( 534-
7694. BEST OFFERI (11111·11118) 

Volvo 164E. Automatic. 4-<1oor. Great 
transportation, well maintained, receipts. 
OM parts, OM paint. $650. 270-4331. 
(11111-11114) 

1982 Kawasaki 550, asking $650. Runs 
great. Seiko dive watch, $70. Kirll, 458-
1784. (11111-11114) 

Snowboardl Mamboo 160 wi Sims 
bindings. 6 NU Antigravity 170 wi Sims 
bindings. Both great con<ition. 459-3061 , 
Russell. (11114·11/18) 

~ebladctutonw/cover. Excellent 
condition, $70. ConIac:t John, 453-7159. 
(11114-11118) 

BIANCHI 12-spMd men's racing bike. In 
great condition. Must set .. $165 abo. Call 
Ralph, 587·1456. (11114-11118) 

"SprInt" home for ThankagivIng In your 
OWN 1985 Chevyl GrMI condI1Ion. 35 
mpg. $1475. 53().2481, ~nga. (111 
14) 
1984 Toyota Corolla. 5 sp, AC, bMutlful 
condIIion. mec:hanic:aIIy' excellent, S3500 
obo. 534-5342. 461-2884. (11114) 

HOUSING 
Wanted - AfracenIric, veg. female to 
shara duplex In CardIff, near beech, $400 
+ 112 utllitiea. Adesina. 436-54Ot. (1114-
11/18) 

Wanted; female roommate to share two 
bedroom luxury condo starling next 
quaner. $45OImonth. Kristine, 452-8776. 
(11114-11125) 

NO INITIATION FEE .. c ....... C ..... n 

Gen 111II VIlla condo for ..... End unit 
litua" In quiet area among pine. 
....... 1ftII .......... 2rn.ter 
bedlooma (eaay to COIIIIert to 3). 1 112 
bib. 1/4 mI. from UCSO. 1 IIIodl from 
UrWanIIy Towneeer.r. Palo. pool. and 
cower.d carpoIt. '1.:1.000. CaI.-on" 
5S8-2484 or 534 .a. (11/11.1212) 
MATURE. RELIABLE ROO .... ATE 
WANTED to ..... 2 bcII2 t. ..-m.lelo1. 
Own room IftII ..." ,.. UTe. Pool. 
jecuZZI. gMOa. $31~ + 113 ~ 
Cal Ellen. -.-7. (11111.11114) 

~WIIIIIed: ......... own room In 
~ CIty condo. o..t roomiaal 
$315. Cal 587·1330. (1111,.,1114) 
011 Marconclofor ...... FumIahed, tum-
key. 2 bedlooma. 1 112 baIhI on 2 tev.II. 
c:on- iIenIy Ioc.-d at DII Mar HeighII 
and Mango Dr. AVIIIIIbIa ~. $8451 
month. 753-2458. (11114-11118) 
Roommate wanted: MIF, NS, own 
bedroom. share bath in 2 baf\l4bec1room 
(v.)' large) houIe In Cardiff. Large yard. 
gaqge, WID, wl3 oItIIr 1tudanIa. Ocean 
vWonc:lMrdaya. ~5582. (11/14-111 
25) 

Room for rant In nerr.anta. New house 
with a1t appliances. cable, and niea 
bllckyard. 0uIet a ... 15 minutes from 
campus. $3101month plus 1/4 utilities. 
467-9742. (11114-11118) 
Room tor rant. CIoae to campus, washerl 
dryer, security deposit. $395Imonlh. 450-
6935. (11/14) 
Room - furnished - $350. Ulilities inc. 
TMIrTISaIlIa. Non-smoker, pool and spa. 
279-4689. (11/14·11118) 
Room in E. Del Mar. $360 plus deposit. 
Easy goin9, creative, considerate 
individual. Vegetarian. 792-5698. (11114) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: Watch, Warren FNIId on 10127. 
CafI458-5068. (11n-11114) 
Found: A pair of eyeglasses outside 
Peterson Hall on Monday. 11/4 around 
4:30 p.m. Call 534-5681 to cIalm. (1111' . 
tl/18) 
l.oIt. black r1m glaa.ln gray cloth cue. 
loIt on 11/5 ...... idevfIIe AudfIDrIum. 
450-9018. (11114-11/18) 

PERSONALS 
Jeanne - ant you ready to play now? 
(t1II4) 
Hay SIgma CN.gIIpayc:hed forSUJrtIay's 
barbell The Beach Bunnlel of Alpha 
OmIcron PI. (11114) 
Come oul and enjoy Sigma Kappa'. all-u· 
can-eat pancaII8 breakfast In Warren 
Commona Sunday 9-12. (11114) 
PIKaps-you guys are awesomel Sigma 

~ had a greallima at the Caribbean 
Fridayl (11114) 
Hey SIgma Nu, we had fun with you I 
Love, Shannon and BnIe. (11114) 
To my Ut Sig Kap SIs Dana - you ant so 
aweeomel- Love BIg SIs Shannon. (111 
14) 
Iva you struggling with Shenk? II OASIS 
cfoIed? Cal the Math Doctor: 453-m5. 
(11114-1113) 

........ 
FIoppr DIIIIa At only $20 8 month with no 

contract, you can't get 8 
better bargain. 

486-33Mftz, 256K Cache 
'1699 386-25MHz 

5.25"11.2 tI) ..................... $.79 
3.S"n ." tI) .................... . S.89 

OIiorexp..o ,,_, 

• AEROIIICS • LFECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEJIOI( STEPS 
• STAIIIIIASTERS • CLEAN All) SPACIOUS 
• NAUTIlUS • PERSONAlINSTRUCTlOll 

• 4 -.a FIIOII CAIIIUIS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Ciliremont SquIre ShoppIng Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind pars Sport) 
483-9294 

also located nM' SOSU (698-1702) 

386-33MHz, 64K Cache '1099 
'1199 

AI Abaow. 11 ...... Include 
-Turbo LED CUe -\IGA 14" Monitor 
-I FuI MB RAM -Ser,f'ar,Game UO PerIl 
-Western DIgitIII (2) tW Controller eCIock. CaIendIr, 

Mouse PadI ........................ 54 
Serial t.to..e ............. From S25 
PrirMr PIper ...................... CaI 
CcIn'IpMf Componenta ..•.. CaI 
C8bIeI ............................... Cal 
Camputar UpgradeI ......... CaI 
PrinIIrI ............................... Cal 

- TEAC 5.25"/1 .2 Floppy Drive & BatIery Beck-up 
- TEAC 3.5"'1.44 Floppy Drive -101 Enhanced KeybOIIrd 1!!!!!!!.!~~2.!~L,. 
... (111M) HInI DrM eFcrmaIIadfT8II8d 
- 16 Bit VGA Card (256K) 

PI'-&CIjIct to Chqe wiIIDIa nab 
WIlla .. 3,....1Iba. 1 y.-,.,. 

•• an ........... .... 

Mf 9-7 554-1265 Sat. 106 
3251 HoI' CM, Suite 203 

Thursday, NOYCDlbcr 14, 1991 

SUNY BROCKPORT 

Brockpon is making its third 
straight appearance in the NCAA 
toumainenL The Golden Eagles 
are led by 5-6 outside hiners 
Missy Cassarino and Rikki Can-
nioto, The pair is OI1C-tWOon the 
team in kills. Because both 
Cassarino and Cannioto are left 
outside hitters, theGolden Eagles 
focus the brunt of their attack 
from' that side. Cannioto is per-
haps the ream's best all-around 
player, leading in kills, service 
aces and digs. 

Sellers Alayne Miller and 
Michelle Malta have split time 
andsportalmostcompletelyiden-
tical statistics - 605 and 603 
assists respectively. Another 
player to look for is right outside 
hitter Greta Spas, who is second 
on the team in digs and first in 
solo blocks (65). At 5-11, she is 
also the Golden Eagles' tallest 
player. 

CORTLAND STATE 
Conland State is making its 

seventh straight appearance in 
the tournament. The Red Drag-
ons are led by setter Deirdre 
Laverty and outside hitter Rocky 
Shott. 

On the attack, Cortland State 
likes to go outside to the 5-8 
Shott. She led the Red Dragons 
with 383 kills, and is their best 
all-around player having finished 
second in digs with443,and third 
in service aces with 60. 

Cortland State also looks for 

!':. ' . Rochester InsIiIu&e 
ofTec:bDoIogy, Roches_. New 
YeP. 
• ttl.e: First A)UIId IOday 5 
pm.. 7:30 p.rn. (ES'I). second 
!O'IOCl Friday. Nov. IS, S p.m., 
7:30 p.m.. winneIs to meet 
SaIuniay. Nov. 16,7:30 p.m. 

• WIlD: No. 1 UC San Diego 
(23-5). No. 5 RIT (44-2) byes. 
No. 19 Conland State (46-11) 
YS. No. 21 Brockport (41-6) and 
No. 13 Stony Brook (~) vs. 
No. 24 Wellesley (27·5) 

middle blocker Liz Furey and 5-7 
outside hitter Erin O'Sullivan on 
offense. They were second and third 
on the team in kills. 

Laverty is the quarterback, lead-
ing theRed Dragons in assists (1208) 
and digs (446). Furey led Cortland 
State in blocks with 59 and was 
second in service aces with 62. 

ROCHESTER INST. TECH 

The Tigers are making their third 
appearance in the tournament and 
the first under rookie Head Coach 
Jim Lodes. They might be the hot-
test team in the tournament, having 
won 27 matches in a row. 

On offense, the big gun i 5-7 
sophomore outside hitter Kris Gmy, 
who led the team with 472 kills. 
Julie Bergen, a 5-9 outside hitter. 
was second with 371 . 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sophomore Heather Holtzclaw 

The setters are Liang Guik Khaw 
and Jennifer Polo. Polo, in particu-
lar, could pose problems for oppo-
nents. At 5·7 she is big enough to 
attack, as well as set. She is third on 
the tearn in kills with 239. 

STONY BROOK 
The Patriols opened the year at 

15-0. en route to capturing runner-
up honors in the state champion-
ship. 

Stony Brook, making its second 
straight appearance in the tourna-
ment, is led by Srasia Nikas and Jill 
Pessoni on offense. Pessoni is one 
of the team's better defensive play-
ers as well. having led the Patriots 
with 3.34 digs per game. Another 
player to watch at the net is Janna 
Kuhner. who had 36 solo blocks on 
the year. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

UC SAN DIEGO 

The top-~ed Tritons are 
far and away the biggest team in 
Ihis regional wilh nine players 
topping the S·8 marie 

More so than most teams. 
UCSD likes 10 attack down the 
middle. utilizing 5-10 AII-
American middle blocker Eliza· 
beth Tan-considered by many 
to be the best in the country in 
Divisionlll - and 5-W sopho-
more HeatherHoltzclaw. UCSD 
also looks to 5-11 outside hiller 
Vikki Van Duyne. who led the 
team in kills with 238. AnOlher 
player to watch is 5-9 outside 
hiller Liz Ve anovic who has a 
habit of coming up big when Ihe 
chips are down. 

On defense. look for Dana 
Simone, the team-leader in digs 
and. according to Head Coach 
Doug Dannevik, one of the best 
defensive players in the school' s 
history. Setter Julie Fabian has 
been outstanding this year, lead-
ing the ':IIay with 893 assists. 

WEllESLEY 
Wellesley isone of the small-

est and youngest teams in the 
tournament wilh six freshmen 
and two sophomores on the ros-
ter. The brunt of the attack. 
though, comes from two senior 
co-captains - 5-1 I middle 
blocker Diala Nassar and 5-7 
middle blocker Krisl i na Silvetz. 
The pair lead Wellesley in al-
most every offensive and defen-
sive category .. 

VEARS 
A' HEAD 
HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg . $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 

SPORTS 13 

w. V-BALL 
ContInued from pace 9 
last season 's title·winning team. 
Furthennore.they have been ranked 
No. I in the country all year, with 
their only losses coming to SDSU 
and four mnked Di v ision I [schools. 

For the Tritons. this weekend 's 
regional looks 10 be Iiule more than 
a waml-up fornext weekend's final 
four. But Dannevik has noted that 
anything can happen - and fre-
quently does - in the NCAA tour-
nament. Still, if anyone from the 
Northea t Regional is to knock 
UCSD off. it would probably be 
considered the biggest upset in Ihe 
loumament 's II -year histo.)'. 

Rochesler Institule of Technol-
ogy would appear 10 have Ihe best 
shot. The Tigers are mnked fifth in 
Ihe country and will be playing in 
front of their home crowd. RITaiso 
matches up with the Tritons in per-
sonnel and size berterthan any olher 
team in the regional. Both team 
have first-round byes and would not 
meet untillhe regional final. 

As for the Tritons. they will be 
led, as Ihey have all year. by AlI-
American middle blocker EI izabeth 
Tan and outside hiller Vikki Van 
Duyne. If there is a question mark 
for UCSD. it would be that setter 
Julie Fabian. who replaced 
Banachowski at the beginning of 
this year. saw limited action last 
year. particularly in the tournament 
and final. 

BUI she has played extensively 
this year. and the Tritons haven't 
missed a beat since lasl year's final, 
rolling 10 a 23-5 mark. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

8950 Villa La 10lla Dr., Ste.2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PL EASE CALL 

FREE 
DOlEN 
9low~rs de gifts 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave • 

San Diego, CA 92122 

CARNAIIONS 

558-6666 
\\ Ith PU' t"hJ.t,c Ilf S 10 1 If' mltc, 
\111 \-;lhd \\Ilh ;my • litter off,,," 
E,p. 11128191 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

, .. 

.. 
·W.DdMr 
World Wid<' 

~.'IH10f,pfl1 "11.'11'11 
'"If 1 1 P III ..... ,:t\ l ( ... {) IIJ 



'~ 

a SPOllTS 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
............... 

.s.dIo.-y ... llfr., 11-.. 01_", 
.... .,.._ . .,..,ioJdmol, ___ ...... ,.._. 
UCSD ... p . l1li ..... _ ." .......... UCSD 
~ 1/5W~ Drioc WI .. u JaIl. CA 9JJ9~I" 
V .. CM .... ..,.alflO ...... fAIor', M.II"CiuU 
oIIlet. _ ... ow ~C-. 

.OCSO ....... "'" l1li,."." ,1opIt .. _ ..... 
r .. Gow ... lUll l1li......,... oIl1J',!lIe., PIzzaia. 

.u.y ...... _-_._., .. 
JIICIps. ... IIt_ ....... pria_. Ia ...... oI • 
... . drJ .... w1iIlltlidd ., ......... .-.c""",, 
_ .. Ida:IIIII .... _ •• 110:_.-.-,. 

~'*'1pcr_ .. -po--"''' 
-.-EaIrin_ lit" .. c __ by_ W_y. 

.'!Iw ..... _ .. _ wiII ........ rrre.-rror ..... 
.IIJ·, a.c.,. ru-. -.. ......... r ... pooda 
of _ Drarl boer. at ...s.. • BJ'~ _ \0 U Jolla 
Viii.,. ~ A lKI.rall_ will lit J!OiII"IIIBJ· ..... 1I 
_l1li ........... ., ..... 1daI,r ...... Old ... ,...... 
This week's questions: 
I. Who won the 1991 NL Cy 

Young award? 
2. What NBA team does MilCh 
Richmond play for? 
J. What was the nickname of New 
Jersey's old USFL team? 
4. What NFL saadiUll\ caught on 
flJ'C IasI weekend? 
5. Who is the head coacb of the 
Sacramemo Kings? 
6. True or false: Moses Malone 
plays for the Philadelphia 76ers. 
7. What is the nickname of 
Buffalo's NHL team? 
8. Who won the Heisman Trophy 
last year'! 
9. What CA.. team does Raghib 
(smail play for? 
10. Who leads the VCSD women's 
volleybailteaJ1l in kills? 
Last wed!:'s questions: 
I. Who is the California Angels' 
new batting coach? Rod Carew 
2. What is the nickname of 
Pittsburgh's NHL team? Pencuins 

Tbc UCSD Guaniiao 

J. Who is the 1991 AL Rookie of 
the Yeat'! Chuck KnobIMIdl 
4. WhcR did SIeve Bono attend 
college? VCLA 
5. Who is the head COIICh of the 
Oticaao Bulls? PIlI Jack-
6. WhowastheMVPoflaslyeu's 

NBA~lIhipscries?Mic:bMI 
Jordan 
7. Who was lhe s.n Dieso Ouq-
elS' numberonectraft piclt this year? 
Stanley Richard 
8. What was the nickname of 
Pon1and's old USA.. team? Break-
en 
9. Who won lhe New Y Ott City 
marathon? Salvador Garda 
10. WhalislherankingoftheUCSD 
women's volleyball team? First 
Last week's winner: 
Ken Franco, Revelle, senior, Psy-
chology - Canoga Park, CA 
Runners-up: 
list of6 posted at BJ's 

Advertise in the Guardian 
FOR MORE INFORMATION 

----Studtintsi---
Gel 

20% 
OFF 

any order from our 
regular menu. * 

CALL534~3466 

l 

I 

Try uc D Catering for 
your next evenL We 
deliver anywhere on 

campu . Call 534-3688 
for more information. 

• wi th this coupon and a valid 
UCSD student i.d . 

-----------------

You\'c hcard about it, now 
try it. Rungee Jumpirrg at its 
best- from a hot air balloon! 

If the rush of a free fall 
docsn't thrill you, the rebound 
will. 

Go ahead, give yourself a 
thrill of a Iifetimc. You'll be 
bouncing back for more. 

CIlI/ todn.f for our )"mp sigbt 
locillion, 6' gmfflll i"fomultion 
011 bungtt jllmping. 

. BONZAlIWNGEE (619) _-7272 

w. POLO 
CGtdll •• II .......... 

"We're taking two different 
phi1oshophical IppI'08Ches to the 
tournament," said UCSO kead 
CoIch Denny Harper. ". personally 
hope they're worn out, and I think 
they will be." 

UCSO has the upper hand this 
yeua. the Tritonsdowncd AirForce 
at theNor-Cai Toumament on Nov. 
5 by a slim 8-7 margin. 

In fact, the Triton-Fa1con rivalry 
has a tradition of close, hard-fought 
games. 

In the 1989 WWPA tounlImCnt, 
with the Tritons hanging on to a 
tight6-S lead in the closing seconds 
of the pme, the Falcons managed a 
breakaway and it looked as if they 
were going to tie the score. 

The Air Force player hesitated, 
however, and was smothered from 
behind by UCSO's Greg Goodrich, 
then a junior, and currently the Tri-
tons' leading goal-St'.orer. 

UCSO hung on to win its fowth 
WWPA title in the '80s as well as 
clinch its first-ever NCAA touma-
mentbid. ....0 

A daJ:khorse contender for the 
toumament titlecould emerge in the 

Thunday, Novanbu 14, 1991 

form ~ UC Riverside. 
The Tritons have had litdetrouble 

with the Highlanders thus far, how-
ever. UCSO crushed Riverside 14-
5 01\ Oct 30. VCR has been ranked 
as high as 20th this year. 

Should UCSD fail to earn an 
NCAA toumarnenI benh.tbis week-
end's WWPA coralS could be the 
fmal ones for some Triton seniors. 
Among those is Jason '"Turtle" 
Brown, the Tritons' all-time leader 
in goals scored, and Goodrich. 

UCSD will nced strong pb.y from 
Brown and freshman Mike Nalu in 
the two-meter position to be effec-
tive . 

In addition, the Tritons will need 
to work on creating motion through 
the hole (two-meter position) and 
drawing ejections. UCSDhadsome 
trouble converting man-up oppor-
tunities earlier in the season but has 
been steadily improving in that re-
spect. 

Another area UCSO needs to 
work on is converging into the hole 
defensively and not allowing inside 
shots. 

The Tritons must also concen-
trate on not drawing ejections of 
their own and giving teams like Air 
Force scoring opportunities. 

(j 
() 

(j 
Q 

.... 1111111-
1III11IRIIl..,.. 

Thunday, Novanbcr 14,1991 

NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S SOCCER NATIONAl CHAMPIONSHIP 

SECOND AND THIRD ROUND 
• WHERE: UC San Diego, 
Nonh Campus Rec Fields 

• WHEN: First game Saturday, 
Nov. 16, II am., second game 
at I :30 p.m. Winners to meet 
Sunday, Nov. 17, I p.m. 

• WHO: No.7 Fontbonne (17-
1-2) vs. No. 20 MacMurray 
(20-3-0) and No. 10 UC San 
Diego (14-4-1) vs. No. 18 
Wisconsin-Oshkosh (14-2-2) 

• ADMISSION: $4 general 
admission/day, $2 students and 
$1 children under 12 Senior Marc Melnik 

WISCONSIN-OSHKOSH 

This is the Titans' first appearance in the NCAA Division m 
toumament,Theyare currently riding a 15-game unbeaten streak and 
feature a balanced attack with six players totaling five goals or more. 
UW Oshkosh, which won its fourth consecutive Wisconsin 
Intercollegiate Soccer Association title this year, is led by senior 
midfielder Mark Pawlyshyn who has eight goals and 15 assists. He's 
tied for the team lead in goals with senior forward Kurt Gehrke and 
freshman forward Brian Gingrich, who, at 6-3, might challenge the 
Tritons' height advantage. Another player to watch is sophomore 
midfielder Man Kalter, who has eight assists. Goalie Mitch Poppen 
saw the majority of the playing time this year and has allowed 14 
goals for a 0.83 goals against per game average. As a team, the Titans 
have outscored opponents 57-15. UCSO and UW Oshkosh did have 
one common opponent this year in St Mary's (MN). The Tritons 
downed the Cardinals 5-0, while the Titans beat them 5-1. 
UC SAN DIEGO 

The Tritons' height advantage was the main topic of discussion 
following their wirf over Cal I...utheran last weekend. but UW 
Oshkosh won't be taken by surprise. The Titans' Head Ccach, Toby 
Bares. has said thal he doesn't know much about UCSD except that 
it "is an extremely big team." He has also called the Tritons one of the 
odds-on favorites to win the tournament. If UCSO is to win, it will 
have to get • better effort from its defense. Twice against Cal 
Lutheran, the Tritons were shredded raIher easily for goals, although 
UWOshkoshdoesn't haveagoal-scoreron par with the Kingsmen's 
Willie Ruiz. UCSO'soffense was generated mainly off set plays, and 
that could be. problem iflheofficials are nocassttingenl as they were 
last weekend. when the two teams ~ called for 45 fouls. Ouis 
Romey 11M provided the bulk of the scoring. with just enough goals 
coming from other players to kecppiling up the wins. Forwards Chris 
Hanssen and Mike Alberts - part of the standout freshman class of 
1988-have been quiet oflate, and if the Tritons are togo any further 
in the toumamenI, they could use big games from either, or bach. 

The UCSD Guardian 

M.SOCCER 
ContInued from page 9 
we're ready to give it our best shot. 
If you want to get far in the tourna-
ment, you have to be ready to go up 
againsllhe best. That's what it's all 
about." . 

If the Tritons are smart though. 
they won't buy it, because the Ti-
tans could prove to be a fonnidable 
opponent. UW Oshkosh enters the 
game with a 15-game unbeaten 
streak and will be led by midfielder 
Marl\. Pawlyshyn. Pawlyshyn is not 
as dangerous a goal-scorer as Will ie 
Ruiz, who scored two goals for Cal 
Lutheran in last week's 3-2 loss to 
the Tritons, but he might be more of 
an overall threat becau e he fre-
quently puts others in a position to 
score. Pawlyshyn tied for the team 
lead in goals with eight and led the 
Titans with 15 assists. Several of 
those assists went to forwards Kurt 
Gehrlc.e and Brian Gingrich, each of 
whom had eight goals on the year. 

Against Cal Lutheran, the Tri-
tons' control of the air figured 
heavily in their eventual victory. 
But Gingrich's height (6-3) coulo 
threaten that. Bares said that he is 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

larn '$ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 

diagnostics, plus earn up 
10 $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD UIIOUTOliI. 

226-1733 

aware of the Triton • ability in the 
air, seemingly indicating that word 
of their prowess has been circu-
lated: "[UCSDj is an extremely big 
team." 

Another player to watch on of-
fense is mid fielder Malt Kaker, who 
didn't score a goal this year. but was 
second on the tearn in assists with 
eight. In fact, as a leam, the Titans 
have an unusually high number of 
assists which may be due. in part, to 
a highly-proficient passing game. 

Defense is a weakness for the 
Titans. They 've surrendered 15 
goals in 18 games. It's unusual for 
tournament teams to surrender more 
than half a goal per game on aver-
age. Furthermore. goalie Mitch 
Poppen has made 61 saves this year. 
By contrasl. with one more game 
than Poppen. UCSD goalie Michael 
Madden has made only 44 saves. 

How closely the officials call the 
game could be a factor in what type 
of success UCSD has offensively. 
Against Cal Lutheran, and for most 
of this year. the Tritons have been al 
their most dangerous coming off 
dead balls. Said forward Chris 
Romey after last weekend's win: 
"We get most of our goals off set 

SPOllTS 15 

plays." 
In fact, during last weekend's 

game in which the two teams were 
whistled foracombined45 fouls, all 
three of UCSD ' s goals were 
inititated by set plays, two by free 
kicks and one off a comer kick. 

Before last weekend, the Tritons 
had been solid defensively. But they 
sprung some leaks against Cal 
Lutheran when Ruiz picked and 
weaved his way through UCSD for 
both of his goals. The Tritons a k 
their fullbacks to playa big role in 
the offense, frequently bringing lhe 
ball up as Ihe point of attack or 
sprinting down the wings to provide 
another offensive option. 

The problems arise when the fu 11-
backs are caught out of position and 
forced into an uncoordinated recov-
ery with everyone scrambling 10 get 
back on defense. Ruiz's first goal 
came when he picked the pocket of 
defender Mike Gerhardt and then 
zipped upfl&ld before the defense 
could get back in position. The 
Kingsmen's second goal also came 
off Ihe counterattack. as Cal 
Lutheran struck with the Triton de-
fenders backpedal ing madly pn their 
heels. 

r---------i---~------, ; $100 OFF 1 $395 : 
1 1 I 
I ' Any Purchase of : Balloon Bouquet 1 
I $jOO or more 1 Ten 11" plain colored I 
I I Balloons with Ribbons 1 
1 NIt tJtN lillI/JIm, IJIbfr ojfm. 1 NIt IIIIIId MIll l1li)' 0Ibtr rtJm. I I r COfl{1Oll 1m pmtm. J COf4>OrI 1m {JfnOfI. ~ I 

14~'" 11128/91 I £Jq>Im 11128/91 I 

------------------

8650 Genesee Ave. 
Costa Verde Center 

450-9291 
(Across from lITe) 

\ 
/ 

/' 

1826 Gamet Ave, 
Pacific Beach 
483-9953 

(next to Soup Exchange) 



16 

, . 

1M BOWL GAMES 
ANMAlIOWL-MIN'S 'liM' ..... SuM.r, ....... ., '7-3:30 pili, NCI TNICk ...... flaW 
T_: FI¥OriIe: lWI SIigs 

ConIInIenI: ChocdIII c.ty. o.IIs 
AlIa Ran: CapIIin FogaJtMs 
NoI-A-Chin:e: Big Afs SoItiers 

IANANA IOWL-MIN'S 'M' final 
SuM.r, .......... '7-2:30 pili, NCI Track SIacIiunI fWd 
T_: FI¥OriIe: O·S/tuction 

ConIendeIs: BId 1UfItn. flo BIshIts 1/ 
WiI Show Up: Und8rtIogs 

CADAVllIOWL-MIN'S 'A' rlllCll 
SuMay, No ....... '7-':30 ...... NCI TNICk StadiuM fWd 
T_: Fa..omes: PNWM's Longshcts. HamBy's ~ 

ConIender: One Too IIMry 
AlIa RaIlS: ' ·900-SPANKED. ",.,. Bondng 
Ale You Kld<ing: 6gers. L8nch Mob. DO r.Eh CAJb 

CUMAX IOWL'(OED 'M' final 
SuMay, November 17-' 2:30 pili, NCI TNICk Stadium r..w 
T_: Favorites: Csnl Rush GeniUs, Chains Ate GenII 

Conlenders: Perlonnance Anxiety. One LiWl.Jew 

SOUlIOWL'(OID 'A' final 
Sunday, No,ember 17-' ':3Oam, NCI Track Stadium r..w 
T _.: Favorite: Pac 169 

Contender: WlCIced ~tiOrtS 
Maybe-Baby Big Orange Gourd 
No Way Baby: Bro Wenrw'es 

LADY IOWl·WOMEN'5 final 
Sunday, November 17-'0:3Oam, NCI Track Stadium r .. w 
Team.: Favorite: The Power Of X 

Contenders: Rush'Em & CIUSh·cm. Water & Turf 

INTER-FRATERNITY 
BIG-TIME FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT 
Pre-TouTIley Seedings 
Team 
I. Phi Della Theta 
2. SAE 
3. Della Sigs 
4. Della Tau Delta 
5. SIgma .... 
B. Sig Eps 
7. ZBT 
8. PI Kapps 
9. SlgmaChi 
IO. SMmes 
It TKE 
12. SIgma Pi 
13. Beta·s 
14. Phil(aws 

2·5 
1·1 
5·2 
3-1 
+1 
5·1 
6·1 
7·1 
10.1 
25-1 
100.1 
lso.l 
1000.1 
Ott bd 

300 MILE BIKE RIDE 

Comments 
WIn everytting else in IFe 
e.Penence and ine • ~ lile 
Could be Iheif year? 
Need some ~cwemen1 aI OB 
SIeeper-COUd SI6pnse 
Should be on 'AM' final 
One m;w! Ie.-n may no! be I!flOU!tl 
Good and Baej·wnocn WIlt show? 
lOS! a 101 of horses 
Good bowlers 
0Iilef learns forieils may be only shol al YIQOIy 
Need mof8 players 
Could beat Phi Kapps 
Nice IXlfors 

Tbc UCSD GaardJaa 

TIiI iI the InII WIllI aI .. pIIrGII. CIwI1*MIIIip StnII¥ iI 
No\IIIIar 17IL ~ .. pallid" CanyorwiIw IIId in .. ~ 
lin ila CJI!c* III1down 01 ....... : 
EJ.', PriIM Piclu 
...w.... II •• I. 
AAlP7:3I ...... O" 
1 Tk1MfbaI. 
2 LouiI', Tryro-
3Snd1· 
4 w.an w.nor. 

Al.AIIIM ........ O" 
I", n ();w w.. PIar .... ccUllIIIt.., m laid 
2 WI.,. SIIaIIIr· WI go III hi nI ? 
3 Suck IoIy Kill- WI c:fwlq in apriIg round 
4 DAd S. Good .. ...", IIIId 10 II1II hell m '" 

AI. ..... '-':GII PII-RIc 0,-
I u.. Tomng • '4lfor Iht pIaroIIa. HIlA IIyfe 
2 LambIdinIIorI· NIId tIIi' frWIdIiIe '** 
3 TUllock V..,· WlicflIIIm wi .... up? 
4 f\rI n GtII- In 1IIIf.clut? NaIl 

A AIIcM .... :GO .......... 0,-
I ComIoItabfy Numb- lCI1IJIII wimilg .... on IIa InI 
2 ()IIy 0tA 4 I ~ No 1hooIIrs. boIrda or bafIwIdIn: No WIy 
3 Giye Me .. Pi- loofIa .... 1o bill 

4A1t~ WI .... IJlBa1 

A Below .... :GO PII-RIc 0pI 
I PI.t IoIy FingIf. CIn 8J n Big 0 pun oil? 
2 FteSt." lIell· As good 1II11C1C • anyone in Ills aap sflooI 
3 General Dong's Anny. WllIoee !he _ 
4 We CIn~ WIno No IdIIIIiIy probfIm hire 

Team , ...... Playoffs He. 

Thunda" November 1., 1991 

• Val." .. c.II •• III. 
WO.WftM 
1M .... 0.- ............ 1IUICH8I ..... . 
SI'ICINOI'OYI(1fIEXIII ........ p!IIIiIII" .. .... 
............. ................. ..., .. 
.. ....................... LIIIYt ..... .... 
_ ....... ..-. ......... 1'01'1 ..... . 
. ...... _.., ... ,_ ....... ,.. ...... . 

1M_IIIIp ....... ~ ....... 1EMIlIIIE. ..... 
................ "1fIIIIIIUIIr1ll..,_HnIIIh 
O" .............. ......,fNIM.~ ....... 
......................... o.plll'Y ...... ..,III 
....... e--.... -. 'UlllarllllDfAITM" ..... ... inIII._-.... ..,bafcrIO.· SIIr ---.... -. 
wo •• nA 
SPICE IT lillY NET _aliledlnugll"""" LIIp. ... .. 
__ ........... ClllCIIIIIII .......... . 
I'IIIIIrCllllOll_ ................. lCIIDHElPUS_ 
..., ... ·1dftr ............ ·11:15. .... --. ........ 
GallI. • .., ... SundIr ... 1Dr SPICE IT. 

Nr:IIw ...... ludra..,IIIPlllntn._ .. ~ ... 
ilZLIIA 1IOlN). ". ... _ ... , ........... ~ 
.., ...... doIo. an. .............. .,..., .... .. 
...... _ ........ HAPPVCHI:ICS. '"-...... .. 
....... onT!uadlrNor21 •• :I ... IZLIIA_..-... 
............. ..,.., ......... .., .......... 
In DaoMIIIr. 

..-sAM 
ThIIIQj ... ,.,IIIn-*vIlan .. IilalnOWm ...... _~ 

lII~fIIIIII,.., .... ·_'_AodWIIII~1II 
....... l1li. ._ ............... CIII*d .. 1aor1n THE 
PIimt Tlmt ..... 01 .. _ Due III ..... COIIMinIII. 
_, aIIIt III _ .. __ SQJEN(Y SPRINGS ... 
Kl1.S R us (baII ......... 1'III&ft ....... 1IhidI1DaII .. 
....... NalIII-.y ............... ..., ..... 1QIIIIn1n 
.. ct.iipluo ..... gonol ... cIoiIIuoI. 

MIN'S AI. 

WIf1 !he regular susan IIinIIng 10 ClOIICUion Ills ..und. !he "*-II T _ T", 
~ pIay-olls ... aIxU 10 gA' '4lfor'" ronuaI run. 

SMraI gNlllIIIIIhIpI ""' be bn:f In .. cIoI-
lion. .................. SlftRSENIOAS 
• T1SHMTE on SiIIdIr Now 24. 1IatI .. ~ 
........ 11M loll only 3 {IIINL Whorl 
SEHIOAS II1II141" 6T bIuo:IIl ",.y IoaIc "III 
... III TlSHIoIITE. ........ be IMI9no 
.., • .., .. _ way III III in .. 1aN. 

1M Tennos Cznss. Va Sd1uIIz. predidsldy conIesIIdaclion in ku ... yes. C04IlI hm. .. ku 
dMsions. 

In III eflort 10 beI!er ~ .. ~ IOIIld ~ 'I1c:lout V.a has dIcided 10 a_ ., -*onaI6rision of pGII.-INY. This Is '- • wi work: 
M ..... CUIItI1fy playing AM .,. quaIiIy for pIIyoffs (lOp 4 ..... il tIdIlNgut) .. now be 

pIayi'lgil" AMA (4A)~ Thlllwil be ~oIyou nlyourf'nllOllld",*""wI 
s1aI1 Tuesday eveoog. Now. IWI. 

M teams IUIIIIIfy playing M NI quaIiIy lei ptayoIfs (aleall"1Op3..,. in eacI1leagutwill 
posSIble IIIiIck8d 411 pfaca 1iniIhIt1) .... be playing in either .. MA ~ or .. M 
~ 

VOl.< finaf .... _ won-losC rec:ord wi dIIImine whic:h cIviIoon you wi ... FirllIOIIld 
rniId1e$ in AM n M .. _ Monday evening. Now. 18I1111d'or Tues. Now. 19111. 

The lOp hee 1_ in Coed A (!ix -l0III) wi play il tH.L. .. ,,.. ChiIuIlJbIlllipl n wiI 
also begin play on Wonday ... 1811. 

0ftdaI w.-. parings wiI be posIId ThInday aIIIImoon (Now. 14 after 3pm ... 
~ Reaellion offices. Please come down IfId 500pt outlht playo()!f dr .. ~ you .. in .. 
11/81 01 cal534~710f your Iht line of your finI round~. 

..... '..-tF ..... 
CotdAAAA 
I Cfe1e's Fuzzy BaIs (4-()) 
2 Anal Sa1s (3-0) 

~: FigfUlg Tree SIoIhs (3·1) 
CotdMA . 
I Social MuIns (3-0) 
2 C&<pe Bola (5-0) 

CotdAl. 
To Be 0eIennined, Too Close To Cal 

CollI A 
lWes....(~) 
as Not Our FaA! ()-I) 
o.tIharaI: lGng Sholl (4-1) 

FEROCIOUSCIoIElETTESnlWHERFSTHE 
IW.l. ....... paoondIng ........ 1:3OMI on 
~",.,.. hM ............ III 
.....forl Whon ......... 1Dgohronly .. 
....... be...m. ........ __ QMI..,.... 

~1OI\igtI1 .. hM ..... PlimtTlmtIMdl 
'4l- AOAO KUS Pl*1hoir perIoct r-a on .. 
........ OIGGtIGFOR GOlD. Thtfirll_ 
.. '* ...... be 1I10:15pII. 

..-sA 
Ontol ............... _ .... 
.... Nor 19 '"'*' Y AI< ATTACK _aN" 
MSOAY NIGHT LM. 1IIey _ ..... .. 
_ ... iddcaI ...... nI ......... .. 
00" .. vic1Dr. 

Fa .. ..., ...... _'-., ........... 
dooon on SIUdoy marring. .,I:OOIIn PoW< IIY 
WHEElCHAII .. IIngIt ... NUCl.ENlFUSION. 
I Ionn hotII ..... WHE£1.CHAfR cUI nil .., 
....................... 

3 Sealnd 5efve (3-0) 
4124(3-0) 

~: Sproc:ilelS (4-()). Tun Psyche (2·1) AM 5 ••• 7 7 7 e rln 7, 
Evety ten J.~ or 10 tile folks lit 1ntrMu. $porta NCGPIrt'1OOd _. AM juIt -uy wew ~ _ of_ 

tim I, __ better tIt_1DOCI. So we'rtlOlltC to Itt IIeI1Ind tills 111 llIiC .fIJ l11li we .... JOU do too. 

lIII ..... IJCID ............ CtI UP .. == 
.......... , '11 u ................ ... 
UClDMJUpa ( . 
......................... 1I1Itr.4 e .......... 
~ StlftCleY •• _ UC$O I' .... nd IOnMr 1M rtt.Ne In.-y apoot ",....... Is out to .............. .., ,... I bicycle 

from San LIlIa 0IIiIp0 to San DleCo In • 24 1Ioun. TINIt'. 300 ""'" In c_ you'" woncIeriftC. l11li If .......... OOI11IIIiIIIIW 
ilia mIuIon ".'11 ..... to be booklnC. 

~'. uftIIute .... Is to,liM ... for tile ucso DINIIIecI Student UoIIon 10 tim...., an puICII-.. __ nnlallllr 
l11li I c:omputor wftII ........... for tile vIHaIIy InopMM. 

~ will be out .t tile PtIco eont.< FountaIn wlllCw~ ... ~rt4fIJ IItJlt wtOk (_n u-2p1n) to ........ 
ilia IIiC ride 011 Nov. 23 l11li .... to ICcopC ......... l11li ~ support. 

................ 11_ 
......,. .. , I a_lIP. 2 ............... :w.r .. 

.............. t'lll • _La ........... ¥II. 2 .,. 
,. .. -lWI ...... .., .. ' ........... ,. ...... In, 9 j 

ill CIIPIIiIII 
..................... 11 .............. -

I I F CIII:....,~- 1 1-''''''''' 

BJ's Pi.:zeria 

• 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 

IDEO GALl ERY ick of C'J rd board and kerchup? Try an authenric Chicago style pizza! 
I 

BIGGEST SELECTION in the area T FREE PARKING 
NEW 1lELEASU: BACKDRAFT • DEFENDING YOUR LIFE 

WHAT ABOUT BOB? • SILENCE OF THE LAMBS 
...., 

vtSIT OUR 
IIEWSTOR£ 
111 DELMAR 
I'WIDICIIM 
1_-'·\ ,..,...., 

CellNDI. 
792..fI23 J 

• ROBIN HOOD, PRINCE OF THIEVES 
COM_lOON: HUDSON HAWK. OUT FOR JUSTICE 

Bring this ad to Rent One Movie and 
let a Second Rental FREEl 

Monday inN Tnursclay. Expires U/21/91. 

8750 Geae.e ia tIte Coeta Verde Ceaser _ Soap Es~ .450-1766 
0-.: _-n.... 11 _9,.wri.-S.t. II _10 .. 

OFF 
ANY LAlli PillA 

8873 Villa I.oJoila Dr. i.JJJolla Village Cellter 455-0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is still tbe best! 

-SATURDAY 
~ Undergtc1duate 
play, 'Blue Venus,' to 
run at the 409 
Studio Theater 
"Blue Venus" is produced by 
undergrads. It is part of the 
undergraduate Plays in 
Progress (PIP) sponsored by 
the Theater Dept. Shows start 
nightly at 8 p.m. with an extra 
show Friday at 11 p.m. Tickets 
are $5 at the door. For more 
infonnation call452-2917. 

TONIGHT TO 
DEC. 1 
~The Diversionary 
Theater presents 
'Small Town Confi-
dential,' a play by Jim 
Pfanner. 
"Boise, Idaho - 1956: A sex 
scandal ... a family tom 
apart ... The darlcside of a . 
small town exposed-' "SMall 
Town Confidential" will nul 
Thursdays through Saturdays 
at the Fritz Theater in the . 
Gaslamp district. TIckets are 
$8 to $10, call 232-2333 for 
more infonnation. 

MONDAY 
if Hard-core hip-
h()F gropp Cypress 
Hill to prm in 
0ceaBiCJe 
CypfesslJill will~'" 
house down at the Oz Ni ... 
club,300Dougia$DriJ6ill 
1S1H100 to fiDel_ more. 

AKrs & ENTERTAINMENT 

for 
• California Quail and Gado Gado offer alternatives to the Thanksgiving turkey 
By PhIl Ireland 
Senior Staff Writer 

Here's the poser (it might take a 
slide rule): figure out how old you are . 
Got it? Ok, now tigureout how many 
yean> since your birth you've eaten 
turkey for Thanksgiving . 

North Park sells organically grown produce at competitive 
prices. According 10 Ihe grocery manager, Fred S .. Micheal , 

a winter fruits like apples, p~payas, pineapples a~d persim-
~e mons are now commg In for the persnickety. SI. 

8t ~ Micheal notes that all his suppliers musl supply 
" cCJ.o O~.L certification of the organic nature oftheir 

!""cul) '/}lI/o,. -"'q .' 
'16 CVI) 0CJr OY C% ~e produce. After eatmg organic veg-

,!Js/.o. 6:tQllro, ~1I1 ~ (\.... 'itt! etables for several years. St. 
'ttl. cv.o~/t 'fIt).oo:,,1.In ~ V Michael says he can 

, oV.oP 0,1 if;:' it) 'he ~ ~ . II 
Now, here's the challenge: 

eat something new, something 
fresh , something healthy, 
something just a bit lighter 
than a l4-course turkey, 
stuffing, polato dinner. 

~I.+ 'II. sometimes actua y ~ ~ taste the Illu~ty Ii' lces 
• ~ ~' .. ::: :r·· , of pesticide innon-or· ~/fp'~;'::(1'Y ' :::~ .. .. "; '. -.. ',: ~ ganically grown foods. 

How about a couple 
of fresh California 
quail stuffed with 
wild rice, wrapped in ba-

V'~ CJlle" ~/I)~" ~ Besides the UCSD food ~'fll 9r:y 8.,' III)(1fklt~, ~~' (" 'b , co-op, other natural food 

con and barbecued on the grin? 
Or an Indonesian Gado Gado veg-

It?U) "''l') ~-t ti'l) W . L '-' ~9CJllr/fJr to"" :0, ' ~ . • • • • (J , supliers include Greemree in ~ 111)(1' Pili) (1'Y - '(1 . • CI . d PI ' Food 6Vlle/)IIIr:;S;r:;'~ Ii-~l/t ~_ \ alremontan eop e s 
. III "ctJ~/$ . c~ . . r in Ocean Beach. 

etable planer? Or rnaybe an eye-watering 
Indian vegetable curry? Hey, go for broke with the 

, 1>_ -or~:'lu~i?ee~ '.' Use organic veggies in the In-
. "'t'/0C9 fllit), 6/6tj :g, fl); . G d G d be f ~81r",_ %8, O'eo: ~Ir 111)(1 doneslan a 0 a 0, a vy 0 

."'. 6 Ovr · Oil vegetables - some stenmed, some "1r~/"" /1)10 stir-fried and some raw - laid oul on rich lean dark meat of a ring neck pheasant braised in gin 
andjuniper,abowlofpotato-cheesesoupandacucumbersalad. 

At a time when health concerns run high, game foods have 
seen a resurgerx;e as a source of low-fat, low-cholesterol, high-
procein meat. TIle clamour for healthy alternatives 10 alar apples 
and honnonally pumped-up vegetables has given rise to a 
greater offering of organically grown foods. Funns that raise 
game foods and organic vegetables are finding a receptive and 
growing audience among people concerned with the use of 
growth honnones and antibiotics in more common foods. 

Take the vegetables and fruits. for instance. Jimbol's in 

~G'~ a platler and served with a spicy peanut 
sauce. The Gado Gado platter can be 

ahead of time and is served at room 
tempature(orhot if you prefer). Serve a polato cheese soup 
piping hot. TIle sweet cornbread makes a nice foil for the spicy 
Gado GOOo. The granola apple crisp finishes the service. 

Or how about those quail? Billie Hyde, co-owner of the 
'Golden State Bird Fann. says herchemical-freequail are raised 
on a combination of grains including com, barley, millet and 

See FOOD, page H2 

I I I ,', \" ,\ , ."',, I I I I' )', I III 
- - ------~ 



H2 HIATUS 

HiATUSAT 111 MOVES 
MIRA MESA 68~1669 

UTC 452-1166 

1heFither~ C..tv5ue 
Other People'. Money 1he "*"-'. Wife 

Strictly ....... 
My Own "i .. 1daho 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 453-1831 

1i1ly ... I ..... 
Frankie & Job....ny 

KEN CINEMA 283-5909 

Nov. 14: s.D. Student FIlm feIIhaI/LA. Col ......... the 
IIoIt 

Nov. 15: .'lhl1l'll .... 
Nov. 161 ,.,., .... 
Nov. 17·231 V.,... 

hwy Fri. & Sat. at MIdnIght: 
Rockey Honw Picture Show 

A 'Beauty' of a Film 
By Bryan DIas Lansbury as Mrs. Pons. The 
Senior Staff Wrirer 

I fyou are looking to kill a few 
free hours (and dollars) over this 
next holiday season, and roman-
tic animated features light your 
fire, then leave it to Disney. 'The 
famed picture studio is releasing 
its 30th animated feature just in 

"Beauty and the 
Beast" 

opens Friday, 
Nov. 22 

time forthoseromantic holidays. 
The movie is adapted from 

the Madame de Villeneuve fairy 
tale Beallry alld rile Beasr. It is 
the classic tale of boy meets girl, 
boy gets gi rl , boy loses girl , and 
then get girl again - all told 
with the signature Disney style. 

The picture features the voices 
of Page O'Hara as Belle, David 
Ogden Stiers (of M*A*S*H 
fame) as Cogswell, and Angela 

music for the soundtrack was 
composed by the Oscar-winning 
tearn of Howard Astvnan and 
Alan Menken who penned the 
soundtrack for "1be Little Mer-
maid" 

"Beauty and the Beast" intro-
duces many new characters cer-
tain to become Disney favorites 
at the amusement parks and mer-
chandise stands. 

The film is laden with brealh-
laking animation done '90s style, 
with the aid of computer gener-
ated g..a.,hics. The audience' 
view pans over rnajest ic animated 
landscapes of eerie forests, gothic 
castles, and lavish interiors. 

As with all Disney animation 
ventures, the film is a lot to look 
at and tantalizes the eye. The fine 
attention to technical detail is 
ever-present and the viewer is 
neverreallyletdown- a1though 

See BEAUTY, page H4 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM$ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NIl and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'Must present coupon end volld UCSO 10 at time of estimate 
Not voIid WIth mojo< engine ()( Iransmisooon repoh. 

If You Have Friends wtth VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT lIRE L ____________________ ~ 

1bc UCSD GIWdiIa 

FOOD 
oats. 

Her husband, Stan,deac:ribcd the 
taste of quail as something far be-
yond chicken. "It has I stron,er 
taste, more gamey, more flavorful. 
Once you've had it, you' ll be back 
for more." 

COVER STORY 

Prices on game birds are reason- ~ 
able. The HydesseU theirbirds .'~;'\~ 
to the public (110 retail- ---.. .. \'_ ..... ,. ~ 
ers) for $2 per ~", •• 
bird, fully <tfI""- ~ ~ 
dressed .' 
(plucked and ~t~ \ 

be reddish-purple. 1be former" is 
qui~ tame in flavor as well as de-
meanor while the laner is wild and 
its flavor, pny, with II hint of nuts 
and grain, writes Goldstein. 

1be Ramona Bird Farm offers 
100 species of birds as pets and 
provender. Kris Elias and 

LomineKelloggownthe 13-
acre fllnn of some 2000 

birds, goats, sheep and 
some very satisfied-look-

ing cats. 

cleaned)orforthe aJ!~~ ~~-
stouthearted on a 1.,~~~~ . . ... 
budget, $1.50 each \\'l,~~ ~ .,' ~ 

Australian emus 
and South African 

golden-crowned 
cranes grace the 

grounds with the 
more mundane 

pheasants, 
chukars, 
ducks and 

geese. Prices vary 
from bird to bird with the 

still alive and scratch- ,\.~~~~.. ~.~ 
ing. At two birds per ~.~~9-'~ ~\(#~ '''~~ ~ 
person, a party of four ~~~ ~ ~ 9""", \~ ,0 
can eat for about $15, side '~ .:Mf:"~&~\(# 
dishes included. ~~~~~~01 

Maybe some marinated .~~?~. 
blackbeans,potaIochecsesoup ~ ~ 
and a spinach salad with hot ~. 
bacon dressing 10 go aIong sounds 
good. The whole deal takes about 
an hour to prepare. Break out that 
slide rule again and compare that to 
the cook.ing time for a 12-pound 
tultey. Relax. ~'s plenty of "~ ... '-
time. Tum on the game, it 's a ~ (.!~ 
holiday. ./~~, ~ -~ 

Or maybe you're too good ~~~"~ forthelowl~quail .. Welihow /~~.~ ;'! .. ;~":t~ ~ 
abouttheanstocral!cplas- '-~~~~~~ 
ant braised inginandju- 'tS.~ -'~:!JIo~~~~"'" 
niper, a recipe from ".f:.,~,~~ ~_~, 
American Game ~'~.~ ~ 6.'0'tol. 
Cooking, by Sid <'~~~ ./~ , , 
GoldsteinandJohn • ~~~~ ~,' 
Ash(ArisBooks, ~~'4117~~~~q. 'i' 
New York, ~,\~~/S~~~ " 
1991). Not ex- ~~ "~.~~.'~ 
actly a meal for ~ 'lt~ ~ l~·~~~' 1/., 
Mikey bul certainly a wor ::: ~';:"'" 'bo, ~, 
thy substitute for that tired, over-
used gobbler. 

According to Goldstein, the 
combination ofjuniperbemes (from 
which gin is made) and the gin itself, 
meld with the pheasant to form an 
ageless culinary delight that has 
graced fair fowl for centuries. 1be 
breasts of the fann-raised pheasant 
are firm and pinkish-white, while its 
wild range-running cousin tends to 

For more recipes come to 
the Hiatus office at the 
Guardian. Ask for Joe, 
Wileen, or Jen. 

pheasant being the most expen-
sive at $29. A three pound pheasant 
will feed a party of four with eMe. 
Ducks and chulw are $19 a pair. 

Preparing game birds for cook-
ing is not diffICUlt but does require 
some fortitude. Unless you find a 
farm m.t will slwghter and dress 
the birds Oike Golden Stale), you 
must do it yourself or find someone 
who will. If you know anyone !hat 
practices voodoo you're all set. Oth-

erwise, consult your bulcher or 
local library for advice on 

plucking and clean-
ing. 

you decide 
on veg-

etables, game 
birdsorbottt,the 

gastronomic re-
wards are diverse. 

Have some fun 
withcooldng. Make it 

agroupaffair.1bereare 
no rules in cooking so 

experiment with the reci-
pes. If art is "what you like," 

then cook.ing is art consumed. 
Takeachance,takethechal-

lenge. Not only do you break a 
monotonOUS tradition this yearbut 

you also save a turkey. Enlightening 
your taste buds this year is recom-
mended. 

AnENTION 
FOREIGN ' 
STUDENTS 
a VISITING 
SCHOLARS 

DCSD SPECIAL 

Would you like to get a 
visa stamped in your 
passport so you can 
travel for the holidays . 
and r~nter the U.S.? 
Just call us. 

DULAY a lIOII 
110 West ·C· Street 

The Chamber Building 
19th floor 

San Diego. CA 92101 
(619)237-5032 

MR. HOM ......... T,........, .. 
till u.s. ~ .. i ..... i end .......... 
SIMce end ......... ~"i .. llluii 
l.8w SpeciIIIC, ..... til CIIMmIL 
MS. DUlAY ......... DeIIuIr NIle 
DMndIr. CcuiIr til s.n I11III- 1IIe 
afIIce 1IIQIfIdee ... COl I • • ..... 
s.tuIdIJ IIlII I., ... - ........ 

ENJOY SOUTHERN SpedaIIDtg In 

CALIFORNIA'S dIIIbroIIed meats, 

FAVORJlt Ind~ 
Items.. Only the 

MEXICAN 
rreshest. 

TAQUERIAI heIIthIest. and 
No additives, most authentic 
preservatives, or food boor 
tnImAI fats. custIDmeIs. 

WIllIE YOU ALWAYS CD 1 ()OA, OFF * ANY lEG" AI 
PIICED MENU 111M, ANYTIME. JUST IUSENr YOUI UC5D .. 

-_ .. ., ......... 

1I0W .. V'. r----------
Pl1CHEIIS 1 1 -::-50-!-~-~-! = $349! 

In the CoIta Vade c:a. 
watdUIC .1 .. _ ............. S · 

rorJOUFCIMl ~L teal.... ~-....... • 411-7221 • .... ,... _. 
'-----------~----------~ 

Thunday, Noftmbcr If, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Sounds of Blackness: No CoIltprOlllises 
Hiatus Editor 

Sometimes a musical group will 
come by that can defy any classifi-
caaion. Sounds of Blackness is such 
a group, and their debut album. 
SoundsojBlacw5S: The Evolution 
o/Gospel, is a genre mixing pack-
age of gospel, blues, R&D, spiritu-
als, and even a hint of rap thrown in 
for good measure. 

In a ~ interview with Gary 
Hines, the arranger and producer of 
the ~rson outfit called Sounds 
of Blackness, it bccameevident that 
Sounds do what they do for aes-
thetic reasons first. This year marks 
the 20th anniversary for Sooods, 
and, for reasons which will become 
evident, ... TM Evolldion of Gospel 
is its farst release, and the current 
tour opening for Luther Vandross is 
Sounds first national tour. 

Why such a long wait to release 
a debut? Hines explained, "Twelve 
to IS years ago we were approached 
by a couple of major labels. 'They 
were saying things like, 'We love 
yourmusic, but maybe change your 
name to Sounds of Music.' 'They 
wanted us to narrow our music to 

R&B,orgospel-theydidn'tkoow 
how 10 maricel us." 

The fact is, labels felt Sounds of 
Blackness were 'too black' to mar-
kd at the time. Major labels feared 
its afro.<:entricity. Instead of letting 
the groupcmbody many of the vital 
contributions of blacks to popular 
music, the labels wanted a safe, 
easily marketable. 'less black' group 
to shove inao a categoty and market 
like a 'regular band. ' 

Sounds of Blackness is far from 
a regular band, and squeezing itself 
into some inappropriate category is 
against the long-standing philoso-
phy of Sounds. 

This philosophy is best described 
on the albums ' s artwork: "The 
Sounds of Blackness exists to glo-
rify God and unify people through 
embracing. proclaiming and per-
forming every member of the fam-
ily of African-American Music ... " 

"Sinceourincepbon two decades 
ago, we have endeavored 10 expose 
people of all backgrounds to the 
beauty, complexity and diversity of 
b\.!lck music. We shall continue to 
do so, Wltil African-American mu-
sic and musicians receive full credit, 

recognition, exposure, renumeration 
and opportunities proportionate to 
our contributions to American and 
world music and culture," Hines 
said. 

According to Hines, Sounds of 
Blackness also wants to give a posi-
tive message to people of all races 
- for people to realize their own 
potential. This is besttypifiodon the 
cover of Sly and the Family Stone's 
"Stand." "The lyrics of "Stand," in 
one sense, are '90s gospel style, but 
there is a political se~ as well. II 
Hines continued, "From a black 
perspective [the lyrics] can reach all 
people. 

PcopIe, in many varied ways, are 
taking their own stands politically 
and [for many blacks in America 
today] culturally - in particular 
afrcK:entrici ty." . 

A positive message, quality mu-
sic, an aesthetically pleasing goal: 
Sounds of Blackness has it all. [f 
you missed the show, it could be in 
your best intcrestto check out .. . The 
Evo/urwn of Gospel. The album has 
invaded the pop charts, the dance 
charts, and the black charts - there 
is something for everybody. 

HIATUS H3 

Hey Caffeine Freaks! 
+AHiarusreportermissesafewnightsofsleep 
to bring you the low-down on local cafes 
By Kendy Hurd 
Guardian Reporter 

The cafe experience - to 
many it is nothing but skipping to 
thecounter,orderingacupo' joe, 
and fini. Forothen., however, the 
cafe signifies much more: relax-
ation. a place to study, people 
watching, or a fine locale for a 
discussion of existence. In rec-
ognition of those who consider 
the cafe, if oot a necessity, at least 
an intriguing aspect of the mun-
dane routine we call I i fe, we pre-
sents a small, yet sincere guide to 
some of the best cafes in the 
UCSD area. Hopefully, some of 
these coffee havens can become 
part of the cafe-goers regularcir-
cuit. 

PANN ... 
7467 Girurd Avenue. 

La Jolla 
It seems best to begin with the 

grand daddy of the local cafes. 
TIle La 10lla Pannikin has been 
open since 1974. Draped by a 
comfortable terrace on the side-
walk, the cafe itself is an 
unpretentious, single room. It 
offers a wide variety of pastries 
and wann snacks, as well as pro-
viding a nice selection of im-
ponod beer for a buu ofa differ-
eat type. 

Theclienteleisadistinctmix-
lUre that ranges from aJ1Sy-stu-
dent types. to wealthy denizens 
of La Jolla. to your average caf-
feir1e-hound. It gets busy during 
weekends, but there is plenty of 
space,andduringthe week. study-
ing is quite feasible. The coffee, 
of course, isoftopquality, proven 

by the fact that the majority of 
cafes in San Diego purchase their 
coffee from the Pannikin, which 
imports and then roasts the beans. 
Prices for coffee and tea range 
from $1 to about $1.75, a lillie 
higher for special items. The 
highest recommendation goes to 
the La Jolla Pannikin with its 
homey aura and fairly afford-
able. quality brews. 

HOURS: M-Th, Sun: 7 a.m.-
9 p.m.; F&S; 7 am.-IO p.m. 

PANN .. N 
2670 Via De La Valle. 

Del Mar 
While providing the same 

prices and lhe same menu (save 
a few name changes), the Del 
Mar Pannikin differs mainly in 
atmosphere. While the La Jolla 
branch is more privy to younger 
coffee drinkers. the Del Marshop 
is a favorite of the yuppie inhab-
itants of the area. 

Still, Friday nights are an 
opportune time to invesligate this 
cafe as they provide live music 
from 8- 10:30 p.m. The music 
ranges from jazz, to blues, to 
classical guitar. The Del Mar 
cafe also proves to be more ac-
cessible for studying as it is open 
later and is attached to a hip 
bookstore. 

You may be turned off at the 
fact that it is situated in a mall, 
but the Del Mar Pannikin still 
proves to be one of the more 
together cafes of San Diego. 

HOURS; M-Th: 7 am.-I 0:30 
p.m., F: 7 am.-midnight, Sun: 6 
a.m.-8 p.m. 

See CAFES, page H4 

@ UJ !J fl! CUTS 

5v5rtME 

"BIOLAGE. 
By WIIIIItX· 

ByTAWNYAOF 
ESSENCE SALON 

only $1100 
includes: shampoo & precision haircut 

blaw dry and styling $4 extra 

HiLites & Perms $45 
(including haircut) 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, sum 201 LA JOLlA 453.9477 
Above St. Germain's Liquor & Deli 

CD SOUNDS 
COMPACT DISCS 

- NEW - USED 
- 1 DAY SPECIAL ORDERS $ 

-IMPORTS 
- TRADE ... S o 6780 Miramar Rd. (behind Cart's Jr.) 
571-DISC 

off 

Any new disc 
WIth this ad. Good through Nov. 28. 1991 . 

,.. 



H4 HIATUS 

Dr. Seuss Uvea! 
By Jeffrey Yamacuchl 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Cat in the Hat will be pop-
ping up again. NO,l1Olat"ourmom 's 
house," but at San Diego' very 
own Balboa Park. His appearance 
will be one of many taking place on 
Nov. 17 as part of "Sunday in the 
Park with Scus ," a public tribute to 
1lleodore Scuss Geisel. 

"This day will beacelebrationof 
Geisel' life and work. His chi Idren 's 
books really do touch all of us -
people of every age. This day will 
be a chance to pay tribute to the 
creator of such powerful work," said 
Carolyn Wonnser, special event 
administrator for the City of San 
Diego. 

Among the event that will take 
place during the day are celebrity 
appearances by Raven Symone, the 
newest member of the "Cosby 
Show" ca t, and Mercedes 
McCambridge, a star in many Broad-
way production . 

Both will be headlining the for-
mal tribute to Geisel by reading 
their favorite Dr. Seuss tories. Video 
clips of Dr. Seuss readings by 
Charles 0 good and Jesse Jack on 
will also be hown. 

Adding the element of music to 
the tribute will be the premiere of 

"Through Scuss' Colored Glasses," 
a song written in honor of Geisel' 
work by lyricist Pamela Phillips 
Oland. She has also written song 
lyrics for Frank Sinatra, Whitney 
Houston, Aretha Franklin, and 
composer Mark Chait, who did the 
musical score for "Baby Boom." 

The Balboa Park museum will 
provide an abnO pheric alteration 
of the area in order to bring the 
world of Dr. Scuss to life. 

Among the activities and sights 
to be provided by the individual 
museums, perhaps the most elabo-
rate will be the Museum of Photo-
graphic Art ' Sneech Star Machine 
- a Dr. Seuss contraption made 
real - which anyone can walk in 
and come out with a star on their 
belly. 

Other activities to take pia e 
through out the day are screening 
of Dr. Seu s films, including ''TIle 
Lor..uc" and ''The Sneeches," and 
live theatrical perfonnances adapted 
from Dr. Seuss stories. 

The formal tribute to Gei el, in 
which Symone and McCambridg 
will be reading, will start at 12 p.m. 
at the Balboa Park Organ Pavillion. 
Othera tivitie will begin at II a.m. 
and continue throughout the day all 
over Balboa Park. 

r-------------------, 
I Another Incredible Hiatus Contest! I 
I Thi week, the incredible prize i an autographed Chri Whitley I 
I poter and a opy of his new di c Living with tlte Law. Put your name I 
I and number on this coupon and put it in the Hiatus conte t box at the I 
I front of the Guardian office by Nov. 18 to enter. There will be only I 
I one winner, but you can enter as often as you want. I Name Phone. ____ _ L ___________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian 

cAFEs 
ContInued from .... H3 

ZANZWNI 
976 Gamet, 

PacifIC Beach 
AJthough Zanzibar has only been 

around for three months, it has al-
ready developed a considerable fol-
lowing. Credit for this is most likely 
due 10 the fact thal it is open every 
day until 4 a..m. Aside from thai. 
Zanzibar boasts a wide open space 
in which to enjoy your coffee. Be 
warned that seats are often painful 
to find. 

The caf~ i situated in a sman 
brick building on the main drag in 
Pacific Beach. It has a few seats 
outside on the sidewalk for people 
watching, although they are high 
profile targets for annoying street 
characters. 

The wall are graced with fresh 
artwork and they play jazz (the art-
work don't - thecafedoes). They 
have a great variety in what they 
serve - thing like sasparilla, cold 

BEAUTY 
ContInued from pace H2 
probably not awestruck either. 

The story i quite fonnula as far 
as Di ney love tories go. Despite 
thi , it is well told and has many 
entertaining moments. For those of 
you who don ' t know, the story is 
about a beautiful young lass,named 
Belle, who become the unwilling 
guest of the Beast in his isolated and 
dark castle in the midst of an evil 
forest. 

Through the course of running 
away from a pompous townsman 
and would-be uitor and getting to 

cereal, and a cavalcade of pastries. 
The coffee is from the Pannikin, so 
you can be swe thal it'll be plcasant 
to the palate. 

The prices range from $.90 to $2 
for the regular hal drinks and $2.50 
and up forspccial treats. The service 
is usually fast and without cafe ani-
tude. It's open realiale so there is 
almost always time to journey to 
Zanzibar. 

HOURS: M-Sun: 6:30 a..m.-4 
a..m. 

SOCIEiV-"Aa a CMt 
IOSI Gamet 

Pacific Beach 
The Society ca~ has been around 

for two years, and it offers an inter-
esting alternative to the caf~ for-
mula. Touting itself as a billiard 
club as well as a cafe, Society offers 
its clientele 15 pool tables in a large, 
modemesque space. 

The philosophy behind Society 
calls out to lhose who seek a cafet 
hang-out where people can easily 
approach each other. It seem that 
theatmo phereofthe game hopes to 

know the Beast, Belle falls for the 
creature and learns to "look past his 
beastly exterior." The Beast's castle 
and its master are the unfonunate 
victims of a curse which must be 
broken by love before the Beast's 
magical flowerdie orthecurse will 
remain forever. 

The castle is inhabited by ser-
vant who have been transformed 
into things like candles, clocks, and 
di he . Many of these are quite lov-
able and provide much of the Iight-
heaned Di ney atmo phere. 

Although the story and the mu-
ic might be a bit too schmaltzy at 

time , "Beauty and the Beast" is 

An Evening with 

Thursday, November 14, 1991 

bring people together. They also 
provide a steady menu of restau-
rant-type food and desserts. 

Society's prices don't stray too 
far from the usual path - coffee 
goes for $1 to $2.25. The most ex-
ceptional feature of Society is that 
every Wednesday (7 p.m.-2 a.m.) 
they present a special evening of a11-
you-can-cat pizza and salad, live 
music, and free pool. 

Normally one would have to shell 
out $lOfortheaffair,but if you have 
one of their invitations (found in hip 
shops and joints throughout San 
Diego) or if you present them with a 
student ID, you only have to pay $7. 

HOURS: M-F: 5 p.m.-2 a.m., 
Sat and Sun ooon-2 a.m. 

While considering a visit to one 
or all of the aforementioned cafes 
you should also remember to take a 
look at the re ident cafe-king on 
campus, the Grove. They serve 
Pannikin coffee, and possess a 
simple and rustic terrace. Enjoy the 
coffee, and always remember to re-
lax and let that caffeine take over. 

quite entertaining. This, the latest in 
a long tine of classic films, hows 
why Di ney is till the finest ani-
mated film producer on the planet. 

The movie contains the tradi-
tional Disney scenery and story with 
enough of a dose of '90s love and 
relationship themes, complete with 
the occasional sexual innuendo, to 
keep parents, kids, and romantics of 
all ages happy for an hour and a half. 
1llere are a few beUy laugh ,too. 

"Beauty and the Beast" is prob-
ably just what one expects from a 
Disney flick, and its exactly this that 
makes it good. The movie open 
nationwide next week. 

~B("II 
Be ... ..., willa ..... tack _ tit • .. I • ., of Cia ........ '. CemaJr Ia lite 
~1IdI ........ N ..... 1aaa .lnleul,y I.,., t ......... d .... ac .... 
Ia tile ca •• 01 COIU1I_ ...... u... ,... ............... ., •• 
............... e .................... AI.., ......... ce rel-, 
Nr. Nuu e_ ............. _I _ ...... aft ..... oar Ihu. 
Thla Saturda,)11 • Nov. 18 • SPID 
UCSD'. Mandeville AudltorlulD 
Student. $3 • G ...... I $5 
VCSD ao. Oll1e. • S34"4~7 


