
~DAY 
EDI110N 
.OPlNION 

The annual campus-wide 
AS. elections begin 
tomorrow. The elections 
give the student body the 
opportunity to exert its will 
00 the future of the campus. 
While the choices this year 
are few, there are several 
candidates who are uniquely 
qualified to take up the 
reigns of student govem-
mentIPAGE4 

• FEATURES 
The only one of its kind 

in California, UCSD's 
Soaring Oub allows the 
opportunity to glide through 
the skies to anyone who is 
interested. One student 
recounts his "exhilarating" 
experience of soaring above 
the coastlinelPAGE 15 

.A&E 
HoUywood seems to love 

making "serious" movies 
about political subjects. 
"Guilty By Suspicion," a 
new film starring the 
talented Robert DeNiro, 
anempts to depict how the 
McCarthy era affected 
people in the entertainment 
industrylPAGE 16 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD baseball team 

swept Menlo CoUege 16-6 
and J 2-4 on Saturday to up 
its record to 11-15. Man 
Rei hit a grand-slam horne 
run in the fourth inning of 
the opener. Erikk Aldridge 
went 4 for 4 in the second 
game, with two runs scored, 
one RBL and four stolen 
baseslPAGE 32 

INDEX ... 
UCSD Clips ............... 2 
Opinion ••....•.•......•.••••. 4 
Features .................. 15 
A a E •••.•.•.......... ~ .•... 16 
Sports •..•.........•...•.•.. 32 

A.S. Plans Vote on Allocation 
Of Funds for Pub Renovation 
• A.S. spl~ on $75,000 funding proposal 
By Sheryl WolcoH 
Staff Writer 

The A ociated Students (AS.) 
Council will cast the deciding vote 
at Wedne day night ' meeting to 
either permit or prohibit the aJloca-
tion of thousands of dollar to 
renovate the old Triton Pub. 

The $75,000 allocation request, 
if passed, would allow the Triton 
Pubrenovationtoincludeexpan ion 
plans that would more than double 
the seating capacity granted by 
present funding. 

In order for the proposal to pas , 
three-quarters of the council, or 19 
members, must vote to upport the 
allocation. In return for the contri-
bution, the A.S. would receive four 
free pub rentals per month over to 
years for A.S.-sponsored or co-
sponsored events. AS. President 
John Edson said that the AS. will 
also try to negotiate to have priority 
in pub scheduling. 

The prospects do not look good 
forthe proposal, however, as it lacks 
the upport of several council 
members and the A.S. Finance 
Committee, which voted 0-2 again t 
the allocation, with three ab ten-
tions. 

"Of all the things council it elf 
hasdealtwith- nexttoRIMAC-

this i probably one of the m t 
important issue ,"Edson said. "With 
only ix people needing to vote no 
or ab tain , I would expect thi to be 
very clo e." 

University Center Board (UCB) 
Chair Nick Long, who support the 
allocation, said that the aim of the 
renovationandexpansioni tomake 
the Triton Pub "a multi-purpo e 
pace ... it will bridge the gap be-

tween the mall meeting room we 
have, and the ballroom." 

With the$75,OOOaIJocation from 
theAS.,thepre entpub' tructural 
plans would be modified to enlarge 
one portion of the interior, in add i-
tion to creating a roll-up wall which 
would allow additional outdoor 
eating for larger events. The 

modified plan would in rease eat-
ing from 340 to 646. 

Upon obtaining the additional 
funding from the AS., construction 
on the pub could begin by July I and 
be completed next October, aid 
Long. 

Without the AS. contribution, 
the only major change accompany-
ing the renovation plans would be 
the creation of a separate bar area in 
the upper portion of the facility, 
funded by $20,000 allocated by the 

See PUB, Page 8 

An artist's rendition of what the front of the planned Warren 
College Residence Hall complex will look like upon completion. 

Regents Approve Warren Donns 
• Structures expected to house 600 
By Rachel Blackburn 
Staff Writer 

The UC Board of Regents ap-
proved thede ign ofa new d ining 
hall and apartment/re idence fa-
cility for Warren ollege last 
month. 

The facility, which will nsist 
of three re idence hall , two apart-
mentbuilding ,adining/multi-u e 
commons, and a recreation area, 
will co t $42,098,000. The facili -
ties will becon tructed adjacent to 
the existing Warren Re idence 
Halls overlooking the canyon. 

Construction of the new fa-
cilities are scheduled to begin in 
April of 1992, with completion 
estimated by mid- 1993. 

According to the proje t's 
Executive Architect Michael 
Wilke of the an Diego-based 
archi tectural firm Delawie, 
Bretton, Wilkes and Associates. 
the" ingle most important part" 
of the proje t is the "pa eo," a 
tree- lined walkway which will 
lead t the dining faci lity and 
outdoor recreation area . 

"Our goal l with the walk-
way 1 is to create a meandering, 
romantic path which will cross 
between the housing arcas and 
go all the way to the overlook at 
the canyon edge," Wilkes aid . 

The complex will include a 
dining hall with three olltdoor 

See WARREN, Page 7 

SPECIAL ELECTION COVERAGE 

The Guardian has interviewed both of the presidential candidates and many of the other candidates for next 
year's A.S. CounCil, in addition to evaluating senatorial candidates on the basis of personal submissions. 
Excerpts from the presidential interviews can be found below and on subsequent pages. 

Guardian endorsements of specific candidates and referenda appear on page 4. Pages 9-12 are an A.S.-paid 
advertisement in which photos and short unedited candidate statements appear. Voting will take place Tuesday, 
Wednesday, and Thursday of this week throughout campus. 

AGUSTIN OROZCO / p" ,'., C,', ',. 
GUARDIAN: What experi-

ence do you have, and how do 
you think it qualifies you for the 
po ilion of AS. president? 

OROZCO: I think. the expe-
rience you probably want to know 
more about is my experience on 
[A.S.] council. I was a senator 
when I was a sophomore, and 
before I did a few things at Muir 
- I'm still pretty involved with 
Muir. I was the chair of the Muir 
Cultural Society tbe first year it 
was founded, and I also did some 
work with coUegecouncil-I' ve 
been on college council on and 
off for three years. I've also been 
a member of MEChA, so that 
gives me a different kind of feel-
ing about different things on 
campus. On council, I did a few 
projects ... trying to get thing 
passed through the admini tra-
rion, and actually doing a few 
things that got passed through 
the administration. 1 thi'nk that 

l , 

Jenn"., Kftll.k,~/r,IJ:IrI;i:1n 
some of those things are things 
that have given me experience 
forthe position. I've also worked 
for Student Outreach & Recruit-
ment, so I've done tours and thing 
like that. That really helps out a 
lot, because when something 
comes up - like a new building 
or something that's going on -':'" 
we're one of the first groups to 

See OROZCO, Page 13 

PAUL VARIN / P RESIDf 'niAI C ANDIDATE 

GUARDIAN: The first ques-
tionconcem yourexperience.and 
how you feel it qualifies you for 
the po ition of A.S. pre iden!. 

VARIN: The main thing that I 
think.qualifiesmeistheis ue that 
I plan to deal with. r am well 
versed in those things, especially 
what 1 have based my platform on. 
I've worked closely with [AS. 
President) John Edson in putting 
together the trategies and my 
plans to implement those i ues 
that I want to deal with. I' ve 
worked with Sergio [Langarica, 
A.S. VP Finance] and the other 
executives in dealing with some 
of the other things. Thi past year 
I served as A.S. Judicial Board 
chair for the majority of the year. 
Fortunately, there were no big 
problem this year, so I didn 't 
really havetodo any cases. lmaioly 
wrotesomeexecutiveopinion on 
things the council needed to know 
were constitutional. My main ex-

... ... 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
perience comes from the college 
level, being that I am from Fifth 
College and J am part of the first 
class. I was in trumental in the 
creation of the Fifth College 
Council and one of the primary 
co-authors of the Fifth College 
con titution. As the Fifth College 
Council parliamentarian, I wa 
one of the co-authors of the con-

See VARIN, Page 14 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
IRS Speclallstto VoIuntaerServices 
To Help Students With Tax Filing 

Carver Anderson, an IRS specialist, will be on campus 
Wednesday to offer free assistance for laX filing purposes. 
Student Legal Services will sponsor the event, which will 
be held in Room 8 of the Price Center from 12 to 1 p.m., 
and again from 4 to 5 p.m. If you need help, get it now 
before it's too late. The last day to file without a penalty 
i Monday, April 15. 
Students May Check Well-Being 
At Annual Health & FHness Fair 

The annual Health & FitneSS Fair will be on this 
Wednesday from II a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Price Center 
Plaza. TheeveOl will consist of more than 26participaling 
organizations and clubs, and over 32 stations or tables. 
These activities include Tay-Sachs disease testing, cOO-
le terol screening, lilne s assessment, blood pressure 
check. body compo~ition, student safety awareness, 
spirituality, eating habit awareness, alcohol and drug 
awareness, dental care, massage, and much more. KSDT 
Radio will provide noon entertainment. 

Blood Bank to Conduct Testing 
For Minority Bone Marrow Donors 

The San Diego Blood Bank will be on campus 
Wednesday and Thursday from 10 am. to 5 p.m. to 
conduct a tesling session for the National Bone Marrow 
Registry. TIle te ting drive will be held in Revelle Plaza. 

The cost of the test. usually 75, can be waived by 
minorities becau.e of the growing need r. r minority 
donors. everal campus organization are co-sponsoring 
the event. Testing takes 15 minutes. and two table poons 
of blood will be taken. 

on-minority tudellts interested in participating may 
either pay the$75 fee or sign up on a waiting Ii t. Students 
on the waiting Ii t will be contacted when the blood bank 
receiv s additional funding and can schedule te ts. 

For further infomlation, contact the San Diego Blood 
Bank at 296-6393. x26 . 

Calvin and Hobbes 
'1(» ~~ Wt\/l.i l~l ~i\(E\). 
~:> ~\NGS ~i 9\IG 

1'----:---, ~ ,I' '(00 ~T 
m~~~~r~lIJ 

nH~~ 
,~ ~(l)t\~\ 
CG ~Ill,,)! I~ 
K. ~1t4S\ 

~~E! 

r \1.'.~E ~ 
.... ~U:~E.~t. 
i'& Of moM, 
r 'fjllL !() 

~\lOt.lO 10 -n£ 
NN'E 'Q.l'mf 

~\(II Of us IS GQlt-¥; tU 
GW£ lJP FIR'i>T? lS ~'M£ 
G:lIJoG 1t) GIllE uP ~O smr 
R.Ao.I ~ It4G I CQ. AM. 1 GO\!o\G 
Ttl GI~ UP ~Q Q) \t.5\DE? 
9:) FAR , IrS 1JtIOC~\O£t>, 8\JT 
rf'l. ~I~B) 'R) 'fUM.' 

The UCSD Guardian 

Theater Department Founding ChaIr 
To Take Earty RetIrement In July 

The TheaIer Depanment announced thal Anbur Wagner 
will be taking an early retirement on July I. He was the 
founding chainnan of the department which he headed from 
1972 to 1977. He has also been head of the M.F.A. Acting 
Program for most of its seventeen-year existence. The Arthur 
WagnerActingScholarshipFund,benefitingtirst-yeargradu-
are actors, bas been established to commernorale Wagner's 
achievements at UCSO. 

Arthur Wagner is internationally recognized asa teacherof 
acting. He bas worked at various schools such as Tulane 
University, Ohio University, and Columbia University. He 
received his M.A. from Smith College in Nonbbampton. 
Mass., and his Ph.D. from Stanford University. 

To make a donation 10 the Arthur Wagner Acting Schol-
arship Fund or for more information, call 534-3793. 

Career Services Offers Job Search 
Programs for Graduating Students 

Students who an: graduating soon and need help finding 
jobs may seele guidance at the Career Services Center, which 
has programs intended to help. Forthose interested in the field 
of biotechnology, recruiters from 19 companies will be on 
campus the week. of Apri129. 

For students interested in saIcs or mariteting, 23 fim1$ will 
be interviewing at Career Services the week of May 6th. While 
these dates seem far away, students must attend an On-
Campu Interviewing orientation by April 11. 

Students who areconcemed about location can apply to the 
San Dieg<r-Los Angeles Connection, which offers students 
contacts with professionaJs in Los Angeles in certain fields. 
The deadline for applicalions is May 3, but students should 
come in soon for an application and find out about the 
requirements for the program to be held on June 20. 

Trauma Center Receives $500,000 
Donation from Local Foundation 

Five hundred thousand dollars that will aid San Diego 
Country trJuma victims has been donated to the UCSD 
Medical Center by the Off the Wall (01W) Foundation 
UCSD from proceed~ of the annual Offthe Wall Street Dance 
and Block Party in La Jolla. 

The donation was designated for a new trauma operating 
room at UCSD Medical Center, which serves San Diego 
County trauma patients as a Level I trauma center. 

This year' donation, the OTW Foundation's largest ever, 
is dedicated to the lateJack Farri ,associate dean for commu-
nity affairs a1 the UCSD School of Medicine from 1983 uOIil 

~r ~ "(\\ I~~ 
-m,TS ~ l'\1£1l'i 
Slll.'\ M40 

IR~POtISIB\..E 
W~'i 1t) L\~) 

by Bill Watterson 

i~· ... . ~ , , 
. . ... 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

his deaIh ill 1990, 
Farris helped found the fund,raising block party in 

1982 to forge a lint between the conununity and the 
School of Medicine, and raise funds for various School of 
Medicine programs. 

The trauma operating room, which will be available 24 
hours a day for critically injured patients, is specially 
equipped 10 allow rapid diagnosis and IJeabnent by the 
trauma team. 

UCSD Medical Center is part of the county's six-
hospital ClIUIJla system. which has dramarically improved 
survival raltCSofpatieots who are quickly transported to the 
nearest UIUIIIa hospital for Sl.IIe-Of-tbe-art care, 

The new trauma operaIing room is one demenl of • 
major reooWlion and building program under way II the 
UCSD Medical Center and Scbool of Medicine. 

Some 4,000 pcrsons annually attend the evenrina two-
block mea of Wall Street in La SoDa. visiting dozaIS of 
food boocbs, participating inpnes, and dancingto several 
bands. 
Volunteers tleeded for DIabetes 
Studies at Veterans Medical Center 

The Department of Metabolism 81 the Veterans Affairs 
Medical Center is looking for healthy volunteers ages 40 
and younger and 60 and older to participate in various 
diabetes-associated studies. 

ParticipanlS must undergo initial screening prior to 
being placed in specific studies. Depending on the type or 
number of studies the participant is assigned to, financial 
compensation of $50 to $300 will be awarded Most 
studies require a time conunittnent of one and a half to two 
weeks. 

For further infonnation, call1udy Quick at 552-8585, 
x2094. 
'Constructed Images' Exhibit Opens 
Friday at Mandeville Gallery 

"Constructed Images: New Photography" will be on 
view at the Mandeville Gallery from April 13 to May 12. 
There will be an opening reception on Friday from 6 to 8 
p.rn. The gallery will be OpeD from Tuesday through 
Sunday. 1210 5 p.m., and the exhibit is free. 

Sponsored by New Yor\{ City's Schomberg Center for 
Research in Black Culture, the elthibit features the pllo! 
tographic images of 15 African-American and Puerto 
Rican artists who share a commitment to "making" pho-
tographs instead of "taking .. them, eltperimenting with the 
"constructed image" as a medium of social commentary 
and a tool for exploring cultural identity. 

GuXknIAN 
Ptil GRUEN, Editor In Chilli 
ROBIN MAClEAN, AfMJIIgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD. AaocIaat Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, DMIgn EdItor 
GREG DIXON, ~ OpInIon Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MEUNDA HAMIl.. TON, Aaociate News Editor 
MARY BETIY HEARD, AssocIate News Editor 
LARA HEISlER, AaocMte Arts Editor 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, AIIIcJcIate Sports Editor 
CHRIS11NA HUIZAR, Associate Arts Editor 
PETER KO, Sports Editor 
JENNIFER KOlSKY, Phofo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Assoc:Jate Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ~tEdltor 
MEL MARCELO, ~ cnpha Editor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, AssocIate FMtures Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AaocIaat Phofo Editor 
JEFF QUAM, GnIphJcs EdItor 
JASON SNEll, News Editor 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, t=eetut. Editor 
JENNIFER YANCEY, ~tEdltor 

BOB DeANDREA, Bu.m... "tJI!gW 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdvertIMng ~ 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advri.ln,l "-'II'" 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C._If,. ".",...",.".,. 
~ "-l1li . : Shony f~. Toni SdwIIr. Ooug ShIdIit. Ka1aSlongt 
~ -~-.g;..DMoIICIM. PIGIoV_ 
CIItuIIIon: 00MI c..i. Joe lAo,loq u-. 

Monday, April 8, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

We apologize for the delay. 

Dear Students and Educators: 

Please accept our sincerest apologies for any inconvenience you may have experienced 
in trying to get your course packets this term. Kinko's has provided timely, up-to-date 
course materials to students for over twenty years, and we intended to do so again 
this term. However, on March 28, 1991 , a decision was reached in the U.S. District 
Court for the Southern District of New York which limits the ability of commercial 
establishments to provide multiple copies of classroom materials for educational use. 
This court decision limits the ability of all establishments not just Kinko's , to provide 
course materials. 

First and foremost, Kinko's has no intention,of discontinuing the Professor Publishing 
program. Although we are disappointed by the decision, we are 100% committed to 
complyin~ with the court's decision. We have already begun to alter our systems to ensure 
compliance with these new guidelines. 

The timing of the decision means some class materials will not be available in a 
timely manner for this tefln. Kinko's is striving to ensure that this delay will not recur. 
Kinko's is the only company in our industry positioned to comply with the new guidelines. 
Kinko's has established relationships with over 100 publishers nationwide to reproduce 
copyrighted materials and continues to add publishers to this list. 

We are working closely with educators and publishers to make your materials available 
as quickly as possible. Our absolute goal is to support you in every way we can. We 
appreciate your patience and support during this difficult time. 

kinko's® 
the copy center 

3 



4 OPINION 

REFERENDA ENDORSEMENTS 

Referenda Will 
Reflect Student 
Voice on Issues 
• Endorsements and analyses 
of the six campus-wide referenda 
on tomorrow's A.S. ballot 
Women's Resource Center 

The wording of the referendum question 
makes this issue perfectly clear: If the univer-
ity maintains that all service for women are 

currently being met, then the UCSD Women's 
Resource Center (WRC) - a support service 
- should be ju lone of the many organiza-
tions, groups. or support services where those 
policies are in effect. The WRC does not have 
any paid staff members, and it is our impression 
that the center has pushed for this ballot 
initiative. If the center wants a paid staff 
member, and the university apparently claims 
that all these needs for women are currently 
being met , it make perfect sense 10 ensure thaI 
the center'S needs are mel as well. TIle center's 
primary funclion is to exist as a support service 
for women, and therefore to provide necessary 
upport for women in need. With campus safety 

alway a primary is ue at a large public campu 
- especially at one with approximately 15,000 
st udent near an urban metropolis - women in 
partiCUlar need a place they can tum to for 
support. The center can assist in that respect, 
but may need a paid staff member to help 
organize and reach out to a greater number of 
women on campu . Be ide • every other UC' 
WRC is funded and staffed, so why IIOt 
UCSD's? It only makes ell e, 

TIle Gllardian urge you to vote "yes." 
Parking Structure Fees 

TIlere is little doubt that the parking 
ituation - even if the tate i in a severe 

budget crisis - remains a huge campus issue. 
This situation is compounded daily as student 
parking spaces are wiped away for construction 
purposes on a campu whose student popula-
tion will increa e by approximately 60 percent 
in the next 14 years. The university (more 
specifically. the administration) has recognized 
Ihe impending problem only in part by advocat-
ing the construction of park ing structures. 
There is a proposal to build a 900-car under-
ground parking garage beneath the present 
location of the old bookstore and the Warren 
Theater. but there is still some question as lO 
student acces to that garage. If university 
parking fees - which include student parking 
fees - will help fund this project. it is impera-
tive that the students have a voice in its use and 
servicing. Simply put, if students are paying for 
a portion of the structure, they should receive a 
portion of the available parking spaces. If not, 
the student parking problem can only get 
worse. 

The Guardian urges you to vote ·'yes." 
C~ Community Planning Committee 

The Campus Communirt Planning Commit-
tee (CCPC) is made up of five administrators, 
five faculty members, one staff member, one 
graduate student, and one undergraduate 
student in its 13-member voting board. It is not 
a coincidence that 10 of these members are 
either faculty members or administrators -

, these people, on the average"spend a far greater 
span of their years on this campus than the 
other three groups (staff members; graduate 
students. and undergraduate students). Many 
faculty ~ and administrators gain a job 
with the university and - partially because of 
excellent retirement benefits - tend to stay 

See REFERENDA, Page 6 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, AprilS, 1991 

BALLOT 
WD 

Election 1 
CANDIDATE ENDORSEMENTS 

Edirorial Board 
PHIL GRUEN. Editor in Chief 

ROBIN MAC LEAN. Managing Edi tor 
JASON SNELL, News Edi tor 

BE BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 
TM UCSD GuarduJII is publiihcd thr« limes I Vt«k ar the Univcniry 0( 
CallrOrnIa. San Dic,o. ConlenlJ Cl l99 l. Viewl c.xpruted hc.rtin rtpreKnt the 
maj()",y ' 0 1< <>f Ine ed itorial boon!. and an: not n«:< 5A1ltydlOKOrd,. UC Board 
or Regents. the ASUCSO. nor the enlire Gwcrdiora 511fT. 

Endorsement Policy 
The endorsements were decided by a majority 

vote of the Guardian Editorial Board. The 
Editorial Board conducted interviews with the 
vast majority of the candidates for the president, 
vice president. and commissioner posts. 

In addition. candidates for senator positions 
were given three questions and asked to submit 
a one-page response. 

Some of the things the board was looking for 
in candidates were some relevant experience, a 
corrunand of the issues, clearly defmed goals, 
and a realistic under tanding of the powers and 
limitations of the positions they are seeking. 

Students spend much of the year complaining 
about problems such as parking and high fees. 
This is the one time of the year students, if they 
vote wisely, -can actually have an effect. A 
student representative, possessing a clear 
mandate of the people. can truly make a 
difference. 

We tronglyurge student to vote. We cannot 
expect a strong 'student government when few 
students take the time to have a voice in that 
government. 

The' Elections 
That Yawned 
• Oespne the lack of participation in this year's 
election, there are some standout candidates 

The 1991 UCSD Associated Students ' elections will 
most likely be remembered as the elections that yawned. 
Not since 1985 has there been such a marked lack of 
candidates for the various executive and commissioner 
positions. Of the nine major vacant positions, only two-
president and vice-president of external affairs-are being 
sought by more than one candidate. 

The remaining vice-president and commissioner posi-
tions are being sought uncontested by single candidates, 
with the exceptions of the commissioner of public relations 
andthecommissionerofoperations/servicesandente.rprises, 
for which no one bothered to declare their candidacy. 
Compared to last year's plethora of candidates. this year's 
turnout is nothing shon of pathetic. 

lb! extreme lack of participation in this year's elections 
may be auributed to the great success of this year's A.S. 
Council which, under the strong and intelligent leadership 
of President John Edson, was extremely successful in 
manyofits efforts to serve the interests of the student body. 
Gone were the days of open council warfare, divisiveness, 
conflicting political agendas. and a perceived lack of 
power in the student government 

We I 99()..9 I A.S. Council, and Edson especially, proved 
that hard wort, a clearly established agenda, and a lot of 
dipklm8cy can do wonders in advancing the cause of 
students. Edson's success with moving the passino pass 

See CANDIDATES, Page 5 
., . 

Monday, April 8, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

CANDIDATES WHEN AND WHERE TO VOTE 
ContInued from page 4 Tuesday, April 9,10 a.m.-4 p.m. 

-Revelle Plaza 
-Middle of Muir (MOM) 
-Peterson Hall 
-Warren Apartment Commons 
-Pepper Canyon Lodge 

grading option deadline from second 
week to fourth week and his ability to 
reachacompromisewithPoliceChief 
JolmAndersonontheTGcontroversy 
are two excellent examples of the 
council's ability to effect change. In 
short. student government was re-Ie-
gitimized. _ . 

Wednesday, April 10,10 a.m.-4 p.m. 
-Price Center Plaza 
-Main Gym Steps 

The question many porential can-
didates may have asked themselves 
this year is, "How can I top the suc-
cesses of this year's council?" The 
answerformanyappears to have been. 

Thursday, April 11, 10 a.m.-2 p.m. 
-Price Center Plaza 
-Main Gym Steps 

"J can't. .. And they may be right. lumds of students is not feasible, sim-
Those studenIs wbo decided to as- ply because campus broadcasting is 

sumethecballengeofpickingupwhere under the supervision of University 
this year's council1eft off deserve a &tension. 
cenain amount of credit Despite the Both Orozco and VariD knew the 
flKlt thalmany ofthemajorcandidales important issues fairly well, altbough 
are IUIlIling unopposed. most appear Varin did seem 10 be better organized 
to be taking their campaigns very se- onSOl1lC of them. Both candidates had 
riously. Some of the candidares inter- manystrong pam, but, on the wbole. 
viewed seemed realistic enough to Vadnseemedmorelikeapalcimita-
acknowledgethcpotentiaJdifficultics tiGlofEdson. Orozco has the knowl-
in following the fooIsteps of such a cdaeand experience, and will be able 
suc:cessfulCOUDCilAcautiousoutloolc to b.riDI his own. flesh perspective to 
will be vital in tackling the cballenges rbb-office of Ibo A.S. ~denl 
ahead. • Vice l'Iesideat Adminilltrative 

President 
The president is the guiding force 

behind the A.S., responsible for set-
ting the tone for next year's entire 
council. This year's president. John 
Edson, is a fine example of what a 
president sbould be: decisive. intelli-
gent, and diplomatic. Edson is clearly 
a skilled politician, able to work ef-
fectively behind the scenes forging 
practical compromises with the ad-
ministration to further student inter-
ests. It is no surprise, then. that both 
presidenlial candidates look to Edson 
as a role pk)del and guide as to how to 
handle next year's council. 

Both presidenlial autdiQjlfs' cre-
dentials aft very good. Both can4i-
daleshaveservedontheAS.Council, 
both have been active in _ir indi-
vidual colleges, and both have a clear 
idea of what the imponanl issues are. 
However, Apstin Orozco is the more 
qualified candidate for president. 

Orozco has much more work ex-
perience on thecouncil than his 0ppo-
nent, Paul Varin. Orozco served as 
Muir sophomore senator two years 
ago, and worked very liard on issues 
of campus safety. He was successful 
in persuading the UCSD Police De-
partment to post signs on call boxes 
indicating that CSOs could be called 
from them. Orozco also ran for vice-
president extemallast year. Although 
he did DOC win the position. he was 
ex.tremely qualified for the post and 

. had an excellent grasp of important 
issues in external affairs. He has kept 
inclosetouchwitbthcimportant issues 
in the year that bas passed. 

Varin's experiaqon the COWlCil 
is not nearly as extensive as Orozco's. 
Varin served pan of this year as the 
AS. JudicialBoardc:bainnan. but was 
never faced ~ 80y challenging 
cases. The extent of his role as the 
board's cbiiml8D wu limited to writ-
ing opinions .... 10 the COIJIIitu-
tioaaUty of AA. executiV41 drx:isioQs. 

WbiIe Varin seeQIed to kDow a 
gJaldeallbouclqJodanl issuealUCh 
as tbe 4) ,... fee inc:nI8 aad 
JUMAC. .. """"to CNMIo ape-
c:ia1--" ..... "" ........ cq,a-piption&, _10 IWriIie podiIa of 
the UCSOM-. Pt. IDICCOtNao-
dlrepllkitc ........ I00 .... 
l'IIIiIIk:. Fudbermln,hia ...... to 
purKSDl'lIIdfmembenonaeampus 
~""'robepPfOll-­
minadecilioal MUDTftrmIy Iorbe 

'Although Mike Holmes is the only 
C'Wti<'ate for this office, he is an en-
thUsiastic, able, and very intelligent 
candidate who win fulfill the respoo-
s.ibilidcs of this position very well. 
ThepositionofVPadministrativeisa 
powerful one. Holmes will be re-
sponsible conducting council meet-
iogs..as well as making appointments 
to important campus-wide commit-
tees. 

lIoImes has the experience and 
iotdtigeuce to be an excellent VP 
admjnistrative. Having served two 
years on the council, be has had the 
opportunity to closely observe the 
successes and failures ofhis predeces-
sors. He recognizes that one great 
teIIpOnsibility of the position is to 
ensure that all paths of communica-
tion are open between council mem-
bers and their constituents, the stu-
dents. 

The VP administrative is put in the 
unique position of wortcing behind the 
scenes to maintain unity within the 
council and to head off any potential 
cooflicts. Holmes contends that the 
council need not be "like a family," 

~ that the members should become 
aware of each other's interests to be 
able to wortc together effectively. 

Holmes hasc:ome a long way since 
be ran for this same position last year. 
He has matured greatly during his 
year as studenl advocate. Holmes will 
bring stability to next year's council 
while actively seeking to promote 
student interests. 
Vice Presiclent Externa) AJrairs 

The vice president external pasi-
tioa is pcrhapsone'of the most impor-
tantpositioos'on the council. The VP 
extemalis responsiblefordealing with 
groups outside UCSD, especially the 
10cal city and stale governments. The 
1IlOIt- important task facing the VP 
external for next year wiD be 10 deal 
wiGl the 40 prrccnt fee increase. The 
vp,C\XIemal ril bave to lobby Ibe 
~ "' ;thc UC RegenlS to 
loatforwayatoiJllkctbefee iocrease 
Q'IOl'O boanIbIo lor SIIIdt;nts, not to 
lower ....... set&e.buttopropoae 

~ ..... 1e maIhods to offset tho in-
~ . "j,;;)t'. , 

,We~~CorVP 
........ affIin. He is .... fodb.. 
_ and ,= I.illdy ctedic:.d 10 stU-
"C8IIIeIL AddiIioNDy, Malek has 
w.bdcloeelyibil yew widlcurmJl 
VP BxIemal Molly McKay, and ... 
1oIJbtio8 experience. His oppoi_lI, 

Randolph Siwabessy, is also very 
dedicated and willing to put in the 
time, but he lacks Malek's experience. 
Siwabessy should definitely seek.(and 
be awarded) an appointed position in 
order to acquire much-needed council 
experience. Siwabessy has the drive 
and enthusiasm to be an excellent 
leader,butlackstheclearfocusneeded 
in a VP external. What he needs to do 
now is get a better feeling for how the 
game is played before he attempts to 
undertake major tasks. 

Malek is conscientious enough to 
realize that as VP external, he will 
have to concentrate more on real ex-
ternal issues than did his predecessor, 
McKay. Malek must take care not to 
fall into the same trap as McKay found 
herself in earlier this year, which was 
to gradually neglect herelttemal duties 
infavorofmoreintemalissues. McKay 
dida very goodjob this year, but mucb 
of her energy was directed toward on-
campus affairs. 

Additionally, Malek may find that 
his forceful demeanor and his radical 
stance against the university adminis-
tration may at times work against him 
and ultimately against the interests of 
students. Majek should take care to 
make his demands wisely, and should 
not rule out compromise. 

Nevertheless, MaIck will make a 
good Choice for VP e~emal affairs. 
Vice President Finance 

1hevice president finance has con-
Iro) over the details oftheA.S. budget, 
specifically the allocation of funds to 
studenl organizations. We strongly 
suppon Joseph Cassar, a very bright 
candidate whose experiences on the 
Student Organization Funding Board 
and as the budget manager of the 
Catholic StudentCorrununity give him 
the unique perspective on the A.S. 
fmancial allocation process. 

Recognizing the difficulties sur-
rounding the present economic situa-
tion, Cassar promises to tighten the 
pursestriogs on student organization 
funding allocations. Cassar's plan to 
dole out funding to organizations 
conservatively at first is a wise one. 

Althoughsomeofhis ideas-such 
as how to lower parking fees - are 
overly idealistic, it will be interesting 
to see if he can make good on his 
promise to bring more equalizalio!" in 
the allocation of funds to student or-
ganizations. Cassar sees an enormous 
disparity in the funding of certain or-
ganizations over others. We hope he 
will be able to weather the great p0-
litical pressure involved and bring a 
greater sense of fairness to the allo-
cation process. 

As VP flJ]llJ\Ce, we are confident 
that Cassar will continuc tocnsurethat 
thec:ouaci1doesnotlapec incorunaway 
lpMdi", .. irbu been known to do in 
rbepllt. 
c.u ...... tlAcIlde_AIfain 

The Ccmnissiooer of Academic 
Affairs is an impot18111,.though mosdy 
invisible, position. This year's com-
miasioner, Anneae MosJey, WOIked 

See CANDIDATES. Page 6 

OPINION 5 

GUARDIAN BALLOT 

• The following are the Guardian 
endorsements for the A.S. elections. 

A.S. OFFICERS 
President 

Agustin Orozco 

Vice President Administrative 
Mike Holmes 

Vice President External Affairs 
Siamak Malek 

Vice President Finance 
Joseph A. Cassar 

Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Monique Bugarin 

Commissioner of Communications 
No Endorsement 

Commissioner of rations/Services 
No Candidates 

Commissioner of Programming 
Matthew Schnurer 

Commissioner of Public Relations 
No Candidates 

SENATORS-
Revelle Junior Senator 

Toni Cacciatore 
Revelle So homore Senator 

No Endorsement 

Muir Junior Senator 
No Endorsement 

Muir Sophomore Senator 
Cindy Ramirez 

Third Senior Senator 
No Endorsement 

Third Sophomore Senator 
No Endorsement 

Warren Senior Senator 
No Endorsement 

Warren Sophomore Senator 
No Endorsement 

Fifth Senior Senator 
No Endorsement 

Fifth Sophomore Senator 
No Endorsement 

REFERENDA 
Paid Staff Member for Women's Resource Center 

Yes 
Proportion/Allocation of Parking Spaces 

Ves 
More Studlnt lleprlsanlltlon on Campus PIIIIIing Commllll 

No 
ContInued Outreach to latino and FIlipino Studenta 

Yes 
General Education Credit for Volunt .... Work 

Yes 



6 OPINION 

Thursdays 
is 

UCSDNlTE 
G e , at la S 

Parly on our patio 

$250 Pitchers 
$ 500 12" Pizzas 

w / one topping 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 

Summer essiOIi 
AT SULB 

Snenn ~our summer at l'f 
r lie Beach! 

Cal State Long Beach offers: 
·More than 1,200 classes: Business, sciences, 
fine arts, humanities, engineering, education, and more 
·Large selection or GE and I C courses 
·Transferrable units 
·Low cost tuition 
·Day and evening classes 
·3 Sessions: June lJuly 12, June 24·Aog, 2, July 15·Aug,23 
Call for a FREE class schedule; (213) 985·5561 
or write to Summer Sessions, CSULB, 
1250 Bellflower Blvd., Long Beach, CA 9084()'8002 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

[ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
.~ Call for details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap - Only $48 

NOl a temporal)' water loss • heduce ceffukte and stretch marlls 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 

I 

Mm .. 455-0909 Expires 5/4/91 

Are you looking for an 
upper-division non-contiguous elective??? 
Try the Third College Public Service Option TEP 181C 
This course involves volunteering in local San Diego Public 
Schools. Students will be trained and supervised by TEP 
faculty. The Public Service Option can be used to satisfy upper 
division non-contiguous requirements for Third College 
students or as an upper-division elective for others. If selected . 
you must secure the department stamp from the TEP Office. 
519 MAAC. This quarter. TEP 181C will meet on Tuesday from 
10:00- 11 :50 a.m. in MAAC 517. The course code is 112317. 
If interested. please contact the Third CoHege Academic 
Advising office in the Third Administralion Bldg .. Room 120 or 
call (619) 534·4110. 
RequiremcnI5 for the coone: 2.7 or betttt GPA and sopbomort status 

The UCSD Guardian 

CANDIDATES 
Continued from page 5 
hard in conjunction with John Edson 
to bring about the deadline move for 
the pllSs/no pass grading option. 

Thi year, vve trongly endorse 
Mooique Bugarin, who, although 
running unopposed, has the drive, 
vision. and experience to be a very 
good commissioner of academic 
affairs. Bugarin's major project this 
year will be to eek the implementa-
tion of a "dead week" - a period of 
three to five days in 10th week in 
which professors will devote 
class time to optional review ses-
sions. A dead week will provide 
much-needed breathing room for 
students with difficult classes to 
prepare for thei r finals. 

Bugarin knows the proper chan-
nels that need to be taken to get the 
dead week implemented. She i 
confident and diplomatic. and will 
handle the po t effectively. 

~erofConununications 
Thecommi ionerofcommuni-

cations is responsible for oversee-
ing the funding of campus media, 
with the exception of the Guardian 
(which is independent and funded 
solely by advertising). This post has 
the potential for a great deal of con-
n ict, particularly since the members 

REFERENDA 
Continued from page 4 
here forever. Because they have to 
deal with planning is ues and 
function inside campus architec-
ture for a much greater length of 
time than students and staff, it is 
only logical that they should have 
an overwhelming majority of the 
voting representation. Not that the 
faculty members and administra-
tors who sit on this board escape 
criticism - there are certainly ex-
amples of fau 1 ry planni ng and poor 
architectural choice for campus 
building projects - but they do 
not need another tudent represen-
tative who is entirely devoid of 
intelligent input. The e A.S. hacks 
always end up on these types of 
campus committee . We do not 
need any more of them. 
The Guardian urges you to vote 
"no. H 

Latino and Filipino Recruitment 
Because the population ofLalino 

and Filipino students may have 
reached a largel "quota" at UCSD, 

of the altemative media range widely 
across ideologies and temperaments. 

Sharon Oh is running for the post 
unopposed, but there i no way we 
can endorse her. Oh failed 10 show 
up for her scheduled interview. 
Therefore, we have no idea of what 
herbackgnoundis,vvhatexperience 
she may have, or what she propose 
to do once in office. All we can do is 
hope that she is competent enough 
to handle the post. 
Commissioner or Programming 

The commissioner of program-
ming oversees the allocationoffunds 
for various events such as TGs, pub 
hows, film , and lectures. Man 

Schnurer, who is running unop-
posed, has had a lock on the position 
fortwo years now. He is clearly the 
most qualified individual at UCSD 
to hold the position. He has success-
fully attracted popular musical 
groups to play TGs and pub shovv , 
and acquired excellent motion pic-
tures for the AS. film series. 

And he has had his share of p0-
litical battles as vveLL Two years 
ago, Schnurer struggled with then-
AS. President John Ramirez over 
the programming content of TGs. 
This year, he has had to look for 
alternative ways to hold the ever-
controversial TGs, after the Depart-
ment of Alcoholic Beverage Con-

the university has apparently de-
cided to cease outreach recruitment 
effons for these students in the high 
schools. This would be a travesty. 

It is neither clear that the popu-
lation of these students at UCSD is 
entrenched, nor that the student 
numbers are indicative of the 
makeup of Latinos and Fi.lipinos 
residing, panicularly, in the sur-
rounding region. Halting a recruit-
ment effon at this early stage may 
have already pushed the situation 
along a dovvnward path. If the situ-
ation does worsen, it vvill be a major 
project to bring the numbers bade 
up to an acceptable level. TIle uni-
versity will not look forward to such 
a task. and we do not feel discon-
tinued outreach is vvorth the risk. 

TIle Guardian urges you to vote 
'"yes. " 
Third College Volunteer Work 
for Credit 

On a relatively basic level, if 
Thi.rd College students can earn 
general education credit by work-
ing as volunteers in the community, 
it should follow that all colleges at 

BLACK & WlflTE CARTooNS OF CoLOR 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

trol ruled that serving beer at the 
events was illegal . 

Schnurer's experience, ability, 
and keen insight into the WOrki ngs 
of the A.S. Council and program-
ming make him a great candidate. 
We endorse him wholeheartedly. 
Public Relations and Operations, 
Services and Enterprises 

Noone ran forthecommissioner 
positions of public relations or op-
erations, services, and enterprises. 
Both positions will be filled by ap-
pointments, and maybe that's the 
way it should be. The AS.- has a 
horrible public relations problem. 
which has not improved signifi-
cantly in the last year. The A.S. 
commissioner of operations, ser-
vices, and enterprises oversees the 
A.S. enterprises, such as Assoned 
Vinyl and KSDT. but the post is 
really nothing more than a liaison 
position, and is really not as im-
portant as the other commissioner 
positions. 

This year, there is an A.S. con-
stitutional amendment which, 
among other things, would make 
the public relations position an ap-
pointed one. We strongly suppon 
the amendment, but would have like 
to have seen it go one step further 
and include the operations, services 
and enterprises position as well. 

this u ni versi ty be allowed th is op-
tion. Although Third College has 
always emphasized involvement in 
the community as a part of its gen-
eral educational and administrative 
philosophy, it is cenainly not be-
yond UCSD's other fourcolleges to 
implement a similar opportunity-
with credit - for their students. 

Some UCSD colleges may en-
counter difficulty incorporating 
volunteer work into their current 
general education curriculum, and 
it would be crucial to fit this oppor-
tunity within the general education 
guidelines without making any 
drastic changes to academic policy 
or college philosophy. 

It may be necessary for some of 
the colleges to modify the guidelines 
in orderto make this work. But this 
opportunity is vvonh a few slight 
alterations to encourage a greater 
number of students to reach out into 
the community and push toward a 
much larger goal: the improvement 
of society and the environment. 

The Guardian urges you to vote 
"yes." 

By JONATIIAN 'TRAYNHAM 
Did you sol ve the anal temperature of 
a hibernating bat problem, Maynard? 

If professors are so brilliant, why 
can't they calculate what size 

pants to buy? 
~,- . . 

Monday, April 8,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

WARREN 
Continued from page 1 
dining areas in addition to indoor 
eating. One of the outdoor arcas 

will be on the edge of lhc canyon 
and, a cording to Wilke , will give 
students the opportunity t "view 
the afternoon sunset and the 
canyon's abundant small wildlife." 

" It i!> very important for Warren 
College to have these residence 
hall becausc it will be easier for 
freshmen to meet people and to 
adjust quickly to coli ge Iifc. Th 
dining faci lity is also a very im-
portant addition and will be con-
venient for ' lUdents." he said. 

"After completion, part of the 
existing Wan·en Aptlrtmeills C31l 
be used forupper-divisionstudenl~ 
from all colleges," Wong added. 

WHEN Be WHERE TO VOTE: 

The econd patio area will be n 
the eastem ide of the dming hall 
while the third \ ill overlook the 
canyon from the roofoverthe indoor 
dining haiL 

The plans also include a conve-
nience store, student offices, a stu-
dent lounge area and kitchenette, a 
computer room, group study areas, 
a mail center, and administrative 
areas located in the dining/multi-
use fa i1ity. 

The plan wi ll also add more than 
700 drought-resistant trees to the 
areaandremainingeucalyptu Ire s 
near the faciiity . 

According 10 Wi.lkes,theproject 
will work on a lands ape theme and 
"bring back the ideaof a eucalyptus 
grove with that kind of character 
and romance." 

TUESDAY, APRIL 9, :10 a.m.-4 p.m.: 
REVEllE Cou.£GE - REVEl.l£ PlAzA 

MUIR CoUEGi-:" MIDDl£ OF MuIR (MOM) 
THIRD Cou.EGE - PEl ERSON HALL 

WARRBV COLlEGE - APARTMENT COMMONS 
FIFTH COU£GE - PEPPER CANYON LoooE 

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1.0, 1.0 a.m.-4 p.m.: 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

GYM STEPS 

THURSDAY, APRIL 1..1, 1.0 a.m.-2 p.m.: 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

GYM STEPS 

UCSD SPECIALS 
.... 

mud I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
"C" Mltsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $ 35 *(reg. $55) 
1. Spark plugs OJ, /Une up mcludes a 101 more Ihan others. II includes: 
2, Dlstflbulor poinlS 6. Clean & replenish all fluid & oli levels 10. Check undercarnage for damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11 Check cooling syslem & hoses 
4, AdJUSI liming 8. Check cIulch 12. Road lesl 
5. AdJUSI dwell angle 9. Check lighls 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
1 C I I Exlralo,lue~lnJecred. OJrmaJOfluneupmdurJes: (reg. $150) . omp,esSlon es 
2. Valve adlu5lmen: 11 . AdjUSI bmlllQ 21. Check & replenISh all 28. Check and rechilfQe 

Replace 12. Adjust dwell angle flUId and 011 levels banery. II necessary 
3. V.lve cover gaskel 13. Adjust carburetor 22. Check eletllcal system 29 Rolate Ilres (If needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. Adiust steeling box 23 Check lor loose or losl 30 Check ~re pressule 
5. Distributor poinls 15 Adjus au S luel ratIO ml> bolts 31. Lube 0001 hinges 
6. Condetlsers. 16. AdjuSI clulch 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air Ii~er. 17. AdlUSl brakes 25. Check clUlch 33. Check ccoollng syslem & 
8, 011 hiler. 1 B. AdjuSI emergency brakes 26 ChCCIIIIghis hoses 
9, Gas filler. and 19 Check & adjust exposed 27. Check under.:atllage lor 34. Checl< exhaust system 
10. Engine od bells damages 35. Road test 

20. Lube from end 

N~' . F.r6~1~~Qc~~~pi;t; CnI2~tW~8hkj;bS $169 "' 
We replace: 

1. TransmiSSion input shaft seal (except 4. Throwout beanng Note: Hydraulic parts are nol covered. 
flondas 5. P,IOI bearings Not lor 4WD. Fronl wheel dllve exira 

2. Pressure plale 6. New transmission oli . 
3. Clulch disc 7. Road lesl $. 

Brake Job Special 39 (:eg. $80) 
Front Of rear. Brake job /fJcIudes: 

1. !nstaW special MW pads or install rear brake shoes 5. Bleed enbre brake syslem 
2. Drain ok! brake fluid 6. Adjust Ironl (II drums) and rear shoes 
3.lnspec1 compIele hydlau!ic sY5tem 7, Replace fronl rOlor seals ~f rolor lurn) 
4. Refjl hydraulic lluid 8. Road tesl 
Nolo: Hydrd pIr1S are nol,Wuded 

Innd new ,.,u. AU IIbout our special ...... for enCIne o •• rhall .. 
_ All our work ..... 2-,-- or 20,00CMnI1e Hllllted w ... ...,. 

AI prices Include part. Md labor. 

o¥et'Se~~ ('mostcars) 
- ~ 8008 Miramar Rd .•• s-1990 
~Rllp" Offer good Ihru 4/20/91 wilh this ad. (.;aif for appointment. 
•••••••• • Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

The project's residence halls and 
apartments will have the capaci ty to 
house approximately 600 students. 

"We think it's o llr best project 
yet and everybody is very excited 
about it ;' Wilkes aid . 

" It will give that whole end of 
campus there lat Warren] some 
meaning. making it a high-energy 
place and helping Ihe ex isting 
apartmcnts to become more inle-
grated and less isolated," he add d . 

According to Warren Provo ' t 
David Wong, the residence halls 
wi ll be used forWan·en' s first-year 
students and will be a "better ar-
rangement for new fre hmen." 

CLASSIREDS FOR FREE? 
Sure, if you follow these instructions: 

1991 

• Go to the center of the Price Center 
from U-1 p.m. any time this week. 

• Rnd the black Guardian cart. It will 
be there. Trust us. 

• Fill out one of our fonns. 
Your ad will appear in the Guardian 

issue of your choice! 

Shhh. Don 't tel/ anyone. 

CLEARANCE SALE 

~~~~~~[L , 
[Q)~®~@~~~ 
~(Q)[M~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

~ 
l V'llilQ~ II 
'h 

1~',() 

• 
M ram,H 

N 

+ :;.;. '" m", ~~ R, II 5 
1£~I~r APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 

'r~ 8250 Camino Santa Fe ~-~. Miramar, California 
(619)450-3323 



8 NEWS 

XEROX COPIES 

• Se lf service copiers . Volume discounts . Professors notes 
• Copies while you wait . Book binding 

HOURS: M F 8'30 d III 6 pill . Sdt 1 --l P '11 

3211 Holiday Court , La Jolla 452.9949 
Next to Domino ' s Pizza 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE, FAX ,(619) 45().9949 Expires 5/4/ 91 

SPRING INTO ACTION 
Saturday, April 20, 8:30-5 p.m. 
J in tudcnts from U SO, DSU, USO and Point 
Lorna in a unique 0 p rative effort to build a greater 

mmunity. V luntcer for a day-long project in the e 
issues: 

• E n virollm e n t 
• Y Olu lll Educatio n 
• Migrallr wor ker s 
• H ealrh care/AIDS 
• Teen d r ug a b use 

H om e lessness • 
hild A buse ' 

ellior iri=ells ' 
Disa b led' 
Anima ls ' 

Sign up at the VOLUNTEER CONNECTION: 534- 14 14. 
DEADLINE: Monday, April 15. 

You've been hurt In a tra ff iC aCCIdent 

Your car is damaged. Your body aches, 

You 're upset. and you' re thinking. 

"What am tsupposed to do now?" 

1·.·WHAI fIJ\V 
If you're the innoc:ent victim of a 

car accident, call l-aoo-WHAT NON. 
right avvll'y. You'll automatically 
reach the Georggin & Shann lavv 
oHice nearest you. 

When you're hurt, worried. or 
confused about what to do next, 
we can help. We'll do all we 

can to get you the setttement or 
avvard you deserve. And our fee 
comes only from what we collect 
for you. 

For the kind of immediate 
Il!l;Ial help you need .t a time I ike 
thIS, call 1·800-WHAT N<:NV. 
Right now. 

(.I .()I((;(.I'\ & SII \'\'\ 
Auto Accident Attorneys 

Mission \IaIIey Niltion11 CIty Et CIjon Oce.~ 
28S 1 C.mino Det Rio S. 1717 Swutw.ter Rd. 561 N, M.gno!i. M . 221)1 ( t (.",;no lINt 

The UCSD Guardian 

PUB 
Continued from page 1 
Graduate tudent ociation. 

"If we don't do the ex pan ion, 
it's going to look a lot like the pub 
does now," Long explained. "But, 
becau e of the partitioning off of 
the upper area, it ' ll be a little 
mailer . ..... 

Long outlined the drawbacks of 
a smaller Triton Pub as, "reduced 
eating, reduced tage ize, capac-

ity, and height - which, in tum, 
would mean reduced flexibility for 
concert ." 

The AS. Finance Committee 
expressed several objections to 
Long's remark before voting to 
deny recommendation of the allo-
cation, including the fact that the 
appro aJ of the allocation would 
deplete one-quaner of the A.S. 
Manda ted Reserves. 

'The primary objection was that 
the A.S. isn't getting anything back, 
and that the AS. shouldn't be in the 
faciliti'es management business," 
Long said. 

Finan eCommineememberand 
Fifth Senior Senator Paul Wilcox 
explained some of the committee' 
objections. 

"Our main objection was that 
we ju t didn't feel that [Mandated 
Reserves] was an appropriate place 
for the money to come from." 

Edson is aware that ome 
counci !members are opposed to the 
u eofmoneyforthe A.S.Mandated 
Reserves, which i compo ed of 
activity fee money, for a "facility 
management issue ... 

"lput thatdifferenceasideinthe 
ense that this facility will be for all 

students and that the consequence 
of ticking to that premise i that 
you ' re stuck with a maller facility, 
an inadequate facility," Edson said. 

Wilcox aid that "we were really 
oncemed about etting the prece-

dent" that people could request ex-
tra financing from the AS. 

According to Long, members of 
the Finance Committee wanted the 
AS. to receive "the total take from 
any given rental" in retum for its 
$75,OOOcontribution. Hecalled that 
request "impo sible." noting that 
the UCB is pending $210,000 on 
the renovation project. 

" If the AS. were to get a pro-
portional cut to it contribution to 
the facUity ... they would get $.23 
on eve.ry $100," Long calculated. 

'The better deal fortheA.S. was 
to save the money on not having to 
pay for rental than to take money 
off the events," Edson explained, 
adding that becau e the A.S. often 
funds student organizations who 
would rent the pub, the A.S. would 
be "recycling money." 

Edson remarked thaI there is 
some worry among the A.S. that 
they would not use the pub enough 
to make free rentals a valuable ex-
change for their $75,000 contribu-
tion. He responded, "It's naive to 
think that at our current level, the 
usage of the pub won 't grow." 

Wilcox admitted that he did not 
feel that whether or not the A.S , 
would use the pub enough was a 
problem. If the AS. had the oppor-
tunity to u e pub space for free, he 
said, they would. 

According to Wilcox, another 
possible way to obtain funding for 
the modified plans would be through 
the UCB. 

Wilcox aid that Assistant Vice 
Chancel1orTom Tucker has limited 
the amount of fundi ng the UCB can 
spend for the renovations. 

"In the next few days, we are 
going to lobby [Tom] Tucker to 
raise that amount. It is 'my under-
standing that lhe UCB is willing to 
spend that money," he said. 

"I think the expansion is really a 
good idea, and much needed," 
Wilcox added. 

Guardian classified for FREE? 

[f you see our Bitchin 
Black Bat Cart at the Price 
Center this week from 12-1, 
corne over, scribble ANY-
THING you want and your 
Guardian ad will appear in 
the date of your choice! What 
a country. 

P.S. Don't tell anyone. 

~onday,ApriI8, 1991 

A.S. Programmer Matthew 
Schnurer raised further objections 
to the pro pect of the AS. funding 
the plans. 

Schnurer argued that the parti-
tion intended to set off the bar area, 
which he compared to the Berlin 
Wall, would limit room capacity. 

Additionally, he said that the 
expanded outdoor seating would not 
be as useful as it appears because, as 
the possibility of rain is taken into 
account, advance ticket sales wi 11 be 
limited tothenumberofindoorseats 
- roughly halfofthe 646 promised 
by the proposal. 

"It 's almost asinine to hold half 
of your tickets becau e of some 
tupid construction plan," Schnurer 

charged. He added that the selling 
limitations would make ticket prices 
"extremely high." 

"[The proposal] makes a so-so 
facility even worse, but do we have 
the choice?" Schnurer conceded, 
calling the plan "the lesser of two 
evils." 

Countering Sclmurer' s objection 
because of the prospect of rain, UCB 
Vice Chair Paul Eykamp, who has 
been instrumental in the renovation 
plans, dismissed rain as a threat to 
pub programming. 

Eykamp asserted that in San 
Diego County, rainfall averages 
about I I inche per year, or ap-
proximately 15 to 20 rain days. 

As many large A.S. events, like 
the Sun God Festival, are planned 
outside, Eykamp felt that rain is 
"usually not an issue that we worry 
about." 

"We're lucky if we get enough 
rain forwhatthi area needs. That 's 
something you seriously have to 
consider. Is that really a worthy 
argument, to kill the entire project 
because of rain?" Long added. 

Long, recalling protest to bring 
the pub back after the BuU's Eye 
Tavern opened in the Price Center, 
encouraged those who feel strongly 
about the Trilon Pubtocontaet their 
AS. senators. 

"Some of those people are still 
around. They should talk to their 
A.S. representatives or talk tomem-
bers of council and tell them how 
they feel - 'whether they still feel 
strongly about the pub or not," he 
said 

Long, Edson, and Eykamp ex-
pressed frustration with some cur-
rent campaign promises regarding 
the pub. 

"Several people are campaign-
ing that they are going to bring back 
the Triton Pub. That's basically a 
lie, because the decision on the 
Triton Pub will be made no later 
than Wednesday," Long said. 

Monda , April 8, 1991 TlJe UCSD Glln.~·dilm 9 

A s ELECTIONS ADVERTISING SEC T ION 

SAMPLE BALLOT 
PRESIDENT (vote for one) 
Augustin Orozco AcrIO o 

o Paul Varin 
VICE-PRESIDENT ADMINISTRATIVE (vo te for one) 

Mike Holmes PRO-ACTIVE o 
VICE·PRESIDENT EXTERNAL (vote for one) 
Randolph Siwabessy o 

o Siamak Malek 
VICE·PRESIDENT FINANCE (vote for one) 

Joseph A. Cassar o 
COMMISSIONER OF ACADEMIC AFFAIRS (vote for one) 

Monique Bugarin o 
COMMISSIONER OF COMMUNICAnONS (vote for one) 

SharonOh o 
COMMISSIONER OF OPERATIONS/SERVICES and 
ENTERPRISES 

COMMISSIONER OF PROGRAMMING (vote for one) 

Matthew Schnurer o 
COMMISSIONER OF PUBUC RELATIONS 

REVELLE SENATORS 
SENIOR (vote for one) 
JUNIOR (vote for one) 
Toni Cacciatore 0 
EricLiu 0 
SOPHOMORE (vote for one) 
Karen Yang 0 
MUIR SENATORS 
SENIOR (vote for one) 
JUNIOR (vote for one) 
Marc Hirsch 0 
SOPHOMORE (vote for one) 
David Leo 0 
Cindy Ramirez 0 
Mike Powers o 
THIRD SENATORS 
SENIOR (vote for one) 
Victoria Butterfield 0 
Jennifer Morrow 0 
JUNIOR (vote for one) 
SOPHOMORE (vote for one) 
Gaye Johnson 0 
Lisa Hernandez 0 
WARREN SENATORS 
SENIOR (vote for one) 
Mark Rotenberg 0 
JUNIOR (vote for one) 
IOPIIOIIOR! (vote for one) 
Poncho Guevara 0 

FlnH SENATORS 
SENIOR (vote for one) 
Paul Wilcox 0 
JUNIOR (vote for one) 
SOPHOMORE (vote for one) 
Julie Chung 0 
Hilary Stockton 0 
REVELLE COLLEGE 
COUNCIL (vote for six) 
Pa trick Williams 0 
Jason Freshwater 0 
Jay Michael Levin 0 
Joseph Jarboe 0 
Melissa Hagan 0 
Joel John Knutson 0 
Alex Rivkin 0 
Ferret Baudoin 0 
Emilio Bruna 0 
Bill Mohler 0 

ARTICLE V, SECTION B OF THE REVELLE 
COLLEGE CONSTITUTfON PRESENTLY 
READS: 
The RCC shall consist of six elected students, 
one appointed freshman , and the Dean of 
Revelle. 

Should the Cons&tution be revised to /he 
following: 
TIle RCC shaH consist of six eiectBd students, 
one appoinI«J freshman, tllm BItIcIBd A.S. 
SIfI/IItHS, 0IItI appoinlfid ff8Shman SsnaIDr, till 
Dun, and the Assistant Dean of RewIIB? 
ylS. ________ No _ __ _ 

1991 Spring Election REFERENDA QUESTIONS 
1) Wille every other UC has a Women's Re-
source Center funded and stafted for a WIde 
range of counseling and Suppo1 services for 
women. the UCSD Women's Resource Center 
has no paid staff and only receives timited 
funding from the ASUCSD as a student organl' 
zation , The University maintains that all ser-
vices tor women are currentfy be'ng met and 
should be met by existing University services 
and considers all of the University departments 
to be funded at a levef to serve wOrTl(ln students 
efficiently. The A.S, govemment beHaves that 
such a service being geared towardswomenwill 
better meet the needs of women students on 
campus. and should be funded by the Univer· 
sity. 

Should the University pay for staffing at the 
Women's Resource Center? 

Yes, _________ No ___ __ 

2) The University has plans to build a 900 car 
underground parking garage. While University 
parking fees will fund tlls project, some University 
otficials would 6ke to exclude student parking 

from the structure, 

Should the University make the allocaoon of 
parking spaces proportIOnal to the amount of 
funding each group (e.g .• student, staff, and 
faculty) contributes? 

~s No ______ __ 

3) Among other charges. the Campus Com-
munity Ptanning Committee gives finat approval 
to the planning and construction of all buildings 
on campus. Currently. there are five faculty. five 
administra tive. one staft. one graduate and one 
undergraduate representative who have voting 
privileges on thiS committee, 

Should the UnivefSlty allow more student voting 
representatIOn on this committee? 

Yes, _ ________ No _____ __ 

4) As increasing numbers of Latino and 
PilipinolFilipino students have met minimum 
University enrollmenl guide tines, the University 
has decided todiscontinue targeted High Schoot 
outreach to those groups. The Associated Stu-

dents Council IS agamst this on the grounds that 
these groups sbll have below average HIgh 
School graduation rates which are used as a 
basis for establishing target enrollment num-
bers, 

Should the UnivefSlty continue targeted High 
School outreach to these groups? 

Yes, _ ________ No ______ __ 

5) Third College is planning to establish a 
course that would award students general 
education credit tor volunteer public service 
work In the community, 

Should the remairung four colleges actively worlc 
to establish Similar courses awarding generaf 
education credit for volunteer pubkc service 
worlc in the commuruly? 

~s No ______ __ 

6) If a program offenng academic credil for 
volunteer wor!! were established. would you 
particlpale? 

~s No ______ __ 

Constitutional Amendment Referenda Que.llon: Amendment. to Article III, Officers of the ASUCSD 

The current ASUCSD Constitution reads: 

ARTICLE III OFFICERS OF THE ASUCSD 

Section C: Senators 

1. Responsibilities of Senators 
a) Shall represent the interests of their reo 
spective college and the college community 
within the guidelines of their respective college 
by·Jaws 
b) Shall represent the intelests and needs ot 
the students in their respective class 
c) Shall act as a fiaison between the colleges 
and A.S. Council. the college councils and A,S, 
Council, and the college student body with the 
constituents of the other colleges 

2. Senator Election Procedures 
a) Nurrterof senators elected spring quarter-
three per co llege 
b) College senators will be elected by re-
spective colleges and represent number of 
completed quarters based on admission date to 
a university. The sophomore, junior and senior 
class representatives shall be elected at the 
time of the general efection, 

3, Number of Senators Elected/Appointed 
beginning of Winter Quarter-one per college 
a) Shall consist of one (t) representative from 
each college of the treshman class. 
b) Shall have completed a minimum of one (1) 
college quarter at the University of Calitornla. 
San Diego prior to taking olfice, 
c) Shall be appointed/elected by a process 
determined by the respective college council by 
the third (3rd) week of winter quarter; term not to 
exceed one (1) year. 
d) Shall attend their respective college council 
meetings 
e) Shall be a member of one standing councif 
committee for a minirrum of one (1) quarter per 
term 
n Shailbeamemberofanexecu1iveAegsiative 
cormlittee and aid in legislative/programning 
projects 
Shalt the ASUCSD amend the ConstltutJon 
AttIcIes II 10 read: 

ARTICLE III OFFICERS OF THE ASUCSD 

Section C: College Senators 

I . Responsibilities of College Senators 
a) Shall represent the intereslS of their re-
spective college and the college community 
within the guidelines of their respective college 
by·Jaws 
b) Shall represent the interests and needs of 
the students in their respective class. 
c) Shalt act as a liaison between the colleges 
and A.S. Council . the college councils and A.S. 
Council, and the college student body with the 
constituents at the other colleges. 
d) Shalt be a member of at teast one (t) 
councit le9siative committee. 
e) Shalt complete one (t) Council project 
n Shall anend all meetings of the ASUCSD 
Senate. 

2. Electioo'Appointrnent Procedures 
a) Sophomore, Junior and Senior college 
senators shall be electad in accordance with AS 
EJection Bylaws and indvidual cotlege guide-
~nes during the Spring General Election. Class 
level will be determined by the number of com-
pleted quarters based on admission date to a 
university. 
b) Freshman cotlege senator shall be ap-
pointed in accordance with individual college 
ptelnes I7t the fifth (5th) week of Fall Ouarter 
and shaI serve a term of one (1) year from 
appointment. 

Constitutional Amendment to Article II. Associ-
ated Student Council & III , Officers of the A,S. 
Council , of A.S. Constitutional Referenda 
Ouestion 

The current ASUCSD Constitution reads: 

ARTICLE II: ASSOCIATED STUDENT COUN· 
CIL 

Section E: Membership ot Council 

The Council shall consist of ten cafTllus wide 
elected members and four elected senators 
from each college, There will also be seven non· 
elected non· voting members. 

1, Campus-wide elected members 01 the 
Council shall consist at the follOwing officers at 
the ASUCSD: 
a) President 
b) Vice President: Administrative 
c) Vice President: External Affairs 
d) Vice President: Financial 
e) Commissioner ot Public Relations 
n Commissioner of Communications 
g) Commissioner of Programming 
h) Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
i ) Commissioner of OperationsiServices and 
Enterprises 

2. College Senators 
a) Sophomore. JUnior. and Senior from each 
college. 
b) Freshman from each college. 
3. Ex-Officio Members of the Council 
a) Alumni Representative 
b) Graduate Student Representative 
c) Adninistrative Representative 
d) ASUCSD Student Advocate 
e) ASUCSD Financial Controller 
n ASUCSD Lobby Annex Director 
g) ASUCSD Judicial Board Chairperson 
h) UCSD Student Affirmative Action Council 
Representative 
i ) UCSD Student Body President Council Rep-
resentative 
j) Chairperson of University Center Board 
ARTICLE 111 : OFFICERS OF THE ASUCSD 

Section B: Legislative 

1. Responsibilities of Commissioner ot Public 
Relations 

a) Shall organize and chair public relations 
committee so as to dispense appropriate intor· 
mation to the Associated Studenl Body. 
b) Shan work to inform the ASUCSD student 
population, and the Iocaf San Diego community 
of all actions and activities that involve UCSD 
Student Groups. 
c) Shall be responsible tor active advertise-
ment of ASUCSD sponsored campus events, 
d) Shall work with appropriate on and off 
cafT'9US media to help facifilate this advertise-
ment. 

Should the ASUCSD amend the ASUCSD 
Constitution, Article II & Iii to read: 

ARTICLE II : ASSOCIATED STUDENT 
COUNCIL 

Section E: Membership of Council 

The Councit shaft consist campus wide elected 
executives, campus-wide eIec1ed commissioner. 
and college senators. There will also be non· 
elected non-~ting melTters. 

1. Executive: 

a} President 
b) Vice President: Administrative 
c) Vice President: External Alfairs 
d) Vice President: Financial 
2. Commissioners: 
a} CommiSSioner of Communications 
b) Commissioner at Programming 
c) Commissioner of AcademiC Affairs 
d) Commissioner of OperalionsiServlces and 
Enterprises 

3. College Senators 
a) Sophomore. Junior. and Senior tram each 
college, 
b) Freshman from each college. 
4. Ex·Officio Members ot the Council 
a) Alumni RepresentatIVe 
b) Graduate Student Representative 
c) Administrative Representative 
d) Director of Public Relations 
e) ASUCSD Student Advocate 
f} ASUCSD finanCial Controfler 
g) ASUCSD Lobby Annex Director 
h) ASUCSD Judicial Board Chairperson 
i ) UCSD Student Alfirmatlve Action Counclf 
Representative 
j ) UCSD Student Body President Councd 
Representative 
k) Chairperson of University Center Board 
ARTICLE Iff: OFFICERS OF THE ASUCSD 

Section B: Legislative 

DELETE: 

t , Responsibilities of Commissioner of Public 
Relations 

a) Shall organize and chair public relations 
committee so as to dispense appropriate infor· 
mation to the Associated Student Body. 
b) Shall work to inform the ASUCSD student 
population. and the local San Diego community 
of all actions and activities that involve UCSD 
Student Groups. 
c) Shall be responsible for active advertise-
ment of ASUCSD sponsored campus events. 
d) Shall work with appropriate on and oH 
campus media to help facilitate tlls advertise-
ment. 

Section G; Ex-Officio 

ADD: 

4. Director of Public Relations 

a) Shall organize and chair public relations 
board so as to dispense appropriate information 
to lhe Associated Student Body. 
b) Shall work to inform the ASUCSD student 
population, and the local San Diego community 
of all actions and activities that involve UCSD 
Student Groups. 
c) Shall be responsible for active adver!Jse-
ment of ASUCSD sponsored cafTllUS events, 
d) Shall work with appropriate on and off 
campus media to help faciHtate advertisement 
e) Shall sit as an ex·officio member of the 
Programming Comnittee. 
f) Shall be appoinled by lhe ASUCSD Presi-
dent and ratified by 213 01 the ASUCSD Council. 

CONTINUED ON NEXT ~ 



10 T11e UCSD Gllllrdian/A.S. ELEOIONS ADVERTISING SEOION Monday, April 8,1991 

PRE SID E N T 

Agustin (Auggle) 
OROZCO 

To many, the position of AS 
President i som on who i 
above th tud nts and work 
alone, r who i ju tout f r a 
resume builder. Many have 
lost faith in the A and feel that 
because of all the red tape, little 
can b accomplished. I hnve 
fai th in the A , r have work d 
within th y t m nnd have 
seen positive change. The signs 
on the ca ll boxe that alert 
tudents that they can be used 

to ca ll SO's, and the "B" 
Parking permits that RA's now 
have acce s to hav been 
po itive things that I w rked 
on a ' a Senntor. As President, 
my first priority i~ to ou, the 

~tudents. We must work 
together Lo reaLe more posi tiv 
change on this campus. 

me of my go. b indud 
taking action to ensure fees do 
not go up as dra~ticall as the 
did. Parking wi ll also be a big 
issue and so the percentage of 
'pa e frail n w lot hould 
reOe t the percentage of 
student mone that was used to 
pay for them. Recruitment is a 
must and so funding should be 

secured to any student organi-
zati n who an help to furth r 
diverSify the campu by 
recruitment effort . We mu t 
not let TG's become a thing of 
the past, let's combine them 
with the Old Triton Pub and re-
tart another old tradition. 

Safety effort need to be 
increa ed by more awarene 
programs and more lighting 

I around shuttle stops. The 
Women's Resource enter will 
have a paid per on by Fall 
Quarter. We can wait no 
longer. 

My year of e p rienc in 
I adership and commitmen t to 
stud nt rights wi ll enable m to 
obtain my goals, but most 
importantly to alway serve 
you. 

Take A ]0 , v te Or zco. 

Paul T. VARIN 
Many i ue have faced the 

present ounei l, and they have 
tackled them with a surpri ing 
aggressiveness. Thi year's 
Council ha been one of the 
best ever. I will work to ensure 
that this effort ontinues, yet 
excels above and beyond 

previous expectations. 
There are till issu s that 

need to be resolved. System-
wide f have been in tituted 
to increase by 4D%. The month 
of May i the one where we 
need to work to block that. 
Regardl s, Financial Aid must 
be increa ed to cover the cost of 
living exp nses in our area. A 
new Ma ter Plan for Parking 
must be drafted, to stop costly 
construction of short term 
solutions and stop student fees 
from paying for them. Corpo-
rate spon orship for RIMAC 
has been approved, pursuing 

I this so a to lower student fees 
for the facili ty is imperati ve. I 
will ensure that students' needs 
are met in regards to the 
programming of KSDT. A 
lic n for the radio station is 
imminent. Finally, a new joint 
committee from SAAC/ AS 
must be organized to creatively 
implement the Five Year Plan 
on Affirmative Action and the 
Student Outreach and Reten-
tion Programs. 

I I' m confid ent that, with your 
I vote, these and other changes 
I will rapid ly occur on our 

campu ,and willla t for 

I 
generations of students to 
come. 

I 

\JICE r RES DENT 
EXT ERN A L 

I Randolph SIWABESSY I by bypassing and breaking el 
Hello! My name is Randolph election codes and procedures, 

Siwab ssy and I am a candidate 
for the Vice President of 
External Affairs office. I am 
running for this office because 
there are quite a few problems 
that we, the students, are facing 
and I want to deal with them 
first hand. 

One big problem I see is the 
increase in Campus Based Fees 
that each campus in the UC 
system charges the students to 
supposedly fund extracurricu-
lar activities and facilities. In 
1990, Campus Based Fees 
averaged $196. [strongly feel 
that this is too much for the 
students to handle. In addition 
to this, we will be affected by 
the 4D% fee increase next year. 
Obviously, the UC Regents see 
us as unlimited source of funds. 
THIS MUST BE STOPPED!!! 

To remedy the problem, I 
will work closely with the state 
legislators to help pass bills that 
would help us. This will not be 
enough, so I will also try to 
increase the student involve-

I ment because YOUR OPINION 
is important. If I am elected, I 
will be here to help you get 
what you want. 

I offer you TIME AND 
COMMITMENT. I feel that this 
office is extremely important 
and I will give it my undivided 
attention. After all, the purpose 
of this office is to serve you -
and r am ready and Willing to 
do so. 

Siamak MALEK 
My name is Siamak Malek 

yet we have no control over 
those facilities. And to top it 
off, now the Regents want to 

I 
raise our fees 4D%! As if we're 
all sitting on gold!! Well, I'm. 
not about to take anymore 
crap!! I will fight for our rights: 
control over student fee funded 
facilities, control of our radio 
sta tion, no more RIMAe's, no 
more disappearing TG's, no 
more Pub closings, no outra-
geous fee increases, NO MORE 
SHIT! FIGHT BACK, VOTE 
FOR SIAMAK!! 

VICE PRES:DENT 
FINA~CE 

r----------L----------...L------------I (pronounced See-mak). I am 
currently a college Senator at 

Joseph A. CASSAR 
VICE PRESIDENT 
A DMINISTRATIVE 

Mike HOLMES 
If the AS Council is to ucc ed in pursuing stud ent interests, 

PRO-ACTIVE problem solving, rather that reactive responses, must 
b employed . I have proven my dedication to the PRO-ACTIVE 
appr ach during my la t two yea r in the AS. In order to solve 
man internal problems within the Council, I have taken such steps 
as re~tructuril\g AS committees, creating an effective Med ia 
Committe, and c tablishing the firs! permanent Sh.ldent Advocate 
staff. This year' SLudent Advocate staff has solved the largest 
number of student cases in th history of the office. 

It is true tha t the Vice President Administrative (VPA) must be 
unbiased during Counci l meeting for the Council to run fair and 
effectively. However, outside of Council meetings, an unbiased 
VPA will do nothing but harm for students. The Vice President 

must be bia . ed toward student interests and demand attention of student issues. During this 
past. year thiS h~s ~ot been done. We need real leadership through this position that is not 
afraid of pursulllg Important tudent interests on our campus. 

Vote for a PRO-ACTIVE choice! 
Vote for Mike Holmes to deal efficiently with AS Council and effectively with issues concern-

ing tudent life on our campu . 

Muir, and a member of several 
student organizations. I have 
worked on External, very 
closely with Molly McKay, 
since the beginning of the 
school year. My official title 
was "Liaison to Student 
Organizations," but 1 have been 
involved with all aspects of 
External Affairs. I joined 
External because I feel that my 
rights as a h.ldent are very 
limited . The administration is 
repressive. They can stop our 
activities at any time, and they 
don't seem to hesitate to do so. 
Our student service organiza-
tions, like the Co-Ops, are 
constantly hindered by the 
administration. They make us 
pay for facilities like RIMAC, 

Through my position with 
SOFB (Student Organizations 
Finance Board), as the Muir 
Representative to CPB (Cul-
tural Programming Board), and 
my positions as the Catholic 
Student Community Finance 
Coordinator and University 
Relations Coordinator, I believe 
that I possess the necessary 
skills and experience to sit on 
the many boards w hich are 
a ttended or chaired by the Vice 
President Finance. The VP 
Finance is re ponsible for 
making budgetary recommen-
dations and overseeing all 
funding requests. I will strive 
to ensure that the $13.50 
quarterly student activity fee is 
managed prudently. Having 
been on "both sides of the 
table," I have valuable insight 
that [ can use to make the 
funding process as smooth as 

CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 

Monday, AprilS, 1991 

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 10 

pas ible. know what it takes 
to formulate a budget, while 
also knowing the realities of 
limited funding. [will also 
fundraise to generate addi-
tional income to supplement 
AS investments and will help 
student orgs to fundraise to 
empower them with other 
avenues to receiving funding. 

In addition to the specific 
duties of the VP Finance, I have 
other goals that financially 
affect the student body. 
Having lobbied in Sacramento 
this past March, I have solu-
tions to avoid a 40% reg fee 
increase that I will push. 
Another project that I wiH work 
on concerns the use of parking 
revenues for road improve-
ments. Fees should go towards 
building long-term parking 
spaces (i.e., structures as 
opposed to lots that are 
constantly being built over). 

On April 9 - 11, please vote to 
make these plans a reality and 
to ensure experienced and 
knowledgeable leadership in 
the office of VP Finance. 

COl,', M I :) S ION E R 0 F 
A CAD t '.~ I C A" r A IRS 

Monlque M. BUGARIN 
"LEADERSHIP is more than 

talk, it's taking a stand and 
adhering to a set of values. It's 
not the promises you make but 
the promises you keep that 
matter ... " - Dena Holman 
(Community Leader). As your 
Academic Affairs Commis-
sioner, I will hold true to this 
statement. My name is 
MONIQUE BUGARIN, and I 
am here to serve you and make 
every attempt in finding 
resolutions to any of your 
academic grievances. 

In doing so, I will: 
• Act upon the interests of all 
undergraduate students of 
UCSD by taking periodic polls 
and surveys of your concerns; 
making your voice heard . 
• Continue to increase com-
munication between- the 
administration and students. 
,. Increase student awareness 
of relevant academic issues 
through 
campus media; this includes 
present standing and changes 
that are made in Academic 
Policy. 
,. Strengthen the Academic 
Affairs Board to create greater 
student input and participa-
tion regarding all academic 
issues. 
In addition to seeking new 

issues, I would like to address 
the removal of the "W" grade. 
Do we really need it? Also, I 
would like to follow-up with 
the "Dead Week" proposal, 

The UCSD Gutlrd;an/A.S. ELEOIONS ADVERTISING SEOION 11 

made by our current Academic 
Affairs Commissioner, Annette 
Mosley, which will give 
students an extra week of study 
before finals. 

REVELLE COLLEGE 
SOPHOMORE SENATOR 

I 

I have experience in AS and 
in other campus organizations, 
and I am confident I can fulfill 
this position both efficiently 
and effectively. [know what it 
takes to be a motivated leader 

C 0 ,'o\ MIS S ION E R 
OF ,_UMMUNICATIONS 

Sharon OH 
Hi! My name is Sharon Oh and [ 

am running for AS Commissioner of 
Communications. Being a Commwli-
cations major, I am aware that 
language through the media is a vital 
source in society. With proper 
funding of the various newspapers 
on campus, it is my duty to supply a 
better knowledge of the environment 
and cultures of various ethnic groups. 
Also, being aware of not only the 
inside issues at UCSD, but the 

outside issues in the world, as well, students will be provided 
this knowledge to enhance their abilities to succeed in society 
today. My past experience includes the leadership positions of 
ASB Secretary, Student Council member, and Youth Senator of 
California. Currently, I am now involved as Representative to 
the Fifth College Resident Advisory Committee and Church 
Chairman for the Funding of Orphanage Trips. I believe that 
my words alone do not suffice the many needs of the student 
body, but time-commitment and effective actions that will 
greatly improve the UCSD campus. Give me a chance to make 
a difference!! 

REVELLE COLLEGE 
JuNIOK SENATOR 

Toni CACCIATORE Eric UU 
The Senator positions are 

vital- they are your direct link 
to your student government. 
As Revelle Junior Senator, I will 
be your voice on issues that 
affect YOU, but I plan to take 
this one step further. Because I 
speak for you, I want to know 
your thoughts, opinions, and 
concerns on each issue so I can 
best present Revelle's point of 
view. 

I have been very active in our 
college'S own government on 
several levels - serving as a 
member of both policy and 
programming boards and being 
highly involved with commuter 
affairs. I am presently chair of 
Revelle College Council. 

The bottom line is this - [ am 
a Revelle student, and] am 
prepared to stand up for what 
is best for us. 

In the center, there is rage. 
This is the eye of the fury . A 
firestorm. A spiralling tower of 
flame. At the apex, a great 
plume that paints the sky black. 
A vast expanse of darkness in 
which all is lost. Smiling faces 
raised to the sky. Hollow eyes. 
Souls lost in the bottomless 
depth. Screaming minds. 
Open fear. Fear of joining. 
Fear of the One. Losing 
cognition of ignorance. The 
knowledge is fierce. Eric Liu. 
Stretching the mind . Revelle 
Junior Senator. Peeling out of 
the shell. Pain upon pain upon 
pain upon burning pain. 
Hurled out of the sky. A streak 
of blackness on a black canvas. 
Discarded. Depleted . Dead. 
Waiting. Pondering. Hating. 
Hate upon hate upon hate 
upon unforgiVing, blood-
lusting hate. Fury. Rage. A 
flame is born. 

Karen YANG 
Hello, fellow students! [would like to announce that I 

have filed candidacy for Revelle College Sophomore 
Senator. I feel that I should tell you a little bit about my elf 
and my reasons for being a candidate. 

To begin with, I am originally from St. Lo uis, Mis ouri. I 
have yet to declare a major. I am an active member of the 
Alpha Omicr n Pi Sorority. I hope to become more 
involved in campus activities and I am willing to become a 
contributing individual to the University. 

I would Like to become Revell Sophomore Senator 
b cause I care about th student body. Some of my c n-
c rns for the student body include the following: the result 
of the UC budget crunch, the on-campus housing si tuati n, 
the efforts for recycling, and student participation in 
campus activities. I would like to work with fellow stu-
dents and the administration to address these issues. [am 
willing to listen to other students express thei r views and 
am willing to give them due respect and full considera tion. 
I understand that I shall be accountabl to the student b dy 
should I become a Senat r. 

Finally, I look forward to the elections and encourilge all 
students to vote. 

M UIR COLLEG E 
SOPHOMORE SE NA TO R 

Cindy RAMIREZ 
I am running for Muir 

Sophomore Senator to advocate 
sa fety, accessibility, and unity 
for Muir students today and 
tomorrow. My goals include: 
more lighting and greater CSO 
usage to increase safety; 
quarterly forums and Senator 
office hours at Muir to provide 
accessibility to my constituents. 
These goals will help to achieve 
unity among Muir students. 

I also currently hold leader-
ship positions on three councils 
which include Muir Residence 
Council (Community Service 
Co-Chair), Muir Cultural 
Society (Historian), and Muir 
College Council (liaison for 
Muir Cultural Society). These 
positions plus my volunteer 
experience give me a broad 
background in working with 
Muir students. I believe this 
experience will enable me to be 
an effective Senator. Remem-
ber: VOTE CINDY FOR 
SENATOR! 

Mike POWERS 
As Sophomore Senato r of 

John Muir ollege, I would use 
my position to seek posi tive 
changes. Firs t and foremost, I 
would like to form a committee 
to investiga te what has become 
of the lottery money that was 
supposed to benefit public 
higher education in California, 
such as the U.c. system. As 
you well know, th U.c. system 
was recently forced to ra ise fees 
a whopping 40%. Couldn' t we 
use that lottery money now to 
eliminate - or at least reduce-
this fee hike? This committee 
would find ways to allocate 
more money to the U.c. 
system, for it is imperative that 
public higher education be 
accessible to everyone - not just 
those who are lucky enough to 
afford it. 

I would also like to see two 
other significant chilnges made. 
First, J would propose to 
eliminate the "W", because a 
student shouldn't be punished 
for withdrawing from a class. 
Second, I would like to see an 
extension of the Pass/No Pass 
deadline to the end of the ixth 
week. 

If MIKE POWERS is voted in 
as Sophomore Senator of John 
Muir College, he will do 
everything in his POWER to 
make change for the better. 

CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 



12 The VCSD Guardia,,/A.S. ElEOIONS ADVERTISING SEOION 

THIRD COL.EG: 
SENIOR SENATOR 

within my own college. 

Victoria BunERFIELD 
My name is Victoria 

Butterfield. I am running for 
AS Third College Senior 
Senator. I chos to run for 
an AS office because I 
wanted to get involved in 
my school and the shaping 
of its future. I chose the 
office of Third College 
Senior Senator because I am 
especially interested in 
making positive changes 

[ feel [ could best fill this position due to my high 
s tandard of achieving my goals. One such achievem nt 
was becoming a UCSD tudent, which is very important 
to me. Being an AS participant would further enhance 
this important experi nc . I would be very appreciativ if 
r were given the opportunity to be Third College Senior 
Senator. I would fulfill the position with the utmost 
r ponsibility and dedi ation. 

THIRD COLLEGE 
SOPHOMORE SENATOR 

Gaye JOHNSON 
Having such an ethnically 

diverse population at Third 
College provides an e cellent 
potential for amalgamating 
ideas into a strong voice for 
progress. As Third College 
Sophomore Senator, lint nd to 
focus on this potential, promot-
ing an environment which 
encourages participation from 
all students. Being bilingual, I 
feel this will help me to accom-
plish this goal. 

My experience in leadership 
arenas has been extensive: in 
high school, I was AS Vice 
President, President of the 
Student Senate, President of the 
Cross-Cultural Club, Vice 
President of Math Engineering 
Science Achievement, and a 
writer for the school newspa-
per. I have been a panel 
member on numerous forums 
concerning human rights, and I 
have had extensive exposure to 
many diverse groups. 

At UCSD, my involvement 
has been in the areas of AS, 
tutorials, and clubs. I am now 
the Third College Representa-
tive on an AS committee 
(Undergraduate Affairs 
National Issues Forum), a 
member of the Third College 
Leadership Board, a Monitor 
for the Methods of Inquiry 
class, and a member of the 
AASU. 

I am not afraid to speak out 
on issues that are unfair to 
students, and if elected Sopho-
more Senator, I will fairly 

represent my class at Third 
College, and trive to make our 
voice heard. 

Usa M. HERNANDEZ 
Hi. I'd like to introduce 

myself to those of you who do 
not know me. My name is Lisa 
Hernandez and I'm running for 
the position of Sophomore 
Senator at Third College. 

I feel that I am qualified for 
the position and more impor-
tantly, I am enthusiastic about 
it. I applied for the position of 
Freshman Senator, but I did not 
receive it. Getting involved 
here at UCSD and Third was 
important to me, so I didn't let 
that stop me. I received an 
appointment as Third College 
Repre entative for SHAC 
(Student Health Advisory 
Committee) and I am involved 
with MEChA as well. 

I am interested in your ideas 
and opinions so I will be doing 
my best to get to know you. If 
you see me around and you 
feel you have something to say 
about UCSD government or 
Third College, please come up 
to me, I'd like to meet you. 

Elections are soon and I hope 
you will keep me in mind. But, 
if you don' t vote for me, please 
just vote. It's our responSibility 
as students and, your vote does 
count. 

Thanks for your time if 
you've read this far and I wish 
my fellow Sophomore Senator 
candidate good luck as well as 
to all the rest of those running. 

f f -"' : , .. t \) : 
SOP f1 0 M 0 K E J E ' , A TOR 

Hilary STOCKTON 
As a candidate for Fifth 

Sophomore Senator, I believe I 
I have the leadership, teamwork, 

commitment, and organiza-
tional qualities vital for the 
position. As co-editor of my 
high school literary magazine, I 
know the importance of 
delegating responsibility and 
motivating others to work 
together toward a goal. Here at 
UCSD, as a performer in the 
Wind Ensemble, an associate 
member of the Ballroom Dance 
Team, and an alternate for the 
Fifth Judicial Board, I find 
teamwork and commitment 
invaluable - no one person can 
accomplish the group goal, but 
neither can this goal be attained 
without the commitment of 
each of its members. Finally, 
my organizational skills and 
prioritization has helped me 
balance academic, extra-
curricular and personal 
commitments, and would serve 
me well as a Senator. 

Some of my goals for next 
yea r include: 1) more Apart-
ment and Residence Hall 
interaction, such as a Big 
Brother, Big Sister program or 
matching Apartment buildings 
with Residence Halls in 
intramural-type games and 
special social events; 2) a book 
buyback or exchange for MMW 
books; and 3) more publicity 
for international events around 
campus (International Club 
happenings, language tables, 
concerts, lectures, dinners, and 
films) and in San Diego (with 
carpooling organized). My 
main goal, however, is to be a 
"mouthpiece" for Fifth College 
Sophomores: my job is to listen 
to you, and to make sure that 
your ideas and concerns are 
heard. 

JuU.CHUNG 
Hello to all UCSD students 

and to all those who are 
attempting to be "students" 
during Spring Quarter. Many 
of you may be pondering over 
who to vote for for Fifth 
Sophomore Senator and the 
answer lies with Julie Chung. I 
must admit though that I 
haven't worked at the United 
Nations nor won a Nobel Peace 
Prize for uniting the world, but 
I do have the energy and 
dedication to serve as your 
Senator. 

Fifth College, being the 
smallest college at UCSD, needs 
representatives who can make 
sure Fifth has a voice in the 
student council. I think many 
of us have faced the question of 
students asking, "Fifth College? 
We have another college? Is it 
the cabins behind the mainte-
nance buildings?" Fifth 
College deserves more credit 
and I'm willing to work hard to 
take on responsibilities that will 
help us to be involved with the 
entire University. 

To all of you !Kung and 
Yanomamo lovers - make sure 
to exercise your right to vote 
and keep in mind that the X 
goes next to Julie Chung for 
Fifth Sophomore Senator. 

Matthew SCHNURER 
Candidate for 
Commissioner of 
Programming 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

Marc HIRSCH 
Candidate for 
Muir Junior Senator 

David LEO 
Candidate for 
Muir Sophomore Senator 

Jennifer MORROW 
Candidate for 
Third Senior Senator 

Mark ROTENBERG 
Candidate for 
Warren Senior Senator 

Paul WILCOX 
Candidate for 
Fifth Senior Senator 

Monday, AprilS, 1991 

OROZCO 
Continued from page 1 
know about it, since we're going to 
be touring the campu and showing 
people around. That also helped out 
a 101 with my peaking kill and 
being a little organized with what 
I'm going to say, and being able to 
express myself better in front of a 
group. 

G: What do you ee as the major 
problems on campus, and how do 
you feel the A.S. can deal with these 
problems? 

AO: This year we saw the 40 
percent increase in fees, and that 
affects not only our campus but the 
whole y tern. Coming into coun-
cil, I'm not sure how much i going 
to be able to be done for next year. r 
really don't foresee any big change 
happening, and ASUCSD's going 
to stop the 40 percent increase from 
happening for next year. But for the 
foliowingyear,I think that we really 
have to push to keep ourfees from ... 
going upeven more. Because if they 
went up 40 percent this year, how 
much are they going to go up next 
year?Imean, it's going tobegening 
pretty crazy. So I think that's going 
to be one of the major problems that 
we're really going to push for. 

Things like parking are going to 
SffiIt becoming a really big deal , too. 
We have a new administration 
building that they're going to build, 
the Warren parking lot is going, 
things like that. We'regoingtohave 
to get some realJy trong people on 
these comminees to make sure that 
our student voice is represented. 

Safety, of course - when you 
have new parking lots and things 
coming on campus, safety's always 
going to be a big issue, too. It's 
always a big issue ... . This year a lot 
of things in council went well - I 
would have liked to see a little more 
things dealing with safety - the -
numbers seem to be relatively low, 
but let's keep them that way. 

G: What do you see as the re-
sponsibil ities of the A.S. president, 
and what would you bring to tbat 
role, especially your top priority or 
priorities? 

AO: The role of the president is 
kind of the official voice of the 
students, forthe students on campus 
to the administration, basically. I 
think that A.S. president should be 
someone who works with the stu-
dents as welJ as working for them. I 
think the president should be some-
one that you could tell your prob-
lems to - whether your problem is 
financial aid, or whatever. The 
president hould be the person who 
tries to find some solutions for you. 
Ifthere'ssomething on campus that 
students feel strongly about. the A.S. 
president has to be the one that has 
to push for those things to get done. 
If it 's something that lhe adminis-
tration doesn ' t see as feasible, well, 
we're students and it 's the A.S. 
president's priority to meet the needs 
of the tudents, I believe. 

G: Your top priorities? 
AO: My top priority is to repre-

sent the needs of all the students. 
People tend to see other people as 
saying, 'Well, you're only going to 
meet cenain needs for certain stu-
dents,' but I think the A.S. president 
has to be someone who meets the 
needs of as many students as pos-
sible- all students on campus who 
have something that's wrong with 
them should be able to go talk to the 
president. I think the president 
should be the leader for alJ the stu-
dents on campus, not just certain 
groups. 

G: More specifically, whatwouId 
be your first actions if you were 

elected president? 
AO: The first action. I think, is 

the fee - I think we 're really go-
ing to have to stan getting going 
with that. Ihavea planthat I'vebeen 
thinking about - we go up to Sac-
ranlento once a year to lobby, I've 
lobbied twice with UCSA, and that ' 

" I think we're going to have 
a lot of new people on 
council, and it scares a 
lot of people, In a way, it 
kind of scares me, too ... 
but I think that if students 
are willing to be there .. , I 
think we can have a really 

good council. 

" AGUSTIN OROZCO 
presidential candidate 

some more experience that I have 
- I think it 's good to go up and 
lobby and talk to the legislators and 
let them know how we feel. More 
importantly, though, I think staying 
down here in San Diego as students, 
we should go and see our legislators 
twice, maybe three times a quarter, 
to let them know how we feel as 

The UCSD Guardian 

students. l think that ' going to be a 
real grJssroots effon there, to try 
and get them to ee how we feel 
about our fees, and how we feel 
about the budget, and how we feel 
about certain things and let them 
know that we can't stand for another 
increase in our fee . I think that ' 
one of the first priorities that I'm 
looking at if r get into office. 

G: The Pas /No P s grading 
option deadline change fr m sec-
ond week to founh week is set to 
take effect in September. What 
would you do if the CEP or the 
Academic Senate turned around and 
said, 'No. it's no longer going to go 
into effect. ' What would be your 
course of action again t that? 

AO: I think that John Edson did 
a really good job with that thi s year 
- that was one of the thing that 
really impressed mt' about hi presi-
dency. I think one of the first thing 
that I'm going to have to do if r get 
in i to look over everything Ulat 
happened, all that tran pired up to 
that certainpoinLlftheydecidethat 
they don't want to do it, then we're 
going to have to keep pushing, get 
the Academic Affair Commis-
sioner on his or her, excuse my 
language. buttock ... and get them 
to really start pushing for those 
people to pass it. It 's really impor-
tant- sometimes you find you don ' t 
want a class after ccond week, and 
it 's really hard. Those are things that 
are really going to affect your ca-

See OROZCO, Page 23 

Devonshire 

IN LA JOLLA'S GOLDEN TRIANGLE 
PRICES 

SLASHED! 
• Walk to University Towne Centre 
• Next to community park 
• Fireplaces, microwaves and many 

lUXUry features 
• Direct garage access 

2 &3 Bedroom 2/2V2 Bath 
Luxury condominiums 

from only $1 ~O 
\ \-;a. 

.. -_a. 
3% ~KfR NOW $159,500 

OPEN DAILY 10 A.M. 10 5 P.M. 

552-8066 

NEWS 13 

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 
GERMAN. SWEDISH Be JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 
(619) 275-1132 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m . 

: VISA" CD·· 
.' '~ . ~ 

" 'e UR •• 4 ree ....... n .. 
K .. n4.11 lu"rl~ant." 

c. uur ("us-Cu_en 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

'Except moto r and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon . 

Sei,servree Was NAVIRr 
..... ..... ....... '" ......... 

vNo Waiting 
., Autofeed 

~CollQtlng 
v Expert ADlstance 

••••••••••••••••••••• 

• UNtiMITED3 5~ I 
: COPIES·": 
I IIIIIh Ihls coupon • 8.5 X 11 2~ whIt. QUtoIHd I 

axp!r., 5131191 •.................. _. 

let Us Earn Our Stripes I 
4150 Aegents Park Row • 6191 457-1007 

La Jolla • Next ~o Ben & Je'try's 

TAKE A STEP IN A NEW DIRECTION 

New Zealand 
\. Sponsored by the EDUCATION ABROAD PROGRAM 

,: 
INFORMAnON ,.' 

SESSION 
on \cw Inl:uld. AUSlt:llL1, 
Sludy''''ork Opportun Itlel 

Ihundoy. A9<iIll 
2·3 p .... 

IrIIornaIiord c.m.r 
Confonn<.1oom 

• E:trn UC Credit 
• Fimncial Aid and 

cholarships available 
Choose from locations at: 

Cbrislcburcb 
Dunedin 
Auckland 
PalmerS/Oil Norlb 
Wellillgloll 

, 
, 

Call 534-1123 or visit tbe q>pOl1unltiesAbroad Office 
attbe IlItenuukmal Ce11ler for more InformatlOIl 

APPUCATION OEAI)UNE: MAY 6 



14 NEWS 

VARIN 
Continued from page 1 
titution. In deal ing with ome of 

the other i ue, I also have experi-
ence from the UCSA conference in 
Sacramento as one of the lobbyists 
for the fee referenda questions and 

enate Bill 1645 and the Murray 
Bill. And also I have experien e in 
managing from the Grove Caffe. 
I've worked there as one of the 
as i tant manager . 

G: What d you ce as the major 
problem on campus, and what do 
you think the A.S. can do to address 
those problem ? 

I'V: I see that there are five 
majo r i ue on campus that I feel 
are peninent and need to be dealt 
wi th immediately. Those would be 
first and fo remost, the fee , dealing 
with the 40 percent increase. Sec-
ondly, the RIMA faci li ty. Thi rd, 

hou~ing, both on and off ampu . 
Founh, KSDT, in regards t pro-
gmmming and control of the r.tdi 
'tatl n. Fi fth. an ther major issue is 
affinnative action, Taki ng the fi rst 
one. fees. ~ystemwide and ... cam-
pus c M~. y temwide it is really 
important to work thro ugh the 
UC to lobby the ~ta t e : ~em­
bly .... I will wo rk toensure that the 
future i ncrea~e~,cspecia lly in ~tab le 
years, remain al I wo 10 Ih ree per-
cent , a\ , Iipulah.:d in enate Bill 
1645. That wa~ p:L"ed by Ihe Icgl ~ 
lature, ~o the rcgen" arc b:hlcally III 
violat ion of the law by inslitUl mg 
Ihe 40 percent. In u nstable yea~ we 
can accept a 10 pel ' ent increase -
thi, ~O percent is obviou\ ly ridiclI-

lou~. Abo. I \~iJ) prc~\ for an In-
erea'c in financial aid in dealing 
wilh the fcc\. 

In rcgurd\ tocampu~-ba,cdco\ls. 
the fiN and foremo,lthing I would 
Ii!...c to pu,h fo r is the par!... ing. The 
admIl11,U-.11I n necd~ to be held to 
the commitment voted 0 11 by the 
" udent, m the 1990 election - the 
, tudent referenda - in regards to 
the use of our monies for road im-
provements. Funher, we need to 
rewrite the Master Plan for park-
ing ... I'm advocating, ra ther than 
the underground parking structure " 
which are vel)' expensive, two or 
three large above-ground parking 
stru tures .... that can be placed in 
the pit, one over on the other s ideof 
the freeway, and perhaps one over 
at Third. That will be able to trian-
gulate our parking. and if we in-

c reaseour shunlebu services, we 'll 
be able to take care of a lot of the 
parkingproblemson campu ,while 
lo wering the cost to the tudent in 
paying for tho se facilities. 

G: How are you going to get one 
at Third if they 're planning to build 
colleges out there? 

PV: The way Third College i , 
w here the pa rking lo t is by 
Oceanview... ixth o llege is go-
ing on beyond that, around Torrey 
Pines. We m ight be able 10 squeeze 
o ne in there . That '~ why th i is im-
mediately - we have to get the 
Master PI ,m rewri tten before they 
s tart construc tion, and incorpomte 
that into th Master Plan for the 
e ntire universi ty. 

G: How d o you want to work to 
change the M~ter Plan? H w is the 

.S. goi ng to get enough voting 
power 10 eh~mge the Ma ' ter Plnn? 

PV: That's what we nced to work 
o ut. We need to it down with the 
parking repre entati ves , Warre n 

o llege Se n ior Sena to r Mark 
[Rotenberg]. the parking reps that 
we have there ... right now. one of 
the thing we're doing is writing 
lc lten.to hancellor tkinl.ontotell 
h im that the e are the is ues we' re 
running on ~ r campa ign strategy, 
!>o that if we are elected, we will be 
able to come to him and he will have 
pnor know ledge that we are goi ng 
to deal with the parking il> lie. 

The second b,ue I'd like to deal 
wi th I RIMA . The architectural 

p lan~ are fina lized for RI MA ,and 
n w we are a ble to go through \\ ith 
the corporate spon,on.hip that we've 
been okayed to get. Ifwcca nget thi 
d ne as quickly as po~'lble, stan 
fi ndll1gcorporate ~pon\orship fo r it , 
we can lower COSts before they are 
implemented. 

Thirdly. hOllsing . I' ve been 
working very clo. ely \ ith John 
Ed on on de eloping a long-term 
hou ing plan for both ff and on 
campus. It ' omcthing he's been 
leaning toward , and something that 
I'm going 10 c:my through if I'm 
e lected. Orf campus, we ' re going to 
target areas around the ommunity 
tobui ldastudent c mm unity ... and 
a l 0 provide shuttle bu ing from 
those place to here. 

Also, the big issue I'm going to 
deal with i to stop off-campus 
housing discrimination, points like 
requiring six months rent for stu-
dents in advance, even renting to 
tudents at aiL .. not allowing co-

T he UCSD Guardian 

sigHers on loans and applications 
because not many tudent have 
enough c redit to be able to rent out 
a hou e by themselve . Working 
with the VP external and Student 
Legal Se rv ices, we ' ll be able to de-
velop a plan, go to the city coun-
cil. .. to top the e kinds of prob-
lem . 

On c ampu , I' ve come up with 
some al temativehousingmode ls -
again, we can have privately con-
tracted dorms on c ampu , and 
therefore lower the co I. Another 
idea that I' ve come up with i pc-
cial-intere t group housing on cam-
pu" whe ther it be a SAAC organi-

" Since there are no slates 
this year. .. it will be 
necessary to build a 
community effort 

amongst the executives 
- and by doing that, I 
hope to introduce my 
campaign platform .. . 

" PAUL VARIN 
presidential candidate 

zation li ke ME hA, a fraterni ty . .. 
once a year, we' ll have a lonery in 
which a group of'tudents who could 
fi ll a f1 r of a dorm will be pIa ed 
into thi 10Ilery ... they' ll be able to 
move into that whole floor of the 
dorm, have their meeting room et 
up in ~lde of there. I 0, if the e 
individual are over the age of 21. 
[Vice C hancellor for Undergradu-
ate Affa ir - Joseph] Wat on ha al-
ready approved more lenient alco-
hol polic ie . Of course. there won ' t 
be any major keg panies or any-
thi ng, but alcohol part ies will be 
more lenient. 

G: What i the purpose of that? 
PV: Providing [udent organiza-

tions on campus to live together. If 
all RlSC people wanted to live to-
gether o n a floor, they could there-
fore have more lax alcohol policies, 
build a sense of community .. . aI 0, 
cultural hou es will be developed. [f 
APSA would like to rent out an 
entire floor and have an APSA floor 
ofadonn, they wi ll all be able to live 
there, close to each other, to build 
student communities within our 

dorms. 
111e fourth majori ueI'd like to 

deal with is KSDT and the program-
ming o f il. We are on the verge of 
gelling licensing for KSDT in which 
we wilJ be able to broadcast off-
campus. We need to wolk with [Ex-
ten ion Vice Chancellor] Mary 
Walshok in making sure that the 
programming aspect ofKSDT will 
remain in student control or student 
hands, in which we' ll be able to play 
mu ic instead of some of the other 
research-oriented programs that 
extens ion is looking for. We need to 
formu late a broadca t ervic ing 
board, and a subcommillee of that 
board will be re ponsible for the 
programming of KSDT, another 
ubcommiltee will be re ponsible 

fo rafuturetelevi ion tation ... we' ll 
be able to work with extension on 
this. The compromise is to have this 
board withextens ion ,and hopefully 
if we come up with this and get it 
down in a plan , we can pu h it 
throug h thevice-<:hancellor' s office, 
he' ll approve it, and KS DT will 

remain in the format that it i . 
G: Do you foresee ... KSDT 

hav ing a problem with that, because 
if it i my opinion that if you et an 
A.S. board to control programming 
of tha t radio station, the people that 
are actually working on that radio 
statio n will have huge problems with 
thaI. 

PV: If anything, the people that 
would s iton the progran1ming board 
are the people tha t are hired by the 
A.S. to run the programming on 
KSDT. So maybe we can incorpo-
rate the responsibilities ofthe man-
ugers and as istant managers o f 
KSDT to also be respon ible and sit 
on the board. It wouldn 't be an A.S. 
thing , we wouldn ' t appoint some 
arbirrary student to control that -
we would appoint them from with in 
KSDT_ 

G: You think the vice chancellor 
will agree to that? 

PV: 1 think it w ill go through. 
John h as spoken at some length with 
Vice Chancellor Walshokon that. . . 
it's a compromise so there won't be 
heated student debate, and there 
won ' t be administration debate, and 
hopefully it will work out well. It's 
just a compromise type' of thing. 

The fi fth and last point I'd like to 
bring up is affirma tive action, and 
my plans for that .. . . The first com-
mittee I'm going to appoint, or at 
least o ur half of it, is the joint SAAC 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

[ tudent Aflinnative Action Com-
miltee]/A.S. committee that was 
developed last year by John to cre-
atively implement the five-yearplan 
on Affinnati ve Action. I'd like to 
get that up and running by ummer, 
o that over the ummer they can 

wolk on continuing on in the pro-
grams that they have. I think that 
this committee last ye.ar was vel)' 
important, and had a lot of ideas 
coming out of thaI. Also, the Di -
abled Student Services five-year 
plan , that can be implemented too, 
and perhap we can get another 
committee to get that going over"the 

ummer a well . 
In regards to reten tion, because 

of the budget cuts , the SOAR [Stu-
dent Outreach & Recruitment] pro-
gram will not be allowed to grow 
this next year. Through the UCSA 
[UC Student A ociation) , we need 
to lobby the tate for more money 
for our tudent outreach and reten-
tion programs. I would also really 
like to consult with the SAAC 
council in its appointment proce-
dures for the SAAC representative. 
I would like to include the SAAC 
re presentative on the exec utive 
committee in [hi upcoming year. 
Edson started a program of ex-
changing minutes between all the 
SAAC organization and the A.S. 
I'd like to take that one tep further, 
and make it a two-way street in 
which the SAAC representative will 
actually become a SAAC liaison 
back and fonh between the two 
council. I think by clarifying our 
means of communication, we will 
be able to better serve the intere ts 
o f the SAAC organizations on A.S. 
and to deal with problems more 
directl y. 

G: I'm just curious as to your 
main reasoning behind getting that 
SAAC person as a member of the 
executive committee, and would you 
allow a member from another stu-
dent organization to sit on the ex-
ecut ive committee? 

PV: The SAAC organizations 
represent the largest of the student 
organizations on campu , if you en-
compass al l the SAAC members. 
And I feel that it's important to get 
thei r views expressed right to the 
executive committee, to the execu-
tive officers of council. I feel that it 
is important, if not a pennanent 
member of the executive commit-
tee, then at least brought in with 

See VARIN, Page 21 

~U'" ._~_/~ ___ .. _~ 
C711.JjJllfrl ·,lIfrt::ll ., III '!:/ 

"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 
Our Spring Quarter Schedule ... 

Biology 131 
Chem6A 
Chem6B 
Chem6C 
Cheml40B 
Cheml40C 
MathlF 
PhysicslC 
Physics lC 

Wed 8:30-10:3Opm and Sun 5-7pm 
Mon 8:30-10:3Opm and Thurs 6-8pm 
Sun 5-7pm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Sun 7-9pm and Wed 4-6pm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 8-1Opm 
Sun 7-9pm and Tues 8-1Opm 
Mon 6-8pm and Tues 6-8pm 
Mon 4-6pm and Tues 4-6pm 
Mon 8-1Opmand Tues8-lOpm 

All instruction begins on or after Monday, Aprillst 
Locatio,.; We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center, Right behind the Elephant Bar 
and EI Torito restaurants, just across from campusl 
Registrlltio1l; Register by phone or in person. Only 24 spaces 
available in each session. Any UCSD student may attend a 
frre fint Rulon to evaluate our program, and your satisfac-
tion Is guarantrrd. Gasses wait-list, so enroll soon' 
fees: Course fees are SI50 per class, Qualified financial aid 
stude nts may enroll for $125 per class. Hasta' 
QflestiOIll? Call us lOam-Midnight, at - - - 455-1000 

T he UCSD G uardian FEATURES 15 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
16 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 8, 1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 17 

If It Only Had an Original Heart. •• 
+Cliches burden Robert Townsend's latest film, "The Five Heartbeats" 
By Melito Marcelo 
Staff Writer 

In conlcmporary lang, when 
a per~on groans Ihal " Ihey"ve 
killed IhJI ong," Ihey 're u~u­
ally referring (0 a Top 40 hil 
that' s been overplayed on the 
radio or MT . 

In mov iegoing eir Ie. , one 
word word has Ihe same im-
pli ca lion in lerm ~ of plot, 
e lling. or characlcrs: c1ich~. 

\ hen viewing "The Five 

Heartbeat ," thai problem crop 
up many limes. 

Direcled by Robert T wn end 
("Hollywood hufne"), 'The Five 
Heartbeat " can be extremely 
funny and cnlenaining - when 
cliches aren ' t hogging up the 

~c reen . 
Covering thro!c decade~ of mu-

sic. "The Five Ileartbeats" tell 
Ihe tory of five buddic~ working 
toward Ihe shared dream of hilling 
it big in Ihe mU~1 cene. 

The movie i burdened with 
cliche that have been covered in 
counlle S olher movie and TV 
. how . If all film c1ich had died 
and gone to heaven. Ihcn "The 
Five Heartbeats" can be viewed as 
a cliche paradi e. 

En h Heartbeat i imbued with 
characteristics that are laple in 
run-of-the-mill movies. The ing-
ing group has a womanizer (Leon 
from Madonna' "Like a Prayer" 
vide ), a di eiplined family man 

(from I to r) Robert Townsend, Leon, Harry J. Limnix, Tico Wells, and Michael Wright. 

1991 U(SD UNDERWATER FILM FESTIVAL 
Views of the Pacific Coast 

Presented at Sumner Auditorium of Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography 

Saturday, April 13 
3:00,7 :008. 9:00 p.m. 

(Harry J. Lennix) , a eriou 
ongwriter (Robert Town end), a 

mini ter's on (Tico Wells) and a 
drug-abu ing lead singer(Michael 
Wright). 

The problems faced by each 
member follows a cookie-cutter 
mold that hold no surpri e for 
moviegoer. 

nthony "Choirboy" Stone,the 
mini ter ' on, face Ihedilemmas 
of art VS. commerce and spiril vs. 
fie h. The drug-abusing Heartbeat, 
Eddie KingJr., follow the age-old 
path of excess faced by people in 
the pOllighl. 

Following the usual casting 
practices of tin eltown, the seri-
ous, creative ongwriter, Donald 
" Duck" Matthews, is the least 
phy ically attractive member of 
the group. 

As for the problems faced by 
th womanizer and the family man, 
any viewer past the age of fi ve can 
figureout what their storylines will 
be about. 

The movie has all the trappings 
ofa rock 'n' roll flick. There's the 
inevitable "buy a big hou e for 
your parents" scene, Many of the 
later scenes of the movie are set in 
hotel rooms and award banquets. 

The musical and visual mon-
tage of magazine covers and spoils 
of fame at the group's height is 
remini cent of movie like 
"Ghostbusters" or even "The 
Door ." 

When the movie sets aside the 
cliches and deals with the unsaid 
problems faced by non-white art-
ists, "The Five Heartbeats" really 
hines and dumps its tired outlook. 

During a scene in which the group 
i being interviewed for a record 
contract, the pro pec~ive record 
company owner reveals his plans 
to have white ingers perform the 
Heartbeat's ong in tead of the 
black members. 

At another point of the film, 
the subject of crossover in main-
tream music is brought up. When 

one Heartbeat exclaim that "only 
niggers have to cro s over," an 
eerie coldnes settles over the 
cene, and fora moment, the movie 

reveals a hidden facet of American 
culture. But before you can count 
to five, the movie return to its 
predictable plot. 

But in light of all of the cliches 

and worn-out drama, "The Five 
Heartbeats" is exhuberanr and 
extremely funny when it dumps 
the convention of rock 'n' roll 
drama. Scripted by Townsend and 
Keenan Ivory Wayan ("In Liv-
ing Color"), the movie often in-
pires laughter. 

Not to ound raei t, I found 
certain members of the audience 
ilent in highly comical situa-

tions. 
The movie may have sold out 

it story to Hollywood conven-
tions , but the humor isn't com-
promised to follow white, main-
tream expectation. 

The concert scenes are hard to 
forget and project a " you are 
there" atmosphere. Townsend 
doesn't make his concert audi-
ence anonymous in the film; he 
focuses on certain concert-goers, 
result ing in memorable comic re-
sults. 

Although written expressly for 
the film, the thirteen new songs 
sound as familiar and timeless as 
the music of the late sixties and 
early sevent ies. 

The film casts Harold Niche- ' 
las, of the legendary Nicho las 
Brothers, as the choreographer 
of the Heartbeats, Sarge John-
son. 

With his acclaimed back-
ground indance, Nicholas bridges 
the real history of African-
American dance and music with 
the make-believe world of the 
film. 

The film's astoni hing back-
drop of the sixties and the sev-
enties is a pleasure to follow. The 
sets and costumes trace thei r own 
storylines: progressing from 
mini-skirts, beehive hairstyles 
and • 50s diners to bell bottoms, 
afros, and disco furniture, The 
movie recreates the eighties with 
detai I 1 ike Ad idas sportswear and 
yuppie-style homes and outings. 

"The Five Heartbeats" is of-
ten entertaining and uplifting and 
I wouldn't mind a second view-
ing. 

But when the movie packs its 
tory and characters with cliches 

like a worn-out Top 40 hit, it's 
hard not to notice that the film, 
like countless other products of 
tinseltown, i playing the same 
old song, 

PSYCHOLOGY 1 
IS OFFERED 
SPRING QUARTER 
1991. Course code: 120616, AOO 

Time : TITH 2:30-3:50 
Loca/ion: WLH 2001 

Imslructor: A. Osman 
Go directly 10 Ihe registrar to enroll in Ihe class-

no slamp or signature necessary! 

'Guilty by Suspicion' - Guilty of Being Glamorized 
By Greg Waypa 
Staff WilIer 

A number of years ago, before 
most of us were even wening our 
diaper, . a red cloud fell across the 
magi al kingdom of Hollywood. 
It wa~ a ti me of accu ations and 
finger poi nting, when an attempt 
to find members of the Communisl 
Party Inlhe Hollywoodcommunity 
turned into a modem-day witch 
hum. 

In hi, new film, "Guilly By 
SuspiCion." writer/director Irwin 
Winkler takes a Hollywood look 
anhe aCII n of The House of Un-
Amencan Activities Committee 
and ho\\ It helped destroy some of 

Holly\~ood' finesl people. 
When ubpoenaed by the com-

mitt ee. ac t rs, directors and pro-
ducer~ were required to purge 
themselvc' in public. This was 
done by naming per ons whom 
they came into contact with at their 
"Party" meeting. 

Merrill, whoju tretumedfrom 
an over eas project in Paris 10 
a world where your former 
be tfriendisnowyourenemy. 

Merri II is a workaholic, and 
is nevermore happy than when 
he is behind the amera and 
looking at life through a len . 
He has a number of project 
lined up before him. 

But first , Merrill i a ked 
by Ihe motion picture com-
pany to appear before The 
Hou e Un-American Activi-
ties Committee to clear his 
name, so that he can get on 
with work. 

When Merrill refuse , be-
cau e he sees thi as a point -
less invasion of his privacy, 
he becomes a new member of 
the Hollywood blacklist. 

If they did not cooperate, they 
would suddenly find themselves 
on the Hollywood blacklist. Or, at 
the very worst, they'd find them-
selve in jail, like the ten people 
who had Ihe audacity to stand up 
(0 the comminee. 

The film then follows 
Merrilland omeofhisfriend , 
who are also on the blackli t, 
as they try to find work in a 
world w here rumor spread 
fast, and doors are quickly 
slammed shut. 

David Merrill (Robert DeNiro) and his wife Ruth (Annerte Bening) face reporters at the Committee hearings. 

In this fi lm, we follow the plight 
of Hollywood director David 

To this film, Winkler brings 
a lot of recognizable Holly-
wood faces, including Robert 
De Niro as David Merrill, 
George Wendt ("Cheers") as 
Bunny Baxter, his good friend 

anda Hollywood screen writer, 
and Patricia Wetlig of 
"thirtysomething" as Dorothy 
Nolan, an actress who i suf-
fering nervous breakdowns 
resulting from the accusations 
directed at her husband. Along 

with a pecial cameo appear-
ance by award-winning direc-
tor Martin Scor ese, the ca t 
tries to bring life to a lOry that 
lies a little flat. 

As mentioned earlier, this 
movie takes a Hollywood look 

Bunny Baxter (George Wendr) and Qavid Merrill (Robert DeNiro) in Warner Brothers' "Guilty by Suspicion. n 

THIRD 
COLLEGE 

Leadership 
Training 

Conference 
1991 

. n noW available InIOfm~~an's Qllice lor all A~ril 27 & 28 
at the ted students, amp Fox interes , 

Palomar Mountains 

al the witch hunt. That is , the 
character ' representing th' 
Hollywoodcommunityappear 
to have done nothing wrong. 
11 is theevil nature of the com-
millee that cau es all the prob-
lems for the characters . But, 
what Winkler fails 10 place 
into the characters is the fear 
that has come across this na-
tion as a rcsult of our entrance 
into the atomic age. 

Here is the reason for the 
witch hunts. This is where a 
101 oflhe meat of th is lory i . 
Not in the Holl ywood 
blacklisting~ and the idea that 
people in the movie industry 
have joined the Communist 
Party, but in Ihe idea that the 
Russians al 0 have nuclear 
capability and that they could 
take out an American c ilY 
without any problem. 

Though Winklerdoe~ givc 
mention to the Rosenburgs, 
the husband and wife team 
that was executed for selling 
nuclear ecrels to the Russians, 
I felt thar it was not enough. It 
could have broughl more en-
ergy to parts of the ~tory that 
were rather lifeless. 

This is rather unfortunate. 
because the film does end with 
a lot of tension as De Niro 
comes before The House Un-
AmericanActivitiesCommit-
tee. If only Winkler could ha ve 

introduced thisemoti 11 earlier 
in Ihe film, I'd say that this 
film would be worth your 
while , bUl as it stands. it's re-
ally not.The acting perfor-
mances are first rate , but then 
again. have yo u ever seen 
Robert De Niro give a perfor-
mance thut wasn't? 

George Wendt proves that 
hecan do somelhing other than 
sit on a bar stool ;IIlU put away 
the beers. but 1 till have thi s 
urge to yell out " Norm! " 
whenever he appear on Ihe 
screen. 

Expect to see a short re-
lease on thi s picture, then a 
quick appearance in Ihe video 
stores where it will get brief 
mention, just because Robert 
De Niro appears in it. If you 
are interested in seeing the 
effect that Ihe blacklisting had 
011 il s vic tim~,yo ll'd enjoy this 
film. I fnol,you're not missing 
much. 

R EMEMBER, WE HAVE 

A MEETI G TO IGHT 
AT 6 J>.M" I THE 
GUARDIAN OFFICES, 

BE THERE OR BE PHIL. 

Volunteers N eeded 
for Acne Study 

Division of D ermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves daily 
application of lotion to sk in and 

monthly visits for evaluation . 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested, call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847, 



18 FEATURES 

Includes: ShaqIoo 8I1d quality heift:ut. 
Blow Ii')' and styIirC $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg, $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stytlsts. To insure faster service, It's 
best to come on weekdB;s. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr • • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

find out about: 
new major requirements 

new courses & changes In courses 
honors seminar Be program 

graduate programs In psychology 
career opportunities 

when: tuesday, april 16 at 4:00 p.m. 
where: 1110 mcgill hall (formerly pal) 

Price Center . Student Cen ter I UNIVERSITY CENTERSI' 

The UCSD Guardian 

SOAR 
Continued from page 15 
the most popular," Minnigerode 
explained. 

The day of my soaring excur-
ion was overcasl but we did 

manage 10 find a few Ihermals on 
whic h 10 glide. Our average air 
speed was around 40 miles per 
hour when Davi pushed the con-
trol stick forward and the nose of 
Ihe g liderdipped downward. I till 
felt relalively comfortable as I 
walched our air speed increase 10 
65 mph. 

Davis then pulled the conlrol 
stick back toward IUs body, and 
the nose of the glider jutted up-
ward. All thai could be seen was 
grey sky a we went into what 
Davi termed a slall - the nose 
was far above the horizon. The 
glider slowed markedly and lost 
altitude. 

At this point my stomach begain 
to feel like it wa going to betray 
me - the stall not only caused a 
loss of air speed butal oadi tinc-
ti ve weightless feeling. Davis then 
proceeded with an aerial maneu-
ver called a " wing-over," making 
the wings perpendicular to the 

ground. All that could be heard was 
the constant sound of Peter's feet 
working the foot pedals and the 
irregular sound of wind buffeting 
the canopy. At the end of our 
plunge, I found out that we had 
made a 360 degree tum and we 
were again level with the horizon. 
As I looked out of the canopy. I 
could see rays of sun breaking 
through the clouds, brightly re-
flect!ng off of a small lake directly 
to our right. 

"It 's a bit like riding a roller 
coaster in that you gain momentum 

A panoramic view of the La Jolla area as seen by glider pilots. 

Monday, April S, 1991 

Above: A 
glider pilot 
sUNeys 
Black's 
Beach 
from an 
altitude of 
500 feet. 
Lef(:A 
glider 
comes in 
fora 
landing. 

by accelerating down a surface, 
and then regain your potentia1 mo-
mentum once you are again at the 
top of the surface," Davis said as 
we soared across the sky. 

On my second trip, Davis let 
me control the glider. After 10 
minutes of Soaring time and a se-
ries of 90 degree tums, my confi-
dence began to skyrocket. How-
ever, when asked to make a 180 
degree tum, I became somewhat 
erratic and let my air speed get 
away from me, and I felt the glider 

See SOAR, Page 19 

Monday, AprilS, 1991 The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 19 

SOAR 
Continued from page 18 
shake. Davi then took over and 
decided to head back because the 
lift was not too sub tantial, and our 
alt itude was de li ning at a steady 
pace. 

" It's a bit like riding 
a roller coaster in 

that you gain 
momentum by 

accelerating down 
a surface, and 

then regain your 
potential 

momentum once 
you are again at 

the top of the 
surface, 

" PETER DAVIS 
Flight Instructor 

An orange glide r with a mas-
sive wingspan trayed off to the 
left of its landing pattem and gave 
u the right of way as we ap-
proached the relati vely inactive 
runway at 300 fee t and landed go-
ing abo ut 45 miles per hour. 

We traveled about 25 yards on 
the small front wheel of the glider 
and slid the last 20 feet on the skid 
(a small curved- teel plate behind 
the front wheel and directly beneath 
the co ckpi t). [ felt so mewhat 
dis appointed Ihat it was over so 
soon. The flight had been exhila-

The event will 

focus on physical 

fitness activities, 

health screenings, 

psychological 

health, spiritual 

well -being, and 

much more. 

raring. 
When I asked about the afety 

of soaring. I wa assured by Davis 
and many o ther that gliders have 
an exemplary afety record. In each 
flight . pas engers are accompanied 
by a cenified flight in tructor. 

"In the 25 years our club ha 
been in exi tence, we have had 
only two ca e involving only very 
minori nj urie . Soaring is probably 
the safest form of transportation 
around." a id Paul Castleberg, 
former president of the Soaring 
Club. 

Overall , I found my two twenty-
minute fli ght in the UCSD Soar-
ing Club's SGU 2-22 glider plane 
to be very relaxing, peaceful , yet 
exhilarating at times. 

"Soaring provide me with the 
oppununity to relax and forget 
about my classes and many of the 
other stressful things in my life; ' 
Minnegerode said. "It ' very 
peaceful and I would like to wel-
come anyone who would like to 
give it a try to come on OUI.'· 
Photographs by Gail Johnson 

For more 
infonnation 
call 534-3874. 

Health .nd Fttnel' Fair 

Sponsors 

University of California, San Diego 
Wednesday, April 10, 1991 

11:00 a.m.-2:00 p.m. 
Price Center Plaza 

ASUCSD· Student Health Services · Campus Recreation· Student Affinnative Action 
• Consumer Student Service • Dining Services ' Pychological and Counseling Services 
• Student Safely Awareness · Physical Education' Revelle' Muir' Warren· Third' Fifth 

~ '''1m 
.11 Iff 

'2.-" 
~ ~ 
!~~! 

. . ~ 

- , 

Above: Soaring Club 
members Peter Davis 
and Oliver Alister prepare 
a glider for a winch 
launch. Far Left: AGCSC 
members Jim and Bill 
inspect a glider's 
instruments before the 
day's launch. Close Left: 
A glider pilot is prepared 
for flight. 

E a rl Warr e n M e m o rial y m pos iufll 
l Oa th Birthday C e le br a ti on 

pre ents the 

De Wi tt Higgs Lecture 
featuring 

ANTHONY LEWIS 
columnist for the New York Times, 
twice winner of the Pulitzer Prize, 
author of "Gideon's Trumpet" and 
"Portrait of a Decade." 

with 

HON. IICHIID HUFFMAN scon liCE 
AssocIate Justice. Court of Appeal Dean. Univtf!ity of Southern 

Fourth District, Division t California School of Law 

Moderator: PlORSSOI PETIIIIONS, Political Science, UCSD 

discussing 

DlmNE STUCHAN 
Dean, Untversity of San DIego 

School of Law 

"How THE WARREN COURT 
CHANGED PUBLIC LAw IN AMERICA" 

Tuesday, April 9, 8:00 p.m., Price Center Theatre 
Reception following 

Pre en ted by 
IAIL WAllIN CouIoI, UNMISITT OF CauFOltNI1, SAN DIEGO 

Information: 534-l704 

FREE - OPEN TO THE P U BLI 



20 The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 8, 1991 

Enter PrizeF est. 
It's quite possibly the most 
colossal sweepstakes in the 

history of academia. 
( far a we know.) 

~lP 
1 brand new, 1991 Nissan' NX 1600' 

5 Honda Elite · scooters 

This sporty hUle coupe has the most exhilarating 
moves under the sun (or the stars) Its fuel·lnlected 

doubleoverhead·cam response Will qUicken your pulse. 
ClubMed 

Fun and easy to rtde. the Honda Elite leatures push bunon 
slartlng and no shifting Also Includes a locking under· 

seat storage companmentlor your gear 
Ak.. 

BACKROADS 
Bin urrOURIN • 

1 set of 4 passes to Club Med , Cancun·· 
This is your perfect vacation, because you design it yourself . 

Get away and playl 
2 Backroads Bicycle Touring' trips·' for 2 

In thiS Ideal trtp for beginners, you'lI bike across Alexander Valley. 

You and three friendS can have the time of your lives 
scuba diving, water skiing, golfing, horseback riding, 

circus training (I) ... or just loaling on 
dazzling white beaches. 

• 
Ride Ihrough the wine country, then follow the course of the RUSSian 

River after an overnight stay at a lovely VICtorian mansIOn. 

25 Sony" Discman systems 
Make your mUSIC move With you ThiS deluxe. 
portable CD player fealures 10 key duect mUSIc 
selection. Mega Base " sound. musIC calendar 
display and remole control slereo headphones 

Includes alrtare to San FranCISCO. bike renlal and 
van transfer to the airport 

$ISOO.OO 
NORDSTROM 

GIfT CfRTlfICA TE 

4 Specialized" mountain bikes 
Who needs roads to ride? These handmade, 

lightweight and super strong bikes cover the earth. 

1 Nordstrom gift certificate 
Surt up for career success With a $1500 shopping spree 

(Just Ihlnk 01 the clolhes you could buy wllh that much money.) 
(, - ' - n 

.. 

1 Bic windsurfer board 
DeSigned With the philosophy that the most 

successful boards are those that are Ihe easiest to 
sail . thiS Windsurfer board harn sses the power 

01 he wave~ 

2 Apple' LaserWriter' LSs 
Your Irtends Will line up outside your door to use this. 

It's a full·fledged. four·page·per·mrnute laser 
punter And It'S brand new, from Apple. 

2 Apple Macintosh LC 2140 color systems 
JUSt Ihink no more tnps across campus 10 use a computer 

And color, 10 boot l ThiS IS a complete system, Irrcludlng a 
40 MB hard diSk. a 12 Irrch color monitor and keyboard 

This is big. Really big, 
\\ 'ilh II \1 trltll'r, JIlL! 1ll0fl: Ih.m \ Ih.IlIXIIil pn/c' m 

"oulhl'rn ( ,Mornt.1. Pri/l'Fl'.'1 Illighl IIL'II hc .1 hl,tonl. l'\ cot 
hcn 'tl, II , ,urpn'mgll 'Impll' to 1\ In .Iu'l ,top Into \'Our 

UIllPU, Wmpllll'r rl',l'iler .lIld fill (lUI .111 r.h' Enlf\ rorm 
\\ hill- tl1l'rc. 1,lhe.1 I(xlh Jltlll' [XTk(llOrnpUlcr lor ,ludl'lIh 
.1I1U f.tl'lllt~ ,t1ikL'-fI1l' .\t.lCint()~h It 2 In. 
Your most colorful entry into affordable computing. 

The .\t.lcinw,h I.e I~ Ihl' Ill(hl .1I'ford.lhk color ~IJdnt(),h 
l'\l'r. And Ilh.thcr l'Ou 'rl' cnillching nUlllhl'r~ or prorl'~ 'ing 

I\ord~ . It Ollh thou'.tnd, of Jl ail.thll' ,oti\\ .lfl· progr.lI1l\ th.1t .111 

APPLE PRESENTS 
work the ,aml' way. 

The ,\lacinto~h LC (,dn be heard a~ well as seen, because 
it ;lbo come. \I ith a microphone rh.1t let you personalize dOl1lments 
I"ilh your I'oice and other sounds. 

.\Iore gOO<.l ne\\'~: You can now buy a Macimosh compUier 
CIl'I')' tll'O years. So if you purcha ed one in 1989 and you're ready 
to upgrJde, go righl ahead. 

You have to enter to win, 
So gel 10 your computer reseller and cmer PrizeFe I. 

And get there today. With a linle lu k, you could ome away 
Il ilh omething Ihat ' really something. 

..... 

•• •• 
• • L.Jr ,1] 

Come in for a Mac LC demo and PrizeFest entry form 
• • . ~. 

• ~~1~:( ,0. 
• • &.~ • 
• _..a..\\. • 
. ,..,..- . 
• • • • 

•••••• 

I .4 II II ' . I I II 'I UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 
OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM - 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Check out the low price of the Macintosh LC 2/40 color system! 
' NOllncll!dlng true and lICense. "SubjecllO ava"abihty Certain dale restnctlons apply. Void where prohlbiled by law. See an 'Easy Entry Form' lor complete conlesl rules and dalalls. 

Sweepslakes open 10 students. laculty and slaH at partlClpal'ng campuses 991 Apple Comput8l. 1nc. AI nghIs reserved AI trademal1<s and regrstered trademal1<s n propetty 0I1heI' respectJve eo<poraIIOnS. 

Monday, AprilS, 1991 

VARIN 
Continued from page 14 
some relative frequency, perhap 
once or twic a month, so that those 
i sue that the SMC group are 
dealing with can be brought up to us 
immediately and can also be dealt 
with by u if they're having any 
problem . 

G: The first thing you brought up 
is numbers - SMC has more 
people out there . .. but if you take 
trictly numbers, the Greek sy tern 

has more numbers than 
underrepresented people on cam-
pus. 

PV: [n fact, Paul DeWine was 
asking me about that the other day, 
when I was speaking with [FC nn-
terfratemity Council), and was ask-
ing me how I felt about Greek rep-
resentatives on the A.S. Council, 
and what the relationship should be 
between A.S., the IFC, and 
Panhellenic, and some other issues, 
like funding Greek organizations, 
and why they aren't eligible for 
funding. We clarified that. So it has 
been brought up before, and all [can 
say i that maybe getting meeting 
times with the !FC and Panhellenic 
president , maybe we' ll be able to 
communicate benerthat way if they 
have any real problems, too. 

G: What do you see as the re-
sponsibilities of the office of A.S. 
president, and what would you per-
sonally bring to that role? 

PV: I see the responsibilities of 
the president - the job description 
in theAS. constitution, dealing with 
budgetary allotments, appoinnnents, 
and being the official voice of the 
students - those are the minimum 
job requirements. Anybody can be 
elected to that job and do those 
requirements and technically beAS. 
president. I see my job as being a 
creative management position. 
Managing the council so as to con-
tinue the continuity that has been 
seen in Ihis year's council, and then 
10 creatively research issues theAS. 
will deal with. It is ajobofcreativity 
to manage the AS. and to create 
issues that the A.S. needs to solve. 
r d like to build on the continuity of 
this year'scouncil, and through their 
mistakes, failures, and also their 
successes. I've been worKing with 
Edson in developing my platfonn, 
and those are the things that I think 
are really important. I'm creating 
issues right now so that the AS, can 
deal with them in an expedient man-
ner. That's what I think is my job 
position - get issues into the A.S. 
that people might not think of, and 
get them solved. 

G: Supposing IRAAC was to 
come out with its recommendation to 

ViceDlancellor Watson that UCSD' s 
athJeticprogram houldmovetoDivi-
ion II. Where do you tIUld on that? 

PV: This i a very controversial 
subject becauseoftheargument against 
beingthe trengthofintramurn.l ports. 
I, however. believe that because our 
university is growing to such an ex-
tent ... thateventualJywewill bemov-
ing to Division 1 and competing with 
UCLA, UC Berkeley, and so on. I am 
in favor of a move to Division II 
because I think that it will provide 
bener competition to our ·tudent ath-
letes in dealing with some bigger 
school .It ' hardtoscheduleDivision 
ill contests with our student popula-
tion-because we are so large, a IDI of 
the smaller schools are a Iitde bit leery 
of scheduling contests against us. So [ 
am in favor of moving to Division II 
and ultimately to Division 1. Now you 
run into a problem there with the 
admini tration saying 'We are a re-
search facility,' ... but I don 't think. 
that the quality of education i any less 
at UC Berkeley because they are a 
Division I school and they give out 

scholarships, nor is it at UCLA. I 
really don 'I think that our quality of 
education is going to go down. 

G: If you're elected, what will be 
the first thing you will do? 

PV: [ will get the open appoint-
ments (publicity commi ioner and 
operations, services, and enterprises 
commissioner) taken care of,and once 
that is worlced, get the executive com-
minee fonnulated, go over my plat-
fonn that I've been elected on, and we 
will prioritize which ones we will deal 
with. [will work very closely with the 
executive council becausel think their 
input is very crucial. 

G: When we were asking you 
- about your responsibilities, you men-

tioned that "creating issues" was an 
important thing. I was curious how 
you were going to gauge thoserespon-
sibilities in prioritizing your own 
agenda. 

PV: Since there are no slates this 
year, everyone is running on their 
own It will be necessary to build a 
conununity elTon amongst the execu-
tives - and by doing that, [ hope to 
introduce my campaign platfonn,and 
then with their input, prioritize those 
issues that I have, and get them sent OUI 
and taken care of ... as soon as p0s-
sible. The fust thing I will be doing is 
to put together the presidential outline 
afterI'vemetwiththeexecutivecom-
minee - 15 pages or so of what my 
agenda and the agenda that we have 

The UCSD Guardian 

t as the executive council.. . son of 
irnilarto whal Edson put together last 

year for the AS. Through that. we' II 
be able to tum the page after we finish 
a project, and stall a new one. 

G: You are part of the Greek sys-
tem, and I'm curious about how that 
would play - I'm thinking specifi-
cally of [Fraternity dviser Paul) 
DeWine, because you ·vealre.ldy told 
me thai he' talked to you - what 
kind of power he has, how you deal 
with that power- because [' ve heard 
a 101 of problems that went on at !Fe. 
and also how [FC is going to I k at 
you as president and what you Crul do 
for the Greek. y tem. 

PV: I run a member of Sigma 
Alpha Mu fraternity, however 1 have 
been inactive for the last two months 
because of financial reasons .. . and 
also because I anl pursuing this politi-
cal po ioon and have nOl been able to 
pend as much time with the frater-

nity ... , As far as any influence that 
Paul DeWine has over me, il would be 
minimal, if any. He" just. another 
person whose opinion I would take 
intocon ideration.Being thathci n t 
a student, hi opinion would obvi-
ously be a little bit less weighed than 
one of you, for example. IFC i a 
separate body from the AS., and the 
only relationship we would have is 
one of mutual exchange. It wouldn't 
be one iofluencinganother. lFC i not 
going to be able to hand mesomething 
and say, 'We would like thi i ue 
dealt with right now, and because 
you're AS. president and a Greek, 
you have todo it ' 1l1at kind of thing i 
not going to happen. 

G: But it would happen with 
SMC, i that right? 

PV; That's not the comparison I 
was trying to make. I was trying to 
make thecomparisonofJohn Kennedy 
and the Pope, that kind of thing is not 
going to happen - where he's wom 
allegiance to putting those kind of 
issues firs\. They will be weighed 
equallywithotheri uethatneedtobe 
dealt with. And justifying the reason 
why I really want 10 pay attention 10 
SMCorganizations is because I think 
that, because they have been histori-
cally undenepresented and they have 
some problems that they're dealing 
with,Ithink thatthoseproblems should 
be brought to light IFC is not having 
thekindofproblems .. . they 'rea sepa-
rate organization, it's like oil and wa-
ter, and I don't think they have any 
pressing needs that need to be dealt 
with on the administration level or in 
the educational realm. SMC organi-
zations have their issues, like the dif-
ferent college requirements and the 
courses that they're trying to get 
through. [FC doesn't have anything 
like that, so it's a different type of 
situation. 

DO YOU GET ALONG WELL WITH 
We'Ve got 

RoommalCS 

KANGAROOS & KOALAS? 

with the UC Edladoo AbroIId Propm 
in A1IIb'aUa for 1992! 

INfOIMADON Sl8VQN 
on New Zealand, Australia, Study/WOrk Opponunities 

l'banclay,AprIIll, H p.m. 
IDtaudooal Center Cookrmcc loom 

QUI 534·1123 ()l'vis1l tbe OpporrunUtes Abroad OjJlce 
aJ /be /nJernQIfonQJ Cnuer for moll! tnfomraJlon 
APPUCATION DEADUNE: Monday, May 6 

ScboIIIrsbtps avaUoble1 

Tlckels 
Can 

BIkes 
Dcab 

Rentals 
Slcrcos 

SurftJoards 
Autokpalr 

Sales 
Jobs 

Typlna 
Babysinln& 
CompuCtn 
LoftNOIe$ 

and more In 
tbcG .. rtUa 

dalllcds. 'I'IIIl 
doyoanmll 

NEWS 21 

COME VIEW STUDENT 
PROJECTS! 

• Films 
• Videos 
• Art Work 
• ·Engineering Projects 
• and much more ... 

APRIL 8TH, FROM 5 TO 10 PM 
IN THE PRICE CENTER THEATRE 

s s s s s s s s 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*Includes: CL exam, care kit. myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L. Cooper, WJ, Paraperm , Boston. 

(orr" .xpires 4f30/91) 
CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

\n".,.,..., "" 

• Prof... .rvlc. 
• QU;lUty Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.bl. Price. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

~unllal:'. l1Je 1out'l.ttntJ,J ~.It of Ilpt'll 
~ 

eut' .1'1:' 1alre .e,ln. It (be de\lentl.J 
b4ur 0' We JIIorn In~ .r,Gn conUt\u.t un 
U"e (ourU, f)ou\, of e\Jct\ 1tt~e It tbe elortoU8 
1tllcllc ~l.OndJcn,c . 



22 CALENDAR 

Mond.1y-Thundoy - '00 """')0 pm. "n<l1~. -
8: 1m·):OO pm. Eve:nllnl also aVlJlabie - 1he 
l.:Incuace Propml provides IIs"o;;tante to \ludcnLS 
who\ Nil \'C tanlUlce Ij, not EncJslh and k) lhose doIn, 

WO<~ on Joponcsc. IW'III. S""niih. French. Germ"". 
Vietnamese. and Ru sian.. A dlalOO lie lCSt on ""nllen 
Eoahih IS. ond l:Ul&ilU31C I Ilvililableon r~ue I. 
Call ~).4·n84 for more .. fann.llon . Ok! SIUdtnl 
Con .. r. Bld&. A, Room '214. Fr .... 

Mond.y Frid:ly 

8:00 am-4:40 pm - TIle OASIS Stud)' M:mlccn~n' 
Cenlerprm·ldel. 'iCrvtcC'- 10 help)oo prou'u IlIbm:uom 
fI'IOlreirkleml) illld~lto..ll\rl) MakC:ln 3~nUllc.nt 
(Of .In InolvHJU:l1 (onfcr('nu~ . or r(&I\ICr rl,)( our 
,.orbhops on lime 1n3n:lJ,cmcnl. notrmlnl:,. rNdme, 

lexl~ wlyw)., memory, u.:un prcpanlloo, etc 
Call ~14n14 VSB 4010, ~ree 

SERVICES/WORKSHOPS 
Mondoy Fnd.y 

H:OO am-4:00 pnl - SIG I PLUS ( y 1<n of 
Interactive Guubnce:ll1d lnformauon) 1\:1 omputer· 
bUed ptOarSlll of carter infonn" lon deSIgn«! w h<lp 
youcl3l1(Y your Ills. valurs~occul»ltoruJ Inlernu.. 
For more informatIOn. corne KJ~r~rvl("(lCrntcr. 
SIO_ 

6:00pm-7:.lOpm - G.yand 811<,",,1 Men ',Suwon 
Group led by ptet counselonTony ond Ch.u. We·re. 
.... eckly Infont'lli. confldenll,l peer Group for student] 

~ho wan, 10 dl~u s I~sues lIld ~hare COOCml . Come 
lend your support! Drop-In \,I,clcome Of' nil O;avid J.I 

S34~)'l87 (or more: In(o Mouruam Vu~w Loun,r.: (by 
the u:nnl" C'OlIns It llurd Colle,It). Frtt. 

Mond.y. Apnl 8. 1991 

8:00 .,".9:JO 3nt - OVERCOMING 
COMI'LLSIVE EATING. t;.)r women .... ho hOl.bllu;ally 
diel andbmtc. hxu) 00 t nJl1,, ~: n& SlIC~ . bUlldlnl~lf 

tSc«-m.lncrt3~ln'3\o\ ou(' lo,;"~C:"; Lcadc.'r: &iUl III Luke. 
S34 <U8S. Prthmlnat) appolnuucnl n«e !lU)' . ~126 
HSS Fr« 

10:00 0111-12:00 pm - ,RIEF GROUP: Shon «00 
group for~'udcnl _ dulln& \oI.IththeM3thof3 slim(kanl 
other. LtJdtrs' RM:" Whitehill. S3J0248 and Kmn 
CeQ"', '.lJ ·3n~ . C.II for "gn up. Gil 1001. Free 

11 :30 am - ON CA MPUS IN1'ERVIEWI'iG 
ORIl!:o.'T AT10'J -If)ou arc U1ICr(~lro 10 i>J.ftICIPJlHlg 
10 the C:m'cl Srn lCe,Crntcf'\Un-Cal11pm IIIlc'''IClAmG 
progr.un Ihl~ qUMICr. It I~ m:md.aIOf)' th:ll )00 Jltend 
one ul the)&: onc:ntalJOns before you Int(:I'\'IC'to'I . Cu«>r 
SerVia, CCllltr. Free. 

I :JOpm-l:OO pm - DROP-IN ADVISIl"G IlOURS' 
For htl(1 finding (!eslf"3blt pM1·tlme emplo)tntlu. 
dttt-mllmn,carec:q:031~. an:hmgfor)Ob or~\plooni: 

proftS~lon31 or gradu~ue \(hool opponulllue~ No 
appoHl(mentl1cccs~ry. JUSt \A.31~ · ," areer ServlltS 
Cen~. FTft 

z:oo pin' - MARKETABL E RESUME 
WORKSHOP: Lurn how "' CClbIlUCI • "alC-of-!he:-
.1flrtSUmc that" III ma1.e you stMld oul from lhecro~d. 
CMeer Sen-ICes Ccntc.r. Free . 

3:00 pm-S:OO pm - TIlE ROMANTIC COPING 
SK ILLS GROUP: Will lC>eh way. 10 cre"e and 
malrWun reli:uionships and 10 ovcr\."'Ome brr.akups. 
Le:>dcn: Bevcrly Horju, M",y MeN.ullhlon. Sllln-up: 
534-22J7. MAAC 412_ Fret. 

4:00 pm-6:00 pm - SUPPORT GROUP FOR 
GRADUATEWOME : A'uppo<UveGJOOpforwo",en 
Ihill'inll • p:uh In common - Ih" of gradu"c school. 
Led by Rein' Juoru. ~34-387~.C.1I fOl" prc:liminory 
appotnunenl_ 2126 HSS . Fm:. 

Tuesday. Apn19. 1991 

11 :00 am - EFFECTIVE JOB SEARCH 
SntA TEGY: 8O'\0hll,JObvoc:lJ'lCic .... UJ1odveruse<i 
Thl \\<orkshopwIll1.c3ch you lilt f'I"IO)t cffecu\c"'ayto 
find them. Carccr ServlCCS CtnlCr. Free. 

1:.lOpm-l:OOpm -DROP-IN ADVISING 1I0URS: 
For ~Ip flodlna de lr2ble pan·ume emplo)menl. 
delenmOln&Career~, 3fChmgforjobsoreltplonn& 
profes lon31 or grtdutlle school opponunitics. No 
appointment nece sary. jusl wall· tn . C:lJ'ur ServICes 
Center. Free. 

2:00 pm-l:OO pm - RED I (RECO ERING FROM 
EA TING DISORDERS): A lude", ,,""'shop for 
beconl1n, more lIv..arc of cauoa p;utcm . Habll ' 
breakmc. ~eJr.tueem. 3uNlion. other coping 
mt_thod11:lUBht Ltadcrs. RCIIl,tJu~u. Nancy Wahhg 
Si,n-up: S34-381S. IISS 2101. Free_ 

. :00 pm-S:JO pm - UN DERGRAD UATE 
THERAPY GROUP. FOf'undergr.odu.'e"U<kn""ho 
have h.KI individual couRscling and arc now rt3dy 10 
uplore inuei in .a group (Onlnl. Leur: Equilla 
Luk S34-3'8'. rn,limuW)' appoi",menl I\CC<.IW)'. 
GH 1003 F"",_ 

Wedne~.}, ApnIIO, 1991 

1:00 pm - 0 CAMPUS INTERVIEWING 
ORlf.'1TA TlON' lfyou m ,"le,.Sled In p:utJelp.una 
In the Clrcer Ser\llcc:s Center's on-campus 
IIltcrvlew,"& Pfognm thi 4U:a.t1cr, II I nundal ry 
,hal you :lI1cnd one 01 thc1C OrtenlJuanS be(: e you 
Intervltw. aret:r Service Ce.nlcr. foree. 

1:00 pm-l:lO pm - ASSERT IVE ESS 
TRAINING: A ,"ork.lhop where pon,elpanl "'" 
taught slill to Impro\oe Ibtilly to communlC:lIe with 
others. Leader: Y,we MII"nl , S34-31~5_ C.II for 
lnfonnouon_ G il 1003. Free. 

l:Jtpm-4:00pm - DROP-INADVISINGII RS . 
For help finding deslf'lble pMt-lime tmploymem. 
determinin& career HOIIs, searching (or JObs or 
exploring profeSSional or gradullte sc hool 
opponunilic 0 IIppoimmenl neccnary.Just walk· 
In . lIJ'eer Services Center. Fr~. 

4:00 pm.5:.JO pm -~IEN'S T IIERAPY GROUP: 
For male undcrgl1ldu;lIe and goou.uc: 'IluOc:nl.s ~'ho 
""'Ish 10 Improve st:1(~slttm.cnhancecommumcllK>n 
d.llls and undc:r'lumd lhe mnuencc o(llk1lc: IOCOIII), In 
c.\tlbll~mg/fIlainl:alnmgreblion"hlps Leaders John 
And .. " •. Gory Tt:dc:schdJ4-31'5 1003 Git. Frce. 

TI,ur"by. Apnl II . 1991 

10:30 1m - ON CAMERA PRA TlCING 
INTERVIEWING SKILLS - Sharpen your 
ml~lCwinl ,kill! by KelliS lind he:tnng yourselron 
vidt:OI.1pC. Rccc-ive fttdbac~ from other Job seel ers 
in lhi. ,roup work~hop Prerc4ulslle : 
INTERVIEWING SKILLS IVORKSUOP and "sn 
up 10 w.lCh th< Efl'ECTIVE INTERVIEWI. 0 
DEMO TAPE. C:uttrSen.lce5 cnlCI . Free. 

11 :00 ani - MARKETABLE RESUME 
WORKSI-IOP. u.Jm ho~ to COII.\lfUCI a )LII Ie:-of· lhe· 
lin resume thai Will male you ,umd Oul (rom the: 
C IO'Ac.i . Clafttr Sc:nolces Cttllcr. Fret: . 

I :J(lpm-l:OOpnl - DROP-IN ADVISING itO RS . 
For help findLng domlble pari tllnc cnlploymc:nI. 
dc:tcrlTlInmg c .. rc:cr gu .. I~ , )(:lIrdnng (or Jobs or 
exploring profcs\lonal or gr3d u:uc ~chool 
opponunlllc\ No appOintment neccII;\3.f)'.jUSI wall-
In areer Sen Ices Center. Free. 

2:30 pm - 0'1 CAMPUS INnRVIEwlNG 
ORIE:"\TATIO~ ' I( youartlRlcrc~ledlnpanl 1~lIng 
10 the Career ServIces Ccntcr'\ on-campus 

ml~rvlcwlng program this qu.a.lcr. II I mandator), 
that )00 lIucnd one. or Ihc)C QntlllJIIOn before you 
mtet\'le"" . Career SC I'ICC Cenler. I'rec . 

Fn~ay, Apnl 12. 1991 

10:110 Im-Il:00 pm - E"lIIANCIl\G SELF-
ESTEEM WORI<SIIOI" Iksogn<d 10 ht:lpmdlvKiu:tI, 
gt-nc:ral( and mamtJ.1R a more t .. blc and harmOniOus 

~n.sc of self esteem in lhc.lr !tva. Leader: RClOa 
J,ur<2.53-1-3875 Sign-up IICCC5S:1ry . II S 2126_ 
Fn:c. 

12:00pm-l :lOpm - PA ASIANCOMM NITY 
FORUM: Drop-In groupdeSlgned loaddrencoo<ems 
of A<i.n!Poclli ISI.nder "ude"" .. UeSD In 0 
probk'm.so! vln 1:1 llnd supponi\'c aunosphc:re. Leaders: 
JcllmlC M iilnCSC and Johl1 Wu. 5301·3035. Mountain 
View Lounge. Free. 

IZ: IS pm-t :45 pm - TliERAPY GROUP FOR 
GAY ME : onlidenll,llhempy group for Gradu'le 
and undergraduate gay and blsc'tual men. Leader. 
D .. id Blasband, ~34-3987 . C.II I)a"d for Slsn-up_ 
Ut Bldg. Rm. 3240. Fret. 

1:J(lpm"':OOpm - DROP-I, ADVISING lIO URS: 
For help with carccr 8031s, job hunl1ng. rc.sume 
preparation. etc. No appointelllcni nece..'~I)" Just 
'4alk ·in. Career Services Center. Free. 

2:00 pm -4 :00 pm - ALCOHOL A 0 
SUBSTANCE AI! E GRO P: For "uden" ",ho 
raise (he question "00 I haye:1 pt'oblc.m?' upportwt 
and resourte(ul environment to c'tplorc the above 
lheme:. Leaders : DJn Munoz and &jullI. Luke_ 534-
)75'. Re:velle Prv. Office:. free. 

4 :00 pm·6:00 pm - CAMP S BLACK FORUM: 
Infonnaldlscu sion! uppon groupfocu inGonlsMX: , 
concerns, c.~penenccs that affect the ~uall1yof II(e of 
A(ncan·Amc.rican communit), ,tt UC 0 , Leackrs: 
Phil R.ph3<l, &judi. Lu~., ~)4-37j'. Mounuin 
View Lounge. Free. 

LECTURES/SEMINARS/ 
CONFERENCES 

T ... S<by_ApnI9.1991 

9:00am-12::1O I'm - Eorl Warren S)mposlwn. Pne< 
Cc:n~ Ballroom. Frcc. 

The UCSD Guardian 

8:00 pm - OeWm IIIUs l..rcture (catunna Anlhony 
LeWlir,. columfml for lhe (w York Tim~. d1SCUS1in& 
how !he WllI'Ten Coon chan,ed pubhc: la", In Amcnc •. 
Pncc Ccn;cr Thealer. Free. 

Thurodo • Apnlll , 1991 

4:00 pm - -1I",on<o1 Agency, CullUl'1lI Difference:, 
lal Umln"IIY:- Lee,U,. by floml K_ Bhabha. 

UnlVer\l1Y of Su suo In lhe sene "em K~ntS -
""'lCoiooia!IIY ond Cahforma:' .pon1Ored by !he UC 
Or, ... iud R"",arcll Projccl in !he flumlUU~'. Group 
for!he wdyorT"~ and DtICOUl'Sd, Worncn',SludlCS 
Proeram, U ·Me.J.us. and the ~nmenl orLlleralW't. 
LlL Bld&_315'. Free 

Fnday, Apn112. 1991 

4:00 pm - "~Hlonal Thconcs. Poohllional 
Pnct.us" Colloquium With liomi Bn::abha (University 
of Su,,,,.). Te home Gab"el (UCLA). Wlnnl. 
Woodhull (UC Sill o.CllO~ and D,vld Lioyd (Ue 
Berkeley). In Ihe senes "CrosscurrentS -
"", .. olo ... IIIy and California," ponsored by !he UC 
Or&anlud Re",,,,,,h I'roJCCI In !he: Hum,,"I"es, Group 
for ll1eStudyorreAlS and DiscourseS, Women'sStudie 
Proer3Jn, UC-Mexus.and the De~rtrnentofLIter'ltUfe . 
Lit Bid,. 3"'. Fret. 

ORGANIZATIONAL 
MEETINGS 

Tuelda), Apnl9, 1991 

2:30 prn ~4 :00 pm - Lesbl3n, Gay Ii. 81 e:c.u:l1 
As lauon buSiness meetln,. EVCI)'\A.<ttk, pmetime. 
Old SIUdent Center. 2nd floor. above Soft Reserves. 
Free. 

ENTERTAINMENT 
5"UI'd.y. Apnll). 1991 

3:00pm, 7:00 pm, 9:00 pm -The UCSDSeuboOub 
presentS "Views of the Pacific Coast. .. an underwaler 
film fe lJ\I!lI. Tickttl J\ :lII:1ble Illhe Box Offtce or at 
t.hc 000r. Sumner J\udllonum . Srnpps IntllUlioo of 
Ocuool"'phy. S~. 

9:00 pm-I:OO 1m - on-Sed .. Dance sponsored by 
!he Lesbian, G.y '" BI t\Oa! A soc:"uon. Chi Cafe. 
Free. 

Sund.y_ Apn114. 1991 

11:00 am· 4:00 pm - RC\iclle Ren31S WlCt Flirt It 
SICJOeMngc_ For In(ormatlon call 534·)02j. 
7:30 pm - Third World Studies presents the second 
In",limenl of !he Third ColleGe FIlm Fe liva!: ·-Zoot 
SUit," a LUIS Vilidelt film ):tarrin, Edward James 
Oln-,ol. Tyne Daly, Damel Valdez.. Price Center 
Audlionum. Free. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 
Mond.y-Fnd:ly 

Plannin, on ,euin into shape for summer? Stan of( 
WII'" FREE FITNESS EVALUA nON al R .. ,op! We 
are IOClled on !he 2nd floor of !he SI\ldcnl H<:Ilth 
Ctnter. Stop by and make IlIl :appointment for your 
fllSlop lodoy! Free. 

TueS<by. April 9, 1991 

1:00 pm -C i. for !he: CO DOM <h.llhi, is abouL 0 
II for lhc male or&Hm whose ejaculale il 't\t'on'llt'lout, 

n (or NoooJ.ynol9lhat kills those liuit spennlCl. 0 
IS (or the dlscne Lhal it prC:VCflli. 0 IIJld M art (or 
Muillple Orpsms lhal she'U have CIUse hc'lI lUI 
longer. Come to a binh control info session abcxullI 

~ind of mclhod' and the~ benc:fi ... SI\ldcnl Hcol<h 
Se"ICC. 2nd floo< . Free. 

Wednesday. Apol lO, 1991 

10:00 am - Are you nol tnlerested In blM control 
inform3lioa. but )011 do want to le1fn Q~.11 caring for 
Other :lpset1s o( your bod)'? Come 10 a Well Woman 
SoSIOIl and learn lOOuI pap smUfl. mlntnl regulation. 
and m(tcuon pre\enuon. Siudent Health Semce. 2nd 
floor. Free. 

1:00 pm - A quIZ. "91n Wec:k"·ma~., you Ih&nkof 
• ) ume 10 buy )OUI' ,,,,booI.S. b) !he: la" lime )ou 
(leaned lour 3p:artmtnt, c) i mlly lumy e\'en1R& 
\ll.lth your 100'ed one lmd the ti~st IJeE,elables. If you 
!If\ "'ered "C,"comt loa birth COOlrOllnfoscssloo lind 
"be prepared."Studenl Hnlth Service. 2nd noor. Fret:. 

Thursd.y_ pnili. 1991 

10:00 1m - How lon& wtll )pcmlit\'e In:a \'a~lna? In 
a uleru ? find out the answer 10 all ) our blnh C'Onlrol 
qu.,,,on from. Sludeni Hul<h Ad.DC .... Studenl 
He311l'l Service, 2nd floor , Free. 

1:00pm - WHATI You 'veneverhodap<livceum? 
You can ,el eJWllined free (+ lab 00'" for the pap 
smear) III Siudent Hea.llh. Come 10 a Well Woman 

~SKm &0 learn e.uclly what happens durin, the 
t.l.:uDln.:mon. and to leMn about other eood h3bllS for 
!he ClIO of your body. Sludenl tlcohh Scrvtce. 2nd 
floo<. Free. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 
Tuesday lhru SI" .. <I1y 

CATHOLIC MASS_ Sponsored by theCothollc Sludent 
Communhy .. UCSD. Univenhy Lu!heran Church, 
Comer of N. Toney Pine, and La Joli. SI&oros Drive. 
Free. 

Monday. April 8_ 1991 

12:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS offen 
Lehrhaw B. IcJudoi""cI .. with RabbiSlotJ1ick..W2 
M.,!he:w •. Free. 

Tuesday, Apnl 9, 1991 

4:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS offers 
LehrhaUJ Talmud Study with Rlbbi 000& Slotnick. 
W2 M .. !he:ws. F..,., . 

7: 00 pm - Unloo of Jewish SI\ldcn1S M«tiD •. 5 ... 1. 
B ... bor. Room. Price Cen«r. Free. 

Wednesday. April 10. 1991 

10:00 Im -Z:OO pm - Thc ISRAEL ACTIO 
COMMITTEE hiS III information lable in the Price 
Center Plaza. Come and t.1lk with Jewi,h ,luden .. 
:about JeWIsh life on c:unpus and opportunities for 
VI ltin, I ,.1. 

6:00 pm - Homt'oCook.ed supper served to students by 
!he Uruv .... ny Lulhcran IOWTlspcople. Open ",everyone. 
University Lutheran OlW'Ch. across Lbc street from 
Reve:lIe Colielle. 

7:00 pm - "The Parodi"" of Wholencs : i,the Bible 
study "'pie led by Lu!heran Campus l'3s1Ol' John Huber. 
Everyone I, weleOOle. The I .. , is Mark 12:28-34. 
Uruv""IIY l.otheron Church, ""ross !he streel from 
Revelle: College. Fr .. , 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

1:00,.. - "F.vorite HIWllS UI the Hllh SICIT'U" iJ 
a color lido pmenwlon by Campu PaSlor John 

H~rwhowIIi introduce a new Inq,drers~inarlXl 
Q\ru.tiut bdlef Ind practicc. Open to all. Unlvmlty 
Ulthcrao Church. aaos lhe '''etl fTOm Revelle 
Colle,.. 

9:.10 pM - CANDLELIGHT MASS. A qui.~ 
meditative time foullarinl "'1<holJ&en. Sponsored by 
theCathollCSlUdentCommunity It UCSD. Univcrs.lty 
Lulhc:nn Olurth Corner of N. Torrey Pines and LA 
Jolla Shores Dri\t_ Fret. 

Thw><l4y. Apnlll, 1991 

. :OOam-3:00pOI - TheJewishCommunny .. UCSO 
Will mark Yom llasOOah (the day for n:membenn, 
<hose "'ho died In <he Hoi .u I). From S am 10 S pm 
10 Revelle: Ptllla.lhtfe 'NIII be s readln, or names o( 
thc:be who died. A pra)~r servia will be 3t noon. 
ConlaC' Andy FInk, 4~8-4292, If you would like 10 
u$i l In !'eMhn. names. 

\l :00 •• - 1:00 Pili - JEWISH CAMPUS 
CENTERS Informauon Tobie in IJ&e Price Ce .. " 
Pll1.I. SlOp by (or Infom13lloo 00 Jewishcampus li(e. 
In [ron, or EDNA office. 

5:45 PIII - THETtIURSDA Y DIN ER. Homemade 
fond lind ere .. compony. Sponsorc:<i by !he Calholic 
Sludent COO'munity ., UCSD. UnlVmily Lulhcron 
Churth, Catholic Loun,e_ Comu of N_ Torn:y Pinn 
and LA Joll. Shores Drive. S2 donation. 

7:.lO ptIl - Episoopol Colle,e Group Biblelludy. Fa< 
infonn3tion and rides call ~5-6661. Sl Elizabeth's 
Church. 2S2S Menon Ave .. S", Di.,o. Free:. 

Sunday. Apnl 14 , 1991 

8:00 am - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship Scvict and Holy Euchllrbt OIwc.h or the 
Good Sam..; .... 4321 Ells,,"« M.II. Fn:c. 

8:lO am - CATHOLIC MASS. Span",""" by !he: 
Cathohc Student Community at UCSD. UniversilY 
LUlhenm Church. Comer of . Torrey l>ine and LA 
Jolla Shores Drive:. me. 

9:00 am - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship Service and Holy Euctlarisl. SI. James 
Episcopal Chun:h. 743 ProS(lOCI SI_ LA Joll •. Free. 

10:00 am - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worship ServiCt' and Holy Eucharist OtUJCh 0( the 
Gond Sam";I,,", 4321 Ellslgale 101,11. F .... 

10;00 am - "11le Swaslika Vs. the CrtlSs" is Pastor 
John Huber 's scnnon durin, <he Lu!heran wO<Ship 
service. Everyone is welcome. UnivenilY Luthenn 
Church. across the Strcct from Revelle College. 

11 :15 1m - "10 Be or Not to Be: A Victim or a 
Survivor: is the IOPlt of 3. survh'or o( the A.uschwitz 
oonccn .... tion compo Dr. Edith Eacr. The proeram is 
open lO 311. UmversilY Luther2r1 Church lounge, across 
from R.velle College. Free_ 

5:00 p .. - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by !he: 
Catholic SIUdent Community at UCSD. Univtnily 
LUlher.m Church Comer of N. Torrey Pines and LA 
Joli. Shores Driv • . Free. 

5:00 pm-6:00pm - UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY 
sponsors a wecklysin,-alona from ~w6p.m.lfyou are 
100001n, for. r<luin, hour of ,plrilual qua!hy then join 
us Lhis week. All are welcome. Poltce Training Room 
(near ORA office in m). Free. 
9:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponoored by !he: 
Catholic Swdtnl Communily ., VCSD. Univcnily 
LUlher." Church, Comer of N. Torrey Pines and La 
Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 

PhoI05 by Jennller VlnnlGuordian 

Monday, A.pril 8, 1991 

OROZCO 
Continued from page 13 
reer, because if you get a bad grade 
in thecJass, apply to graduate hool 
or law chool or to busines school, 
they ee your grad . it' a big me 
all the way through_ 0 Ithink we're 
really going to have to pu h for that. 
I'd also get in contact wi th John 
Edson, he ' the one who did a lot of 
the pu hing for that, and make sure 
to find out exactly his point of view, 
what he thinks. and get him on board 
to keep going with thaI. 

G: Here's another hypothetical 
for you. John Edson was fOllunate 
enough to be pre ident when the 
TGs became a major issue_ What 
would be your response if, after the 
first experimental TG in the Price 
Center, Police Chief John Ander-
son decided that the security wasn't 
acceptable and that he was going to 
recommend that there be no more 
TGs? 

AO: I 've talked to a lot of stu-
dents, and forthe most part students 
feel that TGs are really important. 
that it's something that they wanl. I 
talked to John Anderson about this 
issue __ . he is not oPPO ed to having 
beer on campu _ Things like secu-
rity have been problems, but I think 
he'd be receptive to other alterna-
tives. I've heard people talk about, 
'Well, let's have TGs in ide in the 
ballroom: and other people ay, ' [ 
don 't like that: or havingTGs at the 
old pub, 'Well, that's going to be too 
crowded.' Well , let' s think about 
other places - maybe out at one of 
the fields_ If students really want 
TGs, we shouldn't have to top a 
tradi tion that we've had for uch a 
long time. That's something [think 
I would really fight for, to keep the 
TGs. and go beyond John Anderson 
and just keep pushing to get ome-
thing that we want, because tu-
dents feel it is really impollant. 

G: Suppo e the Intercollegiate 
and Recreational Athletics Advi-
sory Committee (IRAAC) was to 
decide and recommend to [Vice-
Chancellor Joseph] Watson that 
UCSD's intercollegiate athletic 
program should move to Division 
II. What would be your step in that 

LONDON 
PARIS 
WASHINGTON 

GRENOBLE 
HAIFA 
MADRID 
NIGER 
OXFORD 
PADUA 

in tan e? 
AO: I talked to two people abou t 

that - Paul altman, and the direc-
lOr of PE. and th y both had really 
different views_ The dire tor of PE 
is, of course, all for it. She tolo me it 
would take a while to get going. and 
if it did get going [the changej 
wouldn't be at least until ne t year. 
Profe sor Saltman told me that he 
didn't want the division move, that 
he felt that it wou ld cause a lot of 
controversy, if we got to Di ision IT 
it would be a lot of politics as far as 
a lot of back-room type stuff, you'd 
start paying players to play and Ihey 
wouldn' t be playing for the love of 
it, they'd be playing because they're 
getting paid_ 

I think that the hool i getting 
really big. and I think we'd benefit 
from having a Division II jump, and 
I think it'd make this school a lot 
better for a lot of people, and get 
more people excited about , ports. I 
see a little bit of apathy as far as 
port go on campus, 0 I think it'd 

be really good to jump to Divi ion 
II. While, on the other hand_ I 
wouldn't want to ee ome other 
thing suffer, like intramurals_ 
Maybe we could figure out some-
thing where intramurals wou ldn ' t 
suffer as much, wherea lotofmoney 
wouldn ' tbecomingoutofsludent ' 
pockets. [f we move up a division. 
where' all that money going to be 
coming from? 

G: What do you mean by 'play-
ers getting paid?' 

AO: Paul Sa)rman was saying 
that they'd be giv ing scholarships to 
players, 0 players would be more 
motivated to come and play at 
UCSD. A lot of people would be 
playing_ .. because they're going to 
have that money_ 

G: You personally aren't run-
ning unopposed, but there are a lot 
of people this year who are. Why do 
you think that is, and is this going to 
be a problem? 

AO: Some of the stuff I heard 
was that this year was such a good 
year, that the council did so well and 
the pre ident did 0 well, that a lot of 
people are kind of apathetic because 
they don't want to follow this year's 
council. 1 myself think that there i 

SUMMER 
PROGRAMS 
CORTONA CYPRUS 
LONDON MADRID 
MONACO PAD A 
PARrs 
USSR/E_ EUROPE 

For program details complete the coupon below and mail it to : 

• 

Boston UnIversity 
'" InternatIonal Programs 

- 232 Bay State Road 
Boston, MA 02215 
(617) 353-9888 
-----------~~~~~~~Pr~~ 
Name _ London Corlon. 
Addre.. _ Pa". Cyprus 

_ Washlnglon London 
City Sem ... erJAc_nllc Vear _ -
Phone Grenoble MONICO : Hada _ Padua 

_ M.dnd "-ris 
_ NIQ8f _ USSRIE Eur. 

COliegelUnlYersily ____ _ 
_ Oxlord 
_ Padua 

BOSTON UNIVERSITY 

The UCSD Guardian 

some apathy ut there, I was trying 
to fonn slate. and 1 did ee n lot of 
apathy. tudenl are JUSt not in-
volved. But I don't think it'll be a 
problem - 1 think we -re going to 
have a lot of new people on council, 
and it care a lot of pe ple_ In a 
way, il kind of cares me, 100, be-
cau e that means there are going to 
be a lot of people \Vh don't have a 
much experience as the people who 
have been there before_ But I think 
that if tudents are willing to be 
there,., I think we can have a really 
goodcounci I. [think thaI it shouldn ' t 
be a tep back. it 'hould be a tep 
forward_ I think that even if the 
people don't have as much experi-
ence as the people who are already 
there this year, I think if those people 
are willing to be there. they can get 
the job done_ 

G: I there anything thaI we 
haven·t.:sked you that you'd like to 
add? 

AO: I think that one of the issues 
that I'd like to bring up more is th 
Women 's Re ource enler. Every 
year fonhe past th ree years that I' ve 
been here, ome ne has put it n 
their campaign that we're going to 
get a paid staffer for the Women-!' 
Re ource Center. And n one has 
done il. I think that this year we 
really, really need to get a paid taff 
per on. They 've wai ted long 
enough. We're the only school that 
doe n' thaveone.They havea lot of 
good services, as far as peer coun-
seling and things like that, but [ 
think if they have someone who is 
paid to do the counseling, it would 
help them o ut a lot more and better 
programs to serve the people that 
they serve_ I'm pushing for Fall 
Quarrerofnext year. ifI do become 
president, to gel (I paid staff person 
for the Women' Re ourcc Center_ 

- Presidential Interviews conducted by 
Guardian editors Phil Gruen, Robin 

MacLean, Ben Boychuk, Jason Snell. 
Melinda Hamitlon, and Mary Betty Heard_ 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6,00 state cert, 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• 011, lube, filter $14_99' 
• AIC Service $19_99' 

• Coolant SeIVice 819_99' 
• Transmission Service $24.99 ' 
• Brake Special (1 aide) $59,99' 

• most cars 

caD Auto Care 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

6660 Miramar Rd., IUIte C 
(behind Goodye8I') 

San DIego, CA 921.2l. 
(819) 558-2436 

YOUR ILLNESS 
COULD BE 

PROFITABLE $$$ 
If you have a major ill ness, 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$$. 

· Measles 
, Mononucleosis 
• Lupus 
• Herpes 

$50 
and 

• Severe Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 

up ••• 
• Lyme Disease 
• Clotting Factor Deficiency 
Sensitized to the Rh Factor 

For 110ft iDformbon, pltate c:ootact 
MD LABORATORIES 

226-1733 

NEWS 23 

The Helen Edison Lecture Series and 
The Eugene M. Burke CSP Lectureship 

present 

"The Spiritual Life 
of Children" 

with 

Dr. Robert Coles 
Child Psychiatrist, Pulitzer Prize-winning Author, 

and HaNard Professor 

Student CQlloauium 
Son Francisco Room. Price Center 
Thursday, April 11 . 1991. 4-5:15 p,m, 

lecture 
Peterson Hall 108-110 

Thursday. April 11 , 1991 ,8 p.m. 

Both events are free and open to the public . 

AWJiIabie at )'OUt local booItsIore 
5 T • MA PRESS 

t· 



24 SPORTS 

TRACK 
Continued from page 32 
tion wa:. particularly trong, as the 
invitational events turned out to be 
populated by everal non-affiliated 
athletes and a number of quality 
competitors from Lo!> Angele -area 
junior college . 

The trength of the field, how-
ever, didn't intimidate the Tritons, 
as several individual turned in 
trong perfonnances. 

In addi tion , hammer thrower 
Paul Cogbill became the sc ond 
member of the UCSDmen 's squad 
to qualify for the national cham-
pionship meet. 

"1 thought, overall, wedid pretty 
well," Stanforth said. 

"O ur men had to compete 

again t some really strong athlete 
but, all thing considered, r think 
they made a good account of them-
elves." 

A u ual, CSD demonstrated 
its -trength in the field event and 
was led by multi-event national 
qualifier Scott Sargeant, who won 
the hammer throw with a to s of 
199' 9" and placed second in the 
di cus with a 158' 7" effort. 

Cogbill al 0 made hi pre ence 
felt for UCS D, as he qualified for 
the national meet in the hammer 
throwwithato sof 173' 0", which 
placed him seventh overall at Riv-
er ide. 

The Triton ' field prowes 
didn't end there, however, as Paul 
Johnson won the pole vault with a 
jump of 14'0". 

The UCSD Guardian 

fanCookeal olumed ina6' 6" 
effort in the high jump, extending 
his streak of 6' 6" or better jumps 
10 three straight meets. 

"The national qualifying height 
is 6' 93/4" but I think Jan still has 
a decent hot at qualifying," 
Stanforth said. 

"He' really sure of himself now 
at that height [6' 6"]." 

Stanforth al 0 sung the praises 
ofsprinLerEmestClark, who placed 
third in both the 200 and 400 meters 
with time of 23.00 and 49.40, 
re pectively, and ran a ub-49 leg 
for the Tritons' 4x400 relay tearn, 
which placed fifth in a time of 
3:26.5. 

" He' running really well right 
now and I wouldn't be surprised if 
he qualifie [for nationals) in one 

of hi ' event ," Stanforth om-
mented. 

The competition on the 
women' side w n't 0 nff, as 
theTnton managedto"dominate" 
the meet according to Stanforlh, 
de pite the fa t that t ndout 
sprinte r Erica Washington and A11-
American hot putter Shannon 
Quigley didn't compete. 

UCSD finished in the top four 
in every event, including fITSt -place 
fini hes by Yvette Marzullo in the 
400 meters (59.88), the 4x 100 
meter relay team (50.39), Diane 
Fritz in the 100 meter hurdles 
(16,04), and Bobbie Octavo in the 
javelin ( 129' 3"). 

Stanforth was especially 
pleased with the showing put in by 
his trio of 400 meter hurdlers -

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program. 

Monday, April 8 1991 

Jenlfer Jagielki, icki Dunckley, 
nd Diane Keller - who placed 

one-two-three in the event with 
times of 66.3 ,67.40, nJ 67.60, 
re pectively. 

The three were ul 0 u part of the 
4x400 meter relay team which 
pia ed secondinatimeof4:09.7 1. 

A fara nationals go Stanforth 
thinks his Tritons have a good 
number of qualifiers for this early 
in the season, and he is confident 
that more will be added as the 
eason progres e . 

" Right now we have eight [na-
tional) qualifiers on the women's 
side and two for themen," Stanforth 
aid. 

" I hope we can get those num-
bers up 10 II or 12 for the women 
and five or six men." 

Now students can get the Card 48 contiguou tate . And you can fly almost anytime- because there are no blackout dales. But you mu t make your reservations 
within 14 clays of the day you leave. And the maximum stay is and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 

Airlines, for only $l29 or $189 each. 
There's only one way to cover a 10[ ofterriLOry with lit pending 
a lot of m n )~ And that' b gelting the Am rican Expre s Card. 
It' the only card that offer an eXCiting new travel program 
exclu ively for tudents- including three roundtrip certificates on 
Continental Airline . 

JU t look at [he map and pick the place youCi like 
to vi it. If it ' on your ide of the Mis i sippi River, you 
can u e a certificate to fly for only $129 roundtrip. Or, 
you can cro the Mi i ippi for $1 9 roundtrip. 

You have you r pi k of more than 150 citie in the 

7 day /6 night and mu t include a Saturday night. 
In addition to thi great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 

the benefits of Card membership as well as other exclusive student 
privileges. They in lude a quarterly magaZine filled with informa· 
tive article on 'ummer job, careers, campus life. Plu valuable 
di c unt from leading retailers. 

But remember there's only one way to get all this- and that's 
by getling the Ameri an Express card.Ju l call u (have your bank 

add re and account number on hand). What's more, 
with our , pecial tudent offer, it' easier to getlhe 
Card now while you're still in school [han it may 
ever be again. 

o gerth Card. And getready to cover new 
territory on eit her ide of our Great Continental Divide. 

Membership Has lIs Pnl'lJege . 

CAI414 1-800-942-AMEX 
If you 're already a Cardml1mb<tr. lberes I/O lIeed to call "iformattoll aiJolit )"c)//r cerltji aleS ryflllw arr/I'iI'8 500 11 • CONTINR4TAL 

Monday, April 8, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 25 

CREW 
Continued from page 32 

The UCSD women's crew boat 
advanced to the final , where it 
placed sixth out of 10 team. USC 
won the Cal Cup. 

Tritons Knock Off Claremont 
After beginning thi ea on 0-

3, women's Head Coach Jack 
Vallerga de cribed the Tritons' 
perfonnance at the C1as ic as "en-
couraging" and a confidence boo t 
for the team. 

"We had rowed poorly in our 
March races," Vallerga said. "We 
proved that we were clo er in time 
to USC and Long Beach State [two 
topSouthem California teams) than 
we thought ." 

Vallerga noted, though, that the 
team needed to improve in everal 
specific technical area. 

"We need to row two troke 
per minute faster in the body of the 
race:' he said. 

"And in the last 250metersprint, 
we've got to go about three strokes 
per minute faster. 

"We have reason forconfidence. 
This weekend's races howed that 
we are getting faster. We're feel -
ing okay about the team's pros-

BITS 
Continued from page 32 
to be ready to drop out of college 
because of the new NCAA rule 
limiting practice time, demonstrate 
once again that not everyone is in 
college to get an education. 

·Uyou said it once, you've said 
it a thou and times ... Diego 
Maradona is stupid. 

• Eitherthe collective San Fran-
cisco 4gers coaching staff and front 
office ha had a lobotomy, or Al 
Davis is getting a lemon (or two). 

Speakingofthe4gers, has Eddie 

w. TENNIS 
Continued from page 32 

In singles competition, Robyn 
Inaba defeated Occidental's Maro 
Najarian 6-1 , 6-1 at number one 
singles. LaPlante noted that Inaba 
had a good match against an op-
ponent who has played in the 
NCAA tournament as an iQdi-
vidual. "[Inaba) played real ag-
gressive," LaPlante said. 

At number two singles, Carla 
Nichols dropped her first set to 
Stacy Harris 4-6, but then won the 
next two sets 6-1, 6-1. "She came 
back and played the best tennis 
she's played in the last two or three 
weeks," LaPlante said. 

Brian MorrlSlGuardlan 
The UCSO women placed sixth 
out of 10 in the Cal Cup finals. 

pects, but aren't satisfied yet with 
our perfonnance." 

Last year, the Triton women 
did not make the final -, but still 
proved to be the most succes ful 
crew team in chool history. 

Bo ton University fini shed first 
in the final of the Whittier Cup on 
Sunday, with UCLA placing sec-
ond. Washington State took home 
the Vi itors Cup. 

The UCSD women ' novice 
crew tearn placed fourth out of six 
teams in its heat of the Collegiate 
Cup and did not qualify for the 
finals . 

DeBartolo asked you if you want to 
trade for Steve Young? 

• Depending on whether he 
wants to win now or later, look for 
Golden State Warriors Head Coach 
and GM Don Nelson to try and 
package power forward Tyrone Hill 
and his three first-round picks to 
get the number one pick in the 
draft. 

The reason: Wooden award-
winner Larry Johnson. The hitch i 
Nelon ha proclaimed his undy-
ing admiration for Shaq uille 
O'Neal, and he might want to 
stockpile for the 1992 NBA Draft. 

Janet Whalen defeated Kim 
Black 6-1, 6-3 at the number three 
position. Amanda Lynch and 
Catherine Vim added two more 
victories for UCSD in the number 
four and fi ve positions, respec-
tively.Lyncb blewpastSigny Judd 
6-0, 6-0, while Vim beat Heather 
Hoeschler 6-4, 6-2. 

At number six, Hayden lost by 
default after playing a few initial 
points and straining a ligament in 
her ankle. LaPlante said she hopes 
Hayden will be back for the end of 
the week to play doubles in the 
Pomona-Pitzer match. 

The easy singles victories were 
echoed in the doubles matches 
where UCSD also dominated. 

By Srinath Sanda 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's la ros e 
team's game on Saturday against 
Claremont \Va the Tritons' tirst 
match ince... well since they 
played Claremont about a month 
ago. But a month-long hiatus fr m 
match play and a two-week break 
from practice did not dull the Tri -
tons (6- 1) as they left the field with 
a 9-5 victory over the Stags. 

Claremont got on the board fi rst 
with a goal earl y in the fi r t half, 
but both team appeared tentat i ve, 
particularly on defen e. 

A the haIf progre sed. how-
ever, the Triton offense got 
untracked. 

UCSD scored three unanswered 
goals including two by haron 
Leibowitz, who had three on the 
afternoon to lead the Tritons. 

Behind orne aggres iv e 
checking, UCSD held strong de-
fensively after the initial goal, and 
allowed only one more goal before 
the half. 

Anyhow (sounds like Darla 
Carvey doing Regis Philbin), give 
Nelson a big man to go along wilh 
Hardaway-Richmond-Mullin and 
everyone from Peter Vescey to 
Peter Parker will jump on the 
Warrior bandwagon. 

• The only thing those neato 
cameras on the helmets of WLAF 
quarterbacks show is thaI centers 
have really big butts. 

• It 's kind of hard to picture 
George Foreman getting knocked 
out. But it's even harder to picture 
him winning. Looks like a TKO. 

• Jerry Tarkanian? Yikes. 

"Really, everyone had a good 
day," LaPlante said. "Overall, we 
have tronger players," she said. 
"We have more depth." 

Inaba and Whalen defeated 
Najarian and Black in the number 
one doubles match 6-0, 6-2. 

Nichols replaced Hayden at the 
number two position with team-
mate Lynch, and despite the un-
usual partnership, the Triton pair 
beat the team of Harris and Judd 6-
2,7-5. In the number three match, 
UCSD's Yim and Nicole House 
defeated Hoeschler and Hammes 
6-0,6-2. 

" It wasn't very exciting," 
LaPlante admitted. "They weren't 
that strong." 

Rlmas UzglriSlGuBrdian 
Left attack wing Janny Chai-
yavel makes a catch in traffic 
during UCSO's 9-5 win. 

"I really feel we played as a 
team with no weak linh. Our of-
fense, defen e, and midfield played 
very well ," ssistant Coach Megan 
Ring said. 

Ball control and strong defense 
continued to be thckcy to UCSD's 
success as Claremont fell behind 
8-3 midway through the econd 
half and eemed unable to coordi-

nate its offensive attack. 
Claremont, however, was able 

to add two more goals in the clos-
ing minutes due in parl to a !>tring 
of Triton fouls. 

"We got a little sloppy in the 
end and I think that comes from 
having two weeks off, but ['d till 
like to see my team play aggres-
si vely," Ring commented. 

The victory wa~ a bit surprising 
consideting that the Tritons only 
beat the Stags by tw e, rller in the 
sea on. 

"I think it i~ amazing that we 
came together and played this well 
even though we did not have a lot 
of practice." junior Deekla Mar-

~hall said. 
Marshall had three goals on the 

afternoon. 
Ne t on the c hedule is the 

We tern States Tournament later 
this week at UC Davis. 

According to Ring, the Tritons' 
main competition hould come 
from UC Santa Barbara, the only 
team to beat UCSD th is year. 

Water Polo Places Third 
At UCSB Tournament 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

Som times experience can be 
the best form of education. The 
UCSD women' water polo team 
is hoping that thi can indeed be 
the ca e after placing third at a 
lOurnament hosted by UC Santa 
Barbara. 

De pite the absence of senior 
Christy Parker, the Tritons fini hed 
the tourney with a 3-2 record. 

According to Head Coach 
Denny Harper, the tournament was 
a big step in deciding where he 
needs to go with this year's team, 
and offered a look at some of the 
stiffer competition in the country. 

The defending national cham-
pions faced Stanford in the opener, 
and blew the Cardinal out of the 
water with an 18- 1 swamping. 

On Saturday, UCSD cruised 
past the University of Toronto 13-
6. 

Saturday's second contest 
against host UCSB proved to be 
the first real test for UCSD. 

All-American Kristen Larson 
sat out the contest with the flu, and 
that might have been the di fference 

a the Gauchos, ranked fourth in 
the pre. eason polls, claimed an 8-
6 victory. 

The whirlwind trip through the 
tournament con tinued wi th the 
Triton . thi rd game on Saturday 
against UC Davis, the top-ranked 
team in the nation and the eventual 
tournament winner. 

UCSD fought Davis through 
four overtimes before the Aggies 
prevai led 15-13, handing the Tri-
tons their first loss in over a year. 

UCSD's trip through the tour-
nament came to an end with an I 1-
4 victory over Cal on Sunday. 

UC Santa BarbarJ finished the 
tournament with a 4-1 record, good 
for second place. 

Despite the Gaucho' victory 
over the third-ranked Tritons, and 
higher finish in the tournament, 
the rankings are not expected to 
change. 

Harper was extremely plea ed 
with UCSD' play in tht! tourna-
ment: "Santa Barbara and Davis, 
we can definitely beat when we're 
at full strength," he said. 

"All in all, I'm very enthusias-
tic. 

~~ORD ~~~ 
FREE ELECTROLYSIS 

e:, 
• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee , 

, J 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Unde Nick says IiCaffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Comer of 13th & Stratford Court) 

( ,..,'(!(! COllSl/ltalion alld /,IiI/al lroaill/i!/ll 15111111 , $20 Fall/I!, F/rsl-(/II/(J clil!IIts ollly)' 

Eyebrows 

lJpperUp 

Ctin 
Underarms 
Breast 

SIomach 

Fongers 

Legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M",di~al Association 
anprowd lll<:lilods (or prohlem 
cases and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetiC e1e~tlo lysis 
for men and women 

• Female slaff, state lie. tech nid~tns 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
lIIJo/lQ .. ""..,~ Prof~sslo.sl C8ter Behind Elepba/ll Bar 
8950 Villa /AJoIla Dr. Sf(!. 2121 • Expirrs 5/8191 



I . 

26 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTS NOTES 

Ice Hockey Falls in Title Game 5-1 
The UCSD ice hockey team lost 

5·1 to the al Tech Beave in the 
champion~hip match of the Pacifi 
COlli>t Hockey Association to ur-
nament. 

The Tritons fini shed their in-
augural season in the P HA with a 
record of 18-2-2, winning the Di-
vision JJ title. 

" We played really well. We 
were just outskated," Tom Gould 
said. 

Gould . cored the lone Triton 
goal off an assist from Leigh Hsu. 

UCS D Head Coac h Gary 
Andreas i was named the oach 
of the Year for Divi sion [I. 

The PCHA i divided into two 
divi ion. 

Inearlieraction , CSDdefeated 
the USC " B" team 4-3 on Friday 
and knocked off the U LA " B" 
team 6-1 on Saturday. 

The T riton also lost 4-0 to Cal 
Tech on aturday. 

UCSD had defeated Cal Tech 
twice and tied the Beavers o nce in 
regular-sea on action. 

CYCUNG 
At the annual road race and 

cri terium hosted by UCSD th is 
weekend, E ther Davis placed first 
in the women ' c las "An of the 

cri terium. 
DaveDehimy(men· class"A") 

and Kurt Smith (men' class " D") 
placed econd in the road race, 
while Patrick 0 ' eal (men's clas 
" B"), Henry Chang (men' cIa 
"C"), and Clover Ginn (women's 
clas " B") placed econd in the 
criterium. 

(n addition, Richard Banndt re-
corded a third-place fin ish in the 
men' clas "B" of the road race, 
and Mac Humres fini shed third in 
t!lemen'scl "B" ofthe criterium. 

Channing Chen fini shed third 
in the men 's class "C" of the 
c riteri um. 

Men's Lacrosse Silent After 16-15 Loss~ 
By Andy Gayton 
Staff Writer 

The C D men' ~ lacrosse team 
fell ra ther gracelessly to an' Di-
ego State 16-15 l a~ t S,lturday af-
tern n. bringing its record to a 
sluggish 8-7. 

Asked ( 0 comment n the close 
defe .. t, Coach Bob McLeod ~a id 
he had nothi ng to say. 

And what was there to say? 
1 (ow can you explain a blown 14-
10 lead at the beginni ng of the last 
quuner? Was it Triton verconfi -
den e that let the ztec~ pound in 
six unanswered g ab? 

1aybe it finally t:curcd to the 
Aztet: offcn.,e that with two min-

ute to play. they might actually 
10 e. spurring a rather desperate -
and ucces~ful - comeback. 

Juan Millan. who led UCSD 
wi th four goals and three as i ~ t , 
did lead a temp rary comeback-
of one goal. 

Or maybe in the end. it was just 
Old Man Timc '~ faull. Thc Aztec 
took the ball at face-off and simply 
he ld it until the final whistle blew. 
wi th Tritons making little more 
than a tOken cffort to ~tea l it back. 

Warren Beales, Chri Hodge, 
Ed heng. and ven Hay nie netted 
two gO'l ls each. Elfa Fclker. Lee 
Caner. and Jake ALevedo added 
one aplccc. 

Rimas Uzgiri5lGuardian 
Juan Millan led the Tritons with 
four goals and three assists, 
but UCSD blew a 14-10 lead. 

Third College and the UCSD Bookstore 

cordially invite you to a reception 
t> honoring the publication of: ........,..-~ 

rrliira Co{{ege 
ry wentietli .f2lnniversary 13001( 

Friday , April 12 Noon - 1 :30 p.m. 
UCSD Bookstore Foyer 

Autographing by Bob Dorn & contributing students 

-- II K::il I 
I : . "" • I I II 'I 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 32 
which was earned, scaltering ix 
hit and three walk. Sophomore 
Kevin Hathaway took to the mound 
in the sixth to secure the wi n. 

UCSD, de pite being tested 
early by the Menlo offensive attack, 
kept it momentum alive in the 
econd game, winning thenighlcap 

12-4. 
Senior Rich Tomoloni tarted 

on the mound for the Tritons, but 
was roughed up for four runs on 
nine hits in two and one-third in-
nings. 

Sophomore Ryan Flanagan 
came out of the bullpen to relieve 
Tomolonis in the third. 

Hanagan (3-3) dealt five and 
two-thirds scoreless innings, al-
lowing just four hit and two walks 
to earn his third victory of the 
eason. 

Second baseman Erikk Aldridge 
haunted the Oaks (8- 18) in th is 
game, banging out fo ur of the 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 32 
Harnack had the lone RBI in the 
nightcap. 

"We played them real tight. we 
just couldn' t hold on at the end," 
Head Coach Meli ssa Jarrell said. 
''They were a good learn , but obvi-
ously we didn' t playas well as we 
could have." 

Despite the 10 ses 10 the Mu -
tang (ranked 10th in Divi ion II), 
Jarrell remains optimistic for the 
remainder of the sea on. 

"The nex t two weeks are cru-

• 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

Brian MorrisiGuBldian 
Erikk Aldridge went 4 for 4, with 
two runs scored, one RBI, and 
four stolen bases in the second 
game of Saturday's sweep. 
Tritons' 11 hits. 

Aldridge, in addition to his per-
fect day at the plate, scored two 
runs, had one RBI, and stole four 
bases. 

cia!. every team we play is Div i-
ion II. 

"When it comes to lhe playoffs, 
they ' ll look at who we 've played 
more than our record," she said . 

"We 've beaten all of our Divi-
sion III opponents, so we' re col-
lec ting power points aga inst all of 
these Divi ion [( teams." 

The T ritons, currently ranked 
second in the West Region, will 
playa makeup game against CSU 
Dominguez Hill s on Tuesday be-
fore hosting a tournament next 
weekend wit h BYU, Claremont, 
and USD. 

AN EVENING WITH 
THICH NHAT HANH 

Vietnamese Zen Master and 
Nobel Peace Prize Nominee 

FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 7:30 P.M. 
U(SD, LA JOLLA 

SMAU BALLROOM, PRla CEmR 
Enter by Gilman Drive and ask at information booth. 

Free Admissioll . t> 
534-READ 

For further information, contact Dr. Xuong Nguyen (619)534-2501 
Sponsored by the Social Samee Program of ReOJtUe CoUege , UCSD 

Wheelchair Accessible 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 

~ BASEBALl 
,. 11-15/ swept Menlo 16-6, 12-4 

~ SOFTBAlL 
,. 13-10/swept by Cal Poly San Luis Obispo 

~ MEN'S TENNIS 
,. &a/next match April 12 at Claremont 

~ WOMEN'S TENNIS 
,. 94/Hayden strained ligaments in her ankle 

~ WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
,. 7-2/went 3-2 in tournament at UC Santa Barbara 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SPORTS 

Date Event 

Apr. 8 Golf at Pomona 
Apr. 9 Baseball v. Redlands 
Apr. 10 Golf at La Verne 
Apr. 11 Baseball 

at Southern California Coli e 
W. Tennis v. Colorado College 

Apr. 12 Golf v. La Verne 
Softball : UCSD Triton Tournament 
M. TenniS at Claremont 
W. Tenn is at Pornona-Pitzer 

Apr. 13 W. Water Polo at SDSU Tournament 
Softball: UCSD Triton Tournament 
M. Tennis at Pomona-Pitzer 
W. Tennis at Claremont 
Track and Field: UCSD Invitational 
Women 's Crew: 
San Diego City Championships 

Apr. 14 W. Water Polo at SDSU Tournament 
Men's Crew: 
San Diego City Championships 

Apr. 15 Golf at Loyola Marymount 
Apr. 16 W. Tennis v. Pt. Lorna 

Baseball at CSU Dominguez Hills 
Softball v. CSU Dominguez Hills 

Apr. 17 Golf at Pt. Lorna Invitational 

XTRAMURAL SPORTS 

Apr. 12 W. Lacrosse at UC Davis 
Apr. 13 W. Lacrosse at UC Davis 

M. Lacrosse at Claremont 
Ultimate Disc at UCLA 

Apr. 14 W. Lacrosse at UC Davis 

TIme 

1:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 

1:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
TBA 
2:00 p.m. 
2:00 p.m. 
all da 
TBA 
9:00 a.m. 
9:00 a.m. 
9:30 a.m. 

7:00 a.m. 
ali day 

7:00 a.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
2:30 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
all day 

TIme 

TBA 
TBA 
1:00 p.m. 
10:00 a.m. 
TBA 

BEING-FIT~ 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

Offer explres 4/22/91 

-AEROBICS • NAUTILUS 
-FREE WEIGHTS -UFECYCLES 
-STAIRMASTERS -REEBOK STEPS 

-PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
• 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Cknmont Square ShoppIng Center 

(Near lee Wads, behnct Pat's Sport) 
483-9294 

aso located near SDSU (698-1702) 

The U CSD Guardian SPORTS 27 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

Briln Morris/Guardian 
The UCSD men's crew is looking to the future after 
placing third in the finals of the Cal Cup at the Classic. 

" Marriage to a professionat athlete isn't what ir s 
c racked up to be. Helen. Donatd is all action on the 
foot bali tabte . but once he gets home - Pllffft! -

GOLF 
RESUlTS 
_w_ 
.. iii c.,.. c.., a., """"-Porn.,»lY ... T __ (31_~ 
L uatGoid) 606 
2. Grnlt.¥>o~ 621 
1 WlBeacnS. 627 
' . ua (BU.I 633 
S. CSU_ 619 
6. 1.0\0II........... 6<7 
7. CSUSin~ 656 
8. Col St .. Dornrpl "'h 660 
t. UC5D III 
10. usa 66S 
11. VCR 678 
12. _ 681 
13. Fort IaN NIl..... 681 
II. CoIllitnI 110 
15. Q\apMl 76< 

--
L lyle _ . ua Gold. l~ 72-148 """ rot pI.,.tf 
hoIe~ 2. _1icIodpki. UCI Gold. 7~7l-148: 1 Mel 
Cruz . ua lll.e .l~I6-152:I. MM~uaGold. l~ 
n-lSJ; s. OM! Hl.ldIIrO. WI ifacn SW. 8()11-

BASEBALL 
RESOlTS 

UCSOI6._6 UCS012._" 
UCSOll_' 
omt CcIIep 01_ I. UCSO 1 

SPORTSLISTS 

154: Jef HoI. CSU_. 7616-1S1:1. Aod ....... 
~ BeICll Sial •. 14,11-155: 8. Ketfl !MI_. CSU 
-..... 72~lS6; 101'/ Maftft. GmI t.¥>o. 8() 
16-156: JoIY1 _ . GmI Cor¥>n. 168()-156. UCSO 
r.wor.- 33. ...., ..,.. UCSO. Il08l-161: Bob 
1ie)oIson. UCSO. 81-83-1&4: 40. DMI_ UCSO. 
11081- 161: !iO. M<G SioIIfm. UCSO, ~11t: Dole 
-. UCSO. 81~I1L 

SOFTBALL 
RESULTS 

CSU Sin U.s 0Ir0p0 3. OCSO I 
csu Sin Lurs ~ 2. OCSO I 
UCSO 8. Qw\st CoIop ~ _ 3 
0Y1Il COllege "'_ 6. !.(SO • 

W. WATER POLO 
RESULTS 

UCSO II. uc --" 
uc Dovrs 15 , ucso Il l' OT) 
UCSB 8. UCS06 
UCSOIl~~T ..... 6 
UCS08.SUnIonII 

W. LACROSSE 
RESULTS 

UCSO 9. Clar!maft 1 

he just sits there and waits to be twirled ." 

TRACK & FIELD 
RESULTS 
_r ..... o.c 
AtUC _ 

.... ,_, (UCSO A-. 00Iy1: 
OtSCUS- 2. Scott s. ... 158'1" (""~l _lR 

THROW- L SCO.S"O .... I99'9· t ...... ' I: 7.PIIICcicboII. 
113'0" . POLl VAUlI - l PoJ JoIlnSon. 14'()" (OPOOl 
HIGH AlMP- 9 I.., Cu<Io, 6·S· ''''''I. 400 METlR;" 3 
Emo .. C1 ..... . 19.4O t "'to~ lJrnMoort. SL61 "". 3).1 
PIII_. S17SIroce3).ImNETERS - L ....... '''''' 
1:56.1S I"" 31: 5. RnII"lqO. 2:02.94 1"" 31: 1 John 
_ . 20.LlII_ 'l 400 "mR HUROtES- l ~ 
... -.. 56.IS Iroce 2). lXIO SI£EPUCH4S€ - • ......, 
Sww.1D:l9.7 ["".1 500) NETERS - 2. Roi<r WobII. 
15:32 2t'''' 21: ' . SlnlGo)M. IS:4L3 (rae. 21: S ...... 
CIU1.15:51.1lract 2l 10. SIM Saatjron. I~ 6,,,,,, 
2). 11400 wmR REU'- I. OCSO. 3:26.S '_I. 200 
METER5- l £JroSI c..... tucSOl 210. 
W_',I_tUCSD _...,~ 

lOf(lIUt.f'- 4. Don rru. 16'8. 75- liMIol iIIGH 
__ 2. S<Ml Ctrnsty. S'I ' """l 200 M£TUIS -l 
.""'Ie "~. 26,931 .... 1.400 II£T[R5- I. Y1OI~ 
w.-n;b. S9 88 1_ 21400 IElUt HUROlES-1._ 
Ja& .... 1:06.381"" .. ~1 Vdrillllckloy . lOl.IO I"'''~ 
1 Con "'"" , L1l160 I_ I. 800 MmRS - 2 ~ ... 

~ 2:28.96 100 Ji. 100 M£TERS- 1 """'lie 

CYCLING 
RESULtS 

M ..... Il98I_I •• x lOOMETlRRElA' - L UCSO. 
SO.l9I .... l l00WETER HI.II!lES-l o.re FrtL 16.01 
t"'''l IIIOOM(lER RElAY -2. UCSO. ' .09 71 t .... l 
I500METERS-l Kate ~ ..... 5:09.051"""21 JOO) 
MET£RS-l"", .. M<FIjOItI. 10·2' 11""" l OiSCl.&-
l ilebtl. H_. 135·. ·1 .... 1. S ~.ltoaI. 125'3". 
SHOI PUT - I. hi l""". 35' II'. JAVWN - I. _ 
OCtiM. 129'3" 1"'''1 
. .... 1 .. NCAA QU.lI/yt"C ...... 

W. TENNIS 
RESULTS 

UCIIII._l 

$lMiUS. U\acoIUCSOJd~10.~1. 61 , ol ; 1 
""""" IUCSOI d H;rr$ 10"1"1. ~. &1. H 1 w"*,, 
IUCSOI <I. B1"k (0,,1. 61. 03. I. l""" IUCSDI <I. !Ail 

Io.~. &0, 60: S. Ym iUCSOI <l.1Ioe_lo.,). B-1. 62: 6. 
_. 10."1"1 <I. Hayden (UCSOI. '" ~taiJl. 

1lOU8lES. L -;W""" iUCSOI <I. Ni!WnjBlack 
Io.~. &0. &2: 2. Lyrdl/ Nd'aIH IUCSO) d. Hilm/!Ail 
10qi.&2.1S.l Ym/ ........ IUCSO) <l.IIoe_{Hanmes 
10qi. &0. 62. 

ICE HOCKEY 
RESULTS 

UCSD BIIebaII Head CoIch Lyle Yates 
UC5ll _ _ 

PaclIc eNSt """'" Associotloo ,_ 
~"-c..r ReconIIt UCSD 

y- ~ "-taC-
1990 19-17-2 .500 
1989 23-19 .548 
1988 25-12 .676 
1987 32·13 .711 
1986 23-19-1 .547 
1985 24-27-1 .471 
1984 29-31 .487 
1983 11-30 .268 
1982 2().28 .417 Lyle Yates 

At".., • ..., ... (UCIII _ (011): 
NEIl'S RESULTS: ClASSA- 2. 0.,. DeIwny: a DIll 

CopeIW: 11. MNc ~ IS. o.nr.s o.w.on. ClASS 
B - l_s.ncl:'. PaInd<O'NeJj:6. Jacob W~; 8. 
woe HtnItSS. ClASS 0 - 2. M SniV1 

WI)M(H'S REStJlT5: ClASS A - 7. Cindj 1lal1I'OwS; 9. 
_ Driny. CLlSS 8 - •. CIc>e Gm. 

AtUCSO - Crtt_ 
.EKS RESUlTS: ClASS A - 2. OM DeIwny: S. DIll 

Copeio'It 6. "" WWlun. ClASS B-2. P ..... O'Ne.: 
1 htac lu.r.s~ 6. 0I0rIts _10. Jaoob WaIU. ClASS 
C - 2. Honty Ctorc: l CI\nwt """: ' . N.1I.. ~ 

W!JMUfS RES\A.I5:ClASSA- L E5Iner 0 ..... ClASS 
6- 2. CIc>e Gim; 8. KMen Coaot. 

Cal 10<115 UCSO I 

RIMIOd.ftobln PiIr 
Col TodI4 UCSOO 
UCSOS UCi.lTI 
UCSO' USCT 3 

M. LACROSSE 
RESULtS 

SOSU 16. OCSO IS 

p •••••••••••••••••••• r---
I 
I 
• • 

UCSD SPECIAL! 
" ... a warm, party ......-J • 

As us,"" • .,j 
fill (eapul atmosphere ... for ~b I 

!MIMI! serious pizza eaters ... " ;[.~/i.~ • 
Y--- DOCI!II :,.o-1 .~~~,1 I 19""" Jack While. ChanneJ 10 '~ 

....,.., rataurant c ritic • 
M-"'''~- I 
f·Saf. "GIll-10m Tired oifthe same ot ' cardboard p izza? I 
SufI. ,,:3OCIIII-Mid I 

<\'----.::-==--' Call BJ'S j or gOUrrYl:et quality . I 
• r-----------r----------~ I i : $I!!!! : $2!!:!!: i 
I I 1'icweJm'S<mt coupcm uben orrkrlng. I P/ease fJrl'm11 coupon wIxm ordering. I I 
I L __ 8]'5 PIzzeria, IAJoIIa ___ L __ 8]'. PIzzma, ~Jo~ _ -.J I 
II I I 8873vWa LaJoUa Dr. LaJolla V{{/ageCenter 455·0662 I 
I UCSD 's original Pizzeria is still Ibe best! £xpIrfIS 4122/91 : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



< ' 

28 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Fre. H .. llh Ind Fltnell Fair , 
Wednesday. April 10, 11 l.m.·2 p.m, 
PrIc:t Center PIazI. More Information: 
534-3874, (411-418) 

Join Aolnagl Karate·Do and learn a 
traditional martial art from Okinawa. 
Beginner's dasses are T· Th from S-7 In 
the Main Gym Fitness Room starting 
April 9. Man 565-4535 for Info. See you 
there! (4/4-4/11) 

Eric Johnson - Tommy Taylor - Kyle 
Brock in Concert April 12, 6th row center 
seats. Alex 457·1319. (4/6) 

Come loin the ·Carribean Castaways" 
at the Warren College seml·formal! It 
will be held on Friday, April 19 from 9 
p .m. - 1 a .m. at the Downtown 
Ramada. Tickets are on sale for ONLY 
$10/person at the Price Center Box 
Office. Don't miss outll (4/6 ·4115) 

Nelson and House of Lords in concert 
April 12th, 5th row seats $42 o.b.o. AI 
457·1319. (418·4/11) 
Neil Young & Crazy Horse on April 
23rd. 1st row Lower Level seats. Call 
Jay 457·1319. (4/6·4/11 ) 

MUSIC MAJORS needed for music 
appreciation study. Involves listening 
to and rating various music selections. 
Pays $5.00 for 45 minutes. Call Mitdn at 
457·0239. (4/6-4116) 
International House is a great cross· 
cultural living opportunity! Applications 
available at Pepper Canyon & I. Center 
(Jrs., Srs., Grads). Due April 22. Call 
534·2261 with questions. (4/6·4/11 ) 
The A.S.lntemlhlp Office is open I Find 
out about summer and fall opportunities 
in San Diego, California and 
Nationally l Come to our 3rd floor Price 
Center office now or call 534-4689! (41 
8·4111) 
Graduating? Only 69 days till you wear 
that funny gown. Parents coming? 
Don't even think of another hotel till you 
call the La Jolla Cove Motel. 170 Beau· 
tiful rooms, wild night· life of Prospect 
St. in your backyard, world class beauty 
of ihe Cove" out your front balcony. 
Expensive? Not. $44.00 UCSD special. 
Obviously, these rooms will go fast. Irs 
not too early, call 459·2621 or toll free 
(600) 248·COVE. (4/8·4125) 

A.S .. lnternship Info Night: April 17th, 6· 
7 p.m" Cove Rooml Price Center, or 
call 534-4669 now. (4/6,4/15) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student Discounts . 556·4644/226· 
1962. (4/1·6/6) 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vonsl 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(NelCt to Pizza Hutl 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPr. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAlLA8l.E 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in J 5 -word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
STudents (jor personal use only), $3for /acultyand staff. and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; lhere/ore. ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or preseflled in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093·0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

PASSPORT PICTURES II New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait . 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germains. 
452·9949. (1122·616) 
Mosquito Auto Repelr. Sublru & 
Hondas. By Ippolntment. Best rites 
In North County. Profesllonal 15 
y .. rl. 758-2332. (2121-4111) 
UPHOLSTERY BY GALE. BOlts, 
Furniture, CUlhlons, Piliowi. 
Reasonable rites. Oceanside 758-
2332.(2121-4111 ) 
Word Processing - Student papers & 
resumes. Rush okay. Experienced. 
Student pricing. Call InpuVOutput at 
587·0080. (2126·4111 ) 
Professional Word Processing by 
SCRIBES. Papers . d issertations, 
manuscripts, research Lowest rates -
Pickup/Deli ... ery 226·6595. (3/4·4/15) 
WHAT NOW? Have you been injured 
in a car accident or at work? Do you 
need legal help? The Law oHices of 
Georggin and Shann can help you. For 
more information call 552·01 01, or see 
the ad in teday's Guardian. (3/14-4/11) 
DISSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. For information call 
Post Graduate Group, 985-0426. (4/1· 
616) 
BIOTECHNOLOGY DIRECTORY. A 
must for job seekers. 1991 listing of 
150+ California companies including 
milling libels. Send $13.38 (includes 
tax) to A.Gee Associates, 7770 Regents 
Rd . • 113·525, S.D., CA. 92122 or call 
453·6263 . (4/6·4/1 8) 
Word Processing : Term papers, 
resumes, dissertations, RUSH JOBS. 
(20 y&"rs) 453·0656 (leave message; 
promptly answered). (4/8) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
processing , reports, speeches, 
dissertations , manuscripts , pre · 
sentations. Experienced. Laser. Student 
RatesI753·5964. (416) 

WANTED 
Now hiring qualified managers, dri ... ers, 
telephone operators, and kitchen help, 
for new home deli ... ery restaurant in La 
Jolla. In search of ambitious, success 
oriented, team members. Great 
opportunity . 457·8646. (4/1·4111) 

NIed Cash? We deliver I Domino's 
ptzu is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. If you are 
18yearsold, have a ... a1id drivers license, 
auto insurance, an excellent driving 
record, and access to a car, you can : 
Eam up to $1 01 hr. (total comp.) Enjoy 
the freedom of being on the road, WOf1( 
flexible hours . APPLY TODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
CI. 452·UCSD. Please apply after 3 
p.m. (111 0·616) 

Tired of low wages and long hours? Do 
you want to earn more? (619) 758· 
4602. (214-4125) 

I need 200 people deSiring wealth 
without the corporate rat race . Ca1l271· 
4940 for information. 271·4940 (217·5/ 
2) 

SUMMER IN THE ROCKIES. All 
positions a ... ailable at The Holiday Inn 
Resort and Estes Park Conference 
Center. Contact Debbie, Holiday Inn, 
P.O. Box 1468, Estes Park. Colorado, 
60517. (411·4111) 

CAMP COUNSELORS NEEDED FOR 
CO· ED, SPORTS ORIENTED CAMP 
located in northeastern Pa., near New 
York City. CAMP WEEQUAHIC has 
openings in the following specialty 
areas: tennis, lacrosse, hockey, soccer, 
baseball (softball), basketball, 
...olleyball, Irack, archery, WSI , sailing, 
sculling , water polo, windsurfing, 
gymnastics, wrestling, dance, radio, 
rocketery, crafts, and pioneering . 
Interest in living and working with 
children more important than prior 
experience. Salaries $100·$200 per 
week plus room, board, and travel. We 
will be conducting on·campus interviews 
on April 16th. For information call or 
write: G. Lustig, 60 W. 66th St., 28A, 
New York, N.Y. 10023; tel N212·724· 
0113. (4/1-4/8) 

Camp Canadensis counselors wanted . 
Boys and girls camp in the Pocono 
Mountains of Pennsylvania. Hiring for 
summer season 6120 thru 8116. All 
sports, pools, tennis, drama, video etc. 
Call 215·572·6222. (4/1·4/6) 

GuitarisUsinger for band. Inlluences 
Goo Goo Dolls, Soul Asylum, Social 
Distortion. 270·3817. (416) 

FAT BURNING WEIGHT LOSS 
CooKIEI Sales of this product are well 
beyond our company's expectations. 
We need your help to keep up with the 
demand (earnings S25K·250K per 
year). Call now to schedule your 
appointment and recie ... e your FREE 
Fat Burning Weight Loss Cookie 
sample. Nutrition Needs, 669-8600. (41 
1-4111) 
Ideal job for college students I Rexibte 
scheduling I 57/hr. No experience 
necessary. Pacific Group, one of the 
nation's leading teie-fundraising firms, 
seeks responsible , motivated 
individuals to join our calling staff. 563· 
2000. (411-4/11) 

College Pro Pelnter. - North 
Amerlce'. lergest student house 
pelntlng company Is now _ptlng 
appllC8tlone for summer manage-
mant Internlhipl. Succeslful 
applicants will receive extenllve 
training, Ind glln vlluable man· 
agement experience. Average 
summer earnlngl range from $8000 
to $12,000. Braoches ere filling fest 
so oct now. Call College Pro Pal"tere 
todlY, 1-800-882·2762. (411-4111) 

Need 3 energetic and exciting people to 
WOf1(parVluli time training and managing 
others in national marketing firm. NO 
EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. For 
appointment call Charles at 488·6177 
or 457·2980. (411·4111) 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT-
nlherlel. Earn $5.000+lmonth. Free 
transportation I Room end Boardl 
Over 8.000 openlngl. No experience 
necessary. Mele or Femele. For 68· 
page employment manual, send $8.95 
to M&L Research, Box B4006, Seattle, 
WA 96124 -%100 moneyback 
guaranlee.( 4/4·4129) 

Wanted : subjects from southern Boston 
needed for music perception 
experiment. No music experience 
necessary. $l0/h0ur. Call 558-1385. 
(4/6-4115) 

Wanted: A volunteer to ... ideotape 
SPRING INTO ACTION, Saturday April 
20th. Over 300 college ... olunteers at 20 
different project sites in San Diego 
County. Call Leslie , Volunteer 
Connection, 534·1414. (4/8·4115) 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

Drivers - 2 needed to drive emergency 
road service vehides 6·9 a.m. M·F. 
Must be 21 and have clean driving 
record. Rate S6.SOlhour. Call CliHTabor 
at 670-7601 if Interested. (4/8-4111) 

Political consulting firm In La Jolla needs 
a part time secretaryl receptionist. 
Approx 20·25 hours a week. Typing 
and phone answering call 457·1363, 
Eric . (418) 

Excellent opportunity, investment firm 
Smith Barney Downtown 
Telemarketing. Part·time call Nancy 
544-6535. (418-4111) 

Earn 51001 Need healthy right·handed 
Caucasian males ages 18-28 for astudy 
of the eyeblink reflex. Study requires 3 
weekday visits 10 UCSD Medical Center. 
Call 543-2496 for information. (4/8) 

FOR SALE 
Apple lie oomputer, lots of software: 
word-processing, spreadsheel, games. 
Great for students, $450. 552·0532. (3/ 
11-418) 

1985 Kawasaki Ninja 600R, 17.5K 
miles, Immac. condition, custom red 
paint, includes helmet, lock, aftermarket 
exhaust, and extra fairings. Recently 
serviced. Must sell, $2000/0b0. Call 
Antony, 567·6657. (411-4/11) 

I NEED TO EAT (end I need bul 
money). 22.5 MEDICI PRO STRADA 
ALLCAMPY-veryclean ,SGOO. l940s 
Columbia Replica Cruiser Bike, $350. 
Call Jim and lea ... e message, 224-6569. 
(411-4/15) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
a ... ailable from go ... ernment from $1 
without credit check. You repair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CAlL 1· 
605·682·7555 EXT H·1443 for repo list 
your area.(414-4115) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4·wheeters, 
TV's, stereos , furniture, oomputers by 
DEA, FBI, IRS, and US customs. 
Availabe you area now. Call 1·605· 
662-7555 Ext. C-II99.(4/4-4115) 

Futons: New Queen Size with Frame 
$107. Delivery only $15. James 578· 
9527. The Futon Guy. (414·4/8) 
Books for Sale : CSE 175B, 161A, 64, 
Econ 2B. New and Cheap I Contact 
Rick 587·9042.(4/4·4116) 

Futons and special frames, best price 
andqualily, 10 Frame styles, 1 00 Futon 
inventory. 226·1396.(414·4129) 

Computer : Zenith Laptop, 20MB 
harddrive, software (MSDos, Word, PW, 
Desktop PUb.) and carrying case 
induded.Printer:OKIDATAmodeI93u. 
All for only $1200 obo. Please call 259· 
9868.(4/4·4111 ) 

Schwinn Racing Bike, 12 speed, black, 
various improvements, await your bid. 
Phone Marcel at 276·1960. (418-4118) 

Deep PurpialWinger concert, Mayl2th, 
5thl3rd row ftoow. $601$75. David 534· 
2520, Alex 457·1319. (418) 

Savoy House of Lords and NELSON in concert r------------, Aprill2lh. Very good seats $420.b.o. 
,\\) RESTAURANT on . \ iEY ~ s~C\n 00 ~ ~J\ PZ: tit !R 

LUNCH $395 DINNER $595 
Served with egg roll. soup, fried rice. 

tea and fortune cookies 
Kung Pao Chicken or Beef #~ ~ l:p i~ 
Beef with Broccoli ,ll '~ ~ iR. 
Savoy Lo Mein 
Chef's Shrimp or Beef 

a ~ . .a. @; 
+ ,fI, ,~ ,W , 

Vegetarian's Delight 1t ~ *'~ 
r:
---------------, 

NOMSG ~~~~~~~~~!~!~!~=~ ;=I 
OPEN 7 DAYS LUNCH & DINNER 

4690 Convoy St. , 11107.495-9139 
'--____ Take 52 east, right on Convoy in P1aza Del Sol _____ ... 

Imk~· 
the copy center 

u Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
PKllle lueh 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

AI 457·1319. (418) 
Eric Johnson, Austin's ACE AXEMAN 
Relumsl 6th Row Center Seats $50 
o.b.o . April 121h. Alex 457·1319. (418) 

JONAlHAN'S 
Immediate openings 
for Baggers at La 
Jolla Jonathan's. 
Must be available in 
the A.M . 

Apply in person at: 

Jonathan's 
7611 Fay Avmue 
La Jolla 

EOE 

Monday, April 8, 1991 

Soundstream- DX·l digital crossover 
- $125 o.b.o. Cables also a ... ailable. 
(4/8·4111 ) 

Tandy 1400 Laptop Computer, two 
internal 3.5" disk drives, battery, Tandy 
DMp· 130 printer. $250. 454-6431 . (41 
8·4111) 

Kaypro 2000 Laptop computer, modem 
internal 3.5" disk dri ... e, external 3.5" 
and 5.25" disk drives, battery, carrying 
case, software, Tandy DMP ·200 
printer. All for $350. Call 454·6431 
(Iea ... e message). (416·4/11) 

Sisters of Mercy, Danielle Dax, Lush 
tickets for sate. Sunday April 14 at 
Irvine Meadows. Four tickets , $15 
each. Need to sell l Call Da ... e al 556· 
6145. (4/8·4111) 

Violin late 1800's. Good condition. 
Greatforbeginner, $275,00. Mark270· 
3617. (418) 

Original 512K Macintosh - great 
graphics + wordldata processing. 
External disk drive + numeric key pad. 
567·6220 . (4/6-4/18) 

Phone - Brand new AT&T trimline. 
12# memory, mute, redial , $45. 558· 
1567. Ask for Shane. (4/6) 

Selling 1981 VW Jetta. It needs to be 
worked. Selling it for $400.567·8948 
Brile. (414-4115) 

Scooter - '64 Honda Aero 125cc 
automatic, top speed 55 mph, runs 
great! Asking $590, Patrick 546·8530. 
(4/6·4/16) 

1965 Suzuki GN 125, 5000 miles, ... ery 
good condition. Recently serviced/new 
tires. Very cheap transportation I Must 
sell $400 o.b.o. Call Eric and leave 
message, 270·3827. (4/6) 

Womens pennyloafers, size 8. Brand 
new $50 or best offer. 558·1024 lea ... e 
message. (4/8) 

Surfboard - Barto (Rusty) 6 '3" 
rounded pin occy 3 shape· clean • 
$200, 6'8" Barto rounded pin 6 deep 
channels, clean $260, 6'8" Rusty 
rounded pin brand new $300. CalL 
459·1215. (418·4111) 

Phantom of Ihe Opera tickets. Sat. 
May 11th in L.A. $90 for the pair o .b.o . 
461 ·5291 . (4/8·4111) 

IBM compatible 286-Turbo 12MHz, 
2ser, 2par game 65MB fast-28MS 
Hardrive, 1.2MB floppy, super EGA 
display, 2400B modem, mouse, 
joystick, menus, excellent condition, 
extensi ... e sofware, $1100 must sell, 
Wilkie 558·6474. (4/8-4111) 

Red Honda '89 scooter (SASO) in 
excellent condition . $GOOo.b.o. Parking 
permit included. Carli 455·0261 . (418· 
4115) 

Cute , cuddly puppies for sale. 3/4 
Labrador, 1/4 Cocker-Spaniel $25.00. 
Available now. Call 268·9732. (418-41 
22) 

1986 Suzuki GS550 ES. Full fairing , 
good rubber, Vance and Hines clutch , 
extra new rear tire included. For a test 
drive call 459·1215. (418) 

Laptop: Bodwell 286 w/20MB HD, 1 
meg RAM. $1250.00 Pete, 291-0974. 
(418-4111 ) 

REPOSSESSED VA & HUD HOMES 
available from government from $1 
without credit check. You repair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CALL ,. 
805-682·7555 EXT H·I443 for repo 
list your area.(418) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, TV's, stereos, 
fumllure,oomputersbyDEA, FBI , IRS, 
and US customs. Availabe you area 
now. Call 1·805·682-7555 Ext. C· 
1199.(4I8} 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted: Own room in a 2 
bedroom apartment across from Costa 
Verde. $337/mo plus 112 uti~ties. Call 
Paul, 535·1932. (411-4115) 

Roommate wanted for own 'room in 
Del Mar condo. (3BR· 2 1/2BA) 
Beautiful , Quiet Complex- Pool , 
Jacuzzi , Fireplace, patiO, laundry 
Inside condo, clo .. to shopping and 
freeway. Easy 10 min. to UCSD. Rent 
- $350/mo- No Deposit or lasl mo. 
Required. Call : 259·6997 (Amy or 
Ke ... in) or 481 ·8650 (Tess, Brian , or 
Brenda) Available 311191 . (317·4/15) 

Private room available in nice 4· 
bedroom University City house April 
1 st. Only $345/month (includes utilities 
and laundryll) Great location only 6 
minutes from UCSD. Looking for a 
responsible EZ·going roommate . No 
drugs, smokers or pets. Contact John, 
453· 7159. (411-4/8) 

Roommates wanted. Own room 
available 411 . $225/month , 1 st and 
last. Call Ste ... e, 274·9242. (4/1·4/11) 

Want to make money while you are out 
of town this summer? Renl your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins and McMahon 
in San Diego. Please call Maria Macias 
at 294-2801 , extension 135 for further 
information. (4/1·6/3) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: (F) To share 
larger master bedroom in townhouse 
1.5 miles from UCSD. $250 plus 114 
util. 452·1491 . (4/1·4/11) 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommate Wanted I La Jolla Condo 5 
min from school. Your own room & 
bath & parking space. Washer & dryer, 
sauna, hot, tub, & pool. 2 people 
possible 450/mo + 1/3 utilities. 457· 
8093. Alex. (314·4116) 

Room for rentin 2bed12bath P.B. condo 
complex with rec room, spa, pool, pkng. 
Option; Furnished;Own bath ; Bay ... iew. 
Avai1.4/6. $400 Utillncl. Call 272·3129 
or 459·6162.(4/4·4111 ) 

Room for rent. M/F. Non·smoker. 
Master bedroom In 3 bedroom condo. 
1 1/2 miles from UCSD. $375/mo , 1/3 
utilities. Avail. now. Calli leave 
message. 556-7347. (4/4-4/15) 

Female roomrnates wanted : Own room 
available in 2 story, 4 bedroom Mira 
Mesa house May I . $350/month + 1/4 
utilities. Non·smoker. no drugs. and 
no pets. 271·6349, (4/6·4/29) 

Cardiff Duplex 2 bedroom , 1 bath . 1 
car garage, small yard. West of 1-5. 
Close to beach and shops. Pets 
considered. $700/month + deposit. Call 
nights , weekends 944·9665. (4/6) 

OWN ROOM in 3 bedl2 bath house, wi 
garage , ping'pong , washl dry , 
gardener, furnish ed, 10 min. from 
UCSD. Great landlord, excellent place, 
no smoking. A ... ailable today. $3501 
mo. Cali 274·4139. (4/8·4/11) 

La Jolla: all amenities imaginable: 
piano, pool, nice patio ... great room, 
female , grad/med, call 597·0250. (4/6· 
4122) 

Roommate wanted : (F) share large 
bedroorn , La Jolla colony, $225.251 
mo. + 1/4 utilities. ASAP 458· 1069. (41 
6·4/11 ) 

Room for Rent - Del Mar. One block 
to beach. Fully furnished. Share room. 
$300. 755·9719. (4/8·4/15) 

Quiet. furnished room for male 
graduate student, University City 
Home, private bath , $330/mo. Includes 
utilities. 453·5376. (4/8) 

PERSONALS 
Wanted : Stimulating ( I hope) 
correspondence with bright, brainy, 
interesting women ages 20-35. Write 
Sonny Q .. P.O.Box 389, Iowa City. IA 
52244.(2126·4/ 15) 

NELSON - NELSON - NELSON, 
House 01 Lords. Excellent Seats, April 
12th $420,b.o. CallAI457·1319. (4/6) 

STUDY, WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMERlllnfo session Tuesday, April 
9 1 :30 - 3 p.m. at the International 
Center Lounge.(4/8) 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24e95 

CLASSIFIEDS 29 

Come join the ·Carribean Castaways" 
at the Warren College semi·formaliit 
will be held on Friday, April 19 from 9 
p.m. - 1 a.m. at the Downtown 
Ramada. Tickets are on sale for ONL Y 
$10/person at the Price Center Box 
Office. Don 't miss oulll (418·4115) 

FAT BURNING WEIGHT LOSS 
COOKIEI Sales of this productare well 
beyond our company 's expectations. 
We need your help to keep up with the 
demand (earnings $25K·250K per 
year) . Call now to schedule your 
appointment and recie ... e your FREE 
Fat Burning Weight Loss Cookie 
sample. Nutrition Needs, 689·8600. 
(411 ·4/11 ) 

Hey Carrie · The life from th e eyes of 
a potato chip is short li ... edl (416) 

Alpha Kappa Psi, the coed professional 
business fraternity is ha ... ing 
information tables at the Price Center 
this week. Come by, because when 
opportunity knocks .. . Rush Alpha 
Kappa Psi. (4/1) 

Top 3 least popular traffic schools. 3. 
Crash and Burn Traffic School , 2. Red 
Asphalt Traffic School. 1. The L.A. 
Police Be"3. ... ior Modification Traffic 
School. The #1 most popular traffic 
school is the Highway to Humor Traffic 
School. Dayle ... ening classes, PB or 
Mission Valley, 260·1954. (4/8·4/11) 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! &M 8680 Bring this ad. Offer expires 4115/91. 
Mon.·Fri. 8·5 
Sat. 9·2 549-8233 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

AUTOMOTIVE ucso • 
Only 7 miles from UCSD! Take Miramar Rd,leli on Camino RUlZ, then lell on lJVlbgeDr. 

Miralani Drive, up hill 10 8680 Miralani Dr. Suile #t Ot In back. 

• ,.. .... Ianl 

MI'Im" Rd. 

.L ___________________________________________ ~ 

LOTTERIES ANNOUNCEMENT 
for College 

.. ,. 
Revelle 

for Muir 

4 iU','Ii"'.Ji£,"- Th~d 
Warren 

Fifth 

l.otIe!y Information Meeting loIteryCordDue 

Wednesday, AprillH:30 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:30 p.m. 
Why ot Here? 

Monday, April 8, 8:30 p.m. 
Muir Top of the Quad 

Tuesday, April 9-7:00 p.m. 
Mountain View Lounge 

Friday, April 12, 6:00 p.m. 

Friday, April 12, 4:00 p.m. 

Thursday, April 11 ,-8:00 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 
Warren Commons 

Monday, April 8-9:30 p.m. 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 

Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 

For Delails Coli 

534·3025 

534-4200 

534-4341 

534-4581 

534-2261 ~ 



30 

I • 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 8, 1991 

":ttta,-tl'rtn 
MAKE A DIFFERENCE 

VOTE 
IN THE A.S. ELE TION 

THIS WEEK!! 
YO R ST DENT VOICE 0 TS 

E ants ••• 
A MEETING 

Every Wedne ·day. 6:30 pm 
Price Center, Third Floor Conferen e Room 
All students are welcome to anend. 

EDWA RD ORHANDS 
AS FILM SERlE 
Thursday, April II. 6:30,9:00, 11:30 
Price enter Theatre 
Only 1.00 

PUB HOWCA E 
PROBLEM HI LORE 
aturday. April 13.8:00 pili 

Triton Pub 
U SD tudents 2.00/ General Admi sion 5.00 

WD POLITI AL FILM SERIES 
POWAQQAT I 
Friday. April 12.7:00 pm 
Faustina Soli Hall Room 107 
Free!! 

POP EVENTS 
LAURIE AJ DERSO 
Sunduy. April 14. :00 pm 
Mandeville uditorium 
Students 17.00/ General Admission 19.00 

1.00 more on day of show 

THE FEELIES WITH CHICKA A W MUDPUPPIES 
Monday. April 22. :00 pm 
Triton Pub 
Students $6.00/ General Admission 8.00 
$1.00 more on day of show 

Insi hts .•. 
CORPORATE CULTURE SHOCK AND SEX IN THE 
WORKPLACE DISCUSSION 

Sponsored by Society for Women Engineers 
Wedne day. April 10. 6:00-7:00 pm 
Price Center Gallery B 

THE W A TERPOLO CLUB 
First meeting of lhe quarter 
Saturday, Apri l 13.4:00-6:00 pm at the atatorium 

ew Member welcome 
Old Members be there 

S NEWS FLASHES i produced by the ASUCSD. Use the NEWSFLASHES REQUEST 
to place an advcnisemcnl. Ads arc subject 10 availability of space. Deadline is every Wednesday 
for lhe follOWing Monday paper. Drop off and Pick up of all Newsnashes fonns an: to be done 

the AS Secretary -- Third Floor of lhe Price Center. Contact 534-4450 for more infonnation. 

STUDENTS FOR PRO-CHOICE 
GENERAL MEETING 
Special Guest Lecturer -- Professor Valerie Hanouni 
Tuesday, April 9.7:30 pm 
Gallery B Price Center 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS SPACE APPLICATIONS ARE 
NOW AVAILABLE 

All organization mu t apply/reapply if they want office or torage pace for 
next year. Applications available at EDNA, University Center Office (2nd floor 
Price Center), and Student Organizations Advi or Office 
Due Friday. April 19.4:00 pm at ED A 

UNDERGRADUATE PHYSICS RESEARCH CENTER 
GENERAL MEET LNG FEATURING 
Guest Speaker Dr. R. Lovberg 
Tue day, April 9, 5:00 pm 
3405 Mayer Hall 

WARREN COLLEGE SEMI-FORMAL 
Friday, April 19. 9:00pm-1 :OOam 
Downtown Ramada 
$ 10.00 per person 
Tickets on sale at Box Office 

VOZ FRONTERIZA PRODUCTION MEETING 
Wednesday. April 10. 3:00 pm 
Rm. 211.3 Old Student Center 
"Everyone interested in Chicano or Latin American issues welcome" 

JOHN MUIR FILM -- EARTH DAY EVENT 
Wednesday, April 10,9:00 pm 
Cafe Java (Rathskeller) 

EARTH DAY IS COMING!! 
EARTH DAY FESTIVAL 
Friday. April 19 
Other events throughout the month ! 

GET INVOLVED! BE A PART OF EARTH DAY! 
Meetings every Thursday night at 7:00 pm 
Student Office directly above the Food Co-Op 

LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL ASSOCIATION 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Tuesday, April 19.2:30-4:00 pm 
LGBA Office #206 Student Center A 

ON-SEXIST DANCE 
Saturday. April 13 
9:00 pm- I:OO am 
Che Cafe 

A.S. COMMITTEE POSITIONS OPEN 
Alcohol and Substance Abuse Awareness 
Committee on Post Baccalaureate Opportunities 
Committee on Interdisciplinary Programs 
Apply 3rd floor of the Price Center -- AS Office and see Alma or 
call 534-4450 for infonnation 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
VOLUNTEER EXPO '91 

Friday. April 12, 11:00 am-2:00 pm 
Price Center Plaza 
Over 30 ocial service agencies in San Diego County will attend with 
information on volunteer opportunities for the summer and school year 

SPECIAL OLYMPICS -- TRACK AND FIELD 
Saturday, April 13.8:30 am 
San Diego High School 
For sign ups call Volunteer Connection - 534-1414 

Monday, April 8, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

VOTE 
YOUR STUDENT VOICE COUNTS! ! ! 

BUT WE CAN'T HEAR YOU UNLESS YOU VOTE 

IN THE A.S. ELECTIONS!!! 

APRIL 9th - TUESDAY -
10:00 am to 4:00 pm 
At your respective college: 

Revelle Plaza 
Muir-MOM 
Third - Peterson Hall 
Warren Apartment 

Commons 
Fifth - Pepper Canyon 

Lodge 

APRIL 10th - WEDNESDAY -
10:00 am to 4:00 pm 
At the Gym Steps (all colleges) 
and Price Center Plaza 

(all colleges) 

APRIL 11th - THURSDAY -
10:00 am to 2:00 pm 
At the Gym Steps (all colleges) 
and Price Center Plaza 

(all colleges) 

VOTE 

31 



, / 

\ 1 -

I , 

32 SPORTS 

BITS & PIECES / PETER KO 

Peter Parker, Regis 
Philbin, and Lemons 
J UT A FEW NOTES: • r there ever going to be a baseball ea on that 
open ' without some son of cl ud 
hanging over it? The late t 
controversy to hit ba eball: 
triking umpires (or locked out 

umpire - apparently they can't 
even agree on that). 

The i ue on which the two 
sides disagree the mo t eem to 
be over which umpires will work 
po tseason games, and the 
umpire ' salarie . 

The whole solution is really 
very simple, if everyone in-
volved will take a few hon 
moments to put on their ommon 
sen e cap . First, the league 
president ' want the best umpi re 
working the playoffs. The game 
between the best team deserves 
th best referees. ven the 
umpires hould realize thaI. 

e I. 

A PPARENTLY, TilE two sides are 750, per year 
apan on the t tal amount the 
league will pend on umpires' 
aJarie ' for the nex t four year . 

Given the fate of inflation in 
ba eba ll (panicularly player's 
alarics. admi si n ti cke t ~, and 

polish dogs), that seems like 
another logical tep. 

Really, if the hicago White 
Sox are willing to guarantee B 
Jack n 700,000 in the hope 
that maybe, just maybe, he might 
be ab le to walk wi thout crut he 
again , th league an spare an 
e tra 750, on a group of 
guy ' who you ""0\1' will be out 
on the field e\'e/)' night. 

Okay, 0 it's not that easy. 

A NDY VA L YKE signed a contract e tension wonh 
$ 12.65 million over three years. 

ide from the fact that he will 
be the founh highest-paid player 
in baseball (the most overu ed 
lich of the '90s), the mo t 

interesting thing about the 
exten Ion is that Van Iyke was 
one of the few player in the 
league \\ 110 waslI ' t complain ing 
about hi contra t. 

Take note Barry B nd , 
Bobby Bonilla, Rickey 
Hender on, and Frank Viola. 

• More ammo to rip the 
Houston Astro with ... when 
was the la t time you heard of 
four non-ro ter players making 
the opening day ro ter. If I were 
the A tro ' GM, I would be on 
tbe first plane to Iraq. 

• Janet Evans and the hundred 
of other college athlete rumored 

See BITS, Page 25 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 8, 1991 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Matt Reis hit a grand slam to spark a four-run 
fourth inning as UCSD swept Menlo 16-6, 12-4. 

Tritons Go on Offensive 
• Baseball explodes for 28 
runs in doubleheader sweep 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team traveled north 
thi past weekend for a key Divi ion ru 
matchup with Menlo College. 

UCSD(lI - 15) wepttheOak 16-6and 
12-4 in what was perhap the Triton 'finest 
offensive howing thi eason. 

In the opener, after a five-run explosion 
in the third inning, Man Reis parked a 
four-run fourth inning with a grand lam 
home run, hi first of the year. 

Ted White led the Triton attack with a 

perfect day at the plate. White wa 3 for 3 
with three run cored. 

Ernie lola and Steve Nowlan al 0 had 
big day at the plate. lola went 3 for 4 with 
four RBI , and Nowlan went 3 for 5 with 
one RBI. 

EJ. RemerandSeanEvan alocontrib-
uted to the Triton ' 16-hit a ault. 

Remer slugged his econd home run of 
the year, while Evan connected for his 
firt. 

Junior Brent Hansen (4-4) pitched five 
strong inning for UCSD to earn the vic-
tory. 

Han en gave up five runs, only one of 
See BASEBAll, Page 26 

Softball 
Swept by 
Mustangs 
• Cal Poly squeaks by 
with 3-1 , 2-1 victories 
By Greg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

Doing its best impre sion of the 
Doctor Jekyll/Mister Hyde char-
acter, the UCSD softball team (13-
10) showed both side of its de-
fensive persona in dropping both 
ends of a doubleheader at Cal Poly 
San Luis Obispo 3-1 and 2-1. 

Bri." Morris/Guardian 
UCSD's men 's varsity crew team finished higher than any boat in UCSD history at the Classic. 

Playing the pan of Doctor Jekyll 
was the Triton defense in the first 
game. Starting pitcher Dianna 
Moreno was the victim of five 
UCSD errors on the way to the 
loss. Crew Places Third in Cal Cup 

• Men's varsity leads uc 0 men ' Head Coach Shannon aid thattheTritons 
UCSD ' Mike hannon wa extremely are notfarfrommakingthejump ; women s pleased with the re ults of the into the top ranks of the Classic. 
varsity places sixth race: " We pushed the lead boat "All we need is for guys to 
By Aaron Friedland 
Staff Writer 

The U SO men ' var it 
crew team fini hed third in the 
grand fina l of the al up at the 
I th annual San Diego Crew 

la sic at Mission Bay, achiev-
ing the highe t of the four com-
peting Triton boats. 

andwererightin trikingdi tance stick with the sport and get ex-
the entire race," he said. perience," he said. "Our varsity 

Shannon aid that the team boat had three novice [fir t year] 
ucces fully met it pre-race goal rower . All the other boats had 

of placing higher than any pre- oarsmen with three or four year' 
viou UCSD boat. The previou experience." 
best for the Triton wa a fifth- The UCSD junior varsity boat 
pia e howing. fin hed founh in it heat and 

U 0 placed first in it heat failed to make the finals. 
on Saturday again t Sacramento Harvard University won the 

TheTriton fini hedfourone- tate, UC Davi ,and UC Irvine, Copley Cup in the race that pits 
hundredth of a econd behind fini hing with a faster heat time the Eastern Schools again teach 

SO. UC Santa than CSB, which raced in the other. 
other heat. See CREW, Page 25 

The Mister Hyde ver. ion of the 
defense emerged in game two as 
UCSD, behind starter Kathy Fogg, 
held the Mustangs scoreless 
through the first six innings, escap-
ing from several tight situations in 
the process. But in the bottom of 
the eventh, the Tritons' magic act 
failed. 

With UCSD leading 1-0, and 
Mustang runners 00 fir t and sec-
ond, Fogg gave up a two-run double 
which raised chalk along the right-
field line, and the Mu tangs had 
their margin of victory. 

Thedouble was one of eight hits 
Fogg surrendered on the day. 

Offensively, the Tritons 
truggled all day, collecting onJy 

two hit in the econd game. Pam 
See SOFTBAll, Page 26 

Women's Tennis 
Mauls Occidental 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

Cogbill Qualifies for 
Nationals at Riverside 

It mu t have been a quiet ride home for the 
o cidental College women's tenni team 
Saturday afternoon. 

The Tigers left U SO with only one win in 
their paws, the only Triton 10 s being Nancine 
Hayden ' default due to injury at the number 
i ingle spot. The Triton defeated the 

Tigers 8-1 bringing UCSD' record to 9-4. 
"We're ju t better overall," Head Coach 

Liz LaPlante aid. 
"We didn't make unforced errors, and we 

played aggre ively," he aid. 
See W. TENNIS, Page 25 

Brl.n MorrlalGuardian 
Scott Sargeant won the hammer 
and placed second in the discus. 

By les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men and women's track team didn't 
know quite what to expect at Saturday' UC River-
side Track Classic. 

It was the first time the Tritons had ever taken pan 
in the Highlanders' invitational event and UCSD 
Head Coach Mark Stanforth was a little afraid that 
the competition might not be up to snuff. 

But the invite turned out to be something of a 
plea ant surprise for UCSD - the level of competi-

See TRACK, Page 24 


