
ll-IE GULF 

JoIIfII Holme: 
·PeopIe don't seem as gung-ho 
as before.-

Llu SchWllrtz: 
·,rs scary, but exciting in a weird 
way: 

Colin Sharp: 
-rBush's speech) was a fairy tale 
speech, and it insulted my intelli-
gence: 

Stew CondIey: 
., think Bush's speech hit home. 
There is a time when there is a 
need for war: 

- PhaIoe by G8II JohMon, with 
....... by""'" eo.. 

War in the Middle East 
• UCSD students react to the beginning of 'Operation Desert Storm' 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 
Many students watched President Bush's speech, broadcast at 6 p.m. Pacific Time, 
from the television lounge in the Price Center Gameroom. 

By James Collier 
Senior Staff Writer 
and Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

Late ye terday afternoon, after month of 
po turing, anticipation, and prote t, the United 

tate -led multinational for e in the Persian 
Gulf began attacking Iraq in what has been 
labeled "Operation De ert Stonn.·' A word 
of the attack pread, the C D campus ap-
peared to grind to a halt . 

In a peech last night at 6 p.m., Pre 'ident 
George Bu h exprc ed hi desire for Iraq to 
leave Kuwait without further bloodshed. He 
also 'aid that he would like to bring the troops 
home a oon a' possible. 

The atm phere at C D became eerily 
quiet when the firs t nlmors of war swept 
across campus. The Price enter game room 
and presso Roma - both popular meeting 
pIa e for student - were aIm st empty. 
Many student , however, crowded into the 
Price Center television lounge to Ii ten to 
Bu h's addre s. 

"I feel like I'm going to cry," aid Darron 
Dorsey, a fonner U D medical student. An 
intern at the V A Hospital, Dorsey is al 0 a 
Marine reservi t who recently received his 
mobilization orders. 

Dorsey aid he hoped to get an indication 
of hi po ible combat tatu from Pre ident 
Bu h's addres . 

"I'm not too concerned about [last night 's] 
airstrike," he said. "If they don't call up more 
ground troop, I'm okay." 

Dorsey, who recently received his medical 
degree, aid that he will not erve as a doctor 
- he was trained as a niper. 

"They inve t a lot of money to train a 
See WAR , Page 3 

Protests to Intensify Now That War Has Begun 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

UCSD students who began the week pro-
testing the possibility of war in the Middle 
East will spend today protesting the war that 
has actually begun. 

Members of the UCSD Alliance for Peace 
plan to pass out posters and signs at the 
Student Center beginning at 8 a.m. today. 
From II a.m. to I p.m., there will be a build-
up to a rally on the gym steps. 

An anti-war rally will be held on Revelle 
Plaza today from I to 3 p.m., according to 
Alliance members. 

After the rally, demonstrators will meet at 
Groundwork Books in the Student Center in 
order to carpool to the Federal Building in 
downtown San Diego. 1lIe protest, which will 
begin at 4 p.m., is sponsored by the San Diego 
Coalition for Peace in the Middle East and 
will feature protestors from all over the city. 

In addition, there will be a candelight vigil 
tonight at 10 p.m. in Revelle Plaza. 

In the days leading up to yesterday's 
massive air strike against Iraq. students and 
faculty joined with members of the San Diego 
community to demonstrate against war in the 
Persian Gulf. 

Alliance for Peace members held a "Fast 
for Victims of War" all day Monday on the 
gym steps. Students also marched through 
campus on a "peace walk." 

Third College senior Todd Hamner de-
scribed the Alliance for Peace as "a loose 
coalition of concerned students who want to 
inform, organize, and act." 

Aposter hung on the gym wall for all of the 

fasters to sign. The fast began at sunrise and 
ended at sunset, paralleling the traditional 
Moslem method of fasting. 

"We're fasting because we're hungry for 
peace," one student said. 

The Alliance also set up a table with peti-
tions addressed to President George Bush and 
members of Congress demanding the with-
drawal of U.S. troops and suggesting that 
money be spent to fulfLiI the social needs of 
the people in this country instead. 

Alliance members also passed out white 
ribbons symbolizing peace in the Middle East 
anddistributed various literature, ranging from 
an editorial by Robert MacNeil to articles 
from the Christian Science Monitor. 

The peace walk began approximately at 
noon, starting at the gym steps and ending at 
the Price Center. A group of approximately 
30 people stood in the center of the Price 
Center and chanted, "No Blood for Oil. " After 
a march through the University Center's food 
court, the demonstrators turned around and 
headed back toward the gymnasium. 

Members of the group indicated that they 
were not surprised by the small group that 
turned out for the march, even though a large 
number of students attended Wednesday 's 
protest and teach-in. 

"We feel the students have resigned them-
selves to the idea of war," said Fifth College 
junior Kathleen Hiatt. "We feel that people 
aren't infonned. People feel that war is inevi-
table. It came down to the wire unexpectedly 
and people weren ' t ready." 

Approximately 60 signs doned the gym 
steps and the area in front of the student center 

Jeff Quan/Guardian 
The war-torn Middle East region. 
- some po ted to walls and poles, others 
simply propped against trees or lying on the 
ground. Painted on the posters were slogans 
uch as "Say No to WWllJ" and "Sacrifice 

Pride, Not People," applying pressure to Bush 
to bring the troop home. 

Hiatt expressed hope that this type of reac-
tion could relay a strong mes age to people in 
the Middle East. 

"If they ee this reaction then maybe they 
can see that not all American are ra hand 
have a Bush policy in mind, [and] that we 
think there are other olution :' Hiatt aid. 

Peace marches were also held on campus 
both Tuesday and ye terday . 

Around 5 p.m.on Monday night, Alliance 
for Peace members joined thou ands of anti-
war demon trators gathered at the Federal 
Building in downtown San Diego for what 

See PROTEST, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

UCSD Researchers Evaluate New 
Therapy for Brain Cancer Patients 

Physicians at the UCSD Medical Center arc evaluating 
the effectivene of specially targeted radiation therapy 
used in conjunction with intravenous chemotherapy to 
treat primary and metaStatic brain cancers. Through such 
evaluations they hope to substantially increase survival 
rates for cancer patients. 

According to Marc Chwnberlain, a neuro-oncology 
speciali t with the UCSD Cancer Center, neither che-
motherapy alone nor standard radiation therapy have been 
effective in treating brain tumors. In addition, thousands 
of patients develop metastatic brain cancers, where the 
tumor has pread from a different primary site. 

Chwnberlainsaid that this trial was developed because 
of promising clinical worK using the mrgeted radiation 
and some preclinical studies which showed that cisplatin, 
a chemotherapy drug, had several qualities which may 
improve the effectiveness of the radiation therapy. 

According to Chamberlain, the goal of this new study 
is to optimize the increased tumor eradication benefits of 
the radiation by combining it with an agent (cisplatin) that 
has propeniesboth to k ill the tumor and to protect normal 
tissue against the detrimemal effects of radiation. 

Results of the preclinical tudies have shown that the 
treatment is suces ful in maximizing tumor-kill with 
minimal damage to normal tissue. The administration of 
ci platin with radiation therapy is also bei.ng used in a 
number of clinical tudies to treat head and neck tumors, 
malignant melanoma ,and bladder cancer. 

UCSD Professor to Discuss the 
Molecular Basis of Renal Disease 

As pan of the School of Medicine's 1990-91 Faculty 
Di tinguished Lecture Series, Marilyn Gist Farquhar will 
lecture on current research on the cellular and molecular 
basis of renal function and disease. 

Farquhar, professor of Pathology at the School of 
Medicine, will discuss "TheCellu\arand Molecular Basi 
of Glomerular Capillary Permeability and Pathology" in 

The UCSD Guardian 

Garren Auditorium of die Basic Science BuDding. 
Renal failure oCcures when die kidneys fail to remove 

was&c products from the blood. Renal diIIyais, in wbich 
anifICial kidneys purify the blood, is the IDOIl common 
treatment for patients with kidney r.nure. 

Unfonunaaely, artificial kidneys are UDIbIcto replace all of 
the functions of the kidneys, so a true return to normal health 
cannot be achieved. 

"AchievinganundentandingoftheceUularandmolccu1ar 
basis ofrenal diseaseshould assist us gn:ady in thedevelopmcnl 
of thentpeutic agems designed to reduce injury and preserve 
renal function, thereby reducing the number of patients who 
require renal dialysis," Farquhar said. 

Scientists to Test Theories About the 
Magnetosphere Using Gas, SatelIHes 

Between Jan. II and Jan. 25, a team of Los Alamos 
National Laboratory scientists wiD use gas releases from 
satellites to test theories about the Eanh's magnetic field and 
its influence on nearby space. 

At monitoring stations spread from South America to near 
the Nonh Pole, the Los Alamos scientists and orbers wiD track. 
and record the behavior of the released gasesminule by minute 
as they become charged by the sun's energy and are whipped 
around by the Eanh's magnetic field. By timing the releases 
just right, the researchers will be able to span. specific events 
in the magnetosphere, a region filled with charged particles 
trapped and coOlrolled by the Eanh' s magnetic field. 

"[t's like a laboratory experiment where you attempt to test 
a hypothesis. We get to control all the important variables. 
These active ex~ments let us test our understanding of the 
Eanh's magnetosphere," said Morrie Pongratz of the Los 
Alamos Atmospheric Sciences Group. 

The result for non-scientists wiD be a display of glowing 
purple, green, and red clouds in the Nonh American sky. The 
scientists may even tum on the Northern Lights for us. 

Department of Chemistry to Hold 
Two Lectures in the Following Week 

The Department of Chemistry is offering the following 
lectures on Friday and next week: 

• Friday, Jan. 18 - Professor Luigi Marzilli of Emory 
University will lecture on "Multinuclear NMR Studies of 
Metal Ion and Drug Binding to DNA. "The lecture will be held 
at 4 p.m. in room \03 of Peterson Hall. 

• Friday, Jan. 25 - Professor John Groves of Princeton 
University will speak on "Catalytic Oxygenations with 
MetalJoporphyrins." The lecture will be held at 4 p.m. in room 
1 03 of Peterson Hall. 

WEEKEND WEATHER WATCH 
.The temperatures for 

Friday, Saturday, and 
Sunday in San Diego 

ounty: 

La Jolla 
74-75-72 

PAC I 
o C E 

San Diego 
70-72-71 

Source: Wilbur Shigehara, 
National Weather Services 
Mel MIIrcelolGuardian 

• Weather outlook: 
Pleasant and warm in 
the daytime, cool in 
the o'}onlnn 

Average temperature for sea/air is 68-72 
degrees. 
Bring along your favorite sunglasses. 
Surf Period 
(Feet) (Sees.) 
3-5 12 

Swell 
Direction 

W-NW 
Surfing conditions: 

FAIR TO 
GOOD 

Thursday, January 17,1991 

UCSD (.AJPS 
Man SUspected In Rape of UCSD 
Student QuestIoned In Murders 

A San Diego man suspected in the rape of a 22-year-
old UCSD student in her Pacific Beach townhouse is 
being questioned in connection with the series of stabbing 
deaths in CIairemoDl and University City. 
Ii Gary Learn told theLos Ang~/~s Timt!sthal the man 

has been identified as Louis Manda and that he is being 
held in Las Vegas at Clartc County jail. 

The suspect was apprehended by the Nevada State 
Highway Patrol at 4:35 a.m. on Sunday just outside of Las 
Vegas and is being held in lieu of $3,000 bail. 

In addition to the rapecbarge, Mandez was arrested on 
suspicion of po5SeSSing a stolen vehicle. 

While Learn and witnesses to the rapist's escape 
described Mandez as fining the description of the man 
seen running from the C1airemont apartment where vic-
timHoUy Tarrwas stabbed on April 3, Las Vegas officials 
disagree. They say he that is not a 5'7" to S'\o" light-
skinned black male, but rather a 6'1" caucasian male. 

Learn said that the woman fit the pattern of victil11l! in 
the series of killings, the first of which occurred exactly 
one year prior to the alleged rape on Saturday. 

Learn said that he had taken note of that, but added that 
he had his doubts about whether Mandez is Ihe serial 
killer. 

MEChA Holds Annual High School 
Conference for Higher Education 

MEOlA, in conjunction with the ASUCSD, is hold-
ing an annual high school conference on Jan. 19 at the 
PriceCenterfrom 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. The theme of this year's 
conference is "Looking Beyond - Adelante con la 
Educaci60." 

1be conference will feature Sergio Chavez as the 
keynotcspeakerand wiUineludewortcshops in "Oticano 
Motivatioo" and "Raza Building the Future." 

For more infonnation on the conference, call the 
UCSD MEChA office at 534-4994. 

GUAKI1IAN 
pttL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MAClEAN, MIrnligIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion EdItor 
LES BRUVOlD, Aaoca. Sports Editor 
JAMES COLLIER, o.Ign EdItor 
GREG DIXON, ~ OpInIon Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy EdItor 
MEUNDA HAIIL TON, ~ NtIwtI Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, A....aa NtIwtI EdItor 
LARA HEISLER, ~AmEdItor 
HEATHER HOLTZCLAW, A~ Spans Editor 
CHRISTlNA HUIZAR, AaocIII. Am Editor 
PETER KO, SporD &ItOI' 
JENNFEA KOLSKY, Pttoro Editor 
KENT KOAZON, AaocMI8 Copy Editor 
LENG LOH, ~tEdltor 
MEL MARCELO, ~ GrItpIJa EdItor 
SANGEETA IEHTA, ADocIaat FMurN Editor 
BAlAN MORRIS, AacJeMep Photo Editor 
JWE PUZON, ,."... EdItor 
JEFF QUAN, ~ Editor 
JASON stELL, "..,. EdItor 
MMS UZOllS, ",., EdItor 
JEFFREY YAMAGuat, ~ FeIIane EdItor 
JENNlFEAYANCEY, ~EtIIor 

".laD_..-.......... 11IoMI!I ..... _,..-, ........ _ 
"L.aD.....-" .. _.II!"""_~_".~_..-. ..., 
,,-,OI ........ _""laD_ ... ...-..... _,, __ 
........ l!It __ ~ ....... ..-,,_ ... '-""'_ .. 
....... """laD_ .. ~ .. C*-.".,. __ Tho_._ 

.....,-,--~ .... 
fIIIariat: 53oW5IO, ...... CIIIar ~ Fa.: 5301-7691 
UCSD Gvanlian, 9500 Gilman DrM 0316, 

La JoIa, CA 92093-0316 

I f I " 
' " 

I • 

Thursday, January 17,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

WAR: Students React to Persian Gulf Attack 
Continued from page 1 
sniper, and when Igolhat's what I'll 
go as," he aid. "They paid for my 
education - I have no choice .... I 
just wish they [had given] more 
time for sanction ." 

Dorsey said he hope the conflict 
won' t become another Vietnam. 

''I'm worried about how they 
willlreat us when we come back," 
he said. "But my bigge t concern is 
that I will come back half a person." 

Warren College junior Sharon 
BWigalan solemnly watched Presi-
dentBush' sspeech in the TV lounge. 

"I wasin thelibrwy whenafriend 
told me, and I couldn't concentrate. 
So I carne here," she aid. 

Bangalan explained that the 
threat of war seems pan icularly real 
[0 her on a personal level. 

"I know people who are there," 
she said. "My father is active mili-
tary. So the threat is very real." 

With so many tie to the military 
operations, Bangalan seemed to 
view the situation in the Middle 
East as much more important than 
her own situation at UCSD. 

"So much for midterms," she 
said. 

Matias Valenzuela,a member of 
the UCSD Alliance for Peace, also 
watched the address. Hehadjust left 
an Alliance meeting when he heard 
the new . 

"Everybody ru hed to . .. differ-
entTVs to get information," he said. 

"I've had con tant chill [ ince I 
heard the newsl ," Valenzuela said. 
"It 's definitely going to be a tough 
time.I'mjust rrying 10 Stay focused." 

Valenzuela said that not all of the 
<!Venues for peace had been tried 
Wid that military force was used too 
soon. 

Sharon Figel, a Warren enior 
and another UCSD Alliance for 
Peace member, pent la t night 
painting posterstobe used in today 's 
Revelle Plaza protest. 

"Our main concern is thatalotof 
people do not know where they 
stand," she said. She alleged that 
censorship was taking place after 
watching Cable News Network 
coverage of the rally in downtown 
SWI Diego Monday night. 

"AlI night they were showing 
footage of the march and the rally. 
But at about eight in the morning, 
they totally witched their story," 
she said. 

According to Figel, 10,900 
people attended the raIly. At8 am., 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 

she said CNN switched its stance 
and started to report the story as if it 
were just a few people and began 
focusing on the 30 or so pro-Bush 
counter-protesters. 

''It'sreaIly frightening," she said. 
The other main concern, Figel 

said, is to discover why the United 
States went to war. 

"People are raped and pillaged 
allover the world all the time. What 
is it about this situation that prompted 
military action?" she asked. 

Figel expressed her belief that 
lhe pre idential admini trations of 
Ronald Reagan and George Bush 
have invested heavily in military 
pending and are u ing the Persian 

Gulf cri i to legitimize their poli-
cies. 

"I don't think war is the only 
choice," he said. According to Figel, 
it i not simply a matter of war or 
allowing Hussein to go wild, but 
that there are mWly other options. 

She added thatlhe United States 
should have given the anction 
more time to worK. 

Warren College senior Colin 
Sharp was also disappointed with 
Bush's address. 

"I was happy when I heard he 
was going to speak," Sharp said. "I 
washopingthespeechwouldexplain 
what was happening. His speech 
eemed like a justification rather 

thWi being infonnalive. It seemed 
like [Bu h] was treating u like 
children. It was a fairy tale speech, 
and it insulted my intelligence: ' 

While tudents watched Bush ' 
addre , Third junior Patrick Riley 
played pool. 

"I'm upset, but there 's nothing I 
can do about it ," he said. "I feel 
really indifferent and hopeless be-

cause there is nothing I can do. 
"I didn't vote for George Bush, 

and I don't WWlt to listen to any of 
his speeches. Hopefully. whatever 
happens is over quickly," Riley ex-
plained. 

Graduate student Christy Trestik 
wa dining at the Bull's Eye Tavern 
in the Price Center during the ad-
dress. 

"We were really surprised -
most people were really surprised," 
Trestik said. "Bush's speech was 
really influential, it made it sound 
like we're doing the right thing." 

"It was a ituation that could 
have been resolved by waiting orby 
fighting," said Revelle College se-
nior Vince Aynn. "There's some-
thing to be paid either way. The 
United States rightly or wrongly 
comminedthemselves ... ldidn'tsee 
anything else lhat would have con-
vinced Iraq to get out of Kuwait." 

"It's a difficult issue. In general 
I suppon it," said Warren College 
juniorl udson Leiser, one of the few 
people who remained at Espresso 
Roma. '''The president lettingaleader 
of a nalion go into another counuy 
isn't pennissible, but we can't go 
around telling other countries what 
todo. The way [theU.S.l handled it 
is barbaious ... bombing is a quick 
and dirty method." 

Another student in the unusually 
quiet Espresso Roma, Revelle Col-
lege senior Dan Slayback, said he 
heard about the war on the radio at 
work. 

"It's way too early [togo 10 war]," 
he said. '''The problem with war is 
that it doesn't solve anything. 

"With the buildup, what else 
could [Bush] doT' Slayback added. 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 

He said he recognized the in-
evitability of war in the la t few 
days, even though he is oppo cd to 
it. If the sanctions had been enforced 
more rigorously, Slayback said he 
believe that they would have 
worked. 

"WaristoodangerousWlopti n." 
he commented. "It 's a gamble be-
eau e it might be a hort war. That's 
what Bu h is counting on." 

Revelle College junior Juan 
Bacal kisaidthatheheardaboutthe 
war on the radio whiledriving in hi 
car. 

He "lid that hi fir tthought upon 
hearing the news was " J knew it." 

" I knew it was going to happen, 
but I just did nOl know when," 
Bacal ki said. He is also opposed to 
the war, but added that he believes 
that the United States should have 
waited and continued serious ne-
gotiations. 

Bacalski agreed that the ultimate 
goal of the war was the liberation of 
Kuwait, but admiued his belief that 
American troop will remain in the 
Middle East even if Kuwait is lib-
erated. 

Students aI 0 gathered in front of 
the giWlt television screen in the 
MuirCollegeDining Commons last 
night, hoping to get any information 
they could about the conflict. 

"Iean' teat," said Muirfreshman 
Lisa Schwartz. "I don't think I was 
expecting a miracle to happen in 
negotiations, but [the attack] was a 
big line to cross." 

Schwartz said that she heard the 
news from her donn house advisor. 
She and a friend "both staned cry-
ing" after they heard the news, she 
said. 

"All of the girls in my suite 
gathered around the TV forsupport." 
Schwartz said. "One girl's brother 
was over there and she was in tears. 
We all felt a bit helpless." 

Schwartz said she is very con-
cerned that this conflict may be a 
protracted one. She said that the 
threat of a possible draft "seems 
very, very real to me ... I have a 
brother, a boyfriend." 

Her reaction to her generation 's 
first war was that "It's scary, but 
exciting in a weird way." 

Muir College freshman Monica 
Murdoch said shedidn 'tthink much 
of the crisis in the Middle East when 
it first Staned. But recently, she said, 
"[I] staned thinking that the ones I 
love could be drafted." 

"This is the first lime this has 
happened to our generation and it's 
hard to deal with," Murdoch said. 

Warren College senior Josef 
Holme said he thinks that people are 
looking at this war more realisti-
cally. 

"People don't seem as gung-ho 
as before," he commented. "I don 'I 
think [the conflict] will be like 
Vietnam, though I think it depends 
a lot on the reaction of the Iraqis." 

See WAR, Page 7 

NEWS 3 

For your Costa 
convenience Verde 
call ahead Center 
455·7229 west of LIre 

"Best Mexican Food In San Diego" -KFMB·lV. Channel 8 

Fresh, Healthy and Authendc 
Specializing in charbroiled meats and 
vegetarian items. with no fried foods 

1 OGlo OFF* My replM prtced menu Item, Mydme. 7C Just prelellt your UCSD 10. 
·NaI_.,1h '"' _ 0"" or--". 

Save up to $625 : Save over $1 00 
1 Enjoy one complimentary menu 1 Burrito Grande 1 
1 Item when a second menu Item of 1 Rice. black beans. I~ttuce. guacamole. 1 
1 equal or greater value Is 1 sour O Nm. salsa and came asada or 1 hdsed ~ chIcken In a Rour tortilla S 1 pure . 1 &. soft drink $399 1 
1 :~~~~W1Y_OI1IforsptQII ~ 'I :~~s.~~any_oIItforspeaal ~ 'I L _________ ~ _________ ~ 

r--------------------, 1 TUNE-UP SPECIAL 1 
1 $1995 1 1 Regularly $2500 Now with coupon I 
I tncludes: true wheets, adJust brake$, gears, hubs headset and bottom 1 

bracket, check 8. Inflate tires, and lubrication. up. 2/17/91 

--------------------

University City Cyclery 
3246 Governor Dr. San Diego 

452-8842 
Authorized Sales and Service 
Diamond Back-GT·Miyata·Trek 

lucsol N • 

+--.L...--'--f-S2 

I·S I-8OS 

, , 



4 OPINION 

• Last week's protest was a 
feeble grab at yesteryear 
By Ben Boychuk 
Opinion Editor 

The crowd stood around idly as a modcrate 
rainfall pelted their unprote ted heads and 
streaked their cilrefu lly painted placards and 
banner . As the noon hour approa hed, there was 
some question in my mind a to whcther or not I 
would ee Ihe spe to Ie I wa sent to report. [ had 
never been to a peace rally before, ,md I was 
looking forward to the cx perien e, as a child 
10 ks forward to going to an amu~ement park. 

The peace rally and lea h-in 13 I Wedne day 
wa~ not unl ike all illllu sement park. The atmo-
sphere, despite the foul limate, wa generally 
upbeat and filled with anticipation. although that 
may have had omething to do with the presence 
of press photographers and television cameras. 

The pe pIe were certainly dressed for the 
occasion. Tie-dyed shirts, jeans, love-bead 
ncckla e ', and peace symbols abounded. There 
was even a band ... a small cadre of 12 or so 
musicians, equipped mostly with percus ion 
instruments such a . tamborines and drurns, and a 
couple of guitars for good measure. 

It was very much like a theme parle., or perhaps 
a carnival. "60s Land," or maybe "Haight-
Ashbury South," with everything except the 
'shroom vendors. 

It was a fascinating crowd to watch. Young 
college students, dusting off their wasted parent s' 
heirloom ,coming out to fighl "the Establi h-
ment" - and no doubt trying to recapture the 
revolut ionary, anarchic spirit of yesteryear. 

There were some old-timers there as well, a 
group one of my colleagues calls the "profes-
sional protesters." These are me people who 
haven 't had anything to do since the big "No 
Nukes" rallie!; up in San Onofre and Diablo 
Canyon in the early 80s. 

This Persian Gulf thing is the best thing to 
happen to this crowd since ... well, Vietnam. 

It came as no surprise when the rally was 
moved indoors. Water can play hell with 
dreadlocks and denim - or so I am told. And 0 
the merry troupe marched from Revelle Plaza to 
Mandevi11e Auditorium, collecting hundreds of 
participants as they went. 

A' we plodded along through the puddles, the 
marchers chanted their slogans. "Hell no, we 
won't go! We won't die forTexaco!"1 couldn't 
help but notice that a great majority of these 
chanters were women, As one student later 
pointed out in a me sage on UCSD's school 
computer system, these women have nothing to 
chant about - they·re nOL going anywhere. If 
there is a draft - and [don ' J. think there will be 
one ~ men, . .and o"ly men, will be called to serve. 

A.s the march progressed, the chanting waned. I 
watched with particular bemusement as one hard-
core acti vist tried to lead a chant of "heU no," 
only to be met with the discotd of twelve-dozen 
different conversations. The cro~d seemed more 
concerned with their terrible das chedules and 
what was happening that weekend tban with the 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

matter Jt hand . 
As :J reporter of event , my job i to remain 

object:, in what I cover. I volunteered to cover 
the ral' f primarily becau e I had never eltpcri-
enced IJch an event, but also to hear for myself 
what ' 'se who oppo ed to a war in the gulf had 
to say 

A ..t writer of opinion, my mind is constantly 
churning and dige ting idea and thoughts. F~ 
that reason, I challenged myself to li sten to the 
speaker without prejudice - a any good 
reporter hould - and analyze the situation as I 
went along. Quite frankly, had I not been 
reporting the event, I have no doubt 1 would 
have stood in solidarity with the counter-protest-
ers in the rear of the auditorium. 

As a reporter, 1 stood in awe of what I saw. I 
would have never have expected a tuQ10ut of 
over J ,000 people to any son of political event. 
and for that I hold the protest participants in 
great respect for expressing themselves. 

As a human being, I was inspjred by the 
rousing speech of 82-year-old "Wild Bill" 
GandaU, a fonner sergeant in the United States 
Marine Corps who paI1icipated in three wars. He 
began the protest by standing in the front row of 
the audjtorium and speaking de pite the' prese;nce 
of others at the podium behind him, and was 
fmally allowed to come up and speak on stage. 
Wbat struck me most about Gandail was not 
anything he had to say - I cQIllpletely disagreed 
with him - but how and why he said it. 

Gandall had more spirit in him than anyone.l 
have ever seen or heard. He looked 20 years 
younger than his real age, and despite his use of 
a cane, he was fairly agile. He reportedly even 
threatened to take a swing at one of the COUDter-
protesters with his cane. But most of all, Ganda1I 
had principles and conviction, which, in these 
dog-days of intellectual relativism and waning 
ethics, is a rare find indeed. 

Gandall said he would soon be travelling to 
the Saudi-Kuwait border where he would join 
other peace-activists hoping to stoV further 
aggression. As I sat and listened to the man, I 
could not help but think that he would be one of 
the farst casualties of the impending war. 

My awe for Gandall was quickly washed 
away by the bitter, bile taste of contempt which I 
felt - and still feel - for most of the spea1cers 
and the crowd that sat zombie-like before the 
podium, grunting and chanting on cue like good, 
politically correct youngsters should when, 
Simon says. 

I sat quietly, fuming inside, as I listened to 
one speaker after another decry the immorality 
of Mr. B,",sh 's war, how the American peopJe 
were being conned, and how the American, 
imperialist government was once again exploit-
ing the oppressed for its own selfish interest. I 
winced every time I heard words like "sexist," 
"raci t," "cia sist," or "fascist". 

'l)ere were many occasions when I wished to 
throw off my "&arb. of prole sio~j~," thin 
though it may have been, and. scream, What 
aboullh~ Kuwaitis? Whal ab<>ut liberty? What 
about Sadda,(tI' nukes? 

See RALLY, Page 5 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 

Protester's solutions for 
peace deal only with short term 

'By Zachary Btl ..... 
StIIff Wril8r .' 

Peace. I want this goal to be achieved as 
much, ifnot more. than anyone elso who was at 
the so caJIed "No Blood for Oil" rally. Unfonu-
nately, as-:Ethopian Emperor Halie Sala i once 
said, !his may be a goal Iota be pursu~d but ~ver 
attained." Either way. the i~s proWsed at the. 
rally were not those which would promOte 
lasting peace. They were short-term goals with 
no regard for serious peace: II isior thi reason 
that I counrer-<lemonstrated, and for thLs reason 
that I went up the podium to explain my point .of ' 
view. . . 

Itwasn't eaSyTcame to the rally 'th nf,> 
inrention of g}ving a speech. J was J~t as . 
surprised as ll1yone when my colleagues 8S,'ked 
me to~, so needless to say,.! w~ Un¢:- . -- ' 
pared and somewhat disorg~zed. IUs difficult ~ 
to speak to a crowd wb~ mi!)!J you could never 
change -:- especiilly~one tHat oesQ't waotW' .. 
_ what y v~JQ/~Y." P~.in the en<tl 
cfid.ir more for myself thai}an~aod ~~ 

tbe,~' applies io,why i'm~~fthis .', Ie ... 
f'trstof all; I,et's look attbl'phrase,.~~'bl ";' 

foroil-whicb was chanted,so (jften th8t:day. 
believe this slogan is a str.1w man. We are not in 
.S~ Arabia for,.the sole se of protecting 
our oil supply. If this truly w~ thec~, I. as 
well as 68 ~ of America, woQld:~ot 00 ' 
supporting this CampalgD. It may be, much to the 
fortUne of the Kuwaitts, that oil was the mitigat-
ing factor in our decision to intervene, but it is ' 
pure nonsense to say this is our only purpose and 
goal. 

When Israel inwded l..ebanoft. we didn't 
initiate !Dilirary action, and when OPEC bur-
dened us with the oil embaqo in the mid-1970s, 
the same applied. Yet, naked aggresSion coupled 
with national interest equals American action. 
Even if our motives are 'not 100 percent pure, we 
should stop being so myopic and look at the long 
tenn benefics ofIraq's WlCODdilional withdrawal, 

If we deter aggressioothis time, it is less 
likely to occur again. If aggression succeeds, it is 
destined to. reoccur. As I said at the rally, if we 
continue to appease tyrants and dictators, we wiU 
never have peace. 

Peace. in the world we live in, is a bitter plant 
with a swc;et fruit. Tyranny and aggression are 
bound to happen again. America is me of the 
largest a(ld most.pqwerful nation in the world. 
As a result we have ~ moral obligation to prevent 
the spread of chaos and descruction. Depending 
on the level of national interest, we will be more 
or less inv9lved." What I am $aymg should not be 
misconstrued to. imply that the level of immoral-
ity, is proportional to outJllliQnal interest. 
Rather, national interest..bas been and win be the 

> factor in determining ho'f deeply we get in-
volved. • 

This may sound weak, but it is wUortunaIely 
the case, and I will always be in favor-
whatever the case - of preventing tyranny. 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 

RALLY 
Continued from page 4 

It would be ea y for me to call into 
question the loyalities of those opposed 
to American policy in the Gulf. Like the 
protesters, I could harken on the past and 
call them "traitors" and say, "TItis is 
America: love it or leave it." That didn't 
work in the 60s and it won't work now. 
What Icall into question is the protesters' 
convictions to themselves. 

What I saw that Wednesday was not a 
group of activists dedicated loa peaceful, 
reasonable resolution to the Gulf crisis, 
willing to take ri k for what they be-
lieved in. I saw a group of college kids 
trying to be rebels, trying to re-ignite the 
spirit of the 60s with empty rhymes and 
tie-dyed shirts. There were norisks. There 
was no draft to resist, indeed, no actual 
war to protest. But there was a lot of 
rhetoric. 

I talked to one Marine Corp re 'ervist 
who wasn't even a student- he was just 
visiting - who said thaI all the service-
men want is upport . 

Many of them may not want to be 
there, but they all realize that they are 
soldiers and they have a job to do. "All 
we want is support," the young Marine 
said. 

"The war won 't bring us down," he 
told me. "It's this shit right here, " he said, 
and gestured to the pul ating throng of 
protestors . 

He was probably right. Not because 
those protesters were "un-American," but 
quite imply becau e they didn't know 
what the hell they were talking about. I 
kept hearing the words "Vietnam" and 
"oil" and "Israeli occupation" cropping 
up, and it is to those words I respond. 

I would estimate that less than 25 
percent of those at the rall y even re-
membered Vietnam. let alone under tood 
what it was about. I have no grand iIIu-
ions of under tanding that confl ict, pri-

marily because [was only four year old 
when Saigon fell . 

Anyone who says Vietnam was bad 
and was born after 1969 doesn ' t know 
what they're talking about. 

No blood for oil? How about the tens 
of thousands of exiled Kuwaitis? How 
about the countless who were summarily 
executed? How about the babies ripPed 
from their hospital incubators? 

What about the Amnesty International 
report on the atrocities commined in 
Kuwait? Why is it that our protester 
friends are quick to invoke the name of 
the respected human rights organization 
for every other injusticecommined in the 
world, but ignores it now? Perhaps be-
cause the report is associated with George 
Bush. 

And what does the Israeli 'occupation 
of Palestine have to do with anything? 
Iraq walked all over Kuwait and annexed 
it in a matter of months, plundering all it 
could get its hands on. Israel, on the other 
hand, was attacked, managed to repulse 
invaders from all sides, and took some of 
the aggressors' territory away. 

If that's not poeti£ justice, then I don't 
know what is. 

Before we condemn military action, 
let us remember that it was Saddam Hus-
sein, and not George Bush, who rejected 
a peaceful, diplomatic solution. Hussein 
openly defied the U.N., and now that the 
deadline has passed, he has no one to 
blame but himselfforthe destruction that 
will be wrought. 

Foronce, itseems,the U.S. istruly"in 
the right." 

If war comes, I hope we can all remain 
level-headed and strong, and most of all , 
stand true to our convictions. For many 
young people, the time may come w~en 
!hose convictions are truly put to the test. 

Then we will learn how strongly we 
are convinced of the morality or immo-
rality of this war. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Students Criticize Behavior at Rally 
Editor: 

1 feel compelled to write afterwitne ing 
the "peace demonstrntion" last Wednesday. 
Jan. 9 and reading the tatements is ued by 
the protesters. 

The disil lusionment I feel is mal hed 
only by the contempt Ifeel for the protesters, 
students and faculty members alike. I am 
sure all the people who took part in the 
"peace rally" had a nice walk back to their 
nice, warm apartments, dormitory rooms, or 
houses. None of them have to worry about 
getting shot at, or whether or not their as-
signed weapon will function in case of need. 
I hope they all got a feeling of accomplish-
ment from their march around a college 
campus. Why, how radical of the students 
and members of the faculty 10 march on such 
a controversial area! The personal risk must 
have been staggering! Seeing as how influ-
ential other such rallies were during the 
Vietnam war must have been quite an inspi-
ration. 

lam staunch in my support for a peacefu I 
withdrawal of American military from the 
gulf. However, stomping around chanting 
"peace rhymes" and carrying signs and skel-
etons ~sed as Uncle Sam does nothing to 
help the soldiers who are now staring down 
the barrel of death. Such protests are akin to 
standing in front of a mountain and scream-
ing at it 10 move. You want peace? Go put 
your butt on the line. Go canvas the streets 
with petitions. Goto yourCongressperson 's 
office and sit in. Do something other than 
yell at the mountain. You cannot move it 
without a united, mobilizedeffort. You may 
not accomplish anything, but you will do 
more for our troops through constructive 
means like addressing the government di-
rectly rather than using defamatory mea-
sures that will appear unsupportive of the 
troops. Not the government, the human be-
ings in the unifonns. I would venture to say 
99.5 percent of you have no idea what your 
"peace rallies" do to the morale of troops 
abroad It serves nopurposebut to dishearten 
such troops and make them angry that their 
buns are on the firing line so people like you 
protesters can protest. 

I know of what I speak. To regard me, 
you would probably never realize that loog-

haired Liternture major is a sergeant in the 
United States Army Reserve. and spent 
1984 through 1988 a an active-duty sol -
dier. I was in southern Gelmany when Ihe 
U.S. bombed Libya. I spent three weeks on 
full aiel1 , wailing to be hipped to Turkey if 
Libyan forces retaliated. I was i ued live 
rounds for my M- 16 and was given two 
chemical warfare suits and anti-nerve agent 
injectors. When I and other members of the 
artillery unit Ito which I was assigned read 
the reports of the protests again t the U.S. 
military action on the campuses of Antioch 
University in Ohio and UC Berkeley, our 
collective stomachs turned. We were not 
only afraid of dying in baltle, but were 
sickened by the lack of support that was 
displayed by college student "protesters." 

[can remember feeling nothing but dis-
dain for the students who protested then, and 
I thought I would never be able to feel any 
different. I was wrong. Afterwimessing the 
self-righteouscrelons al the "protest," lean 
only feel disheartened. 

Matthew D. Murphey 

Editor: 
I am a graduate student opposed to the 

United States starting a war in the Persian 
Gulf. Last Wednesday, I attended the pro-
test and teach-in at Mandeville Auditorium. 
[was appalled by the behaviorofmost of the 
protesters and counter protesters . War is 
honible. Hundreds of thousands of people 
will die in Iraq and Kuwait when the war is 
fought. It is a very seriou matter. But last 
Wednesday. [ observed a mass display of 
childishne s. 

To the protesters: I 'upport yourconvic-
tions, and respect the fact that you feel 
strongly aboutthe war. But that protest rally 
was not for you; it was for the people who are 
going to be maimed and killed in the Middle 
East. What I saw instead wasabunch of kids 
showing how cool they were because they 
can defy authority figures and call counter-
protesters "Reagan Youth." 

Stop showing off! 1l1e point of a protest 
rally is to show the government and the rest 
of the country that the people of the United 
States are against war. It is not to preach to 
theconverted,toyell"No blood for oit " and 

have all your friends cheer for you. Ask 
yourselves: Did the speakers at the leach-in 
answer the hard queslions aboul war in Ku-
wait? What about appeasement of aggres-
ion, Irnqi atrocilie in Ku wait, and nuclear 

proliferation? None oflhe anI i-war speakers 
addressed the e issues. My advice for you is 
to challenge yourself. Ask yourselves the 
tough questions, and figure out why this war 
is not only immoral, but pointless. And keep 
protesting. 

To the counter protesters: I agree with 
your feelings about Saddam Hu ein. The 
invasion ofKuwail was abominable, and Iraq 
is committing counties atrocities in Ihere. To 
let nuclear weapons fall il110 the hands of an 
unrestrained Saddam Hussein would be 
unforgi vable. 

Have you guys heard about free speech? 
They don't have it in Iraq, Yourpointofview 
gets in the paper and on TV every night. If 
your position is so morally strong, sureiy you 
can stand a little protest opposing it without 
interrupting every speaker. You shouted "Free 
Kuwait" while Dr. Kripke spoke. What I 
heard was "Look at me! Pay attention tome!" 
Free speech is about not only allowing all 
points of view to be heard, but listening to 
them. 

[ must add, also, that even though your 
heans are in the right place, your arguments 
are wrong. Hussein is being punished; the 
sanctions are costing him $1 00 million every 
day, and they can bemaintained until Iraq has 
free election if need be. 

Kuwait is in an awful situation, but staging 
a massive wartherewill not help the Kuwaitis; 
rather, it would devastate the country, espe-
cially if the Iraqis sabotage all theiroil fields , 
causing tremendous economic and environ-
mental damage. As for nucle;!r weapons, in 
twenty years, every country will have Ihem. 
If Hussein had nuclear weapons now, he 
wouldn 't use them. He knows that if he did, 
we could annihilate him with impunity, and 
the whole world would cheer us on. 

Unless we attack first, in which case he 
would strike back and the whole world would 
despise us. 

Think about it: This war won't solve 
problems, it will only create them. 

Brian P. Cluggish 

.' 



t , 

6 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 17,1991 

PROTESTB---=---YJenni_ferKOISky __ _ 
ARE lHE 

,," ,.e'" "'<E 
\(\l ~ 1 , 

t 

WHE N TtfE R leH 
WAGE WAR 

IT IS THE 

POOR 
WHO 

DIE" 

) 

I t ' , I {' - .. " t t , I • I ." • I I t, I, , I t • I I • 
, . 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

WAR: Opinions varied on 'Desert Storm' 
ConUnued from ~ 3 

Holme. who plans to go tomedi-
cal school , has thought about the 
possibility of being drafted. 

"I have been working for four 
years, and this may change my 
plans," he said. 

However. Holme explained lhat 
he feel lhe reality of the situation 
hasn ' t really sunk in. 

"It till doesn't seem very real," 
he said. "You see it on TV and 
they ' re over there and we're over 
here ... I'm sure it's real to the par-
ents and spouses of people there, but 
I don't think [it has fully affected] 
college students ." 

Saudi Arabia is a place Holme is 
very familiar wilh - he used to live 
in lhe Saudi city of Dhahran. He 
also said during the Iraq-Iran War 

he lived wilh the possible lhreat of 
an Iranian attack on Saudi Arabia. 
He said he feels he can empalhize 
wilh lhe people in the situation. 

"Butto betruthful,"he said. 'Tm 
more worried about my flight out to 
Texas tomorrow than the war." 

David Cusick, a Revelle College 
freshman, also lived in Dhahran. 

"I'm glad to be here," Cusick 
said 

Kevin Cadwallader was more 
upbeat about lhe attack on Iraq. 

"All right, let's go shed some 
blood. It's about time," he said. 

A finaI thought into what Ameri-
cans can expect as a result of 
yesterday's actions was provided 
by a student who wished to remain 
anonymous. 

"We'll start seeing body bags in 

Gall Johnson/Guardian 

a week or so," he said. 
Staff Writer Sheryl Wolcott 

contributed to this story. 

PROTEST: Students plan demonstrations 
Continued from page 1 
was called the largest anti-wardem-
onstration in recent local history. 

''The fact !hat this [protest] is 
happening in such a conservative 
city and a military city like San 
Diego is to us an indication of wide-
spread opposition to the policy 
lhroughout this nation," spokesman 
Rick Nadeau said. 

The protest, organized by lhe 
San Diego-based Coalition forPeace 
in lhe Middle East, included stu-
dents, businessmen, war veterans, 
and families with children. 

"I came here because American 
blood is too precious to be spent for 
oil in the Middle East. The wars 
have been going on for hundreds of 
years and our ability to try to stop 
them won 'tchange it," said Revelle 
sophomore Codren Blosiu. 

Vietnam War-era musician Joe 
McDonald, lead singer of the rock 
group Country Joe and the Fish, 
performed some of his most famous 
anti-war songs, including "1-2-

3...What Are We Fighting For." 
Drummers from UCSD also con-
tributedto the rally by playing drums 
during and after the walk. 

Homemade placards stated me -
sages such as, "[ Love My Country, 
But I Love My Countrymen More," 
"Diplomacy Not War," and "Make 
Condoms, Not Body Bags." 

"We must convince Bu h that 
war, weapons, and occupation is not 
lhe answer," declared one speaker. 

"War is no way for people to 
solve their problems. I could not go 
to Iraq and take lhe life of anolher 
person. It is not my right to do so, or 
anyoneelse's - that's why I came 
here tonight," said Third College 
junior Gerhard Koon. 

The need to address domestic 
issues was also stressed. In support 
of social services, students carried 
signs saying, "Anack Poverty Not 
Iraq" and "Isn' t A.LD.S. a Big 
Enough Battle?" 

The opposit ion to war did not go 
unchallenged. 

A group of about 50 uppol1ers 
of the U.S. presence in lhe Persian 
Gulf tood acro the streets. Chants 
of "Free Kuwait" and "Go Bush 
Go" could be heard. 

Many of them accu ed the anti-
war demonstrators of sending de-
moralizing messages to lhe troop . 

Organizers oflhe protest counter-
argued by stressing that they do in 
fact suppon the troops who are 
riSking their lives. 

It was pointed out, however, that 
lhe troops aren ' t the ones making 
policy deci ions. 

"Our govemment makes the 
policy and that's who we're going 
to take our frustrations out on," 
Nadeau said. 

Among the pro-war activists, 
Terry Swartz, a Revelle sophomore, 
tood wilh a sign that said, "Apathy 

Is No Solution. ACT NOW." 
"I'm not here to start a riot. l'm 

here to say if wed on 'tstophimnow, 
we 're going to face a lot greater 
danger down lhe road," she said. 

• Taken from the logs of the UCSD 
Police Department from the past 
week. 

Complied by Kent Korzon, 
Senior Staff Writer 

NEWS 7 

", __ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ II 

I 
I 

nJM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

·Moot P<eoent coupon ond IIoId ucso 10 at !!me ot estrnot • . 
Nolllold ""'" rnc:p engine Ot fionsmsJ,on repairs 

[~) :ALL Isc ~ 1450 9494' ==". I 
• -

kl If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them About Us: If They Haven't Discovered Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 
---- ___ - ____ 1_---... 

Some Graphic 
Information from 

UCSD Bookstore ... 
We have the latest in graphic calculators. Come in and 

choose from our selection yourself, or ask one of our 
knowledgeable salespeople for some graphic advice. 

•• 
.... it 
." ... ••••• 

rli~ HEWLETT ~~ PACKARD 

HP48SX 

CASIO. 
tx-7000G 
· zoom-in feature 
· Instant replay 
· overwrite feature for rruhiple 
function viewing 
tx-8000G 
· 3363-step memory 
· 26 programmable memory 
segments 
· 255 buih-in functions 

o 
· ability to interface with any PC 
· more than 2100 functions 
· 8-line character graphics LCD 
for draw and edit capability 

TEXAS + 
INSfRUMENTS 

11-81 
· matrices 
· over 300 functions 
· Constant Memory saves 
data when unit is off 
· pull down menus for easy 
operating 

UCSD Bookstore 
Electronics Dept. 534-4320 

Open Man • Frt 7:30 - 6 and Sal 9:30 - 5 

I.. ·.1 I 
, , , 



8 SPORTS 

what the admissions office LOOKS 
for in grad school applicants. 

\/VADe E 

~ 

splash 
f I a n Obviously they want the best and the bright-r:-' est, which \\Quid explain the Hawaiian shirt. 
They want the students who stand out-the kind of students 
who have attended The Ronkin Educational Group's Grad Bound 
program. The graduate school prep program that not only teaches 
you how to score high on the I.5AT, GMAT or GRE, but hows you 
how to write academic resumes and personal statements that get 
you noticed. If you want to be the kind of student who gets 
noticed, call now about Grad Bound's !reediagnostic test. 

• One-on-one attention • Aexible hours 
• Unlimited tutorial • Ongoing diagnostic evaluation 

if you want to get in, you've got to stand out. 

• Irvine 
(714) S57-3600 

• Mi ion Viejo 
(714) 76S-3600 

• Palos Verde 
(213) 544-1700 

• San Marino 
(SIS) 308-0012 

• 'v'kst Los Angeles 
(213) 312-4900 

• W:xx1Iand Hills (SIS) 884-1166 
• (I1>nnerly jane! Ronkin's College Bound) 

• Yorba Linda 
(714) 572-0123 

• Or call 1-800-
2-TEST HI for 
more informa-
tion about 
the location 
nearest )UU. 

The UCSD Guardian 

BITS 
Continued from page 18 

I Jeff Ho tetler? Jeff 
Ho teller i going to do what 
Phil Simms couldn't - beat the 
4gers? If this guy i so good, 
why is he the backup? Get your 
feet on the ground folks. If the 
Giant win, the defense will do 
it. Not Jeff Ho tetler. 

I Seeing how everyone in 
the English and Yiddish peak-
ing worlds is ready to give 
UNL V the national title, it 
appears the real question is who 
will be number one in 1992. 
Face ir: even if UNLV 10 es in 
rhe taumamem, are you going fa 
'oy rhere' sa belfer co{(e,r:e ream 
in rhe narion? Did,,'r rhink so. 

or rhar rhey" re going ro lose. 
mind YOII . Jllsr hedgill,r: afew 
bers. The man money is on 
UCLA. The Bruins are currently 
ranked in the top 10, and will 
l>uffer no ignificant los es to 
graduation. In addition, UCLA 
will add prize recruit Ed 
O ' Bannon, who ired hirling 
this year after tearing up his 
knee in a playground game. 
Speaking of bels ... 

I Would you want Pete Ro e 
hanging around yOUJ children? 
The man has confe sed to 
as ociation with drug dealers, 
steroid u ers, gambler - the 

whole deck. He's a convicted 
felon. And now he's teaching 
phy . ed. to kids. Somewhere, 
omebody's getting fired for thi . 

• The be t point guard 
nobody knows about is Golden 
State's Tim Hardaway. He doe 
everything Kevin Johnson doe , 
and Hardaway is tillieaming. 
Once he improves hi field goal 
percentage, he'll jump into the 
top two or three. But never one. 
Nobody touches Magic. 

I Speaking of the Warriors, 
Head Coach and Tearn Pre idem 
Don Nelson has stockpiled three 
fir t-round draft pick for next 
year's draft. It's common 
knowledge that all the Warrior 
need to be a eriou contemkr is 
a big man. Do the narne's Larry 
lohnson or Shaquille O 'Neal ring 
a bell? They beller, becallse /' m 
gerring a headache from all rhe 
gong in , . Pass the Tylenol. 

• Granted, Kevin Bradshaw 
can fill up a hoop with the best of 
them. But if you throw 60 some 
odd shots up at the hoop, you 
probably better score 50 point . 
Until he learns to play defense. 
Bradshaw's pro prospect are 
limited. The NBA is not high on 
one-dimensional players . World 
8. Free proved thai. Gee ... Ihar 
/lame is appropriate. 

I This is absurd. First, it was 
Ferris tate. Now it's Kutztown. 

Thlll"sday January 17, 1991 

KUlztown, folks , i a Divi ion IT 
school. ·Kur:lOw/I. Paul . 
Kul;rown. ' 

I The amazing thing about 
Phil Mickel on winning the 
Tuscon Open isn't Ihal he won. 
And it isn't that he received none 
of Ihe winning. Although Ihal 
sOlmds like a bllm deal if YOIl ask 
lIle. He \t'OfI-give him Ihe 
/IIolley. It's that this collt:ge kid 
had the gaB to fall behind . alld 
rhell come back 10 win . 

I I San Diego the only 
major town in America that gives 
a rat'S tail about indoor soccer? 
Down here, the Socker lead off 
the sponscasts . In hicago, New 
York, Bo ton, San Fran is 0, 
and Los Angele ,indoor occer 
is mentioned right after the 
curling highlight . 

Of course, that's whal you get 
when your major spon teams 
are the Chargers and the Padres. 

« Ben Johnson, Ben Johnson. 
How dumb can a human being 
be? Very, opparelllly. 1be man is 
coming off a suspension for Ihe 
mo t ensational drug bust the 
world bas ever seen, and the first 
thing he does is as aul! a 
teammate. 

Benny should be su pended 
for actions beyond all common 
ense. Ben and Silly Saddam 

sholiid gel together. 
I Benito Santiago? Yikes. 

FROM SHARP MINDS 
COME SHARP PRODUCTS 

EL·5060 
10 Digit Scientific 

Features a 10-digit display for greater 
accuracy. Its 252 functions include 
numerical 
integration, 
time, conver-
sions and 
calculations in 
BIN, OCT, and 
HEX. 6 types 
of regression, 
Auto PowerOff 
and Memory 
Safe Guard. S '1 B. 75 

El-512 H 
"Thin Man" 
Scientific 

Easy to read 
LCD with 128 
program steps 
and up to 4 
independent 
formulas. Can 
operate hyper-

~-

II- USj'" ~~I 
Ii!IClco co.e;,! 

DO~I ClIBGlIjI . • BClcom · . 
••• • 
.. II ... 
.... -

•••• 
$ 40.95 

bolic functions, rectangular/polar 
conversions, exponents and inverses, 
linear regression, prediction, and 
degree, Has decimal setting, display 
format change, and Auto PowerOff. 

EL·5090 
147 Function Scientific 

1 O-digit display. Calculates fractions and 
time, converts degrees and polar and 

rectangular 
coordinates. 
Has easy error 
correction (right 
shift key), a 
random number 
generator, does 
permutations, 
combinations, 
and hyperbolic 

S ... 3.50 functions. 

S ... 7.50 

EL·573 
10 Digit Solar 

Scientific 
Automatically 
switches be-
tween solar and 
battery power to 
maximize bat-
tery life and to 
operate under 

any light condition. Has 3-key memories 
x 2. 88 functions including scientific and 
engineering notation, 15 levels of paren-
theses, constant, power, reciprocal, and 
ch.ln calcul.lions. • 

UCSD BOOKSTORE LJ.SI=-:J 1:111 II , '. I til !I 
ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534· 4320 
OPEN: MON· FRI 7:30· 6 PM AND SAT 9:30· 5 PM 

.... UGaI- \nIII1 

9 FEATURES 

FEATURES 
-- - - - - -------------

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 17, 1991 

When I Grow Up- •• 
II On the playground, kids share 
their dreams about the future 
By Kerry Hall 
Staff Writer 

1squintedintothesunlightasl watched 
the children running and screaming on the 
playground. Penetrating the aura of inno-
cence and purity surrounding them, [ ap-
proached. 

I had to come out to find out what these 
children wanted to be, and the reasons 
why. And it was their innocence, I found, 
which set them free to believe their dreams. 

Thoughts of being "grown up" were 
filled with magical images. 

"When you're older you experience 
life and it is fun and you learn how to do 
any thing," Christina, a second grader, told 
me with a dreamy smile. 

As I sat, tape recorder in hand, en-
circled by the 20 or so children all eager to 
share their dreams with the world, I was 
overwhelmed by their enthusiasm. 

Their simple outlook was endearing. 
"When I grow up I want to be a doctor 

because I like to help people," said third 
grader Jeremy. His playmate, Martin, 
wants to be a policeman so he "can save 
people." 

I realized theirs is a time when life isn't 
so complicated and grandiose dreams are 
still there, waiting to be fulfilled. 

"I want to be a football player because 
it's my hobby." said Geraldo, scampering 
off to tackle one of his friends. 

For some, it was even simpler . 
"I want to be a firetruck," one first 

grader stated defiantly after his friends 
expressed desires to become firefighters. 

"I want to be a OJ so I can listen to lots 
of cool music and make lots of money," 
said second grader Keith, wearing a blue 
baseball cap. 

Dwayne wants to be a veterinarian so 

he can put casts on the animals. His 
favorite patient-ta-be is a bear. 

And third grader Bennie? Well, he 
just wants lO play basketball like his 
hero, Michael Jordan. 

I found that society has an impact 
on these kids' decisions. 

"I want to be in the military so 1 
can shave my head and get bazookas 
and go to Saudi Arabia and blow up 
people," said an excited Jose, stop-
ping a game of kickball to spak his 
mind. 

For these kids at Jefferson El-
ementary, the future is "robots for 
cooks and bullet-prooflimousines and 
robots for ... everything'" Geraldo 
carefully explained to me. 

Rosy-cheeked, eyes wide open in 
excitement, second grader Karolyn 
clapped her hands together in glee as 
she told me how she wanted to be a 
marine biologist. 

"I want to be a marine biologist 
because I'd get to work with the 
whales and touch them and see them. 
I go to aquariums a lot. I love whales," 
she said. 

It's apparent to me that time and 
the burden of pressures and responsi-
bilities have not yet eroded away the 
basic concept of fun in these kids. I 
see in their faces the pure joy of 
playing ball with friends. They don't 
have a worry in the world. 

What will it be like to be grown 
up? According to Christina, "You'll 
really like what you're doing. You 
learn about things you do are right 
and not wrong." 

See CHILDREN, Page 1 0 

Christina Huizar/Guardian 
Children huddling together give the sign of peace. 



THURSDAY 
Dave Sharp 
Ia7 Sharp, lead guitari t of 

~ The Alann, will perfonn a 
solo set along with Buddy Blue 
and The lacks at the Belly Up 
Tavern in Solana Beach. Show 
stan s at 9 p .m. Tickets avail-
able at Ticketma ter (278-
TIXS) and at the door for $5. 
Call the Belly Up Tavern at 
481 -8140 for more info. 

FRIDAY 
Pippi Longstocking 
Ia7 The Children's Theatre Co. 
~ will perfonn a musical 
ver ion of the popular children' 
classic based on the books by 
A trid Lindren. The perfor-
mance starts at 8 p.m. at 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tick-
ets are available at the UCSD 
Box Office (534-4559) for: $8 
students, $12 faculty/slaff & sr. 
citizens, $15 general admission. 

SATURDAY 
Cosi Fan Tutte 
Ia7 In celebration of the 200lh 

~ anniversary of Mozart's 
death, the San Diego Opera 
opens its 1991 season with this 
comedy focussing on love and 
human relation Ships. Tickets 
start at $11 and are available 
through Ticketmaster (278-
TIXS). The perfonnance begins 
at 7 p.m. at the Civic Theatre, 
downtown (3rd & B St.), Call 
236-6510 for additional dates. 

FRIDAYTHRU 
SUNDAY 
The Comedy Store 
r.7 Freddy Asparagus from 

~ the movie "Havana," Steve 
Moore from "The HBO 
Rosanne Barr Special," Danny 
Stone, and Brian Bradley will 
be presenting their own brand 
of humor at The Comedy Store 
in La Jolla (916 Pearl Street). 
Shows at 8 p.m. & 10:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $8 on Fri., $10 on 
Sat., $6 on Sun. 21 and over. 
For more info. ca1l454-9176. 

MiCHAEL 
BRECKER 
• This saint's saxophone 
gives rhythm to Paul 
Simon's latest album, 
By ura HeIsler 
Associate Ms & Entertmnment Editor 

It's hard to think about Mick 
Jagger without thinking of Keith 
Richards. Or to think about Daryl 
Hall without John Oats. Or (dare 
I say it?) Milli without Vanilli. It 
used to be that you couldn' t think 
about Paul Simon without 
thinking of Art Garfunkel. And 
then, when "Grace land" came out 
in 1987, it became hard to think 
about Paul Simon without 
thinking of Ladysmith Black 
Mambazo. 

With Simon's newest release, 
"The Rhythm of the Saints," 
another word-association should 
come into play. It oughllo be 
impossible to think about this 
album without thinking of jazz 
tenor saxophonist Michael 
Brecker. 

If you are any kind of jazz 
afici'onado, the Page H3 

. '. 

~~i~?~1 

• Bassist Tommy Stinson reflects on the changes 
the band has undergone within the last twelve years 
of its existence and what the future holds. Page H4 

The Posies 
• Seattle's atypical 
acoustic band will open 
for the Replacements 
this Sunday at the 
Price Center. Page H 4 

Thursday . J .. HlLhHY 17. 1991 H1 

University Town Center 452-7766 
Flight of the Intruder 

Hamlet Awakenings 
Not WIthout My Daughter 

Kinclaeraarten Cop 
EclwarCI SCissorshands 

453-7831 
Green Card 

The Godfather Part III 
Dance. With Wolves 

Home Alone 
283-5909 

through January 27 
The 3rd Animation Celebration 

IiVll.rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 
.. orror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
No big surprise that acts like Phil Collins, Mariah Carey, and 

Quincy Jones gamered so many Grammy nominati~ns (18 
between them), but the late conductor/composer Leonard 
Bemstein was also nominated in five categories, including a 
bestlongfonn video nomination, where he'llbecompetingwith 
MC Hammer and The Who. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Three cheers for the Rock and Rock Hall of Fame's class of 

1991! This year's inductees are: La Vern Baker, Dave 
Banholomew, The Byrd, John Lee Hooker, The Impress ion , 
Wilson Pickett, Jimmy Reed, Howlin' Wolf, and Ike and Tina 
Turner. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
More tragedy has struck the English rock band DefLeppard. 

Guitarist Steve Clark was found dead in his home on Jan. 8. 
Although the cause of death is unknown, a close friend says that 
he was battling a serious alcohol problem. Lead singer Joe Elliot 
said the band would "continue eventually." 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
"The Simpsons Sing the Blues" isn't the first top five album 

this year to feature characters with voices you don't see. The 
first? You guessed it ... Milli Vanilli. The question is who has 
more talent? They all dance, but Ban can skate ... You be the 
judge. 

By Bryan Dlas and Dave Unberg 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR OUAllFlED STUDENTS 

D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 
7841 Balboa Avenue. Ste. 215 

San Diego. CA 921 1 1 

By DIn Ghahremanl songwriting as "writing your own script." Most of the 
Editorial AssistBilt lyrics are stream of consciousness. "The music in the 

These days, if you mention a band consisting of ongs are figured out first, then I just let the words 
two female and two male musicians, you're likely to flow," Sioban explained. 
find preconceptions of flowery vocals, chiming gui- The fact that there are two females in this band 
tars, and/or a tambourine-filled dance beat. Liquid tends to catch a lot of people off guard. "Many people 
Sunshine defies all these characteri tics with its can't believe we're in the band. We were at a rehearsal 
hard-edged blend of early '70s metal and the present- place once and the owners immediately assumed that 
day Sonic Youth sound. we were the groupies of the band 

. GuitaristCynthiaCoU.Jeandsi~ger ~LIGlU I D~ and thought that we were lugging 
Sloban (pronounced Shlvon) Dixon around equipmen t for them," 
agree that their music feeds off lhe:S;;IJ ~ ~1: II ~ I Cynthia said in a comical tone. 
mutual energy felt by the four mem- - - - _ •• - • - "We might get a little extra at-
bers of the band. "We all contribute in writing the tention at first , but after awhile the novelty of us being 
songs, giving each song acertain edge and a direction female wears off, and it all comes down to the music," 
to follow," Sioban explained . "It's easy to just play Sioban said. "If the mu ic is good, there's no issue 
straight·forward rock chords," Cynthia added. "But involved." 
we play what we emotionally feel inside." On tage,the band thrive and focu es on the energy 

Sioban and Cynthia comprise half of Liquid Sun- it produces. "We tend to put up a fourth wall and really 
shine, the other half being two fonner members of try to get into it," Cynthia explained. "Butthat's not to 
the lamented Pulltoys. After the singer/guit:uist of ay that we don 't care about our audience. We hope 
the Pulltoys was unable to perfonn due to an acci- that the audience is getting into it along with us. Most 
dent, bass player Tim Blankenship and drummer of the time, they don't know whether they should sit, 
Walter Bills were left without a full band. tand, dance, or take a piss." 

They soon began to work with Sioban, who at the The two humorou ly refer to the band as a "happy, 
time was singing in the short-lived band Peruvian dorky family ." When asked if they are as comical all 
Mutt . Once they decided to create a new band, they stage as they are during interviews, they claimed to be 
beganauditioninggujtarists.Cynthia,whohadacted a lot quieter. "You' ve got to be erious about your 
as the Pulltoys ' manager, was asked to play with music or it 's not worth allihe work you put into it," 
Blankenship and Bitts when they had little success Cynthia said. 
with the auditions. 11 was at this point they felt like Sioban expressed her disappointment in the San 
they had something. Diego music scene. "There's lillie interest in local 

"I was the Pulltoys ' greatest fan," Cynthia ex- bands, which makes it more di fficult for the bands to 
claimed. "It took a while to get used to playing with gain the motivation to improve," she said with concern. 
them. Sioban and [ were both in awe of how good Another point of concern was how local bands 
they were." Yet Sioban and Cynthia were not out- relate to each other. "Many of the bands are very 
right beginners themselves. While Sioban has had competitive. For example, before our first show, 
several years of experience in theater and is now a someone had spread false rumor of one of us leaving 
fourth-year theater arts major at UCSD, Cynthia, 28, the band. It stirred up people who were interested in 
has been playing the guitar since the age of nine. seeing us and set a shaky tone for ourselves while we 

Being the lyricist of the band, Sioban refers to wereonstage," she said . "It 's stufflike that which turns 
the scene into a sinking hip. In-
stead of helping each other out to 
raise it, the bands as a whole sink 
without the support of each other." 

The future plans for Liquid 
Sunshine include recording its first 
demo in March and continuing to 
play shows around San Diego. It 
ha been agreed by the band mem-
bers that if any sort of rec6rd deal 
were to come to their attention, 
they will be ready to go through 
with it. " It wouldn't make sense to 
do all this work for nothing," ex· 
plained Cynthia. 

Liquid Sunshine will be per-
fonning at Megalopolis on Jan. 
26, and at the Casbah opening for 
Buffalo Tom on Feb. 8 . 

I , 



Thursday, January 17, 1991 

SAX 
Continued from H1 

name of thi Grammy Award-
winning, critically-acclaimed mu-
ician should be familiar to you. 

But even if you're not familiar 
with the name Michael Brecker, 
odds are you've heard this man 
play - if not on his saxophone 
solo in Simon and Garfunkel's 
classic, "Still Crazy After All These 
Years," then perhaps on a John 
Lennon album, or a Lou Reed al-
bum, or a Frank Zappa album, or 
even a Parliament F lic al-
bum ... Needle to ay, th an 

end, you can 
yourself. 
with Paul 

nd this cek-
and hear bini for 

will be4'._lfIIlOg 

Ihe .\nu., .. 'lnllr hi~:SUI_fI 
In 

(Cooperthin) 
EXTENDED WEAR .... $105 
(8 & L. 03/04) 
BROWN EYES BLUE .... $199 
(Myopes only) 
~ comptlt tyO e .... _· GIoucoma 
I0Il' L ..... miulling & rilling .p., 01 _ 
.......... m_I~·F_'I.\>_. 
_ c." 101' Ful .... 00 .... & roinrG' 
T_IIIOfl'II.,.,.pr,..", • Ofle< ~OI brN on 
.-. 011. good br lQI ..... poIionIs 

Singlo ";siDn on.,. 
·....,.. 11_50% .UpI02OlI. ..... to<. 
light_ 101 1IytioII, 111m pro8t 
"""--I • UV COIlIng 
-119- .Ir...-ct~ 

Saturday, Brecker spoke of his 
current pleasure and success in 
touring with Simon, and also oftt, 
long-tenn bliss derived from his 
solo accomplishments. Brecker 
described the tour: "It's been fan-
tastic ... The music is very alive 
and vibrant, and the audience re-
sponse has just been incredible." 

The vibram music Brecker de-
scribes is a blendofWestem music 
with African, Brazilian, Cuban, and 
Caribbean sounds. Simon's adap-
tation of the music of "other cul-
tures" has resulted in criticism that 
Simon is taking advantage of other 
musicians ' talents for his own 
success. Breckerdisagrees with this 
kind of thinking. 

"It's a very two-way street. You 
know. music it . .. it's differenl -
it's not like it's being 'milked'. 
It's JUSt a group of musician wI'<> 
are gelling together an~ com)i~­

mg .ithelr 
t~nts to 

combina-
of 
ic 

dif-

The UCSD Guardian 

..;xplained. 
"The album, with music from 

Cameroon, and various places in 
Africa and Brazil,mults in this 
unique fusion ofdiffcreotelemcols. 
And I'm very happy dill be's done 
tbaL And it is a two-way street. 
Tbc musicians from Africa enjoy 
it as mucb as we do. It', been fun 
for me to be able to play with the 
Africans because they arc just f: 
tastic," Brecker said. 

Brcc:k.erspoke oftbe~­
rie between the music1tC"8 
with Simon, wbicb is . 
impressive in Light of f 
Brecker himself is u~ to 
charge.' was a tinle . cult at 

'\ 
first [w 'ng] with P ,because 
[ just finiShed t . ng with my 

n group for a t four years," 
e exp~ned.' ere is a differ-

ence becau I'm really being a 
i ~. t now, and I haven't 

ne Ih n quite a while, so it was 
' ffic t to give up the control. 

to' also knew to expect that, so 
It was not a surprise - it was an 
adjustment period. 

"At the same time," he contin-
ued, "Paul has been nice enough to 
give me a small part of the show, 
where he leaves the stage and [ 
playa song from my album." 

Brecker described his most re-
cent album, Now You See II. (Now 
You Don't) wim some difficulty. 
" I would say it's kindofelectronk 
jazz, still u ing the concept of... 
Ay ay ay." He paused and mumbled 
before continuing, '" always get 
into trouble when I try to describe 
music with word. If J could use 
word , there would be no reason to 
play il.l could just describe it" He 

HIATUS 3 

" I always get into trouble when I try to de-
scribe music with words, If I could use words, 
there wo Id be no reason to play it. I could just 
de If.· He chuckled, then finally came up 

I~mmation. "Irs basically electronic 
S ~~I relying on the idea of being 

ntan so- . 

cbuckJed, then finaUyCllDe up with 
ave.bahummmon: .. It'sbasical1y 
eJectroojc jazz thai's still relying 
on the idea of being spontaneous." 

Brecker's album cover is an 
M.C_ Escher iIlustralion depicting 
a flock of black swans transform-
ing into a school of fish. The 
opening song on the album is called 
"Escher Sketch" - tty saying this 
three times fast - but, surpris-
ingly, the song wasn't inspired by 
Escher's work. 

"I have been a fan of Escher's 
for a while," Brecker explained, 
''but that's not what inspired the 
tune. As a matter of fact, I wrote 
this tune, and I then thought of 
Escher."Hedescribed why Escher 
came to mind: "The tune is written 
in two [meters] at once - two 
rhythms - simultaneous 2-4-4 
rhythms. It's hard to explain, but 
it's different from anything I've 
ever written before. It's kind of a 
work in progress .. , [t 's pretty much 
different from anything I've ever 
heard before. And the idea kinda 
conjured up the Escher drawing. 
The Escher family was gracious 
enough to let me use the print on 
the cover." 

- SUophonIst Mlcheel Brecker 

Don'l Try This AI Home, the · 
album preceding Now You See II 
(Now You Don' l), received a 
Grammy in 1988. But Brecker had 
more important things to do than 
go to the awards ceremony. 

Brecker explained with pride, 
"My daughter was being bom. She 
was born me same evening. That 
was really a remarkable evening 
for me. My first child. Her name is 
Grammy." Brecker laughed, "Just 
kidding. Her name is Jessica. We 
actually, for about 10 seconds, 
thought of naming her Grahm or 
someming like that.. . but I just 
couldn't do it. So, I really don't 
feel like I missed anything at the 
Grammys, but I enjoyed winning 
very much. It was neat." 

1988 wasn't the first year 
Brecker had been recognized by 
the Grammys. " I went the year 
before- I had been nominated for 
two, but [ didn ' t win. [ had been 
nominated six or seven times be-
fore for Brecker Brothers stuff 
[Brecker's late 1970's band] and I 
never went. [In 1988] they really 
encouraged me to go, but' couldn't 
do it," he explained. 

See BRECKER, H6 

""'.~." .t." r. ' '''''- . ( f!QP' PRESENTS 11) 
.. -. 

An additional • 

• :$5 OFF: 
any second pair 
of contact lenses 

or eyeglasses 

ASK ABOUT 
OUR NO-WAIT 

REPLACEMENTS 
STARTING AS LOW 
AS $19 PER LENS 

WE NOW HAVE 
DISPOSABLE 

CONTACT LENSES 

Professional 
visioncare 

8780 IIll'IIINIr Rd. 
1'/, miIes.1IIt 01805 behind Carl's Jr. 

578·6796 

IHE REMaEITS 

4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 17, 1991 

The Replacements: All Grown Up Soft Seattle Posies 
By Jennlfw Yancey 
Hlatw Edtor 

It happened to Bob Mould. It 
also happened to Social Distonion 
and many other early-'80s a1tef-
native bands. They grew up, their 
songwriting "matured," and crit-
ics started saying they had lost 
their edge. 

Now it's happened to the Re-
placements. On their latest release, 
All Shook DOMIn, lead singer Paul 
Westerberg has metamorphosed 
from a hard-drinking rebel into a 
sophisticated and reflective 
songwriter, all the while main-
taining the unique sound of the 
Replacements. 

During a recent telephone in-
terview, the Replacements' origi-
nal bassist Tommy Stinson re-
vealed his thoughts on the future 
of the band that has been his career 
for the last twelve years. 

Threats that the Replacements ' 
current tour, which stops off at the 
Price Center Ballroom on Sunday, 
will be their last as a band have 
circulated throughout the music 
industry lately. But "nothing has 

ki1k0'S. 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

peace. 

been said about that yet," Stinson 
clarifiedL "No one's come out and 
said yes or no on me issue. Right 
now, we're just concentrating on 
gelling ready for mis tour." The 
tour, which began Monday in Sac-
ramento, will continue for five to 
six months, 

The lineup for this tour includes 

, , Paul may be peak-
ing now, as a 
songwriter, but I think 
we peaked as a band 
on Tim_" 

- Tommy Stinson 

only two original members. Paul 
Westerberg and Tommy Stinson, 
plus Steve Foley on drums and 
Slim Dunlap on guitar. When Hia-
tus spoke to Stinson in me midst of 
a band rehearsal, he said he felt 
confident about this tOUf. 

The latest album is somewhat 
of a shift back to the 1987 release 
Pleased 10 Meel Me, with its 
twangy guitars and pop overtones. 

When asked to choose his favor-
ite Replacements album, Stinson 

By Walter Bltts 
StsHWritsr 

replied, "I don't know. I think all "We sce ourmusic coming from 
me records on Wamer are my fa- the same frame of mind as bands 
vorites. Yeah,beginning with Tim, like Dinosaur Jr. and Hiisker 
and continuing from there. I think Dii, "said Posies bassist Rick Rob-
that Tim is when we peaked as a ens in a recent interview. "Songs 
rock band. Paul may be peaking that could be played with just an 
now, as a songwriter, but I think acoustic guitar and voice." AI-
we peaked as a band on Tim." though Seattle's Posies don't play 

Fans of the Replacements' the same dirt as those bands, what 
older music shouldn't worry mat they do share is a popsicle ap-
they won't hear their favorite songs proach to writing songs. 
in concert, "Right now. our set list The Posies started in 1987 with 
is about forty percent new music, guitarisls/singersJon AuerandKen 
sixty percent old music," Stinson StringfelIow recording ongs for a 
explained. How does Stinson feel cassette that would make its way 
about his personal future as a into the hand of Seattle record 
Replacement? "We're growing label PopUama. With the addition 
up," Stinson stated. "I no longer of drummer Mike Mu burger and 
look at the Replacements as my bassist Rick Robert , the band 
life,like I did at one time. I look at signed with Geffen and released 
it like a bunch of guy having a their new album, Dear 23. 
good lime mak- The Posies contrast with the 
ing music . I 1Fr~~~~~~~~~~!ffi .. Sea t I I e 
think I have a Sound"- Ioud 

When : Sunday, January 20 . f 
much more re- Where: Price Center Ballroom tn - your- ace 
a1istic and ma- TIckets: 278-TIXS or UCSD grunge, a la 
ture outlook on Box Office Mudhoneyand 
the band now." S c rea min g 

Trees - approaching meir music 
with a more laid-back attitude. 

The focus on Seattle's grunge 
sound has been very positive for 

"The outside hard-
rock image of Seattle 
works in our favor, be-
cause we end up 
standing out. " 

- Rick Roberts 
the Posies. "The outside hard-rock 
image of Seattle works in our fa-
vor," Roberts said. "because we 
end up standing out. . . as going 
against the grain." 

The album is a ringing blend of 
guitars and harmonies, but what 
makes this album spark is the un-
derlying tone of the lyrics. Amidst 
the uplifting tempos are found 
subversive lyrics like. "Honey-
moons will never stan/bonds will 
blow apart/Just as fast as they were 
made/Men and women please be-
ware: don't pretend you carel 

othing lasts when nothing's 
there." 

In the NcXfstation'"computer. 
we've managed to squeeze the most 
possible compurer into the least 
possible space. We'"e al 0 squeezed 
(he most possible computer imo [he 
lea t po sible price, 

go to work. You e"en get a free trial 
subscription to NcXTWORI.I)'"mag-
Hzine, to keep you up to date, 

One low pricc includes not on ly 
(he keyboard and monitor, hut a full 
eight megab tes of Il1Cll1or '. u built-in 
2.88-megabyte Aoppy disk drive and 
Ethernet.The NcXYlstution is also 
equipped with a lOS-megabyte hard 
disk, onto which we have taken (he 
liberty of in '(alling u rather formida-
ble packagc of software, including 
WriteNow, .1fflfhf'lIIf1fim:' NeXTmail'· 
and Digital Webster:" So all you have 
to do is plug it in and you're ready to 

RIGHT 

And to make our ca~c c\'ell more 
compelling, \\,e'll send a free copy of 
the e, tr:lord i nary spn"::l<hheet pro-
gram, Lotus I mprov (a '5.695 \ 'alue). 
to everyone who I'll rchases and regis-
tcrs a NeXTstation or eXT cube 
computer, or an O-W upgrade board 
before Deccmber 31, 1990.-

\Ve couldn'( even gucs~ where 
'QU could make a comparable pur-

chase. But we can tell you ex -
actlywhere to make this _ .. ,~ .... no. 
one. Check thc space 
below ( 0 find the 10 ation 
of your campus rcsellcr. 

I II ·.1 J UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 
Open: Mon - Fri 7:30 - 6 pm and Sat 9:30 - 5 pm 

WQM - BAII07. 1/1711' 

" 

.. 



Thursday, January 17, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Don Juan Relived in the Flesh 
• The San Diego Repertory transplants a legendary figure 
to downtown San Diego and La Jolla in a' ilingual play 
By Andy Clerk. and 
SlmonHobba 
Staff Writ61'S 

"Men of the Flesh" was an ex-
citing prospect. Anestablishedcast 
and a tested format all combined 
with the Repertory's well-de erved 
reputation of providing a "reliable" 
evening's entertainment. 

The play is a modem reworking 
of the "Don Juan" legend, which 
traditionally pushes the audience 
to consider what might have been. 
The same can honestly be aid for 
this production. 

Octavio Solis' work comprised 
part of the Rep's "Teatro Sin 
Fronteras" project, with perfor-
mances in both English and 
ish. Set in a San Diego 
prosperous LaJolla, the nmmJ[:nr 
explores the fate of Juan 
seemingly irresistible wonnani 
The play is in the slightly 
realm of the farce. an ex 
comedy set in highJy unlikely si tu-
ations. Using street taLk, rap, poetry, 
and rhymed couplets, the Texan-
born Solis attempts to explore the 
themes of racism, exism and 
c1assism. 

However, the deeper entiments 
of the production are washed over 

by embarrassingly weak humor and 
unnecessary clowning. 

It all began with a sufficient 
degree of promise. The 
ske le ton-painted I 
amongst the audlienc~~lltMr.;) 
frenzy that acc'omipallll 
of the 
thing 

FortunatelY,Javi Mulero'sluan 
succe fully held the audience's 
attention and convinced all that he 
possessed the libido of a rhino in 
heat. Similarly, his encounters with 
various characters provided some 
of the production 's brightest mo-

ments. Alma Martinez, as a La 
lolla maid, was excellent One 
could believe that Juan had finally 
meta woman whose desire matched 
his own formidable sexual capac-
ity. Alma had the luck to be play-
ing the first of the main character's 
conquests. 

The novelty of yet another 
I>ri2:ontaJ encounter had long been 

as the plot repeated itself for a 
time. Ultimately, the produc-
played out the genre of farce 

all it was worth. TIle actors' 
sense of timing was wasted on 
, script. Indeed, the plot was 

full of holes you could lose the 
Mary in it. 

to Christmas, the Rep pre-
an excellent production of 

!)hallespeare's "Cymberline." As 
several of the 

members of the audi-
moved to contribute to 
upkeep. After "Man of 

Flesh," they could realistically 
be asking for their donations back. 

When: Tues.--sat. Sp.m.,Sun. 
2 & 7 p.m., running thru Feb. 12 
Where: Lyceum Space at Horton 
Plaza, downtown San Diego 
Tickets: $15-22. For more in-
formation, call 235-8025 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS BUY 
(FrrI! consul/a/10 .. a,uJ ,"flial/TN/me", 15 min. S20 IJQlue. FI~I-IItn# clienlS Ollly)' 

BJon,lJne 

Fingers 

legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American Mo:dl ':11 Association 
a pprowd mo:tJl<xls for probtem 
cases and ~nsitive skin 

• Medi al and cosmelic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female staff, state lic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LaJolUJ VllUJge P'r'ojesslolUJl Cntttr Behind E/epbam Bar 
8950 \ 'ilIa /.alolla Dr. Sle. 2121 

'E:'plm 2117191 

SILL 

FIND 

nLL 

WHIU' 

UCSD Guardian 
Classifieds 

Come by the 
Guardian office 

or call 534-5416 

HIATUS 5 

Music For Your Eyes. 

U2 LASERIUM 
What happen when you mix krypton and argon laser with 

me of U2' greate t hits? You get 
an incredible laser-light experience. 
We call it U2 Laserium. You'lJ call it 
awesome. Call 238-1168 for how-

__ H.P\&T 

Slfll"CIMI,.-
times. Then come by for an eyeful. ~=:::::~ 

Reve\/e 
Resident ~d~isor ,ooSjt\ons 

{1PpJ\.cat,o{\ Available 
Monday. January 7. 1991 

(Oblarn ,ob relerral Slrp Irom Career ServIces) 

oriedat\o'(\ SeSs/o/]s 
Wednesday. January t6. 1991 

500pm Why Not Here? 
or 

Wednesday. January 16. 199t 
7 OOpm - Revelle Apartment Lounge 

{1Pp1\caho{\ Dead/\/Je 
Tuesday. January 22. 1991 

4 30pm Revelle Resrdenl Dean 'S OffIce 
Blake Hall 

\991,92 

r-----------------------------------------------------, 

!SAVE 40% ! 
I I 
I SWEATPANTS· T-SHIRTS • TANKS • SWEATSHIRTS I 
I I I Fabulous selection of hot new designs and colors! I 
I • T-SHIRTS NOW JUST $7.20- $10.80 I 
I Regular price $ 12-$ 18 ; 

• TANKTOPS NOW JUST $6.60 I 
Regular price $ 11 I 

• SWEAT SHIRTS NOW JUST $14.40-$18 
Regular price $24-$30 

Coupon offer not good on shorts. With coupon only thru 1/20/91 . Supply and styles Hmtted. 

wtpa,iii, ~)'~& & T:S 
The California Attitude 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE. 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DRIVE #401 .535-0365 L _____________________________________________________ ~ 

6 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

HELP US MAKE A NAME 
FOR OURSELVES ••• 

BECOME A FIFTH COLLEGE 
ORIENTATION LEADER! 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 

BRECKER 
Continued from H3 

"Actually, I had no de ire to go. 
r wanted to be with my wife. But, 
I felt very honored to win," he 
admitted. 

Brecker's down-to-eanh alti-
tude about the Grammys is consis-
tent with the way he views being a 
mu ician. "You have to love mu-

Pick up a referral form at Part-Time Employment for sic,"hesaid. "As with anything, if 
job #OW3478 and return it to the Fifth College you are dependent upon affirmation 

•• •• ~- ••••• • •• • •• • • • • ••• • P ' ft· B 'Id ' 202 MAAC "III F·fth C II IIiJ rovost s 0 tce, UI tng . O!l I 0 ege all the time, then you aren't going ~ 2 fo r 1 2tm= -: . . 1 students are encotJraged to applyl '0 ~: ::;~:.:~ how h' go< im. I valueFltEI I THE APPLICATION DEADLINE IS the music business: "I come from a 
I _ I family of musicians. My father's 
I La Jolla Colony 7770 Regents Rd .. ' 108 (In the Vons ShoppIng Center) 11 am-l0pmS<.n.·1tus.. I F RID A Y, FEB. 1 AT 4: 30 P M an anomey, but also ajazz pianist, 
I •••••••••• ~~.~:n:: .. ~l~~ ••• ~CW;~':=-:S:.I 

From now until January 31, open 
a checking account at any HomeFed 
branch and we won't charge you for 
the next twelve months. 

No charge for the exclusive Image 
checks. No charge for each check you 
write. No monthly service charges. 

But, as usual, there's a catch. 
You see, a free checking account 

at HomeFed makes you a HomeFed 
customer automatically. . 

Which means you'll have to deal 

1.-____________________ --' so we heard mu ic all of our lives, 

with friendly service, expanded hours 
and 65 convenient locations (Plus 97 
ATMs) throughout San Diego County. 

It's true. You won't even have a choice. 
Just open a free checking account at 

any HomeFed branch. 
You can enjoy free checking for a 

whole year without spending a penny.* 
You have our word on it. 

1991 HomeFed Bank. Federal Savings Bonk. FDIC Insured. 

and eventually, I opted to get in-
volved." 

He laughed before continuing, 
"I come from kind of a reverse 
musical family. In most familie , 
parents like their kids 10 play mu-
ic as a hobby , but when it comes 

to making a living, they'd rather 
see them do something else. And. 
in my family , we were always en-
couraged verbally to do whatever 
we want . But the real kind of 
message was that the best thing 
you could do wa be a musician. I 
went back and forth - event ually. 
I just kinda got bit by the music 
bug." 

The mus ic bug bites hard. 
Michael Brecker is u man who 
enjoys playing music. Whetherhe 's 
performing his own stuff. or work-
ing in collaboration with other 
musical greats, he loves doing what 
he 's doing. 

Brecker offers an invitation to 
all who love music: "The Rhythm 
of the Saints tour has been incred-
ibly fun, and a great education. 
The music is a 1m from The Rhythm 
of rh e Saints and also from 
Grace/and, and also a retrospec-
tive of some of Paul 's earlier work. 
You'll enjoy the concert." 

Undoubtably, one of the high-
lights which the modest Brecker 
failed to mention will be when he 
performs one of his own tunes. 
Brecker is not just an incredible 
addition to the album, but to the 
tour as well. 

What: Paul Simon with Michael 
Brecker 
When: Sun., Jan. 20 
Where: San Diego SPorts Arena 
Tickets: 278-TIXS 

r,:--------~ 

I 
I 

Hi, I'm Paul! 
Now YOU can be 
the proud owner 
of my latest CD! 
It's even a special 
collector's item ... 
Just drop this off in the 
envelope in the front 
room of the Guardian 
offices, 2nd floor, Old 
Student Center, above 
the Food Coop. 
Name: _____ _ 
Phone #: _-:--:-:--::--_ 
Entries rrust be receiwd by 6 p.m., I Mon. Jan. 21. Winners will be 

i.-_________ ·_SlOO_ min_ ..... _ -__ cIopoIit_·_~ __ <lwJos __ Ior_non_ . .....,_ ...,,_,....._ ._mu_m<d_ '-_ -__ ond_ dup/_ K_Ale_Ital_<rnen_ '_- _ wil_· l_"I>PIY _________ -...I L selected randomly. ____ ~ 



/ ' 

10 FEATURES 

CHILDREN 
Continued from page 9 

They see things as they are. und 
accept them that way. It', that 
imple. Theirchildhood innocence 

IS unique, when all a~pet:h of "udult 
life" aren't fully undcr<.tood. 

I found these children to po~-

, ,I want to be in the 
military so I can shave my 
head and get bazookas 
and go to Saudi Arabia 
and blow up people." 

-Jose, student of 
Jefferson Elementary 

~ess a rare talent . They \UW the 
beauty in things. the un~poiled es-
~ence. 1 found it a refrc\hi ng 
change. 

I stayed for a while, the un 
setting lower and lower, the play-
ground emptyi ng, the yells grow 
fain ter.! started to leave and the 
radical- ounding lose ran up to 
me. He gave me a big hug and said. 
"Come by and play sometime." I 
think I will. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Chrlstln. Hulzllr/Guardlan 
Karolyn hangs from the jungle gym in the school playground. 

Choosing a Field of Study Is a Major Decision 
By Gavin Christy 
Staff Writer 

It 's an inane question, asked by 
yourparenl (for information). your 
classmate (for conversation), and 
strangers (who can' t think of (I 
better line): "What' your major?" 

Warren sophomore Jenny 
Anderson said, ' 'I'm undeclared 
and laking c1asse for intere I ... 
Both my parents were in history, 
and that has had some influence on 
me," 

She's not alone. 
"Twenty percent of student 

knew what they wanted to do be-
fore they came here, and that leaves 
80 percent who don't know, or 
change their minds after they get 
here," said Neil Murray, director 
of the Career Serv ices Cenler. 

According to Revelle Provo t 
Dr. Thomas Bond, who admitted 
to having had three differenl ma-
jors when he was in college, it' a 
good idea for tudent to take a lot 
of different classes and di cover 
what they're good at. 

"Student arctryingtofindtheir 
niche [here at UCSD]. Students 
should combine what they're good 
at and what they love ... If you love 
a subject, you'll find a job for it," 
Bond said. 

Jo Shalley, a junior biology 
major, knows where she's headed. 

"I want to be an ecologist and 
work forthe U.S. Fore try Service. 
I'm from Lake Tahoe, and I really 
appreciate that area... I want to 

Be the next 
Guardian 
Features 
Editor. 
Applications (including a 
cover letter, resume, and 
clips if you have any) are 
due in the Editor in 
Chief's box by Jan. 28, 
1991. Any questions? 
Call 534-6580 and ask for 
Phil. 

preserve it and [that type of work] 
is very self-satisfying," she aid. 

Not every student has uch firm 
goals. David Fol om, a enior 
chemistry major, arri ved at UC D 
in a roundabout way. 

" I failed out of high choo!. I 
went to Alaska to work for a while, 
and then went to Me a before ( 
came to U D .. . I'm using my 
experience here to figure out what 
I wanttodo," Folsom aid. "I didn't 
dospecialthing to get into UCSD, 
and I won't for med chool. It's 
worked 0 far." 

Unlike Fol om, many students 
agonize ab ut their future career, 
sometimes because of family ex-
pectations, and also because of the 
common as umptionthatone'sjob 
i directly related to one's major. 

"There are a lot of students who 
don 't see the big picture. One can 
expect to have 10 or 12 different 
jobs and change fields two or three 
times," Murray said. 

"A large problem with students 
is the notion that the decision they 
make now i a life-long one, and 
they think it 's irreversible," Murray 
continued ... A decision that monu-
mental blocks them and thus 
they're unable to make short-term 
decisions. " 

Murray feels that "you don't 
need to know what you want to do 
with the re t of your life," and thaI 
right now, students could benefit 
greatly if they knew a little about 
different occupations. 

"Halfofthegrad lOyearsfrom 
now will be in areas you would not 
have predicted," Bond said. 
enouraging student to become 
broad in their areas of skill, and to 
get some practical experience. 

Murray, too, suggested that stu-
dents hould invest some of their 
energy in part-time employment 
or volunteer work. 

"Experiences hape us and 
[student] get a en e of self and a 
clearer picture of what to do when 
[they] graduate," he said. 

In making the transition to the 
working world, 96 percent of 
UCSD students use the Career 
Center in one way or another. 

The center offers advising, 
many workshops, diagnostic 
questionnaires. information on 
graduateschools,and contacts with 
potential employers. 

But. before students start wor-
rying about their careers, they need 
to decide on a major. 

According to Bond, "Students 
should declare a major by the end 
of their sophomore year, and be 
out of school in five years." 

To help them to that end, stu-
dents who are indecisi ve about their 
college plans should be aware of 
the upcoming Undeclared Majors 
Week, February 19-2 1, a special 
program put on by academic advi-
sors. 

That way, when the question is 
put to them, they'll have an an-
swer. 

WANTED 
---A--fCJ.I.R ---
FRESHMAN& 
TRANSFER 
ORIENTATION 
LEA D E R 5 
Obtain a Job referral form at Part-time Employment 
and bring It to the Muir Provost Office 2126 H&SS 
DeadUne for appIcdons: Monct.y, Fea.ru.-y 4 
This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding Job 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 

Group Organizes Rallies 
To Protest the Gulf Crisis 
• Alliance hopes to spre~d peace 
By Debra Bronstein governments 10 general. 
Slaff Wnler Within the la t few years. CWD 

Protest, Education, Awareness, ha moved away from solely gov-
Concern, Enlightenment ... P-E- - emmental films and ha embraced 

-E. A the cri is in the Persian a variety of ocietal i sue \ hieh. 
Gulf e cal ate , the ou tcrie for a cording to Ru so ,have not been 
peace be orne more voc iferou. S Slifticiently covered by the media, 
students, fa ulty , and slaff began such as the home Ie . raei m, bu-
to c mprehend the danger of on- reaucra y, labor mo ements. and 
mct in the Middle Ea t, they ag- di abled tudent. 
gregated to form the Alliance for According to Stephanie Jed, 
Peace, an ad hoc group which associale profe sor of literature. 
originated in early December. "many faculty member wanted to 

According to enior Steve get together to di cuss national 
Rus 0 ,"The Alliance for Peace i issues. but just cou ld not find the 
grappling with 0 many issues, in- time. It took a crisi such a this to 
cluding bringing the troops home get the faculty involved" in the 
and prote ting again !the war. Thi Alliance for Peace. 
is not just a United State versus For junior Tami Woods, an or-
Iraq i ue. but a world i sue. which ganizer of the fa t vigil on Ian. 14, 
a lot of people are ignoring." what is most important is that 

In order to spread information people need to get involved. 
about the GulfCrisi • the Alliance "We need to increase the public 
for Peace has organized rallie , education and maintain involve-
including la t week's teach-in men!. We need to convince more 
which drew a crowd of approxi- people that this ituation is real," 
mately 1,200 citizens. Woods said. 

Russos joined the Alliance for More involvement is exactly 
Peace because he realized that not what theAJliance for Peace is trying 
enough people were informed to achieve. 
about the real situation in the Per- According to 10nfarr Kerlee. a 
sian Gulf. senior who helps coordinate AIli-

"This is one of the few organi- ance activities, "The Alliance 
zations where you can see a visible wants to increase public education 
change. Many groups are involved, and to encourage voices to be heard 
as they sense that we are making a so that leaders will come up with 
difference," Russos said. new means to settle disputes. We 

LauraSaponara,senior,became want informed action. We do not 
involved with the Alliance for wish to see war as a solution in the 
Peace by attending a few of the 
rallies. 

HI am concerned as a citizen, a 
tudent, and a woman. I think that 

students playa really active role in 
social protests and criticism. Go-
ing to rallies is a way to demon-
strate, a way to voice yourfeelings. 
Thi form of protest, through try-
ing to accomplish one particular 
aim, accomplishes several others. 
It gives students a forum to ar-
ticulate theirviews and to reinforce 
their sanity," Saponara Said. 

The Alliance for Peace is not 
only a student organization com-
prised of people with different 
backgrounds, but also a coalition 
encompassing faculty and staff 
members, and other UCSD orga-
nizations including the New Indi-
cator and the Women's Resource 
Center. 

The Committee for World De-
mocracy (CWD) is also afflliated 
with Alliance for Peace. A politi-
cal film series started about 15 
years ago by some exiled Chilean 
students studying at UCSD, CWD 
originally showed films about the 
government and revolution in 
Chile, but later shifted toward 

YEARS 
AHEAD 

by Mark 
W .... $17 (reg. $25) 
..... $14 (reg. $/9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm &: Ha;;cUl $50 
or Highlight &: HaircU/ 

future." 
Although the Alliance for Peace 

began as a protest of the Middle 
East crisis, Russos believes that 
when the conflict is resolved, the 
Alliance will not lose its member-
ship. 

"There is a general feeling that 
when the war is over, people will 
lose their anxiety and won ' t want 
to get involved. But, we do not 
think this will happen. People are 
no longer apathetic to global is-
sues. We will use the energy here 
to conquer other controversies, 
such as investigating where money 
for the military goes, as well as 
dealing with economic issues. The 
Alliance will not die with the end 
of the Gulf crisis," Russos said. 

Educating students is also a 
prime concern for Alliance for 
Peace. 

"People want to know what is 
really going on, and the way to do 
that is to inform them," Woods 
said. 

Kerlee said, "Political leaders 
will listen to those who make their 
voices heard," not just about the 
Persian Gulf crisis, but about so-
cial controversies in general. 

For appointment please call 457-2930 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Su. 2120 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 
~~~~rRi~[L 

[Q)~~~@[N]~[fJ 
~(Q)[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 
50%·90°fc, 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

I.I~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 Camino Santa Fe 

I Y'=t Miramar, california 
(619)450·3323 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

. The UCSD Journal of Undergraduate Research 

GET PUBLISHED 
We will acc pt your research 
papers for any major in any 
field , induding critical essays, 
expanded term papers 
con den ed enior or 
honor the e . 

We will also publi h photos, 
Entri should be black and 
white photos, 5x7. 

Deadline for both research papers 
and photos is Friday, February 8. 

Please submit entries to the 
U$ Grants office In the Price Center_ 

Any questions? Dial 534-3917. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

WHEI WE WAITED A CAREER WITH THE 
Top UIIX SYSTEM TEAM, WE CHOSE SeD. 
~~~ 
loIRRY MlC/iELS 
_ .. J(;"J",,'"""ro 
I .. mo() if Ilbn ... """ if /951 

These computer professIOnals are working on some of the most chal· lenging, rewarding, and innuential U IX System development being 
~ done in the world today. 
~ ltJ PAT\OI*. But it wasn 't too long ago that each of them was just like you, wrapping 
C'; I1" (,,/ I'J'f) up a lot of hard years studying computer science, and looking for an 

opportunity to turn that effort into a career of working in the best profes-
sional and environmental situation possible. 
And when that opportunity reached out from The Santa Cruz Operation, 
Inc .. they chose SCO hands down. 
If you're ready to join them in Santa Cruz-playing with the top UNIX 
System learn in the business-we're ready to talk with you. 
You 're invited to an Information Session hosted by members of our Tech· 
nical Staff so that you can find out more about worlting with the com-
pany that has put more IJNIX Systems on more computers worldwide than 
anyone else-SCO. 
DATE: Thursday, January 31 
llME: 5:00 - 7:00pm 
PLACE: Price (.enter, Los Angeles Room 
To discuss career oppornmities at SeQ, sign up at your Career Placement 
Offi ce for an appoin tment with an seQ recruiter who will be at your 
campus on Friday, February I. 
We're looking for engineers in the following areas: 

~ Software Development ~ Quality Assurance ~ Technical Support ~ MIS 
Qualifications: 
B.S./M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 
Excellent communication skills 
If you are unable to meet with us while we're on campus, please send 
your resume to: 

CoUege Relations 
The Santa Cruz Operation, Inc. 
400 Encinal Street 
P.O. Box 1900 
Santa Cruz, CA 95061 
or C2Il (408) 425-7222 ext. 5600 

11 

• 



12 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 17,1991 

COLLEGE BOWL 
WANTS YOU! 

UCSD 1991 COUEGE BOWL COMPETITION SCHEDULE 

~~U~ft 
ThIrd 

FtlUI 

Revelle 

Warren 

Muir 

~ DIu ldH:11l2D CoDtlct 
The .. Jan. 29 7p.m. Ocean View Rebecca Cobb 

Lounge 534·4390 
Wed .. Jan. 30 8p.rn. Club Med KImberly Day 

534·2237 
Wed .. Jan 30 7p.m. Galbraith Hall Kim Kelso 

1438 534·3492 
Thur .. Jan. 31 7:30 p.m. Warren Apt. Scali Parker 

Common 534-4731 
Thur .. Jan. 31 8p.m. Seqoula Room Karen Mischlich 

534-4965 

UCSD FINALS Sal. . Feb. 9 10:00 a.m. Price Center Coue Room 

Horsefeathers 
• Duct Soup 

plus 
comedian 

Frank Ferrante 
as Groucho 

Jan. 23 • Wed. • 7pm 
Price Center Theater 

UCSD Sl $2 • G.A. $4 
UCSD Box Office • 534-4559 

presented by Unlwtrslty Ewtnts & Student Actlvlties 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 
special creative project! U$ GRANTS funds 
projects for all majors. If you have any questions, 
call us at 534-3917 or stop by our office (second 
floor of the Price Center, behind Mac's Place), 

We are accepting proposals for 
Winter '91 Grants. 

Deadline: Friday. January 18. 3 p,m. 

UNDERGRADUATE 
SCHOLASTIC 
GRANTS 

MMER SESSION 
9 9 1 

Planning your spring schedule but 
don't see what you want? 
UCSD Summer Session will be 
offering over 200 courses in two 
five-week sessions Guly I-August 
2 and August 5-September 6). A 
preliminary course list is available 
now. To receive a free catalog in 
March, call 534-4364, X13, or mail 
form below. 

PleIN put me on 1M 1rtIJilillg list to ~ II r- SlImmn 
&ssion Cllta/og in Mum. 
Nllme ________________________ ___ 

Add~. ________________________ __ 

City· _________________________ _ 
SbJle _________________ .Zip ______ _ 

MriI to: University of OIIifomill, s.m DiegofSummn 
Session, U179j9500 Gil""", DriTlr/u.]oI/II, CA 
92093-0179. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORN IA, SAN DIEGO 

Thursday, January 17, 1991 

COACHES 
Continued from page 18 
Tritons finished second at the 
NCAA Championships. 

Boyd is used to the glamor end 
of swimming - in front of large 
crowds. with big prizes at rake. 

As an Indiana Hoo ier, Boyd 
swam his way to three Ali-Ameri-
can titles a well as five Big 10 
Conference championships. Hi 
lime of 22.4 seconds last March 
till tands as the founh iastest 50 

meter freestyle clocking of all time 
and earned him the spot on the 
National Team. 

Team competitions have taken 
Boyd all over the world, including 
West Germany, Spain, Australia, 
and lapan. 

Although the women's team is 
loaded with returning veterans, the 
men 's team i relatively young and 
inexperienced, with only nine 
members returning from last sea-
son. According to Boyd, this has 
eased his transition, as he does not 
have to deal with an established 
squad with established personali-
ties. 

After graduating from Indiana, 
where he received a B.A. in Tele-
communications, Boyd went on to 
serve as an assistant coach at both 
Indiana and Louisiana State Uni-
versities. More recently, Boyd re-
turned to Indiana to complete an 
M.S. in Sports Management and 
Administration. 

Last summer he was selected 
over 44 other applicants to serve as 
the Tritons' new head coach. 

One might think that moving 
from Divison I schools to a Divi-
ion III school would bring with it 

some distinct changes in the level 
of competition or theathlele's level 
of intensity. Yet , Boyd asserts 
that this is not the case at all. 

"The attitude is just a good 
here, on the whole, as it was at 
Indiana," he said. "Maybe even a 
little bit better. 

"It's the same here. These kids 
all want to swim, they all want to 
swim fast, and they know what 
they need to do to do it." 

Running both the men's and 
women's swimming programs is a 
big job. Too big for one man. 

That is where Assistant Coach 
Darrell Swenson comes in. 

Swenson brings some much-
needed experience to a young team 
with a young coach. 

A distance frees tyler, Swenson 
swam at both the University of 
Georgia and Long Beach State, 
where he earned a degree in His-
tory. 

After being stationed in San 
Diego during Vietnam, Swenson 
became a volunteer coach at 
Coronado. In 1971 he became 
the head coach at San Diego State 
University and remained ...so until 
1976. In addition to being the Az-
tecs' head swim coach, Swenson 
earned an undergraduate masters 
in Physical Education, and went 
into reaching. 

Afterretiring last fall, Swenson 
volunteered his time to Morgan, 
and has remained to help out this 
year as well. 

One of the fac tors that led 
Swenson to choose UCSD was the 
fact that itwasa Division III school. 
"The statement I made to myself 
was that I would only go back and 
coach at a Division III school, 
where there was no scholarships 
[and] the people were really out 
there doing it for fun, because they 
enjoyed it," Swenson said. "That's 
the environment we have here. 

"The people that are out there 
today areswimming really because 
they want to do it. 

"It' really a nice group of 
people to deal with. They're very 
motivated [and] very intent on 
learning and trying to improve 
themselves, so they 're very recep-
tive to coaching and to people 
teaching them thing . It's an ideal 
coaching situation," he said. 

The situation is ideal for the 
novice Boyd as well. According to 
Boyd, Swenson has been invalu-
able this season and plays an im-
portant role for the team. 

"It would be virtually impos-
ible to run [the program] all on 

your own. Luckily it's turned out 
to be pretty good [wilhSwenson]," 
Boyd said. 

Swenson also adds a new per-
spective tothe team. Where Boyd's 
experience come from that of a 
competitor,Swenson'scome from 
that of a teacher. He stre se inter-
nal motivation for the tearn and is 
intent on having athletes recognize 
their own goals and achieving what 
they want to do. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Team members appreciate the 
effort of both coaches and are 
happy with this year's program. 

"I!'sagood [program) forDivi -
sion 1lI," Erik Wachowiak, a first-
year swimmer, said. "The coaches 
want the s.wimmers to be respon-
sible, but I think the most impor-
tant thing i they wanllhem to have 
a lot of fun. We 're about having a 
lot of fun and winning." 

Both coache agree that they 
get a tremendous amount of ati s-
faction from teaching and watch-
ing their athlete improve, as well 
as having fun. 

The most difficult part of the 
season for Boyd and Swen on 
could be meeting two very differ-
ent goals for the men' and 
women's tearns. On the one hand, 
keep a young men's team focused 
and growing as they approach a 
new and challenging ea on. 

And on the other, find some 
way to live up to the expectation 
created for the women 's team at 
last year's national championships, 
when Morgan guaranteed a na-
tionallitle in 1991 . 

University of California 
uc EAP SCHOLARSHIPS 
Pacific Rim Systemwide Scholarships 

....,-
-

_c-
-

c.MI IY.., II. _t_'1 
... oew ....... tyoo . ""'._1 

-IST\(IW) 
.,. 

.... -iSooW II ... 
8oh1Ywl .... 

~ I',. ... _. (Yo.) a._ 
s.. ... tv-I ",_ ~ II. 
s.. ... ~Coa1orI .. "-~ .. __ a...) 

.. 
--ty.., 11,_ ..... CiIr(Y-·~ 

"" 
""" .... ty.., .... ...... CiIr(Y-~ .. 

-

_Cilr(SfE~ .. 
(Yoo) 

- --

.. 

~ II. r_(Y.., ..... 
~.'''' II," -(Y'" a.-

-
--oil I'''' ICU~-' 

-

-($ImnoI 
"" 

A.d4iIiolllll ScholtJrships 
GotUnacn. Oennony ...................... .............................................................................. $1,500 
1 .... , (Judaic Studies) ............................................................................... ................... varin 
Friends or !he International Center .............................................................................. Yarln 
James D. Kline Fund (ror GraduaIC StudenlS) ............ _ .............................................. $1,000 
JaplJleSe Business Association or Souoloem California ............................................... $5,000 
Lell1ingrad. USSR _ ......... ....... ................................. ...................................................... $600 
Minority and Economically Disadvan..,cd ....................................................... $100-$2,000 

Applicatioll DetulJines Vary 
For more inro coolact: &iucalion Abroad Prognm 534-' '23 

Opportunities Abroad Office. tn",nwiona! Center 

Experience AFRI CA 
through the Education Abroad Program 

-"""~ ..... 

KENYA 

FINANCIAL AID AVAILABLE! 
• Requirements: 3.0 GPA 

Junior standing prior to departure 
• Application Deadline: January 25, 1991 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 18 

First, he stole an errant pass by 
Occidental and converted it into a 
breakaway layup. Then, on the 
Tritons' next po session. l ack on 
hit a 16-foot jumper from the right 
ba eline. Finally, after a missed 
shot on the other end, he ran the 
court , feeding Erik lohn on un-
derneath for a pectacular as is!. 

The end result of Jack on ' ef-
fort was a 16-2 run that brought 
UCSD from five points down to 
nine point ahead. 

"I just talked about what our 
goals were [for the season)," 
Marshall said, "and how a loss 
would affect ourchance to achieve 
Iho e goals." 

The Tigersdid, however, remain 
tough, as Occidental point guard 
Hung Duong canned three shots 
from three-point range to bring hi s 
team within two. 

lt was time for an ther player 
on the Triton squad to step up, and 
junior forward Rick Batt did the 
honors. scoring six consecutive 

SPORTS 13 

points late in the game to stretch 
UCSD's lead back to nine, where 
they were never seriou Iy threat-
ened again. 

Batt dumped in 140fhis team-
high 22 points during the laller half 
of the game. 

For Batt , though, it was a night 
of struggling through inconsis-
tency. The normally sure shooter 
(7 1 percent fie ld goal shooting on 
the ea on) missed easy shots in 
the paint all night long. 

Batt, who finished the night with 
nine for 18 hooting (50 percent). 
pointed to hi over-aggressiveness 
as a key to his early mishaps. "I 
should never miss tho e ea y 
[lay ups)." he sa id, " I wa so fired 
up, I guess I wasn't as calm as 
usuaL . . I kept trying." 

The Tritons did receive some 
good news when they learned thaI 
a knee injury s uffered by second-
string point guard Chris Ressa 
earlierthi month was not a badas 
originally feared. Ressa underwent 
arthroscopic surgery on his left 
knee Monday, and will be out of 
action for al least four weeks . 

Education Abroad Program 

Study Abroad in 
Scandinavia 

Year Programs: Denmark, Norway, Sweden 
Summer Language Program: Denmark 

NOW is the time to 
START . 
PLANNING .~ 
your [JD 
studies 
abroad! 

Deadline 
January 25th 

For information contact: 

Opportunities Abroad Office,lnternatlonal Center, tel. 534-1123 

Your best year at UC 

could be spent in the Pacific. 
Australia .to Canada· .to China· .to Costa Rica· .to 
Hong Kong· A Indonesia· .to Japan· A Korea· .to 

Mexico· .to New Zealand A 
Taiwan· .to Thailand· 

• Special scholarships available 

Contadyourcampus EAP office 



14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish CBmpusCenlersprovideswannth, 
education, prayer, socializing. Connect 
with Union of Jewish Studentsl 502 
Manhews; east of the Price Center. Call 
Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . (117·3115) 

Employment Overseas (Singapore & 
others), free details. Wr~e to: ISMUHA, 
Robinson Road P.O. Box 080 1 , Singapore. 
(In·tll7) 
·You can no more win a war than you can 
win an earthquake." .leanneHe Rankin 
(1880-1973) (1/17·1122) 

Attention all Third College Students. Two 
representatives from our college are 
needed to sit on a committee that shall 
oversee the legitimacy of the upcoming 
AS alections. For more Info, please contact 
Third College Councilor the Dean's 
Office.(1 /17·1124) 
Are you COLOR BLIND? Earn $5/hr 
participating In experiments on human 
color vision. If you know or suspect you 
are color deficient call Ethan, 534·2999, 
Dept. of Psych tor more Info, Return 
subjects welcome, (1114-1131) 
The AS Internship oHice is open nowl 
filil1Inon·pald Internships: San DiegO, CA, 
Nationwldell 534-4689 NOW II(1 /14·1122) 

The best Mexican food can be found at La 
Salsa - in the Costa Verde shopping 
center. Check out the great deals on the 
meats. (1117·2114) 

Help us make a name for 
ourselves .. . Become a Fi fth College 
OnentatlOn Leadert G t referralfrom Pan· 
Time Employm nt: bring to Fifth College 
AdviSing. 202 MAAC, for appllcil tlon. 
Deadline: February 1. (1117) 
In memory of Diana Chadwell- Video 
Tape: SOARING. Shown By Southwest rn 
Cable Talevlslon, Channel 16 on cable 
Pubhc Access, Fnday, Jonuary 1 e, Time: 
6 p.m. (tl I 7) 

WANT TO HELP THE HOM ELESS? 
Habitat lor Humanity needs volunteers to 
help bUild homes In East San Diego. 
Interested? Our first triP is this Saturday, 
Jan 19. Call Leny 457-5690 (1/ 17) 

Muir l eadership Positions Avrulabfe ' Pick 
up appl,cations In the MUIr Dean's Office 
(H&SS 2126) or MOM. Return them to 
Muir Dean 's Off ice no later than 
Wednesday, Jan 23rd at4:00pm. (1117·11 
22) 
Interns needed levi's San Francisco 
Division I SaleslMarketingl Exobrackets 
importSlExports in San Dlegol 534-4689 
for information I (t l t7-1122) 
ASIO internships: Pacific Southwest 
MortgagepaidsummerflOallcelmortgage 
wor\( possible future job. 534·4689 NOWI 
(1 /t 7-1122) 
San Diego Convention Center needs 
Management Interns for Spring I 
Adm inistrativel event coordination 
experience. Call ASIO 534·46891(1 /17·11 
22) 
The AS Internship Office has Calltornla, 
National, & San Diego in ternships 
available. 534-4689 or come to our 3rd 
floor office the Price Center (behind the 
AS Senator's cubiclesl)(1117·1 /22) 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 17, 1991 

CLASSIFIEDS 
FUTONS BY WEIGHT. California 
Administrative Code-Title 4 Chapter 3, 
Article 2, Sec1ion 112G, D·l0·requires a 
luIon'sfiliing net weight be known. We add 
1icklng (narural) and sell futons for SI.4OI 
pound. (Gross weight on our sealed 
Detecto scale.) An 8-queen, 70 pounds, 6 
layers, Is S98. The number of layers in a 
futon is hogwash. Always know the weight 
to compaAI &hop and be sure. For pofycore 
addS22 ($210). Roth 's Warehouse,4807· 
F Mercury Streel Thursdays, 12· 7p,m.; 
Fridays, 12·6p.m., Saturdays, 10a.m.· 
Sp.m., Sundays, II a.m.~.m. 292-4673. 
(117·2125) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m, Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but nor limited to companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lalol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A , topfioor. 

Brand New Skis-Olin TDSSR 190's with 
Salomon 557 blndlngs. bOth never used, 
Skis alone retail for $400, selling for $195. 
Call 558·1303. (1 /17) 

Must Sell. Roundtrip ticket. Most Cities. 
$100. Travet un til 5/12191. Call 587-8537. 
leav Mssg. (1114-1/17) 

Surt Club Mtng Thurs 1/17, 7:00 p.m. 
AP&M 2113: Video Runman 6.9 (1117) 
'It is those who believe In absurdities who 
commit atrocities --Voltaire 

SERVICES 
PAPERS TYPED, LASER PRtNTER. 
Term papers, lheses, dissertations; fast, 
accurate, reasonable. 270·9416. (11128· 
1122) 
Study Abroad In Australl_ lnformation 
on semester, summer, J·term, Graduate, 
and Internship programs. All programs 
run under $6000. Call Curtin University at 
1·800·878·3696. (1 /10· 1122) 
TUNE IT UP FOR THE NEW YEARI 
Bicycle tune·up special Includes chain 
removal & free wheel cleaning, adjustment 
of gears and brakes, minor wheel tuning, 
frame & for\( cleaning for only $ t7.99. 
ATHLETE CYCLERY 2n·8255. (1110-11 
18) 
Artists: Have your work documented for 
graduate schoo l or for galleries. 
Reasonable pnces. 455·6873 (1110·214) 
Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hrurs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
Discounts. 558·46441226·1962. (1/17·31 
14) 
PRO BARTENDER-let me helptomake 
your next party successful. Call Matt 558· 
8526. (1/10·217) 
Papers typed! Ouick and aHordable. From 
$2/pg. Call LJ Colony Resumes & 
Professionat Typing. 455·8357. Laser 
pnnllngl 60 typestyles to choose from I 
One day service available. (1 /14·2114) 
Are you having Car Trouble? For complele 
Mechanlcall Electrlcat servicing and 
maintenanceon your car, call OVERSEAS 
AUTOMOTIVE at 695-1990. The Best 
Service at Ihe Lowest Prices I (1117·1128) 
Deadline to apply for summer in ternships 
is Feb.8, AS Internship Ottice: 534-4689 
(1 /17) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word Processingwith editing 
for reports, manuscripts, resumes, 
dissertations and leiters, Student Rates. 
Modem. Laser printer. 9-7 Mon.· Fri. 
Weekend appointments. 753·5964. t 521 
Summit Ave., Cardiff. (1 /17) 
UCSD Specials at LISA'S NAILS- Acrylic 
only $19.95, Fill $12,95, Fiberglass or silk 
$25.00, and ManlcurelPedicure $18.00. 
Close to campus on Miramar Rd. 587· 
25n. (1117·1122) 

112 011 perms and highlights. It's possible, 
but only at Scientific Hair and Skin Care. 
Check out our ad and come In and see us. 
We're above Blockbuster Video. (1 /17) 

WANTED 
MUIR House Adv isor appl ications 
available through t 123. Referral 1f3462. 
Mandatory meeting: 1110 or 1123. Call 
534-4200. (tn·1122) 
Be an R.AI Revelle college is currenUy 
accepting applications for the 199t-92 
schoot year. Pick-up a job referral from 
part· time employment. Apphcatlons now 
available In the Revelle Resident Deans 
Ottlce. Appllcanons due January 22. For 
more information, please attend an R,A. 
orientation session-Jan. 16, 5:00p.m. In 
VI.N.H. or Jan 16 7:00p.m. in the Revelle 
Apartment Lounge.(1/10-1122) 
Genous Entrepreneurial opportunity with 
IInancial freedom available. AmbitiOUS 
Individuals call 271-4940 or 496·3325 for 
InformatIOn. (11128-214) 
The Community Service Officer Program 
IS hlnng t2·15 students thiS quarter. Pick 
up r ferral and application at Career 
Center, Turn In application and referral to 
the Police Department no later than 
Thursday, January 17 at 3 p.m. Must be 
avai lable for service through Winter 
Quart r 1992 If you have any questions, 
please call Beth 534-9255. (1 17- 1/17) 
SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - summer 
children's camps· northeast -men and 
women who can teach children to SWIm, 
SWim team, beauUful pool and lakes In the 
northeast. Good salary, room & board, 
travel expense. Men call or wnte: Camp 
Wlnadu, 5Glen lane, Mamaroneck, N.Y. 
10543 (914) 381·5983. Women call or 
wr ite : Camp Vega , P.O. Box 1771, 
Duxbury, MA. 02332 (6t7) 934·6536. (11 
7·217) 

Professor's kids, ages 2 112 and 5, need 
occasional evening babysitter. Must be 
experienced. Call4S3-4798. (1110·11t7) 
SUMMER JOB, Tennis Jobs - summer 
children 's camps-northeast -men and 
women who can teach children in the 
northeast. Good salary, room & bOard, 
travel expense. Women call orwrite: Camp 
Vega, P.O. Box I nl, Duxbury, MA. 02332 
(617) 934·6536. Men call or Write : Camp 
Winadu, 5 Glen Lane, Mamaroneck, N.Y. 
10543 (914) 38t·5983. (tn'2f7) 
Earn $SOO· $15001 week stuffing 
envelopes in your home. For free 
information, send a long self·addressed 
stamped envelope to P.O. Box~, Dept. 
P127, Albuquerque, NM 87198.(1110-11 

Need Cun? Wedeltver l Domino's PImI 
is now hiring for all positions. Management 
opportunities available. Complete training 
program. II you are 18 years old, have a 
valid drivers license, auto Insurance, an 
excellent driving record, and access to a 
car, you can: Earn up to $101 hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom of being on the 
road, worknexible hours. APPl YTODAYI 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. 
452-UCSD. Please apply after 3p.m. (1 1 
10-616) 

Management Position avaltablel Close to 
UCSD, excellent wages. Contact Ron 
Richardson at (213) 668-0'123. (1 /14·1 / 
17) 
EARN $SOO·SI000/mo. OR MORE Part 
timel Very ffexible hoursl 20 year old 
company expanding fnto San Diego. 
Seeking 5 key people to assist In 
expansion. Call NOWII 453-1054. (t 114-
1(24) 

TRIPLE YOUR INCOME. Make money 
fast. Find out how, Call Bill at 558·5789 
NOWII (1/1 4-2111) 

Wanted: Subjects from the Boston area 
needed for music perception experiment. 
No music experience necessary. $1 OIhour. 
Call 558·1385. (1114-1117) 
lEAD GUITARIST WANTED-with good 
rhythm knowledge and vocal ability for 
existing originals band. We have a place 
to practice. Call John F. 273·2145 or John 
T. 452·6403. (1 /14·1124) 

FOR SALE 
For Sale : BUDWEISER NEON SIGN 
(BRAND NEW) SI000.b.o. Call Evenings 
270-8918. (tltO·1122) 
Camera: Mlnolta X700, 50mm & 200mm 
lenses. Flash & Bag, S225 obO. Jay 552-
8628. Racing Bike: Centurion Ironman 12 
spd. Good Condo $200 oQa. 552·8628.(11 
10-1122) 
n$ for SEX I leading Edge (IBM 
Compatible) RCD with Citizen 1200 
Printer, Sony RGB MonitorlTV (with 
Remote), Word Perfect, Super Calc4, all 
receipts. Worth S35OO+. S11 00 firm. Josh 
792·8248.(111 0-1(22) 

Futon - beautiful color, special frame, 
upgradedfealUres, steeps 2, New,sacrifice 
SIlO, can deliver 226-1398.(1/10·1I3t) 
Must Sell. Only $75 lor membership at 
Family Fitl18S1l In UTC. Call 587-8537. 
leave Mssg. (1/14-1 /17) 

IBM 286, 30 MB HD, W.P. 5. I , AutoCAD 
10.0, more. $6001best. Must sell . Marc 
587·2176. (1117·1131) 
SNOW BOARDS. G&S 165 Halfpipe, Sims 
1700 Ultimate. Waterskis, 65' tmpulse, 
67' CompetItor. Schwinn Cruiser 459-
3061. (1/14-1122) 

NAGEL'S FRAMED: Mirage Sunglasses 
(Dark), The PlaybOy Portfolio, and Woman 
with Arms Crossed $50.00 each. Aleda 
FUll WETSUIT (39 med)$65.00. SNOW 
SKt'S (1 85) (for beginners) $75.00. Ed 
792-9135. (1114·tI28) 
PAUL SIMONI January 20 in San Diego. 
Fourth row lower level. Remember 
Gracetand Tour1755-2708. (1114-1117) 

Desk·Dresser set. Perfect for cramped 
quarters. $75 for bOth O.B.O.I Janet 455· 
8249. (1/1 4.t I22) 

TOP-OF·THE-LINE CD PLAYER. Denon 
DCD-620. I-year old. $398 new. Asking 
$200. Call Sean 587-6948. (1 /14-1122) 

1987 Suzuki Samurai JX, convertible, 
excellent cond,tion, 40,000 m" amlfm 
cassette, $4,900, must see 453·1255. (t I 
14-1(24) 

Jeep laredo CJ7 1981-4 Speed, 4 cyt, 
51 K, very clean , runs strong, Soft Top wi 
Hard & Soli Doors, PS, PB, CB, Stereo, 
$5,000. Call Darold 271·6811. (1/17·21 
11 ) 
New· Never Used Epson Printer-$t99, 
New Huron Mountain Bike--S15O. Honda 
Express Moped-$300, Toshiba VCR-
$200. 459-1 t88. (1117·1131) 
Zenith Laptop, Z·ISO PC Series, 20MB 
Hard Drive, Carrying Case, Software (MS-
OOS, Word Perfect, PW) Okidata u92, 24-
Pin Printer, $1450, 259·9868. (1/17· 1122) 

Women's small : Gortex parka (newish) 
and foul weather gear overallslparka 
(new). Reasonable. Chris 294-7279. (11 
14-1(28) 
Black full-size futon with folding couchl 
bed frame. Moving, must sell: $1500.B.0 . 
689-9871. (1/14·1/17) 

Surfboard 6'0" x 19" x 2 318" Vega trHin. 
Walerman's Guild glassing . Perfecl 
condition with boardbag and leash. 
$t60.oo. 554·0730. (1/1 4·1 /17) 

External floppy drive for the Mac. Cutting 
Edge. Like new. $80 abO. Call Dave at 
693-3072. (1/17) 

NOW OPEN 

.......,IDEO GAl LERY 
'\OSTA VERDE CENTER 

Bille.t SELECTION ill 'M Area • Free Parki,., 
NOW AYAIUBLE: YOUNG GUNS II • MO' BETTER BLUES 

• ADVENTURES OF FORD FAIRlANE • COMING SOON: DIE HARD II 
THE FRESHMAN. LEMON SISTERS 

----------------------Bring This Ad to Bent One Movie 
and get a Second Rental FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday, EJq)Ires 1/24/91 
----------------------

8750 Geneuee in the COIta Verde Center 
JINr 1M Soup~. 4110-17. 

HoUl'l: S/UI. ·ThUTI, 11 am-9 pm/Fri.-Sat. 11 om·l0 pm 

Thursday, January 17,1991 

HOUSING 
ONn room in University City home. $320 
+ 115 utilities. Available now. Stacy or 
Mariam 455-9580. (111 0·1/1 7) 

Female roommate needed, non-
smoker, own room in Spacious Mira 
Mesa house. $325!mo, Incl. Utilities. If 
interested, call 693-1789. (1I17·1122) 

Rooms in new condo East UTC, master, 
own bath, 1-2 people, $800, single room 
$450. 457-0954. (1110-1124) 

One bedroom apartment in La Jolla, 5 
min. from UCSD. Pool, Jacuzzi, weight 
room , sauna. $660/mo. Call 597-
0702.(1 /10·1/17) 

Del Mar Condo, 2 brl2ba, furnished, 
pool, spa, utililies, beach. $425 first. 
$850 thereafter. 931·6977. (117-2125) 

Single room available to female 
NONSMOKER . $350/month +1 /4 
utilities + deposit. Includes wId, pooll 
spa. 3br, 21 /2 ba house located in quiet 
La Jolla community. Call 587-8982 ,{11 
10·1/17) 

WANTED: Two Roommates to share 
Master bedroom in Mira Mesa . 
Furnished bedroom with jacuzzi and 
exercise room on site.$275 plus utilities 
each a month . Available now. Michelle 
271-1361 . (1 /14-1122) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64·91 %), after 
completing their course wor1l, remain with 
a dissertation pending completion indef~ 
nitely. Among these ABOs (AII·B:1·the-
Dissertation) are generally lound the 
brighlesl and most creative candidates. 
Addressing those elements involved in de· 
laying completion, the wor1lshop guides 
pa~icipants, Iram beginning to following 
through and completIOn, panicularty after 
years of inactIVity and regardless of where 
they are in the process. 

Wor1lshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENING 

SPECIAL 
2.9¢ per copy 

unlimiled, 20 lb. Wh 

tt .!:-I ---+1 EIItgII .... II- 15 
SD i J EJoart~ Dr . .! j 
La~TY._Dr. L 

I 1 UTe ,!! 
9360 Towne Centre Dr. Ste. 130 

San Diego, CA 92121 
554-1200 

G-' ,hru IflIl'Jl 

-John 'lui,' ('oIJtog( ' 

A ~ 
l ' Se4b,'t \ 11 7 ~ p.m. d:tt~ Doors Open &1...J....0 ( I 7:30 p.m. ttf~ 

~uffel Dinner ~-( 
9 ::t p.m. l:.i 
Dance i,~ 

TICkets on sale at MOM on 
January 7, $18 for both dinner and 

dance! Prices go up on 
January 23rd to $25,00. 

Room for rent, 4 bdrm house in U.C., 
$362.50/month + util , Call Lauri 452· 
9409. (1114-1124) 

Female non·smokertoshare 3 bedroom 
townhouse near UTC. 325 + deposit + 
t /3 utilities. Janet 455·8249. (1 / 14· 11 
17) 

Non-s moker wanted to share 2· 
bedroom apartment on Genesee near 
Nobel with Graduate student. Quiet 
complex, pool , BBQ area, weight 
equipment. $380 + 112 utilities + $250 
deposit for Master bedroom. Call Gary 
for more information. 695·7815(work) 
450·1 579{home) , (1 /14-1/24) 

Beautiful-Like New.4-bedroom home 
in San Marcos. 2500 square feet, 3 
bath, family room, 3 car garage , 
fireplace, gray carpet. $1500/month, 1 
year lease, (619) 789-8121 . (1/14-1/ 
17) 

Roommate needed. MlF. Single room 
in 3 bedroom condo near Costa Verde 
and Von's.$340/monthplus 113 utilities. 
Contact Gina 452-5966 or Sean 552-
9263. (1 /14·1128) 

Own room in nice 4 bedroom University 
City house with fireplace and large 
backyard. Great location only 8 minutes 
from UCSD. Rent is only $345 and 
includes utilities and laundry. Looking 
for mature, responsible roommate. 
Sorry, no drugs, pets, or smokers: 
Contact John 453·7t59. (1117·1 /22) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommate Wanted ! Own room & 
bathroom, hot tub, pool, sauna, 5 min 
from school. From 1/ 10 to 6/30. $4501 
mo + 1/3 utilities. 457-8093. (1114·1/ 
28) 

Room for rent, own bathroom. New, 
gate-guarded complex, 10 mins. from 
UCSD, across from Renaissance on 
Nobel. Must take over lease which 
expires 7131 /91 . $404 + 112 utilities. 
MaH, 450-68 11 . (1/14-1 /17) 

La Jolla roommate for condo near 
UCSD off Gilman, On Via Sonoma. 
Large bedroom, walk-in,closet, washerl 
dryer, poOl, spa, storage, park·sening. 
$380 + 112 Electric. Non-Smoker. Call 
Will 552·9288. (1/17-1122) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: one(l) black glove for a small 
right hand. Identify and claim. David 
222-5960. (1114-1122) 

PERSONALS 
The Oasis language Program needs 
additional tutors of Spanish and French 
GPA 3.0+ required. If interested call 
immediately: 534-2284. ( t /14·1/17) 

StudyIWork in Latin America!! Info 
Session, Returnees. Thurs 1117 1 :30-
3:00p.m. International Center 
Conference Room. (1117) 

Lead Guitarist Wanted - with good 
rhythm knowledge and vocal ability for 
existing originals band. We have a place 
to practice. Call John F. 273·2145 or 
John T. 452-6403. (1/14· 1124) 

"The whole notion of starting a war to 
restore stability is an Orwellian 
absurdity." (1 /17·1122) 

1/2 off perms and highlights. It's 
possible, but only at Scientific Hair and 
Skin Care. Check out our ad and come 
in and see us. We're above Blockbuster 
Video. (1 /17) 

Are you having Car Trouble? For 
complete Mechanica ll Electrical 
servicing and maintenance on you car, 
call OVERSEAS AUTOMOTIVE at 695· 
1990. The Best Service at the lowest 
Prices! (1/17-1128) 

The best Mexican food can be found al 
LaSalsa-intheCosta Verde shopping 
center. Check out the great deals on 
the meals . (1 /17,211 4) 

Hey Carrie· Ponder this thought. When 
one attempts to enjoy life in the form of 
bowling beware of crooked floors that 
cause balls to curve away from the 
gutter. See ya later alligator! (1 /17) 

Nancine and Cathrine - My dear 
followers, just kidding. Maybe we should 
try talking during daylight hours, we 
might do better in school. Fixing that 
car? What are motor mounts? (1 /17) 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

JOIN 
THE 

GUARDIAN 
STAFF! 
Come to the 

Guardian 
Internship 
Program! 

• Run by a local award· 
winning professional 

joumalist! 

• Meet Dave Wyner! 

Wednesday, 7 p.m, 
CSBOO4 

We're looking for people who 
look at this glass and say: 
"There's gotta be other 

glasses of water." 

We need people capable of gOing 
beyond half· full or half-empty 
thinking. People who see subtleties. 
Who are qUite frankly bored by easy 
answers and off · the ·shelf solutions, 

People who are cons tantly 
Challenging their own thinking and 
are thirsty for new Ideas and 
knowledge. 

YOU'll have a degree from a top 
school. Getting a Job won't really be 
an Issue. Th£: question is: which Job? 
Which Industry? 

You don't want to get locked 
into one area and then discover 
three to five years from now that you 
don't hke It. By then you've Invested 
too much. 

C 1!I9O ~sen C<lnS<Alon" AA & co., s.e. 

Andersen Consulting offers you 
the chance to work on a variety 
of proJects- with chents in a Wide 
range of industries. 

We are the leader In helping 
orgaOlzaliOns.apply Inforrnation 
technOlogy to their bUSiness advan-
tage, Every hour of every business 
day, we Implement a solution to help 
one of our more than 5,000 clients 
worldWide. 

What makes that possible IS the 
quality of our people. And the quahty 
of ourtralnlng. We're known for both. 

Because bUSiness and teCh-
nology are ever·changlng, we see 
training as a continUing process. 
And our Sl23-mlllion Center for 

ProfeSSional Education In St . Charles. 
illinOIS, IS just one measure of our 
cornmltment. We tram you for a 
career -not Just a Job. 

Are you the kind of person we're 
talking about? The kind of person 
With an unquenchable deSire for 
challenge and profeSSional growth? 

If so, come talk to us. And 
find out more about a career wtth 
Andersen Consulting. 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

AllTIiUR ANDERS~N" Q . 

Where we &,0 from here'::" 

UCSD on-campus interviews will be held Monday, February 11th for the graduating students 
with the following majors: AMES, CSE,ECE,ECON,QEDS and MATH, We will also be on 
campus Monday, March 4th interviewing juniors with computer experience for summer 
internships, Contact the Career Services Center for deadline information, 



. , 

16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 17, 1991 

Women's Basketball Slides by Hapless Slugs 
By Dana Chaiken 
Senior Staff Wmer 

A game thai looked to be a 
laugher wound up bringing out 
some hysterics for the U SD 
women's basketball team in its 60-
49 victory over UC Santa Cruz 
Monday night. 

Thevisiting BananaSlugs, who 
entered the conte t with the wor t 
hi torical record of any UCSD op-
ponent, almost pulled outtheir fir t 
victory in 19 tries against the Tri-
tons. 

UCSD, which carried a four-

RAPP 
Continued from page 18 

"The program was intense both 
phy ically and mentally," he aid. 
"Bul it was Ihe be ( chool in the 
region." 

Rapp stanedout on Ihefre~hman 
"A" team, working his way up to 
JV as a sophomore, and tinally 
hit pay din as a junior and senior 
with ,lstaning Spol on Bellarmine's 
varsity quad. 

" I had 10 drop ba eball in my 
senior year. Basketball was my 
passion, and I only had time 10 
concentrate on one [sponj," Rapp 

~aid. 
Bellarmine belongs to the We~ t 

Catholic Alh leti c League, and 
played some of the higheM-ranked 
high seh 01 team. Hl the nation. 
likeSI.Fmncisofthc entralCoast 
Section. Rapp played both shoot-
ing and point guard, but hi s natural 
shooting abilit) olidified him as 
an off-guaru. 

"Occa~ionally r was asked to 
till thepoint ·gua rd slot.·· saId Rapp. 
'The few times I was. It helped me 
to develop my pas!>Hlg and drIb-
bling game." 

Fr 111 Bellamlinc, Rapp came 
to U D. BUI, during hi s first two 
years as a Triton, the senior guard 

game win streak into the match up, 
figured to extend that to five , and 
its season record to 12-4, without 
much of a struggle. 

The game opened as expected, 
with UCSD running out to a 
double-digit lead in the first 10 
minute . The Tritons garnered 
extensive playing time for the en-
tire team - much needed after 
two tough game over the week-
end - in crui ing to a 35- 14 half-
time lead. 

UCSD must have used all its 
gas in the first half, a the Triton 

did mo tly bench-warming. Not 
until hi ophomore and junior 
years did Rapp get orne tarting 
go-aheads. Once he started. though, 
nothing eemed to low him down. 
He took tournament MVPs like he 
was shooting a jumper. with fre-
quency and easy grace. 

Both the Redlands and Roch-
ester Cia ic Toumament named 
him the tournament MVP. Just last 
year. the Triton Tip-Off Touma-
ment named Tim Rapp the toumey 
MVP. He also made the La Jolla 
Clas iCAlI-ToumamentTeamboth 
in hi junior year and earlier thi 
sea on. 

A five-year veteran. Rapp will 
finish out the sea on and graduate 
in March with a degree in Political 

cience. Rapp ha maintained a 
consistent 3.0 GPA through col-
lege. but was kicked off the team in 
early 1989 when he failed an Eco-
nomics class. 

"It wasjust bad luck," aid Rapp. 
" It was a simple mailer of units. 
Since [ failed the class, I didn ' t 
have the nece sary 12 to continue 
playing." 

After graduation. Rapp has 
man_ option . 

"I still want to play ball," aid 
Rapp. 'T ve got everal agcnts 
looking into offers from overseas. 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts. Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 
Next to Domino's Pizza 

FAX IIIMCI --..u, FAX 1(11.)410 .... 
452·9949 

Uplres 2/14/91 

spuuered through the final 20 min-
utes. While the ho ts were mis ing 
easy hots, and even easier fol -
low, the Slugs inched their way 
back into the game. 

ThefinailOminute of the game 
were marked by UCSC outside 
shots, the majority ofShanna Mar-
golis' 18 points, and a series of 
Triton pos essions that rapidly be-
came Triton turnovers. 

A contributing factor to the un-
characteristically poor baH-han-
dling by UCSD might have been 
fatigue among the Triton guard . 

Place like Europe and Australia 
take care of you." 

And Rapp wasn't ju t talking 
about a hot shower after a long 
game. Foreign basketball league 
pay between $15,UOO and $40,000 
ayear, tax-freeinsomecase .Plus, 
the player is given living accom-
modation. 

"But 1 ee ba ketball as a tem-
porary living," admitted Rapp. 
"Eventually [ ' II dosomething with 
my Political Science degree. 
Maybe bu iness or law school." 

In addition to hi other honors. 
Rapp al 0 shares co-team captain 
duties with senior forward Gor-
don McNeill. 

.. 0 other player, be ides Gor-
don, knows the coach better than I 
do. [Head Coach Tom) Marshall 
and I have been Ihrough the sys-
tem together," Rapp said. 

"Sure, we 've had our ups and 
down . e peciaJly when I was a 
fre hman. But we know each other. 
Mar hall lead by example, 0 I 
try and communicate his intention 
to the players." 

"The team' been together for 
two years. body graduated last 
year, 0 everybody know each 
other. We're a family . We work 
out together, study togelher. We' re 
be I friend s." 

The majority of the load in the 
fast-paced victories over Azusa 
Pacific and Point Lorna Nazarene 
two day before fell to juniors 
Kathleen Alvarez and Monique 
Vaillancoun. Those exten ive ef-
forts combined with former start-
ing guard Michelle DiGuilio quit-
ting the team, leaving the Tritons 
with quite a bit of slack to pick up. 

The situation reflected the lack 
of depth at the guard spots, as what 
was once a commanding 20-point 
UCSD lead was whittled to just 
even with three minutes left. 

W.SWIM 
Continued from page 18 
III record at the national competi -
tion last ea on. Boyd expects her 
to be even bener this year. 

"When Capriles came back last 
year, she never quite gOI back 10 
where she had been (before her 
layoff). Right now, she is closer to 
where she wa than she ever ha 
been, and will be an even bigger 
threat," he aid. 

Sophomore Sabrina Lum is also 
expected to make an important 
contribution to the program. 

A afre hman,sheplacedinthe 
top four in three national champi-
onship events, including a second-
place fini h in the 200-yard burter-
fly . 

Unlike most top swimmers. 
Lum did not have· an exten ive 
swimming background in high 
chool. 

Her times have improved 
markedly since arriving at UCSD. 
and the coaching staff expects that 
improvement to continue. 

"Lum is a very talented person ," 
said assistant coach Darryl 
Swenson. "who still has tremen-
dou untapped polential. All she 
ha to do is work." 

If there i one swimmer who 

1/2 OFF 
Perms &.. Highlights 

And all chemical wor1<. Long hair extra. 
n~I-t1me dlents. 

We 5peddiizJ! In .vI form5 01 highlighting &. 
coloring &. long h.vr perm5. 

.aPR 1I.r.s 
Manicures, Pedicures &. Faclalsl 

4130 La Jolla 
VIllage Dr. 
Suite IZ08 
(next to Anthony's) 

457-2004 
Open 7 days a week 

Exp. t/ 24/9l 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I . 30 TAN DAYS. I 
~~~,.. CaJllor deIaiIs • 2nd 30 Ian Clays $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Nol a tefll)Orary __ 1015 ; ~ ceUIe and stretd1 martIs 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 ElfIira 2117111 

The Slugs' aggressive defense, 
which was a primary fa tor in their 
comeback, eventually put the Tri-
ton on the foul line to extend their 
lead back to a respectable I I points. 

Alvarez iced the game from the 
charity stripe, converting fora few 
of her 11 total points. Cari Young 
led the way for the Tritons, col-
lecting 17 points, while Lisa Bea-
ver added 10 from the inside. 

Bernadette Diepenbrock shared 
rebounding honors with Beaver, 
as both brought down nine of the 
extensive number of errant shots. 

epitomizes the mooth transition 
from the Morgan to Boyd era, it is 
Erin Bakey. The most important 
similarity between the philosophie 
of the two coaches is that they both 
allow swimmers to grow in the 
program. 

According to Swen on. the e-
nior breastsrroker ha done just 
that. 

"Bakey wasn't that good when 
she first came here. But she has 
improved every year and i now 
oneofthe best breaststrokers in the 
nation," Swenson said. 

Other swimmers who expect to 
make major contributions to the 
Triton program are Jenna 
Banaszek, an All-American 
butterflier, and sprinters Jocelyn 
Rothbard, Jamee Couch, and 
Christy Parker. 

The women's swim team will 
be joi ned at nationals by what could 
be the be t diving team in UCSD 
history. 

Retuming All-Americans Ruth 
Prange and Cathi Wood formed 
one of the best UCS 0 di v i ng teams 
a year ago. 

The addition of two top first-
year talent , Julie Goldstein and 
Jill Jackson, and the return of 
UCSD diving record-holder Kelly 
Rabun. will make the team even 
stronger. 

The Tritons are planning to take 
four divers to the national cham-
pionships. "The four we take will 
all be capable of finsihing in the 
top sixteen," diving Coach Tom 
Scotty said. 

, If Scotty has any problems, it 
might be that he has too much 
talent this year. With only four 
divers going to nationals. one of 
the five will have to be left at 
home. 

"That could be one of the 
toughest decisions I will ever have 
to make," he aid. 

THE A WARD WINNING 

UCSD GUARDIAN 
ANNOUNCES THE FIRST 

MEEIlNG OF TIlE 

WINTER 
INTERNSHIP 
PROGRAM 
WEDNESDAY, 

JANUARY 23, 7 PM 
CSBOO4 

CALL SJ4.6S81 FOR MORE INFO 

Thursday, January 17,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

[f)[}Da[l !ISS PHIL 'S RECORD IS 8· 7 AFC& NFC 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

PRIME 
PICKS 

BY PHIL GRUEN 

GAMES 
FAVORITES LINE UNDERDOG 
BILLS *6 1(2 RAIDERS 
49ERS *71(2 GlANfS 

PHIL 'S ANALYSIS ... With the U.S. now at war, word ha it that the Super Bowl may 
be cancelled. This would be unfortunate . .. at least for the 4gers, who are planning to 
march to their third consecutive title. Reaching the Super Bowl will take orne doing 
against the Giants. but the 4gers will do it. Easily. With Jeff Hostetler pearheading the 
Giants' effort, the 4gers will probably have a field day. Across the coumry, two AFC 
powerhou es are preparing to bear down and do battle. The Bills haven't lost at home 
this year, and many people are saying that the Raider wi ll not be able to withstand the 
adverse weather conditions in Buffalo. Oh yeah? This Raiders-4ger thing ha come 
so close twice, and its time is overdue. The Raiders will win so as to give the 4ger a 
chance - should the games go on - to, .. well, one can almost imagine what they'll 
do to the Raiders. But for now ... 

TAKE THE 49ERS AND RAIDERS 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

· SEND 1lI. E!mtY ON AN 8 1/2" OY II" SHt£T OF 
PAPER ALONG WrrH YOUR. NAME, VEAR IN SCI-~ 
HOMETOWN, COl./.E.OE YOU .lTENO AT UCSD. "AJOA, 
AND PHONE NUMBER TO: SPORTS EoITOR. UCSD 
GU.IW.AN. 9500 G .... AN DRoVE 0316. l.;. JClJ.A. 
CA 92093'()316. You CAN AI..5O OROP IT Ofl"N TlIE 
SPOO. ... Eorroot's 80. AT TIlE GUAllDlAN OFFICI!, 
LOCA11'J) IN 1liE Sl\Jl)EHT Ce<ruI. AClOSS FltOM TIIlI 
0""' , 

·Au. UCSD ST\JO£Nn. STAFI', AND FACULTY 
ARE El.K)IIt.E 1'0 ENTER. EXCEPT FUR GUARDIAN STAff 
MEMBERS AND .... PI.OYW Of aI's CHICAOO PI22EJU • . 

'THE PEJtSOrII WHO COMES UP WrTH T1i6 MOST 
CCMUlECT ANSWERS. AS D£TERMINED BV 'mE JUDGES, 
Wn.L 8E DECl.ARED 1'KE ORAND Pl.1ZE WJNNI:R AND 
WIU. BE RfCOONIZED WHI:N me QUIZ IS PIt1NTID niE 
fOUOWL"«J wEEK. IN TH£ EVENT OF A nEt A DRAWINQ 
W1U. BE HELD TO DETEJU,HNE THE WINNER. THosE 
cou.ECT EHTRJES NOT Sfl£CTED AS Tlt.E ORANO PR1Z£ 
WIHNER wn.L IE CONSIDEUD RUNNEJt.5·l.lP. 

oONt. Y ONE ENnIY PU I'£R'()N PEA QUIZ. No 
MASS· .... OO\XEIl E.'mUES WILL Be ACCEI'lID. EImlI£S 
MUST Ie AT ruE GUARDIAN BY NOON WEDNESDAY, 

-THE GlAND PRIZE WIJ'II'NEIt Will. RECEIVE A FREE 
DINNER FOR TWO AT 8J's CHICAGO P,ZZERIA. 
RUNNERS-UP WILL ItECEIVE A FREE PITCH£Jt OP 

SUMMER JOB 
CounselorslSummcr Childrens 
Camps/northeast. Top salary. 
Rm/bd/laundry, travel allow-
ance. Must have skill in one of 
the following activities: archery, 
crafts, baseball, basketball, bi-
cycling, dance, drama, drums. 
fencing, football, golf. guitar, 
gynnnastics,hockey,harsebac~ 
English, juggling, karate, la-
crosse, nature, photography, pi-
ano, rocketry, rollerblading, 
ropes, sailboarding, sailing, 
scuba, soccer, track, waterski, 
weights, wood. 

Mea caD or wrtae: 
CUI, WIudu, 5 Cleo Lae, 

Ma.aroaeck N. Y .. 10543 
(914)381·5983 • 

Womea caU or write: 
Cm, Vep, P.O. lkm 1771, 

DaIIIIrJ, MA 81331 (617)9~ 

courage. 

• OIf"ociaIlinc from C;., "'" "'my,_. BRO. Ma.lhcw~ CA 

MlCllELOtI 0uFr BE£ll. OR SOD',.T aJ's. LOC.11'J) 
IN l.;.JClJ.A VI1..LAG.sQU .... A USTOF.U VofN.TlU 
WIll. liE POSTfD AT 8J's EACH WEB: AND W[NJ'IoUS 
J'IrEEO TO SHOW IDEHT1FtCATION 1U CLAIN PRIZE$ . 

This week's questions: 
1. Whatcitywa originally luted 
to ho t the 1993 Super Bowl? 
2_ Who is football's UPI NFC 
Rookie of the Year? 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Milwaukee Bucks? 
4. Who holds the NBA record for 
assists in a sir1gle game? 
5. What amateur golfer won the 
Tuscon Open? 
6. Who is the majority owner of 
the San Diego Padres? 
7. What former Raiders star wa 
named head coach at Long Beach 
State? 
8. WholedtheNBAin coringin 
1988-89? 
9, Who won the French Open in 
1989? 
10. What is the UCSD men 's 
basketball team's current win 
streak? 
Last week's questions: 
1. Who is the current heavyweight 
champion of the world? Evander 
Holyfield 

2. What country won tennis' 
Davis Cup in 19901 United State 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Phoenix Suns? Cotton Fitz-
simmons 
4. What baseball legend was 
recently released from prison to a 
halfway house? Pete Rose 
5. When was the la ttime that the 
Wa hington Redskins won the 
Super Bowl? 1988 
6. What was the only major 
college football team to go 
unbealen in I 990? Georgia Tech 
7. Which former San Di ego 
Padres pitcher signed with the 
Oakland A's this winter? Eric 
Show 
8. Who recently won $2 million 
in a tennis tournament in Germany? 
Pete Sampras 
9. Who is the new head coach of 
the Philadelphia Eagles? Rich 
Kotite 
10. Who is the head coach of lhe 
UCSD men 's swim team? Doug 
Boyd 
Last week's winner: 
Steve Maninez, Third, senior, 
Biochem/Cell Bio - San Bruno 
Runners-up: 
List of seven posled at Bl's 

Reve\/e 
Resident ~d,isor Posit\ons 

~Ppt~at\o"(\ Available 
Monday, January 7, 1991 

(Obla.n Job referral shp Irom Career Services) 

OI'ietJat\o~ SeSsJO/]s 
Wednesday. January 16, 1991 

5:00pm - Why Not Here? 
or 

Wednesday, January 16, 1991 
7;OOpm . Rellelle Apartment lounge 

~Ppt\cat\o"(\ Dead/ille 
Tuesday. January 22, 1991 

4.30pm - Rellelle Resldenl Dean' s Onice 
Blake Hall 

\991-92. 

SPORTS 17 

•••••••••••••••••••••• i UCSD GRAND OPENING i 
= IRING THIS AD FOR A 100/0 DISCOUNT I 
• • • We have our unique line of La Jolla T-Shirts, • 
• Tanks, Knits, Hats, Towels, Bags, • 
• Flyers, Stationery, etc. • 
• PLUS • 
= Visit the Rose Bay Gallery, La Jolla's : 
• own affordable Art Gallery including • 
• UCSD artists • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: Hours: Mon.-Sat. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. I 
• 7731 Fay Ave., La Jolla, CA 92037. (619)454-2360 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

COMING 
AT YOU! 

January 18th at 7:00 pm. 
Only $2.00 

Transportation provided 
Sign-up at Commons or Provost 

30¢ PIZZA 
FOR THE NEXT CALLER! 

In celebration of turning the big 3-0, Domino's Pizza® 
will deliver a medium pizza with your favorite topping 
for just 3Oq, when your order a large Domino's Pizza at 
the regular price. So hurry and get to a phone. 

IT'S TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA~ 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. 

HOURS: 
11 am-lam Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &: Sat. 

-------- --------

30( PIZZA 
Order any large Domino's Pizza at 
the regular price and get D medium 
ORlGINAL cheese pizza with 1 IOPfing of your choice lor ONLY 
30« Extra top'pings on medlum 
pIzza ONLY $1.00. Not valid with 
any other discount or coupon. Offer 
goOd on Delivery or Ca.rryout. 
JUSTASKI 

=::=~= II.~ ..,c.-""' ......... ..,.,......0.., __ .. 
....... -~-­"'''''S20.1111. ~_ .. noI ,..-tor ___ 



/t 
I 

18 SPORTS 

BITS & PIECES / PETER KO 

Elle, Saddam, 
And Tylenol 

J UST A FEW NOTES: • The uper B wI. n American tradi tion. 
Word i rampant that the NFL is 
considering postponing the uper 
Bore now that the ituation in the 
Midd le East ha exploded. 
SilLlllllOn? TIllS is pasl a mere 
silllalioll . Whal we hal'e here i a 
genuille slla[lI . Here' one v te 
for doing ju t that. 

In the words fa n e teemed 
colleague, war i bad. Beallty in 
simplicity. huh? everal thou-
and American~ are probably 

going to die, and it \ ould seem 
inappr prime for a spe ta Ie like 
the Super Bowl to carry on, wi th 
it implied me sage of a good 
time, comp ti tion, and the g d 

Id merican pirit. Let' [ace 
/acls: Ihe SlIper Boll'/ is 110 
longer j llsl a gallle. 

It's /Iowa show, al/d j llst 
gOl'ernmellt approval shy o[ 
becomillg a lIational hoI ida . It's 
the only six hOllr ' in the year 
when 95 percent o[lhe country 
stops. 

W il EN the quake of ' 9 truck. Ba eball Commi -
ioner Fay Vincent opted to 

po tpone the World Sene in 
order to let the Bay Area recover 
from it init ial shock. The 
con ensus afterward wa that 
Vin ent made the right move. 

Commi sioner Paul TagJiabue 
could learn from Viricent ' 
example. 

Granted, the postponement 
wi ll take orne of the lu ter off 
the event - who's kiddil/g who? 
GrowlI, 300-pollful mell named 
Horace will be crying gushers 
illlo Iheir beers- but when you 
get to the bottom line, war i war 
and the Super Bowl is still a 
game. Albeit, a game of absurd 
proporlions. which is hyped 10 
the point 0/ religiousness arul 
never/ails to disappoint. Th is 
game is hyped so much thaI 
nothing short o[ Moses coming 
down/rom the mOllmain could 
meet expeclatiollS . 

Elle MacPherSOIl alld Tom 
Cruise cOlild walk onlo the field 
naked at halftime, alld the crowd 
would slill be disappoimed. 

J UST think of all the hype that could have ari en 
from a 4ger-Raiders Super Bowl 
if the Raiders had moved back to 
Oakland. Frank Gifford 's head 
would be spinning with superla-
tive . Now say "Thank you AI 
Davis/or staying in LA." 

See BITS, Page 8 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Pull Jekyll and Hyde 
• Men's hoop struggles early, 
but recovers for an 85-78 win 
By Craig Eisten 
Guardian Reporter 

Watching the two halve ofTue day night ' 
UCSD men' basketball game again t the Oc-
cidental Tiger eemed like watching two d if-
fere nt conte t . De pite tra il ing by two in the 
fi r t hal f, the Tri lOn ( 13-3) proceeded to defeat 
the Tigers, 85-78. 

UCSD opened the game luggi hly, mi ing 
ea y hot and playing poor defen e. At one 
point early in the game. the team wa 0 flat that 
Head Coach T m Mar hall ub tituted fo r hi 
entire tart ing five, putting the second tring 

onto the court. 
UCSD, however, could not create any mo-

mentum, and we nt into the locker room at half-
time down by two point ,42-40. 

But when the Triton walked back on the 
court after the sho rt hiatu , the real UCSD team 
picked up the ball and never looked back. 

"Coach [Mar hall) gave one of hi in pira-
tiona l speeche a t halftime to get us fired up," 
point guard Darvin Jackson aid. 

Apparently, the team discus ion worked . 
The Triton came back trong in the econd 

hal f behind the leadership of Jack on, who took 
control of the game early in the econd half by 
maki ng a erie o f pivotal play. 

See M. HOOP, Page 13 

Thursday, January 17 , 1991 

Tom Shawcroft banJes for a rebound. 

WINTER SPORTS PREVIEWS 1991 \\O\lE,~'S S\\'I\l\ll\G 

Doug Boyd (left) 
and Dennis Swen-
son (right) lead the 
Tritons, including 
All - American 
Jenna Banaszek 
(above), into 1991 
with an eye on 
improving on 1990. 

THE TEAM 
By Brian ltow 
Senior Staff Writer 

One year ago, UCSD came as close as 
it bad ever come to breaking Kenyon 
College's six year reign atop the NCAA 
Division ill women's swimming world. 

On the heels of the Tritons' second 
place finisb, fonner Head Coacb BiD Mor-
gan guaranteed the team would claim its 
first championsbip in 1991 . 

It is now 1991. Morgan has retired and 
been replaced by Doug Boyd, a new coacb 
with a new philosophy. 

Boyd offers no guarantees of success. 
Instead, he promises only that his team 
will focus on time improvement. 

"There is no pressure· on anyone to do 
anything in our program," he said. 

"We just want everyone to swim their 
best times possible. If those times give us 
a championship, we'll take it. If not, we'll 
still be happy." 

Whether or not Boyd points to a cham-
pionship, the possibilities certainly are 
there. The 1991 women's swim team is 
loaded with talent. 

THE COACHES 
With 14 national championshipqualifi-

ers returning, and four other swimmers 
expected to qualify this year, the Tritons 
will have the depth to challenge for the 
Division ~tle. 

Furthennore, the Tritons boast some of 
the lOp talent in die nation. 

By Ken Perlman 
StaffWrlMr 

bigger crowd. 
HeidiOS the list of Triton stars is 

Carberine Capri1es. 

The UCSD swim teamS were impressed. A 
crowd of roughly 25 vocal, excited fans had 
shown up for the men's team '5 home dual meet 
opener. New Triton Head Coach Doug Boyd, 
however, was nol. 

Welcome to the world of DivilionlB 
swimming. 

It could be. shocking transition for Boyd. 
a member of the U.S. National Swim Team, 
who is replacing to-year veteran Bill Mor-
gan. Morgan ~ last year after the TritODl 

A former world-class swimmer, 
Capri1es became disencbanted :Mdt the 
«Jilipdiaivenatureofthe~llnddropped 
out for. ~ before eadioa up at UCSD. 

Despiteher layoff. me seniorc;o-captain 
sdJl maaqedto set tbree NCAA Division 

See W. SWIM, Page 16 Boyd was disappointed that there wasn't a See COACHES, Page 13 

Rapp Reaches for Record Heights 
• Senior off-guard leads both 
in scoring and by example 
By Andy Gayton 
Staff Writer 

"Another bucket for Tim Raaaap!" 
The applause is loud, but the fans are not surprised. 

After all , they 've come to expect such things from the 
6'4" guard. 

As the team ' leading scorer (24.0 ppg), the num-
ber-two man in assists (62), and with a rebounding 
total second only to forwards Rick Ball and Gordon 
McNeill, Rapp has found a lot of expectations placed 
on his shoulders. 

UCSD scoring leader Tim Rapp. "Right now I feel I'm in a slump," Rapp admitted. 

"But I've also been pressed pretty hard lately. I get 
double-teamed because people know what I can do. 
But that also leaves another guy open to pass to." 

Some slump. Rapp scored 20 points in last 
Tuesday's duel with Occidental, and pulled down 
nine rebounds - second only to Batt's It boards. 

The shooting wizard didn't inherit his ability or 
eamit through hours of backyard shooting. Rapp 
attended Bellarmine Prep in San Jose. 

Even before high school, Rapp played all sorts of 
organized sports, but the Youth Basketball Associa-
tion showed him how much more he liked basketball. 

"I was even better at baseball than basketball," 
Rapp said. 

See RAPP, Page 16 


