
.OPINION 
'The 1990's are quickly 

becoming the decade of the 
"politically correct." The 
quest for a multicultural 
society may be a noble idea, 
and certainly a linle 
sensitivity couldn't hurt. But 
some people believe that 
this sensitivity is coming at 
the cost of individualism 
and free thought/PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Her attire consists of dark 

green velvet. She ignores 
issues like bigotry and 
chauvinism. Part of the 
Society for Creative Anach-
ronism, Lady Shannon lives 
the "good times" of the 
Middle AgesIP AGE 9 

• HiATUS 
Former Doors guitarist 

Robby Krieger will be 
performing in San Diego 
tonight. In this i sue, Krieger 
discusses songwriting for Jim 
Morrison, the influence that 
drugs had on the band, and 
the incompleteness of Oliver 
Stone's cinematic portrayal 
of The DoorsIP AGE HI 

.SPORTS 
'The women's WalCr polo 

team lads to the Wesrern 
Quali&abon Tournament 
this weekend at Stanford. 
The Triton line-up is 
currently plagued by 
injuries. however Coach 
Denny Harper is optimistic 
about the weekend and 
expects UCSD wiD qualify 
for nationalsIP AGE 11 

INDEX ... 
UCSO Clips ............... 2 
OpInlon ...................... 4 
Phom ........................• s 
Features .................... 9 
Hiatus ..................... H1 
Sports ...................... 18 

Academic Senate Debates Controversial War Memo 
• Some faculty memos say January 
memo was confrontational, aggressive 
By Sheryl WolcoH 
Staff Writer 

Members of the UCSD Aca-
demic Senate debated a conlrover-
ial Jan. 28 memo whi h reque ted 

that classe continue and cia ma-
terial remain unchanged due to the 
outbreak of war in the Middle Ea t. 

Charging that the memo limit 
"academic freedom," a re olution 
was con idered at Tue day's meet-
ing, but was tabled indefinitely. 

The memo, authored by Vice 
Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Marjorie Caserio and Academic 
Senate Chair Douglas Smith, tate 
that the chancellor of the university 
has the authority to cancel cia or 
change class material. 

Faculty members objected, ay-
ing that, according to Standing Or-
der 105.2(b), the Academic Senate 
i granted the right to "authorize and 
supervise all course and curricula." 

The re olution sought to reaf-
firm and reas ert the Academic 
Senate's power over academic free-
dom and the supervision of class 
material. 

A petition signed by approxi-
mately 100 faculty members stating 
their opposition to the memo was 
submitted at the meeting. 

History Profes or Michael 
Parrish, who wrote the petition, ar-
gued, "the memo seemed to claim 
for the chancellor powers that had 
not been given to him by the [DC] 
pre ident or the regent ." 

Parrish cited his "concern for the 
question of procedure." 

" The memo had been i ued 

PhOl0 

History Professor Michael Parrish 
without consultation [with] various 
committees of the Academic en-
ate,"he aid, ugge tingthatCaserio 
and Smith hould have contacted 
the Committee on Educational 
Policy and the Committee on Aca-
demic Freedom, am ng others. 

Parri h al 0 charged that " the 
tone of the memo was needle Iy 
confrontational and aggre ive." He 
compared the memo with more com-
passionate memo regarding the war 
which were i ued at other C 
school. 

"[The mem<Y] held out the threat 
of punishing those who deviated," 
he aid. 

Smith defended the memo, ex-
plaining that it was intended as a 
"clarification of exi ting policy ... 
in particular, a clarification for new 
faculty." 

Smith added that he did not de-
sign the memo as a mean for in-

See SENATE, Page 7 

University of California President David Gardner 

UC GULF WAR MEMOS 
• The memo that was 
debated heavily at 
Tuesday's Academic 
Senate meeting was .:k .. ' .... -. 
circulated on Jan. 28 and .; .. :~ •. ~ .. :::'- ........ .., .. , •. '''' 

~~~~~:i~~~ ~~~tlil~~~ 
It was addressed to ""'~ 4.,,,, .... , "'. ''' ''' 
all department chairs :i~ ~~::~::. .... " ... ~ ~~ ~:~~~~.~ ~ 
and program '~'-:-::.~~:.-. '~/··.:..:::~.~1 
coordinators. ....~ 

The text of the memo. in part: 
"The circumstances of war in the Middle East, 
while deeply disturbing, do not give individual faculty or 
teaching assistants authority to cancel classes or to change the 
subject matter of courses at will. That authority rests with the Chancellor. 
We ask that you bring to the attention of your faculty the policies on 
class cancellation and seek their cooperation in meeting the University's 
obligation to serve our students and preserve the integrity of our 
academic programs." 

Excerpts from other memos across the UC system: 
SANTA CRUZ (Office of the Chancellor): "The university must not only 
sustain its normal operations, but must extend its educational mission 
to enrich the campus community's understanding of the crisis .... 
Academic freedom requires that faculty be free to teach and students 
to attend classes." 
LOS ANGELES (Academic Senate): "We suggest that those among 
the faculty who Wish to do so be encouraged to devote some portion 
of class time to a discussion of issues related to the Gulf War or release 
those students who wish to attend significant campus events related 
to the war." 
SANTA BARBARA (Office of the Chancellor): ·We need one another. 
We cannot bear the burdens of anxiety and grief alone. And because 
the structures of the university can bring us together, our campus will 
remain open and classes will be held as scheduled . I hope that faculty 
members in all disciplines will encourage discussion and reflection 
about the war, its causes, and consequences." 

Source: UCSD AcademiC Senate 

CAPTAINING A SHIP 
INTRounLED WATERS 
• UC President David Gardnerdeals 
with budget woes, a new campus, 
and the state of university education 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

University of California Presi-
dent David P. Gardner may have 
calmly fielded question~ concern-
ing the tate budget deficit from 
reporters Monday afternoon in the 
Chancellor's Complex at UCSD, 
but his answers sugge ted there 
may be turbulent times ahead for 
the UC system. 

Despite the major cutbacks the 
UC has already undertaken and the 
fee increase that will take effect in 
the fall, Gardner fears that further 
reductions may be on the horizon 
when the state legislature com-
pletes its 1991 -92 budget this 
spring. 

Earlier this year, the UC Re-
gents recommended a 40 percent 
fee increase-$650 per year- in 
addition to $171 million in cut-
backs to help compensate for the 
budget disaster earlier this year. 

The statewide budget deficit is 
currently nearing 13 billion. 

" The Univer ity of al ifomia 
has a lot riding on what happens in 
Sacramento thi pring," Gardner 
said, stressing that the university 
itself is not responsible for dri ving 
the double-digit expenditure of 
the state. Gardner pointed out that 
he has metwithmany of the state's 
top official ,including the gover-
nor, thedirectoroffinance, and the 
secretary of education. 

"I try to point out the conse-
quences of the state's failings to 
address these problem ," Gardner 
said, referring to the multitude of 
difficulties caused by the tate's 
financial troubles. He said thatmo t 
legislators understand the impor-
tanceofthe university to the state's 
overall development, and how the 
university helps drive Califomia's 
"economic engine." • 

See GARDNER, Page 7 

-------- --



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
UCSD's Floyd Gaffney Dlaects 'For 
Colored Girls' at Lyceum Theatre 

Under the direction of Aoyd Gaffney, playwright 
Ntozake Shange's poem-play, "For Colored Girls Who 
HavcConsideredSuicideWheotheRainbowisEnurhas 
been teamed with Abiodun Oycwole's "CommenlS: 1be 
Black Man's Answer" for a poiot/counterpOint examina-
tion of black relationships. 

Shaogc's play, originally produced in New York City, 
made its way from the New Federal Theatre off-off-
Broadway, to Broadway's Booth TIleatre, where it re-
ceived rave reviews and an Obie Award in 1977. 

"For Colored Girls ..... is a series of seven poems told 
by seven women exploring their feelings and their lives, 
especially their experiences with men. 

"Comments" explores the black mao' s answer to rela-
tionships gone bad. survival between the sexes. and love. 

Gaffney is a professor in the Theater Department and 
the director of UCSO's Contemporary Black Ans Pro-

• gram. Hisrecentprojectsinclude .. Fences ..... Black Nativ-
ity." and "Ain't Misbehavin·." 

The first perfonnance will be held tonight with penor-
man es until April 28. The production will be shown 
again from May 2 through May 5. Tickets are available at 
the Lyceum Theatre Box Office. 

World Order Expert to Give 10th 
Annual Robert Elliott Lecture 

Richard Falk. an expert on international law and a past 
board of directors member of the Institute for World 
Order, will give the I OIh annual Robert Elliott Memorial 
Lecture al8 p.m. on April 30 in the Price Center Theater. 

Falk. who was the research director of the North 
American Team of the World Order Models Project 
(1968- 1981). is also the author and editor of several 
book~, including R eliitali;:;lIg international Law, and The 
Elld o/World Order. 

The Lille of hi Ie ture will be "Bu h's 'New World 
Order' Versus a Beller World." The lecture is free and 
open to the public. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Third Southern BIcycle allalc Held 
To BeneIIt Metdaillealth Alloclallon 

The Third Annual Southern Bicycle Classic, to be held on 
April 27 in Cllula Vista, will serve as abe kick for "May is 
Mental Health Month,"analional campaigntoincreaseaware-
ness about the importance of good maJIaI health. 

The bicycle tour, which will benefit abe San Diego Mental 
Health Association. will be IUD 011 IS,2S,andSO-milecourscs. 
Included in the day will be a post-tour celebratico widt 
refreshments, entertainment, music, prizes, and a communily 
health fair featuring free screenings and healdt and fiIoess 
infonnation. All panicipants and volunteers will receive a S-
color logo T-shirt. 

Theevelllisopentothepublic,andanyooemayparticipate 
in the bicycle tour. The admission fee forthetourisS20.Eotry 
forms are available ar most bicycle shops or tbrougb die 
Southern Classic "HOIliDe" 111!Tl-2885. 
The Peace Corps Celebrates Earth 
Day WIth Natural Resource Projects 

WhatdoBelize'sbarrierreef,Rwaoda'smoumainreserve, 
and Botswana's national parks have in common? The Peace 
Corps is working to preserve the environment in each. 

Today, the Peace Corps has more tlw1600 volunteers 
working in 70 developing countries. The natural resource 
areas include: envirorunental and forestry education, wildlife 
management,appropriaretechnology,nationaiparks/biologi-
cal diversity, and waterlpublic heahblsanitation engineering. 

Responding to requests for natural resource management 
and conservation assistance, the Peace Corps has established 
a new envirorunentaJ program. The program is designed to 
increase the skill and knowledge of Peace Corps volunteers 
and country slilff, and to recruit volunteers with specific skills 
to address the environmental needs of the host countries. 

Any healthy U.S. citizen, who is at least 18 years old and 
hasthree to five years of skilled work experieoceora bacbelor's 
degree i encouraged to apply for the Peace Corps. 

Pea e Corps volunteers receive travel expenses, intensive 
language andcross-<:ulturaJ training, medical and dental care, 
a momhly living allowance, and a S5,400readjusttnentallow-
ance upon completion of service. 

For more information. contact Joanne Townsend at the Los 
Angeles regional office at (800)832 0681, ext. 468. 

Thunday, April 25, 1991 

GUAR.I)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chilli 
ROBIN MAClEAN, AIMtIIgIng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRtNOlD, AaocJa .. SpoIfs EdIttX 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, AaocJafIt FtMfuIw Editor 
JAMES COWER, 0IIIgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, AaocJafIt OpInion Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy EdIIrK 
MElINDA HAMILTON, ~ ftIews EdItor 
MARY BETTY tEARD, AaocIa,..,. Editol 
LARA HEISLER, A8IcJc:Inr AID EdItor 
HEATHER HOl. TZa.AW, ~ Spans EdItor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR, AsIocIIdt AID Editor 
PETeR KO, SiIJCIm EdIttx 
JEtNfER KOLsKY, PftoIo Edlfor 
KENT KORZCN, AaocatIeI Copy EdItor 
MEL MARCELO, ........ GnIphIcs EdItor 
SAHGEETA MEHrA, ~,."".. EdItor 
BRIAN MORRIS, ....... ptItIt/) EdItor 
JEFF QUAN, ClII/pIIb EdItor 
JASON SNELL, ,..,. EdItor 
JEFFREY YAllAGUCtI, "...... EdItor 
Ja.IFER YNCEY, AtflrIEI .... .,." EdItor 

71ItLC1D .... ' ....... ....,. .. ne ••• ..n ... IIlIIfILIIc ............... 
.. UCIO. ............ _ " ... __ ,,_ ........ _~iI_ 
,..-.O ........ _lIoC'C:SO __ ""_ ..... _ .. __ 
...... n. ., .... ..".. ... .....-..... a ..... ...., ....... 
_ .. 7Jllu:3)-.. .. ~"~ ... __ 1110 __ 
_ 1r ....... MI __ •• _IIO.' __ 11III" 

~ 53W5III, ..... OlIo.: »Wot66. ,., 5301-7691 
UCSD GuarrIian, 9500 Gilman DrMt 0316, 

La JoIa, CA 92093-0316 

Thunday, April 25, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

First Price CenterTG to be Held Tomorrow 
By Eric Schmidt tudent volunteers needed at the TG fountain and through the other side 
Staff WritBr will show up. These volunteen>, he next to the Bull's Eye Tavem. 

After two quarters of debate over said, are necessary to ensure thaI Those without student. faculty. 
alcohol at TGs, beer will be back at only UCSO students, faculty, and or staff ID cards will be able to 
6:30 p.m. on Friday at the Price staff can enter the plaza wherealco- watch the band from the second 
Center. hoI will be served. floor of the Price Center. which will 

Despite many setbacks and 10- If volunteers don't show up. he be left open. 
gistics problems resulting from the added, the TG will go on without the Assistant Vice ChancellorofStu-
state Alcohol Beverage Control alcohol. dent Programs and Facilities Tom 
(ABC) department's ruling that aI- The tudent volunteers will as- Tucker said that students hould be 
cohol cannot be served to student sist the nine Staff Pro security offic- ure 10 bring tudent ID cards and a 
in an open area, the tradition will ers by checking UCSD identifica- driver' license if they wish to drink. 
continue with Friday 's experimen- tion cards, assuring that the general In addition, he said, former A.S. 
tal TG. public cannot get into the plaza. and President Jolm Edson "has asked 

But Randy Woodard, directorof making sure only tudents age 21 for everybody's cooperalion and 
student organizations, emphasized and over drink alcohol. assistance" in terms of good con-
that mishaps occurring at thi s ex- As part ofthe securi ty measure , duct 0 that future TG may be held. 
perimental TG could destroy the the lawn next to the Price Center Tucker emphasized that Ihe fu-
possibility of alcohol at future TGs. fountain will be closed off with a ture of the TG hinge on the Friday 

"We cannot run the risk of mak- six -foot portable fence, reducing the event, whichhe saidwill be"closely 
ing mistakes," Woodard said. "We number of access points. The only crutinized by Ihe campu police, 
know that we will be watched." ways to enter the Price Center plaza the ABC, and maybe [UCSOI Envi-

Woodard said he hopes all 30 will be down the stairs near the See TGIF, Page 7 

Newty Elected A.S. Council Assumes Office 
By Sheryl WolcoH 
Staff Writer 

The 1990-91 Associated Stu-
dents Council conducted its final 
meeting Tuesday night before relin-
quishing the seats to the 1991-92 
councilmembers. who then held 
their first meeting. 

Before bowing out, the old coun-
cil passed a re olution urging the 
continuation of funding for two 
fu.ecutive Interns in the Student M-
finnative Action Program (SAAP). 

Citing the fact that the A.S. Reg-
istration Fee Comminee has found 
that thejob description of the SAAP 
interns does not deserve funding, 
the committee has made a prelimi-
nary recommendation to discontinue 
the funding. 

Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC) intern and 
SAAC representative to the A.S. 
Michael Garcia argued that "the 
Registration Fee Committee went 
on ajob description that wasn'tcom-
plete .. . it wasn't accurate." 

Garcia said that the job the in-

terns do is vital to the program, and 
warrants funding. 

OUlgoing A.S. President 101m 
Edson advised the council to ap-
prove the resolution because of the 
council's involvement in affirma-
tive action issues over the past year. 

"This is one last thing we can 
contribute," Edson said. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

WEll. GET" 
flrfOO&I1"5 
f(R \Q m.1M& 
Of\' ~ ~i 

OIIRI~ Irs 
~UMP 

bleAK1-
GNE lo'f. 

~\~! 
~~~~ 

"OJ . 

I 

Under Edson's leadership, this 
year's A.S. Council has received 
praise for its hard work and ability 
to work as a group. Similar praise 
was offered Tuesday night. 

"You did an incredible job thi 
year," Student Government Advi-
sor Randy Woodard told Ihe coun-
cil. "This has been one of the best 
experience forme in Ihe last fouror 
five years. 

"You have made my year. You 
have made my job wonhwhile .. .. 
I'll probably lick it out for a few 
more years." 

"It's been an awesome year," 
said outgoing Vice President Ad-
ministrative Ruben Duran. But he 
admitted that the year "hasn' t been 
easy." 

"It's not easy being a member of 
council," Duran said. 

Incoming A.S. Presidenl 
Augustin Orolocosaid thatoneofhis 
first priorities will be the upcoming 
40 percent student fee increase. 

He said that he hopes to continue 
See A.S. , Page 16 

by Bill Watterson 

~" <i'ROIIOSS 
tSr C1.~ Il\ "tIE '"~"""".I 
\ 
S J ,I,: 

NEWS 3 

___ AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR __ _ 

I 
I 
I 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \NV and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ·ASE Certified 
-------------------------

'Must p.senl coupon ond valid UCSO ID at time of estimate . 
Not valid with mojor engine or hansmlsslon repolrs. 

[
--' 1 CALL t-J :450-94941 

E _. 
ASC 

• '0\ h ' , 
"·O'fSS~'I S ­'~Hc.o''''' N'i<f 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

I 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

------_._ .. _-_ ... _----_ .. _._---_ .... 

Bring a friend ... 
Buy one ice cream. 
treat and get the 
second (at equal 
or greater 
value) at 
1/2 price! 

&DIEt. 
aERRYS. 
VERMONT'S FIKEST 
AtLHATVRAL 
ICE CREAM • 

41 SO llegents Park llow 
La Jolla • 687-3680 

L& JolI& Villase Dr. 

Offer explreB AprU 30. 1991 



4 OPINION 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

• Politically correct thought 
takes more than it gives 
By Greg Knauss 
Staff Writer 

1be latest inreUectual fad 10 weep the country. 
including UCSD, i called "political correctness" or 
"PC."1be theoIy behind PC is thaI many negative 
societal "-isms" - racism, sexism, etc. - can be 
bred out of American culrure if they are simply 001 
allowed to rear their heads. 

The idea IhaJ by suppressing people's ability to 
use words like "fag." "kike," "wop," or any number 
of other slws. they will slowly lose their porency and 
the feelings associated with them will disappear. 

This belief has manifested itself at UCSD with 
the creation of the "fighting words" policy. While on 
campus, if you use words that could provoke 
another person into physically harming you, you 
many be disciplined by the school, even to the point 
of expulsion. 

To it admirers, PC is a way to remove 
cultural, sexual, and ethnic insensitivity from 
society. To its detractors, PC verges on social 
fascism, a ignificant threat to the freedom that 
is the basis of American society. 

Call me a detractor. The entire idea of 
politicaUy correct thought, with its ban on 
certain forms of peech. is completely antitheti-
cal to any notion of personal liberty . What PC 
amounts to, in bald terms, is enforced enlightenment 

See FASCISM. Page 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

Everyone wins when they 
are more sensitive to others 
By Brian Itow 
Sellior Staff Writer 

Sensitivity does not have to be a zero-sum game. 
There does 001 have 10 be a winner and a loser. 
Everyone can win simply by being more aware of 
0Ihers. 

It seems that a lol of the problems which develop 
between different groups on campus stem from a lack. 
of awareness. And they always seem to come out in 
one form or anochec. 

This year. they have been on display at Muir 
CoUege, where one prominent council member's lack. 
of sensitivity and awarmcss have caused a persistent 
tension throughout her tenure in office. 

It began last fall when organizers of a campus 
dance had the deejays, who were of African-Ameri-
can descent, playa sample of their music earlier in the 
day. During that noon hour, the only people dancing 
were African-Americans, but a mixed group danced 
lata that night 

At a meeting of the Muir College Council a 
few days later, the council member got in trouble 
when she described what took place. 

She said that the group that was dancing 
during the day was very segregated, but that at 
night it didn't matter because nobody could tell 
who anyone was. 

question that immediately came to the minds of 
See SENSmVlTY, Page 6 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Colleges' Quest for 'MulticuHuralism' is a Battle for Hearts and Minds 
By Ben Boychuk 
Opinion Editor 

Once upon a time, the American univer-
sity was seen as a place where men imd 
women could go in search of knowledge and 
a greater understanding of the world around 
them. The goal of the university was to pro-
mote knowledge for the ake of knowledge. 
The university was very much an "ivory tower" 
- a place somewhat aloof from "the real 
world." The very word "university" implies a 
eparate world within a world 

Butthe tumultuous occurrences of the '60 
changed all that. Forthe first time, the univer-
sity was truly thrust into the real world. Uni-
versities uch as Berkeley, Columbia, and 
Kent State became notorious for their activist 
position in favor of freedom of speech and 
civil rights, as well as their vehement tance 
against America's involvement in the Viet-
nam War. 

Out of those conflicts emerged the notion 
that the university can and should be an active 
locus for progressive social change. But in the 
20 years that have elapsed since the "radical" 
revolution, the quest for social justice has 
evolved from a noble pursuit into an impas-
sioned obsession. 

Now,the traditional notion of knowledge 
for knowledge's sake has come under attack 
as racist, classist, sex.ist, imperialist, and gen-
erally exclusionist and oppressi ve. Traditional 
Western thought has not only been the subject 
of intense criticism (not that criticism is such 
a bad thing), but has been judged and con-
victed by a growing cadre of academic as 
the source of all that is evil in society. 

One of the most significant consequences 
of the Civil Rights Movement of the '60s has 
been the emergence of "multiculturalism" -
the belief in the equality of all groups. 
Multiculturalism is an ideology which, in 
theory, is supposed to affmn the uniqueness 
and worth of each person. It is the acceptance 
of a world view based on many cultures. 

It follows that accepting the ideals of West-
em culture as the gospel truth and without 
investigation of other existing cultures is a 
bad thing. The quest for knowledge can only 
be furthered by one's investigation of other 
cultures. 

And certainly the truly open-minded aca-
demic can see that Western culture as re-
flected throughout history has not always 
lived up to its own ideals. Centuries of sla-
very, institutionalized ineq uality, and a tradi-
tion of treating women as second-class citi-
zens does not reflect well on the noble ideals 

Prince Chapel 
bytbe Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La. Jolla, CA 92037 
(619) 459-0272 

Church Scbool9:00 a.m. 
Worship 10:00 a·m. 

Bible Studu 7:00 p.m. 
'fuesday' 

"1'eeI the 8pbtt" RAdIo 
IInIdcut &lIZ (1210 All) 

neIJ IaDday 11:31).12 }lfooa 

Dr. IL T. Calloway. Putor 
"A Church For People 

on the Grow" 

put forth by the great philo ophers. The fact 
that most of those great philosophers were 
white males is constantly pointed out by 
Western culture's fiercest critics. 

Taken to a point, tho e critic have valid 
arguments. There is no question that minori-
ties have been given the short end of the stick 
in this country. There is no question that the 
injustices of the past need to be reconciled. 

But the "radical" reformers have taken 
their point beyond rationality. Today, rea-
soned, intelligent debate has been replaced 
with immediate demands for "reform," knee-
jerk accusations of "racism" and "sexism," 
and extremely high racial tens.ion. Through it 
all , "understanding" seems to have been lost 
in the shuffle. 

Today, the radicals are winning, which is 
unfortunate. The quest for "cultural diver-
sity," and "understanding" has been perverted 
into a political struggle for power. Officials 
from universities across the nation - includ-
ing the University of California - have been 
extremely sympathetic to the radicals ' cru-
sade, most likely because they wish to avoid 
the negative public image which could arise 
from "racial incidents." Calculated public 
events, such as a rally at Stanford in 1987, in 
which Jesse Jackson led students in chants of 
"Hey, hey, bo, ho, Western culture's got to 
go,"pullalotofweightwithspinelesscampus 

I 

Marc Uplergrove/Guardian 

administrators. A a result, colleges and uni-
versities allover America have conceded to 
many of the ridiculous demands of this new 
"cult of multiculturalism." 

As a result of the rally, and the lateroccu-
pation of President Donald Kennedy's office 
at Stanford, that college decided to drop its 
Western civilization requirement in favorofa 
"cultural diversity" requirement which vi rlu-
allyeliminatedall reference to Western works. 
Many colleges across the country have fol -
lowed Stanford's lead. 

Additionally, numerous universities have 
implemented rules regulating tudent expres-
sion.ln Fall 1989. the University of California 
implemented the "fighting word " policy, 
which prohibits any words or expressions 
which are " inherently likely to provoke a 
violent reaction, whether of not they actually 
do so." The policy states that such words 
include, "those terms widely recognized to be 
derogatory to race, ethnicity, sex, sexual ori-
entation, disability, and other personal char-
acteristics. " 

The policy is clearly designed to protect 
groups which have long been the victims of 
verbal and sometimes physical harassment. 
But the fact of the maner is, these regulations 
are meant to limit the expression of the indi-
vidual. 

This university-sanctioned censorship, in 

UCSD'S FAC 

50% -90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

• LIMITED • TWEEDS • EXPRESS 
• LINE-UP • MEMBERS ONLY 

• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 

LA JOLLA VILAGE DR. EAST PAST HWY. 805 
LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON LEFT) ... EASYI 

addition to the increasingly successful efforts 
by radical academics to "reform" the curricu-
lum amounts to nothing.less than politically 
and ideologically-motivated thought control 
in the name of justice, egalitarianism, and 
diver~ity. 

l11e perversion of diversity is described in 
crystal-clear detail by Dinesh D'Souza, au-
thor of Illiberal Educoriol/ . "Diver ity," 
D'Souza writes, "no longe r refers to a range of 
views on a disputed question but rather entails 
enli ting in a whole set of ideological causes 
that are identified as being' for diversity ... ' 

Thus, in the quest for "diversity," colleges 
and universities buckle under the far-out de-
mands of students and faculty, lowering aca-
demic standards for admission and gradua-
tion, enforcing specch restrictions, and im-
posing" ensitivity" un the student body. 

The new motto of the uni versity seems to 
be "Let us win your hearts and minds,orwe'U 
brand you a racist. sexist, elitist, and any other 
' -ist' we can think of because you are not 
cooperating with our plans to achieve a 
multicultural utopia." 

The relatively recent idea that, in matters 
of multiculturalism and diversity, there is 
such thing as a right and wrong opinion has 
recently surfaced at UCSD. The Student Af-
fi rmati ve Action Commillee . s (SAAC) q uar-
rei with the editorial content of the Guardian 
is an excellent example that racial tension is 
alive and well at UCSD. To be sure, SAAC's 
goal to promote "awarene s" where it was 
lacking was successful. In some cases, its 
complaints were valid. 

But some of its members cros ed the line 
when they began to question the correctnes 
of some of the commentaries that have ap-
peared in the Opinion section from time to 
time. The implicit message in those particular 
complaints was that the opinions expressed 
wcre "wrong," and should have not been 
published. By thi s line of thinking, any opin-
ion which could be perceived as remotely 
offensive or insensitive hould eitherbe "cor-
rected," or not published at all. 

It is difficult to accept the notion that 
SAAC's recent action was motivated entirely 
by a desire to right social and cultural wrongs. 
Rather, the action seemed to be very much a 
politically motivated attack, partially in hope 
of discrediting an ideological opponent. 

Forex.ample, several SAAC members in-
sisted on pointing out that the Guardian, 
"seems likea pretty right-wingpaper"Maybe. 
But what does political orientation have to do 

See MINDS, Page 11 

E':,:: , " 



6 OPINION 

FASCISM 
Continued from page 4 
- dictated sensitivity. It announces that 
becau e you have not managed to become a 
good person on your own, goodness will be 
forced on you. And that's wrong. 

Freedom, the liberty of the individual, has 
been !he foundation of American society since 
its inception. The Declaration oflndependence 
-!hemornJcompassofourcountry-includes 
among itsenurnemted rightsspecifi mention of 
"Liberty." And part of thatlibeny, for bener or 
for worse, is the freedom to be a bigot. It' s not a 
goodtbing to be-far from it - but whether to 
be one or not is a choice that every person should 
have the ability to make on one's own. 

Adminedly, the idea behind PC d have a 
cenain anractiveness. It's an attempt to limil the 
individual libenies of anyone person, M> that 

iet)' as a whole may benefit. This same idea 

14 
4688 Corwoy SL 

Ks!O'ny!.tesa 
576-8542 

t3 
32nd & !.tain 
San Otego 
281·9083 

'2 1800 B Rosecrans 
PI. Lema 

225-0279 
'1 J4.4 3 UlWefsily 

NoM Park 
280-9883 

, We bag every comic 
, Games & Cards 
, We offer Free Discounts 
, In Slore subsCliplion service 
• We're open until? p.m. every day 

Pasadena area Day Camp 
seeks Strong, Positive, 

Out-golng Rol~Models to 
work as group counselors 

with 3-14 year olds and 
as Instructors for horse 
back riding, swimming 
and outdoor activities. 
Competitive salaries 

and lots of fun. 
Call (818)794-1156 

The UCSDGuardian 

allows us to creaIe traffic laws: You sacrifice 
your right to drive rnndoml y for the larger safety 
of society. 

Yet when this idea is applied to free speech. 
it takes on a much more inister tone. The 
supporters of PC justify their beliefs with the 
argument that words have meaning, that each 
hasaspecific intent behind it "Nigger," they say, 
can harm. But it is specifically because words 
have meaning that they should be protected, 
unlimited, and completely freed for use. Edited 
language is ew peak. 

Politically correct censorship remains cen-
sorship and if one word is removed from the 
language, every word becomes vulnerable. Es-
tablish a precedent and it can be used again. 

Politically correct thought i just that. politi-
cally correct. It i without moral justification and 
is empty of ethical content When we compro-
mise our rights in the name of "political correct· 
ness." we give up infinitely more. 

SENSI11VJTY 
Continued from page 4 
some people in the room was: What did the 
council member mean by her rertl8Ik? Was she 
referring to the color of people's skin when she 
said you couldn't teU who anyone was? 

Probably not. The council nnember in ques-
tion is not racist. It 's like! y she was unaware of the 
implications of her remarIcs. She probably just 
didn't reaIiz.e that her statement, however inn0-
cent, would cause tension within the council that 
would last throughout her tenure. 

Would that coWlCil member have made her 
remark if the deejays had been playing progres-
sive rock music, and no wxlcrrepresented sru· 
dents were dancing? It 's doubd'ul. because she 
would nol have been aware of the segregation. 
She would not have seen it because it would not 
have been all that important 10 her. 

The council member has an agenda and-at 

25% OFF HOTEL DEL CORONADO 
ROOM RAT ON SELECTED DAY . --,"",'_ ,,,",,, 

'-

2 FOR I TI KETS FOR 
I )l.OER CRUI ' £S' HARBOR TO R. 

) 
PADRES 
THREE·GAME 
SUMMER 
01 0 NT 
WITH CO PON. 

HOMEFED 
MEW 

ThW'sday, April 25, 1991 

a meeting with a cultural organization at the 
college-she made it known that diversity is not 
at the top of it. Was it right for her to overlook 
everything except the issues important to hea'! 

No. Because awareness in all its facets is 
important. In order for us to overcome theinsen· 
sitivities that urround us, we have to be aware. 
We have 10 beawareofthe insensitivities that are 
taking place, both of their causes and their ef-
feas. Does that make her different from anyone 
else? Not in the least. Everyone has an agenda 
they follow in their lives and in following those 
agendas, we all lend to forget about the things 
that are least importantto us. We are all, in some 
way, ignorant of the world around us. 

This is trueof every oneofus, even those who 
are supposed to be the most aware. 

The Guardian is supposed to be the all-
knowing bearer of new at UCSO; members of 
its editorial staff are supposed to be aware of 

See SENSITIVITY, Page 11 

2 FOR I AT THE 
SYMPHONYS WEEKDAY 
SUMMER POPS CONCERTS. 

00% OFF TICKET PACKAGES 
" TO SAN DIEGO ZOO AND 

--~ WILD ANIMAL PARK 
,:VITH COUPONS. 

It isn't hard to have a good time in San Diego. And now we're making 
it even easier. If you're a HomeFed checking customer, and have an 
AnytimeCard ~ or SelectChecki~~ card, you'll get discounts at all 
of these attractions. If you'd like to open up a checking account and 

rece~ your free AnytimeCard, just stop by any HomeFed branch. 
It makes having fun in San Diego a breeze. 

For dtlbW, ond rtllr1cJlons. _ your Ioc.oI HomoFod branch. CI 1991 HomoFtd Bonk. FodnI s..tngs Bonk. FDIC INured. Owr 60 oIftca and 97 ATMs In Sen DIogo. 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

SENATE 
ConHnuecI from page 1 
timidation. 

"TIle one reservation that I have 
is the ambiguity ... of the one sen-
tence, 'That authority rests with the 
Qumcellor' ," Smith said. He ad-
mined that the statement was made 
because of the "emergency situa-
tion." and that he should have also 
noted the Academic Senate's au-
thority. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
reponed that he was "stUJUled" at 
allegations that the memo was in-
tended to stifle professors ' freedom. 

"I just fmd it absolutely incred· 
ible that some [faculty] feel that the 
administration is out to thwart your 
academic freedom," Atkinson told 
the assembled group of professors. 

Atkinson went on to personally 
attack Parrish, in part because Parrish 
had cited a quote attributed to 
Atkinson in a Guardian article con· 
ceming the memo. 

The chancellor said he could not 
believe that Parrish had not checked 
the validity of the statement, be· 
cause of the fact that it appeared in 

GARDNER 
Continued from page 1 

''The University of Califomia 
bears relation to the quality oflife in 
the state," he said, conceding that 
the university is also likely to reduce 
enrollment by 5,500 students over 
the next three to four years to help 
compensate for the budget shortfall. 

Noting the rapid growth of the 
state 's population and the concur· 
rent increase in high school students 
attending UC schools, Gardner said 
that the university "can only grow if 
the resources are available." 

He explained that 5.2 percent of 
California's high school graduates 
attended the UC in the early 19805, 
compared to 7.7 percent today. 

Gardner also pointed out that the 
enrollmentofhistoricalJy under-rep-
resented groups has increased in 
recent years, but that the severity of 
the budget situation will not have a 
disproportionate effect on any ra· 
cial or ethnic group. 

Concerning the growing enroll-
ment demand for the UC system, 
Gardner also spoke of the 10th UC 
campus, the site for which has been 
narrowed to three regions of the San 
Ioaquin Valley in Central Califor· 
nia. He hopes a final decision on the 
site will be reached by early 1992. 

TGIF 
Continued from page 3 
roomenta! Health and Safety." 

Student misconduct at this stage, 
he said, could doom future TGs. 

Tucker said he has not imple-
mented many of the suggestions 
that came up in recent meetings in 
order to make the experimental pro-

PHIL SAYS ... 
JoIn the Gultdlln staff, 

See pege 17. 

Chancellor Richard Atkinson 

a student newspaper. 
"I don't know how you could 

come to this conclusion in a right-
thinking way," Atkinson charged. 

Afterthe discussion, Smith com-
mented that he was "disappointed." 

"I don't feel very good about 
this," he said. "I don 't feel that it's 
been resolved." 

In other Academic Senate busi-
ness, a resolution regarding the UC' s 
involvement with the Department 
ofEnergy (D.O.E. ) Laboratories was 

Jennifer Vann/Guardian 
David Gardner - ·We Jay out a 
cafeteria of courses ... [the students] 
have difficulty distinguishing be· 
tween the desserts andthe entrees. " 

Although the 10th campus was 
originally slated to open in 1998, the 
budget situation has left Gardner 
somewhat pessimistic. 

"We stiU could make '98," he 
said, "but we are reluctant. We ex-
pect it will be pushed back one or 
two years ... our budget crisis may 
impinge upon an orderly method of 
procedure." 

Gardner said that he had no per-
sonal preference among the three 

cess easier. 
"[In condoning this TG], I'm 

taking a step [that] a lot of adminis-
trators would not," he said. "I hope 
it wories." 

Woodard said if this TG fails, the 
tradition may continue, but without 
alcohol. 

Some have complained that the 
TG tradition will not be the same 

The UCSD Guardian 

approved. 
TIle resolution asks that the UC 

Academic Council submit a written 
repon of the UC's relationship with 
O.O.E. Laboratories. 

''In particular," the resolution 
states, "the repon should discuss 
[UC involvement] in the light of the I 
[Academic] Senate's I 990 vote that I 
management of the weapons labo- I 
ratories is an inappropriate public I 
service for the university." I 

The resolution follows a recom- I 
mendation by a special committee I 
of the Academic Council that the 
UC phase out involvement with 
weapons labs in Los Alamos, New 
Mexico and Livemnore, California. 

TIle Academic Senate also voted 
to assign a grade of "W" to any 
student who elects to drop a labora-
tory class after the second session. 

According to senate members, 
the ruling is intended to open up 
space in laboratory classes, which 
are in high demand. 

Additionally, theAcademicSen· 
ate Comminee on Affimnative Ac-
tion will increase in size from four 
to seven members, according to leg. 
islation passed Tuesday. 

sites - Table Mountain, Lake 
Yosemite, and Academy- and that 
for now, the future site will simply 
be called the San Ioaquin Campus. 

Gardner also explained that while 
he felt the quality of classroom teach-
ing at UC schools is "exceptionally 
high," he did acknow ledge two cur-
rent problems: a shortage of lecture 
sections and the broad focus of the 
lower·division curriculum. 

"On many campuses, it is diffi-
cult for students to get the sections 
of classes [they need). This can de-
lay [normal progre s toward] the 
degree," he said, addre sing the first 
problem. " In addition, the lower-
division curriculum i n't what it 
might be ... we layout a cafeteria of 
courses ... [the students] have diffi-
CUlty distinguishing between the 
desserts and the entrees. 

"There is room for some demon· 
strative change," he added. 

Monday's interview session was 
part of an all-day stopover at UCSO 
in which Gardner met with repre-
sentatives from the student body, 
the faculty, the administration, and 
the community. Gardner said he 
makes these trips "from time to time" 
to see "what issues are occupying 
[people's] attention." 

He left UCSO for UC Davis im-
mediately following the meeting. 

with the location changed from the 
hump at the gym steps to the Price 
Center. Edson previously said that 
the traditional location had to be 
sacrificed to save the alcohol tradi-
tion. 

But some of the tradition will 
continue when They Eat Their Own 
takes the stage in the Price Center 
tomorrow evening. 

Attention graduating seniors ... 
thereJs only one thing left 
to do-help the environment 

SENIOR GIFT 1991 

NEWS 7 

Ca~--CDpy ~+:J 

, t , , 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M F 8 30 G p m Exp 5 / 25 / 91 
Sat 14 p m W,th Uc5D ID 

QUALITY AUTO 
INSTALLATION :0 

Auto Alarm ~ \0-- ' .... .-J'-,/ 
$229, ... ,...." Window Tinting . ... ,,.. ..... ..,,,., 

·2RF_ItIoII·Ann&o .. ""'J'I,,,00' .... y. lack ,,,,.. wlndows_" 
E_lcdoor~' ElocIronoeshocl<dotoc1ion '128 ,No visille raarwiroow Rnes' Top qyaIjty me1alized 
<fl61ont!""'· p~ 1ig/lI1'osh. FIas~ lEO· Audi:Jlo hard coal walch resistant film • Two-year guarantee 
=:" ~ :;. p,:" ~= ~ Pro1lClOd againsl peelr,g.ladr,g. bubbling. ale . • Uletime 
_ .. PIllS & labor' S 1.000 hIft pro1BdlOn guaranilo WOI1unanship guaran1ee • MoSl c:<n 

rHo"..t 715 If $1-391 rc --- Installation I I Remote .'.nn I I ar . Cor 510"", ... _ ...... - only $JO I 
,,.. ....., "" ,...,.".", • WI'I1 2 spooI<on ...... $55 

I I I Stereo . w", 4 spoak8rs ..... $10 I Alm::letCXlf'bd P\, diIIrm. pISIiv. or w::M.mng. • Antenna ... _ .. _ •. ___ .$10 I ~_.-..g. ___ bflgl1l~::! I L ·AIann . ....... _ .... ___ .S50&up I 
~sHng lEO . • _cH""_~""'20dIlok~ __ U1et~'!!!!!I1o.!!22.w!!!!!'L _.....J 

ADVANCED 1luk.1Ifdk/ktiOlf, 
4425 Convoy. Suite 106· Kearny Mesa' 279-2434 • MCNISAlAMX 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HUARACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA SR"DALE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

A 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79 
WA 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89 
WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
'FAMOUS TRAILS" . ' MEI" • "EAGLE CREEK-
"EASTPAK' ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

: pon holders. neck pillows. vottage : _ 
• oonvertors. , -;-
. g~~~2g~~~~~j~f,ii~:~ i.~~: ~j;:: 'IJ! 

,986 : " "" ~""p"~~!'f. !'!m~," " " " ""; ~ "'"'-' 
1539 Garnet, Pacific Beach, Phone" 483-1421 

Mon-Fri 10 a.m,-6 p.m. Sat & Sun 10 a.m."S p.m. 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~,.... Call lor details ' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap · Only $48 

Nol a le"1lOlary water tOsS ~ ~ cenuile and sllelch mal1<s 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 ~Ires 5/24/91 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April, 25, 1991 

The Peace Corps is an exhilarating two year ex-
perience that will last a hfetime. 

Working at a professional level that ordinarily 
might take years of apprenticeship back home, 
volunteers find the career growth they're ~ooking for 
and enjoy a unique experience in the developing 
world. 

International firms and government agencies 
value the skills and knowledge mastered during 
Peace Corps service. 

ON CAMPUS NEXT WEEK 
INFO BOOTH: Wednesday and Thursday I May 1 & 2 

The Price Center, 9 am - 1 :30 pm 
WHAT IS PEACE CORPS? Wednesday, May 1 

Career Services Center Conference Room, 2 pm - 4 pm 
OVERSEAS OPPORTUNITIES IN HEALTH & NUTRITION 

Thursday, May 2 - Career Services Center Conference Room 
2 pm-4 pm 

INTERVIEWS: Wednesday and Thursday, May 15 & 16 
Career Services Center 

APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW 
SENIORS -APPLY NOWI 

For applications or more information, visit your Career Services Center or call 
Peace Corps at (800) 832-0681, ext. 110. 

Peace Corps 
The Toughest Job You 'l l Ever Love 

FEATURES 
9 FEATURES 

mOst ,asleep 
wbileI was studyingarOaibraith 
HalllastSaturday,becauseIsud-
denly awoke to the sounds of a 
trumpet and a shrill war cry. 
From tbe south window of the 
library, I could barely make out 
the source of the sounds - two 
men heavily dressed in black, 

one charging the other with a sword raised high in the 
air. He brought it crashing down on the defender's 
foreann, knocking him to his knees with the force of 
the blow. and quickly finishing him off. Another 
burst of trumpets. I had to investigate. 

I sailed through the dark doors of the library, my 
heart racing. My eyes were blinded by the stinging, 
bright sun as I staggered toward Stonehenge blink-
ing desperately, but to no avail. Though my eyes 
were wide open, all I could see was white, the kind 
of cloudy white that blinds your eyes when your 
sunglasses suddenly come off while you 're skiing. I 
felt dizzy for a few minutes, and then the light broke 
and scattered into a myriad of tiny dots. Colors 
slowly ret~rned to my eyes like the developing 
colors of a Polaroid snapshot. 

Before I could make out the fighters that had 
drawn my attention, I felt a soft hand clutch mine and 
pull me to the grass. . 

"My lord, I am Lady Shannon," she said with a 
bow. I must have looked like a ghost, for when she 
lifted her head from her bow, her amber eyes showed 
great concern. 

"What's wrong, my lord?" she asked. 
I stared blankly into hereyes, then at herheadress. 

The UCSD Guardian 

It Was made of white lace and delicately covered her 
loog auburn hair. She was draped in yards of dark 
green wool, with a black shawl embracing ber shoul-
ders and an ancient amulet dangling heavily against 
her heart. 

"Who are you? Where am 11" I stuttered. 
"I am Lady Shannon," she smiled. "I am a 12th 

century Celtic persona." 
Before r could ponder on her words, I heard 

another deafening crash, heavy sword against re-
sponding armor. Then the fighter in black rang his 
sword against the helmet of his opponent, which 
flew off and landed in the grass wi th a dead thud. The 
head it had previously covered was knocked back 
and exposed. A spray of sweat splashed away from 
the wet, curly hairlike the mistof a giant sneeze. The 
opponent's naked face flushed red with anger and 
panic. He charged the fighter in black, picking up 
momentum with a desperate war cry. He was cut 
short by the fighter in black who kicked the legs out 
from under him and brought the sword down again. 
First it clanged against the shield of his fallen oppo-
nent, then against his breastpiece. 

Seemingly from nowhere came a fighting marshall 
- gaily dressed in the colors of a harlequin. He 
pronounced victory for the fighter in black. Soon. 
both fighters laughed huskily, and shook hands. 

Gulping, I refocused my attention on Lady Shan-
non. 

"Look," I said, "I don't belong here. How do I get 
back?" 

She laughed knowingly, "That's what they all 
say, my lord. None of us comes from here, but we all 
belong here. This is our extended family." 

I was abouLto tell her that I didn't want to be a pan 
of this "family" when a young blonde came over to 
us. She wore a bodice which she lifted in acunsey to 
us. She asked my name and was a bit insulted when 
I did not kiss her extended hand. Lady Shannon 
explained to herwhol was, and that I wanted to leave 
them. 

The blonde introduced her elf as Dierdre. Gig-
gling, she said, "You're probably thinking, 'These 
people are way off because they're wearing all of 
these clothes and doing all of these thi I1gs,'" 

She had read my mind. I was immediately in-
trigued and intimidated by her. She continued, "I 
know this because I am herald of the College of SI. 
Artemas. I act as the voice of the official nobility." 

When she saw my confusion deepening, she said, 
"Heralds in the middle ages were go-betweens be-
tween kingdoms - you know - liaisons." 

I was beginning to understand. 
"How do I get out of here?" I asked. 
"That, I don't know. But I can direct you to the 

noble who would know," she said. 
I followed Lady Shannon and Deirdre across the 

lawn to a simple brown tent with a wildly patterned 
awing. Inside wafted the foreign yet comfoning 
scent of burning incense. There sat a lady who was 
slowly leafing through a large, withering volume of 
Italian Renaissance paintings. 

"May I present to you, Lady lana," Lady Shannon 
said. 

Lady Jana slowly lifted her bejeweled head. Her 
neck and shoulders were exposed, but she was heav ily 
clothed in velvets of green and dark brown. 

See SOCIETY, Page10 

Met MarcetO/Guardian 



Thursday, April2S, 1991 

SOCIETY 
Continued from page 9 

"Good day. my lord." she re-
plied with a curtsey. 

Lady Shannon politely ex-
plainedmy ituation. towhich Lady 
Jana replied. ''I'm sorry that you 
cannot stay. But if you mu t go. 
you must see the Baron and Baron-
es . ] do no t know where they are. 
but I will summon Edanna." 

After a few minutes. a young 
lady dre sed in burgundy entered. 
She introduced herself a Edanna 
of Dark Isle, a half troll who could 
never, ever. tell a lie. 

She told us that the Baron lived 
far to the west, and that we would 
do well to pass the Arabs on the 
way. We thanked both Lady Jana 
and Edanna with bows. and were 
promptly on our way. I wa begin-
ning to feel more chivalrous as 
Lady Shannon spoke. but I had to 
ask why those men were fighting. 

She said the winner of the day i 
to be proclaimed the champion of 
the College of SI. Artema . How-
ever. in a similar tournament. called 
the Crown Tournament, the win-
ner becomes the king for six 
months. 

I looked again at the mencharg-
ing with heavy, swinging word. 
[ heard the soft ' ound of a flute 
being played nearby. A light wi nd 
lifted my hair. The fig hter's cun-
ning movement took on an air of 
pageantry and romsntici m. 

Dierdre continued herexplsna-
tion. "Some people do intramural 
sports. Some people fighl. This is 
their sport." 

We passed by another tent. This 
one was made of a light beige 
canvas that allowed the sun to pen-
etrate. sprinkling spots of light on 
the gold and blue Persian rug un-
derneath. Sitting on a dwarf 
wooden chair was a lady with round 
spectacles. a draping gown, and 
ruffled sleeve . She was medita-
tively spinning and weaving her 
wool. The spinning wheel i1ently 
whirred as she pedalled almost 
unnoticeably with her left fool. 

"Good day, Lady Genvieve du 
Montelaire," said Lady Shannon. 
The old woman miled and the 
pinning wheel whirred a bit t: ter. 

" Kind of make you forget 
you've got a paper due tomorrow, 
doesn't it?" Dierdre aid nudgingly. 
I pulled my stare away from the old 
woman and looked at Dierdre 
blankly. She returned my glance 
mischievou Iy, "That your car 
needs fixing ... ?" 

" A paper due ...... r thought 
dreamily. looking at a man in a 
sixth century lri h suit who was 
smoking a pipe. His sk in wa 
tanned. his hair ilvered with age 
and character. While he was mak-
ingarrnorandpoli hing hi words, 
he wa ' not too busy to nod and say 
hello. "Sherlock McMagavain, 
here. Good day, there." he smiled. 

Soon. we approached two men 
wearing turbans. The one with the 
faded yellow wrappings had a 
beard. and the other wore a pale 
blue turban and was c1ean- haven. 
Introducing himslef with a thick, 
Arabic accent, he aid. "I am 
Ya huaibnEleazarhaShalib,mid-
10th century." 

The other man was more sub-

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 10 

A KING of Sorts 

dued . .or am David ofGrena. Span-
ish-Jewish 11th century. Islamic 
areas." 

Both men were eager to help 
me. but were slightly saddened by 
my reque t to leave. Yashua said 
that only the Baron could grant me 
leave. He also aid that the Baron 
has been serving for 20 years, the 
longest-running landed Baron in 
the history of what they call the 
known world . The Baron and the 
Baroness make the laws of the 
land, though they have seneschals 
(agents) who run the council meet-
ings for them. Yashua said that all 
I had to do was bow to the Baron 
and he would nod, granting my 
good leave. 

Jenn ... =~~;;: 
Members of the Society for Creative 
Anachronism imitate life in the Middle Ages 

David turned to me as we 
walked, "The game we play is that 
we are all of the same class. We 
live out the good times of aristo-
cratic people of the Middle Ages. 
We ignore things like disease, big-
otry. and alJ that nasty stuff that 
went on." 

"We try to leave out a lot of the 
problems of the modem world, the 
racism. the chauvanism." Lady 
Shannon added. "We develop our 
own traditions. the ideas of honor 
and courtly love." 

David continued after Lady 
Shannon had finished. "There is a 
family feeling with aIJ of these 
people. We feel very comfortable." 

" Yes." said Lady Shannon with 

a giggle. "Over half of the mar-
riages I've seen have been the 
marriages of people who had met 
in this society." 

I was becoming so entranced 
with all that Lady Shannon and 
David of Grenada were saying that 
I was beginning to pick up their 
mannerisms. When we came to the 
gilded tent of the Baron and 
Baronness. I automatically bowed 
to them. The Baron sat high on a 
hand-carved throne. When I lifted 
my head again, he nodded and then 
faded away all too quickly. [ was 
left in the middle of Stonehenge. 
the sun shining on me, the faint 
sound of a trumpet still ringing in 
my ears. 

,,--, 

,/', • ~~~ :0{ \(l 
', .. '1:~.'"'' / Enter PrizeFest. 
'-_/ It's quite possibly the lnost colossal 

sweepstakes in the history of academia. 
(As far as we know.) 

'i17iJ? 1 brand new, 1991 Nissan' NX 1600' ~ 5 Honda Eli" - 5()E S<OO1e<s 
t,:tlj.',t!fjl , set 01 4 passes to Club Med', Cancun" ~ 2 Backroads 8icyde Touring'trips" lor 2 A 4 Specialized' mountain bikes 

,. 25 Sony' Oiscman' systems I GIfT~ I 1 Nordstrom gift certificate , Sic' windsurfer board 
~:::!!?- 2 Apple' LaserWriter' LS printers • . 2 Apple Macintosh' LC 2/40 color systems 

~ 

Thi is big. Reallr big. 
With -14 winner5 and more than $-l6.000 in prize in 

Southem Califomia. PnzeFe t might well be a hitoric 
event. Even so. it' 'urpn ingly Simple to win. Just stop into 

your campu computer reseller and fill out an Easy Entry Form. 
While there, take a look at the perfect computer for students lnd 

Ii 

PrizcFest 
..... ~ 

faculry al ike-the Apple ~Iacintosh lC 2140 computer. 
It's the Most affordable color \Iacintosh ever. .\1ore good 
new : You can nowJ>uy an Apple Macintosh computer e\'e~' . . _: 
rwo yea r5! So if you purchased one in 19 9 and you're reldy to' 
upgrade, go right ahead. Enter PrizeFe t. And enter today. With a 
liale luck, you could come away with something that's relll), something. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE IJ( ".-1 t : f " II , I II I 
/ 

COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4291 
OPEN: MON· FRI 8AM· 6 PM AND SAT 10AM· 4 PM 

Check out the low cost of the Macintosh LC 2/40 color system! 
·Noo_ ........ _ -~ .. ~ c.n.n_ ........... _ . NOPlJACHAS£tlECESSARY VOod-."-"'''' SOO .. .,;IIyEnoyF ......... ~_ .. arcI __ 

~_ .. _ .'"""'Y ... _._~~ 0!" . .... ~.1rC. .. __ ..... ... _ .. "'-"-ond~ .. ____ ...... c.an-. 1rC. 

THURSDAY 
Bauls of Bengal 
r.7 The Bauls of Bengal are 

~ known throughout their 
homeland of India for their rich 
musical and spiritual traditions. 
One oflndia's top singing and 
dancing companies, Baul 
Sanatan Das & Sons, appears at 
Erickson Hall 210 (in the 
Mandeville Center, UCSO) at 
Sp.m. Tickets: $6.00. available 
at the Box Office (534-4559). 

FRIDAY 
Return of the TG 
r.;7That's right, the TO is 

~ . back! Post-punk activist 
rockets They Eat Their.Own 
will thrash up the Price Center 
at 6:30p.m. 

FRIDAY AND 
SATURDAY 

. Rodgers & 
Hammerstein 
!;"7TbeSan Diego M..-

~ Owrale periOnna sm8sh-
bit nwnbers from such classic 
~:.:!! War n shows as 

" "1be Sound of 
M~:- and"seuth Pacific" 
tonight at 8 P,-!D- in COoley 

Syai~y Ball (l2AS ~di 
Ave.# downtown). TICkets start 
at $13.so. For more info., caD 
699-4200.' 

SUNDAY 
Amnesty 
International 
r.7 Come celebrate with 
~ Amnesty International, the 
o'1anizatioD that works to me 
unjUstly imprisoned individuals 
throughopt the world, on its 
30th birthday at an all-day 
party in UCSD's Triton Pub 
from 2-9 p.m. Among the 
numerous musical ~roups and 
speeches, the festivJties will 
feature music from Daddy 
Longleggs and Jambay. Tick-
ets: $5.00, available through 
Ticketmaster (278-TIXS). 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

By Dave Linberg 
Staff Writer 

Robby Krieger may be the best guitar-
ist you've never heard of. From 1966 to 
1971, Krieger made a name for himself 
as a guitarist for The Doors, but found 
both his playing and his songwriting 
overshadowed by their charismatic yet 

unpredictable vocalist, Jim Morrison. 
Krieger certainly didn ' t mind the spotlight 
being shed elsewhere, and rather enjoyed 
the opportunity to write material for The 
Doors without the pressure Morrison 
attracted to himself. 

Since the demise of The Page H5 

" 

Thursday. April 25 1991 H1 

• 



2 HIATUS 

Danca. With Wolve. 1M Marrying Man 
Sleeping With The Enemy 

The Silence Of The Lamb. Cia •• Action 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle. II 

Defending Your Life Out for Ju.tice 

University Town Centre 452-7766 

Reven al of Fortune I Guilty By Suspicion 
T_ nage Mutant Ninja Turtles II Toy Soldiers 

Defending Your Ufe Mortal ThO\l9ht. 
Out For Justice A Kiss Iefore Dying 

La Jolla Village 453-7831 
The Object of Beauty 
Dances With Wolves 

The Marrying Man/ Misery 
Oscar 

283-5909 
Apr. 26: Invasion of the Body Snakhers 

Apr. 27: Heathers I Blue Velvet 
Apr. 2a-May 4 : My Twentieth Century 
I"v ... rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

r;. ~ IN THE NEWS 
lust when you thought the ew Kid couldn't r.:ceive 

enough well-de erved recognition for such fantastic mu ·ic. 
KOTB cleaned up at the Bo ton M~ ic wards, taking home 

awards for be~t band and best si ngle. Be t Band?? I thought 
Donny wa~ too busy buming down hotel ... 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Mad nna ha~ no trouble making head lines, and thi week 

she's aiming them at a different crowd. The former b y toy will 
be featured on the over of next month 's Ad\'ocale, a ga 
publication. In the accompanying article she touche on the 
~ubject of "ou ting" or publically revealing the exuality of 
others, which iseausing quite a tir in YC, where po~ter ' have 
been circulated howing a famou actor and aClfe with the 
caption, hAbs lutely queer." 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
cw releases to watch for: imple Minds, King Mi ~Ie, 

Templeofthe Dog, and part 2 of the Root anJ Blues eries(part 
1 was the R bert Johnson b x set). 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
Heard the latc~t on Guns n' Roses? The long-awaited follow-

up to the GnR Lics EP ~hould be out by the end of June with a 
~ummer tour. But , rumor has it that Axl and Co. have so much 
new material that they're putting out two albums·at nce, titled 

l Use Your //Iusiol/ I al/d II. By Bryan Dlas and Dave Linberg 
r-------------~-~----, Nail Specials J I 

ACRYLIC $18 99 -, 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35). 
Tip Overlay 

Fill. $12 Reg. $15 • New clients only 
FIIte", .... Nail. with Tip. S29.99 Reg. $45 

... nlcUNI & Pedicure. $15.95 
Woi", Startl", It $3 

ibniclft. $6 • FIIe .. I. $25 Reg. $35 

NAILS BY JENNIFER MIN AND WOMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd" Ste. 103 & 104 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

L Not valid with any other off.rs. EICp. 5/9m .J 
--------------------

Thc UCSD Guardian 

By Dave Lott 
Staff Writer 

With band mOllo like "God Smoke Crack" and 
" Kill," the I al band Big Black Mariah is a combi-
nation of oppo ites and good-natured, intelligent 
sarcasm. They lack any kind of"commercial" truc-
lUre and stres an overpowering sen e of originality 
and overt creativity.h' a garage band that pra tice 
on the econd floor. They own a even-foot python, 
named Je us, who bores hole in 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

-----L seEN 
bass guitar turned up loud, hi tt ing the ground i glori-
ous and beautiful." 

Perhaps by stating mu ical influence the band 
becomes unoriginal , an object for compari on rather 
than mu ical ability. "We hate being catagorized," 
Stickels aid. 

Their ound i fairly complex . There is a constant 
playoff between a celeration and deceleration, be-
tween di tortion and dreamy delay and the irregular 

:~I~~~~i is not. a '~nonnal': 10- ~ ~ 1 tal ~ 1 m ~~ 
Blg BlackManahlscompnsed .. - - - ---- .. -

of drummer Tony Spain. guitar- MARIAH 
ist Mike 'The Ocean" onli k, 

and regular in intricately con-
structed oppo itional panems. 
There i a mu ical conflict pre-
entedwithfullba schord ,spo-

radic drum fills and fluctuation 
of volume and peed of guitar. 

ba i t Brc!nt Stickel . and Cav 
on vocal . Prior to the formation of the band, the 
member were involved in other mu~ical projects. 

av and a girl named Irene played in a band known 
a Fu k Linea Quigley. One year ago, Spain and 
Conlisk - who had met at a party four years prior 
- an wered one of Cav's ads and "Quigley" be-
came Gin Soaked Boy. With the depanure of Irene 
and the arrival of Stickel, Big Black Mariah was 
brought into being. Since then they have played 
many gig around the San Diego area including at 
Soma and the Pub. 

Their name, Big Bla k Mariah , is a reference to 
a Tom Waites song . Speaking for the rest of the 
band, Stickels ay , "Tom Waite i God and he's a 
San Diego boy." 

While Ii tening to the band it is ea y to hear the 
wide range of musical influences - what these 
influences might beisquite adifferent matter. While 
all the members can agree on Tom Waites a an 
influen e.thi is where the agreement end . They aU 
'eem to hate each other's music. Cav, an avid reader. 
poet, and anist claims classical music and speed 
metal. tickels states, "[ hate poetry," and that "a 

Allofthi isoverlayedwithCav 's 
wail, moans , and cream while the band move 
toward cre cendo and final dis olution. "It's a ound I 
can only explain metaphorically," Cav says. The entire 
effect i disturbedly dreamy. 

The ongs, all in the Dinosaur J r. tradition of one-
name titles, are fran tic and emotional, constantly mov-
ing, giving the listener a feeling that no song i ever 
performed the same twice. As Stickels says ofConlisk 's 
playing, "He plays adifferent guitar part every time we 
play." 

"When I play those 010 ," Conli k explain, "it' 
not me, it ' like the ocean. Or some trees." 

The lyric, all of which are composed by Cav, 
describe strange ubjecls approached from different 
angles. His lyrics are intelligent, craftily worded, and 
probably offensive to at least one group of people. As 
Cav says: .'J read a lot. I'm going to offend everyone 
in the world alphabetically." 

A for the present, the band is working on recording 
their first demo enti tled M eaner Ihall God. Expect to 
ee Big Black Mariah play at the Triton Pub as well as 

a couple of hows in the San Diego club cene some 
time in May . 

The feet of Big Black Mariah, coming soon to a club near you. 

I 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 The U CSD Guardian H IATUS 3 

'Mortal Thoughts' Provides a Good Cure for Insomnia 
By Joshua D. Odlntz 
Staff Writer 

Wife beating has become a 
major focus of recent movies. Al-
though "Sleeping With the Enemy" 
took the matter eriously, it man-
aged to have a good story and was 
able to provide drama, su pense. 
and entertainment., 

"Mortal Thought "fails to have 
the e ingredient and falls flat on 
its face . 

The premise of the movie and 
the fir t few cene are promi ing. 
James Urbanski (Bruce Willis) and 
hi wife Joyce (Glenne Headly) 
have had a rocky marriage since 
the beginning. James i a chronic 
drug abu er, and he frequently in-
sult and beat Joyce. 

While attending a carnival, 
James get high, and he i my teri-
ously killed by his spouse. The 
movie start with the questioning 
of Cynthia Kellogg (Demi Moore), 
Joyce's good friend and business 
partner. The movie focu es o n 
flashbacks that lead up to James' 
death and the ensuing aftermath. 

Detectivelohn Woods (Harvey 
Keite l) is in charge of the ca e, and 
he grills Cynthia for facts about the 
actual murder. 

Throughout the interrogation, 
he searches to see what is wrong 
with Cynthia's story . Cynthia 
sheds new light on the case, which 
lead to a very dry climax and 
resolution. This is where the movie 
falls apart. 

The flashback effect fails tocon-

vey a complete story, and the 
viewer feels as if omething was 
left out on the editing floor. In 
addition. the story progresses so 
lowly that by the climax, the ma-

jority of the audience was more 
concemed about gelling to the park-
ing lot. 

Director Alan Rudolph r'Made 
[n Heaven") ha a good command 
offilmmaking and effects, but like 
his past effon . he get too wrapped 
up in the proce and forgets the 
story. 

Visually, "Mortal Thoughts" 
is appealing. but the audience was 
hungry for ome action. The tory 
itself is very thin, and within the 
first ten minutes, the ending wa 
clearly predictable. 

The worst a pect of the movie 
is an ending which leave the audi-
ence greatly unsati fled . After it-
ting in the theater for nearly two 
hour (mo t people had thought 
they had sat through a movie a 
long as " Dances with Wolves"), 
everyone walked out, asking what 
would happen next, or else aying, 
"Who cares?" None of the charac-
ters were very likeable, making the 
ending anti-climactic and ulti -
mately boring. 

But the most distres ing part of 
the movie was the fact that the 
topicofwife beating was not prop-
erlyaddre sed.NotoncedoesJoyce 
or Cynthia explain why Joyce has 
not left James. The movie irre-
ponsibly a umes that the only 

way to dispose of an abusive hus-

Joyce Urbanski (Glenne Headly, I.) and Cynthia Kellogg (Oemi Moore) are best friends who share 
everything, including a murder rap, in Columbia Pictures ' 'Mortal Thoughts.' 

band i through murder. The po-
lice are mentioned a few times, but 
thi still doe not fully. address the 
issue, which has become a topic of 
controversy in American society. 

" Sleeping With the Enemy" ha 
thrilling romantic and violent 
scene ,but "Mortal Thoughts" for-
gets that these are two ingredient 
for a good film. 

Rudolph ' newe t effort is de-
void of a single sex cene and 
wimps out on the violence in an 
attempt to focu on the p ycho-
logical s ide, but even here he fails 
to come through. 

Even though the story is choppy 

and devoid of any thrills or enter-
tainment , the acting is fairly good. 
Bruce Willis ("Die Hard") plays 
his maniacal part quite well, and 
his moments on screen are by far 
the be t in the movie. 

Demi Moore (",Gho 1'") once 
again sheds lots of tear and brings 
the audience c10 e to her, but her 
annoyinly fake ew Jersey accent 
prevents her from tuming in a good 
effol1. 

Be ides the acting, the movie is 
visually pleasing. Rudolph does 
an excellent jobof capturing sma ll -
town ew Jersey, and an even 

-better job with the murder scene at 

the beginning. But the 3tmo phere 
become boring and tediou ,which 
is a real turn off. but neverthele sit 
effectively conveys the banal ex-
i tence of th characters. 

Unfortunately, the best part of 
the movie was the free "Mortal 
Thought " t- hirt from the local 
radio station 8 - 100. Unfortunately, 
the shirt wi 11 probably not see the 
light of day. 

And po~s ibly the Brian 
80sw rth movie preview over-
hadowed the feature film. 

S(tve your money and time and 
(tv id "Mortal Thoughts: ' unless 
you need a cure for in~omnin . 

UCSD University Events 
& Student Activities 

May 16 • Thursday 
Bpm • Mand. Aud. 

G.A$17 e St. $13 
UCSD Foe/Staff 

& Sr. Cit. $15 
UCSD Box Office 

534-4559 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 25, 1991 

HOT 
ELEPHANT 
NIGHTS 
Every night from 8pm until close the Elephant Bar takes on a 
different theme and features the best food and drink deals In 
town. Featunng our Hot Safan Light and Sound. 

JAMMIN SAFARI 
~ Coors Light Girls with FREE Polaroid Pictures 
~ Beach Party Buffet · Hot dogs , chi It , BBO nbs, salads and 

much. much more 
~ Great Pnzes - Yamaha Walle Runner & OP sportswear 
- $3 AdmiSSion Includes Beach Party Buffet & 3 drinks 

H.E.P. NIGHT 
HOSPITALITY EMPLOYEE PARTY 

~ The Bud GirlS 
~ Bass Ale pitchers for $7 
~ No cover I Free snacks 

~~l~~ .. '~ 
COLLEGE STUDENT NIGHT 

Gfl,tfo,1 - KCBO greatest mix of rock 
• ~ n' roll with Mason LeWIS 

r-.NCt ~ 75c beer I $1 .50 wine and ~ONltSI champagne 1111 mldntght 
- $7 buckets of d raft 

$10 buckets of Iced tea's 
- t '2 price bar appetizers 

~ Coco Loco & Margarita 
pitchers for $3 .75 

~~ ........ ~8~ 
~ Hard & Heavy T·shirts to 

firs t 50 people after 8 pm 
- $1 cocktai ls 8-12 am 

- $7 buckets of draft 
- $10 buckets of iced tea's 

ROCKERS SMASH & TRASH CONTEST 

(jIRLS NIGHT OUT 
~ $1 .50 Margaritas 

$1 .50 Kir Royales 
~ Free makeup lessons 

~ TV Model search 
- Cosmetic Grab bag·free ~ Fashion auctions 
- $1 Ice tea's ~ Photo Shoot 

Monday-Friday 4pm to 8 pm - Grand Safari Buffets 
Our Grande Feasts include seemingly endless hot and 

cold selections In addition to our fealured Items. 

Mon : Hot Dog and Nacho Bar 
Tues: Endless Pizza 
Wed: Seafood Extravaganza 
Thurs: Deli Bar Wllh Carved 

Roast Beef 
Frr Fajita Fiesta 
Dnnk features 

run daily 

Dally Double Wells (Shots on the 
Side) 

Pitchers of Coco Locos. 
Margantas and Beer for $3.75 

Giant 22 oz. Ice teas $2.75 
$1 .50 Champagne 
and House Wine 

8980 Villa La Jolla Drive • La Jolla • 587-1993 

CLAN 
Continued from page HI 

For tho e of you who are familiar 
with the Afro-centric consciousne -
rai ing rap of -Clan, the previou 
statement might ound familiar. For 
tho e of you who aren't so "awake." 
awaken! Keep reading - you' ll soon 
be amazed. For by the end of this 
article, you will understand the mean-
ing of V ANGLORIOUS. 

With three hit albums and a con-
crete position in the history of rap, X-
Clan combines popular rhythms with 
ocially-consciou lyric. Known as 

the Overseer, Professor X leads the 
group In Its mISSIon, to spread their 
outlook on America 's racial landscape 
- a subject very familiar to his father, 
Sonny Carson, author of the book The 
Education of Sonny Carson. 

The book chronicles Carson 's in- Brother J. of X-Clan at the Bacchanal 
volvement in the Brooklyn chapter of again t them." VANGLORIOUS has also 
C.O.R.E., the Congre of Racial Equality. been defined as "the celebration of the one-
Profe sor X ' own organization, X-Clan, blood unity of black people from Egypt to 
include Grand Verbalizer Brother J. (MC), New York, from B.C. to the twenty-first 
Rhythm Provider Sugar Shaft (OJ). the Ar- century." 
chitect Paradise (co-producer), and female Professor X has stated that X-Clan ' 
rap artists lsi and Queen Mother Rage. mu ic is not rap but V ANGLORIOUS. The 

Backstage after a recent concert at the g roup members see themselves more as 
Bacchanal, Profe or X and Brother J. con- messengers than rapper . 
ducled a private tutorial e sion. FUNKY LESSON THREE 

The ses ionwasopentoaudiencemem- In concert, X-Clan prefaces each song 
bers who wanted to learn (and also meet X- with a "Funkin ' Les on." One "Funkin' 
C la n on a personal level). The following is Lesson" dealt with the low percentage of 
a n o utline of their les on plan. black male college students in comparison 

FUNKY LESSON ONE with their black female counterparts. Pro-
The name of the group has a preci e fe or X noted how black female college 

meaning. Whe n brought to America ,the students outnumbered black ma le col1ege 
ancestors of African-Americans were given students about three to o ne. 
the names of their enslavers. As a last name When asked about what advice he would 
for African-American. particularly when give to "educated" brothers and sisters, 
chosen by Black Muslims on their spiritual Brother J. replied, "Don ' t fall into the trap of 
que t, the letter ·'x" signifie the unknown the quare. It has been prepared from kin-
- the unknown African familial name. dergarten on up. I'm saying that all of these 

Relaxing back tage after two concerts, educated people are being trained, 10 a de-
Brother J. defined the "X" in X-Clan as a gree, to serve the sy tern. 
crossroad. " If you look at a crossroad from What we need them to do is go back into 
the air it' an X," he said. "We are trying to the communities, to the youth - to give 
reveal the mysteries of the X." As for the them, teach them, what they know. We also 
word" clan," he noted, "The clan is family . need them to join some aspect of organized 
We need to go back into traditional methods black movement. If not Blackwatch, then 
and leam from our fathers and mothers. We something - it's not so much the name 
need to go back and create family structure that's important, but the purpose, as long as 
in order to persevere." we serve the same goal." 

X-Clan's visual style reflects family-style THE FUTURE 
solidari ty. To let itbeknown that they are all On the s ubject of X-Clan's most recent 
of one accord, group members dress simi- and future projects, Brother J. said that "the 
larly with beads, ankhs, noserings, braids, next X-Clan album in the works is the Cos-
dreds, and kufies (which they call crowns). mic Ark. What we are going to do is take 
Brother 1. stated, "Our closeness is repre- people for a ride." 
sen ted on stage, in our videos, as we walk In regards to Professor X ' s current solo 
the streets, and as we do our thing for our album, Brother 1. explained that "Professor 
people. That is what it is all about." Xjumped from the ark and came down to the 

FUNKY LESSON TWO people and delivered a message about what 
Through example, X-Oan shows what he had seen. 

being unified can create. Lead by Professor As the leader of this organization, he can 
X, the group created Blackwatch, a Brook- see things from a peripheral view - as well 
Iyn-based activist organization. Grand Ver- as what he has endowed in us. So, as his eyes 
balizer Brotber J. described the Blackwatch were opened, such as the eyes of Isis and 
movement as a force which tries to bring QueenMotherRage'sareopened,theydived 
black people together. from the ark and went to preach the word 

.. As we travel, we realize as organizers of and they will come back, as X-Clan. All 
this movement, that we [as a people) suffer together as family to teach the word." 
the same things," he tated. "It may be under Before X-Clan's concert, three female 
different circumstancesorat different places fans were spotted getting into X-Clan's van 
but it 's the same oppres ion. What we want as the group headed to their hotel room for 
to do is formulate an organization to unify some pre-concert relaxation. 
African people." Interviewed afterwards, one of the three 

In order to bring about unity, X-Clan has women revealed that she helped X-Clan 
devi ed a new method which they call iron and prepare their clothing for the con-
VANGLORlOUS . ''This i the music that cen. 

?- we 're doing," Brother J. deftly stated. "By The fan also noted that the group, c1asp-
taklng ome beat from the past, combining ing their bead, privately prayed together 
that with some of the new and adding that before returning to begin the concert. 
to the drum, we create what we call At the end of the concert, X-Clan turned 
V ANGLORlOUS mu ic. the Bacchanal' back tage into an open fo-

This i what we present to the youth. This rum for their fans - black, white, male, or 
is the spark which elicit the energy that they feinale. The group definite ly practices their 
need to go forth . TIley learn chant from us, V ANGLORIOUS ideals off the stage and 
they learn a lot of thing which they can use out of the s tudio. Well , the e particular 
in an organized manner to deal with their "Funkin ' Le on" have come to an end. 
communities. But remember and never forget - in the 

Instead of getting hot, stabbed, or jailed words of Professor X. "This is protected by 
up, beat down, and killed by these police the red, the blaCk, and the green, with a 
officers, they can now organize themselves key ... Si s-eee!" 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

KRIEGER 
Continued from ~ HI 
Doors in 1971, Krieger has been 
continually writing and perform-
ing music throughout the country. 
From the Butts Band, featuring 
Doors drummer John Den more, 
to strictly 010 material, to the cur-
rent Robby Krieger Band, Krieger 
has been on the cutting edge of 
progressive jazz-rock-fusion for 
the past twenty years. 

It i not a well-known fact that 
some of the biggest Doors slngles 
were written by Krieger. The gui-
tarist wrote the music and lyric 
for "Love Me Two Times," "Touch 
Me," "Love Her Madly," and the 
legendary "Light My Fire." 

During The Doors' heyday, it 
was commonly assumed that 

II 
I don't think that 

Doors fans will really 
like [Oliver Stone's] 

movie too much 
because The Doors' 
fans .know the shit 

that happened, and 
the movie doesn't tell 

the whole story. It 
only shows the wild 

side of Morrison 
rather than the band, 
and that's really what 
we were was a band, 
not just three guys 

backing a superstar." 
II 

ROBBY KRIEGER 
former Doors guitarist 

Morrison wrote all the songs. Until 
their fourth album, The Soil Pa-
rade, all original songs were cred-
ited to The Doors, rather than to 
the respective writers. 

"[For The Soft Parade) lim 
thought that it would be a good 
idea if we put our individual names 
down for songwriting credit," 
Krieger explained in a recent inter-
view with the Guardian. 

"He always thought my lyrics 
were too political, and didn ' t want 
people thinking he wrote it," 
Krieger said. 

Anyone who has ever listened 
to Krieger play could tell you that 
his style is vastly different from 

_ko~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
PadH, Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

that ofthe typical guitari t. Krieger 
achieve a diversity of sounds 
mainly due to the fact that he has 
never u ed a pick. 

"Since we neller really had a 
bas guitari t, Ray [Manzarek] 
played bas organ and I could play 
some bass line with my thumb," 
Krieger said . " There's some rea 11 y 
weird thing you can do with your 
thumbnail if you think about it." 

The Doors were in pi red LOcre-
ate music under the influences of a 
variety of forces, one of which was 
the u eofdrugs, particularly LSD. 

"I think it was really influential, 
not to say there would be no Doors 
if it weren ' t for LSD, but that was 
a big deal with u ,especially with 
Jim," Krieger explained. 

As it did for a multitude of other 
artists in the '60s, LSD provided 
The Doors with a different mind-
set with w~ich to view the world. 

"It was an evolution that our 
parents never did," Krieger said. 
" We thought this was going to 
change the world, no one would 
want to be a rapist or anything if 
they took this shit. It's tougher, 
though, to have a mystical experi-
ence today than in was in the '60s." 

The UCSD Guardian 

Considering that The Doors 
only recorded and performed for 
about five years, it is truly amaz-
ing that their popularity is 0 great 
in the '90s. 

When asked why the public 
can' t get enough of The Door , 
Krieger responded, "I think that 
mainly it' becau e there really 
i n't any good new stuff out there, 
so rock fans find themselves going 
back to the old stuff. "Plus I think 
that our mu ic had a certain degree 
of hone ty, which you don ' t really 
find nowaday ," he continued. 

Th ro u ghout the int erview, 
Krieger taunchly de fended him-
selfandhis bandma e ,explaining 
that they were playing mu ic from 
the heart, without concern fortheir 
wallets. " It wasn't an act," Krieger 
explained, "it was sort oflike real -
ity. We were playing because we 
wanted 10, and I think that comes 
through in the music." 

How much has the recent 01 iver 
Stone movie on The Doors con-
tributed to the public' fa cination 
with the band? "I don't think that 
Doors' fans will really like that 
movie too much because The 
Doors fans know the shit that hap-

pened, and the movie doe n ' t tell 
the whole story," Kri eger said. '·It 
only shows the wild ide of 
Morrison rather than the band, and 
that's really what we were was a 
band, not just three guys backing a 
superstar. " 

When asked his opinion of the 
current tate of music, Krieger 
didn ' t have to think about his an-
swer in the lea t. " [The music in-
du try] i pretty ad, actually. It 's 
all real cut and dried and all for the 
money and there's not much room 
for creativity ." 

The music business has become 
exactly what it sounds like - a 
busines . Record companie refer 
to their artists' work as a "prod-
uct," and the whole family atmo-
sphere of the record companie 
that was created in the '60s has 
been replaced by greed and formu-
lated songs aimed at a number one 
slot on Dial MTV. 

Krieger thought that a good idea 
would to be for more independent 
labels to release music and get it 
away from the mega-corporations 
that currently control the industry. 

In the current slate of music, 
one can find a huge amount of 

HIATUS 5 

aging '60 hippies resting on their 
laurels and accepting their legend-
ary statu without further evolv-
ing. Robby Krieger is not one of 
those musicians. The whole point 
of music in the '60 for the e guys 
was to try new things and tretch 
the bounds of reality. If this was 
the case. then Krieger has defi-
nitely been living up to those ide-
als. From his "strange days" with 
The Doors, to the music he's cur-
rently producing, Robby Krieger 
has been a quality musician who 
has remai ned loyal to hi s roots, and 
is definitely worth a listen. 

When:Thurs., Aprll25,8:30p.m. 
Where: Belly-Up Tavern, 143 
S. Cedros, Solana Beach 
Tickets and Info.: 481-9022 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

What's 
happening? 
Is your organization 
spon oring an entertaining 
event? Let us know and 
we ' ll see what we can do! 
Call Jen, Christina, or Lara 
at 534-6583. 
••••••••••••••• 

For A 
Good Time 

Toni ht, Stare 
At e Wall. 
LASERIUM PRESENTS 

PINK FLOYD'S THE WALL 
This awesome laser-light show combines your favorite Pink 
Floyd cuts fro m "The Wall" with ktypton and argon lasers. 
All unde r the dome at the pace MUllEN H. FlEET 
Theater. CaU238-1168 for how- 51 ,,""'~III"'''. 
times. The n sto p by Balboa Park , fI~ 
tonight. It'\I be wall-to-wall fun . THEATER AND SCIENCE CENTER 
20% Discount With Student 1.0. "K)7,....FM 



6 HIATUS 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mark 
Women $17 (rtg.$25) 
Men $14 (rtg . $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut S50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Sle. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PL EASE CALL 

6 c:assenes, ~et I free CD* • 2 CD's , ~et I free CD* 
*00 approval • No limit 
Lar~est used CD inventory in U.S. • Listening zooes 

9:00-10:00 

~ 
::"=-: MUSIC TRADER 

~ 7094 Miramar Rd. 693·1469 
~ 5728 EI Cajon BI d. 265-2274 

12 :00-1 :00 Steps Steps 

4:30-5:30 Low Steps Low Steps Low 

5:30-6:30 Burner Low Burner Low Burner 

6:30-7:30 Stretch Stretch Stretch Stretch 
'N Tone 'N Tone 'N Tone 'N Tone 

7:30-8:30 Steps Hiltow HilLow 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 25, 1991 

The Clash? Well, Not Quite ... 
• Former members of The Clash regroup as Havana 3 A.M. 
By Patrie" JeHle 
Senior Staff Wriler 

Ye . it's true. Paul Simonon, 
the true e sence of the CI hand 
the prototypical Brit ish street punk 
who narled in the face of aU that 
wa e tabli hed, has licked up and 
sold out. 

Not that this i uch a bad thing. 
The veteran 's band, Havana 3 
A.M .• hyped theolder crowd intoa 
gyrating frenzy last Saturday night 
al the Baccanal. Currently on tour 
to promote its elf-titled IRS de-
but, Havana 3 A.M. ports a live 
show that is one notch below sen-
uous. 

Muscle hirtsand tight jeans fi ll 
the tage. Simonon repeatedly 
hake his booty and drop into a 

crouch. while inger igel Dixon 
a hays around the microphone 

wilh a swagger and a smile. 
To be brutally hone I, the al-

bum i not out landing. A cro s 
between rockabi lly and Latin 

merican influen e . it is rock with Vocalist Nigel Dixon of punk band Havana 3 A.M. 
tolerable amount of pretention. 
Dixon ' vocal range i limited, and 
the lyrics fail 10 inspire anylhing 
more than a yawn. 

In addition, the group is obvi-
au Iy utilizing the Clash connec-
tion to an extreme. In a recent 
interview with the Los Angeles 
Times, Simonon admitted, "You 
could say thai The Clash funded 
[Havana 3 A.M.] in the early 
day .... None of us could have 

afforded to even do a demo. Bul 
thanks to The Clash .. . " 

Even with these flaws, the show 
stm grooves musically. The mem-
bers are all seasoned mu icians. 
They have been through this live 
rigamore before and it shows. £t is 
rock and roll stripped to the basics, 
de igned to appeal to a large cro s-
eClion of Ii teners . 

They have all the right chemis-
try for success: sexuality, musi -

cian hip, and style. If the reaction 
at the Bacchanal is any indication, 
Havana 3 AM. will be the next 
matinee idol for the female gen-
der. 

Thi a group that critic will be 
quick to inaccuralely label as 
washed-up. Havana 3 AM. as Ihe 
new Clash? Naw,lhey'll neverbe 
that good. Although funded by the 
past, they may be breaking their 
own ground in the future. 

UC SAN 01 EGO'S 
UNIV[R.lllY EVENTS OfFICE~ GRADUATE SCIlOOl Of _ 

NATIONAL IS UES INTERNATIONAl RHATIONS 
FORUM AND PACIFIC STUDIES 

PIUSENT 

AN EVENING WITH 

PETER 
ARNETT 

PULITZER PR.IZE WINNING JOURNALIST 
CNN'S CORRESPONDENT 

IN BAGHDAD 

MAY 8, WEDNESDAY, 7:30 P.M. 
UC SAN DIEGO GYMNASIUM 

A SIGN· V.I\'GUAG~ INTERPRETER Wt Ll BE PROVIDED 

STUDENTS $6.00. SEN IOR CIT I ZENS 58.00. G.A. $10.00 
HAriNG II OT IUSERVED Bring this ad in ~ 

for a Free Class 
$20 per month on a monthly basis • No InIIkrtioo Fee 
• Freeweighfs • Noufilus • Ufecycles • Stolrmosters 

CAMPUS 'AIUUNG IS A PROSttM. PLEAS! AIUUV[ EARlY 

3968 Clow.monl Mesa Blvd., CIoIremoni Square ShoppIng C"-BEIN G-FI'f® necr Lee WOlO!, beIlh:l Pot's Sport 483-9294 
abo IocoIed near SOSU (698-1702) 

UC D BOX OFFICE: 534-6467 

Tbunday, April 15, 1991 

SENSmVITY 
Continued from page 6 
everything taking place on campus. 

Bill they're DOL Like us, they are 
studerus, and covering the news of the 
campus cannot be their only priority. 
1bey cannot always be aware of how 
the maIerial in their pages will affect 
theirreaders. Nor can they conuoI the 
ranting and raving of a few ignorant 
staffwriters whodeay any attempt to 
point out the fallacies in mainstream 
society, 

'The Guardian executive board re-
fuses to censor the wade. of its writers, 
and sometimes it prints articles and 
corrunentaries that some may find 
offensive. 

'The university's Srudent Affinna-
live Action Committee (SAAC) was 
so offended that it was moved to rally 
in protest of the Guardian last week. 
1be group wanted to raise the whole 
campus'level of awareness. And that 
was good. Unfortunately, their point 
was overshadowed by their own lack 
of awareness in addressing the issue. 

'They marched from Revelle Plaza 
to the Price Center calling for students 
to become more aware. Yet as they 
marched down the steps into the Price 
Centerchanting, "SlOp the ignorance," 
these proteStors left some of their own 

at the top. sluugging their shouldm. 
Those \eft at the top of the steps 

were the wheelchaired members of 
the Disabled Student Union who had 
joined the march in support of their 
fellow SAAC organizations. 

SAAC's oversight at the rally was 
simply that: an oversight It in no way 
compares to the ignorance that one 
Guardian staff writer displayed when 
he tenned Afiican-Americans one of 
America's "least suocessful races" in 
a commentary last quarter. 

'Theorganization's goals wereout-
standing and the fact that it overlooked 
the need<; of a segment of its p0pula-
tion should not takeaway from what it 
set out to accomplish. We really need 
to be more aware of the events taking 
place around US and the issues upon 
which we pass judgement 

Awareness of diversity is crilical to 
developing any semblan;eofhannony 
in this COWlb)'. As long as there are 
people out there who form their opin-
ions without being fully informed of 
the issues upon which they are decid-
ing, negative stereotypes will persist 

If we ever want to live together 
without the tension that is constantly 
threatening to pull our society apa.rt, 
an awareness of each other is some-
thing for which we must continually 
snive. 

BEACH VOLLEYBALL 
~'5Sl0N 'EACH 'f S~tI DIEGO 
SATURDAY, MAY 4 • MARINER'S POINT • 9:00 AM. 

• Open" UCSD 
students ontj 
Over-/he-LXIe 
Divisions: 
Mlns, WOfMIS, 
Co-ed,IFe 
Enty fee ~ per 
3-p8ISOII team 

• Beach VoIleybai 
Divisions: 
Mlns, AIled 
Enty lee Sa) per 
2-p8ISOfIlan 

UCSD~ 

• AI p;ricipants 
- receive official Beach 

Spotts Festival 
T-shrts 
.Champ~ 
awards /0 division 
wim8rs 

• Tournament 
applicaJions available 
at Canyonview 
Reaealion Offioo 
• ffxmfX9 
iltorrnaon, cal 
r.fkeHfJp, 
~tt 8emdes rx 
I.tItt Acans at UCSD 
Reaealion, 534-4037 

The UCSD Guardian 

MINDS 
ContInued from page 5 
with racial injustice? Political affili-
ation crosses all racial, sexual, and 
culrurallines. 

It should be noted that when 
SAAC Chainnan Vanness Harris 
and MEChA Chairman Victor 
Nieblas began to question the cor-
recmess of some of the opinion ar-
ticles, both SAAC Coordinator An-
thony Jemison and Director of Stu-
dent Government Services Randy 
Woodard interrupted and explained 
to Harris and Nieblas that "sensitiv-
ity" in new coverage was one thing, 
but "correcting" opinions was quite 
another - namely, censorship. 

A few days later, SAAC held its 
rall y decrying the "insens i ti vity" and 
"lack of awarenes "which is ram-
pant in the Guardian. The rally, 
billed as an effon to educate the 
student body, and make them more 
"aware," was really about "fighting 
the power," a phrase that was re-
peated over and over again. As 
marchers chanted, "Stop spreading 
negative stereorypes," one observer 
remarked, "What do they want, posi-
tive stereotypes?" 

The rally was rife with contra-
dictions . On one hand, SAAC de-

manded a public apology, but later 
Staled that the newspaper has con-
tinually apologized, and that apolo-
gies aren't enough, One student 
speaker admitted that he dido'tread 
the GUiUdian that often, but pro-
ceeded to speculate as to the nefari-
ous motivations of the paper against 
people of color. 

Most outrageous of all was the 
speech by AS. VP External-elect 
Siamak Malek, whose first sentence 
at the podium was, "I Icnow I'm 
holding the Guardian - does any-
one have a match?" That a student at 
a university would advocate the 
burning of a publication is bad 
enough, but for an elected student 
representative to advocate such an 
act of barbarism is - at the very 
least - a betrayal of those he is 
upposed to represent. 

Malek 's comments are an excel-
lent example of the true attitude of 
the "radical" reformers. Jndividual 
expression and liberty have no place 
in their scheme to seize the heans 
and minds of college students ev-
el)'where. 

Those indiv iduals who oppo e 
their political agenda or question 
their mOlives are quickly dismis ed 
as racist or elitist, often with the 
upport of the university's adminis-

lnl1l~1\ I\\t:ms \ ~IU\O 

OPINION 11 

tration. "Sensitivity" and "aware-
ness" seem to be empty words_ 

It is as if progress is impossible 
as long as underrepresented groups 
and members of the "white major-
ity" are constantly at each other's 
throats. Forced sensitivity does not 
create hannony and cultural diver-
sity - it creates division and resent-
ment. 

This conflict will never fade 
away.Butunle sboth idesareable 
to find some middle ground, true 
interracial harmony and diversity 
will never be achieved. Unfonu-
nately, the current trend seems to 
indicate that the problem will only 
get worse. 

Th. UCSD Guardloll wetcomes your let-
tersand commentaries. Drop your teuerat 
the Guardiall offices (on the econd floor 
of lhe Student Cemer. above the Genem! 
Siore) or ma,t II to: 

Opinion Edilor 
Guardial/ 

B-016. UCSD 
La Jolta. CA 92093 

Leuers shoutd be typed. doubte-spaced, 
and should include. signatureand • phone 
number. Ulls'llned Iellers w.1I 11(1/ b. 
prmted. We reserve the righl to edit for 
length and clari ty. n,e views expressed in 
commentaries lnd graphi s do not neces· 
santy repr.senl theopinionsofThe UCSD 
GUlIrdian, the UIIIVer!'rlitY orCdlifonllJ, or 
the A .S. TheG,wrdwIl 's funded solely by 
adven,sing. 

~ ~ - ~~ -

~ () () D D D 
CIANI THESE MUTHAS UP! 

~, 
~ ; 

/ 

11.99 CD 7.99 CASS 
THE ENTIRE GEORGE THOROGOOD 

CATALOG IS ON SALE NOW! 
r-'T""~~~~:-:::-:-:-:-::--:--' GEORGE THOROGOOD 

EL CAJON I SPORTS ARENA I 
796 ~ Perkwey 3601 Sporta A..". Blvd. 

ICIOA 110m "-"-y Plaza VIDH 
_ to AM .... to _ 3393 K.mpw 51. 

~ IUlCVIIIEIIS ~C~ VIIIH SAW & IRTALS! 

.. THE DESTROYi RS 
fMVf.RtcM 

'" ........... ~ . 
>It ..... " ••••• ~ 

11." CD 7.ft CASS 
GEORGE THOROGOOD 

& THE DESTROYERS 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 Et Cajon Blvd. 

"..t to Art St. Post Off. 

BOAN TO 9E BAO 
\ '''' • •• M. 



12 SPORTS 

GOLF 
Continued from page 18 
nit.ie you get. during a round." 

Thomas did take advantage of 
the chance he had at Red lands' 
par-fives, recording an eagle three 
on one. 

"[Devin] was two over going 
into the first par five, but he got 
right back 10 even [par] with the 
eagle," Wydra commented. " He 
hit a three-iron within 13 feet [of 
the cup] on hi econd shOl then 
drained the eagle pun." 

The ix players Ihatlraveled to 
Redlands made the most of Ihe 
0ppoJ1uniIY, breaking 80 for Ihe 
first time Ihis season. Bob 
Meyerson finished second among 
the Tritons with a one-over 71, 
followed closely by Dale 
Abraham's 74, and a pair of 76s 
from Bob Knee and Jeremy Moe. 
Bob Warrington brought up Ihe 
rear with a 77. 

"It's always agreal feeling when 
you can Ihrow OUI great score like 
a 76 and a 77," Wydra said. "That 
kind of scoring ju t how how 
well we're playing as a team right 
now." 

Wydra heaped praise on 
Meyerson's performance, which 
could have been an even-par 70 if 
he hadn ' t bogeyed the final hole. 
"He was pretty angry wilh [the 
bogey on 18]." Wydra said . "He 
isn'l a very long hiller . .. he get 
con i tently oUldriven by 40 or 50 

yards and often is hitting three 
woods into the green on par-fours. 
But he's a solid putter and has been 
beating the crap out of all tho e 
long hitters lately." 

Conspicuous by his absence was 
junior Matt Stottern, who had been 
a fixture in the Tritons' top six over 
the past everal seasons. "We gave 
Matt a rest Monday because he 's 
in the middle of a bad stretch of 
play," Wydra said. "We brought 
Jeremy [Moe] in lead and he turned 
in a solid round for us." 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

·SfJI/D TliE EJmt Y (W!f A.Jtl 8 1 n." • y 11" StlEET OF 
' ,AI£Jt IJ...ONO wrrn Y()UJ. NAM£. YEAI' IN SOtOOL. 

HOOETOWN. OOWlOE VOUAl'TO'O AT UCSD.""""". 
""" ~ NU ... £Jt TO: SI'QItTS Eorro!I. UCSD 
GUAJU>lAN. 9500 Glu.w< Do, .. 0316. LA Jou... 
CA 92093-0316. You CAN Al.SO DOOf' 1T00000lNTKE 
SPOIlTS EDITOIl 'S BOX AT nu. G UARDI.A.N 0FtlCE. 
LOCATED IJII TIlE Sl\lD£.NT CENTEM . ACROSS ROM no: 
G YM . 

- A LL U SO ST\JI)f)o"fS, STAFP, A..--'O FAC\1L TV 
ARE EUOIBLlTOfJ'ol'TU. txC£Yl'PQIIt GUA~lAHSTAf"P 

The UCSD Guardian 

TRACK 
Continued from pege 18 
squad, will probably have a nega-
tive effect on the level of competi-
tion at the meet, especially on the 
men 's side. 

"I think it would have been a 
pretty close contest ifaLi ofSDSU's 
men were there. 

''I'm just really disappointed," 
Stanfonh said. 

Nevenheless, Stanfonh thinks 
Ihatthe athletes who will show up 

....... EAS AND E>tI'I.OYW Of' BJ 's OIlCAOO I'rzzDlA. 
·THE P£Jt5ON WliO COMES IJI' WITH _ won 

COUfCT ANSWOS. AS O6iUMINED IY mE IUOOU, 
WD.l. BI! DfCLAAf.D ntE OLo\NO PJ.lZE WIHNEJ. AND 
Will. If RIiCOON!ZED WHEN 'THE QUa IS NJNTED ~.E 
RlUOWlNO wak..mTKEEVEHToP A ne. A OIlAWINO 
WILL IE HELD TO OETEI.MlNE ntE WrN.NFA., THOSE 
COkJlECT F.:Nn..1ES r<1T S£l..[CT'£D AS TKE ORAND PIUZE 
w(pIf'rIEa WD..L liE CX)N:SIDU.ED IlUNNEJU-UP. 

-oNl...Y (lfrIfE DrI1'RY P£R. PERSON PEl: QUa. No 
w.ss.PI\OOUCEI) ENl1tlES WlLL.E ACCEl'TED. WIlES 
MUST It: "T THE GU,UOIAJIIV NOON WEDNESDAY. 

• THE CIlA.ND PIU2E. WINNU W1LL RECElVl A F1lEII 
OINNEl POa TWO AT 8J 's CHICAGO PIZZERIA . 
RUl'floIu.s·ur WIU IlfCElV! A fkE£ porrOiD Of 
MlCIlfJ.O. DlAI'T "D. 00. SODA. AT BI·s. LOCAnD 
IN LAJou.. VllL\OESQu ....... A USTOf'AlJ. W1i'INERS 
WILL 16 P'OSTED AT 81's EACH WEEK AND WlNtlERS 
NEED TO SHO w 1000000000TIOfI TO CLAlM P1UZES. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who led the NL in home runs 
in 1989? 
2. Who was the top pick in the 
1991 NFL Draft? 
3. True or false: Mike Tyson is 
the heavyweight champion of the 
world . 

are going to give his Tritons a good 
run for their money. 

"On the women's side, we 
should be able to beat Point Lorna. 
and 1 think we will be more com-
petitive with their [PLNC's] men 
than we have in past seasons," he 
said. 

Point Lorna's windy conditions 
also should give a few UCSD ath-
letes their best opponunities of the 
season to tum in NCAA-qualify-
ing marks. 

" In the pole vault, the tailwind 

4. Who is the new manager of the 
Philadelphia Phillies? 
5. Who was the leading goal 
scorer in the NHL this year? 
6. Where did Tony Gwynn attend 
college? 
7. Namethe 1991 first-round NFL 
draft pick who did not attend 
college. 
8. What is the mascot for 
Minnesota 's NBA team? 
9. Who led the NBA in scoring in 
1990-91 ? 
10. What is the UCSD baseball 
team's record? 
Last week's questions: 
1. Who won the AL Cy Young 
award in 19877 Frank Viola 
2. Who was the winner of the la t 
year's Kentucky Derby? Unbri-
dled 
3. Who i the only two-time 
Hei man Trophy winner? Archie 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

should really help Paul [Johnson] 
reach the [15'3"] qualifying 
height," Stanforth aid. "The 
tailwind could also help [women's 
sprinter] Michelle Milledge take 
off the two-tenths of a second or so 
she needs to qualify in the 100 
[meters]." 

Stanfonh also thinks that Jeff 
Taylor has a realistic shot at join-
ing All-American Scott Sargeant 
as aqualifier for the national cham-
pionships in the hammer-throw 
event . 

Griffin 
4. Who was the winner of the 
1985 Stanley Cup? Edmonton 
s. True or false: The San Diego 
Padres won the NL pennant in 
1984. True 
6. Who was the number one draft 
pick in the 1990 NFL Draft? Jeff 
George 
7. Who won the World Series in 
19877 Minnesota 
8. True or false: Gabriela Sabatini 
is the top-ranked women 's tennis 
player in the world. False 
9. What is the name of the Toronto 
BlueJays' old stadium? Exh ibition 
10. What is the record of the UCSD 
softball team? 15-16 
Last week 's winner: 
Steve Saatjian, Revelle, Senior, 
Philosophy - Huntington Beach 
Runner's up: 
Roger Webb 

WHO CAN? YOU CAN! 

You can attend. It's EASY. 
There is no application process and no need to submit transcripts. 

Attending UCLA Summer Sessions classes is as easy as 
filling out a simple one page registration form. 

CALL NOW 
to receive a catalog listing of courses being offered. 

(213) 825-8355 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 The: UCSD Guardian 

ESSAY 
BY DAN McDOWELL 

Blood, Sweat, and Tears 
T he first time I tried to give blood, I almost fainted . r' m a person who gets queamish at the sight of blood, even during a bad 

horror flick. I was givi ng 
blood just to get out of high-school phys-
ics. The idea of helping someone was 
distant. 

The second time I donated, it was for 
my mother, and that sense of helping 
someone was all tooapparem. She needed 
blood foranoperation,andI wa the only 
possible donor. 

A simple but strong feeling within let 
me overcome my fears. 

I gave twice for her, fabricating a 
"cousin" in order to give the second time 
because the required waiting period be-
tween donation had not yet pas ed. 

Now that it is over and my mom is 
recovering, I look back and wonder, 
"What if I wasn't the right type? Who 
would have given blood for my mom?" 
Thequestion seems unanswerable to me. 

Then I thinkaboutakid in high school 
that gives blood to get out of physics. 
He'd be the one. 

And now, I'll give blood more regu-
larly because I know I will be helping 
someone 's mom ordador sister, just like 
that person who'd help my mom. 

PHOTO 13 

, 



14 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Graduating? Only 53 days till you wear 
that funny gown. Parents coming? Don't 
lOOlll think of another hotel till you call 
the La Jolla Cove Motel. 170 Beautifut 
rooms, wild night· lifo of Prospect St. in 
your backyard, world class beauty of 

CLASSIFIEDS 
he Cove" out your front balcony. 

Expensive? Not. $44.00 UCSD special. 
Obviously these rooms WIll go fast. It's 
not too early. call 459-2621 or toll (ree 
(800) 248·COVE (418·4129) 
Get involved at Revelle . Revelle 
Commiltee Applications are avaIlable 
at the Revelle Provost Office. due 
Friday, April 26·th. (411 1 -4125) 
It's close and convenient and next to 
the Grove. It has gifts, Jewelry, and 
ethniC clothes. For those birthdays, 
annrversarres, and specIal exlras, come 
to the Grove Gallery Store and 
experience a cultural Spec1rum. (4/15· 
4125) 

Classified adverti 'illg is sold ill 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
studenrs (for personal use only), 3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The U SO Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p .m. MOl1dayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
righllo refllse any advertising ineluding but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more informatioll call 34-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La. Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual addres : SlIIdent Center A, tOpf/OO1: 

Attention Foreign Students - Students 
want your cars, furniture, computers, 
etc. (714) 846-9152, Any languages. 
Mike. (4115·4125) 
A.S. InternShip deadlines April 26th 
for summer and fall opponunitiesl Need 
info? Call 534·4689 Nowl (4/18·4125) 
Get involved at Third College. Run for 
third College Student Council. Positions 
open: Student·at-Iarge (2), Director of 
Finance, Director of Programming, 
Director of Communications, and Junior 
Senator. Deadline to apply is May 3rd. 
Information Session on April 30th, 6:00 
p.m .. at Oceanview Lounge. Apply at 
ThIrd College Dean's office. (412.2-512) 
OPERATION INTERPRAISE II-Come 
sing and worship God WIth all the 
Christian Fellowships tomorrow PHI 08 
7p.m.(4125) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari-Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student Discounts. 556-4644/226-
1962. (4/1-6/6) 
PASSPORT PICTURES!! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you walt. 
Xeroxes and more Near St Germalns. 
452·9949. (1122·6/6) 
Math tutoring, for qualIfied help in a 
wide variety of topics, call James 483· 
7816. (4/15-5/6) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. For information call 
Post Graduate Group, 985·0426. (4/1· 
616) 
WORD PROCESSING : Papers , 
repons, dissertations, manuscripts. 
Laser. Lowest Rates l Lu 234-5433.(41 
18·5/13} 
Dissenation services: accomplished 
writercan help you organize, write, edit. 
Reasonable, fast . Tracy Deliman 673· 
4330.( 4118-4/29) 
Catering: Indonesian Food. Will deliver. 
Quality food. Meals include rice + 3 
variety dishes. $G. ~O/person. 581 ·2249. 
( 4122-4125) 

Writing tutor, 5 years U.C. experience 
working with all levels/assignments. 
Reasonable rates. Steve 942-7835. (41 
22·519) 
SUMMER IN EUROPE FROM $343 
each way on discounted scheduled 
airlines to Europe from San Diego. Call 
(800) 325-2222. (4122-4/25) 

Word Processing Services: Papers, 
Repons, Resumes, Thesis. Call 566· 
9096. (4122-4125) 

Former professor (Ph .D.) will edit your 
papers for grammar, style, and structure. 
Dr. Barre' - 738-6090. (4122,4125) 

RESUMES WRITIEN by profess. 20% 
off grad. stud. LASER - P.B. Writing 
Service 488·0625 (4122-512) 

6 Billion $$ available for student aid. 
ANY student can qualify. Call DiversiTee 
NOWI262·4664.(4/25·5/6} 

MEAL TICKET 

I 

cr.iA?house 
'Bellch~ 

TICKET GOOD FOR 20% DISCOUNT OFF TOTAL CHECK 

SUNDECK & OCEAN VIEW DINING 
722 GRAND AVENUE • PACIFIC BEACH • 272-1999 

Expires June 15. 1991 

CiI11·800·\VIIAT NOW 
Auto Accident Attor 

; 

REVELLE STUDENTS! 
Get involved at Revellel 

Join a Revelle Committee! 
Applications available at the 

Revelle Provost Office 
Due April 26 

Word processing : Term Papers , 
Resumes, Dissenations, RUSH JOBS. 
(20 Years) 453·0656 (leave message; 
prompUyanswered).(4/25) 

WANTED 
Need Cash? W. deliver' Domino's 
Pizz. is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opponunlties al/ailable. 
Complete training program. If you are 
18 years old, have a valid drivers license, 
auto insurance, an excellent driving 
record, and access to a car, you can: 
Earn up to $101 hr. (total comp.) Enjoy 
the freedom of being on the road, work 
flexible hours . APPLY TODAY t 
Domino's Pizza UCSD 3211 Holiday 
Ct 452-UCSD. Please apply after 3 
p.m. (1/10-6/6) 
Tired of low wages and long hours? Do 
you want to earn more? (619) 758-
4602. (214-4/25) 
I need 200 people deSiring wealth 
without the corporate rat race. Calt 271 -
4940 for information. 271 -4940 (217-51 
2) 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT-
fisheries. Earn $5,000+/month. Free 
transportation I Room and Board l Over 
8,000 openings . No experience 
necessary_ Mate or Female. For 6n-
page employment manual, send $8.95 
to M&L Research , Box 84008, Seattle, 
WA 98124 - 100% moneyback 
guarantee.(4/4·4129} 
WANTED - NatIve English speakers 
ages 22·60 as subjects in psychology 
- memory experiment. Quick, easy 
way to earn $10 (in less than an hour). 
On campus, appointments at your 
convenience. Call Laura - 450·1291 
or 450-9279. (4115-4125) 
NOW HIRING qualified drivers , 
telephone operators and kitchen help, 
for Southern California's fastest growing 
franchise . In search of ambitious, 
success oriented, team members. Great 
opponunity. 457·8646. (4115-4125) 
WANTED: Volunteer and internship 
poSitions available immediately in the 
UCSD public relations/media relations 
office. Administrative assistance and 
special projects in a busy, exciting offICe 
selting, Flexible hours. Call Huda 534-
3121. (4/1 5·4125) 

We need two people to serve & tend bar 
at a wedding. Saturday 4127, 4-9 p.m. 
$S/HR. Call SilvlolCindy 587-7943_(41 
18-4/25) 

WANTED - ROLLERBLADES. Not 
using yours? I'm looking for women's 6 
or so. Call 558-7087. (4/22-4125) 
Wanted: Subjects from Boston needed 
for music perception experiment. No 
music experience necessary. $10Ihr_ 
Call 558·1385. (4122-4129) 
Males models needed. Photo editor 
(national magazJne) needs students : 
"Southern Califomia Collegiate" spread. 
Mr. Ross 967-5864. (4/22-4/25) 

UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY taking 
applications for fall quarter Student 
Intern. Application/Information, Bldg. 
1t502 MAAC, 534-2521 .(4125-5/9) 
WOODSTOCK II Student seeking 
interview for research paper with 
someone who attended! Call Cathy 558-
5784.(4/25) 
GIRL SATURDAY NEEDED WITH 
CAR. Driving to markets, Library_ Light 
house work. Steady. 453-5726.(4/25-
4/29} 
Seaview Blrkenstock 1555 Camino Del 
Mar, Del Mar (619)793-0199 Is looking 
for outgoing and energetic sales 
persons for part time work now and this 
summer. Flexible hours. Please call or 
stop by sto re_ Ask for Mary or 
Angelika .(4125) 

Beach Lifeguard. Salary: $9.37 Hour. 
Must be 17 yrs by 618/91 (exempt 
1t18932) & a strong swimmer. Call 24· 
hr recording for info. (619)236·7119. 
City of San Diego, EOE.(4125) 
Staff Wanted: Roughing It Day Camp in 
S.F. EastBay hiring for summer 1991 1 
Positions: counselors, swim & riding, 
waterfront staff, environmental 
education, spons, Ans & Crafts. Must 
have experience, refs. Cali (415) 283· 
3795. (4/25) 

FOR SALE 
Futons and special frames, best price 
and quality, 10 Frame styles , 100 Futon 
inventory. 226·1398. (4/4-4/29) 
Mountain Bike, Bianchi Incline, 21 ", 
Shimano LX, one month old. $300. 452-
1879.(4/18-4125) 
1982 SUZUKI GL 125. Runs great. New 
tires. Serviced. 4700 miles_ Parking 
permit. $450 Tobin 457-2890.(411 8--41 
29) 

SMOG $1999* CHECK 1 
plus $8.00 state cart. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
8-cyl. $39.99 

• Oil, lube, lilt .... ",.· 
• Ale SeMce $111 .... 

• Coot8l1t SeMce ,",.' 
• Tfllnsmiasion SeMce $24 ... . 
• Brake Special (1 aide) ...... . 

• mo.t ... 

CaDAutoc.. 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

____ Rd.. autt. c 
(1IetIInd 8oocIJMr) 

..... DIeto. CA t2121 (811) ••• 2438 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

Brand New BOSE AM-5 speakers paid 
$750, make an offer. 270·8918.(411 8-
4125) 
'82 Olds Omega, 108K, mInt Interior, 
loaded, $1600 O.B.O., 558·7631 . (41 
22-4/25) 

ATARI MEGA2, color monitor, 2mb 
RAM, printer, desk, software, extras. 
AlVpan$1200 O.B.O. 587-0567. (4122-
4125) 

DENON top-of·the·line pullout COl 
Tuner. List $750, asking $375 O.B.O. 
Dave 748-8664. (4/22·4/25) 
Guitar: Fender SqUIre Strat, blk wi 
rosewood neck, hardshell case, squire 
15 amp. $250. 558·2081. (4122-4125) 

1979 Toyota Celica - NC , sunroof. PI 
S, PB. It's ugty but runs great! $950. 
944·5741 Brian. (4122-4/25) 

IBM PS12 Model 30-286, one year old, 
20MB HD, 4MB RAM, IBM 8513 VGA 
MONITOR, 1.44 and 1.2 FD, Proprinter 
III , plus software only $21 00 obo_ John 
587-8244.(4125) 

'67 Cougar XR7/GT w/390: white with 
red leather; looks & runs beautifully 
$4600 obo. 488-2938 Jim. (4125-511 3) 

GRAPHING CALCULATOR, Caslo fx-
7000G. New- 4 months. Program-
mabie- Riemann sum. Case, manuals 
& box. Excellent condition . Scratch-
free. Retail $75, yours for only $54. 
Hugh, after 6p.m. 279-2584.(4125) 

Car stereo system JVC cassette under 
warranty, redline mlds, tweets, and 10" 
subwoofers. Hifonics Europa Amplifier 
with .02% THD runs whole system with 
crystal clear sound. Paid over $900. I 
have all receipts. Like new, selling for 
$500. Give me a call 587 -8948.( 4125--4/ 
29) 
MOVING SALE: Twin Sealy Bed $1751 
best, Dryer $25. Eves 271 -6027.(4/25) 
YES + Steve Winwood Concert TIckets. 
Great Seat. Great Shows. Call Now-
AI 457-1319.(4/25) 
I 

HOUSING 
Want to make money while you are out 
of town this summer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible 
law students who will be clerking at 
Seltzer Caplan Wilkins and McMahon 
in San Diego. Please call Maria Macias 
at 294·2801, extension 135 for further 
information. (4/1-613) 
Fem;::e roommates wanted: Own room 
available in 2 story, 4 bedroom Mira 
Mesa house May 1. $350/month + 1/4 
utilities. Non·smoker, no drugs, and no 
pets. 271 -8349. (4/8-4/29L 
For RENT: 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath condo 
with fireplace. Mira Mesa. $850/mo. 
Sylvia 483-0047. (4115-4/29) 
UNIVERSITY CITY $250 Female to 
share nice 3 bedroom house (own 
room). Patio, plano, fifeplace, washerl 
dryer. No smokers, pets, drugs. Call 
Mark or Erica 534-2391 , 534-3383 
(message). (4/15-4/25) 
$420/mo, 100% private Rm-Bath-
Phone and common kitchen. OPEN 
HOUSE every day 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 
4449 Claire mont Drive (east of Regents 
Rd, Near Clairemont Square Shopping 
Center). (4/15-4125) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (6'·9t"4). after 
~ their cwse WOIII, renin with 
a cissef1ation pendinJ ~ indefi-
nitety. Among these ABOs (Al-B:1·!h&-
Dissertation) a.re generally found the 
br9IlHt and most creatiw cardKlates . 
Addressing those elements irMllved in de-
Ia~ completion, !he WOII!shop Que. 
partrcipants, from beginning 10 following 
thfOl91 and ~Iion, particularly after 
years of Inactivity and regardless 01 where 
they are in the process. 

Workshop information 
985-0426 

PosIgfaduall Group 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

Single rm. avail. to nonsmoking female 
for house in La Jolla Colony. $35OImo. 
+ deposit + 1/4 util. 3Br, 2 112 Ba, 
washer/dryer, garage, pooVspa, other 
amenities. Quiet. 587·8982.(4118-4125) 
Room available at La Jolla Del Sol! 1-2 
female non·smokers wanted. $425 for 
one. $255 each for two. Close to 
shopping, campus. Available nowl 
Jessie, 535-1352.(4/18-4125) 
On·campus housing and $alary. In 
return for helping disabled student with 
personal care, 2·5 hrslday. Female, 
non·smoker preferred. Please call Julie 
458-9748 evenings. (4122-4129) 
Spectacular Ocean View. Private room 
near beach and campus, female non· 
smoker preferred. $343. 454-0622. (41 
22-4129) 
Fumished large master bedroom , in a 
fully fumished multi·level condo with 
view, own bath and balcony. Garage, 
pooI,jacuzzi, washer, dryer, microwave, 
dishwasher, fire place, near UCSD. 
$700 + utilities. 452·0753. (4I22·4/29) 
Private room available in nice 4-
bedroom University City house with 
large back yard. Only $345 per month 
(includes Utilities and Laundrylll) Great 
location only 8 minutes to UCSD. 
Looking for a responSible, EZ-going 
roommate. Sorry, no drugs, smokers or 
pets. Contact John 453·7159. (4122--41 
29) 
Room available in beautiful University 
City house only minutes from campus. 
Pool , jacuzzi, 2 fireplaces, basketball 
court, washer-dryer. Plentiful parking. 
$400 + 1/4 utilities.278-D968. (4125-41 
29) • 
Roommate wanted, own room, bath 
$350. No util, no smoking, avail 5/1 . 
Call Andy 294-7729.(4/25} 

DELTA GAMMA 

Share a cool 3 bedroom Clairemont 
house. Relaxed atmosphere. Call Dave 
560-1837. $320/month. (4125) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost-Sketeboerd, winter finals week, 
my only transportation, red, dragon-
boHomed, if found call 436·5898.( 4118· 
4125) 
Lost: RING. Simple silver band with tiny 
fake diamonds. Lost 4113 near APM. If 
found please call Jen 457-0295. High 
sentimental value & REWARD. (4122· 
4125) 
Cinderella, I found your dance shoe 
near Mandeville Aud . Call me at 543-
9141 . (4122-4129) 
Found: One earring in the bathroom of 
the WLH complex. It's a blue diamond-
like stud. Call 558-5919.(4125-4129) 

PERSONALS 
I 

STUDY, WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMERlllnfo session Tuesday, April 
9 1 :30 - 3 p.m. at the International 
Center Lounge.(4/8·4129) 
Get out to the beach i.e. The Firehouse 
Beach Cafe. Check out our meal ticket 
In the Guardian. The summer in on its 
way and the sundeck Is awaiting your 
arrivalll Aloha from the Firehouse.(41 
11-4129) 
Top 3 least popular traffic sclhools. 3. 
Crash and Bum Traffic School , 2. Red 
Asphalt Traffic School, 1. TheL.A. Police 
Behavior Modification TraffIc School . 
The'1 most popular traffIC schoolis the 
Highway to Humor Traffic School. Dayl 
evening classes, PB or Mission Valley , 
260·1954_ (411 -5I4) 
Delta Sigma Phi ... Good luck at · Anchor 
Splash"". We'll be cheering I - Your 
"Absotut" Coaches.(4125) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Graduating? Only 53 days till you wear 
that funny gown. Parents coming? Don't 
.ven think of another hotel till you call 
the La Jolla Cove Motel. 170 Beautiful 
rooms, wild nighl·life of Prospect St. in 
your backyard, world class beauty of 
"the Cove' out your front balcony. 
Expensive? Not. $44.00 UCSD special. 
Obviously these rooms will go fast. It's 
not too earty, call 459·2621 or toll free 
(800) 248·COVE. (4/8-4129) 
Need cash? We buy CDs, tapes, videos. 
Music trader 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-
1469. (4122·6/6) 
A.S. Internship deadlines April 26th, for 
summer and fall opponunitiesll Need 
info? Call 534-4689 nowl (4122-4125) 
TatenVPresentations wanted for World 
Fest, Friday 5/1 0 all day at Price Center/ 
International Center. Chances at great 
prizes. Proposals due 4129: See T&CI 
Int'l Center. Questions? 534-3730.(41 
25) 
World Fest: Exploring cultures here and 
abroad. Friday May 1 O. All day at Prices 
Centerl lnternational Center_ Free raffie 
tickets at most events. Great prizes 
from Councit Travel.(4125} 
To the men of Sigma Nu-Getpsyched 
for this Saturday I We know you'll make 
the biggest splash I Love, Your Spiril 
Team.(4125) 
Way to go "New Jack Hustiers"1I Lisa 
was asking for it! Love, your biggest 
fanl(4125} 
To Dr.s Piscopo, Wavey, and Rosen 
Rosen, Fugg'n MCATsl Kick some butt 
guyst Love, Mapes.(4125) 
ZBT, Help, we're stranded I So come 
back to the islands this Friday. Love 
AoPi. (4125} 
sAEs- Looking forward to the 26th 
exchange I We'll have a blasll Love, the 
Pi Phis .(4125) 

PROUDLY PRESENTS 
We've gol 

Roommates 

'91 
Tlckttl 
Cars 
Blka 
Dealoi 

lenrals 
SIatos 

surtboards 
AuIoRcpalr 

Sales 
jobs 

1'ypiftg 

CLASSIFIEDS 15 

OUSMANE SEMBENE and THrERNO FATY SOW'S 

CAMP 
DE 

THIAROYE 
A NEW YORKER FILMS RELEASE, © 1990 

THIRD COLLEGE 
FILM FESTIVAL 

MONDAlj APRIL 29 
7:»1u:00 p.m" 

UCSD 
PRICE CENTER AUDnORIUM 

Sponsored by Third World Studies 

FREE ADMISSION 

DANIEL J. 
SULUVAN 

Writer, Arts Critic, 
Teacher 
Former los Angeles Times 
Theater Critic 

"DISSENT: A 
CRITIC'S VIEW" 

A Student Colloquium 
Thursday, April 25 
3:00 p.m. 
UCSD 
Revelle Formal Lounge 
(south $ide of the building west of 
Revelle Cafeteria) 

UPUmNGGOD 
ON STAGE" 
FROM AESCHYLUS 
TO WOODY ALLEN 

Thursday, April 25 
8:00 p.m. 
UCSD 
Peierson Hall 
Room 108 

April 27th • 12 Noon e Canyonview Pool 

BabysIUio& 
Compum 
ImtNoa 
aodmorclo 
the GlUlrdillll 

Sponlored by Ihe 
Eugene M Burke lecrurelhlp 

ALL PROCEEDS GO TO THE L.A . CHILDREN 'S BLIND CENTER 
$2 .00 DONATION AT THE DOOR cla551f1eds. What 

do you ocedI 

Both aventl are free and open 10 Ihe pub;'( 
For further InformatIon (al i 534 2426 

·ROUNDTRIPSI· 
,"C/D.C.I_ 
LONDON 
TOKYO 
SYDNEY 
AMSTERDAM 
MADRID 
COSTA RICA 
FRANKFURT 
COPENHAGEN 
IAU 

• ...... ,AarMII 

INm I3D3 
1Nm_$I2O 
tram lIIIO 
INm SI2I 
INm .-
from $698 
from $299 INm _ 
......... 

.Iron! 1111 

• EURAIl NIHI/IIIC CAIIDI 
• ... TllAVB. _MNCE 
• ADIIICI fROM DI'IRTI 

1111 CCIUHI-.L .. 
UN u.oo. CA _111 

1 -ovu-1 I I - V . 12 
619-286 -1322 

~j 
'" ' . ; .\ '. : . 

Stnith Corona Seeks 
Student Marketing Reps 
To sell Electronic Typewriters, Word Processors, and Computers on Campus 

Must be Sophomore or Junior by September 1991 Term 

Campus interviews at Price Center Irvine Room 
on Tuesday, April 30th. Sign up at Career Services Center. 



, , 

" 

16 NEWS 

GET SMARTI 
The LSAT is Changing 

THE 
PRINCETON LSAT 

GMAT 
GRE REVIEW 

We Score More! 

Test scores may count as much as 50% 
in the admissions decision 

Are You Prepared? 
Prepare for the LSAT before it gets harder! 

CLASSES BEGIN MAY 4 
(619) 695·9952 

HUHTRIDGE 
HAIR CARE 
7955 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

Located in the 
Summer House Inn 

OPEl I DlYS I WHJ( 

454-0785 

WHEN YOUR HAIR'S 
LOOKING LIFELESS, 
CATCH A WAVE! 

If you were born with a fashion 
passion but cursed with a du ll, 
board-straight hair, catch a wave! 
Redken perms provide the textural 
shapes and volu ptuous volume 
you've been dreaming about. 

Redken perms give your stylist 
the freedom to create any look you 
can imagine-from corkscrew curls 
to romantic waves. Explore the 
artistic potenti al of your hair and 
ask for a Redken perm today! 

REDKEN 
M'BA~~"I)()R ~AI () 

r-------------------, I INTRODUCTORY OFFER 2 5 0 I I 
I with St?cy Kaufma~. Slacy '/0 I FF" I excels In perms, haircuts I and weaves. Bring in this _ _ I 
I coupon and receive up to I 
L S20 OFf SERVICES. PLEASE CALL 454-0785 fOR AN APPOINTMENT. -------------------~ 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*lnclude : CL exam, care kit , myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ. Paraperrn, Boston. 

(Offu upirtJ 511 J/'i I J 

CUIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

o Prc,' ••• "oRiIi. 
o Q ... Ut, .,.c.r. 
o ••• _n_I» •• Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
2 .. 58. 
3938 Adams A'ie. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. 
Continued from page 3 
contact with local representatives 
to the state legislature by lobby-
ing them three times a quarter. 

In addition., Orozco mentioned 
goals such as increasing campus 
safety and getting a paid staff 
member for the Women's Re-
source Center. 

Orozco encouraged "active 
student involvement," e peciaJly 
on the fee increase issue. 

He also said he will seek to 
break the image that " the AS. is 
upon a hill making decisions, "by 
further developing an AS. new -
letter and campu forum which 
will allow tudent to learn and 
ask que tions about campus i -
sue . 

Addressing the inexperience 
of t.he incoming council, Orozco 
aid he hopes thai inexperience 

will translate into new ideas. 
Although Orozco admitted 

that the council may get off to a 
slow stan, he remained hopeful 
about the new group. 

"The fact that the council is 
new may be seen as a setback by 
some people, but I see it as a 
po itive," he aid. 

Thursday, April 25, 1991 

TUESDAY 'S ASSOCIATED STUDENTS MEETING IN BRIEF 
AUoc:ations: 
o $135 reallocation to Media Unallocated, from East/West Horizons 

budget 
o $200 to the Koala, from Media Unallocated 
• $1550 to MEChA for Cesar Chavez speaking engagement, Monday, 

May I , from General Unallocated 
• $1511 reallocation for New Mu ic Seminar, from BGIF Sub-Budget 
• $2000 reallocation to the New Music Festival, from Jazz Festival Sub-

Budget 
• $944 reallocation to the New Music Fe tival, from BGIF Sub-Budget 
o $600 to African American Student Union for Semi-Formal/22nd 

Annual Anniversary Celebration, from General Unallocated 
• $386 to Students for Pro-Choice for Pro-Choice Awarene Day, May 

8, from General Unallocated . 
• $1 00 underwrite to Students for Pro-Choice for Pro-Choice Awareness 

Day 
• $1556 reallocation to Media Unallocated, from various media budgets 
. $ 1000 reallocation to SunGod Concert line item budget, from Sun God 

Sound and Stage line item budget 
Appointments: 
o Randolph Siwabessy, as commi ioner of Public Relations 
• Paul Wilcox. as commissioner of Operation Services and Enterprises 
• Monica Copado, as ASUCSD student advocate 
• Peter Benefiel, as ASUCSD Judicial Board chair 
• Poncho Guevara , Lisa Hernandez, Mari Chernow, Emilio Brunil to 

AS. Rules Committee 
• Cindy Ramirez, Jennifer Morrow , TOlli Cacciatore to A.S. External 

Committee 
• Erik Johnson , Jay Levin, Cindy Ramirez, Julie e/l/mg, Aimee Dumas 

to A.S. Media Committee 
• Jennifer Morrow, Poncho Guevara to A.S. Finance Committee 
• Poncho Guevara elected to AS. president pro-tempore 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

Part of an ongoing celebration of the birth of American music. 

NOW THE 
ROOTS 'N' BLUES 

SERIES 
CONTINUES 

WITH A 
SECOND WAVE 
OF RELEASES. 

All digitally remastered recordings, including 
never-before-released tracks. rare photographs, 

and extensive liner notes. 
Also look for : ROBERT JOHNSON, 

LONNIE JOHNSON . BIG BILL BROONZY, 
WILLIE DIXON, BESSIE SMITH, 

and various artists packages: 
SLIDE GUITAR and CAJUN. 

ALSO ON SALE: 
PREACHIN' THE GOSPEL·Holy Blues 9,99 CD 4,99 CASS 

MEMPHIS MINNIE· Hoodoo lady 9,99 CD 4.99 CASS 

Thisls WhereltAIIBegan. 
o. Colulibia/L 

~ 
RAUNCHY 
BUSINE SS '. 

KOT "UTS I 
LOLLYPOPS 

~ 
GREAT 
BLUES 
GUITARISTS 

·OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT 0 365 DAYS A YEAR 

ELCAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway 

across from PartMay Plaza 
OP.N 10 AM TO 10 PM 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 Sports Arena Blvd. 

VIDeO 
3393 Kemper SI. 

COLLEGE AREA 
6405 EI Cajon Blvd. 

next to Art St. Post Off. 

Monday, April 25, 1991 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 18 
Coyotes ' playoff hopes today as 
CSUSB hosts UCSD in a double-
header at 2 p.m. 

At the moment, the Tritons have 
the upper hand in the playoff race 
on the strength of an early-season 
home doubleheader sweep of the 
Coyotes and a perfect 8-0 record 
versus Division m opponents. And 
the Tritons' advantagedoesn't stop 
there. 

"On top of having an 8-0 
(record]against Division m teams, 
I think we've played a tougher 
schedule overall," UCSD Head 
Coach MelissaJarrell said. "We've 
also done better against common 
opponents (than CSUSB). Right 
now I definitely think that we are 
the better team. " 

BITS 
Continued from page 18 
legality of your program?" 

Jerry, screaming: "Lloyd 
Daniels was never part of the 
UNL V basketball team! Lloyd was 
an unfortunate kid who needed 
some help.-We thought we might 
be able to help him out. You 
know .. _ get him some money, buy 
him an education ... that kind of 
stuff. 

"But when we found out he was 
arrested in a drug raid, we cut all 
ties to him. We don't need that 
kind of publicity or influence cloud-
ing our kids. And these kids, they're 
really great kids." 

"Mrn-hmm, speaking of influ-
ence .. . what kind of influence or 
involvement did Vic Deauvono 
have in the recruitment of Melvin 
Love?" 

Jerry, perturbed and screaming: 
"How come no one ever asks me 
about Larry Johnson, and how he 
calls his mom three times an hour? 
How come no one ever asks me 
about Stacey Augmon, and how he 
spends hours doing voluntary work 
at the Church of Runnin ' Rebel? 

" How come no one ever asks 
me about George Ackles and the 
book he read last year? All you 
guys are ever interested in are the 
NCAA allegations! If you write 
aboutlhis outburst, I'll ruin you! I 
swear I will! Write about my kids! 
They're greal kids." 

With all these kids, it makes 
you wonder which Jerry we're talk-
ing about. Don't you just wish Tom 
Marshall was lhis much fun? 

o A few observations on the 
NFL Draft: Bruce McNall is nuts ... 
Raghib Ismail is rich ... Never be-

But Jarrell is by no mean count-
ing the Coyote out. CSUSB is 
tr"ditionally tough at home and the 
Coyotes didn' t lie down for the 
Tritonsearlierintheseason. UCSD 
had to go 10 innings before edging 
CSUSB in the opener 1-0. The 
nightcap was slightly less intense, 
with UCSD prevailing 3-1. 

"I'm sure they ' ve improved a 
lot from that time, but so have we," 
Jarrell said. 'The rivalry between 
these two teams is traditionally 0 
strong that there's no way we could 
concede anything to them." 

Jarrell is fairly sure that if the 
Tritons split with the COYOles, their 
playoff hopes will remain intact. 
But if UCSD were to lose both 
games, the Tritons' postseason 
hopes would be seriously jeopar-
dized. "If we lost both, I think we'd 
have a hard time making (the play-

fore have there been so many ques-
tionable first-round picks ... Never 
before have there been so many 
people saying "Huh?" when a pick 
was made ... 

Bobby Beathard always man-
ages to draft "one of the top two 
players in the draft" ... Something 
smells about Raiders' pick Nick 
Bell, originally projected among 
the top \0 players available and 
chosen 43rd ... 

Top four names drafted: Amir 
Rasul (no relation to Raghib 
Ismail), Fernandous Vinson, Rhett 
Hall, and Browning Nagle. Can' t 
decide if the latter is a gun or a 
picture ... 

Pity the sap who has to stich 
"Sagapolutele" on the back of a 
jersey... More people claim that 
they can run a4.4. 4O-yard dash in 
April than in any other month ... 
Wasn't the Super Bowl three 
months ago? 

• A friend of mine refers 10 
Craig Lefferts as Cliff Clavin. 

• It's hard to believe that Bip 
Roberts is the same guy who was 
tripping over second base a few 
years ago. It's even harder to be-
lieve that the Padres could get rid 
of Roberto Alomar and end up 
with a better second baseman. 

• Rumor: Bobby Bonilla to the 
Mariners for Alvin Davis, Edgar 
Martinez, and a pitching prospect. 

Comment: Davis can't run. 
Martinez can't field. And Pitts-
burgh will get a fine middle re-
liever. Damned if I know what 
they're thinking. 

• You've got to believe that 
Nick Leyva is celebrating. 

• The Dodgers picked up a real 
winner in Kevin Gross. 

o The KUSI/San Diego Padres 

The UCSD Guardian 

offs]. I don't want to say that we 
must come away with at least one 
(winl.butldon 'tseehow we could 
make the playoffs otherwise. 

"If we play as well as we did 
last weekend [against UC River-
side] I don't think we'll have any 
problem," she said. 

theme song sounds like the one 
that rolls when you go to a movie: 
"Welcome to Syufy theaters. En-
joy an ice-cold Coke." 

o The Los Angeles Kings should 
have traded for Esa Tikkanen. 

o Bjorn Borg? Yikes. 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 18 

"It should be interesting," Head 
Coach Denny Harper said, noting 
that UCS D lack the depth he would 
prefer due to the injuries. 

But despite the few missing 
links, Harperanticipates the week-
end will go well: "When we play 
our games, we would have to play 
poorly to lose to anyone but (UC] 
Davis or [UC] Santa Barbara." 

"Despite the injuries," he said, 
"things are comming along nicely. 

"Obviously. we're not as to-
gether as we would like, nOI by any 
means are we in a groove and feel -
ing 100 percent," he said. But at 
the same time, Harper notes that 
UCSD could play "some pretty 
good water polo (this weekend] 
and pick up next week." 

The lOp six finishing teams this 
weekend qualify for the national 
tournament in May. 

"We know we'll (finish in the 
top six]," Harper said. "This is one 
last time to check out Davis and 
Santa Barbara." 

In addition to an opportunity 

SPORTS 17 

Brian MorrisiGuardian 
Stephanie Salo 

for UCSD to view other teams, the 
Western Quali fication Tournament 
is a chance for the Tritons to check 
their own progress. 

"Our immediate goal is to get in 
the top six," Harper said. "This 
weekend we' ll get a bener fee l for 
where we ' re at and what we need 
to improve on." 

UCSD faces Pomona-Pitzer in 
the first round and Long Beach 
State in the second. Harper said he 
thinks UCSD should have little 
trouble defeating Pomona, and 
noted that CSUl.B has a couple of 
national team players. 

WANT FAME? FORTUNE? 
Are you kidding? We certainly are. But if you want some great experience in an extracurricular 

activity while you plow through your four, five, or six-year stint at UCSD, apply for an editorial position 
on the Guardian 'S 1991 -92 staff. All positions are open, and all undergraduates are eligible to apply. 
That includes you - the one with no experience, no life , and, well , we'd prefer if you had a clue. But 
it's not required. 

Guardian staff openings for 1991·92: 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 
MANAGING EDITOR 
NEWS EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 12) 
OPINION EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR 
FEATURES EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR 
SPORTS ED ITOR 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR (2) 
ARTS ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR 
ASSOC. ARTS ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR (2) 
PHOTO EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE PHOTO EDITOR 
COpy EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE COpy EDITOR 
GRAPHICS EDITOR 
TRAINING DIRECTOR (2) 

Applications for Editor in Chief will be due by 5 p.m. on Saturday, May 4, at the Guardian oHice on the 
second floor of the Student Center. We're not going to give you directions to the Student Center, because if 
you can't find our oHice, we probably don't want you anyway. Applications for all the other editorial positions 
listed above will be due by 5 p.m. on Wednesday, May 8 in the Guardian oHice. All applications must include a 
cover letter and a resume. Clips should be included if you have them, but are not required. Place the applica· 
tion in the Editor in Chief/Managing Editor's box or mail it to Editor in Chief, c/o The UCSD Guardian, 9500 
Gilman Drive 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093·0316. Do not address anything to Phil Gruen, especial/yyour cover 
letter, cuz he's on his way out. 

Always remember: If Phil Gruen can be an editor on this paper, so can you. Apply today. 

REGISTERED UNDERGRADsAND POST DOC'S 
UCSD SUMMER 

SPECIAL 
"COVER YOUR BOD" 

WITH 
SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 

250/0 OFF ANY size storage unit 
at wtth tills ad 

= • 

'. 2. 

La Jolla Village Dr. 

• 

I 

• .. 
flit_FIll. 

•• c-

MIramar Rd. 
I 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 
549-0500 

Student Premium- $128.00 
Spouse- $ 210.00 
Children- $142.00 

(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are availaqle at 
Student Health Center • Q-039 • 534-21 23 



.' 

BITS & PIECES / PETER KO 

Tark, Fernandous, 
And Green Eggs 
J UT A H,W OTE: • Jerry Tarkanian is Ihe porting w rid' answer 

10 Richard Nixon. And UNL V is 
hi s Walergale. Waves after 
waves afler waves f allegal i ns 
wash ver his program. The 

AA suspend him afler 
e ten ive invesligati n . Yet he 
cont inues to cream " I am nOI 
guilty" at anyone who dare 
peak 10 him. Friend: " 1-1 w ya 

doin' Jerry?" hark: " I didn'l d 
n Ihin· ... 

The lalesl allegalion i~ Ihal he 
had dealings wilh a bUi>ine~!>m:lI1 
wh in lurn helped a juni r 
college player gel illl LV. 
Tarkanian claim · he had n 
k.n wledge f any f Ihis, and 
Ihal he barel knew Ihe bu ... ine!>~­
man. ic Deauvon. 0\, Y u 
know, and I know. and Tark 
kn ws that this i~ a I ad f 
baloney. Jerry Tarkalllan is Las 
Vegas. olhing goes n in that 
ci ty that Tark. d e~n' t I,.n w 
about. For go dnes sake, he had 
'econd-row seat!) for Ihe Ty on-
Rudd k fight. They might a 
well call him Don Tark. 

A LAS, TRyt 'G to get an admi sion of guilt. r for 
thaI matter a straight an!>wcr. ut 
of Ihe hark i~ like drawing 
blood from a . tone. arne a 
lopic, and he can d dge it: 

. uh. Jerry .. . h w do u 
justify recruiting a guy like 
LI yd Daniels? t that it wa a 
major infra ' tion or anything. It 's 
just that Lloyd ha been experi-
encing ome difficulty ~ hile 
reading Greell Eggs alld flam. 
Trouble with Ihe rhyming." 

Jerry: "Did I tell you that 
Greg nlhony wants to be the 
fir t bla k enalor from evada? 
That Anthony i one of the be t 
kid I' ve ever been around. 
Helluva leader that Anthony. 
Helluva kid ... great kid." 

"W ELL, ow that you 
mention it - what 's 

the tory with Anthony and orne 
of hi teammates trying to 
promote orne shirt a part of a 
bu ine he ' got a take in? Any 
comment there?" 

Jerry: "This is the greatest 
bunch of kid I've ever been 
around. Really, it' like a family. 
I' ve never been around such a 
great group of kids. I do it for the 
kid .n 

··Uh-huh. Speaking of family, 
any comment on the [pause to count 
on fingers ... then toes] II on-go-
ing NCAA inve tigation into the 

See BITS, Page 17 

S .PORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 25, 1991 

Golf Machine Picks 
Up Steam in Romp 
• Thomas leads 
Tritons' record-setting 
day at Redlands 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Rolling, rolling, rolling. Keep 
them golf ball rolling ... 

Like a tagecoa h that' s trying 
to make it on time to Dodge City, 
the UCSD golf team rolled over 
another et of opponent Monday 
as the Triton placed fir t in a 
three-way match at the par-70, 
6,276-yard Redland Country 
Club. UCSD fired a combined 10-
over-par 290, be ting both 
Redlands and Point Lorna, which 

Paul Norquist/Guardian 
Devin Thomas shot one-under 69, and the Tritons ' team scores of 
290 and 366 set all-time records at the Redlands Country Club. 

hot 299 and 311, re pectively, 
and improved its match record to 
13-3 on the season. 

The Tritons maintained their 
tatu as the fastest Division ill 

Tritons' Fall 
Gets Steeper 
• Baseball drops two more: 5-4 
to Claremont and 10-4 to SDSU 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

D wn 4-_ heading into the ninth Wedne day at 
larem nt, the C 0 baseball team ' red twice 

t I\not Ihe ~ re at 4-4. But the tag came back 
with a run of their own in the b Hom of the inning 
t claim a 5-4 triumph and drop the Trilon . re ord 
to 12- 19. 

larcmont look a -0 lead in the 'ixth inning, 
but SD red in each fLhe final three inning 
before falling. 

Tuesday al San Diego tate, ' ph more left-
hander Ryan Flanagan 'urrendered even run in 
Ihe firs tlhrec inning a theAzte romped to a 10-
4 viclory. The ztecs' Bill Dun kel extended his 
hitting treak to 24 game . and SD used ix 
pitchers in the win. The ictory had a light ta te of 
r venge f r the Aztec (32- 12) ~ ho were tunned 
by Ihe Triton 2-\ on February 19. 

Aztecs 
Missing in 
Action 

Morris/Guardian 
This weekend's games against CSUSB could 
determine the future for Kira Reinhart and UCSD. 

• Preview: Track at 
the S.D. Collegiate 
Championships Brian MorrlslGuardian Brian MorrlslGuBldian 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

When he helped ini tiate the 
annual San Diego Collegiate 
Track Champion hip , UCSD 
Head Coach Mark Stanforth 
hoped that it would be an annual 
event where all the local colle-
giate track quad could compete 
again t each other. 

UCSD, Point Lorna Nazarene 
College, and San Diego State 
reached an agreement to take part 

Mark Chun Bobbie Octavo 
in the annual event, an event "When they informed us and 
that Stanforth say "would do a Point Lorna about [the schedul-
lot for the level of [collegiate] ing of New Mexico State] we 
track in our area." were confused," Stanfonh said. 

Unfortunately, it seems that \ "We thought we had reached an 
SDSU's track team has decided agreement with SDSU to take 
not to look at it that way. In a part in this meet on a yearly 
move that mystified Stanfonh, basis. 
SDSU scheduled a simultaneou "Apparently SDSU didn't in-
meet against New Mexico State terpretthat [agreement] the same 
this weekend, and will only bring way we did." 
half of its squad to the San Di- SDSU, fielding only a split 
ego Collegiate Championships. See TRACK, Page 12 

gun in the We t. sett ing two 
record while taming a tricky 
RedJand layout. UC D' 4-man 
score of 290 and 5-man core of 
366 both urpa ed the previou · 
all-time learn competition low at 
Ihe Bulldog ' home cour e. 

Once again, the Triton were 
paced by All-America candidate 
Devin Thomas, the day ' medali t, 
who carded a one-under 69. Tho-
ma eem to feel at home at 
Redlands, a he followed up even-
par 70 in each of the la t two 
ea on with Monday 's ub-par 

effort. 
"It' tough for a solid player 

like Devin to hoot uch a low 
core on a course like this," UCSD 

Head Coach Mike Wydra said. 
"There are only two par-fives [at 
Redlands] so that tend to mini-
mize the numberofbirdieopportu-

See GOLF, Page 12 

Battle for 
The Bid 
• Preview: Softball 
heads to CSUSB with 
the playoffs on the line 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

Every year, it cern as though 
the UCSD softball team battle it 
out with rival Cal State San Ber-
nardino for the lone NCAA play-
off bid re erved for a California 
Division ill team. 

So, why give up a good thing? 
Keeping with tradition, the Tritons 
and the Coyote are neck-and-neck 
going down to the NCAA tourna-
ment election wire and whoever 
comes out the winner in the ea on 
serie i likely to be on the inside 
track for a playoff bid. The Tritons 
are hoping to bring an end to the 

See SOFTBALL, Page 17 

Gearing 
Up for 
Nationals 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women 's water polo 
team is heading to the Western 
Qualification Tournament this 
weekend at Stanford University 
with a linle less than an optimum 
situation. 

Two Triton starters - Brenda 
Reiton and Alison Westfall - are 
out with injuries. 

Reiton has a broken finger, 
while Westfall is recovering from 
head injuries suffered after she 
fainted due to an allergic reaction 
to medication she received forpajn 
following cortisone shots in her 
shoulders. 

See W. POLO, Page 17 


