
· .... 

INSIDE ... FEATURES ! SPORTS 
UCSD and Science Clips ..... 2 
Opinion ................................. 4 
Features ............................. 10 
Arts & Entertainment.. ........ 16 

The Year 
In Review 

Men's Hoop 
Wins Tourney 

Sports ................................. 22 .~ A look back at UCSO's 1990/10 Tritons end break at 11-3/22 

l,Jniversity of California, 
San Diego 

The UCSD 
MONDAY 
January 7,1991 
Vol. 72, No.1 

Third College Will Not Be Renamed 'King' 
• Civil Rights leader's family cites plans to build a college named after him 
in Atlanta; Provost Lytle says the college will not seek another name 
By Phil Gruen 
Senior Staff Writer 

Efforts to rename UCSD's Third College 
after Martin Luther King Jr. were surrendered 
in early December when his widow, Coretta 
Scott King, would not approve the use of the 
slain civil rights leader's name. 

Third College Provost Cecil Lytle said that 
attorneys for Mrs. King and the King Estate, 
and representatives from the Martin Luther 
King Jr. Center for Non-Violent Social Change 
in Atlanta explained that Mrs. King has initia-
tives to build a King College in Atlanta, and 
that a college with the same name elsewhere 
may detract from this intention. 

ing upon King College as an appropriate 
name in the spring of 1990. Though the 
renaming had been approved by the UCSD 
Naming Committee and by Chancellor Rich-
ard Atkinson, Lytle pointed out that effort 
could not proceed any further when Mrs. 
King denied the endorsement. 

According to Lytle, the University of 
California's Board of Regents requires an 
endorsement from the family before a public 
sttucture such as a college or building can be 
named after a deceased person. Lytle ex-
plained, however, that he would not have 
bypassed Mrs. King's refusal even if the 
university did not impose the requirement. 

number of project have been undertaken to 
celebrate the hi tory, achievement, and fu-
ture of the college. 

Included among these projects are the de-
ign and approval of the new core curriCI' , Jm 

titled "Diversity, Ju tice & Imagination," a 
new public service program which give Third 
College students the option to tutor kids in 
inner-city public schools while earning credit, 
and the publication of a 200-page book about 
the history of the college. 

Lytle, who had been spearheading the 
project and was involved in negotiations with 
the King family since July, said that Third 
College will retain the name it has held since 
students were first enrolled there in 1970. 

The renaming process for Third College 
had been two years in the works, with mem-
bers of the college community finally agree-

"The whole point of the renaming was to 
give the college a more meaningful name to 
reflect its view," he said. "We felt that renam-
ing the college against [Mrs. King's] wi hes 
would be counter-productive." 

Lytle indicated that it would be counter-
productive in the sense that in this, the 20th 
anniversary of Third College's founding, a 

Lytle explained that, in a hypothetical itu-
ation, he wouldratherlo etherenamingofthe 
college than some of these project that have 
"spun around and out of the initiative to find 
a meaningful name," citing both the impact 
on the community and the curricula of other 
UCSD colleges. Making note of the public 
service program in particular, Lytle aid that 
"even if we can 't work under the banner of the 
[King] name, we certainly can work under the 
spirit of the name." 

Third College Provost Cecil Lytle 
obtain the King name, Lytle aid that Third 
College will retain its original name for two 
primary reasons: He felt that simply going 

Now that efforts have been exhau ted to See THIRD, page 9 

One, Two, Tree - These three trees soaked up the water brought by this weekend's storm. 

Duran Among Three Named 
As Student Regent Finalists 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

Three finalists, including 
UCSD's Ruben Duran, were e-
lected from a pool of nine students 
for the position of student regent for 
1991-92 by the UC Student Asso-
ciation (UCSA) Board of Directors 
at the UCSA's meeting Saturday at 
UCSD. 

UCSA: More about last 
weekend's meeting/3 

Duran, a Third College junior 
and Associated Students Vice 
President Internal, Berkeley under-
graduate Dianne Chipps, and San 
Francisco graduate student Diana 
Damell were selected, according to 
Jeremy Pasternak, UCSD'sAssoci-
ated Students representative to the 
UCSA. 

Pasternak added that the board 
will now s'ubmit the names of the 
three candidates to the University of 
California Board of Regents and 
Governor Pete Wilson, who will 

make the final decision. 
The nine candidates were inter-

viewed Saturday and selections were 
made that evening, according to 
Pasternak. 

The candidate selected by the 
governor will take office in Febru-
ary as regent designee with all the 
rights and privileges of a regent 
except the right to vote, Pasternak 
said. 

On July I, the regent designee 
will receive the right to vote and will 
serve as student regent for one year, 
he added. 

Regional selection committees 
chose four students from the north-
ern campuses and five from the 
southern campu es. 

The seven undergraduate candi-
dates came from the Berkeley, 
Davis, Los Angeles, Riverside, and 
San Diego campuses. The two 
graduate candidate attend the Los 
Angeles and San Franci co cam-
puses. 

See REGENT, page 7 

A.S. Creates New Marketing Dept. for PubliCizing Student Events 
By Tammy Crawford 
Staff Writer 

In order to improve publicity for 
events sponsored by various cam-
pus organizations, the Associated 
Students has created A.S. Market-
ing Services, an extension of the 
Public Relations Office. The ex-
tension wiD advertise A.S. and stu-
dent organization events. 

The purpose of the extension is 
to "alleviate some of the work load. 
It is too much wort for one office to 
handle," said George Maurer, AS. 

commissioner of public relations. 
, Marketing Services will serve as 

a "catering service to campus or-
ganizations," Maurer explained. 
"An organization will tell us what 
event they would like promoted and 
we will do everything for them ex-
cept fund it" 

During the first two weeks of 
production, only five organizations 
wiD be promoted "because we do 
not want to overload ourselves," 
Maurer said 

"[AS. Marketing Service's] time 

has corne at UCSD," Maurer said. 
"All of the other schools have it. 
Ours is structured after USD' s mar-
keting department." 

Marketing Services plans to post 
weeldy messages on the kiosks 
throughout the campus and to up-
date posters in the glass cases. 
Maurer added that other possibilities 
include a monthly calendar, a 
quarterly newspaper, video adver-
tising in the Food Court of the Price 
Center, and a 24-hour hotline which 
would give a brief overview of 

weeldy events. 
Maurer explained that working 

for Marketing Services would "be 
good for gaining contacts, resumes, 
and making friends." 

Several positions will be avail-
able, including assistant manager of 
marketing, production service man-
ager, promotion service manager, 
and posting service manager. The 
production service manager will 
oversee the graphic, banner, and 
calendar art. The promotion service 
manager will be responsible for su-

pervising the A.S. hotline director, 
the news flashes assistant, and the 
A.S. quarterly newspaper editor. The 
posting services manager will su-
pervise the display and glass case 
artists. 

"Right now I have 25 people on 
taff. Ideally, I would like to bring it 

up to 40," Maurer said. 
Anyone interested in applying 

for a position should attend the 
meeting on Tuesday at6 p.m. in the 
computer room of the AS. offices 
on the third floor of the Price Center. 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN RRIEF 

Anthropologist Tuzin Replaces 
Ritchie as Associate Chancellor 

Anthropologist Donald Tuzin has assumed the posi-
tion of Associate Chancellor at UCSD. succeeding Pr0-
fessor Robert Ritchie. who returned to the Department of 
History after four years aI the post. 

The Associate O1ancelJor assists Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson in maintaining effective relatiomhips with the 
faculty. senior administrative staff, students, and the San 
Diego community. 

Since joining the faculty in 1973, Professor Tuzin has 
served aschairofhis department, member of the Commit-
tee on Academic Personnel, and curator of anthropologi-
cal archives in the University Library. 

Works by New Stuart Collection 
Artist to be Shown at Mandeville 

Los Angeles artist Alexis Smith was receotly featured 
on the cover of ARTnews magazine for a story about 
promising young artists in Los Angeles. The piece high-
lighted a new work of hers, S,~ Path, which was 
commis ioned by the Stuart Foundation for the Stuart 
Collection at UCSD. 

Snakt Path. a 5OO-foot trail in tiles of gray, green, 
purple, and sand colors. is expected to be installed on the 
UCSD campus by the end of 1991 . The design is in the 
shape of a serpent, and will be laid on a slope between the 
Central Library and the Engineering Building. 

The tail of SIIake Path will overlap onto the Engineer-
ing Building walkway. Moving up the slope, the path wiU 
loop around a "Garden of Eden," complete with a stone 
bench and two apple trees. 

Smith says of the design. "it's about beooming older 
and wiser, so the paradise ofknowledF is what you take 
when you leave abe shelter of the garden," or of the 
UDivenity. fer die ourside world. 

Smith will be honored with a reception from 7-9 p.m. 
on Jan. II ar the Mandeville Gallery, where she will 
exhibit her pbotographs. plans, renderings. and models 

Calvin and Hobbes 
\\E. v.E£1"5 PI'CKING 

~soow oo 
IIItJ,S£LI'! "10'$ 
GEnll'¥O \\1lGE! 

n£~~IS 
L\)~~R\~~ Off 
l\loWI.t> * f~T 

'fAA!)! 

THIS ~tLL BE nE 
~s~ 
FtlQ,\ ~ 

WLT.' 

The UCSD Guardian 

for projecls created over the past ten years. The exhibit will 
remain on display until Feb. 24. 

Construction of Scripps Aquarium 
Museum to Be Completed in 1992 

Constructioo is underway on the building for the new 
aquarium-museum aI the Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy. The 34,OOOsq~-fOOI facility is to be named the Steven 
Birch Aquarium-Museum. in n:cognitioo of ~ funding 
from the Steven and Mary Birch FouodaIioo. 

The new aquarium. which will be situaled on a site 
overlooking the La Jollacoasdine and Scripps Institution. was 
designed by the San Diegc>basedarchitectural finnofWbeeler, 
Wimer,BlackmanandAssociales.Thep1ansincludeaquariwn 
and musewn display areas, a man-made tidepooI, an educa-
lion center. a book.store, and scenic overlooks. 

Coo5buction is nearing completion ona new North Tomy 
Pines Road access to the facility and on a pauking 101 that will 
accomodate more than 240 vehicles. 

"This unique facility, which, because of its association 
with Scripps Institution of Oceanography, has special appea\ 
and credibility for those who wanttoleam about the oceans," 
said Don Wilkie. director of the Scripp Aquarium-Museum. 

"[Theaquariwn's) rnajor goals are to increase understand-
ing of the ocean and promOle wise use of ocean resources. 
Scripp Aquarium has served generations of SWl Diego 
tudents with education programs over the past decades and 

the new facility will greatly enhance our efforts," he said. 

NSCIENCE~ EWS-'--
SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 

Departments of Chemistry and 

Monday, January 7,1991 

CO)(mu-RS~(COV Anion" at 2 pm. in room 21 02 of 
UreyHall 

• Friday - Professor Michael Heinekey of Yale 
University will lecture on "Studies of Transition Metal 
PolybydrideComplexe .. 3t4 pm. in room 103 of Peterson 
Hall. 

CalbiocbaD IOd UCSD are also sponsoring a series of 
lec:nRs by Nobel Laureate Dr. Aaron KJug. Dr ,KJug will 
speak on Mcoday. Jan. 7 at the Liebow Auditorium of 
BSB 00 "MacnxnolecuJar Assemblies: Structure and 
Specificity." 

On Tueaday. Jan. 8. Dr. KJug will also be lecturing at 
the Liebow Auditorium on "Some Unusual SbUctuteS of 
DNA and Their Biological Relevance." On Wednesday. 
Jan. 9, Dr. KIva will speak. in the Ganm Auditorium of 
BSB 00 "Zinc Finger and Olher DNA Binding Proteins 
Involved in the Regulation of Gene Expression." All 
lec:lmes are ar4 p.m. 

BIoenglneers Test Implantable 
Blood Sugar Sensor for Diabetics 

An implantable glucose sensor for monitoring blood 
sugar levels, which has been uce fully tested in animals, 
could be coupled with an implanted insulin pump now 
being developed by research teams, according to David 
Gough, professor of bioengineering. 

Gough, who has led the sensor research effon for more 
than a ~ade, said that the goal would be to provide 
diabetics with a fully automatic, implanted device that 
monitors blood sugar levels and administers proper insulin 
doses when occded. 

Implantable insulin pumps are already being tested in 
human clinical trials, but their effectiveness is limited, 
Gough says. PaliatIS must still prick theirfmgers to obtain 
blood samples and test their blood sugar levels, often 
several times a day. in order to adjust the amount and 
timing of abe insulin delivery. 

"Home blood gluoose sampling is a painful and often 
ioaa:urateproaldure. Theimplantedsensorprovidesmucb 

Physics Hold Lectures This Week ' beaaiDformaliooforthemanagementofdiabetes,"Googb 
The Departments of Physics and O1emistry will offer the said. 

following lectures during the week: of Jan 7-11: The implant is about the size of a small matchbox and 
• Monday - Amitait Halevi of the Tecboical InstiIuteof its electrode IeIIIOr can be placed inside one of the large 

Haifa,IsraeJ, will speakar2p.m. oo"A Mecbanistic Overview blood vesselseotering the hean. 
of (2+ 2]-Cyctoadditiona." The lecture will be held in Coo- . The UCSD ... ·s sensor is implanted in the superior 
ference Room lIlA. veaacava. wbaieitl;OlltinuouslyrneISURS bloodglUCOIC 

• Tuesday - Diecmar Seyfer1h oftbe Massachuseus In- by means rI .. eozyme-<:oaIedelectrode. and then trans-
slituteofTechnoloaywillgivealectureoo"LipodCooslrw- milslllimJlo.by-minreadiogsusingasmaDradiotcle-
tion on a Diiron Framework: The <l1emisuy of tbe(nur meter impJaated under the skin. 

1 \m~ ~. 
S\), ~\\A1t~ 
IT I">, wt'~ 
Go\t<(, 10 t-££l) 

~\EC!"l~ 1 

by Bill Watterson 

~'\ TIt>'[ -nit. NOH \1£ 'S 
S~ ~ltD -'\:00> ~M.R 

~OOI. ARM! IIk'S 
\I 'fl())\.l) ~ i1JROO) H~SlLf 
JUS, H~£ I~~ P-
'#11"(\\ t"£ I4l ThKr 

~~ 
~!.' 

'~~~ 
'--______ --' 1,;.-;;:;;..;..'-.:"-----_ ... 

GfiKR.nIAN 
"... GRUEN, EdItor In ChI« 

~ MACL£AN, *,.,,, EdItor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD, 4aocIMe Sports Editor 
JAMES COLUER, DrMIgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, 4aocIMe OpInion Edllor 
BILL DOWLER, CGpy EdIrrK 
MEl..H)A HAMILTON, Asaociafe News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ~ News EdItor 
LARA HEISLER, AaodIItIf Atts EdItor 
HEATHER HOI.. TZCLAW, ~ Spotts EdItor 
CHRISTINA HUIZAR. A.1OCWf Atts EdItor 
PETER KO, Spotts EdItor 
JENNFER KOLSKY, PtJoto Edllor 
KENT KORZON, ~ Copy EdIfDr 
LENG LOH. ~t Edllor 
MEL MARCELO, ~ t:1trIpIta ~ 
SANGEETA MEHTA, ~ F..an. Edlfor 
BRIAN MORRIS, Aaoc*fIt Pttofo EdIIor 
JUUE PUZON, ~ EdIIor 
JEFF QUAN, t:bpIIa Edllor 
JASON SNELL, ,..,. EdIIor 
MIAS UZOlAlS, PIW1ID EdItor 
JEFFREY YAMAouat, AuocI* F..an. EdIt·" 
JENNFER YAHCEY, ~ EdItor 

BOB DeANDREA, B." .... ~ 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdVerfIUJQ ~ 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AtIvwt"lttg o..lgn« 
E. LEIGH HENRY, C ... ,,1Ml ".,..."tMIw 
--.tIIp 1I""Y~.T"'_.Dq_ 
--._ r.--... onrc.;. PooIoV-'" 

~ tlonot c.;.Jot ........ l.i1 

---

n.LCSDQ: ••• J "I ....... n~ .. ...,. __ n-... ... 
.. UC&D ......... "._loonrtonn._Io_ .. Inr-\ .... p.o.ianll...-

~c 1.1.01._ 1IIo1ICSD_1I.,--Ior .. _ .. _ 
_ ..... "" ... ...-10 ....... ""..-_ .. _ .... ......, 
_ ........... ""UC&D-. .. \-.rir .. ~ .... __ "" 
--... -..Hor .••• .,. .. ...., . 
.... 53W5IO, ..... otIr&~. '- -.76.t 
UCSD Guan:Iian, 9500 Giman Drive 0316, 

La JoIo, CA 92093-0316 

Monday, January 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

UCSA Postpones Decision on CPEe Appointments 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Associate N.ws Editor 

The University of California 
Student Association (UCSA), which 
met yesterday at UCSD, postponed 
a scheduled vote on its nominees for 
the California Postsecondary Edu-
cation Conunission (CPEC). 

The CPEC is the main advisory 
body to the state legislature and the 
govemOronhighereducation issues, 
and consists of representatives from 
all segments of California higher 
education. the State Board of Edu-
cation, and the general public. 

Instead of choosing two under-
graduate or graduate students and 
one alternate from a pool of five 
candidates. UCSA members de-
cided to table the vote foronemonth, 
allowing theorganization more time 
to review the choices and contact 
references. 

At the beginning of the meeting. 
UCSA President Susan Polan noted 
that the references of only three of 
the five candidates had been con-
tacted She requested that the infor-
mation obtained from the references 

The 
GUARDIAN 
Intemship 
Program. 
It's back. 

Better than . 
ever before. 

Featuring: 

• A Local ProfeIsIoi18l 
JoumaIIstI 

• Excltlllg People 

• Plus, you might even 
gat to ....... editor. 

(And ""tllllOlllllOUllh til go.) 
STAR'TItG IEXTWEDHESDAY 

AT7P .... 
WAn:H FOIIIlETA&& 

be ignored out of fairness to the 
other two candidates. 

"By tabling the motion, we're 
giving the board more time to con-
sider the candidates," Polan said. 
"nus way, I'll be able to check 
everyone's references, instead of 
just a few of them." 

The motion to table actually ap-
plied to a motion to strike UCSD's 
John Edson and UCLA graduate 
student Marc Chun from the list of 
prospective candidates because they 
received the fewest votes during a 
straw-poll vote. 

The motion was later amended 
to strike only Chum. 

UC Irvine undergraduate 
Rigoberto Rodriguez received the 
most VOles, nine, followed by JaneU 
Jones, an undergraduate from UC 
Davis, with eight votes, then Carol 
Fujimura, a graduate student from 
UC Irvine, with six. Edson received 
four votes, while Chun only received 
three. 

Jeremy Pasternak, UCSD's As-
sociated Students representative to 
the UCSA, came to Edson's de-

fense, insisting that it would be un-
fair to eliminate Edson without 
further reviewing his resume. 

Further diS(.ussion revealed that 
the UCSA was actually ahead of 
most other student associations 
nominating applicants for the CPEC 
commission, and that Govemor Pete 
Wilson most likely would not be 
prepared or interested in choosing 
the two commissioners for another 
month or more. 

The other groups that will 
nominate students for the two p0-
sitions are the California State 
Universities, community colleges, 
private universities, and technical 
and trade schools. 

"We found that Wilson would 
probably not have made the ap-
pointments for another month re-
gardless of the decision we made ... 
the vote [to table] can be seen as a 
reflection of the feeling that the board 
could use more time," Pasternak 
said later. 

Due to the possibility of a time 
extension, the motion was called to 
a vote and passed 13 to 4. 

PolWl promised that, with the 
extra time, she would contact all of 
the references and ask them similar 
questions about each candidate and 
write a summary of each for the 
UCSA board. 

According to Pasternak, the pool 
of five applicants had been nar-
rowed down from 10 at Wl Execu-
tive Committee meeting. Pasternak 
aid that the Executive Committee, 

comprised of the UCSA president, 
UCSA vice president, and the chairs 
of three policy committees reviewed 
the applications they received for 
the po ition and narrowed it down 
to five during a weekend meeting. 

The applicantS were evaluated 
on a set of criteria designed by the 
board which highlighted back-
ground and experience in educa-
tional policy and intersegmental 
work:. 

The candidates were asked to 
complete an application, respond to 
three essay questions, and provide 
three references. 

Once cho en, the two nominees 
and the alternate will then be eli-

Rlmas Uzglrh!/Guardian 
UCSA President Susan Polan 
gible for selection by the governor. 
The govemor will make the ap-
pointments, draw ing from the 
nominations by the UCSA and 
comparable student association 
from other postsecondary chool 
organizations. 

The student commissioners will 
serve staggered two-year terms. 
commencing this year. However, 
one of the two commissioners cho-
en this year will only serve one 

term, to begin the staggering terms. 

XEROX COPIES 

Comm~lJ1oratin9 50 years of 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 

• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

TUt: BATMAN .• 
The Comic Gallery 

HOURS: \l r <.., ~(",I'II"') 'I . S,1t j,;Pll1 4224 8oIboo Ave. Son Diego. CA 92'1 7 
comer cA EIoltxlO a Oo~emont Dr. 

• NeJCt to food Basket -

675-8 N. Broodwoy 
Escondido. CA 92025 

Counlry Comer Shoppir1Q Center 
at 8roodwOy & WaShington 3211 Holiday Court. La Jolla 452.9949 

Next to Domino's Pizza (619)~853 (619) 745-5660 
FAX IIIIVICI AVA.ILMU, FAX tl(Ilt)4lO 1M. expire. 2/1/90 
Ixt •• dlllllollr.: .. T·W·1II M .... 

COFFEE H Ol/~ 
«' 

~~ORD ~~~ 
e, 
• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry , Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain food, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court· Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. Edilor in Chief 
ROBI MAC LEAN. Managing Edilor 
JASON SNElL. News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Ed,lor 

TItt UCSf) CilllUcbo.tt IS publbhed 1"-0 IlrneJ • v..eclc at the U,uvenltyofCa1l(ornii. Sano.tlo Contents 
o 14J9 1 Vacw,opl'UVd hUfilli rtprur:nc lhc: mlJOrll), VOle o( lhcCldJlOnal tJo.d. .... ~ IlOI nccuJ.II1Jy 
.- 01 !he UC _ of Re,,"IS. !he ASUCSO. nor !he .nun: C_"- ,OaIT 

TWO TIMES A WEEK 

Guardian Schedule Changed 
Due 10 e calating co ts and a receding market, The UCSD 

Guardian will cease its thrice-weekly publication. The paper 
will return to twice-weekly publication - Monday and Thurs-
day - and is scheduled 10 remain in thaI fonnal for the 
remainder of the school year. 

The campus - which has over 14,000 ludent now - will 
be 24,000 student lrong by the year 2005 . 

A campu with a student population of that magnitude 
deserve ' a daily newspaper, and with a more receptive ur-
rounding community and a little financial luck. il could become 
a realilY. 

Our transition to Ihree times a week was, needless to say, a 
tepping stone in thai dire tion. The Iransition required a 

number of change in organization, style, and patience, and 
there were some rough times. 

BUI overall , the transition in itself was carried out quite 
moothly, and for all of our panicking, it could have been a lot 

worse. 
We know now. at least from an editorial standpoint. that we 

can handle a move to increased publication wilh a high re olve 
of succes . 

Unfortunately, as a elf-supportive enterprise which func-
tion entirely from adverti ing revenue, our 1990-91 budget 
could nOI handle the increased financial demand to produce a 
qualily publication lhree limes a week. 

When Budweiser - sponsors of the "Bud Page" for as long 
as we can remember- withdrew its upport from the popular 
intranlUral page a couple of weeks ago, our options were 
limited. 

Hislory tells us that Guardian advertising sales traditionally 
drop in the Winter and Spring Quarters, and Wilh no financial 
windfall in ight. the forecast for the next two quarters looked 
bleak at best. We had no choice bUI to cut back. 

An altered chedule, however, doe not mean an enlirely 
altered fOmlal. 

Look for a new "science" page on every fourth Thursday, 
alternating with the photo page. We will maintain every effort 
we can to serve the campu to the best of our abilitie ,and look 
to the future with hope. 

FIRST DAY OF CLASSES 

'Brilliant' Bureaucracy 
Many thanks to lhe administrative and academic planners 

who decided toresumecla ses on Friday, January 4, defying all 
logic and robbing students, faculty, and staff three additional 
days of needed vacation time in the process. 

UCSD was the only UC canlpus to begin it Winter Quarter 
on Friday. UCLA, and mo t other UC campuses on the quarter 
sy tem, all re ume cia es today. 

UCSB started class again last Thursday, a decision which 
makes a bit more sen e. 

By taningonThursday, studentswithTuesdayandThursday 
classes will have auended on e, and can get their add/drops out 
of the way in the first week. 

By tarting on Friday, studenls with Tuesdayffhursday 
classes have to wait four days before going to their first class. 
Students unfortunate enough to have classe everyday will 
have had two of their Monday/Wednesday/Friday cia es 
before they have even set foot into their Tuesday lecture. 

Every student knows that the first day of school is purely 
administrative: classes are just long enough for professors to 
pass out the syllabus and give a brief, u ually unimportant 
introduction, and tudents spend the day adding. dropping. 
buying books, or waiting in line for a parking pemJit. 

Unfortunately, it is important to be here on the first day of 
school, especially if you need to crash a course. 

Students who chose to rebel against the Friday start-date and 
stayed home may have been denied a course they would have 
been enrolled in had school started on a nonnal day. 

Just another example of administrative brilliance. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 7, 1991 

COMMENTARY 

There Goes the Neighborhood 
.As the U.S. declines, one place of salvation remains 
By Ben Boychuk, Opinion EdI/ItX 

In abe last decade, we've heard much about the 
decline of the United States. Critics cite lbc massive 
ups.:rge in crime and drug-use in the inner~ities, a 
decline in literacy accompanied by an increase in 
high school drop-outs, a 50 percent divorce rate, a 
huge number of teen pregnancies and abortions, not 
to mention the growing economic dominance of the 

UCSD GUARDIAN CLOSE·UP 

blah ... 

Japanese 
(which 
scemsto 
bedim:tly 
propor-
tionalto 
ourowo 
economic 
down-
swing). 
Blah blah 

I recently had a conversation with a friend of 
mine about this very issue. 

"Oh yes," he said, "these are terrible times in 
which we live ... Nevertheless, the so-called 
disintegration of America from the inside-out bas 
become a bit of a dead issue. One need only piclc up 
a newspaper to see that we're up a serious creeIc 
without a paddle. Why do they have to keep 
reminding us? 

"I believe we've lost the war on drugs," my 
friend continued. "We've lost the cities. Now all we 
can hope to do is contain the problem and minimize 
the casualtieS - and God help abe innocent people 
who are caught inside." 

"1 believe all we have left is the suburbs," my 
friend stated boldly. "Lose the suburbs, and you 
lose the country." 

'1be suburbs are the last bastion of America." 
Yes, these are terrible times in which we live. 

The prospect of war in the Middle-East is a 
tightening thought, especiaDy with a mcessioo 00 
our bands. And, yes, crime is out of control, and 
American education is pathetic. But we arc losing 
suburbs as well. It's just a matter of time. 

The suburbs are a reflection of many of the woes 
of our time. I observed this fact while I was home 
over Winter Break. I live in a moderately populared 
cotrununity in the foothills about 20 milcs nordl of 
Los Angeles. nestled comfonabIy between tbe San 
Gabriel Valley to the east and abc San Fernando 
Valley to the west. On a clear day. we can sec 
Catalina Island from our backyard. but 00 mosl 
days all we get is a hazy view of downtown Los 

Angeles' growing skyline. 
My block often resembles the stereotypical 

suburban neighborhood. Ed, the next door . 
neighbor (isn't the next door neighbor always 
named Ed?), can often be seen mowing his front 
lawn, sweating in the·afternoon sun. Ray, the golf 
instructer from across the street, can usually be 
found playing baseball with his two young 
grandsons in the street. Jim, the high school senior 
next door, is usually under the hood of his 
Camaro. Typical neighborhood, more-or-Iess. 

My horne is one of a series of track houses built 
in the rnid-l960s built by a man named Wiley. 
Wiley went out of business in the late '70s, during 
the ma1aise-days of the Carter administration. 
When my parents bought the house in 1966, they 
paid a steep $48,000. Now they tell us that our 
bouse could go for in excess of $450,000. Who 
would of thought? Now my dad wishes he would 
have bought two houses back in '66. Nor that he 
would have been able to sell it. On my street alone, 
three houses are for sale, and have been on the 
market for over six months. On the street above 
ours, there were four houses for sale, but two of 
the owners apparently grew frustrated with the 
present condition of the real estate mark.et and 
decided that now is not a very good time to sen. 

The reports of Japanese corporations buying 
mass quantities of American real estate is no 
exaggeration. Two years ago, a Japanese fum 
bought a house at the end of my street, and are 
preseotly renting it to a family of four. 

~ problems with America are not just our 
economic improprieties coming back to haunt us. 
The real problems are deeply entrenched moral 
and political lapses within our society within the 
last 20 years. Again. all you need to do is look at 
thesubwbs. 

The 1970s and 80s bred a self-interested, 
egocentric, and incoosiderale society. For the last, 
nine years. my I110Iber has been on an almost holy 
crusade to eliminate barking dogs. Certain peaple 
arc sensitive to certain things. It just so happens 
that balking dogs drive my mother nuts. It just so 
happens that the neighbor dim:tly behind us bad a 
shelly IbIr baited almost constantly. 

When my mother confronted the neighbor, and 
asIced her nicely 10 please keep the dog quiet, she 
wu met willl verbal abuse. After several years of 
legal maneuvering. thousands of calls to the 
Sheriff's Department and the Animal Control 
Center and several brushes with a complete mental 

See SUBURBS. Page 6 

Monday, January 7,1991 

LETTERS 

Solving Some 
Unsolvable 
Problems 

Editor: 
As an irIcom¥Ja freshman here at 

UCSD.I am just DOW Iwxvning fully 
acclimated to abc rigorous and fast 
paced university life. Now tbat I've 
caught up with aD that's bappening, I've 
bad time to ruminate some of the 
pressing issues facing the campus today. 
Curiously, bowever.1bese issues have 
received little or no coverage in your 
newspaper, so 1 feel it is my civic duty 
to bring to your attentioo lhese pr0b-
lems that confront our school. 

Problem number one bas to do with 
the dirt pile at the CemraI Library. 

There is obviously going to be a 101 
of extra dirt after the addition has been 
buried. How is the extra soil going to be 
disposed of? 

You can 't just throw it away, 
because just like those foam 
McDonald's containers, dirt takes 
hundreds of years to bmlk down. 

Have you ever heard of biodegrad-
able dirt? 

I thought not. 'lbcrefore. this dirt 
must be recycled. FortunaIeIy, after 
much deep thought I have been able 10 
come up with several viable, as wen as 
profuabJc. answers 10 this problem. , 

1) The lint sure fire money-matirlg' 
solution to the IOil diJcmma is to pwnp 
in sevml million pllopa of bot 
CaHstoga and tum it in fO a bot-spring 
mud-baIh. 

1'bink of tbe advedisiDg possiblities. 
"Y c:s. DOW you too can give your skin 
thal vibrant, youtbful appe8Iance by 
balhing in our map: La Jolla mud, 
guaranteed to get rid of wrinkles or your 
money back. Mud available in lemon. 
lime, bIaclc clllJWlt or spIKklina IIIbJJ'Bl 
flavor." 

2) Buy SOJt1e straw and then make 
abc new Warren dorms out of adobe. 
Sure the hay would CQ\It a Ioc. but 
overall, think of the savings. 

3) Fmally, the idea that would bting 
in the most money for our financially 
strapped school. Simply set up some 
blCllCbas atOUDd u. wet it down and 
voilaJ Academia's fil'll mud wteItIing 
stadiwn. 

Not only wooJd me IDOOC)' pour in 
from the profesaionaIloUnIIIneat.s ev«y 
weebnd, the t.cility would provide a 
8JeIl new inIrama'aI aport. 

The second problem facina UCSD is 
oneotan __ naIU& 

. Now e.ea')OlItS knows .. tbae is a 
IiDsiDIIl'ee .... alllldn& Il'ee blaJpr to 
ua by Mr. Terry ADen. fa addition Mr. 
An. built a -"1Rle. . 

Wbar"s tbc dMl wIIb tbis CD? ARn"t 
aD .... pnay quiet11s Ibis OIIOmcn sn._odIer....., 

w.. people'" byclOlblyllY 
........ Idoa ........... , WIIIIl 
........ .., . .,.. 

WbJ .............. willa it, 
Ib ..... ·._.~ ... ar. 
1M.,.".....", 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Discrimination Works Both Ways 
• Race-based scholarships should not be supported by the government 

"No State shall ... Deny to any 
person ... The equal protection of the 
laws." 

-foInInIh AmelIdalllIlIO till u.s. 
ConstItutIon 

"No person in the United States 
shall, on the ground of 1809. color. or 
national origin, be excludfJd from 
partiClaption in, be denied the 
beneftts of, or be subjecl to disctimJ-
nation under any program or actJvIty 
receiving Federal financial assis-
tance." 

-TIlle VI, CIvIl RIghts Act of 1964 
Two children grow up in abc gbctto. 

Both do well in school. in fact. one does 
s1ighdy better than lbc other, but 
'because of abc color of this child's sicin, 
a world of opporIUDitiea, (both filWlCial 
aad educatioaal aid) are abut off from 
him. 1be ot:berCblld, by virtue of his 
I'ICO, is graatecl8CCOIS to money whicb 
bas been put aide for c:bildmJ of chis 
race. Does lbil riDa of apartheid or even 
the pre--civil riams era? Wrong on both 
8CCOUDtB. It occun every day in America 
and is called race-bascd sc:bolarships. 

Last month there was a brief flash of 
hope. The Department of Education 
banned reciaUy exclusive scbolarsbips. 
Ac:cordiag to abc Civil Rights Act of 
1964, scbolarsbips based on race 'l/'e 
illegal. The main purpose of the ~t was 
to achieve a "color-blind society." No 
such luck on this issue, with public 
opinion sharply divided and the White 
House in fear ofbeiog labeled racist (the 
buzzword of abe Neo-McCarthyism) 
Bush reversed himself. 

What I find most con.fu$ing in this 
quagmire is that Bush recently vetoed 
the 1990 Civil Rights Bill because it 
would pave the way for quotas. It is 
apparent that there is a sharp schism not 

RECOIL/ ' - --~." L • "11' ., "',.' 

only in tbc Republican Pany, but also 
wiIbio American public opinion. In the 
end, Bush decided to take a one-for-you 
and one-for-me strategy on this issue. 
He vetoed one piece of legislation to 
appease the majority and withheld 
action on another to appease unsatisfied 
minorities. 

The Bush administrotion's policy 
went somewhat like this: Universities 
can award minority based scholarships 
provided the funds are from private 
donations and not public money or 
incorporated into any part of the 
universities' operating costs. To me, this 
still seems very odd. If one talces this 
thinking to its logical end, we can also 
have scholarships pur aside for white 
students. As Shelby Steele, a black 
professor at Sao Jose State University 
noted, "If preferential treatment is 
correct, why not a David Duke Scholar-
ship for poor Appalachian whites." 

The idea is simple: the people who 
come from the least "successful" races 
are the most deserving of financial 
scholarships. The bottom line is this 
reek.s of injustice. I'm a white male who 
is also Jewish. According to this 
cOnvoluted line of thinking, I am three 
times undeserving of a scholarship. 

Being a male takes me down one 
DorCb. .• white another ... and Jewish to 

COMMENTARY 

the bo"om of the heap. Here [ lie with ' 
the other successful races (i.e. Asians). 
This is all due to the fact that my 
ethnic background has an overwhelm-
ingly high amount of degrees and 
Nobel prizes. Due solely to my race, 1 
am less deserving of help than my 
black neighbor. Yet we should 
remember that it is my race, and not 
me, that is successful. 

To call this reverse discrimination 
would be wrong. This is discrimina-
tion. We needn '( look back any further 
than 50 years ago to see universities 
having quotas which capped the 
amount of Jews they would accept. 
Now we see it again, this time with 
Asians and even within the UC system 
(Berkeley and UCLA being the biggest 
culpriIS). 10 all due truth, lhis fits 
logically into the race-based scheme of 
thinking. 

Without getting into the topic of 
affimlati ve action, a subject which is 
be t dealt with elsewhere and one 
which is even more grossly unfair, we 
are going about the problem in the 
wrong way. The quota and race 
exclusive route are unjust and will only 
serve to stoke the fires of racial hatred 
and win elections for Jesse Helms.The 
govenunem must base scholarships on 
the problem, not the race. The potential 
recipient's disadvantage is not that 
they are black or hispanic but thaI they 
are poor. We need to base our financial 
aid on a person's need and merit, not 
the color of their skin. If we take this 
tack, blacks and other minorities will 
doubtless benefit disproportionately. 
This way, we would be judging them 
as individuals instead of as members of 
a race. Now do you see what is meant 
by a color blind society? 

Treating the symptoms, Not the Disease 
• Scholarships aimed at certain ethnic groups are only empty gestures 
ay ........ CoII .... 
Senior StIIIf WI1t8r 

The recent political battle over the 
Depal1ment of Education's declaration 
that temporarily made racc-exclusive 
scbolarships illegal may have passed. 
but the war is far from over. 

Public colJeges and universities now 
have four years to solve a compl~ 
riddle: how to anract underrepresented 
minority students without earmarking 
funds for those particular individuals. 

Post-secondary educators have failed 
in their efforts to attract minority 
students, but not for tbe lack of trying. 
Despite the millions of dollaB placed in 
race-exclusive scholarship fimds, the 
numbers ofundempresented students 
isn', increasing satisfactonly. 

What is needed is a new solution 10 
this social riddle. Race-exciUlive 
acboIarsbips wiD never drImaticaIIy 
iJK:reaae abc number of minority 
IIUdentJ. ThcIe scholarships make up a 
lIMIt amount of die toW schoWllUps 
siven our by univenities IlItionwidc. At 
UCSD, less than five pen:eot of the total 
grant given out are race exclusive. Of 
c:oune, for the few borderline IftIdeDts 
who may not go to collqe wiIbout tbeIe 
funds. JaC.'lHXclusive scboIanbips make 
• elifL.....,. 

But. • Ions ..... eoIudoD to 
....... enC'Wclft of eeftIiIi edIIiIIc" 
JI'OUPI in coDeae pnpdm-, mdaIIy 

exclusive scholarships will always fall 
short. TIle simple fact is, there aren't 
enough qualified minority students who 
might benefit from ~ funds. 

And of COIl*, abc real problem lies 
in an e1emeotaty IGd secoodaJy ecJuca. 
tional sySlCm that doeso', adequately 
prepare diSlldvantapd minority students. 
The problem also lies in the lack of 
family support for disadvantaged 
studenU. 

So. educators who think that the 
elimination of raciaUy exclusive 
scholarships would "hamper tbc 
progress" are foolin, tbemselves. 

These IICbolarships in the cumnt 
educaliooal climate are DOt matiDg 
pI08R!8I. 

The ftInds trear only a symprom. 
mIber thIII tbc Iootioa at tbc rruo IOUIte 
of die pIQbIem. RaciIlly _dusiYe 
.......... DM'II!hodctwncLeJ6s 
far. wouad tbal Deeds IIlOle serious 

treatment. 
[f there were large numbers of 

people from particular racial groups 
who were qualified for college but 
lack the resources to pay for an 
education. it might make sense 10 set 
aside funds to help pay for college 
costs. In tbe long run, the invesbneDt 
is cheaper than cost of crime, social 
assistance, and social decay that an 
uneducated person would bring to 
society. 

But when dramatic amounts of 
disadvantaged groups aren't being 
prepared in their earlier life for a 
collegiate education, racially exclu-
sive scholatships are nothing mote 
than a token gesture. 

When this climate exists. as it 
does now, race-exclusive scholar-
ships are empty gestures of a society 
pretending to help the disadvantaged. 

Alexander lbc Great once faced 
the challenge of trying to solve what 
was the greatest puzzle of his time: a 
knot that could not be untied. He 
solved the puzzle with a solution so 
obvious it was absurd - he cut the 
knot in two. 

What is needed 10 solve today's 
riddle is 8ft obvious solution. Rather' 
tbaa providins scboIIrsbips t9r the 
lucky few, 811 improvement of 
edOCIIiM for lite wboIe is the goal 
that Deeds to be sought. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Minorities Face Pressure at UCSD 
Editor: 

Some time ago, I read an anicle 
in a magazine called In View. The 
arnele was entitled "Divided We 
Stand," and addressed the issue of 
racism on college campuses. 

While I do not have the space to 
share the entire article, I would like 
to share a few items. 

Several women of color inter-
viewed for the arncle said that they 
felt as though they had to prove 
themselves all the time. 

This isa very familiar feeling for 
me. I am constantly trying to prove 
to others that I earned my way t(' 
college. 

Unfonunately, all my effort..; are 
metwithcommenLSsuch as"you're 
smart for a black girl," and "0 bad 
more black people aren ' tlike you. ., 

The last point I would like to 
share is that some "white students 
take for granted having people they 
relate to all around them." The sad 
reality is. that as an African-Ameri-
can, I do not 

1berefore. [ use suppan groups. 
such as the African·-Arnerican Sru-
dent Union; I)r try to say hello to 
other students of color [ happen to 
see on campus. 

And I find it very annoying when 
white students accuse us of isolat-
ingourselves by sticking together. I 
ha\ A to feel like I'm not doing this 
all by l=,yself sometimes! 

Preneka Hugbley 

Berman Is Correct 
Editor: 

We were very impressed and are 

in total agreement with the opinions 
expressed by Zachary Berman's ar-
ticle "Founding Fathers Know Best" 
of Nov. 28. 

Many people fail to realize that 
criminals already obtain weapons 
illegally, consequently more legis-
lation would only serve to strip rights 
from those that follow the laws. 

We are sure that a view such as 
Bennan's will no doubt gamer a 
great deal of rabid, verbose. nega-
tive responses complete with dubi-
ous statistics. 

We want it known that a segment 
of the srudent population sti11 exists 
that agrees with Berman and the 
Constirution. 

Michael Barnum 
Brendan Mulvaney 
Jason Dauderman 

SUBURBS 
Continued from .,. 4 
breakdown, my mother won and 
the neighbor kept the dog quiet 
But wouldn't it have been just as 
simple for the dog's owner to have 
kept the dog quiet out of consider-
ation for her neighbor? Apparently 
not. Otherwise. why would she 
have sat through two years of hear-
ings in the city anomey's office? 

1be same thing is happening 
again. The house next to us was 
recently sold to people who own 
four dogs. One dog behind us and 
down a hill was bad enough, but 
four dogs behind a wall is truly 
maddening. 

Historyrepeats itself. Ooceagain, 
my mother was very cordial when 
confronting the neighbors and once 
again her pleadings were ignored. 
Now, as she did nine years ago, my 
mother is going though the motions 
of gathering signatures on a petition 

Monday, January 7,1991 

rtqucsting the city to take action. 
Hundreds of hours of time and 
thousands of dollars wasted' all be-
cause of a neighbor's lack of con. 
sideration. 

Typical. 
But worst of all is the slow en-

croactunent of gang activity into the 
area. The local newspaper recently 
ran a story which said the "outside 
world" was slowly intruding into 
the foothills. 

Ten years ago, the larger suburb 
of Glendale, only five miles south 
of where I live. was a very tranquil 
place. 

Now two rival gangs compete 
for tenitory. and their skirmishes 
are spilling over into the foothills. 
Four or five more years, and who 
knows? 

"Lose the suburbs and you lose 
the country." lbat was what the 
man said. 

I think it's time to look into ranch 
propeny in Montana. 

I UTe Holiday &le I HOLIDAY SALB! Buy,buy,buy you mindless sheep. 
or your children 

wiU hate you. 

I want wortcI peac., mere peopIe!C, no ... , an A PARKING SPACE AT 
end Iv exploitation of IWW. n UC5011 
- ,..., Sa.wam I How about a WHO THE HEll DO YOU 

BlACK & WItTE CARfOONS 
Of COlO!! 

MERRY 
CHRISTMAS 

Young _Manl What 
DoTou Want 
From Santa? 

No Blood For Oil! 
Bring U.S. Troops Home Now! 

11·1 pm Revelle Plaza 
Wednesday, 9 January 

Afternoon Teach-In Following Rally 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Learn About the Gulf Crisis and: 

Racism 
TheMcdia 

The Environment 
The U.S. Economy 

Politics in the Middle East 
U.S. DOmestic Social Programs 

Huuein out of Kuwait, ...... parking 1pCIC. THINK I AM. •• GODI? Jac~ In the Whit. HauN, the at UCSD? 
'--Ie .. '-Met and the Ita""" 1M. No problem. 

DEPARTMENT 

TueS/Thrs 1 :00·2:20 + lab. 

OF MUS Ie 

MUSIC 13 
World Music 
Dr. Marnie Dilling 

Warren lect Hall 2001 

• 

Monday, January 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

Chi Omega Comes to Campus 
As Part of Sorority Expansion REGENT: Duran among three selected as finalists for board By Megan O·K .... 
StafrWrittlr 

The rush is on. 
Last year, UCSD's Panhellenic Council 

voted to expand the greek system by adding 
three more sororities to the campus over the 
next four years. 1be sorority expansion be-
gins this quarter with the colonization of au 
Omega. 

The Panhellenic Council, made up of the 
presidents and delegates of the six existing 
sororities at UCSD.chose to invite au Omega 
to the UCSDcampus after a lengthy decision 
process last spring which involved all nationa\ 
sorority chapters. 

"We chose au Omega because it fits in 
really well with ourpanheIJenic system," said 
Panhellenic Council President Elizabeth 
Lawson. "We also liked the support that they 
have national1y and locally." 

According to Lawson, there is a growing 
interest in sororities at UCSD, and the num-
ber of women who rush sororities increases 
every year. 

"The decision to expand (the greek sys-
tem] was made in order to meet the needs of 
the growing popularity of sororities. The de-
cision was unanimous by all six sororities." 

Lawson said 
Lawson explained that each sorority at 

UCSD currently consists of 112 members. 
She also said that by spacing out the colo-

nization of three new sororities over the next 
four years. each new chapter should be able to 
build a strong base. 

"If au Omega is struggling, we will hold 
backoncolonizing theothersororities because 
we want every chapterto be a strong chapter," 
Lawson said. 

au Omega Extension Coordinator Lorrie 
Hill said that Chi Omega is the nation 's largest 
women's sorority and is celebrating its 96th 
anniversary this year. She added that Chi 
Omega consists of 175 collegiate chapters. 
400 alumnae chapters and 190,000 initiated 
members worldwide. 

"Chi Omega's traditional strength is an 
outstanding membership program that focuses 
on development ofleadership, academic, and 
personal skills as well as participation in 
campus and community activi ties," Hill said. 

Preregistration for au Omega took place 
from Nov. 28 to Dec. 7 last quarter. Registration 
has begun, and will continue through Thurs-
day. Formal rush also begins on Thursday, 
with an open house at the Price Center. 

ConIInued from .... ' 
Durwt held the positions of fmIbman 

and AS. scpbomo.re senaror for Third 
College. as well as attending two UCSA 
summit meetings in Sacramento. 

At the swnmits. .Duran said he met 
studenIs from aUoverthe stateanddiscov-
CJed that other colleges face many of the 
same problems. Duran also lobbied for 
various poticies, which allowed him to 
meet with government officials. 

"Tbey are people just like you," Duran 
commeoted. "You could put them on the 
spot. 

'11 was a good experience." he added. 
"I felt like 1 was taking an active role in my 
future." 

Duran also helped draft UCSD's five-
year plan on affinnative action. an expe-
rience that gave him the chance to work 
with Vice <llancellor of Undergraduate 
Affairs Joseph Watson. 

Ifselected as srudent regent, Duran said 
he would like to represent student needs 
and have a positive impact on effons to 
keep fees low. 

As an uncIergraduate at UC Bedceley, 
0Upps has worked on various lobbying 
and infonnational campaigns thardeal with 
public issues. 

She served as a Baker's Fellow to the 
UC Office of Federal Government Rela-
tions in Washington. D.C. as an observer 
and participant in university colloquia and 
Congrcssional.hearings. While in Wash-
ington. ClIippa also drafted a policy rec-
ornmendatioo that waseventuaUy submit-
ted to the president of the UC, 

Damell received berundergraduatede-
gree from Colorado State University and 
now studies anatomy atUC San Francisco. 
Her experience includes serving on com-
miltee$ conceming student housing. cam-
pus planning, advisory planning. in addi-
tion to several depanmental committees. 

She was also president of the UCSF 
Graduate Student Association and student 
representative to the Registration Fee Ad-
ministration, a systemwide comminee on 
student fees, and the graduate council and 
comminee oncorruruttees in the Academic 
Senate. 

Robert's Auto 30¢ PIZZA 
7 
~ . . 

'" .. 

(619)275·1132 
Mon.-Pri. 7 am-6:30 pm 
Satardaya 8 ... -6 pm 

• 
"'--4630 Mission Bay Drive (1·5 to Balboa exit) San Diego 

--------------------

10% OFF 
on all repairs· with this coupon 

·1l1tt:q1 m<JIGr and Ir'aIuIIIiaion owm-J. Not ooUd UIilIa any otJwr t:DUpOIL 

Many s~ts available for 
Winter quarter. 

Enroll now. 
MAAC 410 

Questions? Call 534-3068 

FOR THE NEXT CALLER! 
In celebration of turning the big 3-0, Domino's Pizza'" will deliver a 
medium pizza with your favorite topping for just 30! when you order 
a large Domino's Pizza at the regular price. So hurry and get 10 a phone. 

II, 
ITS TIME FOR DOMINO'S PIZZA~ 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

HOURS: 
11 am-lam Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 

, 3211 HoUday Ct. 
--------

MEDIUM 
MEAL DEAL 

$8.75~us : 
One Medium Domino'. ORIGINAL 
pizza with cheeee plWllWO toppings I 
of your cool"" AND 2 Cokeo* (Diet or I 
C1Usic:) for ONLY $8.75, plut tax. 
Coupon required. Please mention I 
coupon whm ordering. Offer good on 
DelIvery or Carryout. I 

_J~k.-- : ..... 0..-.. __ ... --.. ..... _ 
_ ......... 0. .... .., __ .. I 
........ _ .. ..... 

(;,1 E>opINoJ/31/91. I 

-------

30¢PIZZA 
Order any large Domino's Pizza .t the 
I'eI(IlIar pri"" ind get a medJum 
ORIGINAL cheese pizza with I 
lOpping of your choice for ONLY JOel 
Extra toppings on medium pizza 
ONLY Sl.OO.Notvalid willi anyolher 
diacount or coupon. Offer good on 
Delivery or CarryoUI. JUST ASKI 

•. ~ 

-------

LARGE 
MEAL DEAL 
$12.00 r~us 

One large Domino's ORIGINAL I'izza 
with cheese plus lWO toppings of 
your choice AND 2 Cokes® (Diet 0 \' 
Classic) for ONLY $12.00. plus tax. 
Coupon required. Please mention 
coupon when ordering. Offer good on 

-.yw.~ 
-. ................... ., ..... """ .............. -., .. _-... -... ,... 
".,...,c:... ....................... _ _..,.c-. ........... ~_r.rr., _ 
................. 0. ..... .."....... _._ ....... OlII'~CMy_ .... a......................... 0. ....... ...-. ....... 

ExpiIoI2/3/91. (;,2 £xpIm 



TGIF: Limbomaniacs 
January 11, 4:30 pm 

At the Hump 

AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday at 6:30 pm 
Price Center· First Aoor ·The Cove 

All students ar, invil~d to GIIend 

TGIF 
Limbomaniacs 
Ianuary II. 4:30 pm 
Allhe Hump 

PUB CONCERT 
Totally Funked Up! 
with Mr, Bunele, Daddy Lonelegs, Fudee House, Trunk Baby 
Ianuary 11,9:00 pm 
Triton Pub 
Students· $5/General Admission - $7 

PUB SHOWCASE 
Dark Globe, Miniature, Freak Seen, Elgin Marbles 
January 12.8:00 pm 
Trilon Pub 
Students· $I/General Admission - $2 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
FILM SERIES - "Betrayed" 
January 11,7:00 pm 
Third College, SLH, Room 107 

GHOST 

BALLROOM DANCE CLUB 
2nd Annual Winter Waltz Dance 
Wednesday, January 16,7:00 - 9:00 pm 
Price CentCl' Ballroom. No panner or experienc~ needed. 
FREE admission and danc~ I~ssons. 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
UCSD Alliance For Peace - January 7 - 9, 1991 
Monday, Jan 7 & Tuesday, Ian 8: Information booths at Groundwork Books. 

Main Gym, Price Center. 
Tuesday, Jan 8: Film: "Berkeley in the Sixties" 8:00 pm, Solis Hall 107. FREE! 
Wednesday, Jan 9: Rally & Lecture 

12:00 - 1:00 pm - Rally in Revelle Plaza 
1:00 - 4:00 pm - Teach InILecture and Question & Answer period in Mandeville 
Auditorium. Main speaker - Herb Shiller. 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANlZA TION 
Welcome Back! First meeting of Winter Quarter. 
Thursday, January 17,5:00 pm. Santa Barbara Room. 
Call Tanya Deukmedjian at 558-0114 for more information. 

1991 A.S. MARKETING an extension of the Public Relatlons OffIce. 
Contact : George Maurer. A.S. Commissioner of Public Relations I Marketing. 

For more information call 534-4450. 

• SPECIAL MEETING THIS TUESDAY AT 6plT!' 
• Third Floor, AS Offices, AS Poster! Paint Room· 

EVERYONE IS WELCOMEI 
WHATIS IT? 
A.S. Marlc8ting will be providing for the advertising of A,S. and Student Organization 
events; whether it's posters, flyers, banners, the AS Newsflashes, AS Phone Hotline, 
kiosks allover call1>Us, or the upcoming video advertisements. The Marketing staff will 
play an integral part in providing the link between UCSD students and A.S.lStudent 
Organization events. 

JOINING 
We are still looking for enthusiastic, hard wor1Ong, creative and talented indviduals. 
Artistic ability is NOT a requirement. We will tnain anyone in whatever area you decide. 
• Stop by the meeting on Tuesday at 6pm. Location: AS Offices. 
'Call the AS Offices at 534-4450. 

MEETING DATES 
Meetings are held every Tuesday night at 6 :00 p.m. in the Public RelationslProgramming 
Office. These 'short and sweet" meetings provide a great opportunity to get together, 
and share ideas. 

POSITIONS 
-Production s.mc. 

• Computer Graphic Artists - Design and create posters 
• Banner Artists - Create baMers to be posted . 
• Calendar ArtIsts - Create the monthly /IS Calendar 

-Promotion ServIcee 
• Dial AS Hotline Director -Manage the HotlIne 
• AS Newsftashes AssIstant - Manage the weekly NewsfJashes 
• AS Quarterly newspaper Director - Manages the production of the paper 

-PostIng ServIces 
• Display Artists ·Create the displays all over the UCSD 
• Glass Case Artists· Arrange the publicity In the glass cases 

BENIFITS 
Although AS Marketing staff is not paid directly, it is paid indirectly with the experience, 
contacts, and skills that are gained through the projeds. FurthermOre, the experience our 
staff will gain will set them "8 step ahead of the rest" when entering the Business World. 
The projects created become part 01 a portfolio which represent each persons skills and 
personal style. Perhaps most importantly, long IatIng frtends and contacts are made with 
people who are interested in the same career field, 

AS FILM SERIES 
January 17.18.& 19 -6:30.9:00, 11 :30 pm 
Price CeRler Theatre. Only S 1.00 

The Associated Students 
Wishes Everyone a Safe and 

Happy New Year! 

AS NEWSFLASRES II prodllCed by tIM AJIodated Studnts ~ UCSD. 
To IlaY' .. 8dvertilftaeat pIIIced III AS NEWSFLASHES, tIaere lIa drop 
box 10 tIIe·1eft ~ die PIIbIic R ..... alike. 3rd floor. Ad"ertlaelaent II 
subject to a~lly ~ Ip8CII. o.cw.e is 'ftrJ Wednaday at noon tor 
lIae 'oIIowiIIa M .... y paper. AS PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 

Meetings every Tuesday, 5:00 pm 
All .welcome 10 attend - get involved in programming even 

All ",,,,nil._11 .abject 10 IIPpronl by PR c-.. lttee, For .. ore 
W---.c-.:tGaqeM.rer,ASc-.iIIioMrolPulllk:R ..... 
.534-4450. 

« 

Monday, January 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

THIRD: College will not be named 'King' 
Continued from page 1 
down a list of suggested names and 
picldngone would not be "healthy," 
and that the campus COIIUnunity 
would have to "re-gear itself' to 
prepare for another name. 

Lytle said that to have gone 
through the "acts" of renaming-
changingofbuilding names, chang-
ing of all the catalog copy, etc. -
even if the King name had been 
approved, was going to be "an enor-
moos amount of stress in itself .... 
Buttosay 'okay, we're not going to 
dothat, we're goingto get something 
else' isjustgoingtobetooSlrCSSful ... 
I think it would go on for another 
two years. and we don't need a four-
year adventure on this." 

Getting the King name approved 
intbefustplace was time<onswning 
in itself. Third College faculty. staff, 
and students ran into many compli-
cations along the way as they sought 
to find ameaningfu1 name to reflect 

both the basis upon which the col-
lege was founded and its educa-
tional philosophy. 

According to Lytle, this philoso-
phy is to provide a study of unique, 
social, and cultural parameters of 
American civilization; in particu-
lar, to provide a voice for those 
segments of society thai are typi-
cally disenfranchised - people of 
color, women, and the handicapped 

It took a good deal of time in the 
Winter and Spring Quarters before 
a decision was reached on the King 
name, and even then, support was 
not overwhelming. 'There was dis-
sent frompeoplewhopreferred some 
of the other name suggestions, such 
as Sojourner Truth College, Rosa 
Parks College, or Freedom College. 

A referendwn on the college's 
name during the April 1990 Associ-
ated Students elections ended with 
King College receiving 39.4 per-
cent of the votes, with Scquoyah 

College finishing a close second 
with 32.4percenl. The name 'Third 
College" was not an option on the 
ballot, according 10 Third College 
junior Mike Barraclough. 

"I would have voted for Third if 
it had been on there," he said. "Be-
sides,anamechangeseemssuperfi-
cial to me. You don't choose a col-
lege becauseofits name, you choose 
it because of its curriculum. 

"I've never seen anything that 
King has done for the San Diego 
population, anyway," Barraclough 
added. 

A report in the Dec. 7 issue of 
The San Diego Union staled that 
some people believe that the city of 
San Diego's failure 10 endorse the 
Martin Luther King Jr. name for 
Markel Street in 1987 and the Port 
Commission's rejection of the name 
forthe San Diego Convention Cen-
ter one year later may have played a 
part in Mrs. King's decision. 

~ ..... -.g,~-",,,,"~ .......... 
--.-.100 rrooazr>e . .Mle 1'190 Yoourt Tolle 1",1 

· . . ...... _ ..... -IIJ· -,.,_ .. 
" .' . 

• Buy Q ~1ngIe or double • : 2 for 12:=:1i".:' . : 
• 
• laJolloC_' 7770R_"Rd,, ' I08(InIheVoru~cenl.rJ 1t .... IO~Su\.n..... : 
• Onocouocn_~. Expire. T/l3/91 II...,.IIomftllSal. 
.•.••.•..........•.......•••....... : 

COMING NEXT MONTH: 
The Guardian '5 Valentine Classifieds. 

If1bis 
~yOU ••• 

...Motivated top perfonncr, able to work in a politically and 
ethnically diverse selling .. . Commilmcnt to public 
service .. . Co"ege graduate by October 1991 ... Willing to devote 
I I months to a program that may change your life ... 

...then call 

-=='We're stili on top of the campus. Monday and Thursday. 1-800-776-1761. 

~n·/C'/"/ ~ CONCERT 
~f5({o ~(~f\ SERIES 

Assembhr 
Fellowship Program 
CAIlFORNIA SfATE 
lEGISIAlURE 

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF SERVICE 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ V!@.~I I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mltsublshl Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $ 35 ~reg . $55) 
1. Spat1< plugs aur lUIIe up includes a 101 mors than others. h Includes: 
2. Dislributor poinls 6. Clean & replenish an lIuid & oil levels 10. Chedl undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. CheCl< brakes 11 . Chedl cooling syslem & hoses 
•. ~sl timing 8. Check Clutcll 12. Road lest 
5. Adjust dwell angle 9. Check lights 

,2!~oint M!i.!>!..-Se~S~§.feCial l'~~~· 
2. Vallie aquSlmer.t T 1. AdjuSl tinlng 21 . Ched< & replenish all 28. Ched< and recharge 

Replace: 12. AdjuSl CIwuI angle lllid and oil levels banery. il necessary 
3. ViNe cover gasket 13. AdjuSl catIluretor 22. Ched< elelrical system 29. Rotate tires (~ needed) 
4. Spa1t plugs 14. AdjuSl Sleering box 23. Chedo. lor loose or lost 30. Chedo. tire flIessure 
5. Disvibutor poin1S 15. Adjus air & luel ralia mix boilS 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. T6. AdjuSl dUleh 24. Chedo. brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. ~r fitter. T 7. AdjuSl brakes 25. Ched< dulch 33. Check ccooling system & 
8.CliIlilter. 18. Adjust errergency brakes 26. Chedo. lights hoses 
9. Gas flfter. and 19. Ched< & adjust exposed 27. Ched< undercarriage lor 34. Ched< exhausl system 
10. Engine 01 belts damages 35. Road tesl 

20. Lube Iroot end 

-:F~~c;;piei;·CI~t~8hj;b $169 * 
We rS!iilC8: 

1. TransmsslOn input shan seal (excep! 4. Thlowout bearing Note: Hydraul c parts are nol covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilot bearings Not lor 4WD. Froot wheel drive el(\ra 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oil 
3. Ctutcll dis<: 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Fronr or real. Brake job Iflciudes: 

1. !nsIaII special new.pads or install rear bral\e shoes 5. Bleed entire brake system 
2. Drain old bral\e nuid 6. Adjusl Irool (il drums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspect ccmpIeIe hydraulic system 7. Replace front rOlor seals (01 rolor lurn) 
4. Rell hydraulic ltuid 8. Road test 
Ncct: tijdrde pons or, noc_ 

.,... .... .-rta. Ask ..... our ....... ,. .. ffw .... .,. 0".""'" 
All our .CMk ..... ~ or 2O,OOCknIIe Umlted .arrant,. 

All prices Include perU and a.bor. 

o¥~e~~ ("most cars) ~ ~ 8008 Miramar Rd . • ..1990 
........... RIp. I OIfer good through 1/~0I91 with this ad. 

.. ,, ~I lor app0,"Iment. 

•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 



10 FEATURES 

(Above): 
Mourners show 
their respect for 
Professor Charles 
Thomas in 
October. 
(Right):Students 
demonstrate their 
be/iefson 
abortion in a rally 
last March on the 
hump. 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian 

• ~ WITH Nfl OTHER YEAR, 1000 
HAD ITS SHARE OF HIGH AND LOW 
POMS: EASTERN ElmPE W~ 
GREETED WITH FREE ElECTKlNS, 
BUT LATER ON, THE WORlD INCHED 
TOWARDS WAR CLOSER TO HOME, 
UCSD HAD ITS OWN ~ENTS OF 
JOY, ~ MORE STUDENTS-REALIZED 
THE IMPORTANCE OF RECYCUNG, 
YET THE CAMPUS LOST NOTABLE 
PROFESSORS AND STUDENTS. TAKE 
A BRIEF TRIP WITH US AS WE RECAP 
SOME OF THE ~PORTANT EVENTS 
AT UCSD IN 1900. 

Monday, January 7,1991 

1he Regns' awowI ~ the LRDP 
(lor.;! Rqa DeveqJITalt PIll) WI 

~ bqs us closer ~ O\J goat 
~ fIIWhJ at a modaraIB pace wIiIe 
malnIaili'g am enhMciYol a ~ 
enYimnent 81 UCSO.' 
·Y. W.,.. KImIdy, 
VI<» ChanceIor of AltnWlIstrati:ln, on 

~dUCSD,1I4 

• ... ft is IiIe ~: yoo know H 
when you see I, but 'fOO c.l' deline it.' 
.fIcIIoIII Afillr, 
DfacIlJ d Special Services, 00 fVlIirY,j 
words poley, 2J1 

"She was tie type of pnlII flat was 
WI'f ccri~ She wcUI cil Unost 

~ tlr wr(tDtf.' 
-Co1IorIIIr of 'lJCSl) ..-nt .... 
WIInIIoId, IIIho was kIIad t¥ 
Clairemont nudeler, 2J2O 

1he no d this coIege is prt d !he 
massage thai i1feds the carvrunjy 
wi! a pon desaijDln of will were 
are and wIIaI we baliM ,I.' 
-CecIl LytIt, 
TIWd Collage Prows!, 00 _ Thid 
CoIege, 1'1 

'It is time Nt we IakB control. This Is 
cu tIliMly. This is our sodItf. How 
klng are yoo ~r.;! to Jld ~ MIl tlis? If 
we cil H mgmr, they <311 Alp us.' 
.flllrtil1IIIcon, 
Ch8 CaI6 member, P'*I'9 tie 
possIJIly d SUIent CXK1p avi:b1, 
1'12 

"Thi1gs are rWf ~. We en. a 
new and men dMlrse, mora edlg 
wortI. We were the first tl cause tie 
chII1Qe - we cal l 1''fBSII!* We 
chqed 011 fXkirities, WId ineYIii*t 
aIIiUIes brads us _ to chqe.' 
-GInnIdJ GrIIImIIw, 

ctieI ~ lor ScMet P18SOn 
Mkhail Gorbachev, when vLWo 
UCSD, '112. 

"11Mn is a Ot d OIlOlWlC8 111m 
aAII8s cu there .. .! wll1l sUIns tl 
learn ~ ClAns oller ~!her 
(MIl' 
. n..1Iond, 
R.- PIowo&t, 00 fIOPOSII fa' 
Ameri:IrI CI*ns, 40'S 

, !hit !he 1._ ~ the AS. 
PrIIiIn Is, runt. en, you 11M tl 

~ ai- _ a SlIdent 
~Iar aI SUIn nj the 
DniriIIrIlilrI.' 
.JIlIn Edell!, 
A.s. PNIiIn. in m JRSijriII 
__ ,4/9 

, tIIm .. is tqIe (llal1It dII8IaIt 
ilia aRilll1ri: P4II CII1 II he iI 
twYnonn but I tliIk 11111 me tile 
you aIIo 1M ., be • tItiIIa 
pDIItiI ani ncI 'Y m IdsI* f*IIIIe .• 
_La, 
Fin Pnxlar, when _ UCSD, 
4116 

\.ast ytllllIhe San Diego cay CMcI 
Conrr6eI baaan ., b:us 00 atdIaI 
• ~ ooe aT tle pr;m.y cua ~ 
rnisbeIIIviar .• 
-Nl1tDgIn, 
COIISIDt., amribe 
cIIrIIIq t81 ~ &dO at 

~ JaIl SIms, 5111 

Monday, January 7,1991 

"The way I 00k at it, Earth 
Day is rif!I:'(d;rf; we sOOutl 
be .. ., 00 somethirg lor 
the edI MI'fdirf.' 
-lin AIIDr;, 
Food ~ merriler, 6114 

"Ever)ixldy is frusnlad in 
iTliIlY it$p8dS, because we 
hMn'.,ad hin yet' 
.(II1CJaIh, 
Depty Pate Chief, on 
CIaAmooIIcIIer, ~4 

"Ten pert8riI is a relef ., us. 
t! .. plSSiJte hit the 
regenS ooukl have raised 
the tees Mn more 1han 
that' 
-film., 
a~homthe 
Un_ d CaIIomia 
Student Asslciation (USCA) 
on tuition fee increase, 9124 

'1t's not a bss only to 
UCSO, but ., the dty of San 

D~ as well He was more 
tIan a ~»sD. He was a 
menb' and father figure.' 
-lllryFltlllr, 
AMIte SerOOr, on Professor 
Char'es TIDnas' deaIh, 
100 

'JoIvl has been doiIg tie 
wakdten~.· 
-Molly 1IcKIJ, 
VlC8-f'rasidenI ExIemaI, on 
Edoon's ~ to the ho5piIaI, 
I!VS 

, wi fi.l1i!tis tJoth ai1I 
nail.' 
.JolIn EdIan, 
A.S. PI8SiIent, n resplRS8 
tl axnt!IIIies' fIOPOSII thai 
A.S. Alp serviIg beer at 
lG.'s, lM! 

""00 CIIlIilke ~ how you WIR'" Some migIt be 
oftendId.· 
.... IIIhIIrIIIInI, 
SigrrI AJPra Episb1 Rush 
Chaimen, 00 his frIIamrty's 
rush week fIyIr, HY10 

, pst _ abolH n the 
paper ani daciIed tl cxrme 
out because rs tlr a good 
C3II8.' 
-EIIIn faTaIr, 
au frIs/rnan, on FtIl I'm 
tlr dac8rIsed proIasscr 
DiI1a CIBIwaI. 

"CM prall fldrIs 818 
_ iIIdIqU, MIl b' 
praM needI, III .. 
... of a MIl stJdart 
JqJUIIkrn fIajII:Iad m be 
28,DOO be .. ,. m .· 
-R1cIIMI--. 
CIInIb, on nasstt of 
AWe Idr, 11121 

The UCSD Guardian 

(Left): A flyer 
alerts people 
about the 
seriall<iller 
who struck 
nearUCSD, 
killing one 
strudent. 
(Below): 
Worket:S 
begin 
construction 
on the 
Central 
Ubrary 
addition. 

.t;~ (Above) :Supporters of 
saving the co-ops parade 
through campus in March. 
(Left): Two girls march 
alongside nurses in a 
November protest over 
nurses' contracts. 

FEATURES 1) 

STANDARD SIZE 01 
SUPER PlXS 
~ 0f'JY 1011 ot colo< polnl "1m aI-. 110.1. 120. lull _ 35mm Of _ lor Slan<>ord 
$1_ Of Supel ,.. prln" oncI you ' l ""''4 

ooach ~ "" ... pnc. ot 
.,..,.,... only.1 

COUNSELING PSYCHOLOGY 
MAsTER'S DEGREE 

Now A CCEPTING APPUCATIONS FOR F All 1991 IN: 
o Marriage, Family, and Child Counseling (M.F.C.C. License) 
o General Counseling 
o Treabnent of Chemical Dependency 

N_e _________________________ Phooc __________ _ 

A~~" ____________________________________ ___ 

Retum to: LOYOLA MARYMOUNT 
U NIVERSI TY 

Gnduate Division. Loyola Boulevard at West 80th Street 
Los Angeles, CA 9004S • Phone (21) 338-272 1 

Summer Employment 
Opportunities with 
The MITRE Corporation 
La/olla, CA 
The MITRE Corporation is currently inte rviewing fo r pas!t!ons 
which will be available during the summer of 1991. 80th posltl ~ns 
witt be working closely with academic scientists andlor olhe r o ff ice 
stoff ot our LaJotta, CA ;'ield site . 

Receptionist 
Toke responsibility for onswering ond screening phone calls, 
taking messages, ond assisting in controlling building a ccess 
by checkin~ ii:lentification and escorting requirements . Spe-
cific tasks mclude : coordinat ing pick-ups and deliveries of 
packages, maintaining a vis itor log, temporary badge and 
aut-ol·hours logs, ptus daily a~countabitity. of visilor bad~es . 
To qualify, you must have a high school diploma or equlvo-
lent, a Iyping proficiency certific~te (35 wpm\, and 'po~se~s 
tact and good iudgment . experience as a lieceplionlst IS 
extremely desirable . 

Facility Helper 
Perform a variety of duties : setting up and maintaining confer-
ence rooms; moving furniture and equipment; ordering, pi.ck-
ing up, and maintaining inventory 01 supplies; reprodUCing 
large quantities of documents; driving, loading and unload-
ing trucks; assisting with moss '!Iailings; an~ handling exp~ess 
mail needs . You must have a high school diploma or equiva-
lent and b. able to perform tight typing . A valid driver 's 
license is required . 

Call us to set up an interview. 
To arran,e a per.onal appointment, plea.e contact 
M •. Charlene Bennett at 619-459-9701 betwMn Janu-
a!)' 7-18, 1991. We are an equal opportunltyl 
affirmative action employer. U.S. Cltlzen.hlp required. 

n 

~~MITRE 



12FBATURES 

Alan Russell, a 
former UCSD 
student, 
displays his 
first mystery 
novel No Sign 
of Murder. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 7, 1991 

Ex-Student Writes Book 
By Jeffrey Y..ugucht 
ANocIete FMIutN Editor 

Alan Russell never took any 
writing courses when he was a 
student at UCSD. But his first 
novel, No Sign of Murder, is 
showing great signs of success. 

With a host of favorable re-
views, including one from theN ew 
York Times, No Sign of Murder's 
fust printing sold out in just three 
weeks. 

Although surprised by the quick 
success, Russell, a UCSD gradu-
ate, admits that it wasn't completely 
unexpected. After a "long appren-
ticeship process," a period in which 
he wrote two novels that he never 
submined for publication due to a 
lack: of satisfaction, Russell fin-
ished No Sign of Murder and "felt 
perfectly rigbt about it." 

"I finished tbe other two novels 
and look:ed at them and just said 
• no. ' They are sitting in my drawer 
right now. But with No Sign of 
Murder I felt like I bad struck the 
ball rigbt wbere I wanted to," said 
Russell. 

3'5 COMPANY: 
ISAACS, McCALEB 

& DANCERS 
SEASON PREMIERE CONCERT 

Mandell Weiss Center for the Perfonning Arts, UCSD 
January 10, 11, 12, & 13 at 8 pm 

Reserved Tickets: $15 General, 
$12 SDADA & 3's Company Members 

$9 Students & Seniors 
Tickets: TicketMaster 278-TIXS or 296-9523 

"Piqued the imaginatiorr . .. Ingeniously surreal . . . " - Dance Magazine 

No Sign of Murder is a mystery 
that involves the disappearance of 
19-year-old Anita Walters, a 
wealthy, deaf model. Stuart Win-
ter, a private investigator, is hired 
to find Anita, and it is through his 
eyes that Anita's life unfolds. By 
interviewing the people in Anita's 
circle, Winter is introduced to a 
Seedy group of people, and discov-
ers that Anita wasn't so clean her-
self. As tbe book progresses, 
Winter realizes that Anita might 
not just be missing, she could be 
dead. 

It took Russell a year to com-
plete the novel. and it took three 
more years to get it published and 
into bookstores. Since he had never 
taken any writing courses while at 
UCSD, and had never been part of 
a writer's group. he never really 
learned how to get a book pub-
lished. He had heard. however, that 
the first thing to do was get an 
agent. 

"I remember looking at all these 
agents and saying ' this is a mys-
tery.' But 1 sponed an agency, rec-
ognized some of its authors, read 
its description and saw that it was 
based in Milwaukee. Since I've 
been known to take a couple of 
beers there, it sounded good to 
me." 

Russell then mailed his book 
off to that agency and got a personal 
call from an agent about a week 
later. 

The agent said, "I just want you 
to know I love your book, I intend 
to sell it, and 1 can't believe its a 
first novel." 

Russell wasn ' t quick to believe. 
"I was very suspicious at first. .. 

I was expecting a catch, but after 
the conversation ended I realized 
she said the kind of things I had 
always wanted to hear. I was so 
emotional at that moment I could 
barely say goodbye." 

"She probably thought 'wby 
isn't this person happy ' , but I 
bottled things inside for so long, 
that I dido't want to let them out. A 
writer deals with rejection for so 
long that to let any exuberance 
out... you're afraid you're going to 
crack the shell." 

According to Russell, once the 
book was put on the market, one 
publishing house said they were 
going to buy it and then never did, 
and anotber bought it and ended up 
noi being able to publish it. Fi-
nally, however, a publishing house 
named Walker and Co. bought the 
book and got it out into the stands. 

"Everything ended up okay," 
said Russell. 

And things are still going well. 
Walker and Co. bave signed 

KUSseU to do asequel to No Sign oj 
Murder, which is expected to be 
ready for sale by February 1992. 

Russell's deadline for the se-
quels is June I ,just a little less than 
five months away. Although he's 
begun to feel some pressure, fID-
ishing work by the due date is 
nothing new to Russell. He was 
formerly the Editor of the Triton 
Times (which preceded the 
Guardian) and is currently man-
ages the 140 employees of the Sea 
Lodge Inn in downtown La Jolla. 

And besides, Russell doesn't 
"believe in cranking them OUL If] 
don't finish [the sequel] to my 
satisfaction by June I, I would just 
as soon send my publisher the ad-
vance money and finish it cor-
rectly." 

Monday, January 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Making the Most of the Holidays 
• Scripps and UCSDPD keep the spirit alive 

For many, Christmas is a time ----~-----
to regroup - a time to gather to-
gether as a family, and this made it . 
particularly hard on those who 
could not do so. 

Numerous policeofficers had to 
stay on duty; similarly, patients 
were confined to the hospital. 

Yet UCSD poLiceofficers were 
among those wbo did their best to 
enjoy the holiday . Sergeant Jeff 
Hutchinson, campus police super-
visor, said that while unable to take 
part in every festi vity of the sea-
son, campus security officers were 
able to celebrate the season some-
what, while on duty. 

"We put Chri tmas music on 
the P.A. Officers wore hats," aid 
Hutchison. 

San Diego police also dis-
patched an interesting message 
over the radio, which is monitored 
byUCSDPD. 

Huchison explained that, in the 
past, all units were asked to be on 
the lookout for a subject described 
as Santa Claus in addition to a 
vehicle resembling a sleigh with 
reindeer; the lead reindeer was said 
to have a red nose. 

Police were not the only ones 
who celebrated away from home. 

"ft 's especially hard at 
See HOLIDAYS, Page 21 

Artwork by Dr. John Sterling was one of many to lift patients' 
spirits at Scripps Memorial Hospital in /..a Jolla. 

Available for: 
Bio 1 
Bio 102 
Bio 106 
Bio 107 
Bio 111 
Bio 131 
Bio 151 
Bio 155 
Chern 4 
Chern 6 

Chern 11 
Chern 127 
Chern 140B 
Econ 1B 
Econ 2A 
Econ 2B 
Econ ll0A 
Econ l20A 
Math lA 
Math 2A 

At: 

Physics lA 
Physics 2A 
Psych 1 
Psych 3 
Psych 60 
Psych 131 
Psych 181 
Soc Sci 60 

SHOp 
CO·Op 

The General Store Co-Op 
Open Monday thru Friday 
Located in the Student Center near The Hump 

FEATURES 13 

Includes: ~ and quality hain:ut. 
Blow dry and st')1ing $4 extra. 
Full serVIce pnces reg. $21-$26. 
Standb-y fares are subject to avadability 
of Stylists. To Insure faster service, It's 
best to come on weekdays. 

RE[~EPITI{)INI!=;T FOR BEST TIMES 
: T-W-T 9-8pm 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

~~I:!<:--
I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 

Call lor details· 2nd 30 tan days S39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap · Only $48 

Not a temporary water loss • ~ celuite and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 

~'. WAIWiOUSL- In K_ny Mae • .- """'0)1 St .• 
fUTONS OR FRAMES 

IUTONS' JUpIo_ 

Expires 2J7/91 

$1.40 .pound 
farou..t ., 

ARE FRANK ZAPPA OR MICK JAGGER 
REALLY COMING TO THE THEATRE 
DEPARTMENT? 
THE ONLY WAY TO FIND OUT IS TO SIGN UP! 

THEATREI14 - ROCKPERFORMANCE 
Monday/Wednesday, 5:00 to 6:20 p.m., WLH 200] . 
Study of American and European Rock Performance as a 
theatrical activity. (4 units) Winter '91. 
Zappa, Jagger and many others have been invited as 
guest speakers and mayor may not accept invitations. 
Videos of their work will be discussed regardless. 



14 UCSD Student Or anization 

University Events & Student Activities 
Happy New Year To Each and Every Student Organization. We're 
looking forward to keeping up the poce you storted at the beginning of the academic year. The 
Winter and Spring quarters tend to be the most hectic fun and we can't wait to see what's in store. 
If you are still considering becoming an organization or stil l haven't re-registered yet, it's never too 
late! Come by the UE&SA office on the 3rd floor of the Price Center and pick up your registration 
packet. 

OR.S ON rH. MOV •••• 
Films: 
The General IHCFP) 1/7 SLH 107 7:00pm 
Better Tomorrow & Happy Ghost ICCc) 1/8 SLH 104 7 :00pm 
Betrayed ICWD) 1/11 SLH 107 7:00pm 
Dust in the Wind & Black Skin/White Tooth 1/11 PH 108 7:00pm 
Reaching for the Moon (HCFPI 1/14 SLH 107 7:00pm 
No Means No: Avoiding Date Abuse (SFPC) 1/15 SlH 104 7:30pm 
The Bear ISEAC) 1/15 GH 1438 8:00pm 
My Son is a Genius & Story of Along (Taiwan) 1/17 GH 1438 7:00pm 
You GotTo Move ICWO) 1/18 SLH 107 7 :00pm 
Twelve Angry Men (HCFP) 1/21 SlH 107 7 :00pm 
Oodes'ka-den IHCFP) 1/25 SLH 107 7 :00pm 
Breathless ICWD) 1/28 SlH 107 7:00pm 
The World Is Watching ICWD) 2/1 SLH 197 7:00pm 
Apocalypse Now IHCFP) 2/4 SLH 107 7:00pm 
With a Vengeance: 2/5 SLH 104 7:30pm 

The Fight for Reproductive Freedom ISFPC) 
Booker T. Washington : Slave and Statesman 2/8 SlH 107 7:00pm 

and Back of the Dream & Malcolm X ICWD) 
Citizen Kane IHCFP) 2/11 SlH 107 7:00pm 
The SpiralICWD) 2/15 SlH 107 7:00pm 
"M" (HCFP) 2/18 SLH 107 7:00pm 
living with the SpilllCWO) 2/22 SlH 107 7:00pm 
Bladerunner (HCFP) 2/25 SlH 107 7 :00pm 
The Business of America ... & Shop Talk ICWD) 3/1 SlH 107 7 :00pm 
2001 (HCFP) 3/4 SLH 107 7 :00pm 
Oance of Hope (CWO) 3/8 SLH 107 7 :00pm 
The Seventh SeallHCFPI 3/11 SLH 107 7:00pm 
My Left Foot ICWD) 3/15 SLH 107 7:00pm 
Other Events: 
VSA New Year Dance 1/ 5 Triton Pub 9pm 
Barbecue Ribs Sole (KCM) 1/10& 11 PC Plaza 100m 
Karaoke Singing Contest Iccq 1/11 Int'l Or 7pm 
Chinese Calligraphy Contest (Ccq 1/25 PC Rm 8 6pm 
Derby Days Volleyball Tournament IStGMA CHI) 2/8 N .Vlyball 3pm 
Ash Wednesday Moss (CCUCSD) 2/13 PC Ballroom 12pm 
Lecture: Sea W orld Outreach on Sharks 2/13 GH Aud 7pm 
T ay Sachs Screening (LSSO) 2/13 & 14 PC Cove lOam 
Armenian Student Olympics '9 1 2/16 - 17 Main Gym 9am 
Pho Night(Vietnamese food cooking) (VSA) 3/1 Int'l Or 6pm 

CCC: Chinese Culture Club • CCUCSD: Catholic Community at UCSO • CWO: Committee 
for World Democracy • HCFP: Hardcore Film Productions. KCM: Korean-American Cam-
pus Mission • LSSO: Life Science Student Organization. SFPC: Students for Pro-Choice. 
VSA: Vietnamese Student Association 

VISION '91 
Shaping DI •• nslons of 

Leacl.nhlp 
VISION '91 : Shaping Dimensions of lead-
ership, the second annual AII-Campus lead-
ership Conference, will be held on Saturday, 
Jan. 26, 1991 at the Price Center. 

This year's conference will feature a morn-
ing banquet style selection of various work-
shop topics, as well as an afternoon team 
building and problem solving session to 
address issues pertinent to the UCSD com-
munity. Workshop topics will include: cre-
ativity, motivation, family relation~, commu-
nication, goal setting, volunteerism, public 
speaking, balancing your life, group dy-
namics, diversity, and more ... The day will 
begin at 9:30am with the opening session 
and conclude at 4 :30pm. lunch will be 
included. 

MOTIVACTION, a leadership consulting firm 
bas~d in Massachusetts, will be assisting 
with the conference. Their leadership spe-
cialists have facilitated conferences across 
the US and Canada. We also have some of 
our own UCSD staff and students involved 
with the program . VISION '91 promises to 
be a unique and exciting day! 

Conference registration is limited and will 
be coordinated through the Dean of Stu-
dents Office within each college. For more 
information contact your college Dean's of-
fice nowl 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

STUDENT 
ORGANIZATION 

ADVISORS 

DARCY CARLSON • X44037 

PAUL DEWINE • X41611 

UNDA STACK • X44119 

• MARCIA STRONG • X40496 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

RANDY WOODARD • X44083 

: For general student organization info, 
call linda Sargent at x4050 1 . • 

• 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Monday, January 7, 1991 

Volume 1 Number 2 

CROSS·CULTURAL 
COMMUNICATION, 
RACI OLATIONS & 

GENDER DIFFIRINCIS 
As the University of California, San Diego 
moves with the rest of the state into the next 
century, it becomes clear that the issues of 
cross<ulturol communication, race relations 
and gender differences are of paramount 
importance if our student committees, clubs 
and organizations are to continue to Aour-
ish. One fact certain to impact the compo-
sition of such groups is the state's projected 
demographic changes. 

Certainly as these changes will impact 
the "face" of our campus, so too will [and 
must] they impact the complexion of our 
organizations. It is my hope that with an 
institutional commitment to embracing plu-
ralism, our campus committees, clubs, and 
organizations will embrace this philosophy 
as well. 

How best can we prepare our organiza-
tions-their members, their alums, their orga-
nizational "culture" and philosophy, their 
public image--to survive and gain founda-
tional strength from such a metamorphosis? 
For all of us, answering . this question must 
become a top priority. And even more im-
portantly, we must be visionary enough to 
then implement the answer once it has been 
discerned. 

Towards that end then, I would like to extend 
the services and/or programs of the Student 
Affirmative Action Programs office. We 
offer a number of presentations: workshops, 
seminars, lecturettes, interactive sessions, 
group-thinks, etc.~11 designed to fit your 
needs. 

Addressing cultural/gender /racial/ disabil-
ity differences and related issues is no easy 
task. Please know that the Office of Student 
Affirmative Action Programs is always will-
ing to assist in any way possible to heighten 
UCSD's commitment to making that "inevi-
table step into the 21 st century" a positive 
one. 

Please feel free to contact me at extension 
X46708 todiscuss your programmatic needs. 

Anthony Jemison, Director 
St. Affirmative Action Programs 

The UCSD Guardian 15 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• • • • CAMPUS FUNDING SOURCIS • • • 
• • The following is a list of funding sources for campus programs at UCSD. • 

• Please see your advisor in the UE&SA office to review the funding guide- • 
• lines of each dt!partment/organization. • 
• 
• 
• Associated Students X444S0 • 
• Campus Recreation X44037 • 
• CAESAR X43S98 • Chicano Studies X43276 • • Council of Provosts X42247 • 
• Graduate Student Association X46S04 • 
• History Department X41996 • • • literature Department X43214 • 

Muir College Council, Dean, Cultural Society or Programming Board 
Revelle College Program Boord or Provost 

X43S87 
X43262 

Revelle College Dean X41S78 
Revelle Student Committee for Cultural Appreciation or Council X43262 
SAAC (Student Affirmative Action CommiHee) X46708 
Student Health X47127 
Third College Dean X44390 
Third World Studies X43276 
UCSD Foundation X41031 
University Events Program Board X44090 

• Vice Chancellor Undergraduate Affairs X44370 • 
Warren College Council X4~709 • • Warren College Dean X44731 • • Women's Caucus X47127 • 

• 
• 

*Other funding sources may exist. • 
• This list will be updated as appropriate. • 
• 
• 
• 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Happy New Year 
fro. the A.S.I 

On behalf of the Associated Student Council 
of UCSD, I would like to welcome you back 
from your Winter Break! I hope that you are 
all ready to out-do the exemplary program-
ming that occured during the Fall 1990 
quarter. 

Programming budget requests for Spring 
Quarter 191 will be due on Friday, February 
15, 1991, sixth week of classes. Budget 
hearings for these requests will be held the 
following week, from February 20-22, 1991. 
We will now be requiring that specific line 
item breakdowns be brought to the hearings 
and that, if possible, rooms are reserved for 
the event or at least checked into. 

If you have any questions regarding student 
organization funding, guidelines, etc., please 
feel free to call me, Joseph Cruz, Financial 
Controller or Sergio langarica, Vice Presi-
dent of Finance, at 534-4450. 

Announcements 
UCSD will be participating in the annual San 
DiegoMartin Luther King, Jr. poi adeonSa~ 
urday, January 12th at 11 am . All five colleges 
and other student com m ittees and organ izations 
will be involved in planning UCSD's partici-
pation . If you are interested, ei ther con tact 
your College Dean's Office, your student or-
ganization representative to the MLK parade 
committee or your student organizati on advi-
sor . T-shirts and transportation will be available 
for participants . 

Start planning early far your participation in the 
annual A.S . Sun God Festival to be held this 
year on Friday, May 17th . 

It is with sincere regrets that UCSD will not be 
hosting its annual Open House this year. 

New Sports and Recreation Club 
Advisor Comes on Board 

The department of Campus Recreation has hired a new Sports & Recreational Club advi-
sor, Ms. Darcy Carlson. Darcy storted with UCSD on Jonuary 2nd. Sports and 

Recreation club members are encouraged to drop in to meet her and welcome her to our 
campus. She is eager 10 hear from you so she can get to know and learn all about you. 

Darcy has over eight years of experience in the field of recreation as an undergraduate at 
Arizona State UniverSity, a graduate at San Diego State University, an internship at UC 

Berkeley and most recently as the Sports Club advisor at San Diego State University. 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
16 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 7,1991 

Words of (Dubious) Wisdom to Start the Decade 
• A look back over some of the controversial and 
prom'lnent figures in music and at UCSD in 1990 

"We're not really going for any 
'message.' I know Steve Tyler 
has talked about it being 
political, but to be honest he 
just had to think of some reason 
why Janie had a gun, and then 
he probably read something 
about child abuse in the paper 
that day: 

- TOM HAMILTON OF 
ABROSMlTH, explaj"j"JI ,he 

insp jrarion for "]a"ie's Gor A Gu" . ~ 

• Poor is the man whose 
pleasures depend on the 
permission of another." 

- From MADONNA'S ".11> "jJeo, 
"]UIrifJ My Love.' 

Complied by the A&E editors 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 

· We're one of those groups 
that are being targeted by those 
motherfuckers , the PMRC, and 
they say that we should not be 
able to make records. They said 
I shouldn't be on the stage, but 
from me to them, they can suck 
my fucking dick." 

- I E-T, at tlJe Glitiseri"B of the 
T yi bu CO" cert i" October. 

"We try to satisfy everyone's 
creative needs. I personally like 
the sound that makes a lot of 
money." 

- RODDY BOITUM OF FAITII 
No MORE 

IUCSD STUDENTI 

BIG MEAL_DEAL 
---- \ 

.... ..- ...... -- \ 
---- \ ~ \ 
AYI'.! regular . \ 

IIdtlllCh, 
footlong sli . " L \ ft don", ~ \ 
llirge 32.0 %. SO \ 

;t1:d~b:";O~f~C;hi:P:S ::::::::::::::::~~ Volid only 01 Cotlo Verde & Mjro..-Iocofion. PIoo .. "",sent UCSO 1.0. eIJ:IQIi\'i 
6780 Mlra",ar Rei. Bebl"d Carl's Jr. 54!J-6969 

8650 Getleuee I" tbe Costa yertk Food Court 558-6811 

• After a while it gets really tiring 
to be asked over and over about 
whether or not we think we sold 
out. No one thinks we've sold 
out. It's just that we 're on a 
commercial label and everyone 
expects that to happen." 

- LEE :&.\NALDO OF SoNIC 
YOUTH, .fter tiJe rekase oftiJeir 

lllwt Geffm lib",,,, Goo. 

" I wanted to bring attention to 
the censorship issue . As far as 
I'm concerned, censorShip in 
any form is bad - but when it's 
racism disguised as censorship, 
that's even worse , and that was 
the point I was trying to make." 

-SlNEAD O 'CoNNO-, if! 
ruptmse to the ,ontro11eny Dr>tr her 

rejus.1 tD l1li4. " N.]. pmlU U plAy 
rise Americ",. tllllionlll ""theM before 

her 'lmurT. 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Nell 10 Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next 10 Pizza Hul) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTItt 
(Across from Mann Theater) 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILA8U 

" If I got Paula Abdul to dress up 
like a frog , I might do a Coke 
commercial with her. There is a 
cheese line, and it's difficult to 
know when you 're crossing it ." 

- ANnfONY KrEoIS OF THE 
RED HOT CHILl PEPP.I!llS, lAst 
MIlY, prior to nJl"i"B" contract to tU! 

Nice Air CD",,,,.,"IIIs. 

" I don 't need gimmicks. I don't 
need people to think I'm a rebel. 
I think I've proven what I am, 
and I'm really comfortable with 
myself. I'm not committed to 
anyone cause except for my 
happiness and whatever I 
happen to think is right.· 

-PBuY FAD.EL OP JANE'S 
ADDIcnON 

Jennifer Kolalcy/Guardiar. 
M It's a sexual innuendo,· 

-GRETCHEN SEAGER OF 
MAu's DANISH, explAi"i"JI rhe 

oriJII'rIJ of her b"ntl', " .. ""'. 

" We want credibility and 
commerciality like Elton John. 
We want to create a fairy tale for 
teenagers, like Kiss. But our 
dream is to have our own 
cartoon show." 

- ANDY STUR.Ml!R OF 
J ELLYFISH. 

"I'm doin' itfor Doogie. I respect 
that show even though I've 
never seen it." 

-RoDNEY ANoNYMOUS 01 
TIm DEAD Mn.nu!N, on hi: 

crt.lion .f thI rI#1P thmu -8 f{ 
'DooJIit Howser, M.D. 

• NOW OPEN. 
R, Beizaie, D,D.S. 

Member: ADA CDA 
SDCDS 

17 Years of Experience 
9 am-6 pm Mon,-Fri, 

• Most insurance accepted 

• Cosmetic Dentistry (Bonding) 
• Composite and Porcelain Fillings 
• Crown and Bridges 
• Root Canal Therapy 
• Extractions 
• Periodontal Treatment 

Monday, January 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 17 

The Good, the Bad, and the Redundant 
By Andy ca."". MId 
Gregory W8ypa 
5mlfWrir.m 

"My Blue Heaven." This film 
was full of it. Fantasy that is. Rick 
Moranis as an FBI Agent? A wit-
ness protection program that 
couldn'l prolecl a virgin locked 
away in a convent? Steve Manin 
as a mafia squealer and criminal 
who becomes a beloved member 
of the community at the picture's 
end? Give us a break. 

"Misery." In a movie that 
makes it difficult to know whether 
one should be laughing or sitting at 
the edge of the seat in terror, "Mis-
ery" delivers a great story with 
magnificent performances by 
James Caan and Kathy Bates. Look 
for big things from Kathy Bates in 
the future. 

"RockyV."Moviefansweren't 
flocking 10 the theaters for this 
one, which is unfortunate because 
it was better than the music video 
madness of the last two. Now if 
only Stalone and company have 
enough sense to walk. away from 
the"Rocky"storyan«tend it, they'd 
be fin,ishing on a high note. 

"Cadillac Mao." If you were 
looking for a Robin Williams ve-
hicle in this one, you might have 

been disappointed. This movie had 
Robin Williams the actor as a "No 
one leaves alive" car salesman, 
and not Robin Williams the come-
dian. 1bere were fine perfonnances 
by all involved, especially Wil-
liams and Tim Robbins. 

"'lbe TaU Guy," Whadda ya 
mean ya never heard of it? A Brit-
ish comedy starring America's Jeff 
Goldblum as the tall guy. This 
movie has everything; humor, a 
love story that turns into a no-

holds-barred, 
all -out sex 
scene, and a 
musical based 
on the life of 
the Elephant 
Man called 
"Elephant. " 

" The 
Hunt for Red 
October." If 
you can gel 
past a Russian 
Captain with a 
Scottish ac-
cent and un-
derwater 
scenes with 
the subma-
rines cruising 
way too close 
to each other, 
this movie 
was quite im-
pressive. It'sa 
quick 

paced picture that would 
have done much better 
during the Cold War. 

''Ghost.'' [n August, the 
nation's women opted OUI 
of the skull-crunching 
blockbuslers and stonned 
back inlo the movie the-
aters. "Ghost" had it aU-
sex, spooks, devils, guns, 
naughty phallic clay, and 
dance routines. Patrick 
Swayze took his shirt off a 
lot, while Demi Moore was 
husky and cried all the time. 
Not to be outdone, Whoopi 
Goldberg hammed her way 
to Oscar contention as me-
dium Ota Mae. 

"3 Men and a Little 
Lady." Proving again that 

WARREN COLLEGE 
Literary-Arts Journal 
SubmissiOn Deadline: 
January 18, 1991 
$100 & $50 prizes in each 
of three categories: 

• ART 

• POETRY 

• PROSE 

Submission forms available at MAAC 41 0 
Questions: 534-3068 

Warren Students Only 

white boys can 'I rap, this film uses 
the same fonnula as the original: 
three bungling men raising a lillie 
girl, but this time the girl talks back 
and asks questions like, "What's a 
penis?" Hopefully video rentals 
will increase when viewers search 
for the "ghost" in this one . 

"Dick Tracy," This picture had 
the look of a comic book with its 
color scheme 
and special 
effecls. Too 
bad it lacked 
in everything 
else. It should 
be said once 
again, War-
ren BeallY 
played a 
wimp, Ma-
donna played 
Madonna , 
and the only 
treat was 
Du s tin 
Hoffman as 
Mumbles. 

"Dark Man." Critics claimed 
that this movie was the only true 
representation of a comic book 
hero. Well, it was betterthan "Dick 
Tracy." 

"The Teenage Mutant Ninja 
Turlles."Thesurpriseof I 990 and 
raking more money that any inde-
pendent film ever, the Teenage 
Mutant Ninja Tunles brought new 

meaning to the term "shell -
shocked." Originally c reating 
"TMNT" as a comic book spoof, 
the makers are now rolling in dough. 

"Jacob's Ladder." One of the 
year's best psychological thriller, 
opened strongly in November, but 
faltered under its totally confusing 
plot. One moment Tim Robbins 
was delivering mail, Ihe next he 

was in Vietnam. The screenplay 
was by "Ghost's"Bruceloel Rubin 
- not that you 'd notice. 

"Total Recall ." Audiences 
around the world experienced the 
shocking blast of gut-slaShing, 
bone-breaking and machine-gun-
ning that was "Total Recall." This 
movie was not for the faint-hearted 
or for people who had trouble 
keeping up with a complicated plot. 
If you endured it, however, it proved 
to be the first great science fiction 
movie of the '90s. 

''Fantasia.'' This wa the film 
10 see under 
the influence 
ofhallucino· 
g ens! 
Indeed, this 
is the only 
way to make 
over half the 
film seem to 
speed up. 
Mickey 's 
Sorcerer's 
Apprentice. 
the tutu-clad 
hippos and 
the dancing 
mushrooms 

were still great, but much of the 
remaindersimplydragged. Several 
composers must be luming in their 
graves at the images attached to 
their music. 

"Mermaids." This coming-
of-age flick gave us probably the 
year's odde t bout of coital activ-
ity. Who could feaSibly imagine 
plump Bob Hoskins and lithe, sili-
cone-implanted Cher horizontally 
jogging? The most unsurprising 
aspect of the movie was Winona 
Ryder'srole . .. heplayedanangst-
ridden high-school student yet 
again! 

"Awakenings." Sure 10 be the 
film to see from late 1990. Robin 
Williams, Robert De Niro and the 
supporting cast are superb. To-
getherwith "Dances with Wolves," 
this film has O-S-C-A-R-S written 
all over it. 

"Presumed Innocent." The 
"Can you guess the ending" fi I m of 
the year was undoubtedly "Pre-
umed Innocent." Despite the dis-

tracting sight of Harrison Ford with 
such a severe haircut - unfortu-
nately for the film - most people 
were able to spot the killer. 

This was the yearofthesequels: 
"Die Hard II," "Gremlins II," 
"Back to the Future III ," "3 Men 
and a Little Lady. ""Look Who's 
Talking Too," "Rocky V," "The 
Godfather III," "Young Guns 
II," "Robocop n ," "Another 48 
Hours," "Child's Play 2," and 
" The Rescuers Down 
Under" ... wi th the odd exceptions. 
most of them must have seemed a 
good idea at Ihe lime! 



18 The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 7, 1991 

~""'N ~ ~--------------~ 
Zenith 
Shown: zenith Dato Systems 

SlimsPort 286 

Fhdl HEWLETT 
~~ PACKARD 

HewieH Pockord ;, 
Shown: HP Loseriet liP 

Printer 

SHARP EL $12/H 
173 Fundions 

SHARP EL 506D 
Scientific stotistics 

SHAR~ 
rROM SHARP MINOS 

COME SIIARP PROOUC rs" 

I ~.p 225 .5ci~ttfic Calcul(ltorl I HI",!.198 lusineu ~alculator I 

Ae & AI· WGM • 1 / ~/91 

*. 

Macintosh ( , 
Shown: Macintosh ·Clos.k: ,. 

.> 11M ; ". . 
Shown: 11M PS / 2 

SHARP EL·509D ' 
Scientific with .tati.tics 

SHARP EL 520/S ,',. 
62 functions with stotistics 

~. ;,' 

CASIO 
I Cosio FX-8000G1 

LJCSr=:J 
I II )( )1< ~ • I I II :1 

Monday, January 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian 19 

DISCOVER THE 
GENERAL BOOK DEPARTMENT 

.. _ .. 

Imagine having almost any book in print 
at your fingertips. 

That's what you'll find at 
the UCSD Bookstore. 

Our selection of over 95,000 technical, 
medical and general books 

is the best in San Diego County. 

And we back that up with a book 
information service that can't be surpassed. 

Call us anytime between 7:30 am and 6 pm. 
It'll be a downright uplifting experience. 

e._ .• 
* Fiction * All major disciplines 
* Children's Books * Reference 
* University Press * Academic and scholarly 
* Technical LJCSD 

, • ( )f II " I ( " 'I 

"'OM . 1\016 . ,/..", BOOK INFORMATION: 534 - 3149 

Enrolled in VA 1 ? 
Pick up your starter kit at 

the UCSD Bo~kstorel 

Everything you'll need 
to start the course 

in a handy reusable vinyl pouch. 
I II ~I J 
I '. 'I "" I 

534 - 3786 
SECOND FLOOR SUPPLIES DEPARTMENT 

NEED A DATE? 
PICK UP A 1991 PLANNER 

AT THE 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 

GREAT 
DEALS ON 

FILM DEVELOPING 
Get double prints of every color roll - every day! 

12 expo (24 prints) 
15 expo (30 prints) 
24 expo (48 prints) 
36 expo (72 prints) 

Standard 
size 

$2.99 
$3.79 
$4.99 
$6.99 

Reprint Special 
January 7 - 18 

Extra 
large 
$3.47 
$4.39 
$5.95 
$8.43 

3"][ 5' (Regular) $.15 each 
4"][ 6" (Extra Large) $.19 each 

(OfTer good from color negative only. No slides. No limit.) 

..... E SUNSHINE STORE 
Roun: 

Monda, • frida, 7 am • 10 pm 
Saturday 1:30 am • 10 pm 
Sunday 1:30 am - 8 pm 

LJ( 5LJ 
I ( If" '. I f)1 I 

1M-1m 



Monday, January 7,1991 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 

8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.- The OASIS 
Writing Center is a free service for 
all UCSD tudent . We offer one to 
one writing conferences for any 
type of writing project - academic 
papers. personal statements even 
)tories and poems. Our staff of 
trained undergraduates. who come 
from a variety of academic 
:iiscipline , can help you become a 
more effective writer. Call 534-
2284 to make an appointment or 
jrop by our office in the old Student 
Center. Building A, Room 214. 
Evening appointment also 
available. Free. 

TUESDA Y. JANUARY 8 

5-6 p.m. - TIME MAN-
AGEMENT WORKSHOP - Get 
a head start this year and get 
organized! Come to OASIS 
Reading and Study Skills Center 
Time Management Workshop for 
ourfirstworkshopoftheyear. USB 
4010. Free. 

ORGANIZATION MEETINGS 

TUESDA Y, JANUARY 8 

5 p.m. - The UCSD Triton PEP 
BAND will have an open rehearsal 
for new members. All band 
musicians are welcome, and no 
audition is nece sary. Call Larry 
Stoffel in the Music Dept. (x43230) 
for additional information. 
Mandeville 8202. 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9 

5:30 p.m. - The Photographic 
Group at UCSD is meeting at 5:30 
in Room I03Mandevilletodiscuss 
our program for the new quarter. 
JOIN US! Free. 

6:30·8 p.m. - le bian and 
Bisexual Women's Support Group 
led by peer counselors Cheli. We're 

a weekly, confidential drop-in 
group for women interested in 
discussing personal concerns and 
ocial issues in a comfonable, 

supportive envirorunenl. For more 
information call David at 534-
3987. Women's Resource Center. 
Free. 

7-9p.m.-Opportunitie Abroad 
general info session. [nt'l Center 
Zonta Lounge. 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 10 

6:30-8 p.m. - Gay and Bisexual 
Men's Suppon Group, led by peer 
counselors Tony and Chau. We're 
a weekly. informal. confidential 
peer group for students who want 
to discuss issues and share 
concern . Come lend yoursupport! 
For more information call David 
at 534-3987. Mountain View 
Lounge (by tennis courts at Third 
College). 

HEALTH, FITNESS, AND 
RECREATION 

MONDAYTHROUGHRUDAY 

FITSTOP is up and running once 
again. Come on down to the 
Student Health Center (2nd floor) 
and make an appointment for your 
FREE fitness as essment today. 
Start thi quaner off on the right 
foot. Get a free valuation of your 
cardiovascular system, trength 
and flexibility . 

WEDNESDA Y, JANUARY 9 

5-7 p.m. - EAP/OAP returnee 
potluck for all returnees from 
programs abroad. International 
Center Dining Room. 

SERVICES AND WORK· 
SHOPS 

MONDAY, JANUARY 7 

2-4 p.m. - RESTRICTORS 
(RED) GROUP: A group 
prov iding support and exploration 
of self in the difficult journey to 
recovery an eating disorder where 
the pattern is restriction of intake 
offood. Leader: ReinaJ uarez, 534-
3875 (sign up). 2126 HSS. 

3-5 p.m. - ADULT CHlLDREN 
OF ALCOHOLICS PSYCHO-
EDUCATIONAL GROUP: 
Designed for students wanting to 
explore the effects of growing up 
in an alcoholic home. Call Lisa 
Hinz, 534-3755. 1003 GH. 

4-6 p.m. - SUPPORT GROUP 
FOR GRADUATE WOMEN: A 
supportive group for women 
sharing a path in common - that of 
graduate school. Led by Reina 
Juarez, 534-3975. Call for a 
preliminary appointment. 2126 
HSS. 

The UCSD Guardian 

4-5:30 p.m. ADULT 
CHlLDREN OF ALCOHOLICS, 
ADV ANCED GROUP: G,roup 
therapy for students who ~ up 
in an alcohol ic family environment. 
and wish to work on personalissucs' 
in a supportive and intemctive 
environment. Leader: Jeanne 
Manese, 534-3035. Mountain 
View Lounge. 

.,.~ 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 8~ 
2:30·4:30 p.m. - ' WOMEN 
MOLESTED AS CHILDREN 
(WMAC): A group for women who ' 
survived childhood at adolescent 
sex ual abuse by s(rangers , 
acquaintances, and/or family 
members. Call Usa Hinz, 534-
3755. Preliminary appointment 
necessary. ReveIJeFonna)Lounge. 

3-4:30 p.m. - RED I (RE~ 
COVERING FROM EATING 
DISORDERS): . A student 
work hop for becoming more 
aware of eating patterns. Habit-
breaking, self-esteem, assertion. 
other coping methods taught. 
Leaders: Reina Juarez, Nancy, 
Wahlig. Sign-up: :534-3875. 2126 

.. :.. .. , 

'.' 

buildin& 'si!~-esteeDl' increasmg .; 
aware~sS., etc. l.eader: Equilla'-
Luk~/31~-35~. P'reHminary 
appointinent necessary. 2l48·HSS. 

- '"., "" 
.1 -:.}' ,t-" 
1-~~O ' p.m. ~.~ WOMEN 
MOLES1ED ASC,HILDREN:For 
wi"!men who survived molestation 
i.tchiJdhood/adolcscence. Leaders: 
Mlriam IosupovJci and Karen 

CALENDAR. 20 

~gan . CalI '514-375S·. for . ap~intme~;l063 GH. ."' .. Dan Munoz and Equilla Luke, 534-
",,~. ..'",-!:.,:;;)755. Rev~lIe Formal "roy: ~~~c,e. 

2:30-3:50 p.m. - RED IT: For 4 6 ';:;-.,;.. -
students who' want to break. the - p.m. - CAMPU~ BL~~~ 
binge-purge cycle of B~limia. FQRUM: Informa~ dlscu.s-sloty 
Generally stusJents attend a RED I support group f~usmg on 'Issues, 
grQup as a first tep. Call Lisa Hinz co~em~, expe~ences that ~ect 

or~nCogail:534-3755formore the q~altty of life o~ the Afncan-
. 'c-' ' . ~ncan commumty at UCSD. l~lormat,on . Revelle Formal L 'd . Ph ') R hIE '11 
LOUnge. .{ . . . .ea ers. . I ap ae ~ . qU.1 a 
.;.,,~ . . Luke, ,534<3;755. Mountam Vie 

. ,',,,: .. 4:fio.6 p.llt AFRICAN- 0>un~:'~l~J\ . ':.;;~"' 
4-5:30 p.m. - -, YNI;>ER: /;,: AMERICJ\.N WOMEN ' S '" ''=:.'' ::~ ,.w'· 
HSS. " 

GRADUATE J; :I:fJERAPY' SUPPORT'GROUP; Informal ~!j~.C~LLANt:OUS 
GROUP: For ~ndergrllduate._ ,. diSous8~upmeetingweekly; '·· ," . .. , 
students who ~hadjodivid~al focusing . tin in intere.~.ts,,;·and _~.ONDA Y AND TUESD~ Y, 
counseling ari4 ~ now ready to concerns 'of AfriclUl~American :!. ~.NU~y 7 ~ 8 
explore issues:ill'i~roup context. women. ~l?4'tiliaLuke;?34- :~~"· ·~.~hl:· .. ,. ~. 
Lead.er:. EquiUa::~e, ·5~4-3.s85. . 3585/sign up. 2105 HSS. ~/ .' .. (:n:e ~~.~ .. Er-jSEMBLE 
Preliminary '~,\:appolOtroeot . ..," .. ~~. " .:~.:.:~Wlll ... :~?}~ ;: aU~ltl.ons for new 
necessary. 1003 r.n. .. ... . FRIDAY JANU' 'AR" v ll ", ,'~,:, -o:~: .... mU&letan~:·:.f~)I': Wmter Quarter. .....,":~ ,.. . ' •... <, nn.. ..... n ".' all . ti ualified ;:.~W .. ·~f~~';i.::;:: :::-~~lI1· . ~tJons orq 
4-6 p.m, - REt),.; III, (RE-·· i2.1:30 . p.~~ .. ~ ii$$~R..~ ·".:~·~~Si~ians r. C:all~S~o~el 
COVERING FROM:'\EAT~G . ' GRADUAT~ , .. : ~.~MEN'S .. ::,m·~;~IiSIC~t. forll1fonnat~on 
DISORDERS): For stUdents who GROlW:':nfS"~; " n ti ·.:~d ·limes . (x4~2~9)· ·MandevtUe 

. ' . " . . l .• 5'''''P WI c;x;"'~ on B202; ' ;'., '. . 
are beyond regular patterns 9f c(;mce(liL:':' comm~n amQDg:~'" " .::., "~ 
binging, dieting, ?r ~gi?g' but undetgIl,c;l.\J3.te w()men ' includili"g; :·.::: ' . . r? . . .;? . . 
d
WhO tant to conun~: thelT self- " telationship' 'issues, ' self-esteehl{ :>: ·h' " ........ : ...• :.4..~.~~~ .. :.~~.:.:"; .. : ...... : .: ..... . 
eve opment .throu~ .• : i.ncre~ed .!lssertiveDes~ lind, develop,ing:: ' - ·.t~;~ "... .~. ' .. 

levels of shanng aDj;I. tJ:\Ist. Slgn: -, . female identity. Leader. ~J:Iiiiz ,;<.:.,,~'::, . 
'534-2237 3247N' L' Bld'~v. , "A' ' ' .. , ":,. ,.,= .,-,.<.:, ' .. "S "':,,' 

up. . ,' ; ew It. 'l!' . 5~755. 1003 GH. · 'f::';_~2"':::;;' .. ;.:;;)~;-- .... , l}" .... ::. :.~,:. 
THURSDAY,JJt:*Y10 Y' 2:4' ~'~' :'¢_4~b~t~ '~':: ..... ' ·· ... :l .' . 

", . .,,:,~;.. SUBSTANCE ABUSE. GROUP: 
12-1:30 p.m. - PAN ASIAN Forstudentswho)lli$~question, 

CO~ FORUM: Drop:. : "~I'havea~lem?"SuPJ?Ortive . 
In group deSIgned to address end resourceful environment to ,.,' 
concerns of Asian/P~cific Islande:.~t<feXplo("e th.e above theme. Leaders: 
students at UCSD ID a problellf-" . ," ~.: ' ~ . 
solvingandsupportivea~:.e. ·' . ;:~". ., 
Leaders: Jeanne Manese arlI:J~ohn . ':J 
Wu, 534-3035. Mountain ~View. . " . " 
Lounge. ,;:'" .. -:" . 

.' ..... 

l''7'' 
1·2:30 p.m. - OVERCOMING ' 
COMPULSIVE EATINO:'.For 
women who habitually diet and 
binge. Focus on managing~stress, 

< 

.::,:~ 
!"~ •• , 

~~ .... 
A~ . 

..... "j • 

. :.~. 

'00' .. ' • • •••••• '0 

• '0' .. 

:~~:': '.:.~' ... . " , 

Monday, January 7,1991 

HOLIDAYS 
Continued from page 13 
Christmastime to be away from 
family," Michael Dabney, news 
media coordinator at Scripps Me-
morial Hospital in La Jolla, aid. 

Yet a festive atmosphere lifted 
pirits: the plaza area was deco-

rated with poinsettias and a Christ-
mas tree, and Scripps' Auxilliary 
selected Walt Whitman Elemen-
tary School to send students to 
carol around the hospital. 

Half a dozen physicians exhib-
ited their artwork at the hospital as 
well . 

This "prov ided patients another 
opportunity to get away from their 
medical condition. [It's] another 
outlet to pursue while in the hos-
pital," Dabney said. "Art is a way 
of cheering them up." 

Many patients enjoyed decora-
tions, music, and the spirit of the 
season, wbile others reflected on 
the greatest gift of all: life. 

A l6-year-old high school ath-
lete from San Marcos received a 
"first-of- its-kind" operation in 
whicb surgeons removed a portion 
of his hean to correct arrhythmia 
- an irregular heartbeat. 

Another 30 people suffering 
from arrhythmia gathered to tell 
their tales in a reunion. 

in another celebration of life, 
people wbo were formerly treated 
in Scripps trauma center were in-
vited to share their experiences of 
automobile accidents, head and 
orthopedic injuries, stabbings, and 
shootings. 

Rather than dwell on the dis-
tress and pain they suffered, the 
groups in these reunions celebratC?<! 
the fact that "they are very suc-
cessfully able to live normal lives," 
according to Dabney. 

One person who attended the 
trauma reunion was a La Jolla 
resident injured wbile bicycling . 

Dabney said, "When he stopped 
at a red light, the driver stabbed 
bim." 

Yet he "bad a dramatic turn-
around," said Dabney. "He was 
there recounting what happened 
and meeting others who had gone 
through the same surgery." 

Dabney summed up the re-
unions as a "bonding and cheering 
experience. " 

Warren student Pam Chueh, 
who was required to waitress on 
Christmas eve, agreed that spend-
ing time with family is the priority 
at Christmas. 

But as Chueh said, "Sometimes 
you don't have to be in a certain 
place to enjoy the holidays. It can 
be celebrated in the hean." 

If you know of . 
any person, Otp-

· nizations, or pr0-
gram you·would-
to See featured in 

*tbe (iua'rdian SUXh·1 
. ~y the Features. 

The UCSD Guardian FEATURES 21 

••••••••••••• • ••• 

• When You ~~ . • J . - . 
• Buy Any • • • • PIZZA ~. z • • .~~ • • ~' • • PASTA 'I.e~ • o't!.~ • or • • SANDWICH, • ~ . • • • • • We'll give you soup or salad • • • 
• and a beverage • As usual (wine & beer included) • 
.... r.uII'V' • flUYIIIT F RE E ! (save up to $3.30) • m youaHQI "-' • M· Th II om' "P'!' • f·Sot J J om-Mid Dine·," only (or rhL" SpL"Cbl offer 

• Sun J 1:30am' J lpm Plc.S<! prc>Cnl coupon when ordering ExpIres 1121/9 1 l~ 8873 Villa LaJolla Dr. !.ajal!:. Village Center ': 
455-0662 • 

• 
• • UC D's origillal Pizzeria Is slilltbe best! 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
• • 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
To better serve you, 

we are open extended hours 
during the beginning of the quarter. 

* • WINTER 1991 • 
EXTENDED HOURS 

• 
January 

2--4 7:30 am ~ 6pm 
5 9:30 am ~ 5pm 
7 

--

8 7:30 am ~ 9pm 
9 -- 10 7:30 am ~ 8 pm 

Regular Hours 
Mon # Fri 7:30 am # 6 pm LJr~SD I I I( II' .• I I II • I 
Sat 9:30 am # 5 pm 

WGM • AOIS • 1/4191 
....................................... ~~ ........................ . 

• 



22 SPORTS 

The Year in Review: 
Remembering 1990 
J UST IN CASE YOU FORGOT . .. Notre Dame nels numero uno. A teroid sprinter i 
stripped. Ram routed. Bronco 
bUSied. Back 10 back for the boy 
by the Bay. 

Locked up and locked ouI. 
Busted by a bullish Buster. 

Gathering the memories at 
midcourt. Davis delivers a deal 
for Oaktown. A terrific thirteen-
year old tennis star. A heartbreak 
for Hershiser. 

Unlocked. Move over 
Musberger. Runnin' Rebel 
romp. No el foldo for Faldo. 

Unbridled is unveiled. No 
Gretzky, bUI another great one 
for Edmonton. Women's tennis 
tripped up for the title. Women 's 
water polo rule the water. 

C AMEROON capture the hearts of the Cup. A Laker Lap e. 
The Blazers' barrage. The Bad 
Boy get even badder. 

A ninth for Navmtilova. West 
Germany win one for the world. 
Stmps for Stewart. leMond wins 
laTour ... agajn. No-no Nolan 
notches No.6, then o. 300. 
Sayonara for Steinbrenner. 

Roseanne 's raucus rendition. 
The pen for Pete. A feat for Fisk. 

Davis denies Oaktown; sign 
with Tinsletown. A generation of 
Griffeys. Mac attack in the 
Meadow. Sweet servin' Sampras. 
Atlanta lands the Games. . 

So long to the stadium on the 
Southside. Fifty for Fielder. Five 
downs for the Buffs. The Rocket 
Man shoots his mouth. WoeSOlt 
Bosolt. Chokeland Oakland. A 
very Nasty October. Broken 
down and out at the Breeders. A 
busted Buster. Wyche waves 
away the women. No Lisa 
around the lockers. 

S TRAWBERRY fields the blue . . . and the green. Number one 
knockouts. Another Laker lapse? 
Boston battles back. UnRapping 
a promising season. Women's 
volleyball snatches its siltth. 
Tagtiabue spells trouble for 
Tempe. A Copper controversy. 
Bad Moon risin' in Houston. 
Rams routed and routed and 
routed. Big bucks for Bud Black? 
Swapping stars in San Diego. 

All Tyed up. Runnin' Rebels 
still rompin'. A Davis for the 
democracy. The pitiful Patriots. 
The revamped Raiders. A Bell 
tolls in Chicago. No Butts about 
it. A surprising Cowboys 
comback. The wild and wacky 
wild cards. A two-minute Tyson 
tirade. The last days of a football 
coaching legend. 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 7,1991 

Tritons Tum 
Up the Heat in 
ToumeyWin 
• Men's basketball blows away the 
field in La Jolla Classic Tournament 
By EmIly RubIn 
Sraff Wmer 

"Intensity" was the main strength of the UCSD men's 
basketball team as it hosted and dominated the La Jolla 
Classic Basketball Toumamemlast weekend. 

The Tritons edged past Pomona-Pitzer 86-65 Friday 
night and defeated the University of La Verne 82-71 the 
following night in the championship game, capturing 
their third tournament of the season. 

Unlike the Triton Tip-Off Toumament in November, 
these victories were not last-second decisions. 

The Tritons' intensi ty, primarily on defense, made the 
difference between the hair raisers of the past and the 
blowouts of the present. 

UCSD upped its record to 1 I -3, one game better than 
last season's 10-4 mark at the same point in the season. 

In the final against La Verne, the Tritons' overall 
intensity simply wore down the Leopards. 

La Verne did manage to stay with the Tritons for the 
opening 20 minute, trailing by only seven at the inter-
mission. 

Rlmas UzglrlsiGuardian 
Senior guard Tim Rapp was named to the A 1/-Tournament team last weekend. 

The problem, for La Verne at least, was that UCSD 
maintained its intensity'throughout the second half. 

See M. HOOP, Page 23 

UCSD Opens ~ixed Bag of Presents 
• For men's basketball, not everything went 
according to plan in the season of giving 
By Les Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The holidays often aren ' t what 
they're cracked up to be. 

It's great when you get all those 
wonderful presents, eat more food 
than you really should, and sit 
around watching worthless college 
football games you could care less 
about. 

But on the down side, the holi-
days are also a time of continual 
indigestion (from that wonderful 

food you've just fmished eating), 
hanging out within-laws and other 
insufferable relatives, and return-
ing - orbuming- gifts you wish 
you 'd never received. 

The holiday season was just 
such a milted bag for the UCSD 
men's basketball team, as it split 
silt contests, and entered the new 
year at 9-3. 

The post-finals period began 
successfully for UCSD as it wal-
loped La Verne 103-72 on Decem-

Women's 
Hoop Dances 
WdhHuskies 
By Aaron Friedland 
GuBlrlsn Reporter 

The Universiry of Southern Maine wo-
men's basketball team came into Saturday's 
game against UCSD boasting a regional 
ranking and a pre-game warmup drill that 
looked like it was choreographed by Paula 
Abdul. 

The dance diva would have been proud of 
Southern Maine's intricately choreographed 
layup drill, but she would have cringed in 
horror if she had seen how the Huskies per-
formed when the curtain really went up. 

ber 12 at UCSD's Main Gym. The 
Tritons ' effort against tP~ leop-
ards was so impressi ve that UCSD 
Head Coach Tom Marshall called 
it the "best-executed game we've 
played this season." 

"We played solidly throughout 
both halves," Marshall said. "We 
shot well from the perimeter in the 
first half and when [La Verne] 
adjusted to that, we just established 
our inside game (in the second 
half)." 

The Tritons were led by senior 
guard Tim Rapp' s 26 points while 
Tom Shawcroft and Rick Batt 

added i 8 apiece. Shawcroft and 
Rapp were both red-hot from 19 '9" 
and beyond, as they canned eight 
out of nine three-pomt shots in the 
game. 

Unfortunately for the Tritons, 
the case of holiday indigestion 
came early as they proceeded to 
drop three out of their next four 
contests, including a particularly 
painful three-point home loss to 
Christian Heritage on December 
11. 

On December 15, UCSD trav-
eled north to The Master's College 

SeeHOUDAY, Page 23 

Defense Keys 
Tritons' 4-2 
Winter Break 
By HMther HoItzcIew 
AssoctBte Sports Editor . 

For the average UCSD student, winter 
break was a time for returning home, sleeping 
late, and leaving UCSD. But for the Triton 
women's basketball team. vacation was but a 
few brief breaks in between games and a 
borne tournament that brought UCSD to its 
cumnt record of 8-4, 

The winter games began when the Tritons 
traveling to Minnesota for a three-game se-
ries that resulted in two losses and one victory 
forUCSD. 

The real how was a dancer's nightmare as 
Southern Maine tripped and pushed itself into 
a 72-57 loss. 

Wbenit really counted, the Huskies looked 
See W. HOOP, Page 27 

R .... UzgIrteI~ 
Center Erica Scholl was determined not to let 
a few Huskies stand in her way to the basket. 

The Tritons notched an easy 14-5 I victory 
in theopeninJgameofthe bipagainst Hamline 
University. ''They threw in every defense ... 
and we bandIed it pretty easily." Head CoIcb 

See BREAK, Page 26 

Monday, January 7,1991 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 22 

The Leopards, who were 
undermanned with only eight 
dressed players. were noticeably 
tired after playing an exhausting 
man-to-man defense for the entire 
contest. 

UCSD, as was characteristic 
throughout this tournament, 
pounced on the Leopards in the 
opening millUtes of the second half 
with a 12-4 scoring run. 

Tournament MVP Gordon 
McNeill took advantage of con-
stant dOUble-teaming on senior 
guard Tim Rapp and keyed the run 
with several easy buckets en route 
to a team-high 21 points. 

Although UCSD had defeated 
the Leopards earlier this season, 
McNeill felt that this was more 
than just another game against La 
Verne. 

"We already faced two other 
schools twice, winning the first 
game and losing the second," he 
said. "We didn't want that to hap-
pen again." 

The Leopards were led by Andre 
Purry and Ross Wilkins, who com-
bined for 45 points and 13 re-

HOLIDAY 
Continued from page 22 
and was edged out 90-83 by what 
Marshall called a "very good N AlA 
tearn." 

"We went into that game know-
ing we had beaten them once al-
ready this season (in the champi-
onsrupoftheRedJandstoumament) 
and thought we were going to be 
really tested by them," Marshall 
said. 

The Tritons fell behind early, 
trajJjng by 12 at halftjme, and had 
really "psyched themselves out of 
the game" according to Marshall. 
UCSD came back to within a point 
ofthe Mustangs late in the second 
half but could never take the lead 
as the Mustangs pulled away to a 
seven-point final advantage. 

Rapp paced the Triton scoring 
attack with 32 points, but was only 
II of26 from the floor, exemplify-
ing the Tritons' rather frosty 43 
percent field goal shooting . 

bounds. Included among those 
were several electrifying dunks by 
Wilkins which caused a stir in the 
crowd. Still, the duo wasn't enough 
to overcorne the Tritons' steady 
offense. 

Rapp and senior guard Tom 
Shawcroft had 12 points apiece for 
the Tritons. as well as eight and II 
rebounds. respectively. 

Friday night's game against 
Pomona-Pitzer was a war of con-
ditioning as the somewhat stunned 
Sagehens wore down in the second 
half. 

The fust half was a defensive 
battle as UCSD and Pomona 
struggled to gain control offen-
sively. 

UCSD only managed to pull 
ahead in the closing minutes when 
Darvin Jackson, one of the three 
Tritons to make the Ail-Tourna-
ment team, banked in an off-bal-
ance three-pointer with no time 
remaining in the half, putting 
UCSD up 33-30. 

The Sagehens, led by William 
Cover's 21 points, could not keep 
up with the Tritons' tight defense 
in the second half. 

Cover, who also received AlI-
Tournament honors, provided a 

Shawcroft threw in 21 point of his 
own against the Mustangs, includ-
ing four of seven shooting from 
three-point range. 

Perhaps the Tritons' mo t bitter 
holiday los came at home two 
days later against Christian Heri-
tage, as UCSD dropped its first 
home contest since the middle of 
last season, 77-74. 

Marshall was particularly un-
happy with hjs team 's effort against 
the Hawks and described it as "a 
poor, sloppy, unfocused effort ... 
we completely lacked defensive 
intensity. " 

Off-guard Vemaldo Butler led 
the Hawks with 26 points, 15 of 
which he scored in the last ten 
minutes of the contest. 

"We should never let him (But-
ler), or anyone, score on us like 
that," Marshall said. 

Shawcroft broke the 20-point 
barrier for the second consecutive 
contest, scoring a team-high 25 
points while the Hawks limited 

Chi Omega ... 
It's Red Hot! 

Chi Omega is the nation's largest sorority! 

Join Us! 
Chi Omega will be starting a new chapter at UCSO. An 
Infonnational meeting wUJ be held on Thunday, January 
10th, at 7:00 p.m. In the snail ballroom of the Price 
Center. For further tnfonnatton contact the office of 
Student ActMties. 

The UCSD Guardian 

spark for Pomona-Pitzer, but 
UCSD, keyed by its bench, smoth-
ered any hopes of a fiery come-
back with a 16-5 run to open the 
second half. 

Rapp led all UCSD players with 
29 points. He was named to the 
All-Tournament team for the sec-
ond year in a row, as was McNeill , 
who finished with 10 poims and 
six rebounds. 

Junior Rick Ban provided II 
points and seven rebounds . 

Head Coach Tom Marshall 
credited his team for its tenacious 
defense. 

"They learned that they had to 
up their level of intensiry," he said. 

.. At the beginning of the season 
we had periods of intensity which 
lasted maybe five to \0 minute at 
a time; now we are improving by 
buildjng up to 15 minutes [of in-
tense play each half) ." 

This level of intensiry will be a 
major factor when UCSD travels 
to Pomona-Pitzer on Friday. 

SPORTS 23 

"If we can sustain a trong level 
of intensity for 18 out of the 20 
minutes we are on the court each 
half, we will be prepared for the 
game and the [rest ofthel season," 
Marshall said. 

Rlmas UzglrislGuardian 
A 11-Tourney selection Darvin Jackson slices through the lane. 

Rapp to 15 points on silt of 19 increasing UCSD's chances of 
shooting. getting one of the two highly-cov-

UCSD rebounded strongly eled NCAA western section 
against its nextopponent,RedJands, postseason berth . 
as it pasted the Bulldogs 114-91 Three days after Christma , 
five days later. UCSD traveled to the great north-

"We came out really focused west to face the Division I Pac- IO 
against them and were determined Washington State Cougars, losing 
not to play like we did agajn t 103-78. 
ChristianHeritage,"Mar hall aid. Despite the apparent lopsided-

The Tritons out-ran the Loyola- ness of the game, Marshall was 
Marymount-styled Redlands of- very pleased with the performance 
fense and effectively forced the of Gordon McNeill and Rick Ball 
Bulldogs into taking even worse and stated, if given the choice, he 
shots than they nonnally would would prefeno have "McNeill and 
have. Rick Batt nabbed scoring Batt over the Cougars ' forwards 
honors with 23 while Rapp added any day." 
21 more points to an already im- The Tritons were unable to 
pressive career scoring total. match the guard play of the Cou-

Marshall also indicated that the gars, as Washington State's start-
victory was additionally important ing backcourt outscored UCSD's 
for his team because Redlands' 64-35, which proved to be the dif-
head coach is the regional repre- ference in the game. 
sentati ve to the NCAA Division ill Rapp led the Tritons once again 
tournament selection comminee. with 20, and McNeill added 12 

The impressive showing by the points while pulling down 8 boards. 
Tritons went a long way toward UCSD closed out the holiday 

Do You 
Have Asthma? 
Volunteers 18 years of age and older, who take regular 
asthma medication and are otherwise in good health 
are needed to help evaluate medication which may be 
of benefit for asthma. 

Those who qualify will be compenSated for their par-
tidpation. For further information contact uuren at 
292-"44. 

Allergy & Asthma Medical Group 
& Research Center 

3444 KEARNY VILLA ROAD, SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92123 

season with a 109-97 home victory 
last Wednesday ver us Nazareth 
College (NY) - who came into 
the game ranked thirteenth in Di-
vision ill and had posted early-
season wins overtop-ten opponent 
Scranton (PA) and defending na-
tional champion Rochester (NY). 

In addition to getting a feather 
in their cap for knocking off a 
highly-regarded opponent, the 
Tritons defeated a school whose 
athletic director is the cha irman of 
Ihe NCAA Division III post eason 
tournament seleclion committee. 

"Impressing people in that po-
sition can only help us (get!;elected 
to play in the NCAA tournament) 
at the end of the regular season," 
Marshall said. 

The Tritons held Nazareth' s 
leading scorer Darrin Peterson to 
17 points on six of 17 shooting -
eight points below hi s season av-
erage. Rapp led the way again for 
UCSD as canned 30 points and 
was II of 20 from the floor. 

THIS AD 
SPACE FOR 

SALE. 
UCSD Guardian Advertising 

(619)534,3466 
.. 



24 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT 
UCSDI Jewish Campus Centers 
provides warmth , education. 
prayer, socializing. Connect with 
Union of Jewish Students I 502 
Matthews; east of the Price Cen-
ter. Call Rabbi Slotnick, 534-2521 . 
(1n-3/15) 

INSURANCE - LOW INSUR-
ANCE RATES FOR UCSD 
STUDENTS FOR AUTO AND 
MOTORCYCLE. CALL Jessica, 
800-457-1234,9-5 (1112-1/9) 

AGAPE BOOKSTORE - Chris-
tian books, Bibles. gifts, cards. 
music, church supplies. Ask about 
student discounts with Guardian 
ad. 6904 Miramar Rd .• #21 O. 586-
7818. (11/26-1/11) 

Concerned about cults? Need to 
know more? The Cult Awareness 
Network is available to answer 
your questions. Call (312) 267-
7n7,orwriteCAN ,2421 W. Pratt 
Blvd., Ste. 1173, Chicago. III. 
60645. Message sponsored by 
United Campus Ministry - 534-
2521. (117-1/14) 

Fifth College Commuter Student 
Association meets Thursday, 11 
10. at 11 :00 in the Provost's. (11 
7) 

Best Fundraiser on Campus I Is 
your fraternity. sorority. or club 
interested in earning $500.00 to 
$1.000 for a on- week, on-cam-
pus marketing project? You must 
be well organized and hard work-
ing. Call Lena at (800) 592-2121 , 
ext. 115. (117) 

Join the army, see the world. 
meet interesting people. and kill 
them. (117-1/14) 

MIDWEST LEGAL PLAN MEM-
BERS now accepted by experi-
enced North County Attorney 
Jerry W. Nicholas. 747-0423. (I I 
7-1 /10) 

"You can no more win a war than 
you can win an earthquake. " 
Jeannette Rankin (1880-1973) (II 
7-1 /14) 

Employment Overseas (Sing-
apore & Others). Free Details. 
Write to : ISMUHA, Robinson 
Road P.O. Box 0801 . Singapore. 
(117 -1/17) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only). $3for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue. and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolo/la, CA92093-03J6.Actual address: StudentCenterA, topfloor. 

I 

Are you allergic to pollens. dogs. 
cats. or dust? NEEDED NOW: 
People 18 or older with allergies 
or hay-fever or atopic asthma for 
a brief study of a new. very long-
lasting and safe allergy medica-
tion. U.S. Food and Drug Admin. 
approved study. COMPENSA-
TION PLUS FREE TREATMENT. 
Phone 619/457 -3270 or visit clinic 
9834 Genesee, Suite 400. la 
Jolla for free screening test to 
indicate degree of allergy. (117) 
UJS Shabbat Dinner Friday. 
January 11 . 6 p.m. - Mandeville 
Suite (11th Floor Tioga) Cost: 
$3.95 to Jewish Campus Centers, 
(502 Matthews) by Wedensday 
January 9. Info. on Jewish 
Events? Cali 534-62441 (117) 

SERVICES 
Olga Barl - Electrologist: 1 200 
to 1500 hairs per hour. 3256 
Holiday Court. Student discounts. 
558-4644/226-1962. (9/24-1114) 
WORD PROCESSING, 4.0 En-
glish Skills, term papers. experi-
enced dissertations, 7 -day week, 
rush jobs references 755-2683. 
(1 1/19-1 /11 ) 
PAPERS TYPED, lASER 
PRINTER. Term papers, theses. 
dissertations ; fast , accurate, 
reasonable. 270-9416. (11/28-11 
22) 
TYPING - PROOFREADING 
-EDITING Term papers. MAs, 
Ph.D.s, legal . and Medical . 
RUSH JOBS. Call MARIE. 931-
9596. (11130-117) 

Term Papers , MAs. Ph.D,s. le-
gal. and Medical. RUSH JOBS. 
Call MARIE -931-9596. (117-1/ 
10) 

The Resume Doctors. Profes-
sionally trained consultants help 
develop the best presentation of 
your skills and achievements. 
Consultation and Resume De-
sign. Laser Printing. Cover Let-
ters. Stationery. Mailing Service. 
Call to set an appointment today I 
438-n64 ('17) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word Processing 
with editing for reports. manu-
scripts. resumes, dissertations 
and letters. Student Rates. Mo-
dem. Laser printer. 9-7 Mon.-Fri. 
Weekend appointments. 753-
5964. 1521 SummitAve .• Cardiff. 
(117) 

Burke Secretarial - Word Pro-
cessing.IBMlMacintoshsystems. 
AP Nrush jobs specialty -spelling 
corrected. Hillcrest 296-6960. (1/ 
7) 
TUTORING - Math, Physics, 
Engineering. Computer Pro-
gramming. Mark 221 -7176. (117) 

WANTED 
Addressers wanted Immedl· 
ately! No experience necessary. 
Excellent payl Work at home. 
Call toll-free: 1-800-395-3283. 
(11/2-1/11 ) 
SECRETARYILAW CLERK -
Heavy filing . copying. and 
phones. Good typing skills re-
quired. $5.35 per hour. La Jolla 
Shores. Call 459-4118 ask for 
Noelle or Joanne. (11 /26-1/11) 

MU I R House Advisor applications 
available through 1/23. Referral 
#3462. Mandatory meeting: 1/10 
or 1/23. Call 534-4200. (117-11 
22) 

Serious Entrepreneurial oppor-
tunity with financial freedom 
available. Ambitious individuals 
call 271-4940 or 496-3325 for 
information. (11/28-214) 

LA Agent with office in San Diego 
is now seeklng new talent for 
upcoming commercial . movie. 
and print work. No portfolio or 
resume needed. For more infor-
mation call 291-3238. (117) 

SUMMER JOB. Counselors/ 
Summer childrens camps/north-
east-top salary. rm!bd!laundry. 
travel allowance. Must have skill 
in one of the following activities: 
archery, crafts. baseball , bas-
ketball . bicycling. dance. drama. 
drums. fencing. football . golf. 
guitar , gymnastics. hockey. 
horseback-English. juggling. ka-
rate. lacrosse. nature. photogra-
phy. piano. rocketry. rollerblading. 
ropes . sailboarding . sailing. 
scuba. soccer. track. waterski. 
weights. wood. Men call or write: 
Camp Winadu. 5 Glen Lane. 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543 (914) 
381 -5983. Women call or write : 
Camp Vega. P.O. box 1771 , 
Duxbury. MA. 02332 (617) 934-
6536. (117) 

Phenominal business opportunity 
available for motivated people 
who want to change their lives. 
Call : 475-3288. (117) . 

The Community Service Officer 
Program is hiring 12-15 students 
this quarter. Pick up referral and 
application at Career Center. Tum 
in application and referral to the 
Police Department no later than 
Thursday. January 17 at 3 p.m. 
Must be available for service 
through Winter Quarter 1992. If 
you have any questions. please 
call Beth 534-9255. (117-1/17) 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS WHAT'S YOUR 
_ •• at (FrI?e consu/Jal/on and tnflla/ITNInI/!?I1 15 min. S20 w/ue. Fm/·llme cltenu only)" 

Eyelrows 

UppIrUp 

C/1n 

Undntms 

1!lelSt 

Stomldl 

Bidnilr1e 
..... 

legs 
Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Half Removal 

• American M<!dical A.ssociat.ion 
approved mt!thocls for problem 
clSes and sensitive skin 

• Medical and cosmetic electrolysis 
for men and women 

• Female suIT. Slate lic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LAJoD. VUIIIg~ Prof~$$toruJl CArlIn- Behind Elephant Bar 
8950 Villa La Jo/Ia Dr. Sle. 2121 

Tell the 
UCSD 

oocnnwnity 
byplaclaaa 
display ad in 
theOuardian. 

lfyouaaw 
this, 10 did • 
lot of them. 

UCSD GuaadIan 
ADVDl1S1NG 

(619)534-3466 
FAX 534-1691 

Monday, January 7,1991 

SUMMER JOBS (WSI) - sum-
mer childrens camps-northeast-
men and women who can teach 
children to swim, swim team. 
beautiful pool and lakes in the 
northeast. Good salary. room & 
board. travel expense. Men call 
or write: Camp Winadu. 5 Glen 
Lane. Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543 
(914) 381-5983. Women call or 
write: Camp Vega. P.O. Box 1 771. 
Duxbury, MA. 02332 (617) 934-
6536. (117-2/7) 

MUIR House Advisor applica-
tions : available with referral 
#3462. Mandatory meeting: 1/10 
or 1/23. Info: Cali 534-4200. (1ft-
1122) 

WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will 
pay you to lose 10-29 Ibs in 30 
days. 1-800-347-7584. (117-1/14) 

JOB OPENING to care for 3 & 1 
yr. olds in my home 2 days/wk. 
own trans .• 456-1322, (117-1/14) 

SUMMER JOB. Tennis Jobs-
summer childrens camps-north-
east-men and women who can 
teach children in the northeast. 
Good salary. room & board. travel 
expense. Women call or write: 
Camp Vega. P.O. Box 1771 . 
Duxbury. MA. 02332 (617) 934-
6536. Men call or write : Camp 
Winadu. 5 Glen lane. 
Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543 (914) 
381-5983. (117-217) 

FOR SALE 
SOUNDSTREAM 10 in. Refer-
ence Subwoofer: 200-watts-rms 
handling. Best auto subwoofer 
available. Almost new. $135.546-
0450. (11130-1/9) 
MUST SELL! IBM Compatible 
Computer w/ printer. $900 o.b.o. 
Call Song 792-8493. (117-1/14) 
1980 Toyota Corolla. AUTO. 2dr 
hatchback. Good running condi-
tioo. new brakes, muffler. good 
tires. Only 105k miles. Only 
$1 .300. Call Frank 632-8272. (11 
7-1/10) 
Sports minded! Get in shape with 
an almost new Alta variable re-
sistance stepper for $100 or a 
very cool tourquoise ladies 
Mongoose bike for $300. Prices 
are neg. Jennifer 488-5225. (117) 
FOR SALE: 4br/2ba Condo near 
UCSD. $215.9k. Two pools. pri-
vate patio. On greenbelt. Cheer-
ful. 452-7274. (117) 

knl~· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

OPEN 24 
HOURS 
457-3775 

Pacific Beach 
1834 Garnet Avenue 

nar Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Monday, January 7,1991 

SCUBA WETSUIT: Men's me-
dium.jacket, Farmer Johns. Hood. 
Old but new condition $100.458-
9867. (117-1/10) 

FUTONS BY WEIGHT. Califomia 
Administrative Code-Title 4 
Chapter 3. Article 2. Section 112G. 
D-tO-requires a futon's filling net 
weight be known. We add ticking 
(natural) and sell futons for $1.40/ 
pound. (Gross weight on our 
sealed Detecto scale.) An 8" 
queen. 70 pounds. 6 layers, is 
$98. The number of layers in a 
futon is hogwaSh. Always know 
the weight to compare shop and 
be sure. For polycore add $22 
($210). Roth's Warehouse, 4807-
F Mercury Street. Thursdays. 12-
7p.m.; Frid3Ys, 12-6p.m .• Satur-
days. 10a.m.-5p.m .• Sundays. 
lla.m.-4p.m.292-4673. (117-2125) 

Telephone answering machine just 
ten bucks; bathroC'm scale for five. 
792-5870. (117) 
LSAT Study Guides available at 
Revelle Bargain Books: ARCO. 
Cliff's. Princeton Review. (117-1/ 
10) 
5 great bookcases. Custom-made 
oak. like new. $150 each o.b.o. 
459-7104. (117-1/14) 

HOUSING 
Roommate needed, own room with 
bath. Spacious. sunny. new apart-
ment. $390/mo. plus 1/2 utilities. 
270-4187. (11126-1/9) 
La Jolla Colony - Female wanted. 
Own room , partially lurnished. 
Available December. $380/mo. plus 
1/3 utilities. Contact Diana 558-
2081. (11 /28-117) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Come and enjoy living at fun and 
relaxing North Mission Beach es-
pecially after a day of studying. 
Available 1-2-3 bedroom apart-
ments either oceanfront or one-
block tothe beach or bay. All comes 
with parking $525 to $1 ,000 per 
month. Call 483-3534 for appoint-
ment. (11 /30-1/14) 

Own room in nice 4 bedroom Uni-
versity City house with fireplace 
and large backyard. Great location 
only 8 minutes from UCSD. Rent is 
only $345 and includes utilities and 
laundry. Looking for mature. re-
sponsible roommate. Sorry, no 
drugs. pets, or smokers . Contact 
John 453-71 59. (117-1 /10) 

Del Mar Condo, 2 br/2ba, furnished, 
pool. spa, utilities, beach. $425 first. 
$850 thereaf1er. 931 -6977. (117-2/ 
25) 

Room for rent. $295/month. Kitchen 
Privileges. Inc. utilities-755-7230. 
Nearbeach - Solana Beach. (117) 

Free room and board in exchange 
for part time childcare. Eves, week-
ends. Walk to UCSD. 453-2003. 
(117-1110) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Men 's gold necklace w/ 
inscription (BRAD), at Chargerfield, 
Mon. Nov. 19. Call 481 -9255.-
Reward! - (11128-117) 

PERSONALS 
Are you paying more than 5 cents 
per gallon for your drinking water? 
Call (619) 259-9086 for drinking 
water at only 3 cents per gallon. 
(11 /9,1/9) 

University of California ~ Education Abroad Program 
CONSIDER __________ ~ 

STUDYING ABROAD 
AuHralla. A ... tri .. B ... zII. Caaada, Cb.In.o, Coeta Rica. Derunark, Ecuador, 
EIYJ>t, rr.u.e.. 0eraaJ>y, 0 ....... Boac Ko .... B........,.. lDdl .. Iodo.....u.. 

lrelaDd, Iarael, ItaI,. "apaD. Kalya, Korea, __ • New ZeaIaDd.. Norway. 
Port ....... SpaID, 8_ ... Tal ....... TlWlaDcI, TolJO. 

\he UaI ..... K1qdo-. or Ihoo USSR. 

TIle uc &JucatfDn Alwood I'nI(jnun /ICtU'J cuul tile VCSD Opportunltfa 
Abroad Provam (OAPJ qffer 1.CWIil. JI!IIJi;. 1DII!d and InCCrnlhfD 

opportunIties In thae and mllllM otMr COUIltrfa. 
AppIIcatfGn Dead.l1na anr -. 

Important Information 
Session on EAP & OAP 
With slides, and returnees ~ answer questions 

OEarn Academic Credit 
oFinancial Aid. Available 
OEAP Scholarships 

Wednesday Jan. 9, 7 pm 
International Center Lounge 

For more information call 534-1123 

S t I I ( I \ : \ I ) I II, \ d I () I .l t ( • I III () r \ T.l I () 11 [ .:;\ J> 

Scholarship Funds Available 
for UC Minority Students 
\\/110'.) 

II () \\ .J 

Financially disadvantaged and minority studen!.! who 
meet the minimum requirancnlS and are selected to 
study on the Education Abroad PTOgram.(EAP). 

£AP RequUes: 
,.. J .Oa..llb",GPA 

>- JUNOf ...... by~(ftoeprcr 
............... ) 

>- _01"'~BAP_ 
c.-

> ~C;rArrr,:'-'PIPC(U1aWl'" 

5\00 to S2.000 scholanhips made available by the 
£AI'. These scholanhips may supplement your 
e.illing fllWlCw lid packqe. 

In any of 85 host inIlilUUons in 33 counuies 
worldwide. 

Application deadline. m in Janull)'. but it '. never to 
earty to plan for your ' lUdies Ibroad. 

For scholarship information and program details. 
contact)'Ollr campus EAr Orrtee It: 

Study Abroad in 
Scandinavia 

Year Programs: Denmark. Norway. Sweden 
Summ r Language Program: Denmark 

NOW is the time to 
START 

. 

PLANNING .~ 
your 00 
studies 
abroad! 

Deadline 
January 25th 

For information contact: 

Opportunities Abroad Office. International Center. tel. 534-1123 

you~ best year at UC 

could be spent in the Pacific. 
Australia A Canada· ... China· ... Costa Rica* ... 
Hong Kong* .. Indonesia" ... Japan* ... Korea" ... 

Mexico" A New Zealand ... Peru· 
Taiwan" ... Thailand" 

* Special scholarships available 

Contact your campus EAP office 

CLASSIFIEDS 25 

A career in Student Affairs? Hear 
and inquire the UCSD Profession-
als. Noon 1/10/91 . Gallery A, Price 
Center. (117-1/10) 
·You can't say civilization doesn't 
advance ... in every war they kill 
you in a new way." Will Rogers 
(1879-1935) (117-1/14) 
EAP/OAP GENERAL INFO. SES-
SIONI Slide show. meet with re-
turnees: Wednesday. 1/9,7-9 p.m. 
International Center Lounge. (117) 
A career in Student AffairS? Hear 
and inquire the UCSD Profession-
als. Noon, 1/10/91 , Gallery A, Price 
Center. (117-1/10) 
Monday night dinner is back to-
night at 6. Don't miss the bus! (117) 
BETA RUSH. BETA RUSH. BETA 
THETA PI RUSH COMING NEXT 
WEEK. WATCH FOR DETAilS. 
( 117) 

PAID INTERNSHIPS! 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/ Interviews be-
Ing taken now for the best 
summer business internship 
you can find. Earn $6-
$12,000+ while managing 
your branch of UNIVERSITY 
PAINTING PROFESSIONALS 
during summer 1991. 

Call1-8()()'KAll-UPP today. 

III III. 111. III 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most docloral studenls (64-91%), after 
completing their course woil!, remain With 
a dissertation pending completIOn Indefl· 
nitely. Among these ABDs (A1I·B:'Hhe· 
Dissertation) are generally found the 
brightest and most creative candidates. 
AddreSSing those elemenls InVolved In de· 
laYing completion. the wOil!shop gUides 
partICipants, Irom beginning to IOIlOWlng 
through and completion, particula rly after 
years ollnactlVll)I and regardless of where 
they are In the process. 

Workshop informalion 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

111 ••••• 



26 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

BREAK 
Continued from page 22 
Judy Malone said. 

Sophomore Lisa Beaver and 
junior Kathleen Alvarez led UCSD 
in scoring with 14 and I3 points 
respectively. 

UCSD traveled next to Bethel 
College and the College of St. 
Thomas for the final two games of 
the road trip. The Tritons faced 
tough competition both nights, 
re ulling in a pair of losses. 

"Schools in Minnesota are 
tough," Malone explained. 

"[Bethel) played real tight de-
fense. We weren't in synch yet 
offensively," she added. 

UCSD couldn't overcome re-
pealed turnovers and Bethel's fast 
break en route to the 69-47 loss. 

The real tesl for the Tritons' 
morale came in the form of five SI. 
Thoma uniforms, which had little 
trouble shutting down UCSD 74-
49. 

"We didn' I get into our offense 
inMinne ota," Malone said. "Their 
defense was a good as ours." 

breaks and points. Beaver and jun-
ior Carl Young were credited with 
good defensive performances. 

Following the Minnesota jour-
ney, the Tritons took a brief hiatus 
for the holidays and returned 10 
host, and finish second, in the 
UCSD Tournament, which fea-
tured several top Division III 
schools from throughout the na-
tion. 

UCSDcruisedtovictoryagainst 
Wheaton College 59-45 in the 
Tritons' tournament opener. 

Beaver and Young led UCSD 
in scoring and rebounds, combin-
ing for 32 points and 25 rebounds. 

The Tritons vaulted through the 
second round as well, with a 66-50 
win over University of Scranton. 

"Our defense [was] really awe-
some," Malone aid. She attrib-
uted much of the 66-50 victory to 
"a real tight defense." 

"We played an aggressive man-
to-man to take them out of their 
rhythm offensively," she said. 

Young led the Tritons with a 
total of20 point and 14 rebounds, 
while Beaver added 16 points and 
II rebounds of her own. 

Rima. UzglrlSiGuardian 
The Tritons shot to an 8-4 record with four wins over the break. 

Malone noted that the Tritons 
had 36 turnovers that night which 
led to everal St. Thomas fast 

In the loumament' champion-
hip game, the Tritons ' fate was 

,(iG1'sh 
V~\~pdid·' .f0'r~~DUr 

" '~t:8>01' " '0' . . \ .. . ks' /'~ . 0(. "' .. . .. ... ~. J~ 
'. . .......;; ::. ~ .. . 

• 

." 
p 

u ¢' d u 

Winter 1991 
Opening Buyback 

J Bring your 
textbooks· to the 
tent in front of the 
UCSD Bookstore 

and receive cashl 

January 9 - 11 
Wednesday - Friday 

9am-4pm 
.. 

p p d u u 

·Current editions 
only l-.-J[ ~I ) 

I , II II I. II I 

534 - READ 

Monday, January 7, 1991 

once again in the hands of SI. Tho-
mas, ranked third in the nation in 
Division ill in the preseason. 

Similar to the defeat of two 
weeks prior, UCSD was walloped 
by St. Thomas, 64-34. 

Intimidated by a roster that 
boasts several six-footers, two 
"legitimate Division I players," and 
potential blocked shots at every 
tum, UCSD "couldn't connect," 
according to Malone. 

Still, UCSD played its charac-
teristically tough defense , holding 
the Tommies, who had averaged 
approximately 90 points in the 
preceding tournament games, to 
64 points. 

"No one else could hold them," 
Malone said. 

"1t was a good tournament with 
good inter-region matchups," she 
added. "To come in second was a 
real good finish." 

In the tournament final, Bea-
ver, who was the only Triton to 
eam All-Tournament honors, led 
UCSD with 12 points, followed by 
Alvarez who added nine. 

Earlier this month, the Tritons 
defeated Nazareth College, 73-70. 

According to Malone, during 
the fast-paced game that took its 
toll on the outside shooters, the 
Tritons opted to force the ball in-
side and rei yon inside powerhouses 
Beaver and Young. 

And the inside game didn't let 
the Tritons down. Beaver con-
nected on 13 of 24 shots and added 
four free throws to rake in 30 of 
UCSD's 73 points. Young added 
14 points. 

The lead traded hands several 
times during the game, but the Tri-
tons overcame a slight "dry-spell 
and held on to win," Malone said. 

UCSDwas 71-70 in the final 20 
seconds when Molly Jonnum was 
fouled and put the game away with 
two free throws . 

"We're playing well now," 
Malone said. "The last two wins 
have been against very good 
teams." 

- THE AWARD-WINNING -

UCSD 
GUARDIAN 

COVERING 
THE CAMPUS 

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENING 
SPECIAL 

2.9¢ per copy 
unlimiled ,20 lb. Wh 

't !-I---+ 
S 
D 
~1"P-~~r---~~tI 

UTe 
9360 Towne Centre Dr. S(e, 130 

San Diego, CA 92121 
554-1200 

Good """ 1131/91 

Monday, January 7,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

W.HOOP 
Continued from page 22 
more like Roseanne Barr in tights. 

The Tritons (8-4) took a few 
minutc to get tarted before 
urging out to a 16-11 lead. From 

there, they never looked back. 
The Tritons' offen e ran circles 

around the plodding Huskies . 
UCSD point guard Kathleen 
Alvarez consistently got the ball 
inside to forward Cari Young and 
6'2" center Lisa Beaver. 

Young and Beaver either made 
trong moves to Ihe ba ket or 

whipped the ball back outside to an 
open perimeter shooter, as UCSD 
bombed away at a 54 percent first-
half clip. 

Alvarez cored 13 point , 
mo Ily from the outside, to accom-
pany her five assist . 

The Tri tons' reserve center 
Erica Scholl noted that the Triton 
"shots were on, especially in the 
fir I half, which opened it up under 
the ba kel." 

By contrast, Southem Maine 
hot a pallry 36 percent in the first 

half. 
Powered by Young and Beaver, 

who combined for41 of the team's 
72 points, the Triton took a com-
fortable 37-28 lead al halftime. 

Young also added even re-
bounds. Senior center Bernadene 
Diepenbrock led UCSD with 10, 
including even off the defensive 
boards, 

SPORTS 27 

"We played a tough Illan-to-
man defense that really took them 
out of their offense," Head Coach 
Judy Malone said. 

She anributed Ihe team's suc-
ce to thefactthat As istant Coach 
Jim Mottershaw had been working 
with the team on its defensive tac-
tics earlier in the week. 

Saturday, the Tritons depended 
on quick rotalions and help near 
the basket to stifle the brick-laying 
Huskies. 

UCSD really blew the game 
open in the middle of the second 
half, outscoring Ihe Huskies 17-7 
in one stretch, and opening up a 
19-point lead. 

Defensively, the Triton man-
handled the Huskies' main offen-
si ve Ihreat, Laura Pata, holding her 
to five of 15 shooting from the 
field . 

Pata led Southern Maine with 
19 points. 

Malonecreditedjunior forward 
Molly lonnum, among others, for 
shutting Pata down. 

Malone explained that she tried 
to keep someone quick on Pata the 
entire game. 

Jonnum also found time to come 
away with seven rebounds and dish 
out a team-high six assists. 

"This was a team effort . Lisa 
(Beaver) needed good passe~ to 
core inside, Defense is the team 's 

forte, which means everyone on 
the court ha ' to play together," 
Malone said. 

Rim •• UzglrlslGuardian 
Senior forward Bernadette Diepenbrock takes advantage of a Southern Maine defender Saturday. 

UCSD dominated the second-
half with a stingy defense, holding 
Southern Maine to I I of 36 field 
goals . 

The Trilons will hosl Azu a Pa-
cific Univer ity on Thursday and 
Point Lorna Nazarene on Satur-
day. 

• 

~ .. -----------------------------.--------.~~~, 

With Access Checking lrom the UCSD Student Credit Union, you won't be nickeled 
Ind dlmed to delth. Unlike other accounll thlt ding you I dollar here and there, 
Access Checking hal no hidden COlli. With Ilow minimum balance, your 
Iccount II FREEl If you do occ.lonilly 1111 below the minimum, you'll only be 
chlrged $4, (Unless you really IIU below Ind overdraw your accountl) 

., 

-

Drlr AeellSS Cheekln, Account Futures: 
• No service lee with $400 or mare 
• Elm dividends on bllince 01 $600 or more 
• NO PER CHECK CHARGE 
• FREE ATM card 
• FREE ATM accealt aU STAR System (R) ATMs 
• FREE overdraft protecUon (upon Ippronl) 
• FREE 2' hour Iccount accea by phone 

Come in between classes and talk to 

.,,*," 

I• UCSD STUDENT II CREDIT UNION 
A .. "Ie. D' ASUCSO 
LDal,d In Ib, ,Id SIut/1n1 C,nlBr 1",,11,. 11111U&11,. 'lid 

1III'ImIIIIII C."IBr. 463-5195 
Rita I. F ...... Mj.a .. CIIa ... 

Willllll Prier IoIIcs 

I 

AMAZINGlY lOW lur flUll1 

Hurry. sole ends 1/13/91 

• YUARNET 
Special assortment of world 
famous PX 2(xx), SKILYNX, 
NAUTILUX, and PXSOOJ lenses, 
Perfect for skiing and active 
sports. Reg. from $75-$105. 

• SUNCLOUD 
Great selection of Rose and 
Amber lenses for superb 
protection In all weather 
conditions. Chosen by the most 
serious sports enthusiasts around 
the world. Reg. from $70-$98. 

w-tpadfi, ~ye~ & T's 
The Sunglass Leader 

LA JOLLA VILlAGE SQUARE • 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DRIVE #401 . 535-0365 

-, 



28 The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 7,1991 

ream Track a Field Make. 1M Debut 
OK, OK,let's e ifw 've got this straight. 

UCSD Intramural ports offers a bunch of 
team sport activities called Team This-N-
That. There's Team Tennis (Fall Quarter), 
Team Bowling(WinterQuarter), and Team 
Badminton (Spring Quarter). They're all 
pretty popular. Have been for y ars. 

And now you say you've got another one. 
Brand new, ou~-()f-the-box . Somethi ngcalled 
Team Track & Field. C'mong treal! You're 
kidding aren't you? 

Uh ... ahem. We're afraid not. It's true. 
Th intramural sportofyes ... Team Track 

& Field really will be making its debut this 
quarter along ideall of your other favorites. 

week. 0 each week for the most part, you'll 
be competing in a different set of events. 

Each learn member will compete in at 
least two events every week, but can com-
pete in as many events as he or she wants. 

That's really all there is to it. 
The team scoring is unique, and a little 

confusing, so w won't bore you here with 
the details. But, for many of you 1M sports 
junkies, the scoring system will definitely 
create very strategic ituations for team 
managers and captains lo play with. 

What el e can we tell you? 
The eason lasts only four weeks starting 

in mid-January and finishing up, weather 
permitting, on the second Saturday in 
February. 

Budweiser/UCSD Intramural Sports 
End 13~ Year Relationship 

In I recent lmouncement durin, the Chrlstmls HoIIdIy period, It has been "Imed 
that the Bud Pace, I staple for UCSD Intrlmlllll Sport ....... for over 13 yelrs will 
be discontinued. 

Vickie Horen, I spokesperson for Budweiser's ~e mlrketlng efforts, cited a 
tightened economy and new re-focuslng on advertising mlrkets for Budwefser 
products II reasons for the decision. 

UCSD Intramural Sports wishes to thank Coat DIstrIbuting Co., locil distributor of 
Budweiser for their tremendous 13-yur support of our programs. The cunent 
populartty and IWlreness of our procram ... one the UCSD campus community has 
been greatly enhanced by the slgnltlc..rt advertising and promotional contributions of 
Budweiser and Coast Distributing. 

A hearty 1M think you to III past Ind preterit Coast Distributing employees for 
your time and effort on our behalf. It was I great run. And why not? We've got the newest and 

one of the best track and field faci lities in 
the country right here on campus. We 
might as well use th thing once in awhile, 
because that' why we built it. To get as 
many of you as we can, outofthe library for 
at lea t one hour a w ek. 

The events we11 be contesting during the ~ ____________________________ _ 

But Team Track Field, you say. C'mon. 
Who's kidding who? 

Well , hey, we'll try and do anything once. 
And besides, there may just enough of you 
track nuts hiding out on campus to support 
this thing. 

And ifitgoe ,U D will once again be 
pioneering new t~rritory nationally in in-
tramural sports. Let' be honest. No 1M 
program in the country is offering this baby. 
Maybe for good rea on, maybe not. But if 
Team Track & Field has to make its debut 
somewhere, it might as well be here in th 
Intramural Sports capital of the world. 

Now, that you've come this far. Let's see 
if we can go fishing and hook you. 

By th way, how's this thing going to 
work, anywnys? Glad you asked. 

Very simple. We think. It takes ix stu-
dents to form a team. You can have more, 
but six is the minimum. 

Each week teams will be scheduled 
against each other in what we are calling 
mini-meets for lack of a better tenn. Each 
week's mini-meet is a dual meet between 
two teams in five separate individual events 
plus a relay. (See the chart below.) 

To keep the mini-meets from becoming 
repetitious week after week, we change the 
five individual events and the relays each 

season? Oh ya ... almo t forgot. 100, 200, 
400 meters for you fast guys. 00, 1500 
meters and the Mile Run for you distance 
fr aks. And in the field ... most of the easy 
and fun ones .... shot put, long jump, triple 
jump, and high jump. 

Sorry, we couldn't work in the pole vault 
or hammer throw this year, but, the insur-
ance premiums alone would shut down 1M 
sports for a year. 

That's about all there is to it. Each mini-
me t will take about an hour each Saturday 
with meets scheduled around 12 noon! 
1:00pm. 

The best feature of the whole program 
will be the exclusive use of the UCSD Track 
and Field romplex, easily one of the very 
be t of its kind anywhere. 

If you've lasted this far, you might as well 
come to the Intramural Team Captain's 
Meeting for Team Track & Field on Mon-
day, January 14th (4:00pm) at the Price 
Center Theater. Don't bother to stand in 
line. You won't need to. We'll be accom-
modating everyone. 

Don't forget thi i a team sport for six. 
Individuals without a team, however, are 
still encouraged to attend the meeting. We 
may be able to place you on a team. 

For more detailed information on Team 
Track & Field, copies of the offical rules and 
scoring are currently available at the 
Canyonview Recreation Office. 

'1'1~1')1 '1'll1'(~K & I~II~IJ) 
Season Schedule (Tentative) 

For those teams signing-up for Team Track & Field this quarter, the following chart will 
outline a weekly schedule of events for the duration of the three-week season. Each 
week teams will compete in mini-dual meets (see below) against teams within their 
league. 

Time Week 1 Week 2 Week 3 

12:00 noon 1500 Meters 800 Meters 400 Meters 

12:10pm Shot Put (12Ibs) Shot Put (16Ibs) Shot Put 
12:10pm High Jump Long Jump TripleJump 

12:20 pm 200 Meters 100 Meters Mile Run 

12:30pm Long Jump Triple Jump High Jump 

12:45 pm 400 Relay 1600 Relay 800 Relay 

At the conclusion of the dual meet season, all teams will be eligible to compete in the 
Intramural Track & Field Championship Meet that will feature open competition in all 13 
events contested during the season. 

Intramural Sports This Winter 
Team Sports and Special Events Schedule 
TEAM SPORTS 
ONE-PITCH SOFTBALL 
(8 men or 4 menl4 women) 
Plays SaVSun morning/afternoon 
HAWAIIAN FOOTBALL 
(7 players) 
Plays Friday late afternoon 
WOMEN'S SOCCER 
(9 women) 
Plays Sunday @ 4pm 
COED SOCCER 
(5 menl4 women) 
Plays SaVSun afternoons 
MEN'S SOCCER 
(9 men) 
Plays SaVSun afternoons 
WOMEN'S BASKETBALL 
(5 women) 
Plays MonlWed@ 8:15pm 
COED BASKETBALL 
(3 women12 men) 
Plays Sun AlVThu Nights 
MEN'S BASKETBALL 
(5 men) 
Plays Sunday-thru-Thursday 
WOMEN'S FLOOR HOCKEY 
(6 women) 
Plays Tuesday Nights 
MEN'S FLOOR HOCKEY 
(6 men) 
Plays Mon-Tue-Wed Nights, Sat Aft 
COED TEAM BOWLING 
(2 menl2 women) 
Plays Sunday Nights 

TEAM TRACK & FIELD 
(6 men or 6 women) 
Competes Saturday Afternoon 

WINTER SPECIAL MNTS 
WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
DOUBLES TOURNAMENT 
ALL-CAMPUS RACQUETBALL 
TOURNAMENT 
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS 
DOUBLES TOURNAMENT 
BASKETBALL SUPERSHOT 
CONTEST 
UCSD SUPERSTARS 
ALL-SPORTS COMPETITION 

TEAM CAPTAIN'S MEETINGS 
Monday/January 7 @ 5pm 
Price Center Theater 

Tuesday/January 8 @ 4:30pm 
Price Center Theater 

Tuesday/January 8 @ 4pm 
Price Center Theater 

Tuesday/January 8 @ 4pm 
Price Center Theater 

Tuesday/January 8 @ 5pm 
Price Center Theater 

Wednesday/January 9 @ 3:30pm 
Price Center Theater 

Wednesday/January 9 @ 4pm 
Price Center Theater 

Wednesday/January 9 @ 5pm 
Price Center Theater 

Thursday/January 10 @ 4pm 
Price Center Theater 

Thursday/January 10 @ 5pm 
Price Center Theater 

Sunday/January 13 @ 8pm 
Clairemont Bowl, San Diego 
• Team Rosters in Bowling 
should be submitted to the 1M 
Office prior to Wed, Jan 9 @4pm 
Monday/January 14 @ 4pm 
Price Center Theater 

MNT DATEITIME/PlACE 
Saturday. January 19 
8am-4pmlMain Gymnasium 
Saturday, January 19 
8am-Spm/Canyonview RB Courts 
Sat-Sun,January 26-27 
8am-GpmlMuir Courts 
Saturday, February 2 
9am-2pmIMain Gymnasium 
Thu-Sun, February 7-10 
TBA TImesIVarious venues 

Sign-ups for all winter special events will take place two weeks prior to each event at 
the Canyonview Recreation Office between the hours of 8am-Spm. 


