
TKJRSDAY 
EDITION 

.OPINION 
Cockroaches. They're 

everywhere. They're under 
the floorboards. They're in 
the walls. They're even in 
City HaU. The cockroaches 
are taking power and 
malting OW' lives a living 
hen. Today they ban 
alcohol at the beach. 
Tomorrow ..• IPAGE 4 

.FEATURES 
The deterioration of 

UCSD's natural resources 
has prompted administrators 
to set aside certain areas on 
campus for proteCtion. 
Collectively known as ffic 
"paIk." these areas maintain 
an aesthetic atmosphere on 
campus and provide an 
outdoor lab for biology 
studentsIPAGE 7 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD baseball 

team has struggled aU year, 
accumulating only three 
wins to date. But two of 
those have been against 
Division I opponents, 
including Tuesday 
afternoon's 10-9 stunner 
over USDIPAGE 11 

• HiA1\JS 
The Bowery Theater's 

production of "Laughing 
Buddha Wholistik Radio 
Theatre" is a refreshing 
cbange from the current 
onslaught of nostalgia 
entertainment The show 
captures the nostalgic 
concept of radio theater and 
makes it timelcssIPAGE HI 

INDEX ... 
Science News ........... 2 
Opinion ..........••.......... 4 
Features .................... 7 
Hiatus ..................... H1 
Sports ...................... 11 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Moving Out - Workers removed trees from the lawn 
between Urey Hall and the Rec Gym yesterday to make way 
for the new Sciences Building. The trees will be relocated to 
other areas of campus. 

CuHural DiversitY is Part of 
New Warren Requirements 
By Stephaan Harris 
Guardian Reporter 

Warren College became the third 
UCSD college to alter its general 
education requirements in the last 
year when the Academic Senate ap-
proved changes in the Warren 
Academic Plan at its meeting late 
last month. 

The new amendments include a 
revision of minimum course re-
quirements, a new required course 
requirement in cultural diversity, 
and a simplification of general 
education requirements for transfer 
tudents. 

The goal of the cultural diversity 
requirement is to enhance students' 
appreciation of cultural diversity in 
America, according to Warren Col-
lege Provost David Wong. 

Warren Provost David Wong 
Similar to the Revelle College 

American Cultures requirement ap-
proved by the Academic Senate last 
year, several differentclasses already 
in existence will fulfill the cultural 
diversity requirement 

But Wong explained that the 
See WARREN, Page 3 

Prince Now Sus t 
In Sixth Local Murd r 
• Extradition hearing for suspected 
Clairemont Killer will begin next week 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Associate News Editor 

Themurderof an East San Diego 
woman may be the ixth in aeries 
of murders allegedly committed by 
Cleophus Prin e Jr., the Alabama 
man accusedofbeingtheOairemont 
Killer. 

Elis a Naomi Keller, 38, was 
tabbed several time in her East 

San Diego apartment, located di-
rectly below the complex where 
Prince had lived ince he moved 
from Clairemont three week be-
fore. No arrest have been made in 
the Keller case. 

San Diego Deputy Police Chief 
Cal Krosch refused to comment on 
any relationship between the Keller 
case and the Oairemont/University 
City cases. 

Prince was arre ted in Birming-
ham on an unrelated theft charge 
last week. Three hours after hi re-
lease, San Diego police contacted 
Birmingham authorities and identi-
fied him as a suspect in the killings. 
A San Diego superior court judge 
had signed d ... ourt order for Prince 
earlier that night. 

Prince returned, with his par-
ents, to the police tation around 
12:30 a.m. and was arrested for the 
murderoffive women in Oairemont 
and University City last year, ac-
cording to Krosch. 

One of the murder victims was 
UCSD student Janene Marie 
Weinhold, a Warren College senior 
who majored in Political Science. 

Attempts to extradite Prince will 
begin on Wednesday with a hearing 
in Birmingham. 

Loren Mandel, Prince 's attorney 
in San Diego, announced Tuesday 
that Prince will fight extradition to 
California. 

Newspaper reports Tuesday said 
that a murderthattook place late last 
May could also be related to Prince. 

Police also scaled back press 
briefings Tuesday afternoon, citing 
concerns that excessive press cov-
erage could jeopardize the ca e 
against Prince, possibly forcing a 
trial to a di fferent venue somewhere 

el e in California. 
ccording to Krosch, genetic 

DNA evidence con titute on of 
the major link between Prince and 
the murders. 

Prince became the prime Sll pect 
in the Clairemont killing after 
imilaritie aro e concerning an at-

tempted burglary case at Scripps 
Ranch last month. 

While he was in custody for that 
case, the police took DNA samples 
and sent them to a private laboratory 
in Baltimore. 

Krosch acknowledged that the 
te t results, received by police on 
Friday, prompted authorities to eek 
a warrant for Prince' arrest. 

"[prince) became more orless of 
a prime suspect. .. but it was not 
until Friday ... that [evidence) 
cau ed us to eek the warrant for his 
arr t," KIosch said. 

Roger Appell, Prince's attorney 
in Birmingham, has disputed the 
claim that his client looks anything 
like the composite drawing released 
earlier by police. 

No photographs of Prince have 
been released by police because 
witnesses will be asked to identify 
him in a police lineup if he is re-
turned to San Diego. 

Before San Diego police officers 
interviewed Prince on Sunday in 
Birmingham, they aid they had 
questioned him three times earlier 
in San Diego as part of routine in-
ve tigations, but there was nothing 
unusual or outstanding about him. 

Most of the six victims were in 
their late teens or early 20s and bore 
resemblances to each other. 

Of the two older victims, au-
thorities believe that 42 year-old 
Pamela Clark may have been killed 
because he was home when her 
daughter Amber, a Mesa College 
freshman who physically resembled 
Weinhold, was attacked. 

Keller, who was 38, looked and 
acted like she was 20, according to 
an anonymous friend. 

The five attacks took place dur-
ing the day, usually when the vic-

See SUSPECT, Page 6 

University Center Board Considers Changes in Election Procedure 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

In an effort to allow graduate 
students the opportunity to beelected 
to the position of University Center 
Board (UCB) chair, the UCB will 
submit two modifications to its 
charter for approval by Vice Chan-
cellor of Undergraduate Affairs Jo-
seph Watson. 

The most crucial of these changes 
states that the UCB chair is to be 
elected by the board itself in the 
sixth week of Spring Quarter, rather 
than the current system of allowing 
the undergraduate student body to 
elect the chair in the campus-wide 
A.S. elections. 

According to UCB Chair Nick 

Long, the charter amendments 
would allow the implementation of 
a referendum passed last spring 
which allows a graduate student to 
serve as UCBchair. Previously ,only 
undergraduates had been allowed to 
run for the position. 

If we don't make some changes, 
we can't allow graduate students to 
run for chair, and that could have 
serious repercussions," Long said. 

To accomodate the possibility of 
a graduate student running for UCB 
chair, the board felt it necessary to 
have the chair appointed by the UCB, 
instead of in student elections, Long 
said 

Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) President Daved Fremont 

Guardian File Photo 
VCB Chair Nick Long 
agreed. saying, "we feel that an all-
campus election is entirely prob-
lematic." He pointed out that many 
graduate students are not able to 

vote at the on-campus polling booths 
used for A.S elections, and under 
the current system of using mail 
ballots for graduate students, there 
is a concern about over-representa-
tion. In last year's election, 50 per-
cent of graduate students voted 
through theirmail ballots, while only 
about 20 percent of undergraduates 
voted at the on-campu polls, Fre-
mont said. 

Fremont also agrued that "the 
UCB would be better served as a 
parliamentary body," with the chair 
being elected by the board rather 
than in student elections. 

1be other modification requires 
that the removal of the chair, vice 

See UCB, Page 6 



2 NEWS 

------------~~~ ~ ~~ 

aUCSD t _41 I)S . ~.'1/ 
NEWS IN BRIEF 

Gas Leak Causes Cancellation of 
Class at HSS on Tuesday Afternoon 

A cla~s was canceled belween four and five o·clocl.. 
Tueway .11 Ihe Humarutic:. and SOCIal lence~ (HSS) 
buIlding due 10 gas thaI kaked onto the tl r of a loroge 
room on Ihe ground floor of the building. 

According to Stc:vell Pyle, ~upenntendent of the 
Grounds ,md LandsCJpc: Dlvi ion of Physical Pl,mt Ser-
vices, the gas puddle Wa! prob bly the result of a lawn 
mower with a leaky ga tank. 

"It could have also been a weed wacker. .. it could have 
fallen off of a chair and gas could have leaked out of the 
lOp of the lank. Ifit was left tanding up,it would have been 
okay," Pyle said He added that it appears to be a case of 
omebody being in a hurry to get home. 

Pyle aid thai he did not know that a class had been 
canceled becau e of the gas, which has ince been re-
moved. He speculated that the venlllation in HSS could 
have picked up the smell of the gasoline puddle and sem 
it into the classroom, causing the class 10 be canceled. 
Honor Society for International 
Scholars Soliciting for Membership 

omination arebeing olicited formembershipin Ihe 
Phi Beta Delta National Honor Society for Intemaliona\ 
Scholars. Phi Beta Delta recognizes academic achieve-
ment and contributions in intemational education. 

Undergroduate foreign visa students and EAP/OAP 
relUmees will be nominated on the basis of their GP As. 

Dean and department chairs may nominate qualified 
graduate students and faculty, or interested gmduate stu-
dents and faculty may seek nomination for membership 
through their departmenls. Guidelines for application are 
available from Gail Gispen in the Academic Senate 
Office. The annual deadline fornominations i March 15. 
Lectures and Events to be Held 
During the Last Week of Quarter 

• The Unity Newspaper is sponsoring "Students of 
Color and Higher Education: A Presentation and Discus-

The UCSD Guardian 

sion of ConIemporary Issues." 
The event will include speeches by Denise Moreno 

Ducheny, a member of the San Diego Corrununity College 
Board and Daryl Grisby, who will be acting as the Master of 
Ceremonies and who is the founder and past president of 
African-American Writers and Artist~ of San Diego. 

Theeventwillbeheldtodayat7p.m.atTheNeighborhood 
House. 841 South ~lst Street in San Diego. 

• On Monday. March II, Ernan McMullmofthe Univer-
~Jty of Notre Dame will speak on ''TIle HIStorical OnglOs of 
the IXbate on SCientific Reali m" at 4 p.m. Il1 the Santa 
Barbara R m of the PrIce Center. 

The program IS belllg ho~led by the Science Studies 
Progmm. 

SCIENCE :::::IL 
EWS==r 

SCIENTIFIC & MEDICAL UPDATES 
Departments of Chemistry and Physics 
To Hold Lectures Next Week 

The following lectures will be held during the final week 
of the quarter: 

• Monday - Dr.IobnCaryofthe University of Colorado 
will speaJc on "Non-Quasiliniar Diffusion FarFrom the Chaos 
Threshold" at 2 p.m. in room 4322 of Mayer Hall (MH). 

• Monday - Professor Steven Benner of ETH. Zurich, 
Switzerland, wiu speak on "Enzymes Applied to the Produc-
tionofOrganic Molecules: Recruiting, Modifying, and de novo 
Design of Enzyme Catalysts" al 4 p.m. in room 104 of 
Pctersoo Hall (PH). 

• Tuesday - Dr. Bradly Genner of the University of 
Colorado will lecture on "The Dynamics of Liquid Crystals: 
A Generalized Langevin Analysis" at4 p.m. in room 21020f 
Urey Hall . 

• Tuesday - Dr. George Preston of the Carnegie Institute 
will lecture on "Galactic Color Gradient Derived From Blue 
Horizontal Branch Stars and It Irnplications"at4 p.m. inMH 
4322. 

• Wednesday - Dr. Charles Kane of mM yorktown 
Heights will lecture on "Fractional Quantum Hall Effect: A 

ovel Form of Bose Condensation" at 4 p.m. in MH 4322. 
• Friday - ProfessorKarI WieghardtofRuhr-UniversitlU 

Bochum will speakon"WaterOxidationinPhotosystem nas 
Viewed by a Coordination Chemist" at 4 p.m. in PH 103. 

FRIDAY WEEKEND 
Stormy with winds 

and rain 

Poway 
73-67-64 

Mild with partly 
cloudy skies 

SURF FORECAST 
Surf 
(Feet) 
2-4 Friday & Saturday 
3-7 Suncfay 

Period 
(Seconds) 
10-14 

Swell 
Direction 

SW 
Surfing conditions: 

GOOD TO 
EXCELLENT 

Average temperature 
for sea/air is 
64 degrees. 

Thursday, March 7, 1991 

Compiled by Kent Kanan, Senior Staff Writer 
WeIhedIIy, Feb. 27: 
12SO a.m: A 24 yeiJ"-dd norHJIiate was allBSled at La J<ta S/1(res ~ lor 

poss8SSIOII cI SIoIen property The ~ was !lied am mIeasIld. 
10.40 a.m.: A mae bicytist was ~ III a fall on RegeriS Road. He was taken 

I1f parMld:s 10 Saws MerTIooa Ho!pi.i. . ' 
12:13 p.m.; A male stat! rT'I8Ilter Q.lffered a ~ loss cI CI)I'6QOUSIlOSS at 

Aotm TOOle PIzza He was IIat'6pOI1Ild 10 lkgeIt care. 
12:40 p.m .. A stlJder1 tepOOed a 00yde SIoIen !rom the Coast~. loss: 

$'m. 
2iI5 p.m.: A!IaII merrber reported the theft of two beepelslrom the AeooMrg 

Departmert Loss: $400. 
3:55p.m.: An \drown susped I8fIIOYfJd cash from a money bag on a bend1 

near IUcir9 S04. lDss $25. 
4:20 p.m.: A Iaa*y rnerrtIer repooed a ~ taken !rom a desk at BS8l.oss: 

StO.2S. • 
4;3{} p.m.: All oIbr reported ~ a borg at the MatIhews ApaI1ments on 

2r.n 
8.~ p.m; A SUIart ItpOrt8d Ires SIoIen III Ld 504. loss: $:ro. 
'IhurIdIy, Feb. 21: 
11:25 a.m.: A Sudent I8pOIIed a bCyde stolen from the Che CaIe. lDss: $500. 
5 p.m.: A sUIert UIBred a an..9on to Ihe head ~ from CIl aa:idertaI 

blow 10 fie behead. The Sl.tljecIwas taII8n 10 lJ'98f1 Cae. 
5.-aI p.m.: A 1987 Mazda piIjQ4J was stolen fRlm l.d 356. Loss: ~. 
AIdIy, M1n:111 : 
12i15 B.m~ A 1991 Dodge ~was ~ kto a ~ ITlIlWVll.d 1m 
" am.: A SlJdert • lie TliId ApimleI1S reponed I808i'q CII iml'Jirw;! phone 

calaI~a.m. 
1:45 p.m.: M 1dInown!11J11P8C2 8I1eI8d a 8lJdarts Iock8d veIlkiIln l.d 102 and 

IaIIO¥IId pIq)8IIy. loss: $165. 
2:40 p.m.: A sUIert repof18d the theft cI a bft)'de sIcnId uOOer a baIocrr; ill 

[)It.8 Hal Loes: $3Xl. 
3 p.m.: A SUIart daIaI nW1cI iPies from a t;.)'de iOiIarlin l.d 102. The 

~ waslalc8n 10 S\uderC HeaIIh l7f a JXb veIlkiI. 
5:11 p.m.: A IUIIrC reported ra:eMng dlecare pIme caIs III fie l1id 

AprInaD. 
SIUdIy, M1n:112: 
9tiO p.m.: A SlJIIan repof18d raalMng cUicene pIme caIs at the '" 

ApImIerG. . I ... 0210r .. 10:40 p.m.: A 'l1)'8i1'-dd non-aIIIaIe was M8SIBd 11 ..... 1 RIOIIIYI'Q ex 
~ SIoIen property. The suspects 1900 Porsc:he Cnra __ 
SIaI9d III Cern! TOVIing. 

SIIIdIW, IIIn:II3: 
4:f1J p.m.: CallIe lapIS and t3ih weAl repoIIIId sIIlIen fRlm a kxiBd 'IBIDi in 

l.d 502. l.oBS: $13.50. 
9tiO p.m.: A Y8I'ide in Ld 'i!D7 WE repof18d buIgIarizsd. There WIll no klss 

"IlOfIIId. 
,.....,.IIIn:II5: 
3SO p.m.: A. 9II1II merrber I8pOI18d the cIscIwge d a tr& eQng.isher in lJIey 

Hal. loss: $20-
6:20 p.m.: A IIOIHIIaI8 UIn:t Imm lSIed 5bl. SIId8n IB8t am CIl t.pset 

SIOmaCII cil810 an II'Imwn C3U58. The IIliIjad __ 1aIIen to SaWs 
10:15 p.m.~ :..:=. wOO WIll cN* Vl p.dc on VIa La J<ta 

()M! wasllifen 10 ~ 

GuKKnIAN 
PHIL GRUEN. Editor In Chwf 
ROBIN MACLEAN, Maneglng Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion Editor 
LES BRUVOLD. APocIate Sports Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Editor 
GREG DIXON, AuoclIfe Opinion Editor 
BILL DOWLER. Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMLTON, AaocIMe,.. Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AaocIMe,.. Editor 
LARA HEISLER, Aaociete Art. EdItor 
HEATHER HOLTZClAW, AaodIIte SpoIlS Editor 
CHRISllNA HUIZAR, AaocMte AtU EdItor 
PETER KO, SpotD EdItor 
JElftFER KOlsKY, Photo Editor 
KENT KORZON, Aaocllfe Copy EdItor 
LENG LOH, ~EdIIor 
MEL MARCELO, AaocMfe GnIpID EdItor 
SANGEET A MEHTA, '-fSOCII* FMIurM Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, AaocInJ Photo Editor 
JEfF QUAM, Gnlphlcs EdItor 
JASON SNELL, ,..,. EdItor 
RIIIAS UZGlRlS, PhoIo EdItot' 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, haJrfItI EdItor 
JENNIFER YAJ«;EY, ~t Editor 

BOB DeANDAEA, Bw/_ Man..,. 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AtIV«tu.1ng "."..,. 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AcJwrtt.lng o..lgner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIe .. 1fI«I ~"'Iv. 
--. ..... :&.!y~.TOI1i_,Doug_. KlNSIqo 
--._t.... 1!ob9t. DrioICMi._v_ 
a.-: DnI CIM Joo Loo, r.&,ilAl 

Thunday, March 7, 1991 

WARREN 
Continued from page 1 
cultural diversity requirement may 
not actually cause a net increase in 
the number of courses that a Warren 
College student must take. Ac-
cordingto Wong,eithercourses from 
a student' s major or those that fulfill 
other general education require-
ments may also be used to fulfill the 
new requiremenL 

In addition to the new cultural 
diversity requirement. the number 
of courses required for Bachelor of 
Arts with Honors and Bachelor of 
Science degrees will be reduced 
from 48 to 45 courses. 

Transfers to Warren College by 
students who have completed 84 or 
more quaner units at another uni-

versity will be made easier under 
the new requirements. Under the 
Academic Senate-approved plan. 
only two upper-division courses 
noncontiguous to the student's mi-
nor will be required for those tranS-
fer students. All Warren students 
are current! y required to take 12 
courses in areas noncontiguous to 
their major. 

"lbenew [requirements) provide 
a significant reduction of general 
education courses for transfer stu-
dents as to facilitate the progress 
toward their degree." Wong said. 

The cultural diversity require-
ment will affect all new Warren 
College freshmen beginning in Fall 
Quarter 1992. The rest of the cur-
riculwn changes will go inlO effect 
in the fall of 1991. 

WEDNESDAY'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

Appoinbnent: 
• Sandrine Suberon, as A.S. representative to the Committee on 

Commuter Student Life 

Allocations: 
.$ 1500 to UCSDTriton Yearbook, from the general unallocated 

fund 
• $1420 to KSDT to travel to and broadcast from Dayton. Ohio, 
in the event that the men 's basketball team participates in the 
Final Four, from general unallocated 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

ERRATUM 
In the article titled "Students Will lobby Against Fee Increases," 
(Guardian, Mar. 4), a quote attributed to UCSA Board of Di rectors 
member Jeremy Pastemak was incorrect. The word "involve" was 
accidentally changed to "invoke." The sentence should have stated 
that the focus of the Sacramento summit was "to involve as many of 
the students as possible in lobbying." The Guardian regrets the error. 

1990 CLEARANCE SALE 

The UCSD Guardian 

I JIlST S~W A ~R<.IM. 
~ ,.. l\)X~~ CR\lISE . 
Ibl CO!".E WE OOtolT I:.\'E.~ 
Go Ot\ ~~~I~S LI~ nil'.T 

All OtU> IN ~Q.'i CII£.ET" II eM, 
~ MIl. (,() ~I~ f,I\ \\OOR . 
~ II\M"N 0." w.Wo. ~ 00 "-f'--<_-_ Q<J,,1m.R Of ~"T. 

'r!1\/o.T " JO~! 

t%[F)~t%[ffi~[L 
[Q)~~~@[N]~~ 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

• "DESERT 

500k·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-5at. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

' . .~ . : I r-~~ ~ t t- i~' . _~ - _ 
~. APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 

~~ 8250 camino Santa Fe 
, ...,.. IIrwnar, Callfornll 

(619)450-3323 

CALL 
(619) 

265-7 

\'£ SI'£t-Ul " WE£I:. IN CIllD, 
VI\<::.cIO.f\lIt~\.E 1tNl"S EJo.C}\ 
'iEAA 9:> 1I~\t¥:i IIUE ilIE 

~T ot 1\\£ nM£ SKIo\S 
Lll(E " l\lX\lR~ CI!.~I'5E . If 
tOlJR 1lI. IPS Ml£. \lNM~\, 
'bR. ~ LIFe I'S "-

~'O\loN! 
/ 

tl\IS '!linE. 800\:. IS I'W.. 
Of 1\{INGS 11\",1 \l.'.~ ~ 

~ A~f'ru) 00 FMnI! 
Irs t>. 
ItE:UGIO~' 

NEWS 3 

.. -

THE GULF 
SUPPLIES 

$8.50 

$29.50 

$29.50 

$8.50 

#JB·8 $38.50 

'AF·6 $9,25 

---------, f~lJilWlr:RS TO: 
OUTFITIERS I' 

BOX 159001-433 
CALIFORNIA 92115 I 

I 
/Tat, SIZE TOTAL J 

- I 
-I 
-, 

- -- --I 
~TOTAL:- : 

lindmyodlecll Ornona)' Older I 
~lttCard oV,n , 
CC. O.D.U 1 

Erpr.rionda. I 
------1 
~---=-- ~ 

_____ lJp _-;J 
**Add $4.00 C.O.D. 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 7,1991 

COMMENTARY 

THE COCKROACHES ARE AMoNG Us 

By Jeff Pitman, Staff Writer 
The cockroaches are on the rise. 
As we speak, ascuuling swarm of these unsightly insects 

creeps into every crack and crevice in California, craftily 
lying in wail for a chance to take over the world. But rather 
than waiting for George Bush 's inevitable nuclearholocausl, 
they're starting to take maners into their own festering feet. 

In some places, it's already too late. New York is com-
pletely overrun, a fact to which anyone who has lived there 
can aUe L But now the vicious little creatures are spreading 
westward, and like the killer bees, they're getting nastier. 

Probably the result of hundreds of years of accumulated 
hatred from being stomped on by very heavy people with 
very hard boots, these little monsters - in addition to their 
various diseases - are now canying a buming desire to 
crew over the human race. 

And the worst part is, whether by natural selection or by 
sheer chance. the ones invading us are much more cunning 
than their hapless east-coast cousins: These varmints have 
developed the ability to disguise themselvesaspeople. I Icnow 
these things. I'm a biologi I. 

Worse yet, not only have the sinister insectS become 
m3Stersof disguise, but somehow they've found a way to get 
themselves elected 10 poSitions of politiCal power (which 
explains a lot, including Jesse Helms). 

They are vengeful, spite-filled Iinle brutes whose sole 
source of pleasure seems to be destroying other people' fun, 
but generally they're pretty weak· willed. An insect, of 
course, has no spine. 

Ingenera1. though, theycowerin fear when confronted -
probably an environmenta1ly-ingrained trait, based on the 
common fear thar someday, from out of nowhere, a giant 
steel-toed boot will emerge from the sk)' and squash them 
into oblivion. So they attempt to cover up this cowardice by 
forming groups (the Moral Majority, the PMRC, Congre ) 
and by making vindictive strikes against people whenever 
possible. 

Unfortunately for us. this cowering is the only way wecan 
spot the little bastards. Their actions always give them away, 
but it's usually too late to do wlything. 

This mu t be the case wi th the San Diego City Council, all 
of whose seats seem to have been infested by these scurrying 
little be.'lSts. Yes sir, the San Diego City Council, that 
generous body which unanimously decided rhat. since the 
alcohol ban at L,llolla Shores was going so well, why not 
make it pennanent? And hey, while we're at it, why not ban 
it on every San Diego beach? Yeah, bootthose beer-swilling 
scum back into the srreets, where they belong! 

True, on the surface. thi does follow the Golden Rule of 
American Problem Solving: lfit moves, bomb it: othelWise, 
baniLft'saslmplerule.extremelypopularamongpoliticians 
and cockroaches (yes, J know that's redundant), mainly 

" As we speak, a scuttling swarm 
of these unsightly insects creeps 

into every crack and crevice in 
California, craftily lying in wait for a 
chance to take over the world. But 

rather than waiting for George 
Bush's inevitable nuclear holo-
caust, they're starting to take 

matters into their own festering 
feet. 

" because (other than deciding which option to take) it requires 
no conscious thought. This is quite a bonus for animals 
incapable of mental activity, so it serves roaches and politi-
cians well. 

And so the alcohol bancamedown. The council chambers 
were awash with high-pitched squeaks of glee as, mandibles 
dripping with saliva, the council members celebrated the 
successful castration of yet another fine debauched activity. 
And with the epidemic of patriotism and "traditional values" 
crippling the country, the little bastards almost got away with 
it without giving away their true nature. 

Unfortunately for them, some nosey reponerhad to go and 
ask why they did it. This unanticipated interrogation, of 
course, sent them into a panic, and, antennae twitching 
feverishly. they fumbled for a response. 1bat's where the 
masks fell away. It was their "reasoning" for the decision that 
revealed their i1l-concealed lack of human intelligence. 

"Er. unun ... the trial at La ]oUa Shores was successful... 
and, uh ... the residents say it cut down on public drunkenness." 

Phew. they thought, we dodged thaI bullet. Nobody can 
slash through that logic with a sluupened sword. They were 
right. of course. I mean, who would have thought that a ban 
on alcohol would cut down on public intoxication? 

Of course, a good number of these dangerous drunks are 
underage anyway, so they're already breaking the law, but 
hey, why not throw another ban on top of it? 

That'll teach 'em. 
Bur, you know, the horrible crimes these beer-soaked SOts 

areconunitting (moslly pissing on the local resident's bushes 
- mainly a crime of stupidity, when there's a gigantic, salt-
water bathroom right in front of them) are against the law to 
begin with. 

Why arrest the people who are causing problems? You'd 

never fill the jails up that way (and we all know what a 
problem the San Diego police have keeping their cells 
crammed). No, it makes much more sense to just ban 
alcohol altogether, creating a whole new crop oflawless . 
fiends. Round up all those sinners and cart 'em away by 
the busload! A brilliant move, because now the cops can 
devote themselves to sean:hing people's coolers instead 
of catching rea1 criminals (which would explain why a 
group of politicians unanimously supponed the move). 

1ben again, the city council cockroach club may 
remain hidden behind their human masks after all, be-
cause if anyone asks again, they canjust say that the move 
was heavily supponed by the equally brainless yet 0b-
scenely wealthy La 10Uan beachfront property owners. 
StiU moFC proof that all rich people should be shot. 

Well, maybe that was a little unfeeling. After all, we 
sbouldall feelnemerdouspity forthosepoor, downtrodden 
souls who inhabitthc mansions above LaJoila Shores. It's 
a heavy cross they have to bear, what with all those 
mongage payments and the repair costs for their expen-
sive European cars on top of that. And to think. we were 
expecting them to let \IS unsightly creatures drink beer on 
their prized beaches (which are public propeny). 

No, we should all take a few hours today and write each 
and every one of them a personallctter of gratitude that 
they deigned to allow us commoners to continue walIcing 
on their precious sand (sober, at least). 

1bcse rich morons, of course, make up a minute 
fraction of the people actually using the beach, but hey, 
they have a ton of money, so they're a hell of a lot more 
important. Money speaks very loudly. Not that I would 
ever dare to suggest that those fine, upstanding. highly 
ethica1 saints on the city council would ever let money 
influence their decision-making. 

No, the deal is done. The roaches are taking over, and 
there's nothing we can do. We're doomed, I tell you, 
doomed, doomed. doomed. 

Of course, someone could take a big can of Raid to the 
council chambers and do some serious spraying. Wecan't 
leave such a mission to a mere exterminator. Or maybe 
someone could don some industrial strength Doc Marten 
boots and stomp the link creeps into submission. 

But don't come looking forme todoit.1be bandoesn 't 
strut until sOmetime around April 14th, and I plan to spend 
every available minute swilling liquor at La Jolla Shores, 
while I still can. 

Ha, those rich swine thought they had a problem with 
belligerent drunkards before. Obviously they've never 
experienced the gory horror of an officia1 '·Amateur 
Terrorist" on an alcoholic rampage. And now they've 
given me a reason, a moraljusrijicQlion for my excess. 

Cockroaches beware. 

Thursday, March 7, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Cults Pervert Truth and Love of ChristianitY 
Ear.. 

'l'blaty. fbrftaiilly ......... W 
Dieao a..c:b ofa.&t for wbIt it ia. 'Ibis 
cult ... .,. .... die ttuIb ad 1cm or 
a.... II, ..,. aeIiaice filled ."..." .. . 
_il.=qn'O .. I .... WIIC:W-"iOI ... o( .; 
,....~_ 01 my life becIii ..... ol 
.. " • of'" Quda of 0riIt. friead,... "." up willa ia • ~ .. :,; 
..... ' ..... ~ cbu._kl8~· 

'!be SlDDliIIp QIUlda of 
~~_1~~"'~."~1~~ 
cbwdI. alYation only comes dIIouab die 
proc:eas of WOIb. . 

ObviOusly. if one bad 10 live under the 
continual fear of losing one's ~ 
there would GOt be a great deal of security 
in oneself or the religion. 

1 pray every day that my friends will 
realize that what they are beina tau&Jlt is 
not biblically based and will return 10 their 
earlier views of Christianity that show it is 
a force oflove and not fear. I also pray that 
non-Cbristians will not view the San Diego 
Church of Christ as Christianity. 

To everyone, Christianity is not a reli-
gion that people try to shove down your 
throat. It is a relationship with a loving God 
that is taught best by example, and not fire-
and-brimstone speeches. 

Christianity is a lifestyle and not a reli-
gion. 

Michael C. Butler 
Editor: 

I would like to commend Brian Itow and 
the Guardian stafffor the superbly accurate 
and appropriately titled "Deceptions in the 
Church" (Feb. 28): The anicle was long 
overdue. 

Two years ago, like almost all UCSD 
students, I was invited to a Bible study. I 
then made tbe mistake of deciding to go. 
Before I knew it 1 was a part of the San 
Diego Church of Christ, a high-pressure, 
manipulative, religious organizatioo here 
on campu . And the rest of the story is 
exactly the arne as Kathleen Ball's in the 
"Deceptions" article. I, too, was severely 
pressured into becoming partoftheir"way" 
through their friendly and convincing ap-
peal, taught (forced) to believe that my 
prior religion was wrong. told to stay away 
from my current friends, and asked to give 
up my life for their cause. 

Fortunately, after only six weeks in tho 
orpoizIIioo.lbegan to see things as som&o 

... tIiadca !bat prey Oft ourJIIYI~OJk:al 
~ '!bey anY OIl coIIetD stu-
daIII mainlybec::aale we areaway fiom die 
pIOfeCtion of our panIIItI' DeSt and are II 
timet very unsure about OW' lives aod fu-
hila. They bombard you with friendl.illess 
and trust. and make you feel welcome to 
rest your inita1 auapicions. 

They also overwbolm you with pressure 
once you've made an inital commitment 
(the infamous foot-in-lhe-door technique) 
in order to keep you "in." In one of their 
studies they focus on your past "sins" SO 
intensely they purposely shatter your entire 
self-image and feeling of self-worth. They 
persevere in their own beliefs and are so 
self-righteous that any doubt about their 
tenets ace rejected with a biblical quote, or 
avoided like a politician under fire. 

They also provide you with a unified 
group identity so as to give you more security 
about your "new life." They question oth-
ers"beliefs without questioning their own. 
They place religion over all other priorities, 
including family and school. My leader 
even flunked out of schooL They deny the 
title of a cult because such a label would 
scare people off and never bring in any new 
recruits. 

I know J'm not the only person who 
abhors this type of psychological manipu-
lation. This group is known as a high-risk 
group in the national Cult Awareness Net-
work. After talking to Revelle College Dean 
Emie Mort about them, I found that he, as 
well as many resident advisors and 
adminstratoIS, also cringes at theirmethod-
ology. 

Ex-members probably have the most 
spite for the group, left with the scars of 
mind control and fear. Yet they 811 would 
rather deal with the wounds than be a pan of 
this culL 

And that is undoubtedly what they are 
- a cult seartbing for vulnerable new 

NCNiII to ... * PlYCbolo&ical iafec.. 
.... 1 ......... wi1blllyoaewbo· .... 
• PIft ofilia poup.l feel foI'-..e IbIt I 
dldllGlbecomellbtbemor pYe them my 
life oaly 10 t&)' lID .. it bIct ....... I feol 
.,., .... 1Dd bappyeverJtimo I meet 
IOIUOODC who is In ex-member, ad feel 
oaIJ ..... ia _i,Sna tbltlOlDeWbere, 
____ is beiDa diawll ill. 

lleapecc the riJht to believe in wbll 
you -. but deplore people who abuIo 
.... riPt lID COIIII'OI oller people's miDds. 
1 Il1o bow daIt far WORe IbiIlp can 
bIfpeD lID • penoa. 

RaaIIy, it II wortb rDeIItioo.iIlc that it 
WWIcl be P*IY UIIjuIt lID aeaeraJize the 
m .t4olo&Y of ... ~ to other cam-
pal reapoa. cqanizetiom 'Ibis Ieaer 
1II'YtI0IIIe mIiD purpoee: .II it to help Ihe 
UCSO ..... body avoid faI1ins into Ihe 
bands of a BJ'OUP of people who can sen-
tence you to a mental prison, and the only 
way to get out is escape. Reasoning with 
these people won't work. 

They can twist perceptions. but reality 
woo't budge. 

Foster Olive 

Concerns About a 
New World Order 
Editor: 

I am disturbed by the constant talk of a 
"New World Order," that appears so fre-
quently .It seems to be accepted thatthe war 
in the Persian Gulf was fought to create a 
"new world order." Even protesters against 
the war seem to agree in the nobility of this 
aim. 

The pursuit of a new world order, how-
ever, is the pursuit of a chimera:There is not 
now, nor has there ever been such a thing as 
a "world order" in modem history. Anarchy 
is the fundamental "order" of our world, 
paradoxical as it may at first sound. A 
simple survey of the 20th century wiD re-
veal any lack of a world order. In 1914, 
practically the entire old world was gov-
erned by European empires, almost all of 
them monarchies. 

By 1950 the world had been carved into 
"capitalist" and "communist" spheres of 
influence ruled by the USA and the USSR, 
and a fragmented Europe was ruled either 
by communist dictators or parliamentary 
democracies. As of 1991, democracies are 
sprouting everywhere, and Europe (which 
has twice in this century murdered itself in 
war) is attempting unification. 

Where is the order in this? Not a single 
"order" has lasted more than a handful of 
years, a decade or two at best. Whatever 
political arrangement comes out of a vic-
tory over Iraq (surely less earthshaking an 

event tban eitberofthetwo world wars) will 
dissolve with the next crisis. 

It is folly, also. to think that we can teach 
dictators a lesson. Each dictator bent on 
conquering, like Saddam Hussein, will 
cbaIJenge the U.S. to uphold its "new" 
world onIcr. It is the same principle that 
makes the police have to arrest criminals 
over and over spin. The only lesson ever 
tauaht is 10 be mc:idI c:amuJ about getting 
c:aupr. The U.S. foreswore interventionist 
W8IS afterV1etnam.1n 16 years we have all 
baoaaL And 16 years laIa, we are at war 
apia. 
, This WII' wa not • recipe for world 
.,..,. Tl»1IJtOCIwNm IhIt wiD Dlllte !his 
DeW wortd<lderwork is wa'. WhIt Jciad of 
• new order Is ., By applyiD& SIDCtionI 
..aIllleyWCllbd(boMverloDaihoot)1be 
U.s, .. ~CI'IIIIIti"'.pnadeatfor 
_ peeceM mr'n' Q of. wodd oab'. 
But DO, tbia it • ...,. for (an)e. This I .. 
viDtkldola of_ .. iaciFie' tbII vioIaIce is 
_ ..... 1aPOIIID to tgIaIioa. 

'I'IIe only wodd Older ... CIa keep • 
.., pace II. world order buill OIl mu-
1UIIly benefidel c:ooperatioa of demoaa-
ciea.FiJbdnalOreaIOIethecorrect,ebsoIute 
ruIcr to Kuwait does not advance Ibis. 

~ 10 preaeI ve the in1qrity of Saudi 
Arabia, an appaIIiqIy brutal totalitarian 
.... wiD DOl advance the cause of peace. 
SiDcethe idea of • world full of cooperating 
democnIcies is just. dream, we must work 
for peale anoIber way. 

PeacecanaotjUst be preadled. Itmust be 
pncticed.1I must be practiced one confJjct 
II. time, by refraining from war. 

Chris Menthe 

'Cabbage' Cartoon 
Offends Latino Faculty 
Editor: 

In regard to the cartoon accom-
panying 1eff Pibnan' s commentary 
"The Cabbage Revolution" (Feb. 
28), we are extremely offended by 
the insensitive and stereotypical 
representation of Mexican people. 
That a UCSD student, Marc 
Uptergrove, should conceive of and 
draw such an insulting portrait is 
one thing. That the student newspa-
per of a major university should 
publish such degrading material is 
quite another, and even more 
shocki ng. event. 

Need we remind the readers of 
the Guardian that the San Diego 
area is home to thousands of 
Mexican women and men, that the 
student body, staff, and faculty is 
made up of numerous individuals 
of Mexican heritage, and that we 
are a university on the border of 
Mexico itself! 

Offensive and aggressive mate-
rial posing as joumalism has no 
place at UCSD or anywhere el e 
interested in breaking down the 
barriers of ethnocentrism and igno-
rance. 

ChicanolLatino 
Faculty Association 

Tbt VCSD Gun,.IIJ1ln wdcomc~ lC'uc:rsand Lommcnuru:) 
from .oJ1 mcmb<:n "f Ole unhrr$ity (ommunit)'. Drup 
your Ieuer, 1 be G.n"i •• n officc.5 (on Iho $CCond floor 
Oflhe ~lUdent Center. abo'. the Genetal Store) or m .. 1 
it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GfUJrtii.1I 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, Co 92093·0316 

LeIterS mwtbc typed,double 'poccd,:IJld.houtd Include 
a signature and pbone numb<:r. Unsigned Ietten will not 
be primed. We rescrvt the riSht to edil for kugth and 
clarity. We cannot SUlfon,.., that your letter or 
cOl1lJllCllWy will be printed. 



6 NEWS 

UCB 
Continued from page 1 
chair, commiSiionerof promotions, 
or commi ionl"r of fmance be by a 
two-thirds majorily in a rolI-<:all vote, 
in \Cad of the current system of re-
movalof!hechairbyathree-fourlhs 
majorily in a secret ballot. 

Long explained that this 
amendment accompanies the pri-
mary amendment, making the p0-
sition of chair "easier to be elected, 
easier to be removed." 

According to guidelines set by 
the charter of the UCB, charter 
amendments must be approved by 
!he board. as well as two-thirds of 
either !he AS. or the GSA. 

TIle UCB passed the two amend-
ments on February 25 along with 
two other propo ed modifications 
which were withdrawn from the AS. 
vote. and postponed at the GSA 
vote. 

At Thesday night's GSA meet-
ing. the two amendments were ap-
proved because, as Fremont argued, 
"[graduate students) did not have 
the ability to run for and be chair ... 
but we pay !he same [university 
center) fees as undergmduates." 

The amendments were voted 
down by the AS. at its February 27 
meeting becau e many members 
voiced objection to the idea of the 
chair for the upcoming year being 
appointed by the previous year' 
board. 

"I have a problem with a lame 
du k body directing the new body. 
They 're going to be able to influ-
ence the focus of the new board," 
said AS. Vice President Adminis-
tmtive Ru~n Duran. 

A.S. Vice Pre ident Extemal 

II 

Molly McKay said that while she 
could support a board-elected chair. 
she disagreed with allowing the old 
board to elect a person to fi 11 the 
position. 

Long, along with UCB Vice 
Chair and GSA Representative to 
the AS. Paul Eykamp. responded 
thai the outgoing board would be 
bener qualified to elect a chair, as it 
would have a true understanding of 
!he position. 

A.S. members also arguod that, 
by not having the chair elected by 
the student body. srudc:nlS are denied 
a voice in the direction of the UCB. 

"Two million dollars is a lot of 
money for !he students not to have 
[aJ say [inJ," Duran said All student 
fees contribute to the UCB budget. 

A.S. President John Edson 
complained !hat, because the GSA 
voted in favor of the amendments. 
!heA.S. concem were overlooked. 

"We were given a role in the 
decision-making process for a cea-
son. For us to be systematically ig-
nored is wrong." he said. 

Edson argued that because the 
A.S. decision can be overlooked. 
!he AS. loses any kind of control 
over UCB. And since the AS. i a 
council elected by the students. 
Edson added. the students lose an-
other aspect of representation in the 
UCB. 

"We have justlo t a big check on 
the UCB," he said. "It ' whole-
heartedly unfair right now. The UCB 
has no compulsion to listen to us." 

Long countered Edson' tate-
ments, noting that "the A.S. is so 
concemed about its power over the 
UCB ... !hat it ' forgetting that the 
UCB i different. It's not nearly as 
political as the A.S." 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 7, 1991 

SUSPECT: Extradition pr~ures begun 
Continued from pege 1 the entrance to the swunnung pool possibility that some of !he victims 
tims had just finished showering or at the Buena Vista Gardens - the may have been followed home from 
were beginning to undress, with the apartment complex where Prince, a fitness club on Miramar Road 
attacker entering the apartment Weinhold, and third victim HoUy TIle first victim in the series, San 
through an unlocked door. Suzanne Tarr's brother lived - Diego State English major Tiffany 

With the exception of the first shows that Prince was using the Paige Schultz, belonged to the same 
case, the murder weapons are all swimming pool at the same time as heaI!h club as the aarks. 
believed to be knives taken from Tarr. TIle unidentified woman whose 
somewhere inside the apanmenl Tarr, a high school student and Scripps Ranch apartment was bur-
1be weapon used in the first case aspiring actress from Okemos, gJarized also has a membership at 
has no! been located. Michigan, was stabbed to death on the club. 

Authorities also believe thaI the Apr. 3,1990. She had been visiting It has nOI been eSlablished 
attacker followed the victims home. her brother for spring break. whether Prince had a membe~p 

ror example, a sign-in sheet at Police are also investigllling the at the health club or not. 

Students, faculty, and community members rallied in support of Israel in the Price Center on 
Tuesday. Speakers at the rally included a UCSD professor and two local rabbis. 

ATTENTION STUDENTS: THE ASUCSD IS 
LOOKING FOR GOOD MEN AND WOMEN! • • 

ARE YOU AMBITIOUS? WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE CHANGES ON CAMPUS? DO YOU WANT TO GET INVOLVED? DO YOU W ANT YOUR VOICE TO BE 
HEARD? THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNlTY: 

RUN FOR OFFICE IN THE 
1991 ASUCSD SPRING ELECTIONS! 

FILING DATES: March 6th thru March 15th 
8 :00 am to 4:00 pm 

No Filing During Finals or Break Week! 
LAST DAY TO FILE: April 18t, 8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
WHERE: In the A.S. Office, Price Center, Third Floor 

SEE ANNA! 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE: EXECUTIVE OFFICERS; 
A.S. President 
Vice President Administrative 
Vice President Finance 
Vice President External Affairs 

SENATORS; 

COMMISIONERS; 
Academic Affairs 
Communications 
Programming 
Public Relations 
Operations, Services & 

Enterprises 

Sophomore, Junior and Senior Senators for: Muir, Revelle, Third, 
Warren, & Fifth. 

(FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT ANNA IN TIlE A.S. OFFICE AT 534-4450) 

7 FEATURES 

Some of ucsO's 
Threatened Species 

~ 

FEATURES 
The UCSD Guardian 

• Development contributes to the destruction of the 
habitats of many species. Ten years ago, deer 
roamed UCSD. Numerous other species are 
slowly disappearing from campus. 

Black Tailed Gnatcatcher 

Bell's Vireo 

Coastal Sage 

Rattlesnake 

Jeff QuaniGuardian Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Thursday, March 7,1990 

• UCSD works to protect its 
ecologically important lands 
By Sangeeta Mehta 
Associate Features Editor 

It cunies through !he canyon in search of 
prey. But nails and bits of concrete are all that 
it finds. Development has destroyed not only its 
sOllrce of food, but. also its habitat. Mere sur-
vival has become a challenge ... 

If development continues at its current rate, 
this could be the situation of !he whip-tailed 
lizard, oneor many endangered animal species 
found on campus. UCSD's flora. such as coastal 
sage scrub. is also in danger. 

"Because of development pressures ... there's 
very little of[thescrubJ left anymore," explained 
biology professor Ted Case. "Natural lands 
have been convened to very modified habi tat . 
Many species ... can no longer survive in those 
areas.'" 

According to Pam Jenkinson, UCS D's se-
nior planner, the campu • natural resources 
have been deteriorating for decades. 

"Over the years, !he vegetation started di-
minishing. Areas were cleared for agricultural 
use. In !he • 4Os, a portion of this land was used 
for a Marine base ... the natural landscape [has 
been] chipped away," she said. 

Concem over UCSD's ecosystem "has al-
ways existed," Jenkinson said . "Open space 

preserves were included in [UCSD's] Long 
Range Development Plan (LRDP) since 
1963." 

It was not until 1989. however, that a 
comprehensive open space nelwork plan 

wasinsritutedtopreservetheuniver.;ity's 
natural resources. 

The updated LRDP of 1989 and its 
associated Master Plan delineates a 
definite open space network on cam-
pus, Jenkinson explained. 

Hence,!heformationofthe''Parlc,'' 
a collective term used for UCSD 
lands !hat have been set aside for 
protection. 

Encompas~ing UCSD s 
shoreline, naturally vegetated 

hillsides and canyons, eucaJ yptus 
groves, open green area" and play-

ing fields, the Park covers a large 
portion of UCSD: the central and north-

ern parts of campus, additional portions of 
campuseastofInterstate5, and Scripp Institute 

See PARKS, page 9 

Monarch Butterflies Struggle for Survival in UCSD's Changing Environment 
By James Collier 
Senior Staff Writer 

When it comes to living conditions, 
mortarCh butlerfl ies are lough customer.; 
to please, but several sites at UCSD fit the 
bill for their stringent habitat require-
ments. 

"They are extremely picky," said 
David Marrion, a butterfly collector who 
routinely studies the monarchs here. 

Monarchs rnigmte to UCSD every 
winter from Utah, Arizona, Nevada, 
Colorado, and New Mexico. Marriott said 
!he butterflies chose their current habitat 
at UCSD because it has the "the perfect 

condit ions for wind chill, barometric 
pre sure, tempemture, and humidity .... 
That 's why they go to the same place 
every year." 

Marrion noted that monarch habitats 
have the same geographical and physical 
characteristics. "I've learned how to hunt 
down habitats by just knowing how they 
look," he said. 

According to Marriott, there are ap-
proximately 10,000 monarch butterflies 
on campus. The eucalyptus grove near 
Mandeville Hall has approximately 6,000 
monarchs. Smaller groups of butterflies 
congregate near Urey Hall, the Coast 

Apartments, the Salk Institute, and a 
newly discovered habitat near the 
Supercomputer. 

Marrion said each of the separate 
habitats are interrelated."I get Salk but-
terflies !hat goto the Coast ApanmenlS . .. 
It's caUed inter-colony movement, and 
that's very important for someone who's 
ecologically minded. Each of the sites 
function togelher. " 

Damage to one habitat affects the 
o!her.;, Marriott said. The smaller sites 
serve as "stepping stones" for the larger 
Mandeville site, as well as mating areas. 

See MONAR,CHS. page 10 Katy Roe/Guardian 



8 PHOTO The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 7, 1991 

BY SEAN DREILINGER 

FOLLOW HIS FOOTSTEPS 
• Reflections on a Recent Trip to Little Yosemite yalley 
,rWhen he CRn retJd God directly, the 

bour is too preciolls to be wasted in other 
111m 's transcripts of their readings . ., 

-]oh1l Muir, Glacial Eye p.38 
As students of John Muir College, we 

salute the man. We visit the elt ings of his 
narratives, journals, and books, hoping to 
share in his beautiful v ision of the"Range 
of Light." He was a founding member of 
the Sierra Club who fought for the preser-
vation of the wilderness. In the process, he 
motivated many people to seek out and see 
the sublime beauty of the Sierra Nevada 
for themselves. 

As students of the environment, we can only attempt to 
experience Muir's communion with nature. Muir traveled light 
- subsisting mostly on tea and breadcrust, using a fire built for 
warmth and pine boughs cut for a bed. Today we travel heavy, 

laden with technology. 
I wonder what John Muir would think 

ifbe bumped into our backpacking party. 
WhatwouJdhemake ofourmulti-coursed 
meals prepared on miniature gas stoves? 
Would he envy our ability to work at 
night , illuminated by electric head-
lamp?Would he like sleeping inside a 
tent, warmed and comforted by a down 
sleeping bag and a ponable air mattress? 
What would he havethought of our mon-
strous hiking boots? (Muir detested the 
term "hike. '') 

Mostofall,I wonder what Muir would 
have to say when he discovered that a coUege had been named 
in his honor? Ironically, John Muir never completed his own 
coUege educatioo. He dropped out of the University of Wis-
consin as a sophomore in the rnid-l860' s, to become a full time 

s~ntoftheeDv~L 

11 SPORTS 

How to Live Life 
As a Winner 
B (CAUSE SUNDAY IS 11IE DAY that the CAA elect the 64 teams thaI will 

play in the CAA tournament , 
my thought are turning to 
college hoop . And especially 
the University of Nevada, Las 
Vegas. 

Jerry Tarkanian's boy have 
been ranked number one all year. 
Hell, they haven't 10 t a game. 
And I doubt that they ' ll lose any 
tournament games, either. 

The Runnin ' Rebels are 
winners, plain and si mple. ] 
don' t have a history of being 
affili ated with winning sports 
teams - for example, my eighth 
grade bru.ketball team lost every 
game it played, includ ing one 82-
2 pasting. 

In fac t, the day after we lost 
by 80, I went to school with a 
paper bag over my head. 

Because of this winning past. 
I'm fa cinated by UNLV. What 
are the lives of those players 
like? Hmm . Here's my theory. 

A UNL V Hoop Star's Day: • Wake up, j ump in shower, 
dress, get books, head off to 
class. 

• Today's lecture in Casino 
Management 100: "Tricky Card 
Facts: Jacks Are Really Worth 
I I." 

• Go to internship at local 
casino. Pick up $1 ,000 check 
from pit boss. 

• Drive Jaguar down to bank, 
deposit money. 

• Return to campus for Casino 
Management section. Topic: 
"Exacting Payment from 
Cheapskates." Your TA is Bobby 
"The Kneecap" G rizella. 

• Go to team practice. Tell 
Mrs. Tarkanian that she's pretty. 
Tell Coach Tarkanian- that he 's 
not a crook. 

• Layups. Shoot around. More 
layups. 

• Practice ends sa that new 
checks can be distributed. 

• Drive Ferrari down to bank, 
deposit money. 

L UNCHTIME. TIME for a relaxing break from the 
hectic life of a Division I 
basketball star. Will it be the 
Prime Rib or the New York 
Steak today? Decisions, deci-
sions. 

• AIIQIMr class. Fortwwcly, 
this one's a little easier. It's a 
crosslisted Physical EducatiOD/ 
Political Science class on 
Athletic Law. Today: "Rules of 
the NCAA." 

See SCORE, Page 13 

SPORTS 
Th UCSD Guardian 

Brian Morris/Guardian 

T hursd ay, March 7, 1991 

he Tritons Hunt 
For Red Otterbein 
• Preview: Marshall 
faces a double 
whammy: Rapp is 
questionable, and 
Otterbein is shrouding 
itself in secrecy 
By Ken Perlman 
Staff Wnter 

U SD men 's basketball lIead 
'oach Tom Mar hall and the Tn-

Ions are heading to Westerville, 
Ohiolhi weekendlofa eOttcrbcln 
in the CAA I>cctionals. But they 
are not heading there at lull 
strength. 

Guard Tim Rapp. who suffered 
a second-degree spra ined ankle lasl 
Saturday in UCSD's 76-72 wi ll 
over Claremont, is listed as que,-
1I0nable for Friday's game against 
the Cardinals. 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Semor forward Gordon McNe;1I 
Marshall said. "1 don't know ... 
we're on a day-to-day basis wllh 
him." 

Marshall noted that Rapp might 
be able to contribute offenSively, 
bu t defensively he may not have 
the necessary mObility. 

Rapp's injury just might be Ihe 
least of Marshall ', problems. 

Junior Has Emerged as an Inside Force 
Rapp is currently undergoing 

phySIcal therapy and ultrasound 
Irealments. but according to Head 
Tramer MarCIa KlaIber, Rapp's 
immediate future IS uncertaIn. 

Accordmg to Marshall, Otter-
bein, an 88-62 winner over 
WIttenberg College (OH) last 
Saturday mghl , is one of DiVision 
Ill 's best kept sec reI'>. By Craig Elslen 

Staff Writer 
Rick Batt IS a study in con 

trasts. 
Standing tall at 6 '7", Batt IS 

an Imposing force in the paInt 
for the UCSD men's basketball 
tearn . Off the court, however, 
the junior forward is perfectly 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Louie Diaz scored a run in the 
Tritons'three-run third inning. 

Wiping Off 
The Rust 
• Preview: Softball 
to play first 'games in 
more than a week 
By ........... Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Edtor 

Rainy days, rainy days ... 
Because of the cancellation 

of las! weekend's games due to 
rain, it's been over a week since 
the UCSD softball team bas 
faced an opponent, and the Tri-
tons are geUing restless. 

"After a while, practice gets 
really boring," Head Coach 
MelissaJarreU said. "It's really 
hard to keep motivation and 
drive up." 

Jarrell said that she has tried 

WIlling to let others take credit 
for the team's ~uccess, operal 
109 as the comummate team 
player. 

Coaches throughout the 
country have taken notice of 
Batt this year, selecting him to 
the All-Western Region sec-

See BATT, Page 16 

"It's a second degree i 11 versIon 
.lnkle sprain ... a moderate spraill. 
It·, usually about a two-week ill 
jury." KlaIber saId. 

" It's about 60 percent it of 
I Wedne~y morning]. It Jefinite1y 
won't be 100 percent by Friday, 
but probably 80 percent or better." 

"Tim would like to thi nk that 
Tim is fine, but we know better," 

"Ouerbein wi II tell Ill\.! nothing," 
Marshall said. 

"You can't get Ilntomlatlon] 
from any team in theIr confer-
ence ... They won't gIve [me] 
anything. 

"They only play three or four 
games outside their conference 

See M. HOOP, P.age 17 

Baseball Slays Another Goliath 
• Tritons (3-8) knock off second Division I 
opponent of the year as USD falls 10-9 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball team has 
s truggled all season, running up a 
2-8 record before Tuesday's game 
against USD. Butwhen it comes to 
playing David to someone's Gol-
iath, the Tritons have the ir act down 
pat. 

For the second time this season, 

to keep the team focused as it 
prepares to face Regis this af-
ternoon at 1 p_m. and Azusa Pa-
cific on Friday. 

According to Jarrell, neither 
team should prove too difficult 
for the Tritons. 

"By exam week, we should 
be 11-2," Jarrell said. anticipat-

the Tritons broke out Ihe sling-
shots and struck the giant between 
the eyes, stunning the Toreros 10-
9. UCSD (3-8) broke its three-
game losing streak, and improved 
its record against Division I teams 
to 2-0. Back in February, UCSD 
beat SDSU 2-1 . 

In a game that featured a total of 
10 pitchers, the Tritons traded leads 

Dianna Moreno 

ing a win next weekend over La 
Verne. 

The Tritons defeated Regis 
twice in a doubleheader last year, 
and split its first meeting with 
Azusa while sweeping the Cou-
gars later in the season. UCSD (6-
2) is currently ranked third in the 

See SOFTBALL, Page 12 

with USD for eight innings. UCSD 
countered the Torero offensive 
attack, banging out 16 hits on the 
day, while USD (9-9-2), collected 
15 hits of its own. 

But it wasn' t enough to over-
come the Tritons. 

UCSD, for the first time this 
year, reached double digits in runs 
scored, and saw each of its starters 
hit safely at least once. 

After a scoreless first inning, 
See BASEBALL, Page 13 

Volleyball 
Can't Get 
Started 
By Joel Kurzman 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball 
team just doesn ' t seem to have a 
fi rst string. Regular staners, but no 
fi rst string . So who stans? 

Head Coach "Digger" Groybill 
had his regulars play a match 
against the so-called reserves to 
see who wouldearn the stan against 
12th-ranked Ball State and the ir-
regulars won. 

So same unfamiliar faces started 
Tuesday night's game. 

But it dido' t last long. 
The Cardinals j umped allover 

See M. V-BALL, Page 13 



12 SPORTS 

Perm & HIghlight 
SPECIAL 
$20.00 off 
regular price 

Haircuts $5.00 off 
PAMPfR YOURSELF AT 

Co li for an appointment 
553·1434 or 695·2275 (Home) 

8650Gen_ 
Costo Verde Center 

Suite 214 
Ask for Maggie 

Exp. 4/30/91 . Pioose bring od WIth 
you at time at your vISIt 

Flrst-TIme Client Only 

The UCSD Guardian 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 11 
West Region. 

It seems as though the makings 
of a victory are in place for today' S 
matchup. According to JarreU, one 
of Regis' pitchers broke a couple 
of fingers earlier this week, so the 
team will be able to play only one 
game against the Tritons rather 
than the scheduled doubleheader. 

"They haven't been known to 
be that strong in the past," JarreU 
said. "TIley probably want to get a 
few wins at the end of their trip ... 
I think we're a bener team." 

But Jam:1l is not counting her 
chickens before they're hatched. 

"You can't go in thinking you're 
going to win," she said. "Azusa is 
usually a little, scrappy team. 

"You can't underestimate 
them," she added. "They'd love to 

DIJ<NU 1'01 ""'0 AT Bl's CHICAOO P,ZZU,A. 
R UNNEal-l/P WD.J.. kJ5CElVE A FR£Il PrTCHll OP 
MICHU.OIDMl'r.o:a, DIt SOOA. AT BJ's. LOCAlm 
110/ I..A JOlLA VUAOll $QuAlE. A UST Ill' AlJ. W'INNeU 
WIU. 'E >OSTED AT Brs !AOf WID< AND _.",.,.. 
PiEm1'O SHOW IDEN'T1PtCATlON TO CLAIM PkJZt$. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who holds the NBA record for 
points in a single game? 
2. What team does Kirk Gib on 
play for? 

Thunday, March 7, 1991 

beat a Division ill school." 
J am:1I noted that Dana Chaiken 

and Stephanie Molina have been 
the most productive Tritons to date 
offensively. Jarrell also cited the 
improved hitting of Pam Hamack, 
LYM Moreno, and Lisa Mora. 

Kim Stutzman is scheduled to 
start against Regis, and Dianna 
Moreno and Kathy Fogg are ex-
pected to take the mound against 
Azusa. 

world? teffiGraf(asof2-28"91) 
2. True or Fal e: The San 
Francisco 4gers have changed their 
team logo. False 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Los Angele Clippers? Mike 
Shuler 
4. Who won golfs Los Angeles 
Open? Ted chultz 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ What are you lookin' at? Rules and Regulations: 
3. Who i the head coach of Ihe 
Orlando Magic? 
4. Why did USIU discontinue its 
ba kerbaU program? 

S. In what stadi um do the 
Sacramento King play their home 
games? Arco Arena 
6. Who was the number one draft 
pick in the NBA in 19877 David 
Robinson 

Nothmg. PIiJ{C 4 dl play !d In the GuurJ,an.lll<J help u (jilin the blank •. 534.3466. ·SE'<Dna:r.HTIIYON AN 81 /l" OY II" SHEl!TIlI' S. True or Fal e: Jack Nicklaus 
won the 1991 Doral Open. 

,""I'ER AWNCI wmt YOl~ NAM£. VIAA IN SOtc>Ot.. 
-v;---,.-- - - - - - _ - ____ _ HOl4.BTOWN, C'OU..IiGIi l'OU AnD lD AT UCSD. MAJOIt, 

"-'0""",,, ..... TO: SPOaTS EDITOR. UCSO 
7. Who won last year's Stanley 
Cup? Edmonton 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & GOMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

Gl.AIlOIAN. 9 G,e"",,, DRIV1! 03 t 6. I..A JOlLA, 
CA 92093-0316. YOUc"'AUODltOPrrOf'FlN'rn£ 
SFQOtT\ Eon ... ·' .u. AT TlOl G UARDIAN 0FF1CI!, 
UXAT1'D 1~TH.f n l)£Vf CLVTD., " ClOSS FROM nG! 
o'\'w, 

' Ace UCS D mJ[)£.~, STAW. AND FACUUY 
J ARE EUCiIIllTO ENTU, o.cr.rr fOI. G UAItDiANSTAf'fI 
I ML,,"OO"OtMn.OI'fESOI' BJ'sCHICAOO 1'IzzF.JuA. 

-Ttm P[R$()t.I 'A ttO COMES UfO WrrH nm MOST I 
WD..1.. Iii: UCOOHIZE.O WHEN ntE. QUIZ 1$ f"'lUNT'ED nm 
fUUDwtNO "'Ul.. 1.H nm £\ '£HT Of' A ne. A DRA WINO 
" 'IlL IE HElD TO DC'T'D.MM n il WIHNEJl. T»os6 

WlNNEM Yr UJ.. aECOfr,jSIDE.RED R '£ItS-UP. 

6. Who wa the 1988-89 NBA 
Rookie of the Year? 
7. Who won the 1990 National 
League Cy Young Award? 
8. TrueorFal e:BenoitBenjamin 
is the econd-highest paid center 
in the NBA. 
9. Where do the Chicago Bulls 
play their home games? 
10. Who is the UCSD men' 
basketball team's opponent this 
Friday? 

8. Name last year' Division I 
Final Four participanls. Georgia 
Tech, UNL V, Duke, Arkansas 
9. Where do the California Angel 
hold spring training? Mesa, 
Arizona and Palm Springs, CA 
10. Who did the UCSD oft ball 
team defeat on Tuesday? Redlands 

Last week's winner: 

3211 Holiday a. (next to Domino's PIzza) ·452-9949 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I -0",1. Y ONE VOlt Y PD P'El$()'I PER QUIZ. No 

MASS· PRODUCm ENT1UF..SwtLl.IlEACCEYt"ED. ENntms 
MUST B AT mE G UAJIDIAN BY f\OJN WEDfI,'UOA V. 

.THi!<lIlM1> I"RI2I!. WI'-'NEa. 'WILL IlEa.JVI! A FR.E£ 

Last week's questions: 
Aaron Danzer, Muir, Junior, 
Political Science - San Jose 
RUDDer's up: M·F 8 :30·6 p .m . E. 3 2H 91 

Sat. 1-4 p .m. WIth UCSD ID 

ALL 
POLO 

FRAMES 
ON SALE $10500 

r---I-------, 
1200/0 OFF I 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT LENSES I OR BACKUP GLASSES WHEN PUR· I CHASED WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS. I 
L (Offer expires 3 '28191) 
----------..1 

ASK ABOUT OUR NO-WAIT 
REPLACEMENTS STARTING 
AS LOW AS $19 PER LENS 

WE NOW HAVE DISPOSABLE 
CONTACT LENSES 

visioncare 
6780 Miramar Rd. 

1", miles east 01805 behind Calfs Jr. 

578·6796 

1. Who is Ihe top-ranked 
women's tennis player in the 7; list posted at Bl's 

A.S. LECTURE NOTES 
IS HIRING!! 

A.S. Lecture Notes Service is now hiring notetakers 
for the Spring 1991 quarter. If you are motivated, 
like to set your own hours, and take clear, concise 
notes then a job as an ASLNS notetaker might be 
for you. 

We are covering various classes in the 
following subjects: 

Anthropology 
Chemistry 
Communications 
Economics 
ECE 
Physics 

Biology 
CSE 
Philosophy 
Political Science 
Sociology 
Psychology 

If you are interested in a position as an 
ASLNS notetaker , please stop by Career 

Services and pick up a job referral, and then 
stop by our office in the Old Student Center 

and pick up an application, 

Thursday, March 1,1991 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 11 
UCSD sophomore left-hander 
Ryan Flanagan found himself in 
hot water. Flanagan, leaning on a 
one-run lead, surrendered three 
runs - two unearned - in the 
bottom half of the second inning. 

The Tritons bounced back with 
three runs in the top of the third to 
take a 4-3 lead. Second baseman 
Erikk Aldridge, who went 2-for-5 
with two stolen bases, led off the 
inning with a line-drive single to 
left. Following Louie Diaz' s walk, 
senior Karl Friedl roped an RBI 
single to right, scoring Aldridge. 

Diaz and Friedl then scored on 
a wild pitch and a ground ball off 
the bat of Joe DeFranco. 

USD responded with two runs 
in the third iMing and two in the 
fourth. Still, UCSD had an answer. 

Sandwiched between USD's 
two-run innings, the Tritons 
touched three Torero pitchers for 
five runs. Nowlan's bases-loaded 
double and Sanchez's single 
sparked the inning. 

Sophomore reliever Kevin 
Hathaway (1-0), who took over for 
Flanagan in the third, threw three 
and one-third innings to pick up 
his first collegiate win. 

Kurt Luhrsen, Bryan Thom-
ason, and Brent Hansen all made 
trips to the mound for the Tritons. 
After Hathaway hurled two 
scoreless innings, he ran into 
trouble in the seventh. Yates went 
to Luhrsen and Thomason to put 

SCORE 
Continued from page 11 

• Growing sadness at the real-
ization that you might have missed 
breaking a few of them. The sad-
ness ebbs when you realize that 
you're being paid more than the 
professor. 

• Give a prospective player the 
campus tour: gym, weight room, 
lectUre hall, casino laboratory, hotel 
laboratory, sports arena. 

• Give the recruit a check. 
• Drive Mercedes down to bank, 

open bank account for recruit. 
• More practice. Layups. Mock 

game. Rub Tark's head for luck. 
• As practice ends, pass UNL V 

athletic director in tunnel. He tells 
you that he's finished pressing your 

The UCSD Guardian 

Doran Yount and the Tritons have knocked off two Division I 
opponents this season, including USD 10-9 Tuesday afternoon. 

out the seventh-inning Torero fire. 
But USD touched the Triton 

relievers for two more runs, mak-
ing the score 10-9 with the bases 
loaded. Yates then called on 
Hansen, nonnalJy a starter. 

"I knew we were in a position to 
win the game," Yates said. "So I 
figured we should go with our best." 

Hansen responded with two 
quick outs, one on a ground ball to 
fll'St. Ted White cut the runner down 
at the plate. 

Hansen, after another USD 
threat in the bonom of the eighth, 

. 

shirts, but hasn't gotten the blood-
stain out of the blue one yet. You 
teU him to be quick about it, and hit 
the showers. 

Dinnenime. Dinner tonight is 
wi&h an athletic booster. He says 
he's willing to pay you $20/hour to 
work at his auto dealership this 
summer. 

"You can work 40,60,80 hours 
a week if you want," he says. 
"Come in whenever you want. 
Heck, don't even come in. We'll 
pay you anyway." 

With summertime employment 
covered, the time comes to consider 
another dilemma: will it be the 
crab or lobster? 

• Afterdinner, it's time to study. 
Go home and playa game of poker 
with the guys. Remember the Jack 

struck out the last hitter of the 
game to secure the victory. 

White and Nowlan led the Tri-
tons offensively with three hits 
apiece. Nowlan, who dressed for 
the first rime since a knee injury 
against The Master's on Feb. 16, 
proved to be a big factor Tuesday. 

"He told me he was ready to 
go," Yates said. "Defensively, we 
really need him back. I'm not go-
ing to rush it, though. As long as he 
can swing the bat for us [as DH], 
he'll have a big impact on how we 
do in the next few games." 

is worth II. Be sure that nobody in 
the room has a loaded gun. 

• Drive Lamborghini down to 
bank, deposit poker winnings. 

• Head back to campus. As 
you're wal.k.ing back to your room, 
you're stopped by another booster. 
He reminds you about the recruit-
ing trip to the state prison that's 
scheduled for after the tournament. 
You wonder if the place has 
changed much since you were 
there. 

• Reserve first-class seat on 
plane to Final Four. 

• Nod off into dreamland. No-
body said being a student-athlete 
would be easy. 

Wow. What a life . 
I bet Larry Johnson never wore 

a bag over his head. 

·ROUNDTRlPSI· 
...... ... $431 IYIIEY ... _ 
COITA/ICA ..... SIll 
AMIYIRIWI tram ... 
DIUI .... me UIIIIUIII ...._ 
CGlIMWIEJt ..... S77II 
NO ... 11_ 
__ ... 11. 
IIYC/D.C.I ...... .. 
............. 
......... w, .... L-. 
............. u. ... 

·L.0IIt .... ,.. ...... 
.,2 2'1 " I D? ....... 
• ........ LI. CllaT_ 
·M ...... ,. ....... 

,..,,--_. 
a.._,ca_ 

' ·800· 777·0 11 2 A 
21 ]·931-5781 

~j 
,< T 4 TllA'iLl 

SPORTS 13 

GoH Sets Record at 
Riverside's Expense 
By Le. Bruvold 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD golf team continued 
its wiMing ways Monday as it 
blew away UC Riverside 282-316 
at the 6,Ol7-yard, par-70 Jurupa 
Hills Country Club in Riverside . 

The four-man cumulati vo score 
of 282 was the lowest in the 
program's history and was accom-
plished on a course which. ac-
cording to Head Coach Mike 
Wydra, wasn't that easy. 

U[Jurupa Hills] has very large. 
fast, undulating greens," Wydra 
said. " But our guys tore it up ... 
they shot the lights out." 

The most notable Triton perfor-
mance was turned in by junior Matt 
Stottem, who fired a three-under-
par 67 - the third-lowest score in 
UCSD history. 

Unbelievably, Stottern's round 
would have been even better if he 
hadn't hit one shot out of bounds 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 11 
the new Triton starting unit, 10-0, 
before Graybill inserted some of 
the regular players. but the results 
were only slightly better, as UCSD 
fell 15-7,15-12, 11-15, 15-5. 

Both Triton squads, reserves 
and starters, seemed to lack in-
tensity as they struggled with fun-
damentals. 

"Lack of intensity and a lack of 
execution is a bad combination," 
said Graybill after the match. 

"We've played berter," junior 
Gerry Goldstein said. "Weweren't 
doing the basic things." 

After dropping the first game, 
UCSD entertained Ball State with 
a see-saw second game that saw 
the lead change hands fi ve times, 
until the Cardinals went ahead for 
good at 10-7. 

"We just couldn't get consecu-
tive scoring opportunities," Gray-
bill said. "The pressure was on us 
the whole match," 

TheTritonsdid manage to streak 
their way to a win in game three, 
often going from hot to cold. Down 

ForYOUT 
convenience 
call ahead 

455·7229 

(fora tw()ostroke penalty) and three-
putted three times during the course 
of his otherwise immaculate round. 

Stottem more than made up for 
his bad luck when he scored an 
eagle two on the par-four sixteenth 
hole by sinking a ISO-yard seven· 
iron shot. 

He holed an "impossible" 30-
foot downhill putt and a long, 
snaking 70-footer for birdie dur-
ing the course of the round. 

"He may have used up all of his 
luck for the year in Ihis match," 
Wydra said. 

The top four was rounded out 
by Devin Thomas with an even-
par 70, Dale Abraham with a 71, 
and Bob Knee's 74. 

Wydra was enthusiastic about 
Knee's score, which included a 
birdie on the final hole. 

"[After some early-season 
sluggishness) I think Bob is start-
ing to come around," Wydra said. 

and apparently out, sophomore 
Lamson Lam provided a block and 
kill in the same rally to earn a 
sideoutand spark the Tritons to the 
15-12 win . 

The momentum, however. ap-
parently died between games, as 
UCSD was blown out 15-5 in the 
fourth and final game. 

The streaky Tritons put up some 
weak numbers. In the horrid first 
game, UCSD's success rate for 
kills was a laughable negative three 
percent, compared to Ball State's 
36 percent. 

UCSD also struggled with its 
fundamentals. erring on 16 serves. 
The biggest difference, however, 
was in the outside hitting, where 
UCSD got less-than-spectacular 
performances from some of its top 
players. 

The Triton play in the middle 
was a bright spot. Both Lawrence 
WemerandBruce Williams turned 
in good showings, but the overall 
lack of execution doomed the 
Tritons to the loss. 

"We're a young team ... lt was 
fundamentals that seperated us 
from them tonight," Graybill said. 

Costa 
Verde 
Center 
west of 
urc 

"Best Mexican food In San Diego" -KfMB-lV. Channel 8 

Make Us ~our 
Hang Out Place! 

1 00/0 OFF* i:! ;::~::aU~ulD~m, anytime • 
·Not .. ~ wi" lIlY _ olio< or opocioI. 

---------11---------1 Save over $1 50 1 Save over $1 00 • 
III 
• Bunito Ranchero I Bunito Grande 1 I with rice and black beans I RIc.I! , black beans, ~. suaamole. I 

chee$e. sour awn. salsa and came asada 1 $369 &1 orchldtenlna"O\~tortIlla I 
• 1 &. soft drink $399 1 
• Notvalidwi"lIIY_oIfotoropociol. V ... ~.c:.// '1 Not YU""""'_oIfot or sptQIi. V ... ~.c:.J.I . • 

EJp.lr28I9 l -~ Exp 3/2SIjl -~ L ________ ;. -&.: ________ "_..I 



( , 

1. CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
YOUR JEWISH ADDRESS AT UCSDI 
Jewish Campus Centers provides 
warmth, education, prayer, lOCiallzlng. 
Connect with Union of Jewish Studen1S1 
502 Mallhews; east of the Price Cen .. r. 
Cal RabbI SlotnIck, 534-2521. (In.3I 
15) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
ThuF1day, March 7, 4:00 pm: a talk by 
Eberhald Goerner, Scriptwriter from the 
former GDR TV version of 
·Selletversuch· by Christa WOll. In the 
Ll\erature Bldg., Rm. 3155. Fr ... (317) 
"You can no more win a warthan you can 
win an eatthquake." Jeannette RankIn 
(118().1973) (1/17·3114) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faCUlty and staff, and $4 for others. Paymenr 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companions~ip ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316, Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

BooI1 your resumel Pick up an application 
for the Golden Key NatIonal Honor SodeIy 
at USB 4000. AppIicaIIons due March 
20th. Juniors and senm with minimum 
3.4 GPA are eligible. (1128-3114) 
ANXIOUS? Nervoua?Tenae?VoIuntHr 
for FREE research studlee evaluating 
medications for anxlely. AlII8IVIceI are 
free to suitable voIunteelS. 18 or older, 
call Fe6gtlo_ A •• II rc'11ne11tute at554-
0100. (2125-317) 
Ir. comlngl The March Sidewalk Sale. 
Save 20%-70% on Spor1awMr. March 
16-22 - UCSO Bookstore. (314-317) 
Wednesday nights _ UCSD NIght at 
the La Jolla Brewery. Gat pints oflhe bill 
!ailing beer In San Diego for only $1 .75. 
Check It out, and tell 'em the GUIIIdan 
sent you. (314-3114) 
Elt cheap at Savoy Chlnaee 
Reetaurant - Dally specials on 
complele lunch for $3.95 or dinner for 
$5.95. ExIra 10'% off t01a1 bill wllh 
Guardian display ad Feb. 28. Take a 
study break and Indulge at Savoy -
4690 Convoy St, 495-9139. (314-3114) 
Please come to the Intemational Center, 
March 8 to hear prominent faculty talk 
aboutJapan_perspectlvesonlh.war. 
March 8,12-1:30 p.m. (314-317) 
Wednesdays are UCSD night al W 
Brewery. From 8:30 till cloling you can 
get $1 .75 pints of Ihe best beer In San 
Diego. One taste and you'll come back 
for more. And don't forget, lell 'em the 
Guardian sent you.(2121-3114) 
MODERN ZOO at Revelle Plaza, noon to 
1 :oop.m. Freel Last day of classes, March 
15th.(317·3I14) 
ATIENTION WARREN COMMUTERSI 
Come to a commuter meeting loday at 
Sp.m.ln the Warren ApartmentCommons 
lounge. Express your concerns, help set 
up commuter government and get 
Information.(317) 
Even though the war is over remember to 
support our servicepeople In the Persian 
GuHI Come to the SOS Fair tomorrow 
from 11 to 4 in front of WLH.(3I7) 
INXS-tNXS-INXS-Very Good Seats 
for April 8th. Don't miss out! Call Eddy 
458·9845 (3n.3I1 4) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student Discounts. 558·4644/226·1962. 
(1/17·3114) 
PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germalns. 
452·9949. (1122·6/6) 

TAX PREPARATION. Very8CCU"~ 
reIabIe. CIoM to campus and student 
diIcountl. Call MIKE: 558-7853 (217·31 
11) 
Math tutoring. CompeIent, cartng help 
for tho .. ov.rwh.lmed. Don't b. 
ctatr.ued. SlJdent rates, call, 483-7818. 

(211~3Il1) 

FACIAL, BODYWRAP, WAXING, 
LASHTINT, 20'% off 11m time cIenIII. 
Plnwhee1e COIta Verde, 558-1858. (21 
19-317) 

lIoequlto Auto Repair. Subaru a 
HondM. By appointment. Belt rat8lln 
NartlCounty. Profesalonall5v-s, 758-
2332. (2121-4111) 
UftHOLSTEAY IY QALE. Boatll , 
Fumlture, CUIhions, Pillows. R..anabIe 
rates. 0ceanIIde 758-2332.(2121-4111) 
GET YOUR MOTOR RUNNING I Low 
cost tune up&- 4 cyl. $29.99, 6 cyl. 
139.99, includea spark plugs, tlrnlngadj., 
carburetor adj. Smog Check only $19.99. 
CaD AUTO CARE. 558-2438.(2121·31 
14} 
WORD PROCESSING .... erythlng from 
term papers to resumes . 24 HOUR 
SERVICE AVAILABLE, 7·DAYS A 
WEEK. 45().0812. (2119'317) 
GREATOEALS IN EYECAREI Dally soft 
cont8ctItee, extended_arlensea$89. 
seIecIed g1asllea $39 - 1nc1ud811 exam, 
cane kit, and follow upl See Guardian ad 
for Dr. John McDonald - locations in 
Cialremont 279·5858 and Kenslngton 
283·5858. (2125·3114) 
ANXIOUS? Nervous? Tense?Volunt.eer 
for FREE research studies evaluating 
medications for anxiety. All services are 
free to suitable volunteers. 18 or oider, 
call Feighner Re_rch 'natltuteat 554-
0100. (2125-317) 
TyplngIWord processing. Tenm papers, 
theses. resumes . Near school. 
reasonable prices. 453·05921291·9008. 
(2I25-3It<4) 
Word Processing- Student papers & 
resumes . Rush okay. Experienced. 
Student pricing. Call1npuVOutput at 587-
0080. (2128·4111 ) 
Word processlngl Typing! Editing from 
my home. Quick, accurate, discreet. 
Reports, ms .. theSis, corres .. resumes. 
scientific and technical. Daisywheel 
pnnter. disk storage. Per page or hourly 
rate. 563·0087. (2125-311 4) 
AUTO REPAI R YOU CAN AFFORD with 
the Guardian ad for Suspension Plus! 
FREE Inspections and alignment checks 
and low cost SpeCIals on brakes, Olt 
changes, and more. Close to campus on 
Miramar Rd. 558·8562. (2128·3111) 

Volunteers Needed 
for Acne Study 

Division of Dermatology 
School of Medicine 

Twelve week study involves datly 
application of lotion to skin and 

monthly visits for evaluation. 

Volunteers paid $50.00 for participation. 
If interested. call 534-4955 (leave name and number) 

or call 534-6847. 

Papers typed I Quickand atfordabIe. From 
$2Ipg. Call W Colony Resumas a 
ProfeaIonaI Typing. 45508357. lIMr 
printing I 80 ~ to cllOO8a flaml 
One day aervIc» avaIlabIe.(2f28.3l14) 
English lnatruclor will help edt PIIP8fI or 

~ ata r.-onabIe price. cal 
942-4454. (3I4-3Ill) 

Profeeslonal Word Proc.lling by 
SCRIBES. Papers , dissertations, 
manUlClipta, ras.rdI. l-' rat.-

Picku~ 226-8595. (314-4115) 

TyplnglWord processing - Flit, 
accurate. Pick up and delivery. Cell 
Sandy, 755-4316. (314-3114) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL : 
Experienced. Word Processing with 
editing for Reportll, Manuscripts, 
ReaurMS. Di .. ertallons. and Letters. 
Student Ratea. Modem.lIMr Printer. 9-
7 Mon.-Fri. Weekend Appointrnentl, 753-
5964. 1521 Summit Ave., cantfI.(3I7) 

WORD PROCESSING, EDITING. $21 
Page, free pickup & delivery. 7 Days! 
week. Irma 453-6282. (3/7-3114) 

MACINTOSH REPAIR: Problems with 
your favorite machine? Send us your 
sick, your weary, your olel Maca. Video, 
power supply, ftoppydrtve repair, memory 
upgrades. 10 years experience In 
computers. Friendly, guaranteed 18l'\l1ce. 
Free pick-up In S.DILa Jolla. Call the 
Macintosh specialists: ERIC· TRONICS, 
581-2339. (317·3I14) 

Word Processing: Term Papers, 
Resumes, Dissertations, RUSH JOBS. 
(20 years) 453-0656 (Leav. Messag., 
promptly answered) (317-3114) 

WANTED 
Need Cesh? W. deliver I Domino'. 
Pizza Is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opportunllies avaltable. 
Complete training program. If you are 18 
years old, have a valid drivers license, 
auto insurance, ar, excellent driving 
record, and access to a car, you can: 
Earnupto$1 01 hr. (totat comp.) Enjoy the 
freedom of being on the road, work flexible 
hours. APPLY TODAYI Domino's Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. 452·UCSD. 
Please apply after 3p.m. (1110·616) 

Summer management internship 
interv iews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing a team of 
employees. customers. and suppliers. 
Successfut applicants Will undergo 
extensive training. Average summer 
earnings range $8·1 5,000. Call·Student 
Painters· for Information. 1·800·426-
6441 . (1122-3111) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64-91 'to). after 
compIe\lng tllelr course worll. relT'llln wltn 
a d,ssertahon pendlllg comp!etoon Indefl' 
l1iIely Among these ABDs \A1~B. HIle· 

D,sse~at,on) are generally found the 
brghtest af'ld roost creat,ve candJdates 
Alkhssil19 those elements InVQ~ed 10 de· 
Ia)'lng completIOn. tile workshop guides 
part.clpants, lrom begll1ntng to folloWing 
through and comptetlOl1, partICUlarly after 
years of rlaClNlty and regardless of where 
they are In tile process 

Wor1\shop InIOrmabon 
985-0426 

POSlgradiJale Group 

Tired of low wages and long hcMn? 00 
you want to 88m more? (819) 758-4802. 
(214-4/25) 

I need200peopIedellring"""'wI\hout 
the corporate rat race. Cail271-4940 for 
InfoonlltkNl. 271-4940 (217-512) 

FUll TIME RESEARCH ASSISTANT-
SHIP PSYCHIATRY DEPT. UC IRVINE 
1-2 YEAR POSITION. StllIstlcal, 
CCIfT1IUtIr. cInIceI. r..-rch .aperiela 
piW1Ib1e. wen wtth PET, MAl cilia. 
For more Imolin.tloh cal: Chad (714) 
856-7881. (2114-2125) 

V~ supervisors needed tor teen 
hotIine. ~ be 21. Good exp. Plych 
nwjors. 278-7306. (314-317) 

Babytitterw needed. Call Super Sitters at 
755-0197 lor an Interview. (314-317) 
Customer service help wanted. NatIonal 
chIIin h1115 part and fuR time poaltIona 
available In the retail sales fle1d. No 
experience required. CIII 452-8292. (31 
4-4(4) 

MMER EMPLOYMENT-The BIg Bear 
Tennis Ranch needlliv.'n counseJors 
to WO/1{ 811 tennis, water sports, and 
recreation InstnJctors. Please calf 714 
7~formoralnformatlon.(317-3111) 

2 112 yr. veteran aIIImatIve band seeks 
professional management for nego1iating 
record contraclll, booking shows, 8IC. 
Joe 693-1016 sam· 5pm.(3/7-3I14) 
Looking for cash? Uke to work OUIdoors? 
I am looking for painters, will train, for 
weekends, spring break, and possibly 
summer. Cell Dan 558-2265, L .. ve 
measage.(317·3114) 
Guitarist and Vocalist wanted for band 
with Faith No More Influence. OrIginaUty 
& Writing ability preferred. No previous 
band e.perience necessary. Serlousonly. 
558·755O.(317·3111} 
Undergraduate music majors needed for 
Music Appreciation study. Space Is 
limited. Pays $5 for only 45 minutes I If 
you're Interested, contact Mitch at 457· 
0239.(317·3111 } 

FOR SALE 
'81 Jeep CJ7 4cy1. 53K runs great, salt 
top, many x·tras. Must sell 10 pay for 
Spring Otr. $4250. Call Darold 271 · 
6811 . (2114·3114) 
Car Amptifier ·Special Edition· A2100. 
100 Watts/Ch at .03% THO (Have 
receipts) $175. Also, ported subwoofer 
box professionally built to formula wlfour 
8 Inch poly woofers $250. Tim 793· 
2627.1317·3111) 

... 

-1688 Convoy St. 
Kearny Mesa 
576-8542 

13 
32nd&Man 
San Ooego 

281·9083 

12 
1800 9 Aoseaans 

PlLoma 
225-0279 

11 
34C3 1JnIverSIIy 

Iiorth ParII 
280-9883 

• We bag every comic 
• Games & Cards 
• We offer Free Discounts 
• In store subscription service 
• We're open until 7 p.m. every day 

Thursday, March 7,1991 

Hey Beginners! 2 used sur1boards: 6'.· 
only $75 each. Wetsults tool Call 556-
8037. (2121·317) 
Scorpio.-. concert March 11. First row, 
lower level MIlS next to stage. Call Alex 
458-9845. (2125-317) 

12·Speed SA RacIng ProAm, Blue, 58cm. 
GranCoupe BrIkM, FujiCratlkI, Sumour 
Den111leurs, $380 abo. 755-1320.(2128-
317) 

1985 KanaakI GPZ550 New Tlree, New 
Chain, New Sprocket, Peid $900, Sell 
5700 abo. 755-1320. (2128-317) 

ZENITH SUPERSPORT LAPTOP AND 
EPSON 24 PIN PRINTER. 20MB HD, 
3.5· floppy, Im.mai modem, babry, 
softw .. , canylng CIIM, printer cable, 
manual. AJlIor $1000. PIeaM c:aI1 454-
8431ieave -.ga.(2I2&-3I7) 
For Sale. PontIac Bonneville, 1987. gnNII 
cond\Ion, new starter and bella $1500. 
Call 557-()483. (2128-317) 
MourQIn BIke - Good condition. $80. 
Call 284-5553 a "'.~. (314-31 
11) 

X-Iong twin matIrwa. Firm. comfortable. 
$50 O.B.O. cal Kart 459-8576. (314-317) 

FuIonIIFrarnas, upgrllded leak.lree. both 
185. wtth arme $135, oak $199, can 
deliver 226-1398. (314-311.) 

Plane tlcket, round-trip to SF from SO; 
needs to be AsIan male for 3115. $80, caR 
45CHiB78. 

BMW '71 . Great car. NIeed money to pay 
rent $1800 abo. Call 556-2343.(317-31 
11 } 

Saga GenesIs + $50 Game. New In Box. 
lat $100 takes. RIch 558-8061.(3/7·31 
11) 

74 Volvo Wagon l.ooksI Runs ORe. 
$1200 abo. 755-5804. 

Th. Lengend Is coming to Townl Firat 
Row Seats for Nell Young. Call Eddy 
458-9845.(317-3114) 
Nikkor 35-1 05 macro 13.5 $275 abo. JerlnI 
792·0658.(317-3114) 
1976 Flat Spyder - Red convertible, 
good tires, top, im.rlor. runs good. $1800 
limn. Eve 679-8482. (317) 

HOUSING 
Townhouse available Immediately, near 
UCSD, $900 per month. 0811272-8508. 
(2125-3114) 
Large master bedroom available near 
UCSD. Private bath, sundeck, washerl 
dryer. Available now through end of June. 
$430 singlel$5OO double occupancy + 11 
3 utilities. 259·1829. (2119·3115) 

MinaMesa. Responsible student to share 
4 bedroom home. Own room $280. Call 
549-3971. (2125·3114) 
Own room In Del Mar. 1 block to beach. 
Avail 4/1 (or over spring break). Female, 
$350 + 1/4 utilities. Pool, sauna, hot tub, 
close to school. Call Kristin 793-0207. (21 
28·317) 
Room for rent in Pacific Beach. $360 per 
month, available April. Don or Tony 581· 
3323. (2128·3114) 
DEL MAR, own room, $310. Near bus 
and beach, move in 3125. MlF 792· 7480. 
(314-317) 

SMOG $1999 CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• 011, lube, filter $14.99 
• AI C Service $19.99 

• Coolant Se rvlce $19.99 
• Transmission Service $24.99 
• Brake Special (1 axle) $59.99 

CaD Auto Care 
OI'IN 7 DAYS A WEIIC IMO __ l1li., illite c: 

( ........ eoo.,e.) 
....,...., CA I21Z1 

(Ill) .... 2438 

Thursday, March 7, 1991 

Roommates needed . Own room in 
Cialremont House. Rent $216 a month 
plus deposit. Call 274-9242. (314-317) 
Roommate Wanted I La Jolla Condo 5 
min from school. Your own room a bath 
& parking space. Washer & dryer, sauna, 
hot. tub, & pool. 2 people possible 4501 
mo + 113 utilities. 457-8093. Atex. (314-41 
18) 

UNiVEASfTY CITY $275. 1 or 2 females 
to share nice 3 bedroom house (own 
rooms) . 10 min. to UCSD. Washerldryer, 
p3!io, piano. No smokers, drugs, pets. 
Call Mark at 534-2391 (message: 534-
3383). (314-317) 
Roommate Wanted . Own room In 3 
bedroom apart. $315, 113 util. Avail. late 
March. 558-0571 . (314-317) 

Room for rent 411191: Roommate needed. 
2 Bdr. Apt. 2 Blks. from UCSD. Enjoyable 
atmosphere. Mature roommate sought. 
No down payment. $382.5O/mo. Joseph, 
453·5826. (314-317) 
For Rent: 1 singte bedroom In University 
City, $3OOImo and 1/4 util. Ask for Louis. 
457·3090. (314·3114) 

STUDIO IN LA JOLLA available now I 
Hugel $4501mo. Ideal location, close to 
UCSD and beach. Please calVieave msg. 
for Rebecca at 459-0387. (3I4-3n) 

CONDOUTC-OWNRooM$335.1 /4 
UTILITIES, $82.50 DEPOSIT. 
AVAILABLE 4/1 OR SPRING BREAK. 
(421·321 8). (3f7·3114) 

Nonsmoking Female to share La Jolla 
Townhome wI Family. Own Room, Pool, 
Tennis , 5·minute walk to campus . Share 
Bath$350/mo, Includes utilities. Available 
Now. Call Karen- 455·9678.(317-311 4} 

Walk to campus from Studio, Furnished 
(New Oueen Bed), KitchenettewlToaster, 
Microwave, Utensils. Private Patio, Bath, 
Poot, Tennis. Nonsmoking, no pet. $450. 
Single $500 Couple. Utilities Included. 
455·9678. (317-3114) 

UCSD Price Center 
(by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

Idnk~' 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr, 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

Roommate wanted for own room In Del 
Mar condo. (3BR- 2 112BA) Beautiful, 
Ouiet Comptex- Pool, Jacuzzi, 
Rrep1ace, patio, laundry ioIidA condo, 
IOIIlu to shopping and freeway. Easy 10 
min. to UCSD. Rent - $35OIrno- No 
DeposIt or last mo. Required. Call : 259· 
6997 (Amy or Kevin) or 481·8650 (Tess, 
Brian, or Brenda) Available 3ItI91. (317-
4(15) 

Carmel Valley townhome. Beautiful, 
spacious, quiet, clean, garage, firepJace, 
jacuzzi, pool, sauna. tennis, 2 mi to beach. 
neart-5. Femalel male, responsible, non· 
smoker. $330 + 113 util for own room. 
Avail AprIl 1. Caren, Netl: 481-4496 (Lv. 
message). (314-411) • 

ROOMMATE NEEDED IMMEDIATE· 
LY- Own Master Bedroom (over 140 
sq.ft) In 4 BR condo. Cable TV, Pool 
Table, near campus. S330/mo + 1/4 
utilities. Call NickorMike558·0471 . (317· 
3114) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST Gold ring, family crest and 
Inscription on face. High sentimental 
value, reward. Jim 554-0373. (2119-411) 

PERSONALS 
Hey Beginnersl 2 used surfboards: 6'4· 
only $75 each. Wetsuits tool Call 558· 
8037. (2121-317) 
Had enough of weak, watered down beer? 
Want a beer that witt scintillate the old 
taste buds? The La Jolla Brewery makes 
four beers that will please the most 
discerning palate. Check it out, and tell 
them that the Guardian sent you 1(2121 -31 
14) 
Interested in joining UCSD's one and 
only fantasy baseball league? We need 
abcut four more teams. Call Jason at 
534-6581 ASAP and leave a message. 
BIG PAYOFFI (314-411) 

The UCSD Guardian 

ANXIOUS? Nervous?Tense? Volunteer 
for FREE research studies evaluating 
medications for anxiety. All services are 
free to suitable volunteers. 18 or older, 
calt FelghnerAeMarch Inetlluteat554-
0100. (2125'317) 
Wanted : Stimulating (I hope) 
correspondence with bright, brainy, 
interesting women ages 20·35. Write 
Sonny a., P.O. Box 389, Iowa City, IA 
52244.(2128-4115) 
JecQon Hole tickets going fasll Let RISC 
make your Spring Break one to 
rememberl Info - 534-4482. (314·317) 
Attention RlSC Members: Come play 
BROOM BALL at UTC Ice Rink, Sat. 3/9, 
11 :30 p.m. Party afterwards I (314-317) 
Wednesday nights are UCSD Night at 
the LaJolia Brewery. Get pints of the best 
tasting beer in San Diego for only $1 .75. 
Check it out, and tett 'em the Guardian 
sent you. (314-3114) 
SIGMA KAPPA: Thanks for the Sweet 
voyage we had ·Underthe Sea·-Sigma 
Chi. (317) 
Carrie -Haveagreattime thisweekend l 
Are you sure you are not fifteen? (317) 
1980 Mazda GLC. 5·spd, 104000 mi . 
new tires, very reliable, AM FM Cassette. 
$950 or best offer. Must sell- Leave 
U.S .. call 453·5699 La Jotta. (317) 
Enjoy Sting Concert from an excellent 
seat very close to the stage. Call Alex 
458·9845.(3n·3111 ) 
SAE-ThanksforaGREATSATURDAY 
NtGHT FEVER- It was HOTI Delta 
Gamma.(317} 
Calvin , Levonne, Mike - can you believe 
that we actualty finished? Yeahlll Goal 
next quarter Is to finfish by 1 a.m. (317) 

Talk by Eberhard Goerner, Scriptwriter 
from the fromer GOA. Also showing the 
T.V. version of "Selbstversuch· byChristina 
Wolf. Thursday, March 7, 4:00 p.m. at 
3155 Literature Building. (317) 

The UCSD Guardian's first 

SPRING 
issue will publish on 

APRIL 1st 
The display advertising deadline is 

Monday, March 25 at 3 p.m. 
(Yikes! A full week in advance) 

Classified Ads will be due on Thursday, 
March 28, 3 p.m.-just like always. 

By the way, as most of you know, the final 
issue of Winter Quarter, 1991 will be 

Thursday, March 14. 

"May rhe Schwan: be with you. " 

CLASSIFIEDS IS 

...-:::::nz,ADVANCED 
~ ;quJo, !J,.~talk.~·M-

~ COfflOY Sf • St. lOb. San 

WINDOWTI ..... ···~ ucso: I 
I 

10%1 
discount: 

with 

this 

ad 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

=-= ~. L-___ --.: ..... =-=''''''''=.::::"""=-=-::;:.:.:..===:....-________ .I 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HURACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA SAItDflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

: 2 for 1 Buy a slngl. or double II"'" .: • scoop Ice cr.am and . . • 
• g.1 a 2nd of equal or I 
e I .... r value FREEl • 
: La Jolla Colony 7770 Regent. Ra . # 108 (In the lion. Shopping Center) t 1 om- IO :;nsiJr, .. thu • • • 
e ene couponpercuSiomer bpO .. 3/i0/91. tlarn-llpmf~ &Sot • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

r--------------------, 
7IShola 

CUISINE OF INDIA 
A WARD WINNING 

FREE 
DINNER 

\Nhen you purchase one of equal or 
greater value (up to S I 0.95 value) 

Not valid friday . Saturday &.. 
holidays. Expl~ 3/2 t /91 

ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT 
BUFFET LUNCH 

$6.95 
Everyday with coupon 

through 3/21/91 
Regularly $8.95 

Open 7 days lunch &. dinner 
8008 Girard Avenue, La Jolla' 454-6263 

L (2nd Hoor comer of lower Girard &. Prospect St.) .J 
--------------------

YE 
A HIE 
H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircw $50 
or Highlighl & Haircut 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

-



16 SPORTS 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 
~~_I 30 TAN DAYS. I 

Call lor deIaIls • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap -Only $48 

Nol a I.~ry wallr losS : ~ ceItJi1e and streICh marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. 1204 
455-0909 ExPires 4f7191 

WE HAVE 

EXCELLENT 
AUTO INSURANCE RATES 

FOR QUALIFIED STUDENTS 
D'AGNESSA INSURANCE AGENCY 

7841 Balboa Avenue. Sle. 215 
San Diego, CA 92111 

6 casseues, get 1 free CD* • t CD's, ~t I free CD'" 
*on approfal • No limit 

Largest used CD inventory in U.S. • Ustenlnt zones 

-.. MUSIC TRADER 
::::0:.: 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469 

~ 5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

The UCSD Guardian 

-- --
,...,a _. 

BAlT 
Continued from page 11 

-

_ .. 

ond team. Batt, however, feels that 
he is just a small pan of the Tri-
tons' overall attack. 

"We can all contribute on this 
team," Batt said. "There are eight 
different guys on the team that can 
score in double figures on any given 
night." 

Few, though, are as consistent 
as Ban. Averaging 13.3 ppg and 
hooting a sparkling 70.9 percent 

from the floor, Batt is one Triton 
who can be counted on every night 
for scoring. He is currently third in 
the nation in field-gOal percentage. 
One of the keys to Batt 's consis-
tency, he says, is hi preparation, 
e pecially for what tearns are go-
ing to do to top him. 

" Before the game, I anticipate 
that J am going to get hit, that I 'm 
going to get elbowed. That way, I 
won't get flu tered and thrown off 
my game," he said. 

Batt, in fact, looks forward to 
the phy ical play associated with 
being a po t player. 

"There 's definitely contact , and 
it' fun. I'll never take a cheap 
shot , though," he said . 

Already a leader on the court, 
Batt is al 0 a leader in practice, 
where he frequently asks the team 
to step up its concentration. But 

THE TOURNAMENT 

--
. _-
-.---

--
---
...... -_. 

Jennifer KolskylGuardian 
Rick Batt isn't looking for glory, 
just a chance to get some 
respect from Eastern teams. 
don't expect him to take any credit 
for his motivational abilities. 

" It 'seasy to motivatethis team," 
Batt aid. ·'During the regular sea-
son, it sometimes was hard to keep 
everyone working at 100 percent. 
But now, in the playoffs, everyone 
is pumped up and focused." 

As you would expect, Batt i 
not looking for any personal glory 
from UCSD's trip through the 
NCAA playoffs_ Instead, all Bait 
wants for the team is a little re-
spect, something that Eastem teams 
have yet to show. 

" We rarely get a chance to eam 
any respect against the East, but 

SPECIAL 

-

_ .. 

Thursday, March 7,1991 

.... 

we will be competitive against any 
team. Now is our chance to prove 
ourselves to some [Eastern] teanns," 
he said. 

Batt's motivation to succeed 
stems from his freshman year, 
when UCSD struggled to a 9-17 
record. 

"We were losing to teams that 
we didn' t respect, team 's that we 
knew we could beat. I feel that we 
gained character from that year. 
We found out what losing felt like, 
and that we didn't like it," he said. 

The Tritons have been doing 
very little in the way ofiosing this 
year, lending credence to Batt's 
remarks. When Batt looks into the 
future, however, he merely hopes 
that UCSD will continued its re-
cent trend of getting excited about 
men's basketball. 

" [ never, in three years, have 
seen so much support for this team 
a [ did last Saturday [at the Clare-
mont game]. I just hope that it 
continues," he said. 

And, for Rick Batt, that would 
be glory enough_ 

Editor's note : KSDT will carry 
a live feed of the game starting 
Friday at 5 p.m. in the Bull' s Eye 
Tavern. The event will not be car-
ried on the air/cable waves. If the 
Tritons should advance to the 
round of eight, the event will be 
repeated at 4:30 p.m. on Saturday. 

TWO--FOR--ONE OFFER 
to UCSD Faculty, Staff and Students! 

ponsored in part by UCSD Third College 

IN 
THE "LAST 
SUPPER AT 

UNCLE TOM'S 
CABIN'" 

1 pn{ormanctj only! 
MARCH 1 ... 20 

lit 7 pm 
_~.c .... _~ 

tat_AY 

Tick~ts: $<45, $35. $25 , 
$17 .50, $10 

Frahfrurn iu...,./d prtmin. '" rAt BrooI<lJn 
AaIdtm, of Mwsic. "cfoma """" aIJowt 
"'-ry, !airh and che de.uh of l«ralUm. 
".sa" ~ CIIId at Iinws aImIIdy 
~~n 

_ .. ,... b, .. ATfIT FoundaIion, c., II{ $oft 
1lIoF.c-.-._c-.N __ ,.. .. 
Ivu.TllrIll_HowI ... o/fkWJlooed<l*SDfP .... 

Thursday, March 7,1991 

M. HOOP 
Continued from page 11 
every year, and when they play 
those teams , they make a deal that 
therewillbenofilm [of the games] 
eXChanged," he said. 

He re's what Marshall kn w : 
• Otterbein, with a 27-2 record 

overall , i~ ranked first in the Great 
Lake Region . 

• The Cardlnal~ , offense come 
predominantly fr m a 6'2" hoot-
ing guard named Bradley who lead. 
the team in oring. averaging 26.0 
ppg. 

• Otte rbein al 0 has a pair of 
6 ' I" g uard who, according to 
Marshall , ·'are clones of one an-
other." Both an: stocky, left-handed 
guards who can," hoot the ball on 
a dime," Marshall said. 

• In the tradition of OhIO bas-
ketball, the Cardinal s play an ex-
tremely physical game. 

• Otterbein ( 16-0 on their home 
court, the Rike Center) is not out-
standing at team defense . Marshall 
added that the Cardinal ' trength 
is in one-on-one defense. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 17 

THE ANALYSIS 

THE OFFENSE 

• Very simple. Poon<I lt inSIde. Wi1/l guard Tim I . Otterbeonhas:hig~ne .ttOCk. ltaverages 
Rapp's avallaillhty up In tile elr and Oneme,"'s 87.4 Pili and leads tile natJon In f~ldi!Oal 
lack Of Inside size. tile war In tile paint beCOmes percent4ge (54 percentl. The Cara·nel.· James 
ell the more lI11p0rt80t The Trttons are Iooklfll Brodley. a 6'2 ' shQoong guard who transfelfed 
fOf RIel< Batt toduplocate his sucng 12 poont, 51< from OhIo State. might be the most dc\ .. "'. II"4! 
rCllOUnd pertormance In sarurday'sganeag3111St oflcns~e fOfce UCSO has faced all vear. He's in 
Claremont WIllie McNeill Is snil looking to g.;t the top 10 on tile notlOO In 5001"'1. aver.JGl'll 
untriIChed He$COredJvstfourpolnt:;~a nsttlle 26.0 ppg. and leJOs Otterbelll jn UlfT1()st !l'oeil' 
SlagS and was not a facto( offensively. DaMn oNen:>l\1l categoly. He's .;omplcmcnte<l rurel\' 
Judson was a tt,11amo 8&all1St Clorcmont. I by two burly guard •• L.1UY la,,,,,r. lid Jer,! 
scoo<1g 13 poonts on ~I.j! Shoobng. and also OeM,s. ",hQ COf1\~ ne 101 nearl) Z4 rug, The 
dished 0U1 SIX a SISt. o;hawctoft could be the Cardona:s' offen~ rel,es I\oa"ty on the IOu 
Wildcard. ~R pplsoutoftl1epicture. "'cTntons Blme. II these Uvee rliJ<e off rughlS. Otterbein 
Will noed Shawcroft to Imptow on his 3-{)f.10 ,,,II be on trouble. Jim Worley and Mdt! Bat/ass 
perfotmance against CI~remont. jlfO>Ide httlo help inside ot1ensl<ely. 

THE DEFENSE 

• AS he SIlOv.ed on sat 
urda)'. Jact<$OI1 fuelS the 
Tntons' <Jefonsive BOOle 
plan. More tnan likely. he 
will be respor$oble for 

lJJa<dI~DenrIs. Thatwlll 
leave Shawcroft the 
unen_,able task of 
slowing BIlIdI~ down. Tom """"""" 
Shawcroft will need to 
stay outof foul t/OIJble. somethltlgwhiCh plagued 
tum aealnSl CIaIemont. McNeill. IICSI)lte his 
offenSIve trouIlIe$. was a Clefen$lYe force against 
the S1ag$. s~ the Trrtons emotionally and 
contIOUin( the lane. 

I • .. ~.:'~~~~~~ 
• On paper. the Cardinals lOOk impre~l>ll 
enougJI. glVl~ up )\1st 71.6 PIltI - nea~y 16 
points less than th~ SCOle - and tlokl,,'i 
opponents to a meager 42 .9 Ileidgoal 
percentage. Dennis IS tIleonc to watCh fOr . as ne 
leadS the team in steals With 63. Several9f hiS 
IlOIIlts come off layups followone steals. WOIIey 
leads the team In blocks with 25. At 6'6· . he IS 
Otterbeln'S sole onsloo presenoo, but he has a 
1endency 10 get Into Ioul trouble. Ottertleln will 
have a matchup problem on defense. as tile 
Cardinals start four players whO stand 6'2' or 
less. AccOtding to MalSilall, the Catdinals' 
strlJfltlth is in ~ defense. and iIley 
don' t apply much backooul\ presSllre. 

• Otterbein like to playa half-
court game, and offer little de-
fensive pressure in the backcourt. 

A little research turned up that 
Bradley's first name is Jame ,and 
that he also leads the team in five 
offensive categories including re-
bounds (5.5 rpg), assists (5.5 apg), 
and three-point field goals. Brad-
ley has led the Cardinals in scoring 
in 27 of Otterbein' s 29 games. 

Jennifer Kolskyl Guardian 
Tim Rapp lies in pain after spraining his ankle against Claremont. 
Rapp is listed as questionable for Friday's game against Otterbein. 

THE BENCH 

Included in that is a 29-point 
performance Saturday against 
Wittenberg. He al 0 won the Mike 
Gregory Award as the MVP of the 
Ohio Athletic Conference (OAC). 

But the mo t impre sive thing 
about him might be that he trans-
ferred to the Cardinal from Ohio 
State-the Ohio State- where he 
lettered in basketball for two years . 

The "stocky" shooting guards 
are Larry Lai ure and Jerry Den-
nis, a bowling ball of a pair which 
averages 23 .8 ppg between them. 
Dennis is porting a gaudy 62.7 
percent field-goal percentage, and 
Laisure is averaging a similarly 
impressive 92.3 percent from !,he 
free-throw line. 

The three, along with freshman 
reserve forward Nick Gutman (10.2 
ppg), constitute 70 percent of the 
Cardinals' scoring. 

The other starters are center lim 
Worley and forward Mati Batross. 
As a team, Otterbein is averaging 
87.4 ppg, and leads the nation in 
team field-goal percentage at 54 
percent. Furthermore, the Cardinals 
an: outscoring their opponents by 

an average of 15.8 ppg, and are 
currently riding a 12-game winning 
streak:. 

The phy ical part might be a 
little hard to swallow. The Cardi-
nals' biggest player is Worley at 
6'6", and their leading rebounder 
(Bradley) is 6'2". 

Sti 11, Otterbein is surrendering 
just 71 .5 ppg, and 42_9 percent 
shooting from the flooron defense. 

Otterbein's head coach is Dick 
Reynolds, the OAC Coach of the 
Year for the eventh time. 

In his 19th year, Reynolds has a 
lifetime record of 332-178, and is 
11 -8 in po tseason play. Reynolds 
is trying to take Otterbein to the 
Final Fo ur for the second time_ 

Marshall said that he would like 
to take advantage of Otterbein' s 
nail-paced offense. 

He is hoping that quick transi-
tions off missed Otterbein shots 
could throw the Cardinals out of 
their rhythm. 

Marshall also hopes that the 
Tritons can tire Otterbein early with 
the quicker-paced game and force 
them to their bench, which aside 
from Gutman, is non-existent. 

The Tritons could have a huge 
advantage in this area, as Marshall 
has been able to play 10 players in 
every game all year. 

The play of John Spence and 

CD SOUNDS 
COMPACT DISCS 

NEW· USED. 1 DAY SPECIAL ORDERS 
• IMPORTS • TRADE-INS 

6780 Miramar Rd. 0 571-DISC (behind Carl's Jr.) 
$1 OFF 

ANY NEW DISC 
With this ad. Not good w ith any other ofter 

Ofter gOOd through Mor. 31. 1991 

Chris Moore off the bench again t 
Claremont was crucial to the out-
come. 

Otterbein employs a 4 - 1 setup 
on offense, s imi lar to the one used 
by the Tritons, but for a di fferent 
purpose. 

Wherea CSO likes to force 
the defen e to the perimeter and 
open up the middle for Rick Bait 
underneath, Otterbein likes to play 
what Marshall refers to as an " in-
side-out game." 

Otterbein looks to collap e the 
defen e inside, and leave room for 
Bradley to shoot from the outs ide. 

Rebounding could be a factor, 
especially from the guards. The 
Cardinals' lo ng-range bombs are 
bound to produce several long re-
bounds. 

The Tritons need to prevent 
Otlerbein from getting second and 
third opportunitites. 

This was something the Triton 
had problems with earlier thi s 
season against Occidental and 
Christian Heritage, who employ 
game plans similar to that of the 
Cardinals. 

If the Tritons win, they will face 
the winnerofthe Calvin-Wartburg 
game on Saturday. 
AItoclate Spotts Editor Les BruYold 
and Sports Editor Petei' KG contributed 
to this report. 

. ASin Saturday'sgame, 
tile Tntons once agalfl 
seem to nave a dCflfllte 
edge. And tIlC)' will need 

~ without Rapp at 100 
pe<cent. Chris Moore.m 
John Spence should see 
tile ma"or1ty ottheplayl~ 
t ime. They earned It _,W_ 
against Ciarem0t11 by 
oomblnl~ for 24 points and 16 rebounds. The 
two wfll add to UCSO·s alreildy deciSIVe helihl 
advanllltle. Rodney Lusain could be a factor 
backllll up JiC/(Son at tile point, countem1! the 
Catdlnali ' barrase of guams. 

• What bencll? After freShman reser;e IOlWard 
NICt< Gutman. wno averages 10.2 Pili and IS 
ShooMg 57.7 percent from the "001. tile IICPtn 
rcally tails off. Tom Abbitt Randy U~ous. and 
Eric Wagenb,ennerare the main reserves for the 
Caldonals. Abbitt (3.4 ppg). lil1kous (~ .8 ppg). 
and Wagenbrenner (4.2 ppg) offef little help 
offensNely. Still. theymlgllt see someSigniflC3Ot 

playI~ tJme on defense. where their Slle (eaCh 
Is 6'4· or talle~ could help to counter the 
Tlitons' decided heiih\ adv8ntage across tile 
front line. The biggest SlxtlHnao. thougIl. may 
ptovetobetheGardlnals'homecrowd Otterbein 
IS 16<) on Its home coun. tile Rlke Center, this 
season. 

THE TEAMS 

RECORDS 

23-3 27-2 
NATIONAL RAN KINGS 

4th (1st in West) 7th (Ist in Great Lakes) 
NCAA TOURNEY APPEARANCES 

2 (,90, '91) 6 of the last 7 seasons 
NCAA TOURNEY RECORDS 

1-1 11-8 (under Reynolds) 
RECORDS A T HOME ON 1l0AD 

13-1/10-2 16-0/11-2 

BUY Mlill1MI1il CYCLES 
SILL 

FIND 

TILL 

UCSD Guardian 
Classifieds 

Come by the 

Guardian office 

or call 534-5416 

SALES • SERVICE • APPAREL & ACCESSORIES 
SAME DAY PERSONALIZED SERVICE ON MOST REPAIRS 

MOTORCYCLE INSURANCE AVAILABLE 

MILITARY & STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
MOTORCYCLES 

• SCOOTERS 
• WATERCRAFT 

• ATV'S 
AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR 

gsss BLACK MOUNTAIN RD. WET-BIKE & SEA FLASH 
"IN MIRA MESA" 

578·7510 
MON.-FRt. 8-7 · SAT. 8-4 · SUN. 10-4 

WE SELL 
QUALITY USED 
MOTORCYCLES 



18 The UCSD Guardian 

March Madness Hits UCSD Head On 
Then: IS I 101 of mdcncc Lhat mi&ht make 

)OIl mull: UCSD is comple"'ly ""pp'ed up.n 
btst,d>lll EIIh.bu II , 2. ICIWlIln, fan 
pocked.he Tn.oo P, .. I ... I ... 5.a.urdJy rucht 10 
... UCSDdl pooeofCl .... monlln>«OOdround 
NCAA ocoon, Thole fan1 not .,,,,hn,.o Oh.o 
.. here the Tn.ons _. Ot",rbe,noo Fndoy will 
nodoubc be 1W>ed 1010 the radIO broIdcu,", the 
B.II,,1' Tayern 

IWubu B, the Udy Tn.OII. jul' fuuJhed 
their mosl _ u ful "I10Il in hrllOly, .. lrich 
included 1 record I~ comccullYe Wit ... They 
fin.shed the year .. ill, • 21 -~ mlrie. 

E.Uribil C, JUIlIooIc II the open rtaellion 
IUIIt "'II iSlv.ilabiclO the usual plJya , You 
w,lI nnd both the indoor .nd ouldoor COUTU 
•• rrounded by plJyen w.hinllO 1<1 inlO the 
' ne';l pme', 

F« .closi., rel1lllt. bowclocs 200 bukel-
ball 'tams playin, in J(ven dJrrerml divi.dons 
1OWId? Well. Llw'1 whru ,01'1 011 in the 1M 
Depuunen.-

The Jilt)' woo '. need mIlCh lim< 10 wdah 
lI>a mdt""e and II'" lhal UCSD boo ..,. • 
"nous cue of bukem.J1 fever, IoIJn:b Mad-
""11 a dtfll1iltly .Jrve and well • UCSD, 

AI the TriIOlU head off 10 0Iri0.1DInnwnI 
p1.yoff actiOli i. arindin, in.o .... hen: in La 
JoIlL One hun<1red and four leam, haye . """ 
II winnin, utlts I. 1CVm diffmnc divisionJ. 
BoIhI)'lllI w,lI be podtcdw,lI> bukt.ballac.on 
wen imo the early mominlS 10 accomod.1C 1M 
MlithManIncs , H<",,,. klicochdlYlSion 
and lite f.vOOkl 10 make II '0 dwnplorulup 
Sunday. 

AI lhe most COOlpdJIIV( level, MAt t .. o 
"Iuachlook 10beiOOveahcrdofal!o-ran, Ptre 
Stll«,', 0 WAR IN GULF crtw didn ' lloK 
• lame In Icque. but mey ","ere pushed twice.. 
They l«m 10 have ,he mosl fi",J'II"'Cr. CriliCS 
ronrend they don 'I have. bench and tvCl)OIII! 
on !he re.vn " the head coach. REVERSE TOE 

JAM also emerged from ~ue ~llhoul. lo ... 
bu. the" Jeacue ''I' weak_ ThIs ItIl1l piI)'> ID 
.1ItIls Lnd .1 lltey bead SOIJII> IOf • I<nJlhy 
.ltt1Ch of any xantt they may b< W'lChr", 00 
Clwnpioll5lup Sunday 

Back I. the pack are several ItII1II lhal 
c:ooId ... eatrndtd "')'1 in the pllyoff. if the 
fronl runners <t shot down. The defendJ •• 
cham", PUBLIC ENEMY "" 1ar"ly in 11<1 
from lIS. y ...... bu. I/O pI'Y'" •• lhoul any 
leadtnlup. Willi .,." Iou<s by • lOll! of Ihr<e 
pour"_ LOUIE. LOUIF.musl becon';dtred. bul 
they .... ml5S1n'ruilWllchemisrry SMOO1li 
U KE ICE Iw lhown fla.Ihcsof quablY, bul on) y 
.n the IuJ reptded Kam,kAze Lea ... _ 

TIle AAd,vi,ionhru been the moll mllln, 
III year_ Every It .... has II leasl "''0 team' 
.. ",ble of anbbin, lite btl • . H-ACME _ 
the brutal Coco-Looo Lea"", They can beal 
you wllh 2O-fOOl ilveePOlnletS OI'JIO"'ermoves 
around the hoop, Rick Lou's squad will be ... ", 
",overhaul. The BAD BOYS piled up the mosl 
polfta in AA . • 97 fROTH I G AT THE 
CROTCH posred an impress,ve 7"() mat'< in the 
1CCOIId .oughts. Ieq.... Keep an eye on the 
TII UNDERCATS, TA LL WH ERE IT 
COUNTS, LOS MAONIACOS and GRACE 
UNDER PRESSURE. The lOll,,,,," pick has 
101 lO be ERECTILES. They haYelill1e buk,,-
bill """IY. bul .10< of .itt and 1l.1ud< 

The anb boa diyulOO known IS A fe .. .,., 
mort Ihan one-chird of III the ,,,'''" involYed in 
p1.yoff action. Founy re.vns are co ..... d willi 
thechamplon hay,", ",p1.y IS many IS 6, ..... 
1Q QO( wed:, This WIll be • tc:rious tell or 
endurance. 0 D«d 10 Ity and smal. QUI poiCI-
till fron. runnen. anyone Iw a chance. Walch 
forvettnn 1earns 10 be sucassfuJ. ~ you '..-c 
been throuah Ihi. mu., few urnes II does &<' 
wi... T .aml With dtpIh may al .. find fewer 
holes In the rood IS lltey CIII maD<\lyer around 
'nJUries Lnd schedulin, cooniclS. Finally, •. , 

lIy f ....... 11 (orIel 1(01) 10111 1M Ins"lIIuon-1he 
WIM FAGS. The p1ayoffs"llI"ve .. allOlie 

lUI chance '" catch !hell act. and" prom.lts 10 
wonh the price of adriU""l., 

It CIII be. referee 'l ruglllm .... trym, 10 
dtll ... 11> Itn porn. JlWdlon the COW\ Il once. 

bu.Llw'I"hru~ ' IO· bukClball"all,boul The 
sm.ller pbyen fmally '" 10 play in Ihc: pain. 
and .... a111host posl moves they ncvor CIII Ill. 
"'BUlar lame. Erah. IUITII WIll race for !he utle. 
Loll: corry WOMBATS Iw IlOl ""I lin« join-
101 the J.llybean Lea"", and could be Ihc: ~bbil 
•• lit .. pI.yoff, BELOW TIlE NET St.llted 
SIrOnI- bu. hIS faded of Ille. W.lCh OUt for 
SHORT AND SWEET and thell flll-poc<d Slyle 
of pl. y which wears down oppoiI<nlS. AnoIhcr 
squad lhalCOllid wily ", 10 the dwnplOSIsbip 
is PREDATORS, whose only lou was 10 
WOMBATS. 

The Coed vtnloo ofbaskttball has ..,joyed 
• comeback 1hU ......... The number of teams 
hal ,ncreased and level of p1.y has steadily 
improved. Af\er opon lea, .. p1.y rhll clivili ... 
wlSd'Vlded inloAA and A, BoIh lcvels f .. !UnO 
IT'" boIance, took for AIR SUPPORT_ TWO 
LIVE JEWS, mE ADAMS FAMILY and 
8trnUCE 10 find their w.y mil the final four 
of the upper level. 00 Ihe junior cirtui. the 
SIMPSONS will be .ou,h 10 <oo.lin, bu. 
SCRAPPY AVENGERS, GET IT UP Lnd 
GU MMED coold Nin the JIIIll' for 8an & 
friends. 

A ,trona. balanced CflII."I'nl O( " omen'l 
lums ",II be Involved 1ft 1 unique p1.yoff for-
mil d<sianedlOprovideeach"luadwilll II leal 
.wo ,ames. Th: dtfendin, ciwnps MIGIlT BE 
GIANTS Iol. lheir franchise , bul .... fi ndin, 
o<hcrwaYI"" ·UI. IMO'SCHEESEFOODS is 
looded With talenl. bu. not ..... sarily baske.-
ball .. lenL BUTTW ARTS and UZARDS 
Q.AN need 10 do • li.tle house e1mnc. 00' 
both lhould be in the hwu. 

QUICK LOOK HOOPS PLAYOFF SCHEDULE 
All Coplcin11hould chedc wiil Conyonview (534-4037) 10 con~rm the ~me and place 01 their game. 

Here is an oufiine 01 wMn each division will be playing. 

Round ~ Ii!!!! ~ Qgx Time 
MENSAAA COED A 

First ,OIIld Sun 3-10 2:00pm 
Tue 3-12 9:00pm 

SemI-finals TIIu 3-1 4 8:15pm 
Champonsilip Game Sun 3-17 1:00pm 

FlIS1round Sun 3-10 9-10.00pm 
Semi·finaIs Woo 3-13 9.1Spm 
Champonsh,p Game Sun 3-17 6,3Opm 

MENsAA 
WOMENS 
Fil$l'ound TIIu 3-7 7.15-8:15pm 
Second round 5813-9 12:00pm 

Sun 3-10 7:00pm 
Third rOllld Mon3-11 8:15pm 
SerTi-finals Wed 3-13 8.15pm 

C~pGame Sun 3-17 12:OOpm 

Frslround Sun 3-10 5-600pm 
Second round Mon3·11 9.1Spm 

Tue3-12 Il)-ll'OOpm 
OJaner· Hnals Woo 3 13 10:15pm 
Semi-finals TIIu 3-14 10:15pm 
Champoonstup Game Sun 3-17 5:1Spm 

MENSA 
Fir51 round Sa13-9 1o4:OOpm 
Second round Sun 3-10 10 QOam.l 00pm 

FLOOR HOCKEY 
UPDATE 

Well, you wouldn'l lhink that the much 
needed rain wouidaffoc i one ofourindoor 
sport . Wrong' The min nooded the Roc 
Gym to such an oxtenl that many games 
have had 10 be canceled. ThaI's right. 
canceled_ They will not be made up as 
there is not enough .ime '0 make !hem up 
and have the playoffs. 

So what aboul playoffs' They will start 
on Monday. Marth I 1. Theplayo/l'bnlkelS 
.... up al Canyonvjew lfyou wanl 10 check 
il 001 and fmd 001 when you play. WHre 
tryu1g 10 take the lop half of every league 
10 the playoff . BUI time ConslainlS may 
not allow us 10 do !hat. 

So anyway. the playoffs wil l NIl from 
March II through the day before finals. 
March 17th. That is barring rain ofcO\lne, 

RATINGS 
As of March 5 
MEN'S 'AM' 
I. RETIREMENTClU8 4-1 
2, FLOORWAX 4-1 
3. NO BAD KNEES 2-1 
4. BEWARE OF BUTTLID 2-3 
MEN'S 'M ' 
I. BAONAD ~ 
2 SLAPSHOT ENEMA C-O 
3. HOCKEY DOCTORS 341 
4. SlAP IT IN 4-1 
5, ll1OR'S REVENGE 2-1 
6. TEOUILLA 2-1-1 
7. MORE WISER 2-1 
8. NO CUM DA'CREASE 3-2 
9. ANYTli ING WITH A PULSE 2-2 
10. HIGH STICKS 1-1-1 
MEN'S 'A' 
1, TURTlES ~ 
2. SWIM FAGS 2-0-1 
3. DEEP INTO NIMA ~ 
4. EDIBLE AFTERBIRTH 3-1 
5, WAYNE'S NIGHTMARE 3-1 
6. IMPROPER CONTROLS 3-3 
7. CHECK IN mE CREASE 2-1 
8, ECON PUCKERS 2-1 
9, AJ<A SHAKA 2-1 
10. BOYS IN mE HOOD 2-2 
WOMEN'S ',u' 
I. CANNIBALS « 
2. $LAPPIN' THE STICK C-O 
3. BIOHAZARDS C-O 
4. SEX CHAl.lOISE 3-1 

~S 'A' 
1. LABCHICKS 3-1 
2. HOBAALI KHANHUT 2-2 . 
3 LDOKIN' FOR A PUCK 1-2-1 
4. THIS BIRDS FOR YOU 1-2-1 

Thrd round Mon3-11 1015-111Spm 
<Mr1er·Hnals Woo 3-13 " ,ISpm 

HUU. BOWL SET FOR FRlDAY, 6 PM, MUIR FlEW 
Semi-finals TIIu3-14 11:15pm 

~stupGame Sun 3-17 4:00pm 

n.oAA ..... LOITWITIIOUf __ JOI_ •• ____ II., ............. 
... --. .. _-...... ---"..,..,..... -"'--_.'*""--'" _._ ..... _ .... _ __ -._. ,I'" ., .................... __ _ 
-MENS 5' 70" 

Firsl round Sun 3-10 4:00pm 
SenlI-Iinais Wed3-13 11:1Spm 
Cha"llionship Game Sun 3-17 3,00pm 

-..,~ ... --t-_ .. _"_ ... -..... .-..._ .... , .... 1.11), ~-.---_LllD. __ .. _ .. _ .. ___ ... _ ... 
...... _ ...... .,_..,_II.Io....,IIIiIII .. _Io._ .... -. ...... ......... 
..... _ ... _- ... - ......... -
......... ..,III111a_ ....... _~_ .. 'nACII .. lA,.IIIf_T, _____ lilt 

COEOM 
Firsl round Sun 3-10 3:00pm 

Tue 3-12 9:00pm 
~nals TIIu 3-14 9:ISpm 
Championship Game Sun 3-17 2:00pm 

......... --. .. -__.. .............. __ .M IS _ .. I.IID_IIIt_ 

.. __ .-........ ------
.'A· __ Y...,. ............. _............... • ..... c.-__ .. IIIt .. 
-.. ...,.,--_ .. _-,..---- ... _ ..... ....., ..... _-
.... ,.. .. -' ... _ .. ""'-. .. ,. ....... -.. -...... -
-..... -JOI,.. _y,.., .. ..., _ ~COCIIIUIW""_ ....,... _ ...... -. COCOIMS._ JOI,.. ........ CUTYDI . ___ ..... 
,._ .... -... -.......... . ,-.-.. ~ .. - ... ,.-

Thursday, March 7, 1991 

SOCCER 
PLAYOFF 
UPDATE 

For the good of mankind and me 
wBter$hortage the soccer playoffs were 
canceled las . weekend due to rain and 
moved back to this coming weekend. 
March 8, 9 & 10, II WllS • bummer 
losing lhose games bu. we kinda of need 
!he waler a linle more. 

So all soccer playoff-bound learns 
will be playing this commg weekend . 
Jus.lalr.e Ihe time. field. color and date 
from Iasl weekend and move il forward 
10 the coming weekend. Best thing 10 do 
if you have any questions is 10 come 
down 10 Canyonview Rocreal ion and 
check OUI the entire playoff schedule , 

Favorites Finish 
Off One-Pitch 
Softball 

The Men ' s and Coed Wimer One-
Pitch Sor,ball Championships were 
held this pasl weekend and nO! sur-
prisingly lhe results were as predicI-
able as the sun coming up in San 
Diego. 

lf we would have known this was 
the way il was going to be, we would 
have done away wilh!he whole play-
off mess to begi n wilh and scheduled 
lhose tearns three weeks ago_ 

In Ihe Men's Open Division. 
Number I-seeded Fishnet Jocks (4-
o in !he playnffs) showed off their 
extensive offensive and defensive 
slciUsin21 -13 sheUaclcing of Number-
2 seeded Meister Chow. 

Fishnet's Eric Taylor had one of 
those careerdays that you only dream 
oL_seven-for-seven wi th six runs 
scored from the leadoff sPOI. Team-
male Mati Newsome backed him up 
big-lime with a six-for-six day and 
Pal Burke delivered 5 more hilS as 
Fishnet IUmed a close 12-10. fifth 
inning lead imo a la[e inning roUI. 
B.C. Liuleof 1M Golffame helped 10 
keep MeiSler Chow in it with a sweet 
4-for-5 afternoon, 

Coed One- Pitch was much of Ihe 
same as good 01' Number I Those 
Giants bliiZed their way 10 lhe tilie 
with three big wins inc ludi ng a 17-10 
thumping of Boobs and Balls (yep • 
you guessed il. .. Number 2-seed)_ 

Those Gianls showed dominance 
early as lhey ran OUI 10 a 9-1 third 
inning lead wilh Pally Mueller lead-
ing the way, Mueller's 6-for-seven 
day kept the Gianls in runs early and 
then laae as they punched across six 
big ones in the ninlh. John Brotherton 
hil:llead-offhome run in the first and 
wenl 4-for-six on the day to help 
Mueller and her teammaleS_ 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 

.IDEO GALLERY 
UCSD SPECIALS! 

Biggest SELECTION in the area • FREE Parking 
NEW: THE TWO JAKES . AIR AMERICA 

• ARACHNOPHOBIA . EXORCIST III 
COMING SOON: GHOST . PUMP UP THE VOLUME 

---I - ' 
I PeS! 
~ 

8873 Villa LaJolJa Dr. 
La Jolla Vii/age Center 

455·0662 
- -- - ------- ------, 

------------- ------- ----- 1$3 00 1$20 0 1' 1 0 0 . I Bring this ad to Rent One Movie and 
get a Second Rent al FREE! 

MoncIOy 1I'InI Thursday. up".' 3/14/91 
------------------------

8750 GenelSee in the Costa Verde Center near Soup Exchange 
Hours: Sun,-Thurs, 11 am-9 pm/Fri.-Sat_ 11 am-IO pm 

I 011 .ny oR •• y I 011 any 
ILAIGE IMEDIUM I SMALL : 

..;b. iJ 

CHOICE~ 
FRIDAY 
Fear Of God 
r.7 Linking hard rock to 

~ di tinct poetic vision, 
Warner Bros_ recording artist. 
Fear Of God will be thrashing 
it up on the gym steps at 4:30 
p.m. As part of the metal TG, 
the band will dish ou( aggres-
sive offerings from its debut 
album, Within The Veil. In the 
event of rain, the TG will be 
moved to the Triton Pub_ 

FRIDAY AND 
SUNDAY 
Die Fledennaus 
ra7 The San Diego Opera 's 

~ production of Johann 
Strauss' classic tale of revenge, 
"Die F1edennaus," continues 
at the Civic Theatre (3rd and 
"B" Street) . Showtimes: Fri_, 8 
p.m. and Sun. , 2 p_m_ Tickets 
start at $11, available through 
Ticketmaster (278-TIXS). 
SATURDAY AND 
SUNDAY 
Yanomamo 
r.7 The lifestyle of the people 

~ of the Brazilian rain forest 
is brought to San Diego in the 
form of the ecological musical, 
"Yanomamo." Performances 
are at 8 p.m. on Sat. and 7 p.m_ 
on Sun. in the First Unitarian 
Church's meeting house (4190 
Front St, Hillcrest). Tickets: $7 
adults, $3 children under 11. 
For more info. call 298-1170. 

FRIDAVTHRU 
SUNDAY 
The Lion, The Witch 
and The Wardrobe_ 
r.7 Relive your childhood 

~ fantasies at the San Diego 
Junior Theatre's production of 
C.S. Lewis' 'The Lion, The 
Witch and The Wardrobe" at 
The Casa del Prado Theatre in 
Balboa Park. Perfonnances: 
Fri_, 7 p.m_; Sat. and Sun. at 2 
p.m. Tickets: $5-$7. For info. 
cal) 239-8355_ 

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 

Thursday, March 7.1991 H1 



2 HIATUS 

Dane .. With Wolve, The Hard Way 
SI •• ping With The Enemy The DoorA 
The Silence Of The lambs LA. Story 

My Heroes Have Always leen Cowboys' 
Scenes From A Moll 

University Town Centre 452-7766 

The Hard Way 
He Said, She Said LA. Story 

New Jack City The Doors 
Sleeping With The Enemy 

La Jolla 453-7831 
The Silence Of The Lambs 

Scenes From A Mall 
Dances With Wolves 
Mr. and Mrs. Bridge 

283-5909 
Mar. 7-9: L'Atalante 

Mar 10-16: Landscape In The Mist 
.. v._rv Fri. & Sat. at Midnight: 

Horror Picture Show 

IN THE NEWS 
Stand bad.! llold on! The three remain ing member of The 
Beatle~ an: n:unillllng fo r one nighl only to play the Eanh Day 
h.'uval in Apri l at the Lo A ngele oli eum. ''It 's nice to ~ee 
that we can put o ur di ffere nces aside for such a wonhy cau~e," 
,tlld George I [ arri~on . "Well , it ju~t seemed li l..e the right thmg 
to do, ya I..nowT Mc artney qUIPped. "It' s definitely better 
than doing a k idd ie progr;.tm!" Ringo Starr e1>claimed. Other 
a ts on the bi ll include Pml.. H oyd. The ROiling Stoll e~, The 
Who. The Grateful Dead, and Yol..o Ono. 

I ••• I I •••••••••• I I ••••• 

o one figured tllJt after Mlih V,lJIilh cancelled fro~ p.!r-
fl'mllOgthc" tar pangled Banner" at the Super Bowl thl, year, 
that fill·in Whitney I [ou,tOIl would resort to the ,arne 10\\ dl)\\ n 
tn.:l..cl) But, II', true. Apparl'I1lI), due to the ever-dreaded 
" .. phi second timing" of the pn:·game ,how, the dircctOl\. 
leavlIl' nothing to 'haul'e, had :Vllss Houston lip.s)nl' the 
.lI1tllCll1tO.lt,IP' of her own \ liCe. Good [iling ~hc n:mcmbcrcd 
th' \,oro, . 

••••••••••••••• •• • •••• • 
luts of new slUff to 1001.. for this .... eek: MOITI,sey. Herb 

Ipcn and the Tijuana Brass. The Escape Club, The r-celies, 
Amy Grant, Joni Mitchell, "The Doors" and" el\, Jacl.. Clly" 
,oul1dtrncl..s . and something from Peter Gabriel. mysteriou~ly 

~ubtitled P.O.V. 
By Bryan Dias and Dave Linberg 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, March 7, 1991 

'Fiat Lux' at Mandeville Gallery Sheds 
New Light on Ansel .Adams and UC 
By Kristen Flanagan 
Guardian Report9f 

In the 1960s, An el Adams wa 
commi ioned by the pre idem of 
the University of California, Clark 
Kerr, to celebrate the centennial 
anniver ary of the Univer ities 
through photography. 

For over two decade . the pho-
tograph of the UC campuses lay 
hidden in a UC archive. Last year, 
Jame Harrod , manager of the UC 
Irvine Book tore, located and se-
lected 100 prints for the Fiat Lux 
exhibition. 

The e print , In addi tion to a 
collection of photograph owned 
by the Pacific Telesis Group called 
"The Museum Set," are on exhibit 
in the Mandeville Gallery from 
March 2 through April 7. This is 
only the econd time thi exhibit 
has been made available to the 
public. 

Fiat Lux is the University of 
alifomia motto, meaning 'Let 

there be Light.' It i an appropriate 
title fortheexhibition, con idering 
the photographs both document the 
pirit ofUC campus li fe and exem-

plify Adams' remarkable exper-
ti e in capturing the ae thetic 
beauty of light, shadows, and con-
trast. Adam ' perfectioni m and 
outstanding technical kill , found 
in every one of his prints, has 
thrown him into the spotlight as 

oneofthe world's greatest photog-
raphers. 

Fiat Lux celebrate both the 
beginning and future of the nine 
University of California camp use . 
Many of Adams' images uccess-
fully contrast the frenzied move-
ment of the student body against 
the talic and towering campus ar-
chitecture. 

His print emanate the same 
energy and excitement experienced 
when one sits on the fountain in 
Revelle Plaza at noon. Adams' 
other prints portray the vast amount 
of research, technical and agricu 1-
tura! advancement, and education 
resulting from the existence of the 
Universitie . 

The e prints concentrate on the 
positive effects of higher learning 
on both the students themselve , 
and more importantly, on the world 
that urrounds them. Adams ' as-
si tant,Nancy Newhall,comments, 
"We were not making a catalogue 
or a yearbook - not interested in 
photographing buildings, labs , 
classes, but making ymbols of the 
University's purposes, activi ties, 
services, and of the new life to-
ward which all endeavors are di-
rected." 

"The Mu eum Set" is a collec-
tion of 75 print, hand-picked by 
Ansel Adams himself before hi s 
death in 1984. "The Museum Set" 

Ansel Adams' "The Scripps Pier, ca. t 966, H is currently on exhibit 
at Mandeville. along with other photos of the UC campuses . 

is compri ed of a variety of breath-
taking wilderness scenes and rare 
portraits that best represent the 
broad cope of Adam ' photo-
graphic career. The e print take 
one on a visual journey from the 
ominous, yet beautiful, de erts of 
New Mexico, Arizona, and Cali-
fornia, to the majestic mountains 
of Alaska' Denale aliona! Park 
and Wyoming's Grand Teton, 
where tall pines pierce the cloud-

altered skies. Light filters through 
the gra s and trees, playing off the 
dark shadows and leaving an im-
age of great depth and intricate 
detail. 

One leaves the exhibition with 
a new sense of awe and respect for 
ourcountry' natural beauty which 
is 0 often overlooked. Perhaps 
this was the intention of Adams' 
work, considering he was a 
spokesperson for conservation, a 
promoter of National Parks and a 
board member of the Sierra Club. 

According to Phil Steinmetz, a 
UCSD photography profes orwho 
worked with Ansel Adams 
intermittenly from 1967-69, 
Adams would go into great detail 
regarding the technical fea tures of 
his work but would never com-
ment on the symbolic meaning of 
his powerful images. 

Steinmetz attributes much of 
his in ight and technical knowl-
edge to the days he spent working 
in Ansel Adams' lab. He claims 
that Adams wa a "technical ge-
nius" and a remarkable teacher 
with the gift of patience and gener-
o ity. Adnms' imagery inspired 
Steinmetz' s own landscape pho-
tography and que t for technical 
perfection, which he now attempt 
to pass on to his students in the 
classrooms of UCSD. 

Take a few minutes or a few 
hours and pass through Mandev-
ille Gallery before April 7 . Word 
alone can not captivate the power-
ful visions of An el Adams. 

When: 12 to 5 p.m., Tues.-
Sun., through April 7. 

Where: Mandeville Gallery 
Tickets: Free. For informa-

tion, call 534-2864. 

Thursday, March 7, 1991 

BUDDHA 
Continued from Page H1 
feeling one gets while experienc-
ing the program. 

The intimate theater is designed 
as radio station KBOW and the 
play's audience is also the station's 
studio audience. The stage is full 
of the usual array of a radio sound 
set: elaborate sound effcel devices, 
an engineer's station, and a group 
of microphone stands. Last but not 
least, the " STAND BYION AIRJ 
APPLAUSE" light hovers above 
the stage informing and instruct-
ing the audience throughout the 
show. 

The play begins in a very un-
assuming manner. Cast members 
Erin Garrett, Robert Larsen, Mel-
issa Reaves, Allison Brennan and 
Paul Jennings (as well as Joiner 
and Blakesley) flutter across the 
stage and chat together even before 
the lights dim. The "STAND BY" 
light flashes and everyone scatters 
to their places. Only then, is the 
audience certain that the play has 
begun. 

Different selections of pro-
gramming are presented depending 
on the date. Three comedies, 
"Chardonnay Chap-paral ," 
" Pompou s Beach" and " The 
Guest," form the backbone of 
"Laughing Buddha" All three are 
presented as serial, episodic pro-
grams. Spoof commercials, spe-
cial guests and musical interludes 
are sprinkled liberally throughout 
the show. Do not, however, come 
with expectations of watching an 
imitation of a Garrison Keillor ex-
travaganza. This is a completely 
different animal. 

s 

The first offering was Ci ty 
Councilman Bruce Henderson 
providing a very real public ser-
vice message about the city' 
drought crisis. Amid jokes about 
doing his part (switching from dry 
to very dry martinis and asking his 
wife to shower with friends), he 
provided the only sobering mo-
ments of the play. 

Next, a special episode of "The 

" Although the audi-
ence is watching the 

actors read from 
scripts ... the imagina-

tion is hardly taxed 
and provides a suit-
able backdrop to the 

drama. 
" . 

Guest" was presented. joyously 
spoofing middle-class sensibilities 
and unwanted visitors . Larson 
portrays a dead beat with an aristo-
cratic accent who arrives a half-
hour early for dinner at the 
Coleman's (B rennan and 
Blakes ley). At this point in the 
play, one is amazed at the actors' 
skills in conveying a scene with 
nothing but their voices, scripts, 
and microphones. 

In fact. Blakesley says that the 
voices of the actors were the main 
criterion for casting. "If you're j ust 
doing a radio show." he says, "you 
can afford to pick and choose indi-
viduals for specific characters. Our 
dilemma was finding a small group 

The U CSD Guardian 

of actors who could play va.rious 
roles almost on top of each other." 
Blake ley has succeeded. 

This succe s is most apparent in 
"Chardonnay Chapparal: Tales of 
Life in the Vineyards of the Old 
West ." A 130-year-old man 
(Blakesley) tell a youngster 
(Jenning) stories about his father's 
travels to the West. Jennings 
quickly transforms himself from a 
disoriented youth intotheold man's 
father, who is a traveling astrolo-
ger ("Son, you can't judge an en-
tity by its aura"). Additionally, 
Melissa Reaves nearly steals the 
show as the salesman's horse. 
Without speaking a word, she 
whinnies and snorts most con-
vincingly with a serious - and 
hilarious - intensity. Although 
the audience i watching the actors 
read from cripts and seeing sound-
effect contraptions being used, the 
imagination is hardly taxed and 
provides a suitable backdrop to the 
drama. It is only when the episode 
or commercial ends that one is 
aware of the stark keleton of the 
stage. 

The high point of opening night 
was the appearance of a second 
spec ial guest, Doug Jacob . As ar-
tistic director of the San Diego 
Repertory Theatre, he was a par-
ticipant in "Recovery Theatre," a 
call-in talk show that focused on 
strategic funding for the arts. Cit-
ing a director's lack of power over 
theatres and patrons, he presented 
a new funding strategy as applied 
by the Department of Defense, 
calling for an interdisciplinary 
military/industrial arts complex. 
" You will find the funding sources 
unbelievable and limitless," he 

said. He announced the develop-
ment of "cruise mailers," able to 
target patrons with pinpoint accu-
racy. All of this is nece sary due to 
the government's involvement 
during the past decade in "Opera-
tion Culture Shield." 

Le t anyone believe too much 
is being revealed by this review, 
take heart. Blakesley and Joiner 
have pent years amassing sketches 
and ituations that are adapted for 
"Laughing Buddha Wholistik Ra-
dio Theatre." What is performed 
one night may not be performed 
the next, and who knows what else 
awaits the unsuspecting audience 
on future night . The material is so 
fre h that even the actors taking a 
breather at the back of the stage 
enjoyed the sketches their com-
rades were performing at the time. 

The play itself is being used as 
a fund-raising tool for the Bowery 
Theatre. For a contribution, one 
can pon or a how and open and 
clo e each episode with a mes-
sage; or one can place personal ads 
or announcements. For tho e in-
clined to graffi ti , a $5 donation 
allow for artistic expression with 
chalk on theater waJls. The Bow-
ery i low on money and is not 
as hamed to let everyone know 
about it. However, the production 
is a far cry from a hard sell. 

Theirself-effacing humorcame 
out when Ralph Elias, the Bowery's 
artistic director, pleaded for money 
Ii la Our Leader in Woody Allen' s 
"Bananas"; his portrait was set atop 
a radio atthe front of the tage with 
a cocktail placed next to it. A taped 
mes age played asking the audi-
ence for money and thankingcrilics 
for their wonderful, positive re-

G 

UCSD's 
International 
Slyle Film 
presents the 
San Diego 
Premiere 
of 

AN EVENING WITH SPALOING GRAY 
-A PEIUONAL HISTORYOfTHE AMERICAN THEATRE 

APR 1 L 4 · 8PM ' MAND. AUD. 
G.A. $16 . ST. $10 ' UCSD FAC/STAFF/ SR.CtT. S14 

MONSTER IN A Box 
-TAUS Of TRAVEL I. MAJOR INTERRUPTIONS IN 

WRITING HISAVTOBIOGRAPHICAL NOVEL 
APRI L 5 • 8PM ' MAND. AUD. 

G.A . $16 • ST. $10· UCSD FAC/STAFF/SR.ctT. $14 
SPECIAL OISCOUNT- BOTH SHOWS FOR ONLY $24 

UCSD 
BOX 

OFFICE 
Sl4-4SS9 

HIATUS 3 

views. The Bowery Theatre's rela-
tion hip with the King ton Hotel 
makes for a potentially extrava-
gant night out. 

Patrons have the option to pur-
chase a dining package, which in-
clude dinner at Malcolm's First 
Avenue Restaurant located inside 
the hotel and across the breezeway 
from the Kingston Playhouse -
the home base forthe Bowery The-
atre. Whilethe theateritselfissmall 
and intimate (seating 88), the 
hotel's elegant ambiance lends 
itself to the radio format of the 
"Laughing Buddha" production. 

If you plan on remaining in San 
Diego and are also interested in 
theater, j umping on the Bowery 
bandwagon at this time would be 
an enriching experience. After last 
year's highly succe sful season, it 
is evident that the Bowery is taking 
advatuage of the momentum it 
created with productions such as 
"Speed the Plow," "What the But-
ler Saw," and "Teibele and Her 
Demon." 

If you ever thought of adopting 
a theater, now is the time. The 
Bowery is still mall and acces-
sible enough, yet il is garnering 
quite a reputation as a company on 
the move. Attending the "Laugh-
ing Buddha Wholistik Radio The-
atre" i a great way to start your 
participation. 

Where: The Kingston 
Playhouse, 1057 First Ave. 
at "e" Street, downtown. 

When: Through April 7. 
Wed.- Sat. 8 p.m., Sun. 2 
p.m. and 7 p.m. 

Tickets: $14 -$16, discounts 
for students. For more 
Information, call 232-4088. 



4 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

'A Rosen By Any Other Name' a woman in the audience at one of the forums held after each perfor-
mance. As Vishner remembered, 
he got a completely unsolicited, • New Jewish plays explore culture and ethnicity 

candid response. 
By Julie Sherman 
Staff Writer 

The Gaslamp Quaner Theatre 
Company is currently presenting 
the third annual Streisand Festival 
of New Jewi h Plays at the Hahn 
Cosmopolitan Theatre. The plays, 
four new works, take different 
looks at Jewish life, i ue . and 
identity. 

The next play , to be performed 
Monday, March II , is called "The 
Vodel Apanment." Thi work by 
Donald Margulies is a dark com-
edy which combines the tragedy of 
the Holocaust with the perennial 
Jewish seniors' haven of Florida 

"condo- land." In the play, two 
Holocaust survivors run away from 
their family problems at home, yet 
end up dealing with reality in "a 
surreal Florida condo." 

Nonnie Vishner, who directed 
the first play of t he series - "Beau 
Jest" by Jame Sherman, a look at 
a well-intentioned daughter'S quest 
to please her family by marrying a 
"nice Jewi h boy" - will al 0 
direct the final play. "A Ro en Bv 
Any Other Name," by I rael 
Horowitz, which i slated for March 
18. 

This play also deals with the 
Jewi h persecutions of World War 

11. A Jewish family faces anti-
Semitism, Nazism, and internal 
family strife, yet with a twist. As is 
typical for any Jewish family even 
today, not even war can fully de-
tract families from the frenzy that 
only comes along once in a young 
man's lifetime . .. the Bar Mitzvah 
preparation. 

Bar Mitzvahs, nice Jewish boys, 
Florida - these are only some of 
the thing that give Judaism such 
an identity. But doe one have to 
be Jewish in order to get the "in" 
jokes that run through these play ? 

In a recent interv iew, Vi hner 
to ldof asimilarque tionpo edby 

"Some guy stood up in the back 
and he said 'Yeah! They were hi-
lariou lIhaven'tlaughedthismuch 
in a long time!'" Vishner recalled. 

"You don't have to be a mem-
ber of a homogeneou group, in 
order to appreciate some truth that 
i universal," Vishner said. "Par-
ents having cenain expectations 
for their children ' lives goes back 
toeven before • Romeo andJuliet .... 

The forums held after each play 
allow the audience to discus the 
is ues raised in each play. The dis-
cus ions are led by San Diego State 
University faculty in association 
with theLiDin ky Institute, and are 

American Express 
Announces A Great New 

Travel Program 

Thunday, March 7,1991 

part of a Judaic Studies program 
for some students. 

Since these plays are staged 
readings and not big-budget pro-
ductions, the atmosphere is inti-
mate and friendly. Aside from lo-
gistical problems, such as having 
to perform on a stage with sets 
intended for another play, the fes-
tival began ucce sfully. 

"The audience laughed ten times 
more than I ever expected," Vishner 
said. 

When: March 11 ("The 
Model Apartment"), 
March 18 rA ROMn By 
Any Other Name"). 

Where: Hahn Cosmopolitan 
Theatre, 444 Fourth Ave., 
downtown. 

Tickets: $8. For Info. and 
reservations, call 234-
9583 dally from 12-6 p.m. 

Now students can get the Card 
and get 3 roundtrips on Continental 
Airlines, for only $129 or $189 each. 

",8 comiguou 'tat . nd you can flyalmo t anytime- because 
there are no blackout date . But you mu t make your re ervations 
within 1 ... day of th dayyou leave. And the maximum tay is 

day 6 night and mu t include a aturday night. 

There's only one way 10 (O\'er a lot of territory without pending 
a lot of money And that' by getting the American Expre Card. 
It ' the only card that offer' an eXCiting new travel program 
exclu ively for studentS- including th ree roundt rip certi fica tes on 
Continental Airl ine . 

Ju t look at the map and pick the place youtllike 
10 vi it. If it's on your ide of the Missis ippi River, you 
can u e a certiftcate to fly for only $129 rou ndtrip. Or, 
you can cco s the MissiSSippi for $189 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more [han 150 ci ties in the 

In addition to th i great travel program, you'll also enjoy all 
the benefits of Card member hip a well as mher exclusive tudent 
privilege . They include a quarterly magazine fi lled with informa· 
tive article on sum mer jobs, career , campus life. Plus valuable 
di counts from leading retailers. 

But remember, there' on Iy one way to get all this- and that's 
by getting the American Expre Ca rd . Just call u (have your bank 

addre s and account number on hand). What's more, 
wit hour pecial tudem offer, it's ea ierto getthe 
Card now while you're till in school than it may 
ever be again. 

get the Card. And get ready to cover new 
territory on either ide of our Great Continental Divide. 

Membership Has Its Privileges· 

CALL 1-800-942-AMEX 
1/),011 re alread), a Cardm em OOr, tOOre's 110 Il eed to call IIl/ormotioll abow your certificates W I" be Orrtl'mg SOOll 

Thursday, March 7,1991 

HOLLYDAY 
The UCSD Guardian 

people. "We get all kinds - young kids, teenagers, 
20 yearolds, young couples with crying kids - that's 

Continued from page H1 happened to us twice, but it's good they bring the 
Last September. Hollyday perfonned his blend of young kids out because my parents did that for me." 

classics and originals at La Jolla's Elario' jazz club. Hollyday has gotten a lot of support from his 
After his impre ive first set, HoUyday agreed to an parents, to say the least. "My father is my manager. 
interview in his hotel room. In the elevator, a flustered [My parents] are the ones who put the saxophone in 
and somewhat red-faced Hollyday my hand. They didn't say [growl-
searched his pockets. ing voice], 'Here, play this!' They 

With a sheepish grin, he turned were like [gentle voicel, ' Here, do 
to drummer Ron Savage and you want to play this?'" 
asked. "Uh. Ron, do you think we The saxophone was handed to 
could do the interview in your him when he was nine years old, 
room?I,uh,lockedmykeysinmy and by the time he turned 14, he 
room again." had learned most of Parker's 0105 

While relaxing in Savage ' s by hean, and had made his first 
room during his twenty-minute professional performance debut. 
break between ets, Hollyday de- In spite of hi s overwhelming 
scribed the way he has gone about uccess, Hollyday remains down 
pursuing his pas ion in an indus- to earth. Hollyday would never 
try where a quick ri e to the top is become a sell-out, but if he were 
likely to be followed by a quick a ked to do a mov ie soundtrack, 
plunge to the bottom. TV commercial , or music video, 

'Tve been playing clubs since he wouldn ' t argue. But he would 
I was 13. Mo t entenainment in i t upon ani tic control. 
people eithermakeitordon ' t. But " If they said, ' We want you to 
I know a fe w musicans who do soundlikeso-and-so'or 'We want 
everything correctly. And they do you to play it j ust like th i .. .'-
it slow. They just build and build that 's the onl y reason why I 
- that's what we ' ve done. We' ve wouldn ' tdosomething." Hollyday 
never really ru hed into anything said. 
big," Hollyday said. He cont inued, "Videos and 

Obviously, Hollyday 's dili- things like that. .. there's no place 
gence has paid off. He has been for a jazz video. You know. they 
ranked number ix and eight in don ' t want to put acoustic m usic 
the jazz chan for Billboard and on most stations, except on Sun-
Jazziz respectively, he has put out day nights for about three hours. 
three albums (the first when he And if I was to make a video, it 
was only 15 year old), he's cur- would j u t be like what you saw 
rently touring to promote his lat- Hollyday looking pretty jazzy. tonight. us playing in aclub. To do 
est RCA release, 0 11 Course, and he was hail ed by the a big production video for my mu ic wo uld be 
LA Times as an "amazingly mature mu ican ... [who] commercially unreali tic. It wouldn't happen." 
plays with poi se and bravura." Not bad for a kid who Hollyday paused, cro~sed hi gangly leg~, dusted 
ju t tumed old enough to dri nk in the very clubs where imaginary lint offhi tailored suit. and said ," Well , I 
he perform . shou ldn ' t say it wouldn ' t happen , 'cau.e [ know 

Many critics have compared Hollyday to his idol some day it will. when I put my rock band together, 
Charlie Parker, but Hollyday said that h is real inspira- and grow my hair long. change my entire image .. . . " 
tions come from the other members of the Chri top her 
Hollyday Quanet. " Probably one of my biggest in- Editors' flote: Hollyday's scheduled Mandl'l'illt' Audi· 
fluences are the guys in my band. I lis ten to them all toriumpetjormancejor SufI., March 10. was CtJllcl'llt'd III' 
the time." is woriall[l on a new album to be relellsed In May. allli will 

Hollyday is perfonning for a diverse group o f probably tOllr following its rele(lse. Keep YOllr I'ars opel/. 

MICHAll J. 
fOX 

AS HOLLYWOOD'S 
MOST SPOILED 

MOVIE STAR. 

THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY 
THESE TWO ARE GOING 

TO GET ALONG ... 

......... Iiiii 

JAMfS 
WOODS 

AS NEW YORK'S 
ANGRIEST 

COP 

OPENS FRIDAY MARCH 8TH AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU 

HIATUS 5 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses EXlended Sofl Lcn~cs 

$149 $199 
Complete Complete 

Professional Service - Quality Eyecare • Reasonable Price, 
I 3/11J91) 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd . 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Music For Your Eyes. 

U2 LASERIUM 
What happens when YOll mix krypton and argon lasers with 
some of 2's greatc t hib? You get 
an incredible laser-light experience. 
We call it U2 Laserium. You'll call it 
awe orne. Call 238-1168 for show-

REUllEN H. F\.EET 

51 ~":IMI"'-
. . Th b C f I TllEA'T1:R ANI) SCIENCE CENTER tunes. en come Y lor an eye U . 20%discoll1ll wilhstudtnll.D. 



6 HIATUS 

C + C Music Factory 
Gonna Make You Sweat 
Columbia Records 

In the arena of main Iream, 
white-male orienled pop mu ic, 
dance mu ic has been gelling a 
bum rap. 

Dance music epitomizes many 
things that the "thirty-something" 
generation despises : instant grati -
fica tion, an emphasi on fa hion, 
youth, a reliance on technology, 
and ( to be blunl) non -Phil 
Collinsish singer . 

Adults hate the stuff. But look-
ing back, so did the parent of the 
early rock ' n' ro ll fans of the ' 40 
and '50s. C + C Music Factory's 
debut album, Canna Make You 
Sweat, refines the c utting edge of 
dance music to more palatable 
commercial potential. 

The ten track album i an ex-

-

hausting anthology of currenl club 
sounds that have been the staple of 
dancemu icfor the pasl\wo years. 
To an uninitiated or uninformed 
Ii tener, the album sounds exqui -
itely fre h. 

The band's name refers to Rol>-
ert Clivilles and David Cole, two 
producers with many hil ingles 
under their belt - five of them 
from their handpicked female 
group called Seduction. With the 
spotlight on the producers, the real 
ani ts behind almost all of dance 
music, Ihe album employs two 
" featured" performers : singer 
Zelma Davis and rapper Freedom 
William . 

Many of the tracks borrow 
sounds and riffs from earlier dance 
mu ic hits. In the overexposed title 
track, "Gonna Make You Sweat," 
therelentle sguitarriffs seem lifted 
from la t year's club hil "The 
Power," by Snap. 

" Here We Go, Let's Rock ' n' 
Roll ," the econd ingle, contains 
chants that could have been lifted 
out of MC Hammer' 19 debut 
album. 

"Live Happy" contain snippets 
of sounds that resemble the back-
ground inging of the 4gers - a 
hou e mu ic group that wa big in 
nightclub, but vi rtually ignored 

(
Sperm \ 6475 Alvarado Road, Suite 109 

Bank J 
next to SDSU Inc. 

-

The UCSD Guardian 

by radio stations. 
This borrowing of sounds, 

though, is a minor complaint. C + 
C mixes their tracks with equal 
nippelS offunk, rock, techno, and 

soul. The album doesn ' t wear it-
elf out because each track rear-

ranges the fool -proof formulas of 
dance mu ic. 

A standout track is the funk 
workout " Oooh Baby." C + C 
blends reggae drums and early 
Erasure{Depeche Mode keyboards 
with a casual funk baseline. 

The compact disc of the album 
contains a hidden track that isn ' t 
even mentioned on the cover or 
the booklet. Simply titled "?" on 
the CD it.sel f, the secret track is the 
most dance-floor-ready single on 
the album. "1" conlains a relent-
les house beat peppered with 
sampled mumblings - no guitar 
riffs or pop keyboards for com-
mercial acce ibility. 

While mo t dance music fans 
rely on 12- inch remixes as their 
format, C + C Mu ic Factory' 
debut album, Conna Make You 
Sweat, works extremely well as an 
album. 

Although main tream radio has 
embraced the group, it' hard to 
ignore the CUlling-edge power of 
C+C's music - what our parents 
would call " that so-called dance 
music." 

- Melito Marcelo 

" 

Dinosaur Jr. 
Greenllind 
Warner Brothers 

Dinosaur Jr.s' music is like a 
roller coaster - it's exhilarating 
and you can feel the wind flying 
through your hair. And, at the end, 
you realize that iI'S so gooey and 
sweet that you're stuck to your 
eat. Creen Mind, their founh full-

length record turns out to be an 
hone I-Io-god solo album in all its 
elf- indulgent glory . 

J. Masci. guitarist and inger, 
also produces this record and plays 
drums on all but three tracks. The 
first song, "The Wagon," ounds 
like classic Dinosaur Jr. - pop 
melodie layered in heavy distor-
tion and topped with sweet singing. 
Don Flemming from Velvet 
Monkeys plays ba sand ings 
backup on "The Wagon" as well. 
Murph (the former drummer) plays 
on a few song too. 

During the las t year, there have 

Thursday, March 3,1991 

been rumors about Dinosaur Jr. 
breaking up, as they have gone 
through a couple of bass players. 
The lack of a permanent bassist 
isn't a big problem, because their 
bass sound is so mushy and dis-
toned that it usually gets lost 
omewhere in the mountain of 

guitar noise anyway. 
Dinosaur Jr. is supposed to have 

one of the loudest live shows since 
The Who and their last two records, 
You're Living All Over Me and 
Bug, captured the power of their 
live shows. Green Mind is a mel-
low, distilled version of the Dino-
saur Jr. formul~ a few songs played 
on acoustic guitar and one that 
sounds like something Led Zep-
pelin wrote at four in the morning 
when they were stoned. 

Thelyrics arerefre hingin their 
child-like simplicity, "There's a 
place I'd like to go, when you get 
there then I'll knowfThere' a place 
I know you've been, here's a 
wagon get on in." Song title are 
also imple, yet evocative, " Puke 
and Cry," " Muck ," "Water," and 
"Aying Cloud." 

Masci ' voice seems vulner-
able and almo t unsure as it floats 
above the layers of acoustic and 
electric guitars. The re ult is a disc 
full of songs Ihat are so downright 
cheerful that they are hard not to 
like. 

-Nathan Wilson 

a celebration of peace ... 

DO YOU NEED EXTRA CASH? 

SUPPORT OUR 
SERVICEPEOPLE FAIR * 

Are you in good physical condition? 
Could you use an additional $300.00/month? 

($35 per usuable sample) 

Even though the war is over, we still need to 
support the efforts in the Persian Gulf 

TOMORROW! 

SPERM DONORS NEEDED 
all ethnic groups 

(619) 265-2407 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 CU\1er Sl. 

[AI Jolla. CA 92037 
(619) 459-0272 
Church School 

9:00 n.m. 
Worship 

10:00 a.m. 
Bible StudU 

7:00 p.m. lUesday 

Dr. K.T. Calloway, Pallor 

from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.in front ofWLH 
OPEN TO EVERYONE! *' 
Information • Food • Raffle 

SPRING QUARTER 1991 
VA 153 THE GENRE SERIES: 
THE HISTORY OF DOCUMENTARY FILM 

taught by Russian fi lmmaker 
MARINA GOLDOVSKAYA 

• A Church For People 
on the Grow' FOR DETAILS CONTACT THE VISUAL ARTS DEPARTMENT AT EXT. 42860 

~""'I"I"""'I"""""""""""'I"I"""'" •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thursday, March 7,1991 

PARKS 
Continued from page 7 
of Oceanography (SIO). 

The Parle has been divided into 
three reserves, based on the condi-
tion and type of vegetation found in 
different parts of campus. The 
Ecological Reserve is composed of 
canyons and coastal chaparral in 
two main areas, Scripps Coastal 
Re erve and a canyon sy tern in the 
non/1Cm part of campus, as well as 
several mailer piece near SIO. A 
band of eucalypru tree running 
through the center of campus fonn 
the Grove Reserve. Preserve Lands 
are made upof what Jenkinson calls 
"di rurbed" canyons and hillside . 

"Many people don 't understand 
the significance of the Park," 
Jenkinson aid. "People are worried 
because they see development, but 
a lot of open space [remains)." She 
explained that while 21 percent of 
the campus i already developed 
and another 34 percent could be 
developed, 45 percent of campu 
land is being preserved. 

According to biology graduate 
tudent Ken Petrin, there is an "in-

credible amount of development that 
San Diego and UCSD have under-
gone these past years and will be 
undergoing. We recognize ... that we 
can't keep all the trees." 

The university must "strike a 
balance between developing and 
preserving," Petrin added. 

The Park Committee has under-
taken this task. A subcommittee of 
the Campus/Communiry Planning 
Committee (CCPC), the Pa rk 
Committee was establi hed by and 
for the CCPC to oversee develop-
ment specifically concerning Park 
land . It is composed of biology 
professors including Case, repre-
sentatives from Campus Planning 
such as Jenkinson, and two tu-
denIS, including Petrin. 

According to David Woodruff, 
biology profe sor and Park 
Commmittee member, the Park 
Committee is a "technical comrnit-
tee"composedofpeople"whoknow 
the species." 

"We go out there, look at the 

[vegetation and wildlife], and make 
recommendations," he said. 

One recommendation the Park 
Committee has made is that no de-
velopment occur in the Ecological 
Reserve, which deserves "special 
protection," Case said. "[The Eco-
logical Reserve] is supposed to be 
kept natural. It has a good tand of 
natural vegetation, and is [homel to 
rare and endangered species," he 
said. 

While the Park Committee 
strongly discourages development 
in the reserves, some of the current 
development on campu doe , 
however, cross into the Park's 
boundaries. Jenkinson explained 
that any construction affecting the 
Park, but planned before the Park 
Committee was e tablished, will 
continue. 

"We knew before the Park was 
fonned that Central [Li brary] had to 
be expanded. We're not stopping 
any projects thal have already been 
approved," Jenkinson said. She ex-

Just 2 hours a week can change 
the life of an "at-risk" child. 

VOLU TEER 
WITH A.S .K. astv 

actl •• 01._. , .. kin 

Play on 
ur team! 

... RESPOND TO THE CHALLE GE, .. 
- We offer many ways to help u~ing a mllllma/Ilme 

commitment. 
-Application,/infonnation available at the Volunteer 

Connection, 534-1414. 
- Talk to A.S.K. Committee: M-Th, 7-9 p.m. 

APPLICATIONS FOR SPRING QUARTER 
ARE DUE FRIDAY, MARCH 8th 

University of 
California 
Santa Cruz 
SUMMER SESSIO! SL' <;ion I 

Sc' ion /I 
C !\GE I STI 

6/24 -7/26 
7/29 /10 

The: UCSD Guardian 

plained that the Park Committee is 
concerned with future consrruction 
projects, such as whether or nOllhe 
propo ed loop road should run 
through the Park. 

According to 1989's Revised 
LRDP, the Park Committee's re-
soictions on development do not 
conflict with the university 's obli-
gation to meet the need of its grow-
ing number of tudents and faculty. 

"The revision of the LRDP iden-
tifie 402 acre of developmental 
land remaining on campus, enough 
to accomodate the facilities needed 
for realizing the academic program," 
the LRD P tate . 

Jenkinson emphasized that de-
velopment is only one factor con-
tributing to the de truction of 
UCSD's natural resources. 

"It'sal opeoplenotbeingaware 
of how fragile the resources are," 
shesaid. "Vehicles driving [through 
the Park] destroy the plant life ... and 
erode the land, People dump trash in 
the Park and nail posters to trees -

NEXUS 
COpy 

GRAND OPENI G 

SPECI L 
2.9¢ per copy 

unitn1l1ed. 20 tb Wh 

1----+1 EaSlgll' Mill 
.!5 

- j 
1.:!!!l!!I'=i!l.--r---~::--t ... i -UTC 
9360 Towne Centre Dr. SIC. 130 

San Diego, CA 92121 
554·1200 

L'ESLPE 
yYl9{j1( 

( Ofl.tJ "lItu'I1ILOll~ 
on b'1I19 til I 

a(lp (n 11/0 

Ecological Reserve 

Grove Reserve 

• Preserve Lands 

James Collier/Guardian 
they don ' t realize that nails can kill 
eucalyptu tree . A lot of noise, in-
trusion , [and] activity might scare 
away wi ldlife." 

According to Jenkinson, the Park 
Comminee plans to create a troil 
ystem around the Park to clarify 

how accessible the lands should be. 
"We want people enjoy the open 

space, but without damaging it ," 
Jenkinson said. 

According to ase, the on-goi ng 
drought has also been detrimental to 
the Park. 

"The drought ha~ been devastat-
ing toa lotofthe wildlife. It 's affected 
the rodent population [which] i~ at 
lower levels," he ~aid, adding that 
hawks and owls which feed on 
UCSD's rodents have consequently 
declined in population. 

Vegetation has also suffered from 
t he drought. 

"Eucalyptu trees are tIesM:d," 
W oodruff aid, explaining that the 

tree~' condition has led to an infe~­
See PARK, page10 

FEATURES 9 

'Park' Used 
As Field 
Study Area 
For Classes 

While parks are typi ally an ideal 
spot to relax, at UCSD, they're also 
the perfect place to study. 

According to biology professor 
Ted C. e, the university\ "Park" 
- ecologically importantlmJ(js ~et 
aside for protection - IS essential 
for teaching biology students. 

"When ~tudenth take c l as~cs in 
ecology... they need to get out-
d rs and see what's realJy going 
on." he aid. 

Case explained that a course he 
tea he~, Biology I 70 (ecology lab}, 

utilize~ the eucalyptus groves and 
anyons at UCSD as a field work 

area. The cou rse "makes use of the 
local flora and fauna," he said. 

According to Revelle senior 
Cri tin Colbert, one lab involved 
tudying hummingbirds in the area 

behind Central Libmry. 
"We mapped territorie based 

on agres ive conflict they have with 
otherbirds[andl calculated theirca-
loric expenditures." 

The ecology course also entails 
what Colbert calls "nature walks." 

"That '~ the really great part. 
[Profe~sor Casel points out differ-
ent species of plants. We begin to 
recognize lizard , mice, and differ-
ent bird calb. 'TIlat 's hard to do on 
your own." he said. 

When fie ld studies are avai lable, 
students "learn trapping tech-niques 
and how t describe vegetation sta-
tistically," aid biology professor 
David Woodruff. "You have to go 
o utside to do this." 

According 10 Ca.~c, campuse~ 
uch as UCLA no longer have natu-

ral resources, and studenb cannot 
study them without also having to 
take a bus tnp. But UCSD stu cnts 
do not have to face thb problem. 

At her clas~, Colbert nOleo that 
"nature b right out the door" 

- Sangeeta Mehta 

~-------------"'-~~---1 • p - ...: .::r, Nail Speci als , . ~ 
ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay 

Fills $12 tkQ. $15 ,New cents 0'1 y 
Fiberglass Nails With Tips 529.99 Reg S> 'J 

Mantcures & Pedicures S15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg $3 ... 

I 
I 
I 
I 

NAILS BY JENNIFER MEN AND WOMEN I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 

L Not valid With any other offers. Exp. 3'21.'91 .J 
---------------------• •••••• • ••• •••••••••••• ••••••••••• 8 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 

• 



10 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

Oren Explains Israel's Views on the Gulf Crisis 
By Flanna Muchnlk 
Guardian Reporter 

Although the l~raelis arc overjoyed with 
the end of fighting in the gulf. it i too early to 
celebrate because, according to Itzhak Oren. 
the onsul ofI'imel in Bo ton, the end will not 
come until the United State. ends a clear 
me age to Saddam Hu!> ein and hi people 
that the Imqi have 10 t the war. 

"The nited tate ha done a good job in 
the gulf. Now they can leave. But I mel re-
main. in a land surrounded by 19 Arab nation. 
We must let addam know that he h been 
defeated," said the 40-year-old Israeli diplo-
mat, when he poke at C 0 last Thursday. 

UCSO is ne of the many univer.,itie. Oren 
hw. Visited throughout the country t give 
I<;nlel's pcrspe tive on th gulf crisis. 

"I\rael', elf image ha, changed." he c -
plaincd. ''['or the li!',t time. "mel did not 
respond to a national securit. threat. It' ... palO 
ful." 

But now that the cr •• " '-flre IS In effect. 
hracl h pes that 'tabillty will come t the 
region .,tability that will lead toa new order 
111 the Middle E'N. he said. 

Since 1987. Oren's III 1','" ion in B ston has 
been to represent the tate ot brael 10 the . \. 

He i in charge of public relations, pecifi-
cally Media Relations, Infonnation er-
vice" and University Affairs. 

"The United State. i an open society, 
and public opinion count ," he aid. "Our 
method of gerting I rael' tory a ro i. 
n t propaganda but education." 

Oren's work centers around talking with 
the media and giving lecture tours, prima-
rily at universitie ,throughout the country. 
lie h pes to inform as many people as 
possible about I rael's position in the MiddJe 
East. and amwer many unanswered ques-
tion . He al brief group interested in 
going to I rael,and promotesj int venture 
to funher econ mic advancement in the 
country. 

"[<,mcl i a mall c untry. It has fought 
many wars. wars that I have erved 10 
my.,c1f.1 I-.nowhow Imponant It isto tellthe 
stol) f I raclto other nation ..... he said. 

OTl!n beheve~ that his diver e diplo-
Illatlc career has given 111m the f...nowledge 
needed t telilhat.,t ry. 

Born in Pew h Tikva, Israel, he siXnt 
Illost f hIS early years in Tel AVIV. Grow-
IIlg up 10 an envlr runent where the na-
tional agenda and natl nal needs arc high 

on the priority Ii t, he joined the military service 
with the I rael Defense Force as a banery com-
mander in the anillery corp . 

For two years, Oren traveled around the world 
as "mo t young people do," he said. After the 
surprise atta k of the Syrian in the Yom Kippur 
War of 1973, he returned to the military to serve 
another five years a trategy analy t with the 
rank of major. 

In 197 ,Oren joined the Foreign Mini try to 
help make peace with I rael'~ former tTOng t 
enemy. Egypt. He then served as Con ul of Uni-
versity Affairs in New York. Upon returning to 
I rael, he was elected as a Rothchild Fellow by 
the Hebrew University and Foreign ervice, and 
worked on a Ph.D. thesi, on I rael' national elf-
image. 

Thi" ummer he will return to Israel and await 
the call determining his ne t destination. 

"I love my job preci. ely becau e it' unpredict-
able and my wife. Ruth, and three kid. travel with 
me wherever I go," he aid . 

In the next four to five years, Oren hopes to 
erve in Europe w hen the Eul' pean ommunity i 

sure to playa larger role in global politic . 
"Peoplearepeopleinanyc untryintheworld," 

he aid. "The Iraqi peopled n't want to fight any 
more than any of u ." 

PLEASE CALL 534·RIDE 
FOR RESERVATIONS AND INFOMATION 

I Buy one single scoop FREE • 
I " '~ -: I. Ice cream cone from • t: Bud's Ice Cream Parlor I . ~ and get a 2nd cone EJcplfes 3/ 21/ 91 • •... _ ... _ ... _ .. __ ... _. 
___ AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR __ • 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \M/ and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------------------

I 

THIS IS A FREE SERVICE PROVIDED BY 
ASUCSQ AND TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES 

Uni\'c r iL r an Oi 8 
28th Year 

Guadalajara Summer Session 
June 29-August 3, 1991 

Thursday, March 7, 1991 

PARKS 
Continued from page 7 
tationbytheAu tralian Borerbeetle. 
"The Park Committee is [ onsider-
ing) providing orne tree with wa-
ter - that will help them resi t the 
beetle." 

lenki on reiterated that another 
way the Park Committee attempts 
to protect UCSO' eco ystem is by 
asse ing the health and condition 
of all open pa in the park. 

"We look at how healthy the 
grove are ... and what can be done 
to help them," he aid. 

Eventually, the Park Committee 
will determine which areas of di -
turbed vegetation shall be re tored. 

"We're looking at whether it i 
feasible to replant in [damaged) ar-
e . Our intent i to retain native 
[resources) in a'i pristine condition 
a'i po ible:' Jenkinson aid. 

Pepper Canyon i one area that 
may be replanted with native veg-
etation. The Park mmittee is aI 0 
lookingatlh po . ibilityofimprov-
109 the health of the Grove Reserve. 

According to Woodruff, U O's 
efforts to pre erve an open space 
network i e sential for ae thetics 
and tea hing. It al 0 erve to pro-
tect a vani~hing reo ource in the San 
Oiego area - the survival of area 
fauna depencb on prote ting the 
Park. 

''The land on campu. is becom-
109 increaslllgly ImpOJ1ant becauc 
the community has de. troyed so 
much of nearby Jands," ~ oodruff 
aid, explaimng that the ity has 

"gIven [natural areas) away to indi-
vidual developers ... If the ity i 
doing anything [to protect its natu-
ral resources). it is a little t 0 late." 

But through the effort of the 
Park Committee, it isn't too late for 
UC 0 ' flora and fauna. 

MONARCHS 
Continued from page 7 

The monarch butterflies are not 
neces arily endangered as much as 
their habitats are, Marriott aid. He 
aid that if any large buildings were 

built on the east side of a butterfly 
habitat, the monarch would leave. 

" It would cut off their acce to 
the moming sun," he said. 

For example, Marriott aid con-
struction near Urey Hall 's eucalyp-
tus trees di rupted the nearby mon-
arch bivouac. He said the butterfly 
population near Urey Hall dropped 
from 1,500 butterflies to about 500. 

"I stopped going there because I 
knew there weren ' t many butter-
flies there," he said. "Some of them 
probably moved to Mandeville, but 
some of them flew north." 

When habitats are disrupted or 
destroyed, Marriott said that the 
butterflies have to move to "a less 
suitable habitat." 

UCSO does not prune the trees 
in the Mandeville grove orthe Coast 
Apartments, in an attempt to pre-
vent the disruption of the monarch 's 
habitat. 

However, Marriot said that if 200~ DISCOUNT· Courses fully accredited by the Western Associa- trees are cut down within 50 yards II 0 tion of Schools and Colleges (WASC). Spanish of a butterfly ite "that could cause WI h thiS ad · Expires 3/21/91 I t III I S' I' IdS . I Ed anguage a a eve s, 1- tngua an pecla u- some problem ." I 'Mus pr~=c...ou~=~=~a::~,~t=,~~tmal~ cation including ESL and Reading Education, Art, "If you takeaway [the monarch ) 
I Folk Dance, Literature, Folklore, History, Sociol- habitats they won't have a place to 
I -=-.-:' I C_ALL I CRAll FSORCNIA go," he commented. "You 'll lose I.!'.l 450 94 94 ogy, Guitar, Political Science, Cross-Cultural themlikeotheranimalswhoseenvi-
I ¥ I Studies. Tuition: $600 for 1-8 undergraduate units, ::._.:.: ;.;"r ,,; ronment has been damaged." 
II . , "'""<I I $640 for 1-8 graduate units. Room and board with Themonarch ' habitat atUCSO 

a Mexican Host Home: $600. Apartment and Hotel hould be protected for the ake of I I accommodations available. tudying the migration of the but-
I If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them terflie , Marriott aid. About Us; If They Haven't Discovered For information: Guadalajara Summer Session, "Whatotheranimalcom acros 
L Us Yet, Ask Us For References. University of San Diego, Alcala Park, San Diego, five tatestovi it UCSD?" Marriott CA 921 10-2492. asked. " It is a whole leaming lab, _!a.:.~~~!!!'.;,:~~~c;: T~!=T.!:_.J ,'--_____________________ --11--- :;~t.~oPle hould take advantage 


