
MONDAY 
EDmON 
• OPINION 

The TGs - one of the 
school's most celebrated 
student traditions, is on the 
brink of a pennanent 
hibernation. The Price 
Center, hardly an ideal 
location, has been tenta-
tively scheduled as the new 
home for the event It might 
be the only chance we have/ 
PAGE 4 

• FEATURES 
Although UCSD is 

located near the Mexican 
border, students know little 
about their neighboring 
country. New ethnic studies 
requirements are hoped to 
promote greater cultural 
awareness/PAGE 9 

.A&E 
Live from La Jolla ... it 's 

"Three Sisters." Jon Lovitz, 
of Saturday Night Live 
fame, and Nancy Travis 
from "Three Men and a 
Baby" talk to the Guardian 
about the Anton Chekhov 
play they are currently 
starring inlPAGE 12 

Despite a lack of 
postseason experience, the 
UCSD women's tennis team 
appears to have a very 
definite shot at winning this 
year's Divillonm rwional 
cham~p. 'llte Triton.'i 
leave for Atlenra tomOrrOw 

aathe tlwe 

m ege Iyer 
On Quotas re acist 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

A eri of flyers posted last 'Week 
by the San Diego Young Americans 
for Freedom sparked crie of racism 
from everal U SD tudents. 

The flyers. po ted throughout 
campus on May 4, criticized the 

ffirmativeAction policie of many 
universitie . 

Ayers were printed with logan 
uch as "Quotas are in titut ional-

ized racism" and profile of two 
students, one allegedl y accepled and 
one allegedly denied by the UC 

dmi sion Office. The accepted 
tudent. with a GP of ~.96 and a 

5 9 SAT core, was de cribed as 
part of an "underrepre ented popu-
lation" with the academic goal of 
"cruising babe and ·keggers. , .. 

The rejected Filipmo-American 
'tudent. on the other hand. wa. aid 
to have attamed a 4.5 GP. and a 
III 0 SAT score. She wanted to 

maj r in bi ngineering, but as 
not a epted becau e the Filipino-
American quota had been filled. 

Soon after th two fl, ers were 
put up, they were apparently tom 
down in prote t by everal UCSD 
student ,including Brian Slack. Stu-
dent Affirmative Action Commit-
tee representative to the frican 
American Student Union. Slack. 
however, said that he only tore down 
the flyers becau e they lacked an 

.S. tamp and therefore were not 
legally po ted. 

Slack 'aid he would have left 
them up if the. had an -\. . tamp. 
since "everybody's got the nght t 
free peech." but would tear them 
uown again if he find .... them posted 
in the domlitorie . 

Slack aid that he believe the 
flyers are raci t becau e the. are 
"wrinen by biased people." He de-
fined hi view of raci om a "oPPo '-
ing a per on without knowing who 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Dermal Distortion - Mike Ness and Social Distortion played at 
Saturday'S New Music Festival in the Price Center Plaza. 

__ e 

t THE 'QUOTA' flYER ' ~",(I;.~ '. 

Quotas Over Quality 

'UnIveraIty 0/ Quolas where 
. ... ethnic & academic diversity goaJs 
'-0. .... ~!:;-~ .. .... ,....... are OUr (ftIeIee" ~C4 n"" ""f" """", 

• Flyers like this one, sponsored by the San Diego 
Young Americans for Freedom and posted arouna 
campus last week, have been called racist by some. 

[he or she is]." 
lack cited the wording of one of 

the flyers as an example f "igno-
rance." The accepted. underrepre-
.eIlted student in a flyer was de-
scribed . ahack, ackchamp. Slack. 
said that he hili> nevereen a student 

of col r"hacky-acking" around Pa-
cific Beach. 

"Those tlyer are unfacLu'I ," 
lack said. 

Gary Gelit:r. a .\Iuir ~ll1egc tu-
dent and chair of the 'nung. \ml:r-

See FLYER, Page 3 

arkingPe it ud 
m 

Relyea to choose either across-the-
board or percentage based increases 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Wnter 

"ice Chancellor of BUSiness Affairs Steven Relyea must make 
a decision on parking fees by June 1 - but Relyea's de Ision Will 
not involve whetheror not to rat. e fees, but rather who Will bear the 
brunt of the Increase. 

The Transportation and ParkIng Advisory Committee (TPAC) 
has approved a percentage-based Increase, under 'v hleh each type of 
permlt-"S" for students, "B" for staff and graduate students •.• A" 
for faculty, and "R" for reserved - is assigned a percentage by 
which iLS cost ~ III increase. The proposal call, for incrc' se!' of 13.6, 
loU. 19.4. and 19.4 percent for "S, . "B, .... ," and "R" permits 
respectively. 

The administration, on the other hand, has proposed ,m across-
the-board plan which raises the price of"S _." ,'. :md ". .. cnn!! 
54 a month, and "R ' pem11b 58 a m nth. 

Following the percentage-based proposal. a studl.!:1t ~ould pay 
$2:25 for a mne-month parkIng permit next;. e. r .• nu fac u It) 
member would pay $333. 

Lnderthe acro:s-the- aro propo, ai,all nntts' III.n,r a~e b:-
$34 for the year . For example." .. pennit Will cost $:34 .• nd "A' 
and·'R"permltswiJlbeS315.Incnmoarbon. tudents .ald 19~tll 
year for 0' "permits. and faculty and aummistrator spent 

. "A" and "R" oermit . 
Student leaders nrg Ie that Q\er t.me, the aero s- hc-b ru pro-

posaJcalJs forstuaent to ay. n increasinl.!l~ larocrpl'ceforpenntt 
in proportIOn . hat 'hI.! facult: wfluld ~.' 

hinese udi anges anned 
By Stephanie Simon 

talfWmer 
n increase in faculty nd 

rJ.nt have parked major cours 
I n. 10 GCSD' Chine e Studies Pro-

J ccording to 'u' Brennec' c, 
Chinese Studle adrnllllstmtor. th E:J t 
\st:ln ourse olddition vtlI be 3\a1I.lble 
lex: fall. 111 CO r;e I. three- 11.U1er, 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 
Five-Story Building Expected to be 
Constructed for Earthquake Tests 

Construction of a five-5tory reinforced masonry bui Id-
ing, to be tested for eanhquake resistance, is expected 10 
begin this fall inside the Charles Lee PoweU Structural 
System Laboratory under a $500,000 grant from the 
National Science Foundation. 

The building will pennit researchers to conduct the 
tirsl, full-scale test of such a I Ncture in the Uniled Siaies 
under laboratory conditions, and repre ents the most 
Significant study conducted in the strucrures lab since its 
dedication tive years ago. 

As designed, the masonry building will imulate a 
portion of a high-ri secondorrti ni um ora multi-story hOlel, 
complete with balconie and openings for large bay 
windows. 

"Masonry" refers to tru ture built by connecting ,I 
~eries of reinforced units, s uch as bricks or c ncrete 
blocks. In recent years. masonry buildings - reinforced 
to add trength - have regained populanty, rcli ing 
que lions aboUl their resistance 10 earthquakes. 

T help mimic earthquake forces in the Powell lab, the 
model building will be connected to a 50-foot-high c n-
crete w;tll -called the rC<IC110n strong wall-containing 
up to 15 hydrauhc actuators. Each actuator, a device 
omewhatimilar to a large car jack. i 'capableof pIa ing 

100 torn. of horiL ntalload again~t the building. 
A \ phistl ate<! computer program and new testing 
procedure~ have bccncre<lted to ~lInul, te a natural sei!>mic 
event in ~low mOl ion over several weeks. TIle bui lding 
will be subjected to m[L\imum stTCl.~, while aVOiding 
complete de~tru tion. 

Slate-of-ihe an sen~OI wiII monitor the Mress and 
damage to materials,joints, and , y tems in the building as 
it i., twbted and ::.y~tematically destroyed under the in 
tense prc~~urc. Results from this Ie t, expc Icd to begin 
C<trly nc.,t year, wi II also be u cd 10 help refine compUler 
models l11at will allow rc ear-chers to predict eanhquake 
resistance for masonry building of varying ire and 

Calvin and Hobbes 

g 

The UCSD Guardian 

design. 
Construction of these analytical models will require the 

computational strength of the CRA Y Y-MP8/864 
supercomputer, housed on campus at the San Diego 
Supercomputer Center. 

Scripps Receives Grant From 
Science Foundation for Exhibition 

Scripps Instirutioo of Oceanography has been awarded a 
$500,000 grant from the National Scieoce Foundation (NSF) 
for a 3,700-square-foot museum exhibition on ocean science 
entitled "Exploring the Blue Planet," 

The exhibition will be installed in the Scripps Hall of 
Oceanography of the new Stephen Birch Aquarium-Museum, 
named in recognition of major funding from the Stephen & 
Mary Birch Foundation, The facility is currently under con-
struction at Scripps, and is scheduled to open in fall 1992. 

The National Science Fooodation is providing approxi-
mately half of the funds required for "ExplOling the Blue 
Planet," an exhibition designed to help Visitors ellplore the 
many tields of oceanography. 

" ElIploring the BluePlanet"containsseven,self-contained 
exhibit areas, each dealing with a different aspect of how the 
oceans are integral to the overall function of Earth as a global 
sy tem. 

Exhibits will how how seawater moves as currents, tides, 
and waves; how the ocean interacts with our atrno phere to 
cre<lte climate and weather; and how hifts in the ea floor 
result in earthquakes and volcanoe . A simulated submersible 
ride will offer a glimpse of marine life from the ocean surface 
to the deep sea, Displays on Scripps research will de cribe 
how ocean scIences help explain current problems such ru. 
global warming, while other eli 'play ' will focus on the wise 
usc of ocean rewurces. 

Since its founding in 1903, Scripp Institution has operated 
and maintained a public aquarium which erves as the inter-
pretive center for reseorch projects under way at the IflStitu-
tion. £Isgoal is to provide ongoing, informal science education 
lothe public and to promote wi e use of the oceans and ocean 
TC.<,Qu rces. 
Informational Career Fair Will Offer 
Chance to Speak With Professionals 

Students who are having trouble making career decisions 
can heighten their awareness of career oplions by lalking to 
experts, 

All . lUdems are invited 10 explore more than 90 occupa-
tions on Friday althe Career lnfonuation Fair. Professionals 
will be available 10 speak about their fields and answer 

by Bill Watterson 

~--------------~ --

Monday, May 13,1991 

questions from II a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Career SeIVices 
Center Plaza, 
San Jose Talko Incorporates 
Drums, Dancing Into Performance 

A unique dance and music group, known as San Jose 
Taiko. will be appearing at MandeviUe Auditorium on 
Saturday at 8 p.m. The group, comprised of Asian Ameri-
cans, plays exotic rhythms on drums known as Japanese 
taileos and dances in Japanese costumes. 

Searching for an outlet for their cross-cultural experi-
ences, the group selected the taileo for its expression . 
because of the drum's symbolism and use in Japanese . 
history. 

San Jose Taileo has taken the traditional mythms of 
Japanese drumming and introduced the beat of African, 
Utin. and jazz percussion. 

All of the compositions perfonned by San Jose Taiko 
are written or arranged by members of the group. All 
members take part in composing, choreographing,design-
ing and producing costumes, as well as handcrafting the 
drums. 

San Jose Taileo has performed concerts throughout the 
United States and Canada. For more information 0 0 this 
event, contact the University Events Office, 534-4090. 

Tickets forthe event are $9 for students, $1 I for faculty. 
taff, and senior citizen ,and $ 13 for general admis ion. 

Four Southern California Artists 
Featured at Mandeville Gallery 

Four Southem California anists will show scu lptural 
work in a Mandeville Gallery exhibition titled 'Three 
Dimensions," beginning Saturday and continu ing through 
June I 6. The exhibition is the ninth in a series of annual 
invitational exhibition presenting the works of emerging 
and mid-career anists working in the United States. 

There will be an opening receplion from 6-8 p.m. on 
Friday at the gallery, 

The ellhibi t focuses on sculptors currently residing in 
Southem California, whose sculpture encompasses a di-
verserangeofmedia andstyles. Theanists- Lee Boroson, 
Tom Driscoll, Amanda Farber, and Judit Hersko - will 
show wall and floor sculpture; Boro on, Driscoll and 
Farber will each ellhibit a drawing; and Hersko will present 
an ephemeral work on the Mandeville Gallery Patio. 

Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m., Tuesday through 
Sunday. Parking permits are required and may be pur-
chased at the Gilman Dri ve and Nonhview Drive infonna-
lion pavilions. For infomlation, call 534-2864. 

GulSil)IAN 
PHIL GRUEN, Editor In Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN, MllnBgfng Editor 
LES BRuVoLD, AssocIBte Spotts Editor 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, AssocIBte Features Editor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgn Editor 
BILL DOWLER, Copy Editor 
MELINDA HAMLTON, AuocIsta News Editor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, AuocIsta News Editor 
LARA HEISLER, ~ AIU Editor 
HEAlliER HOLTZCLAW, AsaocIa,.Spotts EdltOi 
CHRIS11NA HUIZAR, Ans/EnrenaJnment EdItor 
PETER KO, Spotts Editor 
JEfNFER KOLSKY, Photo Edlfor 
KENT KORZON, ~ Copy Edttor 
MEL MARCelO, ANoc/ate ar.phIcs Edttor 
SANGEETA MEHTA, AasocIImt Feetutes Editor 
BRIAN MORRIS, ~ Photo Editor 
JEFF QUAN, Gnlphlctl Editor 
JASON SNELL, ,... Edftof 
JEFFREY YAMAGUCHI, "-turN EdItar 
JEJHFER YANCEY, ~ EdIIDr 

80S DeANDREA, BusfI»U ~ 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AcJwrtJ.1ng II..., 
MtKE MARTlHEZ, Adwrtfllng OHIgnM 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CINstfl«l R.",..."tatl". 
--., I '.:T..nsa.w 
........ ~ ~ 1IIIangio, 00ri0I CoM, PIOIo VIIIdaIiI 
CIIaMan: 00ri0I CoM. .be lIo.l6"\Ilil 

Mo nday, May 13, 1991 

FLYER 
Continued from page 1 
iean for Freedom (Y AF) , defended 
his po ters. He aid the flyers ;Ire 
"definitely nOl raci I - Ihe Y AF 
doe not cond ne di rimination by 
skin color." 

Geiler said the YAF include 
members from many races and p0-
li tical partie , According to Geiler, 
quotas lhem elves are racist because 
of reverse di crimination. 

"You cannot classify OOleone 
on the basi of kin color," he aid. 

Geiler aid that he believes the 
is ue concems the morality of quo-
tas. He said thai fact on whether or 
not quotas work merely obscure the 
issues of racism. 

HI have fact ," Geiler aid as he 
pulled pages of scrawled notes out 
of his briefcase, "but I don' t want to 
play that ganle. The i sue is, are 
quotas right or wrong?" 

He then tore his fact sheets in 
half and put Ihem back in his brief-
case. 

Geiler said he decided 10 post 
flyers after an incident last month in 
which a Fi lipino-American claimed 
she was not admitted to Berkeley 
becau elheFilipino-Arnericanquo-
la was filled. Geiler believes uch 
discrimination to be mc isl. 

Slack said people who oppose 
affirrnativeaction are racist because 
they are looking at the issue fro m a 
one-s ided, white male perspeclive. 

PARKING 
Continued from page 1 

and staff pay rai es have been put 
off for six month . 

Anderson, however, aid that the 
40 percent student feeincrease"stiU 
isn't an argument for the faculty and 
slaff to carry the s tudents' share. It 's 
a lean year for everyone." 

When asked about Ihe potential 
disproponion of s tudent-to-fac ul ty 
permit price with the across-the-
board proposal. Anderson said, " it's 
just how the plan worked out. I have 
no comment on that. " 

Anderson recognized that stu-
dent parking is becoming Ie s ac-
cessible to the campus, but, "that's 
happened on other campuses. Fac-
ul ty gets priority," he remarked, say-
ing that the need is outgrowing the 

CHINESE 
Continued from page 1 
sure from students of various back-
grounds for years to create such a 
course on this campus. He said that 
he remembers compl iants about the 
lack of such a program since he 
came to UCSD in 1973. 

"There was so much interest, for 
a variety of reasons; where this cam-
pus is located, so close to the Pacific 
Ocean; because of the pretty notice-
able representation of Asian and 
Asian-American students on this 
campus; and other students, withoul 
Asian backgrounds, who were sim-
ply interesled in what we now call 
Pacitic Rim/Pacific Basi n, forbusi-
ness careers, law, or various profes-
sion ,di plomatic ervices, joumal-
ism, and the academic disciplines," 

He added that the lack oflower-
division Chinese Studies courses 
made the new East Asian course a 
nece ity. 

Pickowicz said that a lack of 
staffing prevented the course from 
being crealed until now. The re-
cruitmenl of new faculty members 
Joseph E herick, from the Univer-
ity of Oregon, and Tun-jen Cheng 

and Barry aughton, from UCSD ' 
Intern tional Relations/paciticStud-
ies DL~artment, has made the course 
po sible. 

Al l three profe ors, along with 
Pickowicz. will co- teach the new 

He aid the s)stem. as it i now, 
till creates inequalities bel ween and 

different rJcial group . 
Sia k brought up an analogy in 

which a white man and a black man 
stan a running race at the founding 
of America. The black man is held 
back until Ihe Civil Rights Move-
ment of the ' 60s, after which he i 
faced with the task of catchi ng up in 
the race. 

" The issue is, are quotas 
right or wrong? 

" GREG GEILER 
Young Americans for Freedom 

Slack insi ts that affi rmative ac-
tion is nece sary 10 help underrepre-
sented students make up fo r this losl 
eqUality. 

"Blacks and white are nOl 
equal," he said. 

An example of the need foraffir-
mative action, Slack mentioned a 
center in southeast San Diego in 
which minority students "have no 
goals. When they know they can go 
10 college, they have some goals. 
That's why a ftinnative action is 
needed." 

According to Slack, minoritystu-

system, 
"Il 's less than convenient forstu-

dents to bring a car. We are encour-
aging tirsl-yearstudents not to bring 
a car ... it's expensive and inconve-
nient," he said . 

Rotenberg d id not agree thallhe 
faculty should a sume priority in 
parking. "If the sludents are ell-
pected to [park funher away). then 
the faculty hould [park funher 
away, 100)," he said. Until last year, 
these fee increases were determined 
on an across-the-board bas is. 

At the end of last year it was 
decided to implement a percentage-
based system of increases fo r 1990-
9 1 ,The interpretations of this deci-
sion are another poi nt of contention 
between Rotenberg and Andcrson. 

Rotenberg said that the one year 
of percentage-based increase was a 

course, 
"Almost every single other uni-

versi ty in the United States has uch 
a course," Pickowicz said. "UCLA, 
Berkeley, Yale, Harvard all have 
it." Now, so does UCSD, 

Mui r College jun ior Kelly 
Garstang, a Chinese Studies major, 
said, "lne class sounds pretty inter-
esting .. .. It will expand the pro-
gram and attract more students. 
Overall, that 's good, but I'll miss 
the personal interaclion that other, 
smaller Chinese Studies classes of-
fer." 

Tony Lu, a Revell e College se-
nior and president of the Chinese 
Student A sociation, highly recom-
mends the new course. 

He cited the need to understand 
the Asian world as it goes through 
changes and takes a bigger role in 
intemat ional issues. 

According 10 Brennecke. other 
departmental change include the 
addition of Chinese Studie 182A, 
"Intermediate Classical Chinese," 
and the renumbering of what was 
previously called Chinese Studies 
183 to 181C. 

Esherick added "!think the Chi-
nese Stud ies Program has an enor-
mousamountofpotential, withalot 
goi ng for it already, both in hi story 
and the other disciplines , ... Once 
we [complete the changes) , J think 
we' ll haveaprogramthatcan be one 
of the best programs in the country. 

The UCSD Guardian 

dents have been working hard to 
calch up and a hieve equality. "Ev-
ery student of color is no longer 
considered part of an underrepre-
ented group," he said, "but Ihey 

always will be - until aftirmalive 
aClion work ." 

lackalsotried todi pelthemyth 
that affimlative action lets lackers 
into college. "When ou get here, 
you're Ihe anle as evel)'body else. 
You have to work jusl as hard to get 
good grade ," 

The flyer i raci t. according to 
Slack, becau e it does not take into 
a count the view of olher races in 
its claims. Geiler, on the other hand, 
aid he believes the quotas them-

selves are racist. He said the issue 
will erupt on campuse nationwide. 

The flyers, Gei ler ' aid, "caught 
the attention of a 101 of people," 
people who may have been scared 
to bring il up because of polili al 
pre ures. 

But gaining attenlion and pro-
voking cont roversy is business as 
(!sual for Ihe Y AF, a conservative 
group fonned in the '60 to counter 
the leftist rudentcu ltu reofthetime. 
The group traditionally ti ghts hard 
for what it believe 10 be right and 
enjoys debate. 

Geiler said he will try to bring 
peakers on campus to take on the 

issue and hopefully persuade some 
studenls to resi t affi rmative action. 

In oddit ion, Geiler said. "Expect 
more flyer ." 

way of "trying omething new," 
and that the system would be re-
as es ed at the end of the year. 

Anderson argued that the per-
centage-based increase was unique 
to this year, and that il would not be 
feasible to continue the syslem into 
the fUlure. 

Although Rotenberg said the 
percentage-based system is en-
dor ed by T PAC, the A.S., the 
Graduate Student Association, and 
one of the two Academic Senate 
representati ves to TPAC, he antici-
pate that the proposal will beheavily 
conte ted. 

"The fact is that the Academic 
Senate will not be forthis, They will 
vehemently oppose it," he sa id. 
Rotenberg said that he feels the chan-
cellor receives constant pressure 
from Ihe fac ulty regarding parking. 

There is [also) a po sibility here of 
building a serious graduale pro-
gram:' 

Pickowicz also noted the pos-
sible openi ng of a new Japanese 
Studies Progmm. 

The Chinese Studies Progrclm is 
a small but growing department, 
whose home consists of thcF ~ of-
fices on the third floor of the Hu-
manities and Social Sciences build-
ing. 

Its 12 faculty members can be 
found in departments throughout 
the campus, such as Literature, lin-
guistics, and Anthropology. 

Pickowicz explained that one 
benefit of the Luce research granl 
will be working closely together 
with other Chinese Siudies faculty 
members on a daily basis, and thus 
the possibility of creating the feel-
ing "of community we need. '" .Be-
ing spread outoverdifferentdepan-
ment , [the Chinese Studies fac-
Ulty 1 hardly ~eseach otherenough. II 

Members of Ihe research team 
are Su an Shirk (IRIPS) , Richard 
Madsen (Sociology), David Gor-
don (Anth ropology), E cherick 
(Chinese History), and Pickowicl 
(History). 

The focus of Ihe tudy is the 
emergence of a civ il society in 
present.<fay China, and the effect it 
will have on the governing Com-
munist Pany's power and gnp on 
sociery. 

vNo Waiting 
t/ Autofeed 

~ Collating 

NEW 3 

V &pert Assistance 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

• UNLIMITED 3 5 ~ · 
: COPIES·": 
• wllfI ifill coupon • 1.5 X 11 201 ...... DUtIOIeed • 

.....'5131191 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

Let Us Earn Our Stripes I 
4150 Regents Pork Row· 619/451-1007 

La Jolla • Next to Ben & Jerr",'s 

FOR RENT 
Looking for a place to live 

this Summer or Fall of '91? 
III:.NU Inl:. Utt-ltAIVIt"U:> 
HOUSING WORKSHOP 

May 14, 6:30 p.m. 
Price Center, Cove Room 

A panel of experts will discuss: 
• Housing options · Righi /respon ibilitie and regulations · Viewpoint 

of lifestyles · Pros/Cons on different areas ' Questions and answers 
Sponsored by COlllmurer SlIldellt Serl'ices & the ACCB 

THE MOST COMPLETE REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

oo~\W MeAT 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE ai UCSID 
THE (}fJJ:t MeAT PREP COURSE RUN ~ TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS IN SAN DIEGO! 

MORE THAN AN EXAM PREP COURSE-ITS TRULY ONE OF A KlNP; 

• TAUGHT BY MEDICAL STUDENTS FOR PRE·MEDtCAL STUDENTS 

• THE MOSTCOMPLETI ISo. POPULAR MCAT PREP COURSE IN SAN DIEGO-
5 YEARS OF PROVEN SLJCCESS! 

• AN tNTENSE, 1000HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP· BASED REVtEW 
PROORAM OF THE SCtENCES, READtNG &. WRITING SKI u.s AREAS TESTED 
ON THE NEW MCAT 

• NEW MCATTESTSTRAHGIES&. STUDY SKtLLS 

• MENStvE SCIENCE PROBLEM SOlVING AND READING SKJUS WORKSHOPS: 
SMALL GROUP LEARNING; INTENSIVE ESSA Y WRlTtNG WORKSHOPS WtTH 
A UCSD WRITING PROFESSOR 

• OVER I ,OC<l PAGES OF HIGH.YJEWMCAT PRACTICE TESTS, tENCE 
PROBLEM SOLVING EXAMS. CONDENSED FORMULA SHEET &. REVIEW 
NOTES PROVIDED TO ALL STUDENTS 

• MEET & HAVE DIRECT CONTACT WtTH CURRENT MEDtCAL STUDENTS; 
DtSCUSStON OF THE MEDtCAL SCHOOL APPLICATION, ADMISSION &. 
INTERVIEW PR ESS, & LIFE ONCE tN MEDICAL SCHOOL DIRECTLY FROM 
THE MEDICAL STUDENT PERSPECTIVE! 

• FREE TAKE· HOME LIBRARY CHECKOUT OF THE BEST COMMERCIALLY 
AVAilABLE MCAT&. tENCE REVtEW MATERtALS 

• PERSONAL TUTORING I\. SCtENCl STUDY GROUPS tNCLUDED tN 
PROORAM 

• ABOUT HALF THE CQ:,"T F Oru~R REVtEW COURSES 
SPONSORED IN PART BY THE sPECIAL ADMISSIONS 
SUPPORT PROGRA~ . UCSD SCHOOl Of MEDICINE 

CLASSES BEGIN JUNE 23 1N pa<f>AIlATIOti FOR THE SEPT 1991 MCAT 
CAL L 

FOR ADDITIONAL tNFORMATtON 8. (619) 456-4848 SUMMER '91 ENROLLMENT FORM 



OPINION 
4 OPINIO 

EDITORIALS 
Ed/lorial Board 

PlltL ORUE . &lllor to h,cf 
R 8t MA LEA . Managing Editor 
JAS "'loLL, e"'s Ed'lor 
Th~ I '(SD Gl4lrJlun I, pubhU\cd IWllle ... ttk .1 the UnlYUill,. or (allromu .• S .. n o.c¥u ("onlcnu 
C I 'I'll \'~",,~cllprcucdhc:rcln rCpKlCnl the ffilJOOI), .,-occofthccdlloo.1 d. AAIJ,,"I'IC.M AC"-CuanJ) 
tho", ut Ill< liC Il<>ord of R<lcnl>. lh< ASLCSD. nor lh< ,nUl< C"",J"", .. >If 

THE TGS 

Keep the Tradition Alive 
The traditi n mu t continue. 
The TG - one of UCS D's o ldest and most unique tradi-
tion ~, i~ in a precari us po ilion. When beer at the Hump was 
ru led il legal in January. UCSD was without oneof the charac-
teristics that et it apart from most othercampu es around the 
nation. Hard work by former oc iated lUdenls ' President 
John dson brought the iss ue back to the bargaining table, but 
a TG with beer wa ' not held unt il April 26 - this ti me in the 
Price Center. Anothe r Price enterTG is sla ted fo r May 24-
nearly one month since th.: previou on . For the past IS year. 
TGs have occurred on a bi-week ly basis. 

The Price Center TG was the mo t widely attended one 
ince the beer ruling. bu t plans for any TGs after the upcomi ng 
nc rem:l1n in abeyanc.:. Officials Will evaluate the May 24 TG 

to ,ee ifmore TGs are po,sible. bUi it is doubtfu l thm there wi ll 
be a TG IO tIm quarter - le:lving pnng Quarter without a 
TGIO for the fir~t time III 15 years. What'~ cau,ing all the 
probkm\'! It ·, the same old thing. 

The TGs on the I lump were di~allowed because the are,1 
wa, not feasibly se ured. leaving an pen pace where the 
general public could interact tn an e\'ent geared strictly ~ r the 

D community. Administrators. D Police. and Edson 
were forced to ,eek ut an area which o uld be cured t 
cir ulllvent this problem. The Pri e en ter was chosen, but 
John Dyer, D':, a\si:,tallt chief of police. said that the 
\ecuri ty at the Apri126 event "did nOl J...eep non-studen t, out," 
and therefore, the Price enter".s not an ideal location" forth.: 
TG. Furthemlore. Tucker aid there were pr blem with the 
transp rtation of the fen e used t bl k off the area, in 
addition to possible fu ture noise interferences wi th evel1ls 
going on in the Price enter Theater. 

So what'~ next? A TG in the PIice enter Ball room? A TG 
in the fenced-off area surrounding the former Urey Lawn? A 
TG on top of the unfini hed entral Library additi n? A .. 
Pre 'ident Agust in Orozco ha a id that potentia l si te for lhe 
TG are being sought . but lhat so far, nothing has materiali zed. 
T he poi nt is, given the legality problem urro unding the TGs 
at the Hump, the Price Ce nter location is probably ou r best bet 
to keep the tradition ali ve . 

What' s 10 t in all of the logistical questions surrounding the 
location is the possibility that the future of the TG's - in 
whatever location - may ride wilh the students. Apparentl y, 
a few highly intoxicated individual s, the distribution o f IDs. 
and in tance of min rs under the influence were enough to 
l ick off some of the authori ties al the las t TG . But why woul d 
these circumslances be any differe nt from pa t TGs at the 
Hump? 

The fac t i ,the undergraduate student body has little else to 
look forward to a a unifying campus event. \ ithoul TG , 
UC D students are left wi th the Sun God Festival. the Muir 
Pumpkin Drop, the C hancellor's Forum. and the Warren 
Commuter Breakfa t . 

Unfortunately, the As ociated Students' programmi ng bud-
get cannot shell out enough dough to att ract big name mu ' ical 
groups to perfoml on a bi-weekl y basis. When the beer wa 
outlawed, the TGs cont inued witho ut it - and wi thout much 
ullendance. 0 more [han 25 students wcre counted at the las t 
TG of the Winter Quaner. There is little po im in wasling 
IUdent fu nds on band when the attendance will be par e. at 

best. 
Though it is not an ideal location. every possible effon 

should be made to keep the TG in the Price Center - at lea t 
for the time being. Should the location hift again, who ' to ay 
it won't get hifted after that? Given that the time lap e 
be[ween the firs t experimental TG and the upcoming o ne is 
long en ugh a il is - it wil l take fo rever to set up allorher 
location. At that rate, it won' t be until 1997 before the be t 
location is di CO\ ered - probably somewhere closer [0 Mi ra 
1esa. 

ure. there are problem. nd the Price Center hardly 
mat hes the Hump for tradllion. environment, and overall 
aestheu appearance. But the Hump 10 ation i history, and we 
need to t;)11 the beer TG'~ Jgain ~omewhere ... and soon, 
before the dela} tactic virtulllly renders them exti n I. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 13, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

The Evolution of Humanity? 
• Mankind is nothing more than animal-kind 

Morality is rhe herd insrinCl in man. 
- Friedrich Wilhelm ietzche 

I recently vi ited the Anne Frank Exhibit at the 
Price Cente r and the question once again returned 
to my mind: How? How could these people sys-
tematically k ill ix million human beings? 

What makes thi even more perplexing is that 
the victims were assimilated and completely at 
one with the citizens of the community in which 
they lived . In short , these people were killing their 
next-door ne ighbors. Even more tragic is that this 
was not the work of one man. 

are among many in mankind's long and horrific 
history. Open any his tory book and you wiU find that 
most societies have murderous skeletons in their 
closets. The Egyptian , the Chinese, the Aztecs, the 
Greeks, and even present-day South African lribal 
wars attest to this fact. 

The behavior of mankind has been no better than 
that of the animals. Indeed, man is simply an arumal, 
perhaps a rational animal - but still an animal. We 
have just started to walk on two legs, but even this 
may not stand out as a symbol of compassion. 

Erroneously, many people presuppose that hu-
manity equals goodness. Moreover, this belief is so 

strong thai it even pervades our 
language. We use terms such as 
"inhuman" or "animal-like" to 
describe things which seem to 
contradict what we believe is 
fundamental to our hllmanity. 
Herein lies our problem. 

Hitler alone could not 
~laughter ix million Jews. He 
had hoards of assistants who 
rna terminded many of the 
methods and actions employed 
to nuff out the candle called 
Judaism. The cattle cars, 
camps, barbed wi re, gas cham-
bers, trenches, and mass graves 
were designed and brought to 
fruition through the work of 
many minds - both men's and 

RECOIL/ -'- ,- -~r'" '- .. '-'..... ..... :~: I-<' ,I ' , 

We assume mankind is en-
dowed, at an almost biological 
level, with compassion. Once 
one realizes that we are nothing 

women' . The details of the Holocaust cannot be 
done justice to in Ihis column, bUI the question of 
how this could have occurred slill needs illumi-
natjon. 

Some people have suggested thar the same 
facel of human narore which brought about the 
Holocaust was the foree behind our decision to 
wage war in the Pers ian Gulf. This is nOI only 
nonsense, but insulting. Without once again going 
into a moral justificalion for the war, Ihe Nazis 
viewed the Jews as a sector of their society which 
musl be eliminated. Therefore, they stopped at 
nothing to achieve this goal. 

On the other hand, the allied forces intention-
ally kiUed only armed Iraqi soldiers in their at-
lemptlo free Kuwait from rape. murder, and unjust 
aggression. This is a far cry from the Holocaust, 
and an affront to all who have been touched by the 
Nazi genocide. 

Perhaps Saddam Hussein's actions in the Per-
ian Gulf War - rather than those of tbe allied 

forces - is a more appropriate analogy. Hussein 
and the Iraqi armies ' wholesale slaughter of the 
Kuwaitis was a barbaric display of inhumanity. 
But this is what all conquering annies engage in 
when eizing the territorial spoils of war. No 
mailer how atro ious the mas acre, however, 
Hu ein' l> i olentions were notto wipe out an entire 
race. 

What I find most tragic is that the actions ofIraq 

more than animals, the events 
ofmaokind's past make more sense. In fact, at times 
we are worse than animals. for animals would never • 
herd up six million of their own kind and scientifi-
cally destroy them. 

Sadly, while I was at the exhibit , I overheard one 
schoolteacher who said, "We must bring the children 
here." This is truly disheanening. Society must teach 
our children about the genocides of the past in the 
hopes that our children will not follow suit. This 
implies that our children, if not wamed about the 
past, will repeat it. We are born with trus potential, 
and if we do not intervene, our youth may one day 
become party to the same crimes which have histori-
cally marred the face of humanity. 

We are all born to be animals. Morality is a never-
ending process in which we try to shrug the instincts 
of our evolutionary past. From the cradle 10 the 
grave, humanity fights a losing battle against evil. 
Armed with moraljty, we pursue a campaign to 
overcome our instincls and become better than the 
animals. 

Yet morality and its logical counterpart - laws 
- are not arrempts to protect other people. They are 
a subconscious undertaking that we perform as a way 
of protecting ourselves from the animal which all 
people must contain . 

It is like an in urance pol icy that mankind buys 
into, hoping to survive, but tragedy inevitably sets in 
when we decide that we no longer want to include 
another race as members of our policy. 

Monday, May 13, 1991 The UCSD Guardian OPINIO 5 

Where Does My Future Lead? LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
• One day it was a teacher, the next day a lawyer ... 
graduation is approaching, and I'm so confused 

It's About Time for Matt 
I Schnurer to Give it a Rest 

By Jenn"er Yancey 
Arts & Entertainment Editor 

Ienvymy f riend Donna. I really 
do. She's going to be a doctor. 
somelhing she' wanted to be all of 
her life. and she 's on course to 
fulfill that goal . It seem so clear-
cut to someone on the out ide ... 
you're a bio major as an under-
graduate. you take the MCAT, you 
apply to med school, and voila, 
you're a doctor. It's seems to be a 
path that leave very lillIe room for 
devialion. 

I,on theotherhand,do not have 
uch a clearly-cut path to foll ow. 

Since I've been at UCSD, I've 
changed my major three times. 
Each week I have a new career to 
pursue .... lawyer, teacher, journal-
ist, international trader. 

After I aw the film "Dead Po-
ets Society," I knew that leaching 
and inspiring kids like Robin Wil-
liams did was the career for me. 
But all that changed after I saw 
"The Accused." I knew that be-
coming a lawyer was my true call-
ing. 

Sometimes [ 'II be s ilting in 
class and all of a sudden I ' ll begin 
thinking about how great il would 
be to work in A frica for the rest of 
my li fe. I'll develop a hig hly intri-
cate plan of the perfect company I 
would establish that would send 
relief to African people. But once 

I walk out of class, there' s some-
thing else to think about. 

All of this confus ion is pUlling 
me in a state of panic. Each day, 
graduationsee mscloserandclo er, 
and yet I'm nowhere near knowing 
what ['m going to do for the re t of 
my life. A careerha always been 
important to me, but I ju t wi h I 
could decide on one! 

Literature is a wonderful ub- I 
ject to study ... you get 10 read lots 
of great books and wri te papers 
about lhem, but those aren' t real 
prac tical skills in the work force. 

I didn't u ed to worry abo ut a I 
career so much. The fir t two years 
of college I was care- free and I 
happy-go-lucky. [ wa also pan of 
the majorit y. II seem like I re-
turned 10 chool in the fa ll o f my 
third year and everyone had made 
their career cho ices already. [t wa 
like the whole thing pa ed me b . 
ft ' j u t been th is year that the 
anxiety ha et in in full force. And 
it ' mak ing me crazy. 

It 's also making my parents 
c razy. They've been pretty up-
ponive. but whenever we discuss 
my future there' a tone in thei r 

Sometime [fee l like I' m the voices like . " We don' t wam to 
only one so indec isive. J meet other 
s tudents who have the rest of their 
lives mapped out in detai l. They 
know exac tly where they' ll be and 
what they' ll be doing two year 
from now. Ha! ['m lucky if I an 
plan tomorrow, much Ie s two 
years from now. 

Being a literature major is prob-
ably the most unpracticallhing you 
could do, aside from becoming a 

iology major. At least with other 
majors yo u grad uate wi[h some 
ort of tangible kill , such as engi -

neering or computer science. 

uppor! you much longer. You 
better get a grip on your fu ture 
pretty damn quick." 

My father knew he wanted tobe 
an architect ever since he was a 
li ttle boy. We even have plans ly-
ing around the house that he drew 
whenhewa 12. o ll 'sali ttlehard 
for a man so focused to understand 
my complete lacJ... ('f focu,. 

1 remember a fairy tale I read 
when J wa a kid. It was about a 
kingdom where, when the citi.lens 
turned 18. they went to sec the king 

See FUTURE, page 6 

E ditor: 
We are still trying t figure out 

wh::t A.S . Programmer Matt 
hnurer spend- all hI' time on 

be ause he only doe~ the work for 
:lhout ha Ir h is shows, yet he seems 
to have an overwhelmingly time-
consuming job. 

Si nce hnurer took office two 
yearsago.heha only booked about 
half the TGs. Larry W ei ntraub, 
who wa the Pop Event chair last 
year, booked the other hal f and 
basically kept the TGs going. 
Weint raub did mo t of the blue 
f rms and made ure all [he con-
t ract ~ were in on time, ~omet hing 
Schnurer still doesn't do. ACta 
Weintraub graduated la 'l Decem-
ber, there was an obvious drop in 
the q ual ilY of bands at TG~ and in 
Schnurer 's drive to do TGs at all. 
Weintraub also bo ked the bands 
for the Sun God and New Mu IC 
Festivals, bOth of which Michelle 
Geworski, thi~ year's Pop Evelll~ 

hair, is doing . 
So what i Schnurer ~pellding 

all of hi lime on? It' sei theronthe 
flyers for hi s shows. or driving 
around in the A.S./pricc Center 
carts for hours and hour~. One rea-

~on former A.S . Public Relations 
Commissioner George Maurer 
dIdn't do any of chnurer's flyer, 
last year IS because Schnurer 
wouldn't let him. Schnurer ab~o­
lutely refuses to let anyone help 

him in any way (except for 
Weintraub). and then he complain 
that he has to do it all lum ·elf. 
Maurer should have been given 
the chance to do some flyers, but 
Schnurcrdid practically all theA.S. 
flyers la~t year. 

Last ear ~ome people actually 
tried to help Schnurer out; they 
tried to help plan the e enl!. in any 
possible way, but he refu ed any 
and all he lp. In fac t, he has pissed 

ff 0 many people, his emire pro-
gramming commiltee quit. The 
ironic part is that he ~llll complains 
that he doesn't get any help. 

At the last TG, with all the extra 
se 'uri ty inc luding 30 slUdent vol-
unteers. to make sure non-student · 
couldn't get in, Schnurcrlet in five 
high- 'cho I girb right in frolll ofa 
police officer. This is very typi-
cal of Schnurer' s alti tude toward 
the policie~ of the univer~ily; he 
purposely breaks them no matter 
v hat the concquence~. We real-
ize Schnurer loves to fi ght the poli-
cle~ to the billa cnd. but when he 
J..now. the only way the TG .. will 
goonisif then:arcnoslip ups. and 
then lIlaJ...es one right in frolll of a 
cop. he\ asJ...ing for trouble. 

chnurcr I~ obviously burnt out 
on the whole thlllg. lIe should call 
11 qUlls heforc he does ,olllcthlllg 
really stupid. 

Dan iel Bondurant 
David Kn ight French 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(FreC! consui/li lioll a lid iI/ilia I treCI/ III""( 15 mill . S_O 1« llIe. First-li llie e/(,II1> ollly)' 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS Factory OuUet 
Eyebrows 

Uf4)ef up 

e llo 

Underarms 

Breast 

Stomach 

Bikini une 

F.ngers 
legs 
Toes 

Permanent Hair Removal 
• American Medk31 Association 

<lfJpro ,",:d methods for problem 
cases and sensitive ~kin 

• Medical and cosme tic cle, llolysis 
fo r men and women 

• Female staff, :;tate lic. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis 
LI:4Joua Village Profess/ollat Center Behind Elephal/t Bar 
8950 Villa La jolla D r. /C!. 1 12 J 

j 

'Explres 6/1.1(91 

___ ~_~! _ !t_~_1! _! __ ~_!1_!: .G_~_~ J: ) __ _ 
lfyou're nearsighted or have astigmatism, then our Orthokeratology Myopia 
Reduction Program might be perfect for you. Using the most modern 
contact lenses and vision training available, we painlessly restore clearer, 
more functional vision to even high amounts of nearsightedness. If you're 
tired of being "blind", then maybe ii'S lime to do something about it! Call 
our office and we can discuss your case without obligation. Find out how 
much better you could be seeing in just a few short months. 

FORA FREE CONSULTATION CALL: 

APPAREL 
DE IG NER 
ZO E 

50% 
TO 

90% 
BELOW 
RETAIL 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR. EAST PAST HWY.805 
lEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE 
TO 8250 (ON lEFT) ... EASY! 

8250 CAMINO SANTA FE 

805 

~ 
"-

SALE J! N 
• ~ w+e 15 

8250 j s 
Muamar Ad. 

HOTLINE: 
450-3323 



6 OPINION 

UCSD NIGHT 
IS BACK! 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 

• Lunch 
, Dinner 

SUNDAY NIGIfTS 
UVlllIfI.,AINMINr 

PlAYERS GUIlD 
7-10 

, Oyster Bar <3 
ENTERTANMENT 
sta rts at 7:30 p.m, 
unlil1030 p.m. 

• 21tw student ID ~'.,. ..... , 
Sun,-Thurs. 11 am-12 pm. Fri.-Sat. 11 am-2 am 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
DUl l> Sol! Lcnse EXlended Sot I Len es 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily 3' penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*Includes: L t:\il tll. car.: kit. myopic Icn'.:~, 30 day follo\v up. 
Brand, include 8&1.. Cooper. WJ. Para perm. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5 CI.urCIII{11l1 \11.',,1 l:llvd. 

prOfeSSICln l .. Service 
• Quality Eyecare 
• Reasonable Prices 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
.193 Adum Aye. 

I UCSD STUDENT I 

BIG MEAL DEAL 
'-fif)rWf~I{\ 

0 ... C[).. 12" stlb \ ~ eofClny \ 
1Aqh puycl'1I1S UCSO 10. I"'om<>,;o~.:.-. ~ 

,

L. .. ~V;;.l;:~;:~~o;~~~~~;e~ro:i~;;u;~~o.' ...... 'i~ .. -A ' ~o""O 1'lo1 <r'"' "" ~o~r:.!ro~::.:.;erd. ~ Plea .. 1' .... .,,1 UCSD I 0 
- ffllJ ;IQliri 

6780 Miramar Rd. Bebind Carl 's Jr. 549-6969 
8650 Genessee in the Costa Verde Food Court 558·6811 

T he UC D uardian 

~V~~~h? ~POLITICAL ~ 
CA~roo s 

UNLIMITED 

' We know what the 
real quotas are" 

\ 

BLACK & WHITE 
CARTOONS OF COLOR 

'I gol inla colege 
OOcouse my dod 
mo es a 101 of 
money and IS ocllve 
Wllh lhe alumni 
0=101100 . 
You know 
how lhe 
'Old Bc¥ 
NelWOr' 
of USC 
lawyers 
runs los 
Angeles Bul 
I'm agoll'lsl 
afilfmoilve 
oellon. dude, 
because II's reo;er~ 
dSCllmlnalion . II 
could leopordlze my 
oblhty to gel 0 lob If 
don I work for 

daddy's low film , ' 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Monday, May 13, 1991 

"fie Il .vas a 
gradual'" UCSD 
wOlar Will, a 3 5 
GPA-
HANGED by 
his own 
.. iossmoles fOl 
9"1I·1'19 INa 
school on 
ott"mollve 
aClion 

Itow's Commentary Was Insensitive 
Editor: 
We reali7c that everyonc has a 

right to t:xprc~s an opimon, but it ' 
quite unfortunate that some people 
choo,e to do so in su~h a manner 
that injures anoth r'~ feeling and 
repu tution dirt:ctly because of a 
Ind. of effon to btain and report 
accurate information. 

In the "Opinion"3nicleson en-
,IIIVI! (Guurdial/, priI25), Brian 
Itow. a Muir student himself, used 
an incident in which a member of 
the Mui r ollege ounci l made a 
remark which was interpreted a 
prejudi ed by some other leader 
In the Muir community as an illus-
tration of the mass ive ensi tivity 
of 0 ~tudents. Though he use 
no namt:lo, Itow was purposefully 
pecific in hi , account of what wa' 

said and by whom. thereby making 
the is~ue le~' of ~ens l!i vity and 
more of finger-pointing and chas-
IIsing. 

It· . trul ) pathetic that, in writ-
ing 3n article supposedly about the 
Impon:m e of sen,itivity in our 
,oc iety, one could be so insensi-
live! First of all, to bring up an 

incident which was delicate at the 
time. and to e entially reopen a 
wound elgh, mOil/lis larer. is un-
neces ary and cruel. Are we sup-

po~ed to believe that there have 
been no other instances of in ensi-
tivity anywhere on this campus 
\l\-orthci tingsincc last September '? 
A nd why, if thIS was worth telling 
UCS D, did it take him thi long to 
w rite about it? 

But perhaps the wors t part about 
this piece of "journalism" i that 
Mr. how was n ' t even pre ent for 
any of it - neilher at the time the 
comments were initially made, nor 
a t the time that the members of all 
the councils discussed the is ues. 
And he conveniently left out the 
factthatasarc ult ofallthemisun-
derstand ing and mi communica-
tions, Muirhelda sen itivity work-
hop, mediated by tudents trained 

in that capaci ty, to ensure that uch 
problems would not occur in the 
future. Additional work hop were 
held over the cour..e of the year. 
ini tiated and organtzed primarily 
by the person singled out by frow 
a someone who tainteq her entire 

term by sraning on the wrong foot. 
If people can be held account-

able fo r their mi stakes, then 
shouldn ' t they also be recognized 
fortheir positive ach ievements and 
e fforts as well? So, ltow, yo u 
quoted fairly accurately, and we 
commend you on recognizing that 
being sensitive to others is an often 
forgotten but important quality for 
people to have. But it's a shame 
that you weren ' t able to generalize 
that philosophy to an individual. 
It 's also too bad that in your search 
for journalistic material you didn't 
c ite your ource and give credit 
where c redit was due. nor did you 
re earch enough to make ure you 
were reporting the whole story in-
s teadofselectbit and piece - all 
all he expense of another and indi-
rect ly the expense of the Muir stu-
dent leader population as a whole. 

But maybe that ' where the dis-
tinction between true journalism 
and one- ided, per onal "opinion" 
lies. 

Dori Rosenthal 
Cherie 81. Jean 

Anne Gramm 

African-American History Has More to 
Offer Than Some Revisionists Might Think 

Edi tor : 
Uekawa Kazuaki 's letter, " Re-

visionists Should Focus on Posi-
tive Aspects of H istory" (GLlard-
ial/. May 9) i truly the case of a 
poorly framed argument. Attempt-
ing to suggest a con ensus among 
the Guardian' readership, 
Kazuaki tate that readers of con-
trast ing viewpoints in UWhiteGuys 
Fim h Last" "were convinced on 
one point: ' What ethnic history 
teaches, intentionally or un inten-
tionall y. is ·hatred.·" Clever, but it 
doesn' t work. 

Further, the metaphor quoting 
ome unnam ed professor of 

Chicano hi tory i n ' t a sufficient 
ba is upon which to con ider eth-
nic hi tory injuxtapo ition to-or 
propaganda agai nst - western his-
tory, and i therefore invalid. 

While it is unfortunate that 
Kazuaki ' tudy of African-Ameri-
can hislory may have occurred in a 
vacuum, there were some valuable 
things you might have gai ned be-
sides "black history is whites' bru-
tality toward black laves." One 
being that freedom, eqUali ty, indi-
viduali m , right , etc. don't come 
without a truggle. And the adver-
sity to Iho e concepts in the case of 

the Uni ted States were not simply 
from the Briti h. Bottom line, great 
concepts didn ' t create the modem 
world, people did - more often 
than not at great costs . 

According to Kazuaki , "Cur-
rent teaching of ethni c histories 
doe nothing more than promote 
hatred and increase tension among 
race ."You mightal ohaveleamed 
in your "black history" class that 
thi argument was u ed to suppon 
the doctrine of "separate but equnl." 
Problems pertaining to race in the 
United State are not new and they 
w ill not be erased by making the 
histories of women , Nati ve Ameri-
can • African-American , A ian -
Americans, Chicano/Latino Amer-
icans, etc. more palatable to it 
detractors. 

1 whole-heartedly agree that 
there is something more important 
than remembering "the number of 
minori ties killed by whites ." 
Granted thi pan of hi tory cannot 
be forgotten. I think frican -
American history ha a g reat deal 
more to offer. The fac t that we 
e}\isted before European expedi-
tion into Africa, lIrvivedthemany 
dangers and hardships of life in 
America, fought for our own free-

dom with the aid of many whites, 
and since 1865 have continued to 
work towards improving the qual-
ity of our live are just a few ex-
amples. You might look upon thi 
a revi ion, but I call it filling in the 
gaps. 

Tyrone Harvey 

FUTURE 
Continued from page 5 
who !Old them what they were 
going to do for a career. He 
reviewed their skills and de-
sires and presented them with 
a job. Although [ know it 's 
si lly, sometimes I wish that 
some king would just tell me 
whatto do, 0 I could go ahead 
and do it. 

I10ve peaking to my friend 
Naomi about finding a career, 
because she's even more lost 
than I am, yet he i also some-
one who will succeed in life 
and be happy. She just ha total 
confidence that the future wi \I 
work out her way, and doe n' t 
worry about it. I'm beginning 
to think he has the right phi-
losophy 011 the whole thing. 

Monday, May 13, 1991 The C DGuardian OPINIO 7 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Zachary Berman's Attacks on the WRC Were Unfounded and Incorrect 
Editor: 

Zach Berman, Zach Bennan. 
Zach Berman. I' ve nlmo t ~topped 
havrng any reaction at all to the 
disgusting, uninfonned, superti lal 
B .. you are c ntlllually writing. 
doing your be~t LO fragment, dbton. 
and paint rradlli nally battereu un-
derrepresented groups negatively in 
order to provoke an emotional reac-
tion. 

TIlis I~ a plea n behalf of many 
students at C 0 who are tired of 
reading your pseudo-intellectual 
public masturbation you pose as 
opinion. Your co lumns re fl ect 
poorly on the entire Guardian, in 
that it cannot uphold its repon ibility 
ro the campus to have at least somc 
minimum standard of accumcy and 
integrity as a rNedia publication with 
you writing for it. 

mily uti reofseeingyoucbad-
ass" picture ami by-line III print,you 
force the people \vho re;llly are try-
ing to change the ;lttitud.: and Me-
reotype prevalentoncampu~. which 
you .,0 bmvely defend and pt'rpelU-
ate, to re 'pond and traighten OUt 
the many fa lse tatcmcnts and half-
truth you give;l "fa ·t~." 

I am. of cou r..c , writing in refer-
ence to your Women 's Resource 

enter bashing. I wa~ worried you 
might be running out of discrimi-
nated groups to mi~repre~em, but if 
nothing else you do ~eem to pos e~s 
an extraordinary resilency when it 
come tochoo ingthemany vulner-
able groups to use for prey. 

J found Zach 's cOlllplaint that 
" rarely doe a rally or panel [on ,my 
political topic go on) without a 
spok~person from the WRC wring 

~ Ready tor a New arel o!1to'o" 
f~ SPRING FLING? 

Need a tnal push k> WI your CRA 1 

00 you ".11110 .rudy sma net llII1..lwlIIt1 

For Inormalion, call 5341344 usa 4010 

FREE! FREE! f!;fJYREE! 

her view." ironi 111 that rarel) d I 
not ~ee:z.u.:h himself ~poutingotf. in 
his usual ultra<onservau.e tone, at 
the~e t:vents. I udd 1tI0n , the fact that 
women from the WR speak at 
many rullIe, goc. to sho\\ tht: Illultl-
fJceted make upofth vol ullleer...1 
hope thi, won 't collle a.\ a shocking 
revelation. but women make up a 
large percentage of the populati n. 

han 'cs are good that almost any 
Issue \ III have a direct Impact on 
them. Hen 'e their involvement. Is 
there something wrong with being 
committed to the evellls and I ~ues 
that con em this campus'} Or would 
) ou rather have nothing happen af-
ter a fmtemity hold ' a h1lnd.,-011 
striptease ru h evclll in Peterson 
Hall , for example. (The vast im-
provement of Greek scns itivity to 
~exi.,m is testiment to the benefit · of 

PANIC 
AnACKS? 

• [).I1It'IC» or 
Fcinlneu 

• loud or Ropod 
HeotIbed 
' Sw~ 
, Feeing L1e 

j"ng' en "'~ 

• "",1m.", 
r.-.g..g 

• fear 01 Oymg or 
"'''''9(0n00I 

' Shomeuol 
s, .... 

' 1momn1D0f 
~~SIeep 

• Che>t Poon " o;\(OIIIfon 
' HoI Flo"'"' 

or Clvl, 
• Chol.ng 
• Nauseoor AhdomlllOi 

o.JIrtI, 

AIIho..rjl_ .. oIbcI.. 01 OIIJidy ex pan< can be 
d'oobI~. med<al ktolmen' "aoo,/OOIt (oU lor 
;"Joromhon 000ut OJ( P"'9fm1 do.eIoped 'f""J" 
colly 10 "","<aIIy.....Lole ord treal PO"" ord """,. 
ely f elog.bie. treolmenl 1IICLde, 0 ~ .. med<oI 
.-.oW"", ord treolmenl 

CALL FOR HELP at 452·9232 
or (714) 993·9037 

dialogue between student group, on 
the, .... t) pc of matters). 

Zach. ,tatemenh in your COIll-
nll'Ill~lry Ihat arc '1IIIpl) fal,\': 

1 II'RC 1II';lIIh.:1'.I or" le.l]lo,,-
.liMe/olllie "TlII.1 111.11111,1 \1 (1111(''''' 
.1flcJ..ers 011 pyer.1 rill' WR ha, 
never held a ,ticker IXl,ting ~\'cnl. 
I don' t kl10w where) ou pullcd lhat 
one from. Indi Vid ual I~Oll1l:n both in 
JIllJ out of the RC are confronted 
occa.\lonally with ' .... XI't flyer,.Ilow 
they deal with them i., t:l1ltrely lip 10 
the individual. but It i, an ill-lIl -
fonned fabrication that It b ever 
done by an organif<ltion. 

2. The W R has spo//sored ('1'(,111,\ 
lI'hieil "('.lplio(l), slC/(ed: '//(/ 111('11 
af/owed' .. ,lInder IiiI' IIlIspie('s of IIII' 
A . . " Wrong. Every WR .:~ent i, 
open to anyone who wbhes to at -
lenJ, Thc fl ye r you alc n:fcn ing I 

was one person', infollllal party, 
not a \VR or an .. 'pon,>orcd 
eV~IIt. All peop"" evcn you. are 
en~ouragcd to ath::nd an) of them. 

3, II/ lite \ ~ RC litel (' is III1I1J1prcs-
.1/1'<' C/I/,/ d"ucol/lclll cacite o/llIl'"a-
fill (' . 1110.11 lumtl 1II e ('/Ilbodied 
with "Dm\'/1 I" i lll 111('1/' Up lIilll 
II 01ll£'11 O'er/oll('s ," I wouidallllost 
laugh about thb, if stutclllcnh li"e 
Ihe,e dlJn ' t potentially discourage 
student, from the Illuny valuable 

n:~ources thcy Wi ll never di.cover 
due to your ndlculou, reprc,cm3-
lion of what the center I, about. If 
JOU would have taken half a 'econd 
to t:.\amrnc the book you Cl tc as 
. :.tJui-male.' Why Men Elisl , you 
\\Quld huvc n tic.:d it is wri tten by a 
Illan and is about gender relations 
and the need for both sexes 10 es-

See WRC, Page 8 

GRAND OPENING 
YAK,MONOSPEC IALS 
J , p . .. ... . Fooel 

Tcriyaki hicken, 
beef, or pork served with soup, 

salad and rice 

LUNCH $3.99 

Any Teriyaki with , hrimp and 
vegetable tempura served with 

soup, salad & rice 
LUNCH $4.99 

DINNER $4.75 DINNER $5.75 
r-FR~SUSHI\NrrH()RDiR-' 
L WITIITIIiS AD Exp 5/31/ql I 
-----------------_ .... ~~~rII.2 pm aII.moo", La Jolla Colony Plaza 452.4255 
~:~~:rd;.l~S;;~·1 7728 Regenls Rd. #501 (VonsShopptng Cellter) 

Eat ill or take Ollt. We 11/50 services. 

Get with the program. Save up 
to 70% with Microsoft 

academic-priced software 
for the Macintosh and PC. 

Hyatt Regency La Jolla 
Celebrates the class of '91 
with a $92.00* per night 
Graduation Package 0 
June 14-16 including 

Microsoft. software offers more for less. It gives you the power to 
wrile stunning papers, plan brilliantly balanced budget , maintain 
a comprehensive research database, develop dynamic presenta-
tions, succeed in programming class ... and save money. Microsoft 
academic-priced products for both the Apple. Macintosh. and the 
PC are powerful yet easy to learn and 
use-together, They give you all the 
features and functions of the retail 
version, and the same support and 
update privileges, for up to 70% less. 
Come in today and see how easy it is 
to get with the program - academic-
priced software from Microsoft. 

Malting itali make scnse ,. 

DON'T MISS THE 
MICROSOFT DEMO 
MAY 13 &1!tJ,~O-3) 

UCSD Bookstore 
computer Department 

534- 4291 

a celebration bottle 0 
of champagne 

o 

o o 
o 

o 

o 

o 
'91 o 

Turn graduation 
into a weekend 
affair with our 

Sunday Brunch 
served in 

Barcino Grill 
Sunday June 16 

11 am -2pm 

5 minutes from campus 
For reservations call 

(619) 552-1234 
1-800-233-1234 

f ~ Y-A-L I 
" f ".' 

AI AV E NT IN[ 

Hy~n Rcg~ncy L~ Jolla ~I Menlme, 3iii 1..1 JolI~ \'11I~ge Dn\'e, ~n DIC.O, CA ~~ I ~1 
' SUlglc or doubk oc(UpanC) Based on 'race a\.llabIIlIY. :\ot \'alld \\llh an) otha "Her 



8 OPINION 

MeAT! 
T he new-formilt MeAT is here. We offer the most intensive 
comm rcial prep course for this test in the country. If you are 
taking the MCAT in Fall, you should know more about us. 
Our company is called Hyperlearning, founded in 1988 by a 
group of UCSD, Berkeley, and MIT graduates dedicated to 
accelented sciences instruction. We started our MCAT 
progra m a t UCSD onc year ago, then expanded to UC Irvine, 
and now ha ve classes at UCLA th is summcr. 
Our philosophy is based on relearning rather thilll reviewing. 
When learning complex MCAT s kills, it is our position that you 
need extensive personal contact with true exPerts who arc full 
lime teachers, not il survey-level cOUlSe! About our program: 
• Five daNS II wrek (Sunday through Thllrsday), croer tm weeki. 
• Over 1,200 PQgtS of /JlDlHJl revin.u mQtuiQ/s Qnd SlImph! test s. 
• Over 140 hOllrs of in 'c/IlS5 problt!m solving and review! 
• Truly tXCLllntt, Fu ll-Nm< instnu:tors, 1111 with prYs tigious tUKTtts 

in tlu!;, specilllty, who Ilrt originill ilutlrOrs of tlu! "Ultfflill tlu!y 
tellch (geilred entirely to tlu! new foW/lt MeAT. 

• Never more th,m 24 studtnts in ilny class. TOUlI course fees : $595 
Us, (455-1000), the MCAT Review Course (~4848), and Kaplan (277-
6744) all have prep programs in the local area . Brforr you plunk 
down hundreds o( doUara (or ~ cou.nr, calilround ,nd I f! thf liet,. 
Registration slarted April101h. CLaSHS start July 7th. Enrollment is 
limited . For info (10am-midnite) call : (619) 455-1000 

.tt2U ... ___ 1 ____ .... __ 
L711.JjJt::1 -,t::ClI -, III '!::I 

WALK TO GRADUATION! 
The Residence Inn by Marriott La )olla 

the closest hotel to the UCSD campus 

$12500 
One-bedroom suite Two-bedroom suite 
At the Residence Inn by Marriott La lolla, your family will enjoy spadous 
one- and two· bedroom suites with fully equipped kitchens and living 

rooms. Also, they can treat themselves to our complimentary 
breakfast and hospitality hour. 

890 I Gilman Dr. ~\\drrlol1 · 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

(please ment10n thl~ ad to 
receive speddl rate) 

Residence 
~Inn . 

(619) 
587 .. t770 

Traffic accidents happen ali lhe lime. 
Cars are damaged. People get hurt. But dId you 

ever really think one would happen to you? 

1·800·_1 NOW 
You might think you'll newr 

need it, but here's a phone num· 
ber to remember anyw¥y. 

1·800WHAT NOW. It's a direct 
line to the Georggin & Shann law 
office nearest you, and i'you're 
ever the innocent victim of a car 
acddent, we can help. 

We'll do all we can to get the 
settlement or award you deserve . 
And our fee comes only from 
what we collect for you . 

So remember the number. 
1·800WHAT NOW. You might 
need it som~ay. 

Auto Accident Attorneys 
Miuion Valley National City EI cajon OCNnSide 

28S t Camino Del RioS t717 Sweetwater Rd. 56t N Magnoh ~. 2204 EI CMnino Aul 

The UCSD Guardian 

WRC 
Continued from page 7 
cape the narrow confinement of roles 
the society assigns u . 

4. Tire WRC has a "strollgpofiti. 
cal ann allli·male stance {which} 
creates a hostile alld intimidatillg 
environment." Thi i a particularly 
offensive lie, in that many WRC 
members havespentcountle shours 
in dialogue with you,fal ely believ-
ing you have ears that can listen, 
trying to accommodate and help 
you see where she is coming from. 
[ myself have wasted energy in the 
hope against hope that omething 
will ink in. There are many men 
who hang out in the center. Dia-
logue (Monday at 5 p.m.) was cre-
ated expres ly to facilitate interac-
tion and di cu sion between men 
and women. and fra.nkly the boy-
friends of many of the members 
urely do not like the in inuation 

that their partners hate them. Get 
real, Bennan. 

5. "One may wOllner why an 
orgalli:atioll such as this is being 
considered as a recipielll for an 
$87,000 per year staff COIlII elor." 
It is so annoying that you antago-
nized a proposal for the women's 
center. dmfted by the ubcommittee 
on the Chancellor's Status of 
Women, without any knowledge 
about what it really is. The center 
proposal is not the WRC. The WRC 
is a separate tudent organization. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
The admini tration i finally re-
ponding to th 10 year truggle for 

a funded women 's center which 
wou ld serve the many needs of taff, 
faculty, and st udent. It need 
everyone's suppon, as it is in the 
be t interest of all men and women 
that we have a center for es ential 
services uch as rape coun eling .. . 
which brings me to my last and most 
eriou problem with your gro s 

caricature of the WRC. 
In your article you tate what a 

rape victim want , as if you had any 
conception about whatarape victim 
goes through. Howdareyou! Idon 't 
think you realize how de rructive 
your article could be to as auIted 
women on this campu and so help 
me if it prevents a woman in need 
from coming to the WRC for help. 
your "fun" .:an never be forgiven. 

When ( heard you were writing 
an article against the WRC r went to 
talk to you. I asked you if you had 
seen the women' 5 center proposal 
and that you hould be ure that you 
were willing to be accountable for 
everything you wrote. You ran, lit· 
erally, intotheGuardianofticeyeU-
ing, "Don't poil my fun. I don't 
want to know the facts. You are 
trying to censor me." 

r hate to spoil your fun, Zach, but 
a a rape victim myself, your article 
left me feeling violated yet another 
time. You have no idea what it is 
like to have nowhere to go. [was 14 
at the time, I never told a soul until 

Monda)', May 13, 1991 

1 was 18. r vowed that I would do 
whatever Icould to ensure that other 
women would never have to go 
through themental hell of rape alone. 
It was one of the main reasons r got 
in vol ved with the WR C. Your"fun" 
may keep women away from one of 
the few resource available to them. 

This and other issue you write 
a bout are not just fun and games, the 
th ing you say do have an impact on 
real people. I f you are so intent upon 
making a name for yourself, why 
don't you try doing omething posi-
tive and constru tive for once in-
tead of sitting in your white tower 

of omnipotence and passing judge-
ment on everyone else around you. 

Molly McKay 

Let Us Know 
What You Think! 

The Guardian welcomes your lellers 
and commentaries. Drop your lener at 
the Guardian offices (on the second 
noor of the old Student Center. above 
the General Store) or mail it to: 

Letters to the Editor 
Guardian 

9450 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JoUa,CA 

Leners mllst be typed. doubte-spaced. 
and should include a signature and 
phone number. Unsigned tetters will 
not be primed. Wc reserve the right to 
edi t for Icngth and clarity. 

BECOME A GUARDIAN EDITOR! 
It won1 get you fame or fortune, but n you want some great experience in an extracurricular activity while you 

plow through your four, five, or six·year stint at UCSD, apply for an editorial position on the Guardian's t 991 -92 
staH. All positions are open, and anybody is e~gible to apply. UttIe or no experience? Apply anyway! 

Guardian staff openings for 1991·92: 
MANAGING EDITOR 
NEWS EDITOR 

ARTSIENTERTAINMENT EDITOR 

ASS()(;IATE NEWS EDITOR (2) 
OPINION EDITOR 

ASSOC. ARTS/ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR (2) 
PHOTO EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE PHOTO EDITOR 

ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR 
FEATURES EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR 
SPORTS EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR (2) 

copy EDITOR 
ASSOCIATE COpy EDITOR 
GRAPHICS EDITOR 
DESIGN EDITOR 
TRAINING DIRECTOR (2) 

App~cations are due by 5 p.m. on Saturday, May 18, at the Guardian office on the second floor of the Student 
Center, above the General Store Co-op. Applications must include a oover letter and a resume. Clips should be 
included if you have them, but are not required. Plooe the application in the editor in chief/managing edttor's box, 
or mail it to Editor in Chief, do The UCSD Guarcian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093'()31 6. Do not 
address anything to Phil Gruen, especiaJlyyour oover letter. 

HELP 
FILL 
THIS 

SPACE! 
Advertise 

in 
the 

Guardian. 
534-3466 

ATTENTION GRADUATE SWDENTS 
GRADUATE STUDIES 

COMMENCEMENT 
Date: 
Place: 
Time: 

Reception: 

wiU be held on 
SundaY,June 16, 1991 
University Price Center Ballroom 
12 Noon 
Ph.D., M.F.A. and Masters degrees conferred 

niversity Price Center Plaza 

rudents who have completed all requirements by Friwy,June 7 and are ehgible to participate 
hould contact OGSR at x43436. Contact the Bookstore for cap and gown rentals at x44568. 

FEATURES 
9 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian 

The 
--of-- ~~L;ltO 
Ethnocentrism 
• Chicanos, Latinos feel that eN ~ 
the university shelters 
students from diversity 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

T eresa Ledesma could not believe her ears. She could not believe that a campus co-worker would tell her in very plain terms that the only rea on he was attending 
UCSD was because of the pecial admission 
standards. When she asked him to explain what he 
meant, she said he proceeded to pit out a derogatory 
string of stereotypes about her Chicano heritage. 

Ledesma, a ophomore, was so bothered by the 
incident that she decided to approach her manager to try 
to re olve the situation. Yet when she did, he aid her 
manager simply told her that she shouldn ' t be carrying 
her Mexicani m on her sleeve. Ledesma then felt 
compelled to quit her job. 

"] think it 's really bad here," he said. " l' ve 
had things like thi s happen to me so many 
times that I can't believe it's just coinci-
dence." 

Ledesma's problems are not unique; they 
are typical of the plight that Chicano 
students face while trying to get an educa-
tion at UCSD. According to sophomore 
Mike Garcia, Chicano students hear insult-
ing comments all the time. 

"People aren't familiar being around 
• Chicano and Latinos, 0 they'll say things that 

[are) stereotypical or derogatory - often without 
even realizing it. When you're aware of your 
ethnicity, those stereotypes will make you 
uncomfonable," he said. 

The racist rhetoric and the derogatory 
stereotypes that Chicano students often 
encounter are largely a by-product of ethno-
centrism, the notion that one's own culture is 
superior to all others, according to Literature 
professor George Mariscal. 

"Ethnocentrism has created a blindness to other cultures," 
See DIVERSITY, Page 10 

Monday, May 13, 1991 

Marc Uplerg rovelGuardian 

Habitat for Humanity Builds Homes for the Homeless 

Jeff auenlGuardian 

By Grace Lee 
Staff Writer 

For some UCSD students, Sat-
urday moming begins at 7 a.m. 
While others are sleeping, mem-
bersof Habitat for Humanity make 
a trip to Tijuana's needy areas, 
where they build and maintain 
homes for the homeless. 

A desire to help other , an ap-
preciation of one's own lifestyle, 
and a belief in the necessity to 
provide all human being~ with a 
place to live are some of the char-
acteristics shared by participants 
in thi s tudent organization. 

"Habitat for Humanity is people 
coming together and refu ing to be 
apathetic becau e the problem 
seem too hard. It's building - not 
houses, but homes for people," 
Katrina Domig, president of the 
UCS D chapter said. 

A branch of an international or-
ganization, Habitat for Humanity 
was formed on campus last year in 
an attempt to hel p build and recon-
struct homes for familie in the 
Tijuana area. 

Travelling down to the commu-
nity of El Florido approximately 
once a month, the organization par-
ticipates in various projects rang-
ing from digging for foundations 
arou nd homes, to repainting, re-
building, in ulat ing, and doing 
whatever el e needs to be done to 
build the homes, accordi n g to com-
mittee member Shannon 
MacDonald. 

Students from UCSD usually 
collaborate with members of dif-
ferent campus chapters, and the 
San Diego Habitat for Humanity, 
to work on the 107 houses built by 
the Jimmy Caner Work Project in 

five days last June. 
Reactions to the workday vary 

from student to student, but all 
agree that the hard work ultimately 
pays off in more than one way. 

"Everything was really diny, 
there were no road , and poverty 
was everywhere. I had never seen 
it that close before," participant 
Chelsea Henken said. 

Confronted with the marked 
contrast in the lifestyle between 
MexicoandtheUnitedState ,mo t 
students agree that it makes them 
appreciate their own life tyles 
much more. 

"It really made me realize how 
~poiled I was as an American," 
Henken said. 

One of the mOllo of the inter-
national organization of Habitat for 
Humanity is, "All God' children 

See HABITAT, Page 10 



10 FEATURES T h e UCSD Guardian M o nday, M ay 13, 1991 

HABITAT: Students cross cultural barriers to lend a helping hand 
Continued from page 9 "Thi type of benevolence, "What really hits me every time years old and he could do any kill ··She was carrying three bricks 
deserve a simple and decent place whether in Tijuana or locally or I go down there is how you really better than [ could. The kids just when I could only carry one. It 
to live," according to UCSO com- anywhere, i not just an opportu- can communicate. The families at really want to help," MacDonald made me realize the way that they 
minee member Johnalhan Fore. nitythat wehaveburare pon ibil- first don ·t open up to you very said. live force themtobeslrongphysi-
The UCSD chapter doe not nee- Ity ... and 1\ shouldn ' t bean option. quickly but when they see that Children help reinforce the dif- call y and emotionally. It really 
essarily follow that religious theme, ot that it need to be enforced, you're there to help, you develop a brought home how differently she 
but it doe adopt the idea of help- but a person need to enforce it on kind of repenoire ... By the end of " was brought up ... in order to sur-
ing people help them elves. themselves:' he added. the day you're just side by side vive," Henken said. 

Before crossing the border, all "The point i to help them get working," Domig said. This type of Reflecting on his many trips 
the tudents pre· on theirfeet. .. 1t 's Even for students who do not down to Mexico, Fore explained 
pared to work for notbeingarrogant speak Spani h, the difficulty in benevolence, how this idealism is giving way to 
that day meet with and aying 'Okay, communicating appears minimal. whether in Tijuana practicality. 
a foreman from the we'lI throw a "A lot of American wouldn't or locally or any- HI didn·t like it down there [be· 

anOicgochaptcr. couple quarter help o ut somebody who spokeju t fore). but Ilhought I needed to do 
h[Theforemanl down at you and a little bit of English . .. But they where, is not just this becauseI'm helping to change 

ga thers us in a we·1l ee what [Mexicans] would love to help you. an opportunity we the world. And now it"s more like 
ci rcle alld ~ay . , you can do with They don 't have any kind of arro- 1'01 helping them chang a small 
. W e·re gOi ng that;· participant gance at all. They're very accep- have but a respon- part of their life,"' Fore aid. 
down to the e J con Quirin aid. tance from what r' ve een." Quirin sibility .... Future plan for (he organiza-
peopleand they·re Emphasizing said. tion include increa ing member-
in a po ition to receive help, nOt of that Habitat for Humanity is not A workday in Tijuana provides " ship, fundraisingat various events, 
any fault of their own. They were si mply a charity organization , an opportunity to interact with the JONATHAN FORE (such as the Sun God Festiva), and 
born there, anyoneel e could have Oomig sa id, .. It 's not li ke we're Mexican children who are eager to Habitat for Humanity Member maki ng a presentation to UCSO' 
just as easily been born there. .. changing a way of life, but just help. faculty in an attempt to involve 
We. as Amcricans, are in a posi- providing what people need and "For ome rea on ... maybe be- ference in lifestyles between the them in the projects, according to 
tion to give, al 0 not of any fault of what people ask for." cau e I kept smiling at him . .. thi two cultures, and are also encour- Domig. 
o ur own. We don ·t have to feel Many s tudent feel that lhe d if- little boy really took to me. Every aging, according to Henken, peak- "When enough people give a 
gui lty for having the money, but ferences in language and lifestyle time I s tarted doing something he'd ing of a ix-year-old girl trying to small part of their time, then it ends 
then it i our re ponsibi lit y to do are mall barrier~. and that the cul- take the hammer away and try to help with the construction during up a great accomplishment," Quirin 
omething with it," Fo re said. tural barrier is not immutable. do it for me. He was only eight the work day. aid . 

SPRING 

ON THE 
GREEN 

an all-campus 
croquet tournament 
for students, 
facu Ity and staff 
Revelle Field, May 18th, llanr4 pm 
2-person team sign.ups at all Dean's offices or MOM 
Afternoon tea provided 

DIVERSITY 
Continued from page 9 
Mariscal said, "and an inability 
to understand issues from 
different cultural positions." 

According to Mariscal , the eth-
nocentrist attitude that most uni-
versity students have is largely a 
result of the conservative 1980s. 

"The years we've spent under 
Ronald Reagan and George Bu h 
ha ve made it easier to be ethnocen-
tric ' ea ier to be insensitive. 
Today's students grew up with 
Ronald Reagan and have devel-
oped more of an interest in the 
development of their own careers 
than in the plight of the disem-
powered. 0 one group is gUilty of 
thi . It seems to be a generational 
problem,·' he said. 

It is a problem that seems to 
afflict the entire student body, and 
it is displayed in the apathetic ani-
rudeofa majority of the university's 
tudent population, according to 

Mariscal. 
Although UCS D is located near 

the Mexican border, UCSD's stu-
dents and administrators are shel-
tered from many of the struggles 
taking place on around them. The 
university does offer a few pro-
grams that allow members of its 
community to interact with the 
communities of San Diego and 
Tijuana. but they are not widely 
known, and few take advantage of 
them. 

This lack of interaction with 
communities outside of campus 
has led many students and faculty 
members to withdraw from the re-
ality that surrounds them. 

"This university is very ivory 
towerish," said Rosaura Sanchez, 
a professorofliterature. "We are in 
La Jolla, and we are rather re-
moved from downtown and the 
border, but there is more to it than 
that. It has more to do with the 
orientation of the university and 
the student body. 

"The big projects on this cam-
pus are related to science and Pa-
cific Rim studies. 1be money on 
this campus goes to science - it 
does not go to areas concerned 
with social issues or the arts. 1be 
student body is largely career-ori-
ented and is not very aware of 
anything going on [outside of cam-
pus]. So the emphasis [to look out-

ward] realIy isn ' t there," she said. 
Former A.S. President John 

Ramirez agreed that students don't 
take fulI advantage of the opportu-
nities that the CamPU ' location 
offers. 

"By nature, it·s inherently a 
positive element," he said. "Stu-
dents have acce s to the border to 
go acro s and see another country ' s 
culture, and there are also organi-
zations on campus that try to bring 
that c ul ture here. But for the most 
part, we don' t take advantage of it. 

"Students will go to Tijuana, 
but for the most part it's just to 
have a good tim e. h 's not to visit 
the cultural center or to interact 
with the people. A vast majority of 
students here will graduate with-
out having taken advantage of the 
vast opportunities to learn about 
Mexican culture and the beautiful 
aspects of it," he said. 

Because those who visit T ijuana 
at night wi ll be exposed to only one 
aspect of Mexican culture, people 
must be careful of the way they 
frame s tereotypes, according to 
Mariscal. 

"Negative stereotypes tend to 
pigeonhole ethnic groups, and 
when they do it in an insensitive 
way, they tend to be offensive," he 
said. " I think because we are situ-
ated on the border, it may be more 
incumbent on people at the univer-
sity to be more sensitive when they 
make statements regarding Latino 
issues. 

"One has to remember [that] 
the whole Southwest was Mexican 
land before 1848, and in many 
ways Mellican culture is still 
present in the area. The fact that 
UCSD is located in La lolla and 
not '1be Jewel' is already indica-
tive of the heritage of the region. 
That's where this need for in-
creased sensitivity is important, 
because a certain kind of insensi-
tivity can easily lead to a more 
general prejudice against certain 
groups," he said. 

Mariscal emphasized that he is 
not advocating a single line of po-
litical correctness. 

"I'm not saying thatthere's only 
one way to tal1c about Latino is-
sues, but I think there are certain 
stereotypes and certain terms that 
can be particularly charged because 
of whe re we are," he said. 

See DIVERSITY, Page11 

Monday, May 13,1991 

DIVERSITY 
Conllnued from .,.. 10 

According to fOnDer MEChA 
Chair Victor Nieblas, the entire 
campus climate is not geared to the 
needs of Chicanos and Latinos. He 
feels that the climate is reflected in 
the administration's attitudes to-
ward affirmative action programs. 

"Little by little, they find ways 
to destroy the programs," he said. 
"Now they are questioning [the 
validity] of the Student Affirma-
tive Action Committee (SAAC) 
interns. 1bey are in the process of 
deciding whether or not to con-
tinue funding those positions, and 
at one meeting, a reg fee [registra-
tion fee committee] member said 
that all [the interns] do is sit on 
committees and screw them up. 

"What is that? Is that racism or 
is it underrepresented students be-
ing oversensitive? It ' s hard to ad-
dress these issues without being 
taken in the wrong fashion . They 
say we'recrying racism when that's 
not the issue; we just want people 
to be aware of what they're saying 
and doing," Nieblas said. 

"The problem with ethnocen-
trism," Mariscal said, " is that it is 
narcissistic. You think your point 
of view is the only one so it is kind 
of egotistical." 

This is especially true in an en-
vironment in which diversity takes 
a back seat. 

"I've often heard that people 
are tired of hearing about diver-
sity," [said SAAC Director An-
thony Jemison] "and havingto learn 
about it," but unfortunately we have 
to continue to deal with it because 
our campus will continue to grow 
more and more diverse. " 

Third College Sophomore Sena-
tor Lisa Hernandez believes that 
the thrust of the problem sterns 
from a lack of awareness and un-
derstanding about the problems that 
other cultures must face. 

"It's wrong to say students are 
ignorant," she said. "It's that 
they're just so unaware of our situ-
ation. We have to understand each 
other to really cooperate and get 
along." 

"It doesn't take much to over-
corneourproblerns," Mariscal said, 
"especially because we' re all here 
at the univelSity where we have 
corne to learn about other cultures. " 

Pan of that understanding could 
corne from the ethnic studies re-
quirements that are slowly being 
adopted by colleges across cam-
pus. Alex Bleza, a house advisor at 
Muir College, believes this will 
help to promote a greater under-

standing of diversity. 
"In general, the transition from 

high school to college is a normal, 
challenging process, and students 
will explore those areas that are 
validated by the process. Once the 
college establishes a validation for 
diversity in its general education 
requirements, there will be a man-
date for exploring those issues that 
will be followed," he said. 

Nieblas is not confident that it 
will be that easy. 

"I really think the ethnic studies 
requirements will be a great asset 
if students accept them. 1bere is 
still the problem of whether stu-
dents are being forced to learn, or 
if they want todoit. Students won' t 
learn if it is forced on them. 

"It's hard because most of the 
people who come to UCSD al-
ready have their values and it's 
very bard for them to change, espe-
cially if they come from an envi-
ronment that doesn', expose them 
to diversity," he said. 

For students such as Nieblas, 

The UCSD Guardian 

the struggle to promote an aware· 
ness of diversity and the problems 
associated with it will continue to 
be a difficult onc. 

"Weare here at UCSD," he said. 
"We see the beaches and the 
BMWs. We don' t notice the gar-
deners standing by the bus stop in 
front of Revelle. We' re so isolated 
that we tend to think everything's 
fine. But it's not. We still have a 
long way to go." 

ERRATUM 
In the article "Out of the 

Attic," (5/9/91) it was 
incorrectly reponed that 
Alan Petlack's father was 
sent to a death camp in 
Auschwitz during World 
War D. In fact, Petlack's 
father escaped to Russia 
when World War n broke 
out, The Guardian regrets 
this error. 

FEATURES 11 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

· ~ . ~ &Steves,.-, 
------FREE------

Yogurt or Ice Cream 
Buy 0 ... Cone or Cup, at .. gular price, 

Get One For Free. 
Limit $3 - Topping not lra,ded. Uplres 5/23/91 
Not vatld with other discounts. One coupon per custom.r, per vish. 

Valid only at Cos,. V.rde Shopping C.ntar. 
TN THE UPPER LEVEL FOOD COlJHT 

8650 GENESEE AVENUE • 450-3044 
Student DiKount Cards NOWAvoilable! 

· ---
••••••••••••••• C()U~ •••••••••••••• 

~ound Table Pizza 
FREE DELIVERY 

PRICE CENTER BULLS-EYE TAVERN 

457·2060 
•••••••••••••••••••• 400 COUPON EXPIRES 6/30/91 

: Large Fabulous 5 : 
• A thin crust piua with pepperoni, mushrooms, • 
• olives, peppers and onions. $1199 • 
• Offer valid on Oine-ln. Carl)'Out Of De'ivefy. pJus tIU: • 

No. valocl ... \h any other ot1er Of discount. PRICE CE/</TEII/DULL·S HE TAVERN • 

• 457-2080 W~Round'ThblePiz:za ·4 L •••••••••••••••••• 
.-401 COlJ'ON EXPIRES6/3O/91 
• Purchase an $8.99 Medium Thin Crust • 
• Pepperoni and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
: or any ~r;;;;;M THIN CRUST $400 : 
• 

Offer valid on OIne-1n. c.~. Of OeINfu)'. plus tIU: • 
Not valid with onv other orter 01 Cliscoun. . PRICE CE/</TEII/DULL'S EYE TAVERN • 

• 457-2080 ~~ RoundTablePizza. 
•••••••••••••••••••• 
• <t02 COJPON EXPIRES 6/30/91 • 
• Purchase a $10.99 Large Thin Crust Pepperoni , . 
• and purchase the next one for ONLY • 
• oranysl"'~LAiGE THIN CRUST $600 : 
• Oller valid on OIne-ln. c.~. Of DeIIYe1)'. plus tIU: 
• Not valid with any other ot/or or discount. PRICE CE/</TEIl/DULL·S EYE TAVERN • 

• 457-2080 '(i~RoundTablePjua . • 
~ ..................• 

403 COUPON EXPIRES 6/ 30/91 • 

: $200 OFF • 
• • 
• LARGE THICK OR THIN CRUST : 
• ottor 11811d on OIn4oln. CIIfl)'Ou' Of Del""'ry. • 
• Not valid with any other offer or discount. P/uCE CE/</TEIl/DULL·S EYE TAVERN 

• 457-2080 ~[i~RoundTablePizz.a . • 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

~~ORD 
4-~ 

$1 O Hair Coloring a Perma From $40. 
Haircuts IffEREN! 

OaE 0 TsI OARET ~~ 
j:t A~~. CHULA VISTA: 

.w'I/1 ~ f1C'I' ~ 283 Third Ave. • Quiche ·Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says uCaffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 Days. Week • 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Comer of 13th & Stratford Court) 

•• ~ .. .",... 425-CUTS 

COLLEGE: 
6686 EI Cajon Blvd 
463-5052 
PACIFIC lEACH: 
1447 Garnet Ave. 
273-CUTS 

OCEAN lEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave. 
222-3777 
HILLCREST: 
4()9 University Ave. 
291·CUTS 



12 ARTS &: ENTERTAINMENT 

Sharing 
The 
Spotlight 

T h e UCSD Guardian 

+Undergrads go 
UNDERGRAUNDI With 
A New Theatre Club Talijancic, directoro; "The Bald Soprano· 
By Karla D. Stange 
Staff Writer 

Have you ever read a play and 
been bored illy? If 0 , you have 
discovered one of the fundamen-
tal prinCIples of theater: a play i. 
meant 10 be seen on ~tagc, n ol 
analyzed in a cIa room. 

U DERGR AU D! Theatre 
IS a new club on campu\ that 
take~ plays out of a pa.·sive, aca 
demll' contcxl and pUIS Ihem inln 
aClh e,lOnClVauvc Ilerfonnan("cs. 

Ivan TaIiIJnCIC, a tiN-year 
thcalf' 1II:tjor from italy, ';aid , 
"TIl<! itka lor th·' c1uh W:IS Ollm 
~)\I1 "ffru l1ali,'n With Ih"ll("Sf) 
Th 'atre (),'panment ." IlL- ug-
ge tcd. "The graduales arc put-
lighted wl1ik the 1I0lkrgraduatl" 
arc pu,hl:d inl~) the '1,\1.: I Illes:' 

"111C program IS to be c tn-
mended f r Iht.' Irainin o ,\11 I 01'-
portunitie~ it pr()\'itle, for gradu-
.. re hut the undergraduate~ Ju~t 
don't have a chance 10 get in-
volved:' Talijancic said. 

La t quarter, Talijancic ug-
gested a cabaret production to 
the Theatre Department, but the 
response was fa r from enthusias-
tic. He told himself. "Okay, if I 
really want to do omething, then 
I'U have to do it on my own." 

He came up with the name 
UNDERGRAUND! to show that 
the club i entirely run by under-
graduate students who want to 
e tabli sh their own creative tal-
ents, apart from the graduate 
and fr m mainstream theater, The 
club members don't want to an-
tagoni7e the department , they 
want to diver~ify and trengthen 
it. 

"Our intention is not to break 
away from the universilY. Who-
ever wants to coll aborate with us 

is welcome. But it is also impor-
tant for us to maintain our inde-
pendence, so that no one can im-
po e thing on us," he explained. 

UNDERGRAUND! i open to 
tudent of all majors. including. 

people who are Interested in per-
form ing, di recti ng. designmg. do-
IIlg technical work, Writ ing plays. 
organ1l1ng. and adven l IIlg. 

Thc:c1ub IS non-profi I, and there 
is no mcmbe~hip fe'e. To de'fray 

" The idea for the 
club was born out of 
frustration with the 
UCSD Theatre De-

partment. The 
graduates are spot-

lighted while the 
undergraduates are 

pushed into the 
sidelines. 

" IVAN TALIJANCIC Theatre student 

production co ts, the group plans 
on doing some fundrni ing, but 
the group welcomes any financial 
upport. Talijancic aid the group 

is a large commitment because 
the members aren't paid. "The only 
thing you get out of it i the sati -
faction of doing a production, and 
the experience of being in a play ... 
but thaCs a lot ." 

This group of creative, enthu-
~ iasl1c people originally intended 
to work only on a single produc-
ti on. Such energy was bound to 
et off fi reworks, and suddenly, 

the new club had ambitious 
plans. These include, sill more 
productions next year, a collec-
tion of multimedia and perfor-
mance art, and collaborative 
project with the undergraduate 
theater club at San Diego State 
and the Univer. ity of San Di-
ego, 

U DERGRAU D!'~ first 
p roject i Eugege lonesco ' ~ 
" an ti-p lay ," "The Bald So-
prano." This play IS ideal for a 

n~w, experimental group. be-
.:au~c it breaks all the rules of 
traditional theatt.r, "I think 
p 'ople w ill be sho 'ked. because 
th. whole play is about non-
sen.,c, horedom. and the break-
down of comm unication," 
Talijnncic :;aid. 

Ionesco make~ chaos out ot 
order Within an Engli II dtner 
pany ~cenerio The results are 
often hi larious, bur the play IS 
also deeply critical of modem 
life. "When [was thinking about 
doing the production,"Talijancic 
said. 

"J wa really bummed out 
about the apathy of the students 
toward the war. I picked 'The 
Bald Soprano,' because Ionesco 
criticizes apathy, boredom, and 
indifference in thi play." 

Apathy and boredom are cer-
tain�y not characteristics of the 
UNDERGRAUND! Theatre 
Club. With a boo t of this kind 
of creative energy. theduU, writ-
ten text of a play can magically 
pring into life on the stage. 

What: "The Bald Soprano." 
Where: Solis Hall, 107. 
When: Monday, May 13, 

Tuesday May 14, at 8 
and 10p.m. 

Admission: Free. 

New 
Music 
Festival 
Robin Hitchcock, 
one of the featured 
performers at 
Saturday 
afternoon's free 
show, smirked for 
t he camera while 
playing to an 
ent husiastic 
crowd 

TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
Monday, May 13,1991 

"Three Sisters" and a Mas~er Thespian 
By Michael Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

Actors are seen in a very ellis-
tential form on television and the 
creen. They are called "larger than 

life" and" tars" because they be-
come images and do not eem rea I. 
Anton Chekhov's "Three Sisters" 
currently playing at the La Jolla 
Playhou e, provides an opportu-
nity to ee some actors best known 
for other media return to the stage. 

During rehearsal last week, the 
Guardian poke with the actor 
potraying one couple in the play. 
Playing Masha is ancy Travis, 
mo t widely known for her role as 
theBriti h mom in the "Three Men 
and a Something" movies. She is 
no stranger to the stage, returning 
to the Playhou e after her role in 
last ~eason 's "M Children , My 
Africa." 

Kulygin. herhu band, i played 
former" aturday ight Live" co-
median Jon Lov itz in his profe -
s ional slage debut. 

Digressi ng over sandwh iches 
with periodic outburs~ of obedi-
enc tmilllng from Travis at her 
young dog, Ma . we dl~cu~sed a 
wid\: vanety of tOpiCS - very ft:\\c 

\~ ithout some ,3rcasm from Lovltz. 
While one might expect Lovlt7. to 
be a wild and craz) comedian, it 
!>hould be nott:d that hj~ humor 
most often mamlested Ilself in de;. 
wi!. What follo\\ s b nO! a cnrono-

logical account, but a feeble at-
tempt to add a tructure to our talk: 

within Ihem. It's great for me be-
cau~eI finally geno play omeone 
mult i-dllnen ional in tead of 'the 
girl' or 'the wife' who i there a a 
product of the plot." 

ON "THREE SISTERS" 
Travis: "There's no way I could 

notdo this play. It 's one of the best 
plays ever written, [Director) Des 
[MacAnuff) has put together a re-
ally good cast and we're having a 

Lo\ itl: "When I first read the 
play. I Ihought, 'Oh, it's really 
slo\\ d depre sing and boring.' 

good time . 
We 've re -
hearsed for five 
week, but we 
could have re-
hearsed another 
three months. 
It's the kind of 
play you can 
imagine per-
forming for 
years and years 
and never get-
ting bored ince 
it's so layered 
with differen t 
i n fo rm at ion 
and ane dotes 
about life. It's 
very universal. 

"People 
tend to have a 
prejudice about 
it, prohably b,,-

Jon Lovitz: 
II Nancy has her 

own agenda, She can 
be very difficult. 

Say that she's 
worked all day. and 
then she's ta Ing a 
nap backstage, and 
1'/1 want to wahe her 
up and stick stuf in 
her ear, She gets all 

pissy about It 
Nancy Trav's: 

"[Jon]'s an c r'loy-
ing man. 

But, it's not at 
all. Well, it's a 
little depressing, 
but it's very 
funny, too. and 
the play moves 
really fast. It's 
got everything. 
II' like a soap 
opera. There' s 
all these differ-
ent cenes going 
on in different 
place , and you 
feel like you're 
eave dropping 
in omeone's 
house, People 
are having af-
fairs and lying 
and saytng 
they 're happy 
when the) 're 

cau~e it's ~enperformed.o badly. 
The pIa) run the gamut of human 
experience and you JUSt have to go 
along with it. Chekhov was greatat 
showing that people aren't bad or 
good, everyone ha~ those elements 

nOt. but they 
al 0 , Iboutthemeaningoflife" 

1 , \IS: "Babies arc born, and 
peo 'kre dying." 

( "'HE COMPA, ') 
Itl :"Everybod\ 'smentall1 

slub - which is rare." 

Former ''Not-Yet-Ready-For-Prime-Time Player, "Jon Lovitz is currently starring inAnton Chekhov's 
play, ''Three Sisters,· which will be running at the Mandell Weiss Theatre 

Travis: "It 's true!" 
Lovitz: "It is. Everyone' really 

nice and professional. If anyone's 
the least professional, it 's probably 
me. I'm always goofing off. We're 
lucky because the director is very 
passionate about the play." 

Travis: "And smart about it." 
Lovitz: " It makes you think . [f 

he cares that much. you care. And 
hedoesn 't yell or any thing-which 
is also rare. Theater attracts a lot of 
people that are, you know, men-
tally ill." 

ON THEIR ROLES 
Lovitz: " Kulygin 's not the lead 

or anything - it' like the eighth 
guy down. But, 1 figured if I'd just 
slowly work my way back into the 
thater-" 

Travis: "I just said it was an 
en emble piece!" 

Lovitz: "Well, it is an ensemble, 
but it' s called 'Three Sister,s' not 
'Three Sisters and Kulygin. ' I'm 
really the violin in the string sec-
tion of the en emble of the orches-
tra." 

o EACHOTHER 
Loyitz: "rln the play]. we've 

been married for seven years, since 
she wa~ 18. ow she'~ older, ~o 
I'm not as illustrious and ~mart as 
she thought I ~ as The reverse is 
true in reality. 

"We started to know each other 
and she thought I wa just this 
comedian, and now she thinks I'm 
like this genius." 

T ravis: "1 thought he was Just a 
comedIan, but he's actually a hu-
man being - intell igent - and 
Master Thespian! " 

Lovitz: "I try to teach the oth-
ers, but they won' t Ii ten. So, I just 
say. ' Fine. You ' re on your own.' 
Kidding I Joke! I'm a comedian. 
Hello! 

"Really, the actors are top-rate. 
ActualJy, when Nancy started do-
ing it, she kept coming to me say-
ing, 'What should I do?' I told her 
to listen to the director, but she still 
needed more help, So I said, 'Let' s 
work on thi s and this.' I'm lying, of 
course." 

Travis: "He's a chronic liar. 
Jon's been coming to me for a lotof 
help." 

Lovitz: "Nancy has her own 
agenda. She can be very difficult. 
Say that she' worked all day, 
and then she's taking a nap 
backstage, and I'll want to wake 
her up and stick SlUff in her ear. 
She gets all pissy about it. " 

Travis: "He's an annoying 
maD." 

ON CALIFORNIA AND NEW 
YORK 

Travis: "I came to L.A. and I 
thought that work for me on stage 
would kind of die, and I've done 
tWO great plays that I don ' t know if 
I would have had the oppol1un ity to 
do in New York. I think theater's 
really struggling in New York. The 
ingenuity and creativity and daring 
that New York once had is starting 
to move out here." 

Lovitz: "I love to dri ve. I miss a 
lot about l'<ew York. I don't miss 
tbe cold. I'll probably get a place 
there becau e I have friend. there. 
I grew up 111 Los Angele . The 
Ironic thl11g b that everyone think 
I'm from New York, but 1'm not." 

The UCSD Guardian ARTS &: ENTERTAINMENT 13 

Nancy Travis, veteran of the "Three Men and a Something" flicks returns to her original /ave - the theater. 
ON THEATER , CINEMA, next, so if you have anything, let me him, and she's crying on his lap. 

AND TELEVISION know." "Richard III whip~ off the blanket, ahd 
Travis: "Theater is more obvi- Guardia1l: "They must be doing an- it was apparent toa llthat thedead king was 

ous. I know what the finished prod- other "Three Men and a Something. '" aroused. It was very funny. And we said. 
uct is going to be becau e I'm Travis: "No, hopefully not." 'The dead king has a boner.' We used to do 
directly involved with it. Film is a Lovitz: "If you ' re a girl and can play fi fteen plays aqual1er. I don ' I lhink they do 
little more elusive. You do your baseball, there' s thi s movie 'League of fifteen plays a quarter anymore from bud-
work, and then it's pretty much in Their Own.'" get cutbacks. I'm talking th irty years ago. 
the hands of the editor and direc- Travis: "I can't play baseball." I'm going 10 be 67." 
tor." Lovitz: ''I'm willing to play catch Travi : "This was before acting was 

Lovitz: '''Saturday Night Live' with herl" invented, really." 
is live television, so it' s like a Guardia1l: "Do you think you'l! be Lovitz: "Well , befo reI invented what's 
combination of theater and televi- recognized forever as being from ' Satur- now known a~ actin g. I remember, actu-
sion. That was pretty much the day ight Live'?" ally, that'. where I fi rst met Nancy. [ was 
most exciting thing I' ve ever done. Lovitz: " Yeah, probably , but I don ' t teaching a master acting class. 
Theater's different because you 're care. I had a great time, They wouldn ' t " Ifound outsheactuall y got me the part 
juS! playing one pan and doing 49 have offered me the part in the play if I in this play, so she could be In it and watch 
shows, so you can get better each wasn' t on ' SNL.· [ would have had to me and learn," 
night. audition like everyone else, and who Travis: " Oh, god. He really wanted the 

"The better you know it, the knows if! would have gotten it. I'll have part of Masha, bu t I already had il." 
more free you are to try new things. a career from that show. The only way to Lovitz: " Yeah. They said that it was a 
It' s fun to know the job and go in show that you can do more than that is 10 woman 's part. And I said 'I'm an actor.' 
for three hours and just do it. It's do it. But they insisted on going with three 
funforme tobeinsomething where "After college, I did straight acting. wo men." 
everybody is the age they're sup- It' s not like it's all new to me. I guess it 's Travis: " It 's a shame it's not the . Three 
posed to be. Even on ' Saturday new to everyone else. As Nancy Travis Bro thers' like everything else!" 
Night Live; you have everyone said to me on the fi rst day of rehearsal, Lovitz: " Well , here there are three 
about the same age playing differ- 'Jon, ifvou don't take risks, you ' ll never women in the lead. Let's see \\chat Ihey can 
ent ages. get anywhe re. ". do with it." 

''I'm getting my Equity card Travis: "I said that?" Undoubtedly. the women will clo ex-
with this show. It's like my firsl Lovitz:"Yeah And then she like starts ceptionall) weP . l oth r reco \! llIzah le 
professional play. I'm not alway~ hitting me up for money. and Isaid, 'How namelllthe cast Phoeb.: at'~ ~. who play 
going to do theatre, but f'd like to will r know If you'll pay me back?' And the ~ister, Irina. Be~t I-nown for "Grl!m 
do both TV and movies." she said, 'If you don't take nsks ... ' Com lim" and "past T; l11 e~ at Ridgemont High; 

T ravis: "You have to make a edy! Kidding!" Catc appeared II 1985 '. stflginb of 
liVing." ON COLLEGE THEATER Chekhov ' "Sea Gull" at the Playhousr. 

Lovitz : "Next, I'm doing Lovitz:"Theonlythinglrememberis 
'League of Their Own,' which is we were doing 'Richard III' and I was 
Penny Marshall's nellt movie slar- playing a guard or something. There's a 
ring Debra Winger and liN Nancy . cene where Queen Anne's husband is 
Travb." dc.ld and on a stretcher and she's crytng 

T ravis: "He·sMasterThcsplan. over the body. The actor only had hi 
I have nothing planned directly underwear n. They had a blanket over 

Where: Mandell Weiss Theatre 
When; Tue. - Sun. , .from M" '18-

June 16,8 p.m. 
Tickets: $21-29, half price student 

rush tickets available one hour 
before curtain . For mto., call 
534-3960. 



Monday, May 13, 1991 

• 
ACA[)fr.ll~ 'iFR'!ICES 

• ....... TIuIdIJ- UIO .... :30p". FtiIIp - .:00_ 3:00pm. Ewf9ll1IID ....... - The L-. "'-
PI9"idoI ....... ----......... .... fI9II\..s·_dDirt_ ln ...... -. 

~. Ft1nch.0nwI. V_.IfIII ........ A 
............ -fI9WI •• - ....... . 
_on ...... CoI_Ior ___ OId 
_ Conor.1Idg. A.. _1214. F_. 

......,.f1llllJ 

'._"' .. (&otq ~IIIDMillbltI­
Tho OASIS", c..1I. 1ItI ...... lor II UCSO 
_ WI .... ON. ono..,q """"-lor.., 

I)Pt "''''*'II ....... --""'*' ......... __ ._ ..... __ ~ ... 01_ 

"""0' 1- ..... --.IIIIioIr"-IiocipInII. ... ~"",_ ._. __ . Col 
~2a4I1_ .. ~ .. ~br ... oIIaln 
....... SLClltlc.w. ~A. _ 214. F .... 

•• _"''' -Lal CWIIS sa.dy ~ c.w 
~"",1IiI~"'_"""""~ 
..-.. prll*W". - .. 4I<inO ..... SIopI>r use 
.a10., ell ~7344I1"'o.c>'''''''''~AIoo 
-lIlY on .... "....10< __ ....... OASIS ady .... 

~ .. The I 
Weekly 

Calendar 
1Iondoy, Illy 13, 1991 

llj)O ..... ,,:30 .. - Exam Prop Elsa, Exams use 
.a10 F, .. . 

I j)O ..... ,:fO p" - T._ MIIy>$. Ur'IItt1inng. 
Annotating. ~ usa<OIO. F, .. 

TUIOdIy. May 14; 1991 

2:OO ..... 2:fOpm- E.ram Prop. GInIr~ T .. I Anxiety. use 
'OIO. F, .. 

Wldnlsday, llay 15, 1991 

2j)O ..... 2:fO p" - GtaIluot. Pr_ Exam _ 
V_AnaIogoIs use,olo F, .. 
3j)O 11"'-3:50 pm - Pool Exam AnalysIs Exam C/,IqoI. 
use '0' 0, F, .. 
n.ndoy, May '6, '99' 

2j)O ..... 2:fO pm - Goo! S.tDJV1int ~ use 
<010 F, .. . 

]j)O 11"'-3:50 pm - T.,1bOOIt ~: Cnt.IcoI RIIdIng, 
_ SovIirv. use .a.0. FrH. 

SERVICES I'IORKSHOPS 

.j)O ..... :OO "'" - SIGI PlUS (5""", oIl-.cm 
~1RI_III. ___ progIIJ1\'" 

... '" irlOf11IIbOn 00CIgMd ID ~ "'" clalily your _ . 
_ond ~ intI<_ F.,,,,,,,, WormolJOJl. 
comt II Cor.., StrkIs Con"", S'O 

.j)O .... :OO "'" - WEHTOA: """,',. gJICUIII1g tIio 
quortor IRI~, .. , math "'" WI\h.~_ 

1n ."..lioIdol_whowilgot""'._~1n 
... 1ocII job _ EIpocoIIy I>eIpIIA 1ct1lM<1I11111!11f011 
IS .. _,ytto on-campus InItMlwing. Sign ~ WI\h ... 
..... Iobby ,oetpOon<sl (Alii s.n- Cort". F, ... 

1Iondoy, May .], '991 

10:00 _,2j)O "'" - GRIEF GROUP: SIwJrt 111m O'CIUP let 
_~WI\h""_".I<gnJIicanl_. 
L-.: A.dt -. 5JoI-0201! IJ1d Knn eog.,. 534· 
3TSS. Col lor sign-o.c>. GH '003. F, ... 

,:00 pno3:OO pm - AICOhOIIncI S-AIIust PHI 
Ca.rooIing: Dough ... P..,CounMior : ~J585.HSS 
2056. F, ... 

1:30)l1li-4:00 pm - DROP ... AOYlSING HOURS: F .. ~ 
1ndi'\I---,*,-~-...rv ... 
gooiI.~ Iorjoboor ortpIOIi1rj~_ .. 
~ _ __. Nooppoirlmlrl..--y. 
juIt _-in. Catw _ COnIof. Fr ... 

2:00 pm -ltmRVIEW SKillS WOA<SHOP: Do you I'oMd 
~In prtplMglorjoOlnI_1CorwS-CIrIII wIIpt1>'o'do,,,,,,,"" __ II_,.,... 
quoIi-.lncI_ krd oI ___ ~ 10 pPtC:I. 
Cor", _ C-, frIO. 

2:30 filii - _1ncI &arM1ct _ P .. , CoonsoIing: 
Ere FIIgUIOII, PtI! ~ 5JoI-07$7. Arg4 HoI. Am 
'lMIlt)6, F'N. 

Sj)O pmo5:OO pm -lliE ROIWffiC COPING SKUS 
GROUP: WiI-. _II ,,_IncI_ 'tItIIonohipo 
_ II .. "cam. bItIIWpL l_ a..tt1y HaI)u. Mwy 

~on. SV>up: ~2237. m lIMe. F,IO. 

4:00 ..... 5:00 ""' - MEJ(ICANA. CHICANA. LA"'" 
SUPOl'RT GROUP: Infannol _ mlllinl-"'Y" 
__ oc.~lncI_ uporioncoL L-. 
lJndooy CoIdtn1n: 534·3755 _ , GoIIIy e. _ c.w. 
Fr .. , 

1:00 ...... :00 ""' -AIcohd IncI S-_ PtI! 
CconIIIrG: -1IIMchIftj, p.., ~~. 
AcId. s.w. etdg. 2110. FrM. 
TUISdIy. Illy I' , ID!l1 
• :30 _,,:30 .. - AIcohd IncI SID....,. _ Pttr 

~: EreF-. PII<~: 534-(I~7. Arg4 
HoI, Am. '1W105. FrOI. 

,,:00 ... -IIAIt<ETASlE RfSlllE WOfI(SHOf': lJwn 
"""1O..........:c.-.oI_ ................ "'" 
_ ""~ ... .....,. c....~CtrI", F ... . 

,2:00 ... - MAlli PLACEIIEHT TISTWOIt<SIiOI': Tlit 
ON _ -"""'Pwil gioo,.., .. "'" • prtIIn "'" 
___ Till ... "" I"'"", ... "' ... 

__ .-111 ... _,.., .... ,.., ...... ,. ... ,... 
... __ **'T .......... "' .. _ ....... : 
T10gI HIlI" Till:" I •• 4j)O .... fmnIiIn .42- FrIO. 

,za """'''' -AICiEIIIWIAGBIENT GIIOIM': ~ 
--"""" ............ -
....--, ........... .,Iort.,...~...,. 
"-5:I4-34M. .... "'-" OIIIL Froe. 

1,. ......... - DIIOI'''' AIMSINO HOUIII: " ~ 
~---~~-... 
........... lorjaOl" ......... ..-.. .. 
..... _.....-.No.....-_, 
;.oa-.<t c.... a.-c... Froe. 
Z .......... -AIcohd ___ Pili 

~c.. .......... , PII<ecu.r;u.. 
-. 1MI CaIogo DIM .. a.... Fill, 

. , • .....,. ... - PIlOCllASlNTlON GAOUr: 
~"""_III_IO __ 

1tIcoMd ___ In~ 1fIII",_ 
~Htqt-'~ __ 'OIIco. 
Froo. 

..... - IM," 1'UICI.-r'IUT ~ n. 

... -.......... .,..""' ...... -.. _,.., 
___ Tlllon...,I .. W""' ...... .. 
__ .-In .... _""' .... ""' ...... ~Ior,... 
... ",., _ CUV'4I T .... 1ncI ... ",. .. _ WorIoot<l!>. 
Ir1cGI HII132O, Tort..., '8, 4j)O pm, ex_ ,42-
F_ 

W-.-,. 1IIy '5, ••• 

• :00 .". _ - AICOhOIIncI SuboIMCIAIIuM Pili 
CouN*lg: c.. Nopor1IUcono, PII< CouN*; 534· 
3035. 1MI CaIogo DIM .. Oft. FrOI. 

1O,..'Z .... -ASSERTlVEHESS 11lA1NING A 
-"""'P~-II~-­
_ l*II: ~ "'"'" 534~ AMI" Fonnli 
loulgt. FrOl. 

'2 ..... 11:511 ... - REO PEER WORKSHOP, F ... _ 
-"""'P p!Mllna _ • '""*'Y IRI Improyt _1ncI 
__ .. -..gIRl bOdy Imago l_. Suun 
F_ .12 IIMC. F, • . 

,:SO ..... :OO ... - DROP·IN ADVISING HOURS: F()( ~ frding ___ J*l_~ __ cor .... 
pII . ..aq lor )CIbo" t>pIomg pr%tIIcnI ()( 
..... _~No __ ~. 
;.oa _ .... Cot", _ Conoor. FJII. 

2 .... - OH-GAIoIERA: PRACncm INTERVIEWING 
Sl(US'S'*PIfI."..-'- -I>r '-'II and 

~ yoontII on wItoIIpt __ lor 0",", joO 
-.r. lnll'ts _"""'"""" " .. __ . 
INTERVIEWING SKUS WORKSHOP IJ1d ... ~ 10 ....,., 
.... EFFECTIVE INT<RVlEWtIG DEMO TAPE. Cor ... 
Som:IIConoor. F, .. 

3:00 ..... :30 filii - CHICANOoCHICANA. LA TJOLAllNA 
SUPPOATGAOUP._~. ~:Oon ~ 
~IS79, _LnIIIy~~3TSS, CoIIor 
~_ " ...... 0IficI. F' N . 

• :SO ...... "'" - LtIIlIM.-.I Booo,uII_ .. S<QlOI1 
~ Led by __ CIIIIIIncI~. Wo·ro. 
~,_dIq>4I_Iar_"'_in 

~""""'_andsodli_ln. 
cam~.~ _ Col DmI 0I5Jo1·31181. 
WOIlI .. ·• __ CtrI". F, ... 

n.ndor, ..., ,8. 19111 
_., I. _ -AIcohd and SIbowa AlluM PII< 
c....&Irci: __ , PII<~~ 
.-. ~ illig. 2 •• 0. FJII, 

":OO_':IIIpoo-_andSlbowa_P,,, 
c....&Irci: Doug SNtII p.., CounNIor: ~. HSS 
2C5I. FJII, 

,,:00 _ - EFFECnvE JOe SEARCH S11IATEGY: 80% 
oIlIIjoO ....... .........-. Tlli&WOIIcIhcI9w11 
_,.., '" __ WIlt 10 lind 1IIIm. CIrIOf 
_c.r.. FrM. 

,:SO ..... :111 "'" - DROf'.~ ADVISING HOURS: F()( ~ 
frding-J*l ...... ~-InIng .... 
gooII..wq lor jobo., ortpIOIi1rj ~ or 
..... ad1ooI-,"",.No~~. 

~ _-in. Cot .. _ Conoor. FrH. 

4:OO~:30 ... - SOCIAl. SKILLS WOfI(5HOP: A_ 
IocI.Vog '" -....,g _lor......,.. _ ptOIlII. 

~,--'tII:. L_Llnduy~ 
534-3TSS. GH 1003. F .... 

.:00 ..,..1a ... - Goy 1ncI_ MIn. S<.tppon Grco.c> lie! I>r __ Tony 0J1I CIwu. W ..... 
~-.-...poIJ_lor_who 
_ ........ .-.1_ cancomo. Como Iond '/W 
II.C)I)OI1I ~ -.. ()( CIII o.AcI 01534-*7 lor __ 
1nIo. 1IaurWIIn VIIw ~ Iby "' .... "","" 1lIrd 
CohotI.F, ... 

FtIcIIry, ..,.7. 1I111' 

.:00 ." ... - AICOhOI.-.I SuboIMCIAIIuM PII< 
c....&Irci: c.. Nopor1IUcono. PII<~: 534· 
3035. T1W1I CaIogo 0-.. Oft. FJ'II. 

,2:00 ... ,:SO ... - PAN ASIAN COllIl1HTY FOIUI: OIq>ln_dllignldlO_.....,.."_ 
__ .UCSD~I .. _,,....,.~1fIII 

1IqIOI1ioo~. LoodIII: ..... w.-_ JolIn 
W'" 534-3035. MounIIiI\ V"" loulgt. Fr .. , 

,2:,5 ... , :41"", -lliERAPV GROUP FOR GAY liEN: 
ConftdonNI~_Iet~IncI~ 
goylncl_. _.~:DowI_,~_7, 
Col Derid Ict ~. UL II1dg. ~. 3240. FrOI. 

,:30 ......... - OAOP-~AOVISING HOURS: F()( ~ 
_ ...... gaoII. joO hU1Irng. , ...... --.oc. No 

~.-y,juIt_-In. c.r.s.rw. 
Conor. FrOI, 

2:111 ..... :00 ... - ALCQiOl AHlJ SUBSTNICE ABUSE 
GROUP: foI_who ... '" ~ '00 1_. 
..-.1'S-""IncI __ IO ....... 
'" __ . L_ Dan 1Um1ncl1:qulo1lR. 
5M-3TSS. _ PrY. 0Ib. FrM . 

The UCSD Guardian 

"" •• 13.1., 

4.,.-_ --'GI Dono lflii'" ~ 
T_·"-by ........................ GI 
__ ~and~LillaN.l.C 

-.. • ....-..,'" '-MCIoaaIooI ..... 
_ ... O"'-Glu...,UCIO. 31M L.-.-
_I'M. 

. , .... ' '" 
. ...... . 

iJij;~tf'::\S}~(:':':'::'<':' ........ .. 
...... ", -, 

'0', ••••••• '" 

T.-y, ..., 14, I •• 

4j)O ",-Lart l>r F,_~, _ . Par1& 
VI( 1110 SoIf. Tho ~ Tho R«um 01 ... ....,.., __ • 
3.55lJ1oo&<. etdg. F .... 

w....-y,"" '5, ••• 
12"' ... -_ o.na. Edi1Dr, _....".".. 
• ___ lflii",. ~ IntIuIUy TocIIy.· 31M 
'---1IIIg.F .... 

TlU'IdIr, .., 18, 1.1 

4:00 ... - -cr-.mr.. ~ Aaoo. _ioIly,' 
lflii ... PoIib" l.ocIion.·laIo IWi cue OMIOJ1I lUI 
F .......... (\.IMIIiIy" ""-.n, -I, In",. 
_ "CnIIIcIrIIrWI --"IfIII~' 

~ bJ '" UC ()gotrimd _ ProjIcI in",. 
HIInn1iIa. Gtoup lor ... s..rdy 01 T ... 1ncI 0itc0<nII. 
""."'",.. Sw.,.,.".., UC-.IfIII'" DIpomIItl 
.. u..n. 31M u.r.n illig. F,... 

" ,. ~ ,-,., • • r 
" ... ,," ~... .. . ..., 

T.-y." 14; I., 
2:SO ........ -lJoIlitn, Goy & __ AoaocioIioo 

~ -.. E"'Y ___ liM. Old SUIM 
c.r., 2rII .... , _ 50ft _ FrOI. 

..... -_ ....... -....CoIrd-.g. 
ExoaAIw 0II0ar rtOII'IinIIIoN rG _-.. ..... 
__ .. ..,..10 pft:IpIII. Prictc.w. 3ft! .... , 
c.nrnnc:. -. 8. FJII. 

• .... - UN1YER6ITY TOMTlIASTERS • -.g • 
II*1II joIn1 ",..q""" T_ 01 La JaIL e....,.,. '_11_ ..... Ior..,.,.,r .5:30 
.... MMC CorI. Am .II-A. ... "1I*",..q pIoI:el. 
Como _ '-""'''' 111m. 110 .. _ COJMI..- ...... T_. Col DIM. 27""" 
lor _Info. The F'tw- Conor, 'IIn.-- Avo rll 
_LaJ\Jllj,FrOI .... 

..... ..., ,3 lflii T.-y • ..., 14. 1911' 

..... -Tho IlIId Scprn (Tho ~ bJ &.<on 
_ , ~""'-oIUCSD"DmI_ 

~_SOIia Locan HIII07. FrOI. 

WodnIodIr, ..,'S trou;I &nIoy, ..., 11 - _ ,·Fri, 
8j)O pm; Sol. 2.110 p" lflii .:00 pm; Sun.. 1. ""' -UCSO 
__ ... ......,.---I'rapnpr-. 
'IIOOSTEAS" br _ Sn::hor.soat A ~ IomIy 
...... _.prIIIW*III_ ... Ior._1ncI .... In _____ .. ,_ 
'I11IndIr • ..,,, trou;I~, IIIr 18. I., - Tlv .• 
.j)O .... Fri. .... , t:GO pm .., 11:00 .... - ucso_ 
__ ...... _pnjIct" ... ~ono 00l 
......... by AllIn a..orr.. v.. ....... 
-II. 

s..."",'1. I • 

" ......... -AkIMIIMCIOIf*_1or 
-......,_ ......... 1or2~_ ... 
___ 1lOIII. fill T-li*1Ior ....... Or 
_ ... ..,N ... _ .. and_ .... 1fIII 
.......... AoId. 'rw. 

HEAL TH & FITNESS 

Ar."",1IIIing1lll-""'IiI")OU'~. 
UCS011 "'" '-I '*'. FITSTOf' "'" .. nod To" 
__ ".~_--.. .. "",_.dO' 
aigo1,.r Slap bJ""""" _ .. '" SLCIItI_ 

c.r.1O_"~"'"~Ior,..,. 
'lit ",... .. 110 -'" SUIInt _ $tMot, 2rII """', 
Fr ... 

MondIy. 1IIy 13. 1981 

2j)O "'" -.kJat., no 10 ST'Oa, IJ1d ., _. bHl 
...-.at. t..n .. ,..,,..10_ ....... ~ ..... 
... mooll\Ol1l.lwbHl...-.at m ...... ...-...... SUIInt _ , S1UdtnC _ SoMca, 2nd 11oor, Fill. 

T.-y, IIIr 14, 1.1 
":OO .. -So, IIO .. I.t. ~IncI,.., ... _ ... 
1Irighr. flo ~ _,.,... bith<Xr1ln1lpIV'L Comoll • 
... CGnroIInIo SIaoian. SUIInt _ $tMot, 2nd .... , 
FrOI. 

, .... -c..""'_3_._".~ PfOIII*1CY'1 And _ out •• 1IritI CorIIoIInIo __ 
__ $tMot, 2rII ..... FrH. 

WodnIador,"" 15, 19111 
10:01 .. - _10 _ """-1'OI'PIf'O obing I 
paMo_l And out ....... 1ncI_i*""*1 Info lor 
... Wei _ sa-. _ SeMct. 2rII_. FrOI. 

,:oo",-_I1 •• _""lHoooIiloul. 
~? Como ... Birt1 CorIIoIInIo _IRI got. 

~ .. cortdam 100. sa-. _ SIMct, 2rII ..... Fr ... 

TIuodor, ..., 18, •• 1 
10 ... - __ ,.., dO. "'" got progrww'1 Do 
IOJ1IIf'iIV __ ,.., got progrwL t..n -.c ... ~ 
...,--...IfIII_ .... GI_bith_ 
mofIod. __ serw:., 2ntI ..... FrOI, 

, .... -_ ... ,..,dolO~ ... ....... 
VIQINI _ ......, 1IC11n1oc11cn1? Got .... '** •• W .. 
W- SIaoian. S\idIrI __ • 2rII ..... FJII. 

• 
......".., 13. I., 
'HO ... - JEWISH CAWUS CENTERS .... ~ 

1IIIIc~_ ... RIIlItI_502_ 
FrIO. 

T.-y . .., '4. 19111 

12. ,..,2:11 ... - ,.,.".." '" ~ 0.,.. ,.. ... 
..... " _a. _ ctDindIIara. or .... -. ... 
1III.,.?c-... _"'-"'*' pIOIIIlICiII. '" 
Son 01 0. GullI....." TInI-,s. &qoIol s.. 
_Ih._c.w. flll. 

4 .... -JEW1IH~CfNmIS .... ~ 

CALBNDAllI. 

T_ ........... O-' __ 502_ ..... 
7 ... -CAlIIOUC.u: SlUlY.&oII ...... _ . 
................ """'_ .... ~ ~joIn ... ~u..rtI\OudI. 
CIIdc ........ _"' __ - CoIogt. 
FtIa. 

--.' ..., II, 1.1 
, ___ .. - Tho ISRAEL ACTION 
COIMTTEE ... _IllllaIn .. 
_ Conor,..., Como IRI 1IIk ........ ____ .. on __ 

~1or"'_ 
..... -A_ ............ ", .... 

~~.UCSD. E'/IIYOIII .. 
- .lIionIY u.-CIudI._'" 
_ .... -CaIogt. 

, .... - The_1LIdV topic. 'AnOpon 
1IInd,·_"'.~2 .. 1.1f1111od", 
~_ "-John,....,. Opooo 1001. 

UrMIIIr L-.. CIuaI, - "'-__ CcIogo. ftoo . 

, .... -Scjounor'.~~H 
-·<--*'11-.11>1 ...... 
........ .-litII'oI~~CorM 
joon ... MAC 413A {boI1ind eoaIWI*"l, 
..... -'Howc..W.~"'_ .. 
s.:.?''' be ~ by "- John 
HI.Oor, AJ "-.lrMrIiIr ~ 
CIucII, ...... '" ......... -~ . 
FrOI, 

,:311"", - CAlllL£UOHT IWS. • quill. 
........ 1iM1or~ .... -.. 

~1Il1>r'" CoIhoIIc SUIIr'C Cotnm..-oty. 
UCSO. UrMII4y L_ CIudI. ..... ",. II_ ~ _ CoIogo. Fr ... 

Tlvadoy • ..., 18. 199, 

,,:00 _ 2j)O II'" - JEWISIi CAllPUS 
CENTERS InIormIlion ToIN ~ ... Priaa c-P1Ira. SlOp by lor _on_~ 
Ih. FrM. 

S)Q pili -lliE lliURSDAY DNER. 
_footIondgr .. """'l*'!.Sporsnd 
I>r '" CoIhoiI: SIuIIInt Coomt""l. UCSO. 
UniYtrsiIy UAht!w1 Church. Ca'IhaIc lountIe. 

_~_ CoIIgt,S2_. 

7 .. "'" - GRAIlUA TE STUDENT 
DISCUSSIONS. Joon us !of .tftIy_ '" 
_ ~'. 8ook. 'Wl1a1 ..... 
~ Styrg7 (AboUGta, e-. 
ir1IIUIity, WorIdIWgiona. .. ) Col LIa Nucci-
Glblltlor m ... i'Io 1\ 587-6712. u.-.ily 
l.IJII1nn CIud1, c.oic Loungo. Camor 01 N. 
Torroy PinIo Rd,.-.I U1.101a Shew .. DrIYI, Frat. 

7:SO ... -~ CcIIIgo Group _1OJdy. 
For .......,.-1 ridos C111565-ee6I . St 
~'. CIuttl. 2125 MIllIn Avo .. Son Ilitga, FrOI . 
FrlIoy, .., 17. 189, 

1,:00 &2:00 "'" - SajoIrnIf's ChrioI*1 ~ Slop I>rcu- _In",. Plief CIrHr P10za lor _ See 
_ .. '",,-"1 
7.""'-___ lRIon.. __ 
........... l11li ___ .-1_. 
..... 1,....-0J1I join"" W.,,,,1f1G,1ItIIing Room, 
S4101nn0r coot) • 

s.ntoy, May '8, 1.1 

' •• -EPISCOPALCAIIPVS~. ~ 
__ Holy EucIwIat CIutI\ "'",. Good ~ 
C2I ElllglllIIol FrIO. 

.:a. - CATHOUC IIASS, SpaNarocII>r '" ~ 
_ Comnuity. UCSD. UrMrMy l!JI1nI CIudI, 
COI1Itr" N. Tcmy PinIo lflii La JoIlo _ DriYI. _ • 

• •• - EPISCOPALCAWUS~. ~ 
_0J1I Holy EucIwIat St _ ~0uI:h, 
743 Pr..".a St.. La JoIa. FrOI. 
,.. _ - EPISCOPAL CAW\JS IINSTllY. WonI1Ip 
SeMct _ Holy EucIwIat CIudI 01",. Good SnorIIIn, 
C2I EIIIgI1I MIl. FrOI. 

'O. ___ ... who .. ~ .. bo 
~ dI.Iing '" ~ -w;p tw, A doIIn 
__ "bo_."''''''--I\DIy.~ 
~ CIucII, 1lCfOII'" _ ""'" _ 
CaIogo.FIII. 

"~I_ -M i'MINIIoNI_" be IIMd. tooui'4I 0WiIiI,~ _ , ~and_ 
-'II ___ ~ n._.~br 
"'lWIn1y l.ihrn. CoI45H58'. 1kMrIIII ~ CIudI. _ ... _m _ CaIogo.FrN. 

5 ... - CAlIIOUC IIASS, SpoI-w by'" ~ 
_ ContmIIII1y .UCSO, ~_ C1u\II, 
Camor'" N. Tcmy _lflii Lo'- _ DriYI. __ 

.:00 ... 7 .... -IHTEO CAllPUS...alRI' irwIIM 
"",.ql_..,.,..' ai9tV ill WIlt'" "",lind 

~in ....... ,.,...II*bI -. ","join ... ~ 
... * goopoIlRI CMPh IOf'9L w..., II1IItlG IIIId in 
... ,.. S .... Troir*1g -. (".., OAA_ in 502). 
" .. ~-. 
.... - CAlIIOUC IIASS __ br'" CIIdc 
_ Community. UCSO,.--, _ C1u\II, 
COI1Itr tJ N. Tonoy _lflii Lo .- _ DIMI. ".., 

• • FtiIar,..., 17. 1.1 4:a,.-Entyo.....aa-t _-.~ 
Potty and I1don ortIf, c,.. DII _ ....... .. 

~AIII' ...... UCSD ....... _ ... 
5pooo11 ..... 20 pp. Glprw. r.o ..... .,00 ..... __ .-.pttn_. __ 10 
_ . SoAImiI_.: lIntIa Toopo. ms LA. Idg. 
FtIa. 

~ , ... . ..,. ...... 

-. • ." .. ~ ••• _ .... ' •• " .. ' ....... ~ ..- • ..."...~.~""" .' •• ~." "' •••• ~~ .. ~;w;~, t',.":: " ......... "" ............ t' ~~ ~ 
;,~ ..-.-~ __ -~ 1iiI~~~' RiAn. ~" 
- ...... ----~ - .-----

Monday, May 13, 1991 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 24 

Hender on jumped straighl to 
the minor league after attending 
Oakland Technical High S hool in 
the late '70s. a hool where ome· 
body was gunned down in the halls 
ix years ago, 

He· hardly an angel on the 
ba eball diamond , either. He "hot-
dogs" it everywhere on the field -
al the plate , on the base paths , and 
in the outfield. And hi off-the· 
fie ld exploits aren'l going to earn 
him any brownie points - he 
moaned about a $2 million dollar 
contrac t this spring because he 
seemingly forgot the meaning of 
the word "contract." 

Rumor has it that he even com-
plained when theA 'sopted to give 
him a Porsche and donate some 
money in his name for chari ty pur· 
po es instead of buying him what 
he really wanted - a Ferrari -
when he broke the record. 

DOUBLES 
Continued from page 18 
has yet to match the intensity this 
year that they showed against 
Gustavus Adolphus: "The climate 
of the match that day brought out 
the be t in them. I don' t know If 
they've played a whole malch as 
intensely as they did then." 

Thi s sea on, Inaba and Whalen 
have moved into the team's lOp 
doubles position - replaci ng 
Christine Beh ren~ and Susan 
Carney-and are currently ranked 
fourth in the nation. 

They are playing more aggre -
sively, and although they have not 

o he ' a real jerk and a crybab 
then. right? Oh yeah, definitely. 
BUI Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, Pete 
Rose, and Roger Clemen weren' l 
- and aren't - exactly thekindof 
guys you want to invite over for 
dinner with the famil y, either. 
When these guy step onto the 
field, however, things happen. Big 
thing . Amazing things . 

When Rickey Henderson teps 
onto that field, wnazing things hap-
pen too. He can electrify a game 
like nobody elsecan, Hecan tuma 
walk into a run, and he can blow a 
game wide open with a homer. He 
can also make a catch to save the 
day. He drives oppo ing pitchers 
and catchers crazy when he ' on 
the basepaths, and he can force a 
manager to change hi e ntire game 
plan just by threatening to appear 
on the lineup card. 

Love him or hate him , 
Henderson i the greatest leadoff 
hitter of all-time, and he 's got at 
leas t five or six good year left on 

been able to match their perfor-
manceat la t year's national cham-
pionships. they are far from wor· 
ried. 

"Right now we're playing real 
well," Inaba said. 

" We haven ' t had as trong a 
ea on a la t year, but a lot of it is 

because the level of competition is 
higher playing in the number one 
position. 

" I know at nationals, we'll play 
well together becau e it takes that 
[almo phereJ to bring out the be t 
in us. If we can gain our momen-
tum - both physically and men-
tal ly - we 'll be virtually unbeat-
able," she said , 

The UCSD Guardian 

tho e leg . Does anybody really 
think there' a team ill baseball 
thai wouldn ' t take hi concei ted, 
whining, and expensive self and 
pencil him into the leadoff spot 
every day? It 's doubtfu l. 

Do you think the A' mind? 
Not a bit. When you're as good a 
Hender on, it' a lot easierto look 
past a personality. Henderson " 
arrival on the A's in the middle of 
the '89 eason propelled them into 
the playoff, and last year' a ll -
aroundeffon eamedhimanM P 
award. Be ides, Hender;on appears 
a a paragon of humanitarian vir-
tuenextto teammateJo eCan e o . 
pos ibly baseball' s biggest attitute 
problem. 

Before this eason. Henderson 
proclaimed that if omeofthe pres· 
sure to tea l ba e was I i fled off h i~ 
shoulder. he could h it 30 homers 
a year. 

Last year, while stealing 65 
bases, he hit28homers. Who would 
doubt him? 

The deadline for 
applications for 

editor positions is 5 
p.m., Saturday, 

May 18 

I SEEAD 
PAGES 

I The UCSD Guardian 
Covering the Campus 

SPORTS 15 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday a (next to Domino's Pl.ua) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :30-6 p .m . Ex &/ 9/ 91 ' 
Sat. 1-4 p.m. WIth UCSD ID 

SELF-STORAGE SAVINGS AT 
SENtRY 

SELF-STORAGE 
458·1950 

8440 Eastgate Court 
San Diego 92121 

STUDErttlT 

• $5 OFF regular monthly 
rent (first four months) 

• PLUS 50% OFF first 
month's rent 

• PLUS FREE limited use of 
our truck for move-in 
(subject to availabil ity) 

• All sizes available 

SPECIA.LS 

• Bank cards accepted 
• Secure gate access 
• N monitoring 
• OPEN 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., 

7 days a week 
• Close to UCSD 
• Reserve early & avoid 

LAST DAY RUSH I 

AT LAST UCSD HAS A YEAR·LONG LOWER·DlVISION SEQUENCE THAT COMPARES 
CHINA-AND JAPAN I J UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 

C - Apple ComputefTM & Claris Corp.T,M EAST ASIA 10-11-12 
FALL '91 

WINTER '92 

SPRING '92 

History 10 F.AlIi ASIA: TilE GREAT TRADITION 
Comp~res and contrasts pre·modem Cbina and Japan, 

History II EAST ASIA AND THE WFST 
Discusses Iht impact or the West on China and J~pan. 

History 12 TWENTIETII CENTURY t:AST ASIA 
Duts wilh tilt rist of China and Japan ift tbe pacirlC Cenlurl 

'2~ 
'l) Present 

Color of Success 

MacLC 
$1795* 

2140 Mac II si 
$2675"" 

3140 Mac II ci 
$4129"" 

SPECIAL CONFIGURATION 
($375 Value) 

• Claris MacWrite II 
• Clads MacDra~ II 

5180 

MUJR S'ruDENTS: nis HljlellCt sali5fies the Muir IIlmanllies ",!liRmealllld part 01 Ibe 
Mlir oplioulmilOl' ia eit~r lIislory or Clli_ SltIdits. • Claris Art Files - Clipart 

WARRENST1JDElm: 'l\acCOIl1Gcaa be IIId to satisfy part II ... Wlml rrop.orCOIICftItr.tiol 
lid AIlI SllIIIia rtqUim1c11l ia eil., History 01' CIIiHst SIIdia. 

REVELLE STUDENTS: 'I\ac COIIrMI caa be used to satisf, part or tile aenlle _tlpoa 111Il0l' 
r-.-inllfliL 

TIIIID STUDENTS: 'I\ac COIIrMI QII be IIRd to satisfy part fII tilt nn CoIlqt HllIuilies IncI 
CIIIIII'! reqlIm.mliH ... 1\ird Colep brad" r .. ____ t. 

nFl'll S'ruD£NTS: Ole 0I1ilesc _ CII be IStd 10 IIlIsfy pari II tilt FiR~ CGlIqe rqlonal 
specializalMli reqlire_L 

TIaia -..-n II Welily nc.llfllded for ....... ".. 'roI' ...... rt .. (Ibn literals 
wII IIYV/ft tlllpilc CGltart wltb l'Ic:iIIc aill CG111I11i11es. 

• Factory-Installed Software 
• Factory System Set-up 

• and an Apple Sports Tote 

Quantities are liInited! 
Hurry before they're all gone! 

REMEMBER! 
Mac Classic 

and StyleWriter 
I NOW IN STOCKI I 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 -4201 
OPEN: MaN· FRI lAM·. PM AND .A" 1.".11 • 4 PM 

• MO<Iltor no4 Includod In pnc. 
.. Monitor .nd Ktyboord not Includod In prjc:e 



16 The UCSD Guardian 

1. Get into Grad School. 
2. Get into Ridesharing. 

siiiE 
In an Diego County, call 

Monday, May 13, 1991 Monday, May 13, 1991 

TRACK 
Continued from page 24 

UCSD' men' team finished 
in fifth place with 70 points . 
Stanforth said that he had expected 
the Tritons 10 get only 50 points. 
The women's team - which took 
third place despite the absence of 
printer Erica Wa hington, who is 

still recovering from an injury -
tallied 76 point. 

"In both cases, we scored 15 or 
maybe 20 points higher than we 
expected ,"Stanforth aid. "A pretty 
good percentage of our athlete 
cored higher than their preseason 

ranking ." 
Among the trong Triton per-

formances were the first-place fin-
ishes of Scott argeant and Shan-
non Quigley. both in the shot put 
and discu . 

Sargeant, who had adisappoint-
ing econd-place finish in the ham-
mer on Friday, et a new school 
record in the hot put with a throw 
of 50' 11 " and won the discu with 
a to of 160' 1". 

"The first day didn't go as 
(Sargeant] thought it should, so he 
came back and made them pay for 
it twice," Stanforth said. 

Quigley made it a clean sweep 
of the two events for the Tritons, 
winning the shot put with a throw 
of 45'2 1/2" and the discu 
( 160'8"). 

Other notable performances 
were Michelle Milledge's NCAA-
qualifying mark in the 100 meters, 
and Ken Crawford and Diane 
Fritz's performances in the javelin 
and long jump, respectively . 

Milledge, who already quali-
fied for the national champion-

The UCSD Guardian 

Brian Morris/GuardIan 
Diane Fritz finished sixth in the 100 meters with a time of 15.56. 
ship as a member of the women's 
relay team, broke a personal record 
by finishing fifth in 12.48. 
Crawford broke the UCSD record 
in the javelin witha throwof 176'9" 
to finish sixth overall, while Fritz 
et a school record with a 17'9" 

jump, good for third place. 
While the encouraging results 

of a handful of Tritons may not be 
intimidating to others in theCCAA, 
they left Stanforth pleased about 
the Tritons' performance and opti-
mistic about UCSO's future in the 
league. 

"]t 's tough competition, particu-
larly on the track," Stanforth said. 
"The field events are competitive, 
but they don't have the depth that 

the fl at races do. It 's a real good 
test for us and will be every year." 

But according to Stanforth, 
UCSD may just te t the other mem-
bers of the CCAA as well. 

"We went in and made u state-
ment ," he aid. "We're not goi ng 
to be a threat to win the confe r-
ence, but we certainly made our 
pre ence felt ." 

Noting the strong perfornlances 
of some of the Tritons in the field 
event ,Stanforth added that UCSD 
had a "real impact" on the confer-
ence. "This year i a good indica-
tion," he said. "We 're not a threat 
to win, (but] we'll certainly have 
(individual] conferencechampions 
each year." 

PREVIEW 
Continued from page 19 
ystem. So whoever wins the ensu-

ing point after 3-3 win the game. 
Lynch bserved thaI, if the tour-

nament ends up u ing the "no ad" 
rule ,that We tCoastteamswould 
be put at a distinct disadvantage. 

"Team like us who play out-
doors and in good weather all sea-
'on long never have to use the ' no 
ad' system," she said. " rf you've 
been using it all year long, you'll 
really have the edge over teams 
who aren't accustomed to it." 

The " no ad" system is frequently 
used by Southern teams. 

Thesytem was adopted, accord-
ing to Lynch, in order to speed up 
matches. Thi need to shorten 
matches arose out of the limited 
amount of avai labk court space in 
indoor facilities . In a big tourna-
ment, the less cou rt space you ha e, 
the shoner matches need to be in 
order to finish on time. 

" It makes you play very defen-
sively on the sudden death point 
and take you out of your nonnal 
g:Jme," he said. "Ba~ically. the 
luckie t player wins those points , 
not the beller player. Frankly, I 
think it' prelly tupid ." 

As far a possibilities for indi -
vidual Triton accomplishments go, 
LaPlante i lightly less optimistic 
about UCSD'schances. The singles 
and double championships start 
on Sunday and run through next 
Wednesday. 

"Christine [Behrens) won (the 
Singles national championship] for 
us last year, but J think Robyn 
lnaba is a year or two away from 
playing up tothat level ,"she noted. 

SPORTS 17 

Jennifer Kolsky/GuardIan 
Junior Amanda Lynch 

Inaba is the Tritons' top-ranked 
singles player. "lnaba and [Janet] 
Whalen [the Tritons ' number one 
doubles team] were ranked founh 
nationally in the midseason polls 
anti have the mo t potent ial to do 
really we ll in the tournament." 

Lynch is al so very confident in 
[naba and Whalen's chances at thc 
national doubles crown. 

'They ' re roommates and have 
been playing together for awhile," 
Lynch said. "Janet's a really emo-
tional player and, s ince it's her 
final year, [think she'lI really ri e 
to the occa ion." 

"At this point. we're most con-
cerned with trying to win the team 
championship .... Any other indi-
vidual achievements would be ic-
ing on the cake for us," LaPlante 
aid. 

In the Mandell Weiss Theatre May 7 - June 16 Last Guardian issue of Spring '91 
HALF PRICE STUDENT RUSH 

AT ALL PERFORMANCES! 
T H R E E 

SISTfRS 
by Anton Chckhov' Translated by Jean-Claude Van ltallie • Directed by Des McAnuff 

Featuring· Susan Berman' Phoebe Cates • Michael Constantine' George Hall 
Michael Harris' Laura Innes' Bruce Ladd • Mitchell Lichtenstein' Jon Lovitz 

Michael McGuire' Robert Picardo • Karenjune Sanchez' Josh Sebers 
Nancy Travis ' Kate Wilkinson 

Half price student rush tickets available at all 
performances· to full-time students presenting valid 

student ID. Rush tickets go on sale one hour prior to 
curtain and must be purchased in person at the box 
office. Limit: two rush tickets per valid student ID. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION: 
(619) 534 .. 3960 
The La Jolla PlayhouseiMandell Weiss Theatre is Ioated on the UCSD 
campus It the comer of La Jolla Village Drive and Torrey Pines Road, 
3 minutes west of 1-5 and 15 minutes nonh of downtown San Diego. 
".C"I'I May t2 .... ning and May t.8 malin .. 

will appear ••• 

une 

Two summer Guardian issues will 
appear ••• 

uly August 
1 

• •• now ouknow 



Comme,!,orating 50 years of 

TUt: BATMAN. 
The Comic Gallery 

d22d Balboa Ave 675-B N BtooClwoy 
San 01600. CA 92117 EscondlC'o. CA 92025 

corneo ot 8010CXl & Clo"smonl D< COUniry Comet Shooptno Cenle< 
Neocl to FOOd Boskel - at BIOOClwoy &. Wosrungton 

(619) 483-4853 (619) 745-5660 

2 TANS $1 
One for You , One for a Friend 

[ 30TANDAYS$29 
~~~~~=-- LO~; ,6::~G'~n;;~~d;;;d9; 

European Body Wrap - Only $48 
Not a lemporary water loss ' Reduce cellulite and stretch maOOi 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Explfes 6113191 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices ,ego $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service, It's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm ; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

t-lAiR 
G~?FliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

The D Guardian Monday, May 13, 1991 
---------------------------------------------

Czech 1,2,3 (12 quarter units) 
July I-August 30, 1991 (9 wecks) 

An intensivc Czech language cour e providing students 
with the equivalent of a full year of Czech. Meets three hours a 
day: tVz or 2 hours of lecturc (grammar) and I-ll/z hours of 
discussion and drill (oral practice). The course will requjre 
substantial daily preparation outside class (study, wriHen assign-
ments, lab work). Prerequisite: none. 
MTuWfhF 9:00-12:00 noon 
Instructor: Steve Wcis man, MA., Visiting Lecturer, UCLA 
(proficient in Czech and Russian) 

For further information call the Summer Session 
Office at 534-4364. 
- - - - --~ - -- - - . 

UCSD 
UNIVERSITY OF CALlFOI~NIA . SAN DIEGO 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Sophomore Robyn Inaba 

DOUBLES 
Continued 1rom page 24 
Tritons' most experienced doubles 
players and her game seemed to be 
a perfect complement to Inaba's. 
While £naba played a steady 
ba eline game, Whalen was an 
aggres ive player who was always 
willing to attack the net. The pair-
ing gave them a combination of 
con i~tency and aggressiveness 
lhal is perfectly uited for doubles. 

According to Whalen, thatcom-
bination has worked well: 
"Robyn' trength - are my weak-
ne se and my strength are hers. 
And we balance each other emo-
tionally. " 

From the outset, La Plante knew 
that Wllalen and lnaba had the 
potential to form a strong doubles 
team but was impressed at how 
quickly theyme hed.'·Theirgames 
and personalities mixed real well 
together," La Plante said. 

"Robyn had the potential toplay 
strong double , and with Janet, it 
didn't take her long to start doing 
so." 

" Doubles is a totally different 
game from singles," Inaba said. 
"And I really wa n' t confident at 

-""l1lI_"'. all for the first half of the season. 
But I've learned to play the garne 
and it's been one of my greatest 
accomplishments. " 

Even with lnaba adjusting to 
doubles last year, the pair emerged 
as one of the top doubles teams in 
the nation . 

They compiled an 18-3 record 
as UCSD's number two doubles 
team and went undefeated in the 
team competition at the national 

_____________ • championships. They were also the 
only number two doubles team to 
qualify for the doubles champion-
ships last year. C:JL-t:tJl. : ...::..A.fT.;l::1f *~'Ji~ . J 

.LtJiJi!!14: J 1~;),I\i?,1l\t, "J it.1fr·;f-·li J lJ~~4'-MJ ~t 
:rUtKNH{:;'!¥':;Z7; J ! 
-*-it.1fr,;(jj~:jj;~,·~.:*J J ·tl.f:J-~ ~ J JJllJi-4--;Hk*. J 1t:rUtt 

r.ljM;~~·;t -t 11 

(-) 1tJi~: Chill["c SLlldies 18tA 

1tJiQ~{tj<: :.'IJlfJ-=-, t!!:1 J J :30 - 12:::;0 
~~~)G: APM 2'102 
1rJiA.iiLLi'ji. : '!~·.i&-"'f-<px6'-JJf·j:, or cC]uiv.'\IcIiL 

(.::.) 1tJi-~: 'hille.,· Stll<li ('s I 2 A 
I lItrll1l('(lialr Cla~!'\icnl Chil1r!tt-

1-1-JiQ;t1tJ;: ~J()l-, -=- J .JL. 2:00 - 2:[,0 
P)J~jG: usn 402(1) 
1t-i-A.1iU1.J: ·~!-.i&ifJ4'-"'~lr!]·~!·± or C'luivlllcnl 

According to Inaba, though, 
their strongest attribute may be 
emotional: "One of our biggest 
strengths is attitude. One of us is 
always trying to stay positive, to 
pump each other up." 

That mental strength was never 
more evident than in last year's 
national championship match 
against Gustavus Adolphus. 

In what was probably their fin-
est moment together, Inaba and 
Whalen came back from a 6-1 , 4-1 
deficit en route to a three-set vic-
tory in which they dropped only 
two games the rest of the way. 

"They were dominating us at 
the net," Whalen said. "Robyn was 
getting real down and was about to 
give up." 

Whalen, however, was not about 
to let a year's work slip away so 
easily. "Janet told me we could 
come back. She got me back into 
the match. We changed our strat-
egy,and westaned winni ng,"lnaba 
said. "It was an inCredible match 
- the bes t we played all year." 

According to La Plante, the pair 
See DOUBLES, Page 15 

Monday, May 13,1991 

PREVIEW 
Continued from page 24 
10 write off this young Triton group, 
figuring that an undercla smen-
heavy quad would have no realis-
tic shot of winning uch a pres-
sure-packed tournament- a four-
day affair starting this Wedne day 
at Emory University in Atlanta. 

But you better hold on to your 
hats ports fans-the horse hasn't 
quite made it out of the proverbial 
gate yet. 

In fa t,theTriton are very much 
in the hunt for thi year' champi-
on hi p trophy, and are seeded third 
in the tournament, behind top-
seeded Pomona-Pitzer and Mary 
Washington University (V A). 
Welle ley round out the top four 
eed , who will all receive byes 

from Wedne day's first round of 
play. 

Despite her team's relative lack 
of post eason easoning, LaPlante 
is by no means ruling out the chance 
of winning a foul1h Divi ion III 
championship in her 12 years at 
UCSD. 

"In previous sea on , we had 
some really outstanding individual 
players who could almost carry us 
by themselves," she said. 

"Wedon 'treally have any domi-
nant players like that this year. 
Instead, our trength is inourdcpth. 
Weare very solid right down toour 
number seven and number eight 
singles players." 

Even though the Triton are 
going through omewhat of a 
"down" year, the rest of Division 
III isn 't quite what it used to be 
either. 

"There aren't any really domi-
nant team like there have been in 
past seasons," she said. " It 's really 
all up for grabs this year. I think 
any of the lOp five 10 eight teams 
have a very realistic chance at win-
ning it all. " 

Rounding out that top eight are 
SI. Thomas (MN), tournament host 
Emory Univer ity, defending na-
tional champions Gustavus 
Adolphus - who edged UCSD 5-
4 in last sea on' s finals - and 
Kenyon College (OH). The bot-
tom four teams don't receive for-
mal seedings, and therefore do not 
receive a first-round bye like the 
top four team . 

LaPlante expects to face 5t. 

HAIR DESIGNS 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274·2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 566·6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater] 

455-0420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOT NECESSARY 
MANICURIST AVAILABlE 

The C D Guardian 

WOMEN'S TENNIS AT THE NATIONALS 
• The UCSD women's tennis 
program is one of the most 
successful In the history of the 
school's athletiC department 
Head Coach Liz LaPlante has won 
three natIOnal titles. finished 
second three times - includlllg 
last year - and has a career 
record of 169-66 over 12 
seasons. This year the Tritons 
finished 12-6 and are ranked third 
in the nation, behind Pomona-
Pitzer and Mary Washington (VA). 

.-, 

Jennifer Kolskv/Guardlan 
Carla Nicholas 

TEAM RESULTS 

Year Record Pct. Finish at Nationals 
1990 16-5 .762 Second Pia c 
1989 18-5 .783 alional Chmnpion ' 
1988 20-5 .800 lllird Place 
1987 16-6 .727 ational Champion ' 
1986 9-9 .500 None 
1985 21-6 .778 National Champions 
1984 18-7 .720 Second Place 
1983 144 .778 FifLh Place 
1982 154 .789 Second Pia e 

INDIVIDUAL HONORS 

AI~American - Singles 
• Christine Behrens: 1990, ' 9, '8 , '87 
• Jessi a Vernon: 1985 
• Vikki Lareau: 19 ~ 

Thomas on Thursday. The Minne-
sota school should take care of 
lightly-regarded Washington & Lee 
University in the first round. 

''If we make it past them, we 
would probably play Mary Wash-
ington in the emifinal s," he ' aid. 
"Whoever win that would prob-
ably see Pomona in the final." 

And, accon.l1ng to junior num-
ber three player Amanda Lynch. 
facing the 5agehens in the finals 
wouldn ' t be a bad thing at all. 

AI~American - Doubles 
• Christine Behrens/Susan Carney: 1990 
• Christine Behrens/Nancy Calhoun: 1989 
• Maggie Merickel/Jessica Vernon: 1986 
• Lisa Gilben/Glenna Mo es: 19 5 
• adine Akimoto/Jessica Vernon: 19 5 
• Lisa Gilbert/Jessica Vernon: 1984 
• Nadine AkimotolCathy Sturdivant: 

19 3, '84 

whole thing." 
BUI the Tritons' chances of go-

ing all the way could be tempered 
by the weather in Atlanta. If the 
weather goes bad and the tourna-
ment has to be moved indoors, the 
NCAA has decided to u e the con-
troversial "no ad" system of cor-
ing in matches. 

In the "no ad" scoring y,tem, 
individual games arc scored on a 
four point scale - as opposed to 
the usual 15, 30,40 scale - and if 
a game goes to 40-40, or 3-3 in "no 
ad" tcrms, the game goes tosudden 
death in,lead of the usual "deuce" 

SPORTS 19 

.,AAB 

ROBERT~S 
AU 0 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

-1630 Mis ion Bay Dril'e 
(1-5 to Balboa e.\it) 
Sail Diego e 

Kendall (619) 275·1132 
MOIl .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p .m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

" ... U~ .nd rt!'('omme-nd 
H.-ndall ,,} lubrl("ant.~ 

to tlur ('u!ilo ... rn 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

Bxeepl motor and lransmission overhaul. Nol valid with any other coupon. 

1991 
Summer Session 

The UCSD Summer Session first 
five-week session begins July 1 and 

second live-week session begins 
August 5. 
An exciting range of courses from 
virtually every campus department is 
offered. Catalogs are available now. 
For your free copy, drop by the 
Summer Session Office, UCSD 
Extension Complex, Building A, 
Monday through Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 
p.m. or phone 534-4364. 

UCSD 
"We've split two matches with 

them this year, 'she said. "[f they're 
the number one seed, 1 think we 
have a definite shot at winning the See PREVIEW, Page 17 UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
811ng this ad. Expires 5131191. 

Mon,·Fri. 8-5 
Sat 9·2 549-8233 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

&M 
AUTOMOTIVE 

Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 
to Foremost Business Park, Suite F 

I 
8545 ArJons ~ 

Suite F ~ 

:8 
'" o 

• 

Miramar Rd. L _________________________________ __ ________ ~ 



20 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Corne to Friday's -InternatIOnal Cale' for good 
lood and company. Buffet lunch served at the 
InternadonalCenlereveryFrtday11:30-1 :3Opm., 
$2 at the door. All students. scholars, staff 
weJcome.(5I2·5I20) 

When seconds counl bteathe a IInle easier with 
MICf1O.MED, the microfilm medICal 10 card that 
could possibly save your ilIel MICRQ.MED Is an 
asset to evaryone's hfa - young/old, il"""ell. Can 
Gabrielle (619)546-8014.(512·5120) 

UCSD's FACTOR V OUTLET CLOTHING SALE. 
Apparel Designer Zone offer. you 5()%.80% 
OfFI See the ad In Ih.s Issue or call the hOdl08 
450·3323. Top styles for less I (4129·&16) 

Undergraundl Theatre invites you 10 Its Inaugural 
producllOn, 'The Bald Soprano· to be pertormed 
May 13 & 14, 8 p.m., al Sohs Hall 107. No 
admiSSIon chargalll (519-5113) 

Greek Week IS coming May 19-23. Be there I (51 
13) 
AMES BICYCLE HELMET research proJe'-t 
quesuonnau8. Go anSwer one at the Bike Shop 
(5113·5116) 
JOin us for an evening of mechtahon. PrICe Center, 
Wednesdays at 7:30 p.m. R,yerslde Room For 
InformallOn call 271·4983. (5113) 

INTERNA TlONAL FESTIVAL OF KITESI 
Salurday. May 18. 11 .30·3 p.m. Warren fI .. lds. 
Food. dronks, kite exhlblilons, yendorsl (5113-51 
16) 

Free choleslerollest •. May 14th 10 a.m.·2 p.m. 
Great Earth Vllamlns. For Inlormallon cell 452· 
9775. (5113) 

V.klmono Japenese ROIIIU,.nt grand 
opening speclalolll Lunch starting at $3.99, 
dinner .,artlng at $4.75 See Guardian display ad 
for more details and FREE Sushi coupon. Close 
to UCSD In Vons shopping cenler on Regents 
Rd. 452-4255. (5113 &16) 

SAVOY CHINESE RESTAURANT - lunch 
, poclaJs every day for $3. 95, SO'l< 011 any second 
a Ia cane dISh Wllh Guardian dISplay ad Great 
food, low prices, close to campu •. 495·9t39 (51 
13·616) 
Chinese study pregram. Language courSe' 
F it 1991 ChlMse StUd,as 11 A B·C. 21 A B, 
1\ 1 A B 121 A·B Call534 6477 for more Inlo. (s, 
t3 S,20) 

Third College aCllvlty committee and Eargasm 
ProductIons bung you tho lat st house musIc at 
La Casa. Come only rt you wanl 10 dance and If 
you'rellred of regular college dances. Wednesday. 
May 15,8 p.m.·12 a,m. Experience Itil (5113) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari-ElectrologIst: 1 200101500 half' per 
hOur. 3256 Holiday Court. Siudent Discounts. 
558-4644/226-1962. (411 ·&16) 
PASSPORT PICTURESII New atCal Copy. Only 
$5.95. While you W8.lt. Xeroxes and more. Near 
SL Gormalns. 452·9949. (1 122·&16) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION WORKSHOPS. 
For information call Post Graduate Group, 985-
0426. (411·&16) 

WORD PROCESSING ; Papers, reports, 
dissertations. manuscnpts. Laser. Lowest Ratesl 
Lu 234·5433.(4118·5113) 
Learn to sing. Any style (e.cept Opera). MUSIC 
Degree Irom Roya l Academy, England . 
Raasonal)leI558·0122.(519·5I16) 

WORD PROCESSING SERVICES -
PROFESSIQNALOUALITY PAPERS. THESIS, 
REPORTS. ETC. CALL 566·9096.(519-5113) 
Success, your partyl ProlesSional Cartender'S 
dunk secrels $1, SASE 8837 Flanders Dr., S.D. 
92t26.693-3153.(519·5I20) 
Don't walt un\ll the last mlnutelll Package and 
ship your things hOme at The PaCkaging Store. 
Packaging supplies, mOYIng ooxes, cuS lom 
crating and packaging. Close 10 campus In La 
Jolla 454-9680. (5113-616) 

Awesome deals at Mlr. Mesa Seu Storage -
Student specials Include: got a th"d month FREE 
when you pay lor two or FREE truck and drover to 
move you With reservabons. All ground lloor units 
- close 10 campusI 453·051' . (5113·6/6) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: ExperienCed. 
Word proceSSing. WnteJed,t: reports, manuscnpts, 
resumes,disS8rtalions, lene ... Scltware Training: 
Word Pertect. dBase, Lotus. Presentation 
Graphics. Modem. Laser printer. Weekend 
appointments 152t Summit AYe .. Cardiff. FAX: 
633·1 624, 753·5964. (5113) 
WORD PROCESStNG. Writlngl edlting. 
AcademlClbuslness. Student papers, resumes. 
Cus lness documents , leltors, manuscripts, 
dissertations, Ihesls. Fasl. dopendable. 
Appointments - 224·2208, Glenn Professional 
Services. (5113) 

WANTED 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE We will pay you to lose . 
1 ()'29lbs. in 30 days, 1·800-347·7584.(512-5120) 

ResearCh aSSl6laniiO be6t-sel"ng author. Skilled 
researcher and word processor. (WordPerfect). 
3()'40 hrsiwk. EnCInitas. S&lhr. Dr. Farrell, 753· 
2436. Ask lor Llsa,(519-5I13) 

Wanted: Female non-smoking roommate 10 ahara 
master bedroom in Del Mar for summer, Wafk to 
beach, ocean view, pool, jacuzzi etc. Call Vanessa. 
793·0207. (511 3·511 6) 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 13, 199 1 

CLASSIFIEDS 
HOUSING 

Room In 4 bedroom hOuse in University City. 
Available &11. $362.SO + utlfitles. Call Ju lie 452· 
9409.(512,5113) 
Want to make money while you are ou1 of town 
thIS summer? Rent your hOuse, apartment or patI 
thereof to responsible law students who WII be 
clerking at Seltzer Caplan Wil"'ns and McMahon 
In San DIego. Please cal Marla Macias at 294· 
2801, extensIOn 135 for further ",Iormation. (411. 
613) 

Classified adlJenising is sold in is-word increments. The rme per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 forfacuiry and staff, and $4 for orhers. PaymeJ1l 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
/0 The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
righllo refuse any advertising including but 1I0t limited /0 companionship ads. For 
more information call534-5416. Mailing addre s: UC D Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla , CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Furnlshed room for rent Ihls summQr: mid-June to 
mid· September. $300 .. 114 utilities. 549·7818. 
(516-5113) 
Unoy. CIty 3 bdrm. 2 batr Big backyard. 10 
minutes Irom campus. 511 OO/mo. Call 554.Q637 
ask for Darren or John. (516·5113) 
Summer: Large master bedroom available June 
151h to S.p! 15th or any patI. Own bath, carport, 
laundry, diShWasher, cable, & CaJcony. 2 biOCJ<s 
to stores & buslines. No drugs or smokers. 
Graduale student roommates, $400 + 113 utlhtie • . 
Russ 453·5942, (516-5113) 

Need CIIIl? Wedellverl Domino', Plzz. 'snow 
h~lng lor all poU,ons. Management oppotIunlbes 
avaltable. Complete trainIng program 1\ you are 
18 years old. haYe a valid drIVers icense. aulO 
Insuranee, ane,cenentdrlYJng record,3ndaecess 
to a caJ. you can Earn up to $I01hl.(tolalcomp ) 
Enloy the Ireedom 01 beIng on Ihe road, work 
IleXlble hOurs APPLY TODAYI Domlno's P,zza 
UCSD 3211 Holiday Cl 452·UCSD. Please apply 
aftor 3 p m. (1110 &16) 
SUMMER JOB, 3 days/Wk. to care for 2 Ioyely 
children In W home, 456-1322. (4129-5113) 
Wanled' Writers lor a new S.D based computer 
magazIne. Call 549-6704 .265 (S, 6·5, 13) 

GRCA T SUMMERJOB' Earn $7:hron OUI calling 
staff, Call The PaclllC Group. 563·2000. (5113·5 
30) 

Books W nted Blo<;hemlsiry Cy Siryer, 3rt! 
edition, Blolegy by Campbell. 2nd ed,tion, A 
View 01 Life by Lurta, Bould and S"'ger; Organic 
Chemfstry by Morrison and Boyd, 5th edlllon, 
Chemistry by Gillesp,e etal . 2nd edlLon. Call 
Paul, 280 5467, (5113) 

Summer Jobsl Palnl ",Ih Siudent PaInters. $5·7, 
hr. WUI trwn. Call Mike G, 457·4238 (5113-5116) 
Hyperlearnlng Intern. (10·15 hr$iwK) Buslnes<>, 
&ducatlon or'ented student 10 huiP wltn data 
ontry'gan. oHlco..buslOOSS work. Wlthng to loam 
basIC accounung system. QuahilCilbOns Ma, 
e'perlence, energellc. a CII po~QCllonistlC $&I 
hour,lIe.llme 455 1000 hll midOlle, John (5113· 
5123) 
Make S 1 O·S 151hr. RelIable person neoded for 
hght simple assembly work and dehYenos Set 
your own hours. Con be done In smaJl workspace 
In basement or garage Call 558·6263 x437. (51 
13) 

FOR SALE 
'67 Cougar XR7IGT w1390; wh~Qwlth red leather; 
looks & runs beautllully $4600 obo. 488·2938 
Jim. (412~·5I13) 

LeaVing for Sweden. 18·speed mountain bike. 
Must sell. Good condition. $80 000. Simon, 558· 
8223, (5113-5'16) 

Trek 610 roadltounng bike, Shlmano 600 21', 
$200 000. Bet, 458-9356. (5113-5120) 

Idnko·s· 
the copy center 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
OPEN 24 
HOURS 
437 .. 3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Garnet Avenue 
near Soup Exchange 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
483-1852 

LEAVING THE COUNTRY I Need to 5ell all my 
stuN. 1980 Kawasal\1 KZ440 motorcyCle - RAD-
$500. ShaJp electroc typeWriter wlcoHection. $50. 
TWIn luton WIth Irame. $60. 10-speed Nishilo 
ClCyCle, $SO, Kenne. mid,slZe graphite tenniS 
ra<:quel $30. and anylhlng else you see al my 
house. 546- t 466. (5113) 
Exceltentstart·upqulYerlorbeg;nnerAntermedoale 
photographer. Ponta. ME super bOdy and 3 
Iens(28mm; SOmm : 8O-200mm zoom) $200.00. 
Fred 755-1383. (519·5116) 
PortaCle Computer, Tandy 11ooFD, Schware 
Included,31:2·droye, $6000 B,O. 450-3612, (51 
6-5113) 

AT Clone, l MEG RAM, 2 floppy, 20MEG hard 
dnve, mono d,splay $800 0 BO. 450·3612. (516-
5113) 

'85 Mazda 626-loaded- neweng,ne-$5OO 
& take OV8r23 payments 01 $1201mo Anita 447· 
3493 (5.6 5116) 
B,nocul.lls. to. 25. Brand New. RubberIZed 
PO<;Kot size. Loght we'llht Case. 575. 944·1 050. 
(S,6·5113) 

1980 Sorocco S Black. Alp,ne stereo. New bres 
Recaro seats Runs sllong Looks great. $1050 
obo Call Man, 558-9491.(519-5113) 
Roundtrip Alrime Tickets - S.D .• Honolulu, 51 
29·6. 9 Male & Female. $450 lor both. 941-3510, 
LOri (5l9-5I13) 

Sale Sofa, DinIng Table, Corner Tables, 
Entertainment Cabonel Chesl. You name Ihe 
pncel 453-2707 Charles.(5J9-5I2O) 
YES Floor Seats - AClOC- Alarm & Flx> 4th 
row center. YES Lower Leyel Seats. Call 457· 
1319.(519-5113) 

'82 Toyota Supra. automatIC, fully loaded, AMI 
FM cass, AlC, sunroof. Wen maintained two· 
owner car. $5200. 558·5779,caJl any time. (511 3· 
5120) 
For Sale: 2 king SIZe walerbed. with &-drawer 
pedestals and headboards. E_cellent condition, 
need 10 sell ASAP. $125 each. 554-<1581. (5113· 
5116) 
SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats, 4wheelers, 
mOlorhomos. by FBI, IRS, DEA. AYailable your 
area now. Call (805) 682-7555 EXL C·1199, (51 
13) 

YOUR ILLNESS 
COULD BE 

PROFITABLE $ $ $ 
If you have a major illnes , 
you could make a valuable 
contribution to the medical 
community, and earn $$. 

• Measles 
• Hepatitis 
• MOl1ollucicmis 
• Lupus 

$50 
anll 

• Herpes 
• everc Allergy 
• Chicken Pox 
• Lyme Di ease 
• Clolting Factor Deficiency 
Sen itizcd 10 the Rh Factor 

For mort information, pltase contact 
MD LAlOllilORIES 

226·1733 

Alrime ncket. San o.ego to IndianapolIS, Memorlall 
Indy 500 weekend. Depart 5/23, retum 5127. 
$438. 534·5128. (5/1 3"5120) 

REPOSSESSED AND IRS FORECLOSED 
HOMESaval1abie at below markel value FantastIC 
sawlgS, You repair Also S&L ballout proper1ies, •• 
Cal l (805) 682·7555E_L H·I443 forrepo IiSlyour 
area. (5113) 
RANCHO BERN AR DO Mint 2BR, 2BA, double 
garage. Huge pano. great View. Fireplace, AC, 
Club. 451-2954. (5 13-5130) 
VW RabbIt, 1978 diesel, runs ok, COndition 011, 
$750.535-1861, evenings. (5113) 

For sale- O'Neil full wets"'t, women's size 5-7, 
excellent, $50. Call 436·3229 after 6 and 
w88kends. (5113) 

HUNTRIDGE 
HAIR CARE 
7955 La Jolla Shores Dr, 

Locafed in the 
Summer House Inn 

IPO 6 lAYS A WUI 

454-0785 

Fabulous home in safe neighborhood overlooking 
MB. Two rooms avaIl $290 + 114 utll. All modern 
conveniences. Surpnsingly affordable. Call now, 
WIll go quick, Jim or Chandra 273-5758. (516-51 
16) 
AM ROOMMATE HOTLINE 24HR INFO 
SERVICE. For detalls and to lISt free - 527· 
4045. To get listings dial 1·900·844·NITE 
(6483).(512'&16 ) 

Four bedroom townhouse for rent 5 miles from 
campus, $350/monttllroom. UUllb8S Included.457· 
0295.(519-6/6) 

UnIverSity CIty $290 + 114 utll~les Pool, Jacuzzi 
& TenniS Courts. Brett 546-8283.(5,9·5113) 

WHEN YOUR HAIR'S 
LOOKING LIFELESS, 
CATCH A WAVE! 

If you were born with a fashion 
passion bu t cursed with dull, 
board-straight hair, cat.:h a wave! 
Redken perms provide the textural 
shapes and voluptuous volume 
you've been dreaming about. 

Redken perms give your stylist 
the freedom to create any look you 
can imagine- from corkscrew curls 
to romantic waves. Explore the 
artistic potential of your hair and 
ask for a Redken perm today! 

REDKEN 
1\ ,',.1B ADOR SALON 

r-------------------, 
I INTRODUCTORY OFFER 25 0 LO 0 FF!! I I with Stacy Kaufman. Stacy 11 I excels in perms, haircuts 
I and weaves. Bring in this I I coupon and receive up to I 
L $20 OFF SERVICES. PLEASE CALL 454-0785 FOR AN APPOINTMENT, -------------------~ 

[ 0 

~ 

M I R A 
MESA 

Pay for 2 
months and get a 

THIRD MONTH 
FREE 

SELF 
STORAGE 

with student I,D. 

Call about a 
FREE TRUCK 
• DRIVER 
to move you In. 

Early reservations a mustl 

ALL GROUND FI.OOR UNITS 
Jk ~_SAILYO ~ 

• I~ ~.~ Ii N STOll 
F~ 

7044 Flanders DrIve 
behind Plaza Sorrento 

ShoppIrc Center 

4530111 
~",. _RO. 

Monday, May 13, 1991 

Femal. roommale wanted to share room $2401 
mo. Biking distance from school. N ar bushne-
across from Costa Verdo. AvallaCle June 15. 
558·0976. As!< lor Tracy. (519-5116) 

Needed : Femate to subslltu1e my spot fl)( Fall 
Ouarter hOUSing near campus. Can Caroline 546-
0336.(519-5113) 

Roommate Wanted: MIF Non·smoker to share 2 
bdr. furnished townhouse apl. near campUS. All 
amenities. Prefer mature, la,d·back undorgrad or 
grad. $350Imo, $350 depOSit, 112 utlht,es 
Available July lSI. Call Linda 558-9025.(519·51 
13) 

For rent: Master bedroom In 2·slory lownhouse. 
WasterlOryer, DIShWasher, pool, cable, Within 1 
mile of campus I Avalable June 15- Aug. 31. 
$380,month + 113 electnc boll or share for 5200 
ap'ece. Contac1 Brennan I)( Geoff al 535-0744. 
(519·5120) 

Want to live in Hillcrest? Room for renlln groovy 
house

' 
Washer. small yard . close to shuttle, 

super-oen1ral , water paid: $325 a monlh ($300 
Deposit). Call 295·2225 Evenings.(519·6/6) 

HELP US (2 SWdents) Find an apartment close 
to UCSD thai will allow aqUlet 3 lb. dog. Weden 't 
need it unbl September (or late August) . Analee 
452·9452. Thanl<5 l(516·5113) 
Roommale wanted I Five minutes to UCSD. Own 
room With patio In spacious condo wllh fireplace, 
pool. iacuzzi. garage. and more. $35OJmonth 
piUS deposi1 and 1 13 utllities. Female non-smoker 
preferred. Available June 1, call 535-0180. (5113-
5116) 

SPECIAL L.A. 
GETAWAY 
2 NIGHTS in the 
heart of Westwood 

or Beverly Hills 

from $6995 
Pool, breakfa t meluded, Walk to 
theaten, shops :llld tCStautants. 

Oumning European.style hotel. Offer 
valid until June 2, 1991. Please prescnt 

coupom and make rescrvanons. 

CALL (213) 474·4506 
.nd mention this .d. 

CENTURY WILSHIRE HOTELS 

Own room In IflOndly, qUl8t Clalremont house. 
Convenlenl, salv nelghoorhOod. 4 bedroom. 2 
bath, washerldryer, flreptace. Available June 13. 
S2231month, Call 541·2073. (5113·5120) 
EAT THE HEAT THIS SUMMER. Cool room 
(north· facing WIndOW) in 3·br house, 112 block 
from Mora Mesa Mall (Vons. Say·on,elc). 
AmeMios galore: washorldryor, mlcrowaye, 
cable, ig "itchen, backyard, Ig garage, pienty 
o'storage space. cat. S2851mo, avallalele when 
you are (Mayor June) to Sept. , . Call SIeve 569· 
7417. (519·5120) 
Wanted . female non·smoklng roommate to share 
master bedroom In Del Mar for summer. Walk to 
beach,oceanlliew,pool,laCUzzletc.CIlIIVanessa. 
793·0207. (5113,5116) 

3BD, I 5 BA condo for rent near UTC SpacIous 
(101 4-5 people) $1100. Park, pool, patlO, near 
UCSOIbuslines, Avadalele mid·June. Call 453· 
7022. (5113-5'28) 

Partially furnished mast.r bedroom aY8.llabie tor 
2 lemales In 3 bedroom, 2.5 balh W condofor91 -
92 school year (Sepl·June). Ouiel comple. has 3 
pools. spa, on bus roule. close 10 LJ V,llag. 
Square, oN G,man Dr. $3450 each for schOOl 
year plus 114 utilities DePOSIt requued in June. 
No smoking/no pets. Jennller, 4SO·2977. (5113, 
5120) 
Roommate needed ,n a 2·story. 3BD condo olf of 
Carmel Valley Road (&11). All amenities - washerl 
dryer. dishwasher, fireplace, pooVjacuzzJ, patIO. 
No deposit or last! $3251monlh plus 114 utilitIes. 
Nosmoke .. , Preler neat and clean. Call Tessie at 
481·8650. (519·5130) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral sludenls (64·91%). aNer 
completing thelf course work. remain WIth 
a dlsse~atlon pending completIOn Indef" 
nltely Among IMse ABOs IAII·8 Hhe-
Dlsser1allOn) are generally lound the 
broghlest and mosl creative candidates 

Addresslrg those elements Involved m de-
aylng completion . the wor~shop gUides 
panlc,pants. Irom beginning to lol,owlng 
Ihrough and comp!et,orl, parllcularly aher 
years of InactivIty and rega rdless 01 where 
they are In the process 

Workshop Inlolmatlon 

985·0426 
Poslgradua(e Group 

T he UCSD Guardian 

Mira Mesa own room In qUiet house. ResponSIble 
female pictured. $260 plus 113 ublitles. Call Joy, 
578·6523. (5113·5116) 

Summer Sublet. Penthouse condo. Many 
amenl~es and near campus. Lrg. Masler $475, 
single $3SO. 455'()261 .(519-5I20) 

BUy. at the beachl Nine monlh rentals. Many to 
chOose Irom. 3 bedroom! 2 bath. 2 bedroom, plus 
othors. 483-3534. (5113-5123) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found. Panasonlc Portable Recorder, Caslo 
Calculator, Totem pole earnng , Call481·6187.(51 
2·5113) 

LOST' SOl jeans In Pepper Canyon laundry 
during second week. W·30, L·34 (I Ihlnk): WIth 
adjusted seams. Call 457·0304. (516·5113) 
Found: 1 Tonnls racket. Conlact Geoff al 535· 
0744 to Idenbly.(s,9-5116) 
Lost - Gold nat link bracelet. Rec Gym. West 
Balcony. Please call Maureen , 535·0275. 
Sentimenlal value. (5113·5116) 

PERSONALS 
Need cash? We buy CDs, tapes, Yldeos. MUSIC 
trader 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-1469. (4122·6/6) 

Come support T" Della 's philanthropy at 
Pengu in's mght on Tuesday. May 14. (511 3) 

Carwash • Gas Station • Dry Cleaners 
photo • Florist • Groce~y Store· One 

• PostOffice • HairSalon • videoStore • Bank 
Hour 

• Restaurants • and many other reta i I stores . 

What's Celter than great comedy? Great 
br.athflble comedy, duh. Sunday at the Improv 
In P,B. - non-smoking night! Call 483·4522 after 
12 noon. (4129·5113) 

NEED A PERM? Or Just a great haircut? Stacy 
With Huntridge Half (In the Summerhouse Inn) IS 
runnIng a fantastic UCSD HAIR SPECIAL S88 
our THURSDAY adOrjustcaliusat454 0785. (41 
29·5,9) 

UCSD's FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING SALE 
Apparol DeSigner Zone oHers you 50"'r90% 
OFF! Soo tho ad in Ihis Issue or call the hotllne 
450-3323. Top styles for lossl (4129-6.6) 

51h College sWdents
' 
Don't miSS your chance 10 

VOice your opinion on what the now name of Fifth 
College Will be. Come to the Town meetIng on 
May 13. BUlkllng412 MAAC at4:3O p.m. See you 
Ihere. (S,6·5I13) 

ChI Omega - Great way to start a t,"dlllOn! 
While Carnation 
Ball ... Same lime next year? (5It 3) 
Happy Birthday you siud muffin I Hope you .n/oyed 
your wookond

' 
Your love goddess sure did' (51 

13) 

Why should you call tho HIghway to Humor TralllC 
School? To keep your DMV record clean, 
Insurance rates down. and have a good time 
dOing 111260-1954. (51 13-5116) 

Alpha Kappa PSlcongralulates Karen Wltlenberg 
for receiVing the certificate award for her 
oulsland lng workl (5113) 

FAIRMAIR'S 

roSEDI01'Sj 
J EAN S & SHO RTS 
BIKER JACKETS I 

$125-$139 
I (new.:....l __ 
FUN, FUNKY 
IFUNTIONAL I 
I RESALEClOTHES, 
4879 NEWPORT AVE OCEAN BEACH 

M·SAT 11 10 6.,l) • 222·0220 

Hoy UCSD Greoks .•. Get psyched I Greek Woek 
IS almost herel (5113) 

Healher - TharJ; you very much. lowe you . Only 
32 days left In this hell hole (5'13) 

Dear Chi Omega: You are thO most beautllul and 
Splflted group of women, You'll do awesome In 
Greek Weeki Go Chl·OI- The Great Wh,IS Owl 
(5113) 

To Shauna and Kanne. Happy birthday to two 01 
the Cusnerdlest, blQ·mouth frog Portola nuns 
Ale you guys twins or somethmg? We lo'Vo you I 
Emme, SophIa, Jul,e, and Dzoyag. (5113) 

Delta Sogs - Than"s lor Friday's PJ pany You 
guys are dreamy. Loye, tho Sig Kaps. (513) 

Chinese study program. Language courses 
Fall 1991. Chinese Siudies 11 A·B·C. 21 A·B, 
til A B. 121 A·B. Call 534·6477 for more Info (5 
135120) 

Fre. cholesterollesls. May 141h, 10 a.m.·2 p.m 
Great Earth Vitamins. For Informallon call 452· 
9775. (5113) 

Carrie, for a person. you are far too stressed. Are 
you prepared lor nexl year, IIvmg In complete 
Insdnlty III the wor ld of non a)fCOrSIIS? (5113) 

POSHlon open: Filth ReSidence Lite special 
programs intern. ReferraVapphcatlon at Career 
Services Due 5124. (5113,5123) 

Alpha Kappa Psi congratulales Don Leonhardl, 
Nu X,'S roclp,ent 01 the key award lor scholastiC 
excellence and dediCation. GoOd JOC Don i (5113) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4 -cyl. $29.99 
6 ':'cyl. $39.99 

• AIC Service $25,99 ' 
• Coolant Serv.ce $25.99' 

• TransmISSion Service $24.99' 
• Brake Specldl (1 axle) 579.99" 

• most C<lrs 

C Be D Aut o Care 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

I 

, I 

• 

.. 



22 SPO RTS 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 24 

The opener was an offensive 
di saster for the Tritons. UCSD 
collected nine hi ts, but left I I 
tranded on ba e on its way to 

scoringju t one run. Pam Harna k 
was 3 for 4, and Melis a Maz.anet 
went 2 for 3 with a run scored. 
Mazanet cored on an RBI s ingle 
by Dana Chaiken in the sixth in-
ning. 

Second-team All-Region pitch-
er Dianna Moreno (9-8) staned the 
game for the Tritons, but she was 
rocked for I I hit and ix run and 
replaced by sophomore Kim 
Stutzman after four innings . 
Stutzman closed out the rest of the 
gameandgaveupjusttwohit .but 
the damage had already been done. 

Moreno took the loss, while 
Rene Maxwell got the win to up 
her record to 12-6. 

Simpson (2 1-12) was led by 
second baseman Tracy Frasher who 
went 3 for 4 with an RB I and a run 

M. TENNIS 
Continued from page 24 
- and then cruising to victory. 
Beattie di spo ed of Tony 
Bacigalupi 6-1, 6-2 in the econd 
and third set to roll to the win. The 
only los in ingles for UCSD came 
at number ix ingles. where MIT' 
Jay Muelhoefer blitzed Vern 
Yarnell 6-2. 6-4 . 

" We had some tournament jit-
ters [in the beginning), but we 
turned it around," said As i. tant 
Coach Tim Ditzler. noting that 

scored. indy Walters and ikki 
Pena each went 2 for 4. 

The lack of offensive produc-
tion , and an uncharacteristically 
poor outing by Mo reno, meant that 
the Triton had to confront ~imi­
nation from the regional in the 
form ofthenumbertwo team in the 
nation - Central. Apparently, not 
even that was enough to scare the 
offen e into gear. 

Instead, their offensive woes 
got even worse. UCSD had numer-
ous opportunities, including a 
bases-loaded, no-out ituation in 
the fourth inning, but till failed to 
put a run acro s. 

Still, the Triton ' defen e kept 
Central (38-6) off the scoreboard 
until the ixth inning. Kathy Fogg 
(8- 10). who urrendered only five 
hit in the game. wa pitching with 
Central center fielder Tera Twit on 
second when he s peared a 
comebacker to the mound. Fogg, 
however, threw wildly to fi r t, and 
as her throw dribbleJ into right 
field , Twit scored Central ' only 

UCSD dropped the fir T et in ea h 
of its firs t three matche . 

UCSD wasn't 0 fortunate in 
the doubles competition, takingjust 
one of the three matches. At num-
ber one doubles, Belloli and Chris 
Emery ra ed to a 6- 1 victory in the 
first set against Peng and Walpole, 
but the pair from MIT came back 
to take the final two ets 6-4, 7-5. 

According to Ditzler, Emery 
wa a last-minute substitution for 
Bethard who reinjured hi calf. 
"We' ll find out what his status is 
[today]." Ditzler said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

run o f the game. 
Fogg ' error was the only on 

the Tritons recorded over both 
games, but it was the mistake that 
Head Coach Melissa Jarrell feared : 
"I knew that it would be a clo e 
game and that one run would win 
it. Kathy pitched excellent the 
whole day, just one mistake the 
whole game, but that was the mis-
take they needed." 

Fogg took the loss. and Jaime 
Mahnke got the win to up her record 
to 22-3. Two individual stars did 
hine during the tournanlent for 

UCSD. Hanlackaccounted for one-
third of the Tritons ' offen e , going 
4 for60verthe two game . Catcher 
Tere a Swickla wielded a rifle be-
hind the plate , gunning down three 
Central runners on the day. 

Jarrell eemed Ie s-than taken 
aback by the Tritons' difficulties: 
hI knew our weake t point was 
going to be hitting - the last part 
of the regular sea on it was a prob-
le m. The playoffs are do-o r-die, 
and we just couldn' t pull it out." 

Beanie and Mor e notched the 
Tritons' lone doubles win, down-
ing Bacigalupi and Photiades 6-2, 
6-4 at number two double . 

At number Three doubles, Cross 
and Yarnell lost a heartbreaker in 
the first et 7-6 (7-5), bUT then 
came back to take the econd 6-2. 
Bhatia and Muelhoefer, however, 
outlasted them in the final set 6-3. 

The Tri tons now face the Ba-
nana Slugs, who defeated UCSD 
6-3 on March 30. AT the time. 
UCSC was the top-ranked team in 
the country . 

Monday, May 13,1991 

New Courses ia Philosophy 
Fall, 1991 

Pbilosophy 18S: pecial Topics: Paradoxes. 

Is it possible that you could travel in time? That you could lrllvel 
into the past? That you could kill your grandfather before your 
parents had been conceived? Such questjons suggest a paradox. 
This course will look losely at a number of paradoxes thaI arc 
both fun to ponder and also lead into some of the deepest questions 
about ourselves and our world Students will be invited to consider 
whether a line can be made out of dimensionless points (how can 
you make something out of nothing?), whether there can be mean-
tngful statements that declare their own falsehood, whether a 
tea her can announee that there will be a surprise examination 
during the next week, whether you can make a heap by starting 
with one grain of sand and adding one at a time (when does it be-
come a heap?). The goal will be to show how philosophy can treat 
precisely questions that initially appear intractable . 

Instructor: Philip Kitcher 
MWF - 12-12:50 

Philosophy 140: Contemporary European Philosophy 

This year, Philosophy 140 will concentrate on the fate of Enlight-
enment notions of rationali ty in the European tradition. En lighten-
ment philosophers viewed the rise of modem science as the triumph 
of reason over dogmatic religion and superstition. They claimed 
that progress in science and technology would have a strongly pos-
itive impact on society and that the application of scientific methods 
to society itself would automatically lcad to human happiness and 
social and political justice. Despite some clear successes. the en-
croachment of technjcal science on society and the resu lting rise of 
bureaucratic contro l has been seen as a threat by many. By the late 
nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the progressive vision of 
modem society which arose in the Enlightenment seemed to lead to 
a society divided by class, to machines of mass destruction, and to 
alienation and a loss of meaning and value . We will survey several 
attempts to diagnose why the progressive ideal of modemjsm has 
been problematic (Marx, Arendt, Weber, Ma rcuse) and debate 
whether we should redefine and extend the Enlightenment project 
(Habennas) or fight against it (Foucault) . 

Instructor: David Stump 
MWF - 11-11:50 

For more infonnation, call Gale at 534-3070. 

YOU SAW THIS. SO WILL OTHERS. 
Advertise in the UCSD Guardian 

534-3466 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ l~e~1 I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

Sun Gods . Eucalyptus . Third Dorms . Chancellor 
Atkinson . Stonehenge . Tri tons . Central. Muir 
• Mac's Place . The Guardian. ISIS • Water Polo 
The Price Center . Construction • The Jolt Guy 

"C" Mitsubishl Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
1. SpaJk plugs Our rune up,ncIudes a /01 mofe tlI8n olhers # mludes' 
2 DlStnbutor POllltS 6 Ctean & replenISh . 1 Ourd & OIt tevets 10. Check undercarriage for damages 
3 Condensers 7 Check brat-es 1 1. Check coohng system & hoses 
4 Adfust ttmlng 8 Check clutch 12. Road test 
5. Adjust dweU a'lgle 9. Check lights 

,c~~:~oint ~~j,?!.!e!~s~~eCial l'!~~· 
2. Valve adjuSlmef.: 11 AdjUSl tlm'ng 21 Check & replenISh aH 28. Chedl and recharge 

Replace 12 AOjust dwen "I '\lIe flud and OIJ levels battery. If necessary 
3 V.lve COVel gasket 13 AdJuSl carburetor 22 Check etelncal system 29. Rotate bras (II needed) 
4 Spruk plugs 14 Adjust sleenng box 23 Check for loose or lost 30. Chedl nre Plessore 
5. D,slnbutor porns 15. AdJus aor & lueJ rauo m" bolts 31 . Lube door hInges 
6 Condensers. 16. Adjust clutch 24 Check brakes 32. Checl< all holders 
7. Aor finer. t 7. Adlust brakes 25 Check clUlch 33. Check cooi ng syslem & 
8. 001 flltel. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26 Chedl lights hoses 
9 Gas hlter. and 19 Check & adjust exposed 27. Check .-,der ... "age for 3-4. Check exhaust system 
1 0 EngIne o~ belts damages 35. Road test 

20 Lube Ironl end 

~. F~6~WW tc~O~pi~i; CnI2~t~8hkj;b $169 * 
Were,iace 

1 TransmISSIon Input shan seal lexeep: 4 Throwout bearlllg Nole Hydraulic parts are not covered. 
Honoos 5. Pilot berulngS ot lor 4WD. Front wheel drIVe extra. 

2 Pressure plate 6. New ~ansmlSSlOn 011 . 
3 Clutch dISC 7 Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 "(reg $80) 
Front or feJf 9fJke pO /IlCIudes 

I 'nslall SpeCIal new pads or Install rear brake shoes 5 Bleed ent,re bra,e system 
2 Dram Old bra,e IiUld 0. AdjUSt front (II ci1Jmsl and rear shoes 
3 .ns,>eet complele hydraulic system - Replace front ralor seals (If rOiOl turn) 
4 Refill ~ drauhe IkJod 8 Road test 
Nor. H)'l'auloC paltS ar,nol_ 

Brand new parts, Ask about our special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2·year or 20,OOG-mile limited warranty. 

All prices Include parts and labor. 

••••• ++. 

('most cars) 
8008 Miramar Rd. 695-1990 

W,th thIS ad. Expires May 18, 1991 . 
1,,811 for appotntment. 

TOWing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7.30 am·6 pm. Open Saturday 

UCSD STUDENTS HAVE BEEN 
MISSING ONLY ONE THING 

Tht L ' • . rs, t) 'tl.l l ~ .. .... O ~ .. I' fur, ildnq lh best u every· 
h ~g , ,(,·ot .i ootba' ! a" oc,·. has ! all Becau e 

R ,0;0";' S,1f' 0 uS f~h(l! ' t' e,1Ja'stlj,' e;u . ~ 'S "0;, n t p 
r .... \\ P r'lJ:SSt1r'1c.e T(,; ~"' '' t~ Ct'r lIt.: l.SI S~l: Pt1'5t v! L H .. , 

CO"'~ ie,]q on Ou' 'J l"Ol'~ F so lJ C; "S.lO lias 
C,Hn :.1'S B ... rrll ~ Sa:ao ' .. t \. Cd'1J al'u SC "lUcno more ~"ie 

t~~t?f1 n.f cole (-r...~l.-1'S fJI (,)Il P lh't S (I 'TII,.iSt With 

4 ,A , ~lAl.l DR • 

Located at the Renaissance Towne Centre (just southeast 01 UTC). 
8935 Towne Centre Dr. - 453- 1666 - Open Everyday 10:00 am - 11:00 pm 

In Miss ion Bay. SOSU, Pacific Beach, Chula Vista, Encinitas. 
San M arcos. Pomt Lorna. EI Cajon. Kearny Mesa. Jack 

Murphy StadIUm. and now in The Golden Tnangle. 
Coming soon to Orange County (Tustin & Irvine). 

Monday, May 13, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Wednesdays at 6: 30 pm 
Price Center, Third Floor Conference Room 
All students are Welcome!!! 

GOODFELLAS 
Thursday, May 16, 6:30, 9:00, 11 :30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $LOO 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
WHO INVITED US? and MAURICE 
Friday, May 17, 7:00pm 
Faustina Solis Hall Room 107 
FREE 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, May 15,5:00 pm 
Price Center, Berkeley Room 

UNDERGRADUATE PHYSICS RESEARCH CENTER 
GENERAL MEETING 
Tuesday, May 14,5:00 pm 
3405 Mayer Hall 

OPENIGS FOR ASSISTANT STUDENT ADVOCATE 
POSITION!!! 

Last chance to apply for positions such as Student Is ue 
Coordinator is this Wednesday, May 1~, 4:30 pm. Contact Monica 
Copado at 534-4450 for more information. 

'\ \ T I \ E \, I E I{ I (' \:'\ S T l . I) F :'\ T . \ L L L\ N (' E 
l P(,()'II~(; E\ EyrS 

ay 14,7:00 pm, Price Center Theatre, 
"AN EVENING OF NATIVE AMERICAN ARTISTS" 

An Art Performance by James Luna. A poetry Reading with 
ohn Trudell. And, Comedy with Charlie Hill. All artists are nationally 

own and respected. 

ay 16, 9:00 am, Undergraduate Science Building, 
"1st ANNUAL NATIVE AMERICAN YOUTH 

APPRECIATION DA Y" 

ay 16, 11:45 am, Price Center 
Beginning Procession at the Price Centerto Revelle Stonehenge. 

ere will be members/representatives from four Native American 
ations who will present their traditional dances and songs. 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 565-9569 OR 488-9363 

DON'T JUST SIT THERE!!! JOIN THE A.S. 
PUBLIC RE.LATIONS COMMITTEE!!! 

You can help make flyers and posters, publish 
_..-0 .... _ •• or even goof around with theA.S , Cart!! ! All 
to do is come to the meeting on Thursday, 6:00 pm, 

Commissioner of Public Relations Office (3rd 
Center) and we'll start from there!! ! 

more infonnation contact Randolph at 534-4450 or 55 
!!! 

This Newsflashes is produced by the ASUCSD. Use a request fonn to place an advertisement. 
Ads are subject to availabil ity of space. Deadline is every Wednesday a noon for the following 
Monday paper. Drop off and pic up of all Newsfl ashes forms are to be done with the AS 
Secretary -- Third Floor Price Center. Call 534-4450 for more info. 

23 

-

-



-4 PORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER / PHIL GRUEN 

Attitude and All, 
Rickey Can Play 

OT MANY BASEBALL FANS 
liked it much when 
Oakland A's left lelder 

Rid,ey Hender n broke Lou 
Brock' career re rd fo r Molen 
ase" u couple of week ago. The 

incIdent, as it turned out , was 
overshadowed by 44-year-old 

olan Ryan 's career-be t sevellfh 
10 hItle r on the same day. For 
many fan, II wa ju. t ru. well. 

When Hender ' on made a 
lean sWIpe 01 third ba~e again t 
he ew York Yankees, 
Ilender 'on yanked the base fr m 
Its earthy tren he ... and held it 
.loft fo r all to sec. In a show of 

as. Il' t"lra!!gad CIO that on ly 
kllde rson bas pertech:d. he 
ruceeued to e I I his own 
lI1ues via a microphone 

"re!>ented to him n the field: 
'Lou Brod \~as certainly a great 

1St: stealer. bu t I day r am the 
: reate l of all lime." 

U :-; .\LLED FOR, but certainly true. Henderson was ripped 
' Il the press nati nwide for his 
vards. Jnd he probnbly dl'!-.erved 
t. If Ryan pitcheJ a no-hiller, 

you'd be hanJ-pre!-.sed to hear 
him say someth ing like: "Walter 
Johnson threv. hard, and Cy 
'oung \\ns prcll:-- good. I . Bur 
he~e days, II b d;- can touch 

me. I'm the best there \!\Cf wa ." 
Hel l. sometime" It 's hard to even 
:;ct Ryan 10 admit he's a good 
mtcher. leI alone nl' of the 
"reatest. 

But when ~ ou re llt:aling with 
{lcke:-- HemJers n, II's an 
'nllrdy different stor}. I-act hiS, 
11 pee h at third base really 
nouldn't haveurpri. ed an:---
, d:--. \\ hat IWlIId have been 
II rismg IS If Hender. l n said 
oml'thing like: "I accel't thi!, 
'~.reer record with rcluuance I 

utd n\,:vcr ha\ l' b~ci1 abk to 
tell thiS man) b<l.e; with ut the 
upport ot 111_ manager.. the 
'atlellt.:e uf Illy tt':lnllnates. and 

fl rt of the 
h • ou all 

SPO TS 
The U D Guardian Monday, Ma 13 1991 

o Serves -3 Viet ry 
• Men's tennis disposes of MIT in first round 
of the national championships at Claremont 

day in the econd round. 

lineup after a prolonged ab ence 
due to a tom calf mu cle. Bethard 
dropped the fir t et again t Alan 
Walpole 6- .... at number three 

U SD took five of the " ix 
si ngie matche en route to 
Sunday ' win. The Triton were 
led by number one player Chad 
Morse, who dropped the fir t et to 
Alexis Pholiade 6-, but came 
back to take the final two et ,and 
themalch, 6-3, 7-5. At numbertwo 

IOgle , but came back to lake the 

tenni team ad-
vanced to the sec-
ond round of the 
NCAADlvi ionill 

malch 6-4, 6-4. John Cros 
truggled to a 7-5 win in the fir t 

'et again t Ken Peng, and then 
breezed to a 6-1 victory in the 

Guardtan File Phol~ 
National hampion hips by 
prevailing 6-3 over MIT ye -
terday afternoon in Claremont. 

The Tri ton WIll face ec-
ond- 'eeded U Santa Cruz to-

ingles, Chris Belloli walloped 
Manish Bhatia 6-1, 6-4. 

econd et to take the match at 
number four ingles. At number 
five ingle ,Brian Beattie contin-
ued the Tri ton ' pattern of strug-
gling in the fi r t set - losing 6-3 

Chad Morse beat Alexis Pho-
tiades 3-6, 6-3, 7-5 for one of 
UCSO's five singles wins. Jeff Bethard retu rned to the See M. TENNIS, Page 22 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Susan Christy fintshed third in the high jump with a mark of 5'3 n at the CCAA meet. 

~rgeant, Quigley First at CCAA 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
AsSOCIate Sports Editor 

Appearance!> can often be deceiving. 
II appear:, that CSD's track and field team 

had a po r perf Ilnance at the California Colle-
giate Athletic iation' (CCAA) confer-
en e meet in Baker field - the men placed fifth 
and the women third. But the realit} \ a n 't that 
bad at all. 

The Tnton broke threechool re ords, quali-
tied one more for the national meet. and took 
fir t 111 f ur event ' - all this in CSD' fir t 

appearance a the sole Divi ion III track pro-
gram in one of the toughe t Divi ion II confer-
ence meets in the country. Although not a mem-
ber ftheCCAA, UCSDwa invitedtocompete 
a an as ociate member in the annual conference 
competition. 

"We were pleased with the perfonnances 
overaJl,"HeadCoachMarkStanforth aid. "Both 
the men's and the women's teams scored more 
points than we would have projected going into 
the meet" 

See TRACK, Page 17 

Tritons Ousted 
From Regional 
• Softball hits the skids on 
offense and loses 6-1 to 
Simpson, 1-0 to Central 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

When the UCSD oftball team 
lifted off from Lindbergh Field 
for the first round of the 1 CAA 
Division III tournament. it ap-
peared to be in good shape. The 

Tritons had 10 t Just two Divi ion III game 
all year. They were a battle-te ted team, chock 
full of experience against Division I and II 
opponents, nd they were a veteran quad, 
unlikely to fold with the game on the line. 

But something happened between San 
Diego and Pella, Iowa, the site of the West 
Regional. Somewhere along the way, they 
jetti oned their game, and in tum, their sea-
son. 

In the first game of the regional at the 
Kuyper Complex, second- eeded L'CSD dried 
up offensively and lost 6-1 to third-seeded 
Simpson (IA). Facing elimination from the 
regional , UCSD (21-22) still couldn't 
jumpstart the offense and fell 1-0 to top-
eeded Central (IA). 

See SOFTBALL, Page 22 

Women's Tennis Hoping Youth is in the Cards 
Sophomore Robyn Inaba 

and senior Janet Whalen 
form one of the best 
doubles teams in the nation 
By Brian Itow 
Semor Staff Wnter 

up,RoBy'Inabacamet U SO 

aul N"rqulst'Gt,;ardlan 
-he team of Robyn Inaba and Janet Whalen 
above) is UCSO:S iOp ope fo(individual honors. 

• Preview: The Tritons are 
bringing a young team to 
nationals but the field in 
Atlanta is undistinguished 
By Les Bruvold 
ASSOCIate Sports Editor 

If the hI tory of the UCSD 
women' tenOi team is any 
indication, the Tritons 'hould 
e 111 the running for theIr 

fourth DiviSIOn III national 
champion hip in nine years and their fifth 
'on:ecutive top-three national t1nish. 

ut that, a!. they say, is histOry . 
• fortunately. the Tritons 12-6) are 

i h ut the ervices of our-time 11-
\rnerican Christme Behrens tillS time 

around, nd only three of the ei ht v Ity 
laver' rna 'ing the In Eaq for the 

w men's lenni l C DIVl 1< n III 1 a-
I nal mpion nip have • nJ 

I n playing e. penence, 
;\lith that in mind, you mighr be quick 

ee PREVIEW, Page 19 


