
University of Califomia, 
San Diego 

BRIEFLY ••• 
-UC Freezes Raises 

In Executive Pay 
In re~ponse to the ~tate's 

serious budget . hortfaJl, the 
UC Regenl~ voted to freeze 
all salruies for the UC 
president, all chancellor!>, 
and other senior executives 
and managers next year. 

Acting on UC President 
David Gardner's recom-
mendations, the regents 
agreed at their meeting at 
UCLA on June 21 that all 
members of UC's executive, 
management and profes-
sional programs whose 
annual salaries are $90,000 
or above won't be eligible 
for merit increases. 

About 500 employees 
will be subject to the 
limitation. 

Based on the Universi-
ty's 1991-92 state budget a 
currently proposed in 
Sacramento, neither faculty 
nor taff will receive co t-
of-living increases next 
year. 

In February, the UC 
announced a plan to save 
$295 million in opemting 
funds, actions which 
included deferring academic 
salary merit increases by !>ix 
months, to Jan. I, 1992. The 
move is expected to save 
$1 1.8 million. 

INSIDE ••• 
FEATURES 

Women in Science 
How many women are 

involved in the research 
sciences? If you guessed a 
high number, try again. 
After years of women's lib 
and affirmative action, the 
number of women scientists 
and women Ph.D.s is still 
low. Is it the "Old Boys 
Club" syndrome, or do 
women lack good role 
models? /PAGE 5 

Summer Movies 
Ever since "Star Wars" 

and "Jaws," summertime 
has been the prime time for 
movies. This year is no 
different. So grab your 
bow-and-arrow and strap on 
your jet pack as the GlIard-
ian takes a look at the 
cinematic hits and misses of 
Sununer 199I/PAGE 8 

INDEX 
Opinion .................... 4 
Features ................... 5 
ArtsjEntertalnment .... 8 
Classlfieds ............. 12 

DIA MONDAY July 1,1991 Summer Issue #1 ,. \."~ 
city Council Retums 
Booze Ban to Shores 
• Local merchant ugge t that nfor em nt, 
not new legislation, can curb beach problenl 
By Ben Boychuk 
Contributing Editor 

First it was on, then it was off, 
and now it's on again. 

The San Diego City Council 
voted on June 10 to adopt an 
emergcncyordinan ewhichbans 
alcohol from p.m. to 8 a.m. on 
city beaches stretching from Sun-
et Cliffs park to the southern 

boundary of Torrey Pines State 
Seach. 'The new ordinance also 
imposes a 24-hour ban at La Jolla 
Shores Beach, the Mission Sea h 
Boardwalk, the boardwalk adja-
cent to Ocean Beach Pier, and 
various park throughoullhe city. 

The new ord inance comes less 
than two months after the city 
council voted to repeal a law 
which imposed a 24-hour ban at 

all city beachcs and parks. The pre-
vious ban was lifted aft er oppo~i­
tion gr ups, !>u h a~ the Pe pie to 
Ban the Ban. financed by local alco-
hol distributers. !.ubmittcd a pCli-
tion containing the .. i gnature~ofo er 
45,000 registered voter), . which 
would have required the city to hold 
a special electi n within the nex t II 
months to decide the issue. 

The new ordinan e, described 
by Counc ilmember A bbe 
Wolfsheimer a!. a way t "reclaim 
our bea he .. from gangs and row-
dies, was approved by a 6- 1 ote, 
with Mayor Maurecn O'Connor 
opposed and two councllmcmbe rs 
absent. Wolf~heimer, who edistrict 
includes UCSD, likened the situa-
tion at the beaches to "our own war 
on our own gul f," and sa id , " it' s 

• 

Police ollicers l i /.. e '" l' olle ohm '£' lI'il/ OIlCl' ago ill l'lIj(JI"(,(' '"l' /)oo:l' hall 
time to make the beaches safe for Williams. "thepolice ucpanment 
everybody." and the lifeguanls have reponed 

ccording to city officials, reac- that problems have been ~ignifi­
tion to the new ordinance from c iti- cantly reducell ," since the new 
zens and police has been largely regul ati ns went intoeffectth n:e 
favorable. According t the Park weeks ago. 
and Rec reati on Department 's "All of the calb and reports 

oa!o tal Di vision Director Te rri See BEACH, Page 3 

1991-92 Parking Fees Will Rise by 13.6, 14.3 Percent 
• Campus parking meter costs will double; Staff 
and faculty can renew at old rate until July 31 
By Mary Betty Heard 
Contflbuting Editor 

Sometimes it seems like the cost 
of living on and around UCSD has 

-almost been exceeded by the price 
of parking on campus. 

Sut while Vice Chancellor of 
Business Affairs Steve Relyea has 
approved raising the price of park-
ing for all members of the UCSD 
community, Relyea's action are a 
compromise that raises ba ic permit 
prices by the smalle t increment 
suggested by two different parking 
proposals, rather than choosing one 
over another. 

With the new parking rates, stu-
dents purchasing the basic "S" park-
ing permit will pay a $75 quanerly 

or 300 yearly Me. 
Staff member.-. will pay 384 

annually, and fac ulty member~ wi ll 
p.IY $420 per year to park on cam-
pus. Reserved parking will cO),t $70 
per month. 

This is an increa:.e of $3 per 
month for student parking, 8 per 
month for reserved parking, and 4 
per month for faculty and staff park-
ing. 

The new pennit prices go into 
effect today. However, due to de-
lays in notifying staff and faculty 
who will be renewing permits, 1990-
91 "A" and "S" permits and pennit 
prices will be extended to July 31 . 

All renewals after July 31, how-
See PARKING, Page 9 

Suspected Clairemont Killer 
Will Face Sept. 30 Hearing 
• Oeophus Prince Jr. charged with murder 
of five women, including UCSD student 
By Jason Snell 
Contributirw Editor 

Oeophus Prince Jr., the man 
suspected of killing five women, 
including one UCSD student, 
faced court arraignment in San 
Diego on June 17 on counts of 
murder, burglary, rape, battery, 

andi~texposure. 
Prince, 23, pleaded not guilty 

to aU counts. Municipal Judge 
Patricia Cowen scheduled a pre-
liminary hearing for Sept. 30. 

Prince arrived in San Diego 
onJunc 14 after months of fight-
inl extradition in Binningham, 
Alabama, where he was arrested 
on Merdt 3. Prince's face was 
hidden from photographers until 
hecould fDa police lineup prior 
to his amipment. 

Oneollhe witnesses who par-

ticipated in the line-up was Rich-
ard Williams, a maintenance 
worker who saw a man leaving 
the Clairemont apanment where 
Holly Tarr, a high school student 
from Okemos, Michigan, had 
been stabbed to death. Tarr was 
killed on April 3, 1990, in the 
midstofaspring break triptoSan 
Diego to visit her brother. 

The San Diego U"io" reported 
that DNA taken from Prince when 
he was arrested for burglary in 
February identically matches the 
DNA taken from sperm found on 
the body of murder victimJanene 
Weinhold Weinhold, a senior at 
UCSD, was killed on Feb. 16, 
1990 in her Clairemont apart-
ment.In addition to Weinhold's 
murder, Prince is also charged 

See PRINCE, Page 10 

THE RISING PRICE OF PARKING 
• CAMPUS PERMn5 Fees Increases 
"A" Faculty $420 YR./$35 MO. +$48 a year, +$4 a month 

+$48 a year. +$4 a month 
+$36 a year. +$3 a month 

"B" Staff $384 YR /$32 MO. 
"5" Students $300 YR'/$25 MO. 
"Mil Motorcycles $120 YR./$10 MO. 
HaH4Day $3 
One Day $6 
Weekly $22 
Monthly $46 
One Evening $2 
Weekends $3 per day 
Weekend Evenings $2 per night 
Evenlng/Weekend Amual $60 
EYenIrC,/Week8n QIaterIy $22 • METER 

PARKING EvenIrW/Weekend (Student) $8 
• MEDICAL CENTER PERMITS Twenty-five 

cents per 
"A" FalUtyjPhyllc:iln $540 YR'/$45 MO. fifteen minutes. 

Meters will only 
accept quarters. 

"B" Staff $420 YR./$35 MO. 
"P" PeItpheraI Lot $192 YR./$16 MO. 

Reported by Mary Betty Heard 
Source: UCSD Parking Office 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

UC Enrollment of Minority 
Groups Dropped in 1990-91 
By Jason Snell 
Contributing Editor 

A report presented to the UC 
Board of Regents in mid-June has 
found that for the first time in 25 
years, the number of African-Amer-
ica.n, Chicano/Latino, and Native 
American students at the UC ha. 
decreased. 

The report states that the number 
of underrepresented minorities who 
enrolled as freshman last fall 
dropped by 583 from the previous 
year. 

llle largest declines were among 
African-American students, with a 
decrease of 322 from 1989-90, and 
Chicano/Latinos, down 229 stu-
dents. 

While officials expressed con-
cern about the decline, they tried to 
emphasize an increase in the total 
number of underrepresented stu-
dents enrolled at UC campul>es, as 
well as gains in the number of wom-
en and minority graduate students, 
faculty, and staff. 

The report attributes the decline 
to a decrease in thenumberofappli-
cations from student in underrep-
resented groups, and a decrease in 
thenumberofstudents who chose to 
enroll after having been admitted to 
the university. 

UC Senior Vice Pres ident for 
Academic Affairs William R. Fraz-
er said that university officials are 
concerned by the enrollment de-
cline and hope it i~ an isolated ocur-
rence. 

"Nevertheless, campuses are 
considering strategies to address the 
decline,and the University will con-
tinue its efforts to attract qualified 
underrepresented minority stu-
dents," Frazer said. 

"Two challenges are clear to u ," 
he continued. "We must continue 
our work, in partnership with 
schools, to raise the eligibility rate 
of underreprel>ented groups, and to 
increase the mte at which underrep-
resented minorities participate in 

See REPORT, Page 3 



1 NEWS 1bc UCSD Guardian / s,m.J s....,.1JIlitUm Mooday, July 1, 1991 

UCSD 
CI.IIJS 
, NEWS IN BRIEF 

Over 2,500 Students Graduate 
from UCSD in June 16 Ceremonies 

More than 2,500 UCSD students panicipated in graduation ceremo-
niesonSunday,June 16. 

Muir College' graduation ceremony featured the presentation of 
diplomas to 582 graduates. Herben York, Physics professor emeritus 
and director emeritus of the Institute on Global Connict :md Ox>pera-
tion at UCSD. delivered the commencement address. 

Warren College presented diplomas to 600 graduates. TIle Warren 
commencement address was given by Ira Michael Heyman, former 
chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley, 

The third graduation ceremony at the Graduate School of interna-
tional Relations and Pacific Studies (IRIPS) featured speeches by IR/ 
PS professor Alex Kane, UCSO Chancellor Richard Atkinson. and IR/ 
PS Dean Peter Gourevitch. 58 IRIPS students were given their diplo-
mas. 

The Division of Graduate Studie granted advanced degree to 140 
students. U 0 profe sor of Chemistry and Biology Russell Doolittle 
addressed the graduates. 

Political Science profe.~sor Peter Irons led commencement ceremo-
nies at 111ird College. Third College granted diplomas to 542 tudents. 

The final commencement of the day was held at Revelle College, 
where fonnerdirectorofthe National Science FoundationJohn Slaugh-
tcr gave the commencement address. Revelle College graduated 600 
students. 

On June 9, the UCS D School of Mcdicine conferred diplomas on the 
122 member.; of its twentieth grolduating class. 

Regents Approve UCSD TV Station 
On June 21, the UC Regent accepted a permit from the Federal 

Communi OIion~ COlllmi sion to build and operate a low-power tele-
VISion Iluion UI C D. 

Uloing the call leiters K35DG, the low-power station will be an 
academIC programmll1g unit erving theelltire campu~. with program~ 

r~a ' hing aJl e~timatcd 15-25 mile radius nonh and eru.t of the campus. 
Thc lation.cheduled to begin operating in the . pring of 1992. will 

he no n-commerc ia l, el1l!aging in in tnlclioll , community outreach, and 
public ~ervice . 

"There b no imemion of compeling with [publi ' broadcasting] 
~lalions. ~ i llce mo~t of our progmml> will originate 0 11 the campus," 
U 0 Vice Chancellor or Academi Affairs Marjorie C,lseriO l>aid. 

Principal responsibility forday-I -day operation ofK~5DG will be 
held by a ~tation manager who will oversee the staff needed for its 
oper.ltioll. A program advisory panel consisting of reprCl.enlalives of 
the public, raeulty. l>tudents. and administration will be named by 

hanccllor Richard Alkinson. 
No "slUdio" wi II Ix needed forthe slat ion, since taped prognulls can 

be sent from locations throughout the campus via mi rowave link to the 
broadcast lower on Ml. Soledad. 

It is expecled that a major ponion of the funding will come from 
program underwriting, fees for continuing education courses,extramu-
ral funding, and gifts. 

UCSD Professor Wins $290,000 
MacArthur Foundation Fellowship 

Philosophy Professor Patricia ChUlchland has been named as the 
eighth UCSD faculty member to win the prestigious MacAnhur 
Fellowship from the John D. and Catherine T_ MacArthur Foundation. 

Churchland, who has received numerous awards and honors through-
out her academic career, is a leading authority .in computational 
neuroscience - a rel3lively new field in which researchers attempt to 
construct brain-based computer models of the way the brain processe 
Ihought. 

The fellow hip is a $290,000 tax-free award that is spread over a 
five-year period. The lerm of the award allow recipients to use the 
funds in any way they wish, with "no string attached." 

"This award wi II provide me with time to pursue several projects," 
Churchland aid. "The main project I want to work on is time and how 
the brain deals with temporal propenies - in perception and attention. 
in movement, in short- and long-term memol)', in making plans and 
decisions and so on." 

The Oxford-trained philosopher, who studied neuroscience at the 
University of Manitoba Medical School, has spent much of her career 
Imempting 10 link recent discoveries in neuroscience to philosophy. a 
field she has called "neurophilosophy." 

Churchland has taught at UCSD since 1984. She is one of 31 
fellowship winners nationally. and the only winner within the Univer-
sity of Califomia 'ystem. She recently coauthored the forthcoming 
book The Nfl Eflec, with Terrence Sejnow ki. a professor of Biology 
and Physics at UCSO. She and her husband. UCSD Philosophy 
Profe sor Paul Churchland, also recently published an article in Sciell-
tijic American on the topic of thinking machine . 

G'"--[AF'lCSD IAN c. ...... &arn: .I.,. v' lEN acncHUK, L'INN FAANEY,IIARY BETTY HEARD, :w'T ft n EVA JAIIIER, IEL MARCELo,..cE IIARlIEZ. ROBIN I U.. ~ _ MAa fAN, OM MCOOWELL, JAIIONSNELL 
---------------------------

r.IIariat 53W5IO. ..... a.. 5J.W.t66, ~ ~7"1 108 o.ANDREA, "".,..._::' 
UCSD GuarcIian, 9500 Gilman DIM 0316, IKHAEL FOULKS, ~ ....... 

La JoIa, CA 92093-0316 ..cE IIART1NEZ, ~ 0...-
"'"UCSD_.,-.... ............ --.. ....... ..-,.. ... _ ..... _., ........ _~IJCSD ~_ .. _ .. ..., ..... 

_ .. _., ..... __ • .....,_4.'1"1 ........ _ "'"1JC8)~ .. ~ ..... -"--n::.::.-:.::::: 
.. "'_ ...... _ .. _cIo .. ~_ ... __ "'"IJC8) __ .. -...,,~ ..... __ • 
111_ V ........ _lO_ .......... '_I_lV 

~ UC News I mOM OTHER CAMPUSES 
UC Board of Regents Appoints New Chair and VIce Chair 

Meredith Khachigian, a Southern California civic 
leader with a long record of service to public educa-
tion, was named the new chair of the UC Board of 
Regents al the board's June 21 meeting at UCLA. 

A nOfllinating commillee of regents also chose San 
Francisco attomey Jeremiah Hallisey as vice chair, 
Both selections, and all standing comminee assign-
ments for the next year, were approved unanimously 
by the board_ 

Khachigian, from San Clemente, is the third woman 
named to chair the University's 26-member govern-
ing board in it history. She will serve a year term 
beginning July I. 

A native of Visalia and a graduate of UC Santa 
Barbara, Khachigian was appointed to the board in 
1987 by Gov. George Deukmejian. Fellow regents 
selected her as viee chair of the board for 1989-90, 
During the past year, Khachigian served on the re-
gents' comminees on educational policy, grounds 
and buildings, and hospital governance. She had also 
been the board' representative on the California 
Postsecondary Education Committee. 

Hall isey, whose term as vice chair also runs a year. 

NewUCBoardofR~gfllJsChairMu~dithKhachigian 
(/¢) and Board Via Chair J~remiah Hallis~y. 
was appointed to the board in 1982 by Gov. Jerry 
Brown. Hallisey served during the past year on the 
regents' committees on educational policy, grounds 
and buildings, and oversight of the Department of 
Energy Laboratories. 

Khachigian replaces Roy Brophy, the board's 
1990-91 chair. 

'~ UCSD News I CAMPUS INFORMATION 
91 UCSD Undergraduates Initiated Into Phi Beta Kappa 

Ninety-one uc 0 undergraduates were initiated greeted by chapter members at an informal reception. 
into the Phi Beta Kappa honor society during a chapter More than 240 UCSD faculty and staff are members 
ceremony June 4 at the Faculty Club. of the society, representing their undergraduate col-

Thi year' initiate, 39 women and 52 men, lege. 
earned an average GPA of3.77, where 4.0 repre ents The criteria for selection by chapters is bused on 
straight A's. Phi Beta Kappa is generally considered rules issued by the national organization. At UCSO, 
to be the most prestigious academic honor society in all transcripts showing enrollment for at least five 
the United States. consecutivequaners, 160 unitseamed, and aGPA of 

After the ceremony, during which Professor of 3.65 or higher are screened individually. TIle faculty 
Medicine Emeritus J. Edwin Seegmiller spoke on oommittee look for excellence of academic record 
"Integrity and the Questioning Mind," initiates were and breadth and quality of courses. 
UCSD Biologist Awarded $200,000 as Pew Trust Scholar 

Christine Holt, an assistant professor of biology in 
residence at UCSD, has been named a 1991 Pew 
Scholar in the Biomedical Sciences by The Pew 
Charitable Trusts of Philadelphia. 

Holt, one of 20 researchers named this year by the 
trust, will receive a total award of $200,000 over a 
four-year period to help suppon her research. 

TIle Pew scholars, all junior faculty members at 59 
medical schools and research institutions in the United 
States, are selected "because of their outstanding 
promise in basic science or clinical research that will 
help advance human health." 

Holt, who joined the UCSD faculty in 1989, has 
been working in the field of early brain development, 
with a special emphasis on the visual system. 

"1be main problem we're looking at is how ax~s 
(long extensions of nerve cells) grow from the retina 
10 their target cells in the brain," she said. 

''1bese axons have to travel very long distances," 
Holt explained, "and we're uying to find out at the 
molecular level how they are guided along the correct 
pathways." 

In panicular, Holt is trying to determine if a 
specific class of proteins known as adhesion mol-
ecules is responsible for guiding the axons to their 
flJlal destinations in the brain. 

Holt received her Ph.D. in 1982 from King's 
College, University of London, England, and was a 
postdoctoral fellow at both Oxford University and 
UCSO. 

Guardian Staffers Receive Des~ Graphic, WrItIIW Awards 
Th~ UCSD Guardian and a number of its slaff infonnation graphics. 

members garnered top honors in three recent press In the Associat~ Collegiate Press ~ompetition, 
competitions. Collier placed first an the Page One design category 

The Guardian was honored with 12 awards in the for a Hiatus cover, whtle Quan and Marcelo placed 
Society of Newspaper Design and University of Mis- first and second, re pectively, in the Information 
souri School of Journal ism'. student newspaper de- Graphic category. Marcelo, Katherine Roe, and Quan 
sign contest, and with four awards in t'!e Associated placed first, second, and third in the lncidental/Story 
Collegiate Press' second-annual Cornputer AssiSled An category. 
Publishing Trendsetter Award competition. In addi- FormerGuardianseniorstaffwriterRandy Dotinga 
tion a Guardiall writer was honored by local San recently received a writing award from the San Diego Die~o Journalists. chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists. 

The Guardiall received the most awards in the Dotinga received a third-place award in the Dead-
University of Mi souri conte.~t. It was awarded first line News category for papers under 100,OOOcircula-
place for overall de ign, and Design Editor James lion. 'The award recognized a Guardian story about 
Collier was named "College Designer of the Year." new swe drunk driving regulations. 
Graphics Editor Jeff Quan and Associate Graphics Dolinga. who also served as the Guardian's copy 
Editor Mel Marcelo received tirstplace. second place, editor during the 1990-91 school year, is now a staff 
and honorable mention award for their work on writer at the La Jolla U,f('U newspaper. 

Mooday, July I, 1991 1bc UCSD Guardian / Special Summer &lino" NEWS 3 

BEACH: City Council brings back the ban 
ContInued from ..... 1. 
we have received from the public 
have been about 10-1 in favor (of 
the new regulations]," Williams 
added. 

Hardisonexpressed hope that the 
city council will eventually see that 
if the law is enforced in the problem 
areas, such as the parking lots and 
the boardwalks, a ban on the beaches 
and pads wi 11 become unnecessary. 

REPORT: Number of UC 
minorities takes first drop 

Wolfsheimer' chief of staff, 
Joanne Johnson, agreed with Wil-
liams' assessment. "So far, repons 
have been very positive," Johnson 
said. "A lot of people are very happy 
with [the new ordinance)." 

Others do not think so highly of 
the council's decision. 

"We're not too happy about it," 
said LindaJo Hardisonofthe People 
to Ban the Ban commiuee. 

Hardison, who is also the co-
owner of the Neighbor Savor Food 
Store in La Jolla Shores, said that 
the 24-hour alcohol ban at La Jolla 
Shores will be "tough on all mer-
chants," not just her $lore, because 
potential customers may now go to 
other beaches where they can drink 
legally. 

"We're not just losing the beer 
andwinesales,"Hardisonexpiained. 
"We're losing the chips, the soda, 
the sun-tan lotion, and so on." 

Hardison and other opponents of 
the ban have argued that such a ban 
would be unnecessary if the police 
would simply enforce ex isting laws. 
"We have always said that you can 
have responsible drinking and law 
enforcement without hurting any-
body," Hardison said. 

Johnson disagreed with 
Hardison's suggestion. 

"The problem is that existing 
laws are only effcctiveafterthe fact, 
after the fight or stabbing has al-
ready happened," she explained. 
"What this regulation does is pre-

Food store co-owller Lillda Jo 
Hardisoll says that the beach ban 
will be "tough Oil all merchallls" 

vent these things from happening." 
However, many local busines 

people are skeptical of Johnson' 
evaluation, arguing that if people 
want to drink on the beach, they will 
do so, with or without a ban. 

"It will not be easy for the p0-
lice," said Tunc Ozgur, a clerk at 
Qeri's West Liquor and Deli in La 
Jolla. "People don't care [about the 
ban] one way or the other. 

Johnson indicated that so far 
police have encountered little diffi-
CUlty in enforcing the three-week-
old law. 

Jim Campbell, a clerk at La Jolla 
Liquor:md Deli, said lhat the prob-
lem has more to do with transients 
and gangs from other pans of San 
Diego than with local beachgoers. 

'''The people who cause prob-
lems aren't from around here," 
Campbell said. "TIle people who 
cause problem rai e hell because 
they know they won't be coming 
back." 

"As long as everything is under 
control, hopefully they will see 
where the real problem areas are 
and leave the parks and beaches 
alone." Hardison said 

Hardison said that the battle 
againslthe ban is not over yet. While 
Hardison claimed that there is a 
solid basis for litigation, she indi-
cated that her organization would 
most likely not bring a legal chal-
lenge against the ban ordinance. 
"We're sick of San Diego getting a 
black eye. We don't want this city 
dragged through the mud anymore," 
Hardison said. 

Hardison said that the goal of the 
People to Ban the Ban was to make 
thepublic aware that the ban contro-
versy was "a rights issue. and not an 
alcohol issue_" 

"We would like to see more pub-
lic pressure on the city council to re-
open the beaches and parks," 
Hardison said. 

''They need to clean up the prob-
lem areas, get the abusers out. .. and 
people need to drink re pan ibly . .. 
and r think they are," he said. 

Williams indicated that, for the 
first two weeks. police have mostly 
been i suingwamingstobeachgoers 
violating the new law . 

She noted. however, that police 
will most likely begin to i sue cita-
tion this week. 

"JUSt in time for the fourth of 
July," Williams observed. 

ContInued from page 1. 
postsecondary education." 

Anthony Jemison, director of 
the UCSD Student Affirmative 
Action Program. tried to find 
e planations for the drop while 
expressing his disappointment 
with the findings. 

"It's vel)' sad that we're see-
ing a decrease in the numbers ... 
for both populations," Jemi on 
said. "It's kind of disheanening. 
in that ... lhose populations have 
been a part of the target popula-
tions both for UCSD and for the 
University of California in gen-
eral" 

Jemison cited the 40 percent 
increase in UC tudent fees a~ 
one possible reason why the nurn-
bersof wxlerrepresentedslUdents 
have gone down. 

'''The cost of attending the 
University of Califomia has in-
creased for all of our students," 
he said. "I think that's certainly 
one of the factors which has 
played very significantly in the 
decision for students from those 
populations to anend the univer-
sity." 

Jemison explained that since 
scholarship money has not kept 
pace with fee increases, some 
students who cannot afford to 
pay forschool alsodonotqualify 
for financial aid. 

He uggested that there are 
otherpos ible explanations as to 
why underrepresented students 

chooseOlherschool overthe Uni-
versity of California. 

"Oftentimes those individu-
als that have achieved extremely 
well on the SAT scores, and have 
met the a-f requirements .. . are 
eligible to attend other institu-
tions, sueh as Yale, Princeton, 
Harvard,Stanford ... and so those 
institutions, which are private, are 
in a better position to offer addi-
tional financial assistance pack-
ages, scholarships, et cetera," 
Jemison said . . "Also, some of 
those institutions, rightly or 
wrongly, have a different level of 
prestige with the name, so stu-
dents choose ... to matriculate 
elsewhere." 

"A number of students are 
choosing to matriculate at histor-
ically black universities and col-
leges," he said. "I think with the 
popularity of shows like A Differ-
elll World and The Cosby Show, 
which really play up the positive 
environment and atmosphere at 
historically black universities .. . 
have really helped sell some of 
those students on the fact that 
they can get aquality educational 
experience at those institutions." 

Jemison suggested that. in the 
future, conventional means may 
not be enough to get the numbers 
of underrepresented students back 
on an upward trend. 

"I think the university and 
UCSD are going to have to re-

See REPORT, Page 10 

FREE DELIVERY COSTA VERDE CENTER 

I 

f 

"Flowers say it best" 
~ 

starting as low as 
$28.99 
per dozen 

IlADmoNAL~ 
Arrangements 
$24.99 

and up 

HEART 
Arrangement 
$38.99 

We .peciaa- in 
uotic GfTDIIIe_nt. 
in Burg".",. ded".. 
.. 1HIl'-'a bouqwt. 

.. 101 
& SlUIiNI 
DISCOUNTS 

La Jolla CHAiGElTa 
FLOWER· -

• BASKET $~-=for 
~ 2 LOCATIONS TO SIIYE YOU 

8657 Villa La Jolla Dr, (La Jolla Village Square Mall) 
8855 Villa 1A Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
"-P& cIIIttwJ 7..,.. week· Opa dailJ ..... to t p.& 

...... IDEO GALLERY 
BIGGEST SELECTION in the area Y FREE PARKING 

New Releases: GOODFELLAS 
EDWARD SCISSORHANDS Y KINDERGARDEN COP 

GREEN CARD Y POSTCARDS FROM THE EDGE 
Coming Soon: REVERSAL OF FORTUNE 

BRING Tms AD TO RENf ONE MOVIE 
AND GET A SECOND RENfAL FREE! 

Monday thru Thursday. Expire. 7/15/91. 

8750 Genessee in the Costa Verde Center 
near the Soup Exchange .... 450-1766 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. 11 am-9 pm .... Fri.-Sot. 11 am-lOp"; 

BEING-FIT·® 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you canlt get a 
better bargain. 

-AEROBICS -NAunLUS 
-FREE WEIGH1S -UFECYCLES 
-srAIRMASTERS -REEBOK STEPS 

-PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 
- • MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 CIdremont Mesa Blvd. 
acnrnont Squcn ShoppIng c.nt.r 

(Nea lee Wads, behind Pars Sport) 
G3-929~ 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

-



4 The UCSD Guardian 

EDITORIALS 
--~-

Editnrtcl/ Board 
JASON SNELL. &hlor III Clud 
ROBIN MACLEA . Managmg Edllor 
MARY BE1TY HEARD. CIAS Edllor 
BE BOYCHUK. OpinIon Edilor 

Tit.: (feMJ G,4&Jr",.", ... p"bI, ...... -d ''''k,t! d,,"n;.he "UIIlI"" i'11h.: Ln'\("NI)' ('«(",,',fOflll-', S.an OK~ 
('OfU~nh~tWI VIC") (\(1(\-,.:111 tK'(lnrcrn: ru 'h..:flWjI'Inl) \Otcoflhcc~hwl'1.d bt~ •• n.J.an: noc 
""'( wnl'l thu:tc O( .. ~ UC llo.u!.l uf Rca;t111 Ill< ASU(,SO. nordl( (nllre GHlJr.,,. "'oiff 

I BEACH ALCOHOL BAN I 
Enforcement, Not legislation I 

The recentdeci~ion by the un Diego City Counci l to enact an 
"emergency ordinancc" restricting ul ohol con,umplion at the 
ci t y'~ beache, j u~ t goe!> 10 ~how thut once the cny government 
sets ils mind on regu lm ion. nothing - not even lhe will of the 
publil.: - C'Ul gel in' its w;ly. 

The new rc~trictions come Ic!>~ than two m nth, afler the city 
c unci l repeuled another ban. which would have im~ed a lotul 
alcohol ban at every ci ty beach and park. TIle previou~ ban wa.< 
repealt.>d uflcroppo,lIion group:, co llected the signatures of over 
45. reglstercd \OIers. requiring the ci ty to PUI the i!.Sue on the 
ballol. Although cily officiab deny thm thb new ordinan 'c b 
.. imply a m" IIl' of circumvent IIlg the referendum process. there 
can be litt Ie doubt that the ci ty council ha .. d nc ju,1 that. 

Untollullalcly. thl' new u:gulation ... m ,t likely '''oltkd 
differently enough to dude a .. uccc"ful coun challenge. But 
,,,hill: thc dt) coundllllay ha\c avoided violullng the IClIcrofthc 
law. they III ,I cen .. inly have de,ccr.lleu iI', spirit. TI,e public ha, 
ck .. rl y ,t .lled th.lt II \v;lIlh thl' ... ,ue placed on the ballot and 
(kcided uemocl.ltlc .. lly. \ hat th' cOUll'il 11;1, done" found a 
lo()phok. and l'l<:tr.lyed .l ,igniticanll)()llion of II .. cOlhtituenh. 
Thi .. C\plOllallon 01,1 tedlllical ity i, nothing Ie" thana ,lap in the 
f:lce oflhe \oling public. 

\ hile we can all .. ) I1lpUthlLC wi th Ihe reslucnt .. ofth scarea, 
\"hich ha've c'Perknced problem, due to drun\..en rowdie, and 
vanda". thele I, a higher prinCiple at Ma"c here. 'l" well .. s a 
pr;\.:tlc;11 solullon "hlch. with a little cooper:llion. can satisfy :111 
p.1I11~' cOlll·ern~d . \VIMt the city should do"b the People to Ban 
Ih~ B;III havc "ugge,ted. "concentrutc on the ,o-called "prob-
lem" arC.h: the par"ing lots and the boardwalb. TIle city need~ 
tl1lx:crup police cnforcement arounu these areas after du .. ". and 
,t'1I1 L karing out the tr'U1sients. Ilopefully after ~ix months. we 
\\ III ,~~ ~oll1e illlpr vement. ' 

Tile beachgocrs \ ho wi,h to drin" need to - above .. II ebe 
- dnn" le~poll'ibly. and en uragc those arounu them to drink 

re~polbibly as \IIell. In short. they need to police their 0\ 11. The 
on ly way to keep \ hal b e~~elllially u privilege (and nOl a righ t. 
a .. th.:: Peopk 10 Ban the Ban argue) i~ to prove that one can 
1ll.lIlage ,uch .. privilege is..:!y. 

GoVel11l11cnt regulation. of any ~ 11 . is unpleas .. nt and should 
be severely SCllJtinizcd. If the people of an Diego want to ban 
al 'ohol in its beaches and parks. they will decide in June. 1992. 

UC REGENTS REPORT 

Alarming Admission Trends 
TIle politics of numbers are un illierestinl,; Ihing. Only in govem-

ment - or. in this case. the university bureaucracy - will you ever 
hear about "progress" in the face of decline. Case in point: the recent 

I~velation from the University of Califomia thut the number of 
Afticl.Ul-AmeriC:U1. Native American. Chicano. ruld Latino students 
enrolling in the UC system hJS taken a shurp downwum lum in the 

Ia.~t year. Nevertlleless. the UC Regents repon "steady progress in the 
University of Culifomia's affimlUtive action elfons." 

According 10 lhe universily. the number of underrepresented 
studenl has increased by 159.4 perce-nt in Ihe last 15 years. 
However. the UC also repons that the numberofunderrepresent-
ed students who enrolled as freshmen lasl fall dropped by 583 
from the previous year. with the largest decline among African-
American and Chicano/Latino students. 

The trend, up until now. has been positive, a' the university 
suggests. The UC has put subslanlial amounts of lime. money. 
and effon into uttracting minorily students. But clearly, as these 
new figures seem to suggest,lhe trend may be changing. The UC 
may have to face the possibility that its current programs for 
allracting underrepresented students may no longer be adequate. 

It goes without saying that the UC system and UCSD must 
remaincommined to the programs it already 1\.15 in placetoallr.tet 
minority sludenls. But, as Siudent Affirmative Action Coordina-
tor Anthony Jemison sugge ts, it is imperative Ihat the university 
go beyond what it has already done. looking for creative ways of 
attracting ~tudents, informing them about what this university 
has to offer. and turning those numbers around. 

July 1991 

COMMENTARY 

Tearing Down the Media's Mystique 
• There i no evil plot by journalists to control the minds of America 

Country BobSmith i~ si lting out in his tmile rin the 
middle of Kan~a,. watching Peter Jenning~ on the 
TV. And he's mUllering under his breath. "Damned 
Canadian libeml"lantin ' the-news in his libera l way." 

Carrie Jones sit~ in her apan-
ment in ew York City and 
watches the same broadcast. "He-
gemony," she says. "There goes 
the media. pushing their right-
\IIing agenda again." 

some/hill,£{. lI'e' re suddellly "choosing /lle lIell's /OSll il 
Ol//' l'iel1's. 

What my argument with my parenls came down to 
was this: there are people out there in America's 

Heartland (whereverthatmay be, 
but il' s llOt us. nosir) who believe 
everything Ihey see and read. And 
because of that, news media have 
way 100 much power. 

Meanwhile.ut ABC headquar-
ters. a hundred people are running 
around likecruzy. trying tOput out 
Ihm night·snewscast. Chances are, 
they' re IlOt thinking of some lib-
emll>lant, und Ihey' re not pushing 
a right-wing agenda. They' re just 
trying to get out "the new" -
whmever tha! is. 

JASON SNELL 

Agreed. The news media a/'e 
t1awed - because they are com-
prised of individual people with 
limited resources and limited time. 
They can't do il all. They miss 
things. If they don 't kllOwenough 
.. bout a subject, they have 10 put 
their complete trust into their 
sources - and if their sources are 

Wherever you go. al every level. the media are 
always assailed I rom both sides of the fence. There's 
only one thing that these people agree on-Ihemedia 
are biased. They don't report everything. and they 
don 't repol1 it uccumtely. 

They're right,too. 
The problem is this: for every Country Bob Smith 

and Carrie Jones out there. there seem 10 be five 
people who imply sit down in front of the television 
or read the newspapers and accept all the infonnation 
given to them. Even Country Bob and Carrie prob-
ably do. at times. 

And that's the problem. The media lW'..n't a prob-
lem, really - they're victims of thCir own mystique. 
Because most of the pcopIe out there wiD blindly 
accept everything given to them (heU, ifit'sonTV or 
in the paper, it musl be true), the media wield enor-
mouspower. 

When [ wenl home for a week immediately after 
the school year was over, one of the first conversa-
tions [ had with my parents involved the media. My 
father made a comment about how "the socialists 
control the news media." Jennings, Ralher, Brokaw 
- they're all liberals. Socialists. 

And I !\hook my head.. being a good Conununica-
tion major and all. "No, Dad, " (told him. "Whatever 
the personal beliers of those people. they don't tailor 
the news to push a particular agenda. " 

An argument ensued. as you might have guessed. 
Their son had, after all, been poisoned with the 
thoughts of his liberal. socialist professors. 

I had to explain it to them: You Ut, J work on a 
n('wspaINr ,folks, and I know whol g(NS Off Q/ placa 
/ikt' ,hal. Tllt'y' rt' just mod(' up 0/ a bunch 0/ /Hopll', 
Irying to put out a IIt'Wspo/Nr lM'ict' a K·t't'k. That's all. 
W (' don't //Ol'l' liIM 10 slOIII s/oril's. SUI if Wl' miss 

wrong, or try to mislead lhe re-
poner, the reponer may not even know it. 

What's the solution? [ don't know. The news 
media Willl/fl'e/' be perfect. They Willl/Cl'er please 
everyone, and they willl/t'va be able to cover every 
event. And even iflhey did, people wouldn 't read all 
Ihat inrormation - they'd want someone to select 
what was important for them, and bias creeps in again. 

The best we cando, perhaps, is to try and teardown 
lhe mystique that has sprung up around oursources of 
infonnation. The Los Angeles Timt's is not based in 
heaven, with archangels for editors and cherubs for 
copyboys. 

Neither is it a factory where opium is produced 10 
dull the minds of the American people while a group 
of (you name 'em, conservatives. liberals. socialists, 
communists, fascists) plots the compIeIe takeover of 
the planet. 

It's a bunch ofpeoplejustlikt'youondmt. FalJible 
people. People who don't know everything there is 10 
know about every subject, People working on dead-
lines, with specific tasks to perfonn. People looking 
forward to the weekend, to a baseball game. 10 
Friday's Ril Date. 

It'sthcsame .. ABCNews,NBC,CBS.CNN, Tlrt 
Son Ditgo Union. the La Jol/a Light, Tht llCSD 
Guardian. Just people, uying their best. 

I might even go so far _ to say that most a:cusa-
lions of purpQU/"/ media bias IIR wrong. Nobody 
(weJl. no journalist that ( have t'Vl'r met) intends to 
write a slanted article. But sometimes those journal-
ists will miss things- and those misses will mate the 
story look biased. 

I can honestly say that ( have never seen media 
coverage of any group which I belonged to that was 
lOCally accurate. Oh. su~. the~ would be inteleSting 

s.e,.....,p.a 

July 1991 Speeial Sum mer Editio1l The UCSD Guardian 5 

ScIEN IIRC SEXISM? 
• Sexual discrimination may continue to impede the progress of women in the research sciences 
By Mary Betty HNnI 
Contributing Eoito; 

T he women's movement of the 1 970sopened fields of employment that had 
always been silently 

closed to most women. Women who 
were once denied acces:.to powerful 
university telescopes now develop 
and haveexclusivecontrolovercom-
ponents for the Hubble Space Tele-
scope. Married women scientists are 
no longer barred from teaching in the 
same department as their husbands. 

But while the scientific commu-
nity made these advances, it kept one 
foot in a social dark age. According 
to the New York Academy of Sci-
ences, about 10 percent of scientists 
and engineers in 1920 were women. 
Fifty-seven years and seveml trips to 
the moon later. the percentage of 
women in the science workforce had 
not changed. II wasn't until 1989 that 
the number of women in science and 
engineering was recorded as having 
risen to about 20 percent. 

Why are there so few women 
scientists? Some speculate that it is 
the time commitment required for a 
successful scientific career that in-
timidates potential women scientists. 
Perhaps the women are discouraged 

boys-school" rules of researching. 
some women may leave the field 
out of frustmtion . 

"This is an area that needs to be 
addressed because we are becom-
ing a technocratic society. I think 
we need to incorpomte more femi-
nist ideologies inlo science." suid 
Dr. Melissa Anderson. a post-doc-
loral researcher allhe Ponland. Or-
egon Veterans Adminislr:ltion Cen-
ler. 

Anderson has spenl the lasllhree 
years working on a r.ldio documen-
tary about women in the research 
sciences based on her feelings as a 
woman scientist and the levels of 
sexual discrimination she has 00-
ticed. 

Sexual discrimination has not 
gone away. In fact. according 10 a 
UCSD researcher who wished 10 
remain anonymous, "[Science] is 
just a sexist as before, but much 
more subtle so you can't even com-
plain about it." 

"There were lots and lotsoflimes 
when [ fell generally less impor-
tant. .. just genemlly thai 1 am not 
well thought of and it having noth-
ing 10 do with my ability but be-
cause I urn a woman," Ihe UCSD 
reseurcher said. 

by the male-orientated nature of the According to Anderson, modem 
field: mther than adopting the Hold_ sexism is more insidious and diffi-

• 

o 
u 
~ 
w 
I 
I-
>-

~ 
C.I) 

• 
V') 
o 
w 
w 

~ 
I-

• 

B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
UCSD'S FACTORY 

OUTLET 

cult to pin down than that of ten 
yl!ars ugo. It cun munifest in some-
thing as imponunt as being denied a 
lurgegrunt .orinsomethingasseem-
ingly trivial as being ignored by a 
male co-worker. 

A senior research :l~sociUle at u 
San Diego bioengineering firm who 
also wished to remain unonymous 
said he has encountered more sub-
tle forms of sexism within the com-
pany. 

"One of the key persons lat my 
firm! . the Vice President of Devel-
opment. he 's 55 years old. decided 
Ihat he would like to pursue 'this' 
project for 'lhis' reason. And itdidn' t 
make sense scienti fically ... he mis-
understood a basic concepl because 
when he was going to college. that 
basic concepl wasn'l there. 

"So I explained to him why his 
idea didn't make sense and he com-
plelely ignored me. And when he 
repealed the same argument , anolh-
er member of the staff scientists 
explained to him exactly whut 1 had 
sa id. and he said. 'Thank you for 
clearing thm up. '" the bioengineer-
ing researcher said. 

N Ot all sexism. however. is so subtle. The UCS D re-searcher suid thai during 
her firsl year in gl1lduute school al 

the UlliwrsityofNebrusb.she W;IS 
receiving training frolll " Illale stu-
uem who was about to gmduate. 
She was to lUke over his project. 

"He told me point blank to my 
face that he doesn't think women 
should be in science ;lIld tukingjobs 
uway from men." she explained. 
"And I said. ' butl don't have a man 
suppol1ing me. I need to eut, too: 
And he S<lid. That doesn't mailer. 
You ' re taking jobs away from 
men.· .. 

A nOlher fonn of disc rimi-nation is Ihe "gluss-ce il-ingeffecl," which. accord-
ing 10 the bioengineering research-
er. conlinues 10 impede the progress 
of women ut her firm. 

"Bel ween project leadersund the 
CEO there are no femules. At the 
staff sc ienti st level. there is one fe-
male. there ;Ire five males. Below 
that. everyone i . female." she said. 

Julian",1 Fessenden. a UCSD 
junior studying Biochemistry. no-
ticed a s imilar hier.lrchy ill a bio-
technology company where she in-
temed during Ihe summer of 1990. 

"There were mostly women. lind 
a few men. but the men were usually 
in the higher positions," ~he said. 

I n both cases. the m .. jority of 
women within the company filled 

G U E S S 

CLOTHING 
STORE 

• 

the lower-mnked technician posi-
tions. whiletheupperechelons were 
occupied by men with higher de-
grees. 

According to the UCSD re-
searcher. science is "a mule-domi-
nated field if you're talking about 
research sc iences and career sci -
ences. If you talk about technical 
suppon ortcchnicians. that's really 
a female-doll1inUled profession." 

" It 'S ;1I1 interesting faci in itself:' 
she added. "Its like being a dentist 
versus a dental hygienist. Why are 
there so many femule denwl hy-
gienists und so many male dentists? 
Its like you stop at a lesser posilion. 
you aim for something a little bit 
lower." 

Dr. Susan Tuylor of the UCSD 
Dep~lnment of Chemistry said ~he 
believes women opt for technica l 
jobs at biotechnology companies 
instead of Ph.D.s ~lI1d fuculty ap-
pointments because they are not 
prepared to commit to Ihe vast 
amounts of time and effort required 
for a career in science. 

"Havi ng an academic po~i tion 
involves not jw,t doing your re-
~earch but getting grant suppo., for 
people who are working in your lab, 
lecturi ng - its nOI ju!>t a nine to five 
job. And so a 101 of women. I think. 

See WOMEN, Page 11 

ESPRIT • 

·z 
m 

C 
." 

• 

-f 
m 
o 

• 

~ 
C 
() 
I C.I) 

C.I) 
W 

~ 
Q.. 
>< 
W 

pare Designer Zone 
50%-90% BELOW RETAIL 

WE WELCOME 
AMERICAN 
EXPRESS, 
VISA AND 
MASTERCARD 

8250 CAMINO SANTE FE 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE EAST PAST HWY 805, 

LEFT ON CAMINO SANTA FE TO 8250 ON YOUR LEFT 
WEDNESDAY·SATURDAY lOam to 7 pm • SUNDAY 12 noon to 5 pm 

• 450-3323 

805 

Mirom. Rd. 



6 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian / SpeeW S.",JfUr Uitill1l 

• A review of Summer movies aiming for blockbuster status 
By Ben Boychuk, M-r Betty HMrd, 
Mel Marcelo, and MIke M..tInez 
Contributirw Editors 

S ince the exuavagant days of ;'Jaws" and "Star Wars", Sum-mer has been the season for moviegoers to overdose on 
movie mythmaki.lg.A1though a film about 
a dead banker and his tear-gushing lover 
("Ghost'') stole the show last year, Holly-
wood hasn't forgotten how to create daz-
zling, big-budget entenainment. 

The following movies being reviewed 
are major films relea:.ed before judge-
ment day-July 3,1991. That's the date 
when Arnold Schwarzenegger is set to 
invade theaters with his science fiction, 
"mondo-action" movie. "Terminator 2: 
Judgement Day." 

After that date, the sbootout at the box 
office will intensify with positive results 
for avid summer movie fans: tons of es-
capism and eOlenainment to retreat from 
summer boredom and the current e<:O-
nomic recession. 

The Naked Gun 21/2: 
The Smell of Fa. 

The comedy firm of Zucker 
and Co. created "Airplane'" 
eleven years ago, and fans of 

'--''---':-'...J their peculiar brand of 
"anything goes" humor loved iL True 
believers even defended the neglected 
"Police Squad!" TV how and "Top 
Secret" movie that followed. Three years 
ago, "The Naked Gun," based on "Police 
Squad!". hit big. 

To all the fans that loved these 
escapad ,be wamed--you may only 
like "The Naked Gun 2 1/2." 

You')) get what you need-nopossible 
ightgag and dialogue pun goes untumed. 

You may also get exactly what you want, 
and therein lies the rub. The Zuckers' 
style of humor doesn't lend itself to a 
sequel, because the beauty is in the 
freshness of these absurd characters and 
situations. 

The unexpected is the key. In "21/2", 
the players are familiar and many of the 
gags are telegraphed to an initiated 
audience that knows what to expect. Even 
the granite-jawed eamestness of Leslie 
Nielsen and George Kennedy starts to 
wear a little thin. 

The most memorable gag in the sequel 
plays on this fact-adroll waila' winks to 
an audience that's expecting the next 
obvious pun. Thankfully, he declined. 
The best moments in "Naked Gun" and 
the other Zucker films arc when that 
fourth wall is broken down and the people 
on screen let us in on the nonsense. 
-Mike 

Backdraft 
Unforgettable, blazing act ion 
scenes rescue "Backdraft" 
from its bumt-outdrama and 

"-"---=...J hokey my tery sequences. 
a must for pecial effects fans 

and pyromaniac. A warning for all view-
ers: the non-action scenes can be hell to sit 
through. -Mel 

FIRESTARTER: Robin Hood (Kevill 
Costner) aimsajJamingarrowill "Robin 
Hood's" rOllsillgjillale. 

Robin Hood: 
Prince of thieve. 

Judging from the box office 
returns. Warner Brothers' 
decision to sacrifice authen-

...... L--=....I ticity for demographics was 
a sound business decision. "Robin Hood, 
Prince of Thieves" has today's hottest 
star, Kevin Costner (guess they couldn't 
squeeze in Julia Roberts and Macaulay 
Culkin), miscast as the English folk hero. 

Costner's portrayal warrants a renewed 
appreciation of the artistry and natural 
tlairofErroIAynnin 1935'sRobinHood. 
While Aynn looked completely natural 
busting a move with the sword and tights, 
Costner looks like Crash Davis in the 
school play. His most attractive qualities 

-a natural.down-to-eanh,quiet suength 
- are totally inappropriate in the man 
who roused the docile Saxons to rebel 
against the Nonnans in 12th century En-
gland. 

As for the accent, what the hell - I 
didn't e)(pCiCI Meryl Streep. 

One other jarring intrusion is the pres-
ence of Morgan Freeman. Posing here as 
a Moor armed with the cinema's biggest 
sword, Freeman' character may have 
been grafted to the slOry to give it that Mel 
Gibson-Danny Glover interracial buddy 
theme. 

Other than these understandable alter-
ations, "Robin Hood" is great theater. 
Bold and vivid, the mov ie remains honest 
to detail. such as the fight with quarter-
taffs between Robin Hood and Linle 

John. TIle film scores points for authen-
ticitywhenEngland'sdrearyweamerwins 
over the potential for handsome, colorful 
cinematography. Even the primitive den-
tal hygiene of the time isevidentonscreen. 

Most of the performances are appro-
priately hammy for a period adventure, 
e pecially Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of 
Nottingham. He's so rolten he cancels 
Christmas. 

If you make allowances for demo-
graphics (and so far, audiences are), 
"Robin Hood" is a great film to root for 
the good guys in. -Mike 

This is an outrageous parody 
of soap operas in which the 
real lives of the actors are 

..... "---=~ juicier than theirscripted per-
sonas. Sobbingand screaming, Sally Field 
is"America'sSweetbeart"on-cameraand 
"World-Class Bitch" off-camera. Play-
ing Field's best friend, Whoopi Goldberg 
is the film's only loss; she is at first a little 
too forgiving of Field's quirks and then 
not sympathetic enough. But all in all. 
"Soapdish" is a good laugh. 

-MaryB~tty 

Thelma II Loul .. [)j From its stunning panoramic vistas to the internal rum-blings of its main characters, 
"Thelma & Louise" is a se-

ductive concoction. 
Directed by "Blade Runner's" Ridley 

Scott, the film is breathtakingly shot in 
lush, sun-drenched tones. The images are 
best seen on a wide screen-not on arinky-

HELP WANTED 
I. ..... ,.. ...... '" 

,..,.-, 
t . ..... ,.. ...... ,..,_ 

"-"1 
! . Are,.. ""_ 
4. Are,...1111 01_ -.-1'1 
",..-..Inl .... "' ... _ . 
,.., .. ""' ... _ .............. "'" 
-. ......... '---..... 
-.,.., ..... ....-"" 
............................. v .... __ ... .,.,..."""" .. _ 
.. --...._ ... """' ...... 
. -~.-. .... -~. n... ........ "'""'" 
....,"'-,....., .......... -
........... For_ ................ . 
_ ....... -.-: 
AMERICAN PAISME 

The UCSD Guardian 
SU ... ISSUI 

21~ 
Coming August 5th 

dinky televi-
sion set. 

A bountiful 
source of symbol-
ism and arguable out-
look , '1'helma & 
Louise" i 
definitely the 
thinking-
person's 
summer 
movie. Call it the 
ultimate anti-male 
joyride or a crass 
"Bitch Cassidy 
and the Sundance 
Kid," one feature i 
hard to ignore: 
"Thelma & Louise" is more 
than just a movie about two 
female criminals running from 
the law. When the two women 
reach the point of no return, the 
movie revels in their craziness 
and power. And so do we. -Mel 

Don't Tell Mom 
11Ie Babysitter'. 
Deed 

~~ Don ' t tell mom or S$ anybody else that you paid money for this. You're just admitting 
that your idea of hot laughs is 
"Married with Children" and that 
you have a pathetic infatuation 
with Christina Appelgate. She 
doesn't even know you're alive. 
-Mike 
City Sllcke,. 

In its early moments. 
"City Slickers" is ex-
tremely funny . Billy 

... L--"'-..... Crystal has neverbeen 
funnier in this film that could 
have been called "Dances With 
Cows." TIle gags are delivered 
with commercial precision. 

Halfway through the movie, 
though, "City Slickers" congeals 
into a glob of middle-age whin-
ing. 

If you' re under the age 
of thirty ,don't watch this 
film without a "Baby-
Boomer Barf Bag." 
-Mel 

Monday, July 1, 1991 The UCSD Guardian I Special Summer Editio/~ ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 7 

• Moving.away from the usual 
thumbs, stars and letter grades, 
the Guardian staff created a 
Summer movie rating system that 
gets more to the point: 

IT'S SUMM£It!! Y ... con ';1 00 yo« bun. 
WIIChlV. 
MaUdry-. 
Pick n.. off r-.... 
Build .... >enlon 01 Disney World 

Mel Marcelo/Guardian 

Dying Young 
Julia Robert's hyped 
terujerker is really two mov-
ies in one. The first half is a 
L...::::"'-~I..I remake of "Pretty Woman," 
as a young, need-a-job nurse (Julia Rob-
erts) hooks up with an overgrown, sick 
"Richie Rich" (Campbell Scon). The 
other half of the movie is a series of love 
montages filmed with the lushness and 
emptiness of a Laura Ashley or J. Crew 
catalog. A needle thin plot holds the film 
together and the "plot-dead" ending is 
worth a tear ortwo-for the $7 acri ficed 
to the box office. -Mel 

"Jungle Fever" is Spike Lee's 
most downbeat "joint"· to date. 
Even "00 the Right Thing," 

L......:'"--............. despite its violent resolution. 
had a hip-hop energy and rhythm that you 
could practically dance to. Like "00 the 
Right Thing," this film is confrontational 
- Blacks against Italians. The Blacks 
uffer identity contradictions about de-

grees of blackne s (indeed. actual dark-
ness of pigment) and the Italian are in-
herently raci t. There is less v iolence here 
than in his last two films. but the tone is 
much more surly. 

As the central characters, Wesley 
Snipe (Ripper) and Anabella Sciorra 
(Angie) do convey the right chemistry-
a mixture of curio ity and lust. Because 
Ripper is cheating on hi wife. the act is 
a betrayal of both his race and hi vows. 
Lee doesn ' t gi ve you much of a chance to 
root for Ripper. 

The best performances here are not by 
the main characters, but by Samuel Jack-
son as Ripper's cokey brother and John 
Tunurro as the only sensitive Italian in 
Ben onhurst. 

"Fever" is composed of set pieces, 
individually scored, that are placed in 
sequence like a concept album. The back-
ground mu ic is much more obtrusive 
than in most films. 

Lee'stwotrademarksareinevidenc~ 
dizzying camera work and sledgeham-
mer subtlety . 

TIle crack house scene, set to the soar-
ing fade in Stevie Wonder's song "Living 
For the City," sheds a thousand points of 
light on Lee~ view of the drug world. It 
may be the most haunting imagery of his 
career. 

"Jungle Fever" is nonetheless an inter-
esting film because Lee is still interesting. 
One ofrhe best things about his films ishis 
own presence as an actor, and he's just not 
in this one enough. 
-Mike 

LeI 'JO" linin III\lIIhY 10 !he sial 01, pea. 
w ..... 'JO" Map: Rocb .,.,... 
IIId c.U 900 ...... aU., laic· DAILY WEAR •• _ .•.• _ ............. _ ....................... $99 

011 YOU CAN: 
Rlille 'JO" LSAT ICDI'C 9 po;... 

Illite r-OMAT ICDI'C 10 poiaIs 
Illite r- ORE _ 210 poiaIs 

1.01* ....... .,0rwI School 
Feel ..tuI .... hnc ru. .... iL 

EXTENDED WEAR (8 & L. 03104) ......... ....... $129 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) .......... .. $199 
... ~.,._·'*'-_·lft~,~·,.., .. 

_ ....... ..,....t ........ ·,.,...,_· SoIIAian ... IIiI· FII 
"-'-I ...... ·T __ pragIMI·OIIwIllljDl_in_ 

·OIIIrgDIIII ................. 

What About Bob? 
"What About Bob?" is the 
sort of movie you go to see 
knowing itwill most likely be 

L......:'"---"-..... disappointing, only to leave 
feeling disappointed because it was not a 
disappointment. b' s hard to not like "What 
About Bob?," a comedy staning Bill 
Murray and Richard Dreyfuss about an 
acute neurotic who. unable to cope with 
life without the constant assurances of hi 
analyst. follows his shrink to his vacation 
home in the wilds of New England. 

And then the fun begins. 
Bill Murray really make this film as 

the annoying yet compellingly "fun" Bob. 
On the one hand, you cannot help but 
sympathize with Richard Dreyfuss' 
hapless character, who is only trying to 
enjoy his va ation in peace. There are 
moments in this film when you would no 
doubt wi h that the doctor would just ki II 
Bob and end the punishment for himself 
and the audience writhing in their seats 
(Indeed, he tries to do just that, calling it 
"death therapy"). But, on the other hand. 
you cannot help but sympathize with Bob. 
Heisju t omepoorschmuckwithalolof 
problems. He doesn't mean 10 hurt 
anybody. 

"What About Bob?" is quite simply a 
delightfll/lillie comedy which might not 
always have you rolling in the aisles, but 
will help you forget many of your day-to-
day problems while you are laughing at 
the outrageous problems of the people on 
screen. 

You won't be di appointed. -Ben 

Hudson Hawk 
~ T,,, yoono[,,,,,,,, [.,,[ "'" 

(~( gullibility with one of the 
mo t breathtakingly awful 
action/comedy films in re-

cent memory. Bruce Willis can't ing 
and he most certainly can't inspire laugh-
ter. Even when a dog bites his private 
bulge it' hard to crack a giggle. What's 
that awful smell in the air? Probably a 
copy of " Hudson Hawk" rotting in some 
dark theater. -Mel 

11Ie Rocketeer 

i<1 After many summers of watching movies shy away from movie magic ("Star Wars") towards heavieradult-
oriented themes ("Batman"), audiences 
have a chance to experience pure enter-
tainment in the form of "The Rocketeer." 
Although the movie's plot is geared to-
wards the mental capacities of a junior 
high student. the film makes up for this 
shoncoming in its extravagant produc-
tion values, simple characters, and believ-

MR. PATRIOT MISSILE: Cliff Secord 
(Bill Campbell) prepares to rescue his 
sweetheart from fleeing Nazis in "The 
Rocketeer." 

able lTlag ic. 
As an unknown actor. Bill Campbell is 

delightful in his role as the Rocketeer. 
Timothy Dalton, as movie star Neville 
Sinclair. is the film' s scene-stealer. If 
Dalton had been cast over Costner for the 
role of Robin Hood, "Robin Hood: Prince 
of Thieves" would have been an instant 
classic. Dalton is tllat good. 

By using les er-koown actors, the fiJ-
makers have obviously funneled most of 
their money into the film's first-rate recre-
ations of the Depression era. Tn the night-
club sequence. the female crooner is stun-
ningly photographed. 

"The Rocketeer" abounds in historical 
tidbits: Howard Hughes ' Spruce Goose, a 
recreation of Franklin Loyd Wrighfs 
house, and even a replica of the original 
Bulldog Cafe. The special effects are 
seamlessly blended in with the live action 
secquences. 

The director, Joe Johnston, is no 
stranger to top-notch production values. 
For George Lucas' studios, Johnston was 
the art director and story boarder for the 
"Star Wars" series and "Raiders of the 
Lost Ark." 

Released through Disney, "The Rock-
eteer" might seem bland to viewers more 
accustomed to blood-gushing violence or 
sex-starved characters. Part of the film's 
wholesomeness, though, is in its setting: 
the story takes place in an era when Ihe 
public's morals were as streamlined as 
the cars that they drove. 

Revealed near the movie's climax. an 
animated Nazi newsreel is hauntingly 
vivid - I almost believed that it was 
really from the 1930's. Viewers with a 
heart for believable movie magic should 
see "The Rocketeer" in its widescreen 
glory. Enjoy the film before it gets nudged 
out of circulation by heavier adult fare. 
-Mel 

1$2000 OFFl 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I I LENSES OR BACKUP I 

Daily Wear ....................................... $29.00 

GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 
Extended Wear ..... ...................... ..... $34.50 
Wesley Opaques .. ............... ..... .. ... .. $81.00 

Wtigh tht 
options, 
thtn call 

L (Oller expires 8(1191) .J '-__ --------------- -- ------ ... --------------_--1 t..iIr*-d 1ImI oIIIr 
THE 
PRINCETON REVIEW 
(619) 695·9952 

J & J Acu-Vue or Clba disposable lenses $99 
for 4 boxes with current RX 

J & J Acu-Vue or Clba disposable lens 
complete package plan $199 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
II Miramar & Commeroe behind Cart's Jr. VISIONCARE 

MaslerCard & Visa accepted 

578·6796 
East 

County 
..... 531 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian / s,""" S"",,.,. &litin Monday, July 1, 1991 

SUrtboalds, hula hoops am a 
Double-Double from IH-N-oot 

The best things never (/0 out 01 style. RiQht now, we're IooIdno for 
energetic people to help us continue a great tradition 0( bUl'Qer8, 
fries and shakes. 

NOW HIRING! 
MtnMeea Aftao ..... _ hIl-.... 

$6.00 pel hour to .art • ~ free rMaIs 
Paid vacatIOnS • f'ulI 1rainin9 

Schedules to meet the needs 01 school or other activities. 
~Ia,,-

july II , gAM - 5:30PM &. July 12, gAM - 4PM 

YAK. MONO 
Jl p.n •• • • Food 

.. .. 

IN·N-OUT 
" IUIO.I 

9410 MIra Mesa Blvd. 
(At MIra Mesa Blvd &. Interstate 15) 

Equal Opporturuty ErnI*>Yer 

SUMMER 
SPECIALS 

T{'riyaki Chicken,lx,<,f, or 
pork served with salad and ric{' 

T{'riyaki Chicken with vegetable tempura 
or California roll with salad &: rice 

LUNCH $3.99 
DINNER $4.75 

LUNCH $4.99 
DINNER $5.95 

SOI4> .................. ..., l1oIo ........................ ...... 

r-FRH5USHIVVRH()iDii-' 
L WITH THIS AD. Exp. 8/1 / 91 .J 
------------------

.... ::_.111.1 La Jolla Colony Plaza 452-4255 =_1 ,. (fr. & SoI.I 7728 Regents Rd.1S01 (Vons slIopping Cenlft) 
...... T ...................... --. ..... 

You've been hur t In a t raff ic aCCIdent 

You r Cilr IS d~maged . Your body ach .. s. 

You 're upset. and you're thinking, 

"What am I supposed to do now ?" 

1·.·WHATtIIW 
If you're the inncxent victim of a 

car ac:cident, call1-800-WHATNOw, 
right away. You'll automatica lly 
reac:h the Georggin & Shann law 
office nearest you. 

When you' re hurt, worried, or 
confused about wnatto do next, 
we (an help. We'll do all Wf 

(an to get you the settlemtnt or 
award you deserve. And our fee 
comes only from what we collect 
for you. 

For the kind of immediate 
legal help you need at a t ime like 
thiS, call1·800-WHAT NON. 
Right now. 

Auto Accident Attorneys 

Mission v.-.y tutioNl City EI c.;on Oce.ule 
28SI CMnino 0..1 Rio 5. 17175_~ottr Rd 561 N MIgnoI .. _ . 220HIc.ninollHl 

COMMENTARY 

Protecting The Names of Rape Victims 
II lI'as S('I'(,II years agu. put it in the past. It was so long ago. 
I wa.~ a bouncy, idealistic eigh- perhapsljustimagineditall.Maybe 

leen-YCilr-oldentering my first year I am simply crolZy. 
of college. Hairandboyfriendswere A rape I'i('/illll/('eds IU talk 
a higher priority than clas~. I was BUI who will liMen? Who can 
going 10 become a lawyer for the under..tand lhe pain of seven years 
ACLU. of suppressed rilge? It gels old real 

Alld 1/('K'SfKlpcrs " 'ur" 10 ""b/ish fast. I look normal. I act nonnal. I 
Iht' '''IIII/'J' of rape I'ielinrs. have boyfriends, but I am fiercely 

I don't remember much. It all independent. I laugh, and try my 
went black. He lold me he'd kill us damndest never to cl)'. 
both if I told anyone. I was too I am ol/eil/lllrt(' ul'lllr('C' aLII of 
stupidandlooguilt ridden to scream. fil'e. 
I believed him. He was my boy- I am a statistic. I am out lhere 
friend. II was my ChriMian duty 10 among you. 1llere are so many of 
care about him. us, and yel you say lhat r.tpe i jusl 

He 1l,,'C'olellC'd to kjlf Illy dog. a women's issue to be used as a 
Warrcn College welcome week. political tool against men. You pro-

Dances. Classes. Roommates. Away lest funding the women's center 
from home for the firsl time. Blue where survivors can help each olh-
Breasts. lnexpl icable pain. Thoughts er. 
of suicide. I pleaded for help. but my AI/d newspapers wish toresel1'e 
screams were silenced behind the Ihe ri.r:h, to pLiblish the lIanres of 
UCSD college girl smile plastered allt'gt'd victims. 
on my lips. I am no longer a victim. I am a 

I kept sill:lII fur threi! years. survivor. TIle bruises may have 
1lley a.~ked me to forgel about ii, healed over ix years ago, but the 

scar tissue is tough and impenetra-
ble. I cannot imagine the agony of 
public scrutiny. My own family 
doesn'l know lhe whole trulh -
Ihink of a callous public .• survived 
by screaming silently. by continu-
ing 10 function in a society that did 
not want to see lhe hurt of an eigb-
leen-year-old. 

H~ is sli/l Ollt ,fle/'i!, L11lcOllI'ic~ed, 
IIndetected, omollg YOLI . 

And I am 100. Laughing, work-
ing, taking crazy risks while re-
maining independent I never fell 10 
pieces. But I wish I had. 

I was still a child when he at-
tacked. I am in lhe process of be-
coming an adult now. I would have 
hoped society would be more aware 
by now. 

He stole my innocence. And my 
trust 1llere will always be a terror-
izing vulnerability hidden in the 
darkest corners of my heart. 

He kllows my lIome. Mllst you? 

- Name With..,... 

MEDIA: Joumalists are fallible - surprise! 
ContInued from pap 4 
stories wrinenaiJout us,andthcy would 
gel mosl of the facts right. but lhe 
stories wouldn't ring complelely true. 

Why? 
Bec:luse lhejoumaiisl wasn'l one 

of us, and didn'l know whal we 
knew about Ihe ubject. Journalists 
have to make do wilh Iheir limita-
lions. and Iry 10 wrile an imeresling, 
cmcl1aining. and cuherem SIOry. 

...---- Roth'5 ---., 

[~l!~ 
1000/0 CorrON 

HATrnD tUI'ONS 

Full $:~ I $ ~~ 
Queen $65 $75 

SllcIer Arm Couch 
with fUton $ 159 

t>rIces su bJe<1 to change 

420\2 [I Cajon Blvd. 
28C).3248 

Store n~ Thurs. lit frio 1-6 pm 
Sal 1()'5; Sun. 11 ·5; Mon. 5·7 pm 

FaSI and Knowledgeable 

Macintosh 
Repair & Upgrades 

Specializing in componenl 
level ervice for: 

Mac II, IIx, Hex, IIci, 

Mac se, MacSE/30 

Free on-campus pick-
up & delivery, 

Two day turn-around. 

UCSD PO's accepled ! 

Compufix; 497·1178 
Fax: 293·0124 

They don ' t II)' 10 getlhings wrong, 
by any means, but lheir limited 
knowledge makes lheirstoriesseem 
less accumte. 

Perhaps the best we can do i 
1101 aItack Ihose people, tl)' 10 tear 
them down. or change I hem so Ihey 
renect our 0 11'11 point of view. If we 
did Ihat. where would we get our 
infonnalion? Some other source 
would spring up. jusl as biased as 
the first , if nOI more so. 

Perhap what we should do is 
deliver a kick in the ass 10 Country 
Bob. Carrie. and Ihe Greal 

Unwashed (whoeverthey are. wher-
ever lhey live - they might be yOIl) 
- and keep kicking them untillhey 
realize not to accepl whal lhey see 
blindly. but 10 take il all wilh some 
level of skepticism. 

Or maybe we should place a call 
10 Ihe Surgeon Geneml. 

WARNING ,' This lIews ilelll II'OS 
pllt together by a hllmoll beillg, and 
moyeollloillalllht'fTolI's ;lIht'rt'fI( ill 
slich a creature. 

That' my opinion. Take it or 
leave it Just because this Ihing is in 
print, doesn'l mean I'm righ,. 

Hey, You! 
The UCSD G""rtlu." welcomes your letters and com-

mentaries, Drop your letter at the G"""" .. " offices (on the 
second floor of the old Student Center, above the General 
Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
G""rtlu." 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JoUa, CA 92092-0316 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, and should 
include a signature and a phone number. Unsigned letters 
will not be printed. We reserve the right to edit foe length 
and clarity, 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Sofl Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes 10 blue 

*Includes: CL exam. care kit, myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L. Cooper, WJ. Parapenn, 

tOl I"r"· \I'In."\~~N I . 

CLUIIIIONT 
27&-1858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

S.m •• 
• Q •• llt, I,.car. 
• ••• _ ••••• PrI ••• 

KENllN8TON 
2831818 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Monday, July 1,1991 The UCSD Guardian / Special Slim me,. Editioll NEWS 9 

PARKING: Fees will increase beglnningtoday 
Continued from page 1 
ever. will be allhe higher rolle. 

TIle I wo proposals Rei yea had to 
choose from were made by the ad-
miniMrution and lhe Tr.msportation 
and Parking Advisory Comminee 
(TPAC). 

The TPAC prowsul would have 
implemented a $3 per month in-
crease for Sludents, a $4 per month 
increase for slaff, aI'Id a $6 per monlh 
increase for faculty members. Re-
served parking spaces would have 
increased by $12 per month. 

TIle adminislralion's proposal. 
in contrast. would have mised "S ," 
"A," and "B," pennit prices by $4 
per month and "R" permils by $8 
per month. 

There is one hitch, however. Wilh 
lhe UC budgel suffering from se-
vere cuts, how can UCSD afford to 
choose the lowest mle increases? 

According 10 Police Chief John 
Anderson, lhe budget crunch will 
be felt in his department, which, 
among olher Ihings, is in charge of 
patrolling the parking lOIS and dis-
Iribuling parking tickets. 

"My office will have to realign 
procedures to ... spend les~ money," 
Anderson said . 

While Warren Senior Senator 
and Warren College repre~enta t ive 
to TPAC Mark Rotenberg Mated in 
early June Ihat Relyea 's compro-
mise will creme a $240.000 deficit, 
Anderson projecled that the plan 
will only cau>c a $ 180,000 defic it. 

Ander.;on insisted Ihat the defi-
cil will not cause lay-orfs. 

One step be ing taken to make up 
for lost revenues will be Ihe increase 
of parking meter rates. 

As ofloday, parking meters wi ll 
lake only quaners, and each quaner 
will give 15 minutes of metered 
parking. a reduclion of 50 percent. 

"That 's a way to recoup otTIe of -
that loss from visitors," as melered 
spaces were intended for visilors, 
not sludents , Anderson said. 

Anderson aid Ihat Parking and 
Transportation SelVices is discour-
aging new students from bringing a 
car to school in Ihe fall. " We are 
including a brochure wilh regislra- _ 
tion packets on how to get around 
wilhout a car," providing free bus 
passes to areas around the campus, 
and enhanci ng the bicycle pathways, 
he said 

"Bringing a car and expecling a 
convenient place to park is unrealis-
tic.... 'There are far more student 
spaces than faculty and staff, they 
are just not as convenient," Ander-
son added. 

According to Anderson, lhere 
are approximately 11.000 parking 
spaces on campus. 

ERRATUM 
In the story titled "The 

Silent Movie" (Guardian, 
June 6), the top photo of 
characters in the film "A 
Man Without a World" 
was mistakenly credited 
to Saul Levine. Levine 
took the portrait of 

E~rAntin.Thetop 
photo was by Becky 
Cohen. 

The Guardian regrets 
the error. 

Forty-eighl percent are slUdem 
spaces. nine percent are facult y 
spaces. 17 pe rcenl arc !.Iaff space~ . 
and lhe rest arc metered. rescrved, 
and selVice yard ~pace.~. 

While Ihose numben; are over 
one year old , Anderson said that all 
lhe construction on campus makes 
more exaci fi gures difficult 10 ob-
lain. 

The Tmnsponalion Alternatives 
office, pan of Parking and Tmns-
ponalionSelVicel>. offers incentivel> 
for students. faculty members. and 
siaff nOI 10 drive 10 campus on u 
daily basis. 

Among these incenlives is Ihe 

altemalive Iransponation p~lrking 
pennil. whieh allows 10 days of 
parking and unlimitcd nighl and 
weekend parking for u quaner. S,U-
dent Altcrnalive Tran~ponat ion per-
mitsare $23lup from $15J.and Slaff 
and facully peOll itsur\: 45 1 up from 
$25 J per quaner. according 10 the 
Allemlllive Tran~ponution office. 

Siudents. faculty and ~laff c;ln 
also panicipate in callXlOls :mu get 
10 day!> free park ing 011 CUl11pu~ . 
Anyone who i ~ paid by Ihe Univer-
sity .md Iherefore covered under 
Workman'!. Compen~ution can par-
Ii ipate in Vanpooling.according 10 
TrJn!.pot1aJion Altemalivcl>. 

Loud Music. 
chedelic 
ights .. 

(Just What Jim Morrison Had In Mind.) 
LASERI lI ,\I I'R E SE:\TS 

THE DOORS 
rill' I.t 'lT-It:.:llI 'hlill 1IlLIIidl" \11111 1,lIuntl' \)IMII' lIli' 1111 11111111g 
I (!.!hl 11 1' 1'1; .[' Nr('(li' ()II {/Wllllg/! .lIll l 1,'ld('I'1I11 /11( ' \1",.,,,. II IIl1v 
!,n ptoll .lIld .1I',l:IlIl I.I'l '" .11\' ,hilt (lllTilv.ld I'~I.I" l'l l1~ 111l1(1 , 
'Ihl' 11 (//1 I' ,till pl.l~ Ill).! RE~N H. FL£El 
ull 2.'>1i- 11(\o"i Inl , 1I{)lIlllIll" 51 ". ... Cllill--• 

lill'lllllllll' h~ I I. IIh!!. I 1'.lI k IIJlllgilt. f .. 
1i'IIIt).!ht \ OUI Ill'l' THEAl£R ANO SCIENCE CENTER 
,lOI'" 1JJ.'trlllll/ll IliI V I/dl'lIll () K:)lHG8 FM 

SALE INCLUDES 99' FuLL COLOR COPIES. 

Open 24 Hours 
La Jolla· 8849 Villa La Jolla '301 
(U Jolla ViJlaF Convenience Cenaer) ......................... ..... . _ .. .......... .. 457·3775 

Open 7 Days 
Pacific Beach· 1834 Gamet Avenue 
(pacific Piau n.1 Lamont) ................ ............. ............................ ....... 483-18S2 

~ 
. ,ac.<'i ~\\~ »~IJ. .,. ~\Cf' .~ ~, kinko~ L-_____ _ 

the copy center 
NOl valid with other offen. Sale price u r.,. "h .. II" ,ainaIc-tided ~I on :lOI .... itc 

2'h,itforauto-fed. black A. while. We is r.,.run ooIor~. RellZinaelln on 

~----------------------------------------------, 

• 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
~ & Turtle Wax Sealer 

~ ~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
C:\ I\ "VA~I t 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

- "" UCSD I 
..; La Jo ll a Vi llago Dr . 
a: ! ~ 
c I :'b l l Dr . .. I ! 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

UTe 
II 
f!l 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------

• Full Service $ 99 ~~~~~ ~~!!Y,{A§!! 3 ,. .. 
I \ ~ \\ ·\~II NOI valid WIth aII'I olher offer. SAVE $4.0t I 
I E.p.l •• Sep\embe( 1. 1991 I 

------------------------

Party on ollr patio 

GJA'S 
celebrates 

THURSDAY 
UCSD NIGHTS 
ALL SUMMER LONG! 

PITCHERS 
$3°° . DomestIc $4°0 Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$50012.inch $7°0 14-inch 

\1l1 ... 11 nIl) 

GIA'S Italian Restuarant 792·752 114550. Ilw!) 101 
SOLANA BEACH 

~ · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ~·St~V~~i ~;~ ~~II· j 
• • 

:------FREE------: 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Yogurt or Ice Cream 
Buy One Cone or Cup, at regular price, 

Get One For Free. 
limit $3 . Topping nOllncluded. E.<~( .. 8S91 
Not valid with other discounts . One coupon per customer, per visi!. 

Valid only at Cos ta V,,,de Shopping Center. 
TN TH E tJPPEH LEva FOOl) COl mT 

8650 GENESEE AVENUE ·450-3044 
Student Discount Cords ~ Available! 

• •••••••••••••• COUPON •••••••••••••• 

6 cassettes, ~et I free CO· • t CO's, get I free CD* 
*on approfal. No limit 

Larfest used CD Inventory in U.S, • Llste~ln~ zones 
... . 
:r--: MUSIC TRADER ~f 7094 Miramar Rd . 693-1469 
,." 5728 EI Cajon Blvd. 265-2274 

• 
• 

< .. 



10 NEWS n.e UCSD Guanliln / s,m.l S ...... lJIIitiM Monday, July I, 1991 

GRE 

We complete the pllzzJe. 
Make an ~ppoimment for a fRfE 

diagnostiC test and evaluation! 
COSTA VERDE 

SHOPPING CENTER (619) 587-8600 
INI'RODUCI'ORY Of'Fflt 

$50 off course with tim ad! 

ROBERT'S 
AU 0 
GERMAN, SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • FactOt)'-Tralned SpecIalists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exil) 
San Diego 

(f'IO) ,) ... II')') , .J .. , .l- .) .. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p .m. 
.saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

.. _.... I •• 
....... .... ' 

.. ~ . 

----~---------------IOtVo OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

0helpt JDGtar .ad truIIIaiuiGD -'aaI. Nat YIIid with.., __ caaJIIIIL 

REPORT 
Continued fnIm .... 3 
main committed. and that means the 
human resources and the financial 
resources." he said. "But beyond 
that, I think that those individuals 
who are charged to do the outreach 
and to do the marketing for !he 
university (willI have to be creative. 
bolh in the types of progrollTlS and 
services that they provide. 

"Some of the tmditional tried-
and-true things are going 10 have to 
be augmented by some very cre-
ative, different ways of gelling in 

PRINCE 
ContInued fnIm ..... 1 
with her rape. 

Prince is also charged with the 
deaths of Tiffany Paige Schultz. a 
San Diego State Universily stu-
dent, on Jan. 12. 1990, and Mesa 
College studenl AmberClarlt and 
hermother,Pamela,killedonSept, 
13, 1990. Schultz. like Tarr and 
Weinhold, was killed in 

contact wilb those individuals. of 
aa:essing those individuals. and then 
making certain Ihat they have ap-
propriate and necessary informa-
lion in their hands to make II deci-
sion thai UCSD i the place forthem 
and thaI they can gel a qualilY edu-
cational experience here," he said. 

Another report presented to the 
regents which discussed faculty and 
gradwue Sludent offinnative action 
efforts showed it increased repre-
sentation for women and all ethnic 
minority groups except one. 

Representation of Native Amer-
icans. as a percentage, remained the 

OairemonL The Oarks were killed 
in their home on Honors Dr. in 
University City, to the nonh of the 
other murder siles. 

In addition, Prince may be 
charged with the murder of Elissa 
Keller, who was s&abbed to deaIh on 
May21,1990,TMSanDiegoUnion 
reponed Ihar a ring allegedly Slolen 
from Prince matched a ring owned 
by Keller, 

Prince has also been charged wilb 

GuARDIAN 
Next Summer Issue: 

AugustS 

same among J18duate students. and 
nearly the same among UC faculty 
members. 

Also presented to the Regents, as 
pan of an update on staff and busi-
ness affinnarive action programs. 
was the UC's sumrnaJ)'of a Califor-
nia Postsecondary Education Com-
mission report on the composition 
of the staff in ~ state's public col-
leges and univer.;ities. 

The repon noted Ihat African 
Americans, Native Americans, 
Asians, and Hispanics made up 36.3 
percent of the UC staff in 1989; up 
from 30 percent in 1977. 

two counts of indecent e"posure 
inJuly 1990, one count of assault 
wilb a deadly weapon in Nov. 
I 99O,and ninecountsofburglary. 

Prince is also charged with the 
battery of Charla Lewis, his girl-
friend at the lime of the murder.;. 
Lewis is a UCSD Sludcnlwho 
lived wilb Prince in the Buena 
VislaGardensapamnenrcomplex, 
where Weinhold and Tarr's mur-
ders took place, 

UNIQUE CAREER· 
OPPORTUNITY FOR 
ENGINEERING GRADS 
Systems Integrators for 
Irrigation Control Systems 
DUTIES: The pioneer of this technology leads the team of 6 engineers 
who design, program, build and configure, install, test, debug, tune and 
provide field support for the entire irrigation control system, Function-
ing correctly, the system provides water for major farming enterprises. 
Malfunction involves real risks, loss of life and/or serious damage to 
homes and crops. Engineers routinely l'isit the field control units, meet 
with farmers or water district staff, and must win their confidence. All 
new engineers stan by learning PLC programming, which is the heaJ1 of 
the control system. PLC programming will continue to account for over 
60% of their time, 

OUAUFICATIOHS: Individuals with a as in either Electrical. 
Mechanical, Civil, Chemical or Agricultural Engineering. At least 2,6 
GPA. Really intelligent, dedicated, responsible, 'can do', all around 
engineers, team players, people sensitive, good social and oral commu-
nication skills, with a strong positive altitude who are prepared 
to thoroughly learn irrigation control systems and live 80 
miles inland in the Imperial Valley, 

SALARY: negotiable (good benefits) 

PIIIIe Mnd ........ to: 
AndRws, Strong and Associates. anenlion Michael Strong, 
3334 E Coast Highway, Suile 186, Corona Del Mar, CA 92625 
or FAX to 7141673-6509. 

Monday, July 1,1991 The UCSD Guardian / s,uw S .... mer UitUm NEWS II 

WOMEN 
c:onunu.d .......... 5 
aren'l prepared 10 make that kind of 
conunitmenl if they have families 
andOlhercommitments in their lives 
as well," Taylor said. 

Taylor has Ihree children who 
she said were cared for by babysit-
ter.;, as both she and her husband 
wolted in research, " I\'s a delicate 
balance. I mean, obviously, if some-
thing goes wrong, somebody's go-
ing to have to make a major sacri-
fice," she said. 

The bioengineering researcher 
also noted that the desire for a fam-
ily often discourages women from 
pursuing science as a career. 

"If you want to have a full-time 
career, you need to dedicate all your 
lime and all your thought energy ... 
to work, sometimes 12 hour.; a clay, 
or coming in on weekends or com-
ing in al nighl. It require a 101 of 
your time and it drdins a lot of your 
energy. 

"Whal l think happens with a lot 
of women who want to have fami-
lies is you cannot - and this is 
where you get into gray areas -If 
you're going to be the major care-
taker of the family, there is no way 
you can [have) a full-time career in 
science and be a major caretaker of 
the family. As to whether or not 
women should be the major care-
taker is another issue," she explained. 

According to the UCSD re-
searcher, the structure of science 
discourages women from entering 
the field . She said lrot she fell men 
were generally more analytical than 
women, and as science is ~liII very 
analytical, men are more likely than 
women to become scientists. 

"As a whole, men tend to be 
more analytically orienled than 
women in a lotofways. ldon '\think 
that makes for a better scientist, 
necessarily, but I think women be-
lieve [thal it does] ," she said. 

Anderson said that from her con-
versalions with men, she has no-
ticed that lhey follow more stan-
dardized research technique, which 
she said are considered more ac-
ceplable than the exploration ofnew 

techniques. 
"I always expected that scien-

liSlS would be the moSI open-mind-
ed people, and they're not at all," lhe 
UCSD researcher said.. "They have 
Ibis hierarchy and they have their 
own rules. [Science) is dominated 
by men, and they made the rules.lf 
you don 'tfollow the rules, you don 't 
gel anywhere." 

Both anonymous researchers 

" I always expected that 
scientists would be the 

most open-minded 
people r and they're not 

at all. 

" 
agreed that the more confidenl and 
hard-nosed a woman is. the better 
chance she has at attaining a higher 
SlllluS within her company or de-
partment. Unfortunately, this also 
brands the women with the stereo-
type of being "a bitch." 

"And they are. They really are," 
the UCSD researcher explained. 
"They have to adopt [the 'bitch' 
role) , and play those same games 
and play by the righl rules to make it 
(in the sciences)." 

Taylor, in describing herentrance 
into science, explained, "I never 
asked anyone what I could do, I just 
did what I wanled 10 do. It never 
particularly fazed me one way or 
anolher ... I never thoughl I was 
doing anything particularly won-
derful:' 

How can the fa e of science be 
changed to accommodate women? 
Accordi ng 10 the bioengineering 
researcher, confronting sexism does 
110t change sexist allitudes because 
nobody appreciates confrontation. 
especially from the opposile sex. 

She suggesled that women 
should lislen to the criticisms men 
make and determine whether lhe 
statements have any element Oflruth 
in them, then try in a non-confronta-

Stressed Out? 
Anxious, nervous, tense? FREE research studies are available to 
people suffering, from anxiety. Sympoms include feeling nervous. 
tense, irritable, stomach problems, insomnia, muscle aches, and 

difficulty concentrating. Suitable volunteers receive free 
medications, lab tests, physieals and psychiatric evaJustions. 

18 or older, please call Monday through Friday 10 a.m. to 4 p.rn. 

00000 FEIGHNER U RESEARCH 
INSTITUTE 

FREE snJDIES AlSO AVAILABLE 
FOR DEPRESStON 

554-0100 
TlI~ lLotJ~r ill P'iydwpoormacologic R~Jtorr:h three 197J 

~-------------T------' I Nail Specials III. 
I ~. 
I ACRYLIC $18 99 • 
I NAILS· J • 

I_~ ,. 
I Tip Overlay '24.95 • 
I (Rag. $45) 
I _~ I 
I ~.., \jtll .............. sa I 
I ~'" ...... a ....... ' .... $15 Reg. $35 I 
I I 
I NAILS BY JENNIFER .. EN AND WOII.N I 
I 8055 Cialremont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 

tiona( way to reinforce the idea that 
the remark may flO( be true in all 
cases. 

The bioengineer added, "I'd also 
like 10 see more women scientists 
go out to schools and tell women 
what they really believe about lhe 
field of science. They should pro-
vide real role-models for (young) 
women 10 gi ve them realistic goals," 
rather than believing that they can 
have a career. a husband, children. 
and money. 

While the UCSD researcher said 
she does not believe that approach-
ing the classrooms will bring more 
women inlo science. she doe think 
that by changing the rigid nature of 
science. women will be more at-
tracted to it. 

"I don't think men believe wom-
en can focus totally on a career lin 
science) and have a family - and 
they can't. But I don't Ihink you 
should. 

"That's what 's wrong wilh the 
sciences. A lot of male scientists are 
emotionally immalure people who 
have escaped from the [emolional] 
world by turning lheir whole lives 
into'Work. And so long as they do 
that, so long as they are in power, 
they keep on perpelualing Ihat kind 
of menta lily. The whole field would 
be better off if everybody were like 
real people and had a real life and 
did their work." she said. 

FAIRMAIR'S 

USED 501 /S 
JEANS & SHORTS 
BIKER JACKETS $125-$139 (newl 
COSTUMES 

FUN, FUNKY 
FUNTIONAL 
RESALE CLOTHES 

4879 NEWPORT M . OCEAN BEACH 
M-SAT. 11 10 6:]) • 222'()220 L-___________________J 

.. 
4688 Convoy 51. 

KunyIAesa 
576-8542 

13 
32nd&Man 
s., DIego 

281-1083 

112 
1800 8 Rosecrans 

PlLoma 
225:0279 

.1 
3443 lJnIvelSlly 

Nor1Il Park 
28Q..9883 

• We bag every comic 
• Games & Cards 
• We oller Free Discounts 
• In store slJlscription service 
• We're open unti 7 p.m. every day 

I (Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 560-5081 • 
L Not dIid wiIt!.ny 04her on.ra. &.l/51li1 . L_~~~~~~~~~ ~-------------------~ 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers. Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

HOURS: \ 1 r '-; .,(1 ,I 11 h P I I I • Sdl I c4 ;) 1'1 
3211 Holiday Court, La Jolla 452.9949 

Next to Domino's Pizza 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE, FAX -.619) 450-9949 Expires 8/5/91 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

S$A4VOE WA 65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79.99 
A 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89.99 ~.,,~'...., WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99.99 

INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 
DUPONT CORDURA ' LIFETIME WARRANTY 
·FAM OUS TRAILS' • "MEl" - "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK" ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

Jinn'eterS ~~VEL oor;"s MAPS uGGAGr & ACCESSORIES 

\\\\)~~~!3~;", ~(~ .·2g~~~.~j~f,i~i!~ ~:~.~~ ~i;~: ';: 
: port holders. ne<:k pIlloWS. von age • 
: oonvertors. 0, 4 :; 

".. : ... !""' ... "'"' "!,,!" ...... ... :, .~ 
1539 G.rnet, Pacific Beach, Phone" 483-1421 

Mon-Fri 10 .,m.-6 p.m . . Sat & Sun 10 B.m.-S p,m. 

Includes: Shampoo and quatlty haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 ema. 
Fun service prices reg. $21-$26 
Standby lares are subject to availability 
of styliSts. To insure faster serviCe, it's 
best to come in on weekdays. 

Open 6 days: M-f..S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

"lAi~ 
~?FliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

.. 



" 

12 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
·WIII the past misdeeds of CIA di-
rector nominee, Robert Gates, 
mean the continued cover-up of 
Bush-Reagan Crimes')' Presenta-
lion/discussion. 7:30 pm, July 10. 
Unitarian Fellowship, 1036 Solana 
Dr., Solana Beach. Donation. 272-
5974. 

SERVICES 
Olga Ban - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student Discounts. 558-
4644/226-1962. (7/1-815) 
Word Processing (including for-
eign languages). Free pickup and 
delivery. 7 days a week: 453-6282. 
(7/1-8/5) 

WANTED 
Chinese/English speakers needed 
for brain-wave study. Earn $25 for 
2.5 hours. Must have been exposed 
to Chinese since birth. For Informa-
tion call 453-4100 ext 453, ask for 
Chris. (7/1) 
Marketing representative for For-
tune 500 companies, part/full time 
earn $1000 to 500 month. 272-
2776, 436-2305. (5/29·8/6) 
PEER COUNSELORS. Psycholog-
ical and Counseling Services has 
paid positions for Fall '90. Apply to 
Career Services for Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse (Job #11087), 
Lesbian and Gay (Job # 11086) and 
Recover from Eating Disorders (Job 
#11073) programs. Volunteer posi-
tions open in Women's peer pro-
gram. Contact Dr. Juarez, 534-
3875. (6/4-816) 
ParHime help needed for handi-
capped child. FleXible hours, expe-
flence preferred References Re-
quired. 259-7876. (7/1) 

TIle UCSD Guardian / Spec;RI Slimmer Editioll 

ClASS I FI E:DS 
Classified (/{h 'crtisillg is sold ill15-word illcrcmcllfs. The rale per /5 words is $1 for 
silidellls (for personal lise ollly), $3 forfaculty Ulld staff, and $../ for olhers. PaymeJII 
ill u{}\'(Jl1ce is required; t!Jerefore, ads mllst he mailed with a check (made payable 
10 The UC D Guardian) or presellled in persoll . Deadlille for Ihe secolld summer 
issue is Augusr I . The Guardian resefTes the righrlO refuse any adverrisi ng illcluding 
hUlnOllimitec/ 10 companionship ads. For more information call 534-5-116. Mailing 
address: UC D Guardian, 9500 GillllCln Dri\'e, 03/6, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 . 
ActuClI address: utdem enler A, lOp JJOOl: 

Part Time Work With full time in-
come can be yours With a phenom-
enal bUSiness of your own. Service 
Industry (travel, long distance, re-
sorts) backed by an explosive 
growth California Company. Com-
plete training and support. For an 
appl. call 759-7380. (5/31 -7/2) 
WANTED: infant care In my Del 
Mar home. Wed & Sal., own car. 
Start 6123. 755-6172. (5/21-7/2) 
GREAT JOB OPPORTUNITY for 
individuals With excellent commu-
nication skills. Growing coffee ser-
vice needs part time appointment 
setters, 8am to 4pm, Mon-Fri, no 
weekends or evenings. Located in 
Sorrento Valley. Computerized, 
great working conditions. Training 
providing: salary + commission! Call 
Peggy, 453-8584. (7/1) 

FOR SALE 
Paper and beaded earrings, Bar-
rettes too. Innovative designs and 
shapes. Prices start at $5. Call 
Marilyn 436-1152. Encinitas Artist. 
(7/1-8/5) 

FOR SALE: 2 100-watt amps, 3-
way crossovers, and Kicker Box. 
Over$1000value. $6000.b.o. John 
@ 558-3780. (5/24-8/6) 
CAR - Renault Le Car. 1980. 
Needs new clutch. $275. Message 
226-2487. (7/1) 
'87 HONDA ELITE-80, Red; Runs 
greaVbody good; 4500 miles; $900 
or best offer. Peter, 481 -0770. (7/1) 
Bike rack, Hollywood make. Mounts 
easily on rear of car. Like new. $35. 
452-0279. (7/1) 

HOUSING 
Del Mar: Master bedroom with bath-
room for two, fully furnished, wash-
er, dryer, TV, VCR, close to beach 
and shopping center. Beautiful lake 
surroundings. Available June 15. 
$250/person Call 259-9121 . (7/2) 
Senior retiree wishes to assist ma-
ture, reliable, studious male medi-
cal student with free private room, 
partial board, garage, In exchange 
for some companionship. 282 -8612. 
(617-8/6) 

Del Mar. 3 BRl2.5 Ba. One room 
available (August), $360 + deposit 
+ 1/3 utilities. Tennis, pool , Jacuzzi. 
Responsible , considerate non-
smoker. 792-5698. (7/1) 
Univ ersity City $275. Female 
needed for own room in nice 3 
bedroom house. Patio, piano, ca-
ble TV, washer/dryer. 12 minutes to 
UCSD. No smokers, no pets, no 
drugs. Call Mark or Alison 534-
2391 or 534-3383 (message). (7/1) 
Need roommate, clean, no party. 
$300 + 1/3 utilities. Summer school 
to '91 academic year. Brian 536-
7712. (617-7/2) 
Own room large Mira Mesa condo. 
$310/mo, 1/4 utilities. Call Paul, 
549-6642. Students only, please. 
(7/2-8/5) 
House for Rent_ Country living, 
Panoramic Pauma Valley view. 2 
bdrm. 1 ba. Appliances, fireplace. 
$S50/mo. 742-1874. (7/2) 
Quiet room, University City home, 
ideal for graduate, private bath, 
kitchen privileges, $330/mo., de-
posit. 453-5376. (7/2) 

SUMMER SPECIALS! When Ollly tbe finest will do ... 
~ 

·?!@o I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

inor Tune Up Special $ 35 *(reg. $55) 
I Spark plugs Our tune up rnciCX1es a lot more than others h If1dudes 
2. DlslnbulOf points 6 Clean' replenish a!IIIUld & o~ levels 10. Check undercarnage lor damages 
3 Condensers 7 Check btakes II Check cooling syslem & hoses 
4 Adlusllmng 8 Check dUlch 12. Road lesl 
5. Ad,uSI dwell angle 9 Check hghls 

Monday, July 1, 1991 

House rental, block from UCSD, 3 
bdrm, 1 bath, security system, 1 
year lease, 1300,month, all utilities. 
Phone (503) 752-8247. (7/1) 
BAY PARK. Large room In beautiful 
3 bedroom, 2 bath house. $335, 
depoSit, utilities. 276-7069. (6/15-
7/2) 
LA JOLlA/GOLDEN TRIANGLE. 
Vegetarian graduate nonsmoker 
seeks reasonable roommates, 
$275-400 negotiable. CALL 581-
2987 x5735, message. (7/1) 
Room available now for summer 
$275. UC area. $200 depoSit + 1/4 
utilities. Great place to study, play, 
or fall in love. Furnished or unfur-
nished. You do whatever you want. 
Monica, John, or Gina, 452-9409. 
(7/1 ) 
Responsible, mature, laid-back-
cool M/F non-smoker wanted to 
share 2 bdr furnished apt. close to 
campus. Pool, all amenities. $350/ 
mo rent, $350 deposit, 1/2 utilities 
(real cheap). AVAILABLE AUG. 1st 
or SEPT. 1 st. Call Linda at 558-
9025. (7/1-8/5) 
Looking for 2 responsible/studious 
females for master bedroom in 3 
bedrm. LJ townhouse near LJ Vil-
lage Square (Sept-June). Bus/Ga-
rage/Laundry/Pool. No smoking! 
pets. $350/mo. each + 1/4 util. 597-
0352. (7/1-8I5) 
APARTMENTS FOR RENT : One 
and two bedroom units. Low, low 
deposit. Two pools/spas, two ten-
nis courts; fireplace and covered 
parking available. Call Becky or 
Carolyn at 587-1221. (7/1) 
Roommate(s) needed for summer. 
Condo in Solana Beach. Contact 
Renee at 458-1 070 or Theresa at 
587-8873. (7/1) 
DEL MAR. Roommate needed to 
move in immediately. $250/mo + 
util. Alex, 792-7480. (7/1-815) 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
1. Compression lesl Ewalor fuel'lnfected Our rTIiIfor tune up rrrcludes (reg. $150) 
2 Valve adjuSimer.: II . AdjuSi bmlng 21 Check & replemsh an 28 Check and recharge ylomers 

Replace 12. AdjuSI dwell angle flUid and ad levels banel'f, II necessary 
3 Votve cover gaskel 13 AdlUSI carburelOf 22 Check elelncal sySiem 29. ROlale bres (II needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14 AdJuSi sleerlng box 23 Check lor loose or IOSI 30 Check tire pressure 
s. Otslnbulor potniS 15 Adjusal/ & luel rauo r11l). bolts 31 . Lube door hinges 
6 Condensers 16 AdjuSi dUich 24 Check btakes 32. Check all holders 
7 All Mer. 17 Adjusl brakes 25 Check clulch 33. Check cooling system & 
8 011 liNer. 18 Adjust emergency bta es 26 Check hghls hoses 
9 Gas I~ter . and 19 Check & adlUSI exposed 27 Check undercamage lor 34 Check exhauSi syslem 
10. Engine oil belts damages 35 Road tesl 

20 Lube Ironl end 
NoI. for6-cyllndtrcal$llcldS20 ToycuSupras acldSJO DalSun200SX."th8soark~ acldS35 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
Werlip/ace 

I TranSllllsStOn IIlput shah seal {exeep! 4 Throwoul beallOg NOle. Hydraultc pariS are not covered 
Hondas 5 PdOI beallngs Not lor 4WD Fronl wheel drIVe eXIra. 

2. Pressure plale 6 New tranSllllSSlOn oil . 
3. Clulch dISC 7 Road test 

Brake Job SpeCial $39 *(reg. $80) 
Front or rear. Brake JOb rrrciudes: 

1 !nstaU speoal new pads or IIlSlall rear brake shoes 5. Bleed enille brake syslem 
2 Oram old brake NUid 6 Adjusllronl (II drums) and rear shoes 
3. lnSjled compIe:e hydrauhc system 7. Replace!ront rotor seals (II rotor tum) 
4. ReM hydraulIC lluld 8. Road teSi 
Note Hydraulic: pans ate not ..a..ded 

........ new ....... Ask IIbout our ....... nit .. for ....... ow ........ l .. 
All our work ..... 2., .. or 20,000..1" .1IIft ... warr.tJ. 

U ..... lnc ...... parts ......... . 

o,erse~~ ('most cars) 
- ~ 8008 Miramar Rd . • ...1.990 AuDnaIIue Rlpli I Wrthf1ts~~-=t'.S. 1991 

•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday-Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open ""rdIIy 

&9fis 
Costa Verde Center 

near Soup Exchange 

8750 Genessee Ave. 
San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

IVeck!iwr 
uorld wide.' 

~------------UCSD DISCOUNT 

25% 
OFF 

~ )llU mention thi., ad and 
ptek up the onIc:r in penon! 

L.... __________ ___ _ ..... ____________ .J 


