
noJWi..,....ofVP 
BDemII Molly McKay last 
MIlk coaftrms wlllllIIOIt 
cynics hive beea .Yins all 
aJona-..... ., 
powerleu. Tbe oo1y tool II 
Ibe ....... body's disposal is 
Ibe power of penuasion.Jf 
....... want to make 
cbange. aU Ihey an hope for 
is cbe sy~ ear ollbe 
IIdminisaIdonIPAGE 4 

.FEATURES 
Fouaded almost 20 years 

lID. NORML is a national 
edUCIIioa poup aeeking to 

~kIpIiIe DJMijulna. A 
medertAlbe UCSD 
cbtpW -- thIt aivia& ~ its fonDer status 
would 8aYC billions of dollars 
curreatly used to c:nforoe the 
lawIPAGIU 

.AIE 
British style bas long been 

an influence in America, and 
the field of animation is no 
exception. "The British 
Animation Invasion" features 
some of chc very btsl recent 
animation from across fhe 
AtlanticIP AGE 14 

.SPORTS 
The UCSD softball team 

lost 1.() to USD in die 
c:haanpioDIbip lame of the 
UCSD Triton Softball 
CIasic: when SlId Roper 
lined alinale into left in the 
IeYfIIIb inninI- The nm WM 
abo tint 1CCnd ..... the 
1'riIoaa in two pmes and six 
...... UCSD ....... 
15-1.AO&a 

'Auggie' Orozco Wins 
Presidential Election 
• Malek wins VP external; all 
A.S. referenda questions pass 
By Eric Schmidt 
Staff Writer 

UCSD tudents elected Agu tin "Auggie" Orozco for 
president and Siamek Malek for vice pre ident of external affairs 
in la t week's AS. election . 

'" was very exci ted," 
Orozco said, adding that before 
the result came in, he "didn't 
really know what to expect." 

Orozco won over 70 per-
cent of the vote, with811 votes, 
defeating opponent Paul 
Varin. In the race for the only 
other contested po ition, 
Malek received 599 vote ,or 
86 percent of the vote, com-
pared to opponent Randolph 
Siwabessy, who received 307 
votes. Agustin Orozco 

All of the referenda on the ballot pas ed by large margins, 
receiving between 70 and 90 percent of their individual votes. 

Only 1,257 students voted in thi year's elections. According 
to Randy Woodard, directorof student organization and student 
government, that figure probably repre ent about nine percent 
of enrolled students. 

Woodard aid the turnout was low compared to past elcctions, 
when an average of 18 per ent of the tud nt body panicipated. 
In the past, he added, big i ues such as a po . ible lIC 0 football 
team drew up to 25 percent of the tudent . 

Woodard attributes the low turnout to the small number of 
candidates applying for position . 

"With a low candidate turnout, we get a low voterturnout," he 
said. 

Jennifer Kolsky/Guardian 
Land Ho! - A worker hoists the UC San Diego flag above the UCSD 
information booth on Gilman Drive. 

Also, the candidates didn ' t campaign as heavily with the 
smaller competition. Woodard explained. 

Woodard aid he believes that participation of more candidates 
See ELECTIONS, Page 8 

A.S. Funds $75,000 for 
Triton Pub Renovation 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Staff Writer 

In an event hailed as "one of the highlights of the year" 
by A.S. President John Edson, the AS. Council passed a 
$75,000 allocation that will be contributed to the Triton 
Pub Renovation Project. 

The open-roll vote initiated at Wednesday night's AS. 
meeting concluded at 4 p.m. Friday with a 21-1 vote in 
favor of the allocation, with two abstentions. The funding 
needed the support of three-quarters ofthecouncil-or 19 
affirmative votes - to pass. 

The A.S. funding will go toward expanding the pub's 
interior, as well as increasing seating capacity to 646, more 
than double the number of seats in the previous plan. The 
additional seating will be outside, but can be utilized for 
concerts with the use of a roll-up wall. 

The University Center Board (UCB) is also spending 
$210,000 to renovate the pub, and the Graduate Student 
Association (GSA) is contributing $20,000 for the creation 
of a separate bar area in the upper portion of the pub. The 
AS. allocation will bring the project's total amount raised 
to $305,000. 

Construction should start by July I, and is scheduled to 
be completed by October. 

"By Winter Quarter next year the AS. and student 
organizations will be able to use the pub," Edson said. 

In return for its contribution, Edson said, the AS. will 
receive special pub rental privileges for 15 years, and will 
have priority in scheduling pub events. The original AS. 
allocation proposal gave the A.S. the special rental privi-
leges for only IO years. 

The allocation passed despite objections among mem-
bersoftheA.S., who felt that the A.S. should not be funding 
a facility from student activity fee money. 

"The people who were against it had valid reasons," 
See PUB, Page 10 

SAAC Chair Vanness Harris (left), SAAC advisor Anthony Jameson 
(center), and Guardian advisor Randon Woodard at Friday's forum. 

SAAC Reps, Guardian Editors Discuss 
Paper's Treatment of Issues of Color 
By Brian Itow 
Senior Staff Writer 

Citing inadequate and unfair cover-
age of the campus' underrepre ented 
population by The. UCSD Guardian, the 
Student Affirmative Action Committee 
(SAAC) met with members of the news-
paper's executive board Friday in an 
effort 10 alleviate the perceived injustices 
that had talcen place and to increase 
awareness and sensitivity in its appproach 
to issues involving people of color on 
campus. 

The three-hour forum addressed two 

main concerns that SAAC had with the 
Guardian's coverage of th~ campus. 
SAAC members pecifically alleged that 
the manner in which the Guardian. has 
chosen to cover events depicted students 
of color in an unfavorable light, and that 
the newspaper refused toprovidealtema-
tive views to its main line of thinking. 

The first concern that SAAC mem-
bers addressed had to do with the seman-
tics used by the Guardian in its coverage 
and depiction of the campus' ullderrepre-
sented population. SAAC representatives 

See FORUM, Page 9 



1 NEWS 

UCSD Biologist Named as 1991 
Recipient of Searle Research Grant 

Assistant Professor of Biology Comelis Murre has 
been named a 1991 Searle Scholar for his research in 
devclpmental biology and tumor formation. 

Murre, who joined the faculty in Sc:ptemberof 1990, is 
one of 18 winners of the award Ibis year. He win receive 
a three-year grant of$I80,OOOfrom the Searle Foundation 
to help continue his work. 

Funds 10 suppon the grant come from trusts estab-
lished under the wills of Frances Searle and John Searle, 
fonner president ofG.D. Searle & Co. of Skokie. minois. 
a pharmaceutical company. 

Murre's studies have focused on the role that two 
proteins called E 12 and E47 play in human development. 
New AnalysiS of Quantum Effects 
Predict Material Properties 

Los Alamos National Laboratory researchers have 
developed a new method of studying dynamic quantum 
effects in materials through computer simulations. Their 
approach provides a way to predict measurable properties 
of materials from the simulations of quantum effects at the 
atomic level. and has turned up one finding that can be 
tested experimentally. 

Quantum effects govern the behavior of electrons in 
materials at the atomic level. 

"Fora wide variety of materials the quantum effects are 
essential to understanding the observable material prop-
ertie ." said Jim Gubematis of Los Alamos. Such mate-
rials include the new class of high-temperature supercon-
ductors. as well as semiconductors, electrically conduct-
ing polymers, and magnetic materials. 

Depar b. 181 Its of Chemistry, PhysIcs, 
To Hold Lectures Next Week 

• Monday - Dr. Thomas Neuhaus of the University 
of Bielefeld will lecture on "~ Gauge Higgs Model Re-
visited. a StudyofaCluster Algorithm"at2p.m. in Mayer 
Hall 4322. 

• Monday - Profe sor Roland Robins of ICN 

Calvin and Hobbes 
II I>IOtlt (oct(.. I\" 
K '/~r TItlE.. 9:l . 

I'U~ II OO'fIN /Iti~M 
M~\) ~ OI€ $10\:'5 
IIIt.IfU AA!) M: 01\l{RS 
AARl)I..'\ SIt¥;E.O! T\IA'I 

m~srut ~INED M'( 
~c;,T.' 

The UCSD Guardian 

~I. lac. will apeak on "1be SyaIbaiI of No¥eI 
GuanosiDe NudeoIldeI Wbicb klivale GTPBindini Rep-
Ialory ProIeinI" at 4 p.DL in Pefcnao Hall 104. 

• Monday - Dr. Ronald Waltz of 0eneraI Atomics lad 
UCSD will lecture on "Sc:aling of DimaIsionaIly Similar 
TokaInK Discharges" III 4 p.m. in MH 4322. 

• Tuesday - Dr. Russell Doolittle of UCSD willlec:ture 
on "Molecular Biology for Astronomers, Lesson If' 814 pm. 
in MH4322. 

• WedDesday - Dr. Philip Pinto of the Harvard 
Smithsooiao Center for Astrophysics wiD lectuIe on "Super-
novae from Mev to MIcrons" 81 1:30 p.m in MIl 4322-

• Wednesday - Dr. AJ1bur Biencnstock of Staaford 
University will speaIt on "StnIdUraI Studies of Amorpbous 
MetaI - Ge Thin F'1lms" 814 p.m. in MIl 4322. 

• Thursday - Professor Robert Coreonnof tbc Uni~­
sity of Nevada, Reno, wiD speak on "Carbonyls Backwllda 
and Forwards: GeomeIricaI Aspects of Lewis Acid kliva-
tion" at 10 a.rn. in Urey Hall 2102. 

• Thursday"":" Dr. Marzcll Herold of Hewlett Pacbn1 
will lecture on "Engineenld Variants of Dimeric Aspartate 
Aminotransferase to Study Domain Folding and Subunit 
1 nteraclions" 31 12 p.m. in the CMG Lecture Room. 

• Thursday - Dr. James Falleroftbe University of Colo-
rado will lecture on "Fifth Force Physics and the Gravity of 
Spinning Tops - What's Happening" 814 p.rn. in Under-
graduate Sciences Building 2622. 

• Friday - Dr. Louis Nood1eman of the Researcb Insti-
tute of Scripps Clinic will speak on "Spin Polarization, Spin 
Coupling and Electron Delocalization in Iroo SulfurProleins" 
at 4 p.m. in PH 102. 

FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 
UCSB Feminists Protest Fraternities 
During Fraternity Rush Event 

SANTABARBARA - Fraternity rush was disrupted on 
April 8 when a group of 14 black·dad, hooded women staged 
a silent protest in Isla Vista condeming what they caUed the 
"eJtploitative and oppressive" nature of the Greek system. 

The group, called the Creative Undetground Network of 
Truthful Sisters was met by surprised manbelsoftheLambda 
Oti Alpha, the first fraternity along the protest march route . 

.. -

by Bill Wattenon 

... -

~ 00i\C£ \b1 ~ 
SR'''.':. UP 'S1J8l~ 
lIE ~r WNoiT ~ 

TI\L\':. ~T~ 

Monday, April IS, 1991 

MID)' fnlanity membencxpcaeedtbeir sympathy for 
die women'l cause, but most said Ihey felt Ihe blanket 
cond","*jon of the system wa a broad generalization. 

The piotIesIOil Iandcd out ftyen blasting Ihe gn:dt 
~ for aIlepdIy promoting sexism and a rapcculture. 

"1be Gftdt system is oppressive to WODla1 .... The 
bigh numbers of women raped in fraternity houses by 
fmIemity bftIcbers are undeniable ... we hate and proccst 
dIia exploi1aIivc and oppressive system. Because these 
boys ha¥e c:aIlat .. biu:bes and cbicb, because they have 
nped out flab and spirits, bccauee Ihey glorify violelx:e 
apinIt women •.. " Ihe flyer Md. 
UCLA ConfeNnce Emphasizes 
Aftermath of the .,.,.., Gulf war 

LOS ANGl!I..BS - Tbe war with Iraq is not over, 
8CCOI'din8 to activists who rallied 011 April S in Westwood 
Plaza. 

Members of various anD-war coalitions. including ac-
tivist Ron Kovic, a Vieulam veteran, aaended the rally, 
wbich centered on "Healing the Wounds of War," empha-
sizing tbc brutal aftennatb of war abII some activists say is 
ignored by Americans. Tbe purpose of Ihe rally was to 
infonn students about war-tom conditions that still exist 
arouncllhe world. 

"Some think Vietnam and Iraq are over. It iuti1l going 
on. The after-effects are sti1I going on for the people of 
those counIries." said Don Luce, member of Ihe Alia 
R.esoun:e Cenrer and one of the main speakers. 
uc Faculty MeI.tbers ReceIve Grants 
For Research In latino Policy 

Research grants of approximatcly $200,000 have been 
awllded to faculty members on five UC campuses as pan 
of tile I990UCLatina,lLatinoResearch Programadminis-
tered by the California Policy Seminar. 

The gram funds were offered by the UC office of the 
praideot in response to recommendations made in the 
April 1989 report. "1be OIIIIlenge: Latinos in a Changing 
California. " 

The report, prepared by the university, followed a 
resolution passed by the state senate calling for a progmm 
of n:search to address occds and problems relevant to 
California's LatilWLatino population. 

Among Ihe recipients were Iudith Fullerton of UCSD 
for her research 011 "Hispmics and Prena&al Care: San 
Diego County," and Ricardo Stanton-SaiazarofUCSD for 
his resean:b on "Networks, Social Support. and Social 
MotHJitY: The Question of Access Among High Achiev-
ing 0Iican0 Youtb." 

,..~--~...... _ ...... -
.UC&....-•• _I0 .. __ ._.I1 .... -,.-. ..., 
..-._ ••• _Il10 __ .. __ .... _,,--

.... Il10_ :'=_' --_.. Ii' ... .... ''Il10 ........ 11+ ...... _. ___ Il10 __ 
_11 ...... -.--
..... ~ ........ ~r.:DW .. l 
UCSD GuanIan, 9500 G .... DrM 0316, 

La ..... , CA 92093:f316 

Monday, April IS, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Schnurer Forced to SulTender Price Center Key; Was Using Office as 'Hotel' 
• Administrators also say missed meeting led to postponement of TG 
By IIIIry Betty Heard 
Associate News Editor 

The TO originally scheduled for last Fri-
day was postponed because A.S. President 
John Edson and A.S. Commissioner of Pr0-
gramming Man Schnurer failed to anend the 
fmal coordination meeting for the event. ac-
cording to UCSD administrators. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Programs andFacilitiesTom TuckerexpIained 
that since no one from the A.S. attended the 
meeting. "It was like planning a gym concert 
and not having the promoter there. " 

"The bottom line was [that] the sponsoring 
organizations did not have representation at 
the coordination meeting." Tucker said. 

Director of Student Government and Stu-
dent Organizations Randon Woodard said that 
personnel from organizalions worlcing on the 
TO. like the technical crew. the police. and 
Sraff Pro. had been invited to the meeting to 
ensure that the TG would be successful. Since 
Schnurer was not present and Edson arrived 
40 minutes late, the TG was postponed until 
April 26. Woodard said that the TG will 
feature They Eat Their Own, the same band 
scheduled for April 12. 

"What most people don't realize is [that] 
the logistics of a TG [at the Price Center 
requires] greater security, so that we can have 
a TG ... without a beer garden." Woodard 
said. 

Edson explained his late arrival at the 
meeting, saying, "I wasn't supposed to be 
there. [Tucker] was upset because nobody 
from the programming comminee showed up 
- meaning Man Schnurer." 

"[Tucker] was yelling at me and yelling at 
Randy Woodard," Edson said. "He really lost 
his cool. He wanted to lecture me on why Man 
wasn't there." 

"As far as I understood. this meeting was 

supposed to be a checlcJist," Schnurer said. "I 
question the importance that Tucker placed 
on this meeting." 

Schnurer said one reason for hi absence 
was a meeting he had with Woodard the day 
of the TG meeting. At the meeting. Schnurer 
said. he was asked to rum in 

"This give [Schnurer] the opportunity to 
work from seven in the morning to II at 
night." Woodard aid. 

"We're nol taking away [Schnurer's] abil-
ity 10 pelform his elected position," Tucker 
said. "He doesn'l need 10 be here at five in the 

his office keys. According to 
bod! Woodard and Tucker. 
this was a re ult of Schnurer 

morning. It has nothing to 
do with his job." 

----------- While Schnurer said 

" sleeping in his office several He doesn't need to be nights per week. despite fre-
quent warnings nol to use his 

that it would be unfair for 
the administralion to take 
away his keys but not the 
keys of other A.S. officers. 
Tucker disagreed. office as a "hotel." 

Woodard said that 
Schnurer was asked to tum in 
his keys because he had been 
abusing his privileges as an 
A.S. officer by sleeping in 
his office. 

"It is a liability issue. a 
health issue, [and] a safety 

here at five in the morrr 
ing. It has nothing to do 

with his job .... I have 
never had [any other A.S. 
officers] use this place 

as a hotel. 

" 

"I have never had [any 
other A.S. officers] use this 
place as a hotel ." Tucker 
said. 

TOM TUCKER 

Tucker said that he be-
lieved Schnurermissed the 
TG meeting because he 
was upset over the key i -
sue. issue," Woodard explained. assistant vice chancel/or Tucker said that "we have __________ _ "Man told me he had 
an academic commitment 
and [ said, 'You were up-

sel. weren't you?' and he said ·yes '." Tucker 
said. 

two problems that are factors 
here. One is that someone is at the Price 
Center late at night, and the second is a 
liability issue. [Man] has been asked ... not 10 
use the Price Center as a hotel." Both he and 
Woodard were concerned of what would 
happen if there was a fire at the Price Center. 

"Since he has been repeatedly asked not to 
do this. for security and liability reasons, [he 
will) not be allowed access to the building 
during non-business hours," Tucker said. He 
said that they do not wanl him to have separate 
access to the building so thaI he can spend the 
night. 

Woodard said that keys will be available 
for Schnurer to check out at EDNA or from 
the A.S. secretary during the hours that the 
Price Center is open. 

According to Schnurer. his absence was 
caused by "a combination of two lhing ." 

"One. it's about time that I stan concen-
trating on my studies," Schnurer said. "The 
other side is the key i sue." 

Schnurersaid that he added a new class lasl 
week that prevented him from attending the 
meeling. 

"I keep remembering what Lynn Peterson 
[director of University Events] said: 'You're 
here to be a studenl ... • Schnurer added. 

Both Woodard and Tucker said that there 
were several instances when Schnurer was 
found sleeping in the building. According to 

A.S. Programmer Matt Schnurer 
Tucker. the reason the key issue came up 
recently was reports from the custodians of 
four or five incidents in which they found 
Schnurer in the building on Saturday morn-
ings. 

Ed on and Schnurer justified Schnurer's 
sleeping habit by noting that the nature of 
Schnurer's job requires him to work late 
hours. 

"The problem is that he's been in there a 
long lime ... four nights a week. he' there 
past [the last shuttle bus)." Edson said. 

"My economic situation ain't so hot." 
Schnurer said. "It's a great hardship trying to 
doajobthatlakes omuch [time]. I'm pUlling 
in 50 to 60 hours a week. When I'm not at 
class. I'm [at my office]." 

He added that since he is respon ible for 
every even!. he needs to attend them. As many 
last until I a.m., and he does not have a car and 
lives 30 mile away in Ramona. he finds it 
difficult to get home. 

See SCHNURER, Page 8 

1991 CLEARANCE SALE 
UCSD SPECIALS 

• ! TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
--c" MHsubish. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
1. Spirk plugs Our tune up indudes a lot ITIOI'II thM OIhers. II indJd6s: 
2. OIStribulOl' points 6. Clean & replenish aU fiuid & oil levels 10. Chad< undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes II . Check cooing syslem & hoses 
4. Adjust liming 8. Check ckJlch 12. Road lest 
5. Adjust dwell ~gle 9. Check ighls 

,~!~Oint M!j2!.!e~~~~Cial l!~~· 
2. Valve a~ustmer.: 11. Adjust timing 21 . Check & replenish all 28. Chad< m red1arge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dweU angle "uid m oil levels banef)', W rl8C8S5a1)' 
3. Valve COVel gashl 13. Adjust carburelor 22. Ched<. ete1rical system 29. Rolale ures (il reeded) 
4 Spa-k plugs 14. A~st sleering box 23. Ched<.lor loose or lost 30. Ched<. tire pressure 
5. DistribulOl' points 15. /4Js iIIr & luel ratIO mix bolts 31 . lIlbe door hinges 
6. Ccn1ensers. 16. Adjust d~ch 24. CIled<. brakes 32. Chad< al holders 
7. AIr finer. 17. Aqust braMS 25. Check cIulCh 33. Check e<:OOIing sySlem & 
8. Oil fiher. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Check IighlS hoses 
9. Gas ijter. and 19. Chad< & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage lor 34. Chad< exhaust syslem 
10. Engine o~ belts damages 35. Road lest 

20. lIlbe Iront end 

~t:f«6~c;;Pi;t;'CI~t~8hj;b' $169 * 
WerBfiacs: 

1. Trnmission input $halt seal (except 
Hondas 

4. ThrOWOYl beaJing Nole: Hydraufic parts are nol covered. 
5. Plio. bea'ings Not for 4WD. Front wheel drive extra. 

2. Pressure plale 6. New ~ansnUsion oil • 
3. CkJtch disc 7. Road lest $ * 

Brake Job Special 39 (reg. $80) 
Front Of relll. Bralle JOb nctudes: 

1. !nstaI special ~ peds or tnstall rear brake SIloes 5. Bleed enbre brake system 
2. DIan Old brake nuid 6. ~t Iront (rt ciums) ~d reat s/loes 
3. Ins;JI1CI c:ompie1e hyaaIJIlC system 7. Replace iron! r0101 seals (rt rOlOl tum) 
4. RtfjJ hydraulic lkid 8. Road 1851 
Nolo: HyIIr ..... ~ .. ,.. rDIdod 

................. Ask ............... ,...,. ........ ow .......... 
AI our wOfk ..... z.,-- or 20,000-1" IIIIIted warnntr. 

All prioes Include ........ labor. 

OU~e.~ ('mostcafS) '.511 ~ 8008 Miramar Rd . • ..1990 
AuUMItIuI Rlpllt. Offer~~==.tNaad. 
•• d •• d •• 

Towing and rental car available. Monday.fnday. 7:30 am-6 pm. Open .... rday 

~~~~[R1~[L 
[Q)~~~@[N]~WJ 
~©[N]~ 
Factory 
Outlet 
Clothing 
Sale 

50%·90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Tweeds· Members Only 
Line Up· Limited 

Wed.-Sat. 11 am-6 pm 
Sunday 12 noon-5 pm 

Itll~ APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
r~ 8250 camino Santa Fe 

Lr,JI'=t. Miramar, CalHornla 
(619)450·3323 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

PHIL GRUEN. EdilOr in Chief 
ROBIN MAC LEAN, Managing Edilor 
JASON SNELL. ews Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

TM UCSD GwvdiOlt II P'!bhibc-d lhrcc tlmel • wed AI \be U'UVU'WI1 0( Cahfonua. San OKlO. 
Contcnu CI991 V.c ...... CllprtSKC hue", rtptCKfI' the maJoru)' vote oflhcc4llona1 board. Md are not 
ne«lWlly thow': of the UC Board 0( Relents. the ASUCSD. Mr W entlI'C GUDlduuI Malr. 

A.S. WATCH: 1991 

One Frustration After Another 
Last week, students were given a rare and telling glimp e of 

the true state of student power at UCSD. With the resignation of 
A.S. VP External Molly McKay last Wednesday, the general 
student population witnessed much more than the depanure of a 
burned-out student who'd had all she could take of the train of 
student government. Rather, McKay's resignation confirmed 
what the cynical and apathetic masses have been preaching all 
along: Students have no power - never had it, never will. 

This rather gloomy assessment is exactly what McKay and 
many of her AS. colleague had hoped to avoid, and perhaps 
even change. Once in office, McKay found that the system was 
far too big to tackle alone, and when she looked to the tudent 
body for support, all she found was a seaofblank, uncaring faces. 
Instead of making all of the changes she had promised to do her 
best to make, she only became frustrated. Her experiences in the 
AS. taught her a valuable lesson about the role of the student 
within the university's vast bureaucratic sy tern. Quite simply, 
the student has linle, if any, role at all. As McKay so succinctly 
put it in her resignation address, "Our voice is so often ignored." 

A student leader at UCSD is placed in adifficult situation. On 
one hand. he or she is being placed in a situation where virtually 
everything they do i subject to the approval of half-a-dozen 
administrators. Month of negotiations and pi arming for a par-
ticular program or a new policy proposal can, in effect, be wiped 
away at the word of an administrator. On the other hand, most of 
the tudent body couldn ' t care less if some proposed policy 
change live or dies. Mo t students seem to either believe thallhe 
opinion of the student body means nothing, or they argue that 
they don 't concern themselves with student-admini trative af-
fairs - that' what they elected their student representatives to 
do. 

Most UCSD students don't care about student government. 
Only lightly more than 11 percent of an undergraduate student 
body of about 14.000 even bothered to vote in this year's A.S. 
campus-wide elections. Indeed , perhaps even more telling is the 
lack of candidates running for an AS. position this year. Last 
Spring. there were more than 40 candidates running for the 
variou executive,commi ioner,andsenatorialpo it ion . There 
were ix candidates for AS. pre ident alone. This year, there 
were only two pre idenlial hopefuls, and the total number of 
candidates for the various elected positions was just above 20. 
Many position went uncontested. It will be hard for any of the 
candidates this year to claim a mandate from the student body. 

McKay's resignation is a rather anti-climactic ending to what 
seemed to be an exciting and productive year for theA.S. council. 
Thi year's council managed to avoid the divi iveness and in-
council conflict that had crippled its predecessors. Under the 
shrewd leadership of John Edson, the council seemed to do welJ. 
McKay's depanure indicates that not all cloud have a silver 
lining. Even the mo t dedicated and unified of councils can 
buckle under the tress of the system. 

McKay should not be remembered as a quiner. She may have 
withdrawn from the banle, but she has not given up the fight. 
Rather, her resignation should be considered as a lesson to 
students and a waming to her successors. If the members of next 
year's AS. council really think they can change the system, then 
they will be nothing more than a group of disappointed individu-
als. For mo t students, their experience on the AS. council will 
amount to little more than another line on their resume. 

Next year's council must realize that it has lillie power at its 
disposal. Its most powerful weapon is, as John Edson put it, "the 
power of persuasion." Edson knew how to use that power, and 
used it well. Next year' & council, under Auggie Orozco, will have 
to be equally masterful of that tool. Gone are the days of hot-
headed demands for student empowennent. What is needed now 
is a group of cool, persuasive heads willing to work with, and not 
against the administration for the advancement of student con-
cerns. 

Students may eventually have more of that much-desired 
power, but it will require a great deal of time and effort, and a 
willingness on the pan of the entire student body to show that it 
cares about it fate within the university. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 15, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Let the Wortd Put ItseH Back Together 
• The end of the Persian GuH War provides an excellent opportunity to 
create a new world order with little interference from the UnRed States 
By Greg DIxon 
Associate cpm;on Editor 

The Persian Gulf War is over. Now America can 
stop being happy and stan worrying about the ral 
world We beat Iraq into oblivion, and now we must 
work on putting the world bact together. 

Or at least that is what everyone says we must do. 
I would like to make a humble proposition. Let's let 
the world put itself back together. 

Granted, this is not the typical attitude for an 
American conservative to adopt, but in many ways it 
makes a great deal of sense. For the last 40 years, the 
United States has fmanced the globe through a va-
riety of hefty financial aid programs and has con-
ttolled the world's political agenda through a variety 
of multilateral institutions, such as the United Nations. 
It is about time thalthe U.S. government lets the rest 
of the world playa guiding role as well. 

In the political realm, the U.S. should cease dic-
tating tenns to the world. While this accomplished 
mucb when America was the uncballeoged hegemon 
of the Western order, the modem world is a diffemu 
place. America should let Europe, Japan, and the rest 
of the developing world fend for itself. 

This does not mean curtailing all foreign aid 
programs, nor does it mean we should witbdraw into 
an isolatjonist shell. What this does mean is that 
America must re-align its priorities. 

The first priority of the U.S. should be the eco-
nomic growth of the national economy. At the m0-
ment, this growtb is threatened by a number of 
factors. One is the failure of American industry to 
adapt to foreign competition. 

While the exact causes for this are some things on 
which reasonable people disagree, it is clear that 
foreign companies produce a superior product at a 
considerably lower price in a number of 8J"C8S. In 
other areas, America bas protected its domestic 
market to the point that local industJy is unable to 
compete because it has been spoon-fed for 100 long. 

How do we solve this problem? Fint of an, 
promote free trade with a passion. The U.S.-Canada 
Free Trade Agreement is a good first 1Itep, but we 
must soon expand this free trade zone to iDcludc the 
states in Central and South America. Mexico would 
be In excellent stan, followed by die Southern Cone 
Common Market, and eventually all of the region. 

The expansion of a free trade zone to all of IbI: 
Westem Hemisphere would benefit aD c:oncert)eCI. as 
well as provide a counterweight to the growth of the 
power of the European Community, 

A second area of conc:cm is peace and stability, 

Now that the Cold War is, in effect, over, there is 
liUle need forthe U.S. to supportcvery petty dictator 
who spouts 8Ilti-communist rhetoric. We have 811 
opponunity to drasti<:ally I1Iduce both aid to the 
tbird world and arms sales which destabilize 10cal 
baIanccs of power. 

The Cold War is not a concern of policy, and the 
Soviet Union has plenty to worry about at home for 
the next several years. Tbe cban<:es of a renewal of 
Soviet expansionism are slight, so the need to send 
billions of dollars overseas is no longer pressing. 

Developmental aid and humanitarian assistance 
has largely been a waste of American money over 
the last two decades, and in some areas, so many 
stiiogs were tied to the money that local identity 
was destroyed and the economic conditions wors-
ened as tbe population was demoralized. 

In the short tenn, all American aid to the rest of 
the world should be eliminated. Absolutely no 
money should flow beyond the borders of the U.s. 
The resulting savings could be used to payoff the 
burgeoning budget deficit. and with whatever is 
left, we could finance much needed projects at 
home, from urban mass transit, to education in the 
inner city, to preserving the environment. 

Lastly, the U.S. bas a chance to be realistic about 
being a world leader. One nation, no matter how 
powerful, cannot lead the world. It is self-desttuc-
tive. Commitment made in time of need outlasts its 
usefulness. 

'J'beJe is no reason to continue to coerce the rest 
of the world to follow the American dream. Let's 
face it, their dreams may be different and it's time 
they got the chance to live them. 

While it is clear that America is the most pow-
erful nation in the world. tIw has little benefit if the . 
cost of !bat status is that America becomes a mere 
meal tided for the rest of the world. What America 
needs to ranember is that being the most powerful 
nation does not oblige us to be a crutch foreveryone 
else. 

American interests are the only interests that 
shouJdc:oncem us in the next decade. This means III 
active ~t of American goals across the globe, 
nor a return to isolation and inditferellce. The key to 
AmeriCID policy in the next decade should be a 
realistic appraisal of what is end is not possible, 
What is pouibI~ is active defeoae of our interests. 
What is not possible is a cmtinuarion of 40 years of 
dominIdon. 

It is dine dIM we thioIc of the world in real terms, 
nor seIf-agrmdizinJ fmtas)'. 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

A TIae KlIer Confesses 
NEW YORK - Yes. I'm guilty. I 

dida'tlDlllll todoiL Buttbat's noexcuse. 
I did it. And I will have to live with it for 
the rest of my life. 

1boo ..... ofimloceolnea-whole 
fcnsra, I peas-are guuedand lifeJess 
because of my iporance. And to tbint it 
aJllIIdIId with a simple wimer jacket. 

"How come you always wear tbat 
raatyraincoatrmy par and good friend 
asked me last November. "Do you lhink. 
you're Lt Colombo?" 

"'IbisiswbatI wear wbenthe weather 
JCIS cold, " I said. 

"rm not going to be seen in public 
wilb a man who looks like he should be 
wipina windstrJds for qUll1erS," my 
grearandgoodfdendreplied. "I'm going 
to Older you a jacket. " 

Aday Jater. my great and good friend 

" Yes, I personally have 
helped to level our for-

ests, weaken the ozone 
layer, and increase the 
threat of global warm-
ing, all because I was 
too lazy to walk into a 

store. 

" showed up with a catalog filled with 
pictures of impossibly healthy men and 
women decked out in parkas, jackets, 
and overcoats in every color of the rain-
bow and many more never imagined by 
Mother Nature. 

I was hypnotized. So this is how those 
impoIisibly healthy guys get to loot thai 
way,ltboupt.1bey justbrowsethroup 
a maiJ..uder catalog and that was that. 

In a trice - maybe a trl4:e IIIId a half 
-I'dordueclaplumjacketandacerise-
and-guava parka. 

And thIl'. when the trouble bepJ. 
A few weeks later, my goods arrived 

- with two more catalogs offering ther-
mal underwear, solar-powered walking 
sboes, a IJ1OIlnrainc:er's down vest with 

~ 1ocaIerbcams, and acoUaps-
iblecanoe. 

A day Jater another catalog arrived 
from IIlOther mail-order house, some-
Ibing called "The Grear Beefsteak Mine 
Warehouse," and- featured photos of 
budy, mustached men knoc1ing bact 
hup steins ofbeer in a Western mining 
tOwn saloon: just the image, I gather, to 
pi)' loc;IIe the credir canS nwnbers of 

~ koocking back bellinis on 
"!halten's Upper East Side. 

'Iben CIIDC a slick bIoctIJre from 
FJizabeth', Secret Room. II offered 
comely )'OUQI women in their under-
.... , wblchllpp8laJlly was designed by 
16-,.-0lil boys - and I mean that as 
... oftbe biaIa& order. 

But wily, t 8Ibd my pallDd JOOd 
friead, wa1bis comina ro my home? 

'"You lie a dope, "my IfCIIIDd aood 
f'IIead IIid atrcIon.ay (I tbD.). 

"ObYiouIIy,abemalHxderilol.-you 
oMnId 6un 1OkI)'OIB" name to aoodIer 

See CATALOGS, Page 8 

The UCSD Guardia.n OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Let the Kurds Find the Solution 
As the bloody civil war between the 

Kurds and pro-Saddam troops cools, many 
people believe military in&ervention is in 
Older. While omrinuina to help and protect 
Ibe fleeing Kurdish people is a muat forour 
JOVemmeaI, the ove:rell ouu:ome of U.s, 
miIiIary involvement in the Imqi civil war 
and the founding of an iMq!endeJlI Kwdish 
stale will be devastaling for the region. 

Tbc paodcmonious estaNishment of a 
Kwdish8l8l.ewillbriDatumlOilllOthe Middle 
East. This is due to the fact thai the founding 
of a Kurdish nation will wxIoubrcdly bring 
about asimilarShiitesea:ession in the South. 
This wiD ~t in the tumultuous fragmen-
Iatioooflraq. The two SIllIeS, each separated 
by aperpelU8l civil war, wouldbe marked by 
the sanguinary cont1icrs which pIa.&ued 
Lebenon. This scenario wiD only suve 10 
dealabilize the region and saengthen Iran 
and Syria, two nations wtUcbbaverepeatcdly 
served .. a lawlcbing pad for world terror-
ism IIId regional aggression. 

In addition. the lcadenhip that would 
arise from the Nins of a devastated Iraq 
would closely rescmbIe abe autocratic tyr-
anny ofSaddam Hussein. The people of Iraq 
have never experienced the basic freedoms 
which arc necessary for a delJlOCl1lCY, FIllC 
pras, speech, elections, and tolerance of 
opposins views arc alien concepts to this 
nation. Leslie Gelb of the New York Times 
notes, MMosUikely they will be dictatorships 
which will victimize their own countrymen. 
tenorize their own new minorities, and in-
vite foreign intrigue." In this type of envi-
ronment, democracy could never take root 

Helping the Kurdish rebels overthrow 
the Iraqi government will doom us to yet 
another frustrating and divisive conflict, the 
likes of wbich DOl seen since Vietnam. One 
can only imagine the difficulties involved in 
sending American troops, planes, and tanks 

RECOIL/ .. ,-' . - ',' , 

into Baghdad to determine the future of the 
Iraqi people. It was one thing to fight the 
Iraqi anny when they were occupying for-
eign &Oil, but the situation is radically altered 
when U.S. uoops march invincibly about 
rhe Iraqi homeland. 

Achieving victory overSaddam Hussein 
and his attending loyalist rroops would just 
bethebeginningofalonganddifficultbanJe 
to try to ensure stability in the ravaged Arab 
state. _ 

11Ie ne~t step will involve the unwieldy 
task of occupying Iraq and setting up a 
provisional government. Once this is ac-
complished, free elections will be required. 
But in the end, no one can ttuly guarantee a 
lasting and durable democracy. Clearly, the 
process of establishing a Kurdish stale will 
be a formidable task. 

11Ie same justifications which allowed 
the U.S. to free Kuwait cannot be rightfully 
appliedtolhe1raqicivil war. The invasion of 
Kuwait was a textbook case of naked ag-
gression against a peaceful neighbor. The 
appropriate response was U.N. approval for 
the expulsion of Iraq from the beseiged 
Kuwait. The U.S., motivated by strong na-
tional interest, sought Kuwait's liberty. Un-
fortunately for Iraq, Kuwait turned out to be 
an ally which America was ready and will-
ing to defend. 

CLOSE-UP 

If, under the current circumstances, we 
could be assured of a peaceful and benefi-
cial democracy, then more help for the 
Kurds might be in on:h:r. But -as we have 
seen time and time again - not even the 
people of Iraq would benefit from the es-
tablislnnent of fragmented nation-states. 

Now that the Persian Gulf War is over, 
Americans are not ready to see our troops 
embroiled in another military endeavor. 
The drawn out and bloody task of helping 
the Kurds overthrow theirgovenunent will 
undoubtedly cost many American lives 
and entangle us in a web of undesired 
obligations. At this point, most Americans 
want our troops home, and not dying in the 
streets of Baghdad in the midst of a nation's 
civil war. 

Let's not push our luck. The swift and 
dynamic victory will soon be forgonen as 
our nation becomes entrenched in the in-
ternal affairs of Iraq. This time we were 
able to avoid the casualties and Arab 
backlash thalmany predicted, but proceed-
ing to overthrow the Iraqi govenunent and 
attempting to actively intervene in its civil 
war might be the straw that breaks the 
terrorist's back. As one Egyptian diplomat 
put it, "There is still a lot of aUergy in the 
region towards the United States, and itcan 
be reactivated quickly." 

On a more optimistic note, Hussein's 
days are numbered. Most experts agree 
that once the smoke clears, his inner circle 
will assess the damage and blame him for 
the devastation which has been wrought 
upon their country. The present internal 
strife is evidence that the Jr.sqi people have 
already evaluated Hussein's role in their 
future, and have clearly decided that he has 
outlived his usefulness, One way or an-
other, Sad dam Hussein will fall , and lraq 
will survive. 

Feeding the Domestic SharkS 
• The art and entertainment of tackling college dietary habits and sexist'roles 
By LengLoll 
Arts & En_ta/limn Editor 

WboeversaidrhaUhewaytoaman'shean 
is through his stomach obviously failed 10 
take my roommates and I into consider· 
Ilion. rve come to believe that the way to 
win over-a woman's heart - at least, mine 
- is noI with flowers but through a bit of 
culinary activity. 

If my roommates and I could find our-
selves some males who wouldcook us some 
nice hearty meals, we would be in gastro-
oomicalheaven-althoughwe'dbearatber 
unfeminine bunch of angels with our glul-
tonous eating habits. 

We don!tactua1ly eat, come to thin1cofit. 
We fecd. Ever bearofthe fceding frenzy that 
sbarb go into when there's blood around? 
1bat'sus. 

In 10 minutes Oat - no conversation. 
jusI smacking of lips and grunts - we can 
devour a wbole hour'. wprth of culiDary 
labor. Which is why we want a few good 
mentobeJpusOUl 

We think .'sa dlmnedsblme to have to 
wortc 80 long and so banl for such a sbortand 
singular moment of gratification. We 
wouldn't mind a 1iuIc help with the task, if 
you koow what I mean. 

It', DOt tbat wedoo't like 10 cook - we 
do. De&pite die small size of our kircben, 
we'D happily crowd ounelves in there to 
concoct sornedIini for our consumption. 
Sia:c wedon 'ttalkovcrcliaaer, wesociali2le 
whaI we cook. - but iI does occasionally 
ad • bit compiicMed, ~ to c:o,,(6I11. 
011 the lalllltocws about abe neiPbon while 

chopping veggies. 
lsuppose it' s our way offemale bonding. 

Mcrrwatch football on the tube-we watch 
our spaghetti and meatballs on the stove. 
Every time I huddle with my roommates to 
compare notes on Chinese cooking, I think 
of the Thanlcsgiving dinner scene in 
.... ,About Last Night" where Demi Moore 
prooounces,;n's official. I've become my 
mother," 

1bat isn't to say, of course, that we 
embody all. of those fme ideals of domestic-
itywbichourmotherswereraisedtobelieve. 
We've had our share of domestic troubles 
-like when we left rice in the elcctric rice 
cooker over winter break. 

Whm first collfronred with the three-
week-old rice -looking a bit like a fuzzy 
black beard flecked with spqheUi saucc-
I wasn't quite sure bow to clean abe pot so 
that I could be positive I'd gotten rid of all 
those icky, spcR tbiopa.l thouJht maybe 
CIorox would kiD any unwelcome visitors 
ro die pot, but then apin, it migbt've ended 

up killing me too. To bleach or nOl to 
bleach? 

To teU the truth, I ended up calling a 
friend to ask her advice for cleaning out the 
pot - and to find out how to cook rice on 
the stove instead of in the electric cooker. 
How humiliating. I, an Asian, had to ask a 
W.A.S.P. how to cook rice because I'm so 
modem that I've lost touch with the basics 
of traditional cooking. 

I guess it was inevitable that using mod-
em appliances would eventually backfire 
on me. We women of today rely on micro-
waves about as much as single males do. 
(Has anyone figured out how to nuke a 
Banquet pot pie without having the crust go 
soggy on you?) But there is a limit to nuked 
food. 

After a while you wanl some real, 
freshly-cooked food - unlike our ances-
tral matriarchs, we don't care if the men 
have gone out and gotten us some fresbly 
hunted and skinned meat. Thanks, we just 
want it cooked. And 1 personally got tired 
of making a four-quan batch of stew , freez-
ing it, and eating it for two weeks. That and 
spaghetti were about all [ knew how to 
cook for a while. 

Thanks to junior high horne cconomics, 
though, we did know how to bake mutfms 
and chocola:ecbipc:ookies galore. We just 
didn't know how to cook food that would 
nutritiously sustain us, that's all. So much 
for practicality. 

I often wonderifindustrial arts prepared 
guys any better for "independent living." 

See FOOD, Page 7 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, April IS, 1991 

CATALOGS: Forest Genocide 
---Quotables COntinued from .,. 5 catalog bouse - that's one of the 

ways they make their money." 
"But why," I queried, "would 

anyone think that the same person 
who ordered a cerise-and-guava 
parka would order a set of Lycra 
lace thigh·high stockings?" 

"Well," she opined (this is one 
of the ways we keep our relation-
ship exciting: I query-she opines. 
Watch us on "Oprah"next week),"1 
guess it's a maner of percentages -
you ordered from one catalog, they 
think you'll order from another." 

1bat must have been it, because 
in the last two months, I've received 
well over a hundred catalogs, invito 
ingrnetooroershoes,semi-precious 
stones, lamb chops, real estate, 

we e VI 
III'1'1D'YC act 'ulo iu 1lhl. 
Full IChoIInhlps II UC 
KhootS ate alave "1ft. 

windshield wipers, and grave sites, 
all from the comfon of my home. 

And, by my calculations, these 
catalogs have eaten up about 24 
acres of trees. Yes,J personally have 
helped to level our forests, weaken 
the ozone layer and increase the 
threat of global warming, all be· 
cause I was too lazy to walk into a 
store. (Oh sure, I know about re-
cycled paper, but most of the slick 
catalogs I got were suspiciously 
virginal-I mean the paper, not the 
women in Lycra lace thigh·high 
stockings.) 

So if you walk down the street 
and see a man in a cerise·and·guava 
parka. weakened inconsolably from 
guilt, forgive him: He was only fol-
lowing mail-orders. 

"It is our duty to make the best of our misfurtunes, and not to suffer passion 
to interfere with our interest and the public good." 

- George Washington 
"You cannot get anywhere with a fanatic; you must never point out to 
anyone the defects ofhis mistress, nor should you show the feebleness of a 
cause to those who are advocating it, nor ofter reasons to one who is 
inspired." 

-Voltaire 
"Flatter no man to gain his favor, for this will add falsehood and injury to 
hypocrisy, that will react with a sure and sore vengeance." 

- Charles Simmons 

Thank you for signing with the Tritons. SILLY NEGRO. college athIesa wiU never gel paid 
at !his school. In a few years wilh lilY luck _'II 
move 10 davisioo one. I'll stand 10 make 100 miUion 
doll. TV deals wilb his WeilL Pay his tuition -
Hell, I'll wipe my us wilh more money than illakes 
10 do tMtl 

_ ..... UCSD .... .-It' ......... IOIli_U .... __ 
"'hobnIIIpI. T· ... Ins .... __ will be ooId . ....... ...-will 
ok'.-. ........ _ .. p. ..... be odmaaI.lzI_ ..... you 
..... UCSD_', lib .... Wly_coIIepa ...... IqOIoIaooI_ 
pI.o!)'tr1. We_', red iI ',rip''''''' P"Y-"_"_IO 
,.,... _ IUldao. 

BLAO< & WHITE CAATOONS 
OF COLOR 

r~--------------------' 

DIDN'T 'BBI.IJII JlllNlIlNQ IN 1111 U. RtBCiiOHS ? 

APPLY FORAN 
APPOIN2'£D POSmON 

ON TH E A.S. COUNCIL I 
COMMISSIONERS 

OPERATIONS/SERVICES. Be ENTERPRISES 
PUBLIC RELATIONS 

EX-OFFICIO 
ASUCSD STUDENT ADVOCATE 
A.S. JUDICIAL BOARD CHAIR 

COME SEE ANNA ON THE THIRD FLOOR OF THE PRICE 
CENTER FOR APPUCATIONS OR TO ANSWER ANY 

QUESTIONS. 
DEADLINE FOR THE APPLICATIONS IS APRIL 19 AT 4:00 PM 

INTERVIEWS WILL TAKE PLACE APRIL 20·21 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

FOOD 
Continued from page 5 
What did you guys learn in shop, 
anyway? My most vivid memory of 
taking a mo tly-male high school 
woodworkingclas wasofacciden-
tally sanding my nails instead of my 
projects. As for my memories of 
home-economic class, there's my 
teacher reprimanding me for mo t 
unfemininely sitting on the kitchen 
counter as she demonstrated how to 
knead dough: "Don't si t there. How 
would you like to cook on your 
toilet eat?" 

Why did they always try to split 
us up for home-economics and in-
dustrial ans, anyway? Don't those 
classes just perpetuate sexist roles? 
Excuse me, but 1'd like to know 
what to do when my car breaks 
down - and I'd like you, sir,to be 
able to cook me something more 
than just toast. 

Oh, sure, some schools have 
those progressivec~ "family liv-
ing" classes where assigned "mar-
ried couples" carry around eggs for 
a week or so,to see what parenthood 
is like. 

But why are they wonying about 
parenthood when I'm not sure I'll 
make it to marrying age without 
dying of malnutrition because I'm 
tired of cooking the same dishes 
over and over forme, myself, and!? 

Besides,eggs areun-hlp. They're 
just so high in cholesterol and sal-
moneUa. I avoid them for health 
reasons. So I never bothered finding 
out how long it takes to make a hard-
boiled egg. 

Mai) Call! 
The UCSD Guardian I-
welcomes your letters 
andrommentaries. Drop 
your letter at the 
Guardianoffires (on the 
second floor of the Stu-
dent Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it 
to: 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

DAILY WEAR (Cooperthin) .......... ................. $89 
EXTENDED WEAR (8 & L, 03104) .... .. ....... ... $105 
BROWN EYES BLUE (Myopes only) ............ $199 
_ :CompioItoyo _. GIo&.-.Ia5I' Ln~'''''''' PwrJ 

_ ... lorm_I~·F~CI(.·_CIIOkiI·F .. 
_, ~aining' T_ ... p_ . 0ItIII.,.... btands II $lOCk 

• OIIorvood lor 1IrsI·1im. pIIlofU 

r- , 
I 20% OFF I 
I A SECOND PAIR OF CONTACT I 
I LENSES OR BACKUP I GLASSES WHEN PURCHASED I WITH A PAIR OF CONTACTS I 
L (Offer expires 4130191) .J ~~~~----------...... --------Um~ed time oHer Earty evening & Saturday appointments now aV3Ilab18 

J & J Acu Vue or Clba disposable lenses $89 
for 4 boxes with current RX 

J & J Acu Vue or Ciba disposable lens 
complete package plan $189 

North 
County 
43M331 

6780 Miramar Rd. VISIONCAHE 
.... asterCard & Visa accepted 

578·6796 
East 

County 
668-4538 at Miramar & Commerce behind Carl's Jr. 

FREE ESTIMATES 
NO OBLIGATION! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Bring this ad. Expires 511191 . 

Mon.-Fri. 11-5 
Sat. 9-2 549-8233 
Written guarantee quality parts. 

BRAKE JOBS 
starting at 

$24.95 

NEW LOCATION 
GRAND OPENING 

-raM 
AUTOMOTIVE 

Take Miramar Road, left on Cabot, then right on Arjons 
to Foremost Business Park, Suite F 

It' 
lit ~N 

UC " 
SO 
.. 

I 
8545 Arjons ~ 

SUite F .; 

• 

Miramar Rd. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I Opinion Editor 

Guardian 
B-016, UCSD 

L __________________________________________ -~ 

La Jolla, CA 92093 
letters should be typed, 
double-spaced, and 
should include a signa-
ture and a phone nwn-
her. Unsignedlei"terswill 
not be printed. We re-
serve the right to editfor 
length and clarity. 

TeD Yow: FricDcbl 

READ 
THE 

GUARDIAN 
, 

LOTTERIES ANNOUNCEMENT 
for CoIege Lottery Information Mee~!!S I.oIteI y Card Due For Details Call 

•• Ia. Wednesday, April 1{)-{):30 p.m. Monday, April1S, 4:30 p.m. 534·3025 Revelle Why Not Here? 
for Muir Monday, April 8, 8:30 p.m. Friday. April 12, 6:00 p.m. 534-4200 Muir Top of the Quad 
411~1,~lillil,IIIII,llr- Third Tuesday, April 9-7:00 p.m. Friday, April 12, 4:00 p.m. 534·4341 

Mountain View Lounge 

Warren Thursday, April 11,-8:00 p.m . . Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 534-4581 
Warren Commons 

Fifth Monday, April &-9:30 p.m. Monday, April 15, 4:00 p.m. 534-2261 
Pepper Canyon Lodge 



8 NEWS 

ELECTIONS 
ConUnued from ~ 1 
in the elcctioo and bigger issues 
would have brought a larger per-
centage of student voters. 

Most major positions 00 the bal-

lot included a single candidate, and 
some positions were even left 
unfilled. Orozco, who claimed that 
student apathy left some positions 
empIy, said those posts will soon be 
filled. 

Orozco said "A lot of people will 

The UCSD Guardian 

say the council' inexperienced and 
young, but that 's not too much of a 
setback." 

In addition, he said that he ex-
pects a "good year" for the council, 
one in which rnemben will work 
together 10 solve problems. 

SPRING 1991 ASUCSD ELECTION RESULTS 
VoIM Pet. ..... Vot .. Pet. ...... Voe. Pet. 

Pt ..... d 
A(Justin Dn2zc:o ............ 811 70.1'" 
Paul Varln ............ ........ 346 29.9% 

VP Admlnlltrative 
Mike HoIfT18S ............... 913 100% 
VPExtemeI 
Slamak MaJek ........ ...... 599 86.1 % 
Randolph Slwabessy ... 307 33.9% 

VPAnance 
Joseph Cassar ............ 859 100% 

Academic Affairs Commissioner 
Monique Bugarin ......... 871 100% 

Communications Commissioner 
Sharon Oh .. .... ............. B47 100% 

Programming Commissioner 
MaNhew Schnurer ...... . 919 100% 

REFERENDA: 

Woman's Resource Center 
Yes .. ............................ 804 69.9% 
No .... .... ............. ........... 346 30.1% 

Proportional Parking Spece. 
Yes .............................. 808 83.7% 
No .......... .. ............. ....... 158 16.3% 

Students on Planning Comm", .. 
Yes ............................ 1033 89.0% 
No .... .. .......................... 128 11.0% 

oun.ch Progrema 
Yss .............................. 799 70.6% 

RewI .. Junior Senetor 
Toni CsccilJtorfI ........... 120 71.1% 

No ........................ ....... 333 29.4% Eric Liu ...................... .... 49 28.9% 

PublIc Servtce CredIt ......... eonat1tutlan ....... 
Yss .............................. 97283.5% Yss .............................. 134 71 .3% 
No ............................... 193 16.5% No ................................. 54 28.7% 

V~WorkPolI 
YBS .............. ......... ....... 921 79.8% 

ThIrd SophomcIIw Senator 
Usa Hemandsz ........... 110 60.4% 

No ............................... 233 20.2"'- Gaye Johnson ............... 72 39.6% 

ConstItutIan: Artleles " •• Third Senior Sen.or 
Yes .... .......................... 561 73.7"- Jennifer Morrow .......... 1 07 65.6% 
No .. ............................. 200 26.3% VICtOria Butterfield ......... 56 34.40/. 

ConstItutIon: Artlc .. III MuIr Sophomore Senator 
Yes .............................. 543 n .2!'I. Cindy Ramirez ............. 286 75.8% 
No ..................... .......... 1 60 22.8% Mike Powers ..... ............. 56 14.9% 

Oavid Leo ...................... 35 9.4% 
COLLEGE ELECTrONS: 

Muir Junior Senator 
Rev .... College Council (Six) Marc Hirsch ....... .......... 285 100% 
Melissa Hagan ............ '03 14.0% 
Jay Michael Levin .... ...... 96 13.0% W..,.. Sophomore SeNtor 
Emilio Stuns .................. n 10.5% Poncho Guevara ......... 128 100% 
Bin Mohler ................. .. .. 69 9.4"-
F6fTtIf Baudoin .............. 68 9.3% W ........ Senior Sen8tor 
Joseph Jatboe' _ _ 66 9.1% Marlf ROlenbetp .......... 131 1000/. 
Joel John Knutsonl _ . 66 9.1 % 
Jason Freshwater .......... 65 8.9% FIlth Sophomore Sen.or 
Patrick Williams ............. 63 8.6% Julie Chung ................. 1 1 1 69.4% 
Alex RivkJn .................... 61 8.4% Hilary Stockton ............. .49 30.60/0 

Revelle Sophomore Senator filth Senior SeNtor 
Karen Yang" 141 tOO% Paul Wilcox ................. 143 100% 

Winne .. In frolICS t _ Tie tor ~n81 oounol PO'*'". run-oII oIocbon ",g be helel tt - __ from .-:lion; paoIIlon ... U be appo/nled 

THE s 
A.S. Internship Office 

SCHNURER 
ContInued from ~ 3 

"I could go sleep in a dumpster at 
Ralph's." he said. 

While neither Tucker nor 
Woodard feel that the loss of his 
keys will prevent Schnurer from 
doing his job, Schnurer said that, 
' 'They're requesting my key to my 
office and the computer room, two 
places where I do lots of worle." 

According to Schnurer. because 
he must do his own publicity in 
addition to coordinating the events, 
much of his worle can only be done 
after nonnal working hours. Any-
thing that requires phone caUs or 
ignatures for events must be done 

during the day. 
Schnurer said that he had at-

tempted to create a compromise with 
the administration. Provided that he 
could keep the keys, Schnurer said 
that he would promi e to leave the 
building by 11 p.m. 

"And if they catch me [in the 
building after II p.m.], then drop 
the hammer. stick it tome," Schnurer 
said. "[But) they refuse to compro-
mise." 

According to Edson, one idea 
being pursued is to find on-campus 
housing for Schnurer. 

"If he were programming [for an 
individual UCSDl coUege, he would 
be entitled to free housing," Edson 
said. 

"] know Edson is intending to 
pursue it- Idon 't know how 'gung 
ho' Randy is," Schnurer said of the 
idea. 

Edson described the recent 
events. "Everyone was upset at each 
other ... during and after the meet-
ing. But since then, we've been 

Monday,ApriJ 15,1991 

worlcing on getting the next meeting 
together and to get Matt some hous-
ing," he said. 

"Everyone has put a tremendous 
amount of time into this ... and this 
one Iitlle thing set people off. Each 
one of us felt frustrated," Edson 
said. 

"It was dumb, but it's over now," 
he added. 

Schnurersaid that he thinks there 
may be a correlation between the 
administtation's demand forhis keys 
and the recent disappearance of a 
key from the University Events of-
fice. 

'The screwy thing is that the 
submaster [key] for University 
Events was stolen ... and they 're re-
keying all the doors on the third 
floor," Schnurer said. 

According to Schnurer, the 
missing key would not have been 
able to open many of the doors that 
are being re-keyed, like the com-
puter room or many of the A.S. 
offices. 

Both Tucker and Woodard de-
nied any correlation between the 
missing key and Schnurer's situa-
tion. 

Tucker also described the key as 
a master key, not a submaster key as 
Schnurer said. 

"r certainly wouldn't accuse 
[Schnurer] of removing the key," 
Tucker said. 

According toSchnurer, Wocx:Iard 
chasti sed him for calling the 
Guardian about the keys and the 
TG meeting, saying that it was an 
internal is ue. 

Schnurer ju lified his actions, 
saying. "] am a representative of the 
tudent . If I can't do a job, they 

should know why." 

Earth Day 
Festival 

IS HAVING 

Information Night 
Wednesday, April 17, 1991 

Friday April 19, 11am - 8pm 
At the Gym steps, the hump and 

along the main walkway 

6:00-7:00 p.m, in the Cove Room, 
(next to Chung King 10) 

Be prepared after graduation I let the A.S. Internship Office 
help you choose an internship which will give you 

on-the-job training, practical work experience and enhance 
your chances of posti)raduote employment. 

Discover your potential in: 

Communications Vasual Arts Computwn 
Banking & Economics Real Estat. Engineering 

Law & Government Biology Technoi0gicai Work 
Urban Studies Envil"OMlMtlltal Studl.. Drama 

and much, much more 
DON'T MISS OUT! 

For more information contad ASIC, 3rd 
Aoor, Price Center, or call 534-4689, 

Monday through Friday, 9 a .m.-A p.m. 

Special Guests: 
Naked Earth (Reggae/R&B), Jambay, 

Randy Hayes - Director of the 
Rainforest Action Network 

- and-
The Cardiff Reefers 

Monday, April 15, 1991 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

FORUM: Guardian editors, SAAC members air views on paper's coverage 
Contlnu.d from page 1 
felt that the newspaper often used 
poor judgement in its articles, which 
tended to portray underrepresented 
students and faculty in a bad light, 
and as a result, had a negative ilJl-
pact on its audience. 

According to SAAC Chair Van-
ness Harris, a number of different 
SAAC organizations have had 
problems with Guardian article. 

"We all decided that we had to 
take action against the Guardian as 
acoUcclive group because [the way 
we've been ponrayed as individual 
organization] is starting to affect us 
as a whole,"he told the newspaper's 
executive board. " I'm here to point 
out specifics that have affected a lot 
of different groups." 

Harris pointed out a number. of 
different news articles which SAAC 
organizations felt portrayed them in 
anegative manner. He said that they 
felt the articles often tookaslant that 
was different from the scope of the 
events being covered or used poor 
word choice in depicting events. 

Guardian Editor in Chief Phil 
Gruen said that he felt badly about 
any misperceptions that may have 
arisen from the manner in which the 
newspaper's writers covered events, 
but explained that a number of the 
problems that Harris described arose 
simply from the nature of journal-
ism. 

"Often we don't get these arti-
cles until [just before ourdeadLines] 
and we don't have time to check 
every source for accuracy. We have 
a commitment to keep the paper as 
timely as possible and sometimes 

it's unfortunate when we don ' t have 
the whole story," he said. 

Associate News Editor Mary 
Betty Heard explained that the edi-
torial staff does not approach its 
coverage with malicious intent. 

"Often it is a misunderstanding 
of what is going on," she told the 
SAAC members, "because [we are 
not members I of your organizations. 
Ihave to goon what happens right in 
front of my face. This is a very fast-
paced business, and we don' t try to 
twi t your articles on purpose." 

The SAAC representative were 
also very wary of the Guardian' 
stance on issues involving students 
of color. They wondered whether 
the newspaper was intentionally 
insensitive to racial issues, and 
whether it was censoring anything 
opposed to its own views. 

"The Guardian printed com-
mentaries that were offensive to 
some [members of the campus 
community] but often itdid not pro-
vide an altemative look at those 
issues by printing letters in rebuttal 
to the views expressed in the paper," 
said SAAC Coordinator Anthony 
Jameson, who co-mediated the fo-
rum along with Director of Student 
Government and Student Organiza-
tions Randon Woodard, who selVes 
as the Guardian's advisor. 

Two particularly offensi ve com-
mentaries that SAAC members cit-
ed were a cartoon by Guardian il-
lustrator Marc Uptergrove which, 
they said, stereotyped Hispanics as 
simple carrot-wielding fann work-
ers,andanopinionarticleby Design 
Editor James Collier which opposed 

the renaming of Third CoUiege in 
Martin Luther King Jr. 's honor. 

1be Uptergrove cartoon caused 
much of the tension that had built up 
between the two group . According 
to MEChA Chair and SAAC Intern 
Victor Nieblas. the cartoon de troys 
everything that Hi panics are trying 

" You may not be trying to 
attack Mexican heritage, 
but if you put this particu-
lar view out and people 

are ignorant of it, they will 
believe it. 

" VANNESS HARRIS SMCchalr 

to do to dispel stereotypes. 
"It speaks for itself," he told the 

Guardian editors. " Do r have a hat 
with a vegetable in my hand? No, 
and I'm Mexican." 

"You may not be trying to attack 
Mexican heritage," Harris ex-
plained. "but if you put this particu-
lar view out and people are ignorant 
of it, they will believe it. SAAC 
exists to alleviate aU these stereo-
type on campus, hopefully to make 
people more aware of diversity. 
What we are trying to help the 
Guardian do is to see that by print-
ing (Uptergrove's canoon) supports 

College Expenses Throwing 
You Off Balance? 

Give yourself some credit with 
a Student Loan from 

Marine Midland Bank's j EFSI 
Educational Funding Services Inc. 

CALL 1·800·523·7446 

the negative connotations that are 
spread around campus." 

Gmen apologized for the inclu-
sion of the Uptergrove calloon. 
which he said was very unfair, but 
heattemptedtoexplaintotheSAAC 
members that commentaries uch 
as Collier's were simply the opinion 
of one staff member; they did not 
reflect the views of the executive 
board. After the fomm. Opinion 
Editor Ben Boychuk concurred. 

"Commentarie arecommentar-
ies." Boychuk said. "With the ex-
ception of the Uptergrove cartoon. 
which we acknowledged in the 
meeting was a rremendous mi take, 
I tand by everything that's mn in 
my ection as j ust that." 

According tothe representatives. 
SAAC members have written a 
numberofleners not only to protest 
the views expressed in the Guard-
ian, but also to provide alternative 
perspectives which were never 
printed. 

Jameson explained that the 
Guardian's inability to print leiters 
expressing an alternative viewpoint 
gave SAAC members a perspective 
that the paper could be racist because 
a preponder.mce of issues have built 
up over time. 

"Once the preponderance happens 
to be there, that's where it begins to 
become problematic," Jameson said. 
"That 's what probably pushed 
ISAAC] to move into action in terms 
of wanting to be here tcx:lay. I think 
what is happening here is very good. 
Hopefully it will continue." 

TIle meeting, which was a result of 
SAAC"s agitation toward the Guard· 

ian that had grown from percieved 
injustices that had built up throughout 
the year, quickly moved from a sense 
of vilification and vindication to one 
of conciliation and understanding. 

"] think the biggest thing that has 
come out tcx:lay was a sense of under-
standing," Associate Opinion Editor 
Greg Dixon said. "We at the Guard· 
ian really didn 't understand the views 
that people of color have. And I don't 
think SAAC understood the [compli-
cations of our process). Now 1 think 
we both have a better understanding." 

"We should get together more of-
ten," Nieblas told the Guardian ex-
ecutiveboanl.'·Maybewe houIdhave 
some kind of ethnic sensitivity work-
shop for [both sides) owecancontin-
ue to build on [what we' ve discussed 
here)." 

Both sides said they were pleased 
with the outcome of the meeting. 
However, a previou ly plarmed reilly 
will go on as scheduled. The rally will 
begin Tuesday at II :30 a m. in Rev-
elle Plaza, in response to what SAAC 
members feel is a need to educate the 
generJl campus population about is-
ues involving underrepresented stu-

dents and to elicit an understanding 
about their mi repesentation in the 
Guardian. After forming in ReveUe 
Plaza.rally participants will then march 
to the Price Center. 

"I understand why [SAAC is plan-
ning to continue with its ralIy],"Gmen 
said. "and in some way I want them 
to because awareness is imponant.1I is 
unfortunate that the Guardian is being 
framed as a microcosm for society' 
problems, but anything that brings 
about awareness is good." 

') 

• 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd . • 587-4844 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CARWASli ~ 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

z. ® 
1-- ueSD I 
il! 

Lo Jollo VillOgo Dr . UTe 
I I J I ~D' I Dr . ~ .! 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------11/ FuliService $299 G~~~~ f~.!!!~§~ J".~oo 
I C ·\ R WASil Not.lMd wifl any o1her oller. SAVE $1.01 I 
I EJpi--1Ioy I . 1991. I 
------------------------

Thursdays 
is 

UCSDNITE 
G e , at la S 

party on our patio 

$250 Pitchers 
$ 500 12" Pizzas 

w / one topping 
MUll .... ucso II) 

792-7521 145 So. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 



10 NEWS 

XEROX COPIES 

• Self service copiers . Volume discounts. Professors notes 
• Copies while you wait. Book binding 

HOURS: M r R 30 d J1l G P 11 • Sdt l,~ il '1 

3211 Hol iday Court , La Joll a 
Next to Domi no's Pizza 452·9949 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE, FAX '(619) 450-9949 Expires 5/11/ 91 

Devonshire 

IN LA JOLLA'S GOLDEN TRIANGLE 
PRICES 

SLASHED! 
• Walk to Universi ty Towne Centre 
• Next to community park 
• Fireplaces, microwaves and many 

IUllUry features 
• Direct garage access 

2 & 3 Bedroom 2/21/2 Bath 
Luxury condominiums 

from only $1 ~O 
\\-;-

u __ -

30/0 ~~KfR NOW 5159,500 

OPEN DAILY 10 A.M. to S P.M. 

552~8066 

The UCSD Guardian 

PUB 
Continued from page 1 
Edson said. but he argued that the 
pubellpansion would be in the inter-
est of students. 

"We all have the same goal - to 
serve the students," said Mordecai 
Potash, chair of the UCS 's Triton 
Pub Remodeling Committee. 

Citing his belief that th~ most 
difficull stage of the project has now 
been completed, Potash announced 
Friday that he is stepping down as 
chair of the comminee. 

" It is now time for another board 
member, one who will serve on the 
UCS during the 1991-92 school 

NEED WE SAy MoRe? 

17" 1''''lSi'np''' 
~kJ;" l'l\cll )"I'I:oy 

, 

.... _-

i 
/ 

I 
,I 

year, to complele the task," Potash 
wed in a letter to UCB Chair Nick 

Long. 
Potash said he would still work 

10 assure "thal the GSA pub propos-
al goes Ihrough, and that the GSA 
has a signiflC8l1l amount of control 
over the GSA pub facility." 

Edson remarked that by contrib-
uting funding to the pub renovation, 
the A.S. has helped "create a better 
social aunosphere on campus." 

"ltanswerscriticismlhatwehave 
no student empowennent." Edson 
said. 

Edson and Potash concluded by 
saying that the pub fimding was a 
great way 10 end their careers. 

THE BIG BING. 
=-

200Mh hml drive 

-----

Monday, April 15, 1991 

A.S. President John Edson 
"Now we hope to be able to use 

[the pub]," Edson and Potash said. 
"And we want [Guardian Editor in 
Chief] Phil Gruen to buy the first 
round." 

. Zips .Io.'gaI15 ~ lI1'S 

: 25M" r,X040 cpu - - --' . , 
..... / / 

; ... -

" ' - -, {'- t100dpi laser p ri nrer -,:\ 
./ -- .---, ,--

THE BIG EVENT: SAVE $250. 
Whittaker, Oll t to eh:ut the wonders of the Milky Way, could always be distracted by a sale. 

1\ eX' lstation'" computer and 4OOdl)i laser printer at S2SO 0 (( is all it took to make 
him descend frum his perch. Ah, \ hiuaker. lie seldom eame to das.~. Bill he \\'35 qllick to appreciate 

the great discoveries of his time. Offcr gooclunt il June 30th. 

LII ,r) 
I If It If • I I" I UCSD BOOKSTORE 

COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 
OPEN: MOM· FRI 8 AM· 6 PM AND SAT 10 AM· 4 PM 

FEATURES 
11 FEATURES 

By Kent Konon 
Senior Slaff Writer 

Oaude Mona, the head of UCSD's Na- ' 
tional Organization for the Refonn of juana Law (NORML) c~aa::";:=_ 
membership at 40, with Ii 
dozen people actively in' Ivolvoclhill! 
zation. These figures are rough, 
official roster. 

"We can't keep a membership roll bec:a •• lo. 
no one will let us keep their name on a list. 
People are paranoid. The government is 
trying to make possession [of marijuana] a 
crime that'll haunt you for life," Mona said. 
"Recently, police raided the house of the 
head of the San Diego chapter of NORML. 
They found a couple ounces of marijuana, 
and seized the master list [of NORML 
members]." 

NORML is an educational group that 
supports the goal of returning marijuana to 
its fonner legal status. According to Mona, 
it's not a political organization. It does not 
make political contributions, nor does it 
support the re-Iegalization pf any other drugs. 

NORMl, Page 12 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 15, 1991 



12 FEATURES The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 15, 1991 

NORML: Group works for the re-Iegalization of marijuana 
Continued from page 11 

According to Mona, NORML 
focuses on the preservation of civil 
liberties and on providing people 
with information about marijuana 
and po sible legal reforms, a sub-
jcct fraught with controversy. 

" I see serious problems with 
legalization," said a Revelle se-
nior. "I think that legalization 
would create more problems." 

Some opponents of re-Iegal-
ization worry about the mokers 
themselves. 

"The rhetoric about marijuana 
and the obvious reality aren't the 
same," said a Revelle sophomore. 
"Marijuana rob you of a certain 
mental edge. It· ju t a chemical 
means for people to embrace stu-
pidity." 

Others worry about marijuana's 
effect on non-smokers. 

"Second-hand smoke from 
marijuana could affect others and 
even if it doesn't. there 's alway 
the mell," aid a Muir junior. 

Since ils formalion in 1972, 
ORML has established chapters 

in every tate . In San Diego. in 
addition to UCSD, there are 
chapters for SDSU, Gro mont 
CommunilY College, and for San 
Diego itself. 

The CSD NORML chapter 
was founded four years ago by 
Mona. a Warren tudent. who I 
now a graduating senior with a 
double major in phy ics and visual 
art . 

"The A.S . [Associated Stu-
dents) was rather receptive ," Mona 

said. "And there's been lots of un-
official support." 

One A.S. member was willing 
to comment on the i sue of re-
legalization. 

"I think (marijuana] is a semi-
benign substance along the lines of 
alcohol," A.S. Programming 
Commissioner Matthew Schnurer 
said. "Speaking as a non-toker. if 
people want to do it on their own 
time,let 'em." 

UCSD's 
NORML or-
ganization re-
ceives roughly 
$160 per year 
from the A.S. 
for office sup-
plie . Addi -
tional funding 
comes from 
fundraising 
activitie , do-
nations, and 
the members 
themselve . 

"For the 
first two years. 
I funded it," 
Mona aid. 

The di-
semination of information on 
marijuana by NORML mainly in-
volves the production and distri-
bution of flyer . Variou flyers in-
clude articles about the dome tic 
marijuana cr p. urinalysis testjng, 
and the hi tory of marijuan:l prohi-
bilion. 

According to Mona. NORML 
feels that urinaly i te ts are bi -

BEING-FIT® 
NO INITIATION FEE 

At only $20 a month with no 
contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

orr.., expires 412W91 

.AEROBICS ·NAunlUS 

.FREE WEIGHTS ·UFECYCLES 

.STAIRMASTERS .REEBOK STEPS 
·PERSONAL INSTRUCnON 
• 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, 
Clalremont Square ShoppIng Center 

(Near Lee Words. behind Pat·s Sport) 
483-9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

ased toward marijuana users. Like 
alcohol, marijuana is only active in 
the blood for several hours, but 
traces remain in the body (in fat 
cells) for up to a month. By com-
parison, traces of cocaine and 
amphetamines only stay in the body 
for a few days. 

TIle organization also produces 
flyers urging concerned individu-
als to write letters to their legisla-
tors when laws affecting marijuana 

are proposed. California's 
NORMLorganization isconcemed 
with two bill (SB 62 and 136) 
currently being considered by the 
California State Legislature, which 
would puni h po e sion of mari-
juana with a minimum ix-month 
suspe n ion of the offender' 
driver's li cense regardless of 
whether the offense is driving-re-

lated. 
"Legislation about marijuana 

was a top-down dccision," Mona 
said. "It still is. What annoys me 
the most [is that] a segment of 
people, average Joe Shmoes. are 
criminals for no other reason than 
marijuana. I cannot defend any 
other drugs, even alcohol or to-
bacco. [Marijuana users] are not 
crack users. Most marijuana users 
are stable citizens who don't en-

gage in other 
criminal acti v-
ity. Most vio-
lent crime and 
vehicle death 
is alcohol-re-
lated, and al-
cohol is legal." 

Re ferring 
to Alas-ka's 
criminalizatioo 
of marijuana in 
1990, Mona 
said, "Alaska 
had no mari-
juana laws. It 
was legal to 
grow for pri-
vate use. Half 

0-File Photo the state just 
voted to make the other half crimi-
nal. 

"Marijuana is not a threat. It i 
a drug and should be treated with 
some care. I agree that there are 
some problems. Anything can be-
come obse ive - look at 
anorexics. Even soap operas play 
the role [of a drug). However, you 
can take drugs that'll kill you be-

fore they cure you, if the doctor 
ays so. You should be able to 

smoke marijuana." 
Forall itsefforts.rccruiting new 

members and fulfilling NORML's 
educational mandates has not been 
easy for UCSD's chapter. 

"It 's hard to start anything. 
People look at you funny when 
you talk about marijuana." Mona 
said. "A lot of people worry about 
[their] future. They'U say, ' I sup-
port you, but I don't want to get 
involved. '111ey're scared to make 
contact and worried about inform-
ers. Undermoststatelaws, if you're 
caught with marijuana, the state 
has the right to seize all your assets. 
No proof of [your] selling it is 
needed. It 's a Catch-22 - we need 
to change, but can't do it. It 's tough 
to take a stand." 

PartofNORML'sreasoningfor 
marijuana reforms is financial. 

"A lot of money's being spent 
on prisons and enforcement. Re-
legalization could save the stale 
the billions currently spent to 
eradicate it. Then we should tax 
it," Mona said. "We'd save bil-
lions of doUars and make billions 
more. Are we really going to see 
more axe murderers?" 

UnderbothCalifomiaStateLaw 
and the University of California 
Student Conduct Code, the solici-
tation. procurement, use, posses-
sion. ale, or manufacture of mari-
juana is prohibited. 

The first people who usually 
deal wi th on-campus marijuana 

See NORML, Page 13 

The FACTS According to ZAK! 

Find the answers to these brain-busting questions in . . , 

.'.' . ~ 
.' ,', . 

-, ~ 

Facts at your fingertips 
...central principles and terms In molecular biology: 

physics and physical chemistry; and 
orpnlc and Inorpnlc chemimyl 

... Common abbrevladons and symbols, units, and meuuresl 
... Tlm ..... vinllnstrucdon. of bale laboratory proceduresl 

... A fut-readlnl re .... h .. course In the buIc Klences 
and .... ntIaI mathematics -

-rim for M'mi. GBE sulpJtct ttItL or thl MeAn. 
... A portable, IIptwe"ht reference - 12.1 ounc .. of pure fact! 

UCSD BOOKSTORE I.. L-~I J I ,,, " I'll I 
MEDICAL BOOKS I INSTRUMENTS 
TBCHNICAL BOOKS 53 ... 31 .... 
OPEN: MON -Ffi lAll-IPMANDSAT 10AM-4PM 

Monday, April IS, 1991 

NORML 
Continued from Pllge 12 
offenders are the police. After cit-
ing the offender, a report is issued 
to the city attomey 's office, which 
may prosecute the individual un-
der any laws that apply. 

If the offender is also a student , 
the Student Conduct Coordinator 
reviews and evaluale all com-
plaints and report ubmiued by 
the campus police, either to di -
mis or forward the alleged viola-
tion to the appropri ate college dean. 
Each college has it own judicial 
council. which take the matter 
from there. The possible outcome 
depend on the ca e, and the action 
taken may range from a written 
warning to dismissal from UCSD. 

Jane Hett, re ident dean of the 
Pepper Canyon ApartmenLs. 'aid 
that she sees three to four disci-
plinary cases involving marijuna 
per year. 

"It's hard to say if [marijuana 
is] used a lot," Hen said. 

Because of the smell , it is easier 
to detect than alcohol or cocaine, 
she sajd. 

Would the re-Iegalization of 
marijuana make her job easier? 

"If 12 were the drinking age, it 
would make my job easier," Hell 
replied. 

According to Hen, while mari-
juana violations are not common 
(most controlled-sub lance viola-
tions are alcohol related), mari-
juana u eisclearly not accepted by 
all residents, and it has sometimes 
been reported to her by them, as 
well as by Resident Advi ors (RAs) 
and security guards. 

"RAs always confront drug 
use," Hen said. "[We] respond 

pretty severely. At a minimum, 
(violators are) placed on probation 
as a precursor to eviction." 

This severe response has some 
RAs wary of reporting residents 
whom they know are u ing mari-
juana. 

" Because of the fairly strict 
provisions of the On-Campu 
Hou ing Policy, I call a private 
conference [with a violator] in-
stead of reponing it," said an RA 
who favors re-Iegalization and 
wishes to remrun anonymous. 

"!t 's ironic that the policy on-
campus is much stricter for mari-
juana than alcohol. The abuse and 
problems wi th alcoholi m on-
campus are much more extensive, " 
the RA aid. " Drunk are more 
unpredictable and cau e more 
problems. For the most part, the 
group that smoke [marijuana] 
stays out of the way and doesn ' t 
really affect others." 

Other proponents of marijuana 
reform include the Help End Mari-
juana Prohjbition (H.E.M.P.) or-
ganization, whose supporters are 
gathering signatures in an effort to 
get the measure on the Califomia 
ballotin 1992. The initiative would 
re-Iegalize commercial hemp 
products such as fiber and oil, and 
allow people to grow marijuana at 
home for personal u e. 

Marijuana laws would be 
modeled after California's alcohol 
laws, which set a limit on how 
much beer and wine can be brewed 
at home. It would expect mari-
juana users to conform 10 the stan-
dards et for alcohol. 

"It would be illegal to operate a 
vehicle or heavy machinery under 
the influence of marijuana, to pro-
vide it to minor , and to use it in 

-

• The history of marijuana and 
American law: 

Pre-1937: Marijuana is legal. 
1935·37: The Treasury Department 

proposed various laws and 
strategies to regulate mari-
juana. An "occupation excise 
tax upon dealers and a transfer 
tax upon dealings in mari-
juana" was called for. 

April 1937: A marijuana tax bill is 
introduced in the House. 

September 1937: The bill becomes 
law. 

1942-46: World War II brings a new 
demand for American 
marijuana production. The 
Department of Agriculture 
makes "Hemp for Victory," 
a film encouraging farm-
ers to grow mari-
juana. 400,000 
pounds of seeds 
are distributed 
to farmers 
annually. 

1947: Marijuana is 
raatminaliz8d. 

The UCSD Guardian 

public," said Mona, who is collect-
ing signatures for the Hemp initia-
tive. 

H.E.M.P. cites a variety of rea-
sons in favor of re-legalization, 
many involving the use of mari-
juana as a commercial product. 
Emphasizing the environmental 
benefits of cultivating marijuana, 
H.E.M.P notes that the plant was 
an important source of fiber for 
rope, cloth, and paper, a well a 
oil for coobng and lighting, until 
early thi century. 

H.E.M.P. literaturequotes U.S. 
government sources for it infor-
mation, such as a U.S. Department 
of Agriculture (USDA) bulletin 
which estimated that an a re of 
marijuana produces a much pulp 
for paper as four acre of tree ,and 
u es only one-seventh the chemi-
cals needed io process wood pulp. 

Hemp i 77 percent cellulo e. 
and until 1938. it served a an 
industrial raw material used in th 
production of chemicals, pia tics, 
and fibers, even dynamite. In 1935, 
116 million pounds of hemp eed 
were used for the manufacture of 
paints and varnishes alone, ac-
cording to the USDA bulletin. 

Another source in H.E.M.P. 's 
literature is the transcript of a 1942 
USDA film , "Hemp for Victory," 
which was produced to encourage 
American farmers to grow tem-
porarily re-Iegalized hemp for the 
war effo rt: "American hemp will 
go on duty again: hemp for moor-
ingships ... fonow lines ... fortackle 
and gear ... hemp for countless na-
val u e both on hip and hore. 
Just as in the days when Old 
lronside ailed the seas victorious 
with her hempen shroud and 
hempen sai ls. Hemp for victory." 

-rhe Emperor Has No Clothes· (1990). 
Mel MarcetolGuardian 

FEATURES 13 

Includes~ Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service pOces reg. $21-$26. 
Standby fares are subject to availability 
of stylists. To insure faster service. it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

CALL RECEPTIONIST FOR BEST TIMES 
Open 6 days: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T 9-8 pm 

HAi~ 
G~~liCS 

457-3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

SMOG $19 99* 
CHECK • 
plus $6.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $29.99 
6-cyl. $39.99 

• Oil. lube. filter $14.99' 
• AIC Service $19.99' 

, Coolant Service $19.99' 
• Transmission Service S24.99' 
• Brake Special (1 axle) $S9.99' 

• moSt cars 

C .. D Auto Car. " 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92:121 
(619) 558-2436 

'(ou '~e been hUrl in a traff ic accident. 

Your car is damaged. Your body aches. 

You're upset. and you 're thinking. 

· What am I supposed to do now?-

1·800·WHAT tIM 
If you're the innocent victim of a 

car "cident, calil-aoD-WHAT NOW, 
right ilWfty. You'll automatically 
re"h the Georggin & Shann liIW 
office nearest you. 

When you' re hurt, worried. or 
confused about what to do next, 
we can help. We'1I do' all we 

can to get you the settlement or 
award you deserve. And our fee 
comes only from what we collect 
for you. 

For the kind of immediate 
t~al help you need at a time like 
thiS, call1·800-WHAT NON . 
Right now. 

Auto Accident Attorneys 

Mission VIIey NJItioNl City (I c.jon Oceanside 
2851 C.minoOelRio5. 1717Swutw.terRd. 561 N . M~noh.~e. 2204 Et CaminoRe.1 



TS & ENTERTAINMENT 
14 ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 15, 1991 The UCSD Guardian ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT 15 

The Br.itish are Coming, the British are Coming! 'Cloud 9': An Inventive Comedy of Sexual Opressions 
• The "British Animation Invasion" provides a different sort of animated film festival. 
By Catlin Woodthorpe 
Staff Writer 

I have to confes s traight away 
that J am a cartoon -aholic. Like 
most of the population, cartoons 
were the be t thing on TV when I 
was a kid. Even these days the 
"Bugs Bunny and Tweetie P ie 
Show" is the only incentive for me 
to get o ut of bed by 10 a.m. on a 
Saturday morning. You don't ha ve 
to be a fanatic, however, to enjoy 
"The Briti h Animation Invasion" 
which features some of the very 
best recent animation from the 
United Kingdom. 

" The Brazilian puma is very homesick, 
whereas the turtles 
are a bit more philo-

sophical and the 
polar bears have 

opinions about every-
thing. Park's anima-
tion is superb and 

his clay models have 
the whole range of 

human emotions and 
expressions ... 

of how all was well 
down on Jollity Farm 
until , one day, a 
nuclear power plant 
gets built next door. 
And then all of a sud-
den the cows start 
growing two heads, 
the heep's legs drop 
off, the pigs tan wig-
gi ng out etc. It 's s ick. 
but it's also funny and 
get its me age ac ross 
quite effectively . 

It seem that ani-
mators realized along 
time ago that theirs is 
a great medium 
through which to gain 

British style has long been an 
influence in America, especially 
in pop mu ic, fashio n . and the ans. 
Likewi ·e . British animation s tu-
dio are currently producing works 
of huge diversity and quality to 
much public and indu try acclai m. 
"Who Framed Roger Rabbit" wa 
created in a London studio and 
currently Steven Spielberg' "A n 
American Tail II " i on the draw-
ing board there as well. 

" 
max.imum impact A clay revival of the '70s disco moves its way into the animation festival. 
upon an audience in a 

production of TV advertisement 
and it i in thi field that many of 
the fea tured arti ts have learned 

hort time. Like "Jollity Fann," 
there are other cartoons with a 
message in this package, suc h as 
Ian Andrew 's "Dolphins," which 

At the core of the British ani -
mat ion industry , though, is the 

the trade and done orne of their 
best work. 

The program opens with David 
Stone' "Jollity Fann." Set to the 
frant ic music of tp" '(fl tl y named 
Bonzo Dog Band, it ,d Is the story 

A typical animation fan after "The British Animation Invasion .• 

the General Store 
CO-OP 
Is celebrating by having 

10% off*~--
• recycled paper products (Including 

Strathmore drawing pads and Earth Care 
cards) . 

• environmental T-shirts 
THINK GLOBALLY, ACT LOCALLYI 

*nIId ona, on 4/19/11 

is 8 three and a half minute explo-
ra tion of this animal's world. It 
uses vivid colors a nd Brian Eno's 
gentle music to evoke the peace 
and happine s of their existence, 
which is shattered, however, by 
the harsh reality of a fishennan 's 
net. 

"Dolphin" is beautiful film and 
so succes!l fully depicts the plig ht 
of the e animals that Greenpeace 

I has used it in its campaigns to 
protect dolphins off the British 
coast. Not bad considering that 
Andrews was still a student at the 
Royal College of Art in London 
when he made the film. 

Animation is one area of film 
production where women produc-
ers, directors, and technical s taff 
have been successfully active for a 
number of years and their work is 
heavily featured in the festival. 
Candy Guard's three pieces 
"Moana-logue," "What About 
Me," and " Wishful Thinking" deal 
with the trials and tribulations of 
two ordinary women. They moan 
about their weight, worry about 
their boyfriends. and do all the 
wrong things at parties. Guard 
malces their trivial concerns funny 
by her simple, sketchy drawing 
style and the use of her dry, En-
glish sense of humor. 

Joanna QUinn 's "Body Beauti-
ful" is certainly the funniest piece 
in the whole collection. For ap-

SUMMER JOBS 
TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT 
EARN $2500·$3500 
National campaign 
positions to stop toxic 
pollution. promote 
comprehensive recycling 
and sue the nation's worst 
polluters. Jobs available in 
26 states and D.C. Campus 
interviews April 23, 24 
and 25. 
Call Jamie toll free: 
1-800· 7S·EARTH 

proximately 14 minutes, we fol -
low Beryl who works at a Japanese 
e lectronics factory in Wales. 
Bluntly put, Beryl is fat and there-
fore the butt of the jokes of Vince, 
her lecherous egotistical supervi -
sor. Her diets don' t work and her 
confidence hits rock bottom, but 
she eventually hits upon a way to 
humiliate Vince in front of the 
whole factory. She transfonns into 
the "body beautiful" in a very 
amusi ng but unexpected way . 
Quinn 's animation technique re-
sembles caricature and the style is 
extremely effective in getting her 
point across. 

The 'star' of the evening is 
"Creature Comforts," this year's 
Academy Award for Best Ani-
mated Short Film. A group of zoo 
animals are interviewed about their 
conditions and the quality of their 
lives. Nick Park's film is a witty 
spoof of nature documentaries. The 
Brazilian puma is very homesick , 
whereas the turtles are a bit more 
philosophical and the polar bears 
have opinions about everything. 
Park's animation is superb and his 
clay models have the whole range 
of human emotions and expres-
sions, which is no mean feat, and 
his script malces some painfully 
acute observations about animals 
in captivity. 

This collection of animation 
also gives plenty of examples of 
the commercial possibilities of the 
art. Over a dozen of some of the 
best British animated TV commer-
ciaIs are shown, which make a 

refreshing change from the sheer 
banality of most TV ads in the 
United States. Animation also sells 
pop music and Peter Gabriel's 
"Sledgehammer"video is included 
in this collection as the technical 
best and most famous example of 
this fact. It's still a very impressive 
piece of film-malcing even after 
five years of overkill on MTV, as 
well as being a pretty nifty song. 

Along with the mainstream, 
~hough, this Festival also includes 
some pretty weird films . A couple 
of the producers featured are inter-
ested in pushing the boundaries of 
traditional animation further out, 
and the results can be bizarre. Some 
of the more 'arty' stuffwentstraight 
over my head but, if nothing else, 
it malces interesting contrast to the 
more accessible pieces. Another 
word of caution - the British ac-
cents in some of the films are quite 
strong. But overall the Animation 
Invasion is worth the money if 
you're an animation fan or just 
someone who likes something a 
bit different. It ' s billed as "a mind-
boggling, hair-raising, head-
scratChing, lip-flipping, eye-pop-
ping extravaganza!" I think they 
got it almost right. 

When: Through April 25. 
Nightly 5 p.m., 7:15 p.m. 
• 9:30 p.m. Sat .• Sun. 
Matinees 12:30 p.m. and 
2:45p.m. 

Where: Ken Cinema. 4061 
Adams Avenue In 
Kensington 

SAVE ON CONVERTIBLE BACK PACKS 
(BACK PACK TO SUITCASE) 

65 REG. $119.99 NOW 79. 
A 63 REG. 129.99 NOW 89. 

WA 68 REG. 139.99 NOW 99. 
INTERNAL ALUMINUM FRAMES 

DUPONT COR DURA • LIFETIME WARRANTY 
"FAMOUS TRAtLS" . "MEt" - "EAGLE CREEK" 
"EASTPAK' ALL AT LOW DISCOUNT PRICES 

0.;;' 2000 i'~~8i bciOk~ i-=~ i~: -': 
; =·h~a::: =p;~~ VOftagf8ss-rI: : convertors. '. ...---; 

,... : ... ~_P!l9f.9lU!_ ..... :, ~ "'"' 

1531 Garnet, PICIfic Inch, PhoM • a3-1421 
Mon-Frt 10 •• mAS p.m. s.t II Sun 10 •. m.·S p.m. 

By Michael Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

'" f elt triumphant because I 
was u separate person/rom them. 
AI/d' cried because I didn't wallt 
to b .. But I don ' t cry about it 
all\,nwre. " 

- Betty, "Cloud 9" 
C:lIyl Churchill's exploration 

of pc onal freedom s, "Cloud 9," 
fl at~ mto the Mandell Weiss The-
atre this Wednesday through Sun-
day. The production features 
grJdU:lt ing MFA actors under the 
d irection of guest artist Don 
Amendolia. 

Al11endolia, both a profes ional 
actor and director, may be best 
know to college audiences as the 
now deceased manager of Home's 
Department Store on "Twin 
Peaks." 

However, Amendolia lists on 
his credit the direction of several 
stagings of "Cloud 9." He also 
acted in the original ]98] New 
York company production, in the 
dual role of Joshua and Cathy. 

That original production was 
directed by Tommy Tune, his first 
attempt at non-musical material. 
Amendolia remembers his ner-
vousness at dealing with text. "One 
day, Tommy came in and said, 
'The whole thing is a dance num-

ber.' And it i ," mu ed 
Amendolia. 

The original production 
was a group effort with the 
actors drawing upon personal 
experience and 
free to suggest c uts 
in material . 

piece to be looked at from the 
time of the late '70s when it 
was written. 

" I suppose there's a shock 
over the sexual antics that go 

sored by the Briti h govern-
ment a an exploration of Brit-
ish sexual politic over the past 
century. "The play acts as an 
observer . Sexual freeness 

Amendolia has 
not directed the 
play since 1983, 
and although he 
does n't see its 
meaning and 
themes any differ-
ent now, certain is-
sues can not be 
avoided. In a play 
where virtually 
everybody is in-
volved in a sex ual 
relationship with 
everyone else, cer-
tain changes in the 
landscape can not 
be ignored. 
Amendolia re -

·Cloud 9. ' directed by Don Amendolia. will run through April 21. 

lated, "You can not approach 
thi s play without dealing with 
the issue of AIDS." 

While at first considering 
asking Churchill to rewrite 
certain scenes, Amendolia 
eventually decided on pre-
senting the playas a period 

on, but that 's not what the play 
is really about. That ' the ve-
hicle that was u ed for the 
period when the play was 
written and what she was 
commissioned for," said 
Amendol ia. 

The play wa , in fact , pon-

didn ' t solve their problems," 
Amendolia added. 

Several unusual devices are 
used in this exploratiop of re-
pression of various groups by 
others. and more importantly , 
the res tric tions that the indi-
vidual places on himself. 

'Greater Tuna' Swims into San Diego 
By Greg Waypa 
Staff Writer 

ren't we all just a little sick 
with movies not delivering the en-
tertainment for the amount of 
mOlley being asked of us at the box 
office? The day will come when 
movies won ' t be released in the 
big movie houses, but rather piped 
into our homes via cable, or the 
rented video casette. So what is the 
alternative? Well, how about a 
play? 

Okay, granted, plays are not 
cheaper than movies, but they have 
something that movies don't 
have... besides the live actors. In 
a play, there's the chance that the 
actors might screw-up. In other 
words, not all play performances 
come out the same, like they do 
when you view3'O-foot characters 
on a s ilver screen . Therefore, 
there's a bit of magic in going to 
see a play. 

So which play to see? How 
about "Greater Tuna"? I mean. you 

just can't miss a play with a 
title like that. We<,II, at least not 
on purpose. 

"Greater Tuna" is the story 
of Tuna, no not the fish, but 
the "third smallest town in 
Texas, where the Lions Club 
is too liberal and Patsy aine 
never dies. " Or so I'm told. I 
don't know, for even I have 
yet to see this play. I'm 
guessing that it's a comedy, 
but I could be wrong - it 
wouldn't be the first time. 

The cast, (again I'm being 
toldthis),consistsoftwomen, 
J aston Williams and Joe Sears, 
who, along with playing the 
20-odd residents of Tuna, co-
wrote the play with director 
Ed Howard. 

Doing a number of quick 
costume changes, Williams 
and Sears bring life to the 
towns characters like, 
Charlene Bumiller, who just 
can' t seem to make it as a 

cheerleader, Aunt Pearl 
Burras, who gives stray dogs 
strychnine puppy treats, and 
Aries Struvie and Thurston 
Wheelis, the morning show 
on OKKK Radio. 

The play has been receiv-
ing praise from a number of 
cities across the nation in its 
many-year run. So it has got to 
have something worth seeing. 
But if that's not enough to 
convince you, Sears and Wil-
liams were invited last year by 
President Bush to give a 
command perfonnance at the 
White House. And this year, 
they're being asked to do it 
again. 

Now think about it, if they 
warrant President Bush invit-
ing them to a command per-
formance, don't you think this 
play might just be worthy of a 
peek? 

There is one last thing that 
ought to be mentioned about 

this play. Although this is the 
second time that "Greater 
Tuna" has come to San Diego, 
it will also be the last. Being 
dubbed as "On it's final tour," 
"Greater Tuna" will be open-
ing on April 16. And if it's 
going to get the same reception 
that itdidtwo years ago. expect 
to see sellout perfonnances. 

Though it might not carry 
the big Hollywood names, or 
the special effects or even the 
scenic locals, "Greater Tuna" 
is a play that holds a little 
something over movies ... be-
sides being live , it's three-di-
mensional. 

When: Tues. through 
Fri. at 8 p.m., Sat. at 
6 p.m. and 9 p.m., 
and Sun. at 3 p.m. 
and 7 p.m. 

Where: Spreckels 
Theater 

Tickets: available 
through 
TIck.lmaster 

psychology majors 
information meeting 

ftnd out about: 
new major requirements 

new courses Be chances In courses 
honors seminar Be Pl'OlP'am 

graduate programs In psychology 
career opportunities 

"'".,,: tu ..... y, ....... 18 III: 4:00 p.m. 
"' ...... : 1110 ~ ....... (fcwilierly ..... ) 

Pasadena area Day Camp 
seeks Strong, POSitIve, 

Out-golng Role-Models to 
work as group counselors 

with 3-14 year olds and 
as Instructors for horse 
back ridIng, swimming 
and outdoor activities. 
Competitive salaries 

and lots of fun. 
Call (818) 794-11~...,., 

Joshua, an African servant. is 
played by a white man. Ed-
ward, a little boy, is played by 
a woman. The j uvenile girl is 
played by a doll. These cast-

ings bring out e le-
ments of the way 
people are treated 
by ociety. 

"When Ed-
ward is played by 
agirl, there's more 
poignancy whe n 
his father says he 
can't play with 
dolls," explai ned 
Amendoli a. 
"When Clive hits 
him, it makes you 
wonder ifhe would 
do that to a gi rl. 
[t 's at least evoca-
tive:' 

"Carol writes in 
metaphor and 
feeling more than 
facts.It 's aChinese 

puzzle of a pl ay for me. The 
themes keep unfolding. It 's a 
play that bends my mind," said 
Amendolia. 

While central metaphors 
deal only with sex and the 
abil ity to do away with sex ua l 
limitations placed on the indi-

vidual. Amendolia sees it a 
much broader. especial ly in 
view of today' Jesse Helm 
mentality ,explaining that"you 
can not separate personal 
freedom and sexual freedom 
anymore. Thi p lay should 
make you feel good about 
yourself." 

Amendolia related that 
during theoriginal production, 
letters came in thanking the 
cast for saving a troubled mar-
riage. although some came in 
cursi/1g them for breaking up a 
good marriage. 

While all of the characte rs 
except Betty end the play in an 
unh appy sta te of affair , 
Amendolia explained that "we 
ee a journey. W e all sho uld 

beso lucky as Betty as tocome 
to tha t kink of comfort with 
ourse l ves." 

Churchill ha defini tely 
created a humorous and poi-
gnant metaphorical search for 
the per onal f reedoms we 
sho uld all be allowed to enjoy. 
When: Wed. through Sat. 

at 8 p.m. and Sun. at 7 
p.m. 

Where: Mandell Weiss 
Theater 

Tickets: $6 - $12. UCSD 
Box Office, 534·3793. 

Jaston Williams and Joe Sears of "Greater Tuna. " 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

' ., 30TANDAYS$29 I 
~~~~ Call for details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a tel1llOrary water lOsS : ~ ceMle and stretch marks 

Trim & Tan • UCSO 
3251 Holiday Ct. '204 
455-0909 EKpl1M5I15/91 



16 SPORTS 

ATHLETE 
Continued from page 20 
uling has become extremely diffi-
cult for some teams. In some in-
stances, there is lUI orchestrated 
boycott against UCSD by chools 
that are trying to enhance their 
own chance of gelling to NCAA 
post- eason play. Probably a move 
10 Division II makes the most 
en e." 

Jim Paschal, men' and 
women's volleyball head coach.at 
the Univer ity of La Verne, a Divi-
l>ion HI school near Lo Angele, 
aid that many people at hi uni-

versity al 0 believe that UCSD 
should move to Division n. "ue 
San Diego' philo ophy is Divi-
sion III, not Division II, but then 
you've gOt to look at the size cat-
egory as well," he aid . 

UeSD's undergr-dduate adm is-
sion is more than 14,000 students, 
while La Verne ha about 900 un-
dergraduates, according to Paschal. 
"We've been playing volleyball 
agai nst UCSD for what eern like 
hundred s of year . I re pect 

Goatdan All PIIoIo 
Elizabeth Banez decided to quit 
rhe women 's volleyball team 
citing the time commitment. 
UCSD's program m re than any-
one and it's always son of my goal 
to beat UCS D. [hope that if you do 
move to Divi -ion n, you will still 
want to play us," he said. 

Mar hall didn ' t experience this 
arne goodwi ll after hi men' s 

The UCSD Guardian 

basketball tearn reached the sec-
ond round of the NCAA Division 
III national championship last 
month, Marshall said that within a 
week, the coaches of three Divi-
ion ill teams called to cancel their 

games against UCSD next season. 
"[The teams) all had good reasons 
to cancel the matches, but [ think it 
had more than something to do 
with the suce sful year we had," he 
said. 

By moving to a conference in 
Divi ion II , coache at UCSD 
would have fewer scheduling 
hassles and would al 0 increase 
their recruiting pool. 

"My hope is that we would have 
the same quality academic ath letes, 
which mean that we would prob-
ably be competing with institu-
tions like Stanford , Duke, and the 
Ivy League," aid Sweet about re-
cruiting athlete. "Right now, we 
have that quality of student con-
tacting us, but as soon as they hear 
that we cannot offer them any fi-
nancial aid, they are no longer in-
tere ted." 

Futhermore, Marshall added 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 

FREE MOVIE POSTERS 
WEDNESDA Y, APRIL 17 

8:00PM 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

PASSES AVAILABLE AT 
UCSD PRICE CENTER 

BOXOmCE 
PRESENTED BY 

Student Activities 
Film Committee 

that UCSD would be able to attract 
a new type of student - someone 
who has the academic qualifica-
tions to attend UCSD, but has fi-
nancial difficulties. "If you could 
give someone like that a scholar-
ship, they would be so grateful 
they would pay the university back 
a thousand times over through their 
dedication and alumni. support," 
he aid. 

In the meantime, coache at 
UCSD must recruit players who 
have the re ource to fund their 
education. And in some ca e , 
coaches are able to ftnd players 
from students already attending 
UeSD. "A lot of people [at UeSD) 
got to tart their athletic careers 
here in some sports ," Hipp aid. 
"Men 's volleyball is a perfect ex-
ample, where with a minimal 
amount of athletic ability and 
background, you can get a chance 
to jump right in. You can't do that, 
obviously, at the Divi ion (level." 

Lawrence Werner, a Warren 
College senior, is now a starting 
middle blocker on the men's vol -
leyball team at UC D, after a lim-

Monday, April IS, 1991 

ited background in the spon laud no 
club volleyball experience. "[ thank 
my lucky stars to play on the tearn 
at the collegiate level. I play be-
cause I love it, but I would love to 
get a scholarship out of it. Getting 
to play is the sundae, getting paid 
to do it would be the whipped 
cream on lOp," he aid. 

But if playing volleyball is like 
eating de sen, a large number of 
Werner's former teammates did 
not come back for seconds. Werner 
was only one of three returning 
players between the 1990and 1991 
easons. One former teammate was 

ineligible, two graduated, and five 
players simply did not rejoin the 
team. 

This massive turnover was not 
the result of a major team rift, nor 
was it a unified protest against the 
coaching of Head Coach Oscar 
"Digger" Graybill and Assistant 
Coach Scott Cri well. 

Instead, this phenomena has a 
direct correlation to UCSD' s sta-
tus as a Division ill independent 
school in the world of COllegiate 
men' volleyball. 

IS CHRISTIANITY 
A CHAUVINISTIC 

RELIGION? 
Before you quietly answer yea, before you say 10 younelf, "Of course it's 
chauvinistic ... It's a religion which keeps people in tbC dark, which commands 
wives 10 submit to their husbands, which tells women they C3/IJIOl teach men," 
consider this: 

Not aU Claristiaas believe lbal womea are C'OIIIIIIaaded 10 
submit to mea. 
Soee ChrIsIIa. believe that aI&botP die Bible COllIeS out 
of. cbauYiDillic culture, Ja., IJId the apoltle Paul, 
provided 6beratiGo ... WOIIIeII aDd epIitariu' . Is 
reprdiag both ho.e aDd the cburch. VJeWPOID 

Friday IIId Saturday nights 117:30 p.m. in SLH 104, Sojoumm Olristian 
FeUowabip will be preeenling TIrt Fifth Season, a play wbicb chal1engeI some 
of the stereotypes about women and the gospel. 
Before drawing a conclusion on this issue, pIeue study rbe facts ... please study 
the saipcures. Our play may be a place 10 !WL It is 0l0IC than just a SUJry, it is a 
theological dialogue showing how certain venes, when read in ~l, may be 
saying quite abc ClpIIIlIitc of what peopIc Ihink. See for yourself, tbcn decide. 

. The Fifth Season 
FINAL WEEK! 

April 19 & 20, 7:30 p.m" SLH (TI.H) 104, 
Tickets: $2.00 at the UCSD Box Office 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*lncludes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 day follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WI, Parapenn, Boston. 

(Offer upira 4I3<W1 ) 

CLAaMONT 
279-1858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

KENlIH8TON 
2 •• 1818 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Monday, April 15, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Enter PrizeFest. 
It's quite possibly the most 
colossal sweepstakes in the 

histoty of academia. 

5 Honda Elite ' scooters 

(As far as we know,) 

'(Pttr 
1 brand new, 1991 Nissan' NX 1600* 

ThiS sporty hnle coupe has the most exhilarating 
moves under the sun (or lhe stars). Its fuellnJl!cted 

double-overhead·cam response Will qUicken your pulse. 
ClubMed 

1 set of 4 passes to Club Med', CancunH 
Fun and easy to IIde, the Honda Elite features push·button 

starting and no shiNing. Also Includes a locking under· 
seat storage compartment for your gear. 

AIL ThiS IS your perfect vacatIOn. because you deSign It yourself. 
Get away and play I 

• 25 Sony -Discman· systems Make your music move w~h you . Th is deluxe. 
portable CD player features 10·key direct music 
selection. MegaBase'· sound. music calendar 
display and remole control stereo headphones. 

BACKROADS 
BICYCLE TOURING, 

2 8ackroads Bicycle Touring trips" for 2 
In this Ideal trip lor beginners. you'lI bike across Alexander Valley. 

Ride through the wine country. then follow the course of the RUSSian 
River alter an overnight stay at a lovely Victollan mansion. 

tncludes airfare to San Francisco . bike rental and 
van transfer to the airport. 

loaTlI 
1 Nordstrom gift certificate 

Suit up for career success With a $1500 shopping spree. 
(Just think of the clothes you could buy with that much money.) 

You and three fnends can have the time of your lives 
scuba diVing. water skIIng. golfing. horseback riding. 

CIrcus training (I) ... or Just loafing on 
, dazzling white beaches. 

4 Specialized' mountain bikes 
Who needs roads to ride? These handmade. 

lightweight and super strong bikes cover the earth. 

2 Apple" LaserWriter" LSs 1 Sic" windsurfer board 
Designed with the philosophy that the most 

successful boards are those that are the easiesl to 
sail. this windsurfer board harnesses the power 

of Ihe waves. 

Your friends wilt tine up outside your door to use this. 
" 's a lull·fledged. four-page·per·minute laser 

printer. And it's brand new. from Apple. 

2 Apple Macintosh LC 2140 color systems 
Just lhink: no more trips across campus 10 use a compuler. 

And color. to bootl This is a complete system, including a 
40 MB hard disk, a 12·inch color monitor and keyboard. 

,PPLE PRESENTS 
work the same way. 

The Macintosh LC can be heard as well as seen, because 
ThJs is bJa. ReaDy bJa. 

With 44 winners and more than 546,000 in prizes in 
Southern California, PrizeFest might well be a hi toric event. 

Even so, it's surprisingly simple to win. Just stOp into your 
campus computer reseller and fill au! an Easy En!ry Form. 
While there, take a look at the perfect computer for students 
and faculty alike-the Macintosh LC 2/40. 
yOW' most colorful entry into affordable computing. 

The Macin!osh LC is the most affordable color Macinto h 
ever. And whether you're crunching numbers or processing 
words, i! run thousands of available software programs that all 

it also comes wilh a microphone lhallets you personalize document~ 
with your voice and other sounds. 

More good news: You can now buy a Macintosh compuler 
every two years. So if you purchased one in 1989 and you're ready 
to upgrade, go right ahead. 

You have to enter to win. 
So gel to your computer reseller and enter PrizeFe t. 

And get there today. With a little luck, you could come away 
with something that 's really something. 

•••••• 
•• •• 

Come in for a Mac LC demo and Prize Fest entry form 
• • . ,.. 

• \~~'i\O. 
. ~ ...... - . 
• • 
• • 
• • 
•• • • •••• 

I II .......... I 
I I II II '" I UCSD BOOKSTORE 

COMPUTER CENTER 534 -429"1 
OPEN: MON. FRI 8AM· 6 PM AND SAT 10AM - 4 PM 

Check out the low price of the Macintosh LC 2/40 color system! 
'Not including lax II'Id license. "Subject to availability. Genain date reslnCllOns apply. VOId where prOhibited by law. See an "Easy Entry Form" for complete contest rules and details. 

Sweepstakes open to students. tacuhy and IIIaft at parllciplting campuses. Ct991 AjlpIe Computef. tnc. M ~ reseMd. ,., tradem!W1<S;rod regisIefed trademaI1<s in propeny of their respective corpo!aticns. 

17 



18 CALENDAR 

ACADEMIC SERVICES 

Monday·nlUrw), - 8:00 am-4:30 pm. Fnda}J -
;00 am-) pm. E ... cnllns also .... lIlalMe - 1'he 

Lancu1ce Pro",,"pcovidts asSISLanCt lOlNdenU whos 
A&.lIve Jllngu.ac II 1101 En,lslh and 10 dlote dome work 
In Japanese, Itahan, SpanlJh. french. Ocrman. 
VlemameK. and Ru uian. A wa,nosUt leSt on wnUcn 
EnaJjU1 III 5«Ond l&n,au.aae I 1"'1I1Ib~ on request. 
CaJI~l4-2l&4 for nD'e IruUlTllauon. otdSIudent Ccmcr. 
Bid" A. Room 1214. Fruc. 

Monday·Friday 

3 :00 Im .. 4;40 pm (EvenlnK appomtments also 
IVlllable) - The OASIS Wnun, Center 1\ a free 
sc.rvlCt (Of' 311 UCSD studenu. We offer one 10 one 

~T1un, conterences for any Iype of "nlln, prOjeCl-
lCadtmlc p;lpers. personal talcmenlS. ('ocn lIones and 
poems. Our staff DC Ira.lOcd unckrJ:fldullllet. who come 
from I Yarlety or academiC' dlsclphoes. can help you 
become II more c:rrCCU\C wTller Call.514·2284 10 make 
an IIppDlnlrJ1ef1t ordrolp by ouromce miheoldSludtnl 
eeRIer, 8ulldln,A. Room 214 Fr~ 

SERVICES!\\ OR KSHO PS 

Monday Fnday 

8:00 IRI ..... :OO pm - SICI PL US (S)'~Ie.n o(lnlcrucll~e 
GUId.1.nce and Infonnatloo) is a comptJl(f' Nsed proa:r.un 
of cuccr IOformalJon cks1tned 10 help you clv.fy your 
Skllis, ~alues IIId 4Xcupallonal Inleum. For more 
in(onnallon, come 10 Can:cr SCI"'tc:es Ctnter S 10. 

Monday. Apnll~. 1991 

X:OO,m·9:3O,ffi - OVERCOM I GCOMPULSIVE 
EATING; For wornr:n who hllbltually dtt:1 and binF-
Focus on man:!,ln. suus. bUlldln, 5elf·cileem. 

Inc~UIn' IIWMtN!Si tiC u:ukr Equilla Lute. !§)A6 
JSJU. Prelimln:U')' 'PpoLntmeni IlCCcSlary, 2126 HSS. 
Frte. 

10:00 . m· 12:00 pm - CiRIEF GROUP: Shon·lenn 
,roup for ,tudcnlSdtillsnl; Wllh the: lk.1thof;"Vllncam 
other. Luders: Rick Whllehili . ~34()248 :ulJ Karen 

Co~an. S)4· 37SS. C.II for "~n.up. Gil 1003 Free. 

11 :30 . m - ON CAMPUS INTE RVIEWING 
ORIENTATION. If)1)U arc Intcrc~t(d In P.&l'll'tpolhoe 
mtheCatcer St.I"'lce~ Center'son arnpl.ll IntervleWln& 
p1'oJl1lllll1us quanc:r.lIls mamtuorylhllt you IlIIend one 
of these orlcnl"IIOOS before yO\! interview Career 
SCf\'lct Center Ftte. 

I:OOpm - MARKETASLI,KESUMEWORKSIIOP. 
Learn how to COn)tNI.:I II ,)Iale-gf the· an rnumc thai 

Will m~e you SI;ll\doUI frOlnlhetRl \\.d, CiUttr Sc .... lce 
Center Free 

1:30pm"' :OO pm - DROP·Ir- ADVISING HOuR · 
ror help finding oc)lrable pan·IUllC tnlplo)m~nt . 
Otlcnnlnlng c~er goah. ~archlng for jObsore:..plonng 
prorc"slon411 or gnduille school opportunities 0 
nppolOuncnt n!X'cssaT)'. JUSI w3ll ·ln arecr (rvtCes 
Ct:OICT' Free 

J :OO pm·S:OO pm - THE ROMANTIC COPINCi 
SKlu..s GROUP: Wdlle;ach W3.)'t locrtJleand malO'ain 
relllltOnshlp and 10 o~(rcom( breakups. Ltaden: 
Bev<rly H"'Ju. Mory M N.ughlon. SIGn.up: S34 · 2237. 

~IAAC 412. Frtt. 

• :00 pm ·S:OO pm - MEXICANA. CHICANA. 
LATINA SUPOPRTGROUP: Infonnillroupma:un, 

~«k.I)I 10 dlscuess aCi1dcmjc. per:.onal and social 
C'.tpcnenccs. l..cadc.r: Lindsay CAlderon: S34·3lS5 ign· 
up. Santa Barbart Room. Pncc ecnlCt. Fr«. 

Tllts.lily. Apn1 16. 1991 

10:OOam - INTERVIEWING SKIlLS WORKS HOP: 
Do yO\! need help In prtpmng (or JOb intctyicw)~ 
Career ~rvlces Cenlcr ~ III pro ... idc lips on the beSt 
ways 10 prescm )'O\H quahfiulloos and whou k.ind of 
UlIUVICW quesllolU 10 expecl. Clreer S('fVI«S Center. 
fn:c. 

II :JO a ni - ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWI G 
ORIENT ATJON: If you are Imercsled an paniclpatma: 
In the Career SeNI es Center' 5 on<ampus intcf\'iewin&: 
procrlffi lhisquaner. \( i5 mand:uory thal)lOU aucndone 
or these. onentillons berore you Inlenicw. Carecr 
ServICes ecnler. FrtC. 

1:30 pm-4:00 pm - DROp· IN ... DVISING HOURS: 
For help nndana deJirlble p3n·time employmenl. 
detctnunmgureergO.J.ls. su.rchin. (or jOb$orexplonn, 
profuslonal or gradu21e schOOl opportunities. No 
Ippotntment nec:essary. JUSl wan .. ·ln. Career Service) 
Center. Free. 

1:00 pm-l:OO pm - RED I (RECOVERINO FROM 
EATlI'G DISORDERS); A "udonl .or~.""p ror 

mine more a" .&.rCor eillml p;lllerru. ll;r.hll·bn:aldng. 
self·~3t«m. asscnlon, O(her COPlnl rtl(lhodJ laughL 
Leaden: Rema JUII'tl. ancy Wahhg. SI~'Up jJ .... 
37S h 2101 F .... 

J :OO pm-4.00 pm -EFFECTIVE INTERVIEWI~G 
FORNON·NA1WESPEAKERS. ThiJ ~Ju.,",.k .. cd 
'\Io'&rd '~lnnlJl' VIdeo demon'UT:IICS how 10 conduct 
your~lrmll\K"C rul)OblnlC-rvl~..-. . A~lon UCSD 

non. n.live 'peaklD, 
StudentS Wilt share !hell' 
lnlervie""''ln, upmen· 
Cd. eo-opoasoredbylhe 
Intern.lIonll Cent er. 
Career Scm cs Ccmer. 
free. 

Wednes4ay. Apfll 17. 
1991 

The UCSD Guarclian 

9:)0 .m - EFFEC· 
TIVE JOD SEA RCH 
STRA TEG Y: mof an 
job v_ClnCIU Ire 
unld ... crilled.. This 
.... ork hopVtI',lIttachyou 
the moil cff«lI~c WI)' 

,/ ~) 
10 find Ihem Career /' 
Servte:C's Centct'. Fr«. 

11:00 pm.I2:5G pm -
RED PEER WORK · 
SHOP: Foorw«t workibop proYiOln, wliSlo IIlenllry 
and Impro ... ( hablu II\d au Itllde, rtilled to ClUD, and 
body Ima&e. Leader. Susan I·elntf' . • 12 MAAC, free. 

1:00 p m - ON CA MP US INTERVIEWING 
ORIENTATION: If you are inlerested In pAnlclp:mft& 
in the Cu«-r Services C,nlet' lon..gmpUS InICIVleWIn& 
proaram l'usquatter, lll irnandalotytlltt )'OU.Itc.ndoot 
or Lhesc: oncnllllOns before you tntC'r'vlew. Car«r 
Services Cenlcr. Free. 

1:00 pm·1:JO pm - ASSERT1VENESS TRAINING· 
A Vtlor"shop where pat1K'lpaIlU are lau,ht stllis 10 
lI1lprt)Ve IIbtl uy 10 communicate viIlh others. 1...c.adcr. 

Y~tlle MIU'IUU. 534 ·3lS5. Call fo. tnformluon. GH 
1003. Fuc.. 

1:30 pm"' :OO pm - DROP·IN ADVISING IIOURS: 
For help findlO, ck~lrablc. pan·llme employmenl. 
determinlO,clfftr£tXlls.Karctun,ro.jObsoruplonn. 
pro(CI lonal or araduilte K.bool opponunillel No 
'p~numnt necessary. JUSt walt ' ln, Career Se.t'V1 es 
Centcr. Free. 

J :OO pm4:3O pm _ FI DING YOU NI HE IN THE 
~IOTECII INDUSTRY: As .Iu. maJO! new ,nd.,ay 
mlilures, opponunllics Inclu de rCiurch lind 
development. productiOn. buslncSS management. u.le! 
and mllIkelin.: for both lc.nllSl$ and non-lcchlncaJ 

ptopl~. Bear ""tull the uperu hi.vc 10 Sly. Care6 
Sen-icu CenlCl', Frc<. 

J :OO pm·' :30 pm - CH ICANO/CH ICANA. 
LATINO/IJ.TINASUPPORTGROUP:Mec:uweU!y. 
Lt:adc.n: Dan Munoz.~)". 1~79.llIld l lndS3yClldt-ron. 

,. .. ~. ' .. 
.,-.... , ~ 

-1 

~)4 · 11~S. COlli r. rlnrormilllOn. Rc .. eUc f'm"OSI':i OffICe. 
Frce. 

. :00 pm·S:.IOpm - \lEN·S rHERAPYGROLp· For 
male Undefl!1"Jdu;llcand gradUlIIC ~Iudtms who ~ish 10 
tmpro .. c sdf-cs.tcem. enh.anl..( cOnlmunlc.uion slilb 
and undcUlla.nd Ihe mfluence of mole ,dcnllly In 
( tabllsruna/malOtlllmn, rcl;t.uonshlp:tt. Lc.adc.n. John 
.4.ndrew>. Oory Tedeschi. SJ.I·375S. 100J GIL Fre<. 

4:30 pm· ' :OO pm - UNDERGRADUATE 
THERAPY GROUP. For underarndu3te tudenlS 'Who 
have luId mdivldual counJeling and :ue flO1&' ready to 
eApiore ISSues In a group COnlC.ll. Leider Equilia Luke. 
H4.J38.S. ..... IUtllnory.ppolnunem.....,.wy.GH 1003. 
free. 

' :JO pm-8 :00 pm -Lesbian and BI$uual Women 's 
Suppon Croup.l..edby pee:rtouruclors <kh and Debt" .. 
We're a \t.ed.ly.confidenu:al drop- in ,,"oup ror "omen 
tn'trcsled in ducussing pt:rsonal an:cmJ and sexial 
I Suel In a comfonabJe. upportl ... e en~ironment . Call 
Dlvld:l e 534·3987. Womtn's Resource Cc:nter. Free. 

Thur day. Apn118. 1991 

1:30 p",-4:00 pm - DROP·IN ADVISINO HOURS: 
For help findlO. deSIrable p:an· llme employment. 
dc1mmnlngcarecr.coal • semhina for jObJoruplOC'lnl 
profe ional or ",dU3IC sct\ool opponuRltic.s. No 
Ippointment ncccssuy. JUSt walk·ln. Career Sc:rvtCCl 
Center. Fr«. 

3:00 pm·S:OO pm- RESTRICTORS (RED) GROUP: 
A group provld.m& support o..ndexplor.ulon of self in the 
dJrr~l,lh JOurney to reco ..... ery from an eallnl disorder 
wl\ere the piller II re~lriclion of int».c. of foo4. Leader. 
Rein. Juur ... ~34·JS7~ (si,n.up). HSS 2126. F"",. 

J:JO pm·5 :00 pm - ADULT CHILDRE N OF 
DIVORCE: Meeu weelly for 6 .ee~. Led by Nancy 
Wlhhl. 5J4.37SS and Mary MtNaushlon. 3)4· 1725. 
CaU ror sI Pl·up. New Lit. Blda . Rm. 3240. Free. 

6:00 pnt·1:.lO pm - Gay Md BiStlU21 Men'sSuppott 
Croup led by pcercounsclors Tony and ChIlU. We're a 
weeUy tnfonnaJ, confide-nllal p«r croup ror rudcnLS 
""00 ~anl (0 d,o;('\) IS l.Ie and ~ COnttr'M. Come 
knd )'Our 3oUpport! Drop-in ~-c.kOme or nil Da~ld al 
3)4..3987 (OtI'llOR IOro. Mountaln VlewLounie(bylhe 
kMIS CO\Iru at Third Collese). Free. 

Frilby. Apnl 19.1991 

10:JO am - MARKET BLE RESUME 
WORKSHOP: lc:;un how IOconstrutl asla(e~r· the&an 

ruume thai .... 111 nuU you land OUI (rom lbe crowd.. 
Career ServiceS ecnler. Free. 

11:00 pm· I:3O pm - PAN ASIAN COMMUNITY 
FORUM. Oro!>" .. poup doSllP1<d 1Oaddn:" concc:ms 
or Asian/PlOfic IJI~ srudenlJll UCSD tn. problem· 
",IVUle and suppoltiYe ."""'pIle ... !.coden: Jeanne 
Manese and JOhn Wu, 534·301S. Mountain Vttw 
Lounce. Free. 

U :U pm· I :4S pm - THERAPY GROUP FOR CiAY 
MEN: oofldonllal Ihe",py ""up for ,,",,"lie and 
Undu&fldualt &~y and bisex.ual men. Leader. DaVid 
818bond. 5)4·3987. Call Dav;d(o",,,,.up. ut 81da. 
Rm.J240. F .... 

1:00 p", - ON· CAMERA: PRACTICING 
IN TERVIEWI G SKILLS - Shupen your 
IR tO"VlcWlnalklih by S"me and Mann, yourKIf on 
vlde6Ulpe. Receive feedback from other JOb seekers In 
1111. ,",up worUhop. I'Krcqu;.;I<: INTERVIEWING 
SKII.LS WORKSHOP and slJII up 10 walCh Ihe 
EFFECTIVE INTERVIEWING DEMOTAI'E. Car ... 
Sc:rvtee1 Center. Free. 

1:30 pm~ :OO pm - DROp·IN ADVISING HOURS: 
For help wllh urcer loa Is. JOb hunting. resume 
prtparauon. ele. Noappoiruemrncneces.s.ary.Jusl walk. 
In. Career ScrvIUS CeRlcr. Free. 

2:00 P01-4:00 pm - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE 
ABUSE GROUP: For sludenll who raj$( the question 
"00 I ha~c. • problem?' Supporuvc and resourceful 

en~iroMlCnllO eJ.plore lhe above theme. Leaders: Dan 
Mut'lOzlRd £qullli Lukt."34·37~~. Revelle Prv. omce.. 
free: . 

• :00 pm~:OO pm - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: 
Inrormal dlscus.stOnlluppon .:roup focusin& on issues. 
concerns. tJ.pcnmc::cs that affect the qualIty o( life or 
Afne,an-Amencan commlanily II UCSD, Leaders: Phil 
Raphae.l. Equilla Luke. 53403155. Mounlain View 
Loun, •. free. 

SoIurd:ly.April20. I991 

9:00am·j:00 pm- IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER 
WORKSIIOP: Th .. 6 hoIIr workshop ..... OK .. n iv • 
iClr-usessmenl and group discus~OQ 10 i<kntify viable. 

~r opuons. Llmlled ~pace; rirst come. rU'Sl w:rved 
IJII up by Thursdoy .... pnl 1811 the frool ck$k lobby. 

Carttt Scr\lcrs Center. S 10.00 

LELrURES 

Monct.&y. Apnll~. 1991 

7:30 pm - EARTH DAY LECTURE: 8cMy Chin of 
OaJlromllnl (or PopulatIon SU.bllluUOft will peak on 
the ~Iobal popul.tI,," explo.lOI1. HSS 1330. Free. 

Tuesd.y. Apnl 16.1991 

7: 00 pm - EARTH DAY LECTURE: Jim Bell. 
o.=lOr of Ecoloe;cal Ufe SYSI<ms Inc .. will .peaI; 
about uSing the free market &nd ui'tlng technology to 
produce :ul ecolo&lull y sun.mable fUfurt. CS B 001. 
F .... 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETINGS 

Tuesday. April 16. 1991 

2:30 PM-4:00 pm - Lesbian, Gay A Bisexual 
A sociarioo business me:etin&- Every week. s.ame time. 
Old 5,.do .. Center. 2nd floor. above Soft R.serve •. 
FlU. 

W.dne .... y. "'prilI7. 1991 

' :00 pm-7:00 pm - A,S. lmcnuhlpOfflCe infonnaticn 
ruahL Come find oul aboul opponu.nltici (or lummcr 
and (all imemirups in SWl l>IelO. California. and ... the 
nationallevtl. Everyone welcome. Pn« Cen.cr, CO\'c 
Room. Free. 

Salurllay. April 20. 1991 

9:00 .nI-l2:3O pm - EAPIOAP Genml Orienlll;on. 
Siudy IIlroad .:adcmic iuue!, financialljet. Wt:f)' and 
secunty. Council Trlvel will dliCUS train passes. Int'I 
IDcards. htalth Insunance. monty IrInlrcn.ctc. Peta100 
Hall. free. 

ENTE RTA INMENT 

Wedne .... y. Apn11 7. 1991 · Sundlly. ApnI21 . 1991 -
Wed.·Soc. 8.CO pm. Sun. 7:00 pm - UCSD Theaue 
presents Caryl Churctull's In~en live comed)', CLOUD 
9. In outlllndJSh romp Ihrou&h lime and suual 
repressions. Tickc.u sold 1.1 UCSO Box orrtCC- or call 
SJ4-J79J. Mandell Weiss The ..... S6. 

HEALTH " FITNESS 

Monday·Friday 

Gel boc~ 1I1.01he."'m~oflhln" willi. FREE FITSTOP 
fitnei e ... alu:ulOn. Gel you blood 10lnK and make an 
.ppcnnontnt loeb)' on Ih( ~nd floor o( Studt.nt Health. 
FICC. 

Monday. Apnl 13. 1991 

1:00 pm - There Aln·1 'lo Such Thull AI A Free 

Lunchll But)OU can p:t. 
fr~e spermlcid,lI), 
lubricaaed condom I r you 
spend yourl .... h houri" 
bmh control info ses.llon. 
Till Ir<e. Sullknl Health 
Se.rvtCe. 2nd noor. Free. 

Tuesday. April 16. 1991 

11_ .m - Do you 
wan! some nnipn. frank 
an swcrs lboul birth 
conb'ol anel St:l? Birth 
callrol dilCUlJiord; an: led 
by Heal.., ... dvoc ... ,who 
I re Sludenls spec.lllly 
craincdiomatW1orKJluaJ 
health, binh control and 
reialionships, Sludcm 
Health SeNi«. 2nd floor. 
F .... 

1:00 pm - ··Hey: she SlId IS she pul her honcI OIl his 
thl&h- "00 you have I codom or is it my lurn 10 butr 
You can Jearn aboul other methods ofbU1hcontrol and 
eet a free condom. Just come by any binh conuol info 
5eusion. Student Health Service, 2nd floor. Free. 

Wednesday. April 17. 1991 

1:00 pili - A. Condom can be put 00 as a part of your 
... pilY and il helps prol<Cl you 1p;n>1 STDs and 
prellnC)'. Ir you·d Illc. 10 be ",.11 informed .bool 
condoms and other forms or blnh COIl""I. come by an 
Info seSSIOn. 51udtm Health Servl e.,2nd floor. Free.. 

7:00 ..... - SCOIlish Counay Dance CIas •• Beeinner·, 
claD swUna. Learn the Unly dances of ScotJand. No 
__ dod. Sponsored by UCSD R ..... tioo Dept 
For wo. call 0~2.273S. Spanos Focilily. 

Thunday. Apn118, 1991 

IO:oo l m - Spring Is in tbe lirand so Ile thc birds and 
the bees. Come ID a binh conuol info session 10 lei 111 
your birth coouol questions answc~d. Studenl Health 
SeN .... 2nd floor. F...,. 
10:00 1m - Breast and cerviuJ cancer can be treated 
easily if deteCted early enouah. Come learn all aOOt.H 
bruit cums and pap smears. Feci free 10 ask you 
questions at • Well Woman Session. Student Health 
Sorv;". 2nd floor . f .... 

1;tO pm - 00 you keep denlopina: infections even 
thou&h )'OU' re nol 5C~ually active. come 10 a Well 
Women session 10 learn some simple p-eventi~t tips. 

Srudul Haith Se.rvicc. 2nd noor. Frtt. 

RELIGIOUS SERVICES 

CATHOLIC M "'SS. Sponsored by Ihe C.!hoBt S.udonl 
Community II UCSO. UnJvcnlty Lut.benn Church, 
Comer of N. Tom:y P;ne. and La Joli. Shor<. Drive. 
F .... 

Monday. April IS. 1991 

12:00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENTERS ofrers 
1.ehrhau. BuicJudaJ.m class wilh Rabbi Slotnick. S02 
Matthews. free. 

Tue .... y. April 16. 1991 

12:00 pm·I :OO pot - B;ble Sludy: .ome and enjoy. 
richtlme inGod·s word. We'~intbe Book of Matr.new 
every Tuesday. Ioakin, al lhe leachinss o( our Lord 
chapter by chapter. Allin ... iledl Santa Barbara Room. 
Price Center. Free. 

' :00 pm - JEWISH CAMPUS CENThRS orr ... 
l<hrhau. Talmud Siudy whbRabbl Ow, SIouUc:k. S02 
Matthews. Free.. 

7:.lO PIII - CATHOUC IBBLE STUDY. Each week 
we hear. ~nea 00, discuss. and pray the upcomina 
Sunday ~riPCures. PlCIJ( JOin us. Un.i~cnity Lulhe.ran 
CIIun:h. Colholi<: Loun ... Across Ihe _Ifrom Revelle 
Coli .... Free. 

W.dnesday. April 17. 1991 

10:00 . .. · 1:00 ,m - The ISRAEL ACTION 
COMMtn'EE has an information lIbie In the Price 
Center Plaza.. Come and talk with J~wish St\ldenlS lboul 
Jewish life on Clmpul Ind opportunities for visitin. 
1"",,1. 

5:00 pm -Mission Commllt~ . chairrd byJuJiana von 
Hachl.l.Sslsled by Dirk Hanmann. Uni~enhy Lulhaan 
Chun:h. across the ' .... , from Revell. Colic ... 

6:00 pm - Supper for Slud.nls. sponsortd by the 
Lutheran Campus Miniilry at UCSD. All lilt ~~kome. 
Uni ... mily Lulhtran Church, aero s !be Stlttt from 
Revelle ColleF-

7:00pm-B;ble"udy",,·'WI>olene .:ledbyCampu. 
Pastor JOM Huber. Open 10 everyone. UniveflUy 
LulherAilChun:h.a:ro Iht ,treel from RevelleCollcae.. 

Monday, April IS, 1991 

Frtt. 

1 :00 pm -Inqutttn xminar: " WIw IJ Ovr Divine 
PuI'pO$e and Human P<ltentlalr pre.s.cnted by Luthenn 
campus PU&OC' John Huber. E~eryone: b wc.laxne.. 
Univc:rsily Lutbuan Church. across lht I lrCC.t from 
RtveUe Collese. 

Thunday. Apn11 8. 1991 

11 :00 a .. · 1 :" pm - UNION OF JEW ISH 
STUDENTS. Isnellndependerx:e Dayl Como join u. 
fora ve,":~lcbra"""of Israel·.03rd B;rthday.In<ludcd 
WIll be danein, and falafel !'nee Cen ... Plua. 

5:45 p .. - THE THURSDAY DINNER. Homemade 
food and ... eal company. Sponsored by lhe CaIhoIK: 
Sluckn, Community II UCSD. Uni~en.hy Lutheran 
CIIur<:b, Colholic u..n,<. Comer or N. Tom:y Pine, 
and La Jolla Shor •• Driv • . S2 donauon. 

7:OOpm-GRADU ... TESTUDENTDISCUSS IONS. 
Join usfora lively dlscu slOf'lorMonikA Hellwll's book 
··WIw "'" Ih< Tbeolo"an, S')'Iner (Abool __ • 

cuchari.~ worldrtheions. lnfllllbdIlY.) Call UsaN"",I· 
Gilbert for more infoat511-6112. Untvenity Lutheran 
Church. Cllholic LounlC . across from Revelle: 
Colielle.Free. 

7:.10 pia - Ep;5COpa! Collelle Ciroup Bn"e "udy. For 
infonnatJon and ndes call 565--6661. 51. Eliubeth', 
Cburch. 2825 Mmon Ave .. SIlR Dielo. Free.. 

Friday. Apnl 19. 1991 

.q:oo p. - Leave for ovemi&hl c:unping in I cabin II 
ML Palomar. Gel I ndeal UniversilY Lutheran Church. 
To"""", •• calI4SJ.0561. CoS! i. SS.OO. Sponsored by 
the LulheranCommunil)l al UCSD. Univmity Lutheran 
Churc.h. aefOSI the Sb'ect from Revelk CoUcee. Free. 

Sunday. April 21. 1991 

8:00 . m - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Won\I;p SeN;" and Holy Eut huill. CIIun:h or Ihe 
Good Samui",". 0321 EAslllOle Mlli i. fl« . • 

8:.10 am - CATHOLIC MASS. Sponsored by Ihe 
Catholic Studenl ConununjlY at UCSD. Univenily 
Lulheran Church, Corner of N. Tomy P; ..... and La 
Jolla Shores Dri~e. Free. 

9:00 . m - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
WonlUp Sorviceand Holy Euc:harist StJIIIfICS EpUoopaI 
O"<n:h. 743 Pro ' pcoI St, La Joll •. Free. 

10:00 am - EPISCOPAL CAMPUS MINISTRY. 
Worshjp Service and Holy Eucharist Church of the 

Good Samaritnn. 4321 Easlgille Moll. ~. 

10:00 a m - "Follo\lo'lOg Orde:rt or Following Christ?" 
is Pastor John Huber's sermon dunng lhe Lutheran 
Commulllon servICe. Everyone 15 we lcome. Uni ... ersity 
lutheran O1wch. acrosslhc:: streel from Re~elSc:CoIIe&e. 

ll :15 a,. - ··A Christian Puspective on War and 
Peace.·· by Fr. William Mahedy. Ep;s<:opo! Campus 
Chaplin al UCSO. Open to all. University Lutheran 
Olurch Iounse. across from Re~elle College. Free. 

5:00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. SpoNOred by thc 
Catholic Siudent Communit)' It UCSD. University 
LulilCran Church. Comor of N. Torrey p;"", and La 
Joill Shore. Drive. F .... 

5:00 pm· 6:00 pm -UNITED CAMPUS MINISTRY 
inviles you to a sin,.alona. Rtlrrt t for one hour and 
share in !he jo)' of music with othtr Christian friends 
from campu s. We meet wetkly in the Police Station 
Training Room (near ORA ornce. in j()2). O • .ndoon 
weather perm inina:. All are welcome! Free. 

' :00 pm - CATHOLIC MASS. SporuoICd by lhe 
Catholic Student Conununit)' at UCSD. Uni~ersity 
Lutheran Church. Ccmer or N. Torrey Pines and La 
Jolli Shores Drive. Frt(. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

W.dne .... y. "'priI17. 1991 

' :00 pm - EARTH DAY FILMS: V;!Ieos on Ihe 
uoloaicaJ effects of a meat cenIcrtd dieL Why Not 
Here'! Free. 

Thursday. Apni IB. 1991 

9:00p .. -EARTH DA Y FILMS: Video"""ocyclin,, 
The nwtu(klunna process and lhe eDvirorunemaJ 
benefits. Why NOI Here? Free . 

Friday. April 19.1991 

9:00 pili -EARTH DA Y FESnv AI.: Bands • ..,........, 
dupllYs. vcncbrs. food. and doZCIU of environmental 
orllan; .. o"" •. SPECIAl. GUESTS: Randy H.ye •• 
OirtClOl of the Rainfore I Action NClwork, and the 
CarOlrr Reef .... Gym Steplo/Hump. free. 

Graphics by Helen T .. 

Monday, April 15, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

TRACK 
Continued from page 28 
year for us 0 far. No disappoint-
ments today ," he said. 

NAMES, NOTES, AND NUMBERS 
---~- -- -- - ----

, ( '" \ I . , i ,\ , __ ., i' I .• (. , l '::ll' \ r I t I v) 
Sargeant proved to be the most 

successful Triton. His record-set-
ting discus throw sailed 169'8" 
and his record-setting hammer 
throw flew 202 '7" . Both were good 
for first place. Sargeant , who hopes 
to qualify for the national cham-
pionships, said that he had been 
looking forward to Saturday's 
meet. ". had been throwing the 
hammer pretty well in practice this 
last week. .• thought that I might 
throw it over 200 feet today . I still 
think that. have more potential to 
improve [in the hammer throw]." 

Sargeant, who has only been 
throwing the discu~ for a year, said 
that he was surprised at his effort. 
He credited his coach for helping 
him with some small technical 
details. "I felt really relaxed on the 
throw," he said. "And after I let go, 
it just kept on going and going. 
Maybe the breeze helped it a bit. " 

Several other Tritons recorded 
outstanding perfomances. Jenifer 
Jagielski set the school mark in the 
women 's 400 meter hurdles with a 
time of 65. 14 seconds, barely 
edging teammate Vicki Dunckley 
who came in at 66.3 1 seconds. 

Denise McFayden qualified for 
the national championships in the 
1,500meters with atimeof4:37.70. 
Paul Johnson won the pole vault 
with ajump of IS feet, a season 's 
best for him. Stanforth is confident 
that Johnson will clear the national 
championship-qualifying height of 
15 '3" this year. 

In the women's discus, Debbie 

Dan MeDowell/Guardian 
Diane Fritz finished second in 
the long jump at the UCSD /nvi-
tationa/wlth a mark of 16'6 112 ". 
Hargrove achieved a personal best 
of 152 ' 11", good for fourth . Alan 
Meadows placed second in the I 10 
meter hurdles, setting a personal 
record of 15.83 seconds. 

UCSD dominated the 4x400 
meter relay against a slow-foot ed 
field . The Tritons led the race by 
50 meters on the final lap, winning 
with a time of 4:07.28 minutes. 

In addition, among the com-
petitors was AI Joyner, husband of 
Olympic gold medalist Florence 
Griffith Joyner, who won the 100 
meter hurdles with a time of 14.25. 

Stanforth said that he expects 
UCSD to perfonn well in confer-
ence and national competit ion. 
"The key is to keep everyone on 
the team healthy," lie said. " To· 
day, several of the runners were 
either hurt or sick. As long as we 
can keep physically well , we have 
the best team in UCSD history." 

At the beginning of the year, 
UCSD coif Head Coach Mike 
Wydraexpre sed his frustration 
at what he perceived to be a 
s tretChing of the rules by Meth-
odist College in North Carolina. 

Melhodisl won the NCAA 
golf championships lasl year by 
40 (rokes, and i heavily fa-
vored to repeat a nati onal 
champions later this year. 

Wydra alleged that Method-
iSloffersacourse inprofe sional 
golf management and gives oul 
athletic " talent" granls, similar 
to sc holar h ips offe red by 
higher div ision programs. 

Methodist golf Head Coach 
Steve Conley denies thaI hi s 
players are given any fonn of 
financial aid based on their 
athletic talent. 

" In all the lime that I have 
been associated with Methodi I 
College, we have never been 
involved with our a thletes In 
getti ng financial aid. 

"None of my guy get any-
thing not based on [financial] 
needoracademic performance." 
Conley said. 

"We do not give anything 
tha t has to do with a th letic 
scholarships .. . we do not give 
out any athletic cholarships al 
all. " 

Athletic cholarships are not 
permilled in Division DI. 

According to Jerry Hogge, the 

Carwash • Gas Station • Dry Cleaners 
• Grocery Store. One Hour photo. Florist 

• 

• Post Office • HairSalon • VideoStore • Bank 
Restaurants • and many other retail stores. 

head of Methodist' s Golf Man-
agement program. the major in 
question is a business administra-
tion major with concentration in 
professional tenni or golf man-
agement. 

Hogge de cribed it as a regular 
business admini stration majo r, 
with an additional 20 hours of con-
centration in golf or tennis man-
agement . 

According to Hogge, the golf 
management portion of the major 
foc uses on such areas as the rules 
of the game, introduction to golf 
managment, and agronomy, orturf 
management. 

" It 's really lill Ie more than a 
minor," Conley said. 

"Most people are trying to get 
into some area of golf manage-
ment," Hogge aid, adding that the 
major is very popular. 

Accordi ng 10 Conley , 90 people 
tried out for the Methodist golf 
team. 

··We have a lot of people try out 
because of the Golf Management 
program ," Conley said . 

• 
It 's possible that the 40 percent 

UC fee increase has claimed its 
firs t vict im fro m the UCSD 
women's basketball team. 

Stephanie Thompson of Santana 
High School had expressed inter-
est in allending UCSD, in part to 
play basketball, according to a re-

port in the Los Angeles Times. 
Thompson, who averaged 

23.5 points per game and 12 
rebounds per game this year for 
the Sultans, decided, however, 
10 attend San Diego State. 

According to UC SD 
women 's basketball Head Coach 
Judy Malone. the fee hike, com-
bined with the fac t that UCSD 
does not offer Thompson 's 
desired major of c riminal jus· 
tice, pushed her to SDSU. 

"She 's a very good player, 
one of the best players in San 
Diego." Malone said . 

"Obviously we wanted her 
because we were recruiting." 

Malone noted that part of 
the reason Thompson might 
have been discouraged by the 
fee hike was that she had ex-
pressed a desire to pay her own 
way th rough college. 

·'Money was part of it. . .. 
Her parents said it was no 
problem. but he wanted to pay 
her way," Malone said. 

According to the report in 
the Times, Thompson is not 
planning to play basketball at 
San Diego State. 

Malone noted that UCSD 
has other recruits coming in 
who are bigger than Thompson, 
and doesn' t fee l that the 10 S 
wi ll adversely affect next year's 
team. 
Compiled by Guard/an Staff 

I 



20 SPORTS 

ATHLETE 
Continued from page 28 
women' volleyball team win the 
NCAA Division III National 
Championship in St. Louis, Mis-
ouri. On the flight to SI. Louis, 

Elizabeth and I, now 'e tablished 
veteran 'on the team, happened to 
sit together again. As we flew over 
Texa , she took a hon nap, using 
my shoulder as a pillow. 

I didn't find out until the nex t 
quanerthat . he was already having 
serious thoughts about quitting the 
team. During Christmas break, she 
made her final deci sion. The ba k 
seat will not be the same withou t 
her. 

• Elizabeth Banez is just one of 

5110 OFF ·t::L£(TED 
01..1.) (;1. U: TIlEATRE 

PERFORMANCES. 

the dozens of non-graduating ath-
letes every year that choose not to 
return to their teams at UCSD. 
According to Mike Hipp, the assis-
tant director of athletics at UCSD, 
"There is a concern out there that 
certain teams are showing a rep-
etition of athlete that are jumping 
in for one to two years and then 
backing off." 

Because UCSD competes at the 
Divi ion nr level , the athletes on 
campu must devote themselves 10 
their pon for purely ahrui tic rea-
sons. Ezra Felker, Warren College 
enior, has played on the lacros e 

team at U SD for the past four 
years. Like his teammate , Felker 
must buy hisownequipment,cover 
his traveling cost , and pay be-
tween $ 120 and $ 150 in annual 

,I 

1llc UCSD GuardWt 

dues. For him, the experience is 
wonh the 15-20 hours a week he 
spends at practice and games dur-
ing Winter Quaner, and the 10-12 
hours a week spent conditioning in 
the fall. "I love playing and [ love 
the guys [ play with," he said. "[ 
wouldn't trade it for anything." 

For ano ther tudent, Dana 
Chaiken, who is currently playing 
in her fourth season of softball, she 
says her primary motivation is that 
" J love the game, the competition , 
and I know that I could only do it 
when I'm young. [ feel loyalty to 
the program and to the team - not 
nece sarily for the coaches, be-
cause it' s been a revolving door in 
that category." 

And that leads to the flip ide of 
Di vi ion III athletics. Becau e of 

$4.00 OfF F..A 
REGULAR ADMt 

~I. 
/~ 

25 .. OFF HOTEL DEL ORONADO ' -;-~ 
KOOM RATf..S ON . ELECTED DAYS }f'l~ 

. , 

) 
PADRES 
'1IREE·GMIE 
S MMER 
Dt C U/IIT 
WITH COUPON. 

the absence of financial compen-
arion, anything that interferes with 

a student-athlete's "love of the 
game" - be it coaching conflicts, 
player conflicts, program in tabil-
ity, or time commitments - can 
easily tum a player away from 
their port. 

"I think that the Division m 
athlete is in a better position to 
make a decision about whether or 
not they want to continue to par-
ticipate in athletics for the right 
rea ons," said UCSD Athletic Di-
rector Judith Sweet. who was re-
cently elected CAA president. 
"They don't have any financial 
incentives attached. Consequently, 
they can evaluate if they are hav-
ing a good experience athletically, 
how they are doing academically, 

2 FOR t AT THE 
YMPHONYS WEEKDAY 

SUMMER POPS CON ERT . 

"., 

I 20% FF Tt KET PACKAGES 1 TO SAN OtEGO ZOO AND 
WtLD ANtMAl PARK 

, WITH COUPONS. 

2 FOR I TtCKETS FOR 
INVADER CR t ' !::S' HAKB R lUUR. 

It isn't hard to have a good time in San Diego. And now we're making 
it even easier. If you're a HomeFed checking customer, and have an 

AnytimeCard'~ or SelectChecking~ card, you'll get discounts at all 
of these attractions. If you'd I ike to open up a checking account and 
receive your free AnytimeCard, just stop by any HomeFed branch. 
It makes having fun in San Diego a breeze. 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

and how they can best besuccessful 
at both." 

Tom Marshall, the head coach 
of the UCSD basketball team, 
echoed Sweet 's sentiment . "At 
UCSD, academics come first. The 
athlete must analyze his situation. 
If that is truly his rea on [for quit-
ting], I have to support that. " 

That was what women's vol-
leyball Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik thought when Banez told 
him of her decision to leave the 
team. 

"She told me that she had 
reached her personal goals as a 
player, but becauseoftheenormou 
time commitments that go along 
with being on the team, her aca-
demic had suffered, he had 
mis ed out on relationships with 
her roommates, and she also 
wanted to trdvel. I think she quit 
for all the right reasons," he said. 

" It was a very difficult deci-
sion. I went back and forth, and 
back and fonh, and back and fonh, 
and back and forth again," Banez 
said. 

"Especially the way we ended 
-winning nationals-that's hard 
to leave. It had nothing to do with 
the people on the team, it was more 
of a time thing. And there was even 
little stupid things. I wanted to be 
able to take classes after three 
o'clock, or maybe take a pottery 
class, or sit at the Grove with a cup 
of coffee and run into peopie." 

Stacie Sasaki. who played soft-
bail at UCSD between 1988 and 
1989, knew halfway through her 
second season that she wasn't re-
turning to the team. 

"We had a tournament up north 
and I came home in tears, and my 
mom came home in tears. It was a 
four-day toumament, a total offive 
games, and I played a total of one 
game. I threw a one-hitter against 
LaVerne. And when we were 
playing Cal Poly San Luis Obispo 
for third place, all the other pitch-
ers were dead tired, but the coaches 
told me point-blank that my ability 
does not go beyond Division OJ. I 
felt as though I was being stifled as 
a player, not being allowed to be 
the best I could be," she said. 

For other students, the decision 
to leave an intercollegiate team 
had more to do with control and 
conformity. "I wanted to live," said 
Warren College senior Erik 
Quigley, who left the basketball 
team after the '89-'90 season. 

"On any type of team, it's like 
the military. The coaches force 
actions, both on and off the court 
- mannerisms, dress, reactions, 
actions, and hair." 

Marshall understands that the 
time obligations of being on the 
basketball team is not foreveryone. 
"A couple of years ago we figured 
out that over 365 days, a commit-
ted basketball player on our team 
will spend 1.000 hours of his time. 
Now that's a lot of commitment 
for a sport without athletic schol-
arships." 

• But athletics without scholar-
ships might not be the case at UCSD 
in the near future. 

The general con,sensus among 
the coaches, players, and the Ath-
letic Department is that UCSD has 
outgrown Divisionill. "Ithinkthat 
people are more aware tlia~ it's 
becoming increasingly more dif-
ficult for u to remain in Division 
Ill, based on our location, our size, 
our increased competitivenes , 
[and) based on us not being in a 
conference," Sweet said. "Sched-

See ATHLETE, Page 16 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 28 
a Torero comeback. Fir t, Aimee 
doubled home a run with no outs, 
and one out later Melissa brought 
her twin si ter home with an RBI 
ingle, knotting the game at 2-2 

and sending the game into extra 
innings. 

UCSD did nothing in its haIf of 
the eighth, but in the bottom of the 
inning USD scored the winning 
run after a wild throw on an at-
tempted steal of third base. 

After the game, UCSD Head 
Coach Melis a Jarrell wa n't of-

feting any excuses about the Tri-
tons' performance. "We hould 
have pulled it out. We just didn't 
execute, that's all." 

Going into the final game of the 
round-robin portion of the tourna-
ment. Jarrell had more problems to 
worry about. 

Team morale was low after the 
10sstoUSD,andtheTritonsneeded 
a win to keep from sinking funher 
into a slump. 

In the third game of the tourna-
ment, Jarrell decided to stan fresh-
man Lacie Mounger against BYU. 
despite Mounger's recent battles 
with arm problems and inability to 

The UCSD Guardian 

go the full distance a of late. 
But Mounger answered the call 

emphatically, hurling a complete· 
game five-hit shutout. The Tritons, 
meanwhile, shelled the Cougars 
en route to a 5-0 decision. 

[n Saturday 'S single-elimina-
tion ponion of the tournament, the 
Triton cruised to a 7-0 drubbing 
of Claremont. Pitcher Kathy Fogg 
bewildered the Athenas the entire 
game, allowing only one hit in 
seven innings of work. 

Saturday 's champion hip game 
pitied first· eed USD, which had 
thumped BYU 12-0 earlier in the 
day. against the Tritons. 

BRINGS YOU 

LIMITED ... eAl1r-C 
Fir" Comt.". Fi~1 !'C:f'\.l......J 

A SPECIAL FREE 
PREVIEW SCREENING 

~ANGSHR "SNAPS" PROVOlONf 
HAS UNTIl NOON TO BECOME 

AN HONfSI MAN. 

SYLV(ST(IL ST~LLON[ 

OSCA~ 
IN CRIMf AND COMfOY.IIMING IS fVfRYIHING. 

COMING TO A THEATRE NEAR YOU APRIL 26 

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1991 
8:00PM 

MANDEVIlLE AVOITORRJM 
SpolWOftd "" tJNJVfJISnY EVENTS FIlM COMMITTEE 

FRO<...-.' 110. ornc.:. 11.00 -.n. frl ..• 119 

* PRIZE DRAWING FOR ATAT BACKPACKS! e 
* FREE ATAT SllJDENT SAVER PLUS PASSPORT a ..... y 

10 everyone with a copy of !heir ATAT phone biD or M ••• 
AT&Tc.tIhrg CANI ",hIk quantltles lull 

No """'_ --.,.-Void WMre pro ......... 

The contest proved to be al most 
a perfect mirror image of Friday's 
showdown, as neither USD nor 
UCSDcouid score through the first 
six innings. USD pitcher Tiffany 
Wasi lewski mowed down UCSD 
one-two-three in the top of the 
seventh, and in the bottom of the 
frame. the Reinard twin on eagain 
reared their ugly head . 

Each twin collected a single off 
UCSD starter Dianna Moreno. and 
Roper followed with her game-
winning single. 

Jarrell refu ed to hang her head 
after Saturday' s championship. 
despite the painfully close defeats 

SPORTS 21 

her teamsufferedagain tlheDivi-
sion I Torero . 

" I feel good about our attitude 
now, we really wanted it [the 
game]," she said. "We played a 
great defensive game, and our 
hitting i n't the problem. We just 
couldn't put anything together." 

The players also felt good about 
taking three out of fi ve games and 
a second-place finish in theclassic. 

According to outfielder Kara 
"Kiwi" Reinhart. "we pulled to-
gether, we played three good games 
[in a row I." 

"We ju t need to tay consistent 
at the plate." 

1/2 OFF 
Perms ~ Highlights 

And all chemical work. Long hair extra. 
flrst-time dlents. 

We spedillize In aJ/ ronm of hlghUghting &. 
coloring &. long hair perms. 

.BPi IIBr.s 
Manicures, Pedicures ~ facials! 

4130 La Jolla 
Village Dr. 
Suite '208 
(next to Anthony's) 

457-2004 
Open 7 days a week 

Ucpl~' 4/29/91 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
RECAEATIONJINTAAMURAL AND ATHLETIC FACILITY (RIMAC) 

Drah EOVlrpnmflnlallrmact Beoon 
The Urnverslly 01 Cahlorma. San D'ego Will hold a publIC SCOJl'ng meellng 10 gather inpul 

regarding the scope 01 ISSUes lhal should be addressod In the Oraft Env"onmenral lmpact Repon 
(EIR) lor the proposed RIMAC project. The UnIVerSity. as Lead Agency, has delermlned thai a 
Focused EIR should be prepared to addre .. traffiC c"curallon and parlllrlg. noise. aeslhetlCs. and 
land use. The purpose 01 tho seOplng moollng IS to lurther del,ne the seope 01 tho analYSIS 01 
Ihese Issues and determine whether addlUonallssues should be addreSSed. The publoc seoplng 
meelln9 will lake place on 
TUESDAY. APRIL 16. 1991 
5:00 P m , Room 1401. Fourth Floor. Graduale School ollnremallOnal Relat .. ns and Pac,llc 
Siudies. (Enler the campus off 01 NMh Torrey P,nes Road at Salk Insbtule Road. Park in LOI 305 
to the south 01 Salk InShlute Road and proceed 10 the Graduale School 01 International Relalions 
and PacifIC Siudies. 

The proposed RIMAC project will be located within the e.iSling racreation area In the northw9s1 
portion 01 tho UCSD contral campys In La Jolla. The proposed project will consist of approxmltoly 
130,000 assignable squareloel (170.000 gross square feet) and will house recrealional activities 
such as racquetball . weight training/e.ercise. squash. basketball (gymnasium space) and ' 
assoctaled uses including showers. locker rooms. storage. concessions. lobby areas and olflce 
space. ilIJe to the requirements 01 the racrealion areas. much 01 the bUilding WI ll be built at the 
ground floor level. 

The main gymnasium area. which will be appro.imat&1y 240 square loel wilh an ov",.11 heighl of 
about 651eel, Will aCCOmmodal& five baskelball courts lor Intramural competition and will also be 
utilized lor campus events such as guest speakers. graduations and concens. The seating in this 
portion 01 "'It lacility wiN consist 01 3.000 retractable seats wilh tI1e oplion lor up 10 2.000 additional 
portable seats al the lioor level lor IhO various events. 

The projecl site is located north 01 the e.isting San Oiego Supercomputer Center. west 01 John 
Jay Hopkins DriV& and east 01 the north campys pedestrian spine. The site terraces down Irom an 
elevalion 01 aboul440 MSL 81 the pedeslrian spine to about 390 MSL at John Jay Hopkins Drive. 
The entire s~e has been previously graded and conralns a subsranlial volume of fill material. 
My questions regarding Ihe public scoping moeting may be directed 10: 
Marilyn E. Co •• Campus Planning Office 0006, 9500 Gilman Onve, University 01 California. La 
Jolla. Calilomia 92093. Tolophone: (6t9) 534·3S6C) 

APPUCAnONS ARE NOW AVAILABLE 

PRESIDENT'S 
Undergraduate Fellowship (PUF) 
This program is designed to assist unusually talented 
undergraduate students to pursue studies and projects, under 
faculty supervision, during term time and/or vacations. 
Such projects may include research and/or creative activities. 
There are no Mlblect restrictions. Project proposals are 
submitted to and reviewed by the Committee on 
Undergraduate Scholarships and Honors and a stipend 
based upon need, as determined by the cost of the project, 
is awarded to the winners. 

DAVID JAY GAMBEE 
Memorial Fellowship 
This memorial has been established from funds donated to 
UCSD in memory of David Jay Gambee, a former Revelle 
College student. Similar to the Presidentls Undergraduate 
Fellowship Program, this fellowship is designed to assist 
undergraduate students to pursue special studies and projects, 
under faculty supervision, during the academic year and/or 
vacations. Areas of involvement include university governance, 
ecological values clarification, encouraging service in the 
community through volunteer activities, helping students 
through volunteer activities or assisting students to participate 
in programs related to the Institute on Global Conflict 
and Cooperation. 

1lIe ...,uc.tIoM far ................. fMJ be picked up In your col .... Student FlIIMC .. 1 Services 0fI'Ice. 
The dNcIIlne to submit .. application I. May 18, 1991. 



" , 

22 SPORTS 'The UCSD Guardian 

Women's Tennis Beats 
Claremont, Colorado 

CREW 
Continued from page 28 

"By 1,000 meters, the race was 
over," Head Coach Jack Vallerga 

id. "We had them." 
USD pulled ahead in the be-

ginning of the race, leaving the 
Tritons to play catch-up. 

By Ken Perlman 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women 's tenni 
team andwiched a pairof9-0wins 
around a 7-2 10 s to Pomona last 
weekend , running it record to 11 -
5. The Tritons rolled paM Colo-
rado College 9-0 on Thur day, and 
cruised by Claremont9-0Saturday, 
but fell 7-2 to Pomona on Friday. 

U SO had little trouble with 
Colorado on Thursday. "We knew 
that they wouldn't be too strong," 
UCSD Head Coach Liz LaPlante 
aid. 

"But we didn't want to take 
them too lightly . It was imponant 
that we beat them deci ively." 

Robyn Inaba had little trouble, 
claiming a 6-2, 6-1 win at number 
one singles. Carla Nicholas came 
back from a 7-6 los in the first et 
to notch 6-0 wins in the econd and 
third e t at number two ingle. 

Janet Whalen and Amanda 
Lynch paced the re t of the Tritons 
with a pair of 6-0, 6-0 wins at 
number three and four s ingle , re-
spectively. 

The Triton hit a pothole on the 
road to the national champion hips 
with a 7-2 los~ to Pom na on Fri-
day. Playing in Claremont, the 
Sagehens handed UCSD it fir t 
Division III lo~s of the season. 

UCS D had beated Pomona ear-
I ier this sea on. One of the keys to 
that victory had been Inaba' wi n 
over Shelley Keeler at number one 

single . Keeler was ranked num-
ber one in the nation at the time. 

Keelertumed the tables onInaba 
this time, however, with a6-3,6-7, 
6-4 win. Keeler had to overcome a 
heanbreaking tiebreak loss in the 
second ~et, in which ~he had taken 
a 5-2 lead and had double match 
point before faltering . 

Only number six sing les player 
Diane Chandler cou ld post a win 
fortheTriton ,downi ng Mercedes 
Frichett 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 . UCSD 
dropped all three doubles matche . 

De pite the loss, LaPlante ap-
peared to be pleased. "If we had 
come out and beaten thi team like 
we did last time, it really wou ldn ' t 
have given u much incentive to 
work hard ." 

LaPlante aid that she expects 
that Pomona and UCSD will be the 
two teams repre enting the We I 
Region at the Division DI nation-
al in May, and the loss has given 
her players orne extra incentive. 
"[The 10 ) ju t kind of eXIra-mo-
tivated u ," she said. 

The Tritons didn't need much 
motivation Saturday, rolling to an 
easy 9-0 win over Claremont. 

Inaba led the way with a 6- 1, 6-
o win at number one singles. 

icholas posted a 6-2, 6-3 win. 
and Whalen COal>ted to a 6-4, 6-4 
win at number three single. 
Amanda Lynch, atherine Vim, 
and Diane Chandler also nailed 
down single wins. 

"We tried too hard to erase the 
lead too quickly ," Vallerga aid. 
"We have to work together ... (or 
the result is] frustratingly low. " 

But the Triton calmed and 
during the power ten pulled away 
from USD, rowing through the 
finish in a time of 5:55.4, 12 ec-
ond ahead of USD. 

''I'm a lot more confident of the 
emotional maturity of the var ity 
and novice [teams]," Vallergasaid. 

The women 's novice eight 
placed second behind USD with a 
timeof6:35.6, five seconds behind 
USD. 

UCSD was the only collegiate 

PHILLER 
Continued from page 28 
great deal of pressure. The Padres 
arc nol. Nobody is picking the 
Padres. Except for me. 

Did the Padre make any sig-
nificant off-season acq uisitions? 
It ' que tionable. Do the Padre 
have any hotshot rookie ? No. Do 
the Padre have a rejuvenated 
pitching taft! Probably not. 

Why, then, will the Padres win 
the division? 

Well , for one thing, they got rid 
of their bad apples: Jack Clark, 
Eric Show, and Mike Pagliaru lo. 
Nobody liked having these guys 

Monday April 15 
Overpoulation 

Day 

Tuesday April 16 
Energy &Water 

Conservation Day 
Benny chin of 

Californians for 
Population Stabilization 

will speak about the 
global population 

explosion. 
HSS 1330 at 7:30 pm 

Saturday April 20 
Beach cleanup at Blacks, 
La Lolla Shores and the 

Sunset Cliffs. 
9am 

Wednesday, 
April 17 

Meat Free Day 
Third Stone will play at 

the gym steps from 12 -1. 
Guest speaker Vic 

Forsythe of Vegetarians 
Inc. will speak about the 
ecological problems of a 

meat centered diet. 

All-You-Can-Eal at the 
Che Cafe, plus a slide 

show presentation by Vic 
Forsythe. S - 7pm 

Videos "benefits of a 
vegetarian diet. " 

at Why Not Here? 9pm 

Modern Zoo will ~Iay at 
the gym Steps from 12 - 1 

while SDG&E and the 
MWD give out free 

conservation packets 
and infonnation. 

Jim Bell - Di rector of 
Ecological Life Sysyems 

Inc, presents "Eco/nomics: 
Using the free market to 

promote ecological 
sustainability. " 

CSB 001 
7pm 

Thursday, 
April 18 

Foolish Mortals will play 
at the gym steps from 
12 - 1 pm, while the 

Rcycling Co-op and the 
Solona Recyclers provide 
info. about recycling and 
collect old junk mail and 
magazines for recycling. 

Videos about the 
ecological benefits and 

manufacturing processes 
of recycling. 

at Why Not Here? 9pm 
(Coffee Shop next to Re~lle Cafe) 

The Tritons celebrated a 12-
second win over USD Saturday. 
team to compete in the varsity four 
race. The Tritons finished second 
to a local crew club with a time of 
7:28.3, 17 second off the winning 
pace. 

In the women 's novice four, 
UCSD finished third of three boats 
in 7:48.30. USDplaced first with a 

around the clubhouse, and their 
presence only seemed to make for 
a more divisive situation among 
the players, not to mention lousy 
baiting averages and a poor pitch-
ing record. 

For another thing, people forget 
that Bruce Hurst had a very sub-
Bruce Hur tyear. Peoplealso seem 
to forget what Andy Benes is ca-
pable of doing. 

And, perhaps, people forget that 
Benito Santiago-the best catcher 
in ba eball - is healthy. 

Of course, we don ' t really need 
to discuss the offensive talents of 
Tony Gwynn, Fred McGriff, Tony 
Fernandez, and Sip Roberts. But 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

time of7:27.5, and SDSU finished 
in 7:30.8. 

"Overall, wedidn 't win as many 
events at the city's as usual," 
Vallerga aid. 

" It was still good overall. I'm 
very pleased. None of the women' 
boats tumed in a poor race." 

Vallerga noted the increasing 
physical maturity of the team and 
said that the Tritons are "becoming 
more easoned racers." 

lnthemen'srace ,SDSUplacoo 
fir t among the varsity eight -
two second ahead of UCSD - to 
capture the Hartley Cup. 

UCSD won the Hartley Cup 
last year. 

USD followed in third, four 
seconds off the Aztecs' pace. 

SDSU also won the junior var-
sity eight , finishing ahead of 
UCSD. 

In the novice eight, USD rowed 
to victory, a mere three-tenths of a 
second ahead of runner-up UCSD. 

we may need to discuss the appar-
ently overlooked abilities of Jerald 
Clark, for one. And then maybe 
Shawn Abner. And what aboutlim 
Pre ley? 

Okay, maybe I'm reaching a bit 
here. But the fac t is, the Padres are 
certainly not any worse than they 
were last year . In fact, they're 
probably a lot better, and without 
that pre sure on their shou'lders, 
the Padres will surprise. Hell, they 
even look beller in those new uni-
forms. And don ' t forget - last 
year, most people picked them to 
wi n. 

But this year, nobody is . 
Except for me. 

Monday, April 15, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 23 

SPORTS NOTES 
, ' , ,I, • 

The UCSD women', WIt. polo team 
traveled aero town this weekend to 
compete in the 1991 San Diego State 
Water Polo Tournament . UCSD all but 
dominated the event, notching four vic-
tories. 

The Tritons, whose main goal accord-
ing to Head Coach Denny Harper was to give 
the team's less experienced players an 
opportunity to gain playing time, opened 
up the tounnament Saturday by blowing 
out UC Riverside 17-0. 

jamie Dally led the Tritons' charge, 
powering in eight goals, five of which 
came in the first quaner. 

The Tritons' next opponents. the San 
Diego Area Boys All-Star Team. didn't 
fare much better. The Tritons posted 14 
goals, while the boys could only put in 
one. Daily tossed in three, as did Christy 
Park •. 

SDSU was the only team that could 
mount an attack against the Tritons, 
pulling to within two ofUCSD after three 
periods of play, 7-5. The Tritons all but 
shut the Aztecs down. however, as they 
posted four more goals to take the 11-5 
win. 

UCSD finished up the perfect week-
end with a 14-2 blowout of the UC Ber-
keley"B" team, The Tritons didn't stan 

any of their regular season starters, but s till 
managed to shut the Golden Bears down. 
BnInda Reiton put in four for UCSD. 

Throughout the tounnament, the Tritons 
got strong play from freshman goalie Allison 
Westfall, as well as good defense all around. 

" It was obvious we were the dominant 
team in the tournament," said UCSD AasI. 
tant COIICh hm Hendrlc:ka, who coached the 
team through the tournament. 

"The whole idea was to get some of the 
[non-starters) ex perience. We played strong 
all around." 

• 
The UCSD men'. golf team swept a home-

and-home series of matches last week ver-
sus La Verne, edging the Leopards 312-318 
at La Veme last Wednesday, and pounding 
La Verne 308-344 Friday at the Torrey 
Pines South Course. The Tritons are now 
10-2 in dual matches for the season, 

Despite recently sanded greens and the 
Leopards' home-course advantage, the 
Tritons were able to squeak past La Verne 
by six strokes at the 6,358, par-70 Sierra La 
Verne Golf Club, Matt Stottem was the 
medalist, firing a five-Qver-par 75. He was 
followed by fellow Tritons Dale AInham, Bob 
Knee, and DevIn Thomas who shot 76, 80, and 
81, respectively. 

lfORD ~~~ 
COFFEE It Oll~ 
~ 
• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 

........ 

.. ,/ -:...411,;~~ , ..... 
..... ~ 

•.• I'U _I. 
..... -~ 

t~·.~ 

~ 
• Danishes 
• Scones 

• Chicken Curry :":'i~ 1::!( ~ 'I~ - , - _ l ei • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads ~ • Gourmet Coffee \ 

, J 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 
Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Fridays' match wasn ' t nearly so close 
as the Tritons destroyed a somewhat 
cocky Leopard team on the long, windy 
environs of par-72 Torrey Pines South. 
Senior Bob Meyerson bounced back from 
an 86 on Wednesday to medal with a 
three-over 75. Thomas followed closely 
behind with a 77 while Knee and Tony Agar 
both carded six-over 785. 

• 
The UCSD men'. tennis team (ranked 

eighth in Division UI) defeated number 
nine Pomona-Pitzer 6 -3 Saturday. 

The Tritons swept all three doubles 
matches,andChadMorse,JeffBethard,and 
Mike Rintala picked up singles wins to 
nail down the victory for UCSD , which 
upped its record to 7-9. 

On Friday, Claremont trounced the 
Tritons 8- 1. 

~orselost6-3,4-6,6-3 atnunnberone 
singles, and UCSD's Chris Belloll suffered 
a heanbreaking 6-7,6-3, 7-6 loss at num-
ber two singles. 

Rintala was swept 6-2, 6·3 at number 
three singles, and Vern Yarnell fell 6-4,4-
6, 6-4 at number six singles. 

The Tritons ' only win came at number 
five singles where Jeff Cross won 6-4, 7-
5. 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 28 
teams, Hansen was knocked out in the sec-
ond inning, the victim of four first-inning 
errors by the defense. 

This time, however, the defense played 
flawle s ly, and the j unior right-hander 
dominated the Vanguards. 

Han en (5-4) went the distance for the 
Tritons, allowing only four hits, and striking 
out eight, while walking just two. 

The Tritons' offense came alive as well 
on Thursday, shredding four SCC pitchers 
for 11 hits on the day . 

UCSD got on the board first with two 
runs in the firs t inning. 

But the Tritons blew the game open with 
a three-run founh inning. 

With two outs, second baseman Erikk 
Aldridge reached first on an error and then 
stole second. Louie Diaz followed with a 
walk, and Anthony Sanchez promptly drove 
in Aldridge. 

Steve Nowlan then hned a single that 
scored Diaz and pinch-runner Steve Wrenn, 
to increase the Triton lead to 5-0. 

Hansen allowed a s ingle run in the sixth, 
but slammed the door on SCC for the re-
mainder of the contest. UCSD added an-
other run in the eighth inning to close out the 
scoring. 

Four Tritons had multiple-hit games. 
Nowlan was 2 for 4 with two RBIs and one 
run scored. Sanchez was 2 for 4 with a 
double and one RBI, Diaz was 2 for 4 with 
one RBI and a run scored, and Emie Isola 
was 2 for 4 with an RBI. 

FREE ELECTROLYSIS 
(FTJ!t! consul/alion alld InWat/rea/me,,/ 15 mill . 120 !'Ollie. Fi~f./Jme clil!lII.< Ol/Iy.)' 

Breast 

Stomach 

Bikini Une 

Fingers 
Legs 

Toes 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
Permanent Hair Removal 

• American M"ul,JI A.';socia tion 
apprcwcd IIldhods for prohlem 
cases and sensitive;: skin 

• Medical and cosmetic dc~·trolysis 
for men and women 

• Femak staff. statc lie. technicians 

558-0888 
Alexander's Electrolysis . 
lIIJo/kI "'flagl! Pro/essioNdl Cettter Bell/lid £/epllalll Bar 
8950 Villa La jolla Dr. Sle. 2121 'ExpIres 5115/91 

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 

GERMAN, SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( •'1") .).... I I"') t " .. ~ .t- ., .. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

., 
I8ndaII 
MCRQIGa 

•• _ ..... ml LI 14 
If. __ H8 _ .. 

"_r~ 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs'" with this coupon 

'EICIpt motor aad traDlmiAion Oftrbaul. Not valid with any other COUpclll. 



U CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Come join the "Carribean Castaways" 
at the Warren College semi-fonna/iit 
will be held on Friday, April 19 from 9 
p .m. - 1 a.m. at the Downtown 
Ramada. TIckets are on sale lor 
OHL Y $1 O/person at the Price Center 
Box Office. Don't miss outll (418-41 
15) 

Graduating? Only 53 days till you 
wear that funny gown . Parents 
coming? Don't even think of another 
hotel till you call the La Jolla Cove 
Motel. 170 Beautiful rooms, wild night-
life of Prospect St. in your backyard, 
world class beauty of "the Cove" out 
your front balcony. Expensive? Not. 
$44.00 UCSD special. Obviously 
these rooms will go last. It's not too 
early, call 459-2621 or toll free (800) 
248-COVE. ((./8-4129) 

Get involved at Revelle. Revelle 
Committee Applications are available 
at the Revelle Provost Office: due 
Friday, April 26'th,(4/11-4/25) 

Come to Friday's "International Cale" 
for good food and company. Buffet 
lunch served at the International 
Center every Friday 11 :30-1 :30, $2 
at the door. All students and staff 
welcome ,(4/11-4/15) 

Does your organization want an office 
space? Apply NOW AT EDNA 
DEADLINE FRIDAY APRIL 19th, (41 
15-4/18) 

MODERN ZOO: Gym Steps 4/16 
Noon, Soho Coffee Shop 4/177 p,m., 
Gym Steps 4/19 1 p.m. (4/15) 

Golden Key Meeting 4116, 5:00 in 
San Francisco Room - come pick 
up certificates, elect officers! (4/t5) 

Israeli Independence Day, Fun -
Food - Israeli Folk Dancing April 
18th Price Center 10 to 2. (4/ 15) 

Fifth College Freshmen: Interested 
in having a hand in the shaping of 
MMW? See Susan Cooke at the 5th 
College Academic Advising Office 
about the Making of the Modern World 
Student review board. Positions open. 
(4/15) 
Ride and share a horse with UCSD 
student. Just pay half boarding fee. 
(714) 674-9177. (4/15) 
CSA Movie Night: Who Killed Vincent 
Chin, Wednesday, April 17, 7:00p,m. 
SLH 107 Free, (4/15) 
Like Flamenco Guitar? Interested in 
Spain? Come to the Int'! Club's 
SPANISH CULTURE NIGHT, Mon. 
April 15, 6:30p.m. Food, discussion, 
music, and more! At the Int'I Center. 
(4/11 -4/15) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in /5 -word increments , The rate per /5 words is $/ for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursooy for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves lhe 
right to refuse any advertising including but no/limited to companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-54/6. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 03/6, La Jolla, CA 92093-03J6.Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Disability Awareness Week, Come 
see that disabilities aren't inabilities. 
Information: DSU 534-4726 or DSS 
534-6580. (4/15) 

MUSIC MAJORS needed for music 
appreciation study, Involves listening 
to and rating various music selections. 
Pays $5.00 for 45 minutes, Call Mitch 
at 457·0239. (418-4118) 

CSA Movie Night: D im Sun. 
Wednesday, April t7, 7:00 p.m. Solis 
Hall 107. (4/15) 

UCB Presents Mel Gibson in 
HAMLET. FridaynlOht7, 9, and 11 :30 
p .m. One buck. (4/15) 

It's close and convenient and next to 
the Grove. It has gifts, jewelry, and 
ethnic clothes . For those birthdays, 
anniversaries, and special extras, 
come to the Grove Gallery Store and 
experience a cultural spectra. (4/15-
4/25) 

"In King's Image" - a collection 
brought together for the love and 
respect of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., 
on display at the Grove Gallery, March 
14-ApriI27. (4 /15-4/18) 

Attention Fore ign Students -
Students want your cars, furnitures, 
computers, etc. (71 4) 846-9152, Any 
languages, Mike. (4/15-4/25) 

Both Turkey and Saudi Arabian 
governments have routinely tortured 
citizens after jailing them for political 
reasons. The Iraqi government's 
torture victims included hundreds of 
children during the 1980·s. this only 
bothers the U.S. when Iraq goes 
against U.S. interests. (4/15-4/18) 

"Battle of the Bands" - Come see 
the competition I Friday night April 19, 
$1 .00 at Anchorview. (4/15) 

Yoga, Join us for an evening of 
meditation. Wednesdays 7p.m. MAC 
413A-1. Free. Details call 271 -4983. 
(4/15) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari-- Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student Discounts. 558-46441 
226-1962. (4/1-6/6) 

PASSPORT PICTURESII New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait . 
Xeroxes and more . Near SI. 
Germains. 452-9949. (1/22-616) 
Professional Word Processing by 
SCRIBES. Papers , dissertations, 
manuscripts, research . Lowest rates 
- Pickup/Delivery 226-8595, (3/4-41 
15) 

DISSERTATION COMPLETION 
WORKSHOPS. For information call 
Post Graduate Group, 985-0426. (4/ 
1-6/6) 

BIOTECHNOLOGY DIRECTORY. A 
must for job seekers. 1991 listing of 
150+ California companies including 
mailing labels. Send $13.38 (includes 
tax) to A.Gee Associates, 7770 
Regents Rd . • 113-525, S.D., CA. 
92122 or call 453-8283. (4/8-4/18) 

Surfers- Broken fins? Snapped 
boards? Numberous dings? Call 
Thomas for professional & timely 
surfboard repair! 560-9053. (4/11-41 
22) 

Math tutoring, for qualified help in a 
"Vide variety of topics, call James 
483-7816. (4/15-5/6) 

Looking for a cool new fund-raiser? 
We have custom t-shirts that change 
colorl For more details call Bryant at 
226-1460 or drop a postcard at P.O. 
Box 12161, La Jolla, CA 92039. 
Please leave a phone t . (4/15) 

Professional IBM P,C" C, C++, DOS, 
totoring. Flexible hours. Individual 
Help. $10.00lhr. 793-7283. (4/15-41 
18) 

Want to keep your organization's 
office? Apply at EDNA by Friday the 
19th 4 p.m. (4115-4/18) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: Word 
Processing , Reports, Speeches, 
Dissertations, Manuscripts, Present-
ations. Experienced. Laser. Student 
Rates! 753-5964. (4/15) 

Brand New Carsl Save BIG $ on any 
make or model. Pacific Auto Brokers. 
285-9311 . (4115) 

PIANO LESSONS. Classical, Pop, 
Rock, Blues, Jazz, Improvisation. All 
styles, levels, ages. Great Fun! 280-
7817. (4/15) 

WANTED 
NMd Cash? W. dellverl Domino'. 
PIzza is now hiring for all positions. 
Management opportunities available. 
Complete training program. " you 
are 18 years old, have a valid drivers 
license, auto insurance, an excellent 
driving record, and access to a car, 
you can: Earn up to $101 hr. (total 
comp.) Enjoy the freedom of being 
on the road, work flexible hours. 
APPLY TODA YI Domino's Pizza 
UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. 452-UCSD. 
Please apply after 3 p,m. (1/10-616) 

Tired of low wages and long hours? 
Do you want to earn more? (619) 
758-4602. (2/4-4125) 

I need 200 people desiring wealth 
without the corporate rat race. Call 
271-4940 for information. 271 -4940 
(2/7-5/2) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOY-
MENT- fisheries. Earn $5,000+1 
month. Free transportation I Room 
and Boardl Over 8,000 openings. No 
experience necessary , Male or 
Female. For 68-page employment 
manual , send $8 .95 to M&L 
Research, Box 84008, Seattle, WA 
98124 - %100 moneyback guar-
antee .(4/4-4129) 

Wanted: subjects from southern 
Boston needed for music perception 
experiment. No music experience 
necessary. $1 Chlour. Call 558-1385. 
(418-4/15) 

Wanted: A volunteer to videotape 
SPRING INTO ACTION, Saturday 
April 20th . Over 300 college 
volunteers at 20 different project sites 
in San Diego County. Call LesHe, 
Volunteer Connection, 534-1414. (41 
8-4/15) 

ASTHMAsubjecls needed for various 
studies. If you have mild to 
intermediate asthma, intermittent 
asthma, a history of asthma, or 
exercise-induced asthma, are male 
and over the age of 18, you may 
qualify for research being conducted 
at the Allergy and Asthma Medical 
Group & Research Center. Qualified 
subjects will be compensated for their 
time. Please call Lauren at 292-
1144.(4/11-4122) 

INTERESTED IN $1000 EXTRA PER 
WEEK for stuffing envelopes? Send 
SASE to T and W Publishing, P.O, 
Box 654, CorvaHis, OR 97339.(4/11 -
4/22) 

Marketif9'Management. Only excited 
& motivated need apply. Train and 
manage own sales force or sell if you 
prefer. ToppeopiemakingreaUyhigh 
wages. ,Serious Inquiries call Mr. 
Wolfus at 457-2980. (4111-4118) 

Monday, April IS, 1991 

Bass player wanted: For original rock 
band. Bluesy sound with alotof"kick·, 
We have studio in Poway, Call 679-
0970. (4115) 

WANTED-Native English speakers 
ages 22-60 as subjects in psychology 
- memory experiment. Quick, easy 
way to eann $6 (in less than an hour). 
On campus, appointments at your 
convenience. Call Laura-450-1291 
or 450-9279. (4/15-4125) 

Paid Director positions available for 
'91-92 at A.S.I.O. " interes~ call 
534-4689. Deadline Apr. 15. (4/15) 

COMPUTER TUTOR . PC-com-
patible, Wordperfect, etc, Call 
Seymour 452-8887. (4/15-4118) 

Earn $100! Need healthy right -
handed Caucasian males ages 18-
28 for a study of the eyeb1ink reflex, 
Study requires 3 weekday visits to 
UCSD Medical Center. Call 543-2496 
for iniormation. (4/15) 

Serious science student needs good 
Inexpensive microscope with low, 
high power objectives. 726-1845. (41 
15) 

Federal Government is Hiring . 
$16,500 - $62,000 per year. 
Amazing recorded message reveals 
details. (619) 578-2281 . (4115-4118) 

NOW HIRING qualified drivers, 
telephone operators and kitchen help, 
for Southern California'S fastest 
growing franchise . In search of 
ambitious, success oriented; team 
members. Great opportunity, 457-
8646. (4/15-4125) 

Staff Wanted: Roughing 11 Day Camp 
in S.F. EastBay hiring for summer 
1991 ! Positions: counselors, swim & 
riding, waterfront staff, enviromental 
education, sports, Arts & Crafts . Must 
have experience, refs. Call 415-283-
3795. (4/15) 

WANTED: Volunteer and internship 
positions available immediately in the 
UCSD public relationslmedia 
relations office . Administrative 
assistance and special projects in a 
busy, exciting office setting. Flexible 
hours. Call Huda 534-3121 . (4/15-41 
25) 

FOR SALE 
PLEASE BUY MY BIKES II 22.5 
MEDICI PRO STRADA ALL CAMPY 
-veryclean, $600. 194OsColumbia 
Replica Cruiser Bike, $350. Call Jim 
and leave message, 224-6569. (4/1-
4/15) 

REPOSSESSEDVA&HUDHOMES 
available from government from $1 
without credit check. You repair. Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CALL 1-
805-682-7555 EXT H-I443 lor repo 
list your area.( 414-4115) 

Books for Sale: CSE 1758, 161A, 64, 
Econ 2B. New and Cheap! Contact 
Rick 587-9042.(414-4118) 

Futons and special frames, best price 
and quality, 10 Frame styles, 100 
Futon inventory. 226-1398.(414-4129) 

Schwinn Racing Bike, 12 speed, 
black, various Improvements, awaits 
your bid. Phone Marcel at 276-1960. 
(418-4118) 

Original 512K Macintosh - great 
graphics + word/data processing. 
External disk drive + numeric key 
pad. 587-8220. (418-4118) 

Selling 1981 VW Jetla. It needs to be 
worked. Seling It for $400.567-8948 
Brlie. (414-4115) 

Scooter - '64 Honda Aero 125cc 
automatic, top speed 55 mph, runs 
greatl AskIng S590, Patrick 54e-8530. 
(418-4118) 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4-wheelers, 
TV's , stereos, furniture , computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS, and US customs. 
Availabe your area now. CaN 1-805-
682-7555 Ext. C-1199,(4/4-4/15) 

Red Honda '89 scooter (SASO) in 
excellent condition. $600 o .b .o. 
Parking permit included. Carfi 455-
0261. (418-4/15) 

Cute, cuddly puppies for sale . 314 
Labrador, 1/4 Gocker-SpanielS25.00. 
Available now. Call 268-9732. (4/8-
4122) 

Taking Beginning Surfing? For Sale: 
Rusty 6'6" Roundpin Thruster 
surfboard and RipCurl full wetsu it for 
$180! or surfboard for $150, wetsuit 
for $50. Call Jessie (home: 279-5670 
or work : 674-2031). (4/11-4/15) 

Honda Scooter in excellent condition 
call 452-2843.(4/11-4/18) 

Surfboard 6'O"x19"x2 318". Vega trifin. 
Watermans Guild glassing. Light, 
responsive, perfect condition . 
Boardbag and leash, $150. (4111-41 
15) 

For Sale-Stereo system $2001 Black 
White TVI D.O.A. Foot Pedals $301 
eat Aquarium! Frank 295-7524 . . (4/ 
11-4/15) 

Hi watt lead 30 guitar Amp Head. 50 
watt, all tube design, $300 cash abo. 
(619) 452-6264.(4/11-4/18) 

FUTONS. 6" Full $60. 6" Queen $65. 
8" Full $70. 8" Queen $75. Free 
bedsheet with any futonlframe 
purchase. Roth's at 4242 EI Cajon 
Blvd. Forstore hours call 280-3248.(4/ 
11-4122) 

Futons: New Queen size 6" futons 
with frame only $107.00. Delivery 
only $15.00. 19 different colors. Call 
James. The Futon Guy. 578-9527. 
(4/15-4/18) 

Denon AMlFM cassette Hi Power 25 
Watt many features $200 O.B.O. Call 
John 792-6870. (4/15-4/18) 

Surlboard 6'2" Beenjammin Tri Fin 
rounded squash Good Condition $80. 
Call John 792-6870. (4115-4/18) 

K2 TRC skis, 195, Marker M46R 
bindinqs, like new. 453-0236. (4/15) 

LENSES. Canon FD 85mm/ l .2L, 
$430. Tamron SP SOOmml8.0, Nikon 
Mount, $225. Carlo, 546-1751 . (41 
15) 

Hi. I am selling my 6'1" surfboard for 
$125 because I can't surfl Charfie@ 
483-8549. Good Condition. (4/15) 

Oakley Razorblades. Black lense, 
white bridge, red arms. Good 
condition. $35/0 ,B.0. Dave 558-
3704. (4/15) 

Kramer Bass wlHard Shell case 
150.00 O.B.O., 558-0725 Arthur. (41 
15) 

Nlntendo Games for sale, Sports and 
action games. $9 O.B.O. a gamel 
Call 558-2269, (4/15)-

6'6" Bessel Surfboard, 19" wide , 
narrow squash tail, great condition, 
$200 O.B.O. Rob 457-0053. (4115) 

1986-1988 Toyota Supra leather 
seats, silver color, power drivers seat, 
$475 for the pair, 48t-3133 leave 
message. (4115) 

SKIS, Head 165withbindings&po1es, 
$60. Elan 175 with bindings & poles, 
$60. 12 speed bike, $60. (4115) 

'77 Celica - stick, good condition, 
new brllkes, Spring atr. permit, 
$1035.535-0413. (4115) 

Want to log on to school computers 
from without the expense of buying • 
computer? Buy my used terminal and 
modem. I'll help you get started. $2951 
O.B.O. Todd 792-5482, (4115-4122) 

TV, VCR, $50 each O .B .O . 
Hammock, Cassette Holder, $10 
each O.B.O. Tom 455-8352. (4/15) 

'88 CANNONDALE Cydocross wi 
partial Deore XT. 22" Dark Teal. Must 
see $550. Tobin 457-2890. (4/15-41 
18) 

For sale: IBM AT clone with 30-MEG 
hard drive , 640K RAM, Hercules 
mono. Butch @565-8489. (4/15) 

PANASONIC KX-P1124 24 point 
multi-function printer, never used, 
must sell $200. 688-7810 days. (41 
15) 

Binoculars. 9x25, New, pocket size, 
light weight, rubberized. Perfect for 
backpackingltrips with limited space, 
With case, $75, 944-1050, (4/15-41 
22) 

No Gas Money? Mountain bike good 
condition $80.00. Ten-speed $40.00 
O.B.O. Call 453-7033. (4/15-4/18) 

ProGym hydraulic workout machine 
that converts into rowing machine, 
Good Condition. $50/0.B,0, Susan 
554-()91' . (4/15-4122) 

Set of 4 1980 Supra alloy wheels and 
tires, All for $100. Call 546-0450. (41 
15-4122) 

8088 XTTURBO wI printer 2 floppy 5 
1/2 & 3 1/4, monochrome screen 
$600 negotiable 581 -0740. (4/15-41 
22) 

Kramer Electric Guitarw/Floyd Rose , 
Distortion, amp, case. Killer sound 
$220 O,B.O. 792-8099. (4/15) 

Airline TICket SD-SFIAT Leave 4120 
a.m. Retum 4/21 p,m. $88,OO/O.B.O. 
Chris 294-7279. (4/11 -4115) 

COMPUTER: Bondwell 286 laptop 
1 MB, 20MB HD, notebook sized, 
muli\-lingual wI 1000,00 desktop 
publisher & other software. $1250 
O.B,O. Peter 291 -0974 still under 
warranty I (4/15) 

Deep PurpleiWinger Concert May 
12th, 5th/3rdrowfloor. $601$75. David 
534-2520. Alex 457-1319. (4/15) 

REPOSSESSEDVA&HUDHOMES 
available from government from $1 
without credit check. You repair, Also 
tax delinquent foreclosures CALL 1-
805-682-7555 EXT H-I443 for repo 
list your area. (4/15) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, 4 wheelers, 
TV's, stereos, furniture, computers 
by DEA, FBI, IRS and US customs. 
Available your area now, Call 1-805-
682-7555 Ext. C-1199. (4/15) 

HOUSING 
Roommate Wanted I La Jolla Condo 
5 min from school. Your own room & 
bath & parking space. Washer & 
dryer, sauna, hot tub, & pool. 2 people 
possible 450/mo + 1/3 utilities. 457-
8093. Alex. (314-4/18) 

Studio condo $104,900 . E .Z. 
financing. Other low priced condos 
available. Don 985-2095, (4/11 -4/15) 

RAISINS 
FLOJOS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommate wanted lor own room in 
Del Mar condo. (3BR- 2 1/2BA) 
Beautiful, Quiet Complex- Pool, 
Jacuzzi, Fireplace, patio, laundry 
Inside condo, clo .. to shopping and 
freeway. Easy 1 a min. to UCSD. Rent 
- $350/mo- No Deposit or last mo. 
Required, Call : 259-6997 (Amy or 
Kevin) or 481 -8650 (Tess, Brian, or 
Brenda) Available 311191 . (317-4/15) 

Roommate wanted : Own room in a 2 
bedroom apartment across from 
Costa Verde . $337/mo plus 1/2 
utilities, Call Paul, 535-1932. (4/1-41 
t5) 

Want to make money while you are 
out 01 town this summer? Rent your 
house, apartment or part thereof to 
responsible law students who will be 
clerking at Seltzer Caplan Wilkins 
and McMahon in San Diego. Please 
call Maria Macias at 294-280 I , 
extension 135 forfurther information. 
(4/1-613) 

Room for rent. M/ F. Non-smoker. 
Master bedroom in 3 bedroom condo. 
1 112 miles from UCSD. $375/mo, 11 
3 utilities. Avail. now. CallI leave 
message. 558-7347.(4/4-4/15) 

Female roommates wanted : Own 
room available in 2 story, 4 bedroom 
Mira Mesa house May 1. $350/month 
+ 1/4 utilities. Non-smoker, no drugs, 
and no pets. 271 -8349. (4/8-4/29) 
La Jolla: all amenities imaginable: 
piano, pool, nice patio . , . great room, 
female, grad/mad, call 597-0250. (41 
8-4/22) 
Room for Rent- Del Mar. One blOC~ 
to beach. Fullyfumished. Share room. 
$300. 755-9719. (418-4/15) 
Room for rent $425 in great old house 
downtown La Jolla. Three blocks to 
beach, patio , garden, Avail. May 1. 
551 -9395 or 459-4541.(4111 -4/15) 
Private room available in nice 4-
bedroom University City house. Only 
$345/month (includes utilities and 
laundryll) Great location only 8 
minutes from UCSD. Looking for a 
responsible EZ-going roommate. No 
drugs, smokers, or pets. Contact 
John, 453-7159.(4/11 -4/18) 
Roomates needed to share a 3Bed 2 
1/2condo, 2 rooms available, AtUTC 
area near3 bus lines, Big Bear. $325 
for each room, $275 for sharing a 
room, available currently. Call 452-
7151 male or female, (4/15) 
On-Campus housing and salary for 
helping disabled student with 
personal care. Female, non-smoker. 
Julie 458-9748. (4/15) 
Roomate wanted. $350/no utilities, 
avail. 511 , 13 min. from campus, Call 
Andy 294-7729. (4/15) 
ROOMMATE WANTED! (F) share 
large bedroom, La Jolla Colony, 
S221.251rno + 1/4 utilities. ASAP 458-
1089. (4/15-4118) 
ForRENT:3bedroom,2.5bathcondo 
with fireplace. Mira Mesa, $85O/mo. 
Sylvia 483-0047. (4/15-4/29) 
2 rooms for rent $275/mo. include 
uti I. & laundry. Del Mar after 5 p .m. 
792-1348. (4/15-4/18) 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

HUARACHES REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWaT PRICES IN TOWNI 
~s.u.u 
3781 Mission BMS., SO 92109 
488-1134 

, 

SUMMER SUBLET: Need a mellow 
place to stay for the summer? I need 
to fill a private room in a 3 bdrm/2.5 
bathroom condo near UTC with 2 
cool male roommates. Available 61 
17-9191 . Next year lease available. 
$a65/month + utilities or best oller. 
Call Jeff: 558-9049, (4/15) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $250 Female to 
share nice 3 bedroom house (own 
room). Patio, piano, fireplace, washerl 
dryer. No smokers , pets, drugs. Call 
Mark or Erica 534-2391 , 534-3383 
(message). (4/15-4/25) 

$420/mo , 100% private Rm-8ath-
Phone and common kitchen . OPEN 
HOUSE every day 9 a.m, to 1 p.m, at 
4449 Clairemont Drive (east of 
Regents Rd, NearClairemont Square 
Shopping Center) . (4/15-4/25) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: One key on a white spiral plastic 
key ring. Call 450-0159. (4 /15) 

Lost : Black Ray-Bans last Monday at 
3 :00 Please Please Please Please 
be cool. 755-9719. (4/15) 

FOUND: Small gold key outside Muir 
Bio on Friday. Call Robin at 270-
9220 or X46580. (4/15-4/18) 

PERSONALS 
Wanted : Stimulating (I hope) 
correspondence with bright, brainy, 
interesting women ages 20-35. Write 
SonnyQ., P.0 .80x389, lowaCity. IA 
52244.(2/28-4/15) 

Come join the "Carribean Castaways" 
at the Warren College semi-formailit 
will be held on Friday, April 19 from 9 
p.rn , - 1 a.m. at the Downtown 
Ramada. Tickets are on sale for 
ONLY $1 O/person althe Price Center 
Box Office. Don 't miss out ll (418-41 
15) 
STUDY, WORK OVERSEAS THIS 
SUMMER!! Info session Tuesday, 
April 9 1 :30 - 3 p ,m . at the 
International Center Lounge,(418-4/ 
29) 
Top 3 least populartrallic schools. 3. 
Crash and Burn Traffic School, 2. 
Red Asphalt Traffic School, 1. The 
l.A. Police Behavior Modification 
Traffic School. The #1 most popular 
traffic school is the Highway to Humor 
Traffic School. Daylevening classes, 
PB or Mission Valley, 260-1954, (41 
1-4/4) 
Graduating? Only 53 days till you 
wear that funny gown . Parents 
coming? Don't even think of another 
hotel till you call the La Jolla Cove 
Motel. 170 Beautiful rooms, wild night-
life of Prospect St. in your backyard, 
world class beauty of "the Cove" out 
your front balcony. Expensive? Not. 
$44.00 UCSD special. Obviously, 
these rooms will go fast. It's not too 
early, call 459-2621 or toll free (800) 
248-COVE. (4/8-4/29) 

Allison, lIikeyou. Sincerely, Feminine 
EGG-GOD, (4/15) 

DISSERTATION 
WORKSHOPS 

Most doctoral students (64-91"4), after 
~ng 1Ileir course WOIk. remain wtth 
a dissertation pending completion irdeli-
ni1ely. Among these ABOs (AJI·8:1-the-
Olssenation) are generally found the 
briglrtest and most creatrve candidates. 
Addressing those elements involved in de· 
laying c:orT'fIIelion, the WOIksllop guides 
panicipants, from beginning 10 IoIlowmg 
Ihroogh and ~lIOn, partiaJlarly after 
years of inactivity and regardless of where 
they are in the process, 

WoItshop information 
985-0426 

Postgraduate Group 

CLASSIFIEDS 25 

IFC, Congratulations on a successful 
Spring Rush . You guys are 
AWESOME I Love, Alpha Omicron 
Pi. (4/15) 

Get out to the beach i.e. The 
Firehouse Beach Cafe. Check out 
our meal ticket in the Guardian. The 
summer in on its way and thesundeck 
is awaiting your arrivalll Aloha from 
the Firehouse.(4/11 -4/29) 

Snork& Leiler-Hey, what up chicks? 
We rove you. Rove, Your Turtle & 
Albert's Bass. (4/15) 

Golden Key meeting April 16 at 5 
p,m. in the San FranciscolSanta Cruz 
room, (4/15) 

My Dearest GeeJay. thanks for your 
ear. Burp. (Just Kidding), You wear 
Channel Number 5 but not today 
(oops, carried away) . Seriously, I love 
that you're around! Love, Michael. (41 
15) 

Aloha SAM's - Looking forward to 
an evening on a I-iawaiian Island with 
you! - Tri Delta (4/15) 

Congratulations Melissa! Your Tri 
Delta sisters love and support you! 
(4/15) 

Way to go Tri Delta Basketball team! 
Congrats on your Delta teamwork! 
(4/15) 

To sniff-ase. (hee-hee) - I hope 
your TA duties are fun and not to 
stressful. I hope to use it in office 
hours sometime,., Love, Me. (4/15) 

Dear Mr. Panther, When's the Biology 
Final? I need help! Love, your Faithlul 
Student. (4/15) 

Happy 20th Birthday, Mel inda! -
Lauren. (4/15) 

Free beautiful 10 month old male cat. 
Needs good home where he can be 
outside. All shots and neutered, Ask 
for Tali or info about cat488-9277. (41 
15) 

Jen, Michelle (Jen, nice earringsl) I 
want all UCSD to know that Jennifer 
wants to sell her microwave. so if you 
need one, call Michaelatthe Guardian 
x43467 and I'll set up the deal. (4/15) 

To Michael : despite the fact that your 
Easter Egg art is pitiful , you are st ill a 
groovy guy. If you want, you could 
take my date with Uncle Dobbyl 
You're Terrific! - A.D. (4/15) 

Attention all EAP/OAP Students going 
abroad this summer or next year ll 
You must come to the pre·departure 
orientation! When : Saturday, April 20, 
9 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Where : Peterson 
Hall #108. (4/15) 

Submissions for Third Literary Journal 
Due 4119 (Bring to Third Dean's 
office), Elephants. (4/15-4/18) 
SPACE, Everyone wants it, Friday 
19 April 's the last day to apply. Forms 
at EDNA. (4/t5-4/18) 
Catering : Indonesian Food. Will 
deliver. Quality food, Meals include 
rice + 3 variety dishes, $6.00/person. 
581 -2249. (4/15) 

battle 
of the 
bands 
THIS FRIDAY NIGHT 
STARnNG AT 9:00 P.M. 
ONLY $1.00 AT 
ANCHORVIEW 



16 SPOIlTS 

" 

SEASON RECORDS NOTES 

~ BASEIW.L 
,. 12-16jbeat first NAJA opponent 

~SOFTBAU. 
,. 15-14/felll-O to USD in tournament final 

~ MEN'S TENNIS 
,. 7-g/defeated number nine Pomona 

~ WOMEN'S TENNIS 
,. 11-5/105t 7-2 to PomonaPitzer 

~ WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
,. 11-2/40 at San Diego State Tournament 

~GOLF 
,. 1(}2/defeated La Verne twice in a row 
UPCOMING EVENTS 

I .. INTERCOllEGIATE SPORTS 
Date Event TIIne 

Apr. 15 Golf at Loyola Marymount 1:00 p.m. 
Apr. 16 W. Tennis v. Pt. Lorna 3:00 p.m. 

Baseball at CSU Dominguez Hills 2:30 p.m. 
Softball v. CSU Dominguez Hills 1:00 p.m. 

Apr. 17 Golf at Pt. Loma Invitational all day 
Apr. 19 Golf at Whittier 1:00 p.m. 

W. Tennis v. UNLV 2:00 p.m. 
Track and Freid 
at Pomona-Pitzer Invitational 11:00 a.m. 

Apr. 20 Crew at Cal State Collegiate 
Championships, Lake Natoma 7:00 a.m. 
T&F: at Mount SAC Relays all d 
W. Water Polo v. Pomona 11:00 a.m. 

Apr. 21 Crew at Cal State Collegiate 
Championships, Lake Natoma 7:00 a.m. 
T&F: at Mount SAC Relays all day 

Apr. 22 Golf at Redlands 1:00 p.m. 
Apr. 23 Baseball at SDSU 7:00 p.m. 
Apr. 24 Baseball at Claremont 3:00 p.m. 
Apr. 25 Softball at CSU San Bernardino 2:00 p.m. 

M. Tennis at Ojai Toumament all day 
W. Tennis at Ojai Toumament all day 

Apr. 26 M. Tennis at Ojai Toumament all day 
W. Tennis at Ojai Tournament all day 
Golf hosts three-way meet 1:00 p.m. 
W. Water Polo at Westem 
QualifICation Tourney, Stanford all day 

" 

The UCSD Guardian 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
\1 'I I, -, '.1 'I' l " 

BrIen MorrIIIGuatdian 
Kathy Fogg pitched a one-hitter in the Tritons' 7-0 win 
over Claremont in the UCSD Softball Classic. 

TRACK AND FIELD 
RIIUlll 

uctD_ 
.1It1I 

.... ~ 
lOOO WflIRS -l w.I CM (I.CSDI. 1S:«l.69: 1 11'_ - ISWCJ, 1S:49 .'~ 1 OM l<IuI """""~ 115t94. aoo WflEIIS - l __ IIIC). 
L~7.0I: 1. __ tIJC$OI. 200.07.1 r ...... 
i\ICSDI. 2:00.30. 0ISC1.G - L Scoa Sqt .. tIJC$OI. 
1691'. t _ CUImrCI I), 156'2'. 3. _ 
HIf1I ,."..".. 148'7' HIMIO _ - l Scoa 
5l1li'" (OCSO). 2017': ,. '."'" ~I), I!IO'S': 1 
_1UII_17f8'. 1OO Wf1EIIS - i1WX l! t 
1\1'0 LJIwI\ 1'UC).5L~:2.P,,",l)Jo)ofUC$O!.~07;1 
Ib> Ar-I (Wt;II.n 52.83: IIMTA1lONIIJ l Iloo tbld 

~~n: t_a..Nn(8llll),C9.2l;1 
MIlO _, (SWC). 5O.1ll. 100 toI£T1lIlIKl£S -
l ... AIIrI iCPII. 14 57: t IItId DouU """""J, 

5e.!: 1 .... _ tIJC$OI. 5eJ7. 1100 IlEItIS -
10000000l en.. ~ ~. 4W3: 1 OlMos 
- IWCl. '00.14: 1 _ 0...0 My)' "«'79: 
IIIM1A1lOIWJ t Jolt Bo1>oM IIWU l ... 73: 1_ 
..... ,uot). ];5() 10: 1 SUI 0· .... fUC). l:55.1ll. 
I'OU V~l -l p,,", _ iUCSC!. 1.1~; 1 ez.u 
....... ,..,.,...1. 15'0': 1 £G 0Mn IIIC). 1l'0". 200 
II£ltJIS - IJIMTA1lONIIJ t T .. _ISOTt). 2!.ll; 
1.111l'11 r"" iMllJ, nil! 1 r"",...., ,.~ 22.61: 
IMIX 2) L I'IuI Db (I.CSO\. 2179: 1 T ... r_ 

"""""~ ''-11. 1 SIN __ 1U*T). 2a.l6. JlOO 
II£ltJIS - II/MlATIOIW.l L c.- Do ~ IIIRIU 
8:ll26: 1. _ I\i,VoIil!W1), 8:ll.29: 1 _ 
1Iorp1o. 11AZU. 8:4&.58. a.IIOO IIEltR II£lAY -l 

Ihlllll~ t _ 117J9: 1 TrII>o A.c. 
120.17. _V!IJj - iCftN) l en. ca...1\1IIII.8). 
156'4': t~_ GdnJllKl,154'6': 111it1olfdVtlt 

~152'1·.II/MUllOllAlll~""'t.INw~ 
234'T: 1 Jrn Omoty (UNAI), m 'l': 3. ftocIlbpI 
OOCI. 199·.·. 100 IlEItIS - IV'\1TAI1OtIAl) l lin 
If''''' ISOTtl.l0.66:2. ''''' _l!'IHC).lo.a~ 
l ..... T_iI'.l).lUO:~2) I. r ... """,(CC). 
1L15. 1 .10M T ... I'OCl. U.16: 1 ~ r_ 
........ 11»' (RACl 1I L 1Odd ..... f'MIIl*'I, lL57: 

1 __ ~n. 11.79; 1 T .. flMlr-l, 
1lJO. BOO Wf1EIIS - iJMTAT10MIlj 1 __ 
IHI'OCI. 1:5031: t "*- s.. (UNAI). I:!!L4I: 3. 
v ..... KMO(1W).1:52.1l: (alU2) l .~ 

~!)'1.5l.«: l. TOdd _ iO'IIL Ullll: 3. RIdooy 
_ OAC). 1:S7.J11. TIWU l1li' - L _ ~ 
(NIo)I. 477: t ... _ tIJC$OI. 43' 3 ~c': 3. lot 

_~'1'2I,/2·. lIlI«l_-Lo._ 
(UNA!). 24' U/'·. t __ ,.".".." 22' 9 ~" : 
1 JoOO _ (swc). 21' el/'·. HIGH _ - 1 lin 
CooIIIUCSOI. 6" 3/,': 111111-'(WII(tzot1. 6" 3/ 
,': 1 ""t-,..,.... 6" lI'·. SHOT PUT - L 
..... (IIno. 50' 71/" : 2. Scoa _ ... I\ICSOI. 46'0": 
1 000d - IP\JICI, A3' '1/" . lID IIE1tR HlIIIOl!S 
-IIMTAlIOIIAIllAl ..... ~l).I4J5: 2. _1IIIIIlIi 
(fIVICl.l' . 5~1 .... _~1),1 .. 7~IIW:(l!L 
.... _ (1IIMT). 1S.08: 1 .... _ IUCSOI. 
1\.83; 3. EIIo *'"* (MCJ, 16.11. DIO IIETD! 
S1WU'I:IIASE - l ,""'* iIIrro (1IIM1), t3a.83: 1 
en.. -ICWSI. t.1.29; 1 £G l\I1~ tSUJ. 
WOOIlEltRIIE1AY - L _ .46:01:V"'",III(1lQ) 

-~-TRI'IE.IUII' - llroet1e P_I\.NAI), 36' 11/.': 
l.00n rna (I,CSO' 33' 71/" : 1""~1I'Cll2'6 
1/" . LOMG JIM'-l9llno _~ 16'10 1/ 
,': 2. Don rna IUCSO, Ui' 6 lIT; 1_ 0...0, IIOC). 
15' 7'. IIIIIIO - l Lil_lr.I!I.l4()',·. 2. SI'oI! 
~OAC).1ll'l1·: l""""_fUC$O!.I08'l1· 
HK'oH_-ls....~tIJC$OI.5· 51/.·: 1....., 
1IWI,..,.,.... 5·1/.·: 3.itIOIIo/SoItrs,..,...I.' · 1O 

1/'·: C4II1rW_~I. '· IOI/·· . SHOTPUT -
LRnllIIP.I-r,5I·1O 1/.·: l._~ 1\x:sDI.«·3I'·:1 __ ru«:l.3I' 91/'" 
IXSCUS - L _,. IIIId). liT 6': 1 Lon_ 
(IN\T).16a·6'.1_~(I.CSO)156'U· . .Io\\'!IJI 
- L OinCollz(UNA1), 129'9': '._-IUCSOI. 111'6':1 ___ un·. I.50011ETD! 
-iOf'DIJ UIIIII_('MilWr).5.12.2l;2. u.o-
IIOC). 5:11.5t1 _ -.. (tIMIrI. 5:22.36. 100 
IIETUIIfJIIIW -IRICE U t ~ IlWlII'omolIII. 

1~57: ,. __ ~.15.": l . Din "" 
fUC$O!. 1186: IRICE 2) L _ L-* tuCl. 
17.06: 1_ 5ptl.- pouq 171': 11U1y (MCJ, 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next to Pizza Hut) 5~100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Thealer) 

45!X>420 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT, NOT N(CIIIARY 
MANICURIST AVAlI:A&E 

Monday, April 15, 1991 

IN THE AI FACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

.. 

\' 

Just Moo It 

17.31. ' X IOOIImRREUY - L -.S1.59:UCSO 
(tiQI. 1500 IlEItIS - IIMTATlOIMll l Go In'! ICC). 
, :31.43: 2. c...o lief.,.., IUCSOI. t37.70': 1 SolI 
s...1'U'Cl. ':51.59. coo WTtRS - If'MlA1lOIWJ 1. 
VQiR>l<l~I),58.l5:1 __ I\.CSOi.58.'2: 
1 ___ IIVC). 58.18: IfIOC( ' I L -

_~1),5U7: 1 __ """".65.21: 
1 SO!N R--, IUCSOI. 65.7 .. 100 onus -
(tMTAllOIIAIJ lOmefwllton(SOlC), 12.'~'._ 
_ ISDIOCJ. 12.10: 1 _ 1!¥Ie}. 1192. aoo 
IIE1tR - (1!NITAT1OtI!I) 1. IlIIiI>oe _ IUNAl). 
2:CI,62;2.PIaI_ISOlC> 2:1"03.1 __ 
(SOlC).2:1&l9:IRlCE2) lltiy_i\'iI'A1olI.226.92: 
1 _ -I\.CSOI. 1:27.9!1: 3. _ c.r..wt 
iUCSC!. 2:30.22. 100 IIET£R IUlUS -If'MlATlOIW) 
L_ JICIt/I'II\.CSOI.~I': 1 VDiIlllClloJ(UCSOI 
Iilll: 3. Don _ ilCSOl. 61.22. 200 Wf1EIIS -

(tMT~llOIIAIJ 1 cmo ftIIHOn ISOlCJ, 25.71: t AM 
F.(\/HAI), 26.74.1.0 ... <110 _1/IHC),21.l5. 
:DJO II£TtRS - L-._ ,.....1. lUl6.76: 
1. !ache! • \PIIIrCIlIII. 11:13.1'; 3. lilly RMIoy 
II'oo1>lII). 11.2B.59. 4X4OO WEIER RElAY - 1. UCSD. 
' :07 •• 2. -. .:n. 3. .... r.. .• :35.!6. 

'_NCM~M.t< 

BASEBALL 

RaUlTS 
I/CSD 6 __ CoIrIII 
_5 UCSD3 
WATER POLO 

RaUlTS 

I/CSD I, Col'S' 2 
I/CSD 11 SIn Dol> ,. 5 
UCSO I' SIn 0., 1M..,. »an I I/CSD 17 UC _ 0 

SOFTBALL 
RaUlTS 
_1"' __ 
~_USOI UCSDO 
I/CSD 7 CInnIonI 0 
I/CSD 5 8YU 0 
USO 3 UCSD 2 III ""1'1 
I/CSD 6 a...-t 1 

WATER SKIING 

1IIIUl1l 
AlIII __ I_-.. ·._ 
__ .. 1hMUII L ~ 1ift:2. Qoc 
_ . Il_l SOl 0., su.: 1 ucso. AI __ 1_ 

__ " !-.aII7. itIOl Dun lift "" 
CRc-Iaa.5 _ l IL __ 1415 

_~ 0 .... ,1. sea..... su. (1700 poruj: 1. 
UCS811~ pons~ 11/CSD 11410 ponaj. 

WOMEN 'S TENNIS 

RaUlll 

I/CSDg _CoIIrCieO 
-.7 UCS02 
I/CSD 9 CIINnoort 0 

MEN 'S TENNIS 

1lllUl,1I 

_IUCSOI 
1/CSD6_l 

21 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 15, 1991 

Committee on Post Baccalaureate Opportunities 
Committee on interdisciplinary Programs 
Apply 3rd floor of the Price Center -- A.S. Offices and see Alma 
or call 5344450 for more infonnation 

AS MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Price Center, Third Floor Conference Room 
All students are welcome to attend 

AWAKENINGS 
AS FILM SERIES 
Thursday, April IS, 6:30,9:00, 11 :30 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
"WEIRDED OUT AND BLOWN A WAY" 
Friday, April 19,7:00 pm 
Faustina Solis Hall Room 107 
Free!! 

POP EVENTS 

••• 

1HE FEELIES WITH CHICKASAW MUDPUPPIES 
Monday, April 22, 8:00 pm 
Triton Pub 
Students $6,00/ General Admission $S.OO 
$1 .00 more on day of show 

GREEN CARD 
UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD FILM SERIES 
Friday, April 19 7,9,11:30 pm 
Price Center 1beater 
ONLY ONE DOLLAR 

TIME AGAINST CRIME FAIR 
Wednesday, April 11, 11 :00-2:00 
Price Center Plaza 
Sponsored by All Campus Commuter Board, UCSD Police Department, 
Student Safety/Awareness Program, Security Advisory Committee 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS SPACE APPLICATIONS ARE 
NOW AVAR.ABLE 

All organizations must apply/reapply if they want office or storage space for 
next year. Applications available at EDNA, Univenity Center Office (2nd floor 
Price Center), and Student Organizations Advisor Offices 
Due Friday, April 19,4:00 pm at EDNA 

APPOINTED POSmONS ON THE A.s. COUNCIL: 
-commissioner of Public Relations 
-commissioner of OpentiON/Services and Enterpriaes 
-ASUCSD Student Advocate 
-AS Judicial Boud Chair 
DeadIiDe for applications •• April 19 at 4:00 pm. Interviews - April 20-21. 
Third Floor, PrIce Center 
See Anna for applicatioaa 

-- --- - - ~- -------- ----

AS NEWSR.ASHES it prodIad by die ASUCSD. U., die NEWSFLASHES REQUEST 
10 III- • .....-. ~ _1IIbjel:l1O aVllillllilily 0I..-e. DaIdIine il nery WecMaday 
for die fd~ MaDday pIpII'. Drop of( Md Pic:k up 01 ... Newdlubea forms lie 10 be done 

die AS SeawtIry - 11IinI Floor oldie Price CenIer. COIIIaCt 5J.4-44'" for more infonnllion. 

MARCH OF DIMES WALK AMERICA 
Saturday, April 27, 7:00 am 
Sea World (East Parking Lot) 
First 100 Applicants with S I 0 or more in pledges receive 
free team UCSD T-Shirt. 

WARREN COLLEGE SEMI·FORMAL 
Friday, April 19, 9:00pm-1 :00am 
Downtown Ramada 
S 10.00 per person 
Tickets on sale at Box Office 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB'S SPANISH CULTURE NIGHT 
Monday, April 15,6:30 pm 
Imem:llional Center Lounge 

LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL ASSOCIATION 
LUNCH ON THE HUMP 
Wednesday, April 17, 11:30- 1:30 
at the Hump 

MUIR LEADERSHIP POSITION OPEN 
Muir Representative to A.S. Judicial Board 
Pick up applications now at Muir Dean's Office (HSS 2126) and return them no 
later lhan Friday, April 19,4:00 pm. 

GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY MEETING 
Tuesday, April 16, 5:00 pm 
San Francisco/ Santa Cruz Room 
Join us for our first meeting of the quarter! We will be electing officers and 
planning events for next quarter 

VIETNAMESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, April 17, 5:00 pm -7:00 pm 
Revelle Fonnal Lounge 
We will be discussing Spring Quaner events which include Elections, 
Sporting events, etc 

FLYING FINGERS SIGN LANGUAGE SOCIETY & 
DISABLED STUDENT UNION PRESENT 
QUIEf ZONE THEATRE 
Friday, April 19,8:00 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 

1991 REVELLE TALENT SHOW 
Thursday, April 25, S:OO pm 
Revelle Cafeteria 

GET INVOLVED AT REVELLE! 
Revelle applications are available'in the Revelle Provost Office 
Due Friday, April 26 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday. April 17, 5:00 pm 
GaUery B Price Center 

HABITAT FOR HUMANITY 
Are you interested in building homes for the homeless in Tn 
Next work day is Saturday, April 20 
Come to our meetings 
Tuesday, 7:30 pm at the Grove Earth Day Festival 

Friday April 19. l1am - 8pm 
At the Gym steps and along the 

main walkway 

SgrriaI Gycps' 
•• Dd, Haya - Director of 

the RaInforest Action Networlt 
Tilt C.rdlff Reefe" 



11 

( 

28 SPORTS 

SPORTS PHILLER ,I . - - ~;:; -~'. 

Padres Will Win 
-No Kidding 
P EOPLE LAUGHED WHE I picked the San Diego Padre to win the 
National League West thi year 
(Guardian, April 4, 1991 ). 

"Hey Phil , are you kidding? 
The Padres? The Padres?" 

I w n't kidding. And I'm 
certainly not kidding now. The 
Padre have won five of their 
first ix game - again t two 
teams most people picked to 
fini h ahead of them: the Giant 
and the D dger . Not to mention 
that they just fini hed a three-
game sweep again t the Dodgers 
ill L.A . The Padre ' are currently 
in first place. But nobody picked 
them to win it thIs year. 

Except for me. 
t that their 5- 1 record 

rea II y matters. becau~e the 19 
baseball ea. n IS barely a week 
old and the fir~t few games rarely 
make any ignific(lOt difference. 
But this year' Padre are likely 
to take their earJy- ea on fortune 
and run with it - all the way to 
October. 

I T EEMS that in each of the past few eason - a ide 
from this one - the Padre are 
picked to win the divi ion. very 
year, critics and progno ticator . 
point out that in redible off-
season acqui ition , hot hot 
rookie, and a rejuvenated 
pitching taff will help propel the 
Padre to the divi ion title. The 
Padre enter the ea on under a 
great deal of pre ure to live up 
10 their billing, and every year, 
they do the arne old thing: get 
off to a slow tart and never 
really recover until it' too late. 

But thi year is mpletely 
different. The National League 
We t feature the Cincinnati 
Red , fre h off a 1990 World 

erie weep over the eemingly 
invincible Oakland A' . The 
Red, who really didn't 10 e 
anyb dy of note in the off-
eason, are poi ed to repeat. 

T HE NATIONAL League We t feature the Lo Angele 
Dodgers, who added Darryl 
Strawberry and Brett Butler to an 
already potent offen e. Many 
think nobody will touch them. 
The National League West also 
features the San Francisco 
Giants, who signed Willie 
McGee, Bud Black, and Dave 
Righetti to off- eason contracts. 
Some think the Giants have filled 
all of their holes, and are set for a 
monster year. 

Thtse are the tearns under a 
See PHILLER, Page 22 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 15, 1991 

Brian Morris/Guardian 
Dana Chaiken scores one of the Tritons seven 
runs in UCSD's 7-0 win over Claremont Saturday. 

Toreros Down Tritons 1-0 
• USD takes championship 
of UCSD Softball Classic 
By Gregg Wrenn 
StsffWritlH 

For two days and ix innings in the 
. UCSD Triton Softball Gassic, the UCSD 

softball team pitched shutout ball. But it 
was the seventh inning of Saturday's 
champion hip game against USD that de-
termined the toumament winner. 

When the Torero ' Staci Roper lined a 
single into left field, USD walked away 
with a 1-0 win and the tournament cham-
pionship. 

On Friday, the Triton opened up the 
round-robin portion of play with games 
again t Claremont and USD. Going into the 

Guemont contest, the Tritons had been 
experiencing offensive difficulties. But they 
broke out of their offensive doldrums for a 6-
2 win. 

The second game of the day served as' a 
preview of Saturday's championship contest 
in more ways than one. TIle Division I Toreros 
and the Tritons played to a seorele s tie 
through ix, but in the top of the eventh, 
UCSD got on the board. 

With Melissa Mazanet on first, shortstop 
Dana Chaiken hammered a triple to score 
Mazanet. Stephanie Molina proceeded to 
drive in Chaiken with an RBI single to put 
UCSD up 2-0. 

The Tritons, however, were unable to 
stop the Reinard twins ofUSD, who sparked 

See SOFTBALL, Page 21 

Baseball 
Knocks Off 
sec 6-1 
• Hansen hurls four-
hitter, and four Tritons 
have multiple-hit 
games in victory 
By Rex Grayner 
Staff WritlH 

GUMian File Photo 

The UCSD baseball team looked 
like a different ballclub Thursday. 
For a team that has struggled all 
year long, the Tritons mounted 
perhaps theirmo tconsistenteffort 
of the year in a 6-1 win over South-
ern California College. 

. Editor's note: This 
is the first of a two-part 
series on Division III 
athletes. The conclu-
sion will run this 
Thllrsday. 

FLIGHT OF THE our opponent's offen-
sive tendencies, video-
tape matches, run er-
rands , and share the 
back seat of the van with 
Elizabeth. We were 
both rookies, often un-
certain about our role 
and value to the team, 
so it was a natural bond. 

"We were a completely differ-
ent team out there," pitcher Ryan 
Flanagan said. Different, that is, 
from the team that two days earlier 
suffered an embarrassing 5-2 loss 
to Redlands. 

By Greg Huffstutler 
Staff Writer 

Elizabeth Banez and 
I u ed to hare the 
back seat of the chool 
van during road trip . 

I always thought of 

At the Divi ion ill level, the lack of financial 
compensation is not the only reason for athletes 

to quit competing. (Pictured above: Eric Quigley) 
Elizabeth as the proto-

typeofa Division ill athlete. She was only 5'5" -
with not enough height and not enough power to 
play for a Division I team - but was bright, goOO-
natured, never complained, had a great work ethic, 
and alway Ii tened to her coache . She even had 
her own cheering ection whenever the team played 
at home, and her backcourt play helped the 1990 

In the fall of 19 9, we both had the lea t amount 
of seniority on the women's volleyball team. She 
wa a walk-on player, originally cut during Augu t 
tryout , then a ked to rejoin the team a month later 
after another player decided he liked backpack-
ing in the mountains more than backcourt digging. 

I had joined the team that ame week a the 
team' " tudent a i tant." My job wa to chart 

Sargeant Leads 
At UCSD Invite 
By Aaron Friedland 
Staff Writer 

Saturday' UCSD track and field Invita-
tional wa ju t that - an open invitational 
free for anyone to enter. A a result, it wa 
not scored as an official college track com-
petition. But that didn't stop UCSD's Scott 
Sargeant from setting school records in the 
discus and hammer. 

TIle meet had both a local and international 
flavor, featuring teams from Pomona-Pitzer, 
Point Lorna, France, and Brazil. 

See ATHLETE, Page 20 

UCSD track and field Head Coach Mark 
Stanforth said that he was very pleased with 
the results of the meet. " It has been a good 

See TRACK, Page 19 

...... IIorrItIGuwUian 
The UCSD women's varsity eight won the Wyatt 
Cup for the third consecutive year, and fifth overall. 

Against SCC (22-12), unlike the 
Redlands game, the Tritons hit. 
And they played defense. And they 
pitched. In fact, for one of the few 
times this year, UCSD did every-
thing it needed to do to win. 

Before beating the Vanguard , 
UCSD was 0-8 again t NAlA op-
ponents this year. 

But behind starting pitcher Brent 
Hansen, UCSD (12-16) turned the 
treak around. Hansen entered the 

game with something of a personal 
vendetta against SCC. In a Feb-
ruary meeting between the two 

See BASEBALL, Page 23 

Women's Crew 
Claims Wyatt 
CupatSDCC 
By Heather Holtzclaw 
Associate Sports Editor 

AU it took was 10 seconds -
the "power ten" sprint. 

In an intense 1 O-second sprint in 
which the team rows at "110 per-
cent," the UCSD women's varsity 
eight boat pulled ahead to clinch 
the Wyatt Cup at the San Diego 
City Championships for ~ third 
consecutive year and the fifth time 
in Triton history. 

See CREW, Page 22 


