
INSIDE. •• 
OPINION 

TheFuture~ 
TGs Laoks IIaak 

When me TOs were 
moved to the Price Center 
last spril18. all was well. 
Students c:ouId still enjoy 
good music with iRe beer 
while security was beefed-
up and liability was 
reduced. But now the 
administration wants to 
move the TGs out to a field 
on the periphery of campus 
for a trial period of one 
year. This experiment wiU 
fail, because the administra-
tion does not want it to 
succeed/ PAGE 4 

SPECTACLE 

The Out 
Of HillCrest 

Despite its reputation as 
San Diego's premier 
alternative neighborhood, 
Hillcrest has undergone a 
transformation of sorts. 
What used to be a close-knit 
community has become the 
Uptown District. Spectacle 
examines the actions and 
reactions of the residents to 
development and 
gentrification / PAGE 54 

SPORTS 
. I t ·,,,'. . I 

... ~ ... ~'" . 
',~' . 
. ~ t'. • 

Down ana Dirty. 
The U<:SO wOmen's 

SOCICef team dcfeared 
Division n nemesis Cal 
Srate San Bernardino 2-0 in 
ado~ rnalch. 
Kary DuIoct and Clayl 
Parter acb ICOI'ed for the 
Tritoaa. who avenpd an 
early ___ lie willa Ibe 
CO)Qa/ PAlE sa 

INDEX 
UCSD ..... " ...... 1 

~ .................... 4 

Customized 
Texts Come 
To Campus 
By Suzanne Phan 
Gu8ldlan Reporter 

UCSD will soon provide an up-
to-dale look to its students as UCSD 
professors can now tailor their text-
books to meet their own needs. 

A new campus computer at the 
UCSO Bookstore will offer faculty 
an opportunity to customize teach-
ing material through an extensive 
inventoryofavailabletextsandjour-
nals. 

After the initial selection, books 
can then be bouoo. printed and avail-
able within hours. 

Togetherwith McGraw-Hili, one 
of the nation's largest publishing 
and information services, UCSO has 
become the first campus to imple-
ment a local custom publishing cen-
ter using Primis, a soft-ware pro-
gram developed by both McGraw-
Hill and Kodak Company. 

"UCSD Bookstore has the vi-
sion of being the information cen-
ter, in terms of providing course 
materials." said Paul Mares. man-
ager of the bookstore. 

REACH OUT- HR, one of the artists at Saturday's Reggae Festival. reaches out to the audience. The 
festival, sponsored by ASUCSD Programming and Pop Events. also featured Pato Banton and the 
Reggae Revolution, Ras Michael and The Sons of Negus. and Dub Tet. featuring Dave Wakeling. 

Primi is a method of custom-
publishing material through the use 
of an electronic data base. 

Essentially, professors will be 
able to personalize the contents of 
their textbooks through their selec-
tions. 

UCSD Police Give the Boot to 'Foot 
Man' at the Undergraduate Ubrary 

1be sy tern will enable profes-
sors to mix and match a variety of 
materials from journals and maga-
zines, relevant charts and graphs, or 
even their own research. Even un-
published manuscripts will be able 
to be incorporated into the cohesive 
textbooks. 

"It could potentially change the 
way textbooks are created and the 
way textbooks are received by the 
students," says Warren Froelich. the 
Director of Science Communica-
tions at UCSD. 

Rather than relying on old text-
books, up-ta-minute coverage of 

See TEXTS, Page 3 

By PhIlp Michaels 
Staff Writer 

Something strange was afoot last 
weekend at the Undergraduate Li-
brary. 

An unidentified male was re-
moved by UCSD Police from the 
Undergraduate Library on Sunday, 
Oct. 13, for fondling the feet of a 
female patron. 

Police would not release details 
of the identities of the involved par-
ties. A representative from the Un-
dergraduate Library, however, said 
that the male suspect was a non-
affiliate. ' 

1be woman was described by 
witnesses as a student. 

According to the police report, 

. REDUCING SECURITY 

the incident occurred at approxi-
mately II :25 p.m., when the su -
peet approached the woman and 
a ked if he could sketch her feet. 

1be female patron agreed, but 
apparently changed her mind when 
the suspect allegedly began to fondle 
her feet. She ordered him to stop and 
refused to continue to be sketched. 

After the suspect left, the woman 
returned to studying. At this point, 
the suspect returned by crawling 
under the study carole and resumed 
fondling the student's feet. 

1be woman informed library per-
sonnel at the circulation desk of the 
incident. 1bey, in tum, called the 
UCSD Police Department. 

A witness, who asked to remain 

anonymous, described the perpelra-
tor as a male in his early Iwentie , 
who the witness said appeared 10 be 
a member of the United Stales mili-
tary. 

According 10 the witness, when 
the suspect was apprehended by the 
police, he was carrying a nOlebook 
containing several drawings of 
women's feet. all from different 
angle and perspective . 

"I guess he lold [the police] that 
he didn't think he was doing any 
harm - that he didn't mean to scare 
anyone," the witness said. 

TIle Police Department declined 
to comment on what.charges, if any, 
will be filed against the suspect, as 
the case is still under invesligation. 

l esOs , In force esOs eliminated 
Campus Official Says 
Times Report on Majors 
Was Off by Two Years 

(First in a series of graphics 
on the effects of the UC 
budget cuts at I.!CSD) 

• Due to a shortfall in 
funding, the UCSD Police 
Department has made 
cuts in its Community 
Service Officer (eSO) 
program. The department 
plans to compensate for 
the loss of the CSO 
daytime parking lot patrol 
program by increasing 
police patrols. 

Day Patrols 

• . It 
Night Patrols 

•• " •• ,1,111 
"'llltlllll Itt t t 

By~Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

Contrary to a recent front-page Los Angeles Times 
report in the San Diego County section. non-science 
fields have made up a larger portion ofUCSD' s declared 
majors than the sciences for the past two years. 

The Oct. 13 Times article said that figures Spring 
Quarter 1991 quarter showed science majors eclipsed 
by non-science majors for the first time in UCSO's 
history . 

However, Campus Planning Officer Robert Starkey 
said that UCSD, which has a strong reputation rooted in 
the sciences, gained more non-science majors begin-
ning in the 1988-89 academic year. 

Starkey said that since that year, the sciences have 
comprised a progressively decreasing percentage of 
UCSD majors. 

Using data based on the declared majors of upper-
Source: UCSO Police Department division students for the Fall, Winter and Spring Quar-

L-. __________________________ ----J ters oflast year, 42.6 percent of students were engineer-

~br~c:.~ See MAJORS, Page 3 



2 J-,iEWS 

UCSD 
CtlPS 
I NEWS li~ hRIF f 

UCSD Medical Center Limits 
Smoking to Designated Areas 

8egiMing Oct, I, patients, visitors and staff of the 
UCSD Medical Center who smoke have been asked to 
refrain from smoking unless they are inanewly designated 
outdQor smoking area. Two smolcing areas opened in 
October, and a third will open in March. 

Limiting smoking to these lUQS is pan of the Medical 
Center'S two-year-old commitment toproviding a smoke-
free environment (or patients, visitOOi and staff. 

The Medical Center's existing smoking policy was re-
evaluated recently by the Medical Center administration 
and the Center's executive commillce, after the "Quality 
of the Envirorunent" team noted that many people were 
smoking near entrances to the hospital. 

Fonner Chief o(Medical Staff Dr. Lee Talner encour-
aged the Executive Committee to look inlO the smoking 
policy, saying that he thought the Medical Center could 
do a better job of freeing non-smokers from secondhand 
smoke. 

"[Some smokers] said that having a place to smoke 
was important and !hat moving smoking areas away from 
theentrance5 would be acceptable as long as rhe new areas 
weren'ltoo far from the buildings," Talner said. 

AWlS, GWIS Hold SocIaI .... for 
Women Pursuing ScIence careers 

The Association for Women in Science (AWlS) and 
the Graduate Women in Science (GWIS) are spormring 
a social event for women undergraduates, graduates, post-
doctoraJs, facuJty and members o( the community inter-
ested in science or pursuing research careers. 

The Fall Quarter Mixer will beheld Wednesday, from 
6:30 to 8:30 p.m. at the UCSD Fac:ulty Oub. The evening 
speaker will be Dr. Marjorie Caserio, vice chancellor of 
Academic Affairs. Refreshments will be served. 

The membership of A WIS and GWiS is comprised of 
women at most of the area universities, private research 
foundations, and biotech industries in San Diego. 1be 

Calvin and Hobbes 

The VCSD Guardian 

evena will give women a c:hIInce 10 meet ocher women in 
science who share similar aoaJs. conc:ems and achievements. 
Lay Publications Inform Scientists 
Of Important Medical Discoveries 

A study Jed by UCSD SociolosY Profeaor David PIullips 
shows that news coverage in major print media may play a 
greater role !hat previously believed in disseminaling impor-
tant medical knowJed&e 10 the scientific conununity. 

1be results of the study were published in the Oct. 17 Issue 
of the New England Journal of Medicine (NElM). 

"Many members of the scientifIC and medical communi-
ties have long assumed that the communication ofdiscoveries 
to researchers and physicians flows only through scientific 
journals and other esoteric channels. " Phillips said. 

'This research shows that new medical and scientific 
findings that are published in scientific joumals and 
retransmitted in the lay press may n:ceive a disproportionalc 
share of attention within the biomedical community," he 
continued. 

Phillips' research is based on published scientific articles 
in the NEIM and their retransmission in theNt'w YorkTimn. 

Phillips collaborated with Central Library Reference li-
brarian Elliot Kanter and UCSD undergraduates Bridget 
Bednarczyk and Patricia Tastad. 

Programs Abroad Office Offers 
Foreign Study Advisory Sessions 

1be Programs Abroad OffICe has orpnized several infor-
mational and advisory sessions regarding various inlema-
tiona! opportunities. 

• WorkAbroadlnfoSession:TueIday,Oct. 22,11 a.m.,in 
the International Center Confaenc:e Room 

• France Group Advisina Session: Tuesday, Oct. 22, 1:30-
3 p.m., in the International Center Lounge 

• Spain Group Advising Session: Tuesday,Oct. 29, 1 :30-3 
p.m., in the Intemahonal Center Conferalce Room. 

• Eastern Europe/USSR Group Advising Session: 
Wednesday, Oct. 30,1:30-3 p.m., in the IntemarionaI Center 
Confereocc Room 

• Africa Group Advising Session: Tuesday, Nov. S, 1:30-
3 p.m., in the InremalionaI Conference Room 

• Asia Group Advising Session: Tuesday, Nov. 12, 1:30-3 
p.m., in the International Center Conference Room 

o Italy Group Advising Session: Thursday, Nov. 14, 1:30-
3 p.m., in the International Center Conference Room 

• EAP/OAP Pre-Depanure Orientation (for Winter aOO./or 
Spring 1992): Thursday, Nov. 14,5-7 p.m., in the Interna-
tional Center Lounge. 

by Bill Watterson 

Monday, 0cI0bcr 21, 1991 

c 
EWS 

UC Professors Claim "Excellence 
Through Diversity" Is a Myth 

. 

DA VIS-UC Berkeley Anthropology Professor 
Vincent Sarich and UC Davis SocioloaY Professor John 
Scott said at a recent forum that the affinnarive action 
system is doing more hann that good by decreasing the 
quality of the educational system. 

Sarich claimed that UCB's attempt at '''excellence 
through diversity' . .. is the mark of an institute on its way 
down - one bent on suicide." 

"Quality on one hand and diversity on the other are 
mutualJy incompatible. You can't maximize more than 
one of a set of related variabJes at a time," he said 

Scon, who has been the focus ofmudl attention and an 
official investigation due to allegations levied against him 
for some of his staremenlS in the classroom, said that he 
primarily sees the affmnarive action progia .. as a conse-
quence of the maruration of the 1960's generation. 

"I grew up washed in the seas of appropriate left-wing 
thoughts •.. I noticed liberal propensities ro do this, !hat 
and the ocher, which do not work," Scoa said. 

He explained that. in his view, the affirmative action 
program is a belief or symbol which has no practical 
application. 

UCSB's Freshman Class Shows 
Decreasing Ethnic Diversity 

SANTA BARBARA-This year's incoming fresh-
man class at UCSB is less ethnically divme than last 
year's, despite claims by administrators rhat they have 
made concerted effons 10 diversify the campus. 

Administrators attribute the drop in low-income mi-
noritystudenrs 10 outside factors, like the recenr40 percent 
fee increase. 

Student leaders such as Benny Torres, chainnan of a 
campus Oli<:ano group, disagree, sayins UCSB could do 
agreardeal more to improve diversity, such u increasing 
outreach 10 poor areas and providing more financial aid to 
mioority students. 

GunlJIAN 
JASON SNElL, EtIIat In CNII 
AOBit IIACUAN, IIII1phg EtIIDt 
BEN BOVau<, ~ EtIIDt 
JAIES COlLER, DI$I EtIIDt 
L YhW FRANEY, CqJy EdIIIr 
JEtfff GALANG, AsIoaIIef ~ •• .,.,t EdIIor 
JOSEPH GARCIA, ArlltEr ..... ,.Jt EtIIat 
MARY BETTY t£ARD, ,... EtIIDt 
PETER Ko, .,.. EtIIDt 
.EtH=ER KOlSKY, PIIofo EtItor 
IE. MARCELO, GnIphIcs Edler 
DAN MCDOWEll., A..a. PIIofo EcIIDr 
KEN P8UIAN, HIociIIf SpMs EcIIDr 
CtIISTOPtER REGh&, A ..... .,.. EtIIor 
BRETT RHYNE, *'** EtIfor IlAmEW ROMISON, A ..... ~ EtIIDt 
ANGELA AOVA, A..a. *". EcIIDr 
SIC SCtMn', ....... ,.", EtIIat 
StERYl WOLCOTT, A.a. ,... EcIIDr 
WLEEN WONG, A.alIIt Atfs£MllfIt., • ., EdIIar 

BOB DIANDREA, ..... "".., 
IIatAEl FOULKS, AdvItIIIIng MIl.,. 
IEIIARTIEZ, AM_ """,., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, ca.lllIId,...,... 
MM_ ........ HIIII..,." .... V __ 
Qj I. = ...... ~Joel.ee. s.nw... ... 

Monday, Odobcr 21, 1991 

TEXTS 
ConIInued ........ 1 
course maraial can become the norm. 

ProfessoBmay orderas many books as are needed, 
accordingroactualclasssize,rarherthanpre-ordering 
according to an estimated figure for registration. 

Not only will this eliminate unused extra books, it 
may also mean a possible reduction in the costs of 
textbooks such as distribution charges for cross-
country might shipmenL 

After a selection is made through the on-line 
Primis catalog, tbc order is transmitted to a high speed 
printer at the UCSD Graphics Reproduction Center. 
The books are printed at a rate of 92 pages a minute, 
creating nearly 30 copies of a 2()O.page book in one 
hour. 

Currently, the database consists solely of material 
from McGraw-Hill's texts and supplemental materi-
als, including case studies from Business Week and 
The Journal of AccoUlllancy. 

This is only the first step in developing a larger 
database. The present design of the data base is not 
specifically intended for publishing due to its limited 
information. 

Thedatabase primarily contains material for math-
ematics, engineering, political science and business 
courses. As it continues to expand, there will be more 
access to the different types of materials. 

''The true value will not come for another three to 
four years," Mares said. 

''Time is needed to build, expand and store the 
materials in an electrQnic format," he added. 

Nevertheless,the arrangements are the latest tech-
nological advancement in the way infonnation at 
universities will be gathered and distributed. 1be 
UCSD Bookstore plans to take advantage of new 
developments in the delivery of education and course 
materials as they arise. 

"In this era, course materials are being published 
in several formats. The position of ours is to provide 
education however needed," Mares said. 

McGraw-Hili is currently in the process of getting 
other publishers to use Primis' software, hoping to 

MAJORS 

The UCSD Guardian 

THENAMEGAME-Changingthe Undergraduate 
Science Building's name to York Hall this summer 
may have been asking for trouble, Revelle College-
style. In the past, students have changed Argo 
Hall to "Argo Hell" and Discovery Hall to "Disco 
Hall." 

make their published material readily available. 
By working with faculty and matching their interests 

and needs with the information to be incorporated into 
the data base, McGraw-Hill intends to develop the 
database further. 

Primis texts have been used at 150 campuses across 
the country in areas such as accounting, mathematics, 
chemistry, marketing and political science, but UCSD is 
the first university to make localized text creation avail-
able to professors. 

A similar system will be under development at USC 
early next year. 

THE MAJOR DIFFERENCES 

CcInIInuM ....... 1 
ina and science majors. wbiJc 
51.3 pen:enr dcclan!d majors in_ 
the social scieoccs. bumllnitles, 
or aats. 

Ii1 comparison. science rna- , 
jors for die 1989-90 academic 
yearconsdtutecl4S,7 pen:eotof 
upper-diVision students, while 
non-sclence students made up 
48.S percent. 

• Although it Is known as a science and research university, UCSD 
has 8 larger percentage of non-science m$rS than both science 
and engineerl~ majors combined. Over the last two years, the 
percentage of science majors has continually decreased, as the 
number of non-sclence majors has increased. Shown here Is the 
breakdown of mlilllOrs for upper~sion students in the 199091 
school year. 

According to the Timu .... 
ricIe, university officials see the 
growing J'1CllHCieoce m¥>rs as 
a .eflection of changing bends 
in students' iaIerests. 

1beTUMSreporIS VaOlan-
cellor of Acldemic Affairs 
Marjorie CaIerio as sayiDg. '1n 
pan it reOecIs the bent of young 
people IDdayIOWard more infer.. 
est in social isaues.. .. 

NEWS 3 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

oo~wMCAT 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 
THE ~ IlCAr PREP COURSE RI.I>I & TAOOHr BY I.IEOICAL PROFESSlCWM.S IN SAN DIEGO! 

THE '1 MCAT COURSE IN SAN DIEGO; 6 YEARS Of TOP MCAT SCORES! 
° TAUGHT BYTOI'UCSD DOCTORS 6< MD.·I'h.D. CA DlIJATES WHO ARE EXPERTS IN 
MCAT PREPARATION. UNLI KE ANY THERCOURSE ... MCAT PREP I OUR SI'£CIALTY 
6< IT'S All WE 001 
° THE MOST COMPlETE & I"OPUI.AR MCAT PREP COURSE IN SAN 01£00-6 YEARS 
OF PROVEN SUCCESS! 
° AN INTENSE. 100+ HOUR LECTURE AND WORKSHOP-lIASED REVIEW PROORAM OF 
THE IENCES, READING 6< WRITIN KI LLS AREA TESTED ON THE NEW MCAT, 
KEYTESTSTRATEOIES 6< snJDY KILLS 
° ltm:NSlVESCIENCE PROIll£Iol roLViNGANOREAOINOSKILLSWOR HOPS; 
INTEN IVE ESSAY WRITING WORK HOPS WITH A UCSO WRITING PROfESSOR; 
MALL GROUPLEARNI NG 

° OVER I.OC:O PAGES OF H/GH.Y/fLDMCAT PRACTICE TESTS, IENCE PROBLEM 
SOLVING EXA MS, CONDENSED FORMULA SHEET & REVIEW NOTES PROVIDED TO 
All STUDENTS 
° MEET & HAVE DIR ECT (X)NTACT WITH CURRENT MEDICAL snJDENTS; 
DISCU ION OF THE MEDICAL SC~/OOL APfLICA TI N. ADMISSION 6< INTERVIEW 
PR ,& UFE ONCE IN MEDICAL SCHOOL O/KECTLY FROM THE MEDICAL 
STUDENT PERSPECTIVE! 
, FREE TAK E·fIOME UBRARYCHECKOVTOF All COM MERCIALLY AVAILABlE MCAT 
REVIEW MATERIALS 
° MUCH LOWER COST THAN OTHER REVIEW COURSES: I'fRSONAL TUTORING 
INCLUDED IN PR RAM 

~ ce 
SPONSORED IN PART BY TliE SPECIAl ADMISSIONS 
SUPPORT PROGRAM. UCSD SCHOOL Of IIEIlICINE 

CLASSES BEGIt JANUARX 11!b IN PREPARATION 
FOB THE APIJIL 4 1112 MOO 

NOW ENROLLING FOR WINTER '92 

CALL(619)456~ 

2 TANS $1 
One for You, One for a Friend 

I 30 TAN DAYS $29 I 
~~- Ca/llor delails • 2nd 30 Ian days $39,99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Bodv Wrap - Only $48 

Not a terTlJOlary Wiler lOsS ~ Aeooce cellui le and stretch malks 

Trim & Tan • UCSD 
3251 Holiday Ct. #204 
455-0909 Explr •• ' II2'I9' 

Includes: Shampoo and quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26 
Standby fares are subject to availabilit~ 
of stylists. To insure faster service, it's 
best to come in on weekdays. 

"'Ai~ 
GF\A?FliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr, • La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 



OPINION 
" OPINION 

Editoriol Board 
JASON SNELL. EdiIOr in CUer 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Manlllin, Edilor 
MARY BE1TY HEARD. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

T.UCSD G_ II __ owIoc. _II" U--,. "'c.IiIanoia. s.. DIeeo. eo- 01991. 
v .......... __ ... ...;oriIy_"' .. __ ....... _-,_"' ... UC_of--. ... ASUCSD._ ... _G __ . 

TGs IN TROUBLE 

Sounding the Death Knell 
When the California bureau of Alcoholic Bevemge Conuol 

(ABC) ruled lasl January lhal beer al the TGs was illegal. lhe future 
of the event looked rathergrim.11le hump-the traditional location 
of the event -had to be abandoned. The A.S. lried TGs without beer 
for a rime, but to no avail. AI the lasl TG of Winter Quarter. only a 
handful of siudenrs were in attendance. 

The TG has always been a unique entity at UCSD. For over 15 
years, students have enjoyed the twice-monthly events for the 
entenainment and - mo t importanlly, it would seem - the free 
beer. But once the hump became a non-viable localion last winter, 
the AS. council scrambled to find a location where the event could 
continue in its original form: with beer. 

The AS., led by then-president John Edson, succeeded in reach-
ing a compromise with the administration, agreeing 10 hold the TGs 
in the Price Cenler. While not nearly as good as the original location, 
the Price Center was an adequate solution, especially when consid-
ering the alternative of no beer at all. 

The A.S. compromise kept the TG in its original form, and 
students responded positively. Security at the event was beefed up 
considerably, [.D.'s were carefully scrutinized and a fence was 
ereeled around parts of the Price Center in order to separate students 
from 11011- tudents, all in an attempt to reduce the risk of liability. 
Other than a few anests, the two TGs held in the Price Center last 
spring went off without a hitch. 

So what is the administration's problem this time? If the events 
went so well, why does Vice-ChanceUor of Academic Affairs 
Joseph Watson want to move the TGs out of the Price Center and to 
a playing field on the periphery of campus? 

If its recent actions are of any indicalion, the administration's 
latesl edici is yet another anempt 10 kill the TGs by slowly sucking 
the life out of them. It couldn't kill the TGs legally - as Edson 
demonstrated last year - SO now it is looking for any excuse it can. 

According to Warson, selVing free beer in public and centralized 
areas promotes an image !hat is inconsisleJlt with the administration 's 
position on alcohol and drug abuse prevention. If thai were really the 
case, then what is the BuU's Eye Tavern doing with a liquor license? 
Or the faculty club? Surely students are not theonJy people prone to 
having problems with alcohol abuse. 

Watson has said that the Price Cenler is very much like the 
university's living room, and has argued that no one would want 10 
have a party in their living room. This is mystifying. People have 
parties in their living rooms all the time, by their own choice, and 
they obviously don' t seem to mind. 

Watson seems to be saying that the university should be strictly 
a place oflearning, and nothing more. His statements concerning the 
TGs give one the impression that UCSD is a monastery, thai he is the 
abbot and the studenls are his monks. 

Rather than admilling that the administration would rather not 
have TGs al all, Watson has tried to smooth over the issue with the 
standardargumenls we have heard-and soundly refuted-before. 

Watson says that the issue "has nothing to do with momlity.II 's 
a public health issue, it is a liability issue, it is an issue as to what is 
necessary to have a good time with friends." But with the security 
measures taken last Spring Quaner at the Price Center, the liability 
question was rendered moot and all of the legal requirements posed 
by the ABC were satisfied. 

To a degree, Watson is right thai drinking is a public health issue. 
Certainly we would agree with him that drinking to the point of 
excess poses a,hazard for the one intoxicated and those around that 
person. But such behaviorisnolonger likely at a TG,atleastnot with 
Ihe amount of beer provided at the event. The number of kegs has 
been substantially reduced in recent years, and students are limited 
to a maximum of three beers per person. 

Funhermore, l.D. 's are so well-scrutinized at the TGs that it is 
virtually impossible for minors to obtain alcohol. Certainly the 
public health issue is not as great as Watson would have us believe. 

But none of that mailers. The TGs will be evicted from the Price 
Center as they were from the hump and seot out to Pryatel field 
(hopefully) for a lrial period of one year. It would appear that by 
bani hing the TGs to a relatively out-of-the-way location, the 
administralion hopes to discourage students from attending the 
events. 

In the end, the Pryatel experiment will "fail," just as the Price 
Cenler experiment "failed." It will fail because the administration 
does not want it 10 succeed. 

The UCSD Guanlim Moaday, October 7, 1991 

BENSON 

CLOSE-UP 

Sumnier With Brother Derek 
• No job, no school, no parties and no trips.around the world-
just three months of quality time with my 13-year-old brother 
.., ..... 1(0 
Spotts EdIfr1f 

'"wt.t I Did On My 
Summer Vacation." by 
PecerKo. 

Absolutely noching. 
Theaxl 

In a nutshell, you have 
the IIOry of my SUlJIiDeI'.1n 
fact, )"011 havo the story for 
19 of the last 20 swnmen 

CLOSE-UP / 

in my life. I'd be batting 1.000 except that I 
weill to summer camp wllm I was eip.. 
Nobody'. perfect. 

I take a 101 of crap - or SOlDO s1ang varia-
tion thereof - for my IUIDIIleI'S. When I say 
DOChing, I mean nothing: no job. no school, no 
panies, DO trips around the world. NoIbiq. 
Zilch. Notid. 

The mISOD for my inacdvity is 13 yean old 
and in Ibe eighth parle. He '.1CIIIIeWhtR in the 
neighborhood of five feet IDd bia weiibllellds 
ID flutter above and below tbe ceaIUi')' IDIUt. 
He's my younger brocher, Oerdt. 

AOO I have a confession to iIIIIkc: I like him. 
Y c:s, I know it's not bip or cool to say you like • 
r.miIy member, pIII1icuIarly one whose 
description is supposed to inevitably include the 
word "tnt. ". know dlIl I'm suppoeed CO 
complain about whit. plio in the butt - or 
some slang varialion !hereof - he Is. But I 
can't help iL I like him, I admire him, and I 
misabim. 

1 miss measin& around with bim.1 mila 
talking ID him. I mill playing with bim.1 mIa 
going places with him. And • miss Yt'IICbina 
him pow up. He's one of the cIoeaIt Meads I 
have. if not the c:loeest.ln the pest fbur)Un. 
I've b.t four dif&aent !letS ofrootll •• b, and 
I've lost conbICI with virtually all of my tiieods 
back home. But nooe ofdlll blip me u mucb 
as knowing tbIIt In the last tine yean, rve seen 
Derek a grand IOIal of(JOUIbIy) 12 montbs. 
That's two )'all of his life rYe misled. 

College is suppoeed CO impcove tile qualiry 
of your nre. orwhalievertbll UneofBS it is 
they stick in tbe pm1phIec. And I gueas I bou&bI 
dUlllineol ...... ~ ... dIe 
way, bec:auIe rm here. But I'm not sure how 
much it can ....,ve wilen it likes you away 

from the people you love. 
So every IUIDIDer' I ao 

home, and I bang out with 
the ldd.1 always live some 
thouJhIlO geaing a job, 
but in die end, I always 
decide IbIl my time could 
be better spCnt going to. 
bIIebI1l game with Derek, 
playIna soccer with him, 
going co a movie with bini 

or Just plopped 011 the coucb WIIIdIioa TV 
topIber. 

And tbIt's what I did Ibis summer. We 
~.1Dt of soccer. He's. tbIt heiabt DOW 
wbn his shoulder cbarps tend to hit ri~ 
an:MIDd DI)' waist area. Or sIiJbdy below. rm 
bopina be'U pow.1i1de r..r. 

And we played bIIebaII. He sliD blames me 
(or InIkiDa bia finpr wbeo he 'NIl II, but be', 
finIOy staned playina with a mil bIIsd.Il, He's 
a« • pnIUy aood 8iDI and throws • decent 
chIIqo-up. But, like me, be can't bit a lick.. 

We went to the movies and saw, &mOII8 
ocher things, '1)a Bi,.. Movcee uv cia 
Summab. ""TenninItor 2." Arnold was 
outstancIin& IIId we immediatd), went out IDII 
bought TM Making of Terminator 2 CO find out 
how they did all the special eft'ecII.lib ~ 
dole in abo T-IOOO', bead 10 ~ could sec 
clelrtbivu .... 

The bigaaa iJR)bIem WI anakioa DcM 
into tbe 1betIIer, We fiaIIly decided that he'd 
bide bebind a piDIr wbDe I bouabt the dckeIs. 
1b= are advanIapI to beina IIDIIL 

And we warchecI G lot of TV, He', tried to 
ace me lnreaesled in ICicDce tk:tion.lOd while I 
still can't teU a JOioaon fiom a RomullD.l can 
tlliealt sit throu&b at epiIOde of"Sllr TnlIc: 
The Next OeaeIIdon-and ace the bIIic Idea. 

We'm not perfecL We ba\te our'" of 
8l'JUIDCIOIS. He's havina • field day riJhI DOW, 
because the 4gers stink. And IIOIDetimes gee • 
UttIe carried • .., wiIb DI)' ...... 

Bur as Joaa _I'm ia ICbooI.I'D conIinue ID 
peck evecytbina up and bIuI it all home die 
miJUe I hind in my lilt fiDII. becIuse dim's 
nothiDa In abe world dill 1 eqioy more than the 
three moadII of summer that we .. to spend 
toptber. 

Moaday, October 7,1991 

COMMENTARY 

Sex and 
Economics 
• What would happen if 
economists actually had 
to study 'real stuff'? 
.., ...;van .'ON 
SenIor StJJIf wwter 

When Ed Sdodali WlL'lIUI'I1ing in his 
final eanxnics exmI, all he oouId Ihink 
about WIL'I the fact that he would DIMI" 
haYC to take aoochcr coonomics course 
again. He had struggled through almost 
~ camomic:s cIau he had taken, and 
knowing Ihal the anxiety and perplexity 
ineviIabIy CIIIangIed in such classes WIL'I 
done wiIh foreyermade him quite happy. 

Needless to say, when he received his 
reportC8ld wilba"D"liSIednexttohislMl 
eanxnicsCXJUrse, and he railizrd that he 
wouIdlllvetotakethecllWloveragain,he 
WIL'I dwwnover the edge and fell into the 
murkiestbowelsofdepressioneverCJlPC' 
rienocd by a SIUdent of eoonomics. 

For two weeks he lay in bed, think.ins 
only of the final exam he failed. He wenI 
over IKId ova- the leSt's problems in his 
mind, most of the time saying to himidf, 
"I can't believe I faibL I can't believe I 
failed. .. 

Ed felt as if sorneoneof abnonnaI size 
had grabbed his head willl two extremely 
muscular IIIrQ and started to whirl him 
around in a motion similar to helicoI*r 
blades at lOp speed.. 

It W$ seven years before Ed would 
recover from the dizzying effects of such 
defeat. His inability to bring himself to 
enter a classroom only contributed to his 
depression (heaiedonce, butthecompul-
sion ID SIaIt screaming uncontrollably 
during IccIure wa simply !DO disturbing 
for baCh his psyche and theoChCr students 
in his cllWl). He' never graduIItcd from 
college and, consequently, was always 
dissatisfied with his limited job prospcas. 

But afta- seven years of having an 
upset stomach (from the intemaI spinning 
sensation), and the long hours of selling 
shoes (or the like), Ed came up willl an 
idea thar brought a whirlwind of happi-
ness all around him. 

Ed invenled a ~oIutionary sex toy 
!hal mldell:d both the dildo and blow-up 
doll obsckte AOO he called his overnight 
success the "Widget. " 

His life changed for the better not 
because he became exlremely wealthy 
and never had ID WOIk another day in his 
life, but because his invention ruincd~ 
nomic studies aOO programs. ~ uni-
versiry in the courtly. 

Of oowse, the people who were tn06I 
negatively affecIrd by the Wtdget were 
the Jaqto leamoftheirdoom. Having little 
to do wiIh the real world, ecooomics 
professoB were completely clueless as to 
the e,ustence of the invention. .. until one 
professor WIL'I ~ ofbeing a pervert 
after giving the same Iecne he had been 
giving for years. 

Evidently, he was discussing the 
fundemelllaI concept of supply and ~ 
mand, IKId when he attempted in an ex-
ample to iIIroduoe the Widget as what he 
believed 10 be a non-product or Btl imagi-
nary product (as do many profy:ssors of 
economics), everycnc in the Iccture burst 
into Iaughta" - except one persoo. That 
one pmon WIL'I highly offended by the 
idea of using a sex toy as an exanpIe 10 
further the IDldelStBllding of supply and 
demInd, IKId figural that if she lOOk her 
OIlfI1JIaintlDthemedia,thetNh would be 
told In1 jusIioe Dahl be aerYCd. 

The next mornin& the headline of one 
majoI pel iodical read: ''Scx-CrazlCdEoon. 

See ECONOMICS, Page 8 

The UCSD Guardian 

IfIlJllllWIU ... ,.,.,..,...,., 
~ ..... qaIy eJ«perpeat of Ibe 

...... borl.Y ~ ill tile c:IIIIPII eJeo. 
~ ~ "'" "lin All UDOOI~tod. 
... odIerp!lllidoaa wero 111ft empey, As a 
I'CIUII. ... ,.UCSO .............. -beia& ICIt" I. erlld by In .Moci_ Stu-
.... (A.S.)00UDCil wbida_yettosbow 
tbeJoidllivcorlbelpib'lheoptlDytbina 
dCIae (or Ibeir cONd", •• 

TbeiecealdeblleovertbecuneDI StIIiO 
of Ibe Coamieskw)er 01 Pqramming 
pNi ...... perfect ...... 

Tbere -. wkboul queadoo. inbcRIaI 
...... willa Ibe woddoed IDd expecta-
tioN of Ibe AS. ptlii8illlltit - CSI»' 
cIaIly wbeaCOlllp.-cd to Ibe $40 per week 0-.""", 'lbiI .. been known by 
lilt A.S. for -'Y two y.rL In _die 
proIlIcmamelO UablfortbeCUi'i'COlCOUD-
cUM Ibe ead of .. y.'. when SIipeod 
La .: ..... di8CUSled IDII ulrimllely 
rejecIecL 

InlDcfforttofinally pttheA.S. co look 
no die IbuctuJe oflbe proaia .. ming ~ 
sition.c:unmtCGnmissiontrofProgram-
ming Maabew ScbDura'submiaedaleuer 
011 Oct. 2,II!IIianing fJOm the position "as 
it iacuneady confiaured. "The Iettel'c:&IDD 
in conjuDclion with die proposal co raise 
his Itipend co $240 a wetL 

Tbecouncil first postpOIled the stipend 

It is stin eartJ in the year, yet 
cRady the A.S, has created an 

uphill batde for itself. A.S. 
~ are filled with circular 
arplentS, poor leadership and 

a lot of wasted time 

~ pcoposal. then voted it down one 
week Iller, all while sayin& dial the real 
solution lies in CftIIting an official pro-
pIII1IIIlna commiaee CO late 00 the re-
apoasibilitiea which now faU on the shoul-
ders of one person. 

In the lWo-and-a-haif weeks since 
Scbnurer submitted his letter, the A.s. hIL'I 
still oegIcctod to take any steps toward the 
rcsolvina propammina problem. A "Di-
rcctorofProgramming" proposal was sub-
miaedbyoneoouncilmernber,bultheRuJes 
Committee bas not yet met to consider iL 

While councilmembers complain that 
they do not like Scbnurer forcing the A.S. 
apinstthe wall on the programming issue, 
they cominue ID expect him to put in 50 or 
60 bouts each week to organize events 
which. as Schnllm' says, an: the only part 
of the A.S. that are visible to the students. 
But the councilmembers themselves can-
not seem to put any effort into rectifying 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

OPINION 5 

the problem of the commissioner posi-
tion. which his in many ways become • 
full-time job. 

However, the shoru:omingsofthe A.S. 
are not limited 10 this one situation. 

The issues which have been top priori-
ties for Ibe A.S. remain unchaoged. The 
Rccreaaional/lnrramural Athletic and 
Bvents Center (RIMAC) is on schedule, 
just as it was die day st!IdelllS narrowly 
approved it in a Sprinl 1990 referendum. 
But the TGs, lastI heard. have been chased 
by the moral convictions of certain 
adminsIrators out to a field, somewhere in 
tbc greater Montana area. 

This is not 10 say that the previous AS. 
council did not put great effort into issues 
such as RIMAC or abe TGs. The problem 
is with the ClIITmt A.S. leadership -
particularly. A.S. President Augstin 
Orozco ..:..- which hIL'I failed to pick up 
where last year's left off. 

Orozco does not exhibit the leadership 
qualities needed 10 guide such an incxpe-
riax:ed council as the one we have this 
year. Whengiventheopportunitiytospeak 
on the students' behalf, he continually 
chooses to remain silent. He does not 
appear to be well infonncd on the issues, 
and has demonstrated poor judgemenl. 

Forexample, Oroz.co flew to San Fran-
cisco to attend' the UC Regents' meeling 

See STUDENTS, Page 6 

Guardiads Heterosexism Evident in Commentary 
Editor: 

We congratulate the Gumdian for its at-
tempts in recent weeks to reetify the relent-
less heterosexism that has characterized the 
newspaper over the years. It is essential that 
queer news continues to appear regularly in 
all sections of the Guardian, and that queer 
voices become an integral componenl of the 
Guardian staff. 

We were thus particularly disappointed at 
the Gumdian's Oct. 10 coverage of the de-
bate around AB 10 I, the state bill that-had 
Petey Wilson not vetoed it - would have 
prohibited employment discriminalion 
against queers. One quick look at the article 
says il all: the ignorant and homophobic 
defence of Wilson is wrillen by the Opinion 
EditoroftheGuardian while the anti-Wilson 
authors are relegated to the status of "Con-
tributing Opinion Writers." 

What message are you conveying on be-
halfofand to UCSD students, and especially 
to queer students on this campus, when an 
explicit homophobe is given the institutional 
legitimacy of a Gumdian edilorial position, 
while queer voices are once again 
marginalized and tokenized, consigned 10 
the role of "guest" and "visitor"? 

Youalsobetrayedthequeerwriters by not 
telling them that their piece was to be juxta-
posed with a homophobic reply. How would 
a Jewish writer feel if she found out that her 
piece was being run alongside something by 
a Nazi in the interests of "free speech" and 
presenting .. the other side',? 

Your juxtaposition in itself is indicative 
of how little has really changed with regards 
CO Guordian homophobia. Would you have 
so routinely published a piece !hat argued 
that women andIorpeople of color should be 
denied basic human rights? Somehow you 
seem to think that it's stiD OK to openly 
auack the identities of queers, toquestion our 
right to e,uS!, and to condone discrimination 
against us. 

Worse still, you let your Opinion Editor 
preview the Queers' piece, and thus tailor his 

article to respond to it, while not giving said 
Queers the same opponunity to respond to 
his homophobia (presuming Ihat they wished 
to expend their energy doing so). 

We are not inlerested in continually be-
ing forced 10 defend our very existences. 
Weare not interested in debating something 
that we have long ago taken for granted. We 
do not want to wasle our time and energy 
teaching slraight people what they should 
have learned a long time ago. 

If straight people want to help other 
breeders deal with their homophobia, that's 
fine- that's their responsibility. Justdon't 
expect us to be always caretaking, fighting, 
teaching, cajoling hets. Your betrayal of the 
queer wrilers makes many of us even more 
wary of cooperating with the Guardian in 
the future; whatever we do seems to get 
appropriated, co-opted and twisted to suit 
the Guardian's helerosexual ruling class. 
Perhaps from now on we should use our 
energies more productively, and write only 
for queer publications? 

And what's with the stupid graphic ac-
companying the "Out of the Closet, Into the 
Lawbooks" article? Why don ' t you take a 
couple of pictures of some "real" lesbians 
nexl time,oris the prospect of having to deal 
with real life queers more than you can 
handle? 

Chandan Reddy 
Ian Barnard 
Daniel Calvi 

Queer NationlUCSD 
Editor's Note: Opinions expressed in com-
fMnlaries written by Guardian staff mem-

bers - including the editors - are solely 
those of the writer's and do not necessarily 
represent the opinions of the rest of the 
Guardian staff, Mr should they be construed 
to refleclthe "institutional legitimacy of the 
Guardian editorial position." For clarifica-
tion, editorials are unsigned articles repre-
senting the majority opinion of the Guardian 
editorial board, which appear 011 Mondays 
on the left hand side of page four. 

ThursdoyOpinionsections-calied "Fir 
cus Sec lions" - typically examine alld 
present the "pro" and "con" ofoneparticu-
lar subject each week. Focus sections pro-
vide a forum for debate on various Topics. 

Writers who are not "stajJwriters" (that 
is. those who have not had at least three 
articles published ill the Guardian) or who 
are unaffiliated with rheGuardianare called 
"contributing writers." 

The Opinioll Editor did Mt tailor his 
article to respond to the arguments made by 
Calvi andReddy in their commentary ("Velo 
of AB 10 I Will Force Many Gays to Stay in 
theaoset.. . ,"Oct. 10). There is virtually 110 
correlation between the points made by Calvi 
and Reddy and those made by 'he Opinion 
Editor. 

The UCSD Guardiall welcomes your 
letters and commentaries. Drop your 
letter at the Guardiall offices (on the 
second floor of the old Student Center, 
above the General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion &lilor 
Guardian 

9500Qilman Dr. 0316 
LaJolla,CA 92092-0316 

Letters should be typed. double-spaced 
and must include a signature and a 
phone number. Unsigned letters will 
not be printed. Letter writers will be 
contaCled to verify their identities. We 
restIVe the right to edit for length and 
clarity. 



6 OPINION 

CHAMPIONSHIPS 
Saturday & Sunday 
October 26 & 27 
8.o-7pa (boda daya) 
MI* a: ~ Com1a, U~D 

Men. a: w.."...,'. Open 
Mm. h ... I11.,. ... t.e sup. 
Open to aD. UCSD "'....., .. , 
r.cuJ&y 4: .. ,.....; 

Fee - one new can oItnri. .... 
(WilBon or PSID) 
Sisn up ....... by 'I1Jur.Iay9 Oet. 24., Spa 
at ~9 U~D Rea:eaIion 
A.dminaaraIive omee. 
For IDOl'e inronuaIiou 

~534-4037 

'I1Ic UCSD G ...... 

STUDENTS 
Ca II ..... ,.... 
on Sept. 19. in which the f'undiaa 
pial forRIMAC WIIlpploved. Yel 
he WII COIIIenI 10 sit Ind w.m 
GmduIIeSludr:ntAuociICionPlai-
deal Denise Fenton read aleaer fA 
ItUdenI pievances IIId, in f.a, 
turned down the chlnce to eddreaa 
the repnII penona1Jy. 

ReprdinaTGs, 0r0l.C0 IqXII1ed 
to the AS. Council on Oct. 9II1II he 
Md Vice Plaidenl AdministrMive 
Mike Holmes "have come up willi a 
propoal, thai will be prclCllIed 10 
you next wedc" and that it "loots 
like we were beallhere fora second, 
but we're doing all right now ... 
with this new proposal we have." 
As it turned out, Orozco never pre-
sented Illy proposal to administra-
tors when meeting with them on the 
location fA TGs. 

Last May ,Orozcoand VicePresi-
dent External Siamak Malek went 

fO as. Dieto Qy CouociJ meeI-
ina 10",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
..... forlO-allledlllillMlDrml, bill 
inItad ended up -ina before the 
council even dj., .... the iIaIe. 

In his weekly repor1IlO the AS. 
couacil, Oroz.co COIIIiIIIndy r.iJa to 
expIUI details of issues ... he is 
'"woItiDa on." in tum -villa his 
c:ounciJmembers ...cI IIUdenII .-
tendiaa the meetinp in the dIuL 

PahIpI 0r02lc0 bimlelf is not 
Ideq .... y informed. Indeed, just 
before aoina fOb Sept 19 regem' 
meecina on die funding plan for 
RIMAC, Orozco said thai die Fe-
genu would be votina 10 ..,.,rove 
the .rtructural plan for RIMAC. 

Fmally, in appoilting a repre-
seotalive to the University of Cali-
fomiaStudent Associalion (UCSA), 
a studed lobby group. Oroz.co bla-
tantly chose a former runningmIte 
over two betterqualifiedcandidates 
Upon the council's rejection of his 
appointee, he then Il8I11ed former 

Monctar, 0cIDber 1, 1991 

A.S. PIaicIem Jom EdIon as the 
inIerim repraealllllive. 

While Orozx:o allowed EdIon, 
who WII leCCI1dy elected UCSA 
Vice Plaidenl.1O work a the A.S. 
over the aurnmer .... intothelChool 
year. he dr8ged his feet in offi-
ciaIlyappointina Edson until Octo-
ber9. 

To be sure, there Ire members of 
the A.s. who are genuinely doing a 
good job - Holmes, for eumple. 
But the rest of the council is making 
the jobI of these people thai much 
more diflicula by their having to 
pick up the sIa:k. 

It is still early in the year, yet 
already the A.S. has cteIIed an u~ 
hill baltIe a itself. A.S. meetings 
are filled with circular 8I'JUlTlCIlts, 
poor leadership and a lot of wasted 
time. 

It's time for A.S. members to 
take a step back, rederme their goals 
and realize that the students deserve 
better representation. 

A Message to the Campus "Left": 
The GlllU'liill" is looking fOr a regu1ac (bi·weekly) 
columnist with a liberal/progn:ssi~ pmpecti~. 
Do you haY( what it takt:5 to articulatt your position 
clearly and intdligendy? Send your application - a 
cover letter and sample commcnt2r'ics (resume 
optional) - m: 

Ben Boychuk, Opinion Editor 
11K UCSD GUIIN/iII" 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92092-0316 

Or drop it off at the G III.,.,till" offices on the second 
floor of the old student center, above the General 
Store Co-op. 
Any questions? Call 534-6582 and ask for Ben. 
Thanks, and good luck. 

BEING-FIT® 
NO INITIATION FEE 

Financing Your Education 
Can Be A Balancing Art .. 

At only $20 8 month with no 
contract, you can't get 8 

better bargaIn. 
Exp. 111'-'81 

• AEROBICS • LIFECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • AEEBOK STEPS 
• ST AlRMASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAUTILUS • PERSONAlINSTRUCTlON 

• 4 IIL£S FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Ciliremont Squ .... ShoppIng Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind Pat's Sport) 
483·9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

DON'T WAIT UNTIL GRADUATION 
TO BEGIN YOUR CAREER! 

INTERNSHIPS IN WASHINGTON D.C. 
AND NEW YORK 

AS INTERNSHIP OFFICE presents: 
NATIONAL INFO NIGHT 

11Iu......" October 24, 7 ... p .... 
PrIce Center, .. I...., A 

Find out about Internships available in your field of study 

CABLE NEWS NETWORK 
U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT 

CENTRAL INTEllIGENCE AGENCY 
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND 

TaIkToUs 
AhoutA 
Student 
Loan! 

• Fast • Local 
We dare cther lenders to beat ~ 
If you need special help, we aren't a 
vague voice in New York or Sacramento. 
We're here and we help. VISit our nearby branches 
in Sorreruo Mesa at 5785 Oberlin Drive. Suite 109, 
and in Pacific Beach at 4440 Ingraham SIreet 

Free Credit Union Membership! 
We'U waive yoor membership fee and yoo'n enpy 
outstanding finandaI seMces from any 
(j 22 counl}Wide brmch locations. 1'._ 

Call US for IOOre info about SWbcI, SI.S, OJ' Pl.US at 

546-2063 
or ask your FInancial Aid Department 

L' Misim Federal Crd UniJn 
_1I4E Illl£AIIIJIW. CIMIUIIY. 

'The Student Loan Store' OAK RIDGE NATIONAL LABORATORY 
METROPOUT AN MUSEUM OF ART 

WOODS HOLE OCEANOGRAPHIC INSTITUTE 
ENSERCH ENGINEERING 

For more Info, contact AIIO at 114 4 I •• 
- F«denI ill $491 ....,., <ftdi union which ... -=-I ft ~ __ d s.n DIqO GouNy for 

1IlOO< Ilion • ....-<cMrf. -. .....", rondIIions, and ....t<e IlJIltm to dIqr. AI ... ~ 10 mdIt oppowal 

or vialt our office at the PrIce Center, 3rd Door, Room 3.303 

Monday, Ocmbcr 21, 1991 

w. POLO 
ConIII ued ..... ,...18 
4-4. 

Greg Goodrich led UCSD with 
two aoaJs. J8IOII "Tw1Je" Brown 
and Gary Seelhorsa each added one. 

Despite the promisin, score, the 
game was tied only in numbers. 
Below the surface. UCSD was start-
ing to come unraveled. UCI was 
cltarlyon the rebound. as evidenced 
by its second q~r perfonnance 
whrn the AnteaIers outscored the 
Tritons 3-2. 

"They are monsters on defense," 
said UCSD Head Coach Denny 
Harper, shKina his bead. The AnI-
ealer defense had no qualms about 
physical contact. As a general rule, 
each time UCSD brought the ball 
down, it was fouled two or three 
times. 

"We came into the game expect-
ing the rough play," Harper said 
"What we didn't expect was their 
fast-offense play which simply wore 
us down. .. 

The Anteaters caught UCSD 
napping several times to open the 
second half, passing back to the 
goalie, who would then throw the 
ball the length of the pool and over 
the Triton defenders. UCSD was 
then forced to scramble backwards 
in a mad rush. 

Even iftheAnteatersdidn 't score, 
the Tritons were winded from their 
continual treks up and down the 
pool. Harper defended his players: 
"I challenge anybody to find a bet-
ter-conditioned athlete at UCSD," 
he said in his usual brash manner. 
"We lost our edge and momentum 
as we lost our stamina, though." 

Nowhere was this more evident 

George Hegarty looks for an open 
man yesterday against UC Irvine. 
tIwl in the second half, when things 
went downhiU. Fast 

The Triton defense quickly be-
came a victim to the Anteaters' pa-
rameler offense. Unlike UCI, the 
Tritons were not as liberal with their 
fouling, allowing UCI to strike al-
most at will. 

On several plays, it looked like 
UCI was almost playing with the 
Triton defense, taJcjng its time and 
passing the ball at will and then 
converting on an almost perfect shot. 

UCSD rallied late in the founh 
quarter,led by Goodrich and Brown. 
Goodrich notched his third goal of 
the day with a nice loop shot from 
four meters out. 

The Tritons' final goal came in a 
man-up situation. After being fouled 
several times while in the hole, 
Brown finally managed to slip one 
into the net from two meters out 
with a blind shot before the crush of 
the Anteaterdefense blew him back. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Smart move, considering how 
quickly the Anteater defense came 
crashing down. There would have 
been no goal, if he had bothered to 
aim his shot. 

The Tritons came into the game 
heavy underdogs to the nation's 
third-ranked team. Still. Harper said 
that he never entertained the thought 
of losing. "Expect to lose? Never," 
insisted an irate Harper. "We come 
into every game expecting to win." 

"TIley might be number three in 
the nation, and everybody might 
say that it's a done game, but we're 
also playing at home," he said. "If 
we could have kept the first-half 
pace, this would be a done game for 
us," 

"I was really upset at the referee-
ing," Harper said. He voiced his 
sentiments frequently during the 
second half. "Down on our offen-
sive end, it looked like a goddamn 
rugby match." 

The Tritons' next game is against 
Olaminade - and, unlike the past 
couple of opponents, the Silver-
swords are not ranked above the 
Tritons. "We'll probably beat them 
much worse than UCI beat us," 
I-laJper said. A little revenge? 

"Yeah, I guess so," Harper ad-
mined. "But the guys are going to 
want to take the loss out on some-
one." 

After the game with Chaminade 
comes matches against highly-
ranked Cal and UCLA. Harper, how-
ever, is unwilling to write off the 
Tritons' chances. 

"Just being in the water with 
Berkeley is an honor," Harper said. 
"I expect the Bears to play theirbest, 
as we will. In fact, their ranking will 
make us (all the more] hungry." 

UCSD SPECIALS 
• !TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

inor Tune Up Special $35 *(reg. $55) 
I. Sport plugs QJr fun6 up inOOdes , blmors than 0Ihri1S. N i1dudt/s: 
2. IlisIribuior poms 6. Clean & replenish aI fluid & oil levels 10. Check ..-.dercaniage lor danages 
3. ~ 7. ChedI briNs 11. C/led( cooing system & hoses 

Ud~lSI1iming 8. Check dutch 12. Road lest 
5. ~ dwelllI1gIe 9. ChedI hghts 

,~~oint M!ip.!.~",~~~~eCial ,,~~~· 
2. VaM aqustmen! 11. Aqust timing 21. Checi<& replenish all 28. Check ~ recharge 

Replace: 12. Aqust dwell angle fluid <IlCf 011 levels baa8l)'. " necessary 
3. ViJ.,e CCVfK gasket 13. Aqust ca/bur8lOr 22. Ched( eIetricaI system 29. Rota18 tires (d needed) 
4. Spn plugs 14. AqusI--.g bol 23. Ched( for loose or lost 30. Check tite pressure 
5. DiIItriIIL£w poonts 15. Aqusair & fuel ratio mil bolts 31 . l.ube door hinges 
8. Condensers. 16. AI:Pt cII*:h 24. Cheddral<es 32. Check all ~ 
7. Air .. , 17. AI:Pt brlll<8s 25. ChedI du1c:h 33. Check cooing system & 
I . Oil... 18. AI:Pt emergency bral<es 26. Ched( Ii;IIS holes 
t . GIl,.. and 19. Check & adjusI exposed 27. ChedllMarcarriage for 301. Check uhIusl system 
10. Engine oi bells dIwnages 35. AoId test 

20. lube front and 

-:~~C;;piet;'CI~t~'hj;; $169 * 
MIl,.,... 

1. Tr ••• liwiuil i1U ..... till (1lIIIIIII 4. '"'-' IIIImg NaIl: I¥R* 1*11" not __ 
HandII 5. PlalIIIIIiIgI NaIlor 4Wtl. fnInI ..... Itive I>drI. 

2. "'-n pIIII 8. NM ...... , oil • 
3. CUdi die 7. RoId ... 

SPORTS 7 

-- ----------.-~~ --I I J:,. ~ 1# Ca~ C[]py'+ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO '& COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

I 3211 HolUIIIy a. (..en 10 Do_flO'S PIzza) • 45l-9949 
F_pm·,ll 21 91 

M r 8 ' 30 6 P "' "',Ih <leSD ID S •• I 1·4 pm· 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
6;, Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587,4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH e 

WERECVCLE 
OURWAT£A 

z:.® 
-4r-UCSD 

~ L. Jol'_ Vlil_,_ Dr. lITC ~ II I I ~'" Dr. J 
" OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHEll SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------! . Full Service 3 99 

: ~?~6~ f~~ Y!~§t! ,..." 
I C 4,R WASil Neil VIId"'1IIY '** aI«. SAVE $4.01 I I EllpirM11121191 • 

------------------------

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY 
Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $a») 

FrDrI QI".1hIII jtIII""'" 

, B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 
, UMITED 

, VICTORIA SECRET 
,TWEEDS 

,EXPRESS 
.8. MORE! 

1. NIIIIjIICIIII_ pilla !If inIIII,.1nM .... 5 ............ .,...,. 
2.1lItin old .... us I. AII;III1nInI (I dVnI) _,. .... 
3 .... QIIIIIIIIIII..,...,..,. 7. AIpIa InInI '* .... " '*"'" 
4. WlllrdrUCtii .. AoId ... 
_:..,....pMa ..... ...., 

.,... ... ,.,.."Aek ...... _ ..... 1 ...... ,... .......... '. 
AI_ ........ a.,..- .......... ?biII "'lilly, 

AI ,.,... hI.hllIl ... .-II? ,.., 

OYIissea5 (':a~ramar Ad .••• 1990 
Ask .... RIps'. r:.-:'=.!!~.t1. 
•••••••• TIIIIing n .... CIr 1VIItttbII. "'odIyc:'_, 7:30 am.f pm ........... .., 

8250 camino Santa Fe (just down the road) 
Go east on La Jolla Village Drive, 4lighls past Hwy. 805,.left on Camino Santa Fe 

OPEN: Wed.-Sat. 11 am-? pm • Sun. 12-5 pm 
45().3323 

We accept VISA, MASTERCARD, & AMERICAN EXPRESS 

~ .UP:\REl DESIG\ER ZO\E 



8 OPINION 

UCSD NIGHT 
IS BACKI 

WEDNESDAY NIGHTS 

Sun..1hun. 
11 .... 12 pili 

Fri.·Sat. 
11 .... 2 ... 

DARE TO BE H~rsI 
..... A~atS~ 

Hair Coloring & 
Perms From 

. $40. 

• Lunch 
.Di.. 
'0yIIw" 
• 21/ ...... 1D 

CHULA VISTA: 
283 Third Ave. 
425-CUTS 
SDSU: 
Aztec Centel.lower level 
582-CUTS 
PACIFIC BEACH: 
1447 Garnet Ave. 
273-CUTS 
OCEAN BEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave . 
222-3777 
HILLCREST: 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

lbc UCSD Guudial 

L a J 0 I I a , s 
BEST KEPf SECRET! 

Come by for brealffIJSt or macbl 

" OverlookIng Torrey Pines Golf Course 
and the Pacific Ocean 

" Beautiful outdoor dining 
" A wide variety of nutritious yet tasty cuisine 
" AII-you-catHlt salad bar 

Cbokes located within the 
Shiley Sports and Health Center 
of Scripps Clinic 
10820 North Torrey Pines Road 

HOURS OF OP£AATlON 
lion.· TIuI. 7:311 .. 7 pi! 

r··--·····--------
I EnIoryour 
: 10% student discount 
I ".UCSOLO. 
._---_ .... ---_ ... -

Cau554-FOOD 

Monday, 0cIDber 7, 1991 

ECONOMICS 
Cua6 ............. 1 
PJOressor Tries To SeD Oau New 
Sex Toy." Bur beause 11lOIII newspa-
pers diapd _world infomWioh, 
economica,.. f wsgennllydonot 
read them. 

However. 111m)' etUDI1ic:s ~ 
fes&on wall the IeIevision news ~ 
gnn" A CwRrl Affair," Web", 
pencd to be wheIe the "Ecommics 
Professor of SIcazy Sex" seory wa. 
brotal, ... the news f# the sex k))' 
caUedthe W ... lastbcameknown 
10 them. 

AftIer hearing the way the tnvel'-
sity had fired the pofdlliOi who had 
used a 5CJI1Oy III .. ~ during 
Iccture, ... how he was laleraa.:ked 
by a mob f# piOb1UiO~ who cftssed 
him up in bIa:k 1ingerie IRI threw tar 
lD1fealhersallow:rhim.)lI'Ofmsorsof 
eanomicsknewdwttheycouldnever 
use the wid&et 10 explain economic 
pm:ipIes apin. 

For this reasm. universities across 
the counrry called oUCIgeoa:y SIaff 
rneetinss ~ for all those involved 
in CICOIlotl1ics. FrtdIy cIoIId III 3 

AI one of the more pRStigious 
uni~theeooilDll1icsdeparbllelll 
decided to bring in a psydIoIogist for 

r--------------------, group COUI\'IeIing after their depaIt-
mentchairhadsuffa'edanlClUlbreak-

VONS PHARMACY 
Special Discount 

For UCSD Students 
on All Prescriptions 

• $2 Off prescription price with ucso 10 I 
• Fast service 
• Insuronce billing '0:: ~ .~7~a~ Ie 
• Grocery $hop while your prescription 

is being Ailed 
• Offer expires January 1, 1992 

VDNS. 
7788 REGENTS ROAD 

455-6340 

down. 
Evidently, III the depar1ment chair 

opened theenlClgeoa:y mcding with a 
fnr1tic speech. he began to scmn: 
"We can 't use the Wldget.-.ymore ... 
wc're going 10 have to t:aIIc abod real 
SlUff ... real figw-es. -=auaI consumer 
preferences, real products ... r~aJ 
stufIl" Afu:r sending the other pr0fes-
sors !oro a stale of sheer panic, the 
.11 .1CI1l chair fell do a caIIklnic 
stale, only occasionally IIIlIl1a'ing the 
WOlds "real stuff." 

SimilIw events took place atinany 
other Wlivasitics.1RI the profmsors' 
fears of using IRI tra:hing CICOIonic 
pincipieswitlua:tualfiguralRlprod-
ucts cane aue. 

Some economists simply reaIimf 
thai they dido't undcrstandactual, real 
woc1d CICOIIOI1lics. Others fotnI thai 
theewnomicprinciples theyhadbeCII 
tea:hing, When put in tenmofthe real 
world, always te.I to answers thai 

~obviousIy wrong. 
Without 1he use of the widget .. 

their disposal as .. imaginary pr0d.-
uct, the pofessOl'S ofcconomics ~ 
OOIlip1dc1y .. a loss. For this reason, 

L..--__________________ --J iTaI)' professors of coonomics left 

Call now for your FREE Diagnostic test 
and consultation: 
587-8600 
86JO~,.,_ A"," $." 118" Costa V".d~ Sltoppiltl Cntln 

their field of study. and moved into 
socio1ogy (8 Slepaboveeconomics, to 
be sure. buI iTaI)' of the pm(essors 
~ able to adjust 10 the new IcveI of 
difIicuIty). Others siqJly left the edu-
catiormI profession ahoged1er. 

With no one to leaCh economics, 
the number of economists in the 
woMm:e gready decmwcd 

Shcx1Iy after this decline, the sta/Ie 
of the economy bcame healthier and 
its upwW climb hili yet to falter. 

~ FREE PHILIP AGEE LECTURE 

1B~iuGIl1'8, 
Btl A)lBBlCAN ~oC,"cY 
·ClAOfrlcer.I957· 1968 
• Fi ...... 10 JII public 
• AIIIhor or )mjdc !he Company: CiA 
DiIa IIId odIer boob 
• EIdIed flOll1lhe u.s. (or 16 years 
• 0iIic IIId Klivist against CIA suppon 
of _ poIiIicaIlSSMinations. death 
IqIIIds. IIId omthrow of delllllCratic 
JIImnments -.dIlle world 

..... , E.7 ..... 117 
For directions call 534-3362 

~'" CWII. UEO .... ASUCSO 

Monday, October 11,1991 

W.SOCCER 
ConIInued fnIm .... 18 
to Ibis game ever since thai game in 
San Bernardino tine weeks ago. 
"We didn't play weU last time. 10 
we ~ real fU'Cd up for !his one. 
We wanted to win !his one real 
bIdIy," said senior forward Karin 
Lindsay. 

The game swted out with both 
teams baltlina for conttoI of the 
contest. The opcnina few minutes 
setthetoncfortherough-and-ttmble 
game, with Lindsay nearly &etting 
intoashovingmarchwithCSUSB's 
Beclty Peterson. 

The main obstacle for the Tri-
tons, however, was CSUSB de-
fender Alicia Scott. She must have 
thought she was in a fOOlbaU game, 
tackling anything that came near 
her. ''These kind of games arc no 
fun for forwards because as soon as 
you go two steps, you get taken 
down." Lindsay said. 

UCSD was able to pcnettate the 
Coyote defense just 13:49 into the 
first half. A comer kick by Kalyn 
Shea was knocked down by a Coy-
otedefcndcr.1t bounced off acouple 
moreCoyoles beforerollingout five 
yards to a waiting Kary DuIock. 
Dulock lofted the ball over the 
goalkeeper's head and the Tritons 
were up I ~ on the unassisted goal. 

The back-and-forth play contin-

X.cOUNTRY 
COntInued ......... 18 
they do. And while team depth has 
been a blessing at times - such as 
this meet, where it helped oven:ome 
the sweltering heat - it could also 
pose a problem for Head Coach 
Mart Stanforth, when the confer-
cncefinalslDlregionals roll around. 

"We haven't been real consis-
tent except for Jeff Hernandez who 
has finished in the top two or three 
every meet. Part of the reason is that 
they're all so c10ae together (in their 
times]. We're IooIting for some con-
sistcncy to cfflerge soon." he said. 
According to Stanforth, the men 
cwrently have II runners jockey-
ing for what could eventually be 

SCORE 
ContInued .......... 18 

With Cal's loss, I expected it to 
make a big drop in the polls - a 
drop to 15th or so. After all. North 
Carolina State remained undefeated 
on Saturday. even though it had to 
come from behind to beat Marshall, 
a Division I-AA team. Given that 
eastern teams with easy schedules 
arc usually listed higher in polls 
than good western teams playing 
the tough Pac-IO schedule. I ex-
pected N.C. State and other 
pantywaists to zip past C!lI faster 
than George Foreman zips to the 
dinner table after a fight. 

It didn't happen. Cal dropped 
tine places, and remains in the top 
10- right at the very bottom. but a 
top 10 team nonetheless. Applause 
all around for those who vote in the 
AP football poll 

The growing recognition of Cal 
as a good football team is causing 

M.SOCCER 
ContInued fnIm .... 18 
into the match, when Ouis Romey 
scored his sixth goal of the year off 
an assist from forward Mike Alberts. 
Romey is second on the team in 
goals to Alhens, who has nine. The 
score stayed I ~ throuah the early 
stap of the second half. 

Roughly I~rninutesintothescc-

• .. 

Cindy Eddy battles 8 Coyote de-
fender Saturday In the Tritons' win. 

ucd for the rest of the half. but the 
Tritons maintained a defmite ad-
vantage by keeping the Coyotes 
pinned back. 

The scoond half opened much 
the same as the first - with the 
Tritons' dictating the tempo. Then. 
with eight minutes goneby,CSUSB 
mounted its first real scoring threat. 
A comer kick. from the left side 
rattled around in front of the Triton 
goal just long enough to get the 
UCSD's collective hean pounding. 
But the ball was knocked out of 
bounds, and the lead was preserved. 

Following a second comer kick, 
the Tritons immediately shifted inlo 

seven spots at regionals. 
"We can run 10 at conference 

finals and seven at regionals. It's 
gonna be hard (to cut the team 
down]." he said. 

"I guess you pick yourbest seven 
and hope you picked right," he 
added, laughing. 

The women's team docsn 't have 
the luxury of the men's dcpth-and 
it showed Saturday. "It was hot-
CJttmncly hot by the timethewomen 
ran, " Stanforth said. Asked whether 
he thought the heal had an effect, 
Stanforth noted rather philosophi-
cally, "It should affect everyone 
equally." 

Karen Hinkle ran well, placing 
12th individually and 10th among 
runners qualifying for team results 

certain unsavory (for Stanford fans. 
that is) images to pop up to the 
coUectiveconsciou5nessoffootball 
fans everywhere. I heard at least two 
references to "11le Play" - where 
Cal defeated Stanford by returning 
a kickoff with a dozen laterals, 
through the Stanford band - this 
weekend. No doubt Stanford fans 
arc out there screaming "Enough 
already!" I'll admit that I'm getting 
a bit tired of hearing about The Play 
too. 

The reason The Play doesn't al-
ways sit well with me is because I 
remember listening to it on the ra-
dio. in my bedroom This means 
that I heard one of the most astound-
ing football plays of all time being 
recounted to me by Cal's awful ra-
dio announcer, Joe Staltey. 

And Staltey, believe it or not, 
brings this whole seriesofdemented 
ramblings full circle. You sec, my 
information about Cal's place in the 
AP poll has been provided to me 

ond half, forward Chris Hanssen 
extended the Triton lead, taking a 
pass from Marc Schnapperand send-
ing a shotpastC1aremont goaltender 
Tyler Snow. Snow had seven saves 
in the game, but still came up on the 
short end of the scoreboard. The 
goal was Hanssen's founh of the 
year. 

Seven minutes - and a UCSD 
pie change - later, defender 

The UCSD Guan:Iian 

attack mode and brought the ball 
downthe length of the field. Heather 
Sears ended up with it on the right 
side with two defenders 10 beat. 
Afu:rbeating the first defendcr. Sears 
crossed the ball to Cberyl Parker 
who beat the goalie with a sensa-
tional, diving header. ThaI was all 
the scoring UCSD would need. 

"ThaI was a great goal by 
Cheryl," Head Coach Brian 
McManus said. "And it came at the 
right time. We had staned to lose 
some aggressiveness and the score 
put us back in it." 

"We dominated the game today. 
It was what I expected just because 
we were so fired up." Katy Dulock 
said of the win. 

Katie Larkin agreed with her 
teammate. "We were oullo win, we 

~so pumpedupafterthePomona 
game (a 3~ win). We knew what 
they were like. so we expected a 
physical game." 

"San Bernardino is always physi-
cal. so we were expecting to play 
hard," Sally Weigand said. "We 
were just determined nol to lose on 
our home field" 

McManus was not surprised by 
the Coyotes physical game plan. "It 
was really a scrappy, battling win. 
We knew they would try to knock us 
off our stride. Just as long as we kept 
attacking. we were playingourgame 
and not theirs." 

in a time of 19:20.7. But it was abig 
drop-off to the next Triton. Erin 
Adams, who finished 33rd wnong 
team results with a time of 20: 16.7. 
She was followed by Viviana Reza 
(36th. 20:19.2). Katie Jamieson 
(37th, 20:22.7) and Karen Longyear 
(49th, 21 :20.7). 

Stanforth said that he thought the 
Tritons did all right, but noted that 
neithe.r the men nor the women ran 
as well as they could have. and that 
the men prevailed primarily on the 
strength of their depth. 

"For some reason, we seem to be 
flat at this meet. Last year, I thought 
it was because we had back-to-back 
meets (with Stanford], but this year 
we had a week in between," he said. 
"Maybe it's the six-hour drive." 

every Sunday morning by a friend 
of mine who works at KRON-TV. 
the NBC afflliate in San Francisco. 
yesterday 'snot-as-bad-as-I-thought 
news prompted us to- talk about 
memories of the "old Cal," the team 
that would have lost 54-0 to W ash-
ington. 

Inevitably, we talked about The 
Play. It's ironic. we both agreed, 
that The Play will always be tied to 
Starkey's radio call of that play. 
Then one of my friend' s co-worXers 
chimed in from the background: 

"Joe Star1.ey ... is to broadcast-
ing," the TV spons guy said, "what 
Kool-Aid was to Jonestown." 

Now Cal is to fOOlball what Matt 
Schnurer is to UCSD. They've both 
done a good job. they're both enter-
!aining to watch, and they both gave 
it theirbest shot ... but, when it came 
down to the Washington Huskies 
and the Associated Students. they 
were both doomed to failure in the 
end. 

Mike Gerhardt added an insurance 
goal off an assist from midfielder 
Brian Bradbury. It was Gerhardt's 
fourth goal of the year. 

UCSDoutshot the Stags 16-9. as 
goalkeepers Michael Madden and 
Jed Britzeol1off combined to record 
the Tritons' eighth shutout in 14 
games. 

UCSD now leads the overall se-
ries between the two teams at 9-4-1. 

SPORTS 9 

--='UCSD--
FLOWER BASKET 
_~~E,R~~Y* 

"Ww.... . 120 minimum pun:hue • wilhin 6 mil. radi ... or CIImp ... 
Exp. 11/4111 
Not'l1llidwith 
... , ............. 

as always, 10% oW, when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

45I-S545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-S pm 

N.. _____________________ "--________ __ 

~----------------------------------
--.. ~I4~VR 

~.,...... u,.a -...-.. .W_1IOIIo 5aoHt 
l.-A.pIoo, CA. _s • "-- (II J) JJ~'S4' 

-_· ........ - .......... - ....... _,,_ .. ClIIItIot 

During the last few years, the cost of education 
has risen SO much that even Inflation couldn't 
keep up with It. National Student Funding was 
created to help bridge that gap. We know that 
students need help today, whether It is money for 
tuition, living expences, room and board, or even 
just to pay for books, and we can help. Don't put 
off today, what you will need tomorrow. Call our 
800 number now and you will receive from us 
more Information and application procedures 
to acquire from our data base the best scholar-
ship for you and your needs. Call now for more 
Information' 

1-800-937-1900 ext. 1191 
Information and application packet 24 hrs. 7 days 

NATIONAL 
STUDENT 
FUNDING 

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERYlCE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(,t 10) .)_ .. II"') .. IJ _, f)- f)_ 
Mon.-Fri . 7 a.m.-5:30 p .m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

We .. aatI re,,_ .. !.' 
KMtlaII 1 ... _ .. 

te_rrll-..en 

--------------------IOtro OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except motor and tranlllliuion overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

- ..... 



10 The VCSD Guardian Monday, October 11, 1991 

Get an edge on two million graduates ... 

With the 

WIZARD" 
Electronic Organizer 

In 1992 over two million college students will graduate and begin 
competing in the job markeL Education in the 90'5 is more 
specialized, technical and competitive than any time in history. 
SHARP offers you the organizational system to help you get an edge in 
today's complicated educat ional environment, and tomorrow's job 
market. 

The Wizard OZ-8000 gives you the power to keep organized with 
eleven built-in funct~ons to easily store, retrieve and sort data like 
class schedules, exam dates and times, phone numbers, lists and 
much more. 

The Wizard OZ-8000 makes it easy to exchange data. With the 
optional Organizer-Link and cable you can load files from your PC or 
Macintosh"''' into your Wizard, or download class notes from your 
Wizard to your computer. 

·Ofg801zer link 11 for MaCIntosh- availabl~ 12191 

SHARR 
FROM SHARP MINDS 

COME SHARP PRODUCTS'"' 

More Wizardry with Optional Software Cards 
Applications with students in mind. 

3-DimensionaI Spreadsheet Manager -oz..-o, 
Create Lotus 1·2·3 file rompatible spread'heets on your Wizard 
or downlOdd a spreadsheet created on your Pc. You can store 
up to 64K of 'preadsheets. 3-Dimensional spread heet·linking 
gives you more fleXIbility than many PC·spread heet packages. 
Other features onelude: 10 bUIlt-in templates. over 50 math ami 
fonanclal fun hons. rhng. formalling. sellong hiles. and much 
more. Use any of the optional PC·Link cables for transfers to 
and from the PC. 

ScientifIC Computer (BASIC) - OZ-8803 
Perform higher level mathematics cakulations and write BASIC 
programs on your Wizard! The built·in BASIC language allows 
you to cus lomize the Wizard's touch pad . Simply place a 
sticker with custom keys drawn on il and you can crtate your 
own IC·Card! Program in your own formulas using the 
Algebraic Expression Reserve mode. Performs single and tw~ 
variable statistics calculations as well as line;H regresSions. 
This end comes with its own 32K of memory. 

00n C.mpu, Product,om. All Rights R ... Nod. 338.9.91 

Available at 

Money Planner-OZ-705A 
Tum you r Wizard into a powerful and easy to use financial 
calculator! ow you can perform almost any financial 
computation - from loans and inrerest rates to depreciation and 
sta tIstical analysis. You can even program in your own 
equations! A flexible entry system and built-in' help screens 
make this card simple to use. Nter any calculation. you can 
' what if" by changing one value and watching il affect the others. 
A Lithium haltery protects formulas and calculated da~. 

I J( • 'WI I 
I I I !, 

534-4320 
M-F ' :00-6:00 
Sat 10:00-5:00 

W.V-8AI.L 
CGIIIInued .......... 11 

1be story was much the same in 
the second game widt the Tritons 
&pin hoIdins off alate surae by the 
Toros. 

In the third game, CSUDHcame 
OUI with a vengeance. 1be Toros 
bIttIcd their way 10 a game poinl at 
14-13, bUI Head Coach Doug 
Dannevik, as he has been known 10 
do, tinkered with the lineup and 
broughr in hard-hining SlacieSasaki 
who iced !he win for !he Trilons 
with a couple of kills. 

"Stacie's role is 10 come in and 

makesomedUnghippen. "Demevik 
said after !he game. 

Sasaki came Ihrouah in theclutch 
all nigh!, maltinl aood on seven of 
II kill opportunities for a ,636 per-
cenrage. 

Liz Vesanovic led the Tritons 
wilh I7 kills and IO dip. Setter 
Julie Fabian had IIIOCher outsI.Md-
inl game with 3S assists and nine 
digs. E1izabed1 Tan added seven 
blocks. 

The usually verbose Dannevik 
soundcdl'lllherboredafterlhe maJCh. 
"Wearefundamentallysound,"was 
his I1lOSI stanling starement. 

With only four games left before 

The UCSD Guardian 

regionals, Dannevik definitely has 
his sighls set on the NCAA Divi-
sion m lournament. 

"Everything we'll do will be in 
preparation for nationals," he said. 

According to Dannevik. the Tri-
tons will need to focus on two areas 
in prqwation for !he tournament. 

"We need to be able to side-out 
well," he said. 

Another key will be !he play of 
Fabian. "Therearecenaindecisions 
that Julie Fabian needs 10 make -
who 10 sel, whal plays 10 run .. . she 
runs the offense," Dannevik said. 

1be win raised the Tritons' 
record 10 19-5 on the year. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MARINE CORPS OFFICER 
PROGRAMS CALL CAPTAIN BRANNON AT (619) 294-2174, 

SPORTS II 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

...... -....... ~-- Daily gas perm. hard Bro"" eyes 10 blue 
·Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses. 30 

Brands include B&L. Cooper. WJ, 
Paraperm, Boslon. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

S.rvlc • 
• Qu.Ut)' E)'.c.r • 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

Ii SUSPENSION . Brakes I ~ . Struts 
1_ Pl..US . Front Ends 
I~ SPECIAL TY CEN TERS • Alignments 

I
r -;O~R:;;H-;EZ-II co';'p;e;ed T - ~r: EO;;:; -

BRAKE Front End I Alignment I I I Alignment I Front Wheel I 
I SPECIAL I $249l w. I !~= I 
I $6995 I !...c:=:.~ I Bearings I I I Att:.':.t':":"":.,... I $4495 I 
I "''''' c... I ~ I I (T- ..... 0I1r.) (-II'I*II>I!lSMIs .... 

Replace ~on\ pads iWld ,ear _ _ _ _ _ _ ;... __ I 24-'TIHMMd Milt Wlfflllty L E>I*ts 11/01191 ~ _corso E.qJ/rIlI1/o119' J 
I IiniIg • Resurface ,oIOfS. I 011 Change Special Strut Package I dnIns. bleed & attJst system. _ 
LI Me\=~xra ! $995 LI c ... ur~=~.a..ls,ou5 I ______ lncWn:olkbe, ,,*,15.00b SuJl'l'fStrutsIC'lw~ Slst." I ~V_'.oo(_CIII' I Uf-.W.onoy I Front End I EIiI>orMItMI - cors' E.q>i'ts "_ I 
I Al 'lgnment ~-----.----- .. • Front Wheel Drive I Wonroe Performance I 
I $1495 I Service Special I Gas Shocks I 
I __ (ructlSlv .. llxrlj I $6995 I $1 095.""" I 
L ExphI"MI .J C.V._BooIRopiIcomtfi.2nd I _u.s. 3ror~cars. I 

- - - - - boot on s.amt tJle lQ orbl InstaftDon IYIIIaC6t 
L ""''''''. E.tpI-II"u.t1 l • SUspension lifts - - -~,-

• Body lifts & Iowerings available 
Miramar Auto Center 
6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 

558·8562 

Winston Square 
3112 Midway Dr. #0 

223·2248 

0" ~"::aay ,hings com'I!~~dmp"ff you .Iust call'f 
your dry cleaning. Pick up ·llve "a, .. " 
groceries. Do your banking. Your ..,. • a-j Q 
dieting. Your art framing . And I~ •• 
never move your car. ..,~ 

If you 're hungry for an.all-you-
can-eat treat, come to the Seu, 
.. e ....... Pick ........ '. with 
playland to keep everyone in the 
family happy. To sa tisfy your 
craving fur a good book, shop 
leek ... ,. Looking fur a good 
buy? til ••• '. w..rh .... will 
suit yuu fine. And all tht! comforts 
of hume, are waiting at PI_ 1 
.. ,.,. .. 

For all those everyday things 
that usually take 10 trips, lake a 
shortcut inst~ad . Easier living is 
right around the cornt.'r. 

At Costa Verde. 
Corner of Cen~see & 
La Jotla Village Driw. 
45R-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse a Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 



. , 

12 CLASSIPDIDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
TOM PETTY II carring to town 8tId 
you cannot mila .. Excellent ..... , 
cal Max .t 483-8387 NOW. (10114-
10121) 
MUSICALSII MADRIGALSII Check 
out the Vocal Music Society's 
organizIIIIonaI rne.tlng Wednelday, 
November 6 at 7 p.m. in the Los 
Angeles Room, 2nd floor, Price 
Cent8f. Call Dan How.t 488-7831 for 
more info. (10121 -11/4) 

MARTIAL ARTS FESTIVAL -
Saturday, Octobef 26, Main Gym. 
Join RecCIus & RecCkIb groups for 
an evening of pettonnances, demos 
and info. caU UCSD Recreation at 
534-4037 for more Info. (10121) 
Tri Delta Benefit AuctIon. October 23, 
11 :30-2:30. Price Center Plaza. Bid 
on items/services I (10121) 
PHIUP AGEE, top-nnklng ex-CIA 
agent to speak on George Bush's 
and CIA'sconnectiontoBCCI, Inslaw 
case, October Surprise and Gates 
nomination toCIA director, Thursday, 
October 24, 7 p.m., Solis Hall 107, 
Free. (10/21 -10124) 
INTERNSHIP APPLICATION 
DEADUNE for Winter Ouarter - San 
Diego - Friday, October 25, Great 
opportunities I ASiO. 534-4689. (101 
21) 
NOW HIRING advertising repre· 
sentatives at the Guardian 
newspaper. Great experience, fun and 
good pay, Call Michael, 534-3467. 
(10121-1111 1) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-46441 
226-1962, (9123-1215) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germains. 452-9949. (9123-614) 
Housesitting. 48-year·old woman, 
UCSD grad student. References, 
responsible, call Karen, 222-1038. 
(9/30-10/24) 
MEDICAL SCHOOL APPLICATION 
PHOTOS/PORTRAITS and more ... , 
Fast. inexpensive, professional. Call 
Adam, 566-1631. (10121 -10/24) 
WORD PROCESSING. Teachers and 
students. Theses, term papers, 
manuscripts, resumes. Laser printer. 
Call Caroline Starr, 224-3679. (1 on· 
10131) 

7!owers cf 9ifis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

S:m Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

F'- ",."." '*'*-

I 

The UCSD GuardiaD 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenls, The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; there/ore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person, Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316,lAJolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: StudentCenterA , topjloor. 

WORD PROCESSING, SI .5OIpage. 
Researchllerm papers, Iheses, 
resumes. Laser printer, Deliver Me-
W. Susan. 454-7669. (10114-10124) 
THE WORD PROFESSIONAL: 
Experienced. Word processing. 
Engineers/chemists - sklIIed with 
5cienIIfIc Word Processor. wnteIEdit: 
reports, manuscripts, resumes, 
dissertations. Laser Printer. 1521 
Summit Ave., Cardiff. FAX: 633-1624. 
VOICE: 753-59&4. (10110-11/4) 
TRANSLATIONS: French, German, 
Spanish. Italian. Certified. Prompt, 
proIessIonaIworkguaranteed.l.owest 
ratesl Contact Isabelle. Phone, 259-
7193; Fax, 259-6211 . (10117-10128) 
TYPINGIWORD PROCESSING. $41 
page. Academic manuscrip1s, theses, 
papers, others, Fastaocurate service. 
Free campus pickup. Isabelle: 259-
7193; FAX, 259-6211 . (10117-10128) 
PIANO LESSONS - Experienced, 
supportive teacher near campus. 
Classics, pop, rock. All Ie lie Is 
weicome. Joan, 457-8065. (10121-
11 /14) 
Pascal tutor. Need help with CSE 65, 
62A, 62B? Call James, 558-2689. 
(10/21 -10124) 
Broke? Broken hearted? Booted out 
or bealup? SWift & Connolly specialize 
In representing UCSD studen1s, staff 
and faculty in bankruptcy, family law, 
landlord·tenant and personal Injury 
matters. Call 461 -8842 to arrange a 
free 1/2hourconsuitation. (10121 -121 
5) 

WANTED 
CDs, cassettes, VHS movies. Top $S 
paid. Music Trader, 7094 Miramar 
Rd. 693-1469. (9130·1215) 
BEING FIT is hiring experienced 
aerobic teachers for Clairemont 
location. Flexible hours. Call Lenny, 
483-9294. (9123-'215) 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
"11h (Xlt\1'I.ts.:\JfSIUuo, f1')W': 
\, .... \ .IhJ ~Ilh .u\) Iltllt..'f \ ,ft'\.'f 
Exp. 111<191 

.. 

3211 HoI..., Ct. 
........ ,...UCID 
CAU4I7 .... 1 

Take out or order by faxl 
FAX 417-8413 

0,.. 7 ...,., 11 to 11 
"$10 minlmlln onIof, 3 mile ,.... 

Retail cIoChing uleepeopIe. AM IhIIts 
avallable. UnIque opporUIilywilh fait 
growing company. Appfy with 
APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE, 8250 
Camino Santa Fe" Ste 1, San DIego 
Q2121 (Miramar ",),450-3324. (9t' 
23-1215) 
'1 FUND RAISER NATIONWIDE. 
Your fraternity, sorority, or other 
campus group can earn between 
$500-$1000 In leu than 7 days. You 
pay absolutely nothing. Can: 1-800-
735-20n Ext 3. (9123-10128) 
House cIeanera, SS-$8 per hour, car, 
phone, some experience, good ref. 
Call 259-8731. (1013-10128) 
Summer management internship 
interviews now laking place, Gain 
valuabieexperlet ICe managing a team 
of employees, customers and 
suppliers. Majority of hiring will be 
completed by November. Average 
gross profit is $11,287. Call Triple 'A' 
Student Painters for information now. 
1-800-426-&441 . (10110-116) 
Retail clothing salespeople (M/F). 
Outlet store in Miramar area. All shifts 
available. Casual atmosphere, Apply 
to Apparel Designer Zone, 8250 
Camino Santa Fe, Ste. I , San Diego 
92121 . 450-3324. (10110-10124) 
GuitaristlYocaJlst wanted for original 
band. No metal. No funk. call 453-
1689. (10117-10121) 

Help wanted. FufVpart time at Diva 
Flowers in the Costa Verde Center. 
Call Mlna. 558-6666. (10117-11/11) 
Assistance with child care and light 
housekeeping in Del Mar. 3 children 
ages 1 month, 2 years, and 6 years. 
Various ongoing shifts. Own car. 755-
6172. (10121-11/21) 

DRUMMERIBASSIST wanted for 
original, serious banet Into Pixies, 
Fugazi, reggae. No giam, 270-2692, 
(10121) 

October 11---,···,-
Intamado"" Catv 

Co*Nnc& loom 
·Britain, Fr.x:e and Germany. 
• The ONLY tJ/S( wtIf to YtQ\c 

LEGALLYowrseas. 
·A11 ~ of jobs: casual and 
Cfttr related, 

.Any GPAI All majorsl 

Pan-time childcare, responsible, 
driver. companion for 8-year-old boy. 
Ref.,.,... $5Ihr, 481-&405. (10121 ) 
ALASKA SL,rTH EllPLOYIENT 
- fIsherIea. Earn S5,ooo+lmonth. 
Free tr8I !8pOI1aIIon1 Room 8tId boardl 
Over 6,000 openings. No experience 
necessary. Ma .. or , ........ For 
employment program cal S1Udent 
Employment ServIces at 1-206-545-
4155 eXl113. (10121-11121) 
Secretary. MWF aU day. $8. Word 
Perfect. Typing-phone work. Can 
MarIssa, 586-1111 (Scripps Ranch 
area). (10121) 
CHILDCAREASSISTANT NEEDED: 
15-20 hours per week. Experience 
and excellent references required. 
Call 622-3827. (10121) 
Wanted woman 7-9 mos. pregnant 
for student film, Please call Diane, 
451-1693. (10121-10131) 
Wanted for student film, woman 75 
years old or older. Please call Diane, 
451-1693. (10121-10131) 
Local art gallery wants art student for 
travel related to art. Possible travel to 
Europe. Familiarity with Rernbrant, 
Boucher, Flrngonarst, Vermeer, 
helpful. $&Ihour. Reply to Art Gallery, 
P.O. Box 1764, La Jolla CA 92038, 
(10121-11/4) 
Campaign jobs to rid California of Its 
most dangerous pesticides. 
Meaningful and exciting work, minutes 
from campus. Earn S4.50-S9.5OIhour. 
Very flexible part·tlme hours. 
Comprehensive training. Call Dana, 
552-8234. (10121) 
CONVENTION ASSISTANTS (1-6) 
November 3-7 at the Omnl Hotel, 910 
Broadway Cllde, San Diego, Calate 
materials, registerconferees, pnJparo 
packets. WIll pay $6 per hour plus 
parking. For more details call carol, 
534-1024. (10121-10124) 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next to Vons) 274-2600 

MlRAMUA 
(Next 10 PIZZa Hut) 5666100 

----~----:1 I $1 OFF I $2 OFF I~~~~ ·AIso available: Ireland, New Zeal«ld, Jamaica, Costa mCansda, 
UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(_. 'rom Mann Tlleater"5~20 

nERRASANTA GAllWAY 
(Hwy 52 end Santo Ad.) 2~23 

I Any I Any I 
I 3- or 4-pIece I 8- or 12-p1ece I 
I Combo DInner I Combo DInner I 
L E.p. 11/15/91 ..L Up. 11/15/91 _ _ _ _ _ ____ '--__ -O:..LL ___ .L.J.J-...J 

Sponsored by the 
Pro~,af11':> AbWdci 

OffiLL' 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
AJIfIff. NOT .. CUSARY 
~AV~ 

Mooday, October 21, 1991 

NOW HIRING advertising 
repr .. entatlve at the Guardian 
IlftIp8peI'. Gt.l ......... a. Uland 
good pay, Cal MIchael, 534-3467, 
(10121-11111 ) 

FOR SALE 
ANVTNE COMPUTER, gNMd to 
atudenIa, 5% diIcounIa, ImmedIaIe 
home and aHlce service. 12925 
Pometlldo Ad fA. Poway, 4530671 
484-8180. See our ad tot dIIaIiI. (W 
30-10121) 
1st TECH - Computer Softwant, d 
name brandl, d wholesale pricing. 
HardwaN,IeasIng, consuIIIng, home 
delivery. Special STUDENT 
DISCOUNT. 595-4827, La Jolla and 
downtown, (9130-10131) 

an.wayticlc8tlhrough San Francisco 
toStoclcton. 7:30p.m. December 14th 
(WInter break). $551 Call Jeamine, 
453-4923. (1017-10121) 
For sale: desk and dresser. Good 
condItIonl $40 (each). Call Usa, 453-
5816. (10117-10121) 
.NC 25W NNFM digital synthesizer 
receiver and .NC doI)y/ANRS cUll 
cassette deck. I'm moving. $120 for 
boIh or $65 separately. Pet1ect for 
dorm room. AlIi. for Greg, 687-6097. 
(10(14-10128) 
Research microscope. Olympus 
Trlnocular with camera; optical 
micrometer; extra eyepieces and 
objectives; opaque llumination with 
polarized light; to2OOOx 01 inmersion. 
Original owner. Cal Kelly in the early 
evening at 792-n88. (10114-10124) 
Guitars: Acoustic steel string, perfect 
condition, new strings, $85. 12-string 
guitar, perfect. $155. 452-2065. (101 
14-10131) 
New skis. Pre M6 1990 brand new 
210 em. $300. CaD Ian at 558-7325. 
(10114-10124) 
'66 Mustang conven. V8, 3-spd, 
complete res1oration. Rebuilt engine 
(289). $9400 obo, 695-9583 (eves). 
(10114-10124) 
1985 Honda Aero 50 scooter. Fun, 
economical transportation. In good 
shape, $350, Aaron, 456-3825. (101 
14-10121) 
Racing bike - Vitus aluminum, 56 
em., full Campy SR, Galeye Solar 
computer, $550. Joe, 296-8706. (101 
14-10121) 
Surfboard. 6'Z'Thruster. Never used. 
$2250b0. Gall Darren, 793-1358. (101 
17-10124) 
Rollerblades, Brand new, Bauer 
blades. $1 00 obo. Cd nowl Lyn, 558-
9452. (10117-10128) 
Printer: Epeon L0-510, 24 pin dot 
matrix. 1 yearold, likenew. WI MtJI; or 
PC interface, $200, WI Postscript 
emulator for MtJI;, $250. 554-1392. 
(10117-10121 ) 

DO YOU HIVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

•• ,.$$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus earn up 

10 $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LAIOIAYOaIU 

226·1733 

Monday, October 21,1991 

1980 VW RabbIt. Good COl dIIon. Fuel 
Injection. AMlFM atereo. AsJ(lng 
$1200 obo. Cal Hatim, 454-4966, 
afternoons. (10117-10128) 

Up to 30'lIo off Intamational nights. 
Call Sonya. 931-8452. (10117-10128) 

"TOSHfBA LABTOp· - T1200. 
Excellent condition, Original price: 
$2100, s.lIing price: $875. 
PANASONIC PRfNTER KX·Pl1SO. 
New; 2 year warranty. Original price; 
5299, selling for: $150. Can Isabelle. 
Phone, 259-7193. Fax, 259-6211 , (101 
17-10128) 

Ovation guitar, model 1614-2 Legend, 
goId·plated tuners . Excellent action, 
great sound. $500. 758-2439. (101 
17-10/21) 

Smith Corona olfers student discounts 
on typewriters/pwp's/computers . 
Contact Campus Representative Ray 
Marrero, 276-2355. (10/21-11 /4) 

1981 HondaAccord. Runs great, 83K, 
new engine. $1100 obo. Call Tom, 
530-2188. (10/21 -10/24) 

Doc Marten's - Absolutely nearly 
new Oxblood, men's size 10, calf· 
length. $65 abo. Monica, 450-0695. 
(10/21 ) 

Futon and frame, $95. Mattress and 
box spring - new, $75. Coffee and 
end tables, $25-35. Futon sofa-bed, 
$219. 587-0095. (10/21-11 /21) 

JD Computers - IBM compatible 
computers at Incredibly low prices. 
5% discount for UCSD students. 530-
9156. (10121 -10124) 

For sale! Twin bed includes box 
springs and frame, $60. Sharp 
component CD player with remote, 
$40, Calf 450-0195. (10/21) 

Sears SR-3000 electronic 
communicator typewriler with printerl 
parallel interface. 10,000 character 
memory stores up to 50 fiies, spell 
corrector feature with SO,OOO word 
dictionary, and 3-wheel fonts (pica, 
mini gothic, script) , Excellent 
condition, $175 or best offer. Nancy, 
291-4946. (10121) 
BASS AMP. Fendersidekick. 65-watt, 
limiter, new head, sounds buff. $2001 
abo. 270-2692. (10121) 

R,AISING 
For lour "..,.",ltyl . . 

mrorny, INm or olher 
ampu. orpnlatlon . 
.... "nuNO 

."..,.., ..... , 
C'f.lll n::'O ,,"'t:;: !x\ .J~ 

• •••••• 

I 

APPLE IMAGEWRITER II printer for 
sale. S225 or beat offer. CaI~, 
452-8049. (10121-1on.) 

Sleep above yow desk. 2 in one, 
studio bedldesk. Modem, stunning 
red. $200, 481-&405, (10121) 

For sale by owner. 4 bedroom, 2 bath, 
family room and study, two fireplaces, 
over 2500 sq ft, bright. a two-bIock 
walk to UCSD. $519,995. Call owner 
at ~20. (10121 -10131) 

HOUSING 
Room available in beautiful University 
City house only minutes from campus. 
Pool, jacuzzi, 2 fireplaces, parking, 
basketball court, washer/dryer. $425 
plus 1/4 utilities. 453-7610. (10/14-
10124) 

Masterbedroom in Clalremont house. 
$245/month plus 1/4 utilities . 
Fireplace, washer/dryer, fronVback 
yards. Near UCSD campus. Sharon, 
632-5640. (1 On- l 0131) 

Roommate wanted: Fully furnished, 
two bedroom, near campus, $250 per 
month. Call 558-7712, Lee/Jay. (101 
10-10/21 ) 

Room needed for month of November 
only. Responsible transferring student 
interested in surfing a month before 
leaving. LJ or Del Mar area. Call Scott 
at 457-1697, leave msg. (10/17-101 
21) 

Master bedroom for rent in University 
City. Fully furnished house, close to 
school. $280/monlh. Call Steve, 587-
0227. Avail. 11 /1. (10117-10/28) 

Room for rent: Available Immediately. 
Large bedroom in University City. 
$3121month plus 113 utilities, Deposit 
$167. Call Lisa, 453-5816. (10/17-101 
21) 
3 bedroom, den, 2 bath condo. $11501 
month. Near medical center, Balboa 
Hasp" UCSD, 454-6462. (10/17-101 
28) 

Spacious room with own bath in new 
condo. Garage, cable, wash/dryer, 
pool. $485. 587-2883. (10/17-10121) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Female roommate wanted to share 
apartment Own bedroom and bath. 
WaMIIuJ to school, close to Ralph's, 
busllne. $45OImonth plus 112 utilities. 
AlIcIa, 452-2480. (10121-10124) 

Roommate wanted; own room 3BAI 
28A house In PB. $350 - $200 
deposit. Available 11/1191 , Call Hank, 
274-8265. (10121 -10128) 

ASAP: Female roommate(s) needed 
for master bedroom with own bath 
and balcony (S55OImo or S2751mo if 
2 persons share). Condo has washerl 
dryer, fireplace, parking, pool. 5 
minutes to UCSD. Close to Vons and 
bus stop. Please call Mina or Nga at 
457-2552. (10/21 ) 

3 bedroom 2.5 bath. New appliances. 
Clean, swimming pool. Near UTC. 
$1 ,125.462-7780,457-7825. (10/21-
10/24) 

PERSONALS 
BEAD SHOP, New and vintage 
beads, findings , workshops. 
Oskadusa, 243 Highway 1 0 I , Solana 
Beach. 755-2323. (10/17-10/26) 

Happy be·lated birthday Kim Garriot! 
Love, yourformer RA, (10/21 ) 

DONT MISS THE MARTIAL ARTS 
FESTIVAL. Saturday ellening. 
October 26, Main Gym. Call UCSD 
Recreation, 534-4037 for more info. 
(10121 ) 

Hazel, most guys want your for just 
one thing . Forget this "hard to get· 
act, I want you for two things. Get a 
grip. When it's right it's right. - Myrtle. 
(10/21) 

NOW HIRING advertising represen· 
tatives at the Guardian newspaper. 
Great experience, fun and good pay. 
Call Michael, 534-3467. (10/21 -111 
11) 

LEARN VOLLEYBALL. Reline skills 
foryourgrasslsandvollebyball game. 
Call Greg at 546-1421 for more 
Informations. (10/21 -10/28) Room wi bathroom in Solana Beach. 

Fullyfumishedwi washer/dryer. $3451 
month, 259-1287. (10121 -11/11) What kind of bribe? (10/21) 

I ~'------------------------------I cicy Sial< zop, _____ _ 
I Phon< LJ COU<gdUnovenity. ________ __ 

SUmrnt, a F.n a Spoil(! a 19_ 
I .......... rr..-~....... s-"..-. I a London a Grrnobk a O.food a Grctt< a Padova a USSR. I 
I a PuiJ a Hatr. a Padov. a London a Puis a W.slll .... on a Sydney a MacInd a MacInd a Sydney I 

~~~~ __ ~~~ __ 3~= ______ ~ 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• You Can Sleep Thru It All 
• $50 UCSD Student Discount· 
• Close to Campus with Free Parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 
• Wilh sludenl lD 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459·5565 
470 Nautilus Street. Suite 212, La Jo lla 

GIA'S 
UCSD NIGHTS 

are now also on 
MONDAYS 

Party on our patio (with Monday Night Football) 
--- ------ --

PITCHERS 
$300 Domestic $400 Imported 

ONE-TOPPING PIZZAS 
$500 $700 12-inch 14-inch 

Mus. haY< UCSO 10 

GIA'S ItaUan Restuarant 792-7521145 So, Hwy 101 
SOLANA BEACH 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• ~ &Steve~s lallu,""" ~ 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • • 
: FREE YOGURT : Free FLYING : 
: or ICE CREAM : with $3.00 DISC : 
• 8 • • uy one cup or cone • 
: and receive 2nd of : : 
: equal or lesser Value : • 
• for Free.. : 
• • • 
• Musr present thiS ad at ttme of purchase • 
• Offer subJect 10 revocallon Without I"I)ItCe • 
• OlscounlS nor valid Wllh otner dlsco\JOls • 

or coupons M iUtlrTl..Jm dl5COUnt on any • 
purchase is S3 00 ropptngs nol Iflcluded • 

-(GOOd Ontv"1 Co,."V~rd~ : Good Ontv a' Cos.a V" ,de ~ 
••••• Expires 11 /31/91 •••••••••• Expires 11 /31 /91 •••••• 

in the Costa Verde Shopping Center : 
8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego· 450-3044: 

• Directl y Across From Unive rsi ty Towne Centre : 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Congratulations to the 
1991 Pledge Class of 

Kappa Kappa Gamma 
Michelle Ansari Amy Hutchins Julie Mueller 
Laurel Au(muth Jen Hostetder Heather Mygatt 
Sara Billingslea Camclla James Teresa Nguyen 
Alloon Booth liz Kane Brandy O'Gorman 
Amy Cummins Eva Kingsbury Holly Ratelle 
A I ison Dc Lucca Tracy Lang Kim Proctor 
Rita Fischer Oanielle Levine Ashlie Ringel 
Batsheva Goldstein Cynlhea Ling Lisa Schneiderman 
Jennife~ Goldstein Erica Maienshcin AmyStcwarr 
Annie Gregory Cori Martin Jill Tommeraa n 
Laura Holmes Kathy McNeil Shannon Welch 
Rachel Holzberg Karin Morris Oard Winvick 



.. 

I \ 

14 SPOllTS 

SEASON RECORDS / NOTES 

.... MEN'S SOCCER 
,. 104/downed Claremont 3-D yesterday 

.... WOMEN'S SOCCER 
,. 11 ~ 1/nine of 11 wins have been by shutout 
.... WOMEN'S VOUEYBAl1 
,. 19-5/ranked number one in the nation 

.... MEN'S WATER POLO 
,. 12-9/I05t to number three UC Irvine 

UPCOMING EVENTS 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SPORTS 

Oct. 21 M. Soccer v. Biola 
Oct. 22 W. Vol II at Point Lorna 
Oct. 23 M. Soccer at UC Irvine 
Oct. 24 Water Polo v. Chaminade 
Oct. 25 Water Polo v. Cal 

Oct. 26 

Oct. 27 

W. Soccer at Redlands 
Water Polo v. UCSD Alumni 
W. Volle)tlall v. 
CSU San Bernardino 
Water Polo at 4ger Invitational 
W. Soccer v. Azusa PacifIC 
Cross Country: UCSD Decade of 
Excellence 5K 
M. Soccer v. Westmont 
FerlCing: UCSD Alumni Decade 
of Excelleoce Meet 
W. Soccer v. UCSD Alumni: 
Decade of ExcellerlCe Game 
Water Polo at 4ger Invitational 

Oct. 28 M. Soccer v. Pomona-Pitzer 
Oct. 30 W. Soccer at San Diego State 

Nov. 1 
Nov. 2 

Water Polo v. UC Riverside 
Water Polo v. UCLA 
Cross Country: California Collegiate 
Athletic Assoc. Championships 
W. Soccer at CSU Dominguez Hills 
W. Vol~1I v. Westmont 

Nov. 5 W. Volle~1I at La Verne 
EXTRAMURAl SPORTS 

Date . Event 

Nov. 2 v. SDSU at Sports Arena 
Nov. 9 v. CSU Northrid e 
Nov. 22 Hock at San Jose State 
Nov. 23 Hockey at UC Davis 
Dec. 6 Hockey v. O.C.C. 
Jan. 9 Hockey at O.C.C. 
Jan. 17 Hockey v. UCLA 2 
Feb. 16 Hockey v. USC 2 
Feb. 25 Hockey v. SDSU 
Feb. 29 Hockey v. Cal Lutheran 

TIme 

3:30 
7:30 

3:30 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
3:00 p.m. 
4:30 p.m. 

7:00 p.m. 
All 
Noon 

9:00 a.m. 
2:00 p.m. 

10:00 a.m. 

Noon 
All Day 
3:30 p.m. 
4:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 

9:00 a.m. 
2:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 

Time 

1:00 .m. 
7:00 .m. 
10:15 p.m. 
9:30 p.m. 
11:30 p.m. 
9:30 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
9:30 p.m. 
10:00 p.m. 

The van Guudian 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
DClO,j'_'! !.: (Icr().~~ I, L'O 

DIn 1iIcOowIW~ 
Cheryl Parker Intercepts the ball from a Cal State San Ber-
nardino defender. UCSD upped its record to 11-0-1. 
CROSS COUNTRY 

IlllULli 
.CII ........... _U,Ja n.w_ 

.... - 1.IIC ...... lcsu~n: l SIn 1I00I>-, 125:" ___ Ul5. 
__ 1&7. 

_ - 1._115:1_1OJ,lSlo 
1I00I>-. UJ:"CII~ 51.0. 134: 5._ 1J7. __ -L Ie ...... _ 

W. VOLLEYBALL 
IlllULli 

ucso a. csu ~ .. ~ 15-9, ~14 

POU.I 
DIwIIIIII • w..', ......... 
,,,11-.. 
... ....-. 

-- -
L UC ...... I~ • 1 51._11·21 BI 
1 

-lUll 19 
.. Sln-... i&lI 69 
S 

__ i9OI 
64 

l ........ .,11»31 til 
7, _ CInI. Sl llt~ SI 
l 
__ I U~I 

4S 
l 

--(2I·lJ 42 
10. ~11621 3& 
u. 1ho_114.Si 29 
12. _11I~1 Ie 

Il~~_i331 15 
_ nib TIdl.I1I·2) 15 

15. Cdindo Collet ~I 14 

Women 's volleyball national 
champions since 1981 
y- ~ 
1981 ucs.. ... 
1982 laVerne 
1983 EImIust 
1984 UCS.DiICO 
1985 EIm/UIIt 
1986 UCS.DiICO 
1987 ucs.. ... 
1988 ucs..DiICO 
1989 WaItqIgn 
1990 UCS.DiICO 

--
.... i5_-L __ ~ 
=1;1a.._~anl: 1Jio1 
_ ISIIIUI. ~ .. ""OO ...... (CSUII. 
lII;l5.5:5.a.._..,.all5. _ 
_ -II. __ (UCSDI. 2I:1JJ: II. Itt 
_ (U:SDI. 21:21.1: 20. s.o.,..,1IItSDI. 
27:l11.1 21_ -..1IItSDI. 21:llJ::It. 
__ i\ICSIII._" 

_15.000 ot- L lin IWIIII ~-~ 
I&IU1_~~1I:1&9;1 
__ ~S4IIoI.II:37.4: "1\io 

_ ($It _~ 11:51.9; 5. a...,. foil 
~~ __ -12._ 
_ (lJCSDl.lllO.l: 41. 1m _!JCSIII. 20:11.1: 
... _"'" ' ICIDI.:DIU ~"._ 
(I.ICSOI.lIt217: U _ '-!JCSIII. 2U1.7. 

WATER POLO 
1lllUL1I 

WOMEN'S SOCCER 
IlllULli 
UCSO 2 C$U SIo _ 0 

MEN'S SOCCER 
RESULli 

UCSOJ _0 

ucso_~ . <_ 
Doo.C- -. 
........ len 
....... l2 
ucs._ II 
ucs._ 3-1 
MIT J.O 
LlVeme 30 
CaMn 3-2 
EJmIuIIt J.O 
Illinois Benedictine 3-2 
0l1Io HaItIan lO 
Washin&tOn 3-2 

."" NCM 0iWIbI 1 ...... ~ ..,.....f'nI .... in lllL 

Research Volunteers 

STRESSED OUT? 

nl'>(, 1111 ....... 1 •• 1" m."'~ IIl,lllIlf"'I' 
.1" f\t ,JiiJ lot Ht" lUI ,,',H 

Monday, 0cI0bcr 21, 1991 

IN THE BI FACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

"Yol A IttIe hefpl!" 

TEAM LEADERS 
...... vauJYUU. 
• '" GallIer U. 1111 
.... .'llAfCT . . , .. iii ...... II ... 
lIiIIV.,eo..,. _ eo 1631' 411.21] 24 .AO 3!i 21HO 101 U • 32A3 I 
_ , .. _ 69 14241 ]5].271 I fA 9 17 2 132 U. 16 «I .115 13 LI _ _ SS ill Sl 1lO.2QO 2 ,04 16 17 22 W 1" S U.2I 2 Dooo __ _ eo 1lI\]I UUOl S ,III II I 9 230 113 2 • ,11 4 SIIOI _ _ Sl !IO 12 2!11.227 3 ,01 11 , 12 132 UC] , .2] I 
__ 53 • II 229.221 3 ,01 7 14 2 .. . 11 t •• 7 .uitf _ __ a3 ]7 10 100.270 124 U 24 24 I 120 U 3 22 .«1 S 
__ _ II 2t 10 S7 .m 

1 .01 2 I o , .!O 3 11 • ] 
.uit -, _ «I 12 • S2 .W S3 U3 13 I 2 S3 U3 I 5 .15 S ___ SI9 

II 4S ·.133 1 fA 13 2e 20 III t!l! 0 0 .GO 0 Jooi _ __ 6 
6 I 20 .0!i0 I ,17 1 I S 17 113 1 I .33 0 

__ _ 9 

S 0 1O.Dl 0 ,01) 0 2 2 13 L44 1 0 .11 I 
-' _ _ 14 S • 37 ,.Q21 2 .14 2 2 1 20 1.431 3 .21 1 
_0. _ 1 4 I 10 .JIG 0 .GO 0 1 0 2 100 0 0 ,01) 0 
_"'MI .. 1U • .,.au 111 liM 114M1 UUU! 11_ III 1,11 41 
_ .. WAlIIIPOLO 
."'0""'u.1II1 
.... ...... ArT ~, _1Il1t ucrt ucrt _M ....... 

_----67 64 .53132 14 :IS .. ... __ . 
" 

.$ 11 22 14 ... _. __ . 
50 . ., It 20 22 

____ III 

et ... , IS I' 
Soon 1IiP' - . 37 .32f , 9 2 ",, _ __ 10 

22 ~. I 14 "' _ _ Sl 
16 
-] 

1112 
",, __ ,50 \I •• \1 liS __ _ 33 

• .J7S I ] 3 _~ ••• _, 315 12 .111 4 S J ___ •• 28 
• J7S S 4 4 

_"' __ 8 2 .soo I 2 0 ___ a 
6 .soo 0 5 I 
"'_,~_20 7 .714 0 ] 4 
IIoIICGtwl __ S 3 .33l I 1 0 t.- _ ____ J 

2 .soo 0 o 0 
CrIIC---] I 1.0000 o 0 
'""" ......, , •• _ 3 1 limo I I 0001 fiHI __ 2 0 .coo 0 o 1 
"'_, •••• 1 0 .coo 0 o I 
.....,- -_ .• 0 .coo 4 • 2 ____ •. Sl 

I .coo I • I 
_lIrMi .. All U111l127 

A LOC* UCII AT _1BII:TICIa ... 
'IlIE ........ SPGRI'II'MIS: 
1117 - The UCSO l1l/I'1_ .... detIIIed IJI 
'lime 1~ ~ • pme ........ """ If HIIII CallI! 
DIItll ~ 1lIIIO NIl _.., __ lie U.s. 
.\nor IIIIiInII r_, 
1114 - The UCSO _·1 .... _1nIdoId oI! 
0i:dIIrIIII1n awe p!IeI. lilt rrtluns _ rRIII ... 
il1III -, ... The ~ l1li ........ IeI1uIt 
011 'The Enonnous ShIn 01 ~. 
1112 - Tn 8IIIdIn. .. pile on Ihe UCSD .. 1'1 
_palo I11III_1111 ..... aflhe ... M1III1111. 
.. r ..... _~ .. IaN .... .... 
NAS. .. In~·I .. _ .. _'I __ 
-1aInIIrirC IllllnlIiIot .4l1li IsII • ~2. 

30 ~ 
17 .. I2-l 
21-9 \U 
2&12 113 
00 &2 
)1 I2t 
H .. 

~ 1·2 
30 30 
31 10 
31 30 

~2 H 
~I 31 
)2 I~ 
00 00 
00 00 
00 )2 
00 00 
00 00 
00 00 
00 00 
00 00 

--

AhA 

1·2 
4-1 
1-1 
1~ 
02 
00 
00 
01 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
00 
7-, 

rr; Delta Benefit Auction 
OCT. 23. 11 :3.2:30 
PRICE CEIITER PIAZI 

0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
• 

AZITA 
rR[l 0 '1 LTATIO N 
4H·&~80. , Ii' 1'('.,,1 ~I 
1\'. 2(l~ IJ L.l 1011.1 

FREE research studiel evaluat-
ing m~icationl are available to 
people suffering from anxiety. 
Symptoms include wOlT)'ing too 
much. being unable to relax, in· 
somnia. stomach problema. 
muscle act.ea, feeling tense. and 
difficulty concentrati ng. Suitable 
volunteers benefit from free medi· 
cation. lab telte. phYlical1 and 
psychiatric evaluations. Studiel 
.110 avai lable for depreaaion. Call 
for a confidential evaluation. 

An proceeds go to Children's Hospital Foundation 
Olher s.,.-i<.s: 
• I'('(JI( UI(' ,\.\.1"I(UH' 
• \,\.l\1ng "'"~'-~-';;; 
• f .llIJI 

[JU~ =~ 554-0100 
Come bid on restaurant certifieatet, Sea World pallet. 

pft certifacatee. pitlr ~ •• iopa& teiep-a1Dl. 
home-cooked _al., aad aueh .. re! 

Mon~y, October 21,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

BECOME THE STUDENT REGENT --REPRESENT 
OVER 160,000 STUDENTS FOR ONE YEAR 

Applicalions available al ASUCSD Office. Chancellor's Office. your 
college Dean's Office, GSA Office. EDNA, and School of Medicine. All 

applications are due no laler Ihan 5:00 pm in Ihe Chancellor's Office, 
Friday. November \, 1991. For moreinformation. cali 534-4083 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
Sludenl Leadership Chambers 
Price Center. Third Floor 

ASUCSD FILM SERIES 
THELMA & LOUISE 

Thursday. October 24 
6:30. 9:00, 11 :30 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $1.00. lickels at Box Office 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
CWD Film Series -1991 
ONE HUNDRED CHILDREN WAITING FOR THE TRAIN 
Friday, October 25. 7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREEl 

ATrENIION ALL STU DENIS 
WE WANT YOUR SUPPORT ON THE ASSOCIATED 
STUDENT ACADEMIC AFFAIRS BOARD!!! 

The board deals with academic issues that com:ern you!!! Help us make a change 
on this campus!!! How do you feel about extending W -Grade to 6 weeks?? How 
about an III campus deadweek before finals??? 

For more information contact the A.S. OffICe or Monique Bugarin at 534-4450 
Applications are due by F.riday. October 25. 1991 in the A.S. Offices Obinl 
Boor. Price Center> 

APPLY FOR DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT 
Deadline: Wednesday. October 23. 3rd floor Price Cenler. AS Offices 
For more information. call 534-4450 

SOFB/CPB DEADLINE! 
NOVEMBER 1 

The deadline for SOFB/CPB Winler Programming Requests and 1992 Operaling 
Requests is November I. 
(Operaling requests will be accepted for those sludent organizations who haven't 
previously requested an ooperating account for the entire year.) 

Hearings will be held: Wednesday. November 6.9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
Thursday. November 7. 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
Friday. November 8, 9:00 am 10 12:00 noon 

Hearings shaJllasl JO minutes each. 
Budget requesf forms are available at the AS Receptionisl office and must be 
signed by your organization's advisor before it can be submined. 

HA VE A PROBLEM? 
COME SEE THE STUDENT ADVOCATE 

Open from 9 am to 5 pm Monday through Friday. 3rd floor Price Center 
Academic problems? Problems with the Administration? 
Problems with Other Students? Something Else? 
Come See What You Can Do About It! 
Visit the office of the Student Advocate or call at 534-4450 or 534-0476 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
General Meding Wednesday, Oclober 23, 6:30 PIlJ to 8:00 pm 
Price Center Gallery B. 
Everyone is welcome. 

UCSD TRITON YEARBOOK 
Reserve yourself I copy of the 1991 - 92 Triton Yearbook Wednesday &: 
Thursday. October 23 & 24 between II &: 2 in the Price Center. 
Get your copy now before the price goes up. 

S NEWS FLASHES Is produced by the Associated 
tudents of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed In AS 
EWSFLASHES, pickup a form outside the AS Secretary's door, 
rd noor, Price Center. Deadline is every Wednesday at noon. 
dvertisements are sub eel to 5 ace avallabillt . 

ASIAN AMERICAN CHRISTIAN FELLOWHIP 
Meeling Monday. 7:00 pm 
Gallery A, Price Center 
Come Join Us 

ASIAN AND PACIFIC ISLANDER STUDENT ALLIANCE 
GENERAL MEETING 
Monday, October 21,6:00 pm Oceanview Lounge 
We will have skils. games, and infonnalion on Asian and Pacific Islander 
Awareness Week. Communily Service. Semi-Fonnai. Talem Show. Graduarion 
Banquet. and much more ... 

HUMAN RELA nONS COALITION MEETING 
Oclober 22. 5:00 pm. San Francisco/Sanla Cruz Room. Price Cenler 
- Sleering Committee will be fOlmed consisting of represenlalives from AS. 
GSA, SAAC. Ihe five colleges, imeresled siudenl organizalions, and concerned 
individuals. The Sleering Committee will be limiled 1015 persons, Space is 
available on a I st come 1st erve basis (Ihree siols are open) 
For more info call SAAC & HRC Programs Office al 534·6708 

INTERNA nONAL CLUB 
Inlernational Club and Sangam-- nhe East IndianfPakislani Club co-sponsor 
an oUlrageous Halloween dance on Salurday. Oclober 26 from 8:00 pm 10 
12:00 midnighl at Ihe ImemalionaICemer. Prizesgivenforbest coslume .. . so 
enler and win!!! 

Inlemational Club -- meetings are every Monday al 6:30 pm at Ihe 
Inlernalional Center Lounge. On Monday. Oclober 21 we will have a sludy 
break/movie nighl. Also. please anend Ihis meeling if you are imeresled in 
becoming an officer for I-Club 

TRI DELTA BENEFIT AUCTION 
• Wednesday. October 23 
• II :30 am - 2:30 pm. Price Center Plaza (small Ballroom in case of rain) 
• All proceeds go 10 Children's Hospital 
• Come bid on dinners. gift certificales. sludenl services and much more! 

VOLUNTEER CONNECTION -- FIGHT ILLITERACY! 
As many as 23 million Americans are funclionally illiterate. lacking basic ski lls 
beyond a fourth-grade level. AnOlher 35 million are semi-literale lacking skills 
beyond an eighth-grade level. On Tuesday. Oclober 22. the Volunteer , 
Conneclion is sponsoring a Lileracy Awareness Day. Hear a speaker from Ihe. 
Literacy Network and lalk 10 represemalives from the Open Book Reading 
Program for kids and Ihe READ program for adults. Help spread the word. 
Come to Ihe Price Center Plaza at noon O!l Lileracy Awareness Day, Tuesday, 
Oclober 22 10 learn how 10 become a reading IUlor . 

UCSA WOMEN'S CONFERENCE 
"THE CHANGING FACES OF FEMINISM" 

Diversity, Commonality. Dialogue 
OCTOBER 25 - 27 

ARTWORK 
by women artisl needed for Women's An Show 
Submil work 10 Ihe Women's Resource Cenler no laler Ihat October 23. 1991. 
Please bring work ready to hang. 

SCHEDULE OF EVENTS 
Friday. October 25: 
noon - 1:00 pm 
7:30 pm 

AWARENESS RALLY Gym Sleps 
ADRIENNE RICH 10 read paclry Grove Caffe 

8:30pm 
I 1:00pm 

Book signing and music 
Film: La Femme Nikita 

Saturday. Oclober 26: 
9:00 - 10:00 am Registration and breakfast 

10:00 - 10:30 am Welcome 
10:30 - 11:45 am Workshop Session I 
II :45 - I :30 pm LunchlMusic 
1:30 - 3:00 pm Workshop Session n 
3:00· 4:30 pm Workshop Session OJ 
4:30 - 6:30 pm Self Defense Workshop 
6:30 - 8:30 pm All U Can Eat Dinner ($4) 
8:30pm - ? Enlertainment 

Sunday. October 27: 
9:00 - 10:00 am "Ism" workshop 

10:00 - 11:00 am Status of UC women environmenl 
11:00 - 12 noon GLORIA ANZALDUA 
12 ooon- I:30 pm Receplioo for Gloria 

Price Cenler Theatre 

Price Cenler Theatre 

various locations TBA 
Price Center Plaza 
various locations TBA 
various locations TBA 
Price Center Theatre 
CheCafe 

Ballroom A 
Price Cenler ThealTC 

for more Information contact the Women's Resource Center 534-2023 

15 



16 SPORTS 

KEEPNi 
SCORE At. JASON SNEll 

Cal is a VICtory 
For the Good Guys 

LET ME BEGIN BY MAKING myself perfectly clear: 1 don't like college football. 
Can't stand it. Colleges use 
football (and basketball) players 
to make large urns of money for 
their institution - in retum, all 
the players have to do is play 
football. Go to class? Forget it. 
There's nOl enough time. You 're 
here to play football. 

Now that I've said that, let me 
meOlion Lhal I've been paying a 
lot of altenlion to college football 
this year. Thi weekend was the 
best college football weekend yet 
- l got to watch two top 10 teams 
play each other, two teams that 
represent two good universities. 
Thi was no Oklahoma-Miami 
malch-up. Thi was Cal-Washing-
Ion. 

I've been a fan of Cal football 
since I was a little kid, and lhe 
relatively good academic stan-
dards of UC Berkeley have 
allowed me La remain a Cal 
fOOl ball fan while I hate the pon 
as a whole. Beside, il was 
obvious thaI Cal didn't take part 
in the nefarious actions of the rest 
of Division I-A college football, 
because they never won. Every 
Saturday my family and I would 
pile into lhe car and drive three 
hours to see Cal lose again. 

so CAL'S finally a good team 
- and llhink it' srill 

playing clean, too. Its star, Russell 
While, was academically ineli-
gible coming OUI of high school. 
Cal got a lot of flak for lelling him 
in. But the people at Cal discov-
ered White was dyslexic. began 
tutoring him. and he now has a 3.0 
GPA. 

For all Cal's strengths, the 
University of Washington Hu Ides 
are a bener team. I expected Cal 
to get pasted by UW. probably by 
more than 20 points. 

Cal ended up 10 ing by 7, and 
had a decent chance to win the 
game even when there was no 
time left on the clock. So Cal 
loses again- except this time, 
even the loss to UW is a victory. 
Because Cal didn'l fold when 
plnying the team ranked third in 
the nation - unlike when it 
played against Miami the last two 
years. I've never been so happy 
while watching a team I was 
pulling for lose a game. TIley lost 
to a beller team - but they 
proved their own worth at the 
same time. 

ALL TIllS Cal business has, of course, given me a much 
greater interest in college football 
poUs. Usually the polls are a joke, 
with voting biased toward 
traditionally successful (and 
usuallyeastem and midwe lem) 
teams. TIle Washington players 
could tell you thal - they' re 
always ranked lower than they 
should be. 

See SCORE. Page 9 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian ~~~11,1991 

Anteaters Stir Up Rough Waters 
• VCI wears down men's water 
polo with physical play and then 
cruises to 12-6 victory 
By Andy a.yton 
S#lnior Staff Writer 

The UCSD men 's waterpoloteam was beaten 
- literally beaten - by the UCI Anteaters 
yesterday afternoon 12-6. The loss dropped the 
Tritons to 12-9. 

After a brief early stand by UCSD. thC Ant-
eaters wore UCSD down and eventually turned 
the match into shooting practice. By game's end, 
the Tritons had been manhandled more than the 

quener. UCSD had neaed two goals II1d put UCI 
in a small. but comfortable, 2-1 hole. 

Alas. that was the Tritons last Ic:d: at &lory-
or a \cad in the a-ne. The AnIeaIers came back in 
the second quaner and ate their way through the 
rapidly-tiring UCSD defense. . 

Steve Gill spearheaded the UCI attack. tearing 
up the pool with slashing fast-breaks. Several 
times, the 6-5 hole man raced past defenders who 
stroked furiously - but in vain - to catch him. 
Acting almost like a point guard on a fast-break, 
he dished off for several goals or. when the 
opportunity presented itself, cashed in himself. 
Gill had two goals on the afternoon. 

0., 1IcOowII&'~ ball. The Tritons did manage to counter with two 
goals, and at halftime, the two teams were tied at 

See W. POLO, Page 7 
Jay Hagan winds up for a shot against UC Irvine Led by their trademaJt offense, the Tritons 
yesterday. UCSD was overwhelmed physically. appeared to be in fine shape at the end of the first 

Tritons Silence Howling Coyotes 

!WI 

• Women's soccer 
avenges only blemish on 
record with hard-fought 
2-0 win over Cal State 
San Bernardino 
By area Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

It was the kind of soccer game 
John Madden would have loved. 
The UCSD women's soccer team 
would have made CBS 's rotundNR.. 
conunentatorproud with itsscrappy, 
physical 2-0 win over Division 0 
nemcsisCSUSanBemardino. Mad-
den, who believes thai it's only a 
real game when everybody's dirty, 
sweaty and bleeding, would have 
felt right at home during Saturday's 
game in which the players spent as 
much time on the ground as they did 
on their feet 

The Tritons ran their record to 
1141, avenging the only blemish 
on their record, a I-I tie with the 
Coyotes three weeks ago. 

Kalyn Shea avoids a CSUSB defender Saturday - one of the few times UCSD wasn't tackled by the Coyotes. 
UCSD had been looking forward 

See W. SOCCER. Page 9 

Cross Country Teams Suffer 
Different Fates Under Heat 
• Men's depth results in 
first-place ftnish, while 
women place ninth 
By PeterKo 
Sports Editor 

Battling Mother Nature's ver-
sion of a broiler, the UCSD men 's 
cro s country team placed first in 
the Cal Poly San Luis Obispo Invi-
tational Saturday. The women's 
cro country team finished ninth, 
70 points behind first-place 
Westmont. 

The men, with fi ve runners plac-

ing in the top 20, finished fourpoints 
ahead of runner-up Cal State 
Hayward. 

UCSD was led by Mark Yuen 
who fini shed 17th individually, and 
10th among runners qualifying for 
team results with a time of 27: 19.2. 
He was followed by leffHemandez 
(12th among team results, 27:21.7), 
Sam Gwynn ( 13th, 27:26.3), 
Fussum Keflezighi (14th, 27:30.2) 
and Mark Chun (19th. 28:05.4). 

Ifit appears that the Tritons have 
adifferent scoring group every meet, 

See X.cOUNTRY. Page 9 

UCSD Shuts Out Stags 3-0 
• Men's soccer picks up 
10th win by beating 
Claremont on the road 
By Peter Ko 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's soccer team 
continues to atone for its early·sea-
son struggles with a late run at the 
NCAA Division ill men's soccer 
tournament. Yesterday aftemoon at 
Claremont. the Tritons blanked the 
Stags 3-0 to raise their record to 10-
4. 

The win over Division ill and 
West Coast-rival Claremont could 
go a long way in helping UCSD's 
chances for the postseason. . 

TIle Stags. whoentercd the game 
at 12-2, arc among the leading con-
tenders for a spot in the NCAA 
toumament. The Trilons' win-all 
the more impressive because it was 
on the road - gives them momen-

. tum heading into November, when 
tournament bids will be given out. 

UCSD scored first 30 minutes 
See M.IOCCER, Page 9 

Stacie Sasaki closed out Friday's match with a couple of kills. 

Tritons Run Over Toros 
• Women's volleyball downs Cal State 
Dominguez Hills Friday in three quick games 
By ChrIs R...... games 15-8,15-9.16-14. 
Assoclale Sports Eelilor UCSDcame out strong,capi-

Another match, another rou- talizing on unforced enors by 
tine win- thai's been the story theToros. Late in the firsrgame. 
recently for the UCSD women's the TOf'OI tried to mount a come-
volleyball team. Last night WIIS back. but the Tritons picked up 
no exception as the Tritons dj~ their intensity level and held on 
posed of Division U Cal Slate to capture the opening set. 
DominguczHiUsinthrecSlnlight See W. v.uu.. Pace 11 



S2 SPECI'ACLE The UCSD Guardian October 1991 

Stormin' Dormin' classes. payinl biDs, picking up validation lIiclters and so on. 
First .. year students dig in and learn to survive life 

in the trenches without deserting the stonn 
BY SERGIO MANKITA . CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

T enninal partying, non-recognizable c8feceria food. bathrooms equipped to accommodate a battalion, living 
with semi-complete scrangcrs who 

have different ideologies, likes, dislikes, 
biases and, most of all. opinions. Is 
residential life really like Animal House? 

A first-year student muse cope with such 
a drastic change and an inflult of new 
information, habits and concepts - a new 
room, a new bed, a new set of peoplc to call 
friends, and if that isn't enough, add adult 
responsibilities such as laundry and 
balancing the checkbook. Definitcly sounds 
like a hair-pulling session. 

The physical nature and layout of the 
different on-campus housing compleltcs 
plays a key role in the first couple of days 
of meeting new people and forming those 
new bonds of friendship. 

"The apartment plans are terrible. We 
are so secluded that I haven't met anybody 
beside my roonlmates and my R.A .... says 
first-year Warren student Esti Mlynowski. 

"I have not encountered one uncool 
person at Muir." say Tioga re ident and 
first-year student Gary Kleiger. "Everyone 
is overwhelmingly friendly and excited to 
be here." 

Living with roommate or uitemate is 
an adjustment - we're exposed to a 

diversity of racial, cthnic and religious 
backgrounds. The key is something wc' ve 
been taught since kindergarten - sharing. 
whether it be something as insignificant as a 
Icnife to spread cream cheese or as monu-
mental as the toilet seat because the other 
one exploded. 

"My suitemates 
bonded instanta-
neously," eltplains 
Kathy Gallia, a 
Fifth College first-
year student. "We 
started talking 
about our love life 
and our problems 
and our insecuri-
ties and we real-
ized that we really 
weren'[ that differ-
ent." 

As for the touchy subject of private 
versus public areas, Louisa Cammidge. a 
Third College first-year student, cltplains 
that generally, " A closed door implies: 
leave nil! alone. Once you open that door 
you are inviting not only guests but 
distractions as well." In the end, one is 
forced to become more flel!.ible and learn to 
tolerate and live with such distraction . 

" I like the notion of coming and going 

HALF PRICE STUDENT RUSH AT ALL PERFORMANCES! 

4~ 
II. II 
tJITIJ 

A NEW MUSICAL 

THROUGH 
NOVEMBER 24 

ONLY! 
Book by John Bishop 
Music by Mel Marvin 
Lyrics by Bob Satuloll 
Based on the novel 

by Sinclair LewiS 
Directed by Des McAnuff 

Choreography by 
Marcia Milgram Dodge 

HaH price student rush tickets are available at all perfomlances to full·time 
students presenting valid student 10. Rush tickets go on sale one hour prior 
to curtain and must be purchased in person at the box office. Umit: two rush 
tickets per valid student 10. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION: (619)534-3960 
The La Jolla Playhouse Mandell WeiS$ Theatre is Located on the UCSD campus at 
the corner of La Jolla Viflage Drive and Torrey Pines Road. 

CItA8HOUII • CLU8 • COUIIITYAIID 

801 Fourth Ave. 
Aaosl from Honan Plale 

Val .. PI,lung Available 

233-1131 

without having to report to anyone," 
ref1ccts Mike Penjoyan, Third CoIIeae first-
year student 

Independence. freedom, no parents to 
nag you, to remind you of chores left 
unattended. to direct and conb'OI every 
minute of your life. First-year students 
quickly learn the multitude of tasks they 
must talce care of on their own: scheduling 

Then !here arc the scrumptious delica-
cies offered 81 dinins ConunOIlS. Saul Fine, 
a Warren first-year student says, "Basically. 
there's a hoi meal waitinl. It's not the most 
incredibly delicious thing in the world, but 
it fills the stomach." 

". always can)' a bottle of Peplo when • 
go to Anchorview," confesses Mickcy 
Witzum, a Revelle firsl-year scudent. 
Incoming first-year students often battle to 
adjust their bodies to the different, non-
Mom, cooking. 

Part of the trwISition from high school 
to collegc is the need for time IlIIIIIIF" 
menI. There arc so many activities going 
on thai we are easily tempted to cut 
class and go to the sand volleyball 
tournament illSlCad. 

"Once in a while you have to 
buckle down and set your priorities 

straight," reflects Melissa Hyatt. a 
Fifth College fU'SC-year student. 

"You may miss out on the 
memories. but there'lI 
always be good times." 

Beethoven and Guns N' 
Roses may live in our 
apanmcnt. the assigned 
reading may seem unread-
able. we may be one face in 

a classroom full of strangers 
and Mylanta shots may 

continue into the fifth week. but 
it's all just a transition. Adjusting to 

a kicked-back, relaxed atmosphere 
with near-perfect weather may seem 

tough. but sooner or later we'll all get used 
to it. 

We paid a million 
dollars lor the 
answers to this 
year's LSAr, GRE, 
GMAT and MeAT. 

We spend over a million dollars each year research· 
ing tests, Updating course 
materials, training teachers and 
evaluating students. No wonder 
no other company guarantees 
the score improvements we do. 
Call now to make our invest-
ment payoff for you. 

LlAT. GRI cIaMIlWt 0cIeM .. 
..... now! 

"'-Alt •• ., To 
• ..........,T ..... 

. (6f9) 695-9952 

~~ORD 
t}~ 

COFFEE HOll 
. \S'~ 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads \ • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups .J • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM • 5 PM • 7 DIYs I Week • 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Coun • Del ..... 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

October 21, 1991 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE S3 

Oh Say, Can You See the Sea? 
Del Mar residents say there's no view like 

an ocean view - and they enforce it 
BY SHARON l EIBOWITZ . CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

W ith the number of Jaguars, Porsches and Mercedes thai cruise down the streets of Del 
Mar, it might as well be a 

European IUltury-car showcase. Since it 
carne 10 prominence many years ago as a 
small vacation town for San Dicgan 
socialites. Del Mar has maintained its status 
as a popular beach town. largely through 
carefully direcred development 

Each year the Del Mar racetrack, Fair 
and Grand Prix attract a large number of 
tourists, butlhe quaintnes of Del Mar and 
its "beach-town" atmosphere are just as 
appealing to the residents. The city of Del 
Mar has consciously struggled over the 
years to maintain this small-town aura, and 
has implemented strict regulations and 
restrictions to achieve this end. 

Community development within Del 
Mar is regulated by its planning 
department. Bob Scott, a planner 
for the cily of Del Mar. describes 
the department as extremely "thor-
ough and rigid." 

Anyone wishing to build a private or 
commercial structure in Del Mar must go 
through a complelt review process. Besides 
obtaining standard permits from the Coastal 
Commission, the County Building Depart-
ment and gaining approval from the fire 
department, people wishing to build in Del 

Mar must submit their plans to a unique 
panel called the Design Review Board 
(ORB) for further inspection. 

The ORB was incorporated into Del 
Mar's planning department in order to 
preserve the city's dainty, subdued beach-
town appearance. Seven Del Mar residems 
sit on the ORB, and through both closed 
session and public hearings they decide 
whelher a builder's plans ''fit'' into the 
community' aesthetic scheme. 

The ORB maintains a powerful presence 
in the building approval process. The ORB 
is described in Del Mar zoning ordinances 
as being "intended to preserve ... Del Mar 
as a beautiful, pleasant, residen-
tial community ... [and] acts to 

This winter ••. 
SKI THANKSGIVING in UTAH 
Nov. 27 -Dec. 2 
Trip includes: 

• Round trip transportation 
• Deluxe accomodations 
• 4 days skiing & snowboarding 

dances, parties, refreshments & more 
• Only $269/per person 

38th ANNUAL 
ALL CAL WINTER CARNIVAL in 
VAIL-BEAVER CREEK, CO. 
Join all six UC ski clubs on this trip which includes: 

• Round trip transportation 
• 5-6 nights deluxe accomoclations 
• 4 days skiing & snowboarding 

dances, parties, broombal., picnics, 
refrelhments & more 

• Cost il $293/ground, $569/air, $393/bus 

~I(;\ I P F.~H Bfrrll THIP~\T TilE 
PHICE CE\TLH -:;I{D FI'(H}lC 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

protect propeny values. the natural environ-
ment, primary scenic views and the 
aesthetic quality of the community." 

TIle most controversial of the 55 
regulations that the DRB enforces states: 
''1l1e proposed development unreasonably 
encroaches upon primary scenic view of 
neighboring property." 

"The residents choo e to live here for 
the pleasure and privilege of owning a 
house with an ocean view." eltplains 
Barbara Plageman, secretary to the City 
Manager, on why people are so vocal about 
thi i sue. 

An equally substantiated argument is 
given by local architect Jeffrey Brown: "It's 
arrogance, plain and simple." He adds that 
residents contend. "I got mine, the hell with 
my neighbor." The incorporation of the 
ORB into Del Mar's building approval 
process indicates the degree to which its 
residents value their propeny investment 
and small-town 

atmosphere. 
Development in Del Mar has been slow 

and almost stagnant since 1980, according 
to Scott. This can be attributed to sever.u 
factors. 

"Del Mar is built out both privately and 
commercially." says Brown. "The future 
for Del Mar architects is in redevelopment." 

Census figures indicate .that Del Mar is 
the only city within San Diego County to 
report a decrease in population. This is due 
to the small amount of large scale commer-
cial development as well as the skyrocket-
ing cost of available land. 

Scon el!.plains that the zoning regula-
tion and rigid ORB re trictions do not 
make it cost-effective to build in Del Mar. 
The land has outpriced itself over the years 
and potential newcomers no longer see it as 
a worthwhile investment. The Mar Plaza 
and the Inn L·Auberge. both located on 
either side of 15th Street and Camino Del 
Mar. were completed in 1987 and represent 
the last of the city's large-scale commercial 

development. 
Landowners in Del 

Mar pay for the right 
to an ocean view. and 

the city's building 
approval process protects 

that right. 
"The ocean is more than 

Mother Nature's gift of 
beauty," says Barbara Stegman, 

a member of the city' s Planning 
Commission. " Being able to view it 

from your family room window 
represents a sound, wealthy investment." 

1IIIIAllJlIllIIJ 1111111 A' 1.1.1.1. 
For more informa6on call 

the RiSe office at 
534-4482 

Trip. by Sports America Tour. 
• • • • • • • • • • • 



How San Diego's premier alternative neighborhood struggles to maintain 
its character in the face of gentrification and development 

ers," one project insider explains. The plot 
went to auction. 

In 1987, biddin& on the space began. After 
the choice of developers was narrowed to 
three, the team of Oliver McMillan and Ted 
0dmarIc. were given exclusive negoliating 
rights, How the site was to be developed was 
strictly outlined by the city government. 

BY JOHN RICE. CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

As you walk down the tree-lined street. sun fi Itering through the looming ficuses above, you hope to do some afternoon window 
shopping. This is an area that's known for its 
quirky specialty hops and unique atmo-
sphere. and yet something is missing. You 
soon realize that as you look into the hop' 
windows a vast openness is all you see - the 
store is vacant. You go to the next window, 
another empty space. 

Walking along Fifth Avenue in Hillcrest, a 
vacant tore is no longer much of a·surprise. 
On the block between Robinson and Univer-
sity, 10 windowed facades are without 
merchandise, they have no inviting display , 
no enticing igns. 'They tand empty, reflect-
ing the growth patterns that have altered San 
Diego during the past decade. 

Hillcrest has never been an area knowll for 
following establi hed norms. As a center for 
alternative thinking, it is especially odd that 
the neighborhood might follow the "normal" 
San Diego growth patterns. Small shops are 
succumbing to franchise outlets and locaIly-
owned businesses are making way for 
corpornte enterprise . Although not experienc-
ing an intense "mall i fication" like that of La 
Jolla or Del Mar, Hillcrest recently has 
undergone marked changes in character and 
organization. 

'The area's geographic boundaries are 
defined as the Mission Valley canyon rim on 
the north and Upas Street (the northem edge 
of Balboa Park) on the south; Park Avenue to 
the east and Dove Street on the west. It is a 
vital community with a variety of residential 
types, housing many students from San 
Diego's three major universities, profession-
als, young familieS and a large population of 
senior citizens. Hillcrest is also known as the 
home for San Diego's gay and lesbian 

community. 
"The mixture of people in the area keeps 

Hillcrest interesting," one UCSD student 
living in Hillcrest says. "It's the most alive 
place I know of in Southern California." 

This diverse population has fostered the 
growth of an eclectic and unique business 
district. The core of that district, until recently, 
was located around Fifth Avenue at its 
intersection with University - under a flood 
of pink light emanating from the neon 
"Hillcre t" sign. 

In recent years that business center has 
shifted eastward, with new stores opening a 
rnile-and-a-half up University near Park 
Avenue. A single event can be seen as the 
cause for this shift. 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE lARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------~~~~~ning for $ 35 
Mullptesen'~ilCoupon . bp.11/~1 

Please ask about oor other 5C!fVices such as manicures and hoir core! 

--------------------COSTA VIIDI CINTla 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
San Diegq, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 

In 1984, the large Sears store that stood on 
University was demolished. leaving a 12.1-
acre site open for development. Olris Kehoe, 
former executive director of the Hillcrest 
Association, states that "such an opportunity 
very rarely comes along in an existing 
business district. Options for the land's use 
weR: wide open." 

Initially the city government bought the 
space from the Sears Roebuck Co. with 
tentative plans to build a public library. 
Feasibility studies conducted by the city 
indicated that the space could be bener used 
for other projects. 

"With the building boom of the '80s, it 
was clear that it would be more financially 
beneficial to sell the space to private develop-

"Density was to be kept at a minimum," 
remembers Kehoe. "They wanted a mixture of 
residential, business and community space 
incorporated into the desi8l1." 

Separate architectural firms were chosen 
for the two portions of the site. Lorimar-Case 
designed the residential space, a condo-
minium complex housing 3 10 units - 43 
units per acre. Office, restaurant and retail 
buildings were handled by SGPA Architec-
ture & Planning. 

Knowing the savvy and inlerCSllevel of 
the area's citizens, conununity involvement in 
the planning process was allowed for from the 
inception. Some local citizens were opposed 
to the whole thing. 1amenting the Iosa of an 
opportunity for a new library. Yet most 
seemed to be in favor of the development, as 
long as it did not destroy the neighborhood 
atmosphere. 

"Regular meetings were held where the 
community could give input and express its 
desires for the site's use," one design firm's 
representative assured. "For example, demand 
was made for a \arge grocery, so a Ralph's 
was included in the project. .. 

Once completed, the Uptown District, as 
the development came to be called, brought 
some uninvited changes. Some long-time 
residents we~ concerned that with franchise 
stores - such as Wherehouse Records, Great 
Earth Vitamins .... Olicks Natural ---.: came 
the deterioration of Hillcrest's unique 
neighborhood atmosphere. 

1hat sense of neighborbood has continued 
until now to make the area one of the most 
attractive in San Diego to divenc social 
SCJI1ICOIS, " Kehoe sr.tes. 

Unlike many pIIcea currently experiencing 
redeydopmelll in the San Diqo an:a. the 
S&JCCeII of HilJcrtat', businesses hII not beeII 

WELCOME BACK UCSD! 
Healthy minds nourished wilh fresh, 

cooked-Io-order Mexican food from Salsa Rio 
• NO LARDS • NO PRESERVAnVU • CHOLESTEROL FRU 

r99~' r FREE , 
I I I Bev .... 1 
LBEEF TACO~ I with any I 
Iucso COMBO -, L co~nation-1 
I IIftI IIco chmt tndMIt r- - - - -, to_und m. ,hipllnd 1 t FREE 
I- $2991 ~ : ..... ICheeNI 
L ___ -1 ~ lwith ~als: 
lIMn: ~rom the menu t 
"IIII-llpmclaitt - - - ....J 
Dine i1 Of '*ouI 453-4050 

the direct result of tourism capital. Local 
businesses have served local residents. 

"This is important in retail and service 
industries, since vendors are anxious to serve 
their regulars with special attention. and in 
return these patrons remain loyal to commu-
nity owned enterprises," explains a long-time 
resident. 

With corporate-owned chains infiltrating 
the area. the intimate customer-business 
relationship is in jeopardy. Having the 
expense of franchise operations -large 
advertising budgets, larger retail spaces and so 
on - corporate-owned stores need to have a 
larger draw. They 
must attract custom-
ers not only from 

the same manner as the OdmarlcJMcMillan 
project (the Uptown District)." 

Its tree-lined streets could become a dense, 
mixed-use, high-rise district. Evidence of such 
possible change is found both in the closure of 
many large retail spaces. leaving them 
vulnerable to the wrecking ball, and a new 
development on the comer of Washington and 
Fifth called the Village Hillcrest. 

No one can explain why there wasn't more 
community involvement in the planning of 
this latest Oliver McMillan project. Plans 
were approved and construction started on the 
site of an old parking lot without much public 

" 

She suggests attendance at the 
Hillcrest Association's regular 
meetings - held on the second 
Tuesday of every month at 5 p.m , 
in the Uptown District's commu-
nity room - as a starting place for 
anyone with something to say on the issue of 
Hillcrest's changing face. 

One topic in Hillcre t development at the 
moment is the proposal of height restrictions 
on all new buildings. Recent debates center 
around a suggested 9O-foot height cap on all 
newly proposed structures in the area. 

'This has not been agreed upon yet, but if 
people want to say 
what they think, now 
is the time when their 

SPECTACLE S5 

by its long time owners, the Hammond 
Brothers. Rather then tear down the 
building and construct something that 
would reach the present allowance of 200 
feet, the new owners have opted to 
refurbish it to maintain the block's 
charncter. 

HiUerest, but also 
from North Park, 
University Heights, 
downtown, Banker's 
Hill and Mission 
HiUs. 

It is clear, Hillcrest is changing rapidly. How that change is going 
to be manifest is not only in the hands of the developers. 
Hillcrest's citizens have the opportunity to give their input 

voices will be heard," 
Warren Simon of the 
Hillcrest Business 
Improvement District 
explains. The 
positive effects of a 

"This will hopefully allow local 
businesses to remain in the area at their 
present locations - if business picks up," 
Simon claims. At this point retail rents on 
Fifth have reached $2-3 per square foot, 
but with competition from the Uptown 
District and a lack of parking, many 
retailers find this an unmanageable 
expense. The refurbishment of the 
Hammond Building and the parking 
provided by the Village Hillcrest may aid 
in the return of the Hillcrest business core 
to the shaded sidewalks and familiar glow 
of Fifth Avenue. 

With an increase 
in customer draw, 
the close storeowner-
patron interaction is 
drowned The 
Uptown District 
Ralph's serves 36,000 people a week. This is 
not your neighborhood grocery store. With 
competition from larger stores. old 1ocaI-
patron based shops and services are forced to 
close or move to less developed areas. 
Neighborhoods that once possessed individual 
character and idiosyncracies are forced to 
confonn. 

The Uptown District, although architectur-
ally fitting into the local landscape, has 
facilitated such conforming. Neighborbood 
stores have worked to remain viable in the 
older buildings on Fifth Avenue, but even thai 
bastion of old Hillcrest is being threatened. 

"Present lJOIIina R:gulations would allow 
for the entire Hillcrest business district to be 
torn down," warns Peuy Goldstein of 
Uptown Planners. a volunreer comnunity 
planning group that addresses local dev~ 
ment issues. "b could then be developed in 

" PEGGY GOLDSTEIN 
Uptown Planners 

notice. Now that the Village Hillcrest is near 
completion, local citizens are beginning to 
express concerns. 

"It's huge!" is the most commonly heard 
reaction. The building looms at 100 feet and 
takes up an entire city block. Among the 
sulTOUnding retail buildings, few exceeding 
three stories, this "ViUage" seems out of 
place. It is anocher mixed-use development 
that wiD house a multiplex !healer. OVer 700 
parking speces, retail space and a c0ndo-
minium tower. It may, in fact. initiale a shift 
of the busineu core back towards the Hillcrest 
sign. but may do so while also brinsing the 
same changes created by the Uptown District. 

"It is clear, HiIk:Rst is chansina rapidly," 
says GoldaIein. "How that chlnge is going to 
be manifest is not only in the hands of the 
developers. Hillcrest's citizens have the. 
opportunity to give their input" 

community group's 
involvement in the 
development process 
is evidenced by the 
opening of the 
Thrifty store in the 

old Mayfair space at Robinson and Sixth. 
"When Thrifty purchased the vacant 

building, it intended to merely paint the place 
and open it up again," the Chair of a local 
business organization devulges. "We set up a 
series of site planning approval hurdles for 
them to jump over to use the space wisely." 

The community group wanted Thrifty to 
plant trees around the building and parking 
lot. They _ed the franchise drug store to use 
small signs appropriate for a neighborhood 
and they wanted some level of refurbishing to 
be done to the aging structure. "It took two 
years of fighting but I think the results are 
clearly worth it," the Cbair concludes. 

Other movements in Hillcrest fight radical 
changes while seeking to retain neighborhood 
qualities. 1be Hammond building, an old but 
comfortingly familiar building on the comer 
of Fifth and University, has recently been sold 

The battle between "village and 
volume," as Simon calls it, continues. 
While plans are under way for another 
mixed-use development at Fifth and Laurel 
called Laurel Park Plaza, which will stand 
130 feet above street level and occupy one 
city block, community planning groups 
such as Uptown Planners and the Hillcrest 
Association debate the possibility of height 
and density restrictions. Now is the time 
for members of the community to voice 
their opinions. 

"Growth in Hillcrest is a constant reality," 
Goldstein comnents. "New businesses are 
oonstandy opening (118 in the last year). But 
I think iI's still possible to maintain a small 
town atmosphere and keep growth manage-
able." These hopeful sentiments are shared by 
many local residents, but stand as a challenge 
to the many developers who believe that 
maximum density is the path to maximum 
profit 

BELLA SALON 
PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(POSitions Limited) SUSHI AND DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyoki in Town" 
We lielp people find tlie lOOk 

tliat is best for them. 
Servius offeret1: 

Conttmporary fiair stylm,9, .7Valllralliair colOring, '71ierapcutic scalp 
mas5ll!Jt, Spiral perms, 7rmcfj braids, tru style analysis and 

consulto.rklns, 'f.rdJing party srylts. 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 
training you can find! 

EARN $6-$12,000+ while 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992. 
Call 

1-800-KALL-UPP today 

YAKIMONO 
Japan .... Foo. .J ~ U C 5 D 5 PEe I A L ~ .. _._. .. 

• TERIYAKI $399 : 
: CHICKEN DINNER • 
• Indudao rico. oaIod and """,. NoI...tid w;.h any oIhor oH.r. Eoop. 11/./91 • .._ .. _ .. __ .. _ .... __ . 

La Jolla Colony Plaza 
7Tl8 Regents Rd. #501 (Yons Shoppmg Center) 
Tal. ~ oOaiIaIlIa. w. also oIIw caIaring ..Mces. 

452-4255 
HOURS: 11 :~ am·9 pm (Mon.·1hun.,. 11 :30 am' 1 0 pm (Fr. & Sat.l. 5·9 pm Sundays 



S6 SPECf ACLE 

4l5O Regent. Pt.rk Row (DIn \0 ADUIonTI It UlllA Jola 1LI.rl1aC&) 
687-3680 

Contelt '011 Lhru Oct. 31. 1991 

Just ask around campus. 
You 'll find Bank of America is known for 

straight answers, quick turnaround and reliable 
follow-through . 

A degree of service you won't find just 
anywhere. 

That's one of the reasons Bank of America 
has been the #1 provider of Student Loans 
in California for three years running, as well 
as one of the leading lenders nationwide. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SHAIIEN wi be at 
!i.l@~@m71~ID wa[{J)J~ 

for an 
IN-5TORWSTE PARTY 

on 1'hIndIr. 0cIaber 24 .... 4 to 5 p.m. 
Hear the new IIIAIIEN release 

ENTACT 

LISTEN FOR SHAMEN S INTERVIEW ON KSDT 95 7 FM - CABLE FROM U~SD 

Choice ot Loans. BofA offers three types of 
student loans: StaHord Student Loans, Supple-
mental Loans for Students, and Parent Loans 
for Students. Favorable rates and maximum 
amounts range from $2,625 to S7,500 per year~ 

Call Toll-Free. To receive an application or tor 
more information, call toll-tree1-SOO-252-7526, 
8:00 am to 5:00 pm Pacific Time (Mon.-Fri.). 

So pick up the phone and let BofA take the 
worry out of your student loan. 

m 
BankofAmerlcll 

_ot_HTISA'_1'OIC 

1 live in 
North 
Park.. It 

October 21, 1991 

isn't very srudent-oriented but 
there is a diverse grouping of 
people that you wouldn't fmd 
in a sntdem-oriented location. 
I guess what it all depends on is 
what you consider "student-
oriented" but I've seen so-
called "srudent-oriemed" on 
campus. I wouldn't trade North 
Park for the raddest srudent 
apartmem on campus, dude! 

Patrick Treese. Muir 
Senior. Visual Arts 

Arena 
Where do you live? 
Is it a good place for 

students? 
Photographer: Alex Klyusner 

Condo 
Hell 

(Trieste Apartments -
Regents and Mahaila) . It's sort 
of like donn life all over again 
in that the complex is made up 
of lots and lots of students 
compacted imo a very little, 
tiny space. Yeah, it's OK, it's 
dose to the grocery store. 

I live in 
Solana 

Sarah Gahl, Muir 
Senior. Sociology 

Beach, because we've got a big 
house with lou of trees and a 
yard for the dog and don't pay 
much rent. 

Darrin DeLoach, ThinI 
Senior, Visual Arts 

The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE S7 

Arena 
Where do you live? Is it a good place for students? 

Photographer: Alex K/yusner 
I live in PacifIC 
Beach. It is an 
excellent place for 
students. It's 
reasonably close to school and very 
close to the beach. PB night life and 
other necessities are all within biking 
distance. 

Matt Olson, Warren 
Junior, Computer Science 

Res Halls are 
happening and we 
have killer food at 
the Oceanview 
restaurant. Also, 
our R.A. is way 
cool. 
Anadica Stone, 
Third 
lst year, Undeclared 

Res Halls are cool 
'cause they are near 
the beach and near 
Oceanview Terrace 
restaurant and suites 
make it easier to meet 
more people. 
Gina Mercer, Third 
1st year, Undeclared 

I live in Lemon 
Grove at home. It 
is really cheap 
since I don't pay 

rent, but the commute is way too long. 
But then again I get free food. 

Chris Berk, Warren 
Senior, Physics 

How American Express 
helps you cover more territory. 

For less money. 
Become a Student Cardmember today and 
get 3 roundtrips on Continental Airlines, 
for only Sl29 or $189 each. 
Only the American Express· Card offers an exciting travel program 
exclUSively for studems- including three roundtrip certificates on 
Continental Airlines. And much, much more. 

Just look at the map and pick the place youtllike to visit. If 
it's on your side of the Mississippi River, you can use a certificate 
to Oy for only '1~ roundtrip. Or you can cross the 
Mississippi for '189 roundtrip. 

You have your pick of more than 150 cities in the 
48 contiguous states. And you can fly almost any time-
because there are no blackout dates. But you must 
make your reservations within 14 days of the day you 

leave. And the maximum stay is 7 days/6 nights and must include 
a Saturday nighl. 

By becoming a Student Cardmember, you'll also enjoy other 
benefits from the American Express· Student Privileges- Program. 
Such as up to 30 minutes·· of MCI long·distance calling every month 
for an entire year- absolutely free. And that's just one example of 
how the Card can help you save. 

For just '55 a year, the Card gives you all these savings. And 
it's easy to apply JUSt call us (have your bank address and account 
number on hand)' What's more, with our special student offer, it's 
easier to get the Card now while you're still in school than it may 

ever be again. 
So get the Card. And get ready to cover new terri· 

tory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 
-Mlnnnpolls,S. PJul ,S. Louis and NtwOriMnJarrconslCitrtdclfIM easldlht: Massls.$lpp Rim 

-It. credle duplo .3 70 fOf clll~wlli appeaton each btlli n{l Slllement for 12 monchsan~~roll 
tn('flf " 10 iJequal lOItw: chargo(or2dornesrlC 30 m.n..le niShl /Wffkrnt Mel Card Comp:lll 
btlJI)'call and approprIate surcharges 'fbu must rn,otl (or this se-rv.ce by DKnnbtf ,I, t991 

Membership Has Its PrIvileges· 

CALL l-BOO-942-AMEX ___ __ Continental 
/f),ou'N! aJrwuIy a CardrMmbe~ tbere's no nf!ed to call. Informal/on about your certificates Will be arriving $00". 

CGIIpItw _ ... _ 01 ..... uM .... wtll _ willi ,",,' __ c..._aI Aldl ......... it ........... for 'ullll_ of .hlS .... A .... te.n Elpma wu .... 110 IIIbIIIIT for """'110.01' .,dl ... • porforaI.1Itt 0 1991 A_n Elpma Tr....t lei • ..., _ ~"l\ IftC 



•... ., ..... ~ 
. 80 m-4'30p m -fridoys80 m.103p m. The Languap 
........... proYldesOMIslonce Iowdenls who5e naive language 
IS not &dIsh and 10 tose oo.ng WOIl in.lopc:!ne5e. itJIion. 
Spon.sh. French. Gelman. Vaeilorne5e and ~u5Sion . A diagnostic 
lest on wrlileO English as a second language is available on 
requesl. Col 534-2284 101 mae information. Old SIudent 
Cenle!. SuaHng A. Roan 214. 

.... ., ....... ....., 
. 8 o.m -4 pm. - The OASIS Writing c.m.r is a hee 
5efVice 101 01 UCSO wden~. We elfer one 10 one wri~ng 
conferences lor Off'( type el wrl~ng pfOjed - ocodemic papers. 
persord sIotemen~ even stories and poems. Our stoll cI ~ained 
IKldefgrcxilc:lles. who come hom a vorietycl ocodemic di50Pines. 
con help yoo become a mae effective wrile!. Can 534·2284 
10 make on appoinlmenl a drop by our oIfice in lie Old SIudent 
Cenle!. Building A. Room 214. Evening appointments 0150 
available 
• 8 a.m ·4.30 pm. - let OASIS 5tucIy Management 
Center helpyoo lhisquorterWlIh time monogement. noteloldng. 
midterm prepaahon. ond tesHciing ~ategies. Slop by York 
I-d 4010 a cdl534-7J44 10 set upa personal appointment. 
Also Wy on ile Icxiout for !hose valuable OASIS Slody SkiDs 
Wenshops. 
• 8 0.m.-4.30 p.m. - Come 10 the OASIS Scholar'. 
Writing Workshop !Of assislonce wi;' y::M wriing projeds. 
We cler individual and group tubing. Slop by Yen Hoi 4070 
a col 534-7344 10 set up on oppoinment. 

...., ... ........., 
. 7·10 p.m. - LOlA study hours. Come out and study CoO 
534CAYS 101 mae infamolion. 7th Iloa. Cenllal Ublory. 

...... .." ..... 2~ 
• 12-1 P m. - PNdudnt 0rganiIati0n: Annobting. 

OU~lrung . underlining. dossilic.otion chons. Yen Haft 4010. 
Free. 

... ...." ..... M 
• 4 p.m. - C •• 1iIIw Science slldent/loctAty meeting. 
Cognitive Science maps ond minOfs. ocW and potential. Ole 
lllViiad 10 come meet wi;' ile deporinent ~. Bring y::M 
comments. suggesions. and quesIions. The rev~ prerequisites 
wit be~. C58 003. 

•.. .., .... ....., 
• 10 0.m.·3 p.m. - 'Men was ile IosI ime somebody 
commenIed on yoor physicoIlmess level? Wei. ~ yoo spend 
more ilon a couPe cl nilnules 10 recoil. maybe it is lme lor yoo 
10 be cheded out by our fIIstap ,..... .... Sign up fa y::M 
desired day and Nme on ile second Roor cI $Went Hea;, Cenle! 
and we WI. be hew! 10 help yoo. free. 

......" ..... 21 
. 2 p.m. - Hey 01 yoo men out therel Do yoo wont 10 be b-ed 

~ Show ilern ilot yoo ooderslond and core. Come 10 
a conIroIlnlonnalion ...... and 1ecm about !de 
sex and bitil contel met.ods 101 bolt sexes. WOOlen. rON yoo 
knoN where 01 ile cOO dudes wit be. 50 we expect 10 see you 
.... e ~I $Went t-ieoIfl SeMce. 2nd Iloa. 

"' •• .., ...... 22 
• 11 a.m. and 1 pm. - Heyl fl's two b Tuesdayl Today..: 
ho.e two chances 10 arl 2 Wrth conIroI IIftrma 
........ YOIX nrs! chance begins at 11 a.m. Don't miss irt 

~ inbmolion and great g.iveowoys! $Went HeOil 
SeMce. 

...... .." ..... 2~ 
• 10 a.m. - WI$/! women wilness WednesOOy's W" 
w.n.n WorIuhop. Tady iiloing kids ore told 10 yoo 
iln. Sanguine slldents 5pd el sexuality. soIub-ity. and 

~. II's iInpOfkn and inlaresling! SkIdent HeOil Service. 
• 1 p.m. =-AIe you IeeMg tiled. bored? Pve classes not be 
sIinUoIing? We've got ~ 10 gel yoo up! We'. bit wi;' 
yoo about sex fa a Whole hou! IIOh boyl) No. ilis is not a 976 
runber. This is heel Come 10 OIX ... conIroI w.. 
...... and gel 01 ile juicy detliIs. SNdenI HeoIIh Service. 
2nd Iocr. 

-=, ...... M 
• 10a.m. -Hopp."lkli NoIionsDayI Tocelebt-ote. wt,ynot 

come 10 a Birth ControIlnfonnation Se.Jion and learn. 
ell about coMocepIive opIions and soler sex! We'U 0150 give 
you on oIfidol condom 10 commerTlOfote this great dayl Student 
HeOil Service. 2nd Roar. 
. 1 p.m. - Howwouldyoo like power? Here'syoor choocelo 
ga;o ile power el lnowledge! Come 10 0 W.II Woman 
SIuion and learn 011 Ihot you hiends don't know. They'. 
wonder wt,y yoo're so heal" and with it. Isn't knowledge a 
wonderful tool? Sludenl Health Service. 2nd Roar. 

....., ..... "..., 
• 8 a.mA p.m. - 5IGI pIu.: 8 step soItwore package that 
allows you 10 ind"rviduoly assess yoor values. skiDs and inle!e~ 
10 identify appropriate occu lions and receive de5criplive 
inlormolion about ilem. 81~eIiminory aienlotion Wlih on 
odvisorrequired. then two 2flour sessions available on computer . 
SchedlAe oppoinhent at Reference Room desk. Career Services 
Cenle!. S 10 . 
.9 a.m.·4 p.m. - The AuociatM Students Intlmlhip 
ORb invites tnlergroduoles in on majors 10 toke odvonklge 
el OIX services: 1ecm how on inle!nship can pravide yoo with lie 
experience and job training Ihot a classroom education cannot 
clfer. Be prepared belae it is too lale! We can also help yoo 
improve yoor resume. ro.'er letter. and inlelview skills. /vIoking 
conbcls and gelling hoodsQl work experience increases 'fOIX 
chances lor postgraduate em~t. Drop by our elfice a coli 
534-4689. Price Center, 3rd Iloa. room 3.303. 

•••• .." 0cteIIer 21 
. 1:304 pm. - Dnlp-in Advising Hoo-s. fa help~nding 
desirable porHime employment. determining career gools. 
searching lor jobs a exploring prelessionol or graduate school 
opporUlilies. No appointment necessary. just walk in. Career 
SeMces Cenle!. 

. 2 p.m. - MarbtabliResume Workshop. Lean how 
10 make a pooNve hrs! impre5Sion will y::M resume. COIeer 
Services Center. 
• 3-5 p.m. - Support Group for Gracluat. Women 
Support group 101 women doing graduate WOIl in science a the 
humonibes. Leaders: Reina Joorez. 534·3875. and /vIoureen 
Maison. Call 101 stgrtUp HSS 2101. 
. 4·5 p.m. - Mlxicana/Chicana Support Group. A 
group 10 discuss ocodemic. personal and social experiences. 
Leader. Lndsoy Calderon. 534'()249. CoB 101 sigrtUp. Irvine 
Room. Price Cenle!. 

~,"""22 
• 1 0:30 a m.·12· 30 p.m. -:- On-Ca...-a: 1nIIt1nll1r.wi.~w~"'iII",1IIII 
Skills for ProN.JionaISchooi AdmIssion. See ~seII 
on videoIope dUring a ITlCX! interview. prodlce and gain 
leedbod. Prefegisler at the upstairs counle!. Career SeMces 
Center. 
• 1 p.m. - Interviewing 5kl11 Workshop. This workshop 
teaches yoo technaques required 10 be successhA in the interview 
process. Career Services Center. 
• 1-3 p m. - RED I: A wOOshop for wden~ who wont 10 be 
mae aware el ile rcles lood and weight ploy in ileir lives. 
Leaders: ReinaJUOfez. 534·3875. and Sam' Bollinger. Coli 101 
sign-tJp. HSS 2148. 
• 1 :304 p.m. - Drop in Advising Hours. Fa help wilh 
career goals. job hunting. resume prepaotion a exploring 
prclessionol a graduate school OWOfUlilies. No appoinment 
necessary. jus! walk in. Career Services Cenle!. 
. 4·5:30 p.m. - Un.rgracIuate Women'. Group: A 
group locusing on concerns el undergraduate women. leaders: 
Equil10 luke. 534·3585. and Sam Boninger. Col fa oppoinrnent. 
HSS 2025. 
. 4-6 p.m. - Identifying Your Ca ....... In-depIh 6 hour 
workshop. October 22.24. and 2Q. using group discussion ood 
seIf.ossessment inventories el values. persona~ty. inle!e~ and 

skills 10 identify the most appropriate career opions. Includes 
introduction 10 ~efefence ~oom reseach materials. ~egisler a 
Reference Room desk. Career Services Cenler. S 10. 
. 6-7.30 pm. - The second ""ogrom fa ile Fa. Workshop 
Series sponsored by ~JatIve Action and ttum.t 
Relations Programs; 'CommunicoNng 1v::J00 CulMes' IS a 
workshop designed 10 enhance the unclerslonding el ile growing 
diversity in OIX society. RIVerSIde/Davis ~oom . W:=-Od .• ., 2~ 
• 12 p.m. - ~ 10 Teacher Eclucation 
Programs K·12. klleresied in teaching? Find out about 
educoion programs and the aeden~ol process. Career Services 
Cenler. 
• 12.~.m. - The firs! d Faa workshop .... 
apon by Afflrmatiw Action ancl Human 
Relations Prograrna; 'The Changing Demographics in 
America' is a videO presenbtion 10 be IdIoWed by a discussion. 
Riverside/Davis room. Free. 
• 1 :30-4 p.m. - Drop In Advising HOIXs. fa help wi;' 
career goals. job hlJ1ijng. resume prepaolioo a exploring 
prelessionol a graduate school ~ities. No oppoini'nerl 
necessory. jus! walk in. Career Services Cenle!. 
• 3 p.m. - What Does the Future HoIcI far AMES 
Majors? Panel el e><perts hom aerospace. defense and 
biotechnology industries will discuss fuue outlook. Career 
Services Cenle!. 
• 6:308 p.m. - Lesbian and lisexual Women'. 
aupp.rt group. led by Che!i and U50. We're a wee«Jy. 
conladenliol aop in group fa women inleresled in discussing 
persord concerns and sociel issues in a comforloble. suppcrive 
environment. Col David at 534·3987 a the WOOten's Resource 
Center. 534·2023. free. 

,..,.." 0cIeIIer M 
• 11 :30 a.m. - Efhcti¥. Job Search Strategy. There 
are a \/Oriety el ways 10 loci 101 WOIl. Come learn Obout lie 

Services CenIer. 

stOlegies ilot wOO basi. Career ~ 
Cenle!_ 
• 1-2 :30 p.m. - ()y.re .... ln. 
c:on.,ulsM ...... : Group (a women 
who diet and binge_ Focus on ~ 
coping skits. leader . Equilo luke. 534·3585-
HSS 2025. 
• 1-2:30 p.m. - AaIIt ChIcIren eI 
DMrc.: A group Iocu~ on impod el 
parental diVOfce on family inlefodions. 
rebionship issues and sef.esIeem: leader: 
May McNootjIm. 534{)253_ Col lor ~ 
up. l003GH. 
. 1:JO.S p.m. -Drop-inAtlwWntHOlXs. 
fOf help finding desirable porHime 
employment. determining coree! goals. 
$8OIching b jobs a exploring IXclessiOnoI a 
graduate school opporlunities. No 
0WCJininen necessary. jus! wol in. Cor.-
Services Cenler. 
~.m.-""""""Gra." 0pIi0ns: counseling. psydwJIogy 
and social work. There Ole ~ ecb:aIionaI 
pciIs 10 a prclessiona coreer in counseling 
and met*lI heoItI. Get inIonnotion oboutYOfX 
opions. prepaolion lor and admission b 
these programs. ear- SeMces CenI8I. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - lID I: A group b 
wdenIs v.+-o wont 10 Ixeok ile ~ 
c.,de d buWnio. leaders· Equilo uI.: 534-
3585. and p., CocoIo. Col EquIc beb. 
corning. HSS 2025. 
.6:308 p.m. - Gay and ilia_ 
MIn'. Support ..... led by peer 
counselors David and SIeve. We're a weelIy • 
mmaI. corIidrioI ~ lor wdents who 
wonIlo discuss issues :r shore concems in 
a comIonobIe. support.oe environment. ~ 
ins welcome. a col 534-3987 a 534-3755 
lor mae iIhmoIion. ~ Vrew lru1ge. 
Third CoIege. 

....." ..... 2. 
• 11 a.m. - Marb, •• I ......... 
WotIuhop. l.eom how 10 mole 0 po5iM 
firs! inpression wi;' y::M rewne. Coreer 

. 12·1 :30 p.m. - ,-"Allan c...,~ ..... : 0I0p-
in group addressing concems el Asia\/Pock blonder wdents. 

leoders:jeome~. 534-3035. and VNion Chee. t-IoxDt 
V_lounge. 
. 2-4 p.m. - AbhoI and .......... 0Nup: 
Suwortive envil'OMl8Ol b c:b:ussing prOOlems reIoIed 10 oIcoIicl 
ood sOOsba abuse. leader: Don Mroz. 534-1579. ReveIe 
Col. PreY. ()I. . 
.4-6 p.m. - c.......,. IIack ..... : WormoI group lor 
AfriconAmericon ..... leader: ~ Raphael. 534{)252. 
IvIoIrilin V_ Ioooge. 

"'11 •• ' ...... 22 
• 12·1 p.m. 0. ..... .,. AI....,._ meeIing. APaM 
2301. 
• 5 : J07:~ s£: CNercorne ywr fec:. d p!ic spdingl Visit u.w.- '_IInII"'n. MAAI:. COrI. Room 111.,\ 
lsouil el Price ). 

• ...... .." 0 ••• ., 2~ 
.4 p.m. - SpecIal ....... first meeIing. ~ 10 0Irf0I'iI 
inle!esIed in presenling comedyet:. 0Il£SD. <M finI-.lwos 
comeOOn Edward jodmon <bing Wfkoote W • . T8A, col 
534-4119. 
• 5 p.m. - ........... CIuIt generoI meeIing. Open 10 01 
interested. Speaker. Hype!Ieoming on hi! weAT Ieview 
course. Davis/~iverside Room. 
• 5 p.m. - Asioo American culue is not jusllimiIed 10 Chow 
Main and Chop Suey. join IIIIt Welt ......... LCSO's 
Asioo/Pocific Islandei American jOfXnoI. os we.pore issues el 
commonalities ... CoIl.eng a 26(} 1882 a &0016220077 
lor mae inbmoIion. Rm W7. 2nd floor el ad s.dentCenI8I. 
oOO.oe Sclt ~eserves . 

..... ', .... M 
.7-8 p.m. - A.S.1nIIrr", ORb .... ,..... learn 
obcM IIOIuctlIe inlemship opporUIilies in ile U. S .• inducing 

W~ D.C. and New Yen. u,dergroduotes in 01 majors 
welcome. ~ decxlineslor NoIionoI Progromapproocn 
5000. Col 534-4689 fa mae irhmotion. C-.oIery A, Price 
Cenler. next 10 Game Room. 

....." ...... 2. 
• 10 a.m. - ........ AInIrican SIucIent AIIancIe 
oAuol OIgOIIizaIiongenerol meeing. lrvine Room. PriceCena. 

.....,.0 •.•. '. 
• Ala ·Oct ......... dinner leoMing on ouOon and 
eliIIlIDIlIIl8I' wi be held by UCSO's Sam and Rose Slain 

~ lor Research on Aging. Tidets lor fie MIll at ile Focully 
Cl.O ore $75 per peooii. tor inbmoIion col 5346388. 
.6 p.m.-12 a.m. -. is a dinner/donce held by MICItA 10 
welcome IteW wdents and reuning wdenIs . • is ile first social 
-.I el ile ~. Dinner wit consill el come osodo will side 
orders and a donce willoIow dawoId. InIemoionoI Cenler . 

• ...... , ....... 2t 
• 8 p.m.-12 a.m. - Come b 1iIIImaIioI ... CIuIt'S 
HoIooNeen Portyt Cosa.ne conIesI Iwifl prizesI. dancing ... 
R.Nl1n1amo1iono1 Cenier. Sol .. Oct. 26. 8 p.m.-12 miOOight. 
AI Welcomel ~aoI Cenler. 

... ,. 
• 3 p.m. - A 90 mrue :-ding bJr d ile beoIMuI LX:SO 
conpIS, incWing some el fie oUIdoor sculpue in h Slot 
CoIacIon. wiI be clIered SIMoys. Oct. 20 10 April 26. by ile 
UCID YWIen " .. ca. The bn wiI leave from ile 

~LIi"'a" PoviIion on Gilman Drive. The 'Soodoy SurueI 
Tan' ore ~ee and desiQned primarily lor 00ub. There is a 
IIIirWIIoIIXIbIa lee. cJ 534-4414 kr re58Mllions. 

...... , ..... ..... 
• PInt ............ c.ntw. •• _ ..... 
..... tw. IoaJIId 011. Town and eoor.y HoIeI in Son 
D!.ego. l-t/1)05IM women, heoItI core prOliders. ~ heoIf, 
aIicds. ~. and odo.oc:aIM from noIionoI and NIgionoI 
pilk policy orgoniZDIions Ole irMIed b examine ways 10 
increas8 and iInpIowe 5eIYices lor women in ~Mriion. 
....... ond 1e58OrCh. Scxwored by UCSD Cenler 
and eo.ehensNe ~ Center. fa IIIOftI inIonnotion a b 
legisllflew ile ~ col I80OI 533-7667 a in Son Diego 
16191264-1200. 

...... ' ...... M 
• 12 p.m. - The ........ D.p ., ... pr8Wilsa 
semiro by )IdiII MIA d h UC Berkeley EInc SkOe 
Oapcnnent. She wit presenI a paper enMed. 10 Beedy h 
World· 1'bfI American PreCci.nbion M os Text: Room 
3415 Ii. Bldg. 
.7p.m. - ............. '1heCL',,~~. 
ond American Oamocroty.' ExC~ cIicer. firs! k> ga pille k> 
p!OIIsI C~ SIWOfI d QUe, pcAitical 0550SSin0i0fls. ddI 
squads. and oroerfwow d democrolic ~ IYAa d 
"Nide ile ~ CIA Diary'. wed from ile US lor 16 

Sc* Iecue HoI 107. 

....... .,. 0 I in U 
.6 p.m. - f Car "load. ty OIX sUtent supper cooled by 
townspeople. ___ Idee! donoIon: $2. Spon5or: h 
......... C. • ..-,.oIUCSD. ~~onCluch. 
OCIOS$ ile .... from RMIe CoIege. 
.7 p.m. - .... ......, sponscQd by h 1.ufler(JI Campus 
t-Jnky d UCSO. lhvenity 1.ufler(JI Church. ocroo h ~eeI 
Iran ReveIe CoIege. 
.8 p.m. -~ ..... 1.I.fIu. God ..... 
Our ....... . wit be presenled by Campus 
Posb john~. ~ ~ Ouch. 

...... 0 .... '27 
• 10: 15 a.m. - The ~ wenhIp hour wit locus 
on ile orriN«uy el ile Proleslanl ReIoonotiOn. Campus Pastor 
john ~wit preach. lkWersily luhton Ouch. 0000 ile 
5InIet ~om ~ CoIege. 

~ 

I 

r 
~ 
i 

J 
I 
w 
:-
.... 

~ 
.... 


