
Crowned a Champion 

Team captain Alex Savala celebrates after the UCSD men's soccer team won the national 
championship yesterday with a 1~ victory over Trenton State. Chris Hanssen scored the 
Tritons' only goal off a pass from Mike Alberts. Story in Sports, page 20. 

Student Credit 
Union to Close 
• Accounts will be transferred 
to parent company, U.S.E., says 
vice president of marketing 
By Mary Betty Heard 
News Editor 

After a year of planning and a little more 
than one year of operation, the UCSD Student 
Credit Union will oon be closing its doors. 

"This was not an easy decision," said Re-
becca Wall , vice president of marketing forthe 
University and State Employees (U.S.E.) 
Credit Union. "In many ways, [the Student 
Credit Unionl was very successful. " 

U.S.E. is the parent credit union of the 
Student Credit Union, which opened last Sep-
tember. 

According to Wall, the U.S.E. Board of 
Directors voted last Wedne day to clo e the 
Student Credit Union. U.S.E. i to meet this 
Wednesday with UCSD officials to discuss 
the details of the closing. 

Wall also said that UCSD will decide the 
fate of the ATM machine in the Student Cen-
ter, which is the only machine on campus to 
distribute money in mult iples of $1 O. 

Wall said that the closing is a result of hard 
economic times. "These are lean times, and 
overhead expenses are looked at more care-
fully ," she said. 

In better fi nancial times, she added, U.S.E. 
could afford to take on "philanthropic" projects 
like the credit union. Wall estimated that the 
Student Credit Union was costing U.S.E. 
$17,000 per month. 

See CREDIT, Page 9 

TG Petitioners Hope Professor Receives Death 
To Revive Tradition Threat from Upset Student 

• Many students in Psychology 60 have recently complained 
By ErIc Sct.nIdt 
Associate News Editor 

In an effort to bring free 
beer back to the TGs, stu-
dents organized last week 
to attempt to gather 9,()()() 
student and faculty signa-
tures on a "Save the TGs" 
petition. 

"We were tired of hav-
ing the TGs sitting in 

that Epstein is unfair and inconsistent in teaching methods 
By Dan Gebler 
Staff Writer 

from the California State University 
system. 

Epstein said he was disturbed by the 
phone call, but he added that he was not 
afraid: "It was either very funny or very 
serious, depending upon how you look 
at it." 

limbo," said Darold Massaro, an organizer of the petition 
drive. 

The limits of student protest to a 
professor's teaching methods may have 
been stretched too far Wednesday when 
psychology Professor Robert Epstein re-
ceived a death threat on his telephone 
answering machine from an unknown 
student in his Psychology 60 statistics 
class. 

Upon receiving the message, Epstein 
contacted the Psychology Department 
chair and the University Police Depart-
ment. 

The death threat message mentioned 
that since Epstein showed a particular 
movie in class last Tuesday, he should 
"prepare to die tomorrow." The voice 
was disguised so as not to reveal the 
gender or background of the caller. 

According to Massaro, nearly 4,500 students and 20 
faculty members had signed the petition by Friday. Massaro 
said the petitioners want to gather signatures from 50 percent 
of the campus' students and faculty to make a good case. 

Petition tables were set up last week in the Price Center 
and at the Hump in front of the gym. About 20 volunteers 

See PETITION, Page 2 

As of yet, the threat has not been 
investigated. Threatening homicide is a 
felony inthestateofCalifomia, and when 
threatening a university faculty member 
the punishment is permanent dismissal 

The film referred to in the call was 
one in a series of 26 statistical films of 
which Epstein will show eight thisquar-
ter. As Tuesday's film concerned the 
statistics involved with testing the u e 

See THREAT, Page 7 

SAAC, Councllmembers Say Racial Bias Exists in A.S • 
.,o.n",-
Staff Writer 
.... ...,.Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

In two recent unrelated incidents, 
members of the Associated Students 
(AS.)council have been accused of 
racial bias in judging candidates for 
appointments. 

Last Wednesday, VictorNieblas 
received final approval from the 
AS. council for his appointment as 
the A.S. repraentative to the Regis-
tration Fee Committee, after a 
Ienathy appointment procedure 
wbidl _ ..... by anomillllion 

process deemed unconstitutional. 
A1though his appointment is now 

secured, Nieblas and members of 
the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC) have charged 
that the A.S. council exhibited ra-
cial bias in questioning him about 
his qualifications and unnecessarily 
prolonged his appointment process. 

It was also disclosed that some 
councilmembers questioned the ~ 
pointment of Muir College Senior 
Senator Marna Riser and Muir 
sophomore Michelle Roberts as co-
chairs of the Culture Quest FestiVal, 
an ewnt which i allocated $1 O,()()() 

by the A.S., because they are white. 
A.S. President Agustin Orozco ad-
mits to having raised such ques-
tions. 

The allegations of racism during 
Nieblas' appointment process 
prompted the UCSDadministralion 
to request an explanation from 
Orozco. In a written statement ad-
dressed to thecouncil, Orozco called 
the issues raised by SAAC valid, 
and stated, "A1though I do believe 
that there are a few members of 
council that are insensitive towards 
these types of issues, I do not be-

See A.a., Page 3 

Victor Nieblas says that the A.S. 
made inappropriate assumptions 
about his judgement. 



2 NEWS The VCSD GurdiaD Monday, Noftmbca-2S, 1991 

Members Allege Administrative Interference Is an Attempt to Oust Coops 
• Canuthers says the university has no ulterior motive in changing status of Groundwork Books due to unstated policy violations 
By 5uDnne PonIIh Scott Kessler, a university em- night in which representatives from Books will not have to compete 
Staff Wrir~r ployee and a co-founder of the co- all of the co-ops discussed the against commercial vendors for its 

UCSD co-op members allege op5 in the late 1960s, said. "The administration's actions. Howard space in the student center. 
that last week's administrative dec- administration is using a 'slow ero- said thar the co-ops plan to ignore In a memo to Groundwork, 
laration of Groundwork Books as sion' 5tJ'ateBy to get rid of the coop- the violation alleplions until the Carruthers wrote, "I wilJ neaOOaae a 
an autonomous entity is pan of the eratives on the UCSD campu ." He administration cites a specific PPM 'contract' similar to legal agreements 
univeristy adminislJ'lltion 's ongo- indicated that the administration has code violation. with existing vendors. located in the 
ing struggle against the existence of two main motives for attempting to Lauren Padilla, the co-book- University Centers, and/or industry 
the co-ops. remove the co-ops from campu . keeper for the Food Co-op, said the [bookstore) standards." 

Last Monday, University Cen- "Structurally and financially, the administration is scared of the co- "We would consider Ground-
ter Director Jim Carruthers an- co-ops pose a threat to the univer- ops' growing financial strength. "I work different if they were a profit 

sity administration," Kes ler said. don ' t think the admini tration has busines . They have changed their 
Co.oPS: Second in a two-part Co-op members said that the the power to eliminate the co-ops. status; therefore we will negotiate 
series on the future of UCSD's unversity has tried to force the co- We have the support of the students, with them based on their status," 

student cooperatives ops out of the Student Center on we are ethically and socially re- Carruthers' memo states. 1l1e ne-
nounced that Groundwork Books !>Cverul occasions. sponsible, we are here to promote a gotiations will determine what 
will now lose the protection pro- Groundwork Books Co-op mem- learning experience and awareness Groundwork will do with the space, 
vided by the university 's "financial ber Kelly Harrington said, "History as well as an alternative to the con- rather than whether or not their ex-
umbrella." and that the UCSD co- i showing that they don't want us ventional business." istingspacewiUbeavailabietothem. 
ops will be given 90 days to decide here." Carruthers disagreed with the Kessler said that whether or not 
whether they will become a UCSD "It's the same scenario that we interpretation that the university is the university controls Groundwork 's 
auxiliary account or whether they arc presented with every year. We trying to force the co-ops off of the payroll i not integral to the purpose 
will become an autonomous out ide have been given the choice to be campus. "I do not find the structure of the bookstore. "That is just a 
vendor. either fully controlled by the um- of the co-ops in any way to be unrea- technical glitch, but Canruthers sees 

TIlCse decision were made, ac- versity or to cease to exi t. It's the sonable," hesaid. "The issue at hand it as an a11-encompassing, funda-
cording to Carruthers, because the same choice: that was offered us in i their accountability financially to mental problem and uses it to 
co-ops did not followbusincssprac- theleasehassle,"said Andy Howard, both the university, and to good threaten their existence," he said. 
tices as designated in the adminis- " member of the Che Cafe and business practices." According to Kessler, the way 
tration' s Policy and Procedure Groundwork Books. Carruthers said the administra- co-ops operate structural I y does not 
Manual (PPM). After a meeting last Wednesday tion has ensured that Groundwork fit into the hierarchy of the way the 

PETITION 
Continued from page 1 
asked students and f"cully to sign the petition 
throughout the week. 

TheTGparties,a IS-yeartradilionat UCSD 
at which free beer was served to students and 
faculty during Friday concerts, hit rough wa-
ters last year as their legality was questioned by 
the state Alcoholic Beverage Control. 

This month, Watson forwarded the TG 
issue to the UCSD Alcohol and Substance 
Abuse Committee (ASAC), which wi 11 passon 
its recommendation to Watson next quaner. 

Massaro, a Warren College senior who 
used to work the taps at the TGs, said he hopes 
the petition can influence the ASAC to con-
tinue the TGs. 

.. It 's "mazing how many students are still 
el1thu~iastic." ~aid Mru.saro, who added that 
about 80 to 90 percent of the tudents he asked 
were "stoked" about the petition, which calls 
for the continuation of free beer ervice at the 
TGs. 

The petition will be delivered 10 Vice Chan-
cellorofUndergraduateAffairsloseph Watson 
and any other administrator who does not 
suppoI1 Price Center TGs with free beer. 

Calvin and Hobbes 
1'551 .. S\,)SI£:! ~\lr..""S 

1'2. ~"1 ? 

1 JUSl RE~D 
m \S G~T 

5C.IEMCE fiCtiON 
sroR'1 

TOMOR~W 'foIt.'R£ ~ 
m OISC\JSS . C~\;.'£l.Ii £'{N15 

1111 3::HOOl . 

The que tion of the TGs' legality was re-
olved last year with the relocation of TG 

from the Hump to the Price Center. This year, 
though, other issues have come to the fore-
front . 

Those i ues. including alleged policy con-
tradiction with UCSD' alcohol and sub-
stance abuse rules, conflicts with Price Center 
busine ses and liability, were brought up ear-
lier this quaner by Watson. 

"'The Price Center is a fee-funded facility, ' 
Massaro said- "Students have a voice. If [TGs 
have) to be stuck in the Price Center, wouldn't 
you rather have a say?" 

Dalynn Proffitt. Health Education Coordi-
nator at the Student Health Service and ASAC 

See PETITION, Page 8 

by Bill Watterson 

administration operaaes. The stu-
dent cooperatives are run on a non-
hierarchical. democratic system 
where each member has equal say 
in the IJUII18&CIIlCnt of the business. 
On the other hand, the University i 
run on a hierarchical system where 
eachadministraroranswers to some-
one at a higher level. 

"It is up to the University Center 
Board (UCB) to form policies and 
for Carruthers to follow them," 
Kessler said. "Carruthers probably 
sees his employers as being Watson 
and Tucker more so than the student 
body. He should advise [the board), 
not mandate an edict." 

Carruthers contends that the 
Space Agreement, the co-ops . lease 
which includes rules regarding the 
occupation of university-owned 
buildings, was an agreement drawn 
up by the students on the UCB. 
"This is where student invol vernent 
clearly was," said Carruthers. "1l1e 
board's documents with the co-ops 
was clear - it states that the C<H>ps 
will follow the PPMs." 

According to Carruthers, the 
See C().()p5, Page 7 

ERRATUM 
The UCSD News Clip in 

the Nov. 18 issue announc-
ingtheNov.26perfonnance 
of the UCSD Gospel Choir 
incorrectly stated that Singer 
Karen Barnett will lead "The 
Potters House.· It should 
have read "The chorus will 
sing "The Potter's House,· 
led by singers Mia Garrett 
and David Breland, and "Feel 
the Spirit,· led by singer 
Karen Barnett.· The Guar~ 
ian regrets the error. 

Monday, November 25,1991 

A.S. 
ContInued from .... 1 
lieve that my council is racisl" 

After Nieblas was nominaIed by 
Vice PresidcntAdministrative Mike 
Holmes and interviewed by the A.S. 
Personnel Committee. he was sub-
jected to a "very intense question-
ing period" at the Nov. 30 A.S. 
meeting, paI1S of which "have been 
alleged to be harsh and inappropri-
ate towards Victor,""8ccording to 
Holmes. 

''They said that because I was a 
SMC intern I had a bias and a 
conflict of interest. The bias issue 
kept coming up. They implied that 
because I am a student of color, I 
couldn't adequately represent the 
student body," Nieblas said-

Nieblas said that he felt thecoun-
cit saw him primarily as a SAAC 
intern and a student of color ruther 
than an ordinary student. "Just be-
cause I'm a SAAC intem, does this 
mean I'm not a student? They lim-
ited my personal freedom," he said-

In addition, Nieblas said that he 
felt he wasn't given adequate 0p-
portunities to answer the council's 
questions regarding his qualifica-
tions and possible bias because the 
council confined discussion among 
themselves, rather than directing 
their questions toward him. 

Warren College Senior Senator 
Mark Rotenberg said that he ques-
tioned Nieblas because he was not 
convinced that Nieblasknew enough 
about the responsibilities of the Reg-
iSlJ'lltion Fee Commiuee. "It seems 
that Victor doesn't know the differ-
ence between educational fees and 
regist.ration fees," Rotenberg said. 

Rotenberg explained that be-
cause Nieblas is a paid intern of 
SAAC and SAAC is funded by the 
Registration Fee Committee, there 
is a conflict of interest "The: issue 
here isn't bias, it's conflict of inter-
est," Rotenberg said-

Nieblas said he told the council 
that he planned to abstain from is-
sues involving SAAC that would 
come before the Registration Fee 
Commiuee. 

Amber Davis-Watkins, Fifth 
Senior Senator who was the Fifth 
College representative to the Regis-
tration Fee Committee, said thal she 
alsoquestionedNieblas'familiarity 
with the committee. She said that 
the council asked Nieblas about his 
priorities, not to accuse him of bias 

but because the council needs to 
know his priorities to determine 
how the A.S. would be represented 
on the Registration Fee Commiuee. 

Poncho Guevara, Warren 
Sophomore Senator and thechairof 
the A.S. Personnel Comminee, in-
dicated that some councilmembers 
had pre<OIlCCived notions about 
Nieblas' intentions. "When 
[Nieblas) was asked if he has a bias 
towards SAAC. he said. 'no'. And 
people weren't satisfied with that." 

"'lberewasalotofdiscussionon 
the term 'bias' . I think it had less to 
do with his being employed by 

" There was a lot of discus-
sion on the term 'bias,' I 
think it had less to do 

with his being employed 
by SAAC. It had more to 

do with why he wanted to 
be on the committee. 

" PONCHO GUEVARA 
Wanen College Sophomore 

Senator 

SAAC. It had more to do with why 
he wanted to be on the cornminee, 
Guevara said-

According to Holmes, the ap-
pointment was referred back to the 
Personnel Comminee becausemern-
bers of the council felt there were 
still unanswered questions, 

However, before the Personnel 
Committee met again on the ap-
pointment, it was discovered that 
the interview and nomination pro-
cess was unconstitutional because it 
had been conducted by Holmes in-
stead of by Vice President of Fi-
nance, Joseph Cassar. As a re ult of 
this violation, the appointment pro-
cess had to be repeated. 

Both Holmes and Cassar said 
that the violation was an innocent 
mistake. 

Cassar acknowledged, though, 
that some believe otherwise. "Per-
haps they're saying ... it was pur-
posefully done to keep Victor out. 
Or maybe, they think it was an hon-
est mistake and we're using it to 
keep Victor out," he said. 

Cassar added that before he an-
nounccdhisnominationfortheReg-

The VCSD Guardian 

istration Fee Comminee position, 
Orozco tried to pressure him with 
"warnings of what would happen if 
I didn't appoint Victor." 

Cassar said Orozco rationalized 
this action by saying he was doing 
his job as president. However, Cassar 
indicated thai Orozco had personal 
motives. "[Orozco's] got to be bi-
ased because he lives with Victor. 
He's a personaJ referenceon Victor's 
application ... 

Orozco denied that he tried to 
influence Cassar's decision. 

According to Nieblas, the A.S. 
council will not disclose the name 
of the person who discovered the 
constitutional violation. "My ques-
tions are, what were the motives to 
research [the violation) and who is 
this person - why won't [A.S.] tell 
us who it was?" Nieblas said. "1l1e 
bylaws were only enforced in my 
case. If I were white, would thi 
happen?" he asked. 

At the Nov. 13 council meeting, 
members of SAAC presented a let-
terto the A.S. which asks, "Why did 
an A.S. council member decide to 
do the research so late in the pro-
cess? Is it because you ... don't want 
Mr. Nieblas on this committee?" 

1lJe letter also objects to the "un-
profe sional treatment" which 
Nieblas received. Furthermore, the 
letter demands "an immediate writ-
ten apology by the council and .. . an 
explanation to the absurd allega-
tions of him being biased." 

According to Holme . Orozco is 
currently preparing a written letter 
of apology despite the foclthat some 
councilmembers feel their actions 
do not warrant an apology. 

MEChA President Monica 
Villafana said, "The student body 
should know that some 
council members are very insensi-
tive to students of color. They al-
ways say students of color should 
get involved, butthey always get the 
run-around. " 

With respect to Nieblas' situa-
tion, ViUafaJia said that the A.S. 
council was "implying that he was a 
student of color [therefore] he had a 
hidden agenda and that he couldn't 
represent the students." 

Villafana expressed concern that 
Nieblas' experience might deter 
other students of color from becom-
ing involved in student government. 

TIle second allegation of racism 
arose from the appointment of co-
chairs for the Culture Quest Festi-

NEWS 3 

A.S. President Agustin Orozco does not believe the A.S, council is racist. 
val. a relatively new event at UCSD 
which is intended to be an educa-
tional celebration of the cultures 
that comprise the UCSD popula-
tion. 

While Riser and Roberts were 
seeking the co-chair positions, they 
heard rumors "that someone on A.S. 
council made reference to our skin 

color and ethnicity." RobeI1s said. 
Riser said that Holmes lold her 

the names of three people who had 
all expressed concems "along the 
same lines: how could two :1nglos 
put on a Culture Quest Festival when 
they have no culture?" 

Holmes confirmed that "there 
See A.S., Page 9 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE. 

MeAT 
THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE AT UCSD 

· The #1 MCAT course in San Diego! 
• The best documented MCAT scores 
• 6 years of proven success 
• The only course run by people in medicine. MCAT prep is 
our specialty and it's all we do! ' 

· Taught by top UCSD doctors and M.D.-PhD candidates who 
are experts in MCAT prep. 

, Taught on campus at the Medical School 
· Lectures, study groups and free tutoring 
• Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW ENROLLING FOR WINTER '92 I:lfJ CALL (619)456-4848 

THANKSGIVING SPECIAL SALE 
4 Days Only • Wednesday • Friday • Saturday • Sunday 

November 27th - December 1 st • 10 am-6 pm 
Apparel Designer Zone presents 

FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING SALE 
Save on brand name casual a sportswear clothing 

:= 50%·90% :::-priced 
take I 
:dltlOnal 25 %. + 

off every 
item at the 
register 

• VICTORIA'S SECRET. LIMITED. B.U.M. EQUIPMENT. EXPRESS. TWEEDS. much. much morel 

• 
APPAREL 
DESIGNER 
Z 0 N E 

8250 Camino Santa Fe (just down the road) 
Go east on La Jolla VIIoge OlIve, 41ig'1ts past Hwy 80S. left on Conino Santa Fe • Tel. 450-3323 



OPINION 
• OPINION 

Editorial Board 
JASON SNELL. Edilor in Chief 
ROBIN MACLEAN. Manl&inl Editor 
MAR Y BETIY HEARD. News FAilOr 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion EdiIOr 

rlwUCSDG __ i.poo/IIIsIood. __ ._ .... UoI.....,afc.IiraniLIIIoDirto·C-... OI'l'lI . 
vt<WI .. ,.......,_iot.....-.. aoojariIJ_af ......... -. ........ ~y_., .. 
uc"""" "' ........ A~UCSD ..... .. _G __ . 

THE PARKING NI GHTMA RE 

The SufferIng Has Only Just Begun 
Parldng. The very WOld causes UCSD SIUdern 10 roll their ~ 

clench their !iSIS and curse the bureaucracy that made the world whaI it 
is loday. To say that parking at UCSO is a problem is similar 10 saying 
that California has a "little" budget deficit Parking is a crisis ofirnrnense 
proportions. And, according 10 a recent report on parking straregies for 
1991102006, il' only going 10 get worse. 

According to a sUITUTl3I)' of the report by Mark Rocenbcrg titled. 
"Parldng and Transportation System Policy Review: A Strategy for 
1991-92102005-06" while UCSO's campus popu1ation is expected 10 
increase approx irnately 91 percent in the next 15 years. partOng will mosI 
likely decrease. By the 2005-06 academic year, for example, the total 
campus population is expected 10 be approximately 39,350 people. Bul 
in that same year, itis projecledthat there will bejUSl slighdyover9,<xx> 
parking spaces. or aboul one space for every four slUdents. 

The report emphasizes four basic issues: fanancial considero1ions, 
environmental considerations. campus land use and the role of PaOOng 
and Transportation Services in providing and enhancing access 10 
cwnpus. In additioo. the report places a great deal of weight on the 
impottance of alternative trunsportat.ion. 

Iflhe report' prediClionscome to pass. commuters will have tomake 
some dmstic changes in the way they go ro and from UCSD. The report 
indicates thai single-occupallt vehicles are the preferred method of 
Ir.lnsportatioothi year, accounting formore than55 percent of comnul-
ers. Bul,as the campus population increases andavailable parlcing grows 
more and more scarce, the repon estimates that the number of single-
OCCUP,lI1t vehicles will drop signiflCalllly. accounting for no more than 
12.5 percent of conunulers by 2005. The report predicts that earand van 
pools will be lhe preferred method oftransponarion in 2005, accounting 
for almosl 40 percent of commuters, a~ opposed to the 29.2 peroent it 
accounlS for presently. 

The report calls for three phases for the implementation of a new 
campus parking strategy. Phase One, which students are now being 
subjected to, is primwily educational in fIaIUre. The report states that "the 
university needs to begin making il known that, in the relatively near 
future, not everyone who desires 10 do so will be able 10 drive in a single-
occupant vehicle and be able 10 park on campus." Indeed, the signs are 
already beginning toshow. TheRevellepar\<.ing lot has lost well overhalf 
of its student spaces in the lasllWO years as a resull of construction. 

According to the report, studenlS will be forced out to the perimeter 
loIS as the years pass. Th.is creates a number of difficulties, not the least 
of which is the security problems which will inevitably crop up. In 
response to these poIential hazaIljs, the report suggests that perimeter lots 
will have par\<.ing personnel 011 duty 24 hours-a-day, sevendays-a-week, 
a "responsive" Community Service Oftker (CSO) system, video cam-
ems, lighting. call boxes and "other safety ~res deemed necessary 
for the safety of parkers." 

Thi is almost 100 extr.lvagant to be maintained. First,the report fails 
to tnke into account the state's present budget difficulties and lhe impact 
of future budget cuts. Last year, the campus CSO system took a beating 
in !he budgelptocess.fon:inglhemtocutbackonofficersandcomp1etely 
cut off day patrols. With the UC looking at yet another massive budget 
cut,il is likely Ihat security-and parXing-wililoseeven more funding 
this year. Second,lights, video surveillance cameros arld calIboxes cost 
money. Who will pay for these measures? The students, of COU~. 
P-.uking fees, already 100 high as il is, will rise dramalically. 

The report concedes that a significant portion of commuters will be 
forced off cwnpus. But CSOS only provide an escort 10 the campus 
boundaries. What then? Many off-campus side streets lack suffICient 
Iightingatnightlobeconsideredrernotelysafe.Thechancesforastudent 
to be assaulted, robbed or raped wiD increase substantially. 

Furthennore,the report recommends that the lU'Iiversity phase out its 
free bus pass subsidy by the end of Phase Two. According to the report 
summary, UCSD currently spends $50,00> per year on lhe free bus pass 
program fur students. The justification for this move is that "UCSD's 
cootinuatioo of the bus pass subsidy may establish a precedent for 
subsidizing all public transportation as new modes are developed. "The 
money saved would be redirected inro the C8IJ1'US shunle system. 

In any case.lhe students lose. The cWTent uni versity parl<.ing plan will 
ultimately forcecorrunuters into a dangerous position. unable 10 pay for 
0IKaITlpuS paiking, and therefore sacrificing the safety of campus. 
Adding insult to injury, the university wiD ever«ually cease to offer 
viable, economic nansponation alternatives. Perhaps srudents today 
should be thankful thai - for mOtil of them, III kmt - they will not be 
subjected to this IlIlest oppression. For future studern, however, the 
suffering has just begwl. 

'Ibc UCSD Guardian Monday, Ncwembcr 15, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Peace Is Possible if Israel is Willing 
• The struggle for Palestine began with the Zionists, 
and it will continue until the Arab lands are returned 
By LaIth BulIn 
Contdwting Opinion ~ 

As a Palestinian srudent at UCSO,I feel 
cornpeJled to share with this community a bit of 
the history of the conflict in my homeland. 
Although I am a pragmatist, and believe that 
current realities rather than old dreams should 
provide the framework for a future peace, I 
believe that an undersaanding of the roots of the 
problem will help sbaaer many of its myths. 

For example, it is commonly said that the 
conflict between Arabs and the Jews dates back 
thousands of years. This is a blatant distodion 
of history. Until the Zionists started colonizing 
Palestine in the beginning of this camBY the 
relationship of Jews to their Semitic cousins had 
been quite peaceful. 

The essence of the caltury-old problem is 
the confrontation between a colonizing Jewish 
group, the Zionists, with the indigenous 
population of Palestine: Cluisban and Moslem 
Arabs. 

Zionism, the movemeru that culminaled in 
the creation of Israel, had as its primary 
objective the creation of a Jewish stale in 
Palestine. There were only S6.OOO Jews in 
Palestine in 1917, a paluy eight percent of the 
population, most of whom were Sephardic Jews 
who bitterly opposed Zionism. 

The Zionists tried in vain to c:onvince the 
rulers of the 0U0man Empire, who had 
controlled Palestine from IS17 to 1917, to 
support their takeover. 

In <JOe of Ihe dIrtCIt momerllS for tbc Allies 
during World Will, the Bridsb issued the 
Balfour DccIarIdon. promIsina to CSIIblisb a 
"Nalional Home" for the Jews in PUsaine, not 
out of PhiIo-Scmitism but raIher out of wbal 
\hey had thought of as a necessity. 

As then-British Prime Mioisler Uoyd 
George revealed, "We c:ame to the conclusion 
thai it was vital that Britain should have the 
sympathies of the Jewish community'M they 
were helpful in America."1be Allied front wu 
colJapsing in the face of the advancing German 
troops and it was hoped that the 7Jonists would 
help in gettins America involved in the war, 
Indeed, the Zionists ended up bein8 of very 
IiIde help, and yet they won Britain's pIU'OIIIIC. 

Arab Palestine wu poJiticaDy and sodaDy 
incapIble of eft'ecIiveIy resisIin3 tho combined 

onslaught of Britain and the Zionists. 
The vast bulk. of the people were either 

illiterate peasants or bedouins. 1beir lack of 
education and knowledge in the ways of the 
West predetennined the form of resistance they 
put up in the face of this injustice. Their 
opposition wu nmdom and largely ineffective. 
Paleslinians were opposed to foreigners taking 
their sovcreisntY in the Iaad of their birth. 

To give the reader a hypothctical analogy. of 
what this melDS consider the foOowing: a small 
group of forcipers gets a promise from some 
bostiIc COUIIb'y to establish their national home 
in California. 

Would lIlY nlllive Californian voluntarily 
accept this takeoverl? or course 001. But this is 
exactly what happened in Arab Palestine at the 
begimins of this ceruwy. 

The Palestinian opposition to Zionist 
takeover sbouId DOl have surprised anyone with 
sense. Vladimir JaboIinsky, one of the found-
ing fathers of Israel, understood this as early as 
1923 when be wrote: "Any native people - it's 
all the same wbeCher they are civilized or 
savage - views their country as their national 
home, of whic:b Ihey always be the complete 
masaers. They wiD DOl voluntarily allow, not 
even a new masIB', but even a new panocr. And 
10 it is for abe ArabL" 

In fact. tbc above staIeIDent made around 70 
years aao when the c:onftic:t bad just begun is a 
reftccdon of die current IIIIe of affairs in the 
Middle Eat. MiIlioaI ofPaJadnians are 
refugees IIICl are DOC IIIowecJ tbe ri&ht of RIUm 
while lsraelldulea to III8ke any CXJUiIIiouUscs. 

~ once me IIIM&en of the land. 
are beainI for IO¥eIeiJlllY on tbe lemliniaa24 

~ oftbcir IDCeIIIII bome.the West Bank 
and Qua. I quote JabocinIky because the 
a.rnent Ieadenbip of 1snIeI, Shamir IIId bis 
gang. .., diIcipIeI of bis ideology, revisionist 
Zionism. 

It is very dar to me dud Israel's IdamanI 
refusal 10 1DIIce. '1and for peace compromise" 
isn't baed on security ooncems as some people 
would claim. 

Shamir WIllIS an apeemenI, but ooe tbal can 
set every poaibIe c:oocasioo from Palestinians. 
FurthennoR. it is DOl clelr 10 me why Israel. a 
major nuclear power, would need a Ibin IIrip of 

S8eP~Pace8 

.... - .. "" ..... ..,.. ~ -.- . - ~ - _...... ... ~........ ............... .~ 

Monday, Novanbcr 15,1991 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR 

Is th8 A.S. Guilty 
of RacIsm? 
EdIIor: 

Once Ipin I1ICIIIbcrs ~ the AS. arc 
IIhclwq their DUe ooIors. This wouldn't 
be a p'ObIem, but ~y they are 
seoppqevayoncd5efromshowingthcir 
colen. 

W1alsn speaking of is thetnnlCl' in 
which the A.S. '- ImdIed the n0mina-
tion of VICIOr N'JebII. to the Registration 
Fee Conmittcc. 

The whole process cancanS me tJo. 
cause too many KC'rsatims were being 
made, 100 lDIOyquestions were left unan-
sweredandtoonu:hofthisprooessscems 
IOhaveoomeaboutbccauseofthefactthar 
the candidate WIL'i a student of rolor. 

Studcntsof colorarc undcrreprcsmted 
in every aspect at this university, and 
because of this woe are oomtIIRly being 
enoouragcd to get involved in leadership 
roles, activities Ini cmmiaecs. 

Victor w.1K:CUIICd by rmnbcas of the 
AS. of having "penona1 biases" ~ 
ofhisaffilialion withtheSWdMAffinna. 
rive ACIion cl H&.nw1 RdMion's Pr0-
gram. Now isn't that the )X1t calling the 
kettle bbdc - or shall I say brown. 

AS. mcmbers_sugestinglhat Vic-
tor is guilty by asociation Ini they arc 
implying that urdCiiepCikiad students 
~ with ulidtiiiepCikiIlCd orpni-
zaIions have no pJaceonaOOl11l1litflee such 
1m the "ReJim1lion Fee. " 

Since when does a student's ass0cia-
tion with a particular group take away his 
rights 10 be seen as a student first? 

I'mquitc sumthar Victorpaysfees jUSl 
Imcveryoneelseon this~and hel1&'i 
just ~ much right 10 sit on that COOlmiucc 
1m aJ)'OI1C. 

Why is it that when members of the 
AS. were asked 10 explain whaI these 
biases were that they thought wou\d inter-
fere with Victor's ability 10 act out his 
duIies sucx:essfulIy. no one cou\d provide 
anyamwers? 

What are they trying 10 hide? Are they 
afraid thai if they opened their I1'lOUthc; to 
explain VicIOr's billies that theirs would 
became evident? 

I understaQd thattheA.S, " /aconsti-
tution that they must fuIIow but, a simple, 
"I'm SOO)', we made a mistake in the 
procedure, we have 10 conduct this whole 
process again" will oot do. If the process 
was WICOflSlitutional, then I can't argue 
withlhatbut. I dohaveaquesrion as 10 wby 
this was found out so IaIe in the process. 

Aaxlrding~IheaeWlL'i 
no problem with the nominaIion when it 
was made two years IF, .... this year the 
sameSlepS wae followed. My question is 
who found it neceas.wy to oonduct an 
invPStiprion .... what was 1hc m0tiva-
tion? It seems 10 me Ihat cenain individu-
als were Iookins fOr anythins thai they 
could find IOcnsure that VICtor'S n0mina-
tion would nac .... 

Membeas of the AS, have left ques-
tions Ihat _ vital to lIideaslandii. why 
Victor's nominaIion was handled in the 
IT\IDICI' that it was. 

Ifthe8e ~cannoc beexplained 
IDf the8e qaatiam can nac be answered, 
then the underlined ifI1lIication ~ what 
tOCIk pIKe wiD be thIt this whole inc:ided 
evolved out ~ racism, and this will leave 
the AS. ~ 10 a 101 ~ criticism. 

AIhmd ...... 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

The Value of the African Education 
• Blacks must "separate" so they can help each other succeed and prosper 
...... fIIM1 

~0p/nI0n M1t8r 
'Ibele" beal &n* di8ct1SSioa abolI 

... .... 1DWIId Ibo AfJaceabic • 

.... 10 ........ This ........... lID 

.... body dIbIIecllOpic boIb in the 
Aflit:m.AmericmMlllmuo;'ics.weIl. 
in IOCiely •• wboIc. 

No bIIcb IIyia& 10 ... 10 • new 
...... bu& eq&IIl" ~ or are they 
...,.....q 10 aespoad 10 an ...... 
sysIaD wbidI tbey feelblllIIJdY failed 
lbc:maa8fOUP?InOlder1oUDdca_1d1bis 
qtatioo, we IIIIIt look 10 .. hiIIOrical 
facia ~ _ peculiar 10 Ibo Africm. 
AmaicIIl CIIIpCIieoce. 

In 1896,1hc ..... bu&equaI"social 
syaem WI8 tintsf;cn C'onItiMioaaI. 
port in Ihe lIImwk Supane Court case 
Ples.ryv.FerglISOIL This!DCialaysarmw. 
aatIed by whites 10 opfIt'S Africm. 
AmeIic:anL 

WbeIlone 1ooks_1be laws, noans a 
IDIRI tbIt wae aaIed wiIbin Ibis IOCial 
5Y*ID. one is reminded of wbal (]lief 
J&LUlc Taney said in tbcDmJ Scott deci-
sion, tbIt 110 Nepo -ID'J JiaJ* tbIt a 
wIiIe man is bound fo IeIIpCICt. AfIicam. 
Arncn •• WIle IyaI:bcd. a...Iized IOd 
iO .. IMOd, ... the....., bu& equal" 
IY*m was !be imtn'""'f:m appasion. 

ID JapOiW 10 !be .... bu& equal 
lOCiIlayltem,AfiX:Io.Amaica formod 
1beir0WD duda, tcbooII.lIId 1DOII of 
aq,lbeirowncolleps.Africlrt..Ameliams 
baYe ......... touptift ... ~ 
lbc:rmelwI,inspileofslawly ........ 
don. 1'beIa ~ coD~.~ I, fonDed in abe 
191b ... _~1IIDd •• 1DCIIIU-
medlO bIII:k __ ... black IdJievoo. 
mrdintheUnileds..;ewmOeorp_ 
BIdJa Bulb n:;copillo IbiI, in dill die)' 

'Separation' and ifltegJ'ation are 
only means to an end. Both of 
these methods are directed 

towcW the same purposes: to 
elevate and empower African.. 
. Americans. 

IibaaIly c:onIribuie to the United Negro Col-
• Fund. Black colleges have produced 
more bID lawyers. doclcn, teacheIs and 
scienbsIs, and these black pro(essionaIs' ~ 
tributions IOAmcrica have bcc:n widcaRlfar-
rcCling in scope and in DIIIUre.. 

From the scienlific imovalions ofGcorge 
Washqpon c.ver to the brave hcroismof 
the 'Tuskcep airmen, African-Americans 
lave left 1m indelible iq8;c on Amcri:an 
hisrory,HoWever,ldidDOlleamofDr. Carver, 
tbc TtISkcegee ainnen andothcrblack histori-
cal figwes in an inregrated school system; I 
lcarneditathomebccausetheCOOlributionsof 
African.AmeI iamshavebcenshrewdly writ-
Ia1 out of the ICXl books. ~forc, it is 
oOallianes importaI_ for African-Ameriam 
10 educIIe tbemsdves. 

Bulit isapave mistalceroassume thatjusl 
ba:ausc many Afiicm..Americans chose 10 
cducaIc lbemsclves at their own institutiom, 
tbIt all Africm.AnlClica. wad to do so all 
the lime. .Afiican..AInI:ricam arc nu:b 100 
di~ 10 fall info one CIIIIepy. 

1"ruIbftd1y, rDOI5I Afric:m.AmeI icalls in-
Wlpca_ boIb inIcgmIim and sepII1Ilion in 
Ibeir dIIily life. 

MIn)' 01 us bdons 10 a black. fanily, 
bdons 10 a bIIck dudI, while also going 10 
1m Uqp.-tscbool,and panicipaaing in inrr 
grilled aociaI organil.aIiom. 

COMMENTARY 

African-Americans would like 10 be free to 
cboosc when and where separation and into-
gnIIion works best, and they would like their 
dKIicts to be free from social srigmalics . 

"Separation,"1W defined here, and integra-
tion are only IJlCIn to an cni Both of these 
metOOds are directed IOW2.-d the sane pur-
posea:lOdcvateandelJ1lOWU'Af'ric:»Amcri-
cam. One must IlCVCI' overlook the fact the 
SupaneCounovenuJrd thePlessydecision, 
not because of its method; they ovenuled it 
bccaIse i1s WlIIbashed purpose w.lOoppress 
Afiican-Americans. Today's debaIe on inte-
gmIion and separarion has lost sight of this. 

k is imponant to remember that the fonna-
tionofblack.coIIegesW'.lSaresponse lOasocial 
syscem which sought to deprive African-
.Americans of genuineopportunitiesatreceiv-
ing higher educaIion, and that there will be 
times when it is ~ for blacks 10 sepa-
rate themselves. 

One thing is apparent about the American 
landscape: America is not a "meltingpot." bul 
a salad bowl, witheachethnic: group adding its 
own variation to its pursuit of the American 
Dream.African-Americanshavealways been 
dedicated 10 building this country. 

AsI..auncBennettandJobnHopeFrdlin 
have shown us, African-American history 
goes back. "before the Mayflower." African-
Amc:ricans have shed their blood in every 
American war, and over 350 yCilli of their 
labor heIpcd 10 build the foundations of this 
counIIy, 

When one \ooks III the fact that they spent 
250 years in slavery and tOO years under 
oppressive ~ one can only marvel 
at their loyalty, devotion and achievement 
After helping to build America with their 
bIoodalXltheirlabor,African-Americanshave 
no irltmioo of leaving - they only want to 
claim what is rightfully theirs. 

America Must First Seek Equality 
• Only with an eye toward helping our neighbor can progress be made for all 
By Gaye JoIIMon 
StBff Writer 

From Sierra Leone 10 Mississippi,blacks 
are the ones who have suffered longest and 
most from crimes of imperialism. Whether 
or not America chooses 10 look at history in 
a traditionalist light is beside the point, 
since there can be no argwnent that this is 
true, 

Lately, blacks have received widespread 
encouragemenl to put to rest some of the 
historical grievances of the past and give in 
to the pull of mainstn:am America in the 
name of "assimilation." Coming mainly 
from white males, this looks on the surface 
to be aeaU fordemarginalization.ln many 
whites' eyes blacks have become bitter, 
separating themselves from society and 
making it difficult for "white guilt" to 
redeem itself through cultural acceptance 
of blacks. B~t you can't accept something 
that was never there. 

Unlike other voluntary immigrants 
whose culture was largely transitive, black 
"culture" in America began with slavery in 
a syslCm designed to make the rich richer. 
Blacks were then given their "freedom, " 
rcducinS their labor to unlimited exploita-
tion after Rec:onstruction, and now are an 
integral panofwelfaresystems which serve 
similar purposes of maintaining dependen-
cy. 

This is what black "culture" is - not 
much more than a crushing victimization, 
although tbc contributions of blacks have 
at times valiandy asserted that vic:timiza-

tion does not entail inferiority. At no point 
in American history has there been a posi-
tive and consistent effon to holistically 
advance the progress of blacks. 

If at one time an inch was given toward 
the emancipation of people of color, the 
equivalent or more was taken away in some 
other area. Isolated incidents of progressive 
legislation for blacks have often been la-
belled "progress" and put on display, laud-
ing the "egalitarian" ideals of this uniled 
nation. 

But it inevitably and consistently fol-
lowed that a leader of the oppressed was 
sununarily murdered or silenced. This pat-
tern has been more consistent than most 
others aimed III die economic and educa-
tional welfare of blacks in America; in fact 
some question which wecancounton more: 
suppression or progression. True hislory 
favors the fonner. So for most blacks it's 
not lime to "give it upandjoinlheestablish-
ment" just yet. 

Equality mUSI first be a pracliced policy 
of this nation - on levels extending past 
legal integration. Attitudes advanced about 
national hannony should be through posi-
tive action, not haltheaned attempts to bring 
people together. If our government has the 
power to massacre thousandsofJraq is, then 
surely it bas the power to suggest a mental-
ity to the public - the question is what 
kind lies in its best interests. 

Equality is not an achieved objective; 
we may all be III the same staning block on 
the economic and educational track, but 

you have Nikes and I have bare feel. When 
everyone is given equal treatment, then this 
"coming together" so heartily encouraged by 
many whites can perhaps occur in hannony. 
But that day is not here, despite the widespread 
belief that an absence of institutionalized rdC-
ism mixed wilh Affirmative Action creates 
instant equality. 

1bere slill exists in the cases like Ihe ruling 
and an intention of exclusion. These are not 
equal grounds for acceptance, are they? Surely 
not. 

1bere is no wholeheaJ1ed commitmenl on 
the part of those in power to change the men-
tality oCthe oppressors to an acceptance ofthe 
oppressed. Not only is there no commitment, 
but for the benefit of a system of exploitation of 
the many by the few, there is a commitment to 
mainlaining an "us -them" mentality, sepa-
rating us into competing factions and allowing 
others to capitalize off of our disunity. 

Divided we have fallen, and what once 
could have been "commonalilies" were long 
ago polluted with intentionally exaggerated 
differences.lfblacksare now separating them-
selves from society, as many whites claim. 
then it is for them to remember that they were 
the ones who originally instated legal segrega-
tion. So what happened back then isn't your 
fault? If you wanl nalional hannony through 
complete integration, do something locornbat 
what the legacy of apartheid has done to all 
people of color in the United States. Weare all 
in trouble; if one of us is in chains then we all are. 

So what's the solution. we keep asking 
ourselves. It's right here: Love one another . 



6 OPINION Tbc UCSD Guardila 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Black Hope Does Not Ue In Bennan'sComR18lltartes 
Editor: 

In response to "BIIIcIt Hope is in 
America - Not Africa." I'd like 
Mr. Berman to not only eumine 
historical relations of African-
Americans and America. but also 
social relations relating to African-
Americans today. 

What has America offered her 
African-American population? Sla-
very of !he body and mind. Poveny 
virtually inescapable. Discrimina-
tion. Racism. Now ask yourself, 
"Does black hope lie in America?" 

Definitely not! Our hope lies in 
our ability to love, know and em-
brace our culture. Our ability to 
survive as a race lies inour ability to 
e tablish an identity that is not inter-
woven into American ideology. An 
ideology that has done close to noth-
ing to include or welcome the Afri-
can-American race. 

The need to know and love my 
culture can not. and should not be 
considered a form of separate but 
equal. We have for entirely too long 
been led blindly by a dominant white 
American society. 

It is time to take on our own 
identity. 'There is a need to separate 
ourselves from the American popu-
lace. Not physically, but culturally. 
A need prompted by a need to know, 
understand and love our culture as 
you love and value your own cul-
ture. The notion of the African-
American society using historical 
events to manipulate the American 
society is a farce. 

The race Berman speaks of run-
ning is not an equal one. How do 
you justify such a race as equal 
when Americans in a cenain a race 
would almo t definitely carry the 
weights of poverty, discrimination 
and r.tcism? 

I challenge you to seek out these 
commonalities by comparing what 
African-Americans make versus 
their white counterparts. By doing 
so. you will see thallhecommonaJi-

ties you spoke of are not present. 
Themelting pol you sograciously 

welcome African-AInericln to join, 
in my opinion, should be resisted. 
The melting pol theory states that 
each race is to bring a spice of some 
sort 10 add to the pot. Until we are 
recognized as a race of people who 
possess a culture that i to be re-
spected, understood and accepted 
we mu t re ist the melting pot. 

Christie M. Lake 

Conway'S Attack on 
Christianity Is Unfounded 
Editor: 

A1lhough OvistopherConway 's 
commentary, "No Pie in the Sky for 
Gays" (MoncIay, Nov. I 8) was well-
written and made several good 
points, I couldn't help but notice the 
swing that he took at OIristianity in 
the sixth and seventh paragraphs 
where he portrays OIristians as 
money-mongering moral police. 

It seems to me that the anger that 
Mr. Conway shows toward Ouis-
tians is largely from a poisonous 
misunderstanding of what Ouisti-
anity is. It comes from a failure to 
distinguish between Fundamental-
ists and the rest of Ouistianity. 

Fundamentalists make a lot of 
noise, protesting against movies and 
books, railroading censorship 
through the legislature. attempting 
to pass Wlti-evolution legislation and 
so on., As an Evangelical ChriStiWl, 
I find these actions to be inappropri-
ate and contmdictory to the example 
that Jesus set. 

Nor is Ouistianity, by nature, 

InckIcIes: Shampoo and quality hairCIA. 
Blow «y and stytinC S4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21-$26 

I Standby 'antS ant subject to a¥aiIabIIity 
. of stylists. To Insure faster service. it·s 

best to come In on Mekday$. 

Open 6 cia,.: M-F-S 9-6 pm; T-W-T N pm 

.......... _..., 

~lAia 
GP\AfllFliCS 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. e La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

homophobic. It is true IhaI hcxno-
sexuality is a sin, buI 50 is psip. 
Therefore, Homophobia is no meR 
warranted than gossip-phobia. 
Ovist taughl us 10 hate sin but love 
the sinner. This profound message 
IuM been swallowed up by centuries 
of blind political action. 

Just because Fundamentalists 
make meR political noise .... the 
rest of us do, please do not believe 
thai they speak for any more than a 
vel)' small minority of Christians. 

MIdI8eI DuIds 

Editor: 
I found Christopher Conway's 

commentary in the Nov. 18 issueof 
the Guardian to be so slanted thai it 
obscured the important message he 
was anempting to promote. AIDS 
indeed is a problem which the coon-
try must deal withasawhole. Magic 
Johnson's affinnationthatheisHIV-
positive definitely has the potential 
to make people more aware that 
AIDS is not just a problem that 
affects homosexuals. This message 
needs to be talked aboul 

Conway seems to think that 
Christians are happy to see so many 
people die from this terrible disease. 
As a Ouistian and a Catholic my-
self, I assure you, we are not. Just 
last week a portion of the UCSD 
Carbolic Community's collection 
went to a cause assisting pcopIe 
with AIDS. 

Conway's case seemed based on 
the idea that media and the public at 
large has an incurable case of ~ 
mophobia. He then implies that this 
irrational fear is due to and pr0-
moted by "the Christian merchants 
of hate." I contend that he is wrong 
on both counts. 

I categorically reject the idea that 
people as a group and Christians in 
particular fear homosexuals because 
of their sexual preference. OIris-
tians especially cannot afford this 
fear for the simple reason that they 

wish 10 convince these SlIDe people 
thai a hustMnd-wife relationship is 
the way of God. Were they 10 ap-
proach it from a standpoint of hale, 
they would accomplish noIhina. 

In two sentences he classifIeS all 
Ouistians as racists. Iiomophobic. 
prudish, hypocritical, hateful and 
concerned with linle beyond money. 
1bese generalizations seem to re-
flect back on Conway the bigoted. 
narrowmindedness thai he himself 
attributes to Christians. 

And as to "Christians groups 
standing in the way of raising aware-
ness of how youngsters can partici-
pale in safer sex," it seems that the 
Christian solution of abstention un-
til marriage is the safest solution 
that can be found. It prevents the 
spread of HIV and there are no 
unplanned pregnancies. 

Even "safe" sex practitioners run 
a risk as no method is 100 percent 
safe. This however is not adver-
tised. Who would want IOhear"weD, 
you probably won't get AIDS or 
pregnant if you use a condom, but 
there are no guarantees." It just 
wouldn't sell. 
. EvenbeforeAlDS,itwasknown 
that after a year of use, condoms had 
a 16 percent failure rate in prevent-
ing pregnancy among married-
couples. This one failure in six 
sounds like Russian Roulette to me. 

AIDS needs to be dealt with and 
it may only be done so when respect 
is shown all around without attack-
ing any groups involved. 

David Carta 

n.UCSDG.udIa_ ....... ,..... ....... oad 
........ _ies.Drop,..... ......... c ...... 
_ c ..... -=- floor "' .... oId_ C_. _ .... ae-.J SIore Co-op) or moll 
1110: 

~ ......... G __ 

".0 ..... Dr. Il" 
La JeIIa. CA t1tt2-tJ16 

........ shouIdbcl)'pOd ......... ~ 1IId...ul 
irtCiwM I ..... oad I ................ Lcucr 
....... ~I bc __ .. ..vy doeiridemilies. w._ ..... ri .......... r ....... llldclaril)', 

. JUST IN TIME FOR GIFT GIVING SEASON! ...• 
. A GROT SALE ON INTERNAL FRAME .·i 
. . EASTPAK lACK PACKS! Ii. ... 

·1 .... • ~N7 
COIT1'. '42.00 99 99 ~ 1Iji"j,'S 
Sale pric, • ~ 7'%~ ~~~tIonIl·.~~ 
Sale price 129.99 ~ ... 
We 1180 ""e MEt & Eegil CIWk Pecka 

"gNIII~ 

Fuu SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System· New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 

~~l!;~;;;;$-35-
Muot ~ ... coupatI. e.. 1219191 

Please ask about our oIIter seMces MIa as manicures anJ 110;, anI 

--------------------CosTA V ... Cuna 
8650 Genesee, see. 21" 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 

Moaday, NcMmber 25, 1991 

PAl ESTINE 
ConIIIIued froIn .... 4 
ICrritocy like the Wesa Bank forpro-
IeCtion. 

Indeed. the use of tenitory as a 
security buffer has proven 10 be 
ineffective in modem warfare. 

The SIOr)' of the instanI failure of 
the French defense lines in World 
War 0 is a reminder, as is the recent 
Persian Gulf War, when the West 
Bank was useless in defending 
against Scud 11118Cks. 

The .... wnent that weakens the 
"security illusion" the most, how-
ever, is that a future Palestine will 
have 10 be demilitariz.ed, • least 
initially, and thus will pose no threat 
to Israel. 

At any rate, I can't help but ex-
press outrage at the thought that 
some people are willing to deny a 
living nation its right to self-deter-
mination based on unjustified 
claims. 

While spreading the lie of a secu-
rityneedforthe West Bank,Israel is 
quickly and quietly confiscating 
Arab land in the occupied territories 
and populating it with armed set-
tlers in a strategy aimed at thwarting 
the possibility of Palestinian inde-
pendence. 

Well, not necessarily: Jews CWl 
continue to live in a future Pa1estin-
ian state and even get PalesainiWl 
citizenship if they so choose; just as 
the 700,000 Arabs living in Israel 
currently hold Israeli citizenship 
(albeit a secorxk:lass citizenship). 

In fact, until the British gave 
themselves the right to sign away 
Palestine to the Zionists there had 
never been any history of anti-Jew-
ish outbreaks in Palestine - as ~ 
posed to the pogroms that the Eur0-
peans specialized in. Palesaine was 
indeed the home of refuge for thou-
sands of Jews expelled from Spain 
centuries ago. 

I sincerely believe that a friendly 
coexistence ofPalesaine with Israel 
is possible. My confidence in mak-
ing this claim partly derives from 
the stability of the peace between 
Israel and Egypt - once bitter en-
emies. 

Moreover, future economic in-
terdependence in the Middle East is 
highly probable (i.e. ending Israel's 
economic isolation from the Arab 
countries). With a promise of 
nonbelligerency, this will help se-
cure a lasting peace. 

Now that the cold war is over, a 
real opportunity for peace has 
emerged in the Middle East 

The govenunent of Israel must 
come to tenos with reality: no 
amount of force can crush the na-
tional feelings of the PalestinUni, 
who are evolving away from ran-
dom and self-defeating ways of de-
fending their rights. 

ModeraIes are now in control of 
the Palestinian camp, but the situa-
tion can easily chanJe if Israel In-
sists on being il1llWlSipIX. 

This Israeli govemment should 
be held respons.ible if the presenI 
opportunity at achieving peace is 
lost because of its refusal 10 c0m-
promise. 

1be alternative is grim: the 
sbengtheninsofradicalismancl fun-
damentalism throughout the Arab 
world and the possibility of meR 
bloodshed. 

"EYeI)' man sees in his 
relations, and cspcciaUy 
his cousins, a series of 
gro~UC caricatures of 
himscI£" 

-H.LMmckm 

Monday, Nowmbcr 15,1991 

THREAT 
Conti ............ 1. 
ofNutra-sweec in tea. Epstein could 
not explain how this particular. ftlm 
related to the death threaI. 

Epstein, who has been teaching 
university-level psycbolosycourses 
for over II years, said he has never 
experiel ICed suchopenhoslility from 
students. Because he has received 
so many personal attacks and c0m-
plaints on his unonhodox teaching 
styleoverthe phOOe and through the 
mail over the years, Epstein sees the 
deaah threat as the culmination of 
students sensing that it is okay to 
express grievances in such an open 
manner. 

Epstein said that if students do 
not like the class,lbey have the right 
to drop the course, not attend lec-
tures, or write a negative Course and 
Professor Evaluation. He said that 
through their manner of voicing 
complaints, his students were not 
showing respect 10 him as Wl educa-
tor in Wl academic envirorunent. 

However,many students feel that 
Epstein is the one guilty ofnotshow-
ingrespect. 

One student argued that although 
Epstein announced that he fell st,u-
dents leaving class early were ex-
tremely disrespectful, Epstein con-
sistently arrives late to class. 

Another student claims thai 
Epstein is responsiblefordisrupting 
the learning environment. 

Last Tuesday, for example, 
Epstein chose not to lecture and 
instead discussed these complaints 
and his feelings with the class. On 
Thursday, Epstein again chose not 
to lecture and played the tape of the 
death threat to the class. The student 

Je8Clioa to the tape was mixed with 
bach concern and 1aughIer. 

Studenrs have a1so expressed 
disappoinIment with how EpsIein 
IuM band1ed their complaints. 

"AltbouJhsome pievanceshave 
been ridiculous, some have a lot of 
credence and he [Epstein] wrote 
them off, saying that he was a good 
professor and only the students are 
10 blame." said one student who 
wished 10 remain anonymous. 

Epstein agrees that his course is 
diffICult and that many people sim-
ply don't like statistics. However, 
he said, "All courses should be chal-
lenging, and I have very high stan-
dards." 

Epstein said he is also "vehe-
mcntIy opposed to the (use of a 
grading] curve," and feels that stu-
dents should be tested against only 
the subject matter and not against 
other students. 

Epstein agreed thatstudents have 
a right 10 voice their opinions, and 
said he himself was involved in 
many university protests in !he late 
'60s and early '70s. However, he 
noted that those PJOlests were ac-
ceptable because they opposed aca-
demic subject maner and intellec-
tual positions. 

Epstein said that challenging in-
dividuals and their teaching meth-
ods has no place in Wl academic 
envirorunent. and that this quarter's 
confrontations were definitely "off-
track." 

Epstein, who is currently a fac-
ulty member at Boston University 
as weD as UCSD. said there is a 
general difference between East and 
West Coast university students. He 
noted thai on the East Coast there is 
greater respect for professors. 

The UCSD Guardian 

COOPS 
ContInued ........ 2 
PPMs were a creation of the admin-
istration. "They are something both 
the co-ops and the board understood 
were to protect the students and the 
taxpayer who subsidizes those op-
erations," said Carruthers. 

According 10 Kessler, it is not 
just the actions taken against the 
existing co-ops that supports his 
"slow erosion" theory, but also the 
administration's failure to suppon 
the co-ops. "The administration 
could have adapted a nurturing role 
for the co-ops by providing techni-
cal assistance such as a bookkeep-
ing workshop for instance, instead 
of just playing police," he said. 

Kessler believes !he alleged vio-
lations could have been avoided if 
the administration had helped the 
co-qlS with their bookkeeping rather 
than hitting them for the violations. 

Kessler point.ed to several in-
stances as evidence of the 
administration's "slow erosion" 
strategy. For example, he said, in 
1985 Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs Tom Tucker 
campaigned forthe General Store to 
drop its cooperative statute and be-
come a profit-producing enterprise. 

According to Kessler, when 
Watson became ViceChancellorof 
Undergraduate Affairs heelirninated 
the standing line item of $20,000 
from the A.S. budget that was to go 
toward co-op expansion. 

Kessler also cited the recent trans-
fer of student fees from the Student 
Center to the Price Center. A year 
ago, 100% of the old student fee of 
$12.50 went to the Student Center. 
Now S9.50ofthe $37.50 fee goes to 

NEWS 7 

Dan McDowellGuwdan 
In the past, co-op members have protested against the administration's 
actions concerning them, as In this photo of a march in May of 1990. 
the Student Center. 

"One prime example of the ad-
ministrativeanempttoeliminatethe 
co-ops was the key/lease issue in 
1989," Kessler said. At that time, 
both the administration and the co-
ops agreed to use administrative 
keys to secure their facilities. 

A campus police officer used 
these keys to gain entrance and steal 
from Groundwork Books. He was 
caught in the act and fired, but not 
prosecuted. 

In orderto solve the problem, the 
bookstore switched to using its own 
keys. The administration then cited 
Groundwork as being in violation 
of the PPMs and threatened to not 
renew its year-to-year lease. 

''The c()-Qps have wanted to ne-

gotiare on how to integrate the two 
struclUr.t1 systems, butthe adminis-
tration has not shown any desire to 
do so," said Kessler. "They have 
just tried to apply their standards 
onto the collectives, bUllhe collec-
tives are never going to be able to 
follow these ideals." 

"From my involvement since 
1987, the lo:o-OpS have prospered," 
said Carruthers. "If the adminislr.l-
tion was against them, how could 
they have prospered?" 

"Their business structure does 
not have to fit into ours, but their 
financial pr.tctices must fit or they 
must put themselves in a situation 
where they do not answer to us 
outside of our financial umbrella," 
Carruthers added. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
• I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 

-0" Mltsubl .... Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

SAVE A TURKEY, .. 
inor Tune Up Special $35 ~reg.$55) 

1. Spn plugs (M.". ~ Inc/uQe$ , 101_ ;,., I1thsrs. • inI2IdIs: 
2. DiItriIUor poinII 6.CIeIn • repilnisllil tUd • oil.... 10. 0IIdI ~ lor dIInages 
3. Condon 7. ChedI brai<Is 11. 0IIdI cooling syslem • hoses 
4. A4* lining e. ChedI duIttI 12. Road "" 
5. A4*dwellqIe 9.ChedlIigta 

,,,"~~int M!jp~~~~§£eCia'I~~' 
2. VIM! ~ 11. ~ ~ 21. CI1ed< & repilnisllil 28. Chedland recha"VI 

RepIIce: 12. ~ dwell qII Uland 011 MIs baaIIy, if ~ 
3. VIM cover gIIIket 13. ~ cWnIor 22. ChecII eIeIricaI system 29. ROIIII1ires (if naedId) 
4. Spn plugs 14. ~ IMing box 23. ChecllIor klo9I Of los! 30. Chedliint pressure 
5. DiIdII.tor poinII 15. A.~u .. 1r & fuel raIio mox bolls 31. Lube door hinges 
8. Condensers. 18. ~ cUch 24. CI1ed< brA 32. Chedlal hoIdeIs 
7. AIr .... 17. ~ brakes 25. ChedI cUch 33. ChedI cooing iyIIIm • 
B. Oil...... 18. ~ emergency brIMs 26. ChecII igII1I hoses 
9. Gellillr. n 19. CI1ed< • ~ Ixpoud 27. CI1ed< lIIdIR:Miaga lor 34. ChedI ~ iyIIIm 
10. Engine oil bib dcmIges 35. Rc* 1811 

20. Lube Iron! end 

-:f«~C;;piet;'CI;t~'hJ;b' $169 * 
""twpIa: 

I. TIIIISmiaion i1IU IhIII l1li (tJCIPI 4. ThrowooA bIftIg Note: I¥idc I*1S .. not IXMf8d. 
HondIa 5. PiIoC tuingI HoI lor 4WO. Fron1 wheel OM extra. 

2. Plwutp. e. Nlwlr ........ aiI • 
3. Clachdllc 7.Rc*_ $ t 

Brake Job Special 39 (reg. $80) 
Ftlnllf,.. ,..,jDb ..... : 

1. !NIII spIdII,.. pedI Of nail ,.. bIW __ 5. BIIed ..... bIW.,...., 
2. er.. «*I bIW Ilid 6 ....... 1ranI (' cMa) n,. __ 
11r111*t ~ hwItUie "*" 7. RepIIce irani"*, .... " ltV 1111\) 
4. RIll ...... bi a. Rc* lilt 
-t.,.uc,.. ........... 

....... ..-ta. AIk IIIIout _ ~ .... for ...... 0ftI' " 
AII_tNIIl .... a.,... II,IDD .'11 ......... ,-e,. 

All,..... "alllll, ,... .......... . 

OYeI'St8S r:::amar Rd." 1990 
"_Dive n~p.' • -::=:~. 
'0.44 ••• 

Towing IrId IIIDI car Mi1IbII. MlIllIdarFriday, 7:30 am-e pm. __ ... ....., 

EAT A PillA 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

Hours: 
11 am-t am 

Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2am ~~~~;~;iii'Y' Fri. & Sat. 

, OPEN FOR 
LUNCH! 

•

N080DY 
• KNOWS 
. LIB 
-. DOMINO'S .. 

How \bu lJM PIzza At Home. 

$2.99~ 
MEDIUM PEPPERONI 

with your favorite LARGE pizza at regular price. 
Delivery or Canyoul. No coupon required. 
Tax not included. JUST ASK! 

CALL US! 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

4S2-UCSD I 
NoI_ ..... _ .... ~--, -I! I 
_ .. _ .......... 0.._.., I 
--...... '_. ~1!W 

"---......;;--------....... --------------~ 



8 NBWS 

FOR AU YOUR 
HOLIDAY 

PACKAGING & 
dt~ SHIPPING NEEDS ;;; r-------------., 

...: 
o 

~ 

I $1.00 SAVINGS I 
I on any UPS Shipping I 
I (over $10.00) I 
LI 1 coupon per customer. ..I 
-------------

• BOXES, TAPES, ETC. 
La Jolla Villa e Dr. 

• UPS & U.S. MAIL 
• MAJOR CARRIERS 

c u,...------- JId. 
!! c:-..,......,.. 

~ 
~ Nobel Dr. Phone : ~-1~, Fax:~~ Hotiday Hrs. : M·F 8·7. Sat. 9-6 

IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE NUMBERS, 
YOU WON'T GET THE LEITERS 

587-8600. 
WE'LL MAKE SURE YOU EXCEL. 

LSAToGMAToGRE·MCKT. GRAD TEST PREPARATION 

The UCSD Guudlaa 

PEIITION 
ConIInued ........ 2 
member, expressed skepticism with 
!he petition drive. 

According 10 Proffitt, the peti-
tion wiD do no good if it asks to 
continue the traditionofTGsaaainst 
policies and laws. "It jUSl won't 
watt that way," Proffitt said. 

Massaro said that. "a lot of stu-
dents are incerested in saving the 
TGs," despite the fact that mosl 
fUSl-year SIUdenIs don'l know whal 
the TGs are, and sophomores expe-
rienced the TGs only during their 
downfall. 

He also points oul, however, thai 
many seniors have expressed an al-
titude of '''we're graduating, we 
don't care.· .. 

"A lot of student really have no 
idea what's going on - some even 
think [TGs arel still going on," he 
added. 

MoDday, NOftIDbcr 15, 1991 

a..a.. ,.. 

Currently, Massaro has anained 
the suppon of the Associated Stu-
dents for the petition and will try to 
obtain faculty suppon this week. 
Faculty suppon, he said, will "make 
the argument thai much stronger." 

Capacity crowds covered the Hump and the gym steps during this 
September 1988 Untouchables concert back in the TGs' heyday. 

A.S. Vice President Administra-
tive Mike Holmes said. "If we can 
get [faculty) support, it changes the 
whole outcome for the TGs." 

Before the fate of the TGs is 
decided, the issue must go before 
theASAC. Administrators met with 
the ASAC Friday, but A.S. Presi-
dent Agustin Orozco will not dis-
cuss the issue with the conunittee 
until early next quarter. 

According to A.S. Coounissioner 
of Programming Daniel80ndurant. 
a dry TG will be held on Friday, 
Dec. 6. The earliesa TG with alco-
hol. if alcohol is allowed at future 
TGs, could possibly take place on 
March 6. 

ASK ABOur OUR 
lsi TIME BUYER 

ASSISTANCE PROGRAM 
We're dealing now with 

the rreshest new inventory 
or Passats. Jeltas, Golfs. 
Foxes, Cabriolets and 

Corrados. 

VOLKSWAGEN. 
Now available at 
((IIl'I' \1111111<' 

. - -- - - - --

" 9111 Miruw Ill. " 
MIRA MESA 

S78-86OO 
!"=.1J...~ w_ 

Patrick Cross, a Warren College 
junior on the ASAC, said that fol-
lowing the Friday meeting with ad-
ministrators, "It sounds like [the 
TGs) are going to be changed." 

"With alcohol, there is just way 
too much I iability to affonl," Cross 
said. 

According to the TG petition, 
liability is not an issue. "Because of 
the numerous safety measures em-
ployed above and beyond what has 
been expected, there have been no 
serious incidents in the TG's entire 
15-year hislory." 

Walson suggested earlier this 
year that the event be moved from 
the Price Center 10 a field on the 
outslcins of campus to minimize the 

Bea 
Revelle 
College. 
Sophomore 

Pick up an 
or Junior 

application A.5. 
before 

Senator 
December 2 

at the Revelle 

Provost's office. 

visibility of the TGs. This, he said, 
would reduce the image of alcohol 
promotion that the TGs present. 

Watson offered locoverany costs 
associated with the move to the 
fields. However, the move would be 
too expensive for Watson to cover 
due to costs such as the generator, 
the fencing and the transportation of 
equipment, acconling to Orozco. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
UndergraduateAffairs Tom Tucker 
said, ''The statement from I Watson) 
was, if it's reasonable, he would 
make up the cost." 

The $4,000 extra per TG associ-
ated with the move to a field elimi-
nated that option. 

Inaddition, according to Proffitt, 
athletics staff members didn't want 
to see their fields trampled by the 
TG crowds. The grass of Pryatel 
Field, near the Warren apartments, 
is grown over sand and can easily be 
destroyed, she added. 

Bonduranl said field TGs are "a 
logistical nightmare. 1bere is a 
chance that it could happen, but it's 
JUS! not worth it." 

Problems with the Price Center 
loca1ion have also surfaced. Accord-
ing 10 Bonnie Harmon, Sunshine 
Store manager, "The problem for us 
is Ihat it causes us to close down 
early. It does affect 118- that's the 
one thing I reaDy want to Sb'e:SS." 

Orozco said his lak81theASAC 
meeting wiD be IOCOIIvincethecom-

. mitteethatthePriceCenterisagood 
location for TGs wim alcohol. 

"The [Price Center] event was 
on an experimental basis. All along 
[the administration] was setting it 
up so that the Price Center TG was 
not permanenl in nature - now we 
have 10 make il pennanenl," he said 

Said Holmes, though, "As far as 
I'm concerned, if we can't have a 
TG wim beer in the Price Cenler, 
then we're going 10 have it with beer 
somewhere else." 

Ca'--Copit,J 
I' , 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AYAR..Aa.E 

M r R )0 (. pm' . " .' 
S.lt l.l pm. 1 I 

1erJ1IDer 2nd and 5th are the 
next and the last Guardian 
issues until Jan. 6, 1992. 

Monday, Nowmbcr 25, 1991 

CRmlT 
ContInueII fIOIn .... 1 

''111erc wasn't any vigorous dis-
cussion of keeping it open." said 
Eric Fusselman, a Warren College 
senior and the student repraenta-
tive to the Board of Directors. "h 
was JUS! the grim taslc thai bad 10 be 
taken on. " 

Fusselman stressed that the clos-
ing was not the faula of the Student 
Credit Union, buI rather was a result 
of the preSent fmancial staIUS of 
U.S.B. 

"In the last three months, we did 
everylhing we could 10 reduce 
costs," Wall said. Measures taken 
included a 50 percenl cuI in SIaff, a 
cut in hourly wages, and discontinu-
ing extrancousoffice needs like plant 
service. 

"It was bare bones," she said 
Bul, she added. there were costs that 
could not be cuI, like Loomis Ar-
mored Carservice, expenses in Visa 
services, and postage. 

According to Wall, the U.S.E. 
gave other local credit unions the 
opportunity to sponsor the Sludent 
Credil Union, bul none accepted. 

Fusselman noted that the way 
the credit union was opened and run 
at first was "extravagant" and per-
haps not appropriale fora university 
setting. "[U.S.E.] had visions of a 
really largecredil union. and planned 
accordingly," Fusselman said. 

He added that U.S.E. understood 
from the start that the SlUdent Credit 
Union would not make money for aI 
leas! the first four or five years. 

Wallagreed,andsaidthatU.S.E. 
was depending on a large loan vol-
ume because lhe credil union did 
not charge the students high fees in 

A.S. 
ContInued from .... 3 
have been questions about their 
ability. 

"The only concern is that be-
cause they're not of an ethnic ori-
gin other than white, that they 
wouldnotputonthefestivalequi-
tably, "he said. HolmescaUed such 
racially-based concerns "Iudi-
emus." 

"1be whole idea that we had to 
qualify ourselves was outra-
geous," said Robens, who worked 
with Riser during the summer to 
draw up a written proposal of 
their plans for the Culture Quest 
Festival. 

Riser said thai the person who 
had commented on Roberts' and 
her ethnicity had never discussed 
the concerns with either of them, 

The UCSD Guardian 

The UCSD Student Credit Union student accounts will be transferred over 
to the U.S.E. Credit Union, the Student Credit Union's parent company. 

order to Slay competitive. 
Both Fusselman and Wan 

stressed that students who use the 
Studenl Credit Union should not 
panic aboul their accounts. "Once 
the Student Credit Union is closed, 
students will have access to the 
U.S.E.," Wall said. 

The closest U.S.E. credit union 
is located on campus on Gilman 
Drive. 

At the U.S£., sludents with 
checking accounts will be charged 
$5 rather than the original $4 for not 
maintaining a minimum baJance of 

so she confronled the person. 
"When I went in [to talk 10 the 
person],1 went in angry. I felt like 
I had to prove my qualification," 
she said. 

Orozco acknowledged that he 
is thecouncilmember whom Riser 
confronted. 

"I had concerns early on ... I 
don' t want to hide that," he said. 

Orozco said his concerns were 
bascd on his impression that "there 
are a couple of [cultural) groups 
on campus who are usually more 
represented" in events like Cul-
ture Quest, such as the African 
American Student Union (AASU) 
orMEChA. 

"I said to [Riser], 'Idon'tknow 
if you would be able to work with 
these groups and make a Culture 
Quesa work ... there's tension that 
comes up on boIh sides," he said. 

$400. Students with savings ac-
counts will be charged $2 for not 
maintaining a minimum balance of 
$200, but any savings amounl can 
earn interest. AI the Student Credit 
Union, savings accounts were free 
but did not earn interest 

According to Wall, Visa and loan 
services will remain the same. 

Fusselman said that he and Doug 
Hutshings, who was involved in the 
opening of the credit union, will 
explore the option of opening an-
other student credit union with a 
"much differenl configuration. " 

Orozco added thaI he never 
3iU1OUnced his concerns to the 
entire A.S. council. 

He said that he now thinks 
Riser and Roberts have proven 
that they are well-<Jualified and 
thai "they'll do an excellent job." 

Holmes said that the type of 
recent events which have resulted 
in accusations of racism and bias 
are new to the council. 

"I haven't seen it previous to 
this and now that iI's coming up, 
iI's shocking and disturbing," he 
said. 

"To say thai Victor cannot be 
on the Registration Fee Commil-
tee because of his affiliation with 
SMC or that Mama and Mich-
elle cannot put on the Culture 
Quesl Feslival because they're 
while are equally ridiculous," 
Holmes said 

NEWS 9 

WEDNESDAYS fro. 6 to 10 PM 
UeSD NIGHI A1 

~~\l. ~.;J~ ~\t~ [p()~ ~ ~ 
LARGE 
PIZZAS $5.99 
(wi lh .. udenltD, SI.OO pcr lopping) 

Take 1·5 nonh to Del Mar Heights. right on Del 

Dun 
BEERS $1 

(upon proof 0(21) 

• Dol Mar Htoghl$ ~ 
" Slun. ~ 

'IZZA ! 
f 

Mar Heights. then right on Carmel Country Road. un. ~ 
look for it on the right hand side • 

12840 CARMEL COUNTRY ROAD • PHONE 481·5TUF 

ROBERT'S 
A 0 
GERMAN. SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5.·30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

"_"',L£ I II 
_.....-.. 

"_r~'.l!n 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

0Elclpt mator aad Innppioeion cmrbnI. Not valid with aay other coupon. 



10 The UCSD Guardian 

Is coming to the 
University of California, 
San Diego 

AJpha Chi Omega will be 

colonizing the week of January 12. 
For more information, 
contact Panhellenic at either 

534-6657 or 534-4090. 

Monday, November 25,1991 

Our National Officers, 

Collegiate Leadership 

Consultants, and 

members of nearby 

Alpha Chi Omega 

chapters look forward 

to meeting you. 

Moaday, Nowmber 25,1991 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

Sagehens Shot Down by UCSD 
• Men's basketball opens with 88-53 romp over 
Pomona-Pitzer; ranked fifth by Sports Illustrated 
arK.- ........ 
.tssocI«e Sports EtlItJJr 

In whalthe UCSDmen '5 basket-
bell k*1l is hopina win bcoome a 
trend for their new 1991-92 cam-
paign, the Tritons stomped the 
Slgehens of Pomona-PiIZer Friday 
night 88-S3. 

Few teams could expect more 
from their home opener as UCSD 
penned the hens from the opening 
tip-off. In fact, Pomona dido 't even 
register doubIc figwa until almost 
midway duough the first half. 

The COIIIest IIW fairly close, at 
least for the first few mirutes. With 
UCSD maintaining • slim lead, 
sophomore guard Erik Johnson 
came off the bench and nailed a 
three-point shot. Johnson's basket 
was enough to kick-start the Triton 
offense which wenI on to take. ~ 
point hlJflime lead at 47-27. 

1besecand half was much of the 
ume 15 UCSD continued to rattle 
off poinIs. Pomona-Pitzcr couldn't 
seem to buy • basket and the 
Saphena' virtually non-existent 
defeme left the Tritons wide open to 
gel off aood sbocs. 

"We shot wen ... we were get-
ting the shoes," said UCSD Head 
Coach Tom Marshall. "The defense 
was sin.ted in such a way IhaI they 
wen: DOl forcing [us] to take shoes." 

Johnson, after coming off the 
bench, was six-fur-nine in the game 
including two thRe-pointers. His 
outside ahooIing continued to leave 
Pomona Slupified. 

".JohnIoo played very wen for 
us, " Mmhall said. "His role on the 
team is IS • sbooIcr." 

The game appeared to be • good 
warm-up for UCSD as every Triton 
got playing time. .. It WIS • great 

team cffOl1." Marshall said. "We 
got everyone to play some signifi-
cant minutes, [and we) gOl a 101 of 
the nervousness out of everyone." 

Rick Ban. on the strength of 
some inside spin moves, picked up 
13 points on the cvening. Chris 
Moore wasseven-for-12 inthe game 
for 14 points. 

John Spence. who contributed 
II to the Tritons' cause, also man-
aged to yank down six rebounds, 
five off the offensive glass. 

Freshman guard Joey Drake in 
his first game as a Triton added 
eight points and pounded the boards 
for six rebounds. 

" Drake is a very aggressive 
player," said Marshall, pleased with 
the penormance. "Hc's a hungry 
kid." 

Earlier this month, Sports illus-
trated picked ranked UCSD fifth in 
the preseason polls in Division m. 
'-sa c .... Sports EdtorChrll R .. 
nIer contrIIIuted to tIIII report. John Spence totaled 11 points and pulled down fIVe offensive rebounds. 

Aclv .. tI •• In 1118 Guard_. call 534-3466 for more illfo. 

BICYCLE 
CLEARANCE SALE 

pnAQBIKES 8.E.G SAU; 
CLUB FUJI $499 $311 
CLUB FUJI '90 $459 S338 
FWIROUBAIX $649 $548 
RALEIGH OLYMPIAN $399 S338 
RALEIGH SUPERCOURSE $510 $421 
IIOUHIAIH RlKES 
FWI SILHOUETTE $169 $138 
FWI SUNDANCE $599 $488 
FWI PROFESSIONAL $849 $748 
RALEIGH TALON $310 ... 

Ii! RALEIGH TACTIC $359 S2II RALEIGH TRAVERSE $419 S34I RALEIGH TANGENT $479 $311 RALEIGH OBSESSION $491 $311 RALEIGH HEAT $542 ..... 
en RALEIGH CHILL $698 

-RALEIGH PEAK $984 $7It8 

QMt8llMft UC8DamE ,., .. SHOP 
AllGIro1WmMl In the Student Center Hcua: Mon. - Fri. 
tftOFFl 10AM-SPM 

GiIo hardtop c:hIIdrwI's 534-4271 hllmltnow." AI .... '*'" IimiI8d 10 IIOck on Iw1d 
IJ ~ON · Brakes I. US . Struts 1_ . Front E 

, .. ,"ECIAL r, CE.TEIIS • Alignments 
~-----T-----T--~;;: 
• FOUR-WHEEl I ~ • Alignment • 
• BRAKE I AlgI.... • fnInI..... • 
• SPECIAL I '249!..... • :== • 
: $6995 1-:~;~: ;; : 
• ... "'eM> I ........ • ......... _ • 
.,......... "=':"' t..:-_. ~,- . 

• ....... pa.,.. L-----r----:.J 
• .::a.:.:=.,:,. roo Chqe SpecIal S1ruI PICbge • 
• -..... I tg95 • Coo~"" • L _:-.::. _..I _" ..... _ .... s..,..=.~ .• 
• Front End ~...,==-..... -_ ..... '-~ 
• 

AI .... -.m r.::.;.;.;; ;;:.-.::. ~= -""",H'_"' """,, __ 
• $1495 I SeMel SpecIII. GIa... • 
• --.... -.... I SSQItS • $1 Q95 - • 
L ..... '1IM1 ... c.w. __ =--.... _u.a:~_ . 
----- ----".. .....-L -_. ,- ..... '_. .J 

.=rDllDn.. -- --
• .. a loiNotngI"r' "III 
Miramar AulD Center 
6696 MinIIIr Rd. II 

558-8562 

Winston Square 
3112 Midway Dr. ID 

223-2248 

San Diego's ~evolutionary MCAT prep course! 
More'than 130 hours of intensive review. 
Run 'by outstanding full-time teachers who really care. 
Over 1,400 pages of new format review materials, 
questions and tests. 
A writing curriculum with 14 MCAT style essays 
(7 critiqued and graded). 
Four structured classes per week over twelve weeks. 
Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students/class. 
Convenient classrooms across the street from UCSD. 

lOam-Midnite .I!!1U. ____ 1 ____ .. _ ... 
~II JJ-Ierl .,1::1:1, ., III '!:I (619) 455-1000 

Education for the Space-Age 
Space Science and Engineering Courses 

(WInter - Spring -1992) 
Are you interested in exploration and use of outer space. Are you excited by the exploits 
of the astronauts andJot' the accomplishments of the space missions. As a science or 
engineering major, would you like to aim for a career in the space program? "the answer 
to these questions is YES. then these courses are for youl 

Two courses, designed primarily for science and engineering majors at the upper division 
level, will be offered Winter and Spring this year. Ouantitative and analytical, rather than 
purely descriptive, they are intended to be the core sequence for what we hope will 
become a new, interdepartmental minor in SPACE SCIENCE and ENGINEERING. 

AIlES 144A (Winter '82) SPACE SCIENCE. ENGINEERING I 
AMES 144B (Spring '82) SPACE SCIENCE. ENGINEERING II 

ELEcnyE CREDIT 
Can be credited as technical electives for engineering and science majors. 
PREREQUISITES 

Upper-division standing in a UCSD science or engineering department. or equivalent 
background in math and science. While the courses are designed to fit together, each 
can be taken separately. 

Ouestlons about prerequisites, electlve credit, or the proposed new minor may be 
directed to Prof..." Allin Schneider, AMES (4-3181) or Professor James Arnold, 
Chemistry (4-2908). 

•.. , 



. , 

12 SPOJl.TS '!'be VCSD GaMdiaD MoncIq, No.embcr l5, 1991 

Tritons Third 
At Redlands 
Toumament 

Ice Hockey Beats UC DavIs &2 

Brann •• 1 r 
AssocIIU Spotts EdItDr 

The UCSD women's baskeIbaIl 
leam split its first two pmeI of the 
season this weekend at the Univer-
sity of Redlands tounwnenl 

1beUCIDloIlllcI., ea.,... 
1-100. wetUadRMld IripfONonb-
em Ca1ifomia, fIllinJ to San Joee 
SIIIIc 12-OooFridayniahtand~ 
ina UC Davis 6-2 00 SIIIunIay. 

The SputanI entered Friday 
ni ... ·, pIIIe.venainI rouahIy 10 
pllperpme. 

In Salwday's game ...u- the 
Aagiei. ............ notched 
a ba& trick for UCSD. while Tea 

8auId added a pi and 10 assist. 
FENCN 

TbeUCID _' ........ 
....swept.mea wiIb Occidcalal 
IDd c.l SWe FuDenon IhiI week-
end in PMada .. , knocki"l off Oay 
9-7 IIId baIiaa CSUF 1~3. The 
men blew away Occideral23-4bul 
lost 10 the adIOS 17-10. The loa 
dropped the men's season reconIlO 

4-3. while the women anl7-O. 
""'....,..led the women 

by aoina 16-3, whiIe"'~ 
,... 16-8. Other ouwandina per-
foe ...... wac turned in by ...., 
to" .m{l4-9).~"" 
(8-3)1Dd ....... 1IcC*..,(19-3). 

The men were led by CIvIl 
....,. whowas.perfecl6-0.1Nnt 
OIl ... (S-I), ~ ...... (S-
I) and JaIIn FI'IIIb (4-2). 

With only fourtcams in the com-
petition, it served as, good way for 
a 101 of players to get some playing 
time in preparation for the Tritons' 
home opener tIlis Tuesday against 
Pomona-Pitzer. 

Gwynn, Reza Pace Cross Country 
The Tritons fell just short in their 

opener against Biola, losing 69-68. 
Head Coach Judy MaIone hinted 
that one of the reasons UCSD might 
have lost the game was because 
only 13 minutes into the cootest, 
Kathleen Alvarez. the Tritons , start-
ing point guard, sprained her ankle. 
" If Kathleen hadn't gotten hurt. we 
probably would have beal them," 
Malone said. The injury is expected 
to sideline Alvarez tIlrough Tues-
day. 

There were some bright spots, 
though. for UCSD. Carl Young had 
22 points and IO rebounds. Tricia 
Stilwell had 18 points and was three-
for-six from three-point range. Lisa 
Beaver also threw in 16 points. 

While UCSD shot well from the 
floor. hitting 51 percent of its shots, 
it was free-throw shooting that killed 
the Tritons. UCSD made only nine-
of-20 from the line the entire game, 
and missed some crucial free throws 
down the slretch. 

Biola went on to win the tourna-
ment by beating host Redlands in 
tile finals. 

In the consolation match. UCSD 
dominated the Azusa Pacific Cou-
gars 87-56. The Triton held the 

carl Yourc had 35 points in two 
games and was namedAl~Toumey. 
Cougars 10 just 35 percent shooting. 
whilehining51 percent of their own 
shots. "We dominated on the defen-
ive end, .. MaIone said. 

Offensively. UCSD was led by 
Stilwell. whosetatoumamentreconl 
witll six three-pointers. She hit six-
of-seven from three-point range on 
the night. Overall, she wenl nine-
for- II . "They were camping inside. 
so we pounded from the outside," 
MaIone said. 

Young tossed in 13 points. and 
Monique Vaillancowt set a lourna-
ment record with 10 assists. With 
Alvarez out, the Tritons' back-up 
point guard, Sara Mease, got some 
extended playing time. and MaIone 
was impressed witll her perfor-
mance. "She did a real goodjob. She 
played steady." Malone said. 

The Tritons also drastically im-
proved their free-throw shooting 
against the Cougars. making 21 ~f-
28 from the charity stripe. 

Overall. Malone was pleased 
withUCSD'sthird-placefinish. "We 
looked pretty good. We found out 
we had some good outside shoot-
ing." Malone said. 

Stilwell and Young were both 
named to the All-Tournament team. 

• Men finish in tie for 
11th at nationals, 
women's team 12th 

By Ken PerImM 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's and women's 
cross country teams can't be any-
thing less than satisfied. Coming 
into the 1991 NCAA Division m 
cross country championships in 
Newpon News, VilJinia, the Triton 
men were ranked 20th in a field of 
21 teams in the nation. and the 
women were 12th in a field of 14. 
They were a team lookina not to 
win, but to improve. 

Improve is wba& they did on Sat-
urday as the UCSD men finished in 
an II th place tie with Augustana 
(ll..). While the Triton women fm-
ished 12th. they improved on some 
persona1 times witll four runners 
finishing in the top 100. 

Last week, UCSD Head Coach 
Marte Stanforth hoped bis men's 
team would be able 10 finish in the 
top \0 in Virginia. He admitted at 
the time. however. that a top IS 
fmish would be more realistic. 

Stanfortl1 was hardly complain-
ing as his team finished just eight 
points behind St. Thomas. which 

FftIDaWQMIM 
Sam Gwynn ran a personal best at 
the In the NCAA championships. 

slid into tenth, "[Saturday's race] 
was the best race that we've run 
overall all year," he said. 

UCSD had four runners ftnish in 
the lOp 100. Sam Gwynn ran a per-
sonal best (23:36) and ftnisbed 51 st 
in the meet. Fussum Keflezighi 
waso't far behind in 59th. as he 
fmished in a time of15:44.The time 
was also a personal best for 
Keflezighi. Steve Stuart (72od. 
15:57) and Jeff Hernandez (82nd, 
26:04) finished close behind. 

While the UCSD women fin-
ished in 12th place.just nine points 
behind Ithaca (NY). they also man-
ased to finish with four runners in 
the top 100 as well as set some 
personal bests. 

VivUma Reza finished 55th set-
tingapersooal reconIof 18:49. while 
Erin Adams finished 20 places later 
at 19: 10. Karen Hinkle finished 86th 
(19:19), and Tracy Cole was the 
next runner in at (19:20). 

" .. be women did as well as we 
could have expected," Stanforth 
said. "Both teams went in there and 
campeted really well. .. 

He addedthataJtbough the course 
was a grass surface which the Tri-

tons~WJaCCUSIOmedIO.1hey didn't 
have any problems. In addition. 
Stanfortl1 said UCSD was well pre-
pared to run on a flat course. The 
Tritons have had experienceon simi-
Jar courses in recent weeks. 

The New Jersey weather condi-
tions were very similar to the con-
fines of San Diego. The sun came 
out Saturday and made nmniogcon-
ditions pleasant. 

"We were comfortable with the 
weather. It's something we were 
used to." said Stanforth. "They did 
as well as I thought they were ca-
pable of doing." 

It took Galileo 16 years to master the universe. 
You have one night. 

It seems unfair. The genius had all that time. While you have a few 
short hours to learn your sun spots from your satellites before the 
dreaded astronomy exam. 

On the other hand, VMlrin gives you the definite advantage. It helps 
keep you awake and mentally alert for hours. Safely and conveniently. So 
even when the subject matter's dull, your mind will stay razor sharp. 

If GaliIeo had used VMlrin, maybe he could have mastered the solar 
system faster, too. Revile with VIVARIN: 1.00._ r-_ ....... "_""tI.- "' __ _ 

VIVARIN" 
for fast pc'" up -safe as coffee 

Monday, Novanber 25, 1991 

Swimming 
• Women down UC 
Irvine 148-133, men fall 
to Anteate~ 161-119 
By Robin Macl.eM 
Senior Staff Writer 

After most home meets, the 
UCSD swim team usually has prac-
tice. But after Saturday's dual meet 
against UC Irvine, the Tritons went 
home early. 

The reason? 80th the men's and 
women '5400 freestyle relay teams 
swam fast Real fast. Why? Triton 
Coach Darrell Swenson gave them 
an incentive - half the scheduled 
workout if one of the relays won. no 
workout at all if both relays won. 

The nature of a relay lends to an 
increase in intensity and excitement 
by itself. But add to tIlis 40 swim-
mers witll tile chance to go home 
early. and the final 15 minutes of the 
meet took on added importance-
for the Tritons atleasl 

led off by junior Jamee Couch, 
the women's400-yard relay had 00 
trouble with the Anteaters. Fresh-
men COMie Romero and Diane 
Wegienka added to the lead estai>-
lished by Couch during the middle 
two legs of the race. Senior Christy 
Parker anchored the relay which 
finished nearly eight seconds ahead 
of ucr in a time of 3:45.89. 

Half the workout was eliminated. 
The men's relay team of Nate 

Szymanowski, Ryan Chapman, 
Travis Miller and Judd GIlI;SSCr kept 
the rest of the team on edge until the 
IasI second of the meet. Down by a 
yard going into the last leg. Glasser 
was able to capita1iz.e on a bad tum 
by the Irvine anchor and then beat 
him to the touch for the victory. and 
it was time to go home. 

Despite winning the final relay. 
the Triton men fell to Irvine 161-
119 while the women came out on 
top 148-133. "We met our expecta-
tions and swam better as a group." 
Swenson said. 

Jocelyn Rothbard. SabrinaLum, 
Brenda Weigel and divers Jill Jack-
son and Ruth Prange led the way for 
the Triton women. The five c0m-
bined for seven first-place and three 
second-place finishes. 

The Triton divers had an out-
standing meet, .sweeping both the 
one-meter and three-meter events. 
Jackson took lOp honors in both 
while Prange was second in the 
three-meter and third in the one-
meter. Senior Cathy Woodnotchcd 
a second in theone-meter and team-
mate Julie Goldstein rounded out 

The UCSD Guardian 

Meet With UCI 

Jill Jackson had an outstanding meet, finishing first in both the one-meter 
and three-meter diving events for the UCSD women's swim team. 
the sweep with a third-place finish relay team. Miller tumed in two 
in the three-meter. firsts in the 100 and 200-yard back. 

Double workouts and little rest According to Swenson, this 
proved to be no problem for year's NCAA championship time 
Rothbard, an All-American and two- standardsaresignificantlyfastertllan 
time NCAA fmals qualifier. She past years due to cutbacks in the 
took first in both the 100 and 200- NCAA budget. Distance freestyler 
yard freestyle events and finished a Mark Fahlen is hoping to make his 
close second in the lOO-yard back. cut in the 1,650 in two weeks at the 
an event she said she "doesn't usu- USC Grand Prix Meet at Belmont 
ally swim." Plaza in Long Beach. At Saturday's 

Lwn. meanwhile. took first in meet Fahlen turned the I,OOO-yard 
the 100 aod 200-yard butterfly event into a 1,650 in order to see 
e~ents. Weigel, witll a timeof25.30. how close he was to the cut. 
won the 5O-yaro free and took scc- With rest, time to get over a cold. 
ODd and third respectively in the 100 and only about eight seconds to cut 
and 200-yard fly. Swenson noted offSaturday's time, "Fahlen should 
the perfonnance of Weigel who make it easily," Swenson said. 
"swam a unique combination of The approach to dual meets by 
sprints and distance and did well in the team and the coaches is to take 
both. .. the intensity level up a notch from 

Sophomore Allison Dunn added what Swenson calls their "lactate 
to the Triton scores with strong per- workouts" during the week. 
fonnances in the 100 and 200-yard "We are looking for the swim-
breaststroke. mers to show mechanical improve-

For the men Swenson pointed to ment using what they've done in 
the perfonnance of sophomore practice." Swenson said. "We were 
RobinPerezinthelOO-yardfly.His hoping for an increase in perf or-
time of 55.86 is two-and-one-half manceover!astweek's meet against 
seconds faster than at this time last Pepperdine. Overall I think we did 
year, which is promising consider-
ingPerez was atinalist at last year's 
NCAA championship meet. 

Pete Shim turned in a notable 
third-place swim in the 4QO.yard 
1M with a time of 4:23.80. In addi-
tion to being pan of the first-place 

that" 
The Triton swimmers were 

happy to go home early and were 
generally pleased with their perfor-
mance. ''The team, as a whole,swam 
beUerthan they expected," Rothbard 
said 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

.505 COlta Verde Blvd, • 587·4844 
COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR WASH ~ 

WE .. CYCLE 
CMMWATlit 

z.® 
--ucso 

• 
L. ".". YIII.,. Dr. UTe 

I II I J : .. 1 Dr. • 
OPEN 7 DAYS. AU SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SIELL au _ , DIESEL AT COIFET1TIVE PRICES 
------------~----------! FuliSIrvIce 3 99 ! 

: ~~~6~ f~ YiAs!! -.....:" 
I C"RWAS/i ....... ..,_*. SAYU4.o1 I 
I ~~ I 
------------------------

w. V-BALL 
ContInued from paCe 20 
and we played almost error-free." 

Everything looked to be well in 
place for tile nation's No. I-ranked 
tearn to take on the No. 2-ranked 
Bears. 

But things didn't quite tum out 
as expected. 

Before UCSD had an opportu-
nity to break a sweat, Washington 
rattled off four quick points. 

The Tritons seemed to be plagued 
by bad passing and couldn' t get the 
ball over the net. 

"We started so poorly. It was our 
worst pass ing job all year," 
Dannevik said. 

But the Triton managed to re-
gaintheirfocus and squeak out a 16-
14 win. Dannevik was left wonder-
ing about things to come. "I don't 
know how we won the fi rst game," 
he said. "We were lucky." 

UCSD'sproblemsbecame more 
apparent during the second game. 
Not only was Washington pound· 
ing the bal l at the weaker Triton 
blockers, but a huge and boisterous 
crowd made it difficult forthe UCSD 
players to call out plays or call for 
balls. 

"Wecouldn ' t even hearourselve 
think much less communicate," 
Dannevik said. 'They had a very 
big home-court advantage." 

With tile match tied at one game 
apiece UCSD looked as if it were 
going to take control. In what 
Dannevik called the best game of 
the match for the Tritons. UCSD 
dug in and pulled out a 15-9 win. 

That momentum carried it elf 
into the fourth game where it looked 
as if UCSD's problems had been 
merely temporary. 

Up two games-to-one. the Tri-
tons managed to go up by seven, 11 -
4. 

But for some reason - that the 
Tritons are still at a loss to explain 
- they began to play tentatively. 
Slowly but surely ,theBearschipped 
away at the lead, and the crowd got 
back into the match. 

Washington's momentum snow-
balled as it managed to tie the score 
at 13-13 before taking tile 15-13 . 
victory. 

"I [thought] that we had the match 
in the fourtl1 game." Dannevik said. 

"It was a completely mental 
game. Washingtonwasjustplaying 
with the momentum." said senior 
Elizabeth Tan. "They just played us 
with everytl1ing they had." 

"Maybe we were thinking too 
much," said setter Julie Fabian. 
"'There wasn't the feeling that we 
were playing our game. We just 

SPORTS 13 

couldn ' t put [the fourth game] 
away." 

With the wind gone from their 
sails, the Tritons had little that they 
could carry into the final game. 
Washington ran off four straight 
points before gliding to the easy win 
to clinch the tide. 

Despite the fact that UCSD was 
not at its best, the Tritons did man-
age to hold off the Bears until the 
fifth and final game. 

"We played with them. "Tan said. 
"We were just missing thetlement 
that allows one team to win agame." 

"There was a total intangible. 
There wasjust something that wasn't 
working and we never had control 
of the match," said Liz Vesanovic, a 
junior on this year's squad. 

"Washington Universitywa just 
more powerful and they played 
well," Dannevik said. "We just 
stopped playing at the level we 're 
capable of. 1 think we perfomled at 
a very high level with the cards 
stacked against us. Washington 
University's level of play was just 
extremely high." 

At times, the Bears' bigger and 
stronger players seemed to over-
whelm the Tritons. Washington had 
three players withmore than 24 kills 
in the match. 

"We were basically playing on 
the defensive," Tan said. "We 
couldn ' t do the mall things." 

"We never really got into the 
groove," Fabian said. 

"They just out-performed us at 
the net," said Dannevik. "We rely 
more on a finesse type of game." 

Despite the disappointing loss, 
Dannevik was full of pmise for his 
players. 

"We showed a lot of class," he 
said. "Players like Julie Fabian did a 
great job in their fi rst real champi-
onship competition." 

Vesanovic also played well for 
UCSD. "She is a true winner and 
she really played her heart out," said 
Dannevik. 

The weekend, howe~er, was not 
without its share of Triton honors. 
Tan was named the 1991 Division 
III Playerofthe Year. "It was a great 
honor and she was truly deserving," 
Dannevik said. 

"Recognition is nice, but tile fact 
that we didn't win [the match] is 
hard," said Tan. 

"It was a nice thing, but the team 
comes first." 

While Dannevik was disap-
pointed with the outcome of the 
match, he managed to stay upbeat. 
"We can 't always play at our best," 
he said. 

"I'm just really. really proud of 
how we hung in there." 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ &S -.~-.• ~ 
· teve s lallnatural l : 1'111 .-\ FROGEN YOZURT~ 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE YOGURT: Free FLYING : 
or ICE CREAM : with 3.00 DISC : 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

• equal or lesser Value 
for Free. 

Mu§1 pr~sent IhlJ ad at tune of purchase 
Offer subje<1 10 r.""""lion without oooce 

Dlsco-JnIS no t v.lid wifh orher d.scounl s 
or coupoot Maximum dt5Count on any 

purchase ,s S3 00 Toppings not ,nclud..'<1 

-(Good Onlv al Cm la V .. rdt! : C'JOOd Only al Costa \k rd .. 

• 
• 
• 
• 

••••• ExpIres 12/16/91 •••••••••• txpIe 12/26191 •••••• 
in the Costa Verde Shopping Center : 

8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego· 450-3044: 
Directly Across From Universi ty Towne Centre : 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



1. SPOllTS The UCSD G1urcIiID Monday, Noftmbcr lS, 1991 

NCAA DIVISION III SOCCER NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 
UCSO 1 TRENTON STATE 0 

Alberts' Practice Paid Off in Win over the Bishops 
....... .....-: Mike Albert's penalty kick was 
enough to help the Tritons upset Ohio Wesleyan 

sure I'm 100 pm:ml ready." 
A1bens has emerged over the 

course of the year _ UCSD's pen-
alty-kid spcciaiisL In the t0urna-
ment alone, he took four, coovett-
ing three. According to Armstrong, 
Alberts takes the pcnaIty kicks for 
one reason: "He wanlS to." 

Lodocn was out willi a pulled ham-
SIJina. Md would haveaoublc kick-
ing a t.1I of tissue riJIII now, let 
alone a soccer ball. "It was down to 
me. Proc:cssofeliminlllion. " Alberts 
said. 

ably JOCtIen a comer kick out of 
hiadrive. 

Said Ohio Wesleyan Head 
Coach John Martin: "It was a 
penalty. The refcaUed iL I don't 
apeeordisape.honesI roGod. " 

By PeterKo 
Spotts Editor 

Call it a premonition. Friday 
afternoon, UCSD Head Coach 
Derek Armstrong strolled by the 
soccer fields to see a rail figure 
practicing penalty I-'.icks all by 
his lonesome. 

Forward Mike Alberts was 
bootiPg ball after ball into an 
empty net. Thirty-five times. 
"Unbeknownst to me," Arm-
strong said. 

Saturday aftemoon, Alberts 

M.SOCCER 
ContInued from ..... 20 
back to the ropes and all the marbles 
on the line. 

It started with a compound frac-
ture to the leg of UCSD forward 
Ryan Nutting against these same 
Lions in early September. The sea-
son was jusl five minules old 

What followed was a coach's 
nightmare: the tearn's worst stan in 
nine years - "We were terrible," 
said forward Chris Romey - , an 
ineffecti ve offense - "Two [goals I 
seemed to be our max," said for-
ward Chris Hanssen - and ques-
lions about whetherthis year's squad 
was playoff material, let alone win-
ning a champion hip. 

Even when things started to go 
lheir way - in the form of a tourna-
ment berth - someone saw fit to 
deallhe Tritons another blow: a tom 
hamstring for Lodoen against Wis-
consin-Oshkosh in the second round 
Ihat wiped him out for Ihe year. 

"As soon as Nutting got hurt, I 
thought our season was finished. As 
soon as Lodoen got hurt, I thought 
our season was finished," said 
UCSD Head Coach Derek Arm-
strong. "And look what happened." 

" I thoughl they were two of their 
better offensive players," said Tren-
ton State Head Coach Rick Dell. 
"And they weren't in the match." 

Still, UCSD never blinked. In-
Slead, the Tritons, who had already 
plowed an oil well, dug even deeper 
into their hearts. "Whoever wants il 
lhe most," Romey said. "It comes 
down to attitude." 

Attitude is a Romey specialty. 
Despite their advancement in the 
tournament, the Tritons were tight 
and tense. TIle pressure was getting 

was booting a ball into the upper 
right-handcomerofthe rIC( from the 
penalty kick mark against No. I 
Ohio Wesleyan that launched UCSD 
into the national championship 
game, and what would eventually 
be its second title in four years. 

"It always seems ro come down 
to something like this. You've al-
ways gOltO be prepared forstufflike 
this," Alberts said "I wanledto prac-
tice walking up to the ball. You've 
got to get into a rhythm. It's some-
thing 10 cover my bases, to make 

Alberts isn't really sure how he's 
emerpd 81 the designaled penaIty-
kick specialist. "I guess it's because 
if I miss. it doesn't ruin my life IS 
much as ocher guys. I can take miss-
ing them." he said. laughing. 

A1bens also noted that Mike 
Lodoen is the other player who nor-
mally takes penalty kicks. But 

Saturday', kick wu set up when 
forwanl Ouis H.nssen was lripped 
just outside them-yard box by Ohio 
Wesleyan's Ollis Duff and Ryan 
Burton, who were tryina desper-
ately to cut off a crossing pass. 

Goalie Reed Welch raced to 
linesman RJ. Anderson and imme-
diately questioned the severity of 
the call. Hanssen said afterwards 
that at most, he would have ~ 

In any event, AIbetts placed 
hia sholto the right. while Welch . 
dove to A1bens' left. "I had a 
feeling. • gut feeling." Welch 
said. Must have been a bad lunch. 

Alberts said thai he didn't 
have any panicuIar reason for 
goingtotherighL "It's how I feel 
when I walk up to the ball, what 
I'm most comfonable with at the 
time." 

Brave words, especially from 
Madden who had struggled the en-
tire toumamenL "One goal. One 
goal against Oshkosh," said Mad-
den, explaining his slump. '"TIle one 
thai bounced over my head. 

"We WOIted all week on my 
confidence. I told myself, 'We're 
not garma win this thing without 
me. We may not win it because of 
rne,but we're not gorma win it with-
out me.'" 

DIrI iiCIlIIMIII'*-IIIrn 
Freshman forward Ken Fujii fights off Trenton State fullback Paul Burroughs In the Tritons' 1~ win yesterday. 

The results had shown immedi-
ately on the field Just seven min-
utes into the Ohio Wesleyan game, 
Duff fired a bullet toward !he far 
posL Madden dove and punched the 
ball over the net, seemingly lighting 
a fire under the Tritons' defense that 
carried it to two straight shutouts. 
This, after allowing seven goals in 
the previous three games. "I think it 
was a lack of confJdc:nce in me most 
of all," Madden said to them and crock were beginning 

to how in the form of disputes on 
the field and emotional outbursts. 

TIley needed something to loosen 
them up. Enter Romey. "He's in his 
ownJittle world," said forward Mike 
Alberts, the tournament's most valu-
able offensive player. 

Wednesday aflernoon, Romey 
told some teanunates that he was 
going to put on a cast. "We said, 
'Okay, but we're gonna lose a for-
ward, 'cause Derek's gonna shoot 
you, .. , Hanssen said. The 6-3 for-
ward ignored the advice and ven-
tured out to the practice field with a 
cast on his leg and trainer ~ia 
KJaiber at his side. Stunned by the 
loss of his leading scorer wilh h 
national championship inches from 
his grasp, Annstrong, in Romey's 
words, "lost it. He really losl it." 

"Derek gets really disorienled, 
and he starts wandering around aim-

lessly," Hanssen said "Everybody 
clears out because they don't want 
Derek 10 see them when he's mad 
He usually yells something like, 
'Bloody, piss poor ... Goddamn it 
Romey!'" 

Theirspirits buoyed by Romey's 
prank, as well as a couple of ses-
sionswitQmotivalionalspeakerBob 
Moss, the Tritons hit !he field Satur-
day against No. I Ohio Wesleyan 
brimming with confidence. TIle 
game matched !he Tritons' physical 
style against the Bishops' speed. 
Armstrong had complained before 
the game that he couldn't obtain a 
scouting report, but he obviously 
knew something, because UCSD 
caught the Bishops off sides at least 
four times with an offsides trap. 

TIleTritonsdominatedbolhends 
of the field, but couldn't find the 
backofthe net.twice narrowly miss-
ing on Gerhardt headers. Annstrong 

FIND 
........ 

TIcUts 
Can 
... 
DellI 

RnIaII 
s.... 

s.rn.o.. 
A ....... 

s.III 
... 

C_paten 
........ 

...... III 

.... lnthe 
SQadert Cenller, 

IIlCMIII 
GenInI StGIe. 

was beside himself, leaping from 
the bench several times and burning 
a path in the ground in front of the 
bench, causing referee Ken Mather 
to joke, "Get some harnesses on 
them or something." 

II wasn't until a tripping foul by 
Ollis Duff and Ryan Burton on 
Hanssen in !he goal box that the 
Tritons broke through. Albens lined 
the penalty kick into the upper right-
hand comer of the net, and, in the 
process, propelled UCSD into the 
final against Trenton State, a 3-1 
winner over Babson in the other 
semifmal. 

The new-found confidence car-
ried over into Sunday. "We knew 
we could beat them," said UCSD 
goalie Michael Madden. "We'd 
played them before and only lost 2-
I. There was no way they were 
going to beat us again, especially 
not in a national championship." 

cspp 

Confidence was not a problem 
for Trenton State. "At the begin-
ning, they seemed sure that they 
were going to win," Hanssen said 

Only after Hanssen drilled a shot 
pastgoalieMikeRentnerat theSS:S7 
mark did the Lions show any sign of 
panic. "[t' s been characteristic of us 
to come back and score immedi-
ately after that, .. Dell said "But it 
just didn't happen." 

Overwnfldence might have been 
a factor. After Trenton State scored 
its third goal against Babson on 
Saturday, fullback Paul Burroughs 
strutted in front of the Lions' side-
line, anns and palms raised 10 the 
sky. "That's your championship, 
baby!" he yelled. He was only too 
wrong. 

"We came this far," Gerhardt 
said "We weren't going to let it go 
in the end. " 

SHAPING A NEW GE ERATION OF BUSINESS LFADERS 

leW 8lackm~n (JCdndln 'lfgdOlrdll<,nal tha"l!", mergers and ,e>tructunng In h,s f'OSUI<lIIas 
an Or~dOl ZA""".,1 C>ruuh.n, al Hughes Aircraft. His work as both a ~ch ... i>tan, al 

pp.!.. .. Anl!"les' Grganl:auIlII o.ytk'rmenl Center aoJ as a Ih,,·,j yt'a, mlern a, a 
CIlIuol"l\I! fINn hU"N his inttrvlewlng, lU~ying. Ja,a (1,lke,i"" and analysis *111s. H. has 
",men 5 .. Irdrnrn~ "",n",,1s fur ,he Nalronal Manag"meru AsoocIOllOll 1m how to te.J work 
h"''''rs''oJ ma",,1!" (hd~. 
The: <urtlculum a' pp.!.. .. An~l .. rx(,,",,, Blackman (() Ih.latesc Jcytll'f'll1"llU In o'lll"aa· 
I""'dl Ihl'llry aoJ mlellee. ooJ Ihls '" cNCI.1 as he tum", .. jl'" secunly In hi> drssmauon. 

Bl.lC~IIl.1n 1> .1 h,nh 1''''''IUlkm ""he ClrJl.IlI~.'Il",.1 PhD f"'Wo,m dl ,he I;' "mid Sch .. ~ of 
r,"I, ., .. n.11 r ,y<h.,II'I.').!..'" AOj. .. In, a "",!-,,".m ,il.ol In''~''''' ",,0(<»1<10,11$ ~h.l Ott helrill/! 
t~IOCIUhw\s ~tnJ It) (lwnrl~X r,uNnm tn h .dty'.i d ... n~ W\wlJ. 

CSPP ...... PloD _ .. ~ ... 1_,..,......., ... ",,0'" PloD _10 CIokaI 
"',<Ioo!q,y .. _,_ 10<-.110 -...,,~ Fn.o. .... """""' ......... For __ 
................ P"'ho ..... ....". .. SJqI4I7· ll7J (No!1t ..... I7-S161 (CII). 

Monday, Nowmbcr 25,1991 The UCSD Guardian 

NCAA DIVISION III SOCCER NAnONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 
UCSO 1 TRENTON STATE 0 

CIu:* ,.."""uUW!&111 
UCSD forward Mike Alberts (right) was named the toumament's most valuable offensive player Sunday. 

DEFENSE 
ContInued from .... 18 
defense all week, trying to get some 
shape in the back, working on c0m-
munication. " 

Annstrong said that the Tritons 
didn't so much switch to a man-to-
man defense, as they just marked up 
bener. Armstrong did take a more 
direct role in coordinating the de-
fense. In particular, he took away 
Savala's usual role and let the full-
back focus completely on Trenton 
State's forward line. 

"[ really wanted to take the tacti-
cal side of the game off Savala's 
shoulders," Annstrong said "I re-
ally needed all of him at the indi-
v idual level." 

TIle senior fullback took Lion 
forward Anthony Daniele right out 
of the game, picking him up early 
and taking him down with frequent 
slide tackles. Annstrong had said 

before the game that he was worried 
about Daniele, but he was impressed 
with the job Savala did on him. 
"There was a ball to the post early in 
the game, that Alex beat him to," 
Annstrong said "If he doesn't get 
thai, Daniele scores. That's the type 
of goal that he gets. " 

The defense took on added im-
poitance throughout the tournament 
considering that four of the five 
games were decided by one goal. 

Sunday, !he Lions finally started 
to roar with under six minutes left to 
play. Worse, Trenton State pulled 
its goalie at 84 minutes to bring 
added pressure to the Tritons. "It 
was pretty hectic," Madden said 

In addition to Savala. UCSD also 
used Alex Spain to mark upon Ohio 
Wesleyan and Trenton Stale for-
wards. TIlere was some question 
about the state of the sophomore 
defender's ankle, but he answered 
all questions on Saturday, when a 

CONTACT 'LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 

.J>aily Soft Lenscs Extended Soft Lenses 

I---=ia~ii£=j $159 $199 
Complete Cotnplete 
Daily 'su penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

·Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, 
PIrapenn, Boston. 

pass that hugged the sideline caught 
him flatfooted. Ohio Wesleyan's 
Andy Kessinger took off on a 
breakaway, leaving Spain to mut-
ter, "Oh s--!" 

But he caught the Bishops' for-
ward from behind and cleared the 
ball with a slide tackle. 

Sunday, he shut down the Lions' 
Mike Edwards, despite a bloody 
nose and extreme fatigue. Edwards 
had scored five goals in the tourna-
ment, one short of the record. But 
against the Tritons, he was hardly a 
factor. 

"[Spain's) got a heart," 
Armstrong said. "He just wants to 
play. He was out on his feet, and he 
still wouldn't give me the nod to 
come off." 

Afterward, though, Spain had 
no problem feeling the pain. "I am 
one sore puppy," he said, smiling. 
'1'm filled with pain, but joy at !he 
same time." 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvter st. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(818) 458-0272 

Chun:;h School. 9:00 am . 
WorsfUp 10:00 a.m. 

"Feel tile aprit" RadIo 
........ D'IIZ (1210 All) 1ftIJ""" 11:30-12 R_ 

Apply for the 
position of 
5poIts Edltor/ 
Associate Sports 
Editor 
or 
Photo Edltor/ 
AssocIate Photo 
Editor 
For more infonnation, 
call 534-6580 and ask 
for Jason or Robin. 
Applications are due 
by Sunday, Dec. 1, 
1991. 

Please include a cover 
letter, reswne and 
clips if you have 
them. These positions 
are open to anyone. 

SPORTS 15 

III 

J.IJ 
-/ 

I 

I 

-/ 
I 

LA JOLLA BREWING COMPANY 

Sun.-Ihun. 
11 om-12 pm 
Fri."', 
110m-20m 

is the best beer 
ich place in town: 

7536 FAY AVE. T CALL 456 · BREW 



, , 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
CtICICIII PlDTAIn the HaIday Cl CMId 10 
SL 0InnIin·.) --. lie ~ 10,. l1li" 
coupon nt give them • Iry. C 1 CW4-11125) 

'I.ooIdng lew • JIwiIII OOIwleCtionr Cell 
JIwiIII c...- Cenen. loll c:A IdIwIIIea. 
534-2521. C1CW4-1113O) 

DISNEYlAND PARTY BUS - Nov. 30Ih 
All DAY. t45eac11. iICIudII ~nt 
IidIA' 8dub onIr. LA CJAAMENT DISTRICT 
SHOPP1NCl. Dec. 7 All DAY. 122 1ICh. 
"'-«II beneII o..,tIound drMII ... 
lund. Ctll1) 231·8C"1. C1(1f31·11125) 

DISSERTATION WRITER'S group! 
compl.llon worklhcp.. For Inlo call 

~ Group CI1I1) 1182-G888. C1I" 
31-1:lJ5) 

NEED CREDIT? ..., bank CIIIdI? c.h? 
P811 credit hillDlylno crediI history OK. 
GUARANTEED. LSASE 10 : Lel.ure 
EnIIIpIIIeI. 3281 SL. SuiIe 132-UC. Eurtka, 
CA Il51501 . CII/''',1125) 

These 
people must like you! 
Please find their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains. 
UClD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 

UCSDEATS 
BJ's Pizza .... .............. ..455-0662 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456-BREW 
Papachino's ................. 546-7666 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 
Salsa Rio ...... ................ 453-4050 
Gia's Pizza ................... 792-7521 
Heidi's .......................... 450-3044 
La Salsa ....................... 455-7229 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Choices ........................ S54-FOOO 
K'tckin' Chicken ............. 558-4747 
Beans ........ .. .............. ... 453·9252 

UCSDAUTO 
OYefseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
John's Foreign ............. 695·0700 
Sparks .......................... 453-4405 

UCSDHAIR 
Young At1itudes ............ 457·3384 
Ralph's Hair. PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546·7666 
La Jolla Barber ............. 459·5792 
Rocco·s. UTe ............... 455-0420 
Essence Salon ............. 453·9477 
Wfl Care Hair ............... 587·CUn 

UCSDBEAUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455-0909 
Pinwheels ... .. .............. .. 558·1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSDmNESS 
Being Fot ....................... 483·9294 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers .. .............. S58-6666 

UCSDETC. 
Cal Copy ........... ........... 452·9949 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 
Music Trader ...... .......... 693·1469 
Bonzai Bungee ............. 988·7272 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270·3680 
Video Gallery ............... 452·1766 

The UCSD Guardian Moaday, November lS, 1991 

AIIInCIInI .... ~ yuuno pruIeMionII. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
dIIabIed __ Beg . ..... 2. T-Th 8 a.m.' 
_. Sun 7-3 ............. nteIIIcienL 
o.n_. PIrIoMI_Cnoewp. nee). 0rMng. 
..,. ~ ..... S7111r. eon.ct Pam. 
a.17. (11121-1212) 

1ft ~ .... III iI* IINIIIInO _? NIIII 
adIIIonII iIoame' Cell RullI. 4114-5215. Cll/ 
21-11121) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $l/or 
students (for personal use only). $3/or faculty and slaff, and U lor olhers. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore. ads must be moiled wilh a check (matk payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondoy/or Thursdlly's issue. The Guardian reserves lhe 
right to refuse any advertising including but nollimiled 10 companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian. 9500 Gilmon 
Drive, 03J6.lAJolla, CA 92093-0316. Actum adtlress: SludentCenterA, 10pjlOOr. 

WANTEO: ....... OIIIIMaI .... VcIIunIeIr 
ec. ...... LHtIp __ ............ . 
011 IrwUIwMI C115M-t4t4. C11128-1212) 

DOH,. III IdIOOI gel In the wav 01 ~ 
adIaIIonl SId Viii willi RISeI AI-CAlIix .. 
on ..... 3rd IIoor 01 Price Cenw.Ilul.I383. 
.,. '*'~. CI1121·11125) 

GRASSROOTS EXPO 111. S1UdInI mecIII 
projec;Ia on ~ Nov. a . 12-3 p.m. II 
MCC ....,. CI1125) 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari - EIecIroIogiIl: 120010 1500 ..... 
per hour. 3258 Holiday Court Student 
dIIIoounIL ~11182. CIII23-1215) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. WhIle ~ wail Xerox .. WId 
more. N.., SL Gennain· •. 452·*11. (11123· 
!'J~) 

BruIIe? BroUn '-*', IIooIed GUt or 
beet up? SwIll & Connolly specialize In 

~UCSOI1Udents.IIIIff.-.d~ 
In banIuu!*:Y. !amity 1Iw. IIu IdIord-IenIInI 
and penona/ Injury mall.,.. Ca11481-88421O 
arrange alrle 112 hOur c:onauIIation. Cl 0121· 
1215) 

a.-n woIIeyMII. Refine 1kill1ot~ grastI 
sand wtI8ybII game. c.II ar.g 81 54&-1421 
lor mor.lnto. (101'28-1:lJ5) 

THE WORD PROFESSIONAl: Expeo'*ICId. 
Word PJoc:.aing Ior~. ~ 
dIemiItI-lCilntitlc WOld ~. Edit: 

repone.~. """,dIu 11allona. 
lM« PrinIIr. 1521 SummIt A~ .• CenIIII. 
FAX: 833-1824. VOICE: 753-51184. Cl1" ·121 
5) 

WORD PROCESSING. Teach.,. and 
studenll. ThrIMI. term PIIIIft, IIW1UICI1*. 

~. ~ prill". CatoIIne SIarr. 224-
38711. (1111 1-1215) 

TAKE YOUR BREAK IN GREAT BRITAINI 
Exchange v_tIon, Inangecl between 
sIUdenIa In England & America. Oi8countrtll 
rare available. STUDENTS ABROAD. L TO .• 
PO BOX 1144. 0n0ngevaIe. CA 95882. CIIOO) 
428-8538. Fax: C1I18) 835-1185. (11/14·11/ 
25) 

UNLOCK YOUR fULL ACADtiMIC 
POTBn'IAL AdIIewe BII8r "-'lIon will 
.. 1111 d iiid ITUDY T ..... Sand 137 10: 
FhIrIIdt E/1IIIprIIIa. 1211JOOIIiIIonnII.SUiIt 
A2-533. Houlton. TX 77OIIII( .... 1WO .... 
lor deIIvaIy). CI1121-1215) 

Word I'nIcIIIIng SaMcII. P.ol ... ,! III . 1_ ..... see.toee. (11121-11125) 
GNat a.... gIfta -.,... ~ old 
8mm .... 10 w.o. one low priclI. C1111272· 
08IIII. CI1121 -1:lJ5) 

ENTERTAINMENT: MagIc MonIca - San 
DIego'. rrif IemIIe 8IaIghI-<JI"'-I ...... 
perIorm -'"110 pi alllllliilll IIage nt 
doae-t.op nIIgic. ~ nexllIIf1y. AlII ... 
""-Gitv_r ~ ~: 588 055e 
(11125) 

MaugI rIIiIwe tile ... c:A I1Udying. 
relieves the PIin In your neck.1houIders. nt 

bad\.BemorellluedlO.aq...,.~ 
group ,..: 20 minueeI In ~ _ or 
..,.unenttar$15. mNlun31*lP1e. Prw. 
MUIona tool c.II DIr1 F.w un • S34-
01110. (1112$-1212) 

European School 01 Wullc:. Intelligent 
educadon forOUf c:hIdrwn. Prt-.inIIruc:IIon 
In ~ hornIorourlludloawlth ...... 11*1 
""""'ha¥Ing EurupaM~ Our 
......'-won IDpIIonDrIIn i •• 1IIIIor1il 
oompeCIIIoo •. Now ~ tar plano nt 
1IIoIIn: ~ i." ...... ~ 
For Iliionnalion '*' 450-81110. C11125) 

WedIcaIIdIoaIIFplc8lla n~. porhiII. 
.-.d more ... .. inelIpenIIw. ~. 
CIIII AdIm. 5111-1831 . C11125) 

TYPING SERVICE -rapona,rnedIc& ~ 
....... corres. Pk:Ic-up .-.d CIIher next day. 
.lule Am. 480-0125. (11125) 

Tutoring ~. All 1twII . .xperieI1I*I 
person. RauonIbII raIN. PIeIIe '*' 562· 
8371 • IeIMI rnMIIgI. (11125) 

R 111I ... 1n .... 'The~JaIIC-..... 
... .,.. ... IO .. ,IncndIIII._ ... onI 
IDcIiIIonCMllDallilg .. __ C-...... 
nt ..... 10 La JaIl .. ,...... ... 
Or.-__ .Iow ..... will eocepIIoiiiid 
.... ................... CUC8010 
,.....". "-WIIIIoIII '*' 48W821 or 
CICIO) 24I-Q)YE. C11128-1H} 

\NANTED 
RNiI cIoIIIIng ..... peopIe. All Ihlfta 
available. Unique opportunity willi Iut 
growing ~. "., willi APPAREL 
OESIGNERZONE. 82!iO c:.mIno SInIa Fe .• 
SIll. San DIegot2121 C*-..... 45C). 
3324. CIWS-1215) 

IEING FIT .. IIiIInO apar1ar1Cld ..uIIIc 
..".,. lor CIIIramont kaIIon. FIadIIa 
IIourL ClllllAMy. 483.f121M. jH3-1215) 
co.. c.I_ VHS rncMIL Top IS 1*1-
MuIic Tr.-. 101M .... Rd.1I83-1 •. 

CIII3O-1~ 

CJr-.. AICIInI IIMdIcI • RIIMn:fI 
AIIINn1 tor DoaIInI work - Social 
f>IrcItoIuIIr. SIIIry IIIU' ..... Sand ... 01 
...... to; EmIlI H. QoIn, MA. C.V.E. 
C.WA. PO a. 775. ___ • CA 1112273-
om. (11l28-tH) 

FOR SALE 
COMPUTER FOR SALE; Apple lie. CXIIOt 
rnunIIOr.ItrJIjjIWi ... ~. WOId~. 
men. $475IDbo. Cell ~ 588-7215. Cl1/ 
8-11125) 

STEREO. KarMUod,..,.,. 100 .... 20 
pre-Nt • • equalizer. remote. Kenwood 
CIII8CIe deck. daIby A+B. JVC 7-d11k 
programmable CO player. Polk Audio 
..,...,. CWonItor ..... ). $1000. Cell 551· 
21153. Iaa¥a .... C11121·1212) 

SURFBOARD: TW AQua gun. willi IMIh 
nt QIIIDm big. S2IO ... IICIIIca • 
S2OO. 452·7254. (11121-1212) 

UNBELIEVABLE POWER NOTEBOOK 
COMPUTER SALE 388$X20, 5MB RAW. 
20MB HOO. " •. One ... warrvoIy. 

~1uweIIpnc.anhanlCllkdrMI. 
moIher ~ nt IBM eoftwn. 1-8OC). 
443-8243. T .... TIChoIlllogy Inc. C11121· 
1215) 
5urnIMrnw....,.,.~.,.... 
now tIIIdng pilei. o.In vaIuIIIIe uperIence CIIIIa rMdy 13" TV. $100; VCR ~ 
" .... 18 • -.n c:A .,.,tor ... QIIIor-. 110; CMio ~ 110. Cell Roger. CI1I1) 
nt 1UPPItr'I. IotIjorIIy c:A liking .... IISOIIII8. C11121-11125) 

~byNcMmbar.A-'FlllpIUII 
.. "1.287. Cell T,. 'A' SUMnI,...... 11112HondaAoaurd. 4 OR. 5SP.M:.auIIe. 
lor i .... nlillllon now. 1-4100 4211 .... ,. CIA' vaydlpalldlllle. ".700. 2Il10-1327. Cl1121-

1~111) 11125) 
A,,'.lance with child care and light 1885 HondIIoMo SO. red, 81U:e11nt ehIpe. 
hlMlkllp8111 1n Del .... 3 c:hIthn IBM 1 IUIII ur-I F .... IOOIIOIIIicIIIIWIIPOItIIIon. 
rnonth.2 ..... 1IId8yewa. V .... ongoing $300. Aaron. 4!1-31125. CI1121.1:lJ5) IhIII. Own _ . 755-e172. CII14-1215) 
STRATFORD COFFEE HOUSE In Del... AuIty IUr1bcIMl tar ..... 87. no dIngI. 

IXCIIenI condIIIon. $120. Cal 270-4571. 
.. now I*Ing 00Ui_1'pIt1lry hIIp. eon.ct AllIn. (11121-1215) 
Tin or lMIce. 481-8580. Cl1"-1212) 

TICKETS TO EICCITING. CORRUPT 
EmpIoymInl oppor1uIIItiaI - law cIerIII WASHINGTON D.C. FOR X-MAS. Why pay 
IICHIary -r..g,~. c:oprIng. -- the .... $438""" I eM "'youaround-
typing ....... haurL $5.2S1h1u. 580-8405. .,.lor 1300 or 1IIIbound-...y1or$125? 
CIII1 .. ,1125) · Trawl t4ltl.-.d31.c:A o-nbIr. Cal Steve 
a.nct IoaIdnglorrudldrummerlOplayVlrioul • 450-2157 ...... nagoeIIIIII CI1121·1212) 

LA SAnDALE 
1I\yIII: RullI. Floyd. Ztp. Mull be wa.g to NEXT ~ _ ... 2511 IIIIgIIIIyM 
play orIgIriiidI; MIIouI commiIn'e •• mull. NEXT opIaI drlwrnodll NO:H3OOO. ".250. 
Cal 0.-. 458-01171 ...... II. Cll/I8-1113) (8111) 433-8810. Cl1I21-11125) 

8A8YSITTERNEEOEDloradorllllel.,..· V.W. RIIIbII CIII80). lull ~. AIIdng 

I 

ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

SPORT SANDALS REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWNI 
... SMofILE 
3761 Mission Blvd .• SO 92109 
488-1134 

::'::::;2;:= "5OM)bo. Cell HatIm. ~. Cl1/1" 
Cal ~UI8I"ny lime. Cl1l1"'1125) 1:lJ5) 
WuIIc:Iana IIIqIIftd tar IIIemIIIYe IaIIIIIodI REFRIGERATOR-lIwgedonlHlzedC5cu. 
band playing origInII rnaIarIII. Double ban Il). UMd only 2 montIII, $125. TElEVISION 
"'-- WWiIId ._ ...... bu1 Il1o IIddIIrI. -15"RCAbo'w.goodpidure.~racepIIon • 
.... ..- -......... S4O. 1974 Dodge CIwgIr VB. IUIII good. 
IIuIiIII. _daliIII-1riyUN1nterated In $1000. caw.. 534-7148 or 453-all. C 11 125) 
playing fall willi. BrItIIh tIr9- Phone 535-
9315. C11121-1212) a-oIIt CIIIIIon 11114. fill"' 1IIIIrIng. rtII 
La Jolla GounnaI "-"'-; SeIItI drIvarI OOIIdIIIoiJng._brIMIIIiw.,... ..... 

--,. $111OM1a1t oller. ChIlo. 454-II2IM 01 534-
nt ordar .... CallI opportunity. ,..., ()i 7172. C1112$-1212) 
hr. 483-8881. (11121-11125) 
,,,-1...1.._ ---.ltar--'-............ _ Ful maIIraII. good concIIIIon • .".... 
_ .. _- --~ ....... _-., BedcIoIheIIIIo IMIIIIIIIIe.. ChIlo, 45408284 
band wiII'I raggM. ruck. Iur*. ,., nt IOU! or 534-7172. C11125) 
Inftuences. Need ban. gullarilt. keye. 
vucaIel e,... on cn8IIvIty. lull. WId SPEAKERSISony34112"1II1oor1plllcaa. 

... 

_______________________ inIf*Id ICII""'. Cell ErIc. 488-3440. 10" wouIerI. EXCIIIInt eound. exl»llent 
(11121-11125) contIIIon.~. 587·2807. (11125) 

HIIII Tec./C,.,.'.r 
-ClIEEIS-
Send your resume to over 

200 local high tech/ 
computer companies. Our 
computer-printed mailing 
labels (updated weekly) 
will save you valuable 

time. Send $ J 9.95 plus $3 
hipping and handling to 

-1.Toua-
~OOt U.I ....... t '2 
I •• I •••• , CA tJ IO~ 

~~~----------------------~~~ The "Sun" is always shining at 
= Holiday Ct Trim & Tan call 45j5.(J80a~1 (nnrUCSD) 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

30 TAN DAYS $21 ~~Ik... Cllltar dtItaiII. 2nd 30 lin dayI $38.l1li 
LOIe ..... II .... 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Nata ~"1011· Reduce CIIIIuIIIIand ......... ri--------. 

I FREE ,\e I 1 ,0'" "'''''1 l!111!!~~g~:..L_~~~~~~· 

RaMarc:h Voluntaen 

STRESSED OUT? 
FRBB -m. etudiM ..,a1uat-
inc nwclieationa ..... v.i1able to 
people IUfI'erlnr from anxie&y. 
SJ1IIpIomI include wonyilll too 
much, beilll unable to ralax. in-
eomni.. .tom.ch problema, 
_Ie achee. feelill( tarIM. and 
difllculty_ntratinr. Suitable 
voIun"-'lbene6tfram _medi-
cation. lab tal&&, pbyIicaIa and 
JII1ehiaeric: .... ua~. Studi" 
aIao.vaiJablelordipt .. iln. Call 
for • confidential evaluation. 

lJU13 == 564-0100 

Monday, November 15, 1991 

IBM COil ...... ~ 0eaIIpf0-..-. 
Odd-. ..... IOftwwe. ~oIIIr ..... 
Mil Ann. 541·:USO. (11125-1212) 

a.ng-~~"1IdIII1D8In"" 
lor TMItwgivthg. Jenner. 450-0IIII. C11125) 

I.Mge modem deIII. T" It taM tar 140. 
Super dN/ - war1h S25O. 287-3171. CI1I28-
1215) 

cu..: 12-.rIng-.llc. perfKlcond.$I55. 
EIec. T ____ . 21urnbud1....,.. $1115. 
452·20115. C 11125-11V) 

Computer lor ..... MaclnIOlh Ctaaic: wi 
~ pmw. 40 M8 hMI CIrIve. 2 MB 
RAM. IncUIM IDIII 01 ICIftwaN pU cover. 

~ 4 rnonIIII aid! Mull ... - .. __ 
-.nIy - .'ADO abo. Cell AIIIwdo. 587· 
88110. Cl1l25) 

A.t ~ BICYCLE. 5 ~ old. Gr..a 
CIIIIdIon ............ ,00. c.llNoIIT.". 
558-6533. C 11125-1212) 

VW van 1977. AMIFU CMIeIIe. IUMIOI. VIlfY 
,...... $1500 abo .... UII .... Ph: 71I3~1, . 
(11125-1215) 

HOUSING 
~ VillI cando lor .... by_. End 
unII~ InqlAll_MIonCIpN.oIenIer. 
andllUC8lyplu8 ... 2.,.....~Ceuy 
1000lNllt103).lll2bd1s, 1/4 mi. IIomUCSD. 
1 bIodIlrom UrWerIly Towne C-. PIIIIo. 
pool. and CCI'IIr8d C8IPQIl $144.500. Jaon. 
5M-~94 01 53'-8812. (11/18-1212) 
W8IIIecI: lemlle _... 10 &h.,. two 
bedroom kncury condo .-ting nex1 quar1er. 
S45OImonth. Kridne. 452-8776. (11114-11125) 

AoommIIe WMIId: MIF. NS. own bedroom. 
&hare bdI In 2 bdl/4 bedroom C'*)' large) 
hoo.-In c.dIII. IMge yw. s-oe. W/O. w/ 
3 other ..... CoNn view on .. ~. 
436·5582. (11114·11125) 

F .... roommate-wdASAPIOwn ooomin 
4 BRI3 BA hornIln Del loUr. $32O/mo + 1/4 
udities. WID. jacuzzi. dou 10 1·5. 1hoppIng. 
CIII Terri. 793-8791. ClII18-11I25) 

Room avail""e In apac:loua 1700 aq " 
ICIWIIIIowe . .... than 1 mile from ~. 
PooI.Iteptaoe. -.wd 1*1dng. NonImaI<eIw 
,*,-. $36OImonth pU 1/4 ut*ieI. PIeaII 
cd JolIn or Tom. 286-1386. (11/18-1215) 

Looking for IlIIPOMibIe !emile 10 lharelg MB; 
IIIIIIChed garage: 1Iundry: on IMine: $335/ 
mo: 558-2688. CII121·11I25) 

Roam for ,.. In TiMuMta. New house with 
........... cabM. and nice bllckywd. 0uieI 
_ 15 minuIM!rom~. $3101m0nfl 
... 114 utIIIIea. 4I7-e742. CI1121-11125) 
UTC. One large IIIdrCOin. _ or two people. 
own bdllUCIIII In epKious two bedroom 
........... • deluce 00IIlJIu. No ernaIoers. 

W"""/~. ~. lui swm. near 
ucso .... 452-8305. Cl1l21-11125) 
La Jolla - 2 milia to UCSD. FerNIe to Ihare 
mawr '**'-" in 3 brl2.S belli townhouse. 
au;.c, onponlibte. de .. _.... No 
1/IICIIIIro'III. Laundry. o-ge. pool. S30eI 
montIl + 114 uIiIiIIeI. JInnIIer. 587-0978. (111 
21·1111) 
Room for ,.. UrWerIly CiIy. S4OO. Pool. 
jawuI. 1aIndry. Cell 0-, Jin. FrMk, 453· 
1810. (I 1121-1212) 

RomnnWe ..eded. Injured IUIent needs 10 
_ on~. NeedI~. Neat 
c:aqM. IIeIu1ifuI ~ wi garage. 3 
paoli. pIIio wiItI pqnts. noC condo-heII. cd 
lOon. Etit, 546-7 ..... (1112·11125) 
Pacilic 8eIcII condo for rent Furnished 2 bed! 
2 I11III: pool • .pa. gym. tennis. pMIng Cl). 

~ to shopping and bua. Av.a.ble now. 
$1,2OO(month. 45N112. CI112$-1215) 
Male roommate prefenecI. Pacific Beach S1Udio. 
14751mo. c.II Sue. 483·7358 or 483-8443 . 
A"..... ASAP. (11125-1212) 
For _1 bdr. 1 1IIh. Not1h P.B. 1 block 110m 
bNch. 272·3195. C11125-1212) 
UTC cando lot 4 . 3 bedrooms. 2 baIhtoomI 
with ___ • diIIIWUher. wlllher. c*yer.1iving 
room. patio. 2 pwking splICeS. swimming pool. 
phone and cabM ll'lailable. Jl4IQOIIabIe 1eaIe. 
$1150. dIyII_. 554-1876. (11125-1215) 

Room ....... - 3 ~bath house In 
~ ....... Iarge yard. swimming pool. 
pelaOK. -,*/~.~. cabMTV. 
cool 1IndIords. $350 .... $150 depoeit. 585-
4888. (11125-1212) 

WIIIIIiId - IIPIIM*II !rom mld·Decembe< to 
mld~ . .... than 3 mi. from UCSD 
prefenecI. for nice European couple. Pleale 
cal5M-l959 CPhIIIp) . CII125-1215) 
M_ KIili'MlMiI wanlild 10 live in apI. near 
IdIoaI wW12 other. Call Harry. 549·9250. 011 
25) 

FemMe wanted for singkI room. Renl: $2501 
mo. AvaIIIbIe o-nber 15. LocaIed 1 mile 
lrom ~. Latge condo has 2.5 bath and 

~ has pool. jacuzzi. and lennis courts. 
Call 558-0239. CIII25) 

UCSD 

FREE 

FLOWER 
BASKET 
DELNERY* 
PI ... e pl.ee order 24 hours in advance 
·$20 minimum purchase 
·within 5 mile radius of campul 

The UCSD Guardian 

F .......... 10 ... iIIMIer bedroom .. 
two-lIOry ~ on NobM. Pool. IenniI 
courII. gym. '-'"dry. AvaIIIbIe now or for neXl 
quIrIer. S235ImonIh. oUie. 582·2184 01 546-
IIOIM. (11JZ.1215) 

.,....... non·~, dNn. IIUdIous. no-petl 
rIMdId 10 .... 2 bclI2 be wWllWO ..... 
S240 + 113 ...... c.ll1or Nicole or lNnne 
any llmedayleve. 453-3718. CI1125-111) 

HiIIcreII: HoUle. 1 mile 110m MedCenIlf. 3 
oooma. rurnnII)' 1 ..... 1 female. Available 
immedIIdtIy. 452-0325. S300 + 113 util. CII125-
1212) 

CONDOMINIUM FOR RENT: Balboa Pari< 
81M. WIIIkIng distance to NaY. HoIpitaI. 2 
becIroomt2 bel. 1175 Iq. fl.. lOp noor un~. 
caIhecIrIiI ceiIInga." ___ . underground 
p8/1Iing. 1Icnge. emIIII pet OK. avu . .. te 
November. $ 1200. 755- 1132. C 11125-1212) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Nov. "'. llosta VCR .... Soh HIlI. It is,*), 
impof1anl H anyone found • tape. P ..... call 
452-6686. (11121 ·1215) 

Lost: 21· bicycle tire rim on Gider Port Rd. II 
lound ~ cIIt 739-1120. (11121-1212~ 

PERSONALS 
Are you strugging with Shenk? Is OASIS 
cIoMd? Call the Math Doctor: 453·7725. (11/ 
14· 1/13) 

An - can we pIa~ Nintendo toniIe? I bell can 
reach. MWIeveI ... C. (11125) 

Do your holiday shopping eaI1y 81 Revell's 
Annual Holiday Fair., Irson Thurs .• December 
5 al the Revelle Plaza lrom 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
Thenlwil be vendors. 100II and fun . (11125·121 
5) 

Model mort o-*llot- Iile drawing class W92. 
Wol tJad. for class. Call PauI- Crafts Center. 
53'·2021. (11125) 
Wonder Bike would like 10 express thanks in his 
somwhal surprising. yet sale nnum home -
even IhougI1 he never lived at thai paI1IcIuat 
address before. (11125) 

DYE·WITNESS. It·s not mace. This FOA 
approvecIlormuIa is today'l preIenecI de_I 
to would be al1.ad<er • . When sprayed on the 
assailant, a chemic;aI dye !Urns the skin GREEN 
101 6-8 days and the al1.acMr Is t'"1lOl'ariIy 
immobilized. Help the law 10 help youl Call 
C8(0) 862-800510< more .. to. C'1125-12I5) 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Who won a National Championship this weekend? 
Know much about UCSD sports? Like late nights? 

Want to gain newspaper experience? 

If you answered any of these questions with a "yes." perhaps you 
should apply for the posilion of Sports Editor or Associate Sports 
Editor of the Guardian. Applicatio~ ( a resume, cover letter, and 
clips if you have them) are due by 5 p.m. on Sunday, December I. 
Drop your applicalion by the Guardian office or mail ilIO: UCSD 
Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316. La Jolla. CA 92093-0316. 

STUDENT 
SPECIAL 
wilh S ludc IlI ID 

FEMALE Haircut $18 
MALE Haircut $14 

1.--------:1 
I FREE a-ol. bottle of 1 't-r- -:j=--·;'-··,-u .. -.g-.'-.. O-Uf-I.-'U-'.,-"'.-, ......... o 

... -..... with any by Ih~ Inshlule 0 1 TnthOIOO., I -_ • ..,.,... I '0' ·""·Y ., .•• M ""n L _ Hi-lit~~er~ _ -.J ,n." 'Op.co, ""hhon 

A FULL SERVICE SALON 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE 

Open 7 days, evenings too e 455-1700 

~fORD 
t:}~ 

COFFEE HOlL 
\S'~ 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads ~~~~~~!'5'~ . Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups ') • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says "Caffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

NEED $15 TODAY? 
asalways,10% OFF 

when you visit the store 
with your UCSD ID 

DONATE PlASMA! 

• -Expire. 1219191 . Not valid witb .ny otber ofTer. 
... VIllI ... .lola Dr. 
(in the Ralph's Center) 

we. Deliver 
World 
Wide! 

• 
ALPHA PLASMA CENTE 
Downtown San Diego 455·5545 Prampt delivery, 7 dlya. week. Open dlily 8 110-8 pm. 1025 12th Avenue • 233-6553 
Hours: Mon. thru Sat. 6-1 :30 
TRY OUR NEW AUTOMATED SYSTEM 

BRING IN THIS AD 
FOR YOUR NEW 

DONOR CASH BONUS 



18 SPOR.TS The UCSD Guudian Monday, Nowmbcr 1S, 1991 

NCAA DIVISION III SOCCER NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Brian Bradbury (left) started "Fred" with a pass to forward Mike Alberts. 

FRED 
ContInued from pe&e 20 
taking the kick while Alberts imme-
diately sprints around the end of the 
defense's wall. BrJdbury is ~up­
posed to play the ball around the 
wall to Alberts. 

This time though, Alberts walked 
to the middle of the wall and stayed 
there. After a delay, he made eye 
contact with Brndbury and then t k 
off. Bradbury placed a perfect pas!> 
to Al berts who took it to the end line 
and thcntumed to center the ball. 

Chris Hanssen, meanwhile. ran 
to the Ie ft post, where he I ~ suppo~ed 
to wail for a pass acro)s. " I ~tal1ed 
on the nght side and then ~printed 
arou nd I Ihe far post. I was hoping 
fora ccnteri ntheairso I eQuid go for 
the header. But haw Mil.e (Albert ) 
hit it along the ground, so I cut back 
in to the center,'· Hans~en said. 

Alberts snid that he centered the 
ball blindly. The Tritons run sct 
patterns off the plnys ,md play the 
balltoa ,pot, noltoa player."1 don't 
look on tho e passes, I just sort of 
whack it across the center,'· he said. 

Han-,.,cnwasn 'ttheonlyonewi th 
a play on the ball. Also cutting in 
was Todd Curr.m. "( was about 10 
yards beh ind and to the left of Curran, 

and ( yelled at him to let it go. 
Luckily he slipped," Hanssen said. 

Before the game Head Coach 
Derek Armstrong had warned of 
Trenton State's ability to get back 
and swarm in front of the goal, 
making it hard forthe Tritons to get 
a clear shot. "Derek !Old u that in a 
situation like that. ju t knock the 
pi s out of it and hope you get a 
ricochet," Han sen said. 

The hot was to the right ofTren-
ton State goalie Mike Rentner, who 
stuck out his foot. The ball hit the 
foot and bounced high in the air. 
before coming to a rest behind 
Rcntner. 

Hanssen paused taring at the 
~pot where he had kicked the ball, 
then finally raised his arms in cel-
ebration. '" wasn't ure if it had 
gone in or not. I thought it hit the top 
po t aQ<Il was just waiting for it to 
come down inside the goal," 
Hanssen said. 

"I wasn't sure what they were 
doing, I just saw a guy go wide. 
After that I was just reacting to the 
ball, and I couldn't get there," 
Rentner said. 

' 'I'm just glad it went in. I'm sure 
anybody el.se would have made the 
shot," Hanssen said, "but with me 
nothing's easy." 

UCSO 1 TRENTON STATE 0 

Defense Recovers 
From Early Struggles 
SenIor Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's soccer team 
entered the final four weekend a 
very leaky boat. Like mosI boals, 
the Tritons gathered these leaks 
gradually over the regular season 
and into the playoffs. 

And like most leaks, they were 
minor annoyances until they started 
howing up one too many times in 

prime areas. Like the Triton de-
fense. 

Count the leaks. Goalie Michael 
Madden had canilage floating 
around in his right knee and had lost 
confidence in his ability. Fullback 
Alex Savala was so busy being the 
defensi ve coordinator that he dido't 
have time to play soccer. And Alex 
Spain was plagued by so much pain 
in his injured ankle that Head Coach 

Derek Annstrong had to pull him 
from two playoff games. 

We won't even mention a vola-
tile Mike Gerhardt. who was pulled 
aside several times for impromptu 
conferences with the referee Sun-
day aftemoon. 

Yet somehow, this defense 
ucked the punch out of the Trenton 

Stateoffensc which hadn 't been shut 
out in 31 consecutive games, not to 
mention shuning out No. I ranked 
Ohio Wesleyan Saturday afternoon. 

Madden, who was questionable 
on Saturday, seemed almost totally 
healed agaillSl Trenton. "It was all 
anitude," Madden said. "(lost con-
fidence after I let that ball bounce in 
behind me in the Oshkosh game." 

Annstrong was more blunt: "We 
tried to get into Madden's head. We 
brought out [ pons psychologist] 

DIrI MeIloooIW~ 
Fullback Alex Spain traps the ball 
against Trenton State yesterday. 

Bob Moss, who had a couple of 
private sessions with Madden." 

"He just told me that I'm the best 
one out there," Madden said after 
the win on Sunday. "There's a rea-
son I've started every game since 
the second game. We wolted on the 

See DEFENSE, Page 15 

Tritons' Height is Theme of Toumey 
• Men'. aocca': The major difference between 
UCSD and other teams was the size of the players 
By Grea Wrenn 
StaffWriler 

In yesterday's national champi-
onship game, UCSD, as it has all 
toumanlenl, not only controlled the 
ball on the ground better than Tren-
ton State, but it also did a better job 
in the air. 

According to Triton fullback 
Mike Gerhardt, the tOUmanlent' 
most valuable defensive player, the 
Lions are known for putting long 
balls in the air, trying to allow their 
quick forwards to run under them. 
So a key for UCSDdefen ively was 
to get Gerhardt - whom fullback 
Alex Spain called "our defender in 
the air" - back when the Lions put 
the ball up. "We tried to let him 
handle it, and Alex Savala and ( 
would run in behind him, in case 
anything got through," Spain said. 

Indeed, the Tritons' height ad-
vantage seemed to be the topic of 
the tournament. It may have been 
the major reason the Tritons upset 
No. I Ohio Wesleyan on Saturday. 

"( was surprised that they didn't 
have bigger players to make it this 
far," Gerhardt said. "But it was a 
nice change of pace." 

''Their ize caught usoff-guard," 
said Ohio Wesleyan goalie Reed 
Welch. "On balls that crossed the 
goal. they had the advantage." He 
noted that UCSD's height advan-
tage may have indirectly led to the 
wiMing penalty kick, because the 
fullbacks were so concerned about 
lelling UCSD forward Chris 
Hanssen get off a crossing pass that 
they chose to tackle him instead. 

"( can't get my guys to grow six 
inches in a week," said Ohio 
Wesleyan Head Coach John Mar-
tin. "We've had trouble all year 
playing that style. Maybe we have 
to change. We can't seem to win 
against that damn style." 

Trenton State was at an even 
bigger disadvantage. 

The Lions did not have a 
midfielder or forward over 5-10. 
The Tritons smallest defender is 

Alex Savala who stands 5-9. The 
other three defenders are the 5-11 
Spain, 6-0 Man: Melnik and the 6-
2GerhardL 

UCSD Head Coach Derek 
Armstrong, said: "We've got some 
mall guys ... But Gerhardt's wonh 

five. [Paul Burroughs of Trenton 
State] did the same thing in the first 
game, but they moved him out of 
that spot. I was quite pleased to see 
that." 

Said Gerhardt: ··We knew if ( 
could get my head on the air balls, 
we could stop them. I just went out 
and did it." 

Even the shots the Lion did 
manage to get off were no threat to 
6-2 goalie Mike Madden. Madden 
picked several crosses right off the 
heads of Trenton State forwards. 

Not everyone thought as much 
of the height factor, though. "11le 
size of a player doesn't make much 
of a difference in the game," said 
Trenton Stale's 5-7 forward An-
thony Daniele, who curiously was 
out jumped on several occasions by 
Gerhardt, Madden and Melnik. 
Maybe it's the shoes. 

Monday, November 2S, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Interested in learning how to deal with off campu 
vendors? Want to be on the dUlling edge of developing more 
student run businesse on campus? Join the AS Development 
Committee which will help the AS Director of Development 
get the ball rolling on these and other projects to improve 
services and provide more money for AS programming, 
lobbying, volunteer agencies and much much more! Meeting 
in the AS Director of Development's office Room 3.342 4:30 

Wc:dnc:sruIYs, or call 534-4450. 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Floor 

COMMITTEE FOR WORLD DEMOCRACY 
CWD Film Series - 1991 
TORCH SONG TRILOGY 
Friday, November 29, 7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREE! 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
-Don't wait until graduation to get the work experience and job training you need! 
-Apply now for internships in San Diego, Statewide, and nationwide! 
-Early deadlines for summer internships in California: 

·LA Times LA & SD edition - December 2 
· SacrameDlo Bee - December 13 
·San Jose MercuO' News - December 2 

-For more infonnation, come to our office at the Price Center, 3rd Floor, Room 
3.303. Open Mon.-Fr( 9 am - 4 pm. Or call, 534-4689. 

THIRD COLLEGE STUDENT COUNCIL 
MEEfING 
.Every Monday, 7:30 pm 
Third College Administration Building 
All Third Students are encouraged to attend and voice their opinions. 

AMERICAN SOCIETY OF CIVIL ENGINEERS 
GENERAL MEETING 
Tuesday, November 26,6:00 pm 
PC Davis/Riverside Room (above PC Theater) 
Dr. Priestly will give a presentation of the work being done in UCSD's Structures 
Lab for Bay Area "10 I" retrofitting. 

ATTENTION BIOLOGY & ECONOMICS MAJORS 
Tuesday, November 26, 6:00 pm 
The Center fur Molecular Genetics Conference Room 
Society for Biotech Management presents David Edwards, Director of 
Bioccchnology at the center for Molecular Genetics to speak on The History of 
Biocech in San Diego. All welcome. 

AS PROGRAMMINGMEETING 
Tuesday, November 26, 4:00 pm 
Conference Room 8 
Anyone interested in Prosramming please come and get involved 

LOCAL BANDS 
If you want to play in the Price Center at noon drop off a tape 
and bio at the AS offices. For more info call 534-4450 ask for Daniel 

S NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated 
tudeals of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in AS 
EWSFLASHES, pickup a form oubide the AS Secretary's door, 
rei Door, PrIce Center. Deadline Is every Wednesday at 0'000. 
dvertisements are sub to availabilit • 

AS PROGRAMMING PRESENTS 

SUN-60 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26 
HIGH NOON 

----FREE FREE FREE --~ 

.............. _ ............. , ... _ .•............ -................... -... -.............................................................................................................................................. _ ........... . 

I 
I SIGN THE PETITIONS 
I 
I TO KEEP THE TG'S 
I 

I ALIVE I 'Bootlis are {ocatea in tfU Price Center ana tfU J{ump. 
I We afso neea fUfp to get a petition arive going in tlie 
i resUfence Iia£{s. 
I Cal( 'DaroU at 755-7569 if interestea 
! 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Season's Greetings! The holidays are here once again. Make them, 

memorable for neglected children by participating in the Share Bear Project 
(fonncrly Angel Tree). Simply pick up an ornament from a holiday tree in 
Bull's Eye Tavern (Round Table Pizza), Residential Life Offices at Third and 
Warren, WhyNoc Here? inRevelleandatM.O.M. in Muir. Buy one of the gifts that 
is requesred on the ornament, return it to the same location and you will have 
fulfilled the wish of a neglected or abused child in San Diego Share Bear Project 
SIaI1S November 18 and ends December 6. Thanks for carina!! 

H you're looking for a way to get involved on campus, the Volunteer 
Connection has a spot for you. We're recruiting student contacts to work in our 
offICe and help people find volunteer opportunities. Get involved at the ground 
level! Call 534-1414 or come by our office on the 3rd floor of the Price Center 
and pick up an application. 

A.S.K. appIicatiOlll are now available .. the Volunteer Connection office. 

19 



lOSPOR.TS 

Crowd Indcative m 
UCSD's Potential 
I"'" VE TO BE IMPRESSED. IN what's been one of the few inslanCCS thatI've seen since 
coming 10 UCSD, this school 
actually showed some spirit. It 
wasn't lik~ seeing 105,000 
University of Michigan fWlS 
watching a football game in 30 
degree weather, but it was spirit 
just the same. 

I am, of course, talking aboul 
yesterday's NCAA Division Dl 
men's soccer championship game 
al North Campus field, where the 
Triton knocked off Trenlon Slale 
Universityl'() to win the national 
title. In fact, it seems thaI the 
game is all that anybody is talking 
about. 

Oon't get me wrong, I do 
understand. UCSD is a Division 
1I1 school and at time, athlelic 
seem 10 get lost in the shuffle. 
Winning has become a tradition at 
UCSD. Yet, it still seems to pas 
unnoticed into the annals of 
history. 

F OR SOME reason, yesterday's game was different. 1,550 
devoted UCSD fart .. came out to 
watch the game and cheer for 
their school. They were loud, they 
were enthusiastic, and for the 
most pan they were well-behaved. 

For a couple of hours, the 
students a! UCSD got behind their 
school and had a fun time doing 
it. Anyone that wa there can 
altestto the defeaning roar that 
went up when Chris Hanssen 
banged a Mike Alberts pass off 
the top cross bar and into the 
Trenton goal. 

Sure there was heckling, but it 
was all in fun and it's all part of 
the game. We all enjoyed yelling 
at Trenton's number 16 (Bill 
Snyder) because he was wearing 
the wrong-numbered jersey or 
listening to the women's soccer 
team chant, "The referee's a 
pumpkin!" 

Yesterday showed what the 
students and fans of UCSD can do 
when they get behind their school 
and its athletics program. My only 
question is, why can't this happen 
more often? Why does it take a 
national championship game to 
bring out UCSD's fans and get 
them excited about an event? 

I KNOW TIlERE are some who say tha! this school does have pirit 
and that people do care about this 
university and its pon . 

1 also know there are others 
who say that there is more to 
college than spon ,and that there 
are other things to get behind and 
upport, and the fact that UCSD 

doesn't have a huge turnout at a 
basketball game doesn't mean you 
don't care and don't have spirit. 

I'm not disagreeing. It just 
shouldn't take a national champi-
onship to bring 1,500 people to a 
sporting event and it shouldn' t 
take a winning team to fOSler 
acbooI spirit. 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, Novaabcr 25,1991 

UCSD defeats Trenton State 1-0 to capture second title 

(left to right) Todd Curran, Chris Hanssen and Mike Gerhardt celebrate the Tritons' goal against Trenton 
State yesterday in the finals of the NCAA Division III men's soccer national championship tournament. 

.... '.eooow.: 
Hanssen scores lone 
goal, as defense comes 
through with back-to-
back shutouts 

By Peter Ko 
SpoItsEditor 

In the aftennath of the UCSD 
men's soccer team's I..() victory 
over Trenton State yesterday 10 
claim its second national cham-
pionship in four years, one thing 
was clear: the Tritons had penned 
a script for a season that only 
Hollywood could truly appreci-
ate. 

Replete with role reversals, 
unsolved mysteries (where did 
the offense come from?), practi-
caljokes and, of course, revenge, 
the gritty, full-of-hean Tritons 
from cosmopolitan San Diego 
downed the flashy, sartorial-
splendored- well, the coaching 
staff at least- Lions from blue-
collar New Jersey to put the fin-
ishing touches on a year that was, 
if anything, aU heart. 

"I feel great," said UCSD full-
back Mike Gerhardt. "Storybook 
ending." 

He couldn't have been more 
righl Only a fairy tale could pos-
sibly match the Tritons' real-life 
script: hurdling obstacles at ev-
ery tum, gelling up from the can-
vas more times than Sylvester 
Stallone in aU his Rocky glory, 
and, of course, in the end, throw-
ing a golden uppercut with their 

See M, SOCCER. Page 14 

'Fred' Means Goal for UCSD AddI ..... eov.age 
• Men'. 8OC.'Ca': UCSD modifies 
play at last second, leads to 
winning goal against Trenton State 
By Grea Wrenn 

Joe, but Fred's a nice one." 
1bescorecame althe55:581t1a1k and was set up 

when Scott Bernstiel was called for a dangerous 
play on Alberts. just outside of the six-yard box. 
Brian Bradbury carne up to take the kick, and 
Albens told him that Fred was going to undergo a 
liule plastic surgery this time around. "It hadn't 
really worked the way it was supposed to lately. We 
knew they had seen it [against Ohio Wesleyan on 
Saturday], so we wanted to change it up a bit and 
catch them off guard," Alberts said. 

• FRED: 1be play the Tritons ran 
to score the only goal of the game 
againsl Trenton State was modi- . 
fled at the last second. p. 20, 

Staff Writer 
The UCSDsoccerteam owes its national cham-

pionship to Fred. No, Fred isn't the star player. or 
a mascot, or even the trainer. Fred is the play that 
the Tritons ran on the penalty kick that scored the 
only goal of the game. 

• TIE AIR: 1be Tritons' height, 
as it has been alltoumament, was a 
decisive factor. p. 18. 
• TIE DEFENSE: The defense 
plugged its leaky holes just in time 
for the flnal four. Page 18. 

"I don't know why it's called Fred," said for-
ward Mike Alberts. "We have another one called 

Call it Fred Jr. The play usually has Bradbury 
See FRED. Page 18 

• TtE PENALTY KICK: When 
Chris Hanssen was fouled, UCSD 
was headed to the final. Page 14, 

Tritons Stunned by Washington 
• W ..... '. YOI.,...".: Washington upsets UCSD 
in five games to take the national championship 
By Ken Perl..... the Tritons 14-16, 15-6,9-15, 15-
Associate Sports Editor 13, 154. in a match which had 

It was anything but a fond fare- every UCSD player scnuching her 
weU for the UCSD women's vol- head and wondering what bappened. 
leyballteam Saturday as it ended its ''I'm really perplexed," said 
1991 season with a loss to Washing- UCSD HeadCoach Doug DIn1evik. 
ton University (MO) in the finals of "I don't think the players have an 
the 1991 NCAA Division m tOUf- answer either. I don't know why we 
nament. played like we did." 

For the seniors on this year's Entering Saturday night's game, 
squad, the loss may leave a panicu- everything looked to be fallin, into 
larty sour taste IS the Bean downed pa.:e for UCSD. The Trilons were 

the defending national champions, 
and won the title by beating Wash-
ington in a similar situation the year 
before. 

They had also come off of an 
impressive win against Junilla Col-
lege Friday night. UCSD had domi-
nated the Indians and knocked them 
outof!he tournament in threestraighl 
games 15-6, 15-7, 15-7. 

"We played really solid," said 
Dannevik of the Juniata match. "It 
was maybe the best we've p1ayedaJl 
year. We played with momeman. 

See w. v..u.. ,. 13 
...... CourIIIr at 0Ne'--" 

Dou& DannevIk watched UCSO's 
.tw .. ...., title ,... short. II 



Tripping Out SIOVeI, IanIems, transpoftIIion and food. They jusa need their clolhes and sIeepiDa bap and they'lt ready 10 go. Every ddaiI is 
taken Clue of except for penonaI needs, so 
the penicipenII can b:us on rduina." 

AnodIer fun adventure is the Temecula 
Wine Country Bicycle Tour, After cycling 
for less !hen len miles, participanas get a 
lOUr of one of the most productive wineries 
in Southern c.lifomia, with the option to 
sample IIId purchase its goods. 

BY KANA YANG. CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Each year more than 600 studenls escape the concrete jungle of UCSD 
for another type of wilderness with the help 
of Oulback AdvenlUres. As leslimony 10 the 
program's popularilY, siudeni John Oraunl, 
who holds the record for attending the mosI 
lrips, just wenl on the Black Canyon and 
HOI Springs trip for the fifth lime. 

Outback Adventures is anon-profit 
organizalion, offering many aclivilies for 
students here al UCSD, ranging from hoc 
air ballooning 10 bicycling and more. These 
trips vary in length, from half-day byaking 
trips to week-long outings like the Grand 
Canyon backpack trip during winter break. 
There are about seventy outings per year: 
twenty to thiny per quaner. 

"The trips are aimed at the first-time 
beginner, and they are limited to ten people 
to guarantee and insure quality and safety 
of the panicipants," says program director 
Michael Ruthenberg. "All the nips are led 
by volunteer outing guides with cenifica-
tions in CPR, first aid and lifesaving as well 
as experience in the field ." 

The Outback Adventures program not 

only offers outings, but also the Freshmen 
Wilderness Orientation Program. group 
adventures for campus organizaIions and 
clubs and leadership developmenl pro-
grams for !hose inlerested in being outing 
guides. Additionally, the program renIS 
outdoor equipmenl and serves as a resource 
cenler for outdoor-related activity informa-
lion. "Thelt is no curriculum - il is 
dictated by what the participanl wants," 
Ruthenberg explains. The trips are orga-
nized and scheduled by Ruthenberg, with 
inpul from the forty or so ouling guides. 

When he came to the UCSD program in 
1989, Ihe gross income spenl was $11,000. 
Last year the gross income was $130,000 
- $128,000 of which was spent and 
$2,000 of which was profit. 

"We are nOi here to make money. The 
users' fees go directly back inlo lhe 
program," Ruthenberg says. The cost, 
which depends on the outing, includes 
lransponation, food and group equipment. 
The participant also gets discounts for other 
rental equipmenl al Oulback Rental. 

As Ruthenberg states, "We provide 

Far instance, 011 the Seonewall Pak 
Sunsel Hike IIIId Gourmet Dimer, partici-
pants hike 10 the top of Stonewall and then 
enjoy a gourmet meal prepared by the 
outing guides as they watch the sun set over 
the Pacific Ocean. 

7525 EADS AVENUE 
AT PEARL 

Outing guide Ted Knudsen recalls the 
FresInen Wilderness Orienl81ion event this 
put September IhaI posed an unexpected 
advennue. In demonstrating 10 all the 
participants how 10 backpack their food 
supply for the trip, Knudsen and the (l(ber 
guide forgollO pack their own food. After 
eight days of not getting all the food lhey 
needed. "I was ready to cal anything," he 
says. 

Although there have been interesting 
incidents on the outings, there have nO! 
been any major accidents or lragedies, 
except for one woman who fell and broke 
her arm on one of the downhill ski trips. 

"'be mosl dangerous part is drivi ng OUI 
to the deslinalion or outing sile," 
Ruthenberg says. 

Outback Advenlures, according to 
Ruthenberg, "allows people 10 make slrong 
lasting friendships through advenlure. I 
personally feel having a weekend adventure 
with someone slrengthen.~ a relationship 
much quicker than spending a quaner in 
class with the same person." 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(Poslttons Limtted) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 

training you can find! 

LA JOLL EARN $6-$12,000+ while managing your branch of University Painting Professionals during 
summer 1992. 

Come into Longs expanded Stationery 
Dept. lor all your school needs. Huge 
selection 01 pens, notebooks, in all sizes, 
and even art supplies I 

PHOTO & ELECTRONICS 
Cameras, film, watches and calculators, 
video accessories and more. Longs Pholo 
Center features double prints at one low 
price EVERY DAY. plus a variety 01 custom 
photoprocessing services. 

I 
PHARMACY DEPT. 

Our lull service pharmacy will fill your pre· 
scriptions promptly, accurately. and at rea· 
sonable prices. Longs carries a complete 
selection of name brand, private label and 
generic products. 

HALLMARK 
GIFTS & NOVELTIES 

Whatever the occasion, Hallmark prob-
ably has just the right card. Come see 
Longs' unique gif1ware selections from 
Country Collectibles to traditional gift ideas. 

COSMETICS & TOILETRIES 
You'll find the most famous names in cos· 
metics and fragranct>s at Longs as well as 
trained cosmeticians to assist you with col· 
ors. trealment and application. 

STUDENT APPLIANCES 
Longs stocks an the appIiences students 
need and Wan!. Don' pay department 
store prices. Come to Longs La Jolla for 
blow dryers, curling irons, hot plates, toast· 
ers and much more at Longs super low 
prices. 

•••••••••••• • •••••••••••••• 
• .~~ ........ STUDENT OFFERI : 
• 
• t-=:2:::::::.----I SCOTCH .~~~~-i __ ~~ ~E~ 

: LA JOLLA !~x~. Reo. _ 
• 
• 
• I 

• STORE ONLY 1 O¢ •• ~.per_.-_per-. I wllhcoupon • • 
• ••••••• 
~"'"' 12121111 . . 

•••••••• LONGS VALUABLE COUPON 

Call 
1-800-KALL-UPP today 

ember 2nd and 5th are the 
next aM the last Guardian 
issues until Jan. 6, 1992. 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

.an$$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

to $100 per week . 

Please call 
MD LUOUTOIlII 

226-1733 

o 
I am not normally one 10 dwell morbidly on my early collegiate days before I had 
a car, but in this ClL'ie I'll make an exception. 

It was Thanksgiving vacation. I needed 
some way 10 get home, yet fell a reluctance 
at having my parents come and felch me as 
if I were a child waiting in lhe school yard. 

Giving Thanks, lnOn 
Getting stoned for the holidays 

Larry put a Santana tape into the stereo 
and turned the volume up full bore. A few 
minutes later he produced what looked like 
a cocooned caterpillar about the size of a 
weenie. This he put 10 the torch and 
suddenly the Pinto's interior atmosphere 
had its personality altered. 

Soon enough I had the phone number of 
a fellow going my way. Stricdy by his 
telephone voice, I gave him a bener lhan 
even chance o(possessing close-cropped 
hair, a monocle and a black unifonn 
complete with Hitler youth insignia. Still, a 
ride was a ride. I agreed 10 meel with him 
two days later. 

MEMOIR BY JOHN SWEENEY , CONTRIBUTING WRITER "Is that -" I asked after working up my 
nerve, "- is that a marijuana cigarelle'!" 

I arrived althe darXening, nearly 
desened dorm parking 101 with my duffle 
bag and a copy of The Diary of Anile Frank 
to read on the way home. The only signs of 
life were two boisterous characters playing 
hacky sack althe opposile end of the 101. I 
approached. 

The one with the full red beard and 
dreadlocks greeted me and said thai he was 
the one with whom I had spoken on the 
phone. His name was Bud and his friend 
wasLany. 

Bud's tie-dyed thermal underwear lop 
and frayed denim shorts severed him from 
my lelephone impression. Lany was 
wearing shons thai reached down past his 
kneecaps. a diny striped shin and a rag on 
his head lied at four comers. All he 
lacked was a peg leg and parrot. 

Bud pockeled the hacky sack and 
led me to his corrosion-spotted Pinto. 
On the back window was a weathered 
decal of the Grateful Dead skeleton with 
flowers for hair. One of the bumper stickers 
re-ad "Irie" and the OIher one said ''I'm not 
as think as you toned I am." 

Inside, I realized thai one or bOIh of them 
had adopted the French altitude towards 
natural body fragrance. 

Looking back as we drove away from 
school, the campus landmarks suddenly 
seemed touchingly familiar, especially in 
comparison with the shuddering Pinto and 
its erupting upholstery. I warily regarded a 
steel spring bursting through the vinyl seat. 

We had been on Ihe freeway for about 
five minute when Larry turned 10 Bud and 

said, "As your anomey, I tronglyadvise 
you 10 give me the nerve medicine." 

"Dude, it's bock there in my fanny pack." 
Lany soughl out the bag on the seat 

beside me wilh hungry eyes. I obediently 
handed him the bag, hoping Ihal he had 
some kind of legitimate infimlity. Larry 
hunched over the bag giggling and making 
yummy sounds while Bud began singing 
with a Caribbean accent, "I do not sniff Ihe 
coke, I only smoke sensimilia." 

"No, mon," Larry said. 'That's mnjoon 
roach. You wanna?" 

Without waiting for my reply he hung 
his head out the window and laughed 
maniacally at other motorists, startling 
some by jabbing his finger accusingly at 
them. 

Bud was trying to sing along to the 
Santana in Spanish and steering the wheel 
by beating on it like a bongo drum. 

Larry brought his head back inside and 
immediately started laughing. 

"Hey BUd, you wanl some bud?" 
Bud lunged across at the burning stick, 

sending the whole car thumping over the 
driver-awakening Boil'S dots. 

"You madman!" yelled Larry as we 
thumped back into our lane. "You're full of 
bad craziness tonight!" 

"Dude," said Bud taking a dmg. ' 'I'm 
driving by bmille:' 

Suddenly Larry glared at me with some 
dark enthusiasm on his mind. "You 
want some munchies'!" 

" I don't like brownies!" , bluned. 
"No." he said excitedly. "Taffy!" 

He offered me a brown glob. 
What in the living hell could they 

possibly put in taffy? I tried to think of 
which hallucinatory chemicals would be 
most soluble in sugar. 

I was he itant. But the allernative to this 
trip was to call my parents at the last 
minute, so I put my bag in the back seal. Ron CacizJGuaI1ian 

"Say,'" said quickly, "Why don't we 
stop at a handy convenience store and pick 
up some cola drinks? Look! We need gas. 

See STONED, page 56 

La Jolla Civic University 

Symphony Chorus 
Wednesday, Dec 4th 

5:30 to 7pm 
Price Center Plaza 

The University Center Board invITes you to spend an 
evening with the La Jolla Symphony Chorus as they 

perform Christmas songs from around the wond . 

Admission is Freel 
So I warm up your voice and Holiday spirit for a 

memorable evening of singing. 

DOZEN 
CARNATIONS 

wilh purcrose of S 10 or more. NO( valid wilh any Olher nlfer. Exp. 1219191 

Flowe~s 
& ~ifts 

Costa Verde Center 
near Soup Exchange 

8750 Genesee Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 



What originally attr.lcted people to Julian, Califomia in 1869 was the gold. Residents today, however, find 
that the real gold mine is in tourism. Just over 
nil hour's drive from San Diego inro the 
CUY:lmaca Mountains. Julian is a burgeoning 
tourist town struggling to mainrnin it original 
cham ter. 

A Julian Chamber of Commerce pamphlet 
boasts. "We are a microcosm of the old We t. 
the new West and the world. We can dig 
ditches or Einstein. brand cattle or critics." 

"Tourism picked up gmduully when 
people slaned to corne up here to get away 
from the crowds in San Diego:' explain 
Billie Rasl11u~sen. now in her 35th year with 
the Chamber of Commerce. "Now they make 
a crowd up here! 

"We don't mind. because we 
have the town on weekends, aru!'cNIrmg 
week it's our town and we 
street to each othcr." 

your yard. 
"My grandfather came here as a miner and 

ran a hotel at Julian for 50 years. My other 
grandparents and my mom have been 
fanning since 1904," says Barnes, whose 
family owns the Manzanita Ranch. 

When the gold rush in Julian no longer 
panned out. many of the miners turned to 
agriculture. 

"Agriculture was the mainstay of the 
economy," Barnes ays. "There wascaule-
raising. and timbering. and growing pears and 
flowers." 

Today. Julian's most popular harvest is its 
apple crop. September through 

III :1Il erron to explain what m· .w~~o 
people to Julian. famlcr Woody ~~~·~~~~~Il~~~!~~~g 
"Julian is one of the few areas where you can 
actually get out and see what trees 
look like besides 
the olle in 

UCloua IN 
Despite its Southern California setting, the Gold Rush town of Julian 
mixes the past, the present and, of course, apples - but no oranges 

BY ANGELA ROVA , ASS OCI ATE SPECTACLE EDITOR 

representatives sit on an architectural review Julian Woman's Club. The museum brochure 
board. Its point is to maintain the architectural proudly promoces "tum of the century 
char.lCter of the original town. clothing, household equipment, spinning 

"We ask [building owners] to restore them wheels, furniture, machine and woodworking 
the way they were. The biggest problem we tools, mining equipment, San Diego County 
have is with signs. They put up real artifacts, and lulian pioneer historical 
signs WithlltOO:!~~~~~~~~~r!iiI'~~::~records." 
to be like FI offers an interesting perspec-

toa Magneto 
ided telephone service 
1962 and proclaims, 

an old VCR!" 
mannequin sits in a "pennanent 

wave machine" from the 19205. With the 
number of wire and clips attached to her 
head, she looks more like the snake-haired 
Medusa in for a little trim than a woman there 

spirol penn. 
cr.lfts displays, they can also pull 

stool at the old soda fountain in the lulian 
~railr'oad flat car spring stands in the 

as a monument to the train, but to 
One hundred such springs Drug Store. 

One of the most interesting historic 
buildings lies just a block off Main Street. 
Julian Pioneer Museum is housed in a UUII''W''8 

the dance floor of the Victo-
Hall to give it "a slight pring 

that was once a hrPWP'"V " a placard explains, "the dancer 
now restored with~~Iiiii!Ii~'::'~:to dance till the wee hours of the 

the help of morning without tiring. Only one other dance 
the floor in Southern California was so equipped 

- the Grand Ballroom of the Hotel Del 
Coronado." 

husband and her son got to try panning for 
gold. 

Those adventurers who first reached Julian 
panned for gold in the mountain streams. 
However, Southem Califomia did nOC get 
much min back then either, so there was little 
water to erode away the rock and free the ore. 
If the rock wasn't going to come out for them, 
the miners would have to go in after it. 

Gold found its way into those mountains 
when cmcks from the fault line filled with 
molten rock. As the quartz rock cooled in 
place, it became a "host rock" for the gold and 
other minerals. 

Miners would follow the quartz veins, 
changing direction only when the yield was 
less than one ounce of gold per ton of rock -
a 32,000'1 mtio. With picks and shovels, 
miners could dig only five feet a day. Blasting 
techniques doubled the amount of progress 
they could make. 

But it's the people of Julian who make the 
town really inleresting. 

hr came to Julian in 1949, but that's recent 
history!" the 78-year -old Zerbee says. He 
considers himscl f a newcomer to the area, 

Pholos by Paul Mackey/Guatdian 
Noc only has the memorabilia of the 

gold rush in Julian been preserved, but 
also some of the gold mines themselves. 
The Eagle and High Peak Mines, a short 
walk from Main Street, are open daily for 
guided tours. 

"In 1935 [at the age of 301, J came to 
Ju lian to become the principal superintendent 
of the high school district." says resident Ray 
Redding. "It's an extremely large high school 
district, but not in popUlation. It is about 
three-eighths of San Diego County, which 
makes it somewhat larger than Rhode Island. 

"Julian's area - not just the village-
does not get Colorodo River water. and 
primarily depends on wells, so it means that 
our population has not skyrocketed." he 
continues. 

In the apple products store (top): canaries in a gold mine (above). 

letgh Anne McConnaughey/Gua-dian 

Y TtME 

.cBIOLAGE. 
1Iy~. 

@(J1/J11! CUTS 
BY TAWNYA OF 

ESSENCE SALON 
on~ $1100 

includes: shampoo & precisien haircut 
blow dry and styli n9 $4 exira 

HiUtes & Perms $45 
(including haircut) 

3251 HOLIDAY COURT, sum 201 LAJOLLA 453 9477 
Above St. Germain's Liquor & Deli • 

WE lSlED 1.1CSDS1WDrS 
'WoukI You ~ Go To 

A SP£EOYCOtn Wah or. Non-SpNdy Coon Wah?" 
100%AGAEED 

Tours are the only safe way to see a 
gold mine. Visitor Linda Fichtelman says, 
"I\'s really interesting and infonnative-
very educational." Part of the fun. she says, 

came at the end of the tour when her 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• 10% UCSD Student Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

·Untitl2/3 IJ91 wilhSiuderwto 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN, DDS C It L L Diplomate. American Board of 45ft 5565 Oral and Maxilofacial Surgery .-
470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

. I 
I 
I 

Contrary to what might be expected, it is 
the long-time residents of Julian who are 
receptive to the tourism and welcome people 
with open anns - and open cash registers. 

"People are more critical of it if they just 
moved here a year ago." Barnes says. "They 
say, 'I'm here. Let's close the gate'''' 

"People carne here and bought or built 
expensive homes in Pine Hills or Julian 
Estates, and they aren't happy with the 
tourists," Zerbee adds. 'They can't go into 

FIJI FIJI FIJI 
Coming to UCSD - January 9 I I 

Be a FOUNDER of Your Own I I 
Fraternity - Phi Gamma Delta I 

I 
Call Erik Bruvold at 452-2001 for more info I 

I 
I E/.\[)f R'~ SCHOI AG~ \,f tJTI H,1F~J yrilJ 

town on errands [and are upset] because they 
can't find a place 10 park. They don ' I want to 
walk one or two blocks. Julian is like a giant 
shopping mall - it's very pedestrian-
oriented." 

Barnes recalls, "I have a friend who called 
Julian 'the bigge t insane asylum without a 

fence around it!' The people here are very 
independent." 

Julian's unique atmosphere makes it 
worth a visit for the apples, the trees, Ihe 
shops or the people. Residents hold the key 
to a special part of California history and 
the secret to a great apple pic. 

PIZZA • PASTA 
DAILY WNCH SPECIALS DAILY DINNER SPECIALS 

Now! 1'""".,.1 Pi.u.ls or 5379 
Soup. Salad. Sandwich, 
rasta • Mi. or match any 2 

LA JOLU COLONY 
7741 ......... 
548-7886 

Mon.- Iul's ... 51'.1r;llL'lli 
Wl'd . . " .. " ...... R,"iuli $4.79 
Thurs .... " ...... M,1(M Onl 
l-n.-S.lI ......... Fellu((Il1l' Chicken $8.79 
Sun .... " ........ L.1S,lgn,l $5.79 

FREE DELIVERY • STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE 



STONED 
ContInued ......... 53 
100." I pointed at the gasoline gauge, which 
had about three quaners of a tank left. 

"Dude, you're rightl" shouted Bud as he 
pulled the car off the highway. 

AI the gas station Bud handed me his 
wallet and said to use his card. Larry 
handed me his wallel as well and told me to 
gel him some Twinkies and lighter fluid I 
found lhat besides several gas cards, Bud's 
billfold contained a variety of prestigious 
credil cards. TIle same was true of Larry's 
wallel. which also contained a membership 
card to an exclusive country club. 

I looked at Bud's driver' license and 
found that he was only a year older than I 
was. The face on the card was that of a boy 

with a curly red loaf on top of his head and 
a mouthful of gleaming braces.. 

Back at the car I suggested thai I take a 
shift driving. Bud and Larry climbed into 
the back seat while I rolled down the 
windows in the front. • noticed that my 
companions were unusually quiet and I 
couldn't see them in the mirror. 

• tried to make conversation. "You used 
10 have braces, Bud?" 

There was some muffled coughing. I 
glanced back to see Bud, Larry and an 
enormou cloud of smoke emerge from 
underneath a larp. 

"I did," Bud replied. "I pried them off 
with pliers." 

"Why did you do that?" I asked. 
"Dude, you know. People were trying to 

label me, see what I'm saying? They were 

trying to put me in a box. Like telling me 
who. WlB like I didn't have my own idediIy." 

Suddenly Larry was upset. 
"Hey. you got my ganjy stick all wet! 

Your salivatory glands are out of control, 
you crawling Philistine!" 

"Dude, jUSI put some lighter fluid on it," 
Bud said. There was a scuffle and suddenly 
the back seat was ablaze. "Dude, where' 
the beer'!" Bud asked. 

I caught a glimpse of Larry laughing 
crazily at the inferno. There was a distinc-
tive aluminum crack, a fizzing sound, and 
then the fire was gone. Great billows of 
smoke spilled out the windows and there 
was a police siren whining behind us. 

"Don't let the smoke out!" shouted 
Larry as • began to pull over. I suddenly felt 
numb. I was vaguely aware that Bud was 

crawling around on the floor behind me. 
In a dream, I watched the police car 

scream past us ju&I as I pulled over to the 
side of the road. I watched its angry lights 
disappear ido the distance ahead of us. 

"We lost all the smoke," Larry lamented. 
"Here's some more down here," Bud 

said from the floor. "Let's make a bake box." 
". think thai's a wise decision," said 

Larry. "As yourattomey, I advise you to 
roll up all the windows." 

I took the first off-ramp and stopped the 
car in front of 8 DeMY' s in Anaheim. 

"'This is where I live," I said. ''Thanks 
for the ride." 

"Dude, no problem," Bud said, tumbling 
into the front seat. "Happy Thanksgiving." 

"Happy Thanksgiving," I said stepping 
into the pay phone. 

How American Express 
helps you cover more territory. 

For less money. 
Become a Student Cardmember today and 
get 3 roundtrips on Continental Airlines, 
for only $129 or $189 each. 
Only Ihe American Expre ' Card offers an exciting Ira\'el program 
exclusivel ' for tudent - in luding three roundtrip certificate on 
Continental Airline And much, much more. 

Jusllook allhe map and pick the place you'd like lO \'i it. If 
it' on YOllr 'ide of the lis is ippi River, you can use a certificate 
to fly for only $129· roundtrip. Or you an cross l he 
Mi i ippi for $189 roundlrip. 

You have 'Ollf pi k of more than ISO cilies in the 
contiguou tale .And you can t1yalmo. tanYlime -

because there are no blackoul da le. But you mu. t 
makeyourre 'erv3tion withinl-1day~oftheday 'Oll 

leave. And the maximum tay i 7 day 0 nights and must include 
a aturday night. 

By becoming a lUdent Cardmember, you'll also enjoy other 
benefit from the American Express· Student Privileges· Program. 
uch a up to 30 minutes·· of MCI long·distance calling every month 

for an entire year- absolutely free. And that's just one example of 
how the Card can help you save. 

For ju t ISS a year, lhe Card gives you all these savings. And 
it ' ea y to applrJu t call us (have your bank address and account 
nU'!lber on hand). What's more, with our special student offer, it's 
easier to get the Card now while you're still in school than it may 

ever be again. 
SO get the Card. And get ready to cover new terri -

tory on either side of our Great Continental Divide. 
·MlnnrJlPoh~ c;c PJlul~ lool3oand '"" (')rWoJnurt'rons~t'","~Jstollhf MISSWIJ)p Iill\'f'f 

.. Acredu of up 10"""'0 fatalls .... 11 Jppraron nch bdll"lMIIm.t1)t rex 12 mond~aflt"rm'oU 
mrN '3""~tquJllo ltw-('rur~(orJdomtsIK' mlf~ .. tn.hI wttVndMCICudC~1 

blhl~ call and appr(lp"iK~ 5urrharges 'Ibu muSl mroU lot ,hi! 5nV.u by DKrmbr:r 11. 1991 

CALL l-SOO-942-AMEX ___ _ Continental 
I/),ou're already a Carli",'!/III",,; ther .. 's 110 ""I'd 10 call "iformarioll about your certificates u'iI/ be orrll"'8 soo" 

Being caught on 
1·5 for six hours, 
with no car phone, 
no phone. 

Adam Burke. Warren 
Senior, Ut/Eoglish 

I live in San Diego, 
so getting home is 
a cinch. Not 
getting out of San 
Diego for the 
holiday has been 
pretty hard. 

Krista Tony, Warren 
Senior, History 

---------------------------Arena 
What was your worst experience getting home for the holidays? 

Photographer: Alex Klyusner 

---------------------------

There was the time after New Year's 
when I'd stayed up all night with my 
parents and gone straight to the airporr 
with no sleep, fmally arriving in San 
Diego at about 9 a.m. and being picked 
up with my friend Kristi who also had 
no sleep. So we went to my apanmcnt 
and discovered I'd 
left the key at 
home, 800 miles 
away. So we 
wanden.>d around 
campus until we 
found someone 
who let us in at 2 
a.m. 

Liz Russell, Third 
Sophomore, Math 

I got bumped off one flight Onto an ther 
that left sixteen hours later. Spent all 

that time in the 
airport. Arrived at 
an intl.:nnruiate 
destination at 2 
a.m. my next flight 
left at 6 a.m. 
Arrived home one 
day late and dead 
tired. 

Chris Groening, Warren 
Senior. eSP/Cognitive Science 

When I went home 
last Thanksgiving I 
backed over the 
family dog and 
splattered it across 
my driveway. 

Rebekkah Dreskin, Third 
Sophomore, Psychology 

I live really far, in a 
Mexican £own 
calk-J Natitmal 
City, so it's always 
a monstrous hassle 
getting home (or 
the holidays. 

Adolfo Guzman LOpez, Muir 
Senior, Political Science 

-----------------------------7-------------------____ _ 

DeceDl.ber 2 
-

7, 
Eqjoy a 30% - 60% 

discount on 

Boxed Christmas Cards 
StutTed Animals 

Selected Clothing 
Children's Toys 

Ceramics and Novelties 
Luggage 

Glassware 
Housewares 

Collectors Porcelain 

The above listed sale price as mari<ed. 
While Quantities last 

Save 20% 
on our great selection 

of general books 
Including 

• Gift Books 
• Fiction and non-fiction 

. Children 's books 
- Sale books 
- calendars 

Discount will be taken at cash regisler. 
ClaSSification code 2000 only. 

Magazines and best sellers not included. 

j, Take 200/0 Off All Technical Books 
'- Including f!~~ \ ~ ) • Computer sdence (-;\ r. j . Mathematics 

} \..'yil....'".~ -engineering ;~ .... ~ • Physics 
I ~ ~ r'\ - Chemistry 

, " t .. 
, :, ! i /'. . Personal- computing 

~ 11 ! ~ - Biological Sdences 
.r V 
'; -I \ : Discount will be taken at cash register. / ,,"~~, . .., 

. I. V Classification code 8000 only. 
Books already discounted not Included. ~.~."t\ 

$ ./1-' , 
~.. . ... ~ ) 

UCSD Bookstore Hours ,I. .... ./ 
Monday • FrIday 8A1'I • 6P1'I ... .,ft--i" 
Saturday IOA1'I • 8"' ...... 1-

LJ.sn 
tt(>C)K",T<)J.fr 

Closed Sundays and Holidays 

...... -.,..,..,..._.~JL~.-~---,~~~ 

1)"'.~I\'IlI~ .. ,.I'I" .I~nl.lll\ tll",IIIIM'llt, 
.... ut'l'lI(11 hN' UIII 11111 )1.11 

AliTA 
FKU ON ULT 1\ liON 
4H·("IIICI. 7:7 I',wl 51. 
Sil' . lOll Il I ., loll" 

'PriCE Is ~ on Viple OCClJPllrlCY. Price incUda .. __ , ldEl, and Kport hnSIm 
in MozaIan. IIrioes _ sU:lject to c:Iwlge. 
~d on airfam ItIirM d tidortrrg. 

ncilTravcl 
UCSD Price Cater (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 



58 CALBNDAll 

I 

CADEMJ~ 
, , , 

AI .. , .. "" 7JnmllII, 
.8 a.m ..... :Jl p.m. - FridrtS 8 vn.1O 
3 p.m. The ... a... ....... 
provides assisIRe 10 SIIIdIns whose 
naINe Iq/IgII is noI English n 10 
!hose doing WOIt in ..... laiaJ, 
SpOsh, FIII1Ch, Gennan, Vl8IIWnesenl 
RussiM'I. A diagnostic test on wriUen 
English as a second ~ is available 
on request. call: 534-2284 tor more 
inlormallon. Old Sludent Center. BulldUlg 
A. Room 214. 

AlIIIIII"y tJJruHgI, Frill".Y 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The DUll 
... c.IIr IS a free service for all 
UCSO sIuderu. We oller one loone wnling 
confereoces for any type 01 wrlling pro,a:! 
- iK3Iemic papers. personal sIaIements 
evensloriesand poems. Ourstafl 01 trained 
lJldergraWales. who come Irom a varlely 
of ~ic disciplines. can help you 
become a more efIecIive writet'. Call 534-
2284 to make an appointment or drop by 
our oHtce In the Old Student Center. 
Building A. Room 214. Evening 
appomlmenls also available, 
.8am.-4:30p.m.-Let ... ..., 
.......... t Cenler help you this 
quarterwrth lime manaoemenl. notelalung. 
midterm preparahon. and lesHakIOg 
slrategies. Slop by York Hall 4010 or call 
534-7344 to sel up a personal 
appolnlment. Also stay on the lookoul for 
Ihose valuable OASIS Sludy Skills 
Workshops 
. 8a.m.-4·30p.m.-Comelothe'" lela.,.,' •• ,ItI •• Workshop lor 
asslslance Wllh your wrlllng pro,a:!s. We 
oller IndiVidual and group lutonng. Slop 
by York HaJl4070 or call 534-7344 10 set 
UP an apPOintment. 
. 9 a m.-4 p.m. - The Aludlltelll 
Std .. t, l.ter .. III, Offlc. 
encourages undergraduates In all maJOrs 
to take advantage 01 our services. We 
proVIde vanous mternshlp opportunilles 
on the nallonat, state. and tocal levets. 
Don·t walt unlll graduahon to begIO your 
career! Maklngconta:ls and gelling hands-
on work experience and ,ob IralOIOg 
Increases your chances lor posl ·graduate 
employment. Deadlines lor spring and 
summer Inlernshlps vary Visil our offICe 
early before IllS 100 lale! Price Cenler. 3rd 
floor, Room 3.303. For more Inlo. call 
534-4689. 

Tllm{ny nlld 17l11m{ny 
. 7-10 p.m. ~ LIlA 1lIIIIIy ....... 
Come out and study. Call 534-GAYS for 
more inlormatlon. 7th floor. Central 
Library. 

1oI1111I1"y tlJro'llllJ Fridn.y 
.8 am.-4 p.m. - _ .... 8 slep 
software package that allows you to 
individually assess your values. skills and 
inleresls to identify appropriale 
occupalions and receive descriplive 
information aboul them. Brief preliminary 
orientation with an advisor required. Ihen 
Iwo 2-hour sessions available on 
compuler. Schedule appolntmenl al 
Reference Room desk. Career Services 
Center. $10. 
.9 a.m.-4 p.m. - The A.S.I.O. invites 
undergraduales in all majors 10 lake 
advanlage of our services: learn how an 
inlernship can provide you with Ihe 
experience and job Iraining thaI a 
classroom educalion cannol offer. Be 
prepared before it is 100 laIe! We can also 
help you improve your resume, cover leiter, 
and inlerview skills. Making conlacts and 
gelling hands-on work experience 
increases your chances for posl-graduate 
employment. Drop by our office or call 
534-4689. Price Center. 3rd lloor. room 
3.303. 

1oI",/dIlY, NOI'ember 25 
.9-10 a.m. - I.eIIIiM, .., .... 
--..1IIIIIntIIIuI .... c ••• , ..... 
with Chell. Have a question? Want 
someone 10 talk lo? Need a supportive 
environment? Drop by Ihe Women's 
Resource Cenler or call 534-3987 to set 
up an appoinlment with Chel i. Lisa. Steve 
or David. 
.10 a.m. - 1IeIII"" W....., - A 
one-hourworkslJcp for Ihose dealing wilh 
ceding and weighl issues. Led by REO peer 
counselor. Susan Feiner. ConI. Rm .. 412 
MMC. 
• 2-4 p.m. - Interested in discussing 
personal issues or want 10 slop by lor a 
casual talk? Feel free 10 drop by for .,.. 
.... c ..... 11II - .. _ .. 
___ I N. the WRC on lhe 2nd floor, 
Price Center. or call 534-2023. 
• 3-5p.m. - ............ 
........ W_: Support group lor 
women doing gracwe WOf1l in science or 
the humandies. leaders: Reina Juarez. 

The UCSD GuarcliaD 

534-3875. and Maureen Morison. Call 
lor sigrl-up. HSS 2101 . 
• 4-5 p.m. - MI.k _liCI!Ic_ 
.......... : A group 10 discuss 
academic. personal and social 
experierlCCS. Leader. Lindsay calderon. 
534-0249. Call lor Sigrl-up.lrvine Room. 
Price Cenler. 
.7-9p.m.- LllA..-ta'-RM 
Ihrata .... ,.... .. ~ 
..... , a 'Coming Out 10 Parents" 
workshop. A must before the holidays! 
No. Conlerence Room. 

Tuesday, Nllve",ber 26 
• 9:30-10:30 a.m. -LaIIIII, _ 
••• 11 ..... 1 1 ... ' .... 1 ,.., 

c'''II'''WlthDavid.Havea~ion? 
Want someone 10 lalk lo? Need a 
supportive environment? Drop by room 
3247 of the Warren Lilerature Bldg. or call 
534-398710 set up an appointmenl with 
Cheli. Lisa. SIeve or David. 
.2:30-4 p.m. - m.cuw ..... 
........... Agroup~ing 
ways 10 improve ~th ~ coping in 
college. Leaders: Beverty Harju. 534-
2237. and Maureen Morison. 534-2237. 
Call for sigrl-up. 412 MMC. 
.3-5 p.m. II ....... ...... 
.... : For undergrawates who have 
had individual counseling m are now 
ready lor a group. Leader: Lindsay 
Calderon. 534-0249. cal tor preliminary 
appoinlment. Revelle Formal Loooge. 
• 6:30-8p.m.-C-...... -
A ....... ,.., f • .,... .. 
......... ,..,. ........... A 
supportiveenvironment 10 discuss issues 
lhal will enable us to understand (U 
friends' sexualily. Led by Chell. For mon! 
infocall534-2023or534-4297. Women's 
Resource CeI8. 

Wet/"esda" NwnflWr 27 
.1 p.m . ........... 1 ...... 
... 11.11: A grOt4llo leach ways tor 

mon~oring rmons and dIMges nI 
feeling more retaxed and confident. 

Leaders: Beverly Harju. 534-2237. m 
Mary McNaqtton, 534-0253. Call tor 
sigrl-op. 412 MMe. 
• 3-4 p.m. - lIdiIII, _ .... 
........... c ••••• I •• withSieve. 
Drop by room 3247 of lhe Warren 
Lilerature Bldg. or call 534-398710 set up 
an appointment with Chefi. Lisa, Steve or 
David. 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - Ln.l .... 111 
....... -' • .....-rt .,... Led by Cheli and Lisa. A weekly. 
confidential drop for women who want 10 
discuss issues and share COIlCmlS in a 
comfortable. supportive environment. 
Drop-ins welcome. or call 534-3987 for 
more information. Open 10 UCSO sIudenIs 
only. Women's Resource Center. 

17JUntiay, Nope",ber 28 
• 1-2 p.m. - LIIIIIIa, _ .... 
.................. c ..... ... 
with Usa Drop by the Women's Resource 
Center or call 534-3987 to set up ir1 
appoinlmenl with Cheli. Lisa, Stew or 
David. 
.6:30-8 p.m. -.., .... __ 
_ ............. led I7t peer 
counselors David and Steve. A weeldy. 
informal, confidential group for men who 
want 10 discuss issuesnlshnconams 
in a comIor1abIe, supportMlerlYironmenl. 
Drop-ins welcome. or call 534-3987 for 
more information. Open 10 UCSO sIudenIs 
only. Mounlain View Lounge. Third 
College. 

MEETINGS 

M..u" N-«r 25 
• 6-8 p.m. - LIlA ........ 
......... TodIy'UJpic'sbiihlllia 
nI 51 .. phobia. Two mini WIrtsIIops 
nI an open cIscussion 10 follow. Noflh 
ConIerenc:e Room. Old SIudenI CenIer . 

T"esda." N,Jltlflber 26 
• 12-1 p.m. - ..... ..,. 
A. j • • meding. AP& .. 2:1)1. 

Mooday, Novanbcr 28, 1991 

.6p.m. ...._CllllMeeling. 
~motnainllilcingnlvarious 
fl!Cfl8ional activities. Come join the fill. 
Gallery A, Price Center (200 ftoor above 
the 1heaIer). 

WuI"esday, NIIPtmber 27 
• 8:30-10:15 a.m. - •• , •• 
C •• , ............ - hoogry before 
class? Want 10 meet interesting people? 
Want to knowwhal's going on at Wanen? 
Come join us! $.50 OOnaiion tor all you 
can eel. L.iIer.*Jre Bldg., 2nd floor. Warren 
Provost ConI. Room. 
• 5 p.m. - Asian American cuHure is 
not juslilmiled 10 Chow Mein and Chop 
Suey. Joinbll .......... UCSO's 
~Iic IsInIer Americ3l journal. 
as we explore issues of eornrllINMies ... 
cal Leng 81260-1882 or Erick 81 622-
oon lor more InIonnaIion. Rm 207. 2nd 
noor of Old SIudenI CenIer. above Son 
ReseMs. 
EVENTS,'-'. 
nl (~l -~r . \1 Ie' )~ J 

AI"""'" NIIMrIIter 25 
.8 n110 p.rn. - 'IIIe _ ,_ 
..,..,. v. IMI-Aplayl7t Raira 
Werner Fassbinder, direcled by tv.! 
TalijHic. The second Fall pnW:tion of 
Ihe UNDERGRAUND! Ttlealre. PC 
Ballroom B. Free. 

Tunt/ay, NIIJte",ber.!6 
• 12-3 p.m. - Grassrools 
Corrvnunic3ions p!8S8lIs an ...... 
............................. 

--II •••• ., ......... 
incIudingsiideshows, videos, newsIeIeIs. 
E . Everyone is inwited III come n join 
the fIJI! Met Patio. flee. 
• 8 p.rn. - TradiIionII and modIIm 
QOSIIIIf songs wiU be I*bmed br IIIoIA 
JlOIIIIIIIIIm 0I"~" 
......CllllrInUnllwl .. AudItoIUn. 
• 8n 10 p.m. - 'IIIe _ '-
........... -AllllrbrRaiw 
Werner FISSbIncIIr. ClI8CIed by tv.! 

TalijRic. The second Fall procU:Iion of 
Ihe UNDERGRAUNDI Thealre. PC 
Ballroom B. Free. 

Wednesday, NIlPember 27 
.12 p.m. -l.eIIIIIII, 1If, ...... 
1IIcII. tile ...... Come w andeal 
lunch with others like you. For more 
information call 534-GA YS. 
• 8 p.m. - Kick 0" the IICI .-E....... season in Mandeville 
AuditOrium with the UCSO GuiW nI 
Saxophone Ensembles as well as eid1t 
small jazz combos. They will perform a 
rqe of styles. Guest artIsI will be pianist 
Stephen McQuarry. 

SNnIlIlY, IXcnrWer 1 
.3 p.m. - A ~ mirUe walking tour of 
!he beadifut UCSO ranpus, iIDIding 
some of the 0UId00r scuIpIure in !he 
SIuaII CoIIedion. win beollenld Sundays, 
Od.20toAprlI26.bylhe_VIIIIIII 
....... The tours willleM from the 
Informllion Pavilion on Gilman Drive. 
The ~ Sooset Tours" ale !rae nI 
dasigr1ed primarily for aclIIts. nae is a 
minimal parking lee. Call 534-4414 for 
nlSllYalions. 

TlUllla" N_ber 26 
.12-1 p.m. -I11III IIIIIr in the Book 
01 Ads. All people ale welcome. Price 
Center. Santa Bmra Room. 
.8 p.m. - ... 2\ ........ u-. _ .. ute" is C3I1pUS Pastor 
John lu.'slopic. The tncpl1!lSSerniIw 
is held on T uesdIy instead 01 WemesdIy 
IlisWllllk.Openklalllmersilyw... 
CIuth. .:ross lie SIIeeI hom lIMIte 
Cc.tege. 

SIt"tllI • ." IXtnllWr 1 
• 10:15 am. - ..... __ 
...... spoMOIIdbJ~c.us 
UInistIy.Ewlyaneislllll:ome.l)MrsiIy 

~ CIuI:II. .:ross ...... 110m 
RMIIe CoIfegB. 


