
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

The events surrounding 
the Rodney King trial tell us 
exactly where we stand 81 a 
nalion. Clearly. the Ameri-
can dram has become a 

ni~ forlho&e who 
have been excluded from 
society. The Kina vaWcl 
and the CIIIIrina riots ton:e 
us co n6!c::t OIl what the 
Amcric:aa cham ..... and 
how it can be extended to 
aU/PAIl .. 

HiATUS 

daan~= cace. JlD.Wd. f6 
IWlboae fame, wu nitecl 011"''''''' of Soudt-CeaaId LA. In "' __ ', 
H ...... wa. ....... 
.. die rioIIlUd tIIe_ 
cttbe .... , PMlIIJ 

Playoff TIIiI 
The UCSD baebaII 

.... (27-6-1) wiJII101t the 
Kinpmen of Cal LudIeran 
(36-3) this weebacI for the 
lint IOU8d of the Division 
mp1ay6. The _-of. 
h scriea will begin. 3 
p.m. Friday. UCSD will be 
led by ..uors Ernie ItoIa 
and David Rex. Alday's 
.... pilcher .... notbeen 

~/P. :II 

0CJII1,1on. •••••••••••••••••••• 4 
HIIII.IS •• • •••••••••••••••• 112, 

~ ............. II 
~ .................... 1I 

Judicial Board Members Not Official 
• Chair has been only confmned member all year; 
validity of election case rulings questioned 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

While the case of Durall ". 
Holmes remains at the center of 
controversy surrounding the Asso-
ciated Student ' Presidential elec-
tion ,evidence surfaced earlier thi 
week that the AS. Judicial Board, 
which i hearing the case. is not a 
valid body. 

According to AS. Vice Presi-
dent Admini trative and acting AS. 
President Randolph Siwabessy, he 
realized while reviewing the Judi-
cial Board Chaner last Sunday that 
he did not recall the council's hav-
ing voted to confirm the appoint-
ments of the 1991 -92 members to 

Be Prepared 

the Judicial Board. 
Upon consulting AS. records. 

Siwabessy found that the board's 
chair, Gloria Corral. is the only one 
of the six members who has been 
officially approved for a position on 
the board. She was confirmed to her 
one-year appointment on Oct. 16. 
1991. 

The other five board members, 
each a college representative. have 
been acting under the a sumption 
that they were appointed by their 
colleges. Apparently. no one real-
ized until now that official confir-
mation by the AS. had been over-
looked. 

The Judicial Board Chanerstates 

that each college must appoint a 
member to the board. and each ap-
pointment must be voted on by the 
AS. Council. However. the docu-
ment does not specify who holds the 
responsibility of submitting nomi-
nations to the AS. 

According to Siwabessy. based 
on his personal interpretation of the 
charter and precedent set by former 
Judicial Board Chair Paul Varin. a 
Judicial Board Chair. Corral is re-
sponsible for the oversight. 

Former Vice President Admin-
istrative Mike Holme ' agreed. say-
ing. " I don't know when [Corral I 
got the board together. but there was 
no legislation [to offi iallyapprove 
the appointments] submi tted." 

Corral. who was told about the 
oversight Monday. said it was not 

Acting A.S. President Randolph 
Siwabessy 
her duty to submit Judicial Board 
appuintments to the A.S . " If 
thing, it 's the vice president 

See BOARD, Page 7 

Board Hears 

- -

Case Against 
Holmes 
• Dunm accuses opponent 
of fabricating evidence 
used to defend himself 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

The Associated Students Judicial Board 
heard testimony yesterday from both par-
ties in Durall v. Holmes, the latest in an 
ongoing series of hearings on alleged im-
proprieties in the presidential election. 

The board met briefly after the close of 
the hearing. but has yet to submit a deci-
sion. The board must ruleon the case within 
six academic days. 

Dan McDowelJGu.t1*an 
UCSD fraternities and sororities sponsored a condom fund-raiser Wednesday in the Price Center 
Plaza. Students who laid down a quarter could pick up a condom. The money went to benefit the 
San Diego AIDS Foundation. 

After the Dllroll 1'. Holmes case is ruled 
on. the presidential election i expected to 
be resolved. 

During the hearing. presidential candi-
date Ruben Dumn accused his opponent. 

State Funding for UC 
May Drop 30 Percent 
• Governor's report may mean more UC budget cuts; 
regents could raise fees again, student leaders says 
By Jason SneI 
Senior Staff Writer 

The stale's growing financial 
crisis may force reductions in the 
University of California budget 
nearly twice as great as previously 
thought. uc officials and students 
learned Tuesday. 

While university officials and the 
UC Board of Regents originally 
thought that a worst-case scenario 
would see the university's budget 
cut by about 15 percent for 1992-93. 
new figure released Tuesday by 
the office of Governor Pete Wilson 
suggest that the UC and scores of 
other state-funded programs face 
across-the-board budget cuts rang-
ing anywhere from 17.4 to 30.7 
percent. 

"A 17-percent cut is equivalent 
to the operating budget of a large 

UC campus like UC Davis," said 
Lee Butterfield, the executive di-
rector of the University of Califor-
nia Student Association (UCSA). 
"Imagine how devastating a cut like 
that is to the UC. and then realize 
that there will have to be equivalent 
cuts to all other parts of the state 
government." 

How large the budget cut will be 
depends on the actions of the state 
legislature. If legislators decide to 
reduce mandated funding for el-
ementary, secondary and commu-
nity college education and adopt all 
of the proposed reductions outlined 
by Wilson in his January budget 
proposal, the across-the-board bud-
get cuts will be limited to 17.4 per-
cent. 

If the legislature votes to adopt 
See BUDGET, Page 11 

See ELECTIONS, Page 3 

Chile's President Honored 
For Dedication to Democracy 
By Stephen Brager 
Guardian Reporter 

Chilean President Patricio Aylwin Az6car was awarded the 
lnstitute of the Americas ' 1992 Award for Democracy and Peace 
Monday night for his life-long dedication to democratic politics and 
social justice. 

TIle award was presented at a dinner in the president 's honor at 
the Hotel Del Coronado by Institute of the Americas President Paul 
Boeker and Chairman of the Board James Jameson. 

The Institute of the Americas is a non-profit organization dedi-
cated to bringing together academics, businesspersons and politi-
cians from throughout the Americas to discu s the problems of the 
hemisphere. It is located on the UCSD campus but is not officially 
part of the university. 

TIle In titute's Board of Directors selected Aylwin. who was 
inaugurated in March. 1990 as the first freely elected Chilean 
president in 17 years. in recognition of hi s central role in the 
democratic oppo ition' s truggle to end the mil itary regime that had 
ruled Chile ince 1973. 

Upon receiving the award. Aylwin declared that the greate t 
challenge facing the nation of Latin America "is to make demo-
cratic panicipation fully compatible with a development plan that 
assures sustained economic growth and social justice. ,. 

See CHILE, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

ProfessIonals to Share insider VIews 
At Careerlnfonnatlon FairTomorrow 

The Career Services Center and the Alumni Office are 
sponsoring a CaRer lnformaJion Fair tomorrow in the 
Career Services Plaza from II a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Professionals, many of whom are UCSD alumni, will 
be on hand to IlIlk infonnally with swdents, providing 
inside information about wo~ng in more than 100 fields. 
Guardian Beats ProfessIonals at 
West Coast Newspaper Conference 

The UCSD Guardian was recognized for outstanding 
feature page design last weekend at "Graphics '92," the 
San Jose Mercury-News' annual newspaper design con-
ference. 

Graphics Editor Mel Marcelo and Design Editor James 
Collier received a first-place award for their iIIustta1ion 
and design work on the opinion page titled "The 
MulticulruraJ College of the Future?" which was published 
during Fall Quarter, 1991. The Arizona Republic placed 
second and the San Diego Union placed third. 

The Guardian competed against professional newspa-
pers on the West Coast and was the firstcoUege newspaper 
ever to win an award from the contest. 

"We've felt for the longest time that we could hold our 
own with the pros. It's nice lO see that someone else 
agrees," Marcelo said. 

The competition was judged by Lyoo Staley, art direc-
toroftheBoslonGlobe, Deborah Withey of the Delrojl Fru-
Press and Dr. G. Stualt Adam. a visiting lecturer at the 
Poynter Institute. 
.Job.SeekIng Graduates Encouraged 
To PartICipate In Job Search Club 

Forthose who are still looking forajobaftergraduation, 
help is available. Sign up for the Job Search Oub at the 
Career Services Center. 

[n three weeks graduate students can learn assertive job 
search strategies to give them an edge. 

The program begins June 22, and meets eight times 

The UCSD Guardian 

through July 10. 
Participants will be directly involved in looting for worit 

and have the support of others in the groupsduong the process. 
For more infonnation, stop in at the reference room of the 

Career Services Cenrer. 
Computer Center to Award Creative, 
Innovative ScIentIfIc Mel ArtIstIc Work 

The San Diego Computer Cenler at UCSD is offering five 
awards fororiginaJ work that uses computers in a particu\arly 
creative way. 

All aspects of computer usage, from computer science to 
scientific computing applications in various disciplines, arc 
eligible. 

Awards may also be made for original pieces of scientifIC 
visuali~tionorcomputergraphics(fromsingleimagestofull­
length videos) that are ilUlOvative or particularly creative or 
insightful. 

The total award amount for the fi ve prizes is $1,000. Any 
registered UCSD student or group of students may submit one 
piece to the center. 

Past winners have submitted pieces such as "Milling during 
vortex ring collision," "Protein struCture determination," 
"Evolution of tw<Hlimensiona\ foam" and "An automatic 
meanstodiscriminatebetweenearthquakesandquanyblasts." 

Applicants should sutmit a copy of their work, details of 
computer technology used, a cover Jener and supporting 
materials such as a letter of recommendalion or a review to 
Crealillt C ompuling Awards 1992, Attn. Prof. H. Aref, SDSC 
0505 UCSD, La Jolla 92093. 

Materials may also be dropped off at the supercomputer 
recepcionist's de5k. 

The deadline for submission is June 5. 

Caalo DonaI8s Cole etlan fI Books, 
V'.cIeos fI ...... Art to UCSD'alRPS ·-

The Casio Corporation has donared a sec of books and 
videos about Japanese traditional arts to the Graduate School 
of International Relations and PacifIC Studies at UCSD. 

The books introduce 208 worts of art such as colored 
textiles and ceramics with pictum; and conunentaries. Some 
of the worts were designated as traditional arts by the Ministry 
of International Trade in Japan. 

The videotapes show the process of making various art 
works. lite weaving and dycing, with the traditional techniques. 

"By distributing these books and video tapes abroad, we 
hope we can contribute to the development of culture in the 
world," said a Casio spokesperson. 

The gift, "A Complete Edition of the Traditional Art 
Industry in Japan." is valued at $2.000. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Friday, 
Saturday, IIRI ~ in Sar1 
DIego COlI1Iy. 

2-3 
...... 
(Secouds) 
12 

Surfing 
CondltTons: 
POOR 

.... 

.... da. 
w 4 ' ~ -; ' .,. 

... . . 

Average temper-
atures for 
__ /alrare: 

69/67 

Thursday, May 14,1992 

IH()\'()lHCRC\\lf l l S[c) 
• PolIce Search UCLA HousIng, 

RecoverPropertyStoienDurllCRIots 
UCLA campus police arc conducting an investigation 

in Saxon Suites, wtuch arc pan of university housing; 
where allegedly stolen propeny from rioting in Westwood 
was recovered April 30. 

The property. which consists mostly of clothing, shoes 
and sneakers. was found in at least one of the complell's 
buildings, said Alan Cueba, assistant campus poli,c.:echief. 

Two campus security officers called police on the night 
of April 29 after seeing the allegedly stolen goods in 
residents' rooms, said a Saxon staff member. The property 
was recovered the nelll moring when selected rooms were 
searched. 

Police are interviewing Saxon residents to get further 
information. No one has been arrested in connection to the 
propeny, and poliCe would not speculate on whether 
arrests would be made in the future. 

-l8uren GIJcIunen, UClA o.Jly Btuln 

UCSB CIaIceIIor Becomes SeCOild 
WornM to.Joln Fonner AIMaIe Club 

uc Santa Barbara 0mnce1l0r Barbara Uehling broke 
acentury~ld tradition last month when she became one of 
the first two women admined into a fonncdy all-ma'e 
Santa Barbara social club. 

Uehling and Santa Bamara businesswoman Marian 
Koonce arc now members of the Santa Barbara Oub, 
which recendy ended a rnen-onIy policy that had been in 
effect since 1892. when the club was founded. 

Uehling's ftrst visit to the 2OO-member club was to 
have lunch with the club's president. The Santa Barbara 
Oub is largely made up of businessmen, professionals and 
retirees. • 

". thought it was a nic.:e facility," Uehling said, noting 
thai moose heads line the walls of the clubhouse. 

Uehling described the club as ". place where you can 
meet for lunch and do business," and said she hopes she 
can better convnunity connections with UCSB. 

- Bonnie BIlla, UCS8 Deily Nexw 

GUXKI)IAN 
JASON SNEU., &atII1n ChItJI 
PETER MO,.... 1II¥&atII 
lEN BOYCHUK, Cl'pHon &atII 
MIQIIIB. aJCKENIJEYER, 4_"''''''''' &atII 
JAMES COWER, ~ &atII 
LYNN FRANEY, CIIpy &IfDr 
JC&PH GARCIA, ,.,.. &atII 
lEN FREUND, .." "Spec'" &IfDr MARY BETTY HEARD, ,... &air 
ctERYL HOCIMtN, A_ "", CIIpy &liar 
SUE MAPES, A_ ... """", &liar 
MEL MARCElO' ...... &liar 
DAN MCDO\m " ",.. &liar 
.... I'tIICK'P., ._. r 0pfnIan &liar 
KEN PERIMAN, ...... &liar 
AM". ROVA, ..... &atII 
EIIC~,A'fQc"''''''''''' 
.ucn. WOLCOfT, A ..... ,..... .... 
WI.EEN WONG, A.FK"",,....., .... 
GREDG W~ ..woe ... "..,. .... 

.. 1dD ..... .,.... ................... _ ........... .. 
_ .............. " .. _" .. __ "_ ..... _,.... 
... ..-&" ....... _JlWI.CII ................... _" 
----... ,.,,_--" ............ _._ .. 
___ ......... " lilt 1.aD ............ "CIiIIIIIt. ... _ 
_ .. 1.aD.-._..,., ..... """*' ....... ,_'-
...... a ••• 0, ........ 0-.._ ••• , '-= JM.NM 
UCSD ....... 9SOO GIIIMn DrIve 031.6, 

... JoIa, CA 92093-0318 
_ ..... -.- ..... a.... ..... a..w..--·A· 

Thunday, May 14, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Task Force Promotes AIDS Awareness Among UCSD Greeks 
By StephMle Danford members led group di cuss ions "[AIDS isl not like the plague, AIDS. 
Staff Writer aboutissuesconcemingstudentsand because it i something we can do At the seminar, which was re-

As part of this week's Greek AIDS. something about," Feinreich told peated yesterday afternoon, infor-
Week activities. sorority and frater - " It· s not just AI DS 10 I." said the audience. mation was presented about protec-
nity members attended seminars on task force member and Muir Col- Pi Beta Phi sorority members lion against !-flV infection. The lask 
AIDS presented yesterday By the lege senior Galit Feinreich. "We're Sara Davison and Susan Veladi force promoted the use of condoms, 
UCSD AIDS Education and Pre- about facts, treatment andte tsites. agreed that the interaction between handing out free condom anddem-
vention Task Force. We're not here to tell anyone what the task force and fraternity and onstrating with a banana how they 

The seminars opened with a to do - this i a peer discussion." sorority members was "definitely should be used. 
screening of a locally produced Feinreich led the discussion in positive." The task force also pent a great 

videoentitled"[ma~ne This," about the first seminar of the day. held in Davison added that she knew deal of time discussing the process 
college-aged students who have the Price Center. About 70 students that Pi Beta Phi had held informa- of being tested for }flY and the 
tested positive for }flY or have and members of the Greek commu- tional activities about alcohol and emotional Ire s the test can create. 
AIDS. After the video, task force nity attended. rape this year, but not one about Task force members circulated 

ELECTIONS 
ContInued from PICe 1 
Mike Holmes. of falsifying infor-
mation and failing to report printing 
expenses. He charged Holmes with 
failing to record the printing of2,800 
campaign flyers in his expense ac-
count, thus opening the possibility 
that Holmes would have exceeded 
the allowable amount of expenses, 
had the flyers been recorded. 

Each candidate is allowed to 
spend $125. and each group of can-
didates running together on one slate 
is allowed a maximum of $500 in 
expenses. 

Duran based his testimony on 
information allegedly given him by 
an employee of Kinko' s Copy Cen-
ter in LaJolla who witnessed Holmes 
ordering a large number of cam-
paign flyers to be copied at Kinko's, 

[n response, Holmes contended 
that 1.800 flyers were printed. but 
never recorded because they were 
never used. 

One thousand of the unused fly-
ers, Holmes said. were recycled af-
ter he and the members of his slate 
decided that they were inappropri-
ate for use in the campaign. Another 
800 were not distributed because 
they were left at a campaign 

WEDNESDAY'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

member's house and never retrieved, 
he said. 

As to the remaining 1,000 flyers 
Dur.in accused Holmes of not re-
porting. A.S. Executive Secretary 
Anna Catalanotto testified that. due 
to her error in recording an expense 
for the wrong date. it appeared that 
Holmes had 1.000 more flyers than 
he actually did. 

The Judicial Board heard the case 
despite object ion from Holmes that 
becausethechargesagain thim had 
never been made clear or specific, 
he had not been given a chance to 
gather a defense. 

The board also denied Duran's 

request of closing the hearing to the 
public in respect to the testifying 
Kinko's employee. 

"This person is in fearofher job. 
She ha already been sanctioned," 
Duran argued. He later said that. 
because the employee had given 
him confidential infonnatio!1 about 
another customer. she has been 
stripped of her seniority, and has 
forfeited several privileges. such as 
the right to count the money in the 
cash register and to work on orders 
marked confidential. 

Duran also anempted to dispel 
rumors that he and the employee are 
friends, saying that he had never had 

Calvin and Hobbes 
SeoIt Aapred by ASUCSD-Spoasored Event: Consueta Sooll. the t99t-92 Sludenl 

Affirmative A~on Committee Chair, e~pressed concern over the aEduc:alion and the Racisl 
Road 10 Barbarism" leclure held tast nighl al !he Price CeRler. The A.S.·sponsored event 
fealured Dr. George Reisman. Professor of Economics at Pepperdine Uni versily. who focused 
on !he barbaric ancestry of western civilizalion. Scot! said lhal Reisman made SI~lIemenlS lhat 
offended minorily groups. including the idea thai elhnic sludies are racisl and conlrary 10 
western ideotogy. Scali also said lhatallimes Reismanasked mcmbersoflhe audience to tcave 
because they were e~pressing views conlrary 10 his own. Atthough Scou said she does not 
endorse !he idea of censorship. she was angered lhat the A.S. would fund an evenl in which 
speakers discriminalCagainsl!he audience. She asked thaI in !he fUlure.lhe A.S. use sensili vii)' 
and be aWaR of what groups iI is funding. 

lists of anonymou test sites, eight 
ofwhichconducttests freeof charge. 
Testingat the UCSD Student Health 
Center costs $50 and is confidential. 
but not anonymous. 

Many questions were mised by 
students concerned with the impor-
tance of being tested and the confi-
dentiality of the test results. 

The discussion period was open 
to all speakers; the task force mem-
bers took time to both speak and 
listen as students expressed their 
opinions and fears. 

contact with the person except when 
doing business at Kinko's. 

Duron testified that on April 9, 
the last day of voting in lhe A.S. 
election, he and members of his 
campaign went to Kinko's to make 
some flyers . While at the counter, 
he said he noticed a stack of flyers 
used by Holmes' campaign. 

Duran said he commented on 
Holmes' flyers, and the attendant 
replied, "Yeah, he's made thou-
sands of them. Don't you guys have 
limits on the number you can 
make?" 

Duran said he was upset. and 
See ElEcnONS, Page 7 

by Bill Watterson 

l~ Gal" 1t> S1tlI' 
IlE~OIHG l\()SE ~ 
AlMa. <lllu!o\N.s 

\ 

Reglstrallon Fee Commillee RepruenlJlllve Addresses Budget Problems: Viclor 
Niebtas. !he Registration Fee commillcc representative discussed his meeting with Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson and !he severe budgel problems facing lhe 
University of California system. According to Watson. !he focully retirement age will be 
decreased 10 45 10 encourage facully to leave and help alleviate !he budgel crisis. In addition. 
residency requiremenlS will be raised 10 Ihree years. Nieblas said !he UC syslem can expect I 0-
I S% budgel CUIS in the upcoming years and a drop in enroltmenL According 10 Niebtas, !he 
incoming freshman class will be !he hardest hil, as !hey will be unaware of lhe fee hikes uRlil 
after !hey have enrotled. 

•. so Pt.E;\~ l£1I.'4t ,., 
M£SSM;£ 1\'<; lOll: 

Old BusIness: 
• Allocation of S800 from Media Unallocated 10 )39 for publicalion and negative funds. 

Passed. 
• Appoinlmt'nt of Mall Talpis 10 AS Rules and Media Commiltee. Passed. 
• Allocation ofS300 from General Unaltocaled to A.S. Travet and Development for van 10 

attend "Grassroots Organizing Weekend" at UCLA on May IS-l7. Passed. 
• Allocalion ofSI.240.60 from General Unallocated 10 Asian and Pacific Islander Sludenl 

Alliance for Recognition Dinner on May 30. 1992. Passed. 
• Allocation of $300 from Sludent Organization Finance Board budgel 10 Allernolil't 

VisiolU for AV Organizational and Leadership Retreat on May 29-30. Passed . 
• Allocation of $300 from General Unallocated 10 External Affairs GROW tine item for 

Grassroou Organizing Weekend. Passed. 
• Approval of Charter for Ad Hoc Task Force 01\ Studenl Organization Funding. Passed. 
• Suspens~ of Financial By taws Article V. Section E for MEChA underwrite of 

lno/vidabk Pa1'sed. _ .kNInne DoNIhoe 

At only $20 • month with no 
COntract, you can't get • 

better bargeln. 
0IIw npItea 5I211III2 

NO INITIATION FEE 

·AEROItCS 
• FREE WEJGKTS 
, STMIIASTERS 
.NAUTl.US 

• t.I'ECYQ.E8 
• AEIIOK ITEPS 
• CUM AND SPACIOUS 
, PEJIIONALlNITAUC11ON 

·4 __ FRQM c:-.us 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont SquIre Shopping Center 

(Near LeeWIWds, behind para Sport) 
483·9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

Sl:YJNO OF 11\£ Cue K . 

'L-__ ~ ____ ....J L... __ ~_L..-_....J -'" 

UCSD SUMMER 
SPECIAL 

25%OFF ANY size storage unit 
' . :2. 

with this ad 
I 

• .. 

at 
Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 

.
. ,. __ 
--~ .. --~~~----~~.--~ La Jolla VIllage Dr. MIramar Rd. 

I 
• (extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

549·0500 
• I 



OPINION 
--~------

4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1992 

c o M M E N T A R y 

• ill 
e 

America needs to rethink its way of life after the L.A. riots 
By Gerald Doppelt 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

T ilE Sl IOCKING EVENfS SURROUNDING n IE CASE OF Rodney King tell us where and who we arc as a society. Just a few decades ago. our expecta-
tions of a renewed American dream of peace. equality. 
and social justice for all were heightened by the Civil 
Rights movement. the War on Poverty, the Great 
Society. social movements for peace and freedom and 
an enlarged consciousness of our environment -
"sp;l(.-eship Earth." These sentirnents brought people 
toge!her and generJted hope for a common American 
future. 

'The brutal and unnecessary beating inflicted on 
Rodney King and the acquitlal of the policemen 
responsible for it show us to be a nation as divided as 
ever by rdCial and social fear, mistrust and animosity. 
Regardle s of how we assess the police. the trial or the 
jury. most of us simply do 1101 believe that these 
injustices would have occurred if Rodney King had 
been white. or if either the arresting officers or the jury 
had included Aftican-Arnerican.~ . In this nightmare, the 
American dream of social progress and equal justice 
for all seems to have died - for Rodney King. 
African-Americans and !he rest of us, as well. 

To make maners worse. the shock and outrage of 
most Americans at the beating of King and the 
acquittal of those respon. ible for it has quickly given 
way to shock and outrage at the ensuing rioting, 
1000ing. arson. assaults and mayhem in Los Angeles 
and ocher major American cities. These acts of 
violence and our rea tions to them threaten to fuel the 
very r.ICial and social divisi ns responsible for the 
treamlent of Rodney King in the first place. Some 
Alllericans. including many of the rioters themselvC!>. 
see this violence as acts of protest and outrJge -
ju~t ified in some lne<bure by the cruse of Rodney King 
and !he r.ICism in our society which it embodies. 
Others see the violence I1lOre simply and ~trJight­
forwardly as tile il1ll1lOml acts of a criminal underclass 
of opportunists. thuw> and hooligans. 

T o MY UNO. n lE TRlJTl l lS BOll I MORE COMPU-cated and I1lOre discomfoning. Whether or not we see the looting and violence a'i acts of 
protest. they cannoc be I1lOrally justified a'i such. Most 
of the victims of the violence are innocent people. The 
injuries and damages they suffer are obviOt1'>ly wrong. 
and utterly fail to compensate Rodney King or other 
victim5 of racism for the wrongs they suffer. "These 
acts of violence also utterly fail to restore the sense of 
justice. dignity or self-respect of the riOler.>- whose 
lives and persons arc hardly better off than before. Of 
course. these acts destroy the very businesses, 
neighborhoods and commWlities on which many 
people depend for daily life. including the riClers. 
Finally. such violence contributes to the very climate 
of fear. mistrust and anger that fracrures the American 
dream IIlto wars of race and class. 

[f we cannot accept these acts of violence as I1lOraI 
or rational, nonelheless we absolulely must come to 
grips with the human stories behind them. llleSe 

~toriC!> arc part of our MOry a'i a nation. They tell us 
where and who we are. Those who looted and burned 
are neilher ~imply criminal hooligans. nor righteous 
protesters. 'The beating of Rodney King and the 
acquittal of those responsible clearly ignified and 
triggered powerful animosities and fru trations in the 

Itves of the riOler.>. Their animosities and frustration<; 
are inseparable from the place they occupy in society. 
Many of the riocers are individuals with no positive 
place, home. role. agency. responsibility, identity, voice 
or visibility in mainstrerun social and economic 
institutions. 

The fact of their exclusion, or lack of access, is 
primary. The American dream is a dream of inclusion, 
equality and prosperity. Moved by the same desires for 
these goods as the rest of LL~. marginalized Americans 
Live a life of rage. despair. binerness. hopelessness and 
alienation. Whatever its cause or explanation. exclusion 
breeds violence and indifference to law. By its own 
inner logic. the American dream rums into a nightmare, 
first for those excluded, and then for everyone else. 

H ow ARE WE TO RESI'OND TO TIiE RIOTS? AMERI-cans disagree endlessly about who or what is responsible for exclusion and violence: 
individual or society. nature or culrure. conrupt 
government or corrupt people. These politicized 
debates hide what we already know as pan of our 
common democralic heritage. The American dream is 
a dream of individual responsibility and equal opportu-
nity. Without the willingness and ability of a person to 
take responsibility for his or her life, opportunities and 
resources are wllSlCd. Sirnilariy. wilhout sufficient 
opportwlities and resources. individual responsibility 
spins out of control and cannot function. Thus. as 
citizens. we have always been willing to take some 
measure of collective responsibility for the American 
Dream - for caring and assuring that all of our 
children and citizens have suffICient educational. 
economic. social and political opponunities to live with 
dignity. 

But we can forget such home-truths! During the last 
decade or so. there has been a drift in our national life 
toward a politics and economics of shon-sightedness. 
greed incompetence. cynicism. irresponsibility and 
neglect Many people at the center of political and 
economic power have made decisions that destroy or 
narrow the opponunities and resources upon which the 
American dream depends. A rnora\ climate has gained 
ground in which each looks out for himself or herself, 
and his or her own kind. and forgets. ignores, mistrusts 
or fears all the rest. This clil11llle weakens our moral 
bonds as citizens and finds its echo in the disturbing 
events surrounding Rodney King. 

YET, "THE AMERICAN DREAM STILL REPRESEHI'S WHO we hope to be. if flO( quite where we are as a nation. In our capacity to be shocked and 
OUImged by the trealmcnt of Rodney King. we signify 
10 one another that our dream of social justice and 
ample opportunity for all is nO( dead; we will flO( let it 
die. We condemn the violence of the riots, but we 
know that the rioters still tell us something about where 
they stand in the American dream that distwbs 
everyone. As citizens of a modem democracy. our fates 
are intertWined. In the wake oflhese tenible events. we 
might renew our montl integrity as American'i by 
staning again to think and talk about how to rebuild our 
common institutions and way of life so that every 
American has full opportunity for a responsible and 
worthwhile life. Our morJl integrity as a great deroo-
cratic soc iety is at stake. 

- GenIId Dappett II a 
,*0' ... of .,*-PhY .a UCSD 

Thursday, May 14,1992 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Credit Where It Is Due 
Editor: 

In his April 27 conunentary, "Abonion and Ihe Truth." 
Miguel Buckenrneyer goes on at some length to discuss the 
extent to which language can corrupt and diston reality . 

Mr. Buckenrneyer begins rather inauspiciously in hi first 
paragraph by giving me credit for something I never said. 0 
should note that even though I disagree with the piece in its 
entirety, with its anti-abonion stance as well as its reflexive 
dernonization of "feminists" and "abonionists: ' I'll limit 
myself to the fir.it paragraph in which my narne appears.) Mr. 
Buckenmeyer writes: "According to UCSD graduate student 
Mark Slouka, in every century language has been used to 
describe reality simply. On the contrary, language in the 20th 
century has done everything but describe reality . The degra-
dation of language has led tothecorruptionof many regimes." 

First, [am not now, nor have) ever been, a UCSD graduate 
student, though I'm sure it's a fine thing to be. Details aside, 
Mr. Buckenmeyer's first sentence mystifies me completely. 
11lough I can only guess at what he may have wanted to say, 
he seems to be uggesting that I. at some point, advocated 
some son of simple-minded connection between language 
and "reality." 

Simply put, the impression left by Mr. Buckenmeyer's first 
paragraph is precisely 180 degrees from the truth. In my 
section of The Making of the Modern World, I referred to the 
link Orwell made between corrupt regimes and the corruption 
of language. 

How Mr. B uckenmeyer managed to transfonn a 50 minute 
discussion on the corruption of language into "in every 
century language has been used to describe reality simply." is 
a miracle on the order of the breads and the fishes. 

MarkSlouka 

Students Should Complain 
Editor: 

Regarding "Fonner Student's Faculty Complaint Ignored" 
(Apr. 16), r would like to thank the reporter, David Snow, for 
attempting to fairly represent both sides on the matter; how-
ever, I felt that it should be mentioned that the allegations of 
tudent "misconduct" leveled against me by the Depanrnent 

of Music were all dismissed by my college dean before they 
reached the fotmal charges level. In my dean's own words: 
"[sincel they had no merit when considering the preponder-
ance of the evidence." 

The reason I even disclosed the allep-tions to the Guardian 
was because I felt they were pan of the harassment the 
department was subjecting me to. I feel students should be free 
to bring up legitimate academic concerns, file complaints, 
voice their opinions and engage in political activity on campus 
without the fear of being subjected to academic retaliation. 

Bard·Alan Finlan 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARIES _ 

Graduate Students Debate Fee Increase 
• PRO: Increasing the GSA activity fee is an unfortunate but necessary evil 

Nobody wants another fee increase. The last people 
who want to have to raise their fees are those who have 
been fighting for the past two years to keep fee increases 
down. The Graduate Student Association (GSA) doesn't 
want to raise its activity fee, but it must in order to continue 
to effectively function as the representative body for the 
graduate student population. To this end, the GSA has 
mailed ballots to every graduate student asking whether its 
activity fee should be raised from $5 per quarter to $7.50 
per quarter. 

'The GSA Activity Fee has not gone up since its 
inception in 1987. Unfortunately, almo t every cost in its 
budget has. Let's face it: most things in life cost more now 
than they did five years ago. Staff and office expenses have 
gone up with inflation. The cost of lobbying the office of 
the president, the regents. and the tate legi latu re has risen 
at an even faster pace. Travel costs for representatives from 
UCSD to meetings with the officials listed above. as well 
as to the many ystemwide councils and commillees that 
make decisions that impact your educational experience. 
are no exception. A 'yes' vote ensure that the breadth and 
quality of representation will not be shed. 

Demands on the ponion of the budget eannarked for 
rerum to the graduate student community on campus have 
also increased. This has meant that for the pa'it few years. 
the GSA has been forced to underfund a large number of 

interdepartmental symposia, improvements to gmduate 
student lounges, depanmental social events, grJduate or-
ganizations. graduate publications. and events benefiting 
the graduate student population. As the GSA budget now 
stands, fewer and fewer of these costs are being met. Cuts 
to large portions of the GSA budget have already been 
made. Not much more can be cut without seriously affect-
ing the quality of gmduatelife. A 'yes' vote ensures that the 
diversity of programs, events, and organizations supponed 
by the GSA will not be lost. 

Finally, many might argue that raising our own fees 
while tighting regent-imposed fee increases i politically 
ill-advised. or that doing so sends the wrong message -
especially when serious questions still remain regarding 
student control of self-assessed fees. True. a fee increase is 
never desirable. It isn' t desimble now, nor will it be 
desimble at any time in the near future. Not supponing the 
proposed self-assessed fee increase for thi re..1! on. how-
ever. is self-defeating. 

A . no' vote risks eriously compromising the GSA' s 
ability to fi ght against future regental fee increa. es. Fur-
thermore, it ri ks diminishing the GSA 's ability to con-
tinue its fight for increased student control over elf-
asses ed fees and student fee-funded facilities. A 'yes' 
vote on the referendum will ensure that our voices will 
continue to be heard. 

• CON: The fee increase sends out the wrong message at the wrong time 
I. The regents have failed to recognize the right of the 

GSA to spend the fee monies it col/ects as it chooses. GSA 
fee dollars are held in tru t by the regents and the regents 
can - and have - blocked GSA expenditures when they 
have had political disagreements with lhe GSA. For in-
stance. the regents refused to write a check to the co-ops' 
legal defense fund even though the GSA unanimously 
approved an expendirure of $200. Likewise, the regents 
have blocked the expenditures of other UCSD student 
government boards, forcing the UCB to consider hiring a 
lawyer to sue the regents. Voting ' yes' on the GSA fee 
increase sends a message to the administration that gradu-
ate students don' t care that they don ' t control where their 
money is spent. 

2. Raising our own self-assessedfees at a time when 
students are lobbying in Sacramento against regellls-
sponsored fee increases looks illcredibly bad. It may be 
that this year's 24 percent fee increase will go through 
regardless of what we do, but think of next year. I f we pass 
a fee increase now, regardless of how tiny the amount, we 
are undetmining our efforts to stop or slow future 

systemwide registration fee increases. 
3. The GSA call live withowafee illcrease. 1t is true that 

the GSA would have to make budget cut (perhaps on the 
level of $5,000 worth of cuts). However. money could be 
cut from social expenditures or lounge improvements. In 
any case. a $5,000 shonfall does not justify raising an 
additional $20,000 in fees. 

4. Other orgallhatiollS lleed the 1II00U'y more. It could 
be argued that since the regent covered the grad student 
fee increase for RAs and T As last year, we might get this 
increase covered as well, thus geuing a raise in the GSA 
budget on the cheap. However, the I1lOney must come from 
somewhere. 

And even if Ihe regents did find $20,000 under David 
Gardner's mattress. there are beller places to invest it. For 
instance, UCSD is the ollly campus in the UC system that 
does not have a Women'S Center. While $20,000 is not 
sufficient for a Women's Center. if the regents could tind 
$7.50 per undergmduate a'i well (an additional $ 100\000), 
then a Women 's Center on this campus could become a 
reality. Vote ' no' on the fee increase. 

Go On Vacation for $89 YEARS 
AHEAD 

$82 Student Special 
5'x5' for the Summer Plus A Lock 

it's am.lZing how much Sluff ~'OII u n mm into one Public IOrage rent~ space lor the summer it '5 elfn 
mOre unazing how little jOU'U pay. 589 t»Y5 for I 5',5 ' space Ind , lod whkh you '3n krrp. ~. 
"lxn you go on "3,. tion and store your sru lf",lh Publk Slot.ge. JUst shoo yoor SrudcnllD.nd t;1kc 
ad' lJlt;1g< of OUr summer ''aCaDon speci.!. Wri te one check and h"'e, grw ""lIIon. 

• Furniture, spons tquipmrnt 
• Household goods, books 
• Business storage, too 
• Temporary or long term 

---------

WithThisCoupon ---------

I $89 Student Special 51x51 for the Summer Plus A Lock I 
: Just Show Your Student ID : 
I SORRENTO I 
I r.M PUBUC 11303 Somoto Valley Road I 
I > Iii mRIIIE' 2 Blocks DOrth of Union Bank I 
I FENTAL SPIACES Sorrmto Valley Rd." Sorrmro Valley Blvd. I 
I 453·6100 I I ·Wjoa • ........, ......... ...,.UIIit_ ... ,.,_.__ I 
L ...,. Doa .. -."..... ..... or ro... 0If0r ...... 1IIy 11.199l. l!C5D'11 ------------------------~ 

WE CHAu.ENGED KAPlAN 
TO COMPARE THEIR 
RESULTS TO OURS: 

LSAT: 9 points 
GMA T: 90 points 
GRE: 230 points 
.-qc _ improYanall' 

NOT SURPRISINGLY. 
THEY DECUNED. 

For The Best Prep 
Call 695-9952 
The 
Princeton Review W_rc __ _ 

HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut 
or Highlight & Haircut $50 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste, 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PL EASE C ALL 

-TEP 121-
Public Service: 

Practicum in Learning 
This course consists of lecture and field work. The field work will be carried out in 
local elementary schools, where you will serve as a 'Mentor' to an individual 
student. or to a small group of students, each quarter. These children will come from 
a diverse socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds. The academic componenl of 
the course will locus on the relationships between teaching and learning and 
between the schoof and the COrT1lll.lnily, as well as olher issues which relate to the 
academic achievement 01 children. 

All iDter"ted UCBD ItudeDt. are eDcouraced to eDroll. 
TEP 121 i. worth •• 0 uDlu. aDd .ay be .. keD for I tetter crlde, 

CODud the Teaclaer Educltion Procram It 534-1680 for 
departlDeDt approval to eDroit. 

TM eowal\lltillS 1nt ~ _. COOIpoMnI oi lilt _ ThfCI CoIOOt GalIn educatio. Rtquif . ...... 



6 

The "Sun " is always shining at Z 
:! Holiday Ct. Trim & Tan cal I 455.di09'1 
(near UCSO) - .. ., 1 ~ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for..a friend 

"F'rsl "IIN! elienls only ",II" Ihl. coupon . 

30 TAN DAYS $29 ~~~~::,. Call.Ot details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
Lo .. 6" GUlrlfttHCI 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
No! a 1tempOIaty WI'" loll ' RIduce eellLlille and $IIelen matI\I 

ri---------, 
I FREE \l\e I 
I s G '" ACCELERATOR I 
l!f!!!!!!!!~~=~~.L _ ~'~S~~:: ::::':"f>'~ 

l'IJ(~lrl'll1'Z ST~~:GE 
f/) 

c LI.I I 
::::i MOVE IN % Q. ;,. Q. C 

~ SPECIAL! r-f/) ~ CJ ::0 
Z C 
- Free Truck Use (') > ~ 0 with Move In. C/) ~ 

452-1047 
5206 Eastcate Mall (off Miramar Rd,) 

1/2 mile east of Genesee 

The UCSD Guardian 

USIID 
LEYIS 

New, leather 

IllER 
JACms 

from $99 
_¥MAlI"" 
- Retro thru 21 st eenkiry-

Hawaiian • Milito~ 
Flower Power • Cool & 

T·shim 
COSTUIIES 

, , , I' I • , I ' . 
.879 Nnopot ...... _ . 0 .1 222·0220 

I 

Thursday, May 14, 1992 

Teach Mathematics 
in Middle and High Schools 

The T IICheI Education Program .t UCSO olltl1 tilt Cllilomia Single Subject Creden· 
tial in Matt-tics, in addition to Physical and Lilt ScitnCft. and English'ESl. 
Our Seooncllly Math credential program starla with si~ tducalional .oundation 
COUISIS (TEP 1 t7. TEP t26. TEP 196. and TEP 171A·B·C. comprising a Minor in 
Teachtr Education). which include a preprofessional field experience at local 
seconcllly scIIooII. 
Upon completion of your bachelor's degree in Mathematics, eSE. Of OEOS. you 
apPly IOf admission to lhe paid internship component of the program. which 
consists of one year of graduate s~ leading to the California Single Subject . 
Credential. 
T.ReI for TEP 117 and TEP InA for Pall 'II- co.e to 117A MMe, 

.CMlI fro_ 'be Lit BulldJll, for 'epartaell' .pproval to eDrOIL 
For more ,"formation. contact Chris Diani at 534-7217. 

• Pre nancy Termination 
8ene!' Ijlc:x.;al ane'lh 'ia 

• Am rdable l)irlh onLroi 
• onfI enli I (f) Personal 

= 00'6 --= 
(61.9) .5.3.5-'/.31.9 

fliiJ 
~----~~~----------------------------------------------------~ 

SEE THE NEW SATURNS ON CAMPUS 
May 14 9 am to 3 pm Price Center Plaza 
May 15 10 am to 5:30 pm Sun God Lawn 

IN ASSOCIATION WITH THE STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS AND LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES - UC. SAN DIEGO 

Thursday, Maya, 1992 

BOARD 
ContInued from pace 1 
administrative's respon ibility. It 
was not my respon ibility to make 
the submissions." Corral said 

Currently, the five unofficial 
members of the ludicial Board are 
Muir College junior Michelle 
Brager, Third College senior John 
Michael Chamberlain, Warren Col· 
lege junior Tony Hwang, Revelle 
College senior DonildA. Banolotta 
and Fifth College sophomore John 
Page. 

The Judicial Board has already 
made two rulings on cases of al-
leged violations regarding the presi-
dential elections, finding A.S. Elec· 
tions Manager Jennifer Aaim gUilty 
of election mismanagement in both 
Wi/con. Flaim and Durcin II. Flaim. 

Before yesterday's 7 a.m. hear-
ing on Duran II. Holmes, Siwabessy 
urged Corral and the rest of the 
Judicial Board to postpone the hear· 

ELECTIONS 
ContInued'from .,... 3 
later returned to Kinko's to look 
into the number of Holmes' flyers. 

He testified that he told the em-
ployee at the counter. ;'1 think this 
guy's cheating. " Duran said that the 
employee told him that Holmes 
made I ,em flyers thatday, and I ,em 
the day before. Then she showed 
Holmes' work orders to Duran: one, 
dated April 8, for 1.000 copies, and 
one, not dated, was for 800 copies. 

"She couldn't find the one from 
lhe day before for 1,000. It is their 
practice to throw the work orders 
out every day or so," Duran said. 

He noted that Holmes claimed 
450 flyers on April 8 and 800 flyers 
onApril9,andsaid that Holmes had 
hurriedly declared flyers on the 9th 

ing until 1111 members are official. 
;'At this moment in time there is 

no Judicial Board .... To go on with 
this. you would be going against the 
con titution that you are upposed 
to uphold. and it would be a mis· 
take," Siwabessy said. 

Siwabessy argued that. hould 
the membershipofthe board change 
at all. the case would have to be 
heard again. A change in the mem-
bership of the board is possible. 
especially since the challer peci-
fies thal, in addition to college rep-
resentatives. there should be one 
member-at-Iarge - a position that 
is currently Wlfilled. 

However, Cortaldecided to con-
tinue with the hearing of Duran II. 
Holmes. saying that it would be 
consistent with the previous actions 
of the board lhis year. "We heard the 
last cases under the same circum-
stances. All cases need to be treated 
equally," she said. 

A.S. Commissioner of Opera-

because he had heard that Duran 
was looking into the matter. Duran 
also contended that Holmesstill had 
not claimed all of the flyers that the 
Kinko 's employee said he ordered 

One of Duran 's collaborating 
witnesses. Warren College junior 
Michael Garcia, testified that he and 
other members saw Holmes pass· 
ing out flyers on campus at a rate 
which would have exceeded the 
number of flyers Holmes reported. 

After Duran's testimony, Holmes 
told the board, "[Duran] seemed to 
fnilto notice ... what expenses I had 
left. The charges as 1 see them are 
;Mr. Holmes did not declare all of 
his flyers ... and thus did not declare 
the money pent.' 

"1llere is no reason for me to do 
this. Why would I do something 
illegal when I had money ] could 

CompIled by David Snow, StMr Writer 
Wednesday, May 6: 
5:01 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '87 VW 
Jetta from Lot 207. Loss: $8,000. 
Thursday, May 7: 
7:45 8.m.: A staff member reported the theft of radio 
equipment from Muir Biology room B160. Loss: 
$10,600, 
6:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '82 
Toyota from Lot 102. loss $2,500. 
Friday, May 8: 
4:20 p.m.: A 16-year-old male nOJ'}-affi I iate juvenile was 
arrested for prowling at the UCSD Skateboard Ramp. 
He was released to his father at the campus police 
station. 
Sunday, May 10: 
1:38 p.m.: A 41-year-old male non-affiliate was arrested 
on Villa La Jolla Drive for driving under the influence, 
giving false information, driving without a license and 
running a red light. 
12:20 p.m.: San Diego Police Department recovered 
the stolen '87 WI Jetta. 
Monday, May U: 
6 p.m.: A student reported the arson of a trash can on 
the lawn near Portola Hall. loss: $70. 
6:02 p.m.: A citizen's arrest was made of an 18-year-
old male non-affiliate at Central Ubrary for petty theft. 
He was cited and released at the police station. 
8:15 p.m.: A staff member reported the removal of a 
yellow UC electric cart from Mayer Hall. The cart was 
later recovered and appeared to have been used for a 
joy ride. The cart was determined to have been involved 
in two hit·and-run accidents involving a parked car ancl a 
tree, 

The UCSD Guardian 

tions. Services and Enterprises Paul 
Wilcox, who is also chuirofthe A.S. 
Personnel Comminee. said yester· 
day that he had requested official 
appointments of the board members 
from each college. 

Until the A.S. receives notice 
from the colleges. Wilcox said. the 
council cannot confinn the appoint· 
ment . 

By yesterday evening. Wilcox 
had already received Bartolona's 
appointment from Revelle College. 

As approved at last night 's A.S. 
meeting, the Judicial Board memo 
bers will go before the personnel 
committee Tuesday. 

1l1ey will then seek confinna· 
tion from the council next Wednes· 
day. pending official appointment 
from the colleges. 

Once the board gains official ap· 
proval of its members. Siwabessy 
said he would accept re·submission 
of the cases on which the board has 
already ruled. 

use?" Holmes asked. He had $163 
in unused expenses left, according 
to the A.S. record. 

Holmes said his campaign sim· 
ply made flyers that were unused. 

"One lhousand flyers that were 
made up on the 8th of April were not 
used because of their content, be· 
cause of objections that were raised 
to me," Holmes aid. 

Holme aI otestified, along with 
fellow slate member and Vice Presi· 
den' External Colin Wilson, that 
800 flyers which had not yet been 
reportedwereleftatWilon'shouse 
in Cardiff on April 2, when the slate 
members went there to work on 
campaign posters. 

Holmes and Wilson claimed that 
Wilson was to take the flyers to 
campu with him the next day to 
distribute, but forgot. 

Since Wilson does not have a 
car. and noting the distance from 
campus to Cardi ff. Holmes said that 
he decided to print another batch of 
flyers instead of going back to 
Wilson's house to pick up the 800 
already printed, reasoning that those 
flyers could be used in the run-off 
election. 

Holmes submined as evidence a 
Kinlm's box of flyers, including the 
receipt for printing, which he said 
was that which was left in Cardiff. 

In his closing statement, Duran 
admitted that "/t's entirely possible 
that everything referred to today by 
the defendant. .. is true," but then 
suggested that Holmes concocted 
the evidence solely to provide him· 
self a defense. 

"This picture is too convenient 
and fits too well," he said. 'There 
were never [flyers 1 in Cardiff." 

"'t makes perfect sense that he 
lied," Durnn added, suggesting that 
Holmes did not declare flyers used 
so he could save money in his ex-
pense account to put toward a "Iast-
ditch effort" in the campaign. 

"To me it's all just made up and 
it's all despicable," Duran said. 

Holmes stood by his version of 
the campaign in his closing. "[My 
testimony] clearly showed ... a much 
fuUerhUlh,exactlywhathappened.." 

Holmes criticized Duran for reo 
fusing to talk to him about the spe-
cific charges before the hearing, 
somelhing Holmes said would have 
cleared up a misunderstanding and 
saved a lot of time. 

"We believe it was the prejudice 
of Mr. Duran that led him to believe 
these things. He wanted to believe 
these things," Holmes said. 

"I didn't do anylhing wrong. I 
did not distribute any flyers Idid not 
claim." Holmes concluded. 

NEWS 7 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

• Musl presenl coupon ond volid UCSO 10 at lome or " slmole 
Not volK:S With mOiOf engIne or tro~ lepalN 

.iiJiF..
1 I CALL I ASC 

" 450-9494 ..... . 
::.::. '.O'UJIO.'" . ;Z _ .. _ .... "<1 

IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR Au DIS. 
ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T 

DISCOVERED US YET, ASK Us FOR REFERENCES. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

UPS FAX COPIES 

THE LEADER 
OF THE PACK 

Every year, Moil Boxes Etc.® ships 8,000,000 packages. Any size, 
any weighl, anywhere! 

Bring your package fo Mailboxes Etc. From chocolole chip cookies to 
computer parts, we'll pack il perfecrly. And ship it via UPS or your fovorile 
carrier. You can be confident it will arrive on time and in good condilion. 

That's why Moil Boxes Elc. is the leader of the pack. 
uPS AUWQod 

--....... -, ,. Sh~OuIlo' 
'O'IO..mce III. MAILBOXES ETC.. OPIN 6 DAYS 
oft • ....... M·Fri. 8:30-6.00 
__ with this ad .J Sol. 9:JQ.~ :OO 

mo Regents Rood, Suite 113. 453-7332 
Vans Shopping Center on Regents at Arriba 



8 NEWS 

CHILE 
ContInued 110m PICe 1 

He continued, saying that the 
e!ttreme poverty that plagues the 
nations of the region makes fertile 
ground in which militarism and 
populism may nourish. 

In Aylwin's view,militarismand 
populi m are two phenomena which 
"we must resist with equal finn-
ness." 

"Ultimately, they are two sides 
of the same coin, the coin of politi-
cal instability. economic backward-
ness and social frustration," he said 

Aylwinnoted. however, thatnei-
ther populist nor military rule had 
succeeded in achieving the dual 
objectives of economic growth and 

social equity. 
He said that economic growth 

comes at the cost of widespread 
political repression and increasing 
social inequality. Striving for s0-
cial equity. on the other hand, does 
bring about a degree of social jus-
tice, but only by causing economic 
stagnation and decline. Aylwin 
added. 

Though the greatest threat to 
democracy is the poverty and the 
political and social instability it gen-
erates, Latin American democrats 
have learned that the militarist or 
populist "cure ends up being worse 
than the illness." he said. 

Aylwin said he rejects the view 
that democracy is inimical to Latin 
America because of the nature of 

The UCSD Guardian 

the people and society of the region. 
making its pennanent consolidation 
in the region impossible. 

He said that although it might 
seem that recent events in Venezl1-
ela and Peru confmn this view, it 
really only demonstrates that "for 
some, militarism continues to be a 
more appropriate option than demo-
cratic processes. " 

TIle problern,.rests in the deterio-
rating social situation of a large seg-
ment of the population, he argued. 

Aylwin declared that Olile is 
proof that these problems can be 
resolved by relying upon democ-
racy and the rnarltet system, what he 
called .. the most effective approach 
to the problems of economic devel-
opment" 

At the same time, the Olilean 
case also demonstrates that eco-
nomic growth and dependence on 
rnarltet economics does not require 
a neoliberal economic model. 

Aylwin said that the path that 
Olileandothersimilarnationsmust 
take is one "which reconciles the 
search forcontinual and sustainable 
growth with the need for social jus-
tice.:' 

Heaffinned that in political terms 
this means that nations such as Olile 
need "to reinvent a political style 
that provides the basis for dem0-
cratic consensus by way of negotia-
tion and compromise," so that p0-
litical confrontation and the "de-
fense of private ends" result in the 
greater public good. 

Thunday, May 1.,1992 

According to Aylwin, Chile and 
other nations similar to it have 
learned the necessity of building 
broad coalitions that satisfy some of 
the needs and ends of many groups, 
thus bringing the nation together. 

Authoritarian and populist poli-
tics only succeed in dividing na-
tion through minority govern-
ments' attempting to impose their 
political visiononthernajorityorby 
pitting narrow and uncompromis-
ing group interests against each 
other, he added. 

Apan from his recent role in the 
struggle to restore democracy. 
Aylwin was a member of the OUt-
can Senate from the 1950s until 
1973 and was that legislative body's 
president in 1972-73. 

OPEN EDITORIAL POSmONS: 
• Managing Ed~or 
• NewsEd~or 
• Associate News Editor (2) 
• Opinion Editor 
• Associate Opinion Editor 
• Sports Editor 
• Associate Sports Ed~or 
• Features Editor 
• Associate Features Ed~or 
• Arts & Entertainment Ed~or 
• Asscx;. Arts & Entertainment Editor 
• Copy Editor 
• Photo Ed~or 
• Associate Photo Editor 
• Graphics Editor 
• Design Editor 

.. , 

ff-:- <Q> ~ ~ <Q> ~ If:. II fNJ ff-: ~ ~ I)4J h\ n·· II ~ fNJ <G ~ ll:._ It-_ . ~ 3.3 ~ -- '~ &; ~ ~ 

The Comic Gallery 
4424 Bllboa Ave. 94804 Mire MeN II. 67H No. BINdwIJ 
s.. .,.., CA 12117 s.. DIIp, CA 112128 Etc aa dltla, CA 12021 
_01...... bIpII ....... c..t.r ~'. CentIr It 
CIIIr-.t Dr. (619)578-9444 .....,. w .......... 
..... tv LucIIy MIrtIet (619)745-5680 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

~ ow you can keep up your active life-
lyle with lighted 

tennis courts. sand 
volleyball courts 
and fully equipped 
fitness centers, just 
steps from your 
own fronl door. 
• furnished and unfurnished studiO. one and two bedrooms 
• .Locations close to campus 
• Take advantage of Oakwood's r duced deposits with letter 

of nrollment or campus 1.0. 
You'll also enjoy Oakwood's resort. quality 'wlmming pools. 
spas. sauna . party rooms. big screen 1V rooms .;.. .... ,,~ 
and barbecue areas. 

For InronnaUon or reservations on locallOlls In Pac Inc BeaCh. Coronodo. Mission Volley. 
or La Jolin pica · ca ll 619-490-2400. 01' ror Inromloll0n on over 50 locations 
nallC)nwldc pk'asc call 1-800-888-0808. 
MOlIt'IS open dally 9·6. Son-y no pel . 

!bonday, May 14,1992 The UCSD Guardian 9 

"BAD POLITICIANS ARE 
ELECTED BY GOOD PEOPLE 

WHO DON'T VOTE." 
William E. Simon 

Nominations are open for the 
1992·93 GRADUATE STUDENT 

ASSOCIATION OFFICERS. 
Nominations will close on May 19th, 

during the President's Report. 
Offices open for nomination include: 

President 
Vlce-P1'MkIent Int ...... 1 
Vlce-P ..... dent Ext ...... 1 
Vlce-P ..... dent Flnanc. 

University C.nt.r Board R.presentativ. 
Elections will be held during the May 19th meeting in the StOdent 

Leadership Chambers, 3rd floor, Price Center, at 
6 p.m. All candidates will give a three minute speech. 

Job descriptions are available from the GSA Office in the Student 
Center or call 534-6504 for further information. 

AU currently enrolled grad students aTe encouraged to participate. 

LET YOUR VOICE BE HEARD: TELL 
YOUR REPRESENTATIVE TO VOTE! 

TUESDAY • MAY 19 • FREE 
. . 

Two Performances: ----
Noon-l pm • Garren Hall • Basic Science Bldg, 

7-8: 15pm • Price Center Theater 

Presented by Associated Students, Office of Student 
Affairs, University Events, Revelle, Third, Warren & 

Muir Dedn1s Offices . 

§Vl2I~f3 
·WtiIT~· 

()n the 
f3l2~~~ 

MAY 1 6, 11 4 P M 
BEtlIND MMC 412 ON THE "GREEN" 

2 PER~ON TEAM~ 
ON fIR0T-COME-fIR~T 0ERVE 5A010 

EVERYBODY WELCOMEI!I 
Cosponsored by FCC. 5thCSA. MCC, RCC. ICHRA. and ASUCSD! 

KPBS·Radlo & League of Women Voters 
present 

SAN DIEGO CANDIDATES' 
MAYORAL 

FORUM 
on the 

.. 



10 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

o ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 25% OFF! 
o CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 

TIRES Reg. 27.95 NOW $19.95 
o SIDI CYCLING SHOES 

Reg. 69.95·89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 
o ALL JANND NYLON 

BACKPACKS & BAGS 200/0 OFF! 
o GIRO HELMETS 

o ALL AVOCET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

200/0 OFF! 

200/0 OFF! 

The UCSD Guardian 

DO YOU 
HAYE ... 

• Mononucleosis? 

• Measles? 

EARN$$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for re earch and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LAIOUTOIiIS 

« -
CLFARANCE SALE 

ON All. REMAINING 
'91 BIKES 

226·1733 

rJ 
-

All sale ilems limited 10 siock on hand. 

UCSD BIKE SHOP in the Student Center 
Hours: Mon. - Fri. 1 OAM- 5PM 

534-4279 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAT. 
This checklist will help you 
answer aI/ of them. 

-

~ Kaplan makes test prep convenient. 
~ With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 
~ Kaplan helps you manage your time. 
~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 

on, before they hurt your performance. 
~ Kaplan offers the best value. 

~ Our courses are competi tively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped 
more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
~ Kaplan is the industry leader_ 
~ 53 years of experience and 2 mi ll ion gradua tes prove we've got the I' pertise and resources 

it takes to help students succeed . 

CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

e 1992 SI. nlcy H. Kaplan Ed ucaliona l Cenl., Ltd . 

THIS YEAR A LOT OF COLLEGE 
SENIORS WILL BE GRADUATING 

INTO DEBt 
Under the Anny's 

Loan Repayment 
program, you could get 
out from under with a 
three-year enJisbnent. 

Each year you serve 
on active duty reduces 
your indebtedness by one-
third or $1,500, which-
ever amount is greater. 

The offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans, 
and certain other federally insured loans, which are not 
in default. 

And debt relief is just one of the many benefits 
you'll earn from the Anny. Ask your Anny Recruiter. 

KEARNY MESA RECRUITING STATION 
569·7878 

ARMY. BE ALL YOU CAN BL 

Thursday, May 14, 1992 

~ 
'. ~ o,rv 

~~~ 

1/~0~ "J:/~ ~~O !/@ 
I"" ~ Consider a SmaU 
V Company Environment ~ With Tremendous Growth O~ Potential, and Opportunities to Work on Slllie-of-lhe-Art 

SateUile Communications Systems. 

o Communications Systems Engineers 
o Software & Firmware Engineers 
o Digital Hardware Designers 
o ASIC Design Engineers 

Send Your Resume 10: 
CommQuest Technologies, Inc. 
1991 Village Park Way, Suite 201 
Encinitas, CA 92024·1967 

M'1 Favorite 1rave\ ~nC'} 
ALL OUR TRAVEL CONSULTANTS 

ARE MATURE, RELIABLE 
AND EXPERIENCED 

• Fast, Attentive Service 
• Competitive Fares on Non..Qfficial Travel 
• Free TIcket Delivery 

LOCATED JUST OFF CAMPUS 
BEHIND EL TORITO AND ELEPHANT BAR 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, #1212 
La Jolla, CA 92037·1705 

Call (619)558·0184 

Live and Study in Spain 
Madrid/ Salamanca 

New York University in Spain offers an ideal way to master the 
Spanish language and experience Hispanic culture in Madrid or 
Salamanca Courses conducted in Spanish. 
Undelgnduate Division: Open 10 Spanish majors and qualified 
siudents in all fields. Courses in language. literature, civilization. 
Spanish politics, cultural anthropology, sociology, fine arts, 
music, and cinema. Full academic accreditation. 
Graduate Division: 1Wo programs- M.A. in literature and 
M.A. in Hispanic civilization, plus courses applicable toward the 
Ph. D. degree. 

A limited version of the above 
programs is offered during the 
summer session in Salamanca. 
For more information, call 
(212) 998-8760 or maillhe 
attached coupon. 

--------------------New~Vnl_*y 
I. s,.in 
Fkulty 01 A .... 1IId ~ 
19 Univenity Place 
Room 409 
New York . N.Y. t0003 

Please send ~ more inrormalion aboul New 
York University in Maurid or Salamanca 
o Undergraduate 0 Madrid or 0 Salamanca 
o M.A. 0 Madrid or 0 Salaman ~ 
o Ph.D. 

Na~ __________ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I Alln.: Professor Salvador 

Man fneL Addrc" __________ I 
",W Yorl lJn,'rr IIY'~ an City/Slale/Zip Cod~ I I athrmal". acllonJ<qual I 

....:pportunlly, n<l,IOIlOn Soc. Sec . No. _ 

--------------------~~ 

Thursday. May 14,1992 

BUDGET 
ContInued from pace 1 
Wilson's cuts but doe n't touch 
lower-education budgets, the bud-
ge: cut would be 26.4 percent. If 
legislators choose to neither down-
size lower-cducation funding nor 
adopt Wilson's reductions, the 
across-the-board cuts willtota130. 7 
percent 

Outgoing UCSA Vice President 
John Edson laid the blame for the 
sudden change in badger possibili-
ties on Wilson. According to Edson. 
the governor's office intentionally 
underestimated the state budget 
shortfall in an attempt to hurt the 
image of leading state Democrats. 
When Democrats made changes in 
thegovemor's proposed budger and 
then the shortfall hit, Edson said. 
Wilson would have blamed them 
for the budget trouble. 

"Willie Brown outfoxed the gov-
emor," Edson said, explaining that 
the state's house speaker and his 
colleagues instead passed the 
governor's proposals, putting the 
budgetary blame back in Wilson 's 
court. 

According to both Edson and 

KEN NORDINE 

KEN NORDINE 
DEVOUT CATALYST 

r" \ 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
THE FABULOUS • 

FLESH WEAPON 
THE "AIIlA.OUS 

FLESH WEAPONS 

~ SPITITOUT 
11.99 CD 

THE POOH STICKS 

THE POOH STICKS fE 
THE GREAT WHITE WONDER 

InclU'ts YOUNG PfO'U " .nd 
THE fl HTlMM OP't.OV[ 

Butterfield. the governor's an-
nouncement has caught universiry 
officials, the Board of Regents and 
UC students off-guard. 

The regents originally intended 
to announce at theirmeeling toOlOr-
row in San Francisco that due to 
other cost<uning measures taken 
by the university, the 1992-93 fee 
increase for UC students would be 
rolled back from 24 percent to 16 
percent. 

"This [state announcement J will 
eliminate any possibility of a fee 
rollback," Edson said, indicating 
that the regents are now likely to 
bodl keep the 24 percent fee in-
crease and institute the cost<uning 
measures once planned to roll back 
fee increases. 

Among those cosl<uning mea-
sures is a proposal thai would raise 
residency requirements for out-of-
state students. 

The proposal , which will also be 
presented to the regents tomorrow, 
would generate $6 million in 1993 
and more than $20 million per year 
by 1996 by requiring most out-of-
state students to pay non-resident 
tuition forthree years beforeanain-
ing residency. 

1tlWU\ RECURtlS \ 'J\uEtl 

• (E) 
• 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

CHRIS MARS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

THIS PICTURE 

THIS PICTURE 
l Violtnl lmprt"io. 

features : • 

OHplyNow 

The UCSD Guardian 

Curremly, out-of-state students 
only need to live in Califomia for 
one year to qualify for residency. 

"Inessence. (this J will mean that 

" [The regents] may go 
for enrollment cuts, 

and try to preserve the 
university's 

infrastructure. They 
won't touch faculty 
merit pay increases, 
and [students] have 

created [the 
perception] that fees 
can't go any higher. 

" JOHN EDSON 
Out.going UCSA Vice President 

mostout-<lf-state undergraduate stu-
dents will be paying tuition for at 
least three years," said UC Assis-
tant Vice President for Academic 

LIVE 

LiVE 
MENTAL JEWELRY 
1f'Cluc;too ~ P ""ll\l LIES ON THE RIVfR SIO£ 

OPtR.All <;PIF!,T 
rT HE. ttR~~INVOf lRAOITIOU 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

BUFFALO TOM 

let Me Come Over 
~~ 1"Mf"" ~ Vf:~It:;!~ 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

, JAJOUKA 

7.99 CD 4.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
~..,:; OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! SALE EHDS5131i92 

lnWiR RitDRtlS \ "'Din 
EL CA~ON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
ELCAJON 
796 Flotchtr Pa tl<w.,. loP£N ' .... ,0 , .... ) 
---,.,-,-(6 18) 5J9.a70' 

SPORTS ARENA 
3101 SjIof1. Alena BMJ. 
_ •........•.•......... (619) 224·3333 
_ .. 3393KemI* 5I (6 ' W) 222·7775 

COLLEGE AREA --a 
60005 E' ('..;on _ 
...,"'''''8I._atw. 
_ ............. (611) 2117·'420 1t_ ................... ("al2117. 'gJ4 

NEWS 11 

Affairs Dennis Galligani. Instead, Edson theorized that the 
Edson said one subject the re- university will look to mictly limit 

gents will not decide at tomorrow 's oreliminate new student enrollment 
meeting is how to deal with the state during the leanest times of the bud-
budget shortfall. He explained that get crisi . 
the regents will need several months Butterfield, however, suggested 
to plan a UC budget based on the that more fee increases could be on 
funding eventually allocated to the the horizon. 
university by the stale. "The regents could always in-

"[The regents I may go for en- crease fees a lot," he said. "A mid-
rollment cuts, and try to preserve the year fee increase isn ' t unlikely .. . 
university's infTastructure."he said. they 've done it before." 
''111ey won' t touch faculty merit In addition, Butterfield said that 
pay increases. and [students] have the university might consid r mak-
created Ithe perception) that fees ing "dramatic cuts" to staff salaries 
can't go any higher." and placing "fairly draconian re-

If larger fee increases and cut- strict ions" on graduation require-
ting faculty merit pay aren't op- ments, perhaps even charging stu-
tions, Edson speculated that the UC dents non-resident tuition if they 
may have to cut enrollment in order pass a certain maximum unit limita-
to make ends meet. tion. 

"The university's biggest ex- Butterfield also suggested that 
pense is still educating students." he UC students will likely see larger 
said. "1lJey can save a lot of money classes and fewer course offerings 
by CUlling enrollment." in the future. 

But Edson discounted the rumor "My sense is that the WOrsl things 
that the UC would be forced to we can do will have to be done, and 
mothball a campus like UC Santa then we'll have to do even nore," 
Cruz as a cost-cutting measure, Butterfield said. 
mostly because shutting down a "We thought last year wa~ us bad 
campus would be extremely expen- as it could get, but this is wor~e:' he 
sive in the shon-tenn. added. 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily son Lenses EXlended Sofl Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

L.....oI::::I>;;Zo;;.........J!L. _ ___ Daily b~S penn . hard Brown eyes ' , )Iue 
·Includes: CL exam. care ki t. myopic lenses. 30 

Brands include B&L. Cooper. WJ, 
Paraperm. Boston. 

,01f~r (..rp;r~s f)1 15f92 J 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clai rcmolll Mesa Bl vd. 

• Proie •• io Service 
• Qu.llty Eyec.re 
• Re •• on.bl. Price. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 



," 

12 CLASSmEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Went to bea o..-dIan Editor? AppIcaIlons. 
consisting 01 resume. clips and CO'l8t' letter. 
ate due by 5 p.m. TOOAYI Don·t miss tills 
chance to join one 01 tile flnest college 
newSl)all8fS in tile nalion. (5114) 
Mexico. 5 days hotel. roundtripairlate. Puerto 
Vallarta or MazatJan $299. New Wave Travel. 
576·1141. (5114·5118) 
DI ... rtatlon Worttallop •• Complete your 
dlssertalion . For written Inlormalion or 
scheduling. call 692·0966. Postgraduate 
group. (3130-614) 

FREE YOGURTt I Can't BeHeye It's Yogurt 
00 Torrey Pines Rd. in La Jolla has a great 2 
fo, t deal for all T,ilons through June 301 (51 
11 ·5121) 
CULTS & CHURCHES THAT ABUSE · will 
be tile subjeclofa studentforum. Wednesday. 
May 20. 4 p.m.. Price Center Gallery A. 
Chllstian Sociologist. Ronald Enroth. Ph.D. 
wiH present · sponsored by United Campus 
MinIstry. (5111 ·5118) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
reee sion-busting, UCSD 

xc1u ive bargains. 
Than for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jl,lrry 's ................ 587·3680 
BJ's Pizza ................... .455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456· 1579 
Domin'is ...................... 452-UCSD 
He,d,'s .......................... 450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai Cuis ine ....... 456·2063 
Stratford CoHee House 481 -8590 

UCSD AUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ........................... 450·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457 ·3384 
Years Ahead ................ 546· 7666 
We Caro Hair ............... 587·CUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................... 455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Royalty Nails ................ 483-6188 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 277-8255 
Belllg Fit ....................... 483-9294 
ClaSSical Eye ............... 452·7374 
UC Cyclery ................... 452·8842 
Dr. McDonald. Opl. ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. RIChard Barsan. DDS . 459· 5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Stor ..... 453·0511 
Miramar at Cabot ......... 549-0500 

UCSD ETC. 
Audlofile ....................... 459-FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Stanley Kaplan ..... ....... 277-6744 
Music Trader ................ 693· 1469 
MD Labs ........... .. .......... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Rankin Educational ...... 587·8600 
Video Gallery ............... 452-1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578-5745 
51. Germain'S ............. .. 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS · 
Classified ad ertising is sold in 15-word illcrements. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
sllJdellfs (for persona/lise only). $3 forfaculty alld staff. and $4 for others. Payment 
ill advance is required; therefore, ads mllst be mai/edwitlr a check (made payable 
10 The UCSD Guardian) or presellted in person. Deadlilles are 3 p .m . Thursday for 
Monday's issue, alld 3 p .m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse allY ad"ertising including butllot limited to companiollship ads. For 
more informatioll call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilmall 
Drive , 0316, La lolla, CA 92093-0316 . Actual address: Student Center A , topj1oor. 

Hawaii. 8dayshotel. roundtnp airlare. Waikikl 
$444. lAaul $494. New Wave Travel. 576· 
1141. (5114.5It8) 
APPAREl lONE Desig1er1abels b' 50-90%0111 
8250 CMwlo SMIa Fe. 451).3323. (409-6'4) 

JET TO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SUMMER, 
jusI $269 willi AlRHITCH(r) (no asIIIri!;ks and no 
rastr'dions - em be on&-Way a ead1 wayn as 
desoiled In Corosln8 Repoots & Harv.wd"Lfll's 

GoE~' gUde. For pmtadprognwndascr1lCior1 
& reg, Iorms. cal 800-397·1098. (4'23-&4) 

Vegas. 3 days hotel. alrtare. meals. shows, 
Cat.$79Jperson.NewWaveTraIlel576-1141 . 
(5114-5118) 
U9 PARTY DOWN FOR UNDER A BUCKII 
Round Table introduces "THE LONG HOT 
OEAL'tousher In 'THE LONG HOTSUMMER.· 
T ennessee W~liams may ha .... btoIqIt you 
"THE LONG HOT SUMMER' but Round Table 
brings you "THE LONG HOT DEALtr $.t9 
BEER. $.t9 PIZZA (slice). $.t9 SOOA (32 Oz.). 
Celebrate tile IJ!lPIOiICh at summer with this 
special Round Table oller OON through the end 
of finals. (5114·5It 8) 

.TII M IlAT1IIrI L_ 
• cauSE IIIMImI 

SlUIIDT 1UMImI ....... 
0 .... "". sal •• _IMIM ..... I Me4e4 
I_ .lItel ... .." ....... ,.aI1tM. A ...... " ..... _ .... _'''.1_ 
_ ..... CI.,.. .... IDI .... . 0.,--., II wart I' " ...... .. 
A.,II •• ""',. beel".' 'If. F .... .. fllnn AlI_t •• co ... &. ....... II 
ca ......... ".u ......... ,.,.1 .... 1 

~.ya.adI_ .. 
• __ PAllaer .... COMIMnc. 

II' ... ,.,.... 
_ .... 1111 '104'1'1 

for man In'onnation, cd 
the Tabling Department todoy ' 

o 
Research Voluntee1'8 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies evaluat· 
ing medications are available to 
people 18 or older sufTeri ilg from 
depreuion. Symptom. i nclude Ad· 
neA, fatigue, 1088 of interest in 
daily activities, changes in ,Ieep 
and weight, hopeleaenee., and 
indecilion. Suitable volunteere 
benefitfrom free medication, lab 
teat •. phy.ical. and psychiatric 
evaluations. Small travel pay-
ment ofTered. Call for a confi· 
dential evaluation. 

CONNECTing with people at UCSD can be 
diflicul\. NOT ANY MOREl lntrodudog Tnton 
T,I. a 'un way to meet people 'rom UCSD. 
people who you would NEVER have met 
otherwise I Yes. there are some (900) numbel 
services thai ate OK I See the 'orm belOW. (51 
1 Hl/4) 

SERVICES 
For scholarship in'ormation wrile 10 Mycroh 
Enterprises. 4616 Bell BIufI A .... San DIego. 
CA 92119. (514·5128) 
PAS"'PORT PICTURESI New at cal Copy. 
Only S5.95. While you walt. Xeroxes and 
more. Neat 51. Germaln·s. 452·9949. (9123· 
&'4) 
WORD PROCESSING AND COMPLETE 
RESUME SERVICE. Free up valuable 
sludyingtimel We'" type your resMrchpaper 
or thesis. We also provide pro'essional 
resume service. Laser quality. Call WORD 
PROZ. 747-4266. (s/11 ·5I14) 
WEDDING 8ELLS??? Need help with 
planning. ceremony . or who will officiate? 
Contact Rev. Bob Wagener . University 
Chaplain IOf over 15 years • oonsultation 
information upon request. call: 534-6951 . (51 
11 ·5128) 
VIOllNNIOLA LESSONS. You or your 
child(ren) can leam from an experienced. 
prolesslonal teacher. Now accepIing students 
- all ages and levels welcome. Call Conrad: 
552-0494. (3/30-614) 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to lSOOhairs 
per hour. 32!!e Hotiday Court. Studenl 
discounts. 558~26·1962 . (313Q.614) 

ATTORNEY. OUI. DMV. Harassment. F..-niIy. 
Housing. Education. Immigration. Consumer 
P,obtems. FREE CONSULTATION. 
STUDENT RATES. 450-6803. (5114·614) 
"WANTED 100 PEOPLE: We will payyou to 
lose 10·29 Ibs in 30 days. All natural. 1·800-
377-8442. (s/I.~I) 

CONNECTing with people at UCSD can be 
dlfllcun . NOT ANY MOAEtlntroOJclngTriton 
Tel. a tun way 10 meet peopte from UCSD. 
people who you would NEVER have mel 
olherwisel Yea. there_some (900) number 
services that are OKt See the 'orm below. (51 

14~4) 

Word processing - term papers. reports. 
resumes. cover letters. copies. lellCIfS. etc. 
Fasl. accurate. SARA 270-7106. (5114) 
VOLLEYBALL LESSONS - Summer Is 
here. time to refine your burT1). set and spikel 
Experienced \/OIIeybaJ1 InslTUClOf will teach 
highly·personaWzed lessons in grass. sand 
or indoor techniques. If you want to learn 
volleyball 'as!. make the call - Greg. 546-
1421 . (5114-&'4) 

FOR SALE 
'89 Pontiac Sunbird SE. 40.000 mi. 5-speed. 
AMlFM cass .. AC. cruise. X-<:ond. $52001 
Best. ~5068. (5111·5114) 
Apply to be a Guardian edilor today I 
Applications. oonsisling at resume. dips and 
cover IeIIer ckle by 5 p.m. this afternoon .. 5114) 
Student desk 525: 3-drawer dresser 525: 
olher household items. Heather 488-0864. 
(5111 ·5118) 

~ __ ~:~n'UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~~~?.~~~~Y* 
e .... YWl2 

NOL valid with 
1Ul.}' other otTer 

• $20 minimum pun:It ... • withla II mile "diu. of campUJ 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open dnily 8 am·S pm 

Can for 
SENSIBLE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 

Most ~ Accepted .lducd, FrimdIy AImospbcTc • Vtdco/Stmo 
Member ADA, CDA, San Diego County Denral Societies 

LA JOLlA VILlAGE 
nOFESSIONAL CENnJ. 
1950 VILlA LA )OUA DL 
Sum 2103 

558·3490 
Ernoill!/l& wIWhY 

A,,.in;"'ts A rRiMju 

T,p Fill" 
JIIsr bthi.1l 

fbr Elt,hl"" 8., 

Thursday, May H, 1992 

1 00 watt bass and keyboard a~ la sale. 
Only 1330. Call Shyam at 272·9957. (4127·51 
14) 
'89 Honda Civic OX. halchback. 5·speed. 
52.000 ml .. X~. AMlFM casso $57001 
best 459-5068. (5111 -5114) 
Rays., CIo.bmas\ers w~h tortoise frarne. 
case included. Excellent condition. $65 abo. 
Lea .. ~. 453·8929. (5111 ·5114) 
IBM Compatible. Leading Edge Model D. 
20MB haId drive. monochrome saeen 1300 
abo. 558-8408. (5111 ·5114) 
1987 Toyota Tercel OX 4-door halchback. 
32K miles. automatlc. casselle. 8/C. psIpb. 
13900. 558·9445. (5111 ·5114) 
TYPEWRITERS · Royal ElectriC/Sell 
Correcting XLNT. Standard size $135. 562· 
4625 Of 425-7076. (5111 -5118) 
WMe Firebird l8Ie 82. V6. 80,000 mi. Excel 
condo $2900. 558-8211 . (514-5118) 
Suriboatds: 79-: The big banana S 150.6'2-: 
tt's a Caster $100. Large welsuil $75. 259-
7602. (517·5114) 
InetcpeMive desk. twin bed and electric guitar. 
AU in great shape. 558-2469. (5114-614) 
Are you a taM guy who needs a big bilee? If so. 
I have a 64 em. 12 speed racing bilee lor sate. 
Excellent condition 1350000. Call558·2175. 
(511.) 
Round trip tix from SO 10 San Fran. Memorial 
Day wknd. (May 23-25). sse. FOf' more in'o 
call Ayallo 558-8530. (5114) 
Surfboard fOf sale. 6'5' thruster. Excellent 
condition. 19'x 23/8'. 457·3308. (5114·5121) 
GREGORY BACKPACK. inlernal 'rarne. 
great condition. Used only twice. S9O. 2559-
8607. Jemy. (5114-5121) 
Word processor (Panasonic). $3OO.lWin bed 
135. desk$15. computerdeskS65. Call 453-
3798. (5114) 
Wmssmall Hot~nefull·suitSI30. men'ssmall 
O'Neill springsuit S40. 6'6' mini-egg surfboard 
S 170. 452-3970. (5114·5121) 
IBM PS/2 FOR SALE. 286. VGAcofor.3OMB 
HD. more. Must sell, $575000. 546·1197. (51 
14·5118) 
SoIaihide-a·bed for sale. Xlnt cond. Asking 
$150. Call 571 -2820. (5114) 
Next NIl 000 witll Nl4000 1 T rnonocIlrome. 
8MB RAM. 256MB optical . 40MB Disk. 
52.200. 455-1891 . (5114·5118) 
FOR SALE: Oatkoakbedroom saL ExceIIenI 
conditlonl Dresser. rrimIr. and nlghtstand 
SI50. Single bed lor $1(10. Call Jwnie 554-
0127. (5114-5118) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Man's walCh on La JoIa Fanns 
Drive. PIe_ call Molly. 587-9166. (5111-51 
18) 

WANTED 
Share driving and gas to Chicago in June. 
Yourcarormine. Heather488-<l864.(5Ill·5I 
18) 
Genetics (Bio 131) tu\Of needed ASAP. Gd. 
pay fleXIble hrs. Call 558·9028 or 558-4749. 
Leave message. (5111·5114) 
TEN PEOPLE with HEADACHES. drugtess 
tIIerapy, proven results. CALL CARMEN 452-
2882. (5111-5118) 
Hyperteamlng Intern. (10112 hrslwll). Very 
capable. dependable businesSleduc. or 
buslneSSl1l18dIcal oriented students to help 
with tong·term projects. Excellent entrep. 
experience. 455-1000. (4130·5114) 
Wanled: Cleancut. intelligenl. healthy types 
for TV commercials. Call (619) 695·1065. (51 
7·5118) 
Please H~I Researc:tl subjects neededl 
Fentale. college age wi single parent. Short 
interview. Desperatel Call Niki 558-8004. (51 
14-5118) 

Special Graduation 
DInners Available 

for $2100 
Your choice of featured 
entrees and a glass of 
house wine. 
For reservations & details 
call 456-6299 

CINDV 
Bl~CI(S 

5721 La .Iolla Blvd., La Jolla 

Thursday, May 14, 1992 

WANTED: Beach cruiser bIke in decent 
condItion. Fat t"as. cushy seat. Scott 454· 
7161. Thanks t (511 4·5118) 

HOUSING 
Summer sl.blet-<lear Easlgata lAail & UCSD. 
3 BDRIA. pool. wid. unfurnished. Available 
mld-June to mid·Sept. $1100Jmo. Call 458· 
9478. (5111-614) 
Roommate wanled l Own room In 2 story · 2 
112 ba townhouse . Includes GREAT 
roommates. wid. pool. Between Von·s · UTC. 
near34A buslIne. 1325+ 1/4 utiities. Available 
July 1. Call Jenniler 457·0131. (514·5114) 
Room fOf summer • June 15 • Sept . Large 
room. Clean. quiet atmosphere. Pool. jacuzzi. 
garage. all the good stuNI Walklbike to 
caf11IUS. Please cal 45 7 -5607. (5327/month) . 
(5111 ·5114) 
Perfect for first summer session. Large 
bedroom. townhouse 5 min. Irom UCSD. 
Avail. 6/14-817. Female preferred to share wi 
21emales. S550 fOf whole session or b.o. Jill 
453·3950. (s/11·5I21) 
WINDANSEA BEACH: S2501monlh. ocean 
view yard. busline. Includes utilities. share 
room. washer. quiet. claan. 458-4075. (s/I' · 
5114) 
Penthouse condo on Regents and Nobel 
needs 1 roommate for summer occupancy. 
Your own 1 bedroomlbatIVgarage space 'or 
only S3901month. Scon: 558.a175. (5111 ·51 
26) 
Master bedroom quiet UTCat8a. NearUCSD 
Fitness Center. Pool. jacuzzi . tennis. 
racquetba.I . volleyball. basketbalt. clubhouse. 
garage. balcony. canyonview. Male graduate 
pref8C'Ted. $416.50. 6192 to 6/93. Wilkie 558· 
6474. Royee 457·2742. (5111·5118) 
ROOt.4t.AATE WANTED - own room and 
bath in Clairemonlapartment. Pool. laundry. 
$295. 569-7394. (5111 -5114) 
SUMMER SUBLET. Spacious. clean 3BDR 
condo. Near UTC. UCSD. etc. Call us at457· 
48451 (5111 -5118) 
Large 1 bedroom. 1 bath. Sleps to UCSD. 
pool, jacuzzi. gym. aerobics. parking. $447 + 
112 utiti1les · available 6192. 558-6889. (5111 -
5121) 
La Jolla. westo' f·5 neat UCSD. Un'urnished! 
furnished sunny 1 bedroom and studiOs from 
S59O. Free cable TV. 24 hr. security. patios! 
balconies. BBO. By Trader Joe·s. bus stop. 
shopping. CalI452.as50 forCllOVlHn specials. 
(5111·5118) 
3/2condo. 2 garages. pool . jacuui, fireplace. 
security. Wid . new cond .. avail 6/1. $I 1501 
month. 274-3232. (5111-5121) 
3 bedroom condo off Easlgate Malt. available 
911. CIoN to campus. $11401month. Also 3 
bedroom townhouse near La Jolla Vitlage 
Square. Available ill. S 13501month. Nina 
792-&453. (5111-5121) 
LARGE FURNISHED Renaissance 
townhome to share with female . ALL 
amenities. pool, garage. more. 5785. 587-
2883. (514·5114) 
Walle to UCSO. Uterate and upbeat. Into 
science. tech. biz. hea'th. and humanity. 
sn_ nice 2 blinn apr. (wllols o'books and 
a pool tablel) in RalPh's Center. $380/mo. 
John 452-6269. (4127-5128) 
Want to make money while you at9 out of 
town this summer? Rent your house. 
apartment Of' part thereof to responSIble law 
students who will be cterking at Seltz.r 
Caplan WHklnl & McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call 685·3164 lor lurther information. 
(4113-614) 
NEED 2 PEOPLE - Shate room in fumlshed 
Del Mar house 'or next year. 5310. 792-2392 
Denise. (5I7·5It8) 
CHEAP condo near campus! 3 BM.5 BA. 
pool. tannis. jacuui . Avaitable mid·June 
$12OO1mo. Calt453·7098. (517·5121) 
ROOMMATE(S) WANTED: PacifIC Beach. 2 
BR. 2 SA Apt. 1 block from beach. One 
person: own bed & baIh for S400 + uti!. Of' two 
persons: Share for 5235. Avaitabfe: 615. Phil. 
272-3195. (5114·5It8) 
ROOMMATE II I Only $225 per mo. LA JOLLA 
DEL SOl ... Has everything. Andy 587-2184. 
(s/14) 
Female preferred to share large room in 
spacious 4 bedroom. 3 bath house. Own 
closet S225 + 115 utifi1ies. AVlliable July 1. 
549-9104. (5114-5118) 
Room lor rent in UTClUCSO area. $300 + 1/4 
UIiIiIie&, A\IIIIIIIIlIe 711192. Bin 452·5764. (5114) 
Fumilhed room In 3-bedroom townhouse. 
Del Mar. near beach . pool. Available 6/5-6/ 
30. S265. 259~7 Jenny. (5114·5121) 

3 rooms available 6116-911 in fumislled 5 
bectoom University City house. Master S360. 
single $315. $270 (115 uditiea). Waiter/dryer. 
plenty 01 pIWIdng. SIOrlIg8 apace. II amenrtJes. 
FemaJesonly. 453-3986. (5114-614) 
FOR RENT: Pacific Beach north. S7501mo. 2 
BA. 1 SA duplex. 933 Tourmaline. One bIod<. 
toUCSObus SlOP. Wented: Twoquie~ serious 
slUdentI. Of' parents. No par1leS. Large unit 
with lots at aif & light Big windows. Clean. 
488-0103. (5It4) 

LuXUry La Jolla 1 bedroom condomin,um 
security gate. pool. spa. sauna. rec room. 
racquetball . 2-car garage. Upgrades 
throughout. Near UTC and UCSD $675 
References required. Call Nancy 265-7108 
or Nasarn 576·7425. (5114·5118) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Great summer jobs. Triple "A' Student 
PaJnters. HWIflg palntClfS 'or work in EnCinItas. 
Call 1-800-394-6000 Homan Asiri. (5111 ·51 
18) 
Babysitter needed Thurs. afternoons and 
someweek-ertds for 10 month old. Call 450-
1453. (5111 ·5114) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 
$2 .000+/month + world travel (HawaII . 
Mexlco. theCarribean. etc.). Holiday, summer 
and car •• r employmenl available . No 
experience necessary. For emptoyment 
program cal 1·206·545-4155 ext. 0450. (31 
30-614) 
END THE SEMESTER WITH A BANGI 
Student groups: Eatn hundreds of dollars 
each day offering Discover Card applications 
on campus. Last chancel 1-800-932-0528. 
ext. 99. (4123·5114) 
NEED MONEY? Work evenings at 
Cambridge Cleaners. Campus close on 
Regents (by Zebra Copy). $5 per hour · no 
experience necessary. Hurry! Call Javier at 
558·0709. (5111 -5121) 
Outside computer sales . $1500 base + 
commission. Go getter graduate. Fax resume 

toCAL·ABCOIN~er. Fax. (619) 450·9186. 
(5114·5121) 

PERSONALS 
To Ihe girt in the 'rontrow ·MATH 183. You 
cefUllnly get MY best dressed vote. ItIIlnk 
we're a tot alilt.e. Hope to meet you soon. (51 
11 -5114) 

The UCSD Guardi;m 

SIAOKELESS BAR & GRILL Volleybar. on 
the oorner 01 Grand and Cass In P .B .. Is a 
greal spot for the UCSD athletic crowd. Great 
muSIC. sports on the tube. darts and awesome 
lood. the ·V·Bar·ls lor you

' 
(514-614) 

T echnotogy princess. Our true colors are 
recorded: white-grey·brown·green·red-blue· 
yellow. Listen. (4/13-614) 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We wrli pay you to 
lose 10029lbs. in 30 days. 1-800·377-8442. 
(4127·5114) 
The Malh Doctor's backl Professional math 
tutoring 'or only $I01hr. Call Tony Craddock: 
453-7725. (5111 ·614) 
CARRIE 'rom CARIAICHAEL Irom THtRD 
Irom R·BUILDING. I think you're too sexy 'or 
me ... to sexy fOf mel Send a messagel(s/14) 
Heather: t watned youl Happy 123 tomorrow : 
here'sto many more birthdayslogetllerl From 
a Honda Civic to a hOUse in Hillcrest. and the 
future is open. Love. Laura. (5114) 
ZBT - Gracias por el buen liempo en T J. -
Sigma Kappa. (5114) 
Sigma Kappa wishes everyone good luck In 
tile Greek Week Talent ShOwl (5114) 
Cherul Redhead. You're the bestesl ever. 
Thanks 'Of' loaning me $1 . I love you. CHP. 
(5114) 
CON£CTngwith~alUCSDcanbedffioJl 
NOT AN'( IIOREltntrociJcing Triton Tel. a fun 
waylOmeet~from UCSO. ~whoyou 
would NEVER havemelOlhecwiseI Yes. them .. 
some (900) rurberseMces that amOKI See the 
'orm below. (&14-614) • 
VOLLEYBALL LESSONS - Summer is 
here. time to refine you r bump. set and spike I 
Experienced volleyball instructor will teach 
highly· personalized lessons in grass. sand 
or indoor techniques. " you want to learn 
volleyball 'ast. make the call - Greg. 546· 
1421. (5114·&'4) 

TTodayT 
is the last day to apply for an editor's position. 

Applications are due by 5 p.m. in the Guardian offices. 
FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 534 6580 

YAIUMONO 

SUSHI AND DAILY SPECIALS 
"Best Teriyoki in Town" 

• ;;~ ';;:'.J T U C 5 D 5 PEe I A L ~. 
: TERIYAKI $399 • 
• CHICKEN DINNER : 
• Includa ric., salad and ""'P. Noc ...tid with ony o4her oller hp. 5/28/92 • 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
La Jolla Colony Plaza 
7728 Reg~nts Rd. #501 (Vons Shopping Center) 452-4255 
Toke ovt CMIllob1e. We 01", oller coloring seMce5. 
HOURS: 11 :30 om-9 pm (Mon .·Thur$.), 11 :30 om· l0 pm IFr. & So!.), 5·9 pm Sundoys 

I , 
, 

~ , 

, 
~ , 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

7044 Flanders Drive 

~SPECIALS! 
WIth 1.0. 

THIRD MONTH 

FREE 
Call about 

FREE TRUCK 

./ AU GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
t/ NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 
t/ NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
t/ HILTON QUAUTY AT MOTEL 6 PRICES ' 
t/ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

r---------------------------------------------, Now th~n ever, whatever the season, to call... .' . " '.; I 

! TritonTel i 
I Y .. , rov can mot.lhot penonaI COI.tdon all Y'ICIf' 'round. To recotd ~r VoIc:.Moil meuoge, UN )'OUt'T ouch Tone phone 10 diGl I·~,," I 050 ... I 
I follow the PfOIIIPIIIo "" )'OUt' own mailbox & CClftftdenlfo/ pou code. I 
: Order your free ad nowl Select one 0# thete coIIgOriet ro,)'OUt' acI: I 
I 1. UM 'PI from MItt 3. AII.rnotIw ufutyles 5. R.nlola/RoommaIII/Rideshar~ 7. TicIt." Boughi/Soid & Fonlosy Trips I 
I 2. MneogN no.. WOff'Mt 4. Study Partners 6. General Shored In .. ,.. : 
I Complete this ad form I 
: Wtf .. your ad, OM word PI" box, and fIIOll " 10: I 

CAMPUS CONNECTION I 
: 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, C I 
I Y- od wi. appear In the nut pea .. '- cblng _ regular I 
I qde. - you prefer, we can aulgn you a IIIOIIaox nu_ and I POll cc*. IAIlnIorfllCllian It confidential. yONl ........ wi I 
I PI.o.e do not "" yrNf lent noIM, addreat, phone number ell' I I lang.,... No ada -rng anyone under II wi. be CICCIIpIIId I 
I CATEGK)RY: I 
I Nome: ------------Add!..: I 

I~ ~ I 
I Phone Numbets:1 I I I L bii)1iiIi ---------------------------------------------~ 



. 
, 

14 SPORTS 

Achieve New Heights 
withIGT 

The UCSD Gtw'dian 

ATTENTION GRADUATE STUDENTS 

Graduate 
. 

Student 

Thursday, May 14,1992 

CARD 
ContInued from pap 16 
ture? 

Rumor has it that the Tommy 
LasordaNutriSystemStomachCam 
isn't too far away. Fans will love 
watching that pesky, pasta-pound-
ing skipper up close and personal a.~ 
he bumps guts with the league's 
besl umpire . II could give a whole 
new perspective to America' fa-
vorile paslime. 
~joy \be scenic wooden and immense beauty of the majestic 
SlCrra NevAIW and. high.quality lifestyle while working for 
• company known for lIS employees. Discover what it is like 
for our many OIher employees - affordable housing in safe. 
friendly neighborhoods. an overwhelming abundance of 
rccn:atlonal activities (skiing. Ii$hing. hunt inc. hikinC. etc.) 
and NO STAT[ INCOME TAX. 
IGT. bIc tile world leader ill eJedronic caming lcchnolo&Y. invi~ 
you to join our WorId-CIass DrlanilaIion. We currenUy or:ek: 

Association 

ON MONDAY, MAY 4, 
1992, the Graduate 
Sludent Association 
mailed a referendum to 
your department mailbox 
to raise Ihe GSA Activity 
Fee from S5.00/quarter to 
S7.50/quaner. The 
increase will be used to 
supplement the GSA' s 
budget, particularly those 
funds allocated for 
lobbying octivities 

The Kevin Milchell Bar Cam 
won 'I be too long in coming either. 
See what it's like to be the bat of a 
big league slugger. The league de- ' 
cided Mitchell would probably be 
the best choice for the Bar Cam 
since there's no worry lhat he might 
aclually damage the Cam by hitting , 
the ball. 

SOFIW ARFlFlRMW ARE 
ENGINEERS 

En,inc:c:n with. Bachelors or Ma lers Degree: in Electri · 
cal or CompUler Encineering and one to three yean 
~"perience with microcontroller software devciopment 
In assembly lancuage and usinC emulators in stable 
hardware syslems. Video graphics. real · time control. 
communications and VAXlVMS experience desired. 
Background investigation will be conducted. 

SOFfW ARE ENGINEERS 
These positions require knowledce of 4GL and C. and 
experience in structure. definition and m.inltnana: of 
relational databases. Prefer knowledge of dalabase 
administrat ion. Progre Database and VMS operaclnc 
syslem. V AX. compulc:rsy !em and VMS operat;ng sysl<:m 
knowled,e mandatory. Bachelors or MaSlen Degree in 
Computer SciencciEngincering required. Background 
investigation will be conducted. 

In retu,m for. your~ent •. ,,:"e offer a uperiorbenefit$ package. 
Ie beglRs With major medical and dencal progroms. physical 
fi ln<: .. cenler. I'IICquelbaJl coun.tuition reimbursement. child· 
care facility. cash sharing. profit sharing. employee stock 
purchase plan and much. much. more. 
But chc greatest benefit comes from WOl king in an environment 
that P!'Ovides you with every opponunity to realize your 
~tcntlal . 1f you wouid like to make a posilive change in your 
life. look to IGT, For confidential considerolion. pleasc send 
yourrc:sumc. to: Manal!'tr,Human R<soun:I!S,ln~mational 
Gamr TKhn<)Iogy,520 South Rock Boulf"llrd Reno V 
89502. ' , 

z 
TONIGHT. 

CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 
Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

. , 

· KNOWS 
· LIlli 

Hours: 
11 am-I am 
Sun.-Thurs. 

MAIL BALLOT 
undertaken by the GSA 

on your behalf. The GSA also funds reque ts including the establishment 
of graduate tudent organiutions as well as lheir activilies and programs. 
the e tabli hmenl and improvement of department graduate lounges, and 
per capita funding. 

THE QUESTION ON THE BALLOT IS: "SHOULD THE GSA 
Activity Fee be incre3.sed from SS.OO/qu3rter to 57.S0/quarter?" A toral of 
one-Ihird of enrolled graduate students and medical students muSi respond 
to this question in the manner described in the accompanying voting 
materials for the result to be binding, Of this number, a majority is 
required for passage. Supporting the increase support the programs and 
projects of graduate siudents. This fee comes back to you in a diverse 
offering of graduate student-sponsored evenlS, the promotion of graduate 
tudenl organizations, a comfortable ploce 10 talk to people and, yes, have 

a beer. Mo t importantly, upport of this fee enables the GSA to conlinue 
10 upport lobbying efforts on the behalf of all graduate studenls al UCSD 
10 en ure Ihe accessibility of a quality educational e~perience. 

ON·CAMPUS MAIL NEEDS '0 BE SEN' BY TOMORROW! 
GSA, 0077 

And of course, look for the Wilt 
Chamberlain Headboard Cam, the 
Buster Douglas Canvas Cam. and 
the Dick Vitale Mouth Cam to be 
making their debuts in years to come. 

Be sure not to forget the NHL 
Fist Cam either. Feel the sensation 
as Marty McSorley knocks an op-
posing player senseless. It's the es-
sence of professional hockey. 

For all you Cubbies fansoutthere, 
look for the Ryne Sandberg A TM 
Cam. Sure. lhe Cubs may be nine 
games out offirst, but look how well 
Ryno grabs his money. Can we see 
thar again? 

BUll hearthatthe sporting world 
won't be the only place we' ll be able 
to find those nifty action cameras in 
years to come. Word has it thar the 
LAPD Balon Cam is just around the 
comer. Juries should love the Baton 
Cam. After all, the camera never 
lies. 

The Ultimate 
Triton Treat. 

• 

That's what CooItop1M says about 
the cool, creamy taste sensations 
at the new I Can't Believe Ifs 
yogwte store in La Jolla' 

3211 Holiday Court IlNOaODY · . . DOMINO'S How bJ Uke PIzza At ~. 11 am-2 am Fri. & Sal. OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

This eat's choice is new Hand Scooped 
Frozen Yogurt, a hunky-chunky, 
ooey-gooey delight that tastes like 
premium ice cream, but has only about 
half the fat and 1/3 fewer calories. And 
for the ....,. fitness-conscious, there are 
two exciting new yoglace· flavors--
Margarita and Sangria. yo glace • is nonfat, 
has no cholesterol and contains only 
about 10 calories per fluid ouncel KILl E I{ D L\ L! . .\ \II 1\1( \ ..., I \\ () 1\ I I' " \..., I ' 

I LATE NIGlIT SPECIAL! I I 

.! . $1299~~~ ! $8~! $4~~! 
: 2 MEDIUM PIZZAS : One Medium 2nd Medium : 
I WITH 2 TOPPINGS & I Pizza Pizza I 
: A SIX·PACK OF COKE® I TryAmmca'sFavoritePlzupiIl'dhighwith I 
I Delivery or Carryoul. Please mention oller I Pl'ppm>ni, Mushrooms and Sau5A~! Me.. mention I when ordering. Good alter 9:00 p.m. only. I offer when ordering. Dolivery or urryOUI. I 
: Ct\LL US! 4S2-UCSD I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD I 

..... IIIIj..,..,o __ . II~ I .... _..,..,-- liE I I lIIroIIod-.,y- ....... - I ~-..y- .. ....,;..-~.Our_...., .... ..., . ~. Our_ 1000..., I 12O_00. EoI*w~'It2. "'-_"' ~,,_,,_ • 120.00: £>iI*to~':l _ I 
-----------~------:~~~= 

Through June 30, all Tritons will get a FREE CUP 
OF YOGURT OR yoglace· when they buy 
one of equal or greater value. And isn'tit 
cool to treat a friendl 

LI JoIII CcuItry MIlled ~==~~., 
Tony ..... 
...... ICINIA ...... 
45f.3111 

""' c.n'_I1'.~ lid. 

Thursday, May 14, 1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 

Rules and Regulations: 
- SfJtl)T"l:..I'OWYONANII/2"1Y 11 - S1I.lT OH~ 

ALONG .... Ilil ' °Olfa "",,..:, VIAl ~ !iC'HOOt .. IIOMl,."O'IIrN. 
CUJ..6QE'tOUAm OAfUCSO.~. A/'IoD"IOM''''' f'''. 
mSf'fauEooc:. . UCSDGuAII)WIl. ~GI..NAN OI:M 
03t6. '-<k'M. CA ~2O\/H)Jt6. You c"'" AUO",." n 
OH-IH TI. Srt_rs EOfTOI; ', 10'( 11.1 Tl If' Gu""DlA'HI-t-K"t ... 
lOl'An-D IN n. STUOfNl a NTI:J. ALlton ~ III' '-'''N . 

-Au UCSO ~ruot.Nn.. ~l A"'. ANn.AC\JI n AItt! I-JJ. 
("04 ... .£ IOfWTf.a . 1 Q;'tJ"l H)I(iu"III"'AN SIAH loI.wunAHD 

D~"m'"fJo:S (»I BJ ' OIK':MOU Pl7hJtlA. 
-Tut ... :&JOfII WlIO llM'~ UP WHII n .... r.s I a •• a, 

.vfS'lt'fltJ.MOti'll1l.roeOIVTlllUOCif ,"'J." M1",IU-O 
'flFOkA""I1£WI"~.A""OW'J ItiIlJoOXlM1J-»Vo'.:N till 
OtUl.es raIJlfTl-.DnIF.HUS' .... 'Nll '*n.l: . IN n ...... ~-""'Ta· A 1-" . 
It. DkAWlM.l 'lll'IJ.IflIFLO fOOI'TfJ.MN· 'IFW1hil+ ... Tuov. 
C'OIIR:f f"IIO'U:S NOT m .IiCTlO AI 1 ••• UlANO,.11lI WIN'" • 
wu. .. COfiISIIJRt.D aUKMIS-l.P. 

ooC>Ht. Y OW L"'-" Y PU PI-.st»4 ,..,. QUU .. No WAU-
IIItOCIUCFD~.s WIIJ. III AC't'fI1l.D. ENn:e IofJII If. AT 
TIE GuAal:.lAN aY ..... Wto.:Jo,u. 

·TII!O&ANDPIW':F. weN ...... " 'I.L .a:t1w'A Htf~'*""""''' 
Fat TWO AT BJ 's O.cAOn PvlUl.\. RUNM-..as-w wu. 
as;o\'l\ A Rltl'" "'n:1'-__ cw MIOFI.otI Dl:AFT afJ'"Jt . C. SODA, 
AT BJ's. U:X:Al1:D If'( LA Jou...\ VaJ.J\("1f! $ouM;e. A un Of' 
ALL ....."..S WU. W. rnnt:D AT 8 .. s f.ACll WU:e:: AHO 
WfNJrEIIS ,.::'D TO SIIIOW IDl-Jf11ACATIUfiIII ro QAIN P'RUU. 

This Week'5 questlom: 
1. Who is the new head coach of the 
Milwaukee Bucks? 
2. What are the names of the two 
boats in !he America's Cup finals? 
J_ Which collegiate player was se-
lected to play on lhe 1992 U.S. 
Olympic basketball team? 
4. As of May 14, which team is in 
last place in the NL East? 
5. How many MSL championships 
have the San Diego Sockers won? 
6. What is the mascotofthe Univer-
shy of Colorado? 
7. Who led the American League in 
home runs for the 1991 baseball 
season? 
8. True or false: Qyde Drexler was 
selected to the 1992 U.S. Olympic 
basketball team. 
9. What pitcher is the uncle of the 
San Diego Padres' third baseman 
Gary Sheffield? 
10, Who will the UCSD baseball 
team play in the first round of !he 
Division IU tournament? 

Lut week's quesdoas: 
1. What are the two NL expansion 
teams that will start play next year'! 
Florida M.rlins, Colorado 
Rockia 
2. True or False: Demis Conner is 
the skipper of America1• F. 
3. Who did Golden Stale lose to in 
thefina round of the NBA playoffs? 
Seattle SuperSoaia 
4. In which city did the Los Angeles 
Lakers m:ently lose their opening-
round playoff series? La Veps 
5. True or False: Tom Webster is !he 
head coach of the Los Angeles 
Kings. Faile 
6. What is the name of San Diego's 
MSL team? The Socken 
7. What is the masc:ot of Richmond 
University? The Spiders 
8. What are the four divisions of the 
NHL? Patrick, Norris, Smythe, 
.uaa. 
9. Who was the fina major league 
pildler to reach five wins this yeaJ'! 
Jilek McDowell 
10. What was !he record-seaingwin-
ning pertentageofthis year's UCSD 
baseball team?.all 

This week's wiDDer - Vince 
Garcia. Warren, Senior, Psychol-
ogy, Los Angeles 

RUIlIIIn Up - List of 9 a1 BJ's 

The UCSD Guardian 

Track Battles Giant Foes 
• Preview: Tritons 
challenge Division II 
opJX>nents at CCAA 
championships 
By GntUWrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

After sprinting Ihrough its regu-
lar season, it might look like the 
UCSD track team is about to hit a 
brick wall al full stride. The Tritons 
are traveling to Los Angeles Ihis 
weekend 10 the California Colle-
giale Athletic Association (CCAA) 
conference championships. The 
problem is that the five other teams 
in the associalion are all big. bad 
Division U schools. while UCSD is 
jusl a member of weak little Divi-
sionill. 

But Triton Head Coach Mark 
Stnnfonh doesn't appear to be too 
worried about the situation, and is 
justglad for the chance to squeeze in 
one more meet before nationals. 

"It's goodcompetition-a1most 
the same level as our national com-
petition," Stanfonh said. "We need 
this extra meet so that the whole 
team had something to shoot for at 

BASEBALL 
ContInued fram ..... 18 
field lines. 

Yales has decided to keep his 
pilching rotation a secret until game 
time on Friday in hopes of throwing 
offhis Kingsmen counterparts. Pr0b-
able starters over the weekend in-
clude Ryan Aanagan (7-1), Denny 
Kubinski (2-1), Brent Hansen (10-
0), Bryan Thomason (5-2) and Kurt 
Luhrsen (3-2). 

"Our chances of beating them 
are pretty good because we have the 
pitching," said veteran centerfielder 
Ernie Isola 

"We are a lot more balanced 
[than fonner UCSD teams]. The 
pitching is there and so is the hitting 
and defense. Everything is work-
ing." 

"We're often compared to the 
(1987) team," commented Yates. 
who coached the '87 TrimllS to fifth 
place in the College World Series. 
"Across the board we are much more 
consistent as a learn." 

Spearl1eading the offensive at-
tack will be seniors Isola and David 
Rex. Rex, swinging ar a .374 clip, 
leads the team with eight home runs 
and 43 RBI. Isola is tops on the team 
wilh 58 hits, a .426 avemgc, and 17 
doubles. Isola has also chased horne 

w. POLO 
ContInued ......... 18 
are confident and ready for the tour-
nament. Wilh the return of Allison 
Westfall, who was suffering from 
an elbow injury, UCSD looks to be 
very strong. Harper hopes to pla-
toon Westfall with MelindaHanJey. 
He hopes the two, combined with 
the power of All-Americans Jamie 
Dailey and Brenda Reiton will push 
the Tritons into !he finals. 

Harper also said that freshman 
Julie Swail could be a key scorer an 
might ultimalely wind up being !he 
key factor in a TrilOn win. 

"We're looking for [Swail) to 
maybepushthis team over theedge," 
Harper said. 

One of the Tritons' biggest 
strengths offensively is their ability 
to drive inside. Increasingly ,Harper 
said, ucsb has been driving with a 
purpose and has been able to draw 
ejections and get off good shots. 

Defensively, UCSD looks to be 

the end of the season, not just lhe 
ones going on to the NCAA meet." 

UCSD's women's leam will be 
led by sprinter Erica Washington, 
who will be compeling in the 100-
meier race and lhe 4xlOO relay. 
Washington has the nalion's best 
clocking in the 100 with a bli tering 
12. 15-second lime. She also has the 
second-fastest 200-meter mark in 
the country with a 25.22, but won't 
be racing in the longer distance be-
cause, according (0 Stanforth, "wilh 
the I 00 and the relay, the 200 would 
just be too much for her." 

Renee Sprowl wiIIalso be a force 
for the Tritons, competing in three 
event - 1000meler hurdles, high 
jump and triplejump. Sprowl's leap 
of 11.28 meters in the triple jump 
gives her the be t mark in the con-
ference going into the meet. 

UCSD's throwing leam will be 
leading the way for the men with 
Olympic-trials qualifier SCOII 
Sargeant spearheading the attack. 
Sargeant is far and away the best 
hammer thrower at the meet, out-
distancing his nearest CCAA rival 
by 24 feet, with his throw of 
214- I being the conference record.. 

1992 NCAA BUEBALL 
CHAMPIONSHIPS 

UCSD will host the flrst-round 
of the NCAA baseball champi-
onships as the Tritons take on 
Cal Lutheran this weekend. 
The best-of-ftve series starts 
at 3 p.m. Friday, then contin-
ues with a doubleheader on 
Saturday beginning at noon. If 
necessary, two more games 
are scheduled for Sunday. TICk-
et prices are $2 for students 
and $3 for general admission. 
All games are at Triton Field, 
adjacent to 1-5. Fans are ad-
vised to arrive early since the 
standsonIy hold 3()().350 pe<r 
pIe and a capacity crowd is 
expected. 

41 runs from the third spot in the 
Triton lineup. 

Lead-off hitter Guy Cataldo en-
lers the playoffs with a .3 78 average 
after roping IO hits in the final three 
contests. CaJaIdo has been an ideal 
lead-off hitter with 12 stolen bases 
and a strikeout ratio of one for every 
21 pla&e appearances. 

Other key sluggers in the Triton 
lineup are Steve Wrenn (.330 aver-
age), David Blum (.312, 2 HR), 
Dominic Dirksen (.278, 26 RBI), 
and Doran Yount (.298). 

very SbOOg. Behind fresIunan goalie 
Leona MMon, whom Harper calls 
"one of !he most talented goalies 
[UCSDJ has ever had," the Tritons 
should be able to shut down most 
leams. 

Still, Harper admits that Mason 
is a little "green·· in thai she's not 
used to facing !he large number of 
shots that can come from top teams 
in tournament play. 

Despite !he fact that the Tritons 
are a young team. Harper says !hey 
are ready to go. "I've goc a really 
good feeling about the tournament," 
he said. "We're always the team 
that rises to the top and is there [in 
the finals)." 

UCSD has played in lhe touma-
ment finals in each of the last five 
years and Harper intends to this 
season as well. 

But is Harper ready to make pre-
dictions? 

'·It will be [UCSDI and Davis in 
the finals,"he said. "It's definitely a 
Ihree-peat year. No doubt about it." 

SPORTS 15 

detachable day pack & fanny pack 
COO1\p 18'-00 129 99 Sale prICe • 

When It comes to 
t'lvet Iccesao,lel ... 

we've gol'em!!! 

PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS 
INFORMATION MEETING 
find out about 

new major requirements 
new courses and changes in courses 
honors seminar & program 
graduate programs in psychology 
career opportunities 

WHEN: Thursday, May 21 at 4 p.m. 
WHERE: WO McGIll Hall (formerly paL) 

CARGO-SPEEDLINE-INC 
for all your shtpping needs by sea and air 

Expert Packing of Personal Effects & Household Goods 
Door-to-Door services by sea and air 

Flexible rates via twice weekly consolidations by air and 
weekly consolidations by sea to the Middle East, 'Eastern 

Mediterranean and Africa . 
All risk Insurance 

Full Documentation ond legalization services 

Telephones: (818) 240-3110 - (310) 568-8818 

FREE 
DOZEN 

910aJers & 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

CARNATIONS 

• San Diego, CA 92122 558-6666 
;'\ 

With punrusc{iS10or tT'IIKC. 
~u4 valtJ " ilh ;any tither oIf"'f. 'We~r 

World Wide· 

I, DO YOU: SUFFER FROM 

ASTHMA? 
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR ASTHMA STUDY. 
ALL TESnNG AND MEDICAnoNS AIlE FREE. 

. , 

< 
QUALIIIIID 'AaTlClPANTS "ILL IE PAID UP TO $ 200 fOICONPLETE PAaTICI'AnoN. 
CALL 436-3911 
ASK FOR DIANNA OR .JANET . 

_w ......... JLD.,A.-.. .. AlareT .......... a.-mc.... 



16 SPORTS 

SCORE 
CARD 

Three Cheers for 
Scuba Cam Man 

NOW I'M NOT NORMALLY A huge fan of yacht racing. rn fact, I pay about as 
much allention to the America's 
Cup mces as I do to the MSL 
championships. You know it ' 
happening, but you don't really 
care. 

But after yesterday's race, I'm 
staning to realize that yacht ra ing 
can be kind of cool. Actually, it 's 
not the mcing so much as it is the 
television coverJge. 

Specifically, I'm talking abou t 
the Scuba Cam. 

For those of you who haven ' t 
heard about the Scuba Cam man, 
just imagine a navy-seal-type 
character with a polaroid, drifting 
helplessly among the waves. 

You see, ESPN hired Scuba 
Cam man, formerly SynchroniLCd 
Swimming Cam man, to grab 
close-up shots of the mee fr m the 
water as the boats passed. nly 
problem was, Scuba Cam man got 
a bi t t close and aim ~t wound 
lip becoming Pancake Canl man. 
It seems the fearless photographer 
drifted with the current and wound 
up in.~ide the buoy marker. The 
Italian boat /I Mora di Vel/e:ia 
narrowly missed sending Scuba 
Canl man to sleep with the fi shes. 

L U KtLY, S UBA CAM man survived, though the Italians 
lost the race. ESPN, however, 
decided to yank the courageous 
cinematographer for the remain-
der of the races. Bummer. 

Trying to overcome the 
depression that come with the 
absence Of a Scuba Cam, I began 
to reflect on the history of the 
"Can1" ,\Od its possible future 
uses. 

We all remember the "Father 
of All Cams." I am of course 
talking about Ihe Monday Night 
Football Sky Cam. We all enjoyed 
watching the Rams fumble the 
baJl from every angle po sible and 
the Sky Cam ju I added a new 
dimen ion. 

But of course, after the Sky 
Cam. others were quick to follow. 
Who could resist tho e hots from 
the Little League World Series 
Umpire Cam. "Eref wOl/der wlral 
il feels like 10 look dow" lire 
barrel of a loaded gllll? Filld our 
as Jeremy from Joliel, lIIil/ois 
he/pl' ),011 feel tire Ireat of a 27-
mph faslball, today 01/ ABC's 
Wide World of Sports .. . " 

A NO OON'T FORGET the NBA Slam Cam. Actually. the 
Slam Cam turned out to be kind of 
cool. It was great to see Jordan 
coming right at ya with a monster 
dunk. The NBA went to the Slam 
Can1 after the Charle Barkley 
Shoe Cam proved to be unsuc-
ce ful. Not only was it too heavy, 
but it seems fans quickly got tired 
of watching Sir Charles step on 
opponents' face . 

So what about "Cam" of the fu-
See CARD, Page 14 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1992 

1992 NCAA DIVISION III BASEBALL TOURNAMENT 

UCSD Looks to Steal Kingsmen's Crown 
• Preview: Baseball hosts 
top-ranked Cal Lutheran for 
best-of-five series in first 
round of Division ill playoffs 
By Ben EIIIn 
Staff Writer 

The ninth-ranked UCSD baseballtearn 
(27-6-1 ) will hostthe top-ranked Kingsmen 
of Cal Lutheran (36-3) in the western re-
gional showdown this weekend. The play-
off bid marks the Tri ton ' first postseason 
appearance since 1989 and their founh 
since 1986. 

The best-of-five series will begin on 
Friday 8t 3 p.m .. followed by a double-
header on Saturday at noon. The remaining 
contests are scheduled for Sunday at noon. 
if necessary. 

Head Coach Lyle Yates was pleased to 
receive the home-field advantage for the 
first time in Triton history. "Seeding is 
actually the third criteria [ for determining 
the host)," Yates said. "The number one 
criteria is the quality of the field. I honestly 
believe ours i a much beller field." 

"Our offense i more geared towards 
ourfield."Yates added,citingTritonField's 
large dimension , which could neutmlize 
Cal Lutheran's power-packed line-up. 

The Kingsmen have clobbered 72 long 
ball on the year. compared to 21 home 
runs mustered by UCSD's offense. 

Darrell McMillin leads Cal Lutheran 
with 19 home runs, a .428 batting average, 
and 49 RBl. 

Eric Johnson, hitting ,363, has clouted 
eight round-trippers and 17 doubles, while 
Jay Lucas, with eight long balls. also adds 
depth to the Kingsmen attack. 

0., Mc:OoMIII~ 
Ryan Aanagan is expected to be a key starter for UCSD against Cal Lut'letan this weekend. 

This power surge can be panly ex-
plained by Cal Lutheran' s field, which is an 
unofficial 305 feet a100g the right and left 

See BASEBALL, Page 15 

Can Water Polo Three Peat? 
• Preview: Tritons 
hope to tackle UC Davis 
at national tournament 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

The selling i a different one, but 
the characters remain the same. As 
the UCSD women ' waterpoloteam 
trJvels to VieMa, Virginia this week 
for the USA National Champion-
ships. it can't help but think about 
past seasons and future champion-
ships. But neither can UC Davis. 

In what is haping up to be a 
repeat of last season's champion-
hip, held at UCSD, the Tritons are 

again one of the top seeds, looking 
to knock off the nation 's be t in the 
form of the Aggies. 

But before the third-ranked Tri-
tons get their shot at the top-ranked 
tearn, the two-time defending cham-
pion must move through a tough 
tournament bracket which includes 
second-ranked Slippery Rock (PA). 

UCSD will compete in the "B" 
bracket. which, along with Slippery 
Rock, includes ixth-ranked Cal 
Berkeley and se venth- ranked 
Bucknell. 

The "A" bracket features Davis, 
fourth-r.lOked tournament OO-t Uni-
versity of Maryland, fifth-ranked 

Cal Poly San Luis Obispo and 
eighth-ranked University of Michi-
gan. 

In its bid to "three-peat", UCSD 
will first take on Cal Friday after-
noon. While the Tritonsdowned the 
Bears 11 -3jusllwoweeksagoallhe 
Western QuaJificatioo Tournament, 
UCSD Head Coach DeMY Harper 
admits that they aren't to be taken 
lightly, 

Harper is pleased with the first-
game draw, however. He said that 
while the Bears will give UCSD a 
tough tournament warm-up, the Tri-
tons hould have lillie trouble mov-
ing past them. 

Harper also anticipates lillie re-
sistance in Friday evening's contest 
against Bucknell. 

He said that while UCSD's op-
ponents have a powerful hole player, 
the Tritons should have no trouble 
overwhelming them with their 
speed. 

Saturday aftemoon, UCSD will 
take 00 Slippery Rock. seemingly 
theonlyuniversitystanding betw«n 
the Triton and a toumament final 
match up again t Davis. 

Traditionally. the Rockets 
trounce every tearn 00 the East Coast 
and this season has been no excep-
tion. The last time UCSD saw Slip-

0., McOowII'GunM 
UCSD will count on Melinda Hanley In this week's national tournament. 
pery Rock was at last year's na-
tionaltoumament. Harper said thaI 
the Rockets' biggest problem tends 
to be that they are overly aggressive 
and foul excessively, 

He hopes that thi could give the 
Triton several man-up opponuni-

ties that could ultimately be the de-
ciding factor in the game. Still, 
Harper i not extremely worried. 
The last time Slippery Rock knocked 
offUCSD Wa<i in 1976. 

Harper assens that the Tritoos 
See w. POLO. Page 15 



H2 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1992 

ooooooeoo 

+ SOUTII CENTRAL L.A. 's CHRIs Down: MO'VIOLENCE, Mo' VIOLENCE? 
By Jo5EpH GAROA 
HIATUS EDITOR 

To INUNDATE TIlE READER Wtnl another account of the events which occurred in Los Angeles after the King verdict 
is entirely unnecessary. More imponant 
than a nation's reaction to lhe riots are 
the opinions of those who live in the 
communities that are affected by the 
events. Christopher Dowd. keyboardisl/ 
vocalist/hom player for L.A.·s Fishbone 
shared his views on the events the day 
after they all began. 
What .. your ImInedIMe ,.... 
Ings 8bout, not .... verdict, but 
the w~ some people ...". 
chosen to ruct to It? 

The place where they had that trial, 
Simi Valley. is completely white. It' s 
the largest section. per capita. of cops 
anywhere in the nation. More cops live 
right there in Simi Valley. Most of the 
people on the jury don't just know 
persona lly a police officer - they live 
nex t door to one. It 's like having a civil 
rights trial at a fuckin ' Ku Klux Klan 
rally. 

I mean, my God, what the fuck do 
they expect? I feel unfonunate for the 
d ubt it's g nna Iplace J on people who 
are real police officers who are really 
trying to do anything. Law people 
periOO. It 's nol a bla k and white i~~ue 
anymore. Thc cops are just out of 
fuckin ' control and the President 
docsn' t have the bulb to do anything 
about it. 
How do the riots hit home for 
you guy.? 

I grew up in that neighborhood. 

cage people fuckin' look at each other. 
They torment each other - and that's 
what's happening. We're like rats in a 
cage. 

The whole fucking nation .. . black 
people everywhere are outraged. And 
they have the fuckin' right to be. We 
couldn't trust the police before and now 
twelve people say it's all right to beat 
up on black people. Allithe verdict's I 
gonna do is create more dead cops. 
They 're the S<Ulle cops that come into 
our neighborhoods and sell arms to the 
fuckin' Crips and do shit like that, They 
get Paid off, they bust the competition 
- the neighborhood coke dealer. Black 
people are outraged, They have guns 
that they bought from police and 
they're gonna stan using them on 'em. 
........ rtota .... ........ "01 
...... NYOIuIIon.,,, .... tiler .... 
to .... tocll ......... _ 
.,.., or .. tIIer ..... .e.t. 
-U 

It's a message that we're not gonna 
take it. People are just gonna Slart 
geuing fucked up. That's alii can really 
say about it. 

I don't think it's right for black 
people to tum on white people because 
it's not every while person's fault. I 
think that shit's wrong. It's like a 
fuckin' war. 

They rolled into Iraq and fucked 
those people up. They buried people 
alive with tanks and shit. What's that 
Fitzkopf, Schwartzkopf. . . he's like, 
"war is hell." Even after the people 
surrendered. The same thing applies [to 
Los Angeles l. lflBushl is gonna make 
blanket, irresponsible statements like 
lhe did after the riots stanedl. then this 
type of shit that happens in America 
becomes condonable. 

Where tl1(l[ shit I happened I were 
n~ighborhoods where I've lived or 
people in my family live. My mom 
lives right off of Crenshaw. and that's 
where a lot of the hit broke out. 

PI.- br D.1IkOooM1111Gtwtf1n 
IIrNther - Rshbone singer/ hom player Walter A, Kibby " gasps between verses, 

The rich have a pretty good strong-
hold on America and they' re not gonna 
elect a Jerry Brown. They're fuckin' 
scared of that guy. Come in and fuckin' 
clean house. 

Wli the riots affect FlIhbone'. 
sonpritlng? 

Fuck yeah. of course. We're a 
politically and socially motivated b:lI1d. 
Any type of at rocity. abusive thing that 
goe down. we have to wri te about it. 1 
feel socially obligated, and I'd feel inept 
if I didn 't talk about it. 
What's .oInC to ....... about the 
solutions to, not .... riots In pMk:u_, but the ,. .. 01 ..... 
riots occurred? 

Re·education of people. This 
country has regressed back to the 

L A J 0 L 

fuckin' McCanhy era. Blacks and 
whites ... You know that racial hatred is 
coming up again. It' s like shit that should 
have been dealt with, and because the 
way the economy is. people are trying to 
find something to blame. Some type of 
scapegoal. Our political leaders keep 
passing the buck. When you're rats in a 

1Ionm'- Keyboardistjsingerjhom player 
Christopher Dowd (right) blasts 'ifflay at 
the group's recent UCSD concert. 

L A 

~I 
PROSPECf 
PARK INN 

Dinner 
DeHvered! 

Dorm • Home • Office 
1A .JOllA 

The rrus~'Ct Park Inn is a dl'lightful 
mixture of Old World charm and 
modem amenities , located one block 
from the famous La Jolla Cove and 
amidst many fine 
restaurant ,s hop, 
and boutiques . 

Alii for our speclat UCSD RIte. For lWlf'l1Iions C811I-8C1O-43S-11Ot. 

GOURMET DElNERY 
from La JoUa's Restauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

Oo ................ U ......... 
to ........ be YOCIII1 

I think people should become more 
violent. 

"""10" I heard this quote from a movie, 
"violence is a cleansing force." It is 
kind of too. I think it's really fucked up 
that it has to be. but obviously [issues) 
have to be dealt with. I'm amazed. I 
don't know what the fuck's gonna 
happen to this country. 

Teach Literature, 
English and ESL 

in Middle and High Schools 
The Teacher Education Program at UCSO oHm the Calilomla Single Subject 
Credential in EnglishlESL. in addition to Mathematics, Physical and Ute Sei.nelS. 
Our Secondary E"9~sh credentiat program starts with six aducationalloundation 
courses (TEP 117. TEP 126. TEP 196. and TEP 171A,B·C. comprising a Minor in 
Teacher Edueation), which include a pr.proltssionat IieId experience at local 
SlCondary schools. 
Upon completion of your bachelor', dlgr .. in LitllatuII, you apply lor admission 
to the piIid int.rnship COqlOftlnt 01 "" program. which consists 01 one year 01 
graduat. study leading to the Clfitomil Single Subjlc:t Crecllntial. 
T· ... '.r 'rEP U7 ••• TIP 1M for rail 'II- eo .. to 617A lIMe, 

.CroII tn. tla. lJt BalhliD, 'or •• ,.rt ••• , ."royal to 'Droll, 
For more Information, contact Chris Diani at 534-7217, 

Tbunday, May 14, 1992 

Still' elll8l Aft. 
AlI1hese Years? 
By Ted Sunoo 
Staff Writer 

In making a sequel. a director 
must continually face a catch·22 
ituation. On one hand, the sequel 

must try to present something new 
and fresh to the audience. However, 
at the same time, that movie must 
not be roo different, or it will alien-
ate the same audience who made the 
original as successful as it was. Typi-
cally, a sequel ends up sati fying 
neither party. 

With "Lethal Weapon 2," direc-
tor Richard Donnerwas able to avoid 
falling into that trJp and created an 
exciting and entertaining sequel to 
the original "Lethal Weapon."Sadly, 
Donner's third installment to the 
buddy-cop series represents all of 
the problems with making sequels. 

One major problem is that when 
I was watching "Lethal Weapon 3," 
I was constantly comparing the film 
to its predecessors. Simply put, "I" 
and "2" were great, fun movies with 
spectacular action sequences. But 
what made those two movies mem0-
rable were the added touches: Mel 
Gibson's suicidal character (Martin 
Riggs) and his offbeat humor, often 
in the face of terrible danger, Danny 
Glover's Roger Murtaugh, who is 
always "too old for this shit," the 
wonderfully nasty villains, and from 
"2," Joe Pesci as the hilarious Leo 
Getz. 

"Lethal Weapon 3" reunites the 

.... 1..eIIIIII?- Danny Glover. Joe 
Pesci and Mel Gibson. 

three characters, along with some 
new villains and a new love interesl/ 
pannerforGibson. Rene Russo plays 
Lorna, the typical cover·girl cop-
chick you usually see in these kinds 
of movies. The WRC would prolr 
ably be proud to discover that this 
cop-chick can single-handedly bash 
five villains at the same time, com-
plete with head bun~, roundhouse 
kicks and of course, a female's fa· 
vorite attack method on poor males. 

Unfortunately, despite Russo's 
best effortS, herchnracter ultimately 
detracts from the storyline. Herscene 
with Gibson in which they compare 
bullet wound and other battle scars, 
which then concludes with the couple 

See WEAPON, Page H4 

The UCSD Guardian HiATUSH3 

THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
On Friday, Moss 
Pendleton's latest 
production, "PassIon," 
will show at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
"Passion" is set to Peter 
Gabriel's soundtrack for 
the film ''The Last 
Temptation of Christ" 
and features the Momix 
Dance Company. 

FRIDAY: lWo preludes by Rachmaninoff and one by Chopin 
will be the highlights of a piano recital featuring UCSD student 
DaYid ~ .... The recital will also include solo piano pieces 
by Bach, Haydn, and Granados. TIle recital is open to the public, 
starts at 7 p.m. and admission is free. 

Chance are you know him as Fire Marshal Bill on "In Living 
Color." But Jim c.rey is more than just a funny guy on the 
television: he's a funny guy on stage, too. His performance isn't until 
Friday, June 26. but tickets fortheevent goon saleatIOa.l11. Friday. 
If the $21.50 ticket price scares you off, then maybe you'd be happy 
sitting at home watching him on the boob tube instead. 

MaIa.hock Dance .... Com.,.ny will tage the first of three 
consecutive perfOn1lanCeS at S DSU ' s Don Powell Theater. In what 
could be an effon to give Momix a run for its money, Malashock 
Dance and Company will explore a new genre of dance in a 
"breathtakingly physic .. l, yet nu id style." The comp:lI1y draws from 
the drama of the theater in what has been described as "dancing of 
the deepest, rawest emotion .. . the cast and audience are swept into 
the same vonex." If you like being swept into II vonex with dancers 
then this could be for you. Tickets are $ 15 for non-SDSU students, 
but save $5 by having your SDSU buddy buy a ticket for you. For 
more information call 594-6555. 

SATURDAY: Do you own more black clothes than you can 
count? The time to don it is Saturday, because the CUre has jusl 
added a second show to ils S;m Diego stay. Yes, depressed people 
and 91 X fans alike will undoubtedly swann to the local TicketMaster 
outlet to shell out $23.50 to see the world's most depressing band. 
The question still remains: Will Raben Smith cOl11b his hair ,"is 
tour? 

WEDNESDAY: UCSD Professor a...or AntJn'. tilm 
"Man Without a World" will open a two-week run at the Laemmle 
Monica Theater in Santa Monica. Yes, it is a drive, but she is an 
extraordinary woman and anist. The film was made on the UCSD 
campus in August of 1990, has been purchased by Gemmn televi· 
sion and will be distributed across the globe (well, at least in Au tria. 
Germany and Switzerland). The film was "made" by an Antin-
created filmmaker, Yevgeny Antinov, who supposedly made the 
silent film during the 19205. Call 534·3120 to get more information. 



H4 HiATUS 

.1 S\\l\\\\.i\\ ~\\~\,\ 
Saturday • May 30 • 8pm 
Price Center Theater 
UCSD st. S3 • G.A. S7 
UCSD Box Office ~ "' __ . 
5 34-6461 -'~";';~!!:¥!~fii~ -

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 14, 1992 

Sbaigld from the Artist's Mouth 
• Art's Exchange gives arti ts a chance to explain their own work 

Ron GaazlGuarcjan 

ByJeMyG .... 
Senior Staff Writer 

After hearing tudent and col-
league complain about the need for 
a forum to exchange their anistic 
ideas and express their creativity, 
Servio Marin and Frank Pecquet 
think they have found the an wer 
with Art's Exchange. Debuting with 
four conferences during the fall and 
building up to 15 for the winter and 
pring, Art ' Exchange create op-

portunities for the artistic commu-
nity to bridge the gap between cre-
ators and their audien e . 

In these conference . arti t are 
able to ex pre their ideas and lead 
discussions which help. as Marin 
and Pecquet explain in their pam-
phlet . to "translate their personal 
artistic experience into collective 
knowledge." 

Bringing in speakers from as far 
as Pari . and as close as the commu-
nity and the UCSD faculty , confer-
ences are tructured with time for a 

g~~. ( sveal.:er to lecture, and equal 
time for que tions and di cussion. 

The selling is infonnal and relaxed 
and the lectures are structured to be 
imple, clear and receptive towards 

the general public. Topics range 
from opera, painting and poetry to 
mathemarics and computers, 

Each conference seems to draw 
a different audience, which Pecquet 
see as both good and bad - good 
in that they are able to touch upon a 
different group every time, bad in 
that they can't rely upon a regular 
association. Nevertheless, the audi-
ence are receptive, and as Pecquet 
explain ,"The be t moment i when 
the audience ask questions." 

Art's Exchange is sponsored by 
the UCSD Music Department, the 
Graduate Student Association and 
the Center for Research in Comput-
ing and the Arts (CRCA). Many 
UCSD faculty and graduate student 
have ex pre sed interest in speaking 
at conference next year, and Art' 
Exchange plans to continue to bring 
audiences closer to understanding 
the issues and concerns of the anis-
tic community. The Spring quarter 

frDm NEW YORK! 
~ 

ends with the following lectures: 
TU .. ..." 1liiy 11, 5-7 p ..... 

"Art alld Society," hy Frallk 
Pecqllct 

Frank Pecquet, co-creator of 
Art ' Exchange, received a Ph.D. in 
1lleoretical Studie at Paris Univer-
ity. He is currently tudying Mu ic 

Composition at UCSD. He will be 
explaining how artist" define their 
work to others, as well as explore 
the relation hip between society, 
"mas cultural" art and contempo-
rary creation. 
W ....... d8Y, MIIy 27,'" p.m. 

"rhe World: rhe Work." IJy 
Brian F e,."ey"ollgh 

Brian Ferneyhough is a 
renowned English composer and 
profe. sor at UCSD. He will be 
discuss ing the link between differ-
ent fieldsofexpressionsuchas paint-
ing, poetry and music. He will al 0 
explain the resistance of time, the 
abstract and the articulate and their 
relation to mu ic. 

Both conferences are to be held 
at the Center for Research in Com-
puting and the Arts, 408 Manhews 
Complex. UCSD. Call 534-4383 
for more information. 

WEAPON 
ContInued from page H3 
making love, tells you a little about 
the demi e ofthe"Lethal Weapon" 
movies. 

Gibson tries to maintain the in-
tensity of hi character from the 
earlier films, but he i never really 
involved in a scene where he can 
just go off and beat the crap out of 
some poor sap like in "I "and "2." A 
"Lethal Weapon" movie is not a 
"Lethal Weapon"movie if we can't 
see a pissed off Riggs dish out a 
couple of he ad buns and break some 
bones - or even a spine or two. 

Glover, on the other hand. plays 
the same old Murtaugh, trying to 
survive until his retirement. A twist 
to the storyline develops, though, 
when he unwittingly kills one ofhis 
son's friends in a shootout. The vic-
tim was part of a gang that had 
bought guns from the movie's main 
bad guy played by Jack Travis. 

from ~NGLAND Reprise Recording Artists 

As far as villains go, Travis is no 
Mr. Joshua. Although Donnershows 
Travis doing some heinous thing , 
his character is far less intriguing 
than the series ' first,villain. Even his 
death (I'm not giving anything away 
because it was hardly a surprising 
tum of events) was unmoving and 
failed to get an enthusiastic cheer 
from the audience. 

~. 
~ .. 

~ 

plus special guests 

pa.le sainli 
MAY 31 • SUN. • BPM • PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

U~: .. ~CE. 534·6467 AI --t 
... <0>_._. ,_ .• _. "'u. ~' . .~ .~~ 

•••• •• _·" ... ou ... ' 1 __ _ _ .. . • ... • Uli~ 

eU.'278-TIXS .... 
_ L&. .OM " . 

And yes, to make yet another 
comparison to the first two movie , 
"3" lacks a single original or unpre· 
dictable detail. The first two actu-
ally presented some bleak, no-win 
scenarios drenched with suspense 
and drama (a rare thing to find in 
today's cop-action thrillers). The 
only suspense in "3" is whether 
Gibson was going to take off his 
hirt within the first 30 minutes of 

the movie. 
"Lethal Weapon 3," in itself, is 

not a bad movie. In fact, there are 
several scenes which prove to be 
quite entertaining. However, you 
can't help but feel disappointed with 
the finished product. for there is 
nothing in the movie that you have 
not seen already, either in the first 
two films or in other cop movies. If 
you do decide to see the movie, be 
prepared to view some less than 
lethal filmmaking. 


