
Elsewhere 
Early Retirement 
CrlppI .. Campus 
SANTA BARBARA - UCSB 
i preparing for the worst when 
an expected 33 faculty 
members retire thi year as part 
of a money-saving early 
retirement program. An 
additional 88 staff members. 
who opted to take advantage of 
the UC y temwide.Voluntary 
Early Retirement Incentive 
Program, will also be leaving 
al ng with the faculty members 
on Jan. I. Officials at UCSB 
hope the program will cut co ts 
and help offset budget short-
fal ls. Officials say that the 
vacan ie will be an added 
blow to departments like 
Biological Sciences, which 
already has to deal with 
increased student enrollment. 

Students Voice 
OpInions of Sports 
DA VIS - Student at UC 
Davis will oon have a voice in 
determining how important 
ports are at UCD. The 
tudent will be the subjects of 

a preliminary urvey which 
will aim to determine what 
student want in their ports 
program. spanning everything 
from intramural to club ports 
to NCAA athletics. TIle three-
part survey will also ask 
students whether they would be 
in favor of a fee increase to 
support a move to Division I. 

Cops Meet With 
Greeks at Picnic 
SANTA BARBARA - A 
joint picnic held recently at 
UCSB allowed members of the 
Greek system and local law 
enforcement officers to get 
together and improve commu-
nication. Fraternity and sorority 
chapter presidents ate, social-
ized and played basketball with 
more than 15 officers from the 
Isla Vista Foot Patrol. TIle 
officers usually interact with 
the Greeks soley in response to 
complaints. According to 
Interfraternity CounciJ 
President Tom Pow ledge, "It's 
a step in the right direction." 

,Inside 

LEE"SX 
HIAtUS: Spike Lee creates a 
new myth in the movie 
Malcolm X. III 

SPORTS: Cro -country and 
women's volleyball compete in 
the NCAA Finals. 12 

Index 
UCSD BRIEF ........................ 2 
OPINION ............................... 4 

. • MEETING NOTES ............ 6 
"tATU ...... ........................ HI 
CLA tFIED ... ..................... 8 
PORTS .............................. 12 

, H E 

UCSANDIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1992 VOLUME 77, I UE 17 

UCB Files Suit Against University 
LAWSUIT: Co-ops loan money for 
legal action; Concern raised over 
selection of Board members 
By Randy Katzke 
Guardian Reporter 

The University Center Board (UCB) filed a 
law uit again tthe Regen! of the University of 
California on Monday to gain acce to fund for 
independent legal coun el. 

At a pre conference Monday night. U B 
Chair hri Burnett explained that the suit , filed 
in Superior Count came after repeated attempt 
by the UCB to gain acce to fund that were 
blocked by the UCSD admini tration over the 
past year. 

The UCB i attempting to retain independent 
counsel to clarify what powers are within the 
university. 

Burnett said that the UCB needs "a [legal] 
opinion about what these rights are." 

effect, "taxation without representation" by the 
admini tration. He added that the G A i in 
"com pie! upport of the action." 

The UCB received a loan from the co-ops to 
pay a $5,000 retaining fee to proceed with the 
suit, aid Bumett. 

Revelle Council Chair Mike Shah agreed with 
Bumell that the elf-a sesed fee sh uld be in 
tudent hand .1I0wever,Shahadded thatRevelle 

College Counsel is "not sure if the U B ~h uld 
be that groupofstudenl. to control student funds ," 
He argued that the U B is not a directly-elected 
body and " represents a very small group of 
students." 

He did reiterate that "Revelle College Council 
doessuppon students having control of their elf-
assesed fee ." 

University General Coun el Joanna Beam 
al 0 expre ed con em overthe UCB' s represen-
tation. She aid that the "UeB is not an ele ted 
body [and] therefore. it i not like the [elected] 
A. ociated Studen ts who represent the entire According to Steve Dubb, Graduate Student 

A ociation (GSA) repre entative to the U B. 
the Board 's inability to gain acce to funds is, in 

tudent body." The A.S. was allowed to retain UCB Chair Chris Burnett filed suit against 
See SUIT, Page 2 the university on Monday. 

The controversial RIMAC complex, depicted In this scale model, will be built north of 
third College unless opponents succeed In halting Its construction. 

RIMAe Construction To Begin 
CAMPUS: Opponents make last 
minute push to halt the proposed 
$34 million sports complex 
By Randy Katzke 
Guardian Reporter 

Construction of the controversial RecreationaV 
Intramural Athletic and Events Center(RIMAC) 
is set to begin in January, according to As istant 
Vice Chancellor for Student Programs and Fa-
cilities Tom Tucker. 

The giant sports complex has been the ubject 
of controversy since the $70-a-quarter fee in-
crease needed to build the facility passed in Feb. 
1990. 

The administration is currently waiting on the 
last of the 19 bids submitted by contractors 
before construction can begin, but the A.S. is 
rushing to halt the the construction and the insti-
tution of the fee by placing the maner on the 
ballot of tile next ASUCSD election. 

The facility will consist of seven indoor bas-
ketball or volleyball courts, a 12,OOO-square-foot 
weight room and a training and rehabilitation 

center. Five of the basketball courts, which 
can be set up to seat 5,000 spectators, will be 
located in a main gym. 

Tucker contends that additional sports fa-
cilities are necessary to accommodate UCSD' s 
growing population. It isestimated that UCSD 
will have 26,000 students by the year 2005, 
and RIMAC is necessary to meet that in-
crease, he said. 

"The athletic needs of the students were 
determined by a survey of 4,000 students In 
1988," he said. "The priority of RIMAe i 
intramural and recreation use by the tu-
dents." 

According to RIMAC Co-Chair Doug 
Willen, RIMAC is "going to be a great project 
for students." He added that " for a campus of 
17,000, we really don't have adequate athletic 
facilities." 

Not everyone is excited about the new 
facility, however. Opponents of RIMAC ar-
gue that the university did not follow its own 
guidelines in the promotion of the complex 

See RIMAC, Page 6 

Co-opMe~rs 
Face Suspension 
COOP CRISIS: The university 
threatens to suspend students 
involved in the Sept. textbook sale 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

Several General Store Co-op members have 
been threatened with suspension from the univer-
sity for their roles in the North Conference Room 
(NCR) textbook sale in September. 

On Sept. 2 1. members of the General Store 
Co-op occupied the NCR to sell textbooks. Later 
that morning, University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers notified the co-op members that they 
were illegally occupying university propeny. 

The University Center Board (UCB) had allo-
cated the NCR in June to the General Store Co-
op to sell textbooks, but the administration sub-
sequently vetoed the allocation. 

According to General Store Co-op Senior 
Clerk Randy Corpuz, Carruthers threatened him 
with suspension ifhe and the other members did 
not vacate the NCR. To allow the resolution of 
other, more pressing mailers concerning the pos-
sible co-op eviction, the subject of suspension 
was temporarily postponed. 

Corpuz said that appro)Cimately five to seven 
General Store Co-op workers have been threat-
ened with suspension. "[They haven't] forn13l1y 
given out notices, but they are going to file 
grievance procedures. I haven't seen any paper-
work, and [if it goes through] it would come to 
another hearing, but we don 't know anything 
yet," he said. 

According to Directorof Judicial Affairs Nick 
Aguilar, the university is not allowed to disclose 
information about specific student , including 
po sible uspension . But he said that he has 
processed all complaints concerning the text-
book sale and forwarded the information to the 
students' respective college deans. 

"The Dean of Students has the responsibility 
of investigation if any charges arc filed," Aguilar 
said. 

If the university files charge , the students 
would be able to discu s the problem surround-

See CO-OPS, Page 6 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Novemruber19, 1992 

SUIT: UeB files to 
gain access to funds 
for legal counsel 

eKtemal counsel," he wrote. 
In Sept. 1992. Burnett repeated 

the request for legal counsel in a 
letter to University Center Director 
Jim Carruthers. He wrote lhat the 
"UCB and its member.> are legally 
entitled to use their own funds for 
this proper purpose." He asked again 
that the UCB be allowed to use its 
own funds to retain outside legal 
counsel. 

ETCETERA ... 
ContInued from .... 1 
independenl counsellasl mooth. 

CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 
Burnell did not think thaI the 

UCB 's represenlalionoflhe student 
body was the i ue. "We are simply 
asking for the righllo ... use money 
for legal opinion. The issue of con-
trol over the money... needs to be 
taken up with the 

Canuther.> re ponded by recog-

A.S," he said. 
A.S. President 

Mike Holmes 
agreed with the 
UCB's attempt to 
retain independent 
legal counsel. In his 
eKecutive report at 
lest night' A.S. 
meeting reponed 
that he "voted for 
retaining an al1or-
ney and the right for 
the UCB 10 U e its 
funds to do so." 

Holme was 
concerned about 
the UCB' use of 
co-op money to 
carry-out the uit. 
however . " It 
seemedtomelthatl 

ince u maj r por-
tion of the Board 's 
duties involve 3Jld 
potentially benefit 
t he co-ops. there 
may arise some 
conflictofinterest. " 
he said. 

nizing that while the UCB does need 
legal counsel. it 

"lIIIsls an 
.xtr ..... 1y 
IlftportMt I ..... 
that students 
should take 
very seriously ••• 
If they lose the 
right to operat. 
their own 
facllltl .. and 

should be provided 
by the univer.>ity. 

Bumettsaid yes-
terday that "there' s 
so much at stake for 
students within the 
student facilitie 
thai siudents should 
have a right to have 
more input on the 
day-to-day opera-
tions of the faci li-
ties. 

They hould at 
least have the right 
to retain 3Jl inde-
pendent legal opin-
ion regarding lheir 
right responsibili-
ties." 

Student over-
whelmingly ap-
proved a referen-
dum last year re-
que ting that the 
Univer.>ity Center 
fee be accessed for 
the hiring of inde-
pendent legal coun-
sel. 

~ fJ.U. MOtKI"6'i 
S\Ii£ ~ PRrn'{. lItE. 
.1'51(, .,IQ. . 

~~ 
($ LU.~ .-

II~U.O? ... t40. "'" ~ c~r (c:JII£ -ro M: ~ 
R~~ ~ . r--y---------~ 

\ 

I'M ~1t4G ~'f 
FtI4GE:RNA,ll'3 Lot'G . 

BRIEFLY ••. 

1l\EN I'LL ~\L£ *'" \~m \lC)1~'I'5 . 9:) r~ 
"~I/E. CL"'f4S .l\JSI 

lI~E 'iOO . 

....--------, SIQIII4. I 'fUI':. 
'50~ AMI) 
F<Xlllc;lI . I 
~,~ 
1»..'i'5 'fOl.I) 

llST~ . 

l() R.ETRAcr~ c.~. 
~ OI'I'O'5MILE ~S . 
l() I'R£.~SII.£ TA.IL. 
~ COMI'C1JND £,!E5. 
N() f~S. No W\l'IGs .. 

.. $IG\UUI ... 
~tc- / 

~. 
-

According to in-
formation provided 
by the UCB. the 
first attempt to gain 
funds was made by 
former UCB Chair 
Molly McKay in 
Feb., 1992. The re-
quest was denied. 

their own 
1ftOD1e., In my 
Opinion, [the 
students] will 
be economically 
and politically 
pow ...... 
UCSDand 
tlwoughout the 

Burnell added 
that. "thi is 3Jl eK-
tremely imponant 
issue that students 

AASU Sponsors Malcolm X Seminar 

I n a leller to 
Beam. McKay 
a~ked. "What is 
Ithel basis for de-
nying the UCB ac-
cess to University 

stat •. " 
- UCB Chair 
Chrl. Burnett 

hould fake very 
seriously ... if they 
lose the right to 0p-
erate their own fa-
cilities and their 
own monie • in my 
opinion. l the stu-
dents] will be ec0-
nomically and po-
Iiticall y powerless 
at UCSD and 

throughout the state." 

The Muslim Student Association and the African 
American Student Union will be hold a seminar on the life 
and beliefs of Malcolm X tonight at the Price Center 
Ballroom at 7 p.m. The event will feature two speakers, 
Karim Akbar, a member of the Nation of Islam. and Phil 
Gasper. a former UCSD professor. Followi~ the speak-
ers there will be a one-hour documentary about Malcolm 
X, and then a five rylember panel will discuss vOOous 
topics with those in attendance. The overall theme of the 
evening will focus on the last year of Malcolm X's life and 
his humanist philosophy. ·The goal of the program is to 
educate people in general," said organizer Husham 
Sharifi. 

School of Medicine Dev.1ops 
New Gene 11Ierapy PrograIn 

gene therapy trials within two years. He said that "gene 
therapy holds great promise tor extremely effective 
treatment of disorders such as cancer, Alzheimer's and 
Parkinson·s ... [and] UCSD has many researchers poised 
to bring promising therapies from animal models to 
human trials." 

BIoconvergence Alms To Teach 
Importance of Preservation 

The UCSD Student Environmental Action Committee 
(SEAC) will be co-sponsoring a bio-convergence on 
Saturday. Nov. 21 at UC Davis. The event. which will be 
held at UC Davis Experimental College. will aim to teach 
peopJe why the Endangered Species Act needs to be 
defended and will strive to create strategies for preserv-
ing bkHIiversity in various bioiegions. Students from all 

Center Fee funds to cover its legal 
expenses incurred in serving the 
interests of the UCSD student 
Body?" 

Vice ChancelJorfor Undergradu-
ate Affairs Joseph Watson re-
sponded by stating that independent 
legal counsel was not necessary. 

"The time has come to clarify 
that relation hip [between the UCB 
and the administration I," he added. 

UCB members include a repre-
sentative from each college. as well 
as representatives from the A.S., the 
GSA. Student Affirmative Action 
Comminee(SAAC)andtheco-ops. 

A new program in gene therapy has been started by over the state are e)(jleCted to attend in efforts to leam 
the UCSD School of Medicine to facilitate the transfer of more about sav~ endangered species. Tickets and 
basic science advancements to human clinical trials. Information can be attained by calling SEAC's regional 
According to School of Medicine Dean John AI<sne, coordinator at (707) 822.0587. 

"Such requests wilt be denied 
until it is clearly demonstrated that 
there is a definite need for such 

- lalrWrtt.r a.Ine c-
Wilblbttilt.cll to tills ...., 

M.D., the program will include several key components. 
A Gene Therapy Advisory Committee will consult with 
researchers abOut everything from deYelopi~ research 
protocols to proper safety measures in the proposed 
human trials. 

}ustDoIT. 
Core technical facilities will be made available to all 

scientists and clinicians. Training programs will be 
started to aid young researchers and physicians, and 
speaker series will bring intematlonalleadefs i:l the field 
of gene therapy to UCSD in Itte~ to update faculty 
members and members of the public about new ~ 
VIWlCeS. RECYCLE! Gene therapy is the manlpulatiofl of genes to pr0-duce a therapeutic effect. It offers a variety of ad\tar). tages over conventional therapy because It is a wtlj of COfT'b8tting disease more directly. AIksne predlcts that 
the UCSD Medical Center should begin Its first human 

BEN IOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managirw Editor 

SHANNON .~ Copy Editor 
RENt BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

KARIN CHIN8, Associate NBws EdItOr 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Festures Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
R08ER IWO, Graphics Editor 

OM McDOWILL, Photo Editor 
PHILIP MICHAlI..I, OpInion Editor 

JEFf NIDEL. Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associste Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, AssocIate Spotts Editor 
DAIIEN SCRANTON, AssocIate OpInion Editor 

~ SEeM. Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associafe Festutes EdItor 

8REOG WRENN, Spotts Editor 
__ rr,."..,..., Jenny GeIq. DIn Kraaa. MIIIINW ,,*,-. 1hI1 
RI¥Ie. MicIIMl ScIIwIIU 
aT,."...-.- E ...... C-. Mr1sQ CIrpenIw. -.. H8IvMOn. o.,e 
Jonnson, 1IDIMIIdI1M. WIndr McNI4II. TlIIIwII Mom ....... 1o/IooIIIIr . ..... 
PIk. Ell' RIIIInI. IWII SIuI. Alelll J. ShInn," ...... !hrmIn. lIMn $pIIIIl. 

TRW EnI&In .... Show UCSD 
To EIenIenWy School Chllclr_ 

TRW will be Ilostq more than 300 fourth and fifth 
grade students at UCSD on Nov. 24. The field trip is part 
of the TRW KJDS program, for Kids and Industry Discov-
ering Science, and inwives 20 TRW volunteer engineers 
and scientists who take on the role of teachers for two 
hours every Friday at a nurmer of local elementary 
schools. 

After arriving at UCSO at 10 a.m., the students will 
tour the campus, eat lunch, visit the new Stephen Birch 
Aqu5iumMuseum and see a scene from the current 
Shakespeare play ·Much Ado About Nothing" at the La 
Jolla Playhouse. The TRW YOIunteers will also offer the 
students expertise in their particular field. 

Thursday, November 19, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Experts Argue Benefits of Immigration 
FORUM: UCSD pre-law 
fraternity hosts debate 
about Mexican newcomers 
By ChrIs Jensen 
Guardian Reponer 

A diverse panel of expens 
brought the con tlicts over immigm-
tion policy and the North American 
Free Trade Agreen¥nt (NAFf A) to 
UCSD on Thursday in a discussion 
sponsored by the Phi Delta Epsilon 
pre-law fraternity. 

The debate. entitled "United 
States and Mexico: Trade and Im-
migration - Problems and Solu-
tions." was intended to provide in-
formation on the broad issues of 
trade 3Jld immigration that have 
special relevance here in San Diego. 

The participants disagreed 
sharply on the solutions to the 
longstanding problems of monitor-
ing immigration between the United 
States and Mexico, and their opin-
ionsofthe newly proposed NAFTA 
were equally polarized. 

"Immigration is the number one 
problem we are going to be facing 
[in San Diego County)," said fed-
eration for Americ3Jl Immigration 
RefOnn (FAIR) representative Ben 
Seeley. 

According to Seeley, immigrants 
in Califomia are taking jobs from 
U.S. citizens and draining govern-
ment resources. He called for in-
creased border control funding to 
crack down on illegal immigration 
and for action that would slow the 
eKplosive growth of California's 
population. 

"If we don 't do something right 
now, [the state of California] is go-

ing to have 50 million people 
I within] the neKt few years." Seeley 
said. He cited 3Jl immigration law 
that allows foreigner.> with relatives 
in the U.S. to obtain green cards 3Jld 
assumed that a large percentage of 
those eligible will take advantage of 
the opponunity to enter the U.S. 

Roberto Maltinez. director of the 
United States/MeKico Border 
Project. disagreed with Seeley. The 
Border Project i a human rights 
organization that monitor.> abuses 
by the Border Patrol. 

"lfltheU.S.govenunent]w3Jlted 
to close the border. they could ...... 
said Maninez. " It · not an enforce-
ment issue. It's a social 3Jld eco-
nomic issue." 

While Seeley provided stati tics 
demonstrating the burden immi-
grants place on state and local gov-
ernments. Martinez stressed the 
importance of immi8f3llt workers 
10 the California economy, saying 
that alien workers accept low-pay-
ing, back-breaking work thatAmeri-
can-born workers are unwilling to 
perform. 

"We need to promote the contri-
butions of the immigrants rather 
than spreading half-truths," 
Maltinez said. 

Other panicipants in the six-per-
son panel were: UCSD history Pro-
fessor David Gonzales; Leon Snaid, 
a South AfriC3Jl born lawyer who 
wrote the book Newcomers Guide 
to Living in the USA; immigration 
anorney Elanor Adams: and Presi-
dent of the American Associationof 
Immigration Lawyers Rogelio 
Cuesada. 

Cuesada and Adams joined 

A p P A R E L Z 0 

factory Outfet 
Clothing S tOTes 

. .. from rta'!'l 6raruiS induJing: 
TWEEDS, EXPRESS, 
B.U.M, EQUIPMENT, 
GENERRA, LIMITED, 

OCEAN PACIFIC 
ani many other fine manufacturers 

of tnln 5, w011Iln S ad 
,ftifiren 5 ,fotfling. 

New Selections Weekly 

Pacific BeO(h ' 931 Gamel Ave. · 483-5\50 
o U· 6663 t::I yjon Blvd . • ~60-4370 

,\Ii,.mar • 8250 Camino Sonia F. • 45().332J 
New Loalion Opmu., Soon! 

EscondIdo ' 123M AUIO P&rItw~y 
in lhe f~ndido Prom.nod. 

Martinez in support of immigrants' 
rights. Adams said that Latinos in 
Los Angeles, both new immigr3Jlts 
and Americancitizen . receive fewer 
welfare benefits. are less likely to be 
unemployed. have the lowest infant 
mortality rate 3Jld have a longer life 
expectancy than any other ethnic 
group. 

Snaid focused on the economic 
issues that complicate the U.S. rela-
tionship with Mexico. Although he 
acknowledged problems with 
NAFT A, he likened the agreement 
to"a maniage" - something that is 
not nece sarily perfect but can be 
mutually beneficial. 

Others on the panel expressed 
stronger reservations about the 
agreement. 

Cuesada said he was concerned 
about the environmental damage 
caused by U.S. companies taking 
advantage ofthe lax regUlations on 
the Mexic3Jl side of the border. He 
cited the eKample of 3Jl Americ3Jl 
comp3Jly in Matamoros. a border 
town near Brownsvi lle, Texas. 
which reportedly released pollut-
3Jlts into the city causing"grotesque " 
birth defects to fetuses that were 
exposed to the tOKin. 

After the incident. the American 
comp3Jly simply left. Cuesada al-
leged. 

Gonzales also tried to frame the 
debate in hum3Jlitari3Jl terms. While 
Snaid said that NAFTA is a trade 
agreement rather than a social one, 
Gonzales stressed the need for 
stricter treatment of AmeriC3Jl cor-
porations which take adv3Jltage of 
the Latino labor force on both sides 
of the border. 

N E 

NEW 3 

UCSD Professor May 
Head NASA for Clinton 
By Frenc:\aco DeVrI_ 
News Editor 

UCSD Physics Professor and 
fonner U.S. astronaut Sally Ride 
is reportedly a candidate for Presi-
dent-elect Bill Clinton's appoint-
menttothedirec-
torshipoftheNa-
tional Aeronau-
tics and Space 
Administration 
(NASA). 

CNN hasbeen 
report ing that 
Ride. who also 
serve as the di -
rectoroftheCali-
fomia Space In tilUte at UCSD, is 
an early favorite in the Clinton 
camp to head up thenation 'sspace 
program. 

Clinton spokesperson Dede 
Meyers would not confirm the re-
ports, but said Tuesday that Ride 
is "certainly a talented person ... 
we're juS! nOltalking lists (at th is 
pointJ." 

Meyer.> did confirm that the 
NASA directorship is one of the 
positions that Clinton hopes to fill 
early in his term. 

Ride was frequently brought 
up in Clinton and Vice-President 
elect AI Gore' stump speeches 
during the campaign. particularly 
when Gore was discussing the need 
to continue space research and 
manned space travel. 

Ride had no comment on the 
report. 

Ride became the first Ameri-

canwomanastronautinJune 1983 
when she pent six days in orbit in 
the space shullie Challenger. That 
mi sion was the fir.>t in which a 
satellite was deployed and re-
trieved with the shuttle • s robot arm. 

Ride was also a 
member of the 
Challenger crew 
fora flight in Octo-
ber 1984 and was 
training for a third 
flight when the 
Challenger acci -
dent in January 

ROier Kuo/ GuiW/1Wl 1986 stopped all 
'shullie operations. 

After the Challenger disaster. 
Ride served on the Presidential 
Commission that investigated the 
accident and lateras an assis tant to 
the NASA Administratorfor Long-
Range Planning. 

In 1987 Ride became a physics 
science fellow at the Stanford Uni-
versity Center for International 
Security and Anns Control. 

Ridejoined the UCSD faculty 
as profe!:SOr of physics and direc-
tor of the Cal ifomia Space Insti-
tute three years ago. 

She has wrillen several books. 
including a children's book that 
detailed her adventures in space. 
To Spare and Bark. 

She has twice received the 
Jefferson Award for Public Ser-
vice for her dedication to science 
education. 

ShealsohastwoNational Space 
Flight Medal . 



<1 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO [){VRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAElS. Opinion Editor 

rile ucso c;.,/IIfI,atl Is IlUOhSheCl _e • week """ Urwe<1I\Y 0' tal.forno • • Son Do..., . Con'''''to 
Cl992. _ l"I>,ell«l _ reOtesent the mlJOrily YOte at .... tOitorialOOIIlI . end oro not 

necessonty !hOse at the UC Boord at ReconlS. the ASUCSO. no< .... en~'. GIJ,,,,,.n staN. 

Co-op Saga -1he Final Chapter? 
The ongoing saga belween the co-ops and !he administration may 

have finally been re olved la I week when the two sides reached an 
agreement on tudent organization status. The co-ops signed the 
agreement, which will allow the administration to tran fer re 'ponsibil-
ity and liability for Ihe co-op 10 the A ociated Students (A.S.), but 
they signed it with reservations. 

The co-ops have a right to be unhappy - this wru. not the proposal 
to which they had initially agreed. Thi should come as no survrise. 
TIu-oughout the entire negotiation proces , the admini. tration has 
hown a penchant for changing details after the fact. 

The agreement between the admini tration and the co-ops originally 
called for the University Center Board (UCB) to grant a five-year lease 
to the A.S .. which in tum would be given to the co-op. But Vice-
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson changed the 
agreement to only a yearly renewal of the lease. Furthermore, Wat on 
reduced the amount of time the General Store Co-op could occupy the 
North onference Room (NCR) from three week to two. 

In yet another mystifying move, the administration conlinue to use 
a grievance procedure as levemge against lhe co-op . The procedure 
concern~ the suspension of studenl during the General Store Co-op's 
occupation of the NCR for lextbook sales earlier this quarter. By 
maintaining that this grievance procedure i separate from negotia-
tions. the admini tration is destroying any chance at a permanent and 

~ati factory resolution. 
TIle administmtion's action are underhanded and contrary to 

conducting negotialion in good faith. If these changes to the agreement 
were necessary, then the admini Imtion should have discussed them 
with the co-ops. tn tead, theadmini tr.ttionchosetoaltertheagreement 
after negoliations had been conducted and used the previous threat of 
eviction to make the co-op ign. 

Despite the agreement' s naw ,the co-op agreed to sign, and they 
were wise todo so. Thcadministration 's la t-second changes, although 
in bad faith, are insignificant in the larger picture. The agreement may 
not be perfect, but keeping the co-ops open i of greater importance. 

When Free Speech Isn't Free 
A pall has fallen over the university. The college campus, once a hoc bed 

of political and social discourse, has been afflicted with a 00d case of 
political correctness. There can be no argwnent that free speech in the 
university is no longer as free as it used to be. The proliferation of overly 
restri tive peech codes on campuses acros the nation is but one sign that 
all is not well in the ivory tower. Perhaps a more ominou sign, however, 
is the rising tide of di Juption against speakers espousing a particular 
political point of view. 

Few students may realize that a disruption of exceptional ferocity took 
place on this campus last Spring during an event sponsored by the 
Objectivist Study Group at UCSD. The Objectivists, followers of the 
extremely libertarian philosophy of Ayn Rand, hosted a 1ecture last May 
by Pepperdine University Economics Professor George Reisman. The 
lecture, entitled "Education and the Racist Road to Barbarism," was a 
defense of Western Civilizati n which, according to Reisman, has been 
coming under increased anack recently by proponents of ethnic diversity. 

Whi Ie his detrJCtors hurled cries of racism and sexism at him through-
out his talk, his only crime, apparently, was to criticize multiculturalism. 
For that he was heckled. shouted down and threatened Ultimately, he had 
to be escorted from the Price Center auditorium by police for fear of 
violence. The Objectivists currently have a grievance pending against the 
Intemational Sociali t Qub at UCSD, whom they allege planned the 
disruptions in advance. 

As cliched as it may sound. it is difficult to believe that such blatanl 
disregard for free speech can actually take place on a college campus. The 
university represents an ideal of free and open debare - a microcosm of 
a larger democratic ideal embodied in the FtrSt Amendment of the 
Constitution. 

But, as is often the case, the ideal rarely withstands reality, am so the 
noble principle of free speech has sufferedarnosl ignoble fare in American 
society. It is nevertheless still shocking and disgusting anytime a per.;on is 
threatened with violence for expressing an opinion contrary to that of a 
rowdy mob. 

This blatant di regard for free speech - no maner how odious the 
messagemayhavesoundedtocertainmembersoftheaudience-cannoc 
go unpunished. Administrative complicity in this affair would be no Jess 
than an open endorsement of similar disruptions in the future. If that is the 
case, then students would be well advised to think twice about the opinions 
they voice in public. Obviously, some fonns of speech are less free than 
others. 

The UC 0 Guardian Thursday, November 19, 1992 

TJH. &00. we-w~ 
, .. tbu ,..,.'LY. 

~L"''''Y • 
'-y __ ~"r""';::::::::-

RAISING THE WHITE FLAG IN 
THE WAR ON PoVERTY 

COMMENTARY: Thanks to desnuctive government policies and a misguided 
welfare system, broken homes and shattered dreams are ravaging America's poor 

MATT 

HDBIrm1 

The problem with the Ameri- and succeed. 
can welfare state is not how Poor mothers have a contract in which they agree not 
much it costs, but the damage it to work or get married in exchange for a check ranging 
does. Total federal, state and 10- from $8,500 to $15,000 a year (depending on the state) 
cal welfare spending reached - a scheme which has led welfare analyst Robert Rector 
$2 15billion in I 99O.Thi i more to call this "the incentive system made in hell." 
than twice the money required to Indeed, the single mother has sold her soul to the 
lift every American above the government with the result of less freedom, responsibil-
poverty threshold. ity and little hope for the future.11le truly compassionate 

The federal government has sho\lld look once again at the liberal mantras and con-
over 75 separate welfare pro- sider alternatives to helping the poor. 
granls which provide cash, food, The devastation that the War on Poveny has wrought 
medical assistance, and other has meant a different kind of poor American in the 1990s. 
benefits. 10 the I 950s, 32 percent of all Americans were below the 

Adjusting for inflation, total poveny threshold. In 1990, that nurnberwas 13.5 percent 
welfare pending in 1990 was five ~ ... _ ......... _ of the population. And yet by liberal 
times the level of welfare pending in assumpcions crime should have been 
the mid-'60s when the "War on Pov- higher during the 1950s, but was not. 
eny" began. We have pent $3.5 tril- The face of poverty has changed 
lion (in constant 1990 dollars) ince from a world in which Americans were 
1964. materially poor to a world in which 

We have been told by mo t of the marital and familial stability has suf-
media that the social program of the fered, and the discipline needed to 
WaronPovertywerecutunderRonald succeed has vanished because of de-
Reagan. Yet during the Reagan years structive government incentives. We 
alone, social welfare spending from are poor in ourvaJues and self-respect. 
all sources grew from $650 billion to The single household family has 
$850 billion. The War on Poverty has been encouraged because in the present Rater Kuo/GuMOi.,., 
been simply monstrous. system of welfare, the father is a finan-

The common liberal wisdom was Ind •• ", the ....... cial liability. For instance, if a young 
(and is) that a reduction in material ......... _1OId man making S 10,000 wishes to marry 
poverty would correspond to an in- a mother on welfaretheirjoint income 
crease in the stability, peace and hap- _ ..... to the including welfare benefits falls SO per-
piness of an individual. When applied ~ with cent. And the consequences of this are 
atamassivesociallevel,thehopewith the..-lt of devastating. 
the inception of the War on Poverty -- Broken homes are the source of 
was thai we would virtually eliminate " •• donI, most of the nation's gang members 
poverty and the problems of crime. In ra lpoll ... ty .... and 70 percent of the delinquents in 
other words, the debate today com- juvenile detention centers. Robert 
monly assumes that the problems of hope far the Hutchens of Cornell University found 
the American underclass stems from a tuta.e. that for every 10 percent increase in 
lack of material well-being. To bridge AFOC benefits in a state there was an 
that gap is a noble goal indeed. But what have we gained eight percent decrease in the marriage rate of single 
as a society and a nation from these policies? mothers. 

The answer to this question is very linle. What has Thi i not to say that the every child ofabroken home 
been produced i a pennanent underclass, disincentive to is destined to failure. It means if government welfare 
work and save, rampant illegitimacy and broken homes incentives are one of the sources of stress on the modem 
which leave poor Americans iII-cquipped to compete See WELFARE, Page 5 

Thur day, November 19,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

corA1ENTARY: The singing trees, mesmerized Buddhas and, most of all, 
UC Regents are enough to drive a Triton to drink, It's all a part of ... 

1lIE CURsE OF DC SAN DIEGO 
By Damen ScrMton 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Whoever said "you can', drag a 
good man down" obviously never 
visited the UnivCl)ily ofCalifomia at 
San Diego. I used to be a good man. I 
used to be able to talk without stuUer-
ing. I used to exhibit exemplary social 
skills. I used to be sane. 

I don't know what it is, but this 
school isdrivingmecrazy. I feU asleep 
at a table in the Price Center the other 
day and had the strangest dream ... 

I was walking down that lovely 
path between Starship CUL and the 
Price Center whistl ing the theme song 
from Bonanza. It was a typicaUy beau-
tiful UCSD day. The sun was shining, 
the trees were singing, the Sun God 
was co lorfu lIy demonstrating its male-
dominanceandRevellestudent were 
bitching about humanities. The War-
ren Apanments glimmered on the 
horizon like an Oklahoma state peni-
tentiary on a breezy autumn after-
noon. I was, in general, completely 
happy. 

And I was thir ty - damn thirsty 
- 0 I decided to stroll over to the 01' 
Bull' Eye Tavem for a brew and a 
juke box showtune. I walked up to the 
cashier, pounded my fi ton the counter 
and said "I wanna beer, woman!" 

She was not amused. 
"Dincha hear me?" T asked. "I 

wanna beer. some ale, an ice-cold 
Miller in a tall, dark mug." Her tired 
hazels narrowed and eyed me with 
suspicion. 

"May IhaveaMiller Lite, please?" 
I restated emphatically, wondering if 
she was having difficulty understand-
ingme. 

But she wouldn't budge, staring 
me down with a look of anticipated 
satisfaction. She meticulously opened 
her outstretched hand and gestured 
toward the wallet that I had prema-

WELFARE: We 
need a new approach 
to fighting poverty 
ContInued from .... 5 
family we would do well to rethink 
the system our nation uses to help the 
disadvantaged. A UniversityofWash-
ington study found that for every $200 
per month increase in welfare ben-
efits per family, there was a concur-
rent rise of teen-age illegitimacy by 
150 percent. 

The second lesson from the fail-
ures of the War on Poverty is that a 
person's actions and values are vital 
to success. 

[n the past, the Ii fe otmost Ameri-
cans has been one of material poverty 
below the standards at which most of 
the American poor live today. The 
lowest fifth of income earners has a 
higher economic consumpcion than 
the median family of 1955 (The pov-
erty threshold is $12,675 for a family 
of four.). 

But according to the 1990 Census, 
those in this catagory have a1rnost the 
same average level of consumption of 
protein, vitamins and other nuttienlS 
as their middle class counterpal1s. 

Cbildren who are living in poverty 
are more likely in the 1990s to grow to 
be one inch taller and 10 pounds 
heavier than the average child of the 
19SOs. Actually. the grea&cst chal-
lenge for the poor is obesity. 

As serious as everyone knows the 

Roeer Kuo/GUWd,SfI 

"Where I come from, w. cIon't need no 
ldenllncatlon to get a 
mea.1y .... of beer." 
turely slapped on the counter. Instinct 
told me she wanted to see some iden-
tification. 

"Where I come from, we don't 
need no identification to get a measly 
glass of beer." [showed hermy hand-
gun. '''This here's usually plenty." 

That was when he called the po-
lice. 

But he didn't ju t pick up the 
phone and call the police. She dropped 
to the ground, covered her head and 
tarted screaming "Oh myGod! Help! 

Help! Police! He's got a gun! " 
Quite a bit of commotion en ued, 

and J took that opportunity 10 slip OUI 
the front door and into an Aegean sea 
of Revlon and Ray-Bans. [ saw a 
deputy mosey into the tavern a few 
minutes later, but the short, claw-like 
ann of the UCSD law was no match 
forme. 

Now, this is where it gets weird. 
I read Jim Morrison poetry for 

about 20 minutes and when [looked 
up from the book there was this girl 
sitting across the table staring right 
thrOtlgh me. 

"What's your name?" he asked. 

problems of poverty are, the most 
serious difficulty is helping bring 
about better behavior and elevating a 
person's horizons. We should know 
by now that the incompetence of gov-
emment accomplishes these tasks 
abysmally. It is the family, the neigh-

UlIfortunateIy, W8 
hay. accepted 
hook, ....... 
.. .. _ the bel., 
that during the 
R ..... ' ..... 
lOCI .. ......... 
took. beatllC-
Andthls .... .... 
IIIMYto .... V. 
that more money 
Is the .... _ to 
the developments 
that .. the 
,.,.st .Ipact of 
AmMca. 
borhood, churches, synagogues and 
clubs that assist the individual in at-
taining these goals. 

Responsibility, discipline and fam-
ily input are necessary to success. 
And the welfare system that destroys 
these goods should be held account-
able for much of the danger and fear 

"What's yours?" I an we red. 
"I have a broken leg," she aid. 
"Did it hurt?,' 1 replied. 
"I got hit by a disabled tudent 

services vehicle that was taking ome-
one wilh a broken leg to cia ," he 
aid. 

"They're out to get you,"l aid 
"They're out to get you," he re-

peated. 
"Sometime I think the regents 

tole my brain. II used to be hert," I 
said quietly, rai ing the gun to my 
temple. "And now it' gone and I 
can't even write my own name. 
Bubble , bubbles, bubbles . .. .. 

There was a painstaking pause in 
the conversation before the girl leaned 
acro s the table and whi pered, "Are 
the televisions set?" 

"You, too?" [ asked, etting the 
gun on the table. 

"Walch more TV," she nodded. 
"It' great. The Buddhas do." 

"Will do," J said and he got up 
and hobbled into the crowd whistling 
the theme from 80Ilal1:a. 

I woke up in a cold weat with Ihe 
criss-cross pattem of an iron table 
embedded in my forehead and a pool 
of slobber on the cover of my litera-
ture folder. The guy to my left mut-
tered something aboul freaks as he 
gathered his belonging. 

I decided that the bestlhing 10 tlo 
was go home and sleep. 111al usually 
works for me. I hurried over to my 
Subaru wagon, which was parked at a 
meter in front of the Registrar's Of-
fice. The parking ticket was $23 that 
day, but [ didn't pay it. [n fact, I 
havcn'l paid a parking ticket since 
because I know deep down inside thaI 
this chool is going to drive me to a 
mental ho pital before long and then 
[won 'Igiveadamn how much money 
[ owe the Parking Services Office. 

So there. 

that accompany every person who 
walks a street at night. 

With the liberal assumptions of 
the 1960s thoroughly discredited, re-
fonn that encourages work, saving 
and marriage is necessary. 

In fact, if we are smart and caring 
society we should encourage these 
things. People should be required to 
work while on welfare and encour-
aged to save. 

Irresponsible behavior should dis-
qualify the recipient. The incentives 
for additional children should be re-
moved, with mothers infonned that 
benefits will be lost with additional 
children. And there should be no pen-
alty for marriage. 

[f we wish to go beyond the mere 
mire of these old, failed policies, we 
should begin by treating our fellow 
human being as a responsible and free 
person. 

To help someone implies that one 
look at his or her predicament and not 
just accept the bumper sticker pana-
ceasofthe past that say we just haven't 
spent enough. Unfortunately, we have 
accepced hook, line and sinker the 
belief that, during the Reagan years, 
social programs took a beating. 

And1his has lead many to believe 
that more money is the answer to the 
developments that are the ugliest as-
pect of America. The falsity of this 
view endangers the poor in this coun-
try with another wave of spending 
thai could wreak additional havoc on 
the stability of life. 

I 
I 

OPINION 5 

ON SERVICE Be REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's 
IC 
M!1!III'.1: 

~ Moster Mechanics 
==== exclusively VW and AUDI 

1870 Miramar Road • 410-9494 
Air & W,t.r Cooled· WlinttllInee Services· Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines. Gas & 01l1li • Electrical· C[utch ... Brlk ... VI/VIS 

N A I L 

Loccied In the Autoport Moll • Miramar 
NeXl Door 10 Discount lie 

EXPIRES AllHE END Of FAll SEMESltR 1m 

SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 
TIp Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15' New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures 30 Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

"1ta.i/.4, 4-f1~ MEN AND WOllEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560'()325 • 560-5081 
NOt valid Wltn ..,y 01110< ONOf5 

detachable day """" & tanny paca 
","", 111600129 99 Sale pllce • 

When It comes to 
travel accessories ... 

we've gol'emll1 

The "Sun" is always Ir.-m 0_ -ran 
shining at ex • I 

2TANS$:[ 
One for you, One for a friend 

'AnI time clients only with this coupon 1crJ', I11JIIEM1 
Lose 6" Guaranteed 

European Body Wra~nly $48 
DI5CO"'" on all 

. ces &. products se~\l1 ucSD • 

--------------------

30TAN DAYS$29 
CAn lord.tatl. · 2nd 30 ron dovs $39.99. 2 monrh minimum. With coupon ""tV. Exp. 'VIm. 

ARE YOU CONSIDERING 
~ ACAREERIN 
.. PUBLIC HEALTH? 
Marisa Cortez, Director of the Health Careers 

Opportunities Program, UCLA School of Public 
Health, will be at the Price Center (Santa Barbara! 

Los Angeles Room) on 
FmDA~NOVEMBER2mh 

11:45 8.rn to 12:30 p.rn 
She will give a short talk about the program at UCLA 

and answer questions. 
Sponsored by the HelJlth Care-Socia/Issues Program 

Questions: 534-1704 

I 
I 



6 NEW 

710wers de 9ifis 
Costa verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

3n Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

Kaniea 

5¢ 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
. Ith ~,-h.uc oi SIO llr"" ltt" 

'I"\~~ .. lth.,.., I Chi..'f Uffl.-T 
f> .. 1!/JJ91 

FAX 

• 

25¢ 
COPIES SEND OR RECEIVE 

Over 1 ()() COpt 3.5r one SIded, self I 
serve. 8.5 x 11 only while or colored L,mll I 0 Pa~ 

paper Based on M ailabil,ty I Phone charg xlra 
--------T--------

OFF 25 %OFF 
UPS SHIPPING 

Li n1ll J Boxes 

MOVING BOXES 
and SUPPLIES 

. " 
2 LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU 

8070 Lllon. Shofo Drivt 
LI Iolt.. CA 92031 
!'hoM: 4S4-8488 
F.u: 4.4-4112 

Per Couple 

5 DAYS 
4 NIGHTS 
Call 203/295-6101 

Mon. - Fri. 9:30-9:30 Sat 1(}3 

E. F. Goodma" Corporatt T, 
MArlborollgb ProJmiOfl4I (till" 

MarlborOll9b. CT 06447 

7n7 Fly AvtrIIIt. Suite K 
h Jolt.. CA 92007 
1'IIoM: 4S4-3131 
Fu: 4S4-4S23 

The UCSD Guardian 

AeSe MEETING NOTES 
UC8 T ......... Ad-. - The UnNefsity Center Board (lICB) is filing a 
lawsuit against the university in order to retain Independant legal counsel 
with its own funds. The board will hire an attorney with fIms borroWed from 
the C()()j)S. A.S. President Mike Holmes said in his report that he "voted for 
retaining WI attorney and the rWht for the uce to use its funds to do so." 
However, he abstained from the decision of taking a ~ from the co-ops 
because he was "concerned with the ramifications (the 10M] could heM! 
with the board's future relationship with the coops." "It seemed to me, " he 
continued, "(that I since a meiOr portion of the board's lUJes '"':'Dive anc:! 
potentially benefit the coops, there may fWise some conflict of interest. 
Despite his abstention, the decision passed. 

.-AC eIFe ...... A referenda Question for special election concern-
ing the cMCe11at1on of the Recreation, Intramural, Athletic and Event 
(RIMAC) student fee was proposed in new business by Third College Senator 
Brian Fischer. According to the referenda, the $70 per quarter fee "will not 
directly serve the mission of the University of California, and is therefore an 
inappropriate undertaking in such times." Two questions may be placed on 
the ASlICSD election ballot under this referenda. The first asks whether tile 
RIMAC fee should be cancelled and the second asks if a 57 fee should be 
assessed "to cover any financial obligations thus Incurred" by RIMAe. The 
matter will be voted on during the next A.S. meeting in two weeks. 

All, Malnt I RIll: 
oJohn Barnes as Revelle representative to the A.S. Personnel Committee 
oMia Kitago as Muir representative to the A.S. Rules Committee 
oBree Segel as Public Relations Research Manager through the end of the 
1992·93 academic year 
oRuthje Estrada as A.S. representative to the Academic Senate Represen-
tative Assembly 
oRuthie Estrada as A.S. representative to the Academic Senate Committee 
on Educational Pol icy 

-By ElaIne c.mu.o, Staff Writer 

T 
november 21st 
u 

Scrabble 
n 

Gameroom 
m 

Price Center 
n w 
t e 

I 
Hours Op~n: 

Mon - Fr.: 

PRICE 
CENIER 

9:00 am to 11:00 pm 
Saturday: 

Noon to 11:00 pm 
Sunday: 

v 
e 
n 
o 
o 
n Noon to 8:00 pm Phone: 534-5390 

GAME 
DDM 

f Spiritso/ 
~a\t't Gel'll1~ 

Natural Light 
$39~2_pack 

+ tax &: CRV 0 while supplies last 

Happy Thanksgiving! 
455-1414 

3251 Holiday Court 0 La Jolla 
(aeroll from EI Torito) 

Sunday-Thursday: Bam to 12am 0 Friday & Saturday: Bam to 211m 
Opan regular hours on Thanksgiving Day, 

Thundey, November 19, 1992 

CO-OPS: 
Suspensions loom 
over students 
ContInued from ..... 1 
ing their possible suspension with 
their dean. 

"It will give the student an ~ 
ponunity to discuss allegations in 
an informal discussion, and then 
[they are) entitled to a fonnal hear-
ing, Out of respect of the Student 
Right to Privacy Regulation, [J am) 
not able to discuss the status of 
[each) specific case. The lude", 
would have to give prior written 
consent 10 disclose any infol1lUl-
tion," he said. 

According to UCB Chair Chris 
Burnett, the UCB, the Associated 
Students and the Graduate Student 
Association (G,S,A.) believe that 
"[the) stuclents should not be held 
responsible for their action, and no 
disciplinary action should be taken 
against the students." 

A,S. President Mike Holme 
agreed. "There's definitely some 
confusion [about) whetherthe board 
had the power to do what it did. 
[Since) the university admits there's 
misunderstanding, it makes no sense 
(0 threaten their academic careers," 
he aid. 

The possible suspension of the 
students is being consiclered as a 
separate case and is not included in 
the current C(H)P proposal, accord-
ing to Corpuz. 

The AS, has yet to agree to the 
negotiated arrangement, which 
would allow the General Store C0-
op to sell textbooks in the NCR for 
one week prior to the beginning of 
the quarter and for the first two 
weeks of each quarter. The A.S. met 
with its lawy.er in regards to the 
agreement yeste.rday. 

RIMAe: Last 
ditch effort to halt 
construction of facility 
ContInued from ..... 1 
when Sludents voted on the $70 per 
student fee increase needed to build 
it 

1be A,S, will consicler a pro-
posal to place the question of can-
celling RIMAe on the ballot in its 
next meeting in two weeks. 

1be proposal, submined by A.S. 
Third College Senior Senatorrepre-
sentative Brian FISCher, would place 
two questions on the ballot 

1be first question asks whether 
students the construction should be 
cancelled and the second whether a 
$7 fee should be added in place of 
the RlMAC fee to cover any finan-
cial obligations incurred in halting 
the project. 

According to UCB Chair Chris 
Burnett, many Sludents were op-
posed to the sports facility at the 
time of the vote. TheproposaJ passed 
by less than two percent. 

Burnen said that the problem is 
not with the facility itself, but with 
the "completely unjust" nwmer in 
which the administration promoted 
it before the election. 

He also said that the administra-
tion was clearly "in violation of 
student grievance procedures "when 
it refused to allow a re-vOIe on the 
referendum after the student gov-
ernment accused the administration 
of unfair election practices. 

If built, the $34 million sports 
complex will be located just north 
of the San Diego Supercomputer 
Center, next to the Mile High Field. 

==Ne ..... 
"Mol.aD D DewIM 

.................. ...., 

Thursday, November 19,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Marshall Plan: A New Look 
SEASON CFB&t 
Tritons fiK:e Ckcidental 
ayo,..Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It's a whole new 
bal\game for the 
UCSD men's bas-
keIbaI.I team as they 
iet SCI 10 kick off 
the 1992-93 season 
tomorrow at home 
against Occiderul. 

"You're going 
to see things this year !hat you've never 
seen before," promised Head Coach 
Tom Marshall, "It's a new look forus." 

Considering the Tritons' success last 
season. it's hard to believe MarshalJ 
would Wld to change the formula that 
helped his team win 17 games in a row 
in route 10 a berth in the NCAA tourna-
mcnt. 

But MarshaJJ likes what he sees so 
far from his club. "We should have as 
much ability as last year's team. No 
superstarli, but the team is JlR'UY equal 

. across the line. We may have as much 
depth this year as we've ever had," 
Marshall said. Dan 

The Tritons were a stingy lot last 
year, holding opponents under70poim 
a game, but the coach thinks this squad 
could be even more miserly, 'Thismay 
be our best defense ever. We've got 
even more speed and quickness on the 
comers than last year," Marshall ex-

p�ained. 

Andy Swindall wi! be a key element for this year's Triton squad, 
crucial to the team. we've ever had here," Milrshall said. 

At 6-7, Spence is a rarity at two- Halte is the shO!1eSl of the four, 
guard, and his heighl is something of standing 6-5. At 6-6, 220 Ills., Swindall 
which Marshall fully inlends 10 take is the designated t:ruiSer of the group, 
advcutage. Once Spence gets healthy, while the 6-6 Moore should lead the 
that is. The senior suffered a broken team in scoring. 
hand and is expected to miss anodIer With the grnduarionofDarvin lack-

Individually, the Tritons will have 
plenly ofexperiencein the SIalting Jineup. 
Seniors John Spence, Brad Halle, Ouis 
Moore and Andy Swindall will be 
counted on to provide the leadership 

two 10 three weeks. son. the point guard duties fall to jwtior 
InSpence'splacewillbejuniorErik Rodney Lusain. Lusain saw extensive 

Johnson, and UCSD isn 'I expecting too playing time last year despite being 
many problems with that switch. Jackson's OOckup, bul this season is a 
"[Johnson) may be the best pure hooter See HOOPS, Page 9 

I'll TALL (5'11", 110) WITH HAZEL 
EYES IW1d • te.lkJI 01 I*lndisIl curts. I 
_ my Ips nod IW1d keep my ., wtiIe. 
My body is QJNy end not • or l1li. I'm not 
aIhI8Iic. but enjov almOst any acti\IIties. 
I'm kind 01 quiet (thoughtIuIlOm8 say), 
but not -"I 001_ ....... I lie 10 IisIan 
lIS rnuct1 IS I lie to IIIIk. You maIca me 
laugh. and I will rnaIce you smile. BOX 
16'45 
I WNn TO MEET YOU (8OY wm41he 
IPW" boIIII whO is taA*Ig 1iI_.-y 
time I _ tjrn). ~ you'" him. HI. I've 
noIiced thII you drirI< c:otIIIe in the mom· 
ingS. Gal my box end II'e next one's on 
me. IIOXM99 
IIY NAIIE IS DEaIlIE. I am new in 
lown and I like 10 hike, bike and be 
outdoors . Let's get together. BOX 
'8112 
I'll LISA. I hkll 10 go 10 dance CIuI)s 
and I'm into modern rock , muscles, 
jokes and passionate people. II you 
are _'8 & 22, caM BOX.3080 

and a caring person. I am not Into 
meeting people In bars. I am lOoking 
fotward to !dUng to youl BOX.003' 
IIEV, I' YOU WANT, someone won· 
detlul, call my 110. nowl eo. 10038 
HI, I'll JUDY AND I will r"urn all 
calls. Take a cl\ance. 80.10047 
I'll KATE. I WANT A CIIAZY 1I0Y 
who can dance all night It you have 
Ihe energy . give me a call. Bo. 
116372 

TALL IIIKER WITH LONG aRoWN 
hair IW1d bIoMl eyes aeeks an advIdJr-
CUI girl to spOIl. I _ a 101 01 IIee lime. 

IIOX~ 
HEY, GIVE ME A CALLI We WII have 
lots 0I1un togetherl Try someone new 

You~l b8~. BOX.2180 

I'M NEW IN TOWN AND WANT TO 
IIEET PEOPLE-AnY se •. nalion-
ality or relig ion . Looking tor 
triends. Box •• 272 
Itemember, you cen press Ihe II 
sign on your Touch Tone phone to 
skip ahead. 
MEET SOMEONE NEW on Ihe 
TrilonTel Personals todayl 
Rememller, you un press the' 
sign on your Touch Tone phone to 
Skip ahead 

PHONE 

~ 

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 
AHEAD 

PORTS 7 

UCSD Seeks to Make a 
Splash this Season 
..... a DMNCt 17 All-Americans pace Tritons 
ByG ..... Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

If it was up to UCSD swimming 
Head Coach Doug Boyd. the Tritons 
would skip the reguJar season. 'The 
dual meets are jUSl a chance to practice 
'our races; what we're really aiming for 
are the conference and NCAA meets 
at the end of the year," Boyd said. 

As a Division m powerhouse, the 
Tritons have the firepower to take that 
philosophy. Corning off of last year's 
season that saw boIh the men and 
women take second-place honors at 
the narionaJ meet to perennial cham-
pion Kenyon, UCSD has recruited 17 
new swimmers to join the 17 returning 
AU-Americans. And those new faces 
are expected to make an immediate 
impact 'They're all probable All-
Arnericans," Boyd said. 

The Tritons kicked off their season 
in Arizona facing Arizona State on 
Satw'day and then Northern Arizona 
on Sunday. Despite losing both meets, 
Boyd was impressed with how far his 
team has come early in the season. 
"We're ahead of last year's team and 
ahead of schedule," Boyd said "[t's 
taken us two years to get focused, and 
we're getting better III it every year." 

Despite boasting only 14 mem-
bers.thewomen'steamhasmoredepth 
than last year' squad. The leam's 
practiceschedu lehasalready paid divi -
dends as senior Sabrina lorn qualified 
for the NCAA meet in the 200-yard 
butterfly, shaving two seconds off of 
her personaJ record. "I've never seen 

anybody make the cui so early. Tn the 
fust meet, that's preny increrlible," Boyd 
said. 

Team captains Allison Dunn and 
Jocelyn Rothbard as well as senior 
Connie Romero will also be expected 10 
give the Tritons some leadership, 

But Boyd is counting on the rest of 
the team to keep up, "For both the men 
and the women, I don't look to any one 
peISOI1. It takes a lotalleam effoll and 
everybody is equal," the coach said. 

Laurie Boyd, Michelle Feigenbaum 
and Dustin Matthew are all new team 
members who could make an immedi-
ale splash. 

llle Triton men return two-time de-
fending 200-yard lxickstroke national 
champion Tmvis Miller, but Boyd sees 
a different role for the senior. "He's 
going 10 start swimming in different 
events, helping OUI in the relays which 
are the most im portant part of the meet," 
Boyd explained. 

John Flowers, who placed second in 
both the 50- and I OO-yard fTeestyles at 
last year's national , is another return-
ing star for UCSD. He will bejoinedby 
newcomers such asjuniorcollegetrans-
fer Mike McNeff,MikeJefferson, Andy 
Hollywood. and Aaron Russ. Boyd 
says that "(HollywoodJ could be up 
there with [Miller] after a while." 

A large part of the Tritons' success at 
last year's NCAA meet was provided 
couJ1esy of the diving team. The team 
was the rmit in history 10 place four 
divers in the lOp eight in both the one-

See SWIM, Page 9 

IlATIOUl TICIET FIllERS 
.. c..... ...... - ... 
____ 0 FAIlISY TRAVEL 

PACKAGES WITH 
$TUOm OISCOUITS 11% __ .01_ 

Welcome to our nillonil tickel 
tinder service . You can call and 
reserve concerl IIckels , sporting 
event tickets and thealre IIckets 
by us i ng your v isa or checking 
account or money order. So call 
and reserve your tickels loday. 
We h.ve U2, Mlchlel J.cklon, 
Bruce Springsleln and many more . 
Call ' Campus Connection ' to 
re ce i ve your 10% Oiscoun l. 
(Message 111) 
We h.ve all NaA, NFL, Nallon.1 
Ind American League Baseball . 
NHL . and all major college sport · 
ing events. If there IS a glmle you 
want to see we will get you tickets 
for you or your group. Please use 
Ihe pessword -Campu s 
Connection ' to receive your' 0% 
discount. ~Message '2) 
We oll.r IIcket re.ervellon ser· 
vice for all National Thealre par -
formances . Ballel. Symphony and 
all Ma jor Plays for every Major 
City . Please ment ion your pass· 
word · Campu s Connecl ion " to 
rece i ve your to % dlscounl. 
(Message U ) 
Remember, you Cln press the ~ 
sign on youl Touch Tone phone to 
skip ehead. 

Welcome to our Nallonal Trovel 
Serv ice . We otter student an d 
Alumni O,scounls . We have 10% 
off or more on Major Ai rl i ne 
Ticket s. HOlel Reservallons and 
Rani A Cars. We have spe Ci al SIU· 
denl packages tor Hawaii , Mexico, 
Disneyland and Disneyworld. 
Let UI bring your lantasy to il le l 
Call us about Spring Break Trips. 
Romantic Gelaways and Cru ises . 
We can arrange every aspect 01 
your triP, fncludlng Limousine and 
Calsring. 

CINDY, ME A TALL ItLONO whO likes 
to hike. camp and .atch the slars. 
You, tall. _ , romantic Ind a coot 
00IMIIIIbIe wouIdn' hurt. 80. tIOOO6 
PAIl, CAll AHD LOW )'QUI' rumber 
IW1d we can t .... person 10 person. eo. 
10009 

HI, THIS IS IIARK . I am 25 and 
new to Ihis campus as a grad stu· 
den!. I am looking for a lady who 
enloys being . Ined , d i ned and 
romanced . II you apprec iate Ihe 
tiner th ings In IlIe, leave me a 
m •••• ge and w. " ill go Irom Ihere 
and see whal happens BOX '8992 
!lY NAIIE IS RICK AND I 'm into 
tennis and goll and hoi babes. I'm 
six fOOl , slim. sHong and blond. 
Let's rock I Bo •• 5226 

TICKET 
X-ING 

MEET SOMEONE NEW on I he 
TrilonT81 Pelsonals today l 

PUCE YOUR AD FREE! 
SEE YOUR AD IN PRINT 

NEXTWEEIe! 
SEE OUR AD FORM IN 

THE PAPER. I'll lEltEIA. I'm outQOIng, lrtendIy 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SKYDIVE TODAYI WIth SkydIVIng ADVEN· 
TURES. Inc $20 student dIscount 800·526· 
9682. (1015· 1213) 
Euphon. BBSI WIiCleell 11 conterences. 
vanous downloadable liles FREE 30 min. 
da,ly time. Modem. 558·7t04 . (tI/2·1/4193) 

SWAMI CtlNMAYAHANDA speaI<i1g on 1lw 
VlIIOn 01 Vedlntl: III logic end PrKtIeIIIIy,-
Fodey. Noll. 2O.7:3l-8:3lp.m • Peternon Hal and 
Sa1uday. Noll 21 7:3>-8.30 pm .. Pros ee.-. 
He i6 a WOIId renowned autlonIy on 1h8 &OI\lCu'es 
on India. espoaaIy hi Bhagavad OM and the 
4Janishads He IS also a btIoant speak« who 
knows how r;, maI<e 1h8 ;n:oent tBa<:iWlgs come 
aMI on !he modem age. 
Vedllnlashows that happiness does no! ill 0\.CSIda 
you IlIA WChin you. llwough ratoorQl analySIS. 
VedIInIa litis the vei 01 ognorance to 0VIIeIII1h8 "'"Y 
sourt8 01 f\.ftrnerI - youwI. AI'! undefstan(lng 
01 Veda",a I9aCIs you 10 approcate hll8actwlgS 
01 aI!he major reigionsolthe wor1d. f'resenI8CI by 
Sangam and ClWmaya Inlem800nat Foun:iItion. 
Mnission Free. (11119) 

adverti ers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
rece sion-bu ting bargain . 
Thank for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) 
Faormal(s .... . 
La Sandale ........ . 

UCSD EATS 

... 4503323 
2220220 

.. . .4881134 

BJ 'S Pizza .4550"62 
Dommo's ...... .. ...... 452·UCSD 
Grand Slam P,zza 453·0286 

UCSD AUTO 
C & D Auto 558·2436 
Overseas Aulo .. • ... 695- 1990 
Robert·s. ...... .275·1132 
Tom's . ....... 4509494 
Costa Verde Car Wash 587·4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
We Care Haor ............... 587cun 
Young Altitudes ........... 457 ·3334 
Nalls by Jenni fer ........ 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD B,ke Shop ......... 534·4279 
Being Fit ............... 4839294 
Family Planning 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr Sanford. DDS ......... 477·4945 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSICal Eye ............ 452· 7374 
Eyes of La Jolla .... .597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279·5858 
Sears Optical ................ 455·5795 
VISion Care .................... 578·6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693· 1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450· 1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
CounCil Travel .............. 452·0630 

UCSD TESTING 
Hypertearning ............... 455·1 000 
MCA T Review ........... ... 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
Del Mar Sluft Pizza ..... .481 ·STUFT 
Torrey's ........ ................ 587·1 4 14 
Volleybar & Grill .......... 270·7860 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ..................... 452·9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226· 1 733 
Kinkos ......................... .457-3775 
Mailboxes. Etc. U Shores .. 454·8488 
Name of Ihe Game (Comocs) 274·GAME 
SI. Germaln's ............... 455· 1414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457· 1007 

The o Guardian 

UASSIFIEDS 
C/ossifiR.datlvertWngisso/din1S-wonJincmnenls.Theraleper1Swordsis$1forstudenls 
(for persotwl use only), $3 for faculJy and sIIIJ/, and $4 for others. PaymenJ in advance is 
required; therefore, ads I1IlS be moiled with a ch«k (mode payable to The UCSD 
Guardian) or presenkdinperson. Deadlinesare 3 pm. ThursdayforMonday's issue,and 
3 pm. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to ~ any 
adverlisingincludingbutnoilimitedtocompanionshipads. Formoreinfonnotionmll534-
5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian,A1tn: CItmijWs, 95OOGilmtmDrive, 0316, fA 
JoIIiJ, CA 92093-0316. Acllllll address: StudenJ Cen/er A, top floor. 

" MAlCOL .. x: DlSPELUNG THE MYTH-
- Nov. 19. 7 p.m .• Price Center Ballroom 
Come to understand the man and his true 
message. SponSOfed by MSA S AASU S 
ASUCSD. (11116· 11119) 

IT'S NOT TOO LA TEll Active Students lor 
Kids is stll accepllng applications lor our tUlor· 
Ing program Come by the Volunleer 
Connec1oin oHa or call 534- 1414. (11 /19) 

FESTIVAL OF SHORT FILMS. Nov 19·29 
only. La Jolla Museum of Contemporaoy Art. 
Andaluslan PlClures' 2nd InternatIOnal. 700 
Prospect. 454·3541 IXI. 126. (11 /19-1 t123) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMERMANAGEMENTINTERNSHIPS.MosI 
po5ItIOnS filed by NcJy. Gain val elCp. manaoono 6-
8~.CUSlt:lmefS.and~ Avg earn 
rgs 6-16.000.. Cal '\JrwersIty Paontlng Pros ' 
1nb'8Rli Ca11800-525-SSn (912 1 1213) 
Earn $500·51000 weekly stullong envelopes. 
FordetaJls- RUSH51 WIth SASE to:GROUP 
FIVE. 57 Gre ntree DrlYe, SUIte 307. Dover. 
DE 19901 (10/8· 11119) 
PAID MANAGalENTINTERNSHP. Geln ..... 
ketlng. sa .. , customer 18fV1ce, production, 
aeoountlng WIth Itlo longeSt proven tradI t'IKXlf'd 
W gwran 52.500 on compensa1lOr1 W1f1 vast 
opportUnity lor more. Cal Student WorI<s Paflllng 
(Iormerty SbJdentPal'lterS) 1-800-394~ l.m 
ned posruons ( 1 0112·2/8193) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 
$2.000 •. month + world travellHawail. Me .. ",. 
the Camboan. etc.) Holiday. summer, and 
career employmenl available No expenance 
necessary For employment pt'ogram call I 
206·634 ·0468 ext C5976. (1115· 1 1123) 
General OHI08 help needed PIT and FIT. 
Typing and computer skills prelerred Apply In 
person Diva Flowers. 8750 Genessee Av· 
enue San Doeoo. CA 92122. (Costa Verde 
Cenler- UTC area.) (1 1112· 11 /19) 

Deliveoy drivers needed PIT and FIT. Knowl· 
edge of San Diego area. Good driving record, 
own vehICle prelerred. Apply ,n person. Oiva 
Flowers. 8750 Genessee Avenue. Costa 
Verde Center. UTC area. (11112·11119) 

Invesunents·Sales. Presl\igious La Jolla oIiices 
see!I aggreSSIVe. money mOlMlted graduates 
lor brokerposillons. Excalent training andgrowth 
opportunity. Top broilers earn t $SDK (comm.) 
lirstyear. Mr. Marcus. 554· t211. (11116' 11130) 

EARN EXTRA INCOME READING BOOKSI 
$100 or more per tJ1Ie. Amazong 24 hOur 
recorded message rtvlals deta,ls. S30.000 
per year Income potential. Cau (61 9) 595· 
3999 EXT: 057A (11116·1/4193) 

POSTAL J08S AVAlLABLEt Many posl· 
tions. Great benelits. Call 1·800·333·3737 
ext. P·3387. (I " 16' 1213) 

SERVICES 
Olga ean - Eleetrologlst: 1200 to 1500 hairs 
per hOur. 3788 Elliott St Student disoounts. 
226·1962. (9121 , 1213) 
VlOliniVIola lessons. You or your ehild(ren) 
can learn Irom an experienced, pt'olessional 
teacher. Now accepbng Sludents - all ages 
and levels welcomel Call Conrad: 466·0525. 
(9121·1213) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New al Cal Copy. 
Only $5 95whlie you wait Xeroxesandmore 
Near SI. Germaln's 452·9949. (10112·1213) 

QUALITY BARBERINGII La Jolla Barber 
Shop. Ouailly Barber. Hair Cuts. sa. 7760 
Faye Ave SUIte F. 459·5792. (10129·1213) 

EDITORIAL - To help organIze your wrIting. 
MargInal commentsiflnal coptes Degree In 
English Joan 560· 1 63 I 11 112·1 .4193) 

Do you need an on·campus notary public? II 
so. call 587·79 t 1 11 1 '2·613193) 
Word ProcesslngfTypong' AcademIC manu· 
scnpts. papers. theses. books. leners. appll ' 
calton • . l\(:curalelFastsarvlC8. Mary Ann 452· 
9439. (11 /5· 1 213) 

MACINTOSH SERVICES: Troubleshooting. 
repairs. tralmng. upgrades and accelerators 
lor mOSI Maclnlosh models. Save btg over 
bookstore/dealer pnceS. 10 years experience. 
on,slte sarvlCB available. Call the experts at 
ERICTRONICS. 581 ·2339. (1"5·1 1119) 

Editing : proolreading. comments. Tuloring: 
writing. math. English. Tesl preparation. Ex· 
perienced. reasonable. Call 294-4860/584· 
4708. (1 1112· I 213) 

French Student gives classes (grammar. con· 
versation. literature). CaU: 622·0929. Ask for 
Sonia or leave message. (11/12·1 1119) 

Word processslng/typmg/graphics. Fast and 
accurate. Campus pick·upand delivery avail· 
able. Call 670·8644 today l (11 /19) 

INTRODUCING A NEW COURSE 
WINTER 1993 

Economics 10, Markets 
Prof. Machina, Prof. Starr 

This is an Introductory course (no prerequisites) designed to inlroduce 
you to the US economy and to economics. We'll treat a variety of lopics 
chosen for topical interest. Here's a sample: 
The STOCK MARKET. What makes it go? Can you make money there? 
Why? How? Is it Vegas wearing a necktie? 
Your EDUCATION-is it an investment? What kind of payoN does it 
provide? 
INCOME and WEALTH-Who has it? Why? 
Is JAPAN performing a leveraged buyout on the USA? Bener Yokohama 
than Detroit? 
Economics of illicit DRUGS. Can you tell who's winning the war on drugs 
from the price of cocaine? Is the DEA your dealer's best friend? 
What's the price of a fresh kidney for a transplant? Should you be able to 
buy and sell HUMAN ORGANS? 
Economics of the ENVIRONMENT. Will clean air cost you a good job? 
RECESSION, GROWTH, UNEMPlOYMENT-where do they come from? 
How bad are things now? How good have they been? What can 
Washington do? ~~~~:::-"'-

VCR REPAIR: Free estimates plus student 
discounts. Factory tralnedlecnniden wiIh over 
20 yean; experience. On·1ite .. "'oce avail · 
eble in IoeaJ erea. Phil. 452·8490. (11/t9-1 II 
23) 

WANTED 
Top InatruetonOnly, ~ Bio, Chern, or 
PhysICS. Grads, PostClOcs. ACljunets w/great 
evals. call for pit or IiIleaehing oppoItUnities. 
Hyperleaming. 1·900·/W3·4973. (11/9·1 1123) 

$1 OIhOur. Students who will be undergoing 
dental anesthesia. plea .. call brain/pen)ep. 
tion lab, UCSD 1534·6240 (11/9·11130) 

Singer wanted for hard original ahernalNe 
reek band. Male or lemale. Call Man 792· 
4196 (11112·11 /19) 

Bass playerlsinger needed for regressive 70s 
garage band. Love 01 weasels a plus. Orlgi· 
nals & covers Beatles. Zap influence. Con· 
tact Tony at 452·3236 or Ben al 586·1751. 
(t 111 9) 
Do you hear colors or see sounds 
(SYTHESTHESIA)? Contact 
Neuropsychology Lab. UCSD to volunteer 
(534-6240). (11119- t2l3) 

FOR SALE 
Fulon t Irame 599 unused. Full mal sel 575. 
Sol •• nd loveseat stIli in plastIc $285 Can 
delIVer 222·4771 . (10119·1213) 

MAKE $$$ printing bumperstickers w,th Ihls 
attordable kit. Inlormalion: 5712 112 San 
Vincenle. Los Angeles. 90019. (1"5·11119) 

198t JEEPCJ54WD.68.000mlles, dark red. 
blad< solt top. must sell $3.900 obo. 488· 
5219. (11/9·1 1/19) 

Leathar b,ker jackel. black. in perfect condi· 
lion. $120. 259·1997. (11112·11/19) 

Kenwood car stereo pul-oul with cassene 
player. Great condition. 5220. 259·1997. (I 11 
12·11119) 

NOlebook: Sharp 286, 20MB HD. 32 gray 
scale VGA. 4.4 Ibs. 8Ill2xll" WP5.1 Win· 
dows. Pele. 299·5263. 5900. (1 "16·11 /19) 
1981 Datsun 200SX Coupe, SSpd., aircondl· 
tioning, runs great. excellent condition. $1 .500. 
Call 558·3n2. (11/16·11119) 

Dinette: Beautiful brass base, glass top table 
wi1tt 4 Chairs. 570. Delivery available. Call 
259·9121. (11/16·11 /19) 

HONDA CB·750F. 79. good running condi· 
tion. many extras. S750 abo. Mite, 488·9503 
aher8p.m. (11 /16-11 /19) 

RoundtrIP Airfare. Dee. 1 I . 1992 retum Jan. 4 
1993. San Diego 10 San Jose 10 Santa Rosa. 
Tockelcan also be used to iust San Jose. 450· 
9044. Gabl (11 /16·11/19) 

Panasonle Word Processor. 3.5 Disk Dr. 
45.000 Word Thesaurus. Portable. Greal for 
papers. Paid S300 asking $ I 50 obo. Galli, 
450·9044 . (11 /16·11119) 

FORD MUSTANG 1981 Blue 2 door coupe. 
Automatic. sunroof. Goodconditoon.$1745or 
best. 455·9682. (11/19·1213) 

Aoousticliquid-oooJed,125Watl_speak· 
ers. Fairly new. must sell SIBO/obo. Cal 459· 
8625. (1 "19) 

Glass COlI .. table. 4.512.5 It. 112 inch thick. 
$60. L.aave mesaege. _ .• 587-6799. (111 
19) 

MACINTOSH COMPUTER wlth 20 Mega-
byte haId drive. prinllr ... utiliIiea end menu· 
als, Mecpeint. Hypercard, w~ end 
other progI8IT1s. In excellent conCIhion. $850 
obo. Call Chris 278·1977 (leave message). 
(11/19·1213) 
MACINTOSH SE 4M8RAM, 2OM8haldClrhle. 
S850. 625-0930. (11119) 

SNOWBOARDS. WETSUITS. Sims 165 
and Memboo 160. S180 full lulls end 
spring. S·L, 560·80. 459·3061. (11/19· 
11130) 

Thursday. Novemher 19, 1992 

FITNESS MASTER 340 x-country sill mao 
Ch.,.. Bought $375. w,lI sell $200 abo. Call 
457·5803. (11/19) 

Couehand rnatehing chaidor sale, $60. Boogie 
board $10. Cal Jef1. 455·9742. (1 1/1611119) 

SNOWBOARD 1992 Bur10n Atrwith Freeslyle 
Bindings & Leash. Paid $500. sell . 5290 abo. 
Tom 270·1487. (11/19) 

RoundtrIP tiekel to the Bay Area. SDIOak· 
land. Luve 12112. Bad< 113. CheapICaIl558· 
8321 . (11 /19·1 1123) 

SCOOTER. 1986 Honda EIit8150, low miles. 
looks good. runs _U. $8OMIesl. 490·1147. 
(11 /19·1(7193) 

1990 VW GoIf·GL 5·sp. Excellenl condo Ale. 
PB. PS. sun roof. 33.000 mite. $5.900· . 452· 
6876. (tI/16-1 1130) 

SMITH-CORONA Personal Word Processor. 
Ex. Condition. Paid $500. Yours for $200. 
Simon 792·2089. (11119) 

Honda Passpol1 (ICOOter). Perfect concttlon. 
Easy and cheep transportation. Regislered 
thr,,7193.S675 000.632·8312. (11119·11130) 

Mlaoscope - excallenl condo Available 81 1 I 
2 pric:e - S340. 558-6586. (11/19) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Canon remote control. Black. Also. 
clip board w/notes. Reward. Call Philip at 
457·1131. (11119) 

HOUSING 
La Jolla. Large Single in spacious condo. 
Bikeibus/Walk to schooll Washer/dryer. cable 
TV. garage, pool. Non·smoking female prel·d. 
335mo.t 114 utilitles. Avail. 12127. Traey453· 
8012. (I II t2· 11 / 19) 

Room for rent $345Imo. 113 utilities. Own 
room in 3BR 11112 bath apartment. Washerl 
dryer. close 10 UTe. Can move in alter Dee. 
12. 558·3772. (11 /16· 11130) 

ROOM FOR RENT. SHARE WITH TWO 
OTHERS. Prelerquiellemaie UniversityCoty. 
$291 .67. Angel 625·2445. (11/16 · 11123) 

I bedroom for rent in Clairemont. $2321monlh 
.. 114 Ulilities. Call Veodia or Karen. 541 ·2073 
(11 /16·1213) 

Upstairs single in4 BM BAhouse. Just north 
of Mira Mesa , 20 min. tram UCSD/SDSU. 
Malelfemale. Cable. No pels. $300 .. 114 
uti~ties. Available 12115. Call 484·0174. (11/ 
19·11130) 

FaA RENT. Paellic BeaCh $750. 2BA. 1 BA. 
Duplex. 939 TourmaHne. 1 block to UCSO 
bus. 2 quiet. serious tenants. No parties. 
Large unitwllots of air Slight. 488-0103. (1 11 
19) 

PLA YMCR CONDO 5 min. from UCSD. 3BR, 
2.58A. a. appliances, pool, lireplace $11501 
mo. 693·8259. (11119·11130) 

Your own room SlOO/month t 113 utilities In 
Clairemont. Randy 275·4289. (11/19·1/41 
93) 

Share a room in a 2 story 21112 bath IOWn 
house near 34A busline and between UTC & 
Vons. 5281.50 .. 114 ulit. Includes balcony. 
patio. wid tpool. Kathy457·0131 . (11119·121 
3) 

3 BA townhouse near UCSD. Sunny. quiel. 
pool. relrigerator . washer/dryer. Available 
now. $10801month. Nina, 792·6453. (111 
19·1213) 

PERSONALS 
STUDENTS ... Need to lose weight bu1 you 
haw a busyclus scheclJIe and limited funCII? 
Call CADUCEUS INTERNATIONAL 554· 
1320. (11112·1213) 

To the very beautiful and sexy brunette In 
my PhilOsophy 10 class: You have long. 
Clarf( curly heir. sit on the lower right section 
and alweys wear blue jeans. I find you v«y 
atuec:tJva and would like to meet you I How 
should I Ipp!Oach you without offending 
you? Pleasa respond in Guardian or leave 
• note in clllsor ... Secret Aclmirer. (11/16· 
11130) 

• .. evle Under the Stars' CSA Telenl 
Show/Semlformal - SalurClay. 11121. 
Regency Plue Hotel. Inlo: 453 ·2320. 
(11/16·11/19) 

IT'S NOT TOO LATEII Active Students 
for Kids I. It III ec:ceptlng epplK=.tlonl 
for our tutoring progrem. Come by the 
VoIunt .. r Connection office or calf 534· 
1414. (11118) 

Is your Gr8III orgIInIzation or cl.ob InweaId 
in a.'*'II $500-$1.500 lor one weal<. on-
c:empua INIIratIng pn:Ijact? You ,.. be or· 
ganI..:I enCI 1IInhoItdng. Cell 1-8O().592· 
2121 extInIion 308. (11119) 
Theft o.tIIgenI. lie 0IMt bMCIlIII _ 
U- rwaI/ ~-ouI ...... playa 
...... C4f.de.uc. Sal. noon. end AwIII 
Plaza. TIMI. _ . (11119) 

Thursday, November 19,1992 

w. V-BAJJ.: Final Four in St. Louis 
ContInued from .,... 12 

·That whole lhing was really inspir-
ing." Harvey said. 

TodoweUlhisweekend,theTritOllS 
need [0 keep thai u.ensity up. 

"We just need to stick to the game 
plan." said team capcain Elizabedt Banez. 
"We need to listen to what [Dannevik] 
i saying." 

Amy Crony, thehighly-loutedfresh-
man sener, seemed to re the most ex· 
cited of any leam member aboUl going 
to the Ftnal Four. 

"It' incredible to make it this far," 
she said "It' severything I'd beencmun· 
ing would happen when I Slalted play. 
ing college ball." 

UCSD has also rea1Iy come together 

HOOPS: Tritons 
kick off season Friday 
against the TIgers 
Continued from .,... 7 
different story. 

"Last year he came in when the 
presswewasoff. This year we're going 
to be counting on him; he's going to 
have to make SW'C we're executing," 
Marshall said. "If we're not. he' s got to 
have the leadership to puU the 00ll out 
and set it up right" 

UCSD'sstylehasshiftedwithLusain 
at the point. "[Lusain] is a little more 
freelance than [Jackson]. He likes to run 
with the ball more, where [Jackson] 
liked keeping things in control." 
Marshall said. 

Lusain isn't the only runner on the 
team. With Halte, sophomore Kareem 
Matthews, freslunan Kahlil Allen and 
junior transfer Narc Hantgin. Lusain 

SWIM: Tritons 
already looking ahead 
to NCAA's 
ContInued from pace 7 
and three-meter competitions. 

Rookie Head Coach Mike Fitchett 
sees as much success this year as last 
year. 

"In women's Division m, UCSO is 
definitely the team to beat We are the 
toughest team around," Fitchett said. 

The women's team opened up last 
weekend by taking second, fourth, sixth 
and seventh against Division I Arizona 
State. "A good opening med against 
some lough Division I competition," 
Fitchett said. 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
• Must Be 21 Years Old to Enter 

4240 t.. ..... VIIIII DrIft 
La Jolla, CA t2037 

(81t)5I7-1A14 at. 8220 

as a team this season. They have leamed 
to merge the many different personali-
ties of the players inlo a single unit 
working in ynch on the court. 

"It took a long time." said Laura 
Kranz. the Triton' number one hitter, 
" but because of this rocky season we 
fmally managed to become closer and 
wOO; together to push each other as well 
as ourselves." 

The fact that the Tritons made it this 
far is a persona1 oiumph for the team. 
UCSO' newgoali to get to the cha!n-
pionship game and Washington, in or-
der 10 avenge last sea..~' loss. 

"We're motivated for them," Banez 
said. "and we're prepared We're very 
prepared." 

heads up the "Freeway Five," UCSO's 
nm-and·gwl squad. ''They give us a 
flexibility to do things we haven't done 
in eight or nine years." MarshaU said 

The opener agaiqst Occidental is the 
fll'St of many crucial games for the 
Tritons this year. UCSD'ssecondgame 
is against Pomona., another Division ill 
opponent The Tritons have a streak of 
two-and·a half years without losing a 
regular season Division ill game, but 
that mark may be in jeopardy this year. 
"It will be very diffICult to sustain that 
this year." Marshall said. "Occidental 
might be the best leam in theSCIAC this 
year and Redlands, Whinier, they've all 
improved ince last season." 

Marshall has already set specific 
goals for his team to accomplish by the 
end of December. "We should be 7-3 
by Ouistmas," the coach said "6-4 
would be b"OUble, and 8·2 would be a 
coach's dream, but I think if we're 7·3 
we'll be right where we want to be." 

Jill Jackson, who took second at last 
. year's nalionaJ championship, figures 
to be the top returner for the Tritons, 
while Patti Thompson. a transfer from 
VCLA who has sat out the past two 
years with a back injury, will also be a 
force for UCSD. 

On the men's ide, sophomore 
Sebastian Holsclawandfreshman Adam 
Burgasserfigure to proyide some points 
for the Triton . Despite his youth, 
B urgasserfmished third this weekend at 
ASU. 

The diven;' biggest tests will come 
at the Division I UC Irvine and USC 
invitationals laterthis year. Beyondthat, 
Fttchett has lofty goals for his team. 
"We're going to placefourdiyers in the 
top eight, no doubt," Fitchett said. 

2forl 
FRIDAY 
NIGHT 

ADMISSION 
with thisaJ 

The UCSD Guarclian 

SUMO: A 
whole lotta lovin' 
ContInued from page 12 

From the way the commentalon; 
were jabbering. I guess this was a big 
upset. They replayed the whole match 
several times using instant replay, and 
you just haven't seen instant replay until 
you've seen sumo instant replay. [ was 
waiting for one of the commentators 10 
break out the Coach's Clicker. 

Looking at it again, I decided sumo 
wresling would not be such a tough 
port after al.\. The mountain started 

moving, and the huge guy got out of the 
way. Not that diJftCult a move. because 
a tree could have gotten OUI of the way. 
Fleet offoot he wasn't. 

Actually, I can see limo wrestling 
catching on here, with a few small 
changes of course. JUS[ sign all of the 
Sports illustrated swim uit models and 
call it "Supennodel Sumos!" Pul them 
in a "Steel Cage o' Dea!h" and then let 
them bang chairsovere<¥:h other' heads. 

Are you Listening ESPN? 

X-COUNTRY: 
Tritons travel to New 
York for Saturday'S 
NCAA champion hips 
Continued from page 12 

The men were paced by freshman 
1. 1. Castner, who picked up third place 
with a 27:04 clocking. 

ucsO's grouping strategy paid off 
again as the Tritons also took sixth 
through ninth place. 

With luck, the New YOO; climate 
may be kind [0 the wann-weather Tri· 
tons after all. 

[f everything works out right. the 
races may sneak in between a rain and a 
now storm that are expected to hit 

upstate New York sometime this week-
end 

Regardless of the weather or what 
the other team are doing, Van Arsdale 
has his troops focused on running their 
own race. 

' 'I've got no expectati~ns about time 
or placing. I do expect them to use the 
things they've learned this year and to 
run the best race they can," the coach 
said 

The outcome of the race will be 
simple to predict, SlIys Van ArsdaJe. "I 
know that we are very competitive, and 
that we're always looking out for each 
other and keeping each other focused 
It'll just come down to the team that 
wants it most," the coach said. 

r----fr:~n·UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I: F~~~,,£~~~~Y* 
I Afl 1 !f 1,N~ 
Not \'fthd ",nih 
al1y !;tthcr ulT~r 

• $20 miolmum purchase · 'IIolthlll 5 mile radiUS or rampub 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. lin lh~ Halph's ('enter , 
P' UI11P! dt>hll'I'Y. 7 1i '1-,',' \\el'k OPI' 11 d'lIly H (1111 ·8 pm 

PHARMACEUTICAL SALES SEMINAR 
GROWTH INDUSTRY OF THE '90s 

Presented by an Industry executi.e with 26 years pharmaceutical sales experience 
This comprehensive seminar will teach you How to Gam Entry Into Pharmaceutical Sales I Creale 
ActIonable Resumes I How 10 Interview. and the Structure 01 the PharmaceutlcallnduSII)I. 
3 hour seminar Includes Trainino ManUal. Audio Cassene Tape. Pharmaceutical Company 
Directory and Consultations 

~ Total Cost $95.00 1.1 
Call earfy to r.serve seatlnu 1·800·528·0844 

SAN DIEGO SEMINAR 
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3 

HILTON HOTEL, MISSION VALLEY 
Seminar 7:00 PM 

AIRPORT PARKING 
FREE SHUTTLE 

TO & FROM AIRPORT 
• 5 Mlnut •• from Airport 
• Airport courl •• y phones 

• Fenced 
• Secured Parking 
• Well Lighted 
• 24 Hr Surveillance 

"Cel/Us Firs/, Com".r, Our Rales" 

,~ I).foo 
4I~OOI)T f)!DI\I~ w. 

.4~11!1!1" 

"...--.... 

YOU'LL BE QIIEETEO .. 
TIIEATED WITH A SMILE 

San Diego's revolutionary MCAT prep course! 
More than 150 hours of intensive review. 
Run by outstanding full-time teachers who really care. 
Over 1,600 pages of new fonnat review materials, 

questions and tests. All the Official MCAT materials. 
A writing curriculum with 14 MCAT style essays. 
Four structured classes per week, over twelve weeks. 
Weeknite & weekend classes fit your Winter Schedule. 
Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students/class. 
Convenient classrooms, right next to UCSD. 

~U. ____ 1 ____ .. __ StartsJan 9th 
.L::JII J/-II:II ·,ell:/ll ., III '!:/ Call for a packet, lOam-Midnite: 
rIlEIlT'S 'l'lIE'IV fiEf SEDHlSAMlTTHE mT." (619) 455-1000 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, November 19, 1992 

11111,1, I" II", \1,' 
I~I\( 1\ \11,\ \111 I 'I; \ \1, I I 

I 'If \ III 'I '" I I II I ' I II,' (,I ,I ( "Ill I ' I 

ALL-CAL '92 
uo<J UO~ 

uc\ UC<J 
UC~ U~ 

STEAM BOAT, CO. 
$319 HoteU bus 
$379 Condol bus 

$606 Condol plane 

Trip includes: 
5 nights lodging, 4 day lift tickets, 

transportation w / refreshments en route 
2 picnics, 2 dances, ski & snowboard races 
w / prizes, $5 ski and snowboard lessons, 

broomball, snow volleyball, costume contest, 
snow sculpture, Kami party, free T-shirt and 

much more!! 

What are you waiting for ?? 
6th bus already full! 

Help UCSD hold onto the All-Cal cup 

?'s Call RISC 534-4482 
or stop by the 3rd floor of the Price Center 

r--------------------------, ! WYou Think ! 
I Your Schedule's Tough, ! 
! Check Out Ours. ! 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

oon4otties Sehe4ul.: 
MON DAY; • .... 4., lIi,~. F".""." $1.50 lo"!fttOh; 2 'or I a"alilln, 

I TUESDAY: ·S ••• ~ II 1M •• 1'4" 1I1,~t." Watoh the sumt 0" our ,atio whil, ujoyin! $1.50 
I Mar!lritls, $1 CormsI4·a,,,,). In~ $!Fish taus. 
: WEDNESDAY: ·ut, III, •• H,," "H'." E"joy out My Happy Hout ~ .. Is (,.", 10:10,,,, ·hlll, 
: ~IR$100:UNKS$150=5TIC$1oo;gmD I 
: f..R.lm II,," H", 4-',.. $1 ~o"'lSti. ~"'II. 2 (Ot 1 I".tiz.rs . . 
I SATURDAY & SUNDAY: "F"."" Fre.rl. W .. k •• 4." VI/ious s,loills Ihrou!hOlt thl ..... "~. 

: reM!) 

I 

I eN •• t t. t~. lI.r4 Recl e.f, e Pluty .f lI.d.r~rou.4 ,.'li.~, L Ih.erY. , • ., e.,i"IIIU ,arty R.wf e.1! 4S4 ·9664 .J 
--------------------------

II II 
THE BEST COURSE You'u EVER TAKE 

Only 1329.00 includes: 
• 5 nights at 5-star hotel on the slQpes of Snowmass 

(condos on the skps add S 3 0) 
• 4-day lift ticket at Aspen, Snowmass, & Buttermilk 
• Roundtrip lUXUry bus transportation 
• Pub crawl, ski movies, ski races, parties, 

happy hours, T-shirt, etc. 

• UCLA. UCSB. UCSD.Loyola·Pepperdine· Texas. 
700 people went last year, where were you? 

S40 DEPOSIT DUE NOVEMBER 2 

WHY PAY MORE FOR LESS?? 
for mort info contact 

Eric Melbihess 
(619)566-8669 

U III V E R SIT Y OF (A L I FOR tll A SA tl DIEGO 

your class schedule 
~r~want? 

250 courses during 
,(June 28-July 30 and 
:t:::\~ . A preliminary course 
-?tt:):~:~,:.·~:.. ·~\v. " .::'\~: ~:~) .' • . : n:\·r:~,> .,F~ry. To receIVe a free ccmJIcX:I':. 

.). t';-::·(.·· , _.:t~·" :.;::. """'<<\:'"' CQt534~364 'xlO Or moil the '~~ff~1~~; ' . 
:(: 

"-e put 1M on tt.lllcilng -',10 NCIiYe a free Sum_ s.sIOn ~ in March. 

Mail 10: UCSD ~ Sluion, 9500 Gilmcm Dr .. la JoIa, CA 92093-0179 

Thur day, November 19,1992 The UC D Guardian 

[1(' . " 
, . . 

" 

Greek Week 1993 What's For 
Lunch? Don't expect Greek Week 

to be anything like the past. its 
been moved to Winter quarter and 
reworked, Winter offers a more 
relaxed schedule as well as the 
opportunity to increase Greek 
visibility for Spring fraternity rush. 
Our new line-up of events promises 
great activities for Greeks as well 
as the entire campus. This change 
reflects IFC and Panhellenic's 
eagerness to promote good relations 
with all of UCSD. 

On Monday. February 22nd all 
chapters gather for "Chapter of 

The entire campus is invited, 
Friday i the big event featuring 

the first annual "Red Hot Chilly Eating disorders affect 
Cook-off." Muir field will many students, One out 
transfonned into the all-day fiesta. of four college women 
The day will begin with the scent will experience some 
of up to 25 different masterrecipes sort of eating related 
of chili. The gounnet chili lunch problem. 94 - 96% of 
will be accompanied music eating disorder victims 
provided by9lX, The Greek Week tend to be healthy, well-
committee is currently working on to-do, well-educated 
some sort of cross-campus race females and the 
which will finish on Muir field , .r ..... ~--;--'"::I;:.~~~~~~-~~.., youngest of a small 
The stage will then be turned to a family. The disease 
line of live bands which will play mortality rate is 

into the between 5 and 25%, 
n i g h t . Free large drink or crasy bred with any Average daily intake 
Chi I i pizza/pizza order, for an anorexic is 250 
cooking North Coast Cleaners calories. a bulimic 
participants (Behind UTe. near Rubio's) binge averages 5000 

$1 .00 off each dry cleaning item (no limit) or $.9 
wi II be hand finiched , laudered men's dress shirt (on calories, Common 
recruited hanger) with any dry cleaning order, (limit 5) warning signs include: 

Chapters" 
w h i c h 
introduces 
the week in 
a light 
hearted , 
cas u a I 
atmo phere 
including a 
special ritual 

BOYS &. GIRLS CLUBS fro m Subway (Costa Verde & Mira Mar Road Wesl) -Denial of hunger after 
cam pu s - Free large drink and chip with any loollong sub eating minute amounts, or SAt~ '"FOQ 
wid e purchase. -Increased soc ial 

for UCSD Greeks. Afterwards a 
free outdoor rnovie will play in the 
east Warren field. Pizza. popcorn, 
and other refreshments will be 

organizations. The proceeds from Salmon House (in Marina Village) isolation. 
the "The Red Hot Chilly Cook- 2 for 1 dinner (up to $16 value) 7·days a week. -Bi zarre rituals 
off' as well a the re t of the week Stanley H. Kaplan 1(800) KAp.TEST surrounding eating and 
will be benefitting the San Diego 15% off tuition. food handling. 
Boys and GirlsClubs. Fridays event Moondoggies (near Hardroc/() -M ens I r u a I 
is being produced in cooperation irregulari ties. 2 lor t intrees 7 days a wek. Watch ads lor 
with ASUCSD. In drawing from additional specials. -Tooth and gum 
the recources from both of our The Comedy Store (in La Jolla 454.9176) infections. swollen and 

f' . 

" 

. . 

II 

" -,," . 

'. ':. 

available. This event is open to the 
enti re campus and everyone should 
bring towels or lawn chairs to sit 
on. Wednesday the Comedy Slore 
will provide three hours oflaughter 
on the Price Center stage. Everyone 
i welcome to take advantage ·of 

groups we have the opportunity to 2 lor 1 admission Wed., Thurs .. and Sun, with infected sa l ivary 
throw a much bigger event. reservation, glands. ~~=~ 

Bill Browning and Alicia Hoey, Bookstar (Cosra Verde) -Freq uent weight ~ 
Greek Week chail1>Crsons. with the Additional 10% off with Greek Card (not good fluctuations. r:--I==::!:t:=~~lh~is free event bel ween 11 :30-2:30. 

Thursday night will feature 
the traditional talent show 
in the Price Center 
Ballroom, All act will be 
judged and prizes awarded 
10 the top perfonnances, 

Sports Corner 
On the weekend of Nov, 7th and 

8th, UCSD 's ISS and IFC 
continued their active sports 
schedules with doubles tennis. Each 
tournament consisted of two 
doubles teams from each fraternity 1 
sorority playing in a two tiered 
bracket system, The (SS 
tournament distributed points by 
each sorori'y's cumulative final 
standings in each bracket. The 
Interfraternity Tournament 
distributed its points by how many 
games each fraternity won in each 

Thursda Frida 

helpoftheircommineeareensuring with Reader's ChOice card), - H ear t 
that this year sets a new pace for Collegiate Clothing irregularities. 
Greek Week thi year and for years (near SDSU, Gazebo in Rubio's parking lot. 265· 1124 Contact Student 
to come. Get ready for the best Heavyweight sweatshirt with two·tone stiched Health if you have 
Greek Week ever! _ Slacy Oyler letters, $16.95 with Greek Card, Call lor any questions or 

additional specials and group orders. 

bracket. The two lOp team in each second place perfonnance from last year 
bracket came together for a final while l:<l>E improved its 61h place 1991 
match .on Sunday, finish to tie with ZBT for second. 

Anna Maria Ayuso and Anne IFC is continuing its sports schedu Ie this 
PUllloky led AOn to a first place week with football. The semifinals are 
win and 100 banner points by today and the final game will be Friday at 
beating Alpha Chi 's Jenn Kamlok Charger Field , All the games begin at four. 
andJaquelineRepisi 7-6,6-2. AXil so come out ISS Standings 
wasrewardedfortheirsecondplace and see the Tennis Ove .... 11 
finish with 75 banner points, big g est I M!J. 50 150 

In the IFC tournament, Jeff football games 2 AXil 75 125 
Priske, Jason Char. Steve UCSD will 3 AOn 100 120 

4 XU 25 100 
Stukovsky, and Randy Char have this year, 4 nB<l> 50 100 
dominated the tournament and led -Rob Brannen. 6 KKf 30 60 
both M:cz, teams into the finals to Sports Editor 6 af 30 60 
play each other. ZBT repeated its 8 IK 20 40 

concerns. 

~-------------~ IFe Standings 

1 IAE 
2 M:cz, 
3 LX 
4 nKcz, 
5 ZBT 
6 <l>6e 
7 L<l>E 
8 LAM 
9 LN 
9 6T6 

II m 
11 Ben 
13 <t>Ke 
13 Fill 
15 TKE 

Tenn;. Ovcmll 
25 125 
50 110 
10 90 
25 85 
42.5 82, 
35 75 
42.5 62. 
25 45 

3 43 
3 43 

10 30 
10 30 
3 23 
3 23 
o 0 

Saturda Sunde Monda Tunda Wednesda 
11/20 11121 11/22 11/23 11/24 11125 

IFC FootbeII IFC Football Ana" 

11/26 11127 

Greek Orientation 
9am-4pm 

11/28 

Jj nksgivi g Weeke d 
RNI Gnd< Column. 1213 

lor Fall Qoonu ~~ 
T.O.LF. _ClMlw_ 

All filii: eo.t WGItII 

1215 

11/29 

1216 

PHI/FC Meeting 
11/30 1211 

BOD Meeting 
1217 1218 

ALL-GREEK 
STUDY BREAK 

Inri Center 6-7pm 
FIrJAl S (Joon luc/o. ' 

1212 
IFC Football 

1219 

G~k Column~ is a pai ;K;cmc~I'wri;lcn & produc¢ by ,he UCSD Il1Icrrr:llcmity Council al;d Panhellc'IJic Associalion (619) !i34·M57 



GREGG 

unmt 
ESPN's Prhne 
Tune Sumo 

Ripping through the channels 
Monday, I came upon a new fro~ierof 
sports television. Swno wrestling. 

I kid you not. Sumo wrestling on 
televi ion. Oh joy. [t was on one of 
those cable channels thaI nobody ever 
warcl'les - the imemational channel, J 
think. For basic cable, you pay $25 a 
month for the networks, ESP and 
MfV. All of the OIher94 channel are 
cluner, Sluff thar nobody pays any 
3nemion 10. 

I tried a little experiment, and I 
found outlhat tho!,e other 94 channell. 
are aI/tire same cil/JIlllel. Yes, it' one 
big ~Iation lhat ~how~ the Revolutionary 
R nco Bean Squi!>her and S~n 
Moi~turizer Appliance infomercial 24 
hours a day. 

Back 10 the ~um~. Despite being 
the sports editor here, l have to admit I 
w:llon't up-Io·date on my sumo 

\~tling details. Alii knew about it 
w~ that it con~isted of two huge guys, 
wearing nowhere near enough clothing, 
nUlnUlg into ea h other. 

But the rule... ..eemed fai rly ~imple. 
After about a minute I W,l\ fairly certain 
that there was only one rule: use any 
method JXNible 10 lOSS the other guy 
off the mat. 

Thai and make ure you throw a lot 
of nce around, Uncle Ben 's preferably. 
One wre.<>tler, apparently the bad guy of 

~umo, raised a mcklL\ when l'le threw 
lOve Top inste<J£i. 

TIle first match we ~w featured a 
huge guy ngai~t a Jelio-mOlintain of 
flesh. Imagine orm on "Cbeers" with 
his shirt off. Not a pleasant thought, is 
if! Well, the huge guy dwarfed orm, 
and the Jello-mountain made the huge 
guy look like Carla. 

Let' get back to thai not-enough· 
clothing part. These guys have probably 
four r five times the mass of Cindy 
Crawford, yet are wearing less clothing 
than she ever has. Whal is the deal with 
the G·string? How about a nice 
loincloth or bath towel? 

When the camem zoomed in, all too 
often these guys turned away from the 
camera and suddenly, bam! A bun thar 
filled the screen. More than filled it-
engulfed it. One needs to look no 
farther than thaI to see why sumo 
wrestling will never do too well on 
American T. V. 

Back to the huge guy vs. mountain 
man. After the wall 0' flesh had Slopped 
jiggl ing, they started the match. It was 
over within a few seconds. TIle 
mountain charged at the huge guy and 
the huge guy stepped OUI of the way. 
TIle upenanker went running by and 
barely Slopped himself before he ran OUI 
of [he ring. TIle huge guy stepped 
around and shoved the gargantuan, 
whose srrong suit was obviously nOl 
balance. TIle shove sent the hwnan 
foothills flying off the mar and almost 
into the crowd. Now that would have 
been a C3taslJ'Ophe. [ wonder if "12 Die 
as Sumo Wrestler Falls Into Crowd!" i 
a common headline in Japan. 

See SUMO, Page 9 

The UCSD Guardian 

Laura Kranz will be expec;ted to lead the Tritons In kllls as UCSD guns for another national title. 

Thursday, November 19, 1992 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 

"''S1IAIKE1'ULL: UCSD 
is making some ~ this year, 
including tre "Freeway Five" as 

the Tritons by to maICh last 
season's soccess . .... 7 

SMaWIa Tritons boast an 
impressive array of returning strus 
aM promising new talent to boost 
treir hopes entering tre '92-'93 

season. ~7 

A Championship Weekend 
WOMEN'S VOLLEY· 
BALL: Tritons fly to Sl 
Louis for the Fmal Four 
By Julie Shennan 
Staff Wnter 

At the beginning of this season, 
the goal fOrlhe women' volleyball 
team was 10 make it [0 the Final 
Four. 

As the season went on, the goal 
at times seemed unattainable, 

TIle challenge was monumen· 
tal. How does a coach take a group 
of women with very linlecollegiate 
experience and twn them into a 
team of the same caliber as those 
from the last II yws? 

Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
found a way, and the team left 
Wednesday for the CAA National 
Championships at Wa hington 

NATIONAL 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

1992 
University in SL Louis. 

As they pral.:ticed Tuesday, the team 
agreed thai going to lhe Final Four 
surprised even them, 

UCSDopensthetownament against 

CROSS COUNTRY: Tritons have high expectations 
going into this weekend's NCAA Fmals 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

TIlewayitl ksnow,theUCSD 
cross country team may be trading 
in their N ike Airs for now hoes. 
Heading off 10 Schenectady, New 
York for the NCAA Cross Country 
Final, the Tritons face the possibil· 
ity of a snowy course for Saturday's 
race. 

But even the possibility of shar· 
ing the course with a passing dog 
sled doesn't have UCSO Head 
Coach Ted Van ArsdaIe worried. 
"We're not going to do anything 
different. The team will have to 
evaluate the conditions and then 
race intelligently and deal Wilh the 
circumstances at hand. AU of the 

other teams will be rJeing in it also," 
Van Arsdale said. 

UCSD qualified for the Finals last 
weekend at the West Regional meet 
where both the men's and women's 
teams finished in fU"Sl place. TIle women 
squeaked out a 32-39 win over runner· 
up Occidental, while the men domi· 
nared with a 30-point thrashing of the 
second·place Occidental squad. 

Based on those performances, Van 
ArWIe said he is "excited about this 
weekend Both teams seem extremely 
focused. and that determination is the 
most impressive thing about the team." 

Determination is nOl the only ele· 
ment that has impressed the coach. 
'These are the best teams UCSO has 
ever had," Van ArsdaIe said. " Ibey 

SUNY -Stony Brook, a team it has never 
played. 

However, the Tritons remain confi· 
dent that they can bring to the tourna· 
ment the same heart and intensity that 
gavelhem the Western Regional cham· 
pionship last weekend. 

"We have nothing' to lose," hitter 
Julie Harvey said. "People expect us 10 
play well, but the pres5W'C of being the 
top seed isn't there. We're like the Wl' 
derdogs." 

Harvey has risen from last year's 
bench 10 play a huge role in UCSO's 
offensive strategy. She couIdn 't be hap-
pier about playing a major role in the 
team's suooess. 1be sophomore was a 
backup 00 last season's squad. 

"This time, 'we weren 'l itting on 
the bench. This time we did il our· 
selves," Harvey said. 

Blocker Krisli Askeland agreed 
Having also been a member of "the 

IIATIIliAL 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

1992 
have about the same taJent as last year, 
they just want it more. [The Tritons 
havel knocked off some good teams 
this year." 

UCSO can anribute ilS success to 

bench club" from lasl year,she is eager 
10 play in SI. Louis and "make a real 
impact on how we do." 

Earlier thi season, when the tearn 
stumbled out of the gates, the Tritons 
began to doubt themselves. TIle team 
needed a new attitude. 

"We neededl Dannevik]togettough 
on us ... it was after he SIaIUld yelling III 
us that we gOll ouract together l,"Megan 
Lucas said. 

Dannevik had also made a COIIIIIlil· 
ment to himself and to his team 10 give 
them the hean 10 win. 

At regionaIs.knoiferOossandJen. 
nifer Manin gave the team hearts to 
symbolize their newfound iJunsity. 

Dannevik's cmotionaI response 10 
this left no onedoutxing his pride for his 
team, a unit that has bearen the odds and 
made it to the I ()h F'tnal Four of his 
stewardship. 

See W. V-BALL, Page 9 

being a close.Jcnj( team. Normally con· 
sidered separate leams, the men and 
women have grown so close that Van 
ArsdaIe comiders them "a total group. 
Both teams have the same styles and 
personality, and that kind of closeness is 
good; they just feed off of one another." 

Last weekend was an example. 
'They started off cool, just staying 10-
gether and working with each other. 
After :I while they just started gobbling 
other people up," Van ArsdaJe said. 

The women were Jed by junior 
Viviana Reza. who took fowth place 
with a 19:49 mark.. Karen Hir*Ie and 
Wafa Hana finished fifth and sixth reo 
spectively. UCSOthenpickcdupeig/1h 
andninthwhenTracyCoieandKalhlccn 
Carl crossed the line. That kind of gr0up-
ing has been a key to the Tritons' win· 
ning ways all se<ISOII. 

See X.cOUNTRY, Page 9 

The Headline Matchups: Cross COUntry at the NCAA Finals at Schenectady, New York, Saturday. Women's volleyball at the NCAA filii Four at 
Washington University, St. louis, Frlday-Saturday. 
Other Games: Men 's water polo at the Western Water Polo Association Championships at Claremont, Friday-Sunday. Men's basketball vs. Occidental, Friday at 7 p.m .. Main Gym. Women 's 
basketball at the Redlands tournament, Friday-Saturday. Swimming vs. Cal State Northridge, Sunday at noon, C8nyonview Pool. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • NOVEMBER 19, 1992 

OLMX 
Sinner, Saint, Troublemaker, Savior, Racist, Ex-con, Family Man, Rifleman: 

Spike Lee Creates a Brand New Myth 
By MIke Martinez 
Contributing Writer 

As a filmmaker, Spike Lee tends to wear his 
elhnicityon his sleeve as he works "the system" to 
finance his art. In the process, he has helped popularize 
black culture as part of the bigger picture of American 
pop culture. 

Now, Lee has undertaken lhe task of 
educating everyone about Malcolm X, one 
of the most significant, revolutionary 
thinkers of the 20th century. In the 27 years 
ince Malcolm was assassinated, virtually a 

whole generation knows him only as an 
hislorical figure or by his somewhat 
intangible influence on black conscious· 
ness. 

Malcolm's contemporaries may 
remember him as any of the following: 
sinner, saint, troublemaker, savior, racist, 
ex-con, family man or rifleman. He came 10 
symbolize the violent alternative to Martin 
Luther King's doctrine of passive resistance 
allhough he was actually commined to non· 
violent Muslim ideals. He didn't preach 
violence as philosophy-be preached it as 
sel f -de fense. 

Today's generation of blacks may know 
him only through rappers like Public 
Enemy, who use Malcolm as a symbol of 
rage. They've guned the symbol of its 
spiritualilY, of any ideals of self-reliance 
and self-determination. They shame his 
memory by reducing him to a marketeer of 
hats and hip attire. 

Spike Lee, of course, understands his 
complicity in that chain of events - his 
merchandising ann was the first to produce 
the omnipresent "X" hats, He is the last 
person who wants to place Malcolm X, one of his idols. 
on the shelf next to Batman and Ninja Turtles. Yet he 
recognizes that while Malcolm X is important as a 
historical document, it also must be entertaining enough 
to do well at the box office. 

And Malcolm X is great entertainment. If this is big 
budget myth·making, at least it's a fairer myth than its 
predecessors. As story·telling, it captivates the audience 
for a full three hours and 20 minutes. It's IOld in three 
parts, each with a distinctive visual style, that make this 
film as complex and constantly changing as the man 
himself. 

On screen, Malcolm's early years are depicted as 
vibrant and wann, full of the kinetic energy characteris· 
tic of[.ee's best work. Stylizcd movement with period 
music and dancing help draw the audience into the past 
when Malcolm (Denzel Washington) and many black 
youths gamely strove for whiteness. He has his hair 
"conked" (painfully straightened) and several characters 
comment how "white" (good) it looks, 

As victims of an inherently racist society, the blacks 

of this generation have two choices: voluntarily submit 
to a submit to a sub!;crvient role or fall into dissolute 
lifestyles just to survive. 

Malcolm's father is murdered by white men and his 
family scanered. An articulate youngster, he is enticed 
into the fast-paced life of the streets. He leaves his 

THELONIOUS 

"good" girlfriend Laura and strays toward a life of 
crime, aided by his "jungle fever" attraction to a white 
woman. Laura ends up as a prostitute, and Malcolm 
lands in prison, 

Malcolm's stint in prison is the pivotal chapter in 
Lee's film. The vi ual picture picture shifts inlo a colder 
tone through cinematographer Ernest Dickerson's use of 
blue fillers . A convict named Baines introduces 
Malcolm to the Nation of Islam, which preaches self-
discipline, the evil of the white man and the rightful 
place of the black race in the history of the world. 

Malcolm drops his "slave" name of Little and 
becomes Malcolm X. The new Malcolm is unveiled in a 
lour de force scene with co-star Christopher Plummer as 
the prison chaplain. Malcolm stuns Plummer wilh a 
biblically-documenled, logical argument that Jesus 
Christ was a man of color. This sk illfully· rendered 
scene captures the beauty and audacity of the man and 
the film perfectly. 

In the final chapter, the film literally becomes crystal 
clear and as focused as Malcolm's vision. He leaves 

prison, meets his mentor, Elijah Muhammed (AI 
Freeman, Jr.), and makes his rise to national prominence 
as the Black Muslim's most visible spokesman. His 
captivating oratory style creates images that the masse 
can grasp and articulates intangible feelings. He coins 
phrases like "Afro-American" and "Hell no, we won't 

go," pointing out that blacks are being 
forced to fight and die in wars for an 
America in which they are second-class 
citizens. 

In time, Malcolm became disenchanted 
with the hypocrisy (promiscuity) of Elijah 
Muhammed. Someone gave the order to 
silence him - the film just short of 
showing Elijah himself ordering the 
murder) and Malcolm's fate was sealed. He 
officially broke from the Muslims in March 
of 1964 and made a pilgrimage to Mecca. 

By all accounts, lhe Malcolm Ihat 
emerged from Mecca is ready to embrace a 
more universal message of brotherhood 
than the one he heard previously. Perhaps 
he was ready to become a symbol of anti. 
imperialism and anti-capitaJism, an 
international revolutionary with a place in 
history alongside the likes of Castro and 
Guevara. 

Malcolm's new philosophy would never 
be completely unveiled. As he drives to the 
Audubon Ballroom on February 21, 1965, 
the foreboding air is hauntingly conveyed 
through Sam Cooke's song "A Change is 
Gonna Come." By the lime Malcolm steps 
up to Ihe podium, there is a sense of 
serenity and the gunshots seem to come as 
no sUlprise. He lies, finally si lenced, on the 
floor, anns extended as if on a cross, 

There are several wonderful perfor· 
mances, especially Washington as Malcolm X. His 
man-in· transition worts - his ponrayal is fast and 
loose during Malcolm's wilder days, controlled and 
disciplined during the Muslim years. Freeman, Jr. is 
sinister and cool as Elijah Muhammad. Delroy Lindo, as 
Malcolm's early crime boss, achieves the same 
calculatedness with an ominous warmth. Even Spike 
Lee shines with an effottless spin as Shorty, Malcolm's 
partner in crime. Only Angela Bassett , as Malcolm 's 
wife Betty, fails to spark.. 

Malcolm X captures a powerful sense of loss, yet it 
doesn't allow one to walk out grieving. Ossie Davis 
reprises his eulogy ("our shining black prince") and 
assorted children recite expressions of black pride. Lee 
even travelled to South Africa to film Nelson Mandela 
reading one of Malcolm's speeches. After Aretha 
Franklin's inspiring "Someday We'll All Be Free," 
Arrested Development pumps some hip-hop energy into 
the proceedings and wraps everything up with a return 
to the '90s. Spike Lee's film works to create a new myth 
while retaining the appeal of an epic Hollywood movie. 

JESUS HID MHRY CHOIN COICERT PREVIEW 04 HLODDIN MOVIE REVIEW 03 



HIATUS 2 

TOO R Y 
Based on the Tom Clancy novel, 
P.triof a.r... stars Harrison 
Ford. As ClA agent Jack Ryan, 
Ford barrie lri h terrorists in the 
sequel to The Hunt For Red 
October. It show in the Price 
Center Theater (It 6:30. 9:00 and 
II :30 p.m. Tickets are $2. Info: 
534-4090. 

Paul W ..... , formerly of the 
Style Counci l and The Jam, will 
perform in SDSU's Montezuma 
Hall at 8 p.m. Tickets range from 
$18 to $22. Info: 278-TIXS. 

Janos N6cYesy presents a 
seminar on electronic and com-
puter music at noon in room B-
2 \0 in the Mandev ille Center. 
Info : 534-5404. 

John Pre. ton, Bern.rd 
Cooper and J.mes c.rroI 
PIckett read from Ihe anthol-
ogy A Member of the Family: 
Ga)'Men Write AhoutTheir Fami-
Jies at the Blue Door Bookstore in 
Hillcre t at 7:30 p.m. Info: 298-
86 10. 

Dixie Drep, including famed 
guitarist Steve Mor.iC, have re-
grouped and will perform at Ihe 
Rhythm Cafe in Clairmont Mesa 
at 8 p.m. Tickets are $19.50 in 
advance and $2 1.5OIhedayofthe 
how. Info: 576-CAFE. 

J 

fRIORY 
........ ~to, Or. 
bIbtI and U ............. play at 
SOMA downtown. Info: 239-
SOMA. 

The film Holly TfIn'Ot' and 
PersotuI Decisions show in 
room 107 in Solis Lecture Hall al 
7 p.m. Admiss ion is free. 

The local band Honey Glue 
plays with KAI KLN at Bodie 
downtown at 10 p.m. Info: 236-
8988. 

SRTURORY 
The u JoIIIi Symphony 
open il scason intheMandeville 
Auditorium at 8 p.rn. The Sym-
phony also plays Sunday at 3 
p.m. Tickets range from $5 to 
$\0. Info: 534-4637. 

IbIymoIMi fiest will be sign-
ing his lalesl book The King's 
Buccaneer from II a.m. 10 2 p.m. 
at Bookstar in Ihe Costa Verde 
Shopping Cenler. Info: 457-7699. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UP CO M IIG 

SUIORY 
Former Eagle Glenn Frey per-
forms in the Spreckels Theatre 
downlown at 7:30 p.m. Tickets 
are $22.50 in advance. Info: 278-
TIXS. 

Jesus .nd M.ry CMIn, 
SpIrItuaIzed. MecIdne and 
Cwve play ahemalive rock in 
the Price Cenler Ballroom at 8 
p.m. Info: 278-TIXS. 

Elaine Hall and Robin 
Podolsky will read from their 
work at the Blue Door Bookslore 
in Hillcrestat2 p.m. The two have 
wriuen about lesbian relation-
hips. Info: 298-8610. 

MOIORY 
The ....... ao,. fighl for 
Iheir righllo party al the Starlight 
Bowl. Opening for the New York 
rapper.! are the Rollins Band and 
Cypress Hill . Tickets are $20.50 
in advance. Info: 278-TIXS. 

TUESDAY 
Ken Anderson will lead the 
UCSD Gospel Choir at 8 p.m. in 
the MandeviUeAudilorium. TIck-
ets for students are $3. Info: 534-
3229. 

NEDIESDHY 
Orange County 's No Doubt 
plays with Fungo Mungo at the 
Belly Up in Solana Beach at 9 
p.m. Tickets are $6. Info: 481 -
9022. 

THERIER 
U .. ....,.......: "Much 
Ado About Nothing" runs 
through Nov. 29. Performance 
are Tuesday through Saturday al 
8 p.m. with matinees at2 p.m. on 
Saturday and Sunday. Tickets 
range from $2310 $29 . Info: 534-
3793. 

The Forum Studio: Athol 
Fugard 's"StatementsAfteranAr-
rest Under the MOraIity Act" runs 
duough Nov. 24. Perfo~s 

Improve your 
GAfATscore 
by sitting next 
to the right 
person. 

I LlATa ............... .. . ... .. .... 

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas . 

....... 

AdwertisInC 
134-3488 

Thur!lday, Novl"mber 12, 1992 

are Wednesday through Satur-
day at 8 p.m., Saturday and Sun-
day at 2 p.m. and Sunday at7 p.m. 
Tickets range from $6 to $12. 
Info: 534-4574. 

IIIM:kfrt.s TbeItre: Oscar 
Wilde ' satire "The Importance 
of Being Eamest" runs through 
Dec. 13 with performances Thurs-
day through Saturday at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2p.m. and 7 p.m. 
Ticket range from $ 10 to $18. 
Info: 232-4088. 

GRLLERIES 
Malld"" G.I.ry: "Three 
BritishBookArti t : Ian Hamilton 
Finlay, Tom Phillips, Ian Tyson" 
will be on exhibit until Dec. 13. 
The artists experiment with words 
and images. Admis ion is free. 
The gallery is open Tuesday 
through Sunday, noon to 5 p.m. 
Info: 534-31 20. 

Museum of Contemponry 
Art: "Modem Dance as Muse: 
The An of Francoise Gilot," a 
piece featuring the work of Brit-
ish sculplor Antony Gormley, is 
on display until Dec. 9. The mu-
seum is open Tuesday through 
Sunday from IOa.m.105p.m.and 
Wednesday from 10 a.m. to 9 
p.m. Admission for sludents is 
$2. Info: 454-3541. 

Grove G nary: "4th Genera-
tion/5th Dimension: halo Scanga 
Curates New Glass" is on exhibit 
through Dec. 18. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through Saturday. 
Admission is free. Info: 534-2021. 

A tthe Princeton Review, you'll join a small class of 
aboul 12 students who share 
your test-taking strengths and 
weaknesses. Our tracking syslem 
helps you learn more efficiently, 
because it allows your leacher 10 
concentrate on the material you 
need most. So call today for 
COUr.iC infonnation. Seats are 
filling fast. 

.".. AM..,. To 
~THb. 
(619} 695-9952 

-

Thursday, November 19, 1992 The UC 0 Guardian HIATUS 3 

MOYIE REVIEWS 
ALADDIN: Classic Fairy tale is Transfonned Into a Modem Romp with Rugs 

By Eric Schmidt hookah-and-electric salad- see from his room in an 
Senior Staff Writer maker. abandoned building. His 

From the tirst cene of TIle plot fo llows the ba ic dream nearly becomes reality 
Oi ney's new full -length toryline of the original as he briefl y meets prince ' s 
animated fi lm Alacldin. the classic tale, straying just Jasmine. who is being forced 
strange mixture of classic enough to provoke modem to marry an arrogant prince. 
Oi ney fairy tale and modem interest. The film traces the Jafar. evi l vizier to the 
Americana makes it clear this adventu res of young Aladdin Sultan, fi nds he needs a pure-

/-' movie is no Sleeping Beauty. and his only friend, a hearted lad to fe tch a genie's / Based on the Arabian monkey named Abu. lamp. He slyly recruit~ pure Nigh,s tale, Aladdin opens Together. the pair eke out Aladd in to steal the lamp. 
/, with a de ert panorama an existence and defend the which he needs to overthrow 
I merging into a white-washed commoners from palace the Sultan. 

city ene. TIle picture follows guards and greedy mer- Through a eries of 

I an Arab narrator on camel- chants. mishaps, Aladdin finds 
back into an anc ient city, Aladdin dreams of living himself in posse sion of the 
where he sets up a trading in the town' s palace, whose lamp which he 
booth offering a combination onion·shaped turrets he can See ALADDIN, Page H4 

DRACULA: Innocents Beware, This Film Sucks More Than Just Blood 
By Jenny a-... 
Senior Staff Writer 

"( vanl to suck 'U. money out of 
your wallet," should be the sublitle 
ofthe newly-released film Bram 
Stoker's Dracula. Director Francis 
Ford Coppola (of Godfather fame) 
has created a picture which tells 
lhe story of Vlad the Impaler, a 
legendary warrior-king of 15th 
century Romania. The cinematog-
raphy, visual effects and costumes 
compliment each other brilliantly, 
yet the audience may find that 
lhey'll need Cliff 's Notes to be 
able to follow the complicated 
story. 

The main advantage of this 
Dracula over B-rated vampire 
flicks is that it closely follows the 
19th century novel by Bram 
Stoker. Bram Stoker'S original 
Dracula changes into ten different 
fonns (inslead of just the stereo-
typical squeaking bat), just as the 
movie changes constantly from 
horror to romance to comedy. 
After stepping off the Dracula 
rollercoaster, the audience may 
feel more nauseous than exhila-
rated. 

1be most surprising element of 
this story is that it is really a 
romance. Not until the last scene is 
that made clear. With blood-
dripping advertisements, one 
might anticipate a truly violent 

movie, but instead the film focuses 
on the story of Vlad (Gary 
Oldman) and his love Elisabeta 
(Winona Ryder). After a tragedy 
takes Elisabeta from him, Vlad 
renounces the church and thus 
begins his reign as k.ing of the 
undead. Keanu Reeves plays 
Jonalhan Harker, the fiance of 
Mina, who is the reincamated 
E1isabeta. 

Oldman (previously seen as Lee 
Harvey Oswald in JFK) is truly 
challenged by the many roles of 
Dracula. In one scene he is a 
warrior, in the next an old man 
(with a Princess Leah two-bun 
hairdo) and in another an eerie 
green fog. Ryder ponrays a 
believable, though American-' 
accented Mina, but Reeves is 
unable to lose his Bill and Ted 
accent. One constantly expects 
his next line to be, "Dracula, 
Id'S just be excellent to each 
other." Anthony Hopkins is 
Professor Abraham Van Helsing 
who brings a lighter, comic tone 
to the script. 

1be performances by 
Oldman and Hopkins are 
redeeming, yet the film 
stumbles too many times' before 
getting a solid foothold. 
Coppola weaves a complicated 
web which most audiences 
may be unable to decipher. 

UCSD Theatre 1992-93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Fall Productions 

Statements After an 
Arrest Under the 
Immorality Act 
by Athol Fugard _ 
November 18 - 20 at 8pm 
November 21 at 2pm & 8pm 
November 22 at 2pm & 7pm 
November 23 - 24 at 8pm 
Forum Studio . 

----, 

LARGO DESOLATO 
by Vaclav Havel 
December 2 • 4 at 8pm 
December 5 at 2pm & 8pm 
December 6 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

II< '''I:TS .\IH. ~(I HII{ .-;n IIL,\I S. 
(;1-:1:' TW""TS HII{ ~~O 

\\ 1111 TilL l( '-;1> TilL \ I HI: (·\I{J). 
( . \I I. H m I>L 1\ II S. :'3-1·-1:'7-1. 
\1.llhkll \\'L'I',' lill,llll H, '\ t )IIlll' 

Interpreting Bram Stoker's novel 
is indeed a challenge and this film 
makes an impressionable effort, 
yet it assumes the 
audience has 
read the 
book and 

PLEASE BAlY PWSE 
.... otIW ~ _In till 
a. ..... c ......... 

Upstairs 111 tile Student Center. l1li1101,. "-

knows the plot. 
If you' re dyi ng to see th is 

movie, see it in the theater - it 
won' t be the same on video. 

Visually, Dracula is n 
beautifully crafted film . 

but be prepared to be 
confused by the plot 

and have the dark 
prince suck $7 

out of your 
pocket. 

WSEIAI a: COHTEJfIORAAY ART 
100 P!lOSI'ECT S11m . LA ALA 

INFO: 497-0450 
~ d SIMs. ~2S9I1 



IIIATU ' 1I4 The ' 0 Guardian Thursday, November 19, 1992 

CONCERT PREVIEW 
Jesus and Mary Chain: Band's Rollercoaster Has Slowed 

"We're not gonna come on and 
bite heads off of chicken, or do 
any rock 'n' roll theatrics. We're 
gonna be on lage and we're 
gonna play the song. There' 
gonna be orne trange things 
projected on the screen behind By Alexa J. Shennan 

Staff Writer 
On the ingle "Reverence" 

from The Jesu and Mary Chain' 
latest release, Honey's Dead, Jim 
Reid ~ings, " I wanna die ju t like 
Je us hrist... I wanna die ju t like 
JFK." During a recent telephone 
interview from a tour top in 
Atlanta, Georgia, Reid sounded 
like he had already died. 

The group is on a tour dubbed 
the "Rollercoaster U.S. Tour" 
with Medicine and Spiritualized 
as the opening acts. The bands 
will perform Sunday at 8 p.m. in 
the Price Center Ballroom. 

A lot of word could describe 
Reid during thi particularly 
delightful conversation. The first 
that come to mind are "apathetic" 
and "cocky." Well, at least you 
can' t accu e Reid of being 
di hone I. A the lead singer of 
The Je u and Mary Chain, Reid, 
with his brother William, has been 
offering audience imple morsels 
of indifference and exi tential 
confusion ever ince his band 
released PsycllOcandy in 1985. 
Since pringing upon the music 
scene, the band has been hailed as 

If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Olsease 
• Clotting factor • Epstein Barr 

deficiency Virus 
• Toxoplasmosis • CMV 
• Chlamydia • Any red blood 

cell antibody 
• Hepatitis A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
II Subsidiary of HtmoCart Corporation 
SAN DIEGO (619)226-1733 

TOIIANCI (310) 61.· .. 73 
WIST HOU.YWOOD (213)654-0565 

You can greatly htlp in Medical 
restarch and trtalmtnt and eant 

$5010 $200 per week! 

" the new Sex Pistols," offering the 
Ii tener abrasive, raunchy, guitar-
infused noi e pop. 

With their founh album, 
Honey's Dead, the Reid brothers 
use the ame recycled melodie 
that are no longer on the cutting 
edge of the new altemati ve rock 
phenomenon. The Jesu and Mary 
Chain were once revered as the 
new rock me siah , re toring 
credibility to a dying art form. But 
Reid, in a fleeting moment of 
humility, admitted, "We never 

. invented thi music, 0 I'm not 
gonna claim that we own il. 
People say it's a brand-new 
sound, but we've just taken 
something that already existed and 
pushed it down the line a little bil. 

" It's not so very difficult to be 
rebellious when you're making 
mu ic. The whole industry caters 
to a child-like mentality and 
anybody that trays from that is 
called rebellious," he said. 

However, perceived as a band 
that doe not comply with 
infantile musical norms, The Jesu 
and Mary Chain was recently 
banned from Britain' glos y 
"Top of the Pops" TV how. This 

You'll be seeln. 
OREEN because 

we're READ 
Quan"" Advert'''", 534-34M 

Pass or don t P"~' 

SMOG 
CHECK $15.99* 

plus $7.00 state celt. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $25.99 
Brakes Speclar$60 
IncIucIn new pads Of shoes. 
resurface rotOfS Of drums. 
check hydraulic system. road test. 
12 1110./12.000 mile warranty 

' ~t~c~a~~ __________ __ 

caD Auto ear. 
Mon.-Frt. 7 ~ pm, Set. 8-5 

6860 MlrMWr Rd., IUIte C 
(behind GoocIyHr) 

s.n Die,o, CA 92121 
(819) 518-2438 

Participants Needed 
for Sperm Donor 

Program 
The Fenility Center of 
Scripp~ Clinic needs healthy. 

male college graduates 
21·40 year ' old for their 
Sperm Donor Program. 
For more infomlation, 

call (619)554-9781 
Monday-Friday. 

I~I ?£~1~~£~1£ 

upset Reid. 
"I'd have rather been on it than 

not, because I think it would have 
been funny to annoy 20 million 
living rooms in Britain," he aid. 
"You name any cool band from 
Britain and chance are they've 
been on Top of the Pop .' 
Nobody tum it down. It ' like a 
statu symbol. When you were a 
little kid you might have walched 
ornebody like T-Rex on it, and 

it's like finally arriving at your 
d tination." 

After all, it i n't as if The Jesus 
and Mary Chain think about it 
mu ic to uch a great eXlent that il 
could have foreseen being banned 
from a pre tigiou music program. 
Referring to how he write hi 
songs, Reid droned, '" don't really 
think about [the meaning of the 
lyrics]. It's pretty in jinctive. You 
can over-analyze where some-
thing come from, and, don'l 
really want to get into that." 

However, Reid was kind 
enough to reflecl upon the 
evolution of 'The Jesus and Mary 
Chain's sound over the years. 
Although it may all sound exactly 
the same to the untrained ear, the 
Reid brothers know their own 
mu ic. Reid said that their 

r.uionaie for making music h 
not changed. 

"We made Honey's Dead for 
the same reasons that we made 
Psychocandy - just to make a 
bener record than anybody else," 
he said. "We go away between 
our albums, check out what 
everybody else i doing, and get to 
the point where we say, 'Well, 
why don't people make mu ic like 
blah, blah, blah, blah,' and we go 
away and make a record of our 
own." 

It took The Jesu and Mary 
Chain three years 10 decide what 
that new,sound for its next album 
should be. Reid said, "We were 
tired of the mu ic industry and we 
like to take time off when we get 
like that It does take a lot of time 
to gel a record together. We don't 
like to put any fillers on; we like 
to make every track a possible 
single. I can't stand it when you 
go and buy a record, and you gel 
cheated; you gel two or three good 
songs, and the re I are all throw-
away lras.h." 

1bese new songs will undoubt-
edly be included in 'The Jesus and 
Mary Chain's show on Sunday. 
Reid hinted Ihat the show will be 
"fairly traditional." 

u , and that' it. We felt for a long 
time that we had to be entenain-
ers, and we don't really give a 
fuck about that anymore. What we 
do i we play mu ic, and if people 
like it, that' fantastic, but if they 
don 'I, we can't apologize." 

Breaking away from guitar-
infused musical noise, the opening 
acts selected personally by 'The 
Je u and Mary Chain will include 
the altemative techno-rockers 
Medicine and Spiritualized. 

1be Los Angeles-based band 
Medicine has just released its 
debut album, Sho/ Forth Self 
Living. 'The nine tracks are fueled 
with over-done guitar feedback 
that drowns out the clearly 
secondary lyrics. 

Spiritualized, Ihough continu-
ing in a similar contemporary 
a1lernative techno-rock vein, may 
have a bit more to offer in its live 
acl. 1be band's name describes ils 
happy, ethereal, spirilUally-
reflective music. It is music thaI 
inviles psychotic, schizophrenic 
delusions of grandeur. Unlike the 
assaulling lechno-noise of bands 
like Medicine, Spiritualized offers 
music that slowly creeps up and 
overtakes your consciousness. 

Film Festival: Unique Short Films Featured 
By Y8ZINn GhoneIm 
Guardian Reporter 

Showcasing ten directors from 
five differenl countries, the 
F eSlival of Short Films is a 
colleclion of ten shon films which 
are unique and powerful enough 
to move you in ten differenl ways. 
The hons are joined together by 
the understanding that all films 
are, in fact, about change through 
movement. 

"Out of Town" (Norman Hull, 
Great Britain), for instance, is a 
hon tory about a traveller trying 

to hilch a ride in the countryside. 
He gets his foot caught in a hole, 
becomes sluck and cannot move, 
The viewer similarly gets caughl 
in this black comedy. 

"Snail' Pace" (Grant Lahood, 
New Zealand), a humorou look 
at a hungry nail' attempt to 
reach an appetizing piece of 
lettuce aero s the treet, brings the 

viewer up close to share the 
snail' perspective by using a 
time-lapse photographic tech-
nique. 

Other shon films take on more 
controversial issues, such as child 
abuse and gambling. One example 
is "The Room" (USA), directed 
by Jeff Balsmeyer, the storyboard 
anist for several films, including 
Do The Right Thing. The film 
analyzes a fictive melhod of 
dealing with the problem of child 
abuse. 'The story is about Johnny, 
a young boy whose parahoid, 
terrorizing father never lets him 
out of his apanment. The boy's 
fantasy of "flying away" and 
being free is depicled by 
Balsmeyer's use of special effecls. 

The question of the relation-
ship between fiction and reality 
also arises in "Work Experience" 
(James Hendrie, Great Britain). 
Terrence Weller (Lenny Henry) is 

looking for a job, but finds that all 
employers want someone with 
experience. As he goes to a 
depanmeru store, he decides to 
hang out and play employee. The 
film shows how smoothly 
Terrence moves inside the job 
market. With an awkward twist at 
the end, however, he decides to 
tackle another field of work and 
"play doctor." 

The other films include: "Dark 
Slide of a Trombone" (Huber 
Toint, Belgium), "Kitchen Sink" 
(Alison Maclean, New Zealand), 
"The Bet" (Ted Demme, USA), 
"Thanksgiving Prayer" (Gus Van 
Sanl, USA), "UHLOZ" (Guy 
Jacques, France) and "The Kiss" 
(Pascale Ferran, France). 

The Festival o/Short Films 
opens loday at the La 10lla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
and runs through Nov. 29. For 
more information, call 454-2594. 

Aladdin: Stuffed with the genie's one-liners 
Continued from H1 
ummarily rubs to produce a genie 

(given life with the voice of Robin 
Williams). The genie helps him in 
his effon to win the princess. 

llle dialogue throughout the 
tory reinforces the theme that 

inner beauty matters, as opposed 
to outer features. However, Ihis 
theme i not really reflected by the 
illustration, ince the heros are 
typically beautiful and the villains 
hideous. 

The eclectic mixture of old 
Disney and modem metaphor 
gives the film a beauty of its own, 
appealing to a wide audience. 
Children will not understand 
Williams' windy oratory, but they 
will appreciate the con tant 
adventure and action the tale 
provides. 

For an one old enough to 

comprehend the genie's allu ion 
to Rodney Dangerfield, the film 
take on a comic tone. There i 
just no way to walch the big, blue, 
bearded genie shape-shift into 
Jack Nicholson for a Williams 
one-liner without feeling a twinge 
of absurdity. 

Comedy rolls out Williams' 
throat like yesterday's uzo. Every 
genie monologue is interspersed 
with comments like "Wake up and 
smell the humus" and "IO,<XX> 
years in a lamp will give you such 
a crick in the neck." 

If those one-liners don't seem 
interesting enough, the film is 
wonh seeing just to hear Gilben 
Gottfried of "USA Up All Night" 
fame lend his screeching voice to 
the evil patrOllago. His grating 
larynx may annoy many B-movie 
fan , but Gottfried makes a damn 

fine parrot. 
Part of the film' s wonder tems 

from it incredible animation. The 
lrong color and three-dimen-

sional movement alone i 
stunning. Scenes inside the palace, 
a collage of aquamarine and other 
soft coloring, make the Sultan's 
home much more visually 
appealing than Snow White' 
castle. 

If the still-scene animation 
seems breathtaking, Ihe added 
magic and action can only be 
described as unbelievable. Toward 
the end of the film, the Sultan's 
evil vizer Jafar gain magic 
power, and his rendering as an all-
powerful wicked sorcerer is the 
mosl powerful ponrayal of 
traditional magic since Mickey 
played The Sorcerer's Apprentice. 

Aladdin open on Nov. 25. 


