
INSIDE .•• 
OPINION 

campaign Politics 
Ruben Duran wants to be 

A.S. pre ident - badly. If 
recent events are any 
indication, he i willing to 
do whatever it take to win, 
within the bounds of law. 
His method may not violate 
any A.S. regulation but they 
give the appearance of poor 
sportsmanship, if not 
desperation / PAGE 4 

SPORTS 

Playoff Express 
The UCSD baseball 

team, ranked 12th in the 
nation, continued its drive 
for the postseason by 
defeating Point Lorna 
Nazarene"on Thursday and 
then sweeping a double-
header from The Master' s 
on Sunday. First baseman 
David Rex had three home 
runs over the three games to 
lead the Tritons' attack / 
PAGE 16 

SUPPLEMENT 

Barcelona '92 
Olympic fever has taken 

over UCSD with the U.S. 
men's basketball team 
coming to the Main Gym 
for its practice sessions, 
Triton tar Scott Sargeant 
heading to the trials in the 
hammer and a parr of Third 
College sophomores 
catching that Barcelona 
fever / PAGE 01 

INDEX 
UCSD Clips ............... 2 
Opinion .................... 4 
Summer Olympics ... 01 
Classlfleds ............. 12 
Sports .................... 18 

Holmes 
Acquitted 
Of Charges 
.Allegations filed by Duran 
against Flaim reviewed 
today; ballots remain sealed 
By Joanne Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

Following an April 17 hearing, the 
Associated Student Election Review 
Committee found A.S. presidential can-
didate Mike Holmes not guilty of charges 
that one of his campaign members ripped 
down opponent Ruben Duran's campaign 
flyers. 

TIle complaint, filed by Juan Astorga, 
chair of the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee. claimed that the Fifth Col-
lege student who tore down one of Duran 's 
campaign flyers and threw it in the trash 
was working for Holmes. 

Duran said he attempted to file an 
additional violation repon against Holmes 

See B.EcnON, Page 3 

Conference 
Celebrates 
Asian Culture 
• UCSD, SDSU students join 
to discuss history and future of 
Asians and Pacific Islanders 
By Chee-Hahn Hung 
Guardian Reporter 

MOND~ 
April 27, 1992 
Vol. 76, NO.9 

Alan Nishio is one of many American 
citizens of Japanese descent born in a 
United States Japanese internment camp 
during World War n. Like most Ameri-
cans, Nishio did not learn anything about 
the internment camps until college. 

Nishio WItS one of several speakers at 
the Asian and Pacific Islander Student 

See CONFERENCE, Page 7 

Sue Mapes/Guardian 
Earth of Many Colors - Friday's day.long Earth Day Festival at the hump featured a garishly-
painted Earth Ball, as well as performances by four bands. In addition to enjoying the music, 
students browsed through booths supporting various environmental causes. 

Mac's Place Hurt by Declining Business 
By Lynn Franey 
Senior Staff Writer 

Mac's Place, the Macintosh com-
puting center in the Price Center, 
celebrated the third anniversary of 
its opening last week amid concern 
over declining usage and increasing 
competition. 

TIle center, which isa University 
Center Board (UCB) entity, pro-
vides Macintosh training and assis-
tance, as well as computer access, 
for UCSD faculty, staff a ... .d stu-
dents. Users pay by the hour to use 
the computers and accoromg to dif-
fering pay scales for the use of more 
specialized equipment, such as scan-
ners and laser printers. 

Before each fiscal year begins. 
the UCB budgets a subsidy for Mac' 
Place according to the amount 
expeditures are expected to exceed 
revenues. 1be UCB oversees the 
student centers with funds from the 
student University Center fees. 

The Mac's Place subsidy is pri-
marily used to pay salaries, since 

about 98 percent of the actual com-
puterequipment is donated by Apple 
Computer and other computer com-
panies, according to Mac's Place 
Manager Mary Pedersen. 

According to Cammie Rice, the 
University Centerbusiness manager, 
in this fiscal year (July 1991 through 
July 1992), the UCB has budgeted 
$28,000 for Mac's Place. 

Pedersen said that last year Mac's 
Place came in under its expected 
budget because it "had a very good 
year," and thus some of the ex-
pected UCB subsidy was not needed. 
This year, however, "we are a little 
off the normal pace" of meeting the 
expected budget, she said. 

For the first six months of this 
fiscal year, Mac's Place was ap-
proximately $4,000' shy of its pro-
jected revenue, the figure on which 
the UCB bases its subsidy, Rice 
said. 

Pedersen indicated, however. that 
the decline in revenue has been ac-
companied by a decline in costs. 

Jason Ritchie/GuNdian 
Lower computer prices are one reason Mac's Place usage is down 

According to Pedersen, declin- purchase their own computers due 
ing customer usage is one of the to declining costs. This increase in 
reasons why Mac' Place is having computerpurchasingalsohelps tu-
difficulties keeping up its revenue. dent who are not able to buy their 

Pedersen attributed the approxi- own computers in that they may 
mately 10 percent fall in customer havemoreaccesstofriends'orroom-
usage to two main factors. First, she mates' computers. 
said, more students are now able to See MACS, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

NEWS IN BRIEF 

William Perlman, SupporterofUCSD 
Medical School, Dies of Heart Failure 

William M. Perlman of La Jolla, a supporter of UCSD, 
died of heart failure earlier this month at the UCSD 
Medical Center. He was 87. 

Perlman and his wife Edith, who died last year, estab-
Ii hed the Edith and William M. Perlman Chair in Clinical 
Cardiology at the School of Medicine and contributed to 
the Ambulatory Care Center named for lhem at the Medical 
Center. The couple had been married since 1952, and had 
lived in La lolla since 1977. 

Construction of the ambulatory care center commenced 
recent I y. The center will house oncology, neurology, car-
diology. internal medicine specialties, obstetrics and 
gynecology. onhopedics and otolaryngology suites. 

TIle center, due for comple tion in spring 1993. is 
expected to increase the Medical Center's outpatient ca-
pacity by 100.000 per year. 

·'Mr. Perlman n t only gave generously to the univer-
ity, he also gave the important gift of hi time and talent 

to its ~tudents and program. ," ' id Qlancellor Richard 
Atkin~on. "lIis warm and compassionate nature will be 
lI1is~ed by his many friencb at UCSD and throughout the 
community." 

Perlman was born in Min~k, Russia, and tr..lveled with 
hi~ purenL, to the United States at the age of 18 months. 

lie attended City College of New York and the 8rooJ-.-
Iyn Law School of St. Lawrence University. In 1927, he 
entered private law pr..lctiee. 

Services were held on April 17. Perlman's family 
rC4uc~t:-. that mcmorial contribution~ be made to the 

ngregation Beth Jsrael Hunger Project. 2512 Third 
Ave .. San Diego. 92103, or to a charity that serve. th 
interc. I~ f young peoplc. 

Scripps Research Vessel Renovated, 
To Begin Cruise Following Outfitting 

TIle newly renovated reseurch vessel Me/l,jlle, oper.lled 
b~ ScriPPI> lnstitution of Oceanogrnphy (S[O), left a ship-

Calvin and Hobbes 
t()\l£ ! IIHKI. 
t.F1t~ t I'IJf ... 
't«:IIt,1', IH IUIW 
S11~ ~tIOC~\) lilt 
(X)'fjl-l MiO~\(m> 
\If. ttl M SIlINS! 

\1.IA.\ OOESl-IT 
9)\)1\\) l\~£ 

10010\\\,\(; 
l'O!'\)l",R IN . 

HOI'£ ~ \<\~ 
\l()\l:O sc.o\>'l. 
~')c~mlt\~ 
W\l()\o\G ,IjO"'I\I! 
\1.1£ 1U~t.TS 
<:iI'II()IJ')l~ w,'I£ 

~ t~FL\lQl(t 
0« ME. ! 

E'I£~OOI: ~~\'5 It> KIi()o.j 
'fI"'''" 1\1£ F\)T\J~ I-(OLDS. 
\!\IT 'lOU .)\lSI \W4t:. T~ w,t.1I 
r-..... ~""'lIl IT \l~S. 

The UCSD Guardian 

yard in Amelia, La. on Mar. 17 after having undergone 
lengthening and full-scale refitting. 

TIle hip, now modemized for future ocean research pr0-
grams, traveled to its home pon in San Diego to undergo 
funher ootfining in preparoltion for its first scientific cruise, 
scheduled for July. 

TIle 23-year-old Melville, owned by the U.S. Navy and 
oper.lled by Scripps under a charter from the Office of Naval 
Re earch (ONR), received a new propulsion system and was 
increased in length from 245 feet to 279 feet. Most of the multi-
million dollar cost of the project was funded by ONR. 

" It i critical to several upcoming major ocean research 
programs, dealing with areas such as global environmental 
change, for the oceanographic community to have state-of-
the-an research vessels such asMelville." said Edward Frieman. 
SIO director. 

"The ship. with it improved capacities and increased 
scientific work areas, will serve a wide variety of national and 
international research goals over the next two decades." 
Frieman added. 

Built into the hull of Me/ville is a seafloor surveying system 
called SEA BEAM 2000. developed in conjunction with SIO 
scientists. 

The mulli-beam, echo-sounding system is capable of 
mapping a wide swath of the ocean floor while the ship i 
traveling over it. 

FROM OTHER CI\MPUSES 

Orbach Takes Over as UC Riverside 
Chancellor following Schraer's Death 

Raymond Orbach, provost of UCLA's College of Letters 
and Sciences, assumed the duties of the UC Riverside chan-
cellorship April 20. 

Orbach replace Rosemary Schraer, who died of a stroke on 
April 10. Shraer, 67, was duc to retire on June 30 after five 
years as UCR chancellor. 

"It is in the best interests of the Riverside campus ... to 
begin Chancellor Orbach's administr.uion now rdther than 
later," said UC President David Gardner. "(Orbach' ] pres-
ence will offer stabili ty to UCR during this very difficult time." 

Fred Zucker, UCR vice chancellor for enrollment manage-
ment, said that although Orbach would have liked a more 

by Bi II Watterson 

nI£ PAP£R 
S~O\lU) PRI~r 
MOMs OA.tl"i 

PR~DKn~<; . 
7U()S£ S\IRt 
COlE TQ.\l£ . 

NO. G£r 
~fA 
(J:1:IJ L\lCK 
(AARlII . ~, 
I\EIl£ CQto\tS 
AJfG11tU 1l~1ll' 

lIE'! MQto't, C~I-l r 
G£\ ~ PLASnc. 

SIl~£It'l? ~~ 
111£ CELEI!RmES 

1\OrI~~ , CEL£~R 11\£5 ~££C nit: FAT 
S\)((tO 01)1 Of nI£IR SIV.I~<; . tlCT 
M .\R ~TToIo\S. 'N~T 00 £M~~ 
00 ~O\) WA.~I C\\~Gtt)l> iO'J'R£ 

00 II! F I~~ 1\\£ 'fl!\'( 
~OO ~QE ! 

......... 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

relaxed transition, "he i ready." 
Orbach ~aid his top priority i "to recover from !lie 

tragic, sudden los of Chancellor Schraer's leadership, and 
to maintain the momentum that UCR had enjoyed under 
her able and loving stewardship." 

- UCR IfICIUndtII 
More Band Members Charge UC 
Davis Band with Sexual Harassment 

At least three current band members have privately 
acknowledged that problems with the behavior and ani-
tudes of the UCDavisCal AggieMarchingBandstillexist, 
according to UCD Srudent Activites Advisor Keny Smith: 

Smith also said that six fonner band members all 
recentJy came forward to corroborate allegations of sexism 
and hazing originally made by fonner band members Julie 
Graham, Jason Tescher and Holly Potier. 

Smith would not release the names of the current band 
members confirming the allegations and refused to give 
further details on the narure of their complaints. but said 
band members acknowledged that progress has been made 
toward rectifying the problems. 

1bedevelopmentscomeontheheelsofnewallegations 
of sexual harassment within the band which were brought 
forward last week at a campus National Organization of 
Women (NOW}-sponsored press conference, and follow 
Andy Austin's removal as student director of the band for 
allegedly harassing Graham. 

Although Austin said the admini tration R:quested that 
he not direct the band during UC Davis' Picnic Day, he 
wore his student director uniform and marched at the front 
of the band during the Picnic Day parade. 

Austin said he took the space in front of the band 
because it was the position given him by band members 
and was wearing the director's uniform because it is the 
only band uniform he owns. 

In addition, Austin was seen carrying a director's baton, 
which he claims he picked up after someone dropped it. 

NOW coordinator Faith Tusing, who was protesting 
the band's participation in Picnic Day, said she had "mixed 
reactions" on seeing Au tin's panic ipation in the band. 

" He put an egg on the administration's face." Tescher 
said. "He snuck around the rules." 

After maintaining the band 's musical reputation by 
winning the Battle of the Bands, Austin said, "I am very 
proud of theCal AggieMarchingBand. I think we m:rrehed 
in one of the bes(showsin thehi tory of Picnic Day. I hope 
the campus would be proud of the band and I hope the 
administration would be proud of the band." 

- KJmI YOShino, The CaJJIomIa AifI!)e 

GUARIlIAN 
JASON SNEll., EIItor In ChIef 
PETER KO, Man¥c ElIt.Of 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0piJI0n ElItor 
MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Associate Hiatus EdJtof 
JAMES COWER, Dest:n EdItor 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy EdItor 
JOSEPH GARCIA, Hiatus EIItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, News EdItcN 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, Associate Qlpy EdItDr 
SUE MAPES, Associate Photo Edtot 
MB. MARCELO, GnIph/cs ElItor 
DAN MCDOWEU. Photo EIItor 
PHIUP MICHAB.S, 4ssociate Opnion EdItoI' 
KEN PERlMAN, Spotts E4tot 
ANGElA ROVA, Spectacle EdItor 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Associate News Edtw 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, Associate News EdItor 
WILEEN WONG, ASIJocIate HIatus &Ita 
GREGG WRENN, A5SC.'date Sports EIItor 
_10< St.ll Writ..., Btyan Di,S. Jeroy Galana. Mellnd, Ham"ton. Josn 
Odinu. ChrIS Re""er. Bren Rhyne. Mat1l1ew RObonson. MicIloel Scnwartz. Paul 
BlsIlop SkiMz"e 
S_ Wrlt8n: Debra B,on5to",. Justine Cogan. Stephanie Danford. Joanne 
Donahoe. Ben ElCln. Dan Gebler. Kirsten Har-son. Dan Krauss. Scott 
DI<a~oto. Suzanne Phan. 5<l18M8 Porusn. TrKI Powell. JOIln Rice. Kara SaIII. 
David Snow. Teel 5<lnoo. JOIln Sweeney 
_ AMIeant: Chris Roani" 
1._RonCacliz. Rocer Kuo. Carin L ..... Leigh Anne McComaugt>ey. LI .. 
Mulvaney. Adnano Munoz. Ryuta NaII_Jlma. Katy Roe. Marc UPter&rove 
PlIo ....... .., Ate. Kiyuaner. Saul Le-;one. Paul Mackey. Chuck Nguyen. 
Jennifer Yam. Ivny ZOot 
c." 11_: M,chelle Chlana. Mon,ea Goufl. Mon,ca Roach. Jessie Spri .. 
____ Melinda Hamilton 

BOB DeANDREA, BusIness Manager 
MICHAEl. FOULKS, ~",anager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdWtttlsItW lJMItpJer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, CIassItIed RepteSentatIve 
-....._-_ .... GaI~ Fem!O:n. I(ej ~. u.. Mane VobIidt 
--.:-_ Meyer. Paolo V_ 

~ JOe Lee. Sarnarh Sherr 

nw LCSD '"- & IUii!Iood .......,. " nua,s .... " _ '/fM ." " lor U. _oILCSD.~oIthS ...... in .. """_".".OIin .. __ 
.1IrdIy..- e lm ..... _ nw LCSDa... .... __ lortllo_1I 
_ ................ lhe __ ",........, .... -.._"'1111 
~_ .. _oII11eLCSD_""~oI~ ... _ 
51_ nw\.t'SD"'-"Mctod_.,,~a...~ . ......,£Do.,,'-
EdtorW: 534aIO, ....... 0tIce: 134 34 ••• FIJI: 1i34-7Q1 
UCSD GuanIIan, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 Act»aI_: __ • uc:so __ .-... 'A' 

" 

Monday, April 27, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Committee Approves Audit of UC 
The loint Legislative Audit Committee voted 

Thursday to approve an audit of the University of 
California and the perts and salaries of its top 22 
executives, The committee also requested that the 
university provide funding for the audit 

In the letter, Gardner pledged " the university's 
full and unqualified cooperation" and offered what-
ever funding is necessary for the audit. 

State Senators David Roberti (D-Los Angeles) 
and Quentin Kopp (I-San Francisco) requested the 
audit last week in the wake of conrroversy sur-
rounding outgoing UC President David Gardner's 
pension. 

Mike Alva, a spokesman from the Office of the 
UC President, declined to say where funds for such 
an audit may come from, saying it had not come up 
for consideration yet. 

Representatives from the Auditor General's of-
fice have e timated the audit will take one or two 
months to complete and require 22 people, costing a 
total of $90,000. Gardner authOred a letter to Assemblyman Rob-

ert Campbell (D-Richmond) and Senator Ken Maddy 
(R-Fresno), the chair and vice chair of the audit 
committee, respectively, 

The AuditorGeneral's ofticecould not be reached 
Friday for prediction of when the audit would begin. 

- Melinda Hamilton 

ELECTIONS 
Continued from page 1. 
on April 14, charging that Holme 
failed toclaim all campaign materi-
als used. but the repon was not 
ac epted because it was filed after 
the filing deadline. 

According to Dur.1n. he origi -
nally intended to tile the complaint 
on April 9 at approximately 1:30 
p.m. He alleges that he was 
" harrassed" by Elections Commit-
tee Manager Jennifer Flaim and 
topped from filing the charge. On 

April l4, Dur.in tiled a complaint 
again t Flaim. alleging misinforma-
tion and harmssment; he al 0 tried 
to file the allegations against 
Holme . but the report was not ac-
cepted. 

A judicial hearing. which was 
scheduled for this morning. will re-
view the charges against Flaim. If 
found guilty, Flaim may be com-
pelled to hold a hearing on Dudn's 
charges offailure in claiming cam-
pai gn materials against Holmes. 

The long-term effect, according 
to Duran. would be that the exact 
deadlineforfilingcomplaints, which 
Dudn ays are not pecified in the 
election bylaws. will be clarified. 

Flaim, who did not want to com-
ment about her case, did note thaI 
there would not be a Judicial Board 
hearing unless there was a di. agree-
ment about the allegations. She also 
denied the allegations, sayi ng she 
did not harrass Dunin into not filing 
the violation report against Holmes. 

Astorga said that hc Ii led c harges 
against based on information he re-
ceived about the woman tearing 
down flyers . "My friend from Fifth 
College called and was really upset 
by what this woman had done. To 
me her actions were inconsiderate 
and very much uncalled for," 
Astorga said. 

" J asked around and seveml stu -
den~ said that the woman was in 
fact working for Mike and so I then 
decided to file the charges, ., Astorga 
said. 

Natasha Kapoor, a suitemate of 

"TllltNINf.: 

the woman .Iccused of tearing down 
flyers. witnessed the act and told 
Astorga. 

"She [the woman] told me she 
wru on Mike 's campaign and that' s 
why I called [Astorga]. I didn' tthink 
it was right for her to be tearing the 
sign down." Kapoor said. However, 
Kapoor said that the student in-
fonned her later that she was just 
"for" Holmes and not actually on 
hi campaign. 

Holmes also aid that the ~tu­
denl, who wishes (0 remain anony-
mous. wa~ not on his campaign. 
"The lir.;t time I ever saw her W,lS on 
the momingofthehearing.l'dnever 
even met her before," Holmes said. 

Several sources claim that 
Holme and the woman did !"now 
each other based on testimony be-
fore and during the hearing. "I went 
up to Mike Holmes before the in-
quiry and told him about the charges 
being filed against him. He said he 
knew the alleged woman and that 
she was 011 his campaign," Dur.1n 

See ELECTIONS, Page 8 

grand opening special 

12!A/(/N#£t 
SALON 

We have opened our location in La Jolla 
and are otlerlng a 

30 0/0 OFF CUTS, 
COLOR, PERMS, 

& HIGHLIGHTING 
from classic c ul s to the most current '92 
cuts , Take advantage 0' this exceptional 
opportunity by booking an appointment 

With the Dearinger creative learn 
First time chents only , please . 

Free consultations . OHer expires 5 / 4 J92 

454-1000 
6875 La Jolla Blvd . (at Nauti lus) 

NEWS 3 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

MeA T 
THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 

· The * 1 MeAT course in San Diego! 
• The ~ documented MeAT scores 
• ~ of proven success 
• The only course run by people in medicine. MeAT prep is 
our specialty and it's all we do! 

• Taught by top UCSD faculty and M.D.-PhD candidates 
who are experts in intensive MeAT prep 

• Taught on campus at the Medical School 
• Lectures. workshops. small study groups and free tutoring 
• Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~\ NOW ENROLLING FOR SUMMER '92 lWJ CALL (619)45&4848 

UCSD SPECIALS 
...... 

I¢t:!f' I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
"0'" Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

I)f) Nf)'r (~f»)II~ ')'f) 
Illlll\rf) Illlll(~I~I .. f)Nl' II~ 
Yf)I] "liN')' ')'DI~ Sll)ll~ () IJ) f, 111~i'SY 'Ill(~f). Minor Tune Up Special ,$29 *(reg. $55) 

Do feel free to join us if you're in the mood for authentic 
Spanish cuisine at fantastic prices on a beautiful 

ocean-view terrace in downtown La Jolla. 
.--
• 

(TSn SI·I~(:tU. II, .///I " drn 1.11111 II "' IJiIlIII " .. -. 

: 1 TAPA (appetizer) ~orth$395 
:&1 DRINK J' 
I 

WEDNESDAYS ARE UC SANGRIA NIGHTS! 
$10 Pitcher serves 6 (wilh or,ler .. r ... g. 11rice ,linner ur lapa.) 

YOUR CHOICE OF: 
TORTILlA ESPANOU 
Spanish potato quiche 
PAN TOMACA. 

ENSAUDA RUSA 
Potato, tuna fish, eggs and spices 
PAElLA. TAPAS 
Rice dishes 
SANG IUA (N!</ or ...Itile) SOfT DRINKS 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Bread, cheese, tomato, parsley and secrets 
PATAT..4S BRAYAS HOU E WINE WEU COCKTAILS 
Potatoes in tomato sauce with red l.lCpper 

AUTHENTIC SPANISH C UISINE 

COFFEES MARGARITAS 

1295 Prospect St. #201 
in Downtown La Jolla 

456-1579 

1. Spar!<; plugs Our tune up includes a 10/ more man o/flers. It mcludes: 
2. Distributor points 6 Clean & replenish all fluid & orllevels 10. Ched\ undercarnage lor damages 
3. CondensetS 7. Check brakes I\. Check cooing syslem & hoses 
4. Ad,ustlmng 8. Check cJutcll 12. Road tesl 
5. Adjust dwell angle 9. Check IIghls 

, 2:=~Oint ~!jp.!.!e!~~~§.eeCial l'~~~· 
2. Valve adjuSlmer.: 1 \. Adjust timing 

Replace ' 12. Adjust dwell angle 
3. Valve cover gaskel 13. AdJust caiburelor 
4 Spark plugs 14. Adjust steering box 
5. Distributor points 15. Adjus 1IIr & luel ratIO mIX 
6 Condensers. 16. Adjust dutcll 
7. Alr 11~8I . 17. Adjust brakes 
8. OIl fi~er . 18. Adjust emergency brakes 
9. Gas liHer. and 19. Check & adJUSI exposed 
10. Engine o~ belts 

20. Lube fronl end 

21 . Check 8 replenish al 
lIU1d and oil levels 

22. Check elelrrcal system 
23 Check lor loose or 10Sl 

bolts 
24 Check brakes 
25 Check cltJlcIl 
26 Check hghts 
27. Check undercarnage lor 

damages 

28. Check and recharge 
banery. if necessary 

29. Rotale bres (II needed) 
30. Check bre jl(essure 
31. Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33. Check cooing system & • 

hoses 
34 Check exhaust syslem 
35 Road test 

Not.: F0I6~ cars add S20 Toyota Slpas. add $30 Datsun 200SX Wllh 8 spar'< plugs. add $35 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
Werep/8C8: 

1. Transmission input shah seal (excep! 
, Hondas 
2. Pressure plale 
3. Clutcll disc 

4. Throwout bearing 
5. Pilol bearings 
6. New transmission oil . 
7. Road tesl 

NOle: Hydraulic parts are nol covered. 
Nollor 4WD. Front wheel dtive extra. 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Fron/ or rear. Brake job Includes: 

It. !n~ special new. pads or install rear bral!e shoes 5. Bleed entire bral!e system 
2. Drain old brake fluid . 6. Adjust Ironl (il aums) and rear shoes 
3. Insped complele hydraulic system 7. Replace front rolor seals Of rolor 1\Jm) 
4. Relilf hydraulIC tluld 8. Road lest 
Ojott: HycIr_ pans art no« nctOOed 

8r811d new ....-t., AM IIbout our apec:lal rat •• 'or ..... n. ov.rtulUl .. 
All our work h .. a 2·y .... or 20,00CMni1e limited warranty . 

All price. Include parts and labor. 

Ouers~a~ ('most cars) WI ~~ 8008 Miramar Rd. 89s-1990 AuIDmotlve ....... s Wrth thiS-ad. Expires Sll ~m. 
..... (;a/l for appoinlment:' 

•••••••• Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 



OPINION 
40PINlON 

EnIlDRTATS 
----- ------

Editorial Board 
JASON SNELL. Editor in Chief 
PETER KO, Managing Editor 
MARY BElTY HEARD, News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK, Opinion Editor 
T/~ ucso Cuardhut "pubUWd , .. .cc II wed. It the UnIYCI'\II)' ofCalifomll. San DIt&O Conlcn~ OIWl. 

VIC"'~~'\prtSsoJ twt't'tn ~p,.nrnllht: rna".,l), "'Ok oflhc cdllonaJ board, and an Me ne.,.··UlMlly thoic 01 the' 
UC Boatd 01 RC,CRb . lhe ASUCSO. nor the enure Gu.utbmt iU!f 

DI RTY POLITICS 

Slick Ruben Shows Sign of Strain 
Harry Truman once ..aid that "if you want to get on the front page 

of a newspaper you should attack someone. especially when you're 
in politics." Invariably, there comes a time in every aspiring 
politician's career when he must cast aside his slick. professional 
veneer and attack his opponent, viciou Iy if necessary, but never at 
the ri k of losing VOles. 

Ruben Duran wanlS to be A.S. president - badly. And if recent 
events are any indiClltion, he will do whatever iltakes to win, within 
the bounds of the law. of course. His methods may not violate any 
A.S. rule or regulation. but they give the appeamnce at least of poor 
sponsmanship. if not desperation. The campaign did not go well for 
Dur.in. He received only 32.2 percent of the vote in the general A.S. 
election. While it wa.\ en ugh to qualify him for the run-off election. 
hi:. chief rival, Mike Holme~, ~lIl1 led him at the polls by more than 
10 percent. 

The ~haoow of delcut appeared to be looming large for Dur.in. On 
the uftemoon before the run-off. he filed two complaint~ about the 
ekelton pr<X.e .,~. one Jgall1~t I 101111e~, allcging that hc had fabified 
ht, record, con..:cming u'-'! of campaign material" and one agall1~t 
A.S. Elcction, Manager lenntferAaim. aecu~lI1g herof" ll1appropri -
ate conduct and mi,managelllent of thc electioll':' 

The charge agalnM Iiolme~ w~ dropped because Dur.i.n tiled it 
too late. Thl.! charge agaln~t Rnim. however. rcmamed. By accw,ing 
the election mana!!crofmisconduct, Dur.ln not only forced the issue 
before the A.S. Judicial Board. but abo delayed the tabulation of the 
run-off ball ts unlil the matter b res Ivcd. 

A hearing ..:onceming the charge~ against Flaim was M:heduled 
for Ihi, morning at 7:30 a.m. (Ihe outcome of which was not known 
at press time ). If the judicial board dectded in favor of Duran, it 
would mo~tlikely invalidate the results of the election. forcing yet 
an ther run-off contest. If. on the other hand, the judicial board 
decided in favor of Raim. the run-off ballots will be tabulated and 
DurJn wtll have to pray thaI he fared mueh better this time around. 

Usually the consummate profes:.ional. and a/ways the charming 
politician. Dudn ha~ begun to ~how signs of stmin. TIle charm has 
all but disappe4I1'Cd. and hb taclic have grown III re and more rJSh. 
Forex;ullple. after he failed to receive the Guardian's endorsement. 
Dunin distributed campaign litemture which included excerpb from 
one of our editorials. as well as the endorsements of other former 
A.S. officers. At the boltom of the flier, Duran admonished. "The 
Guardiall got it wrong." 

Th1t may be. ot that the Gllardiall'~ failut\: to endon;c Dur:Ul has 
ever StOPped him before. In 1990. when Dunin r,Ul for Vice-President 

dministrJtive, the Gl/arC/iull endo~ J~ Reiner in the genentl 
election and Mike H hnes in the run-off. Dur.in won anyway. 

till. there has been Illuch bitterness about the way the elections 
turned out this year relative to the Guurdial/'s endor..ements. One 
candidate who w,lS not endo~ed und lost the election - and who 
happened to be a mcmberofDur.in·s S.M.I.L. -. slate - harJngued 
a Guardian reponer for seveml minutes, lecturing her that the editors 
have no right to dicutte the outcome the elections with their obvi-
ously "unfair" endorsements. It is impossible 10 know whether or not 
the candid::lIe would have felt differently had he won. 

metimes candidates manage to win despite our endorsement. 
Dur:in is one especially notewonhy case. Nor is nn endor..ement 
ncce. ....... arilya guarantee of vict !)'. In 1990, we endorscxl current AS. 
Pn:sidem Agustin Orozco for VP External. He I(k,\ to M By McK<1y. 
Over the last five y~, 86.4 percent of the candidates in contested 
e\ection~ endorsed in these pages have won - a high number. to be sure, 
but b no mean~ imrn-sible to overcome. 

In light ofDur.ln's recent behavior. his qua li fications to head the 
A. . Council are even more questionable. The closer he approache 
defeat, the more nu h he becomes. He lashes out at hi opponent with 

un~upponed c1nims of elections improprie ties aftera fili ng dendline. 
only to have his charges dismi :.ed. He then accuses the elections 
manager of "mi~conduct." trying 10 get his charges against his 
pponent rein~tated . He delays the outcome of the election ' by more 

than a week to pursue charges which. in all likelihood. were 
concocted to delay the inevitable. 

nd hould Duran actually win. what are the students to make of 
his victory? This ordidaffair is typical of the 'Iimy tactics that have 
becorn the noml in politics todny. Student. already cyniC<\1 of the 
ineffectual A.S. government will find no redeeming value in this sad 
pectacle. Better that the mailer be resolved without going through 

the uflpleasantnessofyet anotherrun-off election. Enough i enough. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1992 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Self-Governance Will Save the A.S. 
• The only cure for ineffectual government and an 
apathetic student body is to give everyone a voice 
By Ely Rabanl 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

At many other universities, students, faculty 
and administration are prutncrs in the co-gover-
nance of the university. Each segment actually 
has a say in the way things are run. Because 
students are meaningfuUy involved in the pro-
ce S, they come to understand both the rights and 
responsibilities of self-governance: student gov-
ernment maners. It also avoids the divisions and 

non~mmunicatjon endemic to UCSD - be-
cause the segments are brought together regu-
larly, they understand each other. 

Students and faculty have many interests in 
common which could thus be funhered, and bet-
ter student-faculty interaction - the need for 
which is increasingly recognized - would also 
be promoted. Director of Student Government 
Randy Woodard stated ttultthe A.S. has"notdone 
the job lof] developing a strong working relation-
ship with the Academic Senate. ,. 

Substantive co-govemance would also miti-
gate the lackofcontinuity in theA.S. by providing 
a significant, continuous focus. Positions will 
have to be staggered to address these associated 
needs. 

This year's "improved" ASUCSD voter turn-
out still consisted of fewer than one in eight 
undergraduates. Why? Because students see that 
student government at UCSD is fairly powerless 
as it exists. Why? Because the administration 
does not particularly respect the right of the A.S. 
to act when it disagrees. Why? In part because the 
A.S. has no mandate from those it purports to 
represent; if 88 percent of students deem it insig-
nificant, why should the administration disagree? 
And downward the spiral continues. 

But another part of the problem is to 00 found 
in the way the A.S. is structured. It is insulalcd 
from, rather than responsive to, the student body. 
It does not distribute its internal resources in a 
mannerfacilicating effective panicipation in what 
little c()-govemance there is. It does not offer 
much to attract participation by students - self-
governance - in student government or co-
governance. And these facts both depend on and 
recreate apathy. Apathy is a self-fulfilling proph-
ecy. 

Even within the cootc~t of its existing truc-
ture. theA.S. has becnsomewhalladting. Woodard 
agrees that the A.S. has been less effective than it 

could be at bringing change. But the point is that 
change must occur both in action and in structure 
- both must change together if anything worth-
while i to result. 

Action depends on goals, and they in tum 
depend on consciousness. But goals and con-
sciousness are a function of structure - what the 
A.S. is. Now the structure includes an integral ser 
of blinders. Lfthe A.S. is "sand-box-govemment" 
then only the most trivial of results are to be 
expected. 

As Ja.wn Snell pointed out ("A Few Do and 
Don'ts For the Upcoming Year" Apr. 16), 
"[s]tudents seem to be frustrated - or, at best, 
completely apathetic - about the ASUCSD." 
But if it's apathy, then it's apathy connected with 
the anticipated inertia, not the need for change. As 
the crisis facing the UCdevelops, student govern-
ment becomes an essential means of self-defense 
against the multi-pronged attacks we face. 

But this very same crisis, which does create 
problems for us, also presents options which don't 
oTdinarilyexistltalsochangcstheadministration's 
interest-strucrure. There is an interest in avoiding 
conflict with students when, in the wake of 
"Pensiongate," the UC must defend its budget. If 
factionalization is evident in a university faced 
with cuts, its administration in particular stands to 
lose. 

1lle question remains whether work toward 
change i most profitable from within the existing 
structure or at the level of basic structure. Snei1 
asserted that •• there is nothing but failure waiting 
down" the path suggesred by any A.S. desire to 
"save" the university. 

1lle problem here is thai nothing but failure 
also lies down the path of university ruin.lt's clear 
that students alone can't save the university; but 
it's also clear that it will change drastically. in 
ways adverse to us, if we focus only on the 
margins. This is precisely why co-governance, 
now, is so importanL The university as a whole 
stands to fare better if there is unity and c0-
operation. Gradualism will itsclflead to the worst 
possible failwe. 

But let's also examine the alternative scenario: 
thai privatization is inevicable. If it comes to pass 
thaa enrollment shrinks and tho5c remaining pay 
their full tuition, it follows that there is an even 
more compelling case for co-govcmance: those 

See A.S., Page 6 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

CLOSE-UP 

Abortion and 
the Truth 
• 'Pro-choice' and other 
such jargon conupts 
language and distorts reality 
By MIguel Buckenmeyer 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

According to UCSD graduate stu-
dent Mark Slouka, in every centu!), 
language has been used todescribe real-
ity simply. On the contrary, language in 
the 20th century has done everything 
but describe reality. The degradation of 
language has led to the corruption of 
many regimes. 

For instance, Mussolini, Hitler and 
Stalin were all masters in corrupting 
language. Each developed the cult of 
personality and effectively utilized pro-
paganda. 

Even before the rise of the aforemen-
tioned leaders, Joseph Conrad, in hi 
book Heart of Darkness, made a con-
nection between the corruption of lan-
guage and death. The protagonist , 
Marlow, notes that "lies have the smell 
of mortality." Indeed, each of these 
maniacal leaders understood how to 
manipulate language and, in fact , used 
language to kill enem ies and mill ions of 
innocent people. 

In our own country we are the vic-
tims of the corruption oflanguage which 
also has the smell of monality. We 've 
all heard the term "pro-choice" so many 
times that it is ingrained into our minds 
and it occupies our reflections about the 
subject of abortion. 

This is the modem corruption of 
language. After hearing rhetoric similar 
to "choice" and a "woman's right to 
control her own body," we start to be-
lieve the distortions of reality as truth. 

Many women and men spit out the 
terms with no idea of what abortion 
really involves. 

Abortion has nothing to do with 
choice. Instead, it has everything to do 
with the question of whether or not a 
fetus is life and Ifso, ifit is entitled to the 
same protection under the constitution 
as you and I. 

Feminists and abortionists have suc-
cessfully corrupted the language sur-
rounding abortion and consequently 
distorted our view of reality. By making 
it an issue of choice and self-determina-
tion for women - essentially pervert-
ing the issue - pro-abortionists h<1ve 
brought about unparalleled mortality in 
our own society. Reality has been trans-
formed from the gruesome deaths of 
developing fetuses into the right to 
choose. 

When eighth-grader Jamie Earnest 
showed videos of actual abonions to her 
classmates, she brought reality back to 
those unwiJIing to accept it. The parents 
quoted in the story which appeared in 
the Sail Diego U lIioll-Tribtme ("Teacher 
Under Fire for Letting Student Show 
Abonion Tape," Friday, April 10) are 
the victims of the corruption of lan-
guage and the subsequent denial of real-
ity. 

"Whm ki nd of psychological dam-
ageandtmuma doe thatkindofunnec-
essary gore and human destruction vi it 

See ABORTION, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

There Is No Justification for Capital Punishment 
Editor: 

Matthew Robinson's article "Exposing 
the Many Myths of Capital Puni hment" 
(Guardiall,ApriI20) is not only cold-hearted, 
but empty-headed as well. Robinson states 
about Roben Hanis' case that "a battery of 
lawyers.psychologi tsand 'experts' ... have 
asserted that he i not guilty." This is not 
true. Robert Hanis' guilt is unquestionable. 
Robinson implies in this article that Harris' 
lawyers tried to prove his innocence when in 
fact they did not. Rather, they attempted to 
change hi death semence to life imprison-
ment without parole. 

Robinson further a~serts "a jury has con-
victed Harris by the procedures and proper 
means of law and ju tice." Were these "proper 
means" the incompetent representation.poli-
tics, corruption, prejudice and overzealous 
prosecutors motivated more by ambition 
than a sense of justice or just plain bad luck 
that put only a hMdfulofmurderers on death 
row while leaving the vast majority wilh 
Ie ser sentences? 

Robinson states, "[Tlhe argument of cost 
is, of course, ridiculous .. . u ing the com-
plexity oflaw ngainstjustice, instead of in its 
service." Costs of implementing the death 
penalty in the state of California are ne es-
sary because it is impossible to rectify mis-
takes. 

Although a financial burden, the appeals 
process of California has ensured that no 
innocent person has been sentenced todeath. 
A Stanford Law Review tudy found in the 
last century that 139 people who were con-
demned to death and 22 who were actually 
executed were later found to be innocent. 
Fortunately, none of these came from Cali-
fornia . 

Robinson's second point tries to show 
that capital punishment actually shows re-
spect for human life by making the murderer 
"suffer the consequences." First of all, all 
murderers do not suffer the same conse-
quences. With roughly 20,000 homicides 
each year in the United States, about 4.000 
people are conv icted of murder and about 
250 are sentenced to death. 

Capital punishment is not determined by 
the crime, but instead by the attitudes of the 
police and prosecutors. Lhe skill of the court-
appointed defense counsel and the preju-
dices of the judges and juries. 

Secondly, it seems unreasonable that a 
country as mighty as the United States should 
feel secure by killing a mentally defunct 
individual like Robert Hanis rather than 
locking him up forever in a cage in San 
Quentin. Even if, for the sake of argument, it 
is agreed that the wgrJd is a beller place with 
Robert Hanis gone, it does not mean he 
should be killed. 

The misuse of power has occurred 
throughout history when governments are 
given the right to kill. Governments use this 
right disproportionately on the poor and 
those who cannot adequately defend them-
selves. 

Further, Robinson makes M unwarranted 
stab at Amnesty International being 
un upportive of the families of Harris' vic-
tims. Amnesty International sympathizes 
with the relatives of murder victims, as do all 
abolitionist groups, but Amnesty also un-
derstands that we can't have ajustice system 
that is designed imply to act as an avenging 
angel. 

I am sure that Hanis ' death will bring 
comfort to the families of some of his vic-
tims. There is comfort when the case is 
finally over. However, that ame ense of 
finality would have come if. 14 years ago, 
they had sentenced him to life and thrown 
away the key. 

Sentencing Robert Harris to death ju t 
kept his name in the headlines for another 
decade, agitating the wounds and prevent-
ing healing from taking place. That ' one 

rea.~on why many families of homicide vic-

tims oppose the death p<::nalty (Murder 
Victim's Families for Reconcilimion). The 
death penalty simply aggrandizes the killer. 

Robinson c1aim~ that a myth of the death 
penalty is that it is mcially applied. He 
reasons thecauseof40 percent of death row 
population being bluck rom pared to a na-
tional population of 12 percem, is that there 
is a disproportionate amount of crime in 
inner-ci ty areas (and I as ume he is referring 
to these inner-dry popul31ionsa.~ being A fro-
American). 

If Robinson is assuming, as I am led to 
believe. that these highly violent inner-ci ty 
areas u e C<\pital punishment to improve the 
safety of their own areas. then these inner-
city citizens must be killing ther inner-cilY 
ci tizens, i.e. blacks must be killing blacks. 

Why is it then that 1.5 percent of the total 
death row population con ists of blacks 
who have killed another black while 89 
percent of death row is comprised of blacks 
who killed whites? 

The empty gestureofcapital punishment 
di stmcts society's anention from the diffi-
cult challenge of finding effective solutions 
to Ihe very real problem of violence. Capilal 
punishlm:nt is not a deterrent. There IS no 
justice in murder whether it be performed 
by an individual or by the state. 

Mandy Van Zytveld 
Amnesty InternationaJ 

Student Area Coordinator of the 
San Diego College Region 

'Fighting Words' Policy 
Protects Students From 
Verbal Harassment 
Editor: 

I am writing this letter in response to 
Barbam Labinger' s "The Mystique of Fight-
ing Words" commentary (Apr. 9). Because 
of her ignorance on the topic, her commen-
tary only helped to pread a senseless para-
noia about the UC policy of "fighting words." 

Everybody is truly entitled to their opin-
ion, but I would think the Guardiall would 
strive to print commentaries by those who 
have adequately researched their topic and 
can support their claims with facts, not 
fiction. 

I will begin by stating that I do not in any 
way support discrimination of people based 
on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, 
nationality, etc. The sole purpose of the UC 
"fighting words" policy is to prevent stu-
dents from having to endure austere condi-
tions of harassment, not to change society's 
attitudes. 

As a result, when Labingersays, "speech 
codes only prohibit the outward manifesta-
tion of the problem. The prejudices and 
attitudes behind 'fighting words' exist in-
temally;' she misses the point of the policy. 

The policy's purpose is to maintain an 
environment which lacks the "hostile and 
intimidating"elements,notremovesociety's 
hatred. Education is the key LO removing the 
"internal" hatred. 

The whole point of having a "fighting 
words" policy is to help maintain a reason-
ably safe (or as safe as can be expected) 
scholastic atmosphere where a person is 
able to effectively pursue "his or hereduca-
tion or otherwise to part icipate fully in the 
university programs and activities" - in 
other words. to go about one' normal busi-

ness without interference. 
"As a writer," Labinger"was intrigued by 

the· emphasis placed upon particular taboo 
words as opposed to actions or gestures." She 
goes on to say that to her "words ... are only 
symbols." Her experience with words is a 
"two-dimensional" experience because she 
sees words - they' re in a newspaper or in a 
book. This would allow her to throwaway. 
tum the page, or close the book in places 
where she might see words that offend her. 

However, in reality words are written, 
spoken and heard. The latter two parts -
with particular emphasis upon the spoken 
part - are probably the rationale the authors 
of Ihe "fight ing vords" policy had in mind 
when they mentioned "the student littering 
them," "circumstances of their utterance" 
and "when directly addre~~ed ... lt would seem 
rather difficult to utter or directly address 
people with Labinger'~ "symbolic" word~, if 
onc wa.~ not using them in speech. 

Words are spoken - at limes. these spo-
ken words are intended to cau~ the "hara.~s­
ment," "intimidation" or "provocation" of 
the intended victim. If the words were sllnply 
written. the victim could mere ly throw the 
paper with the "forbidden word~" uwny. 

Obviously, this would not be possible 
whcn a penion or group of people "get(s) into 
a victim's face" with the intent of omlly 
harassing them. Because physical violence in 
response to uch oral aggression is illegal, it 
becomes necessary to have a set of rules 
which respond non-violently to what would 
otherwise cause violence. 

If the "fighting words" clause dealt with 
written material . Labingerwould havea valid 
point. However because it deals solely with 
the spoken word, her logic is redu.:ed to a 
fallacious eonglomemtion of stnlw men and 
red herring. 

Hud Labinger bothered to read the entire 
policy, it wou ld have dawned on her that 
speech codes enforce speech - not actions, 
not gestures, but speech. Surely actions or 
gestures can have their negative effects on 
others, but it doesn ' t take too much to figure 
o ut that the "lighting words" policy tove~ 
speech and only speech. 

She tries to lighten upher anicle by talking 
about comedians, which is a great segue into 
the next part of her article where she begins to 
contmdict herself. She tells her readers that 
derogatory epithets are bad. It's funny that 
she waits until that point to say something 
useful. 

But then I thought about what she had said 
up to this point: the " fighting words" policy 
(the policy to protect people from blatant 
confrontational, personal epithets hurled at 
them by others), according to her. is not the 
solution. She's entitled to her opinion, but 
where is her idea to replace thi "potentially 
harmful" solution? 

Also, let me add that the only people to 
whom this is "potentially harmful" arc mc-
ists. bigots, homophobes, sexists. and other 
ignorant persons to whom we don't need to 
hear from in the first place. 

In summary, I think that Barbara 
Labinger's commentary failed misembly in 
its attempts to show that speech codes ure 
wrong. 

First, I find itvirtually impossible to tie the 
UC "lighting words" policy in with solving 
" the complicated is ue of bigotry" because 
when one reads the policy, it never once 
mentions this as one of its purposes. 

Second, the "fighting words" policy is 
meant to tackle overt, "in your face" harass-
ment. not to tymnnically limit Fin Amend-
ment rights in general. 

Lastly, if people !ouch as Labinger would 
Stop jumping to ignor.mt conclusions with-
out adequately researching this topic before 
c.'\sting negative judgement upon it, the "ben-
eficial use." point and purpose would sud-
den I y become c!)'st<ll clear. 

aron Goodman 



6 OPINION 

ABORTION 
Continued from page 5 
on a J J year-old child?" The parent 
obviou,ly thought that the footage 
was unnecessary because of its 
graphiccontenl. ln reality. however. 
the is no way to get an accurJte 
and factual opinion as to what abor-
tion is without c nsideringjust that 
- what it aCllIally is - the di~­
memberment or buming to death of 
a fetus. Only by unmasking the false-
hood surrounding abonion rights 
can we gel to the realiry of abonion. 

"Seeing pictures like that is ju t 
not OK for little 13 year-old kids," 
responded another parent. I beg to 
differ. 

Although there was a parental 
con~ent law requiring minors to 
obtain the permission of a parent 
before proceeding with an abortion, 
pro-abonion groups have succes~­
fully kept the law tied up in the 
coun~. A~ a re~ult, 13 year-olds are 
allowed to get aboniom without 
parental consent. 

If 13 year-old!. can get ahonions 
ondcmand without pemlission. nei -
ther do they need parental consent 

to watch a movie thai shows abor-
tion nor should they have lhe real-
ity of abortion concealed to them 
when some will eventually undergo 
the potentially life-threatening pro-
cedure. 

Finall y , kudos are in order fort he 
teacher who allowed the video and 
for the student who ~howed it. Both 
were instrumental in bringing han.h 
reality to the heltered and in,ulated 
world thai we have provided for our 
children and ourselve:-.. There is 
complete objectivity in howing an 
abortion. 

A movie that recorded the act 
was truth. No special effects. No 
make-up. No acting. The reality of 
abonion, gruesome death, was 
shown to the people i tmay affect the 

mo~t in the future. My hope i that 
they will see beyond pro-abonion 
rhetori because now they have seen 
what abortion is. 

his unfonunate that we all do n t 
take the time to watch the video 
enti tled, "The Hard Truth."becau~ 
reality would be brought back to 
each of u. and the legal practice of 
abortion would be temlinated to-
morrow. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A.S. 
Continued from pace 4 
who p y hould clearly have a say. 

The A.S .• as it tands, is dysfun -
tional. It is not effective at what it 
auempts, and the way it 's defined 
doe not measure up to what stu-
dents need from their association. 

As VP External Siamak MaJek 
pointed out ("The Problem With the 
A.S. Council" Apr. 16), the AS. as 
constituted approximates "pretend 
govemrnent." Hestatesthatthe"pur-
pose of a student organization is to 
represent and actively promote the 
interests of. .. students ," This i true. 
but incomplete. 

"The A.S. does not govern any-
one or anything," Malek says. But it 
shou Id be pan of governing the uni-
versity - these are the circum-
'tances we should won-: toward. 
Promoting said intere tsmust l:u-gely 
con i~toffonnallyand~ubstantively 
empowered panicipation inco-gov-
emance of the unive~ity . 1113t i!> 
different from what e ists now; that 
is not pretend government. 

Onesignificantpropo edchange 
to the AS. by-laws. ubmitted by 

Friday, May 1 
on the Entertainer crusie ship. Boat leaves harbor at 
9:45 s harpl Tickets $10 at Price Center Box Office . 

WE CHAU£NGED KAPlAN 
TO COMPARE THEIR 
RESULTS TO OURS: 

LSAT: 
GMAT: 
GRE: 

9 points 
90 points 

230 poims 
lvera,e score unprovanmu 

NOT SURPRISINGLY, 
THEY DECUNED, 

For The Best Prep 
Call 695-9952 

The 
Princeton Review 

W, lear, nor, 

• FQEE 

DO YOU 
HAVE ... 

• Mononucleo is? 

• Mea Ie ? 

EARN$$$ 
You may have antibodie 
needed for research and 
diagno tics, plus earn up 

to $100 per week, 

Plea e call 
MD LAIOUIORIIS 
226·1733 

• PI' 8nancy 1i rminaUon 
8 n ral/lcx;al an th la 

• Affi rdeble BirLh onlral 
onftdenUel (1) Personal • 

CO;;> Oat) -= 
(6~.9) 5.35-~.31.9 

RUN FOR 
OFFICE 

Third College Student 
Council Elections 

Positions Qpen: 
Director of Programming 
Director of Rnance 
Director of Communications, 
Student-at-Large (2) 

Deadline to File: 
Friday, May 1st 

4pm 

~ ~ eV'C lr·o .. n--a: or 
a: T'~'o CO:18ge 
Dey sO" C8 or Ca ' 
534-4390 

Malek, will be voted upon at this 
Wednesday' meeting. 

This change would extend non-
voting, ex-officio membership on 
the A.S. Council to all registered 
undergraduate. It would mean that 
every undergmdisentitledloSpeak-
ing privileges throughout the meet-
ing. 

This much needed change hould 
make theA.S. somewhat more aware 
of and responsive to student's con-
cerns, eliminating the segregation 
of lowly non-representatives to 
"public input." 

It' wonh noting that the Aca-
demic Senate Representative As-
sembly extends similar membership 
privilege to all faculty, as in practice 
do the GSA and UCB to their con-

~tituents . 
Despite two favorable referenda 

votes by the student body fora con-
stirutional convemion, the AS . has 
di played its characteristic inaction. 
In acknowledgment of this condi-
tion, the A.S. placed a referendum 
on the last ballot increa~ing thenum-
berof anic\es of the ASUCSD Con-
stitution which may be amended by 
ballot referendum per year. 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

This approach purpons to olve 
~tructural problerns by not addre .-
ing root causes: Constitutional ref-
erenda generally originate from 
within the council, and are voted 
upon without panicular anent ion 
by that mall fraction of the student 
body which actually does vote. 

In comrJSt.a Con ·titutional con-
vention, what was asked for by the 
student body repeatedly, focuse 
broad anent ion and meaningfully 
involves the ASUCSD's member-
ship in generating something new. 
It's the difference between paier-
nalbm and involvement. 

Whether a Constitutional con-
vention is currently po ible or oot, 
ex-officio membership can reduce 
the insular nature of the A.S. as it 
attempts to change itself. 

Real co-govemance means that 
students. faculty and administm-
tion are equal panners in the gover-
nance of the university. 

These are t wo very different pic-
tures. Condition~ will increasingly 
require that tudents won-: to rectify 
this malady - both inside the A.S. 
and within the university commu-
nity. 

\ \ 1 \ \ I. /( (J If I 1 I< \ 1/ I< \ 1/) l~ \ () I< Ii I< 1/) 1 \ ( /I \ \ ( , I \ ' 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS ..... 6 to 10 PM are 

UeSD NIGHI 
al ~~I}. W.(\~ ~~~ [p()~ 

~ 
~ 

Dun CHEESE BIT Del Mar Heights Rd. ~ PIIIAS 0 Nt i STUfT $5.99 ~ PIZZA 2' ~ uc 0 ~ (wilh proof of 2t) SO 
I !S~O ( \ R \ 11 .1 (01 \ II{ \ I{() \ I> • I'll (l \ I ~S I· ~ Il I 

ANNOUNCING! 

Graduate 
Student 
Association 
MAIL BALLOT 

ON MONDAY, MAY4,I992, 
the Graduate Student Association 
will mail a referendum to your 
departmcnt mailbox 10 raise the 
GSA Activity Fee from $5.001 
quarter to S7.50/quaner. The 
increase will be used to upplement 
the GSA's budgct. panicularly 
those funds allocated for lobbying 
activities undenaken by the GSA on 
your behJlf. The GSA Jlso funds 

requesrs including the e tabli)hment of gr.tduate tudent organizations as well as 
their activities and programs. the establishment and improvement of depaltment 
gr.tduatc lounges. and per capita funding. 

TKE QUESTION ON THE BALLOT IS: "SHOULD THE GSA ACTIVITY 
Fee be increased from S5.00/quaner to $7 .50/quaner?" A total of one-third of 
enrolled graduate tudents and medical students must respond to this question in 
the manner described in the accompanying voting Olalcrials for the results to be 
binding. Of this number. a majority i required for passage. Supporting the 
increase uppons the progr.trns and projects of graduate students. Thi fee 
I:Omes back to you in a diverse offering of graduate student-sponsored events, 
the promotion of grad~te student organizations. a comfortable place to talk to 
ptOple and, yes, have a beer. Most importantly. support of this fee enables the 
GSA to continue to suppon lobbying efforts on the behalf of all graduate 
students at UCSD to ensure the accessibility of a quality educational experience. 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

MACS 
ContInued from page 1 

Wayne Stewan, an administra-
tive istant in the computer de-
parnnent of the Universi ty Book-
store, agreed that Macintosh prices 
are going down. The price decline 
has helped the bookstore ro increase 
the total numberofcomputerunits it 
sells each year, he said, 

Stewart also noted that UCSD 
community members access to 
computers has increased <t com-
puters continue to decrease in size. 

orne of the newest computer mod-
els are mall enough to be trans-
poned easily_ Someday, Stewart 
,aid. "every student will haveaback-
pack with a computer in it." 

. Second. the declining use of 
Mac 's Place i also, in part, due to 
the availabi lity of other Macintosh 
laboratories on campus. Pedersen 
said. 

For example, the Insrructional 
ComputingCenter(lCC) i, involved 
with the management of about five 
Macintosh laboratories on campus, 
according to ICC's Manager of User 
Services Jeny Fitzsimmons. 

One of tho e labs, located in the 

GREAT EARTH 
VITAMINS 

The natural way to: 
• Increase energy 

• Curb appetite 

• Fight stress 

• Build muscle 

• Bum fat 
Free Ilt .... ture 

Knowledgeable staff 

10% 
OFF 

your next 
purchase 
with this ad. 

Exp . 5 130:'12 

Located in the Ralph's 
Shopping Center between 
Crown Books and Kinkos 

452·9775 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

ff" Perking 
451-9270 

Applied Physics .Uld Mathemmics 
building,justopened inJanuary and 
has already proved to be "hot" 
among computer users, he said. 

Although the ICC laboratories 
are intended primarily for tudents 
in specific classes with computer 
accounts with ICC, often students 
not enrolled in those classes use the 
computersaswell,accordingtoClip-
per Dolan, a Warren College senior 
majoring in computer science. 

Fi;z immons said that even 
though ICC' s purpose is to provide 
instructional computing forclasse , 
if computer room are empty, other 
students may use the equipment. 

Pedersen said that Mac's Place 
has been anempting to increase its 
customer base by introducing new 
services and equipment which can-
not be found in other campus 
Macinto h laboratorie. or which 
cannot be a cessed by the typical 
student or staff computer-owner. 

According to Pedersen, Mac's 
Place intends to introduce a multi-
media workstation next year which 
would allow students to use video in 
conjunction with their computing. 
AI o. Mac 's Place has introduced a 
new bulletin board service which 

The UCSD Guardian 

allows users to post messages or 
notices to other service users. 

111edifferen e in focus between 
the IC laboratorie ·:.uld Mac's Place 
could allow them tocoexi t without 
being too competitive. 

Mac's Place's main focus is to 
provide assistance to students unfa-
miliarwith Ma intoshes in produc-
ing resumes, writing papers, filling 
out MCA T forms and medical 
school applications and in recon-
vening files to u e on their own 
computers. Pedersen said. 

ICC laboratorie , on the ther 
hand. are meant to be used hy the 
relatively experienced computer 
u r who doe ' not require much 
assistance, she continued. 

It remains to be seen whether or 
not Mac', Place usage will continue 
to decline or if the UCB will in-
crease its sub idizingofMac's Place 
if the decline continues. 

According to Rice. when the 
UCB opened Mac' s Place,the board 
did nor intend for Mac's Place to 
break even financially. Peder~en 
agreed, saying that rather than at-
tempting to make a profit, "we're 
trying to be informational and in-
structional for students." 

CONFERENCE 
Continued from page 1 
Union's 14th Annual tme-wide 
Conference, held Friday and Satur-
day at UCSD and San Dicgo State 
University. The speakers focused 
on the placement of Japanese-
American citizens in con emration 
camps and the fa t that it was kept 
secret for mWly years. and on the 
breaking of stereotype orthe many 
different A~ian and Pacific Islander 
peoples and ultures. 

The theme "Japanese-Americ<tn 
Redress, Building. the Foundation 
for ivil Right~." set the toile for 
Friday's program, which W,L' held 
in the Pepper anyon Pla7a at 
UC D. 

111C thunderous sound of Japa-
nesedrulll~ fr 111 the Stanford Taiko 
group signaled the beginning of the 
progmm Friday night. Guest spea"-er 

i~hi . president of the National 
aliti n for Redress and Repar..l-
tion~ (NCRR), discussed how the 
U.S. Japane~ internment wa., "ept 
a secret for many years. 

i:.hio explained that he Maned 
the CRR to force the U.S. govern-
ment to recognize the wr ng it had 

NEWS 7 

done. and to have it apologize and 
provide monetary cOlllpcn~ationlO 
Japanc!.c Americans placed in 111-
temment camp~. Making the U.S. 
govemment recognize it~ mistak.c 
has not been just a victory for the 
Japane~e, but also "a victory for all 
civil rights ... [it showed) a country 
can re ognize its wrong~." he ~aid. 

After a traditional dance per-
formed by the UCSD Kaibigang 
Pilipino club, UCSD Professor of 
Political Scien e P(!ter Irons also 
spoke about the intt:lllrnent cover-
up. He said he did not learn "bout 
the forced illtemmcnt until hc at 
tended law ~chool. 

In lron~ view. redress Wll:. "a 
victory foraIlAmcricans. [becau.\(!j 
civil Iibenies are never won ullt il 
every group has the bellefi t ~ of civil 
liberties." 

Following Irom' ~peech. ~tu ­
dent Belly Hai. Jane Yamashiro 
and John Igarashi performed 
"Breaking the ilence." a ~rie~ of 
monologues telling about the expe-
riences of some of the Japane:.c 
Amcrican:. in the concentration 
camp:., 

11le monologue~ explained that 
See CONFERENCE, Page 8 

r---------------------------------------------~ ~RE~ YogurtorlceCream Q 
Buy one cup or cone, at regular 

price, Get one for FREE! cJ 
lImn 53 • TOWing nollncluded 

Not v')lId WIth Olh.t dIscounTS One coupon pet customer, per VlSft 
Val,d onlya, Cos ta VEnds ShopPing C9ntflt Offer flXplf8 S 5 / 4 /92 

& Steve~s!!! I~III .-, FAOGEN YOZUAT~ 
Together in the Costa Verde Shopping Center 

8650 Genesee (accross from U.T.C.) 4 50-3044 L ______________________________________________ _ 

glowers d3 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIO 
\ulhpun:hoi,'iCll( WUrnlllfl' 
\01 \"IKJ ~ I!h ,In) IJlOO {,(f",r 

Exp. M1J92 

.. 
""c Oelher 
World \l ide' 

(OSTAVERDE 
T'« .=:::::--

Come' d Geresee I 
La JoiJa Vilia 0 



8 NEWS 

iMi 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

o ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 25% OFF! Complete Complete 
CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 

Daily Sort Lcnse Extendcd Soft Lense 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

TIRES Reg. 27.95 NOW $19.95 
SIDI CYCLING SHOES 
Reg. 69.95-89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 

Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 
ALL JANND NYLON 
BACKPACKS & BAGS 20% OFF! *Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 Brand include B&L, Cooper, WJ, 

j GIRO HELMETS 

ALL AVOCET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

200~ OFF! Para perm, Boston. 

200~ OFF! 

• Pro Service 
• Qu.llty Eyec.re 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

CLEARANCE SALE 
ON ALL REMAINING 

'91 BIKES CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
28~5858 

All sale ,terns lim,led 10 stock on hand 5585 Clairclllont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Avc. 
UCSD BIKE SHOP in the Student Center 

Hours: Mon. - Fri. 10AM· 5PM 
534-4279 

..... , .. (,.Jr".,., IUnr.tt,.dl 
I.k I on I h,.lIIr,\ "rip 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

(i() AHEAIl MAKE 10UR DAI 
\0\\ The f;u' 'idp is as Iwar as 

your Iwrsonal computer. 
Thats righl. 'ow you can gaze 

into your -rrren and sal'or a daily 
dost' of d mentia ·traight from 
thr mind ofOar.\' Lar ·on. 

While you'rl' at it,You can or-
ganize. ViPII and print out our 

Tht'jillljllllrwm dl/l/~ j,/JIII/U." 
mll'ldl/! 1/'1111 O/I/II/n/lyf rl?I/II1'~'T 

IIYJI/.\ waJ;,~ IIIYL~y 10 
kn1,/rack II! I/'lIIr "rh"/II/I' 

sl'hedule' by thl' day, the II' ek, the 
month or till' whole year. 

' (JU can plug in recurring 
evenL on a weekly. bi-weekly or 
monthly basis. 

t audio alarm to keep from 
forgetting thing . 

And enjol' vi it from a menag-
erir of animated character that 
make random appearances on 
your cr n. 

what do you do, 366 day 
from now, when you run out of 
cartoon? 

Simpl . Ju t load a refill and 
get read to laugh and scratch 
'our way through another 'ear. 

amaze'llC~ 

The Par Sidl' Computer Calendar 
i available at your dealer. 
Or callI- 00-367-4 02 Dept. CO, 

If IV were you, we wouldn't 
wait another day.1\vo day , max. 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

ELECTIONS 
Continued from page 3 
aid. "However, during the inquiry. 

Mike and the woman clai med not to 
know each other. I'm not ure the 
board picked up that discrepancy." 

The woman said he feels the 
charge regarding her actions are 
just an act ofmuclslingingon Dur:in' 
part. "[Duran' Jju t trying to get to 
Mike and he's using me as a tool," 
he said. 

Once theJudicial Board has com-
pleted its review of all cases con-
cerning the election, the outcome of 
the election may be announced. 

The ballot boxes were sealed on 
April 15 before the ballot were 
counted and remain at the UC D 
police tation. 

After the A.S. Judicial Board 
make a decision on the charge 
against Raim, the election results 
will be released if the case is not 
appealed. However, if Dunin de-
cide~ to appeal. the case will go back 
to the Election Review committee 
and could even revert to theJudicial 
Board. 

"This could take from one to six 
weeks to find out who won the 
election. It just depends on ifpeople 
appeal or not." Raim said. 

CONFERENCE 
Continued from page 7 
the Japanese-Americans not only 
10),t their monetary po~~ession ~, 
which even government reparation~ 
could not replace, but many died or 
lost their health permanently in the 
filthy conditions of the camps. 

Wendy Yan spokeon whatrepa-
ration means for Asian-American 
students, and then Mall "Master 
Kee" Baldwin. hiding in a cloud of 
. trawberry-scented smoke, light -
ened the mood with the rap "Fight 
the Lies." Finally, the audience and 
the performers gathered in a circle 
as the progr.un ended with acandle-
lit commemoration. 

Saturday's part of the confer-
ence, which was held at SDSU, fo-
cused on the theme "A Time for 
Renewal, A Call to Action." 

Attendance at the conference 
included close to thirty organiza-
tions from across the state and out-
of-state, including the various UC 
and California state universities. pri-
vate universities, city colleges, high 
schools, youth centers and universi-
ties . 

The day began with a traditional 
drum routine performed by the Ko-
rean Cultural Awamess Group. 
Speaking that morning was Dolly 
Kee, founder of various UCLA 
women's organizations and current 
memberof various law associations, 
who discussed "the model minority 
myth." 

Kee said she feels that the model 
minority tereotype is "insulti ng to 
us in its 2-D vision ... [and) insult-
ing to all minorities who have 
struggled .. _ [we) must never allow 
ourselves to be used as propaganda" 

At noon, the large audience split 
up to attend a series of workshops 
with topics including Asians and 
Pacific Islanders (APls) in the me-
dia, APls in politics, the rise in API 
gangs, sexism in the API commu-
nity and non-heterosexism in the 
API community. 

In the aftemoon. SamoaKoria, a 
UCSD alumnus and the only Sa-
moan elementary school teacher in 
the San Diego Unified School Dis-
trict. spoke about thediscrimination 
APIs have suffered. 

According to Koria, ''TIle key is 
not to get demoralized, but to get 
pissed off." 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

GOLF 
ContInued from page 16 
tionaltoumament thi year. 

"I thought we would shoot around 
3 ,but I didn't think the other 
teams would break 305. I thought 
we would have a nice cushion, but 
we were six lrokes back after three 
groups. and I Slaned to get a little 
wonied,"UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra said. 

After the slow stan, the Tritons 
picked up the p~e and passed 
OominguezHillson the way totheir 
best score of the year. UCSD was 
led by Jeremy Moe, who shot a one-
over-par 73. Brock Shafer was sec-
ond for the Tritons, posting a 75, 
While Dale Abraham and Matt 
Stottem each shot a 76. 

Stottem, a senior playing in his 
last UCSD match at Torrey Pines, 
started the match off with a blast 
when he rocketed a 3()()..yard drive 
off the tee at the first hole. 

The Tritons now face the na-
lionaltoumament in Wooster, Ohio 
on May 19, and Wydra expects hi 
squad to be a major force_ 

"We're going to be genuine con-
tenders. We won't be pleased un-
less we finish in the top three," the 
coach aid. "We're unbelievably 
deep. There i no separation be-
tween our third man and our sixth." 

Among the team leaders are 
Brock Shafer. who, according to 
Wydra, "has more heart than a car-
diac ward - he never give up or 
gets down about anything," and Pete 
Roberts, whose motto is "If you 
want to be long offthc tee. you have 
to be big below the knee." 

Before the national tournament . 
the team faces a tough ta~k with a 
four-round qual i fying match among 
its own players to determine who 
will go. But UCSD's depth means 
the Tritons will have six golfen. 
competing for only five spots. 

"It' too bad, because wc're go-
ing to have to leave someone behind 
who can shoot par anytime." WydrJ 
said. 

SCORE 
Continued from page 16 
one going on in the former Soviet 
Union. 

Courage, Mr. Yelrsin . Courage. 
Mr. Tag/iabue. 

And let's not forget the NHL. 
Led by Incompetent League Presi-
dent (now his official title) John 
Zeigler, the NHL has run a nearly 
sure thing into the ground. 

Just when hockey was in the 
perfect position to become a truly 
national sport in America, thanks to 
the L.A. Kings and the San Jose 
Sharks, Zeigler decided to pull his 
league off of ESPN and put it on the 
never-found SportsChannel. 

So Zeigler has the economic 
problems of baseball and football , 
and more. Nobody sees the NHL, at 
a time when many Americans would 
like to see it. 

What's the frequellcy, Mr. 
Zeigler?, Dan might ask. 

For the NHL, the answer is 
simple: the frequency is 
SponsOlannel. And the league's 
prognosis isn ' t good. 

This leaves fans in the middle. 
Some of their TV spons will no 
doubt move to cable or pay-per-
view. 1bere may also be hikes in 
ticket prices. 1bere will be more 
dog shows. Player strikes are also a 
very real possibility. 

It's a nasty spiral that started 
with ridiculous TV contracts. 1be 
latest symptom is yesterday's dog 
how. But for fan , there will be 

worse times ahead. 
Courage,fans. You'll need it. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ATTENTION SENIORS 
We need Sales Representatives 

Sign up for on-campus interviews 
now for MAY 4 

Astro Office Products Inc . is a rapidly growing sales 
subsidiary of CANON U.S.A. Strong customer demand 
has created exciting career opportunities in state-of-
the-art electronic office equipment sales. We are look-
ing for sales reps for our Copier, Facsimile, and Informa-
tion Management product areas. Positions are available 
in Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernadino, and Riverside 
counties . 

Backed by CANON'S large company strengths, you'll be 
responsible for setting strategies and pursuing direct 
sales opportunities . We offer an excellent training pro-
gram, salary plus commission, auto allowances, m di-
cal, dental, and life insurance along with 401K, profit 
sharing plans, and a company gym. 

If you are a graduating senior or have a Bachelor's 
degree, sales or related experience, please sign up with 
us at the Career Center for on-campus interviews, or 
send a resume to: 

Canon Employment and Staffing Astro Office Products, Inc. 
110 W. Walnut St., Gardena, CA 90248 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General ane thesia Jvailable 
• Sterile technique observed 
• 10% UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

-"lIh l1(,SD ID E."rl~ /\Ill ) 11 11I'J1. 

RB RICHARD E.BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459-5565 
470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

It'. easy. jUtlt come in Ina appointment) 
and take the next available stylist 

-4 $11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 exira. 
Full service reg. $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subjeci to 
availability of stylists. To 
insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days: M-F-S 9-6pm ; T-W-T 9-8pm 

;/ .-.~: :~t:. 
............... 

-~.-.. -..- ... 
......... -- .-. 

, ...... ~---.... I HAIR ) SKIN NAILS 
457·3334 

8843 La Jolla Village Dr . • La Jolla CA 
La Jolla Village Center (Near Ralphs & Savon) 

IVIEN - VVClIVIEN 

SPORTS 9 

Get the Best 
For Your 

Money's Worth 

at $2.37 
your choice of 

1. 1/2 veggie sub, Potato Salad & sm. Drink 
2. Small Salad and Small Drink 
3. Chicken Pattie, Fries & Small Drink 

Zip's Tummy Buster, UCSD Price Center. 458-0070 

7~ ?ltet;ee 
tii! +1 .f.SI¢g mq.JUiioai. $1 00 Happy Hour 

Any Drink. All Day & Night 

$2~!rts $1 50 Well Drinks & Domestic Drafts 
POOL TABLES 

DARTS ' FOOD ._ OJ 
8 pm to clOSing LIVE MUSIC 

1466 Garnet Ave., P.R , just past Ingraham 
272-8540 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

. THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------

Please ask about aur other services such as manicures and hair care! 

--------------------

espressO 

R 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619}SSS-lS34 

iN litE pRi CE CENIER 

I ALL ESPRESSO & COFFEE DRII'IKS AVAILABLE ICED I 
The "Sun" is a/ways shining at :% 

Trim & Tan call 455·0$ 3251 Holiday Ct. #204 (nearUCSD) 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for Q friend 

"Flrsl lime clients only wllh this coupon 

~~_ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call for details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a !temporary water toss' Reduce ceMte and sltetcll marks 

rf--------i 
,FREE \e I 
, s (1 '" \lACCELERATOR , 



10 CALENDAR 

ILLUSTRATION BY ADRIANO MUNOZ 

AcaNmic Services 
Monday through Fnday 
8 am -4 30 p ,m - Let OASIS Study 
Managemenl Cenler help you thiS quaner With 
lime management. nOletak,ng, midterm 
preparatIOn, and test-takingstrategteS Stopby 
Y()(k Hail 40 to ry: call 534-7344 10 set up a 
personal appointment Also - stay on the 
lookout try: those valuaOle OASIS Study Stulls 
Workshop 
Ba m -4 X1p m -CanetotheOASISSchotats· 
tvrlilng Workshoplor aSSIstanceWith yourwntJng 
prOjCCts Weoffer InOMduai and group tutry:,ng 
Slop byY()(k Hall 4070ry: call 534-7344 to set up 
an appointment 
Bam -4 ~ P m - The OASIS Language 
ProgramprOVldcs stancetostudentswhose 
n"tlve language IS not English and to those 
oong work In J panese. Spanish German. 
V tn<rnese and French A dlagnoshc test on 
wfillen English IS available on request Call 

22&1 Iry: more Inl()(TTl(lhon Old Sludenl 
Cenler Bldg A. Rocm ~21 4 
8 a m -4 ~ P m - The OASIS Wnllng Cent r 
IS a Iree service lor all UCSO students Wa offer 
one 10 one wnhng conlerences lor any type 01 
wfltlng proJOCt - acad()'l1lc papers. personal 
stJtements. even stories and poems Our staff 
01 valned undergraduates, who come trom a 
variety 01 academc diSCiplines can help you 
tx.'C0ITIC a mora affectlVtl wflter Call 534-2284 
10 make an appOIntment or drop by our office In 
II Old Student Center. Bldg A. Room ~2 t 4 
Evening appointmenls Iso aVailable 
9 a m -4 p m - MUIr College Writing Program 
LOllery Apptlc3110n penod lor Fall Quarter '92 
wfltlngclasses FIQoul 30dSUbmrtlOttery ticket" 
at HSS 23.16 aM 901 Inlormauon on when to 
return tOf "" ". " 1~"SU ItS Through May 4 

Monday Apnt 21 
9-9 SOa m StudyStratogteSlortheScIEll1COS 
OaSIS Study Management Center York HaP 
4010 
t t -t t SO a m - Intonnauon ProcesSlngfT ext 
Analysis OaSIs Siudy Managemenl Center 
York Hall 4010 Also Thursday. ApnI30 3 pm 
12- t 2 SO pm - LectureINOlCtal<Jng OaSIs 
Study Management Cenler Y()(k Hall 4010 
Also Tuesday, Apnl 28 3 pm , Wednesday, 
ApnI29 10a m ,alld Thursday, ApnI30 12pm 
2-2 50 P m - Siudy Stratogles lor lhe 
HLmanilICs OaSIS Siudy Managemenl Center 
York Hajj 4O tO Also Wednesday. Apnl 29 3 
pm 
4-4 SO pm - Study Strategoes lOf lhe SOCIa! 
SclCncos, OaSIS Study Management Center 
YOfk Hall4O tO Also Wednesday. Apnl29 II 
am 

Tuesday, ApnI28 
10-10 SOa m -Ex;rnPreparatlOfl OaSIs Study 
Management Center York Hall 4010 Also 
Thursday, Apnl :KJ 4 P m 
12-12 SO pm - Tme Management OaSIS 
Study Management Center YOfk Hall 4010 
Also W6CI1eSday. Apnl 29 2 P m 
4-4 50 pm - ProdUCing Orgamzallon 
Class,f,cal,on Charts, etc Oas,s Siudy 
Management Center Y()(k Hall 4010 Also 
Thursday. AcnI30 I pm 

Wednesday. ApnI29 
12-1250 pm - Siudy Strategies for Ihe 
SclCnces OaSIS Study Management Cenler 
'olk Hall 40 10 

Thursday. Apnl :KJ 
2-2 SO pm - MernOfy Techntques OaSIs 
Study Managemenl Cenler Y()(k Hall 40 10 

Health Be Fitness 
Monday, Apnl27 
2 pm - In thiS, a year of etectJons, lei's hope 
our candidates use protectIOn, For in aHalrs 01 
IIhClI love, II's best to wear the glove So in 
chooSing the offiCial who IS best. Judge by 
condom use and an I Q, lest Then come 10 a 
Borth ControllnlonnallOn Session and get a tree 
condom In the mdst of recession I Second floor, 
Student Health Also T U8sday, ApnI28 II a.m 
and I pm. Wednesday. ApnI29 1 pm" and 
Thursday, ApnI:KJ 10 a m 
12-2 p m - WOfned aboul your choIeslerol 
level? Come gel your chotesterol screening 
read at tho Siudent Health Service. $3 
prepayment Helptut. trlendly SHAs make the 
process easy I Also Thursday, 1lpnI30 II am. 
and Fnday. May I 10 a m 

Wednesday A, 
lOa m - To I", 101. ..oout your body. corne to 
a Well Woman ~ You'l team about the 
pelvlc e~am , I pr9llentIVO health care, 
and hOwtomo,~ 1,"'~ld a healtheryou' Second 
floor, Sludf'nt He ,:U, Also nlursday. ApnI:KJ I 
pm 

Services Be 
\NoIkshops 
Monday /hrough Fnday 
8 a m -4 p m - SIGI PLUS (Systems 01 
Inleracttve GUIdance and Intormation) IS a 
compuler -based progrinl 01 career InformatJon 
'1eSICJncd to help you danty your skills, values 
1I1d occupaoonal '"tereSlS Formorelntorma1lOO, 
.;orne 10 career SeMces Center, Admssoon 
S10. 

mOf -II YOU re gradUating thIS quaner and 
seeking. we II malch YOUWlth apro/9SSIOflllI 

" 'tOUr held ot Interest whO WIll qCl you started 
~ !wakong '" the local 00 mar1<St Espeaa.ty 
e.P/uilor hberal arts ma<lt'5 san 8!IematlVtl 10 

on-ca'TlpUS Int9f\ll8Wlng 
Sign up Wllh the main 
lobby recephonlSI 
Career SeMces Center 
130-4pm - DROPIN 
ADVlSlNOHOURS-
Forhelpwlhcareergoals 
lob hunllng rasume 
preparatlOfl or e)(lllonng 
prolesSion I or graduate 
SChOOl opportunl11es No 

ppom\m(.'I1t necessary 
Just walk ,n Careel 

csCenier 

MOnd,ly Apnl27 
130 pm 
EFFECTIVE J OB 
SEARCH STllATEGY 
WORKSHOP - ao 
percenl 01 all fob 
vacanCies are 
unadverllsed Thl , 
wor1<shop WIll leach you 
lhO most effectlVC way 10 
find them CareerSavices 
Center 

2-3~ pm - RFD II A 
group fry: studenlS who 
want to break \he tlInqe-
purge cyclG of buhma 
Leaders EqUina Luke 534-
3585 and Nancy MckPi 
Call lor Sign-up belore 
comong 2126 HSS 
11 am-12 pm -
lesban, Gay and s.se.uaI 
,ndMdual peer counseung 
wl lh Chel l Have a 
questIOn? Want someone 
to talk to? Need a 
supporlNe enwonment? 
Drop by the Women's 
Resource Center Of call 
534-3987 10 set up an 
appoontment IMlh Chel'. lisa. StClie or 
D8V1d 
3-4 ~ pm - LOSS AND MOURNING A 
group IOf students who Wish to explore new 
ways 10 gneve thO deatn of a IOVCd one Leader 
John Andrews. 534-0250 Calt torSlgr>-up tOO3 
GH Also Fnday. May I 2 pm 

Tuesday. ApnI 28 
8- to a m - MEN AND WOMEN MOLESTED 
AS CHILDREN, A group for SUrvIVorS of 
chlldhoodiadlOtescenl sexual abuse Leaders 
M,nam losupcMCI 534-0255 and Rick Whitehill 
534-0248 CalIIOf Slgn-<JP 41 2 MAAC. check In 
room 7 
2-3pm -Lesboan,GayandB<sexual,,'dMduai 
peer counseling With Steve Orop by room 324 7 
ollhe Warren LJterature Bldg or call 534-3987 
to set up an appoontment Wllh Chell lisa, SIClie 
or David 
3-5 p m - MEXicans. chcana, launa support 
group Support group fOf women Leader 
LJndsay Calderon. 534-0249 Call lor Slgr>-UP, 
Revelle CoI!Qge Provost Off ICe 
4 15-6 pm - GRADUATE MEN'S AND 
WOMENS GROUP A group IOf men and 
women graduate studenls Interested In 
exploring concerns common to graduale 
students Leaders RobonReed-$pauldlng534-
0256, and Hugh Pales, 534-3456 Call beiOfe 
comng , 1003 GH 
5-6 ~ pm - Lestllan and Bisexual Women's 
Support Group Led byChe!1 and Usa A weekly. 
confidennal group for women who wanl to 
diSCUSS Issues and sharo concerns In a 
comfortable, supportive enVIronment Drop-Ins 
welcome, or call 534-3987 for more IniormatlOn 
Open to UCSD students only Women's 
Resource Center. 

Wednesday. AprIl 29 
8.30-10 a.m - RED III A group fOf students 
beyond the panem of blnging. diebng and 
purging who WWlI 10 overcome past painful 
issues, LeadeC's: Beverly Harfu 534-2237, and a 
peer counseling Call belry:e cOI'T\fng, 412 
MAAC. 
11 -11 :50 a.m. - RED PEER WORKSHOP: A 
group let by a peer counselor 10 identity and 
improve habits, attitudes ra: eating and body 
Image, Call Beverly HarJU . 534-2237, lor 
inlormalion, 41 2 MAAC, ~ 
1 p.m. - IlARKn'ULE RESUME -
Learn hOw \0 make a posillVE! first mpression 
with your resume, Career Services Cenler, 

1 -2'~ p.m, - ROMANTIC COPING SKILLS 
GROUP, A group to teach ways to create and 
maintainreialionShpsandovercomebreakups. 
Leaders' BCIIerIy Harju 534-2237 and VMan 
Chao 534-3585. Call for SlQn-up, 41 2 MAAC 
1-2p,m,- Lesbian.GayandBosexual indMduai 
peer counseling Wlth David,Oropby room32S0 
of thO Warren literalure Bldg or call 534-3987 
to SCI up an appointmer'lt With Chell , lisa, Steve 
Of David, 
2:15-3 45p,m, - RElA TIONSHIPWORKSHOP 
FOR GAY MEN: A GROUP IN WHICH GAY 
MEN CAN LEARN AND SHARE THOUGHTS. 
FEELINGS ABOUT ROMAN TIC 
RELATIONSHIPS LEADER ' DAVID 
BLASSAND. 534-3987 CAll FOR SIGN-UP, 
NEW LIT, BUfLDING 3240 
2 30 pm. - INTERVIEWfNG SKILLS 
WORKSHOP - Learn lechOlQues reQUIred to 

successtul in the Itllr;:I:VlIlW process, Career 
SeIVlCeS Cenler 

3-4~pm -CHICANO/A LATINO/LAnNA 
NATlVEAMERICANSUPPORTGROUP Mea 
week\vto dISCUSSacaoem,C, oeroon and soc.aI 
e' oooences Leaders' Can Munoz 534-1579 

T he UCSD Guardian 

and 
Lindsay 
Calderon 534-0249 Call for 
sign-up RClielle Provost Office 

Thursday. AprIl 23 
12-1 P m - Lesbian. Gay and Bisexual 
IndMduai peer COUflsellng Wi th lisa Drop by 
the Women's Resource Cenler orcall 534-3987 
10 sel up an appointment IMth Chel, . Usa. Steve 
or D<Md Women's Resource Center 
1-2 3)p m -BLACKFEMINISTFOCUS Group 
torAincan-AmencanwomenwhOWlSh toexpiore 
ferTllnost/won'1<v1lst perspeclNeS Leader Equdla 
Luke, 534-3585 Call belOfecomlng, Maunta", 
VIIlWLounge 
2 ~ P m -COUPLES'WORK5HOP' Agroup 
lor couples who Wish to Improve Iheir 
relatJonshtps Leaders: Beverty HarjU 534-2237 
and Hugh Pates 534-3456 Call belore COfnIng 
Fdth CoIl Coovnuler Lounge 
3-4 30 p m - ADULT CHILDREN OF 
ALCOHOLICS PSYCHO-EDUCATIONAL 
SUPPORT GROUP Agrouptoexploregrowing 
up With an alcoholIC parent. Laader' Robin 
Rccd-$pauldlng, 534-0256 Calf fOf sigrHJp 
Mountain Voew Lounge, 
3-5 p m - FEEUNG GOOD: A workshOp for 
indMduafs in €fTlOIionaI distress who want to 
functIOn beher. Leader' Reina JuareL 534-3875 
Call lor sign-up 2148 HSS. 
6 ~pm -GayanclBlse.ualMerl'sSuppOrt 
Group. led by peer counselr;y:s Davkf and StClla, 
A weekly. conlldenua! group 10< men who wanl 
10 diSCUSS ISsues and share concerns In a 
comfortable. SUpportIve enwanment. DrOP-Ins 
wetccme, Of cal 534-3987 lOf more Intormation 
Open to UCSD stUdenlS ooy Mount91n VICW 
Lounge, Third College, 

Fnday. Apnl24 
11 ~ a m, - ON CAMERA: INTERVIEWING 
SKILLS FOR EMPLOYMENT - USIng VIdeo, 
improve your lechnique through praclice and 
valuable feedback, Prerequisite: Aucod an 
Int8f'VleWing Sklfls Workshop, SIgn up tor Ihls2-
hour worI<shop al the Career Services Center 
Relerence Room, 
12-1:30 p ,m - PAN-ASIAN COMMUNITY 
FORUM: OrqHn group addressing concems 
01 AsianJPacilic Islander students, Leaders: 
Jeanne Maness 5.'34-:nl5 and VIVian Chee, 
Mountain Voew Lounge, 
2-4 p m, - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE 
ABUSE GROUP: SupportIVe envirorYnenI lor 
discussing problems related to alcol1ol and 
subslance abuse Leader, Dan Munoz 534-
1579, RCliefIe ColI, Prov Off 
4-B p,m - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: Informal 
group tOf AtrlCan-Amencan students, Leader: 
Phd Raphael 534-0252, MauntamVIIlWLounge. 

Sunday. May 3 
11 am, - Sahaja Yoga witl present a tree 
medflation programthal lSopenloalt Medltalocn 
can estab!iSh a deep inner peace thai can 
change yourhfel Expenenceillorycurself Itlthe 
Los AngeIesISanta Barbara Room in the Pnce 
Center (Second Floor. aIboIVtl restatXants,) 

Meelli. 
Monday, AprII27 
4 p,m, - Pre-prolesslonal Psychology 
AssOCIation Genera! meeting, Tope WIll be 

ear oppoftunrties alter graduatIOn, 8mg 
your as and enlhuSlasm to thIS neoN and 
excltlOQ club San Franr'SCO!Sanla Crw: Room 
P'lCeCent 

Tuesday, April 28 
5 pm, - CALPIRG (Caillornia Public Interest 
Research Group) meeting , Studenl 
environmental group, Come get involved, 
Pelerson 103, 
6 p m - Wild erness Club Meel ing 
Backpacking, mountain biking 8. various 
recreational activities Come p n the fun Gallery 
A. Price Center (2nd lloor above the theater), 
Wednesday. Apr" 29 
11:lla m -1 ~pm - FSSI.Comej:linfaculty. 
lellow students and staff this and every 
Wednesday dunng Spring QIr, Join us at the 
Round Table PallO, Everybody Wefcome

' 5 P m_ - Flex your creative muscle, Join East 
West Horizons, UCSO's joumal of Asian-
Amerocan experiences, - Meetings 
Wednesdays 31 5 p m, In the Student Center, 
Conference Room(acrossiromSoll Reserves), 
B p ,m, - "The Ominous Parallels, The End ot 
Freedom in America," a video lecIure by Or, 
Leonard Peikoff. sponsored by OSGUCSQ, 
Prtce Centar. DavisiRiverside Roann, No 
admission fee, 

Thursday, April 30 
7p.m -Surf Club meeting e;eryThursday at 
7 p m, in APM 2113 Beer and videos, 

EwntsBc 
Rectaatlon 
Monday through Fnday 
National Volunteer Week - smile and shake 
the hands of all the voIunleers you know, This 
islheirweek to be recognized and thanked fOf 
their time and enargies to oorrmunity services 
in san Diego and Me)(lCO, Volunteers - the 
hearts of our community! 
B a m,-11 p,m. - Rosa Felice, an anist and 
staff member at UCSQ, wi l have a West Coast 
debut of handsewn fabric assembtages on 
canvas in the Price Center Galleries A and B, 
GuesIS should catl 534-7666 to confirm if the 
galleries wil be open on a weekday. Galleries 
open 10 \he public on Surldays, between 10 
a.m, and 6 pm Through May 2, 

Tuesday through Sunday 
12-5 p,m, -Sculptural installations and other 
worI\s by Mantred Muller andJulia Lotmann In 
the Mandeville Gallery. Through May 17, 

Tuesday through Saturclay 
10 a m,-5 p,m, - Grove Gallery, "Happy 
BirthoIay:A Tenth AnniverseryRelrospecwe: 
11 cerlWTlicists v.oo have exhibited Itleir I'.OO<s 
wil return_ Saturday rours: 10 a,m.-2 pm. 
Through JIXl8 14, 

Monday, April 27 
7 p,m. - Free Movie: ' The ShadOW 01 
Goverr.-rent," about Iran-Contra scandal AI 
the GermnaI. next to the ChIl Cale 

Tuesday, April 28 
a'30 a~m, - Hey CorrInJter. are you "'ed of 
slaPPIng breakfast because you have to rush 
to SChad? Then please come to Third College 
Cc.xrmute·Btcak!astseveryT davlnCenler 
try: he P L<lU"\l&(neX1lo~~vnc~ B<, .Is 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

all you can eat lor orIy $ SO. so 
stop by and pn us 

B p,m, - Film: "Zipang'- at MandevIlle 
Audllorium, General admssoon $5, studenls 
$4 

YVednesda~ ~/29 
8 30- tO~ am - WARREN COMMUTER 
BREAKFAST Good food. good company, good 
times and roN Disneytand , Sign-up dunng 
breakfast 2nd 11oor, WI Bldg 

Thursday, Apnl :KJ 
6,~ p,m, - Film: ' Bugsy." at the Pnce Center 
Theater, Aanission $1 , SheIN repealS al 9 p,rn, 
and 1 1 ,~pm. AlsoFriday . May 1 6,~pm" 9 
pm" 1' :30p,m, 
8 p,rn, - Concert: Cillzen Fish (Irom England), 
3 Mile PIlot. and Horace Pinker (Irom Arizona), 
At the CM Cafe, 
a p,m, - Korea's master dn.m and dance 
ensemble. SarnuiNori, performingatMandeville 
Audltoroum, Ticke ts are $17 lor general 
adrTllSSlOO. $15 fOf seniors. and $12for students, 
and may be purchased trom the Price Center 
Box Office and trom TIcketMaster outlets, 

Fnday. May 1 
Take me OUI to the ballgame - and join Third 
CoifegeConnmuters tOf Padres Cap Night at the 
Stad,um

' 

TIckets are only $4 (includes taifgate ) 
and can be purchased at lhe Third Dean's 
ONlce LJm ted seating, 
8 p,m,-midnlghl - Chinese Studen t 
associalion's SPRING DANCE. Free al Price 
Center cove, Everyone is welcome so come 
and dance the night away 
9 p m,-1 am, - LG6A's Serni-formaJ, "A City 
by the Gay.- PrICe Cenler Ballrocm, 

9 ,~ p rn,- 1 2:~ a m, - Warren College Semi-
Formal on The Enlertalner, Tix $10 each at P,C, 
Box Office, SpOinsr;y:ed by wesc, 

Saturday. May 2 
9 p,m,-12 am, - -25th Anriversary Semi-
lormal Dance - celebraung 215 wonderful years 
of campus ministry, At Anchorview (Revelle 
caleteria), Free admission 

Wednesday, April 29 
7-9 p ,m. - Race . Poverty and Ihe 
Environment - a free tecture/slide show by 
Bunyan Bryant , professor ot Natural 
Resources al thO University of Michigan. 
aboul envi ronmental racism and Its 
ramifications, FOf more informalion, call 534-
7909, 

ThurSday, ApfJl 30 
Noon - The department of Ethnic Studies 
presents a seminar by Nazli Klbria 01 thO 
University of Southern Calilomia Department 
01 Sociology_ The seminar Is enti tled , 
"V,e lnamese Americans and Economic 
Advancement: Household Structure and 
Invnigrant Success Stories, - 3415 Literature 
Building, 
8 p,m -Edmund Burke Lectureship: Richard 
McCormick will lecture on "Bioelhics' Whal 
to LOOk lor in the '9Os.' the mora li ty 01 lile and 
dea th issues tn relation to scien tIfic 
technology, Room 108. Peterson Hall. 

Friday, May I 
4 p ,m , - Leclure by Carmen Ramos 
Escandon on ' Women's Hlslory and Gender 
in Mexico: RUlz roann. 5th tloor HSS, C0-
sponsors: History Departmenl and Women's 
Siudies Program. 

Religious FunctIons 
Tuasday. ApfJI 28 
12-1 P m - Bible Study In thO book of ACIS, 
Price Center, Santa Barbara rOQfn, 

Salurday, May 2 
9 p,m,-12 am - '25th Anniversary SemI-
Iormal Dance" cetebraflng 215 wonderfut 
yeals ot campus mnlSI">' AI Anchorvoew 
fRevell" cafeteria , FI ddfTlss,on 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

SOFTBALL 
ContInued from paee 16 

It was al l the Cougars would 
need, though,lll the Triton bats wen! 
dead, collecting only one more hit 
after the fourth_ 

After the disappointing losses to 
Azu a Pacific, UCSD faced another 
Division ill rival in Claremont CoI-
lege on Friday_ TheTritons exploded 
for 10 hits in the first game, cata-
pUlting themtoaneaSJ9-1 win o ver 
the Athenas_ 

"We hit the ball really solid, ex-
ecuted well and were aggressive, 
which is what we 've been aiming 
for all season," Head Coach Mel-
issa Jarrell said. 

M. TENNIS 
ContInued from page 14 
will be played at Point Lorna 
Nazarene on Thursday, the Tritons 
have helped themselves toward a 
po ible berth in the national cham-
pion hips_ 

The Tritons must win on Thurs-
day, and a school from the east must 
lose in order for UCSD to travel to 
Atlanta for po tseason play, 

UCSO Head Coach Tim Ditzler 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from page 16 
RBI. 

UCSD was outhit in game one 
19-12 de p ite the one-run victory, 
but outhitthe Mustangs 15-14 in the 
closer_ 

Game two was equally intense 
as the Tri tons found themselves trail-
ing by a 9-7 tally in the ninth inning_ 
UCSD responded to the deadline 
with a fi ve-run pounding of the 
Mustang moundsman, sealing a 
12-9 win, 

David Rex exploded for two 
more home runs, his seventh and 

. ~ 

Mter game o ne, Jarrell thought 
her team would keep the intensity 
up, especially ince Ihe A thenas, 
who have only one real pitcher, 
would be start ing a shorts to p who 
hadn't pitched thi year, The coach' 
hopes were ful fi lled - for the first 
five innings_ 

UCSD was up 5-2 after the fifth 
and Triton starter Lacie Mounger 
seemed in control. However, the 
Claremont bats came alive and 
rocked the sophomore for four runs 
before Jarrell put Stutzman in to get 
the final out of the inning. The re-
lieversouggled as much as the starter 
did, giving up two quick runs before 
Jarrell threw in Moreno, who hadn't 
even wanned up, to try and snag the 

was enthusiastic about hi s team' 
play on Saturday, "I was reaUy happy 
with the way we played_ We didn 't 
lose a set all day," 

This clean sweep over Occ iden-
tal w as especially impol1ant, as the 
Tigers were ranked sixth in the West 
Region, with UCSD being ranked at 
number five . 

The Tritons next match is an 
important run-in with the C rusaders 
from Point Lorna Nazarene College 
on Tuesday_ 

eighth on the year, and co llected 
four RBI. 

Ernie Isola also got into the long-
ball action with a third-inning blast 
of hi s own. Isola had two hits in the 
game and drove home three runs, 

Leftfielder Steve Wrenn laced 
four singles in five at-bats, while 
third baseman David Blum chipped 
in three hits to the offens ive a ttack, 

Bryan Thomason started on the 
mound for UCSO, but le ft in the 
sixth inning with the Tritons trai l-
ing_ K UI1 Luhrsen (3-2) came o n in 
relief, yielding runs in the seventh 
and eighth innings, picking up the 
co me-from-beh ind win, 

00 YOU SUFFER FROM 

ASTHMA? 
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR ASTHMA STUDY. 
ALL TESTING AND MEDICATIONS ARE FREE. 

QUAUFIED PARTICIPANTS Will BE PAID UP TO 

$ 200 FOR COMPLETE PARTICIPATlON_ 
WL 436·3988 
ASK FOR DIANNA OR JANET 

w_ w. PIesIcow, M.D" AsIhauI_ AIIeqw T_t and Rueardl c-er 

Go to The Beach thi~:<:Su m mer 
Califo'r,nia State Un.i~er5it~. 'Long Beach 

'~" 

Summer Sessions '92-:3 Ses5,iot'ls J?: 
June 1 ":' July 10 - J~k 22 :;;' 'JU IY,,:31 . ,j ui§"l:3 ~ :X~gust 21 

- Over 1:300 Class~5 ,pffereq in:;75'aepartmefrts 
- Easy reg(st~tlortliYi5A'a~~ MasterCard accepted 
- No::fofh1~'i a.:lrt!ls:5(o.~ ;61;he;fJntve rslty required 

:::::: ~:.:::~:; ::;';'.' (.-:,;:i;:~l:· .!::!;' .:' . 
,,:,~:Pay and eve:~lrii::;f.(a~~es.~~,f· :.. ;,,,:~';i;:;;;;:;:,; 

- GeneraIJ;!1uc~~~th:Ili1~S,~ , ' " 
- Units are tranSfe.ttable:,':,'P 

_,l" '{'" \t. .:t~' ..... )? ;::~t::>::_ .. 
Call for a free class 6Che~:I'u(e: (:310r9~5-2360 

or write to: SummerS essions. CSlJL6. 
J250 6ellflower elvd .• Long 6l'ach. CA 90e.w-6002 

The UCSD Guardian 

e lusive third oul. Morenodid so, but 
not before the damage had been 
done and Claremont had an 8-5 lead_ 

UCSD could score _'.'1oreno in 
the seventh, but no more, and UCSO 
had suffered another heartbreake r_ 

" I don ' t know how you could 
beat someone 9- 1, then tum around 
and lose like that in the second 
game," a mystified Jarre ll said, 

The three losses are the last nail 
in the coffin for UCSO's playoff 
hopes, but the coach isn' t too sur-
prised_ "We came out on fi re in the 
fi na game and then went flat," Ihe 
coach said , 

"We won ' t be in the playoffs 
because we're not playing like a 
playoff team," Jarrell added. 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 1 4 
itself unable to keep pace wi th the 
Aggies_ Da v i went on to take the 7-
2 win. 

That's when UCO began its ce l-
e bration_ 

"Davi celebr.l1ed early,ju t like 
it did last year," said a confident 
Harper. 

Davis w ill hold its place this 
week as the nation' s tO~r.lnked terun 
and earned a spot in the tournament 
with the Tritons and Cal Poly. 

Harper ex pects Berke ley will al so 
receiveoneofthe bids which will be 
m ade public later th is week. 

Dear science students: 
We arc a sci, educ_ co, seeking 
truly cxccllcntT A ' s/instructo rs 
for pit & f/ ttcach ing posi ti ons. 
If you know ohny r eally o ut-
standing, one-of-a-kind T A 's) 
instruc tors in Bio, Chem &O-
Chern , Math or Physics, pic 
and we wi ll send you useful 
grad school prcp info for doing 
so, + $300 finder 's fee for any 
instruc tor hired_ 

Thanks! 
1-800-843-4973 L!JU .. __ 1 ____ • __ 

L::J1':JfIC1 .. at -1.1 '!/ 

MiraCosln College 
Fric"ds ufO/( 11"'IIA"ili1'5 prl'5ttlts 

WHO WAS 
SHAKESPEARE? 
"'The World', Most Intriguing 

Uterary Mystery" 
••• /Iy Charles Vue, Earl of Burford 
••• Wed " April'l9, 1992 • 7:30 p_m_ 

Carlsbad Cultural Arts Center 
3557 Monroe Ave, Carlsbad 

••• General Admission: $8 
Students and Seniors: 55 

••• Information; 757-2121, ext_ 209 

SPORTS II 

p_ ••• _ ••• _ •• _ ••••• _ ••• 

: Buy One Cookie : 
• • 
• get the 2nd one • 
• • ! ~ .. FREE! ! 
• With tl.i. coupon Not valid witi. any other offer, Specially Cookie. not included, • 
.. _ .. _._._ ..... _ ... _ .. 

UCSD students, faculty and staff always 
get 1 0% off cookies (with val id LD_I 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
Mon-Thurs & Sunday , 100m - 9pm 

Fri-Sol. .. 100m -11 pm 
STUDY GROUPS WELCOMED! 

8935 Towne Centre Dr. 
453-8656 

1t UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, :t SAN DIEGO SCHOOL OF MEDICINE "Medical School Applicants Conference" 
May 9, 1992 

SPONSORED BY: 
UCS D-SOM Special Admissions Suppon 
(SAS) Program 

LOCATION: 
Liebow Auditori um 
Basic Science Bu itding, Roo1l1 2100 
8:00 am-4:30 pm 

TOPICS OF DISCUSSION: 
Curriculum Developmenl/Sludy Ski ll s 
The Professional Exam 
Admissions Process: OSleopathic/Allopathic Medicine 
Personal Sialement 
Moc k Inte rv iews 

INVITED MEDIC AL SCHOOLS: 
Charles R, Drew UniversilY of Medici ne and Science 
College of the OSleopalhic Medic ine of Ihe Paci lic 
Stanford UniversilY 
U,c' Davis 
U,c' lrvi ne 
U,c, Los Angeles 
U,c, San Diego 
U ,c, San Francisco 
Universi ty of Southem Califomia 

FOR ADDITION AL INFORM ATION AND TO REGISTER. CALL THE 
SPEC IAL ADMISS IONS SUPPORT PROG RAM AT 534-4170, 

REGISTRA TION FEE $6.00, 

~nU~"'IN(; (;0. 
UCSD 
"IG'" Wednesday 

Nights _ 

$1 
PILSNIRS 

I 
I 
I I 
I 

II ,o c:~ e~ .,,' ~~\\)I""';" 
'-_---r''1he best fish and sandwich place in La JoJ/a* 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am-2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21/w student 10 



.. 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
APPAREL ZONE Designer labels for 50-
90% offl 8250 Gamino Sanla Fe. 4!SC).3323. 
(4/9-&'4) 
a.ncItfRolM In the Muallm~. Monday, 
May 4. 6:30 p.m., International Center. 
Refreshments served. Freef (4127·514) 
SUMMER TOURS TO EUROPE. 
AUSTRALIA AND ntE GREEK ISLANDS. 
15-19 days. Alf expenses paid Including 
meals. $1395-$1798. Call ContikJ Toul3 , . 
800-950-1037 ext 112. (4127·517) 
HAWAII CLUB LUAU 5/2,1 ·5 p.m. at Revelle 
Stonehenge. Tickets at box office. (4127-4/ 
30) 
Revelle GraduabOO '92 speakers wanted II 
Pick up application form now at Revelle 
Dean's offlcel Due May 8thl (4127-514) 
International Cafe every Friday. 11 :3()- t :30 
attha IntemationalCenter. Make new friends. 
enjOY new menu each week. All American 
and foreign students and SiaN welcome. Only 
$2 (4123-514) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
reces ion-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587·3680 
B.l's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456·1579 
Domino's ................... ... 452·UCSD 
Heidi's ....................... ... 450·3044 
La Jolla BreWing Co ..... 456-BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483-9991 
Royal Thai Cuisine ....... 456-2063 
Stralford Coffee House 481 -8590 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in IS-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in adv.ance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p,m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316. La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A,lOpfloor. 

Dl ... rt .. lon Workshops. Complete your 
dissertallon . For wrillen inlormation or 
scheduling, call 692·0966. Poslgraduate 
group. (3130-614) 
A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE IS looking for six 
new directors for 1992-1993. Paid positions. 
Requires responSIbility, dedIcation, 
professionalism, good interpersonal skills, 
leadership and admInistrative abolity. 10 hrsl 
week. Application deadline Monday 4127. 
534-4689. (4123) 
JETTO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SUMMER, 
just $269 with AIRHITCH(r) (no asterisks and 
no restrictIOnS - can be one-way or each 
wayl) as desaibed in Consumer ReportS & 
Harvard ·Let's Go Europe· guide. For printed 
program description & reg. forms. call 800-
397-1098. (4123-&'4) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: small bag with jewelry near Club 
Med. Thursday 4116/92. Call Luis @ 453-
8258. (4127·514) 

1 WEEK 
FREE 

with any 3 week Pre-paid program. 
EJpires May 20, 1992. 
AiJ9Iii-~1 r. NIl w:u:.o. 

You Are Always Special 
at Diet Center<!!> 

Lost - small green Chinese silk bag 
containing jewelry (necklace. bracelet. watch, 
nng earrings). Parklng area oH Osler, near 
Intemal medicine on 4116/92. Tremendous 
sentimenlalvalue. REWARD FOR RETURN. 
(7 14) 55H)978. (4123-4127) 
Craig - Did you lose your bracelet? 458-
5921 - John. (4123-4127) 

SERVICES 
Typing service, term papers, etc. Editing 
available. Quick tumaround, low rates. 287-
4456. (419-4127) 
Ex-French student helps you - I'm cheap and 
nlcel... 236-92921406. (4127) 
Word Processing/Typing: Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theses. letters . 
rosumes. AccuraleiFast service. Mat)' Ann 
452-9439. (3/30-4130) 
Need help putting together a professional 
looking resume? Student rHurne .. rvlce is 
a sludenl run organization Ihat can creale a 
resume for you based on the format 
reoommended by Fortune 500 recruiters for 
only $15. Ovemlght service available. Call 
Peter. 453·8258. (4127-4130) 
MACINTOSH SERVICES . Don' t pay 
bookstore pricesl We do repair and training 
for all Madntosh computer models. Fast, 
Inexpensive guaranteed since 1989. We fix 
video. floppy. hard drive, etc. ERICTRONICS 
581 -2339. (4127) 

RESUMESI WORD PROCESSING : 
Professionally edited, lasertypesel Resume 
includes Iree inlerviewing tips brochure. 
PagesPlus 452-1240. (4127-5111) 

FOR SALE 
Plane ticket for sale. SF to SO June 7 leaving 
8:55p.m .. $35. Contact RIck@792-9178. (41 
20-4127) 
3 year old beige custom made couch set with 
queen sleeper. Cost $1600 new. sacrifice 
$400. Good condition. Twin luton with frame 
$75. Call Chris 558·2859. (4127-4130) 
1989 White Escort · 22,000 miles· AWFM 
radio -$3200 or best offer -Call 452-2316. (41 
27) 
Harry Connick Jr. tickets for sale. Fifth row 
(orchestra) for May 8. call Aimee 453-5042. 
(4127-514) 
100 wan bass and keyboard amp fo< sale. 
Only $330. Call Shyarn at 272-9957. (4127-51 
14) 
IBM PS/2 FOR SALE. model50Z, 286, VGA 
color monitor. t MB RAM, 30MB HD, 1.44 
M B and 360KB floppies. Software included. 
$600 abo. 546-1197. (427-4130) 
'84 Saab Turbo: LOADED, excellent, high 
miles, runs greaU $2800 or best offer. Call 
459-0640. (4127) 
Furniture, couches, dishes, silverware, 
pietures, toys, and lots more. Please calt 534· 
5213. (4127-5111) 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

Hew8l1an 1UrftIoerd. VIctory thennocomp 
wetsult with board cover - $120. Mo.., 
italian racing bike wi campagrolo 
~ts & Integra 500 pedals - $100. 
Call Randy: 792-008 1. (4120-514) 

Futon and frame $100. Full size rnatress set 
565. Bunk bed complete. $159. Can dell,er. 
222-4 n 1 (416-4130) 

'84 Honda ITIOIDrcycie. CB125. Runs great 
and looks brand newl Plus lull lace helmet. 
$6OO0b0. Day&IEves 457-341 O. (4116-4130) 
Spring is here - ride 10 schooll Ten speed 
$45 abo. Mountain bike, greatcond. $220. (41 
23-4127) 
TRAVEUNG EUROPE? North Face internal 
frame backpack. Perfect condition. $1.25 abo. 

Chris48I~127 . (4123) 

'76 TOY01a Corona wagon, blue, good 
condition, $900 abo. Steve 587-8784. (4123· 
4/27) 

Computer, IBM oompatible, unused, monitor, 
keyboard. printer. paper, manuals, floppies. 
Great for papersl $499. 259-8217. (4123-41 
30) 
Japanese/Chinese china and plates for sale. 
Cheap I 452·2699. (4123-4130) 
Beat the parking hasslel Honda Elite 250, 
1985 model. Top speed approx: 75 mph , 
freeway legal. Selling for $995. bought it for 
2300 in '85. Call 583-2986. (4123-4130) 

WANTED 
TEN PEOPLE wittl HEADACHES, drugless 
therapy, proven results, CALL CARMEN452· 
2882. (4127,517) 
Roommate for Spring Duarter wanted. Share 
bedroom with neat & considerate roommate. 
Possibility of having a Single. 52501100. (Price 
negotiable). Solana Beach, 2 min . walk to 
beach. Conlact Randy: 792-008 1. (3130-41 
27) 
Weekend tutor needed for Social Science 
60. Pays 51()-20 per hour. Leave your name 
and phone number at (619) 4662319. (4120-
4127) 

Profitable International marketing company 
looking for ambitious people to expand with. 
For information call 591 -1 659. (4120-4130) 
Anyone who attended WOODSTOCK MUSIC 
FESTIVAL 1969. Please call Joel for interview. 
(6f9) 587-2756. (4120-4130) 
Piano voice and guilar teachers part time. 
Highesl rates paid. 944·5199. (4116-5111) 

UCSD AUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 

I ~~:i Diet~ 
I ~SD I Center Stud_HtI I 

GRAD WEEK·PUERTO VALLARTA-8 days, 
roundtrip air, beachfronl hotel. falces . transfers 
paid. GAP TRAVEL 492-8479. (412()-517) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only 55.95. While you wail. Xeroxes and 
more. Near SI. Germain·s. 452-9949. (9123-
614) 

For Sale: Two Rotlei 35 mm cameras, one 
black, compact, fully adjustable. excl. cond 
$190 ea obo. 755-9078. (4127) 
1986 Honda Rebel 250. New brakes. dutch, 
chain. Excellenl condition. S9OOIoffer. 793· 
7151 . Leave message. (4127-4130) 

CASTING FOR A VlD£O. Models or model 
types, slim to curvy. good face, dependable, 
flexible hours. opportunity. call 284-5095. 
W/Barbara West, Palomar College/City 
College. (4123-4130) 

Suspension Plus .......... 558·8562 
Cosla Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ........... ....... .455.()9()9 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Royalty Nails ........ ........ 483-6188 

UCSD HEALTH II FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 277-8255 
Being Fit ..................... .. 483·9294 
Classical Eye ... ............ 452·7374 
UC Cyclery ............ ...... .452-8842 
Dr. McDonald, Opt. .... .. 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan, DDS .459-5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. . 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSD TRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452·0630 

UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Star .. .•. 453-0511 
Miramar al Cabot ......... 549-0500 

UCSD ETC. 
Audiofile ....................... 459-FI LE 
Cal Copy ..... ................. 452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 277·6744 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
MD Labs ................ ....... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587·8600 
Video Gallery ............... 452·1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
St. Germain's ............... 455-14t4 

---I 11t. 14!ftflJl-lou ftK~~l.· 
CAlL LA JOll.A DIET CENTER®TOOAY 

459·5979 
7467 Cuvier (off Pearl) 

Clill c-.c....-.c. Wo9CI-.Sj>ood ..... n_ 
-""Y"'-_." __ 

, Fill·ins 
• Sculptured Nails · Linen & Silk 
• Tips & Acrylic · Pedicure ' Gel 

• Hot Oil Manicure 
• French Manicure 
, Regular Manicure 

Caff now 224-2818 
c5porls ?!f'flna ?!,..,a 

.ll5J 5i'OJecran.s 
11//" 211, 0an ']J,lty<', G?I 

• Drunk DrIving 
• Drugs/Narcotlcs 
• Shopllftlng/Theft 
• Traffic TIckets 

• Parole/BalI/Probation ~"-.I 
• Major Felonies 

Former San Diego Prosecutor 
LISA KAy BAUGHMAN 

Attorney At Law 
457-8457 

4660 l..1 jolla Village Dr .. Suite 600 
ServIng San Diego County 

c..J1 24 hoot> 
Free consult.ttton 

Parvaneh's Skin Care - Facials, waxing, 
lash tonts , permanent eyeliner. t O'Y. OFF with 
ad. Anollcial and Natural nails, manicure and 
pedicures by Ashley. 10% OFF with ad. 
Natural nails & pedicures by Rebecca. 10% 
OFF with ad. Call for appointmenl. Tangles 
Salon, Renaissance Centre, 552-1174. (3/ 
20-514) 
TLC TYPING. ·Word processing With Care: 
Reports. Papers. Resumes, Forms. LaserJet 
printer. Student rates. 279-0309. (4/13-517) 
VIOLINNIOLA LESSONS. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn from an experienced, 
professional teacher. Now acoepting students 
- alillgOS and levels welcome. Call Conrad: 

552~94. (3/30-614) 
Olga Ban - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. 558-46441226-1962. (3130-614) 
Piano singing. guitar lessons. at horne or at 
our studios. All levels and styles. (800) 227-
6222. (4116-5111) 

Motiv Mountain Bike, Shimano 21-Speec!, 
good COndition, $125 abo. call 552-0755. (41 
27-514) 

For sale: Nlntendo games • eKcelient 
condition, $10 each. For list. call Shynn at 
453-8929. (4127-4130) . 
Keyboard, Casio MT 205, drum-pad Input, 
infinite drum combos, 8insNnents, recording, 
stereo. $90. 259-8607, Jenny (4127) 
GREGORY BACKPACK, Intemal Irame, 
great condition, size M, $95. 259-8607. Jenny 
(4127) 

2 Nakamich16· speakel3 St25 abo. AOS 8· 
speakers $75 obo. Alpine 80 walt amplifier 
$50 abo. Call Chris 792·1232. (4120-4130) 
Truck for sale - I must sell my 1984 Mazda 
B-2000 pickup truck. It's a clean, reliable 
vehicle. 5·speed wittllow m~es, maintaJnance 
records available. $25OO-obo. Gall 292-8462. 
(4120-4127) 

HOUSING 
Walk to UCSO. Literale and upbeat. Into 
science, tech, biz, health, and humanity. 
Share nice 2 bdrm apl (wl1ots o'books and a 
pool tablel) in Ralph's Center. $380/100. John 
452-6289. (4127·5128) 
Room for rent in 3SR house in Clairemonl 
Mesa. Washer/dryer, garage, fe nced 
backyard. $315 + 113 utilities. Move in ASAP 
467·0345. Paid until May. (4120-4130) 
ProfessionaVgraduate. 2 bedroom suite 
overlooking Rl5-52IGarden. AvUabIe now-
surrvner. Furnished. Linens. No smokinw 
alcohol. 452-0939. (4127-4130) 
Female roommate wantedl $4301100 own 
bedroom and bath or two roommates to share 
the rOOlTllbath for $2551rno. Near UTC. Gall 
587-8626. (4127~/30) 

WINDANSEA BEACH: $25O.'month, large 
yard. ocean view. quiet, busline, share room, 
great location. ~075. (4127-4130) 

STUDENT CONTACT LENS SPECIAl 
SEAlFlSUTC 
$9800• EmIIDm $16910-DIllY WEAR 

sIn ClITACTS lIAR . saR ClITICTS 
Durasoft D2T4 Duruoft D3X4 

250/0 OFF MIllE $199·-
FRIIES lLElSES DISPlSIILE 

CO It PLm CIITICII 
· ilttluJN: t'~" r \anlln,lion . ronll,.1 ~' "" (j Uin,::. (ullmN'I. ~i"l. Inini .. " "IN' kit W/50I .. tio" •. 

orrt'r nol ~00t1 " llh In y qlhrr flpt'li ll. 

For appointments or information 455·5795 or 
call th Optical Department at 622·9365 

Monday, April 27, 1992 

FEMALE ROa.UoAA TE WANTED IOranllitrge 
room in Un~ City condo. $335 • 113 
utilities. Jody 587· 1330. (4127.517) 
WANTED: Female physician seeks houseI 
apt tosublellhousesit lorane month (June or 
July), near University HoapitaI if possible. 
Please call 534-4f5O. (4127) 
SUMMER R<XlMMATE(S) WANTED: own 
room ($400) or share master bedroom wilh a 
friend ($290 each) in furnished 3 bedroom 
apt Gym. pool. par1Ung. w/d.cIoseto campus, 
bus, stores. Gall 452-3019. (4127-517) 
Desperalely seeking roommate, to share a 2 
story townhouse in Clairemonl 15 min. Irom 
UCSD. $275 • 113 utilities. Must be clean, 
considerate and responsible. Non-smoker. 
Call ASAP 292-8462. (412()-4/27) 
WINDANSEABEACH in La Jolla. 2 bedroom, 
1.5 bath. Ne9doneroommateASAPtoshare 
with professional. non-smoker, $46OImo. 112 
utilities. Best location aroundl Call 459.CJ640, 
leave message. (4127) 
Share3BR house Crown PoInVPacific Beach 
w/ male Po/i Sci gradltawyer and female 
businessperson. Relaxed, int'I environs, but 
no indoor smoklng.5360 + 113 utilities. 
Immediate occupancy. 272·5886. (4120-41 
27) 
Two fun and responsible guys looking for 2 
people with same qualities to share master 
bedroom in La Jolla during summer and next 
yearfor$3OOIperson. 558-1360. EricorKevin 
(4/20-514) 
w.nt to rnaIte money while you are out of 
town this summer? Rent your house , 
apartment or pari thereof to responsible law 
students who will be clerking at Seltzer 
C.p lan Wltklnl & McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call 685-3164 for lurther information. 
(4/13-614) 

For rent: Townhouse - near bus line, UTC, 
washer/dryer, dishwasher, 1112 baths, pool. 
3 bedrooms. Owner not bothersome and 
very quick to fix th ings. Call 587 -9261 . Leave 
message. (4/16-4/30) 

FiT SurrvnerMarketingiSales Assislant. Mac 
experience/strong communicalion skills 
desired. $5.5OIhr. Jennifer 457·9882. (<4113· 
4130) 

POSTALJOBSAVAILABLEIMany posjtions. 
Great benefits. Call (805) 682-7555. Ext. P-
3387. (412-4127) 
Being III Is hiring eKperienced aerobic 
teachers for Clalremont location. Call Lenny 
483·9294 . (4120-514) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRtNG - Earn 
$2.000./month + world travel (Hawaii , 
Mexico, the Canibean. elc_). Holiday. SUnvT18r 
and career employment available . No 
eKperience necessary. For employment 
program call 1-206-545-4155 ext. C450. (3/ 
30-614) 
EXCEPTlONALSUMMER OPPOR-TUNITY 
- Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrs/NYC) 
counselor/specialist positions-aU landlwater 
sports, camping. computers, A&C, radio . 
Write us at 55 Chann el Drive, Port 
Washington. NY 11 050 or caJl 516-883-3067. 
(2127-4/30) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
cruiseships. Students also needed Christmas, 
Spring and Summer for Amusement Park 
employment. Call (805) 682·7555. Ext. F-
3147. (412-4127) 
National marketing firm seeks all students 
and student organizations interested in 
earning $5OO-$15OOforone weekon-campus 
project. Call Melanie about this lun and easy 
programal1-800-592-2121 KI23orLorIxl54. 
(4116-4127) 
LAW CLERK/SECRETARY - Accurate 
typing, good phone skills, detail-oriented. 
FleKible hours, office open 8-5:30. $5.25 per 
hour. Call for interview- 560-8405. (4116-41 
27) 
SU MMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT. EARN $2500·3500 . 
National campaign positions 10 promole 
comprehensive recycling. pesticide relorm 
and curb global warming. Avail In 29 slates 
and D.C. campus inlvws 4128&29 and 51 
13&14. Call JamIe: 1·80()-75-EARTH. (4123-
4/27) 

T he UCSD Guardian 

LlFEGUARDISWIM INSTRUCTORS. $7.29t 
hf.AvaJlable nowthru summer. Poway School 
District. Requires: WSI, 1 st Aid, CPR, LGT. 
Call 679-2545 .. 8-5. M-F, (4120-4130) 
END THE SEMESTER WITH A BANGt 
Student groups: Earn hundreds of dollars 
each day offering Discover Card applications 
on campus. Last chancel 1-800-932-0528, 
ext. 99. (4123-5114) 

PERSONALS 
Technology pnncess. Our true colors are 
recorded: whlte-grey-brown-green-red-blue-
yellow. USlen. (4113-614) 

ERIC TOPPER or if you know where to lind 
him, call Jason 714-685-9304 conceming 
band . (4120-4127) 
YOU CAN HAVE WHITER. BRIGHTER 
TEETH NOWI DentiSI supervised, 
permanenlly whItens. Safe and simple. $300 
for upper and lower/ reg. $495. Staff and 
Student payment plans available. Caliloday 
for more inlormation at 453-5525. (4/23-514) 

RITES OF PASSAGE of riles 01 passage or 
riles ... May 12. 1992. IndIgo Girts. 1-800-
554-3742. (4123-4127) 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay you to 
lose 10-29 Ibs. In 30 days. 1-8oo-3n -8442. 
(4127-5114) 

Earth Day was last week, but 
recycle anyway. 

The Guardian La Jolla W 01 1-5 near UCSD. Unlurnlfurn 
sunny 1 br and studio apts from 5590. 24-
hour security, patloslbalconies, BBOs. By 
Trader Joe's, bus stop, shopping. 452-8850. 
(4/16-4130) ---------------------~------------, 
3 bedroom condo off Eastgale Mall available 
September 1. Washerldryer, pool. Call Nina 
792-6453. (4116-4127) 

• 

WANTED: 2 roommales lor Solana Beach 
House. Approx. $350. Available May 1 Sl. Mel 
or Karen 792·74591792-8874. (4123-4127) La Jolla Marriott 

EMPLOYMENT 
Sci fi writer looking to cotlaborate on small 
story, approx. 40-60 pages. to meet 1 or 2 
times per week. Solid writing skills are a 
must. 2-3 authors in tandem. No pay. 587-
8948 Ari (pron ·R.E.·) . (4127-4130) 

TEQUILA TUESDAY \ 
~"n' Good "me. WS ~ ROCI\' Part time. Marketing Administratiion Support 

foryoungdistrilution company, Word Peffecti 
D-base skills required. Call 578-7887 . (4127) DON'T FORGET $1J)RAh Part time, mornings; Tues.iThurs., P.R. Marke1in9 assistant for doctor's office. Call CARMEN 4S2-2882. (4127-517) 
Top Instructora only. ple_. Bio, Chem or 
Physics. Grads. poSldocs, adjuncts wi great 
evals. call for pi! or fit teaching opportunities. 
Hyperlearning 1-800-843-4973. (<4127) 

HAPPY HOUR 
5-8 p.m. 
$1.00 
APPETIZERS 

NIGHT 
Triple A Student Painters. Now hiring panters 
fulVpart time. Noexperiencenecessary. Earn 
$5-8ihour working in Rancho Sante Fe and 
Encinitas. Act nowll -800-394-6000. Homan 
Asiri (4127-4/30) 

$2.25 
TEQUILA. SUNRISE 

Late Night Jammin'to Classic Rock $100 Tequila Shots 8 pm to closing 
TORREY'S A San Diego 

Large outdoor event company looking for 
enthusiastic people to work weekends. II you 
are a ·peopIe person: call Personnel at 587· 
1717, Monday·Friday, 1 p.m.· 5 p.m. (4127· 
4130) 

Nightclub io.:ared in the 4240 LIt JoIIIt VllllCe Dr., LII JoIIIt CA 12037 
San Diego Marrion (811)117·1414 ext. 8220 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR, WASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

~ 
WEMCYClE 
OUfIWATER 

--UCSD I 
• 

Le Jolt . Vill e,. Dr. 

I 
UTe 

I 
z. ® J 1: ... 0 , . I 

OPEN 7 DAYS. AU SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHEll SU 2000 • DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------: fill Full Strvice $ 99 l 
: G?~6'i P~l!!Alt! 3'4." : 
I (.4.R WASil Nat VIId".wy oN CIIIr. SAVE $4.01 I 
I Expm5l1~ I 
------------------------

Amsterdam 
Paris 
Madrid 
Rome 

$318* 
$379* 
$405* 
$418* 

• All fares tr:e each ~ based en a 
Taxn rot IndJdtd. Some 

apply. Student stMlJS may Ix req..oited. 
'",.""" ___ rc, 

Council Travel 
UCSO Price (mer (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5 :30 p.m_ 
Saturdays 8 a,m.-5 p _m. 

e, 
Kandall 

"e ... _.~. 
Ku""~ ""_", 

'._r~" 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

The MeAT is coming to San Diego this September. 

Hyperlearning (455-1000) 
The MCAT Review Course (456-4848) 

H. Kaplan (277-6744) 
The Princeton Review (695-9952) 
and Ronkin (587-8600) 
all have prep programs for this test. 

Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for a course, 
call around and get the facts. Best of all, ask your friends. 
We have several hundred recent students who are on-campus 
at UCSD. How many hours were in your course? What were the 
credentials of your instructors? Was teaching their exclusive, full-
time responsibility? How large were your c/asses? How many 
passage-style problems did you cover? How many testing hours? 
How many essays did you write? How many were professiontlily 
critiqued and scored? ILt me see )lour materials! 
When learning complex skills, it is our position that you need 
extensive personal contact with real experts in small classes, 

Included in ow program: 
Over 130 hours of in-class problem sol ving and review . 
The best instructors in theil fields, with advanced degrees 
in their specialty, and years of full-time teaching experience. 
Neyer more than 24 students in any class, 
Four d ays a week over twelve weeks. 
Two full weeks of MeAT testing and analysis. 
More than 1,600 pages of focused review materials. 
All subjects reviewed simultaneously rather than serially. 
Well paced prestudy, in-class, and homework activities, 

Our classes start June 22nd. Call for additional information. 



1 • 

14 SPORTS 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday a (next to Domino's PIzza) • 452-9949 
M.F 8.30-6 p m E .pl'C~ 5; 27/92 
Sat 1·4 p .m ~ W,th UCSD ID 

r----1r::'~n. UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~~2~~~~~Y* 
-w •• 1Iver • $20 mlnJmwn purchaa.e · wah In ~ mile rldlUl or ca mpul 

f;.p III1 l l9'l 
NOl v.lld Wllh 
any olher oI1'tr 

455-5545 

as always, 10% or, when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. li n th Ralph's Ce nter ) 
Prompt del"ery, 7 days a "eek Open dOI ly am·8 pm 

UCSD BOOKSTORE'S 
ANNUAL 

,// 
// 

,." 1'" 
,#/ 

.// 

~\ 
\'~~ .. . ALL 

.~ ,; "\~ GENERAL BOOKS, 
~ 

\\ TECHNICAL '.~ 

", I 

BOOKS, 
CLOTHING 

& SUPPLIES* 

• Best-sellers, magaZInes, textbooks, medIcal 
books and Instruments, the computer and 
electronics department are excluded. 

534-READ 

The: UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1992 

Men's Tennis Tames Tigers, 9-0 
• UCSD ends losing 
streak as it smashes 
Occidental Saturday 
By Blal, Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's tennis team 
ended its losing streak with an im-
pressive 9-0 weep of the Occiden-
tal Tigers on Saturday afternoon. 

John Cross. playing at number 
one singles for the Tritons. started 
things off as he defeated Grant 
Deremer in two tough sets, 7-6, 7-6. 
Jeff Bethard, UCSD's number-two 
player. c ruised past Fred Cohagen 
in tmight set ' , 6-1,6-3. 

Carter Hedrick,the number-three 
player for the Tritons. rolled past 
Chris Hickson after an exciting first 

~et, 7-6. 6-2. 
CSD 's number-four player, 

Vem Yamell, c rushed the Tigers' 
Dan Plotnick, 6-1, 6-3. 

Robbie Ho continued the Triton 
win '>treak as he defeated Marty 
Bean at the number-five sIOl. 6-4, 6-
I . Roy Gessford rounded things out 
at ingle forUCSDwitha7-6,6-4, 
struggle over Dana Long. Jeff Bethard helped UCSD down Occidental, winning his 

With the match already won by 
the Tritons after the singles compe-
tition. the doubles matches were 

UCSD's number-two doubles ber-three doubles, fini hed off the 
team. consisting of Hedrick and sweep for UCSD as they smashed 
Gessford. played a fant~ tic match their way past the team of Bean and 

merely a formality. against the Tigers' Deremer and Long, 6-2, 6-1. 
The Triton team of Cross and 

Bethard ou s ted Cohagen and 
IIick~on at number-one doubles. 

Plotnick. After it was over, the Tri- This win against Occidental was 
tons Mjueaked by in two sets. 6-4, a very important one for UCSD. 
7-6. With one match remaining, which 

7-6.6-3. Yarnell and Ho. playing num- See M. TENNIS, Page 11 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 16 
finale . 

The Triton jumped ahead early 
in the first end of the twin bill, 
scoring five times in the first inning. 
The Mustangs ban led back with te-
nacity,sli ingtheUCSDleadtoone 
by the fifth inning. 

TheTritonsled I 1-9 entering the 
last inning , when the Mustangs 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 16 
end of the first half. UCSD went on 
to take the 11 -3 win behind Jamie 
Dailey's four goals. 

Teammate Brenda Reiton al 0 
smacked the canvas for four of her 

scored and put the tying run on 
second base. With two ou ts, fresh-
man hurler Steve Height was beck-
oned to the mound with a fire to 
extinguish. Height proved that he 
owns a spot in the veteran Triton 
rotation , retiring the final Mustang 
c1ubber and eaming his first save of 
the year. 

Brent Hansen (9-0) tarted the 
game for UCSD and picked up the 
win, despite the shelling intlicted by 

own. Most impoI1antly, the win a.~­
sured UCSD that it would be one of 
the tournament 's top three finishers 
and earn the national tournament 
spot. 

While UCSD's first two tourna-
ment games proved to be easy, the 
Tritons had what might best be cal led 

IJ SUSPENSION . T~;~k~~f'-~ PLUS _. . Struts SOOMIIl 1- . Front Ends ENCINITAS 
, .. SPECIAL TY CENTERS. Alignments 

r FOOO:;;HEEL 11 FREE ~~~~EHT [ Fr;,;rt Wh'e:i" oriv;1 
1 B RAKE I· ·1 Service $5995 1 I 1 Computerized 1 Special !"., boot 1 
1 SPECIAL 1 AFrloi nt End $24951 c~.!,'::..~~:.~ 1 
1 $6 995 1 gnment m",,' c." t- MooI C<IIS. E.p 5111192 Sttcasttt. ta'nbef & toe 10 - - - - -t 1 ""'" cor. 1 ~r=:-' I Strust pa~klage 1 

u. Thouoond liiio W Asl<lbout our peela 1 RIpIoce pod .. "" ~ 1 lour·whett .f;gnmtnt I Gas cartridges (pair) 1 
chocI< h tTrucks & ...... 1m) ~ 

.... ., cytnItr: ~ E.p. 5111m ; $11995 1 
----=~= ..... , Front End Super Struts (pair) low as 1 

=:::'100 1 Alignment 1 '15995 1 
Il1IIIlMottnoo-, 1 & 4-TIre $1995 I lAIImowwrll1ly.F,"tigrtnonl l 

..... ....... FI1t IIr1U Rotation ...,puodwo._ .... 

....... "",*,1on(_CIf1~ 1 L. up. 51,,"2 ... 
'MIlo......... ._ 51 TOISftonly. liost .... (ruc:I1I - - --

loll ....... ~ t-!v::.:-:'E:':'::' ~ Tune-up $ 95 I 
011 Cha~e -14-Wheel $4495 1 ~~;.a"-'.41, I 

1 Special I~AIIgn""", 1 =v=='_Oot:rv' 1 ~.IIoC>I . _ SotCOS". _&1OO1O Mto"lJbo_V_ 
1$1495 1I1or.14>105quM15 l l1\IftUfactuoe(sspoofocaIIOnS 1 _iJ/IrhIn",~ I 01 v_. _ shms & cans ..... ' edrlitoVI. 6 ~, lloftIIr 
L un. Eop. 5I11if2 • E,p 1111"2 • ,.",..,. EIIp. 5111<112 
----- .... -----.. --___ .J 

• Suspension lifts· Body lifts and lowering. Available 
Mjramar Auto Center • Winston Square 
6696 Minnar Rd. #1 3112 Midway Dr. #0 

the Mustang lineup. The senior ace 
was touched for seven runs through 
his four innings on the mound. 

Marcos Magdaleno hammered 
out three of the 12 Triton hits, in-
cluding a double with three RBI. 

Ernie lola roped two hits and 
chased home three runs. while Doran 
Yount also contributed two hits and 
three RBI. Catcher Dominic Dirksen 
went 2 for 3 in the opener with one 

See BASEBAU, Page 11 

an agonizing Sunday. 
UCSD matched up with Cal Poly 

San Luis Obispo for the first of the 
afternoon games. In a game that 
Harper called, "a little rough ," 
UCSD managed to crape by with a 
6-3 win. 

Dailey and Reiton again led 
UCSD with two goals apiece, while 
Julie Swail and Jane Quinn-Harkin 
each added one. 

TheTritons found Cal Poly goalie 
Iadine Kramer, the national "A" 
team goalie, to bea bit troublesome. 

With the Mustangs dropping 
back to double-team Dailey, Harper 
found his team reluctant to shoot at 
times. 

"We did everything we were 
upposed to do except shoot cor-

rectly," he sa id. 
As the tired Tritons finishedtheir 

game Sunday afternoon, they were 
immediately asked to jump back in 
the pool against Davis, the nation's 
top-ranked team. 

UCSD found itself trailing by 
only a goal, 2-1, at the end of the first 
period and well within the game. 

But the second quarter proved 
disastrous for the Tritons as they 
missed four man-up opportunities. 
UCSD quickly found itself down 
4-1 at halftime. 

" [TheshOlplacement]ju tkilled 
us," said a frustrated Harper. 

Still, Harper had seen hi team 
down before and wasn't worried. 

But the tough game earl ier in the 
day took it toll , as UCSD found 

See W. POlO, Page 11 

Monday, April 27,1992 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Floor 
Come and get involved! 

1992·1993 A.S, COUNCIL 
FIRST MEETING, APRIL 29 
(immediately after 1991 -1992 Council adjourns) 
Come see your new A.S. Representatives in action! 

GET INVOLVED WITH A.S. 
A.S. COUNCIL POSITIONS: 
Cllalr of 1.5. Judlclll BOlrd 
Dlnctor or Dnelopmlnt 
Dlnctor or Public RelaDoas 
Director or SPorts RelaDons 
ElecUons Manager 
Flnanclll Controller 
Parliamentarian 
Sludent Aoocale 

A.S. COUNCIL REPRESENTATIVES: 
RepreSlntalillS 10 Campus-Wide Commlnees 

(35) 
R.pnsentalills 10 Academic Senale 
SllIcommlttees (11) 
R ..... s.ntalllllO Slud.nt OrganlzaDon Finance 

Board (SOFl) 
R .... slntallYelO Cultural Programming 

Flnlnce BOlrd (CPFB) 
Pnsldent's RlllflSentallYelO Unllerslty Center 

Board (UCB) 
EXTERNAL AFFAIRS: 
President's Represenlallve 10 University of 

California Studenl Assoclallon (UCSA) 
Bo.d 

UCSA Campus Office Dlreclor 

PROGRAMMING: 
Asslstanl Programmer 
Asslstanl Programmer - Local Talent 
Assistant Programmer - Publicity 
Student OrganizaUon Liaison 
Prodlctlon Manager 
Chaillerson of Culture Quesl Festival 
Chairperson of SUI God Festival 

PUBUC RElATIONS: 
Medta UalsonlE'lnts Coordtllllor 
Newspaper Edllor-In-Cblef 
Publicity Manager 

STUDENT ADVOCACY: 
AssIsIIII Stude" ADocates (5) 
S .. ln ..... 1 Fir min Informatlonl call Randolpll 
SI.abessr It 53.-4UI or Alia CltalanoUo al 
a.-u&1. Pick u.I •• llcaUIIS IlIbI A.S. ontces, 
3rd fllDr If Prlcl Celler. 

FSSI - FACULTY, STUDENT, STAFF 
INTERACTION 

LUNCH 
Wednesday, April 29 
11 :30am - I:30pm 
Round Table Pizza Patio 

Have lunch with us this Wednesday. make new 
friend, meet your professors. Everybody welcome! 

The UCSD Guardian 

RACE, POVERTY & THE 
ENVIRONMENT 

FREE LECfURE/SLlDE SHOW 
Wednesday, April 29, 7:00 pm - 9:00 pill 
PHilO 
Presentati on by Bunyan Bryant, professor of 

Natural Resources at University of Michigan, on environ-
mental racism. 

Sponsored by Earth Day Coalition and Cu ltur.: 
Quest (for more info ca ll 534-7909) 

VIDEO LECTURE 
THE OMINOUS PARALLELS 
Wednesday. April 29. 8:00 pm 
Price Center - Davis/Riverside Room 
Presentation by Dr. L.:onard Peikoff . 
Sponsored by The Objectivisim Study Group at 

UCSD and the Ayn Rand In~tilUte 

LUAU! LUAU! LUAU! 
We'll Take You Back To Paradise! 
The "Ohana 0 Aikane" illVttcs you to our I,t 

annual LUAU!! 
Saturday. May 2. 1:00 - ):{)O pm 
Lunch served at I :30. program ~tart s at 2:30 
Entertainment is FREr ' 
R.:velle Stonehenge/Sollthlawn 
Tickets are available ill th ,' Price Center Bo" Offi c.: 
$1 O/students. $ 12/Gencl.1I $ 14 at (he door 
(SO BUY OW!) 

WARREN COLLEGE SE MIFORMAL 
ABOARD THE CRUI SE SHIP ENTERTAI NE R 
May I, boat leaves at 9:45 pm 
Event starts at 10:00 pm. 
Tickets sold at the Box office $10 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
Wednesday, May 6, 6:30 pm - 9:00 pm 
Price Center - Berkeley Room 
For further information , contact Shoshana at 

450-2994 or Mandy ar 459-8576. 

UCSD CA THOLIe COMMUNITY 
The 25th Anniversary Semi-Formal Dance-

ce lebrating 25 wonderful years of campus ministry. 
Saturday. May 2, 9:00 pill - 12 midnight 
Anchorview (Revelle Cafeteria) 
FREE ADMISSION 

AFRICAN AMERICAN STUDENT UNION 
SEMI-FORMAL INAUG URAL COMMIlTEE 
MEETING 
Tuesday, April 28, 4:00 - 5:00 pm 
San Francisco/Sal1la Cruz Room Price Center 
Even! Date: May 15 

Holiday Inn Embarcadero 

RECOGNITION CEREMONY COMMllTEE 
MEETINGS 
Sundays, 2:00 pm 
Berkeley Room Price Center 
Event Date: June 13 

Bayview Baptist Church 

THE NA VIGATORS CHRISTIAN 
FELLOWSHIP 

WILD WEDNESDA Y 
Wednesday. April 29, 7:00 pm 
Price Center Cove 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 
Friday, May 15 
10:00 am - 4:00 pm Festiv a l 
5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Barbeque 
8:00 pm - 12 midnight Music/Entertainment 
Sun God Lawn 
WATCH FOR MORE DETAILS! 

15 

ASUCSD PROGRAMMING PRESENTS 

FISHBONE 

APRIL 29 AND 30 
UCSD STUDENTS $1 4 ' GENEUL $17 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM, UCSD ' 8 PM ~ff}. 
lUST 111. TUIS O~ WI11IID ' UCSD 101 OffICI , 534·6467 ~ 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Volunteers needed to participate in the 4th An-

nual Great Strides 10K Walk to benefit the Cystic 
Fibrosis Foundation on May 9,1992. The 10K Walk 
ends at the America's Cup International Center in time 
to witness the start of the first day of fhe America's 
Cup! 

Habitat for Humanity will be going toTijuana on 
May 9 & 23. If interested come by our office. 

ASK is se ll ing T-Shirts for only $8.00!!! These 
are heat sensitive, and really cool!! 

We are st ill accepting applications for director, 
assistant director, director of special projects, volun-
teer placement director. and ASK director. 

[f you are interested in any of thes.: events or 
positions come by our office on the 3rd noor of th.: 
Price Center or call 534- 141 4. 

-



SPORTS 
16 SPORTS 'The UCSD Guardian Monday, April 27, 1992 

KEEANG T~on Track Does Battle With Aztecs, Crusaders 
.. JASON SNELL 

seQ RE • Scott Sargeant leads 
rnenp~tSDSU;women 

Dan Rather and the 
Courageous Dogs 
I T WAS EARLY IN TIlE MORNING and I had been up far too late the night before, so I rubbed 
my eyes at what I was seeing on 
my television screen. 

No, I hadn't imagined it. There 
were dogs on my screen - lot~ of 
them. Linle wiener dogs. 
trangely-shaped poodles, giant 

Saint Bernards. And Ihere, in the 
background, was a familiar barmer 
that read "CBS Sport ." 

CBS Spons was covering a 
dog show. At the same time, NBC 
was showing the NBA playoffs. 
ABC was broadcasting a bicker-
ing match between George Will 
and Sam Donaldson. On ESPN, 
Chris Berman was busy filling 
time between picks at the NFL 
dmft. 

CBS, on the other hand, was 
highlighting that famed world-
champion Pekinese, Muffy. The 
mighty CBS Sports eye was 
focused on Stupid Pet Tricks. 

5 1111. Do YOU hear that sound, way in the distance? That's 
Edward R. Murrow spinning in 
his grave. The mighty CBS, the 
network of news integrity, Dan 
Rather and giant baseball con-
tmcts, broadcast a dog COOlest. 

It was baseball. in some way , 
that brought CBS to this. After 
spending buckets of money on the 
broadcast rights for major league 
baseball, the network had to begin 
cutting costs wherever it could. In 
one attempt to recoup a little 
money, they decided to program a 
dog show on a Sunday morning. 
Prop up correspondent Andrea 
Joyce in front of the reviewing 
tand and let the hound parade by. 

"Courage," Dan Rather would 
probably advise Joyce. Courage. 

J OYCE AND OTIlER CBS spons correspondents will need 
more courage in the future, if the 
ridiculous TV pending i to 
continue. But chances are that the 
next football and baseball 
contracts will be smaller. The 
networks can't pay anymore. 

Then Rather will have to 
advise courage to the owners, 
because the networks won't 
subsidize the ridiculous salaries 
they've been handing out to 
players. Teams, running short on 
TV money, will go into the red, 
and it will be time for salary caps 
and revenue sharing. 

Courage, Mr. Sandberg, 
Rather might say. R yno might 
have to live with only $3 million-
a-year comra t from now on. 

While all that goes on with 
football and baseball. NBA 
Commissioner David Stem can sit 
back, Ijght a fat cigar, and chortle. 
Hi league is now the healthiest of 
the bunch. A large pan of Stem's 
solution was imply to clean up 
the Ie.'\gue and begin filling the 
seats. The other sports must 
undergo a course of economic 
refonn even more painful than the 

See SCORE, Page 9 

fmi h third behind Point 
Lorna Nazarene 
By Justine Cogan 
Staff Writer 

The heat was on at the track 
Saturday as the UCSD men's and 
women's track tearns squared off 
against San Diego State and Point 
Loma Nazarene College in the San 
Diego Collegiate Olampionships. 
By the end of the broiling day, the 
men had captured second, beating 
out SDSU by one point. 

The women finished third as 
Point Loma managed to inch out the 
Tritons by a single point. 

While Point Loma finished first 
for the men, and SDSU finished 
first for the women, the Tritons 
walked away with three new school 
record . two new women's NCAA 
champion hip qualifier, and a 
thrower headed to the Olympic tri-
also 

Top fini hers and new NCAA 
qualifiers for the women included 
Diane Fritz, who came in econd in 
the lOO-meterhurdles withatimeof 
15.42 seconds. Fritz broke her own 

Perfect Ending 
For UCSD Golf 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

If it were Monday Night Foot-
ball, it would have been called the 
"Battle of the Century."The UCSD 
golf team 's final matchuppitted four 
teams, three of them undefeated, in 
the cason finale at Torrey Pines 
South on Friday. 

Unbeaten UCSD needed every 
bit of its home-<:ourse advantage to 
squeak by Cal State Dominguez 
Hills,aI oundefeated,300-302.Ca1 
StateSan Bemardino,thethird team 
without a )0 s, placed third with a 
306, while Redlands was well off 
the pace at 320. 

The win was especially note-
wonhy for the Tritons, because both 
Dominguez Hills and San Bemar-
dinoareDivision U tearns with good 
shots at making the Division U na-

See GOLF, Page 9 

The UCSD men's track team beat out SDSU for second place at the San Diego Collegiate Championships. 
school record with the mark. On themen'sside,Scott Sargeant steeplechasewithatimeof9:38.48. 

Yvette Manullo fini hed in first had a tremendous performance in [an Cook jumped 6-6 to win the 
place in the 400-meter race with a the hammer, throwing 214-1. The highjump, and PatrickFoy won the 
time of 5B.34. throw not only broke the school BOO-meter race in ) :53.86. 

Other winners for the women record he already held,butalsoquali- Given that both the men's and 
were Renee Sprowl, who jumped 5- fied him for the Olympic trials. the women's teanls were riddled 
3 to capture first in the high jump, Also breaking his own school with injury and had to face two 
Denise McFeyden whoclinched the record was Paul Johnson, who won tough teams, UCSD Head Coach 
1,500-meter mce with a time of the pole vault as he cleared 15-7. Mark Stanforth was pleased. " I 
4:3B.74, and Viviana Reza, who Anotherwinnerforthemenwas thoughtltheteam)perfonnedwell," 
won the BOO-meter race in 2: 19.BO. Nathan Johnson in the 300-meter he said. 

Losses Seal Fate For Triton Softball 
• UCSD loses twice to 
Azu a Pacific, then 
plits with Oarernont 

By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

With a playoff berth on the 
line last week, the UCSD softball 
team knew that it had to win to 
make it to the postseason. Unfor-
tunately, knowing something 
doesn't alway mean you can do 
il. The Tritons played four games 
Thursday and Friday and only 
looked like a playoff team in one 
of them, dropping the other three, 
all of them contests UCSD (22-
20) should have won. 

Thursday's twin bill pitted the 
Triton and Azusa Pacific in a 
make-up from an earlier rained-
out doubleheader, UCSD had the 
first game tied up I- I in the top of 

SidaIt 0ebI~ 
Dianna Moreno won on Friday. 
the seventh when the Cougars led 
off with a single, and eventually 
the runner made her way to third. 
The Triton havestruggleddefen-
sively this season, and again they 
booted away their chances of win-
ning when the ball bounced off of 
third baseman Sara Vaplon 's 
glove, allowing the runneron third 

to score. 
Kim Stutzman was on the 

mound for the Tritons, and was 
touched for eight hits by the Cou-
gars. The junior pitcher was not 
helped by herdefense, which gave . 
up three errors in addition to the 
game-winning miscueon the day. 
UCSD's offense was no help ei-
ther, picking up only two hits off 
of Cougar starter Julie Todd. 

Game two was also a study in 
frustmt~on for the Tritons, who 
scored onl y one run despite seven 
hits. The Cougars were able to 
pick up two runs off of UCSD's 
Lacie Mounger. 

Leading 1-0 in the fourth, 
Mounger faced a bases-loaded, 
two-out si tuation , when s he 
walked in the tying run. Azusa 
picked up another hit in the in-
ning to finish its scoring, 

See SOFTBALL, Page 11 

Deja Vu Weekend for 
Women's Water Polo 

Baseball Picks Up Three 
• Tritons knock off Point 
Lorna before sweeping 
The M~ter's Saturday 

baseman rocketed a two-run homer, 
his sixth bomb of the season, added 
a two-run double, and skied a sacri-
fice tly. By the time Rex had hung 
up his spikes, the senior clean-up 
hitter had gone 3 for 3 while amass-
ing five RBI. 

• Tritons go 3-1 at 
Western Qualification 
Tournament 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

You might think theUC Davis 
women's water polo team would 
learn from experience. Last year, 
the Aggies be.'\tthe Tritons at the 
Western Qualification Tourna-
ment and promptly celebrated 
by throwing their coach into the 
pool. That celebration proved to 
be a bit premature, however, as 
the Tritons roared back to win 
the USA Water Polo Collegiate 
National Championships and 
their second consecuti ve national 
title in May. 

So when the Aggies again 
won this year's Westem Qualifi-
cation Tournament and reacted 
in much the same fashion this 
weekend, UCSD Head Coach 
DennyHarperremainedoptimi -
tic and confident. 

In what Harper heralded as a 
"DejaVu"weekend.theTriton ' 
women's water polo team fin-
i hed 3-1 and again earned a 
benh in this season's national 
tournament. 

UCSD warmed up for the 
weekend with a 21-0 blitzing of 
UC Irvine, before moving on to 
battle UC Berkeley on Saturday. 

1be Tritons came out quickly, 
jumping out to a 9-2 lead at the 

See W. POLO, Page 14 

By Ben Elgin 
Staff Writer 

As the Tritons continue on their 
collision course with the NCAA 
playoffs, the sluggers picked up 
some much-needed momentum with 
a victory at Point Loma Na7..arene 
on Thursday and a doubleheader 
sweepofThe Master's on Saturday. 

UCSD (24-6-1), compiled a 5-2 
record on its two-week road trip, 
and will host three home games 
before regional playoffs begin in 
the third week of May. The 12th-
ranked Triton are a shoo-in to meet 
top-ranked Cal Lutheran in the west-
em regional. 

On Thursday, David Rex nearly 
single-handedly pillaged the Point 
Lorna Crusaders as UCSD tri-
umphed 7-2. The Triton first 

Senior righthander Denny 
Kubinski (2-1) threw impressively 
for even innings, picking up the 
win. Kubinski fanned five Crusad-
ers and walked only two en route to 
his first decision si nce a Mar. 25 loss 
to Central Washington. 

Ryan Aanagan shut the door on 
the Crusaders, picking up his first 
save of the season. 

Saturday'sdoubleheaderwith the 
Mustangs became aslugfest.as both 
tearns combined for 42 runs on 60 
hits. Fortunately for UCSD, it man-
aged to come out on top with a I I-
10 nail-biter in the front end and a 
12-9 come-from-behind win in the 

See BASEBALl., Page 14 

A SPECIAL LOOK AT THE UCSD CONNECTION FOR THE SUMMER OLYMPICS 

Sailing for 
(South) 
American 
Glory 

Third College 

sophomore 

Giselle Camet 
began sailing at 

the age of seven, 

and has since 
won three 

American junior 
national sailing championships and 
one women's national champion-

ship. This summer in Barcelona, 
she'll be trying to bring home a 
gold medal. 

For Argentina. 

Saa page 03 
--- --~----
--~- --

GraphICS by l.1ell.1arcelo/Guallllan 

PAGE 01 

The Big Stars 
Are Coming 
ToUCSD 

Barcelona will mark the first time NBA 

players will compete in the Summer Olympics, 

and the roster for the U.S. Express reads like a 

roll call for the Hall of Fame in 1999: Magic 
Johnson, Michael Jordan, Patrick Ewing, Karl 

Malone, Charles BarkJey, Larry Bird, Chris 

Mullin, Scottie Pippen, John Stockton and 

David Robinson. Combtned it's a group which 

has accumulated three NCAA championships, 

three Olympic gold medals. 10 NBA titles and 
eight MYP awards. And they are coming to a 

UCSD Main Gym near you. 

See page 04/05 

Call Him Hammer Man 
Scott Sargeant has dominated 

the Division III hammer competi-

tion, having won the national title 

for the first time when he was a 

sophomore. Now a senior, he's 

turned his sights to the Olympics. 

In June, he'll compete at the 

Olympic trials in New Orleans. 
"His limitations are not genetic," 

says his throwing coach, Tony 

Salerno. "He can be as good as 

anybody, and there are very few 

athletes you can say that about. 

He's a good technician for some-

one who's only been throwing for 

four years, and he 's as strong as he 
will need to be," 

Seepage 02 

The Fast Track to Spain 
On June 23, Third College sophomore and Pan Am Games silver medalist Dirk 
Copeland will pedal onto a 250-meter-wide wooden velodrome track in Minnesota 

and hope his legs can push him faster than any other American. If he does, he will 
have repeated as national champion and won a spot on the U.S. Olympic team in the 
individual pursuit. That failing, he still has a chance for a spot on the team pursuit 
squad. And all it took was a year of backbreaking work. 

See page 06 



02 OLYMPICS 

OU GET TItE FEELING 1ltAT AT 
6-2, 240 lb " UCSD'sScott 
Sargeant would be happiest 
pummeling opposing 
quarterbacks into the turf. 
But as perhaps the top 

collegiate hammer thrower in the nation, 
Sargeant pends most of his free time in a 
concrete circle about the size of a closet. AU 
of that spent free time has paid off. however, 
as Sargeant prepares to attend the U.S. 
Olympic trials in New Orleans in lune. 

Sargeant had an extensive athletic 
background - he played soccer for four 
years in high school and threw the shot put in 
his senior year - but his success in the 
hammer i till somewhat remarkable 
considering he has only been going at it for 
four years. 

"I played intramural soccer my first year 
here," said the fi fth-year Muir College senior, 
"but my second year I came to talk to [throwing 
coach Tony Salerno) about doing the shot . 
He watched me for a while and said 'That 's 
nice,but have you everthought about throwing 
hammer?' and I said ' What's that?' " 

You can't blame Sargeant for his reaction, 
con idering that hammer is hardly one of the 
marquee events in a track and field world 
dominated by speedsters like Carl Lewis. But 
despite Sargeant' initial ignorance - the 
hammer, a 16-pound ball attached to a chain 
- turned out to be his natural calling. 

Four years later Sargeant has developed 
into the dominant hammer-thrower in 
Divi ion 111. That first year of Sargeant's 
UCSO's track career he qualified for the 
national c hampion 'hips and placed fourth. 

" I was really excited because I had done as 
well as I could have expected to do that 
season," he said. 

Hissophomore season. he won the national 
title in the hammer with a throw of 193-6. His 
throw was 14 feet better than the second-
place finisher, John Paul Smith of MIT. 

In the process, Sargeant picked up 10 
points - the only points th entire UCSO 
men' track and field team would claim that 
year. 

Last year Sargeant finished the sea on as 
an All-American, but was still disappointed 
with the final resuhs. U!>he finished seventh in 
the national meet. below his expectations. 
This year, however. Sargeant finds himself in 
prime position for the national title. I 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN/SrECIAL SroRTS SUrrLEMEl'IT 

N c o M M A N D 

MONOAY, AI'IUL 27, 1992 

chucking the hammer whenever he feels like 
it, the event requires years of training to get 
every step down right. Throwers u uall y peak 
around the age of 30 after at least 10 years of 
training: the current world champion is 36. 
With that in mind, Sargeant believes he can 
add another 40 to 50 feet to his personal 
record of214-I, which he set on Saturday. 

"His limitations are not genetic. He can be 
as good as anybody, and !here are very few 
athletes you can say that about," Salerno said. 
" He's a good technician for someone who' 
only been throwing four years, and he's as 
strong as he will need 10 be.... . 

"He's the best collegiate thrower I've ever 
coached," he added. 

I T'S NOT ALL POTENTIAL for Sargeant. He's already enjoying a considerable amount of success. 
Last week, he went to the Mt. San Antonio 

College (SAC) Relays and finished eighth 
with a throw of208-9 in a field that included 
the nation's hammer reigning champ, Ken 
Flax. 

He finished eighth at Mt. SAC last year as 
well. " Both [he and Salerno) were excited 
because I was in there throwing right with 
those guys, and they've got three, four years 
on me," Sargeant said. 

Furthermore, Sargeant's throw of 214-1 
- more than four feet over his previous best 
- made him an automatic qualifier for the 
Olympic trials. The throw was well over the 
210-foot mark required to qualify. 

Despite his recent success, Sargeant is 
making plans four years down the road for the 
1996 Olympics in Atlanta. While 214-1 is 
enough to make him "maybe the best 
American collegiate on any level" according 
to Salerno, the minimum Olympic standard is 
244 feet. After four more years of training, 
though, anything is possible. 

"He's got a good chance to be on the '96 
Olympic team if he keeps up his training," 
Salemo said. 

"TIlat would bethe ideal situation, with the 
games in Atlanta. The trials this year will be 
good for keeping me excited the next four 
years," Sargeant explained. 

In the meantime, Sargeant will be busy 
helping the UCSD team to a strong showing 
the rest of the season. 

Sargeant will be a busy man at the NCAA 
meet, since he also "accidentally" qualified 
tocompete in the discus event. "Accidental I y" 
may be the wrong word for it though, 
considering he i currently ranked fourth in 
the country .It the discus and is hoping for a 
finish among the top threeat the NCAA meet. 

ASK SARGEANT WilY he's so good, and the first reason that comes up is his 
Scott Sargeant has become one of the 

dominant collegiate hammer throwers in the 
country. Now, he's setting his sights even higher 

How important is he 10 the team 's success? 
"Last year at the conference meet, he won 

two events and came in second in another. 
That's 28 points, and the team as a whole 
scored 75," said UCSO track and field Head 
Coach Mark Stanforth. 

After Sargeant graduates this year with a 
degree in mechanical engineering, he hopes 
to be able to find ajob in the San Diego area, 
which would allow him to keep tmining with 
Salemo. 

oa h, Salerno. 
"I give total credit to him for the training," Sargeant said. 

"He's extremely knowledgeable, not just in the technical 
aspects of throwing, but in the cond itioning and the lifting 
programs too." 

Salerno seems to have the lifting program down pat. 

By Gregg Wrenn, Associate Sports Editor 

Sargeant said. 

"The competition is the best. It's not like 
any other sport. It's just you by yourself," 

Sargeant arrived at UCSO weighing in at 200 pounds, and has 
s ince added an extra 40 pounds via the weight room. 

The technical aspects of the throw are what Sargeant is 
concentrating on most these days. Although at first glance the 
event may sim~ly look like a big guy spinning around and 

"It's frustrating because it takes time, but that's also what 
makes it exciting, knowing that' Hey,l ' m not even close tomy 
potential yet.' And that 's the biggest force to keep me going 
and improving." 

GET RELIEF ••• GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
NSince 7980, the goal 0; our practice has 
been 10 find and remove the cause of 
your health problem, rather than just 
symptom relief - - without costly drugs or 
surgery. # 

• Student & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto, Work & Sports Injuries 
• Insurance Accepted 

Computer Rental Special 
for 

UCSD Students 
We deliver and set up a Complete IBM Compatible Computer System 
including Hard Drive, Monitor and aU kinds of software. Plus the 
best ongoing support and service in the business (just ask one of the 
many sTudents that rented us last quarter). 

465-9004 
D.411IDSOIV 
(X).'tfMlJNICMKJNS 
7Zl7 ....... ~ 
,,-a-. ~~ 1811''''''' __ ;.uJ"1JOCI 

• Open Daily 9 am·7 pm 
and Saturday 

CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
\10.( O\T t'lli \I '1'1,\ \1 f\ \\\ 

·\N» ( ON'l·l L\ TtO,\ 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 

loatcd all-S and La jolla Village Orive 
across from Hyatt Aventine 

MONDAY, ArRlL 27, 1992 THE UCSD GUAR))JAN/St'ECIAL SPORTS S rrLEMENT OLYMPICS 03 

Two Countries Under One 

Giselle Camet, three-time national champion and 
one-time world champion vvill sail for Barcelona 

gold under Argentina's flag 
By Jason Snell, Senior Staff Writer 

tSELLE CAMET IS SilTING ON A 
picnic table in UCSO's stu-
dent center, explaining how 
she managed to qualify for 
the 1992 Olympic sailing 
competition in Barcelona 

Since each country can only send one woman 
to compete in the summer game!>, the Third 
COllege sophomore' saccomplishment is even 
more impressive. 

Still. Camet is concerned 

Whilecitizenship isan issue when il comes 
to Olympic competition. other sailing events 
aren't nearly as picky. As a result. Camet was 
able to win three American junior national 
sail ing championships, and one women' s na-
tional Championship. In 1990. ~he was Ihe 
gold medali st at the youth world champion-
ships,marking her as the best under- 18 woman 
sailor in the world. 

But sailing in the summer games meant 
qualifying for the Argentine 

that there might be a miscon-
ception about which flag she'll 
be sailing under. 

"Everyone's Olympic team, which left Camet spending her winter 
break in Argentina. By fin-
ishing second there, Camet 
qualified for Ihe European 
sailing championships, which 
wereheldduring spring break. 

"y ou probably don't know 
this:' Camet says, "but I'm not 
sailing for the United States. 
I 'm ai ling for Argentina." 

It's easy to do a double-take 
when prompted with the ap-
parent contradiction that 
Camet, whose appearance and 
way of speaking seem straight 
out of Southern California, isn't 
on the U.S. Olympic team. 

While Camet's citizenship 
is Argentine, she has spent most 
of her life in San Diego - her 
father, a shipbuilder, moved 
the family here when she was 
four. 

Though Camet admits that 
the competition to race for the 
Argentine team wasn't as 
strong as it would have been 
for the United States, she didn ' t 
avoid being on the American 
tearn out of a fearofcompetition. 

got hopes to 
win the gold 
medal, but it 

would be 

great just to 
finish in the 

top bee and 
get a medal. I 
think I'm 
going to do it, 
if everything 
goes right." 

Those championships, on 
the Atlantic Ocean in Cadiz, 
Spain, determined Olympic 
qualifiers- the top racer from 
each country who also fin-
ished in the top 20 percent of 
the competitors would be al-
lowed to compete in 
Barcelona. 

Camet finished 15th out 
of89 sailors at thosechampi-
onshi ps, and the mher Argen-
tine racer finished 34th . Since 
other countries had more than 
one racer finish ahead of 
Camet, her score was ninth 
among racers who qualified 
for the Olympics. 

Camct feels that she' ll be 
among the top 10 fini shers in 
Barcelona, butalsoadmits that 
a medal is in her s ights. 

"Everyone's got hopes to 

"I would have had to fight 
for [a position on the U.S. tearn) 
like crazy, but I probably 
could've made it," she says. 
"But the only reason I would 've gotten U.S. 
citizenship would'v.e been to ail in the [Olym-
pic] trials ." 

win the gold medal, but it 
would be great just to finish in the top three 
and get a medal," she says. "I think I'm going 
to do it, if everything goes right." 

Instead, both Camet and New Yorker lulia 
Trotman will sail in the Mediterranean waters 
off Barcelona this summer,one for Argentina, 
one for the United States. 

As with any sport, most competitors at the 
highest level of sailing will have essentially 
equal physical skills. Right now, Camet keeps 
in shape by taking an aerobics class at UCSD. 

HE VOLUNTEER CONNECTION 

-DIRECTOR 
-ASST. DIRECTOR 
- ASK DIRECTOR 
-PLACEMENT DIRECTOR 
-DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL PROJECTS 

call 534-1414 for more information 
deadline May 1, 1992 

Photo Counesy 01 G,seffe Camet 
Giselle Camet finished 15th out of 89 sailors at the European national championships In Spain. 

After her midtenms are over, she will begin 
sailing several times a week. 

But the real difference between winning and 
losingarace, Camet says, is purelypsychological. 

"People who win know how to Isaill with-
out thinking," she says. "You sail for six toeight 
miles, and there can be \0 boats that all have a 
possibility of winning. It comes down to who's 
goingtocrackunderthepressure,andwhoever's 
got the mo t confidence in them&elves." 

Because ailing well depends ' 0 much on 
thecharacterofthe individual sailing courses, 
Camet also suggests that the eventual winner 
will be the first person who understands the 
wind and water at Barcelona. 

"Everyone's gol. .. all the experience:' 
she says. "I\'sjust going to be who figures the 
place out.Il 's a big mental game." 

If Olympic sailing comes down to a battle 
of intuition and sailing experience, there are 
probably few people better suited to the task 
than Camet. Her parents are both champion 
ailors, and her older brother Alex - who is 

also her coach - was a youth world sailing 
champion. 

Camet began sailing when she was seven 
years old, and won a s ilver medal at the 

women 'sjuniornational champion~hips when 
he was 14. I n one major co-ed competition, 

she finished Ihird, becoming the first lVom~n 
in that competition ever to win a mcdal. 

At the ripe old age of20, Camet indicate\ 
that the Barcelona games willlikcly be one of 
her last competitions in thc Europe-clas\ boat 
used in Olympic competition. Only women 
sail in that cla~s of boat in America. and 
Camet wants to be able to train with her 
brothers again. 

"Having my brother.. sail is a big part of 
sailing," she says. " It would be cool to ~laf1 
sailing [the L:t~er-cla~s bouts. which arc U\cJ 
by both men and women I again." 

And there's still an outs ide chance that 
Camet could be in Atlanta for the 1996 game, 
- she says that there may be a co-cd Ll\cr-
class sai ling competition for those games. 

"Most likely, I couldn't qualify for that:' 
Camet said. "But I would be able to tmin with 
my brothers." 

And that seems to be the most impof1ant 
part of Camet's sport- not the 16 years that 
tie her to San ~iego, not the citizen,hip Ihal 
ties her to Argentina, but the love of sailing 
that ties her ro her family . 

STRATFORD 
COFFEE HOUSE 

Open 7am - 5pm ~* 7 Days a Week *: 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court ;i:- Del Mar 

(corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salads 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Gounnet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

• Cappuccino 
• Dani hes 

• Scones 



Mosn.w, APRIL 27, 1992 

Who's Coming to UCSD 
The Starters 

Earvln "Magic" Johnson, Guard 
Height: 6-9 
The SkJMY: Multi-dimensional point 
guard is considered the premier 
playmaker in the history of the game. 
His showman's flair will send 
intemational fans into a tizzy. 
Notorious for taking over when the 

money's on the line - but then. this team is full of 
guys like that. 
The Big Question: What kind of shape will he be in 
following his retirement from the NBA? 

Michael Jordan, Guard 
HeIght: 6-6 
The Skinny: 1984 gold medalist is 
the best player in the world right now, 
bar none. Some would say of all 
time. Unstoppable onEHlrK>ne, he's 
also a former NBA Defensive Player 
ot the Year. Demands the ball in 
crunch time, and more often that not, he comes 
through. 
The BIg Question: Can Brazil hold him to 70? In the 
first half? 

Patrlck Ewing, Center 
HeIght: 7'() 
The Sklmy: The biggest bruiser on 
an imposing, physical front line. He 
will be the primary low-post threat for 
the U.S. Man defense is only 
average, but he'll make up for it with 
his shot-blocking ability. 

The BIg QuestIon: Is there enough room in Spain for 
Ewing, Kart Malo'le and Charles Barkley? 

Kart Malone, Forward 
fIeICht: 6-10 
The Skinny: Runs the floor better 
than any big man in the NBA. The 
thought of a U.S. fast break with 
Malone and Jordan pounding down 
the wings, Magic at the point, and 
Barkley as the trailer has intema-
tional coaches sweating bullets and 
popping Tylenol by the truckload. 
The BIC QuestIon: Can his fragile ego accept playing 
fifth banana on this team of All-Stars? 

Ctautes Barkley, Forward 
HeIght: 6-6 
The SkImy: Chunky, springy forward 
has fallen off slightly this year. When 
on, however, he's a dynamic offerl-
sive player who embarrasses smaller 
men on the boards. One has to 
wonder if he'll criticize this crew in 

the media, as he is prone to do with his Philadelphia 
teammates. 
The BIC QuestIon: How long before Barkley has the 
U.S. State Department apologizing for his behavior? 

The Bench 
ChrIs Mulln, Guafd.Forward 
HefCht; 6-7 
The SkInny: Reported to be salivating 
uncontrollably at the international 
three-point line. Brought aboard 
because of outside shooting prowess, 
but has a surprisingly wel~rounded 
offensive game. 
The lie QuestIon: Really, how much is the U.S. 
going to need his outside game? 

Scottie PIppen, Guafd.Forward 
HeIgtrt:6-7 
The Sklmy: The one player with a 
chance to really burst into the public 
eye. Not as polished as the others, 
but potential for the amazing is 
second only to Jordan. Phenomen~1 
athlete whose basketball skills have 

blossomed in the last two years. 
The BIll QuestIon: Is he ready to run with this crowd? 
JolIn Stockton, Guard 
HeICtIt: &0 
The SIdnny: Quintessential playmaker 
won't score much, but he'll run a 
spectacular floor game. Considering 
his playmates and the competition. 
Barcelona could become a showcase 
for Stockton's sensational passing 
ability. 
The BIC Question: With so many four-star options, 
will he be like the kid in the candy store and go 
insane? 

Larry Bird, Forward 
Height: 6-9 
The SkIMY: Bird hasn't been at the 
top of his game in over four years, 
and realistically there are others who 
deserve his spot. He made the team 
based on reputation - but what a 
reputation it is. He's one of the best 
all·around players the game has ever 

seen, and dynamite with the game in the balance. 
The BIg Question: Can his body hold up for one NBA 
season plus a summer? 

DavId Robinson, Center 
HeIght: 7-1 
The SkInny: RObinson supporters 
would argue that he deserves the 
starting nod over Ewing, and they 
have a strong case. A phenomenal 
shot-blocker, he's also among the 
NBA leaders in steals, scoring and 
rebounds. 
The Big Question: With all of the All-Stars battling for 
playing time, will he get bored and build another TV? 

.1 
The Remaining Spots 
Two spots on the squad have been left open. and 
they are expected to be filled by one pro and one 
collegian. A leading pro candidate is Portland's Clyde 
Drexler. His offensive skills and flashy game make 
him a natural for this group. Mother option is Golden 
State's Tim Hadaway. Shaquille O'Neal was originally 
considered a shoo-in for the collegiate spot. Lately, 
the names of Jim Jackson and Christian laettner 
have been popping up more frequently. Experts are 
enamored with Jackson's solid no frills game, and 
feel he would mesh the easiest with the pros. 

-Peter Ko 
GraphICS by Rene BrucMertGuardan 

l 

IT'S NO MORE 
MISTER NICE 
COUNTRY; THIS 
TIME IT'S AN 
ALL--OUT WAR 

TH!:. UCSD G CARI)lA:-I/SrEcLo\L SrORTS SCrrLf.ME:-T 

Mel Matc:elotGualdiiWl 

By Peter Ko 
Senior Staff Writer 

ueSD'S CONNECTION TO T M 

The first time was umhinkable. The second 
time was unbearable. 

When the U.S. Olympic basketball team lost 
at Munich in '72, it was written off as a historical 
anomaly. The U.S. was playing against destiny 
and a stacked deck, said the 

percent pure unadulterated American pride those 
foreigners were messing with. The call wem out for 
the cavalry, and riding out of the sunset on its red, 
white and blue stallion is the NBA. 

Tired of shuttling young men overseas with 

basketball pundits. Even 
Halley's comet passes 
through town every century 
or so. Plus, those devious 
Russkies cheated. Slowed 
down the clock, planted some 
official in the audience - a 
KGB conspiracy it was. 

In an age of 
post.cold w. 

dreams of gold in their healts and 
Clearasil in their pockets, only to 
watch them be harassed and ha-
rangued by battle-scarred veterans 
of the Olympic basketball arena, 
the USA has dipped intothe world's 
richest talent pool and emerged with 
a squad that is, in a word, awesome. 

But then came Seoul '88. 

relations, the 
U.S. has hauled The roster for America's Barcelona Express reads like a roll 

call for the Hall of Fame in 1999: The pregame hype had the 
U.S. getting revenge by 
throwingaKing Kong-sized 
monkey wrench into the Big 
Red Machine's engine-
works. Wrote Mark Heisler 
of the Los AlI8e1es Times: 

out its nudea' 
arsenal. And ••• 
it had better not 

Magic Johnson, Michael Jordan, 
Larry Bird, Karl Malone, Charles 
Barkley, Patrick Ewing, Scottie 
Pippen, John Stockton, David 
Robinson and Chris Mullin. 

Combined, they have accumu-
lated three NCAA championships. 
three Olympic gold medals. 10 
NBA titles and eight MVP awards. 

"Are the Soviets good 
enough to give the United 
States a game? Is there any-
one who is?" 

Wrong question. The So-
viets didn't just give the 
Americans a game. They ran 

get shot down 
by an AK-47. 

It is, as one observer noted, as 
though the U.S. is going dove hunt-
ing with a bazooka. The Objective 

them right out of Chamshill Gymnasium and 
sen t those pink-cheeked American college kids 
hightailing it back to the land of mother libeny 
with an angry mob of flag-waving patriots hot 
on their Nike air-cushioned heels. 

Once was acceptable - barely. But twice? 
Something had to be done. USA basketball was 
facing a crisis of epic proponions. This was 100 

is not just to defeat the opposition. 
The objective is to obliTeraTe the opposition, leav-
ing a trail of deflated basketballs and charred en-
trails stretched from England to France. The goal is 
to send a message, stamped loud and clear: Basket-
ball is still made in the USA. 

The nature of this squad is such that to win will 
not be enough. This crew is expected to win . and 

- See HOOPS, Page 07 

Why UCSD? Let's Just 
Say Mikey Ukes Golf 

The U.S. Olympic team 
will be practicing in the 
Main Gym - yes, UCSD's 
Main Gym - from June 
21-26. The practices are 
expected to be closed to 
both the public and the 
media. 

Why UCSD? 
Sadly enough, it has 

little to do with UCSD's worlcklass facilities 
or or its extensive background as an Olympic 
training faCility. 

It has to do with Coach Chuck Daly's 
fondness for Southern California weather 
(excuse him, he spends all year in Michigan) 
and the proximity of the campus to Torrey 
Pines Golf Course . 

Daly's fondness for San Diego stems 
from a summer camp visit he made with his 
Pistons a couple of years ago. 

As for the golf course, it is internationally-
reknown as the annual site of the Shearson-
lehman Open. And we all know how fond a 
certain Chicago Bulls star nicknamed "Air· 
with extensive endorsement contracts with 
Coke, Nike, Hanes, Gatorade, Wheaties and 
McDonald's, who originally said that he 
didn't want to be on the Olympic team, is of 
golf. 

For all you UCSD golf team members, 
here's your chance to hustle Michael Jordan 
for a few bucks. Everyone else has. 

-Peter Ko 

" 

OLYMPICS 04/05 

Chuck Daly: Coach 
On the Hot Co" 

The man chosen to 
lead America's band 
of hired guns into 
Barcelona is a slick· 
dressi~ "player's· 
coach who has 
coached in high 
school, college and 
the NBA. In June, 1992, Chld< Daly 
will go international. 

Daly, who has spent near1y 10 
ye~ pilotil'll NBA ballc:lubs, was 
selected from a final ballot ~ich 
included Don Nelson, Larry Brown, 
Lemy Wilkens and Cotton Frtzsim.. 
mons. 

He is reknown throughout the 
league as much for his $1,000 Italian 
suits as he is for guiding Detroit to 
back-to-back titles in 1988-'89 and 

198~'90, while masterfully jugg1i~ a 
veritable zoo of personalities. 

T'M> years ago, Daly was consid-
ered the perfect choice. But the 
Pistons' ignominious fall from grace in 
the past year have caused some to 
wonder if the U.S. might have jl.mped 
the gun. 

It started wittllast year's Eastern 
Conference finals, when the Pistons 
stomped off the floor as the clock 
ticked down. Then, this year, the 
Pistons stumbled badly, Daly's 
juggJirl! act is scattered all OYer the 
hardwood floor, and he's beirC run 
out of town by Piston General Manag-
er Jack McCloskey. 

There is a ~ concem that 
Daly is no Io~ the right - or best 
-man for the job. Some obsef'oters 
belie'.e the U.S. might be better 
serYed by an accomplished tactician 
like Nelson or Brown. 

Part of the Pistons' problems this 
year might be traced to the.ir disap-
pointment that lsiah Thomas, .Joe 
Dumars and Dennis Rodman all failed 
to make the Olympic squad. Daly did 
not have a vote in what players were 
put on the roster, but he was consult· 
ed in the team's make-up. He could 
be a target of resentment amo~ 
Detroit players, which might account 
for the Pistons' lacL<Juster performanc-
es this year. . 

Regardless of the reasons for 
Detroit's fall. Daly is the man on the 
hot seat He is the one who has been 
put in charge of moldi~ 12 of the 
best players in the wor1d into one 
cohesive unit He's clone it before; he 
has two very large chanpionship ri~s 
to prove that Whether he can cIo it 
again'remains to be seen. 

-PeterKo 
Graphic by Aen6 BruduIer'~ 

L Y p c s 

BRUSH WITH 
GREATNESS 
WASN'T ALL 
THAT GREAT 
By James Collier 
Senior Staff Writer 

This year's upcoming visi t by the Olympic bas-
ketball [earn summer isn't the tirst time that Olym-
pians have come [0 San Diego. 

In 1984, the basketball learn practiced at the 
University of San Diego before playing in the 
games in L.A. The neat thing was that I was there-
well, sort of. 

During the summer of '83 my mother, a cook, 
had gotten me a job working in USD's student 
cafeteria It wa~n 't glamorous work, but the money 
I made was the most I ever had at one time. 

Carlos and I were the only high school kids 
workingattheCaf,andduringthesummerof'83we 
had developed a deep bond. 

Before summer vacation, my mother came up to 
me and said: "Guess who's going to be staying at 
USD this summer?" 

"Who?" 
''The U.S. basketball team." 
"What?" 
"Yup." 
"They're gonna stay in the donns and eve/)'-

See BRUSH, Page 08 



060LYMPI TilE UC D G UARDIAN/SPECIAL SrORTS Ur"Lb\II:I'o'f MONDAY, ArlUL 27, 1992 

Cycling as a Form of 

Last year, Dirk Copeland won a national cycling 
chanlpion hip and a silver medal at the Pan Anlerican 
Ganle . What did it get hinlr Another year of tornlent 

By Jason Snell, Senior Staff Wnter Photo Counesy 01 M CopeI~ 
0111< Copeland, shown here ala race in Seattle , will seek an Olympic berth th is June . 

I ()~II"1(j i\NOI YMI'IC('U'IIo.;1 ha. ... alol inc rnlllon 
wilh tol1 un:. 
Ju .. ' a. ... 1.. Dirl.. opelm,u, a TImd ollege wrho-
more who j, wm:l1lly hOJlll1g to be cho-ell ~l'" one 
of the t:yclj'>h the IlIlOO tatc, will '>Clld 10 tim 
y<:ar', ,ulllmer Ol)-IIIPII':' 111 Barcelona. 

TIle J..ey j, Ihal Copeland j, "111 Ju,t "hoping to be cho...cll." 
whcnju ... t about everyolherOlympl · team.lI1duulIlgothel nit~'I.l 
Slales t~all"" , ha, been 1'C,tillg ~U'ld getling prepm'L'<l for Ban:elona 
f( r month .... 

"Mo" couillrie, ...ctthcir :llhlctL'" early," 01 'lam! "':11<1. "But 
U.S, ychng waih ullullhe la ... t IIImulC. 1Il June." 

n June :!3. ahmN c:l.actly onc month 'lore Ihc Olympic 
G:lIllC,hcgm. (I . land will (X.'I.lal ntoa2SO-nlelcr-\\ ItieW(lo<.iell 
vclodl'Olllc tral.:\..111 1,nl1cwla anti hope Ihal hl ... lcgscml pu ... h him 
l:l'lcrlilan :m)' olher AllleriGU'l. nlillh~n. he can 0111) t"UIl. \".111 . 
and \\ofT) . 

I fI~L" ye:\I'\\,;L, Ih 'olymplad.tllel1 opcland "ouldn't ha\ I.' to 
wOIl). lie W:L~ the 1991 national "hampioll III IllC "lIld,vluual 
pUf\uil." in which twocycli,l, be!!1Il tlleirrdce nl opposite~idc"of 
the "clodromc cllt'lc. I f one cycli ... t C;Ul (Xl"-' tl1l: olber. then that 
rideraulomal icaJly win~. 1 f nOI.lh . ridcrwi lh Ih ' f;l"e~tt imealthe 
cnd of four I.. ilolllcter.; wi ns. 

Since hi, vil:tory came ill the year bd rc lhe Olympie g,Ul~. 

COlx l:u,u', rlCxt plmle Ii ·J..ct wm, marked tor II :lvana r.uhcr Ihan 
Ban:elom. 

in!! 10 1111: 1991 P'1Il Amcricml GanlCl> ill Cuba wa., quite a 
jump for~ opcland. who ha. ... only been mcing competitively for 
four )1.'<11' •. 

" I \~~l"'JU~1 riding I ·ally.mm lhen Ia.\l year I wemtonationab," 
he ,aid. " It \Va., a ,urpri...c to me mld ju,t about e\erybody." 

Even mOl'e ~urvri,ing than going 10 w,u v. inning Ihe national 
compelition \Y,l, til1i ... hing '<."\.'Ond in Cuba. 

"I enjoy cycling. but . IllClinle' the pres. ... urc of competilion 
get~ me n:aJ J wn." Copelmld ~lio. "I just get re;llly nervou~-
• llttle PanAlm.thcrewerc 10. )1L'opleinthm!>Iaoium.,mdtllere 
\\:1., IOl, of pre,-,ul'C:' 

SlIll.lllC individual pur.uit competition involve~ fourdifTerelll 
1;11.:1.'\. and opel'Uld m,ulaged to win hi~ fiN mcc despite Ihe 
nervou,nc,-,. A fter thaI. he ~iJ. he rcgainL~1 hi ... c mpo ... ure ,uld 
m<\Ilagcd 10 tal..e a "her medal. 

But h,t year' ,aL·comph ... hl1lCnt ... arcn'l good enough to get him 
.1 place in B;u'l:elol14I- llOt as the illdividu:l1 pU I'!ouit rider. and not 
a., a mcmber or,he "tearn pUl'!ouiC ~uad. 1lle temll pur.;uit event 

i~ ~il1l il ar t IIldivldu,11 pur.;uit. except lhat four cyclists ride for 
each time and tmde off as le:KI rider. 

It's not ju ... t tIle waiting that makes becoming a .S. Olympi 
cyc1i~t a tonuous act. It's also the prepamtion. Five days ago. 

Copeland returned from ;I month.of cycling in Belgium :uld 
nonhem Fr.mce. r.JCing IOOmil~eachday. He 'lI ~pendafewdays 

re~t i ng before gcaring up for Minnc...ola. 
Copeland's year before the FrJllce/Belgium tour wa., ahl1O'>l 
~ inlerlSe. HisaverJge trai ning >.Ch~'I.lule incluoed runni ng. nlOun-
tain biking. ~wimming and \wight-li ft ing - each three di fferent 
limes C<lch wee\... In addition. he'd throw in a 70-mile ride n a 
weekend. 

Furthennore. Copelmltl w~ ~lill a UC 0 studeill. tllOugh he 
t k Winter and Spring Quaner.. olf to train for Barcelona. 

After his ~tudie, wen! over in December. Copeland went t 
Colorado for a cross-country ~jJ cmnp ~ponsored by [he U.S . 
Cycling Federation. TIlen from miti-Jmlum)' to mid-February. he 
rode to 5 mi les each week. 

TIle exc ruciating tmining regimen wa.~ broken in FebruaI)' by 
a trip to a wind tunrlCl in Tex;L,. which tumed ut to be more lor 
publici ty th.\Il for training. 

"We were ~upposed to go to Texas forwind-Iunncllesting. bUI 
it W:L~ political" .. We were talking to reporten;," lle said. 

After Texas, it wa.~ back on the bike. and another 450 to 500 
miles of riding each week at a month-long training Cmllp. In 
:Iddition. the riden; at the trJining camp would race on weekends. 

And afteraillhalo it was time forthetripto Belgiumand Fmnce. 
See TORTURE, Page 08 

TEAMWORK HAS ITS OWN REWARDS 
Just ask the UCSD Earth Day Festival team. Winner of the 1991 
Saturn Award at UniversitY of California, San Diego. 
Passion. Commitment And this team of campus organizations 
made 8 difference. Organizing a festival that attracted nearly 
4,000 visitors, Providing information booths. Featuring guest 
speakers addressing environmental concerns. 
At Saturn, we know the value of teamwork. It was the driving 
force behind America's newest automobile company in more than 
40 years. And resulted in a new way of making cars. 
That's why we want to reward a student team in 1992 for its 
outstanding accomplishments. We're looking for the most out-
standing jointly-sponsored campus program by two or more 
(egistered student organizations. 
The campus winning team will: 
• Receive Sl,ooo at a Saturn-hosted reception 
• Become eligible for the $5,000 national 8Mf1I pr.ll1IIt8d 

at Saturn 
T .amwork has its own rewards. Go ahead. Just ...... Earth 
Day Festival team. 
And over 5,000 Saturn team members in Spring Hill, T ennasee. 

MONDAY, ArRJL 27, 1992 

HOOPS 
Continued from paCe 04/05 
win big. Anything less will beconsid-
ered a disappoinonenL And shame on 
the person who even thinks of losing. 
When asked if it was a possibility. 
U.S. Head Coach OlUck Daly re-
sponded, "Well. let me put it this way. 
No." 

In an age of post-Cold War rela-
tions,theU.S.hashauledoutitsnuclear 
arsenal. And. say those fidgety about 
America's role in the game it invented, 
it had bener not get shot clown by an 
AK-47. An upset would send morale 
intheU.S.spiraJingbacktothedaysof 
theGreat Depression-at least among 
those who care. 
LoIIIC Is nat aut fJlthe III ...... 

Thi is not to say that the U.S. is 
incapableoflosing. or th:u no one else 
in the world is capable of competing 
with the U.S. The physical condition 
of the American player.;, their famil-
iarity with each other in a team envi-
ronment and the cooching staff are all 
in question. Fwthennore, the compe-
tition, despite recent wond events, is 
not as paltry as il might seem. 

Perhaps the most prominent. and 
legitimate, concem urrounding the 
U.S. squad is the conditioning of the 
players. 

All but one will becoming off a full 
NBA season, :IS well :IS an extensive 
playoff run. And the one who won' t 
- Johnson - will not have played a 
game with any meaning in nearly nine 
months by the time qualifying for 
Barcelona rolls around in late June. 

There is also some concern about 
the familiarity of the ream. When he 
W:lS named to the top post, Daly said 
that he W:lS planning to have only 12 
days of practice before the Olympics. 

Aside from a few A11--Srarcontests 

$30 Deposit Required 

THE UCSD G UAIU)tAN/St'ECIAL SroRTS SUI'ru~1Em LYMP[CS 0 7 

- and a summer charity match or two, 
only Jordan and Pippen have ever 
competed on the '\I1le ide. And like 
it or not. basketball is still very much 
a game involving five men working 
together. 

History is full of eXcepliooally tal-
ented teams that have crashed miser-
ably in a glory-less blaze. Witness the 
Georgetown squad of 1983, the U.S. 
Olympicsquadofl9 8andtheUNLV 
Rtmnin' Rebels of 1991 . 

RnalIy, there is someconcem aboul 
the coaching staff itself. specifically 
Daly (see story. page 0415). 

For all of the concems, however, 
all supponer.; of the U.S. squad have 10 
do is point to the roster and start recit-
ing, "Jordan, Magic, Ewing, Malone, 
Barkley, Robinson, Bird .. ." and any 
womes fudequietly into the distance. 
1hI 0pp0IitI0I1 

While most of the hubbub has been 
about the U.S. and its posse of NBA 
studs, linle has been said :Ibout [he 
NBA taIwarts who arc expected to 
compete for the likes of Yugoslavia 
and Lithuania. One of the main rea-
sons the Federation of InlemationaJ 

B~ketbaJl (RBA) Congress voted in 
198955-13 to allow NBA player.; into 
the Olympics was to allow lop foreign 
player.; who h:KImigrated to capital ist 
America for the NBA and its six-
figure checks, to return and compete 
for their native counny. 

1lle move had less 10 do with 
improving the quality of those tearns 
than trying to maintain their level of 
perfonnance. 

Of course, they had no way of 
knowing that by the timethe '92 games 
in Barcelona rolled around, Yugosla-
via and the Soviet Union would be 
experiencing a severe identity crisis, 
and that, in the case of the USSR, it 
wouldn't be one Big Red Machine. 

but several Little Red MachirlCs. 
In any event. lhe toughest Conlpe--

tition for the U.S. - or what there 
mightbeofit - will more than likely 
come from Lithuania and a Yugosla-
vian team which will include Serbs 
:111(\ Slovenians, but nOl Croatians. 

Lithuanians dominated the 1988 
Soviet gold medaJ-wiMing team, and 
the bulk of them arc expected to play 
fortheLithuaniansquadinBarcelona. 
Leading the way will be two fonner 
Soviet national tearn star.; who have 
spent the past two years in advanced 
training with the NBA - Golden 
State Warriors guard Sarunas 
Marciuloni and Atlam3 Hawks for-
ward Alexander Volkov. 

Marciuloni , a leading candidate 
for the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year 
award, was considered the Soviets' 
best player in 1988. bUI he is nowhere 
near the player he W:lS tben. 

He's better. 
The 6-5 off-guard i a master at 

driving and dmwing fouls, and his 
jump shot, besl from aOOut21 feet and 
in, i tailor-made for the international 
20-6 three-point lirlC. 

Volkov hasn't had the impact of 
his countryman on the U.S .. and he' s 
essentially a limited role player. But 
he has had extensive pracliceoverthe 
p3Styearbumpingandbruising inside 
with the best of the NBA's beef, and 
that exposure can't hurt. 

Perhaps Ihe most inleresting 
Lithuanian addition, however, might 
be Arvid:lS Sabonis, international 
basketball's reigning enigma and a 
fonner first-round draft pick of the 
Ponland Tr.til Blazer.;. 

For the better pan of the late' 80s, 
Sabonis sported the manlle of the 
world'sbestamateurplayer- mainly 
because he's 7-3, 270 Ibs., and enjoys 
a penchant for length--of-the-coun 

underhand passeS. Hissuppol1cr.;h:lve 
compared him to Bill Walton; his 
detm lOr.; Ihink Blair Rasmu sen 
would be a more apt description. 

For all of its talent , however, 
Lithuania might be at a disadvwltage 
from the momenl the starter's gun 
goes off. 

The backborlC of past Soviet 113-
lionaitcarns has always been the fra-
ternal-like f.ulliliarity shared by lhe 
player.;. But at this point, Marciulonis 
and Volkov would probably work 
bener with Mullin and Kevin Willis 
than !hey would with Sabonis & Co. 

Like the fomler Soviet Union. the 
other leading contender for the gold, 
Yugoslavia, h:lS been undOrlC by p0-
litical tunnoil. 

However, unlike the break-up of 
the Soviet Union, the effect~ of lhe 
Yugoslav civil war are much more 
likely to be felt inlheOlympic basket-
ball arena. 

A unified Yugoslavia could h:lve 
sent to Barcelona an imposing squad 
Ihat would have included Los Angeles 
Laker.; cemer Vlade Divac, New Jer-
sey Nets guard Drazen Petrovic (who 
lit up the Cavaliers for 40 points in a 
flr.;t-round playoff g:lllle Friday), 6-
10 forward Toni Kukoc - who cre-
atedan uproar in Chicago on the scale 
of the 1968 Democmtic Convenlion 
when Bulls managelllCllt anempled to 
sign him a[ the cost of losing other 
players - and DillO Rad ja. a forward 
who almost signed with the Boston 
Celtics. 

1lle laller three, however, are un-
likely to see action in Barcelona. All 
three are Croatian, and Croatian play-
er.;. to this point, have refused 10 play 
on a fedent! team. 

111a1 leaves the 6-1 I Divac,aSerb. 
And while Divac has become SOIllC-
thing of a celebrity in the U.S .. he is 

still learning the NBA gwne and will 
haveahardlinlenlalChinguptoEwing, 
Robinson, Malone, Barldey,etal. wi lh-
out Janles Woi1hy or Smn Perkin!. at 
hisside. ThelikelihoodofDivoc rally-
inghisconsidembly less-talenled team-
males to gold, like Magic JohfLw n in 
game six of the 1980 NBA fimls 
against Philadelphia, i ~ slim. 

Still, wein:lerthings have happened. 
Wh!It's next? 

Quite simply, the U.S. has accu-
mulmed the finest colleclion of talenl 
the basketball world has ever !.cen. 
Whelher it's enough to restore 
Anlerica's wounded pride will be de-
termined in Barcelona. 

Most 0 servers have already 
h:Ulded Americans the gold - and 
would like to hand them the silver and 
bronze as well. Still, there are linger-
ingquestions:Will1 2daysofpmctice 
be enough? Will the U.S, be WOIll 
down? [s Chuck Daly up to the Iask'! 
Does he matter? 

One thing is for certilin. 1lle U.S. 
has used its last bullel. If Ihis group 
fails. America' s out of ammo. 

BARCB.ONA '92 
Supplemem Swff 

EDITDIS 
Peter Ko, Jason nel l 

II£SICIIO 
James Collier 

1U.US1IA1IBS 
Rene Bruckner 
Mel Marcelo 

PllIITIIIIAPIII 
Dan McDowell 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE.' 

There's nothing likc Legend nnd 
Lady Legend! The most uni(jue 

collegc rings ever designcd-
only avnilab1c from ArtCnrved. 
This popular professionallouk 

offcrs more ways 10 pcrson-
IIIIIP.~~~ alize your college ring. 

Don't dclay- visit your 
"rtCarved represen-

tative during this 
specia l sn1cs event 
to see Legcnd nnd 
the many othcr 
styles nvailable. 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court II NOBODY · KNOWS · LIICE · ' .DOMINO'S J-b.v You ~ Pizza Allbme. 

Hours: 

Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sa t. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

KILLER DEAL! • "2 + CHEESE PLEASE" FEAST! 
LATE NIGlIT SPECIAL! 

$1299PI~"' 
2 MEDIUM PIZZAS 

WITH 2 TOPPINGS & 
A SIX·PACK OF COKE® 

$8~~ $4~"~, 
ONE MEDIUM 2nd PIZZA 

Ch~ 2 of your fa\'onl~ lOpping, on a m~(hum 
pi1.z.1. C<>t .nolher mrolum 2·loppmg plZLl for 
ONt y 54.00 1'10.", mc-nhon off~r when ordenns 
o.Uvery or C1n)'oul. 

LII SI I 
f-H )C He. ' .. 1 ( ,J-.l f ;UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~~4 GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 -7106 

OPEN: MON - FRI SAM· 6PM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

Delivery or Carryout Please mention offer 
when ordering. Good afl~r9:00 p.m. only. 

CAll US! 4S2-UCSD CAll US! 4S2-UCSD 



08 OLYMPI THE UCSD G ARnlAN/SI'EC1AL SPORTS SUI'I'LEME. r Mo. DAY, APRIL 27, 1992 

TORTURE 
ContInued from page 06 
and now his briefbreak before Minne-
sota and, hopefully. Barcel na. 

In some way . the tortuOUS way of 
pi king cycli IS for the team mirrors 
the way winners are chosen in the 
pursuit events themselves. The pur-
·uit.! aresimilarto tournaments. in that 
eachracepits twocycl ist againsteach 
other - if one racer can cat h up and 
pass the other, thaI person advances to 
the next round. 

But unlike a toumament., the over-
all winners of each round are deter-
mined by time - 16 riders mce in the 
moming. and then the riders with the 
top eight times are pitted against each 
ther In the next round that evening. 

The very next moming. the top four 
meers square off, with the two urvi-
vors clashing thaI night. After four -
yes. IOrfLIO/lS - rae in two days, a 
wmner emerges. 

Copeland fi gures he's got a good 
chanceofwinning the individual pur-
SUit competiti n in Minnesota. and an 
even better chance of being chosen by 
Team Pursuit Coach Cmig Griffin to 

one of the four riders in that squad. 
"'The competition [in individual 
pursui(l~ stepped upalot thi loyear." 
he said. indicating that many road 

racers are trying to make the move to 
the velodrome. 

The team pursuitcompetit ion, how-
ever. i quite different from Individual 
pun;uit, and the criteria for picking 
tearn members involve more than the 
sheer peedfactorthatg intochoos-
ing the individual rid r. 

In the team pursuit. each ridertakes 
turns in the lead, actingasa windbreak 
for the other three riders. Afterone lap, 

BRUSH 
ContInued from page 04/05 
thing?" 

Then my mom told me Carlos was 
going to be the ball boy while the team 
practicedatUSD.·'How·dhegetthat?" 

"Because he's catholic. he knows 
a good number of the pri IS at the 
university, and one of them offered 
him the job.'Now I was bom and 
mised a Baptist. but 1 would've con-
vened to catholicism at the drop of a 
dime to have been in Carlos' position. 
The ro ketball team came into our 
cafeteria for breakfast. nfonunately. 
I worked in the evenings, when they 
went to a more di 'reet dining hall. 
My mom actually got to meet the 
players.butldidn'LCariosstill w rked 
at the cafeteria in the evenings. and I 

()PEN 24 H()URS 

We copy all night 
For most of us, there just aren 't enough 
hours in a 9 to 5 day. We know that 
there are rime when you '/I find ourself 
working around the clock to get an impor-
tant project completed on time. And that 's 
why we're open -4 hour a day ... every 
day. So no matter when you need a 
helping hand and a friendly 
face, you II find them at 
Kinko's. 

483·1842 kinl.D~. 
Pacilic Beach n. 

457·3775 
La Jolla 
8849 Villa La 10lla Dr. I 34 Gamet Ave. the copy center 

[ VISA I ~ • 10 Locations in San Diego County 

Stuffy IRunny Nose? 
We are currently evaluating new allergy medications for 

sneezing, post-nasal drip, stuffy/runny nose 
and itchy nose/eyes. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers, ages 6-60, are needed to evaluate new 

medications for wheezing, coughing, and chest 
tightness. Patients need to be taking asthma 

medications regularly and have no other major 
health problems. Qualified participants will be 

paid for their participation. 

for more detAils all 292-1144 
And uk for Bart. 

Allergy & Asthma Medical Group 
& Research Center, A.P.C. 

3444 KEARNY VILLA ROAD, SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92123 

the lead rider will wing high up onto 
the42-degree inclined velodrome ur-
face, allow the three other nders to 
pass in front of him, and then drop 
down behind them. 

"It's a really technical event." 
Copeland said. "Each exchange has to 
be perfect. .. One mistake can 
fatal. r ve got a pretty good hol. but it 
!lti II comes down to whether 1 ride wei I 
or not:' 

alway. quizzed him about basketball 
players. 

"00 they talk to you at all?" 
"I all do is give them balls and 

towels. James ... " 
"But do they know you exisf?" 
"When I give 'em a towel they say 

thank!. but most of the time they 
ignore me." 

"Does Bobby Knight yell a lot?" 
"Not really ... well kinda. .. " 
"Dude. you are totally lucky .. :' 

cou pie days before the tearn was 
going leave USD. Carlos approached 
me all miles. "James. can I howyou 

mething?" 
Carl took me to his locker and a 

pulled out a basketball. It had to have 
had a million of aUlogmphs on it." II 
the guys on the team gave it to me." he 
said. 

TIle team pursuit coach will make 
hi decisions about which riders to 
take to Barcelona two day after the 
Minnesota competitions conclude. 

Whetherorll()( Copeland makes it 
to the Olympi as an individual or 
team rider, or both, he'lI likely be in 
Barcelona anyway, withaposilionon 
theU.S.cycJingteam· supportsquad. 

If the months of exenion payoff 
with a victory in Minnesoca.. Copeland 

.. Wow ... " I said while looking at all 
of the names: Patrick Ewing. Michael 
Jordan, Chris Mullin. Wayman 
Tisdale, etc. "I'd give anything to get 
their autographs," I said. "Could you 
sneak me into the gym?" 

With a little armtwisting Carlos 
promised 10 neak me into the last 
practice and help me get autographs. 

Needless to say ,I was tOOllly stoked 
I was telling everybody what Carlos 
was going to do for me, and how cool 
he was about it. Everyone at work was 
excited Everyone in my family was 
excited In fact. my uncle gave me two 
new ba.'>ketball to get autographed: 
one for me and one for him. 

The next day I walked to the gym 
to go get my autographs, when my 
heart tarled bearing fast. 1 tarled 
shaking allover. Then 1 was wearing. 

, 

will have the rnemoriesof a summer in 
Spain to offset his tonlJOlC path in 
getting there. 

And if he doe n't make it to 
Barcelona as a competitor. Copeland 
can still call himself a winner. It 
may only be a Pan Am silver medal. 
but the difference between that an 
an Olympic medal may only be 65 
day worth of bike-riding . . . and 
torture. 

Then I tarled feeling nauseous. The 
closer I got to the gym. the icker I got. 
And when 1 saw Carlos waiting for 
me. all I wanted to do was run. And run 
1 did. Laler that day, everyone was 
asking me if they could see my basket-
ball. and I had to tell them that I didn't 
get them. 

"Why not?" 
"1 forgoc." 
I know it was a pretty lame excuse. 

but I wasn 'tgoingtolell them [was too 
scared. Anyway. when my mom a.'iked 
me why I didn . t get the autogmphs. I 
just shrugged my shoulders. I think 
she understood, because . he let it pa~s 
without saying too much. "You know. 
the lri h team is going to be staying 
hereforthenextcoupleofweeks."she 
said. trying to cheer me up. ll1ere 
wasn't a seven-footer among ·em. 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAT. 
This checklist will help you 
answer all of them. 

I&A' Kaplan makes test prep convenient. L!:J With 150 centers, and thousands of clas schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 
when and where you need us to be there. 
~ Kaplan helps you manage your time. L!:J Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 

on, before they hurt your performance. 
~ Kaplan offers the best value. L!:J Our courses are comp titively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped 

more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
~ Kaplan is the industry leader. L!:J 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources 

it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

c t992 Stanley H. Kaplan Educational Center Ltd. 

GIVE US TIME TO REPAY 
YOUR LOAN. 

Nter just three years in 
the Anny, your college loan 
could be a thing of the past. 

Under the Army's Loan 
Repayment program, each 
year you serve on active duty 
reduces your indebtedness by 
one-third or $1,500, whichever 
amount is greater. 

This offer applies to 
Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans and certain other federally 
insured loans which are not in default. 

And this is just the first of many benefits the Army 
will give you. Get the whole story from your Anny 
Recruiter. . 

Kearny Mesa 
Recruiting Station 

569·7878 
ARMY. • ALL YOU CAM BE. 


