
OPINION 

Justice for All 
Itwasa~ing 

situarion this past monIb in 
San Diego rrwnicipal coon. 
The mythical wheels of 
justice continue to cum 
slowly in me trial d 
Cleophus Prince, Jr. With 
largely circwnstantial 
evidence apinIr Prince, it's 
far too early to feU whether 
he's piIty or innocent. 
Either Prince is die aIJe8ed 

~KiUer."arbe 
is an inaocena man placed 
in a very pRCIrious 
siIuaIion I P": 4 

HiATUS 

TllJRSOAY 
April 2, 1992 
Vol. 76, No.2 

UCIChancelIorRumoredtoBe NextUC President 
• Surprise candidate known for emphasizing 
student input, supporting affmnative action 
By Sheryl Wolcott choices. UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Associate News Editor Atkinson and UCLA Chancellor 

Unnamed source close to the Charle Young, 0 in tead cho e 
UC presidential selection commit- Peltason as a "compromise:' 
tee have leaked infonnation that UC The unofficial announcement 
IrvineChancellorJack Peltason will caused shock around the UC ys-
be nominated to succeed outgoing tern, both because Peltason has not 
UC President David Gardner. been speculated to be top consider-

According to an article in at ion fort he post, and because in for-
yesterday' San DieRo Un;oll-Tri- mation about the nomination has 
bUlle, the seven members of the been clo ely guarded by election 
committee found themselves dead- committee members throughout the 
locked between their two top process. Peltason.6 ,hasbeenchan-

cellor of UCI since 1984 . 
Officials at the Office of the UC 

President refused to confirm 
Peltason's nomination. saying only 
that a nomination ceremony is 
planned for Friday. Following an 
official nomination announcement. 
the Board of Regents will vote on 
the nominee. 

Neither Peltason nor Atkinson 
would comment on the reported 
nomination. 

Steven Schmidt. the Uniol/-Tri-
Imlle reporter who broke the story, 
refused to reveal hi sources. but 
said yesterday that the newspaper 

Supreme Court to 
Decide on Fee Use 

Under Wraps 

• Berkeley students appeal state law to 
disallow use of fees for partisan organization 
By Francisco Devries 
Staff Writer 

University funding of political organizations and spe-
cial interest groups may become a thing of the past if the 
California State Supreme Court decides in favor of a 
group of UC Berkeley alumni who oppose mandatory 
university fees supporting such groups. 

llle students' complaint challenging California state 
law centers on their opposition to their fees supporting 
tudent organizations which take a political or ocial 

stance that they do not want to suppon. If the coun rules 
in favor of the appellants, organizations such as UCSD's 
Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Association (LGBA) and 
campus-level groups such as Amnesty International could 
be in jeopardy of losing their university funding. 

See APPEAL, Page 8 

Gardner Wams Cuts 
Could 'Destroy' UC 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Associate News Editor 

Following indications that the University of 
California's state funding will continue to dimini h, UC 
President David Gardner told state Director of Finance 
11lomas Hayes Monday that the UC cannot withstand 
further budget reductions without seriously compromis-
ing quality. 

"I wish to make it as clear as the English language 
pennits that if left unchecked this reality will de troy 
California's world-renowned Master Plan for Higher 
Education," Gardner wrote a the letter to Hayes. 

stands by the validity of the article. 
and that he gave the university sev-
eral chances to confirm or deny the 
information, but officials would not 
comment. 

University of California Student 
As ociation (UCSA) Vice Presi-
dent John Edson suggested that 
Peltason was picked becau!.e ~ome 
members of the selection commit-
tee would not endorse Atkinson or 
Young. 

" His !lame was never touted up 
there as one of the top choice~. 
There was enough negative rc-

See PRESIDENT, Page 3 

In his letter, Gardner stated that 85 percent of the 
current state budget is dedicated to protected programs 
such as prisons, with the remaining 15 percent directed 

See BUDGET, Page 8 

The Stuart Collection Sun God has been covered with plastiC and scaffolding since 
spring break. The artwork is being refurbished. 

Applicants for A.S. positions prepare for the year ahead as they listen 
to the election committee's explanation of the election process. 

A.S. Hopefuls File for 
Section, BeglnCampaigtlS 
By Joanne Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

In a race that is expected to focu on 
issues of change, unity and student 
empowennent, the UCSD Associated 
Students has announced the j 99 2 AS. 
election candidates. 

At a meeting Monday, the candi-
dates met with Elections Manager Jen-
nifer Aaim and the election commit-
tee to review campaign rules and pro-
cedure . 

Candidates also were addre sed by 
AS. President Agust(n Orozco, who 
was pleased at the turnout and enthusi-
asm of the candida te . "I see a big 

increase in what students can do and 
have done. I hope you take the elec-
tions seriously and be professional 
as candidates," he told them. 

The race for president offers both 
new faces and experienced A.S. 
members. 1lIe four candidates for 
the position include a fonner A.S. 
Vice President Administrative and 
cUlTent Student Affinnative Action 
Committee Representative to the 
AS. Ruben Duran. Duran is run-
ning on the Student Movement Ini-
tiating Leadership and Empower-
ment (SMJLE) late. 

See ELECTIONS, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
8eIkeIey Students RIot, Loot After 
BeIng Tumed Away from a Party 

BERKELEY -An angry mobofpany-goers turned to 
looting in Berkeley last month. shattering SIOI'dront win-
dows, snatching merchandise and firing gunsbots in the 
tense night air on the edge of the UC Berkeley campus. 

Dozens of people rampaged through the screets. and a 
crowd of more than 400 onIookcrs gadlered as Berkeley 
police attempted to quell the riOl. 

Police anested five people on counts of rioting, resist-
ing arrest and possession of stolen property. Amid the 
violent outbreak, three people were injured in fights. 

According to Berkeley police, the riot broke out when 
200 to 300 people were tumed away from a dance in UCB's 
Pauley Ballroom following the campus' fifth annual MStep 
Show" - an event which attracts membcni of African-
American fraternities and sororities from Nonhem Cali-
fornia college campuses. 

The mob regrouped and took to the streets shortly after 
police escorted them off campus. Police barricaded the 
intersection of Telegraph Avenue and Bancroft Way for 
four hours in an attempt to disperse the rioters. AI another 
barricade set up at Telegraph Avenue and Channing Way, 
police were pelted by rocks and bottles. 

According to Berkeley police, the events transpired so 
quickly that police had no time to organize themselves. 

According to Scott Hart, president of Alpha Phi Alpha, 
the fraternity that sponsored the dance, the riot was caused 
by uninvited (ucients who anenlpted to crash the dance. 
Hart was disgusted with the looting and hoped that people 
would not associate the riot with future African-American 
fraternities' events. 

- Sarah Allen, n. CIIIIIomIII AII/Ife 
Davis Band Charged with Sexual 
Harassment; VIctIm May Win Cash 

DA VIS - Sexual harassment charges against the Cal 
Aggie Marching Band have already landed the spirited 
group on administrative probation and may lead to a cash 
award for the alleged victim. 

The UCSD Guardian 

In a decision handed dOwn last month, the U.S. Supreme 
Coun ruled lhatstudent victims of sexual harassment. abuse or 
assault in public schools are enlided to monetary compc:nq-
tion. 

As a reo( the ruling. UC Davis SIUdenl Julie Graham may 
soon be coIIec;ting cash from the university. Graham filed a 
complaint with the univcnity after Student Band DUcctor 
Andy Austin allegedly harassed her after a baoiketbaJl game in 
a verbal assault that included the words "birch, .. "fucking 
bitch." "chick." "cunt." "fucking cunt," "whore" and "slut." 

AustindeniedmostofGntham'sallegations,acknowledging 
only that he "jokingly called her acuoL" 

.. It was a conversation I would have with my mom," Atdtin 
said. 

Many Aggie band members attribute Graham's motives to 
malice, not justice. Marching Band GeneraJ Manager Steve 
Garcia acknowledged that Graham's complaint is valid, but 
said she is "out to hun a lot of people." 

Graham suggested the band be suspended from campus 
until campus administnl10rs can ensure that checks on the 
organization will prevent such incidents from recurring. 

- SUNnnIIh PeeIdn, n. CIAmI.I AaIe 

NEWS IN GRIEr 
EconomIst to I.ecbn on the U.s .... 
TbeGIobal Marketplace lbIsAttemoon 

Economic columnist Roben Kuttner will give a free public 
leclure tilled "What is the Nationalln&erest?The United States 
and the Global Economy" today at 4 p.m. in the Cognitive 
Science Building, Room 003. 

Kuttner's columns appear in Business Week, The New 
Republic and IheBOSTon Globe. In addition, he is the author of 
several books. including The EndoJLAissez-Faire. which deals 
with the politics of global economic interdependence. 

A national staff wriler for The WashingtonPosr, he has been 
a chief investigator for the U.S. Senate Committee on Bank-
ing, Housing and Urban Affairs as well as executive director 
for President Carter's National Commission on Neighbor-
hoods. 

A prolific writer and lecturer, Kunner's work appears 
frequently in a variety of publications, including theAtlantic 
Monthly, Han'ard Business Review, New York Times Book 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Friday, 
Saturday, iV1d Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

.. " (Feet) 
3-5 

PeIIod 
(Seconds) 
13 

Average temper-
atures for ... /air are: 

67/72 
Surfin~ 
Condit Tons: 
FAIR 

Tbursday, April 2, 1992 

Review and Dissefll magazine, He also serves as co-editor 
of The American Prospect. a quarterly joumaI of politics 
and policy. 

In 8ddition to the public lecture. he will meet with 
fa:ulty and students. and will give a talk to the UCSD 
F..c:Clnomics Roundlable. 

~,_.28: 
1:59 am.: A 31-year~1d non-afIiliate was arrested 
for possession of less than an ounce of matijuana 
at CaI¥>nview and Voigt Drive. 
FttdIIr, -. 27: 
2:30 p.m.: A 3().year~ld student was arrested for 
an expired auto registration and public nudity. The 
suspect. was cited and released. 
SIIIurd8y, Mar. 28: 
9:15 a.m.: A student reported the theft of an '83 
Mazda from lot 208. The vehicle was recovered by 
the San Diego Sheriffs Office. . 
9:20 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of an 
'83 Toyota Corolla from Miramar Road. loss: 
$2.600, 
10:11 p.m.: The San Diego Police Department 
recovered the stolen '83 Toyota Corolla. 
Sunday, Mar. 29: 
5:10 a.m.: Campus police responded to a burglar 
alarm at the Price Center Projection Booth. The 
alarm was determined to have been caused by 
helium balloons. 
1:55 p.m.: A noo-affiliate reported the theft of an 
'87 BMW 325 from lot 101. loss: $20,000. 
MaRday, M •• 30: 
1:35 a.m.: A female student at the Rfth dormito-
ties reported receiving numerous obscene and 
threatening phone calls between midnight and 1:30 
a.m. 
5:05 p.m.: A student reported a male exposing 
himself on the Black's Beach access road. 
9:45 p.m.: An '86 WJ Jetta was reported stolen 
from lot 601. loss: $5,000. 

GuXKnIAN 
JASON SNBl., EIIttIIIn ChIllI 
PEIER KO, Maaclw EIIIIDt 
lEN BOYCHUK, 0ptIIan EdIIDt 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, ~~ HlaIus EdIIDt 
.JAMES COWER, D8I4In EdIIDt 

L~ FRANEY, Copy fWor 
JOSEPH GARCIA, """. EIIttII 
MARY BETTY lEARD, NNs ElM« 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, ~~ Copy EdItDt 
SUE MAPES, A.-c ... PItt1ID EdItor 
MB.. MARCELO, GlBJII*s EdItDt 
DAN MCOOWEU. PboIo EtIIDt 
PHIJP MICHAELS, A..c:Iate 0pH0n EIIIIDt 
KEN PERLMAN, SporD EdItDt 
ANGELA ROVA, SpecCac. EdItDt 
ERIC SCHMIDI', A.odaCe,.,.. &Itot 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, ~c ... N8In EtM.ot 
WILEEN WONG, ~ ...... ,."",. EIIb 
GREGG WRENN, ~ ... SporD &IIor 
_ .... -= Sty ... ~. Jenny GIl .... _ H_. Joon 
Odinlz. M_ Rcbinoon.ClwilfleVOor. 1Irett Rhyne. _ Sdrw_. p.,. 
1IiIIIap-
__ Dobra Bronstein. S"""*" DII1bd. __ DanIhae. Bon 
Eilin. 0 .. _. 1'.1_ H~. 0 ... _. 5coCt 0NrncMD. Suame 
PIwl. Suurre """' .... T,..,I .......... JolIn Rice. 118,. Soul. o..Id s.-. Tid 
_ . JolIn SwMnoy 
........ ........., Chris RIC/1Ief 
_AonCodU. IIoII<IWo.CerlnLew. \.eWlAnne~.1..iII 
-.ey. AdriIno MuIIoz. ~ NakIiIn>a. K8ty Roe. "'-~ 
PI ........... _ ~. Soul ~. ,.,. "......,.. Chuck ...,... 
___ II ..... Nr"J ZIot 
o..,-'-"MldlelleO>iq._~. __ . .lHlieScwtreor ___ H_ ... 
BOB DeANDREA, a..-......., 
MICHAEl. FOIUS, AdWttWW....., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, ~ Dee.-
E. LBGH HEMIY, C' IFMIId Rlpru. ,,.,,.. 
-....11, ' "-i~liIII __ 

-....--~.--~ Joe Leo. s--SIwr 
Jllttal_.,..,.........,. ... """"" ...... _,..., ........ 

_oIUCSO' ___ oI._~ ............ ~_.~ __ _ 
... .-.OItl!. ...... _JlltIaD_ .... __ ..... _oI 
__ .... JIIt_ ..... _ ............ _._ ... 
--" _ .. _ 01 JlltICSO _ .. ~ oICIIIInL .... _ 
-.Jllttal_. __ .,-.. .. ..,III ..... fIf.lIiI_ 
EcIteMI: UWUO, ..... __ U4-34M, '0: ~78ft 
UCSD GuanIan, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
__ : __ . UCID __ ..... • .. • 

Thursday, April 1, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

WEDNESDAY 'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

·Wlkol Reslcns From North Campus Plannl., Commllt~: In 3 leller Vice· President 
AdministJ'lllive Mike Holmes read to the A.S. CouncillilSt night. Paul Wilcox resigned from the 
North Campus Planning Cornmiuee due to conflicts in SCheduling. Wilco~ said tMtthe commiuee 
mel only twice and lhen only al connictingand inopponune times. Holmes said thatlhe imponance 
ofundergradwUe represenl3tive 10 campu commiuetS is too gre3tl0 let administrators lea"e them 
out. 

.Propo5td Studrnl Survr)' To Determine Summer School Coursrs: Victor Nicblas. the 
Siudent Affirmative Action Commiltee representalive to the Registr.ltion Fee Committee. proposed 
a plan to inctude a survey question in the ASUCSD election ballots that woutd ask students what 
summer schoolctasses they would like tolllke. If the plan goes through. administrators would be able 
to see which courses are necessary and requested by the students. 

OIhrr Old Busl_: 
• Allocation of $170 from General Unallocated 10 External Affairs Graphics and Reproduction 

line item. PIIssed. 
• Allocation of $4.220 from General Unallocated to External Affairs Special Projects line item. 

Senllo committee. 
'AllocationofS3 t 8.06 from the Studcnt Organizalion Graduation Budget 10 MEChA for annual 

Chicano/lalino Recognition Ceremony. Passed. 
• Approval of University Center Board Chancr as amended. Postponed. 
• Approval of 1992 Culture QueSI Budget. Passed. 
• Approval of ASUCSD Council Bylaws as amended by lhe Rules Commiuee. Postponed. 
• Allocation of $t.OOO from General Unallocated to Community Service Commission for T-

shirts for Hands On San Oiegoon April I 1.1992. Withdrawn. 
, Allocalion of $379 from Student Organization Finance Board budge t to the International 

Socialist Club for a speaker on "Women's Liberation and Socialism:· Passed. 
- Joanne Donahoe 

PRESIDENT 
ContInued from pace 1 
sponse about Atkinson and Young to exclude 
them," he said. 

Edson explained that he thought "it's guaran-
teed that [Atkinson and Young) have built up 
some resentment from regents," due to theirwell-
known emphasi on research and rai ing money. 

UCSA Executive Director Lee Butterfield 
echoed these sent iments. noting that "Young and 
Atkinson would have brought with them a lot of 
negative baggage. [Peltason) is not subject to the 
same level of criticism as Young or Atkinson. ,. 

Both Edson and Bunerfield expressed confi-
dence that Peltason would easily gain approval 
from the regents. 

Butterfield also theorized that the nomination 
was leaked to the Union-Tribllne because some 
committee members "didn 't get their way" when 
Peltason was chosen over Atkinson and Young. 

Peltason's nomination is seen as a surprise 
victory for students, who are demanding more 
representation in top-level decisions in the wake 
ofsrudenr fee increases which h lve nearly doubled 
fees over the last two years. 

"Out of all of the UCs, we have the most 
responsive chancellor." said Jos6 Solorio, the 

8 FCTIONS of communications, is runrting for president on the "Students for Progress" slate. but (Students for Progress1 can carry it through. We can bring progressivechange," 
Holmes said ContInued flam .... 1 

Duran said he has a number of goals he 
would like to pursue if elected. including 
implementing a plan to let students use their 
meal plan points at the Price Cenrer restau-
rants and other campus food stores. 

Dunin also said he feels strongly about fee 
increases and will fight against them state-
wide. 

"It is a matter of defining what student 
power means on this campus." Dtrin said 

Mike Holmes. the current A.S. vice presi-
dent administtative and fonnercommissioner 

". see myself as a candidate that stands 
for realistic changes. We need a person with 
experience and goals, but who can also bring 
those together and make them happen," 
Holmes said 

Holmes said his goals include an effort to 
work with representatives to both campus 
and system-wide fee committees to find a 
way to lower fees. 

According to Holmes, "Students for 
Progress" stand for a structural change be-
tween the students and the university . "A lot 
of candidates may believe in the same thing, 

Matthew Schnurer, the fonner com-
missioner of programming, who resigned 
last year after he was denied a $200-per-
week salary increase, is also running for 
presidenL 

Schnurer said he sees a serious lack of . 
leadership on campus. "The past few presi-
dents have failed to be individuals, to rep-
resent the student population. I have seen 
the infrastructure of the A.S. in my two 
years as the commissioner of program-
ming. I can tum things around," Schnurer 

NEWS 3 

president of the Associated Students of UCI. 
Considering the other people who were up for 
president, it would be a grent triumph for stu-
dents." 

Solorio noted that Peltason actively sup-
pons affimlative action programs and makes 
student input a priority on the VCI campus. 

Edson, former ASUCSD president .. aid that 
Peltason is known for meeting with UCI stu-
dent leaders once a month and encouraging 
other administmtors to be more accommodat-
ing to tudent concerns. 

However, Peltason has recently come under 
fire from students protesting plans to build the 
University House on the ne ting site of the 
gnatcatcher, which could threnten the existence 
of that species of bird, according to one envi-
ronmental report. 

He has also been cri ticized in the past for 
anti-gay comments he allegedly made after 
UCI hosted an experimental domestic panner-
ship hou ing progmm. 

Pella on, a political scientist who has 
authored seveml books, served aschancellorof 
the UniversityoflJlinoisat Urbana-Champaign 
from 1967 to 1977. He then became president 
of the American Council on Education until he 
filled the top post at ua in 1984. 

said. 
Schnurer said that if he is elected he 

would like to utilize the campus media to 
establish a better image of the A.S. "We're 
all students and we all suffer. I'd like to 
attain a sense of authority and unify the 
students. I" m doubtful the othercand idates 
can do that," Schnurer remarked. 

The other presidential candidate in the 
race, Ely Rabani, a Warren College senior, 
said he would like to see fundamental and 
incremental changes within the A.S. "The 
A.S. is not adequate in unifying the stu-
dents to oppose challenges. People know 

See ELEcnONS, Page 9 

500/0 to 90% 
BELOW RETAIL UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL 

6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 
Tue.-Fri. 11·8 

Sat. &. Sun. 11·5 
450 .. 3323 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Wed.-Fri.ll·7 

Sat. &. Sun. 11·5 

••• 

250/0 OFF ANY size storage unit 
with this ad at 

• • ~ N 
UC 
ID 

• 
La Jolla Village Dr. 

• 

I , 
.. 

"TOP 25 IN 
THE NATION" 

Self Magazine 

I 
o 

8111i1_Rd. 
•• caboI 

Miramar Rd. 

• 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

549-0500 

"BEST HEALTH 
CLUB IN SAN 

DIEGO" 
First Thursday 

1/2 off 
memberships * 

Receive half off your membership by joining our special 
off hours: M-Thurs. 5:00-9:00 p.m . 

Fridays 5:00-8:00 p,m. 
Sat./Sun. 11 :30-7:00 p,m. 

'Applle'to 3 · monlh . 6·month & l·year lull memberships only. Not valid with any other oller. 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 2, 1992 

C 0 M M E N T A R Y 

IF ACCUSED MURDER CLEOPHUS RINCE, JR. R LV IS GUILTY AS 
CHARGED, YO WOULD ARDLY KNOW IT FROM LOO ING AT 1M 

I T HAS BEEN ALMOST TWO YEARS EXACTLY since I got the phone call: "Someone else was killed. It might be the same guy." the voice of my friend said. He was (l reporter for the Guardian, nnd had written a 
story about the murder of a UCSD student a few months 
before. Now he was calling 10 tell me that the ame killer 
had struck again. this time killing a high school student 
from a suburb of Lansing. Michigan. 

The victim. Holly Tarr. had been in San Diego for 
pring vacation. visi ting her brother. She was stabbed to 

death, just like Janene Wei nhold. 
A month ago. with my reporter friend long since 

gradu;Jted from UCSD, I found myself covering the story in 
San Diego municipal court. surrounded by television and 
newspapt;:r reporters. In front of us sat Cleophus Prince. Jr .. 
the man who has been accused of killing Tarr. Weinhold, 
and four other women. 

II mighl be the same gil)', I heard my friend' s voice say, 
This man in front of me, smiling, talking to his attorneys. 
and passing notes to his mother in the back of the coun-
room, could have been rl,ur gu)'. 

A serial killer. 
When you read about them. or see them in movies. they're 

always terrifying. I expected the piercing stare of Hannibal 
Lecter from Clcophus Prince. Jr .. but I didn't get it. 

E fTHE R WAY, THE SITUATION WAS FRIGHT-ening. On the one hand. ifCleophus Prince Im.w·r guilty, it was terrifying 10 think that an innocent man 
could be just a few legal step away from being 

sentenced to death. But if he was -
If he was, then he looked like a completely normal guy. 

Just your averJge Joe. except for the facttha! he had killed 
six people. 

This is \l'hat COUl'l procedures are all abour. I told 
myself. They' /I find (lur if he'. guilry orllOT. £\'('rylhillg \l'iII 
be fille . I had never been in a courtroom before, save for a 
mock trial I had to endure with the rest of my high school 
class four years ago. Walking through the hallway of the 
county courthouse. I could almost hear the mythic,ll wheels 
of justice slowly turning, grinding forward . eventually 
producing the Tmth. 

Being a reponer. especially in scenarios like ;J legal 
hearing regardi ng serial killings. requires some detachment. 
I felt insulated si lting in the jury box with all the other 
reponers and photographers from San Diego media. But 
that insulation was stripped bare with one simple sound: 
crying. Crying from Holly Tarr's father and best friend. 
when they took the witne 's stand. Crying from family 
members and friends of other victims as they watched the 
proceedings. 

TIle wheels of justice, at least in this case. were tumed 

OF AN 

~GED 

SERIAL 

Roger KUOIGu.Wian 

by five people: the prosecution, Dan Lamborn and Rick 
C1abby: the defense, Loren Mandel and Ban Sheela: and . 
the judge, Patricia Cowell. And since they have to deal 
with crime every day. they've evolved another way of 
creating insulation: the allomeys joke with eoch other, even 
though they're adversaries. And the judge. though sonle-
what more detached. is still cordial. They try to ignore the 
facts of their case. except during the actual proceedings. 

PERHAPS IT TAKES SOME TIME TO BUILD up insulation. One of the defense attorneys. trying to explain one of his arguments to a reponer from 
the Unio/l-Trihllne and myself, posed the seem-

ingly innocuous question: "Have you seen the pictures 
yet?" We said no. He howed them to us. 

They were pictures of the murder sites. before the 
victims were removed. The other reponer and I were 
supposed to compare the stabbing pallems on the different 
bodies. 

I don't know if the Union· Tribune reponer slept well 
that night. I certainly didn ' t. 

And it wasn't just me. Despite his normal appearance, 
Prince didn't exactly act ympathetic toward the media. 
One of the Guardian photogf"Jphers assigned to shoot the 
trial began taking pictures of Prince. He turned toward her. 
and locked her in an icy stare until she finally put down her 
camera and tumed away. 

"Do you think he did it?" is what people ask me these 
days. after reading my stories about the case in the 
Guardial/. 

I don ' t know. 
The prosecutors have vast amounts of circumstantial 

evidence against Prince. Either the man is a killer, or he 
drew murders like floodlights draw insect. : three murders 
in the ame Clairemont apartment complex he lived in, 
then anolher in the complex he moved into after leaving 
Clairemont. 

. B UT CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE IS JUST that. The only hard evidence the prosecution has involves jewelry missing from the victims and later 
traced back to Prince by police - that. and the 

always-Questionable science of a DNA test matching 
Prince to semen found on one of the victims. 

As with just about every case, we'll never know for sure 
what happened in those horrible last moments of those six 
women. All we' ll ever know is what a jury feels is the 
truth. With Prince's trial put off until late summer at the 
very earliest, it will be a long time before we even know 
that. 

The wheel of ju tice are still moving. But they're 
moving very. \ 'e/)' slowly. 

B JASON SNELL, SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

C 0 M MEN T A R Y 

The Fee Protesters Blew It 
By Ben Boychuk 
Opinion EditOr 

When a small but detennincd band of irate 
students protesting the new 24 percent fcc increase 
seized a conference room in the chancellor's 
complex last month, the campus Left foresaw the 
dawn of a new age for campus activism. Fnastrated, 
tired of burcaucrutic doublespeak, outraged at all of 
the pain and suffering in the world, "the students" 
took a stand. For one glorious moment, the ever-
elusive goal- empowennmt - was within their 
grasp. 

And then, true to form, they blew iL 

The whole scheme began to crumble on Friday. 
Mar. 6, when students all across the UC system 
were supposed to have a "general strike" - in ocher 
words. they were supposed 10 take the afternoon oft'. 
At UCSD, ''the students" beId a teach-in at abe Old 
Pub building. The pwpose of the evClll was to 
educaIe interested students in what they could do 10 
voice their displeaswe about the coming fee hike. 
But that proved too boring for the hard-ooscd 
rabblerouscrs, One swctent stood up and cried, "'This 
is where it staIISl We should be at the Price Center! 
We have the power as a group to threaten the 
regents," 

Big Time 
And off they went. clapping end chanting end 

making a nx:ku$. The one decem eft'on 10 cducarc 
abe public WIS thrown away in favor of mob action. 
It WIS the begiming of abe end. 

l.aIt Friday. ~ SIUdents" held a rally and 
iJI'C*Sl man:h on abe Capitol steps in Sacramento, 
Only 40 students showed up from all nine UC 
campuses and a handful of SIIIe and community 
colleges. Fony students out of lOOn: than 2OO,<XXl in 
the Slate higher education system. Forty college 
students, give or take a dozen e1emen&ary schooI-
childmt who SIOOd by and wab:hed the spcaacle. 

See PROIESIS. Page 5 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 

PROTESTS 
ContInued from .,... 4 
Fony. 

UCSD students should be proud 
to know that about half of that num-
ber came from this campus. Of 
course, organizers predicted nearly 
150 student from UCSD alone 
would be in attendance. Somehow, 
somewhere. someone made a very 
big mistake. 

Protesters from UCS D complain 
that the rally would have most cer-
tainly been much bigger had the 
diabolical administration simply 
gi ven into their demand for $ 10,000 
to cover transponation costs. Once 
again, the administration is to blame 
for derailing the students' heroic 
efforts to achieve the power that is 
rightfully theirs. 

Is the administration to blame? II 
certainly is a stubborn beast, but I think 
the protesters give it far more credit 
than it deserves. Administrators are a 
notoriously unintelligent and 
uncreative lot, who are far more in-
clined to take the shortest and least 
rigorous route available to them. 

Administrators don't have time 
to actively plot against the unerly 
helpless student body. They are 
mostly concerned with talking on 
the telephone, reading memoranda, 
signing official documents, reading 
more memoranda, and escaping the 
campus before the traffic becomes 
toohcavyon La Jolla Village Drive. 

Any contact they have with the 
students is rare. They are often too 
busy talking on the telephone to be 
bothered with students, or more spe-
cifically, students of the boisterous 
nnd smelly variety. And rightly so. 
Because, despite their general lack 
of contact with the masses, they (or 
perhaps their secretaries) are per-
ccptive enough to know that the 
motley crew banging on their office 
door and chanting silly chants is a 
fringe element - they do not repre-
sent a majority of students in any 
way shape or fonn. 

[n truth, the student activist bang-
ing angrily on the door outside is as 
out of touch with the students as the 
administrator cowering inside. 

The debacle in Sacramento last 
Friday dealt a terrible blow to the 
so-called student empowerment 
movement on thiscampus. Even the 
truest believers howed that they 
weren't as committed to the cause 
as they would have us believe. The 
organizers try to explain that lack of 
funds and poor communications 
made the event less successful than 
expected. They would have us be-
I ieve that the lack of a free ride north 
prevented the students from having 
their voices heard. 

And they're probably right. Af-
ter all. we are living in an age where 
everything is a right and nobody is 
responsible for anything. Why 
should an individual pay when the 
state can subsidize it (whatever "it" 
might be)just as easily? Why should 
students have to pay bus fare to 
Sacramento when the administra-
tion canjust write out a state-backed 
check? Everybody's looking for a 
handout, and nobody wants to pick 
up the lab. 

This is why the student activists 
who have chanted their way to power 
are demagogues of the worst sort. 
For them, "c:rnpowenncnt" (that re-
pUlsive word) means a free ride. 
Student rights, in the present con-
text, have been pervened into mean-
ing the right to anything and every-
thing these jackasses want but don 't 
want to pay for. Thus, they want a 
fully-funded women's center, fully 
autonomous student co-ops (with-
out the burden of having to pay 
taxes or insurance-the university 
is supposed to take care of that), 
cost-free education. and on and on. 
ad absurdum. 

Students do have rights, but not 
the ones these insipid dreamers are 
screaming about. Students have the 
right to a decent education relative 
to what they pay for. Students have 
the right to learn in an environrnent 
m:e from social or political intimi-
dation. Students have the right to 
express whatever beliefs they choose 
-even ifthey happen to be asinine 
and childlike demands for"empow-
erment." Students have the right to 
accept or reject the idcologyorteach-

See PROTESTS, Page 6 

U"ivusityof 
Colorado 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Humor, Aggression and the Status Quo 
• Satire and comedy are used as weapons to attack the underrepresented 

What we all saw last quaner in 
relation to raci t and sex ist flyers is 
symptomatic not only of the offen-
sive attitudes alive and well on col-
lege campuses across the country, 
but also of how humor has become 
aggression's new teflon cloak. How 
many times have we heard the re-
joinder "It's ju t a joke!" pinned 
onto the tail of some vicious anec-
dote? 

Last quaner there were several 
example of aggression masquer-
ading as humor. The SAE canoon 
was the most controversial but it 
was not the only instance. There 
was also a fashion piece in an issue 
of the California Review that ar-
gued that the "gangsta"look in Af-
rican-American fashion was hot 
because it allowed for concealed 
weapons. A fine example of the 
redneck credo "all dem black people 
are criminals, har har hac.. ... 

TIle Koala, a paper [ occasion-
ally see read in the Price Center, is 
consistently misogynistic and 
homophobic. My favorite Koala 
piece sought to instruct me in the art 
of raping an inebriated woman at a 
party. How charming - "Rape 
101," hosted by the editors of the 
Koala. 

Then. when we thought Winter 
Quarter was allover, a new contro-
versy involving the nature of satire 
and racism hit the pages of the 
G l4ardian. 

Just a few days ago, in the 
Guardian's April Fool's issue, we 
saw a disturbing depiction of the 
SAE flyer business. In this alleg-
edly humorous cover story, SAE 
fraternity men took offense at a 
"mean" Women's Resource Center 
flyer that showed a stick figure 
fratboy kicking a Iinle Snoopy. 

This irresponsible cover story 
had some of its laughs at the ex-
pense ofthose of us who felt that the 
SAE flyer was a very hunful prod-
uct of a sick mind. We may want to 

laugh at workshops that intend to 
conven fmtboys into nice libemls, 
but must we mock the principle by 
which we found the SAE cartoon so 
revolting? Maybe we were all just 
overreacting to the abuse of a cute 
Snoopy. 

What ishumoranyway? Aristotle 
had us believe that comedy was 
antithetical to what is noble and 
beautiful, in effect, a version of 
events that opposes the heroic ac-
tions depicted in a tragedy. In 1651 
Thomas Hobbes wrote about a "sud-
den glory" in relation to humor, an 
exercise in which we recognize our 
advantage over others. Henri 
Bergson, in the 19th century, ar-
gued fora theory of humor based on 
a rebellion against the inflexible. 
All of these perspectives share a 
view of humor as a subversive tool 
for undermining what is authorita-
tive. 

Humor draws its strength from 
the "baseness" that Aristotle attrib-
uted to comedy. In the '60s, Lenny 
Bruce was a masterof using his own 
Jewishness to tear apart anti-
semitism,organized religion and the 
cops. His satire and parody drew 
attention not to itselfbut to the views 
nnd forms he was criticizing. Hu-
mor is the vehicle through which we 
can deal a blow to the pomposity of 
a monolithic authority that demands 
respect. Humor is great in this way: 
we can laugh off the racist morons 
and cut them down to size. 

The problem is that different 
people have different ideas about 

who is authority. I see authority out 
on the streets. in uniform. and in a 
government that is not representa-
tive of the people. I see authority in 
these pages of the GlIlIn/iall. in my 
own lillie, cordoncd-off "My Left 
Foot"' space, where I am enabled to 
spout off every other week. I see 
authority in the decisions of what 
goes into the fron t page of the Guurd-
iall, and into the pages of the Koala 
and the California Rel'iew. I see 
authority in the inner cities, and it's 
thelongshadowofaWhiteAmerica 
that is too wr.lpped up into making 
money to even notice the misery. 

The so-called campus conserva-
tives, crying in defenseof every self 
respecting white boy's self esteem, 
see authority elsewhere. They are 
thecorpsofanti-P.C. conquistadors 
on a mission from God to free us all 
from the yoke of the tyrannical 
Chicana and African-American. 
Thei r barbed atlacksagainst women, 
non-whites and gays are often in-
tended as attacks against what is 
seen as a more progressive status 
quo that has arisen in some disci-
plines and in the pedagogy of some 
instructors. 

When these crusaders launch an 
attack against "aUlhority"they more 
often than not end up insulting and 
demeaning the concern of sectors 
of the student body with legitimate 
critiques of how this hunky-dory 
society treats people who are not 
white. 

But the abyss between panies on 
campus is not negotiable. People do 
not change. The very existence of 
the haves depends on the status quo 
and they will fight for its legitima-
tion. with humor. with violence and 
with money. And the status quo will 
not sell to the WRC and student 
groups that representlhe poJitically 
disenfranchised in this country. My 
hope is that humor becomes as much 
a weapon for use by progressives as 
it has been for the conservatives. 

III Bouldtr 

s-...... , ~ Who can 
describe it? You won't want to miss it. 
Here's your ch.ance to rom [be: summer of 
'92 one you'U always remember. 

11IW: ...-s. Colorado h2S more man 
1.000 spectacular paks soaring above 
10,000 feet and 53 paks over 14,000 feet. 
Boulder h2S parks, open space. and hiking 
and biking trails galore. Boulder is lIN place 
lO b.: outdoors 11IW: • M ,. The Boulder =npus takes on a special qu.ality in the summer. 

Faculty come to class in shomo Small 
discussion groups meet unda [be: [rttS on 
the lawn. You find yourself pan of a 
comfon:ablc leaming community- who 
work. srudy. or just relax together. 
11IW: ' , I ClIOOK from over 500 
courses, including archaeological f.dd 
study in Steamboat Springs. production 
with the Colorado Shakespeare Festival, an 

intensi~ Spanish institute. a biology field 
course on plana of Colorado. performance 
with the Colorado Lyric Theatre festival. 
and much more. 
11IW: -r. Tuition in the summer is 
lower [han during [be: following academic 
year. 

Term A: June 8-July 10 
Term B: July t4-Augusl t4 
Term C: June 8-July 31 
Term D: June 8-August 14 
Shoner. intensive courses also available 
c.I ........... for a free CU-
Boulder Summer Session Catalog. which 
contains everything you need to know 
about special courses, registration. housing, 
tuition and fees. financial aid. student 
services. and class schedules. 
For informalion, call (303) 492-2456. 

y", sntJ _ thr ftrr I f}91 CU·&.JJn s.", __ Sm;'~ c.~. 

Nom< 

Add ... , 

Ciry State Zip 

0..< of Birth Social Stcuri ty Numbco,-
005 
Mail To: 
0fIi« of /ldmisaiom • ~. Adminis" .. i .. <:en ... 125 ' Camp'" Box 30 
Uni-.iry ofCotondo .. 1Iooo1der' BouIdoY. CO 80309-0030 
'/w ~irtf..,J jJ",,;fi-iM., ........ ..u, 
(303) 492-2456 
Affi..-M ActionlEopool Opponunity 1"';1Ution 

WE CHAu.ENGED KAPLAN 
TO COMPARE THEIR 
RESULTS TO OURS: 

LSA T: 9 points 
GMA T: 90 points 
GRE: 230 points 

.ve .... c score improvcmeou 

NOT SURPRISINGLY, 
THEY DECUNED. 

For The Best Prep 
Call 695-9952 
The 
Princeton Review 

WaICCft_a 



I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

6 OPINION 

AUTOPORT MAli MIRAMAR 

1OM'5 Master Mechanics 
====== exclusively V\N and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

' Must PUH.",I coupon Ond voltd VCSO 10 ollomo 0 1 ostimalo 
Nol votld Wllh mqOl engine or IrOt1!lTllulon rsporrs 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I L ____________________ ~ 

o Contact: 
Councu Travel 
UCSD PrI« ectWcr 
9500 GUman Dr • 
uJoIb, CA 9209}OO76 
(6t9) 452-0630 • 

prtt~r.lm Ih.u lui, Ihn)ll.,:h Iht, rnl IApt· .Inti 
.lIq~ , ,I)U 10 V. ()~ tn 
8rit.in (;c,rmany Costa Rica 
Ireland N",., 1...,aJand Canada 
Frantt Jamaka 
01"K'n til ,,1\1 mlJur .. ~ llh .In) ( .Il (.I1"'U.IlIfl~ 

~'nl\)r' IIkl' 
l nr nlurt' anll .rnl:lllun OInd J IR'(, hnM.:hul"t' 
l0l1 101l1 CouncU on Inu: rnationaJ 
Educational Excha"", 
l05 £:ostUnd St .• NC1I' York. NY 1001-
Td. ( I ll ) 661 · 14U 

MARDI GRAS 
BA TILE OF THE BANDS 

MARDI.' MARDlf 

Saturday 
April 4 1992 

12 - 4:30 
MATTH WS CUL-DE-SAC 

The UCSD Guardian 

OVERDUE$? 
UCSD Ubra/)' will implement a n_ billing policy beginning Spring 
Quarter. 1992 , that will affect all library borrowers. This will be the 
procedure for overdue or lost library items: 

• A courtesy reminder stating that items are overdue will be se~t 
shortly alter the due date. 

• If materials are not returned or renewed, a second notice will 
be sent stating that a non<ancellable overdue fee of S7.00 has 
been levied. 

• If materials are still not returned. borrowing privileges will be 
suspended and a bill will be issued which indudes replace-
ment cost of the item(s), a $7.00 overdue fee, a S20,00 
processing fee and a S7.00 billing service charge. 

• If an item is recalled and not retumed by its revised due date. 
an additional $14 .00 dlarge will be imposed. 

You may renew items on or before their due date, or before 
overdue items have accrued the overdue fee. by telephoning or 
stopping at the circulation desk of any UCSD library. Ubrary 
materials (except Rese /Ve items) may 
be returned to any branch. If you 
have questions about these policy 
changes. or other borrowing policies, 
ca ll 534-3339. The Library is not 
responsible for undelivered mail. UCSD LIBRARY 

PSI CHI OMEGA 
~ X 12 

TH E PROSP E RITY CONTINUES 

FrIdIIy, Apr113rd, 8 .-.10 pm, Pnce centIf .... .room 
Let Your Mind fIow.....8e Hypnotized by the Amazing Desiree 

Monday, AprtI6th, 7 pm-11 pm, PeIwson HIli 1 02 
INFORMATION NIGHT 

Wednesday, AprlI8Ih, 6:30 pm-11 pm, The Pub 
Slice It Up With Pizzal 

Friday, AprtI10th, 6 pm-10 pm, La JoIs. Shorn Beach 
Keepers of the Flame-Psi Chi Omega Bonfire 

FOR MORE INFO CALL (619)457-3450 

Thursday, April 1, 1992 

PROfESTS 
ContInued flam .... 5 
ings of their professors. Students 
have the right to question those 
teachings without fear of penalty in 
the fonn of lowered grades. 

Student have a righl to protest. 
but not at the expense oflhe rights of 
other students. The protesters of to-
day (indeed. of the last 25 years) 
have no concern for these rights. 
They are only interesled in power. 
1bese morons and half-wits have 
rejected these rights (no doubt be-
cause they are "too establishment") 
in pursuit of some grand vision of a 
democratic student utopia. 

I don' t know how such a utopia 
would look.. but if these dunderheads 
are behind it, I would sooner drop 
out and try my luck in the hrinking 
job market. There would be no hope 
for the real student - the one actu-
ally interested in learning something. 
There would only be chaos. 

Thejackassesareontherunnow. 
If their foundation of support was 
small before. I imagine it's almost 
completely gone by now. It is im-
possible to take this crowd seri-
ousl y. Indeed, anyone who has ever 
had an opportunity to observe one 
of their displays knows thai they are 
doomed. The Left has always been 
a self-righteous, arrogant, bloated, 
pitiful movement, ever cursed wilh 
choking on its own rhetoric, con-
stantly tripping on its precious col-
lective action like a circus clown 
trips on his shoes. 

The only thing redeemable about 
this sorrowful gang is that they are 
so fun to watch. It was difficult-
almost painful-to watch those oh-
so-serious harlequins rant and rave 
about justice and power and rights 
to an equally clueless and indignant 
Nicholas Aguilar last quarter and 
not roll on the grass with laughter. 
One could practically see the tears 
welling up in these sniveling ado-
lescents' eyes as they demanded the 
ridiculous sum of $1 0.000 from the 
administration so they could do some 
serious protesting against the big 
boys up north. 

There they were, screeching and 
hollering, banging their bongos and 
clapping their hands-you could see 
thai there was noching thesechimpan-
zees would radler be doing. It beat 
studying. that was for certain. 

I would not be so harsh on these 
morons if they did not make it so 
easy. 1beir seven days of glory last 
month were a pitiful display of pre-
pubescent defiance. Indeed. the en-
tire sad spectacle was summed up in 
their own unforgettably crude 
words: "All we want is your respect. 
And money." 

Student activism is on its death 
bed, and that's probably just as well. 
My only hope is that it lasts until 
after I graduate. Stupidity makes 
such good copy. 

Dinner 
Delivered! 

Dorm I Home • O1fice 
lAJOUA 

OOJRMETDELNERY 
from La JoIIa's Rtstauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

Thunday, April 1, 1992 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Protests Are Useful at Times 
Editor: 

Weare writing in responseto some 
comments made about student pr0-
tests in Monday's Guardian editorial 
titled "When You Listen to Fools, the 
Mob Rules." Anyendeavorsuccecds 
or fails based on the amount of prepa-
ration and organizatiOO thai goes into 
it 

The sit-in at the conference room 
was a spontaneous action and as such 
lacked the usual preparation thai we at 
the AS. Extemal Affairs office have 
come to a<>sociale with Direct Action 
for Educalion (DAE). 

In our opinion. the negative c0n-
clusion<; made by the editorial regani-
ing the outcome of the event and the 
decisions that were made detract in no 
substantial way from the validity of 
the cause or the success of DAE in 
addressing that cause. To make that 
as.·,ociation is un<ietllingly subjective. 

In light of the tone of the editorial, 
pelhaps it would a good time to re.-
mind the editors of the dynamics of 
political change in the kind of special 
interest decision making process that 
wehavetodeaJwithinbothCalifomia 
State and UCSD politics. 

Throughout the year, the External 
Affairs Office lobbies local area legis-
lators regularly on a wide range of 
issues. When any lobbyist makes a 
case to a legislator, the four resources 
they have to back their argument are: 
campaign contributions. votes. press 
coverage, and the power of reason. in 
thatoroer. 

Students never have the money to 
conttibute to a campaign. they have 
one of the lowest vote turnouts and 
reason on its own stands an ice cube's 
chance in hell. Because media cover-
age gets the attention of the gener.d 
electorate, one of the most effective 
threats we have been able to make is 
the news coverage thai protest actions 
generate. 

Education is a political and media 
centerpiece and protest coverage is 
always favorable. In response to last 
year's 40 percent fee increase. 40 stu-
dents blockaded the cIoor to Governor 
Wilson's regiona1 offJCe in downtown 

San Diego. The ~t was an enor-
mous amount of positive media cov-
erage in San Diego County, and our 
job wa<> made that much easier. 

In a letter to fellow legislators. 
Senator Art TOITes cited theextensive 
student protest in opposition to fee 
increase a<> a reason to oo-author Sen-
ale Bill 1446, which limits UC fee 
increases 10 10 percent per year. 

In February, 300 UC Santa Cruz 
students marched three miles to the 
offICe of their local representative. 
Senator Mello. Mello voted for this 
year' s40percent fee increase and had 
voiced his support for this year's 24 
percent increase. 

Speaking to the student marchers 
and the media present. Mello reversed 
his stance on fees. and has since testi-
fied at numerous ~,13le committee 
meetings in opposition to student fees. 
Who knows? Maybe it was the media 
coverage. maybe it was the threat of 
having his office occupied by 300 
"irate students." Protests get cover-
age. and the sit-in was no exception. 

'There are always situations where 
a minority group is powerless to make 
a political change even in the face of 
genuine injustice. In these situations 
the only non-violent solutions arepro-
lest actions or civil disobedience. 

Students are a minority group in 
California politics and (especially at 
UCSD) are powerless to make on-
campus changes. When you really get 
into the details of student interests 
both 0IH:aI11pt.IS and statewide, you 
realize that, at times, the only recourse 
is the kind of protest that your editorial 
referred to. 

The protest actions that DAE has 
camed out so successfully in the past 
have helped to give bite to the student 
barl<. 

It would be a big loss jf the misin-
fonned nature of your editorial turned 
any student away from the opportu-
nity for real political input that DAE 
represents. 

Siamak MaIek 
A.8. VP External Affairs 

CoIinWihon 
A.S. State LOOby Director 

detachable day pad< & lanny pad< 
coorcr 1.1.00 129 99 Sale price • 

Whenlic_to 
trlYelac--. ... 

we'YI got'emlll 

--:':-:UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 

FREE DELIVERY* 
PI .. place order 24 boun in 1d'llllCe 

• hO abai._ ........... • willlla 6.110 ...... "'-JIUI 
as always, 10% ofW when you 

visit the store with your UCSD ID 

l1li Villa u Jolla Dr. (in the Ralpb's Center) 4111141 Prompt delivery, 7 d.Y" week. Open daily 8 .111-8 pm 

The UCSD Guardian 

STA TRAVEL 
\\'l"\l' IWl'11 t111'rl'~ 

ROUND TRtP FROM LAX 

PARIS 579 
FRANKFURT 540 
LONDON 439 
ATHENS 754 
ROUND THE WORLD! 

LAX - TOKYO - KULA LUMPUR· 
SYDNEY· AUCKLAND· FIJI· 

HONOLULU· LAX 
$1749 

• LOW COST ONl: WAYS 
• KURAIL DISCOUNT WITH 

PURCHAa or TlCDT 
• LIIIlTm RaTlUCTJONB 
• TRAva.D8 1N8URAJ\ICI: 

AVAJL.A"· 

120 OFFICES WORLDWIDE 
THREE L.A. LOCAnONS: 
(310) 824-1674 WDrWOOD VlU.ACJa 
(213) 937·8722 war HOLLYWOOD 
(310) 394-5128 IlAJrTA IIOIIICA 

Si/j 
STA TRAVEL 

OPINION 7 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses EXlcndcd Sofl Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

*Includes: CL exam. care kit. myopic lenses. 30 
Brands include B&L. Cooper. WJ, 
Paraperm, Boston. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemonl Mesa Blvd. 

rr4" ••• llonlil S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llty Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.bt. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri . 10-6 • Sa\. 10-5 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAr. 
This checklist will help you 
answer ill of them. 
~ Kaplan makes test prep convenient. With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'U be ready to teach when and where you need us to be there. 
rd Kaplan helps you manage your time. .. 

~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recogruze stumbling blocks early 
on, before they hurt your performance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value. Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
~ Kaplan is the industry leader. 53' years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1·800-KAP· TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

o 1992 Stanl~y H. Klplln Educllional Ctnttr LId. 



8 NEWS 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

7044 Flanders Drive 

SPECIALS! 
wiU1l1tudent 1.0. 

THIRD MONTH Call about FREE TRUCK FREE (U==L~) 
./ ALL GROUI\ID FLOOR UNITS 
tI' NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 
tI' NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
tI' HILTO,.. QUAUTY AT MOta. 6- PRICES 
tI' CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVAnON WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

~~ 
453-0511 

11<. _110. 

LA SAnDfiLE 
ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

SPORT SANDALS REEF 
MEN - WOMEN AQuASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA SA"DALE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SO 92109 
488-1134 

COME TRAVEL IN INDIA 
PtIIA·_ 
SUMMER 

JUNE28 
lIJULY24 

frII. SIll, 
IIPCII5-1 .. • .. !-8. 

~~:1(800) 
400-8372 

1bc UCSD Guardian 

APPEAL 
CGnIIIIuM flam .... 1 

1be case, Smilh v. UC R~g~nls, 
ASUC IB~ru/~J, ~I 01. was fiM 
brought by the appellants in 1979 
when they were still students and 
was last acted upon in 1988 when a 
lower court upheld the university' 
right to impose such fees. Support-
ers of fee-supported panisan orga-
nizations are concerned about the 
possibility of the California Supreme 
Coun's overturning the decision. 

"It could mean that students are 
denied the opportunity to partici-
pate in organizations and variou 
activities of their choice," said Uni-
versity of Califomia Student Ass0-
ciation Executive Director Lee 
Butterfield. He defended the cur-
rent funding policy. saying. "people 

BUDGET 
ContInued from PICe 1 
toward all unprotected programs 
such as higher education. As pro-
tected programs grow. the unpro-
tected budget is projected to shrink 
to zero by the year 2(0). 

In addition. according to UC Stu-
dent Association (UCSA) member 
Andy Shaw. the UC budget may 
face a larger shortfall than predicted 
by Gardner this year. "[<;iardner's) 
letter is based on an increase (in the 
budget shortfall) offive percent, but 
we estimate an increase of 18 per-
cent or more this year." he said. 

A five percent cut in state fund-
ing amounts to a $100 million loss 
for the UC. according to Gardner. 

Students and Gardner agree that 
further budget cuts will hurt the UC 

who are deciding how Ithe univer-
sicy] money should be spent are 
democratically elected. ... The stu-
dents who object to how the money 
is spent have a say in the prooess. 
and that is through the election." 

If the court decides to reverse the 
decision. the new policy would be 
like deducting "money from your 
taXes according to wlUch programs 
you like ..... That's not how it works." 
Butterfield commented. 

Communications Director of the 
Associated Students of UC Berke-
ley (ASUC) Greg Heibel agreed 
with Butterfield. "It is right and 
proper for the student fee to be used 
for student government purposes. 
TIlere is a fairly substantial case law 
existing that says that this is legiti -
mate." he said. 

TIle ASUC is named as one of 

system. but the parties are seeking 
different remedies for predicted 
budget shortfalls. 

According to Gardner. the only 
possibilities if the budget is slashed 
are to reduce enrollment, eliminate 
departments and professional 
schools and increase fees or add 
tuition. "Each oflheseoptions raises 
major policy issues for the state and 
should not be considered either 
lightly or hastily." Gardner wrote. 

UC administrators discussed the 
possibility of mothballing UC Santa 
Cruz and UC Irvine if the budget 
gets worse. UCSA leaders said. 

Mike Lassiter. director of Com-
munication Services at the Office of 
the President, said Gardner has not 
discussed the closure of a campus. 

Many student leaders believe 
administrative and faculty cuts can 

• fQEE PREGNANCY TE6TING 
• Pre8nancy TerotioaUon 

8eneraljloca\ anesthesia 
• Affordable Birlh Conlrol 
• ooftdeoUal &5 Persooal 

Thunday; April 1, 1992 

Ihe defendants in the suit and has 
been active in the litigation. Heibel 
says that he does not expect the 
lower coon decision to be over-
tumed. but that if it is. the AS UC is 
"more than willing and prepare<! to 
take it to the IU .S.) Supreme Court 
because it i really not an issue that 
concems only the UC system ... it 
is a decision that would affect uni-
versities across the country." 

Anthony Caso of the Pacific 
Legal Foundation. the anomey rep-
resenting the appellants, has lAken 
a different position. "Allow these 
(political) groups to exist on cam-
pus the same way they exist in real 
life. ... If they have enough sup-
port, they ex ist," he said. 

Caso also suggested that the un i-
versity might tum to a more volun-

See APPEAL, Page 13 

still be made without decreasing the 
value of the UC education. 

"The size of the administration 
as a ratio to students has increased 
eight or 10 times since the '60s." 
said Shaw. suggesting possible ad-
ministrati ve ClitS. 

In his letter. Gardner wrote of his 
commitrnent to preserving the qual-
ity of a UC education. 1llere can be 
no " further cutting, squeezing and 
trimming .. . our highest priority will 
be to protect the UC's capability 
and essential quality." he wrote. 

According to UCSD A.S. Presi-
dent AgustIn Orozco. though. some 
trimming is still possible. particu-
larly at the administrative level. 
Orozco believes hours of adminis-
trators can be cut to help reduce the 
impact of the budget cuts. 

See BUDGET, Page 13 

Thunday, April 2, 1992 

ELECTIONS 
ContInued from .... 3 
the A.S. has no power." Rabani 
said. 

In reference to events during 
Winter Quarter, such as the co-op 
break-in and the arrest of University 
Center Board mernberOuis Burnett. 
Rabani said he feels a need for stu-
dent awareness and continuity. 

"Mike [Holmes) is the serious 
candidate, Matt- [Schnurer) is the 
joke candidate, but I'm the one who 
can bring change." he said. 

TIle two candidates for vice-
president administrative include 
Commissioner of Public Relations 
Randolph Siwabessy and Warren 
sophomore senator Poncho 
Guevara. 

Randolph Siwabessy. running on 
the "Students for Progress" slate. 
said the position of vice president 
administrative is very focused inter-
nally. although he feels his position 
as commissioner of public relations 
has helped his candidacy. 

"I would like to work with cam-
pus committee representatives in an 
effort to keep students infllnned of 
the A.S .• big decisions," Siwabessy 
said. 

Opposing Siwabessy on the 
"UNffY" slate, Guevara is running 
a campaign focused on his experi-
ence and desire to unify the campus 
on student issues. 

Guevara is currently the A.S. 
president pro tern and feels this 
hands-on experience wilJ aid him as 
vice president administrative. 

Colin Wilson. a Revelle senior 
and current lobbyist for the Univer-
sity of California Student Associa-
tion. is running unopposed for the 
position of vice-president external. 

Wilson said he feels the next 
two years are especially crucial to 
students statewide. 

"There has been talk of the pos-
sibility of privatization of the UCs 
and the CSUs which could hurt stu-
dents financially." Wilson said. 

Campaigning. which began 
Monday. will end with the elections 
on April 7. 8 and 9_ Students will 
have an opportunity to hear the can-
didates on April 6 at 12 p.m. at the 
Price Center. where candidates will 
participate in a campus-wide fo-
rum. 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.II.E. Church 
7517 CUYler St. 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

C1uuch School.8 LID. 
Worship 10 LDL 

"he! tile 1pbIt" ..... 
....... JlIIIZ (1210 All) 

narladq. 11:»12 ... 

Dr.IlT.caDDwa,.~ 
"A Church For People 

On the Crow" 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

The UCSD Guardian 

Enjoy a cup of fresh-brewed, 
gourmet coffee, on us. 

We think that once you try it, 
you/II be bade for more! 

NEWS 9 

.L1u. __ ... _/ ... ___ .. __ 
/711 JI-'~I -/~ClI -, III '!:/ 

"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 
Our Spring Schedule 

OChern140D 
OChern 140C 
Physics lC 
Chern 6C 
Chern 68 
Math 1C 
Math 120A 
Dio 131 

Mon B-l0pm and Wed B-1Opm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 6-Bpm 
Thur 6-8pm and Sun 6-Bpm 
Mon B-lOpm and Wed B-1Opm 
Mon 6-Bpm and Wed 6-Bprn 
Tue 6-8pm and Sun B-lOpm 
Tue B-10pm and Thur B-lOpm 
Sun 4-6pm and Tues 4-6pm 

• WI1h coupon only· Expires April 16, 1992 

All instruction begins on or after Wednesday, April 1st 
Location: We'rc in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center. Directly behind the Elephant Bar 
and EI Torito rcstaurants, just across from campus! 

.............................. ~ 
Only 24 spaces available per session. Any UCSD st udent may 

attend a free firs t session to evaluate our program, and your 
satisfaction is guaranteed . 

Spirits of 
Saint Germain 

(619) 455-1414 
3251 Holiday Court • La Jolla 

(.ero •• from Et Torlto) 
Open .v.ry day at 6:00 am 

Fees: Course fees are $150 per class. Qualified financial aid 
students may enroll for $125 per class. Hasta! 
Questions? Call us lOam-Midnight. at ~ tr tr 455-1000 

Make sure your road trip proceeds without a hitch. 

.. Sometimes road trips can be a little more adventurous than you 

expect them to be. Which is why you should always pack your AT&T Calling Card. 0 

It's all you need to make a call from almost anywhere to anywhere. It's the least 

expensive way to call state-to-state on AT&T when you can't dial direct. And now, 

you could also get 10% back on all the long distance calls you make with 

your card~ D The AT&T Calling Card. Its the best route to wherever you're going. 

Call more, save more with an AT&T Calling Card. 
CallI 800 654-0471, Ext. 5915. 

• Muot ...... ai_' S30 worIn of ATIT Long Di,,,,nce C.Us WIth your ATIT Cord "",quarler. CaU. covered by apedll 
AT&T priClI\g .... no ... not included. 

~'9I2ATIT 

ATilT 



10 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 2, 1992 

The 
Helen 
Edison 
Lecture 
Series 

Monday, April 6, 1992 
7:30 p.m. 
Price Center Ballroom 
UCSD Campus 

SCIENCE, POLITICS AND 
HUMAN RIGHTS IN CHINA 

A Free Public Lecture with 

Dr. Fang Lizhi 

China's leading dissident and 
world-renowned astrophysicist 

The Helen Edison Lecture Series 
The lecture series is the result of a major gift from the 
late Helen Edison, a San Diego philanthropist who 
supported numerous local educational, cultural and arts 
efforts. 
In accordance with the gift, the Helen Edison Lecture 
Series will present free public lectures each year on 
issues that advance humanitarian purposes and 
objectives. 
For more information, call 534-3400. 

S TAR T S 
EXCllJSM ENGAGEMENT AJ CLUB MlD AND 
SlIlWALK CAfE (Myers Drive loootion On~) 

A $lues 0 Dining Services Production 

o N DAY 

AmOVED FOR GfHERAL NJDlENCES 0 

You saw UVE'S performance on the MTV TOUR with B.A.D. II 
AND P.I.L. on March 25th at the 0' Brien Pavilion last week! 
So go pick up UVE'S debut albym "MENTAL JEWELRY" on 
sale now at these cool stores: 
Assorted Vinyl Off The Record 
UCSD Price Center 515 Rrst St. 
La Jolla Encinitas 

Blue Meanle', 
916 Broadway 
EI Cajon 

Pick up everything you need at 
the UCSD Bookstore! 

/ ..... _ .... i" ............... , ..... - .. , ...... __ ..... . . -_ ... __ .. _ .. __ .. _ .. _ ......... ,,' -, ........ _-''\ 

, I Supplies Checklist I 
; .............. !.Q Hardbo.und .. Ske.tchbo.o .k .......................................... 1 
i i Black 8 1!2 x 11 I [ r-" ~r· -.... -WOOdn'otes (Recyclear 8 172" 1 r-' ---"'-'\ ! '-,,,.-t ... !................. .... ........ .... . ......................................................................... 1 
f .. · .. · .... ·· .. ·i·D .. Construction paper··· .. ·· .. · .... ·· .......... · .. .. · .. · .. ···· .... · ...... · .... 1 
: : ~ 
t ................ ! ................... 9 . ~.J.~ ... 3.0qS~qrteQ .. $.h.~.~.t..(R~(:Yt;'·QQ) .... · .. · ...... ·· .. ·i 
i·· .. , ! 0 " Tempera Paint - 8 color set " ...... . - ""'''1 ! ............. i .. · .. ,. ....... . . ......... .... .... ........ \ 
! ........... ...! 0 .. White ·Glue .. • .. ·4 ounces·or 1 3/4.Qunces ....... ! 
: ................. 1. ................................................................................................................................................... ! 
: 10 Xacto Knife ! j' ... - ... 1···· .... ·_ .. ,_ .. __ ................. - ....... -...... .. ...... _ .. · .. ····· .. · .. "· .. i 
,:",/, .. ·,,: .. t·o · 'SClssorS"''; '''8 InC'h"ShearS" (Recycled)·· .. ···· .... · .. · .. ··· .. 1 

1-~~~:::~;:~::~~~::~ ~:-=~=,~~--::~1 
\
• 1 ; 

.... .. , ...... L ............................................................................................................................... , ..... .. ,,/ 

Everything you'll need to start the courS8-
at 11 ©~ co @@~ Off the Ust Price I 

In one convenient location. 
UCSD BOOKSTORE 

•
...... SUPPLIES DEPARTMeNT 534 - 3788 OPEN: MON - FRI .AM •• PM AND eAT 1GAM - SPM 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 11 

~r---------------------------------------------------------------------------~ ~; aI.SJ\T~N,. AcrIVITIES AND EVENTS 
:i: ~U~tJ.T ORGANIZATIONS 
Q. 0 N CAM PUS LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES ~: 

~: .APRIL 
Sun Mon rue Wed Thu Fri Sat 

• 

Spon : 
1991-92 

Masters Meets 
Sports Facilities 

7am, Canyon View 

Men's Lacrosse: 
UCSD vs AZ State 
11am. UCSD Field 

Rush: Shark Fry 
Phi Kappa Theta 
Noon. ReveUe Field 

Twelfth Annual 
Renaissance 

Faire 
11 am. Revelle College 

vsAlumni 

Open House/ 
WRC 

8am, Sun God Lawn 

ASUCSD 
Candidate Forum 

Noon, pcp 

Rush Events: 
Hypnotist Show 

Sigma Chi 
6pm. Triton Pub 

Not for College 
Days Alone 

Phi Gamma Delta 

HAPPY 
EASTER!~~~~~~~~~ 

~Q Ii 
Easter Sunday 

Mass 
Catholic Student 

Community 
1Oarn, PCB 

CULTURAL 
COOK-OFF 

Cultural 
Organization 

Coalition/SOLO 
4pm, PCB 
Free~y ticket only 

More 
Leadership 
Seminars 

Coming Soon ... 

·Careers In Sludent 
Affairs.May 6th 

·Intcrviewina 
Technlques·May 13th 

pulous.A QUt~litl'" 
of Elhlcs-May 27th 

IP'dUlDl : 
"Urusei Yatsura 
Final Chapter" 

Cal·Animage 
7:30pm. PH 108 

110hm: "Zipang" 
UEO 

8pm.MCA 
GA S5; Sru S4 

Hang In There!!! 
The weekend is 

almost here! 
9. & IJpm. PCT $1 

Music: 
SamulNorl 

UEO 
8pm. MCA 

CA 517; F/S & Sr 515; 
Stu $12 

::::::::::-:-::::::':'1 

Localion K ey: 
PClPrice Center 
PCB/Ballroom 
PCC/Cove 
PCP/Plaza 
per {Theatre 
GH/Galbrailh Hall 
PH/Peterson Hall 
SLH/Solis Hall 



Limited time rebate 
from Hewlett-Packard on its 
award-winning HI' 95LX Palmtop PC 
512K versioll. 

With thi s ll -oz M S-L Il powerhouse, you em ana lyze 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lotus@ 1-2-3® spreadshe 'ts, graph r> ults, sort data, a ce5S 
e -m ail, eva luate in l'stment , take not '5, manage your time 
and l a~ksJ or add mor' app li ations like A ! 
I{"b.ll" t;1)<'" un 1''''' h,,><'~ hl'lw",'\l ""M,h I , 1'1'12 
.11ltS ~1oJy I , I Y92 (lllllL' III 'hH"lugl"t y UlI l" til' 
rd',IIl'" III p,'" , 
1",,1 It:-. alld I ~ :S .lrl.' II S I t '.:blt" t·t! t rad. ' IIIH' k::j vr 
I •• t,, ~ II" Vt, lul""" "t t " "1' M S III IS I~ II lJ S 
ft''':I :-. ler,·d l,.a~ I l.'III.1 1 k ",. J\11t IlI!'\oull ( 'lIrp 

rll~ H E W LETT 
~~ PAC KARD 

1·!J·fi)'~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 
ELECTRONICS D EPART M E NT 534 - 4320 
OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

Thunday, April 2, 1992 

FRATERNITY RUSH CALENDAR 
Ben ~:L<I> ~T~ FIJI <l>~e <l>K8 nK<D LAE LAM LX LN :L<l>E :LO ZBT 

Monte Carlo Subway ars Pizza Meellhe Meellhe Inlormallon P'lza wllh Pizza and Ma'bu Meet In 'n' Out Damn Glad Casino Ntgh! Pizza 
ThUrs. Noght Ntghl Ntghl Islanders PhiS Ntghl lhe P, Kaws BEFR Grand Pn. Ihe SIGS ' Ntghl to Meet You and Night Ocean.,ew CSB003 IOpm Mtn Voew Ocean Voew Revel Pnce Clr Shdeshow and Old Tnton Mu~ Price Clr Barbeque Roundtable 
4/2 Terrace 6pm Lounge Lounge Lounge Gameroom Pelerson Hall In 'n' Out Pub Ha"dome Cove 7pm Warren Price Ctr 6 IOpm 830pm 8pm 7 m 57pm 7pm 7pm 6-9pm Lounge Bmombal Commons 6pm 

430pm UTC t,pm 7:30-11pm 
Meet the Gta 's Pizza Hypnotist FIJI Frday Sunsel Round Table Malobu Hypnotist Hypnotist CilSIno Pizza H. the Lane! In 'n' Out Sunset Fri. Betas Ntght Show Fesllval Batbcque Pizza Nlghl Grand P"x Show and Pizza Noght at the w.h the Warren at the MIn Voew Price Ctl 8pm Ocean Voew Phi Delt Pnce Ct l Raceways Soils HaM Ntght Price Ctr Clills Sig Eps Commons Clills 4/3 Lounge 3rd FIoo, Lounge Hou , n- Miramar 7pm Warren Cove 4'3Opm Clairemont 7:30pm Revelle Ftn, 6 Wpm Room 8 59pm 4 30pm 6 Lec1ure Han 6-9pm Bowl VII9iIS T rll 6pm 

6pm 200 t 7pm 8:30pm lOpm 
Betas Blaell a Lasagna AUasph re Phi Dell Moeklalls Haroor Moekta~s BroombaN Beach Sports Day Beach No Semi-Formal Sat. Sports Day While D.,ner Warren Sports Day Tnest ' Cruise Semi Formal UTC Barbeque LJ Shores Day Event Dinner LJ Shores Dale Dance and Social East Field & Batbcque LounQ<! 911pm Pnce elf 8pm W Shores l1am W Shores Scheduled 1111'1 Center 4/4 t -6pm Dena Sig TBA 123pm Mu. North • I,p,,- Cove ,t-2pm "am Sorfy, We're 6:30pm Hoose FlCid I 5pm in Vegas 

8pm 12 Jpm 
Beta Steak Mahbu .. I uen Shark Fry Brunch wllh Games Pool Party Shells and Mama Broanbal Sun. ' Wombat D"mer Grand Pn, No Chapler Revell<. Day No No and Slices RigoIi-s Event Olmer Ihe P, Kaws Event UTC Noght Warren Raceways Fleio SAE House Event Barbeque Price Glr SpagheIIi Meet al 4/5 TBA Commons Miramar ScIleduled Inri Center 123pm 101230pm tpm Scheduled ScIleduled TBA Gameroom Muir Revelle Fin, 6pm TBA Seml,Formal t1 :30am 7pm Halldome 9:30pm 6pm 6-9pm 
Beta Calun Fish NCAA Nol tor Famlfy Fun Pelsonal Spaghetll Casino Steak Hoops NCAA Domino's vs NCAA Mon. B,Mlards Fry Champon- College Days Cenler Night Int8/\/Iews Noght Noghl Nrght and Champion- Cigars Roundable Champion-

Tournament LJ Shores sh" Alone Meet allhe Inri Center 6-8pm Pnce Clr TBA Hypnotist ship with SigEp Tasle T85I ship 4/6 Pnce Clr 4pm Noght PrICe Ctr Sun God Conlelence Cove 6pm Old Tnton TalX) Bel House PC Davis! Pnce Ctr F'n Gamercom TBA Gallery A 6pm Room 5pm Pub Sigma Nu 8pm RiYerside rm 5pm 
6-10pm 7. IOpm TBA 6-9pm House 5pm 8:30-'lpn 
Stnkes DlOner at Mocktall Java MagIC and Movoe wnh Malrbu Alumni Happy Hour Grab a Bile Live Band 'STUDS' Tues. and lhe Dena Sig Semi Formal and Video No the PIKaws Grand P". Event, MIxer Price Ctr with lhe Nigh! yon. Hall Spares House InVite Only Jazz Ocean Voew Event Price CII Raceway TBA Price Clr Gameroom SigEps 'Tum- 2722 4/7 Clalremont 6pm 8pm Beans Lounge Scheduled Theatre Miramar Cow 5pm TBA ~ 7pm Bowl 7 tOpm 6pm 6-9pm 7pm 7-,Opm InI1 Center 911pm 7:30-11 pm 
Beta Pizza Final Evenl Chaptel InternatIOnal Borlwe Inllile InV11e Prelerentlal :~ SOCIety Wed. Barbeque No Noghl at Evenl MeetlOg DlOner and Only Only Dinner Blliards LJ Shores Event PrICe Clr SIOIlehenge TBA 6-9pm Price Glr Barbeque Dinner Dinner TBA own SIj)s Pnce Ctr 4/8 6 tOpm TBA , Scheduled Gatlery A Mandalory Coye LJ Shores Inrt CentM Ind!lil & Fountain TBA 710pm 6pm 7pm 6pm 6pm Ted's: PC 7pm Gllmeroom 

Thurs. Invlle Only Prelerenllal Prelerentlal Prelerentlal Inv~e Only Prelerence Pntterenhal BIrbequt Pal1y DlOner No DlOnel No Donner Party Nrgfll D ... ner No No No withlhe No TBA Invlle Only hent TBA Event PeklOg TBA SAE House 7pm Ellent Event Event Bros Ellert 4/9 TBA Scheduled Scnedulcd Palace III 5pm Scheduled ScIleduled Scheduled Invile Only Scheduled UTC 
TRA 

Thursday, April 1, 1991 

APPEAL 
, ConIMIued from ..... 8 

tal)' fonn of fee system. where stu-
dents were not compelled to pay. 
Caso explained thal the appellants 
"are not arguing that you can' t fund 
the bookstore. On the other hand, 
when it comes to student polilical 
groups ... you cannot use that money 
for those purposes. Those are purely 
political purposes_" • 

Members of the UCSD LGBA 
are wonied about the possible out-
come of the case. "To lose an orga-
nization like ours would be a big 
detriment to the university," said 
LGBA Financial Director Samuel 
Massey. "College is more than just 
learning out of a textbook," 

LGBA member Trey Butlersaid 
the issue boils down to "whether 
you believe that diversity or homo-
geneity is the overriding factor" in a 
university. "You don't want asoci-
ety that i prohibiting debate," he 
added. 

BUDGET 
ContInued from I-ae 8 

". think everyone understands 
we're in tough times ... we all have 
to take the brunt of it," Orozco said, 
noting that thus far students have 
suffered the most from fee increases. 

Orozco said the effects on stu-
dents can already be seen, espe-
cially in the decrease in diversity of 
the student body statewide. 

Shaw also said he believes fac-
Ulty salary increases, panicularly 
those based on merit, can be halted 
without compromising the quality 
ofthe faculty. "Where are [profes-
sors) going to go?" Shaw asked, 
noting that the recession has made 

Cas<> has high hopes forthe Cali-
fornia Supreme Court's review. 
"The fact thal they have taken the 
case: up of course gives us great 
optimism, [but) if they don't over-
turn the lower court decision, we're 
not Ihrough here yet We can go to 
lhe U,S. Supreme Court," he said. 

The anomey for the UC Regents, 
Mark Himet lein, had a different 
opinion. "There has yet to be a deci-
sion anywhere in the country that 
has overturned fees like this," he 
said. Heibel also disagreed withCaso 
on the meaning behind the court's 
agreeing to look at the case. "Every 
court in the review process has said 
this is proper, • don 'I think that this 
says [the Supreme Coun is) willing 
to change anything_" 

The coun will probably review 
IheappeaJ in October,butadecision 
may not be delivered until June, 
1993. After the decision, an appeal 
to the U_S, Supreme Coun is almo t 
a cenainty and that could tie up the 
case for several years. 

academic jobs extremely scarce. 
However, according to Lassiter, 

further administrative and faculty 
cuts would destroy the qualiry of 
UC education, 

"[Faculty) salaries are three to 
four percent behind the national 
average for c'omparable institu-
tions," Lassiter said. Salary reduc-
tions would compromise quality 
because "we compete for the very 
best [professors)," he added. 

Also, further administrative cuts 
are unlikely because the adminis-
tration budget has already been re-
duced by 10 percent over the past 
two years, and the budgel for lhe 
Office of the President has been c ut 
35 percent, according to Lassiter. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 13 

The Division of tntema~ooal Progroms Abroad offers academic programs in 
Australia, CsechosIovakia, England, france, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, 

Poland, ond Spain 
for 0 semester, a year, 01' a summer of study abroad_ 

for more information, p\eose contod 
Syracuse University Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Euclid A_. Syracuse. NY 132444170 - 1-800-235-3472 

-----------------------------------I SEND TODAY fOR OUR CATALOG I I 
I 1 Nome' _______________________________________________ ___ 
1 - 1 
I Address I 
I City State Zip 1 
1 I I Phone I 
I School I 

1 
: SYRACUSE UNMRSITY DMSION OF INTERNAnoNAL PROGRAMS ABROAD I 
1 119 Euclid Avenue, Syracuse, New York 132444170 1-800-235·3472 CM 1 L _____ __ _ _______ _ _______ _____ _ __ ____ ~ 

AIM FOR 
SUCCESS 
19'.**1+1111 ;'t"UH tC!tlWI 
PREP C LASS START D ATES: 

GRE: A PRIL 27 
LSAT: MAY 4 

GMAT: MAY 1 1 
MCAT: JULY 6 

olmN 
~OUCAT I ONAl GROUP 

(61 9)587-8600 
• TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT 



14 SPOR.TS 

The/ 
Swimwearin 

San Diego! 
Pacific Beacb 
4627 Mission Blvd. 
Parllillg ill reor 
Opel' /().6 et.lIf)wy 
MissiOll Beacb 
3m Mission Blvd. 
Parking ill reor 
Opell /().6 ewf)'day 
Y We also carry n-cups, 
D-D cups, aJUI padded 
push up ""derwlres 

I"'~"···-· 4l!t~j)~ i_ 
.1 00/0 :~':SI"I: ~ . ~ ... 
L E.<p.~ I '" j c::a ----------~-...:....------.::...-=~ 

grove 
Associated Students 

NOW SERVIN 
ALL COF 
DRINKS 
IN THE 

co ffe 
ucso I UCS'\ Crofts Center 

'" 

GROVE ESPRESS 

HOURS: 
M - Th 8:00 - 4:00 

Fri. 8:00 - 4:00 

Putting You and Your Liberal Arts Degree to Work 

• 
sponsored by the UCSO Alumni Associ.ion, 

!he Departmenc of Sociology, !he Panhel~nic AHoclation, 
and lhe Inlerfrillemity Council 

The UCSD Guardian 

TUIl"'" .. S200 
.... S6S ... unll. 
Tuition 10 rht 
..... ro. ... tdmu 
and non .... tdtnu 
oI.heSt.oI 
CaIJooD& 
S-......... ha,·. 
IflKtai foes. 

June 29-*,,,, 21 
Main Session 

June 15-Aupst 21 
Language WorUhops 

DO YOU SUFFER FROM: 

.. /«......, 
s-._ 
n..,.......tw 
OCs..w., 

....,.CA~710 
1'101 Ml·MII 

ALLERGIES??? 
Volunteers with nasal allergies/nasal stuffiness (hay fever) 

needed for research study comparing two allergy medications. 
All testing, examinations and study medications are 

FREE 
Qualified subjects will be 
paid $100.00 

for complete participation (4 visits over 2 weeks). 
Call Janet or Dianna 

436-3988 
Warren W. Pleskow, M.D. 

Boston University 

Explore the World 
Through Study Abroad 

Inte ............... 
London. £n&Imd 

Paris, Franto 
ydney.~a 

Washinpon, D.C. 

s __ ......... 
Greece. London, Madrid, Mona<ID, ~ Paris. 

Sydney, l.1SSIVBacm Burope. ~. D.C. 
fW_ ~_p1t,..~ _ ..... I." 

...... ........., ............ ....... 
232lhy Sa .. Rood. Do.JR. &.con, MA 02215 617/353-9181 

1 N.mc __________________ _ 
1 A~r~, __________________ __ 

1 Clty ________ ".... Z,p, _____ _ 
Phon<' L-J CoIkc</UnlV<nCy ________ _ 

1 Summer a Fall a Spnnc a 19_ I ................ ~,..... s-....,-. 
I a London a G",noblc a o..~ a Gm:cc a I'>dova a USSR. I 
I P.m a H .. f. a ......... a London a p.,ft a W .. htn ...... ydntoy a Moldnd a Modnd a Sydney I 

~~~~--~~---~~~------~ 

Thunday, April 2, 1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules 8IId Replations: 

• Sec> n.UNny ON AN 8 1/2- IV II- SHEET OF 
,MEa ALONO wmt YOUI NAME. YEAa IN S('HOOt... 
HOMETOWN. CClLl.B:iE YOU A~DAT UCSD. IWAJOIl . 
AND _ NU".EIl TO: s.am Eonoot. UCSD 
au....,. ..... 9~ Gil ....... [lI""" 0316. LA JOU.A. 
CII 92093~316. YOOCAN ALSOIlIOO /TOR"N m. 
SroaTS Eorroa' s lOX AT THE G U .... RDlAN OFFM:L 
l.OCATEO INntE STlJOEHTCENTEa . ACIOSS FIlOMTItF. 

OYM. 
·Au. UCSD ST\IOEHl'S • .,.""' . .. 0 FA~ULTT 

AU EUO.Il..fTO EHTEA. EXCEI'"r fOR GuAaDIAN STAR' 
.......... AND EMP\.OVUS or 8J's CHICAOO PIZZf· 
I.A, 

-THE P"EItSON WHO roME5 UP WrTH THE MUST 
coua:r ANSwu.S. AS OEl"EaMINED IY THE JUOGES. 
WU H. DECLAlED nlE CMND "IlE W1NPoIEa AND 
wu .e Recoo",,1ZED .ltEN ntE QUIZ IS NI:orrED nfE 
POlU)WlNO wE£K. IN nit EVENT OF A TIE., It ott" WINO 

~'I.L IE HELD TO O£TOtMINE THE WaNNER. THoSE 
CQIlI:£CT ENTIIES NOT SE1.EC1ID AS THE OlAND NIZE 
WIfirll"U WILL IE ('()NSIOO.EO I UNN ElS-iJP. 

.()N-L y ~£ E.IrlnY PO PUSON I'U QUIZ. No 
MASS-PRODUCED EN""ES WILL IE ACCE"'fED. ENTltIES 
"4lIST IE AT THE GUAJtDIAN IY NOON WEDNESDAY. 

-THE ORAND " .. 7.£ WINNER WIU RECEIVE A FREE 
""'NEIl FOIl TWO AT 8J's CIIICAOO P'ZZEJl'A. R UN· 
NW-lJ' WILL ItECEIVE A FaU m'CtiEa. Of MtcHELOil 
DaAFTIWl.D<lSOOA. AT BJ· • • LOCATmI LAJOI.lA 
VILLAOE 5QuAIlE. A LIST Of A.U. WINNERS WIU IE 
I"OSTED AT 81's EACH WEEK AND WINNERS NEED TO 
SHOW lOEN'T'IF1CATlON TO ClAIM PIlIZU. 

This week's questions: 
1. Which NCAA teams will play 
in the 1992 men's Final Four? 
2. Where will the NCAA men's 
Final Four be held.? 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
United States Olympic basketball 
team? 
4. Which active NCAA Division I 
men's basketball coach has the high-
est winning percentage in tourna-
ment history? 
S. What is the nickname of 
Buffalo's NHL team? 
6. Who is the general manager of 
the San Diego Padres? 
7. WhatNBAteamdidKentucky's 
Rick Pitino coach before taking over 
the Wildcats? 
8. Which third baseman did the 
Padres recently acquire from the 
Milwaukee Brewers? 
9. What is the mascot of the Uni-
versity of Cincinnati? 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD softball team? 

w. POLO 
ConIInued from .,...19 
Wednesday of spring break and have 
had six "really hard days of work-
out." 

Harper said thaJ"Hell Week" for 
UCSD has included lifting weights 
yesterday before its match with 
SDSU. The Tritons usually don' t 
lift on the days of lheir malches, 
Harper said. 

The intense workouts are in-
tended to prepare UCSD for the 
Western QuaJiflC8lion tournament 
coming up at the end of April, ac-
cording to Harper. 

"We really pride ourselves on 
being in great shape," he said. 

The Guardian 

11wn6ay, Apri12, 1992 

BITS 
ContInued ........... 20 
championship over Duke in 1986. 

As for their opponent. if you 
picked Cincinnati in the office pool, 
kudos to you. You chealcd. 

" For those of you mad about 
Bobby Knight lugging a whip 
around practice. check out the photo 
of him in the April I edition of the 
San Diego Union-TribUlU!. 

He's got a bal. 
" Mike Francesa is really big. Pat 

O'Brien is really lick. AI Maguire 
is really old. 

" Hard to believe the Padres are 
exciled about Kurt Stillwell . 

" Who the hell was responsible 
for Alvaro Espinoza's $1 million 
contJaCt? 

" Part of the problem with the 
Major League Baseball structure is 
that the minimum salary is $1 09,000. 

Baseball owners take minimum 
wage seriously . 

" Oops. Bill Mazeroski's Base· 
ball '92 picked So Jackson as the 
AL Comeback Player of the Year. 

" Who said Mike Tyson wasn't 
sorry? During his sentencing. he 
said: ''I'm sorry Ms. Washington 
took it personally ..... 

And his lawyers wanted him free 
on appeal? (It lakes real courage 10 
make fun of a 225-pound fonner 
heavyweight champion of the world 
when he's in prison.) 

" Craig Worthington? Yikes. 

The UCSD Guardian 

I NAIL SPECIALS 

: ACRYLIC $18.99 
I NAI LS Reg. $35 
: Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 
I ~------~ Fills $12 Reg. S 15 • New Clients only I Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 
I Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 

Waxing Starting at $3 I Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 
I 
I _---=-::-::c-::-::-_~!:..-e4_W4_W __ ~1 MEN AND WOllEN 
I 8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 
I next to Burger King 560-0325 " 560-5081 I L No. vlld """ lIlY 0' ..... 011... e<pir ... "6192 --------------------~ 

........ ELECTIONS 
MUIR POSITIONS Available: 
t/ Muir College Council Chair 
t/ Muir Program Board Chair 
t/ Muir Commuter Council Chair 
t/ Commissioner of Records 
t/ Commissioner of Public Relations 
t/ Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations 
t/ Commissioner of Community Development 
~es must pick up an eIec1ion pacIIet and file to run at the Mu~ DeiWl'S Office (HSS 2126). 
8:00 a.m. Ie 4:30 p.m. 1rtonday thl\l Friday. 

DEADLINE TO FILE: MONDAY, APRIL 6,9 a.m. 
'For more inIonnIIon. pII.- cal Knn at 534-3587. 

TJiE ENViRONMENT & YOU: 
Ask LOCAl EXPERTS 

UCSD PRiCE CENTER TJiEATRE 

SPOR.TS 15 

1992UCSD 
UNDERWATER ARTS ALM FESTIVAL 

"Passport to the Sea" 
Presented at: UCSD Price Center 

Auditorium. Saturday, AprIl 11 
:00 13:30 16:00 I 8:30 p.m. 

The "Sun" is always shining at 
3251 Holiday CI. 
#204 Trim & Tan CQ 11 (near UCSO) ........... ,·, .. ;:J'u::Jr; 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

"First l ime clIents only with Ihls coupon 

~~_ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
~all for dalalls • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a tremporary water loss' Reduce celluhle and stretch marks fI------ --, 

1 FREE \e 1 
1 s G 11\ PACCELERATOR 1 
L!!!!!!!!!!!!~==:;:....J __ ~t~s~~ ~.~~ 

Tastefully Elegant 
Chinese Dining 
Dine in and Food to Go 
We serve well-balanced, healthy dishes 
We don't use MSG 
W e Cater All Occasions 

• Weddings 
• Parties 
• Business Meetings 

I When two people dine and ABACUS I 
I. the total purchase exceeds $20.00 3949 Governor Drive I 

6: '0 , 7 p.M. RECEpTioN 7 ' 9 p.M, PRESENTATioNs ANd OurnioNs 
GENERAl AdMi§sioN: S~I STudEN1'S: S' PARkiNG: $2 

FOR RESERVATioNs cAll. ~ H, '900 by ApRil 6 

The Union of Jewish Students is hosting a Pas over 
Seder for all students, faculty, staff, and general public 
in the Sart Diego area. The scrumptous Seder will be 
held at Muir Top Of The Quad Cafeteria on Friday 
evening, April 17, at 7:00 pm. 
Please purchase your tickets for this lovely Kosher Seder 
from the UCSD Office of Religious Affairs by April 9th! 

The Office of Religious Affairs is located at MAAC 
502 (right behing the Price Center). For more 
infonnation, call the ORA at 534-2521. 

Cost Of Seder: 
Event Volunteers· $10 
Students - $15 
College Faculty & Staff • 
General Public - $25 
Please purcbaK your tkkets beCOR! 
AprlJ 9! AI tickets purcbasecl after 
April 9 wiD be an additional $5. 

at Genesee I 
I One coupon per cuslomer. Not valid wilh any other offers. in vons Shopping Center I 

Oine in only. Offer expifeSS/t5l92. 587,1188 L __________________________ ~ 

A 
WELCOMES 

SIX FLAGS 
_Gle MOUNIA'II. 
Mornbof' of the SUt ~LAO. '_mIl" of 

T~rn. P.rke 

AVE 
$11.55 

* FUN DAYS * 
APRIL 4 - 19, 25, 26 

MAY 2, 3, 9, 10, 16, 17, 22 - 25 
PARK OPEN. 10:00 A.M_ 

Loaeteel _ m'nut •• North of Hollv_ood oft ' -5 
.IX FLAca. ___ Tho Thrilling Alt ...... tlv. 

SAVE 
NEARLY 
500/0 

Oil GEII. USE TICKETS 

FAMILY FUN AND 
Don't mi •• the_ favorlte.-

NEW COASTER FOA '.2 VIPER * TIDAL WAVE 
LOG JAMMER * COLOSSUS 

FREEFALL * NINJA 
REVOLUTION * ROARING RAPIDS 

FOR TICKETS CONTACT: 
UCSD Box Office 

Price Center 
534-6467 



J 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Feminine Irrkatlon and kching? Joseph F. 
Kennedy, M.D .. and Harris Clinical Develop· 
ment are testing. new cr .... lor treating 
vaginitiS. Women with symptoms 01 vaginal 
discharge. Irritation. Hchlng. and burning may 
be eligible to pat1icipaJe. Five oIIice visits are 
required during the 5-week study period. A 
complele physical exam Is prOlllded at no 
charge and sludy-relaled care Is Iree. Those 
~ting the study wil be paid $ISO. For 
lur\het Inlormation. call Pippa Taylor RN at 
(619) <455-7520 between 9 a.m. and <4 p.m. 
Monday through Friday. (319--4/16) 
Help .. ve the california 0Men1 Come 10 a 
calli. Senate Hearing on Saturday, April •. In 
Palm Deseft. Bus chartered from San Diego 
($12 lor gas). S:3O am.-6 p.m. Your pres-
ence is needed to show support for this 
Important bill. 6 yean In the building. A new 
national parI\ and wilderness areas wi" re-
sun. saving species and beauty. 486--4025 to 
reserve space, or lUI your own car. (~) 

Adopt·A-*tIft Elderproject. An assistance 
eHort 01 donaled items and lood to the Dinah 
tribe which Is being forced to resist reloca-
tion_ Donate by April <4 or April 17 (ltansporl 
days). 2n-0991 Alliance lor SurvivallBig 
Mountain Support Committee. (3130--412) 
Bike across the USA this summer - Raise 
money lorGrassroolS Development! call Bike 
Aid '92. 415--431....ao. Local contact 274-
5506. You can do It! Memories will last lor-
aYetl (3130-419) 
Don' miss llIe Mardi GraslBatlle 01 tile Bands 
April 4th, this Saturday t2-4:3O p.m. In the 
Ma\thewscul-de-sac. Food. games. vendors. 
funl (3130--412) 
The nuclear power Industry Is pressuring the 
SO City Council 10 pass a resolution In faYOf' 
of the Wild Valley site lor a nudear waste 
dump. Call or write MayorO'Connor and your 
own Council memberl Ward Valley Is the 
WRONG SITE, close to the Colorado River. 
& outdated technology Is proposed (shallow 
earthen. unlined Itenches which have lailed 
In tile pasl). These wastes will remain dan· 
gerous lor tens 01 thousands 01 years. City 
Hall. 202C St., SO 92101. Alliance lor Sur-
vivallor Inlo. 277-0991 . (412-416) 

Dluert.tlon Worlllhop •. Complete your 
dissertation. Forwrinen inlormation orsched· 
ullng. call 692-0966. Postgraduale group. (31 
30-61<4) 
ALPHA KAPPA PSI. the nation'Slargestbusl-
ness organization Is lOoking lor enthusiastiC 
men and women to panicipate in SPRING 
RUSH. More at our inlormation tables In the 
Price Cenlel. (3130-412) 
Spaces available lor I-Club', DllMYland 
Trtp. Apr. 11. 530 includes edmission and 
transportation. Inlo: 457-2184. (412-416) 

:. Athlet~ __ ~ 
~C;; ,Cyclery 
( '~r ,s,- - - - - - , ~ " TUNE-UP ~h '. SPECIA. L I $ 99 I _~f 17 req. S35 I 

I 'nr-ludp\ (ny" rprrn.,l: \ frpp ..... hppl I 
~11".tnd"l,r· <;nl~('nT ' Adu<;'I"Ppn' rt I "f',t:\ '. brd~!'~' r,llror lru'nq 0' I 

L ~f':"~I~:! I:: ~~n:..J 
Sales· Accessories· Repairs 

-lHO Ge~~sse~ Ave # 1 0;' 
San Dlegon Llbrrl, Plil/,l 
27 7 .8255. Open daily 10' 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in /5·word increments_ The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
tudefllS (for personal use ollly). $3 forfaculty and staff. alld $4 for others. Paymellt 

ill advance is required; therefore , ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presenfed ill person. Deadlilles are 3 p .m_ Thursday for 
Monday's issue. and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right 10 refuse any advertising illc/uding hut nOf limited to companionship ads. For 
more illformation call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive. 0316. Lolol/a. CA 92093·0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topftoor. 

LAWYERS .. LOVE with their careers lell 
PHI ALPHA DELTA Pre-law co-ed lratemky 
how todo ill Rush PAD this Ouarter and enjoy 
.. eakly meetings. speakers. parties. valu-
able inlormation & guidancel lnlonight: Tues-
day. April 1<4. Galbralth Hall 11 IS. Call 534· 
4726. <4115 Speaket: CSBA President! (412-
4113) 

How would you like to spend yOUt summer 
vacation In a loreign country? Come to the 
summer opportunities into session. Thurs-
day. April 2nd. 1:30 p_m. International Center 
Conference Room. (4/2) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: HeIwt pendant In WlH. To claim, CIfI 
x44330 and descrtle. Ask lor Doug. (3130-4.'6) 

SERVICES 
Parvaneh's Skin Care - Facials. waxing, 
lasn lints. permanent eyeliner. 10% OFF 
with ad. Ar1~iciaI and Natural nails. manicure 
and pedicures by Ashley. 10% OFF wfth ad. 
Natural nails & pedicures by Rebecca. 10% 
OfF witt! ad. Call tor appointment. Tanglel 
Salon. Renaissance Centre. 552-11 74. (31 
20-514) 

Word ProcesslnglTyplng: Acadernic manu-
scripts. papers. thases. lelters. resumes. 
Accuratellast service. Mary Ann 452-9<439. 
(213-4121 

ASPIRIN won't cu,e thai 
"HIGH COST OF 

COLLEGE EDUCATION" 
headache ... 

but 
Financial Aid Resources 

will! 

Serving college freshmen. sopho-
mores, and juniors, FINANCIAL 
AID RESOURCES is a unique 
new computerized service that 
provides almost every college stu-
dent with 6 to 25 sources of fi -
nancial aid geared to his or her 
individual interests. qualifications. 
and needs. 

Cost II only $6i 
Relults .... gu .... ntHd. 

FINANCIAL AID RESOURCES 
-I"~ sen';rt ."0" call', aJlord IJOI IO Ul(' , 

For 'rev and complete infonnation, 
caN 800-659-5538. 

Olga Bali - ElecttoloQist: 1200 to 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court .. S1udent dis-
counts. 558--46441226-1962. (3I3<HlI4) 

PASSPORT PlCTURESI New III Cal Copy. 
Only 15.95. WNIe you wait. Xerox .. .-dmora_ 
Ne. St. Germsin's. 452-9949. (9r'2:l-&'4) 
SUMMER .. EUROPE FROM 1217 MCh 
way on dlscounlad scheduled airlines to Eu-
rope lrom SAN DIEGO. Call (800) 325-2026. 
(3130-416) 
Need help putting together a proIesaIonaI 
looking resume? SIudInt rau_NI'YIce Is 
a student run organization that can create a 
resume lor you based on the formal recom· 
msnded by Fortune 500 recruiters lor only 
$10. Overnight service available. C8It Peler 
at 453-7570. (3fS.4I2) 

VIOUNNIOLA LESSONS. You or your 
child(ren) can learn Irom an experienced. 
professional teacher. Now accepting studenta 
- all ages lind levels wetcome. Cal Conrad: 
552-0494. (3130-6141 
WordPlOC8llliv'T~Acarterric~ papers, __ IetIIn. ,...,.., ~811 
S8n1iat. ~ Am 452-9439. (Y-JO-4I3O) 

Word Processing - papers. resumes. let-
ters. thesas. manusc~s. elc. Laser quality 
printing. ProoIrl!l8dlspel1check. Rush service 
and tree campus pick up/delivery available. 
$2/OS page. Fast. reliable service. Sharon 
481 ·7604. (3130-412) 

DO YOU HAYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibod ie 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus earn up 

to $100 per week . 

Please call 
MD LABORATORIES 

226·1733 

plan"" 

BIO TECWHIGH TECH are the aners 01 the 
future il San Diego. VIWiad degrNS needed. 
UtIIze my 10 y..s e!ip8l'lsnoe.-d contacIs to 
locus your f1IIUI'IIItolhe~pnon il the right 
compIrly. GET THAT INTERVIEW. Cal 634-
0978_ (3130-419) 
FINANCING A HIGHER EDUCATION_ Cal 1-
~11404-0088 xil87210r Iree ~ No obi-
galion. (3130--4123) 

COMPUTER RENTAl SPECtAll Complete 
IBM ~ ~ tyIIIm with 30MB 
IWd OrNe snd aoIIwIn. Frw .....,inddlllv-
ery. $SO per month. 0avId80n Comrruliat-
1ionI-..e5-9004. (412~) 

FOR SALE 
BACKPACK. Gregory InIemaI flame. siZI M. 
~concI. $120. 25IHI607. Jenny. (:v.JO--4I2) 

# 
:Jlowers & 9f!s 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

San Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

Th~y,Apri12,1992 

Hewlett Pad<aId 28S graphic sc:ierI*caIcUa-
tor. Perlorms darivaIMIs, Integrals. Manuals 
1nc:aJded. $100 obo. Chril455-5e91 . (l'9-4I6) 
Airline ticket! Roundtrip to Sacramento lor 
Easter weekend. $60-Heath at 452-9130. (31 
30--416) 
IBM 386SX computet, 2 meg RAM, I.44M 
1Ioppy. 2 serial. 1 parallel pon. game pon. 80 
meg Seagale Harddisk, monochrome moni-
tor and adapter. mini tower case. 101 key. 
board. Alt lor only $7491080. cost 51900. 
Call Was 453- I 103. (3130 ..... 6) 
IBM 386DX-25 compuler. 2 meg RAM. t .2M 
floppy. 2 serial. 1 parallel pon. game pon. 
135 Meg IDE Harddisk, super VGA and NEC 
multisyncmonitor. lOt Keyboard. Windows. 
DOS and Word IOf Windows. All lor only 
$1249/OBO.cost $29OO_CalI Wes453·1 103. 
(3130-<616) 

Real IBM 286C01\'1lUter. 2.5 Meg RAM. 8Orneo 
hatddIsk. 2 serial. 1 pnIleI port. game port. 
VGA Ir.1PhIcs card. 1 01 keyboard. Allor oriy 
$5491080. Call Wea 453-1103. (3130-412) 

US Robotics HSR dual standard modem 
barely used with V _321HST/1 Uk baud. Only 
56991OBO. cost $1300. CaIIWes453-1103. 
(3/30-412) 
GRE·BIO STUDY BOOKS. New. no wriling. 
includes sample tests. Selling 40% book-
store price. Alice 546~198. (3130-4121 
Yamaha DX-7 FM synthesizer. Hot instru-
ment COfI1IIeI' with RAM cartridge and ped-
als. Only $799. Cost $2300. Call Wes 453-
1103. (3130--412) 
FOR SAlE: Friendly gray netherland dwarf 
rabbit. 3 month. old . .... necessities included, 
535_ 558-2434_ (4/2-418) 

Oakley Motambo sunglasses. blue. good 
condition. retail $ 125, asIOOg $75080. Mitch-

ell"58~176. Callaat. (412-419) 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
"Ilh pu,,:hil~ofSIO urmofl' 
'01. \lhcJ With lny tither utf\-'1. 
Exp. ~S'92 • "ll'eDdh .. r World Wide' 

Get Aboard the M~ favorite travel ~nC'J trams, ALL OUR TRAVEL CONSULTANTS 

Computer Rental Special 
for 

UCSD Students 
We deliver and et up a Complete IBM Compatible Computer System 
including Hard Drive, Monitor and all kinds of so ftware. Plus the 
best ongoing support and in the business (just ask one of the 
many sfudents fhat rented us last quarter). 

465-9004 

........ !~ :"T"I""1.rt .. ~~ T 

j i.4 t-' Ii j.=:,j i'V ___ . _ _ __ 1 . 
U)MMUNlCKIIONS 
7227 "'-""tK ~ 2CU 
"- ar-, ./:A '1'" 
(.l')~ 

FNC(.1'~ 

automo-
biles ARE MATURE, RELIABLE 

8Dd IIWI1 AND EXPERIENCED 
other .. .,.01 

pttiDc 
III'OUDd and • Fast, Attentive Service 
pttinjr .... ,. 

e Competitive Fares on Non..Qfficial Travel 
can be found 

• Free Ticket Delivery in the 
Guardian 

cl ... iJieds. LOCATED .lUST OFF CAMPUS 
Come Me ua, IEHIND EL TORITO AND ELEPHANT BAR 
upatainio 8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, '1212 
the Student 

c.aw .... La Jolla, CA 92037·1705 
the 0--.1 Call (619)558'()184 

..... 

Th~y,Apri12,1992 

1990 JS 550 Kawasaki Jetski. immaculate 
cond inJou\. Must sell quid<. $2900 OBO. 
Fred. 455-1678. (412) 
Almost new Motiv Mountain Bike. Recent 
tune-up, tires. etc_ Sell cheap, cheap. carl 
Fred 455-167S. (412) 
Harold & Maude enthusiasts. Your fantasy Is 
here! 1968 Cadillac Hearse .. /casket lor sale. 
Beautiful condition . $5000. Paul 2n -8262. 
(412) 

Bike-l0speed Fuji Regis - great. $1250r 
best (25 inch). 455-9678. (412) 
New Schwinn exercise bike. Paid $300 will 
sail lor $100. FredaI455-1 67S, hurry up. (41 
2) 

t987 VW Fo~. 32K. lull alarm. remote door 
locks, e~celtent engine and body. custom 
made oompeti\ion ready stereo setupl Best 
In SOl Come see and listen I 56200. Call 
David 566·0893. (412) 
Spring Is hete - ride to school. Ten speed 
Schwinn. Older but greal transportation. $45 
080. 453-8036. (412) 

Bed - Twin mat1ress and box spring. Only 
used lor 6 mos. Practically new. $45. 453-
8036. (412) 

TakingChem 140B?Slereochemistrymodel. 
523. Books lor O-Chetn. Chem-6. Calculus· 
2 & Genetics. 546-7830, Sunny. (412) 
Surfboard. Custom. excellent condition. never 
been used. $270 080. Call lor decails. 552· 
0920. (412-4/6) 
Selling: 386 SXl16 Packard Bell. VGA, mo-
dem. mouse. 4 meg RAM. 92 meg hard drive. 
DOS 5.0. Windows. lotus 1·2-3. AmiPro 2.0. 
disks included. 51700 or best. Chris 453-
9617. (4124/6) 

WANTED 
MOdels lor Iree haircuts wantad. carl Rob at 
Essence Salon 453-9477. long hair cuts 
preferred. (3130-412) 
BASS PLAYER NEEDED with variety 01 
musical tastes and willingness to work with 
me on originals: lee, 4SO·9927 . (3130-4/13) 
Roommale lor Spring Quarter wanted. Share 
bedroom with neal & considarale roommate. 
PossIliIity 01 having a single. $25G'mo. (PrIce 
negotiable). SoIanaBeach. 2min. wall tobeach. 
Contact Flaldy: 792-0081 . (3130--4127) 

Warren Sucks: Two outgoing guys lrom War· 
ren looking lor 2to 3 guys from Third or Muir to 
live with in the lIpIIrtmeI.ts ne'" 'fMI. We enjoy 
partying. sports. and somestudying. Don'thesi-
tate, please cal Josh 558-2160 or Petet 558-
1513. Huny -tottery deadline, April 9. (3/30-41 
2) 
Wanted: Clean cui. intelligent. healthy types lor 
TV CXlrT'I1'18fCia. Cal 695-t065_ (3130--412) 

DRUMMER soughl, established seven-plece 
band. gigs, originals. horns. etc. Michae4 <497-
0362. (412-4'9) 
Happy couple Iooki'lg for baby in a private 
adoption-loving home. Cal eves. 944-6039. 
(412-416) 

We're lOoking lor a top lraternity, sorority or 
student organization that would like to make 
$500-$1500 lor a one-week marketing project 
right on campus. Must be organized and 
hard-working. Call Kevin or Rich at (800) 
592-2121. (412-<416) 

HOUSING 
ROOM FOR RENT: F, to share 4 bd 2 ba 
house. lriendlyquiet peopIe.Smi. Irom UCSD 
in Mira Mesa. Laundry. 5230 mo + dep. 1/5 
util 566-0660. (3/12-416) 

Share 3 BR house Crown PoinVPacilic Beach 
wlmale Poli Sci gradllawyerand lemale busi-
ness person. Retaxed environs. but no in-
door smoking. $360 + usuals. Dan 272-5886. 
(3130-412) 
BeaAifulIumished room in private home. non-
smoker. $370. university City. Depositrequired 
- Male. 453-6803_ (3130--412) 

HousamaIedesperately needed. Close to cam-
PUS. wasller/dryer only. $3OOImo + 112 utilities. 
Gall 453-5235. (3130-419) 

u.ge privaleroom. private bath. balcony, ocean 
view. laundry. fully equipped kitchen. 1 112 
miles to UCSD. 100 yards from ocean. $475 + 
116 utilities. Non-smoker. 454-0622. It's the 
perfect room. (3130-419) 

Spectacular ocean view. great location. Large 
private room. private bath in La JoIa Shores. 
Laundry. kitchen, storage, yard, balcony. $475 
+ 116 utilities. 454-0622. (3/30-416) 

Female roommate wanted to share furnished 
mas\et bedroom for spring quarter. Close 10 
C8/1lXls. pooI.jacuzzi. washer/dryer. $2801mo_ 
includes utilities. 587~1B8. (3130-4/2) 
LaJolIa, share 2 bedroom. One block 10 beach: 
400+200 Deposit: 112 utilities. 459-6133. (3/30-
412) 
Condo for renl B860 Vila La J:JIa 131S. 558-
6956. 2 bdrm. 2 bath. W~. lui kjchen 

~pocjtemis.2ga-agespaces.security 
bldg. Avaj. May I . Onfy S935\m_ (Y.104I2) 

EMPLOYMENT 
INVEST YOUR RENTl2 bedroom, 1.25 bath 
condo lor sale In the La Jolla Terrace oorn-
plex. Pools, jacuzzi, easy walk to campus. 
$139.900, Ownet/agent. 558-2640. (4124/6) 
PART TM OR FUlLllIotE, $1000-$30001 
month. We train you. Fun & exciting atm0-
sphere. Help us help the planet's environment 
Gall for appoinltnent. 587-0965. (412-4113) 

Homemallers wanted. Earn 5S00+ a week. 
For details sand a SASE to FUTURE EN-
TERPRISES. P.O. BOX 15349. San Diego, 
CA 92175. (3112-4120) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER OPPORTUNITY 
- camp W.yns NE PA (3 hrslNYC) ooun-
salor/specialist positions - all landiwater 
spons. camping. computers. A&C, radio. 
Write us at 55 Channel Drive. Port Washing-
Ion. NY 110SOorcalI516·883·3067. (2127-41 
30) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! Many positions. 
Great benefits. Call (805) 682-7555_ Ext. P-
33S7. (412-4127) 

COME WITH US THIS SUMMER! 

WlOlfro 

ESA·ABROAD 
A SUMMER STUDY PROGRAM 

C. .1111111 0_ bmI·_ 
,... Brat iIIIlia It rasoPli 

.-11 YI en .. creIIt! 
CHINA 

• EGYPT 
• WASHINGTON DCI 

LON. 
• GERMANY • ENGWD/FlWtCE: 
• JAPAN 
• MEXICO 
• RUSSIA 
• SPAll • IIDIA 

Q 

OlYMPIC RDESS 
ANDNmmDN 

• LON./PARIS: 
FASHION 

fir fREE IN. .11 
IPMIIIPIiI ill ita cal: 

7250 Mesa College Drive 
San Diego. California 92111 (818) 827·2882 

The UCSD Guardian 

Research intetn to best·selling author Why 
Men Are The Way They Are. Intern program 
credit (1 0+ hrSiWk). Excellent resaarch skills. 
knowledge 01 Word Perfect. JuniorlSenior. 
3.0 min. Dr. Farrell . 753-2436. (3/30-412) 

An inrl lorex brokerage needs PT 1FT sales. 
High commission & salary. B~ingual ptelerred. 
Call Terry Tsang 268-8768. (3130-419) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 
52.000+lmonth + world travel (Hawaii. Mexico, 
the Carribean. elc.). Holiday. summer and ca-
r8erer!'4)loyment available. No experience nec-
essary. For ~ment program caill -206-
545-4155 eld. C4SO. (3130-614) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIP in-
terviews now taking place. Gain valuable expe-
rience managing all aspecIS 01 a successful 
business_ Average gross profit $ t 1.287. last 
chance lor interviews_ TRIPLE • A' STlJDENT 
PAINTERS FOR INFORMATION. 1-800-394-
6000. (:.JI3()-.W) 

Athletic types. Aggressive. competitive indi-
viduals needed to help run new oornpany. 
Part-time and full -lime positions available. 
Positive anitude and neat appearance a must. 
(619) 483-1340. (3130-419) 
Sale.: Fast growing markeling lirm repre· 
senting FinellaI'M looking lor outgoing. ener-
getiC people lor day. evening. and weekend 
hours to join our sales team. Solt. easy. 
casual sale. High income and growth poten -
tial. FTIPT. EOE. (800) 323 -7559. (4/2) 
Gain work ei<p8rlence in UKllnlemship oppor. 
tunities in London or Cambridge. INSTEP In-
ternship program inlo session in Intemalional 
Center Conlerence Room. Monday. April 6th. 
11 am.-12 noon. Don·t miss ouli (412) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and Cruise-
ships. Students also needed Christmas. 
Spring and Summer lor Amusemenl Park 
employment. Call (805) 682-7555. Ext. F· 
3t47. (412-4127) 

ALASKA JOBS ex. $1 OOO+lWk. airfare. Fish-
ing, Educalion. & more. Weekly info. Secure 
job or 100% relund. $9.95_ Alaskemp Box 
1236-AP Corvallis. OR 97330 (412) 

PERSONALS 
COOL TYE DYES_ Custom made shins and 
wallhangings with Ihe colors and designs you 
pick. $10·$15 per shirt. I will also TEACH you 
the art_ Call Clint 549·2768. (319--4/6) 
M<rdi Gras13attie 01 the Ba1ds this saturday 12-
4:30 p.m. il the MaIthews cul-de-sac. (3/JO-4I2) 

Inlemational House is a IJeaI cros&<lJIILrai living 
opportunity! AppIicalions lor 1992193 avaialJle at 
Pepper Canyon and Intenational Center (.ks" 
Srs. . Gtads.). Due Apt 21 . (3I30-4I20) 

John B. the Motorcycle Babe. Did you move my 
scooter during linals week? Pink Mama. (412) 

ENVIRONMENT: Would you like to improve 
yours? Hear how God's love heals crime. 
haIred. sickness. listen Sundays al 7 a.m. to 
KFMB 760AM RADIO. Chrislian Science 
Broadcasts: 234-1685. (412-419) 
Technology princess. Our true colors are 
recorded: white-grey-brown-green-roo ·blue-
yellow. listen. (4/2) 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies evaluat-
ing medications are available to 
people 18 or older suffering from 
depression. Symptoms includesad-
ness. fatigue. loss of interest in 
daily activities, changes in sleep 
and weight. hopelessness, and 
indecision. Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free medication. lab 
tests, physicals and psychiatric 
evaluations. Small travel pay-
ment offered. Call for a confi-
dential evaluation. 

[E{]aa =~ 554-0100 

.... 

. , " . ;<;'1,1 
, '. , ' :.1 
' .. \ '. r () (j LJ I~ T 

/. 

v 
,-------, 
, Buy a LARGE YOGURT, 
, and get a 

LSMALLYOGURTFREE:J' 
-------

La Jolla Village Center 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr . 

587·9888 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
HAIRC UTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$50 Perm & HairclII or HighlighT & HairCIII 
8950 Villa La 10lla Dr., Ste, 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PL EASE CALL 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Preparc Icn' the ~Julle LSAT 

LSAT 
PREP COURSE 

• Live Lectures • 32 Class HOUTS • 
• Professional Educators • Convenient Locations • 

oorJbri· Free Admission Counseling • LSAT • GMAT • MCAT • GRE 
WL. ' , Bar Review • CPA Review 1W:r-t: wmMr, pr-t:paN!. 

For Information and Registration, Call: (800) 777-EXAM 
a Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Company 

Classes Forming Now! 

........ -

ITS TIME TO FACE 
THE AIDS ISSUE 

THOUSANDS OF COLLEGE STUDENTS 
IN A MERICA 

ARE HIV POSITIVE AND 
THEY DON'T KNOW IT 

Call for your 
HIV HOME CHECK TODAY AT 

1-800-637 -2220 
Sample collection Is in the privacy of your own home. All testing isconfidential. 
The results go only to you. In addition. you'll receive this wallet-sized card 
certifying the date you tested negative. 

HEALTHTEST,III< . 
TNt II to 0IItt"Y .. on: IN ........ lftJ 

Jokalloo 

~------...... -........... -

$24.95 
unassisted 

VI 

This Is a simple and painless ftnger prick procedure which uses FDA approved 
testing (ELISA) methods conducted by a state certified clinical laboratory, 



., 

18 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

E 6 I N E E R s 

Are you 
"" ready it? I G~dua1ion Real li~ A career. II you're ready, gel "'rted at B_ree 

\~\ 
-

EJ\ 

Ours is an environment of. by and for crealive engineers. If you are a 
graduating Electrical Engineer with the dnve to succeed. we'll provide the 
tools to unleash your creativity as well as the freedom to take risks. 
As a result , we have achieved an amazing record of success. Brooktree 
Corporation has achieved a clear, Industry· recognized position as tech-
nology leaders in solving complex technical problems for computer graph· 
ICS, Imaging and ATE systems, For every sharp Image created. there IS a 
sharp Brooktree mind that made It possible 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
Monday, April 20 

Creativity Isn't wi thout Its rewards We o~er a highly competit ive compen· 
satlon and benefits package that Includes stock participation and an 
Employee Bonus Program. 

It all begins wi th you . VISit the Career Services Office between Apnl 6·8 
to request an appointment and to find out more about Brooktree. We are 
an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/HIV. 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 

11,~ is -yow' last ChcUlce! 
Well, maybe not ... 

But ft's still a chance. 
APPLY FOR THE POSITION OF 

ASSOCIATE 
FEATURES EDITOR 

Applications etmisting of a cover letter, clips 
aIXi resuni should re tmned into Jason Snell's OOX in 

the Guardian offices on the second floor of the old 
Student Center by Thursday, Apr. 16, 1992. 

Or mail yom application to: 
The UCSD Guardian 

9500 Gilman Drive 0316 
La Jolla, california 92093-0316 g Brooldree® 

FOR Mon INFORMATION CALL 1134 81180 
Because anywhere else is yesterday. 

The 
GENERAL STORE CO-OP 
has the books for: 

ANTHRO 12 ... BIO 1,2,10,13, 101 , 107, 111, 131,144, 153. 1M, 176 ... 
CHEM 6A-C, 13 143A-c ... LIN G 63.. .LIT 171... 
MMW 3,6 ... MATH 1A-C, 2A-C, 2DA, 2EA, 2F, 4c.. . 
PHIL lo ... PHYSI CS LA-C, 2A-C, 1O ... POLI SCI lO, 12 ... 
PSYCH 1,6, 16, 60,101, 103 104,105 106, 163 ... S0C SCI 60 ... 

... at 10% BELOW 
BOOKSTORE Prices! 

OPEN MON.-FRI. 
8:4& ...... pm 

SHOP co-op AND SAVE! 

There 's a Place for You 
on the Legal Team 

Legal 
Assistant 
Program 

The legal assistant works as part of the legal 
team and plays an important role in the deliv-
ery of legal services. The job responsibilities 
are as varied as a law firm's practice. UCSD 
Extension offers daytime and evening Legal 
Assistant Programs that prepare you to enter 
the field. 
• ABA approved 
• Courses are taught by members of the Bar 

and practicing legal assistants 
• Instruction in computerized legal systems 
• Geared to those who already have a degree 
• Tuition can be paid on an installment basis 
• Summer quarter begins June 22 
Free Information meetings and aptitude tests: 
• Wednesday, April 8, May 13, and June 10, 

5:30-9:30 p.m. 
• Saturday, April 11 and May 9, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. 
at the UCSO Extension Complex. 9600 N. 
Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla. Phone 534-6353, 
X1031 to reserve a space and for more 
information. 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Women's Water Polo Squeaks By 
• Tritons struggle but 
are able to pull out 
close 8-7 win over 
San Diego State 
By Chris Regnier 
Senior Staff Writer 

Hot. then cold- thai describes 
the UCSD women's waler polo 
leam's malch yesterday at the 
Canyonview Pool against a club 
squad from San Diego Stale. Af-
ter building up an early lead, the 
Triton held off the Aztecs and 
came away with a close 8-7 win. 

"We were playing really well. 
bUI then ju I gOI tired," Head 
Coach Denny Harper said after 
the match. 

The Tritons jumped out to a 
3-0 lead at the end of the first 
period, then maintained a three-
goal advantage :II the half. 6-3. 
After three quarters. UCSD was 
st ill up by three, 8-5. 

Jamie Dailey and Brenda 
Reiton led the Triton auack in the 
first three periods wi th four and 
two goals. respectively. 

In the final period, however, 
things got sketchy as UCSD sur-
rendered two goals and went cold 
on offen e. 

Harper attributed some of the 
defensive breakdown to the faci 
that UCSD has two rookie goa l-
ies. 

Jamie Dailey scored four goals for the Tritons in yesterday's victory. 
Harper said. against the Gauchos from Santa 

According to Harper. the Az- Barbara 
tees had seveml chances near the UCSD eked out a win against 
end of the game totie it up, but the the Gauchos in early March at the 
third-ranked Tri tons were abte to Great Davis Shootout. 9-8. 
hold on for their sixth victory of Since that conte t. Harper 
the season, with only one defeat. thinks that the Tritons have im-

UCSD'sone loss came against proved in the fundamental aspects 
top-r.mked UC Davis. of the game. such as passing. 

This weekend the TrilOns will Harperexpects those improve-
faceoffwi thUC lrvine.UCSunta ments to help UCS D at thi s 
Barbara, San Diego State. and weekend' s tournament. 
UCLA in a round-robin touma- The Tritons' tough condition-
ment in Los Angeles. ing programshouldalso helpthem 

While Harperexpects his tenm as the season goes on. 
to beat the Anteaters, the Aztecs. According to Harper, the Tri-
and the Bruins, he thinks the Tri- tons came back to school on 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from paee 20 
Jarre ll said . " [Mounger) has 
struggled lately, so it was nice to see 
her stay in and fini sh a game:' 

Offensively. the team again 
picked up eight hi lS with Teri Zuniga 
going 2-4 while picking up an RBI. 
Allison Booth also tagged an RBI as 
she went 2-3 during the game. 

•. [ don't know what the differ-
ence was between games," Jarrell 
said. "It was nice to see them bounce 
back after the first game, but we 
should have beaten them twice." 

Jarrellalsoexpressedconcemfor 
UCSD'sfuture. The Tritons stand at 
12- 13 on the eason and are r.mked 
fifth in the region, but the coach is 
unsure of any playoff poss ibilities. 

" We're playing up and down -
we've lost badly to teams we should 
have beaten. We're j ust nota playoff 

I M. TENNIS 
Continued from page 20 
the Ephmen team of Glass and John 
Fishm:m. 

TIlis win by the Triton squud 
appeared to be just what the doctor 
ordered for suffering Head Coach 
Tim Ditzler. " Yes!" he exclaimed 
in sheer joy after the match. "We 
were hungrier than they were. We 
fought hard and we eamed this one," 
he added. 

SPORTS 19 

CtlJck NguyeniGuard/a'l 
Faith Franke tosses it home. 
team right now." she said. 

Jarrell hasn ' t given up hope of a 
turnaround, though. "We have a 
111 nth left in the season. so it' s up to 
them to decide how they want to 
fini sh it: ' she said. 

Afterdisappointing losse~ to UC 
Santa Cruz and MIT. this Will gave 
the Tritons momentum as they heud 
inlOan imponunt roud trip this week-
end. 

They tmvel to Phoen ix where 
they will face a tough opponent in 
the fonn of eighth-mnked Trinity 
Univer.;ity on Suturday. 

On Sunday. the Tritons will 
tuekle the fourth -ranked Golden 
Gustie of Gustavus Adolphus Col-
lege. 

"At least four goal ' were due 
to us being ... a little na'ive," tons are in for a tough match See W. POLO, Page 14-.J 

I Advertise in the Guardian 
L__ C~II 534-3466 J 

e~ 
ENTER THE NeXT"WORLD HERE. 

You're invited to a demonstration of me 
industry's only family of true object-oriented workstations: 
the NeXTTM computers. 

Only on the advanced NeXT platform have such names 
as Lotus8 , Adobe8 and WordPerfect8 been able to create 
the -best of breed" packages. Because only on NeXTTM 
computers can they take advantage of true multitasking, 
built-in Ethernet, large screens with Display PostScript8, 
CD-quality sound, vast memory and blazing speed. 

And there's a whole family of NeXT machines, from the 
affordable NeXTstation™ TURBO computer to the true 
32-bit NeXTdimension™ system. 

If you're interested in seeing the NeXT world, come on 
in . We can arrange a guided tour. 

LJCSD 
UOUKS1<..>HL::. : ,UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~ ~4 COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 

OPEN: MON· FRI BAM· 6PM AND SAT lOAM· 5PM 

CHARBROILED CHICKEN 

8935 TOW CENTRE DR 
(Next to Harvest Ranch Mkt - Renaissance Centre) 

r - - - - - - .... - - - - - - ... - - - - - -, 
I $2.00 • $1.25. 75¢ I 
: OFF : OFF : OFF : 
I with purchase of • with purchase of • with purchase of I 
: Whole Chicken CombO: HALF Chicken Combo: 1/4 Chicken Combo : 
I TAKE-OUT • TAKE-OUT • TAKE-OUT I 
I ONLY '~2 • ONLY 4'l~ · ONhY_ ':~2~ 

ZETA BETA TAU FRATERNITY 

• SPRING RUS H '92 IFCINFO MEETTHE SUNSET DINNER 
NIGHT ZEBES AT THE CLIffS WITH 

PIZZA NIGHT WITH DELTA GAMMA 
SU BWAY SORORITY 

...caaNTD aoUNO TU .... PI.Z.ZA M r..cr "T 1U:."Vr.1J.Z ~AnoNA1. 
N"MJOH .... a cEHIU FOUNTAIN CEHT1'JO 

7:00PM 0:00PM 4:00 PM 6:30 PM 
WED. APR.. THUR. APR. 2 FRt, APR.) SAT. APR. 4 

BROOMBALl! NCAA STUD ,. SO IETY 
WtTH BASKETBALL WITH BILLIARDS 

ZBT SDSU CHAMPIONSHIPS SORORtTY 
on Z BT's own DATES 
bigscrell'n TV 

MDT AT PIlJC& NE.I!'T AT PIlICe. VOU HAU l1'tl M££J' AT P1U(Z 
CDI1'U POUNT..uN a..N'I'U FOUNT" IN C PJ'ITI'.Jl FOUNTAIN I 9:30 PM 5;00 PM 7:00 PM 

I 
7:00 I'M 

SUN. APR. S MO , • APR. 6 llJL, APR. 7 WED, APR. S 

Contact Troy 587-8034 or Jason 558-4602 for info. 



" 

20 SPORTS 

t 
t .. ~ 

BIT~r PIE~ t.fa PETER KO 
Bats, Whips 
And Soiled Pigs 
J UST A FEW NOTES: • There is an odor pernlealing the March air. 
It's not pleasant. It's nauseating, 

it'~ suffocating, and it's over-
whelming. It smell s like a soi led 
pig. It smells like dead fi sh. It 
~me lls like the raised rear end of a 
skunk. II smells like a public 
balhroom in a brid .. building 
during a summer heat wave. 

II :.mells like a Duke year. 
That the Blue Dcvib .Ire a 

good leam has never been in 
que~tion . Th:u the Blue Devils are 
abo a lucky lemll was an~wercd in 
Ihe Ea!>t Regional ugainst Ken-
lucky. It wu., u funtUMic pluy by 
two fantastic players that won the 
game. Fine. II was also luck. The 
Blue Ocvib were lucky that they 
had 2.2 ~i:C nd~ remaining on the 
clock. They were lucky Ihat the 
one KenrucJ..y player who can 
match Christian Lae\tncr in 
athletic abilily, 6-8 ~ophomore 
forward Jamal Mashburn. had 
fouled out. And Ihey were lucky 
Ihat rJnt Hill could make his 
length-of-the-couJ1 pil~~ 
unobslrucled. 

A GOO!} TI.A~ I (~ome would ~ay greil\) wilh Iud. on i t ~ ~ide i~ 
awfu lly hard 10 beat. 

• That having been ~'Iid. if 
Ihere is one team in the counrry 
Ihar can up~elthe Blue Devils. il 

i~ Indiana. The reason ~Ialks Ihe 
sidcline~ barking 411 refs ~poJ1i n !! .1 
whip ill one hand and a chair in 
Ihe other. Ile's n t fond of 
banquets. He says whalever i . on 
his mind, and he cou ldn't care 
less what you or anyone ebe 
Ihinb. 

B bby Knight - "TIle 
Geller-I I" to Dick Vitale's legion~ 
- is all of Ihal. He b also the be,t 
stmtegist in college bu.,kclball . 
And if Ihere is a way to beat 
Duke, he will find i!. His team 
ccnainly has the ability. Freshman 
Alan Henderson has Ihe makings 
of :lIlother Pervis Ellison - long 
anns and a blu.~e altitude. Damon 
Bailey is the schoolboy legend 
who Knight once said "could stan 
right now for Indiana." 

AT TIlE TIME. he was in the nimh gmde. And CalbeJ1 
Che.lIley is the high-flyer who 
wou Id be on the cover of every 
magazine if he weren't playing for 
a school where "Knight" isn'l a 
rnelal-clothed figure or Ihe end of 
daylight, but the man who could 
begovemor. 

• A for the other semifinal 
rnatchup, you can say Ihis for the 
Michigan Wolverines: They make 
for great copy. Calilhem what you 
want - "The Fab Five," "The Fab 
X'Z:' "Ihose silly kids who don'l 
kno\ any bener" - bUllhe baskel-
ball world hasn't seen a display of 
freshman precociousness like this 
ince.,. well. sin e that Ellisonchar-

aCler led Loui ville to a national 
See BITS. Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Sidart DeblGUN<b1 
Chad Morse led UCSD over Will iams with a 6-1, 6{) victory yesterday. 

UCSD Fires Blanks Before 
Shooting Down Regals 
• Softball df pfir t 
game at Cal Lutheran 
before winning econd 
By Gregg Wrenn 
ASSOCiate Sports Edllor 

The yo-yo-Iil..e CSD ~ofrball 
t.:am ha" been playing up and d wn 
~o much Ihi~ ~ca~on, il mUM be 
gelling motion ~icknes~. oming 
off of a 1-4 spring break lrip 10 the 
Cal State Hayward Toumament, the 
Tritons faced al Luthcmn in Thou-
sand Oaks ye~terday. 

UCSD came away with more 
4ue~tion than answers as il contin-
ued its hoI/cold style of play. splil-
ling adoublehcaderwilh the Rcgals, 
dropping Ihe first 4-3, but taking the 
second game 4-0. 

The Triton~ a lUally were in con-
lrol of Ihe first game, leading 3-2 
heading into the botlom oflhe ev-
emh. But UCSD gOI wgged wilh an 
error, lhen gave up a walk and a hi!. 
The next baiter up slroked a double 
for two runs and the win. 

UCSD Head Coach Melissa 
Jarrell slressed that il look a leam 
effon to lo~e the gume. "We didn'l 
deserve to win the game. we JUSt 
weren'l sharp:' 

The Tri lon~' defen.e was Ihe 
coach's biggest concem. "We only 
had three errors. but we leI down al 
key points undju~t didn'l execute," 
J arrell ~uid. 

The UCS D offense collected 
eight hilS with Lisa Gill leading the 
way. going 2-3. 

Gume two was a different SIOry, 
as the Tritons were able to build un 
earl¥ lead and hold on to it. 

UCSD opened big, dil ging the 
Regab for three runs in Ihe fi~!. 
TIley added one mere in Ihe Ihird. 
and then it was up 10 the defen~e to 
make sure no mOre SCOreS would be 
needed. 

This time the defense, behind 
pitcher Lucie Mounger, held. "We 
moved people around in the field 
and it worked because we played 
better defense in the second game:' 

See SOFTBAU. Page 19 

Thunday,ApriI2,1992 

Tennis Finds Two Rackets 
Are Better Than One 
• Tritons stop Ephmen 
6-3 after sweeping 
doubles matches; Morse, 
Cross are easy winners 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

After losing five of its lasl six 
malches. lhe UCSD men's tennis 
leam hoped 10 tum things around on 
Monday afternoon against Williams 
College of Massachusetts. 

Chad Morse, Ihe third-ranked 
singles player in Division III and the 
Trilons' nurnber-one player staned 
Ihingsoffforthesquadas he breezed 
10 a traighl set viclory over Tom 
Evans, 6-1. 6-0. 

John Cross. UCSD' s number two 
singles player, also cruised to vic-
lOry, u.~ he ousted Williams' Dennis 
Geronimus in a quick IWO sets. 6-2. 
6- 1. 

Williams won ils first match of 
the day as Howie Kim defealed 
UCSD's Caner Hedrick al number 
three by Ihe score of 6-3. 6-3. 

Vem Yarnell played what proved 
to be the best match of Ihe day at 
number-four singles. He lost the 

first set to Marlin Goldstein 7-6, but 
won the second 6-4. Yarnell fell to 
3-0 in the third set before he came 
alive and look the deciding set 7-6. 

Neil Glass, playing at number 
five for Willianls, pUI away lhe Tri-
Ions' Robbie Ho in Ihree tough ~ts, 
6-3,4-6,6-3. Roy Gessford, UCSD' ~ 
number-six player,losl his match 10 
Eric Woodwonh in three ~ets, '1 -6. 
6-4,6-1. 

Wilh the singles matches tied <II 
Ihree apiece, Ihe doubles round 
would decide the winner between 
the fifth-mnked Tritons and the six-
teenth-ranked Ephmen. 

The Tritons came oul wilh all 
gun~ blazing in Ihe three pivolal 
doubles matches. The first te<lm of 
Morse and Cross smashed ils way 
past Williams ' number-one le:Jm of 

Evan~ and Geronimus. 6-3. 6-3. 
The second leam of Yarnell and 

Brian Kaplan crushed the team of 
Goldslein and Kim by Ihe score of 
6-3,6-0. 

Gessford and Ho finished up Ihe 
doubles sweep for Ihe Tritons as 
Ihey played near-flawless tennis in 
a convincing 6-2, 6-1 victory over 

See M. TENNIS, Page 19 

CIlIdt Nguytn/~ 
Dianna Moreno looks on as Teri Zuniga throws to first for the easy out. 

Stottem's Eagle Helps Golf Soar to Second Place 
• Next challenge for 
Tritons is tough course at 
UC Irvine Invitational 
next week 
By Gre" Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

You'd think that after placing 
second in u major lournament played 
on a course that the PGA Seniors 
Tour declared too difficult to play 
anymore,theU SDgolfteamwould 
gel to relax. 

Think again. beC.1U e now things 
gel really tough. 

The Tritons head 10 Newpon 
Bea h next Monday forllle UC Irvine 

Invitational at Big Canyon Country 
Club, a course thaI UCSD Head 
Coach Mike Wydra calls "probably 
the loughe t course we'll play this 
year:' 

If lhe Trilons play Ihe way they 
did on Monday al the Cal LUlheran 
Invitationul, however, they could 
play Big Canyon blindfolded and 
slill come out near Ihe lOp. 

Never having seen Wood Ranch 
Counlry Club, site of the CLU Invi-
tational.UCSDfini 'hedsecondonly 
to Divi ion I Long Beach Stale. 
bealing oUI 10 other leams. 

The Tritons were led by Mall 
Stonern who fini shed the firsl 18 
holes wilh a 71. the lowe t round of 

the lournamenl by three strokes. 
By way of comparison. Arnold 

Palmer shol an 88 during his last 
tournament at Wood Ranch. 

Slottem finished the Invilational 
at 153. good enough for third place 
individually. "It's very r<lre for a 
Division m leam 10 pick up an indi-
vidual trophy at a majortoumamenl 
like Ihis," Wydra said. 

As a leam, UCSD ended up al 
629. 12 shots back of Long B~ch ' 
617. Third-place Loyola was eighl 
behind lhe Trilons at 637. 

Stottern 's blislering 71 included 
an eagle on the the sixleenth when 
he holed a 9-iron al 135 yard , 

Jeremy Moe also shined for 

UCSD during his second round. 
Aftersix holes. Moe was four strokes 
under on the par-72 course, an im-
pressive performance considering 
lhe winds and lreacherous course. 
Bul a couple of bogey on the back 
nine pUI him at 77 for the round, 

"It was a very difficult match," 
said Wydra. "A 101 of water. They 
recommended bringing scuba gear. 
and it wouldhavebeenagood idea:' 

UCSD iscurrently ranked eighth 
in the nation, bul Wydra thinks thm 
will change soon. 

"The coaches back elisl don'l 
know a whole lot aboul us yet. but 
we're heading inlo nationals and 
we're playing eXlrernely well." 



H2 HiATUS 

• UCSD's Grove 
Gallery is host to a wide 
variety of exhibits 
By Barbara Lablng« 
Guardian Reporter 

op imo the Grove Gallery at P most any given time. and you can check out anyone of a number of culturally diverse exhibits. whose subject matter 
ranges from ceramics to computer an to Day 
of the Dead pieces. One might be lured there 
by the aroma of freshly brewed coffee from 
the cafe neurby. the colorful posters 
advenising the shows from walls all over 
campus. or. in the cao;e of one gaudy exhibit. 
a bright beacon of neon posted just outside 
the Gallery. 

If you wander behind the Gallery. you 
will discover a small office that is decidedly 
less geared for public viewing. Here. amidst 
the blueprints for future exhibits and the 
mementos from those of the past. you may 
discover the director of the Grove Gallery. 
Maryann Callery. 

Whatgo&sln 
Although Cullery has the tille of director. 

she makes no claim to being the sole 
mastermind behind the Grove's ~hows. 
Callery fomls committees to help plan. 
de ·ign. and produce the shows. A dignified 

profes~or may join a c mmittee. or a student 
club or visiting famous anist may take 
charge. Callery herself h~L~ followed no 
straight and rigid path to her position, ~o she 
is sympatheti to other creative dilettante~. 
A UCSD alumna wi th a bachelor'~ degree in 
visual ails. she worked in several non-all-
related jobs before coming back to her roots 
and joining the Grove Gallcry in 1984. 
Callery worked in a ~tore and assisted in 
various W,lyS before becoming director four 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 2, 1992 

Gallery 
COVER STORY 

years ago. 

QualIty .... funda 

(Clockwise (rom top) 
Untitled Throne with 
MonItey SIIull and 
£Ushell. by Albert 
Chong. M ..... Sku'" " 
FMthers by Heide 
Oberheide. and Untitled 
by Saul Moreno. 

. I 
" 

Though Callery is open-minded about 
the make-up of the creators of an exhibit. 
she is definite about the criteria of the work 
itself. "Quality is our first order of busi-
ness," said Callery. "And we want to 
respond to social imperatives." Of course. 
"lack of money is a comributing factor 
too." Callery said with a rueful laugh. 

Coming up 
with an 
aestheticall y 

plea~ing. 
socially 
conscious 
show on a 
shoestring 
budget might 
seem to po e 
quite a 
challenge. 
However, both 
through careful 
planning and 
by forming an 
incredible 
network of 
partnersh i ps 
and friend-
ships, Callery 
and the Grove 
Gallery have 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
WHAT: "Remains." 
Works by Albert 
Chong, WiHiam 
Morris. Toru, 
Nakitani, and Heide 
Oberheide. 

WHEN: Runs 
through April 18 

WHERE: The 
Grove Gallery 

managed quite nicely. 

nmewelkpent 
The exhibits take at least a yeur to plan, 

although Callery maintains that the more 
time that is spent on an exhibit, the beller it is. 
TheGaliery must obtain funding for its projects 
in advance as well. Although it has received 
direct funding inthet ... .l<Iitional way-Callery 
seemed especially grateful to the University 
Center Board. the Associated Students. and 
the University Events Programming Board 

See GROVE, Page H4 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

I ow you can keep up your active life-
tyle \\~ th Iigh ted 

tennis courts, sand 
yolleyba II court 
and full equipped 
fiLness centers, just 
tep from your 

own front door. 
• Pul'tlished and unful'tllshed studio. one and two bedrooms 
• Localions close lO campus 
• Take ad anlage of Oakwood's reduced deposits with letter 

of enrollment or campus 1.0. 

sm 

You'll also enjo Oakwood's I'eSort quality swimming .P~o.O.IS~'~lfft' 
spas. saunas. part rooms. big screen 'IV • 
(llId barbecu areas. • ... I!~~ ~J;H~ 

For lnrormalion or l'CS('nalioos on localions In P. cln ~ch. Coronado. Mission VOile . 
or Lu Jolio "lea,' ca ll 619-490-:t400. Or ror InronnaUon on O\er 50 locations 
nalion .. 1dc plC:lsc ull 1-800-888-0808. 
ModelS open dally 9-6. SoIT)' no pets. Advertise in The Guardian today, Call 534-3466. 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Avoiding the Hype 
• Sometimes it's impossible to hide from the 
media blitz surrounding Hollywood's 'big' films 
By Ted SUnoo 
Staff Writer 

Manin Scorsese's psychological 
thriller "Cape Fear," starring Nick 
Nolte and Robert DeNiro, is play-
ing at the Price (;:enter tonight, and 
J was reminded of an ordeal I expe-
rienced when the movie first came 
out in the theaters. 

Given the initial excitement gen-
erated by moviecriticsas well as the 
highly respected people involved 
with the production, the opening of 
"Cape Fear" was met with feverish 
anticipation. Since the movie was 
undoubtedly going to be on my 
"must-see" list. I strained to avoid 
and ignore anything that would give 
away too much of the storyline. 

But with most movies.especially 
those with high expectations at the 
box office, ignoring all the hype 
concerning "Cape Fear" put me 
under great pressure. The hype was 
coming from all directions.l wanted 
to see a hyped flick where I did not 
already know the plot, ending, cer-
tain key scenes, the director's favor-
ite scene. the key grip's favorite 
scene and the gaffer's social secu-
rity number. 

The point is, the first couple 
weeks after "Cape Fear" was re-
leased, I saw and heard (or mther. 
tried to avoid seeing and heuring) 
clips or descriptions from every-
one: Scorsese on television, my 
neighbor's girlfriend, some other 

F_ - Foreboding image of the 
media blitz to follow. 

friend or Je sica Lange on E! 
E! is a channel on cable where 

they cover all the" important" enter-
tainment news 24 hours aday. seven 
days a week. It's kind ofESPN for 
movie and TV fanatics. Twenty-
four hours of movie news?! Yeah, 
really educational. Right up there in 
cultural and intellectual pertinence 
along with the weather channel and 
those Solotlex infomercials. Here is 
a channel whose only purpose is to 
ruin all the movies I want to see. 

I had to wait a whole week after 
opening night to watch "Cape Fear." 
I had to make a genuine. determined 
effort to avoid any key info about 
the movie. 

See HYPE, Page H4 

Love on Ice 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
"We're not searching 
for a sound. We just 
don't want to be 
bored." Spawned by 
improvisation, the 
music of Love on Ice 
is challenging, 
diverse, powerful and 
surprising. The band 
will perfonn at 
Wmter's near SDSU 
on April 8. 

SOMEWHERE BETWEEN HEAVEN AND HELL 

and 
BEST KISSERS 
1 ...... EWaILD 

DON'T MISS OUT! 
TICKETS GOING FAST! 

April 17 
Friday 

8pm 
UeSD Gym 

-~£~ 
• ... ~!. .. .!:JI •• 

UCSD 
UNIVERSITY 
EVENTS OFFICE 
PRESENTS 

HiATUSH3 

SATURDAY: San Diego City Schools ure having thei r 15th 
Annual ....... Powwow at Hoover High School's main gymna-
sium. The event features singers, dancers. food. all. tmditional 
clothing and adornments, as well as infonnation on local Native 
American agencies. Visitors are welcome to bring their own drum~ 
and panicipate (maybe some of the Friday-aftemoon-Gym-sleps-
percussionist will be interested). TIle afternoon session runs frol11 
I p.m. until 5 p.m., the evening session from 6 p.m. until I I p.m. For 
more information call 668-2443. 

TUESDAY: Sushi Performum;e and Visual Art/Black Chore-
ographers Moving presents "Black Choreographers In the 
CommunIty," a sYl11posium on model progmms that demonstrate 
how dance addresses and serves communty needs. The event is free 
and is located at the Sushi Perfromance and Visual Art building (ut 
852 Eighth Avenue downtown). Call 235-8466 for more infon11U-
tion. 

WEDNESDAY: Interscope recording allists Love on Ice 
will be performing at Winter's near SDSU. Love on Ice is one of 
those hybrid-genrebusting bands. Its shtick is the combination of 
classical, jazz. and, believe it or not, metal. Call 582- 1813 for more 
information. 

Oh yeah. UCSD 's alleged comedy mg. the KO(J/a. is hosting yel 
another Koala Night at the Belly Up Tavern. This week's 
featured artists are Caustic Monkey and Foolish Monals. All the 
excitement begins at 9 p.m. and. as usual, the show is free if one 
presents a UCSD student 10. Call 481 -9022 for more information. 

San Francisco's RabbIt ChoIr will be performing at Winston's 
Beach Club in Ocean Beach and at Cafe Chabalaba downtown. 
Rabbit Choir i~ straight ahead guitar-bass-drums rock 'n roll. For 
more information call Winston's at 222-3802 or Chabalaba at 234-
BEAN. 

THURSDAY: UCSD is hosting the Flying Ka'amazov 
Brothers. The Brothers toss around torches. raw eggs, objects with 
sharp edges. and some unthinkable objects. Tickets are $12 for 
students and slightly more for those non-student types. The show is 
at the Mandeville Auditorium and begins at 8 p.m. 

"HUMOR, WIT & 
IMPECCABLE TIMING!" 

USA Today 



H4 HiATUS 

ORREY'S 
La Jolla Marriott 

TEQUILA TUESDAY , 
~in' Good r,me· Ws~ROC~ r--;:DO~N:::'T=-F:-O-RG-E-T-... --

HAPPY HOUR 
5-8 p.m. 
$1.00 
APPETIZERS 

$THuRsDAYS are 1 DRAFT 
NIGHT j 

$2.25 
TEQUILA SUNRISE 

Late Night Jammin'to Classic Rock $100 Tequila Shots 8 pm to closing 
TORREY'S A San Diego 
:\ightdub IU(3tCJ in thc 4240 La JoII. YllIICe Dr., La Jolt. CA 12037 

JIl Dkgo Mmioll (81.)517-1414 ext. 1220 

JEFF 
MARDER 
WEDNESDAY,APRILS· SPM 
UNMRSITY OF CAUFORNIA 

SAN DIEGO 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS $1 • GENERAL $4 

UCSD BO)( OFFICE • 5)4-6467 

The UCSD Guardian 

Date: April 11, 1992 

Time: 9:00 - 5:00 pm 

kickoff location: 
UCSD Price Center 

Registration Deadline: 
Wednesday, April 8, 1992!! 

Sponspored by: 
ASUCSD, esc, 

Volunteer Connection 

Volunteer for this one day project and learn more about 
an issue that faces San Diego community. 

•••• To sign up, fill out a registration form at the 
Volunteer Connection Office (3rd floor, Price Center) 
or call the office at 534-1414. 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 

GROVE 
ContInued from page H2 
for their support - the Gallery de-
pends on the give-and-take-relation-
ships that Callery forms with vari-
ous groups. 

1lle partnerships can be with on-
campu establishments such a. 
Central Library orthe Slide Library. 
or they can be uch unlikely pair-
ings as with the Archery Club or the 
Society of Black Engineers. 1llese 
alliances are as creatively and open-
mindedly formed as are the exhibits 
themselves. 

For instance. The Society of 
Black Engineers was willing to as-
sist with the Martin Luther King 
show (an exhibit of which Callery is I 
particularly proud of). but was un-
able to contribute financially. So. 
instead. Callery had the members 
prepare the show using physical la-
bor. ideas. or any other way that 
they could contribute. 

ArtIstIc DIY..tty 
The wide variety of contributors 

to the shows leads to a bewildering 
array of subject mailer. This pleases 
Callery because she wants to see the 
exhibits reflect as many facets of the 
population as possible. She is espe-
cially sensitive to the ethnic diver-
sity of the student body and faculty 
surrounding her. probably at least in 
part because. as she says. "My own 
family 's like the United Nations." 
Thus. Callery is not only helped. but 
inspired by her assistants. 

For instance. the fact that two of 
the students on one of her commit-
tees were Filipino led to the idea for 
an exhibit on Filipino art. Callery 
contacted more outside sources on 
the subject, and the project grew 
until it was produced. The exhibit. 
in tum. inspired the then-president 
of the Vietnamese Student Assoc ia-
tion to come to Callery and propose 
a similar show on Vietnamese art. 
The idea was promptly accepted 
and. now in the works, will some-
day manifest itselfin an exhibit. It is 
this kind of association which helps 
the Grove Gallery to thrive. 

Callery is very enthusiastic about 
the positive response that the Grove 
Gallery brings. She is particularly 
excited about the upcoming IO-year 
anniversary of the Gallery. which 
will be celebrated with a 'pecial 
exhibit in June. Callery says every-
one will be invi ted to the party. 

HYPE 
ContInued from page H3 

I changed channel s when 
Scorsese was rapping with David 
leiterman. I went out of the room 
when my roomies were discussing 
one particular key scene. I even 
turned my head, covered my ears 
and started babbling like a baby so I 
would not hear that guy on MTV's 
"The Big Picture." 

But did all this help? Hardly. It 
never fails. with the movie tudios 
pulling out the big bucks on adver-
tising. they'lI do anything to get you 
to see their movie and will practi-
callyacco t you with every kind of 
exposure imaginable. 

De pite the media blitz. I must 
recommend that you check out 
"Cape Fear" tonight. especiaJly since 
it's only a dollar. The film is su-
perbly made, with De Niro giving 
an intense performance. The tmilers 
on television might have ruined the 
key scenes and the plot but it's still 
a good movie with lots of Holly-
wood charisma. 



INSIDE •• 
SPECTACLE 

SocIaIIII1I 
You know them. You 

love them. They'", social-
ists, and they'", c:ooI. Why 
don't you embrace them? 
Socialism is the hip, 
happening wave of the 
future. This week our 
writers talk to socialists in 
San Diego, present a photo 
essay on ~ Guevara. and 
preseot humorous fiction 
about the socialist in all of 
us/ 'MES1 

HiANUS 

Rap. It's atl the rage with 
the kids out there today, and 
now rap has fused with 
another musical FIR -
the tunes of Conway Twiny 
- to CJafe a whole new 
funky fresh craze. This 
week, we take a look at the 
hottest rap-Twiny-metal 
fusion band, EniJmaric 
Oujia BoanL Plus • heart-
to-hean willi Rodney 
DanaafieId / PAaf: 1M 

SPORTS 

INDEX 
• ~"f. ... 

Atkinson asUC 

Jason PriestlylDisreguardan 
Outgoing UC President David Gardner (right) handed the ceremonial UC Presidential Plaque to new 
UC President and former UCSD Chancelior Richard Atkinson at Friday's press conference. 

Watson Heads UstofReplacements 
By Lany Hagman 
Underwear Model 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-
fairs Joseph Watson i the leading candidate to 
replace newly-appointed UC President Richard 
Atkinson as UCSD chancellor, according to a 
source close to the Board of Regents. 

Watson has been at UCSD since 1966. In the 
wake of Atkinson's appointment, Watson will 
serve as interim chancellor. 

1be committee is reportedly impressed with 
Watson's relationship with the student body and 
his extensive educational background. 

"He has consistently shown an ability to inter-
act efficiently and professionally with the students 
atUCSD. Also, he has served as a Vice Chancellor 
for over 10 years. He deserves a shot ... he's a 
legitimate candidate," said search committee chair 
Roy T. Brophy. "Plus, he's black." 

However, some regents have expressed doubts 
about Watson's qualifications. "From whatf hear, 

he seems to have an aggression problem," said an 
anonymous regent. 

Other regents are concerned about Watson' s 
lack of experience in running a university. 

"Atkinson had such a hands-on style of man-
agement," said regent Herbert Gordon. "He ab-
solutely refused to let anyone else handle the 
day-to-day duties. For the last 10 years, Watson 
has basically just wandered into his office, 
punched the time clock and then gone home. 
Sure, he talks to students. But what does that 
matter?" 

According to Brophy, Watson is the only top-
level UCSD administrator the committee will 
consider. "No one else on the campus is ready. 
What are we going to do? Hand the school over 
to (Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student Pro-
grams and Facilities] Tommy Tucker? Look at 
the way he botched the co-op problem. 1)lose 
hippies should've been tossed out on their asses. " 

See JOE, Page 3 

SAE Alleges WRC Flyer is Sexist 
By Paul DeWine 
Orthodontics Editor 

A flyer created by the Women's Resource 
Center(WRC) has been attacked by members of 
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity for contain-
ing images and slogans which some members 
are calling both "derogatory" and "bad." 
. TIle controversial flyer depicts a scowling 

male wearing an SAE sweatshirt. He is shown 
clenching his fists and kicking a small puppy. 

Underneath the picture are lhe words 
"Fratboys Are Mean" and "SAE is Naughty." 

by a small group of WRC members and that 
SAE has no reason to complain. 

"Besides, they're all a bunch of sniveling 
hacks anyhow," sneered McKay. 

In an effort to relieve tensions between the 
two groups, SAE has invited the WRC to pick 
flowers with them next Saturday. There are 
also plans for the WRC and SAE to co-host a 
William Bly weekend later this quarter. 

"We've gOlto lei the WRC know that it's 
okaytocry," Agersaid,gentlycuddlinghispet 
buMY· 

"I'm ... I'm too shocked to comment," 
SAE member Dan Ralls said. clutching a book 
of Elizabeth Banett Browning poems. 

• Watson will act as UCSD 
chancellor during interim period 
By Peter Wilson 
Loved by All 

In a stunning announcement. the University 
of California Board of Regents revealed Friday 
that it has selected UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson to replace David Gardner as UC 
President. 

''I'm incredibly plea<;ed to be named to this 
position." Atkinson said during a press confer-
ence following the announcement. 

The selection of Atkinson to the post follows 
an intense search for a replacement forGardner. 
who is retiring after eight years as president. 

"Richard Atkinson was exactly what we 
were looking for in a President." said regent 
Roy Brophy .chairman of the Presidential Search 
Committee. "He is the embodiment of a con-
cerned and knowledgable administrator. 
(Atkinson's] record speaks for itself." 

Brophy indicated that it was Atkinson's 
record as UCSD chancellor that made him the 
final choice for the presidency. saying that 
Atkinson's ability to attract millions of dollars 
in research money was "one of the keys" to 
making him the final choice. 

"The other prime reason we chose ! AtJ..in<;on] 
is his depth of knowledge of the San Diego 
campus:' Brophy said. "He know), that cam-
pus. :md its surrounding community. inside and 
out." 

One of the other supposed front-runners for 
the position. UCLA Chancellor Charles Young. 
expressed his disappointment in not being se-
lected. 

" I wish the new president all the best. Be-
side ', losing out to Dick Atkinson is nothing to 
be ashamed of," Young said. laughing ruefully. 

"[Young] was never considered se~iously as 
a candidate." Brophy said, citing Young's close 
work with UCLA undergraduates as the main 
reason he was discounted. 

Atkinson will leave tomorrow to begin a 
transition period at the University of Cali fomi a 
headquarters in Oakland. leaving Vice Chan-
cellor Joseph Watson as acting chancellor until 
a new one can be appointed (see related story). 

"I'll try to fill Chancellor Atkinson's shoes 
as best I can," Watson said yesterday. 

He indicated that in addition to continuing 
policies instituted by Atkinson. he would also 
focus his power on new areas. 

''I' ll be taking a harder look at the co-op 
issue," Watson said. "There are some things 
that one hac; the power to do as chancellor that 
one can't do as a vice chancellor." 

As he concluded his announcement to the 
See DICK, Page 3 

11.,,,,,1 &c~b-I 
I J(l!i! 

Y(G4tbOY5 ore Meuf]/ 
. SAf i~ Ala1h~ 

"Never in the history of fraternity has one of 
our members kicked a puppy. We have never 
received complaints aboul puppy kicking, ., said 
SAE ~ident Steve Ager. 

"I can'l believe that rnarure women would 
print something so hurtful," Ager said. 

MaUy McKay, a spokesperson for the WRC, 
claimed that the flyer was onJy meanllo be seen 

"Inside, my soul is in anguish," Ralls added. 
"We're not mean and naughty, are we, 

Aopsy?" Ager asked his buMY. 
Ager added thar the flyer incident under-

scored the need for a Men's Resource Cenler 

SAE members are up in arms over this flyer. 
where men could go to weep and read bad 
poetry in the company of other men who like 

See SHIVS., Page 16 



2 NEWS 

\[ WS 1\ l3Hli f 
Fee ProtestoISCIa1geGroupNane 

The siudents who "sat in" althe chancellor's complex 
conference room in procesl of fee hikes have announc:cd 
that they will be changing their name. 

According to proICSlOr Ely Rabani, the organization 
wiD now be called the "'Continuous Vigil 10 Lower Fees. 
Keep the C<H>pS Open, Boycott the Price Cencer, Protest 
Any Wars That Might Stan Soon, Make Sure That Stu-
dents Eat All Their Vegetables, and For Making Each Day 
a Special Day." 

An enraged Joe Watson beat Rabani senseless with a 
tire iron soon after. 

Koala Given Award by Student Groups 
A coalition of students from MeCHA, the Lesbian! 

GayJBisexuaJ Association (LGBA), and the Women's 
Resource Center (WRC) presented the Koola (KOALA), 
the campus humor newspaper, with a certificate of appre-
ciation for sensitivity and awareness of under-represented 
groups. 

"The Koala is a great paper," said Bob Smith, president 
ofMeCHA. "Besides being sensitive to Olhercultures, it's 
really funny. And it would never stoop to insulting stereo-
types just to get a laugh." 

It has also been rumored that the Koola will contain 
humor before the year is out. BUI Koola editor SIeve Lutz 
vehemently denied that the paper will ever be funny again. 

From his office, an irked Joe Watson threatened to slit 
the throat of anyone who called the Koola fuMY. 
UCB Again Vainly Trtes to Do things 

The University Center Board (UCB) tried to rename 
three prominent campus institutions Friday. According to 
UCB Chair Molly McKay, the board voted to change the 
name of the Price Center to the Bard-Alan Finlan Center, 
change the SlOan Collection 10 the Finken!hal Collection 
after UC Berkeley graduate student Daniel Finkenthal, 
who was brutally beaten by Vice Chancellor of Under-
gmduate Affairs Joe Watson, and change the Matthew 
Complex to Howard's Complex, after a noted campus 

activist who once imploftd sIUdenIs 10 hug the hump. 
McKay said m.. in the QIC of the Price Center, the 

motivation for the name c:hIm&e is to more KCUI'IIdy depicl 
the nature of the building's servicca. "'We should change it 10 
the Bard-Alan Center because thai's a place where BanI-Alan 
gocs," McKay said. 

Rnlan vehemently denied the aIJcgarion thai he frequcn15 
the Price Center. 

"I am not a pawn!" he screamed. "I am not atool! You are 
a tool! You are a tool of the administraloB! I've never seen an 
outrage like this in the 20 yeaB I've been a student here." 

Reaction from campus administrators was swift. 
"Ha! ThaI's a good onc!" chortled Watson, wielding a 

large cudgel. "Nice try, kiddies! Ho ho hoI" 

Presidential c.ddat8 .Jerry BnJwn 
Attacked at UCSD's PIIce Center 

Democratic Presidential contender Jerry Brown appeared 
at the Price Center 1851 week in his continuing bid to win 
college students over to his cause. 

"I chose to come to UCSD during 
spring break, when most of the students 
were home," Brown said. ''The only 
students who stay behind during spring 
break are theoulJiders./ want the vote of 
the outsiders! 1 am an outsider! Love 
me." 

Brown's appearance was sponsored 
by Dark Star,the UCSD Science Fiction 
club. Jerry Brown seemed 

dazed fOI~ the 
attack by W~. "He really knows where we're corn-ing from," said Revelle College fresh-
man Bucky Quinn. a spokesman for the club. "And he dated 
Debra Winger." 

Quinn was then reminded that it was fonnercandidate Bob 
Kerrey who dated Winger, and that Brown dated Linda 
Ronstadl. 

"Who?" Quinn asked. "Was she in The Exorcisf!" 
Brown's speaking appearance was cut short when an 

insane Joe Watson sprinted over from the chancellor's com-
plex, grabbed Brown's head, and began slamming it into the 
Price Center fpuntain. 

The fountain was not working at the time. 
" You'll be seeing plenty of Flat Tax - in the hospital!" 

Watson screamed. "You wantto see an outsider, I'U show you 
an outsider!" 

" Please," Brown cried. ". see that being an insane admin-
istrator has made you an outsider./ am an outsider, toof" 

After a few minutes. Watson ran back to barricade himself 

April 1, 1992 

in his office. rnuuerina. "WhaI'sthe frequency, SiamakT' 
WatsOn IaIer said his aaadt WIS completely justified. 
"I was just defending myself," he said. "I've seen Jeny 

Brown on TV. Only tMy act on TV. TI1e bed people. I've 
seen their messaaes in the skies." 

,.., ..... 27: 
3:25 p.m.: Police reported the sightl~ of unidentified 
VICe Chancellor brandishing large cudgel. 
4:15 p.m.: Donuts_ 
4:45 p.m.: A parking truck was cited for patklng Illegally 
In Lot 103. The pa/1(ing official then realized she was 
citing another parki~ vehicle. A good laugh was had by 
all. 
4:50 p.m.: Police reported 21 cars stolen from Lot 103. 
5:25 p.m.: Police reported the sighting of unidentified 
VIce Chancellor wearing Batman suit, accompanied by 
large Assistant VIce Chancellor wearing Batgirl suit. 
5:45 p.m.: Apple Fritter to go. 
6:00 p.m.: Boy, that coffee hit the spot. 
6:12 p.m.: A Muir College student said someone called 
her and asked, 'Is your refrigerator runnlng1' The student 
didn't understand the question, and asked police to 
explain it to her. 
8:53 p.m.: Student reported seeing a man in Central 
UbraIy masturbating to an open copy of CorWressional 
Quatterly. 

SatuIUy, Ibrch 28: 
2:45 B.m.: Cinnamon roll . 
3:45 B.m.: Police officer reported being awakened in 
squad car when approximately a dozen wild monkeys 
jumped on the hood and screeched loudly. 
7:53 B.m. : Custodian in Mandeville AuditOrium claims to 
have heard ghostly voice of Dick Shawn. 
10:22 B.m.: A 2~ar-01d non-affiliate was arrested for 
kicking a chimp to death. 
1 :32 p.m.: Combination Bible Study/Chokehold 
workshop. 
1:50 p.m.: Bearclaw. 
3:45 p.m. : Police offICer reported unidentified Vice 
Chancellorwrestling 'Greco-Rornao-styIe'with unidentified 
large Assistant Vice Chancellor. No charges were filed, 
as both men said they were wrestling 'just for fun.' 

GUAkl>IAN 
LEGION OF LACKEYS 

JASON SNB..L, CcJmedy EJtIst Boy 
PETER KO, AssarM Weapon Lad 
lEN BOYCHUK, BItter Boy 
JAMES COWER, Ctazsd lAughtet Lad 
LYNN FRANEY, identical Twin Lass 
JENNY GALANG, LbaneabIe GIrl 
JOSEPH GARCIA, ~ Lad 
MARY BETTY HEARD, Klnte GIrl 
CHERYl. HOCHMAN, SwIIIIine GIrl 
SUE MAPES, SetIaIICIIer Sta&dtMn Lass 
MEL MARCELO, Rt1c:IuMe Lad 
DAN MCOOWEU., V.., Boy 
KEN PERlMAN, Cbtnp IMI 
BRETT RHYNE, "WI .aony Lad 
PHIJP MIatAB.S, Whf., 
ANGElA ROVA, .... GIll 
ERIC SCWttIDT, 5MIen YoutII Boy 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, Gnome Lass 
WILEEN WONG, ."..,., Lass 
GREQG WRENN, Salt.,... Boy 
''''.1;;111. t~ " •• " ..... ~IMI')AcrIn.RubenAskew. 
Bruce _. Fntz _ .... Hubert H. one HUI>e' HumplWly. TOdOy 1IennecIy. 
Wolter MondeII . GeotIO McGcMIm. Paul Simon. ""' .. -.on. Mo Udall 
___ Bon JewI. C_I • . a..at ~~ •. ""'IOn. W."'. Wif'4ler 
Cool ......... "'-II/lOfOu •. Uranium. Zinc 

~_~_. Ubortoriono. WhIp 
'100 __ ....., ... AtII1ur. Jemie F ..... _. GillOt. Polly Holliday. Gabe 
Kaplan. Undo l ...... _ Mct.od. Sunnne .~ .... -.. Silly 
StrvIhers. 'J.J: _ 'I\ld DInomiW' _ . AnIOn Wllliom • . Henry Winkler 
-,.:_. CopucIWI. sco-. -..s. __ rOfll 

BOB DeANDREA, Hula Mart 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Mr. Fun 
MIKE MARTINEZ, ,.". Som.wIIM Ua Fun 
E. LEIGH HENRY, 11te".." (1/ Rock .." Roll 
.....,_,....DNtI. lAM.Foad._~ .... 
- - Cl>tsI. Life. Monopoly. Pwt DIlf, Solly. SIrwIIID. r_: TIle Game 
.... _LIoe __ • • .....,z.:t<-...n . ..., 1 .... 31 

""~.cadofioII_ .. loeIiIooc. • ., ____ ri .. 
_~ .. """ ... IoItt .. IO.,.. ....... _to"'''''''''oI,..._(I912 ....... 
_""~ ... __ .Tht __ ".., __ .. ""I!IO_oI 
"'~oI~ .. __ .. IIoIj~. Tht~.-.-....,,~mo 
4O\_ ... _ ..... _.., ... (OOl~._ ..... _ •• !MIIICI ~.pd. 
501£ ... ~"'_rilhe _ 'OuII.clD ,.._ ..... 1 ... 7 

EIIItoMI: 534-MC:K, -........: 534-ZACK. Fa: ~ JOU could. 
Dmreguarrllan, La Jolla Rltz..Cartton, 
Atkinson Room, La Jolla, CA 92093 

__ : c_ 0fIIce ,,_ All no.... _ . c..., "-'" 
Dtsdlilmer. ThiS whole Dtsreguarc1ian Is false , and IS Intended SOlely 
to be humorous. Nothing In here is remotely real. And we've done 
thiS for three years now. If you oougnt it agam. seell some help. 

April 1, 1992 The Disreguardian 

Swedish Students Steamed by Sauna 
By Tbor Heyenlahl 
Building Rafts 

Members of the UCSD 
Scandanavian Student Union (SSU) 
and their supponers rallied outside 
of the MainGymduringspringbreak 
inprote toftheexi tenceofasauna 
on the premise . 

SSU prote tors said during their 
demon trationWednesday!hatthey 
do not condone the university 's in-
stallation of the sauna in the Main 
Gym and the fact that any student 
may use the room, regardle of 
their experience wi!h saunas. 

"We do not suppon the obvi-
ously casual anitude the university 
has toward saunas," said Fifth CoI-
legejuniorSven H~ldensven. ';Sau-
nas are very important to the Swed-
ish peoples, and we are insulted that 
!hey would offer the use of one to 
students without properly instruct-
ing them on how it should be used. " 

H01densven noted that he visited 
the sauna once, and could not find 
instructions on how to use it. "Not 
that I needed instructions. I know 
how to u e a sauna. After all , I'm 
Swedish." 

According to Bjorn Smith. the 
sauna is one of the last traditions of 
the Scandanavian heritage. 

"What do we have left?" cried a 
disturbed Smith. "They've taken 
away our meatballs, our massages. 

the luge, All we have left is the 
sauna and Swedish supergroup 
ABBA." 

TIle protestors marched in a circle 
between the gymnasium and the 
natatori urn carrying signs t hat read. 
"Preserve our Scandanavian Heri-
tage!," "We're Steamed!" and 
"America: Have you Driven a Fjord 
Lately?" 

TIle appointed leader and albino 
guru of the demonstrators, graduate 

studentOttoSvlirtsenj~rg, read their 
list of demands to the crowd. 

"We want a new sauna built by a 
Scandanavian architectural firm. We 
want a trained attendent at the sauna. 
preferably one named Lars. And we 
want an assortment of smoked meat 
and cheeses available to sauna pa-
trons," he said. 

"And we're mighty upset about 
this fee thing, too," he added. 

Associated Students Vice Presi-
dent External Siamak Malek. who 
supported the SSU protest, said that 
the administr.uion's covert. over-
night installation of the sauna was a 
slap in the face to Swedes every-
where. 

"This just proves how insensi· 
tive the administration i ," Malek 
said. "This is an affront to everyone 
who is remotely descended from .. . 
what ethnic group is this again?" 

Heidi Morgensv~ld, a MuirCol-

• fQEE PQECNANCY TE6TINC 

\ 
\ '\ 

• Pre8nancy Termination 
8eneraljlocal aneslhesia 

• [\ffordable Birlh Con Lrol 
• ConfidenliBI ~ Personal 

=' 0'Ot) '= 
(6f.9) 5.35-f.31.9 

lege senior, added," And who knows 
whobuilt the sauna? They may have 
built it to California code. but the e 
Californians, they are not 
Scandanavians, they do not have 
the training to build a proper sauna, 
ja?" 

Morgensv~ld also said that the 
Scandanavians had taken such of-
fense over the project because sau-
nas are treasured in their homeland. 

" It is the Scandanavian ' national 
pastime,' " she suid. "Except that 
Scandanaviaisn ' tanation. It 's three 
countries. But you know what we 
mean." 

The president of Jenkins Con-
struction Company, which built the 
Main Gym and the auna, said that 
he felt terrible about offending the 
SSU. 

"I suy, tear the thing out." Srun 
Jenkins said. "It's so imponant for 
all of u ' to be bonded with the 
Scandanavian struggle." 

"But off the record, I think them 
cheese-eaters is all upset about noth-
ing. Don ' tquotemeon that." Jenkins 
said. 

Malek said that the SSU may 
decide to hold a continuous vigil 
outside the gymnasi um sometime 
in the future. 

"Does anyone want to camp ou t 
with me?" he asked. " Please? It' s 
really fun, honest! " 

DICK 
ContInued from page 1 
press. Atkinson gave a list of the 
issues he feels will be imponant 
during his tcnure as president . 

"TIle first thing I' ll do when I 
get there is buy a map," Atkinson 
suid. ") like to know what all the 
streets are called where I work . 
Then I'm planning on seeing if I 
can get enrollment numbers down 
and research monie up. 

"This will be the university of 
the future - by emphasizing re-

JOE 
Continued from page 1. 

Seveml outside nrunes have been 
mentioned as possible replacements 
for Atkinson. Among them are state 
schools chief Bill Honig, Revelle 
College Provost Thomas Bond. and 
former Dem()':r.ttic Presidential can-
didate Paul Tsongas. 

Honig is the mos t likely among 
the four to challenge Watson. The 
search committee is reportedly im-
pressed with his track record as head 
of the California school system and 
his unimpeachable c haracter. His 
candidacy has drawn suppon from 
the UCS D Women's ResourceCen-
ter. 

Said WRC spokesperson Molly 
McKay: " I'm thrilled. Bald men are 
so empowering." 

NEWS 3 

search. we will create rul educa-
tionalenvironment that will defi-
nitely benefit all students who 
are involved in that research," 
Atkinson said. 

Atkinson was then asked 
about the role played by student~ 
who will not be directly involved 
in research. 

" Well , they can get a job on 
canlpus. in the cafeteria or some-
thing." he said. ' 'I'm ~u re that 
will prepare them for the rest of 
their lives. That'll teach them not 
to be science majors." 

However, UCSD co-op member 
Andy Howard decried Honig. " He 
doesn't have any hair." Howard said. 
"And he's a fascist to boot." 

While Watson and Honig are 
considered the two strongest candi-
dates, Tsongas has dmwn the mo~t 
attention. 

"I can ' t bel ieve they'd even con-
sider a guy who sounds like Elmer 
Fudd," said brilliant UCSD poli ti-
cal analyst Peter Irons. 

However. a confused Tsongas 
has said that he isn't interested in 
any UC job. His office released a 
statement yesterday that read: "I 
don ' t want to be UC president. I 
want to be U.S. president. But since 
I don ' t have enough money, I want 
to be Bill Clinton's vice president. I 
want to be his running mate. I want 
to be his friend." 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

MeA T 
THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE at UC5D 

· The It I MCAT course in San Diego! 
• The Wt documented MCAT scores 
• ~ of proven success 
· The only course run by people in medicine, MCAT prep is 

our specialty and it's all we do! 
, Taught by top UCSD faculty and M .D.- PhD candidates 
who are experts in intensive MCAT prep 

• Taught on campus at the Medical School 
• Lectures, workshops, small study groups and free tutoring 
- Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW ENROLLING FOR SUMMER '92 CiOJ CALL (619)456 4848 



Oi?IGION 
.. OPINION 

EdiTorial Bored 
JASON SNOOK. Lackey in Chier 
PETEY HO. Managing Pimp 
BOOM BOOM HEARD. News 10 Her 
RA Y BOYCLUCK. King o' !he Pigs 

Tilt OfJlt,..".baIt it ~t*d c.ct ....... k .... .., t,klnfd f~ Ik ~ ... tJody C~. 04C' .... XI. 
Vew. " ponscd - 'Iff)" __ 1<,_,,,,,, "' ............. ......, bod. ..... _Iokl,_ 
o/ .. ..,..,o/· boyf ...... _ . ...... ,.w.... ..... u.·_....,.· ... _01 __ 

FEES, FEES, FEES! 

Quit Your Bitching and Pay Up 
What 's all this hubbub about student fees? h seems like a student 

can't walk across campus anymore without being accosted by a 
smelly mob of loudmouths in birkenstocks with chips on their 
shoulders and silly signs. llley march around the Price Center like 
a caravan of armadillos wearing cheap polyester suits and flower 
shirts with butterfly collars, screaming platitudinous nonsense and 
interrupting the lunches of all the beautiful people who choose to 
dine in the plaza like sunbathers on the beaches of SI. Tropez. What 
is their problem - other than the fact that they are Leftists? 

Students should not complain about fees. At worst, thi new 24 
percent fee hike is a necessary evil. At best, it is an excellent way to 
weed out all of the undesirables and the wacky Leftist types who 
hang out at the ChC and muse about how great things will be "afler 
the revolution comes." 

Fees are good because the administration is able to buy things. 
like more ads in the Disregllardian, more whiskey for the 
Disregllordiall editors, and first<lass plane tickets to Cancun for 
Disregllordiall taffers who write nice thing about RIMAe and bad 
things about that pesky University Center Board. 

Protesters, on the other hand, are bad Very bad. 1lley make a lot 
of noise, especially when they bang their drums and chant their 
recycled slogan. Unlike our good friends in the administration. 
these irksome whiners have no money, and they c-an't buy anything 
(like ads in the Disreguordiall. or more whi key for the editors) so 
they are essentially wonhJess. And beside, they wear really bad 
clothes and thei r hai r is long and messy. One especial 1 y loud woman 
protester wore a hideous lime-green colored pant uit with bell -
bottoms and screeched like a cot being lowered slowly into a meat 
grinder. Thi is too extravagant to be maintained. 

Loud pro tc~t, are especially rough on students with sensitive 
con~titut ions. Many students get splitting headaches and ringing 
ears when they listen to these protesters , with their bullhorns and 
hide us lime-green pantsuits. 

What happen when tudents get headaches and ringing ears? 
They go to Student Health Service , of course. Student Health 
cannot pos ibly handle all of these students with thei r splitting 
heada hes and ringing ears, and sore eye (from looking at ream-
ing protesters clad in hideous lime green pantsuits). It does not have 
the resources. As a result, the universi ty mu t rai~ fees to cover the 
risi ng medical costs of its incapacitated students. 

And that's just the tip of the iceberg. If the universi ty i going to 
provide a quality education for it tudent . it is going to need a 
quali ty faculty, and it cannot att ract a quality fa ulty if it doe not 
have a quality faculty club. The univers ity needs money to build 
bigger and better faculty club . It also needs money to cover cost 
incurred from ever-increasing alcohol taxes. A university wonh its 
salt cannot have a decent faculty club without lots of liquor. 

That's why the fee hike is good. and why the fee protesters are 
bad. So shut up and keep those checks coming. 

THOSE DAMNED CO-OPS 

Shut 'em Down, Board 'em Up 
What's aU the hubbub with these student co-ops? They're down there 

in that old wooden student center. seUing their bagels and Marxist 
propaganda, eXIOUing the virtues of granola and propagating their 
twisted visions of a socialist utopia. playing their reggae music, and 
apparently mismanaging funds. 

Our good friends in the administration seem to believe that there was 
some serious financial hanky-panky going on in the form of WIder the 
table, zenrinteresl loans. If what the administrnlion says is true - and 
we have no reason to believeothelWise- then the co-ops are doomed. 

Good riddance. We don't like the co-ops. They' re mostly a bunch of 
tie-dye-wearing socialists. Even worse, they're vegetarians. All they seU 
is soy "burgers" and fried rice. If a student wants a pastrami sandwich, 
he has to go to the Revelle Deli or Zip' Tununy Buster and get ripped 
off. Is thai in the best interest of the students? Hell no! Students need 
cheap, good pastrami sandwiches, and they're not getting them. 

The C<Hlps aren't serving the students as a whole; they're serving 
Monty Kroopk.in and his new incinerator lackeys. Student empower-
ment be damned. Shut the co-ops down and board them up. We don'l 
need them and we sure don't want them. What students really need is a 
meatco-op,orbetterstill, a surf co-op. Give the students something they 
can use, and save the granola. 

The Dilrcguardian April 1, 1992 

Student 
protesters? 
No Pnhlemo. 

COMMENTARY 

Goodbye Uberals, I Hate You All 
• After almost two years of unending ridicule, our resident 
conservative hack and his faithful bird Spiro hang it up 

Inthebeginningthcn:was 
the P.e. Quasi-Orwellian 
ThoughtPoIice.AndtheP.c. 
Thought Police overran col-
lege campuses all across the 
nation. and crushed freedom 
likeahounddogwouldcrush 
a flea A black cloud hovered 
overtheuniversity, and ilwas 
bad. Indeed. it was very bad. 

Two years ago I found 
UCSD in a state oftotaldisar-

THE LAST REJECT/< --: '. ':'. 

about me. Indeed, they wenI 
out of their way to tty to make 
me look bad. It was a typical 
Liberal media conspirdC)'. Of 
course, they explained thai all 
they received were letters that 
bashed me. But, again. I knew 
better. They were hiding the 
good letters from me, although 
I never found out where ex-
actly. No maner. Like ( said, I 

ray. TheLiber.ils n:igned supn:me.like tbeGreal Soviet 
Bear with its shaip claws. Indeed, the Liber.Ils were 
everywhere. The feminists, led by MoUy McKay, 
drove men into underground caverns where they sat 
around campfues and read Penlhouse magazine, con-
stantlyon tbe1ookout forthe Liberal 0ppress0r1OOught 
Police. lllere was much fear. Indeed, everyone was 
scared of the Liberals. 

Something had to be done. The Liberals bad to be 
stopped.. The oppres.'jCd had 10 be liberated Indeed, I 
was to be their liberator - my bird told me so. 

So I wrote. I wrote a lot. And I generalcdleuers. Lots 
of letters. The DisreguardimJ gal so many Ietk:n abour 
mycolumn. they hadtohireexuaSlatTenjusrtoproccss 
it all I w. obviously a t.Jge sua:ess. and dial made 
them jealous. Very jealous indeed. • 

More impcmItdy,l bqJm 10 frigmn die UberaIs. 
They wm:rJ'tpn:pan:d forSOlllCOlIe like mt'~1 scared 
tbcm.1 hun them. Indeed. they WCK no maach for my 
superio: inteDect and my fonmost writing. 

TheY began writing and saying bad lhingsaboul me. 
Bll, as a wise man once said, sbcb and stones might 
bl'cakmybonesbufnames(Iike"fascistpig"IQ1"Tom 
Mc:Izger wannabe") will never hurt me. I've always 
been able to take aiticism, so Iheir feeble a:mpts 81 
cutting me down had no affi:IcL I was like rubber and 
they were like glue. Indeed. anyChinathey saidbouoccd 
off of me and stuck to diem. 

Bll,asI saidbefore.theediIorsoftheDisnpardion 
bCJcame jeaIousofmy inuneoIelUlXlallandpopullrity. 
It bCJcame increasingly obviouslblt my wridngwas f. 
IIIOIeprobingandmeaninsfW .... anyttms they ~ 
producing. So, like jealous IIIIIIJics, !hey made an 
unholy COVCIIIId with the Libc:rtIIs 10 ruin me.1ndCIcd, 
they Slancd to "dumb up" my II1icIeI by IIIIIking 
superfluous chanps. They Iried 10 laS' _they were 
simply editing for 81-.0 •• II1II cIIricy, but I 1cnew 
beuc:r. They jusa WIdCd to mike me look bad. 

ButtheycouJdonly~myllticalOmuchSo. 
to insw1= thai my JqJUIIOJn would be ~ 
destroyed. they begin 10 only prill! nepM ..... 

love criticism. 
But then the Liberals Slarted playing diny. I could 

live with the negarive letters. I could live with the 
intenticnalJybadediting.lndeed.Ievenremainedsilent 
when the Liberals ~ theDisreguardian to only 
publish my column every other week, r:uherthan once 
a week. But when they began summoning dark elves 
frolll the Netherworld to pierce me with darts coated 
withLiberal drugs, things begantogetout ofhand. And, 
a'ifthatwasn't badenougb,theysent Liberal assassins. 
disguised as Amway sa1csmen, to confuse me and 
make me write bad. And then theylricdtohypnotizemy 
bird, Spiro. Indoed, that was the last straw. 

I have been abused and attacked for two years now, 
and I musrsay I have hadenouglL Stop it,dammil. Quit 
it ['m serious. I'm tirrd of you UberaIs trying to rain on 
my pnde. Don't you know who I am? I'm Hack 
&rman, dammit, and don't you ever forget it nu, 
campus would be nottmg without me. 

Indeed, I tunIed this campus on its ear. I raised 
inIeIligenI debak: to new heights.1Q1 what do I get in 
mum? The goddamncd hypno-bem1. that's what! 
Spiro told me the Liberals wouJd by to dcsIroy me. I 
expected a b of abuse. But I didn't expea to be 
bombarded with high hquc:ncy nKIio waves from the 
Alldlllllieda galuy. ThaI ju5l isn', fair. 

Even now, die Libenilsare canptingtocontact the 
archdemon X"hquakyp in the other JaIm, tIw he 
~possess me and make me do Liberallhings. The 
Liberals will SlOp -1IOIbina to sikR:e me. 

Well. they wirLlquit I'vehadCAOUJhoftheh~ 
beam,tbedReM:s.andthrice-dlmnedAmwaysa1es-
men. So, on the advice of my failhfuI bUd Spiro. I'm 
goiogaway .ltbinHU go 110 Big Sur fer a whiJeandget 
my lad togedIer. After that, I wUJ go to Oleyeme, 
Wyomins. wh= r will wad: for an old rom named 
Ray, 

Andafta'lbat,l don 'I know whaI I'll do. B .. I won't 
bccomingback here, that'sforsure. Nosir,you I..iberolls 
woo't haveBcnnanto kictaroundll1ymore. Go to hell, 
all of you. Believe me. you don'l know what you'n: 
bin .. Indeed. 

April I, 1992 

RATULENCE 
ConIInued from .... 0 
just don't know. Why meT' Orozco 
asked. 

"It sure as hell wasn't me," said 
A.S. Vice President-External 
Siamalc Malek. ") was out protest-
ing at the time. And besides, healthy 
Che Cafe food won't do anything 
like that to you. " 

Malek added, however, that he 
considered the entire event "di -
gusting." 

1llecouncil eventually tabled the 
motion, and moved on to other, more 
pressing busines : a request by the 
Continuous Vigil against Fee In-
creases to fund a van trip to the San 
DiegoliJo. 

"1be animals are trapped, just 
like us students," Malek said in sup-
port of the request. "We are all zoo 
animals. You, Auggie-you'rethe 
sloth. Mike Holmes, you're a bear. 
And [-I am the great and powerful 
weaseL" 

"We must know the animals to 
know ourselves. And if we don't 
know ourselves, the animals won't 
respect us," said UCB chair, WRC 
member, and oft-quoted person 
Molly McKay. "And all we want is 
the animals' respect. And monkeys." 

TIle A.S. eventually funded the 
plan, as well as approving the fund-
ing of an A.S. retreat to teach 
councilmembers how to more ef-
fectively bicker. 

List 0' 
Fools 

Phil Gruen 
Herbert Schiller 
Zachary Bennan 
Dick Atkinson 

Joe Watson 
Siamak Malek 

Steve Lutz 
John Grondalski 
Auggie Orozco 
Jorge Rosental 
. Gary Jackson 
Craig Elsten 

Jennifer Danek 
Brett Rhyne 

Matt Schnurer 
Candy Apple 

Andy Howard 
Joanne Tashiro 

ElyRabani 
Bard-Alan Finlan 
Daniel Finkenthal 

Molly McKay 
Paul Eykamp 
Victor Nieblas 

Tommy Tucker 
Jim Carruthers 

Ian Bamard 
Patrick Carroll 

The Disreguardian 

ZETA BETA TAU 

NEWS 5 

~lIl1~lfIN(; (~O. 
UeSD 
"IGH' Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
'ILSNERS ~~~ 0 9~\ "'" ~~\Ol"'" 

I.------"The best fish and sandwich place in La Jollo' 
Sun,·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 

• Lunch 

11 am·2 am 
rush begins Apr. 1st 

for info. call Troy at 587-8034 or Jason at 558-4602 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

_

NOBODY 
· KNOWS 
• LIKE 
· .. DOMINO'S. 

Haw You Uk2 Ptzza AI Home. 

DOMINO'S PIZZA GUARANTEES 

Hours: 
11 am-1 am 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w student 10 

PRODUCT GUARANTEE SERVICE GUARANTEE CARRY OUT GUARANTEE 
If you're not happy with your pizza for ANY If your pizza doesn't arrive within 30 minutes 
REASON, call the store manager IMMEDIATELY from the time you order, you will receive $3.00 
and we'll replace it and refund your money. OFF your order. 

Call ahead or stop by and your pizza is guarantl'ed to 
be ready in 12 minutes or $3.00 OFF. 

r.-----------------i-----------------~ 
I : 
I LATE NIGlIT SPECIAL! MEDIUM 2 MEDIUM PIZZAS 

WITH 2 TOPPINGS MEAL DEAL 
& A SIX-PACK OF COKE® $ 75 plusta. $1299 "~'U 9 

Two Medium pizzas each with TWO toppings and a.6-pack of Coke Medium Two-Topping pizza and Two Cokes for ONLY 59.75. 
for ONt Y 512.99. Delivery or Carryout. Please menhon offer when Please mention offer when ordering. Delivery or Carryout. 

CALL~S!;~~'UCSD IIL:=r!i: CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 11==' 
""' • ...,_-__ . ~_,-ID . INO'S ""' ..... _.., __ . ~-..,. ... ID . ~INO'S 

_., __ 12000 __ cllMng. Our_ClllY __ I2O.00 . _ 

=~0ur_'*'Y ., Haw~UlwPl .... AlHome No-.EJopINo3la1lQ. How'llouUk.PluaAlHom< 
.... _-.... ----------------------------------_ ... 1----



6 The UCSD Disreguardian Aprill 

YOURN~ 
AND VIDEO 

uSle 

HOT 
VIDEOS 

FOR YOUR 
VIEWING 

L:....tiftn sin<e 'K""" IJ. the funniest (omUIIN....... ' Prvor ond W'llU'IIf, l'I\OI'e funny business In 

RENlI 
GET I FREE _'J Dnlor are up to wme onu I " ~M01"El 'iOU. 

~----------------
•• 11:+_ 

RENT 1 GET 1 FREE 
Of EQual 01 lESSEI VAl .. 

I UMfT5 fR[[V~Rf'>toIGoodfor()r,.\IPII'Ofl~ • 
I (0Vf~ p .. l'Of,,<xtof\ C~MIt ~ ( on-(wn«t _1tI my ~ 

(GUpOI'lOf .... No! A:f'(~.He' OI' (mh s.:tn<brd Rentui 
I Pc'K'~ ~ .. "r OJ JER GCOO AT ' .t.pncIP ... nNC Sf ES L _~'-~':':./~~ ____ I~,~ IJ~I_ 

See Coupon Below 

CLAIREMONT COLLEGE AREA 
5620 BALBOA AVE. (619) 495-0054 6402 (l CAJON IL (619) 229-8403 

ENCINITAS POINT LOMA LA JOlLA 

RE! 

WHEM'OU ROO 
.1111_ 

ASI LOR AN • THIATI~= GOO fOR A RI (OlE & (OR 
'WI~I'AJ111G ~~s ONLY. 

. S ESTOU • AILS 

Pr.,()rW y_ c." Of JOt otItY 
101 DAUUTIA .. S $18.98 
AIID G(T A MlKK • ..w. min 
PlUS (OUPO" $1 0 
"(1 &OOD fOR o..c-

1465 (HONITAS IL (619) 633-1115 3165 ROSECRANS IL (619) 222-0525 1101 VilLA LA JOlLA DR. (619) 455-1911 

April 1, 1992 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ExceUent Summer Employment 
OpportunIty in Alaskan Fishery . Work 
20 hours a day for mealy wages I 
Immerse yourself in fishgutl Lose 
fingers , toes, and other appendages in 
the whirling, deadly earring machine. 
Cal 619-5464. Ask for Ray. (411) 
RlSC is etecting new officers for 1992-
93! Apply ledayl Open positions: beer 
manager, vice president in charge 01 
kegs, beer buyer, and treasurer. Pick 
up an application in the Finlan Center. 
Do it nowl (411) 

EMPLOYMENT 
E.-n$$$S$simplybyaossing the U.S.-
Mexico border wi1h important package. 
Cal Medellin, Inc. al 533-0565. Ask for 
·Paco." (411) 
FLATULENCE up your alley? 
GEHrT ALS your cup of tea? Then have 
_ got a deal for you . Write for us. 
Please. Call Steve. 534-4735. (411) 

HOUSING 
ROOM FOR RENTI Plush carpeting in 
center of modern. art deco building. 
Desk. chair Included. Live musical 
entertainment each afternoon. Food, 
movie, music, books just a step away. 
Call x4678 for more information. and 
key. Ask for Man. (411) 

WANTED 
Wanted for research project: Male 
Students between the ages of 18-24 
who don't bruise easily and are A-
negative blood type. Will receive $4 
stipend plus any physical therapy costs. 
Call Dr. Von Bulow at 627-8817. (411) 
FIorIde Death Row Inmate would like 
to start correspondence wi1h any 20-yr. 
old coeds. Send address. photo. and 
plasler cast of skull 10 Eddie "The 
Broomstlck- Delvecclo, Askew 
Penitentiary, Orlando, FL 89723 (411) 
Will pay cash lor bootleg Iron Butterfly 
tapes, CDs. Call 621 -001. Ask for 
Sasha. (4/1) 

The Disrcguardian 7 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Will pay $40 cash lor any used luton. 
Call EarI's House of Fulons, Miramar 
Rd .• 523-9233. (411) 

LOST & FOUND 

Classified advertising is sold because we're greedy bastards, The rate per word is 
$100/or studellls (becallse we hate you most) ,free/or /aculty and staff, and $4/01' 
those writing in French. Payment with olle's soul is required: worship Satall and all 
things will be possible. Deadlines are ignored by the Disreguardian slaff The 
Disreguardian reserves Ihe right to challge ads 10 make the allthors look/oolish. For 
more in/ormation call EDNA . Worship LIS. Worship the hypno-beam. 

Lost - one severed human h •• d . If 
found, please retum to Dr. Watson's 
office. Rewardl (4/1) 

FOR SALE 
Front Row tickets slill available for raging 
Anne Murray-Bachman Turner 
Overdrive twin bill at the Spor1s Arena. 
Call Tilo at 534-4736. (411) 

Students with elephantltl. wanted for 
study on effects of wringing through 
juicer. Must be 18-23, from New Mexico, FUTONS 
Nevada, or Juneau, Alaska. Must be Futon, with something that resembles 
rigilt-handed,drive a jeep and eat meat. a frame yet isn't one at all. I'm really 
~II pay. Call Candy, x4555. (411) tired of sleeping on this lumpy piece of 

crap. It can be yours for only $501 Rex , 
EARN $40,0001 Unbelievably gullible? 554-2933. (4/1) 
Greedy beyond belief? Looking for the 
quick fix? Jusl plain stupid? Then get LIKE FUTONS? I sure oon'l, Can't 
taken in by this get-rich scheme. Earn siand them. So buy mine. Already got 
money for just walching air . F~I out one? This one wiU make an ideal second 
simple "likelOon't like" form in the futon for office, car, or living room. For 
comfort 01 your own home . those of you who can't get enough of 
GUARANTEED PAYCHECKI Call 1- that lumpy, sleeping-on -the-floor 
900 number. 24 hours a day. Jusl $5 feeling. $45. Frame not included. Call 
per minute I 1-900-382-5968. (411) Carl, x5995. (411) 

--------------------------~ 
1992 UCSD 

UNDERWATER ARTS AUt FESTIVAL 
"Passport to the Sea" 

Presented at: UCSD Price Center 
: Auditorium, Saturday, April 11 

, 13:30 / 6:00 18:30 p.m. 

FRAME WITHOUT FUTONI The 
sleeping experience of a lifetime. Almost 
as comfortable as sleeping on the futon. 
Sleeping on fine steel construction will 
make you a he-man. $32. Call Willy, 
594-4393. (4/1) 

POEMS 
At night, with my hot dog, I enter the 
city. There, I see the people with the 
canned hams. They see me. And 
together, we worship Farmer John. 

• 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587-4844 

COSTA 
VER.DE ~ (ARWASH 

WER£CYClE 
OUAWATEA 

z.@ 
--UCSD 

~ La Jolla Vllla,_ Or . UTC I II I 1: .. 1 Dr . ~ ~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------! _ FullService 399 ! 

: ~?~6~ P~!! ~'!.lt~~ ~"OO : 
I C -\R WASh No4 valicht,i1l131l'/ o1tief oller. SAVE $4.01 I 

Exports ' l3092 I I 
------------------------

AIM FOR 
SUCCESS 
i4UfWUI;lwUII\·f!· 

PREP CLASS START DATES: 

GRE: APRIL 27 
LSAT: MAY 4 
GMAT: MAY 11 
MeAT: JULY 6 

(61 9)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT 



8 SPOR.TS 

Whining is Not an 
Honorable Thing 
MARK MY WORDS: ntERE I no honor in whining. I wi ll not whine like a 
pansy human. like a weasely lillie 
hack ... like a little flower. Like 
Hack Berman. our gentle colum-
nisI. 

I will whine. though. I will 
whine because I am a man. 
because I know the value of spon 
- of sweaty people grunting and 
beating each other senseless in an 
atlemptto show superiority. 

I will whine about women. and 
about profes ional spons teams. 
The two are not connected. There 
are no w men on professional 
spons teams. Except for Kathy 
Ireland in that movie Necessmy 
Roughness. And I think that mule 
that was in that old Disney movie 
might have been a woman. like 
Rin Tin Tin. Or Las ie. 

Necessary Roughnl'ss was a 
bad movie. There is no h nor in 
making a bad movie. Or watching 
il. 

I am h n rable. I am Ken. 
C D i~ a Division III school. 

They pia teams like haminade. 
like Franklin & Man.hall. 

There is no hon r in playing 
Franldin & Marshall. ll,ere is 

nly !lhame. Shame. ham ~ on me. 
hame n Ken. 

I am filled with shame. because 
I am here with those without 
honor. I could have gone to a 

hool with honor. A school that 
does not play Franklin & 
Marshall. 

I COULD IIAVE GONE to Illinois. There is honor in Il1inoi.. Yes, 
honor. Honor. and com. Lots of 
com. 

There are other th ing with 
honor. Let me tell you about them. 

Tractor Pulls are honorable. 
Only true men. true honorable 
men - true warriors - can pull 
each other with big ropes and 
large vehicle . 

I am a warrior. I am Ken. 
The Dodgers are honorable. 

They hit a ball moving very fast. 
and they hit it very far. They do 
nOl yield to the pain they may feel 
when hit by the ball. 

They are also from Southern 
California. They are good. 

Vikki Van Duyne is honorable. 
She i a volleyball player, and a 
good one. We all like her. 
Especially Jason, my overlord. 

U CSD SPORTS FANS have no honor. They say they care 
about the school. They say they 
love the athletic program here. 

But they don' t go to games. 
They are without honor. 

People throw darts at my 
picture, sometimes. I know they 
do il. They do it because they 
don't like me - perhaps because 
I am Ken. And because I am 
honorable. 

Throwing darts i not honor-
able. Especially throwing them at 
me. But I will not whine about it. 
Whining is without honor. 

SPORTS 
April 1, 1992 

UCSD Will Make Move to NCAA Division IV 
By SIp Roberts 
America 's Favorite Red 

In a urprise move, the UCSD 
athletic depal1ment announced 
last week that the school would 
compete in the NCAA' Divi-
sion IV beginning in the fall o f 
1990. 

UCSD. currently a DivL ion 
III school. wi ll now compete 
against j unior college. voca-
tional school. . and selected high 
school junior varsity team .. 

"Now the Triton will domi-
nate!" cried Spons Information 
Director Bill Gannon. "With this 
move to Division IV, we will 
never lose again." 

According to Gannon, the ath-
letic depanment voted to move 

down in divi ions to save money 
and continue the dominance of 
UCSD teanlS. 

"I mean. why move to Divi ion 
11, which cost more. when you can 
move to Divi ion IV and play 
school like Pomona Technical In-
tilUleor Stockton Community Col-

lege?" asked Gannon. 
"Be ides, if I have to schedule 

one more game with La Verne. I'm 
going to bust a ve in." he added. 

Basketball coach Tom Marshall 
said that he is quite happy with the 
move. and said that he looks for-
ward to the Triton • first game with 
the San Clemente Junior College 
Accountants next fall. 

''I'm quite happy with the move. 
I can' t wait to play San Oemente 

Junior CoJlege next fall ," aid 
Marshall. 

"I have nothing more to add," he 
added. 

Some students. however, have 
expre sed di may over the athletic 
depanment ' decision. 

"Doe this mean we aren 't going 
to .have a football teamT' queried 
confused Warren College sopho-
more Gregg Wrenn. 

The Triton will be joining the 
Southern California Athletic 
League, which hal been dominated 
in recent years by the Augora 
Lutheran Institute. Gannon pre-
dicted that the Tritons will soon be 
the top team in the SeAL. 

"We're going to hand them their 
See IV, Page 44 

K-' MIIdInI~ 
Sports Information Director Bill 
Gannon said that the move to 
Division IVisgoodforcost~ng. 

Triton Hardballers 
Dethrone Kingsmen 
By BenROIet 
Resident Thesaurus 

The UCSD hardballers raised 
their record to 8-0-2 with a 5-4 
clubbing o f Cal Lutheran 's 
diamond men at the Tritons' sand-
lot. The victory was the Triton ' 
sixth in a row. matching theirgmnd-
est run of the past olympiad. 

The knockers picked up the win-
ning run on a ba-;e on balls in the 
bottom of the eventh . Senior 
luggaholic Doran Yount came in 

with the winners' winner. 
The run was set up when Yount 

drove a two-bagger into the right-
center pasture. He was sacrificed to 
third. but the batsman reached safely 
when the third sacker launched the 
throw into the cheap seats. The next 
stick-wielder, freshman .prospect 
Dave Valdez, reached on a free pass, 
and then Yount was forced across 
the plate after Cal Lutheran hurler 
Michael Stone, who came on in 
relief in the founh. tossed four 
straight wide of the WIlC. 

dinger inru. manygarnes. The foul1h-
inning round-tripper chased four 
ducks around the pond. and tied the 
score after the Triton fieldmae tros 
had given up four in the fi rst. 

"The horsehide sphere looked as 
big as the moon:' said the tyranno-
saurus Rex. who 'e mighty lumber 
ha brought loome much-needed 
thunder to UCSD·. queue. 

The last also KO 'd Cal 
Luther.m · southpaw slinger Eric 
Thorn en. Thomsen was sent to the 
bathhouse without a W fortheeighth 
cootest in a row. "I don 't know 
what' wrong with the boy. He ain ' t 
pitchin' right: ' ~aid Cal Luther.tn 
Head Coach "Smokey" Joe Ray. 

UCSD was also the benefactor 
of some stellar play at the hot comer 
counesy of David Bloom who 
pearedasereaming liner with chick-

ens on the pond in the sixth. 

EmesI Borgrine/~cUn 
The Tritons racked the hapless Kingsmen for a plethora of runs, including 
a grand dinger by first sacker David Rex in the tertiary frame. 

Junior mound man Ryan 
Aanagan chucked the distance to 
pick upthe win forUCSD. "Ryan is 
hurling outstanding:' aid UCSD 
Head Coach Lyle Yates. "Our 
lhrowboys are cookin' now." 

First sacker David Rex led the 
offensive onslaught with his second 

The poi Is of the victory solidi-
fied the Triton dinboys' No. 8 na-
tional ranking. There is some uncer-
tainty as to when bids to the College 
World Series will be announced. 
"Bids?" said UCSD Spons Infor-
mation Director Bill Gannon. "I 
don 't know anything about bids. 
We. haven ' t received any informa-
tion. I don't know if we know whether 
or not we'lI know if we get a bid. You 
might want to call the Times." 

Watson Leads Rugby to 12-5 Win 
By Spec RIchardson 
Rugby Team Captain 

The UCSDrugby team stormed toa 12-
.5 win over the Western School of Law 
yesterday near the airport. 

The Tritons were led by new team mem-
ber Joseph Watson, who also serve as 
UCSD's Vice Chancellor for Undergradu-
ate Affairs. 

"I never played any sports in college," 
Watson explained. "So I still have my 
eligibility. " 

"Joe told me he wanted to play," said 
rugby Coach Joe McMaster. "He said he 
really liked rugby, because it was the one 
pon that really allowed him to beat the 

crap out of ocher people, .. 
Watson was a tenor on the fteld against 

the Western School of Law, ripping into 
the would-be bike injury lawyers with fierce 
abandon. 

Watson was mo t effective during a 
scrum in the first period of play. 

"That serum thing was great," Watson 
said. "There was blood everywhere." 

Also leading the way for the Tritons 
was senior Marvin Fink, who seored five 
points and knocked out five law students. 

Watson was second in scoring for the 
Tritons, with 4 points - but he led Fink 
when it came 10 knockouts. The banling 
vice chancellor knocked out seven West-
ern Law opponents. 

". think I'd sue, if I knew how," said 
Western School of Law student Richard 
Toscano. "Bull can't hear anything in my 
classes. Too much noise from the airport," 

Sports Information Director Bill 
Gannon didn't know if there has been a 
rugby player as old as Watson. 

"Ask the Union," Gannon said. "What 
do I look like, an encyclopedia?" 

THIS WEEK IN UCSD SPORTS 

DMe Event TIme 

Apr. 1 Baseball at Stanfofd 6:24 a.m. 
BowIillf v. Menlo 6' Pizza Bowl 7:15 p.m. 

Apr. 2 PuttM 0 Family Fun Ctr. 10:02 a.m. 
Cur1i~ v. USC 6' leCh Hsu Rink . 12:37 p.m. 
Luge 6' Aorence School of Beauty AllDay 

Apr. 3 Darts v. Alabama School d I<niYes AllDay 
M. Kickboq. Van Damme Arena 7:30p.m. 

Apr. 4 W. Kic:kboxirW 0 Tex Cobb Open 7:30 a.m. 
yahtlee • Nebraska Sch. of Mines 12:30 p.m. 
Bocce Ball v, Ohio Sch. of Orares AlINeht 
Tether Ball v. RFK Elementary Recess 
AMIaI S.D. BMX-oi8ffia v. SDSU, After the 
USO, CSU San Man:os Truck PUU 

Apr. 5 Croquet v. SW Puerto Rico Scxihem I Noon 
L.umberjackIrW • Edinburgh St 1 1332 GMT 


