
Elsewhere 
R .... tsBoost 
MilOltty Lancuace 
Unit R8Ieardi 
SANTA BARBARA -The 
Unguisric Minority Research 
Project was initialed at UC Santa 
Bartma in order to establish a 
vehicle for the interdisciplinary 
research of language minority 
children. The project comes in 
response to a request by the stale 
to do more researcb in the area. 
The institute will offer granlS to all 
nine UC campuses to undertake 
the study. 

BIke 'DIeft Problem 
Out of Coi.bol 
DAVIS - UC Davis police have 
had a record number of reported 
bike thefts ince the beginning of 
the 1992-93 school year, with a 
current average of four to seven 
bicycl stolen per day. At thi 
rate, UCD police project that 
approximately 2.500 bikes could 
be stolen thi year, more than 
double those reponed stolen last 
year. 

Jesse Jackson Rally 
Held at UCSB 
SANTA BARBARA - During 
his Southern C11ifomia swing. the 
Reverend Jesse Jackson thundered 
into UCSB last Friday and stressed 
the importance of the tudent vOle 
in Santa Barbam, especially to 
'upport Democrat Bill Walla e\ 
bid to remain Santa Barbara 
County' 3rd District Supervisor 
and Gloria Ochoa's race for the 
22nd Congressional District. He 
also spoke of America' ~ growing 
disillusionment with the Bush 
Administration, stressing global 
cooperation instead of the United 
States as the sole uperpower. 

Indecent Exposure 
Suspect Arrested 
SAN DIEGO - Police arrested a 
48-year old San Diego man and 
charged him with indecent 
exposure after a passerby told them 
he saw the man masturbating in his 
vehicle parked near a campus 
sorority house 31 San Diego State 
University. John Louis Polovick 
was issued a misdemeanor citation 
and released. 

Inside 

A DRAG 
IPICTACU: A glimpse into 
the recreational drug culture of 
UCSD. 4 

SPORi_ Men's soccer tied 
Cal Luthenm, keeping their faint 
playoff hopes alive. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS •...•........... ......... 2 
OPINION ............. .................. 4 
SPECTACLE ............................ SI 
CALENDAR .......................... S8 
CUSSIFIEDS ...................... .. 12 
SPORTS ............................... 16 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC ANDIEGO MONDAY, ocroBER 12, 1992 VOLUME 77, I UE6 

New Proposal May Avert Co-op Eviction 
CO-OP CRISIS: AS. and administration ~gin new 
negotiations to give AS. more accountability for co-ops 

in his letter to Holmes. 
The deal would require that the AS. 

pa.'>S an annual resoluti n ~ating that the 
co-op~ are "operJting in the reo.t inter-
~t~ of all tudents:' the letter continues. 

By francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

As the Oct. 31 eviction deadline 
approache , representatives from the 
student co-ops, Associated StudenlS :U1d 
the administration are working on a last 
minute proposal to end the year-old 
crisi . 

jeeted by the co ps during the ~ummer 
with me new concessions. Key pro-

posal~ include granting the co-ops !>IU-
dent organization status and an interim 
agreement which would remove the 
AS. from complete liability for the co-
ops until it has autonomy. 

"What we 've been saying all along 
is that the admini~trJt ion !>houldn't be in 
Ian oven.ightl position ... all the AS. 
has to do is conle forward," said Tucker 
on Friday. 

Assistant Vi e Chancellor of Stu-
dent Programs and Fa ilities Tom 
Tucker nt a letter to AS. President 
Mike Holmes on Friday spelling out a 
newofferto give the AS. oversight over 
co-op operations. 

'" am writing to propose that 
ASUCSD assun1e liability 4I1d account-
ability for all aspects of the c p. 
A UCSD would protect the welfare 

andloo"afterthe~tintere.L~of SD 

A.S. ~ident Mike Holme ' said 
y~terday that "I think it's last-ditch 
negOliations that are going to work ... I 
think we have something here." 

Ilowever. Hohnes expres.-.ed COll-
cern that the univcr.iity may be trying to 
give the AS. more authority than it 

See CO-OPS, Page 7 The proposal is similar to one re-

tudenlS. All financial and operational 
arrangemenlS would beestabli hed and 
enforced by ASUCSD," Tu ker Mates 

WE BE JAMl\flN' ... 

Jason Ritchie/ Guardian 
The ... nual UCSD ReggaeFest mellowed out the PrIce Center on Saturday afternoon. 

Gays, Lesbians and Bisexuals Celebrate 
National Coming Out Day at UCSD 
LGBA: Sturents "came out of the closet" 
during a noontime rnlly on the Hwnp, 
By francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Nearly 30 students caIne "out of the closet" during 
UCSD' s observance of the third annual National Coming 
Out Day Friday afternoon at the Hump. 

Members of the UCSD Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual 
Association (LGBA) called the rally very successful. 

The event was organized by the LGBA and the Queer 
Campus organization at UCSD. 

National Coming Out Day is celebrated nationally as 
a "positive. affirmative, pro-active statement by lesbians 
andgay men everywhere," according to literature distrib-
uted by ~ National Coming Out Day organization in 
New Mexico. 

A door frame was positioned behind a microphone on 
the gym steps. Students came through the doorway to 
symbolize their coming out of the cioset before speaking 
at the micropholle. 

A letter read to the noon gathering chronicled the 
rejection of friends and family faced by those who come 
out of the closet. The letter, by a student who identified 
himself only as • Shawn,' stated that he was till glad he 
acknowledged his sexuality. 

"By telling people who I really am, I take away their 
power to do it for me," he wrote. 

Later on in the event Shawn came forward and 
addressedthecrowd. "Ju t theothernightmy Mom asked 
why can 't I just be normal. Well, following your own 
sexuality is nonnal," he said 

The rally was attended by about 150 students, most of 
whom watched the proceedings with quiet interest. There 
were no demonstrations against the event. 

However, according to LGBA member Deborah 
Kir1dlam, homophobia i still a problem on campus. "I 
think homophobia is widespread on campus, but I think 
it's subtle," she said. 

Most students made only brief statemenlS after corn-
ing on stage. 

See LORA, Page 7 

Gu1/ld,an file photo 
Assistant Vice Chancellor Tom 
Tucker proposed a solution. 

Students 
Allowed to 
Defer Fees 
BUDGET: Fee hike 
prompt a policy to give 
students more time to pay 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

A new progmm will allow UCSD 
~tudents to pay their registration fees in 
severJI increments when financial diffi-
culties arise. 

The UCSD Deferred Payment Plan 
(DPP) wa:. enacted over the summer 
and is avai lable to al\ students. 

The DPP was proposed by Bursar 
Office Manager Howard Fischer in 
conjunction with studenlS and adminis-
trators of the UCSD Financial Advisory 
Group. 

Many of the UC campuses have 
been debating imilar plans to help stu-
dents during the current budget cri is. 

Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate 
Affairs Joseph WalSon said he believes 
the DPP will have a positive effect on 
students. 

"As long as we can facilitate and 
make it convenient for studenlS to pay 
fees. it will be beneficial to both the 
students and the univer.iity:' he said. 

The DPP i designed to allow tu-
denL'> an opportunity to pay their regi -
tration fees in three in tallments. At 
least one-third i due by the regular 
regi tration fee deadline, and the bal-
ance is due in two in !alIment'> during 
the rest of the quarter. 

All students in good academic tand-
ing are eligible to apply for deferred 
payments. Students using the DPP are 
nO( required to be on other form of 
fUlancial aid to qualify. 

"Approval is pretty much automati-
cally assured, as long as the student i in 
good financial and academicstanding ... 
we are trying to make this as absolutely 
paper-free as possible," said Fischer. 

Associ3led StudenlS President Mike 
Holmes said !hal the DPP is one of the 

See FEES, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

ENVIRONMENT: The.co-op will no longer recycle 
paper after dropping newspaper pick-ups las[ monm 
By LelCb-Ann Collins 
Guardian Reporter 

The Recycle: CIHlp has ended its on-
campus white and computer paper recy-
cling program. The co-op could no longer 
afford to subsidize the losses it was tak-
ing. 

Thiscomeson the heels oflast month' s 
discontinuation of all other newspaper 
recycling on campus. Botl) moves were 
made due to the decline in the recycled 
paper market. 

to disappear as the futureof the co-ops is 
foughl OUI," said Hurst. 

TIle Recycle: Co-op itself has oct 
been Ihrealened with evictioo because il 
does /lOI engage in retail operations. 

According to Hurst, the co-op was 
infonned by Phy ical Plant Services 
(pPS) about 18 months ago that il would 
begin a new recycling program. ThaI 
program was 10 be up and running by 
ili is fall . but budget cuts have sta1Ied the 

proposal. 
PPS has been un-

able to expand past the 
original ix recycling 
ites that were !leI up in 

the pilot program. 
"Basically. there is 

/lOI a need for recycled 
paper. It is a very soft 
market." said Hurst. 

When the co-op first 
started its paper recy-
cling program fiveyears 
ago. it actually made a 
profit. according to Re-
cycle Co-op member 
Daniel l1 ur.:.1. TIle CD-
op had been u~ing the 
money earned from pa-
per recycling to expand 
the program and hire 
employees. 

Tho<,e arrange-
menl~ were based on 
the deal worked out 
between Solana Recy-
clers and the co-op twD-
and-:\-half yean. ago. 
Sol:toa Recyclers paid 
the Recycle Co-q> four 
cents per pound of 
white paper and five 
centsperpoundofcom-
puter paper. 

"We were 
uslngourr. 
serves to au ..... 
clze the paper 
recyclng pr0-
gram, but our 
reserves have 
dwlncled and 
.. expected 

TIle reason for the 
poor markel, ex-
plained Hurst. is that 
recycl ing companies 
have not been able to 
pay as much for paper 
g , gl~ and alu-
minum because they 
haven't been making 
as much money. 

In 1989. the Cali-
fornia Stale legisla-
ture passed a bill that 
decreased the amOWlt 
of money that recy-
cling companies, such 
as theCalifomia Glass 
Recycling Corpora-
tion. receive for re-
cycled products. 

WhenSolanaRecy-
c1ersdropped their pay-
ment to onc-and-a-half 
cent per pound for 
white paper and noth-
ing for computer paper. 

todtappe_. 
the future of 
the co-ops Is 
fought out. " 

the Recycle Co-op had to use its reserve 
funds to subsidize its operation. 

"I project that from last April to April 
of '93. we would have cut a loss of about 
$1!XXl:' said Hursl 

ThiswJScompounded bysever.tlother 
developments that cut into the Recycle 
Co-op's resources. 

Last April. the California Glass Recy-
cling COIpOrarion beg:to paying the CD-
op half of its previous price of $40 a too. 
Beforethat reduction. the co-op had made 
20 pdcent of its money from the glass 
recycling market, accoo!ing to Hurst. 

The Rccycle CIHlp has also been 
helping the other CIHlpS in their legal 

~~ilithe~in~oowM~ 
from its reserve fund 

"We were using our reserves to subsi-
dize the paper recycling program, but our 
resetVes have dwindled and are expected 

Those losses have 
been passed on to recyclers uch as the 
Recycle Co-op, according 10 Hurst. 

At present it i cheaper for compa-
nies to use "virgin" wood rather ilian 
used paper because thegovemmenl sub-
sidizes timber companies such as Geor-
gia PacifIC. Hurst said 

That policy makes it much more 
economical for companies to buy paper 
products produced from newly-cut 
wood, he said. 

In November, the campus planning 
committee ~U discu recycling alter-
natives, and wiu tty to generate enough 
money 10 P" the recycling program 
back in business. 

Until an alternative plan is devel-
oped. students or staff wishing to re-
cycle any type of paper wiu have to 
take it to a local off campus shopping 
center. 

Write for the au.dbm 
We are always looking for new writers. For more infonna-
lion, stop by the Guardian office on the MCond floor of 

the Old Student Center. Or call 534-6580. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 12,1992 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 

I SET nJ'IIE loll 
"T\\I~~I~'-~ , ~ \)ID 
~ CL()n\[S ~ To 1\1£ 
~T f:E 1\l. ctJ.% ALl.. 

II't ~M'3(L~~· 

BRIEFLY ... 

AIClItfIItI lOOl.! ~1tE'5 .. 
1'Il<E c:/i C~LK flMTlt¥:. 
NlDJt(O! Paal'( ~aD. If.M ~ 
~. ~~AAO~ 

~'f. I . C,lll/I!ol. ~~ 
l\JIII\ED lI.'f:.t.r ~ISl81£! 

\ 
-. 

." 

~ .. r: 1'r£S( UI(~'l£.O 
~l~""S. 1£1lL'~ .. 
!fJM.BER IN 1-IOR11L (~~r 
'IIt~ ~K<m4lR . OlE Ck 
i\\~ Ie:. ~"G 1'06{:\ 

~lRK1CD. !NT 'f(\\i~~ . 
'ICI\~r WIll. BE lHT Ck HI""~ 

I~/ 
- ;:-

\r: IGI(O!WKI; I'" BlIS'S . 
nlls ~ 'It1JLD ~ 
TO 1£ A ~l\I'l.AA~ "mMVf 

~ '(OOR ""~T l\) OEPR\'/[ lIE 
CIi 1Im\IoIe;S. I\\~ I'IlR'SUIT 
c:x: \'41\10\ l') "'~ \JIoW.IOO8\£ 
RIGI\T KWQ.OI~ 1t> ~ 
OEcu~nO\ol Of IlUl8\lI.OOtCE. 

I 

\IPo. IU.! M:)IN 1 U. ThkE Off 
M'SE C\.OTI6 "II[) NE 
tUr ~ 'bI \£AA "'I~ 
\£ ~ f£E\ I\~~ ~ 
l\Il \)OQIl! ~. ""'GO'i.' 

Ir: 1 AAsw£RED ~. If 
'fj()Jl!) 'llLL * ~'5E 
IT tIOJ\.D \I:£~~E M 
C~~\C.r: "NoO TlJRK 
ifU~IG\JI~ PoS'S18ILIn'-S 
1!ollO ~I~ 0.: r:~\S . 

l~ ~ \illS') 'fdM~. 
~. ~PIM'5 
AAt~I~ __ ......... _ 

OIQ n.e 
CU65! 

OOOOH! 

r ~~ 
IIaU:< 1\0£11."1" ~ '1\\£ ~---l 
lIt1:AAR'< 
~~lIm.s 
OF M"~ . 

UCSD Ranked 2nd Up-and-Coming 
In its 1993 College Guide to America's Best Col-

leges. U.S. News and World Repoltranked UCSD as the 
second ranked u~anck:oming university in the countJy. 

Ahead of UCSD was the University of Alabama at 
Birmingham. Ranking after UCSD were Arizona State, 
UC Irvine and the University of Arizona. 

Within its quartile, UCSO had the highest percent-
age of accepted first-year students who are in the top 
10 percent of their high school class and was the 
university with the highest student·faculty ratio: 29-1. 

The reputational scores were combined with data 
provided by the schools, including statistics relating to 
the selectivity of the student body, the degree to which 
the school financially supports a high-quality, full-time 
faculty, the schools' overall financial resources and the 
level of student satisfaction as measured by the school's 
ability to graduate the students it admits as freshmen. 

Overall, UCSO's academic reputation rank was 40. 
which. according to the report. ranked with the Univer-
sity of Southern California. the College of William and 
Mary. and Brandeis University. 

Mayoral c.dIdIdes to Addr.11 
IEnvIronIeIdai ProbI ... at UCSD 

More than 100 environmentally-oriented groups 
and businesses have banded together to create Envi-
ronmental Forums '92. Environmental Foolms '92 is a 
non-partisan effort to increase public and candidate 
awareness on environmental issues. 

Mayoral candidates Peter NavatTO and Susan Golding 
will address environmental issues during the first forum 
at the UCSO Price Center on Thursday Oct. 15 at 6:30 
p.m. 

The second forum, on Oct. 21 at the Better World 
Galeria in Mission Hills. will feature a conversation with 
Navarro and local ecological designer Jim Bell. The final 
forum. on Oct. 26 at San Oiego State University's 

Montezuma Hall is for candidates for the Board of 
Supervisors. 

All three forums will be held from 6:30-9:30 p.m., 
with environmental exhibit booths opening at 5:45 p.m. 
Contact Richard Alan at 692'()238 for more info~ 
tion. 

Race ... Justice to be 
Dlaaliled at UCSD Forum 

The Price Public Affairs Forum will present a ~rt 
series on "Race and Justice in America" on Friday, Oct. 
16 and Thursday, Oct. 22. 

Both programs will begin at 7 p.m. and are free and 
open to the public. The first lecture will feature Derrick 
A. Bell, Jr. , currently a visiting professor at New Vorl< 
University Law School. He is a civil rights activist who 
left the faculty of Harvard Law School in April of 1990 
to protest Harvard's continuing failure to grant tenure 
to a black woman. 

Bell's book, Faces at the Bottom of the Well: 
Divining the Permanence of Racism. has just been 
published. This lecture will be held in the auditorium of 
the Graduate School of International Relations and 
PacifIC Studies. 

Glenn C. Loury of Boston University will speak in the 
second lecture on Oct. 22. He is a professor of 
Economics and an active participant on the conserva-
tive side of the debate concerning the problems of 
racial inequality and social policy toward the poor. This 
lecture will be held in room 105 of Garren Auditorium in 
the Basic Science Building, on UCSO's Medical $chool 
Campus. 

Issues discussed will include the role of the govern-
ment in redressing social inequalities and the promot· 
ing equal opportunities and national integration, and 
the role oftha Individual In addressing these issues. For 
more information, call 534-3400. 

lbilliAN FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor IIMOR ITAI'P' WItJTIIIS: Jenny Gal ..... Oan Krauss. Mannew ROOlnson ITAI'P' WIIITIIII: KJl'llen Hahlel'lOn. Gaye Johnson. Roderick Lee. The .... BEN fREUND, Spectacle Editor MoMe. Ely Rllbanl. Kara saul. julie Sherman GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor ..... CONIUlTMTI: Ml&uel Buckenmeyer. James COillei' ILLUITIIATOIIS: Nathan Emn. Speed FarriS. Jennifer Hart. Alan LundCren. 
me 1.C5Da...1S~1bIiII!s nn.ndlrs ........... ,. "' ......... _ ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor AdrIano MufIOl. -KetIe Roe. AI Spore 
dl.C!ll ......... d .. ~tI.,bm._tl_.tI __ ..-. .... DAN McDOWEU, Photo Editor DDlIIIEIIS' WUson Cheu",. The<esa Myrtle. Katie Roe 
...-,OIB,_OWCS_ meOCSD~Is" __ "'''_'''''''' '*"0.'''''': Paul Mackey. Sldart Deb. Jennifer Vann 
......... lIllllt __ tlflVIcs""""""~OI_· .. ......., PHI.P MICHAELS, Opinion Editor COl'\' IIUDIJIS: Mlcnelle cnlan&, ArOt1 MUler. David RadWln. Jessie Sprl",er 
__ 1JIe"'GlIJIrI.C5D~" LWwnIIra/c..no. .... _~. ADVEIITIIIIMI AllllTAIrT: T .... EofT 

OCSD~II __ IIJ-" ICM1_lc.I._""_ 
.EFF NIESE1., Hiatus Editor .. DeMDIIIA. BuSIMSS ""...,., 

JASON AITatE, Assodate Photo Editor MICIIAB. POUUII, Al:MttIsIrW ,.,.,., lEN BOYatUK, EcJmx in awef --MAImNIZ, Al:MttIskW On.,.., 
ERIC 5aIlAlJT, Malagirg Editor ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

Eo LII8H IIINRT, CIaMItled ~IItNe 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor Editorial: 5~580. Business 01'1Ice: 534-3486. FIX: 534-7691 
SHANNON • EDSOf, CoI:¥ Edta UMNE SECKA, Associate News Editor UCSD GUSIdan, 9&00 GIlman DIM 0318, 

RENE IRJCKNER, Associate Gtaphk;s Editor DAVID SNOW, Associate Spectacle Editor ... JoII8, CA 92093-031.8 
KAREN CHENa, Associare News EcItDr GREGG WRENN. Spcrt.s Editor Ao:tuaIIcaIIOn: s.cona floor. UCSO __ c-....,. 'A' 

Monday, October 12. 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEW 3 

KSDT AnnOlUlCes Plans to Expand Programming and Range 
COWGE RADIO: 1he campus radio The staff of 100, including 50 DJs, is guided by musi 
station wOIks to cover UCSD using low director Matthew Semancik. Semancik hopes that the varied 
power FM transmitters mus~c styles play~ on KSDT wiu prompt students who 

preVIously never Iislened to the SIaIlon to gIve It a try. 
By Karen SpeI&eI "What ' s on 91 X is a small percentage of the music that ' s 
Guardian Reporter out there." said Semancik. 

KSDT, UCSD's studeOl-run radio station, is woOOng 10 Ja1Z has been f::atured more frequently and specialty 
increase Iistena'ship by expanding its broadcast radius and shows allow listeners to tune in to their favorite type of music. 
improving ilS programming. accooling to the station's gen- Such shows include a Saturday reggae show. a Thursday rap 
era) manager Bruee Balbarach. section, a metal show 00 Tuesdays and a punk specialty on 

While so far the only on-campus students Saturdays. 
who can receive KSDT are in the Muir and It:!t /l KSDT programming does not end ~th 
Revelle residence halls, BartJarach has been ~? r ~ music. According 10 Semancik, a wonlen' s 
actively pursuing :to FM signal. "'\ ~ ~how that proved successfullasl year will be 

KSDT obtained low-power FM trans- ,\dded to the lineup, as well as a Hisp;mi 
mitters last year that fall outside of FCC ~ ~ !lCgment addres: ing affairs in the Hisp:toi 
regulations. Barbarach originally planned to c mmunity in S:to Diego. The news section 
position enough transmitters to cover the i~ being expanded to a«iress not only the 
entirecampus, oot recentlydiscovered pr» UCSD ommunity, but Mate and n:1lional 
lems while testing them. issuesaswell.KSDTaiso ontinu to broad-

Tests howed thai the transmitters broad-
ca~ toa larger radius than what KSDTneed< . 

ccording 10 Barbarach. this could result in 
overiappingsignaJs which may interferewiili 
other S:to Diego stations. Instead of using the 
transmitters and ri king intrusion from the 
FCC. Barbarach decided 10 wait for an offICial FCC ruling. 

Because aI I of the UCcampusradio station areconnected 
to the saITlt! broadcast license, :to error on KSDT's part could 
resull in all campus stations having their license revoked. 
Barbarnch explained. 

"We won'l lake the chan e and jeopardize other UC 
system slalion ,'. he said 

Customers wiili Cox or Southw~tem C:tble 1V can 
receive KSDTby having theircornp:toy install cable inlotheir 
stereo. 

On cable, KSDT reaches a 150 square-mile radius from 
Encinitas 10 the border and as far east as El Cajon. But while 
this is a vast area, few people have cable radio. 

Even withoul the much sought-after FM signal, KSDT is 
employing other ways to capture a larger audience. 

cast UCSD sporting events live. 
KSDT's ~ us on promoting I :~ bands 

i\ also continuing th is year. said Sc0l311Ci l . 
On Octl6 on iliegym ~eps. KSDTwll1 

presenl five local band~ in conjunction witJ1 
the Univer:.ity of California Radio Netw n.. 

(UCRN)conferenceat U SD. The purpose of the confercn e 
is 10 exchange ideas and promote Ixtnds between the UC 
stations. 

Scm:tocik ho~ the conference wi ll MlOW the Ofher UC 
starions that S:to Diego has a I aI mill>ic scene and that lhe UC 
·tation i~ a part of the San Diego mill>ic community a~ well. 

"San Diego i growing musically in respect to COllege 
radio :tod locaIlxtnds. But ~t:lt ion~ like 91 X don't play certain 
things due to label and music politics. Since KSDT i~ nOI on 
that commereiallevel. we prov ide choice foriliose who th ink 
what' on 91X is a1lernative. KSDT provides a broader 
spectrum of coUege rddio." he said 

Semancik also nOfed that the music industry is aware of 
KSDT. 

TIle music played 00 the station is given 10 them by record 

GET RELIEF ••• GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
~Sil1ce 1980, tile goal of our prdctice has 
been to find and remove the cause of 
your Ilealth problem. rather tllan just 
symptom relief - - without costly drugs or 
surgery .• 

Paul Mackey/GtJ8Il1ran 
KSDT Disc Jockey L.edy Oliva on the air Sunday morning_ 
companies hoping to promote unknown b . .U1d\. 

'·Band!.like NiIVana have been around fora Inllg time ... commcr,,,11 radio picks 
up an artist they think h~ a catchy M>und :U1d it !lCt:IllS ;L~ though they appe:mxJ out 
of nowhere:' said Seman ik. 

"A while back. KSIJf gOf a lener f rolll REM trutnlJng ill> for playing them. TIJaI 
was way before they went commercial," Sem<UlCik !>'lid. 

"Weare not acaveofelitisl music snobs. Weare a student-run organization that 
gives students a chance 10 expand their knowledge of music," Scmancik said. 

KSDT can be heard on 540 AM in the Muir and Revelle residence halls and on 
95.7 throughout the Sl1h Diego area. 

Repairs 

100/0 OFF 
LABOR 

Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihats 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

• Siudent & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto. Work & Sports In juries 
• Insurance Accepted Minor Tune Up Special $29~g. $55) 
• Open Daily 9 am-? pm 

and Saturday 

CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
NO-( OST INITI!\l SPINAL EXAM 

AND ~ONSULTATION 
8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 

located at 1-5 and La jolla Village Drive 
across frorn HyaU Aventine 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

Off.,. expires 10126192 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
- wttl'll hlS ad 

1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjusl Timing 
5. Check and replenish all fluid 

and oil levels 

6. Adjust dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 
8. Check clutch 
9. Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road test 

35-polnt Major Service Special $69* 
. Extra for luel·injected. Our major fune up mcludes: (reg. $150) 

1. Compressron leSI 
2. Valve adjustmenl 11 . Adjust timing 20. Lube Iront end . 26 Check and recharge 
Replace: 12. AdluSI dwell angle 21 Chocll & replenrsh all ballerres II necessary 
3 Valve cover gasket. 13. AdluSI carburetor flUid & oil levels 29. ROlale II;es (II needed) 
4. Spark plugs. 14. Adlust air & luel ralro 22 Checll electncal system 30. Checllure pressure 
5. O,slribulor points. mixture 23. Check for loose & lOst 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15 Adlus1 sleerlng box bolls 32 Check all holders 
7. AI( IIl1er. 16. Adlust clulCh 24. Check brakes 33. Checll COOling system & 
6. Olllliler. 17. AdiuSI brakes 25. Checll clutch hOses 
9. Gas fil ter. and 18. AdjuSI emergency brakes 26 Checlllighls 34 Checll exhausl syslem 
10. Engine oil 19. Checll & adjust exposed 27. Checll undercamage 35. Road le51 bells for damages 
Nola' lor 6-cy1iodor cars add $20. Toyota S~r.s. add S30 Oarsun 200SX WIth 8 spark plugs. add S35 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* Clutch Job Special (reg. $80) 
We replace' Front or rear. 

1 Transmission Input shaM 4 Th'rowoul bearing 1. Insl311 special new pads Brake JOb Includes: 
. . or InS!a1l rear brake shoes 

seal (except Hondas) 5. P,lOt beatings 2. Drain old brake flulCl 6 MjUSllro", (II drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6. New IransmisslOn oil 3 InspccI complele and rear shoes 
3. ClulCh disc 7. Road lest hydraulic syslem 7 Replace Irom rOlor 

.AEA08ICS • LlFECYCLES 
• F!IEE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
,STAIRMASTEIIS • CLEAN AltO SPACIOUS 

Nola: HydraulIC parts are nol covered. NOI for .WO. Fronl wheel 
d(ll/e axtra . 

4. Rehll hydraUlIC fluid seals (If ,olor. lurn) 
5. Bleed enUre brake syslem 6. Road lest 

NOla HydrO<lhc pans are nOI Induded 

·lWIT1lUS • P£RSOHAL INSTRUCTION 
, 4 IlLES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd, 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near lee Wards. behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls . 
All our work has a 2·year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices include parts and labor . 

.+ ••• +++ 
8008 Miramar Rd. 

695-1990 
Wilh this ad. EXpires 10/25192 

Call for appointment. 
TOWing and rf'nlal CJr avallablf' Monday Friday 730 am·b pm Open Saturday. 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

TIle ucso GtJalO'IIIl 01 PUblished twoe •• ..- at the UnmIrSl'Y of Cahfon ... San 0....,. Contents 
C>1992. VIew3 •• prelsed helein 'ePleSent tho mllQrity 'lOt. of the eQilO<1e' boetll. en<I 8fe not 

necessarily""'" of tnt UC Bo.", of Reconts. tnt ASUCSO. nor the on~te G<i.""." lIan. 

UCSD Administration Keeps 
Changing Rules of the Game 

With each move and countermove, the ongoing dispute between 
the adminiscration and the co-ops is becoming more and more of a 
game. TIle one key difference in this particular contest is that one of 
the players i able to change the rule as it see fit. 

The campus' admini tration' s strategy throughout the co-op con-
troversy has been obvious: back the co-ops into a comer, leaving no 
route for escape. Last January' s break-in, the ensuing audit, the legal 
jockeying of univer ity anomeys and a dubious offer of autonomy to 
the ssociated tudent have all been calculated maneuvers to 
weaken the co-ops' negotiating leverage. 

TIle latest attempt by the adminiwmion to pin the co-ops up against 
Ihe wall are the two interim additions to the university 's Policy and 
Procedure Manual (PPM). In es ence, these new PPMs require that all 
student organizations must be gmnted permission by the university to 
oper..tte retail se rvices and that all money generated from such retail 
must be kept in on-campus a counts. 

While these PPMs ostensibly addre s all tudent organizations. 
they are, in fact. direct attempts by the administration to gain greater 
control over the o-ops. For example. if t he General tore ooOp were 
to continue selling products. it could no longer keep its revenue in an 
off-campu savi ngs account, away from admini~tr.llive control. In 
effect. thb action alters the rules in the admini trJtion 's favor. 

TIlere are a number of obje tions to the admini tration's late t 
baracade. TIle PPMs were instigated solely by Director of pecial 
Services Nick Aguilar. not by a commitlee as the university's policy 
requires. Furthemlore, a ommittec did not approve the PPM, 
anOlherprocedural e rror. ln ~tead. the PPM went straight to the Office 
of the President for approval. 

TIle current co p ~ituat ion is not so gr..tve that l>tandard procedure 
has to be jeui!>oncd in favor these "emergency" measures. TIle 
administration raj lroaded these PPM. to put the co-ops in a precariou 
position. 

Right now. the co-ops are in a lose-Io e ituation. They can 
ominue to fight the admi nistration and face almo. t certain evicti n, 

or they can be forced into nccepting a proposal that give the 
administration the powertoevicttheco-ops al any time, for any reason 
- or none at all. Neither option is tremendously nppealing. 

And so the game continues with the rule ' changing day by day. Lf 
this controversy is ever going to be 'ettled, the administration has to 
SlOp altering the rules and . tart working towards a reasonable resolu-
tion. Thi~ i~ one game that hal. to be played on equal terms. 

Double-Talk Reigns Supreme 
In Fight for American Throne 

With Ie s than n month to go before the presidential election, any 
hope that one of the calldidates might nctually address the issues is 
quickly evaporating. Anyone who claims that the candidates are being 
straightforward. forthright and courageous is living with his head in 
the sand. George Bush, Bill Clinton and Ro Perot have raised the art 
of talking out of both sides of their mouths to new levels. 

First. there is President Bush. making vague insinuations about 
Clinton' 1969 trip to Mo cow in a last-ditch effort to win reelection 
by any means necessary. Instead of puning forward olution for the 
United States' economic ills, Bush has resorted to the ame accu a-
tions about parrioti m. char-dcter and moraliry that he used again t 
Michael Dukalci in 1988. 

ot that Clinton deserve much ympathy. The Democratic candi-
date is a regular Pica so when it comes to the art of evading a direct 
question. On the issue of his draft statu ,Clinton hemmed and hawed. 
issuing vague explanations to each new charge. Even now, it is 
obvious that lhere i more to Clinton's efforts to avoid service in 
Vietnam than he has disclo ed. And donkeys may fly before we ever 
hear the complete story. 

FinalJy, there is H. Ross Perot, who can talk a mean game when it 
comes to traightforward campaigning. In reality, Perot has been 
running the biggest shell game of all. He talks endlessly about serving 
the will of hi volunteers and running a campaign for the "common 
person." But all the bluster in the world can't hide the fact that Perot 
is still just a politician claiming to be otherwise. 

In light of this double-talk and politics-as-usuaI, it's easy to see 
why thi campaign is being viewed with a growing cynicism. Perhap 
the politicians willieam from the mi take made this year and address 
the is ue in 1996. All the same, don 't hold your breath. 

The UC D Guardian Monday. Ol"tobl'r 12, 1992 

INION 
OkAY FOlkS, 

LETS f'AleE 

A LOO,", 

AT THe 

SMEAR 

McDoNALD~S OR MARs? 
THE DEBATE CONTINUES ... 

COMftENTARY: Solve the problems on Earth before throwing money at the stars 
By Paul PhUUps 
Contributlflg Opinion Writer 

Tire lallnch of lire firSI American spaacrajr sent (0 
Mars ill 17 years "eralds an era of IInprecedenred u.s.· 
Rllssiall cooperatiOl/ in space. - San Diego Union-
Tribune. Sept . 27. 1992 

The United State and Rus ia are cooperating in 
space. That' s better than fighting in space, I uppose, but 
it's still not good news. Russia, the Soviet Union, the 
Unified bunch, or whateverthey're called at the moment, 
is spending money on space tral'el? 
This is a country that can't even feed 
itself! All that talk about Russia being 
a superpower was a grand illusion. 
Their plan went omething like this: 
"Look at all this landmass we take up! 
I'll bet we can fool the re t of the world 
into thinking we have some kind of 
working economy if we ju t close up 
the borders and don't let anyone see 
what' s going on inside." Of course, 
the paucity of Soviet expons was an 
early clue. but some people don't catch on that fast. 

If you're a Rus ian peasant, how much of your 
income would you like to devOie to space travel? After 
waiting in line all day for food that isn't there, it's hard to 
imagine that one of your priorities is to see what dirt looks 
like on Mars. 

"But think of all the technological advances that come 
out of pace cravel!" you may say. I'm SOil)'. but there's 
no technological advance available that will upgrade a 
plow to a tractor. The technology born in space is not 
going to aid a pre-indu trial society uch as Russia. 

The arrogance here, on the pan of Russia as well as the 
United States. is incredible. In tead of cooperating with 
these bozo. we should be berating !hem. Pan of the plan 
in this Mars expedition i for Russia to launch orbiters in 
October 1994 and November 1996. We're talking about 
a counoy that would likely plunge into civil war this 
winter without enormous ubsidies from other countries! 

Why don't they use the money earmarked for their 
silly orbiters and buy some food? Or, bener yet, stop 
soaking the peasants in the fU'St place and let them buy 
their own food, Now that Russia is at least pretending to 
care about human rights, this would be a good time to cut 
out some unwanted government expenditures. Perhaps if 
somebody in Russia had some real money, not rubles, 
there would be more than one McDonald'S in Moscow. 

I hesitate to say this. but the U.S. has as much place 

exploring space as Ru sia does. I know NASA is a very 
popular concept - every scientist, Trekkie and frus-
trated science fiction writer under the sun i demanding 
more government funding for space exploration. How-
ever. this little jaunt to the Red Planet is going to cost 
upwards of one billion dollars. 

Even if that were spread evenly among the populace 
of the U.S., my hare would still come out to four bucks. 
For that kind of money, I could be enjoying a big meal at 
that McDonald's in Moscow. Of course, the government 

preads things evenly about as well as 
first-day Subway Sandwich employ-
ees. My hare will actually be several 
trips to the Golden Arches. and as a 
starving student,l 'm entirely opposed 
to losing all of those meal deals. 

Every benefit that has come from 
space cou Id and would have been found 
by private industry. Those entrepre-
neurs with money to bum aren't stupid 
- they know that space really i the 

Speed Farrfs/ Guatdian final frontier. 
All it would take is a few Ross Perors gening together 

to launch all kinds of neat space ships. You can bet they 'd 
be a heck of a lot more careful about a solid fuel rocket 
booster blowing up when it' a few million of their own 
money. That's the bottom line. really-NASA only has 
intellecrual curiosity as an incentive to do everything 
quickly, efficiently and properly, while private industry 
has monetary gain. 

If we're lucky, within our lifetimes, the moon and 
Mars will just be another source of raw materials. Here's 
something to watch for in the future: interplanetary 
environmentalists. 

As if the tree-huggers on this planet aren't funny 
enough, we could have an added bonus of Mars din-
huggers. The Red Pany may become a political power-
house .. . just like the Green Party. Astronaut will get 
their space suits spat upon and have nasty epithets yelled 
at them by demon trators. 

It isn' t a large leap of faith to say that the future of 
humankind lies with space travel. History has shown that 
without a frontier to conquer. our noble species inevita-
bly turns to conquer itself, and a worldwide war with our 
level of weaponry is a less than anractive alternative. Is 
the post office, the paradigm of the U.S. govemment. the 
in titutionyou wan. handling a task of this magnitude? If 
there's ever to be a McDonaids on Mars, only private 
industry can make it happen. 

Monday, October 12, ]992 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

REPUBLICAN STATEMENTS WERE FALSE AND INSENSITIVE 
Edilor: 

In an anic1e in the Guardian 
entitled, "Panies Make Final 
Registration Push" (Oct. 5), Gary 
Geiler. chair of the College 
Republicans, was quoted as stating 
that. "[the Democrats) have been 
refusing to register Republicans, 
that's illegal ... you have to give 
out registration fopns." 

As members of the Democratic 
Victory Coalition on campus, we 
feel that any charges of illegality in 
registration practices are very 
serious and need to be addressed. 
All practices carried out by 
Democrats on campus were carried 
out in full compliance with the law. 
Our registration drive was partisan 
in that we made sure that all 
Democratic and Independent voter 
registration card were tumed in 
personally to the Registrar of 
Voters. 

We informed anyone wishing to 
regi ter that the Democratic 
platform was pro-choice, pro-
education and p~nvironment. No 
Republican was denied acces to a 
voter regi tration card, and card 
were handed out to anyone. 
regardless of party affiliation. 

Geiler also accused "the 
Democrats on campus of 'gestapo-
like tactics ' in their voter regi tra-
tion drive." On a personal level, 
and as members of the Jewish 
community, we find Geiler's 
reference to the "Gestapo" as both 
inappropriate and offensive. Many 
of us lost relatives in concentration 
camps and live with the pain of the 

effects of the Holocaust. 
We are not saying that these 

commenlS were made in a 
deliberate or motivated fashion. 
We are just concerned. and hope 
that no matter how heated the 
campaign gets, etlmic sensitivities 
hould be taken into account when 

commenting on such a political 
subject. 

We cannot afford to divide our 
nation. 

Jonathan Asch 
Yael Efron 

Jerry Janoff 
Tal KJement 

Why I'll Vote for 
Clinton Instead 
Editor: 

Having heard in a recent i ue 
why Democrats should vote for 
George Bush ("Why Democrats 
Should Vote For Bush," Oct. I) I 
wanted to say why I, a Democr'Jt, 
am voting for Bill Clinton. There is 
a fundamental debate going on 
about the nature of capitalism in 
America, and the election will 
decide the winner. 

Republicans believe that the 
free market works. They believe 
the free market is a self-correcting 
system, and that the government 
hurts more than it helps when 
attempting to fix it. 

Clinton 's philosophy, on the 
other hand, takes a radically 
different approach. Pure capitali m 
was an ungainly beast which ended 
monopolies in the late 19th 

San Diego Ma,oral Candidate 

Peter Navarro 
speaks on 

Local Economic Issues 

Sponsored by 

Alpha Kappa Psi 
Coed Professional Business Fraternity 

October 13th, Tuesda, 
6:30 pm . 

- Pllenon Hili, 1. 

ALPHA KAPPA PSI 

F 
R 

COED BUSINESS FRATERNITY 

AL 
U S 

L 
H 

INFORMATION NIGHT 
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18th 

SOLIS HALL 104, 7;OOpm 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian welcomes letters and 
comments from its readers. All letters 
must be typed. double-spaced and no 
longer than three pages. Letters should 
also be signed and contain a phone 
number. We reseNe the right to edit all 
letters for length and clarity. Any sub-
missions may be dropped off at the 
Guardian offices on the second noor 
of the old Student Center (above the 
General Store CIXJP and overlooking 
the Hump) or sent by mail. Send a/l 
letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

century. Aside from communism, it 
is the only economic system which 
is a proven failure . LAissez-jaire 
will work no better now. 

The crux of thi debate is how 
to measure success. Republican 
rate the economy by productivity 
and profit. but Clinton says that a 
successful economic system is one 
that provide a high standard of 

living. This produces a very 
different result. Reaganomics 
lowered wages but increased GNP 
and profits, and conservatives hail 
it as a success. Democrats see it as 
a failure. 

Conservatives argue. of course. 
that the "free" market create a 
high standard of living as a side 
effect. It is a childish philosophy. 
George Bush says that if we only 
think about ourselves and about the 
present, our fellow countrymen 
will get taken care of and the future 
will take care of itself. 

Bill Clinton doesn't believe in 
the tooth fairy. If we want an 
economy with high wages. full 
employment and an ever-increas-
ing quality of life we have to make 
a deliberate choice to pursue those 
goals. 

Clinton has proposed a full -on 
economic strategy that I suppon. 
Let there be no mistake about it: If 
Clinton i elected, there will be! a 
revolution in the way this govem-
ment and this economy work. And 
George Bush is no friend of 
liberal . 

Darrel Menthe 

What Is the Real 
Police Agenda? 
Editor: 

I bicycle daily to my classes at 
UCSD, as do a great many other 
students. Recently. I have noticed 
that besides the other dangers 
associated with !he auto traffic on the 
streets of La Jolla. the police at 

UCSD have been giving tickets to 
cyclists. I was cited for nOi coming to 
a complete stop at an intersection late 
one evening. 

It suikes me as somewhat 
paradoxical that those who are 
supposed to "protect and serve" are 
engaged in this relatively trivial 
activity. I would be glad to hear any 
explanation for their activity, but I 
have come up with what seem to me 
three plausible hypotheses: 

I) An administrator has decided, 
what with the current fiscal difficu 1-
ties. that cracking down on all 
possible offenses could mise money, 
and has instructed the police to be 
extra-vigilant. 

2) The police feelthm the 
behavior of the cyclists rcpre.ents a 
seriou~ threat to ju~tice in the U.S., 
thm such offenses must be pros-
ecuted to the full extent of tile law. 
and that the only way to stop this is to 
crack down. Cyclists are more than 
aware that they are the one.-. holding 
the shon end of the stick in any car-
bicycle encounter. I believe that this 
h> po:hesis may be bome out if the 
polico! begin to cite jaywalkers. or 
OIil<r obscure sections in criminal 
law. 

3) The police are engaged in 
hara.~sment of cyclisL<;, believing that 
cyclists '\re a subversive group of 
long-haired doped-up r'Jdicals. and 
mllst be taught proper respect for this 
counoy's laws and Constitution. 

Personally, [ look forward to 
hearing the "official position" on this 
matter. 

Josh Bonkovsky 

AN OPEN LEITER TO UCSD UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS OCTOBER 12, 1992 

Dear Students: 

We begin the 1992-93 school year at UCSD after a summer of statewide fiscal uncertainty. 
Now that the legislature and governor have finally concluded their negotiations, the Office of 
the President of the UC System has determined that each campus must reduce its operating 
budget. For the UCSO campus, that amounts to approximately fifteen million dollars this 
academic year. Rather than automatically distribute cuts to the base budgets of departments 
and units, departments and units will each decide how best to absorb their share of the 
overall reduction. Paradoxically, while our operating budget is being drastically reduced, 
previously appropriated and separately funded building projects will continue. In some 
instances these projects will be inconvenient and even annoying, but they are essential if we 
are to accommodate future generations of students. 

In light of these budgetary developments, the Council of Provosts polled academic 
departments this summer and learned that they will reduce various non-instructional services 
in order to preserve classes and protect the integrity of their teaching programs. We 
anticipate that essentially all required and core curriculum classes will be offered this year and 
that reductions in course offerings, where necessary, will primarily be restricted to upper 
division electives. Some courses may not be repeated as often during this year as has been 
the case in more prosperous times. You should expect some reduction in the availability of 
certain campuswide and departmental services. In the light of all this, we strongly recommend 
that students continue to exercise careful planning in all academic matters. 

Unlike other educational institutions with large centralized administrations, the college system 
has always been a boon to undergraduate education here at UCSD. During this unpredictable 
period, we continue to believe that the UCSD colleges create an intimate nurturing 
environment for students, staff and faculty alike. These cuts, and those mandated cuts we 
have had to put in place over the last three years, make life difficult for all of us. While it may 
be tempting to vent complaints locally, UCSD's present situation is only a small part of a 
larger state and national economic crisis. 

On behaH of the entire university, we ask for your patience and creativity. Wishing you every 
success in the coming academic year, we remain, 

Sincerely YourS, 

The Council of Provosts 
Tom Bond, Revelle College 

Patrick Ledden, Muir College 
Jamie lyon, Fifth College 
Cecil Lytle, Third College 

David Wong, Warren College 



TIlt' UCSI) Guardian Monday, O\·",h.'r 12, 1992 

Apple MacinlO~h PClIIcrl3ook- I, ,) I~O 

Get over '4 worth of prcloaded software when you buy one of the 
Apple' MacinLo 'h' 'omputcrs shown above at our be 'l prices evcr. 
And if you are imcrested in financing options, be sure to a -k for 
delails aboul th 'Apple ( mpurcr Loan. Bur hurry, because , lUclem 

omputer cen 
534-3149 

Apple Macintosh IIsi 

aid like this is only available through Ocrober 15, 1992 - and only at 
your authorized Apple campus reseHer. 

t')C)1 "rrk (,tlifTllluu."r In. Appk' tlx' "PI''''" 1t~11 .• mel MJ< lm' .... hJf\· ft.'\:Nl'n'tl tn.lt'tll.lrk., of "ppk: (JlI"l,uu,:r, ln( (IA."'" I' ~ fl')~l'>Il"f\" lrJf.ienurl hn'n'l4.:d 10 AppkCompuu:r Inc fo.,'crlkx»k 15 ill ra:lcnurl(l( Appk: Computer Inc The Rlndom HOIJ~ F.nl'ydopc:dlJ ~ ' 
' It IYI .\oUl 1I1~"t tnc o\mc.'rl\.JI\ Iknl.l" ... · n.~ tnW"1l· Ilk IkllUf\ 1-1t."I.I~," nt("'J'IfU"I .11 .... 1 turn 1",'1- ,k"H'It"",,1 tl\ 1I",uth!"n \tlmm (1IITIp3n\ . I'lJbb. .. ht'f1iThf Nnl'fllJn HlTl~ OKt)on;Jr\;and Rugen II The M"v. l1lcsaUM CotretText undt.'I1)1nx ll'lhnoiugy<k.'\ti0Pt'd by 

l.&JI)(~l \~\l.fm,. In C ... it:r..t.u (R.:Jlllf 1\ J tr~!t:mJr'" IIf Pu'4l'r l J1 ,.tI'tloJfl" (J 1",-' 1(.&1 ... n RnulIl"''l nlrr l\ J tr.jtk-Inlrk ,,f IhJ(\\Jn: \',dt'Jrt' ('I11'Ium In!, -\II prt~IUt t rum,,·, In.: Ih .. : Ir:a..i'rnarl.. uf thc...1rr'e)l:.et. 11\'( holde~ Ofkr grol on the ~bl1ntfhh Pov.c rBollk 1'5 41'tO runfigurauon I (1111\ All tju.1h(\lnfC t tlmputr-n II Mnt 'WloM udc.d " 111' \f,ft . -;lrt' .mel ('let trnnk """It JO\ t t/ Im,UU(I IfWl\ f),l\ omd prullro nunUJb ;ut' noe: 1f1l h ....... ,' In ttU\ utk.,. 
__ .J 

LEVERAGE YOUR 
AT 

STANDARD 
MICROSYSTEMS 
CORPORATION 

World Leader 

SMC is a world leader in Local Area Networll 
adapters for PCs. SMC sells over one million Ethernet 
and Token Ring LAN adapters a year. With approximately 
toO employees, SMC'6 Irvine Operations provides a small 
company environment where your effort is felt. 

leading Edge Technology 

SM? develops and manufacturers advanced design LAN equipment, LSI 
devlces.and PC software. Gain the experience of bringing new PC hardware 
and software products to marllet in an aggressive technology driven company. 

Opportunities Available 

We want."STARS·' ~e . can advance/accelerate career growth through hands 
on ~xperlence WIth slgmfl~ant prOject responsibility and through educational 
assIstance. We have a ~ide r~nge of technologies such as, gate array to 200k 
tranSIstors, full custom chIp deSign, analog design, high volume pcb board design. 

Requirements 

Can you accept a Challenge/Responsibility? We're looking for people wi th a 
practical flair for engineering to develop new products in the follOWing areas: 

VLSIIHARDWARE DESIGN: Design full and semi·custom 
LAN chips and communication system products. 

SOFTWARE: Develop device drivers and utilities for SMC's 
Ethernet, Token Ring, and LAN adapters. Device drivers 
are developed lor NetWare, NDIS, OOS, OSI2, UNIX, and 
Windows NT. 

Interested? 

Mail resume to: Cindy RagogneHi 
Standard Microsystems Corporation 
6 Hughes, Irvine, CA 92718 
or fax to (714) 707-2311 . 

Monday, October 12, 1992 

CO-OPS: New 
deal in works to avert 
Oct. 31 eviction 
ContInued tram pace 1 
could righlfuUytalce withourautooorny, 
one of the key stumbling blocks in the 
agreemel1lthat feU apart dwingtheswn-
mer. 

'The AS. is the univer.;ity ... we are 
not our own association," Hohnes said. 

Tucker said that while ·'this offer is 
not contingent on autononly," he hopes 
the AS. can move toward complete 
autonomy from the university, hope-
fully by the end of this academic year. 

Until that poinl, said Tucker, the 
university would remain a<; the "deep 
pockets" in case the cCH>pS are found 
liable for something in court. 

'1'ha!'s exactly what we're propos-
ing." HoImessaidoftheadministralion 's 
offer for an interim period where the 
AS. would noI yel be required to be 
completely autonomous. 

While Holmes noted that the new 
proposal "is very similar to the one that 
I received back in June," he also added 
that it was "much more straightforward 
and much [more clear]." 

In keeping with Tucker's pledge 

FEES: Students 
can defer their 
registration payments 
ContInued tram pace 1 
better steps that the administration has 
developed to help srudmts deal with the 
university's budget woes. 

"The DPP is one way to tty and 
make things easier for students. To de-
fer their payments, students instead 
could pay smaJlerportions at a time and 
still have time to wait for paychecks, 
financial aid checks or other sources to 
become available," he said 

There is a non-refundable charge of 
$25 per application each quarter for the 
program. 

Holmes was originally skeptical of 
the $25 application fee, but has since 
reconsidered. 

"At first, [ thought, why should stu-
dents have to pay to apply for a fee 
deferment plan? But it's definitely bet-
ter to pay the $25 than the other hun-
dreds of dollars thai you might not have 
at the time." he said. 

Fischer said that the institution of the 
DPP would not hurt the university'S 
budgel problems further. 

'This is a self-supporting program 
and that application fee goes 100 per-
cent to suppon the program administra-
tors, so it's really independent of the 
budget cuts. It does, however. relate to 
the California budget situation, in a 
sense, [in 1 that the imperus behind the 
program was the increase in student 
fees," FISCher said. 

FISCher also gives cn:dit to the inte-
grated Student InfOl'llWion System 
(ISIS). ISIS organizes all studerl fees, 
including registration fees, housing. fi-
nancial aid. parlcing, library dues and 
other miscellany into a single bill. 

"So far, for the first time in UCSD 
history, we are taking other !han the full 
payment up-fronL With this program. 
students can make separate paymms 
in, for example, September, October 
and November," he added. 

As of July I. approlUmalely 475 
students had applied to the DPP even 
though all infonnarion (XI the pegram 
has been solely by wmJ.of-rnouth up 
wtiI this poim. accading 10 FISCher, 

"We estimaIe between I,(XX) to 
1,500 studenrs 10 apply once word gets 
ad. h helps a Iol d studenrs not only in 
a monetary sense. bit in a conv.:nicft 
sense. We expect higher usaae in the 
Wmter and Spring qUlU1a'S," he said. 

thai ''then: are no conditions; the c0ndi-
tions are [only) what the AS. [pW in) 
place," the acIminmaIion would aIJow 
the C<HlpS 10 be WI exception to the two 
new Policy and ProcecIw'e Manual ad-
ditions put through over the ummer if 
the AS. asks. 

Those additions would have forced 
the C<HlpS to use on-<:ampus accounts 
and would have given the administra-
tion more oversight into co-op 
bookecping. 

The liability issue is one that has 
received much attention in the discus-
sions about student organizalion status 
for the co-ops. 

So far, the co-<lpS have agreed 10 
talceOUl liability policies that cover upto 
three million dollars. 

The liability that the AS. and the 
university would cover is solely for the 
accounting procedIres and the book-
keeping. 

The University Center Board(UCB) 
has tr:lditionaIIy assumed the role now 
being proposed to the AS, and Hobnes 
plans to approach the board to ask per-
mission to negotiate the proposal aI: 
tonight's meeting. 

'The A.S. stiU recognizes the UCB, 
even if the university does not," said 
Holmes. 

An authorized Fuji & Raleigh dealer. 

The UCSD Gual'dian 

LBGA: Coming 
out rally on Hump 
ContI ..... from pe&e 1 

One student shouted to the au-
dience, "Hi, r m Suzanne and r m 
aSlTOl1g,powerful,queerwoman." 

Also present aI: the event were 
Judy and Tony Valenzuela, two 
parents in the support group Par-
ems and Friends of Lesbi:UlS and 
Gays (P-R.AG). 

Judy Valenzuela said that their 
son, a UCSD a1wnnus, flJ'Sl told 
them he was gay five y~ ago. 
Her firs t reaction was ''fear and 
guilt .. _ that it was something we 
had done in raising him." 

Now, she says she realizes 
"people don ' t choose to be h0mo-
sexual . ... it's who you are:' 

Kirlcham said after the roily 
that" this year we focused more on 
speaking towanis our commu-
nity ... so people could exercise 
their self-respect and be free." 

Kirkham said over half of the 
srudentsthat wentthroughthedoor 
up on stage were "first-timers." 

"When you come out for the 
fll'Sltime ... youfeellikethiswe.ight 
has been lifted." she said. 

ucsd 
BIKE 
SHOP 
~ 1993 RALEIGH MSO and 

MT200 Mountain Bikes are here. 
Come in for a test ride! 
~ KRYPTONITE Locks in stock 

Other locks look alike, 
but don 't lock alike 
Check campus map for coupon 

Tool board available for checkout with student 10 
FREE Repair Classes start 1017 

Located in the Student Center 
Open 10 to 5 Monday thru Friday • 534-4279 

Uncle Sam 
Wants You ... 

to serve an 

INTERNSHIP 
in 

Washington, 
D.C. 

learn the Benefits at the 
Fourth Annual 

D.C. 
INTERNSHIP 

FORUM 
Friday, October 16 

3:00-4:30 pm 
Career Services 

Center Room 1 03 

Sponsored by the Academic Internship Program 
Complimentary Refreshments 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NEWS 7 

1\ I 11/1 ((illI I '" III "'\/1) l~ \IJRIJI<II1 ,. \{ /I \ \(d \ ' 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS ..... 6 to 10 PM are 

UeSD NIGHT 
al ~~\l. ~.(l~ ~<1~ (J){)~ 

~ 

DRAFT CHEESE 
PIDAs 

Del Mar Heights Rd. 0 
0 i BVY N. STUFT $5.99 u;> PIZZA ~ ~ uc 0 " (" j,h proof of ~ II p. SO 
12S~1I ( \I{\I~ I.l Ol \ II{' f{() \() ·I'II()\UXI·S Ill· I 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
E)(tcnded Soft Lcn,c~ 

B&L Soft Spin 8&L \0·1 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Dail y gas penn. hard Baby blue. huci & 
Par:tpcnn 02 emerald. green 

• Prof ••• lonal S.rvlc. 
• QuantI' E,..car. 

I Off" .'P'IeS 11/8192) • R ••• on.ble Price. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Claircmont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

AUTO PORT MAll MIRAMAR 

7r.JM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------200/0 DISCOUNT 

Musl P1esent cOUPOn ond volld UCSO 10 01 lime ot eslimOle. 
NolllOlid wilh mojOl engine OIlroroSmission repeirs 

With lhis cd. Expires 10/26/92 

IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR AUDIS. 
ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN 'T 

DISCOVERED Us YET. ASK Us FOR REFERENCES. 

I 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L-----E-__.-_-----.J· 



8 The UCSD Guardian Monday , Ol'tober 12, J992 

'Y~:; '.' .' ' , .. 0 
~ to: (,;, ... ~ • : ~ ..... ... ,.:.... • ... ~ 
"'-'.,...,... ' .. ~ ~...A. ~ •• , 

. 

" 

Join Rec:C1aIa fi RecC\ub 
mor1lal ana groupa for an 
evening of perfonnontM. / 
demonstratIoN fi informaCIon. VJ 
5-6pcn ReceptIOn 6 information 
6-9pm Elchlblllon peIformanc. 

Admission II tr ... but pWQM 

"Cdcbrcati!'4 II Dec. &eaknce" 
HARTIAlI ARTS 
Saturday. October 11 
UCSD Main Gym 

< bring a canned fOOd donatIOn 
for lhe helmet .. of San Diego. 

Participating groups Include: 
• 'apon Karate-Do 
• tiapkldo 
• Tong Soo 00 
• Shorlnll Kempo 
• "oln09I Karate Do 
• Aikido '7he 1991 SGtum Au.ard WinrlCf"" 
• TaeKwon 00 
• Self Defense Class 
• ShOO Un Kung Fu 
• Tal Chi Ch'uan 
• Judo 
5fIOI*nd ~ aao. UC5D AIaIaIIDft. AmIId ~ c.- taiItIg I*IdIIn. .... CII'IIIr of Del Mer 

Vi~it our optometry offi , dedicd tC'd to providing your (' ('~ with th 
p('r~onJI .lttention they d ~ rve . 

,-----------------------------, 

I $30 00 ompl e! pair of eyegla e. I 
I omplete ontact I n pa kage. I 
: • De igner ungla e . : 
I OF F -Off~r~.pirH 10./Jo./92 - coupon mUSl be I I presenled al lime of order. I 

- One coupon per cuslomer. 
I _ No other discounts apply. I L _____________________________ ~ 

De ign~ b : Giorgio Armani, Ralph lauren Polo, Cazal, Christian Dior, 
Bob Mackie, Christian lacroix, Valentino, Hugo Boss, and many mo r . 

Eyes of La Jolla 
OPTOMET RY 

Dr. Jeffrey Mark on, Oplometrist 
At University Towne Centre (Next to Nordstrom) 

44t7LaJolldViliageDrive, an DiC'go, A9212:? (619)597-2020 

CAREERS 
INFORMATION 

SESSION 
Wells Fargo Bank cordially invites all 

interested UCSD undergraduates to attend 
our Careers Infonnation Session. 

Monday, October 19, 1992 
5 :00 p.m.-7 :00 p.m. 

Price Center 
Santa Barbara & Los Angeles Rooms 

Plea e plan to join us and learn more about the variety of career opponunities available 
in Commercial. Corporate and Real Estate Lending. as well as Retail Banking_ 

Wells Fargo Bank is an EEO employer (M/F/D/V) 

Be first in your class! 
With the HP 20S, 32S or 42S 

scientific calculator 
HP 20S 
Scientific Calculator 
A program library to solve 
your challenging problems . 

~~1 
\ r " ~' .. .. » J\ 

p , , '," '\\ If j', j . r " " -] , r • ~ J' J . r ,,. - )' J J '" 
' '; 'J; :; " )'\\ r(~, ~, r' 

r 'r ~ t!::, [J ',~' ',' I, "'J ' .. ~ l j, j, "--= 

HP42S 
RPN Scientific Calculator 

The engineer's best tool far 
matrix math . 

HP 32S 
RPN Scientific Calculator 
The RPN advantage at the 
lowest price. 

n~ HEWLETT 
~T"" PACKARD 

computer Be 
electronics dept. 

5344320 

I II &::J.I I 
It. )( » ..... I ( ». ~ , 

Page 51 Mol day, October 12, 1992 

• 

Arena: 
Is anythln, 
mluln, from your 
coli.,. 
education? 

"If I could have 
mor time with 
professors, things 
would become clear." See page S2 
-Pho.edra Garcia, Fifth Senior 

Xl£ 
Recreational drug using students deny that their habits are hannful 

B Y D A V 1 D S NOW, ASS 0 C I A T E F EAT U RE S E D 1 TO R AND K A R A S A U L, S T A F F \\'l R 1 T E R 

'~cid has changed my life tenfold for the bener. r could not be 
happier that I have done it and experienced what acid has to 
offer me." 

"Everyone should experiment with mind-altering drugs. They 
funher your experience with life, which i sholt enough as it is." 

''There should be a fedemllaw for every citizen of the USA to 
smoke pot at least four times by the age of 24." 

"My thoughts were pushing my mental sanity to the edge of the 
unknown," says one student of a bad mushroom trip. '" thoUght I would 
never retwn to normality." 

"It's not like I'm addicted or something ... I can stop when I want" 
These are a few of the voices of an OIherwise indistinguishable sub-

culture of UCSD Sludents who participate in recreational drug use. 
some of whom consented to being interviewed anonymously. Ahnost 
all college students have experimented with some fonn of drug. usually 
alcohol, which is the one most popular and accepcable in the U.S. 
Students who use and enjoy. marijuana. acid, ecstasy. mushrooms and 

Many students 

antvecl at 

UCSDnever 
antldpatlng 

that they would 

also ...... to 

get high. 

cocaine will find thm the BuJl's Eye T:lVem does not di'pense their 
substance of choice. They may also find themselves at odds with he;llth. 
law enforcement and school officials. fam ily. friend~ and sometimes their 
own better judgment. 

It is impossible to know exactly how widespread recreational drug ll.'>e 
is at UCSD. The police ~latistics can only detail the number of srudenlS 
caught. the rehabilitation clinic stati tics only reflect the numbers that seek 

prof~ional help. And despite the blitz of public service messages and 
anti-drug infonnmion that has bomOOrded young people for years. drug 
experimentation persists 011 a large scale among even the moM highly-
educated students within the U.S. college community. 

The opinions offered by recreational users are much different from the 
somber testimonials of reft)nned addicts so often portrayed in the media. 
Many ooopt an ahnost cavalier attitude, and emphatically endorse 
experimentation as both safe and thempeutic. How could this sort of 
ani rude develop at a time when drugs are widely publicized 10 be the 

See DRUGS, Page S4 

Strangers in a Strange School 
As if a different language, new classes and unfamiliar surroundings 
aren't overwhelming enough for Helmut EIsinger, who is here for a year 
from Austria's University of Vienna, he also has to deal with throng of 
smiling, ultra-friendly Californians. 

See pageS3 



C[]py+~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

321 I Ho liday CI. ( " e.vl 10 Domino 's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M.F 8:3~ p.m. hp 11 , 12, 92 
SAT. 10.1 WITH UCSIt • 

FREE 
DOlEN 

7fow rS d3 7 f/S 
CO ta Verde Ccnler 
8750 Genesec Ave. I 

CARNATIONS 
I} 

SJn OIC):O. CA 92122 
558-6666 

"llh I)",h ... "" ~ ,11"fl"OI"\ 
".1( ' .. h ... "'~h .11\\ 14"-."1.11,,, ·Vot Deli\('( 

world Illd<' 

CSO ESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 P .M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe, DOII't Walk Alolle! 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
We' r~ [,II- lOg" ncw lillie ,Ir pr".llh hI JCI1[ ,I I C,1r~. GlI\vcnlcnr huur 
,mJ h .. IUlln. Gl'mk' ,..,J carmg IrC.llnwnt .tt ,1Ifnr,I..hl e cc,. All m " 
"",III hUI br,1l1J new Jent .II "((Ile wllh ..,JlnJu,,1 en ,..,J l'IJeu JnJ 
lurrent re,IJtnl! nwen,ll [lIplit V"lI ,n c,,,,: JUlIOg \,.,ur 1'1 1[. 

Something tol 
Smile About: I 

$2900 t:hC,1- up, I 
X' r,I\" I 

W~'r~ new anJ 'lIIall ,IIlJ ll1mmilleJ 1,1 J'Hng OUI 
lxo ... r til rrll\ldc rn..' \l.' ntln.".lo,mctlC , .tnJ re't,,,l r~ItI\C 
delll"l l.lre III ll'ep IUUI Jem,ll hll, J'1\\'n ,mJ yllllr 
mlllllh he,lhhy I"r ,I IiICIIITI<'. The Imle nc\\ J"Ill.II 
"tlIlC III Ld"II ,I. 

lIfJI C.lI1Cmcrl'cn, I LA JOLLA VIL.!AGE DE TAL OFFICE 
gum 4,.' X.lnl, 
cicanlllg(J,IC' nlll I J alllCS E, Sallford, D.D.S. 
tndllJc ~lIm I l;cncr,ll, I'rnCIHJO' c, Jnd ('millen.: SCf\ I\'C~ 
l r~,11 m~m'). I ~ t,." l 'l' SD IIl\lIr""," 04ll'llIeJ • RI'L1\\·J jncn..U. 

R~!l ' '97 I ,,,",,,,pt..,, • \ ·.Ic.J~k·r"LI • ,\ t.·rn~..,. o\l)A l IJA \IX IJS 
1.,,, •. ,I.,,.,,..h, I La 10LIn ViLlage Professionnl enter 

:~::'~;;:~~.1 I 950 Villa La Jolla Dr., uite 210 
f 'f'«" I.":,": I I., flOo". / IIJI bri<lIId IJ" f/rr""'11 &r 

'-- ___ ---1 EI\'IIII1~' CI \l1l1rJ.,,~ "Pl'onnrU'I1I' u' d,lubk' 

1-5 at L.i Jolla Village Drive 558-3490 

The Muir Musical Ensemble will b e 
holdi n g auditions 

f or 

1KtO 
on October 16, 17, and 18 

at the Price Center auditorium 

Appointments can be made at MOM 

Walk-ins will be accepted after all scheduled 
appointments are finished 

For more information call: 

Orren Webber 453-9490 
or 

Lauren Jannke 457-1093 

1) 
e 
II 

Monday. 0('\011 'r 12. 1992 

Is anything 
missing from your 
college education? 

It' ften pretty intimidating to go up to 
a pr fessor and talk with him when you're 
one out of 300 faces he sees every day. 

Angie Crumrine , Revelle Senior 

Although 
we have good 
academicS, we 
don't have 
enough fun 
around here. 
We lose some 
of the spirit 
that other 

sch Is gain through ports. I guess it' a 
relatively new campu I we lack the 
traditions that maybe UCLA or Berke~ 
ley has. 

Sam Watson, Wam~n Senior 

I gu I wi h 
I'd gotten mor 
involved in 
social activiti 
and group 
because that is a 
really big pan of 
y ur college 
experience. My focll has been on 
academics and schoolwork and I've 
spent a lot of time in the library instead 
of focusing on relationships, 
Cara Swanson , Third Senior 

Adventure. 
The sch I tries 
to make the 
campus much 
t safe for us. 
They should cut 
down on security 
and make ita 
challenge for 

students to get to classes. That way they'd 
appriciate their edocation more. 
Tyson Ducker, Revelle Sophomore 

What I find is 
missing is com~ 
municating 
skil ls, how to 
relate with other 
people and be 
open to their 
ideas. I'd also 
I ike to see more 

student-teacher interaction in the class~ 
room. 

Michael Wiseman, Revelle Freshmen 

I ~ould say in 
general thi 
school so far 
surpasses the 
community 
college I previ~ 
ously attended, 
that is, scho lasti~ 
cally speaking, 
However, the sense of involvement with 
extracurricular activity seems to have 
diminished as the size of the campus 
increased. 
J. Smith, Fifth Junior 

I'm actually 
pretty satisfied, 
but I wish it 
were a lot easier 
to find parking 
on campus. 

Samantha Samuel, Third Sophomore 

Monday, October 12, 1992 The UC 0 Guardian LE S3 

Strangers in a Strange Sc 
By David Snow 
AsSOCiate Features Editor 

As if a difTerem language, new classes and Wlfamiliar 
urroundings weren't overwhelming enough for Helmut Elsinger. 

he also had to deal with throngs of miJing, ullm-friendly 
Californians who would approach him and shake his hand, 
engage him in a few minutes of incere small·taIk and then 
inexplicably pledge to "see ya later." Elsinger, who is studying 
abroad for a year fnxn the University of Vienna in Austria, knew 
thai he could get used to the heavy work load expected of him in 
his economics classes, but he didn't know if he could SUlVive nine 
months of American-style friendline . 

Problems like this may be hard for American students to relate 
to, but for the many foreign students studying at UCSD, it is just 
one of the numerous differences that they must adjust to, and thai 
can make their year abroad a learning experience in way they 
never expected. 

"It 's hard adjusting to a new environment," say UCSD 
foreign student advisor Tecle Kidane-Mariam. "It can be a high-
anxiety time." 

Among the UC campuses, UCSO ranks third behind UCLA 
and Berkeley in nwnber of foreign students. Some 1,665 foreign 
grndUaie and W1dergraduate students were enrolled in 1991 -
nearly double the nwnber registered in 1985, and growing 
steadily each year. Students come from all over the world. with 
the largest groups hailing from the People' Republic of China, 
Taiwan and Japan. Gennany, India and the United Kingdom are 
also represented significantly. 

While these students come from widely differing backgrounds 
and cultures, they often make similar observations about the 
peculiruilies of American culture and its higher education ystem, 
and what they say should prove most interesting to American 
students, 
More Work than .... 

Upon arriving at UCSD, many foreign students get a different 
impression of American college students than what is often 
portrayed in the American media. "Students here study a lot 
more than they do in Japan," says political science student 
Kikue Hamayotsu of Sophia University in Tokyo. "Not 

~ 
1»aC(,® 

PICANTE 
SAUCE 

because they want to, but because they are assigned a lot more 
reading. The contem is not necessarily halder, but the quantity is 
more." 

'lhere are more lests here." says Ilk:! Knepper, ;1 graduate ioIudent 
in polili<lll science from Goeninger Univen;ity in Gemlany, "but 
the tests are more general. Back at home, we don't need to read as 

ot only does the quaner ystern seem ru hed to much but the tests are much more ~pecialized. " 
students from other countries, but the whole 
concept of quizzes and Illidtenns perplexes a 
student who is used to havingjllSl one 

"At this univen;ilY, you have to do a lot of work: ' 
agrees Eisinger. "Here, you have ~ much to read 
thai you don't have tirne to think about it. You read 
a thick book, but only skate on the ~urface of the 
topic. In Austria. you go into more depth ... 
......... Banter 

exanl at the end of the semester as 
the sole criteria for grading. 
David Hunt, an 
American Studies 
student from the 
Univen;ity of HuU in 
England. is swpriscd 
by the pace of work 
here. "It's different 
because you're forced 
to be continually doing 
work. In Britain you can 
do sod-a1J [nothing] for two 
tem1S. then work your ass off 
before the exam and you'll be 
alright." 

But despite a1J the reading and 
work assigned in a I (}.week period at 
UCSD, the COW'Ses do nOl go into as 
Illuch detail as many foreign 
stude(lts had 
expected. 

Foreign students tend 10 eneoumer language 
fru~tions, but nOI in the lecture halls where 
professon. are notorious for mpidly unloading 
mouthfuls of academic jargon. Years of fonnal 
English tr..uning have prepared intemational ~udents 

for only the style of language they read in 
textbooks and hear in c1as~rooms . But 

nothing has prepared them for Ihe 
slang and casual language of 

"Americanized" English. 
'" think I unden.tand 

most thing.:' says 
Knepper. "bul when my 

Ihree native-speaking 
roommate~ get together and 

talk, it geLS hard ~ r me and , have 
10 quit after one or two houn;." 

'''The mrn.t difficult thing i, the 
1:U1guage," EI, inger agn.>e!o. ''I'm not 

able to express my~lf as I run in 
my nalive languag~. When a 

dbcussion geL\ imen.'!.ting. I 
have to quil." 

uU1guage can be a 
di~tancing factor 

between a foreign 
,Iuden! and 

See STRANGE, 
Alan Lundgren/ Guardian Page 56 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus . . 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

Hours: 
11 am-1 am 
Sun.-Thurs. 

3211 Holiday Court HowYouUke Pizza At Home. 
11 am-2 am Fri . & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! 
TWO MEDIUM 

3·TOPPING PIZZAS 
O((.r good .(Ier 9 p m only. Delivery or Carryoo!. 
Pie ... "",nliOn o((.r wlw>n old.nng. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

TWO LARGE 
I-TOPPING PIZZAS 
"''Cd Ihe gang w,lh 2~ big slices o( pilla (or under 
SI500! I)(>Jjvrry 01 Carryoul Please menliOn off., 

wh~n ordenng. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

The Official Salsa Of HUSSONG'S Cantina 
No4'IIId .... tnr° .... _ · II~ NotV""_tnr° __ · IlNOeODY UmIIod -.., _N 10 _..... UmiIod dlilvery .... 10 ....... SlIt LIINOWS .. 
"""'V.Out driv ... carr, loss . Ii-"'ng Our Ii-..... carr, loss ~ 
INn 120.00. EJ¢Mrn 111151a2. H .. _'ltlWlI.,. Pb_AlHoIM . rhatI $20.00. EXPIres 11/1 5192 .. ~ 't.. .... u ... f'luaAlIbN 

------------'------------



54 PECTACLE 

DRUGS: Students passionately 
defend their illegal habits while experts 
deal with the disturbing aftennath 
ContInued from INCe Sl 
number-ooe threat to health and the community? 
Fha", 

Many students come 10 UCSD in pursuit of higher learning, 
never aaicipating thai they would also learn 10 get high. As the 
much talked-about case of presidential candidale Bill Oinlon has 
hown, even the most serious-minded student will ~ionally 

ventw-e beyond beer and inlO the intriguing world of illegal drugs. 
For some students. the rltSl rry leads them 10 a whole new 
lifestyle. 

';[ had always been intrigued by [LSDI but never lhoughll 
would do it," says a Muir junior. "During my freshman year in 
college, my neighbor, whom I respecled and busted, gOl me to rry 
it. Twelve people from our doml did it that night, a few for the 
rlfSl time. It was a great night." 

Some college students bring a drug lifestyle with them from 
high school and pe!>uade lheir friends and roommales to rry it in 
senings as familiar as the dorms. One Revelle sophomore 
describes how he started smoking marijuana in the seventh gmde 
and has smoked "as often as possible, within reason," ever since. 

The scenario is frequently the same for firs,-time experiences: 
the r l/'SI-timer is under the tutelage of an experienced user. 
Specially with hallucin geni drugs like LSD and mushrooms, 
care is usually taken to insure that the u,l;cr's mood is right for 
gctting high. If the first experiencc is pleasurable, the student is 
much more likely 10 continue use, even if bad experiences follow 
later on. say experienced users. 

But Pat Allahan, a drug rehabilitation ounselor at the 
McDonald's Center at Scrip~ Memorial II ~pital, has lillie 
regard for the pr.lisc that ;orne studenll> give to the pleasures and 
mind-expanding efTect~ of drugs. "I deal with the damage:- she 

~late:., " I know the damage thaI it caw.e:. in all area.-, of their live:., 
;0 I see il from a different pen;pective." 
TIes That BInd 

Although there i~ no "typical" college drug ~r, there emerge:. 
a recuning panem among them_ especially with regard 10 their 
relation.\hip> with other people. Every drug u-.cr seems 10 have 
friends thaI do imilar drugs, and often the frien<hhip> have been 
forged on shared drug experiences. Many users claim that they 
have grown cIO!>Cr to the people with whom they have gotten high 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT -OFFS • FADED BLUES 

The UC D Guardian 

The Other Price 
Of Pleasure 

Graphic by Ren(l Bruckner 

or "fried" 
After dropping acid with his friends in the Muir dorm his 

frel.hman year, one student observed changes in his social life: 
"Acid has changed the group of people that I hang out with. In 
genernl, you hang with people with whom you have a common 

.J therlll'lI 80,,11 by 
Beth Cooper 

$99 BIKER JACKETS ~~~~:~ ~ .. piomaes r~axahon 
COSTUMES • 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN· MIlITARY . TUX SHIRTS 

COO STUfF 
F A I RMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN BEACH 
'-----_ M-SAT. 11-6:30 • 222-02 20 

.. imprO'1es menlol and p/iys~al heol~ 

Mossoge Associales 
910 Glond Ave., Ste. 113 

Son Dieso, CA 92109 
561 ·8405 

Sliding fee scale with sludent I D. 

Monday,Oc'tobt-r 12. 1992 

bond. Believe me. having done acid i a big common bond" 
StudenIs thai smoke marijuana often do so with a static group 

of friends. One user praised the "ritual male bonding" that occurs 
when he smokes out with his friends. 

The insinualion thai drug "deepens" relaliOll'lhips sometimes 
lures friends into experimentalion. One student relates how he 
bought two hits of ecstasy from a friend because he heard it was a 
"louchy-feely" aug. He and his girlfriend look il together for the 
flfSt time and had sex. "It was a raised experience." he say . He 
claims thai he now takes it 10 have a good time at parties: "When 
I'm on ecswy my mind is ar full peed in social situ:uions and I 
vibe strongly with anyooc I meet," he reports. 

Indeed, many users remember their ''besI hips" as being when 
they were with their friends. "My best high was the first time I 
tripped at Disneyland with seven of the most wonderful people [ 
know," ooc student says. 

The tendency of drug users 10 surround themselves with 
friends who join them in their drug habits can manifest itself in 
the way they perceive non-users. One srudcnt user estimates that 
half of all UCSD students smoke pot, and thai about 30 perce.nt 
drop acid AnoIher user describes people unwilling to try 
marijuana as living "flaI, self-centered, material, Slraighl, narrow, 
prestigious. Iife-in-the-prison-of-present-reaIity" lives. 
PI _ ...... hIII 

"I know there's a lot of plea!.ure for them Idrug usersl," says 
AlIahan. "I also know that they have a disease, many limes, called 
chemical dependency." 

It i primarily the pleasure of being high. of "tripping," that 
apparently causes srudenrs to spend money on, form friendships 
around, and spend brain cell 011 drugs. And those users inter-
viewed adopt a reverent and often eloquent style of speech when 
describing their highs. 

One student describes hi rextiooto marijuana as follows: 
"Have you ever woken up on the 'right side' of the bed? Warm 
sun, a breeze, a fuckin' blue bird on your shoulder? That' 
induced through marijuana use." 

"Wh~ever I'm doing I the best tRing to be doing at the lime. 
It changes the way you see things," says another marijuana user_ 

Hallocinogen users describe their drug 's effects a.s if they were 
a religious experience. "You see things thai you've never seen 
before, and you think things that you've never thought before, 
and you feel things thai you've never felt before. You just let go 
and fall into ),our subconscious and when you return you are 
blown away by what your feeble mind has done," claims one 
user. 

APPLY NOW 
/orlbe 

ANDREW MELLON FELLOWSHIPS 
in the Humanities 

$12,500 Stipend + Tuition + Required fees 
for the first year of graduate study in a Ph.D. program 

TO APPLY 
Out'landing college seniors and recent Ilradu.ues must first he 

Dominated by a ("culty member 
,Vomillal/oll Deadline: November 2, 1992 

Appllcatloll Deadline: November 30, 1992 
Direct inquiries and nominations to' 

The Mellon Fellowships 
Shirley Brice Heath, Regional Director, 

Department of English 
tanford University, Stanford, CA 94305-1684 

Phone: 15-723-3316 

"What A Great Experience!" 

8.5 x 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or 5aH serve 

You'll be seeing 
GREEN because 

we',. READ 
...... Advert'''.., 134-34M 

Learning the Language. 
Me ting People. o ming face to 
face with histor ,art and archi-
tecture, culture, food and fun. 
UNIVERSITY STUDIES 
ABROAD CONSORT IUM ... 

mall classes. Personal a ttention. 
Full accredited - courses transfer 
to " our s hool. We prm'ide great 
classes in int~'nsi\'(' languclge, 
history, anthropology, art, 
business, economics, political 

ience... rganil:cd field trips 
and more. 
YOII provirll! I hI! l'/I/llIIsinslII ... 

University Studies 
Abroad Consortium 
Library - 322 
University of Nevada 
Reno, Nevada 89557-0093 
(702) 784-6569 

CHILE · F R ANCE · ITALY · S P A I N . AUST R AL I A 

Monday, October 12,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

The Bad and the Ugly: 
Everything You Thought You Knew About Drugs ••• But Were Afraid to Admit 

Marijuana: 
• Street nemet: Pot, reefer, ganja, loads, buds, Texas 

tea, Dooble Brothers, guacamole, Buddah, hey, weed, smoke, 
joint, grass. 

Hashish: 
o Street nemet: Hash, skunk, Marley, super-weed, purple 

hair, Indica, red hair indica. 
• l..onI-term efIKtI: Secondary sex characteristics change 

(males may have enlarged breasts and females may have 
abnormal facial hair and a deeper voice), chromosomal 
damage (offspring more likely to have genetic defects), panic 
attacks and hallUCinations, chronic headaches, anxiety, 
hopelessness, chronic depression, severe chronic diarmea, 
permanent Inflammation of the eyes, gastritis and ulcers, 
distortion of time and space, impaired coordinatioo. 

Heroin: 
• Street names: Mr. Brownstone, stuff, hard stuff, smack, 

big Harry, snow, H, horse, tar. 
o Long-term efI8cts: Permanent brain damage, cardiac 

problems, circulatory problems, collapsed veins, malnutrition, 
gastritis and ulcers , chronic severe constipation, psychosis, 
muscle and bone chronic pain, runny nose , weight loss. 

Inhalants: 
o Street varieties: Amyl nitrates (known as rush, hopper, 

"Even walking on your carpet with your hoes off can be a 
new eKperience" when you're high, adds another. 

It is mosl often these rave reviews that convince inexperienced 
students to rry illegal drugs for the first time. An ecstasy user said 
he would "most defmitely" recommend the drug to 0Iheni. A 
mushroom user encourages 0Iheni to try mushrooms, "most 
definitely and by any means necessary. II gives one great insight 
into things and ideas thai the avernge John Doe could never 
imagine. Everyone should expand their mind and have a good 
time while doing it." 

But AJlahan says that students need to "learn other ways of 
coping.lfhaving fun i numbing one' self, then they need 10 look 

locker room), glue, white-out, marilers, vapor-producing 
solvents, propellents. paint. gasoline. nitrous oxide (also 
known as laughing gas, whippets). 

• L.on&-tenn effects of nitrous oxide use: Permanent brain 
damage, cardiac problems, respiratory problems. permanent 
psychosis. 

PCP: 
• Street names: Peace pins, angel dust, sherms, horse 

tranquilizer. 
o LonC-tenn ef'fec:ts: Brain damage causing permanent 

psychotic behavior, hallucinations, anxiety, Irritability, interfer-
ence with growth hormones, chromosomal damage, cardiac 
problems, respiratory problems, elevated pulse/temperature/ 
blood pressure. 

LSD: 
• Street names: Acid, fry, heavenly blue, sid, chief, pearly 

gate, sugar cube. 
• Long-tenn effec:ta: Chromosomal damage, flashbacks. 

MDMA: 
• Street names: Ecstasy, X. 
• LonC-tenn err.cts: Genetic damage, increased tolerance 

to drug. 
- ......... AI ........ SaIpps M....t .. tto.pftaI 

at that. It could really affect all areas of their life." 
Oflen lhe pleasure of being high can prove :.0 powerful that 

the student beconles dependent on it. A1lahan sees recreational 
drug usc in a different way from the students who enjoy it. Far 
from fostering self-realization, all drugs only enhance a person's 
sclf-decay, she says_ "These c:bugs are all-encompassing and they 
affect all areas of your life." 

According to Allahan. a user sometimes only fully realizes lhe 
far-reaching effects of their drug habil when attempting to quit 
They must change every aspect of Iheir lives. and that can include 
lhe "friends" with whom they got high previously. 
Bed TrIps 

PECTACLE S5 

Drug users will often continue their habit indefinitely, trying in 
vain to recapture the intense feelings of their first high. The 
memory of their "honeymoon" with the drug Clm be powerful 
enough 10 have them coming back for more even when they begin 
10 llO(ice lhe debilitating effects of the drug. 

Many mushroom users describe having "bad trips:' in which 
they experience fear and a feeling that they are losing their minds. 

Srudenrs also noted lhe danger of having a bad LSD trip if 
their mood was not right. One property of acid i. that it has the 
pOIential for re-enlering the blOO<btream at unprediclable 
moments, perhaps years after usage. 

TIle most popular drugs among college students e.m be 
addictive because of the key role they play in a student's social 
and psychological life. But drugs like "cmck" cocaine c.m 
produce a physical addiction as well. The effect~ of this can be 
considerably more dangerous than a bad trip. 

A male Muir College junif)r was introduced to el"JCk by his 
roommate. and decided to go 10 downtown San Diego and buy 
some for himself. "I smoked $80 wonh one nighl and il laMed [sol 
short It was weaker than I thought il would be. TIle high w~ 
hardly nOliceable for 15-30 minutes_ You know jl's gone when 
you S(;ut 10 feellile your whole world revolves around gelling 
another hit." 

He S(lid he did it out of"curio,ity at first,then it'~ purely 
physical addiction. It 's not the pl~l),ure of being on it. it \ 
avoiding the pain that results after: ' 
The Law 

Srudents that usc drugs tend to adopl .m uncharitable anitude 
loward those that oppose their lifestyle. "The propaganda again,t 
drug usc i perpetrJted by a lying, di~gu"ing, m,mipul:llive, 
money-hungry, unhappy people-a ruling elite that has gone off 
on such a power tangent that it', 1~1 grip with the quest ~ r 
human intellectual and spiritual development," claims one. 

But unfortunately for user... dnlg rcstriction~ are strictly 
enforced al UCSD. According to call1pu~ poli e. there were 15 
drug-related arrests at UCSD during 1991 . 111ere have already 
becn 21 so far in 1992. Sergeant Jeff Huchinson. a UCSD Day 
Watch palrOlman, ha.~ ob-,erwd numerou, drug-related am:"" 
and saWae thinks that drug, ,ueh a. .. LSD and l11u~hroorn, have 
been maldng a silenl comelxd on college c~unpu:,es recently. 
With hallucinogenic drug" he !>:IY" it i, harder to detect when 
someone is high. But. he !>:Iys. "Marijuana is real ea.'y. It loob 
tike M>rTh.'OI1e has pored lacquer thanner in their eye., to make Ihem 
look gla.o;sy and blood-,hc)(:' 

See DRUGS, Page 6 

INTERACTIVE 
SOFTWARE 
ENGINEERS 

We are a Mutti-media Production 
company with software engineering 

p!?si tion~ avaitable in Southern 
California. Candidatcs must have 

e~perience and/or ability to 
understand the requirements of multi-
media de ign and be abte 10 creativety 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

Ir:mslalc them into imptementation approaches; Experience in ;ofiware dcvelopmenr 
is a ptus; proficienr in C and U"'~. or Macinlosh MPW: mulli-proces . reat time or 
object oriented programming is desirabte. We are seeking applicants with game 
experience. and/or an interest in interactive development and design. Must be abte to 
work in IIR entertainment production and creative environment. If ),ou are seeking an 
opportunity to grow in a rapidly growing indu try and would like to work for an 

e~ciring company. send your resume wirh salary requirements to the addres below. 
We offer an excellent and competitive compensation package. 
Selld all rtsumes 10: A TIN HUMAN RESOURCES 

11111 SANTA MONICA BLVD., 4TH flOOR 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90025 

Working around 
the cl~ck tonight? 
Discover Kinko's. 
For most of us, there just aren't 
enough hours in a 9 to 5 day to get 
some of our imponant projects 
done on time. And thal'S why we're 
open 24 hours. Every day. So no J 
matter when you need a helping -r 
hand and a friendly face, you'll 
find them at Kinko's. 

I(inl(o's 
-the copy center 
OPEN 24 HOURS 

457-3775 
La JoUa 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
483-1852 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamel Avenue 

10 Loclltio", in Stili INgo COllnIJ! 1~.I 1E1 

Do You Have 

MONO? 
EARN $$$ 
You may have antibodies 

needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

to $1 ()() per week. 

Please call 
MDWOUTOllU 
226·1733 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• 10% UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

·Wlth UCSD 10 ElIplre\ I III !I'll 

RB RICHARD E.BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459·5565 
470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

ROB E R T'S 

A .UTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH Be JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)27.i-l1.12 
Mon. -Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm w~ lISt! ana r!!COlnmeNI Kendall-

IubrlC¥l1S to our CvSl Oo'1'ftS 

-------------------J..O%OFF 
all repairs* with this coupon 

' Except moter nnd trnnsmi OlOn overhaul. 
Not valid WIth any other coupon 



6 PECTACLE 

STRANGE: 
Students try to adju t 
to culture shock. 
ContInued from paCe 53 
someone the: student is trying to get 
to know. "It's hard when you wam to 
express somc:thlng deeply," says 
Manco Lupi, an Economic studenl 
from the University of Bologna in 
ltaly. "When I come 10 a momenl of 
reaJly nec:ding 10 express something, 
it' hard to find the: right words." 
No ....... 

UCSO has never been acclL<'oo of 
being a major party school,least of aU 
by students from other counlTies. 
Many of the international students are 
u!.OO 10 a greater presence of al ohol 
on campus, and say there is an almost 
clandestine nature 10 having a beer al 
U SO, regardless of whether or nOl 
you are of legal drinking age. 

"Everybody i into a healthy 
lifestyle here," sighs Hull. "In Britain, 
univeThity life is cenlered around 
going 10 the bar. My universilY has a 
, lUclent union which i~ basically a big 
bar in the middle of campus. People 
here are more inlo their studi .... 

Knepper, who lives in the Pepper 
Cany n apartment.<. on c..'II11PU ,also 
found the attitude of UCSO ~tuden 
toward alcoholt be unu,ua!. "People 
don't drink in public. After my fi~ 
week here, I realized that I had not 
had a ~ingle beer, and il ~med 
,LrJOge to me. In Germany, if you 
have a parry with no beer. n one will 
corne. But I'm gelting used to it here." 

Both ~tudenL\ reported that the 
\OCurity on this ampw. I.'i far mcter 
than that on their home campu~. 
where they say rules related to alcoh I 
and partying are seldom enforced. 

~,...... 
Kidane-Mariam himself f~ came 

EIhiopia. He: remembers initially 
pending much of his time: in his 

room, unsure of what 10 say or 
do in his new envi.ronrnc:nt. "11 
is not very easy to penetrate 
American soc ic:ty," he observes. 
"Mixing with Amc:rican 
srudents is often not very easy:' 

Most fon:ign students live 
oft' campus, which often 
restricts their social life and the 
number of people they meet. 
Consc:qumly, sruderus from the: 
same: country wiJIlend 10 give 
each other support by OOnding 
together. Kidane-Mariam notes 
that this is especially true in the 
Chinese community at UCSD, 
which comprises the largesl 
group of foreign students. 

Students from other cultures often 
do not know how 10 regard the open 

DRUGS: 
Users and health 
official disagree. 
ContInued from page SS 

Huchinson ~y~ that plain-
c101he police are !>Ometimes 
stat ioned in the crowd~ at CS 0 
events such a, concerts or reggae 
festivals 10 catch pol smoker.>. "The 
manner that they are holding ii, the 
way they take Ihe long drag on it 
and hold it in their lung~ for an 
extended period of time," are some 
of Ihe lip-orrs which the office~ 
look for before making an arresl, he 
~ays. 

After all of his experience 
around illegal drug U!oC, Huchinson 

T he UCSD Guardian 

friendlinesc; thai seems 10 bomOOrd 
them here. ~ wilhout exception. 
foreign ~nlS cite this coocem as 
the f IfSt bil of confu ion they 

experienced when inleracting with 
American students. 

is keptical aboutlhe theory thaI 
drug can enhance a good time. 
"You can never predict, you have 
absolutely no idea if il is going to 
be a good trip or bad trip. I've seen 
too many ludenlS in an upbeat 
pany ,ituation freak-oUI," he says. 

Mo t ludents interviewed were 
unafraid of ever being caught and 
semenced for drug po se ion. 

one of them ever had been. Users 
say they resent the prohibition on 
their drug of choice. "You never 
hear of anyone lying dead in the 
gutter with a joint in hi hand." 
comments one. 

- ...... Report_ 
ElaIne c.mueo ... 1enIor 

St.ff WrIter ....... IawIton 
contributed to this story. 

"Sometimes I feel embarrassed." 
says Lupi, "because: people ask how 
it's going, and I don't know if I'm 
supposed 10 really answer the 
question. I don't know if they really 
want to know." 

'll's so easy 10 bump inlo 
someone you know and say 'Hi, 
how are you?' People: are very 
friendly," adds EJ inger. "BUI 
you reach a point where the 
relalionship docsn't grow 
anymore, and you reach that 
point very soon. 

"In Austria, it's the other 
way around. It' hard to get to 
know someone, but once you 
know them, the relationship has 
more depth." 

Knepper had heard that 
Americans were quick to make 
SUperfICial friendships. "When 

people said, 'Hey, I'l l call you: I 
didn't know whether to rake them 

Monday . Octobt-r 12, 199"2 

seriously." But. she: says, most of 
what she has heard has proved to be 
inaccurate generalization. She has 
ellpc:riencc:d a greaI deal of incerity 
from the: people: she has met. 

Despite the diftkulty adjusting to 
American college life, some srudenrs 
are impressed with various aspects of 
it, ranging from the quality of 
teaching to the facilities on campus to 
the physical ruuactiveness of the 
students. 

" J don't agree thai American 
educarion is in decline," says Hunl 
' '1l1erc: seem to be more invesunenl 
in higher education here than in . 
Britain." 

His opinion is 50 pect, beeause he 
later added that, ''the food is tremen-
dous out here. It' an absolule 
luxury." 

"It's harder than I expected," 
comments Lupi. "It ' nOl lhe U.S. I 
sec: in the: movies." 

'De{ta (jamma 

1{p6ill Jonu 

p rt.Stn t.s wi tfr. priIU 
t ftt pktftJt ,fass uf 1992 

'lima 1(apum 
'A.Jm Xpufman 
1(ayLu 
Silvina Mcncfw 
CfuistiM Murwr. 
'Tracy 7{j;strom 

'B~ Ortiz 
. 'l(jJfutway 

..,,, ... lIi, s~eC 
MaID S uEramanian 
JanJU wang 
'Toky'Wu 

TI calculators work hardet 
To help you work smartet 

Yes, 
We 
Can 

Helpl 

TI 81 TI's Graphic 
Scientific alculator 
\vith an 8 line by 16 
character di play, and 13 
calculating digits. 

TI 85 T I's G raphing 
Ca lculator wi th an 8 line 
by 21 character display, 
and advanced graphing 
functio ns. 

~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

114 page tabloid ad 

computer Be 
electronics dept. 

5344320 

LJI S I J 
'\('ClK".T()f.f:f 

• Fast • Local • ASAP Lender 
Fast, fri~ndly help i. our rusiness! If)'oo need pecial help, we-aren't 
a vagu voi e in ew York or SactCImemo. We're here and we help. 

FREE CREDIT UNION MEMBERSHIP! 
We waive your membership fee and you enjoy outstanding financial 

scrvice- from any of 22 countywide branch locations. 
Call us for more info aOOut 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

or ask your Financial Aid Department 

L~ 
Mi$ioo Federal Credl unim 

SEfMNG Tl£ [WCAOONAI.~. 

M .... on FoJe ... t, a SSSO mlll.,n C....J" un lor. "hIm has .. rv~ It-.. ~ucal"",.t <.OI!Im.""1Y of~n ()."R"CounlY for 
rmr. !han 10 y ..... R,;" ... Itms, <and"",,,, . ...J .. rvIC .. sub)«' '" charco· All Iooni sub,«, '" cred" arJ'fOY'It. 

9/92 

1 C11111,,~ . 1l,·tulH'l· 12 . 1')1)2 TIll' lIesJ) Glianlian 

\\ 

'\(oo KtlOW, it! $'0 ridiculou). If I don't call my 
parent5 every lunday at exact~ S. o'clock, 
they thihk I was kidnapped by al,en}, or 

~otnething. An,,/way \ o",e SUhday rY\9 and 
Mark we deCide +0 take-off arid checkout 
the City. )0 we're har'\~in3 out and I look, at 
rrty watcn. 5 o'clocK;' A l r~ht, )0 roy call1h9 
card and r head dowrl 10 the lo(al pool hall. 
(Which I ha ppen to know haJ a payphohe) 
And I te II the folkS t he Martiqns ser\d 
,heir beft. '1 

SPEC'!' \<:I.I-: S7 

o matter where you happen to be, the for another, 
AT&T Calling Card can take you home. - c.JIhtwCMrJ [f you get your Calling Card now, your fir l 

U's also the least expensive way to '-:::;::;' call will be free:* And you' ll become a member of 
call state-to-state on AT&T, when you can t dial ~1~.i!1l~ j,l iif/ii . AT&T Student Saver Plus, a program of products 
direct. With the new ATO!T Call and Sa"e Plan, / .lli!) :;;- 000 I'~G, '7;- d . h d <.X .V ' _--___ . ..-J. an service t at saves stu ent lime and money. 
you'll get special discounts on AT&T Calling Card call :' All of which make the AT&T Calling Card out of 
And once you have your card, you'll never need to apply this world. 

1b get an AW' Calling Card for off-campus calling, call 1800 654-0471 Ext. 850. ATSaT 



Monday, October 12, 1992 The UCSD Guardian CALENDAR 8 

Academic Services 
Monday through Friday 
. 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Wrltlnc Center is a free service for all UCSD students. We 
offer one·to-one writing conferences for any type of writing project - academic papers, 
personal statements. even stories and poems. Our staff of trained undergraduates. who come 
from a variety of academic disciplines. can help you become a more effective writer, Call 534-
2284 to make an apPOintment ordropbyouroffice In the old Student Center. BUlldingB, Room 
214 . 

c 
a 
I 
e 
n 
d 
a 
r 

• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. (Friday·3 p.m.) - The OASIS Langua,e Procram provides assistance to 
those dOing work In Japanese. German. Spanish, French and Vietnamese. A diagnostic test 
on written English is available on request. Call 534-2284 for info. 
. 8 :30 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study Mllflllement Center help you this quarter with time 
management. note taking and ed ltmg. textbook analYSIS. memory. flexible/speed reading, 
vocabulary development and GRE/LSA T / MCAT verbal comprehension. Stop by York Hall 4010 
or call 534-7344 to set up a personal apPointment. Also - stay on the lookout for those 
valuable OASIS Study Skills Workshop and the GRE weekend specials. 
Monday, Oct. 12 
. 3-3:50 p.m. - Memory Tec:hnlquH: OASIS Study Management Center. York Hall 4010. 
Pregistratlon recommended , call 534-7344. 
Tuesday, Oct. 13 
• 2·2:50 p.m. - Exam Preparation: OASIS Study Management Center. York Hall 4010. 
Preregistration recommended, call 534·7344. 
Wednesday. Oce. 14 
. 2·2:50 p.m. - Study Strategies for the Humanities: OASIS Study Management Center. York 
HGall 4010. Preregistration recommended. call 534-7344. 
Thursday. Oct. 15 
• 2·2:50 p.m. - Overview of Study Management Strategies: OASIS Study Management 
Center, York Hall 4010. Preregistration recommended. call 534-7344. 
Fflday. Oce. 16 
• 10-10:50 a.m. - Lecture/Notetaklng: OASIS Study Management Center. York Hall 4010. 
Prereglstratton recommended. call 534 7344. 

Services/ Workshops 
Monday-Friday 
. 8 a.m.·2 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer-ilased program of career Information deSigned to help you 
clanfy your skills. values and Interest. For more Informatton. come to the Career Services 
Center. $10. 
.1 :30-4 p.m. - DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS - For help With career goals.Job hunting. resum~ 
preparation or explOring profeSSional or graduate school opportunities. No appointment 
needed. just walk In to the Career Services Center. 
Monday. Oct. 12 
. 11·12 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL PEER COUNSELING With Chelt . Drop by our office 
next to the Price Center Library Lounge or call 534-3978 to make an appointment. 
. 3-4:30 p.m. - MIND/ BODY CONNECTIONS: Becoming more aware of stress. self-defeating 
attitudes and habits and learning relaxat ion . Five week senes. Leader: Beverly HarjU. 534-
3755. 
. 3:30·5 p.m. - BLACK FEMINIST FOCUS: Group for African Amencan women who Wish to 
explore femlnlsl/womanlstperspectives . Leader: EQuilia Luke. 534-3585. Call before coming. 
Tuesday. Oct. 13 
• 12·1 :30 p.m. - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE EATING: Group forwomenwho diet and binge. 
Focus on developing coping skills. Leader : Equilia Luke. 534-3585. 
. 1·2 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL PEER COUNSELING With Steve. Drop by our office next 
to the Pnce Center Library Lounge or call 534-3987 . 
• 3-4 :30 p.m. - UNDERGRADUATE GROWTH GROUP: A group for undergraduate students 
who have had indiVidual counseling and are ready to explore Issues In a group context. Leaders: 
Lindsay Calderon. 534 0249. and Beverly McCreary. Call for sign up. 
• 56:30 p.m. - UNDERGRADUATE WOMEN'S THERAPY GROUP: A group fOCUSing on 
relationships. self-esteem. assertiveness and female Identity. Leader: Equilia Luke. 534-
3585. Call for slgn·up. 
Wednesday. Oct. 14 
. 11 a.m.·12:30 p.m. - GRADUATE SUPPORT GROUP: A group for men and women graduate 
students expenencelng frustration. fear. disappointment and loneliness in their graduate 
programs. Leader: Hugh Pates. 534·3456. and Robin Reed-Spaulding. 534-37555. Call for 
sign up. 
. 12:30 p.m. - GRADUATE MEN'S AND WOMEN'S GROUP: A group for graduate students 
Interested In explonng relationships. academic/ professional Issues and personal concerns. 
Leaders: Mtnam losupovici. 534-0255. and Alvin Alvarez. Call for sign-up. 
. 2·3 p.m. - LESBAIN GAY BISEXUAL PEER COUNS~LING With DaVid . Drop by our office next 
to the Pnce Center Library Lounge or call 534-3987 to make an apPOintment. 
. 5-6 :30 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL WOMEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: Aconfidentlal weekly 
drop-In group open to all UCSD students. A fnendly atmosphere where you can openly discuss 
questions of your sexuality. Led by Chell and Lisa at the Irvine Room. 2nd floor Price Center. 
. 6:30-8 p.m. - GAY & BISEXUAL MEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: A weekly support group led by 
DaVid and Steve In a safe. supportive and confidential environment. Student Center B. lower 
level conference room. 
Thursday. Oct. 15 
. 12·1 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY AND BISEXUAL PEER COUNSELING with Lisa. Drop by our office 
next to the Price Center Library Lounge or call 534·3987 to make an appointment. 
. 12·1:30 p.m. - PAN-ASIAN COMMUNITY FORUM: Drop-in group addressing concerns of 
ASian/Pacific Islander students. Leaders: Janne Manese. 534·3035. and Alvin Alvarez. 
. 1:30 p.m. - STUDY OR WORK IN JAPANI EAP /OAP Info session. Hear about programs for 
a summer. quarter or year of study or work in Japan. Call 534-1123. 
Friday. Oct. 16 
. 8-9 :30 a.m. - WOMEN MOLESTED AS CHILDREN: For survivors of childhood/adolescent 
sexual abuse. Leaders: Beverly Harju. 534-2237. and Rick Wh itehill. 534-0248. Call for sign-
up. 412 MMC. 
• 2-4 p.m. - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE GROUP: Supportive environment for 
discussing problems related to alcohol and substance abuse. Leader: Dan Munoz. 534-1579. 
Revelle Provost's Office. 
• 4~ p.m. - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: Informal group for Afncan-American students. Leader: 
Phil Raphael. 534·0252. Mountain View Lounge. 
Saturday. Oct. 17 
. 11 a.m. - SAHAJA YOGA will present a FREE MEDITATION PROGRAM that IS open to all. 
The purpose of the program is to experience self·reallzation and to understand how meditation 
can enhance your life . It is Simple and anyone can do it . DaVis/ Riverside Room (second floor 
of the Price Center). 
Clubs & Meetings 
Monday, Oct. 12 
. 4 p.m. - Pr&1lFofesslonal Psycholoey AHoc:latlon First General Meeting: All interested 
students are welcome . Guest speaker. San Franc isco/Santa Cruz Room. Price Center. 
. 7 p.m. - LGBA Business Meetings - Get involved with LGBA, you'lI make friends and have 
a great time. Make it you r business! Meetings at WTCC. 
. 7·9 p.m. - CIRCLE K INTERNATIONAL - The largest collegiate service organization in the 
U.S.! Meetmgs Peterson Ha1l10S. Join us for Penguins Night! 
Tuesday. Oct. 13 
. 6 p.m. - GRADUATE STUDENT ASSOCIATION Council Meeting to be held in the Student 
Leadership Chambers. Call 534-6504 for more information. 
• 7 p.m. - Phi Alpha Delta Pre-law. co-ed fraternity info night at Warren 2005. Open to all. 
. 7 p.m. - KSDT Orientation in North Conference Room. Old Student Center. New members 
welcome. Come learn about college radio. 
. 7 p.m. - York Hall 2622. Waterski Club at UCSD. First meeting olthe year. All are welcome. 
Come check it out! 
Wednesday. Oct. 14 
• 3:30-4 p.m. - University Events meetln.: special/comedy committee will discuss 
upcoming events scheduled including Pickle Family Circus and Culture Clash. All welcome. 
Need new ideas for programming. Davis/ Riverside Room. 
. 4-6:30 p.m. - All welcomel Student Afftrmatlve Action Committee Meeting. Price Center. 
Gallery B. 

illustr~tion r e n e bruckner 
• 7 p.m. - Speaker: Joe Blumenthal on issues affecting the pro-Israel community in the 
General Election. Free refreshments . Price Center Room 8 (Student Leadership Chamber. 3rd 
floor). 
. 7 p.m. - ALPHA KAPPA PSI . co-ed professional business fraternity. rush information night. 
Solis Hall 104. 
Saturday. Oct. 17 
. 6 p.m. - Union of Jewish Students sponsors Havdalah In the Suhkah on the Hump. 
Health and Fitness 
Monday-Friday 
• FREE! Test you r physical fitness and endurance at RTSTOP. This is an offer you can' t refuse! 
Come by the Student Health Service. 2nd floor . 
Monday· Thursday 
• Whether you're Jumping in bed or not, STDs are not too hot. so if you want to be safp.r. and 
make your thrill that much greater. check out the Women 's Sexual Health Info Session. and 
leave With a free condom during a time of recession I Student Health Service, Call 534-1824 . 
Mon. 2 p.m.; Tues. 10 a.m. and 1 p.m.; Wed. 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. ; Thurs. 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. 

Lectures 
Tuesday, Oct. 13 
. 8 p.m . - Nadine Gordlmer. winner of the 1991 Nobel Prize in literature, will give a benefit 
lecture in the Price Center Theater. The "Great Author· lecture is sponsored by the Friends of 
the UCSD Library. Gordimer is the author of a number of anti·apartheid novels and short stories 
set in her South African homeland. Admission is $20. For ticket infonmation. call 534-1275. 
Thursday, Oct. 15 
• 8 p.m. - James Burke. Britain's foremost commentator on science and technology will 
speak in the Mandeville Auditorlum.Tickets are $12/14 students and $15/17 general. For 
Infonnation. call University Events at 534-4090. 
Events and Recreation 
Tuesday-Saturday 
. 10 a.m.·5 p.m. (Saturday·2 p.m.) - "Personal Visions" show at the Grove Gallery focuses 
·outsider" art in an exhibition of several personal works. including that of Howard Finster, Mose 
Toliver. Mamie Deschillie and Patrick Davis. Local San Diegans Pete Taylor and Robert 
DeAndrea will also participate in the folk art show. which continues through Oct. 24 . 
Monday. Oct. 12 
• 7 p.m. - Mexican FIESTA featuring buffet dinner. mariachi band. piiiata and more. 
Donations only. Call 457·2184. 
Wednesday. Oct. 7 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on the Hump - Come out and eat lunch with LGBA in one of its favorite 
traditions. Bring your own food. 
Tuesday. Oct. 13 . 
. 6 :30 p.m. - San Diego Mayoral Candidate Peter Navarro speaks on local economics issues 
in the coming years. Sponsored by Alpha Kappa PSi. co-ed professional business community. 
Wednesday. Oct. 14 
.8:30-10:30 a.m. - The Warren College Communter Breakfast is backl Here's your chance 
to discuss commuter issues with fellow commuter students! 50 cents for all you can eall 2nd 
floor Lit. Bldg. Conference Room . 
Thursday. Oct. 15 
• 6 p.m - ENVIRONMENTAL FORUMS '92 question and answer seSSion with the S.D. 
Mayoral candidates: Peter Navarro and Susan Golding. Focus will be on environmental issues. 
Price Center Ballroom, free admission. Come early. The plaza will also be filled with 
environmental booths. tables and attractions from 6·10 p.m. 
Friday, Oct. 16 
. 5 p.m. - Driptank. Dark Globe. Truman 's Water. Custom Roar, a M iniature. Gym Steps. 
KSDT's 25th Annl'/ersary. 
. 7:30-9:30 p.m. - UCSD's Department of Ethnic Studies will hold a free publiC conference, 
"After the Smoke Has Cleared: Race and Ethnlclty In the Future of Los Angeles," in Conference 
lllA adjacent to the Chancellor's Office. 
Saturday. Oct. 17 
. 3 p.m. - Two Free tours of the UCSD campus. one by bus, one on foot , are offered this fall 
by the UCSD Visitors Program. The bus tours are the first and third Sundays of each month from 
the Gilman Information Pavilion . The walking tours are on alternate Sundays from the Gilman 
Information Pavilion. Reservations; call 534-4414. 
.8 p.m. - Spoken word with Danny Weizman and Marisela Norte. $5. UCSD Price Center 
Ballroom. 
. 9 :30 p.m.-UCSD·s Department of Ethnic StudlHwili hold a conference, "After the Smoke 
Has Cleared: Race and Ethnicity in the Future of Los Angeles.· in the Price Center Auditorium. 

Religious Functions 
Tuesday. Oct. 13 
• BIble Study in the Book of II Cor. Call 534-6431. 
Wednesday. Oct. 14 
• 6 p.m. - Supper Mrvecl to hungry students by townspeople of the Lutheran community. 
University Lutheran Church. across from Revelle College. 
. 7 p.m. - BIble study sponsored by Lutheran Campus Ministry. All are welcome. University 
Lutheran Church, across from Revelle COllege. 
.8 p.m. - N_lnqul,..,. Seminar for believers and doubters; led by Lutheran Campus Pastor 
John Huber. Everyone is welcome. University Lutheran Church. across from Revelle College. 
Friday. Oct. 9 
.12 p.m. - Islamic Friday Pray.r in the Price Center every Friday at noon. For info, call Yusuf 
at 450-4681. 
Sunday, Oct. 11 • 9 p.m. - Come to Hardcore Student Rim Club meetings. MCC 139. ·Cheaper than fraternities. better than sex.· 

Thursday. Oct. 15 • 10:15 a.m. - Lutheran worship service. ·Chicago Folk Mass" sponsored by Lutheran Campus Ministry. Open to all. University Lutheran Church. across from Revelle College 

Monday, October 12, 199"2 

A MATTER 
OF BIAS 
COI'tMNMY: The 
media is showing its leftist 
tilt by fawning over Ointm 
By Roderick a..-
Staff Writer 

The indepcncImprcsShas long been 
lWOCiaIcd with the term "Fourth Es-
!ale." BUl, in this aII-irnportam election, 
the sometimes Ieftisl tik of the fourth 
branch of our govenuncnt has taken on 
a vtry specific character. 

With the exception of the ~ 
fura- over the draft issue, the national 
press has largelygiven etu.on the IYeaks 
at the expense of the opponents, Dem0-
crat and Republican alike . 

The media came to the Republican 
convention in Houston like buzzards 
waiting to pick at a dead carcass. This 
was a par1y divided, they said, held 
captive by its "extreme right wing." 

The actual coverage was no beaer. 
All three broadcast netwaks cut away 
from Tue!iday night's ke~ speech 
so as not to disrurb their prime time 
schedules on the West Coast It would 
have been unthinkable to cut away from 
the Democrar'skeynolespeech, no mat-
ter how boring it was. 

Newsweek rejected pictures of the 
convention for its cover in favor of the 
role model for the '90s, Woody Allen. 
Had they done the same to Boy Dimon, 
the Democrats would have iJnmcdj. 
ately cried foul. But. to the Republicans. 
it's just " business as usual." 

Contrast this to the giant lovefest in 
New York. The media bought into the 
Oems' idea that their ticket is main-
stream, neveronce using the terms "left" 
or "liberal." They conveniently ignored 
the fact that George McGovern, hardly 
a moderate, had compared Dinton and 
Gore toa Trojan Horse: "They are really 
much more liberal than they appear,and 
they'll show you after they're elected" 

Similarly. Clinton's "New Cov-
enant" was called moderate: or even 
"conservative." despite the fact that 39 
of his 52 ideas are exad duplicates from 
the liberal plans ofDukakisor MoOOaIe. 

CNN'sUmyKing,aCuomoDemo-
crat, put Vice President Dan Quayle on 
the spot when he asked him what he 
would do if his daughter had an abor· 
tion, a no-win situation forthe VP. Had 
he evaded the question. the press would 
have accused him of not being com-
pletelyhonestwiththeAmerican people. 

Ointon was then asked the same 
question the next morning. Instead of 
being met with outrage, he was practi-
cally applauded when he replied flatly, 
"I wouldn't talk to the press about it" 

And when the media isn 'tbusyslant-
ingthe coverage,they'reprovidingdam-
age control for the Clinton campaign. 
The networks are visibly uncomfort-
able with reporting Clinton's draft 
record, a markedcontrastwiththe frenzy 
they had over Quayle four years ago. 

When Republican surrogates attack 
Ointon's record, they are accused of 
"going negative." But when Ointon or 
Gore attacks the Reagan-Bush years, 
they are just "telling the nuth," even the 
blatantly false claim that we have had 
"12 years of decay and neglect" 

CNN reporter Candy Crowley be-
lieves that any "accidertal bias" ~ 
because it is easier for most reporters to 
identify with a ticket from their genera. 
tion. Yet, c:cnespondm.s had no pr0b-
lem savaging Quayle. aIsoa member of 
their genmtion. 

When general philosophical and 
ideological bia<;es are replaced by ad0-
ration for one specific individual, it is 
long pa5t ovenIue to question media 
mocive. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CONGRATULATIONS 
TO THE 

PLEDGES 
OF 

PI BETA PHI 
?6na 'Bains 

'Emily 'Barstow 
1(unDuly 'BniMn 

JulU Castro 
Jennifer Crowe 
'Devery 'Dvorak.. 

?r{oniR.!z 'EckfoU 
'l\!ltfileen 1'int 

Christina (jaftfo.s 
ljina (jart{etto 

'l(gft6eR.!z :Harris 
Lisa :Houle 

1Janie[£e 1(aaas 

9.{idi.!{{e 'Kim 
!Meg ?{plman 
Cami P!iif[ips 
'Tami Pittroff 

Courtney Shalion 
earoryn S~apn'o 
'llgne Sk:...ripk:...us 

Stepfianie SporlS{er 
Lisa Stamp 

.:4.my'/lanaeroast 
'Danie{[c 'Wi{{jams 

Susan 'Wren 

OPINION 9 

..-----f,::'~n. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

__ F~~~.!,~~~~Y* 
MW. ~ • $20 minimum purchase ' within (j mile radiuli of campus 
.....uw.· 

l.hp. '1I(2t~n 
Not Vllild wilh 
any oLher oITer 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's 455-5545 PI'ompt dclivery. 7 days n week. Opcn dally am·8 pill 

M.A. IN COUNSELING PSYCHOLOGY 
Spcrializalion offered in: 

Marriage, Family and Child Counscling 
Counscling Psychology 
Chemical Dependency 

For a brochure and application caUloday (310) 338-7547 
Loyolo ".rymounl Uni .. nity G,.du.., Divi.ioo 
Loyola 1II.d. II W .. 11Gth St.. Loo ~tJ.o, CA 9000 

1 



RUSH 

PHI ALPHA DELTA 
PR -LAW OED FRATERNITY 

Tu. Oct 13 
Inlo :\Ight 

Xpm 
WUI2U05 

Rush Events 
We. Oct 14 Th. Oct IS Fr. Oct 16 

Speaker 1~lIa :'\ I):ht Cookout 
Hpm 7pm (hnrJL'U) 

\\' 1.1 1 2005 ~oundTtlhlc TBA 

"Service T() The Student 
The law School 
The Profession 
And The ommuniry" 

SII.OctI7 
Ilc;lch Cirafill 

2plll'! 
rB\ 

Info all : David Franco 558-5770 

The "Sun"is.a!ways Trim 0_ Tan 
2 TAN s$J: 

Lose 6" Guaranteed 
European Body Wrap-only $48 

Not . ttnlPOflr)' _iter k)ss • RedU::e cellut4 and stretch tnlWkI 

--------------- ----

: 3TANS FOR$15 I 
With coupon on/~ F<I* •• 11I12.92 I 

"t+i'IMmd"IfJ.!'i,['''''iMItt;, ! It ~ -} J. VI I vi 
APPLICATIONS ARE CURRENTLY AVAILABLE FOR 
~"""IoiiIoiiiI"""'" OF THE FOLLOWING COMMITIEES: 

• Student Health Advisory 
• Student Regulations Review 
• University & Special Events 
• Parking & Transportation 
• Bookstore Advisory 
• A.S. Elections Committee 
• and others 
Pick up applications at the Revelle Dean's Office 

, , 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, October 12, 1992 

Tritons Lose 2-0 to Regals 
wmars SOCCI1t UCSD loses ill; first Division ill game this year to Cal Lutheran; 
Tritons also lere SOO1e offensive (UlCh as midfielder KingsOOiy su1fe~ an ankle injwy 
By Greta Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It was a lough 
week for Ihe 
UCSDwomen's 
soccer team , and 
it ended in a 
tough way. The 

Tritons, ranked flJ"S( in the Western re-
gion, were defealed 2-0 on Friday by 
Cal Lutheran. the number (wo tearn in 
the region. 

The game staned off badly for the 
Triton, as junior midfielder Eva 
Kingsbury injured her ankle only three 
minutes into the game. 1Gng.~bury, one 
of only tIuee returning staners from last 
season. was an il'lIegr.u pan of the UCSD 
attack. "That knocked us off our snide 
right away. Without her. we lost a 101 of 
our penetration," Head Coach Bryan 
McManus said. 

The Tritons never recovered from 
the loss of Kingsbury • as the offense was 
never able to break through the Regal 
defense, 

Cal Lutheran scored its f1l'Sl goal at 
the 13:26 marie as Jill Gallegos look a 
cross from the left ide from teammate 
Joey Allard and put the 0011 past Triton 
freshman goalie Cali Schwanz. 

The Regals struck again with only 
eight minutes left 10 play as Rachel 
Waclcennan look an Amy Ward assist 
and convened for the fU1al score of the 
game. 

Dan McOOwetf/ Guanfan 
Carin PUCh ran Into some trouble acaJnst Cal Lutheran 81 a Recal 
defender tries to upend the Triton. 

"We were very evenly matched 
teams," McManus said, "and it c:une 
down to who made the mistakes. 

"We made a couple of mistakes and 
they didn 't." the coach said. 

With Kingsbury injured, forward 
Katy Dulock had to step up and take on 
additional offensive responsibility. 
"[Duloclc] had an outstanding game, 
she's the best player in the park. If she . s 
not an AII·American thi year, 
something' wrong," McManus said 

DuIock. a seni<l" and one of the three 
returning starters along with Kingsbury 
and senior Jodie Robertson. is theteam ' 

offensive leader. "She has really ma-
tured and stepped fOfWard to become a 
leader this Ye:J.I," McManus said. 

1l1e loss was the third game in five 
days for the weary Tritons. and it came 
only two days after a rough game with 
Division n Cal Stale San Bernardino. 
UCSD scored with only 30 seconds left 
10 earn a tie with the CoYOles. 

McManus believes his team hadn't 
had enough time to fully recover from 
the battle in San Bernardino. "We al-
ways playa tough schedule." he ex-
plained. "I guess that's my fault, bulan 
easy schedule doesn't do us any good." 

Dan McDoweIi/ Gu.wti'an 
Katy DuIock steps out of the way as cal LutherIn's CatIa Crawford takes out her own __ Ie. 

We paid a million 
dollars for the 
answers to this 
year's LSAr, GRE, 
GMAT and MeAT. 

We spend over a million dollar, each yem re,earch· 
ing tests. updating cOllrse 
ma teri als, training teachers and 
c alu3ting students, 0 wonder 
no other company gU'lral1lee~ 
Ihe score improvement ' we do, 
Call now to make ollr invest-
ment payoff for you. 

I) () \ 1 \\ \ IT I \ TIL (; H \ I H \T I., \ 
TO BE(;' \ ,"01 H C \In:EH: 
INTERNSHIPS IN WASHINGTON D.C. AND NEW YORK 

THE A.S.INTERNSHIP OmCE PRESENTS 

NATIONAL INFO NIGHT 
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14TH, 7-8 PM 

PRICE CENTER, GALLERY A 
THE 
PRINCET 
REVIEW 

The Answe, To 
St.ndllrdized Tests. 

Find out about Internships .l~allable in your field of study 

• Cable News Network • Rolling Stone 
• Central Intelligence Agency • Smithsonian Institution 
• Embassy of Japan • Supreme Court 

• United Nations 

(6f9} 695·9952 
• Psychiatric Institute of 

Washington, D.C 
FOR tlORE INFO, CONTACT ASIO AT 5344689 OR VISIT Ol:R OfTIC[ .\1 

TIlE PRICE CENTER. 3RD I·Loon. ROOM 3.303 

Monday, October 12,1992 

Dan McDoweil/Guanfan 
Julie Harvey and UCSD couldn't handle Cal State Bakersfield, 

Deadheads Fall in V-Ball 
By Grea Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Even with 
their Dead-
head Special 
unifOlTlls, the 
U C S D 
women's vol-
leyball learn 
couldn'lover-

come Division II Cal Safe Baktn-
fieldSaturdaynight, the Tritons' third· 
annual tie-dye festival, 

The Roadrunners, 124 on the 
season, needed four games to put 

away UCSD, thenurnbernine tearn in 
Division ill. 

Baktnfield, the r afth ranked team 
in Di vision n, proved to be too tough 
an oPPonent for the YOWlg UCSD 
learn as the Roadrunners look an early 
lead in the malCh by stealing game one 
15-10. 

UCSD 10 15 9 12 

CSUB 15 6 15 15 

The Tritons fought back: in the 
second set, pinning back 

Bak~fie~tomkethegrune 
15-6. But the Roadrunners 
bounced back: in the third, 
15-9. 

UCSD kept the fourth 
game tight at the end, press-
ing Bakersfield, but the Roa-
drunners were able to fight 
off the challenge to mke the 
game, and the match, I S-t 2. 

Laura Kranz led the Tri-
tons with t 2 kills, as the learn 
slipped to 6-11 on the season. 

I ~~~~~~~ ____ J IoUeen Jeffrey had 13 kills 
1.: for Cal State Bakersfield 

Dan McDowetI/GuwQ'an UCSDhosrsCai State Los 
lain Kranz had 12 kills, Angeles. Wednesday at7 p,m. 

The UC D Guardian 

POLO: UCSD 
ends a two-game 
skid by destroying 
Loyola 
ContInued from page 14 
about the match except: the quiet, sub-
dued crowd of about 100 spectators. 
'"The crowd was dead, If they're not 
going to scream for UCSD. they just 
shouldn't come," Harper said. 

"Wehave a home match on HalIow-
een night against Long Beach State. and 
we need the crowd to get behind us. 
We've never beaten Long Beach Stale, 
but iflhese people gel crazy, ilwill make 
a cliff erence," Halper added. 

Assistanl coach Tom Martinez ech-
oed Harper' s statements. ''Other teams 
don't I ike tocome here, Under the lights. 
with a noisy crowd: it makes a four-goal 
difference ... 

UCSD'snextmatchis thisFridayon 
the road against the high-powered 
Pepperdine Waves. Harper noted that 
the Waves don't take the Trilons seri-
ously. '"They alway take a win against 
us for granted. That's a mistake. An 
upset win against them is not beyondthe 
realm of possibility," Harper said. 

PUNDITS: 
Perot scores flfSt 
round decision 
ContInued from paCe 16 
Candidates who are leading with only a 
few weeks left in the campaign are "in 
the homestretch." And third-party can-
didates with little chance of victory are 
"Iongshots," 

Football is not forgotten. "Bush is 
facing fourth-and-Iong, It's going to 
mkea Hail Mruylo win," i a phrase I've 
heard already, 

Sometimes, a candidate can "slam 
dW1lc" another candidate on an issue. 

Track and fle~ cannOl escape the 
black hole of television's political cov-
erage. "Bushhasafewhwdlestoclear," 
Auto racing, 1.00: "Quayle's ploy back-
fired." 

Baseball, the national pastime, is 
oneofthe1V political eKpert's favorite 
sports, "Perot. really hit a home run on 
thedeficit issue" (he made a good point); 
"Bush is a good-field, no-hit president" 
(he's an average leader); "Clinton 
couldn'l gel to first base with all of his 
supporters" (self.explanatory), 

Maybe the 1V pundit~ and the can-
didates are best described with a hock:ey 
metaphor, For unsportsmanlike con· 
duct. do us all a favor and spend a few 
minutes in the penalty box, 

HEIJI WANTED 
... uu.. ..... _ ....... 

• ...... Claulftedl 
Upstairs In the Student Cent~ BuI~ A. 

HALF PRICE STUDENT RUSH AT ALL PERFORMANCES! 
FutureFest 

Two new plays performed in repertory through October 18 

by Elizabeth Egloff 
Directed by Lisa Peterson 
Who says a good man is hard 10 find? Elizabeth Egloff's The Swan presents 
a new twist on on age·old problem in thi, modern day foiry tole of "girl 
meets swan: 

by Jose Rivera 
Directed by TIna Landau 
It', 0 jungle out there. ond for Moriwl Perez. th ings in New York are about 
to get wane. Alter losing her guardian angel. Morisol trovels on uncharted. 
sometimes dongero~a. and often outrageous rood in urbon America , 

Half price student rush tickets available at all performances to full-time 
students presenting valid student 10. Rush tickets go on sale one hour 
prior to curtain and must be purchased in persan at the bo)( office. 
Limit: Iwo rush tickets per valid student 10, 

FOIl MOIII INFOIMAIION: (619' 534·3960 

~nU~'nN(. (~O, 
Ue5D 
"IGH' 
Wedne5day 

Night5 _ 

$' k~'J C'" 
PILSNIRS 

,\O~ ~o ~"'.~"'l""\­~·:,...,..~fr, .. 
L..;;..---.... ·*The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21 /w student 10 

7536 FAY AVE. ~ CALL 456·BREW 

CONTACT LENSES 
1 HOUR SERVICE (IN MOST CASES) 

- SOFT DAILY WEAR -, r son EXTENDED WEAR 
$89 COMPLETE* : : $1 09 COMPLETE* 

L With coul)on only. Exptres 10/ r~N~ 
--------NO EXTRA ' ComplNe packa~e Includes eye exam, fltllnR, lollow-up, carr 

CHARGES' kit , I palrot sott lenses tor nearslRhtedness (Call tor brands at • these price.), 

DI~PO~~~A!!E $169 COMPLETE 
Complete package Includes eye exam, lilting, 

loIiOW-Utl, :Hnonth suppty 01 contacts (Acuvu~ or Nuvue) 

~!o~~~ !!!~ $249 COMPLET~ 
Comptele package Includes eye exam, filling, 

lollow-up, I·year supply 01 contacts (B & l Medalist) 

UTC 
MIRAMAR I 

578·6796 

LA MESA 
EL CAJON 

668-4536 

ESCONDIDO 
SAN MARCOS 

432·6331 
6780 Miramar Rd , 

2 lIli , east of 805 
(behind Carr, Jr,) 

2860 Fletcher Parkway 1320-0 E, Valley Pkwy, 
I Corner of Fletcher & Navajo I I mi. east of Palomar Hospital 

(Vons/Marshall's Center) (Trafalger Square) 
5 min, Irom UCSD 

Optometrists: Dr. Bruce FRIMTZIS and Dr. Donald LEAKE 

YOU CAN EAR N $ 35 

If you are an 
undergraduate 
student planning a 
career in teaching, 
you can earn $35 
for answering 
some basic skills 
questions on 
computer. 

The 4-hour research sessions are being held 
at: 

Sylvan Learning Center 
565 Pearl Street, Suite 225 

La Jolla, CA 92037 

If you are interested, call (619) 454-4384 



" 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Euphoria B8S, Brand NEWI 1200 and 
2400 bauds, W.x:at , FREE, onine Soli· 
ware 556-7104, 24 tn. (10/1-10122) 

Phi Alpha Delta Pre· Law , co·ed Irater· 
nity . lnfonight:Tuesdav,Oct. 13, 7p.m. 
Warren 2005. (10/5-10/12) 

Come to our Mexican Fiesta, Monday, 
Oct. 12, 7 p.m. at the International Cen· 
ter featuring buffet dinner, mariachi 
band, pillata, music and dance and 
more. (10/5-10/12) 
SKYDIVE TODAYI with Skydiving AD· 
VENTURES, lnc. $20 studenl discount. 
800-526-9682. (10/5-1213) 

BMES - Biomedical Engineering So-
ciety - firsl meeting at EBU 5101 , 
Tuesday, Oct, 13, 5p.m. Refreshments 
included. (10/12) 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
Falrmau's ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................... 488-1134 

UCSD EATS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Cafe Zero ..................... 457-4365 
Mr. Ts Cafe ................. 755-7642 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453-0286 

Se~or Pesca ................ 457 -0597 
UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Aulo ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Aulo ............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ....................... 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR,. BEAUTY 
Salon Hairisma ............. 271 -1810 
We Care Hair ............... 587 ·CUTI 
Young Atlitudes ............ 457 -3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH ,. FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ...................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............ 535· t379 
Trim & Tan ................... . 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C .558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS. 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ........ . 477-4945 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452-7374 
Eyes 01 La Jolla .............. 597-2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSD MUSIC,. VIDEO 
Audiofile ....................... 459-FILE 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 452-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD TESTING 
Hypertearnlng ............... 455-1000 
MCA T Review ............. . 456-4848 
Pnnceton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452-BREW 
Old Columbia Brewery . 234-BREW 
Del Mar Stull Pizza ...... 481 -STUFT 
Torrey's .. ...................... 587-1414 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
MD labs ....................... 226-1733 
Kinkos .......................... 457-3775 
Name 01 the Game IComlcs) 272-GAME 
St. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1 007 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. PaymefU in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 pm. Monday for Thursday's issue. 1be Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-54 J 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilman Drive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093'{)316. Actual address: Student Center A, topJloor. 

Get paid for doing your problem sets! 
Students of Physics 1 A and 2A are 
needed as subjects for an investigation 
of physics probtem solving. Pay is $10 
tor a maximum ot two hours work. Con· 
tact : John Batali , Cognitive Science 
Department 0515, 534-7308. (10/12-
10115) 

Daniels Cablevlslon, Del Mar TV 38 is 
currendy accepting resumes tor Winterl 
Spring interns 10 produce, write, shoot and 
edi11oca1 news stories and PSAs. Other 
duties include rnarl<eting, public relations 
and administration. ConIaCl AlP or ASIO 
or send cover letter and resume 10: Lynn 
Yuen, Daniels Cablevision, 240 TenthSt. , 
Del Mar, CA 92014. Nophonecallsplease. 
(10112) 

VOLUNTEER at A.S. Internship Officel 
Gain interpersonal skills, make busi· 
ness contacts, learn about resume and 
interview process. Volunteers need only 
con tribute 3 hrs.IWk. 3rd floor, Price 
Center, Room 3.303. 534-4689. (101 
12-10/15) 

Peter Navarro speaks on local economic 
issues. Oct. 13 6:30 p.m. PH 108. Sp0n-
sored by Alpha Kappa Psi. (10112) 

Rush ~ Kappa Psi, co-ed professiJnal 
business tratsrnty no. me llusday, Oct 
IS, 7 p.m. Solis 104. (10112-1011 5) 

Does Ross Perot have a mistress too? 
learn the answer at the DC Internship 
Forum. Friday, Oct. 16,3-4:30, Career 
Services Center. (10/12) 

INVEST in the GLOBAL FOREIGN 
CURRENCY MARKETI Exceptional 
HIGH YiElD RETURNS. Call Chris 1-
800-800-1314. (10/12-10/15) 

COME AND SEE! K you are seeking ... a 
deeper relationship with God ... a sense of 
belonging in a faith community, a greater 
fulfillment of your mission in life, consider 
becoming part of the CATHOLIC FAITH 
COMMUNITY through the RCIA ( R~e of 
Christian Initiation of Adults). TheCA THO-
L1C COMMUNITY al UCSD is now ac· 
cepting inquirers. Call Lynn Neu, 452-
1957. (10112) 

PITCHERS! 
Killian's Red & Coors Light 

DAILY SPECIALS 

STUDYIWORK ABROAD Inlo Ses· 
sionsl Thursday, Oct . 15 at the INTER· 
NATIONAL CENTER. JAPAN EAP and 
OAP programs 1 :30 p.m. Unillersity of 
SI. Andrews, Scotland, 3 p.m. (10112) 

EMPLOYMENT 
LAW CLERK/SECRETARY - Good 
typing skills : detail oriented ; flexible; 
Kearny Mesa; $5.25/hour 560-8405. 
(9121-10119) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN· 
SHIPS. Mosl positions filled by Nov. 
Gain lIal. expo managing 6-8 employ· 
ees, customers, and suppliers. Avg. 
earnings 6-16,000+. Call "University 
Painting Pros. " Info/appl. Call 800-525-
5877. (9121-1213) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPlOYMENT-
fisheries. Earn $600+t.Neek in canneries 
or $4 ,()()(H./month on fishing boalS. Free 
transportation I Room & boardl Male or 
Female. For employment program call 
1-206-545-4155 ext. A5976. (9121 -101 
19) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
posilions. Great benefits. Call (800) 338-
3388. Ext. P-3387. (9121-10119) 

EARN $1.500 WEEKLY mailing our 
ci rculars !. .. Begin NOW!. .. FREE 
packet! SEYS, Dept. 19, Box 400, 
Cordova, TN 38018-4000. (9121 -1112) 

Earn $500-$1000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. Fordetails- RUSH$l with 
SASE to: GROUP FIVE, 57 Greenlree 
Drive, Suite 307, Dover, DE 19901 . (1 01 
8-11119) 

WENDY'S- PRICE CENTER: Part·time 
positions available ... Rexible scheduting 
$5Ihr. starting plus meals. K ymberteigh or 
Eric, 450-9425. (10112-10/15) 

Ambitious Achievers . Busy, fast· 
growing office needs 3 people 
immediately. Professional appearance 
a must. Excellent income and benefits. 
Complele training available. Appl. 457-
2980. (10/12-10/1 5) 

TUESDAY Spaghetti Marinara, garlic bread. 
Italian sausage or meatball 

WEDNESDAY 3 piece chicken (BSg or friedl , 
cole slaw & fries , biscuit & honey 

THURSDAY Beefback rib (12'02.). baked beans 
& fries 

FRIDAY Chicken enchilada, refried beans. rice 
& tortillas 

SATURDAY 8-oz. choice steak (plain or 
peppered) . baked potato. steamed vegetable 

Mr.T's Cafe 271 No. Hwy 101 755 7642 
(l block north of wmas Santa Fe) • 

Responsi)Ie student wanted. After school 
childcare. $6Ihr. Haveown transpoclation. 
Great kids I 457-8357. (10112) 

prr·Frr. FED UP? Ifyou're an intelligent, 
motivated individual and your time and 
$ are shrinking commodilies and you're 
looking for a change, call now. No phone 
Interviews. 625-8360 (10/12) 

PAID MANAGEMENT INTERNSHtP. 
Ga in marketing , sales, customer 
service, production , accounling and 
human relations experience from the 
largest corporation in the induslry with 
the longest prollen track record . We 
guarantee $2 ,500 in compensation with 
vast opportunity for more. Call Student 
Works Painting (formerly Student 
Painters) . 1-800-394-6000. Limited 
posl1ions available. (10/12-2/8193) 

GREEKS & CLUBS raise 8 cool $1 000 
in just one week. Plus $1000 for the 
member who calls I And a free 
headphone radio just for calling 1-800-
932-0528, Ext. 65. (10/12) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3788 Elliott St. Student 
discounts. 226-1962. (9121 -1213) 

Word ProcessinglTyping: Academic 
manuscripts, papers, theses, books , 
letters. Accurale/Fastservice. Mary Ann 
452-9439. (9121 -10/19) 

Grants, loans, Scholarships. We can 
find financial aid for ellery student reo 
gardless of grade point allerage or fam· 
ily income. Guaranteed. Call toll free 1-
800-475·2288 ext. 1519. (9/21-10/29) 

VlOlinNlOIa lessons. You oryourchild(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, profes· 
sional teacher. Now accepting students 
- all ages and leVels welcome! Call 
CorYad: 466-0525. (9/21-1213) 

QUALITY BARBERINGIILa Jolla Bar-
ber Shop, Quality Barber, Hair Cuts 
$8.00. 7760 Faye Ave 'Suite F, 459-
5792. (9121-10126) 

Monclay, Octobcr 12, 1992 

ON·CAMPUS TUTOR living in Muir 
dorms 24 hour service for freshmen 
daases. Call 558-8728. (9128-1115) 

PIANO LESSONS from patient, eqleri-
anced, local teacher. Classical, popu. 
lar, all levels Welcome. Joan Kurland . 
457-8065. (9128-10122) 

ATIENTIONI Unique opportunity 10 
learn Russian from a native Russian· 
speaking teacher. Privaleiessons. 296-
5968. (10/HOII2) 

GERMAN TUTORING ALL LEVELS. 
Attentive, diverse, funl Ruf mal an: 436-
8214 pmleve hours. (10/5-10112) 

ATIORNEY. DUI , Landlord·Tenant, 
DiscriminationiHarassment, Immigra·' 
tion or Consumer Problems? AFFORD· ' 
ABLE STUDENT RATES, 450-6803. 
(10/8-11/9) 

Writing tutor. Revelle graduale , experi-, 
enced. All subjects, levels , styles. Call 
298-7067 evenings or leave message.i 
(1 0112-1011 5) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 while you wait . 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germain's 
452-9949. (10/12·12/3) 

CLAR INET/ SAXOPHONE/FLUTE 
LESSONS, All agesllevels welcome. 
Over 10 years teaching experience. 
Call 698-2232. (10/12-10122) 

RESUMESIWORD PROCESSING : 
Professionally edited, laser typeset. 
Resume includes free Interview Prepa· 
ration Guide. PagesPlus 452-1240. 

EMPLOYMENT 
NEED CASH? WE DELIVER I Domino's 
Pizza, the world's largest pizza delivery 
company, is NOW HIRING for all posi· 
tions . Management opportunities avail· 
able. Complete training program. If you 
are 18 years old, have a lIalid driver's 
license, automobile insurance, an ex· 
cellent driving record and access to a 
car, you can: earn up to $10 an hour 
(total comp); Enjoy the freedom of be· 
ing on the road; Work flexible hours; Be 
a part of the excitement of the world's 
fastest-growing pizza delivery company. 
Apply today I Domino's Pizza UCSD, 
3211 Holiday Court, 452-UCSD. Please 
apply after 11 a.m. (9128-10/12) 

VOLUNTEER! Improve the quality of 
life for children at risk of abuse and 
neglect. Caring individuals needed for 
Home Start's Family Aide Program now. 
Contact Fiona Mackin-Jha, 692-0727. 
(10/8-10/12) 

UCSD MEDICAL CENTER needs 
healthy volunteers between the ages 
of 18 and 65 for a two hour study of 
eye blinking. A $1 0 compensation plus 
parking will be provided. Call Deb at 
543-2314 for more information. (101 
12) 

Monday, O('loLH'r 12. 1992 

VW Bug, or other student car, needed 
for approximalely $700. Private sale 
only. 279-0479. (10/12) 

VOCALIST WANTED for original band. 
Mu91 be diverse, creative and open· 
minded. Equipment a plus. Lee, 625-
0801. (10/12) 

Wanted : Drummer, singer, bassist to 
form serious band. Influences U2, Pink 
Floyd , U.H. Must be creative & profi· 
cient. Call Luke. 558-2007. (10/12) 

WANTED: Women 18-30 years with 
10nglirregu lar menstrual cycles (not long 
bteeding). Good records a must. Will 
pay $200. Call 534-6555 - UCSD 
School of Medicine. (10112) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks , boats. 4wheel-
ers, motorhomes, by FBI , IRS , DEA. 
Available your area now. Call 800-338-
3388 Ext. C-7556. (9/21 -10/19) 

Futon + Frame $95. Unused full and 
queen mattset$75. Twinset$65. Bunk· 
bed complele $125. Sofa + love shilin 
the bag $250. Can deliller. 576-8244 
(9/21 -10/15) 

Guitars, 2 acoustic steel strings , per-
fect condition, new strings. Still in box . 
586-7928. (9128-10122) 

1986 Honda Elite 150, Iow miles,looksl 
runs good. $950Ibest,490-11 47. (10/1-
10/19) 

GO OFF ROADINGI '87 Ford Bronco II. 
Eddie Bauer edition. 4WD. Steal with 
$7,300. 529-3161. (10/H O/12) 

IBM XT·Turbo, full system, including 
loaded Hard Drive, monitor, keyboard 
and printer. $395. 481-6411. (10/5-101 
15) 

PINARELLO TREVISO - ALL DURA· 
ACE, 59 cm, extra wheels , computer, 
must see! $900/0bo. 558-9365. (1015 
10119) 

'80 FORD MUSTANG, white, AlC , runs 
well , $2,000 obo. 551 -0113. (10/5-101 
12) 

BMW, 325E, 1985, fully loaded , 5-
speed, w/sunroof, car phone. 88,000 
miles excellent condilion, best offer. 
453-1255. (10/5-10/15) 

ARE YOU PLANNING TO BUY OR 
SELL A CAR? I can help you avoid the 
hassle and frustration. Save your time 
and money. Call Marc for a free consul· 
tation. 558-2575. (1 0/5-10/22) 

TWO MOTORCYCLES FOR SAlE: '82 
Yamaha Virago 920 - Looks great, runs 
even better $1150, 78 Honda Hawk -
immaculate, a customized coUectibie bike 
for only $1 050. Call and make offer. Park· 
ing permijs are a third of the cost and 
parking spaces right next to your dass· 
rooms. Todd 598-0579. (1015-10112) 

Guitars, 2 acoustic steel strings, per· 
fect condition . New strings . Still in box. 
$75 and $100. 586-7928. (10/5-10/22 ) 

'81 Peugeot diesel sedan, slideroof, 38 
mileslgallon, great condition . Best offer 
459-7497. (10/8,10115) 

Confidence Is just 
A Phone Call Away, ., 

Mountain bike - Brand new. Good 
basic transportalion $150 obo call 558-
2386, ask for Alvin. (10/8-10/12) 

SMITH CORONA word processor, 
XLNT condition, large screen , all sup· 
plies included , $200 obo 558-1526. (1 01 
8-10/15) 

1984 VESPA P200E Moped. $600 obo. 
Call Ned Baumer 459-7164. (10/8-10/ 
12) 

Mountain bike, Bridgeslone MB2 23' 
Campus bikes hop said "ask $300 .- first 
$250 takes it. 455-9678. (10/8-10/12) 

Sailboard , HIFLYCSSOO, 12' bayboard, 
completely rigged, $250 obo. 455-9678. 
(10/8-10/12) 

2 stereo speakers . liquid cooled, 125W, 
walnut finish , brand new, $300. Call 
459-8625. (10/8-10115) 

PRINTER ·IBM compatible . C· ITOH 
wide-carriage , letter quality, dot malrix. 
$65000. Cathy , 622-9669. (10/8-101 
19) 

286-12 MHz HD, 1MB RAM, 1.2 MB 
FD ,ambermonilor, 101 keyboard ,2HDI 
FD controller, 2 Parl l Ser 10; lots of 
software, $500 Roland 452-2807. (101 
12-10/1 5) 

'86 Saab 900S : Excellent , safe car with 
AlC . stereo, sunroof, extras. $4500 -
625-8355. (10/12-10/15) 

1991 Sony CD pullout, 8x oversampling. 
receipts, case . $230 installed. Call 
Michelle or Jason. 477-9281. (10/12-
10/15) 

Sony Discman, 8x oversampling , mega 
bass. Can be used in home or car. $150 
obo. (10/12-10/15) 

1983 Toyota Tercel: 4 speed, hatch· 
back, silver, good condition, only $11 001 
best . Call Joe, 566-4219. (10/12) 

For salell0·speed Fuji bicycle. Good 
condition, must sell. $50 - Luke 558-
2007 . (10112-10/15) 

Twin mattress, box spring, frame lor 
sale. In good condition. $40 Call 558-
0297. Leave message. (10112) 

Surfboard for sale: Suelio6'1 0" rounded 
pin Ihruster. Brand new - never used. 
Perlect for Blacks on those slightly big· 
ger days. $225, Charlie. 755-1383. (101 
12-10115) 

Macintosh Powerbook with external 
floppy superdrille . Word 5.0 New w123 
mo. warranty. Pete 299-5263. 925. (101 
12-10/19) 

MACINTOSH PLUS. 20MB external 
hard drive. Modem included. Software. 
Excellent condition. $600. Susana 558-
7927 evenings. (10/12-10/26) 

TREK 460: Men 's road racing bike . Trip 
computer. $500 new . Sale $150. 587-
8255. JON. (10/12) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: Prescription glasses in case at 
the Guardianollice . Probably female . 
534-3466. (10/8,10/12) 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
WWCOST 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
O,,,,,,lidIalt T .. / R .. ults) 

PREGNANCY TERMINATION 
((An ..... 1 or LocaJ A" .. /lNsw) 

AFFORDABLE BIRTII CONfROL 
SnJDENf DISCOUNTS 

Insura"a', Visa, MasterCard, 
DlscolJW CArd Welrome 

(619) 535-1379 

The llCSD Gilarclillll 

LOST: Pink notebook in Peterson Hall. 
PLEASE return to police station. (101 
12) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted: Own bedroom & 
bath. Security bldg , underground park· 
ing. wash/dry in apt. , pool,Jacuzzi.large 
weight room, racquetball court. Call Tom 
at 457 -8123. $370/month or leave meso 
sage. (10/1-10129) 

One female wanted 10 share large mas· 
ter BR. Walking distance to campus. 
Call 450-9596. (10/5-10/15) 

ROOMMATES WANTED 2 persons to 
share BR In 2BR, 2BA apt. ,n PaCific 
Beach. Move in : 11 /1/92. $250/mo . 
each. 1 block from beach . Leave meso 
sage: 272-9150. (10/8-10112) 

For renl: ocean view, quiet, great loca· 
tion, large yard, share with fernale. $240 
per month. 755-5146. (1018-10/12) 

Male roommate wanted $300 a month 
+ 1/3 uhlities. Own room above MiSSion 
Bay. Randy, 275-4289 (10/8-10/19) 

Walk to campusl Own room, share bath In 
condo with UCSD family across from 
Mandel Weiss Thealer. Pool, tennis , laun· 
dry, $35Oimo. Includes ublities. Available 
1211192. 455-9678 ( 1018-10119) 

Roommate wanted. Pretty house 10m· 
utes to UCSD. MasterBR, BA. $320 rT'iOt1II"Iy. 
Stephanie, 693-4366. (HYI2-1 (V19) 

UNIVERSITY CITY Male Student. Room 
in 4BR, 3BA beaubful home on comer lot 
near freeways . Also includes rustic Julian 
cabin for getaways. Rent reduced to $200 
for some Grand Mothersittingwhile srudy· 
ing. No down payment: utility charge. Older 
and young bachelor to share house With 
fWeplace, piano, washer, dryer; patios with 
cats and dogs, weights and complete 
privacy. Perfect for the right person. 
George, 453-3106. (10/12) 

PERSONALS 
Up to 60"fo 0111 Smith Corona word 
processors, typewriters, printers, from 
$89. Fred 582-0811 . (10/5-10/12) 

MONEY FOR COLLEGE. Every student 
is eligible for fllmal aid. GUARANTEED 
to find at least seven sources. (6 19) 675-
0807 for free application. Scholarships, 
grants, loans available. (1015-10112) 

Alpha Chi Omega would like to con· 
gratulate their newest members of the 
Iota Nu Chapter. Get psyched for an 
awesome year ahead with a lot of fun 
and sharing in lhe bond. You are all so 
wonderful and we love you all! (10/12) 

ESPECIALLY FOR WOMEN. PRAC· 
TICE SAFER SEX, protect your heal1h 
and your privacy. Condoms by mail for 
the discreet woman , Shipped directly to 
you . 121atex condoms with spermicide 
nbonoxynol-9. Complementary carry· 
ing case included. Send cklmo to : MY 
CHOICE for$1210 4951 -0 Clairemont 
Sq. #1 64, San Diego, CA 92117 or call 
483-1435. (10/12-10/15) 

ICRHA meets Wednesday, 10/14 in the 
Price Center Gallery B, 5 p.m. (10/12) 

CL,\SSIFIEDS U 

U.C.S.D. 
STUDENTS 

"NAME OF THE GAME" 
-toos GOVERNOR DRIVE 

(I .... . " •.• " ~ "', ' s lind T hrin} ) 
S5S-2666 

l-t19 GARNET AVE. 
272-(;AME 

COl\lIC HOOKS 
S l ll'ER ES • NINTENI)() • (; ENES IS 

SI'()RTS & NON -SI)ORTS (,A RnS 

t ~ \ II~. 1,\ \ (Il ~ (11 II '11 ru-:s HIN Ifor "-lEW RELEASES 

Wf!' nlso 'tfllt SL'PER NES NINTE.VOO GE'VE .'i/S titlf'J 

Coming 900n Japanese Animation Movie Rentals 

Cafe Zero's Got Ice Cream 
That Kicks Hen & Harry's (or whatever Ihey' re ca lled) 

in the Bon Bons! 
ALL NEW PREMIUM CUSTOM ICE CREAMS. Muir Mud Pie 

• Cherry'S Revelle • Death by Chocolate and rnany other; 
PRICE CENTER: M-F 11-9, Sat.·Sun, 11 -5 · 457-4365 

5 0-; OFF Dovltle ScOOp-1.50~ OFF- Doviliescoopl I ' Ice Crea .. Cone I , WaHle Cone I 
()nt,' coupon pcr n.ISCOI'1W'r. ()n(> coupon per (USlOf1'l('r. ~ ~ ~ any <A~ ~ [~PII~OJ~2~ _ ~~~~ll:=.y::r~r..:!II~I~~ -.J 

It's easy, iust come in (no appointment) 
and take the next available stylist 

Includes: Shampoo and 
quality halrcul. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists To 
insure faster serVice, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Oays : M -F-S g-6pm ; T·W -T g -8pm 

\ ......... ----
~.~~-

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457·3334 
8843 la Jolla Village Dr . • La Jolla CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Near Ralphs & Savon) 

IVIEN - VVOIVIEN 

.. 

.. 



The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Crush Lions, 16-4 
MIER POLO: UCSD 
bounces back frool tough 
loss to Irvine with an easy 
win over Loyola 
By Art Root 
AssocIate Sports EdItor 

Somebody 
had to pay. The 
men's water polo 
team. looking to 
end a tw(}-game 
10 ing , treak. 
crushed Loyola 

Marymount. 16-1. in Friday's home 
maLCh at Canyonview pool. 

Head Co.."\Ch Denny Harper said he 
was "fairly pleased" trut the Triton\ put 
away the Li ns with ease. 

"We e)(pectoo to win thls game big, 
We've already beaten LM tWICe thi\ 
year by huge margins (20-4 and 21-7). 

Anrearers needed all twemy-eight min· 
utes to beat UCSD. 11 -7. Once again, 
Harper had nochlng but high praise for 
h is team' gallant eff on against UC 
Irvine. "We 10M, but the result doesn't 
come close to e)(plaining how well we 
played," Halper said. 

'We played an excellent game for 
three quarters. Then Pablo Yimlr beat 
us on a missed defensive a.'>Sigrunent. 
and the bleeding ~ .. the coach 
said 

Yirzar, an AlI·Ameri an and memo 
ber of the Mexican arional Team, 

The Scoreboard 
UCSO 16 
LOYOLA MARY MOUNT 4 

scant 27 seconds into the malCh. s0pho-
more Mike Nalu put a s/1(l( past LMU 
goalie Aaron Lawson. 

Then seni<X'Gaiy Seelhooil went on 
a scoring rampage, At 4:46 of the fust 
period. Seelhorst buried a 12-fOOl.er into 
the cage for a 2-0 Ie.ad. Twenty-three 
seconds lat.er. See\hoo;t scored on a 
breakaway. He slipped past the LMU 
defense and t k the ball the length of 
the pool, where he deposited !I point. 
blank!Jlcx past theovermarchedLawson. 

With 2: 10 remaining in the opening 
tanza.. the T ritOIb ored again. Senior 

Kevin Vance, wimming with the ball 
on the left flank, fired a ceruering pass to 
Seelhonit SeelhOr.>l tipped the ball into 
tile lOp right comer of the cage. UCSD 
led W. and Seelhor.,t h.'\d alre.1dyeamed 
a hat tnck in the rm.t quarter. 

alu added another gool late in the 
fi rM period. The Tritons dominated tile 
quarter. 5-1. 

Monday, October 12 , 1992 

HI wa., ju'>l happy that we didn't let 
down after anolher huge match." 

UCSDpunishedLoyolaMarymount 
and won handily. even though the Tri 
tOil! had played a difficult. phy,ic.1l 
game the previous evening against UC 
Irvme. In that game. the fi fth·r.mked 

capital iz.ro on a c uplc ofT riton lap-;e. 
at the end of the third period. U DIet 
Yirlaf ore tWO goal!. near the end of 
the period, and the g:Ulle ~Iipped away. 
"ThcywcJ\:n' t J~tcllt; It wa.,am.~ ~ive 
llemorrhage," Ilarpcr :Idded. 

The lICCOnd period was m re of the 
SJlTIc! forUCSD. Junior Richard Romero Dan McDoweIi/Guaro.an 
, lipped 4-fooer pa.\t Law!>On, pushing UCSD's Sean Kinghorn had a lKOI'e against Loyola Friday night. 
the Triton lead to 6- I. After anot.her U D'~ wound .. were fully healed 

by game [Jme Friday nighL for tile Tri· 
t~ sho~ed no ill em)!;!., again't LM . 

UCSD jumped on the Lions early. A 

LMU ..core. till: TritOn> fC>umed the 
at\Jck. alu pid.ed up the hat trid. with 
2:27 left in the half. 

Dan McDoweil/GUM1IM 
UCSD goalie Mk:hael Warren had an easy time with Loyola Marymount as the Tritons ripped the Uons. 

Dan McIloweIi/ GuardrSfl 
ErIk Waldman jukes his way past ttm bewildered CW defender. 

M.SOCCER: 
UCSD stymied in 
i- I tie with CLU 

ContInued from page 16 
On the other end. Salvador sponed 

the move again, beating his man one· 
on-one to make room for a right cross. 
but the ensuing Bradbury shot sailed 
over the crossbar. 

With the Tritons looking to go into 
the locker room with the lead. the de· 
fense made a costly error. King Olen 
forward WillieRuiz found himself wide 
open after a quick give·and· go at the left 
si<kofthe penalty bo)(. Ruiz rolled one 
into tile goal mouth and Johnson was 
there, working through one defender to 
tip the ball by Madden and tie the score. 

"We were really disorganized," ex-
plained defender Brian Sonnichsen. Hr 
had two Olen there and I marked the one 
c1OSCl>1 tome."Unfortunalely, men who 
were upposedly marked were open. 
leaving Madden fending for himself. 

AmISIrong rallied hls team at half-
time, showing some displeasure with 
the starters by sending in OOclrups Jason 
Ripley and Jeff Klein to stan the half, HI 
was reaching forsomeone to try and get 
something going," e)(plained thecoach. 

The Tritons responded with m~ 
aggressive tackling, leading to several 
scuffles. UCSD's opportunities carne 
and went as shots were wide or right at 
the Kingsmengoalie. Angelo Maccano. 

The Tritons (64-2) might haveended 
upon thelosingend ifnotfora pectacu-
lar effoo by Madden. who had four 

Sophomore James Skaalen added to 
thc!>Coringbarragewith 1:39remalning 
in the period. Skaalen blistered a 3(). 
fOOl. fastball into the back of the cage. 
lllCgoalextended UCSD's lead to 8-2 

LMU. inamre counterattack oppor· 
tunity. drove the length of the pool and 
set up for one fmal shot before the 
halftiOle buzzer. Lion junior Dan Flynn 
tried to bealTriton goalieMichael War· 
ren with a idearm shO! to the left 'ide of 
the cage. Wanen swatted thedrive away 
as time expired, prorecting UCSD's 8-
2 \ead 

The Tritons continued to pow- it on 
in the second half. Goals by Vance and 
sophomore Marcello Giulianotti gave 
the T ritoos a nine-goal read less thar 
midway through the thtrd period 

See~ took a Giulianotti feed and 
beat Lawson once again. The goal in· 
creased UCSO' lead to 11-2, and was 
See1horst 's fourth goal of the contest. 

At 3:56 of the period, Warren made 
a spectacular save and threw a sixty· 
fOOl. outlet pass to junior Sean Kinghorn. 
Kinghorn gathered the pass, warn an-

other ten feet, and put a right.handed 
shot past Lawson. 

Seelhorst's fifth goal of the game 
came with 76 seconds remaining in the 
quaner. making the ore 13-2. By the 
end of three quarters, UCSD led 15-3. 

LMU couldn't even stop UCSD's 
goalie from gening off a good hOI on 
goal. With 6:20 remaining in the fourth 
period, Warren lofted a long outlet pass 
the length of the pool towaro the LMU 
goal. Lion goalie Lawson misjudged 
the throw and let the lnll get perilously 
close to the goal mouth. Lawson recov· 
ered quickly and oared the ball, saving 
what would have been an embarrassing 
goal. 

Romero picked up the hat trick with 
3:54 remaining. His goal. following 
teammate Luke Downer·s~ore40sec· 
onds earlier, extended UCSD's com-
manding lead to 16-3. A late Lion goal 
made the final score 16-4. The ninth· 
mnked Tritons improved their record to 
15-2. 

Harper was pleased with everything 
See POLO, Page 11 

Dan McDowell/ Guao'IIfan 
Todd Curran and UCSD couldn' t kick their way past Cal Lutheran. 

saves on the day, after the Kingsmen's 
Ruiz lipped through the left flank and 
fired a hot to the near side. But Mad· 
den, despite leaning the wrong way, 
was able to kick out his right leg to make 
the save. 

Spectacular goaltending saved the 
day for Cal Lutheran as wen, Goalie 
Maccano wenl high and left to rob 
fresIunan Matt Cbiltoo' s rocket from 
the left side with six minutes remaining. 
forcing the game into overtime. 

UCSD midfJeIder Randy Cairns al-
most put the Tritoffi on top two minutes 
into the fll'St overtinle with a knuckling 
rocket from 25 yards out that clanged 
off the cro sbar. Sophomore Nick 
Terlecky had a follow up shO!, but it 

sailed wide to the right 
The Tritons had the majority of the 

chances in both overtime periods, but 
the urgency and intensity the team had 
>hown earlierwa,o;n 't there as they settled 
for the tie. 

' 'You don' t win games by laying 
off," Armstrong Iameoted. "You can 
writedown whateveryou want I haven'l 
found an answer," 

Armstrong hopes to fmd the answer 
today atCSU San Bernardino where the 
Tritons take on the Coyotes before re-
tuming home to face UC Irvine on 
Wednesday, 

A loss or tie in either game will all 
but eliminate UCSD from playoff con· 
tention. 

Mun(III Y, O(·tnlU'r 12. 19')2 

• 

A.S. INFO NIGHT 
Thursday, October 15, 5:00 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 

Price Center, Third Floor 

Get Involved 
with the Associated Students! 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center. Third Floor 
Come and get invol ved! ! 

A.S. POSITIONS A V AILABLE 
APPL Y FOR THE FOLLOWlNG POS ITIONS: 
Student Advocate 
Judicial Board Chair 
Sports Relations Director 
Campus·Wide Comminees - including Campus! 

Community Planning. Affirmative Action, Status 
of Women, Disabled Student Services, Day Care, 
Enrollment Projections, Program Review. 
RIMAC. Student Regulations Review. Academic 
Senate. Full listing available at Ihe A.S. Offices. 

E)( ternal Affai rs 
Finance 
Academic Affairs 
Programming 
Public Relations 
And many more ... 

Pick up applications in the A.S. Offices. 
Third Floor Price Center, or call 534-4450 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION FUNDING 
Cultural Programming Finance Board (CPFB) 
Applications slill available from the A.S. Recep· 

tionist, Price Center. Third Floor, 

Student Organization Funding Taskforce 
Meetings Mondays at 3:00 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Floor 

Winter Quarter Student Org, Program Reque ts 
Due October 30 

ALPHA KAPPA PSI 
Co·ed Professional Business Fraternity 
1992 Fall Rush Information Night 
Monday, October 12. 7:00 pm in 
Solfs Hall 104 

San Diego mayoral candidate Peter Navarro 
will speak on San Diego's economic issues, 
Tuesday. October 13, 6:30pm in 
Peterson Hall 108 

CIRCLE K INTERNATIONAL 
Meetings are Mondays at 7 pm in 
Peterson Hall 108 

Penguin 's Night 
Monday. October 12. after the meeting 
For more information. call Vino. 581 -1224 or 

Jennifer, 458-1640 

A.S. NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated Students 
of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in A.S . 
NEWSFLASHES. pick up a fonn outside the A.S. Secretary's 
door. 3rd floor Price Center. Deadline is every Wednesday at 
noon. Advcnisements are subject to space availability 

The UCSO Guunliull 

CAL-ANIMAGE 
Showing of Japanese Animation featuring "Laputu" 

and "Maison Ikkoku # .. subtit led in English. 
Tuesday, October 13.7:30 pm 
Solfs Hall 107 
For more information. call 587-4890 

ENVIRONMENT AL FORUM '92 
Q & A Session with San Diego mayoral c:lI1didatcs 

Peter avarro and Susan Goldin g 
Thursday. October 15 , 6 - 8 pill in 
Pri e Center Ball room 
Sponsored by TIle Student En viron mental Action 

Coalition (SEAC) 
For more informacion. call 53-1 -7909 

INTERNATIONAL C LUB 
Raza Awareness Cu lt ure Night 
Monday. October 12. 7 pill at the 
International Center 
Food. art display, dancers. and ' pea \... ers 

MUSLIM STUDENT A SO IATION 
Salat'ul Juma 
Fridays at 12:30 pm at the Price Cenlcr 
For more information. call a/i~h al 457-4621 

QUr'anic Studies 
Fridays at 6:00 pm at the Price Center 
For more information, call Na7ish at 457-4621 

PALESTINE SOLIDARITY COMMITTEE 
Present Roben Polhill . fonner Beirut hostage 

speaking on the Middle East peace process. 
Friday, October 16. 4:00 pm 
Price Center. Davis·Riverside Room 

TRITON YEARBOOK 
Join the 1992 - 93 Yearbook Staff 
First meeting Thursday. October 15. 4:30 pm in 
Price Center, Gallery A 
No e)( perience required, 
For more information. call 534-749 1. 

UCSD MARTIAL ARTS COUNC IL 
Tenth Annual Manial Arts Fe 'tiva l 
Saturday. October 17, 6 - 10 pm 
Main Gym 

UNION OF JEWISH STUDENTS (UJS) 
UJS Haudalah in the Sukkah 
Saturday, October 17, 6 pm 
In the Sukkah on the Hump 
For more information. call 534-6244 

UJS Simhat Torah Celebration 
Monday. October 19, 7:30 pm at the 
International Center 
For more information, call 534-6244 

A.S. Film Series 
Presents "White Men Can' t Jump" 
Thu rsday, October 15 
6:30, 9:00, 11 :00 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $2. Free Popcorn ! 

TGIF 
With "Standing Hawthorne" 
Friday, October 23. 4:30 pm 
Price Center Plaza 
FREE! 

IS NOW 
HIRING! 
3 Positiollll Available 

Apply at l/at Ctmtr 
Service. Cellter Tuaday, 

Oc~r 13 - Wt6l1ttday 
Oclolnr 14 ONLY! 

CWD Political Film Series Presents 

The Ii 1111 ..: hl'Ol1 ides 
the adven tures of 
t \\ () Northern 
ChI! cllile Intlian 1>. 
Buddy Red Bow. 
a n ; l!.!t! rc~~I\'c 
JO I iii e;" ;H: ti vi~ t . 
lid Philhl.' rt Bllno. 

Journey agaill~t 
time. rUlllbl il1\1 

t\lward~ Sant:lrc. 
l:W Ml:/( i,o down 

a ~\:I! ni (; int cr~ t a tc 

• 
/' 

15 

nid, lIalllco "Pow Wow Highwa) ," Wh ilc on the trip. 
both learn a Icsl>on ahout frielllh hip and their cultural 
hcri ta!!e. Directo r: Jl1nathd n Wac"': 9 I min ; 1988. 
Inez Hernandez. pr(1 rcs~or o f Naliy.: Amcrican 
Studies at UC Dav is, will b.: the g u e~ t spca!"cr. 

UNiversity EVlnts Dffic. i ASUCSD Programming 
prasent 0' 
\.,,,E ~1 UCS . 

• , 

• 
• 

~_@~[ti5~ 
. OCTOBER 13 • TUESDAY • 8PM 

PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
\ICSI n St5lMk u . Sl1ift .. Ucilll SII..,..,-.. 

' ..... lIW .... ' ..... 1 ~~ 
1CSI •• Iffic:. 5,. .... ' -~,,;r~~'T.~-· 

Pre-med students and tudents interested in 
healpcare: Ihere are many volunleer opportunities 
available at hospitals and clinics, Check out the 
Health Services Volunteer Fair later this October. 

II' s coming .. . Active Student. for Kids (A.S.K.) 
is gearing up for Winter Quarter and we need you 
to make a difference in a child 's life! Check the 
Vo lullleer Flashes for an upcoming information 
session or stop by the Volunteer Connection office 
and pick up a brochure. 

Interested in volunteering with a San Diego 
organization? Come by the Volunteer Connection 
and let us help you out and connect you with an 
agency that is right for you. Our office is on the 
third floor of the Price Center in Rm 3.302. 

For more information. call 534-141 4. 



., 

AlU 

lIT 
A Presidential 
Slugfest 

America's favorite spectator port 
on Sunday wasn't football. It wasn't 
baseball, either. It was "Steel Cage 
Wrestling" brought to you on a111hree 
major networks. 

"You're looking live at Washing-
ton University in SI. Louis, Missouri! 
I'm Brent Musburger with you 
tonight at ringside. Here' ring 
announcer Michael Buffer with 
tonight' introductions: 

"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome 
to Wresllemania 1992. In the white 
c mer, tanding four-fOOl- Lx and 
weighing an even 98 poun<:b, corning 
01T a three-month relirement. In-tro-
ducing "Bo:,s" ... RCl>S ... Perot! 

"In the red comer, weighing in at 
273 pounds, he's the current Arkaru.as 

~tate champion and the defending 
Dcmocr.uic party title-h lder! He's 
the one ... the only ... Sli k Willie! 

"And in the blue comer, !.landing 
~ix-fOOl-lWO, this wrestl r i!, the 
defending champion. He learned with 
the Gipper to KO Jimmy in 19 0; he 
went toe-to-loe with Ferr.tro in 1984, 
and he beat Pat Bu ha.n.m fifty 

~traight tiroo,! He's best known for 
his unanimous decision over Saddam 
Hussein ... He's Gorgeou!> George!" 

Musburger's call: "Round one 
ed like the Hearns-Hagler mat h. 

It Wa!> a bloodbath! Perot put Bush in 
a hammer-I k over the defi it. Bush 
delivered a flying drop kick to linton 
over the draft. linlon came IT the 
ropes 10 bodY-l>lmn Bush n lhe 
ceon my:' 

Why ~n '( Howard Co~1I or 
B b Co .. ta.~ cover politi for the 
net\'torks? The reporters u.-.e !>O many 
spoil.' c lIoquiaii ms and cli hes 
anyway, why not leave it to tllC 
e pens? 

Tonight's evening new:, will 
~und like ESPN Sportscenter or 

A network'!> ''Tuesday ight 
Fights:' Simply 'ubstitute the words 
"Bu!>h." "Ointon" or "Perot" where a 
fighter's name belongs. It g 
. mcthing like thi : 

"Bu h continued to jab at Clinlon. 
Clinton countered with a barrage lhat 

~tunned Bu h. The momentum 
!>hifted as Clinton continued to 
cormect Bush is really on the ropes. 
Trailing badly, Bush will need to 
surprise Clinlon with a one-punch 
knockout to win thi election. Sam 
Donaldson, ABC News, the White 
House." 

Doesn't that sound like: 
"C.'\I11ocho continued to jab at 
Chavez. Chavez countered with a 
barrage that tunned Camacho. The 
momentum hifted as Chavez 
conlinued to connect. Camacho i 
really on the rope Trailing badly, 
Dma ho will need 10 surprise 
Chavez with a one-punch len koutto 
win this fight. Al Bemslein, ESPN, 
Las Vegas." 

Television ' political pundits also 
like horseracing. Tight races are elec-
tions that are going "down 10 the wire." 

See PUNDITS, Page 11 

The UC 0 Guardian Monday, October 12, 1992 

Dan McDowell! GU8fl1Ian 
Surrounded by Cal Lutheran defenders, Ser&1o SaIvadof tries to head the ball In, one of several scoring opportunities Salvador created, 

UCSD Can't Find The Win 
MEN'S SOCCER: In a must-win 
ituation, Tritons tie Division ill fre 

Cal Lutheran 1-1 as playoff hopes 
groW dim 
By MuraU Moorthy 
Guardian Reporter 

~ ..• ~L.'" 
The winner play hard. The 
winnercan:,hift into fifth gear 
when called upon to do so. 
The winner can get the big 
play when needed. The win-
ner gets lucky. Obviously, the 
winner finds a way to win. 

That' exactly what the 
UCSDmen's cer team didll ' fdo last Friday, as they 
could only muster a I-I rieagainstDivision ill rival Cal 
Lutheran in a game that was a must-win. "You've got 
to rise up and produce in the big game:.," said Head 
Coach Derek Annslf(mg. "We juS! didn'l do it." 

The tie does not eliminate the T rilons from playoff 
contenlion, but as the coach put iI, '\ve're inching 
closer 10 the precipice:' 

Arm Irong had the tearn pumped up and playing 
with intensity in the opening minutes of the game. 
Junior Sergio Salvador found forward Todd Curran on 
the left ide but Curran' hard volley was deflected out. 
A minute later, Salvador was bock. blowing away a 
Kingsmen defender one-on-one 10 gel off a right cross 
but no one was home and the threat was pushed aside. 

The momentum quickly hifted however, as Cal 
Lutheran pushed UCSD back on thedefensive with the 
Trilons unable to set up any type of offense. But goalie 
Mi hael Madden and the defense held strong, cuning 
off shot angles and continually c lcaring out loose ball . 

At 30:25 into the half, the Triton offense finally 
struck. Jarret Stevenson curved a comer kick into the 
right side of the goalie box and senior midfielder Brian 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
BrIan Bradbury scored UCSO'. 1081 FrIday. 
Bradbury, who already has three goal this ~.ason. 
was there 10 head the ball into the near side from three 
yards out. grabbing a I~ lead and giving the 250 
pectalors in anendance something to cheer about. 

The rest of the half saw opportwtities lost for both 
teams. Cal ================== 
Lutheran·s Norwe- The Scoreboard 
gian product Tho-
mas Johnson juked 
weeper Mike Yen 

UCSD 1 
CAL LUTHERAN 1 

on the right ide ================== 
opening up a clear hot on goal. But Triton freshman 
Ken Bums hustled back to help, deflecting Johnson' 
hot out of boWlds. 

See M. SOCCER, Page 14 

DIe Week 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
MEN'S WAlER POLO: The 
Tritons lost a close game to UC 
Irvine before coming back and 
destroying Loyola MarymOlUlt 

Friday night ",14 

wo.N'S soccat UCSD 
uffered its first Division ill 
setback, a 2-0 loss to Cal 

Lutheran. ,...10 

Jason Ritchie/ GuatQ'an 
UCSO'. Amanda Johnson 

The Headline Matchup: Women's volleyball vs. Cal State Los Angeles, Wednesday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. 
Other Games: Women's soccer at Cal Baptist. today. Men's soccer at Cal State San Bernardino, today and vs. UC Irvine, Wednesday at 3:30. North Campus Rec. 


