
10th UC campus 
Stili Undecided 

AN FRANCISCO - Despite 
the University of California' 
continuing financial cri is, 
members of the UC Board of 
Regents voted to increase the 
number of po ible sites for a 
10th UC campus from two to 
three. It amended the UC Site 
Selection Ta k Force's 
recommendation tu include 
Madera County with the 
already recommended Merced 
and Fre no counties. Commu-
nity members and leaders from 
each of the three ite have 
poken in hope of convin ing 

the board to fUl1her consider 
their ite in the Regent ' 
fUl1her discu ion. 

UCD Antl-abortlon 
Protesters Arrested 
DA VIS - Nine prote ters were 
arrested at UC Davi on 
Tuesday, Nov. 17 for blocking 
the enrrance of the Women 's 
Health A ociates medical office 
near the Davi campus. Approxi-
mately 30 people took pall in the 
protest which required police 
intervention when patient and 
taff were denied acces to the 

medical office. Nine of the 
protesters were arre ted and 
charged with both trespassing 
and re i ting arre. t because 
police were forced to carry them 
from the scene. 

ScIentist To Grow 
Crystals In Space 
RIVERSIDE - NASA has 
approved funding for three 
project propo als involving 
outer space crystal growth 
which will be lead by UCR 
Biochemistry Profe sor Alex 
McPherson, who reque ted the 
$13.7 million last November. 
By attempting to grow protein 
crystals in space, researchers 
can berter conduct research 
which will lead to higher 
quality foods and drug . 
According to McPherson, the 
project should be looked upon 
as a major achievement for 
scientific research at UCR. 

• 

OUTTAHERE 
SPECTACLE: UCSD 
bemoans the loss of the heart 
and soul of the P.E. dept. 11 

SPORTS: UCSD water polo 
finished sixth at the NCAA 
Finals. 14 

, 

ue AN DlEGO 

One youngster tests the chilly waters of the 
La Jolla Shores tIdepooIs. 

Youths Disrupt 
LGBADance 
By Eric Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCSD students at a Lesbian, Gay and 
Bisexual Association (LGBA) Non-Sexist 
Dance were harassed verbally by 10 to 15 
youths during the Nov. 21 event. 

The youths were probably not UCSD stu-
dents, said UCSD Police Sergeant Bob Jones. 

The white and Hispanic youths involved 
were 16-to I 9-yearsold and mo tlymale. The 
incident involved homophobic epithets and 
threats of violence. 

According to LGBA member Todd Adams, 
who attended the event, the youths walked 
into the dance held at the Che Cafe and 
directed obviously derisive remarks at atten-
dants around II :30 p.m. When one of the 
youths pushed Adams, LGBA members asked 
the visitors to leave the dance. 

LGBA member Lisa, who asked that her 
last name be withheld, said the youths pro-
ceeded to the Che parking lot, where one 
heaved a two-by-four at a car. The youths left 
just before a UCSD police officer on a bicycle 
arrived. 

Later that night, the youths returned in 
three vehicles. One, brandishing a portion of 
a club used to lock steering wheels, banged 
against a fence around the Che saying, "I hate 
fags," according to LGBA member Andy 
Ferrell. 

In addition, youths who were encouraging 
their club-wielding friend were heard shout-
ing "Fucking fags suck" and "We like to beat 

See LOU, Page 7 

H E 

MONDAY, NOVEl\fBER 30, 1992 

A parent Joins In three children.' 
exploration of the afternoon tJdepools. 

TIDEPOOLS 
Naturalists from the Stel'ell-

Birch Aquarium-Museum at the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy took a group ofpre-schoolers, 
kindergarteners alld their parents 
on a tOLlr of the tidepools just south 
of La lolla Shores on Nov. 21. 
PHOTOS BY DAN McDOWELL 

VOLUME 77, I , UE 19 

A.S. Signs 
Co-op Deal 
CO-OP CRISIS: A final agreement 
is till a month off a the A.S, open 
talks on role of the UCB and GSA 
By Elaine Camuso 
Staff Writer 

The A!>socimed Student !> approveu the "gen-
eml prin ipals" ag reement with the co-op" anu 
the university administration last week, clearing 
the way for a final agreement to enu the year-long 
co-op cri:.i !>. 

The drJwn-out process to enu the un iver~ it y'~ 
threat of eviction and to work out an acceptable 
lease agreement is n t yet over, however. 

The University enter Board (UCB ). which 
earlier this month approved the General Store's 
quanerly lease of the NOl1h Conference Room 
for textbook sales, and the Graduate Student 
A sociation (GSA) must still negotiate their roles 
in the agreement. There are also several details to 
be worked out between the AS. and the co-ops. 

"The AS. feel, and sees this agreemenl a~ an 
agreement to negotiate," said AS. Pre~ idenl MiJ,.e 
Hohnes. 

The ba~ i c agreement thilt ha~ now been ~igned 
only provides a framework for further negotia-
tion " regarding the assumption of liability, re-

~pons ibility and over!>ight of the CO-()p~ Iby both 
the A.S. and the GSAI," Holme~ ex plai ned. 

The signing of the agreements doe!-o ~elVe 
several immediate functions, however. The ad-
ministration is prevented from continuing any 
legal action against the co-ops, specifically the 

See A.S., ,Page 7 

UC to 'Clarify' Executive Perl{s 
BUDGET: Regents vote to cut 
$314,000 a year in changes to top 
executive salarie and bonu e 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

In a move designed to quell criticism and 
clarify alaries of top U executives, the Board 
of Regents voted to change executive compensa-
tion and remove orne perks during it Nov. 20 
meeting. The changes were immediately con-
demned by critics for not going far enough to 
restructure the top management. 

The decision was made during the arne meet-
ing in which the regents voted to rai e under-
graduate fees $605 next year. 

The UC Office of the President proposed the 
changes, not to change the overall amount of 
compensation afforded top executives, "but to 
make [the salaries and benefits] easier to under-
stand," said UC pokesperson Rick Malaspina. 

The approved adjustments will save an esti-
mated $314,000 a year, according to the UC 
Office of the President. Changes include a reduc-
tion in the amount of money in the controversial 
"Administrative Fund," which is used for busi-
ness and entertainment expenses, and eliminate 
the "Deferred Compensation" program that gave 
incentives to executives and rolled the elimi-
nated money into their base salaries. 

The agreement also restricted the housing 
allowances given to chancellors and the presi-
dent, eliminated in-house tax and estate planning 
services, eliminated money allocated to top ex-
ecutives' spouses and reduced insurance and 
vacation benefits. Previou Iy, pouse of top UC 
administrators received money forassi ting their 

A Penny Saved 
The UC Regents cut executive perks for a total 

savings of $314,000 out of their $6 bill ion budget. 

Reoo Bruckner/GuardIan 

spouse with dutie uch as wooing potential 
faculty or administrators. 

The change actually resulted in a izeable 
increase in the base a1aries of executives, but 
removed many of the hidden bonuse that had 
been criticized by the tate legislature and the 
public. 

The university also adopted a new salary 
setting ystem that utilize compari on with 26 
other public and private universities. According 
to that new cheme, UC chancellors'average 
compensation of $189,989 was found to be ap-
proximately 5.4 percent behind the new goal. 

Malaspina said that the change ' were some-
See PERKS, Page 3 



2 NEW 

New Hat Designed To 
Be Unifying and Stylish 
SOCIETY: Modeled after the popular Malcolm X hats, 
the 'O-hat' tries to be more than just a fashion tatement 
By Lamlne Seck. 
Associate News Editor 

Fashion [rends come and go, but 
'>Omething called the "O-hat" i~ look-
ing to make m re than a fa~hion 
.!> tatement. 

The late~t socially-in~pired cloth­
ing item to hit the market is known 
as the a -hat. Cre-
atcd by Melissa 

tida, a gl11duate of 
Hahnemann Col-
lege In Philadcl -
phiu. the idea forthe 
hut was conceived 
in re.!>pon~e to what 

fida called II need 
for a positive 1Il0U-
ence. 

Cal Stores on University Ave. and 
Spons Arena Blvd .. a!> well a.~ at San 
Diego State Aztec Store~, bu t 
LaPinu say~ he is aiming for a 
larger audience. 

"There is a tremendous intereM 
with F t Locker to carry the hats 
and the shirts." he aid. "If that 

would happen, that 
would genemte a lot 
of nationwide sup-
port. We'd instantly 
have a distribution 
network and a re-
tail outlet in every 
majormetropolitall 
city." 

The hat i also 
receiving free ad-
verti ing from 
some unexpected 
sources. "A little 

The hat is simi-
lar to the now popu-
lar" X-hats," in that 
it is black with the 
~ilve r "a .. on the 
front, and si lverlet -
tcring on the back 
which read~ "All 
for One" . 

"More than 
anything else It 
stand. out for 
the fact that It 

over a week ago, 
Jim M cMahon 
wore the hat on Na-
tional television ... 
land] it was aired 
onNBCjsolpeople 
rul around thecoun-
try got t see it," 
LaPillUS added. 

JeffLaPinus. the 
WeM Coast region 
marketingstr.ltegi~t 
for the a -hat. bc-
lievesthat thereisa 
strong market for 
'ocia lly-i n~pi red 

has social 
value •••• that'. 
what the The designer for 

the Arsenio Hall 
sh w has also C n-
tacted LaPittu 

concept means." 
- Jeff LaPIHus 

lothing. 
" It \ not j u,t .!>omething that i~ 

, tyh'h .. . it doe,n't j U.!>t focu.!> on a 
httle diqu' like Rave wear. .. more 
Ih.m anything e\;,e it !> tands out for 
Ihe fuct that it has soc ial values. and 
that 's what the c Ilccpt meall~." 

LaPittu~ said. 
ttachcd to Ihe hat is a hang-tag 

explaining the philosophy behind 
thc h'lI. It read~: "Onc open-minded 
people.:, One open-h.:arted fight ~ r 
p.:ople everywhere to join hand 
and uni te. Outsprc:ld oneness. Over-
take ignomnce. Oppose disjoining 
& Ollhman I.:gre.,.,ion. Everyone 
ought a C\pcrknce the big O. To-
gether we can mal-e 11 happen," 

"We Ju~t don't want an '0' sit-
ting up there. :md' II ~ r Onc' on 
Ihe bJckofthc hat. .. along with that 
the 're going to get this little hang-
tag which describes to them what 
the hat Mand~ for and why they 

~hould end rse it," explained 
l..aPittus. 

LaPittu~ Ii~t became involved 
wilh lida and the a -hat oncept 
when he vbi ted Philadelphia about 
a month ago. A story in the local 
entel1ainment p:lper described the 
hat and the meaning behind it. 
LaPittus became interested and 
ca lled Slida. and five minute later 
they had begun planning we t coast 
,ales. TIle cOllnection i " interesting 
because the two have never met. 

Currently. the hat is uvai lable at 

about the hat. and 
said that r.-.enio Iiall would wear 
it. "We were ~uppo 'ed to have one 
,ent to him thi~ week." LaJlittus 
"':Iid. 

"The marl-cting standpoint IS 
such that it'~ designed to spark in-
terest. Once that's unained, the next 
step can be taken where you're edu-
cating people." LaPillUS hope . 

In contrnstto the hats that have 
become so popular with the relca e 
of pil-c Lee'~ new Malcolm X 
film. the a -hat is not intended to 
spurn rcsurgenceofblack pride and 
nationalism. bUI mlher [0 signru an 
erfOl1 to combat Ignorance and in-

crea~c cooperation between all 
people. not ju t blacks, he s:Jid. 

In addi tion to making a ocia l 
~ t atement , the proceeds from the hat 
will go to various charilies. 

'·Currently. in Philadelphia, five 
percent of the profit~ .ue split be-
tween two organi:wtion~ . One's an 
AIDS a\Varenes~ group. and the 
other's a children's abuse clinic:' 
LaPittu ' 5.'lid. He added that he hopes 
to continue that policy in San Diego. 

While they have overcome the 
initiru obstacles. there is (ill a lot 
more work to be done. " I've been 
really bouyed by the response ... 
.md every bod '. been real positive," 
LaPittus said. "'Butl so far it's JUSt 
lIlI myself out here on the We "t 
Coast - it' very difficult, but a lot 
of fun." 

GUAiIiUN 

The UC D Guardjan Monday, Novl'mbl'r 30. 1992 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 

·OJ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

B\lT ill TEll. 'f()I.l 1W>.T. 
'f\1I[N 1'101 ~T sc.~, M~ 

~ IlVTS 0I0t ~ pl\TRlonc. 
\£OT~RO. '" C~P£ . AN.O 
(N££ ~IG\\ . \\tGH\£[l£1> 
1lOClS. 1>.1'10 SIlt flG~~ 
(RIME ~<;. A 9J1'tR 1\kR\)\\lk . 

\ 

ID 

.-:::==--r-----, 

I HOI't. ~().rR:E t>U. 
O\Jl'l 1tl.I'RE.S5EJ) 
l\l~\-I~ ~OJ ~\:R.'( )o\1J(,1\ . 

I I~"GIt\E B\lG5 At\\) GtRlS 
HA~E '" DI~ l'ERCEPnQto\ 
l\lJ>. T NJ.l\)QE PLAifJ) '" 
~lJI:l ~\C.( OK nl£loI. 8111 
l\l£i V,C.( 1\\£ \NTt.U.\~ 
Tt> ROlli (,~EIol\) 

1\\E M~Iol\TIJOE OF II. 
I 

I'VE 1-\t.'It~ \-\~ Of 
~"'1()M£ W\\o COUlDNt 

1I\jt. 'N I~ 1\l~T . 

-

UCSD Physics Professor Emeritus Dies 
Professor Emeritus of physics and distinguished 

plasma physics researcher John H. Malmberg died in his 
Del Mar home last Tuesday at the age of 65. 

Malmberg joined UCSD from General Atomics in 
1969 as a professor of physics. Much of his work 
revolved around theoretical and experimental investiga-
tions of fully ionized gases. or plasmas, which are the 
fourth state of matter, with solids, liquids and gases 
making up the other three. The field potentially offers 
Insights Into how stars work and how to ignite and 
control thermonuclear reactions to produce fusion en-
ergy. 

Malmberg was named the recipient of the American 
Physical Society's James Maxwell Prize in Plasma Phys-
ICS in 1985. Alongwlth UCSD colleagues C. Fred Driscoll 
and Tom O'Neil, Malmberg also received the 1991 
Excellence in Plasma Physics Research Award from the 
American Physical Society. 

He was also a Fellow of the American Physical 
Society where he served on the Executive Committee of 
the Plasma Physics Division. In addition, he was an 
editor of PfJysica Scripta and an associate editor of the 
PhysiCS of Fluids. 

Top Research Archaeologist 
Joins UCSD Faculty 

Thomas Levy. one of the world's most prolific and 
respected archaeologists, currently doing research in 
Israel , has joined the UCSD Judaic Studies Ptogram and 
Department of Anthropology. 

Prior to jOining the UCSD faculty this fall. Levy was the 
assistant director of the Nelson Glucek Schoo! of Bibli-
cal Archaeology at Hebrew Union College. 

The author of over 40 books and articles, Levy 
received his Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of 
Sheffield in England and his SA from the University of 
Arizona. 

Levy's expertise is in the Chalcolithic period (ca. 
4500-3000 B.C.) of the Middle East. His archaeological 
explorations at the Shiquim site in Israel's Negev desert 
have unearthed environmental and cultural markers that 
are revolutionary to our understanding of how and why 
urbanism first emerged in that part of the world. 

The addition of Levy to the UCSD faculty will provide 
dozens of undergraduate and graduate students with 
the opportunity for "hand!Hln- archaeological exper~ 
ence in Israel. 

UCSD Professor Sally Ride To 
Head Clinton'. Review of NASA 

Former U.S. astronaut and current UCSD Physics 
Professor Sally Ride was named to President-elect Bill 
Clinton 's transition team to review the National AeronalJ-
tics and Space Administration (NASA) in preparation for 
Clinton 's take-over of the federal govemment in January. 

Ride. who also serves as the director of the California 
Space Institute at UCSD, was named the NASA Cluster 
Coordinator for the transition team. Ride is rumored to 
be Clinton's pick for the directorship of the space 
agency. 

ERRATIA 
In the Nov. 19 issue of the Guardian, the article entitled 

"Experts Argue Benefits of ImmIgration" incorrectly named the 
UCSD pre-law fraternity. The correct name is Phi Alpha Delta. 

In the Nov. 23 issue of the Guardian, the article entitled 
"Rally Airs Students' Rape Fears' reported an incorrect figure 
for the number of students responding positively to the 
question "If you could rape a woman and be certain that you 
would not be caught, would you rape a woman?" The correct 
percentage of people that answered ·yes· Is 30 percent. 

The Guardian regrets these errors. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

DESIQN CONIULTANTS: Miguel Buckenmeyer. James Collier 
lUUSTRATORS: Nathan Enin. 5peeO Farris . JennlfetHan. Dominic LobOla. Alan 
Lundgren. Aorlano MunOZ. Katie Roe. AI spong 

DAN McDOWELL, Photo Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NIESEI., Hiatus Editor 

DESIGNERS: Joel Arnold. Wilson Cheung. Marcus LoObia. Christopher Lock. 
Theresa Myl\le. Kalle Roe 
PMOTOGIIAPHERS: Sldan [)eO. Sidney Lynch. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Malthews. 
LM MIIChell . ChuCk NCuyen. Jennifer vann 
COPY READPIS: Michelle Chiang. Aron Miller. David RadWln. Jessie Springer. 
Mal-LBn Toms!n 
n..,U::SO~ lsD<.dshe<J~~~ dlrttlllO _'(t.'by~fot tntstuderls 
rJucso. ~rJlI>,_~.,bm. _In_O'''~_"",",Uion'' 
s:rtcVy i>Ohblt<! 1992. 1/1 ~ __ n.., OCSD Gu.W.>1 ~ 11M 1fSIlOII- lor ".. rollin rJ 
II15OIIoIt<! mnJ5aI!XSO' at. The _~'" ~..-.d.,..., 1otIOB0'~' rlO not 
_.my __ ".. _ 01 The u::so Grs.rtia1. Il1O 1hooeBtI't rJ Califomta. or Il1O A.\l<lQ;UO 
_ n.., OCSD Gu.r.faoI" _ SGIeI) by _~. ~DU" limed m Il1O H>te. 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Edicor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVERnSlNQ ASSISTANT: r .... Eoll 
BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 

MICHAn FOUlKS, Ac:fIIettlslng Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ. Ac:fIIettising Designer 

E.. lEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

SHANNON BlEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAff _TIllS: Jenny Galang. Oan Krauss. Matmew Robinson. Bren 
Rhyne. Michael Schwanz 
STAff WItITIItI: Elaine Camuso. Kr1sta Carpenter. Kirsten HaNerson. Billy 
Hwana. Gay~ Johnson. Rodertck lee. Wendy McNeill. Theresa Moore. Murail 
Moorthy. julie Pili<. Ely Rallani. Kara Saul. Ale,aJ. Sh~an. JUlie 5ne1m1ll. Katen 
Spleael, Gregory Slepnens 

Editorial: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Quat'dIlm, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actu" 1OCa!lon: Second Floor. UCSO Student cem.r EI\I~~ 'A' 

Monday, oV"lIllwr 30. 1.992 'I'll!" CSD Guardian i\EWS:l 

Environmental Science Major Offered 
UCSD: New chemistry 
department major started 
clas e Fall quarter 
By Dan Krauss 
Sen/or Staff Writer 

A new chemistry major for stu-
dent who are interested in protect-
ing the environment has been ap-
proved and i no\\l being offered 
through the Chemi try Department. 

According to Chemistry Profes-
or Stanley Miller, one of the 

founders of the new program, the 
environmental science major is a 
mixture of chemi try. economics 
and political science. 

"[Themajorl is designed forthose 
interested in environmental prob-
lems," said Miller. It prepare tu-
dents for graduate chool tudies or 
direct work in environmental fields, 
added Miller. 

"This give a way people can 
learn to help the environment with a 

PERKS: Top UC 
executives get more 
money; fewer bonuses 
Continued from page 1 
what symbolic in nature, but were 
important in term of improving the 
image of the university. 

In a press release, UC President 
Jack Peltason said that the change 
came in respon e to a months-long 
investigation imo top management 
compensation. 

"I hope we can gain general pub-
lic acceptance of these principles 

humanitie. background and a ci-
ence background," said Chemistry 
Profe sor MarkThiemen ', whoa!. 0 
helped start the environmental ci-
ence major. "You nt:ed someone 
who can ee both sides of things." 
he said. 

According to Thiemens, the va-
riety of classes offered give the 
major a "broadcr base which ap-
peals to more students. science and 
non-science. " 

Included in the requirt:ment for 
the major are two quaners of eco-
nomic and twoquartcrsofpolitical 
science along with the corechemis-
try classes. 

The new environmental science 
clas es ~tarted this quarter. 
Thiemen , who tea hes in the ma-
jor, aid he was "really enthusias-
tic" about teaching the classes. 

" It ' great. The students are in-
terested in what I have to ay in tead 
of just being concerned wi th what 

and then move forward together to 
deal seriously and con~cientiou Iy 
with the very real is 'ues ofprCl>erv-
ing the e sential ch<lmcter of the 
UniversityofCaliFomiaduringthese 
mo ·t difficult budgetary times:' 
Peltason satd. 

University of California Stu-
dents' Association (UCSA) spokes-
person Andy Shaw said last week 
that the UCSA supports a much 
morerndical plan that would reduce 
the fee increase and cut the budget. 

The propo al includes a 10 per-
cent student fee increa~e, the can-
cellation of faculty and staff merit 

5 
VS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES. 60's, 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAL 

HAWAIIAN • MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 
COOL STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE ., OCEAN 8EACH 
1.-____ M·SAT. 11-6:30· 222-0220 

ORREY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIOT 

they will be tested on," ,aid 
Thiemens. 

Although it wi II be sever..tl years 
before the first wave of environ-
mental clence majors grnduatt:. 
Thiemens said he was optimistic 
about their sU(;ce~ . "There' really 
II need out there and people ar 
excited." 

Miller agreed, ~aytng he felt it 
was very impol1ant thm the people 
who make environmental regula-
tion and manage wa.!>te have a back-
ground in science. 

One of the biggest problems in 
environmental poli ytoday,accord-
ingto Miller. is thm the lawyers who 
write the rules d n't hOI C .10 'Id-
equate under~tanding of the scien 
tific factor~ that they are control-
ling. 

"[The major] is very timely," 
~aid Miller. "Environmen1al prob-
lem~ are gelling worse and worse 
and regUlations are getting stiffer." 

<ll<lry illcrease~. pay cut "acro~~ 
the board" instead of layofb. an 
increa,c in the tea hing load for 
most faculty and the "elimination of 
all assistant vice-chancellors and 
assi t.mt vice-presidents." 

Such changc~ would spread the 
financial burden more equilably 
among members of the unive~ity 
community, Shaw said. 

Both MalaspinaandShawagrced 
that the budgetary situat ion For nex t 
year is bleak. urrent e~timates.,ho\V 
California facing a five to nine bil-
lion dollar deficit forthe next fi scal 
year. 

A p P A 

Friday, Nov. 13: 
U :45 a.m.: A 19-year-old non-affiliate was arrested for possession of less 
than 1 oz. of manjuana at Lot 702. He was cited and released. 
10:40 p.m.: An 18-year-old non-affiliate male was arrested in Lot 505 for 
urinating In public. He was cited and released at the scene. 
Saturday, Nov. 14: 
10:50 p.m.: A CSO fell from his bicycle in Lot 411 and suffered abrasions 
to both of his palms and to his left ankle. He was treated at the station. 
Monday, Nov. 16: 
1:15 p.m. : A student choked on a piece of food at Muir Commons. He was 
transported to Student Health. 
Tuesday, Nov. 17: 
4:00 p.m. : A student reported the burglary of a 1985 Nlssan 300ZX In Lot 
354. Loss: $725. 
Wednndlly, Nov.1S: 
9:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of money and clothing from hiS Third 
College apt. Loss: $180. 
Thursday, Nov. 19: 
U :05 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1985 \lIN in Lot 102. Loss: 
$2,000. 
Monday, Nov. 23: 
6:00 p.m. : A female student reported being date raped on campus. 
Tuesday, Nov. 24: 
1:34 p.m.: A male suffered a loss of consciousness at Bonner Hall . He was 
transported to Scnpps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 
Wednesday, Nov. 25: 
9:45 a.m.: A staff member reported the burglary of Mayer Hall Rooms 5438 
and 5410 between Nov. 24 and Nov. 25. Loss: $12.706. 
3:50 a.m.: A 18·year-old male non-affiliate was arrested In Lot 101 for 
possession of marijuana for sale. 
Friday, Nov. 27: 
10:15 p.m.: A 19-year-old male student was arrested for being under the 
influence of a controlled substance and an 18·year-old female student was 
arrested for being under the Influence of a controlled substance and dnving 
under the influence In Lot 208. 

R E L 

- By Julie Pak & Lamine Secka, 
Guardian Reporter & ASSOCiate News Editor 

z () N E 

factory Out[et 
C[otfiing S tOTes 

... from /lame 6ralllfs illcfuairl9: 
TWEEDS, EXPRESS, 
B,U,M, EQU IPMENT, 

GENERRA, LIMITED, 
OCEAN PACIFIC 

aruf mollY allier fine rrUlnufacturers 
of men 5, women 5 and 

cnifiren 5 dotning. 

New Selections Weekly 

Pacific n.ach • 931 Garnel AI'" • ~83·S 150 
SDSU • 6663 EI Cajon Blvd . • 460·4370 

Moramar ' 8250 Camino Sanla F • • 450·3.323 
New Location Optni", Soon! 
~:SCondido • 1230 AlIlO Parkway 

in the &candido Promenade 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIOT, Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

11M UCSD GUlJrd,an IS published twICe. week at tho Untverslty of C.lofornll. San CICCO Contents 
1992. ~Iewl e).Dressed heretO represent the majOrity voto of the eclltOflai board. Ina .re not 
necessarily thO~ of lhe UC Board of Regents. the ASUCSO, not the entire Gvatt,1"n staff 

It's Time for the University 
To Start Trimming the Fat 

With the 60S fee hike approved by the Board f Regent on 
{)v. 20. it !>Ccm~ a~ if fee in reases have be ome J.\ inevitable a., 

demh and taxe~ . TIle increa.'>C, which r:me studcnt fees to 3,6-l9. 
i~ the founh fee hike in as many years. And it's nO! over yet - fee~ 
could be raised at least an addi tional $100 \ hen Governor Pete 
Wtl,on relea~e~ hi~ budgct in January, 

In unccl1ain fiscal tilllc~. fee increase are a necessary c il. 
However. too great a finan ial burden is being put on the bad.s of 
student~. I, recently as the 198&- 9 academi year, fecI, werc only 

1.554, roughly half of thc CUIl'e lll t tal of ,OM. 
This latc~t increasc ~ lIow, on the heel, of a 22 percent hike la>l 

ycar and a monstrous 40 peI'Ct.:nt Increa,c t\\ ycars ag . Thes~ fec 
iill:reu\c, are panl ularly cii,heancning whcn. at the sam' tII11e. 
univcr~ity executives have enjoyed COst I} pcrk 1" su has fonner C 
Pn:,ldent D.lvid Gardner\, l11ulti -mtllioll dollar jX!n,ion package. 

Quitc ,imply, at a lime \\ ht.:nthc ',) stcm.,hould be ,hanng thc 
pain. tudclIl\ and faculty are the onl) onc, bcing forccd to bite thc 
bu lIet. The regcnt\ approve fcc Illcrea,c alier fee incrcase, \\ hile 
Ignonng the obviou~ aOlllilllstratlve fat that Ilccd., to l~ cut. . 

The rcgent., and IlC\\ Pre ... idcnt Jack Peltasoll havc wl,ely 
eI iminalcd or rl!duced somc of tht.: c'\cculJvC per\" ..... uch as dderrcd-
Incomc plan .... hou ... ing al Ill\\ <lnces and \upplcmcntal vacation pro-
!!ram.,. But cven .,oll1e of thc\c change ... arc merely elahorate ru ... es. 
~ t their (lv.:W mcetlng. the n!gcnts voted to "clanf "cxecutive 
l'l)lllpcll\ation, mcaning that honus monc)' paid to exCCUtIVC, will 
now be rolled over Into their .. al:u ie~. Thu~.thc prcsident \ officc can 
claim that a program ha~ been eliminatcd, .... hcnnolhing, in fact. ha~ 
changed. 

ulting back on admini~trative bcm:fits is a <,tep in the right 
dire'tion. ow Ihi! univer~ity mu~t stan cutting out administl1ltive 
po:.itions. The ~y'lem has grown into a burcaucratic behemOl h 
with more admini~trative positions than it cou ld possibly need. 
There are two enior vice pre~idents and three vice presidents in the 
U ~y~tem. each over eeing a separate area such a administmtion 
or univmity relation . For each vi e president, there i a legi n of 
associate vice pre~ident~, a~sistallt icc pre~idents . 'pecial assi tants 
and executive secretarie . 

U 0 is no differellllhan the system as a whole. This university 
utTently employes two associate c hancellor, i vice chancellors, 

14 assi~tant vice chan ellors and five as ociate vice chan ellors. 
This does not even include the number of director. a 'sociate 
directors, assistmlt directors and coordinators that compo e the 
admini ' tl111ive monolith. ow. imag ine this myriad of administm-
tors multiplied by the nine UC crunpu 'es, All told, that' a lot of 
money in salaries and pensions being paid out for position that 
shouldn 't even ex ist. 

The University of Califolllia simply doe n't need a multitude of 
a~sistant vi e chancellol ovcrseeing their own individual depart-
ment. Mo t of thcse positions should be ombined r eliminated 
altogether. Gelling rid of ome of the dead weight would go a long 
\ ay ill casi ng the UC system's financial strain. 

Peltason has declared that "it i time to change the way we have 
done business." That goal should include trimming the waste out of 
thc University of California. 

Thumbs Up to Offering 
Military Aid to Somalia 

Thumb up to President Bu h' offer to use military force, if 
neces ary, to as ure that multi-national humanitarian aid gets to the 
starving people of Somalia. The horrifying pictures we see on the 
news every evening are terrible in themselves, but what would be 
wor 'e i to ·tand by and not take reasonable teps to alleviate orne 
of the suffering. More than 300.000 people have died 0 far in the 
war- and famine-tom nation and the ituation shows ign of only 
gening worse. 

Risking the live of Uni ted States men and women should not be 
taken lightly. however, Before any deployment of [fOOP or equip-
ment there must a strong, workable plan that set ' immediate goals for 
allowing the Somali (0 govem them elve . The U,S. must avoid a 
quagmire while till fulfulling its moral obligation to lend a hand. 

The UC~ 0 Guardian Monday , NOH'lIIl.1t·r 30, 199'2 

OPINION 

Ted Ladd/Gual!1lan 

CENSORSHIP AND OPPRESSION-
IT~S THE AMERICAN WAY 

COMMENTARY: The First Amendment and liberty are the casualties when 
do-gooders and defenders of moral purity are on the politically-correct warpath 

B EN 

IIIJ1I[HlJ]{ 

Censorship, it has been ar- tion and offered an analy is of the dangers of 
gued, is the trongest human multiculturali m and the rising tide of political correct-
impul e, with sex following a ness in America's universities. 
distantsecond. lndeed, history The Objectivists. for the uninitiated. are followers of 
demonstrates that man is the late Ayn Rand, an extreme libenarian and author who 
cursed with an unyielding urge advocated unfettered capitalism and rational self-intere t. 
to crush anything and every- Although I do not ubscribe to the Objectivist philo ophy 
thing that offends his precari- - for reasons that should be obviou to anyone with lhe 
ous sensibilities. slightest concept of morality - I was nonetheless in-

Underst.anding this human trigued by the subject maner. I. too. have been an ardent 
weakness all too well , the critic of multiculturalism, and I hoped this supposedly 
founders of Ihe republic in- leamed man would be able to enlighten me further. 
eluded a provi ion within its Needles tosay,lwasnotenlightenedbyDr.Reisman·s 
Con titution, the First Amend- oration. This was, in pan, because the man was a colossal 

ment, which ought to curtail lhi peculiar pas ion. And, bore. Midway through his speech. he became almost 
almost a quickly a il was ratified. the supposed do- totally incomprehensible and, had it not been for the four 
gooders and defenders of moral purity •• _~-III! or five thought-policemen hollering im-
turned ablind eye totheprovision and went mediately behind me, I may well have 
about their ~e1f-righteous bu siness of op- snoozed through the remainder ohhe pro-
pre ion. gram. If, however, there were any pearls of 

A group of modem-day guardians of wisdom to be gleaned from Dr. Reisman's 
public se n~itivi ty have emerged to en~ure words, theywerecompletely lost,drowned 
that the mas cs think happy and ideologi- out by the swine squealing away in the 
cally-correct thoughts. They do this. in front of the hall. 
pan, by making sure that cel1ain incorrect n. IMNKIty of The man was subjected to the mo. t 
individual are not allowed to preach their free speech, shocking indignities, short of actual physi-
o-called racbt (or sexi t, or homophobic, howev. cal as aul!. In addition to being showered 

or elit ist ... ) dogma. They do thi by dis- flawed, Is that with the usual obscenities, at least one 
rupling events, threatening violence and student shouted "you have no right to be 
issuing courageou proclamations deny- any .. c.. say here," to the approving cheers of the other 
ing these unen lightened oppressors the right whldev. he 50 or so agitators. One even said that a mob 
to peak. Uk ... Howev., had a rope slung over a tree branch outside, 

These practi e are nothing new and he must and that Reisman had better watch his 
are, sadly, quite wide pread. The trend has undel ..... that back. Fearing for the safety of Reisman 
only worsened in recent years, with the and his wife- a survivor of Nazi concen-
quality of debate descending to the level of If people mock lr.!tion camps - police had to e cort them 
bickering and violence worthy of a hick him for beIIIC out of the auditorium to a waiting car. 
tavem.notanin titution of higher leaming. asinine, he __ Some of these self-styled paladins of 
Such incident are numerou and well- no one to ....... social justice roamed the auditorium after-
documented. and virtually every campus ward with camcorders, taking pictures of 
in the nation can report a disruption of but hi..... people who were genuinely interested in 
omesort. The Universily of California. and UCSD, i by the subject maner, and making threatening comments like 

no means insulated from this disturbing phenomenon. "remember the face of this fascist." Some of the more 
The most recent incident. and by far the most griev- brazen Gestapo had the gall to rush up to the A.S. Council 

ous, took place last pring in the Price Center Auditorium meeting being held the same evening and flatly condemn 
during a lecture by Pepperdine Economics Profes or the student govemment for cD-sponsoring an event which 
George Reisman, sponsored by the Objectivist Study e poused uch virulent intolerance. 
Group at UCSD. The speech. entitled "Education and the The Objectivists were outraged. to say the least. They 
Raci t Road to Barbarism." defended Western Civiliza- See SPEECH, Page 6 

Monday, November 30,1992 

CLINTON AND 
ETHICS JUST 

DON~TMIX 
COMMENI'ARY: Conflict-of-
interest amopg several top aid i 
turning Bill Clinton and his cooe of 
ethic into one big oxymoron 
By Paul Phillips 
Staff Writer 

My three favorite oxymorons arc military 
intelligence, jumbo ~hrimp and Bill Climon\ 
code of elhics. Yes, our esteemed president-
elect relea ed the now-cuslomary connicl-of-
intere. t rules for his transition team two weeks 
ago. We can cenainly breathe easier, for "(tlhe 
era isoverwhentoomany in Washington sought 
10 gain in some way fromlheir acceSloto power," 
according to Tran~ition Director Warren Chri~­
topher. 

What a geniu~ ! With so ~imple an idea as a 
code of ethics, Clinton has single-handedly 
ended government comlption forever. Clinton ' s 
health care plan will probably guarantee free 
health care for everyone and his brother. and 
doctor will pay JOII when you need an opera-
tion. 

PrJise from Olher liberals was lavish. "[The 
guideline could] restore the inlegrity of public 
service," said Joan Claybrook, pres i(lent of Ralph 
Nader's Public Citizen lobbying group. An-
other promise forthe end of government corrup-
tion - you stan to wonder what colorthe sky i 
in these people's world. 

Nobody has more to gain from the Clinton 
admini tration than Ralph Nader-type regula-
tion-happy lobbyinggroups. If newspapers have 
10 reson to quoting Joan Claybrook to find 
something posilive about Clinton, you can bet 
thi code of ethic is chock full of holes, 

If this code of ethics is the end all and be all 
of political integrity, it would be a afe bet that 
Clinton's advisors have no conflicts of intere t, 
right? 

Transition Chaimlan Vernon E, Jordan, Jr. 
receive $50,000 annually a a board member of 
RJR Nabi co Holding Corporation. While 
Nabisco may be famou fortheir tasty crackers, 
they have a lessattracrive fealUre - RJR Nabisco 
is one of the leading cigarette manufacturers in 
the U.S, 

Sound like the right guy to be interviewing 
candidate for the Surgeon General 's job? In a 
couple of years, cigarette warning labels will 
read "Caution: Cigarette smoking can occa-
sionally make you cough. It's no big deal, 
though, don't worry about it." Jordan has taken 
an infonnalleave of absence from the boards on 
which he its, which seems to be enough to 
ati fy Clinton's supposedly strict code. 

Samuel Berger, Clinton's top national secu-
rity advisor during the transition, works for the 
Washington law finn Hogan and Hartson, which. 
according to government document , is a regis-
tered agent for Japan, Poland and other foreign 
interests. 

The very day thi was reported by the Asso-
ciated Press, Warren..Christopher had said ear-
lier at a news briefing, "I don ' t have any reason 
to think that there are any agents of foreign 
governments [on the transition team], and I 
suspect we would be very careful to screen those 
out of any assignments we would make," Per-
haps head national security advisor is too minor 
a posi tion for Clinton's team to bother checking 
his background, 

You might think that these are the excep-
tions. not the rule. and that the code is unim-
peachable for the rest of the team. According to 
the Nov. 14 Los Angeles Times, "Legal and 
ethics expens said the move is an attempt at a 
new, lofty era in public service but cautioned 
that it may be a largely symbolic gesture that 
could be circumvented." Of course, For politi-
cian , the imponance lie in the appearance of 
ethical conduct, not the reality. 

Let ' face it, the whole idea of a code of 
See ETHICS, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

co.tENTARY: Professional basketball in the post-Lany Bird/Magic Johnson era can no 
longer be divided in tenns of black and white - talent and ability have no racial booods 

LAST OF THE GREAT WHITE HOPES? 

GREGORY 

srEPHEJ1~ 

I heard hark. 
Barkley say on 
Arselliv I he olher 
nighl how happy he 
\\la, to be on a new 
team (Phoenix) Ihat 
hadlhreewhile guy~ 
who could actually 
pili)'. The NBA in 
the posl-L<UTY Bird 
and Magic Johnson 
era. I realized. \\ a~ 
going 10 have an cn-
IJrely,hffercnt ra ial 
dynamic. 

The thing I wi II remember 1110 ... 1 aboul 
Bird.a~ide frol11 his magical play.l~ Ihe heated 
argument~ he im,pired bet~een black ;md white 
ba,kelball fans. Larry was often Invoked ",:1 
fine line fOrl llrfwars between people who S:IW 
ba~kelball a:, a symbolic banlegrollnd for the 
racial politics of Ihe larger ~oc iety. 

There wa~ a time during the 1980~ when Ii 
was practically sui idal for any self-respecl-
ing African-Amcrican to root for the el lie,. 
Larry-Icd Boslon wa~ widely perceived as a 
"white team" wilh a "white ~ t yle." Boston's 

playofffoes-Juliu ~ Erving's 76ers. Magic 's 
Lakers and Isiah Thoma~' Detroit Piston~ -
were seen as "black" teams thai played a 
"black" style. 

I remember sining in a packed sports bar in 
Berkeley during the final game of Ihe Pistons' 
1991 playoff victory over Boston. Many of the 
black Piston fans were engaging in a time-
honored ritual of"dissing"Celtics fans. Celtics 
fans had been quiel, perhaps nO! quile willing 
to believe the old warriors could do il again. 
They finally erupted during a comeback. 
' '111at 's just like Celtic fans," said a black guy 
next to me. "You never know they're t.here 
when they're behind." 

"I hate the Celtics!" chimed in Byron, the 
young blood in a Piston cap. "I grew up with 
my dad watching the Lukers-Celtics finals," 
he explained. "My dad just couldn't tand the 
Celtics. It was a black-white th ing for him. I 
mean. Red Auerbach was trying todrJft white 
all those years. 

.. Larry Legend - ont! of t h.: all-t ime grc.ll~ 
and allihat." he !'.nccrcd. "lie never woulda 
been this big if he .... a,n·t whi te." BUllooking 
around, I could M!C thai ,omething had changed. 
TIlere \\ere a lot of new cluc!'. fan, who W':rt! 
black. I had been w<Ilching their nUlllbel ~ gro\\ 
recently. 

I pointed this out to Byron. "Reggie I Lewi,1 
and Dee IBrown] are gre:Il:' he confe,~ed . "I 
suppose once Bird relires, I'll get inlo the 

cities. BUI a~ long as he', around there'll 
always be a block for me." 

In truth. all thi ~ talk about the Celtics as a 
"white" team is a ra ial myt hology Ihat C.lI1nOI 
be supported by hbtorical fact. The facl i~ that 
the 5.1111C Red Auerbach who supposedly tried 
to "drafl white" in the Bird Era was Ihe fir~t 
NBA coach/general manager 10 win with <1n 
;11l-black ~laI1ing lincup in the 1960s. During 
the 1980:., Auerbach hired a bl<lck coach. K.C. 
Jones, who led Ihe Celtics to the top again. 
Funhenllore, the Celtics patented Ihe faM-
break freeslyle that now dominates the NBA. 

ow. the fa~t break-style wa~ traditionally 
thought of as "black." white more controlled, 
half-;:ourt play has been seen as "while." But 
if we had to chooM: a rJcial stereolype for the 
Celtic~ and their style, it would probably be 
more accurate to say Ihat they have been 
biracial. 

You can cvcn take this off the COLIn -
Brown is in an interracial relationship, and 
Robel1 Parri 'h' s significant other is also wh ite. 
For all the troubled racial hiMory of Bo,lOn 

ilself. for decade, the Celtic, \\ ere a mood of 
what can be accompli,hed when bl;I 'k and 
\ hite ,yne up. 

I was a reluctant Larry Bird fan. For y.:ar,. 
,omething in me resi~led ha\ ing a \\ hitc player 
as a "hero." BUll felt drawn inlo ;,dmiratiofl of 
Bird almo~1 again;'1 my will. Partly. Ihi~ \Va;. 
Bird', , heer arti.,tr)'. BUI I think II abo had 
~omethlng 10 do with the .:ndlc~., r,'Lling of 
Bird and the Celtic~ by Illy black PCCI'l>. Root -
ing for the Cdlic~ became a \llIbtxlJ'n \.:11'-
a~-,ertion . 1aybe " \ hit.: Men an'l Jump," 
bUI Larry was living proof that t Ill' J'<: \\a.,. ;1\ 
my fatheru .. .:d 10 ,ay, "mort: than one \\;'y 10 
.,I-..in a ~at." 

In Jny <.';".:. II wa, hard fOi me III buy Ih, 
whole blac~ tcam-\\h,ll'leam d,dlll\(\m) . I'or 
in;.wnce, ho\\ could nne think of Ihe La~el' a, 
a "blac\.." team. com,idcring Ihe ccmral role 01 
JCITY We~1 111 IhJt franehi,c'! We~l, ,1.\...;1. 
"Zcke from abin Creek ... w,,,, hi, er;,', v.:r-
~ion of Bird, Ihe "I lick from French Lid." 

Then there are all sort, 01 hole, in Ihe racial 
mythology Ihal call.. Ihc Pi'lon, ;1 "blael-.." 
team. What of blah ', bC~1 fnend, Hill 
Laimbec:r'J And wherc on Ihi, "black" leJI1I do 
we lit Denni' Rodman. an Afri~an,American 
raised by adopled while parems in O"lahoma'! 

TIle ab~lIrdity of dividing baskelball into 
black and while cllmps hJ' been made deJr 10 
l1Ie since moving to ;i1ifomia. \\herc I have 
played pickup ball Wllh A,ian and Launo as 
well as black and while players. TIley were all 
morcor lessequally talented and fan,ofLwry. 
Magic alld Michael. 

When it comes to Larry and Magic. I no 
longer think in black and \"hlt.:. 111e rJre 
combination of talent. heart and flair that 
makes greatness is not a racial property. The 
bl;,ck influence in ba ketball has been tremen-
dous. BUI the emerging product is ntll Ii iracial 
and multinational. Wh;1I color is a no-look 
pa~s? 

Larry and Magic will be remembered a~ a 
pair - biracial brolher~. American originals 
who helped elevate oo~ketbal1 in \o a uniquely 
multiracial all form and intemalional bu~i­

ne~s.TIley have embodied our beller ~elves, ;1', 
leaders. team player!'. and true gentlemen. 

THEBmLE WAS MISREPRESENTED lNLETTER 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to Michelle 
Persaud 's letter ("Homosexuality Is a Sin, 
Says the Bible," Nov. 23). A a Christian, I am 
angered, disgusted and sickened by her mis-
use and misinterpreiation of Ihe Bible 10 ju~­
tify her prejudices and blatant homophobia. 
Her contention that "the Bible, beyond a 
shadow of a doubt, regards homosexuality J.\ 
an offense to God" is patently unU1Je. TIle 
Bible doe no such thing - a poi nt on which 
most Biblical scholars would agree. 

To justify her contention , Ms. Persaud 
quotes Leviticus 18:22. What he faib to do. 
however, is to take illlo account the historical 
and social context of lhe passage as well as the 
original tran lation, The word that i. u ually 
tran lated as "dete table" or "abomination" is 
"toevah" in Hebrew. ''Toevah'' does not sig-
nify something intrinsically evil. but rather 
something which is ritually unclean for the 
Jews. The word "toevah" was used in describ-
ing practices which involved ethnic contami-
nation from other peoples, and often occurred 
as part of the stock phrase "toevah ha-goyim" 
(the unc1eanline s of the Gentiles"). 

M . Persaud's misreading of the Bible 
takes what was originally a message ofGod's 
love, compassion, understanding, joy and free-
dom and twists it into a message of hatred. 
fear. imprisonment. intolerance and inju tice, 
I refuse to believe that a God who love 
unconditionally would condemn two people 
for loving each other ju t becau e they were 
the same gender. Love i not a sin; hatred, 

READERS' 

FOH1fM 
Tile Gualll",n ..,/COmes lellers from Irs reiKIers . AI/letters musI be 
no/onfleflhanl/lreepages. doul1l'SpacedancJslgned. We reselVe 
l/le nghl 10 edtt fry Ier>glh and clarity. Send allleNers 10: 

The Gu.nllan 
Oomiofl EdtlOf 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
LaJOl/a. CA 92093C316 

intolerance, injustice and discrimination are. 
Lyngine Calizo 

What a Waste of Opinions 
Editor: 

Wake up. Guardia,,! The risk of car theft 
scare every motorist who has to leave his car 
in a school parking lot, our classes are getting 
biggerand ourc1a:.~ options are getti ng .maller. 
Our co-ops are in serious need of repair.just as 
the Price Center is continually janitored and 
kept to park ling condition . 

And yet de pite all thCltC problem that 
could bealleviated with editorial in theGlIord-

iall, you con~i~tcntly wa~te our time und your 
opinion pages with ed ilorializlI1g evelll, oilihe 
nalional ,calc. George Bu,h and Bill C1inlon 
don 'tlook to the UCSD Ilewspaper for udvice 
on how to run Ihecoul1lry. and I doubt iflhcre 
is anybody on this campu~ Ihat doe, cilher. 

Stick to what locCiI newspaper, were \11 -
tended to cover, loml evenl~. It i., quite pre-
sumptuous of the GllarJilllllo tellihe Unil.:d 
States Congre~s what it ~hould and ~hou It! not 
do, just a, il rcfu,e~ to raihl! a finger at Ihe 
power, that be in our own backyard. 

Matthew Erwin 

Condemn Rape, Not Society 
Editor : 

The liberal drivel spouted :tllhe rape rally 
on Nov. 19 was . ickening. Rape is nO! a 
"nallJral and inevitable" consequence of nor-
mal sexuality. Rape is a violent crime and 
should be treated as such. We don't need to 
sympathize with the poor, mi,guided rapi~t 
who is the product of an entirely evil malc-
dominated society. We need to puni~h him, 

Sadly, many of these crime~ could be 
avoided if not for the policie ' of the,e ,tu-
denls' liberal mentors in Sacramento. Lenielll 
sentencing and early release put these crimi-
nals back out on the ~treet, 10 rape again. Law~ 
banning gun on UC campuses a~sure attack-
ers that their vi tims will be defen~ele~s. Rap-
i tsdon't need compassion, They need a bulkt 
in the head. 

Ed Wagner 



6 OPINION 

All 92's on SALE! 
.-~ FU~ I & RALEIGH 

1 5 % 0 F F limited Stock so don't hesitate 
• Giro Hammerheads $59.95 

~ The Cool Tool $24.95 
• Bike lights from $ 1 0 

~Jb 
UilD 

In the Student Center . Open 10·5 Mon - Fri 

o 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPEECH: Free 
speech protects all 
speech, not just yours 
ContInued from paCe 5 
filed a grievance against the lmema-
tional Sociali tClub, which they claim 
planned the di ruplion well in ad-
vance. There can be no doubt: that the 
ISC played a significant role in the 
chaos. I know. Tht:y were sining right 
behind me. And they were not alone . 

ThelSC. for it pan,denie having 
planned the disruption, claiming that 
the deba Ie was entirely pomaneous. 
According to one member I poke 
with honlybefore the grievance hear-
ing, the club played no official role in 
the dbturbances, although he did ad-
mit that certain individuab in the or-
ganiz:uion were involved. 

Prior to the event, member!> of the 
club diMributed flier.. hailing the vir-

tue~ of multicu Ituralbm and decrying 
500 y.:al'\ of white racist oppression. 
Had they ,lUck to that tactic. there 
would have been no quarrel. Dil>-
eminating opposing information i~ 

perfect ly legitimate. Taking Rei man 
to task for his viewsduring thed iscu ~­
sion period after the lecture would 
have been a cept:lble al o. 

Butthe\ociali t,-and theirpan-

ners in crime in ide the audilOrium-
went too far. TIley spat upon the prin-
ciple offree speech when they heck-
led Rei man. and debased it further 
by preventing the audience from lis-
tening to what he had to say. 

Political correctne has become a 
cl iche in today's vemacular, but it is 
nonetheless an apt description of the 
plague gripping the American uni-
versity and society at large. By now 
the horror tories are familiar 10 mo t 
tudents, whether liberal. conserva-

tive or otherwise di,inlere ted. 
ame<alling, offensive graffiti or 

a similar display of tupidity by ome 
drunken buffoon is met with crie of 
raci m, sex.ism or whatever other 
catchword describe the breach of 
prevail ing onhodoxy. and is Immedi-
ately fo llowed by demands for "jus-
tice:' "greater sensitivity," an end to 
"negative stereotype," and a laundry 
list of hibboleth . Campu adm in i -
trator , a tradit ionally cowardly lot, 
then cramble to quell the howling 
mob wi thout attracting a great dea l of 
media attention. 

The noble pursuit of equal ju, tice 
under the law has been corrupted into 
a f utile and destructive que t forequal-
ity - by any means nece ary. 
"Equality" has come to mean affir-
mative action, quotas, H ensitivi ty 

THEUCSD 
BOOKSTORE 

PRE~CHRISTMAS SALE 
DECEMBER 1st 

SAVE 20% on the 
Bookstorels great selection 

of b oks including ... 
Gift Book 

Fiction and N n ,ficti n 
Childrent Book 

Sale Books 
Calendar 

Technical Book 
Discount on books taken at regi ter. 

(2000 and 8000 series only. 
Magazine , be t eller, 
medical and textbook 

not included,) 
Monday - Friday 8a.m. - 6p.m. 
Saturday IOa.rn. ·5p,rn. 
closed Sundays and holidays 

through 5th, 1992 

Enjoy a 30% through 60% 
discount on ... 
Boxed Chri tmas Cards 
Stuffed Animal 
Selected Clothing 

Children's Toys 
Ceramics and Novelties 

Glassware 
Housewares 
Collectort s Porcelain 

Holiday Gift Packs 
General merchandise priced as marked. 
(While quantities last.) 

534-READ 

Monday , November 30,1992 

Iraining" and institutionalized 
vicLimhood. For some people, there i 
no question that there are right and 
wrong opinions - and you bener 
have the right one. 

Do I say these people should be 
banned, just as Lhey would try to ban 
me and the ideas I cheri h1 Cenainly 
nOI. If people wanllo pend their live 
chasing gho tS, they'lI hear no objec-
tion from me. 

The beauty of free peech, how-
ever flawed, is that any as can say 
whatever he like . However, he mu t 
under tand that if people mock him 
for being asinine, he has no one 10 
blame but himself. 

TIle vanguards of sensit i vity would 
be well-advised to at least con ider 
the old adage "what comes around 
goe around." Just as there are a num-
ber of numb kulls on the left who 
place equ al it y, j ustice and "civil 
rig hts" above freedom, there are just 
as many jacka ses on the right who 
wou Id compromise libeny in the name 
of common decency or patrioti m or 
the purity of the nation's daughters. 

"Freedom of peech for me, but 
not for thee" cut both ways. And Lhe 
pol it ical correctness conservatives be-
moan today could very well be the 
political correctne the left must en-
dure tomorrow. 

ETHICS: Bill 
Clinton defmes 
"politics as usual" 
Continued from page 5 
ethics pringing from Bill Clinton is 
as ludicrou a a creativity seminar 
from Joe Biden. Unless you 've been 
liv ing in a deep, dark cave these last 
six month ,you know about Clinton's 
propensity forstretching, tuming, fli p-
ping and ometime completely man-
gling Lhe truth, a quality Ihat Republi-
can trategi tS exploited heavily. 

Clinton also demonstrated against 
the United States during the VieLnanl 
War, dodged the draft, allegedly had 
an affair or two and allegedly consid-
ered revoking hi American citizen-
ship during the war. 

ow that Clinton's taking this 
strong tand on ethics, almosl cer-
tainly in an effort to dispel his ques-
tionable image, hi code mu t heavily 
penalize violators, right? 

Nobody knows. The penalties 
haven't even been wrinen yet, and 
Clinton won't release them to the 
public until after he's been inaugu-
rated. Once his administration is in 
place, people are going '0 have plenty 
of other things 10 fret about. 

The naivete of people who think 
Ihat somehow Ihis code of ethics will 
be the one that fix.es everything is 
completely off the scale. Politics in 
thi country is all about helping pe-
cial interest groups, and using your 
influence to do it. That' s all politi-
cians have done for innumerable years. 

The Democrats. who also believe 
thathigher incomes and cheaper health 
care costs can be created with a 
lawmaker's pen, are trying to foi t 
orne more sillines upon us. 

When announcing hi code, 
Clinton's only comment was, "I want 
10 send a signal that we are going to 
change 'politics as usual '." This bears 
repeating. Bill Clinton, as consum-
mate a politician as they COlTle, says 
he's going to change 'politics as u uai' . 

Is he going to? What happens in 
the next four years will answer that 
question bener than I can. 

Is he likely to? No. It' hard to 
vi ualize a politician changing' poli-
tics as usual'. This is a wildly impor-
tant goal, but it's never going to hap-
pen if we keep electing Clinton . Bill 
Clinton ;s 'politics as usual '. 

Monday, Novemher 30, 19<)2 

Local Kids Tour UCSD 
COMMUNITY: 1RW 
sponsors visit by 300400 
elementary school children 
By Melissa Jacobs 
Guard ;an Reporter 

More than 3 founh and fifth 
grade elementary chool ·tudents 
came to visit UCSD last Tuesday, as 
pan of a field trip sponsored by 
TRW. Inc.'s KlDS Program. 

The school panicipating in Ihe 
1992-92 pilol program are L.R. 
Green, Los Penasquitos, Tierra 
Bonita and Central Element ary, 
which were chosen mainly 10 pro-
mote class diversity. 

' 'There 's a large dichotomy in 
the Escondido area's population 
lupper/middle class to lower class 
families l. We are trying to mix the 
kids," said DirectorofTRW's Com-
munity Outrea h Program and San 
Diego engineer Frank Flores. 

TRW, lnc. is a global company 
,hat focuse on providing products 
with a high technology and engi-
neering content to automolive, 
space. defense and infonnation 
markets. The San Diego division of 
the finn had Ihe goal of integrating 
and encouraging less pri vileged chi I-
dren into college and sociely. 

"Our KIDS Program is aimed at 
forming a pannership between in-
dustry and schools and exposing 
kids to real world applications of 
math. cience, and computers to in-
cre~ e understanding and i J1[ere~t in 
these fields. We are also promoting 
and showing the value of cultu ral 
di vers ity," said Vice-Pre ident and 
General Manager of TRW-s local 

Military Electronics and Avioni s 
Division Roy Adams. 

The tudents were given a tour of 
UCSD led by 10 olunteers of 
UCSD's MESA (Mathematics En-
gineering cience Achievement ) 
progl".lm. 

"ME i' a statewide program 
of ~Iudenls pu rsuing science and 
math oriented majors but tend to be 
underrepresented in these majon;." 
:.aid Glynda Davi ,who is involvt:d 
withM A. 

Many of Ihe kid.> were awed by 
the size of the c:mlpus and were 
excited aboUI Ihe tour. 

"I didn ' t think it was g ing to be 
fun , but it is. We got to see a lot f 
neat Ihi ng.>," .>aid L.R. Green fi fth 
grader Jo~h Adam .. 

"When you 're in college, you· re 
not around bad people, lil..e dmg 
dealeI'),; you· re around good people," 
added fifth gl".lder Kellen Werner. 

As far as the future is concerned, 
TRW will continue 10 sponsor the 
J(}DS Program. They are in the pro-
cess of finali zing detai ls fort he pro-
gram in upcoming years and have 
recently applied for a grant 10 ex-
pand the program to reach more 
·tudent in elementary ~choob. 

Flores \\ as optimistic about the 
program and its goab. "About one 
year ago. TRW looked at the activi-
tie, we were participating in wi thin 
the community and looked at how 
wecould influellce the future. If you 
want 10 make a difference we have 
to in vest in our kid..,. We need to 
reach out when we can get them 
inlereMed [in math and ~ciencel. 
while there':, still time 10 influence 
them," 

The U SO Guardian 

A.S.: Final deal i due Jan, 4 
as council "agrees to agree" 
Continued from page 1 
pending grievan e hearing and 'he threatened stu-
dent ' U pen 'ions resulting from the Genel".ll Store 's 
disputed occupation'ofthe NonhConference Room in 
late eptelllber. 

The AS. and the G A wi ll now work in conjunc-
tion wi th the U B and the co-ops to Ilegotime 'h.: 
space agreemeJlts. accordi ng to Ilohnes. 

Ilowever. Ihe GSA. Ihe only ~ t lld e nt government 
counci l that does not have indcpendcllI legal coun~el. 
\ a~ denied i t ~ reque t that the A. . allo\ it, attomey 
10 work for both counci l ~. 

In a , pecial l11.:e ting l a~ t 1onday, the AS. \ot.:d in 
a clo,ed ses,ion 10 reject , uch a joint ent ure. 

" In reality. \\·e are negotiating with many group, 
here, inc luding the GSA," llolmes,aid, adding that he 
bchev.:d ~uch a move to oc a kgal contl ict ofintcre,t. 

"There i, a poli tica l conflu:, ()fill 'ere,t 1\\ hich I ,ee 
a,1 the largest probl .:m." he said. " We \ e foulld Ihal 

LGBA: Loca.l youth thr aten 
students at "non-sexist" dance 
Continued from page 1 
fags," LGBA memocr Pete onnandin "aid. 

Following that incident, "We were making it va) 
obviou, that we were raking license plate number,. t 
thaI point , Ihey slaned wandering off, c<;pecially when it 
was apparent \\ e had called campu, pol icc." Ferrell ;,aid. 

Two police can; and one bicycll: office r ;IITlvcd Oil 
the scene ufter the youth, had left. One car pur,ueu 
su~pects, while ,mothcr \ ai ted at Iht: dance and look 
in fo l111lu ion. No pol icc repol1 was filed at the timc of 
the incident. 

Joncs ;,aid 110 aITC~t;, wi ll be maJe re\ulting from 
Ihe incident, since ",here wa"n't really any law \ 10-
kltcd." 

l ie ,aid license nu mber, taken by LGBA IIlcmber, 
had been lraced and were not related to SD "tu-
dents, who cou ld be expelled for violating the 

Llniverslty'~ "fighting word,," policy. 
UCSD Police Officer Joe Cox ini tially told LGBA 

EWS 7 

their approaches to Ihese go.lIs are just very different. 
so polilically we ' re moving in different directions." 

GSA President Patrick (m oll dispuled Holmes' 
assenion. say ing that there were definite ways to 
avoid such conflicts of interest and pledged that the 
GSA allow the A.S. to request the GSA to withdr.lw 
from a legal coun el agreement if polit ical or legal 
issues became confl ic ting at a later date. 

"My expeliellce at UC D has been that every tilllt" 
student:> attcmp' to ;ICt in solidarity and mutual ~up­
pon toward common objec tives, ,omebody r"i,c:~ tht' 
4ueMion of contlict of interesl," he said. an'oll ",,"0 
que~tion.:d whether ~uch a con tl icl actually exi,t\ . 

The thin.l is"ue was monetary. The A.S. govem\ a 
much I;u-ger , tudent body and therefore ha~ a much 
larger budge t. Tht: GSA has been unable to aff\JrlJ 
.:\pcn,ive legal counsel. "I don' t feel that the under-
gmduales would appreciate the council pa) ing for 
retaining an attorney for someone ebe," said II Ime,. 

The A '. pledged that it would as~i\t in mOllcy-
rais ing alternati ve, for the G A, ~uch a" a pal11alloan 
fro m thc I\. . 01 other stud.:nt organi.wtiolh. or help 
wilh fUlid rai;,ing. 

member" that the youth. may have been in violatioll 
of, tate J)(;!nal code, r.:garding challenging to fight and 
violent Ihreatl!ning. 

Ad;un, said the incident wa~ the fir~t in rec~11t 
memory involvi ng threat!. at an LGBA dance. "We 
have ~ t raight pcople who go to the dwlCc ... . allLl thcy're 
pre tty cool about it. No one ha, rea ll y cau,ed a 
problem coming into a dance:' he said. 

The LG BA ha~ already received ,everal l:I'all~ 
phone ca lls and has had dance n ier,ddaccd thi~ycar, 
accord ing to Ferrell. 

LG SA mcmh<:r teve Simmon, .. aid the incid':lIt 
at one point looked lb ifit wou ld tuJ11 vlo!.:nl. lie .aid 
that. arter the two-by-four planl.. \\;1, thrown. om: 
)oulh looked r<:ady to throw a bottle. "A coupk of the 

guy~ 'Ia)ed and tried to be tough guy., bu t my lover 
walked (()\~ard thl'111" alld they kft. Siml1lon., ,aid. 

S it111110n, , a ill the dallc,:... ,Olllet i IIlC, attract 
homophobic I)(;!ople. but nc\cr before in the number 
prc,cnt at the recent dance. " 'ometime, wc get curi-
ou~ pcopk who want to M!<.! the hom(h,li~e they'r!.! at 
the Lao," he ~uid. 

tlve Repairs 

LABOR 
OCOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 

Mitsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers ! 

Minor Tune Up Special $29~g 
1 Spark plugs 
2. Distributor pOints 
3. Condensers 

Our tune up Includes a lot more than others. It Includes: 

6. AdJusI dwell angle 
7. Check brakes 

10 Check undercarriage lor 
damages 

$55) 

4. Ad)ust Timing 8. Check clutch 11 . Check cooflng system & hosos 
5. Check and replenish all flUid 

and all levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road 'est 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Extra for fuel· Injected Our major tune up Includes: (reg . $150) 

I Compression leSI 
2. Valve adjustment II AdluSI hm,ng 20 Lube lronl end 28. Check and recharge 
Replace: t2 AdJuSI dwell angle 2t Check & replenish all ballerles. lt necessa ry 
3 Valve cover gask~1 t 3 AdJusl carburetor lIuld & 011 levels 29 Rolate Illes (II needed) 

Visit o ur oplome'ry offi ce, dcclicil tecl to p rov id ing your eyl's with 11ll' 
p 'r;,onal a lte nlion lhey de , e rve. 

4. Spark plugs. t4 . AdJuSI alf & fuel rallo 22 CheCk elecmcal syslem 30 CheCk Ille pressure 
5 D,strlbulor pOlnlS. mixture 23 Check for loose & lost 31 Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15 Adfusisleerong box bolls 32. Check all holders 
7 All filler. 16 AdluSI clUICh 24 CheCk brakes 33. Check cooling system & 
8. a,l hiler. 17 Ad)usl brakes 25. CheCk clulCh hoses 

r-----------------------------, 
I $30 00 Complete pJir of eyeglasses. I 
I Campi t conla t len pa kagc. I 
: • De igner sunglasses. : 
I OF F -Off.r upi .. , 12/ 14/92 • coupon musl he I 
I presented at time of order, I 

- One coupon per customer. 
I _ No other discounls apply. I L _____________________________ ~ 

Des ign by; Giorgio Armani, Ralph Lauren Polo, Cazal, Christian Dior, 
Bob Mackie, Christian Lacroix, Valentino, Hugo Boss, <:J nd many more. 

Eyes of La Jolla 
PTOMETRY 

Dr. leffrey Mark<,on, Oplo m<.'ir isl 
AI Univer ity Towne Centre (Nexl 10 Nord~lrom) 

4417 l,1 1011,1 Vill,lg , IJrlVl.', '><1n LJI('gn, A 'J.! 122 (619) 597-202U 

9 Gas IIlter. and 18 AdlUSI emergency brakes 26. CheCk lights 34 CheCk cxhauSI syslem 
10 Engine 011 t9 CheCk & adiusl exposed 27. CheCk underca",a~e 35 Road lesl bellS lor damages 
t~ote lor 6-cy!lflder Gars add 520 Toyota 5upf.1s add $30 Datsun 200SX With 8 SPilk plugs. add 535 

Complete $169* Brake Job $39* 
Clutch Job Special Frontorr~:~ ' $80) 

We replace: I InSlall speCial new pads Brake lob Includes ' 
I. Transmission input shaft 4 . Throwoul bearong or Inslall rear brake shoes 

seal (excepl Hondas) 5. Pliol bearings 2 Dram old brake lIuoj 6 AdJllSIlronl (I t drums) 
2. Pressure plate 6 New transmisSIOn 011 3 Inspecl complele and rear shoes 
3. ClulCh disc 7. Road lest hydraulrc system 7 Replace front rotor 

4 RellU hydrauliC tluoj seals lit roior. lurn) 
Note Hyctau~c pans are not covered Nailor 4WD Fran! wheel 
dllveelCTra 

5 Bleed enllre brake sy.lom 8 Road lest 
Note Hydraulic partS are not .,dueled 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

' most cars All prices Include parts and labor, 

overseas 
AuIDmotIve Rlpllrs 
•••••••• 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

With this ad. Expires 12113192 
Call lor appo,nlmenl. 

TOWing and rrntal car available Monday Friday 7 30 am 6 pm Open Saturday. 



a C.\LE DAH 

Services & Workshops 
Monda, Friday 

. 8 a m.·2 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer·based program 
of career Information desl2ned to help you tlanfy 
yourskills, values and Interest For more Information, 
come to the Career Services Center $10. 
. 9 a.m.·5 p.m - WOMEN'S RESOURCE CENTER 
PEER COUNSELING. Feel like no one understand:;? 
Women counselors trained by Psych. Services 
available to help With crises or give supPOrt and 
referrals for your needs. Confidential. safe space. 
Walk'l n or by appointment. Located in the Student 
Center, Bldg, A 534-2023. 
. 1:304 p.m. - OROP·IN AOVISING H.oURS - For 
help With career goals, Job hunting. resum~ 
preparation or exploring professional or graduate 
school opportunities. No apPOintment needed, just 
walk in to the Career Services Center. 
• MENTOR: If you're graduating thiS quarter. we 'lI 
match you with a professional In your field of Interest 
who Will get you started networking en the local job 
market. Sign up at reference room desk In the 
Career Scrvlces Center. 

Monday, Nov. 30 
• 11·12 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
INDIVIDUAL PEER COUNSEUNO with Chell. Orop by 
our office next to the Price Center Library Lounee or 
call 534-3978 to make an appointment 
• 2·3:30 p.m. - ROMANTIC SKIUS COPING 
GROUP: To teach ways to create and maintain 
relationships and overcome breakups. Leaders: 
Beverly Ha~u. 534-6493, and Dan Berkow. Call for 
sign up. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - MIND/ BODY CONNECTIONS: 
Becoming more aware of stress, self-defeating 
attitudes and habits and learning relaxation. Five 
week senes. Leader: Beverly HarjU . 534-3755. 

Tuesday, Dec. 1 
. 1·2 p.m - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL INDIVIDUAL 
PEER COUNSELING With Steve. Drop by our office 
next to the Price Center Library Lounge or call 534-
3987 . 
• 12:30 p.m. - WOMEN MOLESTED AS 
CHILOREN : A group for women survivors of 
childhood/adolescen t sexual abuse . Leaders : 
Mlflam losopovlci, 534-0255, and Jane Parr. Call for 
sign up. 

~ 
a : • 

Thr C D Guarclian 

• 1-2:30 p.m. - GROUP FOR OLDER 
UNDERGRADUATE AND RETURNING STUDENTS: A 
support group. Leader: David Blasband, 534-3987 . 
Call for sign-up. 
• 2 p.m. - ON-CAMERA INTERVIEWING FOR 
PROFESSIONAL/ GRADUATE SCHOOL - Practice 
on Video to Improve your OTKamera IntervieWing 
skills Sign up at Career Services Center second 
floor desk. 
• 34:30 p.m. - UNDERGRADUATE GROWTH 
GROUP: A group for undergraduate students whO 
have had indiVidual counseling and are ready to 
explore issues In a group context. Leaders: Lindsay 
Calderon. 534-0249. and Beverly McCreary. Call for 
sign-up. 
• G:30-8 p.m. - GrllCluM.,.~ and bisexual men', 
support group, A confidential weekly group exploring 
Issues of sexuality anslng for men in thelf graduate 
programs Led by Matt at Studenl Center B, lower 
level conference room. 

Wednesday, Dec. 2 
• 1-2 p.m. - Lesbian Gay and Bisexual peer 
counseling With David. Have a question? Want 
someone to talk to? Need a supportive environment? 
Drop by the Peer Counseling Office, located next to 
the Price Center Library Lounge . or call David 
Blasband at 534-3987 to schedule an appointment 
with e treined peer counselor. 
• 1·2:30 p.m.-GRADUATE MEN'SAHD WOMEN'S 
GROUP: This Is a group for graduBte students 
Interested In exploTlng relalJonships, academiC and 
professional issues , and personal concerns . 
Leaders: Miriam losupovlci. 534-0255. and Alvin 
Alvarez. Call for sign-up. 
. 2-4 p.m. - Alcohol.nd Substanc:. Abu .. drop-
In peer counsellne available with Nancy, Pnce Center 
peer counseling office . 2nd floor behind MAC's 
Place. If you or someone you know is having trouble 
With alcohol or drugs come by and talk With us. We 
can help. 
. 3-4 :30 p.m.-LOSS AND MOURNING: This group 
IS for students whO wiSh to explore new ways to 
grieve the death of a loved one . Leader: Robin Reed· 
Spaulding, 534'()256. Please call for sigo-up. 
• 3·4 :30 p .m . - CHICANO/ A LATINO/ A 
MULTICULTURAL SUPPORT GROUP: To discuss 
relatiOnships . familia. parents, economics, self· 
expectations and more . Leader: Dan Munoz, 534-
1579. 

I ,., 
I • 

C I • 

1-_.'-' I ,., 
I J 

• 3-5 p.m. - MEXICANA, CHICANA, LATINA 
SUPPORT GROUP: A group to discuss academic, 
personal and social experiences. Leader: Lindsay 
Calderon, 534-0249. Call for Slgn·up. 
• 3 p.m - MARI<ETABLE RESUME - Learn how 
to make a positive first Impression with yourresumlL 
• 56:30 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
WOMEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: A confiden ial weekly 
drop-in group open to all UCSD students. A fnendly 
atmosphere where you can openly diSCUSS queslJons 
of your sexuality Led by Cheli and Lisa at the Irvine 
Room, 2nd noor Pnce Center. 
• 6 :3IHI p.m.-GAY& BISEXUAL MEN'S SUPPORT 
GROUP: A weekly support group led by David and 
Steve In a safe, supportive and confidential 
environment. Student Center B, lower level 
conference room. 

Thursday, Dec. 3 
. 11:30 a.m. - JOB SEARCH 101- 80 percent of 
all JOb vacancies are unadvert ised. This workshop 
will teach you the most effective way to find them. 
. 12-1 p.m.- lESBIAHGAY AHD BISEXUAL PEER 
COUNSELING with Lisa. Drop by our office next to 
the Price Center Library Lounge or call 534-3987 to 
make an appointment. 
• 12,1 :30 p.m. - PAN-ASIAN COMMUNITY 
FORUM: Orop-tn group addressi na concems of Asian/ 
PaCific Islander students , Leaders: Jeneanne 
Manese, 534-3035, and Alvin Alvarez . 
• 2-4 p.m. - Alcohol and SuMtance AbuH drop-
In peercounsell"ll availablewith Angie, Price Center 
peer counseling office, 2nd floor behind MAC 's 
Place. If you or someone you know Is having trouble 
with alcohol or drugs, come by and talk with us. 
• 5-6:30 p.m . - COMMON GROUND - An open 
forum fo r lesbians, gays , bisexuals and 
heterosexuals . Everyone is encouraged to attend. 
Located In the Price Center Santa Barbara/Los 
Angeles Room. Led byCheli . Call 534-3755 for more 
Info. 

Friday, Dec. 4 
• 8·9 :30 a .m . - WOMEN MOLESTED AS 
CHILDREN: A group for survivors of childhood/ 
adolescent sexual abuse. Leaders : Beverly Ha~u , 
534-2237, and Rick Whitehill , 534-0248. Call for 
sigo-up 
• 2-4 p.m. - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
GROUP: Supportive environment for discussing 
problems related to alcohol and substance abuse. 
Leader: Dan Munoz, 534-1.519. Revelle Provost's 
Office. 
• 4-6 p.m. - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: Informal 
group for African-American students. Leader: Phil 
Raphael, 534-0252. Mountain View Lounge. 

Hcademic Services 
Monday through Friday 

. 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing Center is 
a free service for all UCSD students. We offer one-
to-one writing conferences for any type of writing 
project- academiC papers, personal statements, 
even stories and poems. Our staff of trained 
undergraduates. who come from a variety of 
academic disciplenes. can help you become a more 
effective wr iter. Call 534-2284 to make an 
appointment or drop by our office in the old Student 
Center, Bulldeng B, Room 21.4. 
• 8 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. (Friday -3 p.m.) - The OASIS 
language Program provides assistance to those 
doing work in Japanese, Genman, Spanish, French 
and Vietnamese . A diagnostic test on written English 
is available on request. Call 534-2284 for Info. 
. 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m . - The OASIS Scholara' Writhe 
Worle.hop provides free individual and group 
conferences to assist students With writing projects. 
SWW also offers free word processing facilities and 
computer assistance . Stop by York Hall 4010 or call 
534-734 4 to schedule an appointment. 
• 8 :30 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
Management Center help you this quarter with time 
management, note tak ing and editing, textbook 
analySis, memory, flexible / speed reading, 
vocabulary development and GRE/LSAT /MCAT 
verbal comprehension . Stop by York Hall 4010 or 
call 534-7344 to set up a personal appointment. 
Also, stay on the lookout for those valuable OASIS 
Study Skills Workshop and the GRE weekend 
specials. 
• 9 a.mA p.m . - The Associated Students 
Intetnshlp OffIce encourages undergraduates and 
graduates In all majors to take advantage of our 
services. Learn how an in ternship can provide you 
with the experience anC: job training that a classroom 
education cannot offer. We can also help you 
Improve your resum6, cover letter and resum6 
skills. Drop by our office or call 534-4689. Price 
Center 3rd Roor. Room 3.303. 

Dubs & Meetings 
Monday, Nov. 30 

• 9 a.m.·l p.m., 2-6 p.m. - Triton Yurbook SenIor 
Portraits In the Price Center Irvine Room. For more 
info. contact the Yearbook office, 534-7491. 
. 7 p.m. - MeF meets Monday at the Price Center 
Cove . Come and check us out! 
• 7 p.m. - LGBA Bu"nes. Meetl.,.. - Get 
involved With LGBA, you 'll make friends and have a 
great t ime. Make it your business! Meetings at 
WRC. 

WedneSday, Dec. 2 
• 12-1. p.m. - Adult Chldr.n of AIcoIIoIIcs CACA) 
12·step group meeting. The purpose ofthis group is 
to welcome and give comfort to children of alcoholics. 
Free, anonymous and confidential. Price Center 
Admin. 2nd floor above food court. Irvine Room . 
• 2p.m.-WeekJymeetingoftheRewlllCommut" 
AcIvIsoI'y Board at the Revelle Proyost's OffICe. 
• 4-6 p,m. - All welcome! Student Affinmative 
Action Committee MIg. Gallery A, PrIce Center. 
• 4-6 p.m,-W_'.S .............. Reception 
for all students with an interest in women's studies, 
the major, and the minor. Refreshments served. 

Monday. No,t'mbu :JO, J992 

. 7 p.m. - SCUBA CWB MEETINGI Mike Weakele. 
executive dlTector of Sea Camp, will &lve a slide 
show on marene mammals. Free rootbeer noats 
afterwards. Come and join the Sea Deucers. Sumner 
Auditorium at Scripps . 
• 9 p.m. - Come to Hardcore Student FHm Club 
meetings. MCC 139. · Cheaper than fratermtles, 
better than sex •• 

ThurSday, Dec. 3 
. 5:30 p.m. - W_', Resource Center weekly 
collect ive meeting en a safe, open space for women. 
Feminist discussions, empowenment. political 
activism, social change, support and education . 
Come hang out. Let's learn from each other. Old 
Student Center A, 534-2023, 

Fnday, Dec. 4 
. 2 :30 p.m. - Grove CaN Gene,.. MMtInC. 
. 2:30 p.m. - Native American Student Alliance 
(NASA) meets weekly at the Grove. Come aM get 
Involved! 

Health' Fit_ 
MondB}'-Friday 

• Do you want It fast? Do you want it easy? Get a 
FREE fit Stop physical fitness evaluation now by 
signing up on the second noor of Student Health. 

MondB}'-Thursday 
• According to Spencers ' The Fairy Queen. Cupid 
can compel love by mastery. But what does Cupid 
know about pelvic exams, STOs and birth control 
options? What do you know? Rndout at the W_', 
S.JluaI Hulth Info SeuIon. Student Health Service, 
Call 534-1824 . Mon. 2 p.m. : Tues . 10 a.m. and 1 
p.m.: Wed . 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. : Thurs. 10 a.m. and 
lp.m. 

Eruts' IImltin 
Friday, Dec. 4 

• 12 p.m. - The Program in Rel/gious Studies 
presents a seminar by Hillel Schwartz, visiting 
professor in the Department of History. The seminar 
Is ·Vanishlng Twins.· 

Tuesday-Saturday 
• 12-5 p.m. - "n,.. British Book Artl".: len 
Hamilton FInIa~, Tom PhI.lpe,I .. Tyson,· shows at 
the Mandeville Gallery. 
. 10 1 .m .-5 p.m. (10 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday) - Ten 
glass artists will show their work in a show titled 
"4th Ganemlon/5th DIIMMIonG .... • at the Grove 
Gallery. 

Tuesday, Dec. 1 
. 12 p.m. - "TroIk." (Ellen Lawson, soprano : John 
Danke , piano : Scott Paulson , oboe) present their 
sixth annual Staff Appreciation Christmas concert, 
featuring the music of Charpentier, Mozart and SO 
composer David Ward·Steinman. Mandeville 8-210, 
Free . 

Wednesday, Dec. 2 
. 7:30-9:30a.m. - TheW.rren College Commuter 
Breakfat Is back! Discuss commuter issues with 
fellow commuters! 50 cents for all you can eatl 2nd 
floor Lit. Bldg. Conference Room. 
• 12 p.m. - Lunch on the HWIIII - Come out and 
eat lunch with LGBA. Bring your own food. 
. 12 p.m . - Come watch PBS special on the life of 
ROller Revelle In the Revelle Commuter Lounge. 
Winter Intramural sign-ups and free Ice cream wil l be 
available. 
. 8 p.m . - UCSD Theater presents Vaclav Havel's 
"LARGO DESOLATO," an absurd comedy by the 
fonmer president of Czechoslovakia. This English 
version is by Tom Stoppard. Directed by second-year 
graduate student Debbie Falb. Call 534-4574. $6 . 
. 8 p.m. - UCSD Theater presents Anton Chekov's 
"UNCLE VANYA" as acting project directed by Prof. 
Walton Jones and featuring first year graduate 
actors . Call 534-4574 for info . 

Thursday, Dec. 3 
. 4 p.m . - Tony Harrilon, British playwright and 
poet. will read from his works. 3155 Literature Bldg. 
Free . 
. 8 p.m. - UCSDTheater presents Anton Chekov's 
"UNCLE VAHYA," 
.8 p.m. - UCSD Theater presents Vaclav Havel 's 
"LARGO DESOLATO.· 

Friday, Dec. 4 
• 7:30;10 a.m. - Eat a hearty brNk_t with 
pancakes for only $.50. Revelle Commuter Lounge. 
.9 a.m.-1. p.m. - Come to the Holiday Fill,. at 
Revelle Plaza and have brownies and free candy. 
. 8 p,m. - UCSD Theater presents Vaclav Havel 's 
"LARGO DESOLATO.· 
. 8 p,m. - UCSDTheater presents Anton Chekov 's 
"UNCLE VANYA." 

Saturday, Dec. 5 
. 2 p.m. - UCSD Theater presents Vaclav Havel's 
"LARGO DESOLATO." Also at 8 p.m. 
. 8 p.m. - UCSD Theater presents Anton Chekov's 
"UNCLE VAHYA," Also 11 p,m. 

Sunday, Dec. 6 
. 3 p.m. - Two free tours of tINt UCSD campus, 
one by bus , one on foot, are offered this fall by the 
UCSD Visitors Program. The bus tours are the first 
and third Sundays of each month from the Gilman 
Infonmation Pavilion . The walking tours are on 
alternate Sundays from the Gilman Infonmatlon 
Pavilion. Reservations: call 534-4414. 
. 7 p.m. - UCSD Theater presents Vaclav Havel's 
"LARGO DESOLATO.· 
.8 p.m. - UCSD Theater presents Anton Chekov's 
"UNCLE VANYA." Also 1.1 p.m . 

Religious FUDCtions 
Monday, Nov. 30 

• 7 p.m, - AIIIIrI AmeItcIIrI CIIrIstIIIrI Fellowship 
will have some sharing time. Refreshments provided 
afterwards. Held at Price Center Cove . 

Friday, Dec. 3 
• 12 p.m . - Islamic Friday Prayer in the Price 
Center. Call Yusuf at 450-4681. 

PageSl ~1onday, NcMmber 30, 1992 

Arena: 
Would a move to 
Division II 
athletics be 
worth the cost? 
''N thtng goes on 
her _ It might help 
pull the hool 
tog ther more." See pageS4 
Karen Liu, Warren Frrst~Year Student 

1HE MOSSEIt After a generation of leaching, research and selvice to the univel ity community, 
unmistakeable and irrepressible PE. Supervisor Bob Mos i retiring. Hi ideas and enthusiasm will 

continue to echo aero campus for yem , though, as will the ound of his laughter. 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 

S TOR Y BY B RET T R H Y N E, 

Twenl)'-one years ago, a bundle of laughter and enthusiasm named Bob Moss descended upon the UCSD campus, 
replete with a hatful of "great moments in sports," "instant 
photographs," and "sports legends." Through hi work here and in 
the communiI)', " The Mosser," also known as " Hubba," has 
personified the uiple pillars of the university: teaching. research, 
and seIVice. As Bob himself will tell you," a other campus 
personaIil)' has provided more positive impact, on so many 
students from so many backgrounds, than has Bob Moss!" 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Known for his wild hats and sunglasses, nOI to mention his 
booming ·'Hubba jubba!" greeting thaI can be heard across 
campus, The Mosser is leaving UCSD at the end of Ihis quarter. 
On the eve of his retirement, the Guardialllakes a look at Bob's 
career and work in the Physical Education Depanment, Third 
College, and the university. 

Hubba i a San Diego native, born here in 1939. He attended 
Lincoln High School and San Diego Stale, where he lettered in 
both fOOlooli and baseball while majoring in physical education. [t 
was during his junior year there that he met his wife, Edna, 31 

church, which he cnlls " the second gre..'1t miracle of m y life. The 
first was graduating in four yeru-s." 

He lhen wenl on 10 seIVe in Ihe Marines for four yean, and 
received his teaching credentials from Califomia Weslem 
University (now United Stales Intemational University)_ 
Following his military seIVice, Bob taught biology and co;tched 
various sports, first al his alma mater Lincoln High, then al 
Mi ion Bay High School. He abo Wa!> trained 10 be an umpire 
for major league baseball , and spent hi summers umping minor 
league games. 

Like many other African·Americans, Bob's underslanding of 
his own culture and his place in the dominanl while sociel)' began 
10 flourish in Ihe late 1960s. From 1968-70, he served as the fiTht 
African· American student motivation counselor at San Diego 
High School. and also laught black studies there. And while Bob 
has certainly experienced racial prejudice on personal as well as 
professional level , he prefers to put his dictum of " tum a negative 
into a positive" into practice here - his ethnic heril41ge is pan of 
whal brought him 10 UCSD. 

" 'n 1971 ," TIle Mosser says. " Jack Douglas was the affimlu, 
tive action guy under Chancellor M cElroy. TIleY were looking for 
a non· while P.E. supeIVisor. , was umpiring in Bakersfield. I flew 
in for the inleIViews - fi rsl with P.E. and then with Third 
College - and look Ihe bus back Ihe next day," Bob 'm ile.,. "1 
passed wi th flying colors." 

At tile time, 1l1ird College was just start ing out. tlying to reach 
oul to minorities and other diS;tdvantaged groups by employing a 
radically different. democratically·organized model of Ihe 
univer..ity. Those were heady times. with c;unpu~ unre.-,I acro~~ 
the nation ~purred on by the women's, civi l lights and anti·war 
movemenlS. Here al UCSD, the ideas and actions of Herbert 
Marcuse and Angela Davis fueled ~udent fires. Bob !.ay~, 
" Everybody in the college was politically active. Communiry 
meetings were held once a month. All kinds of issues would be 
taJked about. Even the white kids would show up." 

The white kids had to show up, because despite the efforts of 
Third College, there were very few minoril)' srudel1t~ on carn pu~ . 

See HUBBA, Page S5 

Swami Says: Seek Within 
Swami Chinmayananda'studied ancient Hindu cripture in the Himalayas and claim 
that Americans, students in particular, are taught the wrong messages by their 
educational institutions, Now he has come to UCSD to share hi controver ial view . 

See pageS2 



2 Monday, November 30, 1992 

Swami Says: Seek Within 
IN1ERVIEW: Swami 
Chinmayananda studied ancient 
Hindu scripture in the 
Himalayas, and is now working 
to hare hi controversial 
me sage with America 
By David Snow 
Associate Features Edilor 

Swami ChiTllllayallaruio , >l'ho spoKe oJ UCSD 
Oil Nol'. 20 allli 21, is {III expolletU {f VedJ.lnk1, a 
sclrool of Hilldu plulosoplry. {I young 1II0Tl , Ire 
I\'orkedasojoumalist, {Ow spellt time in prisollfor 
Iris illm/l 'ell/ellt ill fluiici s illdepeTltkll e "1O\'e-
mellt. WlUle ill priSOIl. he became illleresred ill the 
II!i/chlllgS ofSwallli SiI'CJIUJIICW, alld 
III)()/l his release JOIll"//( 'ed to Ihe 

mind in devotion and reverence. 
DoJOUtl*llktIWtdueb .......... .. 
........ 1It? 

These are only important bccause of the differ-
ent types of students. The prophets were not inter-
ested in immortalizing their own words or their 
books. They were anxious to care for the students 
who were in front of them. They tone d wn their 
explaining to uit the acceptance of the students. 

Thu~. when Je'>U was trying to tal~ , it is not that he 
never underslood the Yoga and the higher prin-
ciplesoflife. But it so happened that brael had only 
poor, humble. imple fishermen of Galilee. So his 
audiencewa\ '>Oelementary, thru he tried to explain 
in an elementary way. J~t as in the classroom, the 
teacher wi ll know the higher physi '. but he will 
not use it. to comedown to the level of the student. 

impure. Too much lawlessness. covetousness, 
hatred.jealousies. greed. passions. lust inourmind. 
And therefore we disturb the equilibrium and 
balance of nature around us. 
But do ,... ... tIIIII _ W. ....... 
MIl ..... peopIeturMCto,...... 
_.,framlt? 

ature i trying to give you more and more 
doses of sorrow. hoping thai your rational intellect 
willmalce you pause for a moment and study. You 
Icnowthat in the 'SOsand in the '70s the animal lust 
was so rampant in this country. Boy and girl. girl 
and boy, you Icnow thai sort. Man could not have 
corrected it. Rules could not have corrected it How 
could we correct it?TheLord would like to help us. 
Who do you thinlc made u have that ... AIDS? 

ature aided mankind. Ortee the AIDS has come, 
uddenly the whole country has 

become morally strong. It is one 
I"molayas to \"Isil tile Swami. His 
/IIttial s~eptidsm SOOIl filmed to de-
\'olion and he hlls rrm'eled Ihe world 
('1'er sil/('('. letrllring al/d teGehlllg 
Ihe prillciples of Vedanta. SlI"wlli 
Chi"mayanUlula ilas established 
II lissioll hl!lIdip/lII1I'rs ill llll/lly Allle,;-
ClIII cities, illcllulin,~ San Jose. Culi-
{"mia. /1(' claillls lllOt Ameril'lllls, 
pm1iCIIIUliy ~tl/(lellls, (Ire IO//gllt IiiI' 
wrong 1II('ssage.1 ".I' their wcilll lind 
eduCCltiollal il/sl;t/m·ol/s. Hl! spoke 
lI'itil /tlmcitltl! Felit/II"{'s &litorDl/I'id 
SIIOII' fII/ N()I '. 20. 

"In your university, did they ever 
tell you that you must rise above 
selfishness .... be human? They 

will never say it bee ... it is not in 
the textbook. So all we have got is 
institutes where instructors come 

of the greatest l.OITOWS of thi 
country, of the younger genera-
tion. Once that has come, moral-
ity - anificial , though - has 
suddenly come to the country. 

obody i confident of the other. 
The boy i uspiciou of the girl, 
the girl is equally uspicious of 
the boy. 
WhIIt~ .......... 
~doyouflndnlOll'" 

~to~ 

May I record ... con~ ... 
lion? 

I say nothing in secret. 

and give you some data about how 
to fill up your belly. How do they 
feed the inner nature of ........ ?" 

This practice to whip up your 
desires. Each individual oying to 
fulfill all hi desires - selfish 
desires. And there is no society. 
Ea h individual is separate from 
all the others. So very compli-
cated, there is all individuals and 
no a community or society for 

Tel me about your ftrst trip to 
the HIINlIa, .. to see the 
Sw.ni Slv ....... 

A any other young man. I had 
Illy doubts about religion; about what exactly 
C IlStituted Hinduism. Qu lions were in my mind 
- ju;,t a\ every Chri,tian ha.., got hi, own dou~. 
rSiv,m:mda/ wa, one of the great propagatoo of 
Hindui;,m. and there~ re let me try to pick up the 
'Ul.,we~ to my queM ion,. But when I went there ... 
I had to act 3.\ If a member of the organization. I 
really ;,tarted living th~t life. I ;,uddenly felt that thi~ 

W'l~ a valuable way ofliving. Even though I didn't 
understand it , I got the gi,t of II - this was a great 
feeling of mine. Then lowly I ~taned Mudying, 
questioning the other ~tudents, qLJe.'>tioning the 

wanli. And I becanle more and more in.,ide 
Ihndul,m ... 
Your literature sa,. that ,our teachlncs 
wlllleaci to a greater appreciation of all 
religions of the wortd. How could thl. 
be? 

Because the difference is only in the ritual. or 
the ;,hape of your house of Gad. A temple is not like 
a church. a church is not like a mosque. A Mullah 
looks totally different from a Father, and both of 
thenl are totally different fTom the pundit. The 
ri tual" the aller, these are all different. But aI/have 
got an alter. And all go there to try to quiet their 

We paid a million 
dollars for the 
answers to this 
year's lSAr, GRE, 
GMAT and MeAT. 

-Swami Chlnmayananda 

Similarly, in the ca.'lC of Buddhi m, Buddha was 
a~ing the highest type of intelligent, and 
therdore it b of a much higher order. So each 
master. when his time conles. he addresses the 
community in front of him. And therefore the 
M-Tiptures and the approaches appear to be differ-
ent. 
And V.-rta Is the one prIIIdpIe fJ# truth 
.ICOI." _ .. alia ,......? 

bactly. 
As the WOItd becomes ..... 
con,,*ated, .. people .,. 
CIOINICmore ............ OII .... 
.. ... ..ted In JOW' m I( I1,I? 

The world is not complicated. It i 
man who is complicmed. The world 
and the ~un and the moon and the 
tars are not complicated. TIle plant 

kingdom and the animal kingdom 
are not complicated. Whal is chang-
ingisthatman isaSlupid man. So that 
all the sorrows that you are seeing in 
tile world. including the disturbance 
in the ecology. is nO! because the 
world i bad, but our mind is also 

W e ~p\! l1d over a IllilliOIl d()lIa r~ each year ,.e~ea,.ch-
111 £ t c~t~. updating cour~e 
material>. training tcacha, ,lilt! 
evaluating ~tudent s . No wonder 
no other com pall} g tl ;lrantee~ 
the ,cort! illlprovcmcl1 ts wc do. 
Call110w to Illa\"c our invcst-
ment payoff for you. 

----

The Answer To 
S.andardize d Tes.s. 

(619) 695·9952 

the child The father wants his 
satisfaction, the mother also equally wants it. The 
child also wants his satisfnction. Selfless lovei the 
remedy - bring everybody together. 
Do you .... W. ........ I .........., 
....... In the UnIted ..... ? 

o.lt is universal today. It was, before. But 
today it i universal. Even in South Af-
rica. even if you go to the tribal 
people, selfishn has be-

BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. 
We're run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

au.diM 
AdYertlslnc 
534-3411 

Sunnner Session 
Cambridge., England 

July 4 -August 7, 1993 
A tradition of excellence. 

Set your stghts on a summer of learning steeped In rich hlslory , 
culture and beauty. UCl 's Summer Session In Cambridge, now in its 
seventeenth year. IS ftve adventurous weeks of enrichment. You'll 
earn eight UC units Sludylng the famous art and archItecture. hIs lory 
and commerce of England at Pembroke College. Explore Brltaln 's 
remarkable castles and museums. theaters and landmarks wllh new 
frrends from all over the v.orld. 

Take part in th tradition. 
tart planning now for a mash.i.ng lOonIer ahroad. 

To find out more, please call UCI Summer Session offtce at 

(714) 8 5 6-54 93 
or write c/o POBox 6050, Irvine, Californta 92716-6050 

Tht' CSO GlianLian SPECTACLE 3 

come a universal motive for action. 
Because nobody is telling anybody 
- in your university did they ever 
tell you - that you must rise above 
selfishness and be human? They 
will never say it. because it i not in 
the te tbook. So all we have got is 
institutes, where instructors come 
and give you some data and infor-
mation [about) how to fill up your 
belly. What about the salient person-
ality? How do they feed the inner 
nature of man to bring the bener and 
higher values? The higher possibili-
tiestocomeoutofyou?Onlyareyou 
told that you need ajob by which you 
then get your own livelihood. 0 
morJ.l.ity_noethi .noprinciples.So 
the world has become lawless. 0 
compassion, no tendemes~. no 
mercy. We are taught that might is 
right: that if you haveagun. itdoesn't 
maner what happens to other human 
beings. lllat sort of a civilization of 
muggers is not really that which can 
bring about peace and prosperity. 
Buttoday.opentheworldmap.cJose 
your eyes, and put your fmger any-
where. In any of these areas, you will 
find there is a war going on. 

So to bring about a concept of 
peace and tranquility, the values of 
life must be changed. [We must 
study) the great, mighty men who 
have formed society. How did they 
live? In what spirit of sacrifICe did 
they live? So that they can serve 
others. And life's goal i not in ac-
quiring and possessing and keeping 

"1be Americans are very bright. they have got a 
hunger to know these thing&. When you explain 

[Vedanta] they give you all the attention and grasp 
the idea. But, alas, even if they got the idea, they 

have not the ability to live it. Why? The 
temptations. All developed nations have got 

these temptations all laid out." 

COSTA 
VERDE. 
( ARWASH 

and enjoying for yourself, but how 
much you're giving to society. 
Are AmMcM sdIDoIs not tead*C these 
values? 

Really, those Americans that have come under 
my influence, they have totally changed. It i a 
question of guiding them. They have never heard 
of these ideas. And they never were given a chance 
to thinIc in terms of them. So not only have they 
never seen anything like this, but they thinlc. "I 
must acquire more possessions and become that 

multi-billionaire." That is all they are thinking. 
Do you tnlAmerical. to be WI)' 

apIrttuIII people? 

KatJe Roe/ Guardi8fl 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
0- Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Co.ta Verde Blvd •• 587·4844 

e 
WE IIICYClE 
OUII WI< TIll 

• .... UCSD 

• 
La Joll. Villa,. Dr. UTe 

I. II 
z. e J I"u., Dr. ., 

TIley are potentially very ~piritual. But at thh 
moment. .. [laughs I they 'Ire never given a chance. 
A1e_spHuaICOIl'IIB'edtothe~ 
_ ? 

In fact. Europe:lll~aredu ller. They are dul I. TIle 
American are very bright. They have got a hunger 
to know these things. When you explain it. they 
give you all tile anention, and grasp the idea. But, 
alas, even if they got the idea, they have not the 
ability to live it. Why? The temptations. 
Where .. tempt....,... the 1trorCest? 
1ha IMII8d states? 

All developing nations. I won't say 
in America only. WhataboutGermany? 
What about Paris? What about lon-
don? All developed nations have got 
these temptations all laid out. These 
tern ptat ions are also com ing to the de-
veloping nations in Asia and India In 
Arabia also. But they have got already 
a spiritual background, and a large ma-
jority of people are still living [it]. 
If you could gtve .. piece fJ# 
.tvIce to a fnasb ........... 
hIIppy Itudent, whIIt would It 
be? 

Tell the tudenlS, whatever they are 
doing, please bring your mind where 
yourhandsareworlcing. You don't put 

p 
p 

/) 
II 

-Swami Chinmayananda 
your minds with your hands. and M> economically 
America is going down. Attention is always W'Ul-
dering. You do one thing. but your mind is at lea.\! 
10 kilometers away. So you are an automatic .Uld 
111 ind less creature. 
Is that the aec:retto IUCC8SS, bring1ngyour 
"*'" to your .... ? 

Not only to success, but genius. Why is il that 
Eiru.tein is such a geniu '7 When he was in the 
laboratory. his mind was totally there. thereforehil> 
excellence in perfoJ1nance. Masterpiece of an -
who malces it? The aIle who is standing there in 
front of the canvas with his mind everyWhere? So 
Nissan is a better carthan your Ford llaugh~]. Here. 
it i only "we get 45 dollars per hour, how can we 
get 55 an hour?" When the mind of an individual 
is distracted, his efficiency goes down, and he is 
marked for failure in life. If such people constitute 
acommunity, that community cannot [have) pride. 
If it is a nation ... llaughs] doomed for disaster. 
Do you have any c:rIIIcs wItI*I the .... 
community? 

Me? Daughs] They never collle in front of me. 
They may criticize me in their own private home. 
But if they come to me, [will tallc tothem,and meet 
aU their questions. Some people do not come near 
me. They con ider me dangerous and therefore 
they don't come even for my lectures, because I if 
they did) they would want to change. 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHEll SU 2000 • DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------

: • Full Service $ 99 
8.5 X 1 t · 201 white 

autofeed or self serve 

! ~?~6~ P~!! 1!lt~ 3~ ... 
I C~RWASi1 NcilVIIid ... ",,~.. SAVE $4,01 
I EIpw- 12131092 I _______________________ J 

1025 Prospect Ave. Sle. 250 454 9711 
IN LA JOLLA • 
VALIDATION - UNDERGROUND PARKING 



Th.. C 0 Guardian Monday. NoVt'lIlber :$0. 19<)2 

t 
...,e 

~D 
It 

It would 
improve this 
school' compe, 
tition and Photos and Interviews by Jennifer Matthews 

No, because if 
the teams want 
to do it and feel 
they are up to 
the challenge, 
they should 

pr tig. In 
general, I be, 
lieve the administration should pay 
more attention to scx:ial and athletic 
endevors. 
Dawn Switzer, Fifth Senior 

Would a move to 
Division II athletics 
be worth the cost? 

have the right to play in the toughest 
division. 
Dan Cmwin, Revelle Senior 

It would 
allow our 
teams to 
compet ona 
level more on 
par with their 

on d1 am d 
n. ) l ring. W 

Well, we 
have th be t 
Divi i n III 

h I in the 
nati n. N 
use t mping 

1111ats. por ar No. I don't fe 1 it will improve the tudent body. 
kilL But it might al 0 tum us into 

another school of lobbering, beer, 
swilling, hirtle ,painty,faced 
ports fan bozos. 

k p b 3ting th 
sam teams over and over. 
Brian DOllovan. Warrell Sophomore 

Ea h U i dift r nt, and ur h 1 h uld up' 
hold d1 tradition fa non,athletic ch 1. 
Autumn Burke , Third o/)homore Adam Bolton, WroTen Sophomore 

Saturday 

LIVEI 
Howie Mandel 

Dec. 12 - 8 pm 
Alvin & The 

\ 
~-----"""'--~ ..... -- -""'--

"A Chipmunk Christmas;; 
Golden Hall Sat., Dec. 19· 3 & 7 pm 

236·6510 77C.Uf~~~. 278-TIXS 
MAY CO"""".N'f' fTO W EA ' Mua,c PLU • 

. .. eet WHI!" Houe" toc..Uo ... 

CIVIC THEATRE 
D~:~O CONCOURSE 

GET RELIEf ••• GET RESVL TS .•• GET HEALTHY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
SIl1c(' 1980, the ~o.ll 01 our prdctlce 11.1, 

/)(' ('11 III rind and ren!OVl' tht' cause ut 
) mil 111:',I/rl1 pmblem. r,1I/lI" than ju,t 
"lUptOn! r('/Iet - - \\lIt/lOut co tly drug, or 
'ulger)'. " 

• Siudellt ~ r Jcul ly Oi,counl .. 
• Au to, Work & Sport, Inlllrte> 
• In,ur,lnce A cepled 
• Open Daily 9 .lm-7 pill 

Jnd Salurday 

CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
"lO·( OST tNlTlAl "PINM EXAM 

AND CONsUL T A TlON 
8899 University (enter Lane, Suite 150 

10CJtcd at 1-5 and La j011a Village Drive 
aeros:; (rom HyaU Aventine 

Conducled by Ihe UnIverSIty 
of San DIego SpanIsh language 
al all levels . EducatIon. Art. 
HIspanIc Studies, History , L, tera-
ture. POllllcal SCience Cross -
Cultural Studies Weekend 
excursIOns TUIllon for 1·8 unIts 
$650 . undergraduate. $690 . 
graduate Live With a MeXican 
Host Family Hotel and apart-
ments also available 

Write or Call 
GUADALAJARA SUMMER SESSION 

UnIversIty of San DIego 
5998 Alcala Park 
San Diego, CA 92110-2492 

(619) 260-4598 

:t T JjJ1lJnlvel'Slly 
'(ry-' or &n Dic~ 

,\1un.la~ . OHllIbl'r 30. 1 (1)~ 

HUBBA: The 
intellectual hi toryof 
a phy ical guy 
Continued from page 51 
"1 would probably have five 00Il-
while srudems Ihe whole year:' Bob 
re aliI>. '"My minority ~tudents were 
peclul admits. [Third College 

provost] Joe Watson was anti-P.E., 
and rightfully so. TIfese srudents were 
uying hard to keep up academically; 
they couldn't ~pend lime in P.E. 
classes." 

If the students wouldn't come to 
TIle Mosser, llle Mosser would go to 
the students. "My first year here,l gO( 
on every comminee I could flOd." he 
says. "Graduation, admi ions, 
community relations comminees. I 
was !he only P.E. supervisor doing 
that SlUff. After my second year. 
though, I was warned about spending 
too much time in meetings and nO( 
enough tin-.e teaching P.E. At first 1 
thought this was an insult. but !hen I 
realized there were O(her ways to have 
an effect" 

It was at!hi time that Bob's 
interest in hi cultural roos came to 
the fore. He met UCSD Psychology 
Professor Charles Thomas, "the father 
of black psychology. Do you 
remember, he was murdered a couple 
of years ago," Bob recall>. He also 
returned to school, getting his M.A. in 
counselor education at San Diego 
Stale University. 'That's also when I 
got my education in black histoty, in 
the psychology of being black." 

Hubba' 

Oan McDowell(G"",dI8l1 
For The Mosser, "It's always a great day at the ballyard." 
by !he grem educational philosopher with ot~." 
John Dewey, bul with a uniquely In classes, lhese conceplS are 
Mossian twist: broughl home in myriad ways, again 

• Moss stresses the inseparable focusing on the continuum (ralher 
rel:llionship between self~onfidence. !han lhe dichotomy) between 
enthusiasm and laughter. He makes "internal" and "external" or "mind" 
no distinction between the "inner" and "body." One technique employed 
experiences of these and the "outer" is the "Utilization of Mentallmag-
manifestations. Therefore, outer cry," where athletes fonn mental 
enthusiasm reflects inner confidence. pictures of what they are going to do 
and "Iaffter" is the best display of thm before they do il. and the physical a t 
enthusiasm. lhen repli ates the mental image. 

• Because of this, there is no Another pioneered technique is the 
difference between "genuine" "mirror box," a four-sided Plexiglass 
confKience and "bravado," since, as chamber with refleclive outer walls. 
Bob says, "At flfSt, we must ' fake it' Students practice activities within 
to make it" sight of the box. and the images lhey 

• There is an unbreakable loop see of themselves provide po itive 
between what we do and how we feel, reinforcen-.ent of good penormunce. 
so "exhibited enthusiasm encourages Bob maintains that this "bio-refleclive 
enhanced excellence." feedback·' help!> SLUdents "experience 

• Bob's emphasi on the socialJy accelerated learning of their activity 
skills." 

experiences in 
leaching, athletics and 
coun.<;eling, in 
addition to his life-
long cultuml 
experiences, are what 
helped him to create 
hi theOl)' and 
prdCtices of personal 
motivation and 
excellence. Students 
who have laken one 
of Bob's courses. 
including softball, 

Along these lines is the 
"insk1J1t photograph," a point 
where Moss SlOpS the action 
so students Crul look al what 
people are doing when Ihey 
are di playing confidence. 
"People are encouraged to 
pose for their 'photo' while 
styling extreme gC!>tUl'C!> of 
laughter and enthusiasm." 
Bob say~. Over the pa . .,t 20 
years he has "photographed" 
over 100,000 people. Bob (center) poses with some current "'egends." Mo s ha~ abo brought 

many notable professional :,pollS 
figures 10 UCSD 10 ~peak 10 hi 
classes and to show lhe positive 
results of enthusia!>m andself-
confidence. Among these have been 
Oakland A's Coach Tommy 
Reynolds ( 1992). broadcaster and 

lenni and motor skills, have been 
exposed to his idiosyncratic (some 
would say eccentric) ideas and 
methods of in~iJling self~onfidence, 
becoming more highly mO(ivated, and 
excelling in action. 

In many ways, Bob's pedagogical 
techniques embody principles set out 

construcled mIller than the innale, on 
leaming rather than in bom ability, 
leads him 10 argue that. "self-
confidence is a learnable kill." 

• Lastly, since we are all part of a 
community and we all have a 
re ponsibility to that community, 
"Great leaders share their enthusiasm 

J.E.T.~~~ - J ® Time is ,~ . 
Running 0 u f ... 

Applications for the 7th annual JAPAN EXCHANGE AND TEACHING 
(J.E. T) PROGRAM are being accepted now until December 15, 1992. 

? Would you like to live abroad, but don't think you can afford the time 
or money? 
? Would you like to have an active and respected role as a teacher in 
a Japanese community? 
? Would you like to be part of one of tje world's largest grassroot~ 
elfons to build international understanding and friendship? 
This is J.E. T. The experience is well worth the time (1500 J.E.T. 
participants are renewing for another year) . Monthly stipend covers your 
expenses. And, Japanese language proficiency is not required. 
For information/an application, call J.E.T at the Consulate General of 
Japan, 213-624·8305, x36, or UCSD Opportunities Abroad at 534-1123. 

You WI! need. All unde!graduate transaipts. 2 recommendallOflS, and a 2-page (max.) essay. 

See HUBBA, Page S6 

NOTICE OF 
COASTAL 

COMMISSION 
PUBLIC HEARING 

Date and Location: Friday, 
December 1" 1992 
9:00 am 
Holiday Inn - Financial District 
750 Kearney Street 
San Francisco, CA 
Project Description: Construc· 
tion of three additional green-
houses, approximately 1,500 sq. 
ft. each, on a portion of the site 
developed with the 6.5 acre 
Biology Field Station at UCSD. 
Project Location: Northeastern 
corner of UCSD's Main Campus, 
just west of Interstate 5 and 
north of Miramar Road, North 
City, San Diego, San Diego 
County. 
Applicant: University 01 
California, San Diego 
Protect No.: 6·92·228 
The project application is 
available for public review at the 
Commission's office, 3111 
Camino Del Rio North, Suite 
200, San Diego, CA 92108. 

SPECT \CLE S~ 

NOW IN alana beach 
.37 S. HWY. 101 STE. 501 
IN THE aEACHWALK CENTER 
7t2-1!553 

LA JOL LA 
928 SILVERADO 5T 
454-8977 

GOOD COFFEE 
50% off coffee drinks with this ad 

(ell pl,e. dec. 30,1992) 

L 
I 
V 
E 
M 
U 
S 
I 
C 

ROBERT"S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619)27.)-ll:l2 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am·5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

• 

Wt ust' at'ICI recommend Kendall • 
IubflCaniS 10 OUI c U51omer1 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs· with this coupon 

-Except mnlor and tran ml Ion o\'crhoul. 
Not .alid with .ny othor coupon. 



6 PECT ACLE 

IT DOE. 'T TAKE A BRAI SURGEO TO 

ACE mE MCAT 
IT TAKE: A PRINCETON REVIEW STUDE T 

:\wragt' ~lorL' IIIC/'{'{/Se of J{) jJ<'IH'/I/il<, [>(1/11/.1' 
Arlu:i1 .1Ie: IT 1I1lI/('n(/ls 
\0 i1l()ll' lh:tn 15 SIIIt/(,lI/S /IeI' c/liSS 
2 /-'111/ L('/lglll l)i;tgn<l.~(1t TL'~b 
2 I Jt/ll /.('/I.Wh I)i:lgn()~(ic Tl'~(~ 
.'i-II·('el' CfJIII/J/l.·/Je/lsi1'(, 1'(''';('11' of all (Ill' f.rth you 'lI 

need to :lCt' thl' \IC:\T 

THE 
PRINCETON 

-- ---

REVIEW 

695-9952 
TIlE PRlN ETO, REVIEW- WE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME 

,---------

: C. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
1 
I 
1 
I 
I 

Self-serve or full-serve. single-sided, 
8,S" x II" black and white copies on 
20 lb. white bond. Ooc coupon per 
cUSlOmcr. Not valid withothcroffcrs. 
Expires 11-30-92. La Jolla Idnko's 

Kinko's ... the place to copy 
• Quality copies t Full color copies 
• Macintosh computer svcs. t I.B.M. computer svcs.· 
• Poster Siled copies· t Binding & fmi hing 
t Fax & mailing services t Volume discounts 
t Free pick-up & delivery t 10 San Diego Locations 

• some services may vary by 51011:. 

457-]775 • La Jolla 
8849 Villa La 1011a Dr. #301 

Arlists that listen. 
BeJore y o",. "ext bail' nppoilltme llttbillk 
abolltlbese qllestiolls ... 
Q. II htll I ' \' "II l'tllI '/" lI l'.; 

11>1/1 \'''// /1 ',1/1/ If I" 
( 1I II/llllIt ' t/f1n H! ~ 

Q. 

Q. 

II I '{II I, 1"11/11' h,lIr 
/ /,,'I /.t; 1/1111 \ U /I .t, /11 I 
/I { I/II If III 1>, . ""II/.t; , 

II ",, /t! p." 1:1. .•. ' '' " /,' 
I h ll /t; 111''' · (II /d tfll/, ·rt 'lIl 

Look y ow' /Jest el'el: 
MensCuts $4 
OFF 

WomensCuts 
$5 

OFF 
HAIR 

SKIN 
NAILS 

The UC 0 Guardian 

U.C.S.D. 
STUDENTS 

"NAME OF THE GAME" 
.. 005 GOVERNOR DRIVE 

( .... I .. ~. " Von 's and ThrinyJ 
558-2666 

... 19 (;ARNET AVE. 
272-GAME 

COMIC BOOKS 
S I' EH NES • NI NTENDO • GENESIS 

SI'OHTS .~ NON-SPORTS CA HUS 

I'M \li E " \'01 R OI .n TITI.ES .. O R I/O I' EW HE LI::AS t:S 

Coming soon' Japanese Anlmllrlon MOille Rentals 

'fum your extra time into extra cash. 
PART-TIME TELLERS/ 

TELESERVICING 
REPRESENTATIVES 

OPEN HOUSE 
Bank of America is hiring part-time Tellers throughoul San Diego 
County. We can offer you • A variety of work schedules. up to 19 
hours per week • Competitive salarie • Opportunity to earn 
incemive pay • Multiple locations available including' 

• DEL MAR • EL CAJON 
• KEARNY MESA • LA JOLLA 
• MIRA MESA • RANCHO BERNARDO 
• SOLANA BEACH • SORRENTO V ALLEY 
• NORTH PARK • CHULA VISTA 
• SAN CARLOS • LEMON GROVE 
• PACIFIC BEACH • MISSION VALLEY 

• CARMEL MT RANCH 

TELESERVICING REPRESENTATIVES 
Resolve customer inquires via telephone. Requires customer service 
e~perience and e~ce llenl verbal communication ski lls. Computer 
skills helpful. La 101la location. Variety of work schedules up 10 19 
hours per week. Competitive salaries. 
Take advantage of this ucellenl opportunity by tes ting and 
interviewing with us on the following date: 

Wednesday, December 2nd, 
8:30AM to 4:30PM 

10089 Willow Creek Road, San Diego, CA 
Directions: Exit the 15 Freeway at Carroll Canyon Road and head 
Easl. Turn right at Businesspark Ave .. go one block. tum left al 
Willow Creele Road. Our building is on the ri ght hand side of the 
street (Securily Pacific Corporation). The Employment Office is 
localed on lhe fi rst floor in lhe counyard by the double elevators, 
Suite 1020. Banle of America is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 

m Bank of America 

Monday, No\'ember 30, 1992 

HUBBA: Agiant 
in his field 
ContInued from .,... S5 
fonner San Diego Padre Tim 
Rannery (1991), and p.Jdre Coach 
and Manager Greg Ri<kloch (19 7. 
'89. and '90). Professional basketball 
players and coaches have included 
Se;mle SuperSonics Assis!a/11 Coach 
Bob Kloppenberg (1988), San Diego 
Clipper player AI Wood (1985), and 
Clipper Head Coach Paul Silas 
(1984). 

Examples of seLf-confidence 
leading 10 improved perfonnWlCe 
don'l only come from the mnks of 
professionals. Bob uses fornler 
students -" potts legends" - as 
volunteer reaching assi lants in 
ensuing classes. He say~. "During the 
past 15 or so years, c10:.e 10 150 
rudents have served as T As for my 

softball and lennis classes. Most often. 
they were recruited as they success-
fully completed a particular course. In 
return for their volunteer services. 
students were guaranleed the 
opportunity to assist in facili tating an 
enthusiastic and po 'itive classroom 
environment. " 

The enthusiasm is not only evident 
in lhe "legends" or the pedagogical 
lechniques Moss uses. It is also 
evident in the way he runs a class. 
Laughter abounds. All students, on all 
skill levels. are encouraged 10 laugh as 
displays of self-confidence. Students 
watch themselve ' laugh in Ihe mirror 
box: this is an immediate confidence 
builder as they C;U1 then intemalize 
Ihrough vi~ualization lhis grealest 
outward expression of enthusiasm. Of 
course, Bob will often punctuate a 
"great momenl in pons" on Ihe field 
with a booming "Hubbajubba!" and a 
hearty belly laugh. 

Only 53, Mo ' has opted for the 
UC's "Take 5" early retirement 
progmm. and will teach his l~t cl~ 
at UCSD on Thursday. However, he 
will by no means cease to spread the 
laughler/enthu iasm/self.confidence 
word. "I have five conferencel. 10 
anend in 1993 nationwide." he say . 
"I plan on dOing a lecture series: 
'Self-Confidence Mentoring', 'The 
Sharing of Enthusiasm '. 'The Magic 
of Mentallmagery·. and 'T ffiIl'iCend-
ing Multicultural Baniers· ... 

He~p~to~omem~ 
involved with professional sports and 
other organizarions whose members 
could use motivation. "I will make 
every effort to have an impacl on the 
Padres' minor and major league 
ballplayers, as well as market myself 
to organizations who can use my 
services." 

Bob is considering broadcasting as 
well. "I'm negOl.iat ing with Mighty 
690 radio to act as a window for them 
to the African-American community. 
Hopefully, this will lead to my own 
talk show." 

Hubba will also be doing some 
writing. He wants 10 rewrite his book 
Loff 4 Rx: The Magic in Ollr lDffrer. 
He also wanlS to fmish severai lexlS 
he has been working on, including 
Tile Psychology of Spons Officiating 
and Motil'(lIionai Speciali:ation in the 
World ofSpons. 

In his softball classes, Bob 
rcquiIed thtIl ~ player wear a 
b8sebaII ap; IQ only did 1M make 
die students fceI me« professional, it 
also allowed !he players to tip their 
caps after they made an exceptionally 
good play. The Mosser would Slop 
the action. point 0\Il the "great 
moment in sports," and lead the class 
in a chant 

After 21 years of great moments, 
the students of UCSD now stop the 
action. tip our caps to Hubba. and say. 

L-_ ____________________ ---J "Bob, rail!" 

Monday, November 30, 1992 The UCSO Guardian 

Fencers A Hit at Halfway Point 
By Grea Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD 
fencing learn is 
catching ils 
breath after a 
sterling fir I 
half of lhe sea-
son. 

The women 's team reached lhe half· 
way mark with a perfecl record of 7-0 
in the conference. putting them in lhe 
driver' seat the rest oflhe season. 

Yumi ishiyama and Moriah 
McCauley have both been outstanding 

H20 POLO: 
Tritons fmi h in ixth 
place at NCAA Finals 
Continued from page 14 
loumamenl. 

alu and ophomore George 
Hegarty ored two goal each for 
UCSD. a1u flllished the season with 
107goo1s.exlendinghisownclubrecord. 
Pepperdine's Alex Asta led alJ scorers 
with four goal . 

UCSO's ixth-place finish at the 
CAA tourney capped an OUl!.tanding 

season for the young Tritons. UCSD 
opened the season with a school-record 
l4-game winning streak. including two 
victories over WWPA rival Air Force. 

for the Trimns. each rolling up 22-3 
records so far. 

Rory Velasquez is 10-7 this year. 
Justin Cogan is 84 and Alicia Fraga is 
6-10 on the season. 

On the men's ide. the foil team is 
also perfect this year. matching lhe 
women's 7-0 marl<. The epee squad i 
6-1. wh ile the saber team is 4-3. 

Chri Moody and Aaron She I 
lead Ihe men wilh 19-2 individual 
records. Jeff Schiffman and Tom 
Powell both boast 13-8 mark , while 
Doug Saqui is 12-9. Trevor Oppliger is 
9-9 on the !>easOJI. 

The second halfis critical to UCSD' S 
postseaSOn hope . The team travels to 
'orthwestem for a chance 10 fence 

againSi East Coast powers in a meet thai 
UCSD Head Coach Allison Reid said 
"is really importanl for CAA meet 
pots.IShebesti and [Moody] have the 

snongest ch.1I1Ce . bul we've gOl other 
people who have a ch3llCe also." 

Reid i more 1h.1Jl optimislic about 
her team' chances. "We have a very 
strong region. bul wc've been improv-
ing at an amazing rale. TIte 1e.'IJ11 has 
ne\/erbeenthissnong before,"thecoach 
said. 

On Ocl. 24. the Triton defeated 
Long Beach State in ovenime. 11-10. 
The victory, earned at Long Beach 
State's honle pool, was UCSD's first 
over the 4gers in the program's hislory. 
On Halloween night, the Tritons re-
pealed the perfonnance. routing the 
4gers before a boisterous home crowel 
11-5. 

George Hegarty scored two goals for UCSD against Pepperdine. 
Trailing after three periods. UCSD the year and UCSD's head coach ince 

Staged a dramatic comeback, winning 1 980. has led IheTritons to three eM 
the game in sudden-<iealh overtime, 9- tournament appearances. Harper has 
8. The win over Air Force gave UCSO compiled a 2 15-1854 record during hi, 
the WWPA title and an automatic berth 13-year tenure. a .537 winning percent-
in the CAA championship tourna- age. 

After waltzing 10 easy viclories in 
the ftrSt two rounds of the WWPA 
champion hip • UCSD faced lhe hun-
gry Air Force Falcons in lhechampion-
ship game. 

men!. 
a1u. Warren and Vance were 

named to the WWPA AU-Conference 
learn last week. 

Harper, the 1992 WWPA coach of 

Guardian Sports: On the Cutting 
Edge of Sports Science 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia avai lable 
• Sterile technique observed 
• 10% UCSD Di scount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

'Wlth UCSD 10. E'\pltn 12/lJI92. 

RBRICHARD E.BARSAN , DDS C A L L Diplomate, American Board of 459 SS6S Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery • 470 Nautilus Street, Su ite 212 , La Jol la 

If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Disease 
• Clotting factor • Epstein Barr 

deficiency Virus 
• Toxoplasmosis • CMV 
• Chlamydia • Any red blood 

cell antibody 
• Hepatitis A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
II S"bsidiary oflitmaCalt Corporal.OIl 
SAN DIEGO (619)226·1733 

TOUANCE 1310161 ... 873 
WEST HOUYWOOD 12131654-0565 

You can grtaJly help in medical 
rtStarch and Jrealmt nl and tarn 

$50 10 $200 per wetk! 

SPORTS 9 

$39 PER WEEK 
3 week minimum. Expires Dec. 31 . t992. Reg~Ira_RHtattI"/lOI_ 

Join Us for the Holidays. G .... t the New Year Slim and Healthy 
- - - "I 110% I CALL LA JOLLA DIET CENTER TODAY 

459·5979 I DISCOUNT I I for UCSD I 
STUDENTS.J {/", , .. ,(bt .I""pn 1"",,"'u>· 7467 Cuvier (off Pea-rl) 

19920 .. , Cent,r. Inc WeiGht Loss Saeed of toss and wtI~hl "",lolenanct may vary !'11th Ind.'lldual, All notlls reserved 

The "Sun" ;s.always Tr.-m.o--ran 
shining at 4gIC II 

2TANS$:[ 
One for you, One for a friend 

10% S1\lDENT 
DISCOUNT on all 

seIVices & products 

'F,,,t bme cilents only ",.h thcs coupon 

Lose 6" Guaranteed 
European Body Wrap--only $48 

Not. temporaty ""cHef lOss · Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 
with UCSD 1D 

--------------------

: 30TAN DAYS$29 : 
. 011 for dtlolls • 2nd 30 .on do~s 539 99. 2 monlh minimum Wilh coupon on/v [-<ph .. 1231. 

_ffi'!M@diUNIf.lfiiIIfNltt1 ! It ~ } J. 1=1. 1=_ 

Ca~ C[)p~i~~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 

VOLUME DISCOUNTS 
VELO & COMB BINDING 

BUSINESS CARDS 
PROFESSORS NOTES 

FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 
3211 Holiday Ct. ('lexl In DomilJo 's Pizztl) • '152-99'19 

M.F 8 .3()'6 p.m. Exp. 12/ 31/ 92 
SAT. 1()'1 with UCSD ID 

Y/owers d! 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

San Diego. CA 92122 
558-6666 

FREE. 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
"-' llh pUfltl.l"Ct" ~ III ur ff\I>fl" 
\ ul \ "h\l '" ~h .;n) l:oChI.'I' I,U ~'r 
CAP 12/14H2 

.. 
"We Ot:Uver 
World Wid<-

~nU~'nN(; (~O. F , 
UCSD 
"IGHT 
Wednesday 

Nights 

" 
" 

$' "'-~. 
PILSNIRS ---

,\O~e, (C\,o ... .. 
& •• ~~J,. ,+JO 

...".. 

I:.:! . . ?: ~~ ~.J' ~:. ~C 
- .--

C,,"" 

L------"The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.-Thun. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w studentlD 



10 CLASSJFlEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SKYDIVE TODAY I with Skydiving AD-
VENTURES.lnc. $20 student discount. 
800-526-9682. (10/5-1213) 

Euphoria BSSI WlldCllt! 11 confer-
ences. various downloadable files 
FREE 30 min. daily time. Modem: 558-
7104. (11/2-1/4193) 

PHARMACElITlCAl SAlES SEMNAR. 
presented by 1Vl indus17y exerutiYe with 26 
ye<¥'SphatmaceulX:alsaiesexperience Ths 
COOllf"ehErlsive seminar wiI teadl you: how 
to gail entry into pharmaceutK:aJ sales. cre-
at ac:tionalie resumes. row to intet'VleW. 
the s1rudlxe althe pharmaceutical irrlJsby. 
3-hou" serrin<w includes Trailrg MaruaJ. 
Audo Gasette Tape. Oiredoly and ConsU-
laborlS. $95. Cal early to reserve seatJrg: 
8()0.528-0844. Thursday. Dec. 3. Hjton 
Hotel. MlSSIOO Valley. 7 p.m. HP Herwy & 
Assoc. (11123-1213) 

These 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
rece ion-bu ting bargain . 
Thank for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
Falrmair's ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale .................. .488-1134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455·0662 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Grand Slam P,ua ........ 453·0286 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ......... 695·1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR. BEAUTY 
We Care Half ............... 587-CUTT 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ...................... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535-1379 
Trim & Tan ............. , ...... 455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr RIChard 8arsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3990 
UCSO OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Eyes of La Jolla .............. 597-2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 576-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Baskel .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
CounCil Travel .............. 452-0630 
UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearnmg ............... 455-1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla BreWing Co ..... 452-BREW 
Del Mar Sluft Piua ...... 481 -STUFT 
Torrey's ................. ...... . 587-1414 
Volleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ........... ........... 452-9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Klnkos .......................... 457-3775 
Mailboxes. Etc. LJ Shores .. 454·8488 
Name of the Game IComIcs) 274·GAME 
St. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, November 30,1992 

CLASSIFIEDS 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 while you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germain's 
452-9949. (10/12-1213) 

QUALITY BARBERINGII La Jolla Bar-
ber Shop. Quality Barber. Hair Cuts . 
sa. 7760 Faye Ave .. Suite F. 459-5792. 
(10129-1213) 

Classijied advenising is sold in 15-word incremems. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for fa ulty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presenied in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue,and 3 p_m. MondayforThur day's issue. The Guardian resen'es the righT to refuse 
allY adverTising including but nOllimited to companionship ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddres : UCSDGuardian,Atm: Classijieds,9500GilmaI1Dril'e, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual addre s: Student Center A, topj700l: 

EDITORIAL - To help organize your 
Writing . Marginal commentslfinal cop-
ies. Degree in English. Joan 560-1631 . 
(1112-1 /4193) 

00 you need an on-campus notary 
public? If so. call 587-7911 . (1112-6131 
93) 

Word ProcessinglTyping: Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theses. books. 
lellers. applications . AccuratelFast 
servICe. Mary Ann 452-9439. (11/5-121 
3) Reason's Greetings - This is not a 

Christian nation and we are not having 
a religious or cullural war. We are a 
pluralistic. democratic nation under 
secular law with equal rights and obli-
gations for all and we are at peace. Be 
tolerant and kind. Keel-' the peace this 
winter season. Your friendly freethinker. 
For beautiful Winter Solstice cards. 
FFRF. Inc, Post Office Box 750, Madi· 
son. WI 53701. (t 1/30) 

"Getling It!" Manifestation Workshop. 
CcmleIa Coralo. Ph.D .• mystic. Thursday. 
Dec. 3. 7:30 p.m. Phone 43&{)595. (11130) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIPS. Most positions filled by Nov. Gain 
val. expo managing 6-8 employees. cus-
tomers. and suppliers. Avg. earnings 6-
16.000+. Call ·Universlty Painting Pros: 
Infolappl. CaJI800-525-5877. (9121-1213) 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIP. 
G.'n marketing, salea, cuatomer 
service, production, accounting 
with the longest proven track record. 
We guarantee $2.500 in 
compensation with vast oppor1unity 
for more. Call Student Works Painting 
(formerly Student Painters) . 1-800-
394-6000. Limited positions available . 
(10112-218/93) 

Investments-Sales. Prestigious La Jolla 
oliices seek aggressive. money 
mot ivated graduates for broker 
poSitions. Excellenttraining and growth 
opportunity . Top brokers earn + $50K 
(comm.) first year . Mr. Marcus. 554-
1211 . (11/16-11 /30) 

EARN EXTRA INCOME READING 
BOOKS! $1 00 or more pertitle . Amazing 
24 hour recorded message reveals 
details . $30.000 per year income 
potential. Call (6 19) 595-3999. EXT: 
057A (11 /16-1/4193) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI 
Many positions. Great benefits . Call 
1-800-333-3737 ext. P-3387 . (11/ 
16-117 /93) 

PHARMACEUT1CAl SALES SBINAR, 
preserted by an 00Jstry exec:utive iM1h 26 
ye<rS~salesexpenenc:e.Ths 
<XlrTlX'ehensive semilarwil ~ you: how 

togailen1ryinto~saes.aeate 
actionable resumes. how to ilterview. the 
structure of the phatmac:euticaJ i1ciJstry. 3-
hou seminar includes T riarirY.l McnJaI, 
Audio Casette Tape. Directory and 
Consultations_ $95. Cal ea1y kl I'9S8IV8 
sealing: 800-528{)644. Thursday. Dec. 3. 
Hiton Hotel. Mssion Valeof. 7 p.m. HP 
HarTy & Asstx. (11123-1213) 

CHILD CARE PROVIDER NEEDED 
10·15 hrs./Wk. Experience/references 
required . 259-6907. (11/30-1213) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT -
fisheries . Earn $600+ /week In 

canneries or $4.oo0+/month on fishing 
boats. Free transportation I Room & 
Board! Over 8.000 openings. No 
experience necessary. Male or Female. 
Get a head start on the summer. For 
employment program call 1-206-545-
4155 ext. A5976. (11/30-1213) 

FIFTH COLLEGE STUDENTS: Planning 
to aw/y for an RA position? An Orientation 
Leader position? Or.iJst want \0 erIlance 
your leadership skiMs? The Fifth College 
Leadership Series wil benefit you. Winter 
Ouarter. Tuesdays noon-l :30 p.m. 
begilringJan. 5. Umited spaces ... reserve 
your seat by Dec. 10 at Fifth College 
Dean 's Office (Bldg. MAAC 412) . 
Ouestions?CaJl Sarita Maybin-Anderson. 
Ass Dean, Fifth College, 534-2237. (11/ 
30-1213) 

XMAS MONEY? Part-time hours -
fUll -time pay. $1 Olhr. GUARANTEED II 

Cash paid daily - most make $20Ihr. 
We work eves. 5-9. Sat. 11 -5 (outside). 
You choose days - casual dress & 
attitude- check it out. JUST DO ITII1-
800-988-2886. (11/30-114/93) 
General Office Assistant . filing. typing, 
copying. WP51 helpful.$5Ihr .. 20hour51 
week. lIexible schedule. begin 
immediately. Apply in person. Monday 
through Friday. 9-5. 4225 Execulive 
Square. Suite 1190. 597-1043. Call 
before coming . (11130) 

11/11//(/111/ 11<1"1<\") ,\ ~III!Ii/N/) 1 \(1/1\(,/" 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS frOII 6 to 9 PM .,. 

UeSD IIGHI 
at ~~% (J)~~ ~<1 ~~ ~ 

CHEESE 
PIZZAS 
$5.99 

Dun 
~ .. ~~~ J IT 

if (with proof 0(21) 

J~~~III \1\\111 I f II \ lin I{II \11 '1'1tI 1\1 481.STUFT 

LAB RESEARCH TECH. We are a major 
teaching facility for the UCLA School 01 
Medicine. We're currendy seeking a Lab 
Research Tech. 
The selected candidate will possess a BS 
Degree in Biology with lab experience 
Including backQroundin DNA propagation. 
DNA extraction. electrophoresis, 
sequenong and probe preparation. Must 
possess excellent communication. 
interpersonal and organizational skills. 
As a pi CI9' essiv8 119a1t11 CdI 8 leadel. _ 
can offer you a comprehensive benefits 
package and a competitive salary. Please 
submit resume or call for an awlication: 
Dr. S.M. Pulst. M.D. CEDARS-SINAI 
MEDICAL CENTER. 8700 Beverly Blvd .• 
Becker Building. Los Angeles. CA 90048. 
(310) 855-5166. AAlEOE. (11/30) 

WANTED: Responsible . organized 
individual for clerical. bookkepping. 
billing. 6 hourslweek. $8Ihr. Dr. Price. 
435-0280. (11130) 

Resident Advisors wanted for FIFTH 
COLLEGE 1993-941 Pic:X up a referral form 

andan~atCareerSeMcesbefore 
break. Due Jan. 15. 1993. (11 f30.1213) 

INTERNSHIPS: UCAN (Utility 
Consumers' Action Network) has two 
openings for academic Interns (grad or 
undergrad) . Consumer advocacy 

reseCW'Ch.~etingmcommunicalionss 
in utilities and insurance. Cal Bever1y696-
6966. (11130) 

X-MAS help neededl Local students! Local 
firm has 20 PUT operYlgs. AWY now. 
sat after finals. $8,75 \0 sat No e~. nee. 
Brief ranng p!'OVided. Cal remain pattime 
next CJI3r18r. cal 495-2577, (11 f30.1213) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. Student discounts. 3788 
Elliott St. 226-1962. (9121 -1213) 

VIOIirV\flOlalessons. You or yourchld(ren) 
can leam from an experienced, profes-
sional teacher. Now accepting students 
- all ages and levels weIcomel Call 
Conrad: 466-0525. (9121-1213) 

Editing: proofreading. comments. Tu-
toring : writing. math. English. Test 
preparation. Experienced. reasonable. 
Call 294-48601584-4708. (11112-1213) 

WORD PROCESSING - papers . 
resumes. etc. Laser printing. Rush 
service available. From $1 .50/page. 
Sharon 481 -7604. (11 /23-1213) 

FREE Avon S8fTllIe and mail order cata-
Ioguelll Send SASE to Jennifer. PO Box 
60604. SO 92166. (11123-1 /4/93) 

Word processlnglflyer5lgraphics. Fasl 
and accurate. Campus pick-up avail-
able. Call 670-8644 today! (11/30) 

LA JOLLA TAN -Attention UCSD stu-
dents!! La Jolla Tan is 1 mile from UCSD 
in the Renaissance Ctr. near Rubio's FISh 
Tacos. GRAND OPENING SPECIAL-
2 people tan for the price of 1 ! See our ad 

in this issue or call 622-1122. That's LA 
JOLLA TAN. (11/30-1 /4193) 

RESUMES: Fnd ~ haId 10 write? Let expe-
rieroed. creative professional wiler rnaIu! it 
easier lVld prO'Jide!hction. Expeiiellced 
wit! studentresurnes. ExoeIen:::ealreason-

~ rates. Mary Kemedy. by 8R)OirCmenl 
283-4159. (1 1f30.1213) 

WANTED 
$10Ihour. Students who will be under-
going dental anesthesia, please call 
brain/perception lab. UCSD '534-6240. 
(1119-11130) 

Do you hear colors or see sounds (SYN-
ESTHESIA)? Contact 
Neuropsychology Lab. UCSD to volun-
teer (534·6240). (11119·1213) 

A drummer wanted for a Clvistian Band. 
Contact Jay at 455-1366. (11123-11/30) 

BASSIST WANTED: Can you groove? 
Are you into funky, stappin·. groovin' bass 
lines IhaImake peopIegetupand boogie? 
Inftuences: funk. rock, reggae and more. 
Vocals a plus. 552-8nt . (11123-1213) 

CONTACT LENSES 
1 HOUR SERVICE (IN MOST CASES) 

--------, ,--------SOFT DAILY WEAR I I son EXTENDED WEAR 

$89 COMPLETE* : : $1 09 COMPLETE· 

3 MONTH 
DISPOSABLE PACKAGE 

$139 COMPLETE 
Cllmplt"t~ IJ'K·~~l).W Illdud~ ~yt.' ~\;lIn . rlltinU. 

IlIlluw .... lp. -; p,I\rs til otlltul' l~ CAcm,,'! or lIvut') 

1 FULL YEAR $249 COMPLETE 
DISPOSABLE PACKAGE 

CIHllplrlt' I>'tdllgt" il, .. ludl.'s t:Yf t:Xtun. Ultln:.:, 
lolkJ~·-UIl. I-y.,,, >lIllpl), 01 """.Ili.(t1 I< L ~lt-t1,IIi.t I 

UCSD I LA MESA 
MIRAMAR I EL CAJON 

578-6796 668-4536 
(ji8!) Miramar ReI. 2860 Flelcher Parkway 

2 mi. east of SuS Corner of Fletcller & Navajo 
Ibehlnd ('.,,1'. Jr.) (Vons/Marsh"lrs Cenler) 

~ mill Ir"lIIl1(~1l 

ESCONDIDO 
SAN MARCOS 

432-6331 
1 320-D E. Valley Pkwy. 

I 1111 rast of Paloll1ar Huspltal 
(Trafalger Square) 

Optometrists: Dr. Bruce FRIIITZIS Md Dr. NIck SELlY 

Monda" . Novemb('r 30.1992 

Bass playerl singer needed for regres-
sive 70s garage band. Love of weasels 
a plus. Originals and covers. Sabbath! 
Zep influence. Contact Tony at 452-
3236. or Ben at 586-1751 . (11 /30) 

RESEARCH PART1CIPANTS. Subjects 
needed for dissertation study: effects of 
advertising on attention and recal. Time 
required: 35 minutes. Pay: $10. Place: 
CSPP. Steve Lucente (679-1154). Best to 
caU after 8:30 p.m. (1 1/30) 

Happy couple looking for baby in a 
private adoption - loving home. call 
eves. 944-6039. rll /30~ 

Models. actresses for videos in Mira 
Mesa & more. Must be dependable. 
284·5095. (11130) 

FOR SALE 
Fulon + frame $99 unused. Full mat set 
$75. Sofa and loveseat still in plastiC 
$285. Can deliver. 222-4771. (10/19-
1213) 

FORD MUSTANG 1981 Blue 2 door 
coupe. Automatic. sunroof. Good con-
dition. $1745 or best. 455-9682. (111 
19·1213) 

MACINTOSH COMPUTER With 20 
Megaby1e hard drive. printer. all utilities 
and manuals. Macpaint. Hypercard . 
Wordperfect and other programs. In 
eKcelient condition. $8500bo. Call Chris 
278-1977 (leave message). (11 /19-121 
3) 

SNOWBOARDS . WETSUITS. Sims 
165 and Mamboo 160. $180 full suits 
and springs S·L. $60-80. 459-3061. 
(11 /19-11130) 

SCOOTER. 1986 Honda Elite 150. low 
miles. looks good. runs well . $800Ibest. 
490-1147. (11 /19-117193) 

Honda Passport scooter. Perfect con-
dition. Easy and cheap transportation. 
Registered thru 7/93 . $675 obo. 632-
8312. (1 1/19-11/30) 

SUBARU GL 1986, sporty 3-dr red. 
automatic. many extras. mint condition. 
$4.995-offer. Bill 223-9133. (11/23-111 
30) 

HONDA ELITE scooter 1987. In stor-
age 4 years. needs some work $3751 
offer. 454-3786. (11/23-11/30) 

EXCELLENTTOYOTA CELICA. rebuill 
engine + clutch . Safety check & 
smogged. $1 .500. Lloyd. 695-2786 or 
44734. (11130-1213) 

Classy Maximum Remodel 4 Bd -3 
Ba. cul-de-sac. best UC area. must 
sell II Ag . Tinker. 459-0505 K240 . 
(11 /30) 

Black lacquer 9-drawer dresser w/gold 
handles. Circular mirror. Excellent 
condition. Must sell. $45. 549-7934. 
(11/30-12/3) 

~~ ~ DESIGN 
HAIRCUTS 

$ 7 9,(~", ~'~"'':f11~'~'~ 
II I ~ ll: ' 1 . I I r t'" t r ,1 

PER M S $5 OFF 
UNIVERSITY 

TOWNE CENTER 
IAcross from MnI T1IeM«j 4II04a 
Dn MAR HIGHLANDS 

!Next to ~ Re<:ords) 79:1-1131 
ClAIREMONT SQUARE 

INext 10 Vonsl 274-aOO 
MIRA MESA 

INext to PIm Hl.C1 MU100 
TIERRASANTAGAnaNAY 
IHwy 52 and s.to Rd.) :zu.M23 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
WALK INI WELCOME 

MANICURIST AVAILABlE 

MOVING SALE: 1983 Honda Accord, 
excellent cond .. $2.000. Desk chair. 
$30 . Mallress + bo~ spring $1 00. Please 
call 481 -6034, (11130-1213) 

WETSUIT 3 mo. old Billabong full . M. 
X-lent condition. Call Jason 265·8089. 
(11/30-1213) 

Buy my microwave in time for holiday 
cooking I $90 abo. Excellent conditionl 
Call James 622-9619. (11130) 

Snowboard - new Burton Air-6. used 
4 times . perfect condition. Paid $460. 
asking $321obo. Isaac 470-7840. (11 1 
30-1213) 

MEN·SUNIVEGA25"racingbicyde.pump 
and u-lock. Good condition $365 abo. Call 
James 622-9619. (11/30-1213) 

SMITH-CORONA Personal Word Pro-
cessor. ex. condition. Paid $500. Yours for 
$200. Simon 792-7089. (1 1/30-1213) 

HOUSING 
Room for rent $345 /mo . 1/3 utili -
ties . Own room in 3BR 1/112 bath 
apartment. Washer/dryer. close to 
UTC. Can move In after Dec . 12. 
558 -3772 (11 /16 -1 1130 ) 

1 bedroom for rent in Claire mont. $2321 
month + 1/4 utilities. Call Veodla or 
Karen. 541 -2073 (11/16-1213) 

Upstairs single in 4 BR /3 BA house. 
Just north of Mira Mesa. 20 min. 
from UCSDISDSU Malellemale 
Cable. No pets $300 .. 1/4 utilities. 
Available 12 /15 . Call 484 -0174. 
(11119-1130) 
PLAYMOR CONDO 5 min. from UCSD. 
3BR. 2.5BA. all appliances. pool. lire-
place. $1150/mo. 693-8259. (11/19- 11 1 
30) 

Your own room: $300/month + 1/3 
utili ties in Claire mont. Randy. 275-4289. 
(11 /19-1/4/93) 

Share a room in a 2 story. 211/2 
bath town house near 34A bus line 
and between UTC & Vons. $281 .50 
+ 1/4 util. Includes balcony . patio . 
wid + pool. Kathy . 457-0131 . (11 1 
19-12/3) 

3 BR townhouse near UCSD. Sunny. 
quiet. pool . refrigerator. washer/dryer. 
Available now. $1 080/month. Nina. 792-
6453. (11 /19-1213) 

La Jolla. Own bedlbathroom. Very 
close to UCSD. $410/month + 1/2 
utilities. $150 deposit. Has pool. 
jacuzzi . fitness room and parking . 
Prefer non-smoking female graduate 
student. Available Dec. 15. Marcie 
455-5913. (11/23-11130) 

La Jolla. Large master w/BA furnished. 
Near campus. MlF. Sublet Dec.-April 
(negotiable). $3851mo .• $375/dep. 457· 
9710. (11123-1213) 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 
• Brand New Bulbs 

Tht, UC D Guurcliull 

UNIVERSITY CITY $295 . Woman 
needed for own room in nice 4-BR 
house. Patio . piano. cable TV, washer/ 
dryer. 12 minuted to UCSD. No smok-
ers/pets/drugs. Call Markor Mari. 534 -
2391 or 534-3383 (message). (11 /23-
1213) 

ROOM FOR RENT. Convenient loca-
tion in Clairemont. $260/mo. + utili ties . 
Pool. no pets. Call 569-0430. ( tl /30-
1213) 

La Jolla. Own bedlbathroom. Walk to 
school. shopping. Utilities Included. 1 st. 
last. deposit. 497-5968. (11 /30) 

FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED: UC 
condo. $310 + 1/4 . own room . laundry. 
cabte. Available 12118. Call 458·0032 
(11 /30·1213) 

Private room and bath in new condo. 
Walk to UTC. minutes from UCSD. 
Share kitchen $250. 453-9227. (11/30) 

La Jolla . Own room. share bath . 
Mellow group house. 3 blocks to 
beach . roof deck with ocean view. 
Washer/dryer. 2 blocks to bus. walk 
to shops . restaurants . $372/month 
+ utilities . Av ailable 12/15 /92 551 -
0749 evening (Jen). (1 1/30 -12/3) 

SHARE 1 BR apt. PB. NOISy. confUSing. 
dare-devlltraJectones. Call eves. 273-
8641 . $250lmo. (11 /30-1213) 

Roomes for rent - new 3 bedroom 
condo. $385-400 'mo. and 113 utlilies. 
Ofi La Jolla Village Drive & Regents 
Road, near UCSD and UTC. Call Robert 
558-2404 or 538-6556 alter 5 p.m. (11 1 
30-1213) 

PERSONALS 
STUDENTS ... Need to lose weight 
bul you have a busy class sched-
ule and limi l ed funds? Call 
CADUCEUS INTERNATIO NAL 
554 -1320. (11/12-12/3) 

To the very beautiful and sexy bru-
nette in my Philosophy 10 class : You 
have long. dark curly hair. sit on the 
lower right section and always wear 
blue jeans. I find you very attractive 
and would like to meet you! How 
should I approach you without offend-
ing you ? Please respond in Guardian 
or leave a note in class or ... Secret 
Admirer. (11 /16-11 /30) 

To the same beauty In Philosophy 10 
class : You had Blrkenstocks on during 
second midterm. sat in middle. I am 
buming upioryourlove. Please respond 
10 me. Same admirer. (11 /23-11 /30) 

ERIC M. - Dracula was a blast and I 
am positive Mina will be just fine. So 
don·tworry. Let's do it again soon. OK? 
- The McDonald's Lady. (11/30-1213) 

Ken Anderson . great quarter & damn 
good job. See you in '93. Brothers of Phi 
Kappa Theta. (1213) 

622·1122 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

r:------iS1UD~~------:;l 
Buy 5 TANS, I Buy ONE MONTH 

I a friend gets I unllmlted ... o friend gets I 

: 5 FREE TANS : FREE MONTH: 
L UNLIMITED TANS 

--------- --------

...... NEAPOLITAN PIUAS 

~llr, Round Table Pizza' 
Bulls Eve Tavern Price Centel' • FREE DELIVERY 457-2060 

r----:r::'~n, UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I F!!~~ro~24~'~~~Y* 
"'We _Ii.,.,. . S20 minimum purchal'lc • wllhm 5 mile radiUS o{compus 

I 'P 1U 1 ,1~! 
~(lt vnll d With 
an)' ulhcr otTe r 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455 5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. l in the Ralph's CC1,t 1', 
• Prolllpl dclivcry. 7 days a week. pen dnlly!l am-8 pm 

OVERBOUGHT! 
Per Couple Corporale Rates 

5 DAYS 
4 NIGHTS 
Call 203/295·6101 

Mon. - Fri. 9:30-9:30 Sat 10-3 

E. F. Goodma" Corporate Tou 
Marlborollgb Profmlo"al C(IIlrr 

Marlborowgh. IT 06H7 

to PubliC 



The C 0 Guardian 

Tritons BOlHlce Back 
MEN'S BA5KE1BAU.: UCSD loses two in a row then 
comes back with a convincing win in Triton TIp-Off 
By Gregg WreM 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD men'~ 
basketball team 
didn't have as much 
to be thankful for last 
week a~ il hoped it 
wou ld 

The Triton 
dropped two in a row 
before rebounding 

with a win Salurday nlghl in the con.:,o-
Imion final of tile Trilon Tip-Off Tour-
n;unent. TIle 73-63 win over Chri'>1ian 
Ileriwge evened CSD'~ record at 2-2 
on the M:a.'>On. 

The week tarted off with a Tue.-.day 
Jaunt up to Pomona-Pitzer for a duel 
with the agehen~. SD Head Coach 
Tom Mar..hall was prcparud for a battle 

from the improved Pomona team. and 
he gOl one. 

TIle Tntons grabbed the lead and 
held onto it throughout the ftrst half. 
taking an eight. point lead into the JOter-
mission, 35-27. But the table<.tumed in 
the second half as the Sagehens fought 
their way back into the game. 

Pomona oul5COred the Tritons 42-
30 in the !.CCond and went on to edge 
UCSD69-65. 

"In lhe ftr..! half we were really 
controlhng the tempo . .. e ended up 
leading for 80 percent of the game. and 
ucouldhaveg neeitherway,"Mar..hall 
said 

Chrl!, Moore led tile Trit '1.'. with_O 
points while Rodney Lusain chipped in 
16, 

UC D played hosl 10 the scventll-

Oan McDowell/Guardian 
Nate Hantgln cuts bac:k outside to get past a Crusader defender. 

annual TrilonTip-OffTournament over 
the weekend and met Point Lorna 

azarene Ulthe opener. TIle C~ 
turned out to be less man gracious 10 
their hos~ as they bounced the Tnt n.\, 
9().74. 

It w~arecordscuingnight for Point 
Loma. hawn DeLaitrre tied the ingle-
game sc ring record by pwnping in 41 

poin~ for Point Loma. TIle 6-6 forward 
was WlSloppable, in addition grabbing 
16 re unds. That would have been a 
record as .... ell. if teammate Ed Morgan 
hadn't pulled down 18 himself. 

Lu~n 1>Cored 18 points for UC D. 
\\;hileKareernManhewshad 12.M re 
;Uld Erik Johman both had 10 for tI1C 
Trit ns. who managed only 37 percent 
\h ing from the Ooor. 

The Cru\:lcler.. did have an advan-
tage over U SD, though. As an AlA 
team. Point Lorna was able to stan 
pr:lCtice loevernl weeks before the Tri-
tOM gOl g ing on OV. I. "EveI)' year 
they're a challenge. und we need tIlal" 
Mar..hall ioaid. "Bul we're looking for-
ward to the rematch bec.1USC we'lI be a 
different team." 

The Triton began to look like that 
other tcam n Saturday ngain~ Chris-
lian Heritage. 

With 6-7 guard John Spence relurn-
ing 10 Ihe ~tarting lineup after recover-
ing from a broken hand, UCSD gOl off 
to a quick ~tart. Folty-five ~onds inlo 
the game. Moore knocked tI1C ball away 
from the H wks' Jeff Martin and took 
otT down the oun. With two defenders 
on him. the Triton finbhed the play with 
a lefl·handed layup to give UCSD its 
fir..t points of the game. 

Chri stian Herilage quickly re -
ponded, however. Thirty seconds later. 

Tobin Wilkins launched the fir..1 of 
eight Hawk three-pointers to take a 3-2 
lead. 

The game bounced back and fortll 
for the rest of the half. The Tritons 
controlled the game, but were never 
really able to pull away from Christian 
Heritage. The biggest lead UCSD got 
was wilh 3:32 left to play in the half. 
when Johnson gOl a feed in the left 
comer and buried a trey to extend the 

MOllllu)" Nov('mbel' 30, 1992 

Dan McDoweil/ GuMllan 
Chris Moore scored 38 points at this weekend's Tip-Off Tournament. 
Triton lead to nine, 30-21. 

With 42 ~onds to go in the half. tile 
Hawks had a chance to trim tile lead to 
five, when David Jeremiah saved a 
loose ball from going out of bounds and 
whipped a pas cros -court to Jon 
Thacker, Thacker made the left-handed 
layup and was fouled. He missed the 
free tIlrow and UCSD headed into the 
locker room leading 34-28. 

Ouistian Heritage closed to within 
three I: 14 into the second half when 
Wilkins drained another three-pointer 
to make it 34-31. 

TIle Tritons responded just nine sec-
onds later when Moore iced a trey and 
the Triton lead was IxIck to six. Moore 
increased the lead to 40-31. a minute 
and 20 seconds later when he wenl 

baseline on the left side and then under 
the hoop, scooping up a lay in from the 
right. 

Christian Heritage had one more 
chance with 5:07 to play. Wilkins nailed 
his fourth three-pointer of the night from 
the top of the key, and the Hawks were 
witllin four, 63-59, 

But the Tritons weren't rattled. and 
Spence's 15-fOOler from the right cor-
ner put the game out of reach, 68-59. 
witll2: 18 to play. 

Moore led the team with 28 points, 
while Andy Swindall pulled down 10 
rebounds. Despite Swindall's perl'or-
mance. UCSD was outboarded, 4140. 

"I'm proud of the team," Marshall 
said of Saturday' s contest. "Tonight 
was a big Slep in the right direction." 

UCSD Shot Down By RlUl-and-GlUl St. Martin's, 100-50 
WOMEN'S BASKE1BALL: Tritons stay with St 
Mrutin' in the first half but can't keep up in the second 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

Sometimes life's 
It:s~ons are learned 
Ihe hard way. Don't 
touch hot burners on 
Ihe oven. Don't play 
football on the free -
way. And don't 
chedule SI. Mar-

tin ·s. On Saturday, 
the UCSD women's basketball team 
was destroyed by NAIA powerhouse 
SI. Martin's of Wa hington, 100-50. 

"I told the kids before the game 
that we had a chance to show how 
competitive we are. I was hoping we 
could stay within 30." UCSD Head 
Coach Judy Malone said, "We man-
aged to tay close for most of the ft.rst 
haLf. but St. Martin 's was just too 
tough. too experienced," Malone 
added. 

St, Martin 's, paced by the stellar 
hooing of Dee Dee Bailey, jumped 

oultO a 15-pointlead early in tile ft.r t 
half. Bailey scored 19 of her game-
high 32 point~ before the intermis-
ion. "Bailey was just outstanding, 

probnbly the best player we 've played 
again~t." Malone aid." 0 matter 
what we did on defense. she ju t shot 
over u'. She can jump out of the 

gym." 
After falling behind early, the Tri-

tons stayed even wi th the tough SI. 
Martin's quad. UCSD trailed at Ihe 
half. 40-28. and the you ng Tritons 
were making a respectable hawing 
against a clearly superior opponent. 
"We hOI pretty well in the first half. 
and we played ome tough. aggres-
sive defense." Malone said. 

After a promising first half. the 
Tritons were force-fed a harsh do e of 
reality. St. Manin·s. using its consid-
erable team peed and quickness. 
'mothered the Triton offense on vir-
tually every possession, holding 
UCSD to 19 percent shooting in the 
second half. 

UCSD watched helplessly as SI. 
Martin's turned the contest into a 
joke, "We were doing our best to get 
our offense moving. but we didn 't 
have an open hOI all night long." 
Malone added. 

When the dust ftnally settled. SI. 
Martin's had doubled UCSD's point 
total. The Trilon were outscored 60-
22 in the second half. 

"We were too young and too inex-
perienced to stay with them," Malone 
aid. "To tell you the truth, we were 

lucky to score 50. I really doubt Ihat 
any Vivi ion LlJ team i a good as SI. 

Martin' . They're the best team UCSD 
ha ever played." Malone added. 

Sophomore Sara Mease led the 
Tritons with II points. and senior 
Erica Scholl hauled in 12 rebounds in 
the 10 ing effon. 

Malone projected future success 
for her squad. "Right now, we'reahead 
of where (thought we'd be." Malone 
. aid. "We've gotten ome valuable 
experience against some tough 
competiton. By midsea on. we're 
going to be quite a good team." 

The loss was UCSD's second de-
feat in ftve days and its third consecu-
tivedefeatafter a season-Qpening vic-
tal)' on November 21. 

Last Tuesday, tI1C Tritons 10Sl a 
thri lIer to Point Lorna Nazarene Col-
lege. 76-75. 

UCSD had a chance to win in tile 
game's final seconds. With UCSD 
trailing 76-73, Mease was fouled while 
attempting a three-pointer at the 
buzzer. She went to the line for three 
fou I ShOlS. 

Mease made the first two free 
throws. but the third shot rimmed out. 
UCSD mi sed the tip-in, and the Cru-
saders prevniled. 

Malone was encouraged by her 
team's play. " I was quite pleased with 
our perfonnance. Whenever we've 
played Point Lama azareneearly in 
the sea on. we u~ually get beat by 
about 20 points," Malone said. 

Dan McDowelI/GWnNn 
Stecey Pattko looks for the shot apInIt St. MartIn's s.turdIIy. 

Monday , NOVl'mbt'r 30, 1992 The UCSO Guunliull 13 

\, t\ .tpl .II1. you don ' t 

have to w.1t tor "'" 

.1> .,>un '''.' uu cnmll : 0 I\.'pl,tn ', MeAT DI.gnostic 

Te.t P'l'til'-· ... your l'olt)nns ~Ir(·nglh ... lin,) we .. tknc~sc~. so you 

j\\ AT pr~'l· l iu_· l1Mh.·,.i •. d:o.. All ,hiS ul'lorc ,'Uti eVl'n hl.'gin uur 

1·800·KAP·TEST 

KAPLAN 
The .... w .. to .he •••• _tlon. 

A N N o u N c I N G 
$$$$$$ $$$$$ $$ $$$ $ $ 

WINTER QUARTER REGISTRATION 

DEFERRED 
PAYMENT 

PLAN 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 

The Bursar' office i accepting 
Deferred Payment Plan 

applications from students who have enrolled for 
winter quarter and who are in good academic and 
financial standing. For a $25 non-refundable fee , 
the Deferred Payment Plan allows students to pay 

for their registration fees in three installments. 

Simple and easy-to-complete applications at the 
Bursar's Office. 

,he Wdt ~i// J4W it the ~al of ~e thn9 hit !Jy 

£) .' D 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

,,' 

.... ~ .... 

':-- ' 

Hours: 

p. 
3 ;:. 
C) , 

A 
~ 

9-
3 p 
r-~ 
-;:-
0-
6 

-<. 
c:: 
.. 

~ 
-< 

-
-

~ 

" --A. 

11 am-l amSun.-Thurs, 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

~--. 
: ~rHT $1299 II $1075 II I SPECIAL! 
I TWO MEDIUM : ONE MEDIUM 2-TOPPING : 
: ~~;!2t~.~~9.\!!~~~~~ I PIZZA & 2 COKES~ I I mmhon otl('f' \\ 11(.'1\ (lrl!lY'1lS I ().~I\lny or Carryoot. rlca~ mt.'TlIKJI'I otter \\hi.'Il Ofdl"nn~ I 
I NoI.~~~~ .. l2J! 4S2-UCSD I ... ,S~~~~! 4S2·UCSD I 
I Lln*ddtWffYaru .. ..,........ ..... I l.lmIII<I-ffY ......... "'...... 11- I 

_"II OUr drtJ ... C¥r'f.... !5IfI Lt:..crs dfl¥l'lg. Our - cany.... _ Las 
1wt$20.OO. Expwa 12lJllQ2. ..,.., ...... u_"-J.torw . ","$20.00. Elcp6rH 12/31182. tt.. ...... "-... HrloIrw . 

------------'------------



, 

" 

ARf 

HIIIT 
Spineless and 
Quivering 

Aying at breakneck speed down the 
treacherous double-<liamond hill, I was 
having a typically brilliant run. 
Everything seemed to be going in low 
m()(i n as I skillfully negotiated the 
mogub and jumps that tumed Olympi 
champion.'> into pinel , quivering 
cowards. 

Skiing became su h an empty. 
I nely endeavor for me. u.-.e 
perfection is M> very boring. For yean. 
I'd try to fall on the lIlopes,ju t to 
di'>Cover the humility of mere mortals. 
Yet my ~uperi r reflexe!> and alhl ti 
ability would not pemlit su h deviant 

havior. igh. 
And then I finally fell. Right out of 

bed. urviving the concu.)Sive effects of 
my ~kull c;ra<,hing into the f1 r, my 
mind t k a U-turn and returned to 
reality. 

Only in my wild t dream!> would I 
call myself a spectacular kier. To me, 
kiing is about as difficult as drinking 

coffee with a fork. The only aspect of 
my kiing that is even remotely 
~pect;\Cular are my cn~. 

Remem r the ki-jumper on the 
opening credi~ of Wi Ie W rid of 

ports'! See h w he kids pitifull off 
the edge of the Jump, nailing like a 
wounded duck bef< re bouncing off the 
ground at 75 mph. What an anlateur. 
I've survived worse Cf'J.\hes getting n 
[md ffthe chair lift . lIeck, I've 
\urvived WOr,,(! cnl.JlC!> in the lodge. 

In my won,t crJ.\h nightmare. I'm 
standing in line at the concession !otand 
when I slip on a caooy wrnpper. 
Lunging forward to regain my balance, 
I pu~h the diminutive.: elderly w man in 
fTon! of me, :,t;.uting a chain ~\Cti n of 

brui~ and broken nes. even people 
fall like d min . thlm~ to my 
clumsiness. Oh, the humanity. II 
because I wlmt a nicker.; bar. 

TIle long·awaited skiing trip finally 
happened last weekend. As I prepared 
to don my sharpened blades of death. I 
remembered one important fact: I 
ludn't skied in four year.;. After 'pilling 
~oda on my ski jacket, I also realized 
that my motor ~kills had been ~hot for 
some time. 111e long layoff. coupled 
with my emlxtras:.ing lack of coordina-
tion, :.eerned to promise a weekend of 
carnage. 

Before laM Saturday, J was with ut 
ad ubl. the biggest wimp on the hill. If 
I made it 10 feet without a wipeout it 
was cause for celebration. Yet I 

~urprised myself. J actually skied better 
than ever before. By the end of the day, 
the beginner slopes were too easy. So, 
with c nsidef'Jble prodding, I tried the 
intemlediate hill. 

Surprisingly, I made it down the 
hill. Even more swprisingJy, I made it 
down the hill unscat.hed. And I only 
crashed once. All of a sudden, the 
intermediate run wasn't so bad. After a 
few more lessons, I'll go out for the 
Olympic tearn, win the gold, land a 
couple of movie rol ,Wheaties bo 
cover, a book deal ... 

And then I woke up. 

The UC D Guardian Monday, Novl'mber 30, 199'2 

'I 

Chuck Nguyen/Guardian 
Michael Warren stopped 16 shots In UCSD's sec:onckound 1~9 victory against seventlHanked Princeton on Saturday. 

Tritons Sixth at Finals 
WAtER POLD: Tritons lose to fifth-
ranked Pepperdine 13-6 y terclay 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

Atremendously uc " fulseasoncametoa I~ 
on unday as the 0 men's water polo team 
finbhed !>ixth at the NCAA champion hips. CSD 
has finished !-.ixth twi e previously, in 1989 and 1991. 
The Cali~ mia Golden Bears completed an unde-
feated season. repeating a.~ national champions with a 
thrilling 12-11 triple-Qvertime victory over Stanford 

U SO's ho of capt wing its fir.>t ever CAA 
title were da! .. hed in the fin.! round by the USC Trojans 
on Friday. US , the nation' third-ranked teanl, 
downed the sixth-seeded Triton 16-7. 

TIle Trojans jumped on C 0 early, taking a 3-0 
lead after one quarter. B halftime, USC Ik'ld extended 

i~ lead to 9-3. 
In the third period, the Tritons matched the Trojans 

goal for goal. After three qllaners, USC led 12-6. 
TheTrojan endedUCSD'slipsetbidbyoulSCOring 

the Triton in the final period, 4-1. 
Soph more two-meter man Mike Nalu led the 

Tritons with three goals. USC was paced by Jason 
Kling berg' ix goal . 

The Tritons played without seni r two-meter man 
Kevin VarlCe, who was uffering from the flu. Vance, 
UCSO' third leading scorer with 37 goal , was the 
hero in UCSO's WWPA title game victory against 
Air Foree. 

The Tritons returned to the pool OIl Saturday to 
play seventh-seeded Princeton. The Tigers, losers to 
Stanford in the flfSt round, proved to be no match for 
sixth-ranked UCSD; the Tritons won handily, 14-9. 

Once again, Nalu came up big for the Triton Hi 
four goal led all scorer.>. Sophomore goalkeeper 

NATIONAL 
CHAMPIONSHIP 

1992 
Mike Warren stopped 16 shots for the Tritons. 

A victOl)' in UCSD's tournament fmale against 
Pepperdine would have given the Tritons a fifth-place 
finish ar the NCAA's, tile highest finish in club 
history. UCSD and Pepperdine clashed once during 
the regular season, ar Canyonview pool on Oct. 16.ln 
that march, the Waves were too much for the Tritons, 
winning 14-9. 

The rematch ended in defeat once again for UCSD 
(23-9). Pepperdine beat the Tritons in the fifth-place 
game, 13~, The loss marked the second consecutive 
year that UCSD has fmished sixth in the NCAA 

See H20 POLO, Page 9 

1beWeek 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 

~'S BASKEIBAU: The 
Tritons defeated Christian 

Heritage College in the consola-
tion finals of the Triton TiJrOff 

Tournament on Saturday. UCSD 
had lost it's first-round grune to 
Point Lorna, ~74 on Friday. 

,.12 

WOMEN'S BASICEIBALL: 
UCSD had a rough Thanksgiving 
week, losing first to Point Lorna, 
76-75 in the final seconds. On 

Saturday, the Tritons were blown 
out by St Martin's, J(X}.5O. 

...... 12 

The Headline Matchup: Women's basketball vs. Claremont-Mudd-Scrtpps, Tuesday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. The Trttons will try to rebound from this 
weekend's ~nt loss against the Athenas, a tracItIonal rival. 

Other Games: Men's basketball at the Redlands Tournament, Thursday·Saturday. Swimming and diving at the Speedo Collegiate Cup, Long Beach. 


