
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

Rve weeks have passed 
since the 1992 A.s. 
elections. but the presiden-
tial contest between Ruben 
Duran and Mike Holmes 
rages on. This year's 
presidential campaign has 
turned into a protracted 
political war marked by 
allegations, accusations and 
inconclusive hearings. 
While evidence brought 
against Holmes is either 
unsubstantiated or incorrect, 
.I>ur.in continues to draw . 
out a process that has gone 
on long enough / PAGE 4 

SPECTACLE 

OnGuard 
Go on a Saturday night 

patrol with a UCSD police 
officer, and hear fll'Sl-hand 
what they really think about 
campus protestS. Also 
inside, an examination of 
the programs that help keep 
you and your possessions 
safe when you're on 
campus / PAGE 51 

SPORTS 

OneMcnTlme 
TheUCSO .... •• 

.... poIo feIm wan. 
IhiId coueclllive DIIioaII 
tide widla 10-9 win ov. 
UC Davis >e_ .... __ 
DIiIIy wu __ ---
.... NVP/ ..... 

INDEX 
UCSI) tfIwa •....••.•••..• a 
0I:JInI0rt ..................... 4 

~ ............... u 
Cr.a1lled8 .•....•.••.•• 11 
Sports ..••.•••.•••.••••••• :18 

Reaching for the Sun Students, Staff 
Give Aid to 
LA. Community 
• Volunteers drive to L.A. to 
help churches organize relief 
efforts for riot -tom neighborhoods 
By Stephanie Danford 
Staff Writer 

As residents of Los Angeles begin the long 
process of rebuilding from the riots that shook the 
c ity following the Rodney King trial verdict. ~tu­
dent and staff organizations at U SD are becoming 
involved in the relief process. 

When Warren ollege junior unn Park 
watched the te levi~ion new~ repo'h on the riot~ in 
Los Angeles. she \. a.'> already planning ways for 
U SD students 10 b..:come involved in cleaning up 
after the destruction. Through (hc Warren ollege 

Metamolpho~i~ and Multiculturd Enrichmcnt pro-
grams. Park, who works as an intem in the Warren 
College Dean's office. wa~ able to arrange a trip for 
<;tudents to go to Los Angele~ anu make some 

hand~-on contributions. Park nameu the project 
"Operation Uniteu Color!.:' 

To organize the student outreach. Park said :-.he 
began by calling the L :-, Angele!. mayor's office to 
inquire about safe work sites in riot-tom areas. She 
was referred to the L s Angeles Food Ct!nter and 
variou .. churches in South Central Los Angeles. 
After numerous phone calls. Park found a Baptist 
church that desperately needed volunteers. 

On aturday. Park and aim M 30stuut!nt volun-
teers traveled to South Central Lo~ Angele . Al-
though mo. t of the students were from UCSD. 
there were also participants from San Diego tate 
Univer ity and the University of San Diego. 

Aided by a pair of stilts, Cecille Arbour of Ravel Studios and Talent Agency towered above 
the Sun God Festival Friday afternoon. 

With some difficulty. the students found the 
tiny, run-down Baptist church. which Park de-

See REUEF, Page 3 

Survey Shows Increase in Class Size Preferable to Fee Hikes 
• Students said they would be more active if 
the administration paid them more attention 
By Karen Cheng 
Staff Writer 

A recent survey of approximately 550 mndomly selected 
UCSD undergraduates revealed that whi le most students dis-
approve of the fee increases. when given alternatives that could 
reduce educational quality, many preferred higher student fees. 

Working six to nine hour.; over a two-week period during 
Winter Quarter, 70 UCSD Political Science and Sociology 
students under the direction of Political Science Professor 
Arthur Lupia and Sociology Profes or Akos Rona-Tas con-
ducted the telephone student research survey for a sociology 
and a political science class. 

Written by Lupiaand Rona-Tas.the urvey was specifically 
designed to give students hands-on experience doing survey 
research, as well as identifying student opinions on different 
issues involving the university, such as fee increases, univer-
sity budget cuts. attitudes toward student government, con-
cerns with the UCSD administration and the state of the 
economy. 

In addition, students were asked about their own work and 
study habits, backgrounds, personal opinions about UCSO and 
future career opponunities. 

This pilot survey is intended to be the first in a series of 
surveys established by UCSO's American Political Institu-
tions Project (API). It used a state-of-the-art computer-assisted 
telephone interviewing program called CASES, in which 
everything the interviewer needed to say and do was contained 
in the program. 

Both Lupia and Rona-Tas said they were surprised by the 
re ult to questions regarding the fee increases. Overall, the 
results point to a strong disapproval of the fee increases. 
However, when presented witha "trade-off." a choice between 
"a 20 percent increase in class size and no fee increase," 67 
percent of re pondent opted for larger c1asse . 

See SURVEY, Page 7 

Students were asked whether 
they would rather Increase 
student fees by 20% and 
preserve the quality of UCSD or 
keep fees at the present level 
with a decline In quality: 

15.3%-No opinion 
61% of the responents said a 22% 
fee Increase would affect them: 

18A%-Would keep 68.'% said they would work more 
at present level 82.9% said they would spend less 

-..:>,---, 

Students were asked If the 
IIdmInIItration conIkIers student 
..,.rerences when they mike 
decIsIonI: 

1I.I%oSaid administrators 
never consider students 
---1.ft. Said 

administrators 
always consider 
students 

I1A%-Said the administration 
sometimes considers student.s 

74.3% said they would borrow more 
50.3% of the respondents currently 
hold a job while in school 

Students were asked If the 
AIeocIated Students have any 
Impact on the administration's 
policy decisions: 

2.2%-Said the A.S. always 
affects administrative decisions 

10.1%- Said 
A.S. never 
affects 
administrative 
decisions 

87.3%-Said the A.S. sometimes 
affects administrative decisions 

James CoIlier/Guanian 



2 NEWS 

FROM OTHE H C,\ \ 1fJl Sf S 
uc AdmIts IIlega1lmm1gJa1ts at 
Taxpa)'8IS' Expense,SourcesCharge 

Sources say the University of California may be using 
resources inappropriately by admitting undocumented 
immigrants as students. 

Alan Nelson, former commissioner of the Immigration 
and Naturalization Service, said he thinks that by admitting 
students who are in the country illegally, the university is 
failing to serve the taxpayers of the slate. 

"We want the UC Regents to put thi issue on the table 
and discuss it. . .. [Right now] they discuss everything 
c1osed-door - they need to have an open meeting and 
debate il ," said Nelson. who works with a group called the 
Fedenllion for American Immigration Reform. 

Nelson aid he first learned of the problem when his 
daughter staned school at UCLA.1be discovery allegedly 
carne when he rried toc1earupaproblem with hi daughter '~ 
re idency statu . 

"As we were working that out I first learned of thi ~ 
policy .... Since then. fr.rnkly. [the regents] have IOne-
walled it for yea.r.;." Nelson said. 

" You've gOl the federal law that says you aresubjcct 10 
deportation and also say~ you can ' t have a job and get 
benefi ts, yet the state government L luming around and 
saying we'll let you inlo the UC." he added. 

Mike Alva, a spokesman for the UC Office of the 
President . said that the university does have !.Orne undocu-
mented students. bUI these are student who have had 
d umerllation in the past which has since lap ed. 

He added that he is unaware what, If any. pol icy the 
univer..ilY has with regard to lhcadmission ofundocumerued 
~tudent . 

Nelson aid that in the recent past the university even 
allowed undocumented ludents 10 pay re~ideot fees ra!i1<:r 
than full tuition for the co t of their education. 

- Ed Wahl, UC Davia ~ All6Je 
National Poll Reveals Trend Towaret: ~ 
ResearchOverTeachingatUnlversltles 

Instead of slriking a balance between research and 
leaching, universit ies are becoming more heavily research-

Calvin and Hobbes 

" I I 

I~ 

(J) 
I 
I 
I 

OJR. <DJt-i1l!.'{ ~s FOO~\)ED 
,., 1J£R'f lnt-iG TIME ~OO, 
~'( AAQI.)~O lOOse . 

M.T W'; I o.tl C()I-\ru.\~ 
'OO.T 1\If ~Q.lT 

~T ~m.st~\ ~E . 

The UCSD Guardian 

oriented, according to a recenI nationwide study. 
10 1990, 23,302 deans, administmtors and facully from 47 

universities panicipated in a Syracuse University study con-
ccming the relative importance of research and undergraduate 
teaching. 

Robert Froh, associate director for evaluative research at 
Syracuse. e/lplained that a great discrepancy e/lists between 
respondents' perceptions of where their university is going 
and where it should go. 

"Despite some personal opinions thinking otherwise, most 
panicipants felt their university is going towards research," 
Froh said According to the survey's data. 69 percent of 
faculty, 61 percent of unit heads, 59 percent of deans and 51 
percent of central administrators said they were for research 
ahead of teaching. 

"I'm tom. as a new associate professor, betweencnjoying 
teaching a great deal and knowing that if I don't publish. I'm 
dead. Teaching evaluations are hardly mentioned in pronl(r 
tion reviews ... . It is clear more and more emphasis is being 
placed on research," said one UC Davi professor. 

Despite their perceplions of their school's direction. Frob 
said most respondents fell their university hould be pushing 
for a balance. 

In his recent evaluation of the Universitywide Taslc Force 
on Fac ulty Rewards. UC Davis Academic Senate member 
Dan Simmons acknowledged Ihe importance of research. 

" Research i the foundation of all we do. It ' the presence 
of re.-.earch that make the University of California more 
val uable 10 the tudents. It i that prestige that gi ves value to the 
undergraduate degree," Simmons said. 

- AmandII NeborIky, UC Davis CIllIfonU AI/lJe 

NEWS IN BRI[F 
UCSD Study Shows Expert Witnesses 
Misrepresent Psychological Research 

According to a recent UCSD study, jurors may not be 
getting the whole truth from counroom el(pens, leading to the 
acquittal of guilty defendants. 

Manyexpert who have testified for t~ defense may have 
told jurors not to trust their intuilion.s regarding the reliability 
of eyewitnesse . According to the study . lheexperts "have not 
only mi represented scientific findings in p ychology, they 

M~. lIllN ~\\lG ~ 
~ 1\£ 1U8ES, I CAN 
9,'4 wt. SiS\t.'" ~'t 

~\C., A~\) JJSTlf"i M'j 
fIJR"ffiER lJO. Of 

~nCtP~T\~ . 

by Bill Watterson 

• 1 ( 
, 
: 

.,.:..1 

\~ ,.lJ:IT 
IdE f\j\04 
It) SUK 
1\\\WO") 1Wt\ 

~flY; 
TtlEM. 

... .-

MondaY. May 18. 1992 

may have helped acquit guilty defendants as well," said 
UCSD Psychology Professor Ebbe Ebbcscn. 

Research conducted by Ebbesen and Vladimir Konecni , 
also a psychology professor, suggests that the confidence 
eyewitnesses express in their identifICation of a suspect is 
directly related to their accuracy. 

In criminal coon trials,juries are currently told by coun 
experts, usually research psychologists, to disregard an 
eyewitness's level of confidence inmakjnsidentifications. 

According to Ebbesen. jurors are currently told lhat 
eyewitnesses who sec a suspect briefly after a long period 
of separation from that suspect are much less accurate in 
their identification. 

Juries are told that the length of initial exposure is much 
more important than other variables such as the confidence 
exhibited by the eyewitness. 

Ebbesen argues that while these principles about eye-
witness memory may be true in a general sense, they may 
not be valid in assessing accuracy in cases where the 
eyewitness exhibits a high level of confidence. 

.. It isn't that I'm againsl psychologists testifying. It is 
that I believe the testimony they are currently giving about 
eyewimesses is inconrect and not supported by the evi-
dence," Ebbe en said. 

Golub to Show Three-DImensional 
Art Collection With VIolence Theme 

Leon Golub, a renowned painler, will exhibit his first 
three-dimen ional sculptural in tallation. entitled 
"WorldWide," from Saturday through June 21 at the 
Mandeville Gallery. 

There wiU be an opening reception Friday from 6-8 
p.m. at the gallery. 

"WorldWide" is a collection of 12 image copied from 
Golub's paintings and reproduced on sheets of clear vinyl , 
to be suspended from the £a1 lery ceiling. Imagesofvictims 
and perpetrators, tortured and torturers. mercenaries and 
hostages. are displayed so that viewers find themsleves in 
the midst of what might be called "in your face" art. 

• ... m trying to give you a hard time." Golub aid. 
Originally created fordisplay in the Brooklyn Museum's 

Grand Lobby, the installation and accompanying charts' 
document a number of anned conflicts taking place 
throughout the world. 

Golub's paintings el(plore male aggression with refer-
ences to political and personal power. "Power changes 

. you. You become imperious," said Golub, 
Goluh said he feels that the media have overexposed 

viewer,; to violence, thereby numbing their emotions to the 
world' terrors. 

GUAKIlIAN 
JASON SNB.L, ElItor In ChIllI 
PETER KO, ~ EdItof 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0phbJ EtIIDr 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, 4 ...... HIatus EdIIDI 
JAMES COWER, Dea4Ih EdIIor 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy &MtK 
BEN FREUND, AaeoriD Spectacle EtIIDr 
JOSEPH GARCIA, ",.". &IItot 
MARY BETTY tEARD, tv.w. EtIIor 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, A~ Copy &IItor 
SUE MAPES, AseociaCe PrtotD EtICw 
MB. MARCELO, GnJphIcs EtIIDr 
DAN MCDOWELl., Phot» EIIttIt 
PHILIP MICHAELS, AIIOCIIICe 0p{nbJ EdItor 
KEN PERLMAN, Sports EtIIDr 
ANGELA ROVA, Spectacle EdItfx 
ERIC SCHIIIIIrr, .4 ..... ,.,. EdItor 
SHERYL WOLCOn. 4111Od1te News ElIIDr 
WILEEN WONG, AM claN,.",.,. EdItor 
GREGG WRENN, AuodaN Sports EdItor 
_lor ___ Bryon 0.01. Jenny c;,,1 ... _ .... H ... lton. JooI1 
Odtnu. CIl" . Reenter. Brett Rhyne . M.tU- Robinson. 114_ Schwartz. Paul 
BiS/lOp Skit>IUI<e 
__ : Debnt BIOnste .... Karen a... JulbM Cocen. Stephanie 
Danfofd. Fronc'sco DeV"es. Joanne DonahOe. Ben EJCin. Dan Gebler. Kirsten 
H .. ......,.,. Dan lITaul • . 114." ... L ..... Era _nschein. ThofeD Moore. 
Scott DkImoto. SuzannePllan. Sulenne """''''. TrlCi Powell . John Rice. Kant 
Saul. DIIIKI Snow. Ted SI.WlOO. JoM S~ 
__ Chris R..,.. 
_RonCedil. R ... rKuo.C."nLew. LelCnAnne~.U .. 
Mulvaney. Adneno lot"""". RyuUt ,....wna. KAt\)' Roe. Iot.,c Upt .... _ 
............. AI ... ~. Saul le\Iine. PIUI ~. Chuct< NIuYen. 
_r Vom. IonYf lie)! 
c..r1l_lotictlelteChiq. MonIca~.MonIcaR_. Je_S!>rinIe< 
~ w.ur: MHnOe H.m"'on 

BOB DeANDREA, ....... Mancet 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdwttIMW,......, 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdwttIMW nee""., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, "'-Itfed R ...... rarn. 
-....._ • .. a.. "--.IIai_. u.. __ 
-..... __ ....,.,.._v_ 
'*- JOe Lee. Sen..- SIIen 

lllelCSO_.!IAIiAd.....,.,.""'1iutd¥ .. "'_,.."'OIII b-"'_ 
rllCSO.IIop-..:tJon"' .. _.~foon. _._" .... __ ..... 

~. () 1992. .. .,.. _ . llletlCSO _.1IIt __ ... _ "'_ 
_ "Ott. IIIo __ .,I!Iha.., ..... _ .. _cIO""~ 
_ ... _ "' IIIe lCSOtO-. ... ~tJc-. .... __ IIIo LCSD 
<WN>. 1tcI!G _ Dr -., ""'*.-.., ..... -. ......... . 
ldItoNll: 534C1IO, ........ 0fIIce: Q4.34M, Fa,,: 134-7891 
UCSD Guanllan, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Act ... _:_~. UCID __ -. 'Il' 

Monday, May 18,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Regent Committee Adopts Stricter 
State Residency Requirements 

The UC Board of Regents' Committee on Fi-
nance unanimously adopted stricter residency regu-
lations Thursday. a preliminary step in requiring 
new non-re idents to pay out-of-state tuition for 
three years instead of one. 

The proposal i expected to create additional 
revenue for the increasingly tight UC budget, gener-
ating an expected $6 million in 1993 and over $20 
million by 1996. At this time, out-of-state students 
pay $7,699 tuition on top of the $2,486 in fees paid 
by California residents. The UC currently gl"dIlts 
residency status once a student lives in California for 
more than a year and shows an intent to e tablish 
permanent residency. 

Under the new regulations, a srudent will have to 
be considered "financially independent," under the 
federal definition, which for mo t single under-
graduates means not being claimed as a dependent 
on any individual's tax forms for lhe past two 
calendar years, and being self-sufficient, earning an 
annual income of at least $4.000. 

On the urging of Student Regent Diana Damell 
and Student Regent-Designale Alex Wong, UC 
President David Gardner recommended making the 
new regulations effecti ve in fall of 1993 instead of 
fall of 1992. Gardn r said he recognized the need to 
provide new studenls information about the changes. 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

UCB Approves Expansion of Espresso 
Roma to Include Outdoor Seating 
By PNIp MIchaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

A plan to expand EspressoRoma 
to include outdoor seating has been 
sent to the university's Design and 
Review Committee for final ap-
proval. 

H approved, the pIan would add 
seats along the grassy area to the 
east of Espresso Roma and around 
the windowed area of the cafe. 

According to Stuart Kraemer, 
the Espresso Roma t118IlII&U, the 
expansion was proposed in order to 

REUEF 
CanIIauId .......... 1 
scribed as, "some foraonen Iitdc 
hole in the city." on a city bloclc that 
had sustained significant damage. 

As the predominantly Asian-
American group disembarked from 
the bus, Parte said. several passers-
by shouted at them to go horne. "It 
was a little disconcerting," she said. 

1lIe students worked mainly at 
sorting donated clothes and filling 
the clothing requests of neighbor-
hood residents. Later in the after-
noon, the group toolc to the streets to 
help clean up the debris that was 
scattered everywhere. 

1lIesponsoring group, Metamor-
phosis, helps to assimilate first-year 
and transfer students into college 
life. 

1lIe organ ization sponsors semi-
nars on issues like drug and su~ 
stance abuse and interviewing skills, 
and also events such as trips to the 
Wild Animal Park and group din-
ners 81 El Torito. 

Other groups organizing relief 

increase business. 
"With the warm weather, people 

wanttosit outside, and that's where 
we lose business to the Grove Caffe," 
Kraemer said. 

Kraemer added that the outdoor 
seating area will allow smoking, 
which is prohibited in indoor areas 
of the Price Center. 

The idea of expanding Espresso 
Roma has been discussed for some 
time, Kraemer noted.. "The original 
plans included outdoor seating, but 
itwasn'tuntillastswnmcrthatthings 

effons include the Conununity and 
Corporate Outreach Program at 
University Extension, the Slaff As-
sociation, the Chicano-Latino Staff 
Association, the African-American 
Staff Association, the Pan-Asian 
Staff Association,theNative Ameri-
can Faculty and Staff Association 
and the Women's Caucus. 

Parte said she discovered that 
many of the churches in the area 
were badly in need of volunteers. 
She added that people were sur-
prised that the student group went 
all the way to Los Angeles from San 
Diego to lend a hand. 

Like Park, Maime Gonzales, 
manager of the UCSD Community 
and Corporate Outreach Program, 
also has been working to offer relief 
afier the Los Angeles riots. Gonzales 
is coordinating the various staff as-
sociations to raise funds for UCSD 
students who have been affected by 
the destruction in Los Angeles. 

"Many students have families 
whose homes or businesses were 
destroyed," Gonzales explained. 
"1bey might not be able to return to 

• fREE PREGNANCY TE~TING 
• Pregnancy Termination 

general/local aneslhe.£,ia 
• Affordable Birth Control 
• Confidential @ Perronal 

(!:;> d 0' 6 <:!' 
(6~.9) 535-~3/.9 

got rolling on it," he said. 
The expansion plan was brought 

to the Vendor Contract Committee 
of the University Center Board 
(UCB) this past January. Once the 
design plan was formalized, it was 
presented to the UCB at its May II 
meeting. 

After attaining the approval of 
the UCB, the plan has been submit-
ted to the architect for approval. 

"The original architect (of the 
Price Center) hu veto power over 

See ROMA, page 8 

UCSD in the fall. Families may be 
fll1lll1Cially strapped. .. 

To helpthesc students, Gonzales 
is organizing fundraisers to create 
an account to which students can 
apply for aid based on need. 
Gonzales said she hopes the funds 
will help by providing money for 
boob, fees, or housing. 

The main fundraiser will be the 
annual Staff Association picnic, 
which is the association's major 
yearly fundraiser. This year. 
Gonzales said. the association will 
donate a percentage of the money 
raised to the students' fund. 

Other fundraisers are still in the 
planning stages. Gonzales said she 
hopes to get a raffle together soon, 
and several of the slaff associations 
have already begun the search for 
raffle prizes. 

Third College is also coordinat-
ing a reliefprograrn. The college's 
annual Cultural Unity Day of Aware-
ness events, to be held on May 29, 
will include a canned food drive and 
donation collection to benefit vic-
tims of riot violence. 

NEWS 3 

We've Got All The Moving Supplies 
You'll Need At A Great Price! 

• STURDY BOXES -Many sizes in stock to choose from 
• PACKING TAPE. BUBBLE WRAP. "PEANUTS" 

also. KEYS. MAILBOX SERVICE 
r--------------- - j 
I UCSD, take 100/0 OFF packing service or I 
L ____ ~uWliesw~hthisoo~ ____ ~ 

mo Regents Rd., Suite 113 
453-7332 
Voos Shoppi1g Cemer on Regents at Arriba 
OPEN 6 DAYS M·Fri. 8:30-6:00. Sal9:~:OO 

Get the Best 
For Your 

Money's Worth 

at $2.37 
your choice of 

1. 1/2 veggie sub, Potato Salad & sm. Drink 
2. Small Salad and Small Drink 
3. Chicken Pattie, Fries & Small Drink 

Zip'. Tummy Bust .... UCSD Price Center. 418-0070 

Sunday 
Monday - Thursday 
Friday 

11:00AM - 4:00PM 
9:00AM - 8:00PM 
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM 

On May 19th and 26th Mac', Place will close at 6;00 PM. We will also be 
closed May 23-25. By popular demand we will be open SalUrdays June 
6th &; June 13th from 10;00 AM - 3;00 PM. 

niE MOST COMPlETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

MeA T 
THE MCAT RlVllW COUtil M UCSD 

, The II MCAT course In San Diego! 
• The bat documented MCAT scores 
• ~ of proven success 
• The only course run by people In medicine, MCAT prep Is 
our specialty and it's all we dol 

• Taught by top UCSD faculty and M.D.-PhD candidates 
who are experts In Intenslye MCAT prep 

• Taught on camPUS at the Medical School 
, Lectures, workshops, small study groups and free tutoring 
, Much !ower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW ENROLLING FOR SUMMER '92 
~ CALL (619)456 4848 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIATS 
Editorial Board 

JASO SNELL, Edilor in Chief 
PETER KO. Managing Edilor 
MARY BElTY HEARD, News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

TIw. UCSD GuardUJIf ' i publishrd ' .. a:. " 'rri: lithe nivenl ryolCaI ,(nna. ~n OtCJO. C'onttnt\ 1'1'92 
VM!*~ f \.prnlai hann ~prntnl (~motJOflIY VOle: oithr: edltonallnatd. and arc In: na..--cuanl'1 ~ of.hI:: 
UC Booro of ReJ<n ... Ih< ASU D. _,he enUl, a_au.. .wr. 

DURAN V. HOLMES 

This Has Gone On Long Enough 
TIle 1992 AS. presidential election has clearly been much more 

trouble than il is worth. What began as a simple run-off conlesl belween 
candida! Ruben Duron and Mike Holmes has rumed into a P!'Olr.lCled 
politicalwarmar1<edbyallegationsofcampaignviolalionsandmisman-
agement, absurd rumors and several inconclusive hearings. 

Last week, the already dmwn-out process was complicated further 
when it wru;leamed that members of the AS. Judicial Board had 1101 been 
officially confinned by the AS. Council. According 10 acting A.S. 
President RandolphSiwalJessy .Judicial Board ChairGloria COITal i the 
only one of the board's six memben> who has been officiallyconfumed 
by the council.TIle Judicial Board charter states that the board "shall 
consist of one representative appointed by each college and confinned 
by the ASUCSD Council." However, there is no record of any such 
confumarions ever taking place. 1llerefore. the board is no! offICial. 

Siwabessy argued that il was Corral's responsibility to submil 
Judicial Boord appointtnents for confinnation. CorrJl disagreed BUI 
since the board members were 1101 offICially confinned, there is clearly 
some question as 10 the legitimacy of the rulings handed down by the 
board thus far. TIlat question, however. was disregarded by Corral, who 
proceeded to hear the case of Duran II. Holmes on Wednesday. 

Duran's case resled largely on speculation and weak circumstantial 
evidence. Dur.1n claimed that Holmes failed to record !he prinling of 
2,800 campaign fliers. and thus may have exceeded the mandated 
carnJX1ign spending limit. Holmes responded that he only prinled 1,800 
flien>. bul never reported them because they were never used 

Duran stwnbled allover the f.lClS. He was wrong about the nwnber 
oftliersprinted:A.S.ExecutiveSecretary Anna Catalanotto test.ified that 
a clerical erroron her pan resulted in the appearance of UXX) more tlien> 
than there octual Iy were. He was wrong about information acquired from 
an employee of Kinko's Copy Center, and misinformed the board 
regarding the employee' fate. Duran claimed that the employee was 
"sanctioned" and "stripped of her authority." According to Kinko's 
Manager Louisa Murray, that was not the case (see letter. page 6). 

Also in doubt is theexistenceofa wOl1<orderfrom Holmes for I ,(xx) 
flien>. Duran leslified that the Kinko's employee produced two work 
orders, one for I ,<xx) copies. and another for 800. He said that the 
employee told him that there was another order for 1.<XX)copies. butlhal 
she could not find it This testimony is highly dubious. Firsl,theKinko's 
employee neverleslified- Dur.ln lestified for her. Second. the Kinko's 
employee may have been mistaken. Since the second order for J.(XXl 
flien> could not be located, and the AS. executive secretary lestified that 

1,800,andnot2,800tlierswerereported,ilisrea~llably l>afeloconclude 
that Dur.in was mistaken. 

BUI Dorm thinks otherwise. In fact, he is convinced that he is righi, 
no matter what the facts may be. He is convinced that Holmes concocted 
a story tosave his skin. He believes that Holmes commil1ed nothing short 
of peljwy to explain away the printing discrepancy . . This picture is 100 
convenienl," Duffin said '1'0 me it'sall madcupand il'saJldespicable." 

TIleoniy thing despicable aboulthis entire affair is Dur.in· s irralional 
insislence that Holmes has comrnined all sorts of conlemptible acts in 
puniuit of the esteemed A.S. presidency. After all, Duran refused 10 
divulge the specific charges he was puniuing againsl Holmes Wltil the 
acrual hearing last week. It is diffi ulllo imagine how Holmes cou Id craft 
uch an elaborate slory on uch sholt notice. If Holmes is a liar. then he 

is a very clever one. 
It is not difficult, however, to imagine how Duran would gmsp al tIDy 

random clod of din which might lend itselflo prosecuting a case against 
Holmes and winning himself lhe AS. presidency. Where is the proof? 
Where is the evidence, beyond the second-hand testimony ofaKinko's 
employee? Strong suspicion doesn't count. 

'Thi whole manerhas goneonmuch too long. It i obviousthatDuran 
has nothingmorethana triflinggrievance. Many of the problems theAS. 
Judicial Board now faces in its deliberations could have been avoided 
had the A.S. Election Bylaws been much better defmed. TIle fonnal 
hearing process itself may have been avoided had Duran been willing to 
work out hi grievances with Holmes and a moderator, rather than 
bogging down the ilJ-<quipped AS. judicial system and throwing the 
new AS. Council into a state of disarray. 

TIle new council has held up fairly well under the circumstances. 
Siwabessy doesn't want to be A.S. president Still. he has run the A.S. 
commendably. TIle council now faces the ralher daunting task of 
fOlll1ulating its budget for next year. Such work requires patience and 
leadership - and the command of a president Hopefully, the judicial 
board will decide !hi matter justly and wiftly. so the council might gel 
back to doing thai which it does so well - whatever that may be. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1992 

BARNEY & RAY 

B~LLOT 
i 801 
r 

COMMENTARY 

KingAftennath':'" Riot or Rebellion? 
• Economic and cultural failures are at the heart of the problem 
Bya,R-... 
ContributIrW Opinion ~ 

The evallS in Los AnFIcs and ocher major cities 
have been inttspelled in someumes cynical, some-
timesdc&pcralceffOltSl>undcrsWldwbal!hepoliticai 
esIabIishmenthas for decades strained l> ipore. The 
discoune is asdiversc as the participanlS and IIgendas 
invclved. But underlying Ibis diversity are two di-
rectly opposed orienIabons wilh different answas to 
the question: Was it riot or rebellim? 

NearlyallrecognizelhattheseevenlSwerespaabd 
by a flagrantfailureof!he jusIice sysIan, and thalthey 
had someting to do with dismal conditions prevailing 
in the inner city. But any agreement eOOs there. 

Those answering .'riot" are in line with !he ideol-
ogy purveyed by President Bush et al. The White 
House is engaged in the ITIOSl shameless rt.ebical 
campaign seen in years. Quick to push all of the Iaw-
and«der buttons, Bush is SUlking the same old po' -
white-power-lrash-backIaVI flames to new heighls. 
Wearetold tharblameis lObe localizedwilhgangsand 
the Johnson Administtation, that the Oreal Society 
pugrams' fuuhs are lObe remedied with 1OOre/aisse:-
laire free marlretneglect,and that LosAngdes should 
deal with its own problems by selling LAX. 

Language frames thought. If it was a riot, then we 
need more cops,tmre jailsandmorefearand mislna 
"Riot" is the languag~ if opfJIYSSion. 

If whal we saw was a rebellion, aJ1ogetherdiffi:rent 
explanations and courses are required 

When all pretenSe of jusIice is gone. all reason to 
respect Jaw enfoo:ement leaves wilh it. Law enfon:e-
ment is instead seen as organized stare-sanctione 
violence, But violenlreactiononly makes sense if you 
consider that people in any inner-aty R!COgIlize fro. 
nomic oppression forwhat it is: «OttOtnic \';oIence. It 
doeso't make good videampe, bill it ki& daily. 

If the King belring ventict was the spB and 
rouIinized opp15Sioo a.-d !he powder keg. we 
have to undas1arld how that oppe.sUon WOlD ro 
rnesUngfu1IydRss!hepoblelraotlbeimcrcily-
or those peMISive 10 society as. whole. 'I1i5oppres.-
sial has tighdy~ lIdIaIlyofeilmdns ec0-
nomic nI wIIuraJ <XlIltpODeIIIL 

The wIunI WI.,..oiCI1IIlncIudebolh bllllntrac-
ism as well as subde induIionIIl'ICism IhIlIocks 
pcopieout. S1Udies have.JM ..... lhMmciaI bias 
stillexisls in~..-_IenIIn&InSIi­
tutims, In 1990, 811U1Wy found .... 53 percent d 
white AmeliaalS thought blacks .. genrticaly infe-
rior," and 64 pc:n:M Ihought them '1azy," 

Given these lenses, ii's ciearllow opportunity can 
be denied. Is it any swpise 1hIl the donIirwII culture 

has a racial bias when it evolved fur centuries with an 
ecooomy based in IIrgepart on racial exploitationand 
coIonialian'l AnothercullLll1llcoilljXlllentexisls within 
thecommunity itself. if the scales are so skewed, why 
plan on a fuIw'e? This is what Wlden:Jass means. 

The economic faam; include a 5Iapant local 
ecooomy and epidemic jobIessIlCSS. The cmvnWlity 
has few resouroes and its members are subjected to 
daily scarcity. There are few means l> invest in the 
fuIure - subsisIaIce is far from guaranteed. A child 
growing up in these conditions - in an environment 
!hat hardly JlI'OI"IIIXeS aning IDi often with access 
only toa failing public school sysaem - is unlikely to 
graduate high scOOol. Even then,collegeeducation-
ooe d the few ways out of the cycle - is still a long 
shot. Why work hard toward a seemingly WlIIltainabIe 
education? Joblessness is perpetuated This is also 
what underdass means. Over half of the poor are 
wo1WIg poor. This is a general economic failure. 

Seeing peopled color in povedy feeds the stere0-
type thai enforces that poverty. The absence of role 
models which show kids thai there is an alternative 
perpetutIIIeS it. Culrure and ecooomics woo'tchangeif 
notchanged together. 

~ UCSB Black Studies Depanment018irGerald 
Home points out, expansion of the UC and CSU was 
part of the effort to improve matters after the 1965 
Walts uprising. Then educalionaJ atta,iMlent was rec-
ognized as ooe cenIraI issue. Since then, fa' black 
maJes, average educational atIainmenl has decreased. 

At UCSD, African-Americans are under-
represented by a facur of four. While it's clear that 

primaryandsecondalyedUC3lionrequire~iderabIe 
impovemeI-. aCOllCCi1edapproach wiD have 10 move 

IIOwardprovidingrealistic~tocoilegeeducation. 
h has been argued that !he proeesIS at UCSD 

following the King beating verdict obscured the main 
issue - racial injuslic:e - with other ureIated de-
IMIds, and this is quiIe DUe. Bua. the SIIIIe time we 
can 'tf<qetthalSlUdenlsof colore already dropping 
WI because of higher fees and a Iact offinmcial aid, 
or that the qualily of education has been uncertUI by 
fwcallUSlllity. Willi the SIIiIIe' s lest shonfaIl we cal 
expect much worse. It will beighIen ex.istin& subde 
inIIttuIianal nd5m mediIred by appeals roeconomic 
excigency. h's a maaer of misplaced pioriIies. 

Ednc.ion - basic and hiP - is not Ihe soIu-
lion, Ilulthere won', bepqpas wiIhoutit. This isooe 
ground on which ftCll'l begin lOaddaessbolh cultural 
andeconomiccol1lpollenlSdraciaidisparity. hisaiso 
ooe of the areas d WI mon an:cm around which 
different races and cdlnicities can unite. TO!JeIher we 
must p-eserve it if if is l> serve us. 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

c o M 

A FISCAL 
By James Collier 
Senior Staff Writer 

A s IF WORRYtNG ABOlJI' S'ffiADtL Y INCREASING registration fees weren't enough. we also have to worry about administrators 
gouging us another way - through campus-
based fees. 

We pay two types of fees at the UC: 
systemwide fees (our registration and education 
fees) and campus-based fees (which are assessed 
by student elections). Historically, campus-based 
fees were used to fund student governments and 
organizations, and to construct and maintain 
"student union facilities." 

If a group of interested students wanted to 
fund, say, a football team, they could put a 
measure on a ballot and let students decide 
whether or not they would want to add a football 
team to their quanerly fee. ThaI was how the 
campus-based fees were supposed to be used 
originally - fees for P'Yjects conceived by 
students, under the! control of students, for the 
students. 

H OWEVER, WHAT WAS ONCE A WONDERAJt. way for students to fwld projects and activities for their panicular campuses 
has been used by administrators as a way to fund 
their panicular projects. According to the 
University of California Student Association 
(UCSA), since 1985 campus-based fees have 
risen approximately 240 percent In 198 I, the 
average campus-based fee (statewide) was about 
$50. Today, it is more than $200. You can thank 
your campus administrator for that. ~ the 
university has received less funding from the 
state legislature the past few years. students have 
been used increasingly to fund campus facilities 
and programs. 

While students foot the bill for administrators' 
pet projects, they have no control over how these 
facilities are used. 

, 

Whatw. 
once. 

wonderful 
way for 

atudellta to 
fund 

proJacts ... 
activities 
far their 
....... 
C ...... _ 

......... 

bJtbetop 
.... .. 

tool to fund 
their IttIe 

pet 
projacts. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

Administrators are 

gouging students 
with campus-based 

fees - the time has 

come to reclaim the 

money that is 
rightfully ours ••• 

M E N T A 

C URREN1l.Y, ADMINISTRATORS CAN CREATE AS many campus-based fees as they can think up, there is nothing in writing that 
limits the amounts or the number of fees they 
wish to propose. And they spend as much money 
as they wish to make sure Ihe measures pass. 

The UCSA is currently backing a bill, AB 
1884, which is currently being examined by the 
Senate Finance Committee. Originally. the bill 
was to address the abuse of campus fees in four 
ways: 

• Restricting the use of campus-based fees: 
The bill would limit the level of campus based by 
Slopping the introduction of new types of fees. 
However, students would still be able to create 
new fees for activities as long as they fall in the 
category of extracurricular student activilies and 
student union facilities. 

• Limiting the role of campus administration: 
The university would be banned from spending 
any money in support of or in opposition to a fee 
measure. Most of the decision-making power 
within the student elections process would switch 
from the administration to students. 

• Refonning the Election Process: The bill 
would require full disclosure of the level and use 
of any proposed campus-based fee. Also, the bill 
prohibits bringing the same fee measure up for 
two years after it has failed passage. 

• Control Over Facilities: If students assess a 
fee to build and operate a student facility,then 
students would be given operational control over 
that facility. 

SEEMS LIKE A LOT TO ASK FOR? NOT REALLY. Especially when you consider thatlhe language in the bill is modeled after an 
agreement between the ASUCLA and UCLA's 
chancellor. If it can work at UCLA, one of the 
UC's cornerstones, why not everywhere else? 

Normally, legislation concerning the UC 
would have to be okayed by the regents. And, 

R y 

Self.Assesed 
Fees Skyrocket 
Average campus·based fee levels 
(numbers are for entire UC system): 

$250 

'87 '88 'It '10 
*Approlllmm val .... 

'11 '12 

Source: UCSA 

IIusnions by Roger KUOIGuri.wl 
GIajtIic by Jnes CoIierJ~ 

under normal circumstances, they would reject 
this law OUI of hand. But, in light of the recent 
budget crisis, and threats that univen>ity funding 
could be CUI as much as 30 percent, the regents 
will want to avoid any unnecessary conflict with 
the legislature, and could very weIl approve this 
measure. 

O BVtOUSLY,lllE KEY TO 1lliS REFORM PROCESS is 10 keep administrators out of Ihe campu fee game. Students can no longel 
afford to be viewed as fatted calves who have 
who can be gouged by administrators on a whim. 
It is time for a fiscal revolution to take back what 
is rightfully ours. We don °t have any choice -
other than 10 trust the wolves. 



6 OPINION 

r--_~n'UCSD -~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I F!!.~E",,~~~3Y* 
Up. 6flH1. 

"Not •• lId " hll 
aD,ot.Mr oStr. 

• $20 minimwn purdI&N • wilhiD 5 DIlle radilll ol .... p .. 

as always, 10% ~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

UCSD SPECIAL 

(.ppe, ..... ) 

& ~tSY~­
~ * 1 DRINK· both $395 for ." .......... . •• III.I~IIS .. * UC SI-'1IIIIlS1 

~ Irednesdays 
1295 P Sa. '201 ~ " hlll hiA ~t !'I .... N' mrftliun •• J "'ff'" 
, ro&peCt 456-15 79 ,,,, I.rin~. · S,·w'nl ... n. ;'n .... 
m Downtown La JoUa .: ·I';"~ Jun, I . 1'I9'!. 

L.-____ --:-________ ---'_ - - - - - - ~ 

-TEP 121-
Public Service: 

Practicum in Learning 
This course consists otlecture and field work. The tield work Will be carried out in 
local elementary schools. where you will serve as a 'Mentor" to an individual 
student . or to a small group of studenls. ea:h quarter. These children will come from 
a diverse socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds. The academiC component of 
the course will focus on the relalionships belween leaching and learning and 
belween the school and the communily. as well as other issues which relale to the 
academic achievement of children. 

All interested UCSD students are encoura, ed to enroll. 
TEP 121 is worth 4.0 units, and may be taken (or a l eUer gr ade. 

Contact the Teacher Education Program at 534·1680 (or 
department approvat to cnroll. 

ThIS ~ulS' 1o"11s the pu\lIIC servIC' componenl 01 !h. new Thud C .. lege G.n". 1 Educallon Atqu •• m.nlS 

~PSYCHOLOGY 
..... COURSE 
FALL 1992: 
Psychology 136 
Cognitive Development 

Section ID 152154 
WHEN: T-D, U:30 aJII. ·12:50 p._. 
WHERE:GHWI 

Int.rnlltion.'" 
clelJchaOie day p;!CI< & lann, oae' 

~==-IJ S~~· ~~c: 129.99 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18,1992 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Guardian's Cynicism Is Self-Defeating 
Editor: 

This is a quick response to the 
commentary on the year of the UCB 
(May II). The writer felt that the 
UCB has spent all its time on fight-
ing the administration and not 
enough time on thedaily operations. 
I have two comments on this allega-
tion. 

Yes, unfortunately we did have 
to spend too much time worrying 
about whal the adrninstration was 
doing, and pushing for involvement 
in what happens in our University 
Centers. However, if we hadn't con-
tested the actions and assertions of 
the undergraduate affairs adminis-
tration. the C<H)P space agreements 
that have been in effect since Octo-
ber 1990 would have been nullified, 
the director paid by student fees 
would have been simply absorbed 
into the adminstration with students 
footing the bill and five student or-
ganizations would have been forced 
to accept a new campus status with-
out a reason beyond "because we 
said so." 

The focus of the article did not 
take into account the exceptional 
job of overseeing the daily opera-
tions that board members did work 
on all year. most notibly Erik 
Swanholt and Denise Fenton. Their 
work on the pub, space allocations 
and contracts allowed other mem-
bers to address the larger control 
issues. 

The vague concerns over UCB' s 
credibility weren ' t grounded in spe-
ci fi cs; rather, it seemed to reflect the 
uneasiness that continually plagues 
the Guardia" of students calling the 
admin istration on mistakes. 

The students aren ' tthe ones who 
need to worry about credibility at 
thi s point. The adminstration needs 
to eam back the tlUst of the students 
- the whole campu , really - and 
prove through their actions that they 
will act fai rly and follow their own 
guidelines that they enforce for ev-
eryone else. 

Only when there is ind isputable 
evidence does the Guardia" sup-
port the posit ion taken by student 
leaders. and they continually under-
mine thi position by using head-
lines and editorial board stands that 
favorthe adminstration and weaken 
the actions taken by the students. 

Thi taps into a larger more per-
vas ive problem of the Guardia,,'s 
editorial staff. I find it a1anning that 
the Guardian is always so quick to 
make light of students pushing for 
control over their campus life. Stu-
dents run the Guardian, and like it or 
not, they are a part of the student 
leadership on campus that is 
similiarly impacted by midterms, 
petty politics and learning from mis-
takes. 

Yet the editorial board always 
seems to take a paternalistic, "holier 
than thou" outlook on campus poli-
ties. This atlitude is passed on to 
their younger writers like a tradi-
lion. 

What can we expect from our 
generation when we start taking over 
positions of power later, if we all 
become pessimistic cynics by age 
20? I would request that the editors 
work on suspending their disbelief 
long enough for the final outcome to 
be resolved. or at least until they are 
I O-yearvetemlls of NBC where they 
really have cause to be cynical. 

We are still young. The verdict is 
still out onourability tocreatechange 
ill OUf environment. The editors of 

the Guordion are seniors like me; 
we have seen a lot of good chanps 
happen on campus, admit it Stu-
dent movemenls and governments 
have become increasingly sophisti-
cated and accountable. As it stands. 
who needs theadministration 'scorn-
ments when we have the editors of 
the Guardian to defeat us? 

MoUyMcKay 

KInko'sClarllles Role 
In A.S. ElectIons 
Editor: 

This leiter is in response to the 
"Board Hears Case Against 
Holmes" (May 14). 

On April 9, a co-worker at 
Kinko's mistakenly gave some in-
formation regarding the wort. [A.S. 
Presidential Candidate Mike) 
Holmes had been doing to another 
customer (A.S. Presidential Candi-
date Ruben Duran). Our co-worker 
is not a UCSD student, and has no 
knowledge of the rules and regula-
tions regarding Associated Student 
Elections. When Mr. Duran began 
to question her about the amount of 
work Mr. Holmes had been doing in 
the store, our co-worker had no idea 
what repercussions would follow. 
She simply fe lt as though she was 
helping Mr. Duran. 

Kinko's has a policy to keep all 
infonnation regarding other custom-
ers in confidence. We restated the 
pol icy to our co-worker, and the entire 
staff. She has not been "sanctioned. 
stripped of her authori ty or lost any 
privileges" as a result of the incident. 

Kinko's and the individual co-
worker would like to apOlogize for 
the si tuation in which we have be-
come involved. At the same time, 
we don't feel that our role should 
have any bearing on the decision 
made by the Associated Student 
Judicial Board. 

Louisa Murray 
Manager, Kinko's Copies 

Infonnation on Judicial 
Board Was MIsIeadk1g 
Editor: 

In the article "Judicial Board 
Members Not Official" (May 14), 
you have been severely misguided 
by the A.S. Vice President Admin-
istrative Randolph Siwabessy, the 
acting A.S. president. in that the 
A.S. Judicial Board is not a valid 
body. 

First, the confirmation process 
of the A.S. Judicial Board members 
representing the five colleges is by 
no means explained within the 
ASUCSD Con titution. The pro-
cess of confirming other officers 
and ex-officio members i clarified 
in the A.S. Constitution. An ex-
ample is that the ASUCSD Judicial 
Board chair "shall be appointed by 
the president and subject to two-
thirds council approval." There are 
absolutely nostipulatory conditions 
in the A.S. Con titution requi ring 
su h anexplicit council approval of 
the AS. judicial Board representa-

tive~ . 

Second, your article states an 
outright fallacy that the "five board 
members, each a college represen-
tative, have been acting under the 
auumption thai they were appointed 
by their colIeges." I was first ap-
pointed 10 be theAS. Judicial Board 
representative for Revelle College 
in May of 1990, and since then I 
have been appoinled annually as the 
representative for Revelle College. 
ThereisabsolUlelynodoubttharmy 
college has duly appointed me to 
represenI our college on the A.S. 
Judicial Board. 

Third. the Judicial Board charter 
does not state .. that each appoint-
ment must be voted on by the A.S. 
Council." Your assumption of this 
statement in the charter is very mis-
leading because the language of the. 
Judicial Board Owter again refers 
to confirmation by the ASUCSD 
Council, and the said term is not 
defined explicitly for the A.S. Judi-
cial Board representative, rather only 
the chairperson. 

Fourth, "the (Judicial) Board 
shall be the sole interpreter of this 
(Judicial Board) charter." and de-
spite the actions of the previous 
Judicial Board Chair, Paul Varin, 
there is no provision that implies 
directly or otherwise that Gloria 
Corral is responsible to submit leg-
islation Orlo place the AS. Judicial 
Board Representatives on the AS. 
Council Agenda. Her only legisla-
tive responsibility is to submit 
amendments to the Judicial Board 
Charter to the ASUCSD Council. 

Fifth. each member of the A.S. 
Judicial Board has been acting in 
thei r official capacity. despite of the 
A.S. Council's failure to confinn 
our appointments. We are by no 
means acting in any unofficial or 
extra-constitutional manner. 

Sixth, Siwabessy's contention 
that he can change the membership 
of the Judicial Board through the 
appointments of members at large 
to the AS. Judicial Board, i noth-
ing more than mere political chica-
nery, since each of the respecti ve 
college councils will re-appoint the 
same members to the AS. Judicial, 
as to clarify any misunderstandings 
with the newly elected A.S. Coun-
cil. 

Seventh, pending the next A.S. 
Council meeting and the confirma-
tion of the present A.S. Judicial 
Board members. our previous deci-
sions will stand without the need for 
re-submission. 

In conclusion. I'm very dis-
pleased that you did not give me the 
opportunity to speak with you about 
the matters mentioned in your ar-
ticle. nor the chance to respond to 
this alleged controversy. I'm sure 
had you done so, many of the mis-
conceptionsand injurious statements 
in your article could have been 
avoided. 

D.A. Bartolotta U 
A.S. Judicial Board 

Editor's Note: Seetioll /l of the 
Judicial Board charter (descrihillg 
memhership);11 the A.S. COllstitlllioll 
states: "Thejudicial board shall COI/-
sist of olle represelllotil'e oppoillled 
II)' each college al/d cOl/firllled hy the 
ASUCSD collllcif." CO/llrary 10 
Bal'lolotto' s statemel/t. tile A.S. COIl-
Still/film doe. require e.lplidt wllfir-
lIl<ltitJl/ of jlldiciu/ hoard fIlemhers. 
There is 110 record of cOllfirmatioll 
011 fill' uttll£' A.S. 

The Guard ian sfallds hy its report. 

Monday, May 18,1992 

SURVEY 
ContInued fram .... 1 

In contrast, when presented with 
the choice between "a decline in 
quality and no fee increase," 66 
percent of students were willing to 
absorb the fee increase to protect 
"the quality of the university." 

These findings suggestthatwhile 
students are very much against the 
rising fee increases, their opposi-
tion weakens when they consider 
alternative methods of resolving the 
UC's budget dilemma that may re-
duce education quality. 

"I'm surprised that most of the 
students that come here are very 
affluent... Rona-Tas said. "'bere, 
of course, is a small minority that 
will strongly be hurt by the fee 
increases. but even though there is 
general disapproval, the majority of 
students can afford to come here," 
he said, noting the relatively small 
percentage of students who take out 
loans, and the fact that barely 50 
percent of students work while 
school is in session. 

"When you ask people to make 
trade-<>ffs, it allows you to obtain a 
different measure of their prefer-
ences," Lupia added, "and this is 
the type of thing the administration 
has to consider" when making deci-
sions. 

Associated StudenL'i Vice Presi-
dent Extemal Colin Wilson com-
mented on the results of the survey, 
saying a fee increase will hurt uni-
versity quality despite student in-
tentions. " If there is a fee increase 
above 10 percent, it is going to be 
detrimental to access and quality at 
this university. To address this, we 
have to fight the administration in 
every way possible, and the onI y 
way to do this is to motivate stu-
dents to get more involved," he 
said. 

Other questions were directed at 
administrative policies. theAS. and 

geneml apathy among students. 
"We find from the re ults that 

students are not very politically ac-
tive on the whole," Rona-Tas said. 
"In general, what comes through 
the data is that students here are not 
so much interested in politics -
they are not politically mobilized. 
or 'eager to jump in.' " 

According to Lupin, the overall 
theme in the survey was to deter-
mine how people's beliefs affect 
their behavior. 

"You can use this type of analy-
sis to figure out what buttons you 
can press, and therefore how to get 
Sludents more active. You can eas-
ily find out what particular issues 
Sludents are interested in, in order to 
get students involved, to find the 
cause of their inactivity,just by pick-
ing the right questions," he said. 

Almost 86 percent of respon-
dents felt that the administration did 
not pay enough auention to the 
concerns of students. 

"I'm disappointed that thedisap-
proval rating is so high," said Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-
fairs Joseph Watson. 

"We've tried to get input and 
adviee from students in informal 
outreaches, forums and views from 
other individuals who have contacts 
with the students. The vast majority 
of students are not involved actively 
and do not see the give and take 
procedure that has to be accommo-
dated, and therefore feel their views 
are not considered," Watson said. 

Seventy-seven percent of stu-
dents surveyed said they would be 
more active in attempting to affect 
policies if the administration would 
pay more aueotion to student pref-
erences. 

"The apathy on this campus has 
always disturbed me," said Mike 
Holmes, a four-year veteran on the 
A.S. Council and currently a presi-
dential candidate. "But I understand 
the students - when they don' t see 

ERRATA 

TIle UCSD Guardian 

the tangible results, they tend not to 
believe. Right now, the basis of 
tension between the AS. and ad-
ministmtion is considering the au-
tonomy of certain student organiza-
tions, and the power they can assert 
overtheir own affairs and staff," he 
said. 

Holmes pointed out the diver-
gence of views that he feels exists 
between the administration and the 
student body. 

"There has to be a stance on 
student issues - what do students 
want, and what issues are important 
right now? TIle administration sees 
the university as a business, some-
thing there to make money, not a 
place to get an education. grow. 
learn new abilities or experience 
new opportunities. You can't put 
money above that," Holmes said. 

Wilson said, "(The administm-
tion) needs to give the A.S. the 
benefit of the doubt. If the initial 
misunderstanding can be bridged. 
then maybe students will become 
more involved, and we will move 
forward." 

The survey also included ques-
tionsabout students' work and study 
habits, future career opportunities 
and personal opinions about UCSD. 

The Spring Quaner sociology 
survey research class. which is ana-
lyzing the data collected last quar-
ter, is the first class to conduct in-
depth analysis of the sentiments of 
UCSD students. 

"The students involved enjoyed 
this project very much. Talking to 
people is something every social 
science student should do, and in-
terviewing is just part of the pro-
cess," Rona-Tas said. 

"Our long-term goal is to be able 
to conduct top-quality surveys, and 
that's the type of thing we need in 
order to establish a permanent sur-
vey research institute here-some-
thing that can be used by both fac-
Ulty and students," Lupia said. 

It was incorrectly stated in the article "Board Hears Case Against Holmes- (May 14) that A.S. 
Executive Secretary Anna Catalanotto took responsibility for a clerical error which made it appear that 
A.S. presidential candidate Mike Holmes had 1.000 more flyers than he actually did . 

In fact, catalanotto testified that she accidentally recorded that Holmes claimed 200 flyers on April 
7. The claim should have been dated AprilS. In the A.S. Judicial Board hearing, Ruben Durnn questioned 
the fact that the printing receipt for the 200 flyers is dated AprilS, when the flyers were allegedly claimed 
the day before. 

Also, due to an error during editing, the story may have given the impression that the Kinko's 
employee who allegedly gave DurAn information attended the hearing. That person was not present. 

The Guardian regrets the errors. 

NEWS 7 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
GERMAN. SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(fj I ") 2 7 ,;·1 I :12 
Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p .m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

1Z 

". K8ndaII 
MOIaIoa w._ .... e • 

K_~ __ .. ce __ 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs * with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon .. 

~nU~lfINf; f~O. 
UeSD 
"IG'" Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
PILSNIRS 

,o,~ ,"\')O ,~~ d"'" 
c,}oR L.------·'7he best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 

Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am-2am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w student ID 

(OSTAVERDE ) ,,$ 
ffMPak~ 
..9270 ~--..::...::: :=~" = .. 

Comtf elf GtntsH • ) 
La Jolla ViIagI Drtvt \ 

: = :t~ = == c::::= ::a-::::::=:t . :r'~~ " ;-' =======_=-~ - :-Xlj ~>= 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guudiao Monday, May 18, 1991 

If approved by the Price Center architect, Espresso Roma may soon have outdoor seating. 

ROMA 
ContInued from .... 3 
any changes to the Price Center," said UCB 
representative Rajenda Roy. 

According to University Center Director 
Jim Carruthers, the expansion still has several 
hurdle to clear, including final design ap-
proval and the actual construction. If all goes 
well,and in a timely manner, the seating might 
be ready by fall, Carruthers said. 

Carruthers ooted that the students will not 

bear the costs ofme outdoor seating. "The cost 
is being borne entirely by Espresso Roma. 
1nere an:: no student fees involved," he said 

Roy voiced his objections to the plan at last 
Monday's meeting ofthe UCB. 

"My basic problem was when I looked at 
the blueprint and noticed the changes involved 
replacing the grass area and the trees with 
cernent, I objected because of aesthetic rea-
sons," Roy said. 

Roy abstained from voting on the plan, 
since student fees an:: not involved in the project. 

() PI': N 2...J 1-1 () I I H. S 

We copy all night 
For most of us, there just aren't enough 
hours in a 9 to 5 day. We know that 
there are limes when you'll find yourself 
working around the clock 10 gel an impor-
tam project compleled on rime. And that's 
why we're open 24 hours a day ... every 
day. So no mailer when you need a 
helping hand and a friendly 
face, you'll find them at 
Kinko's. 

457·3775 483·1842 Idnko'S. 
La Jolla Pacific Beach -:-___ ......;;.... __ 
8849 ViUaLaJol!a Dr . . 1834.GamcI Ave. the copy center 

• 10 LocatiOns In I I r2T.:S.l 
San Diego County ~ ffi 

THIS YEAR A LOT OF COLLEGE 
SENIORS WILL BE GRADUATING 

INTO DEBt 
Under the Anny's 

"t Loan Repayment 
program, you could get 
out from under with a 
three-year enlistment. 

Each year you serve 
on active duty reduces 
your indebtedness by one-
third or $1,500, which-
ever amount is greater. 

The offer applies to Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans, 
and certain other federally insured loans, which are not 
in default. 

And debt relief is just one of the many benefits 
you1! earn from the Anny. Ask your Anny Recruiter. 

KEARNY MESA RECRUITING STATION 
569·7878 

ARMY. BE ALL YOU CAN BE. 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAT. 
This checklist will help you 
answer 111 of them. 

rd Kaplan makes test prep convenienl l.!:.J With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 
when and where you need us to be there. 

rd Kaplan helps you manage your time. 
~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 

on, before they hurt your performance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value. Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped 
more students get into the school o( their choice than anyone else. 

~ Kaplan is the industry leader. 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources it takes to help students succeed. 
CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

o t992 St.nJ~y H. K.pt.n Educationll C~nter lid. 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

A.s. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Cemer, Third Floor 
Come and get involved! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, May 20. 6:30 pm 
Price Cemer, Berkeley Room. 

The HUMAN RIGHTS CAFE is here! 
Thursday. May 21. at the Grove. 

CHINESE STUDENT ASSOCIATION 
RAP1URE Boat Semi-Fonnal 
Friday, May 29. 9:00 pm to 1:00 am 
Cruise around San Diego Bay aboard the 
Marietta . For more infonnation call 534-7311. 

FSSI: FACULTY, STUDENT, STAFF 
INTERACTION 

LUNCH 
Wednesday. May 20 
at the Round Table Pizza Patio 
Meet fellow students and faculty in a relaxed 
atmosphere. EVERYBODY WELCOME! 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
CHINESE CULTURE NIGHT 
Tonight! Monday, May 18.6:30 pm 
International Center Lounge 
Learn how to make Chinese dumplings, see a 
martial arts demonstration. and enjoy traditional 
Chinese musical entertainment. 

INTERNA TIONAL FILM SERIES 
CABEZA DE VACA 
Tuesday, May 19. 8:00pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD Students $4. General $5 

METAMORPHOSIS 
Monday. May 18.7:00 pm 
Warren Commons 
WVE? Trouble in paradise? No paradise? Ask 
any questions you want or just listen in and 
have sOme free pizza. 

The UCSD Guardian 

NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE 

HONORING OUR ANCESTORS FOR 
OUR SURVIVAL 

Native American Culture and Sprirituality 
Friday, May 22. 9:00 am- I:OO pm 
Price Center Ballroom A & B 

ALM: "Where the Spirits Live" 
Friday. May 29. 7:00 pm. Solisl07 
Post-film discussion with Larry Emerson. 
Navajo traditionalist and educator 

UCSD First Annual POWWOW 
Saturday. May 30.10:00 am to 9:00 pm 
Revelle Field 
Traditional dancers, singers, arts, and food. 

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS AND 
LEADERSHIP PROGRAMS SEMINAR 
SERIES 

SCRUPULOUS - A QUESTION OF ETHICS 
Wednesday. May 27,7:00 pm 
Price Center, Gallery B 
Learn how to help yourself and others in 
making healthy, professional. ethical 
decisions. 

SURF CLUB 
Saturday, May 30, 12:00 pm 
Black's Beach 
Beach Clean· up wilh live band "Aleutian 
Juice" and refreshments. 

UCSD PRE-MED CLUB 
EVENING WITH DR. JONAS SALK 
Wednesday. May 20. 7:00 pm- 8:30 pm 
Garren Auditorium, Basic Science Bldg. 
Come enjoy an "Evening with Dr. Jonas Salk"! 
He will be speaking about his work in medicine 
and medical history. 
FREE Admission - ALL WELCOME 

It's a BRADY ki11d 
of Sale!!! 
COflle to 

Assorted Vinyl 
and SAVE 

up to 25% 
'N ... titillli".;te~ 
shop .. 41 .. fDr btst seuaiD" 
CAll: 534-2733 
AssDrtell Vi .. yl 
UCSD Priu CAnter 

LIVE! FROM NBC's 
"SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE!'I 

DAVID SPADE A S 
DAM ANDLER 

May 30 • Saturday • Price Center Theoter • 8pm 
UCSD St. $3 • GA $7 • UCSD Box Office 534·6467 
. presented by University Event Office & ASUCSD 

FROM ENGLAND • REPRISE RECORDING ARTISTS 

May 31 • Sunday • Price Center Theoter • 8pm 
UCSD St. $9 • GA $11 • UCSD Box Office 534·6467 

presented by University Events Office & ASUCSD 

MUlOOS 
WEDNESSDAY· FREE 

PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

9 



10 SPORTS 

ATTENTION 
GRADUATE STUDENTS: 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

WIll BE HElD ON 

Date: Sunday,iune 14, 1992 
PWce: Universiry Price Center Ballroom 
TiJM: 12 Noon 

Ph.D., M.F.A., and Masters degrees confemd 

Rectprion: Universiry Price Center Plata 

5tudrnn who have complctrd all rcquirrmcnts by Friday, J"nc 5. 
and are eligihle to participate hould contan OG Rat K4H 6. 
Contact the bookstore for cap and gown Itntal at KH568. 

HE UCSD PRE MED CLUB 

is proud to present: 

An Evening with 
Dr. Jonas Salk 
Nobel Prize Winner, UCSD Professor 

Wednesday, May 20, 7 p.m. 
Garren Auditorium, 

Basic Science Building 

Free admission. All are invited. 

-----------------------------------.~----------------~ 

ORBEY'S 
LA JOLLA MARRIorr 

TUESDAY NIGHTS 

~~t"ets & ~OO~ 
Catcb all tbe major 
sporting events on 

6 color monitors and 
2 Big Screen TVs! 

$5 PITCHERS 
Late N~ht Jammin' 

to CIcJssic Rock 
TOllREY'S A S;1Jl Diegu 
Nightclub lowed in the 4240 LII ..... VlIIICe Dr., LII Jolla CA t2037 

lA Jolla Manion (111)117·Ul4 at. -

The UCSD Guardian 

BASEBAU 
ContInued .......... 11 
gas. The senior hurler yielded four 
consecutive hits. the last being a 
triple down the rightfield line. 

David Rex then ovenhrew third 
base, allowing the Kingsmen 's Bob 
Farmer to troc home for the go-
ahead run. 

Thomason left the garrle for Kurt 
Luhrsen after 62/3 innings.The se-
nior recorded three strikeouts while 
conceding eight hits and four runs. 
three of them earned. 

The Tritons evened the tally at 
four when Doran Yount grounded 
out with the bases loaded, scoring 
Ernie Isola from third base. 

Kingsmen reliever Mike Teron 
(4-0) was able to stifle the Tritons in 
the ninth and 10th innings and picked 
up the win afterCaJ Lutheran crossed 
horne plate in the bottom of the 
10th. 

Despite the intensely-fought 
game, both teams kicked the ball 
around on defense, combining for 
seven errors. 

"lfIhadbeendisappointedabout 
anything in this series it would be 
the defense." commented Yates. 
whose Triton squad committed 14 
errors over the four games. 

Game two, on Saturday. was also 
decided in the lOch inning when 
Doran Yount singled home Dave 
Valdez for UCSO's 2-1 victory. 

Bren! Hansen (10-0) taned the 
game for the Tritons and turned in 
eight innings of one-run ball. De-
spite allowing eight hits and six 
walks, the senior stand-out escaped 
with only a 1-0 deficit 

"From top to bottom they're 
pretty good," said Hansen. citing 
the talented Cal Lutheran lineup, 
which hit for a .330 average in the 
regular season. 

"I pitched one of my better 
games, but statistically it didn't 
show," he said. 

UCSO Carrie up in the bottom of 
the ninth, three outs away from los-
ing game two. With one out. Steve 
Wrenn was nailed in the fOOl by 
staner Pat Norville and took first 
base. Isola drew a walk to put run-
ners on first and second, but Rex 
popped up his first pitch for the 
second out. 

Magdaleno stepped to the plate 
as the Tritons' last hope for victory. 
Thejuniordesignated hitter pulled a 
one-hoppertoward Kingsmen short-
stop Dan Smith, which skipped past 
the tournament's co-MVP. Wrenn 
storrrlCd across the plate with the 
rying run, sending the game into 
extra innings. 

Valdez led off the 10th inning 
with a single and wound up on third 
base after a Kingsmen error and a 
fielder's choice. Pinch hitter Doran 
Yount stepped to the plate and 
slapped the game-winning single 
into center field with OI'IC out 

Freshman Steve Height picked 
up the Tritons' only tOUfnarrlCnt win 
after tossing two innings of shutout 
relief. Height walked only one bat-
ter as he made quick wor1c of his 
Kingsmcn counterparts. Height fin-
ished the tournament with five score-
less innings under his belt. 

UCSO was not quite as fortunate 
in the second game of Saturday's 
twin bill,dropping the contest 8-7 in 
the bottom of the nindl iming. 

The Tritons sent Denny Kubinski 
(2-1) to the mound, while the 
Kingsmen threw Jason Berman 
(3-0). Bats on both sides quickly 
came alive, as UCSD scored three 
times in the third inning. 

Lubs and CataJdo each singled 
before Isola launched atwo-out triple 

Monday, May 18,1992 

Steve Height gave up only one hit in five innings of work against CLU. 
off of the rightfield fence. 1be se-
nior centerfielder dove safely into 
third and scored easily after a 
Kingsmen overthrow. 

Cal Lutheran responded with a 
four-run founh inning, chasing 
Kubinski after31/J innings. Kubinski 
gave up three runs. two of them 
earned, on two hits and six. free 
passes in his no-decision effort_ 

Frcstunan Todd Horvath. who 
threw only two innings in the regu-
lar season. came on jll relief. 

Horvath was pegged for four 
hits and four runs in one iMing after 
getting a crucial bases-loaded 
strikeout. Horvath ~as given linle 
help by the defense, which hurried 
the runners along with two more 
errors. 

Rex. pushed the Tritons back in 
front with a two-run double in the 
fifth inning. Bennan hung an inside 
curve to Rex, which he thwnped off 
of the leftfield wall, scoring Lubs 
and Cataldo. Isola later scored on a 
Magdaleno ground-out. putting the 
Tritons up 6-4. 

Cal Lutheran scored three times 
in its half of the fifth inning. and the 
game once again entered the ninth 
inning at a deadlock. 

Kurt Lulmen. who tossed 32/3 
innings of effective ball. surrendered 
a lead-off single to Eric Johnson. 
Qean-up hiner Jay Lucas followed 
withadribbling bunt which hugged 
the first base line. Rex, thinking the 
ball would roll foul, decided to let it 
go. The ball hit the front of first base, 
and Johnson sprinted safely to third 
base. 

Luhrsen intentionally walked the 
next Kingsman to set up a force out 
al horne. 1be nellt batter slapped a 
grounder which was headed towards 
left field. Reserve third baseman 
Olris Miyake made a diving snare, 
but threw wide of home plate. al-
lowing the winning run to score. 

Luhrsen (3-3) picked up the loss. 
despite yielding only two hits and 
no walks, 

Though UCSOenreredSunday' s 
game with a 2-1 deficit. Blum was 
happy with the team • s perfonnance. 

"'This leatn has a lot of fight in it and 
we showed it with the first three 
games," said the senior third 
baseman. "1bey were three of the 
most intense garrICS l' ve ever played 
in." 

Getting the intensiry level up was 
not as easy for UCSO on Sunday. as 
they could only scrape up three hits 
to counter Cal Lutheran's I(}..run 
bombardmenL 

Flanagan (7-3) staned for the 
Tritons but found hard luck in the 
first inning. UCSO'sdefense booted 
four balls in the opening stanza, as it 
fell behind 4-0. Cal Lutheran added 
two more in the second, and chased 
Aanaganwithfourrunsinthefourth 
inning. 

Hanagan lasted 31/3 innings and 
was charged with nine runs, only 
four of them earned. The junior 
southpaw gave up seven hits and 
picked up the loss. 

Thomason and Height closed 
down the Kingsrr.en scoring with 
solid relief outings. 

Offensively. UCSO could seat-
ter only three hits against Cal 
Lutheran's Mike Winslow (7-1). 
Rex pick.ed up two hits on the day, 
giving him four hits in the series. 

Winslow hurled a complete-
game shutout to seal Cal Lutheran's 
bid for the Collegiate World Series. 

Winslow's performance earned 
him a spot on the All-Tournament 
squad. which was dominated by 
Kingsmen. 

Tritons named to the squad were 
Blum. Isola. and Yount, who led all 
staners with a .333 average in the 
playoffs. 

1be low oomberofTriton selec-
tions was mainly due to the team's 
.208 average over the four-game 
series. 

Despite losing in the playoffs' 
opening round. Yales was plelMd 
with theiroveraJl season. "I'm proud 
of this ballclub," said the II th-year 
coach, who pulled the team up from 
last year's 15-23 record. 

" We played a tremendous series 
and a tremendous season. (The final 
game)docsn't diminish anything." 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

BASEBALL 
ContInued ........... 18 
said. "After playing three games 
like we did. all one-run ball games. 
it'stough to corr.e out strong again." 

UCSOcommitted five errors on 
Sunday, paving the way for five 
unearned runs. The batsmen could 
only muster up three hits in retaJia-
tion as their dreams of a nationa1 
championship vanished. 

In Friday's series opener, Cal 
Luaheran scored in the 1ionom of the 
10lh inning to defeat the Tritons 
5-4. giving the Kingsmcn an carty 
1-0 advantage. 

Reliever Ryan Aanagan issued a 
pair of walks to put the winning run 
in scoring position. Second baseman 
Jason Wilcox followed with a line 
drive single to center, chasing horne 
the go-ahead run, 

Yates had elected to start right-

w. POLO 
ConIInued ........... 15 
with a 18-2 blowout. Reiton led the 
Tritons again with seven goals and 
Dailey contributed five. 

On Saturday afternoon, UCSO 
bumped heads with thetoumament' s 
second-ranked team, Slippery Rock 
(PA). 

The Tritons seemed 10 have the 
garrle well in hand going inlo the 
fourth period with a 7-3 lead, But 
Harper feels the referees made an 
effort to keep the game close. 

"We drew at least five ejections 
and two four-meter shots and [the 
referee] didn't do a thing," he said. 

The Rockets managed to pull 
within one at 7-6 but time ran out 
and the Tritons took the win. 

Saturday evening's game against 

hander Bryan Thomason (5-2), 
UCSO's number-three pitcher in the 
rotation. The Kingsmen threw ace 
Steve Dempsey (10-1), and both 
pitchers remained unscathed 
through six innings. 

The Triton batsmen jumped on 
Dempsey in the seventh when des-
ignated hitter Marcos Magdaleno 
started things off with a base hit. 
David Blum followed with an op-
posite-f.eldshot which easily clearcd 
the rightf.eld fence for his third home 
run of the season. 

Two outs later, Dave Lubs 
reached first on a single and ad-
vanced to second on a Dempsey 
balk. Lcad-off hitter Guy Cataldo 
crushed an RBI double into the aI-
ley, putting UCSO ahead 3-0. 

Bryan Thomason quickJy retired 
the first two Kingsmen in the sev-
enth inning before running out of 

See BASEBAll., Page 10 

Cal Poly San Luis Obispo was no 
easy feat either. The two teams were 
tied 6-6 entering the fourth period. 
Admittedly, Harper was a little ner-
vous. 

"I was a little concerned," he 
said. "But I told the team - ' no 
question, you're going to win this 
game.' " 

UCSOclamped down on defense 
but still had a little trouble slipping 
the ball past Mustang goalie Jadine 
Kramer, who also happens to be the 
goalie for the U.S. women's na-
tional team. 

But Harper was able to adjust. 
Moving Swail inlo Ihe two-meter 
position. he was able to bring Dailey 
and Reiton outside. 

TheTrilons'twobiggunshelped 
them gain an 8-6 advantage. and the 
win. 

The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 11 

Tritons Just 'Ran Out of Gas' 
• B_aball: Despite 
tough shedule. pitching 
rises to the occasion 
By Greg Wrenn 
Staff Writer 

After the UCSO baseball te:un 
had dropped the fourth and deciding 
game of its Western RegionaItour-
namentto Cal Lutheran. Triton Head 
Coach Lyle Yates simply said, "We 
just ran out of gas." Yates knew the 
five-games-in-three-days schedule 
would be a k.ilIer for both teams. and 
his prediction was right. 

80th UCSO and the Kingsmen 
were physically and mentally ex-
hausted by the time it was over, as 
the rigorou series took its toll. "It 
was a hell of a series, but the tank 
wasemptythereattheend. We were 
both tired and drained," Yates said. 

The Triton defense was affected 
most of all. as UCSO played un-
characteristically sloppy defense the 
entire tournament. The four-error 
first inning inyesterday's game gave 
the Kingsmen a quick 4-0 lead and 
killed any Triton momentum before 
it had a chance to get started. "I was 
shocked by our defense. Normally, 
we're a really solid ballclub, but 

W. TENNIS 
ContInued from page 15 
7-6. 

UCSO's number-six player, 
Michelle Wilbur, smashed Trish 
Whitefield, picking up lhe malch 
6-2.6-0. 

The doubles results were not as 
pleasing. UCSO, after leading lhe 
show, cooled off during the three 

'r' 

nothing went right for us today. 
[The defense I is what I was most 
disappointed with in this series," 
Yates said. 

Surprisingly, the pitching staff 
was not as affected by the grinding 
schedule as Yates thought it would 
be. 

" It was a definite stretch, but I 
thought all our pitchers threw well. 
[Steve) Height. [Todd) Horvath and 
[Bryan] Thomason especially did a 
really good job for us," the coach 
said. 

Thomason started the first game 
on Friday and pitched 62/J innings 
before retiring with a 3-0 lead. He 
also came on in rei ief of stalter Ryan 
AanaganduringSunday 'sgameand 
pitched 2lb innings giving up two 
hits and no earned runs while strik-
ing OUI three. 

"'Thomason threw a lerrific game 
on Friday and then showed a lot of 
hean today when he came in," Yates 
said. 

Horvath. a freshman who had 
pitched only two innings during the 
regular season, was called upon in 
the fourth inning of Saturday's sec-
ond game. It was tirr.i! to grow up 
fast. With bases looded and only 

following matches. 
Inaba and House lost their match 

in a cumbersome three sets, 7-6, 
6-7,6-2. 

UCSO's third-ranked doubles 
team. Catherine Yim and Wilbur, 
bounced back for the Tritons, and 
helped the cause with a 4-6, 6-4, 
6-2 win. 

The women's team is now home 
receiving well-deserved pmise for 

one out, Horvath forgot his inexpe-
rience and struck out the first man 
he faced. 

Height proved 10 be the biggest 
surpri e of the lournament for 
UCSO. The freshman proved to be 
almost untouchable over his five 
innings of wor1c. 

He pitched the first game in 
Saturday's doubleheader. coming 
in during the ninth inning for stalter 
Brent Hansen. Down 1-0. Height 
shut down the Kingsmen, retiring 
six in a row to close out the I(}" 
inning game and pick up his first 
win of the season. 

During yesterday's battle, he 
came in to start the seventh and shut 
out the fiery Cal Luther.!n lineup. 
holding the Kingsmen to only one 
hit with two strikeouts and no walks. 
"Height threw like he was 29 [years 
old) out there, he responded very 
well." Yales said. 

"I had nothing to lose and every-
thing to gain, because nobody ex-
peCIS much from a freshman," 
Height explained. "I felt some pres-
sure when I was warming up, but 
once I got out on the field, it just 
disappeared. and I was confident I 
could throw strikes." 

their incredible perfonnance marl<-
ing the end of the 1992 season. "It 
was a great end to the season." said 
a pleased House. 

But the Tritons aren't ready to 
rest on their laurels. 

"We Ihink next year is going to 
be our yearto win [il alii." LaPlante 
said. 
Sports Editor Ken Perlman coo-
trlbuted to this story. 

ail Into Summer Health Care 
atSTUDENTHEALTHSERWCE 

MOS-r LIKELY 
"'O#~SDCCEED. 

WhEN? BEGiNS JUNE 14, 1992 thROUGh SEPTEMbER 18, 
1992 

Who is EliqiblE? CoNTiNUiNG UNdERGRAduATES, GRAdUATE ANd 
MEdiCAl STUdENTS, JUNE GRAdUAtES 

COST? 

INcludES: 

Also AVAilAblE: 

INSURANCE: 

ONE,riME $ 50.00 fEE fOR SUMMER CARE. 
FEE OOES NOT INCLUDE INSURANCE 

PRiMARY CARE, URGENT CARE, WOMEN'S CliNic, 
IN,houSE lAboRATORy ANd X'RAY 

PltARMACY, DENTAl ANd ViSUAl CARE ON A 
fEE,fOR.-s£RViCE bAsis (NO ONE,TiME fEE NEEdEd) 

STUdENT liMitEd INSURANCE PIAN (SUP) is NOI iN 
EffECT ()\IER ThE SUMMER. ENROll iN ThE VolUNTARY 
INSURANCE PIAN (VIP) $167 by July 14. VIP 
iNcludES OUTpATiENT, REfERRAl, EMERGENCy 
COVERAGE ANd hospiTAliZATioN. 

SiGN up NOW AT SrudENT HEAhh SERViCE 
FOR MORE iNfORMATiON CAli ~ J4 .. J JOO 
FOR iNSURANCE iNfROMAtiON CAli ~ J4 .. 212 J 

Name: IBM~ Personal System!211'1 
Major: Advanced Academic Excellence 

Special Contributions: 
-Helps organize notes and revise papers 

-produces high-quality graphics 
-gives up to a 40% discount to eligible students, faculty and staff 

Nicknames: "Brainy," "Study Buddy," "OJ' Reliable" 
Motto: "Always be user friendly" 

===~=:. .=® 
- - - ---
-
- ----
- - - ---- -.,-
- -,-

College Hotline 587 - 5709 

I BM's Educational offerings are the 
COMPLETE solution for your computing 
needs. These offerings include an IBM 
PS/2 computer packaged with a 3.5" 
1.44MB disk drive, keyboard, VGA color 
monitor, IBM mouse, and a number of 
preloaded software programs. 

LJCSD 
HC-'C)K'STOH~ =UCSD BOOKSTORE 
-

g,,:'>~ COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 iiiiliii~= OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT lOAM· 5PM 



12 CLASSlFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
laIIleaue '" IIw GuMIan Spnng 1121 THURS. e/ 
4. (5118-611) 
aw- CAItlIn NtahI - T,..".. 0..-. 
t.tuak:. ArtH_. Ethnic Food. Inc ..... tlonal 
c.tIaf. MonIMy, May 11.1:30 p.m. (5111) 
SPECIAL STUDENT PRICEI "The Women· III 
the San DIego Repertory ThaaIet on T ueaday, 
Iotay 26 - ~II $10111 A gtNI play. plus I diIcuNlon aft..-wwoe willi the _ . Help 
.. ve lhe Repl For tIciIeIa and Into come 10 the 
Won>en's ~roo CenIer. 2nd tIoor. Prb 
CenIef. NOWI (5118) 
NEED A RIDE OR GIVE A RIDE? ,.... rtc:Ie 
ehare boaftI IocII8d In front 01 FOOO CO-OP. 
Delllnallone aI OW< CalIf • US, .,... pcIIII ....... 
you W8I1I to go or ...,.,. you .. going. GREAT 
FUN. (5118) 
..... Ico. 5 da)'l hoi ... roundIrtp aIrt .. , Pueno 
V_a or MazIIIan 5299. ,.... Wave Travel. 
578-1141 . (5114-5118) 
CULTS & CHURCHES THAT ABUSE - will be 
the aubjecl of. _forum, WednMday. May 
20. 4 p.m .• Prb Caneer Gallery A. CIwt8IIan 
Sociologist Ronatd Enroth. Ph.D. will pr-.t . 
sponsored by United campus t.tIniaIry. (511 1·51 
18) 

These 
adverti ers make you 

feel right at home with 
reces ion-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............ .450·3323 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587 ·3680 
BJ's Piua ................ .. .. 455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456-1579 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Heidi's ........... ............... 450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co . .... 456·BAEW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai Cuisine ....... 456·2063 
Sirallord Coffee House 481 ·8590 

UCSD AUTO 
Overseas Aula ............. 695·1990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ........ ................... 450·9494 
Suspension Plus ...... .... 558·8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Allitudes ............ 457·3384 
Years Ahead ................ 546· 7666 
We Care Hair ............... 587·CUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................ ... 455-0909 
Prnwheels ................ .. ... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 
Royalty Nails ................ 483-6188 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Alhlete Cyclery ............. 2n -8255 
Being FiI .............. ......... 483-9294 
ClaSSical Eye .......... ..... 452-7374 
UC Cyclery ................... 452·8842 
Dr. McDonald. Opt ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlus581. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. 005 .459·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva F(owers ...... .... ...... 558·6666 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .......... .... 452·0630 

UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Stor ..... 453·0511 
Miramar at Cabol ......... 549-0500 
UCSD ETC. 
Audiofi le ...... ................. 459·FILE 
Cal Copy .................. .... 452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ....... ...... 2n-6744 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693·1469 
MD Labs ................ ....... 226·1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450·9291 
Ronkin Educalional ...... 587-8600 
Video Gallery ............... 452-1766 
The Bean Bag Man .. .... 578-5745 
51. Germain's ............... 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-t",A'd increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (Jor personal use on!'" ,3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; theft:jorf', ..Ids must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more in/ormation call 534-5416. Mailing address: VCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

DI ... rtatlon Work.hopl. Compl.te your 
dlll.nltion. For wrln.n Iniormilion or 
ICheduIing. call 692-0966. Poetgraduae group. 
(3f3O.6I4 ) 
I'RU YOOUATlI Can, BelIeve WI Vogurt on 
T or-..y PINe Rd. In La Jolla 11M • grNI 2 tor 1 
deal tor III T mona through June 301 (511 1·5121 ) 
Hawaii. 8 daya hoi ... roundlrip IIrt ... WaitdId 
54«. MeoI $49-4 . New Wave Trav ... 578-1141. 
(5114·5118) 
APPAREL ZONE DesIgner IabeIe tor 50-90% 
0", 8250 Camino Sant. Fa. 4»3323. (419-6/4) 
JET TO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SUMMER. 
jolt S269w111l AIRHITCH(r) (no ........... and no 
rMlrk:tlonl-can be one-way 0< each w8'f I) .. 
described In Consum..- Reports & Harvard "L8I', 
Go Europe' guld • . For prlnled program 
deIcripIion & reg. torma. call 800-397· 1098. (4/ 
23--6/4) 
Vegas . 3 daya hoi .. . IIrtare, meals. shows, car. 
S79Iperson. ,....W.veTravel576-1141 . (S'14. 
5118) 
$ .• PARTY DOWN FOR UNDER A BUCKII 
Round Tablelntrocllces 'THE LONG HOT DEAL· 
to usher In ·THE LONG HOT SUMMER: 
T __ Williams may heve brougItI you 'THE 
LONG HOT SUMMER· but Round table brings 
you 'THE LONG HOT DEALlr $ .• BEER. S.M 
PIZZA (alice), U' SODA (32 oz.). Celebme 
the approacll of summer with this opedaI Round 
Table oller now through the end 01 HIIIIa. (5114-
5118) 
CONHECTong with people at UCSD can be 
c:IIfflcuI1. NOT ANY MOREl IrrtroOJdng Triton 
Tel. a tun way to .- people from UCSD. 
people who you woul<l NEVER hev. mel 
OIherwllel Ves. there _ aome (900) number 
-w:.. that.,. OKI See the form below. (5114-
614) 

SERVICES 
SHIPPING: MOVING? Gel your lIu11loge1hef. 
_ •• do lhe re51. The Packaging Store. 792· 
2299. (5118-614) 
For schoIarwhip Inlormllion write to Mycroft 
E nterpnses. 4816 Belt Bluff A VI .. San DIego. 
CA 112119. (514·5128) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New al Cal Copy. Only 
S5.95. While you wail . Xeroxes and more. Near 
S1. Germain·s. 452-91149. (9123·6/4) 
WEDDING BELLS??? Need help with planning. 
ceremony. or who will officiate? Contad Rev. 
Bob Waoa- ' University Chaplain lor 0_ 15 
years - consuhation Inlormatlon upon request. 
call: 534-6951 . (5111 ·5128) 
VIOLINIVIOlA LESSONS. You oryourchikl(ren) 
can learn lrom an experienced. protMsionaJ 
teaCher. Nowaccepting stu<lents - all agee and 
levels welcome. Call Conrad: 552·049-4. (3130-
6/4) 
Olga Bari- Electrologist: 1200101500 halrspe< 
hou'. 3256 Holiday Court. Student <IIacounts. 
558-46441226-1962. (3/30-6/4) 

ATIORNEY. DUI, DM\I. Haras5I1*lI. Famity. 
HourIlng. Ec:tucaIion. Immioratlon. Consumer 
P,obIema. FREE CONSUL fATION. STUDENT 
RATES. 4~. (511 4-614) 
"WANTED 100 PEOPLE: W. wilt pay you to 
10M 10-29 Ills In :lO dayI. All nalurIII. 1-800-377-
8442. (5It 4-611 ) 
CONNECTing with people at UCSD can be 
cttIIcuIt. NOT ANY MoAEI Introc:luc:lng Triton 
Tal • • tun way to .- people ffom UCSD. 
people who you would NEVER have met 
oIherwlael V ... there .. some (900) number 
services thai are 01<1 See the torm below. (S'14-
6/4) 
VOLLEYIIALL LESSONS - Summer Ia here. 
lime to rallne you< bump. ... and spikel 
Expr.JrlC8dvolleyballnalrudorwill teach~· 
peraonaIIzed '-II In grM8. aanc:I or Indoor 
tec:hniquM. " you want to Ieam vaIaybaI ..... 
maka the caI - Greg, 546-1421 . (5114-6/4) 

FOR SALE 
Yaklma bike rack - .... gu1Ier IIyIe roof. locka. 
2 bike trays. great con<IIIion. only 100 or ~. 
270-4838. (511 8) 
Surlboard: Becker 8.5 ft. Iongboard. very good 
con<Ifilon. $140. Pele: 792·8494. (5118-5121) 
79 Honda CX500 deIU •• moIorcycIe. 42K miles. 
Backre8I. helmet. Color: burgan<Iy. S550. 272· 
2729. (St_). (5111-512 1) 
Chariahed and pampered~: Vamaha 
trumpet SI75. Fender t .. _er wi custom 
GIbaon lead pIc:II-up. Sl75. 272-2729. (S'18-51 
21) 
1986 Honda Spree. Low miles. good cor-01ion. 
Cheap tranepor1atlon. Parf<lng always available. 
$450. Stelanle 483-41 OS. (5111-5121) 
FISH AOUARIUM 15 gallon. 2 pumpa. heater. 
coral. stand. plants, ffsh (including Alrican Irogs) 
sea. 270-4838. (5118) 
9' equare talt long board with travel bag. S 150. 
Call 792·19-47. (5i11-5121) 
31 1 !be. weights. DP bench. cu~ & .1ra/gh1 bars 
and dumbbells. $185. Call 551 -8788. (5118-51 
21) 
Centurion Ironman . 63 em . Shima no 105. 
e.cellen! conc:lltlon. $270 obo. CalJ Steve. 259-
7602. (5118-6/1) 
HEWLETI·PACKARD HP·4ICV Sclenlillc 
programmable calculator with magoetlc card 
reader: ellie_ IUnctlons. and high level math 
modules; recharger. documentation. soltward. 
Cost 0_ $500. yours tor $90. Bill . 452-7525. (51 
18-5121) 
1981 Subaru wgn. 5 spd, S975; Hertlie FI8ICher 
sur1board. Tl0· egg, 5160: 5-p<: rananltloral 
lurniture sel.like new, 5250. 632-1483. (5111-51 
26) 
TIRED OF BUMMIN' rides ott 01 your 
roommates?? 1981 Malibu ClassIc torsale. BEST 
OFFERtl481 ·6968. (5118-5128) 

2 Orion lCTRIO 10· ......... $ 120 each. BoIIon 
Acoue1IcI Pro 10-WOOIIr $100. OrIon 500 PMO 
equalizer $400. AI competiIion-gra car au<IIo 
equipment. ,.... In box ... 554-1&e8. (5111-151 
26) 
For ..... 11l6e MuaIang. 289 AT _ Interior· 
$3400. Cal 558-59011 tor Info. (5118) I. K-.aIU Ninja 600R. orIy 10.600 mille. 
new braI<M. grNI condition. Helmet and Kryplo 
lock 1ncIu<I8d. $2500 1Irm. cat! Dave 792·1834. 
(S'11·5I21) 
'84 VW RabbiI. tu/W grNI. white. puII-OIJ1l1ereo. 
great MPG. $2500 obo. 793·3557. (5.'18) 
'81 Mazela GLC hatchback. Good running 
condition. $500 obo. Cal Caw @ 259-5583. (5/ 
18-5121) 
FORSALE:T"Iampe. $2O{pIoIr;FujllO-~. 
S40; rocking ChaIr. $125. cat! 455-0450. (5118) 
AirtI". tIcIceI. One way SO to Miami 5131 . $185 
obo ($75 10 change CIaIe). Diaeount vouchers : Conti_. USAI, up to $100 oft roundlrip 

~. exp. 5J3111i12: 2O'Y. on Me.Ico. 54&-
8809. (5118) 
PHANTOM OF THE OPERA Los Angel .. 
Ahmanaon ~ ... 2 ticl<el. tor Saturday. May 
30 performance. Need to ... 1 Stephanie 390-
9951 (leave meeeags). (5118-5126) 
StWerc ~ $25; ~ ~ $25; other 
hoo.MhoId Items. HeIIher 48&Q864. (5I11 ·S'18) 
TYPEWRITERS- Royll EIec:trtcISeIf CorNcIing 
XLNT. Stanc:Iarc:t lize $ 135. 562-425 or 4:z5: 
7078. (5111·5118) 
WhIte F1nIbIrd tale 82. V6. 80.000 rni. Excel 
condo $2900. 558-8211 . (514-5.'18) 
lnexpenahle ~. twtn be<I and electric guitar. 
AI in great shape. 558-2469. (5114-6/4) 
Sur1t.oard lor sale. 8'5· Ihruster. E.c .... nt 
conct1ion . 19· .23/8·. 457-3308. (5114-5121) 
GREGORY BACKPACK. Internal IrlllM. grNI 
oonCIItIon.l.Ie8d ontytwice. $90, 259-6807. Jerrrf. 
(5114·5121 ) 
Wma email HoItI ... lUlI-au" $130, men', email 
O'Neil springsuh $40. 8'8· minl-egg surfboard 
$170. 452·3970. (5114·5121) 
IBM PS/2 FOR SALE . 286. VGA color. 30MB 
HD, more. Must seH. S5750b0. 548-1197.(5114-
5118) 
Nelli Nil 000 with Nl4000 1 T monochrome. 8MB 
RAt.t. 256MB opIlcaI, 40MB Disk. $2.200. ~ 
1891. (5114·5/18) 
FOfI SALE: Datk oak bedroom .... Excellent 
conct1ionl 0_. mimlt. andnightstan<lSI50. 
Single be<l1or $100. Call JamIe 554-C127. (51 
1.·5118) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Man'. walch on La Jolla Farms Ortve. 
Please calf Molly, 587·9166. (511 1-5118) 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

WANTED 
SIww dItwIna and gil 10 ChIcago In.luna. YaAJI 
_ 01 1NnI. HeIIIiir 481-0IIII4. (5111·15118) 
TEN PEOPLE with HEADACHES. CINgIeu 
1IwrIpy • ..- ,..., CALL CARaotEN 452-
2882. (5111·5111) 
WIftI8d: CIer.cU. ~. hMIIhy IYI* tor 
TV COIIIIIIIIdIIa. Cal (119) 1I~1015. (i517-5I 

~I) 

"'-Halpl AlMln:tlIUIIjeaa na8d8dt"""". 
college 101 . 1 aInaIe paIWIl. Short 1rUMew. 
DMpeqrIeI Cal N1i1558-8004. (5I14-S'11) 
WANTED: BaechCNilerbIM Indaclnt CDIdIon. 
FII *-. CUIhf _ . Sc:oa 454-71111. n-tcal 
(S'14-5I11) 

HOUSING 
SU ...... ER SUBlET-.padoua 3bdrm 
-..- wi wid. ~. pool. PI'IdnII. 
Pertac:t tor 3 01 41*1P1e. ,.. EaatQIIit ..... l 
UCSO. A ..... michJune 10 ..... 5."1. SI100/m0. 
Cal 458-\1478. (511 H1I4) 
FOR RENT: lJ"'-dy CII)r Playmor. 3BR. 
2.58A: 1550eq.ft . condo; aI~;CLEAN 
AND OUIET. July 1: 45e-8022. (15118-5121) 
FOR RENT:3BR. 2BA. 1400SO.FT. ENCINITAS 
CONDO: VERY ClEAN AND OUIET. END UNIT: 
JULY 1. 454-6462. (5118-5121) 
Summer 1UbIet. 2 bedtooms. 1 .. paopte. sseo. 
Walk 10 belch. UCSD. bus. AvaitaIlIe 6/16-911. 
558-09511. (5118) 
SUmm .... ubl .. (&1~~roomlnapacious 
UTC con<Io. Waldng cislance to Vona and 
busIIne. w8lh8r1c:ltyer. callie. pool. $320 .. 113 
1ItiIiIIea. 558-2634 or 457-2742. (S'11-5I21) 
PERFECTSU ...... ERHOMEIHuge2~2 
bath with aI IIw -... (tnctuclng -'*1 
c:Irye< and AIC). FurtWhed common _ . 2 
poat . jacuzzi, racquetball. BBOa, premier ~ 
_ . Von'. and UCSO bus lIop ". .. c:IoorI 
Rent whole ($865) or room (cal). Cal 535-9528. 
(Available 6/14) (!i!1 1-5I21) 
OCEANVIEW La JoIII house In •• dusive 
reaI<Ien4iaI _.very ctoae 10 campue • beach 
~ summer '-8Iee. Inc:Iu<IeI c:Ied<s, 
pool and pallo. wid. and Ia tumIrshed. cat! Michelle 
ImmedllIIeIy. 454-7703. (5(11) 
Fum.h8d room in t.tinI ..... ,ownhouM. Pool. 
w/el. own balcony. available 6/15-9115, $350. 
549-7381. (5111-Si26) 
WIncIer.- Beach: __ 2be<1room. 1 bIIhroom 
. /2g1r1e. $280 tor 2. $475 tor 1. 459-74511. (5118-
5121) 
2 bIIcIrooms (one maaIer) In ttne becIroom. 2.5 
batIl conc:Io ... UTC. Pool. jacuzzi. tennta. 2 car 
aItach8d gIWIOI. A ...... mIchJuna 1InIuttt ..... 
August. S4551S415 obo. 558-6757. (511',5126) 
Need 1 or 2 people tor ma_ be<Iroom .. La 
Jolla International Gardene ApIs. Lebon Dr. 5275 
mo. perparaon .. utIIIIiea. Nee<Iad ffom beginning 
of June. Cal Harry 558-0579. (5I1S-5121) 
SPACIOUS. SUNNV. INEXPENSIVE CONDO 
... RegerUand NobII avaIIebIetorsumm..-or 
aummer and ned achooI year. 3 BORMI2BA TH. 
pool. $lOOO1month. Aviv 558-6969. (511S-5121) 
Available June 15. tum/She<l room. spactous 
81u<1ent con<Io. MIra ....... pool , jacuul. $3101 
month. Paul 549-6642. (S'18·5128) 
Female. noo-smoIdng roomma18(s) wanted: own 
room and bath ($400) or share mast&< bedroom 
and bath tor $275 each In a tum/She<l2 bedroom 
apI. Gym. pool. parking, clol8 10 campus. 
bu8IInes. Cal 457-4279. (5118-611) 
Female roommate wanted - summer rental. 
Own bedroomlbath In completely lumiahed 
apartment. Bedroom tum.h8d also. UTOOCSD 
111M. Available miO-June 10 mi<l-Sept or end 01 
August $3951mo. o1llltles Included. Leave 
message at 458-9389. (5118-6/4) 
AVAIL. 6115 - Two lemaies 10 share master 
be<Iroom at LJ International Gardens. Pool . jacuzzi. tlness roomwlth .... _obice. votIeybaII 
court. pool lable. Bike, walk or bus to UCSD. 
$2691mo. 587-8757. (5118-5121) 

r---------------------------------------------, ~~r than ever, whatever the sealOn, to call... " ., '. I 
....... , ' 

! . T ritonTel i 
I y .. , you CIOn moM tho! penonaI co.wtedlon aU ~ 'round. To recotd)'OUl VoIcIMoll ""SlOp, ~ 'fOAII TouchTone phone to d1a11,9()()..AU 1050... I 
I Wow the prompII to get ~ own mailbox & canRdentfoI past c:ode. I 
: Order your free ad nowl Select one of thue cdIgorieI for ywt od: I 

1. M noge. from M.n 3. AIIIrnoIh. ur..tyles 5. Renlala/RoommaIII/Rldethar!t 7. TIck ... Boughl/Sold & Fantasy Tripe I 
2. Meeeagee from Women 4. SIudy Pc.tnen 6. General Shared In ....... 
Complete this ad form: 
Wrlle ywt ad, one word per boll. and Il1011 II to: 

CAMPUS CONNECTION 
101 Townsend St" San FranciBco. CA 94107 

You ad wi. oppear In !he Mild poua,Ie .... cMIl18 tNt ,.... pubIiIIIing 
cycle .• rou ",..., ... COlI ... n you a IIICIII. numb. and ..,. }"CIU 'f'NI 
poll ~.lAIlnfantalion II canU.n1lal. YtNt .... '0 ... wtI be ICNeMCl 
"'-e do not 1M 10'11' IaeI no .. , adchu, phone """'_«.., upkIt .... 
language. No ode ... "" anyone UIIcIer 18 wiI be CICCIf*clI CAnGON: __________________________ _ 

~:.---------------------------- .. ------~------~------~------~ Addr.: CIty: -----------=~~: ----
Phone Numbere:( I I 1-1 ____ --- • ___ .... ___ ... ___ ... ___ .. 

L oa;tM EWt: ---------------------------------------------~ 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

38R/2BA La Regencja apI. $1250 .. <Iep. or )lilt 
..- BA S660 .. <Iep. and/or Iingte ($340 • 
clap.) 2 pooIt. ipI. weigI1I room.lI8IObica. 88QJ1Ity 
bldg. 4 lIMing epacee - 458-1198. (5118·5121) 
Room,.,..) wanted. Large maaI ... bedIoom. 
La Jolla. Ivallable June 1. lrae laundry. poat. 
gym. epa. Have two cats. $360 plus 1/3 U1lIi1ieI 
or $212 plus 114 utilities. ShaIfene 530-3911. (51 
18-5121 ) 
Roornma1 .. wanted lor summ..-to $hare mast&< 
bedroom Innia! condo In Unlv. CI1y. $28OIpeISon. 
~. non-smoI<er male or 1emaIe. Available mid-
June to mid·Sepl. CalJ 558-5760. (5118-5121) 
2-3 upetairs roome available lor summ ... In 
turrQhec:l 5 bedroom UnI\I8tSity CIty house (1 
tully tumiahe<l room lvallable June 1. OIlier June 
15). Pets ok. storage apace, yard. garage. 793· 
0761 or 554-1180. (5118-5118) 
Roornm .... wanled. 2 rooms avallabl. In 3 
be<Iroom W1ndansea house. $384Imonlh. 456-
5066. (5118-611) 
Summer roommale. Own room wilh bath. 
Fumished Del Mar 2501month. Nonsmoker. 792-
1879. (5118-5128) 
Maleroommalene8d8dS3OOimonlh .113 utilities. 
Cleirernont. cal 275-4289 Randy or TIm. (5118-
5128) 

Large m ..... bedroom with own bath. balcony. 
In 3-be$oom condo tor one or two nor-.moIdng 
81u<1ents. Pool. spa.. _ /dry" , $500 lor room 
plusllhareol ..... ($250eachlOrtwo). Availlble 
.luna 15. ~ 0 550-1471 . (5118-5128) 
WI houM-lit orlUblet lOr part or II of aumm..-. 
UCSO alumnus. Non-amoker. Nancy (213)852-
7019. (5118-5121) 
LooIring tor aaphIIr IemaIea 10 find a place .... 
campua and to live togeIher alarlinglhillUmm..-. 
Noarnoldng. Noclrlnklng. c.It J. 558-19911 ASAP . 
(5111-5(121 ) 
PerfecltorlrllllUmmerll8e8lon.largebedloom. 
~ 5 min. from UCSD. A'/1I11. 611.-817. 
"..".. pret.rreCI to .... w/ 2 lamalea. $550 tor 
whole II8e8Ion or b.o. JI 453·3950. (5111·5121) 
......... be<Iroom quiet UTC area. Near UCSD 

~CenIer. PooI.jacuzzi. tennta. racquetbaI. 
voll.yball. bask.,ball. clubhou... garage. 
balcony. canyonvIew. Male gract.ate preIerr8d. 
$4111.50. 6192 to 6193. WIkle 558-6474. Roy .. 
457-2742. (5111·5118) 
SUMMER SUBLET. Spacious. dean 3BDR 
conc:Io. Near UTC. UCSD. etc. Call us .. 457· 
48451 (5111-5118) 
Large 1 becIroom , 1 bath. It.". to UCSD. fl.<>O', 
jIQIzzl. gym.aarobicI. parklng. S44 7.112 utilities 
- available 6/92.551-6889. (5111 ·5121) 
ROOMMA TE(S) WANTED: Paeltic Beach. 2 BR, 
2 BA Apt. 1 bIocI< ffom beach. One person: own 
bed & blllllIOrS400. UIIt. ortwoperaons: Share lor 
$235. Available: 615. Phil . 272-3 195. (5114-5118) 

La JaIa ..... '" 1-5 ... UCSO. lJnIumIehedI 
IUmi8IIed IUI1I'I\' 1 bedrOom and 8IUCIioa ffom 
S590. Free CIbIe TV. 24 hr. MQII11y. PIIioII 
beIoonIee. 880. By T ...... Joe·a. bus slop. 
1hoPIlina. cat! 452-8850 lOr II1CIYe-ln 1p8CiaIa. 
(5.'11-5.'18) 
312 ooncIO. 2 garages. pool. jacuzzi , fireptace. 
MCUriIy. Wid. '- cond .. avall&1 .$11501month. 
274-3232. (5111 -5121) 
:I be<lroom condo 0" Eastgal8 Malt , available 91 
1. Close to campus. $1I40/month. Also 3 
be<IroomtownhousenearLaJolaV.IageSQuare. 
Available 911. $ 13501mon1h. Nina 792-6453. (51 
11 ·5121) 
Walk 10UCSD.Uarateandupbeal. lntoscience. 
tach . biz, health. and humanity. Share nice 2 
bdrm ..,.. (wilots o'bool<s and a pooItablel) in 
Ralph's Center. S38OImo. John 452~269. (4/ 
27·S!28) 
Want to make money while you are out 01 town 
this summ..-? Rent your house. apartment or 
pan lhereof to responsible taw stu<lenls who will 
be clerklng al Seltzer Clplan Wllklna • 
McMllhon In San Diego. PI_ call 685-3164 
tor IUnher Intormallon. (4/13·6/4) 
NEED 2 PEOPLE - Share room in lurnished 
Del Mar house lor ne .. year. $310. 792·2392 
DenIse. (517·5118) 
CHEAP condo near campusl3 BRI2.5 BA. pool . 
lennis. jacuzzi. Available mld-June 512OO1mo. 
Call 453·7098. (517·5121) 
Female proIen8dlo share large room in opacious 
4 _ . 3 bIIIh house. Own doeeC . S225 .. 115 
utlIitiee. A.1IiIabIe July 1. 549-9104. (5114·5118) 
Fumi8hed room In 3·bedroom townhouse. Del 
Mar • .-rbeach, pool. Available 615-6/30. S285. 
259-8807 Jenny. (5114·5I2t) 
3 roomaavalable 6116-911 in Unished 5 bedroom 
UnlYerIiIy CI1y houIa. Mall ... $360. singteS315. 
5270 (115 utIItles) . WISher/dryer. plenty 01 
partdng, lIoraoa space. II amenities. Females 
only. 453-39811. (5114-8/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 
TELEMARKETERS, PT. Sun·Thurs eves. Sell 
aeuonti.topopularc:lowntowntheaterbeginnng 
major carnpIIgn. Great 1ea<Is. geat earnings 
potentlall Hourly + comm. Must be reliable and 
comrnItIed to the arts. WlItrain. Fun .tmosphettll 
Cal Megan"'''' 5 pm at 5«·1000. (5118·5121) 
Special Prog_ Intem Position 1992193 FIfth 
ResI<Ience Ute. Job 16708 Career SeMces. 
Due noon 5122. (5118-5121) 
Student Outreach Intem positions. 1992193. 
Applications at FIFTH CoIege Dean's office. 
Due 5122. OueeIions? 534·2237. (5112·5121) 
ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT- fisheries. 
Eam SS.OOO./month. For..-nptoyment program 
call 1-206-545-4155 elll . 2072. (5118-5128) 
Great summer jobs. Triple"" Student Painters. 
Hiring painters lor wo'" In Endnltas. Call 1-800-
394-6000 Homan Aslri. (5111·5118) 

TheUCSDGuardian 

CRUlllESHIPS NOWIIRING- Eom$2.000.' 
month. world travel (Hawaii. M •• lco. the 
Cantbean. etc.). HolIday. aumm ... and career 
empioy_ .~.No.xpetlentwnecwaary. 
For empIoymeni program call 1·206-545-4155 
... . C450. (~41 
Top llII1rUCto.-. Only. "'--e. 810, Cham or 
Phyllca. Oracls. POI1docs, Adjuncts wi great 
evals , call 10< pi! or til teaching opportunities. 
Hypetfeaming 1·800·843-4973. (5118) 
NEED MONEY? Wort< evenings at Cambridge 
Cleaners. Campus dose on Regents (by Zebra 
Copy). $5 per hour • no experience necessary. 
Hurryl Call Javier at 558·0709 . (511 1·5121) 
Outs ide com puter sales . S 1500 base + 
commission. Go gener graduate. Fa. ,esume to 
CAL·ABCOlNade,. Fa. It (61 9) 450-9186. (51 
14·512 1) 

PERSONALS 
Special Programs Intem Position 1992193 Fihh 
Residence Ulo. Job 16708 Career Services. 
Due noon 5122. (5118·5121) 
Sludent Outreach Intern positions. 1992193. 
Applications at FIFTH College Dean's oMice. 
Due 5122. Oueslions? 534-2237. (5112·5121) 
Miss Holly Ratelle - Congratulallons on your 
21st Bi~hdayl Seeyoutontghl. -love. Kym (51 
18) 
VOLLEVIIALL LESSONS - Summer Is here. 
lime to reline your bump , set and splke l 
Ei<p8fienced votleyball instructor willteachhighly· 
personalized lessons In grass. sand or Indoor 
techniques. II you wanllo leam volleyball last. 
make the call - Grog. 546-1421 . (5114-614) 

1 WEEK 
FREE 

with any 3 weel< Pre-paid program. 
~AAoI5. 1~. 

........ _r ..... _ 
You Are Always Special 

at Diet Center® 

I ~~.:1 Diet. '~·J~Q~L:. 
CALL LA JOLLA DIET CENTER®TODAV 

459·5979 
7467 Cuvier (off Pearl) 

0991 Coot C'ArOot . ... Wo(Ij loa _ ~ "" R weighI 
I'IIII"IIII'WUmay .,..,..,~. M n;;tn,...s. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
' ~ 
,Ve¢! I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

IIOInaA. 
\,..I Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Oaihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special ,$29 ~reg . $55) 
I. SpaIk plugs Our fUlI6 up includes a lot (ll()(8 /han others, h includes: 
2. Distributor points 6, Clean & replenish an lIuid & oil levels 10. GneCII undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11. Gneck cooling system & hoses 
4. Adjust lining 8. Check dulch 12. Road lesl 

FIJI would like to thank SammieS. AOPi. Della 
Sigs. 0Gs. T riDella. Sig Epa. and Sigma Kappa 
tor wondng with us during Or ...... W_. (5It 8) 
SMOKELESS BAR & GRILL VoUeybar. on the 
corM< '" Grand and Cass In P .B .. la a great8pOl 
lor the UCSDathlellc crowd. Great music. sports 
on the tube. darts and awesome lood. the -V. 
Bar-Is tor youl (514-6/4) 
Technology princess. Our true colors are 
recorded: whlle·grey-brown-green·red·blue· 
yellow. Ustsn. (4/13·6/4) 
GRADUATING? Parents coming? Hers 's a daal 
you truly deserve: call the Shelt Beech t.totet or 
the La Jolla Cov. MoIei. Beautilul rooms with the 
night tile 01 Prospect SI. In back and the Covs in 
IronU UCSD visitor special rates yearround. Call 
459-4306 (Shell Beach) 0' 459-262t (U Cove) 
or call (800) 248·COVE. (5118·6/4) 
The Math Doctor's back l Prolessional math 
Moring lor only $10Ihr. Call Tony Craddock: 
453-7725. (511 t ·6/4) 
CONNECTing wrlh people al UCSD can be 
ditticull . NOT ANV MOREl Introducing Triton 
Tel. a tun way to meet people Irom UCSD. 
people who you would NEVER havs met 
otherwise I Ves, lhere .re some (900) numbor 
services lhat are OKI See the lorm below. (511 4· 
614) 

5. AdjuSI dwell angle 9, Check lights 

,2::~Oint M!ip!~!~~~~cial ('~~~. 50%1090% 
2. Valve aqusrmen: 11. A~SI timing 

Replace: 12. AdjuS! !lweI angle 
3. Valve cover gaskel 13. A~ust carburelor 
4. Spatk plugs 14. Adjust sleering box 
5. Distnbutor poinls 15. Adjus all & fuel ratIO mix 
6. Condensers, 16. AdjuSI dutch 
7. Air Ir~er. 17. Adjust bra)(es 
8. Oil fi~er. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 
9. Gas liller. and 19. Check & adJusl exposed 
10. Engine o~ bellS 

20. Lube Ironl end 

21 . Check & replenish all 
lIuld and oil leoIels 

22, Check elellical system 
23. Checllior loose or lo~1 

bolts 
24 . Check brakes 
25. Checll dulch 
26. CheclllighlS 
27. Check undercarriage lor 

damages 

28. Check and recharge 
battery. rl necessary 

29. ROlale Illes (~ needed) 
30. Check tire pressure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33. Checll cooi ng system & -

hoses • 
34. Check exhaust syslem 
35. Road lesl 

Note: For kyhndfI cars add S20 Toyota &!Pros. add S3O. OalSon 2OOSX .. ~ 8 spark plugs. ~ Sl5. 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
We replace: 

1. Transmission input Shah seal (except 4. Throwout bearing Note : HydraulIC parts are not covered. 
Hondas 5, Pliol bearings NOllor 4WO. Fronl wheel drive eXIra 

2. Pressure plale 6. New transmission oil . 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road lesl 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Front or ffN/I. Sra1r8 job includes: 

.1 . !nstaI special new. pads or insiall rear brake Shoes 5. BleeCI entire brake syslem 
2. Oram Old brake flUId 6. A~Sllron1 (il ctums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspect complete hyciralilC system 7. Replace Iron! rotor seals ~I rotor lurn) 
4. Relil hydraulic fluid 8. Road leSi 
,.,...: Hydrdc pw.are 1101 induded 

........... ...,u. Aek IIbout our spediII rat .. for ........ oye ...... l .. 
AI our .0Itl ..... 2., .. or 2O,0G0-mI1e lI!lllted werrMtJ. 

All ...... lnc:Iude ....... labor. 

o¥ersteaS ('most cats) AuDnoIIWI _. 800~~~!r ~~~990 
~ll fOf appOtnlment. 

•••••••• Towing and rental car available, Monday-Friday. 7:30 am-6 pm. Open Saturday 

BELOW 
RETAIL 

8250 Camino 
Santa Fe 
450 .. 3323 
(Miramar Area) 
Wed.·Fri. 11·7 
Sat. & Sun. 11·5 

and coming soon 
PACIFIC BEACH 

alii). 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

n (Uumbribge 
V Qlleaners 

QUALITY PROFESSIONAL 
CLEANING SERVICE 

-------

15% OFF: 
any dry cleaning order 

Exp. June 4 . 1992. 

CAMPUS CLOSE! 
4150 Regents Row, La Jolla 

next to Ben & Jerry's 

558-0709 

DO YOU 
HAVE ••• 

• Mononucleosis? 

• Measles? 

EARN$$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LAIOHTORIIS 
226·1733 

I 



I. SPOR.TS 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Sofl Len e Extended Soft Len e 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas perm. hard 

*Include : CL exam. care kit. myopic lenses. 30 
Brands include B&L. Cooper. WJ. 
Paraperm. Boston. 

• Pro/. S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llty Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 C1ai remont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave, 

,~ . 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

'] Communications Systems Engineers 
, Software & Firmware Engineers 

..J Digital Hardware Designers 
I ] ASIC Design Engineers 

Send Your Resume 10 : 
CommQuesl Technologies, Inc. 
/99/ Village Park Way, Suite 201 
Encinitas, CA 92024-/967 

A.rtists tbat listen 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 

Q 
Q 
Q 

\\"hol IS YOII,. hair t/oillJ.l 
Ihal )'(J/I /I 'alll il III 
C()/IIf lll/(' d(lillJ.l ~ 
II"hal i.' .I'm/ ,. h(lir t/(lillg 
Ihal ) '(}I/ dCiI/ 'l /I '{IIII 
II In " x.' doill.I.!. .~ 
\\ (I/Ild I'U II lil.>(' S()I lIe-
Ihlll,1.!. lieu ' (II/{I dij/el'elll? 

Look your best ever. 
We have 

"Artists that listen. " 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
$4.00 OFF $5.00 OFF 

(Reg. $21.ooJ (Reg. $26.00J 
HAIR ) SKIN 

NAILS 

The UCSD Guardian Afonday,AlayI8,1992 

UCSD Track Ends Season On a High Note 
, • Tritons take Division n 

foes by surprise, placing 
third and fourth at the 
CCAA conference meet 
By Justine Copn 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD track team wound up 
its conference season on Friday and 
Saturday at Cal State Los Angeles in 
the Califomia Collegiate Athletic 
Association01ampionships. Both the 
men 's and women's teams did better 
than projected, with the men fini h-
ing fourth with 87 points and the 
women placing third with 56. 

lbe meet included leams from 
CSU Los Angeles, Cal Poly Pomona, 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, Cal State 
Bakersfield and UC Riverside. all 
Divi ion II team . 

"Nobody had a bad meet," UCSD 
Head Coach Mark Stanforth said, 
noting that the Tritons had set 18 new 
season beslS. 

"Of the 40 events at this meet. in 
all but four events we scored our 
projected best or better. When the 
chips were down and you had to do it, 
they did it." 

According to SWlfonh, the Tri-
tons had to come from behind and 
beat the odds in several events. "In the 
lasl race, the 4,,400 relay, we were 
rared fourth," he said. "We ended up 
second because the guy who ran last 
ran 47.2 seconds in the anchor leg . .. 
and he wu injured" 

Top finishers for the women in-
cluded Denise McFayden, who fin-
ished first in the I,soo..meter race in a 
time of 4:34.89, and fourth in the 
3,OOO-meter race at 9:59.3. 

Renee Sprowl captured first in the 
triple jump with a leap of 36-6 1/ •. 
while Erica Washington came in sec-
ond in the 1000meter race with a 
12. 17 clocking. 

Other good performances were 
turned in by Yvette Marzullo, who 
carne in fourth in the 400 meters in 
58.49 seconds and Tracy Cole. who 
placed fifth in the 5.000-meter race in 
18: 12.2. Diane Fritz landed in fifth in 
the long jump with a jump of 

.ilion RlclllWa.dIrI 
The UCSD men's team finished fourth at this weekend's CCAA m.eet. 
17-5 J/.. Foy, who finished the ~metCr 

Both the women's 4x 100 meter race in I :53.0l 
relay and 4x400 'meter relay fm- Good performances were also 
ished third, with times of 48.43 and turned in by Fmest am. who fin-
4:07.17 respectively. ished fourth in the 400 meters in 

On the men 's side,ScoaSargeant 49.67; JeffTaylor, whoplaccdfourth 
won boIh the hammer and the dis- in the hammer, tossing it 18S-10; 
cus. He threw the hammer 192-10 and Paul Johnson and Colin Wil-
and broke the school record in the Iiams. who tied for fourth, clearing 
discus on his final throw with a 173- 14-9 in the pole vault. 
10 rocket. The men's relays also ran weU 

Other top finishers were Samuel with the 4x400 meter team capRlr-
Gwynn, who captured third in the ing second in 3: 17.7 and the 4" I 00 
10,000 meter race in a time of meier crew placing fourth in 45.97 
31:47.8; Jeff Hemandez, who was seconds. 
another third-place finisher, fmish- Stanforth was pleasandy sur-
ing the steeplechase in 9:29.5; and prise<! with the results. 
Damian Coleman, who was third in "The conference meet perfor-
the triple jump with a mark of 47- mancewasoutstanding ... lthought 
10. we'd be fifth in men and fourth in 

Other third-place finishers were women. Several people did bener 
Jason Anderson in the 400-meter than projected. and we ended up 
hurdles in 55.51 seconds and Patrick fourth and third," he said. 

Men's Tennis Finishes SeVetlth at Nationals 
• UCSD takes two of four tonwasoneofUCSD'sfewsuccess 
at Division ill national 
tournament in Atlanta 
By Greg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's tennis team fin-
ished in seventh place at the Division 
m national champion hips this week-
end at Emory University in Atlanta. 
The Tritons defealed Redlands 5-2 to 
finish off the weekend's play, which 
they began last Thursday against 
Gustavus Adolphus. 

UCSD opened the toumament at 
5-13 on the season. while Gustavus 
Adolphus posted a more impressive 
17-5 season 11'IIlrlc. That didn't seem 
to matter to the Tritons though. as 
they squeaked by the Golden Gusties 
5-4 to get the lournament taned on 
the right foot. 

"We knew we could play with 
them," said Cbad Morse, UCSD's 
number-one singles player. 

But Morse and his teammates 
couldn't keep the pace up against 
their next opponent. Claremont-
Mudd-Scripps, the number-three seed 
at the championships. The Stags 
showed why they deserved the high 
ranking by defeating the outgunned 
Tritons 6-2. 

The quarterfinal match pitted 
Morse against hi opposite number 
on the Stag ', Ryan McKee. The Tri-

stories on the day. pulling away 
from McKee 6-4. 6-4. 

UCSD's number two player. 
John Cross, couldn't even slow 
down the Stags ' Chris Noves. 10li-
ing 6-0, 6-0. 

Robert Ho was the only other 
Triton able to pull out a win. knock-
ing off CMS' s Chris Sadavasu 6-4, 
7-6. 

The loss forced UCSD into the 
consolation bracket to face seventh-
seeded and host school Emory. 

The Falcons proved to be rude 
hosts, trouncing the luckless Tri-
tons 6-0 with UCSD not able to win 
even a single set. Number three Jeff 
Bethard came closest for the Tri-
tons, losing to Colin White 6-4, 6-4. 

With the loss, UCSD was 
bumped into Sunday's seventh place 
game against the University of 
Redlands, the eighth seed aI the 
tournament. 

Morse Slaned things off with a 
6-3.6-4 win over Todd Born before 
Cross bauled the Bulldog's Gordon 
Williams for a victory in the tough-
est match of the day. 

Cross took the first set from Wil-
liams 6-4 before Williams turned 
the tables and tied things up with a 
7-5 win. The third set stretched iDlO 
another tiebreaker before Cross fi-
nally nailed the win 7-6. 

John Cross 
Redlands won the number-three 

and number-four singles matches 
with Bethard losing 6-4, 7-6 and 
Caner Hedrick dropping his match 
to John Lansville 6-4, 6-4. 

UCSD took the fifth singles 
match when Vem Yarnell swept 
Adam Del Deo 6-3.7-5 and Roben 
Ho won the number six match with 
a 6-4.6-3 win over Mark Mullet. 

The doubles team of Bethard 
and Hedrick finished the day off for 
UCSDwith a 6-2. 2-6,6-3 win over 
Bom and Lansville to give the Tri-
ton.<; the seventh-place finish. 

"We really came together, and it 
showed," Morse said. "We were 
definilely one of the more danger-
ous learns out there. " 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

w. POLO 
ContInued from pace 16 
know it." Reilon later admined. "I 
didn't really feel like we were going 
to win until the founh quaner." 

Despite Reiton's fears, she and 
Dailey helped quiet Harper's nerves 
even more as they led UCSD to a 
three-goal third period. lbe Tritons 
held Davis to only two, to enter the 
fourth quarter tied at 7-7. 

The Tritons managed to fend off 
several Aggie altacks in the founh, 
including two man-up advantages 
early on. With I: 10 remaining in the 
game, and UCSD up by a goal, 
Dailey, who broke her finger in an 
earlier contest against Slippery 
Rock, rifled in a goaito give UCSD 
a 10-8 lead. 

Davis'sChrisry Dickey managed 
to get one more by the Tritons' 
freshman goalie. Leona Mason, to 
cut the lead to one, 10-9, with 43 
seconds remaining. 

The Aggies regained possession 
with 15 seconds left in Ihe game. bUI 
the Trilons managed to lave off any 
more UCD shots as they nailed Iheir 
opponents' coffin shut and took Ihe 
national crown. 

"We juSt had it togelher:' Dailey 
said of the game. "[ Davis) started to 
lose it. We hung on. 

"Wejusl matched up and played 
hard." she added. 

"This is definitely the sweete, t 
[of the three titles)." Harper said. 

"We played the mo I tellar de-
fense you've ever . een:' he aid. 

Perhaps the biggest factor in that 
defense was the play of Mason, who 
had nine blocks for the game. "She 
did a great job," Harper said. "She 
had great composure." 

Dailey led the Triton offensive 
attack as she tossed in five goals. 
Reiton added three while Jane 
Quinn-Harkin and Allison Westfall 

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from pap 16 
time lnaba and House came OUI on 
top, 7-6, 64. 

[nthequanerfinals, UCSD faced 
last season's NCAA Division m 
Champions from Mary Washing-
ton and took a tight 54 victory. 

In the singlescompetition,Inaba 
won her malch against Laura Gra-
ham 6-3,6-2 . 

UCSD's number- three player, 
Diane Chandler, made her oppo-
nent appear to be playing without a 
racket when she picked up a bril-
liant6-I,6-1 win.TheTritons'num-
ber-five player, Amanda Lynch, 
faced contender Pia Holm and won 
the three challenging sets 1-6.7-5. 

See W. TENNIS, Page 11 

Loa" , .. 
Amsterdam 
'_hid 
Co.lica 

fIRS are each ~ bawd 00. 
T~ rot included Some 

Ih<rI< A"''''' ~ stMus moy tx ~nd 
,,,,til.,.,.. IuHtIllcre. 

Council Travel 
ucso PrIce Cmfer (by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sue MapeslGu3'dlM 
Despite the physical play, UCSD came away with five wins this weekend. 
each added one. "We've gOI Davis's number." 

Reiton was al so honored as said an enthusiastic Harper aftcrthe 
Player of the Year. .. ( was blown game. "UCSD plays its be. I water 
away:· shesaid. "Ilhink [lheawardJ polo at this time oflhe year. I think 
was just i ing on Ihe cake for my everyone knows that." 
four years here." The Tritons advanced to the fi-

Dailey was named the nals by first defeating Cal 14-3 on 
tournament's Most Valuable Player. Friday aftemoon. Reiton was the 
.. It feels grem," said an enthu~iaslic leading scorer in Ihe game. pound-
Dailey. "We worked really hard for ing in five goals. Dailey and Chri~-
this [win)." tine Town end each had three for 

Both Dailey and Reiton were UCSD in the contest. 
named first-team AII-Americans,as With the win, the Trilons moved 
was Swail. Westfall , whocrune back on to play Bucknell. The task seemed 
from injury this season, was named even easier as UCSD came away 
econd team All-American. See W. POLO, Page 11 

Call for 
SENSIBLE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 

Most Insunnct Acctpttd • Rt:laxtd, Fritndly Atmosphtrr • Video/Sttrro 
Member ADA, CDA, San Diego County Dental So.:ictics 

LA JOLLA VIWGE 558 3490 
PROFESSIONAL CENTER • 
8950 VlLLA LA JOLLA OR. EPtHings & S4r~rtlQ! 
SUITE 2103 A,~i"rIHwts AI/nilnbie 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOWME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

Top Floor. 
I"" beilj"d 

tile El,phallt Rnr 

3211 Holiday Ct. (next to Domlrro 's PIzza) • 452-9949 
M f 8 30 6 p m f .pIH" f, 18 92 
Sat 14 P m W,lh uc,>o tll 

SPORTS 15 

r---------------------------------------------· Cd fRE~ Yogurt or Ice Cream t9 
Buy one cup or cone, at regular 
~ price, Get one for FREE! cJ 

lIm~ $3 . Toppong not /nclUded 
Not ~ato wllh oth" chscol,lnls On, coupon per customer, pel '1rslt 

ValId onlya' Costa Verdll ShOPPing C.n ler Oil,,, •• p'flil $ 612192 

I jill 1-' 
FAOGEN YOZUAT, 

Together in the Costa Verde Shopping Center 
8650 Genesee (accross from U.TC.) 450-3044 L ______________________________________________ _ 

FREE 
DOZEN 

7fowers l! 9ijis CARNATIONS 
Costa Verde Center 
8 50 Genesee Ave. 
. In Ok-go, CA 92122 
558-6666 \I ,!~ pu(dIJ'I. til "Iq ur 111111, \,11 \,I iI..; "" lin .. ." .I(~'f IIlkr • - \t't DeLh'cr " 'orld \I ide' 

The MeAT is coming to San Diego this September. 

Hyperlearning (455-1000) 
The M CAT Review Cou rse (456-4848) 
Stanley H . Kaplan (277-6744). 
The Princeton Review (695-9952) 
and Ronkin (587-8600) 
all have prep programs for this test. 

Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for a course, 
call around and ~et the facts. Best of all, ask your friends. 
We have several hundred recent students who are on-campus 
at UCSD. How many hours were in your course? What were the 
credentilJIs of your instructors? Was teJlching their exclusive, full-
time responsibility? How large were your classes? How many 
passage-style problems did you cover? How many testing hours? 
How many essays did you write? How many were professionally 
critiilued and scored? Let me see va"r materials! 

When learning complex skills, it is aur position that you need 
extensive personal contact with real experts in small classes. 

Included in our program: 
Over 130 hours of in-class problem solving and review. 
The best instructors in theil fields. with advanced degrees 
in their specialty, and years of full-time teaching experience. 
Never more than 24 students in any class. 
Four days a week over twelve weeks. 
Two full weeks of MeAT testing and analysis. 
More than 1,600 Pi&es of focused review materials. 
All subjects reviewed simultaneously rather than serially. 
Well paced prestudy, in-class, and homework activities. 

Our classes startJune 22nd. Call for additional information . 



16 SPORTS 

• '1 BIT~T 
PIE~ .. , 1t-~ ~ . ~ PETER KO 

Satellites, Mitch 
And Saran Wrap 
JUST A H .W Non.s: • Anolher year. anolher lille. In lhese limes of econ mic 
mi!>Cry. does it make much sen~c 
10 send UC Davis women'~ water 
polo 10 play UC San Diego in 
Virginia? Forgel thai ~pre<lding 
the we<l lih argument. These IWO 
have faced each olher in Ihe fin<lb 
for three year.. running. :lI1d cxlds 
are Ihe '11 bUll wuler polo cup~ 

~lgallln.:xt year. 
Who', running Ihe ,how here'.' 

BC'! 
• Someone wipe Ihal \lily grin 

oIl Pat Will iallh' fa.:e. The 
Orlando general manager lookeo 
m,e Ihe Jol-er after bagging Ihe 
li"l pld. in) c'lcrda, ', I3A 
IOllcry. If he ', of\ound mind uno 
body - a. .. he IIldlCalCu he wa .. In 
one ortho,c brc,lIhtal-lng Inlcr-
Vle\\ \ wilh Bllb ('lhta, aflcmarll 

Ihat rlcl- \\ IlIlriln,l,ilc 11110 
. ha4uille O' cal. 

13) Ihe \\ ay. Ihal huge \~hIXI,h 
nf ,ur yOU he,lId "Iter !\iIlA 
('()Illllll'''OI1<'f Da\ III Siern 
.Illlloullced Ihallhe 'l'~"l1It (1KI-
\\ ':1\1 10 Charlolle \\ a, Ihl' 1:11) lit 
Chicago k lllllg OUI I" nre,lIlt. 

The IX1" lbJiil) Ihal Ih.: Bull, 
would have 10 t,ICC a I lome I Il'am 
w IIh LaiTy John\oll and 0', cal 
every ).:ar mllte l:ollkrem;e fin"l, 
had heart latc\ all l/\ cr 1lllIloi, 
bounclllg hIgh enough to fix fallen 
\alellile'. 

O I t'Ol' RS!.. NO I e\ l'1l Wliliallh I:OUIUlllaldll\ll)...e 
Dunleavy. who w;t'. gnnning h)."e 
a fiend . You would 100 ,I' you had 
$H million ,Iutled in your pant~ . 

• Doc~ allyone rcally c;lre who 
til1l~hcJ fourth throul!h II th in the 
IOllery? You IIlU~1 be I he ~all1e 
pcopll: ~till waldlillg the HL 
pluyofb. 

• Darryl Sirawberry i~ injurl:d 
again - hernialed di~. I hope it':. 
not c,lJ'Cer-threah:ning, but for 
god's 'iake. samn wmp ha.\ more 
durabilily. 

• oWlhal it '~ all finished. 
does ;lIlyone ebe Ihink 
"AII/crinr'" is Ihe dumbe~lllame 
for a boat !o.ince "TiwllicT And 
who coined Ihese guys the 
Cubens? Probably the same fool~ 
who came up with San Dieg;lIls 
and Ann Arboriles. 

I T'S SAD. BUT I won', remember Lyle AIZ<ldo as the rampaging 
maniac who stormed through 
backfields scaring quanerbacks 
into traclion. 1ltc image I'll 
remember is the frighlened man 
wearing a bandana on the cover of 
Sports lIIL1sfl'lJfed next to the 
word '" Lied." 

• This just in from Seallle; 
" Mariners outfielder Kevin 
Mitchell was a late scratch 
because of an upset stomach." 

He' gelling more efficient. II 
took him Ihree years before he 
reached Ihat level with the Giants. 

• Don Caner? Yike . 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 18, 1992 

NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S WATER POLO CHAMPIONSHIP 

Three-Peat for Women's Water Polo 
• Tritons win their third 
con 'ecutive title with 10-9 
victory over UC Davis 
By Ken Pert man 
Sports Editor 

It might ~ecm impre:.~i e that UCSD 
women's W31 r polo Head Coach Denny 
Harper predicted lhe oulcome of the 1992 
USA Collegiatc Women' ~ WUler Polo Cham-
pionship. 

Impres~ive. tll4lt is. until you realize Ihal 
Ilarper'~ S4uad has won Ihe la~ttwoconsecu­
Ii ve champion~hip1> and wa, jU~1 as slrong Ihis 
-;cason. 0 no one ,hou ld have been awe-
.,trucl- to hear that UCSD \V n it~ third con-
,celllivc title and i, lheonly Icam in Ihe hi'lory 
of collegiate "'omen', walcr polo 10 do~. 

fler all , Harper lold you il would. 
" I!',ddini tclya three-peat ,ea!>On." Harper 

\altl hefore the \\eel-end I urnamenl. Yester-
da). hi, Icam proved him right. 

In front of a crowd of 1.500 in Vienna. 
Virginia ' unday. Ihc TriIOn'. ranked Ih inJ in 
Ihe lOumamenl. I-noc)..ed off the I p-:.eedcd 
UC Davl~ Aggie., 10-9 inlhe weekend fina le 
I d~\lm the tille . 

BUI Ihe \\ ill W 'l\ no e.". feal. 
Ye:.lerday aflemoon', COnle,1 wa:. a do~ 

and ph),,,c;!1 one from .,I,m to fini'h . With Ihe 
Triton, dO\\ n 3-2 IlcJrillg the end of the fiN 
quart l:r. D', Julie Swai l ,mae)...ed Ihe 
1:.IllY'" ,lIlhe huacr 10 tic Ihe ,core - or \0 
\he Ihoul!h l. The 01 ti clal, ruled Ihat Ihe ball 
had nOI kit Sw"II', hand in lime and Ihailli' 

I goal dldn'l <:( Ullt. A I<:n,e Ilarper jll\l barel 
managcd 10 I-cep 111\ C( miX 'lin>. Chuck NguyervGuarO'lan 

Jamie Dailey led UCSD With five goals in the championship game against the Aggies. euher leam \~ould budge in Ihe !>ecolld 
lIuarter "\ Ihe TI itnn, ,lIld Aggie:. managed 
1\\ () goal ~ :Ipiet'e. D;! 1\ \ enl inlo Ihe locl-er 
room at halftime Millmailliaining Ihe one goal 
lead.5- t 

dre~~ed the Trilon!>al halflime. lhedemeanor 
of the player' quicl-Iy quieled hi nerves. 

tremendou~ ~ense from Ihem." he !'4lid. "11ley 
were \aying 'We've got them, We're going to 
win this. ,,. 

BUI if Harper wa.\ worried when he ad-

"IThe game I was relatively intense. But 
Jamie Duiley and Brenda Reiton were re-
laxed and :.miling." Harper said. "I got this 

,, ' always feel nervous, bUll don't let people 
See W, POLO, Page 15 

Women's Tennis Smashes 
National Competition 
• Triton knock off 
Gu tavu Adolphu to 
take third in Divi ion III 
national tournament 
By Bree Segel 
Staff Wflter 

TheUC Dwomen's iennis leam 
took the nalion by stom1 at the 
NCAA Division 1lI Women 's Ten-
nl~ Championships in Kal;unazoo, 
Michigan lusl week. After battling 
their way to Ihe loumament semi-
final s, the Tritons lost to the Lords 
of Kenyon College 9-0. 

But UCSD bounced back 10 take 
Ihe wi nd OUI of Ihe Golden Gusties 
of Guslavus Adolphus wilh a 5-4 
win, giving lhem a Ihird place in the 
lournament. 

Pomona -Pitzer knocked off 
Kenyon 5-4 in lhe loumament finals 
10 take the national championship. 

Despite Ihe loss, Ihe Tritons were 
generally pleased wilh their play 
and lhe tournament. 

"ITItechampionshipsl wasgreal. 
All Ihe leams were so good. The 
gi rls gave I 10 percent every m4ltch 
and played from Iheir heart. We're 
proud to be third ," said UCSD Head 
Coach Liz LaPlame. 

UCS D' number-one singles 
player. Robyn Inaba, was quick to 

agree. "It wa:. ~lgreat loumament for 
us," ~he aid. "We really wanted it 
landl we really C;Ulle th rough." 

Inaba. who wa., ~eued 23rd in 
singles at Ihe loumament. lo~t to 
Penny Foss from Williams College. 
6-2,6-0. 

However, Carla Nicolas, 
UCSD's number-Iwo player. won 
her match 6-3. 6-2 against Krislina 
Glusac of Sweet Briar Universily. 

IImba and Nicole House, rJnked 
11th in the doubles side oflhe tour-
nament. uffered a painful defeat at 
the hands of Alexandra Martin and 
Laura Anderson of Luther College. 
6-2,6-0. 

"Wejusllel down a lillIe." 'naba 
said. "They just had great place-
ment and mixed lup their shotsl a 
lillIe," 

"We were playing prelly well. 
bUlthey were a gOO<l team:' House 
aid. 

" Memally, we weren'l up," she 
added. referring to concern over the 
match involving number-five 
singles player Amanda Lynch, 
which, if she won. would have pro-
pelled the Trilons illto lhe semi-
finals. 

1l1e duo went on 10 playa conso-
lation malch against a team from 
Mal)' Washington College. This 

See W. TENNIS, Page 15 

Dominic Dirksen couldn't power the Tritons past Cal lutheran. 

CLU Reigns Supreme 
• Kingsmen defeat 
UCSD in 4 games in flISt 
round of Division III 
baseball playoffs 
By Ben EI"n 
Staff Writer 

After ballling Cal Lutheran 10 
three consecutive one-run finishes 
on Friday and Saturday. UCSD ran 
out of steam in game four. dropping 
the be. t-of-five serie ' 10 lhe lop-
ranked Kingsmen wilh a 10-0 los.<; 
on Sunday. 

The Trilon hardballers (28-9-1) 
10 t Friday 's series opener in lhe 
HJlh inning. before edging out the 
Kingsmen on Smurday 10 even the 
series at one apiece. Cal LutherJO 
natched away game three with a 

run in the ninth inning, and 
steam rolled the emotionally drained 
Tritons on Sunday by a 10-0 score. 
CuI Lutheran's victory propels lhe 
Kingsmen inlolheCollegiate World 
Series. beginning thb Thursday. 

"Ou r tan)... was registering 
empty:' Heod Coach Lyle Yates 

See BASEBALL. Page 11 

• 

I 
~ 

--~~~~~~~~--~~~~~~~J 



52 5PBCfACLE The UCSD Guanliaa Monday, May 11,1992 

Keeping the Peace on Streets 
Police, CSOs and the Student Safety Awareness 

Program each address safety concerns 
Just because we're in college 

does not necessarily mean that we 
have escaped the dangers of the 
real world, or that we are immune 
to the forces of our surroundings. 
Crime and violence are equal 
opportunity offenders and they do 
not discriminate on the basis of 
class, gender, race, religion, 
astrological sign or hair color. 

Despite the increase in student, 
faculty and staff populations on 
campus to about 30,000 people, 
and the school's location in the 
sill th largest metropolitan area in 
the country. "violent crimes have 
historically been very low." 
according to Crime Prevention 
Officer Alan Jenkins of the UCSD 
Police Department. "'There i no 
reason to live in fear. But that 
means we still need to take 
preventive measures." 

The UCSD Police Department 
is composed of 30 officers, 
investigators and sergeants who 
deal wifh everything from 
aggravated assault and rape to 
burglary. The most commonly 
reported crimes involve auto theft 
and property damage. 

In 1991 the total value of 
locally stolen motor vehicles 
amounted to $470,350. A 
remarkable 79 percent, or 
$372,400 worth, of that property 
was recovered. Of the $779.920 
total tolen property, which 
included office equipment, motor 
vehicles. bicycles and household 
goods uch as televisions, radio , 
tereos and computer equipment, 

roughly half was recovered. 
In 199 1 there were no reported 

I"Jpes and no reported attempted 

ANNOUNCING ... 

The 
Opening of 

WAVES 
e Bar and Grill e 
outdoor seating w/ocean view 

casual. beach atmosphere ... 

HAPPy HOUR! 
$1 16-oz. Drafts 

$1' 5 Margarltas 
PiMCoiadas 

LTERNATIV 
VIEWS 

accepted, desired, needed 
The GlUlrdian. read us, write us. 

BY SERGIO MANKITA, CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

rapes on campus. 
"We usually average one rape 

and one anempted rape a year, but 
we're always triving for zero." 
Jenkins comments. "That doesn 't 
mean it's not going on, simply 
that it's not gening reponed." 

"Acquaintance rape and date 
rape have historically not been 
reponed." he adds. "I hope 
women that are victims go to the 
Women's Resource Center or the 
Student Safety A warenes 
program to seek help." 

Emergency call bo);es are 
located throughout campu and 
can be identified by their bright 
red light bulbs. "Surprisingly, they 
are not used that much, but they 
can be used to report emergencies. 
uspicious activity and medical 

emergencies," comments Jenkins. 
Bike-mounted officers are a 

recent addition to the force. One 
of the advantages of this tactic is 
that it allows officers to get into 
crowded or narrow areas quickly 
and silently. 

"It 's a real innovative program. 
It's cost-effective, it's great public 
relation and it has a great impact 
on the apprehensioo of criminal 
activity," say Jenkins. 

With a shrinking budget and a 
higher demand for services, 
Jenkins plans to develop commu-
nity programs to help curtail 
crime. 

involvement, as 
well ~ assisl Ihc: 
police department in 
spotting problems. 

Although Ihe 
program is only in 
the early planning 
stages, he hopes to 
offer incentives to 
the volunteers, 
which might include 
a reduction in 
parking permits and 
regi tration fees. 

Another resource 
on campus i the 
Student Safety 
A wareness Program 
(SSAP). Its goal is 
to provide education 
about rape preven-
tion, sellUal 
harassment and 
general personal 
safety. 

The UAdopt a Parking Lot" 
program would use volunteers to 
patrol those pans of campus with 
the highest incidences of auto 
theft and burglary. Jenkins 
believe the progrJm would help 
to develop community pride and 

SSAP Director 
Nancy Wahlig has 
implemented a 
number of creative 
progl"Jrns to educate 
students and raise 
their level of 
awareness. ''TIle 
Great Sex Debate" 
allows men and 
women to ask 
questions and talk to 
each other in an 
open and inviting 
environment. 

'-We need to talk 
to the other sell if 

GuiJUI Fie PhoIo 
Community Service OffICers ensure safe night walks, and also help the UCSD police. 

we want to stan understanding 
each other," Wahlig maintains. 

During Welcome Week , the 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General ane thesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• 10% UCSD Discount* . 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

· wllh UCSD 10. E.pl~ ~"Y 11. 11192, 

RBRICHARD E.BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate. American Board of 45ft ~565 Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery ~ 470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 
FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 

Wolff Tanning System e New Bulbs 
· THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------1 Month Tanning for 
Accele..alor included; no additional r-. . $35 
Mu$l preMOnt this coupon. bp. 0/2/92 

Please ask about ovr other services such as manicures and hair corel 

COSTA VERDI CIN1D 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
Son Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1834 

SSAPalsoco-sponsors theprograrns 
"Sellplanations," "Dating I 0 I" and 
"Before YouPartyinlijuana." New 

this year is the "For Safety'S Sake" 
whistle and key chain with impor-

See SAFETY. Page 57 

PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS 
INFORMATION MEETING 
find out about 

new major requirements 
new courses and changes in courses 
honors seminar & program 
graduate programs in psychology 
career opportunities 

WHEN: Thunclay, .., 21114 p.m. 
WHERE: WO McGIll l1li1 (fenllerty 'IL) 

Teach Mathematics 
in Middle and High Schools 

The T tachtf Education Program at UCSO oilers tht California Single Subject Creden· 
tial in Mathematics, in addition to Physical and Ute Sciences. and EngIish/ESl. 
Our Secondary Mlth credential progrlm starts with six educational foundation 
courses (TEP 117, TEP 126, TEP t96, and TEP 171A-B-C. comprising a MillO( In 
Teacher Education). which include a preproltssional field experience It local 
MCOndary schools. 
Upon co~letion of your bachelor'S degree in Mathematics. eSE, or QEOS. you 
apPly for admiS$ion to the piId intemahlp component of the program. which 
consists of one year of grlduate study leading to II'Ie Calitomia Single Subject 
Credential. 
T-Ilet for TEP U7 aad TIP InA for pan 'II- eo_ to 517A MMe, 
aero .. fro. tilt Lit BaUdlDf 'or departaeDt approyal to .uoIl_ 

For more information, contac:t Chili OM at 134-7287. 

Monday, May 18, 1992 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE S3 

'Our Primary Goal is to Maintain Peace' 
Officers must set aside their personal beliefs and make 

safety their number .. one concern 
B Y SIMONE M illER. CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

We have just witnessed perhaps the 
most violent protests of our time. The 
verdict in the Rodney King case was the 
fuse that led to an ellplo ion in a city who e 
racial tensions are on the rise and whose 
police force seems to be crumbling. People 
who felt that justice had been denied them 
ought it through prote ' l. 

The people who are paid to keep the 
peace. the police, ~uddenly found them-
elves on the rece iving end of large-scale 

urban warfare. They could no longer claim 
to be innocent bystanders. loyal to no cause 
but the safety of the population. The whole 
city seemed to have fallen. and the police 
force had taken a cru. hing blow. 

UCSD has had its share of prote ts this 
year. but the extreme feeling of animosity 
that exists in Los Angeles against the police 
does not seem to have spread to this 
campu. 

Assi tant Chief of the Campus Police 
Department Jay Dyer characterizes thi s year 
as a particularly active one for student 
protests. The closing of the student co-ops. 
the student fee hikes and the Rodney King 
verdict all gave cause for uprisings. 

"People seemed more violent and more 
aggressive than in past years." Dyer says. 
"but the number of people actually was 
fairly small so the protests were relatively 
easy to control." 

Occasionally this year the actions of the 

police were questioned. 
Why did they stand by when the C<H>PS 

were broken into and the lock were 
changed? What happened to their goal of 
keeping people out of danger when a 
prote ter was allegedly assaulted by an 
administr.lIor? 

Dyer contend that in the case of the co-
op break-ins the police had no place in 
assessing the legitimacy of the ac t ion~ of 
the administrat ion. 

"We were ca lled over by ~taff mem-
bers .... We were only requested to be 
present to make sure no one was hun. We 
are alway in the middle. ne er on a 
panicular side:' Dyer says. assuring that in 
no way was the police force trying to be 
decei tful. and that they weren't present to 
justi fy anyone 's actions. 

Most protesters realize that the police do 
not stand on one side or the other in a 
protest situation. 

"I sympathize with [their[ position. They 
are the perfect fi gureheads for all our 
aggressions. [and I they seem to stand for 
everything we are lighting against: the 
establ ishment. the system. Yet in all reality 
they have nothing at all to do with our 
cause." says Fifth College freshman Miles 
Madison. who participated in the fee hike 
rallies. 

Police become the perfect scapegoats for 
animosity because they are involved in the 

Get Aboard the 

Computer Rental Sp~cial 
for 

UCSD Students 
We deliver and set up a Complete IBM Compatible Computer System 
including Hard Drive, Monitor and all kinds of software. Plus the 
best ongoing support and in the business (just ask one of the 
many sTudents that rented us last quarter). n H .~"A:r. r 

465-9004 
i ki ji ii i.li i f "'i 
aiMMuNic4iliJ:Vs 
7227 ~. SUire 204 
lMnGn Grow. CA 91945 
(fU8)~ 
FNC (619)465-9040 

GET RELJEF ••• GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
' Since 1980, the goal of our practice has 
been to find and remove the cause of 
your health problem, rather than just 
symptom relief - - without costly drugs or 
surgery . • 

• Student & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto, Work & Sports Injuries 
• Insurance Accepted 
• Open Daily 9 am·7 pm 

and Saturday 

CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
'0 « J" T "Ill \I "Pt'" \1 ,,\.\\ 

\:\11) ( O"<,,l .L , \ 110"< 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 1 SO 

looted at 1·5 and La Jolla Village Drive 
across from HyaU Aventine 

protests but they are not fighting along 
with the protesters. Police are instructed 
to hold a neutml stan e in all protest 
situations. 

"Our primary goal is to maintain 
peace. to prevent propeny damage and 
keep people o ut of dangerou~ situations. 
Our opinions are kept completely 
separate from our duties at the protest:' 
e)(plain~ Dyer. 

ome may argue thm the police 
dcsened their neutral ~tance in Murch 
whcn a prote:-ter was allegedly as~aulted 
by Vice Chancellor of ndergraduate 
Affairs Joseph Watson whik police 
~!ood by. doing nothing to interfere. 

Dyer ontends that Watson wa. .. 
justified in ac ting as he did because he 
feared for his own safety and the safety 
of the members in his office. 

" He essentially aided our staff by 
protecting his own offi ce," Dyer says. 

The protester brought charges again~t 
Watson. but the ci ty attorney has since 
dropped the case. 

This instance brings to mind another 
cu.,c. one f:lr more complc); in its dimen-
sions and its repercu:,~ion!.. Fewcould think 
of anything more shocking than the video-
taped benting of Rodney King. and the 
aftershocks that later rocked Los Angeles 
were even bigger than that first quake. 

See PROTEST, Page S7 
Sue Mapes/Guardian 

A UCSD po lice officer sports special riot gear. 

FIND i'IJ(~i,rl'lll'Z ST~i~GE Roommates 
Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes fA !!! Deals 

..... MOVE IN Rentals Q. Stereos Q. :::;) 
SPECIAL! Surfboards fA Auto Repair 

" Sales Z 
- Free Truck Use > Jobs 0 wIth Move In. Computers ~ 

and more in 452-1047 lite ...... 
upstairs in the 5206 Eastgate Mall (off Miramar Rd,) 

Student Center, 1/2 mile east of Genesee 
above the 

General Store. 

STRATFORD 
COFFEE HOUSE 

Open 7am - 5pm ~f~ 7 Days a Week ~~ 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court ,i< Del Mar 

(corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

c: 
I 

% 
:1>. 
c: 

~ 
~ 
::a 
c: 
(') 
~ (/) 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salads 

• Gourmet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

• Chicken Curry 
t Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Cappuccino 
• Danishes 

• Scones 



S4 Monday, May 18, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Taking a Ride on the Wild Side 

1he AssIgnment 
I feel some cynicism at the newspaper assign-

ment of a ride-along with the UCSD Police. I 
envision an evening of coffee, donuts and parking 
tickets with a solemn guy in blue. 

But as Officer Mike Kizzee leads me on a tour of 
the station and a ride-along on a Saturday in early 
May, my altitude toward the UCSD Police elevates 
to one of respect. 

"We're just here to make sure Ihe Mudents are 
safe," Kizzee explains. 

Thirty-five officers and fourteen security guards 
currently serve the campus and a surrounding one 
mile radius area. This jurisdiction can fluctuate if 
UCSD officers are requested to assist the San Diego 
Police Depanment at any given lime. While this 

An inside look at the UCSD Police Department, 
as our reporter rides along with Officer Mike Kizzee 

BY ER ICA MA IENSCHEIN, STAFF WRITER 

occurence is typically rare, Kizzee say that he does 
often respond 10 calls from the area surrounding the 
campus. 

11Ie DeIww b.iI6IIt 
TIle UCSD Police are part of the UC Police 

Department. which encompasse all nine campuse . 
Like all police officers. they altend a police acad-
emy and undergo a training program each year. 
which includes a physical and a wrinen teslthat all 
officers must pass. 

Two detectives operate within the department. 
They review each crime report and decide whether 
or not to proceed with further investigation. The 
decision is ba ed on Ihe type of crime and its 
circumstances. 

)< )( 
)( I<. 

" 

X 
X 

.,. 
)< )< 

')( 
'!( ~ 

X l{ X )( 

x )( 
)( I( 

For example. if a robbery is committed with 
fon:ed entry. investigation will likely follow. but if 
an open donn room is robbed. the detectives will 
probably just file the repon. 

Crime Prevention Officer AI Jenkins leads 
several programs in theft prevention and self-
defense. Student Safety Awareness Program 
Director Nancy Wahlig also direct. a program in 
r.tpe prevention. 

Three to four officers normally share one shifl. A 
day consists of three shifts: day, swing and night. 
Kizzee prefers the swing shift. from 3 to II p.m. 

One motorcycle officer u ually works the day 
shift. He is specially tmined in handling tmffic 
accidents. accident reconstructions and other traffic 
matters. The maneuverability of the motorcycle. as 

)( 
X K )( J( 
X ,. ~ )< 
~ ~ )( )< 

X 

well as the mdar gun with which it i equipped, 
make it useful in traffic" C:ll.eS. 

Community Service, O fficers (CSO) assist the 
police as "the eyes and 'ear; of Ihe depanment." 
according to Kizzee. 

There are currently 25 CSOs. which is a substan-
tial drop from the 50 CSO~ Ihat were in service 
before a recent budget CUI. With that cuI came the 
removal of the day shift for CSOS and a 20 pen:ent 
decrease in their daily hou rs. Fewer are on duty each 
night - usually only three or four. 

CSOs are paid by the department and receive 
training in first-aid. CPR, and observation. They 
primarily escon student , but also act as a visual 
deterrent for crime and serve an important observa-
tional role. 

CSOs lock up many 
campus rooms at night. as 
well as patrol the parking 
lOIS to report anything 
~uspicious. 

One CSO confides that 
al first. he did not really 
know what to repon and 
what not to. After his first 
"good call" when he 
spotted a potential car 
thief, he has felt confident 
in his duties. 

The Station 

equipped with a siren. lights, and a large 
equipment bag. 

Kizzee explains the benefits of patrolling 
by bicycle for stealth . 

"When I pull into a parking lot in my 
patrol car. even if my lights are off, a car 
thief can see me immediately." he says. 

"Have you ever shot a gun?" Kizzee asks 
after he goes over a few safety regulations 
with me. Responding to my surprised 
expression he adds, ··WelJ. if something 
should happen to me with you riding 
along ...... 

A man arrested under suspicion of 
dealing drugs in a local area near campu ' 
si ts handcuffed in a chair at the station. He 
is being questioned by one officer while 
another stands close to the door. The suspect 
is agitated and somewhat aggressive. Kizzee 
explains that the way in which a suspect is dealt 
with depends on his demeanor. 

Each time an officer begins his shift he receives 
a briefing. then checks all the equipment in the 
patrol car including every light and siren. We begin 
I:ruising around campus. 

The RIde 

a headlight out. When pulling over the car, Kizzee 
first calls in the driver's license plate number. 

Occa.~ionally, a plate check will tum out to be a 
stolen car. This is one of the few instances in which 
an officer might take the gun from the palrol car. 

Kizzee checks the student's license and proceeds 
to issue her a "fix-it" ticket. Kizzee is extremely 
friendly, addressing the student by name. He even 

" 

SPECTACLE S5 

Complex . 
lllree officers and one security guard an: already 

on Ihe scene by the time we arrive and seem to have 
the si tuation under control. We wander around the 
complex. checking things oul. The officers decide 
not 10 stop two quiet parties in E and D building~. 

I ask Kizzee about hi s flexibili ly in silualions 
involving students and alcohol. 

" If a ~Iuden t is 
drunk . pulling into a 
parking lo( on campu~, 
coming home from 
Tijuana. do you arreSI 

• I ( , 
, II I I , \ ' I I I 
o I 0 , I 01 ( /0, I I 

I , , I I I , t 
I t ( , I' 0' I 

J( 
X )< 

)( 
The modernness of the 

UCSD Police station 
impresses me. Eight 
video cameras monitor 
then-prone parking lots 
and other crime-ridden 
areas. Panels of radios, 
monitors and mysterious 
lights and switches line 
the walls. I had always 
associated the campus 
police with the parking 
officers who frequent my 
windshield. It had never 
occurred to me that the 
police depanment 

As we drive. I a k Kizzee about the 
Rodney King demonstr.uions of a few 
weeks ago. He acknowledges a change 
in student opinion toward the police 
depanment. but expresses little 
concem over this in terms of the 
campus police. 

"I think they know that we're just 
here to make sure they're safe," he 
says. 

Once you put on this uniform, you just have to do things 
the right way. Your personal opinion can cloud your judgement 

and get you into trouble, 

him?" he asb rhetori-
cally. " Maybe I'll just 
take the I:ar keys frolll 
him to make sure thai 
the car isn't going 
anywhere. and tell his 
friends to make sure he 
gets home okay. Then 
the next day when he 
comes 10 gel his keys 
from the station I'll talk 

a o,d:1 • 
I ' , I I I' I • I I I 'i 

(' , I I I I ,,(... I 
o tJ 0 1."''1' 

I. I' I" ." It ' I t 
I I I I I 1/ 1 ( I I I , t I Ie' 'er 
" ' ( I I , I , I I. ( t , t I 'I t' I " ,I 
I "(r l ,1

,1 /1 ,,(1(('/ 
I t I I I I I 1 ( II ,~I ~I!.J.!.I..!.-L..'l' .!.1J,I.!-L-Io..A-""-

, ' I I I ' I I I I , 
I' I I I I 

1\ I I J 

Teach Literature, 
English and ESL 

in Middle and High Schools 
The Teacher Education Program at UCSD olfers the California SlOgle Subject 
Credentlat in Engiish/ESl. in addition to Mathematics, Physical and Life Sciences. 
Our Secondary English credential program starts with six educational loundation 
courses (TEP 1 t7. TEP 126. TEP 196, and TEP 171A·B·C. compnsing a Minor In 
Teacher Education). which include a preprofessional tield experiellce at tocal 
secondary schools. 
Upon completion of your bachelor's degree in Literature. you apply for admrssion 
to the paid inlernshlp component of the program. which consists of one year of 
graduate study teading to the California Single Subject Credenhal. 
T.Reg for TEP 117 and TEP 17lA for Fall '92- come to 517A MMe. 

aero s from the Lit Building for department approval 10 enroll. 
For more information. conlact Chris Oiani at 53.·7297. 

• Drunk DrIving 
• DrugslNarco!lcs 
• ShopllftinglTheft 
• Trame TIckets 

• Parole/Ball/Probation ~'~~~ 
• Major Felonies 

FOfTTler San Diego Prosecutor 
LISA KAY BAUGHMAN 

Attomey At LAw 
457-8457 

4660 Ld Jolla V111cl8e Dr., SuIte 600 
~rvlns s.. DleSo County 

un 2.houB 
free consulUdion 

DO YOU SUFFER FROM 

ASTHMA? 
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR ASTHMA STUDY. 
ALL TESTING AND MEDICATIONS ARE FREE. 

QUAUFIED PARTICIPANTS WILL BE PAID UP TO 

$ 200 FOR COMPLETE PARTICIPATION. 
CALL 436·3988 
ASK FOR DIANNA OR JANET 

II-. w. PW... M.D., A.IMIa MIl AIIIw T ....... .ad a.-da C-

watches over so much. 
The officers have 

access to a small gym 
inside the station. 1bey 
may use it 24 hours a day, 
on- oroff-duty. The 
station has also recently 
acquired two mountain 
bikes, These are not 
provided for recreation. 
however. but are fully 

Kizzee also expresses a personal 
problem with the situation. He is 
black, and he explains the difference 
between talking with students and 
others about the incident out of 
unifonn and the change that occurs 
once he is on duty. 

"Once you put on thi s uniform. you 
just have to do things the right way . Your personal 
opinion can cloud your judgement and get you into 
trouble," he says. 

Regarding the protests outside the UCSD police 
station thaI led to the donning of riot gear. Kizzee 
claims Ihal it was nolhing more Ihan a precautionary 
measure. 

"The mob mentality can lead to trouble ," he 
explains. 

The1lcket 
Cuning shon our conversation, we make a lraffic 

SlOp. A Student driving into the Muir parking lot has 

CARGO -SPEEDL INE eIN C 
lor all your shipping needs by sea and air 

Expert Pocking of Personal Effects & Household Goods 
Door-to-Door services by sea and air 

Flexible roles via twice weekly consolidations by air and 
weekly consolidations by sea to the Middle Easl, Eastern 

Mediterranean and Africa . 
All risk Insurance 

Full Documentation and legalization services 

Telephones: (818) 240·311 0 - (310) 568·8818 

" MIKE KIZZEE 
UCSD Police Officer 

leIS her take advantage of a great parking spot that 
opens up while he is writing the ticket. 

Back in the patrol car, Kizzee confide that he is 
understanding of such infractions if fhe car is old 
and he thinks the pans might be inaccessible. He 
also gelS to assign a time period between six and 
eight weeks in which the offender must get the 
broken equipment fixed or replaced . 

1heP.ty 
Our next SlOp is not for quite a while. We receive 

a call radio message about a party with open alcohol 
containers outside in the Mallhews Apartment 

to him about it." 

1heEnd 
Driving back to the s tation, Kizzee tells me about 

some of his more interesting experiences on Ihe 
force. Mentally ill patients from the Department of 
Veterans' Affairs Hospital used to enter campus 
frequently, and would wander through the dorms 
before being noticed as missing from the hospital 
and reported to the police. 

Most crime. Kizzee adds, is insligated by non-
affiliates. Few crimes are committed by students. 

He concludes by saying that he appreciates the 
community that he serves and feel s a rappon with 
the students. 

The "Sun " is always shining at ~ 
Trim & Tan call 455·09 3251 Holiday Ct. #204 (near UCSO) 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for Q friend 
°Flrst I,me d,eMS onlv with Ih ls coupon 

~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call lor delalis • 2nd 30 Ian days $39 99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
NOl a tremporary waler loss' Reduce celluhlc and streich mar1<s 11--------, 

I FREE \e I 
ISO l1\ tlACCELERATOR I 
IJ~!!!!!!!!~~==;:._L _ ~rh rhlS~pon . Exp~61"'<n 



S6 SPECI'ACLE 

Nor rhar safe. I 
don'r like having 
to leave my 
backpac.k at the 
doors of on· 
campus buildings. 

Rebecca Hamilton, Muir 
Junior, General Biology 

I read Lights 
Jnd ircns, 
Jnd I know 
the crime i 
high. 
omcone 

srole ollr T.V. from my uite my 
first year ... \ 0 not very safe. 

Patricia Yu, ReveUe 
Senior, Political Science 

1000 Ibs or less? 
We're the small 
load specialists! 

• We shIP anything Irom 1 to 1.000 
Ibs.-a single plGC8 10 a roomful of 
fumlture 

• Professional, cuslom craling and 
packaging 

• Insured 
• Pickup service I free estimales 
• Tape boKes. packing malerials and 

rJ1O(e fOf do it youfseffefs 

\ ~.,... pa.cJnIAiffJl6tOll. 
;!.... 792·2299 

12750 Carmel Country Road .• St • . 11 3 
San Diego. CA 92130 

15'. STUDENT DISCOUNT 

LOST 
in the,.women·s rest 
room, first floor of Urey 
Hall-an engagement 
ring. Please call Janet at 
455·8249 or 455-4052, 

Substantial 
Rewanl. 

....... LGet in our special 
June 4 

S 1c...._1 
Only 5 issues to gol 

MARKETING 
WlOI TIlE IAn.., lUIJIR 

II COUESlIlAMtT1ll& 
STUIDT 1UIIIIr. MAI._ 

Outgoing. "I •• ",I.nle ....... nl ..... e4 
for m.rhllllg/pr .... II .. ,lIlIIln. 
R • ., •• ,,,,. "" .Ir .... all.IIIIUng In' 
nII ... lft, " ..... " .. Iull .. . 
"".r1Uft1ly II ..... " ..... .. 
R.pr .... I.U ... Exn'lItfIl p" . FIIIIIIII 
hours. AU.",' 1ft II.,,,, _Ia ••• 
""'IIUS an. IYI".". f.r .... rlltch"1 
d'JI •• _11. 
•• IICAI 'USA ..... _nOl 

!Is .. ....... 
_ .... 1111104117 

FOf mort Il'iorrmhon. cal 
t110 T .bhnQ O .... rtmenl I...., 

,l1li .. _1 

The UCSD Guardian 

---------------------------Arena 
How safe do you feel you and your 

belongings are on this campus? 
Photographer: Saul levine 

---------------------------

Car the!! 
is as bad 
as:lI1Y 
plac.e in 
an 

Diego. I'm not too paranoid, 
but do watch Out JI night. 

Karol Thompson 
Medical School 
Post Doctorate 

in Endocrinology 

Really 
sate. I 
leave my 
backpack 
in the 
gamcroom 

while 1 go to the bathroom. 
Cain Quigley, Warren 

Junior, Cognitive Science 

Not very 
safe ar 
alL My 
back· 
pack and 
mv 

boyfriend's backpack have 
been stolen, and my car has 
been mashed more than 
once. 

Leigh-Ann Green, Muir 
Senior, English and 

American Lit. 

Monday, May 18,1992 

I think I'm 
sale, bur my 
belongings 
aren't if 
they're left 
unattended. 

Derek Toomre, Graduate 
Biochemistry 

I thin the 
Price 

enter is 
sate: people 
tell me I 
shouldn't 
leave my 
stuff 
around. 

Mallory Kim, Warren 
Senior, Communication 

'HI PRO'ICTID UC BUDell 
CUI 15 I 0 11M IS WOR511 

IHI 24% FII.INCRIASI WAS 8ASID ON A 3% CUT, 
NOW IHI PROJICIID CUI IS 30.7%. 

THE REGENTS ARE NOW 
EXPECTING A $600 M""ON CUT 
IN THEIR BUDGET. THIS MEANS: 

lOSING A CAMPUS 

OR 

E"M'NAI'ING 30,000 SI'UDENrS 

DONIT LET THAT CAMPUS BE UCSD 
AND DON'T LET THAT 30,000 BE YOU! 

TAKE ACTION. 
1 p.m. THURSDAY 
AT THE HUMP 

SI'ONSORDEly> I"Q"'\ ( ( n n ( cc=:: I ] L...r""'W ""'"-"===.:-0.] lL.JJ ~.:::::::u W 

Monday, May 18, 1992 

SAFETY 
ConIInued .......... 52 
tant emergency telephone numbers. 

Student Safety A~ also 
works with individual colleges in 
sponsoring self«fense workshops 
for campus residents and annual 
lighting evaluation walks to ftnd 
poorly lit areas on campus. 

As a result, "there have been 
major improvemenlS over the past 
couple of years," Wahlig says. 

1be peer education program was 
developed with the intention ofedu-

" Violent crimes have 
historically been very low. 

" ALAN JENKINS 
UCSD Police Department 

eating staff who work with students, 
including resident advisors, and to 
make presentations 10 the Greek 

phi 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

CJ ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 25% OFF! 
CJ CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 

TIRES Reg. 27.95 NOW $19.95 
CJ SIOI CYCLING SHOES 

Reg. 69.95-89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 
CJ ALLJANNO NYLON 

BACKPACKS & BAGS 

o GIRO HELMETS 

CJ ALL AVOCET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

20% OFF! 
20% OFF! 

200/0 OFF! 

CLfARANCE SALE 
ON ALL REMAINING 

'91 BIKES 
All sale ~ems limiled 10 Siock on hand. 

SPECTACLE S7 

II/ 11//IOIIi/NI/lI\\/I) ,\ ~(/No"'/J) 1 \II/I \ (, /~ ' 
WlINODAT NIGHTS ".. 6 to 1 0 PM a,. 

UeSD NIGHT 
al ~~';}. ~;(l~ ~~~ aJ{)~ 

~-­~ 

DRAFT CHEESE 
PIZZAS Oef Mar Heights Rd·O ~ B~R5 

::::1 ~ ,1 
system and other student organiza- UCSD BDU: SHOP in the Student Center 
tions, Hours: Mon. - Fri. 1 DAM· 5PM 

$5.99 UC 0 so ~ ~ (wilh proof o(21) 
"In the past years. the number of L..!!!!!!!!!!.. ______ ~s:~34~-4~279~ _____ __1 

programs we have done has doubled. 12 ,~.t 1l ( \1{\1I1 (ot \ lIn IW \11· PIIO\I· .tXI·ld tl 
I would hope that it is hclpingpeople 
be more aware of rape and sexual 
assault," Wahlig adds. 

1be Community Service Officer 
(CSO)programevolvedoutofJoc's 
Escon Service during the late 1970s 
and was incorporated into the police 
department in 1980. 

Its main purposes are to provide 
escorts for safe campus crossings 
and to patrol parlc.ing lots. The es-
cort service is available seven days 
a week from 5 p.m. to I am, and can 
be reached at 534-WALK. 

1be CSOS are certified in CPR 
and first aid and are trained in traffic 
control, non-confrontational situa-
tions and how to deal with people. 

"We'reout theretohelp the com-
munity and serve as the eyes and 
ears of the police department," ex-
plains eso Program Coordinator 
Greg Koran. 

For many, safety is something 
taken for granted. We seem to ig-
nore the everyday chance of theft, 
assault or even rape. 

By increasi ng awareness through 
education and taking proper pre-
ventative measures, students may 
be able to greatly reduce the likeli-
hood of becoming yet another vic-
lim. 

PROTEST 
ContInued .......... 53 

1be acquittal of the officers on 
all but one count deeply disturbed 
many who felt the decision trans-
poned our nation back to the times 
when blacks did not have equal 
rights. Angry protestet} took to the 
streets throughout Los Angeles, 
seeking vengeance against a system 
that they felt had betrayed them. 

Protests broke out in San Diego 
too. 1be day after the verdict was 
announced. UCSD students gath-
ered at the Hump and marched to 
the police station. 

1be next day, approximately 400 
protesters sat down on lnIerstatc 5, 
blocking traffic for two hours in an 
otherwise peaceful protest. 

Dyer says that there was not as 
much aggression ashe had expected 
from the protesters, but there was a 
certain degree of hostility. 

"We did have a lot of anger di-
rected at US, but it generally sub-
sided once we could get people to 
undersland our position." he adds. 

(J ..... ao-II 

MAC CL II 4/40 MAC CL II 4/80 
• 

CL II qualifies for an easy to use, easy to buy FREE Software Promotion. 

"l 
0_., 

MAC LC II 4/80 PB 170 4/40IFAXMODEM 

QUANTITIES ARE LIMITED FOR EACH TYPE OF CPU! 
SALE DURATON - MAY 15 - JUNE 30! 

~ UCSD BOOKSTORE LlL5LJ t H )( , ...... I ( "..1 , 
A COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 429'1 

OPEN: MON· FRI BAM· 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 



SSCALENDAR 

~~ 
MflNla.v dlnl1tlfll FriIIa.v 

. 8a.m.-4:30p.m.-LetOASISStudr 

............... c.ne.. help you this 
quarterwrth time management. notetaking. 
midterm preparabon. and test-taking strat-
egies. Stop by York Halt 4010 or call 534-
7344 to set up a personaJ appointment. 
Also - stay on the lookout for those 
valuable OASIS Study Skills Workshop. 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Come to the OA-
SIS Sctwa ... , Writing Worbhop 
for assistance With your writing projects. 
We offer Individual and group tu1oring. 
Stop by York HaJi 4070 or call 534-7344 to 
set up an appointment. 
• 8a.m.-4:30p.m.- The OASIS lMto 
...... IIrogIwn provides aSSIstance 
to students whose native language is not 
Enghsh and to those dotng W()(k in Japa-
nese, Spanish, German, Vietnamese and 
French. A diagnostIC test on written En-
ghsh IS available on request. Call 534-
2284 for more Information. Old Student 
Center, Bldg. A. Room N214. 
• 8a.m.-4·3Op.m.- The OASISWrtt· 
Ing Center is a free service for all UCSO 
students. We offer one to one wr~ing con-
ferences for any type of writing prOjeCt -
academIC papers, personal statements, 
even stories and poems. Our staff 01 
trained undergraduates, who come 
from a vanety of academIC diSCI-
plines, can help you become a 
more effective writer Call 534-
2284 to make an appomtment or 
drop by our office In the Old Stu-
dent Center, Bldg A. Room #214 
Evening apPOIntments also avail-
able 

.IIo"dflv. MflY 18 
• 9-9.50 am'. - Produc. 
Ing Organization· Clas-
SlficatlOOCharts,E.tc Pre-
registration IS recom-
mended OaSIs Study 
Management Center. ~ 
York HaIl4?1O. ir 
• 11 -1150 a.m. - . 
Memory Tech· ~ 
nIques. York Hall 401 0 . 
AlsoWed .. May209-9:5O 
am 
. 12-12:5Op.m.- 1nfor. 
m.tlon Proce .. lng/ 
Text analysis. Preregis-
tration IS recommended. oa-
SIS Study Manageml6nt Cen-
ter. York Hall 4010. 
. 2-2.5Op.m.- Eum ........ 
... tIon. Preregistration is recom-
mended. OasIs Study Management 
Center. York HaU 4010. Also Thurs .. May 
21 4-4:50 p.m. 
• 3-3:50 p.m.-TIme .............. t 
Work8hop. Learn to manage valuable 
study limle more effICiently. Preregistration 
is recommended. oaSiS Study Manage-
ment Center. York Hall 4010 Also Tues., 
May 19,3-3:50 p.m .• Wed., May 20, 12-
12:50 p.m. 

T/ladn)'. ,\IflY lSi 
. 10-1O:5Oa.m . ...:StudyStrllteg ... 
for the Science.. Preregistration IS 
recommended. oaSIS Study Management 
Center. York Hall 4010. Also Thurs., May 
211-1:5Op.m. 
• 12-12:50 p.m. - Study Stnt .... 
for the Humanltl ... PrereglstratlOt1 is 
recommended QaslsStudyManagement 
Center. York Hall 4010. 
• 4-4'50 p.m. - Study Str.t .... 
for the Soc ... Sclenc ... PreregiS-
tration IS recommended. Oasis Study 
Management Center. York Hall 401 O. Also 
Thurs .. May 21 12-12:50 a.m. 

IVtd"rgfflv, ,\lflV 20 
• 10-10.50 a.m . ....:.. Lecture' 
Notet.klng. Preregistrabon is recom-
mended. oaSIS Study Management Cen-
ter. York Hall 4010. 

Snnmiln, Mflv 23 
• 8:3Oa.m.-l p.m. ":"'GMAT DI.gnos-
tic Te.t. Preregistration is recom-
mended. Oasis Study Management Cen-
ter York Hall 4020A. Free. 

,= I ~"'Ii~~jl"l="" 
Mondfl.v dmJIIgb Frida.v 

• All Day - Isn't it about timle you started 
getting in shaoe? Make the first step by 
getlJng your FREE fitness assessment from 
good old FlTSTOP! It's easy and tun! 
So, make your appointment today at the 
Student Health, 2nd floor. 

Momillv, Mav 18 
. 12-1 p.m.- WeightW.tc:hersAt. 
Work Progrwn. ContinuousenrolJment. 
Staff, faculty and students welcome. Call 
x47058 for details. 
• 12-2p.m.- Curiousaboutcholesterol? 
Find out your tolal cholesterol .. .,.. at 
a Iow-<:ost screening on the second floor 
of Student Health. No appointment is nec-
essary, but please pay at the cashier first. 
$3.AlsoThursday.May2111 a.m -1 p.m., 
and Fnday, May 2210 a m.-12 p.m. 
• 2p.m - You're dating thIS hunk named 
Bill. His presence gIVes you a thrill You 
think that he IS Mr Right and you plan for 
that special night You want your IIrst tme 
to be one of perfectIOn. so It is best not to 
forget contraception Come to a BIrth 

Control ............... 1 ••• lan be-
fore that big date and leamyoor opIionsfof 
sater, responsible sex. Second noor, Stu-
dent Health. Also Tuesday, May 19 11 
a.m. and 1 p.m .• Wednesday, May 20 1 
p.m. and Thursday, May 21 10 a.m. 

Tutslilly, Mav 19 
. 12-1 p.m.- lIuirtIIOnlnthe'Ma. 
Find out about healthy food choices in 
Berkeley Room, PrICe Center. Free - fun 
- food tips from Student Health Advfr 
cates. 

Wednesda~ Mflv 20 
• 10am. -TheW"'W~""'" 
....uon ....... ? What's that? Corne 
find out! You'll learn about pelvic exams, 
nutrition, preventatrvehealthcare, and the 
Women's Clinic. Allmportant Infonmation. 
All information you need to know! Second 
floor, Student Health. Also Thursday, May 
211 p.m. 

~"'~j~~~::a,.,..,..ct,-:*..s3 
Mtmlia.v dJ1'(J/{qIJ Fndfl.v 

• 8 a.m.-4 p.m. - SlQI PLUS (Systems 
oIlnteractrve Guidance and Information) 
IS a computer-based program of career 
Infonmation deSIgned to help you clarify 
your skills, values and OCcupabonallnter-
ests. For more informabon, come to Ca· 

reer Services Center 
AdmiSsion $10. 
• Mentor- If you're 
graduabng thlsquar-

ter and job-seeklng, we'll match you with 
a professional In your rleld of Interest who 
Will get you started networking in the local 
jOb market. Especially helpful for hberal 
artsmajors as an alternabve toon-<:ampus 
interviewing. Sign up With the main lobby 
receptJonist. Career ServiCes Center. 
• 1:30-4 p.m. - Drop-In AdvIsing 
Mows - For help with career goals, job 
hunting. resume preparation or exploring 
professional or graduate school opportu-
nities. No appointment necessary, Just 
walk In. Career ServiCes Center. 

MM,dav, MflV 18 
• 10'30 a.m. - lIiterviewing Skills 
WOlttshop- Learn techniques required 
to be successful In the interview process. 
Career ServICes Center. 
• 11 a.m.-12 p.m. - LHbIIIn, o.y 
.............. lndIvIduIIIpeer~ 
seling WIth ChelL Have a question? Want 
someone to talk to? Need a supportive 
environment? Drop by the Women's Re-
source Center or call 534-3987 to set up 
an appointment with Cheli, Usa, Steve or 
DaVId. 
• 3-4 :3Op.m.-Lou.ncI~: 
A group for students who wish to explore 
rew ways to grieve the death of a loved 
one. Leader: John Andrews, 534-0250. 
Call for sign-up. 1003 GH. 

Tuat/nv, MflV 19 
• 8-10 a.m. - Men · .... Women 
IIoIestecI .. ChI ....... : A group for 
survivors of childhood/adolescent sexual 
abuse. Leaders: Miriam losupovici, 534-
0255, and Rick Whitehill , 534-0248. call 
for sign up. 412 MAAC (ck in rm 7). 
• 2p.m. - ~et8bIe ......... -
Learn how to make a positive first impres-
sion with your resume. Career Services 
Center. 
• 2.J p.m. -~ o.y .... 
......... lnchIcIUIIIpeerCOUftMl. 
Ing WIth Steve. Drop by room 3247 of the 
Warren ~erature Bldg. or call 534.J987 to 
set up an appointment with Chell, l..Jsa, 
Steve or David, 
• 3-5 p.m. - .... ~. L.. ..... 

~ Support Group: Support 
group for women. Leader. Lindsay 
Calderon. 534-0249. Call for Slgn-up. 
Revelle CoIl. Prov. Bldg. 
• 5-6.30 p.m. - Le8bI8n .... BI-
...... 1 Women'. ~ Q ...... . 
LedbyChehandl..Jso Aweekfy,conflden-
bal group for WOOlen who want to discuss 
ISSues and share concerns In a comfort-

The UCSD Guardian 

able, supportrve envirorvnent. Orop-ins 
welcome, or call 534-3987 for more infor-
mation. Open to UCSO students onky. 
Women's Resource Center, 
• 6-9 p.m. - ......... WOItl· 
....... W ................. ..... 
vhMd 110 .......... _ ...... : One 
session workshop led by Belly Brooks. 
Call Miriam at 534-Q255 or Nancy.at 534-
5793 to sign up. Cove Room, PrICe Center. 

WeJnaUv. M.v 20 
• 8-30-10 a.m. - lim) in: A group for 
students beyond the pattem 01 binglng, 
dieting, and p\xging who want to over-
come past painful issues. Leaders: 8eYerfy 
Harju, 534-2237, and a peer counselor. 
Call before coming. 412 MAAC. 
• 11 -11 :50 a.m - RED ..... Work· 
8hop: A group led by a peer counselor to 
Identify and Improve habits, altitudes re: 
eating and body Image. Call Bever1y HarJU , 
534-2237, for information. 412 MAAC. 
• 1·2p.m -~ O'y .... 
Bi ....... ....."... ...... counsel-
Ing WIth DaVId Drop by room 3250 of the 
Warren l..Jterature Bldg. or call 534-3987 to 
set up an appotntment With Chell, usa, 
Steve or DaVId. 
• 1-2:30 p m. - Aorn8ntlc CopIng 
SId.1s Group: A group to teach ways to 
create and maintain relatIOnships and 
o vercome 
break -

ups. Leaders: Beverfy Harju, 534-2237, 
and Vivian Chee, 534-3585. Call for sign-
up. 412MAAC. 
• 3-4:30p.m. - ChemIstry. Physic. 
..... MIdh ....... - Need experi-
ence? Learn frern a panel of experts how 
students with these majors can gain prac-
tiCal experience before graduation. 
• 3-4:30p.m.- ChIcanoInII. L..tInoI 
L..tInII • ....". AmerIAn ~ 
Group: Meets weekly to discuss aca-
demic, person and SOCial experiences. 
Leaders: Dan Munoz. 534-1579 and Und-
say Calderon, 534-{)249. Call for sign-up. 
Revelle Provost Office. 
• 4~ p.m. - .... Ico OrIentation: 
For all EAP & OAP students going abroad 
thiS SUTlmer or next year. Talk to returnees 
and get more info that will help you pre-
pare for Mexico! Int'l Center Lounge . 

11/11rsdn.v, MfI.Y 21 
• 10:30 a.m. - On c.m.r.-Inter-
viewing Sldn. F_ EmpIoyment-
Using video. improve your technique 
through practice and valuable feedback. 
PrerequiSite: Attend an Interviewing Skins 
Workshop. Sign up for this 2 hour work-
shop at the Career Services Center Refer-
ence Room. 
• 12-1 p.m. - a...bI8n, o.y ..... 
......... InchIcIUIII ..... ~ 
Ina with Usa. Drop by the Women's Re-
source Center or call 534-3987 to set up 
an appointment with Cheli, Usa, Steve or 
David. Women's Resource Center. 
• 1-2:30 p.m. - III8Ck F ........... 
Group: Group fOf African-American 
women who wish to explore feminisV 
womanist perspectives. Leader: Equilla 
Luke, 534-3585. Call beIorecorning. Mul-
tain View Lounge. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - Adult CIIM*en of 
Alcoholic. P8yc .... cIuc8tIonel 
Supp DI1 ..,..: A group to explore 
growing up with an alcoholic parent. 
Leader: Robin Aeed-Spaulcting, 534-0256. 
and Vivian Chee 534-3585. Call for sign-
up. Mountain VteW Lounge. 
• 3-5 p.m. - F .... Good: A work-
shop for individuals In emoIional distress 
who want to functlOt1 better. Leader: Reina 
Juarez. 534-3875. Call for sign-up. 2148 
HSS. 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - OIly ............. 
.....'. "pDl1 Group, led by peer 
counselors DaVId and Steve. A 'NOOkIy, 
confidential group for men who want to 
diSCUSS Issues and share concerns In a 

comfortable, supportive environment. 
Dr~ns welcome, or cal 534-3987 for 
more Information. ap., k> UCSO stu-
dents only. Mountain V'If/N l.wlge, Third 
College, 

Fridav, MII'I22 
• 10-10:50a.m . ..:... ..., ..... Work· 
...... : A group led by a peer counselor to 
identify and improve habits, alliludes re: 
eating and bodylmage. Call Beverly I-W~, 
534-2237, for Information. 412 MAAC. 
• 12-1 :30 p.m. - ..... "1= c.. 
IIII8IIty Forum: Orop-in group address-
ing concerns 01 AsianlPacWic Islander stu-
dents. Leaders: Jeanne Manese, 534-
3035, and ViVIan Chee. Mountain VteW 
Lounge. 
. 2-4p.m. - Lou ............ :A 
group for students who wish to explore 
new ways to grl6ll8 the death 01 a loved 
one. Leader: Robn Aeed-Spaulding. 534-
0256. Call for Slgn-up. 1003 GH. 
• 2-4 p.m. - Alcohol ......... 
st.nce Abuse Group: SupportIve 
enwonnnent for diSCUSSIng problems re-
lated to alcohol and substance abuse. 
Leader: Dan Munoz, 534-1579. Aevefle 
CoIl. Provo Office. 
• 4-6 p.m. - c.mpua BIIIck FOftIIII: 
Informal group for AfrICan-American stu-
dents. Leader: Phil Raphael, 

534-0252. Mountain VIeW 
Lounge . 

~ji.'~ 
Tuesda.v, Ma.v 19 

• 5:30-7 p.m. - Don't let fear of public 
speaking get in your way! Leam and 
practice communication skills at Unlvw-
sHy T~. Fun, supportive 
weekly meetings are open to everyone. 
MAAC Conf. Rm. l11-A (South Ii Price 
Center bookstore). More info? Call Dave 
546-1942. 
• 6 p.m.- WI"""" Club Meeting. 
Backpacking, mountain biking & various 
recreatIOnal activities. Come join the fun. 
Gallery A. Price Center (2nd floor above 
the theater). 

Wtd"rgfflv. Mflv 20 
• 12-1 :30 p.m. _.F'SSi: Faculty, Stu-
dent. Staff Interaction. Meet us for lunch at 
the patio behind Round Table Pizza. Ev-
erybody Welcome! 
• 5 p.m, - Rex your creative muscle. 
Join EMt West HorIaona, UCSO's 
joumal 01 Asian-American experiences. 
Meetings Wednesdays CIt 5 p.m. in the 
SludentCenter. Conference Room (across 
from 50ft Reserves). 

17mmflv, Mav21 
• 5 p.m. - CALPIiMa (California Public 
Interest Research Group) meeting. Stu-
dent envirormental group. Come get in-
volved. Peterson 103 . 
• 7 p.m. - Surf a.. meeting every 
ThlXsdayat7p.m. inAPM2113.Beerand 
videos. 

EVENTS 
Tutsda.y d'""tIJ/, SRturda.v 

• 10 a.m.-5 p.m. - Grove Gallery. 
• ....., ~ A T ..... AnnI-
..-..y llebuPi caw.: 11 cerami-
cists who have exhibited their works will 
return. Saturday hours: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. 
Through Jooe 14. 

We411esdfl.v dJ1'(Ju61 SIItula.v 
• ArtiS1 Eleanor Antin. a perfonmance 
artist. filmmaker and prliessor visual arts 
at UCSO will have her latest work, ....., 
WIthout • Wortd· screened at the 
Laemmle Monica Theatre, Second Street 
and Santa MonIca Boulevard in Santa 
Monica. Through June 4. 

SlIfHrrla, a"d Hlldav 
• 12-5 p.m. - Leon Golub, a renowned 
painter will exhibit hiS first 3D sculptural 
instanatlOO btJed "WortdwIde" at the 
MandevIlle Gallery. Opening receptJon IS 
6-8 p.m. on May 22. Gallery closed M0n-
days. Exhibit on display through June 21 . 

Monday, May 18,1992 

MIlMay. May 18 
• 7 p.m. - Free' movie: .......... 
YIoIMce .• At the Germtnal next to the 
ChaCafe. 

WtJ".:rriav, May 20 
• 11 a.m.-l p.m.- WegOttherighttaste 
babyuh-huh! LGaA' ........ & ...... 
Soc-.. at North Conference Roan . 
• 6-8 p.m, - Ioe c..... IocW for 
Warren CoIIegeComrrlOO'sExpansionCel-
ebration. take a study break and join us for 
some free ice cream at Warren Commons. 
• 7:30 p.m. - CivIl War Roundtable 01 
SanDiegoforCivIIWarenthuSlasts.AI.ben 
H. Fleet Theater in the conference room. 
Topic: ........... J.ck .... the 
--.n,the ....... • 

Flidnv, Mav 22 
• 7:30 p.m. -JanialCan-born composer 
Doe .... Ew8rtandperformancepoet-
arost Ann8nd Sell ......... will share 
the program at the UCSO Center for Re-
search and Computing In the Arts. For 
more Info call 534-2860. 
• 9 p.m.- a..... Student AuG-
cllltlon SprIng IIonIIre at La Jolla 
Shores. Corne join us. ThereWiI/ befriends, 
food and fun. 

"#(iiIiUJLI .. ' 
TI/Mnv. Mnv }I; 

• 8p.m.-Film: ;c.bU.MVK8.· 
Mandeville Auditorium. $5 general, 

$4 students. For info call 534-
4000. 

I't'tdllesdnv, Mav 20 
• 7-8:30 p:m . ....:.. Corne 
enjoy an ·EveNng with 
Dr. Jotw. Sdd· Dr. Salk 
WIll be speaking about his 
work in mledlclne and mledi-
cal history. FREE admiSSlOt1 . 
All welcome! Garren Audite-
num, BaslCScienceBldg., 1st 

floor. Hosted by UCSD Pre-
MedClub. 

71l11mflv. MflV 21 
• 12p.m.- The DepartlnentofEthntc 
StudIeS presents a seminar by FIorencia 
E. Mallon of the University of Wisconsin 
Department of History. ThIEl seminar is 
entitled, "WhoM ..... ar.n.y 

Anyw-W ...... Who o.t. to 
D8c1d81: Local Intellectuals, He-

gemony and National Politics.· 
3415 Ut. BIg. 

• 7 p.m. -In PH 108. 
Byron K ..... w • . a 
nationally known lecturer 
& consultant in the area 
oIworkforcediversityand 
multiculturalism. will 
speak. Sponsored by 
Muir Cultural Society. 
FridflV, Mnv 22 

• 12 p.m. - The PrOgram in Religious 
Studies presents a brOWln bag faculty 
seminar by Hasan Kayali 01 the Religious 
Studies Program and the Department 01 
History. The seminar is enti1led, ...... 
.............. : An Islamist Ottoman In-
tellectual: Please feel free to bring your 
lunch. HSS 4025. 
• 3 p.m. - Lecture by Paula Findien, His!. 
Dept. UC Davis ................ Pall-
tics, P.nogr8phJ1n Rr .... .-c. 
Italy: Place: 3155~. BIg. Co-sponsors: 
History, Italian Studies, Women's Studies. 

SlItJlrrlnv, MflV 23 
• 8 p.m. - MuSic: :DonII NobIs 
PItc ..... • Mandeville Auditorium. Perfor-
mance repeats May 24 at 3 p.m. $10 
general. $8 senior citizens, $5 students. 
For info call 534-4637. 

Nrxt Week 
• Wednesday, May 27, 7 p.m. - Scru-
........ a Quedon of Ethica. Have 
you ever been faced with a realfy tough 
leadership or ethics situation? Find ou1 
what you can do,and have fun at the same 
timle! This workshop includes group dis-
cussion 01 controversial issues related to 
ethics and leadership. Test your scruples! 
Learn how to help yourself and others in 
making healthy, prolessional, ethical de-
cisions. Price Center DaviSiftiverside rm. 

Wj'taC!D9 
T"t:Sllav, May 19 

• 12-1 p.m.- llllilestud,inthebook 
of Acts. Price Center, Swlta Barbara Am. 

Wednesda.y, MfI:r 20 
• 6p.m. - ...... isserved by lutheran 
Campus Ministry. Open to all. At the Uni-
versity Lutheran Church, across from 
AeIIeIIe. 
• 7 p.m. - .... ......, sponsored by 
the Lutherans at UCSO. Everyone wei-
come. University Lutheran Church. 
• 8 p.m. - "WIwt Is the Church 
For1,. presented byCampusPastor John 
Huber. All are welcome. University 
Lutheran Church. 

Sum/av, MIlv24 
• 10: 15a.m.- A .................. 
is led by Campus Pastor John HUber. 
Welcome. University Lutheran Church. 

Nrxt Wrrk 
• Friday, May 29,7 p.m. - •• 1111. 
.......... Union 01 Jewish Students hosts 
the last Shabbat conservative service and 
dinner 01 the year. Reserve a mI6al for $5 
at the Office 01 AeligiousAffairs, 502 MAAC 
or call Con at 534-2521 . 


