
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

feminism and 
Women'sChoice 

This year, feminism has 
moved back in the spot-
light. and the implications 
are vast One key area of 
women's rights will be put 
to the test ill July when the 
U.S. Supreme Court rules 
on the constitutionality of 
the Pennsylvania Abortion 
Conttol Act of 1989. The 
ruling, many speculate, 
could sound the death knell 
for the 1973 Roe v. Wode 
decision / PAGE 4 

HiATUS 

Summer flicks 
The summer films are 

starting to pop up, and 
Hiatus will help you to 
make an educated decision 
on where to spend that $7. 
Also inside, the Indigo Girls 
discuss their "Rites of 
Passage" / PAGE H1 

SPECIAL 

GettlngOut 
You've always suspected 

that your friend the V A 
major has always had an 
easier time with classes than 
you. Maybe you're sick and 
tired of listening to engi-
neering majors whine about 
all the classes they have to 
take. Here's some armnuni-
lion as the Guardian takes a 
Sfalistallook at UCSO's 
graduates / PAGE 9 

INDEX 
UCSD News .............. 2 
Opinion .................... 4 
Hiatus .................... H1 
Sports .................... 11 
Classifieds ............. 12 

. . _:..... v:f!'.~~.~->. • • '-~ .. <? .~ -
-. ,......- - ".:' :..M:i. 

THURSDAY 
afe1,1992 
o~ 76. No. 16 

.. 

. " 

HoImesAcquittedforl ackofEvidence 
• Associated Students presidential election's 
run-off ballots, which have been sealed for six 
weeks, ordered to be counted tomorrow 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

1lle Associated Students Judi-
cial Board ruled in favor of A.S. 
presidential candidate Mike Holmes 
yesterday, finding him not guilty of 
campaign violation charge ' levied 
against him by his opponent, Ruben 
Duran. 

In the 4-0 decision, with one 
abstention, the Judicial Board also 
mandated that the ballots in the run-
off presidential election be tallied 

Push-Off 

and the re ults posted by tomorrow. 
The ballots have remained ealed 
and uncounted since the last day of 
voting ix weeks ago. so the Judicial 
Board could hear grievance filed 
by both Dur.in and Commis ' ioner 
ofOperJtions. Enterpri es and Ser-
vice Paul Wilcox. 

The decision, posted yesterday 
at 2 p.m .• state. "The testimony and 
evidence presented indicated that 
Holmes did not falsify information 
on the election commiuee form . 

We find that Holmes did in fact 
accurately make a complete record 
of his campaign literature," 

In a hearing last week. Duran 
accused Holmes of printing and dis-
tributing 2.800 more campaign fly-
ers than he reponed. possibly ex-
ceeding hi campaign expenditure 
allowance. 

The Judicial Board fou nd that all 
of Holme • flyers used in the cam-
paign had been properly received 
and recorded. that the litemture had 
been assigned a fair and accumte 
market price and that all campaign 
materials used by Holmes were cor-
rec tly allributed to his slate 's 

Guardian FU8 Photo 
A.S. Presidential Candidate 

See HOLMES, Page 7 Mike Holmes 

Judicial Board 
Members 
Approved 
• Corral contends that the 
status of the board, official or 
unofficial, remain the same 
By Joanne Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

The ASUCSDJudicial Board will now be 
recognized as an official body following the 
Associated Students' confimlation of the five 
Judicial Board college represcntatives last 
night. 

Due to an administrative oversight, the 
names of the five Judicial Board' members 
that have served all year were never submit-
ted to the Associated Students for approval. 

See BOARD, Page 3 

Co-ops Bid 
For Credit 
Union Space 
By Francisco DeVries 
Staff Writer 

The GenerJl Store Cooperative proposed 
on Monday the creation of a new Textbook 
Co-op in the Student Center space of the now-
defunct Student Credit Union. 

After several months of a fruitless search 
for another credit union to sponsor the Stu-
dent Credit Union. the Associated Students 
returned the storefront space to University 
Center Board (UCB) control at the board's 
Monday night meeting. 

The bassist for Paul 's God lifts off during a noon performance Wednesday in the Price Center. The UCB will not vote on the propo~al 
See UCB, Page 7 

Student Parking Fees Will Rise $22.50 Next Year 
• Cost of nine-month staff peIll'llt to increase by $29.25; 
faculty nine-month peIll'llt fees to rise by $31.50 
By Melnda Hamilton 
Senior Staff Writer 

An across the board increase of 
10 percent for next year's USCD 
parking fees received approval ear-
lier this month, according to park-
ing officials. 

Student permits will go up $2.50 
a month from $25, staff permits will 
rise by $3.25 from $32 and faculty 

permits will increase by $3.50 from 
$35 per month. 

Translated into quarterly rates. 
students parking on campus will 
pay $82.50 per quarter; taff, 
$105.75 per quaner; and faculty , 
$115.50 per quarter, according to 
UCSD Police Chief John Ander-
son. 

Director of Parking and Trans-

ponation Services (PTS) Roben 
Urn tead said in a recent interview 
that the increase was needed to cover 
the cost of a new bond which fi-
nanced some of the parking con-
struction over the last three years. 

He estimated that PTS needs to 
accrue another $500,000 to pay the 
principal and intere t and the addi-
tional debt service that will "kick 
in" next year. 

Anderson said the increase will 
also offset other operational co ts. 

including the creation of new lots, 
salarie of parking employees. utili-
ties and maintenance of the shuttle 
system. 

The new fee rJtes rcpresent the 
recommendations forwarded to 
Dean of Business Affair Steven 
Relyea by the Transportation and 
Parking Advisory Committee 
(TP AC). Relyea approved the rates 
earlier this month. 

According to TPAC member 
See PARKING, Page 8 



2 NEWS 

\J[VVS I\J l3RICr 
PresIdentIal C8ndIdate Jerry Brown 
To Talkat PrlceCenterFrtdayEvenk1g 

DemocralicpresidenlialcandidaleandfonnerCalifomia 
Governor Edmund G. "Jeny" Brown. Jr. will address the 
San Diegocommunity during a visit to the UCSD campus 
tomorrow at 5 p.rn. Brown is campaigning for the upcom-
ing California primary election to be held on JW1CI 2. 

The rally will be held in !he counyard of the Price 
Center. and will be open to the public. 

For additional infonnation, caU Brown for President! 
San Diego at 7564362. 
15OO-MemberGospei Choir to Open 
Undergraduate Arts festival May 27 

A peciaJ performance of the entire I ,5()().voice UCSD 
Go pel Choir will launch this year's Undergraduate Arts 
Festival at 12:30 p.m. Wednesday, May 27 in the Price 
Center Plaza. 

Sharing the bill will be the UCSD Jazz Ensemble, 
directed by Music Department Senior Lecturer Jimmy 
Cheatham, which will perfonn at II :45 a.m. 

Four hundred members of the Gospel Choir also will 
take the tageatS p.m. Tuesday ,May 26, in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. Under the direction of Ken Anderson. the 
choir gives three perfonnances annually for the UCSD 
Department of Music. 

Tickets for the May 26 perfomlance are $3 for students 
and $5 for general admission. and may be purchased at the 
door. 

For infomlation. caU the .Department of Mu ic at 534-
3230. 

Musician Ewart and Poet Schwerner 
to Perfonn Together Tomorrow 

J amaican-oom musician-<:amposer Douglas Ewart and 
performance poet-artist Armand Sch werner will share the 
stage at 7:30 p.m. tomorrow at the UCSD Center for 
Research and Computing in the Arts on Russell Drive. 

Ewart is the director of the experimental music group 
"Inventions" and Schwemer is a professsorof speech and 

The UCSD Guardian 

world literature at City University of New yon.. Staten Island. 
The perfonnance is free and open to the public. 

Co&nJtIve ScIentIst Says Modem 
Household GadgetsTynllillzeH ...... 

Many people seem to have problems programming a VCR 
or are never able 10 find the rigtu burner in a high-tech kitchen. 
In an increasingly technological world. many of us feel 
increasingly incompetent when it comes to perfonning some 
of the simplest taSks in life. 

Don Noonan. chair of the UCSO cognitive science de-
pamnent. says we don't need 10 feel stupid anymore. because 
it's really not our fault. UC;:SO's "gadget guru" and author of 
the new book Turn Signals Are 1M Facial Expressions 'oj 
Automobiles. says that we aretryannizcdby the very machines 
we have come to depend on, and that to n:verse this alanning 
tn:nd we must develop teclmology that is more user-friendly. 

"I believe we can create a humane technology, one that 
serves and enhances people and society," Norman said. "But 
this won 'I happen unless educated. concerned people take a 
hand in the design and application of our technology. The aim 
of Turn Signals is 10 increase our sensitivity to the dehwnan-
izing aspects of technology, in the hopes of making people 
realize that we can change it" 

Noonan. who also wrote the highly-acclaimed book The 
Design of Everyday Things, has been studying the perversity 
ofinanimateobjects, and ourability to masterthem. for the last 
decade. 

In his research, as well as in his recent book, Norman has 
examined the design pitfalls of nOl only the usual suspects-
computers, VCRs and other machines - but alsoofliving and 
working env i ronments, such as the kitchen, the office and even 
the cockpit of a 747. 

Nonnan's ideas for producing well-designed. workable 
technology have gotten the attention of numerous public and 
pri vate sector entities outside of academia. Nonnan serves as 
a consultant to numerous companies on design, computer 
interfaces, consumer products and human error. 

BIologIst Given $500,000 Grant for 
Work In GenetIcs and BIochemistry 

James T. Kadonaga. an assistant professor of biology at 
UCSD, was named last week as one of the first 30 scientists 
and engineers to receive the Presidential Faculty FeUow 
Award. Each award carries a grant from the National Science 
Foundarion 0($100.000 per year for five years. 

Kadonaga, whojoined the UCSO faculty in 1988, is being 
awarded for his leaching and research in the fields of genetics 
and biochemistry. His work focuses on gene regulation-
how cells know when to divide or shut down. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Ft1day, 
Saturday, and Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

.., 
(Feet) 
2-3 

..... 
DIrection 
w 

Surfing 
ConditIons: 
FAIR 

Average temper· 
atures for 
... /alrare: 

68/71 

Thursday, May 21,1992 

L!G~' 
~,J"S! P.E~lS 

CeapAed .., o.wtd Snow. Stall wr.r W.......,._13: 
6:50 p.m.: A student reported that he was defrauded by a 
suspect who used a check with insufficient funds to pay a 
debt. Loss: $350. 
'fIIuIIdIIJ • .., SA: 
2:25 a.m.: All ~ norHlftlllate was detalned for 
beirW drunk in public at Lot 305. He was transported to 
Detox. 
FtW.y.M8J1I: 
5:58 p.m.: A 21.,.ear~ student was arrested at Voigt Drive 
and Scholars Drive for beirC drunk in public. He was 
transported to the county jail. 
8 p.m.: A 23-year-old student was arrested for being drunk 
in public at the PrIce Center. 
9 p.m.: Two 19-year-01d male students and an 18-year-01d 
female student were arrested at ~atthews Lane for public 
dn.r\keness. 
9:15 p.m.: A 19-year-01d student was arrested at the Price 
Center for being drunk In public. 
10 p.m.: OffICials took a 35-year-old male non-affiliate from 
the Main Gym and committed him to the County Mental 
Hospital, fearing that he was at risk of committing suicide. 
10:25 p.m.: Two 19-year-01d male non-affiliates were 
arrested at 112 MMC for possession of alcohol. 
11:30 p.m.: A 21-)'ear-old male non-affiliate was arrested 
for being drunk in public at the Price Center. 
11:45 p.m.: A 23-year-old student was detained for being 
drunk in public at Matthews Lane. 
Saturd8y, Mar 16: 
12:05 a.m.: A 19-year-old male student was arrested for 
possession of alcohol at the Price Center. 
Monday. Mar 18: 
1:3.5 p.m.: Two male non-affiliates, ages 20 and 29, were 
arrested at Scholars Drive and North'liew Drive for posses-
sion of bulglary tools. Their '75 Datsun was .Impounded, as 
neither man was a licensed driver. 
3:10 p.m.: Three male fIOINjffiliates, ages 21, 20 and 19, 
were arrested In Lot 355 for burglary and possession of 
burglary tools. 
TueedIIJ. M8r19: 
9:45.a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of an '86 
Jeep Cherokee from Lot 406. 
Durintl the time period May 13-19, 5bc bicycles were 
reported stolen for B total loss of $1.205. 
kcorf1i11g to campus police. the high number of public 
drunkeness arrests last week is related to the activities 
surroundirg Fridsy's Sun God Festival. 

GUARIlIAN 
JASON SNELL, EdIIDt In ChIef 
PETER KO. Maqjtw EdIIDt 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0phbJ EllIot 
MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER, ANOCl&te Hiatus E.dItOI' 
JAMES COl UER, Des4In EdIIDt 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy EtItor 
BEN FREUND, A....,. Spectacle EllIot 
JOSEPH GARCIA, HIatus EllIot 
MARY IETTY HEARD, News EtIIor 
CHERYL HOCtWAN, Assoolate Copy &IIor 
SUE MAPES, AMIdIrte Photo EtItor 
MEL MARCElO, GlaphIcs EllIot 
DAN MCDOWELL. PbaIo &IIIrx 
PHf.P MICHAElS, ~~ 0phIan &IIor 
KEN PERlMAN, Sporfs EdIIDt 
ANGELA ROVA, *-,tade &IIIrx 
ERIC SCHMIJT, A.odate NeM EtItor 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, 4."". News ElM« 
WI&N WONG, A.ocWe HIatus EdIIDt 
GREQG WRENN, ~ Sporfs EdIIDt 
- .... _ Sty .. DIal. Jemy Gal .... _. HemlllCn. Josh 
0cIina.0VII~. _Rhyne. MIII1MwRobinson. MIchMI Sc:hweru.PeuI 

1IiIhop~ 
- ~ 0eIn BIOnsIein. Karen Cheng. Justine CClp'i. Stephanie 
Oenfatd. Frencilco DeVries. _ Don"""". lien EICin. Den 0ebIe<. i(;rsten 
H_. Den KIaIaa. 111_ .. Lee. Etiel 111 __ • Thefesa _. 
SCOtt 0Icem0t0. SUlenno Ph ... Suzanne f'oNlh. TteelPowe • . John R .... Karl 
s.ul. 0_ Snow. Ted Sonoo. John ~ 
- _ OVII ROCI'ief 
II_RonC8dIz.ROII<Kuo.C.nnl .... leit/1AnneMcCom8<Jllley.UU 
lIIul_. Adriano Munoz. Ryuto Nakajima. lilly Roe. Mate uptergr""" 

~ .............. - 1\IyUSnet. Soul leYine. Paul Mockey. CtM:k NlU)'en. JennIfer V..,. Nny ZIoI 
c:.r-MIc:helIeCl1i .... Mon'C.~.Monic._.JessIeSprircet 
__ Melinde Heml/ton 

BOB DeANDREA, BwInea M."",., 
MICHAEL FOULKS, AdYert&IIW ....... 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdvertlsItW Des.",., 
E. LEIGH HENRY, a..HIed .,. ... Fltatlte 
......... 1 .... ua GeNt Feinreict1. Kei F\dIIN. Uu Mane VokMck ............... _Mo,w._v_ 
-= Joe Lee. s.m.- ShItr 

Thursday, May 21,1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

GSA Votes in Carroll as President 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

In an unconlested election Tuesday, 23 
members of the Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) approved sociology graduate student 
Patrick Carroll as GSA president for 1992-93. 

International Relations/Pacific Studies (1Rj 
PS) graduate student Jaina Selaw ki was 
elected vice pre ident of finance, the only 
other uncontested position. Like Carroll. 
Selawski is a current member of the council, 
and has served on the finance committee. 

The new vice president internal will be 
literature graduate student Claudia Huiza. a 
newcomer to the GSA council. 

Robert Osborn. also anlIVPS graduale 
student and member of the current GSA coun-
cil, was voted in as vice president external. 

A referendum mailed to each gniduate 
student. asking whether the quarterly GSA 
activity fee should be increased from $5 to 
$7.50. failed, according to outgoing GSA 
President Denise Fenton. 

She said that the GSA mandates that one-

third of all graduate students vote onquestions 
of self-assessed campus-based fees. but only 
28.5 percent of graduate students voted on thi 
referendum. 

TIle board chose not to reconsider the vote 
under the campu -wide stipulation that only 
20 percent of students vote on self-assessed 
fee . 

"We didn 't want to be secn as whining 
when things don'l go our way," Fenton ex-
plained. 

She theorized that the low turnout in the 
mail vote could be due to students who effec-
tively abstained from the vot.e. orwho demon-
strated their oppo it ion to the referendum by 
not voting. 

Out of the 834 votes cast, Fenton said 55.5 
percent were in favor of the $2.50 activity fee 
increase. and 45.5 percent opposed it. 

Looking back on the organization's 
achievements during the past year. Fenton 
said, "I think we brought an added dimension 
to the debate on campus . . . a very moderate 
voice." 

BOARD: Confinnationsto be retroactive 
Continued from page 1 
Gloria Corral. the Judicial Board chair, was 
the only AS.-approved member on the board. 

Paul Wilcox, the AS. President pro tem 
said it was his interpretation that the Judicial 
Board members were official from the time 
that their colleges appointed them. "We just 
want to clear up everything so there is no 
justification to appeal to a higher process," 
Wilcox said. 

He added, "The appointments will be con-
firmed by the AS. retroactive as of when they 
were appoin ted by their colleges. To do any-
thing else is to question the board's validity 
and consti tutional ity." 

, 
, 
, 

" , 

, 
~ 

TIle controversy over the Judicial Board 
appointments arose when acting President 
Randolph Siwabessy discovered that the mem-
bers had never been confirmed by the A.S. 
council. 

Siwabessy contended that it was the re-
sponsibility of the Judicial Board chair to 
make sure that the names of the board mem-
bers were submitted to the council. 

However, the Judicial Board charter does 
not specify who has the responsibility of 
submitting the college appointments. and to 
whom they should be addressed. Therefore. 
councilmembers have had to make their own 
interpretations of whose responsibil ity it was 

FIND 
Roomm ates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Deals 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Repair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
and more in 

T1Ht Guardl_ 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

UCSO·SUMMER 
SPECIAL 

25% OFF ANY size storage unit 
with this ad at 

•• I Miramar at Cabot 
uc ! II , i Self Storage • .. 0 
• 8192 Miramar Rd. 811t_..., (extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) • • c.-
La Jolla Village Dr. MIramar Rd. 549·0500 I I 

Calvin and Hobbes 

~! I : \ I I 
! 

'--- ------' 

to ubmit names for approval. 
Recognizing the ambiguity of the charter. 

many .councilmembers have chosen not to 
lay the blame for the unoffi cial status of the 
board on anyone person. 

The status of the deci~ions already reno 
dered by the Judicial Board has not yet been 
determined. 

Carr.!l contended that although the board 
was not official during any of the recent 
he;:lring , thecharacterofthe board remained 

by Bill Wattenon 

the s<une. offi cial or not. 
Corral also said that she went ahead wi th 

the Dliralll'. Holmes hearing. despite protests 
from Siwabessy. because she wanted to be 
consistent with past cases. "To differentiate 
lbetween ] thi~ca. e landlthe p,L~t ones would 
have been unprecedented. I wanted to remain 
consistent." Corral said. 

It is now up to the A.S. Council to decide 
if it wants to uphold or in validate the past 
dec i~ions . 

reedomo 
• exPr£~~!9~y 

50% to 90% 
BELOW 
RETAIL 

8250 Camino 
Santa Fe 
450~3323 
(Miramar Area) 
We(l,.Fri. 11·7 
Sat. & Sun. 11-5 
aM coming soon 
PACIFIC BEACH 

•• ~ 

MONDAY, MAY 25th 

~ 
~ Q::; 
~ 
~ 
~ 



4 OPINION 

ON THE SIDE 
SPEAKING our 
ON FEMINISM 

The follooltq in 
excerpts from 
Fetrmlsm: M Inquity, a 
bound collection of 
WI1tten responses to 
the question ·What Is 
Femlnlim to Y~?· 

Third College Senior Jeff 
Yamaguchi compiled and edited the 
collection: 

Boys nI Girls are Equal 
I think boys are not smarter than 

girts and gltls are not smarter than 
boys. They both answer the same 
amount of questJons In school. 

They both are very smart. and If you 
have smarter girts In your class, there 
are more smart boys in another class. 
Maybe you think that girts are smarter 
than boys and you might also think that 
boys are smarter than girts. The truth Is 
that boys and girls are equal . 

I think that both boys and girts can 
grow up to be doctors, not Just boys. 
And both boys and girls can grow up to 
be nurses, not Just girts. They are Just 
different sexes. And that sh~1d not 
make a difference. 

- JocIe YllllacucN 
RtfhGntdeT 

feminism Is a SImple Concept 
Why is feminism so controversial? It 
shouldn't be. To me It's a pretty simple 
concept. 

I believe in equal woOl fOf equal pay. 
I believe in a woman having a 

fulfilling career and a family at the same 
time. 

I bellell8 In an equal mamage where 
husband and wife share household 
responsibilities. 

I believe in parenLS taking an equal 
role in raising the children. 

I have no problems with a man 
holding a door open for me or bUying 
me dinner - as long as he doesn't 
have a problem with me holding a door 
open for him and buying him dinner. 

I have no problems with those who 
do not believe in the same ideals that I 
believe in, as ~ as my views do not 
infrl,* upon their righLS and their views 
do not infringe upon mine. 

I believe In equality. 
- Jenny GaIaJC 

ThInI CoIIefI DeM'. I",.", 
PoIntiIg the Finger at feminists 
Does anyone have a clue what feminism 
means anymore? Seems toQay women 
are more confused than ever. In fact. all 
we're doing now is pointing the finger at 
each other. Pointing the fircer at 
homemakers fO( "allowing" themselves 
to be oppressed. Pointing t'le finger at 
feminists fO( becoming too radical, to 
the point of andrtlgfrr;. Pointing the 

fi~r at her because she's got breast 
Implants; and pointing the flrcer at her 
because she's got a tattoo, 0( she's 
married, or has no opinion about 
feminism - Of mao,tIe she doesn't 
know what the hell feminism meansl 

Feminists haYe been polarized Into 
two main groups: ardent feminists 
promoting actNe support and those 
women defensNe to feminist attacIIs. 
Obscurity surrounds the root or rnotiYe 
of this dispute, but a monkey can see 
the result: stagnation. How can we 
facilitate progress when we're c0n-
stantly atgulng and ~ at each 
other nke star-beilled sneetches? We 
can't My advice for IWlyOIle quick to join 
either side of the feminist spectrum is 
this: take a lor( haId loOk In the mirror, 
bitch. 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 21,1992 

Katie RoelGuald'arl 

c o M M E N T A R y 

WOMEN, FEMINISM 
AND CHOICE 

Can Roe ~ Wade 
Survive Summer? 
By Sheryl Wolcott, Sen;or Staff Writer 

I NJULY, THE UNITED STATES SUPREME Coon is scheduled to ruJe on the constitution-ality of the Pennsylvania Abortion Control Act 
of 1989. The ruling. many specUlate. could be the 
death knell for the landrnarlt 1973 Roe 1'. WOOe 
decision. which assured a woman's right to choose 
to have an abortion during the ftrSt six months of 
pregnancy. 

Since Bush appointees David Souler and 
Oarence 'Thomas have taken seats on the bench, 
certainly the make-up of the Supreme Court has 
shifted to the right, and there is not doubt the 
Pennsylvania law will test the current COlIn's stand 
on abonion. In facL most experts agree that the 
court is very likely to uphold the law. 

However, the coun has more options than 
simply to outlaw abortion (except in cases of rope, 
incest or impending threat to the mother's life). The 
glimmer of hope for the legality of a woman's right 
to choose is that the court issues a narrow ruling on 
the Pennsylvania law, and does not seize this 
opportunity to impose its politics by outlawing 
abortion, or leaving the decision over the legal ity of 
abortion entirely to the states. 

In question are five provisions of the act. all of 
which would act toward restricting the ease of 
availability of abortion. 

• A woman must give "voluntary and infonned 
consent" betOre wxJergoing an abortion. and must 

On the 
SUpreme Court 
The court has 
shown that it is 
willing to place 
restrictions on 

abortions, such 
as upholding 

statutes which 
outlaw the use 
of public funds ' 
for noomed~ 

cally necessary 
abortions while 

refusing to 
reconsider Roe 

v" wade. 

wait 24 hours after having been told the "risks and 
alternatives" to have an abortion. 1be doctor must 
also inform the woman of the "probable gestational 
age of the unborn child." 

• These steps may be ignored if continuing the 
pregnancy would be life-threatening to the woman 
or would result in "irreversible impainnent of a 
major bodily function." 

• Doctors must ubmit reports to the state, 
detailing information such as the gestational age 
and the type of procedure pctformed. 

• AI least one porenI must provide consent for a 
woman W1der age 18 to obcain an abortion. 

• A manied woman must stale that she has 
infonned her husband of her intent to get an 
abortion. 

The Roe v. Wade decision was grounded in an 
implied constitutional right 10 privacy and freedom 
from goverrunental imusion, found in the Ninth 
and Fourteenth Amendments. For this reason, the 
Supreme Court could easily apply a strict interpre-
tation of the Constitution and overturn the 1973 
ruling. 

But the pattern of actions of the court following 
the Roe decision has shown that the court, while its 
make-up w~ IlOf as solidly conservative as it is 
now, has been willing to place restrictions on 
abortions - such as upholding statutes which 
outlaw the use of public funds and focilitics for 
non-medicaJly necessary abonions - but refused 
to re:corl'>ider R(}(' I ' . Wade. 

Twice, the Reagw. adminisualion asked that 
Roe be recoosidered. once in 1983 Md once in 
1986, and twice the COurt refwit:d. 

See ABORTION, Page 5 

Thursday, May 21, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

WHY I JUST DON'T GET IT 
By Ben Boychuk 
Opinion Editor 

"Men just don'l get i .... goes the typical 
refrain of the modem feminist. This is a brutal 
world in which we live - a world of"oppres-
sion" by the maJe.<Iominatcd "patriarchy" moti-
vated by "phallocentric" schemes to keep 
"womyn" submissiye. 

Modem feminist theorists hold that men are 
bomood bred to dominate women,justas women 
are "socialized" into accepting a submissive 
posrure 10 men. The patriarchal hegemony is 
inherenttosociety.llisbynomeansovert. What 
men OOdon't get" is the "fact .. that they oppress 
women by nature. Society teaches men to be 
brutes.lndecd,some feminist theorists argue that 
men who grow up in America " learn all 100 
much to think like a rdpist." 

Feminism, as I understand il, has come to 
mean a complete rejection of all things male. It 
is "consciousness-raising." It is ·'sensitivity." It 
is patently absurd. Like Marxist-Leninist doc-
trine, feminist theory attempts to link patrian:hy 
(that accun;ed cliche) to every aspect of life-
language, science and medicine. law. clothing. 
architecture - everything plays a role in the 
great white male oppression scheme. 

Ofcourse,llOIevery woman isa feminist, and 
IlOI every feminist is a woman. Similarly, there 
aremanydifferenttypesoffeminism-somany 
it's a\most maddening. There is liberal femi-
nism, radical feminism, eco-femini m, and on 
and on And it certainly would be unfair to 
classify every feminist as a rnan-hating lesbian 
or a hrew, although some surely are. 

The trouble with feminism i that it offends 
more women than it empowers. Feminism is, 
like most most fringe ideologies, wrapped in a 
gigantic cloak of self-indulgence and vanity. 
Only they can see the oppression which lurks 
behind every comer and crevase, and anyone 
who cannol is obviously a seltist or a sell-Qut. 
Feminists find themselves, as political scientist 
Kenneth Minogue has noted, "living among 
sleepwalkers who do IlOI realize what their real 
situation is." 

It is an eltceptionaJly patronizing ideology, 
one which most intelligent women should rec-
ognize asdegn)(ling hokum. Afterall, no woman 

ABORTION 
ContInued from pace 4 

Post-R(}(' rulings on cases similar to the UJ}-
coming Pennsylvania case indicare that the re-
trictions in question are not much different than 

what thecoun has heard, and tluctuatedon, in the 
past. 

A 1976 decision in Plalllled Parelllhood of 
Cel/tral Missouri II. Dol/fonh,allowed infonned 
consent statutes as long as the requirements were 
relevant to maternal health and not overbearing. 

The same decision upheld requirements for 
doctors to report abonion infonnation 10 the 
state, providing it was confidential and not over-
bearing. 

Part of the ruling on a 1983 ca<;e, PlalUled 
ParC/IIhood Associarion of Kal/sas City I'. 
Ashcroft, upheld Missouri's requirements that 
each abortion must have a pothological report. 
that a second doctor be present during abonions 
prefonned after the potential life is considered 
viable outside the womb and that minors must 
obtain parental consent before obtai ning an abor-
tion. 

In two 1990 cases, the COUJ1 allowed statutes 
mandating llOfiflCalion. IlOf consen .. of at least 
one: parent of a minor. 

However, the court has struck down other 
statutes as unduly restricting. In 1983, the court 
ruled against five sections of a city ordinance in 
City of Akron \I. AkrOll Cellfer for Reprodu£'ri\le 
Healrh. Among the city's requirements was a 
24-hour waiting period between signing a c0n-
sent form and having an abonion. 

A PeMSylvania law requiring, in part, that 
phy icians infonn a woman considering abor-
tion of the risks and effects of abortion, and that 
doctors report all abortions to the state. was 
struck down in the 1986 case Thomhur,r:1t I' . 
Am ricLlnCullegeofObstcfricial1S& Gynecolo-

with good sense can accept the rJther par.moid 
llOlion that "the system" is stopping her from 
reJChing any height she desires. 

The forces that stand in the way of women. 
while they may appear imposing, are relatively 
weak. Many women have . hown that these so-
called sexist barriers can be overcome. A daunt-
less few have become great successes in their 
chosen professions with about as much diffi-
culty as could be eltpected on the long road to 
power. Of course. one need not be a statist ician 
or a census taker to know that for every woman 
who re<lChes the pinnacle, there are countless 
others who do nol. 

It is often pointed out that there are far more 

gisrs. 
While the wavering rulings on statutes, which 

include restrictions that are similar to the Penn-
sylvania law, prove nothing more than that the 
court's opinion tluctuatesaccording to ilS make-
up and the political climate. a case from 1989 
may indicate what could occur at the Supreme 
Court in July. 

The case ofWebsrer I'. Reprodllctil'e Health 
Sen'ices, like the current Pennsylvaniaca.<;e, was 
feared to potentially overturn Roe I'. Wade. 
While lhe decision issued in this case did tear 
3part the trimester framework of Roe, the legality 
of abortion remained untouched. 

As established by the trimester system in Roe 
v. Wade. the state may only regulate abonions in 
the third trimester, the last three months of a 
pregnancy, as only then does the tate have a 
compelling interest in plOIecting the life of the 
unborn. 

The Roe decision places the point of vi ability 
outside the womb at the beginning of the seventh 
month of gestation. 

However, in the dissenting opinion of Justice 
Sandra Day O'Cormor in Cityof Akron, theR(}(' 
framework W'JS ftrSt challenged. 

"Just as improvement in medical technology 
will move fOlWard the point at which the State 
may regUlate for reasons of matemal health, 
different technological improvemenLS will move 
backwards the point of viability at which the 
State may proscribe abonions eltcept when nec-
essary to preserve the life and health of the 
mocher .. .. The Roe fuunewori<. then, is clearly 
on a collision course with itself.. . . 

''The choice of viability as the point at which 
the state interest in potential life becomes com-
pelling is not less arbitrary than choosing any 
point before viability or any point aftetward 
Accordingly. I believe that the State's i nte~t in 
protecting potential human life exits through-

KalJC Roe, Guardliln 

male CEOs of Fortune 500 corporJtions than 
there are women. Gr.mted. Simil;u'ly, femini~t 
activists often voice their outrage about the fact 
that in a country where the population is more 
than 50 percent women. there are only two 
women in the U.S. Senate and a mere handful in 
the House of Representatives. 

But why is thisso? ls it becaUhl!the"okl boys' 
network" feels threatened now that women have 
thrown off their aprons and donned ovemlls and 
business suits? [s it because "the system" is 
engineered to keep women submissive? That's 
absurd - the stuff of delusion. The real reason 
for this numerical disparity no doubt because 

See FEMINISTS, Page 6 

out pregnancy," O'Connor wrote. 
1llatsaid. O' Connor suggested that thecoun 

adopt a test of whether state regulation of abor-
tion places an "undue burden" on the woman 
considering abonion. 

In Websrer, the Court ruled lhat such tests of 
viability, such as gestational age, weight and 
lung capacity, on a fetus 20 or more weeks into 
gestation are an allowable means of funhering 
the state's interest in the potemiallife. 

In the majority opinion in this ruling, the 
Court agreed tllat the trill1e.~ter fr.lfl1ework of 
Roe is "unsound in principle anti unworkable in 
practice." 

Nonetheless, the majority opinion in~isted. 
"Both appellants and the United States asAmiclIs 
Curiae have urged that we ovenule our decision 
in Roe I'. Wade. 'The facLS of the present case, 
however. differ for those at issue in Roe. 

"Here. Missouri ha~detenninedthat viability 
is thepoi nt at which iL~imeres(is potential human 
life must be safeguarded. In Roe ... the Texas 
statutecriminalized the performance of 01/ abor-
tions,except when the mother's life wasut stake. 

'Thiscasethereforeaffords us no occasion to 
revisit the holding of Roe .... To the extent 
indicated in our opinion, we would modify and 
narrow Roe and succeeding cases." wrote Chief 
Justice William Rehnquisl. 

Although the majority of the Supreme Court 
is now more decidedly conservative than it has 
been in years, it Cannol be blind to the fact that 
opinion polls show that most Americans favor 
the legality of abortion. 

As the presidential elections draw near and 
abortion stays in the focus of American political 
deoote, the Supreme Coun would be wi!.C to 
follow the WelJsrerruling and recognjze that the 
Pennsylvania ~tatute is no different than many 
theCourthasalready ruled on withoul feel ing the 
need to outlaw anion. 

OPINION 5 

ON THE SIDE 
SPEAKING OUT 
ON FEMINISM 

FeInnIsts c.. Go Too F. 
I feel that a reasonable person should 

be able to deduce that men and women 
Ole generally equal in all abilities (save for 
a slight dlfl'erentlalln hoIsepower), and 
that they should be given equal opportun~ 
ties, equal pay, and equal rights. Seems 
fair enough, ~ Feminists command 
respect when they demand reasonable 
rights. Howewr, many feminists suffer 
from "taking themselves too seriously," 
and thus, become the butt of jokes, 
Instead of the object of admiration. I don't 
mind saying ·spokesperson,· (as 

ridicul~s as it sounds) instead of 
"spokesman.· But some feminists can't 
leave well enough alone. They demand 
that spOftswriters use the word "first· 
baseperson· to refer to a man playing on 
an alJ.male team. Some have gone so far 
as to waste tax dollars Wing to legally 
change the tenn "manhole cover" to 
"person hole caver,· or any other non-
patrlarchal-society·influenced tenn. 

The worst crime of all is that the 
"fanatical few· have taken a legitimate 
issue (women's rights) that most 
reasonable people can appreciate, and 
have reduced it to a name-caliing witch 
hunt, which will only detract from their 
credibility, as well as the main focus of the 
whole feminist movement. 

- Aaron Cheesman, 
Sigma Phi Epsilon 

Action Speaks Louder 
I believe that women are equal to men. 

However, I also feel that they are different. 
This does not mean they do not deserve 
the same pay for the same job, or that it is 
right to look at women as sex objecLS. 
They Bre equal. 

t atso feet that each person, as an 
Individual, must earn respect, not 
according to their sex or race, but 
according to their actions. They, in retum. 
have the choice to respect those they feel 
deserve it. Therefore, if a woman is 
incapable of a job, due to lack of ability 
either physically or mentally, then she 
does not deserve it -but she does 
deserve a true chance to prove it. 

In the end, all that it comes down to is 
respect. Respect between the sexes must 
be achieved before any great progress is 
made in the fight for true equality. 

- Brldgette Gaal 
UCSOSenlor 

Who Isn't a Feminist? 
In my mind feminism, in all its faces, 

can be summed up In two much less 
ambiguous words: anger and strength. 
These are the only two colors in the 
picture, regardless of variations in shade 
and hue. Anger is the predecessor and the 
response; strength is the issue that ties in 
between. Women took action, angered 
over unjust oppression, involuntary silence 
and externally induced feelings of 
helplessness. Undoubtedly many men 
were - and continue to be - angered as 
well over the discrepancy in power 
between the sexes, but ultimately, it had 
to be the women who advocated change 
for themselves. 

So feminism was bom, and it 
continues to grow and gain influence. 
Overwhelmingly the respons~ to the 
concept is also anger. People recognize 
the Injustices and their anger Increases, 
but It rises in opposition as well. Anti-
feminists, 0( chauvinists, seek to quell the 
movement and continue to withhold from 
women the ~ to voire and choice. 
Theirs is the anger of children who resent 
the introduction of new concepts Into their 
stable little worlds. 

Granted, setf.respect and respectability 
in the eyes of others are not things which 
can be easily guaranteed; however, the 
chance for these can be. The rlght to 
pursue these ideals with the legitimate 
possibility of actually attaining them: this 
alone is what feminism demands. Indeed, 
along these lines, how can anyone not be 
a feminist? 

- DebbIe Rosenthal 
UCSDSen/or 



6 OPINION 

SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18.99 
NAI LS Reg. $35 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 ' New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg . $45 I 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 I 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 I 
~ 4 -p~ MEN AND WOMEN : 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 I 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 
L Not valid Wlth any other oHer. E.p.ros 614192 .J 
--------------------

C ARGO · SPEEDLINE · INC 
I r 11 y ) UI sl· I n I ecd, Ly' sea r.J air 

Expert Pocking of Personal Effects & Household Goods 
Door-to-Door services by sea and air 

Flexible rates via twice weekly consolidations by air and 
weekly consolidations by sea to the Middle East, Eastern 

Mediterranean and Africa . 

All risk Insurance 

Full Documentation and legalization services 

Telephones: (818) 240-3110 • (310) 568-8818 

------_~,,?,. CONGRATULATIONS 
<5 GRADUATING SENJORS! 

Special Graduation 
Dinners Available 

for $21 00 
Your choice of featured 
entrees and a glass of 
house wine. 
For reservations & details 
call 456-6299 

CINDY 
BU~CI<'S 

5721 La Jolla Blvd., La Jolla 

We've Got All The Moving Supplies 
You'll Need At A Great Price! 

• STURDY BOXES -Many sizes in stock to choose from 
• PACKING TAPE. BUBBLE WRAP. "PEANUTS" 

also . KEYS. MAILBOX SERVICE 
,----------------, 
I UCSD, take 10% OFF packing service or I 
L ____ ~upplieswiththi~~ ____ ~ 

7no Regents Rd., Suite 113 
453-7332 
Vons Shoppflg CentOl on RegenlS al Alliba 
OPEN 6 DAYS 'Mn. 8:30~-OO. SaL 9:30-4:00 

The UCSD Guardian 

STUDEIT CIITACT lEIS SPECIAl 
SEARSUTC 
S · EXTEIIIII S 16910• DIllY lEAR 9S- WIll 

sIn ClITACTS sIn ClITICIS 
Durll80ft 02T4 Ourasoft D3X4 

250/0 OFF ACME s 199.· 
FRIIES • lDISES DISPOSABLE 

CIMPLm CIITACTS 
· jnrlu.Ji-.: ,.~r "'fUlllnlliun. "unllt'l k-R.II filii.':. rullm' .UII ,j ... il. t"ininlt.s ,.,,... L.il"/M.lulinn;.. 

Uff.or "If' J;;'kAl"il l •• n) ot lw ~~i.1. 

For appointments or information 455-5795 or 
622-9365 call th Optical Department at 

Retail Sales/Customer Service 
SUMMER WORK 

Int'l retail chain , 400 FT & PT pos., 
temp. & perm., lIax. hrs .. no expo 
nee .. will train I 

Starting Pay Rate $10.25 
College Students: paid internships 
possible and some scholarships 
awarded. For info on job openings in 
Alaska, Hawaii. Washingon, Oregon. 
Northern California, Northern Ne-
vada, Idaho. Utah. Montana. and 
Wyoming, call our 24-hour Regional 
Placement Directory to lind the 10-
eation neareSI you: (707)573-3510. 

MARKETING 
_TN TIlE MTlOI'S lWlER 
• cou.nr IIAMn. 

mmElIT IUMEr.llIAIa.JI 
OullOln .. ulll .. 1M .... ' .... nl n ..... 
'or lII.rt.tlnl", •• tI .. ,.,HIe • . 
R'lIIon,I.1t Itr ~"iII ... ".lIlIitt .n. 
man'lln, u ..... 1t,.lulien. 
0 .. """", .... k •• PI ...... , 
R.pn ..... lln. EI.II •• 1 PlY. Fltlllio 
~ •• ,. A11.lrk •• CI",.1.. "litHo H 
PIIIPU, ••• ifill .... 'ar 1""IIIC~"1 
'1" •• eII ..... 

• .. CAI 'USAIIf _ CIIRPOIIATlOI 
21' .. ......... 

li0ii .... 11111-4117 
for more Information, ca! 

the Tabling Deportm .... today 

Ci 
lUWlR RlCURUS \ 'JlUlU 

PERCOLATER. the lounh .. udio LP from A ll. oould 
only be recorded by • band that Ive., works & 
breathes the crOOO ALL OR NOTHIN'. ALL erupted 
ltv. yo.rs ago lrom the rabble 01 tM DESCEN-
OENTS and aLACK FLAG with a So Cal base pop-
core gurtar. boa .. and drum jOlt. On PERCOLATER. 
ALl blends haiti play'ng and heavy hln'ng With the 
bards knad< lor wnbng memorable songs. seMld 
up In a str.ughnorwaltl, highly developed musl<:al 
attack. 

ALSO AYAILABLE 
1""""-- FRO .. ALL -~-.l ..... 

SEZ. .. • AllROY FOR 
SHE'S MY EX, ALLROV'S 

REVENGE. TRAILBLAZER 
(L1VEI, ALLAOY SAVES, DOT 

CHEMICAL 
PEOPLE 

CHEMICAL PEOPLE by CHEMICAL PEOPLE ISO' 
what anyone -.Id e>q>eet from these graduates of 
Bev6l1y Hills High. SImply based on the four albums of 
hard-oJre dnvttn rock they've released over the past four 
years. 5<Jro the TV show, Bev6l1y H,lIs 90210. has 
made their High School famous but the CHEMICAL 

~ PEOPLE party and play much harder. faster and ampod-lJll beyond what any nelWOri< censor would permit. ALSO AYAlUaLE FllllOII ------ CHEMICAL NOPU SO SEXISTI. TEN FOLO HATE, THE RIGHT THtNG, ANGELS 
tor DEVILS. SOUNOTRACK$. LET rr GO 

• ALSO AVAILABLE FROM ~ • 
BIG DRILL CAR: TAPElCD TYPE THING, SMALL BLOCK, BATCH 

SKIN YARD: FIST SIZED CHUNKS, SKIN YARD. 1000 SMILING KNUCKLES 
TONY ALL: NEW GIRL, OLD STORY 

ENTIRE ~ CATALOG ON SALE NOW! 
11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

P.O. Box 7756, ~ Long Beach, CA 90807 
SALE ENDS 612192 

OPEN 'TIL MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! 

lUWiR R{tURns \ ~\niU 
ELCAJON SPOIITS ARENA 
796 Ftetc:l1er P8fl<way 360t Sports Arona Blvd. 
(OPEN 10 AM to to PM) RECORDS . ___ (619j224.33l3 
1CfOI. lrom I'omNy _ VIDEO 3393 Kern,,", St. 
(6t9157909701 ...................... (619)222-mS 

COLLEGE AREA 
&405 EI CI/IOII BMI. 
nntloM a Pootomc:. 
IlECOIIDI _._ (619)287· t 420 
VIDEO _._._ . (6 t 9)287· t 934 

Thursday, Moly 21,1992 

FEMINISTS 
ContInuM frum PICe 5 
women have only been competing 
with men in the while collar arena on 
a grand scale for less than half a cen-
tury. 

"The reason why there are so few 
women in politics is much simpler: 
they haven'l been elected. Feminists 
have a hard time dealing with this one. 
especially since women do make up a 
majority of the population. This sug-
gests two simple truths: most women 
don' t think in tenns of sex. and -most 
women are intelligent enough to rec-
ognize that a woman polirician is sliII 
a politician. 

Feminism today-especially the 
radical strain - is founded more on an 
acule case of resentment and par.lJlOia 
than anything rooted in reality. "They 
expect empowerment (another ac-
cursed cliche). as if it i some kind of 
myslical force 10 be gr.lnted wilh the 
wave of a wand_ Empowerment is a 
fantasy. Powerandsuccesscomewith 
work. toil and pain. It is earned. not 
given. And those whounder.;tand that 
succeed. JUSt ask Sandra Day 
O·CoMor. Or Sally Ride. Or Ma-
donna. 

Yet feminism survives. owing its 
longevity to the proliferation of 
women's studies progr.uns on college 
campuses. It is there that feminism' s 
strangest tenets are bom - most of 
which baftlelhe imagination and con-
found reason. Take. for example. the 
work of feminist author Andrea 
Dworkin. She has wrinen that sexual 
inrercoun;e of allY sort - even COil--
sensual sex - constitutes r.lpe be-
cause it "is what society - when 
pushed to admit it - recognizes as 
dominance." 

Or how aboui feminist \egaltheo-
rist Catherine MacKinnon. who has 
argued that any sort of material that 
"can be proven tosubordinate.women" 
should be classified as pornography 
and banned. despite Fir.;t Amendment 
protection? 

Feminist legal theory is paniculary 
intriguing not because it is the fastest 
growing field in legal studies (that is 
merely distUli>ing), but because it is 
contnllY to everything lhat the West-
ern philosophy of jurisprudence rep--
resents. "Individual righL~"? Forget it. 
" Reasoned" analysis? No way. Those 
are the products of "objective, male-
imposed rules:' Feminist legal theo-
rists would instead implement laws 
based on abstract notions of "caring. 
compassion. and need." 

Feminism today isn't about equal 
justice. It's not about breaking "glass 
ceilings" or preventing rape. It'sabout 
vengeance. It is a confused phil~ 
phy based on hysterics and paranoia. a 
hate-ridden ideology whose apolo-
gists are made to reject any notion of 
individual responsibiiity. 

I like what "Amazon-feminisl" 
Camille Paglia had to say about the 
whole movement: "What began a~ a 
movement of eccentric indi vidualists 
has turned into an ideology that at-
tracts weak personalities whoare look-
ing for something to believe in." 

According to Paglia. women 's 
studies is "a jumble of vulgarians, 
bungler.;. whiner.;, French 'faddicts: 
appar.uchiks, dough face pany-liner.;. 
pie-in-the-sky urupianists W1d bully-
ing, sanctimonious sennonizer.s . .. 
Every year feminists provide more 
evidence fortheokl charge !hat women 
can neither read nor write." 

Equality of opponunity and equal 
justice forevery individual- woman 
or man - is a cause I could whole-
heartedly support. But thaI is not what 
feminism isabout. lt·subout fear and 
loathing. I guess the femini~sare right: 
I just don't get it. 

Thunday, May 21, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

WEDNESDAY 'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 
ObjKtlvlst Club Otftllds S~aker: Jim Valiant. tl Deputy District AUomcy for lhe counlY of San Diego representing lhe 

Objcctivisl Club on 3 pro bollO basis. derended a speaker the group co-sponsored with the A ocialed Students. The sJX'Cch had 
Ignited anger and protesl among many UCSD sludents lasl Wednesday. Val ianl responded to students' outrngc over whltlhcy 
considered meist rem:llb by speaker Dr. George Reisman. a Professor of Economks al Pepperdinc UniversilY. ScverJI studenlS 
were upset 1II1he content of the speech and Ihal siudenis were nol allowed into lhe event aner it began. According 10 lhe A.S. 
Financial Bylaws. all A.S .. sponsored even! must be occessible 10 the public. Valiant said the speaker was protecled by lhe Firsl 
Amendmenl and INI in the In!Cresl of safely students were nol lei in lhe lecture hall. Valiant also aid lhal members or lhe 
Intemalional Socialist Club had intentionally disrupled lhe mecling in lhe hopes of"marginali7-ing lhe [Objectivists' I movement." 
Valiant said lhat Reisman's riShl to free spL"Cch WIIS inrringed upon when members of lhe audience repeatedly inlerrupled him 
prevenling him from being heard. "The peopte in lhe audience don -I have free speech 10 inlerrupllhe speaker. TIleY were hooligans. 
They should have been kieked out on their keislcrs!" Valiant said. 

Judicial Board Memben Connnned: See related ·tory. page I. 

OIlier Old BlI5lness: 
, Appoinlment of Siama!< Malek lIS SUlle Lobby Director. Passed. 
• Underwrile of$2.287.75 from Genernl Unallocaled 10 Chinese Sludent Association for Chinese Sludent Associalion Spring 

Boal Formal. Passed. 

HOLMES 
Continued from page 1 
financ ial account. 

According to Judicial Board 
member and Revelle College senior 
Donald A. Banolotta. the board 
members' decision wa~ based on 
Dumn's lack of evidence. 

"I'm sure [Durnn] would have 
had a stronger case if the woman 
from Kinko 's had testi fied," he said. 

Bartolottasaid thatthe board did 
not consider Dunin's testimony 
about the number of flyers printed 
by Holmes which was allegedly told 
to Duran by a Kinko's Copy Center 
employee, because it was hearsay. 

Holmes said yesterday that he 
was relieved that the hearing pro-
cess was over and that the elections 
could proceed. 

However, he maintained his 
claim that he was never given a 
specificoutlineofthechargesagainst 
him, which prevented him from 
compiling a complete defense. 

"To tell the truth, we got very 
lucky to surmise what the accusa-
tions were," based on rumors and 
hearsay, Holmes said. "I think il 
was a fair trial .. . for the plaintiff," 
he added. 

Durnn said that, although he was 
not satisfied with the ruling, he did 

UCB 
ContInued from page 1 
until all student organizations have 
had a chance to apply for the space. 
Therefore, a vote is not likely for 
two weeks. 

While UCB Chair Chris Burnett 
felt that lhe proposal was a "great 
idea [that WOUld) save students a lot 
of money," he was quick to poinl 
out that no final decision had been 
made, saying "the process will be 
fair ... everybody will have equal 
access to the space." 

During the meeting, General 
Store Co-op member Jeff Corbett 
argued forthe Textbook C<K>P, say-
ing that the demand for textbooks 
has far su rpassed the General Store's 
ability to meel the requests. 

"We want to expand textbook 
sales so that we can cover a majority 
of classes in the uni versity, if not all 
of them, and therefore reach out to 
all the students," Corbett said. 

The proposal also included the 
possibility of using a ponion ofthc 
space for copy machines and a 
United Parcel Service outlet after 
the first two weeks of the quarter 
when books sales drop off. 

So far, the only other proposal 
for the space presented to the Board 
is from Ralph's Hair Salon. an out-
side vendor. Although outside ven-
dors are welcome to apply. il is a 
much moredifflCuil process to grant 
space allocations for them. 

University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers was less enthusiastic 

not intend to file further complaints 
against Holmes. 

"It' gone as far as it can. It'sjust 
unfortunate that the Judicial Board 
member.; didn't agree wilh me," he 
said. 

Dur:in contended that he Ihought 
he had presented sufficient evidence 
in the case. and stood by his claim 
that Holmes did not report all of the 
flyers used. "There's no way 
[Holmes) could have passed out ny-
ersall day with lthenumberotnyer.; 
he claimed to have used]:' 

During the hearing, Dunin ac-
cused Holmes oflying and concoct-
ing evidence for his defense. 

"I've been pressured by a lot of 
people to press charges of slander, 
fal e accusation and rumor.;. At 
this time, I'm not planning to. I just 
want this whole thing to be over," 
Holmes said. 

According to Judicial Board 
ChairGloria Corral, Ihe board spent 
three to four hour.; in deliberations 
on the case, placing it under heavy 
scrutiny. "Everyone knew exactly 
what was at stake," she said. "Once 
it came to the vote_.. J couldn' t 
sense a hesitation." 

Corral said that the board con-
sidered such evidence as the print-
ing receipts submitted by Holmes, 
the copies of Holmes' Kinko' work. 

about the possibility of using the 
credit union space for a retail store, 
sayinghewouldpreferthat the space 
becomeastudent lounge. In a memo 
to the board he said that "on the first 
level of the Student Center. over 90 
percent ofthe space is already dedi-
cated to retail sales." 

The need for indoor lounge space 
in the Student Center was discussed 
by the UCB during its meeting. One 
option offered was to conven un-
used office space on the second 
floor, bUI Carruthers felt that fir.;t-
floor space was essential. 

On Tuesday, CalTUthers com-
mented, "I really think we need more 
public space [in the student center], 
period .. . part of a student center 
concept includes a relaxing place 
where you can meet a friend and 
have a comfortable place to sit." 

Burnett disagreed with 
Camlthersonthenecessityoflounge 
space in the old credit union. "It's 
strange to me to hear the director 
pushing so much for lounge space 
because the credit union wasn't 
lounge space .•. I wonder why the 
issue is being raised now.1llat 's his 
opinion-that's it," Burnett said on 
Tuesday. 

"My personal feeling is that the 
UCSD community would be bener 
served by some kind of service, 
whether it 's a hair salon. a textbook 
c<H>p, a credit union. whatever," 
Bumett added. 

At this point. however, 
Carruthers' opinion carries some 
weight with the universi l '. Univer-

- Joanne Donahoe 

order.; submitted by Durnn and the 
testimony of witnesses for both par-
ties. She added lhat the board did not 
factor into its dc:cision rumor.; sur-
rounding the case. 

Responding to criticism of her 
decision to continue wilh the DureJII 
\'. Holmes hearing after it was dis-
covered that the board members had 
not been officially confirmed by the 
A.S. Council. Corral defended her-
self by pointing out the consistency 
with previous cases heard by the 
same board membership. 

''The hearings went on precisely 
to provide due process .... To stop 
the [Durall 1'. Holmes] hearing 
would have shown partialit'y, espe-
ciaily since [Holmes) or [Durjn] 
didn't ask for il." Corral said. 

"The Judicial Board is precisely 
to hear grievances, no maner how 
trivial they are." she added. 

A.S. Vice President Administra-
tive Randolph Siwabessy, who has 
been IheactingA.S. president while 
the election remains undecided, said 
that he was glad to see that the 
council would have a new president 
by its next meeting. 

"We haven 't been as sel back as 
some people think. We did whal we 
could," he said, noting that a version 
of next year's budget has already 
been submitted. 

sity General Counsel Joanna Beam, 
in a letter, asked that Carruthers 
"sign off," or pul his signature Oil, 
any UCB space allocation. Earlier 
this year, Beam Slated that space 
allocations without Carruther.;' sig-
nature were not valid_ The board is 
fighting that mandate, but its new 
attorney is just now beginning his 
work on that fight. 

The UCSD Bookstore has also 
expressed its disapproval of the pro-
posed Textbook Co-op. Bookstore 
Manager Paul Mares said yesterday 
that trying to cover the textbooks for 
all, or even most, of the classes on 
campus is on a much larger scale 
than lhe Gener,1I Store Co-op is 
currently capable of handling. For 
its own part, the UCSD Bookstore 
has a large staff, managers. buyers 
and a separale warehouse, he said. 

Carruthers agreed, saying that 
"righl now the co-ops have the 
lUXUry of canying the titles they 
want rather than the bookstore which 
must carry all the titles - which is. 
in itself, uneconomical." 

Mares contends that currently 
the General Store also receives sub-
sidies from the university in the 
fonn of free space, maintenance and 
other perks, which would make com-
petition with the Bookstore unfair. 
TIle Bookstore must also pay back 
the six-rnillion-dollar debt fronted 
by the-UC Regents to build its Price 
Cenler location. 

"If you really want to lower the 
cosl of books, subsidize [the UCSD 

See UCB, Page 10 

[ UC$D __ , Complete meals 
........ -'-------.... -"J featuring our fresh 

MARINATED FUME BROILED CHICKEN 

AUTO PORT MALL MIRAMAR 

NEWS 7 

roMS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'Musl pre.ent coupon a nd valKl UCSO ID 01 lime 01 e.l imole 
Not valid Wllh mOJo. engine Or frorumlSllOn repairs 

[I ' 1450:94941P.~~ i VISA ~ _ • . "_"~U'~I 
IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR AUDIS, 

ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T 
DISCOVERED Us YET, ASK Us FOR REFERENCES. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

----fr::'~n. UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I F~~,R~~~~Y* 
--We ...., • $ 20 minimum purchase· within 5 mile radiu8 or campul 

E<p. 6/</92 
NOI. nlid wit.h 
any ot.herofT'er. 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

.. e~&545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
~ Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 amoS pm 

--------------------.~----------~ 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTI 

TUESDAY NIGHTS 

~t"efS & ~OO\\ 
Catch all the major 
sporting events on 

6 color monitors and 
2 Big Screen TV s! 

$5 PITCHERS 
Late Night Jammin' 

to Classic Rock 
TOlUlErs A San Diego 
Nightclub located in the 4240 La JoIIIJ v-. Dr., La ..... CA 12037 

La Jolla Marriott (111)117·1414 ext. 1220 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

PARKING 
ContInued from pace 1 
Marte Rotenberg, the committee 
made the recommendations on the 
basis of infonnation that was not 
made available to them until the 
morning of the vote. 

Rotenberg, who i also the War-
ren College Senior Senator on the 
Associated Students Council. said 
the committee usually makes its rec-
ommendationsbasedonprojections 
which outlinedifferent scenarios and 
estimate revenue for the next sev-
eral years. 

The projections the committee 
members were provided with this 
time. however, only included the 
figures for the next year. 

Because of this incident. 

In addition to the problem of 
determining future parking budgets. 
the Air Pollution Control Di triet, 
which enforces theCalifomia Clean 
Air Act, has yet to announce to the 
university its new standards and re-
quiremenlS to reduce vehicular pol-
lution. 

Until the district releases its stan-
dards.Pl'S will not know how much 
future expansion it can make in ar-
eas uch as lot construction and 
future shuttle services. 

The rates represent a slightly 
higher increase for staff permits 
(10.16 percent) as opposed to stu-
dent and faculty permits (10 per-
cent). 

Thursday, May 21,1992 

Parking and Transportation 
Services Director Robert Umstead 
Scripps Hospital for visitor and con-
struction parting, will revert to uni-
versity cOnlro\ on July I. 

Bikers have more FUN 
when they make 
connections through 

Rotenberg expressed concern that 
the committee is being shut out of 
the deci ion-making process. He 
wrote a letter to Relyea explaining 
his objections to the way informa-
tion was given to the committee 
members. 

Loretta Sconce. the administm-
tive analy t for PTS. said the projec-
tions include only next year' fig-
ures because many factors are still 
up in the air. 

Before two years ago, permit 
fees were raised an equal dollar 
amount for all three groups. How-
ever. studem repre entatives real -
ized that the increase was dispro-
portionate , ince student permits. 
which cost less than facully and 
staff permits. would go up a larger 
percentage, although by the same 
dollar amount. 

Since then, permit fee increases 
have since been ba'>ed on percent-
age . 

Funding from the parking fee 
increases also will go toward the 
construction of two new lots on the 
east side of Interslate 5. Umstead 
said the 10lS,currently being u ed by 

After summer construction, the 
lots will add approximately 400 new 
spaces to the already exi ling 379-
space 101 nexl 10 the baseball field, 
according to Umstead. 

All the space will be reserved 
for ludent in an anempl to offset 
the loss of 590 student paces in the 
Warren College lot, which has closed 
for construction. 

Thelhree lots will be serv iced by 
a new shuttle route based in thecul -
de-sac n hind the Price Center. 
Umstead S<lid the shuttle will run 
during the same hours as the cam-
pus loop huttle. TritonTe 

JUST CALL 

"A lot of thing change hourly," 
Sconce~aid . "Anything pa.,t thenext 
year i ~ very nebulous." 

Dan Quayle says: "Recycling redeems us 
from the breakdown of social mores." 

1-900-454-1 050 Read It Recycle It. 
MAKE THAT CONNECTION NOW! Save yourself. 
(Calls are billed a199¢ per minute. Must be 18 or older .) 

The UCSD Guardian 

E CON 0 M 'C s DE PAR T MEN T 

ECON 113 Monetary Economics 
152633, Tu-Th 4-5:20, Galbraith Hall 1402 
Taught by Ross Starr 
Description: Mathematical concepts and techniques used in advanced 
economic analysis; applications to selected aspects of economic theory. 
Prerequisites: Econ 100A-8, and Math 2A-B-C o~ their equivalents. 

ECON 12OC-Advanced Econometrics 
152B31, M-W-F 10-10:50, Warren Lecture 2111 
Taught by Jeff RacIne 
Description: Probability and statistics. Regression and other methods com-
monly used in economics. Math students be sure to check for overlaps. 
Prerequisites: Econ 120A-8, Math 2A-8-C, and Social Science 60. 

Thursday, May 21, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

A LO K AT UCSD'S GRADU ES 

You've always suspected that your friend the VA major has always had an easier time than 
you. Well, here's some ammunition, as we look at a statistical profile of the class of 1991: 
T H E S I X A R E A S 0 F 5 T U D Y 

Arts 
The smallest 
area of 
study at 
UCSD.70% 
of the 
students are female, 
and a large percentage 
(41.1%) attended Muir 
College. 

Spectalor Humanities EngIneering 
Double Majors Humanities Males 
The majority of students are outnumber 
degree primarily females by a 
recipients in female ratio of 4 to 
this area are (54.2%), and 1 in this 
male (59.6%), and 69% a larger than average major. One-third of all 
of the students have percentage of students engineering degrees 
graduated with more in this area of study are were granted to Asians 
than 200 units. white. and over half to whites. 

Who Gets the Best Grades? 
Below are the average GPAs for UCSD's majors, as well 
as the percentage of students in each area of study with 
a GPA over 3.00: 

Who Has the Heaviest Course Load? 
The average UCSD student graduates with about 200 units. 
Here 's a look at the number of units taken by area of study: 

Science & Social 
Math Science 
Males Females 
outnumber outnumber 
females in males 
this area of (55.2% to 
study (54% to 46%). 44.8%), and 45% of all 
45% of the students baccalaureate degree 
have graduated with reCipients are students 
more than 200 units. from this area. 

1he Average 
Graduate i5. •• 
A look at the 3,024 UCSD 
students who graduated in 1991: 

••• Mostly Male ••• 

Female 
47.9% 

I 

••• Predominantly White ••• 

Latino 
2.0% 

Filipino 
4.1%--

I 
Chicano 

African American 2.2% 
Native American .6% 

Other 6.1% 

&.1% r -~_",. l White 65.6% 
Asian 14.4% 

••• A Social Science Major ... 

Double or 
Special Major 
5.2% r

ArtS 4.8% 
Engineering 
13.9% 
Humanities 
9.5% 

Science & Math 
21..7% time Files When You're HavIng Fun 

The average time (in years) it 
takes to graduate by major: II Below 200 units 0 201-250 units 0 More than 250 units 

••• CouId Have Come From 
AIry One of the Colleges 
Except Fifth ••• 

Social Science 

Science/Math 

Humanities 

Engineering 

Double / Special Major 

Total Population 

4.8 

4.9 

4.7 

5.2 
5.2 

4.9 
4.8 

Arts Engineering Humanities 

ScIence a Math Double/Specla. 

Source: Student Research and Information 



10 NEWS 

The "Sun " is a/ways shining at 
~ HohdayCt. Trim & Tan call 45ae ... ;:"L6::lr,. 
(nearUCSD) 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for lJ friend 
· FI,., time cll~nrs on Iv with rhls coupon. 

30 TAN DAYS $29 ~~~~ Call 10< detalls • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
Lo .. &" GUlirMtHCI! 
European Body Wra~Only $48 
Not a uemporary wale' 10" • Reduce cellu"" and stretch marl<$ 11---------, 

I FREE \e I 
I s G 11\ 9'CCELERATOR I 
lJ!!!!!!!!!!~~=~~J..- _ ~1~'S~~ Exp~~ 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Len C~ Extended Sort Len e~ 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

·Includes: CL exam. care kit. myopic len e . 30 
Brand include B&L. Cooper. WJ. 
Paraperm. Boston. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

o Proi ••• lo I S.nrlc. 
o Quellty Eyece,. 
o •••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Ad3m~ ve . 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10-5 

" , , , 
., " UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO , 
, -(9- SUMMER SESSION ~ ~ I' 1992 ~ ~ 
, , 

!. UCSD Summer Session offers two sessions: ~ 
, I 
, June 29-July 31 and August 3-September 4. , , , 
~ An exciting range of courses from virtually ~ 
!. every campus department is offered. Catalogs ~ 
, I 
, are available now. For your free copy, drop by , , , 
, the Summer Session Office, UCSD Extension , , , 
~ Complex, Building A, Monday through ~ 
" da " Fri y,8 a.m.-4:30 p.m or phone 534-4364, , , 
, xl 046. , 
, ~ , 
I ft" I , , 
, L.JC:!51:1 I 

,~*-~~~ .. ~~~ .. ~~~~~~~~, 
""""""" , 

WHAT 15 IT? 
TritonTel~· 

is our new 900-number Voice Mail service 
for you to use in making that 

personal connection. 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

o ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 25% OFF! 
a CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 

TIRES Reg. 27.95 NOW $19.95 
::J SIDI CYCLING SHOES 

Reg. 69.95·89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 
::::J ALL JANND NYLON 

BACKPACKS & BAGS 2C)O;b OFF! 
o GIRO HELMETS 

:J ALL AVOCET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

2C)O;b OFF! 

20% OFF! 

CLFARANCE SALE 
ON ALL REMAIMNG 

'91 BIKES 
All sale Items limlled to stock on hand. 

tlCSD BOtE SHOP in the Student Center 
Hours: Mon. - Fri. 1 OAM· 5PM 

534-4279 

ATTENTION 
GRADUATE STUDENTS: 

GRADUATE STUDIES 
COMMENCEMENT 

WILL BE HELD ON 

Date: Sunday , June 14, 1992 
Place: University Price Cencer Ballroom 
Time: 12 Noon 

Ph.D., M.F.A.. and Masters degrees conferred 

Reception: University Price Cencer Plaza 

tudrnts ",ho have completed all requirements by Frida" JUIK 5, 
and are eligrble to participate hould contact OG Rat x4J4J6 .. 
Contact the J:,ook5tore (or cap and gown rentnls at x44568. 

CHINESE STUDIES DEPARTMENT 

EAST ASIA 10-11·12 

Thursday, May 21, 1992 

UCB 
ContInued from page 7 
Bookstore's) oper.lI ion." Mares said 
yesterday. " It really doesn't make 
any sense 10 me at all." 

He also said that no one receives 
any profit from the Bookstore' op-
eralions. and that the srudenlS would 
either pay for the books directly or 
Ihrough their fees going to subsi-
dize the c<H>p. 

Corbell said that he thinks the 
Textbook Co-op would actually 
treamlinc the General Store opera-

tion and may allow for even cheaper , 
books. but "ifwecan't sell them for, 
less than the Bookstore, we can't 
give the students a good deal. .. we 
won't do it." 

Carruthers said he was mostly , 
concemed about the impact a texl- . 

I book co-op would have on the 
smaller stores on campu . like ' 
Groundwork Books and Revelle 
Bargain Books. 

Kim Cosmas. an employee of 
Revelle Bargain Books. said that "it 
would kindofhave a negati ve effect 
of taking away some [business] from 
here. [Also], they would probably 
sell a lot of books that we don' t." 
Overall, though. Co mas thought 
the co-op would be a good idea. 

The possibility of another credit 
union taking the space ended when 
the A.S. turned the space back over 
to the UCB, but not until after an 
exhaustive search. 

According to Student Credit 
Union co-founder Doug HUlShings 
there were several credil unions in-
terested in operating in the space but 
"the recession is really hurting all of 
them and none of them could afford 
to come in." 

The 5th Annual 

l '( 'S» 
l'\I>FR-
(;R .\I>l 'YI'F 
RESE .\R( '11 
(.():\ FERE:\( 'E 

SATURDAY, 
MAY 30 

In the Price Center 
Ballroom B 

For details, please 
see the 4 page ad 

in Tuesdays 
Guardian 

11 SPORTS 

OVER 
TIME 

The Boys of Summer 
THE BOYS OF SUMMER, It co tS nine-fifty to see the show, 
Long lines at the head, 
And a $7 million Ryno 

Diamondvision up high. 
Players none too near. 
A mutated mascot. 
And swill for beer. 

The dogs are cold, 
Drunk fans too lOUd. 
While the center fielder 
Turns to flip off the crowd 

Still we hit the park 
Both at night and day 
Maybe for the tailgates 
Or just to see Clemens play 

And how about the players? 
The diamond-treading heroes? 
Incentives and contracts 
With a whole bunch of zeroes. 

"The guys are overpaid." 
The fans often whine. 
"Why should they get three mil 
] ust to ride the pine?" 

So you play the pastime? 
Yeah, it'll get you fame and loot, 
Not to mention 
Quite a hefty paternity suit 

YOU 300-HUNDRED POUNDERS. How do you run when you' re 
thai fal? 

No problem. (don't need to, 
I'll just cork the bat. 

Ahh, the pitcher. With him 
The team will rise and fall, 
That's why back in the minors, 
He learned to throw a spitball. 

The new shortstop 
Is about to make the play. 
There goes the ball right through his 

legs, 
See you in Triple-A. 

Oh, what a game it is. 
You gotta have ski ll or be lucky. 
And of course it doesn't hult 
(fyou're named Bucky 

Or Sparky or Doc 
There's even a Stump. 
In what other sport 
Is there a hero who 's a Bump? 

MYERS COMtNG IN in the ninth And picking up the save. 
Not that the fans would notice. 
They're busy with the wave. 

(caught a game the other day. 
We didn't get to our seats 'til dark, 
It took us four hours 
Just to find a place to park. 

lbree of my favorites were playing, 
All players way above par, 
Fred McGriff and Tony Gwynn 
And Oscar Azocar 

It wa time to honor our country. 
We stood up with the fans. 
But what was Ihis screeching? 

See STUMP. Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 21,1992 

MEN'S AND WOMEN'S PACIRC COAST ROWING CHAMPIONSHIPS 

Oan McOowelVGuardtan 
UCSD women's crew will be sailing against the best teams on the West Coast this weekend in Sacramento at Lake Natoma. 

Crew Rows into the Championships 
• Preview: Pacific Coast 
Rowing Championships will be 
the final meet of the season 
By Theresa Moore 
Staff Writer 

As the UCSD men's and women's crew 
teams winddown the season, one more hurdle 
remains : the Pacific Coast Rowing Champi-
onships this weekend at Lake Natoma near 
Sacramento. 

Participants in the PCRC are from the two 
collegiate rowing organizations on the west 
coast - Pac- I 0 schools such as the University 
of Washington and Cal and olher schools in the 
Western Intercollegiate Rowing Association 
(WlRA). 

UCSD Women's Head Coach Jack Vallerga 
likens the PCRC to the big East Coast regattas-
the East Coastsprints,exclusively for Ivy League 
teams. and the Danvale. where everyone else 
races, 

'01' Bessie' on a Roll 
For Golf at Nationals 
• Tritons in fourth place at midway point of 
Division III national championships 
By Gre" Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

"01' Bessie" just keeps coming through for the UCSD golf 
team. Two days into the national championship toumament, 
Head Coach Mike Wydra's putter has helped Triton Jeremy 
Moe lead UCSD to a fourth-place standing with two days of 
competition remaining. The Tritons, after a round of 298 
ye terday, now are at a 604 total, nine strokes back of first-place 
Salem State at the tournament in Wooster, Ohio, 

Moe' s two-day total of 147 has him tied for six th place 
individually right now, and Wydm gives panial credit to his 
putter for Moe's success. " 01' Bessie is work.ing very well,like 
she has all year for us," Wydrd said. 

Close on Moe's heels is teammate Matt Stottem who, with 
a stellar one-under-par 71 round yesterday. i ~ tied for ninth 
place with a 148 total. 

As a team. the Triton trail leader Salem. as well as second-
place Gustavus Adolphus and third-place Methodist. the pre-
tournament favorite. But after two days of play, Wydm thinks 
UCSD can be more than a match for IOp-mnked Methodi~t. 
"We beat them IWednesdayJ,so we know that they' re beatable. 
I think we're stalling to see some chinks in their aml0r," the 
coach said. 

llle topcompctitionat the PCRC for women 
has tmditionally come from Pac- J 0 teams 
Stanford. Wll!>hington. and Cal. However. 
Vallergasaid Ihat the··dark hor~e" forthi s year 
wi II probab ly be UC Davis. He said that Wa.\h-
ington State has a ~trong women' ~ team that i~ 
the fina WeM Coast crew to give out rowing 
schOlarships. . 

In the men's division, Washington and 
UCLA have tmditionally dominated, How-

See CREW, Page 15 

As for Salem, the surprise first-place team, Wydra remains 
confident that his team will do a great deal to tumble the leader 
from its lofty perch. "We 've been really impressed with the way 
they 've played 0 far. and we're happy for them. But, they've 
been paired with some inferior competition, and when they re-
pair the tearns. Salem will be playing with us, Gustavus 

See GOlf, Page 14 
Teresa MyrtlelGu¥Ci;rl 

Pete Roberts shot a 153 over the first two days of the national tournament. 

.' 

-/ 



I 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
lMIissue oIlhe Gua.dian Spring 921 THURS. 61 
• . (5I ,HI,) 
DI ... rtation Worttatlop • • Compl.'e you. 
dluenallon. Fo. w,' nen Intormallon o. 
acheduIing. cd 692-0966. Poetgr_. group. 
(3f.lO.61. ) 
!'RU YOGURTl I Cln1 Believe Irs Yogurt on 
Toney Pi .... Rd. In La Jolla ,... a \lIN1 2 lor , 
deal lor all Trilone 'hrough June 301 (51' 1·5121 ) 
APPAAll ZONE Oeeigne< Iabets tor 5C).9f)% 
oftt 82S0 camino Santa Fe. 45G-33Z3. (w.6I.) 

JET TO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SUMMER.;" 
~ wiIh AlRHITCH(.) (no .... eriIrks aroj no 
• est~ - can be one-way 01: eactl wayt) as 
deecIiled In Ccn!umer Reports & Harvard l.III·s 
Go Europe-gulde . Forptlntedprogram~ 
& reg. Iorma, ail 800-397·1098. (4123-614) 

COHNEC'I1ng wiIh J>IIOIlIeal UCSOcan becMcull. 
NOT AKt MORElI .. ro<lJdng Triion Tel. a tun 
way 10 ..- people from UCSO. people who you 
would NEVER heve met oIherwbel YM. lhefe .. 
some (900) rumbet seMces thai are OKt 5ee lhe 
Iom1 below. (5114-614) 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclu ive bargain . 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (M iramar) ............. 450-3323 

UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587 ·3680 
BJ 's Pizza ... ................. 455·0662 
Bravo Barcelona ......... 456-1579 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
H eldl's .......................... 450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456·BREW 
La Jo lla Gourme ( Del iv . 483·9991 
Royal Tha. Cuisine ....... 456-2063 
S lraliord Collee House 481 -8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Aula ............. 695- 1990 
M iramar A u to Tech ...... 578- 1692 
Robert 's .......... .... .......... 275- 1 132 
Tom's ....................... ... . 4 50·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Cosla Verde Car W ash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Albtudes ... ........ . 457·333-4 
Years Ahe ad ................ 546· 7666 

UCSDBEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................... 455-0909 
P inw heels ............. .. ...... 558· 1858 
Nails by Je nnifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH. FITNESS 
Athlele Cyclery ............. 2n -8255 
Being RI ...................... . 483-9294 
Classical Eye ............... 4 52-7374 
D r. McDonald . O p t. ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 4 59·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers .......... .. .... 558·6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
C ouncil T ravel .............. 452·0630 

UCSD SELF STORAGE 
M ira Mesa Self Star .... .453-051 1 
M iram ar al Cabol ........ . 549·0500 

UCSD TESTING 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 277·6744 
MeAT Review ............ . .456-4848 
Hyperleaming ............... 455·1 000 
UCSD ETC. 
A ud iofile .. .... ............... .. 459· FILE 
Cal Copy ................. ... .. 452·9949 
Sianley Kaplan ........ ..... 2n·6744 
Music Trader .... ............ 693- 1469 
MO Labs .. .... .......... .... .. . 226-1733 
Paper Trends .. .......... ... 450-9291 
Video Gallery .............. . 452· 1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 5 78 ·5745 
St. Germain 's .... .... ...... .455·1414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
ill advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presellfed in person. Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse allY advertising including but not limited to companiol/ship ads. For 
more informatioll call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian. 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 03 16. Lalol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA, topj1oor. 

SERVICES 
SHIPPING: MOVING? Get your stuff 1oge1her. 
well do the rest. The PacI<agong s tor • . 792· 
2299. (511 8,614) 

For scholar.;hip iniormation write 10 Mycroft 
Enterprises. 4818 Bell BluN A .... San DIego. 
CA 92119. (514·5128) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New al Cal Copy . Only 
$5.95. Whole you wait. )(e<oxes and mor • • Near 
St. Germain·s. 452·9949. (9123-614) 

WEDDING BELlSn? Need help with planning. 
ceremony. or who will o lric late? Contact Rev. 
Bob Wegener . University Chaplain lor over 15 
years • consu~atron Informalion upon requesl. 
caIt . 534-695 I (5111 ·5126) 

VIOLINNIOlA lESSONS. You 01 yourchitd(ren) 
can leam trom an expenenced. protessoonal 
leacher. Now acoepIlng students - at ages and 
_wetcome Call Conrad : 552.(Jot94. (lI3O-6I4) 

Olga Bari- EIect.oIoglst 1200 101500 haors pe. 
hou •• 3256 Holiday Coun . Siudeni discounts. 

558~46441226-t 962 (313G-614) 

ATTORNEY. DUI. DMV. Harassment. Family. 
Housing , Education. Immigration, Consumer 
Problem. FREE CONSULTATION. STUDENT 
RATES. 450-6803. (5114-614) 

'WANTED 100 PEOPLE: We WIll pay you to 
lose 10-29 Ibs ,n 30 days. All nalurai. l ·600-3n· 
8442. (5114 61' ) 

CONNECTing v..1h people at UCSDcanbocitticu" . 
NOT ANY MOREl Introducing Triton Till . a tun 
way 10 meet people Irom UCSD. peopJe whO you 
would NEVER have mel OIherWoseJ Ves. ther . ... 
some (900) numbo< sarvices that 31e OKI See the 
Iorm below. (51'''614) 

VOLLEYBALL LESSONS - S\Jmmer is here. 
lime 10 reline you, bump, set and sp lkel 
Ezpenenced voIIeybal lnst ruclorWlil loach highly. 
personalized lessons In grass. sand or Indoor 
techniques It you wanl to learn volleyball tast. 
maile lhe call - G'eg. 546- 1421. (Sft4-614) 

Siudeni wanted lamilla' with ERIC data base 
who has a compute •. 522·()472. (5I2f ) 

Word processing - term papers. report s. 
.esumes. coverlellers. copies. lenm . etc . Fast 
accu.ate. SARA 270-7 t06. (512' ) 

PIANO LESSONS are tunl Learn classical. 
popula •. !au and more. All ages. levels. Mark 
280-78' 7. (512' ) 

ANY NEW CAR alll881 pricesl No hassles. no 
deposits. PACIFICAUTO BROKERS. 265-931' . 
(5121) 

Credil Card hsting (iowes1 interest nationwide). 
Send $4 .25 10 VlsionWrlte. Box 234182. 
Encinitas. CA 92023·4 '82. (512' ) 

FOR SALE 
Surfboard: Becker 8 .5 ft. Iongboard. YIIIY good 
oondi,ion. $'.a. Pole : 792·80190&. (51'8-5I2 t ) 
7 9 Honda CX500deluxe molOrcycie. 42K miles. 
Bad<rest. helmet . Color: burgandy. $550. 272-
2729. (Sieve). (5118-5121) 

Cherished and pampered inslrumenls : Yamaha 
lrumpel $175. Fender tetecaste< wi custom 
Gibson lead pic:k-up . S175. 272·2729. (51'8·51 
2' ) 
t986 Honda Spr ... Low mies. good condition. 
Cheap transportation. ParlUng always available. 
S450. Sletanle 483·4 105. (Sf' 8-512, ) 
9' square tail long board with travel bag. $tSO. 
Call 792· 1947 (5118-5121) 

31 t Ibs. we'llhIS. DP bench. cu rl & straight bars 
and dumbbells. $185. Call 55 ' ·8788. (51'8-51 
21) 

Cenlunon I.onman. 63 cm. Shl mano 105. 
excoll.nl cooolion. $270 obo. Call Steve. 259-
7602. (5118·611) 

HEWLETT· PACKARD Hp-41 C V Scientific 
programmable calculator with magnetic card 
reader ; extended lunctions. and high level malh 
modules. r""harge •• documentation. so"ward. 
Cost over $500. you", lor 190. Boll . 452· 7525. (51 
t8-5I21 ) 

1981 Subaruwgn. 5 $pd. $975: Herbte Fletcher 
surfboard. Tl O' egg. $ 160: 5-pc rananiltoral 
IU'"'ture set.lrke new . $ 250. 632· t 483. (Sf' 8·Sf 
26) 

TIRED OF 8UMM IN ' "des o tt o t your 
roommalasn 1981 Malibu Classrc lor sate. 8EST 
OFF ER II 481·6968. (511 8-5128) 

2 Orion )(lRIO to' woolers $'20 each. Boslon 
Acoustics Pro 10'wooter Sl00 O"on SOOPMO 
eQUalizer $400. All competrtlon·grade car audio 
oqulp ment. New in boxes. 554- 1868. (5118-Sf 
26) 

1986 Kawasaki Ninja 600R. only 10.600 miles. 
new brakes. great condition. Helmel a nd Krypto 
lock included. 52500 fi rm . Call Dave 792- t634. 
(5118- 5121 ) 

'8 t M azda GlC h a tc hback . Good running 
condilion. $500 abo. Call Dave @ 259-5583. (Sf 
18·5121) 

PHANTOM OF THE OPERA Los Angeles 
Ahmanson Theator. 2 trd<ets lor Saturday. May 
30 performance. Need to selil Stephanie 390-
995' (I.ave message) . (5I t8·5I26) 

Inexpensive desk, twin bed and e lectric guitar. 
All in gr.al shape. 558·2469. (51'4-614) 

&J rfboard lor sale . 6 '5' Ihruster. Excellent 
condit ion. 19' x 2 3/8'. 457-3308. (5114-5I2t ) 

GREGORY BACKPACK. Internal trame. greal 
oonditlon. Used cRy iIIIIce. 590. 259-8607. Jenny. 
(5114·5121 ) 

Wms small Hotline fun·soiI $130. men's small 
O 'NeiI springsu~ $40. 6 '6- mlnl-egg surlboard 
1170. 452·3970. (5114·5121) 

BIcyCle lor sale: Unlvega Chromoly 24' Irame. 
Shimano components. Kryploiok $250 Obo. Call 
556-0925. (5121 ·5126) 

SalOIer lOr sale: 19IW Honda EiIe. tan. t 25cc. 
Cheap and -r summer tranoportation. great 
parIUng. $500 orbes! oIter. SI_~. (5I2t · 
5128) 

Aquariumsl Quality 1 O-gallon setups. Perfed lor 
beginners. Consultation from experienced 
aquarIst. $40 Obo. Dave 558-8' 45. (5121 ·5128) 

1991 Yamaha Riva Jog. low mileage. baskeI. 
krypIorite lock. almost newt $800 abo. l.off 558-
8279· 15I2t) 

Pnnler: C. ltoh wide-carriage. letter quality. good 
condition. IBM compatible. $60 Obo. Calhy 455-
6305. (5121 -5126) 

FOR SALE: red. 1 O-speed bri<e . $40. apartment 
sized relrigerator $140. Mara. 535-8479 (leave 
message). (512 ' -5126) 

CompulordeSk. Goodcond. $ 7Sibest. Call Yuko 
452·9275. (5121· 5128) 

CENTURION LeMANS 2 1 In .. 12 speed purple 
& wtoi1e wl Shimano Exage Sport SIS Index 
shi fting $185. 581 -3747. (512') 

LOST AND FOUND 
$SU8STANTIAL REWARDS Lost : diamond 
eng;108ment ring Tuesday. May 14th. Urey Hall. 
Please. yoo witt be .swarded tor your honesty. 
455-82.9145S-4052. (5121 ·5126) 

WANTED 
Hyperteaming Inlern. (10-12 hrslwk). Very 
c apable . dependable bu, inessleduc . or 
business/medical oriented students 10 help with 
10ng-tOfl11 projects. ExcelJenl entrap. experience. 
455-1000. (5121 ) 

DRUMMER WANTED lor originals band. Have 
tun ••. ready to gig . D i verse. crea ti ve . 
dependable. 552·8354. (5121) 

Driver brir)Q San DIego car Bay Area or Santa 
Rosa. E"I*W" PIid. 707-833-2829. (512 H il4 ) 

HOUSING 
Sl.Mo1ER SUSLET~:Jldrm townhOuse 
wI.wd. ~. pool. paI<ilg. ParteCI tor 3 01 4 

~. Near EaslgaIe Mal & UCSO. Avaj. mIchJune 
10 mid-~ $1 ,oo.mo. Cal 458-90&78. (Sfl '-614) 

Thursday, May 21,1992 

FOR RENT: Uniw<sity City Playmor. 3BA. 
2.58A: '550 oq.ft . condo:alopplianca: CLEAN 
AND QUtET. Jt.it, : 459-6022. (5I ,8-5I2t ) 
FOR RENT: 3BA. 28A. '400 III ft . Enc:llitas 
condo: very dean and quiet. end unIt: Jt.it 1. 
4504-6462. (511"5121) 

SUIIIIER SUIllET (6115-8131) - own room In 
~ UTCcondo. W..wn; .-...c.IoVone 
and buIIIne. -'-Idryer. CIIJIe. pool . S299. 11 
3 UIiIitiea. 568-2834 or 457·27.2. (511"5126) 

PERFECT SUMMER HOMEI Huge 2 bedroom 2 
t..Itl w4Ih all !he ......... (1ncIudng ...... 1 
dryer rod AIC). FumWwd common _ . 2 
pooI.).cuuI. racqueIbII. B80a. ~.nees 
_ . Von', end UCSO but slap nelll doort 
Rent whale ($185) or raom (ail). Cal 535-9526. 
(Av ....... 811.) (5118-512') 

FurnW!ed room In MIra .... tow",.,.... Pool • 
Wid. own beIoony. a ...... 611 5-!W15. S350. 
549-7366. (5118-5/26) 

~Bea:h:shant2bedroom . 1 ~ 
wl2girts. S280 lOr 2. $475 tor 1 . • 59-7.56. (5118-
5121) 

2 bedrooms (one mati''') in three bedroom. 2.5 
bath condo near UTC. PooI .jacuul. 'ennis. 2 car ' 
lIIIached garage. Av..- mld-June Ihrough 
mid-Augusl. $4551$415 abo. 556-6757. (5118-51 • 
26) I 

Need , or 2 people to< mast ... bedroom at La 
Jolla International Gardens Apts. LetIOn Dr. S275 
mo. per person • utllftles. Needed from beginning 
ot June. Call Harry 558-0579. (5118-512') 

SPACtOUS. SUNNY. INEXPENSIVE CONDO 
near Regents and Nobel available tor summer or 
summer and next school year. 3 BORMI28A TH. 
pool. $IOOO1month. Aviv 558-6969. (5I'8-5I2t) 

Avaitable June 15. fumished room . spacious 
student condo. Mira Mesa. pool. jacuzzi. $3101 
month. Paul 549-6642. (51 '8·5126) 

Female. non·smol<lng roommate(s) wa .. ed:own 
room and bath ($400) or share master bedroom 
and balh lor $275 each in a fu mished 2 bedroom 
apt. Gym. pool . parking. close to campus. 
buslines. Call 457-4279. (5118·611) 

Female room male wanted - summer rental. 
Own bedroomlbath in compl., ely tu rniShed 
apanment. Bedroom furnished also. UTClUCSD 
area. Available mid·June to mid· Sept. or end ot 
August. S3951mo. utilitle. included. leave 
message at 458-9389. (51' 8·6/4) 

AVAIL . 6/15 - Two temales 10 share masler 
bedroom at W I .. emational Gardens. Pool. 
jacuzzi. fitness room with tree aerobics. voIIeybaB 
court. pool table . Bike. walk or bus to UCSD. 
S26!Wmo. 587·8757. (5118-5121 ) 

Penthouse condo on Regents and Nobel needs 
1 roommate forsumme.occupancy . Yourown 1 
bedroomibathiga.age space lor only $3901 
month. Scotl: 556·8175. (SI , 1·5126 ) 

3BAI2SA La Regencia apt. $1 250 • dep. o. just 
master BR S560 • dep. and/or single ($340 + 
dep.) 2 pools. spa. weight room. aerobics. security 
bldg. 4 parking spaces · 458·1'98. (51'8-5121 ) 

Roommale(s) wanled. Large mast.r bedroom. 
La Jolla. available June 1. tree laundry. pool . 
gym. spa. Have lWO ca,s. $360 plus 113 utilities 
or $212 plus 114 utilities. Sharlene 53G-39" . (51 
18-5121 ) 

Roommat .. wanted for summer 10 share master 
'*"-" in nlc:e condo in Univ. City. 5280/ 
person. Neat. non· smoker mal. or temale . 
Available mid·June to mid-Sept. Call 558·5760. 
(5118-5121) 

Roommates wanted. 2 rooms available in 3 
bedroom Windansea house. $384lmonth. 456-
5066. (51'8-611) 
Summer roommaie. Own room with bath . 
Fumished Del Mar 2501month. Nonsmok.r. 792· 
1879. (51'8-5128) 

Male roommate needed S300lmonlh • 113 
utilities. Clairemont. call 275-4289 Randy or 
Tim. (51'8-5128) 

r---------------------------------------------, ~~er than ever, whatever the season, to call... " ., ' . 
.r--, ' 

TritonTel 
Y .. , you can mol. thol ptnonaI COtwildlon all )'lot' 'round. To record yovr Voic:eMa11 meuage, \lie )"OUr Touch T one phone 10 dial 1-900454-1050 ... 
follow " prompts 10 911 'fOAJI own mailbox & c:onRdentfol posa code. 
Order your free ad nowl StItct one of tt.. caIegorits for 'fOAl' ad: 
1. M.uoge. hom Man 3. AIIt.motM ufetty!e. 5. R.nlols/Roommo~/Rlde.hort 7. Tick,,, Boughl/Soid & Fantoay Tripi 
2. MeNagH hom WOfNn 4. Study Partnlfl 6. GenetoI Shored InliliD 

, 
, Complete this ad form 

Wrflt )"OUr ad. one word per boot, and moll 1110: 
CAMPUS CONNECTION 
101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107 

publilhing 
PyoAJyoJII 

Y_ ad wi. oppeor In !he ... .-... '- cMlng fNf reguIor 
qde .• rou pt'-, - con ouIgn PI 0 tIICIIlMM nuntbor ond 
PO" codt. IAIlnformolion Is conadenlol. Your ........ wII 
PIlose do not Il1O your bt no .... , odcha, phone __ or 
language. No _ .... onyoM under II wiI be acapItcI 

be_ned. 
fIIf'I upIIcIt ...uat 
., CAnGON: __________________ ___ 

Nomt: ________________________ ___ 

~:--------------------~ a~ ~: 
EWt. 

Phone Numbers: I I I I 
oo;tIIiii ---------------------------------------------~ 

Thunday, May 21,1992 

W. houM·aij or sublet tor pan or all 01 sumlMf. 
ucso ..... mnua. Non-amoker. Nancy (213)852' 
70811. (5118-512') 

LooI<ing tor eoph.1r t8fNllee to find a place .... 
~ and tolille tooeIhe<starting IhIs IlUmlMf. 
No smoking. NodriMlng. cal J . 556-8996ASAP. 
(5118·51121 ) 

PtItec:t tor firS summer MUion.l.arge bedroom. 
t~ 5 min. trom UCSD. AvrlA. 6114-817. 
F __ ~IOSharewI2""""". S550tor 
whole -'on or b.o . Jilt 453·3950. (5111 · 5121 ) 

l.atge 1 t.droom. 1 bath. st8p8 to UCSO. pool. 
jaaJuI.gym. -..bias. parlUng.S-447 .ll2u1i1ities 
- available 6192. ~. (5111 '512') 

3/2 condo. 2 garagea. pool . jacuzzi , fi.epIace. 
oecurf1y. wi d. new COnd .• avail 611 . $ t lS01month. 
27 .. 3232. (51" ·512') 
3 bedroom condo ott East_ Mall. available !WI . 
Ooee 10 campu8, $1' 4OImorCI1. AI80 3 bedroom 
~ .... LaJoia Vitage Square. Availabte 
9/1. $135Oirnor1h. Nina 792-6453. (5111 · 5121 ) 

WIlt 10 UCSO. I..IerlE an:! l¢eaI. Ir10 science. 
IeCh. biz. heIIIl..-.d 1utwiIy. !It-.. ... 2 bcMn 
ap. ('MbtI oboal<a .-.d • pool taIief) In Ralph', 
CerW. $3I!OIno. Jom 4S2-&!119. (4127-5128) 
W .... to meke money white you are 0U1 ot town 
this summer? RenI you. house. apartment or 
part 1'*-0110 reeponsIbIe law lIudenls who will 
be ct.rl<ing .t Seltzer caplan WIII"n. • 
McMIhon In San Diego. PIeaM cal 685-3164 
lOr furthe< Intonnallon. (4113-614) 

CHEAP condo near campusl3 BRI2.5 SA. pool. 
teMs. jacuzzI. Available mId.June $12OO1mo. 
Calf 453-7098. (sn·5I2,) 
Furnished room In 3-bedroom 10wnhOUse. Del 
Mar. Mal' beach. pool . Available 615-6130. $265. 
259-6607 Jenny. (5114·512') 

3 roomsavallable6l'6-!W1 Intumished 5 bedroom 
lJIiwrsity City hOUse. Master S360. single $3'5. 
$270 (115 u,Uftles) . Washerl dryer. pI.nty ot 
parf<lng. storage space. all amenities. Females 
cRy . • 53-3966. (Sll.~4) 

Mira Mesa. 8 mUrom UCSD. F. 4 br. 4 ba. all 
amenities. friencIy and quiet S23OImo • 1/5 uti!. 
566-0660. No kids please. (512' -614) 

~. ~. One bedroom available. 
Male or temale non-smoker. Nice place . Call 
Trevor. 546-'868. (512 ' · 5128) 

Summe. aubteI - townhouse. Walking trom 
UCSO, 4 rooms. all appliances. WUherl drye<. 
pooI.1emIs. cIo8edgarage. privaae yard. balcony. 
$'320 or ~ otter. cal Jannlt .... 556-6235. (51 
21 ·5128) 

Sumnw HouM-single room. La Jolla ShoreII. 
tMock from beach. mile trom campus. $325. 558· 
7448. (5I2t ) 

Female roommate/s wanted to share La Jolla 
apI . w~h 2 girts tor aumlMf. Less than 1 mile 
trom UCSO. Own raom and ballvoom. $'95 
each and 114 utitiIiee tor 2. $330 and 113 utiIiIiM 
tor , . cal Ruby Of Sue 81 558-2235. (5121) 

'My Wordl' Roomma,._ .. ed. share bedroom. 
La Cima apI .. near campuS. cable . wid. $225. 
.52-2655. (5I2Hil4) 

North Park area • .-y ..modeted large one-
bedroom . watk· ln closet . double shower. 

~. braald_ bar. Private yard. o~ -
11'-. secure. partdng. $575 month. utilities 
Incfuded. laundry. pels OKI 261 ·3962. (5121 ) 

4·I00III fumlshed house in U.C.; 2 unfumlshed 
rooms available. July I ·June 30. 1993. Master 
woblth: $3SO. Huge bedroom wl rsmole entry: 
$335. Bad<yard. acroeastreet lrom park. WID. 2 
refrigerators • • 57·8371 . (512, ·5/26) 

ROOMMATES WANTE 0 In UC house . Available 
now. Pool. jacuul. washer. dryer. Call Perry 
455-17'0. (5121-614) 

SUMMER ROOMMATE WANTED In 3 bedroom 
townhouse 1112 miles lrom campus. Call Kathy 
558-'3'6. (512' -61' ) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED: UniversilyCiI)' 
condo. large room. own bathroom. Available 
June 1st : Call 587· ' 330. (512' ·5126) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Del Mar. own room and 
bath. Avail , tor summer & school year or jusl 
summer. C10ee to busUne. shOpping center & 
beach. Free cable. water & gas. Pool . spa. 
private parlUng. $37S1month. Avail 61'8 soonerit 
emergency. Darold or BiU 755·7569. (512 ' -614) 

ROOM IN DEL MAR HOUSE. S4S01mo. Call 
Eric (3'0) 3n·3726. (5121 ·5/26) 
5 bedroom. 2 bath house tor renl . University City. 
huge backyard. great locat ion . $ 1700l mo. 
Available in June. 546-1890&. (5121·5128) 

SUMMER SESSION It: FEMALE ROOMMATE 
needed. Own fumished bedroom. near campus. 
457· 4621. (5121 ·5/26) 

3BRlI 112 BA. Only $975imonth. partiall y 
furniShed . Close to campus I Call Dan al 587· 
7001. (5I2t ·5128) 

Single protessional mom .- responsible 
student to help wllranspor1ation and supervision 
ot II -year old son. Min. time commUment. early 
a.m. and p.m, In exchange tor room and board. 
NIceC3rmel Valley homewlamenilies. Fumlshed 
or unturnished .oom. 25!t-0478 eves. ask lor 
Cam;ite. (5121 ,5126) 

48R. 28A spacious. 2·story condo . • ·5 ppIe. 
Pool. dishwasher. Close 10 campus. Vons. UTC. 
For summer (& beyond" desired) . 51450. Call 
546-8891. (5121·5126) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Roommates needed tor summerl 3-4 ppte tor 
spacious 4 BO condo. pool . washerldryer. Single 
$320. double 5245. Near Vons. UTC. Call 455-
7466. (512 ' ·5126) 

Affordable IlUmlMf SUblease. Own room In 3 
bedI2 bath condo near Vans. $276frno . • 114 
utiIiIiM. Cal SIacy .52· 7567. (5I21 .6I1 l. 

La Jolla. West of 1·5 near UCSD. Unfumlshed! 
tumished sunny 1 bedroom and studio apts. 
trom 5590. Free cable TV. 24·hOUr security. 
patiOlllbak:onles. 880. By Trade. Joe·s . bus 
Slap. shOpping. Call 452·8850 lor mov.· in 
specials. (512' -614) 

2·3 upstairs rooms available tor summer In 
furnished 5 bedroom University City house (1 
tully furnished room available June 1. Olher June 
15). Pet's OK. storage space. yard. garage. 793· 
076' or 554· , '80. (5118·5128) 

EMPLOYMENT 
TELEMARKETERS. PT. Sun-Thurs eves. Sell 
_aon UI '0 popular downlown theater 
beginning major campaign , Great leads. geal 
earnings potential I Hoorly • comm. Must be 
reliable and committed to lhe arts . Will train. Fun 
atmosphere I CaM Megan after 5 pm at 544· 1000. 
(51'8· 5121 ) 

Special Programs Intem Position ' 992193 FIfth 
Reslclence U te. Job 16708 Career SaMces. 
Du. noon 5122. (5118-512 1) 

Sludent Outreach Inlern positions . 1992193. 
Applications at FIFTH College Dean's ollice. 
Due 5122. Ouestions? 534 ,2237. (51' 2·5121) 

A1.ASKASUMMEREMPLOYMENT- nsllone&. 
Eam $5.000+lmonth. Fo. employment program 
call 1·206-545-41 55 e>l. 2072. (51'8·5128) 

CRUISEStlPSNOWHIRING -Earn$2.000. , 
monlh • world travel (Hawaii . Mexico . the 
Canibean , elc.) . Holiday. summar and career 
employment available. Noexperience necessary. 
For employment program call 1·206-545-4155 
ext. C.SO. (3130-614) 

NEED MONEY? Wor1< evenings al Cambridge 
Cleaners. Campus Close on Reg.nts (by Zebra 
Copy). $5 per hour • no experienco necessary. 
Hurryl Call Javier 31 5S8.(J709. (5111·5121) 

Oulslde computer sale s. $ 1500 base • 
commission. Go genet graduate. Fax resu me 10 
CAL·ABCOINader. Fax ' (6 19) 450-9'86. (51 
14·512' ) 

Restauranl. La Jolla Shores. Is hiring I<ilchelV 
counter help. $5-7 per hOUr. No experience 
necessary. Flexible hours. Kevin . 454-6038. (51 
26-611 ) 

Camp Counsetor: Roughing It Day. Camp In SF 
and East Bay is hlrtng to. summer 19921 (510) 
283·3795. Send resume 10 PO BOX 1266. 
Orinda. CA 90&563. (512') 

PERSONALS 
Spedal Programs Intern POsilion 1992193 Flnh 
Reslclence Ute. Job 16706 Car .. r ServIces. 
Due noon 5122. (51'8·5121) 

Student Outreach Intern positions. 1992193. 
AppIrcalions at FIFTH College Dean's office. 
Due 5122. Questions? 534·2237. (5112·5121) 

VOLLEYBALL LESSONS - Summer Is here. 
time 10 .ellne your bump .• et and 'pike I 
ExperiencedvolleybaJl Instructor wil teach highly· 
personalized lessons in grass. sand or indoor 
techniques. It you want to leam volleyball tast. 
make the call - Greg. 546- '421. (5114·614) 

SMOKELESS BAR & GRILL Volleybar. on 1he 
comer ot Grand and Cass in P .B .. is a greal spot 
tor the UCSD alhlatic crowd, Great music . sport, 
on the tUbe. darts and awesome lood. the ·V· 
Bar" i. tor youl (514·614) 

Technology pnncess . Our true colors are 
recorded: white-grey·brown·green·red-blue. 
yellow. Us,en. (4113-614) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

GRADUATING? P ....... comlng? Here'ssdeal 
you truly deserve; call the Shell Beach Motet orlhe 
La Jolla Cove Mol"'. Beaulilul rooms with the night 
ife ot Prospect St . In back and Ihe Cove in lrontl 
UCSD vislIor special ratM year round. Call 459-
4306 (Shalt Beach) or 459-2621 (W Cove) 01 calf 
(800) 248-COVE. (5118-6/4) 

The Math Doctor's backl Protessional malh 
tutoring tor only $1011v. Call Tony Craddock: 
453· 7725. (51 t t -614) 

CONNECTing withpeople at UCSDcanbeditticun. 
NOT ANY MOREt IntroWcrng Triton Tel. a tun 
way'o ..- people lrom UCSD. people who you 
would NEVER have met oIheeMsel Yes. there ... 
some (900) rumber seMces lhat are OKI 5ee the 
torm below. (5Il~-6I4) 

Thanks LX and so.. tor lhe awesome victory Inthe 
Greek WeeI< talent show. We had a btast worIUng 
with youl love. the sisters 01 AXU. (5121 ) 

FRED KOERBER. Pay allention budl looks like 
you screwed the pooch buddy. Your pal Justin 
Beope is off overseas awaAlng his class schedule 
SO he can T·REG. Get with the program damn ~ I 
(Sf21) 

Advertise 
your housing needs in the Guardian. 
CALL 534 5 416 

1000 Ibs or less? 
We're the small 
load speCialists! 

• We ship anything from 1 10 1.000 
Ibs.-a single piece 10 a roomful of 
furnitu re 

- Prolessional. custom craling and 
packaging 

-Insured 
- Pickup serv ice I lree esl imales 
• Tape boxes. packjng materials and 

more lor do il yourselfers 

\ ~~ PacJlalliffa St:on. 
v" 792.2299 

12750 Carmel Country Road .. Sle. I 13 
San Diego. CA 92130 

15°. STUDENT DISCOUNT 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies eva luat. 
ing medications are available to 
people 1 8 or older suffe ring from 
depression. Symptoms include sad· 
ness. fatigue, los8 of interes t in 
daily activi t ies. changes in sleep 
and weight . hopelessness. and 
indecision. Sui table volunteers 
benefit from free medication. lab 
tes ts. physica ls and psychiatric 
evaluations. Small l ravel pay-
menl offered . Call for 0 confi · 
den tial evalua tion. 

rDlCXJ !'EtCHNER 
LqJ 0 :k~~ 554·0100 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

7044 Flanders Drive 

~SPECIALS! 
with 1.0. 

The former Student Credit Union space in the 
Student Cooperative Center is now available. THIRD MONTH Call about FREE TRUCK 
If you are interested in providing a service 
to the UCSD community, please submit 
a proposal to the 

UNIVERSITY CENTER BOARD 
(2nd floor of the Price Center) 

by 11 am Tuesday, May 26th. 

Final decisions for the space allocation 
, 

will be made on 
Monday, June 1 st. 

FREE l U-HAUL 1 
TRUCK RENTAL J 

tI' ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
tI' NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 
tI' NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
tI' HILTON® QUALITY AT MOTEL 6® PRICES 
tI' CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

VISA 

453-0511 

.' 



14 SPORTS 

Buy one single scoop 
Ice cream cone and receive 
a second single scoop cone 

FRIIII 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
none of our bu inc . Our busine s i eHing your bu ine ,and 

we' ll rc.)()[[ to cheap tricks to get attcnti n. Call us. 
UCSD Guardian Advertising. 534-3466. 

Myicku;e t6 Jkt a 
golione ;dI 4 ... 

~ CLQQ <""V 
Y TE&1'INC 

• regnancy TerminaLion 
8 neral/I 81 8neslh sia 

• MfaI' abl Birlh onlral 
• rronal 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 21, 1992 

SPORTSUNE / NAMES, NOTES AND NUMBERS 

Gerhardt Among ThOse to Face Gennan Squad 
On May 26, the San Diego No-

mads Youm Soccer Organization 
will take on Bayer Leverkusen. one 
of Gennany' top squad~ . at 7:30 
p.m. at Torrey Pines High School. 
Proceeds will go to benefit the La 
Jolla Youm Club. 

UCS 0 rnen 's soccer Head Coach 
Derek Annstrong heads the squad 
made up of local players under age 
19, which includes some of San 
Diego's top talent . 

Jerome Watson, Lu as Marten, 
Scott Platengerg. Tom Reasoner, 
and Tinny Nguyen helped lead the 
Nomads to the We tern Soccer 
League title in 1989 and are fea-
tured on this year' squad as well. 

KyleCampbell. the current USA 
National under- 18 goalkeeper. will 

also panicipate. 
Other players featured will be 

UCSD defender Mike Gerhardt, 
who helped lead the Triton to a 
Division III national champion hip 
this year. 

Paul Wright, rnemberofthe San 
Diego Sockersand ell-Nomad Youth 
Player. will also be featured. 

1lle Bayer Leverkusen team fin -
ished in founh place in the Gennan 
"BundesJiga" league thi season. 
The BundesJiga i one of the top 
leagues in Gennany, and the fini sh 
makes the team eligible to compete 
in !he European Cup events in 1992-
93. 

1lle team i comprised of players 
from four countries: Gennany. Po-
land. Brazil and Romania, and is 

sponsored by the Bayerpharrnaceu-
tical company. 

The German squad features 
Andre 1llom, considered to be one 
of Europe's top playeni. for whom 
the team paid $8 million. 

Despite the Gennan team's ex-
perience and size advantages. 
Annstrong is grateful fortheoppor-
tunity to play. 

" !t's kindoflikeplaying the New 
York Yankees," he said. "That's the 
fun of the event." 

Annstrong added that this may I 
be the only opportunity some play-
ers will have to match up with top ; 
European players. 

"This could be the highlight of 
[the players' ] careers." he said. 

- Ken Perlman 

GOLF 
ContInued from page II 
Adolphus and Methodist. I think 
that will really put the pressure on. 
and I'm sure we can beat them." 

Salem shot a red-hot 294 yester-
day to take over first-place with a 
595 total. " It ·s really unusual. They 
have the one kid hitting 87. and the 
rest of them are shooting 735 and 
74s," Wydra said. 

Other individual standouts in-
c1ude Pete Roberts, who Wydra ays 
may be " freshman of the year." at 
153: and Brock Shafer, who i three 
strokes back at 156. 

Every Triton golfer ha~ been 
important to the leam because 
UCSD's top player. Dale Abraham. 
is ill. 

Sue MapeslGua-cf<rI 
The UCSD golf team is contemplating how to jump into first place. 

Abraham is seeing a doctor to-
day in hopes of getting back on [rack 
for the last two days of the competi-
tion. This is the first time all season 
that Abraham 's scores have not 
counted toward the team's total 
score. MOVINGr HAVE TO GET RID 

OF THAT KING-SIZED FUTON 
WITH THE OAK FRAMEr 
Sell it in the Guardian. 

Guardian c1assifieds work. Just come to our offices on the 
second floor of the old Student Center and fill out a foml. 
FOR M 0 REI N FOR MAT ION, 
CALL 534 5416 

"If somebody told me before that 
we'd be in fourth place without 
[AbrahamJ, l'd have told them they 
were crazy." Wydra said. "But the 
rest of the team has really pulled 
together." 

But what the match could really 
hinge on is the quarters UCSD uses 
to mark their golf balls. 

"[Stottem) looked at his quarter 
today and its date was 1971 , and he 
said. 'That's it. I'm going to shoot a 
71' and he did. So now the team is 
superstitious about the quaners 
they're using," Wydra said. 

Looking For Someone New? 
If )'OU',.looIdng for that special toII'IeOM, a study portner, a roommoe., 
rIdesho,., for fontasy trips orwho"""r, we'.,. got the answw: T rilon Tel, 
on elCCltlng - way to make personal connections 01 01 kinds. Chedt 
out the ods and coli the box number that In ...... )'OU, or browse the 
cokJegort.s ... or pIace)'OUr own FREE ad and r.c:ord a meuoge. Call 
rtcNI- and Me what we meanl 

-TritonTel 
1-900-454-1050 

(cal. ore b~1ed by yow phone ccmpony at 99. 0 minute., 
Send In your ad today . START CALLING MAY 26th! 

Thunday, May 21, 1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 

Rules and Regulallons: 
·St:MonEENRY'ON A". ,n"n I 1" SII:Erat; PAIU 

ALOfriO .rrll YOUI PtAWI'.. • .. f ...... .. SCUOOt .. ItoMIo.T OWN. 
COllJlOti YOU" lTlHD AT UCSD.~. AND,.K)foI,. ""' .... 
roSrmn Eon, • . UCSD 0. 1 0&.\"'. !jt-'OOGa.JoWll DIM! 
OJI6.LA Jou.,A, CA9209J..O.1 Ib. Y OUCANAUO ~Ir 
()H! UflUP. SfilW.l EoneM"!tUx AT lIIl GuAlDe.\N a-na .. 
I.fCAtl:O IN n IP S l\D1iT Ct:JrmJt. M'lOSJ l-tIJON n M GYM, 

-Au. UCSO SruDl:Pml. STAI.f. A ,,"O t At."1J1 n .o\~ Ell' 
(-.e m t..NIU" L\ll PT H* GlMJtOIA!~ S- I "'''' MI MlNJtS AHI> 
.... ~.on I.J c-. BJ 's OUCMiU P\7./J aJ,\. 

-Til .. ",."lJII lIU, l ..... .!1 l . ""lnl nil wos-r n*I 'CT 
\1rr('S' '''''1I5. DtinIIroUNf D . ~t , "I JUDttlJ. 'ft 1U at' 1lt.<l.AItD 

118:QtANDfltt IW Itt IPl"'1 MolD 'III IJ . IIl 11.t.'OflNVI.O v."'-}I fl • • 
QUuasPW.INUUTlI-lnI UWINO ,,'IIK. I,. 111'1:\1)",,01' " 1"1\, 
A ~WU«l "'" lit' '' ' 1.01U Dt'11:aMUilt nl' 'WINNl I , Tln~ti 
COU U .T'.HTaIU NlliSUil,1 OAS1.I CJt.\ I'oO f"IC ll'..!:. WIf<i,*.l 
• ' • .L ... nJfUfot I ' U .UN ...... '.-tIP. 

o{)Nl.Y ON .. tJ(C1n' n ... ".ISC," "II OLIV_ Nu MASS' 
~D I.N'UI N.S .. . L I' IIl'l,Pll D. Eirlu "'tUn 8F. AT 
1'1" Gu,ao.,\JIl III NOr,. WI mlf.sOA,V. 

·TI U. GtV.NOP'ltfl.f. .. INN ... ·.t..l • • I:Ll I vt- II t-.'I- DlHSUI 
I~ 1'*'0 1\1 8J 's O QCMiO Pvn:lI.\. RlNM It:j. up 'A IIJ. 
Kf.CH\ 'b II f KU: ,ntuJt nil, M UMI 01 o...u.-.ItUJil. '* .MO,\. 
IIr Wt'- I nt'AnD IN b J<U.A V"J.AI.~&.u,... .... A I "' ..... Of 
0\1.1 " INSI .. .1 """161' I'!mlo AI OJ's LAOI WIt- '" Ar-O 

\Io'IN~I IlS .... J 0 lOSI,;w lOt "fIiIICA11ON I(H1.Alllt "11.(5, 

This week's questions: 
1. Which team has the first pick in 
the 1992 NBA draft? 
2. Who is the new head coach of the 
Lo Angeles Lakers? 
J. True or false : The Italian boat 11 
Moro di Velle=ia won the .1992 
America's Cup. 
4. Who is the MLB all-time leader 
in strikeouts? 
S. Where do the Toronto Blue Jays 
play their home games? 
6, What is the mascot of the Univer-
sity of Wyoming? 
7, Who is the 1991-92NBA MVP? 
8. Who has the pole position for the 
1992 Indy 500? 
9. Which two teams are playing in 
the 1992 NBA Eastem Conference 
Finals? 
10, How many consecutive titles 
has the UCSDwomen's water polo 
team won? 
Lasl week's questions: 
1. Who is the new head coach of the 
Milwaukee Bucks? Mike Dunleavy 
2, What are the names of me two 
boats in the America's Cup finals? 
Americal and II Moro di Venezia 
3. Which collegiate player was se-
lected to play on the 1992 U.S. 
Olympic basketball team? Chris-
tian Laettner 
4, As of May 14, which team is in 
last place in the NL East? Phillies 
5. How many MSL championships 
have the San Diego Sockers won? 
Ten 
6. What is the mascot of the Univer-
sity of Color.wo? Buffaloes 
7. Who led the American League in 
home runs for the 199/ baseball 
season? Cecil Fielder, Jose 
Canseco (tie) Credit was given for 
either answer 
8. True or false : Clyde Dreiller was 
selected to the 19')2 U.S. Olympic 
basketball team. True 
9, What pitcher is the uncle of the 
San Diego Padres ' third baseman 
Gary Sheffield? Dwight Gooden 
10, Who did the UCSD baseball 
team play in the first round of !he 
Division III tournament? Cal 
Lutheran 

This week's winnner - Kristin 
Cassidy, Revelle, Sophomore, Bi-
ology, Bishop 

Runnen Up - List of 16 at BJ' 
(Nice try, AI) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Dan McOoweIVGua-cf<rI 
The UCSD men's crew team has Ma couple of good shots at a medal.' 

CREW 
ContInued from PICe II 
ever, due to new budget problems, 
UCLA is not supposed to be as 
strong a contender as in the past. 

Both UCSDteams will be able to 
fly to the PCRC this year. 

Vallerga believes that flying will 
eliminate the travel "wear and tear" 
that he and his athletes ellperience 
when driving long di tances. 

In prepamtion for the PCRC, 
Vallerga compared recent practices 
to "perfecting a gymnastics rou-
tine." The teams received more wa-
ter time and were encouraged to 
stay .. harp and focused" despite 
several team illnesses and injuries. 

Aside from encouragement from 
Vallerga, the women's team is in-

STUMP 
ContInued from page 1.1 
The voice was Roseanne's. 

The stadium has the real stuff, 
Not that artificial turf. 
If they use fake grass, 
Why nOl a ball that's a Neff! 

Our seats were down the line, 
And I ga' .. e my friend a high five; 
After he broke the bones in his hand, 
Catching a buming line drive. 

It's a pitcher'S duel 
When no one has scored, 
But after nine and it's 0-0, 
Let's be honest, I'm bored. 

spired by recent selection of veteran 
rower and co-captain Emily Ford to 
pre-elite camp, a stepping stone to 
the national team. 

On the men's side. head conch 
Mike Shannon forsees strong show-
ings this weekend . 

"A couple of our crews have 
out tanding shotsat colle<:tingmed-
als. Our novice-eight boat is ranked 
sixth on the coast, and our qua-
druple skulls are probably our best 
bet for a championship," Shannon 
said. 

The skulls expect tough compe-
tition from Sac ramento Slate and 
Long Beach State. while the nov-
ices are looking out for Cal and 
Stanford. 

Associate Sports Editor Gregg 
Wrem contributed to this story. 

After 12 scoreless innings. 
And nachos that were too hot 
The only thing that will cheer me up 
Is if the Phanatic gets shot. 

Speaking of the Phanatic, 
The Padres mascot is blue. 
What else it 's supposed to be, 
I haven't got a clue. 

I really do love this game. 
For hours I could talk and ta lk , 
But will somebody please tell me, 
What the hell is a balk? 

And when it comes to a close. 
With the Classic in the fall , 
I'll be there, glued to my TV 
Watching football. 

UCSD Tennis Comes 
Up Short at Tourney 
• After team takes seventh at nationals, two 
Tritons play in individual competition 
By Blal, RIdley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's tennis team had a successful trip to Atlanta, where it 
placed seventh in the NCAA Division III national competition. Just days 
after the end of team competition, two of the Tritons also played in the 
individual tournament. 

Chad Morse, the Tritons' number-one player, drew Nathan Eddy from 
Kalamazoo as his opponent in the first round of the individual competition. 
Eddy took me tough first set 6-4, while MOnie took the second 6-3. The 
match came down to me critical third set, which Eddy took 7-6. 

UCSD's John Cross also was selected to compete in the individual 
tournament. Cross drew Brian Maebiu from Dennison College in the fi rst 
round. Maebius and Cross played a fantastic first set, which the Tritons' 
Cross won 7-6. The second set was not asexciting, as Cross took it and the 
match 6-3. 

'The next round was not as kind to Cross. He drew Brian Nurenburg, the 
number one player from Tufts University (MA). Nurenburg proved to be 
me better player. as he shot down Cross in str.llght sets, 6-3, 6-2. 

After the singles rounds, Cross and Morse teamed up to play double . 
'They drew Colin White and Todd Kennedy from Emory University in the 
first round. The team of White and Kennedy was the number-one seed in 
the tournament. 

White and Kennedy took the first set rathereasily 6-3. Cross and Morse 
fought back to take a close second set 6-4. In the third set, Cross and Morse 
had multiple break points at 4-4 and 5-5, but could not convert them and 
losl the set and the match 7-5. 

SPORTS 15 

SUSHI & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyoki in Town" 
YAKIMONO r-:::-:--:::--=--=----------, 
Ja pan ... . FOOd U C 5 D S PEe I A L 
••••• af f o rda b l e & Il ea/Ill y 

: TERIYAKI 399 : 
• CHICKEN DINNER Reg.sus. 
• ~ rO. !aIod and ""'P 100,,1' "'" ir<I..dod on "*-' onIonl. Exp. 0/4192. • 
•••••••••••••••••••• 
LA JOLLA COLONY PLAZA 
77l.8 Regents Rd. #501 (vons Shopping Center) 452-4255 
T aI.e out cwailabte. We also oIfor coloring lIlrVic" . 
HOURS: II :ll om·9 pm !M·Th.), II :ll am·l0 pm (F & Sol.), 5·9 pm Svndoy. 

RAISE COLD HARD CASH 
for your 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION! 
Sell Haagen Dazs Ice Cream from 

a Push Cart on Campus and earn ZO% 
of Gross Sales for your Organization; 

l,.~\f , '. 
For detai ls ~ 

Stop by Cafe Zero in ~ 
the Price Center or call : Z~V() ' 
r;~. p, ___ +. ' (619) 457-4365 

Also ask about our 
~55t!rt Club Membership. 

FREE 
DOlEN 

:Jlowers & 9if!s CARNATIONS 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

an Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 'o'llhfll,lhh.l'w.:\.( IO . ... m.lfc \111 \~hJ \Iolth .in)' 1~1k.'I' ntf",or 

L A J 0 L L 

I~ · "li ':'11 
PROSPECT 
PARK INN 

The Prospect Park Inn is a delightful 
mixture of Old World charm and 
modem amenities, located one block 
from the famous La Jolla Cove and 
amidst many fine 
restaurants, shops, 
and boutiques. 

I. 
' \I'e Deliver 
World Wick" 

A 



16 

COlD AM 
1 Squeaky Springs (I3-S) 
2CtidIs Can Poood (11·1) 
300ughnUl Bumpers (I()-S) 
4You're Easylll (10-8) 
S Up And Cumming (1 (}oS) 
Playoff Inlo: Coed AM volleybaa teams will be reclassified 10 Coed AA.AA lor the 
championship play-offs, The top fourteams in each AM league (Rice Chex. Cinnamon 
Cri&pies) will qualify for the AA.AA Play-oHs which begin next Wednesday night. May 271 
9:t5pm, 

COEDM 
1 Sets On The Beach (17·1) 
2 Team Asia (16-2) 
3 S.O.S. (16-2) 
"Booshl (1&2) 
S Soft Blocks (19-2) 

6 Sale Sets (11 ,1) 
7 Sharjr. You (1404) 
8 Sponge Cake (14-4) 
9 Amazon Women & Slaves (11-4) 
10 Brood 01 Vipers (I3-S) 

A.y-off Info: Coed M teams will be reclassified 10 Coed AM lor the championship 
playoffs, The top" teams lrom each Coed AA will quaity lor the AM play-offs and will 
only compete against teams that competed in AA during the regular season. Coed AM 
play-oHs will begin next Wednesday. May 2711 0:1 Spm. 

COlD A 
1 Manny's Many (21~) 
2 Enter Sandman (21 ~) 
3 Se1. Spike, & Go Naked (18·3) 
4 Face Reality (1 8-3) 
S Dig This (16-2) 

6 Late To Elevate (16·2) 
7 No Ka Oi (15-3) 
8 Wah Sai (1&2) 
9 G-Me (1 4·1) 
10 I Tach Mysen (1 &S) 

Play·off Inlo: Those teams that finish in first or second place in any Coed A league at 
the conclusion of the regular season will be re·dassified as Coed AA lor the charrpion· 
ship play-oHs, Those teams will only be competing against simlar 1·2 finishers from 
other Coed A leagues in the play-olls. Coed AA play-oHs WIll begIn Thursday, May 28th! 
8:15pm. 

Those teams that flnlsh In third II1d fourth pllee In Coed A leagues wli compete 
lor the Coed A championship beginning Thursday, May 281h. 

All teams lhal have play-off potential (lop lour In each league) should check at 
lhe Canyonview Recreation Office on Tuesday. May 261h to conlirm the day and 
time 01 your flrst round play-off matches. 

2-Man Champs Crush! 
The popular two·man Sand Volleyball championships came to a crushIng conclUSIon 
last week as champIOns in five dIfferent diviSIOns were crowned Although final scores 
weren 't tOlal1y Indlcahve 01 the matches dId last 45 rrinutes),'92 I 
Sand VB champions Will they want lor the nexl 
12 months. A quick summary 01 

Man's AM 
Canadian Crushers deleated Eu T u 
Championship Team: Rob Crotty·Bnan 

Men 'sM 
Larry's Sandy Baits deleated Unpleasant Marsupials, '5-9 
Champoonshlp Team: Rick Lau·James Samford (Flnally l) 
Men 's A 
Hammer Time defeated limp and Hop-Along, 15-0 
ChampionshIp Team: Mark Carrier·Vince Wong (Senouslyl) 
Coed M 
My Other Girl Pounds defeated Sand Crotch. t 5-12 

Coed A 
Cape Sucils deleated The Spokers 15-12 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 21,1992 

SUN GOD TOUINAMINTS 

Basketball Draws Record Turnout Indoor Soccer Back to the Future Repeats I Can Mark Dunk Triumphs 
-............. .,. 
--........ _ .... .... 

A field of JJ turned out for thi 
annual opponunity to play above 
the rim. The spcc:UU)rs Ift{e 
thrilled all day with Ofl(:rnC>llliter 

rolled through 
poqI' andjlgamered the 

---. ............... ..... 
.... n. ....... __ -' 
.... _..., .......... . 

jam after another. 
One of the 

................. ., ...... 

.............. _ ..... 

.... _ .. -- ....... 

............. UCID. AI..... • ........ _ 

....... -.............. ... 
_ .. .,... ............... -
...... ' .............. ... 

-_ ................ .. 
.................. -.... .. 
.................... 
........................... 

.......... ...., ...... """ 

........ 

..... _·.T ..... ,.....'_ 
.. ......,. .... " .. 
....... 1Iet. .., ,....., ....... 
.... ....... _ .. .,... ....... 
... .., .. , ..... ---AI .......... _ ....... _ 
...... 1M. ,.....y ___ .. 
............................. 
.... 1iIM' .... "-II. ... _ .. 
,... .. UCID .... _, 

.... c:... ............. .. 
....................... C 
..., ....... UII* .............. through the of the two-point in the final. 

draw. Pushed to the limit. CAN 
MARK DUNK responded by 
turning back FAB 5, 11 -8. 

They were IlIlking trash all 
\\cck, and they did come through 

including another game winner by 
EJ. The final. 11-9. NeedJess-to-
say. the champs are already having 
their 3-peat tee shins printed. It 's 

...., ....... ..., .. ......., .. 

................... ,_ .... 

........ n.r_ ...... N. ... ,....., ................. _ .. 
0,.. ....... ...... 

. never been done before ??? 

Little Guys COp 
Big Championship 

In a scene right out of the Wizard of Oz. a ,",up 
of seasoned munchkins that call themselves, the 
Owa". ... nung their way to the UCSD Intramurel 
Ultimate DiK Championship this past Sunday. 

Brian Catanzaro'. phenomenal friIbee ntnpre 
annexed the championship by breaklnl open a c_ 
game In the second half as they put lWay a tired 
group championship seekers. called ,..,. /tty WllHI-
chair. The llnal Kore was 114. but at the half. folks, 
this game was pretty close .... uh 3-3 .... If you',. 
keeping track, 

Park My Wheelchair had a long, tiring, but suc· 

Tube Polo 
Playoff Update 

OK, the playoffs are clone, rIIIrt? Not a chance. 
The Natatorium his been a rul work-NIrM for years, 
not to mention one of the best tube-polo venues on 
the welt coat. We JIIIt needed everythlnl to work 
for one mo,. week. JUlt fin ..... the pllyoffs ....... .. 
WII" It dldn't happen. A pump blew IIICI find"" parts 
for a'43 DeSoto would be ..... IfIVerywM c_ 
their fingers, we ml&trt hawe th. back In order by 
the _kend_ If <_w, that· •• lot of Its) the pump 
workl, the water &ats fllter.d. II1d the heater c:an 
brinC the temp back up to tomethInC bareable. it 
IookIlike we should beIIn early next week. The 1M 

cessful day. They reached the linell atter wlnn,", I Staff wilt be caltlnC jUyoff bound teams with the new 
three c:onsecutlve gam" In three strallttt hours all detes and times, 
by scores of 124. The Dwarves, In contrast. were 
somewhat fresher winni", their quarterfinal and 

sem~flnal matches handily. 

BJ · s P i z z e ria 

• 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 

IDEO GALLERY ick of cardboa rd and ketchup? Try an authentic Chicago lyle pizza! 
BIGGEST SELECTION in the area ~ FREE PARKING 

NEW RELEASES: JFK • MEETING VENUS . CITY OF HOPE 
• COMPANY BUSINESS ... COMING SOON: THE INDIAN RUNNER 

• MY GIRL . FATHER OF THE BRIDE 

Bring this ad to RENT ONE MOVIE and 
get a SECOND RENTAL FREE! 

Monday ttuu Thursday. Eltpores 5/28/92. 

Costa Verde Ceoter near Soup Exchange 8750 GeDessee • 450-1766 
Piazza Carmel, Del Mar near Vons 3880 Valley Ceotre Dr •• 792-9923 

HoUR: Swa.·1b\ll'l, 111lJDr9 pm I Fri.&L 111lJDr11 pm 

flll CAMPUS oaMlY 
TOYOUl DOOl 
SUII 11 :30 _" pm 
M.Th \I _\I ~ . 

Fri. & Sol .. \I ","·11 ,.,;d 
OFF 

'''''r1S<' p" .. ml coupon "."." Of'dm"ll.\ 'a/IJ far ddltt!F)l, 
m m 'IJlII 'Jr d/lj" In Ii!pIm w¥.lJ 

8873 Villa Lajalla Dr. Lajal/a Village Ce1lter 455-0662 
VCSD's original pizzeria is still tbe best! 



H2 HiATUS 

• 'Rites of Passage' adds 
new edge to Indigo Girls' 
trademark sound, 
By l.enC Loh 
Senior Staff Writer 

Is it pos ible to be serious ani ts and still 
be successfu l? If the experience of Amy 
Ray and Emily Saliers of the Indigo Girls 
are any indication the answer is a defin ite 
maybe. 

It's been three years since the fo lk-rock 
duo from Decatur. Georgia. first broke into 
the college/alternative mu ic scene wi th 
their single "Closer to Fine." One Grammy 
award and four Gr.tmmy nomi nations later, 
they've j ust re leased their fifth Epic album, 
Ritl!s of Passagl!. 

Rites of Passage howcase the two 
songwriters' divergi ng styles with eclectic 
grace: it's Joni Mi tchell/Paul Simon Meets 
Patti Smith/Michael Stipe. Saliers and Ray 
are a Mudy in contrasts - Saliers red-
haired and contemplative, Ray dark-haired 
and passionate. Together the two women 
meld harmonies on songs that explore a 
wide emotional range, topped off with a 
social conscience. 

It's folk music - along with the 
omnipresent acoustic gui tar. some cuL~ 
feature tr.lditional instruments such as 
fiddles, accordion . and even marimbas. 
And it's rock music - Ray's searing 
vocals, accompanied by haunting percus-
sion supplied by Budgie from Souixsie and 
the Banshees, place her in a category with 
Janis Joplin. 

HiulLIs spoke with Ray last week about 
her wngwriting, succe s, and the meaning 
of life: 
Let· ...... off w ..... real basic 
question, whk:II you've probably 
been asked. hundred tI ..... already 
today. Why ·RIt .. of passag.'? 

A \ot of the songs on this album are 
about the passage from one type of 
existence to anolher, like life to death or 
death to life or relationship to n relation-

~hip - things like that - and we wanted to 
find a name that showed the continuum and 
the way that you pass from one thing to 
another. 
Is It kind of a rit. of P"sac. for the 
band? 

Maybe in a subt le way. We didn't 
necessarily mean for it to stand fo r a ri te of 
passage for the band. But I think it i 

The UCSDGuardian 

Emily Saliers and Amy Ray of Indigo Girls 

wmewhat of a marking point for us. 
because the album is probably more 
experimental musically than we've been in 
the past. 
II also doesn't ...... 10 have _ 
nwny .onp about Iov. and Inner 
emotions Md stuff ....... 

Well , I th ink there's not as many songs 
that are as introverted, but I think there's a 
lot of emotion going on, it' j u t more 
ubtle. And I think that's positive for us. 

(laughs) 
Why I. that? 

I think that we were trying to become 
bener s ngwri ters anyway. but we let these 
songs grow on their own instead of try ing 
o hard . And it's good to write about 
~ol11ething besides j ust yourself. 
·Chlck ........ • w_ ......... by .. 
encounter you had while you w .... 
on .... road. What ..... It bike to 
I ....... sonc In you? 

That song deals a lot with my inner 
emotion - too in a real graphic, agricultural 

way. 'Cuz I'm talking about dead animals 
on the highway, and that's something that 
I'm continuously upset about when I'm on 
the road. And when I go running in cities, I 
see people being beat up and stuff - it' s 
really weird, I seem to allmct these things. 

I wrote 'Chickenman ' about this person I 
met on this trip, who gave me a whole new 
perspective and kind of uplifted me for a 
day above the me of the world. That' the 
kind of thing that inspires me to write a song 
- when I'm grappling with something 
that ' killing me inside, and then I find 
something that saves me. 
You wrtt. a lot Itbout ..... EmIly 
........ anoIIIer interview that you 
come from the peNpeCtIve 01 "'_, 
10 wOlk IIIrough to .... poeItIve .... 
come out wItb .................... WhIII ' 
Is IIItbout ...... 1hIIt drtYea you? 
Why do you wrtte ItbouIIi so mudI? 

I don't know. I'm really a very positive 
person. I'm very upbeat, ['m motivated, and 
I motivate other people a 101. I'm very 

Thursday, May 21,1992 

positive about that. And ('m very into 
humanity. I guess I get angry about a lot of 
stupid things, like people killing each other, 
and people abusing animals Wld abusing 
people, and racism and sexism. And life is 
so beautiful to me, it seems ludic rous to be 
so slap-happy when there' s all this stuff 
goin' on, It's like spitting in the face of all 
the sacredness, you know. It upsets me 
more because I find it so ludicrous. I just 
wear my passions on my leeve, I guess. 
WhMdoyou ........... .... 
consol .. cc ... ? 

1be pros are you have more money. so 
more money gives you more time to be free 
to create - you don' t have to work a day 
job. Money allow you to help other people 
out with their music, and money allows you 
to just help people in general. And it 's fun 
to have people listen to your music - no 
doubt about that - it makes you fee l good 
about yousel f. And I guess those are the 
pros. 

The cons are like. you get too self-
involved when you' re on the road. It gets 
out of hand if you ' re not careful. And it 's 
hard to deal with the separ.lIions that occur 
from your friends sometimes cause you're 
gone so much, you lose touch. But there's 
not that many cons. Me and Emily are 
pretty positive about appreciating what we 
have. 
How ........ ace ... affected yow 
reIIItI«J III hlp wItb JOIII' .... ? 

Well, I went through a period after the 
last album when I was kind of not as open. I 
felt sort of muted, I don' t know why, all the 
time. In my perfonnances, too. I didn ' t feel 
like things were just moving me. I felt more 
controlled than I wanted to be. And I've 
gone through it. 
w. It ....... 0I ............ ? 
1'IyInC to live .. to .......... xpec> 
...... ? 

I think maybe. Yeah. I don't think I 
knew what was going on when it was 
happening. 'Cuz now, I feel a lot differ-
ently. [ feel that I'm back through it, and 
I'm open again. And now I realize how I 
fe lt then. But you never realize how it is 
when you're in the middle of it , which is a 
real drag. 
'There'. always retroepect to I&Id • 
cia ........... • _EmIly up'" 
·W .......... •• I remember wilen you 
pIIIyed ........... DItCo ... 0ct0Mr 
01'91; lutlfway ~ .... sbow 

See INDIGO. Page H8 

from ENGLAND Reprise Recording Artists DO Y.OU 
HAVE ... ~', 

.. '" I 
plus special guests 

pale saints 
MAY 31 • SUN. • BPM • PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534·6467 t ·.:,,-

-~~~=:: _ .. ~::: ..... ou~ 1 _ _ _ 
.... '27.-T.X. 

C""-A"'o- 9 •• 

• Mononucleosis? 

• Measles? 

EARN $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LUOUTOIIU 
226-1733 ' 

..... 1111I1:Get In our epec:iaI 
June 4 

• r '-1111 .. , 0nIr 5 __ to got 

Thursday, May 21, 1992 The UCSD Guardian HiATUSH3 

THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 

Toeether-Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman star in another feature film. 

'Far and Away' from 
A Cinematic Epic 
• Ron Howard's overhyped feature comes off 
looking more like a Walt Disney cartoon 
By Mel Marcelo 
Senior Staff Writer 

II seems likecenluries since films 
have been touted with the word 
"epic." No film in recent memory 
ha<; dared to touch the mantle of epic 
like David Lean's "Lawrence of 
Arabia." Opening this Friday. Ron 
Howard's"Farand Away" has been 
hyped as being a film of epic pro-
ponions. But don' t let the hype fool 
you - "Far and Away" is pure 
summer emertainment that is epic 
in imagery and sound, but feel-good 
mainstream at its core. Think of it as 

a cinematic Disney ride. 
"Far and Away" follows the ro-

mantic adventure of Joseph Donelly 
(Tom Cruise) and Shannon Christie 
(Nicole Kidman) in their search for 
freedom and IWld in America. Oock-
ing in at two and a half hours. the 
film uses the familiar theme of r0-
mance between the rich and the 
poor. The cliche theme of finding 
one's dreams in the " Land of the 
Free" are almost identical to the 
animated films about Feivel the 
Mouse. In tenns of theme and inte l-

See FAR, Page H7 

... McCulloctl 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
Going to be around 
this summer? It isn't 
too late to sign up for 
classes and trips at the 
San Diego Natural 
History Museum. 
There are classes on 
geology, art and 
biology, and trips to 
hot springs and 
natural history 
expeditions. Call 232-
3821, extension 203 
for more info, 

FREE PEN ENGRAVING 

Give Memorably. 

Wi th the purchase of any metal pen you 
will receive one line of Block style letter 

engraving absolutIey FREE! 
Offer good from May 21 through June 5 

L.JCSD 
BOOKSTORE 

Supplies Department 534-3786 

, 

TONIGHT: As the last event of Neofest X and of the season. 
Sushi presents "Reno Once Removed," a perfonnance by anist/ 
wri ter/comedian Reno. " ... Once Removed" is a 90-minute. no 
intennission, political and anecdotal monologue with original music 
by Mike Yionoulis. It shows Thursday and Friday at 8 p.m and 
Saturday at 7 and 10 p.m. Tickets 'lre $13 for the general public,and 
just $ 10 for Sushi Members. 

FRIDAY: Tickets go on sale for college-rock guy Ian 
McCulloch. He'sgoing tobeplayingat Iguana'sinTJ onJune26th. 
T ickets are a steep $17.50. At that non-recession-likc price only the 
die-hard McCulloch fans will be in attendance. 

WEDNESDAY: The 1992 UCSD Undergraduate Arts 
FeatNai has its opening shindig at the Price Center. All events .lre 
free and the schedule is as fo llows: 

Tuesday, May 26: The Seniors Show begins at the Mandeville 
Annex Gallery, open from noon to 5 p.m. daily. 

Wednesday. May 27: The KIck." Event at Price Cenler Plaza, 
II a .m. to 2 p.m. Reasons to go: the 1500 member UCS D Gospel 
Choir. the Jimmy Cheatham Jazz Band, perfonnance artists and 
cheap popcorn. 

Friday, May 29: The VIdeo Show is this one day only, 10 a.m. 
to 9 p.m. in the Nonh Conference Room of Student Center A. 

Monday, June I : The ........... y exhibit and All-Student 
Show open. The fonner exhibit shows in the Mandeville Center 
East Room, noon to 4 p.m. da ily, the latter in the Mandevi lle Annex 
Gallery, noon to 5 p.m. daily, 

Thursday, June 4: The Flm Festival makes its one night 
appearance at Peterson Hall 110. The festival runs from 7 p.m. to 
midnight. 

As part of the U.s./MexJco Border Film SerIes at the 
Museum of Contempora.ry An, '''The Ballad of Gregorio Cones" 
will show at 7:30 p.m. in the Museum of Contempomry An's 
Sherwood AudilOrium. The fil m narrates a tragic epi ode in the life 
of Gregorio Cortes, a folk he ro from tum of the century South Texas. 
The cost is $3 for museum members, $4 for non-members. 



H4/5HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 2 1, 1992 

s u M E R r v I E p R E v I E w s 

B Y P E i E R K 0, 5 E N lOR 5 T A F F W R I T E R 
If Hollywood were to put out a commercial for the summer releases of 1992, it would sound something like this. 

"You want sequels? We've got sequels! We've got sequels coming out of our ears! We've got original movies that sound like sequels. We've got 
original movies that will have sequels. We've got sequels that will have sequels. But that's not all! We've got sequels which have been planned be-
fore the most-recent sequel was even released! And for those of you tired of sequels, we have movies that will never lead to a sequel. Stay tuned! 

fiLM R[[L 

• Harrison Ford in 'Patriot Games' 

• Clint Eastwood in 'Unforgiven' 

~. . ~ ... .., ,. ~ 1 
'.~ ,~/". , ~,~ 'v -
~~ 

• Halle Beny and Eddie Murphy in 
'Boomerang' 

• Bridget Fonda and Jennifer Jason 
Leigh in 'Single White Female ' 

~ ,. . " . ".~ ... ,. 
,-I$. , fJ l.1~ 

..: ~ , , 
- ,(\ 
~ J I I 

, . ~ 
• Miche lle Pfeiffer a nd Danny DeVito in 

' Batman Retums' 

BabilM Retums 
Enter sequel number one. TIlere are few 

messages more mixed than the one con notated 
by, "It's even more of a Tim Burton film." 
"You're not bad for an old guy" comes imme-
diately to mind, but that's about it. TIle follow-
up to the 1990 blockbuster hit "Batman" has 
been described as even darker and weirder 
than its predecessor - and that 's the one that 
had Jack Nicholson discussing the virtues of 
enemas and danc ing to Prince. 

Michael Keaton returns in the title role, but 
minus Nicholson, Kim Basinger and Robert 
WuhJ.lbose are big shoes to fill , almost as big 
as the ones worn by Cesar Romero in the 
campy television series. However, it appears 
that Burton ("Edward Scissorhands," 
"Beetlejuice") has found his man -
and woman. Danny DeVito will star as 
a heavily made-up Penguin, complete 
with umbrella and fine- feathered 
friends. Forthe role of Cat woman, Bur-
ton had to settle for two-time Academy 
Award nominee Michelle Pfeiffer. after 
Annette Bening was called away by 
impending motherhood. Also in the cast are 
Quistopher Walken ("A View to a Kill ") and 
Salllrday Nigh, Lil'e alum Jan Hoo":.. 

Plot? What 's to know'? The Dark Knight 
battles two more bad guys. Film at II . 

Pablot Games 
In a nutshell - a really cramped nutshell 

- CIA anaIyst/history professor Jack Ryan 
thwarts an assass ination in England, and then 
is targeted for termination by the very terror-
iSIS he stopped_ 

This second Tom Clancy techno-thriller-
and the first of three contrJCted sequels -
takes to the big screen on June 5, but with a 
whole new look. Gone are "The Hunt for Red 
October" headliners Alec Baldwin and Sean 
Connery, replaced by Harrison Ford (Ryan), 
Anne Archer ("Fatal Attraction") and Patrick 
Bergin ("Sleeping with the Enemy"). TIlere ' s 
also a new director. Phillip Noyce ("Dead 
Calm") has wrested the megaphone from the 
hands of John McTieman("DieHard"). James 
Earl Jones, in the role of Admiral James Greer, 
will be the only major holdover. 

Oancy has reportedly expressed di.ssatis-
faction with the picture, but it doesn ' t matter. 
Paramount has his signature on the dOlled line. 
Next in the works: "Clear and Present Dan-
ger." 

IIoomeraIIg 
File this one away under stock premises . 

Eddie Murphy plays a debonair ladies' man 
who finally meets his match in a corporate 
executi ve played by Robin Gi vens (At th is 
point. you 're supposed to list a film in which 
she's starred for reference ' s sake, but Givens is 
best identified as the woman who married 
Mike Tyson), Meanwhile, Murphy's Marcus 
is oblivious 10 the true love of Angela (Halle 
Berry). who watches faithfully as he makes an 
ass out of himself. The story idea is Murphy's, 
and it might be a sign (along with the three 
flash ing neon billboards of "Harlem Nights," 
"Another 48 HRS," and " Beverly Hills Cop 
If') that his best comedic days are in the past. 
Example: A gimmick joke has G race Jones 
playing an exotic international s upermodel 
named Strdllge . 

Cool World 
Gabriel Byme ("Miller's Crossing") is car-

toonist Jack Deebs, who suddenly finds him-
self drawn into the two-dimensional world he 
created, which tums out to be his own subcon-
scious. Once there, a siren named Holli Would 
(Kim Basinger) with plans to escape into the 
real world, invites him into his wildest dreams. 
Meanwhile. a detective (Brad Pin of "Thelma 
and Louise,") works to keep them apart. 

"Cool World" marks the second major at-
tempt by a studio to combine live action with 
animation in a fu ll-length motion picture, after 
"Who Frame:i Roger Rabbit?," and it appears 
to be one of the more promising slimmer 

We can fill all of your sequel needs! Guaranteed!" 
person who's going to see this fi lm. 

The former sitcom stars team up as a 
suburban couple who sign up for 666 chan-
nels of Hellvision, after listening to a "de-
monically high-pre ssure" sa les p itc h. 
Hellvis ion 's channels reach Earth for the sole 
purpose of dragging new souls into the 
netherworld. TIley must survive 24 hours of 
life on the Devil's airwaves (including such 
shows as "Wheel of Torture") and one dia-
bolical trap after another, as their children 
look on from the comfort of thei r own home. 

This is not a joke. 

One Hot SUnmer 
Formerly titled "That Night ," " One Hot 

Surnmer" features Juliette Lewis as a 
popular teenage girl who gets involved 
with a hood at a bowling alley (C. 
Thomas Howell). and ends up preg-
nant. Eliza Dushku plays the IO-year 
old neighbor who idolizes Lewis, but 
learns a disillus ioning lesson in grow- , 
ing up. Lewis is a s izzling commodity 
after her Oscar- nominated perfor-

mance as the teenage. clau~hter in t.1ar:t in 
Scorsese's "Cape Fear," but she was working 
with N,c ].. No /te. JC»l. IC.l u.nJile .m'" kO~11 
DeNiro at the time. " One Hot Summer" will 
be the test of whether or not she can carry a 
film by herself. 

A League of TheIr Own 
One of the most continually publicized 

films in recent memory , " A League o f Their 
Own" (due in theaters in July) stars Tom 
Hanks . Geena Davis and Madonna as mem-
bers of the Rockford Peaches in a comedic 
look at the true story of the fonnation of TIle 
All-American Girls Baseball League in 1943. 
It also stars Lori Petty ("Point Break"), and 
comedians Jon Lovitt and Rosie O ' DonnelL 
Penny Marshall directed and produced it. 
Most of the hype has centered around Ma-

__ -- donna, as she once again tries 10 make a 
successful e ntry into the world of ac ting. In a 
bit of a stretch, she plays Mae, a player with a 
fast mouth and an even faster reputation. 

entries. But Basi nger's biting the hand that fed 
her by goi ng up agai nst " Batman Returns:' 
and in a summer loaded with potential block-
busters, "Cool World" might end up gelling 
squeezed out of the theaters. 

Honey, I Blew Up the KId 
Really. it's a family movie. Contrary to 

what most people probably wish, the kid is 
blown up in size . and not in fi gurJt ive speech. 
Rick Moranis returns fro m the su rprise 1989 
box office success "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" 
in hisroleas the irrepressible WayneSzalinski. 
In this installment, his latest contraption acci-
dentall y enlarges the you ng lad to the size of 
a doorframe. The summer is traditionally low 
on films the whole family is expected to see, 
which is the lone reason " Honey, I Blew Up 
the Kid"might surv ive longer than a hiccup in 
theaters. 

Class Act 
Rap duo Kid 'N Play ("House Party") star 

as a pair of diametically-opposite high school 
students (one ' s a rebel, the other's a nerd) 
whose school records are mistakenly switched. 
G iven this once-in-a-movie opponunity, they 
team up so that they can both reap the benefits 
of this wacky mistake. Also in the cast are 
si tcom stars Meshach Taylor (""Designing 
Women"), Karyn Parsons (""Fresh Prince of 
Bel Air") and Alysia Rogers CBoyz N the 
Hood"), 

Unforgiven 
Due in theaters in mid-August. 

"Unforgiven" is a good bettobe this summer's 

Mel Ma-ceIoIGu.wan 

sleeper hit. The cast boasts notables like Acad-
emy Award-stalwarts Gene Hackman , Mor-
gan Freeman and Richard Harris, but the 
biggest name o f a \l is Clint Eastwood. 
Eastwood, who also produces and d irects, 
stars as Will iam Munny,a former outl aw who 
has changed his ways. But he's drawn back 
into his old life, a long with his partner Ned 
Logan (Freeman). as they form a vigilante 
group to avenge an assault on a "woman of ill 
repute ." Along the way, he must confron t a 
corrupt sheriff (Hackman) who isn' t fond of 
revenge-seekers. Early response to theater 
trailers has beenenthusiastic,especially when-
eve r Eastwood sneers and glowers from be-
neath his Ste tson. 

twin Peaks: 
Fire Walk with Me 

David Lynch moves backward from the 
small screen to the big screen to tie up some 
- but not all - the loose ends surrounding 
his cult favorite. 

Kyle MacLachlan, Joan Chen, Michael 
Ontkean and the rest of Mayberry will be 
around for the weeks before Laura Palmer's 
death. Considering the audiencedrop-offdur-
ing the television series' run, this film will 
probably enjoy a short stay in theaters for the 
die-hard Lynchians. before boogying on to 
videotape. 

Stay Tuned 
John Ritter and Pam Dawber are featured 

in a taut, gripping drama about facing adver-
sity and overcoming the odds, 

If you bought that, you're probably the 

Mo' Money 
Columbia Pictures has covered all of i!s 

bases, labeling "Mo ' Money" an action-com-
edy-romance. Damon Wayansstarsas a smal l-
time hustler who gets out of the racket when 
he fall s in love and then is pulled back into a 
big credit card scam that threatens both his 
romance and his life. Wayans also wrote and 
produced the fi lm. Stacey Dash co-stars as the 
woman who steals his hean . Th is marks 
Wayans' second shot at a major big screen 
role, the other coming in "The Last Boy 
Scout." 

Single White Female 
And you thought you were going to make it 

through the summer without a psychological 
thriller. Bridget Fonda will star as a woman who 
places an ad in the newspaper for a roommate 
after breaking up with her boyfriend, Jennifer 
Jac;on-Leigh (""Fast Times at Ridgemont High:' 
"Rush") answers the ad, and then forms an 
obsessive anachment with Fonda. 

In this case. a talented cast and director-
Barbet Schroeder, nominated for an Oscar for 
"Reversal of Fortune" - might be able to 
compensate for a stock premise. Fonda is one of 
the honest young actresses in Hollywood right 
now. although her name isn't exactly the first 
word spoken at dinnertables around the country. 
She could be this summer's Julia Roberts. 

Incident at oglala 
Robert Redford is both producer and nar-

rator for this fi lm which examines the trial of 
Leonard Peltier. a Native American extra-
dited from Canada in 1975 and convicted in 
the murder of two FBI agents who illegally 
entered Sioux territory. "incident at Oglala" 
examines the U.S . government's treatment of 
Native Americans and whether or not Peltier 
received a fair trial. 

MOYi[ R[ViEW 

... BIt __ S igoumey Weaver in 'Alie n3.' 

'Alien3' Uves 
At Cost of 
Earlier Films 
By Jason Snell 
«;"r. If '~ff ~4, .' 

A bout 20 minute, into " Allen ': ' Sigoumey Weaver's chamcter Ripley 
wi tnesses a religiou~ ritual petformed by a 
handful of convicts on a far-off pri~on 
planet. As their voices recite religious 
images of death and rebirth, the prison's 
dog rolls over and plays ho.,t to the reborn 
alien menace f;tmiliar to fans of the series' 
two previous in~tallments. 

AddItIonal Review: Ron Howard's new film, 
'Far and Away' stars rea/life spouses Tom 
Cruise and Nicole Kidman. See .... H3 

But while the murderou~ alien menace 
and visions of movie studio profits may 
have retumed in this sequel , there's far 
more death than rebinh in "Alien'." 

Like Ridley Scon's ten!.e and claustro-
phobic "Alien," the script for this fi lm is a 
surviv.t1tale. with helpless humans tryi ng 
to escape from or kill one evil alien. Like 
l amec; Cameron ' !. large-scale and violent 
·'Aliens." the \Cript tries to play with the 
fonnula enough to make thi,; film measur-
ably different from the ones that came 
before it. 

This time, Ri pley crash-lands on a run-
down prison planet popu lated by a handful 
of convict~, two prison adminis trators and 
a chief medical officer. She's tended to by 
the doctor while an on-board alien 
implants itself in the unsu~pecting dog. 
After the monster bun-I.'> forth. chaos 
predictably en~ues. 

That's the catch - when Cameron 
made his sequel, he changed enough 
elements to make "Aliens" a va.-.tly 
different film. But "Alien'" seems more 
like a combinalion of its two predecessors 
than a film that can stand on its own. 

First-time feature film director David 
Fincher cenainly tries hard to make 
"Alien' " interesting to watch. Some of the 
supponing performers, especially Charles 
Dunon as head convict Dillon, mesh well 
with Weaver's Ripley . The film's climax, 
complete with a chase scene featuring 
shots from the alien's point-of-view. is 
original and exciting. 

But before filmgoers reach that point, 
they must sit through repeat killing scenes 
vaguely remini scent of "Alien" but 
essentially ~traig ht out of any cheap horror 
movie: per;on walks down hallway alone, 
ominous music plays , <,omething lurks in 
shadows. it moves. the person die.,. 

Most disappoint ing is that Finc her's 
film give~ Cameron'~ " Alien.," the same 
treatment that the " Alien'" monster gives 
to the prison dog: this film has to tear the 
heart out o f ih predece~l.or in o rder for it to 
live. 

See ALIEN, Page H7 



HIATUS H6 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mark 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or l/ighlight & Haircut 

8950 Villa La lolla Dr., Sle. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEA SE CALL 

en 
&&J 
::::i 
Q. 
Q. 
:::l 
en 

" Z 
-> 0 

~ 

l'IJ(~1"11111'Z ST~~~GE 
C 

I 

MOVE IN % :. C 
SPECIAL! ~ -t ::0 

C 
Free Truck Use (") 
with Move In. :,::: (J) 

452-1047 
5206 Eastgate Mall (off Miramar Rd.) 

:1./2 mile east of Genesee 

Study Japanese 
Culture in 

Oregon this Summer! 
with the re n l]apan 

ummer Pr gram 

• july 22 -August 29. 1992 (five weeks) ,t 
L~wi & ' Idrk ollege. Portland . reg n 

• Program fee of $ 1.700 mtillJes 
• Tu lt .on for 12 quarter hou r Ilt credit 
• RoomlboarJ at Lew. & la rk ,' llege 
• Book anJ material 
• F.cld trtp in PortlanJ. around Orc!!on. 

amI a -day ollege ued lr weekend 
• The program welcome undergrdduare 

students In any major \\,. th an Intere,t In 
jJpan Jnd its culture. Pre\,lOus japanc'e 
language stuJy .s preferred. but not required. 

• The program bring. wgcthcr the be't 
,I ademlC npcrt.;e In j,lpanc,": stuJ.c> fr"m 
Oregon anJ tmm \V,l>cda Uniwrsity. lme of 
j,lr.ln· mllse prcsr'gH)\I, In'tltutlon, 01 

h'l!h~r education. 
• The rrngr.lm "ffE'r" Hudent> ol lInlllliC 

,Ieademl l pporruniey 1m direct II1ICr,I(!IOn 
wl!h japanese tudems In the c\,I"nXlm. on 
tie ld trip S and cu ltural Henvll le,. and In 
Intercultural \'vlng. 

• h I, r,h,ps are available; Deadl.ne june 
I , 1992 

For a brochure and an application contact the Oregon/Japan Summer 
Program. International Office. Campus Box 192, Lewis & Clark College. 

Portland, Oregon 97219. TEL. (503) 768-7305; FAX (503) 768·7301. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, May 21, 1992 

WII_tHE SlONE AGE 
_ns tHE ROCK AGE. 

lDl--r _ .. __ on._ ... 
.. -..ec M.<If'IQ CCI&JIIUC»":" COIffIe 

-'--THAWING THIS SUMMER AT A THIATRI NIAR YOU 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

PRESIDENT'S WASHINGTON 

SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 

Financial Assistance in the form of a scholarship 
may be available to you for a D.C. internship if you 
meet the following requirements: 

• Sophomore status with at least 78 units at 
time of application; 

• Must demonstrate financial need; 
• 3.0 G.P.A. or higher; 
• At least one quarter of undergraduate study 

remaining upon return from the internship. 

SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION DEADLINE 
FOR SPRING OR SUMMER '93 D.C. 
INTERNSHIP IS OCTOBER 30, 1992 

Contact: Academic Internship Program 
3255 Literature Building 
534-4355 

Thursday, May 21,1992 The UCSD Guardian HiATUSH7 

AUEN 
Continued from page H4-5 

The point of "Aliens" was Ihat in saving 
the young girl Newt. Ripley has redeemed 
herself for losing her own daughter. Weaver 
was nominated for an Academy Award for 
her work in bringing that point home. 

But before the credits for "Alien'" are 
over. both Newt and Hicks. the olher survi vor 
of "Aliens." have been killed - immediately 
invalidating the importance of that film 's 
message. 

Fincher is not to blame for the tilm's 
failure - he 's no SCOII or Cameron. but still 
manages to make large ponions of the film 
visually inleresting when they might other-
wise be horribly boring. In addition. Ihe )ope' 
cial effects for the film are impressive. with 
Ihe alien creatu re being more realbtic and 
lifelike than in either of the previous Iilm~. 

FIaht of the Century-{)nce again Tom Cruise is the center of attention as he prepares to knock out his opponent. 
The fault for" Alien '" li e~ in the ~cript . and 

Ihe fault for the script lies with the film \ 
producers-one of whom is Weaver he r.;el f. 
An early screenplay was son of a cross be· 
tween " Alien" and "Blade Runner." But in the 
end. the media wizards who came up with 
"Alien '" decided to ~lIle on a tried-and-true 
screenplay. What they've crealed i ~ a mildly 
entenaining film that also manage)' to de!>troy 
theemire poinl of Cameron . s ('.rtfI'll/ely enter-
taining film. 

FAR 
ContInued from page H3 
lectual questioning. "Far and Away" could be 
thought of as a live-action version of the 
animated movies "American Tail" and "Feivel 
Goes West." 

With John Williams providing the 
soundtrack, "Far and Away" clearly make a 
dash for epic greatness. In a few scenes, 
though, the film score outweighs the imagery 
-a common problem in summermoviesand 
Steven Spielberg films scored by Williams. 

As Shannon, the daughter of a rich Irish 
landlord. Nicole Kidman plays her role with 
a '90s sensibility. In the same mold of "Robin 
Hood: Prince of Thieves'" Marian or Belle 
from the recent "Beauty and the Beast," 
Kidman plays Shannon as a strong-willed 
woman who's clearly ahead of her time. Al-
though Kidman gets a fair amount of scenes 

and action. "Far and Away" focuse ' more on 
its epic scenery and Tom Cruise. 

The first film shot in 70mm Penavi ion 
since Disney's "Tron"( 1982). "Farand Away" 
i loaded with sweeping scenery and delailed 
historical settings. The OkJahoma Land Rush 
scenes scoreh the screen but the scenery is 
wasted in mall mall-multiplex theaters. In 
the mall theater showing the sneak preview. 
the small screen couldn't handle the film 's 
width. Even worse. the young members of the 
preview audience yawned during the long. 
wide shots of scenery. For most viewers. the 
main visual spectacle of "Far and Away" is 
Tom Cruise. 

With his million-dollar smile. Tom Cruise 
is perfect for the role of Joseph. the illiterate 
son of an Irish tenant fanner. Cruise smiles 
and projects his laser stare in place of long 
dialogue or dramatic acting - features that 
hinder a youth-oriented summer movie. The 

Free rides 
for 

college students. 
If you've decided to pack it in for 

the summer, call Shurgard. We'll send a 
free Ryder truck to collect your stuff, and 
we'll head straight for Shurgard. This 
way you won't have to haul everything 
home for the summer, and your parents 
can brag that you've earned a free ride. 

Call your friendly Shurgard 
manager for an appointment. 

til 
SHlRiARD' 
S'TORN3E CENTERS 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755-7515 

camen! hangs around Tom Cruise like a 
groupie on high doses of caffeine. From bare 
chest shots. to close-ups detailing the young 
actor's butt-crJck. " Far <lnd Away" captures 
Cruise like a cinematic copy of Teen Beat 
magazine. 

But the film doesn' t forget male fans of 
Cruise weaned on his "Top Gun" stud poten-
tial : Cruise gets to use a gun. ride an untamed 
horse, wear an Indiana Jones outfit. and reign 
as a bare-knuckle boxing champ. 

From the bare-knuckle fight scenes 10 the 
visually sweeping land rush scenes. "Far and 
Away" leaves no cinematic button unpushed. 
The film works as great summer entenain-
menl - there are no deep questions or 
lingering social commenlary to spoillhe ride. 
Piloting the film on feel-good automalic pilot. 
director Ron Howard has crafted an Irish saga 
that will definitely be seeing green this sum-
mer. 

Still, it' s not fair to compare the film to its 
predecessor;, Unfortunately , " Alien '" ClJlI be 
compared to manipulative films like the "Fri-
day the 13th" and " Nightmare on Elm Street" 
series. 

"Alien '" has a nicer look. bigger budget, 
and beller perfonnances than those films. but 
its seemingly-endless repetilion of death 
scenes we've seen innumerable times before 
is all too familiar. One has to wonder if the 
embryo of "Alien IV: The Final Chapte r" is 
already growing in theche~ t s of cynical movie 
executives. 

457-loGo 
• Fine Chinese Cuisine 
• Freshly Made to Order 
• Delivered Free, to Your Door 

J; Mrll1'1m3, : :.":"~: ': 5tea~.K. 
FREE with every order 

I FRIDAY-SUNDAY I 
I Buy any entree at regular I 
I price and get a second one of I WEEKDAYS 
I the same or lesser value for I I 
I $350 I I Mention this ad and get a FREE EGGROLL & 

FREE son DRINK 
I just I I L __________ .J I 

L U N C H 
Portions from just $3" COMING 

SOON 
PRIZES .. .. 
IN EVERY 
FORTUNE 
COOKIE! 

: with any dinner entree L __________ .J 

I Our Menu Includes: 
I Hoi 'N Crispy Vegelorian Sizzle 
I Pepper Sleak Orange Peel 
I Chow Mein Kung Pao 
I La Mein Hat & Spicy 
I Beef & Broccoli Moo Goo Gai Pan 

Sweel & Sour Fried Rice 
Cashew Chicken 

OPEN 7 DAYS 11 am-10 pm CAU NOW! 
457·Tooo 
3211 Holiday Court 

off of Villa La Jolio Inear Col Copy) 



I 
• I 

H8 HiATUS 

INDIGO 
ContInued from paee H2 
you apologized for being 
...... y.' 

Yeah, that kind of happened to 
me a 101. It wa<;n ' t like I wasn ' t 
feeling the mu ic. I was feeling the 
music, I just wasn' t able to feel it 
with everyone else. 
In ......... to tIaM, then, how 
do you ...... the succee ..... 
affected your relationship 
with your listeners' 

Well , our listeners are greal. In a 
positive way , because of our suc-
cess we have more listeners. The 
only bad thing that I think could 
ever happen is if you get too suc-
cessful , people feel abandoned. 'Cuz 
I kno w I've liked groups before, and 
then they become really successful , 
and it kind of takes away that gmss 
roots sort of edge to them. But it 'sall 
a good thing. The l i~ teners are really 

'upport ive, panicularly the college 
rJdio scene. We've been able to get 
where we are without much he lp 
from regular radio. It 's all been like 
a very grassroots sort of college 
altemative scene - people willing 
to do reviews of our record, inter-
views - a very personal kind of 
thing. And that 's how we want it to 
be. 
WhM do you thII* Mout ..t-
.. tIIIIt ........... '.-eIl' 
look with e¥eIY ........ , I'm 
tlllnking lIere of Mell._ 
EtIIertdge, who Is • frtend of 
yours. It ........ her record 

~y Is trying to ....... 
........ ' ...... 

[/auxhs. J Well, do n ' tlet her fool 
ya. It 's not j u t her record company. 
Any ani t that let a company do 
that to them, it's ju t as much the ir 
fault. I th ink that every artist is self-
determined to some extenl. Meli ' a 
and I always had different ideas 

La Jolla Symphony and Chorus 
in concert with the 

San Diego Master Chorale 
Thomas Nee and David Chase, conductors 

Dvorak - Carnival Overture 

Vaughan Williams - Dona Nobis Pacem 
an anti-war cantata based upon 
Walt Whitman's Civil War poems 

Mussorgsky - Pictures at an Exhibition 
Vladimir Ashkenazy orchestration 

SAT., MAY 23 - 8:00 PM 
SUN., MAY 24 - 3:00 PM 
UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 

Tickets : $5 - $10 
La Jolla Symphony Office 

Ticketmaster & at the door. 
Telephone: 534-4637 

Go On Vacation for $89 

5'x5' 
589 Student Special 

for the Summer Plus A Lock 
11\ JmJlln~ hIm mu(h 'lUll VIlU (In ,rJm IIlIIl (lne PlIllh( 'wrJge rCIlIJI 'pa(c li'r the IUnlOler II' cl(n 
mort' JnWUl)! ho\\ lillie IIlll'lI pJI 9 pJII lor J ~ \~ IpJl( Jnd J 10 .. I,hl(h Ifill (In cep 'wI. 
II hen Ill" ~o on IJ(Jli<ln Jnd Itofe I,'m 'lUll IIlIh I'uhh, \h\f.l~C IU'I 'ho\\ IIllir ' IUdI'm JI) dnd tJKe 
J,hJIlIJ~C 01 our 'UI11Ola I JdllOIl 'J'<'(ul lI'nlc ,1111' ,he. Jnd hJle J grcJt IJdUOn 

~PUBLIC 
III STORAGE 
RENTAL SPACES 

• Fumiturc, sport equipment 
• Hau chold goods, books 
• Busines tor Jgc, too 
• Temporary or long term 

--------- \VithThi oupon ----- ---_ 

$89 Student SpecialS'xS ' for the Summer Plus A Lock 
Just Show Your Student ID 

• ORRENTO 
I. rim PUBLIC 11303 Sorrento Valley Road 

STO RAG E· 2 Blocks nonh of Union Bank I Sorrroto Vallry Rd. & m nto Valle), Blvd. 
I RENTAL SPACES 453-6100 I 
I 'Sub;«1'0 m,l>bility on "k<ted..,.., only. Loout 01\( 1fI>C' p<r ....... N .... rtn"b • 
L onJ)'· DoaOOCindudt.pphabk"""",. r .... Off""p' .... M.t 31. I09l. v D'll .J 
------------------------

The UCSD Guardian 

about the music world - he' al-
way been maybe a bit more busi-
nes -minded than I have. Sure, I 
think her record company wanted 
her to be more mainstream, but in 
the end it's her decision, you know. 
You hould be involved with your 
career, and you hould make sure 
you ' re aware of what' going on, 
and ifthing are happening that you 
don't want to happen you should 
say things about it. 
When I look .. M ••••• '. new 
.... m, It ...... nNIIIy differ-
.... from .... stuff .... did 
before, ... I ... It _ ......... 
tiIIIIy .............. ...... 
.........lw_w .......... 1f 
you,..,. ev_ fMr.......,tIuIt, 
or If It'. eYell .............. you 
CGnSIder ...... you write your 
...... 

I don ' t even con ider it, because 
I j u t write my mu ic, you know. 
That would be too calculated . You 

know what, though? Things are 
gonna happen that are gonna alien-
ate people, and you can't control it. 
y_ .... IIIIIIy ....... .... 
........ fIftII .......... ' •• 
-........... -
ycMI've ...... 1 ....... yo. 
.. , 

It' great Me and Emily, we're 
like isters, you know. I'm lucky. 
It 's Emily that's so good, because 
I'm actually hard to get along with. 
I think. 
RuIIy? WIly Is tIuIt? 

I have a bad temper. And I like to 
control things. I'm an Arie . And 
Emily ' really good, she can get 
along with anybody. So I think I've 
gotten really lucky. She 's fun to 
play with, fun onstage, she 's hu-
morous, and she's very willing to 
try thing, new ideas. 
youtwo ...... to~ 
.... oilier w ... EmIy' ..... 
sic I.more~ ..... mellow, 

Thursday, May 21,1992 

... yaws Is IUIIy p •• I ... 
1Ite, .......... out. 

Yeah. And thank god, 'cuz a 
whole album of either one of our 
songs would probably get to be a 
rea) drag! Like, 'Stop already, I've 
heard enough!' 

You know what, I have to go 
now - I have to go talk to another 
person now who just showed up 
with a t-shirt design, he' a local 
artist. 
01(. .............. -
• ....... rve ..... ......... 
IIIC for y .... WIly·....., 
.... " 

No big reason. We needed a 
name, and I was looking in the dic-
tionary for id~, and I saw the word 
'indigo, ' and I looked at the defini-
tion and I liked it. thought it sounded 
pretty cool. so I called Emily up and 
she said 'that sounds all right to me.' 
It's kindofa funny name. We never 
knew it would go this far. 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAr. 
This checklist will help you 
answer aJ.!. of them. 
~ Kaplan makes test prep convenient. L!:J With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 

~ Kaplan helps you manage your time. L!:J Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 
on, before they hurt your performance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value. L!:J Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped 
more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 

fA2 Kaplan is the industry leader. L!:J 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources 
it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1-80O-KAP-TEST 
if c 

Kaplan Test Prep 
[!?r The Answer 

Q 1992 Stanll'Y H. Kaplan Educa tional Center ltd. 

USED 11 
LEVIS 

New, leather 

BIKER 
JACKETS 

from $99 
UNIQUI YIN'IAGI GW 
- Retro thru 21 st Century-

Hawaiian • Military • 
Flower Power • Cool shades & 

T-shirts 
COSTUMES 

'- ' -t- . ., I • ' I 
4879 N,,,po" A •• nu • • 0 a. 222·0220 

EARN up to $100 
We need five subjects 

of either sex for an 
experiment on 

C olor Coding and Vis ual 
Search 

If interested, come to 
Room B 556 
McGill Oall 
and ask for 

narvey Smallman 
or ull bim at x 43924. 

Congratulations 
Alpha Chi Omega 

LISA-JA ALCARAZ Cbartn 9as. s 
ALESHA ANDREW ~ f ~.,.~. 
J ENNtfER ARMSTRONG Iltif . V 
ANIKO BALAS 
J EN IFER BATAC 
ANGELICA BAY RDO 
M ANJU BHAVNANt 
LAU RA BLOCK 
A GELA BoDtLY 
KRISTINA BoUCHTON 

ELLEN JOHNES 
SHERI KANG 

ERI LEVACK 
WENDyMA 

NEENA MALIK 
CAROLYN MANALO 

KRISSY MATS NO 
EMILY MILLS 

MEGAN MONTCOMERY 
AMANTHA OsHEROf)' 

Out with the old and In with Iota Nu 


