
Elsewhere 
UCD PolIce Create 
Antf.hc.t.,. T_ 
DAVIS - Just two years after its 
inception. the UC Davis Police 
Departmenr ha<i actuaIed an 
emergency respon<ie learn. The 
learn is designed 10 protect !he 
campus from a hostage silUation or 
adler extreme emergencies. There 
will be two tmits incaporaled inlO 
!he program; a neg~ learn 
and a counter-sniper learn, lotaling 
nine membed Developmenl ci 
!he program began in October 
1991, and il is currently facing 
strong opposition from within !he 
police department and !he student 
body. 

UCLA S.aks to AId 
LaId-off Faculty 
LOS ANGELES - Staff and 
faculty al UCLA, who have been 
laid off, will now receive help in 
1000000gjobs. "Job Oub" is a new 
program started by UCLA's 
Office of Campus Human 
Resources 10 help faculty who are 
uffering from stress and depres-

sion fmd jobs. Workshops on 
inteJViewing skills, resume writing 
and budgeting are also available. 
The program was put inlo place 
after more than 200 employees 
were laid off because of recenl 
SIale budge! cuts. 

Student Sues UC 
Regents Ov_ Fees 
DAVIS - UC Davis graduaIe 
student Greg Goehring has filed a 
civil suil against the UC Board of 
Regents. Goehring claims !hat 
paying his registration fees are a 
violation of his constitutional 
rights. Goehring refuses to pay his 
fees because he claims the regents 
finance organizations which he 
doesn't support or agree with. UC 
lawyer Ouistopher Patti says 
Goehring "doesn't have much of a 
case." 

Kidnapping at UCSB 
SANTA BARBARA - 19-year-
old UCSB studenl Ryan Cunis 
was reportedly kidnapped al 
gWlpoinl and held captive for two 
weeks, during which time an 
$800,(0) ransom was demanded 
of his father. He was Ialer released. 

Inside 

CROWING 
1lATUS: The Black Crowes 
mixed polical commentary and 
an elecoic performance. S1 

SPORTS: Men's soccer losl 
1-0 to Southern California 
College Monday. 18 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS •......•...••............ 2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES .............. 3 
OPINION ............................... 4 
mAnIS ....................... ....... ID 
CLASSIFlEDS •.......... ..•........•. 12 
SPORTS ....•.........•..••...•......•. 16 

UCSANDIEGO 

Tossing 
and 

Turning 
Through 

the 
Pickle 
Family 
Circus 

, H E u 

1HURSDAY, ocroBER 22, 1992 

Photos by Oan McDowell/Guardian 
Bill Forchlon displays his Juggling prowess during 
Tuesday night'. performance at Mandeville Auditorium. 

"Good evening plants, ani-
mals and minerals of every per-
suasion." 

San Francisco's Pickle Fam-
ily Circus visited UCSD's 
MandevilleAuditorium Tuesday 
night. The troupe gave an acro-
batic rendition of one man's 
sleepless evening. 

The insomniac was visited by 
the Sandman, a rag doll, and more 
cool leaps, flips and juggles than 
you can shake a stick at. 

Plclde Fmly acrobats put their faith In Xu 
Qlng Fa _ he elves through the hoop. 

Conference Examines L.A. Riots 
RACE: The UCSD Ethnic Studies 
Department hosted a weekend 
discussion on last spring's violence 
By Stephaan Harris 
Guardian Reporter 

The media, the economy and racism were dis-
cussed as possible causes of the Los Angeles riots 
dwing a two-day discussion al UCSD. 

Experts from around the SIale gathered on Oct. 16 
and 17 for the Ethnic Studies Department's confer-
ence, "After !he Smoke Has Oeared: Race and 
Ethnicity in the Future of Los Angeles." 

The two-day-Iong forum examined race relations 
surrounding !he Los Angeles riots !hat were touched 
otfhN May by !he acquinal of three of the four police 
officers accusedofbeating Rodney King. Theconfer-
ence specifically targeted !he social, economic and 
political issues !hal have appeared in !he aftermadl. 

A total of 15 speakers and panelists, representing 
the fields of commWlication. education and law, 
examined the racial and ethnic issues that have come 
out of !he riots. 

'.1'he LA rebellion was one of the mOSI signifi-
cant events in American hislory. Pent -up anger over 
pas! injustices and great conflicts vented in violent 
form. There needed 10 be a discussion about the 
theoretical issues thaI have been raised in the after-
rnalh," said Ethnic Studies Departmenl Chair Ramon 
Gutierrez. 

Angela Oh of !he Korean Bar Associalion. who 
also served on the Special Committee on the LA. 
crisis. said that cooflicts between ethnic groups, 
especially in Los Angeles, resulted from lack of 
resoun:es, reinforced stereotypes and the inability of 
people 10 effectively cornWlicare with, and 1eam 
about one another. Oh believes !he laner problem is. 

See RIOTS, Page 7 

c 

VOLUME 77, I UE 9 

New Reporl 
Lambasts 
UC Perks 
BENEFRS: New UC President 
Jack Peltason and the regents to 
refonn top executives' bonu es 
By Lamlne Seeka 
Associate News Editor 

The University of California 's top adm inistrators 
may lose many of !heir accustomed benefits follow-
ing a recent report released by retired Scate legisla-
tive Analyst A Alan Post. 

Post was appointed by the UC Office of !he 
President to examine !he current execulive benefil 
programs. He severely criticized the deferred in-
come packages and similar compensation programs 
thal are awarded to top execulives. 

The report prompced !he UC Board of Regents to 
call a special meeting on Oct. 5 at UCLA to discuss 
ways 10 implement some of Post's recommenda-
lions to reduce or eliminate the unnecessary benefits. 

"II is a complex issue of public trust," Post said in 
his report. ·'1 have become very conscious of !he 
damage thaI has been done to the relationships 
between the university administration and the fac-
ulty, !he public and !he legislature." 

Post said Ihal there is a widespread belief Ihallop 
UC execulives have been benefiting from a series of 
covert compensation increases. As a resull. many 
people within I.he universilY, as well as in the public 
sector, are beginning to lose faith in the system. he 
added. 

The most pressing issue, Post said. is the deferred 
income program. which sets aside extra money for 
lOp executives' relirement. The report states that 
deferred income "understates the actual salary of !he 
executives" in an attempc 10 cover up the inevitable 
adverse reaclions thai would arise if !he full amounts 
were made public. 

According 10 his report one of !he reasons these 
benefits remain inlaCl is due 10 !he Subcommittee on 
Oftkers' Salaries and Administrative Funds, which 
operates under the Finance Committee. 

'"II was in Ihis subcommittee where much of lhe 
actual decision-making on compensalion took 
place," Post said "Some regents were outspoken in 
criticizing !he private committee luncheon meetings 
where several regents ... effectively resolved signifi-
cant compensation issues." 

See REPORT, Page 7 

Co-op Grievance 
Hearings Begin 
By Albert Glrabaldl 
Guardian Reporter 

The studenl C<H>PS are attempcing to force !he 
university 10 pay the repair costs incurred during the 
administration's attempt to shul down the C<H>PS to 
obtain audil materials in January. 

The c\osed-door grievance hearing has been 
underway in the Medical Center's Basic Science 
Building since lasl Monday, and !hey will continue 
alleast through nexl week, said General Slore Senior 
Oerle Randy Corpuz. 

'1'he hearings were supposed to last for about a 
week, but !he lalest estimate J have heard is [that they 
will last until) sometime around Nov. 8.·'saidCorpuz. 

Members of !he public and the press have been 
barred from entering the hearing room. 

The administnllion and !he co-<>ps have declined 
10 commenl further until !he end of !he hearings. 

• 



2 NEWS 

Student Opinion Sought in 
Third Presidential Debate 
DECISION '92: An electronic town hall puts a new 
twi t on an old idea, allowing voters a chance to be heard 
By Julie Pik 
Guardian Reporter 

With the help of TelePolI's Elect-
ronic Town Hall and 5th Medium, stu· 
dents at UCS D voiced their opinions on 
both the candidales and the issues of 
Monday's ~ideOlial debate. 

The prel>idential debate was Mlown on 
a large screen in the Price Center 1l1eater. 
A5 each candidate presented a question-
able ~tatement.the issue wasdil,played on 
a computer monitor. 
Using an electronic de-
vice. each viewer then 

regi~eredtheiropiniOl1l> 
on a ale from one to 
\even. 

ate a con sen us on the validity of 
Clinton's assenion~ about his draft 
record 

MO!>I students agreed on a need for 
both economic and political change. 

Thepollsshowedthalthemajorily of 
the MudenlS recognized the need for a 
federal balanced budget amendment, as 
well . 

Rellecring the dynamic! of the oc-
lua! debate. Ross Perot was the only 

candidate who was noc 
thoroughly alUlCked. 
Many , tudents ap-
plauded Perot for his 
em~is on action. 

CenuaJ i.,,~ ues per-
tammg to the debate. 
varying from the 
candidate \ character to 
specific policit:>. were 
re-empha.,ized on the 
computer monitor. ll1e 
viewers ' opinions were 
Iiller broken down into 
percentages. 

.. I felt like I 

Although opinion 
wa.~ splil on whether 
Perot could actually 
break lhe gridl k on 
government. 74 per-
cent of the p;uti ipat-
ing students vOled 
Perot a~ the winner of 
this debate, while 

Fifth College~ho­
more LaUr.l Gallmeyer 
.. aid thaI Ihe town hall 
wa., very elTeclive In 
meeting the po litical 
I1CC(b of Mudenl,. 

I ........ more 
fromthl ...... 
tlcua. debate 

I inIon and BtL<J'1 fol -
lowed behind with 25 
percent and one per-
cent. re.<,pectively . than the others 

"1 felt like I learned 
more frol1llhi~ /XIflICU-
lar debate than the oth-
r r.. because I was more 
IIwolved in il ruJd had 3 

because I was 
more Involved 
In It and [I] had 
a ...... of 
.,.-tIdpation. " 

Due to technical 
problems with audio 
and Picture at the be-
ginning of the debale. 
man y ~tudc/1ts left the 
the<ucrwithoutpanici-
p.uing III the Electronic 
Town Hall. Many of 

...:n\e of panICip,lIion:' ~he ..aid. 
Ele<.:tronic Town Hall i, a contempo-

1':11) ~e",ion of the IT.lditional town hall 
moclillg~. 

By recording the vote~ofeJCh viewer 
electronically. il allow~ people 10 deler-
minc :.1 group'~ COll.'.CnML' about the ~­
,ues diSCtL~. 

5th Medium b a non-pani!>an. non-
profircomp;U1yworJ...ing wilhTelePolI to 
give Ihe gencr.tl publi a g~ter aware-
n ,of polit i ·ali \.~ues. ChrisBuifounded 
5th Medium \even yC<tn ago 10 engage 
more people in the political proces.'>. To-
gether. the two orgrulizat ion..; fe.1turcd the 
last pre!>idential debate at UCSD and 
introduced their novel method of public 
participation. 

Most opinions renected the Demo-
CT:llic tendencies of the majority of the 
audience. Re~ults ~howed th:11 65 percent 
of participants believed that Governor 
Clinton 's Job Progr,ull would help build 
a \table job Ixc,e in the U.S, 

Eighty-five percent agreed that the 
Republicans were employing "dirty-
tricks" to anack their opponenl~. Presi-
dent Bush's repeated illtackson Clinton's 
'·pan.em of trying to have it both ways on 
al l is.<.ue. ... were met with ridicule' and 
laughter. 

Eight-three percent ~d th.1t Bush 
focused too much on Clinton's record 

But even the democratic majority in 
the Price Center Theater couldn't gener-

the over I students 
\\.-ho tumed out for til debale left before 
the difficultl~ were com:cled. 

One ,Iudenl remart..ecl. " I felt l i ~e 
my opinion., real ly manered and thi~ 
l<:elmg gOI me more 1I11~led in all of 
the i",ues. Thi~ type of progmrn ~hould 
be a ailable nationwide. II would get 
more peoplclO beawareand involved in 
public affain. ... 

Fifth College sophmore Karis.-.a Ellis 
commented. "I thought the technical 
difficulties cau~ M>f11C problems. A, 
for people leaving in the beginning ... 
the results would have becn more inter-
esling if more people were there. I also 
Ihough it was interesting that Pel'O( was 
clearly the winner of the debate. but (I] 
didn 't think that they would actually 
vote for him:' she said. 

"It's a good idea if it could be used 
over a more broad-based area, and get 
the politic ia~ aware of the public's 
opinion. but Ihen again, politicians may 
stan telling lies. ju"t to please the 
viewer." EIIi~ added 

Aftenhedebale. discussion on some 
of the i~ue~ wa, led by Bui. 

"What we do when we just hear the 
issue b different from being given the 
chance to re:,pond vertJaJl y Also. in Town 
Hall. there is more of a discu ·sion. not a 
debate, ncr an argument. but more of a 
working together:' he pointed out. 

" Just imagine IOO.CUlpeoplecloing 
what you are doing today," Bui added. 

The UC D Guardian Thll..,..la~' . Oc-toll4'r 22. 1992 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watter on 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~.l\L mr 
CLOS£R . 

\ .,~ ~~. 

~--------------~ 

1t'U. 81: 1'\lE ()4 'IOI\? LE1's 
lAST TI\~ 5££ IF ~ov 
'W l"I£i 00, ~IGI\1 ~ ~~L~ 

'«JJ ~LEA loS 'iOO 1\1~~ 
F(~'ST.' 

----

Diving Officer Emeritus Honored 
Jim Stewart. diving officer emeritus of Scripps Insti-

tution of Oceanography, was honored recently with the 
Pioneer Award of the American Academy of Underwater 
Sciences for his contributions to the advancement of 
scientific diVing. 

Stewart began dIVing at the Scripps Institution as a 
volunteer in 1952, back when the practice of scuba 
dIVing to collect scientific information was being deve~ 
oped. He became an employee of Scripps in 1956 and 
served as the diving officer from 1960 until 1991 when 
he retired. 

Stewart's contributions to the diving community 
include the development of many techniques and much 
of the equipment that is used today by research divers. 
He has also managed the nation's largest non-govem-
mental research diving program which has since be-
come the model for safe and effICient conduct of diving 
programs throughout the world. 

Currently, Stewart is a member of the State of 
California Par1<s and Recreation Department Board on 
Underwater Parks and Reserves, and serves as a 
consultant to the U.S. Coast Guard, National Aeronau-
tics and Space Administration, the FBI, U.S. Army 
Special Forces, and the National Parks Service, 

ChemIstI r Professor Receives 
Dreyfus foundation Aw .... 

Robert Continetti, assistant professor of chemistry 
at UCSD, is the latest recipient ofthe Camille and Henry 
Dreyfus Foundation'S New Faculty Award for 1992. 

The Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation is ded~ 
cated to the advancement and support of chemicat 
research. As the recipient of the award, Continetti wi" 
recieve $25,000. 

Continetti joined the UCSD Chemisby department 
thiS year and has a Ph.D. from UC Berkeley. His 
research deals with the isolation and examination of 

various chemical species that are present in combus-
t ion and atmospheric oxidation processes. 

Undsey String QIa1et to Play 
at Mandeville AucItorIum 

The Lindsey String Quartet wi" perform a new work 
by composer Sir Michael Tippit at 8 p.m. Saturday, Oct-
31, in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

The new work, which is titled 'Quartet No. 5,· will be 
performed along with Haydn: Quartet in C, NO.2, and 
Schubert: Quartet in D minor, No.14: "Death and the 
Maiden." 

' Quartet No. 5' was commissioned for the Lindsey 
String Quartet by the UC Chamber Music Committee, 
Chamber Music Chicago and a number of other music 
committees. The Lindsey Quartet. which has had a long 
association with Tippit. won the 1990 British Classical 
Music Award in the Chamber Ensemble category and 
has performed at major concert halls throughout the 
country for the past 10 years. 

This performance will be the first of the season for 
the 1992·93 UCSD Chamber Music Series. 

Ov.-l0,OOO ......... e In 
Beach CleBlHlP Effort 

More than 10,000 people took part in the annual 
Sea World and I Love A Clean San Diego County, Inc. 
(ILACSOC) on Oct. 3. This year's turn out represents the 
largest clean-up effort of its kind in the nation. 

More than 100 miles of beach and bay from 
Oceanside to Me~ico was rid of nearly 20,000 pounds 
of trash and recyclable items. 

The October beach clean-up was held in conjunction 
with the statewide beach clean-up program co-spon-
sored by the Califomia Coastal CommiSSion, Lucky 
supermarkets, and PepsI. 

GiJAilliiN FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor SENIOR ST,," WMTtRS: Jenny Gala"" . Dan Krauss. Mattl1ew Robinson STAfJ' WIIIT£RS: Elaine Camuso. Klrslen Halverson, Gaye Johnson. RodefIck lee. Theresa Moor • . Murall "'OOIthy. Ely Raban l. Kara Saul. Julie Shefman D£SIQN CONSUlTANTS: "'iguel Buckenmeyer. James Collier IllUSTRATORS: Nathan Enln. Speed Farris . jennifer Hart. Alan lundCren . 
Adriano Mu/\oz. Katie Roe . AI Soonc 

"'" OOSD a...a.., Is 1'tIiSh!d Mor'cI.l!> ..., ~ cUt-c lilt _ ",a- Of "" III lilt stucIeItS 
d l.CSD ~dllu_ .. ""bm. ""'I!let In_"In~Wllt<Upenn...."IsSVtal)' 

~. C l992. II ~ It"""". "'" OCSO~ ~ .... ~ for lilt rn.m d II1SOicf1eG 
~ 01111. "", .ews eJI)ItSStd in pncsand ~ Iot!ffs .. ~ do .... reassarty 
_1IIt_d"", OOSD _1IIt~d~ .. 1t'e As5OOaI!<15oJdofts. "'" I.CSD _Is U'O!G ~ OJ _~ WM, _1IJoI.t ~ lolIes. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC satMlDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON II EDSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

BEN FREU'W, Features Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 

ROGER KlJO, Graphics Editor 
DAN Mc:DOWEU.. Photo Editor 

PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
JEW NESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON RlTCHE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
lAMNE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

GfEGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

\lESlQNDI$: WIlson Cnellna. Theresa M)'ltle. Katie Roe 
~TOGIIAI'I4D1$: Sidart Dell , Sklney lyncn. Paul Mackey. JennlferMatthews . 
lor! Milcheli . Chuck Nguyen . jennifer vann 
COPY READEIIS: Michelle Chi..,.. Non Miller. 01"1<1 Raowin. jessie Silr1n&er 
ADYERTlSINQ AlllSTANT: T .... Eoff 

108 IIWJlIDIIU, BuslflHt ",."., 
MICHAII. FOWlS, ~ MInItIW 
.. MAATINIZ, AMttIskW ~ 

E. I.EI8H HIJIIIIY, ClassIIItJd ~./ve 
Edrtonal: 5J4.6580. Business 0IfIce: 534-3466. F .. : 534-7691 
UCSD a ....... 9500 Gilman Drf¥e 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Actu.' _ : _ Floor. UCSO _ Cent., .. ""'" .• . 

Thursday, October 22, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

New Martial Arts Oass Teaches No Rules 
KRAV MAGA: Israeli style of self-defense emphasizes 
reflexes in hand-to-hand combat 
By Billy Hwanc 
GlJardian Reporter 

Krav maga. the Wlique. no-holds-
barred martial arts 1echnique will be 
taught at UCSD this quarter. The Israeli 
national ySlem of self-defense has al-
ready been a&pted by many military 
and police organizations throughout the 
United States. 

Fifth College senior Jonathan Pas-
cal introduced the San Diego commu-
nity to krav maga last April when he 
taught his rll"St class. 

Krav maga, or contact combal, of-
fers a uniq ue alternative to other manial 
arts in its emphasis on defense and 
irnpLicity. The system uses very practi-

cal renex-Like l'C<lCtions and hand-to-
handcombat.ru; well as weapon attacks. 

"It's based on naturnl. instinctive 
movements which makes it easy to 
learn a great rumount in a hort period of 
time," PascaJ said "It·s different from 
other mania! arts because many martial 
arts are for port, but kra v maga has 110 
competition and no rules because rules 
limitA person must be able to do what-
ever they can to defend themselves in a 

rime of need Anything goes in krav 
maga including biting. if necessary ••. 
it's not ru; stylized as other martial arts. 
The movements areshonerandquicker 
which make it more effective." 

At age 2 L, PascaI is the youngest 
certified and licen.'ied black belr instruc-
tor in the U niled States. p..JSC3i r II"SI 
Slalted instruction in San Diego last 
April. 

"I knew that it would catch on ex-
trell1ely quickly because it's different 
than anything anyone had ever seen." 
Pascal said. " I knew people would en-
joy it." 

Pascal is sure that krav maga will be 
as benerlCialto hi students ru; it has been 
to him. 

. 'It's one of the biggest influences in 
my life," Pascal said ,·It's taught me a 
lot about seLf-respect. dignity. security, 
and confidence," he said. 

ChrislOpher Diocloardo, a Third 
College senior and krav maga student, 
agreed with Pascal. 

"One of the key things that I founel 
was an overall conrKlence in myself," 
Diodoordo said "I had this feeling of 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Fee Increases-In his weekly report, A.S. President Mike Holmes included a 
letter from Student Regent Alex Wong concemlng the probable fee increases 
for next year. A minimum $450 per student increase is the current expected 
charge for the 1993-94 year. In the letter. Wong said he will oppose the 
increase, but realistically, it must be passed due to the budget shortfall this 
year. A proposal to create differential fees, or the imposing of additional fees 
on pre-professional m~ors such as medicine and law, will be discussed at the 
November meeting as a possible altematlve to a base-rate fee increase. Wong 
urged UC student councils to pass resolutions on this issue of differential fees , 
and to verify their stance on the issue so that he can better represent the 
student interests with his vote. In addition, Wong expressed concem over 
passing a differential fee increase proposal because of the effect on 
underrepresented students in pre-professional majors. With the financial 
burden that many minority and low-income students face now, an additional fee 
increase in medicine and law would further discourage them from entering 
these professions, he wrote. President Holmes agreed to opPose differential 
fees because of the unfair financial burden put on pre-professional majors. 
Concentrating the fee increase on that small of a percentage of students will 
only result in "professional schools [becoming] even more inaccessible to 
minorities," Holmes said. 

New Indicator Accounts-The council voted to unfreeze the new indicator 
newspaper's accounts, after freezing them for going over budget by $3,000. 
As a result, $3,000 will be subtracted from the new indicator's account for this 
year. This issue was debated at length. Commissioner of Communications 
Sharon Oh felt that the organization should have to raise funds to replace the 
money which had been used. Mike Holmes asserted that the overdraft was the 
responsibility of only a few members of the new indicator, without the consent 
of the entire organization . Other councilmembers suggested dealing with those 
directly respo·nsible. 

Wllcoll ResIpatIon-Paul Wilcox, Commissioner of Operations/Services and 
Enterprises, announced that he will resign at the end of the Fall Quarter due to 
his graduation. He will help appoint his successor. 

Appolnbllll'lts: 
·Veronica Murayama, was appointed Extemal Affairs Outreach Manager 
.Carta Tesak, appointed to Student Advocate 
·Sally Shelly, appointed to Judicial Board Chair 
·Neena Malik, appointed to Income Manager 

-CompIled by ElaIne camuso, S,." Writ., 

Think YOU can write a better uy? 
$$$ Then gel paUl for what you like to do. $$$ 

S D 

N 
W are hiring reporters to write news, opinion, features and arts and 

entertainrnerl stmes.lf you've gOl: the right stuff, Slop by 
our office in the Student Cerwer above the General Store. 

THE GUARDIAN -IT's NOT Jm A JOB ... IT's A WAY OF LIF1: 

overwhelming confidence in anything I 
did It's amazing how free and at peace 
you feel." 

Pascal atuibu1es krav maga's uc-
cess and appeal in San Diego to the 
atmosphere of the class. 

'The class is taught in a friendly, 
non·threatening atmosphere. A 101 of 
people are turned away from martial 
arts because they're scared of the atmo-
sphere." Pasca! said 

p.JSCaI will continu to bring the 
martial art of krnv maga to an Diego 
with another session of classes thaI be-
gan yesterday. He will be assisted by 
Warren College senior Jackie Kolchins. 

After graduation. Pascal plans 10 
leach mpe prevention and self-<lefense 
classes to on-<:an1pu! organizations ruJd 
other organizations in the San Diego 
community. 

"I want to see krav maga sp~d ~ 
that everyone will be able to defelJd 
themselves in a time of need and expe-
rience the same positive results that I 
did." Pascal said. "That's what gets me 
so arnped 10 leach." 

Krav maga was developed by the 
GrJlld Master Imi Lichtenfeld who. 
utilized it to escape azi youth g'Ulgs 
during World War 11. 

GuatOlllfl File Pnoto 
Krav mags (contact combat) Instructor John Pascal and Warren 
College senior Jackie KoIchlns demonstrate their form of martial 
arts. 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How mllch money .\llll effort have YOll pent on your edu(.uioll .. 0 f.lr? Ilow 
111,ln), thousand, of hour,? A lid now 
you Iu\'c 10 1,Ike the ,\1 'AT I .. 
there .. lIch a thing as overkill in 
,I .. ituation like this? 

Il yperiearnlO)!; offer .. 
the 1110,t in ten~ l vc 
to. I ' AT prep.lr J -
tion course .lVail-
,Ib le. \Ve work 
hard to make .ure 
you )!;c t the mo>t for 
}"ur dollar. 111c 111,,.,t hOllI'>, 
the most motivlttin)!; environ-
ment, thc mO>l currenl malerial, and 
rhe most qu alified in>tru ct() r~ avai lab le. 

skills. In addition to rhe .. c tem, wc work rhrough 1'1 'A r 
p.I".lges c\'cl) lillie thc d,,,~ mecl... mhmg you encounter 

on the ;\oll'AT , hould be ,I ,urpri .. c. 

Rigorous writing sdmplr work 
You'll write fillJncen h.M hour e~"I)". \ Vhilc thi, 

1'[I)~r,1I1I t}1,ic.tlly improve' 'lOre' dr.lmatiLu 
Iy. some students need morc help. \Ve've 

desl~ned ol1e-on-onc writin)!; session' (five 
weeks each) for .. rudents who st ill have 

concern, aboul this imponant ,uh,corc. 

Help with Ihe application process 
\Vc won 't abandon you .Ifter the 

to. 1 ' AT. We have interview and 

The longes!. mosl complete, dnd most intensive MeAT course dvailable 

application resources a. .. well as cat-
olio)!;. and profi les on all 126 U. 
allopathic medical schools. vVe 
have the 1\I\ICA application 
template on our r.l.tcinloshcs· 

so you can work on your appli-
cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 weeks, 4 meeting~ per week (Saturday. Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than '50 toral hou rs. No wi mp~ need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings tOlal. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
, onvenicnt dassrooms and times to fit your schedule. 

you can laser print the final version 
on our sy.,lem and send il off. 

We design and re·design our MCAT (ourse for you • vVe help you re-Iearn, rath er than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented sc ience and verbal material 
you 'll need to get a winn ing Me AT corc. All of our matcri als arc subject to student feedback on areas of con fusion. We continual ly 

SPftialized instructors who are experts in their field 
• You are taught by four (not one or two) spe-

cialized instructors. 
• All instructors have earned al least; 

M aster's degrce and many have won tcach-
ing awards outside our course. 

MCAT diagnostics 10 foms your eHorts. right from the start 
You'll rake two computerized diagnos tic lests in addi -

upgrade our exhau~tiYc Biol0ID" hemistry, Physics, 
and Verbal materials to cmpha.izc the concepnlal skills 

demanded by the new format MeAT. We now offer t600 
pages of focused review matcrial s, including hundreds of 
practice question and MeAT-style pas ages. 

Any queslions? 
Just give us .1 mil at 

800-843-4973' 
tion to the two full-length MeATs wc administer. Taking We'll make >ure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the first diagno tic tes t early in the course will alert you and your 
instructors to your weak areas in both cience knowledge and test-taking 

.\ ... 1 11., .. """· .. . 1"'1"' ... e' .... h ,...,t.h '1 "'"1' \ '" ,.. ...... 'm· .. " ", \ " M •• 4 ..... , , ... . ,1 ,.,. "or' ~" ............. '1. ,~ .... '~ ....... lI. oI~~I""'-



40PrNION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor In Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Manaaing Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

rho UCSD aU4""." i, published twlco I _ .. 1ht u.we."'Y 01 C.1,fom,l. Son 0...,. Content, 
Cl992. V""I eAPreSMd heretn reptHent the mIIfOI'rty vote of the .otonal boMt, Mld lite not 
....... roly _ ~ !hi UC Board 01 R_u. 1ht ASUCSO. no< 1ht enUre GU4tr1u1i! ,IMI. 

Vote 'No' on Proposition 181 
An argument can be made in favor of physician-assisted death. 

Cenainly ,lengthy tenninal illne ses can decimate individuals physi-
cally and their families emotionally and financially. In iUne se where 
medical treatment only prolong suffering ratherthan offersacure. the 
dignity and well-being of the patient is further eroded. Given the dire 
circum tance of tenninal illne . the idea of allowing patients to 
request aid-in-dying from their physicians is one that cannot be 
entirely dismissed. 

However, even proponents of physician-as i ted death must admit 
that Proposition 161 is riddled with flaw and loophole . Propo it ion 
161 would e tabli h the right of a mentally competent adult to reque t 
that a willing physician as ist the patient in dying if a terminal 
condition isdiagno ed. Under Proposition 161. uchadeath would not 
be con idered a suicide. thu preventing insurance companie from 
nullifying policie . 

A written. Propo ition 161 fail to include the proper safeguards. 
' uch as a "cooling off' period. Under Proposition 161. anyone 
diagno ed with a tenninal illness could choo e to die immediately. A 
waiting period. which would give the patient time to adequately 
consider the ramifications of his or her decision. would not be required 
under this law. 

Furthermore, the proposition does not require p ychological evalu-
ation of patients. There is no protection offered to those who are 
incapable of making a rational decision. In fact. only two doctors. 
including the patient's attending physician, are required to diagnose 
that the patient will die within six monlhs. Given the magnirude of the 
deci ion to die. the opinion of two doctors is hardly sufficient. 

Where matters of life and death are concerned. a poorly written 
proposition should not be approved by the voters. The Guardian 
strongly urges you to vote "No" on Propo it ion 161. 

Vote 'Yes' on Proposition 163 
In 1991. the State Legi lature changed the law to apply ales tax to 

bottled water. candy, and other" /lack food ." Never before had 
California put a tax on "the e 'sentials of life" - namely food and 
water. This move was an atlempt to close a gap in the state budget. 
What it did do. in fact. was contribute to the state 's already dire 
financial crisis and thoroughly zap the California taxpayers. 

In a rare moment of wisdom. the tate has given the voters a chance 
to decimare thi odious tax. Propo ition 163 would repeal the much 
derided "snack tax" and add a provision exempting those items from 
future sales ;md u 'e taxation. 

TIle argument against the "snack tax" are as strong as they are 
numerous. The tax generates less than one-half of one percent of the 
overall state budget. Furthermore, the tax burden i in e sence placed 
on the lower and middle classes. Finally, the intricacies of the tax are 
just plain confu ing. A Hostess Fruit Pie would be taxed while a full- . 
ize chell)' pie would not. Pretzel are taxed. while peanuts are 

somehow exempt. 
TIlis is imply bureaucratic nonsense that a straightforward propo-

sition would eliminate. TIle Guardia" urges you to vote "ye "' on 
Proposition 163. 

Vote 'Yes' on Proposition 164 
Term limits have become the rallying cry of the disenchanted voter. 

To these voters, term limits ha-.e become the panacea to everything 
from legislative gridlock to pork-barrel politics. This thinking has led 
to Proposition 164, which would limit the number of term represen-
tative from California may erve in the United States Congress. 

Proposition 164 would deny bailor access to persons who already 
have represented California congres ional di tricts for ix or more of 
the previous II years and to those who have represented California as 
a senator during 12 or more of the previous 17 years. TIlese term limits 
would not include service prior to 1993 and do not restrict write-in 
candidates. 

TIlere are strong arguments again t term limits, and only a fool 
would believe they olve every problem facing politics today. Oppo-
nent of Propo ition 164 argue that term limits would weaken 
California's congre sional delegation, as well as increase the influ-
ence of lobbyists and PAC money, 

But tenn limits are the flfSr necessary step in reforming the political 
proce s (Campaign contribution and legi lative perk mu t also be 
reformed). Proposition 164 would pump new and much-needed blood 
into the Congre . For that reason, the Guardian urges you to vote 
"yes" on Proposition 164. 

The UC D Guardian Thurll<lay, October 22, 199"2 

ION 
Wtf/4 ANY LV(I(. 

I "'tAr' BE" MLE" 
"'-0 f'LAy' 4 nw 

J.lo~5 .,"/lJI(;1HT".... 

'CANDYMAN~ REFLECTS OUR 
OWN DEMEANING ATTITUDES 

COMMEN'DlRY: While Hollywood's latest tlniller may make viewers squinn, 
the racial tereotypes typical in movies and society as a whole are the real honnr 

GAYE 

JOHnfiln 

I am the type of person that 
jumps at any hint of suspense in 
a movie. So when [ went to the 
free screening of "Candyman" 
last Tuesday in the Mandeville 
Auditorium, I found myself 
watching with one eye and my 
hands over my ears. Yes. il was 
a terrifying movie; but I came 
out of it more offended than 
frightened. 

The plot of the movie went 
something like this: a 19th cen-
tury black man (the son of a 

lave) impregnates a white woman and in racist retribu, 
tion. gets his arm sawed off. i stung to death by bees, 
bumed and has his ashes strewn across Cabrini Green. a 
group of housing projects on Chicago's sourh side. Now 
a permanent inhabitant ofCabrini Green. Candyman can 
be summoned by saying hi name five 
times in a mirror. as i discovered by 
two doctoral students doing their di -
senation on urban folklore. 

This movie was both unrealistic and 
racist. This was "Birth of a Nation" 
revisited: Black villain rapeS/taints pure 
white woman; Black villain. who in, 
herently desires the white woman sexu, 
ally. torments her almost to the point of 
unwilling submission. yet he would 
rather die than be with the Black Vil-
lain. Like D.W. Griffith's intention in 
1915, the views advanced through the direction of Ber-
nard Rose become devices to load up other me sages 
about the sexuality and inherent impurities of black 
males. There is a curious travesty being played out as 
Candyman (obviously unaffected by his 19th Century 
lynching) once again goes for the white woman. and the 
whole sequence of events suggests a kind of stepping 
above rank. 

This i a movie built around stereotype. A ide from 
the representation of Candyman as the bloodthirsty and 
ultimately desiring black male, there is a curious play on 
African-Americans in general. Every black individual 
portrayed in thi movie is either naIve to the point of 
stupidity. a gangster. 3 janitor or an unwed molher. 

A the movie progressed. I found myself wondering 

what time period Bernard Rose had chosen for the 
setting, because every adult African-American in the 
movie (with the exception of the doctorJI student and 
another prominent character) was dressed in clothes 
reminiscent of"Superfly." Fake leather jackets with ties 
at the waist. caps and antiquated styles in general were 
the favored costumes of the black men. Yet the students 
are greeted at the entrance to one of the buildings by gang 
members in contemporary attire. This clearly indicates a 
purposeful intention - what it is becomes problematic, 
because the racist undertones were subtle enough for the 
ignorant and overt enough for those who face these 
subtleties in e\leryday life. 

TIle two students (one white. one black), tum OUltO be 
quite a pair. Curiously enough. the white woman (Helen) 
proves to be more eager to enter the projects than 
Bernadette (the black woman). who throughout the visits 
to Cabrini urges Helen not to go any further. 

And when Helen is attacked by gang members, 
Bemadene and other "good" black 
characters in the movie offer her an 
apologetic "I told you so." Yet what 
underscored the racism in this movie 
was when Helen said. "".A black 
woman gets killed in there and no one 
does anything; a white woman gets 
attacked and they shut the whole place 
down"."' 

Mymindsawaglimmerofhope-
was a point was made for the plight of 
the black underclass' struggle to be 

• Kuo/GIn'an heard? No. Bernadette responds, 
'tTlrat's not whor mallfrs - what's imponant is that you 
got that guy put away"." Keep in mind that this black 
woman has just dismissed the fact that emergency re-
sponse is virtually non-existent where the highest rate of 
fatalities occur - in the projects. Granted, this was a 
legitimate emergency call; but she doesn't say, "good 
riddance." she say "Illat's nor wllar malrers." Clearly 
this advances an educated black woman's acceptance of 
things as they are" . and that they're okay. 

Hollywood (and the movie industry in general) is one 
of the most centralized monopolies in the country and 
circulates image globally. For this to be accepted as an 
appropriate film should tell you something about both 
the mindselS of the individuals in charge and the images 

See MOVIE, Page 8 

Thursday, October 22,1992 

THE RISE AND 
FALL OF THE 
INCUMBENTS 
CCMMNI'ARY: If angry Voters 
have their way, coogressional 
incwnrents will re pondering 
election losses insteOO of piling 
on the porlc back in Washington 

By~nLavtne 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

In November, the American people will 
have to decide between an incumbem who still 
profes es that supply-side Bushnomic 
(Reaganomics minus reality checks) was not 
the shovel that helped bury our economy and 
two challengers trying to convince u that they 
are made from true presidential timber and not 
from plywood. If the numbers that Clinton 
shoves in your face are too confusing (and 
suspiciou ). Perot's proposed draconian gas tax 
just deters too many TJ runs, and Bush's capital 
gains tax cutsarejust buzzwords for more fat cat 
pampering, then all is not totally lost, for you as 
the disenchanted VOler can still focus on your 
local congressional and senate races. 

If there ever was a year to etch voter outrage 
into that bloated, cash-vacuum concrete institu-
tion of a legislature. this is it The institution of 
Congress has decayed (through bouncing checks 
and lynchings of Anita Hill along with the usual 
serving of slab portions from the pork barrel) 
into an unorganized. public relations disaster-
what a more opportune time to go out and vote. 
Who needs term limilS? Congress. as an institu-
tion. has never faced a more devastating crisis to 
ilS status, along withilS present occupants, than 
the one it is currently facing. The behavior and 
events that have led to this decay will certainly 
have an enormous effect on campaign strategy 
during the congressional races, perhaps making 
1992 known as ''The Year of Fallen Incum-
bents." 

Congress certainly has the knack for the 
ability to look. out for its own members through 
its collective distribution of particularized ben-
efits (a.k.a. pork), minimal pressure to vOle the 
party line, free haircuts at the Capitol Hill salon 
and advenisement of individual achievements 
on important (or just relevant) issues. 

The institution provides them with the tools 
to keep local constituents constantly happy, and 
this is all done to ensure the reelection of its 
members. Essentially, it's the incumbent's elec-
tion to lose (el\cepl in cases of reapportion-
ment). 

Incumbency plays a huge factor in congres-
sional races; the House of Representatives has 
averaged a 97 percem return rate, while in the 
senate it's around 75 percent. Political scientist 
Richard Fenno has analyzed congressional be-
havior and interaction with the constituents, 
noting that familiarity of the candidate plays a 
key role in how a person casts his or her vote. 
Familiarity gives both trust and el\posure to the 
incumbent. 

In presidential elections, both candidates are 
given so muchel\posure that most of the elector-
ate is familiar with both of them and can cast 
their votes based on other factors. In local races, 
most of the people will cast their vote for the 
candidate they know the most about; if the pork 
is consistently coming, the local Kiwanis Club 
is spoken to and enough babies are kissed, the 
incumbent will have an edge when it comes to 
familiarity . Since so Iinle exposure is given to 
the candidates in local races, infonnation is 
mostly controlled by the incumbent through 
mail new letters (Franking privilege). 

SQ what does this mean in 1992? Congress is 
facing one of the most massive potential turn-
overs in this century. The Sept. 20 issue of Time 
magazine has calculated that Congress is facing 
a loss of over 100 of its members, through both 
retirement and likely losses, in the upcoming 
election. Reform, nOl incumbency, is the domi-
nant theme in this year' campaign. The institu-
tion of Congress has gained such a negative 

See INCUMBENT, Page 8 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

~: The English language was the tnx! loser in the three presidential 
debates, which says a lot about each of the candidates and their respective campaigns 

AN ELECTION FULL OF BLATHER 

MAlT 

HDBIJ!Jn 

"We have got to 
grow the economy."' 
These are the words of 
Governor Bill Clinton 
and. judging by his 
speeches, the words of 
a very poor rhetori-
cian. The debates, of 
course, revealed a 
whole series of gaffes 
and blunders when it 
came to the spoken 
word. Who can forget 
George Bush's ac-
compli hments in the 

field of legislation where his administration 
passed the "most furthest looking" legislation 
on thi and that? Or Ros Perot' "pretty 
simply, folks"? 

Little peccadilloes again t English are nor-
mal when any person speaks. Few people 
would say that Demosthenes or Cicero went 
through every speech in their ancient tongues 
perfectly. And these were some of the great 
men of oratory. A verbal foot-slip is normal 
and not 10 be dwelled upon. 

But nothing is more egregious to the ear 
than to hear the eomistenr misuse of the En-
glish language. During the Clarence Thomas 
hearing. chaos descended upon us when Joe 
Biden abused "whom" and "who" in his effort 
to appear educated, consequently proving that 
the two are hardly interchangeable. 

Bill Clinton's constant use of "growing" 
the economy is just a tragedy. In fact, for a 
Rhodes scholar, or half of one at any rate, 
when nOl traveling. Bill Clinton has a most 
horrendous speaking style and a wretched 
grasp of the English language. Afterthe debate 
it became clear that this same guy who always 
has new personal "surprises" popping up is 
really someone befitting our age. 

We live, of course, in the age of MTV. Our 
generation has gOl an attention span that is 

horter than Sinead O'Connor's hair. We take 
little interest in reading and even less in speak-
ing clearly and concisely. One would think 
that in a world of sound bites the debate would 
at lea t become more uccinct. Nevertheless. 
we are bombarded by the ceaseless onslaught 
of mediocre debate. It does not matter whether 
or not we have campaigns that focus on the 
issues. We are not equipped to even talk about 
the issues coherently. 

But the beauty of democracy. as Winston 
Churchill nOled. is that the people get whal 
they deserve. We have chosen to pit three 
adversaries against each other who are much 
like their speaking style . 

Ross Perot is the most interesting to watch 
in a debate. but his ever-so-simple "fix-it ap-
proach" is very na·ive. And although one might 
like to say that the status quo is a "bad system" 
he really ought to consult the owner's manual 
before getting under the hood and tinkering at 
random. Mr. Perot fails to reatize the positive 
aspects of the Constitution that would un-
doubtedlydisintegrate into dust ifhis reforms 
were to take place. Mr. Perot's laconic sty le is 
sincere but simple-minded. 

President Bush's style of speech is the Mr. 
Nice Guy approach. He doesn't like confron-
tation, and when it comes to speaking about an 
issue. he becomes lively only in the direst 

circumstances. He is insightful at times but is 
too often prone to meandering off his topic in 
an effon to qualify himself. 

For instance. "could be better" is almost 
always a caveat on the controversial. And 
unfonunately. like on so many issues, Bush 
fails to k.now the etiquette of battle. He does 
not know how to deliver what he has to say 
diplomatically. He blunders in speaking be-
cause he is not talented. His words come with 
difficulty. He L truly the antithesis of the fiery 
Ross Perol who always fires when ready. But 
Bush's vacillating style of speech mirrors his 
administration. 

Bill Clinton. as I have said. speaks very 
poorly with the annoying pretension of speak-
ing well. Now. I do nOl intend this to be an 
elitist interpretation of the candidate' s En-
glish, but Bill Clinton 's style really is an 
insight into the candidate. 

You see. when all is said and done, one 
knows very little about Mr. Clinton. The prom-
ises in his book are worth little and could very 
well be a siren's song. Clinton speech is 
clearly calculated. He pauses before speaking 
and then comes to life like an animatronic 
character at Disneyland when the progr.un is 
loaded. He is a man who, when seen, you 
know is pursuing what he knows to be the 
most advantageous course. He is clearly an 
opportunisl. which marks the real difference 
between him and Bush. 

Bu h is just without philosophical com-
mitment. but Clinton chooses to have none 
because it is a hindrance. Now one may say 
with all the zest and verve he wants that 
Clinton has a plan. This may be true given his 
double-talk. but he has not outlined a philoso-
phy any more substantial than a plan for 
national hedonism. He says that he is the 
genesis of his economic ideas which becomes 
very clear when one considers that "grow the 
economy"' is included in every economic ar-
ticle I have read. 

PoUCE'S AGENDA IS TO PREVENT ACCIDENTS 
Editor: 

I would like to respond to the letter titled 
"What i the Real Police Agenda?" (Oct. 12) 

Police officers and the bicycle enforce-
ment officer have made bicycle compliance a 
priority because the number of bicyclists at 
UCSD has increased steadily over the past few 
years. More incoming students are riding bi-
cycles than ever before. It is very imponant 
that the traffic laws be enforced, not only for 
bicyclists. but foreveryone who uses the roads, 
in order to minimize the amount of accidents 
which occur. 

Getting the message out that bicycles are 
expected to obey traffic laws (as stated in 
Vehicle Code section 21200) is intended to 
prevent accidents, which definitely falls under 
the "prOlect and serve" obligation that the 
UCSD Police Department has. 

In 1991, there were nine traffic collisions 
on the campus involving bicycles. eight of 
which were injury collisions. If we prevent 
even one accident where an injury or death 
would have occurred. then the effort is well 
worth it. Needle s to say. our goalis to prevent 
all of them. 

Tom L. Morris 
Traffic Officer, UCSD Police 

It's All .. Issue of Safety 
Editor: 

In response to a letter to the Guardian 
entitled, "What is the Real Police Agenda?" 
(Oct. 12), I offer the following: 

I) TIle UCSD Police Department i not 
increasing enforcement of bicycle offenses 
beca\L<;C of budget difficulties. 

2) A bicycle ridden in the street not only has 

READERS' 

FORUM 
11le Guarolan welromes /ettBfS trom Irs readets. All te!!etS 
must be typed. double5paoed. IJIId 00 /OfWef tllan three 
pages. Le!letS should also be ~ and contain a phone 
nllTlber. Submissions may be sent by mail or dropped off at 
/he Guardian omces on me secooI1 floor ~ me 0/11 Sruden! 
Center (tl/hI /Ib(Mt the General Store Cocp and CMJt/ooldfW 
/he Hump). SetxI alllettetS to: 

ll1e Guardl.., 
CJt]1n1on Ed"or 

9500 Gilman Or. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92903<>316 

the same rights bUI also has the same respon-
sibilities as a motor vehicle. Enforcement of 
bicycling laws is a safety issue. The police 
department does not feel that the illegal behav-
ior of bicyclists represents "a serious threat to 
justice in the U.S .• " but that it can represent a 
threat to the safety of those within the YCSD 
campus community. 

3) The Police Department supports bicy-
clingoncampu . Wehaveseveralpoliceoffic-
ers who are now patrolling the campus on 
bicyc les. The use of bicycles in patrol has been 
a great way to keep operating costs down. 
decrease response times, provide higher vis· 
ibility and keep the officers fit. 

All that we ask is that the bicyclist who 
rides their bicycle at UCSD. or anywhere else 
for that maner, obey the law and use common 
sense when riding their bicycle. for their own 
safety and for the safety of other people. 

A free copy ofthe rules and regulations can 
be obtained from the UCSD Police Depart-
ment or Transportation Alternatives office. 

Russ Reuther 
Bicycle Officer, UCSD Police 

Cydlsts Must Follow the 
Rules of the Road, Too 
Editor: 

I would like to respond to the letter from 
Josh Bonkovsky complaining about the cam-
pus police for citing 10sh for "failing to come 
to a complete stop at an intersect ion late one 
evening:' 

Granted, it may seem trivial tociteacyclist 
late in the evening. however. I am more con-
cerned about the total disregard forthe rules of 
the road by cyclist , particularly during the 
morning and evening commute. I have nearly 
hit three cyclists in the last two days running 
stop signs. cuning in front of me to get to the 
neare t curb cut or sidewalk or dangerously 
darting in and out ohraffic witholiliooking. I 
have been under the impression since I was 
old enough to ride a bike that the rules of the 
road apply to cyclists also. Am I wrong, Josh? 
Or, have the rules changed? 

May [ suggest to Josh that he lobby for 
more bike lanes and/or safer routes through 
campus. As long as cyclists and automobiles 
are on the same roads, we shou Id re~pect each 
other and the rules of the road. 

Randon E. Woodard 



6 OPINION TM UCSD Guardian T llllr ... I II~· . O.·loIN·.· 22. I4)9"Z 

VIVA LA JOLLA! ELVIS HAS LEFT THE OCEAN 
SAllIE: He may only be a ten-pound surfing lobster, but make no doubt about it - the King of rock 'n' roll is alive and well 

ay5M1H.....". 
Gontrlbur 1111 Opinion Writer 

Statistics show that, de pile the 
global perceplion, American are 
about the hardesl work 109 people in 
the world. My job'!> no different from 
anyone else·s. and al lhe end of lhe 
day both of my cheeks are dragging 
the ground. The sweet ones. 

Furthennore, I'm too wound-up 
10 sleep. Some people dnnk. Me. I 
walk on the bea h. And drink . The 
other evening I took my walk aboul 
mid nigh!. I had had a couple. II had 
been a tough 10 hours. 

II waJ. \urpri,ingly qUiet for Pa-
cific Bea h. The ' Iar.. were blinking. 
and Ihe gentle ~urf was !>hoo,hmg. 
The Big Dipper never looked more 
perfect. I !>topped at the end of Gamet 
and walked to lhe water's edge. My 
left foot fell uncomfor1ably on a hard 
objec!. 

"You'reonmy board. Dude:'lklid 

a voice. I jumped back, looking for 
lhe peaker but saw nothing. jU~1 lhe 
light fromlheCrySial Pier hotel which 
cast long shadow on Ihe sand. 

" Down here. man." 
Ilookeddown.11lere wasn'l much 

light. but I could make OUI a white 
surf board, maybe two feel long. 

Standmg on Ihe other end was a 
IO-pound lobSler. He was wearing a 
white T- hin , across which was writ -
len. " I survived the Point Loma sewer 
break." On hi he<ld was an L.A. 
Raider.. baseball cap. 

" Like. are you gOlOg to stare all 
OIghl man'?" he said. 

My v 31 cord, refused 10 func -
tion . " I ... I'm ... Ihl ~ l,n 'l real. You 
can't speak. Lob,ter.. don't surf." 

,. ot In wave, that !>uck Ihl '> bad. 
they don '!." he said. 

Not believing what I w~ ,ecing 
from a si" fOOl height , I gOI down on 
my knee~ at Iheend of lhe , urfboard. 

"Are you tryItC to 
tell me you're ElvIs 
Pra.Ie,," 
........ to be. Now 
l·m ........ It'. 
cool. " 

and I guess I pushed my face a little 
100 close 10 him . He shimmied or 

~huffled or whatever back about two 

inche , then reared up a little higher. 
"Whew. Man. you gotta change 

whalever you're drinking: ' 
"I intend to," I said. "Who are 

you? What are youT 
"Elvis, man, and I'm a lobsler." 
"Yeah? And I'm John WaYIle:' 
"Freaking Dude, I always wanted 

10 meet you." 
"Are you Irying to tell me you ' re 

EI v is Pre ley?" 
"I used 10 be. Now I'm a lobster. 

It ' cool." 
'·But. .. you died al Graceland: ' 
"NOI so. I gOl changed by Zorgon 

and his boy~." 
"Zorgon?" 
··Yeah. He's an alien . From 

Zelschmidl." 
"From Zelschmidl?" 
"Yeah. Hey. man. you know you 

gOla problem repeating everything'?" 
"An alien turned you into a lob-

lerT 

"Naw, he turned me into a frog. 
Lobslers can'l make il in Tennessee. 

o ocean. I hopped a lruc~ out here. 
and Ihen he IUmed me into a lobster. 
I gOlla go man. I got a dale: ' 

With thaI he worked hi~ way inlo 
the water and staned ~hooting back-
ward. 

"Since my baby left me. found a 
new place to dwell. down al the end of 
lonesome sIr"." 

"Wail!" I yelled. "You can '1 leave 
now. I wanl totalk IOYou !>DOle more." 

"Cool, man , meel me down here 
nexl week."hecalledanddi~ppeared . 
board and all. 

(( wa, after ~ a.m. "hen I , lipped 
into bed. My wife wo~e up and gave 
m.: a ,Ieepy. "Where have you beenT' 

"At the beach wal~ing . " I an-
~"ered . " I saw Elvis." 

She !>norted a laugh and rolled 
overon herlummy. "You're working 
100 hard:' ~he ~aid . 

PROPOSITION 165 LEADS TO BALANCED BUDGETS~ NOT TYRANNY 
Edilor: 

Thi~i~inre pon:.etolhecommen-
lary on Propo~ilion 165 by Llana 
Jacob, C'A Tyrant', Agenda." t. 
5}. M~. Jacobs has the polilical pro· 
cess a bit confu!>ed. 

The legislalure has proven its In-
abili ly 10 act effeclively in pa~~ing a 
balanced budget in a limely manner. 
Propo~ilion 165 Ihus addrcs:.es a real 
problem. This i~ not a matter of poli-
IIC~. parti!>an'hip or polemics. Thi~ i. 
J matter of giving the governor of 
California Ihe lools thaI almost all 
olher governol"i have 10 deal effec-
lively with Ihe budget when the legi,-
lature faib 10 do so. 

AccordlOgloinfonnali nprovided 

by the nonpanlsan ational As ia-
tion of State Budget Officel!>,44 slate!> 
gi ve IhelT govern rs more indepen-
dent authoril y 10 reduce spending once 
the budge I act ha:. been passed than 
does California. Thiny-eighl oflhose 
44 tates also give Iheir governor.. a 
line item veto au th nt . 

Giving a govern r aUlhority to cut 
Ihe budgel doe!>. indeed. work. TIle 
stales whose governors have signifi-
canlly more aUlhorily 10 cuI the bud-
get thi!> year face avenlge budgel short-
fa lls less Ihan half the size of those 
wllh little or no authority - 2.5 per-
cenl ver.;u, 5.7 percent (~ a percent-
age of planned expend ltu re~). 

Proposllion 165 would not give 

---N A I L S P Eel A L S J I J~ 
ACRYLIC 
NAILS Reg $35 
Tip Overt.y Reg $45 

I 

$18.99 r" 
r ,) $24.95 

-- -

Fills $12 Reg $15· NewCltenls only 
Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

~ 4 p~ MEN AND WOMEN 
B055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560'()325 • 560-5081 
NOI vahd WIlt'! My other otters El.p!res 1115192 

If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Disease 
• Clotting factor • Epstein Barr 

defICiency Virus 
• ToxoplasmOSIs • CMV 
• Chlamydia • Any red blood 

cell antibody 
• HepatitiS A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
A SubsulitV)· o{HtmoCarr Corporal/on 
SAN DIEGO (619)226-1733 

~(JIOI'I""7J 
WISt HOU.YWOOO (213~ 

Y 011 (l1li tmtlJ It,,, ill ""die. 
"",ud. au rn""",1II 1UU1 "",. 

lSI 10 1100 fHr ",,,1! 

READERS' 

FORUM 
unprecedenled or unusual aUlhorit y 
10 the California governor. The gov-
ernors of Alabama and Georgia. for 

example. are required to re trict allot -
ment on appropriation!> by making 
a ro s-the-board cuts to prevent an 
overdraft or deficil in any fiscal year. 
In Conneclicul. the governor may 
modify allotmenl 10 the extenl he 
deems necessary up 10 live percent of 
the budget, if he delernlines Ihat the 
e timated budgelresourcesduringthe 
fi scal year will be insufficientto fully 
finance all appropriations. 

The Governor of California ha 
none of these powers. As a resuh , we 
have legislalive gridlock. aUlopilol 
spending. and IOUs. 

Of the 21 stales thaI made budget 
CU I ~ afler Ihe fiscal 1991 budge t 
passed. the governors in at least 15 of 

Ihose st ate~ are able to reduce spend-
ing in more than 50 perce nt of the 
budge!. Proposition I 65pI'IIIl'CISmOre 
of the budgellhan many other stale~. 
Education. debl service. local 
~ubventions and 95 perce nt of stale 
employee ,alaries would be exempt 
from culS. approximalely 50 percent 
of Ihe budget. 

That is much different authority 
than lelling a governor "write the 
budgel." which Proposition 165 doe~ 
nOI do. The governor need~ this lim-
iled ability 10 spur Ihe legi lalure 10 
act responsibl y and to en!>ure Ihal 
California maintains a conslilution-
ally- mandaled balanced budgel. 

Michael Le\'ill 

TEACH FOR AMERICA 
makes tt possible to teach 

in on urban or rural 
public school without being 

on education major! 
Teach For America is a 

notional teacher corps of 
talented, dedicated individuals 

trom all academic majors 
and ethnic backgrounds who 
commit two years to teach in 

under-resourced urban 
and rura l public schools, 

Solaries range from 
$15.000 - 527,(0) and partia l 

cancellation (Perkins/NDSL) or 
deferment (Stafford/GSl) 

01 loons is possible, 

iEACH FOR AMERICA 
Information Session 

U.C. San Diego 

October 26, 1992 at 
8:00 p.m. 

Price Ctr. - 2nd floor 
San Francisco 

Santa Cruz Room 
For more information 

contact your career center 
or coli 1-800-832-1230 

"It Is a complex luue 01 public trust, MIl I hPe become very COIIICIouI 
01 tile dlmqe tIIIt .... been done to HIe reIItIoMhIpI between HIe unIYerIIty 
".. ... trltlon IIId HIe public •• 

"The manner In wIIIdI compllli ation 1sI.-_ VI been preeented, consMS-
ertel, and apptllYld durtnc tile IBt ten YIIII hal been IertouIIy deIcIent, 
Some 01 the ""'pa .... far compelilatlon Inc ...... Went 1JoCk:aI, dMstve, 
and unc;0I1111UI'1 In tile public servIc:e •• 

-J".,..,..", Atutl)st A. AIM Post 
"The report II .... an ... lysls than a ...... 0I11Mft1ons and mont a 

polemic Uwn a dIsInt ..... ted expreaston of 1ndInCt, conclusions, and 
recomrl'llllUtlonl rooted In evidence and otIfectMt ...,. .• 

"It has taken 125 years t o get where WI ft, and we did not do 10 by paytnc 
average salaries.· 

REPORT: uc 
executives criticized 
for excessive perks 
Continued from PICe 1 

Post reportS thai since this crisis has 
emerged. the regenlS have eliminated 
the subcommittee. 

The berefit system also needs sig-
niflCJl1t improvement, according 10 Post. 

Post said thai the problem SIems 
from the "i ll-ac!vised prolifer.uion ofso-
called perquisites" and the reimburse-
ments which comprise a mix of special 
forms of compensation and normal cost 
reimbursements. 'The distinction be-
tween the two has become muddied. 
and this has increased the univer.;iry's 
vulnerabiliry to public criticism:' Post 
~id. 

Post made several recommendallons 
in the conclusion of his report. First. he 
recommends the e1im inat ion of deferred 
income programs. e~cept those which 
are. and have been. available 10 all uni-
versiry employees. 

Second Post said that the regents 
need to eliminate the associate pr0-
gram. which provides special sever-
ance pay to spouses. According to his 
report. while reimbursements are both 
reasonable and adequate. it is not appro-
priare to engage in uch reimburse-
menlS with the budget crisis in its cur-
ren! state. 

"I find no precedent for this type of 
benefit in state :.ervice nor in the com-
parison groupof univer.;ities," heSlaIed. 

Third. the report urges the elimina-
tion of payment of propetty taxes on 
persoml residences. Post argues that the 
president and chancellors should be liv-
Ing in ta.~-exempl university-provided 
housing. 

Post points out that the president, 
vice president and each chancellor are 
provided with (and indeed required 10 
live in) housing as a condition of em-
ployment and a mailer of convenience 
for the universiry. 

In response to the report. UC Presi-
dent Jack Peltason announced thai he 
will forgo an ann~ $4 1.710 allow-
ance to mainlain his private residence in 
Irv ine. He urged other chancelloo;to do 
the same. 

In addition. Post recommend~ the 
elimination of all benefi~ provided for 
pel1iCnaJ usage such as automobile re-
imbursements. ta.\ planning allowances 
and spcciallife insurance policies that 
have been instituled. 

Former Universiry of California 
President David Gardner responded 10 
Pos(srepot1 in a letter which was made 
available to the regents for their meet-
IIlg al UCLA. 

In the letter. Gardner offered his 
Impressions of the report .. bul refr.tined 
ITom suggesting action~ to implement 
PO!>I's recommendatioll.\. 

'1l!e report i, Ies.~ an analysis than a 
series of assenions and more a polemic 
than a disinterested eXpres.'>lon of find-
ing" conclUloions. and recommenda-
1I0ll.S rooted in evidence and objective 
findings," Gardner wroIe. 

Gardner also stated thai many of lhe 
benefits thai Post proposes to e1imlOaie 
are quite common in universities across 
the coontty, even if they are not all thar 
common in public universities. 

In addtion, Gardner wnlle thai 'We 
(the UC system) are competing agaill.'>I 
universities of our own kind andcharJc-
ler. and we had beller be [as competi -
live] or we won't long be an inSlilUlion 
of the kind and character thai we are." 

In response to Post'!>Claims thallhe 
university needs to eliminate the addi · 
rional benefits not directly related 10 
university work. Gardner said thai able 
and experienced people are always in 
demand, and that the UC needs to relain 
those who are making a difference. 

"II has taken us 125 years 10 get 
where we are. and we did not do so by 
paying aver.lge salaries or choosing to 
remove [the] UC from the markets and 
arena for laIent from which we draw 
those whom the board looks for the 
daily leadership of this university:' 
Gardner concluded fmnly . 

Post says thai "the business of a 
public universiry remains public busi· 
ness," and the regents will have to make 
signiflCallt changes to fI" the tarnished 
image of the university. 

Amendments to the current policies 
are being considered. and are scheduled 
for review aI the November regents' 
meeting. 

r----~:~n·UCSD ---: 
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~';.!7N?"~~~~Y* 
1;,,, III\N~ 
:-iu\ , ,,lid .,1" 
aft, 0"'" uIT., 

• $20 minimum purch,lof · 'Auhln 5 mile radnas or umpul 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455 5545 _5 Villa La Jolla Dr. , lillhc Halph '~ It' nlN 
• Prumpt dt·h,ft r~ . 7 d .• ~~ ~1 ,\t"t.'k Opt:n d,u l~ ~ .11l1·X pm 

Til., l leSI) Clllm lilin 

RIOTS: Forum 
examines the impact 
of the L.A. uprising 
ContInued from PICe 1 
in pan. the fault of the m:L~ media. 

. 'The media in flamed haIred:lffiOllg 
the people by focUl>ing on the eloCalat· 
inglensions. They never followed with 
loOlutions or worked 1 with ill. audio 
encesllo bridge the gaps," saKI 011. 

Waddel Herron,the .tsociare Di · 
rector of Analylical Studi~ In the 
Californta State University ~y~em , 
said the f'rusIr.ulon among minorilies 
in Los Angeles has been augmented 
by economic bmnen. re.ulting from 
the LA. cii!>. 

Most notably aHected were those 
whose busme!>se~ were de'troyed or 
damaged in the incidenl . he added. 
Herron feels that recon\tructlOn 
produ ts ,uch ~ "Rebuild L.A ." 
need to be more ~nsillve and ,up· 
ponive 10 Ihe needs of Ihe local 
neighborh<><Xh. 

.'The ongoing problem is thar mi· 
norilies are being cuI 001 of rebuilding 
effons by big companies who have the 
capital and power to!.ettle in thaI area 
And if bu.WleS.'>Cl. conlinue not 10 ac-
knowledge black. Hispanic and Asian 
conlraCl or!>. Ihen you ha ve 
entrepeneurs who Siphon fund., from 
the comuniry, yel do not repre~nl 11." 
Herron said. 

Lui!> Guamizo. J vi,iting re.ean:h 
fellow allhe Center for Mexican Stud-
ies ar UCS D. added Ihat mosl of the 
resources that minorilies would need 
are conlrOlled by big developer... and 
therefore inacce..~ible. 

He also argued lhat polilical mea-
~ures ~ 10 favor wealthy indus-
mes, further aliemllng nllnonll~ from 
complele reconstrucllon and a \igOlfi-

canl \'oice in ~idy. 
"llndu.o;try 1 ullCleTe.t imatesthe role 

of elhni entrepeneu~hip. Elhnic 
group:. compele wi~h other fight-
ing for scarre resources in the martel. 
A lad. of !>Dildariry ;unong m inoriry 
groups evolves." ..aid Guamizo . 

UCSD Ethnic Studies Profes!>Ol 
George LipsilZ ~d that the cin:um-
,Lances thai led 10 the Rodney King 
beating. its Verdict and the riots !hem-
-elves were. in pan, f~ered by the 
lIlallemion given 10 "gr.lss roots" cul-
ture. 

He al~ noted the lack of ~ial and 
economic mobilily that African-

American.~ and other minoritio have 
traditionally experienced. 

"DiSlanCe between ,.ICe and cla.\.\ 
.Ire e~acerbaled Ihrough goverrnem. 
real e-tate .md other organizalion", 
Segregarioo.md l-.obuon become the 

re~ull." ~ LIP'Itz. 
GUlierrez ,:ud Ihar he hoped lhe 

forum would feNer a better under· 
..tanding of the l'omple\IlY of rJCe 
relarlOll.\ in L.A. and it\ elhnlc nature. 

The Oct. 16 ..o.,ioo. moder.uoo by 
GUlierrez. di!>Cu.\.\OO the \Duree and 
increa.-;c: of racial len,ions. 

Speaker.. Included author Mike 
Davi,: Cynlhla Hamillon. profe'-.or 
of Pan Afncan Sludie, al Cal Slate 

Lo~ Angele\: and Robert We\ley. 
UCSD lectuner 10 Elhnic Studle,. 

The OCI. 17 <;ts~ion. held in the 
PriceCenrer. cons bled of three panel 
dl~u~!>ion, on the \Iruclure of 10-
equality 10 L.A" policy option, 10 
,.1\ Old \lmdar nOI!> and Ihe cu ltural 
ranllfaCIIOn\ of the riots. 

On Saturday evening. followmg 
Ihe dl!>cu~\lon\. Ihere wa" an enter-
lammenl program which concluded 
the even!. II included Lo\ Angele, 
perfonning art bh. 

NEWS 7 

JiISOn R'tcn'e / GUIItOW1 
Ram6n Gutlerrez . 

I Ur.limlle·1I . I 
I 

.Calles I 
I 3.5C ea. I I 
I 8.5 X 11·· 20twhlte 
I autofeed or self serve 
I wIIh IhlS cOl4lOn 

Receddion? 

fACTORY OUTLET 
CLOTHING STORES 

Take an add ilionaI 

200/0 OFF 
on all dresses, jackets, 

2-piece sui ts 

One Week Only 

Pacific Beach: 931 Garnet Ave. • 483·5150. Miramar: 8250 Camino SantA Fe • 450-3323 
SDSU: 6663 EI Yjon Blvd. · 460-4370 

I 
I 
I 
• 
• 
.. 

I 
I 
I 
I 



8 OPINION The UC D Guardian 

\ 

c;, 
The Division of Intemational Programs Abroad offers academic programs in 

Au.lnllia, Czechoslo'lakia, England, France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, 
Poland, and Spain 

for 0 semester, a year, or a summer of study abroad. 

for more information, please contod 
Syracuse University Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Eooid Avenue, Syrocuse, NY 132444170 - 1 ~()()'235..3472 

I SEND TODAY FOR OUR CATALOGI I 
I Nome I 
I I I A~~~ I 
I City State Zip I 
I Phone I 
I I 
I ~~ I 
I I 
I SYRACUSE UNMRSITY DIVISION OF INTERNAnoNAL PROGRAMS ABROAD I 
I 119 Euclid Avenue, Syracuse, New York 132444170 1-800-235-3472 I L __________________________________ ~~ 

A computer can't answer your 
Student loan questions 

Press lip" for. payment 

But we can; 
with our personalized service 

Edurational Funding Srr, icrs~ Inr. 
Where all we do is Student Loans! 

a subsidiary of 

Marine Midland Banks, Inc, 

(800) 523-7446 

INCUMBENT: It 
looks like a rough road to 
congressional reelection 
ContInued from paCe I 
image over the years that its indi-
vidual members are compelled to try 
to separare lhemselves from it. 

Congressman Bob would argue 
that the toxic Slench emanating from 
Capitol Hill came from no action on 
his pan and that his suppon of local 
interests coincided with his heroic 
fight against this evil. bureaucratic 
monster. This SITalegy has turned out 
to be quite common over the years. 
Perhaps it explains why VIXers still 
returned 98 percent of the House in 
1990. an election year of vOler out-
rage to a lesser degree. As long as 
local interests were met. the Ameri-
can people had no problem bestow-
ing the blame of government onto the 
institution of Congre and not the 

MOVIE: Stereotypes 
in "Candyman" exist 
throughout the industry 
ContInued from pa&e 4 
which will penetrate a very large chunk 
of the population. Thi movie does 
not ovenly advance images about 
blacks that aren't true - it reinforces 
old stereotypes and racisr ideologies 
which are still alive and well in the 
American conscience. like it or not . 

Bernard Rose should be proud of 
himself. because his movie upholds 
as legitimate all stereotypes used to 
keep people of color as villainous and 
as far away from the whit.e elite as 
possible. 

But I have one cri~ism: most of 
the time. subtletie oflhis son escape 
the scrutiny of those unjustly repre-
sented. In response 10 the Union-
Trlbune's Michael Phillip. who sa.id 

Thursday, October 22 , 199"2 

individual incumbents. 
So why the predicted lower tum-

over for thi year? There i only so 
much gastric juice in ou r stomachs 
that can handle the frivolous affairs of 
our nation's capital. In a time when 
our economy. along with American 
confidence. i having a hard time re-
covering. PACS are becoming even 
more addicting while members spend 
money they don't have (both in the 
national treasury and their own). A 
defICit mounted with high unemploy-
ment signals a tightening of the belt in 
budgets. and this time Congress is noc . 
exempt from thi fact. 

Jello Biafra. fonner lead singer of 
the Dead Kennedys. tated at 
LollaPalooza that his focus will be on 
the congressional races because that 
is where the real political action lies. 
With a .potential rise in voter panici-
pat ion. incumbents cannot rely on 
their core. faithful constituency to 
pull them through. 

that "Candy man doesn't embarrass 
anyone involved." I venture to say 
that the audience is just a. much in-
volved in arnovie as the main charac-
ter. and this was an object of embar-
rassment for many of u . 

Many people in the audience last 
Tuesday openly encouraged the im-
ages advanced by this film.11le scene 
where Candyman makes his move for 
Helen brought out a shout from some-
one in the audience of "Go 'head. 
boy." The antagonist in this movie 
was well into his fonies. Sounds like 
an ignorant. backwards notion of black 
manhood revisited. BUI you know 
what? I wasn't surprised. And lhe 
reason is because I know that many 
people have these nOlions in their 
heads every time they look at a person 
of color - it's only rarely said. but 
frequently felt. 

If you didn't see a problem with 
this movie. then you still have one. 

Over 30,000 people will see this note from US to you. 
That could have been 30,000 people who would have 

seen this note from you to them. 

rtise in the 
-) ]-;' r 

-.J ~ -J 
Can you afford not to? 

F ... ..., Inlonnatlon, call 534-34&6 .. stop by 
tile -=and fl. of the lid Student Center. 

COU.EG~ NIG'Iir 
EVERY THURSDAY 

~o 8 PM-CLOSE o~Q .. 
" ~ PPEJIZER~" \~R!'rrs " 

,, " .. ~ 0 $ 2~L DRINKS 
POo/l;Jhft. 1... ~\ ~hO tet~ t!s \)as~e\\J~ 
ToRREi's -2-1'-" 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT for 
• Must Be 21 Years Old [0 Enter 

4240 ... JoI .. VIII ... DrIve 
... JoI .. , CA 92037 

(819)187-1414 ext. 8220 

._"': -:--

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 

ADMISSION 
wilh this aJ 

Thursday, October 22, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

LECTURE REVIEW 
Rap: Kris Parker is both Pedantic and Personable 

Lori Mitcilell~ 
KrIs Parker talked .... ~from I'IIP to Internci81 cIdnc In the PrIce Center B •• oom. 
By Jeff ....... ciously gendered example of a dictionary represents the way we 
Hiatus Editor lack of common sense because it memOrize the words we use 

KRS-One. also known as Kris is not just women who respond in without thinking about what they 
Parker. fronts the band Boogie t.his way at rock and rap concens. really mean. 
Down Productions. The rap According to Parker. the Although Parker was not 
singer's albums combine lecture. school system is the root of all advocating trad itional religious 
music and factual infol1Jl3tion that evil. Because schools promote beliefs. he did sound like a 
penain to all fonns of oppression. memorization and not thinlting. preacher telling the audience to 
Parker is now embarked on a they derract from our humanity, "find God." He also sounded too 
lecture tour which included an he said. Parker considers himself a self-assured when he said that he 
appearance Monday night at the humanist in the sense that he was presenting the truth. 
Price Center Ballroom. where he believes to be human. one must During the question-and-
talked about education. religion think - "birds fly. we think. answer session, Parker shed his 
and politics in a pedantic speech Thinking is being human." teacher persona and talked openly 
that really shed little new light on While Parker criticized the about PM Dawn. lce-T. capitalism 
the issues. He was more person- educational system for the way it and the future of rap music. 
able during a question-and-answer "chops things up." he did promote Because he made specific 
session afterward when he critical thinking. He said that by references to other rappers he 
dropped the teacher persona for a going to college. you pay to find knew and discussed his personal 
more down-t~ homeboy things out and "memorize what response to topics like the L.A. 
approach. someone else thinks." He riots and interracial dating (which 

In a speech titled "Self- maintained that he was promoting he said was good for blacks 
realization and Levels ofThinlc- "hUe thinking." because "our genes are stronger 
ing." Parker began by condemn- Parker also criticized religion, and it ultimately strengthens the 
ing what he called "CSDS" - but not faith in God. He said black race"). he communicated 
common sense deficiency "religion and God have nothing to with less pretention. 
syndrome. Parker's example of do with each other." For him, the Although his answers did not 
this disease was women who gloat Bible and religion are pan of the always directly respond to the 
over Eazy-E, the lead singer of the govenunent and "God denounces questions asked. he skillfully 
rap group N.W,A. Parker said that politics." handled an emotional Chicano 
girls will typically rush the stage Parker then held up the King woman who had more of a 
to be close to the singer. While the James version of the Bible and the statement than a question. His 
girls cheer loudly. Eazy-E sings compact Oxford English Dictio- response to her condemnation of 
about "bitches. tramps and 'has." nary to illustrate two symbols of Columbus and European 
For someone who argues for oppression. For Parlcer. the Bible colonialization was simply "Word 
women's rights. it was a suspi- represents blind belief and the up." 

CLASH: Chicano trio will petfonn 'A Bowl 
of Beings' in the Mandeville Auditorium 
CantInued from IIIlCtt lIS 
who wouldn't let them have 
control of their screenplays. 
Scripts were written by network 
writers who turned the shows into 
racist jokes that incorporated the 
usual Hollywood stereotypes 
about Mexicans. 

Culture Oash abandoned the 
project, believing it would have 
been a contradiction of what they 
stood for. 

In 1990 they wrote "A Bowl of 
Beings." a revolutionary comedy 
about life. death and pizza. "A 
Bowl of Beings" was aired on 

PBS' Great Performances series 
and earned a Golden Eagle 
Award. 

"A Bowl of Beings" starts with 
a rap song titled "La Vida Loea" 
and then goes on to a skit in which 
Columbus is portrayed as a mafia 
godfather who owns a shopping 
business. rapes a WOllWl named 
America and gives way to the 
creation of the Mestizo soo. 

The themes range from 
communism with the skit ''TIle 
Return of~" to Oticano 
activism in "Stand and Deliver 
Pizza." a satire of Edward James 

Olmos' film Srand and Deliver. 
Culture Oash's new show. 

..S.O.S .... incorporates a skit 
dealing with the L.A. riots. 
Culture Oash also had cameo 
appearances in the films Encino 
Man and Hero. 

Culture Oash has been 
acclaimed by critics because of its 
ability to make a political 
statement with enough humor to 
make audiences laugh. 

The group will be performing 
its show "A Bowl of Beings" 
Wednesday night. For more 
infonnation call 534-6467. 

HIATUS 9 

• ••••••••••••••••••••• 
: NORTH COAST CLEANERS : 
: OF LA JOLLA RENAISSANCE : 
• • Same day service ' 7 days a week· In by noon ... ready by 5 • 

• 

• Expert tailoring and alterations done on site . New laundry services • 
featuring boxed men's dress shirts & fluff and fold laundry 

• • Friendly courteous service for personalized care of your rme garments • 
• • Suede and leather specialists · Satisfaction guranteed • 

• • • • 
• • i $1 00 OFF 99¢ SHIRTS i 
• DRY CLEA ING and PRESSING with '~y DRY CLEANING • 
• 

on EACH garmenl ORDER • 
(no limit on number 01 gannrnl5) H.nd finishfd ' Exptrtly I,und. rtd I Coopoo mu ... be prt~' tl.od " II" • Men's Dress · On h.lngtr · (l imit S shirtsl I 

• 

lNCOM1NG~~only CNp('lnmust~rll"Senti."d"'lth 
Onecoopon pl"f order. p.-r \ ISlt INCOMING QrdffSonl\ . I 

• 

Sorry, c.mnot (offiblM ofrers One coupon per ocder, per \'I~lt • 
£>p II fSf'12 Sorry. c. nnot comb"", ofk", 

• £>p. II /S{92 . 

• in the New Renaissance Towne Centre • 
• 8915 Towne Centre Drive • 
• Behind the lITC Mall • Next to Harvest Ranch Market • 

: lIIJ r.J 457-9800 : 
• New hours: 7 am-B pm, Saturday 8 am-6 pm, Sunday 10 am-5 pili • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Classls arl Slarilng rlghl naw. Call 277-8744, 

KAPLAN 
Till .IS.lr 10 1111 Iisl .ulstlol. 

o o 

0\ . GRAND OPENING!':. \ 
• 

"£VI ~CSD 
UNIVERSITY CITY(#8) 
6112 Regents Rd. 
Governor &Regents 
546-8886 

• o 

CLAlAEIIONT· SOUT"(#9) _~ 
3095 Clairemont Drive 
Clairemont Dr. & Iroquois 
276-2727 

Uttle Caesats"~ PlzzalPJZ7.af 
1'No great piuasl One low prtce~ Alwaysl Alwaysl 

. ,.., Uttk ( MWit (M. ,.,._ .. "" 

,~-



" . 

10 

•..... ~~.~~~~~~ ....... ~ 

! r~~~-!~ : !~~~~ ! 
• • 
• • 
• • 

i EALi 
• • i __ lDEAL i 

--
• _ - - - p..i i\-\E \ • 
• _ - - oNG sue \ • ~ ~fOOiL • 
• BIJ'( p..N p..NO GEi p.. \ 
• R pRICE If \ • 
• RE.GUV. 01\'"" \ • 
: f1tEE :~C;;S ~ V,,,,ON"" : 
• £t,n 10 0 ",0 COST" VERDE & • 
• 'l'/11~ S1\J~'t on~Ef{ pf{ \M IR"IIo4"R LOC4TIONS • 
• ( 1 \I ~LlO 'l'/11~ ,., PLE"SE PRESENT • 
• UCSD 10 • 
• EXP 1115192 • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: 6780 MIRAMAR Ro , BEHIND CARL'S JR, 549-6969 : 
• 8750 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VEROE CENTER 558·6811 • 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

R I 5 C 
1992 ALL CAL WINTER CARNIVAL 

DECEMBER 12-19, 1992 

PA KAGE IN l DES: 

5 Nights lodging in hotel or condominiums 
4 Days of skiing 
& Round Trip transportation on bus or plane 

SI.JI U,c. Ski Club!> allendmg 
Boal Race~ 
Co~tume Contest 
Dan e C onlest 

Retre~hment!> en route 
T· hlrt!> 

FROM ONLY 

$319 
Transportation 

included 
CALL 534·4482 

Broomball Tournament 
Fun Race 

Dual Race 
PICOlC~ (2) 
Dance~ I-l 

Partie!> (Manyl 
For more ",lolITlalton iIOOUII/le Club Of lI1e All Cal. conlaCllhe RISC (Radtc<llly Incl.ned Sk, Club) TOO" Y 
To 00 SQ, Slop by !he RISC oHa IoaIled on !he:ltd lloor of lhe Pnce Cenlel'rorn '02 pm Tues ·Fn Please 
nol8 Ihal !he Club has a Itmll8d numllClf 01 grOlln<! pad<ages al $2;9, buSihoIel packages al $3 19. bu>condo 
pacIl.lg8S al $379, and air condo packages al S606 AU packages are subreCI 10 ava,iabtI'lY and on a flrlt 
come, Hr.t .."ed bas,s Maslercald and V,s<! accepIed (above pnces are I'" cash dtscounl p'~) 

Sponsored by' MARKER, NORTHFACE, ROSSIGNOL and SMITH 

Thur".laay. (,.., .. I ... r 22 . 1')4)2 

II 
THE BEST COURSE YOU'LL EVER TAKE 

Only $329.00 includes: 
• 5 nights at 5-star hotel on the slopes of Snowmass 

(condos on the slo.pes add S 30) 
• 4-day lift ticket at Aspen, Snowmass, & Buttermilk 
• Roundtrip luxury bus transportation 
• Pub crawl, ski movies, ski races, parties, 

happy hours, T-shirt, etc. 

eUCLAeUCSBeUCSO.LoyolaePepperdine. Texas. 
700 people went last year, where were you? 

$40 DEPOSIT DUE NOVEMBER 2 

WHY PAY MORE FOR lfSSll 
For more info contact 

Eric Melbihess 
(619)566-8669 

r--------------------------, WYouThink ! 
Your Schedule's Tough, 

Check Out Ours. 

ooft~ot,i. Schdull: 
MONDAY: .... ~" .il~t h,thll.e $I.S0 Lo~'~tc.s ; 2 for I .".Iillrs. 
tUESDAY: -S,.t~ If n. 1.r4.r .11~t .- W.tch the sumt 0" our ,Itio lItiI il . ujoyi~! $I.S0 
M.,!.,itu , $' Corom(4" ,1II1. .~. SIflsh IteOs . 
WE DN ESDA!: eLate .It.t H.," HN,.· E ~ JOY our '11 Iy H"N Hour , .. Is (rolll IO:JO,III ·hlll . 

THURSDAYS: ~1-p,.~ 8t.d cf-1«r, of.adA/." 8-. ~.;~ 
COWGE NIGHTS f/) 1,50- ch'f-ur(uor, Rur,tur/4l, "P.,;t.. 1I"~r' 

E!J.2.M; H.," HN, 4·',.. SI '1IIIuh •• ,.fts, 2 fo, I I".t iltrt, 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY: ·F ..... II F,..,I •• "OM.- V.rins the Ift.klft~ . 

eN .. t t. tilt H.,4 Ree. e.f. • Plllt, .f 1114.r,r'''14 ,.,ki.,. 
L R.I.,.,. , .. r C.fIIf ... ,.r1'f ••• 1 CIII 4S4· 9""4 .J 
--------------------------

Thllrsl lay. Oclo .... r 22. 11)1)2 

. ~ 
#.~\.Ja~t~" ~GREEKS, THE 
~~~ ~ PREFERRED 

CUSTOMER 
The Greel. Card ,s here ,\, you've 

heard. there' a new deal 1I110\\'n for all 
IFC and PanhcllclliC Greek ' Wllh 
your 92·93 Greek dccal on }our II) 
you11 j,'C1 dl OW1l~ around 1O\\1l You'll 

" be receiving your decal from your 
chapter as )our fom, are lurned InlO 
IFCfPanhelienic Gel your forms In 
and tart ta\(lng advantage of all the 
greal deals 

The decal . affi~cd I the upper nghl 
comer f )'our (,SO card. IS all you 
need 10 start maklll~ your Greek dollar 
go furdlCr al places lIke utUe Caeser' , 

't North oaSI ('leaner's, Suhway. 
Sal mon House, Sta llle)' Kaplan. 
/\ loondogglcs, The COOled), Siore. and 
13 kslaf 

More merchalll~ arc hcill~ added on 
an o ngolllg basi s We arc o~n 10 
uggesli li S. JU I drop a nole In IFC 

PanhellclllC lIlaJlbo 
Show how slrollg Ihe Greek dollar 

can be. uppor1 lho<;c ""ho surporl the 
UCSD Greeks 

We arc also plalllllng some 'pec,al 
evenls for Greek Card holdc!> A 
special fa hlOll preview I' belllg 
planned \\',Ih Nord,lrom for next 
quarter. 

• • • • • • • • • • 

GREEK 
NIGHT 

Tht' UCS O Guardian 

CHARTER GREEK 
CARD MERCHANTS 

••••••••••••• 

LITTLE CAESAR'S 
(Regellls & COI'unor ) 546-8886 

Free large drink or cm!.)' bread with any piaa! 
pizza order. 

NORTH COAST CLEANERS 
(Beh/lld UTC, IIear Rubio S I 

$1 ,00 off eaeh dry cleaning Item (no limit) or $,99 
hand fi nished,laundered men" dre s hirt (on 
hanger) wi th any dry c\eanin.:\ order. (limit 5) 

SUBWAY (Costa Verde & Mlfa ,\far Rd. West) 
Free large drink and chip with any footlong ub 
purchase. 

SALMON HOUSE R ESTA RANT 
( /II Marilla Village) 

:2 for I dinner (up to $16 value) 7 -days a wcek. 
STANLEY H. KAPLAN ED. CENTER 

(4700 Clairelllont Mesa BLVD) 
10% off tuition 

1(800) KAP·TF.ST 

MOONDOGGIES (next ro Hardrock) 
2 for I entrces 7 days a week, Watch ads for 
addi tional specials, 

THE COMEDY STORE 
(IIIW Jolla) 454·9176 

2 for I admission Wet!, Thur , Sun with 

, Q RUSH, Is 
THERE HOPE G:~ 

unday, Oclober 181h, Ihe UC~J 
Greeks hosl tld the thml ann uaJ EXCEL 
RegIOnal Leadership Conference 
Crall: PelcI""on , D,rector of Campus 
Scn'lce for the auonal Inlerfratemity 
Confcrcncc ( 1C)"'aS a fcalUre speaker 
on Rush In Ihc '90' Thc Naltonal 
Inler FralCmll} Conference ,s nol a 

IXlhc~ makmg bod),. rather II selVes as 
a rc.ource for thc nalJonaJ headquarters 
• nd local chaplcr~ PClcrson and the 

~IC', foell' for Ihe I,me being IS 
mcmhcr.;lllp recrullmenl Across Ihe 
cuunll'}, la,1 ) car was the flf<111l the 
Insll\\ en I)' 10 sec membership aclually 
doclillc Pcten;oll ""Y' Ihere arc many 
1Xl'''lbthlJ· on wh) Rush numbers are 
<1<.)\\" , lack of I nICn:s1 and cost head the 
1,,1 i'lcmbershlp IS declining while 
Ihe benefll' of JOllllng a fralernily or 
soronl) arc higher Ihan ever The 
number one siudeni COllcerll coming 
11\10 c(~legc I< flllllll: In and connccu ng 
\11th Ihe c .mp'" III a lime of dechnlng 
fanllhaJ IIlnucnces and slUdcnts loolong 
for a place 10 belong, a support group 
hke a fralenuty or somnty IS IIwaluabie. 
Chaplers need 10 ensure Ihal Ihe 
flIlIlC,ples on "ilich they were founded 
arc nOI losi . and even more, make 
cerl.1I n thi S IS shown to rushees 

Thc NIC IS looking 10 change the 
Image of Ru,h 10 IIICre3.';C membership 
Petcr..on encourJges Greeks 10 reach 
oul 10 sludcnls who are wloccidcd aboul 
beconllng Greek Pelerson also ho~s 
thai Gree k orgrull1.at,OI'S WIll approach 
non · memhers as fnends by 
cmphasI71llg per_onal contact He 
" anls 10 bnllg RlI~h down 10 the level 
of >I mply makll'g fnend- alld leaVing 
alllhc lingo hclllnd 

Nali llnall). f raicllllOes and soronl"" 
w,lh a p.1rtlL:ular clh ill c cmphasl~ are 

glU\'lIl~ 'n,e NIC I~ oolll~elcly bch".d 
Ihal growth because 1'I!1C1'S01l fcc1- Iilal 
Ihe RlI~h proccs> IS not keell,ng lip 

1\ 

II 

11 

It's Thursday nlghl, you go to Ihe 
sa me place to rcia,; among fcll o '" 
~~=:!t: (==i Greeks You pay three dollar< 10 gel III 

reservation , 

BOOKSTAR (Costa Verde) 
Additional 10~ off with Greek Card (nol good 
with Reader's ChOice card .) 

w,th the lime:.. and thedlvc!'. lI) of Ihe R~( ~ Q~~~.) 
colleglale campus lie S:I) , I h~t In 
mo.l of Ih e COll nil ), e'IJhllshed 
fra telnille, and ,omnlle, are not r '" If\ 
offenll!: U,e hcncf,l., h,. u 'orawlllg a f===::C==~L~r • .., 
largcaillounll) J"l'hlt ) ~I 'I of the 

r .
f.': ' ~thedoorandanotherbuekrora IDOL 

~ beer thallaSlcs likl' II 'S becn ru n ulI\lugh 
your gym ocks 

\ . rf Nol anym re' i'0\V evc'1 Thursda) 
ff. OIghllhere will be a fealurud club Ihal I.( Gr-~J appreclales Greeks loondoggles, 
'=' ( ~ owned b) Brell i'ldler, a 2 .... year.old 

Long Beach State alum nus, is offering 
dollar plnls of Black & Tans. Samuel 
Adams, Bass. and GUlness With no 

If. cover charge O lher upcoming POSslbllilles Include Salmoo Hou>c. El 
Torito. Torrey's and the 1 ... 1 10lla 
Brewing Compall) Don'l _ellie for 
lasl year's high pnres and poor qUallly 
All establis hm ents partlCl pallllg In 
Greek Nlghl agree ahead of Illne 10 
/lew Greek qualilY and pnce 
standards. Watch for Greek 'Ighl 
locations in Ihe Greek Colu mns 
calendar T his Thursday, 
Moondoggle's IS Ihe place 10 be l 

\\'e,1 Coasl G lce, )rgJIlII.Jllon~ arc 

lei u, know where you ~hop, we' ll cui the deal Drop sugg 's luJilS II' Ihe 
I FC or PallhellelllC mailbox 

Ihe exceplloll uue III auopllng a more ~2;::S:::=;x::;r-u 
progres,,' e dllliude IIlJln Iocr \I=~\.Q~~~~~J~ 
chapleJ1' An c.\3mplc of thJI dlve!'.,ly :"' 

SPORTS 
CORNER 

October 26th stans thiS year' banner 
compeltllOll Ooth ISS and I Fe start the 
year wlIh Volleyball T he volleyball 

raws are this week for both ISS and IF 
f'or IFC, evenls vary In their po".1s value 
belween 50 and 100 POlillS All ISS 
sporls are worth 100 poinL~ 

IFCI1 SS spons are bOlh coordlll3lcd 
by the UCSD Inlramllral Departmell l 
under the direction of \hke Ihpp. UCSt) 
Intramural s provides thi S service through 
an aggreement WIth we and Panhellcnic 
Evenl results and overall standings will 
be covered in Greek Columns throughout 
the year. 

was d"pla}cd al U(,SI),s Excel ~ ~ ~ )) 
1992-93 IFCIISS SPORTS SCHEDULE I~ "" ~ 
SPORT IFC pts ISS pts 

Volleyball Oct. 26-29 100 Oct. 26-29 100 
Tennis Nov. 7-8 50 Nov. 7-8 100 
Football Nov 15-20 100 -- -

I.T. Water Polo Jan. 26-28 100 Jan. 26-28 100 
Bowling Feb. 16 50 -- -

Basketball Mar. 1-4 100 3/31 - 4/1 100 
Over-the-Line Apr. 24 50 -- -
Beach Vollevball May 1-2 SO -- -
Soccer May 3-7 100 Mar. 2-5 100 
Softball May 25-27 100 May 4-7 100 .. 

THURS FRI SAT SUN MON TUES WEDS . 
Greek Columns 10122 AI,ohoI A~'~D WH' 23 

ll;llO pm Cindi Umb 
Co-founder of MADD 

'"II'. YOII Chain'· 
P.e. Co •• 

24 25 Alcohol Awaterda WHir. 26 Alcohol Awar~ntu Wuk 27 AI~ AWllfft'lCCII W«1r. 2f 

) 

J 

Greek Nile 
MOONDoG<iI ES 

11 ·2 pm P.e. Piau 29 
AAW '92 Fair 

IFClISS 
Volleyball 
Greek Nile 

MOONDCXiGIES 

Greek Column., 5 

Greek Nite 
MooJ'o/Dooo.ES 

4 ·.lO-7.~ - P,C. "' .... 
'w Dud ~tJlkm<n' 

30 

6 

Alroh<lI 
AWlrnwn: \.\Iult 

IFClISS 
Tennis 

31 

7 

AI"""'" 
A .... rcnn:a Week 

111 1 

IFC/ISS 
Tennis 

8 

Ao n PeneuIn's 
Nlghl7. IOpm 

IFCIISS 
Vollevball 

2 

9 

·9 pm · P.C. Ball · FlUE 
'1'00"",'" from ilIe Edll<' 

PIII1FC M .. unp 

I FCiI SS 
Volleyh.111 

3 
ELt:CTION OA Y 

Board of Direclors 
Me~\ln, 

10 
Doyle Volunleu r.ny 

PIIIIFC M""Iin.5 

. .,.-/ . "-J 
Greek Coluyslll''IS produced by the UCS D ~nterfralem'ty Counci~ and Panhcllcnic·A.soc.ation (619) 534-6657 

11 ·1 pm 
~tockhLlI. COr.l~tition 

PC PI.", 

IFOI SS 
Vollevball 

6'/\6 
Auction 

10 Renefi. 
Children'S Hospi~1 

11 ·2 Price Cenl .. 

4 

11111 

',. 

VETERAN'S DAY f=''F :') 
'r '\ 0 \ 



.'.! 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SKYDIVE TODAY I with Skydiving AD-
VENTURES, Inc. $20 student dis-
count. 800-526-9682. (1015-1213) 

ASIO INTERNSHIPSI Application ma-
terials for Winter internships due: 101 
23. P.C. third floor. room 3.303. 534-
4689. (10119-10122) 

Quest for knowledge ... quest for the 
exotic ... quest for the Holy Grail .. . it's 
all within reach at the OUest Interna-
Uonal Felr, Friday, Oct.2l,10-3p.m_, 
InternaUonal c.nt.r. (10/19-10122) 

Still think of the Sun God as some big. 
ugly bird? Maybe its time togaina new 
perspective . Study/workftravel 
abroad. How? QUESTI Frtday, Oct. 
23. 10-3 p .m., International c.nter. 
(10/19-10122) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
Fairmai(s ..................... 222-<l220 
La Sandale .................. .488-1 134 

UCSDEATS 
BJ's Pizza ................... .455-0662 
Cafe Zero ..................... 457 -4365 
Mr. rs Cafe ................. 755-7642 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453-0286 
Sehor Pesca ................ 457·0597 
UC5DAlnO 
C & 0 Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Aulo ............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ........................... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUn 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560.()325 
UCSD HWTH • FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535-1379 
Trim & Tan .................... .455-0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 4n-4945 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452-7374 
Eyes of La Jofla .............. 597-2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455-5795 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 
UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 452·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hyperlearning ............... 455-1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·8REW 
Old Columbia Brewery . 234·8REW 
Del Mar Stuft Pizza ...... 481 -STUFT 
Torrey's ........ ................ 587-1414 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226· t 733 
Kinkos .......................... 457-3n5 
Name of the Game (Comia) 274-GAME 
Society Billiard Cafe ..... 272-POOL 
St. Germain's ............... 455-1414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

The UC D Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only). $3 for faculty and staff, and $4/01' others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 pm. Mondayfor Thursday's issue_ The Guardian resen'es the right to refuse 
allY advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more in/onnarioll 
call534-5416.Mailillg address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifteds,9500Gilman Dlive, 
03/6, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, lOp floor. 

Euphoria BBS. Brand NEW 11200 and 
2400 bauds. Wildcat. FREE . Online 
Software 558-7104.24 hrs. (1011-101 
22) 

Our hiking club Includes everyone 
from tourists to mountain climbers 
from the city of Khar1<ov in Ukraine. 
Every year we go on tours and expe -
ditions of varying difficulty to the 
Caucuses, Pamir . Tia-Shen and 
other mountain ranges of the former 
Soviet Union. Our leading athletes 
have conquered the 8.000-meter 
peaks of the Himalayas: Everest. 
Lhotse, Kanchenjungaand Manaslu. 
We would like to make contact with 
similar groups and individuals abroad 
who share our interest . If you are 
prepared to sacrifice certain com-
forts . we will acquaint you with moun-
tainous areas inaccesible to foreign 
tourists. For further information, 
please write : Andrey V . Shpak. 
Sumskaya Street 118 . • 8. Kharkov. 
UKRAINE. (10/19-10/22) 

SNOWBOARDERS at UCSD unite I 
The "Shredheads· are forming a club 
for all interested snowboarders and 
for those who want to learn America's 
fastest growi ng winter sport. Call Sean 
at481 -9608 for more info and meeting 
dates. (10/19-10122) 
Daniels Ceblevlslon, Del Mar TV 38 
iscurrentiy accepting resumes for Win-
terl Spring interns to produce. write, 
shoot and edit local news stories and 
PSAs. Other duties include market· 
ing. public relations and administra· 
tion. Contact AlP or ASIO or send 
cover letter and resum6to: Lynn Yuen. 
Daniels Cablevision 240 Tenth Street. 
Del Mar. CA 92014. No phone calls 
please. (10/19-1 0/22) 

November 1 

Politically correct quiz: Columbus a) 
discovered b) exploited c) explored a 
"new world: Do it the right wayl Ex-
plore Ouest Intemationall Wor'f./stuctyl 
travel abroad lair Friday. Oct. 23, 10-
3 p.m . at International Center. (10122) 

1blgry?1 Tantaize yax tasmuds lor ex-
ciEmer« v.;t, the ultimate ~ 01 a 
Ife1imeICOmeil:CLesI r.anaIionaIWOt'tcJ 
studyl1ravel abroad fair Friday. Oct 23. 10-
3 p.m . at ImernaIionaI CenW. (t<Y.22) 

Plan Muir graduation '931 Committee 
meets soon I Contact Amy. Muir Dean's 
Office. 534-3587. Act nowl (10122) 

, 

Deicious Chinese Food -low tatlchcr 
!esteroll 'Work for yourhealth" wA..i1y L..oh 
10122 7-8:30 p.m. 457~. (1 <Y.22) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIPS. Most positions filled by Nov. 
Gain val. expo managing 6-8 employ-
ees. customers. and suppliers. Avg. 
earnings 6-16.000+. Call ·University 
Painting Pros." Infolappl. Call 800-
525-5877. (9121-1213) 

EARN 51 ,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
ciraJlarsl ... BeginNOWI .. . FREEpacketl 
SEYS. Dept 19. Box 400. Cordova. TN 
38018-4000. (9121-1112) 

Earn $500-$1000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. For details - RUSH $1 
with SASE to : GROUP FIVE. 57 
Greentree Drive. Suite 307, Dover. 
DE 19901 . (10/8-11/19) 

PAID MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIP. 
Gain marketing. sales. customer 
service, production. accounting and 
human relations experience from tihe 
largest corporation in tihe industry with 
the longest proven track record . We 
guarantee $2.500 in compensation 
with vast opportunity for more. Call 
Student Works Painting (formerly 
Student Painters). 1-800-394-6000. 
limited poSitions available. (10/12-21 
8193) 

Greek 
Columns 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1-800-
333-3737 ext. P-3387, (10122) 

Looking forbright. energetic, outgoing 
femalestudentloserveascompaniont 
tutorldriverfor 14 yr. old Country Day 
freshman. 8-10 hours per week. Pay 
open.792-3511125!Hi130.(10119-101 
22) 

GREAT JOBSI Enhance your 
resume , help improve UCSD 
academic programs and earn $6 per 
houri If you are a moUvated . 
enthusiastic. articulate student, The 
Pacific Group wants youl Call 563-
2000. (10/22) 

EARN $500 ormore weekly forstuffing 
envelopes at home. Send long SASE 
to: Country Uving Shoppers. Dept. 
J19. P.O. Box ln9 . Denham Springs. 
LA 70727. (10122) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT. 
Make money teaching English abroad. 
Japan and Taiwan. Room & board 
provided. Make $2,000-$4,000.. per 
month. Financially & culturally 
rewardingl For employment program 
call : (206) 632-1146 ex\. J5976. (101 
22-1112) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bart - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3788 Elliott St. 
Student discounts. 226-1962. (9121-
1213) 

Grants, Loans. Scholarships. We can 
find financial aid for every student 
regardless of grade point average or 
family income. Guaranteed. Call toll 
free 1-800-475-2288ext. 1519. (9/21-
10129) . 

ViolinlViola lessons. You or your 
child(ren) can learn from an experi-
enced, professional teacher. Now ac-
cepting students - all ages and lev-
els welcome I Call Conrad : 466-0525. 
(9/21-1213) 

See 
GREEK 
COLUMNS 
on 

PAGE 11 

Thursday, October 22, 1992 

QUALITY BARBERINGII La Jolla 
BarberShop. Quality Barber. HairCuts 
sa.oo. 7760 Faye Ave, Suite F. 459-
5792. (9121-10126) 

ON-CAMPUS TUTOR living in Muir 
dorms 24 hour service for freshmen 
classes. Call 558-8728. (9128-11/5) 
PIANO LESSONS from patient. expe-
rienced. local teacher. Classical. p\:lpU-
Iar. all levels welcome. Joan Kurland. 
457-8065. (9128-10122) 

ATIORNEY. DUI, Landlord-Tenant. 
DiscriminationfHarassment. Immigra-
tion or Consumer Problems? AF-, 
FORDABLE STUDENT RATES. 450-, 
6803 . (1018-11/9) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 while you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germain'li 
452-~949. (10112-1213) 

CLAR I NET/ SAXOPHON E/FLUT~ 
LESSONS. All ages/levels welcome. 
Over 10 years teaching experience. 
Call 698-2232. (10/12-10122) 

WORD PROCESSING! DESKTOP 
PUBLISHING - papers. resumes. 
manuscripts. etc. Laser printing. Rush 
service available. Sharon 481 -7604. 
(10115-10122) 

Vegas. 3 days hotel. airfare. meals. 
show. car $79/person. New Wave 
Travel. 576-1141 . (10/15-11/5) 

Editorial- to help organize your writ-
ing. Marginal comments/final copies. 
Degree in English. Joan 560-1 631 . 
(10/19-11/5) 

Word processing including various 
technicaVprograms and graph. The 
Ouick Typist. 581-7212. (10/19-101 
22) 

TRAFFIC SCHOOL $14.50 with this 
ad. Sat. Sun .• weekdays, eves. 12 
locations 296-0233. (10/22-11/2) 
FREE HAIRCUTSIII People who are 
ready to change and update thel r look. 
Essence Salon 453-9477. (10122) 

SAVE ON AUTO INSURANCE. Staffl 
students. no obligation. get free quote. 
530-0287. Mike. (10122) 

WANTED 
Wanted : Drummer. singer. bassist to 
form serious band. Influences: U2, 
Pink Floyd. Van Halen. Must be cre-
ative and proficient. Call Luke, 558-
2007. (10/19-10/22) 

VOCALIST WANTED for original 
band. Must be diverse, creative and 
open-minded. Equipment a plus. Lee. 
625-0801 . (10/22-11/5) 

FOR SALE 
Guitars. 2 acoustic steel strings. per-
fect condition, new strings. Still in box: 
586-7928. (9128-10122) 

ARE YOU PLANNING TO BUY OR 
SELL A CAR? I can help you ~void 
tihe hassle and frustration. Save your 
time and money. Call Marc for a free 
consunation. 558-2575. (1 0/5-10122) 

Guitars, 2 acoustic steel strings. per-
fect condition. New strings. Still in 
box. $75 and $100. 586-7928. (10/5-
10122) 

MACINTOSH PLUS. 20MB external 
hard drive. Modem included. Software. 
Excellent condition . $600. Susana 
558-7927 evenings. (10/12-10126) 

King size Ortho mattress (extra firm) 
wood headboard. box springs. metal 
frame. $250. Dresser set (2 and 6 
drawer). $40 each. $701set; standing 
lamp, $15. Call evenings: 625-0712. 
(10/15-10122) 

1985 Ford Mustang. 5.0 Liter excel-
lent condition. great stereo. $4.000 
obo. 622-9165. (10115-10122) 

HAWAII: Kona. Maui or Oahu. 5 days 
hotel. roundtrip airfare $3191person. 
New wave travel 576-1141. (10115-
11/5) 

Thursday, Octobl'r 22, 1992 

Futon + frame $99 unused. Full mat 
set $75. Sofa and Ioveseat still in 
plastic $285. Can deliver. 222-4771 . 
(10/19-1213) 

IBM PC jr including color monitor, 
Epson printer, two cordless keyboards, 
mouse. software, $3250bo. 566-8413. 
(10/19-10122) 

U2tickets. Nov. 10. fourof them. great 
field seats. call11eave message. 942-
4128. (10/19-10126) 

Skis - Merite Integra SX 195 em T)'IOia 
570blndings. Greatooncition. $1 65Ibest. 
Todd 457-9710. (10119-1<Y.22) 
Morrissey tickets (2) for Halloween 
show at Del Mar. $28.50 each. 452-
7102. (10/19-10122) 

U2 tickets - Dodger Stadium - Oct. 
30. 2nd row box seats, center (2) -
$50 each obo. Floor seats (2) - $75 

each obo. Call 450-4683. (10/19-101 
22) 

PRINTER. EPSON LO-51 O. 24-pin wI 
cable $175 obo. Henry 622-0919. (101 
19-10/22) 

Plane ticket San Diego-Minnesota. 
Dec. 14. Call Brett 793-0728. (10/19-
10/26) 

SEIZED CARS. trucks , boats . 
motorhomes, 4wheelers. by FBI,IRS, 
DEA. Available your area now. Call 1-
800-333-3737 ext. C-7556. (10/19-
11/12) 
Packard Bell 386X legend, 40mb-ex-
pandable. 2400 modem. mou!1e. 14 
inch.41 VGA monitor. 51/4drive. 31 / 
2drive,muchintegratedsoftware. l11 
2 yrs. old, $1 ,495, call 622-0559. (101 
22-10126) 

Snare drum. good condition . 452-
3003. (10122) 

Christmas tickets for sale-RT-Detroit-
Cheap. Negotiate- dalescanbechanged 

~ necessary. 534-{)5()3. (10/22-10126) 

Aqualung Aquarius regulator w/octo-
pus. BC Hook-up and Oceanic triple 
console. +80 cc aluminum tank. A 
steal at $200. CaJ1622-o559. (10122-
10126) 

TREK 7000 "mioum mountain bike. 
Shimano LX. matrix eqllipped computer 
new $675. $425, 587-8255 Jon. (10122) 

2 TIckets B-52s + Violent Ferpmes 
Oct. 25 8 p.m. Sports Arena Lower 
Level, $30 each obo. 587-8255, Jon. 
(10122) 

13" Sharp. color television (like new). 
Fischer VCR (brand new) botih for 
$265. 453-2662. (10122) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: Oakley sunglasses wI 
achechupiz. identify for return. or my 
gain. Matsumoto 223-9503. (10/19-
10122) 

Binder notebook left at Guardian of-
fice. History notes inside . Call 534-
3466. (10122-1 0/29) 
FOUND Ladies watch on 10120. Call 
436-2230 and describe. (10122) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted : Own bedroom & 
bath. Security bldg. underground park-
ing. wash/dry in apt .. pool. jacuzzi. 
large weight room. racquetball court. 
Call Tom at457-8123. $370/month or 
leave message. (10/1-10/29) 

Rooms avalble for rent in Clairemont. 
$223-232 plus deposit. Call Karen at 
541 -2073. (10/15-10/26) 

Wanted : roommate to share furnished 
condo with two others , $360 + 113 
utilities. Seven minutes from UCSD. 
Laundry, pool included. Want prefer-
ably young professional or grad stu-
dent. Call 558-1278 for more info. 
(10/19-10122) 

MY NAME IS DEaBtE. I am new in 
lawn and I like to hike. bike and be 
OUldoors . Let 's gel together. BOX 
.SI'2 
I'M LISA. I like to go 10 dance Clubs 
and I'm Into modern roell. muscles. 
lakes and paSSionate people. If you 
are between '8& 22. call BOX.30S0 
CINDY. ME A TALL BLOHO whO Iokes 
to hike. camp and walch the stars. 
You. tall , sweet , romantic and a cool 
convertible wouldn't hurt. Box *0006 

HEY. GIVE ME A CAlLI We WIn have 
lots of tun togethe<l Try someone new 
YClJ won' be dsappotrted. BOX'21 80 
HI. THIS IS MARK I am 25 and 
new to Ihis campus as a grad SIU· 
dent . I am looking lor a lady who 
enjoys be ing Wined . d,ned and 
,emanced. If you appreclale the 
finer Ihlngs In IIle . leave me a 
message and we will go from there 
and see whal happens. BOX 'S992 

PAIl, CALL AND LEAVE your rurrber 
<rod we can talk person to person. Box 
.l1OOO9 
I'M TERESA. I'm oulgoing. friendly 
and a caring person. I am not Into 
meeting peopte in bars. I am looking 
forward to lalking to you I BOX'0031 
BEV. IF YOU WANT. someone won· 
derful. call my box nowl Box IKlO38 
HI. I'M JUDY AND I ..,iII return alt 
calls. Talce a chance. Box 10047 
I'M KATE. I WANT A CRAZY BOY 
who can dance all night If you have 
the energy. give me a call . Box 
t6372 

MY NAME fS RICK AND I'm Inlo 
tennis and gall and hot babes. I'm 
six foot . slim . strong and blond. 
Let's roc~1 Box '~226 
I'M NEW IN TOWN AND WANT TO 
MEET PEOPLE-Any sex . nalion· 
allty or re li gion Loo~ i ng for 
friends Box .4272 
Remember. you un press Ihe • 
sign on your Touch Tone phone 10 
skip ahead . 
MEET SOMEONE NEW on the 
TrltonTel Personals todayl 

The UCSD Glla'nlian 

Roommate wanted : Male or female. 
Large house off Governor. own room. 
share BA. $320. 558-7885. (10/22-
10129) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

PilSS or don't PilY! 

Share comfortable house near beach 
in Encinitas. Sundeck. garden. laun-
dry. Nonsmoker. environmentally 
aware. $375. 9<42-4804. (10/19-101 
26) 

Room for rent In condo. $324 nls. 
Responsible female wanted to join 
mellow household. 457-0131 . (10/19-
10129) 

Own room. clean, quiet. fumished. 
Share Clairemont condo with UCSD 
student. $310/mo. Utilities included. 
272-8758. (10122-10126) 

SMOG $1599* CHECK • 
Playmor condo 5 min. from UCSD 
3BR. 2.5BA. all appliances. pool. fire-
place. $1200Imo., 693-8259. (10/19-
10129) 

Roommate needed - New condo in 
Mira Mesa. Master BR fully furnished. 
all amenities . $400 + 1/2 utilities. 271 -
8995. (10/19-10122) 

FOR RENT: 2BR 2BA condo. 5 min. 
to UCSD, dishwasher. washer-dryer. 
pool, jacuzzi. $950, 281 -7551 . (101 
22-10/29) 

Roommate wanted - MlF. $270 per 
month. $130 deposit. Del Mar. 792-
2522. Ocean viewl (10122) 
UNIVERSITYCITYS295. 1or2'M>men 
needed for own room(s) in nice four BR 
house. Patio. piano, cable TV. washerl 
dryer. 12 minutes to UCSD. Nosmokersf 
petsJdrugs. 534-2391 or 534-3383 (mes-
sage). (10122-1116) 

~ 
710wers £! 9;Jis 

Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

an Diego. CA 92122 
558·6666 

PERSONALS 
MEXICO: Puerto Vallartaor Mazatlan, 
4 days hotel, roundtrip airfare, $2751 
person. New wave travel. 576-1141 . 
(10115-11/5) 

Singer; Rock&Roll and blues singer 
with range and power of Orbison. 
Morrison, WOlf. Waters and Presley. 
looking to start band . Call Bradley. 
622·9165. (10/15-10122) 

ZBTs - See you Friday for a groovy 
exchange and the Newlywed 
Game ... Whoopee I AXn. (10122) 
Phi Kappa Theta looks forward 10 a 
rockln' exchange with Sigma Alpha 
Mu and Kappa Kappa Gamma on 
Friday. (10/22) 

Mom - I won't embarrass you in front 
of the whole school with your age. but 
happy birthday. - Cisco. (10/22) 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
" llh j).Jf\hoCJl' uiS 10 ,. ml.lfC 
\lIt \..JIJ ",uti ,/In) uch..-.. t~!." 

.. 
' '11. OtUvtr 
Wand Wid<' 

STUDY PARTlERS 
CARPOIUC 

SHARE IElTALStWIOMAmi 
IUCEmLM 

NATIOIIAL TICKET FINDERS 
II e-ta. s.-uo.--_~_"'" ,""-_ .... -

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 
AHEAD 

TICKET 
X-ING 

Welcome to our nltlon_1 tlckel 
f,nder serv ice You can call and 
reserve concert IIcke ts. spo rting 
evenl Ilckels and Ihealre t ickets 
by uSing your vi sa or c hec~lng 
account or money order So call 
and reserve your IIckets today 
We have U2 , Mlch.el Jackson, 
Bruce Sprongsleln and many more . 
Call ' Campus Connecl ion - 10 
receive your 10% Discount 
(Message -1) 
We have _II NBA, NFL. National 
end American League Baseball . 
NHl . and all malar college SP0rl ' 
,n9 events If there IS a game you 
wanl 10 see we Will get you t,ckets 
for you or your group Please use 
Ihe pas sword ' Campu s 
Connection" to receive you r 10% 
discount. (Me ssage '2) 
We offer IIcket roe.rvellon ser· 
vice for all Nat ional Theatre per · 
formaneDs . Ballet . Symphony and 
all Malor Plays for every Mala r 
C,ly Please mention your pass· 
wo rd ' Campus Connecl ion - 10 
rec eive your 10% discou nt 
(Message '3) 
Remember. you cen press the • 
sign on your Touch Tone phone 10 
skip ahead 
MEET SOMEONE NEW on Ihe 
T"tonTel Personals tOday I 

_ plus $7.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $2 s. 99 
Brakes Speclal* $60 
Includes new pads or shOes. 
resurface rotors 0' drums. 
check hydraulIC system. road test. 
12 mo./12.000 mile warranty 
4 moSI cars 

C • D Auto Care 
Mon . .f'rt. 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

FANTASY TRAVEL 
PACKAGES WITH 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
Welcome to our NaUonal Travel 
Service . We offer s iud eni and 
Alumni DIScounts. We have to% 
off or more on Malar AIr"ne 
Trckets , Hotel Reservations and 
Renl A Cars We have speCial slu-
dent pac~ages for Hawa" . MeXICO. 
D,sneyland and DlSneyworld 
Let us bring you, fantasy to hfel 
Call uS about Sprong Break T"ps . 
Romanhc Gelaways and Cruises 
We can ao.nge every aspeci 01 
your trop. Including LimOUSine and 
Calerong 

PUCE YOUR AD FREE! SEE YOUR 
AD II PRIll _Xl WEE"! 

SEE OUR AD FORM II THE PAPER. 



> ' 

14 SPORTS 

w. SOCCER: 
Pomona shut out 
ContInued from paCe 15 
nally falling on it 

UCSD picked up their final score at 
62: 16, when Dulock found Johnson 
right-<:etter,15 yardsouLJohn5on rock· 
eted off a line drive past Morrison into 
the left side. 

WhiletheTrilOn offen<;ekepc pound. 
ing away upf.eld. UCSD's defense kep 
goalkeeperCari Schwanz bored all day. 
noc allowing a ingle shot ru the fresh· 
man keeper. 

In their last two games, the Tritons 
have outsbol their opponents 35-1. 

McManus was very impressed with 
the effort of his team. "We had every· 
body doing their job today. and if they 
weren \ the others were picking up the 

The UCSD Gu.rdi.n Thursd. y, October 22, 1992 

Volleyball Loses 
to Chapman; 
Fencers Host 
Bladenmner 
Women's voIeybaIl 

The women' volleyballteamlostat 
0Iapnan College 00 Tuesday, drop-
ping three sets in a row. 15-5. 16-14. 15-
5.The loss, the team' s fifth straigll. 
dropped the Tritons,last year's JlalionilI 
championship runners-up to 6- 14wilh 
four conleSl~ remaining on this year's 
regular season schedule. 

~ I ack. We're fmally playing as a team," McOowell/ GtJatdran 
the coach said. Katy DuIock ran circles ..oooct the Pomona-Pltzef' defense Monday, leading UCSO to the win. 

Laura Kranz led the ream wi!h 14 
kills 00 the night Kranz leads the tc4n 
in kill this year. picking up 188 so f)lf. 
Julie Harvey i second on the team with 
III. 

Brent Egusa takes to the air to l et his shot off acalnst Southern California CoIle.e. 

The "Sun" is. always Trim& Tan 2TANS$:[ 
Lose 6" Guaranteed 

European Body Wrap-only $48 
Not a lempQfll') .. atff loss • Reduce ce~e and stIetCf'lIT\lltr.S 

--------------~ 
: 3TANS FOR$15 : 

With <""poll onll' I'.J<pJ ... J J12Z,92 

.ffi·IfflWN,tMU.!§ii'Ifi·MI(;1 ! Ii ~} J ' EX, EM 
Chess 

Tournament 

Saturday, October 24th, 1992 
12:00 noon 

Price Center Gameroom 
Ho ur O pen : 

Mon - Fri: 9:00 ;un tu 11 :00 pm 
Sa tu rday: Noon to 11 :00 pm 

Sun d ay: Noon to 8:00 p m 
P hone: 534-5390 

~ 
AM E 
OOM 

IN 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

leals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

SurfOOards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitters 

Computers 

Tutors 
and more in 

The Guardian 
Classifieds. 

What do 
you need? 

M. SOCCER: 
Tritons lose despite 
dominating Vanguards 
ContInued from ..... 16 
has fallen 001 of playoff contention. 
Annstrong has conceded that the reo 
mainder of the season will be used as 
early preparation for 1993. "I can take it 
[losing) if we learn from it We can Ieam 
our lessons and apply them to next 
year." Annstrong said. 

The Tritons, winless in the ir last four 
outings. take on Westn}iroSterCollege at 
home on Friday afternoon. Annstrong 
is downplaying his squad's chances 
against Westminster. ''They're better 
than Westmont and Grand Canyon. so 
you figure it out." said Annstrong. 
UCSD 1051 to both Westmont andGrand 
Canyon earlier !hi season. 

UCSD next travels to St. Louis this 
weekend for the Washington Univer· 
sity Invitational. Washington is the de· 
fending Divsion ill nruional champion. 
fencing 

The UCSD fencing team hOSled its 
lirst meet of the year. the UCSD 
Bladerurmertoumament.last weekend. 

The tourney. an annual fundraising 
event. fearured I 10 fencers from all 
overSouthemCalifomia.Collegeteams 
as well as unaffilirued fencers from San 
Diego participated in the event. 

Top finishers for UCSD included 
Aaron Shebest in men'sfoil who placed 
fourth in a field of 43. 

On the women's side Moriah 
McCauley took fifth for UCSO in the 
women's foil. 

Othertopperfonners incl uded fresh· 
man Gabe Lawson. Chri Moody, 
Trevor Oppliger and Yumi Ni hiyama. 

..• " ,,·;'~,(· i·::: LY FOR 

ST" DENl\~~ENT -::::::=:=::::::::~~~::~A;:.:::~:s~~~~~~ r "-:::'· 

Excellent 
opportunity 
to represent 
University of 

California 
students 

Applications 
are due by 
5:00 pm, 

November 6, 
Chancellor's 

Office. 

Current Student Regent Alex Wong will be on 
campus October 23, at 11:00 AM in the Davis/ 

Riverside Room, 2nd floor, Price Center to 
will be discussing the latest Regent meeting, 

including budget information. 

Applications are available at the following locations: 
• AS Offices, e GSA Office, eChancellor's Office 
• Student Info, Price Center (EDNA) 
• College Dean I s Offices 
• School of Medicine 

Thursday, October 22, 1992 The UCSD Guarclian 

Oan McDowel l/ Guardian 
Heather Sears looks to pau durbC Monday's victory. Sears scored UCSO's first goal of the 2-0 win. 

UCSD Keeps Up the Pressure 
By Oreta Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It 's home sweet home for UCSO. 
The Tritons close out their season with 
five games at UCSO, and they can only 
hope the lasr three go as well as the fll'St 
two . After drubbing Westmont 
UJ last Friday. the Tritons gO! by a 
tougher Pomona·Pitzer team, 2-D. on 

Katy Dulock took a comerkick from the 
left ide and booted it high across the 
mouth of the goal. 

Diana Muchowski was there for the 
Tritons, getting her head on the ball and 
knocking it almost straight up. Sagehen 
goalie Sakari MOllison went for the 
ball, but it got behind her, falling to a 
waiting Heather Sears. Sears gOl: the 

shot off, and 
UCSD led I-D. 

Morri so n 
didn't make an· 
other mistake for 
a whi le. Even 
with the Tritoll~ 
firing shot after 
shO! ru the fresh· 
man. she kept her 
cool. On the day, 
the Tritons rined 
off 18 shots at 
Morrison, scor· 
ing only twice. 

But the im· 
portant factor for 
UCSD and Head 
Coach Brian 
McManus wa 
that the team 
nevergotdiscour· 

Dan McDowell/GuarDian ed and 
Carin Pugh brIn&s the bel down on a breakaway ag kep up 

the attack. 'Their 
Monday. 

It was a tougher win for UCSO than 
the stats show. The TrilO!1S scored a1. 
most immediately, and then were held 
scoreless Wllil the 62 minute mart: de· 
spite numerous opportunities. 

The f1I'St UCSD goal came only a 
minute·ancJ·a-half into the cortest when 

keeper played tremendously. but we 
worked hard. We kept the pressure on 
and didn 't give up. That's something 
we've been working on all season," 
McManus said. 

Dulocle was the vanguard of the 
attack all day long. The Marshall Faulk 
of women's soccer. Dulock's quick. 

ness. moves and all ·out speed left 
Pomona·Pitzer watching her back most 
of the game. 

About 14 minutes into the fir.,( haJf. 
Dulock took a pass and staned down the 
right side . She collided with the 
Sugehens' Michelle Himing and both 
hit the ground. Dulock bounced back 
up. regained the 0011 and took off again. 
outrunning Pomona 's surprised 
Woutrina Smith, who hadn 't expected 
opposition fium someone who had been 
on the grntmd a second before. Dul Ie 
f trod off a beauty of a cross to teammate 

The Scoreboard 
UCSD 2 

POMONA·PITZER 0 

Jennifer Ewen whose shot missed just 
right of the post 

At the 55:30 point. the Tritons reo 
ceived a scare when Michelle CarlJone. 
oneofUCSO'sfeweKperiencedretum· 
ees. went down clutching herankJe. The 
team was already injury-<lepleted with 
the 10 s of junior midfielder Eva 
Kingsbury 10 a ~prained ankle and 
Amanda Johnson nO! completely reo 
covered from her own ankle injury. 

Carbone left the game, but,luckily. 
the fullback was able to return to action 
later. 

Dulock created anocher golden 0p-
portunity for the Tritons five minutes 
later when she arced a hOI from 25 
yards out. sending Morrison scrnmbling 
back. The keeper barely made it, tipping 
the ball up once. then twice before fi· 

See W. SOCCER, Page 14 

0111 McOowetI/~'" 
.... d8LuI (2) ... Mich ... c.rIIone (22) ... In _ .. CIIItnIIItcIIed Poma.e PltLw forward. 

SPOilT 15 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively 'lIN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

Must present coupon and valid UCSO 10 at tme at estimate 
Not valid With ma,or engoo or tronsmlslion repa,1S 

1 1450:9494 1 P.§~ 
.",ro.o", Wjt'o(f 

---

I-mr' 
~ 

IF You HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWs OR AUDIS, 
ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN 'T 

DISCOVERED US YET, ASK US FOR REFERENCES. 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 

E\lemJed son Len~e, 
Il&l Su" SPill 11& I 1114 

$159 $179 
Complete 
Baby blue. hucl & 
emerald. grccn 

• Prof.ssional S.rvic. 
• Qua lity Eyecare 
• Rea.ona ble Prices 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Cla lrcrno nl MCloa Blvd. 3931\ Adam, Ave. 

UCSD FLORAL ANATOMY 101 
I stamen ovule receptacle anthe r filament 

CorOlI" ~ ~Itl __ 

- , .......... 

--- ) ... , 

....:.:..._--- K . OI X , 

t ll.,- _ "'114' ___ =::'-_= 
__ - 1"(I.c.. 

----

corolla pistil calyx petals stigma style 

Where learning is/un -- 6 days a week! 

Flower Market 

open SAT llA - 3:30P and MON-FRI lOA - .J:30P 
453-0880 ON.CAMPUS PRICE C ENTER PLAZA 



16 SPORTS 

ARf 

IIIIIT 
Riding the 
Pine to Glory 

The Blue Jay are looking pretty 
good, eh? One more win. and the 
Worki Series trophy wiU be Canada's. 
In a truly em barrassing moment, a 
Marine Corps color guard fl ies the 
Canadian flag upside down, provok-
ing the wrath of our once-friendly 
neighbors to the nonh. I've never seen 
the Jays gel so fired up. 

The 1992 postseason belongs to 
the OOckup catcher. If ().unon 
Berryhill can win a World Series 
game for the Braves, then anything's 
possible. 

Benyhill. Francisco Cabrera and 
Ed Sprague have won playoff or 
World Series games with their batting 
heroics. Maybe !hal's why tfte Padres 
can't seem to get over the hump. They 
need to re-sign old splinter-ridden 
guys like Steve Swi~her, Bruce B hy 
or Doug Gwosdz to major league 
contracts. If the Pirates had played 
backup Don Slaught in Ganle seven. 
Pinsburgh would surely have won the 
pennanllfthe A's had played Jamie 
Quirk against Toronto, it would have 
been an Oakland in the World Series. 

There's one reason why these 
bench-jockeys are corning through in 
this postseason: pure luck. Acrually, 
several reasons: poor scouting 
reports, a pitcher's tiring arm, a false 
sense of conrldence, and pure luck. 

The catcher has f~h legs and a 
quick bat. and he'slxmed so infre-
quently during the season, opposing 
pitchers don't have (I clue what to 
throw to him. Stars like Morris or 
Smoltz look up at the ~oreboord and 
see something like: "Benyhill-A VG 
.054 HR 0 RBI 3." 

The first rime through the order. 
Morris or Smoltz blows away the 
ovemlalched b.1Ckup catcher with 
three high fastballs. The second time 
through the order. the ace pitcher K's 
the hapless resetVe with three 
hellacious sliders. 

By the seventh inning. the pitcher 
is running out of gas. The OOckup 
snides to the plate. hoping to at least 
foul off one pitch before 100 million 
viewers on na/ional TV. The pitcher. 
tiring and ready for the hook, thinks to 
himself: ''Geez. bases loaded, no outs. 
Oh. Benyhill's up. No problem. he'lI 
ground into (I triple play." 

Guided by this false sense of 
security, the pitcher lets his guard 
down and grooves a hanging 
curveball. CI05ing hi eyes, the 
bench-silter swings with all his mighl 
Five seconds later. a napping pectator 
in the left-rleld bleachers is gening 
smacked upside the head by a 385-
fOO( screaming line drive. Unfatniliar 
with the area outside the batter' box. 
the catcher trips over flrst base, then 
stumbles over second. Rounding third, 
he misses the high-five with the base 
coach and falls flat on his face upon 
(:rossing the plate. No malter. another 
unlikely hero is born. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunoclay. Orlnl ... r 22. 1992 

BrIan Sonnlct.en tries to avoid being spiked by the ....... Southern Ca\\fomIa defender durInI the Tritons 1-0 lou. 

Tritons Can't Capitalize 
MEN'S SOCCER: UCSD ourshoots 
Vanguards, 13-4, only to lose again 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

~ ..• ~L.." 
Men's soccer snatched de-
feat from thejawsofvictory, 
dropping a home match (0 
Southern California Col· 
lege.I.{). on Monday after-
noon. 

The TritOM dominated 
the Vanguards for nearly the mire malch. but one 
defensive breakdown. coupled by several missed 
scoring opponunities for the offense. spelled defeat 
for UCSO (6-6-3). 

UCSO 0UISh0I the Vanguards 134. but the of-
fense was shut out for the second consecutive game 
and third time of the season. 

Head Coach Derek Annstrong anributed the 
defeat on his club's lack of a "killer instinct." 

"We were light years ahead of (sec], but we 
couldn't finish," Annstrong said. 

''They didn't put it away. It could have been 4-0 
or 5'{). We had several 3-oo-I's and 2-oo-I's. It was 
laughable." a fruSlraled Amlstrong added. 

UCSO's otfetlSC has been anemic all season, 
scoring only 14goals in 15 games. "You'vegoctoput 
it in the goal:' Armstrong said. "We reaJly, really 
need some finishing practice." 

The Vanguards scored the only goal ofthecontest 
on a defensive breakdown by the TritOM. The lapse 
occurred when UCSO goalkeeper Michael Madden 
tipped a hot away from the goal mouth. The tip 
bounced offfreshrnan Mike Yen's leg and back into 

Jarret Stevenson eo- up for the ball. 
UCSO's goal. 

The embarrassing score was typical of UCSO's 
season. "We got caught in a missed assignment," 
Armstrong said. "Tn this imtance, we lost a gool. 

"However, iI's 
up to the forwards Tbe SconIboard 
to give us a cush-
ion. We've given 
away a couple or' ' 

UC5D 0 

sec 1 
ganlesbecausewe ~--------------~ 
can't put it in the 
net." Annstrong added. 

UCSD. ranked number one in the preseason poll. 
See M . SOCCER, Page }4 

1118 Week Ahead 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
FENCINQ: The Tritons hasted 
the UCSD Bladenmner tourna-
ment last weekeOO ..... 14 

WOMEN'S SOCCBt UCSD 
foughr for a 2~ win over visiting 

Pomona-Pitzer on Mmlay. 
,..11 

Dan McDoweIi/Guar11I811 

The Headline Matchup: Men's water polo vs. Chamlnade, today at 3:30, CanyonvIew Pool. this should be just a W8l'l1HJp for this weekend's 
4ger Invitational, but the Tritons have to make sure they're not looking past the ban from HawaI. 
Other Games: Women's soccer vs. AzusaPaciflC, Friday at 2 p.m., North Campus Rec. and vs. Cal Poly Pomona, Sunday at 3 p.m., North Campus Rec. Men's soccer vs. Westminster College, 
Friday at 4 p.m., North Campus Rec., and at Point Lorna, Saturday. Women's volleyball at the Washi~on University Invitational Tournament in St. Louis, Friday and Saturday. Men's water polo at 
the 4ger Invitational. Cal State Long Beach, Saturday and Sunday. 



HIATUS 2 

BLACK CROWES: 
Band Combines Political 
Commentary with its Music 
Continued from pace Hl 
they openly admit that they have 
been influenced by u lot of 
differem style, and explore these 
in a powerful, passionate manner 
that is imensely moving and 
unique in an age of depressingly 
boring new music. 

T11e Black Crowes play mu ic 
because they love it. It turm them 
on, and with that attitude, it can't 
help but tum on mo t rock and roll 
funs . That 's exactly what they did 
Sunday night at SDSU's Open Air 
Theatre. 

I pity the poor souls who 
missed this show. The Black 
Crowe' recordings are great, but 
there's nothing like a live ~how to 
add depth and layers of meaning 
to each number. The band 
alternated between songs from the 
first album and the second, 
helping to break up the more 
uniform sound of the newer !.Ong:.. 
The perfomlance was a blend of 

mu ical brilliance, political 
commentary and one of the most 
honest performances we'll ever 
see in the '90s. 

As the band took the stage, the 
glimmering lights silhouel1ed 
Chris Robin on's stick-thin, bell-
bottomed legs. His raspy voice 
hOUled, HI hope you came here to 

have u good fucking time, man!" 
as myriad lightS and disco balls 
illuminated the stage. Beginning 
like a flamboyant La Vegas 
show, with Chri swinging his 
microphone and mutting about in 
green velour trou!>Crs, the band 
broke into an electrifying opener 
of the new album's "No Speak No 

lave." With its references to the 
corruption of organized institu-
tions. the mood wa~ immediately 
set for the deeper mes 'ages to 
come. 

"Sting Me" followed. with 
hri:. ounding like he'd been 

pos. essed by Aretha Franklin. 

The UCSD Guardian ThurMlay, <ktobt-r 22, 1992 

Chris Robinson ... to I1IIIUft of meIIInc feItWes durinc Sunday nichfa performance. 

with special guest 
THE VIOLENT FEMMES 

SUNDAY 
OCTOBER 25 8PM 

SAN DIEGO 
SPORTS ARENA 

Although it doesn't come across 
as such on the album, "Sting Me" 
suddenly becanle imense ly 
political as a backdrop of a black 
crow in Uncle Sam garb was 
hoisted. Robinson wa~ challeng-
ing the government, indeed the 
whole country, to sting him, 
accusing them of having the 
"nel"e to say 'not guillY'" when 
faced by judge and jury. We are 
being lied to, was the Crowes' 
silent me sage. 

The band next broke into an 
energetic "Thick n' Thin" from 
the debut album. Chris. now with 
a backdrop reminiscent of a 
warped. skeletal interpretation of 
"The Last Supper," seemed like a 
true '70s-style Jesu preaching to 
the masses, as brother Rich self-
consciously avoided the gaze of 
the fiery-Ioined females flailing 
directly in front of him. 

The band's cover of Otis 
Redding's "Hard To Handle" 
followed. which must have made 
the legendary soul man rock and 
roll in his grave. Chris finally 
addressed the crowd directly with 
the greeting, "San Diego! Long 
time, no see. man - whatchya 
been doin '?" To which the ever-
intelligent masses chorused, 
"Smoking pot." Chris, as if 
addressing a small, smoky bar 
filled with his most intimate 
friends, politely said, "We're 
gonnajam a lin Ie bit, if that's 
alright with you." And jam they 
did. Mirmring the new album, the 
remainder of the concett was one 
long session of peaks and Valleys, 
starting with an instrumental 
blues-infused tune Chris called a 
"Generous Buzzer." "Thorn In 
My Pride" was next, reviving 
those who had nodded off during 
the extended instrumental 
interlude. 

The band slowed things down 
again with the ensuing "Seeing 
Things For the First Time," which 
did not do justice to the recorded 
version. Sometimes men just can't 
do it all, and it became clear 
whenever they approached the 
song's chorus that the band 
needed the female backups. 
"Twice As Hard" was the next 
number, delivered perfectly, but 
"Black Moon Creeping" followed, 

See CROWES, Page H6 

Thursday, October 22,1992 The UC 0 Guanlian 

UP COM I NS 
T 0 DAY s 

IIIATU 3 

GRLLERIES 
Grove Galery:"Pe~ nal Vi -
sions." isonexhibit until Oct. 24. 

Alien' show. at the Price Cen- I 
terTheater at 6:30, 9 and 11 p.m, 
Tickets are $2. Info: 534-4090. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I Adm~sion~~~Theg~kryis 

open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday 
through Friday and from 10 a.m, 
to 2 p.m. Saturday. 

Renowned opera inger 
~ Pav..-ottl will per-
form at the Spotts Arena at 7:30 
p.m. Tickets range from $15 to 
$175, Info: 224-4171. 

fRIDAY 
Music Director Yoav Talmi con-
ductS the San Dieao Sym-
phony Orchestra in perfor-
mances of several Bruckner 
pieces at 8 p.m. in Copley Sym-
phony Hall. This concen repeats 
on Saturday and Sunday, with a 2 
p.m. performance Sunday, Tick-
ets range from $14 to $25. Info: 
699-4200. 

MIchael Nav. will read from 
and sign his book The Hiddell 
Law, a book which depicts life in 
the L.A. banrio. The reading be-
gins at 7:30 p.m. at the Blue Door 
Bookstore. Info: 298-8610. 

Hernandez. a member of the 
Drywal\ers' strike in Southern Cali-
fornia, will be the guest speaker. 
T11e film stans at 7 p.m. inSLH 107. 
Admission is free. 

The Dead M ...... play their 
zany rock songs at 4:30 p.m. at the 
Price Center. Standing Hawthorne 
wi II also play. Admission is free. 

SRTURDAY 
The B ... t8o)'$playwith EIec-
bic: Junkyz at Club 860 in Pacific 
Beach at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are $7.02 

Info: 272-1513. 

SUNDRY 
The 8-525 bring their good stuff 
to the Spotts Arena at 8 p.m. The 
VIolent Femmes open the show. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

The film M.1tewM is based on Liz Sisco, Carla Kirkwood, 

tion, will be featured in a lecture/ 
video/discussion program at 1:3 
p,m. in Casu Real at SDSU. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 469-0861. 

TU[SDRY 
A ''Performer's Forum" will 
feature perfonnances by gmduate 
studentS from the Music Deparunellt. 
The concett starts at 8 p.m. in the 
Recital Hall. Admission is free. Info: 
534-3229. 

UCSD Literature professor Quincy 
Troupe will read from his newest 
work at SDSU's Scripp Cottage at 
7 p.m. Info: 594-1523. 

WEDNESDAY 
CuIt..-e Clash, a Chicano corned y 
team, performs in Mandeville Audi-
torium at 8 p.m. Tickets range from 
$9 to $15. Info: S34-4D90. 

a conflict between miners and Scott Kessler and Louis Hock, Irish folk singer Luka Bloom plays 
management which took place four of the five anists who created at 8:30p.m. atlhe Belly Up in Solana 
early in the 20th century. Tony the "No Humans Involved" exhibi- Beach. Info: 534-2021 . 

Kirby's has ·lVe music 
Wednesday thru Sunday Evenings 7 -9:3Q 
(Ca ll for details) 

Thursdays are HTS ucsgt~fa! 1':!~ . 
f 12 Gauge Persuasion) (~t~EERS 2 for 1 

d Night only 7-10 pm Thurs ay '1 ble 
Non-alcoholic beverages avat a 

The healthiest food in Del Mar! 
215 Fifteenth Street in Del Mar 
..J B 1 - 1 0 0 1 

TH[RT[R 
La Jolla Playhouse: Shake-
speare's "Much Ado About Noth-
ing" runs through Nov. 29. Perfor-
mances are Tuesday through Satur-
day at 8 p.m. with matinees at 2 p.m. 
on Saturday and Sunday. Tickets 
r.mge from $23 to $29. Info: 534-
3960. 

North Coast Repertory: 
"Mastergate," a spoof of politics, 
runs through Nov, 7, Performances 
are given Thursday through Satur-
day at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2 and 7 
p.m. Tickets are $10 ;md $12 for 
students. Info: 481-1055. 

409 Studio Theater: Mich:lel 
Schwartz, a UCSD ulldergmduate. 
directs "Firebugs."' The play opens 
Wednesday and run through Oct. 
31 with performances Wednesday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and fri -
day at II p.m. Info:534-3793. 

Mandevile Galery: "Manny 
Farber: Blnck and White Paint-
ings. 1985- 1991." is on ex hibit 
until Nov. I. Admi~sion i., free. 
The gallery is open Tue~day 
through SundllY. noon to 5 p.m. 
Info: 534-3120. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Modem Dance 3.' Muse: 
The An of Francoise Gilot." a 
piece featuring the work of Brit-
ish sculptor Antony Gomlley is 
on display until Dec.9. The mu-
!;Cum is open Tuesday through 
Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 

andWedne~dayfrom IOa.m. t09 
p.m. Admission for _tudents is 
$2. Info: 454-3541. 

The Art Store: "All Grey An," 
a collection of art by Gigi Clark 
and Andrea Leigh will be on dis-
play through Oct. 31. Both artists 
are alumni of the UCSD Visual 
Ans progfanl and their work ad-
dresses the issue of N EH funding 
and censorship. Info: 233-9544. 



HlATUS4 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, 0 tober 22. 1992 

MOYIE REYIEW 
1492: Film about Columbus Visually Stunning but the Story Lacks Spark 
ByJeffN ..... 
Senior Staff Writer 

Ridley ScOIt'S 1492: Conquest of 
Paradise purpons to be the politically-
correct version of Columbus' "discovery" 
of the New World. yet it is nothing but a 
souped-up ship of low-key performances by 
talented actors, 

Indians ..".t the VGYIIPf' 

By depicting the exploitation of the 
natives, the movie tries to document the 
negative effects of Columbus' trip and keep 
up with an on-going dialogue of cultural 
critiques which question celebrating 
Colwnbus as a hero. But rather than 
providing an intense, critical look at the 
nature of colonialism, 1492 is a drawn-out 
but stylish look at the way Columbus, who 
was Italian, was misunderstood by the 
Spanish. 

ll1e storyline relies on information from 
Columbus' diary to construct the plol. As 
the film begins, Columbus (Gerard 
Depardieu) is talking to his II -year-old son 
Femando (Billy Sullillan) who !.erves as 
his confidant throughout the mOllie. In a 
fatherly and patient manner, he explains to 
him how the earth i~ round; he has 
considerJbly more trouble, however, 
explaining thi s to Spanish gOllemment 
officials who might fund hi journey. 

Sanchez (Armand Assante), the 
treasurer of the Hou e of Aragon, doesn't 
think Columbus is totally out of his mind 
and gets him to present his theories to 
Queen Isabel (Sigourney Weaver). There i 
a hint of sex ual tension as the two discuss 
the voyage, and Isabel approves private 
financing for the determined explorer. 

Despite the presence of quality actors 
and actre ses like Weaver, Assante and 
Depardieu, there aren't any notable 
performances. Depardieu's Engli h is so 
garbled, it is often difficult to understand 
him, and he has a wearied, crazed look 
about him which make it difficult to 
sympathize with his character. Weaver's 
Queen Isabel is stoic, and it is only Assante 
who puts any passion into his role, 

Columbus' mistress Beatrix. Angela 
Molina overplays her role and flings herself 
at Columbus like she is his Penelope - no 
revision at wOrX here. 

Once Columbus undertakes his voyage, 
the film turns into a travelogue, 1be scenery 
is indeed spectacular. and Scoct has perhaps 
one of the be t senses of any director today 
for capturing stunningly spectacular scenes. 
The image are only hampered by 
Vangelis' score which becomes manipula-
tive as it trie to affect the emotions the 
story fail to. 

The movie tries to argue that it was 
Columbu ' men and a Spanish govemment 
greedy for gold that tumed the natives into 
laves. But in doing so, the film endorses 

sorne of the very values of capitalism and 
conversion that led to the colonization of 
the New World. In 1492. Columbus i 
depicted as a man who sought peace and 
wanted to unite the world through trade. 
What he dido ' t real ize was that trade wou Id 
lead to exploitation. 

Columbu has perhaps been set up as a 
scapegoat for the destruction of Native 
American culture. but to make him into a 
vi ionary doesn't address the real problem 
which asks, what is it about human 
civilization which makes people engage in 
war and colonial activities? 

The first interaction between the natives 
and Columbus is one of the few well-done 
scene in the film . There i a sense of both 
astonishment and fear on the part of 
Columbus and the natives. The natives 
speak, but their words are not translated, so 
the viewer has some sense of how language 
served as a barrier between the two 
cultures, even though Columbus named the 

island San Salvador when he arrived. 
1be question of how cultures interact is 

quickly replaced with the pI it which occurs 
between Columbus and his men. Columbus 
is seen as the one who respects the natives, 
but his men and a Spanish nobleman 
(Michael Wincon) wish to use force. The 
question of colonization is replaced with a 
good-versus-evil rivalry. 

Thursday, October 22, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

MOYIE H[VIEW 
DanzOn: Mexican Culture is Explored 

whose only joy in life i the danz6n. She 
has won many contests over the years with 
her partner Cannello (Daniel Rergis) and 
she is platonically in love with him. 

Cannello disappears one day and sets 
Julia on her journey towards self-renewal. 
In her search for Carmello, Julia leaves 
behind her life on the dance floor and 
moves on to new experiences. 

By V ...... GhonaIm 
Guardian Reporter 

In Danz6n, award-winning film director 
Maria NOllaro gets behind the camera to 
bring her own sensibilities to life and try to 
answer the nagging question of what it is 
really like to be a woman. 

1be movie chronicles the journey of a 
woman who discovers her potential to love, 
a successful theme because it shows how 
one person deals with a crisis in her life. By 
changing senings, Novaro shows the 

transfonnations that people go through as 
they come to understand themselves. 

Mexican director Novaro uses the 
danz6n, a sensual and "refined ballroom 
dance" in which "the man seduces and the 
woman shines," as the stepping-stone for 
the woman's story. 

ll1e "danz6n" originated in Haiti and 
became a popular dance in Cuba and in 
Mexico through the pon of Veracruz. 

ll1e story is about Julia (Maria Rojo), a 
bored telephone operator in Mexico City 

As Novaro transports Julia from one 
setting to another, more picturesque one, 
we begin to see Julia as a woman presented 
with the opportunity to enjoy her life. 
Novaro also exhibits sorne aspects of 
Mexican culture throu8h settings, people. 
language and music. 

She ski llfully shifts the music heard by 
the characters to the extemal music of the 

HIATUS 5 

movie soundtrack. 
1lle reason for this change in music is to 

draw the viewer into understanding the 
characters on a psychological and intro-
spective level. 

111e music varies from that of the 
danz6n to the love songs of the great 
Mexican composer, Agustin Lara. 

Through the music. Novaro orchestrates 
a mood of melancholy and dizzying 
enthusiasm which Julia takes with her into 
the ballroom and which the viewer experi-
ences in the movie theater. 

As we follow Julia 'sjoumey, weare 
indeed led by Novaro to a close look at 
what it means to be a woman. 

Dan:611 is currently showing ut the 
Hillcrest Cinemas. Call 299-2 100. 

Russell Athletic Is The World 's Leading Manufacturer Of Team Uniforms And Athletic Apparel. Look For 
Russell Athletic In Sporting Goods Stores, College Bookstores And Fine Department Stores. Made In U.S.A. 

~' ClI9'1l __ IeU •• ELI: ntLETIC Heritage· Quality· Performance 

J 

'-



\ 

IIIATU 6 The UCSD Cuarclian 

c.are hair~~~ 
c.. 

Come 
Back To 
School 
With 

c.are hair 
d lher",,11 80 II by 

Belh Cooper ~~~~:!~ 
~ .. promdes r~(Uahon 

.. imprl7fe$ menkll and ~icol health 

Mos~ Associates 
910 GraM AW!., SIe. 113 

Son D~, CA 92109 
56 ·8405 

Sliding 1M KoM with student 1.0 . 

Yon con go any direction - manageriru, teclmical. 

."'reel umal , B in ompuler En~nl!'Cring, UC San Diego, 1991 Soflware 
DevelolJml'!nt En&inel'! r - Technolo!"y Engjne~ri~'t or,bern Telecom, Private 

Network., Mountain View , CA . 

We'l1 be on campu October 29 & 30 
Please stop b our booth at the Technical arcer Fair or our 

information ession on Thur day, ctobcr 29 
Univ rsity cnt'r, anta Barbal·a/Los Angcle Room 

5:00 p.m. -7:00 p .m. 

GUESS') 
WHAT. 

The DARTMOUTH 
EXCHANGE PROGRAM 
deadline for the winter quarter 

has been extended. 
The new deadline is 

OCTOBER 30th. 
Please con tact 

Muir Advising (534-3580) 
for more information. 

Additional aid available for 
financial recipients. 

J oin tlte people wlto are dctemtining the ruture or t lecommu-
lIit allons . Our Ihy Area ,Ievelopmcllt ra cilily in Moulliain 
View and manufacturing racility in anla Clara are respon-
"hie for our Meridian I business otnmUnicalion sys tems-
Ihe leading p,;"al(, bran h e hange in Ihe world . 
Fllul out more abollt our camp" visits by contacting your 
placement offi ce o r 8Cnding yo ur re lim e a nd a copy or your 

tran cripl8to : Northern Telecom, Alln : CoUege Recruiting , 
685 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View , CA 94039-7277. 
We ore an Equal Opporlullity Employer. We do lIot di.crimi-
nale on the basis or race, religion, color , !leX, a~ , nalional 
origin or disabilil y. o,· thern Tele com i. commilled to ",drug 
free workplace and pe tfo nns pre-employment testing ror 
currenl iUegalu . ,1>" or drugs. 

IIURRYI 
On OCTOBER 26, 
We begin our return of all 
Fall Quarter textbooks to 
their publishers. 

IJU.$J,!':J UCSD BOOKSTORE 
TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534 - 4557 
OPEN: MON - FRI 8AM - 6PM AND SAT lOAM - 5PM 

Thursday, (ktolwr 22. 199'2 

CROWES: 
Huge marijuana 
leaf overshadows 
the stage 
ContInued from .... H2 
again with a weak backup chorus. 

Chris then dedicated a brand 
new tune "to our generation . . . to 
all of those clean-<ut American 
kid! . like ourselves .. :. This song 
is called 'Non-Fiction' .. . hope 
you dig it" 11le title itself 
summed up the personality and 
conviction of the Black Crowes. 

Following the song, for which 
the band lost some of its fo~r 
undivided attention. Chris : 
neered, ·'If there·s somebody 

who don·t undenitand why we do 
a new song, you been watching 
MTV too long!" Talk about biting 
the hand that feeds you-you·ve 
got to love that in a band. 

TIley then broke into the 
energetic "Jealous." followed by 
"Stare It Cold," and an electro-
reggae version of Bob Marley' S 
"Three Little Birds," which was 
brilliant until Chris left the stage. 
TIle band jammed without him, 
futilely trying to take over the 
vocal duties. 

It became painfully apparent 
that the Black Crowes needed 
their frontman. 11le song took on 
a cheesy,lounge-act atmosphere, 
and the vocals were terrible. 
Keeping with the rasta-mode. a 

The song took on a 
cheesy, lounge-act 
atmosphere, and the 
vocals were terrible. 

huge backdrop reading "Free 
Us ... No Narcs," emblazoned 
with a huge marijuana leaf. 
ovenihadowed the stage. 

Only an hour into the show, tht 
band left and returned with the 
predictable "She Talks To 
Angels," acknowledged by Chris 
as being the obvious encore 
number. ll1e crowd was ecstatic 
as the lland broke into the 
powerfully painful lament of drug 
addiction. TIle atmosphere took 
on that of a country-western bar. 
with Rich silting on a banitoollik{ 
a stud-rearing cowboy. There was 
such a groove in this song, and 
such emotion, that even the peoph 
in the back wings couldn't help 
swaying to the beat. 

"Hotellllness" followed, with 
Chris once again becoming 
possessed by Aretha. Before the 
grand finale of "Remedy," he 
yelled. ·'Are you ready for a sing-
along?" and broke into a pathetic 
rendition of ·'B-I-N-G-O:' 

But the band's newest hit 
provided instant chamcter 
rehabilitation. One la~t stab was 
made at the countl)" s political 
cOffilption, with Chris singing. 
"Constitution .. . we might as well 
call that motherfucker a constella-
tion:' 

The concellthen culminated 
with Robinson·s mOM urgent 
message - the one that he keeps 
de perately trying [0 hammer into 
people·s minds - "THE 
TRUTH! We call it the Truth! We 
call it our music! Do you fuckin' 
undenitand what we·re talking 
about?" Yeah, Chris, we 've got it 
If only the rest of the countl)' 
would take a Ie son from you. 

Thursday, October 22,1992 The UCSD Guardian HlATU 7 

TH[HTER R[YIEW 
Spunk: Production Explores African-American Culture 
By Jeff Nlesel 
Hiatus Editor 

Righ[ from the Start of NOllh 
Coa t Repellol)" S production of 
"Spunk" it is apparent that the 
play is not going to lament the 
plight of African-Americans in the 
1930s and '40s. The play begin 
with a rave-up blues number -
Guitar Man (Kevin Moore) and 
Blues Speak Woman (Ren 
Woods) are hooting it up and The 
Folk (April Grace, Osayande 
Baruti. Brian Chandler and Tom 
Byrd) are dancing up a stonn. 

A Blues Speak Woman sings 
in the opening number, the play i 
about "tales of survivaL" which 
run the gamut of emotions from 
poignant anger to gentle sympa-
thy. Spunk is the adaptation of 
three Zora Neale Hurston tories 
by George C. Wolfe and its well-
composed nature coupled with 
spirited petfonnances made 
"Spunk's" opening last Wednes-
day night a resounding ucce s. 

HUniton is an African-
American writer who wrote from 
the 1920s through the 1950s. She 
was an anthropologist and a .poet 
who tried to keep her culture ali ve 
by exploring its different dialect 
and nuances. The three shOll 
stories adapted for "Spunk" are 
"Sweat" (1926). "Story in Harlem 
Slang" (1942) and "The Gilded 
Six-Bits" (1933). They all address 
gender issues, but have varying 
approaches and elicit different 
emotional responses. 

A woman tIreatens that she wi. scream 6ke "a white girl" as she is approached by two pimps 
who are trying to win a shady bet in "Story in Hartem Slang." 

HUniton's stories make odd 
plays because the characteni often 
discuss their own actions in the 
third penion. This complex use of 
language was carried out almost 
flawlessly by the cast, who knew 
the right times to pause and add a 
descriptive word about their own 
actions that would sound more 
apropos if it were said by the 
narrator. Consequently, the 
charactcni used language that was 
a mixture of slang, poetry and 
song. 

TIle first story, "Sweat," is 
about a housewife named Delia 
(April Grace) who is married to an 
abusive husband named Sykes 
(Tom Byrd). Delia often tries to 
stand up to Sykes, but finds 
herself overpowered. Her husband 
also plays on her fear of snakes by 

.obtaining a pet rattlesnake. Delia 
is pushed to her limit as Syke 
starts patronizing other women. 
Delia then realize that she 
married him for love and he 
married her for "a longing for 
flesh ." 

During an amusing scene in an 
otherwise disturbing st0l)', three 
men sit on a porch "chewing cane 
Iistles Ii' in extreme heat and 
gossip about Sykes' fraternizing. 
The mixture of lang, sexual 
innuendoes and street talk is a 
good example of what Hurston is 
capable of. and Baruti and 
Chandler carried it out brilliantly. 
Delia finally wins out in the end, 
but not until after a harrowing 
scene in which Sykes hides a 
mttlesnake in her hamper. 

"StOI)' in Harlem Slang" was 
the most amusing of the three, and 
had a feminist analysis in the end. 

CHI OMEGA PRESENTS 
BETA PLEDGE CLASS 1992 

raecf.y albert 
Xristina raerg 
Laurie raoyd 
Cfierlyn Cae 

:Kay mu 
manielle 'Dyer 

:Hattie 'Eick 
:Mifiai 'Emberton 

raec~y 7:.ndman 
Laura r'fioresi 

Sfiannon Sarton 
rJonya :Hall 

:Hellen :Hong 
:Melissa Jacobs 

rpaula Jorge 
Jennifer Xremser 

Lori :Martill 
«a mam :Middleswortfi 

Xristine :Miu 
Jennie :Norum 

a /essia '1'iaggi 
:Jy(elissa Sfienfeld 

Janice Sindoni 
:M eiissa Sm itfi 

Sfiannon rWat~ins 
Xatfiy rWi/meyer 

Corinna Young 

Two pimps working the streets of 
Harlem run into one another and 
stan trying to outdo each other by 
throwing insults. ll1e two 
characteni in "Story in Harlem 
Slang" are Jelly (Baruti) and 
Sweet Back (Tom Byrd). Both are 
dressed to a tee in Zoot suits with 
the reet pleat. When the two start 
"bull-skating" they finally wager 
that whoever is able to get the 
next woman that walks by to work 
for them owes the other man five 
dollars. 

When a woman (April Grace) 
finally does stroll by, she brushes 
the duo off so resoundingly, it 
sends Sweet Back into a stupor. 
11le parody of masculine bragga-
docio is both funny and upsetting. 
1lle two characteni are so 
concerned about using women for 
their own profit, they can't see 
how their dashing images in their 

., 

Zoot suits are just facades. The 
progmm also provides a guide to 
phra.>es like "Diddy-Wah-Diddy" 
and "My People! My People!" 
which are no longer part of 
today's vernacular. 

The last piece was the most 
serious and moving of the three. 
'·The Gilded Six-Bits" is about a 
happily married couple who 
encounter hardship. Slemmons 
(Baruti) is terribly dedicated to his 
wife Mis ie May (April Grace) 
and when a new ice cream parlor 
opens, he wants to take her there 
for a night out on the town, a 
special treat for the .hpoverished 
family. But when Miss ie May 
meets the club owner Joe (Chan-
dler), she is so impressed with his 
gold medals. she begins an affair 
with him. 

When he comes home early 
one night from work, Slemmons 

Confidence Is Just 
A Phone Call Awtry .. . 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
WWCOST 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
(I,,,,,,Nil4le Test Rl!$ullS) 

PREGN~CY TERMINATION (em""" or LtxaI Anesl/Jes/Q) 
AFFORDABLE BlRm CONTROL 

SruDENT DISCOUNTS 

{nsurona, Ylsa, MasterCard, 
Discollffl' OIrd Welcome 

(619) 535-1379 

finds Mi sie in bed with Joe. The 
event stuns him so much that he 
doesn't know what to do. The 
narration describes the event in a 
brief moment of poetry - "it was 
as if the great belt of Time had 
slipped." 

Slemmons moves in with his 
mother, and it is only when MiSSie 
has a child that he realizes he 
should forgive her for sleeping 
with Joe. The piece concludes 
with a touching reunion. 

All these stories are woven 
together by their similar themes 
and Ihe music written by Chic 
Street Man. The play focuses on 
the way we use language to 
construct our identities and the 
way we act toward others. issues 
in our culture today. 

"Spunk" is showing on the 
Lyceum Stage in Horton Plaza 
through Oct. 31. 



HlATUS8 

A new prescription for terror. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 22, 1992 

CONCERT PREVIEW 
COMmV:CultureOashGroup 
Satirizes Cultural Stereotypes 
By JorIe M..tInez 
Guatdian Reporter 

The name "Culture Clash" 
reflects our diverse and multi-
cultural society in which lan-
guage and races mix and clash 
with the tunnoil of everyday life. 
Such clash gives way to misun-
derstandings and misconceptions 
about what a particular culture i 
about. and those misconception 
are later turned into stereotypes 
that are propagated throughout the 
nation by the media and mi -
guided citizens. 

The Chicano cuning-edge 
comedy group Culture Clash, 
which performs Wednesday at 8 
p.m. in the Mandeville Audito-
rium, makes use of uch stereo-
type to present a how which 
makes audiences laugh and 
educates them at the arne time. 
TIle skits how what Chicano 
culture i like by inserting 
hardcore bit and piece of 
Chicano reality. Culture Clash's 
wit and wisdom present an 
alternative to the raw comedy of 
Chicano comedians like Cheech 
Marin (ofCheech and Chong 
fame) and Paul Rodriguez. 

Culture Clash's comedy act is 
more than a tand-up how. It i 
framed within the tradition of 
Chicano theater and it is a cutting-
edge art form. 

6.A. S1411& • sf Silll:! ;:;:::.., .. ;;;·'.:::};:;::·.:';::::: . 
UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534~B46l . . .. 

7iSi.iW~. 
-.. ~..:=~.:.-::-. 

.~ .~!!.!;:nx • . 

Culture Clash was founded at 
San Francisco's Galeria de la 
Raza on Cinco de Mayo. 1984. It 
was conceived by vi ual artist 
Rene Yanez. The original group 
performed a combination of kits. 
stand-Up comedy, poetry. ' 
impersonation , rap and music · 
that developed into a theater-
comedy show. TIley played the 
highly-respected Lui Valdez 
Teatro Carnpesino as their fam~ 
increased. After three years, . 

" Culture Clash regrouped as a tno 
formed by Richard Montoya, Rick 
Salinas and Herbert Siguenza. 

Going back to their theater 
roots, they made their comedy 
how in the format of plays, the 

first of which i called "The 
Mis ion" (1988). "The Mi ion" 
is a emi-autobiographical work 
dealing with the lives of three 
fru trated Latino actors from San 
Francisco's Mi ion District as 
they try to break into how 
bu iness. 

It was after seeing a perfor-
mance of this play at the L.A. 
Theatre Center that Marin took an 
interest in Culture Clash and 
tarled working with them on a 

television show for the Fo 
Network. 

The comedy trio encountered 
difficulties with Fox executive 

See- CLASH, Page 9 

...(-. 

"..... ... ., 
~ OCID IINtvEIIIIlY 

mrmDFFlCE 


