
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

The Rat Race 
The 1992 presidential 

election campaign is a 
nightmare that will not end, 
The primaries aren't over 
yet, and the national party 
conventions ~ monlhs 
away. 'The candidates are 
everywhere - in the 
papers. on the television, on 
the lips of every late night 
talk show host. Brown. 
Bush. Clinton. et. ai, are 
startina to act like 8IUlO)'ina 
house auescs whO, dcspife 
our best etrau. ~ to SO 
IWI.)'/P.. 

SCIENCE 

A~"""'" 
.. .,.. ...... 01 , 

pb~" .. ii.i'lI for 
decacfes Now, in a IIiDiGft.. 
dolIIr project cearaed at 
UCSD. sckUIsa from 
around the wortd are 
gadIeriAa to wort on a 
Planising desi&n for a 
fusion .actor dill could be 
the model energy souroe of 
the future I PMI • 

SPORTS 

INDEX 
uc .................. 1 

~ .................... 4 
Sc~ 'PIle .•....•.•••. , 
Htm. .................... . 
Clalalfteds •............ 12 
Sports .................... 11 

Judicial Board Deliberates on Flaim Case 
• Election results remain sealed; outcome of 
hearing will detennine when ballots are counted 
By Joanne Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

The Associated Student presi-
dential ele tion runoff result could 
be delayed another one to si weeks 
pending an A.S. Judicial Board de-
cision regarding pre idential candi-
date Ruben DurJn'schargesagainst 
Elections Manager Jennifer Flaim. 

Dur.1n went before the Judicial 
Board Monday charging Flaim ith 
"inappropriate conduct and misman-
agement." He alleged thm Flaim 
harassed him when he tried to file a 

Spring Skiing 

violation report against presidential 
candidate Mike Holmes. The board 
has until Monday to reach its deci-
inn the case. 

Durnn said he had wanted to file 
the report against Himes after he 
was told, by a confidential source, 
abou t campaign material that 
Holmes allegedly did not account 

~ r in his budge\. 
He . aid that when he appr ached 

Flaim with the intenti n to file. she 
harassed him and failed to infonn 

See CHARGES, Page 3 
A.S. preSidential candidate Ruben Duran (left) says he was bullied when 
he tried to file a violation charge against opponent Mike Homes. 

Administration, 
McKay Clash 
Over UCB Role 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

Efforts by the University Center Board (U B) to 
clarify its rights and responsibilities have resulted in 
further conflict with the administration. 

According to UCB Chair Molly McKay, the UCB 
asked six questions to University Counsel Joanna Beam 
in a letter early in March. The questioru. asked for a 
speci fic outline of the role of student govemance boards 
and a definition of what power the UCB hll'i as an 
"advisory" entity. 

In response, McKay said, Beam answered only two 
que tions, aying that the UCB is not part of the admin-

See UCB, Page 7 

Board Retains 
Outside Legal 
Counsel 
By Francisco DeVries 
Staff Writer 

After its attempt to hire outside legal counsel wa~ 
rebuffed by administmtors. the University Center Board 
CUCB) has retained Los Angele~ att mey John Franci~ 
on a pro hOl/o basis. 

Skis popped up like sunflowers in the 8O-degree heat on Tuesday, Students Mark 
Homicl (left) and Julie Anger browsed through the equipment at the Outback 
Adventures ski sale in the Price Center Plaza. 

Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate Affairs Joe 
Watson sent a letter to UCB hair Molly McKay last 
week informing her that the UCB request to allocate 
funds for counsel had been denied. UCB Commissioner 
of Finance/Enterprise and Co-op Chris Bumett for-
warded the letter to Francis, who then offered his 

See COUNSEL, Page 3 

UC Considering Change in Residency Requirements 
• UCSA's Shaw says proposed three-year waiting 
period is a tactic to generate funds for the UC budget 
ByDanKr ..... 
Staff Writer 

Out-of-state University of Cali-
fomiastudent seeking residency in 
California for tuition purposes may 
soon be subject to new requirements 
for re ident , tatus. 

At its May 14-15 meeting, the 
UC Board of Regents i expected to 
consider a proposal to make changes 
in the classification of residents. 
which would stipulate that student 
are required to be financially inde-
pendent in the year re ident status is 
sought and in the two preceding 

years in order to be classified as a 
resident. 

Currently, the out-of-state quar-
terly fee is $3,387 and the in-state 
fee is $821. Under the present regu-
lations, only one year of indepen-
dence i required for in-state status. 

According to the UC General 
Counsel's office, a student is con-
idered financially independent if 

he or she i 24 years old. a veteran of 
the armed forces or a ward of the 
coun. In addition, graduate, profe -
sional and manied students or stu-
dent whose parents are dead are 

considered independent. 
Single undergraduate students 

who have not been claimed as de-
pendent on their parents ' tax form 
for the two years preceding the re-
que t for re ident c1as ification can 
also be considered independent. 

All UC residency offices have 
temporarily topped processing re-
classification request until the re-
gents decide whether they want to 
implement the new requirements. 

UCSD Residence Deputy Donna 
DeAngelis-Blai ne aid that letters 
have been sent to tho e who could 
be affected by the proposed changes. 
In addition, a notice has been placed 
in the Fall Quarter 1992 schedule of 

classes, which should be avai lable 
sometime this week. 

" Basically, the propo al will hurt 
single undergraduates the mo t. The 
bottom line is that single under-
graduates mu t claim that they' re 
financially independent for two 
years priortotheirappl ication time:' 
DeAngelis-Blaine said. 

DeAngelis-Blaine said that be-
cause they were notified of the pro-
posed change so recently. it hali 
been hard to answer many ques-
tions. " I' ve heard from a lot of par-
ents who are really upset," she said. 
" I won't know what th effe t lof 
the proposed changes I will be until 

See RESIDENCY, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
FROM OTHER CMvlPUSES 

environmentalists Decry Plan to Use 
Rare Wood In Campus ConstructIon 

A UC Santa Barbara plan 10 use wood from tropical 
rainforests for a new building may contribute 10 the ec0-
logical devastation of the sensitive Central American 
region, environmentalists charge. 

The San Francisco-based environmental group 
Rainforest AClion Nelwork (R.A.N.) sent a letter of COIll-
plaint Ihi month to UCSB Chancellor Barbara Uehling 
overthe plan to use Honduras mahogany- a rare rainforest 
wood - t con truct a trellis on the new In titute of 
Theoretical Physics building. 

The trellis is de igned to be several hundred feet long, 
a izecrilic!.say would require enough wood todo perma-
n nl damage to the rainfore ·ts. The amount called for 
would be "almost impossible to get from certified sustuin-
able fore ts:' according to R.A. . Coordinator Pamela 
Wellner. 

But David Sheldon, vice chancellor of admini~tralive 
ervices. said that the university i~ not planning on doing 

the rainforests any harm, and hal. nOI yet ordered building 
upplie . "However. we want a material that works ceo-

nomi ally for the slructure of the building and one that is 
within operating CO · IS." said Sheldon. who added thar 
mahogany fits these need . 

Douglas Campbell, a former landscape architect who 
!.:Iys he was removed from the job over the di. pute. al 
cri ticized the university for its choice of wood. 

The debate ha:. made it all the way to the State ~ ~m­
bly. where a bill has been introduced that would restrict 
stale agencies, including the UC, from buying tropical 
hardwood or hardwood products. 

- Matthew Spira, UCSB DlIIlIy Ne}(us 
UC Pays for Gardner's Maid Service, 
Cable, Other Household Expenses 

Amid controversy over UC President David Gardner's 
appproved retirement package. documents obtained by the 
Sacramellfo Bee suggest improprietie in the Board of 
Regents' allocation of funds to its president. 

The UCSD Guardian 

The Bee reported that it had obtained documents showing 
that the UC paid for many of Gardner's household expenses, 
including house: cleaning, gardening, electricity, cable televi-
sion and maid service bills. In 1987, the UC reportedly paid an 
estimated $24,234 for these and various other item. 

According to the Bu, when Gardner first took over the 
presidency he was offered re idence in Blake House, where 
UC presidents usually live. Gardner, however, said the house 
was too mall for his family of six, so he chose to purchase a 
home in nearby Orinda. 

The regents subsequently approved a package of low-
interest and interest-free home and renovation loans totalling 
more than $500,000. Five regents in the late 1980s secretly 
approved an agreement for the uoiversity to buy back Gardner's 
home at his request, with the president keeping the equity. 

lllat agreement nevercarne before the entire board. but was 
instead approved only by Gardner, a senior vice president and 
Ihl\."'e other comminee chairperson, according to the Bee. 

Inaddition,lheBeereportedthatGardnerreceivesa$25,OOO 
houl-ing allowance and a $48,000 home maiOlenance allow-
ance, which UC officials admitted was inflated almost 40 
percent so that Gardner would nor have to pay taXe on the 
amouRt out of his pocket. 

Ronald W. Bmdy. UC senior vice presideOl ofadministr'.l-
tion. defended the pre ident'~ payment package, saying it was 
consistent with what Gardner received while president of the 
University of Utah. 

- UCD CBIHomJa AggJ. 

UC Davis Pursues NooScholarshlp 
Division I Intercollegiate Standing 

Citing academic priority and time constraiOls. UC Davis 
hancellor Ted Hullar decided to pursue a Division I non-

M:holan.hip athlctic progmm for UCD. 
Hullar's decision earlier this month followed the recom-

mendation of the UCD Task Force on the Future of 
IntercollegiateAthleti . which suggested a move to Divi ion 
I. with a preference toward a non-SCholarship progr.tm. 

UCD will immediately begin investigating the move, along 
with the feasibility of a non-scholarship program amid a 
scholarship-<lominated division. The idea ~terns from the 
Califomia Conference idea that Hullar has entertained for 
nearly three years. The conference would be a sort of (vy 
League of the West. comprised of Califomia schools devoted 
to academics with a non-scholarship program. 

The imponant question for students is how much they will 
have to pay to fund such a program. Hullar emphasized thaI a 
Divi ion I move would require a larger athlelics budget, and a 
student fee increase would be necessary. 

- Marc ElwIn, UCD c.DIomIlI AIifIIIe 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for FiidItf, 
Saturday, and Sunday In ScI1 
Diego Co\.nty: I 

a Plenty of afternoon sunshine after early morning low clouds and fog. Hot and humid summer weather In the beach areas. Weal" sunblock for outdoor activities. 
Surf 
(Feet) 
3 

Average 
temperatures 
for ... / air are: 

68/70 

Pertod 
(Seconds) 
12 
Surfing 
Conditions: 

.... 
Dlreca. 
W 

POORTO FAIR 

Rooer KuotGuardian 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

ComplIed by DavId Smw, SUIt Wnw 
~,Apr,18: 
7:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a CD player, a CD 
and a Walkman from Third residence halls. Loss: 5260. 
Frtcay, Apr, 17: 
8 p.m.: A 19-year-old male non-affiliate was cited at the 
Main Gym for urinatire in public and givire false informatiofl 
to a peace offICer. 
9:28 p.m.: A 24-year~ld male non-affiliate was arrested for 
being drunk in public. He was transported to DetoxifICation. 
Saturday, Apr. 18: 
1:40 p.m.: A female student reported a male masturbating 
in front of her Third COllege apartment's bedroom window. 
Sunday. Apr. 19: 
9:45 p.m.: A 24-year~ld male student was arrested for 
possession of less than one ounce of marijuana in Lot 351. 
He was cited and released. 
Monday, Apr. 20: 
5:15 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of an '85 
Toyota Van from Lot 302. Loss: $7.250. 
5:46 p.m. : A staff member reported the theft of a bakery 
cart from the loading dock of Anchorview cafeteria. Loss: 
$350. 
T~y, Apr. 21.: 
2:15 a.m.: A 2~year~ld male non-affiliate was arrested at 
La Jolla Village Dr. & 1·5 for the theft of aluminum cans from 
a recycling bin at the Old Student Center. He was cited and 
released. 
Thursday, Apr. 23: 
6:20 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a '90 Chevy 
pickup truck from Lot 102. Loss: $15.000. 
6:45 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '87 Toyota 
pickup truck from Lot 208. Loss: $7.500. 
Saturday, Apf, 25: 
2:20 p.m.: A staff member reported being assaulted by a 
vehicle in Lot 206. 
Monday, ,\pr, 27: 
12:00 a.m.: A construction worker reported the burglary of 
Central Library construction equipment and vandalism to 
the first floor of Central Ubrary. Loss: $7.100. Damage: 
54,000. 
TueecI8y, Apr, 28: 
9:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '85 Toyota 
pickup truck from Lot 305. Loss $7.100. 
12:30 p.m.: San Diego Police Department recovered the 
stolen '85 Toyota Pickup. 
During the period April 16-28. 13 bicycles were reported 
stolen for a total loss of $5,049. 

GUAJe. nIAN 
JASON SNEU.. EtIIIor ., ChIsI 
PETER KO, ...... EIIIt« 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0phI0n EdItDt 
MIGUEl. aJCKENMEYER, A..aam HIatus EdItDt 
JAMES COWER, Des4In EtIIIor 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy EtIIIor 
JOSEPH GARCIA, HIIIIus EIIIttx 
MARY BETTY HEARD, News EtIbN 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, A • .aa CcIpy EdtDr 
SUE MAPES, AIIIiOdD PhoIJD EtIIIor 
MEL MARCELO, GnIphIcs EdtDr 
DAN MCDOWELL, PhoIJD EtIIIor 
PHIUP MIatAB.S, A ..... 0ptnIan EdIIot 
KEN PERlMAN, Spotr. EdItot 
ANGElA ROVA, Specta:1e EIJIrJt 
ERIC SCHMIDT, A.-c ... News EtIIIor 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, Aseoc ... News EIItot 
WUEN WONG, A~ HIatus EdItDt 
GREGG WRENN, AuodD Sporfs EdItDt 
____ w_ Bryon 0. ... Jenny Gal ..... MeIWldo Hamilton. Josh 
0dinIz. eMs ReCnIe<. Btett RI1yne. Mam- ROllinson. Moc:hoeI Sctlwltlz. Paul 
IIoshop SI<ibiuI<e 
_ -= DeOfa Btonlle,n. Justine Coeen. Stepl\enle DanIoftI • ....,.,Iseo 
!loV"". Joanne Donohoe. Ben Ell"'. Dan Gebler. Kirsten HoI_. Dan 
KrIIISS. The<_ Moore. Scott OI<amoto. SUlanne PIlon. Suunno Poru"". T rocl 
Powell . John Rice . Kara Soul. David Srow. Ted Sunoo. John s-w.y 
___ CMs ROCOief 
_Ron c.dll. R_Kuo. Carin ~.letihAnne~. LJ .. 
M\l1_. AdrIano MuI\or. Ryut.e "'~Im. , KIlty Roo. Mere ~ 
11'1 _ ..... 'a; Alex IU)'usner. Saul LINt".. PIUI MKMy. CIM:I< /IICU)'en. 
_r V..". !my Zlol 
c..J1I_:MichelIeChlq.-.iCeGo\.trl.MOnkaRoecn.JesMSIlrirce' 
____ Mel.,.,. Hamilton 

BOB DeANDREA, BusInea Mane« 
MICHAB. FOU..KS, AdwHtIsItW ",....., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, ~ Des""., 
E, LEIGH HENRY, CIaaItIed Repn .. """'" 
-........ I I -= GoItI_. IIei Fvr8oIIoe. 1M Merlo VoIcMc:k 
-...........,-~.--~ Joe Lee. SomenIhI Shefr 

~OCSD~'''-''''''-1hndo!o''''_''IiI'''''''_ 
.. ucso lIopoo<laoo .... _-.. ----.-... _,...... .... ~ 1992. .. .,.._IIItOCSD~.IIl __ .... _tl_ 
_ .. .,.h ___ ..... .., ... _._ ... .... 
_ .. _ .. ""OCSD_ .. __ al~ ... _ ....... ucso 

~."""'~..,-..I ................ _.-.. ...--.... 
YeoNI: U44IIO ........ eNloe: .... 1 .... ,.., Q4.7n1 
UCSD GIIadsn, 9500 Gilman DrM 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
__ : .... _.UCID ____ ·•· 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

CHARGES 
ContInued from .... 1 
him of the exact tiling time and date 
for violation reports. 

Duran said he feel that the pur-
pose of the case against Aaim is to 
clarify the eltact time and date a 
person can file violation reports. 
"[Aaim] should know these things. 
I shouldn't have to uffer for her 
ignorance and negligence." he said. 

TIle outcome of Monday's hear-
ing will decide ifAwm houldopen 
the case against Holmes, regardless 
of the fact that Duran filed his report 
five days after the original deadline. 

However, Aaim said she feels 
she acted within her jurisdiction. 

"I stand by my decisions. I can't 
accept Board of Inquiry violations 
after the deadline. If he wins this 
case though, he's welcome to a fair 
hearing by the Election Review 
Committee," she said. 

According to Director of Stu-
dent Govemment Randy Woodard. 
"The student bylaws are a few years 
old and in need of clarification as to 
the eltact deadlines to file. [Aaim] 
was going to go over and revise 
them." 

Dunin criticized the treatment he 
says he received from Aaim and 
Woodard when he tried to file the 
report against Holmes. "When [told 
[Aaim) and [Woodard] that I wanted 
to file a violation report against 
[Holmes), they both began to tell 

COUNSEL 
CantInI..cI from .... 1 
services to the board. 

Board members were pleased 
with Francis' offer. 

"He is one of the best lawyers in 
the state on the subject of student 
govenunent and stUdent govenunent 
boards," Burnett said. 

Francis has over ten years of 
experience in imilar tudent gover-
nance siluations. including disputes 
between the UCLA administration 
and the ASUCLA. He is also a vet-
eran member of the California State 
Bar Association's Committee for 
Non-Profit Organizations. 

Francis said that he "wasn't sur-
prised at Joe Watson's letter," and 
that it was a pretty nonnal response 
for the university in this situation. 

"Whether there will be payment 
or not, that's not a concern I have .. , 
it sounds like there are some inter-
esting issues," Francis said yester-
day. He added that I 0 to ] 5 percent 
of his work is done pro bono. 

TIle administration, however, is 
not yet conceding that the UCB has 
the authority to retain Francis even 
if no money is involved. 

RUN FOR 
OFFICE 

third College Student 
Council Elections 

POllllgOI O.D; 
Director of Programming 
Diredor of Finance 
Diredor of Communications, 
Student-at-Large (2) 

Deadline to File: 
Friday. May 1st 

.Jpm 

53-l·4390 

me how long the process would be, 
how much money a run-off election 
would be, and the amount of money 
involved," Duran said. 

Aaim and Woodard both testi-
fied at the hearing that they were 
just informing Duran of the amount 
ohime it would take for a Board of 
Inquiry to render a deci ion if he 
filed the report. 

"I never once said he couldn't 
file the report. In fact, I even offered 
to file it for him because I dido't 
want there to be any questions," 
Aaimsaid. 

However, Duran said he decided 
not to file because of a comment 
Woodard made about the source of 
Duran 's information on Holmes' 
alleged improprieties. a Kinko' s 
Copies employee. Duran said that 
Woodard was shocked that a 
Kinko's employee would give out 
confidential information such a~ a 
work order for a client. 

"Woodard said that if the person 
were his employee, he'd fire them. 
Because I dido 't want the employee 
to lose their job, I decided not to 
file," Duran said. 

However, Aaim contends that 
Duran told her that the Kinko's 
employee was ready to testify to the 
information on Holmes, and knew 
of the consequences. Funhennore, 
Aaim said she made sure Duran 
knew that he only had a few minutes 
to file his report before the 2 p.m. 
deadline on Apr. 9. 

University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers said yesterday that he 
has "a lot of respect for [Francis]: he 
is a very good attorney. But. .. it is 
still the call of the university as to 
whether or not [the use: of outside 
counsel] happens." 

Carruthers commented that 
Francis was free to observe and 
offer any legal advice hcmight have, 
but was not yet free to act as the 
UCB' attorney. 

Carruthers also questioned the 
need for an outside legal opinion. " I 
think the board has legal opinion, 
[but] they don ' t like it. .. I think the 
questions have been addressed, 
they've been addressed squarely." 

All of this comes as McKay pre-
pares to step down from her post as 
UCB chair neltt Monday when the 
board will elect her replacement for 
next year. The next chair will have 
to decide whether or not to follow in 
the footsteps of this year's board. 

The UCB will accept applica-
tions for that post untiltornorrow. 
Applications can be picked up on 
the second floor of the Price Center. 

Monday night's meeting also 
concluded the discussion regarding 
next year's three-million-dollar 

DO YOU 
HAVE ... 

I Mononucleosis? 

• Measles? 

EARN$$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus eam up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MDLUOUTOIIU 
226·1733 

The UCSD Guardian 

"I told him he had twominutes to 
file, then one minute, then I counted 
down the seconds. I repeatedly asked 
him if he wanted to file but he said 
'no,'" Aaim said. 

Despite Aaim's countdown to 
the filing deadline, Dumn said he 
was still uncertain of the official 
deadline. According to Dumn, the 
A.S. bylaw state that the deadline 
for filing a violation report is after 
the ballots have been tabulated, usu-
ally around 4 p.m. 

Aaim disagrees with his inter-
pretation of the bylaws. "The dead-
line to file is 2 p.m. when the polls 
close, not after the votes have been 
tabulated," she said. 

Duron said that ifhe had known 
when the actual deadline was. he 
would have had extra time to think 
over his decision and then file the 
report within the deadline. 

The result of the hearing could 
affecttheoutcome of the election. If 
the Judicial Board rules in favor of 
Flaim. then the ballots for the run-
offelection will be tabulated and the 
new A.S. president announced. 

If the board decides in Dunin' s 
favor, Flaim will have to hear 
Duran's ca~ against Holmes. In 
that event, the election results could 
be postponed up to six weeks. 

In addition, the wording of the 
current bylaws conceming the ac-
tual deadline to file violation reports 
may also be clarified in order to 
prevent future misunderstandings. 

UCB budget. 
While in general board members 

and administration officials were 
happy with the outcome, several 
key questions remain to be answered 
before next Monday's vote to ap-
prove the budget. 

"['m not particularly happy with 
subsidizing Mac's Place and rm 
not panicularly happy paying the 
[UCB] director' s alary," said 
Burnett. 

McKay said he felt thatthe bud-
get was about the best that could be 
hcped for. 

"Because we are part of the uni-
versity and we have to follow all of 
the university policies and pay scales 
and all of that, we pay as much of a 
ridiculous sum as the rest of the 
university. The easy filtes are the 
things like CUlling student labor ... 
yet they are the last ones we should 
implement," she said. 

Once again at issue was the 
director's $67,000 salary, which was 
still in the proposed budget. The 
UCB voted in January to reallocate 
the funds for that salary, but the 
administration ignored the request. 
TIle issue will be taken up again at 
Monday's board meeting. 

BUY 

NEWS 3 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7OM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \/IN and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'Must pre,enl coupon ond volid UCSO ID ot lome of estlmole 
Nol valid With mojOr engine Of IrOnsmisslon repairs 

[--11 CALL 1 """"".IA G 450-9494 R.Se 
:::.:.c ","O"utQ .. .-is 

'IE _ ""_"~I""" 
If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 

About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 
Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

LI~GARO· Bill BLASS· CHAliEL .• AlE'~TlN: Ar,NE KLEIN· DIAtIE F;mS· SI JC"N· ADOLFO 

Encore 01 La Jolla boasts a 
beautiful colleclion of previously 
owned designer lashions at 

We offer an extensive 

seleclion of high qualily 

clolhing including: 

.. Formal gowns 

.. Business attire 

.. Casual looks 
and accessories 

Minutes from campus-7850 Herschel Ave. 619-454-2243 
Open Mon,·Sat. 10-6, Sun. 11-4 

THIS 
AD 

UCSD SUMMER 
SPECIAL 

SPACE. 
WeYe run out 

of filler 
ideas. 

a ....... 
Ad ......... 
134-3488 

250/0 OFF ANY size storage unit 
I .. ~ N UC 

ID 

• 

with this ad 

8192_Ad 
• _Cabot 

at 
Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

La Jolla Village Dr. Miramar Rd. 549·0500 I I 



OPINION 
~---------

4 OPINION The: UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 30, 1992 

COM MEN TA RY 

• I a eon 
• Ion 

BY PHILIP MICHAELS, ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR 

The '92 presidential 
campaign is leading 
voters straight down 
into a political abyss 

Each morning, I awake a tonnented man. My head pin. 
my mouth is dry, I am bathing in the Nile River of sweat. 
Perhaps this will be the moming. I fOOlishly hope. perhaps 
this moming. that they will finally go away. Then,l will be 
rid of the vennin and joyfully continue with the re t of my 
life. But I know this cannOt be. I know that the foul , 
disgusting creatures will still be there. 

The presidential candidates will not go away. 
We're not even through with the primaries yet . and r 

want this e lection to tum around and yuietly walk off into 
the sunset The candidates are everywhere - in the papen.. 

n the television, on the lips of every late night talk ~how 
host. To me. Brown. Bush. IinlOn. et . al.. are beginning to 
seem like annoying house guests who eat all my food. take 
money ut of my wallet, and worst of all. refu e 10 l.:ave. 

I'm hardly alone in this feeling. The la k of a qualified, 
competent presidential candidate has left the majority of 
Americans feeling a mixture of apathy. L1epre sion. and 
resignation. 

There 's no need to feel ashamed for becoming disgusted 
at the mere mention of presiLiential politics. The candidates 
offer no solutions, just the usual pany rhetoric and glad-
handing. 

The cand idates who managed to generate a workable 
vision for the future (Paul Tsongas. to nanle one) were 
largely ignored and will probably wind up as the answer to 
a Trivial Pursuit question. ("Say. what was the name of that 
pro-busines Greek dude who talked funny? Dukakis 
something or other. wasn't itT') 

It ·s no wonder people are tumed off by politics. The 
process is long. arduous and disheartening. By this time, 
members of the Donner party would be volunteering to be 
the main course. just to get it over with. 

Barring the intervention of a merci ful God. the two 
candidates in November are going to be George Bush and 
Bill Clinton. Bush. you may remember, is the current 
president. He receives the most recognition for his foreign 
policy expertise - namely, bullying military dictators he 
helped to prop up in the first place. 

Bush has been criticized for his domestic policy, or lack 
thereof. Actually, the president has masterminded a number 
of domestic achievements, such as . .. um . . " Well, you 
don 't see Willie Horton getting furloughed nowadays, do 
you? There. 

On the other ide of the coin, you have Bill Ointon, a 
man with the same moral and ethical character as a New 
York City pimp, albeit an extremely polite, well-mannered 
one. Clinton tinnly opposes Bush on one major issue - he 
believes with all his heart that he would be a better presi-
dent. 

Other than that, Ointon i merely George Bush with a 
southem drawl and a different haircut. Rip a coin. Take 
your pick. Cyanide or hemlock. 

That leaves us with the two "outsider" candidates 
(,·outsider." by the way, mean "not a snowball 's chance in 
hell"), H. Ros Perot and Jerry Brown. Perot is essentially a 
blowhard who's been attracting a good deal of attention 

from the media right now. In a month or so, the press will 
wise up and return to ignoripg him. 'And Brown is . .. well, 
he's Jerry Brown. 

I happened to hear Brown peak to a crowd of support-
ers earlier this month. This was on April 10, a few days 
after he had been badly beaten in the New York primary 
and began his descent into what the Los Allgeles Times 
called U a chaotic netherworld." 

The crowd was enthusiastic, and most notably, com-
posed of people who still seemed 'in touch with their mental 
faculties. 1bese were not flakes or crazies, but ordinary 
Americans who were tired of holding their noses and 
choosing the lesser of two evils when it came time to vote, 

Brown was in great fonn that day. He spoke like a man 
with a vision of reshaping the: entire American political 
scene:. 

"You have the few holding disproponionate power over 
the people," said Brown. "That 's not the idea of the 
Democratic party." 

"JER-RY ! JER-RY!" ~he crowd shouted. 
"No, no," Brown cried. 'This is not about me. This is 

about you." 
"US! US!" the crowd responded, 
"Actually, 'We, we' would be more grammatically 

correct." the always conscienti~s Brown offered. 
It was an in piring scene - a laughable. quixotic scene. 

to be ure. but inspiring, nevertheless. Here were the 
discontented and disillusioned fighting back, making their 

Ron CadzlGu.nan 
voices heard. It 's what the American political system 
should be all about. And maybe it's having some effect on 
the status quo. 

"lllere is a conspiracy to destroy you, Jerry!" cried one 
of the few insane people at the rally. "1be Democratic 
Party is conspiring against you!" 

Brown put a finger to his lips and tried to quiet the man. 
but it was no good. 

''TIle Greens are waiting for you, Jerry!" the man 
bellowed, as the crowd laughed at him. It was a surreal 
moment - Jerry Brown, serene and respectable:, trying to 
quiet a deranged lunatic. And not once did Brown shout out 
his 800 number at the man. 

Bul if somc:one's going to successfuUy take on the 
powers that be, it isn ' t going to be Jerry Brown. First and 
foremost, Brown is a politician and a good one. Voter 
discontent is h()( right now, and he's taking it as far as he 
can to keep his campaign afloat. This is, after all, the same 
man who opposed telT(llimilS in 1990 (that was when 
Brown the "outsider" was the chainnan of the: California 
Democratic Party). 

So where does this lcave us? Sadly enough. in the: same 
political abyss that Brown has plummc:ted down. 1bere's 
always the various protesl panies -Ihc: Greens, Peace and 
Freedom, the: Libertarians - but you might as well cast a 
vote for your cat to be elected president. 1be cat probably 
has a better grasp on the: issues than most Libtnarians. 
anyhow. 

Thursd.ay, April 30, 1992 The: UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

What's in a Name? Pro-Life, Not Pro-Choice, Is a Misnomer 
Editor: 

Before Miguel Buckenmeyer 
clwos('s to slam the Pro-choice 
movement on the basis of its "cor-
rupt"· name ("Abonion and the 
Truth," Monday. April 27), Mr. 
Buckenmeyer should con ider the 
name of the movement he seems to 
support and gain some degree of 
understanding of the pro-choice 
movement 's objectives and moti-
vations. 

I would argue that "pro-life" is a 
glaringly inappropriate name. the 
inaccumcy being of a degree far 
beyond that which Buckenmeyer 
suggest of"pro-choice."Pro-l ife is 
pro-fetus-I i fe - the concern for life 
ends at binh. The pro-life move-
ment is. in effect. anti-life.pro-deoth 
of the pregnant mother. 

Buckenmeyerseems to think that 
the pro-choice movement is com-
prised of reality-distorting, man, 
baby and god-hating "pro-abortion-
ists." He likens these pro-abortion-
ists to Hitler. and incredulously re-
pons that such killers. causers of 
';gruesome death of developing 
fetuses:' have titled themselves 
"pro-choice ... 

The pro-choice movement is a 
tight to keep abortion safe and legal 
for all in order that a woman who 
needs an abonion has the choice to 
have one, legally and safely. The 
pro-choice movement i not a mad 
band of baby killers. nordosuppon-
ers of the movement want everyone 

to have abortion. We want every 
woman who is considering an abor-
tion to have this option. The pro-
choice name fit . 

I applaud Buckenmeyer for hi s 
attempt to look beneath labels. How-
ever, to gain that truth he seeks. he 
must look at a1llabels,anddigaround 
a bit underthere.lest he get caught in 
the sticky stuff. 

Stephanie Blank 

Pro-Choice is not 
P~Abortion 
Editor: 

I'm writing in response to Miguel 
Buckenmeyer's "Close-up "because 
this man whom I have never met 
attempted to sum up with little ex-
perience the meaning of " pro-
choice." I think not! 

" Pro-choice" is not a corrupt tenn 
being used to distort reality. I have 
been active in the pro-choice move-
ment for more than three years. and 
"pro-choice" has always meant the 
same thing: the beliefin a woman's 
right to choose what to do about her 
pregnancy. 

There are numerous people who 
are pro-choice, but do not believe in 
abortion. nor would they ever have 
one. However. they believe in "a 
woman 's right to control her own 
body." 

Pro-choice does not mean pro-
abortion because a good portion of 
those who are pro-choice areagainst 

abortion for themselves. 
The pro-choice movement of-

fers three basic choices: 
• To carry a pregnancy to full tenn 

and subsequently keep the child. 
• To carry the pregnancy to full 

tenn and give the child up for adop-
tion. 

• To end a pregnancy. 
Now that I have c leared up the 

meaning of pro-choice. allow me to 
clearup a few misconceptions about 
abortion. I have been a volunteer at 
a clinic since September and I h.we 
observed countless abonions. An 
abonion is not "gory." It is a very 
clean and s imple procedure. An 
Operation Rescue s idewalk coun-
selor I spoke with in Buffalo even 
agreed with me on this, so I don't 
know what Buckenmeyer's eighth 
gmde frie nd was doing: 

Every woman needs to decide 
for herself when she feel s life be-
gins. Some women believe that life 
begins at binh. with a birthday. For 
other women who believe that life 
begins at conception, they need to 
decide whether a few cells are more 
important than a woman 's life. 

There are' hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAT. 
This checklist will help you 
answer ill of them. 
~ Kaplan makes test prep convenient. 
~ With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 

~ Kaplan helps you manage your ti!l'e. 
~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 

on, before they hurt your performance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value, Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
~ Kaplan is the industry leader, 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

C> 1992 Stanley H. Kaplan Educalionat Center LId. 

The point is that whether or not 
abon ion is legal. women who want 
them will have them. I f they are n t 
provided with a safe and legal abor-
tion. complications can arise and 
many women will die. TIlis has al-
ready staned with young teenagers 
dying because parent consent laws 
in orne states drove them to seek 
back a lley abortions. 

Parousha Zand 

Real Analysis, 
Not Straw-men 
Editor: 

This university would be a dull 
place without the wit and wisdom of 
Chris topher Conway. In his anicle 
about capital punishment ("Mur-
dering the Criminal is Still Mur-
der," Monday, April 20). he took a 
chamcteristic s wipe .It Christians 
and predicted a flood of responses. 
I hate to disappoint him. but this 
time. my pen is aimed elsewhere. 

At UCSD. there is a horde of 
Biblical expens who have never 
reaLi the Bible. There is an equal 
number of expens on Christianity 
who have never bothered to ask liS 
what we stand for. Evident ly. this 
same son ofignorant ex penise C<lme 
throug h in Gore Vidal's lecture two 
weeks ago. 

Unfortunately. I did not attend 
this lecture so can make no com-
mel1labout itdirectly.butlheGllard-
ial/ reponed: "The Old Testmllent. 

Vidal said, implies the inferiori ty of 
nonwhites and 'racism is in the 
marrowoftheboneofthebeliever.· .. 
Apparently, Vidal does not have the 
same old Testamentthat I do. I failto 
see (he slightest hint of mci~m any-
where. The supreme irony of the 
"inferiority of nonwhites" charge is 
that there is a possibility that Moses 
himself was black, and it is highly 
probable that Abmham' s wife was 
black as well. At the very least, the 
entire Old Testament was written 
by a semitic people with skin far 
darker than your average European 
stock. 

This is just a part of the flood of 
false c harges lev ied against mono-
theism. and especially Christianity. 
TIle university was founded on the 
open analysis of philosophy. I wel-
come c riticism of my faith. butlet's 
analyze the Christianity of the Bible 
and not some strJw-man assembleLi 
by genemtions of ignol1lnce. 

Michael Duskis 
Sojourners Christian 

Fellow hip 

Th, UCSD GIIIll/lia" "CirOIlIC' your lenc" ano 
ctllnmcmaric •. Drop your tcncrallhc Gllllrdill" 
offices (on lhe ,,-,cono nnornflh<' Sludcnl Co·op 
CCllIcr. above lhe Generat SltII\!) or moil illo: 

Opinion Edilor 
Gllardian 

9500 Gilman Dr.03 t6 
La Jolla. CA 92092-03t6 
Lenc~ , lklUtd ~ lyiX ..... doublo.:· ,JXK'Cd :uxl /111m 
i"rI"dt " n.1n1C and a phone number. Unsigned 
Ieltcrs will not be prinle'd. Leiter "rilC~ Will be 
conlXlcd 10 veriry ~lo!" idi!nlllic, . w~ 11!>Cr\'C 111C 
righl 10 <-dil ror Icn~~l and clarily. 

La Jolla 
H!I .. iBm· 

~ ----- ... 

This coupon valid only at 
.I!U IlIlEidIts. I ~_M& ___ _ 

: 4l.6O REgents Park Row : 
Le. Jolla • 68'7'3680 ~ L __ ~~~~~_IA_J~~) _ 2..J 

SHOULD ABORTION BE ILLEGAL? 
REGISI". ro vorl AND MAK. YOUR OPINION H.ARD. 

IF YOU DO NOT REGISTER, YOU DO NOT COUNT. 
vonR RIO 'ORMS 
AVAILABLI AT YOUR 
COLLIOI CINnR IDNA, 
YOUR LOCAL POST o.nCI, 
1111 .OOD CO-OP. 
GROUNDWORK, DDT, OR 
.ROM SIAMB. 

DO " WHII. "., mu 1fOAL. 
A IIM/ND'" '.OM A..$ •• XOllNA.1. 

DEAD"NETo 
Register For 
Presidential 

Primaries 
IS MAY 4th! 



6 NEWS 

1he Fusion Reactor: 

T o run a fusion. reaction, temperature m a reactor must reach levels 
equivalent to the heat of tars, 
where these reactions naturally 
occur. So far, a major problem 
with fusion in fu ion reactors is 
that more energy is u eel to heat 
the reactor than i obtained from 
the reaction. Presented here is a 
tokamak, a promi ing de ign for a 
reactor which could generate the 
necessary temperature without 
u ing as much energy. 

Fission and Fusion: 
What's the Dlfr.ence? 

The safety of nuclear power has been 
debated for decades, leading to questions of 
the advisability of spending billions of dollars on 
nuclear research. 

Yet nuclear fusion differs from nuclear 
fission, which now powers nuclear power plants, 
In fundamental ways . 

First, the fission process currently used 
Involves the breakdown of radioactive uranium 
Into two more radioactive atoms at relatively low 
temperatures . A fair amount of radioactive 
waste IS generated. 

With fusion , deuterium and tritium, "heavy" 
forms of common hydrogen, are fused Into 
helium. releaSing energy in the process . 
Although the reaction produces radioactiVity, It IS 
at a lower level than that found In fiSSIOn . 

The most dangerous problem with fiSSion is 
that it is a chain reaction - once started. it 
perpetuates Itself. When controls break down, It 
can cause "meltdowns " like what happened at 
Chemobyl . 

Fusion. on the other hand. is not a chain 
reaction and depends on temperature and 
hydrogen concentration, which is controlled. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 30, 1992 

T ...... 
Featw'es 
~ ... Magnets: central 

solenoid, toroidal field 
colis: These are basically 
big electromagnets which 
are used to contain the 
reaction. Magnets hold in 
the immense heat, which 
would otherwise melt the 
reactor. They also drive arl 
electric current through the 
system to heat it up. 

-~, PIaIma: Inside the 
magnets, the reaction takes 
place in -plasma: or gas 
heated so high that it 
ionizes into charged 
particles. This plasma 
simulates conditions inside 
stars. 

~,.,.. Shield/blanket: A shield 
protects the surroundings 
by absorbing some of the 
radiation. The blarlket uses 
this excess energy to make 
tritium, a heavy form of 
hydrogen necessary for 
fusion , from lithium. 

_ .. , Divertor: Absorbs the 
heat energy of the system, 
which can then be used. 

_~, Vaccum/exhaust 
system: Used to pull waste 
products out of the system 
and maintain a lowi>ressure 
system. 

Source : Saenee ApplicatIOns 
Imomallonal Corporauon 

hportIIIC by Ertc IIcIIIIIIdt 

INTERNATIONAL THERMONUCLEAR EXPERIMENTAL REACTOR 

UCSD Part of Research Effort to 
Design a Working Fusion Reactor 

By Eric Schmidt, Associate News Editor 

Scientists and engineers may be close to creating a sustainable fusion reaction through a $1.2 billion international 
collabor.uioll centered at UCSD . 

Fusion, the reaction that powers the sun and 
stars. has long been sought as a "clean" nuclear 
altemativetofis ion. lnti ion.thereactionbeing 
carried out in modem nuclear power plants. 
radioa tive uranium splits into two radioactive 
isotopes. leaving a great deal of nuclear waste. 

Fusion.on the other hand. involves thejoining 
of two hydrogen i otope 10 produce helium and 
energy in the form of heat. leaving much less 
nuclear waste than its dominant brother. 

.. It·s not totally free of radioactivity. but it will 
be factors of thousands better than fission," said 
UCSD Physic Professor Marshall Rosenbl uth. 
who is the principal scientist for International 
Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ' (ITER) 
American Home Team. 

....... 
R_anbluth: 

" .. .It's here, it's 
the most 

abundant fuel 
source we have -

the stars are 
shining and so on 

- and I think 
there are no real 
reasons why we 

can't use it," 

In addition. experts assert that the risk of 
accidents with fu ion is virtually nonexistent 
since the reaction is "controllable." 

hAs I understand it. they selected the word 
ITER frorntheLatin meaning, ' the way.' In other 
words, in the future megascience is going to be 
done internationally by such international 
cooperations," said Maurice Sabado, Science 
Applications International Corporatioo's(SAlC) 
ITER project manager. SAIC is ITER's facility 
de ign contractor. 

ITER will bring approximately 160 physicists 
and engineers to UCSD for a six-year period in 
which a demonstration fusion reactor will be 
designed. UCSD was selected over other site 
chosen by the four original partners. the United 
State . Japan, the European Community and the 
Soviet Union. now replaced by Russia. 

Following thedesign phase. which commences 
nearUCSD this June,the reactorwill probably be 
assembled at a currently undetermined site and 

completed by 2004. If the project is ' uccessful. it 
would mean that fusion reactors would be on the 
market by 2025. 

Rosenbluth believes the search for sustainable 
fusion is particularly timely. since the future of an 
fossil fuels is not certain. "My own personal 
opinion. and I think most scientists would agree. 
is that in 20 or 30 years the fossil-fuel economy 
we're in now will look impossible," he said. 

The speed at which a reactor is developed 
"depends very heavily on what happens with 
other forms of energy-will oil prices rise,orare 
there going to be problems in the Middle East. or 
is the greenhouse effect going to be taken more 
seriously than it is now . . ... Rosenbluth said. 

A reactor could be available before 2025. 
possibly as early as 20 10, ifsocietydecided to put 
an all-out effort into the project now. he added. 

But fusion has seemed to beadifficult reaction 
to master. Temperatures in the reactor must be 
much hotter than the sun for the reaction to 
proceed at a self-sustaining rate. 

"Temperatures reach hundreds of millions of 
degrees." Sabado said. For example. he said 
Britain's Joint European Torus (JET), an 
experimental fusion project. is about 10 times as 
hot as the sun. 

According to Rosenbluth. projects like JET 
have come very close to producing the necessary 
conditions to sustain the reaction. The main 
obstacle is that currently it would take more 
energy to hold reaction temperatures stable than 
would be liberated by the fusion reaction. 

"A sol1 of a standard parameter is how much 
energy comes out compared to how much is put 
in, and there we need a factor of between fi ve and 
10 times between what these machines do now 
and what ITER has to do," Rosenbluth said. 

However. Rosenbluth believes scientists are 
See ITER. Page 8 

Thunday, April 30, 1992 

UCB 
ContInued from PIlle 1 
i tration, and that the UCB is advi-
sol)' to the administration. 

This answer is not enough, ac-
cording to McKay. "There is some 
ambiguity in this," she said. "Is it 
reasonable to say that decisions the 
UCB makes can be struck down 
only by the chancellor, or can they 
be ovenurned by [Vice Chancellor 
of Undergraduate-Affairs Joseph] 
Watson and [Associate Vice Chan-
cellor of Student Programs and Fa-
cilities Tom] Tucker because they 
want to?" 

"Does it mean that student gov-
emarx:e boards have noautooomy ... 
no purpose?" McKay asked. 

She also noted that the adminis-
tration would benefit from a clear 
statement of the relationship be-
tween the administration and stu-
dent governance boards, because 
there are gray areas surrounding 
when administrative action is ap-
propriate, such as the Jan. 15 seizing 
of the General Store Co-op in order 
to facilitate an audit. 

Watson, on the other hand. as-
serted that the real problem is that 
the UCB disagrees with adrninistra-

tive decisions. "By definition, [the 
UCBJ gives advice. There is no 
confus ion over what advi sory 
means," he said. 

"[Members of the UCB] are not 
gelling the answers they 1\'0111. They 
are getting full answers. That dis-
agreement should not be translated 
as confusion. To say that there's 
confu ion is unfair and inaccurate," 
he said 

Watson said the administration 
adheres to UCB recommendations 
when they are "consistent with uni-
versity rules and regulations, don't 
violate the liability of the university 
and are in the best interests of stu-
dents." 

He said that in the II years he has 
served as vice chancellor of under-
graduate affairs, past boards have 
gained more administrative approval 
because their recommendations 
have fit with those criteria. "We 
would interpret [this year's UCB 'sl 
actions to be inconsistent," he said. 

McKay also asserted that the 
administration is following a "strat-
egy" of waiting until the summer, 
when most students are gone from 
campus and student governance 
boards are changing membership, 
to take action against the coopera-

The 
Catholic Student Community 

at UCSD celebrates Olir 
25th Anniversary! 

Semiformal Dance 
Anchor View Cafete ria 

at Revelle College 
9 pm to Midnight 
Saturday, May 2 

Mass 
1 0 am at the Price Center Ballroom 

with Brunch to follow 
at the International Cer' lLf 

Sunday, May 3 
(Note: thil i.s the only Mass of the day.) 

"ONE Of 111[ Yf.AI'S It I1f.!I1 
1WO JUBIlANT 11fUMI5 lI' FOR THIS TRlUMPHAHr COMEDY. 

AN AMERICAN CLASSIC. 
EASD.Y ONE Of TIlE M(M ENlUTANNG FIUIS OF 11tE YEAR. 

rr HAS A OIANCI: AT BONG NOMINA1t.D FOR ONE OF 
TIlE Bf.ST PIC1lJRES OF 11iE YEAR~ 

10 BEST LIST 
A hl ~hly orlglnat, personal and funny 'ii«ount of tough limes in flint, Michigan, 
Moo-e's hometown and the birthplace of General Motol1l. Moore give cinematic 
teeth to hl5 razor~harp, compassionate and wryty humorous perceptions of what wcnt 
wrong In flint III he chronicles his much thwarted efforts to meet with GM hlli rman 
Roger mlth. A tlmety nlm during the ma Ive dalty Jay-olts In America's a01omothe 

I 989 D' . '1/ 1/ I 

hid:!.'. \ 1.1\ I. 7 pill SUI 1117 

The UCSD Guardian 

tives. As evidence she pointed to the 
June 30 completion deadline of the 
audit of the student co-ops. 

"They're biding their time ... 
until June 30. waiting for the stu-
dents to get out, then they'll go in 
and shut the co-ops down." she 
charged. 

"'Thisisourmost vulner.lbletime, 
right before summer," she said. "Our 
lime has run out. 1bey have time on 
their side, we don·t." 

Watson said he is not aware that 
the administration has any strategy 
in dealing with the UCB or the co-
ops. However, he indicated that the 
co-ops may have to make some 
serious decisions this ummer. 

"I do feel that June 30 is a time 
that we hould have a new arrange-
ment," he said, adding that if the 
present co-ops do not achieve the 
goals of the administration, "we 
should be in a position to have those 
co-ops leave." He said that the 
administration's concern is for the 
co-ops to cease being a liability risk 
to the university and the students. 

Watson said he hopes to work 
out an agreement with the co-ops. 
He also said " the present arrange-
ments are untenable and cannot be 
continued." 

GREAT EARTH 
VITAMINS 

The natural way to: 
• Increase energy 

• Curb appetite 

• Fight stress 

• Build muscle 

• Bum fat 

Free literature 
Knowledgeable staff 

100/0 
OFF 

your next 
purchase 
with this ad. 

Exp. 5/30/92 

Located In the Ralph's 
Shopping Center between 
Crown Books and Kinkos 

452·9775 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

RESIDENCY 
ContInued from PIlle 1 
more students know about it. We're 
puzzled right now because we don' t 
have enough information." 

According to Andy Shaw of the 
University of California Student 
Association (UCSA), the new pro-
posal is simply another way of at-
tacking the budget crisis. "It's a 
response to the new threat of in-
creased cuts," he said. 

He added that the regents expect 
to bring in roughly $6 million if the 
proposal is implemented, since out-
of-state tuition is so much higher 
than in-state tuition. 

Shaw said that the UCSA has not 
taken an official stand on the pro-
posal because the regents have not 
solidified it to the point where its 
effects can be assessed. " Basically, 
the proposal raises a lot of questions 
right now," he said. "Most of this 
has come out of unofficial discus-
sions .. .. It's hard to analyze some-
thing you don't have on paper." 

One of the main questions, ac-
cording to Shaw, is how to define 
precisely what a financially inde-
pendent student is. For in tance. 
undertheguidelinesofthepropo al. 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

Church School 9 a.m. 
Worship 10 a.m. 

·Feel the Spirit" Radio 
Broadcut KPRZ (lUG AM) 

every Sunday, 9:30 -lO:OOam 

Dr. K.T. C&Doway, Pastor 

"A Church For People 
On the Grow" 

NEWS 7 

a student who is claimed as a depen-
dent yet recei ves no money from his 
or her parents would be considered 
dependent despite the lack oftinan-
cial suppon. Shaw said situations 
like thiscould create problem ifthe 
new requirements were approved. 

Shaw said another consideration 
would be the enrollment of out-of-
state students under the new resi-
dency requirements. "We hope it 's 
a good proposal that won ' t hun 
peoplewhocan' taffordil. Wedon 't 
want it to drive studenrs out of Cali-
fomiaschools .... We want it to have 
the least impact possible to the stu-
dents while still bringing in revenue 
for the university," he aid. 

DeAngelis-Blaine will attend a 
residency workshop with residence 
deputies from all of the UC cam-
puses and the Office of the General 
Counsel during May. 

She said that after May 26. she 
will be better able to answer ques-
tionsabouttheclassificationchanges 
if they are in fact approved by the 
regents. 

DeAngelis-Blaine did not know 
if the proposed change would af-
fect students who already are classi-
fied as residents under the present 
gu idelines. 

ANNOUNCING_ 

The 
Opening of 

WAVES 
• Bar and Grill • 
outdoor seating w/ocean view 

CASual. beach atmosphere ... 

HAPPY HOUR! $1 16-oz. Drafts 
$1' 5 Margaritas 

Piiia Coladas 

Interested in writing, reading but not arithmetic? 

' .. 

Then join the Guardian where mirtimal math is required. Ask about positions as a writer, copy 
reader, photographer, production worker and much, much more. For more infonnation, call 

534-6580. And if you like math - what the heck, give us a shot anyway. 

• fQEE Y TE6TINC 
• Pre8nancy Termination 

8eneral/local anesLhesia 
• AfTordable Birlh ConLrol 
• Confldenlial (?5 Personal 

==- 0'0 () <::!) 
(6-/.9) 5. J,5-i- 1/.9 

fNi] 



Thursday, April 30, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 8 

ITER 
ContInued from ..... 
very close to developing a fusion reactor, 
since ystems are improving logarithmically 
as the machines get bigger and better. 

"(fyou asked me I how much development 
is needed] 30 years ago, I would have said a 
factor of a million. From a million to I 0, there 
is a very good data base on a logarithmic scale 
of how things improve with size, so you know 
ITER isn't very far off," Rosenbluth said. 

Modem fusion technology revolve around 
a tokamak. a magnetic device capable of 
raj ing temperatures of plasma, a collection 
of high-energy gas particles, to the degree 
nece sary for fu ion. "The Briti h JET device 
is an example of a working tokamak. 

Mo t of the research associated with this 
phase of the ITER project will involve 
problems with tokamaks. San Diego was 

chosen as a site, in part, because of a world-
class tokamak locatedallhe General Atomics 
Corporation in San Diego. 

No set research strategy has been worked 
out since ITER Design Phase Director Paul 
Reboot, who headed JET, basnof yet installed 
a staff in San Diego. However, Rosenbluth 
mentioned several areas of physics and 
engineering which need to be worked out 
before the working reactorcan beconstructed. 

Rosenbluth said the tokamak design will 
probably remain virtually unchanged, 
although some changes on past model do 
need to be made. 

"Plasma confinement is one item. TIle 
second very big item is the ability of the 
Itokamak) wall to handle the heat thai is 
coming out without disintegrating too rapidly 
or without throwing a lot of dirt into the 
plasma," Rosenbluth said. 

Other problems discussed by Rosenbluth 

VAKIMONO 

SUSHI AND DAILY SPECIALS 
"Best Teriyaki in Town" 

Jl Pono .. . Fooo .J T U C 5 D 5 PEe I A L ~ 
•••••• • 
• TERIYAKI $399 : 
: CHICKEN DINNER • 
• IncldoHic • • ooIod and ""'P. Noh"IicI .... OIly oIhor • . &p. 5113192 • 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
La Jolla Colony Plaza 
772B Regents Rd. #501 (Vons Shopping Center) 
T eke ~ crmiloble. We also oil.< (Clllring servkos. 

452-4255 
HOURS: 11 :30 om·9 pm (Mon.·1nurs.l. II :30 am' ! 0 pm (Fr. & Sot.1. 5·9 pm Sundays 

include engineering diftkuIties, such as "how 
do you build these monstrous magnetic coils, 
and what's the cheapest way you can build 
them," he said. 

TIle effectiveness of microwave healing of 
the plasma also needs to be discussed, as does 
robotic methods of damage control inside a 
hot, radioactive reactor, Rosenbluth added. 

Rosenbluth' area of specialty involves 
plasma confinement, the control of the plasma 
within its magnetic cage. "Occasionallyplosma 
misbehaves - ~a1led disruption - which 
doesn't pose a safety hazard to anything but the 
equipment itself, such as a large electrical 
spark which may screw up the [microwave) 
antenna." he said. 

To prevent the plasma from damaging the 
reactor. more knowledge of how plasma 
behaves, particularly around the edge of the 
reactor, i needed. '1'here are a whole lot of 
physics issues which need to be resolved," 

Rosenbluth said. 
Rosenbluth added thai "there are weak 

places in the plasma that are most vulnerable 
to upset. TIle wave of the future i to try to 
control and keep smaIl ripples [in the plasma) 
from forming into bigger ripples," which could 
damage the machine. 

To develop the plasma confinement 
technique , physicists will "take theoretical 
ideas and modify the plasma shape a bit. and 
try to modify the conditions on the edge," 
Rosenbluth said. 

Scientists and engineers from UCSDOlher 
than Rosenbluth may be involved with some 
of these issues as their interests corne up. . 

Besides the obvious advantages ofworking 
on the international project. UCSD faculty 
will also benefit from a "cross-fertilization" 
of ideas, Rosenbluth said. In addition , 
international I y-renowned fusion experts may 

See ITER, Page 11 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

I ow you can keep up our active Iife-
tyle with lighted 

tennis courts, sand 
volleyball courts 
and fully equipped 
fitn centers, just 
steps from your 
own front door. 
• Furnished and ullfumished studio. on and two bedrooms 
• Localions close to campus 
• Take advantage of Oakwood ' . reduced deposits with letter 

of llrollm nL or 'ampus 1.0. 
You'lI also cnio Oakwood's resort quality swimming ... P;OO.ls"'''I!P.~1 
spas, saunas. part !'Ooms, big screen 'IV • 
and barbecue areas. .I'-II~~ a.J~~ 

For Infonnalion or l'(..~rvaUon8 0 11 locoUons In I'Qclnc Belich. oronodo. Mission Valley. 
or La Jol'" please call 619-490-2400. Or for Infol1l1allol1 on over 50 locaLions 
nationwide "lease call 1-800-888-0808. 
Models open dally 9·6. Sorry no pelll. 

OPEN EDITORIAL POSITIONS: 
• Managing Editor 
• News Editor 
• Associate News Editor (2) 
• Opinion Editor 
• Associate Opinion Editor 
• Sports Editor 
• Associate Sports Editor 
• Features Editor 
• Associate Features Editor 
• Arts & Entertainment Editor 
• Assoc. Arts & Entertainment Editor 
• Copy Editor 
• Photo Editor 
• Associate Photo Editor 
• Graphics Editor 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 9 

ATTENTION GRADUATE STUDENTS 

Graduate 
Student 
Association 
MAIL BALLOT 

ON MONDAY, MAY 4,1992, 
the Graduate Student Association 
will mail a referendum to your 
department mailbox to raise the 
GSA Activity Fee from $5 .001 
quarter to $7.50/quarter. The 
increase will be used to supplement 
the GSA's budget. particularly 
those funds allocated for lobbying 
activities undertaken by the GSA 
on your behalf. The GSA al 0 
funds requests including the 

establishment of graduate student organizations as well as their activitie and 
programs, the establishment and improvement of department graduate 
lounges. and per capita funding. 

THE QUESTION ON THE BALLOT IS: "SHOULD THE GSA 
Activity Fee be increased from $5.00/quarter to $7.50/quarter?" A total of 
one-third of enrolled graduate students and medical students must respond to 
this question in the manner described in the accompanying voting materials 
for the results to be binding. Of this number, a majority is required for 
passage. Supporting the increase supports the programs and projects of 
graduate students. This fee comes back to you in a diverse offering of 
graduate student-sponsored events, the promotion of graduate student 
organizations, a comfortable place to talk to people and, yes, have a beer. 
Most importantly, support of this fee enables the GSA to continue to support 
lobbying efforts on the behalf of all graduate students at UCSD to ensure the 
accessibility of a quality educational experience. 

The most talked about 
band in the U.K. 

CURVE 
Now listen to what all 

the talk is about 
DOPPELGANGER 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
Look for Curve on tour soon! 

SALE ENDS 5N82 

OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAYI 

EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
.. - ,-- , ....... - ---"''''-'''' ........ povo_ . .... ~....... ..... .... ..lie,...... ~ ______ """ __ .. 'IItn.-sm ... . ......... _ 
"'"'"'''' ..-__ ......... ," m,.". ~ .' .... ,I6ft 

__ !I' ." .. 

FIND 
Roomlllales 

Can 

Bikes 

Steals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Sa1es 

Jobs 

ROOIDI 

Computers 

Tutors 
and lIIore In 

The GIMII'diIIn 
ClullfIeds. 

WIlla do 
,.aaeed1 

...... uu •• 
upstairs In tt1e 

Student Center. 
abMthe 

General Store. 

UCSD Transportation Alternatives 
presents 

bicyclist appreciation day 
may 8, 1992 9:00 - 11 :30am 

Price Center Walkway 
• • I •••••• • ••••••••••• • •• • •••••••• I ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

schedule of events 
• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE FOOD 
INFORMATION 

(from local bicycle organizations) 
SUGGESTIONS/QUESTIONS 

RAFFLE 

and don't miss the opportunity to REGISTER your BIKE 
FREE from 10 - 11 :OOam at the POlice Station 

Bring your registered b icycle to the Price Center Walk-
way between 9 - 11 :OOam for a free raffle t icket a nd a 

chance to w in : 

A 
• ; :p~EONES' 

BICYCLE HILMET 
OAKLEY SUNGLASSES 

ALTERNATIVE TRANSPORTATION 
PERMIT , 

I<RYPTONITE' Gin CERTIFICATES 
T·SHIRTS 

... plus more !! 
~t" RoundTilbie PiZl<! 

DINING:-

There 's nothillg like Legcnd and 
Lady Legcnd ! Thc most un ique 

college ri ngs cvcr dcsigncd-
only available fro m AnCllrvcd. 
Thi s popular proress io ll ;tl lo()k 

offers ll10re ways to person-
.JIII.~~ ali ze your co llege ri ng. 

0 0 11 ' 1 cle lay- visi t your 
, ArtCarved represell-

tative during th is 
specia l salcs event 
to see Legend and 
the many other 
styles available . 

$30 Deposit Required 

LJI 51 I 
f \C )( ) k • ,. T ( )f <l f UCSD BOOKSTORE 

GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 7106 
OPEN: MON· FRI 8AM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 



10 The UCSD Guardian 

""e've 
got yo .... r 
n .... mber. 

89.95 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

From Kenneth Cole Unlisted, 'Monkee Bu ine ' monk-strap lip-on and 'Branch Business' 
lace oxford , both with black leathe r uppers and cushioned rubber soles, 6-12 ,13 m; 89.95 a pair. 

In Men' hoe. 

NORDSTROM 
THE DIFFERENCE IS VALUE 

Horton Plola. 239·1700. FashIon Valley. 295-444 1 UOIverSlty Towne Centre. 457. 4575. Narth County Fa ir, 740·01 70 To apply for the Nordstrom Card- your assurance of quality, value ond ,.Iecllon-(01l1 .8oo.446. 45oo. 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

ITER 
ContInued from pace 8 
offer seminars or classes. 

In terms of administration. 
UCSD will provide operational 
support forthe project and access to 
resources such as the library and the 
San Diego Supercomputer. Such 
access falls under the domain of 
UCSDViceChancellorofResource 
~anagementJohn VVoods. 

According to Sabado, the 
management offunds forlhe project 
will not involve actlllll money at all. 
Any requested amount will simply 
be placed on a credit sy tern again t 
the four major ITER partners. 

Such decisions have been made 
through a number of international 

. treaties beginning in 1985, when the 
Soviet Union proposed the project 
at the Geneva Summit. 

"VVe could have done this maybe 
three or four years ago. but it takes 
time to get [political! momeRtum 
started," Rosenbluth said. 

Another problem with such a 
large-scale international cooperation 
is the fact that the research stations 
of the partners are spread out over 
such a large scale. The headquarters 
of the U.S. tearn is at the UC-
managed LalAljence Livennore 
Laboratory. Japan has a center at 
Naka, and Germany's program is 
centered at Garching. 

To accommodate the separation 
between stations, S abado said SAiC 
will make the UCSD station into a 
"paperless engineering office." All 
communication will be bycomputer, 
through the supercomputer and the 
Energy Sciences Network (ESnel), 
which connects energy research sta-
tions nationally. 

"It is my experience with two 
previous fusion devices [at Princeton 
University and at General Atomics 1 
that the volume of paper far exceeds 
the volume of the device itself," 
Sabado said. 

He said the paperless system will 
also be important when a 
construction site for the 
experimental reactor is located and 
plans need to be transponed there. 

Sabado said SAIC has wired the 
Torrey Pines office to have fiber-
optic communication capabi lity. 
SAiC andUCSD aI so have prov ided 
a book on San Diego which describes 
schools, housing and so on. 

Sabado described the interna-
tional effort as a necessary and com-
mon thing in modem megascience. 
"Fusion has always been an interna-
tional effort. and our science matu-
rity allowed us to make the decision 
on the next step," he said. 

1bat next step may be coming at 
just the right time, according to 
Rosenbluth, who believes fusion 
may solve some of the problems 
associated with fossil-fuels. 

''TIle fi~t thing is, of course, it's 
here, it's the most abundant fuel 
source we have - the SIal'S are 
shining and so on - and I think 
there are no real reasons why we 
can', use it," he said. 

In addition, Rosenbluth said, "I 
think fossil fuels are going to have 
to be deemphasized." Rosenbluth 
would like to see more money spent 
on research into renewable energy 
such as solar energy.- but said right 
now "it looks too inefficient" in 
tenns of land used, Fission works. 
but he said it has drawbacks in tenns 
of accidents and radioactive waste. 

"All three [fusion, fission and 
solar) have their drawbacks. but I 
suspect that you could eventually 
live with any one of them if you had 
to. Fusion may be more desirable," 
Rosenbluth said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

On May 4, 
We begin our return of all 
Spring Quarter Textbooks 
to the publishers. 

,;eU!iffil'~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~ 7":4 TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534 - 4557 

OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM - SPM 

FREE ICREEIIII 
Brought to you courtesy of 

MONDAY, MAY 4 
8:00 PM 

MANDEVIUE AUDITORIUM 

sponsored by 
UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 

University of California-San Diego, La Jolla 
Passes are available beginning Friday, May 1 

at the UCSD Box Office . 

NEWS 11 



12 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
APPAREL ZONE Designer labels for 50-
90% oH I 8250 Camino Santa Fe. 45G-3323. 
(4/9-614) 
GenderRolMlntheUuallmworld,Monday. 
May 4 , 6:30 p.m .• International Cenler. 
RefreshmenlS served. Freel (4127·514) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
SUMMER TOURS TO EUROPE, 
AUSTRALIA AND ntE GREEK ISlANDS. 
15-19 days. All expenses paid Including 
meals. $1295·$t798. Call Contikl Tours t -
800-950-1037 ext. 112. (4127-517) 
HAWAII CLUB LUAU 512. 1·5 p.m. at Revelle 
Stonehenge. Tickets at box otfice. (4127...,. 
30) 
Revelle Gradualion '92 speakers wantedll 
Pick up applicalion form now at Revetle 
Dean's aHicel Due May 8thl (4127-514) 
International Cafe every Friday. 1 t :30- t :30 
at IIle International Center. Make ~ lriends, 
enjoy new menu each week. AN American 
and foreign slUdenlSand staHweloome. Only 
$2. (4123·514) 

Classified advertising is sold in J5-word incremeflfs. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
sludel1ts (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and slaff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Loloi/a, CA 92093"0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

0I ... rt.t1on Worklh~. Complete your 
dissertalion. For written Intormalion or 
scheduling. call 692-0966. Postgraduate 
group. (3130·614) 

Cheap roundtrip ticket to S.F./San Jose lor 
weekend ot 5115. Interested? Call Diana at 
450·2994. (4(,)0) 

JETTO EUROPE ANYTIUE THIS SUUUER. 
just $269wlth AIRHITCH(r) (no asterisks and 
no restric1ions - can be one-way or each 
wayl) as described in Consumer ReportS & 
Harvard "LeI's Go Europe" guide. For primed 
program description & reg. forms. call 800· 
397-1098. (4123-614) 

"Waves- Bar <WId Gril 111 Downtown La JoIa. 
has HAPPY HOUR 3-7 daily. $1 drafts. SI .95 

~ 1296 Prosped(nextto CAabCatl'oer). 
Has magnificenl ocean view and Hawaiian 
atmosphere". see ad beIowl (4130) 
ALPHA KAPPA PSI Prolessional Business 
FraIAJmiCv presentS The Foo..m AmuaI CONS 
ACROSS CAMPUS. ~ .... ~ tle 
Corrmuntv Resource Center. Tape .... bel)8;ed 
hom ReveIe PIam to the Hump. <WId from Cn-aI 
UniversiIy to !he Pnce Center.'" you have todD is 
put somechange~ on !he~1 Weci1esday. 
May 6Ih. 8am·3p.m. (4f.lO.~4) 

Mention sororilies- LOOking lor great lormal 
gowns al aHordable prices? Check out E ncore 
ot La Jolla 454·2243. See ad on pg. 3. (4(,)0) 

5th WEEK 
in the tradition of the OLD PUB, 

UCSD is gonna Oochie Coochie La La 
in ll1e Rec Gym, this Saturday 

10 pm-2 am 
New Migraine Medication 
Non-Caucasian Migraine Suffereres Are Needed! 
Subjects will be paid $1 DO! 

La! 

This is a research study involving an investigational migraine medication 
to stop migraine attacks at onset. Subjects must speak some English 
and be able to come to the clinic in the UTe area during migraine attacks 
and for follow-up evaluations. 
For more Information call: 
Neurologic Center for Headache and Pain 
(619)558-4688 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 ( reg . $2 ) 
Men $14 (reg . $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$50 Perm & Haircw or Highlight & HairCLlf 
8950 Villa La lolla Dr., Ste, 2120 
FO R APP OINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

Th e "Sun" is always shining at 2: 
3251 Holiday Ct. U. ~ ~;~:r UCSD ) Trim & Tan caii 4S5.0~q,\ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

' Firs t tim e clIEnts only with this coupon . 

~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call lor delails " 2nd 30 ran days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a rremporary water lOss • Reduce cellulite and stretch mat1<s 

Do you believe in treedom 01 choice? Anend 
pro-choice rallyl May 5. noon. at Hump. (41 
30) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUNO: small bag with jewelry near Club 
Med. Thursday 4116192. Call luis @ 453-
8258. (4127·5/4) 

SERVICES 
Word Processlng/Typlng : Academ ic 
manuscripts. papers. theses . lellers . 
resumes. Accural8lFast service. Mary Ann 
452·9439. (3130-4130) 
Need help putting together a professional 
IookJng resume? StuClent resume .. rvlce IS 
a student runorganization that can creale a 
resume for you based on the tormal 
recommended by For1une 500 recru ilers tor 
onfy $15. OvemlQht service available. Cail 
Peter. 453-8258. (4127-4130) 
GRAD WEEK·PUERTO VAlLARTA-8 days. 
roundtrip air. beachtronthotet, taxes. translers 
paid. GAP TRAVEL 492-8479. (4120-5(7) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5 95. White you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near SI. Germain·s. 452-9949. (9.'23-614) 
Parvanell's Skin care - Facials, waxi"ll. lash 
tints. permanent eyelner. 10% OFF With ad. 
Artificial and Natural nails. manicure and 
pedicures by Ashley. 10% OFF with ad. Natural 
nails & pedicures "r Rebecca. 1 0% OFF with 
ad. Call lor appointment. Tangles Salon, 
Renaissance Centre. 552-1174. (312().5(4) 
TlC TYPING. "Word processing With Care." 
Repons, Papers. Resumes. Forms. LaserJet 
printer. Student rales. 279-0309. (4113·517) 

VIOLINNIOLA LESSONS. You or your 
chlld(ren) can learn trom an experienced, 
professional teacher. Now accepting studlenlS 
- aU ages and levels welcome. Call Conrad: 
552-0494. (3130-6'4) 
Olga Sari - Electrologist 12OOto 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Honday Court. Studenl 
discounlS. 558-46441226·1962. (3130-614) 
Plano singing. guitar IeSSOOli. at home or at 
our studios. AU levels and styles. (800) 227-
6222. (4116-5111) 
RESUUESIWORD PROCESSING: Profes· 
sionally edited. laser typeset. Resume 
includes free Interviewing tips brochure. 
PagesPlus 452·1240. (4127·5111) 
WORD PROCESSING/DESKTOP PUB-
LISHING - papers. resumes. manuscriplS. 
etc. Laser prinring. Proofreadlspeltcheck. 
Rush service & pick up /delivery available. 
From $2Ipage. Next day service on most 
orders. Sharon 481 -7604. (4(,)0) 
Word processing - term papers. reports. 
resumes. cover leiters. copies •. letters, etc. 
Fast. Accurate. Sara 270-7106. (4/30) 
VOLLEYBALL LESSONS - Summer is 
here, time to reline your bump. set and spikel 
Experienced volleybaJl Instructor will teach 
highly-personalized lessons in grass. sand. 
or indoor techniques. If you want to learn 
volleybalt la.t make the calt - Greg, 546· 
1421 . (4130-517) 

FOR SALE 
Hawaiian Air Roundtrip. $425 abo. lor one 
licket. Sign your name and go by June 29. 
1992. Good at any time betore then. Inctudes 
Island hop to Kauai. Please calt Shawn at 
454·0895. (4130·517) 

r--__ ~::'!n, UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I. F~a;.~;?,.~~~Y* 
"W ..... 
world wide' 

• S20 minimum purchue • within ~ mile radiul or campu 

t:IP M4!9'2 as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID Not v.lid with 

an, other offer. 

AI!I!-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
~ Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 

M:~ ravonte lrave\ ~ng 
ALL OUR TRAVEL CONSULTANTS 

ARE MATURE, RELIABLE 
AND EXPERIENCED 

• Fast, Attentive Service 
• Competitive Fares on Non..Qfficial Travel 
• Free Ticket Delivery 

LOCATED JUST OFF CAMPUS 
BEHIND EL TORITO AND ELEPHANT BAR 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, '1212 
La Jolla, CA 92037.1705 

Call (619)558·0184 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

3 year Old beige custom made couch set with 
queen sleeper. Cost $1600 new. sacrifICe 
$400. Good cond_ion. Twin luton with lrame 
$75. Call Chris 558·2859. (4127-4(.)0) 
100 watt bass and keyboard amp tor sale. 
Only $330. Call Shyam at 272·9957. (4127·51 
14) 
IBU P512 FOR SALE. model50Z. 286. VGA 
color monitor. 1 MB RAM. 30MB HD. 1.44 
UB and 360KB fIooDIes . Software included. 
S600 abo. 546-1197. (427-4/30) 
Furniture , couches. dishes. silverware. 
pictures, lays and lots more. Please call 534-
5213 . (4127·5111) 
1986 Honda Rebel 250. N_ brakes. clutCh. 
chain. Excellent condition. $9OOIotfer. 793· 
7t51 . (4127-4130) 
MotivUountain billa. ShImIroo 21 ·spe8d. good 
cordIion. $125 abo. cal 552'()755. (4127·514) 
For sale: Nlntendo games - excetlent 
condition. $10 each. For list. call Shynn at 
453·8929. (4127..u30) 
2 Nakamlchi 6" speakers $ 125 abo. ADS 8" 
speakers $75 abo. Alpine 80 wan amplifier 
$SO abo. Call Chris 7~"1232. (4120-4/30) 
Hew ......... ~&VIctorytMm~ 
w.tsult with board cover - $120. IIoMf 
Itanan racing blk_ wI campagrolo 
components & tntegra 500 pedals - $100. 
Call Randy: 792-0081 . (4120-514) 
Futon and trame $100. Full size matress set 
565. Bunk bed complete. $159. Can deliver. 
222-4771 (416-4130) 
'84 Honda motorcycle, CB125. Runs great 
and looks brand newl Ptus tull lace helmet. 
56000b0. DayslEves 457-3410. (4/16-4/30) 
Conll'JtBf. IBM oornpatbte, unused. monitor, 
keyboard, printer. paper. manuals. floppies. 
Great lor papersl $499. 259-8217. (4123-4130) 
Japanese/Chinese china and plates lor sale. 
Cheapf 452-2699. (4I2~O) 
Beat the parking hasslel Honda Etite 250. 
1985 model. Top speed approx: 75 mph. 
freeway legal. Selling lor $995. bought it lor 
2300 in '85. Calt 583·2986. (4123-4130) 
Wetsuit (rip curl) - men's UT· fullsuit. all 
bfack, perfect condition 1 $75. Ask lor Simon 
587-8948. (4/30·517) 
1988 Hyundai Excel, good condilion. runs 
great. new brakes. S::!350 - Mar1<us c/o 
Nancy Mitch. 2n-99tO. (4130) 
1980 Honda Civic. Needs small repairs. but 
much already rebuilt. Uust sell I Sabrina 492-
9917. $1000. (4130·517) 
1967 VW Bug - fotsol personality. Runs but 
needs Work. Call Sabrina 492·9917. $750 
abo. (4130·5(7) 
1986 Mits Uirage lS Auto. 3-<1oor. white. 
Like new. $3500. 296-3428. (4130-514) 
Motorcycle helmets. Variety of sizes/styles. 
Cheap. Call Jell at 457-3425. (4(,)0) 
tmagewriter I t includes owner's manual. extra 
ribbon cartridge. excellent condition , $175. 
Susan 274-4613. (4130) 

\ WANTED 
TEN PEOPLE with HEADACHES, drugtess 
therapy. proven results. CALL CARMEN 552-
2882. (4127·5(7) 

n aLambribgt 
'if QIleanef.s 
QUALITY PROFESSIONAL 

CLEANING SERVICE 
-------$200 OFF 
any dry cleaning order 

of $10 or more. 
Exp. June 1. 1992. 

CAMPUS CLOSE! 
4150 Regents Row, Lalolla 

next to Ben & lerry's 

~~N - 0709 

USED 
LEVIS 

New, Lea er 

BIKER 
JACKns 

from $99 
UNIQUI YIlT ... GAIl 
- Relro thru 21 st Century-

Hawaiian • MilitoI)' • 
Flower Power • Cool shades & 

T-shirts 

L-,_, ,C~IT!'~lt~, 
.879 Newport A"nuo. 0 l 221·0220 

I 
I 
I 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

Profitable intemalional marl<eting ~ 
looking tor ambitious people to expand with . 
For inlOrmation call 591·1659. (4120-4/30) 
Anyone whoanended WOODSTOCK MUSIC 
FESTIVAL 1969. Please cal .JoeIlorinterview. 
(619) 587·2756. (4120-4(.)0) 
Piano voice and guitar teachers part Ume. 
Higt.st rates paid. 944-5199. (4116-5111) 
CASTING FOR A VIDEO. Models or model 
types. slim to curvy. good lace. dependable. 
flexible hours. opportunity. Cal 284·5095. 
W/Barbara West. Palomar College/City 
College. (4123-4130) 
EARN t.4ONEY. Couples married for I or 
more years needed tor dissertation research 
project W.takeapproximalely 1 hour. Couple 
paid $15 lor their participation. Calt 456· 
0465. (4130-5111) 
Enthusiastic. seI·disc:iplilted. seI-motivaIed. 
honest rI1Wre studanIs 10 8IlPfy Iorpositions in 
the COMMUNITY SERVICE OFFICER 
PROGIWI. The CSO Program is currently 
filing 8 positions lor FALL 11182. t.lust be 
available lor a one-year comrritment Please 

=~-;:,==== qualification. PJ appIcanIs must ~ one 01 the inIom1iIion sessions before an interview 
may be granted. tnlonnation sessions will be 
held on 5.11.515. 518 and 5112 at 11 am. in the 
Police Department Training Room. Applications 
unolaterthan Uay 12314 p.m. cal Greg at 
534·9255 U -F 9-12 or 2·5 to sign up lor an 
infomlation session. (4/30-5{7) 
Hyperteamlno Intern. (10112 hrslWk). Very 
capable. dependabte businessleduc. or 
business/medical oriented studenlS to help 
with Iong·term proje<;lS. Excellent entrep. 
elq)8rience. 455-1000. (4130-511 4) 
Student needed to distribute lIyers. otherodid 
jobs. 20 hrslWk through spring qtr, possibly 
through summer. Mira Mesa Self Storage. 
calf Mary Alger 453·0511 . (4/30) 

HOUSING 
W.1It to UCSO. Literate and upbeat. tnto 
science. tach. biz. health. and humanity. 
Share nice 2 bdrm apr. (wllols o 'books and a 
pool table I) in Ralph·sCanter. $38OImo. John 
452~. (4127-5128) 
Room lor rent in 3BR house in Clairemont 
Mesa. Washer/dryer. garage. tenced 
backyard. $315 .. 1/3 utW_ies. Uove in ASAP 
467-0345. Paid untif May. (4120-4(.)0) 
ProtessionaVgraduate. 2 bedroom suite 
overlooking Rt. 5-52/Garden. Available now-
summer. Furnished. Linens. No smoking! 
alcohol. 452-0939. (4127-4130) 
Female roommate wanted I S4301mo own 
bedroom and bath or two roommates to share 
the rOOlTllbath lor S2251mo. Near UTC. Call 
587·8626. (4127-4(,)0) 
WINDANSEA BEACH: $250/month. large 
yard. ocean view. quiet. busllne. share room, 
great location. 456-4075. (4127...,.30) 
FEMALE ROClMUATE WANTED to rent large 
room in University City condo. 5335 .. 1/3 
utilities. Jody 587-1330. (4127·517) 

&.nrnerr'OOl1'W1lll8(s) wanted:ownroom ($400) 
or tlIlare master bedroom with a friend (S290 
a.:I1) in furnished 3 bedroom apt. Gym. pool. 

~ close to campus. bus. stores. Gall 452· 
3019. (4127,517) 
Two fun and responsible guys looking lor 2 
people with same qualities to share master 
bedroom in La Jolla during summer and next 
yeartor$3OO1person. 558· t 360. Eric or Kevin 
(4120-514) 
Want to make maMY while you a,. out of 
town thl •• ummer? Rent your house, 
apartment or part thereof to responsible law 
students who wi' be clerking at SeltZer 
Capl.n Wilkins & McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call 685·3164 lor lurther inlormation. 
(4113-614) 
For rent: Townhouse - near bus tine. UTC. 
washer/dryer, dishwasher. 1 112 baths. pool. 
3 bedrooms. Owner not bothersome and 
very quick to lix things. CaH 587·9261 . Leave 
message. (4116..u30) 
La Jolla W 01 1·5 near UCSD. Unfumllurn 
sunny 1 br and studio apes trom $590. 24-
hour security. patioslbalconies. BBCs. By 
Trader Joe·s. bus stop. shopping. 452-8850. 
(4116-4130) 
Room available for 2 women to share lor fall. 
Large house block Irom beach In Del Uar. 
$3tO .. utilities. Denise 792-2392. (4130-514) 
Room lor rent. 112 block away Irom beach. 
master bedroom wibath. live wltw.'O \:1Id back 
students. north P .B.1270-4929. $4761month 
and north itl (4/30·514) 
Female needed immediately lor beautiful 3 
bedroom. 2 1/2 bath home with pool and 
jacuzzi in Tierrasanta. Large room $400 
(utilities included). Negotiable. John (w) 280· 
21tl x274: (h) 569-7691 . (4130) 
UTC area. 3 bedroom condo. 1 112 bath. 
pool , patio , tireplace - very quiet 
neighborhood - responsible. non-smoker. 
$34O/mnt .. 1(,) u1iI. Sadra. 558-1074. (4130) 
Summer sublet - 2 rooms for rent in spacious 
3 BRcondo-nearbus line. walking distance 
to shopping centerNoos. UTC. washer/dryer. 
dishwasher. 1 112 baths. poot. cable. lully· 
equipped kitchen. each lor $325 .. 1 (.) utilities. 
Avaa3ble June 15-Aug 31 ; 558-2634. (4(.)0· 
514) 
Windansea. M/F non·smoker to share 
fumished bedroom 2 bedroom house. $490. 
452-0436. (4(,)0-5111) 
Condo lor rent 2 bedrOOmI2 car garage just 
S890 a month. Viii UiaJloIca 268-9373. (4130) 
Luxury La Jolla 1 bedroom condominium 
secunty gate. pool. spa. sauna. rac roarn. 
racquelball. 2-car garage. Upgrades 
Ihroughout. Near UTC and UCSD $675. 
Relerences required. Nancy Nasrien 576· 
7425 (beeper). (4(.)0) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Sci Ii writer looking to collaborate on small 
story. approx . • 0-60 ~ges , 10 meet 1 or 2 
times per week. Solid writing skills are a 
must. 2·3 authors in tandem. No pay . 587-
~ Ari (pron "R.E: ). (4/27-4(,)0) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Part time. mornings: Tues.IThurs .. P.R. 
Marketing assistant tor doctor's oHice. Call 
CARUEN 452·2882. (4127·517) 
TripleA Stuclent Painters. Now hiring painters 
lull/part time. No experience necessary. Eam 
$5-8thour worlting in Rancho Sante Fe and 
Encillitas. Act now I 1-800-394-6000. Homan 
A$iri (4127-4/30) 
Large outdoor event company Iooklng tor 
enthusiastic people to wor\( weekends. If you 
are a "people person .. call Personnel at 587· 
1717. Uonday·FOO3y. l p.m. · 5p.m. (4127 · 
4(.)0) 
FIT Summer Marketing/SaJes Assistant Mac 
experienc&'slrongOOrTYT100icati0n slUlsdesired. 
$5.5OIhr. JennitBf 457-9882. (4113..u30) 
Being lit is hiring experienced aerobic 
teachers lor Clalremont location. Catl Lenny 
483·9294. (4120,514) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Eam 
$2.ooo.Imonth + world travel (Hawaii. Uexico, 
IIleCantlean, etc.). Holiday. surrmerand~ 
employmenl available. No experience 
necessary. For erJ1)ioyment program calli · 
206-545-4155 ext. C450. (3130-&4) 
EXCEPTIONAL SU .... ER OPPOR-TUNITY 
- Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrs/NYC) 
counselor/specialist positions-alilandiwater 
SPOilS, camping. computers. A&C. radio. 
Write us at 55 Channel Drive . Port 
Washington, NY 11 0500rcaIl516-883·3067. 
(2127-4/30) 
L1FEGUARD/SWIU INSTRUCTORS. $7.29/ 
hr. Available now thru summer. Poway School 
District. Requires: WSI. 1 Sl Aid. CPR. LGT. 
Call 679-2545 .. 8-5. U ·F. (4120-4/30) 
END THE SEMESTER WITH A BANGI 
Studenl groups: Earn hundreds of dollars 
each day oHering DiscoverCard applications 
on campus. Last chancel 1-800·932-0528. 
ext 99. (4123·5114) 

PERSONALS 
Technology princess. Our true cotors are 
recorded: wMellrey-brownllreen-red-blue-
yellow. Listen. (4113-614) 
YOU CAN HAVE WHITER, BRtGHTER 
TEETH NOWf Dentist supervised . 
permanently whitens. Sate and simple. $300 
for upper and lOwer/ reg. $495. Staff and 
Student payment plans available. Call today 
tor more inlormation at 453·5525. (4123-514) 
WANTED 100 PEOPLE. We will pay you to 
lose 10·29 Ibs. in 30 days. 1-800-377-8442. 
(4127·5114) 
VOLLEYBALL LESSONS - Summer is 
here, lime to refine your bump. sel and spike! 
Experienced volleyball instructor will leach 
highty·personatized tessons in grass. sand. 
or indoor techniques. If you want to learn 
volleyball last make the call - Greg. 546· 
1421 . (4130-517) 
World Music 13 grads I Highly recornmend80 
Korean percussion concell. Samutnorl 
Uandeville Auditorium. Thursday. April 30 
Sp. Tickets UEOBox.3tree Samulnoridemos: 
Thurs 4/30 lOa WLH 2001 : Thurs t 2 
Mandeville B2t O. (4/30) 

TODAY IS THE LAST DAY 
to apply to be Editor in Chief. Applications, consisting of resume, clips and cover letter, 

are due by 5 p,m, today in our offices on the second floor of the old Student Center, 
FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 534-6580 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

[ 

~ 

7044 Flanders Drive 

~S'ECIALS! 
with t.D. 

0 

THIRD MONTH 

FREE 
Call about 

FREE TRUCK 

( U=~L J 
.t AU GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
", NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 
", NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
", HILTON QUAUTY AT MOTEL 6" PRICES 
", CAU FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

Jk __ M,VO ~ !; 
• I~ ~~ Ii N STOll 

~III 

~ ... _110. 453-0511 

lETHE 
REVELLE 

GRADUATION 
SPEAKER! 
Applications are 

available now 
at the Revelle 
Dean's Office 

DEADLINE: MAY 8th 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research 8tudies evaluat" 
inc medicationa are available to 
people 18 or older auITennc from 
depreaeion. Symptom8 include .. d" 
ne .. , fatigue, loa_ of intereat in 
daily activitie., chancel in .Ieep 
and weicht, hopelessneu, and 
indecision. Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free medication, lab 
te.te, physicals and p.ychi.tric 
evaluation •. Sm.1I travel pay-
ment oITered. Call for a confi-
dential evaluation. 

[J{ftj = 554-0100 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenscs Extcnded Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
L~~~2~.Al Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 
*Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses. 30 

Brands include B&L, Cooper, WI, 
Paraperm. Boston. 

• Proie •• ion Service 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircll10nt Mcsa Blvd. 

• Quality Eyecare 
• Re •• onable Price. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10-5 

FREE 
DOZEN 

9fowers dl 9f!s CARNATIONS 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 
. an Diego. CA 92121 

1\1111 Iltl,dlJ"'-1l1 '1'"ur 1I!llfl-
'LJI ~ "iI,; "" Ittl Jf\~ Ilth...'f Ilk( 

.. 
558-6666 f:xp Ufl 4f92 · Wt Deliw:r Wortd \\ ide" 

ThinkOfItAs 
____ =Iiair · 
forTheM~ 

The prlndp!': : thl.: ml)re ways Yl'U haw of karning 
snmelhmg, the better ynu 'lI understand it. Academic types 
l'all this "multi-modal learning." At Kaplan -k s t Prep. wc 
ca ll it cross-rraini ng for thc mind . 

• 

At Kaplan. \\'( itllcgr'lll' more dilTcretll learning ap-
proaches th.m an)' I)(her progr.un . \Vhl.:n you (rain ror thl.: 
:'vICAT with us. you'l! havc accl.:ss «) Ii\'!; cla ssl.:~ . audio 
rcinrnrcements. '1"tJcmic and strategy clinics. home study 
nl)(CS and individual IUhlring. You'lI takl' prilCIIL'C rests that 
run the gamut from tnpic dri lls III rull -Icngrh released 
CX.ltllS . from tapcd self-tcsr!'> 1<1 .1 simulated MeAT Cl)mpk'lc 
with tickers. lllningand proelOrs. 

\-"irh lhlS kind oftmining. nil \I'llnder K" pi;m producc~ 
mMe tl)p MeAT SCMCS and prcpares more tllcd sclh)ol 
cimdid.lIes than all <lthcr courSl'S combrned . 

KaplanMCATPrep 
Clll I-K(\l· I\AI'-TfSl "'r "'UP'" ml.,roll.It "' " 

,tnt! dm .. ' (Ulllb h' th\.' ( l ' nh • .' r nl'.m ,:"" ~'t)u 
11)<.2 \l 1 111~"\ H I\.l ll~ l tll"t".m.lt~tI ( " '!li / I tll 



, 
\ 

14 SPORTS 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

·SEHOnIEENTRY~~ R In" BY 1 1"5HU'T Uf1 
PAI'Ol Al.ON(j Wrt'H YOUIit NAME. VEAA I ~ SOfOClL. 
liO'4I!lOW>I. cou.ro YOU ATTV/D AT UCSD ... AK)It . 
AND I'HON£ NU ... EIt TO: SI'OOTS EI>'TOOt. UCSD 
o AJlotAN. 9500 OIL ... AN 0.". 03 16. LA JOLLA. 
CA 9209.1-0) 16. YOUCA~ ALSO DO"" IT """N TN E 
Sf'V'lTS Eum) " s BU~ AT ' -11E G U,.\RDIA.N 0Ft'lCE. 
l O(An D l'II n t! SflJOtXTCt l'fffJC. ACROSS FJtO'i TlIE 
lon .t . 

- All UCSD STlrOl.Jo(N. STAf f , ANn I"Al"t LTV 
Ak a! LUGIML[ TO tJ(1TJC. E\( [YT' FOR G UAk OIA l"I' 'IT All' 
MUt8[Jt5 " " 0 U UWYLE.5 LW 81's tlleAGO PIZl.£-
MIA. 

-THl! n..t,SON "'KJ Cu \1CS lj f' wmt Ttl · MOST 
(,'ORREl.'"T A~"WE.~ . "" 1)fT[RMIMO IV TIlE JUUOCS. 
.... ILL 8[ OCCUltED n i t OR"""O .-MIlE ~' I"'I'IIrk ,,""0 
WILL ftC R(('()O"'IlCO VtIlEN Til E QLlllS ~1"ifE1) Til£. 
rOl.U)wlNO W[I IC . I,.. nIE f VE"ll'OP /It. TIt. A l)tt.t\ 'A' I"-O 
WIl,..L SF HtLa Tn Dfl[R.!r.ll fto E nl~ WI"''' (R. T IIOS 
('ORRLC"T r"'lTRI($.-.oT S[I.leTt 0 AS TII [ o RA." 0 MUll 
WIJro;'1U WIU BE CO"" IOCR(l) RUftoI'IEItS -l P. 

oQ.~ v ON EHTII V f'fJl PCRSOI< I'Ot IJI-IZ. No 
~tASS-PROOUCLD fJtlTR IES ""ILl. 8EACttmD. E NTl.I£S 
Ml ST BE. ATTH~ G UARDtAf'tl BY MJ()'" W [m.ESOAY. 

- T ilE GRANO PRIZE WIOroI""[R WILL k ECEIVE A F'R[£ 
UINNt:R fUI: n 'u AT 8J ' 5 C IUCAOfl PrZZ£RIA. Rul'l" 
NEIlS-' P WILL lu.CE.J VE A IllE£ PfT['fI U OF M K'UELOB 
IAAFT RU .JI: . OI. SODA. AT 8J 's. LOCATED .,.. LA J OLLA 
VIUAGE SouA RL A LIST OF ALL WI""..ERS WIU HE 
I'OSTED AT ru 's EALlI WE.EK AND WIN EJit5 NEED TO 
~ltOW lDt;NnfICATHlN TO Cl.AIM ",ll.ES. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who was the firs t pick in the 
1992 NFL draft? 
2. Which NFL team dra fted David 
Klingler? 
3. What is the mascot of Okla-
homa State? 
4. Who is the head coach of the 
Seattle SuperSonics? 
S. Who did Anhur Ashe beat to 
win h i~ only Wimbledon title? 
6. What is the ma scot of 
Barcelona's WLAF team'? 
7. Name the three pitchers the San 
Fr-.lIlcisco Giant~ received from Sc-
uttle in return for Kevin Mitchel l. 
8. Who led the NBA in rebounds 
in 199 1-92? 
9. Who is the new head coach of 
the Los Angeles Rams? 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCS D women's water polo team? 
Last week's questions: 
1. Whowi ll be the new head coach 
of the San Antonio Spurs? Jerry 
Tarkanian 
2. Who are the Los Angeles Kings 
play ing in the first round of the NHL 
playoffs? Edmonton Oilers 
3. Who was the first player picked 
in the 1991 NFL draft? Russell 
Maryland 
4. What is the mascot of the Uni-
versity of Illinois? Fightln' IIIini 
5. True or false: The Los Angeles 
Lakers made the NBA playoffs? 
True 
6. Name the two boats in the 
America's Cup defender final s. 
Stars & Stripes and AmericaJ 
7. Name the three owners of the 
CFL's Toronto Argonauts. John 
Candy, Wayne Gretzky and 
Bruce McNall 
8. Who will the Los Angeles Clip-
pers play in the first round of the 
1992 NBA Playoffs? Utah Jazz 
9. Who is the current NL leader in 
triples? Deion Sander 
10. Who is the U SD athletic di-
rector? Judy Sweet 
T hl week 's winner - David 
Eshbaugh. Revelle. Senior. Phys-
ic • Manhattan Beach. CA. 

Runners Up: List of 16 posted at 
81's 

SOFTBALL 
ContInued from pe&e 18 
made it to second on Sara V aplon . s 
ingle, and both of them advanced a 

base on an illegal pitch. Moreno 
scored when Failh Franke nailed a 
two-out single, but that was all the 
Tri tons would get. 

TIle main problem was the fact 
that UCSO stranded 10 runners, in-
cluding three of them on third base. 

" We definitely hould have 
scored more." Head Coach Meli sa 
Jarrel said. "Leaving that many 
people on and not scoring them re-
ally takes away any momentum." 

After picking up two run in the 
top of the second, Moreno held 
CSUDH scoreless until the sixth. 
when the Toros picked up their final 
four run . 

Game two was a different story. 
however. The Tri tons, who have 
been notorious for coming out fl at. 
especially in doubleheader night-
caps. were focused on winn ing. 

The Toros managed to score in 
the second when S randi Pilato 
reached fi rst on an error, then went 
to second and then third on two 
more Triton miscues. Pilato scored 
on - you guessed it - an error 
when catcher Emily Rubincouldn ' t 
handle Lisa Mora's throw from 
centerfield on a Dominguez Hills 
pop-up. 

Despite her defense' s collapsing 
around her. Triton pitcher Kim 
Stutzman didn't lose her control 
and survived the second. The junior 
was untouchable. holding the Toros 
to three hits and the unearned run. 

After that econd inning. her de-
fense got on track and came up with 
the big plays that UCSO needed. 

Mora. a senior captain who is 
known fo r her . pectacular catches. 
mudeher last gameat UCSD memo-
rable when he robbed Berthiaume 
ofa hi t in the third. Wi th arunneron 
second and two out. Berthiaume 
ripped adrive that wa<; a lock todrop 
in front of Mora The Triton had 
other ideas. diving forwurdand pick-
ing the ball off at the last second. 

UCSO answered CSU DH in the 
th ird when Ali i on Booth led off 
with a single. then moved to second 
on aground ball by Franke. Melissa 
Mazanet si ngled to put Booth on 
third, selling the stage fOrlhe offen-

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from page 16 
6-2 triumph. 

"I managed to come back in my 
third set. and mentally I really hung 
in there," Chandler said. 

However things did not end as 
well for UCSO as a whole. Doubles 
matches were played by lnaba and 
Nicole House, who lost in a close 
three-set match against UC River-
side. Chandler and Amanda Lynch. 
following the same trend. lost their 
first round of doubles in aquick two 
sets. 6-3. 6-2. 

"The ingles matches gave the 
girls good practice, and the doubles 
were tough competition that unfor-
tunately did not go our way." said 
Head Coach Liz LaPlante. 

On Monday the entire Tri ton 
team played Point Loma and had 
somete ' -than-pleasing results. The 
6-3 fall wasall ributed [0 the unusual 
lineup. 

Top Triton players Inaba and 
Chandler withdrew. Inaba because 
of illness and Chandler due to a 
class ontl ic!. 

"Their team [Point Loma) was 
too tough for u . with the lineup we 
had ," LaPlante said. 

Amanda Lynchmovedup to play 

The UCSD Guardian 

Lisa Mora 
sive play of the game. 

Mora was batting and hit a ground 
ball right back to the pitcher who 
tossed it to fi rst for the second out. 
Meanwhile, Booth was taking off 
for home plate. First baseman Mel-
issa Punch whipped the ball to 
catcher Letty Caranza. who tumed 
to make the lag. But Booth wasn't 
there - the freshman made a beau-
tiful hook slide, coming in below 
and around Carranza's tag. 

"That slide was key, because it 
kept u in the game," Jarrell said. 

Ibarra kept the Triton at bay 
until the sixth inning. Again it was a 
freshman who came through for 
UCSD. this time Teri Zuniga, who 
led off with a triple. It was the 48th 
hit of the year for Zuniga, the fifth-
best season total in UCSO history. 

Zuniga was brought in on the 
next batter when Rubin bounced 
one over lbarra's head. TIle Toros 
pounced on the ball and went fOrLhe 
tag at home. But the sliding practice 
again paid off for the Tritons as 
Zuniga went around the tag for the 
game-winning run. 

But the Tritons still had to shut 
the potent Dominguez Hills offense 
down forthree more outs. Stutzman 
got in trouble and had run ners on 
second and thi rd with only one oul. 
One pop-up later, CSUDH 's hopes 
rested on Juli e Borquez. 

Stutzman quickly fell behind to 
theToroand Jarrell trouedo ut to the 
mound to reassure herpi tcher. What-
ever the eaoch said worked and 
Borquez dribbled one to Stutzman 
who to 'sed it to fi rst forthe final out. 

"I was glad I that I for the seniors 
we got to go out on a winning note. 
I Stutzman] pitched excellently, and 
our defense played well. You can't 
ask for a beller ending," Jarrell said. 

in the number-three Triton spot and 
tumed things around for UCSO by 
successfully defeating her chal-
lenger 6-2, 4-6, 6-0. 

Lynch, who as a senior was play-
ing her last collegiate match until 
nationals, had a brilliant comeback 
in her third set. 

Nationals are scheduled to be 
held in Kalamazoo, Michigan at 
Kalamazoo College on May 12. This 
Sunday, the seeding for the tourna-
ment will be decided. 

"Hopefully we will be in the top 
four." LaPlante commented when 
asked whalthe selection committee 
will rank the Tritons. 

lnaba is excited about nationals 
and said, "It's nice nottobetopseed 
in the draw because I don ' t feel 
there are as many expectations on 
us. Wecan go inand give itourbe t 
shot," 

The pr.lctices leading up to na-
tionals will be lighlly longer and 
will foc us on the team's problem 
areas. 

The other competing teams at 
the national tournament are highly 
skilled and ex tremely qualifi ed. 
laPlante has confidence that the 
Tri tons are capable but now must 
concent rate on tennis as a mental 
sport . 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

Tritons Host Cycling 
1be UCSOcycling team hosted Matt Sorensen won the men 's 

two races last weekend and came "B"divisionashelappedthefieldto 
away with some pleasing results. win the pack sprint. 

On Saturday morning, the Tri- InSunday'sSupercomputerCir-
tons competed in the Torrey Pines cuit-Race Don Lan grabbed first 
time-trial. When the day was over, placeinthemen's"C"divisionwhile 
UCSD found itself in second place, teammate Jason Jones pulled ahead 
tied with UC Santa Barbara. of the pack to finish half a lap in 

TIle Tritons grabbed first place front of the rest of the riders in the 
in Saturday's afternoon race, as men's " 0" division. 
Dave Deyhimy won the men's "A" Rachel Tobin finished fourth in 
division, out-sprinting the pack to the women's "S" Calegory. 
fmi h 40 seconds ahead of the field. - Ken PerINn 

Crew Does Ergathon 
By Theresa Moore 
Staff Writer 

This Friday the UCSOmen's 
crew team will be holding an 
Ergathon from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
on the Price Center walkway. 

According to ophomore 
oarsmanJustin Yockel, this event 
i the first of whatthe team hopes 
will become an annual 
fundraiser. TIle team hopes to 
raise enough money to fly its 
members to the Pacific Coast 
Rowing Championships (PCRC) 
in May. The relJlilinder of the 
money will go toward purchas-
ing new oars and establishing a 
team budget. 

TIle team will set out eight 
rowing machines referred to as 
"ergs" on Friday and the 35 
members will row for approxi-
mately two hours each some-
time within the II -hour period 

TIle team has set a goal of 
rowing I ,000,000 meters total. 
According to Yockel , this dis-
tance was set because it is the 
equivalent of the distance from 
San Diego to Sacramento. the 
site of the PeRC. 

The idea of holding the 
Ergathon was conceived by 
Head Coach MikeShannonsev-
eral months ago. Since then. 
team members have been en-
couraged to eam $100 each 
through sponsorship per meter 
or by flat donation. 

If the team reaches its goal 
of 1,000.000 meters. it will pre-
sumably break the Guinness 
World Record. 

Holding the event at the Price 
Center will allow for on-the-
spot donations, and will also 
give the team exposure as an 
intercollegiale sport at UCSD. 

CIu:K ~CiuwrUI 
Dominic Dirksen guns down a would-be Whittier base thIef on Tuesday. 

BASEBAU 
ContInued from ..... 18 
twice on the ~, giving him an 
.846 success rate. 

TIle Tritons pounded out five 
runs in the third inning. highlighted 
by a two-out, bases-loaded triple off 
thebatofDa\'idBlum. DoranYount 
followed with asingle to right, scor-
ing Blum. 

UCSO added one more in the 
fourth before dealing the Poets a 
six-run clubbing in the fifth inning 
on only one hit. Luckily for UCSD, 
that hit was Cataldo's bomb, which 
came after the bases had been walked 
full. 

Tritons were busy tearing into the 
Poet slingers with 12 ba-.e hits and 
seven bases on bails , junior 
lefthander Ryan Hanagan tossed a 
complete-game four-hitter, improv-
ing his record to 7-1. 

Hanagan was getting ahead of 
hiners all afternoon. setting II P0-
ets down on strikes while walking 
only two. Yates cited Aanagan's 
one-run effort as possibly his best 
outing of the season. 

Hanagan's outing has to be com-
foning to Vates with the NCAA 
playoffs only two weeks away. 
UCSD is expected to ID3tchup with 
first-ranked Cal Lutheran in a five-
game series to span only three days. 

TI1eTritons stacked on two more TIle Tritons and K ingsmen split two 
in the eighth inning, when even 
pitcher Denny Kubinski ripped into 
the Poet rotation by slappingasingle 
to left. 

Blum hammered out two hits in 
three trips, includ ing the bases-
loaded triple. The se nior third 
baseman has menaced pi tchers over 
the last 13 ganlCS. going 17 for his 
last 41 with a pair of round-trippers. 

Blum's.4 15c1ipoverthelast 13 
games has boosted his ovemll aver-
age 74 points to a solid .307. As the 

games of tournament play earlier 
thi year. butthe uccessionofgames 
will give a substantial edge to the 
team with the deepest pitching taff. 

The Tritons boast a rotation of 
senior ace Brent Hansen (9-0). 
Aanagan. senior Bryan Thomason 
(4-2), and senior Denny Kubin. ki 
(2- 1). Relievers Kurt Luhrsen (3-2, 
three saves) and Steve Height (one 
save) will also be key assets to a 
rotation which ha. .. held adversaries 
to a .243 clip this season. 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

UCSD BOOKSTORE'S 
ANNUAL 

E 

o 
OFF 

CLOTHING 
& SUPPLIES* 

• Best-sellers, magaZInes , textbooks, medical 
books and Instruments, .he computer and 
electron ics departmen t are excluded. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ORRErs 
La Jolla Marriott 

TEQUILA TUESDAY , 
\\'S ~ R~n' GOOd l\me. 

'--~D~ON~'T~F::O-=-RG-E-T--l 
HAPPY HOUR 

5·8 p.m. 
$1.00 
APPETIZERS 

$1DRA;:i; 
NIGHT 

$2.25 
TEQUILA SUNRISE 

Late Night Jammin'to Classic Rock $100 Tequila Sho~ 8 pm to clOSing 
TORREY'S A San Diego 
Nightclub Iu.:atcd in the 4240 La Jolla Village Dr., La Jolla Cl 92037 

San Diego ~ I miolt (619)587-1414 en. 6220 

Dinner 
Delivered! 

Donn • Home • Ollke 
LA JOLlA 

GOURMET DELIVERY 
from La Jolla's Restauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

IT'S COMINGI 
TritonTel 

Watch these pages 
for more informationl 

15 

Dear science students: 
We arc a sci. cduc. co . seeking 
truly xcellem TA 's/ instructors 
for pi t & f!llcaching positions. 
If you know of a ny rea lly out-
standing,one-of·a-kind T A'sJ 
instructors in Bio, Chem &O-
C hem. Math or Physics. pIc 
and we will send you useful 
grad school prep info for do ing 
so, + $300 linder 's fee for any 
instructor hircd. 
Thanks! 

)·800·843·4973 &:J. , ___ 1 ____ • __ 
.c::J1',JJ-IIIl' 7I:at ., "' ~ 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............ .450·3323 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587 ·3680 
S.l's Pizza ................... .455·0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456·1579 
Domlno's ..................... .452·UCSD 
He,di's ........................ .450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .456·BREW 
La Jolla Gou rmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai Cuisine .... .. .456·2063 
Stratford Coffee House 48 t ·8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Robert's ..... .. ..... .... .. ...... 275·11 32 
Tom's ............ ...... ........ .450·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558·8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587·4844 

UCSD HAIR 
You ng Attitudes ...... ..... .457 ·3384 

Year~ Ahead ................ 546·7666 
We Care Hair .... .. ......... 587·CUTT 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ............... ... .455·0909 
Pinwheels ...... ............... 558·1858 
Nails by Jennifer ........ .. 560·0325 
Royalty Nails ........... .. .. .483·6188 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery .......... ... 277·8255 
Being Fit ................ ...... .483·9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 
UC Cyclery .. .. .... .......... .452·8842 
Dr. McDonald. Opt. ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C . . 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS .459·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .. ......... . ..455·5545 
Diva Flowers ...... .. .. ...... 558·6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .. ......... .. .452·0630 

UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Stor . ... .453·051 1 
Miramar at Cabot ......... 549-0500 

UCSD ETC. 
Audioflle ................. ...... 459·FILE 
Cal Copy ..................... .452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ...... .... ... 277·6744 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
MD Labs ... ........ ............ 226·1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450·9291 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587·8600 
Video Gallery .. ............. 452-1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
SI. Germain's ......... .. ... .455·1414 



SPORTS 
16 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 30, 1992 

, . 

BIT~ r Tritons Finally Hit Their 
PIEe& Stride In Season Finale ~ PETERKO 

Nostradamus, the 
Titanic and Maddox 
J U~, A H,W N<m:.S: • II 's an NFL Draft theme. Gmb a fork and let's dive 
imo the world's m~1 overhyped 
men! market: 

• WOr..1 tirsl-round pick: Anyone 
who t " a quartertxlck. The 

incinnmi Sengals' move is hard to 
figure, David Klingler, at be:.t, i~ a 
QS fOrlhe future. He i!>I"t going to 
help them immediately, in part 
beca~ he isn't ready, and in part 
becau:.e Boomer &ia,<;on is in from 
c~ him. FurthemlOre, the Bengals 
are lcaklllg like the Titanic at every 
position on the field. ('.Icl'pr 
quarterback. Everyone agrees that 
this was a pick for Ihe future, bUI if 

incinnati is thinking about the 
future. it should be looking about 10 
minutes in front of its nose. 

A!> convoluted ,lS that piclmight 
M!em, the Broncos' choice of UCLA 
quartertxlck Tommy Maddox is 
even harder to understand. He's a 

~tring bean, He wasn't lenibly 
fanta!>ti while in college, and he's 
going to be even less fantastic in the 
NFL. In addition, he's going to be 
ining behiOO J hn Elway. F.o;sen-

tially, Denver dmfied a career 
backup quanerback ill rhl' firsr 
rou/ld. 

W ORSl' ARST-ROUND pick. not a QB: Los Angeles Rams, 
Sean Gilbert. Now Mr. Gilbert 
might turn out to be a superstar. (I 
call him Mi ter because he's bigger 
than a truck). He mighl also rum out 
10 be a horrendous bust. BUI when 
you 're picking lIlird in the dmft, you 
don't take nyers on guys with labels 
like "enonnous potential but has 
questionable work ethics." 

You take guys who you know 
are going to be sure-tire hits (or as 
close as they can be in tllis million-
dollar crJps t). DrJfting potential 
b nor the way to climb your way out 
ofllle NFL's mud pit. 

• Dmlt pick with bigge~t mouth: 
arl~ Huerta. an Diego. Carlos 

may in fact be the second-coming of 
MOllen Ander.;en. 1lx:n again, he 
may also be the second<oming of 
BjOrn illITlO. lfyou'vejust been 
picked in the 1211l round. it's usually 
because someone d 'n't like your 
attitudeoryourability ... maybe iI's 
you. Popping off about how 
wondcrful you are is nol the way 10 
endear yourself to management. the 
fans or your new teammates. Head 
cases usually fmd lIleir way inro 
balhroom stalls fasler than anyone 
else. 

D RA/-,ANALYSTWmlbiggest mouth: Mel Kiper, Jr. Who is 
lIlis guy and why hasn't he been 
shot? The moulll-lhal-won'l-shut-up 
i supposed to be some type of 
expen. What qualifies him as an 
expeI1? According to a Spof1S 
II/uslrored story, he once predicted 
!hat Anthony Bell wasn't the big-
lime linebacker ptlOenix !houghl he 
was. That's it? Hell, NostrJdamus 
got that one righl 

• Eric Dickerson? Yikes. 

• Softball rocked 8-1 in 
frrst game, but comes 
back strong to take a 2-1 
win in final conte t 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate spans EdItor 

Whal if? That' S Ihe que lion the 
U D softball team was asking it -
self after winning its fin(1l game of 
the season 2·1 ver powerful Divi-

~ion II al WIC 0 minguez !-lilh 
on Tue~ay. Earlier in the day. thc 
Tnlons dropped the fil'>! game, 8-1. 

Whal if the team h(1d played the 
entire ~eason the way it did the lasl 
game? What if the learn had over-
come the mental err ~ and Ihe in-
consistency that plagued il all sea-

~on earlier in Ihe year? But Iho~ 
were questions for the off-season, 
<lI1d Ihe only concern on Tuesday 
, as winning. 

ThaI wasn't Ihe concern of the 
team in the first game, Ihough: sur-
vival was. The oUlgunned Triton ' 
were bombarded by lhe Toros from 
the first inning. 

DominguezHill led off the game 

with Gloria Saldana reaching first 
on one of the Tritons' three errors. 
UCSD almo t got out of Ihe licky 
itualion, picking up IWO outs while 

holding Saldana on first. 
But clean-up batter Julie 

Berthiaume had other ideas, and 
bIas led a tn pIe 10 the right centerfield 
wall 10 !.Core Saldana. Berthiaume 
scored when the next hiner, icole 
Sleher. picked up a single, and the 
inning ended 2-0. Toro . 

Dianna M reno, pitching in her 
last game as a Trilon, had trouble 
wilh Dominguez Hill:. all day. The 
senior, who is the Trilon!.' all-time 
ERA leader, and :.ports an aimosl 
non-e)(istent 0.68, was touched for 
1 I hits in the seven-inning effort. 

"I wa!>n't pitching that badly: it 
wru. jusl Iheir day at Ihe plale," 
Moreno said. 

BUI Moreno wasn 'I gening much 
help from heroffense,eithcr. UCSD 
picked up seven hits off of Toro 
hurler Julie Borquez, bUI scored only 
thc one run in Ihe second. 

Moreno helped herself, slicing a 
ingle to leadoff Ihe second. She 

See SOFTBAll, Page 14 
ChucK NguyeniGuardiM 

Dianna Moreoo played in her final game as a Triton, a 2-1 win. 

Women's Water Polo Dominates Aztecs 
• Dailey and Reiton lead 
the way as Tritons raise 
their record with 14-6 
dunking of San Diego 
State yesterday 
By Ken Perlman 
SPOrts Editor 

The San Diego State women's 
water polo club team was hoping 
Ihat the Ihird time would be the 
charm when it visited cros -Iown 
UCSD yesterday. 

Earlier this season, the Tritons 
knocked off the Aztec in a tough 
8-7 grudge malch. A few weeks 

Crusaders 
Top Tennis 
By Bree Segel 
Guardian Reporter 

While the rest of the Triton 
women's tennis team prepared for 
an upcoming loumamelll again t 
Point Loma Nazarene College. four 
women hi t the road for some intense 
malches al a toumanlent in Ojai. 

Things weill well for number-
one Triton singles player Robyn 
Inaba. who beal her first opponent, 
from Divi ion n UC Riverside, 6-0, 
6-2. Inaba sailed 10 anmher easy 
6-O,6-0winagain lher secondcon-
tender, who was from Cal Lullleran. 

She Ihen faced an opponent from 
one of the top tearns in the country, 
Division U UC Davis, and lost 6-1, 
2-6, 6-2. " I fell confident playing 
although IlosI," Inaba said. She said 
she remained self-assured with her 
powerful backhand drive through-
oul Ihe enlire malch. 

Diane Chandler. number-three 
Triton player. losl a challenging 
match lothenumber-oneplayerfrom 
Cal Poly P mona. Chandler came 
alive in her match again t a UC 
Riverside ad ersary \ ith a 6-2, _-6, 

See W, TENNIS, Page 14 

laler, Ihe Tritons got a somewhat 
easier win ar the Great Davis 
ShOOlout, 5-0. 

The wins JUSt kept gening easier, 
however, as thi s time UCSD 
downedSDSU l4-6tonolchitsl611l 
win of the season. 

Yesrerday' comesl was never 
even cJoseas lhe Trilonsjumpedout 
10 a quick 5- I lead and never looked 
back. The Azlecs managed 10 keep 
pace in Ihe second quarter, but 
UCSD still held a 7-3 advantage. 

The Trilons managed to eXlend 
Ihe lead 10-5 afler Ihree before go-
ing on 10 take Ihe eight-point win. 

Jamie Dailey and Brenda Reiton 

led Ihe UCSD attack. 
" I Ihought we had some very 

good composure in the water," said 
UCSD Head Coach Denny Harper 
of the very physical game. 

One big plus for the Tritons was 
the return 10 action of Allison 
Westfall, who is recovering from an 
elbow injury. Though Westfall re-
ceived very limited playing lime, 
Harper was pleased wilh her 
progress and expects her 10 receive 
more lime in weeks to corne. 

Behind outstanding defense and 
the play of freshman goalie Leona 
Mason, UCSD all but shut down the 
Azlec offensive attack. 

Last weekend, lhe Tritons had 
some difficulty executing offen-
sively. With teams doubling back 
on hole-man Dailey, UCSD was 
reluctant 10 shoot from outside. Yes-
terday' however, the Tritons had no 
such problem as con istent shool-
ing helped balance the attack. 

UCSD compeles this week in a 
tournament at Cal. Harper said Ihal 
a main focus for the Trirons will be 
the offensi ve root ion game. He said 
that for UCSD to be effective in the 
upcoming USA Water Polo Colle-
giate Nationals, aggre sive driving 
will be a key, along with srrong 
perimeter shooting. 

Poetry In Motion 
For Baseball 
• Sixth win in a row for UCSD 
as it knocks off Whittier 144 
Tuesday behind Aanagan 
By Ben Elgin 
Staff Writer 

As the Triton offense continues to chase 
opposing pilchers as a maner of routine, 
UCSD (25-6- 1) steamrolled Whittier Col-
lege 14-4 on Tuesday,extending its larestwin 
streak 10 ix game . 

UCSD's l4-run loral marks the fifth time 
in six games that the batsmen have reached 
the double-digit plateau, and the 12th lime 
thi s season. 

"We're back on track," remarked Head 
Coach Lyle Yales. "[Before] we didn' t seem 
to have Ihe fire in us. but flOW ( guess they 
smell the finish line," 

Lead-off hitter Guy Cataldo certainly felt 
the fire on Tuesday as he went 5 for 5 with a 
grand lam in the fifth inning. Calaldo 's blast. 
which easily cleared lhe left field fence. was 
his second of the year. 

om Nguyen. GuNdIM 
Triton ace Ryan Aanagan threw afour-hitteron Tuesday. 

Cataldoscoredthreetime and toleapair 
of bases, his 10th and II Ih oflhe season. The 
senior spee<isrer has only been gunned down 

See BASEBALL, Page 14 



H2 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 30, 1992 

By .IOSEPH GARCIA, HIATUS EDITOR 

Surround 
• Seattle's Soundgarden gives concert 
filled with thicker-than-molasses vibes 

I tseemedjustafewmonthsago everyone was talking about the Seanle sound-the core group of garage bands creating a fuss in the Pacific Northwest. Some 
of the Sea-town bands have 

~trugglcd with moderate success. 
but it was Nirvana who broughtlhe 
grungy, thicker-than-molasses 
sound to the mainstream. But what 
about Soundgarden. singer/guitar-
ist Chris Cornell. guitarist Kim 
Thayil, bass player Ben Shepherd, 
and drummer Mall Cameron (who 
is frornSan Diego), the gr.rnd daddy 
of Seaule sound bands? Why has 
their success been so slow? 

Both Nirvana and Sound garden 
released albums about the same 
time, yet Soundgarden's album 
sales have been half of Nirvana's. 
Nel'el'm;IId rocketed Nirvana to 
platinum heights in a few month 
whi Ie 8admo/OIjil/ger truggled 
with gold status. Both albums sound 
good, but one is simple while the 
other more complex 
BadllwfOljil/ger Ita!; weird arrange-

menl~, changing and odd time sig-
natures, and atypical chord pro-
gression - the opposite of 
Nel·erm;lId. 

Ar Iguana 's last Sarurday. 
Soundgarden proved i t ~till deserves 
its gmnd daddy status. As a band, 

CONCERT 

few can beat these boys live. The set 
consi ' ted of the entire 
Badmofofjillger album, sprinkled 
with cuts from their last two en-
deavors. Chri!. Cornell belted and 
crooned note for note his album 
vocal tracks - an amazing feat of 
his vocal ability. 

Man Cameron didn 't miss ;m 
odd meter or a watch-me-pull -a-
rabbit-out-of-a-hat change. The 
man's percussion abilities are phe-
nomenal. His style is relatively 
simple. yet gains complexity from 
Soundgarden 's musical forum. Any 
monkey can replicate Nirvana's 
straight-ahead drum bashing, but 
Cameron's performance was a tes-
tament to musicianship. 

As was Kim Thahill's. He just 
stood on stage and played guitar. 
replicating the sound and feel of 
each song. Shepherd actually played 
the bass mo t of the set, as opposed 
to the Gun - N' Roses show where 
he abused. rather than played his 
guitar. All factors considered. the 
show was a great alternative bill. A 
violent (yet non-fighting), sweaty 
crowd, loud music, and a fun time 
had by all. Few bands are worth the 
hassle of Tijuana, drunks, and thnt 
American. paranoid fear of the 
Federates. Soundgarden is one of 
them. 

REViEW 

A Case for Marijuana in '1be'Moneytree' 
• Film shows other side 
of the controversy over 
marijuana legalization 
By Art Krawitz 
Staff Writer 

A t long last a ~mall scale film maker provides a product revealing Americ;J's hidden controvefliY over 
marijuana. "The Money tree" presents the is-
sue at a personal level by embodying the 
dispute in the character David, a c1undestine 
cultivator and hero of the film, who is con-
fronted continua lly with opposition to his 
career decil>ion. 

Ian and Chris Dienstag decided back in 
1977 at a hash-enhanced wedding in Tangiers 
that they would create a movie together. TIle 
father and son team both share a dislike for 
current anti-marijuana laws and anti-drug pro-
paganda. so tht:y wanted their film to address 
those i ues; and so "The Money tree" was 
conceived in 1987 as a geneml tory idea in 
Chri . mind. Chris financed themoviewithan 
inheritance from hi grandparents coupled 
with his father'sand hi life avings-amount-
ing to a mere $300,000 - a tiny budget by 
film industry standards. 

Chris claim that in making this "civil 
right comedy," Black Sheep Film is acting 
patriotically by showing the real people be-
hind all of the drug-paranoid hype. David. the 
farmer played by Chri ,finds peace and har-
mony working his fann, and he sees no hann 

RtNIPIng wh.t he MWS Chris Dienstag, producer and actor in "The Moneytree," 
in marijuana. "Did you ever ee anyone lying 
in the gUller with ajoint in his handT he asks 
in the film. 

David carrie with him the tmditional vir-
tues of concern for family, community and 
environment, but he lack the desire to sell his 
life in an office for a paycheck, contmry to his 
girlfriend's endless demands. Most people 
hale their jobs, some don't mind them. David 
loves hi job. David is an admirable role-
model toner for the reported twenty million-
plus marijuana makers in America. chal-
lenging the Goliath of society while remain-

ing a positive human being. 
Black Sheep Films. a company startM by 

the Dienstags, has achieved incredible results 
with ''The Money tree, »considering the unique 
manner in which much of the film was made. 
TIle dialogue in the film was largely impro-
vised, although it is so witty and complex that 
many viewers are surprised at the lack of a 
specific script. The acting was done mostly 
by novice actors, including Chris, yet it has 
been praised widely in some film circles. 

The crew on the film, including the 
Dienstags, knew little about filmmaking at 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
WHAT: The Moneytree' 
WHEN: May 8-12 
WHERE: Ken Theater 

the outset - their technical progress shows 
up on screen. "It gets better near the end." 
Chris said in a recent interview. He also 
wheeled and denied to secure his crew, prom-
ising many of them full payment after the 
film's release. 

Because of the different manner in which 
this film was created. not to mention its fiery 
subject mauer, there were munnurings that it 
wouldn't hold up once completed. Many re-
viewers. however. have been surprised with 
the high overall quality in this "home-grown" 
film. Certainly it is possible to divorce the 
film's theme from its quality as a product. but 
Chris said that the film was conceived with a 
message, and the message is what he hopes 
people will come out of it with. 'The message 
of the film is nor rammed down the viewer's 
throat, it is only brought up as a well-drafted 
question: Should marijuana be illegal? 

Thursday, April 30, 1992 

Great Movie Metits 
Larger Audience 
• 'Howards End' has a strong cast of complex 
characters and an interesting storyline 
By TedSunoo 
Staff Writer 

O ccasionally, the il-ver screen offers us that special film which is praised ef-fu ively by a smal\ 
circle of critics and moviegoers. Yet 
these films are conmlonly ignored 
by the geneml public due to the 
absence of car chases. gmtuitou 
violence or gr.lphic sex. 

" Howard End" will probably 
be forgotten at the box office as the 
vast majority of moviegoers today 
have not even heard of the film. The 
only response I have is this - see 
"Howards End." 

See it because it is presented by 
the same trio who gave us the mag-
nificent "A Room With a View;" 
see it for the extraordinarily gifted 
actors involved; lastly and simply 
said, see "Howard End" because it 
is truly great filmmaking. 

As with "A Room With a View," 
the collaboration of producer Ismail 
Merchant,director James Ivory, and 
screenwriter Ruth Prawer Jhabvala 
has successfully adapted an E.M. 
Forster novel into an absorbing. 
beautiful film with strong. complex 
characters. Direclorlvory' strength 
comes from his patience in allowing 
lhe storyline and especially the char-

acters to develop. Rathenhan a typi-
cal character introduction and de-
velopment given within the first ten 
minutes of the IllOvie. each charac-
ter in "Howards End" is allowed to 
deliber.ltely and subtly reveal hi or 
her own unique qualities and soul. 

However, strong chamcters with-
out capable actors perfonning usu-
allyleadtohollowresults. "Howards 
End," with its highly respected cast, 
has no ~uch problems. Particularly 
noteworthy were the perfomlances 
of Emma Thomp on. Anthony 
Hopkins and Helena Bonham Carter. 

"Howards End" begins at a lei-
surely pace, focusing on the recent 
friend hip between the aris tocrat 
Ruth Wilcox (Vanessa Redgrave) 
and friendly. loquaciou Margaret 
Schlegel (Thompson). Ruth is an 
uncommon woman who scribble a 
note on her death bed bequeathing 
herestate, Howards End, to Schlegel. 

Allofa udden.you'll find your-
self completely absorbed by the 
movie's unfolding. 

Hopkins, as Ruth Wilcox 's hus-
band, gives us a compelling look at 
a snobbish businessman trying to 
appear proper. yet readily display-
ing a streak of evil. 

But the focus of the movie be-
long - to Thompson as Margaret and 

See END, Page H4 

AIM FOR 
SUCCESS 
.Af1dhiwi mig.g'·1 
PREP CLASS START DATES: 

GRE: APRIL 27 
LSAT: MAY 4 
GMAT: MAY 11 
MCAT: JULY 6 

(619)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

The UCSD Guardian 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
The Beastie Boys 
have ju t r leased 
their long-awaited 
third album, Check 
Your Head. The 
album incorporate a 
variety of style from 
heavy rhythm power 
to whispered crooning 
and i aid to be the 
fust album of the 
decade to create both 
a mellow tate of 
chaos and a weird 
science. So, use your 
head and check it out. 

HiATUSH3 

FRIDAY: For all you Van HaIen fans. the hard-rock band will 
be perfonning at the San Diego Sports Arena. The show starts at 8 
p.m. and. yes, there are tickets left. Baby AnImals will open the 
show. 

THROUGHSUNDAY: "Rock-ItToTheStars"balaser 
show which will include hits by zz"Top and Van HaIen. TIle show 
will be featured at the Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater. Tickets are $6 
for adults. $4.50 for seniors and $3.50 for juniors (ages 5- 15), For 
more infonnation call 685-5743. Also featured at the Laserium is 
"Last:r Rush" which includes new and classic Ru ... ongs. 

Paul Esswood and Jurgen Hubscher will be presenting Orpheus 
WIth His Lute at the Athenaeum. 1008 Wall Street. L1 Jolla. 
Esswood and Hubscher will perfom1 in a progr.lI11 of poignant and 
playful English songs. Tickeh will be $12. For more infonllation 
call 454-5872. 

MONDAY: Lool..ing for a way t help relieve theAID crisi~'! 
ome out and enjoy an evening offabulous entcrtainmcnt. snmpl ing 

some fthe best of an Diego' s jXrfol1l1ing arts. Together Again ••• 
for The First Time. i~ a henefit performance for local AIDS 
organization~. Tht: shuw will bt:gin at S p.m. at the Civic Thealer 
Downtown. Ticket_ for the pt:rfolmance are 15. $25. and $35. For 
more infonmlti n call 236-6510. 

TUESDAY: Eric Br mberger will lecture on the lili: and mu~ic 
of Ludwig Van Beethoven at the Athenaeum Mu~ic and All', 
Library in La Jolla. Focusing primarily on Beethoven's mu~ic.the 
discu~sions will also cover hil> growth as man and ani~t. Tickt:" will 
be $10 for member~ and $ 12 for non-members. For more infonn:l-
tion call 454-5872. 

WEDNESDAY: Filmed in Ciudad Juarez-EI Paso, the lilm 
EspaId_ Mojadas will be shown at the Museum of Contempo-
rary Art. San Diego. TIle movie eX:lmines social and economic 
conditions of Mexicans. Americans and the Chicano community 
that liveatthe border. The film is shown in Spanish without ,ubtitle, 
and begins at 7:30 p.m. For more infonnation call 454-3541 . 

"Dancers Of Astonishing Talent and Ingenuity" 

MAY IS 
FRIDAY 
8PM 
MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

.'., 

UCSD BOX OFFICE 
534-6467 

~~ .. - . 
- ... ~.=~~.::::..--

-The New Yorker 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT .... ~~.~.!:.!"IX. 



H4 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Th;arsday, April 30, 1992 

• I ALB U M REV EWS END ContInued from pace H3 
Bonham Caner, who play 
Margaret 's impassioned sister 
Helen. 

Arrested 
Development 
3 Years, 5 Months 
and 2 Days in the 
Life of .. 

( hrysalis) "The re are seven ac-
knowledged wonder.; of the w rid. 
you are now about to meet the 
eighth ... Space ain't man 's final 
frontier, man 's final frontier i the 
soul." Or so says Speech, Headline. 
Aerie Taree. Montsho Eshe. Tasa 
Don, Baba Oje - the Arre 'ted De-
velopment (AD) family . This 
group ison theserious pro-black tip. 
oozing positivity and good will to-
wards all on every track. 

Speech is the incredible lyricist 

and Headliner is the skilled DJ -
both are frames for the huge AD 
sound. The rest of the frame are 
upplied by the ladies in the group. 

The production i!. perfection. the 
songwriting amazing. and the mix 
of live musicians and sample is 
deftly executed. 3 Years ... i the 
best album to be relea.\Cd in 1992 
and has the strength to remain so for 
the remainder of the year. Few al-
bums catch my attention like this 
one. 

peech and crew are pro-black 
dreads from middle America. It' s 
hip and does hop, but isn't straight 
up hip-h p. Arrested Development 
come more from the Jungle Broth-
ers/De La ul(fribe Called Quest 
new school than, ay. the NW A or 
gangsta school. 

In fact. Speech pokes fun a! broth-
ers who "drink the 40 ounce" and 
"take the nigga route" in "People 
Everyday" (now guess the sample 
used in the song). You won't see 
this group sagging their Dickies, 
drinking 8-Ball out the 40 boule, or 

AS"CSD a UEO PRESENTS 

in Raiders or Kings caps. Devoted 
to the Red, the Black and the Green, 
and god, AD has a seriou nes , 
urgency, and quality that propels 
them into a status of its own. 

-Joseph Garcia 

Dance Raja 
Dance: The South 
Indian Film Music 
of Vijaya Anand 

(Luka Bop,ISire) This album is a 
coUectionofcontemporarysoundlrack 

WIN FANTASTIC 
PRIZES!!! 

MAY 15: sign up in P.E. offices 
* 4 vs 4 SAND V-BALL AS SEEN IN PRO-AM 

TOUR. BOTH CO-ED OR MEN'S DIVISIONS AVAILABLE. $5 per 
team. Only 8 teams will be taken per division, so sign up fast! 

MAY 16: : sign up at Canyonview 
* OUTDOOR 5 vs 5 B-BALL 
* INDOOR 6 vs 6 SOCCER 

* SLAM DUNK CONTEST ON 9 ft RIMS! 

Sign ups will start on May 4. 

gems from the .• Asia Oassic .. series 
from David Byrne' Luka Bop label. 
It is an album like this where one can 
appreciruethe vocal sound and melody 
of a song without worrying about 
what the singer is saying - there is no 
Englishspoken on the album. 

Thoughalyric 'heetisincluded-
in English - it is absolutely impos-
ible to follow along with the eerie, yet 

beautiful, inging. Thi letstheListener 
really hear the vocal quality that is 
often obscured by being able to under-
stand the singer. 

1lle mu ic i programmed and se-
quenced South Asian (more pecifi-
cally Indian) pop drivel. Some of the 
vocal are so intense that. on the CD 
formal, the limitations of the source 
tape are a~ evident as the strength of 
the inger' voice. 

If you're into the world music scene. 
or just have an open mind for some-
thing new and different, really differ-
ent, Dance Raja Dance ... i for you. 

If you laugh at differences in cul-
tures, then you'd better stay away. 

-.Joseph Garcia 

Thompson pos e se the 
mov ie' main role, and the a -
tre follows her terrific per-
formance in "Dead Again" 
with yet another rnemomble 
offering; Bonham Caner de-
lights in playing an emotional 
Helen who battles with 
Hopkin . 

This film. whose look is 
similar to "A Room With a 
View" in term of period set-
ting and ostume design. is 
fresh and original in every other 
way from beautiful cinema-
togmphy to its multi-themed 
storyline concerning class 
separation, the struggle of 
women in late 19th Century 
England, the sense of home, 
and, of course. love. 

"Howards End" should, if 
the Academy has any clue 
whatsoever, score big corne 
Oscar time. 

Cedars-Sinai Medical Center is a major leaching facility for the UCLA 
School of Medicine. We're currently seeking Sr. Lab Research Techs 
for a Regular Full Time position and a Temporary position. 
The s~lecte~ cand.idates will possess ,a BS or ~ (Biology) with lab 
expenence l~cIuding a backg:ound In p,lasnud DNA propagation, 

D~A extractIon, electrophoresIS, sequenang and probe preparation. 
Prior management and hands-on experience with automated DNA 
synthes~er ?r se9uencer are highlv des~bl~.-Must ~sess excellent 
commumcatJon, mterpersonal ana orgaruza. bonal skills to effectively 
manage the day to day functions of tne molecular biology lab, 

~ a progr,essive health care leader, we can offer you a comprehen-
sIve .beneflts package and a competitive salary. For confidential 
conSIdera tion, please call for an application or send resume to: 
Noreen Brown, 8700 Btverly Blvd., 8rown Building, Los Angeles, 
CA 90048. (310) 855-5504. (AA/EOE) 

@® CEDARS-SINAI 
MEDICAL CENTER 

----------------------------


