
INSIDE ••• 
. 

OPINION 

MoreHoops 
The t'utuft! of the 

embdtled TOs may be 
sean once apin. The 
1a&est debare concerning the 
morality of the serving of 
alcohol al the events has 
rached a point of raoIu-
tion with the m:ommenda-
tiona handed down by the 
A1cohoI and Substance 
Abuse Committee last 
week. While the conunit-
tees' recommendations do 
establish yet another hoop 
for the studenls 10 jump 
through. they 1ft. neverthe-
less, a reUOIIIbIe solution 
for preservioa T05 with 

becr/~ 4 

As we JI'OW older and 
wiser, 10 do the people who 
mike the music we Ii ... 
to. Maybe you don °1 listen 
to f.n&Iand0 ,... BIb, 
but they've grown up. bit. 
too. Today. HitIIu.s finds out 
how/PAella. 

SPORTS 

The UCSD meats 
baskelbaillellllllllkes ita 
dIird consecutive NCAA 
Division m playoff appear-
anoe II' &Ilea OD the 
Kmpnea ~ Call..uthean 
s.ntay. The pme wU1 
n.t the third lime the 
TriroaI have,..,.. a.u 
. / u. 

Monique Bugarin, A.S. commissioner of academic affairs, and SAAC intern Aisling 
Carroll talking at the A.S.jSAAC retreat at the Scripps Martin Johnson House. 

• Necessity of A.S.-funded 
retteathad been questioned 
at A.S. meetings 
By JoaMe Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

Amid recent friction between the 
Associated Students and the Student 
Affinnative Action Committee, a retreat 
was held Feb. 29 at the Scripps Manin 
Johnson House to improve communica-
tion and respect between the two organi-
zations. 

Under the fonnat of a dialogue, the 
retreat covered four hours of workshops 
in hopes of helping members communi-
cate about problems in the past. 

"loe level of insensitivity of the 
people and the tensions in the past be-

tween the A.S. and SAAC is one of the 
reasons why we had this retreat," said 
co-organizer Jennie Craig. "We had 
promi ed SAAC a forum in whi h to get 
these feeling out." 

The need for a retreat was addressed 
last quarter when SAAC members con-
tested the way the A.S. handled the ap-
pointmentofSAAC intern VictorNieblas 
to the Campus Registration Fee Com-
mittee. Some A.S. members felt his ap-
pointment would have been a conflict of 
interest with his involvement in SAAC 
because the registration committee fund 
SAAC. 

SAAC members said they felt the 
is ue was more personal and was not 
handled professionally. Tensions have 

See RETREAT, Page 9 

Attomeys Try to Unk 
Stolen Jewelry to Prince 
• Father, friend of 
third murder victim 
give tearful testimony 
By JaIon SneI 
Senior Staff Writer 

Prince "definitely" appeared to be 
the ring he gave his daughter on 
her 16th birthday. 

Student Raped 
In On-campus 
Apartment 
• Woman report previou attack by 
same unknown u pect earlier this quarter 
By Mary Betty Heard 
News Editor 

Late Tuesday aftem n, an 18- ear-old female ~tudel1t 
and resident of the Warren Apartments reported to UCSD 
police that he had been mped fora second time by the same 
person. 

According to a UC Police Department Community Alert 
Bulletin, the victim said that an unkn wn su~pect entered 
her unlocked apartment Tuesday, where she was alone, and 
raped her. 

In addition, the bulletin stated that the victim repOl1ed 
that th suspect had abo entered her apartment 011 Jan. X. 
raped her, and then left. 

The victim's name ha~ been withheld by police. 
According to the bulletin. the loU\pect i)' a white adu lt 

male, about 21 years old, ::.tanding 6-2 and weighing ap-
proximately 200 pound~. The loU~pect has ~hort brown hair 
and light brown eye~ and was wearing a whi te T-~hirt \ ith 
black lettering, bla k ~horts and white tennis sh s. lie wa), 
said to be .mying a folding knife with a three- to four-inch 
blade. 

According to UCSD Police Officer Douglas O·Dell. the 
first incident occurred some time in the aftem n of Jan. X. 

See RAPE, Page 9 

UCB Approves 
New Charter 
By Francisco DeVries 
Staff Writer 

The University Center Board (UCB) pa~sed a new 
charter 011 Monday night that could drastically change the 
way in which it conducts it!> affairs, but this latest move has 
met with resistance from both members of the board and the 
administration. 

The new charter would, among other things. give the 
UCB complete power to allocate Price Center and Student 
Center space and control the hiring and firingofthe board's 
director. Whereas the current charter specifically 1TI4Ikes 
the board "advisory" to the vice chancellor of a ademic 

See UCB, Page 10 

WRC, Campus 
Celebrate 
Women's Week 
By Stephanie Danford 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's celebration of Intema-
tional Women's Week culminates 
tonight with "Take Back the Night," 
a march expected to draw students, 
~taff and faculty members. Emotional testimony from the 

father and a close friend of 
Clairemont murder victim Holly 
Tarrmarted the sevenlhday of the 
hearing that will determine if 
QeophusPrince,Jr, will stand trial 
for the six murders and 26 other 
felonies he is accused of commit-
ting. 

Tarr's ring, with diamond on 
either side and an opal in the cen-
ter, was one of only 31 shipped to 
Michigan and Indiana in 1987, 
according to William Sherman, 
the president of the jewelry store 
where Paul Tarr bought the ring. 
Sherman testified yesterday that 
the ring, made by the Famous 
Jewelers manufacturing company 
of New Yot1c. was only sold to his 
jewelry store chain. 

L8YIlMllGuwOlafl 
Cleophus Prince and his attorney, 
Barton Sheela III. 

The march, which will be held at 
7 p.m., is part of a series of activities 
organ ized by the Women's Resource 
Center (WRC) as part of the week-
long commemoration preceding In-
temationai Women's Day, Mar. 8. 
It also coincides with Women , His-
tory Week. 

Among his alleged victims is 
Wanen College senior Janene 
Marie Weinhold. 21. 

Fightins back tean and paus-
ing repeaacdly to compose him-
self, PIU1 Tarr,Jr .• the father of Ihe 
third vk:tim.1eStified ycsICIday that 
a ring reIrieved by police from 

However, on cross-examina-
tion, Shennan admitted thai the 
ring was also identical to 18 rings 
shipped to his company by Fa-
mous Jewelers in 1986, He also 
admitted that he had no knowl-
edge of whether or DOl those 1986 
rinp WCR also shipped to other 

jewelry stores. 
Tammy Ho, a friend of Holly 

Tarrwho lived with Tarr's family, 
was with Holly in San Diego vis-
iting Tarr's brother, Richard, on 
April 3, 1990, the day she was 
murdered. Ho testified yesterday 
that on the moming of April3,she 
and Tarr played temis at approxi-

See PRINCE, Page 6 

According to WRC volunteer 
Jamy Stillman, the goals of the 
events are to educate people about 
women's issues and to celebrate 
womanhood. 

Tlle main objective of the week, 
though, is to gain backing for the 
establishment of an administmtion-

See WOMEN, Page 7 



1 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
UCLA Professor Midis to Fraud, 
Ernt+zzltC$17M11onOwr11 VeIn 

LOS ANGELES - A UCLA professor of electrical 
engineering pleaded guilty last week to embezzlement and 
fraud charges after taking $1.7 million from research 
grant as pan of an II-year scam. 

Cavour Yeh, 55. admined in federalcoun to stealing !he 
money by overstating actual costs and expenses when 
receiving federal. state and private contracts and granl~. 

Yeh faces a prison sentence of up to IWO years wilhoul 
Ihe possibililY of parole as part of a six-count plea bargain, 
according 10 Assistanl U.S. Auomey Nathan Hochman. 
Yeh will have 10 pay back the siolen money plus imere tlO 
UCLA, the tale of California and the U.S. government, 
Hochman said. 

Under the plea agreement, Yeh will also resign from 
UCLA. surrendering his tenured position. In exchange, 
proseculon; will drop the remaining 17 felony counlS. 

A federal grand jury indicted Yeh last Augu!.t for 
pUlling hi brother and si Icrs on the UCLA research 
projects payroll for which they did nol work. They secrelly 
gave the money back to him. 

In the elaborate scam. Yeh created a fake company. 
Emlec. Engineering Inc., 10 sell equiprnenllo UCLA and 
Ihe federal governmenl al highly inflated price . 

Yeh, a specialist in fiber-optic communications, or-
dered high-tech computerequiprnent for UCLA and for his 
governmenl research from his own company. overbilling 
Ihem for the products. 

Yehreceivedabout $1 .7 million in grants between 1980 
and 1989. Some of !he funding sources were !he U.S. 
Army. the National Science Foundation and the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency. 
Sexual Harassment Charges Filed 
Against La Jolla Country Day School 

DA VIS - Afler allegedly enduring monlhs of being 
leered al. touched inappropriately and sexually proposi-
tioned, UC Davis sludenl Lisa Gordon has filed a sexual 
haras.\ment lawsuit againsl her former employer. La Jolla 

'I1Ic UCSD GaardiIa 

Country Day School (UCD). 
Gordon said she worbdl5.~.theschool from 

Oct., 1990 to June, 1991. During thlilime. she a1Jeaam. she 
endured various degrees of seAuaI huaument III the hands of 
John C. Littleford. the scbool's headmasIer. 

According to Gordon. Littleford called her into his office at 
work in December of 1990 and lOkI her !hal he wanted to have 
sex with her. After declining the proposition. she infonned her 
immediate supervisor, who talked to Littleford. 

Gordon iaid the IaIk had little iJlll*:l and Littleford per-
sisted in leering at her. touching her and calling her on the 
interoffice phone lines. 

Aftcrcompluiningasccondtimctobersupcrvisor.Gordon 
said Littleford began criticizing her work and appearance. 
Eventually she decided to leave the San Diego-area junior 
collegesheattendcdandtransfertoUCD.panlybecaaseofthe 
treatment she received at work, she said. 

On her last day of work, Gordon informed the school's 
board of trustees of Liuleford's behavior. and the board 
engaged legal counsel. 

Linleford refused to talk to the press. but denied the 
allegalions in a leller senllo parents ofUCD sludents. 

Depositions on !he case have 001 been taken, and no trial 
dale has been set 
UClA Flaternltles Must Put the Freeze 
On BIkini Contests, Mud Wrestling 

LOS ANGELES - UCLA fraternities will not sponsor 
any rush activities deemed "sexist, " such as bikini contests. 
trippers or mud wrestling. according 10 a recent decision by 

Ihe UCLA Interfraternity Council (IFC). 
The IFC voccd to ban these events because it wants to 

improve the image of fraternities. show sensitivity toward 
women' issues and safeguard against potential disciplinary 
measures. according 10 IFC President Dan La France. 

While these events are not widespR*1 among the fraremi-
ties. 1arge nwnbersofmen fiockto houses that do fCIItUrebikini 
contests and related events. fraternity members said. 

La France, on the other hand. said that the events were 
ineffeclive in attracting fraternity brothers. 

Some fratemilY members asserted that the ban was an 
infringement on their rights. "If cenain fraternities want to 
have uch events. that should be their privilege," said Sigma 
Nu member Jim Jarobson. 

However, Kathy Rose-Mockry, director of the UCLA 
Women's Resource Center, which oversaw the writing of the 
proposal. said. "II's imponantlOlake a stand [aguinst 1 ponmying 
women in a derogatory manner." 

"It's about lime we II)' to become more pro-active in this 
potential problem." said proposal author James Sun. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Friday, 
5aurday, and Sunday in San 
Diego Cou1ty: 

Source: Wibwr 5nogehara. NabonaI Weall'el Semoe 
Mel Marcelo/Guard,,, 

.., 
(Feet) 
Friday: 4-6 
Sat/Sun: 3-5 

Surfing Conditions: 
GOOD 

• 

Average temperatures for "'/air are: 57 /62 

n...day, MardI 5, 1992 

'FNlbornFlve,' Anested In UCDavls 
Fee Protest, Enter Not GuIlty Plea 

DAVIS - AppIOAimlltely 30 UC Davis studenIs filled 
a Yolo County Municipal Cowtroom Feb. 19toshow their 
support II the arraiJnlDCllt of the five studcnls lIfTCsted in 
dleSan. 17 SlUdenttlkeoverofFreebom Hall onlhe UCD 
campus in protest of rising student fees. 

The five pleaded not gUilty to charges brought aguin.'it 
them when Ihcy. along wilh hundreds of students, stonncd 
die building. 

ComplIed bJ DavId Snow, swr WrfW 
WedneId8y, Feb. 26: 
12:35 a.m.: A student reported the theft of an'86 
Nissan from lot 504. Loss: $6,500. 
ThundIJ, Feb. 27: 
7 p.m.: A male ~ffillate reported that he was 
battered by four unknown males at Revelle. 
SIIbInIIIJ, Feb. 29: 
12:20 a.m.: A 2~-oId male noll-affiliate was 
arrested for drivir« under the influence of alcohol 
on Old Miramar Road. 
......,,_.1.: 
3:45 a.m.: A female student reported that an 
unknown suspect entered her bedroom at the 
Pepper Canyon apartments where she was sleep-
ire. then closed the door and fleet 
......,,_.2: . 
11:30 a.m.: A staff member reported receivir« 
counterfeit bills at the Old Triton Pub. 
11:02 p.m.: A 1~8r~1d male non-affiliate was 
arrested in lot 102 for burglary of a student's 
vehicle at UTC. 
T...-"M •. 3: 
5:45 p.m.: All 18-year-01d female student reported 
bei~ raped at an onaunpus location. (See story, 
page 1) 
During the time period Feb. 26-Mar.3, six bicycles 
were reported stolen for a total Joss of $1,590. 

GuXknIAN 
JASON SNELL, EIIIDt h ChIllI 
PEIER KO! ....... EdIIDt 
lEN BOYCHUK, ~ &It« 
JAMES COIl ER, ,..." Edb 
LYMI FRANEY, Copy EdrDr 
IENIfY GALANG, 4Ia: .... """" &It« 
JOSEPH GARCIA, ,."",. &It« 
MARY BETTY HEARD, __ EIIIDt 
CHERYL HOCIIMN, A.oc'." QIpy &It« 
SlE MAPES, A ...... PItoID &IIrJr 
.... MARCELO, " ..... &liar 
OM MCDOWELL, I'IrIIIo &It« 
KEN PERLMAN, ... &liar a_, •• ER DECEit AIIOCIIN SparDEdtDt 
BRETT RHYNE, _.Itt &IfIIr 
ANGELA ROVA, Amdn _,.. &IfIIr 
ERIC 5a1MlDT, 4_' .... __ &It« 
IHERYL WOLCOTT,._ ' •• __ &liar 
WI.EEN WON&, AI ...... """,. &IfIIr 
GREDG WRENN, AMI, ....... &IfIIr 

1IIt1aD..-.IIIMNI ........ ""-' ..... _ ........... 
' .... .,UCID. ___ .... _ ....... _._ ... ,. __ 
..... _ "1112 ..... _ IIIttaD ...... --.-.... _ .. 
-_ .•. ""---............ -._ .... 
--,_ .. _III .. IaD_ .. ~III~ ... _ 
-..1IIt1aD"-' • ..., ....... ~I ... '., ...... fID._L 
..... .,..... ........ __ U4M11. "-= ... 782-
UCSD GuanIIn, 9100 GIImIn DrI¥e 0316, 

La ....... CA 92Q93.0316 
---_: __ ._---....". 

• 

• 

Thunday, March S, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Phi Alpha Delta Hosts 
AffinnativeAction Debate watson Interviews for SJSU Presidency 
.,1(.-. .... 
SUI" Writer 

Panelists in Tuesday nighl's affirmative action forum emphasized the 
problem of racism in the U.S. and tried IOdetenninethe best way to address 
it Delving into the nation·s history of discrimination. members of the 
forum offenld their opinions as to whether affinnative action policies help 
or hinder the movement toward a "color-blind" society. 

The forum wasMJOl1SOfed by UCSD's Phi Alpha Delta pre-law organi· 
zation and was modenued by UCSD History Professor Michael Parrish. 

One of the four speakers was Rosalind Winstead. a marketing. 
intergovernmental and public relations consultant for Winstead & Co. She 
said that. as an African-American woman who grew up in Louisville. 
Kentucky, she had felt the segregation of the 19505. 

She told the audience !hal when she graduated from college, she was 
hiredal a radio station inordertosatisfy a racial quota. "I am indeed a living, 
breathing example of affirmative action," Winstead said. 

After remaOOng on what she called the "disgraceful treatment" of 
minorities in U.S. history, she said, " It is incredibly important, in my view, 
that these programs . .. exist and ... continue 10 exist. And the sad news is 
that we live in a society !hal is flawed. We have a substantial amount of 
problems. Racism is one of those." 

Richard Freeman is an altomey who specializes in litigation. labor and 
employment matters. exclusively on behalf of management. His focus 
Tuesday was directed toward the business aspect of affirmative aclion. 

Specifically, he said he was opposed to the affirmative action programs 
!hat require businesses to sign contracts and follow regulations that create 
"burdens and impositions" on the small businesses that wish to work for the 
government. 

"Affirmative action programs are based on Slatistics. One thing that trial 
lawyers like to say is that you can prove anything with statistics. You start 
off with an imperfect system." Freeman said. 

He also said that there are immigrants in the work force who are counted 
in the minority dernographics.11lerefore. affirmative action is not based on 
"people who are historically discriminated against." Freeman also said that 
the government issues conflicting orders for businesses. saying 10 both hire 
on the basis of qualifications and to fill specific quotas. 

Director of Special Services at UCSD Nick Aguilar oversees the 
affirmative action program. as well as drafling and editing the campus 
affirmative action plan. "I don 'tthink anybody wants [affirmative actionJ ," 
he said "In an ideal world. we shouldn't have il, bullhe fact is that we don't 
live in an ideal world." 

See DEBATE, page 8 

to file 

Filing deadlines for A.S. elections: 
March 4 - 13 * 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 

By ErIc ScIimIdt 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Af-
fairs Joseph Watson left his Monday interviews for 
the position of president of San Jose State Univer-
iry (SJSU) after receiving mixed reactjons from 

student groups. 
Watson is competing against sill other candi· 

dates for !he position of president which was va-
cated in September. The candidates, who were 
chosen from an applicant pool of over 100, will be 
narrowed down to three candjdates by Mar. 17. 

Although he was praised by SJSU Student Union 
Board of Directors Chair Blair Whilney as having 
good answers to many questions, Watson was also 
chastised by gay and lesbian groups for alleged anti-
gay remarks. 

"Dr. Watson showed thai he has a bias not ju t 
against [gays and lesbians], but against anyone 
without children." said Mike Kemmerrer, co-pres i-
dent of the SJSU Gay and Lesbian Student Alliance. 

TIle remark Kemmerrer referred to was a re-
sponse to a question conceming benefits for the 
families of SJSU employee . Watson said such 
benefits are primarily to "take care of children. That 
should be the priority in awarding benefits 10 work-
ers." 

Watson also said that the university 's Reserve 
Officer Training Corp (ROTC) should be allowed 
to continue despite the fact it doe n'l allow gay or 
lesbians to participate. further agitating SJSU 's gay 
and lesbian population. 

Whitney, however. argued Ihat the views and 
concems of one group were being taken too much 
intoconsideralion. "100 single issue [of the ROTC) 
just can't dominate the forum," he said. 

SJSU Assistant Vice President for Student Af-
fairs Samuel Henry agreed, characlerizing the at-
tacks on Watson as "character assassinalion." 

'''The question isn't whether [the presidenlial 
candidales] are qualified, it"s what they bring to our 
campus." Henry added. 

pick up filing packets from 
Anna in A.S. offices, 

March 30 

3rd floor, Price Center 

* Last day to file: 
packets due by 4:00 pm 
to Anna, A.S. Offices 

* Candidates meeting 
5 :00 - 6:00 pm, 
S.F./Santa Cruz Room, 
2nd floor, Price Center 

* Campaigning begins 
8:00 m 

According to Henry, the focus on the single issue 
down played the importance of olher issue ,particu-
larly those related to minorilies. "As far as I know. 
[Watson I would be Ihe only black president ever at 
San Jose Slate University,'· he said. 

Whitney praised Watson's answers to queslions 
about alhlelics and fee increases. Whitney said. "We 
asked aboul athletic programs, if they have a place. 
Watson said, '1l1e way the world is, athletics have a 
place. But I'm nOI going to short-change academics 
for the athlelic programs.' " 

In Kemmerrer's view, though, "I think you'll 
find [Watson] won'l be one oflhe final candidates. 
atleasl I hope not." 

Chris Oakley, chair of the UCSD Lesbian, Gay 
and BisellUal Facuhy and Staff Association. said she 
had heard of no anti-gay remarks made by Watson 
as vice chancellor at UCSD. 

Watson spent Monday meeting wilh siudents . 
alumni, faculty, administralors and community mem-
bers at SJSU. Between the numerous meetings, he 
toured the campus. according 10 Lorrie Siahl of lhe 
SJSU Public Affairs Office. 

Stahl said, "In perspective, [the gay-lesbian is-
sue) was a small part of what he did that day." 

FACfORY OUTLET 
CL011DNG SALE" 

NEW SELECTIONS 
& SPECIALS 

WEEKLY 

r----------, I COUPON I 
I I 00/. DISCOUNT I 
I 7C &p. 3/15/92 I L __________ -.1 
NAME IUNDS ON SALE 

• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT • TWEEDS 
• lIietMt4'4 Seuet 

• LINE-UP 
• GENERRA COLLECTION 
• S~te,.et CATALOG 
& OTHERS WE CAN'T ADVERTISE 

ONN TO THI PUlue 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
EdilOrial8oord 

JASON SNELL. Edilor in Chief 
PETER KO. Managing Editor 
MARY BElTY HEARD. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

TIN UCSOCUJrd'(MI~ publu.hedtvr.lCea Wl!dIIi the U"''''eBtl), ore.hronna.S.,. DIc,o Conil!nl-' e lYl}:t 
Vte .. ,c\PfC:"lCd h<K'" rtpn:.w:nc the: majOnly "Ok oI.hc~ttonaI boM'd.and It'( 001 no.:n...."ly Ihoacollhc 
UC _ ofRt_ .... ASUCSD. _ lilt ... "" C __ ...rr. 

THE FATE OF THE TGs 

More Administrative Hoops 
The latest debate over the future of the TG may have been 

resolved at last by the recommendations made by the Alcohol and 
Substance Abuse Committee last week. 

The commillee proposed that TGs with beer should be permiued 
at the Price Center, provided that the A.S. promotes alcohol abuse 
education by distributing pamphlets and displaying slogans at the 
TGs which advocate responsible drinking. The A.S. council mu~t 
al 0 attend an alcohol education course and provide peakers to 
address alcohol abuse. The recommendation await the approval of 
Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Wat "on . 

The commillee's recommendation are admirable - certainly, 
alcohol abuse is a problem which should be addressed by the A.S. 
council. However, the proposal appears to be yet another adminis-
trJti ve hoop that students mu tjump throughju tto hold a wet TG. 
The re ommendations of the c mmittee will not only reate more 
bureaucr..ltic red tape for A.S. programmers. but will drive up the 
COM of the event a~ well. 

Yet. the recommendations must be adopted. As A.S. Commis-
<;ioner of Programming Daniel Bondur-JIlt said, the deci~ion is the 
"Ies~r of two ev ils:' The main concern should be to pre erve the 
trJdition of the TGs. And if that means satisfying the Substance 
Abuse Commillee by a epting its proposal, then so be it. The 
recommendations may be a bothersome hoop to jump through. but 
they' re necessary to resolve the future ofTGs on thi campus. 

Hopefully. this decision will convince both students and the 
adminbtffiti n f the validity of the TGs. When the legality of the 
TGs was lir ·t questioned by the 3dmini trJtion, the A.S. compro-
mised by moving the event to 'the Price Center. 

TIlen.last quaner. Watson challenged the morality of holding a 
university-sponsored event which promoted the consumption of 
ale h I. The Substance Abuse Committee's recommendations have 
settled that is ·ue. So for now, the 15-year tradition of the TGs will 
continue. Unless,ofcourse,theadministffilioncreatesanotherhoop 
for students to jump through. 

SWEAT LODGE UPROAR 

Tear It Down, But Do It Right Next Tme 
TIle recent uproar over the existence of an Indian-style sweat 

lodge behind the Che Cafe is a story about good intentions gone 
horribly wrong. The structure - which is basically a large hole in 
the ground fashioned into a primitive sauna- was built two years 
ago by students who wanted to "create a new ritual tradition at the 
CM and to help create a sense of community." 

Indeed. Students who used the lodge would typically strip down 
naked and spend their time inside chanting and singing songs. 

Needless to say. Native Americans are not happy. To them, the 
use- or. rather, mi use -of the sweat lodge ritual is a lap in the 
face and an insult to their sacred religious traditions. At a meeting last 
week between Che members and representatives of the Native 
American communi ty, this sentiment was made quite clear. Gary 
Whitebear. a memberofthe Sioux Nation in South Dakota, made an 
emotional plea on behalf of his people. "We have one very sacred 
ceremony." he said. "the weatlodge. All of our other ceremonies 
have been taken away from us and duplicated ... give u our sweat 
and let it be ours." 

While Whitehear'sstatement beg thequestionofwhetherornOl 
Native Americans have a monopoly on weat, the underlying 
sentiment is not \OSI. The Native Americans' complaint is com-
pletely valid. For years, they have struggled to restore respect for 
their traditions and land. It has been a long, uphill battle. 

Butcertainly the Native Americans must realize that the tudent 
who built the lodge didso with that respect in mind. And surely there 
is nothing wrong with a group of people endeavoring to understand 
the rites and traditions ofa different culture from their own. Is that 
not the very essence of this latest trend of multiculturalism? 

The Native Americans have asked that the sweat lodge be dis-
marltled. but h<lve also offered to help the students build a new oneon the 
condition that it be done in acCOldance with Indian tradition. ThaI would 

~m to be a fair and reaM>nable solution - one in which bolh sides 
benefit. Rather than wasle precious time arguing over the moral impli-
cations of who built what first and how it should be used, the students 
should comply with the Native Americans' reqUC!>t and take lhem up 00 
their offer. Bener to do it right the second time around. 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, MardI 5,1992 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Who is, the Front-Runner Now? 
• After seven primaries and caucuses, there is still no clear~ut 
leader in the Democratic Party. Super Tuesday will be critical 
IJ RocIedck Lee 
ContributJtW Opinion Writer 

II loobos lhough that I will have wonoM,flnd 
Mr. Tsongas will have won OM, Mr. Kerrey will 
have won Olll!. and where's that fellow from 
Arkansas? 

-5eoator Tom Harkin. following 
the South Dakota primary results 

It used 10 be thai pany nomination cam-
paigns were won in Iowa and confmned in New 
Hampshire. Momen-
tum from the nation's 
first political cau-
cuses and the first 
primary of the 
eJection season 
5pIIbd Ibe fund-
raising dW carried a campaign to the party 
convention. But not lhis year. While our dear 
pesident is seaina himself up for • Republican 
version oflbe disastrous 1980 Caner re-election 
effon.lbe Democraas are faring DO better in 
unitiDa beIIiod a nominee. 

The dynamics of the 1992 campaign promise 
to be di1Jcrent from any 0CheI' recent campaign 
of memory wilh the entrance of Iowa Senalor 
Tom Hartdn to the nICe. Although fonner 
Massacbuseas Senator Paul Tsongas had been 
sturnpina Ihrough Iowa the past year, he and the 
rest of the c::andidales vinually conceded the 
SbIIe to the popular favorile son. Radler than 
fightiDa it out for second, all the candidales, 
including Jiarkin, shifted their focus to New 
Hampsbire. And since New IfampshiJe is 
considetabIy smalJer than Iowa (and tJtemore 
cbeaper to IUD a campaign in), the "also-rans" 
can sIilJ aft'onIto move on. 

Despite these difference, between '92 and 
any 0Iber postwar eIectioo, no one could have 
foreseea dJIIl this campaign, to the present, 
would have been devoid of the aU-impodant 
"momenIum." Although Hadtin is a native SOD. 
his Iowa nwnbers were only expected to be in 
Ibe 6Os.1nsad, he won with close to 80 
pen:ena. yet failed 10 convert this to a sarong 
thinl-p1ace showing in New Hampshire. 

Tsongas won New Hampshire by cighl 
points and received the customary injection of 
support and funding. Even so, his campaign 
was s1Dpped short when former California 

governor Jerry Brown showed that he could 
sucker the neighboring Maine VOlers into a 
virtual tie for first; Tsongas' di5lant founh-place 
showing in South Dakota does little to help the 
New Hampshire victor. 

Meanwhile, the pandering Brown surprised 
everyone by almost immedialely conceding 
South Dakota despite his surprising finish in 
Maine. Add in Nebraska Senator Bob Kerrey' s 
victory in the South Dakora primary to com-

plete the picture. 
So where do the 

Democraas stand now? 
Entering Tuesday's 
contests, Arkansas 
governor Bill Qinton 
leads the pack wilh 90 

delegates. although most of these are Southern 
congressmen and governors. 

Harlein has yet 10 win any contest dW 
counts. Nevertheless, he has the most commit-
led deIeptes, 72, because Iowa is more than 
twice the size of New Hampshire and South 
DIkoca combined. His decent second in South 
DIkoca allows him to continue. and, as the only 
avowed liberal, he could caprure a large 
segmenr of the black vOle in the upcoming 
Southern contests. 

As the Wbite House scrambles to fend off 
Pat Buchanan in Georgia, GOP sttategists can 
at least take solace in the seemin&ly spontane-
ous decision 00 the pan of the Democrats 10 
tear each other to pieces. Kerrey, cocky after his 
ob-sc:Mnigbty 40 percent viccary in South 
Dakota.. set his siJhls on 0inI0n by brin&ing up 
Vietnam. ClliJIon responded in kind by 
aaacking not Kerrey, but Tsongas. The barrage 
of attacks that the 0inI0n campaign unleashed 
rcveaI a media-appointed front-nmner who 
suddenly feels like be is in trouble. 

Entering Tuesday, without a victory to claim 
of his own, "thai fellow from Arkansas" 
WIIched his advantage dwindle in every Slate 
but Georgia. Orisinally thought able to win 
MaJyIand handily, early projections show 
Tsongas wilUling insaaad.1ndecd, as lhis 
column goes 10 press, of the three big states, 
Georgia. Maryland, and Colorado, Clinton 
stands only to win in Georgia, with Colorado 

See PRIMARIES, page 5 

Thunday, MardIS, 1992 

PRIMARIES 
ContInued from ..... 4 
too close to call. 

AnoIher change from four years 
ago is the eliminarion of the winner-
lake-all system in favor of a propor-
tiona! delegate allocation 10 anyone 
who wins atleasr 15 percen!. The 
proJXlf1iona1 system allows the sec-
ondary candidates 10 still pick up 
delegates with strong thinl or fourth-
place showings. Hartin's flagging 
campaign could likely remain in a 
distant third after Tuesday's fmal 
results having staned 50 delegate 
ahead of Kerrey and 64 ahead of 
8rown. A slrong showing, perhaps 
even a win. in liberal Minnesota 
should keep him barely ahead of 
Brown, who stands to do well in the 
Western contests. 

Meanwhile, Kerrey. who only a 
hon week ago claimed he was go-

ingto win Colorado to follow uphis 
do-or-dieSouth Dakota victory. has 
now reversed him elf and says he 
does not expect to do well in any of 
the eight conteMs. He now looks 
forward to Illinois in late March. 

With Super Tue'iday less than a 
week away. the field has narrowed, 
but no one from the second-tier i 
caJling it quit yel. Tsongas may 
likely seize first place after this 
round, but Super Tuesday is 
Clinton's backyard. Kerrey. who 
never met an issue he couldn't con-
nect to health care. however 0b-
liquely, may do well with Southern 
velerans. 

Harkin. last seen campaigning 
with Jesse Jackson in Maryland. 
may do well with the black voters. 
although his dismal Georgia results 
say otherwise. Finally, Brown, who 
has a legitimate claim as the only 
Democr.llic candidate who under-
stands We tern issues, should get a 
boost from Tuesday's Western con-
lests in Colorado, Washington, 
Idaho and Utah. 

The Democrats are fmally taning 
to sort themselves out,aJmost a month 
afterthe Iowa caucuses that signal the 
start of this drawn-out race . . In this 
election of vicious bloodletting 011 
both sides. the Republicans need to 
straighten out their afflUrs before the 
Democrats can. Whichever party can 
unite its fractious coalitions first will 
have the advantage coming out of its 
respective nominating conventions in 
the summer. 

TM f1C{O r.."."..~ yew ~ ... ~ 
en."nwk .... ikGun .. ,.nffi&:o. ( • ..,lIOCQIIIIflaarol* 
s-btCCMlfC*",. lhwe ~ C~ Sww, .... lit...: 

0,l0l00''-
~ 

,.' ...... Dr. IJI. 
"'_CA._.e.t .. 

LdItn ..... t.: .,,ai. ~~ ....... Iftc ... __ 
_ ..... ~ . ........ ~ ..... IIfIe ..... ltuer 
wrikn.iI_ ~_ • ""''I'' ~ WCtCNI"fC Ilk 
..... 1IIl.r.~ .. \: ... ,.. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

A Challenge to Mobilize for a Better Futu re 
• Threats to the university pose a rare opportunity to unite the student body in protest on Friday 
IJEIy ....... 
Contributing Opinion Writer 
8nd a.,. .JohnIon 
Staff Writer 

Everyone knows abouc the fee hike, 
but here are some of the striking facts: 

• Next year's 24 percent increase 
will mean that fees will have grown by 
91 percM/ol'eron/ylhreeyears.1bis 
panicularlyaffect<; tx.h the poor and 
people of color. These disadvantaged 
groups depend on education for 0p-
portunity. 

• State funding of public university 
education will, based on Governor 
Wilson's projections. dry up by the 
year 2<XXl. According to UC Vi e 
President of Finance Larry 
Herschman, this will mean the 
pril'lJti:arioll oftlte UC al1d CSU. 

• Student aid has Il(){ grown in 
proportion to fee increases: all the 
while, percapita student indebtedness 
in California is now higher than the per 
capita nationaJ debt left by the collapse 
of the USSR. High-interest loans are 
replacing grant awards as conven-
tional student aid. 

• The right to higher education is 
being made conditional on economic 
exigencies. Our parents and we our-
selves paid the taxes from which sub-
sidized tuition is drawn. Now it is 
beingdeniedtous.'The social contract 
is being voided. The accessibililY Wld 
quality of educatioo are being ad-
versely impacted. 

While this stark reality isdaunting, 
a movement to fight for the future and 
resist these assaults on our rights is 
congeal ing across the state. At UCSD, 
Direct Action for Edix:ation (OAE) 
and the A.S. are comootting these 
rt1anifestly unfair encroactunents. A 
brood array of tactics and strategies 
JXlIUling protests, building occupa-

tions, petitions, letter writing carn-
paignsandlobbyingisbeingpursued. 

So far. this has been a while, rniddIe 
class movemenr-largely reflective 
of UCSD's ethnically homogeneous 
makeup. Ironically, those hit hanlest 
- students of color and ethnicity -
have yet to be engaged or take initia-
tive. This society's lr.iditionaJ sup-
pression of these groups has effec-
lively disempowered them into si-
lew;e. Previously disparate elements 
of the university community - here 
and nationaIly-must unite to retake 
the future if we are to have one. Now 
more than ever, we see the IIRcessity 
and opportunity for a uilited but di-

1,1/ 

I'erse 1II00·eIl/C/If.to address these and 
other fundamental social i'ii>ues. 

Those who desi re empowemlent. 
whoareconcemed with thei rown;\nd 
society's future must reach illlothem-
selves and the community to build a 
basis for change. The reality that the 
power to imagine and attain solutions 
is localized in those places can no 
longer be obscured. This is also a 
challenge to those within all parts of 
thernovementtoconfrontthemselves 
on issues of diversity and acceptance. 

Everyone,especiallythoseofcolor . 
recognizes education's role in the 
economy. Even this has historically 
been denied to many. But we hope to 
deconstruct this abstraction of educa-
tion. It is more than merely its eco-
nomic projection. 

Further, education is not only the 
essential basis of all opponunity, buta 
paradigm by which racial and ethnic 
di parities, where injurious, may be 
actively leveled. If we ignore these 
facts, we forfeit education's role in 
dernocmcy and culture. For this very 
reason. a processofreformulationhas 
just begun in the university - re-
placementofthetraditional hegemony 
with multiculturalism isessential. Both 
access and content are al issue. 

In a curious way, the precondition 
for this movement is also its objec-
tive: abroodened vision Wld expanded 
consciousness will be indispernalJle 
to the future. We must see the coher-
ence of a united society as well as the 
trickety which undermines this vi-
sion. Fngaging the broad society with 
acohcrent vision will be necessary to 
create a meaningful movement 

The forces of reaction and recidi-

Rogo< KuoIGuarWn 

vism retain fom1a1 power. Wilson, 
who sits on the Board of Rcgcnts, is 
playing politics with the university. 
He is making trJflSIX1rent anempts to 
pit higher education again~t vital hu-
m:m services such a~ Aid to Families 
with Dependent Children, cJ"C<lt ing a 
falseop}Josirio/l. The tactic is tothrcmen 
the middle class, a segment of the 
population with at least some political 
voice and recognition. and f .... une the 
attack such that the only apparent 
recourse is against the ever-silenced 
and disempowered poor. 

In the '90s, WitsollSllvika means 
that the War on Poverty will be re-
placed with a War on the Poor. The 
state's budget crisis, char-JCterizeci as 
simultanOOlllily acute and chronic. is 
neither an accident nor a side effect of 
tax cuts. It was actively created to 
destroy the minimal safety net and 
furtherdividesociety. TaxcUl<; were a 
useful way of defunding f<IVored s0-
cial progmms. 

The real opposition is between in-
vesbTlents in the future - education 
and social services - against social 
divisiveness - egregious tax loop-
holes for the wealthy and a senseless 
policyofexpandingincarcerJtioo.For 
example, the state spend $II,<XX> to 
S14,<XX> in subsidized tuition on each 
UC student per year, but $22,<XX> per 
prisoner per year. What kind of priori-
ties does this reflect? 

Education is preventative of im-
prisorunent; instead. one in five Afri-
can-Americanrnalesmakeiltoprison 
instead of college - and less than 
three percent of undergraduates at 
UCSDare African..American. This is 
nodUng likesocialjustice. The present 

course is for Global Vil/a,t:('-Idilx)". 
The U.S. has the world's highest rJte 
ofincarcerJl ion and the lowest level of 
education in the industrialized world. 
The class division is larger than ever. 

These elitist policies of distribu-
tion and incarceration produce a 
factionalization andadivision of con-
sciousness. This requires and recre-
ates multiplicity in this movemel1l's 
perspectives, objectives and methods. 
This is a tactic employed by the power 
struclure against us, but even inter-
nally it isachallenge wecan 't uivialize. 
Wemustrecognizethatmultiplicityis 
PaIl of our positive identity. lfit were 
not for this. the attock would not be 
specifictomultiplicity- multiplicity 
threatens the S/uIllS 1/110. and it is our 
strength. Unity ClIII be found in diver-
sity. 

111~ old polm'hies are now irrel-
ev:mt . TIle IleW economic real ity U~~ 
rJce as a tool of repression, but this 
indicates that a united opposition is 
necessary. TIle complicity of the ~u­
perpowers in the subjugation of their 
respective populations is now "t an 
end.Inthe '90s. wewillnot haveancw 
New Deal: file Slx-iat COli/rae/will be 
l"el1.,.il/el/ . A~ in the past, the university 
will be a genemtive institution of 
change, questioning society' s funda-
mental assumptions about itself and 
defining a new social discour.se. E~pe­

ciailynow,multiculturJli~maIldfemi­
nism have essential roles in a movc-
lnent forprogressivechal1ge. 

The time forunited:rtioohascome. 
A UC-wide generJI strike has been 
called for Friday. Mar. 6. National 
Education Day,to protest the fee hike 
ruld the privatization of the UC and 
CSU. ltis toadvocateaccessiblequal-
ity education. At UCSD this will be 
observed. in conjW1Ction with Intema-
tionaIWornen'sWeek.witha"Walk-
OutruldTeach-InforEducatiOn."pre-
sented by the Women's Resource 
Center, DAE ruld the A.S. TIle chal-
lenge to education and education's 
role in society will be tlle focus. 1lle 
GSA ha.~ urged all T As to hold Friday 
classes outside or reschedule. A call 
has been sent to faculty requestingthe 
same. Speakers will include students, 
faculty, staff, legislators Wld commu-
nity members. 

Only by sending a strong, unified 
message to the Legislature can we 
combat cuts to the univer.>ity and pre-
ventsimilarhikes inthecomingyear.>. 
Only logether can we change society 
by retaking education. 

Complete your Parking Permit Application 
early in the Parking Office and avoid 
waiting In line. 

,.-- CALIFDRNIA 
, §URF-N-§PDRT 

Applications are being accepted at 
thl. time in the Parking Office, Hours 
7:30 am to 4:30 pm. 

After completing your application, 
payment must be made at the 
Central Cashier Office. 

Permit pick-up will begin on 
March 9, 1992, after payment 
has been made to Central 
Cashier. 

There will be no grace 
period for the Spring 
Quarter. 

1ND0f 
DEMO - Snowboards complete from $225.00 

NEW - Snowboards Sale $399.00 complete reg. $499.00 
NEW SNOWBOARD BOOTS 

Khombu $50.00 Morrow $100.00 Sorel $120.00 
UGGS $69.95 

FULLSUITS from $120.00 BOOTIES (Split toe) $25.00 
HURRY FOR BEST SELECTION! 

SIA>jed to prior sale. Linited to stock on hand. 
Open 7 Days AMEX, MlC, VISA, CHECKS, Even CASH 

619 Pearl Street in La Jolla 454-4580 



6 NEWS 

M~ favorite 'travel ~nC\j 
ALL OUR TRAVEL CONSULTANTS 

ARE MATURE, RELIABLE 
AND EXPERIENCED 

• Fast, Attentive Service 
• Competitive Fares on Non-Official Travel 
• Free Ticket Delivery 

LOCATED JUST OFF CAMPUS 
BEHIND EL TOR ITO AND ELEPHANT BAR 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, '1212 
La Jolla, CA 92037·1705 

Call (619)558·0184 

The UCSD Guardian 

PRINCE 
ConIInued flam ..... 1 
ma&ely I Oa.m. AfterlCmis, Ho said 
Tarr went swimming in the Buena 
Vista Gardens apartmenl complex 
pool. while she sunbathed al lhe 
pool's edge. 

Ho, who also had 10 pause sev-
eral times while recalling what hap-
pened that day, said TarT went back 
10 the apamnent at approximately 
11:5Oa.m. 

"She could never Slay OUI in the 
sun for very Jong. because she had 
fair skin. "Hosaid. "[ said ['dcome 
back a little later." 

Ho indicated that on the previous 
day, Tarr had returned to the apan-
ment before Hoand had left the door 
unlockCd for her. While Tarr said 
nothing about leaving the door un-
locked that day, Ho said she ex-
pected that the door would be un-
locked. 

Ten minutes later, Ho said he 
walked back 10 the apartmenl only 
to find the door locked. Richard 
TarT' pet cat, usually kepi inside 
lhe apartment, was outside the door. 
Ho said she knocked repeatedly and 
called Holly' name, and had an 
elderly downstairs neighbor call a 
maintenance man for help. 

The maintenance man, 58-year-
old Richard Williams, unlocked the 
door and. after discovering that it 
was alsochainedshut, brokeitdown. 
Ho said that as she mn inside the 
apamnent, a man came running out 
of the bedroom. 

At the time, Williams told the 
Gilardia" that he could only see the 
man' arm, which was light brown. 
"He looked Spanish or something; 
he was light," William said. "He 
looked like a kid of about 17 or so. 
He was really slim." 

'" moved 10 the ide. away from 
him," Ho said yesterday. '1'he man 
and the maintenance man tangled, 
and then he ran out." 

Ho said the man had a white 
pillowcase or shirt over his face and 
was holding a knife over his head. 
She also said he was wearing a red 
short-sleeved shirt, and described 
the man's skin as "not white ... but 
it wasn'l darlc, darlc skin." 

Ho also said a photo of the ring 
recovered from Prince "appeared 10 
be the same ring Holly wore." 

In cros -examination, defense 
co-counsel Loren Mandel asked Ho 
if she had seen any identifying marks 
on the arms of the man who had run 
past her. She indicated that while 
the man might have had a tattoo on 
his arm, she couldn't be sure. Prince 
has no uch talloo on his ann. 

In regard to the Sept. 13, 1990 

GOT AN OPINION? 
Wrile a 1eI1 .. IO Ihe edilOr. Le\aen sIooukl be 

typed. doutoIt-spoced. and -.1 irrclwJe a name 
and • pIIont number. Ihooe w;1IIout _'ill "'" be 

priMt4. Brin, yow letlei' 10 Ihe GIIlrdi .. 
offim or mail illO Ihe opinion edllOr. 9500 
Gilman Dr. 0316 La Jolla, CA 92092~316. 

~ .., • "11tt4Iu9Jt 
, ~ 

I ... 
lingerie. « -Ie 

Buy for yourself or sell for 
income. Over 300 top quality 
items. 30% to 70% less than 

stores. Send $10.00 for 
one-time fee for cataiogs and 
information package. Money 

back guarantee. 
Midnight _Ie Ungerle 

13729 1/2 Foothil Blvd., Ste, 134 
Sylmar, CA 91342 

or cal (118)3112-4040 

mwdcrs of Mesa College student 
Amber Clark, 18. and her mother 
Pamela, 42, the prosecution yester-
day called the Clarks' next door 
neighbors, June and Victor 
Munnecke. Both reported hearing 
loud voices corning from theClarts' 
house sometime after 10 a.m .. 
shortly before Ihe murders are 
thought to have taken place. 

Both said that Amber Clark's 
was among the voices they heard, 
but they indicated that it was com-
mon for them 10 hear Clark and her 
teenaged visitors. 

"Did you think those noises were 
par for the course?" District AUOI'-
ney Dan Lamborn asked June 
Munnccke. 

"yes," she said. "Had I not, I 
would've taken some action." 

Keith Neider, a friend ofPrince' s 
who lived briefly with Prince in the 
T opofthe Hill Apartments. thecom-
plex thar Prince moved into after 

" We can't believe anything 
[Keith Neider] says ... 
Everything he told the 

police was a lie. 

" LOREN MANDEL 
Defense Counsel, attempting 

to discredit Neider's testi-
mony regarding a gold ring 

leaving Buena Vista Gardens, testi-
fied that he stole a gold nugget ring 
from Prince on Dec. 6, 1990, and 
sold it to a man named Sam King. 

In addition to his admission that 
he stole the ring from Prince, Neider 
also teslified that Prince admined 
that he had slolen a camcorder. The 
theft of the camcorder is among the 
many charges leveled against Prince. 

"I asked him about the 
camcorder, and he said 'I jacked 
it' ... he stole it." Neider said. 

But Mandel hit back hard in 
cross-examination, allempting to 
impeach NeIder's credibility as a 
witnes . Under Mandel's question-
ing, Neider admilled that he repeat-
edly lied to police about how he 
acquired the ring. 

"We can't believe anything 
rNelder] says," Mandel said during 
a break in the hearing. "He lied 
repeatedly, everything he told the 
police was a lie, [and] he even stole 
from his own grandmother. Hecan't 
be believed." 

Two witnesses testified yester-
day regarding incidents not related 
to the six murders. Anna Macomber, 
who also lived in the Top of the Hill 
Apartments, testified regarding a 
burglary that took place on Aug. 2, 
1990. She also said that Prince 
"looked familiar" to her. 

GingerGailagher, who also lived 
in the Top of the Hill complex, 
testified that in mid-july of 1990 
Prince "pulled down his pant and 
exposed his penis." She said that 

Thunday, March S, 1992 

later thai same evening. he pulled 
down hi pants and exposed his 
naked butlOCks. 

Tuesday' hearing also included 
testimony from Michele Mosquiero 
the daughter of Elissa Naomi Keller, 
who was killed in her East San 
Diego apartmenI on May 2 I. 1990. 
Atll :30 p.m., MosQuienl found her 
mother with a blanket covering all 
but her head and feet. 

Mosquiera also tcsIified that the 
nugget ring taken from Prince by 
police had belonged to her. She said 
that because the ring scratched her 
(mger, she had given ino her mother. 
Mosquieraindicaledthathermother , 
never took off the ring. 

Monday's witnesses included 
Prince's girlfriend at the time of the 
killings. UCSD student Charla 
Lewis. Lewis, in her second day of ' 
testimony. said that Prince had · , 
warned her to keep the door to their 
aponmerttlocked during the period . 
when the killings were taking place. 
She indicated thai Prince asked her 
to lock the door "for her safety." 

Lewis also recounted an inci-
dent when Prince slapped her to the 
ground after discovering her with 
another man. Leo Robinson. She 
said that she tried to get between 
Prince and Robinson, but said Prince 
pushed her out of the way. 

John Rollins. a friend of Pri nce 's 
who also lived at the Top of the Hill 
Apartments, te tified Monday that 
Prince bragged about Keller's mur-
der. Rollins testified that when 
Keller's murder was brought up 
during a conversation. Prince re-
SPOllded by saying "I'm the one 
who took her out." 

But Mandel said thaI no one else 
present forthatconversation remem-
bers Prince saying that. 

Also on Monday. Municipal 
Court Judge Patricia Cowell heard 
testimony from scientist Lisa 
Forman of Cellmark Diagnostics. a 
DNA testing firm. Forman testified 
that there was "an extraordinary 
alignment" between DNA in 
Prince's blood sample and the DN A 
found in semen left on Weinhold's 
body. Weinhold was roped and 
tabbed to death on Feb. 16, 1990. 

She lived in the same apartment 
complex as both Tarr's brother and 
Prince. 

Fonnan said thal the chance that 
the semen was left by someoneother 
than Prince was one in 27 million. 
But defense co-counsel Banon 
Sheela 1II attacked the DNA test, 
arguing that the estil118les are based 
on daUl samples far too small to 
make reasonable genenllizations. 

In addition to the murders of 
Weinhold, Tarr, Keller,the Clarks, 
and SDSU student Tiffany Paige 
Schultz, Prince is also charged with 
13 residential burglaries, six at-
tempted burglaries. two counts of 
indecent exposure, and one count 
each of as ault with a deadly 
weapon, perjury, rape, battery. and 
possession ofa weapon injail. 

The hearing will resume today at 
9a.m. 

--_1r:~n'UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F!!~~.R~~21Y* 
"We.-- . $20 minimUIII ....,.hue • willoiD 5 mile red' ............ 
......... 

as always, 10% ~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

4IHI4& 8851 Villa &.II Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delovery, 7 clays 8 week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 

Thunday, March 5, 1992 

WOMEN 
ContInued ........ 1 
funded women' s cenrer on campus, 
Stillman added. Participants had 
planned to build a "temporary cen-
ter" on the Sun God lawn, but rain 
storm delayed construction, WRC 
volunteer Molly McKay said the 
WRC intends to build such a center 
every year as a symbol of the need 
fora women'scenterat UCSD until 
a center is funded. 

UCSD is the onlY University of 
Califomiacampus thardoes not pro-
vide funding fora women' center. 
Some UC campuses' support for 
centers and salaries for profe sional 
taff members exceeds $250,000. 

The WRC i UCSD's only 
equivalentofa women's center. but 
McKay noted that it is more like a 
club than a true women's center 
because it is run by volunteers who 
have no expertise in crisis counsel-
ing or referrals. 

"We deal with issues like date 
rape,unplanned pregnancies and co-
dependent relationships," said 
Deborah James, a Muirpsychology 
seniorwhovoluoteers as a peercoun-
selor at the WRC. "And we try to 
referwornen to shelters or resources 
like the San Diego Center for 
Women's Studies and Service ," 
James said. James also helps to or-
ganize projects on feminism, event 
and progrJrnming for the WRCand 
sets up discu sion groups for both 

Calvin and Hobbes 

men and women. 
Included in the week's events, 

which have been the product of the 
collective effons of WRC volun-
teers and WRC and Associated Stu-
dents funds. was a discussion called 
"Cross-CulturaJ Herstories." For this 
talk, students, faculty and staffmem-
hers recounted the experiences of 
women in the past. 

Journalist Elizabeth Martinez of 
Z magazine and lawyer Cynthia 
Thornton of the California Abor-
tion Rights Action League 
(CARAL) were among the speak-
ers for "Herstories," addressing a 
crowd of about 30 students . 
Thornton poke about current legis-
lation pertaining to abortion. 

Anocherspeaker, VickieAJgarin-
Randle of Womancare Clinic, 
brought a ·Iide presentation and led 
a discussion about the women's 
health and self-help movements. 

Other activities planned for the 
week include workshops on self-
help, sign language and awareness 
and sel f -defense. There will also be 
several entertainment events with 
live music and food catered by the 
Ole Cafe. 

lbe week's key event, the "Take 
Back the Night" march. is sched-
uled to begin tonight at 7 p.m. 
Stillman helped to plan the march, 
which she describes as a "protest 
against exual violence against 
women." Ann Simonton of Media 
Watch and the Myth California Pro-

by Bill Watt_ 

The UCSD Guardian 

tests first will speak about images of 
women in the media. The WRC has 
been urging all fraternity and soror-
ity members to panicipate in the 
event. 

After the speeches, the women 
participants will begin the march 
while the men discuss the role of 
men in the women's movement, 
attitude that perpetuate stereotypes 
of women and other issues such as 
v iolence against women on campus 
and in society. 

James added that in addition to 
organized femini t ,many men are 
anending the week's events to learn 
how they can be involved or how to 
help victims of xual violence they 
already know. 

According to the WRC. the 
Interfraternity Council has agreed 
to co-sponsor the events. I FC Di rec-
tor Paul DcWine was unavailable 
for comment. 

First-year Muir tudent Rachel 
Molander, also a WRC volunteer, 
believe tonight's march will be a 
focus of the week. "It will bring a lot 
of awareness [about violence against 
women] among students and fac-
ulty," Molander aid. 

All events so far have been held 
in the Triton Pub due to inclement 
weather. Tomorrowaprotestagainst 
fee hikes and budget cuts will gather 
in the Price Center Ballroom. The 
week will end with a free film festi-
val on Saturday and Sunday to be 
held in the Price Center. 

NEWS 7 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7rJM's Master Mechanics 
======= exclusively WV and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

If You Have Friends with vW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our business. O ur busine i selling your bu iness, and 

we'll resort to cheap tricks to get attention. CaB us. 
UCSD Guardian Advertising. 534·3466. 

planes, 
trains, 

CHARBROILED CHICKEN 
automo-

biles 
and many 

other .... ays of 
settilll 

uoundand 
awttill8 away 
can be found 

in the 
Guardlan 

duaifiedL 
Come_WI, 
upetainiD 
the Student 

c.ater. abo .. 
the General 

Sto ..... 

[Next to Harvest Ranch Mkt - Renaissance Centre) 
r -- - - -- -r- - - - - --.- - - - - --, 
I $2.00 • $1.25. 75¢ I 
: OFF : OFF : OFF : 
I with purchase of • with purchase of • with purchase of I 
: Whole Chicken Combo: HALF Chicken Combo: 1/4 Chicken Combo : 
I TAKE-OUT • TAKE-OUT • TAKE-OUT I 
I ONLY • ONLY • ONLY I ___ J 

--
--

NINTENDO Ciiloa f 
SEGA GENESIS \ ,O~~~\ 

SUPER N NTENDO \ ~N1 G~~.~~. \ 
, ~~~1afI""~\O~~' , 
, ~~ ~ lPt·~ of<1 rJi1'f \ ?",oc.c.:~ "ll,5/q'l· _ -' 

, tiel \0 ."",. ~tc' __ -
OI~ _-

--
-

8895 TOWNE CENTRE 
453-4548 



8 NEWS 

M I R A SFJ,F 
M E S A STORAGE 

Paylor 2 
months and pt • 

THIRD MONTH 
FREE 

with ltucIInt 1.0. 

call about 
FREE TRUCK 

[U==L) 
./ All GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
t/ NO SECURITY DEPOSITS OR ADDITIONAL FEES 
t/ NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
t/ FULL nME RESIDENT MANAGERS 
t/ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVAnON WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

0.. _a. 

YEAR 
AHEAD 
H AIRCUT by Mar 
Women $17 (re~ . $2 ) 
Men $14 (ref.!. $11)) 
UCSD PECIAL 

453-0511 

Perm & lfaircLtl $SO 
or IliRM,gl" & flairclIl 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 
FO R APPOINTMENT PL E ASE CALL 

COME TRAVEL IN INDIA 

111_ 
lea CIIIIII 
_1-
..... 

...... 

JUNE28 
!!JULY24 

frlllIIIlIIII 
11PC115-1 .. • .... 2-1 .. 

:"CIt 1(800) 
400-8372 

The UCSD Guardian 

DEBATE 
CoIIIIIIuId ....... 3 

After ddailing the admi ions 
qualifICations of UCSD, Aguilar 
said that "the concept for affinna-
tive action is nothing new. II is only 
the benefICiaries thai have changed. " 
noting private school "legacy" ad-
missions and admission because of 
athletic excellence as example. 

John Wallner i a law student at 
the University of San Diego and a 
candidate for congress for the Lib-
enarian Pany. He described him-
self as a staunch defender of civil 
rights and denounced affirmative 
action as unconstitutional, immoral 
and unworkable. He quoted Martin 
Luther King, Jr. often as he argued 

for judging people by lheir intellect 
and character raIher than by their 
color. 

Wallner said he feels thai affir-
mative action programs "actually 
extend racism for anoIher genera-
lion in our country," and !hal the 
programs "tend to destroy initia-
live" because minority srudents do 
not feel they need to work tuud. He 
said the government should spend 
its funds to add.res the problems of 
illiteracy and drop-oot rates. 

A debate which included audi-
ence panicipation followed the lime 
alloned for each panelist to express 
his or her view. Most comments 
were directed IOward Wallner as 
students of different ethnic back-
grounds protested Wallner's posi-

shapeshifter s~tC\.lTr E productions 
~ 

RAV 
NEWW RLD 

THU~· 

LICsH'TS 
"· IL 

VI~UALS, 
Sy 

NELSO .... 

[f~[E[E Wrf'H CO ...... I!(, I!!. Ul 

Thursday, March 5,1991 

tion. However, one pre-mcd Sludent 
spoke 10 the crowd about personally 
feeling the distress of being a white 
male witnessing less qualified indi-
viduals being accepted to medical 
school on the bltiis of their sex aOO/ 
or color. 

Winstead responded, admilling 
lhat the student who spoke had 
worked hard. while also justifying 
affinnative action. "A lot of people 
have worked so hard for so long for 
so linle," she said. 

Audience members' opinions of 
the forum varied. One spectalorcrili-
cized the broad spectnm of the 
panel, saying, "Some[cornel fmma 
historical perspective, others from a 
business perspective . . . it gOl c0n-
fusing." 

DO YOU HAYI? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for re earch and 
diagnostics. plus earn up 

to $100 per week. . 

Please call 
MD LABOUTORIES 

226·1733 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell is. 
GurdI_ MY"'...., 534-3411 

SYRACUSE 
ABROAD 

The Division of Intemationol Programs Abroad offers academic progroms in 
Australia, Czechoslovakia. In .......... france, Oen"any, Hungary, ........ , 1IaIy, 

Palllnd, and SpaIn 
for 0 semesIer, a year, or a summer 01 study abroad. 

for more information, please contact 
Syracu .. UnNwsity DivWon of Itrllernatiol ............ ,. AbraacI 

119 Euclid AYfIIMIt, Sy!ac:use, NY 132444170 - 1~23S-3Q2 

-----------------------------------I SEND TODAY FOR OUR CATALOGI I 
I Nome I 
I Address I I I 
I City Slate Zip I 
I Phone I 
I I 
I &~ I 
I I 
I SYIACUSI UNMRSITY DIVISION Of INTlINATIQNAL PIlOOIAMS MIIOAD I 
I 119 Euclid Avenue, Syracuse, New York I 32AA-4170 1.aoo.235-3472 I 

cu 
L ___________________________________ ~ 

Thunday, Man:h 5, 1991 

RAPE 
ConUnued flam .... 1 
but the victim chose 1101 to repon it 
for personal reasons.. On Tuesday, 
however, the victim reported the 
rape at around 6p.m.,approximately 
four hours after it had occurred. 

Coordinator of the Student Safety 
Awareness PrognunNancy Wah Ii g 
said. "[The victim) really kepi il 10 
herself. • think she was scared-
she was scared she 'Kouldn't be be-
lieved." Wahlig had no suggestions 
as to why the victim chose 10 repon 
the rape the second time. 

"I don'l know why she decided 
to (repon the rape]. . . perhaps a 
friend encouraged her," she said. 

While the victim's door was un-
locked on Tuesday, allowing the 
SUSpecl entr.mce, O'Dell said lhal 
lhe door was locked on Jan. 8. "I 

RETREAT 
ContInued flam pace 1 
been growing ever since. 

The retreat, however, did not 
cover past tensions between the two 
groups. Instead, Reina Juarez and 
Dan Mimoz, two faculty members 
at UCSD Psychological Services. 
addressed i sue concerning the 
need to relate to one another as 
individuals. 

"It was a chance for us to lear 
down the walls and to take off the 
annor," commented Consuela Seoll. 
Ihe SAAC chair. 

"We were there as individuals 
rather than as adversaries," added 
SAAC representative to the A.S. 
Ruben Duran. 

The queslion of the necessity of 
the relreat was addressed in recent 

believe thai the first time she an-
swered the door - he rang the door-
bell and she answered it," he said. 

O'DeIl said that the victim was 
taken toSharp-Cabrillo Hospital for 
a physical examination to gather 
evidence. 

While O'Dell said thalthe police 
department cannol predict when it 
will have solid leads in the investi-
gation, he noted lhatthe distribution 
of the communilY bulletin would 
help the investigation because 
people may phone in information 
on the case. 

As for the viclim's near fUlure, 
according 10 Wahlig, several op-
tions will be open to her. "What 
happen now is she make a choice 
about counseling. She'll be work-
ing with police ... it' quile lrau-
matico 

"[Butl it all depends upon her. 

A.S. council meeling . Various 
members said they were concemed 
thatasludent fee-funded relreat held 
at the end of the quarter would ac-
complish nothing. 

"Some council memben; will be 
returning next year. but thai is no 
excuse for ilS being so late," said 
A.S. Vice President Administrative 
Mike Holmes. 

Some members said that with 
the year aimosl over, and a new 
council coming in. the retreal would 
be ineffeclual. 

However, A.S. President and re-
treat co-organizer AgustIn Orozco 
commented, "I know it is late in the 
lenn, but !hi retreal goes beyond 
siudent parameters. It can apply to 
our life and our fUlures." 

1l1e S200 spem on the retreat 
covered food and the Scripps beach 

The UCSD Guardian 

Some women who have been sexu-
ally assaulled throw themselves 
into lheir schoolwork," Wahlig 
said. 

She added. "II is common thai 
we want to help fa viclim] and end 
up taking conlrol away from her. 
So it is importanl for her to keep 
control." 

Wahlig said that she will be 
working with W:un:n Apartment 
residents to help them deal with the 
violent act. '" think what it does is 
have a 101 of rippling affect 10 oth-
ers, like her apanment mates. and 
other residents." she said. Wahlig 
added that she would won.: with 
acting Warren College Resident 
Dean Claire Palmer on programs 
for Warren residems either last 
night or tonight. 

"People feel so helpless:' she 
said of the r.lpe incident. 

house. In pasl meetings. council 
members debated the need to have 
the retreat at the beach house. " I 
though I having Ihe retreat off-cam-
pus would be financially wasteful. 
However we needed the dialogue," 
said A.S. Vice Pre idem Finance 
Joe Cassar . 

Ca~sarsaid he wasawareofques-
tion regarding expenses for Ihe re-
Ireat and discussed them with the 
A.S. business manager. ". think 
financially it went very well, "Cassar 
said. He noted thai the A.S . worked 
to keep the retreat budget low. 

Members agreed Ihat an on-cam-
pus retreat would have been more 
cost-effective. but said they felt they 
needed to gel away. "We needed to 
get OUI of the campus environment 
and address each other as individu-
als," Craig said. 

-RECYCLE 
Get the picture yet? 

COME WITH US THIS SUMMER! 

ESA·ABROAD 
A SUMMER STUDY PROGRAM 

QII frII n 11111 ___ _ 
'" •. Bra III •• PIlI •• 
.--Jl-.rIIIl 

CHill 
- EGYPT 

- WASHIGTON DCI LOla 
-IERMAIY 

- ElGLAlD/FRAlCE: 
- JAPAJI 
-IEXICO 
- RUSSIA 
-SPAI 
-.. 

4 

IlYilPIC FITIESS 
AlDMRITIOI 

- u.M/PARIS: ~ 

fifER' 1111 1PInI,.. ill ills CII: 
7250 w.. College Drive 
San Diego. California 92Ul (818) 827-2812 

STA TRAVEL 
\\l \l 1,l'l' 1I tlH·rl' . 

Q!!.. .!I. 
LONDON 225 429 
FRAND'URT_ 31S 620 
PARIS 380 Sit 
COPENHAGEN _ 350 700 
TOKYO 399 624 
BALI 540 itO 
SYDNEY S.4 S.4 
GUATEIIALA_ 175 340 
IIIDCO CITY _ 145 210 
NYCIBOS/DC - - 303 
• I1JMMKR UTa AYAILAJIU 
• KUaAlL waum ON TIlE SPOT 
• FLY INTO on CITY AJID 

OUT AROTlDll 
• n !CDWQ, ITY/LIIIIT&D 

IIUTIIICTlONS 
• ADVICE nOli TIll: EXPDTI 

12 0 OFFICES WORLDWIDE 
THREE L.A. LOCATIONS 
IBLROU (213) I34I7Z2 
IAJlTA MONICA (310) 3M lUI 
Ma i WOOD (311) 1124 1174 
011 WIIIft: 
.,.. 'I. ~a.K AVlI 
1.01_ 
CA_ 

ST/~ 
STA TRAVEL 

You'll be seeing 
GREENbec._ 
•• 'r. READ 

., ... AdvertI ........ I ••• 

YSrtMl 

.BIOLAGE. 
By 1ItIImtX· 

NEWS 9 

@jC!10ft! CUTS 
ByTAWNYAoF 

ESSENCE SALON 
only $11~" 

includes: shampoo & precisicn haircul 
blow dry and styling $4 exl/\J 

-----

HiLites & Perms 
(including haircul) $45 

3251 HOUDAYCOURT, sum 201 LA JOLLA 453-9477 
Above SI. Germain's liquor & Deli 

lUWiR RiCURnS \ ~min 

CK 
7BE FIRS,.! 
Combat those who are demanding 
censorship of your music & lyriCS! 

213'. of all profits from "Rock The Firs'" sales will go to a 
special fund to encourage voter registration & education! 

Your vote is your voice ... 
let it be heard-register & vote 

COMPACT DISCS 
9.99 each 

CASSETTES 
5.99 each 

6 VOLUMES 
FEATURING THE GREATEST HITS FROM THESE ARTISTS ! 
VOLUME ONE' The Power Station. Robert Palmer. Run·O.M.C .. Fine Young 
Cannibals. Bananarama. Bobby Brown. Belinda Carlisle. Crowded House. 
Robbie Nevil & David Lee Roth. 
VOLUME TWO: Bon Jovi. Jon Bon Jovi. Billy Squier. Great Wh ite. The Fabulous 
Thunderbirds. Stevie Ray Vaughn And Double Trouble. Glenn Frey. Duran 
Duran. Steve Winwood 1\ R.E.M. 
VOLUME WREE: Paula Abdul, Technotronic. Jody Watley. Men Without Hats, 
Dovo. Tho Escape Club. Young M.C., Roxene, Laura Branigan & Expose~ 
VOLUME FOUR: Red Hot Chili Peppers. Vixen. The Who, The Tubes. Wall Of 
Voodoo. The Clash, Concrete Blonde. Scandal. Stray Cats & Blondle. 
VOLUME FivE: Tina Turner. John Waitp. Arcadia, Sherift . Berlin. The Dream 
Academy. Poison. Richard Marx. The Molels & Dan Hartman. 
VOLUME SIX' Taylor Oayne. ABC. Aretha Franklin. Roxetle . The Bangles. 
Kim Wilde. The Fixx . Men At Work. Tone·LOc & Bobby McFerrrn. 

OPEN gAM TO MtDNlGHT EVERYDAY! SALE ENDS 3110192 

lUWi" "{CURnS \ ~\nin 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 

ILC&.IOtI 
"., ..... ~..., "_00' 

~~,.,.... ... 
'"., \,..,., 



, . 

10 NEWS 

UCB 
~fnIm .... J. 
affairs. the new one would make the 
VCB a much more autonomous 
entity. 

To alleviate concem about an 
appointed board carrying thi level 
of influence, board members also 
decided to make their positions and 
that oflhe VCB chair elected by the 
entire tudent body. Currently, col-
lege representati ve to the board are 
selected by college councils. 

TIle dispute between the admin-
istration and the VCB has centered 
on the power of the UCB to allocate 
space and to have control over Uni-
versity Center Director Jim 
Carruthers. Carruthers' salary pre -
ently is paid by the University Cen-
ter budget. but he is responsible to 
the vice chancellor. 

The UCB resolution to top pay-
ing the director was denied by the 
university in Janu ry. If the new 
charter passe aIlJevelsofapproval , 

~uch power would re~ide in the UCB, 
with any veto of VCB action com-
ing only from the chancellor. 

Before the charter is put into 
effect, it still hasM!verai more hurdles 
to jump. It mu t be approved by the 

UNIVERSITY 
CIT Y 

JEWELRY 
WATCH a. CLOCK REPAIRS 

3230 Governor Dr, 
Northwest corner at the 

Big Bear Center at Regents 
457-9893 

1..eam Fast & Easy with 
Professor 3T Tutorials 

at your own pace, 
on your own 

computer 
IVordfWf .... Lobo 1·),3. ww.-. 
d_ W+ • ....-. DOS, 
QwHro Pro. Wont. Uola, 
"'orb, _. _ • 
QooIctBASIC~bIr, 0-. 
'C". 'C++'. Cobol, 

No manuaJa nccdcd .41 ____ _ 

"" ...... --

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

OnJy S39.9Sleach 
Call your local dealer or 

Software Academy 
(619)464-2500 

I 
I 
I 
I 

........... ' ...... I 
I 
I 
I 
I HBPWAffIED 
I 

Associated Students, the Graduate 
Student Association and the admin-
istration. 1be board members also 
proposed puning many of the issues 
regarding the UCB up for a vote in 
next quarter's general election. 

VCB Chair Molly McKay 
drafted the new charter and admit-
ted during Monday's meding that 
"from anyone's standards ... this is 
huge." McKay said that sheconsid-
ers the new charter completely nec-
essary for the board to accompli~h 
its task of attaining real powers. 

UCB CornmissionerofFinancel 
EnterpriseandCo-ops hrisBumett 
agreed with McKay. During last 
week' debate over the new charter 
he argued that currently "there i no 
que tion that (the board] is an 
unempowered body:' He added that 
fundamental changes must be made 
in the UCB' relati nship with the 
universi ty and that the charter will 
accomplish those charge~. 

Not everyone on the board was 
pleaM!d with the new chaner, how-
ever. Denise Fenton, the GSA rep-
resentative to the board, aid on 
Tuesday that the board members 
ju t want "to dem nstrate how little 
powerthey have." Fenton was fru -
trated with what she said was an-

The UCSD Guardian 

oIherweakeningoflheboerd'scred-
ibility. "If what [the oIher board 
members] wanlto do is funher un-
dennine the ability of the board to 
work with the administration, well 
this certainly does it:' she said of the 
passage of the new cllaner. 

Fenton had no problems with 
eventually granting more power to 
the board, but felt the method was 
incorrect. She also argued that the 
debate regarding the powers of the 
VCB was taking undue precedence 
over more important duties. During 
the past month of debate over the 
co-ops and the power of the board. 
"there was an incredible amount of 
work being done by the admini tra-
tive bodie because the board was 
notdeaJingwith il.. . (the co-ops are] 
the only thing that the VCB deal 
with. that is the only thing they 
would like to deal with," ~he said. 

According to Fenlon, if a vote on 
the chaner were held during cam-
pu elections, graduate Mudents 
wouldbealienated. "We have people 
that are located all around the globe 
and they pay their $37.50 (sludent 
facilities feesl. so es entially 
(M Kay J i for di enfranchising 
maybe one- ixth of the population 
of gr.lduate students," she said. 

UCSD Theatre 1991-92 Season 
Winler Produclion 

SOLDIER OF PARADISE 
a new play by Kevin Kreiger 
March 4-6 al8PM 
March 7 al 2PM & PM 
March 8 al 2PM & 8PM 
Forum Sludio 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

ROBERT WOODRUFF DIRECTS 
ORESTES by Euripedes 
March 11 -14 al8PM 
March 15 al 7PM 
Mandell Weiss Thealre 

----------------

.. I I I ., I I 
• I I 

• 
I 
I 

COFFEE I I 
& TEA I I 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS I 
I 

.. 2 for 1 I ... • I I ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS I I 
V41id with coupon.nd <tudenr 10 0f1/y. bpi<e$ J/J 1/9], I 

I 
STORE HOURS I 

M-Th 7 am·1O pm; F-Sat. 7 am-ll pm; Sun. 7 am-9 pm I 
LIVE MUSIC I 

• 
Wed, & Thurs .. 7-9:30 pm. Fri. & Sal. 8-10 pm I 

8935 T OWM CflItre Drive, Suite 11 0 I 
San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 

• 
I 
I ............. -.... .. I I I C' 1111 .... 

\IIIIIIiIS In IN ~ c.nt.. ~ A. 

,--------- - - ---------- __ J 

:Jlowers d! 9jis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

~n Oiego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

Our de5igners speciaNze 
In customizing Perlect 
Perms each and lWary 
time. We consider your 
halr'S texture. growth 
direction and desired 
style. This is a perfect 
time '0( a PerIec:I Perm 
and receive a S40 value 
for only S 19.95 

Thunday, March 5,1992 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
\I, lin 1)Un.h..l ...... ut s 10 ut mun.' 
\ ul , .. hJ 'IIIo l(h MI )' 1 1C~'rulr\.,. 
t:.p.'!/I1II92 • 

.. 
· " '.Ildiv<r 
'l'orld'l'idt' 

FREE · Hair ~ • 2~ boIIIe of Aloe 011 Condll ..... • c.tIIcaIIt tor 0 Super Deep COl ....... '" ~ a GlazIng on your ,.., viii 
lang lIIIrond...., _~hIgIW.~_, .. __ 

OIIor ..... _'5, ,l1li2. NoIgood .... __ 
------------------~ 

,are hair Costa Verde Center we 
8750 Genesee (behind Soup Exchange) 587-CUTT 

I S.695T SAVE S2]5AVE-Sl TS1°O -
I care Cut Wet I on I on any kl, or IaIger I Off 
I &! Allr $1 Shampoo John AmIco ~y ~ I Cut & style I Product I on Cut I Wlh this cwpon. I WIIn this coupon. I -. tI1i$ CCI,IpOn. I With tI1i$ coupon. I en. coupon per IliSOl. en. CCI,IpOn per _. One coupon per visi! One coupon per __ I Expo'8s3II5192, I "'-3115192. I Expirw13l151112 I E ..... 3I15192. I 

Vood on Set No appI. Void on Sol. No ...,.. Void on Sat. No';'" Void on Sat. No .... 

L-~_L_~~~ __ ~_L_~~~~ 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lens<: Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
L...tatilE;;::';~"-"1I Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 
-Includes: CL eum, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 follow up. 

Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, 
Paraperm, 

CLMlIIIONT 
279-1818 

5585 Clairemont MC$3 Blvd. 

• . . nl •• 
• Q..ltty ., ... r. 
• . ......... Prlc • • 

KENlIN8TON 
283-U18 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10-5 

11 SPORTS 

I\EEPN; 
SCORE 

Shark Repellant 
And Black T .shirts 
J EltRyTARKANIANSAJDGOOO-bye to UNL V last night, marking the end of more 
than a decade of college hoop 
dominance by those kids known 
as the Runnin' Rebels. Before the 
game, his team wore black T-
shirts with the word "Tark" 
written on the front. It was as if 
they were in mourning. 

1bey should moum. No more 
brilliant Tar1canian-Ied tearns at 
UNL V. Probably no more NCAA 
tournament championship teams. 
No more FBI investigations into 
possible criminal wrongdoing. 
Were it 1101 Las Vegas, home to 
such notables as Wayne Newton 
and Nipsey Russell, the local 
economy would probably be dealt 
a savage blow, what with the loss 
of all the revenue brought in by 
traveling NCAA investigators. 

With Tark gone, the school's 
reputation as a joke, as a place 
where stat athletes take courses in 
casino management, may also 
wither away. No more will card-
counting be accepted as a math . 
class. 

And, saddest of all for me, no 
more chances to make fun of Jerry 
Tadanian and his scandal-ridden 
basketball team. 

Unless, of course, he comes 
back to UNL V. Or, even better, if 
he comes to San Diego State. 

SURPRISING 11iOUGH it may be, I'm all for the Jerry 
Tadanian Aztecs. So are bunches 
of other people. KNSD-TV's Jim 
Laslavic: "Why not Tarkanian? 
He's not a bad guy. He graduates 
over 50 percent of his players." 

Note to Laslavic: graduation 
rates aren't what they seem, 
especially not at institutions like 
UNL V. How does (here comes 
another one) passing "Hotel 
Management 105: Why Bellboy 
Uniforms are Red" really fall 
under the category of academic 
standards? Even at UCLA, a 
supposedly fine Division I 
academic institution, there's stiU 
quite a bit in the way of grade-
fudging. Take Don MacLean, 
UCLA star and potential NBA 
millionaire. MacLean pulled Bs 
and Cs in high schooL- not 
exactly your,model student, 
according to his Simi Valley High 
School pals. He didn't need to be. 
He was going to play Division r 
basketball. 

NOW HE'S graduating in four years with a psychology 
degree and a B avemge, while 
managing to be a star hoopster in 
his spare time. Good one. And 
while I've got some spare cash, 
how much is that neat bridge oller 
there? 

And that's UCLA. You're going 
to boast about the academic stan-
dards at UNL V? Give me a break. 
lim. Not even the ShaIX will boast 
about it. He's the one who said 
"SDSU hln fine lCIdcmic reputa-

See ICOIII. Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

March Madness Hits UCSD 
• Tritons take on Cal Lutheran in 
third matchup of the season 
By Ken Pertnum 
Sports Editor 

You might be able to compare thi year's 
UCSD-Cal Lutheran men 'sbasketball rivalry toa 
Rocky movie: the whole time you're watching it, 
you'reprelly sure you know how it's going to tum 
out. 

So far for Triton fans, their hero has twice 
come out on top. But thi Saturday night, the 
champion must once again get in the ring to 
defend the title. 

already under it belt and riding the tide of a 17-
game win streak. 

In the other comer, there' CaILutheran- 15-
lion the season, unranked in the division. a 12-
7 record versus division foes and making its first 
appearance in the tournament. 

These Tritons aren't quite the same pugilist 
who squared off against the Kingsmen in Decem-
ber and January, however. Without 6-6 forward 
Andy Swindall, who went down earlier this sea-
son with a knee injury, VCSD may already have 
been caught by an unexpected blow. 

In the last meetings between the two, on Dec. 
27 and Jan. 8. Swindall was a key in suppressing 
the Kingsmen 's 6-6, 230-pound heavyweight 
Simon O'Donnell. 

With O'Donnell out of the picture in those two 
conte ts. UCSD was able to key on Cal Lutheran 

Thursday, March 5, 1992 

Looking at the statistics, this game might seem 
like an easy one to call. In one comer, you have 
UCSD - 22-4 on the season, ranked third in 
Division Ill, a 16-0 record against teams in the 
same division, two years of playoff experience See M, HOOP. Page 14 Chris Moore is key to UCSO's success. 

SicIart DeIlIGu.rdM 
Chris Belloli took the number one singles match for the Tritons ' men's 
tennis team, but UCSO still lost to SUNY-Binghampton in a 5-4 match. 

Tennis Falls to Colonials 
• UCSD drop match to 
SUNY-Binghamton 
By Blair RIdley 
Staff Writer 

After losses to tough Division I 
and [J opponents to stan the year. 
the VCSD men's tennis te:.un was 
hoping to bounce back with a win 
against their first Division III foe of 
the season, SUNY-Binghamton, 

Unfortunately, its hopes to put 
one in the win column were spoi led 
as the 18th-ranked Colonials de-
feated the Tritons 5-4 yesterday af-
temoon. 

UCSD took five of the nine 
matches to three sets, but were only 

able to win two. 
Chri Belloli, the Tritons' num-

ber one singles player, ousted 
SUNY-Binghamton's Greg Munoz 
in three hard-fought sets, 6-7, 7-5, 
6-1. 

Chad Morse, who missed the 
Tritons' first IWO matches due 10 
injury, felt right at home with his 
rew m to the lineup, He proceeded to 
take apan the Colonials' Gregg 
Schwanz in Iwo slmight sets, 6-2, 
6-4, 

SUNY -8 inghamlon 's attack was 
spearheaded by its number Ihree, 
four, and five players. 

At number three si ngles, the 
See M. TENNIS, Page 14 

Crusaders Crush Tritons 
By Chris Regnier 
Associate Sports Editor 

When you 're a Division III 
school, going up against Division I 
opponents tends to be tough. 

The UCSD women 's tennis team 
can vouch for that as it suffered its 
second loss in a row to a Division I 
school on Tuesday al the hands of 
Westem Michigan University, 7-2, 

UCSD's number one singles 
player, Robyn Inaba, dropped her 
match in straight sets 10 Amy 
McClure, 6-3, 6-2 . 

Carla Nicolas. the Tritons' num-
ber two si ngles player, also fell in 
two slraight to Holly Taylor, 6-0, 
6-4. 

Diane Chandler, playing num-
ber three singles for UCSD, was on 

the winning end of her malch as she 
outlasted Yacqui Peete, 2-6, 6-4, 
6-3 . 

Cather;,.e Yim. returning from 
an elbow injury and playing number 
four singles for UCSD. couldn't 
muster up enough strength against 
Cyndi Tumer as she fell 6-3,6-3. 

Although Yim lo~t, UCSD Head 
Coach Liz LaPlante was pleased 
with her performance considering 
she had been sidelined for the past 
couple of weeks with her injury. 

Michelle Wilbur. number five 
single for VCSD, appeared to be 
heading toward a win after the first 
set of her match, but then only man-
aged to win one game in the next 
two sets as she dropped her conte t 

See W. TENNIS, Page 15 

Baseball Looks For Revenge Against Vanguards 
• PrevIeW: Tritons 
prepare for battle with 
Southern California 
College at home today 
By Ben!llln 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD baseball tearn (8-0-
I) gears up today to host another 
clash with Southem California Col-
lege, the team which battled the 
Triton batsmen to a 2-2 tie last 
Wednesday, tainting an otherwise 
perfect record. 

In that confrontation, UCSD tied 
the game in the ninth iMing only 
to see it ended by darkness after 
neither squad could score through 

the twelfth inning. 
Senior Brent Hansen held the 

Vanguards to only two runs over 
eight innings of work, while Ryan 
Flanagan and Bryan Thoma on 
combined for four innings of shut-
out relief. 

UCSD head coach Lyle Yates 
has opted to strut Flanagan (3-0) 
tOday,as Vanguard hitters haveseen 
Hansen on the mound twice last 
year and once already this year. 

Flanagan tossed a complete game 
victory at home last Saturday against 
TIle Master's College, and Yates is 
confident that five days' rest will be 
sufficient for the junior southpaw. 

Vanguard pitching hindered the 
usually explosive Triton offense on 

Wednesday, conceding only two 
runs on nine scattered hits to a club 
currently avemging 7,8 runs per 
game. 

"We' re definitely hoping for 
better offensive production than we 
had at their yard," Yates said. 

Despite having prdcticeconfined 
to the parking lot and a small 
portion of the baseball field due to 
rainy conditions, Yates remains con-
fident with his club. "We're not 
going to let this be a factor," he 
affinned. 

Though the min has hampered 
Triton practice, the baseball dia-
mond should be ready by game time, 
if the forecasts for rain prove incor-
rect. 

Yates has remained busy Irying 
to fill out the Tritons' rain-plagued 
schedule, With six games already 
cancelled in February, the veteran 
coach has been shuffling to pick up 
more Division III opponents down 
the stretch. 

"Since I started. we've only av-
emged 15DivisionIllgamesayear," 
Yates stated. 

In a typical Triton schedule. this 
accounts for only one-third of the 
contests. 

The remainder are NAIA or Di-
vision II contests. 

The Tritons will be ho ting 
Nebraska's Wayne State thL Sun-
day for a twin bill beginning at 
noon. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Ski Jackson Hole over spring break 
wifI the Radically Inclined Ski Clubl 
Call 534--4482. (312-3112) 
DISSERTATION WORKSHOPS. Stuck 
In the process? For written infomIatlon 
or scheduling call 692-0966. 
Postgraduate Group. (1130-3112) 
International Club presents KOREAN 
CULTURE NIGHT, Saturday,~. 7 at 
6 p.m. Ethnic lood, demonstrations. 
Everyone weIcomel (312-315) 
$.75 Drafts, $1 shots aM night. "ShooIers" 
860 Gamet. 1 S. Discount cover w/ 
UCSD 10. (315) 
Social Science Graduate Student 
Conlerence entitled "Global Impact: 
InIemationaIIssues n the Social Sciences." 
SallKday. MMch 7 Irom 9:00 to 5:00 at 
FacultylStall Center - SDSU. Host: 
Sociology Graduate Students. (315) 

The e 
adverti ers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-bu Ijng, UCSD 

exclu ive bargains, 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
Fairmair's ..... ................ 222'()220 
UCSDEATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587-3680 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Domino's ................... ... 452·UCSD 
Heidi's .......................... 450-3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Papachino's ................. 546·7666 
Royal Thai Cuisine ....... 456·2063 
Stratford CoHee House 481-8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert ·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair. PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
Essence Salon ............. 453-94n 
We Cafe Hair ............... 587 -CUTT 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ........... ....... .455.()909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Royalty Nails ................ 483-6188 

UCSD HEALTH 
amNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 2n-8255 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
UC CycJery ................... 452-8842 
Dr. McDonald Opt ........ 279-5858 
CIr. tor Optimal Health . 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Bats., DDS .. 459-5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Rower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
UCSDETC. 
Audiofile ...........•........... 459-FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 2n-6744 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
MD labs ....................... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ........... .. .. 450-9291 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587-8600 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270·3680 
Video Gallery ............... 452·1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
Futons 4 Less .............. 578·5745 
SI. Germain's ............... 455-1414 

The VCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in / 5-word increments. The rate per /5 words is $/ for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 

, in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. Tire Guardian reserves tire 
right 10 refuse any advertising including bUl not limiTed 10 companionship ads. For 
more information ca/l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive. 03/6, La Jo/la, CA 92093-03/6. AClllal address: Student Center A, topftoor. 

GROCERIES AND HEALTH FOODS 
delivered to your door at up to 50% 011 
+ refer ONLY 2 new members to be 
eligible for monthly residual ineome .. . 
INFO? DESIGNERS RESEARCH .. . 
(800) 735·9tI3 ... leave message .. . 
mention ·CONSUMERS BUYlINE 
REPORT: Include name. address, 
phone II ... Inlo rushed to you . (315) 
AITENTIONI Do you have work 
experience within your major or area 01 
Inlerest? Do you know what your career 
goals are? Do you know how to write a 
marketable resume? II not , how are you 
going to find ajob after graduation? Let 
the A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE help 
you belore it's too latel Pick up 
applications now lor summer and lall 
opportunities in San Diego. Price 
Cenler, 3rd floor, Room 3.303. Call 
534-4689. (315·319) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST-BLACK POUCH WITH GREY 
CORDonWEDS.PLEASEcaH(619)534-
4382 or return to L and F. (312·315) 
Lost: Prescription glasses; circular 
reddish-tonoise shell wire rims. Near 
ree. gym. Call Jeff. 452·7629. (312·3/5) 

SERVICES 
Word Processing/editing. Reports & 
manuscripts. 10 yrs professional editing! 
Iyping experience. Sheri 457·0763. (31 
2-3112) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers , resumes. Laser printing , 
spellcheck. $2 .50/DS page . 
Experienced. Reliable. InpuVOutput 
587-0080. (2124-3112) 
Having a bad hair day? Call "The Cure" 
haircuts - men $10, women $15. For an 
appointment call 558-4656. (1121·3112) 

• Full Set ......................... $16.95 
• Fills ............................... $10,95 
• PediaJre ....................... $10.95 
• Manicure ........................ $5.95 

~ 
1$10 1m OFFI 

Guys (reg. 25) $15 
Girls (reg. 35) $25 

1025 Prospect #220, La Jolla 
OPEN 9:30am Tues-Sat 

Word Processing/Typing: Academic 
manusaipts. papers, theses , leHers. 
resumes. Accuratellast service. Mary 
Ann 452·9439. (213-412) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germain ·s. 
452·9949. (9123·6/4) 
Olga Ban - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hai's per hour. 3256 Holiday Court Student 
discounts. 558-46441226-1962. (116-3112) 
RESUMESIWORDPROCESSING. We'. 
give your documentsstytel AIso-desk1op 
publishing and training. PagesPlus 452· 
1240. (312-4113) 
PIANO lESSONS (31 be funl Pa"', 
experienced, local teacher. All levels 
weoome. Joal KlIIand. 457-8065. (211 ~ 
9) 

~bJbTg,~, 
aI courses. Cal lor rates: A. DIbisch, Ph.D. 
(619) 271-9224. (2120-315) 
HAIR BY REBECCA UCSD gets $10 
off supreme hair styling by Rebecca at 
Studio 3 in La Jolla. Call lor an 
appointment. 459·2883. (315) 
Need help pulling together a 
prolesslonallooklng resume? Student 

re.u~ .. rvlc:e is a student run 
organization that can create a resume 
lor you based on the format 
recommended by Fortune 500 reauiters 
loronly$l O. Overnight service available. 
Call Peter at 453-7570. (315-412) 

FOR SALE 
Surf Ski - Raider Pro 225 custom 
made trHin. Kevtar reinforced, barely 
used. Sacrffice lor $350 including paddle 
and leash. ALS0-2 Seda canoe 
paddles, like new, $35 each. Call Chris 
481·8076. (312·315) 
BIKEI - Women's Murray 10-speed. 
Good condition. $60. Call Lea 455· 
0031. (312-3/9) 
KENWOOO CAR STEREO. KAC-353. 
HIGH POWER, TAPE ADVPH::,E N>lD 
MORE. $11 0 oboJoel457 -3668. (312-3'12) 
COOl ~ rncd1Ile. $50. 01t' 1 
weekold.AT&T~.587-2184.IWt;.(3I 
2~) 

GUlar:a:wsticsteelsmgpertedoordlon. 
Br.n:t new. $75. 452·2065. (2124-3.9) 
For sale: ore-way 1icMt from San Clie!J! kl 
San Fnn::isco Math 9, 1992.l...aIe ~ 
I9tS20. CaI.Aaon Ii 587 -7911. (2/16-3'2) 
CHEAP I FBI/U.S. SEIZED. 89 
Mercedes $200, 86 VW $50, 87 
Mercedes $100, 65 Mustang $50, 
choose from thousands starting $25. 
FREE 24-hourrecording reveals details 
801·379-2929. Copyright 1CA34KJC. 
(2118·3112) 

• I 

v 
,-------, 
I Buy a LARGE YOGURT I 
I and get a 
L..:SMALLYOGURTFREE! - ______ --1 

La Jolla Village Center 
8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 587·_ 

Must sell 1980 VW Rabbit . Fuel 
injection. Great condition. $1500 o.b.o. 
Call 454·4966 mornings/afternoons. (1/ 
9-3112) 
Commodore 128-includes disk drive, 
1200 bd modem, joystick, speed 
cartridge. and some games. In good 
condition. All for $300.278·8575. Julie. 
(2127-315) 
Kawasaki 1990 Twin Vulcan - 500 cc 
cruiser, candy apple red. great condition , 
reliable, below blue bookl Just tuned, 
new rear tire . $2250 helmet and 
reflective vest included. KarVMary 739-
9287. (2127-3/12) 
Framed Nagel Serigraph - woman w/ 
horse 40")(30" not a print . $75 obo. Call 
Eric 546·9902. (2127-3130) 
MUST SELL- Sony XR5500 Pullout 
Cass/Rcvr 25x25W, Dolby, Metal, Music 
Search, Radio Intercept, EXCELLENT 
CONDITION. Much BEITER than 
Kenwood. FREE cassette case and 
head cteaner w/purcha.se. $185. Cal 
Jeff 457·2448. (315) 
Hewlett Packard 28S graphic scientific 
calculalor. Performs derivatives. 
integrals. Manuals included. $100 obo. 
Chris 455·5691. (315) 
1981 VW Cabriolet. Runs well, good 
top, body rough. Must sel $2100/0b0. 
558-8870. (315) 
5 drawer oak desk with attached 
bookshelves $7510b0. Computer desk 
$55. 558·8870. (315) 
Plane TdIet. SO kl SF 3/22.3/26. $60 
rouncl1l1l. HeaIher 558-7536. (315-3112) 
Computer - Epson Apex 20 MegHd 
.Worq.t, l.oUl 123, [bse, HarvGrav, 
ex.-as$1100. Trnof1y270-3090. ~) 
Guitar, PAS CE Bolt·on. Vintage 
Sunburst maple top ; rosewood 
fingerboard. With case. $700 or best 
oHer; cash only. Paul, 281·9862. (315· 
3/12) . 

WANTED 
Experienced, energetic person lor 
occasional evening/Weekend sitting. 
Two children , La Jolla area. 
T ranspor1ation and re/Menees required. 
456·6281 . (312·3112) 
Male model needed for on-campus 
Wednesday drawing dass. CaB 534-
2021 for details. (312-3/5) 
CDs, cassettes, VHS movies. Top $$ 
paid. Music Trader, 7094 Miramar Ad. 
693-1469. (1127·3112) 
Worroe:'l volunteers needed for study on 
adaptation to lile events. Answer 
questionnaires at home. Compensated 
for time. 943·1789. Leave name, 
number, and best time to cal you. (315) 

New, leather 

IllER 
J1CIm 

from $99 
__ VIII ..... 
- Relro ~N 21 sl Cenlury-

Hawaiian • Militory -. 
Flower Power - Cool shades & 

T-shirts 
L __ !OftUlIU 
.a'i a.'1 • 
.. 79 Newport ,,_. o. m-tHt 

Tbunday, March 5.1992 

HOUSING 
Roonmate wanted. $250/mo. + 1/3 
utilities. Pool, t ... court. spa, sauna. 
Uzzle, 00nnI or Joann 457-<4279. (312· 
3112) 
ROOMMATE WANTEDI Del Mar ipl, 
own bedroom, own bathroom, $4151 
mo., 112 utilities, tumished. 259-8297. 
(312·3112) 
Solana a..ch 3 bed, 2 112 bath, wash! 
dry, ger-U-'5lirtplace, refrig, etc. 
Available 4 Quarter. 3125-6130. 
Only $1050/ . Call 793-0517. (21 
13-3112) 
APT, DEL MAR, 13754 MANGO DR. 2 
BR 2 SA $7001mo. Can be furnished. 
Complex has pool , Jacuzzi. Price 
includes water, heat, tenant pays elec. 
$500 dep. Call 483·750810 view. (312· 
315) 
LA JOLLA W 01 1·5, near UCSD. Fum! 
unfurn sunnybdrm and studio apts form 
$590 . 24·hour security, patios/ 
balconies, BBQs. BY TRADER JOE'S, 
BUS STOP, SHOPPING. 452-8850. (3/ 
2-/312) 
Quiet . considerate, non·smoking 
graduate student wants same: share 
2nd floor, S.-Mesa ~March 9. $303/mo. 
Josh 452·7257. (312-3/12) 
Roommate needed I Own room, 1/3 
utilities, $310. 2 1/2 miles to campus, 
across from UTC. 450-3426. (2124-315) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
furnished master bedroom for spring 
quarter. Claseto campus, pool, jacuzzi, 
washer/dryer. $280/mo. includes 
utilities. 587-0188. (2124·3112) 
Roommate needed: House in beautilul 
Mira Mesa. Close to movies, bow~ng 
andAiberto·s.15mintocampus.Master 
bedroom $3251mo+ 1/4 util. Call now 
belore it's gone. Mike 578-2644. (2124· 
315) 
Rent a room: 5 min from campus, pool, 
hot tub, must see to believe. 457·8541 . 
(2127·3112) 
Female to share master bedrm in 3 
bdrml2.5 ba house. Clean, responsible, 
female roommates. No smoking/pets. 
Laundry, garage, pooi.2 miies toUCSD. 
$2981mo. + 1/4 utilities. Jennifer 597-
0976. (2113·315) 
Roommate wanted, two rooms 
available, near UTC. call anytime. 
Washer/dryer, Iriendly atmosphere. 
$345.558' 2456. (2127·3112) 
Roommate wanted. Share 3 bed 
apartment, UTC area. OnIy$2OOlmonthl 
Grad preferred. CaB 558-2154. (2127·31 
9) 
FEMALE NONSMOKING ROOMMATE 
WANTED : spring quarter only ... 
apartment dose to campus (Lebon! 
Nobel cross streets). Double - $2651 
month OR single w/own bath - $345/ 
month + 1/3 utilities. Easygoing 
roommates. LORI 457·0941 . (2124·31 
12) 
ROOMMATE WANTED in beautiful 
house in Hillcrest. Close to Iree 
shuttlebus to campus. Rent is $290 + 1/ 
4 utilities. Large yard, washer, dryer, 
porch, cool roommates. Call 296-8445 
or 534·7799. (315-3/12) 
3BR 2BA . house. Univ City. Ouiel 
backyard, refrlg. gardening - paid. 
$ll00/mo. 458-9421 . 483-1720. (315) 
Own roonvbath. 4BR house Univ City. 
Female, quiet, no pet, non·smoking, 
$35O/mo. 458-9421 . (315) 
Male to share large master bedroom in 
roomy Del Mar house. $25OImonth. 
STEVE 455-1064. (315-3112) 

Dinner 
DeHveredl 
Door • Home e Office 

lAJOUA 

GOURMET DEUVERY 
from La Jolla's Rest.auamts 

Call for Menu GukIe 

Thursday, March 5, 1992 

EMPLOYMENT 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER OPPOA-
TUtITY-CampWayneNEPA(3hrs1 
NYC) counselor/specialist positions-
all land/water sports, camping. 
computers, A&C, radio. Write us at 55 
Channel Drive. Port Washington, NY 
11050 or call 516·883-3067. (2127·4/ 
30) 
SU .... ER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SNP interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing all aspectS 
of a successful ~. Avent1J9 gross 
profit$11 ,287.lastchanceforin1erviews. 
TRiPlE 'A' STUDENT PAINTERS FOR 
INFORMATION. 1-800-394-6000. (312· 
3112) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! ManY' 
positions. Great benefils. Call (800) 338· 
3388. ex1. P·3387. (2120-3130) 
LAW CLERKISECRETARY -Accurate 
typing skills, good phone, and fiUng skiUs, 
no experience necessary. Fleilie hoIxs, 
KelWflY Mesa, $5.25 per hour. 560-8405 
ask lor Noelle. (2110-315) 
LIKE TO TRAVEL? AMERICAN 
BASED INTERNA lIONAL FIRM 
looking for success-orienled individuals. 
Offices opening in Canada, Europe, 
Australia and Japan. Cali for interview 
587·8946. (312·3/5) 
Alaska Jobs. Ex. $1000+/wk, room, 
board, airfare. Fishing, education, oil. 
engineering & more. Weekly info. 
ALASKEMP: (503) 754·6051 Ext. 9. (21 
20-3/30) 

COUNSLEORS: CAMP WAYNE. a co· 
ed children's camp, Northeast 
Pemsytvania. 6123·8121192. Have the 
most memorable summer of your lifel 
Counselors: Tennis, Swim, (W.S.I. 
prelerred) Waterski. Sailing. Basketball. 
Volleyball , Softball , Soccer. 
Gymnastics . Aerobics, Nature/ 
Camping, Dance/Cheerleading, Guitar, 
Batik, Sculpture, Ceramics, Painling, 
Silkscreen. Photography, Drama, Sell 
Delense. Other staff: Group Leaders 
(20+), General, R.N .s, DriverNideo 
(21+) . Other positions available. On 
campus interviews Tues . • Mar. 31 , 12-
6 p.m. SIGN UP AT CAREER 
SERVICES CENTER . For more 
inlormation call (516)889·3217 or write 
12 Allevard St. Lido Beach, NY 11561 . 
Include your school phone number. (31 
2·3112) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
Cruiseships. Students also needed 
Christmas. Spring, and Summer lor 
Amusement Park employment. Call 
(800) 338-3388. Ext. F·3147. (2120-31 
30) 
Fun position forwell-groomed. outgoing 
person with good movie or video game 
knowledge. Must work weekends. Apply 
in person. West Coast Video, 8895 
Towne Centre Dr. 453·4548. (2127-3/9) 
Ricksha Express is now hiring drivers. 
cooks, and management trainees. Part 
time and full time. Flexible hours. Call 
457·8646 belween 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. 
(312-3/12) 
Saturday girl withcar -drive to market. 
library, etc. Light housework in tidy 
apartment. 453-5726. (315-3/9) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Be a model. No lees. no experience 
required . Men's, women's sportswear. 
Part time available. Send photo(s) to 
Box 73531, Davis, CA. 95617. (3/5) 
S40,OOO/yrl READ BOOKS and TV 
scripts. Fill oul simple "Iike/don 't like" 
form. EASY I Fun, relaxing at home. 
beach , vacations. GUARANTEED 
PA YCHECK. FRE E 24·hour recording. 
801·379·2925. Copyright 'CA34KEB. 
(2118·3112) 

PERSONALS 
Math tutoring at your convenience! Call 
the Math Doctor (Tony Craddock) at 
453·7725. (1127·3/12) 
To the oflicers of FSSI (Aaron. ClaudiO. 
Tim. Christine and Anil), you guys did a 
great job with the BBQ. Thank you lor 
all your help!!! - Chris. Good luck With 
finals I (312-315) 
Powder - Jacuzzi - Moosel Ski 
Jackson Hole! Call the ski club at 534· 
4482 for more information. (312·3/12) 
CES - HAPPY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
BABYII XOXO (3/5) 
Technology princess. Our true colors 
are recorded: white-grey·brown-green-
red-blue·yellow. Listen. (3/5) 
HAZ -I love being in your eyes. Sorry 
we haven't flown together. With your 
eyes. I'm soaring at MSL! L1. Cdr. Mofo. 
(3/5) 
Ice cream and cookies. Cookies and 
ice cream. Time to paddle kiddo. (3/5) 

KAPLAN 
TEST PREP 
~ We Set The 

Standard ... ~ 
You Set The Pace. 

~Iplan offns the only individualized lcst prcp 
courses in Ihl' country. ·Ii) hl'ip you ;JchicH' your 

hi~hest score. \\'e sct lhe .~tandar{! anti ~ ill work 
wilh you 10 cuslumize a pro~r.tlll thaI best :-'Uil!'> 
your persoll:t1 neell'i. 

Ktl/J/tln courses begin u'ilb you! 
• SWI "our nlll~e lhe {!;Ir \'Ou t:J1n>1I wilh 

profc~'ii()nally SlruCl lire!:!. ' up·\( H he-minule 
hllllll· ·Study Illaterials 

• S~·t rour own pan: anti slfl:ngll1cn \\'eakne!>.~e~ 
~ith unlimited :tCcc!'>s l() our TEST N·li\PE 
Learning L:tb 

• Dyn;IInic liw dL'iSC!'> with highly qualilied 
inslruclors 

-----MCAT/G~fAT 
GRE/LSAT 

! STANLEY H. KAPLAN . EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD, 
, I'I'I! !ounk., II . "-'pI.n f.dunli"nalC'1Ik·' I III 

• Personal :1lIC't1lion wilh eXlrJ help tlilOrial 
sc:ssiolls 

• l 'se of 1"i0 Kaplan Centers nal iOI1\\·iue 
• Special rqX':1I policy (ask t()r uctlils) 
• Scholarship assis~tnce (if qualifieu) 
Em'oll nou'! Call your nearest K:iplan Centcr IOda),. 
or call toll · free: 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

CLASSES STARnNG NOW! 
4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 92117 • 277-6744 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

. 

j---------.~----....., 
~ 

ORREY'S 
La Jolla Marriott 

Every TH'$RSDAY 
8 pm to closing 

DANCING TO DJ TOO 
POOL TABLE DRAFT 
BASKETBALL NIGHT 

WELL 
DRINKS $1 00 APPETIZERS 

.----- IS'J.1iiiJ!-tN ----, 
I I 

! 2 1 ADMISSION ! : for with this coupon : 
-----------------

The 

Swimwear in San Diego! 
PORTA DO SOL 

RA ISINS 

PT CONCEPTION 

MOSSIMO 

TOO HOT BRAZIL 

CITRUS 

Pacific BeaclJ 
627 Mission I31vd. 

Park/II!! ill Il!{/r · Opell /().(j ellefJ'day 

Mission BeaclJ 
3777 Mbsion I3Ivd. 
Pl/rillll!! 1IIIl!Itr • O/X!1l /().() £'wryda)' 

-- '4~--!- - ~~~ ~ IrIIIln IllS iii alii recem it I ". . . . . ~ . ~. ) ~ I 111-=-111 . . • 
.1 0 % aar 11w111s1nl I (' ~ (\ S 
L E"". 4I30192 ~ ,. . I ., ,.' j Q 
--------

VCR Extension 
Summer '92 

On-Site 
Total 

Immersion 
Asian 

Language 
Studies 

~ INTENSIVE _ JAPANESE, FUKUYAMA UNIVERSITY 
FOUR-WEEK PtIOGIWI 

•~~=E SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 
Prince Chapel 

by the Sea 
A.M.E. Church 

7517 Cuvler St. 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

(619)459-0272 SlX·WEEK PROGRAM 
Leern to .... IUd and wr1t8 J ...... or Korean In the .. Intena!ve 
"tot.8llmmere6on" progrMW. In eech progrMI hMlve unll. of 
unde'1l""'" degree eredlt or poetgreduatll eNdIt cen be .. rned, the 
equivalent of the ftm y .. r 0' college-level language etudy, 

Participants will be housed with 
Japan ... families to gain greater 

unders~nding of the culture _ 
well as the language. Cost includes 
airfare, meals, accommodarions, 
boo«s, supplies, and some local 

eost includes airlare, meals, 
acx:ommodarion., books, supplies, two 
local tours, and some local 
transportation. 

Fur: transportation . 

Tentative dates: June 24·August 8 

Tuition: approximately $3100 

studmtJ 111M" nwww /If' ~ /Jl4fU Tentative dat.s: June 26.July 29 
draw ""'" to }4f'GfI ur KDNtJ Tuition: approximately $3000 

tJuM _fIli,., 4 """," tnul _i"fful 
J'V1MIIr z.nu"f t~ For "'''''' Infomwlon ,c:alIII.-ton, (714) 717 ... ,02. UnIVWIIty ExtanIIon • University of CII"ornIa • RIv ..... 

Church School 9 a.m, 
Worship 10 a.m, 

"Feel tbe Spirit" RadIo 
Broadc:ut KPRZ (1210 AM) 

every Sunday, 11:30-12 Noon 

Dr. K.T. CaHony, Putor 

"A Church For People 
On the Grow" 



1. SPOR.TS 

MIDDLE ATLANTIC EAST REGtON 

Tom Marshall ...--____ -,.jII .bfIes1eI(24.21 

MIDWEST/ SOUTH REGION 

"RIpon (19-5) 
Wis.·\\Mewater (18-3) 

" DePauw(mJ 
Dmhurst (1SS) 

.-------..111 

M. HOOP 
ContInued from pace 11 
shooter Jeff deLaveaga. The senior 
point guard is averaging 29 ppg to 
lead the nation. 

He is equally as threatening from 
three-point country where he has 
managed to nail 108 treys on the 
season. 

A 7 1 percent free throw shooter. 
deLaveaga had a chance to rewrite 
the outcome of the first meeting 
berween the two. With only a few 
seconds left in the second half. and 
thc Kingsmen down by two, 67-65. 
the Tritons fouled deLaveaga and 
sent him to the line. But the stur 
missed both charity hots and UCSD 
took the garne. 

In the second game between the 
two, the King men took hold early 
and led 27- 18 at the end of the first 
half. 

The Tritons pounded their way 
back, however, as they fired an in-
credible 81 percent from the floor in 
the period to win 83-71 . 

• • . Wesleyan (21·S) 

. MII)WIe (23-3) 

In this round, UCSD will try to 
counter with 6-4 Brad Halle and 6-
7 Rick Ball. The two combined for 
26 points and 14 rebound in the 
first match-up with CLU and 36 
points and 12 rebounds in the sec-
ond. 

VCSD Head Coach Tom 
Marshall said that the Tritons will 
focus on one of two strategie . The 
first would be to key on deLaveaga 
and hope the UCSD big men can 
shut down 0' Donnell in the middle. 
The second would be to control the 
middle and leave deLaveaga a lillie 
more open. 

"We're just going to have to be 
really keyed-up and ready to play 
that game," Marshall said. 

One of UCSO's biggest advan-
tages hould lie in the quicknes of 
point guards Darvin Jackson and 
Rodney Lusain. 

"Both Darvin and Rodney have 
such great foot-speed ... that will be 
a problem for [the King men) -
coveringourpointguards," Marshall 
said. 

NAIL SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18.99 
NAI LS Reg. $35 

$24.95 
Fills $12 Reg. $15' New Clients only 

Flbergl .. s Nalls with TIps $29.99 Reg. $45 
Manicures' PedIcurn $15.95 

Wiling Starting .. $3 
ManIcure, $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

next to Burger King 560-0325 0 560-5081 I 
L NoIVIIid ... .., ___ . Erpltws3/1i1112 .J 
--------------------

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, March 5,1992 

N C A A 

NDRTH[~ST mANTIC R[GtO~ 

At West 
.... U.SA 

1MIICH7 

IIAIICH 7 

GREAT LAKES WEST REGION 

With thatspeed, theTritoos might 
try to increase the tempo of the 
game. 

This year's UCSD squad runs 
well, and a strong transition garne 
could prove to be an advantage. 

Should UCSD make it past Cal 
Lutheran, the road to the champion-
ship won't get any easier. 

The Triton will face the winner 
of the Otterbein-Wooster conte t, 
also on Saturday. Wooster (26-2) i 
the fourth-ranked team in the na-
tion. and Otterbein (25-3) was re-
sponsible for sending UCSD home 
in last season's toumament. 

UCSO and Cal Lutheran will 
square off on Saturday, Mar. 7 at 
7:30 p.m. in the Main Gym. Tickets 
will be available at the gym on Sat-
urday, begiMing at 5:30 p.m. 

Advance tickets may also be pur-
chased at the Canyon view Athletics 
Center on Friday. Mar. 6, between 
noon and 5 p.m. 

Ticket prices are $4 for general 
admission and $3 for students. Chil-
dren under five are free. 

M. TENNIS 
ContInued from pace 11 
Colonials' Andrew Magidaff set 
down UCSD' sJohn Cross in straight 
sets, 6-3, 6-3. 

The number four singles match 
provedtobethemostexciti.ngmatch 
of the day, as the Colonials' Ganesh 
Mahalingam defeated the Tritons' 
Caner Hedrick in three tough sets, 
4-6,7-5,7-6. 

Gene Sang, playing at number 
five for SUNY-Binghamton, put 
away UCSD's Robert Ho in three 
sets, 6-2,6-7, 6-4. With Sang's win, 
the Colonials jumped to a 3-2 match 
lead. 

The Tritons' number six player, 
Vem Yarnell, tied up the match 
score at 3-3 with an impressive 
come-from-behind three-set squeak-
eragainst DoanhQuach, 2-6,6-3, 7-
6. 

After the singles matches ended 
in a 3-3 tie, the deciding factor carne 
down to the doubles. 

SUNY-Binghamton's number 

one team of Munoz and Schwanz 
defeated UCSD's Belloti and 
Hedrick, 6-4, 6-4. Morse and Cross, 
the Tritons' number two team, de-
feated the Colonials' team of Vi jay 
Vadlamudi and Sang in two sets, 6-
1,6-3. 

With the match score knotted up 
at four apiece. the outcome fell 
squarely on the shoulders of the 
number three doubles teams. 

This matchup pined UCSD's 
Yarnell and Ho against SUNY-
Binghamton's Magidoff and 
Mahalingam. 

Yarnell and Ho took the first set 
6-4. while Magidoff and Mahal-
ingam won the second, 6-4. 

The whole match came down to 
the third and final set, which the 
Colonialseventually went on to win 
6-2. 

The loss drops the third-ranked 
Tritons to ()"3 on the season. 

The Tritons' next match is on 
Monday against the University of 
Rochester, at 3 p.m. on the Muir 
couns. 

The "Sun" ;s always shining at 

= Holiday CI. Trim & Tan call45S.t.Ml~~1 
(nearUCSD) 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 
°Flrslllme C/~" .. only wllh thIs coupon. 

~'\\1!!111:... 30 TAN DAYS $29 
c.It Iordel8ll' 2nd 30 lin daya S39.lMI 

l.oIe I" ........... 
European Body Wrap--Only $48 
Not • ~'-Iou· AIduca CIIIuIiIt IIId *-" IIIIIN 

r.---------, 
1 FREE ,,\e 1 
1 5 6 - ..... 1 

... dt rIIII caupan. &,1m 4oS92 :====:&-1... _______ _ 

Thunday, March 5,1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 

Rules and Reaulations: 
-kq nIIlXTU 0\ A.' • I/r.,. II" »Bf Ut ,.\M ~ 

.,nt'OL .. "'-. n.Alf' K1IOtl..IIO_~I:'Ot.UimYOl /411\-,-,,' 
lCSD, IIWOl, ,,'iDfWNi'l"':I lID. StoIIn r.m... ucsoGt .... 
4A.' ""'Cic.,",DI:M OJ 16. U bJA,CA t209}..(1JI6. YtW.' C,,-' 
ALlQDIOP'Il on" lltESroIrs&noa'IIOX,iI,,,. OtlllUIAMlfl1O!. 
l0C4l1D" n. S" Ilf'\,"TO>TD.AC .... PWN JIIIlGY .. 

-Au. UCSD rnDf'!'o'll. SlAtt', -"\It IAnUY.u.tI ~ M 
f.\1(a. f'.xw, tm ClMDA.' HIott' .... -WOU .... 'IJ LWlU' U:) I.W sr. 
C'WAOO "" .... IL-\, 

-n."JllO'Wllf'lfOW:tO'WTTHTlI':"lfOIU!C1''''iwt:u,,,. 
Ofnlt'IC.-..R>'" OIt UJOt<l,..lIlMIN"Cl.A.IJl)n. GlA.'DI'ftlJJ1~\I' __ 
\\0 _" .... 1M 1I.tl.'(NII 0 .. 'tit" Ill! QUI' It 1'11\111) nil HJUAI'fIl"1 
'.U "nrru'-'lot " •. ADaA"',,"ftJ "1.J.n"H.n:a~ .,.-
....... \.f)t,. TI ... fmIlI"l t~1Vf '-Of S8KnD," nil r.M'\D...ur 
. , ......... qJ,_JO)'\jOlUDItI , .... ~.., • 

• ()rI.u IN f'l'Y It. f'I:aso'II ft1t ... u. No ..... ul-fIII(1(Jl OlD 
"~:''''I • V'C • .rno.E,f1lIU lik'natiAl n. Gt-......,.".Y "00' 

·T •• liIlA-.uPlUlt . '" ... "' .... lIfom "flU ~ ........ ,,'O 
AI!U' .. o.rARlf'v.JJWL\. II '''1IH-'MU.IKFJVIi'A , .. ] " ..... 11 
01 NIO.l..OI Ol\tl .n. 01 SODA. AI BJ" , IOC"\JlD" LA JOIl.A 
\ '1l.MO Sol <W-. AUSI or \u . .. ", • .s ..... l,IIIMSllOAr.J·srAC11 
..,n A\DWf\.'lIlS \.IllllOIIIOWIOI:!<"1CA1.,.. mnAl" "'JlB. 

This week's questions: 
1. Who is the highe t paid player 
in MLB history as of Mar. 5? 
l. What are the names of the two 
new MLB expansion teams? 
3. Who is the manager of the Los 
Angeles Dodgers? 
4. As of Mar. 5, which team has 
the fewest points in the NHL? 
S. What is the nameofSan Diego's 
MSLteam? 
6. Who holds the record for con-
secutive MLB games played? 
7. Who won the 1991 Sullivan 
Award foroutstandingamaaeurath-

Iete? 
8. Who is the head coach of the 
San Antonio Spu~? 
t. Where do the Boston Cellics 
play their home games? 
10. Who wiD the UCSD men's bas-
ketball team play in the second round 
of the NCAA Division III tourna-
ment? 
Last week's questiOlL'l: 
1. Who won the 1992 Buick Invi-
talional golftoumament? Steve Pate 
2. Who won the gold medal in 
hockey at the 1992 Winter Olym-
pics? Unirled Team 
J. Name one of the Padres' Cy 
Young award winners. Mark Davis, 
Randy Jones, Gaylord Perry 
4. Which country won the most 
gold medals at the 1992 Winter 
Olympics? Germany 
5. Who won the 1992 NBA Slam 
Dunk contest? Cedric Ceballos 
6. What isthenameofSan Diego's 
IHL team? Gulls 
7. Who won the NL MVP award 
in I 990 and again in 199 I? Nobody 
- Bonds 1990, Pendleton 1991 
8. Where will the 1994 Winter 
Olympic games be held ? 
UUehammer, Norway 
t. As of Feb. 27, which team is in 
first place in the Smythe Division of 
the NHL? Vancouver Canucks 
10. How many consecutive games 
did the UCSDmen' s basketball team 
win to finish up the regular season? 
17 

This week's winner: Tanja Canter, 
Third, Animal Physiology, Fresno, 
CA. 
Runners-up: List of3 at BJ's 

The UCSD Guardian 

SCORE 
tion." 

Yow. Compared to UNLV, 
maybe. But how many Nobel Prize 
Winners were strolling down Uni-
versity Avenue, at lust count? True. 
I doubt SDSU has the variety of 
basketball-player courses (Math 
10D: That Crazy Decimal) that 
UNL V has. But give Jerry time. If 
SDSU ever let him in. he' d certainly 
try. 

Evidently Jerry's confused the 
fact that SDSU has a losing basket-
ball squad with the idea that it has 
high academi standards. True. that 
method of reasoning explains thi. 
year's Califomia basketball team, 
but not SDSU. 

Maybe Jim Laslavic's a Tark 

supponer for his own personal rea-
sons. Urn. like perhaps wishing that 
he could cover a winning basketball 
team of some kind before he be-
comes as old as Bob Dale? 

Tark can be a winner wherever 
hegoe - there'snoquestionabout 
thaI. It's the way he wins that both-
ers me. 

Right now, it's the UNL V play-
ers who are wearing the black shirts. 
But if Tark comes SDSU's way. 
then maybe it will be time for the 
SDSU faculty association to also 
invest in black. Either that. or con-
sider moving to a new institution, 
one with a fresh commitment to 
integrity. 

Hmm. How about UNL V? 
A forLaslavic's hopeto covera 

winning team. I can only say this: 
though they're j llsf Division III. 

SPORTS 15 

UCSD'smen'sbasketbaliteam(22-
4) has won 17 games in a row and is 
nmked third in the nUl ion. Not bad at 
ull. 

And, beller yet. they ' re pluying 
theirsecond-roundplayoff game (af-
ter a first-round bye) he,.e. on the 
UCSDcanlpus.againstCai LutherJll 
(15-11 ). 

Easy for the local stations to 
cover. And easy for UCSD students 
to attend. 

Thut's a hint. folks. 
And when you' re there. give a 

hand to Tom Marshall. 
ure. he bears some similaritie, 

to Jerry Tarkanian: they've both 
expressed interest in SDSU. and 
they both win basketball games. 

Beyond that. however, the simi-
larity ends. No black shi rts nece,-
sary. 

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from page 11 Fencing Takes First 
to Andrea England. 3-6, 6- 1. 6-0. 

Commenting on Wilbur' s match. laPlante 
said that although Wilburplaycd a "gre:u" first set 
and "continued to play well," England came on 
trong in the final two sets. particularly in the 

third. and just couldn ' t miss a shot. 
Pam Haas. coming back from a bruised calF 

muscle, played number six singles For UCSD and 
canle up short again ·t Shannon Bean. 6-1, 6-2. 
"[Haas' I leg was fine. She was having a little 
trouble with her backhand," LaPlante said. 

In doubles, the Tritons managed a win at the 
number two spot as Chandler and Wilbur beat 
Peete and Taylor in an eight-game pro-set, 8-6. 

Nicolas and Nicole House, playing in the 
number one doubles position for UCSO. were 
turned back by McClure and Tumer. 6-1. 6-2. 

Haas and Gessford paired up at number three 
doubles for the Tritons and were downed in 
straight sets by Dean and England, 6-0, 7-5. 

TI1C UCSD fencing team wnl.pped up its regular 
seasoll onSunday. traveling to Long Beachtotakeon 
Occidental and Cal State Fullerton. 

The women' s team finished its season inthe same 
place it staned - in first place. The Triton women 
finished off conference competition with a perfect 
14-0 record and the conference litle. 

The Tritons were led on Sunday by Yumi 
Nishiyama, who went 5-2. while Moriah McCauley 
also tumed in a strong perfonllance, fini shing the 
meet at 3-1. 

The men were not as lucky as their compatriots. 
ending the season at 8-6. good enough for fourth 
place. 

UCSD was paced Sunday by Aaron Shebest who 
was untouchable. recording a perfect 6-0 record. 

Chris Moody and Uri Feldman also were leaders 
for the Tritons, each compiling as- I tally on the day. 

- Gregg Wrenn 

The Comic Gallery 
4424 BIIbcNI Ave. 

SIn DIIIO. CA 92117. _ 01 BIIboa .. 
a.-t Dr ... at to LIIctI, M.tcet 

(819)483-4853 
946C).G MlrI Mesa •. 875-8 No. Broadway 
... DIIIO. CA t2126 ~, CA 92025 
.............. Center AIIIIftaoII·. Center. 
(619)578-9444 """-r .. w .... wtan 

(619)745-5660 

COUPON VALlI> ONLYAT't 

BE."tlED'S VERMONT'S FINESI'· ICE CREAM @ rnOZEN Y03.01<T,. 
I 4150 Regents Park Row near Anthony's 
I 587-3680 bp.Wl1 ~ J 
L- - - - - 'VT~O';: ;r;~D7.IIJ7! ~ -



16 

M_ch Madness 
Hits Campus 
1M Siaff develops 
playoff picture 

I 1OOI..1oI00mmgII001 ond_...-_ 
'OOtII ~but ... IN SIIII fwIIttIM"'1nooI>r\g 
_ on _,...,_ 10 DO h _ eornpM'" 

_playo/f_ F .. _luckyH10'_ ..... 
_M 10 "' __ . M,_IO_1hnIor>o 
~_Ior"'Iong'*_ Altwsquadl 

cit""',,,,, Ilt ..... """"" rollOOpl_ ... no" 
_. 

RrsI ..... AMA ... ..... 
Tho .......... WI N. ha....,. boon AM bU hoquarto<"'_ 11'_ .. _ .... _ 

uncharIod Itrntory W, ondod 14> • ,ecord 10 
It~OI._ ..... '~_.A Ahof. 
Iow_OIp1ay It""I)h • __ IfIIIhII.,.. 
.... ..,... ....... WIdbaggIng W <0 loams ... 
_ WI ... pr-'IO .. " h~"""" 
r~. alUm., pQy 6 QMIft 111 ont WIIi A whCJ&Il 
...... ., ... _ No y 

H "",",haW _ talO'" nrghl IlIA ht<u_1Ilt 
tJgh 1" ___ "'" ILl OIl_ClInt", WI" 
Everymon. __ bumIIl4> ..... __ 
.-MA __ MMIIId __ M._MA 
FprIlltA_ .• IIlS __ rnroMI_·NI 
_ '" .. 2nd WI _ teague) and A 1'- .... 

3-d or.", WI .... 1oIgut) W. ",I "..., for.,. 
irsI __ 5_'_ I~S'O ' 
Irdor) ond ...... bra ..... MAA~ 
ArsI round btginI --, ....... I, C ........... 
=-oct on s.-, IItn:II 15 

No need 10 ." .... OJ 001'" bog pan) roIoog 
EVOI'f 0_ play a' .. , 'ound IIM"' on Slnlay 
IoI.lrtnS NOdOI.Cllyout .. arn DO playng ... bInoSlO' 
_trl ..... ,CAl ramal IoIgut play AI h pia"", 
............" ...... 1oilIt down • eony.",.... so 
pr .. -.10 1,nd .......... .".,_.yout .. arnluckS 
o/f !Aarth __ F .. .,. _ISle. "'" can cn.r 
,... socono.'" hid _ u .... 

A'oc""'S ..... Iltllondod000on.dtyll.ll0l 
cnarnpoonsnop tIC""" on SiIncIay MoIen'5 nil goIS 
ITdor Wily at '2 001100II .... "'_',blltma!Chup 
andlhe_". berocMgun -..9.30 ...... .". 
' '''MfMAA'''''''P.''_ S1~-'0I11' al 
__ """'-'1'lO .... ty • .."lhI.....,....'"'*"" 
Tho conI_ ....... 1. "aSCII 
....,., AMA: Tho ,NIy SIaC 14>1$0 IwO _ rae. 
lUUPS ptowod hOIJgIl teaguo play ~.""", ...... 
''''''-IIhIMy,,tII .... Ihan~Wl301 ... 
""""III I_'-byon_oIS_) 
I<mwr9 _lOwn ... _ ... lIIIypoy .... _ 
down .... ,ood Only CI1I ..... ".am _ toaguo 
play undflta.ed and 1101_ ON WIl.1ll PACE Thos 
&quad poltd 14> I1tar1y SOC! poonIS WI 6 gamfS. 11u1_ 
'- 'ealty pWled ~ oquad. " _ 
toaguo? T omt _ .... GIJtS/Ol One noIlooIo 
far for cancIodaiM 10 """" on .,. """ .""ISI ll'4 
GARBAGE MEN COII .. 1t. bU go on ,acabOn""" d 
""""" lim. 10 play dol.... Ryan ~ ..... his 
SUSPENDED dIi> -"""""'sI"'''' allrndo of ... . 
'en. but....,,..... and play 0 I.cIs of Idol _ II 
borg lIdonEfllZEEKNOHandTEAllGORDO 
~ .. thalrt._.5mangamo Tht<larll_ 
""lcouIdllO\l,an~lI1IybeWRISTWATCHERS 
Thoy •• too smaI'-lIUt '-agr ... -... 
of p<ds "',,,..,. """ you guoss<lQ 
..... ·s MI.: From II "" l1li1 _II .. looks • you 
canl!1aJl.,lhosono BuI.""'_'I ..... lvSl.""loam 
'*'ng""" "" blue rUron'" notllt LAUSY HACK· 
ERS Sur,."..,.ilSSOd WI.., 1M rOCORI ~ "......1Wld 
'"""'" Mfyont """.teague. bulIleYII,1OII ar<l 
"" gol .,10 lOlA routil <hal "post .... lick ., 
dopIn M .. LAUSY ... _ I .. "" IlptrlOlU or 
ELDERS RE~ENGE 111 vauil "*" III ""'" "'0 ""I,nal lou' TJ', crushtd .... of .,. _ M __ .... 
_bUl ... v • .......,talantlll ..... p'-. .. any 
game CAN,. STOP THE DUM< and CAPTAIN 
FOGCUTTERS ""'*' .... 1Mgues ",rtwt I 1IItm· 
." and II10Ud also be 1II011lCt I .. Ile ...,,'. Thoot 

The UCSD Guardian 

FLOOR HOCKEY Pla,oflPrevitw 
.... ·AAA· 
' . ... JU.-H I. ............ ... 
1 ........ CIuIt,.z., to CIIIIII ....... I4-' 
........., MIr .... ~clllllltallndlrlWll·GI .. ~ ......... _ 
.. 1IIm_ ....... ..., .... ...., ............... a...,.r ..... KitM. ... 
by ... lI'gaI ..... I<icbDlllal ....... ,..,"" ................ I<icb ....... .... 
..... _ .... l ................... UCSOaltocUy ____ .... ...., 
_. And .... 1CadImIc...., ... 1D ~c.IDod ...... CIIdIIAnd .... 
..... TheyI1lflt_IO_DIII"' .......... SiIIIIIlCIIe... ... • .. • •. ., ... by_ goal. WIt ...... a ............. QIIIIt __ by ... goal...,,.... .. 
bono/-' _at .. ,.., . ...,,.... "pili. You QUIIIId l e-__ 
1111...." ... 1UcIII 

IlPllAA 
1 ....... III ... M I. ........ !MIII H 
1 ... 1111111 ...... , to DIWIa. 1+, 
s. DIIIa).1 .. ilia.,.. ...... , 
7. ,...... •• HaIIdIy Hoi ........ 20 .. , 
I. Iey ... n. HIMId N-I to. ...... 1111 CIItI N 

1'NIICIIoII:n.~IooIII..,.apen ............ "'SII*.IIID1 ......... ·A·1tIIiIIon. 
They aMy ouIIaIrod tIw ......... 3S.a ~I ~ .. _10 IINtIa w.,... So,. 
GRRAAA They 11M lain. brrng .... _ sadra. .... _ hocIIIy ..... 1n 'M'?! """""', 
Hofiday lIaS finally ___ p ond IlIOYod DIll ""A' hadoI\' tar .... _1110 ytft • 
._bMn ..... gup. ldanl_,.., __ ......... lilt Danlc..n_ 
hal on outsirlI cNncII, *II' ooAIide. 
1111 WIInr: ...,.. .. QRRIIIIII 

IIPII'A' 
1. 1IIr"'" 44 Z. ~ C11tng1144 
S. ,.... .. GoApin4-G 4.1'IICIdIII 0NIIJ.l-1 

5. T.~J.l.1 .............. W 
7. oIIny·alOdlJ.l-l .. 1111 ..... 201-' 

~: lII ....... hS_ ... div*Ilol ........................... We 
mooed -1IIlbIOoM up 10 'M ' bII_ .. III .... l.IIdIrV" pnde .... flly 
PudIIIrs. They_donwIaIod~ondloc*" ·MA·..,III ..... 1ar .... ,..,. AlIa 
irI .. CIrde 0I1iWdIIggIr11a ... W'IIO AQIIl. II ... ___ .,.....,Of WNItI HoI! 
I!IIn\' yNB ., 'A' hoc:IIey _1 HoI! 1IJoIl .. _tar I....,.... ~ ~ We 
"u. af¥lI1I from c..1IdIla born ..... ......, lid! in hirhon1 1 .... ...-.... 
10 WIll. But..., mer be ~ SO how cUI I pict 1I1Im? 
1111 WInMr: PucMnt ONII 

WOIEIrSAA 
1. HIIcMr SIuII M Z. IICIIIXOB., 
1 ...... · 1111~,.1-1 ............ , 
....... ; n-.noprtebonhlf. GoOll .. ,.-.,ond1lllllltRlnc:lt·on"HacMy 
SUs. TheM SIo* do",.. _ julllooI arm. They 1lIIY 0111 hIcII "'I game 01 hadoI\' Try 
twty.M pillar 10 CI1I gooI ..... lilt llltodr ... ..., ~ 
1111""-' .... U ICIMog 

__ WI along _ can ""'" 11'1 .,. on T\JI18O 
PliAU.US 
1Ion·.AA:Twfly ......... 1oght."'Wltt>s_ 
_..- ... __ 1IOng" IhoI -r ... 
....".., ." .. 2nd ., ..... INgut ThaI"""'-r 
.... ,...,. .... od or """ fUll'" toos AI.,_td 
oquads "'" dodn1 belong compot~ II "" ,ter_ 
_ "hllst pIaC, n you "" """" N. can scor •• 
_WlllA8EASTS"",,_""""~4&4 
"...... ._ .... you on. _RADIOlOGY PUS 
_.lIOII you _ onty9M"ll14> 192 lOCOM(). 
TIVE I-.l d1t basi """""'" and _ solei """""' 
bofl trds of Ile 1100< and IhouIdbe.-OIIlCt ... Tlulday 
"9U ,.,,.,. Tho basi ,.,." II hS ..... 1lIIY Ilt 
TROJAN SABlES ..... hold ~ 10 27 _ III 
"""'II Thor ... onty CI1I wr 10 dncnbt ... _ 

---....,·IA: Talk aI>o\A a grill> big ThIS group_ 
_1101 bar..., made ... playoffs .. 1M _1_ 
W. should alii Bot ..... & Baity 10 p..t • 11<11 an "'" 
...... Tht 3 SIOOgtS could gil,...,. 01 m.,"",from 
h Sf1Oo9OIIS NI """ lIS _ • .,.,. at .... allan. 
Ro4o UII.OOIy ...... 14> WI'" QlIrndo 01 __ " ..... 
_ .... of .... """OII Al ..... 20cU>s k.cI<.boll. 
...... """rlYtl"""wr_ .... IinalIOII 
-.. havoIOS1Ond ... "" podtJrnll'1O ........ 
_td lag. Tlvow allIlt ........ .,. hal and pocI< 
........ YI4>. """ ·Syour"","" Oowt,oaIynoed 
10 play ...... gam .. 1 
...... , 5-.0. UndIf : T .. 1Oam.! have .....,_ 
rated _ ~am "" paciI., If1s "-<rl The 
hIgI1eS1 sconng leam. SHOAT & SWEET also plays 
..... ofhDostdt' .... Tho, ""_SIt UmEMEN TATES., "" ___ lporloa 
7-0 r,..q, ..... _ ... 1lqVl0l ... _ 
league SHORT & SWEET _ and be Tht 
could DO a snoolt. rATES can'_ 
_'., LaOos baskolbll ........ been mort 

__ Fpr""InI .... " momory lhIrunbo< 01_ 
__ "* hmod outforoedlhtcr-. 0I3~_ I.""""" 111 rrtUlUll2j. No_andftjlfedplay 
..,.,.,...,.... d1t growIh 01 ~ 10 _ •• 
""'" .....,...u _ W"". runbo< 01 quoiIIy 
...... _ '"'" lit pIoyoIIs. KIDS OF NAlSIMTH 
tw 10 lit _ed ""........ They"'" gr .. 
_ and._____ a.- _ 's LIZAIIl'S 
ClAN , • ...., IIIgut pIay..- and _ "". 
_ ....... -. Ont_oquod __ . 

22' OVERr.p..t ..... """'""_ ... 
.... Iocustdon. ..... anyonowhowtllilltn "Wily_' 
... r.onIIodr Wlong 1PO'191f1 
Cold u.:L.U ... _·.A~ __ . 
cotd bIcomts IOI11Ihng of. hybndcom. ~ Imt. 
ll'4bt11_ ... _rlIO""'_"'_ 
quaIifItts ....... " A. lilt _ ~ IYOugI1out 
... cotdpta,oIfs AocIoLauwtl_lOgeI"'_ 
..... od ... ~ Sunday .. " OUR GlR.S 
O\,N( ~ . ..... ~cIlqts ""Y 
noI_ two 10 NId t. btI1 "'-'14'''' "" ..... and 
Ny mogilI noI tvtn mIkIlle bog drn;o. _ Ny 
_od 565 _ ... lit __ ahooong onty 

2S'lf. ~"'" "" I100r _. ,til mystery. DI.C AlL'() _ 
_ bIIW aI>ouI puIlIng« 14> IIId _Ilt IIlIUIld 
... "",.... OUI..IA e.\U IIiIYod WI obtcIIlIy " lhI 
_lIlHgUt. tlullIod.1Gid yMf' rnI-..o not DO 
-1IgI'IIy 
Cold A: MosIofhlNmllll"",_ .. l lltadvanong 
10 Ile bog Ifagues" )till IOcom_. SO "'" • onty a QUCII 
C14I or coli" My _ ''I**1Ct • hIIpIU 
r1CUgI1 rnI "" dOI.Cll II S vyng fIIr "" DiIIwtlllt goong 
U1 billVII)' nght ll'4 _ 01 Ills dau may 'II!} .... 
be THREE UVE JEWS _ taIhod • resptCIIDIt 426 
po¥U ...... Y"' RANOOM Il.OPS 1M 14> good 
numborJ ... 0IItns0. tIuIw' nood 10 """'14> e-. 0 10 
ha .. a shot. Danl_, 3 HOT MAMA'S t Ihtygol 
cooI.ng 

Thursday, March 5, 1992 

SOCCER Plo!! Predictions 
TUM II(. ODDS COMMINTS 
MlN'SAIIA 
1. Oazy Balls ~-C 3·2 SIIpnse .,..,.,. you thai good 
2. K'rnd 441 3-1 Haw • Oetending NaIJonaI Chq 
3. Soggy BisaiIs 2-0-3 ~- 1 Dog Iood ISnm althal good 
• . K'rdobaII Rejeds 2·1·2 6-1 0eIIndng ChaI!1IS hive e tong.., 10 go 
5. AIbIrIs Is 2 Whi!IPtd 3-1-1 25-1 Don 'ChoI!e' _ ~ 10 you guys 
6. Melt WillI Balls 2·2·1 ~, NoC IIIOUgh IWs-See ya' 

MIN'S All 
1. Sponad Balls 5-0 ,., WithouI Ount they ~ a d1Ir1ce 
2. Wh1e Trash 441 4-3 fXtf one goal gtYtI'I up.look 10I9l 
3. Sog <ll s.g 3-1-' 3-1 Uy pICk 10_ ~·Donl blow it guys 
4 . .AAln ViIdIz 4·1 6-1 Too old and 100 slow 
5. We Sc:cre 2-0-3 7,1 6 goals 11 5 ganes·11hInIc not enough 
6. Los Rornpemacte 4-1 10-1 Second game toil make or BrNk yo 
7. Pnaprsm 4·1 13-1 Y 0iMlg docs ate in IHfIf the .. heads 
8. 88all& Keep 3·'" 15-1 Don' SCflIch 
9. Bangoo 3+1 22·1 ~Bongoo doo dee doG 
10. Qotc:h Toast 3·1 10lH T astJe squad has great pre·game IM8Js 

MIN'SA 
I. S!ihi1lCllf Sy!I1)I1ony 5-0 2·3 May 1Igh1ell up 
2. Pe!e's f'ortI 4-0-1 3·1 Great '0' and 'O'~y be 1he best len 
3. Rud< N' Rei 4-1 4·1 May 'SoIl n 00A' 
4. Good. Bad & Ugly 441 5-1 MosIIy bed and ugly 
5. XYZ 4-0-1 7·1 Pay 100 I1u::h anenlion 10 outellnlluences 
6. Sin Bill +1 10-1 Won laugh league 
7 Random~1S 3-0-2 13·1 Great BeI10rs pidI-Pu1 your money here 
8. Green Woodies 3-1·1 17·1 Guys Irom ~ at. kom OUI 0I1hrs wortd 
9. He Shoots, He Scores 3+1 25-1 Should be I1'M' ..... .. n 1hey were good 
10. CoOlS Crusaders 3+1 SO-I A lew mort guys & the loss woo'l mIIIII8r 

COlO AlIA 
1. Pene1ra1e & Scote 4·1 ~· 1 'M' chatnps ate over their heads 
2. DUocI\s 0urnIIshi1s 3-2 4-1 ~ is Yety lighl_ their heads ate 
3. CIlid<s O' Plenty 3·2 5-1 The Chicks score-the guys c.1' 
4. Balls & Babes 3·2 6·1 IlhInk this I8IITI .. I WIl 

COlD All 
1. Groin,.,. 5-0 5-2 Won 10ugh league 
2. Pull 00A & 0riII0Ie 4-0-1 +1 HM~scoring 
3. 3OC/oss 4·1 5-1 Very sVong-shO\*! W10 • 
4. Sacral SpaMg 4-1 6-1 Always I'nsh secord 
S. BaIs On Filii 3-2 7·1 MI! 
6. TIrIeI Control 3·2 ~I Too I11II1Y aMlies 10 fiN 
7. Power TOOls 3-2 lOCH No jUlC8-11O WIllS 
8. n. SeidItIUItn 2·2·1 ISO-I Nice team name 

COlO A 
1. 18 left Feel 5.(J 5·2 cant beiMMI ctods ate undefeated 
2. n. Mavericka 5-0 +1 A IiI1Ie saasy 10 say the least 
3. ChocoIaIe Donuts 5-0 1().1 Bonch 01 dips 
4. Cha Chilg 4-0-1 15-1 Th;tI'A III S6S.00{;ha ChJ1g 
5. Don'1 Cum In 00A Box H ·l 25-1 ThIs ItNWn is NO "'" 
6. 0nI1ksn~ 3·1 ·1 SO-I The ~ learn wins 
7. 0nI1ksn~ 3-2 SO-I n. trIMlkef team IIlIlS 
8. Grovelers 4-1 1(1).1 BuGnIn'spO 
9. 0000Ie ().C 4-1 10(1).1 NoC MIl a good bel at these odds 
10. Regular Price $4 $4 . ·0-1 1005-1 $4 $4 

WOMEN'S All 
1. MIsfits 4-1 10-1 Won'l fil1rl10 ti1Ie game 
2. GoaJKWrs 3·1·1 6-1 Goals ... lew and tar be'-'" 
3. We' .. Got No Bals 2·1·2 4-1 NoC realy a prolJlem to SO<:aIf 
4. We Kid! BaIs Again 2·2·1 2·5 Bel the ranch 

WOMIN'SA 
I. CIIiJ Belly 3·1·1 5·2 Yo Betty-This is imrrmmportan1 
2. We Kid! BaIs 2·1 4-1 Into the ~INTO THE GOAl!!!! 
3 n.0iIIars 2·' 6·1 Ate bener 
4. Sidewlndefs 2-3 7·1 Uyptdt 

&1\ COSTA VERDE CENTER 
_IDEO GALLERY 

BJ . s P i -= ,: e r i (( 

BIGGFSf SELEcnON in the area .. FREE PARKING 
NEW -, EASES: FREDDY'S DEAD: THE ANAL NIGHTMARE 

• THE HIT MAN. BARTON ANK _ .. COMINe SOON: 
BOYZ N' THE HOOD . DEAD AGAIN . OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY 

---------------------Bring this ad to RENT ONE MOVIE and 
get a SECOND RENTAL FREEl 

MoncIay Ulru Thursclil'. uprres 3/12/92. 
---------------------CoetII Verde Cealer near Soup Exchange 8750 Geae.ee • 4.17. 

PIazza CanIeI, Del ..... near Vom 3880 Valley Cealft Dr_ • 792-8123 
HCMIII: Saa.-1b .... 11 ..... .,./ Frt..s.t. 11 ... 10.,. 

Sick of cardboard and ketchup? 
Try an aurhentic Chicago style pizza! 

OFF 
lIlY LIIGI PillA 

1'ItRwf1"'W"" r,,,,,,,," .1JfrI1#dt.-f~ I,/lldfr"""'" 
a".,....,"" {h,.l'/" ~_"I/rr:< i NYJ 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr_ La Jolla Village Center 41 ..... 2 
UCSD's orlgiul pl%%erltIlI sIIIl tbe be'" 

Also Inside: 
Win tickets to 
Primal Scream 

H3 
+ 

Things to do/H3 



H2 HIATUS 

Y ou'va been compared to Depec:he Mode. Alan I Wilder! produced one tra k on our EP, As Is, and we went n t a~k him to produ e our entire album, ElJbI1eud. We'requite renowned for 
a vcry minimal. quite rhythmic ~ty lc of mu~ic and 

we wantcd to incorporJte more conventional song ~tru tu res 
and melodie~and so we thought Alan wou ld be 
good for Ihat job. So consequently. being that 
he was involved in the produclion. there is 
some of his sound in enain Imcks. So that's 
where the compari~n is coming from. 
Your original sound Is dII'I'erent than " 
Isnow. 

Originally. we were very tired wi th the 
convent ional rock fo rmat and the ki nd of 
"jangly" guitar pop that was goi ng around in 
Ihe UK (\I the lime and we wanted to distance 
ourselves from IhaL 

We wu nted to slrip our music down to its bare minimum. 
just base, drums, have a very "dancey beat." make it quite 
funky but mixed with the utlilude of punk. Very aggre!> ive. 
but wi th a lot offunk elements in it. So that's pretty much what 
we ltied to do. a very basic minimal music. 
Does your MW popua.tty gel to you or .ver get In 
the way? After all, there Is a .... dIff..ace In 
coming to the Soma dub yOW' ftrst time out In .... 
DIego .... then playing ....... of Depeche 
Mode? 

It does ki ndofget in the way a lot of times these day . There 
are limes when I fee l I ike I'm not being understood as a person. 
which is being thiscnt ity,you know. You're just Irying to say 
to people "like slow down." I would actually quite like 10 talk, 
just lalk, you know, about genemlthings. But it's not poss ible 
because if you walk outside a club and you stan talking to one 
person, and the stage that it is now. then 10 are around you 
instantly. For me, that feels kind of embarrassing because it 
fee ls like you' re trying to be the centerofallention. So quite 
often you ju t stay ba kstage, out of sight until it ' absolutely 
nece:-sary to move and then you move as quickly as you can 
to where you are going. 
You were quoted _ aayInC, .. W .......... out ....... 
In a band was the beat way to ...... the moat 
attention to ouneIY ... " Do you .. c:berIIII that 
attention? 

Yeah. I think everyone does. I can ' t think of anyone in a 
band who doesn't like the attent ion, or all that attention isn' t 
benefi ial to them. Certainly it's good. Like tight now, it 's a 
good ego trip to be somewhere and people actually want to 
know you for whatever reason or want to speak to you. so that 
has to be good for your self-confidence. Especially when 
you're younger and you' re trying to make a bit of a mark on 
the world and you wanl to tind a direction, then it ' good to 
have that around you. 
tIow old are you? 

Twenty-six. llle attention is good bul. .. there are limits 
and at theendof theday you 'restill a human being. Like today 
for instance. the whole crew and band i desperately tired and 
we had to go and do an in-store. You kind of feel really bad 
because you feel like people have waited outside the store to 
see you and you can' t smi Ie because you just feel shattered and 
you feel like a bit mean, you know. Guess that 's just your 
conscience putting demands on yourself but it's that kind of 
thing. Sometimes you just think. "I wish 1 was a postman, or 

The ucsn Guardian 

~~9.Yi~1t, 
~ 
• - with Bon Harris of 

• Maybe the new album, Ebbhead, doesn't 
measure up to earlier ones, but that doesn 't 
mean the band isn't happy with its present 

work or that it has forgotten what propeUed 
it to cult status several years ago. The band 
has grown up and matured. Programmer 
Bon Harris thinks it's about time that its 

fans did the same. 

• 
By MIGUEL BUCKENMEYER 

SENOR STAFF WRfTER 

......... 

Ebb frontman Douglas McCarthy Invites the crowd to 
join In the group's performance at the PrIce Center. 

Thursday, March 5, 1992 

I.JChtnInC Man 
Nltzer Ebb 
percussionist Bon 
Harris screams back· 
up lyrics in support of 
lead Singer Doug 
McCarthy. 

something. I could ju t get up today and be alone." 
You""" also ...... quoted.UJInC. "W. do what 
........ wcMlld .. to but doII't." WhM Is" thai you 
like to do? 

I don ' t know. I think that was more of the case when we 
were younger. We were never frightened to say anything that 
was on our mind to anyone or anything. And we'd never·back 
off. 

There's been social situations where we 've said and done 
things and it 's actually ingmtiated us to the people because we 
were so "cheeky." And we tend to. if we were going to do 
something we'd do it I 10 percent • if we were going to do it at 
all. 

Like. if we were going out foranisht'sdrinking. we'd just 
get completely oblivious by it in the evening rather than just 
going out and taking ileasy. So. I guess like the first album and 
stuff it was like so hard and so fast and so angry, you know. I 
guess it was that kind of thing - no real restraint involved. 
EarlIer I tIIIHIl I ....... ,.. ear, " ...... .-rt of 'tile 
Ebb' _ "1'IuIt'. t8Izer ....., 

Yeah, we shonen it to "the Ebb." 
........ ,.. ..... _7 

We just made it up, As I said in the beginning. the music 
that was surrounding us when we started that we were fairly 
di sillusioned with was this guitar. son of pop. And there's 
been a history of a lot 
of little cliques and 
genres in England like 
the House Maninsand 
all that kind of bands 
that are from Howell 
and then there was all 
this M:mchesterthing 
and we were sick of 
that. 

Wejust wanted 10 
sound, like, European, 
very ambiguous 
where we came from, 
no particular identity. 
So we just got letters 
and words in a hat, 
just jumbled them up, 
cut them up, kepi re-
arranging them until 
we found Nitzer Ebb, 
Y_ ••• tlo .... 
_ ......... 
....... ,..,... 
alHHlt til ••• w 
·rav./t.cll.o" 
..... _7 

Cenainly in lon-
don, it's got to a point 
where it' s just leveled 
everything out, 
There's very little 
musical experimenta-
tion going on 1Ul)'l1l(e 
and vf:r'j linledemand 
for any musical ex-
perimentalion be-

See -. Paee H3 

CONCERT 
REViEW 
Too bad for all the original "Ebbheads" who thought they were 
too cool to see Nitzer Ebb 
last week at the Price 
Center. It was a chance to 
see the band up close and 
personal. The audience 
eagerly waited to erupt in 
ecstatic frenzy to the 
band's "minlmalistic" 
earlier works. They eventu-
ally got what they paid for. 

Fast and furious, the 
band finished with some of 
its harder songs back-t<>-
back. It ended the formal 
show with "Let Your Body 
Learn," "Murderous," and 
• Godhead. " There was a 
slight let~p in the encore 
when the band performed 
·Come Alive," but then it 
returned to the relentless 
rhythms and screaming 
with the show's highlight 
. Getting Closer." The last 
~ -Fun to be HacI" was 
less inspired than -Gettl~ 
Closer." 
- .............. ,.. 

Thursday, March 5, 1992 The ucsn Guardian 

THiNGS TO Do THiS WEEK 
TONIGHT: From now until March 28, the comedy by Robert 
Harling. Steel M~_. is playing at Lamb'~ Playen. 11lcutre in 

ational Cuy. Show. are Wed.-Thun. .. 7:30 p.m.: Fri.-Sat .. 8 p.m.: 
and SaL-Sun. 2 p.m. For more information. call 4744542. 

From now until July. "Anta-ctica," a new IMAX/OMNlMAX 
film. i\ playing at the Rucben II. Fleet pa e Theater and Science 
Center in Balboa Pari.. This film take~ the viewers on a chilling 
adventure through the world's southemmo t continent where ice 
covers 98 percent oflhe land, Join penguins and eal~ as they romp 
above and below sea level. Ticket · are 5.50 for adulb, $4 for seniors, 
$3 for juniors [age 5-15). For more infomlati n, call 23 -1233. 

From now until March 19. 2 photogmphs taken by Sha Ying. a 
photojoumalist from Beijing. People's Republic of China. will be on 
e>.hibit in the Walt~rLibmry at United tates International University. 
on the Scripps Ranch Campus. The photographs, taken throughout 
main land China in 1990-91. reflect the development of Chinese 
CUlture, it!> aeslheticsand ideal '. For more inform:ltioncall , 693-4511. 

FRIDAY: The UCSD Dance Program pre:"enls the Winter 
o.nce festival at the Mundeville Auditorium. Thb will be the first 
event from the DlUlce Progranl since it became an academic component 
of the UC D Depanment of Theater. Cunain time will be 8 p.m. 
Premiere works of modem, jazz and ballet will be included in the 
evening's pre~entation. Tickets to the Festival wi II be 10 for general 
admission. $8 for UCSD faculty, Maff. and seniorcilizclIs. and 6 for 

sludent~. For more information. call 534-3793. 

SATURDAY: Sha He He is Slill touring worldwide. with a 
pecial engagement 31 the Poway Center for the Perfonning Ans. The 

group wi ll sing "a cappella" versions of classic 1950s' rock 'n roll. 
Show begins at 8 p.m. Ticket for the perfonnance are $30. $26 and 
$22. Student and eniordiscounts are availab le. Formore infonnation, 
call 748-0505. 

FIreIIoM. a rock trio. will be performing in the Triton Pub at 
UCSD at 8 p.m. Its most recent album is Flyi,, ' 'he Flanllel. Tickets 
are $6 for studenL~ and $8 for general admi sion. Ticket are $ 1 IllOre 
on the day of the show. For more information. call 534-4090. 

WEDNESDAY: 1M ..... of Lucr .... tickets are being 
offered to college students at a 25 percent discount by the San Diego 
Opera. The discount applies to Wednesday night 's perfonnance only. 
The mre 20th century opera i about a character who questions man 
and his need toconquerand vanquish anything that eludes him. Ticket 
prices are $1 2-$60 without discount, Havequestions? Call 236-65 I O. 

"Book/ Ant~" 
in Annex Gallery 
"Book/Anti-book," a 
colle ti n of book project: 
created by VAllO (Arti t's 
Book) rudent, open 
Monday in Mand vi lle s 
Annex GaUery. The piece 
range from the traditional 
book to piece which are 
almost book-like. The 
show runs through the 
week and the reception is 
Monday from 6 to 8 p.m. 

SOMEWHERE BETWEEN HEAVEN AND HELL 

EBB 
Contimued from page H2 
cause. in England anywa . a lot f 
that J,.inu of "rave," the l11u~i c was 
aim ,t incidcntal t Iheurug clIltur.: 
Ihat was going on around iL 

nd ... 0 the musIc II1cn:a:-.ingl y, I 
IhinJ,., in Englamluoesn 't really hav.: 

a,muchrelevan~y.lt·sbeenJ,.lI1t1of 
a bad.ur p for people to have psy-
chedel ic e>.perien es. It works 
on a cenuin level but people don't 
wanl to have that milch v:lricly be-
cause obviously the drugs they are 

HIATUS H 3 

taI..ing. It'~ a quite lengthy proce, ... 
10 atlain whatever they wanl t at-
tain. And you can keep II g ing for 
quite a long time so they don'l want 
the Illu"ic 10 suddcnly chang.: anti 
become ~Iow b,xlIu:-.e il Will joll 
Ih':l11 OUI of II halcver hale lhe) got 
in. 0 it J,.ind of encourages people 
10 l1luI..e all tll':lr I racks the ,amc. 
What will your future music 
be like? 

We have no real idea hO\\ it'" 
going to ,ountl} cl. But. £/11111('(/(/' .1 
opened ,,0 many I..ind~ of doors for 

See EBB, Page H4 

• All you have to d to win is write down the label S(TClIIII£U/(,/ica • 
• ison. bring it to the Gllar£iiall office by Friday at3 p.m .. and you could • 

win one of th ree pairsoftid.ets to Sunday'sshow at Iguana's (TJ)and 
• an autographed CD. Boy. isn' t this just like lasl week's contesl! '! • 
• Record Co.: • 
• Name: Phone# • 
• Put this coupon inlO Ihe "Officiaillilll lls COIlICSI Box" right away as Ihe • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Special Finals Schedule 

.1ftI SPECIAL GUESTS: 

.... 

BIS,. KISSERS 
117BIWORLD 

April 17 
Friday 

8pm 
UCSD&ym 
"'"" , ... ....... , 

,Y 
South Study Room Only ' 
Undergraduate Library 
Galbraith Hall, Revelle College 
rll"rs. MClrcli ,. 2 .. 

·,1. M.rc. 20 
South Study Room Closes 11:30 pm 

Re-opens 

Co-sponsored by Undergraduate Library, 
the CSO Program and ASUCSD 



H4 HIATUS 

EBB 
ContInued from page H3 
us, ou "now, !.o many different 
~I les ;lIld ~ti ll people just don't 
kn wwhall e peclreallyfromour 
nexi album. We don't . Ihat's the 
good Ihing. It juM seem~ lik every 
year we go Ihr ugh so many change~ 
b Ih personal and professional. 
Th .,e changes com OUI in your 
mus) really sir ngly. 
Do you think tIud the younc-
crowd tIuIt list .... to you Is 

Into ,.. ..... ,...".... 
........... a._tllltt .... 
........ IdnC .... yaurtlnt 
...... , 

I think a lot of the y unger kids 
are more open-minded aboul what 
they're going to hear. ome of the 
older audience seem. to be a bit 
stuck on the very minimal. aggres-
. ive approa h. But the young kids 
seem t have equal energy, if n t 
m re, in a I t of cases, than the older 
audicn Cl>. A recent ~h w that we 
did in leveland, there were li"e I 1-

The UCSD Guardian 

year-old kids . tage diving and tuff. 
h was really fun to be able to do that 
for a kid, to gct them that high time. 
... ."",,.. ..... ,.. ...... 't .. 
to be ......... __ Indo ..... 
....... WllMdoJOll ...... 1IboIIt 
.................. ....ac, ..... , 

Well. Ihat term "indu~lrial " 
'prung up " ind of after lhe fact. 
After wc'd d nc seveml album!.. 
Ihen Ihis indu lrial tag suddenly 
~prung up from M>l11Cwhere. 

It kind of gotcredibililY al a lime 
when we were pulling OUI ShOll'fill/(', 

which I didn't con.,ider very indus-
trial at all. Maybe the first album 
there were indu trial images on the 
sleeve, metalli percussion and so 
on, but with Slum'fillle I think we 
left that behind and just wanted to 
become associated with ourselves. 

If you liMen to like the Rolling 
Stones or the Red Hot Chi li Pep-
pers, you immediately conjure up 
an image of ju I Ihal band when 
. me ne menlions lheir name. I 
think thai's more healthy because a 
I lof peningactsthatwe'vehadon 

pub • ucsd st. $6 • 9.0. $8 
-(dollar more day-of-.how) 

must be 18 or oyer 

p\ain O\d 
LSAi 

preparation 
course 

Thursday, March 5,1992 

our tour. until we hooked up with 
Elhyl Meat Plow, were local acts 
that were imilaling what we'd done . 

I found it quite stifling thatthcy 
listened t ne variet f mu~i " 
Ihen they want to make that nc 
variety f music and it's already 
been done and it's :.on oflike pail1l-
ingyourselfintoacornercreativc! . 
Whereas. if Ihey were encouraged 
to. like, li!>ten I ,if you want to call 
il indu!.trial , if they're encouraged 
t listen to Ihat, rap, jazz, be-bop. 
rock' n roll, then you'd pr bably gel 
a lut more original bands coming 
out, then that would push l1lu~ic 
funher and funher. Whereas. I find I 
il gets very incestu u. .... 

. 

I mean n w thi ~ induslrialthing 
has "ind of sprung up. It would be 
a sell- ut really for us bccau~ we I 
could probably sell infinitely more 
albums if we put another thing out: 
like IThClf Tm{J1 Agel. If it was all 
h avyand tuff, we could capitalize 
on the way the trends have g ne but 
we I ike 10 try and keep honest and do 
il how we feel it. 

You have to stand on y ur own 
two feet, you know. A m vemcnt 
isn ' t going to carry you along. nd 
the more that we do it. the more we 
realize that it is our personalitic!. 
that make the mUl>ic the way it i .... 
What do you want to commu-
nicate to people? 

I think the general message that 
has gone through all our worl. i~ 
beliefin yourse lfand your power to 
achieve something. If you want to 
achieve something and so long a~ 
you'ren llreadingonanyoneebc's 
toes or invading anyoneebe 'sspacc. 
then you should do it 100 percent if 
that's what you feel inside. And 
Ihat's been the geneml message. 

STRING 
CliJARTET 

Introducing 
Ronkin's New LSAT Premium Program. 

Just because something has been 
around for a long time doesn't 
necessarily mean it's good. 

The Ronkin Educational Group is 
an innovative company that has put 
together the latest in research, 
technology, and teaching _r=-.!. 

obtain the highest possible score so 
that you can get into the best law 
school. Because, as you know, 
graduating from law school doesn't 
guarantee a job. You need to 
graduate from the best. HAYDN' BARTOK' BEETHOVEN 

techniques in a new LSAT 
course, We call it our LSAT 
Premium Program and it's 
been designed to help you 

So don't take chances by 
going to an old test 
preparation company. 
can Ronkin today. 
You deserve the very best, 

(619)587-8600 
1 " \I · l.\\,·(, .\',\ . 1, :.1 'I" I 


