
INSIDE ... 
OPINION 

Hope for A.5.? 
Students seem to be 

frustrated - or at least 
completely apathetic -
about UCSD' s student 
government. From a high of 
29 percent turnout in the 
1988 elections, voter 
turnout has slipped yearly, 
reaching a low of 8.9 
percent last year. This year, 
the "year of the outsider," 
A.S. officials estimate that 
the turnout is back to 12 
percent. Students don't 
seem to care, and who can 
blame them? In the last 
several years - with a few 
notable exceptions - the 
A.S. has had a reputation 
for divisiveness and 
ineffectual leadership. 
1l1ere are a lot of problems 
with the A.S., but there is 
still hope. In this issue, a 
few suggestions for next 
year's council/PAGE 4 

HiATUS 

DIstortions 
Mike Ness, the vocalist 

and guitarist for the band 
Social Distortion, has been 
uncompromising in his 
efforts to deliver three-
chord tunes to the masses. 
Hiatus visited Ness at his 
home and got comfy with 
the up-and-coming rock 
icon / PAGE H1 

SPORTS 

Stili Perfect 
TIle golf team improved 

its record to 13-0 on the 
season with a 304-344 
clubbing of Pomona-Pitzer. 
The Tritons had four 
medaJists on the afternoon, 
each shooting a four-over-
par 76. / PAGE 13 

INDEX 
UC News .................. 2 
Opinion ...................• 4 
Hiatus .................... H1 
Classifieds ............. 12 
Sports .................... 13 

Election 
Ballots to 
Be Sealed 
• Outcome of presidential 
election to be withheld two weeks 
pending Judicial Board review 
By Eric Schmidt 
Associate News Editor 

Counting of the ballots from yeste rday'~ 
Associated Students presidential run-off elec-
tion could be delayed up to two weeks following 
A.S. presidential candidate Ruben Duran' s fil -
ing of two complaint " about the election process 
Tuesday afternoon. 

The A.S. Judicial Board granted a temporary 
restraining order preventing election results from 
being tallied until the complaints have been 
resolved. 

According to A.S. Elections Manager Jen-
nifer Flaim, the ballot boxes were sealed. dated 
and signed afterthe polls closed at 4 p.m. yester-
day. They are current ly being held at the UCSD 
Police Department. 

Dur.in 's first complaint accuses Flaim of 
"inappropriate conduct and mi "management of 
the ASUCSD elections," in conflict with elec-
tion bylaws. 

John Pascal demonstrates Wav maga at the Lawrence Jewish Community Center on Regents Road. Dumn also filedaclaim against Mike Holmes. the other A.S. presidential candidate, alleging 
that Holmes fal sified his records of campaign 
materials used. UC5DStudent Brings Israeli 

Martial Art to San Diego 
Dumn declined to comment on the charges 

until the Judicial Board reviews the cases. 
Flaim also would not make a statement con-

cerning the specific events which prompted the 
charges. " My understanding is that it 's confi-By Melinda Hamilton 

Senior Staff Writer 
It originated 50 years ago as a way to 

escape from Nazi gangs, a fonn of martial 
arts which has no rules, and it continued to 
develop as its creator joined the ranks of 
Israel's secret army during its fight for inde-
pendence. 

agencies in the United States as a technique 
for avoiding violent confrontations and a 
rape prevention device. 

dential material ," she said. • 
Holmes denied that any improprieties had 

taken place during hi s campaign, saying, "It 's 
absolutely absurd and untrue. It 's unfortunate 
that a presidential candidate is so unsure of 
himself that he has to re 'ort to unfounded mud-
slinging." Holmes said he is looking forward to 
theJ udicial Board process so the " true story" can 
be told. 

On Tuesday, kral' //Iaga will come to San 
Diego. 

Brought to the United State in 1981, the 
Israeli martial art known as krav maga has 
become popular among law enforcement 

Jonathan Pascal , a Fifth College junior 
and, at 20, the youngest certified black belt 
krav maga instructor in the United States, 
has taught the technique to law enforcement 
agencies. Assisted by Warren College jun-

See COMBAT, Page 8 According to Judicial Board Chair Gloria 
See ELECTION, Page 9 

Colombian Speaker Talks on Economy, Drug Trafficking 
• Ambassador Garcia-Parra comments on pockets 
of poverty in his country, compares to U.S. destitution 
By Lynn Franey 
Senior Staff Writer 

Saying that his country is "fed up 
with violence," Colombia 's ambas-
sador to the United States discussed 
his country 's political and economic 
refonns in a talk Tuesday at UCSD. 

Political violence. which has 
plagued Colombia for much of its 
history, was one of several issues 
addressed by Ambassador Jaime 
Garcia-Parra in his lecture to ap-
proximately 60 undergraduate and 
graduate students, political science 
professors, business consultants and 
other members of the San Diego 
community. Garcia·Parra has held 
the post of ambassador to the United 
States since February 1991. 

Garcia-Parra also focused on 
important changes which have oc-
curred in the Colombian political 
and economic structures over the 
past decade, and problems Colom-
bia currently faces as a re ult of drug 
trafficking in the country. 

According to Garcia-Parra, con-
stitutional refonn has helped to de-
centralize the Colombian political 

sy~lem, which for decades was de-
pendent on a "highly powerful cen-
tral government." 

Now,hesaid,mayorsandgover-
nors will be elected by the Colom-
bian voters, rather than being ap-
pointed by the president. 

Garcia-Parra also pointed out the 
economic refonns which have con-
stituted a "big revolution" for the 
Colombian economy. Such refonns 
also affect how Colombia interacts 
economically with other countries 
in the Westem Hemisphere. Most 
of the Colombian maricet. histori-
cally protected behind high tariff 
barriers, is now open to foreign com-
petition. 

"You can now go to Colombia 
and you can import anything you 
want. except chemicals for the drug 
industry and arms," Garcia-Parra 
said. 

This opening up of the market 
has also been an important factor in 
economic changes in many Latin 
American nations in recent years. 

Garcia-Parra said that President 
Bush has encouraged these eco-
nomic liberalizations and ha advo-
cated both a North American Free 
Trade Agreement, which would 
practically erase economic bound-
aries between the United States, 
Canada and Mexico, and a hemi-
sphere-wide free trade agreement, 
which would lower all trade barriers 
throughout the Americas. 

Garcia-Parra noted that Colom-
bia currently has a free trade agree-
ment with neighboring Venezuela, 
which he sees as a "major step for-
ward" fora "very protectionist soci-
ety" such as Colombia. 

Garcia-Parra also addre sed the 
is ue of drug trafficking, which he 
argues has left a "sequence of vio-
lence," which, along with guerrilla 
warfare, "will not be easy to con-
trol." He said that the Colombian 
government has had a degree of 
uccess in fighting the MedellIn and 

Colombian Ambassadorto the U.S. 
Jaime Garci&Parra 
Cali drug cartels which have, to an 
extent, almost become "statelsJ 
within a state." 

According to Garcia-Parra. 
"narco-tmffic" began to be a prob-
lem in Colombia in the I 970s, when 
marijuana became "fashionable" in 
the United States. 

After the Colombian govern-
ment wiped out many of the mari -

See COLOMBIA, Page 9 



2 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
mOM OTHEt~ C·\\ll'l~ ">[~ 

Senate SUbcommittee Approves 
Proposed 24 Percent Fee Increase 

Despite ardenl student testimony and campus protest. 
the Stale Senate Budgel and Fiscal Review Subcommittee 
on Education last week approved Governor Pete Wilson's 
proposal 10 raise University ofCalifomiastudent fees by 24 
percent and California State University fees by 40 percent. 
The action by the subcommittee presages a showdown 
between the assembly and senate on the issue of student 
fees. 

Earlierthismonth,theassemblyvotedtoapprovea tale 
budget that provided a 10 percent fee increase for both UC 
and CSU students. 

Key leaders of the senate and assembly will begin 
deliberations on the Joint Conference Conunittee in late 
April to iron out differences between the versions of the 
budget approved in the two houses of the state legi lature. 

Both the University of California Student Association 
(UCSA) and Cal i fomia State StucientAssociation presented 
list of budget alternatives to the committee which would 
have offset fee increases and added needed classes. 
However. the senate committee rejected mosl of the pro-
posals. arguing they would want the highest possible fee 
increase to consider in conference commillee. 

·'It·s ridiculous thaI fee increases of this magnilude are 
even being considered when the university has so many 
other altematives possible." said UCSA Executive Direc-
tor Lee Butterfield. 
WlIson'sAppolnbnentofNewRegent 
Raises Questions Among Board 

Governor Pete Wi I son . s appointmentonongtime friend 
John Davies toa 12-year lerm on the UC Board of Regents 
appears to have been made along partisan lines. some 
regents have said. 

Davies, a 57-year-Old Republican and San Diego law-
yer, has known Wilson for more than 30 years. He attended 
the UC Berlceley School of Law with Wilson in 1961. 

Davies replaces Regent Yori Wada, whowasappointed 
by former Governor Jeny Brown in 1980. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Wad&, one of the more liberal members of the board. said 
he is personally disappointed with the appointment ofDavies. 

"It seems to me thal Governor Wilson and Mr. Davies have 
been friends for a long time," Wada said. "II would be a good 
appointment, but I had hoped that [Wilson] would appoiru a 
Chinese-American for this position." 

According to Regent Jemniah Hallisey, a Democrat, a 
governing board should have a balanced political, social and 
educational philosophy. However, "'The board is presently 
almost entirely conservative and Republican," Hallisey said 

Regent Roy Brophy supporttd Davies' appoinanent. the 
second appointment Wilson has made to the board. 

"1 know and respcctJohnDavies, "Brophy said "[Wilson's] 
first appointment went to an Asian-American, Steve 
Nakashima. and John Davies is his second one and I welcome 
both of them." 

The appoinlmcnl has yel to be confmned by the California 
Senarc, although it is rare for a regent appointee to be rejected. 

- KIm .... UCD C .". AIMJe 
Fonner UCSB CIa1ceIIor Huttenback 
Fired by UC After Appeals Failure 

Former UCSB OlanccUor Robert Huttenback was offi-
cially fired by the University of California after his criminal 
appeal was rejected by the State Supreme Court last month, 
according to a UC official. 

Huttenback was convicted in 1988 by a SuperiorCourIjwy 
of embezzling more than $271,000 in state and UCSB funds 
to remodel the kitchen of his Mission Canyon home, and 
failing 10 report the money on his income tax returns. 

In 1989. UCSB Chancellor Barbara Uehling. UC President 
David Gardner and a UCSB faculty review committee rec-
ommended that Hunenback's faculty appointment to the 
Hislory Deparunent be tenninated. At that lime, the UC 
Regents voted to suspend any ruling untillhe court decision. 

The Supreme Coun voted on Mar. 12 not 10 hear 
Huttenback' appeaI of the decision. 

"His termination was contingent on his appeal, so this 
finishes il for us." said UC spokesperson Rick Malaspina. But 
Malaspina added that Huttenback will receive a full pension. 

After his conviction, Huttenback was sentenced to five 
years' probation, $60,200 in fines and 1.000 hours of conunu-
nity service. 

Huttenback's trouble began in 1987 with investigations 
into alleged mismanagement of uni versity funds. A 1986audit 
questioned funds for personal loans, including $104.250 in 
loans to various university staff members. 

The fonnerchanceUor's wife. Freda Huttenback., was also 
found guilty of embezzlement in 1988. but herconviction was 
overturned upon appeal. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Friday. 
Sab.J~. and S4.rdIt,' in San 
Diego CoU1ty: 

/al~~ L::ru li L3J ~ 
Partly cloudy. I Mostly sunny ~~ I Mostly sumy. \.. I earty morning fog. 

.... DIr_ 
W 

Average temper-
atures for "'/air are: 

65/72 
Ron CadlllGt.iardian 

S<lurce: Wilbur ShigeIIara. NabOnai WNIler SeMce 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

Huttenback, who is only the second tenured faculty 
member to be fired from !he UC in its 124-year history, was 
not available for comment 

- ...... FMIMr, UCSBlWIy NaIr,. 

COl ....... by DnId .... , Stl/llWIfW 

Wednn.,.,.,.8: 
11:30 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a computer 
from the Institute of GeophysicsjP\anetary PhysIcs. 
Loss: $2.000. 
2:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of vehicle doors 
from Lot 305. Loss: $450. 
4 p.m.: A student reported burglary to an '86 Honda 
Civic in lot 608. loss: $1,055. 
~,AII.9: 
8:25 p.m.: A student reported the theft of cymbals from 
MAAC 409. loss: $310. 
,....",....10: 
J.i:35 a.m.: A '91 Hyundai Excel was Impounded from 
Lot 303 for excessive citations. 
4:2.1 p.m.: A student reported the burglary of a '90 
Nissan Sentra in Lot 106. Loss: $2,200. 
51dun18y, ,.,. 11: 
1:27 p.m.: A 24-)'ear~1d male student suffered from 
dizziness and headache caused by alcohol withdrawal 
symptoms at his Miramar Street residence. The victim 
refused treatment. 
7 p.m.: A 5J.year~ld non-atfiliate female was detained 
at her Poole Street residence on the authority of her 
psychiatrist and transported to Mesa Vista Hospital. 
Sunday, AprI12: 
5:45 p.m.: A '90 Toyota Tercel hit a bicyclist at the north 
Intersection of Gilman and Villa La Jolla. The victim was 
transported by paramedics to Scripps MemorIal Hospital 
suffering from lacerations and swelling. 
Monday, AprI13: 
9:10 p.m.: A 15-year~1d n Ifl-affillate female juvenile was 
reported missing fl' om Ulliversity Extension. She was 
located an hour and 45 minutes later. 
TUMdIIy, ,.,. 14: 
8 p.m.: A student reported the theft of wheels from her 
vehiCle In Lot 502. Loss: $300. 

During the period of Apr. 8-14, there were 6 bicycles 
reported stolen at UCSD for a total loss of $630. 

Gui\RnIAN 
JASON SN~ EIIIr1t In ChItII 
PETER 1(0, Mal c1 W liM:« 
BEN BOYatUK, 0p/nbJ EIIIDI 
MIGUEL IIJCKENVIEYER, AI8OI:11te ,."",. EtIIIDt 
JAMES COLUfR, ~ &Mot 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy &Itot 
JOSEPH GARCIA, """. EtIIIDt 
MARY BETTY tEARD, Hews EIIIDr 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, A.adD Copy &lit« 
SUE MAPES, A~ PrrtItD &Itor 
MB.. MARCELO, Gtaphfc:s &Mot 
DAN MCDOWELL, PIrDID &Mot 
PHIJP MICHAElS, A..,.,1Ite 0p/nbI EdItor KEN PERlMAN, __ EdIOf 
ANGELA ROYA, Spectacle EIIIr1t 
ERIC SCHMIJT, "MCJCMD News EtIIIDt 
SHERYL WOlCOTT, ".800"''''' &at1t 
WlL&N WONG, A....-c ... ,.""". EtIIIDt 
GREGG WRENN, AsIlOdaCe Spore. EIIIr1t 
_ 1 __ : Illy.., DoH. Jenny Gel .... Mel~ H"';lton . .Iosh 
Odontt.CIw,.R ..... r.lI<ettRhyne._RobI.-,. MichMlSctow..u Paul 
8/sIIop SkibItzke • 
..... _ Debra Bronstein. SteQNnie DentOId. Joenno Donahoe. Ben 

~,", Dan Gebler. Kim ... H",-. 0.., 1IIeu ... Scon 0ka-n0I0. SuRnne 
Phan. Sunome PoNIh. Tracl Powell. John Rice. KanI Salt. o..id s.- Ted 
Sunoo. John Swwney • 
_ --= Chris R.."., 
-= Ron Cedll. R., Kuo. Carin lAW. LellhAnne~. U .. 
MuIYeney. AdriIno Munoz. ~ NeN\lima. !\e1Y Roe. M..c ~ 
" .... r 0: ...... KI)vono<. Soul ~ne. Pout MacQy. Cf'uck NcuYen 
Jennifer Vam. ""'" Zlot • 

~-:--ChianC.-Go\JCIl.--.-Spri __ Mel~_on -
BOB DeANDREA, ....... ,......., 
MICHAB. FOULKS, AdwIttitIItW __ 
MIKE MARlINE%, AIMttIsIIW DIe.,.,. 
E. LEIGH HENRY, a-ftled Rqn •• 1'IUtiR 
-....... 1,=a.t-.1Iei ~ U. .... VoIcMck 
-.....--MIIIa'.--~ Joe Lee. _ Sherr 

IItI \.C3J _. ,...,.. """"'" ... 'IIuIIIIII a-. .. -,..1Ir ... for .. 
_"t.aD.~"","_n .. __ n_ .. ~poot. __ 
irlflll:tll~ Oltl2. ..... _ IItIc.ao_ ... __ ror .. _" 
..-.......... 1II.1III_...-n ....................... _ ...... 
--"" -" .. _ 01 IItIt.CSD_ ... ~"c-. ..... _ 
__ IItIc.ao_. __ IIr~t-.,.._"., ..... __ IIM L 
I*oNI: 1MUeO ........ 0tI0e: 1M 14", Fa: 114-71ft 
IJCSD GuardIsn, 9&00 Gilman DrIw 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
__ , .... - , UCIO --.otc.w ...... 'A' 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

FonnerStudent's Faculty Complaint Ignored 
By David Snow 
Staff Writer 

A fonnerUCSDstudent has gone 
to tate legislators and public offi-
cials outside the university to re-
ceive help in pursuing a complaint 
of faculty misconduct. 

In a Mar. I I letter to former 
Revelle College tudent Bard-Alan 
Finlan, Vice Chancellor of Aca-
demic Affairs Marjorie Caserio 
wrote that a complaint Finlan filed 
against the Music Department would 
not be accepted on the grounds that 
Rnlan was no longer a "member of 
the university corrununity." 

Finlan. who graduated at the end 
of Fall Quarter. 1991 , said he con-
tacted the offices of State Senator 
William Craven (D-La Jolla), State 
Assemblywoman Deidre Alpert (0 -
La Jolla) and Governor Pete Wilson 
requesting their assistance in filing 
his complaint. 

The complaint. submitted to 
Academic Affairs on Feb. 10. al-
leged that the Music Department 
arbitr.uily denied Finlan entrance 
into graduate courses because of 
"political" and "personal reason ." 

The Music Department main-
tains that Finlan was denied acces 
to graduate courses when he at-
tempted to enroll for Winter Quar-
ter, 1991 because of its new policy 
that bars undergraduate from gradu-

ate courses. Finlan had previou Iy 
taken 19 graduate-level music 
course al UCSD. 

Finlan originally tiled the com-
plaint with Academic Senate Chair 
Douglas Smith in May 1991. while 
Finlan was till a student. He said he 
received a reply in January. saying 
that he needed to re tructure hi 
complaint along regulation Faculty 
Code of Conduct guideline ,andre-
submit it to Academic Affairs. 

When Finlan re-submilled the 
complaint in February, he wa no 
longer enrolled. A academic Sen-
ate bylaws state that complaints can 
only be filed by members of the 
university community. Caserio in-
formed Finlan that the fact that he 
had left the university made him 
ineligible to file a complaint. 

A sistan! to the Vi e Chancellor 
Tom Hull said he felt Caserio's re-
fusal to accept Finlan's complaint 
was fair, but declined to comment 
further, saying, "I don't lalk about 
[FinlanJ." 

Music Department Chair Carol 
Plantamura also declined to com-
ment. saying he did not wish to 
violate Finlan's right to privacy. 

Although Finlan said he has con-
tacted state legislators, Academic 
Affairs reported receiving an in-
quiry from only Alpert regarding 
Finlan 's allegations. 

Bard-Alan Rnlan 
Finlan has had paslcontlicts ~ith 

the Music Departmcntlhat he said 
caused the department to label him 
a "troublemaker" and to deny him 
further instruction in graduate 
course . He added that he once lev-
eled charges of invasion of pri va y 
again t the department for allegedly 
"keeping a big file" on him . 

In the fall of 1990. a Music De-
partment secretary called campus 
police after a conflict in the main 
office in which Finlan said that he 
would give the department chair the 
"fight of h is life" if he were not 
given hi gradualecourse telephone 
regi tration code . 

On another oc~ion in January 
See ANLAN, Page 10 
r---------------------------------~ 

Calvin and Hobbes 
loll ~ SI-'f5 . -'MIN. lSlt'l1W>f 
IIb.Jf 1'1[106 C.\Q(\ ..... ~ GIE~l ~ rulf.~ 
III 1CM. '~'/Cl\t . ~~ 'IItIII I~ f~l\:\) 
1M C_\~l(\' ~l. l'- TO <;i.r \II'( 

j u: 1I1G11. IW« <:l' t:r.IR. ,",,~f M 
IC.E4 1'\)~1<1Ii.s 'Ilill. I€~'i 
lIE. _\U;I'kKl£O. · t&RI;.i If: 

I 

by Bill Wattenon 

~1!l~~_~O 
\ r I.OOIS ~\I(E 'M: lUI; A 
~ ~ \>Ie.. 'Il11\\ 1\{ "0>1< 

fm: JIj,>r 
I~i_~ 

If~1) 
ib~ . 

z V) 
« 

V) 
.-S 

-
"'0 C -::l 0 

0:: u ::l 0 
« ;>. ..... ro 
~ ::J ~ ~ 
C) ~ ~ l1J 
:I ;>.. ...... ~ 
I- ~ 

....; 

0 .-a 
« 

~ 
s 

l1J ~ 
~ 

NEWS 3 

••••••••••••••••••• 

CLOTHING OUTLET 
EASTER SALE! 

~w ftrrivalS 
& uther ' WI' 
can't mention! 

Plus many l'educed pl'ice on all other 
great name brand 

5 
DAYS 
ONLY 

APRIL 14th·18th 
Closed Easl., Sunday 

50% -90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

Exchun;;c this uII in tht, stvn' 
fvr all EnSh'r I'g;; that ('ntiU('s 
youlu all ADDITIONAL 

5% .20% 
orf your (JurdraSl! 

Cheap! CIll'ap! 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
APPAREL 
DESIGNER 
Z 0 N E' 

Tues.·Fri. 11 -7 · Saturday 11 -5·450-3323 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 
Tues.-Fri. 11-8 pm· Saturday 11·5' 460-4370 

••••••••••••••••••• 

Tastefully Elegant 
Chinese Dining 
Dine in and Food to Go 
We serve well-balanced, healthy dishes 
We don't use MSG 

UCSD SUMMER 
SPECIAL 

We Cater All Occasions 
e Weddings 
e Parties 
e Business Meetings 

SAVE $5 
I When two people dine and ABACUS I 
I the total purchase exceeds $20.00 3949 GovemOf Drive I I al GeneStt I 

25% OFF ANY size storage unit 
• t ~ N 

uc 
ID 

• 

with this ad 
I 

• .. 
all1:1_Rcl. 
.. ~ 

at 
Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extenSion of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

La Jolla Village Dr. 549·0500 I One coupon 1* CUIIOIIIIf. HOI vaId wIIh 1lIIY 0Iher on.rs. in Vons Shopping Center I Dine in only. Oller expAi 5115192. 587,1188 Mifamar Rd. L __________________________ ~ I 
• 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

c o M M E 

A FEW DO'S AND DON'TS 
FOR THE UPCOMING YEAR 
By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Nationally. 1992 has become "the year of the 
outsider:' Citizens are di satisfied with both 
their govemmenl~ and their elected representa-
tives. People who run lIgaillsr the system. 
uguillsr the incumbents, haVe! been mcking up 
sizable protest votes. 

Republican Pat Buchanan. running again~t 
Pre~idenl Bu~h, colle ted one-third of the vote in 
early presidenlial primaries. Democrat Jerry Brown, 
running again~t Bush. Bill Clinton. and just about 
everybodyebe in government. ha ' done far better in 
the primary proces than anyone expected. 

Past A.S. 
Presidents: 
1977-78 Jeff leifer 
' 7&-79 John Jenkel 
'79-80 Canos Montatvo 
1980 Jeremy Charlton' 
'80-81 Bill Topkis' 

'81~ Jules Bagneris 
'82-83 Henry Chu 
'83-84 Craig lee 
'84-85 Marl< Boroditsky 
'85-86 Mary Rose 

And Associated Students 
Presidential Candidat Matt 
Schnurer got over 16 percent 
of the vote in last week 's A.S. 

election~. 
Buchanan. Brown . .. and 

Schnurcr? It ounds like that 
old Sesame Srreel song: "One 
of these things is not like the 
other - one of these thing. 
d sn't belong." 

N T A 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

R E s 

? 
I 

Alexander 
'86-87 John Riley 
'87-88 Dave Marchick 
'88-89 Maynard 

But Schnurer does belong. 
at least in the sense that he 
was also a prote t candidate, 
an outsider whose candidacy 
allowed people to vent their 
frustration with government. 
Students seem 10 be frustmted 
- or. at be~l. c mpletely 
apathetic - about the 

ELECTION PROCESS MUST BE REFORMED 
By Ben Boychuk 
Opmion Editor Vot_Tumout 

Dimmesdale 
'89-90 John Ramirez 
'9()..91 John Edson 
'91·92 Agustin Orozco 
• a. Member of ·5111)' State: won 
elecbon. res1ene<' at the end Of 
summer 

ASUC D student govern-
ment. From a high of29 
percent turnout in the 1988 
elections. voter turnout has 
slipped yearly. reaching a low 
of 8.9 percent last year. TIlis 
year, the year of the outsider, 
A.S. official e timate that 

The 1992 A.S. elections 
have come and gone, but 
you would hardly know 
it from student response. 
Student voter turnout for 
campus elections has 
declined teadily in the 

The percentage of undergraduate 
students who voted in past A.S. 
elections (1992 figure estimated): 

ever reason, students don ' t vote. 
1llere may be a number of reason for 
this. They simply may not care. 
Apathy i a perpetual illness for 
which no one has found an adequate 
cure. 1lley may not know the 
candidates or the issues. A poorly 
infofllled or uneducated electorate is 
ineffective and ultimately worthless. 
It is probably just as well that these 
students dOIl't vote, especially if they 
make uninformed and haphazard 
choices. 

t • Was " ,S. Vice president: look 
oYer 81ter Chatlton ' s resignation 

percent. 
the turnout is back to 12 

Who can blame students for not caring? The A.S. 
takes $13.50 out of every undergrJduate's pocket 
each quarter, and seemingly spends hours on end 
bickering over how to squander it. Last week's 
council meeting featured a lengthy debate on the 
philosophical implications of tassels. and whether or 
not they qualified as "clothing," The 1991 A.S. 

last five years. in many ways reflecting 
corresponding decline in student 
turnout nationally. Thi year, roughly 
12 percent of the undergraduale 
population bothered to vote - a 
sub tantial improvement over last year 
when less than 10 percent went to the 
poll . 

30% 29% 
25 

20 

15 

10 

5 

o 
'II 'n '10 'II '12 

AS. elections are a strange and 
unusual thing. They happen so 
quickly that if you blink you will 
probably miss them. The canlpaign 

• See FUTURE, Page 5 The simple truth is that. for what- James CoIleliGu<r'dian See PROCESS, Page 7 

You've been A.S. advisor 
since 1979. What do ),OU 
think makes for a 
succeuful student 
government, and what 
factcn lead to an 
unsuccessful student 
government? 

5auI LevV1elGu.Wir/l If you look at the less 
successful [governments) .. . I don't 
think you can look at one person . You 
can look at someone like John Edson, 
and point out the fact that he had an 
agenda and stuck with it and got a 

good portion of it done, and that 
helps ... if you have real dynamic 
leadership, not only with the presi-
dent. but the executives and the 
senators . Probably the most success· 
ful A.S. Councils and A.S . govern-
ments were the ones that everybody 
worked together, no matter what the 
diversity of opinion was. They agreed 
to disagree, and they would keep that 
in the council chambers. When the 
council meeting was done with ... it 
was only business. After that, they 
respected each other and worl<ed 

together. 
And I think that's probably key .... If 

you respect each other, and work 
together, and have the dynamic 
leadership from the top down ... you 
have senators who are willing to really 
get into it and do the things that they 
think are good, and work with the 
executives to see that things get 
done. Obviously, the councils that are 
not the best don't communicate, they 
have separate agendas, there's no 
solid core of leadership, whether it 
comes from the senators or the 

executives or from the president. 
It's really a combination of things . 

You really can't get anything done 
unless you look at it as a whole. One 
person can't get stuff done . 

There .. IImibItIons to wh8t • 
student pemment C*I .... c.nnot 
do. How do you Wnk the ..... of .. 
A,S. CouncIl .tr.ct how etr.ctIve It 
Is' Do councils with wIde-rMc:hIrW 
&OllIs ..... to be t.IIu,.., where 
councils with more specific &OllIs 

See WOODARD, Page 6 

ThUl'S y, April 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

c o M M E N T A R y 

1he Problem With the A.S. Council 
WHAT STUDENTS NEED 
IS A UNION, AND NOT 
PRETEND POLITICS 
By SI ..... M .. 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

~ What is wrong with the AS.? Well, the ASUCSD 

V findsirselfinanichecrearedbytheuniversityandtitled "Student Government Services." Many students, and even A.S. Council members. think that we have a ·'student govenvnem" at UCSD. Yet student govern-ment is a contradiction. 1lle A.S. does noI govern 
anyone or anything. 1lle AS. does not pass laws or enforce 
policies. 

A government governs and manages the affairs of a popu la-
tion. A studem association i not intended to do anything of that 
son. The purpose of a sludelll association is to represe/ll alld 
actively proll/ote rile illlerests of a group of people namely 
sllldel1ls - not to sit around and play pretend government. 
Unfortunately thi i what various AS. members end up doing 
with most of their time. 

At UCSD. we have a "student govenvnent" with a constitu-
tion like that of a real govemrnenl Its structure is based on 
division of power and checks and balances. We have three 
branches -an executive, a legislative and ajudicial branch-
rather than having a structure based on unifying groups to work 
on common goals. That's why we have a bunch of "Furure 
Bureaucmts of America" itting on our A.S. Councils who 
pretend to be important, but mostly waste time and energy. 

Other universities have tudent unions. 1be word "union" 
clearly delineates the purpose of representing students to "man-
agemenl" It is clear from the name that the basic concept of a 
student union is to represent srudent interests to higher authorities 
such as the university administration, the regents, the state 
government and so on. 

This is the basic problem with our A.S. The underlying 
assumption i incolTCCl Bright energetic people show up in the 
A.S. offices in order to get involved and make life better for 
students in gener.ll. but they are turned off when they find out 
what council does with mo t of its time. 

During the elections filing period. a woman canle to the 
offices and a~ked about getting involved. She asked about being 
a senator, so the AS. secretary handed her a copy of the A.S. 
Constitution.Shecamebackhalfanhourlaterandsaidthatitdoes 
noI sound like senators do anything useful. So I told her how 
senatorsspendmostoftheirtime-going to meetings and voting 
on items. She asked if there is anything pro-active involved in the 
A.S. I answered only if you take personal initiative. 

In fact. theAS. Council usually finds out about what is going 
on after the fact. 1lle A.S. executives were told about the 

FUTURE 
ContInued from page 4 
presidential election forced us to pick between Paul Varin 
and Auggie Orozco. which is a bit like picking between 
Ish/ar and Jaws: The Revenge. If those are my two 
choices, I'd just a soon leave the video store and not rent 
either. 

How, aside from having presidential candidates who 
advocate a few administrative assassinations and the 
passing out of hand grenades at TG ,can the AS. remake 
itself into a powerful organ for change that isn't ignored 
by the students? 

Here 's one outsider's suggestion for the A.S.: 
• Do set realistic goals. Often, AS. Councils come in 

with incredibly broad and unrealistic goals, what AS. 
Advisor Randy Woodard calls the desire 10 "save the 
university." The 1992-93 A.S. Council take note: there is 
nothing but failure waiting down this path. 

AS. governments, one way or another, seem to get 
eaten up by their own agendas. It may be that different 
agendas will lead to a divisive council , one that can't get 
any work accomplished. Or it may be that a council sets 
unrealistic goals for itself, spreads itself too thin, and ends 
up getting nothing done. 

The model A.S .. then, is probably the 1990-91 council. 
the one led by President John Edson, Vice President 
External Molly McKay, Vice Pre~ident Administr.1t ive 
Ruben Durnn and Vice President Finance Sergio 
Langarica. TIle council had a very specific '>et of goal-;, 
and didn't fall prey to the bickering and divi~ivenc~s that 
tore apart other counCIls. 

The A.S. can' t change the world III one year. What the new 

Ron CadZiGuardian 

hutdown of the Student Credit Union after the decision had 
already been made. 1be only time when the A.S. does anything 
pro-active is when really motivated individuals show up with a 
specific plan of action and they do it on their own as a member 
of council. The woman saw no point in being involved intheA.S .. 
so she left (unfortunately). The A.S. is not set up. much less 
treated.. as a pro-active organization. 

So weend upwith a bunch of"bureaucmphiles" who want to 
pretend they are a government and that they aredoing . mething 
important. People with their own nanle tags, business cards. 
plaques, offices and titles. People who liketoplay politics. People 
who treat the whole thing like some big game. 

1llere are some motivated A.S. mcmben; whodo a lot of work 
out of pen;onal initiative. but many end up doing more work for 
their college councils than for the A.S. The rest are a bunch of 
resurne pudders. 

Even if we wanted toplay government, wewouldn't have any 
real basis to do it. The A.S. does not even control its own funds 
or assets. A.S. Council voted to dOlkllC $600 to the co-op defense 
fund. The administration just said "No, you cannot do thaL "The 
administmtion could quite conceivably freeze all A.S. alloca-
tions (which it did in 1974) and even prevent the A.S. from 
making copies. 

As the elected VP Extemal. I was kicked out of the A.S. 
computer room in the middle of my work several times last year 
because they wanted to close down the Price Center, and students 
are not supposed to stay in the building after houn;. Only after 
some severely nasty memos from VP Administrative Mike 

A.S. officen; mllsr keep in mind is that while they can make 
some change, one council can ' t remake the face of the 
university. A council needs to pick its major issues. the 
important subject that tudents care about and wi II fight for. 

• D Oli' rlet personalities and personal vendettas get in the 
way. People will alwaysdisagrce. The problem with so many 
A.S. Councils is that members carry grudges out of meeting , 
and those grudges end up preventing those people from 
working together. It 's a danger with every organization. But 
when it comes to a small organization like the A.S., such 
divi iveness will sabotage any chance for an effective coun-
cil. 

• Do work to improve faculty/undergraduate relations. 
Woodard believes that one of the key areas that student 
government needs to focus on is faculty/student interaction. 
He's right. On many subjects, students and faculty have 
similar priorities, and might be allies. The faculty, in general. 
focuses on graduate students right now; the AS. needs to 
work with faculty members to make them care more about 
undergraduates, too. 

The faculty-populated Academic Senate and the Com-
mittee on Educational Pol icy are the two arenas with the most 
academic power at UCSD. If students want to see a "dead 
week" (or even a "dead day") policy instituted, they need the 
support of the faculty. Likewise, changes in grading policies 
(such as pushing back the "W" grade deadline) must go 
through thi body. 

UCSD is split into three major decision-making group : 
. tudents, faculty and administration. Making the faculty 
sympathetic to l>tudent cause~. and vice ve~a, would give 
these two group~ leverage in dealing with the admini~tration . 

• DOI,'r .Ibandon \hip without thought for the future. The 
J...ey to mal...ing any A.S. effective in the long run b to make 
~ure that ~hen one )ear'~ group ofpcople have lompleted 

Holmes and UCB Gaair Molly McKay did we get "special 
penni ion" for specific individuals to be able to stay in the 
offices after hours. This is utterly ridiculous and it needs to stop. 

Some students need to find a lawyer and sue the administm-
tion for control over our assets. You don't need to be a member 
oftheA.S.; youjust need to take the time to do the leg work. Most 
of the current A.S. members who are interested in doing that are 
bogged down in other work they have to do. 

AS. CoWlCiI members are often convinced by their own titles 
that they are better than other students. 1lley think they know 
more about the issues. they understand the issues better, and they 
really know what's going on. 

Council meeting structure is screwed up. General students 
can only speak during a brief period at the beginning of the 
meeting entitled "Public Input." After that gener-.lI student~ can 
peak only if called upon by a council member. N n-counci l 

members are supposed to sit in a little audience section sepaC'Jte 
fromcouncil,sotheycan watch theall-important council at work. 

For exanlple, take the "controversial" Victor Niebla\ up-
poinmlent to lhe regi trution fee committee at the beginning of 
this year. Council members spent aim st two houn; discus~ing 
what Nieblassaid, what NieblasmearJt by what he said and what 
N ieblas believed. Niebla.~ was present in the room. but he wa.~ not 
able to speak on anything because he did not have "speaking 
rights." Occasionally someone would yield him time, but it was 
just not enough. 

The council d n't do anything about any issue student~ 
might mise because council rneetings are not set upsothm issues 
can be presented and specific ~Iutions and plans of action 
discussed. There is a period called "Coundl Caucus" designated 
for lhat purpose. but nothing constructive comes out of these 
caucuses except for a whole lot of verbal ego gmtification. 

TIlC ~tructures of Univen;ity of California Student Associa-
tionand UC SantaCruz's Student Vnioll A-;sembly are set UpM> 
that almost anyone can bring an issue before the group: then the 
group discusses tllC issue, what position to t,\ke and what specific 
action~ to take on that issue. For A.S. Counciltodbcuss an issue. 
the issue must be pre!.ented as a bill to council. Then counc i I can 
eilherpa'iS it ornot. Students cannot bring an issue be fOIl! counci I 
and have the council discuss it wld find some solutions. 

A.S. Council is separated from the student body, placed on a 
pedestal above ~tudenl~ and made as inaccessible to students a~ 
possible. We need to restructure theA.S. with bylawchlUlges ruld 
Constitutional runendments. 

Inten..~ted individuals need to get involved. write up tllC 
ChWlges and submit them to council. Unfortunately. in order to 
change this sy~tem, we need to do it from wi thin. Students voted 
twice on referenda calling for the AS. to have a COQ~titutional 
Convention to revamp the whole thing. The Im,t time was tlm~e 
years ago when it passed by a two to one margin! 

Personally. Ianlgoing to besubmittingvarious changes 10 the 
A.S. during the next year. The past two VP Extemal~ have 
resigned publicly and bitterly. I see some hope. so fat chance that 
I will resign also. 

- Siamak Malek is the current A.S. VP External 

their time in office, a new crew is prepared to step into the 
breach and continue their work. In some ways. we de~pi~e 
our federal government for being like this: there are alway~ 
government hacks to provide some son of continuity. be-
cause such people never leave government. 

Sure, there are A.S. hacks who are in itlo pad thei r resume:, 
but - unless they 're a seemingly-perpetual "tudent. like 
Schnurer- they'll be gone from the A.S. in fouror fi ve year" 
anyway. Student government isn't like the U.S. government: 
a lack of continuity is always a danger. The disastrous 1991 
election followed an incredibly successful AS. Council. 
Evidently. nobody wanted to run for A.S. positions because 
they dido't want to follow in the footsteps of Edson and 
company. 

This, not the image of senseless bickering, is the true 
danger to student government: a lack of committed students. 
Each year's council, in addition to picking its key goals and 
working hard to achieve them, must instill prospective coun-
cil executives with the de ire to pick up where the current 
counci I has left off. 

• Do let the A.S. try to make something out of it elf. 
Schnurer's candidacy hada "throw the bums out" flavor to it. 
While Malt is a fascinating personality, his campaign wa-; 
fatally flawed. There's no need to throw out the AS. mem-
bers - every year. they keep throwing themselves out. What 
we need is to keep some of them in, to keep the ball rolling. 
If we don ' t, we 'll just keep getting A.S. govemment~ that 
know how to do nothing but bid.erover $20 funding alloca-
tion~ . Afterthe A.S. ha" some continuity . wecan worry about 
throwing the bum~ out if we di\agrce with their ~lCllon., . 

At fiN glance, Schnure,·., prote,t candidacy .. cemed to h.! 
perfect for I 99:!. the year of the out~ldcr. But it \\a'I1't , 
Pcotc"ting the AS. now would hi! aklll to u\ing a bulldo/l'r 
to cru,h one aluminum can. 



6 OPINION 

WOODARD 
ContInued from pap 4 
....... to be .uc:c:es ... ? 

Not necessarily. I think If you 
have wlde-reachlng goals and you've 
got a group of people that can take 
them and ... throw out the ones that 
you're notgoingto get any.vhere with 
and focus on the ones that are 
reasonable and then work together 
to achieve it, that can be done. 

But, I would agree for the most 
Part, If you have five or six goals that 
you wantto accomplish in one year ... 
then you have a better chance of 
gettlngthem accomplished than you 
would if you had 25 or 30, 

So Is an A.S. Council that has lim-
Ited goals and succeeds at them 
Just seen as a success because 
they have thole limited goals? 

It depends on the limited goals. 
You could have three or four limited 
goals .. , When they first start out, 
they may be viewed as window-dress· 
ing, but when they get in and try to 
accomplish some things, and it gets 
into the bureaucracy .. , then they 
become more difficult. a little bit 
harder to attain, and students wor1< 
harder to reach those. By the time 
they're accomplished, or at least 
close to accomplishment. they 
[aren't] vague little ideas - they're 
true goals, On the other hand, I've 
seen councils with 25 or 30 objec· 
tives ... and they can never get any· 
thing done, because they don't take 
the time to weed out those that may 
be too difficult to achieve, or the 
dollars aren 't there to achieve them, 
or that It's just the personal agenda 
of some council member. 

How much power do you think that 

the A.S, hal to efrect change? 
I think it has a lot. [Somet lmesll 

just don't think they use it to their 
best ability. I think they can effect a 
lot of change. Having done this since 
1979, I don't think it's as easy as It 
was 13 years ago, The campus has 
grown, the bureaucracy has grown, 
there are more levels of bureau-
cracy, and as the university is evolv-
ing and changing, there 's some re-
sistance to change .... I think it's 
more difficult to implement those 
changes from a student perspec-
tive , because the bureaucracy does 
get a little bit deeper, 

How muc:h of a conflict Is there 
between the A.S. and the aelm"" 

, tratlon, and Is It necesaary? 
I don't know if it's necessary, 

Maybe it's Just part of it.. .. There 
was conflict, when I was a student, 
with the administration . I just think 
that's part of the process. It's a 
game that we all get caught up in and 
play, I don 't think there needs to be 
as much conflict. 

Is there an attitude on both sides of 
'Us versus Them?' 

I don't think so. I can only speak 
for my point-of-view ... I don't think 
there is. There isn't for me. I think 
there are univerSity policies that stu· 
dents are either not aware of, or 
they're not familiar With, or they're 
not aware of how they came to be. 
And, granted, some of them may be 
20 or 30 years old and need to be 
revised - but there are policies, and 
as long as there are policies, as 
officers of the university, the univer-
sity administration has to adhere to 
those policies. 

I think that any time the students 
ask for change , and the mechanism 

The UCSD Guardian 

ot change Is rallies or demonstra-
tions or things like that, sometimes 
it's more difficult to get the change 
that you ask for ... We know they 
perceive It as 'Us versus Them,' but 
I don't think it's true In every case. 

What', the relatlonahip between 
the fac:ulty on campus and the A.S.? 
How much power does the A.S. 
have In Influenclrw the faculty? 

I would say it's not as good as it 
should be. It could be better. But 
again, in relating to the size of the 
university and the amount of faculty, 
and faculty issues that are pressing 
to the faculty, the A.S, probably has 
not done the job.. . in wor1<ing with 
the faculty, developing a strongwor1<-
ing relationship with the faculty and 
the Academic Senate ... that it could 
do in that area, over the years . And 
I'm not just targeting anyone year. 
But again, you have to understand 
that the faculty has a stronger tie to 
graduate students and Graduate 
Student Association issues because 
of [teaching assistants and research 
aSSistants) . And undergraduate edu-
cation has become more of a focal 
pOint, but wasn 't for years. 

So would you say the A,S. has 
potential for a lot of change when 
working with the faculty? 

I think before any change is cre-
ated, or any ideas of change, they have 
to develop a good working relationship 
with the Academic Senate, 

How would they go about doIIC that? 
Participating in the committees, 

Gettlng strong people involved in the 
office of academic affairs, as well as 
wo~ing with key faculty members 
who are the creators of change, and 
to support them, and to get an idea 

of what the issues are. 

Is there a problem with student 
partIcIpdon? 

I'm not sure if it's a problem with 
the students participating, I think 
it's the scheduling of the commit-
tees , I think it's very difficult for 
students who are on these commit· 
tees , when the committees change 
because the faculty or the staff 
aren't there , they're not available to 
meet - and I'm not just targeting 
faculty senate committees, I'm tar· 
geting all committees. They meet 
over breaks, they meet during the 
summers, they meet occasionally; 
they don't have set schedules. And 
when you develop a schedule, you 're 
looking at the faculty and the staff 
and maybe the administration , 
maybe before the student sched-
ules, to see if the students can 
make it. And it's very frustrating .... 

And let's be honest: students 
are here to get an education first. 
And to adjust your academic sched-
ule, especially during midterms or 
finals, for committees - it's diffi· 
cult for the students, It puts more 
pressure on them. 

And I really think... the more 
students are informed, by partici-
pating in the committee process, 
then there's more of an opportunity 
for change, The A,S, Council - the 
senators, the executlves, the com-
missioners - cannot attend every 
committee meeting there is on the 
campus. So you rely on student 
volunteers to attend committee 
meetings. If they can't attend the 
committee meetings, then you re-
ally are not providing a co-gover-
nance situation for the students, 
What kind of student Is attracted 
to the .tudent government? 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 

AIM FOR 
SUCCESS 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus, 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court ~INOIODY . KNOWS . LIKE . . ,DOMINO'S 11 am-l am Sun.-Thurs. 11 am·2,lm Fri . & Sat. OPEN FOR LUNCH! lioI.v You Like PiUll At Home. 

KILLER DEAL! • "~+ CHHSE Pl L\Sr" HAST! 
LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! $1299 P'""" 
2 MEDIUM PIZZAS 

WITH 2 TOPPINGS & 
A SIX-PACK OF COKE® 

Delll'l'l'\' or CMrI'OU I. PICd5e mcnllon llff~r 
\\ h~11 ordering. C",xl aflcrq:oo p.m onl) . 
CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

$8!~ $4~~. 
ONE MEDIUM 2nd PIZZA 

h"""" 2 of your (a,'onte lopping. on a ml'dlUm 
pilla. Gelanot""r m....tlum !'loppmg plll<l (or 
ONLY $04.00. PINSC ml'nhon offer when ordering. 
o.h,wy or CarrylXII . 

CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

.ntt1tii'l M !\IIi wfl' 
PREP CLASS START DATES: 

GRE: APRIL 27 
LSAT: MAY 4 
GMAT: MAY 11 
MeAT: JULY 6 

(619)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

I used to think that it only at· 
tracted a certain type of personality, 
but after 13 or 14 years of this , It 
attracts everybody. And I don't know 
why. Some say it's for resumes, 
some say it's because they have A· 
type personalities and they really 
think they can change the world ... 
others may do it because they feel 
obligated to save the university. I'm 
pleased, too, thatit's a wide variety 
of personalities and personality 
types. Sure, there have been some 
that are strictly for resuml!, and 
there's nothinginherentJywrongwith 
that as long as they do something: 
And then there are the others that 
are truly committed to · saving" the 
univerSity. And then there are the 
ones in between that are really, 
really good. 

IA-S. EJections Manager) Jennifer 
Ralm estimated that the tumout 
for thl. year', A,S, elec:tlona was 
12pen:ent. What do you think about 
that tumout, and what can the A.S. 
do to make students on thI. cam-
pus more Involved and more Inter· 
.. ted In student govemment? 

Well , I'm pleased with the tum· 
out because it was greater than last 
year by three percent, I'm not so 
sure it's unusual, because I think 
it's endemic to every university. I 
think that San Diego State ran about 
six or seven percent, [Cal State] 
Fullerton, last I heard, was around 
10 percent. Santa Barbara is higher, 
Ber1<eley is lower. It just depends , 

And granted, 10 percent of 
30,000 students is different than 
10 percent of 14,500 students, But 
I still wonder what it would take to 
get more students to vote . Maybe it 
really has to be a polarizing issue. 

See WOODARD, Page 7 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

WOODARD 
ContJnued from page 6 
When football was on the refererlo 
dum, we had about 25 percent tum· 
out. It was amazing, And, of course, 
the candidates would like to think it 
was because of them, but I really 
think it was because of football. ... 

I don 't know. It isn't for lack of 
advertising, I don 't think, 

Do you think the short amount of 
time between when people are an-
nounced and elections actually take 
place Is a factor? 

People talk about that, but I've 
heard students say that the carn-
paign period is long enough, that 
they're exhausted by the end of it. 
that through the elections, you've 
got 11 days, including weekends. 
Others have said, 'Well, we need a 
two-week campaign period.' When it 
used to be a two-week campaign 
period, people used to come in and 
say, 'That's too long. We need to get 
it in, and get it out.' 

I mean, we've tried everything. 
We used to average about 18 per· 
cent, but the last three orfour years 
we've dropped down to probably 
around 13 percent. Which is not a 
lot. Some people have said that it's 
the quality of the candidates. I don't 
think that's true. I think we've had 
some very strong student leaders, 

But with this )l88r's turnout at 12 
percent, you 've got an election with 
two strong candidates with an A,S. 
background, another hI~vlslblllty 
candidate with an A.S, background, 
and someone else who holds a po-
5lt1on that seems to ring true for 
another portion of the student popu-
lation. Whereas last year, what was 
viewed as a "dud election," with 
uninteresting candidates and 

ELECTION 
Continued from page 4 
period is fairly short, making it dif-
ficult for Ihe aver.lge student 10 leam 
about the various candidates and 
where they stand on Ihe issues. 

Rules and regulalions for the 
conduct of Ihe campaign are often 
too vague and open to a wide range 
of interpretalion, Campaign viola-
tions can be (and often are) filed at 
Ihe drop of a hat againsl candidales 
for any number of reasons, ranging 
from posting one too many fliers on 
a bullelin board to illegal campaign-
ing within 50 feel of a polling place, 
and so on and so forth, 

The ASUCSD Election Bylaws 
is an 18-page document which , in 
Iheory. is supposed 10 outline Ihe 
do's and don 'ts of the campaign and 
Ihe eleclion. 

For example. Anicle 6. section 
6.4. subsection 2. part I of the by-
laws clearly states that individual 
candidales in run-off elections may 
use physical materials hIlving a total 
co t not exceeding $50 10 advertise 
or promole Iheir campaign. Seclion 
6.4 1iSlS 14actionsorinaclionswhich 
constitute violations of the bylaws, 
including the destruction of an 
opponent's campaign literature, 
fraud, ballot tampering and the use 
of alcoholic beverages as campaign 
malerials, 

1ne bylaws exist to en ure a fair 
and level playing field exi ts for every 
candidate, There are spending limits. 

a~ well as regulations on where cam-
paign literalure can be posted But the 
bylaws are far from perfect. Indeed. at 
times they are woefully vague and 
difficult to interpret. 

A.S. Eleclion Manager Jennifer 
Aaim says lhe bylaws leave much 10 
be desired. such as a clear process lor 
managing run-offs. 1ne bylaws man-

uncontested ~ltlons, got nine per. 
cent, So there Is some correlation. 

I think that If you have an interest-
ing race or Interesting candidates, 
you' re going to have a higher tumout. 
But I think it reaches a point of 
diminishing retums. I think the col· 
lege system has something to do 
with it. I think that in many ways, you 
have a fragmented system, and you 
have students floating all over the 
place, You not only have central corn-
missioners and executives, but you 
have college senators. 

So would you say that the college 
system makes students much more 
concerned with their college, and 
perhaps their department, than wIth 
campuswlde Issues? 

It's certainly a possibility. 

How would you compare how the 
A,S, works here with how student 
govemments work at other schools? 

To paraphrase "The Wonder 
Years: student govemment is 20 
minutes of organized whining. I think 
it's better than some and not as good 
as others, but overall I'd grade it 
pretty high. I think the debates in 
council are much more interesting, 
and I think that when you're dealing 
with the issues of the day, I think that 
the caliber of the students here, as 
far as taking the time to find out what 
the issues are, are better than some 
of the campuses I've seen. 

You've worked with 13 or :14 A,S. 
presidents, What makes for the most 
el'fectlve A,S, president? 

A sense of humor. Somebody's got 
to know what the joke is. If they know 
what the joke is, then the job itself is not 
as difficult. Some intelligence and ex· 
cellent communication skills. It cer· 
tainly doesn't hurt to be a little egocerlo 
tric. And to have an agenda and to stick 

dale !hal run-off eleclions be held on 
!he Wednesday following Ihe genel'JI 
election. But what if circumstances 
arise - such as a serious election 
violation - which force lhe eleclion 10 
be dela~ed? The bylaws are unclear. 

Some observers have complained 
Ihat campaign spending limits are 
too stricI, especially in Ihe run·offs, 
Fifty dollars is nOI nearly enough for 
a presidential or executive candida Ie 
to reach the volers. 

Printing costs and materials for 
A - frames can be expensive - ulti-
mmely adding up 10 far more than 
$50. that is for certai n. Campaign 
finance re~lriclion~ need to be re-
laxed and rev bed in consideralion of 
in flation. especially in the run-off 
conteslS, 

Posling regulations need 10 be 
less strici as well. Specifically, the 
regulalion which stale~ Ihat no cam-
paign materials can be po led on Ihe 
campus computer message ~ystem 
should be abandoned ahogether. The 
campus compuler nelwork is a valu-
able infonnation source for many 
students, It makes an ideal place for 
discussion and debate about Ihe is-
sues and individuals surrounding the 
election. 

There is no reason why the com-
puter network should be restricted to 
campaign information as it is now. 
The more information Ihal is avail-
able to polential voters. Ihe beuer, 

The campaign period should be 
lengthened somewhat, allowing can· 
didales more time to gel Iheir mes-
sage out to student and campus 
organizations, Aaim believe Ihat, 
based on her contaci wilh the candi-
dates, the current I l-day campaign 
period is grueling enough as it is. 
Lenglhening Ihecampaign by a week 
is OUI of the que. tion, It would cos I 
more money and would be hell for 
the candidale • who have 10 juggle 

The: UCSD Guardian 

to it. You must have a coalition of 
students who are willing to wor1< with 
you and have some belief in the direo 
tions you're going, But [there were] 
even those that didn't get a lot done, 
because of their personalities. 

Why does the A.S. have the reputa-
tion for being a body that bickers 
about fundIng? 

Because organizations ask for 
money con stantJy. It is afundingboard 
in many ways. If you look at other 
[student govemments), they do not 
fund student organizations to the ex· 
tent that this AS, does. A lot of money 
goes to organizations, and a lot of It IS 
bickenng over It. It's unfortunate ... 
[butl it's a necessary part of govern-
ment. Until there's a better system. I 
think [the A.S.} finance [commit(ee] 
has changed that this year. When you 
have the finance committee ... voung 
on financial issues, and if the council 
doesn't like what finance has done. 
they can ... debate it. But it puts the job 
where the job should be, and that 's in 
finance. 

In the old days, there were meet· 
ings that I would sit in that council, and 
we wouldn't get out until two or three 
in the moming. And other than having 
debates on real issues, the council 
would arguefor45 minutes on whether 
to give an organization $25 for flyers or 
$25 for a Guardian ad. 

But you don't have as much of that 
now? It's gotten a lot better? 

Absolutely, Ever since finance has 
started doing [wor1< on funding], And 
govemment evolves into the way that 
it should operate, because every time 
you get a new govemment in, they see 
changes that they want to make in the 
bylaws, which, forthe most part, Ithink 
streamline it every year to some de-
gree. 

~ntervIew by Jason SneU 

classes in belween SlUmping for 
Iheircampaign, BUI an extra two or 
three days couldn 'l hurt. 

Aaim has suggesled that the filing 
period could begin earl ier or extend 
through Spring Break. Thm would be 
a . tart. 1lle bylaws could also be 
modi lied 10 allow campaigning 10 
begin the second week ofspringqunr-
ler. The campaign period would re-
mainlhesame,ilwouldjustbeginone 
week later. I n Ihat way, studentscould 
pay closer anenl ion to the canlpaign 
withoul lhe stress ~U1d lunllOil associ-
ated with the fir..1 week of class~. 

BUI revising theeleclion bylaw~ 
willnOI arou~e ~Iuden t voler~ from 
Iheir vil1ual ~Iumber and gel Ihem 
out 10 the polls, The actual conduci 
oflhecampaign and Ihe A.S. Coun-
cil wi ll playa crucial role in con-
vincing Ihe students that their vote 
actually mean~ ~omething, 

The A.S, Council is gener.llly 
seen as a powerle:.s. divided orga-
nization. With a few noteworthy 
exceplions, Ihe A .S. has been 
marked by divisivene s and dis-
cord. Faclion kills. Council mem-
bers need to realize that unilY, 110t 
individual polilical agendas, is whal 
makes fora succe5sful tudent gov-
ernment. 

But unity is a vague and abused 
word. It means Ihat certain campus 
groups - SAAC, Ihe co-ops, Ihe 
Greeks, etc - have to set aside 
Iheir intere ts and appeal more to-
ward lhe mainstream. SDSU'5 A.S. 
elections this month clearly dem-
onslrate that a campaign sharply 
divided by pecial intere ts (the 
Greeks and the cul!ural organiza· 
tions again) will divide Ihe rest of 
the student body as well. Until these 
young politicos leam this, their long-
ing for "empowermeOl" - another 
overused word-will remain but a 
disralll faOlasy, 

OPINION 7 

r NA I L 
I 

SPECIALS 

: ACRYLIC $18.99 
I NAI LS Reg. $35 
: Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

I 

I ~--------~ Fills $12 Reg. $15 · New Clients only 
I Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 I 
I Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 I 

Waxing Starting at $3 
I Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg, $35 I 
: _'HailA 4 __ ~ MEN AND WOM~ : 
I 8055 C]airemont Mesa B[vd. Stes. 103 & 104 I 
I next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 
L Not valid WIth any other oHers EXPll6S 4130192 • --------------------~ 

The "Sun" is always shining at 2' 
325 t Holiday CI. • -;?,.. '--i ~n2~a~ UCSD) Trim & Tan ca II 455.0~q,~ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

- Flrsr time clients o nly with this coupon 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call for dotal Is • 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Nol a uemporary waler loss · Reduce celluille and suelch marks 

7fowers d3 9tfis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

SJn Diego, CA 92 122 
558-6666 

YEARS 
A HEAD 
HAIRC UTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
\\ 1111 PUll 11..1'-1.: .,1 ... It I 'lr 11I"h 
\1>1 \"hJ \\ ~Ih .tn\ ulh\r ulkr 
fo:xp. 4J:JOI92 

.. 
·" e Odhcr 
World \I';<!c' 

$50 Perm & HaircllI or Highlight & Haircut 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr" Ste. 2120 
FOR APPO INTM ENT PLEASE CALL 



8 NEWS 

Dinner 
Delivered! 

Donn • Home • OffICe 
lA .JOLlA 

GOURMET DELNERY 
from La Jolla's Restauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

r-7' LEi\QN ~f-HYPNo£'I& 
i\ND MEDlTA 11 N 

from a Certified 
Hypnotherapist, M.A. 
Free yourself from 
stress, nervousness , 
sleeplessness, fears , 
pain, and more. Quit 
smoking and lose weight . 
Special offer. For more 

information~rite 
P.O. Box 901, 
EI Cajon, CA 
92022 . 

29th Year 
Guadalajara Summer Session 

June 26 - July 31, 1992 
Coursos fully accredited by the Westorn Association 01 Schools and Colleges 
(WASC). Spanish languago at all lovols. Si -hngual and SpeCial Educauon 
Including ESL and Reading Education, Art. Economics,Hispanic StudiOS, 
History, Fofk Dance, Literature , GUitar, Pohtica.1 Science, Cross·Cultural 
Studies. Tuition : $600 for 1-8 undergraduate units, $640 for 1·8 graduate 
units. Four credit Mini Sessions' $400. Room and board in a Mexican Host 
Home: $650_ Apartment and Hotel accommodatJons available . 

For informarion: 
Guadalajara Summer SeSSion, University 01 San Diego, Alcala Park, San 
Diego, CA 92110-2492, (619) 260-4598. 

~ This coupon valid only at 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 16, 1992 

Electric Ride 

UCSD hosted the testing of three types of electric shuttles last Friday. The shuttles, provided by Electric 
Vehicle Marketing (EYM) Corporation and presented by the company president. Rick Harmon, may be 
seen on campus in the near future, provided corporate sponsors or EYM pay for them. 

COMBAT 
ContInued from page 1 
iorJackie Kolchin ,he will be leach-
ing Ihe firsl kral' //Iaga clas in Ihe 
San Diego area aI the Lawrence 
Jewish Communi lY Cenler in La 
lolla beginning nexl Tuesday. 

Kral' II/aga, or "contact combat" 
in Hebrew, is an Israeli manial an 
which takesadvamageofthe body's 
nalUral movement . The an ~tre 'es 
defense. getting out of a threalening 
silUalion wilhout being forced 10 
hun Ihe opponenl. 

" It is different from othermanial 
arK It is nOI as ~Iylized , but the 
moves are shorter, quicker," Pascal 
said. "That makes it more effi ient 
and more effeclive. 

"It is based on natural. instinc-
tive movements," Pascal aid, at-
lributing ils popularity with agen-

cies ranging from the Los Angeles 
Police Departmenl to the Fedeml 
Bureau of lnvesligalion to the fact 
thaI kral' maga is easy 10 learn in a 
hon period of lime. 

"Other manial ans are art for 
'pon," Pascal said. "But krav maRa 
has no competition aJld no rules ... , 
There are no rules because rules 
Iimie." 

Anything goes in this an - in· 
cluding biting. if necessal)' . 

The main philosophy, according 
10 Kolchins, is "10 defend yourself, 
10 do what you have to do to fini 'h 
or neutralize" an anacker. She al 0 
menlioneda"soft"tecnnique, which 
cons iSIs of showing enough strenglh 

to ~careoffan aUackerwithout aclU-
ally injuring the pelbon. 

Thec\ass will inlroduce sludents 
10 melhods used in krav maRa for 
punching. kicking and chokeholds 

Highlights 
$25 Be up 
Reg. $65. Exp. 5 / 30/92. 

BELLA SALON 

as well as how 10 disarm an attacker 
with a weapon and protect yourself 
while pinned to lhe ground. Pascal 
said it will also slress heightened 
awarenes of threalening silualions 
and rape prevention for both men 
and women. 

Kolchins said the biggest impact 
krol' maga has had on her life has 
been giving her more elf-confi-
dence. She no longer fears walking 
down Ihe street alone at night 

"[Kolchins] can throw a 300-
pound man around," Pascal said of 
his assislanl, who stands 5-1. 

Kral'maga is also the only mur-
lial an which requires a sepamle 
certification to teach. according to 
Pascal , who has also studied judo, 
kara te and other Asian marital ans. 

The technique was developed by 
Grand Masler I mi Lichlenfeld while 
he was a young man liv ing in 
Czechoslovakia. When Nazi youth 
gangs harassed him, Lichlenfeld-
a gymnast, boxer and lrained mar-
lial anist - used any mean~ pos-
sible 10 escape. He was Ihe only 
member of his family to survive 
World War II . 

, _..!l~ I 
l 4l5O REgents Park Row ~ I, 2182 " BN Avenida De La Playa 551-8656 

La. Jolla. 687-3680 ~ La Jolla Shores L __ (~~ AD,E'0ny'a ~ The I.& Jolla llarrJott) _ ::.. J ......... ______________ ---J 

Afteremigraling to Pa les tine and 
joining Ihe Israeli independence 
army, he discovered they had no 
fonnal method of hand-IO-hand 
combat and so formalized his lech-
nique, leaching it to hi army com-
rade . Kra\' //Ioga is now used offi-
dall y by most branche of the Is-
raeli army. including anti-terrorist 
units. Lichtenfeld lives in Israel. 

BOlh Pascal and Kolchins began 
to s tudy the art when they were 12 
years old and trained together. 

BE G-FIT® AEROBICS 
8.00-900 

9.oo· tO:00 

12:00-t 00 

400-5:00 

7:00-8:00 
Steps' 

8:00-9.00 Steps 
Combo Steps' 

S~ Steps 
Combo 
Steps 

\ 'Por.llu.J1, lull ct. .. ., Bring this ad i .. ·-$2Q.peunooIttOIta.~~oOne _tte' ~ 
f F CI • Free weighls • Nouft!us-.Tifeeycles • Slolrmaslers . . or a ree ass 3964 Cloiremont Mesa Blvd., Clairemonl Square ShoppIng c.nler 
BEING-FI'W'® neor Lee Wards. behind Pot's Sport 433·9294 

.I. - 0Is0 tocCfea near SOSU (098· t 7(2) 

We paid a million 
dollars tor the 
answers to this 
year's LSAr, GRE, 
GMAT and MCAT. 

We spend over a million dollars each year research-
ing tests, updating course 
materialS, training teachers and 
evalua ting students . 0 wonder 
no other company guaran tee 
the core improvements we do . 
Call now to make ollr inve. 1-
ment payoff for you , 

THE 
PR I ET 
REVIEW 

The Answer To 
Standardized T •• ' •• 

(619) 695·9952 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

ELECTIONS 
ContInued from pa&e 1 
Corral, ifDunin suc essfully proves 
hi complaint againsl Ihe elections 
manager. theresuh oflhepresiden-
lial run-off will be nullified and a 
third election will be scheduled. 

In addition. Corral said Ihat if the 
allegalions again t Holmes are 
shm n to be true. Holme would 
also have Iheoplionof withdrawing 
from the race or being removed 
from the ballot~ 

Corral said the restraining order 
wa ' granted ufler a Wednesday 
moming hearing. The cuse will be 
heard within lhe next two weeks. 

Duffin' s allegations followed an 
earliercomplainl by Commi ioner 
of Operations and Services Paul 
Wilcox regarding Ihe ordering of 
cOIl'itilution amendments on the A.S. 
ballo!. 

AmendmenlSlwoandthreewere 
primed in the reverse order of how 
they appeared on the A.S. sample 
ballol and the Guardian's election 
issue. 

On Ihe ballol, amendment Ihree, 
which would have eliminated class 
distinctions between A.S. senators, 
failed by a narrow margin while 

amendmem two. which makes the 
~tudenl advocale a voting member 
of the A.S. Council, passed. 

"Both referenda at queslion here 
would cause fundamen tal changes 
10lhe lructureoflhe .S . I feltlhere 
was a cloud hanging over the re-
ulls. and I wanted to clear Ihat up," 

Wilcox aid . 
Flaim said she could nOI help 

Wilco ... wilh hb complainl becau~e 
the eleclion bylaws do not permil 
her to call a re-vole on an issue. 

Corral said a hearing on the issue 
will be held eilherlomolTQworearly 
next week. lfWilcox'scompluint is 
found to be valid. a special election 
on the Iwoamendmenls inque lion 
will have to be cheduled , 

Flaim said Ihere were al 0 posi-
tive points to Ihis year's e1eclion . 
She said 1,376 students voted in the 
presidential run-{)ff, more Ihan the 
total number who vOled in lastyear's 
regular eleclions. 

In addilion. Flaim said she has 
heard positive responses aboul the 
organizalion oflhe elections. 

"The League of Women Voters 
[who help at Ihe polls) say lhecom-
mittees are well put togelher. I've 
gOI nothing bUI good Ihings to say 
about [them I." Flaim said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

COLOMBIA 
Continued from page 1 
juana plantalions.lhe pr essi ng ~md 
trafficking of coca, which is grown 
in Pcru and Bolivia, became one of 
Colombia's pressing problems. 

Garcia-Parra. although lauding 
Ihe niled Slate ' ~ r dampening il!-
level of drugdemand in recenl years. 
argued thai because Ihe hard core of 
u. ers in Ihe Uniled tates \ ill not 
disappear. "narco-trolffic wi II be with 
[ olombiaJ for a long lime," 

In his view, though. Colombia 
and the United States have devel-
oped a mature altitude loward Ihe 
drug problem by Colombia's no 
longer considering it only a "gringo" 
problem and the Uniled Slate~' no 
longer seeing drugs as merely a 
Colombian problem. 

Poverty, a lack of slrong infra-
struclure and guerrilla challenges to 
Ihe govemment were olher prob-
lems idenlified by Garcia-Parra as 
being panicularly sal ient in Colom-
bia loday. 

Ac ording 10 Garcia-Parra. be-
cause Colombia has a IrJdition of 
privare emerprise il did not develop 
a slrong central slute wilh acce s 10 
many of the COUnll)"S economic 

--
.. 

. . 

revenues. resulting in an inability 10 
build a good road s. stem and olher 
infrastructural necessities. 

Garcia· Parra said (he gucnilla 
problem in Colombia grew out of 
Ihecivilwurofthe 1940sand I 950s, 
referred to in Colombia as La 
\ 'io/ellcia and \ asconl inued b "I he 
cold waniors who were inlereMed 
in making Colombia a communbl 
~ociety , 

A cording to Garcia-Parra. Ihe 
fomler urban lerrorist goup known 
as the M- 19 has now reac hed an 
agreement with thegovemment and 
hus been intcgmted inlo civil ian and 
polilicallife with acenain degree of 
succe s. Two other guenilla groups 
are still engaged in anti-govemment 
aClions. 

A queslion-and-answer period 
followed (he ambassador's speech. 
In response to an audience member's 
queSI ion aboul access 10 heahh care 
and social services in Colombia. 
Garcia-P;Irra said Ihat although Ihe 
govemment has increased the level 
of attention il pays 10 children's 
health and social concems. Colom-
bia sti ll has a problem with poverty 
because it has neve r been a weahhy 
countl)' . 

He added thaI even the Uniled 

We Give Our rlSh .cos A Good Grilling 
AI the NEW SEQ PfSC4, the fish kl our fish locos is 8Xjlt~ cooked on a gril. never rrid. 

So, In addililn hi the cheese, dlonrro, llllsa, tIIld Iorlilla. yoo'l fasta sollllthilg extmonfilllry in our flsh fIKos. Irs mlad the f&h. 
YOII twn Uti hi choose III. kild d fISh for your lOCos. lie fresIt SlIIpptr, som, IWOnlflSh, ohi, or short 

sm ~ 1m a c." Mexican IIlInu. irdldiIQ Burritos, Tortos, ~escxIibs orll em plates. M 01 deicious low likes. Plus hlngy Il1Irgaritos ood rrosty Mexkan beers. 
Senor Pm. Ched us oullOdat--for ~dI, dinner and the chciceslfrsh lOCos in fOWn . 

11:30 " 8:30 Sunday" Thursday 
11:30 " 9:30 Friday & Saturday 
La Jollo V~1oge Drive at Regents Rood, next to Mthony's La Jolla 
Phone: 457-0597 Fax: 457-5099 

~ - -;-F;h--, ~ - -;-(:;n;;:5-'1 I~ - ~- S;ufd -'1 I Pacific Red I I Burrito I Steak Torta 
I ~!!!~~ :~o I I ~~~!~~ri~~ 1 1 ~~n~~~~do~ ~c: or I 

beans and a 14-oz. with free relills oz . soft drink with 

I 101t drink With I 1 I I free refills I free refills 
L 01lP 414Cm $2.10 .J L OXl> 4140/92 $3.15 I L 01lP 4140192 ~.25 .J 
------ -----_... ------

NEWS 9 

SWles, wilh a vel)' wealthy economy. 
still htL~ pockets of poveny. 

An theraudiencememberque~­
(ioned Garcia-Pam\ about the po~­
sible negative effects a olombia-
United States free tr.lde agreement 
would have on the Colombian em-
ployment rate. 

In his analysis, Garcia·PalT'J ~alu 
that some Colombian inuu~trics will 
face closures and re;ldju~IJ1lCnh . but 
thai stronger Colombian inuu\trre\ 
which actually benefit fr m free 
Irade should be able to ab~orb the 
unemployed from the olher limb. 

Garcia-PalT'J ha~ had a dr'tin-
guished and diverse career in both 
the business and polilical world, in 
Colombia. He has served a~ the 
minisler of communicaliom, . the 
minister of mines and encrg). and 
the minisler of finance in the Co-
lombian govemment. He was also 
the ambassador to the Coun of t. 
James. 

Garcia-Parra 's ~choltlrly career 
has also been distinguished. He ha\ 
received severJI degrees from uni-
versities in Colombia. me Unilcd 
Stales and Greal Britain. including a 
master of sc ience degree in eco-
nomics frolll the London School of 
Economics. 

GREAT EARTH 
VITAMINS 

The natural way to: 
o Increase energy 

o Curb appetite 

o Fight stress 

o Build muscle 

o Bum fat 

Free literature 
Knowledgeable staff 

10% 
OFF 

your next 
purchase 
with this ad. 

Exp. 5130192 

Located In the Ralph's 
Shopping Center between 
Crown Books and Kiokos 

452·9775 
OPEN 7 DAYS 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

Church School 9 a.m. 
Worship 10 a,m, 

• Feel the Splrtt· Radio 
BIoadcut KPRZ (l210AM) 

every Sunday, 9:30 -lO:OOam 

Dr, K.T. CaUoway. Pastor 

"A Church For People 
On the Grow" 



-10 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 16, 1992 

r--~:'UCSD -- FINLAN. 
FLOWER BASKET ContInued fnIm PICe 3 1991, the Music Department filed 

s[~nt misconduct charges againsl 
Finlan for allegedly mi using de-
partmental compuler system . 

-. F!!.~!7rn~~~~~Y* Finlan, who holds several de-
grees, said that he had hoped to take 
graduale courses in mu ic while 
working toward an undergraduale 
degree in compuler engineering. 
"Hull was going out of his way 10 
see thaI 1 took courses only toward 
my degree." said Finlan. who is 37 
years old. " He wants me to leave." 

-w, .,.., • 120 mlnimwn purth.ue • WUhan ~ mil radlUJ of eampUJ 

UCSD Theatre 1991-92 Season 
Spring Productions 

yerma 
A Tragic Poem in Three Acts 
text and music by 
Federico Garda Lorca 
April 15-19 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

CAN'T CATCH THE MOON 
a new play by Stuart Ostfeld 
a comedy-drama about life in a 
Midwestern college 
May 27 - 31 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

w...u .... • 

r.xp 0lI30'92 
Not valid W'llh all, ot.ber oft'er 

HALF OF THE PEOPLE 
WHO READ THIS AD 

WON1GETINm 
LAW SCHOOL. 

H 're S 0 5u'pr So" test 0 your mot s> Is 
Jlvld~ 5 000 low school opp\.conts InlO 
44 000 openings ov, cu 1801 ze \\h II s 
50 IIrpor ani 10 to e the or Ir [SA 
Preparot on course 

F v:>U A toke a r: . d '10!.! C lell Then 
AC II "or " llh ou n 
smoll pefsono led 
ch;scs au I hove rrE 

~ceS.llo our campi: .. s and study programs 
Plus et I e Iwo oy lSAT Intensi_e' Study 
(l,rlc he lost Ihee beloce the exam. 

e5e-ve your ploce In OJrlSA T course bv 
iVa, 15 ond "''e U ncl 225 cliniC O! 
r Co'l orkin lOdoy and rind OJI how the 

lSAh ,.,MAT·GRE ·MCAHEST PREYARATIO AND APPLICATION ASSISTA CE 

THE OFFER: RESERVE BY MAY 15. SAVE $225. 
all Die 0587-8600 

as always. 10% O~~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

Finlan said he suspects thaI Hull 
told the department DOl: toallow him 
to enroll in graduate classes. 

Hull commenled that he believe 
Finlan "uses the Guardiall 10 PUI 
pressure on an issue." 

ERRATUM 
The editorial titfed "Much 

Ado About Referenda" (Mon-
day, April 13) stated that 
A.S. Election Manager Jen-
nifer Aaim and Student Gov-
ernment Advisor Randy 
Woodard denied a request 
by Paul Wilcox to hold an-
othervote to decide twoA.S. 
constitutional amendments, 
Aaim and Woodard did not 

have the jurisdiction to make 
the decision. Only the A,S. 
Judicial Board can hear such 
complaints. 

The Guardian regrets any 
misconceptions this may 
have caused. 

SEX ON CAMPUS 
is none of our concern, but selling 

what you sell is. 
GuardIan Actvertlshq( 534-3418 

The Catholic Student Community 

Holy Week Services 
Holy Thursday --7:30 PM 

(at the church) 

Good Friday -- 6 PM 
(at the church) 

Easter Vigil-- 10 PM 
(at the Price Center Theatre) 

77W 7fSEZ 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

MUSIC PLUS HAS 
THE 'HOnEST NEW VIDEOS 

LIlIIILT" \l1It1l (fllllUll 

CHILD'S PLAY 3 

EL 
00 

TI 
LOSLOY nnn lUnnnOn 

-,.&.- r.;n:n] ,,_, ___ "M __ 
~ -~... :::==-..:::=~~-

LIFE STINKS 
Only at 

See 
Coupon 
Below! 

1I •• iE:+ ;II. 
RENT 1 GET 1 FREE 

Of EQUAl OR WSE. VAlUE 
LIMITS FREE Voc!eo Reo",1 Good F", One 
Tope FOI I Day One Coupon Pel 
TrOnlOchon Connor S6 Combined WI,n 
Any Other Coupon Or 011., No! I 
Redeemable For Co'" S",ndord Ren",1 I 
Pol"" •• Apply OfFER GOOO Ar SAN 
DIEGO AREA sr fSONLY I 

Offer Exprre, 4/29/92 I 
1111111 111111111"1 , , , 

.U!iiC-r. 
CLAIREMOMT 

5620 Balboa Ave. (619) 495-0054 
COLLEGE AREA 

6402 EI Cai- Blvd. (619) 229-8403 
ENCINITAS 

1465 EMilitas Blvd. (619) 633·1115 

:. IT t f"l jJ~ 
'.,~ I, rr 

OAf\OARA HmSHEY 
SAM SHEPAf\O 

.. "',,,.. ."j I O NJ 
"~/CIU '" 

DEFENSELESS 

BARTON 
FINK 

(JII" r"Yt''', Inc. All R,.~tI R .. ",d rOlVi4 .. ~.tt4 
tIS lit' 011 trd ••• rklll T.ntil l ~ tmllry Ft, FilM (,r,,!IIMn 

BARTON FINK 

POINT LOMA 
3165 Rosecrans Blvd. (619) 222-0525 

LA JOLLA 
8807 V. La Jolla Dr. (619) 455-1981 

11 



12 NEWS 

WEDNESDAY'S A,S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

• Allocallon or funds For Recognillon Dinner I>ebated : The A\..ociatcd 
Students hcavl lydcbatcd the allocation ors 1.300 for a "l.:bt Supper"' III re~Qgnlllon 
ur lhe A.S. mcmber~. Sel'cral member< argucd Ihat lhe donner" Quid be 100 
CXpe lhIVC. 

" Ii ', , "miarto donne"" rurauloll1uu\lryc\ccutivc< "'hlle al the ,aone time people 
arc "an ong. lf}ou·re herc 10 ge l rCCllgnllcd.go gC I ajob," <aid RC lcllc SeRall" Erk 
LuI. 

Through lhe c()u r~c ofc\tcnslvc de hate. 'anou' ~ou ncl llllelllhc r. \upponcll Ihe 
donne r a. a" ay 10 rccognll-c lilelf erron<. Although lhe all 'allon 01 fund, pJ\scd. 
\CI cr." mcmhc" ,aid Ihata pollud uinner woulu be ",orceIN·Crr. ic nt "nu pmvidc 
J more p..!"onal atmo'phcre. 

Other Old nlL,in."." 
• Appro\ 31 of Univer';IlY enter Board Chancr as amendcd. PO-;lPOncU. 
• Approval of AS SO Council Byla"', as amended by the Rulcs Commiucc. 

P"' tponcd. 
• APPolRtlllcnt of Dan EV'IIl' :t\ A,sist:!nt Programmer at 10 pcr \\cc~ for ten 

\\cch. Pa.'cd. 
• Allocatlonuf -110 rrom Gcncml Unallocated to E\1~mal Affai",Gr..phic, and 

Reproduction line Item budget. Pa>..:U . 
• Allllealion of 1.079 f",m Manuatcd RCICr.c' (or computcr l'tjuipnlenl 10 

remain III E\t~mal Afrairs Ortice. Withdrawn. 
• Allocat lun of I.JOO from STiP IIlcome to A.S. Tmycl anu I)cvelopment for 

A.S. "LaM Supper" Iu be helll 0 11 Apn113. Pu'scd. 
• Allocmlon of S44-1.-I7 from COmllltS"OllCr of OpcmltOnS and Service, 

Unalillcatcd to Volunteer Connection Nallolt:11 Voluntcer Wcd. April 16·Ma 1. 
Pa.,,\Cd. 

• Allocation of 2 111 from Student Organil.:lti n budget IU Chioc\C Sluuen t 
A"ociatlon for Senior Banquet and cleetH)n •. Withdrawn. 

• Allocation of 5360 (rOIll tuuent OrgalllL.llion Finanl'C Boaru budge t to 
Disabled Stutle nt Union for M,sSlun Bay Sal ling Lc~sons. Pas.cu. 

- Joanne Donahoe 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses E)(ICndcd Sort Len cs 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

........ ~'--....-...t._.-.. 
D:.ily gas peml. hard Brown eyes 10 blue 

· 'ncludes: CL exam. care kit. myopic lense , 30 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, Wl, 
Paraperm, Boston. 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmolll Mesa Blvd. 

• Pro;... S.nlc. 
• Qu.lI.y Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.b •• Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR 

TOM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively WI/ and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'MuSI presenl coupon and valid UCSO 10 01 Irne 01 eSlfflale 
Not voHd WIth mOJOf eng.no or trOrl$mlsslon repairs 

i 1 450:94941~§~ 
. VIa 

. 111 0.0''''' K h", 

-If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 16, 1992 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAr. 
This checklist will help you 
answer all of them. 

Ia2 Kaplan makes test prep convenient. 
~ Wilh ISO centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 

fd Kaplan helps you manage your time. 
~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 

on, before they hurt your performance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value, Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
fd Kaplan is the industry leader. 

~ 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources 
it takes to help students succeed . 

CLASSES STARTING NOW! 1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

c 1992 St~nley H. Kaplan Educational Center lid. 

SARAH McLACHLAN 

Sarah Mclachlan 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

THE CHURCH 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

CAUSE & EFFECT 

• CA~~~ECT m 
""'....... you ,--. fOU "NOW "UI 

oW'fOTMlII; --.,n _ WKU DO 'OU'1f. 

In\lliR RittlRnS \ "min 

MONKS OF DOOM 

• (E) 
• 

11 .99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

CHRIS MARS METAL FLAKE MOTHER 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

HEY STEVIE WEBB WILD ER 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 9.99 CD 5.99 CS 11 .99 CD 7.99 CS 
-U~ OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! SALE ENOS 4I3OIV2 

lUWiR R{CURBS \ ~\n{n 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
ELCA.lON 
796 Flelcher Pal1l.way IOP£N l OAM to 10P\t) 
KfOU from ~y PIaIII 
(&19) 57119701 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 500<1. Alena BMl 
- (&19122<· :13:13 
V_O 3J;3K.",I>"'St 1&191 222·7T75 

COLLEGE AREA ~~1lI: 
6405 EI Cofo. 8N<I 

","'o""!k_~ 
_ (8111)217· 1420 
V_...... (11111287·1 934 

SPORTS 
Thursday, April 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 13 SPORTS 

SCORE Baseball Beats 
~ Clarennont,~2 

A Dose of Reality 
for Lakers Fans 
IT' TIME m FA E A Ln11.E reality. I've been hanging on for as 
long as I can but I must begin to 
admit the truth. The Lakers aren ' l 
going to the playoffs . The 
Clippers are. 

I'll admit I never really 
expected to see the day that I'd 
find myself saying thaI. II 's kind 
of like admitting to yourself that 
the University of Michigan has a 
pretty decent basketball team. 
You know it's true; you just have 
trouble bringing yourself to say it. 

In any case, it time for even 
the most loyal of us Lakers fans to 
take a reality check. 

Magic is gone. Perkins is gone. 
Worthy is gone. Believe it or nOl, 
1 think Houston is a pretty decent 
team. It dismantled the Trailblaz-
ers the other night. 1 don't think 
that was a fluke. 

But. before we get too cri tical 
of the Lakers, let's think about 
how good any other team would 
be miss ing three key starters. 

How good would Ponland be 
without Kersey , Drexler, or 
Porter? How good would Detroit 
be without Thomas, Rodman, or 
Laimbeer? How good would 
Chicago be without 10rdan .. . 
er ... lordan? 

T UE BIGGEST QUESTION we 've got to ask, though, is: even if the 
Lakers did make the playoffs-
and they won't - what good will 
itdo them? 

Why waste the time or energy 
to let Portland slap them around 
for a few games and then move 
on? It might even be a little 
humiliating. 

Why not take the lottery spot? 
They've got almost as much 
chance at the fi rst pick as Sac ra· 
mento or Philadelphia. 

I'm jusl kind of staning to see 
it. 

Remember the last time the 
Lakers had the number-one pick? 
They drafted that guy named 
Earvin from Lansing. Not a bad 
little pick. Who knows what kind 
of dynasty a Shaquille O'Neal or a 
Christian Laettner could tart? 

My only hope is that Jerry Buss 
stays away from the local boys. I 
like UCLA as much as the next 
guy, but after watChing Don 
McLean in the tournament, I'm 
not impresed. 

BUT WHAT ABOUT the Clippers? You may remember earlier 
this season, my trusty sidekick 
Gregg and 1 checked out the 
Boatboys when they graced us 
with their presence in La 101la. 

We figured that if the Clips 
could put together a decent season 
they would be playoff-bound. 

Hey kids, we were just kiddin' ! 
But sure enough, 80 game and 

three coaches later, they 've man-
aged to pull it out. Do you realize 
thaI the last time the Clippers were 

See CARD, Page 19 

• UCSD breaks 2-2 tie in bottom of ninth as 
Quandt scores winning nm on pas ed bal I 
By Ben Bgin 
Staff Writer 

11 took the Tritons all nine 
innings to put away the 
Claremont Stags on Tuesday, 
breaking a 2-2 deadlock in the 
bottom of the ninth with the 
winningrun coring on a passed 
ball. 

UCSD (19-4·1), which 
clobbered the Stags 17-4 in their 
last enCOUnler, fell behind 2·0 
after Claremont scraped to· 
gethera run in the third and one 
more in the fourth. 

Despite the early deficit, 
Head Coach Lyle Yates felt his 
Triton cl ub was still in control. 

fe lt we could come back any 
inning." 

Catcher Dominic Dirksen 
quickly evened the score in the 
bottom of Ihe fourth inning by 
launching a two-run homer 
over the left· field wall. 

The tall y remained the same 
unlil the bottom of the ninth, 
when David Rex was walked 
to lead off Ihe inning. Third 
baseman David Blum took a 
fastball in the ribs to put run· 
ners on first and second, and a 
wild pitch enabled the Triton 
runners to advance 90 more 
feet. 

" Our defense was looking 
better and I knew Brent 
[Hansen] wouldn 'I getlOuched 
for many runs," Yates said. " I 

Marcos Magdaleno wa~ is· 
sued an intentional walk to load 
the bases and set up a potenlial 
force out al home. Stag hurler 

See BASEBALL, Page 14 
SUB Mapes/Guard/an 

Second baseman Doran Yount guns to teammate David Rex in Tuesday's game. 

Extramural Report, Part II 

I 
Today the Guardian takes a look at men's lacrosse, sailing, alpine skiing, ultimate disc and rugby in the 
second part of a two-part series on extramural teams around UCSD. See story, page 18. 

Softball Looking for Some 
Answers in Postseason 
• Preview: UCSD 
faces critical test as they 
host the Triton Classic 
this weekend 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

Going into the 1992 Triton Clas-
sic softball tournament, UCSD Head 
Coach Melissa Jarrell knows a lot 
aboulherteam. It 's what shedoesn ' t 
know that worries her. Specifically, 
two questions keep popping up: a 
lack of leadership and a habit of 
playing flat. 

Looking ahead tothepostseason, 
the Tritons (17- 14) can 't afford too 
many more losses if they wanta hot 
at the playoffs. Since only 20 teams 
will advance to the playoffs, it is 
imponant for UCSD to regain the 
top 20 status it recently lost. The 

1992 TRITON CLASSIC 
Thursday· Saturday. UCSD plays 
Thursday at 12:15 and 3:15, and 
Friday at 8:30 a.m. at the North 
Campus softball diamond. 

tournament, with teams from Cal 
Lutheran, University of San Diego, 
Cal Baptist, Concordia, Claremont 
and Cal Stale Hayward joining 
UCSD, kicks off tomorrow at9 a.m. 

Haircut Leads 
Golf to Victory 
• Tritons win 13th match 
in a row as they down 
Pomona-Pitzer yesterday 
at Torrey Pines 
By Chris Regnier 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD golf leam is staning 
to scare people. Yesterday, out on 
the Torrey Pines course, one of the 
two t t!am~ Ihat the Tritom; wert! 
scheduled topit putter.; ag"in~t didn ' I 
even show up. And Ihe player.; from 
the missing squad - Ihe San Diego 
Golf Academy - are supposed to 
be a~sistant pros at clubs. 

The leam that did come OUI, 
Pomona· Pitzer, should have fol· 
lowed the Golf Academy's lead: the 
Triton s buried the Sage hem 
304-344 10 remain unbeuten for Ihe 
season. 

UCSD's 304 lotal was it s lowe~1 
for the year on Ihe par 72, 7,027-
yard Torrey Pines cour~e. 

The Tritons had not just one, bUI 
four medali st~ on the day, all shoot· 

See GOLF, Page 15 

Going into the most imponant 
weekend of the season, those kind 
of questions aren't what any coach 
need . See SOFTBALL, Page 15 UCSD will be looking for some offensive firepower at the Triton Classic . 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rul and Regulation : 

·Sl.,oTtn: LJr>Ilt'· O"'A"'S IfrAY II" HEETOf 
""I'{A "U ) ~ \!111m 'ttJltt "''''IL. HAK'''' ~HooL. ltolrtoll-
TUVl",. nuu,[ )Ol "rn .. 'l> Ar LCSD. M.AJ(Ht. ,,"'D 
".i"'[ ' l \1&1:. 1t1, Sruan r~nlA. LCSD Gl "IU)tA'. 
q. GIL"'" Dill\( 0' l6. L" Jtx..l.A. C 9~09J 
O_llb YIM. t.. ... , AUO OttuP IT Off I' m E SPt* n 
I:um* s fkJ~ A1 nu:GlAjtUlA"'I)fFIC[. l..lA.ArWI~TUl 

H DL' " Cf,-ru:. At..IIU~\ 1110!.' mE li' \to 
-"Il LeSO snO£Jroo,.,. Sr.-ff • .....,' 0 F","lLn' "Mf. 

UJt.IRLl1U L''''UC. DeEPT tuk t "Nut"" ~'TArt ,,0.1 
1\0. "'0 OU"UH LU IN Br CUKAC.ol) P II./Otl". 

-THE rut5U:"I \Iio'HI) U)'tU l' ""1TH rHE '4II~"T CO tt · 
fti:n A'S .... r..U. OlTlIlML'lO '" Tut JlO-.t.S. "Ill HE 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

NBA playoffs? 
6. What. is the mascot of the Uni-
ve rs ity o f MinneMlta? 
7. Tru e o r False-Matt Yo ung 
pit hed the li rst no-hitterofthe 1 99~ 
baseball season? 
8. Wh o won the 1992 Jo hn 
Wooden award? 
9. Who won the 1989 World Se-
rie ? 
10. Asof April 16. what is the record 
of the CS D baseball team? 
Last week' questions: 
1. Who i~ the 1992 CAA Divi-
ion I men 's basketball champion? 

Duke niversity 
2. Who is the I 2 NCAA Divi-
ion I women' basketball cham-

pion? tanford University 
3. How long has the HL been in 
existence? 75 years 

MapesiGuar~ 
Steve Wrenn dives back to first base in Tuesday 's game against Claremont. Wrenn had two hits in the game. 

otC'LAIt[O lliE GU""O P1U/L .... I"""'U A' D ¥rIIUIIE Itt.COO· 
'll'LO "ti['" TOC VlIII rttl ... .,.m Tut fOUj)'A 1"oG 'I\'F.O" 
IN THE (H_NT OF A Tlr, '" lHl" .... 'NG ""' ILL AE HHD m 
OLI£R)II'E THE. .... ·I"i'",Dt. Tuus£ ('UttNE<i lNUIES MH 
S[uc n:u nif O.,,1'-U I"IUl'£ \Iio'I:.. ... OC 'I\'llL It CC ..... SID-
U[O Nl "[MJ-U' • 

4. What is th e na me o f 
Philadelphia 's MLB team? Phillies 
5. Who is the manager of the Cali -
fomia Angels? Buck Rodgers 

BASEBALL 
Continued from page 13 
Bill Pate'~ lirst pitchlO Dor,.m Yount 
was in the dirt and rolled pal,t the 
Claremont catcher. Fre hman pinch-
runner Eric Quandt sprinted acros 

hom~ plate to bring home the 3-2 
vic tory . 

Brent Hansen (7-0) worked 
through severaljams in the fi~t four 
innings before ~elliing into hi s 
g 'ole. The !>enior firebnller went 
the di~tance fo r the victory, triking 
out e ight Stag bailers along the way. 

Hansen ha!> amassed some im-
pre:,.,s ive MatiMic!> to accompany hb 
perfect record. including a team-
leading 6 1 strikeouts, 59.3 inning~ 
pitched. and a stifling 1.67 eamed 
run average. The senior ace has not 

yielded a home run thi s year and 
overpowers hillers by fanning 2.7 
for every base n-balls i sued. 

" I thought he was very capable 
of having this kindofseason," Yales 

~aid . 
"This summer Brent worked out 

and got a lot ~tronger. He wants the 
opportunity to play pro ball ." 

Yates. in his 12th year as head 
coa h of the Triton!.. . is confident 
that Hansen will get an offer come 
dmft-lime in June. 

U SD. on 'Iver.tge. ~end~ one 
playerpcryear into the minor leagues 
and actually h,ld three drafted in 
1990. 

Offensively, Steve Wrenndri lied 
two singles on the aftemoon and 
reached base three more times on 
walks. Stag pitchers aided the Tri-

tons with seven free pas es and one 
hit bailer. 

Centerfielder Emie Isola al 0 
roped a pair of s ingles in five trips. 
as he continues to lead the team with 
32 RBI and a .442 batting avemge. 
Isola also leads the Triton in at bats. 
hit ,doubles. runs. and on-base per-
centage. 

UCSD oUlhit the Stags 10-7 on 
the aftemoon. 

The 10 Triton hilS were right on 
pOl ewiththeteam'sseasonavemge 
of 10.9 hits per game. 

TIle sixth-ranked Triton will be 
on the road for the next two weeks. 
beginning thi s Saturday with a 
doubleheader at Biola University. 
TIle Tritons will then head to Oeci-
demallO take on the Tigers on April 
2 1. 

.(J-.oL' O"oE E.. ... ...,.y POt pf~ f"Ot Q\ " l' .. No "iASS-
f"It1X>lI«(O tJrro'l UES .... llL BE AC'C(.PTED. E,<rotl1ULS MlST 8£ 
ArT»[G "KOfAN8YJIO)'i WEl>"oESV A ~ . 

-THE a"-ANn ptU/£ WI,.....,.U .... ·IU UCE.I\ E A FREE 
()(}'.NU FOM. N 'U A' 8J 'S C KICAOO Plr.JEMJA. R u 'lOts-
ur '4ILL. EJ \ 'E A rlEE PlTCm :a Of M lCtiEL08 OkA" 
"lI.,I * SUOA,'-" 8J '5, urAT1:J)I~ 1.A JOl.LA V ILLAOE 
SQlIAa.£. A USTOf AU '41 .... 'I:MS \Iio'U.8EPOI$TEDAT 81'5 

ti .... U.K A1oo0 .... " ' [AS :"' 1::mTU~W IDC'o"TIFICAflO 
TU ('l,AI \.t PtU /ES, 

Thi week's questions: 
l. Who is the top-ranked men 's 
tennis player in the world? 
2. What is the name of Ohio ' s 
WLAFteam? 
3. Who did the Gulls lose to in the 
first round of the IHL playoffs? 
4. Who is the manager of the San 
Francisco Giants? 
S. In what city did the Clippers 
franchise play when it last made the 

6. How many times have the Se-
atlle Mariners won the World Se-
rie ? Zero 
7. What is the name of the Balti-
more Orioles new baseball stadium? 
Oriole Pa r k a t Camden Yards 
8. As of April 9, who is in first 
place in the NBA in the Pacific 
Division? Portland Trailblazers 
9. What MLB team does Bobby 
Bonilla play for? New York Mets 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD golf team? Mike Wydra 

T his week's winner : Chri John-
son, Revelle. Junior. Cognitive Sci-
ence - Walnut Creek, CA. 

Runners-up: List of 14 po ted iit 
B1's 

t~ 
ENTER THE NeXT"WORLD HERE. 

FESTIVAL 
Sarur~8Y, ~ril25 Mariner1s Poml Mission Bay 

~ • ~ ~~\ ~ 
Entry fonns, more information at 

, . 

Canyonview Recreation Offiees,534-4037 
SJIODlOIoo by ~ UCSD 

Recreation 

.' 

I 

s s 

~ 
c • I !' 

~ c. 
.. !!! 

s 

ou're invited to a hands-on demonstration of me 
industry's only family of true object-oriented workstations: 
the NeXPM computers . 

Only <;>n the advanced NeXT platform have such names 
as Lotus , Adobe!! and WordPerfec~ been able to create 
the "best of breed" packages. Because only on NeXTTM 
computers can they take advantage of true multitasking, 
built-in Ethernet, la(ge screens with Display PostScrip~, 
CD-quality sound, vast memory and blazing speed. 

And there's a whole family of NeXT machines, from the 
affordable NeXTstation™ TURBO computer to the true 
32-bit NeXTdimension™ system. 

If you're interested in seeing the NeXT world, come on 
in. We can arrange a guided tour. 

LJCSD 
t:S<>OK S 'UH~ 

,UCSD BOOKSTORE 
C OM P U TER CENTE R 5 34 - 4 291 
OPEN: MON· FRI BAM· 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

SOFTBALL 
ContJnued from .,... 13 
with the USD-Cal Baptist ganle. 

UCSDfaces USD in its first con-
te I. The Tritons faced the Toreras 
earlierthisseason.splillingadouble-
header with their crosstown rivals . 
TIley picked up the first game 3-0. 
but did an about -f,lce in the night-
cap. po' ting an uninspired 7-310 s. 

Aat play is one of Jarrell 's big-
gestconcems. Not having played in 
a week. UCSD may have problems 
getting hyped for the game. 

"I hope the layoff doesn't hurt 
us. and we've looked good in pmc-
tice thi week." Jarrell ~id, "but we 
had a week off before we went up to 
the Hayward toumament and we 
were really flat up there." 

The UCSD Guardian 

, 

The Tritons have only two se-
niors. and boast three freshmen and 
two sophomores in their starting 
infield. That makes for a bright fu-
ture, but the team is currently in 
need of strong leadership. "We're 
such ayoung group, and it' hard for 
a young player to step up. but we 
need someone to do it," Jarrell ex-
plained. 

Sidan OebIGuatdlan 
The Triton defense needs to stay focused in UCSO's weekend tourney. 

"Right now [Moreno] i ' the 

GOLF 
ContInued from page 13 
ing a 76. To make things even 
stranger. three out of the four had 
double bogeys. 

Dale Abraham not only double 
bogeyed the first hole. but also bo-
geyed the last hole en route to his 
four over par. 

Pete Roberts, whom Head Coach 
Mike WydmcalledtheTritons' "star 
freshman," shot a ready 38 on both 
the front and back nine to get his 
total. Roberts had one birdie and 
five bogeys on Ihe afternoon. 

Wydra allributed Roberts' con-
sis tent play to ... a haircul. Appar-
ently, Wydr.t and the rest of the 
Triton golfers weren't too impressed 
with Roberts' hairstyle, so he cut his 
hair and has been in golf heaven 
ever since he got the new look. 

"He's been playing good ever 

leader in the infield . but she can ' t be 
worrying about pitching and trying 
to carry the team." Jarrell said. 

Hayward enters the tournament 
as the seventh-I"Jnked team in Divi-
sion U, but while Jarrell acknowl-

since Ithe haircut] ... He's so stylish 
he' s tearing up the links:' Wydm 
said. 

Tom Brown. like AbrJham. also 
double-bogeyed the first hole , but 
was able to recover and keep pace 
with the other Triton medali sts. 

Brock Shafer bounced back from 
a double bogey on the 12th hole to 
get hi s share of the medal isl spot. 

Shafer shot a 39 on the front 
nine, and a 37 on the back .That was 
the easy part of his day to figure out. 
Wydm was confused about how 
Shafer could bogey both par threes, 
which he should par or birdie. and 
then come back to birdie three of the 
tough four pars. 

Weird things happen when you 
win. Mike, and they get weirder 
with every time you win another 
match. 

llle victory was theTrilOns ' 13th 
win of the season with no defeats. 

FOR YOUR 

REVELLE COUNCIL 
R EPRESENTATIVES 

POLLING PLACES 

April 20, 21, 22 - Revelle Plaza, II a.m. to 4 p.m. 
and Revelle Dean 's Office. 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 

April 21 - Mathew Apts. Mailroom, 10 a.m. 10 6 p.m. 

Committee Applications Available 
at the Revelle Dean' Office 

edged the Pioneers are the favorites. 
she isn ' t conceding anything. "WI: 
can beat any team in the touma-
ment. There' s no reason we 
shouldn't be in the final s." Jarrell 
said. 

DaieAbraham shota 76yesterday. 
Including yesterday's trouncing, 

the Tritons are 241 strokes beller 
than their opponents on the year. 

Wydra hoped yesterday ' s match 
sent a message to Triton rival Meth-
odist Unive",ity (NC). 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies evaluat· 
ing medications are available to 
people 18 or older suffering from 
depression. Symptoms include sad· 
ness, fatigue , loss of interest in 
daily activities. changes in s leep 
and weight, hopelessness, and 
indecision. Suitabl e volunteers 
benefit from free medication. lab 
tests, physicals and psychi nt ric 
evaluations. Small trave l pay· 
ment offered. Call for a con Ii· 
dential evaluation . 

rulQ:! fEIGHNER 
l.J-U U ~~~ 554·0100 

SPORTS 15 

-------------------,.~-----------, 
• 

OWl'S 
La Jolla Marriott 

TEQUILA TUESDAY , 
",s A Rod9n' Good l\me. 

'-nD;VON~'T:;-:F;::::O:::-RG-=-E-T--
HAPPY HOUR 

5-8 p.m. 
$1.00 
APPETIZERS 

$2.25 
TEQUILA SUNRISE 

$TDRA~ 
NIGHT 

Late Night Jammin to Classic Rock $100 Tequila Sho~ 8 pm to dOSing 
TORREY'S A Sail Diego 

Ni~llI,llI b kk:JrcJ ill Ihe 
SJ Il Diq;o 1\ lJrrioll 

4240 u Jolla Village Dr., u Jolla CA 92037 
1619)587-1414 ext. 6220 

T Ii ,. l t: S D J J) l II \ \ I. II F l \ IJ E II t; II \ III \ T E It ESE \ It t: II 

GET PUBLISHED 
\'IIt' will ill '(' (' (li y 01l1' rt'"c al'('h 
palH.'I'S for any major, in an y fi(·ld. 
inrlu(ling ITitil'all'ssilYs, t'XPiUltlt·tl 
11'1'111 ]t:l (lI'I'S, ('oll(It'nst'd st'liior 411' 
h4lllo('s thl' ' I' ~. 

W" will al su 1'1I1,li~h l,hoIO ·. 
Thi~ yt'a(" ~ theilit' i~ UC D 
groH·til. Enlrit·s ~ 1101I1t111l' ""u·k 
illld whill' I'huto~, ;)x7 , 

Deadline for research papers and photos 
is Friday, April 24. 

Please submit entries to the US Grants oUice in the 
Price Center, 3rd floor. 

Questions? Dial 534·3917. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE 6 oz. 'CUp ci java 
Enjoy a cup of fresh-brewed, 

gourmet coffee, on us. 
We think that Once you try it, 

you'll be back for more! 
Wllh coupon only· E~riires Aprii30 . t992 . 

.............................. ~ 

Spirits of 
Saint Germain 

(619) 455-1414 
3251 Holiday Court· La Jolla 

(aero •• from EI Torlto) 
Open every day at 6:00 am 

'. 



16 CLASSIFlEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
APPAREL ZONE Desogner labels lor SO· 
90% 01118250 Camino Santa Fe. t50-3323. 
(419-614) 
VOLUNTEER atA.S. INTERNSHIPOFFICEI 
Gain interpersonal and general offICe skills; 
make oontacts; 3 hrslwk. 5344689. (41t 3·41 
20) 

GREEN MEETlNG Apnl t 6. 7 p.m. with 
Escondido mayor Jerry Harmon. speaking 
as rep. ollhe Comm. 'or Planning Relorm In 
Solana Beach. 753·38991434·75 t 5. (4/13·4/ 
16) 
Summer OtymplcslBarcelona: 3 BR apl. 
Convenlentiy located. renVsh8le July·Sept. 
moderate. In'o Dan 272·5886. (4113-4123) 
AClopt-A·Natlve·EIClar prol.ct. An 
assistance e"ort 01 donated Items and 'ood 
to the Dineh tnbe which IS being 'oreed to 
resIst relocation. Donate by April 4 or Api'll 1 7 
(transport days). 277·0991 Alliance for 
SurvivaVBig Mountain Support Comminee. 
(4/'3-4116) 

The e 
adverti ers make you 

feel right at home with 
rece sion-busting. UCSD 

exclu ive bargain. 
Thank for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ........ .. ... 450·3323 

UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587·3680 
B.J's Pizza .......... ......... . 455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456· 1579 
Domlno's .................... 452·UCSD 
HeidI's ....................... .. 450·3044 
La Jolla BreWing Co .... 456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Dellv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai CUIsine ....... 456·2063 
Sfratford COffee House 481 ·8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ........ . 695· 1990 
Robert's .. . 275· 1132 
Tom's ........................ 450·9494 
Suspension Plus. .... 558·8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash 587·4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ........ 457 ·3384 
Years Ahead ........... 546·7666 
We Care Half .............. 587 ·cun 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Tnm & Tan ................... 455·0909 
Pinwheels .................... 558· 1858 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 
Royalty Nalls ............ 483·6188 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............ 277 ·8255 
Being Fit ... .. .. .. .... 483·9294 
ClaSSical Eye ..... .. .. 452· 7374 
UC Cyclery ................... 452·8842 
Or. McDonald. Opt. ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlusse! D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS. 459·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
CounCil Travel .............. 452·0630 

UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Stor . .... 453·0511 
Miramar at Cabot .. .. ..... 549..<JSOO 

UCSD ETC. 
Audlohle ....................... 459·FILE 
Cal Copy ..................... 452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 277·6744 
MUSIC Trader ................ 693·1469 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450·9291 
Ronkln Educational ...... 587 ·8600 
Video Gallery ............... 452·1 766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
51. Germa,,1's .......... 455·1 414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified adverrisillg is sold ill IS -word illcremems. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal lise only). $3 for faCility and staff. alld $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore. ads nIUST be mailed WiTh a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presemed in person . Deadlines are 3 p .m. Thursdayfor 
Monday's issue. alld 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but nol limited 10 companionship ads. For 
more informaTion call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian. 9500 Gilman 
Drive. 0316. La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Studenl Center A • 10pj100r. 

Fen-ininernt:monlWldllClling? JosepIl F. Kemectt. 
M.D .. lWld t-mis Cheal 0eveI0pment arel9Sllng 
a new O'BMl tor r83lJng \I3gIIU. Worrw¥l willi 
syITllIOrl'$ a vaginaI~. mation. lI:Iw1g. 
and bumrng may be eIigtlIe 10 pMItlp9I8. FIW 
office VISaS am requred c1mg t18 5-week stucIy 
perIOd. A<XlITlJIetephyscafexamisprovidedalno 
charge and SIudy-<elated care IS free. Tho6e 
CIJrTllIeting the study '" be paid $lSO For Iur1her 
;'forrnallon. cal PIppa Taytor RN at (619) 455-
7520 belween 9 am. and 4 p.m. Monday tI1rnJ!I1 
FrUay. (3/9-4116) 

Dissertation Wor1lshops. CofT'4)tete your 
dissertation, For wnUen information or 
scheduling. call 692·0966 Postgraduate 
group. (3130-6/4) 
Ping Pong - The Table TennIS Assodahonat 
UCSD has lust been formed. II you enJOY 
playu'9 or want \0 learn. oome by and rally With 
uS Our rrst meeting w~1 be held Fnday April t 7 
at 6 p m. ,n the lee conlerence room. Contact 
Mano at 558·2087 lor more Inlo. (4/'6) 
Royal Brotherhood 01 Excellence presents 
S,sfer's Day. to acknowtedge and celebrafe 
Alncan·Amencan women. Event inC Ids. 
speakers. musIC. food. etc. FREE . Apnl l9th. 
7-9 p.m. PrICe Center Auditorium . In 1o 558· 
8061 (Marshall). (4/16) 
MuSIC Software from Coda and Passport at 
spooal student and educatIOn discounts only 
at New Wortd Music & Sound. EtampUe Mac 
or IBM. onty 2SO

' 
Trax lor Mac or IBM only 

$601 Call NOW 569· 1944. (4/16-4120) 

Ever considered teaching? Teach for America 
IS holding an Info night about nationwide 
opponunrties to teach. roght aNer completing 
your bachelor's degree. April 21 . 7 p.m. San 
FranclSCOISanta Barbara room. (4116-4/20) 
Easter Sunday meditation celebratlOl1 . lnhn~e 
WindS Center. 2210 Encinitas Blvd . Apnl '9. 
7 30 p.m. 436-6595. (4116) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost. Black prescription sunglasses on upper 
campus In black case. Reward. Call Jeff at 
452·7629 (419-411 6) 
Lost. Btue. men's Irame skykornlsh mountain 
bike Large. Silver & turquOIse 'lower nng 
(h'9h sentimental value). keys With lish & 
sandal key chainS. REWARD IF ANY 
RETURNEDI LorI 558·6631. (4116) 

SERVICES 
Word Processing/TYPing : AcademIC 
manuscripts. papers. theses . lelle rs. 
resumes Aocurate/Fast servICe. Mary Ann 
452·9439. (3130-4130) 
Parvaneh's SkIn Care - FaCIalS. waxlflg. IasIl 
lints. permanent eyekner. 10% OFF with ed. 
Aniliclal and Natural nails. manICUre and 
pedrCuresby Ashley. 1 0".4 OFF with ad. Nalural 
natls & pedrcures by Rebeoca. , 0% OFF wtIh 
ad. Call lor appointment Tang'" Salon. 
Renaissanoo Centre. 552·1174. (3120-514) 

DO YOU HAYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed r or re 'eare hand 
diagno~lic\ . plu ' earn up 

to $100 per wed . 

Plca~e call 
MD LABORATORIES 

226·1733 

TLC TYPING. ' Word processing With Care.-
Reports. Papers. Resumes. Forms. La_Jet 
printer. Student rates. 279·0309. (4113·517) 

VIOLINNIOLA LESSONS. You or your 
child(ren) can learn Irom an experienced. 
pro'essional teacher. Now accepting students 
- all ages and levels welcome. Call Conrad: 
552·0494. (3130~4) 

OtgaBan- Electrologist:'2OO to 1500hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. 558-46441226· ' 962. (3/30-6/4) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only 55.95. While youw8J1. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St Germain·s. 452·9949. (9123-614) 

Typing servICe. term papers. etc. Editing 
availabte. QUick turnaround. low rates. 267· 
4456. (4/9-4127) 

FtNANCtNG A HIGHER EDUCATION. Call 
1-800-944·0066 x9872 for Iree info·pac. No 
obligation. (3130-4123) 

COMPUTER RENTAL SPECIAL! Complete 
IBM compa\Jble cofT'4)uter system WIth 30MB 
Hard Dnve and soltware. Free setup and 
delivery . $50 per month . DaYldson 
Communications - 465·9004 . (412-4123) 
WORD PROCESSING - papers. resumes. 
manuscnpts. etc. Laser printing. Proolreadl 
spellcheck. Rush servoce and free cafT'4)US 
plCk·up/delivery available. $2.OOIOS page. 
Next day servrce on most orders. Sharon 
481 ·7604. (41'6-4120) 
Piano singirog. guitar lessons. at home or at 
our studios. All levels and styles. (800) 227· 
6222. (41'6·5111) 

WORD PROCESSING. reports. term papers. 
essays. elc .. lor quality typing at reasonable 
rates caU 792·9690. (4116-4123) 

FOR SALE 
Airline bxs. SD to Oakland 4/16-4119. $981 
Obo. Call DenIse 792·2392. (419-4/16) 
FUTON. Navy wllrame. oonverts Irom couch 
to lull bed. MUST SELL! $SO. Kerina 272· 
1039 (411 3-4120) 
SURFBOARD M,tsven (6.10) S' 50 and VW 
RABBIT ('80) $1000. Call 534·5767 or 453· 
8039. (411 3-4120) 

Medrum·sized compact relrigerator. Great 
condition. $70. 274·2957 (4/13·4/ 16) 
Acoustic guitar WIth case. $'25 ; large travel 
backpack. $75; 400K Mac external dnve. 
$50; 12·in electric fan . $20 Call William. 688· 
130' (leave message). (41'3-4116) 
New. unopened HP95LX Palmtop PC (512K 
RAM). Lotus 1·2·3. MS·OOS Release 2.2. 
organizer tools. data communication. $399. 
450·9130 Jason. (4/13-4116) 

1979 Datsun 210. Air. AMlFM. cassene. 
spare. rides greal. $900. Call : 459-4650. (4/ 
13-4/16) 
Peter Frampton concert tickets. $10 off. Call 
Steve 271 ·90'6. (41'3 '41'6) 
Futon and Irame $100. Full size matress set 
$65. Buill< bed COfT'4)lete. $' 59. Can deliver. 
222·4771 (4/6-4130) 

Bean Futons 
Bags 4 

$17'5:, Less 
WHOlESAlE High.end 

PRICES MOns ot 
~UFACTURER lo~, lo~ 

:.-; <~DIRECT I prices ~-~ , 
. ,A' BUN lAG IAIGIS l:J ... AYAIIAILI 
.~ futons For less 

. i) The Bun BAS M.uI 

.. 

8266 Miramar Rd. 
578-5745 

SURFBOARDS FOR SALE sizes range from 
6'1' to 6'6-. Good conditions. cheap prices. 
Waters warming up. YOU 're out therel 552· 
0920. Give a message. (419-4116) 
1988 Honda Elite 80 scooter. Parking permit. 
Surf rack. Needs work . $300. Call Jennifer 
546·1856. (4/16-4/23) 
SCOOTER: Yamaha Kiva 180. Looks. runs 
good. New battery. Helmet. $3SO Obo. Yun 
483·7957. (4116) 

BURMESEPYlltON-tame.healthy. lemale 
(3 h.). Needs a responsible owner. $'75. Call 
Karen or Greg. 488-'940. (4116-4120) 
'84 Honda motorcycle. CB 125. Runs great 
and looks brand new t Plus fun face helmet. 
S6000b0. Days/Eyes 457·34tO. (41'6-4130) 
45 MByte Removable Hard Oisk With extra 
cartridges. USE with IBMlMACINEXT. 20 ms 
access. 5114' aluminum platters. Brand name. 
industry standard- SyQuestType-sell all 
or part. Mark 452·3759. (4116-4123) 
Tickets to Q~am. Aprit 24 at Starlight Bowl. 
Best otter. Call 272·2099 or page 984·5602. 
(41t 6-4123) 

1983 Toyota Tercel. good condition. AMIFM. 
spare. S' 200. Call 458-39SO. (41'6-4120) 
Eddie Bauer external frame pack. $40 000. 
Alpine 80 wan Cal amp $100 000. Jeff 452· 
3238. Leave message. (41'6) 

WANTED 
Roommate lor Spri1g Quarter wanted. Share 
bedroom with neat & considerate roommate. 
Possilility of having a single. S25OImo. (Price 
negotiable). SoI<m Beach. 2 min. walttobeach. 
Conlacl Randy: 792.()()8' . (3/30-4127) 
Republican volunteers wanted. come join the 
ALAN UKE Congressional Campaign. we Will 
have a table at the Price Center Friday 4/17 
Irom , 1 to , :30 or call 226·6767. (4/16) 
, 992·93 Volunteer Connection paid statt 
positrons openl Apply 3rd lloor Price Center 
or call 534·1414. (4116-4123) 
Piano voice and guitar teachers part time. 
Highest rates paid. 944·5'99. (41'6·5/' 1) 
Paid interview lor adult children 01 pSycho 
therapists (psychiatr is ts. psychologists . 
clinical social workers) lor study on impact of 
parents' career on children of practicing 
psycho theraprsts. Please call Barbara Cain 
"54·3491 for appointment at Galllr8JIh HaU. 
(4116-4120) 
Intern wanted 'or real estateAegai service 
' irm. Non·paying. Call Tim Cassidy at 275· 
2525. (41'3·4123) 

HOUSING 
Roommate Wanted I $425 for beautiful . 
executive bayview home in Bay Parl<- 4 
bedroom12 ba Andrea/Kelly 275·2525. (41 
'3-4123) 

Nicely lurnished condo near UCSD. HUGE 
master bedroom: two closets. own bath . 
sundeck. Available now. Short or long. term. 
S4951mo .. , 13 utililies. Call Karen. Man or 
Mike 457·3027. (41'3-41'6) 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

Own room ., PaCIIic Beach house. Bad<yard. 
Iaund-y. g;wage. $333. ,/3 utiIlas. 274-'925. (41 
13-4116) 
wen. to mike rnorwy whie you are out a town 
this st.mmer? Rent you- house. apamtent or pM 
thereof tJ responsl:JIe law SIUdents who wi be 
~ at Seltzer CapIarl WiII,ns & McMahon., 
Sar1 Diego. Pte.- cal 685-3 t 64 tor M1her 
lllomlllior,. (-4113-61. ) 

Room tor rent i1 3BR house i1 Clai'emont Mesa. 
Washet/cryfJI. garage. backyard. $3'5 + 113 
lJiIities. move in ASAP. 558-8036. Paid trd May. 

(~'6) 

ROOM 4 RENT - i1 spadous La JoIa CXlI'GI3 
mino.Aes 110m ~ MoYe in May 1 st. Cal tor 
details SIrl ·25ot9. AS< tor S;m;rrtta (419-4/16) 

Huge rraster bectoom tor one 01 twO roort"ITlaIS 
in spacb.6 La JoIaCXll'Gl. Cklse tl carTlJUS. Cal 
tor details. SIrl·25ot9. Somrtfla. (419-41'6) 

For rent Towntra.e - .- bus line. UTC. 
washiK/cryfJI. dishwasher. t '12 baIhs. poet 3 
bec*tJorns. Owner not bchIrsomelWld-.,¢ 
10 fix trings. Cal SIrl ·9261 . l.eaw message. (41 
'6-4130) 
ROOM FOR RENT in proIessor's home. La JoIa 
Shores .- beach iW1d Ws. quiet non-smoker 
pral9II'ed. April 1O..ooa. $4OO'mo. incLd8sal. ()-. 
Epstein4S4-3160. 534~1 . (4116-4120) 
LaJoia W a 1·5 near UCSO. Unh.m<1t.m sumy 1 
t.- lWld stu<io apIS from $SOO. 24-i"lorx securIy. 
paIiositlablnies. BBOs. By Trader Joe'S, bus 
stop. showing. 452-8850. (41' 6-4130) 
Furnished house tor rent July/August. Walt.. to 
beach. Vilage La JoIa 274-6424. $24OO'mo. (41 
16) 
3 beOtxxn cxrd:l ott Eastgale Mal avaiWlIe 
5epterrtle- , . WiW>e<Ictyer. pool. Cal Nina 792· 
6453. (41' s-tI27) 
WALKTOUCSD. 2 BR. W&D.garage. pool. new 
carpets. available OON $795. Cal agent454-9860. 
(41'6) 

EMPLOYMENT 
I Can, BeIie'JIllt's Yogutl LaJoia seeks pM·tine 
~. Please call: Monte. 459-6397. (4Iti4"6) 
FIT St.mmer ~ Assistanl Mac 
experienc&'strong corrm.ricaIion skis dE9'ed. 
$S.5Ghr. Jerrier457-9682. (41'34'30) 
CRUISE SHI'S HaN HIIWG-Ean$2.ClOO+i 
month + world travel (Hawaii. Mexico. the 
Carmean. etc.). Holiday. Slrrmer iW1d carMI' 

~avaiabIe. NoexperiencertealSS!WY. 
For ~ program cal 1·206-545-4155 
ex\. C4SO. (Y.J0..6/4) 

Homemaiers wanted. Earn S5OO+ a week. For 
detailssendaSASEtlFUTURE EmERPRISES. 
P.O. BOX 15349. San Diegl. CA 92175. (3112-41 
20) 

POSTAL. JOBS AVAILA8LE1 Many positions. 
Grealbenelils. Cal (005) 682·7555. Ext P-3387. 
(412-4127) 

EXCEPTlONAL 5UWIER OPPORTUNTY -
Camp W¥'t8 NE PA (3 tvsINYC) 00I.nS8I0r/ 
specialISt positions - all landlwater sports. 
c:arTlling. COI'fllU\EIIS. MC. radio. Write us at 55 
Channef Drive. Port WasI1i~. NY 11 OSOorcai 
5 t 6-883·3007. (2<27-4130) 

PlANNER·ENVIRONMENTAL - Exp. with 
CEQI'. & NEPA. 1·2 yrs preferred. Knowfedge 01 
naIUraI resources. geology & biology. Masters il 
Planningor related field. FlexiJle. strong anaIyIica 
& 'Miting skis. Salary DOE. Women & mi10rities 
enoot.raged 10 apply. EOOM resumes to: Myra 
Fra'1k & Assoc. . 81' W. 7th St. jj8()(J. LA. CA 
900'7. (41'3-41'6) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
Cruiseshlps. Students also needed 
Christmas. Spring and Summer for 
Amusement Park employment. Call (805) 
682·7555. Exl. F·3147. (412·4127) 
National marketing lirm seeks all students 
and student organizations interested in 
eaming$SOO·$, SOO for one week on-campus 
project. Call Melanie about this fun and easy 
program at 1-IlOO·592·2t21 x1230rLorixl54. 
(4/16-4127) 

LAW CLERKISECRETAAY - Accurate typing. 
good ~ sIcils. detaiklriented. FlextJie hours. 

office~8-5:30. $S.2Sperhcx.r. Calbinterview 
- 560-84('6. (41' 6-4127) 

I USED 
i L!!~~ 

BIKER 
JACKETS 

from $99 
UNIQUI YlNTAGI GAIl 
-Retro Ihrv 21 sl Century-

Howaiian • Military • 
Flower Power • Cool shades & 

T·shirts 
COSTUMES 

fAt l M' t l ' S 
48 19 Nt. ,I A.. • 0 222 ·0220 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

PART 1WrIE OR RJLl TIlE. $1000-$3000' 
fTIOI'lfl. We tain you. Fill & exaing~e. 

~ us ~ ile pIirtet's 8I1\IWQR118f1l Cal tor 
appollt" ... 587~. (4116-4123) 

PERSONALS 
1nI~ House IS a grEliill cross-<:ulUralliwtg 
opporurcyl ~ tor '992193 available at 
Pepper Carlyon & Intemaional CIr (Jr .• Sr .• Grd.) . 
Due ~. 21 . (3J3O.4I2O) 

Krav Maga self-<lefensedass torUCSDstudenlS 
and faaJtty. Same system taught 10 nmy 'ederal. 
stale<rdtoca 1a\!,001forCIIII rer ~agenaes.nc:t.x:ing 
FBI. IIIi1OI5 Slate Police. and S.WAT. Easy 10 
learn. Highly e«ecuve T aJgI'it in a fnendIy. non· 
threaIenilg8f1llWOOfT1enlClassspacesarelimi1ed 
as a result 01 fldllidualrzed 1f1SlI'IJaJOn. Reserve 
yourspaoe todayl Calf619-~. (4113-4116) 
T ec:IvOOgyprincess.CUruecobsamrea:llded: 

whle-gey~-<ed-blu&-yeIow. Ustsn. 
(4113-&4) 

ALAN UKE. 'ormer UCSD student and 
congressional carrldaIe is Iookrng lor voIuntoors. 
Come 10 fle Pri::e Carter on FrUay 41' 7 from 11 
10 , :30 lor nue ;,formation and tal< tl C3IJll<Iigr1 
SIaff. or cal HaTRS 226-0767. (4116) 
KAPPAS-<nat day at the SWIITl meet Sunday I 
Same lime next yearl?! - FUIS. (4/16) 

RITESOF PASSAGEofntesapassageol rites ... 
May t2. 1992. Indigo Girls. l-eoo-554·3742. (41 
'6) 
To the V-baI studs a AXn: We're proud 01 you! 
Love. your SISters. (41'6) 

The SISIers a AXn congratulate altha teams who 
00I1"P8Ied at ISvr. (4116) 

The UCSD Guardian 

You Can Be the 
Head Honcho! 
The Guardian is currently accepting 
applications for the 1992-1993 
Editor in Chief. Applications should 
consist of resume, clips and cover letter, 
and are due Thursday, May 7, 1992. 

~ "II" your 81tp1riat1on to the 
GI •• cIan oIIIces on the secGI" floor 
of the old Student Center or mall it 
to n.e UCSD Gaadan, 9500 Gil ..... 
Drive 0316, La .lola, CA 92Q93.0316. 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

To: WIrtis' Greatest Roomre. Kyung. I love you . 
I love you. Happy 8-Day. Boeger Suns. (41'6) 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CAll:534 · 6580 

• fQEE PQEC A Y TE6Tl 
• Pre8nanc), Termination 

8eneraljlocal ane lhesi 
• Mfordabl \)irih onLrol 
• onftdential ~ P rsonBI 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

~ 0\ you can keep up your active life-
style \\ ith lighted 
tennis COlll'tS. sand 
volleyball courts 
and fully equipped 
mne centers. just 
steps from your 

o\~n rront door. 
• Furnished and unful'llished studio. one and two lJedrooms 
• Locations close to campus 
• Take advantage of Oakwood's reduced deposits with leller 

or CllI'ollment or campus 1.0 . 
You 'lI also 'njo~ Oakwood's t 'sort QUCllity s\\illll11ing ~P~0.i().IS .... ~~~ 
spas. saunas. palty l'OOI11S. big scl'een TV rooms • 
anti barbecue area 

"'01' Informaliull III 11'~ ' r'ullllll'i nil It If , .t,uIIS In P.I{ lilt ' B. ', 1l h . t :ul"tlll:ulu. \11 ... :0-.11111 \ •• 111'\ . 
Of 1 .. 1 ,Iulla pll'a ...... nlll ti 19-490-2400 _ ~ h 101' iUrUl"llIatillll I I" 0\1" ~tO toe. II It IllS 
n.1I 1011\\ I,t,· "" ... ",. ,. 111 I-8CHt-KlU\-OHOH. 
\1titld'i HIX'II <l tlll' H-h :'\UI'I'\ nu 1)t'I~ 

Go to The Beach this Summer 
California State University. Long Beach 

Summer Sessions '92. 3 Sessions 
June 1 - July 10 • June 22 - July 31 • July 13 - August 21 

• Over 1300 classes offered in 75 departments 
• Easy registration -VISA and MasterCard accepted 
• No formal admission to the University required 
• Day and evening classes 
• General Educatiol1 classes 
• Units are transferravle 

Call for a free class scheaule: (310) 985-2~60 
or write to: Summer Sessions, CSULB, 

j250 Bellflower Blvd., Long Beach. CA 90840-8002 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

7044 Flanders Drive 

APECIALS! ~ With student 1.0. 
THIRD MONTH Call about FREE TRUCK FREE (u IIAUL~ I 

, TRUCK RENTAL 

./ ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
t/ NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 
t/ NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
t/ HILTON QUALITY AT MOTEL 6 ~ PRICES 
t/ CAU FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

~ ~ - , ct P G-eo:. MIRA MESA elYD. ~ V~ (iI ~ 
:e"~ ~ • IAGE ~ I t:! 0 N STOll ~ " 453-0511 r/) a: U flAHOEAS II ~ ~"Dr. _uo. ~ 



18 SPORTS 

• The Guardian takes a 
look at the UCSD 
Extramural Program, its 
teams and its people 
By Blair Rlcley 
Scaff Wricer 

At a university where intercolle-
giate athletics lake a back seat, other 
progmms also tend to get lost in the 
shuffle. In the second and final part 
of thi~ series, the Guardian 100 at 
five more extramuml sports and the 
Mudents who participate. 

ULTIMATE DISC 

The gameofultimatedisc, played 
with a frisbee, is a cross between 
soccer and football . Since players 
are not allowed to run with the di~c, 
they must throw it to their team-

mate~ in order to move down the 
field . A <;core,ortou hdown.collnts 
for one point, and the game;, are 
played to 13. The winner mu:-.t win 
by two points. 

111e U SO Ultimate Disc team 
has had a surprising year thus far. 
N t only have 15 more members 
come out to play than did last year, 
but they also have played remark-
ably well in tournament competi-
tion. Led by Sam LaBrie and Tom 
Nusser, the team went 4-0 in the 
Pomona-Pitzer tournament. The 
UCSO "Air Squids" defeated Cal 
Poly San Luis Obispo, Occidental , 
Cal Tech and Cal State Northridge. 
These impressive wins have helped 
give UCSD a respectable name in 
the Southern California Ultimate 
League, as well as a rank of 20th in 
the nation. 

Team representative Eric 
Hoffman believes this year has been 
very special. "Compared to the last 
couple years, we're a much stronger 
team. We hope to do well in 
eclionals and regionals Wld maybe 

go to the nationals,·· he said. 
The "Air Squids" will compete 

in sectionals on May 2 at UCSD. 
They will face league foe UCSB, 
which is mnked in the top 10. Then 
the tearn will tmvel to Davis to play 
in the Western Collegiate Regionals 
on May 9 and 10. The top two teams 
in the region play in the nationals. 

SAILING 

The extramumal teams with 
hopes to travel to national do not 
end with Ultimate Disc. The UCSO 
sailing team also has a good hot at 
competing with the nation's best. 
Co-captain Giselle Camet and 
Caiyn Grirn are the team leaders this 
year. They are paired together in the 
A division. and sail in the two-crew, 
two-sail. 13-foot ·'Aying Junior." 
Bree Andrews, Stacy Straw, Laum 
Stone and Marianne Hawkins are 
also top qualifiers for the team in 
both the A and B division . 

The team consists of roughly 20 
members and practices at the Mi -
ion Bay Yacht Club. The team 

competes in 20 to 30 minute ra e 
which make up reganas. There are 
eight regattas between Winter and 
Spring. The top five school from 
Southern and Northern California 
qualify for the regional. The top 
two boat in the regional will get 
the chance to race against the best in 
the country in the nationals, which 

The UCSD Guardian 

M 

SECOND IN A TWO-PART SERIES 

GuarCIIOWl File Photo 
The rugby team had -the best season we've ever had,· according to Head Coach Tom Butler. 
will take place at Charle I 11 , S uth meers. The team · score is decided on the team as he placed 15th in the 

arolina in June. using the top three time for each slalom and 42nd in the giant slalom 
"Our biggest goal right now is to racer on the A tearn. competitionatatoumamentatMam-

make it to the nationals, and right The team competed in the SCC moth earlier this year. Gini paced 
now we ·re tmining really hard to do Ski Conference against schools such the men, as he fini hed in 25th place 
it,·' Camet said. She added that as UCLA. UCSB,LongBeachSlate, in the slalom and 30th in the giant 
anyone with sailing experience is and SDSU. The Tritons began the slalom at the same tournament. 
welcome to come out for the team. season red-hot, as they co~sistenlly The ski team' last event will be 

RUGBY 

"This team is the best team rve 
had by far in the eight years rve 
been coaching." That' how coach 
Tom Butler de ribed hi UCSD 
rugby team, which dominated rival 
San Diego schools en route to an 
awesome 19-9 record this year. 

The game. which is similar to 
American football , i played with 
two tearns, consistingoffifteen play-
ers each, eight forwards and seven 
defensemen. 

There are three types of scores, a 
touchdown (try), which counts for 
four points. the score after touch-
down, which counts for two points. 
and a drop kick or penalty kick. 
which counts for three points. 

The squad, led by Eric Takeuchi, 
Devon Shea, Matt Cohen and Mall 
GrogWl, had a 4-4 record in league 
play and a 19-9recordoveml\. How-
ever, that record was not good enough 
to qualify the team for the Pacific 
Coast Playoffs. 

Highlights of the year for the 
rugby team included a 25-4 thrash-
ing of the University of San Diego. 
a 8-7 squeakeroverSan Diego State, 
and a trip to the Bahamas. 

'"The Bahamas trip over spring 
break was thchighlight of the season 
for us:' Butlersaid. "This is the be t 
season we've ever had." 

ALPINE SKIING 

Probably the mo t unrecognized 
of all the extnulluml sports is the 
snow skiing team . The team , 
coached by Ian Gini, con ists of 
roughly 20 racers, divided into two 
divi ion. A and B. 111e A division 
i ncludes the top five men and women 

finished in the top five in each rJce. on April 18 and 19, where they plan 
Their awe orne stan allowed them to succeed. "We should do real well 
to compete in the regionals at the as the whole team is going up:' Gini 
end of February, where they didn't said. Commenting on the competi-
fare 0 well. tion, Gini added, " It's as competi-

Michelle Annett led the women tive as you make it yourself." 

I 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

MEN'S LACROSSE 

The UCSD men's lacrosse team 
began the season slowly, and ended 
it on a positive note. 

In a season that began in January 
and ended last week, the team de-
feated three re peelable schools en 
routetoa3-9 record, with two of the 
wins coming in the last two game . 

The squad consist of25 players, 
including forwards, midfielders, 
defenders and goalkeepers. lead-
ing the team th is year were 
defensemen Darren G~ pary and 
Andrew Reynolds and mid fielder 
Lee Carter. 

In addition, the team features a 
wealth of new talent with five fresh-
men who were among the top seven 
scorers on the team, including tearn 
scoring leader Brent Hilsabeck who 
paced the team with 13 goal . Ben 
Stewart, Jae Lee, Dave Pakter and 
Dave Pogrel were also high scorers. 

The team participated in the 
Western Collegiate Lacrosse 
League, Division I South, which 
includes UCLA, Whittier, Arizona, 
Arizona State, SDSU, and UCSB. 

Highlight of the eason for the 
lacrosse team included a 12- 10 win 
over Arizona State, a 17-7 bashing 
ofUSD,and a 6-5 nailbiterwinover 
Loyola Marymount. The close 
match with LMU featured an in-
credible finish, as mid fielder Pakter 
scored for UCSD with just two sec-
onds remaining in the game to give 
the Tritons the win. 

" Despite our record, it was a 
pretty positive season. We had a 
brand new team that played well. 
The future looks real Iy good for us," 
Head Coach Bruce Seitz said. 

from the team, and the B divi ion '* McOowei'~ 
incorporate · the remainder of the The Triton lacrosse team was sparked by the play of its defense and the performance of a number of rookies. 

Thunday, April 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTS CALENDAR 
April 16 to April 23 

(Home games are shaded) 
BASEBALL WOMEN'S TENNIS 

SatunIIy, AprI1J.8iola University-Noon Friday, April17~laremont College-2 p.m. 
TUIIday, AprI21.Qccidental College-3 p.m. 
TIIursdIy, Apr1123iloint Lorna Nazne College.2:30 p.m. 

Saturday, AprIl 18-Pomona-Pil2er College-l0 a.m. 
Thunday, AprIl 23-0jai Tournament-All Oay 

WOMEN 'S CREW MEN'S TENNIS 
SIIunIIy, AprI1J.Sal Diego City CtanPonshiPs-7 am. Frldlly, Ap11117-1Jniversity of Redlands-3 p.m. 

MEN'S CREW TRACK AND FIELD 
SIIunIIy, AprI1J.Sal Diego CityChan~ps-7 a.m. 
s., CMto Cny Clew ~ips rake place at AIissm Bay 

Thur.-5at., AprIl 16-lHoont San Antonio College Relays-TBA 
Friday, Apr1117~onaPitzer College Invitational·l0 a.m. 

SOFTBALL WOMEN'S WATER POLO 
_.-$at., AprIl aaucsD Triton Classic·TBA Friday, Apr1117~ V*,,6qJaticsll<¥sTeIll-7 pm. 
T .... y, April 21~nt Lorna Nazarene CoIlege-2 p.m. Wednesday, AprIl 22-OCSD Men's Junior Varsity-3:30 p.m. 

CARD 
ContInued from page 13 
in the playoffs I was four years old 
and they were the Buffalo Braves? 

won't make it very far. 
A little reality again. 
I ' ll cast my vote for the Bulls in 

the east-yes. I'm always onetogo 
out onalimb. And, be lieve itornol, 
I'll pick the Warriors in the west. 

thing again. You know it's true: you 
just have trouble bringing yourself 
to say it. 

Hell, I'll be cheering for them. The Guardian 
Yes,aLakersfanpickingGolden 

State in the finals. 
Laugh at me, call me what you 

will. call me a heretic. I'm just kind 
of facing the facts - looking at the 
truth. 

And why nol? I'm a fan of L.A. 
basketball. If it's going to be the Los 
Angeles Clippers instead oflhe Los 
Angeles Lakl.'rs I can deal with that 
for now. It doesn't mean I love the 
Lukers any less. 

Of course, even the Clippers It 's kind of like that Michigan Read It. Recycle It. 

4 5 7 • , 0 G' 0 
• Fine Chinese Cuisine 
• Freshly Made to Order 
• Delivered Free, to Your Door 

"mrol1D'_ ::::-=:s-..dR .. 
I FRIDAY-SUNDAY I FREE with every order 
I Buy any entree at regular I 
I price and get a second one of I 
I the same or lesser value for I 
I $-350 I : Mention this ad and get a 
I just I I FREE EGGROU & L __________ .J I FREE SOFT DRINK 

WEEKDAYS 

L U N C H : with any dinner entree 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L __________ .J 

Portions from just $3" 
I Our Menu Includes: 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Hot 'N Crispy 
Pepper Sleak 
ChowMein 
LoMein 
Beef & Broccoli 
Sweet & Sour 
Cashew Chicken 

Vegetarian Sizzle 
Orange Peel 
Kung Poo 
Hot & Spicy 
Mao Goo Goi Pan 
Fried Rice 

OPEN 7 DAYS 11 am· 1 0 pt!l CAll NOW! 
457·1080 
3211 Holiday Court 

off of Villa La Jolla (near Col Copy) 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Steals 

Rfntals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

BabyslUers 

Computers 

Tutors 
Ind more in 

The GlUU'ditul 
Classineds. 
Wbatdo 

1011 need? 

........ r ... 
upstairs in the 

Student Center, 
above the 

General Store. 

·---.--.. -~ ......... - - -

in La Jolla 

Bloody Mary 
Screwdriver 
or Mamosa 

SPORTS 19 

, 

with purchase of breakfast or lunch. 
Mon.-Sat. 7 am-2 pm 

Limit-2 per person. 
Patio seating avilable. 

S~4. 
6737 La Jolla Blvd. 
456-6660 

M'j Favonte travel ~nC\} 
ALL OUR TRAVEL CONSULTANTS 

ARE MATURE, RELIABLE 
AND EXPERIENCED 

• Fast, Attentive Service 
• Competitive Fares on Non-Official Travel 
• Free TIcket Delivery 

LOCATED JUST OFF CAMPUS 
BEHIND EL TOAITO AND ELEPHANT BAR 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, #1212 
La Jolla, CA 92037·1705 

Call (619)558·0184 



20 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 16, 1992 

1M RANKINGS 

SOFTBALL As oj April 14 
MEN'S 'AM' 10. Pus:2 Refinemenl 
1. Choke 0-0 
2. SAE 2-0 COED 'AA' 
3. Captain Fogcutlers 1-0 1. Boobs N' BaIts 
4. Grand Sam I-a 2. Jobu Needs A Refill 
5. Team Pi Kapp 1-0 3. Norm 
6. Not On Our Team 1-0 4. 4 Men & A Harem 
7. Oriole's Suck 1-0 5. llq'er Box 
8. SC 1-1 6. Shooters 
9. Bmer 1-1 7. Sea Monkeys 
to Slidmg Drabos 0-1 8. Big SIlCks & Mark 

9. Scripps 
MEN'S 'M' 10. Deep Drive In The Gap 
1. Plrnpln' Am'l Easy 2-0 
2. Barn's 81g Bal 1-0 COED 'A' 
3. Domnant Lelhals 1-0 1. Reid 01 Wei Dreams 
4. Too Lale 1-0 2. Smell The Glove 
5. A Pork Prophecy 1-0 3. InSlgOlficanl Others 
6. Dodgers Suck 1-0 4. Rough BellybuHons 
7. KriSS Kross 2-0 5. Yo Manna 
8. Purple Helmut 2-0 6 Amboguous Frog 
9 Spew Crew 1-0 7. Schwmg 
10. Bats 0u11a Hell 2·0 B Slide II In 

9. Bela ParllCies 
MEN'S 'A' 10. Mall1lficent Ones 
I Each Hit 2-0 
2. Tappa Kegga Brew 2-0 WOMEN'S 
3. Flamng Homers 1-0 1. ChiCks Wilh Balls 
4. Oh Mylantha 1·0 2 Nobody Cares 
5. Banana Siuds 2-0 3 We Slug Balls 
6. Weekend Warnors 2-0 4. Eye~ners 
7. 1·900-Spanked 1-0 5. Saftey Word Is ... LAX 
8. Peenile Halolosls 2-0 
9. Hedgehog Madness 1-0 

11tH ANMJAL NATIONAL 
FLOOR HOCKEY 
TOURNAMENr 

2-0 

2-0 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-0 
1-0 

2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
2-0 
1-0 
1-0 
2-0 

1-0 
1-0 
1-0 
0-0 
0-1 

This rornng FndaylSatl-fday UCSD WllleallJ'e the best hockey \I'is side 01 the 
SIMa. Yep. the 11th AmJaI Nabonal Floor Hod<ey tro-nament to be heklllllha 
RedIeIdorre. aI<a the Rae Gym. Thsis deime!y a shcwi:aseeventlor fIoorhodley 
In the Unted Stales. There are lOOms from aI ovef the country sholWlg ~ 10 slap 
the pock around. 

In the old days o/the too.xnarmlI. UCSD used to be great We won five Illes in 
a row and were in dangef of ha";ng the tWnameIlI trophy retired perrrorently due 
10 no COI1llf!Ii1lon. Bullhose days are gone abng 'Mlh aJlhe great players who 
domnated the tounameflt Now we have te<m> 'Mnoog from the Universrty of 
Arizona. the UrtverSIIy 01 San Dego. and other sW1 ~ places. Whal 
hawef1ed to the good or days? 

Wfil. we'veheallHhalttis nnaybetheyearUCSD returns fothegloryyears. Led 
t1t the bIllianI 'No\ A Chaoce Of Thai Puck Gelling By Me' goatteroer Greg Koran 
Ihey have a greal chance of rekming to the'Mmer's orcle. Greg is as soid as they 
come. In factif he cruId score t'imself the res! of the squadwoufdn1 need 10 show 

~. 
So come on CUI and rool for the hcIre leam ttis weekend. AemeIrblIthe fina1s 

are hi SaILfday atS:!Xlp.m .. so be 1heIe earty to get a good seat 

OTL, VB Tournaments 
Headline at UCSD 
Beach Sports Festival 

II's Ihe rcason many of us came 
10 school here inlhc first place. 

l~n ' l il'! Acadcmic~. c·mon ... who 
arc we kidding'! Yah. right ! 
We'ro lalking aboul THE 
BEACHI The reason most of us 
are al UCSD. but of course. 
ThaI 's why we came! 

After all . Ihere 's 1101 many 
places you can gel an educalion 
and ~ I i ll be righl on the beach. 
Pcpperdine. yahoo.Santa Barbara. 
nOI bad ... Sama Cruz. Ihal 's 
strelchin' it! BUI San Diego. 
where docs it gel any bener Ihan 
this. 

And now that pring is here, its 
time to climb out of Ihe library 
and ta~e advantage of th is place. 
Yes, we're tult..ing about all of 
you. 
THE BEA H i back. and you 
need to be on it. Especially on 
Saturday, April 25th. 

For beach sport enthusia~ts. its 
defi nilely happening that day as 
UCS D cclebrates il ~ 16th annual 
BEACII SPORTS FESTIVAL al 
Manncr's Poinl 111 Ml>sion Bay 
Pari.. . Fnr tho~c new 10 Ihc U. thc 
Beach Sports Feslival is really 
IWO sports even IS in one. Over-
The-Linc and Two-Man Beach 
Voll eyball. Two differenl games. 
IWO di ffcrenttournarnents. Samc 
beach. Same amount of fun . 

OurOver-Thc-Linc Tourna-
ment (3-person beach softball) 
ha been a lixture on the campus 

calcndar for ycars. Ovcr-The-
Line is Sun Diego's homegrown 
sport of Ihe fUlure. 

Even though its been around 
for nearly 40 year.; onthc beaches 
of Mis ion Bay. il only recently 
has been laking off around thc rest 
of the U.S. Today Ihc game is 
played in over 20 slales. and has 
large following in Arizona. Las 
Vegas. and Long Beach. 

Thc nati nally renowned 
OMBAC World Championship 
tournament is held annually every 
July in San Diego and attracts 
well over 1100 tournament teams 
and tens of thousands of partiers 
10 boot. 

Our UCS D tournamenl is 
obviously nOI as grandiose. but no 
less exciting. e pecially for those 
of you that arc gell ing exposed to 
OTL for Ihe fir ttime. We' lI 
have four divisions of pl ay that 
should li t evcryone's personal 
need: Men 's, Women's, Cocd 
(alleast one of thc three learn 
members mu I be of the opposile 
sex), and IFe (Inter-Fralcrnily 
Council). 

Enlries arc currently being 
taken al the Canyonvicw 
Recrealion Offices. OTL tcam 
en lries are 21.00 per thrcc-
per..on learns wi th all tournament 
participants receiving a com-
memorative OTL tournament hat 
or visor. Plemy of food and 
refreshments will also be 

available for tournament 
participants. Division champions 
and runnersup will also be in line 
for some greal sports merchandise 
prizes as well . 

The Two-Man Beach Vollcy-
balltournamenl will fea ture IWO 
divisions of play: Men's and 
Coed (Mixed) and hope to all rael 
a diversified ficid that will 
provide plenty of quality 
competilion. 
As in Ovcr-The-Li ne, each 
volleyba II team will gel a 
minimum of four preliminary 
round matches before the lOp 
teams advance 10 the champion-
ship. As with OTL. all volleyball 
participants will receive 
tournament hats or visors. and 
great priles for championship 
finishers. 

Enlry fees for Beach Volleyball 
arc 514.00 per two-person learn 
and can be obtained at the 
Canyonview Rccroation Offices. 
Entry spots arc limited for both 
events and will be lilled on a first 
corne, firsl served basis. This 
evenl traditionally sells OUI . so 
don't delay in lilling out your 
entry. Final deadline will be 
Friday, April 24 al I lam. 

Additionaltoumament 
infonnatioll can be obtained by 
ca ll ing Mike Hipp in the 
Intr:unurnl Sports ortice at 534-
4037. 

All-Campus GoB Championship 
• April 30, May 1, May 2 at Torrey Pines to test campus hackers 

Ovcrthe paSI year, Fred Couples hasdominaled PGA Golf. But. as hot as 1l1e Masters Champ has been he hasn 't 
D.."Cn able 10 malch the accomplishments of Ian Langdon and Mario Marin. 

You ",""C, FrL'ddie has never won a lournamcnt played al Torrey Pines. He couldn 'I even finish in !he lOp len back 
in February when the PGA Tour swung through San Diego. 

On-lhe-<>ther-hand, in the Jml year Langdon and Marin have won a majortournamcnt at Torrey Pines. They arc 
Ihe defending champions of Ihe annual 1M Cla,\sic. Atlhe '91 edition Langdon bcat!he SlafT and Faculty field by 
10 strot..es. Marin finished 2 1 ~\n)kcs ahead of the field of sludent hackers. 

Couples, no doubl fearinganolhcrdisappoilllmenl in San Diego, ha~dccidcd to pass on his invitation to this year's 
affair. bul Langdon and Marin will be rock to light off a formidable licid of contenders. 

DivOlS Ihe si£c ofPcrsian rugs will begin flying at 12:00 noon on Thursday AprilJO when the lir..t round gets under 
way. This 'major" i~ sproad out over 3 days wilh the flCld being cut by 50% afleTeach round. Formon: infOllllation 
or to sign up swing down to Canyonview. Hurry Ihough, spots an: filling quickly ........ 

BJ's Pizzeria 

• 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 

IDEO GALLERY Sick of cardboard and ketchup? Try an aurhentic Chicago style pizza! 
BIGGEST SELECTION in the area ~ FREE PARKING 

NEW RELEASES: CURLY SUE . BILLY BATHGATE 
• THE LAST BOYSCOUT . DECEIVED ... COMING SOON: LITTLE MAN TATE 

MY OWN PRIVATE IDAHO . THE PEOPLE UNDER THE STAIRS 

---------------------Bring this ad to RENT ONE MOVIE and 
get a SECOND RENTAL FREE! 

Monday Ihru Thursday. Elpires 4/23/ 92. 
---------------------

Costa VenSe CeDler near Soup Exchange 8750 GeDeseee • 450-1766 
PIazza Carmel, Del Mar near Vons 3880 Valley Centre Dr . • 792-9923 

Houn: Suo,-lbun , II am-9 pm I Frl-5at. II am-IO pili 

'llE (AIIAPUS DIlNOy 
TOyouaDOOl 
Sun 11 :30 om-Il P'" 
M-ll> II _" P-" .j 

frio &501 .. 11.,....1'2-

OFF --
1'1<"", p"!If<",II'.'/iOn u'/x" o,tJ.:rlll/I lilJld for (id,,,") '. 
... ",,,,/IIo,tll,,,',, "-\Il'M 51192 

8873 Villa ItIJolla Dr. laJolla Village Celller 455·0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is stiU tbe best! 



H2 HiATUS 

By JENNIFER YANCEY 
SENIOR STAFF WR I TER 

While approaching Mike Ness' modest Costa Mesa home , the 
casual observer wouldn ' t be lieve tha t th is was the home of the 
lead singer and guitarist o f Social Distortion, The s uccess of 
the band would lead one to think that me mbers of the g roup 
would be living the "rock star· life by now. In s pite o f the 
tremendous popularity of Social Dis tortion's latest release, 
Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell, Ness hasn't shunned 
the college a udience a nd agreed to an interview in his home. 
This is pretty rare for col lege press, a nd goes to show that the 
band hasn ' t forgotten its roots . 

Your new album I. r •• lly 
succe •• ful. Ale you happy 
with It? How doe. It f •• I? 

a knowledgement and respect that 
we deserve and that we' ve worked 
so hard for. 
What did It take to make 
that reach to a larg.r audI-
ence? 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 16, 1992 

II fee l ~ really good. We ~taned 
iL~ an underground garage band, and 
in 1:2 yea~ we 've ~ Iow ly worked 
our way up. 111ese a re goals we've 

al way~ wanted and for us it came a 
lot ~ Iowcr Ihan OIher bands. 
Yeah, but you're stili around, 
whereas a lot of those other 
band. who made a quick a. 
cent don't exist anymor •• 

II happened right after Prisol/ 
BUlllldcameout. Ba~ ica ll y, Ihal was 
our fi rst record in fi ve years, and we 
just made it like we'd make any 
other record. 1l1ings did ~Iart to 
change . . . you know. I gOI clean off 
drug and alcoho l, ~o Ihings slarted 
gell ing beller. W e slarted looking at 
it more serious ly. As far as the 
~ongwriting goc~, we try not to be 
con~cious of any o f that s tuff when 
we're wriling s ngs. For me, the 
~ongwriting has al ways been a real 
~elf- i ndulgent th ing anyway. and it 

DIstorted Dudes: John Maure r, Christopher Reece, Dennis Danel l and Mike Ness. 
We were fortunate enough to 
~ I ick around. For u~, we felt like we 
had conquered Ihe underground. and 
now i I . ~ time to go and get the rest of 
Ihe w rid. you know? There is an-
other world out there. For u~. il's 
kinda like finall y gell ing the 

always will be. I make a record, I 
make il to the best of my abi lity to 
where I 'm happy, and I hope in lum 
other people like il . 
It .. em. to have been a bI. 
hit .mon •• wide r ••• of 

t •• t ..... 
What's happened is lhat slowly 

Ihrough the years, maybe starting 
with the Clash in 1980, bands like 
U2 and B londie ha ve been accepted. 
It 's been a slow thing, but that has 

helped. But now, the mainstream is 
really a hip thing, whereas I I o r 12 
years ago the media had really hor-
rible perce pi ions of what punk was. 
T iming wise, it's good for us. 

See NESS, Page H4 

APRIL 23 
THURSDAY 

8PM 
MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $15 
STUDENTS $11 

SR. C1T. $13 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

534-6467 
APRIL 30 • THURSDAY. 8rM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 
534-6467 

~~; .... 
-.~':::-~'==,--
.... ~~!.!:.r ••• 

Pmmled by VCSD Vnivm ity Events Offic~ and the VCSD Music D~partment 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
The role of the 
woman as the 
maternal nurturer of 
life and one woman's 
desire to have a child 
are the central issues 
of Federico Garcia 
Lorca's "V ...... " 
The play will be 
running through 
Sunday in the 
Mandell Weiss 
Forum. 
Tickets are $6 to $12, 
and show times are, 
until Saturday, at 8 
p.m., and Sunday at 7 
p.m. 

CONTINUING: UCSD's Mandev ille Gallery is showing 
sculptural installations by Gennan artists Manfred Mia. .... 
.lola ........... The exhibit will run unlil May 17. Admission is 
free, Gallery hours are Tuesday through Sunday, noon to 5 p.m . 

.... Floyd's la.seri um maste rpieces ''The Wall." " Now and 
Then" and " Return to the Dark Side" wi ll be making what could be 
their final appearances at the Reuben H. R eet Space Theater. Call 
238-1233 and let Sally Buckalew know that the Laserium should 
remain at the theater. The shows run Unlit Sunday, April 19. 

Go and check out the ............. fountain which is the 
10m sculpturnl work to be created for the Stuan Collection at UCSD. 
It' s located on the grassy mall that divide Meyers Drive, in the 
MAAC area. The unl itled fountain is "an accurate representation of 
a commercial indoor water cooler."not unlike those we drink from 
in public places-only it 's a piece of art and costs much more. The 
piece is supposed to "make us think about the universi ty's role. not 
only as an educational institution, but also within the contex t of the 
larger community." Decide for yourself. 

The Grove Gallery Is celebraIInC Its 10th birthday with 
a show titled "Happy B irthday: A Tenth Ann iversary Retrospec-
tive ," th rough June 14. Eleven ceramicists, who have exhibiled 
during the past 10 years, will return for the show. Gallery hours are 
Tuesday through Saturday, from 10 a.m. unti l 5 p.m. and Sundays 
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

FRIDAY: Project T.R.U.S.T. i celebrating the unve iling of its 
new wall an mural. "Smoke Free." The fe tivities are at the Urban 
League of San Diego, located al 426 I Market Street, downlown. 
Local bands, dancing, local artist and a good cau e. Whal more 
could you ask for? The poinl of the mural , other than any artisti c 
merits, is to prevenl "tagging" by spraypaint artis ts on the wall . 

WEDNESDAY: Dr. DavidMaciel will be lecturing at IheSan 
Diego Museum of Contemporary An on "the Celluloid fr'ont8: 
1IIe U.s./MexJc. Border In Contempot.y Cinema," A 
fi lm series on the same issues is being presented following the 
lecture, beginning April 29 and continuing every Wednesday until 
June 3. The lecture stans at 7:30 p.m. and is only $2.50 for students. 
For more informalion on the lecture onhe film series call 454-354 J. 

WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY: As part of the 
Emerging Black Cinema SerIes at the Ken Cinema. Wendell 
Harris ]r.'s " Chameleon Street" wi ll run for two nights only. The 
film is a true story about a compulsive imposter who po ed as a Tillie 
magazine reporter. a lawyer, a French exchange student and a 
surgeon. Showtimes are 5: 15. 7:30, and 9:45 p.m. each night. 

'~ MASTERPIECE AND A TRIUMPH! 
THE BEST PICTURE OF THE YEAR. 

Patrick Swayze i. brilliant, at att Om Puri and Pauline Collins. The brilliant 
direction of Roland JofQ remind. one of David Lean at hi. finest." 

:.. [lID Whaley, CINEMA SHOWCASE 

"THE FIRST MUST SEE FILM OF 1992! 
A soaring tribute to the human spirit-" 

- Jin Sj\'td. , I(NX RAOIO 

HiATUS H3 

••••••••••••••••••• 

CLOTHING OUTLET 
I 
• A A 
~w Jlrrivafs 

& other s we 
ran ' , mentioll ! 

Plus lIlany reduced prices on all other 
great Ilame brands 

5 
DAYS 
ONLY 

APRIL 14th·18th 
Closed Easter Sunday 

50% -90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

EX( 'h u n ~,' th is ad in II ... stun' 
for un Eu~h' r ('~;; Ih ut ('ntitl('!. 
YUIl t il an ADDITIONAL 

"ff ) lIu r l'ul'/·ha M· 

Chl';!!'! CIII':I)I! 

I ~ I 8250 Gamino Santa Fe 
APPAREL Tues.-Fri. 11 -7 · Saturday 11·5 ' 450-3323 
DESIGNER 6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 
Z 0 N E Tues.-Fri. 11 -8 pm · Saturday 11 -5 ' 460-4370 

••••••••••••••••••• 

Prepore (ur the riUIlC LSAT 

LSAT 
PRE'P COURSE 

e Live Lectures e 32 Class Hours . 
• Professional Educators • Convenient Locations • 

ooribrie Free Admission Counseling • LSAT • GMAT • MCAT • GRE 
DIL_ ' ! Bar Review • CPA Review 
"n.en Wlruvnl pnporr 

For Information and Registration, Call: (800) 777-EXAM 
a Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Company 

Classes f~orming Now! 



H4 HiATUS 

ContInued from pace H2 
I. It weird to ... you .... 1f on 
MTV? 

It's weird, 'cause first of all , Itry 
t catch it, and I never do so I gel 
pi sed. l end up having tosillhrough 
Marky Mark and Color Me Badd 
and all this crapjust to see my video, 
so I end up turning it off, and I can't 
Ii ten to the radio. I can on ly speak 
for my If, but I know that othe r 
mu icians have e pcrienced the 
~me thing. Just can ' t d it. When I 
hear music, it has to be omething I 
want to hear. 
I know you're being played 
on KLOS (AOR station). 

That will e po~e us to a I t f 
different pc pie who w uldn ' t have 
ventured d wn to the theater in an 
Diego or the afe Grand in Ilolly-
w . They would have just been 
too afraid. Pr bably just drove b 
and ... aw the rowd out front . . . now 
they hear u~ and it 's jUM for the 
music. They d n't know what we 
look like or where we come from, it 
ju~t has to be good mu~ic alone. It '~ 
hard to ~ay you don't like a band 
a ft e r hearing them a nd likin g 
them .. .. 
W.II, your musical styl. I. 
pr.tty unlqu .... 

I grew up listening to the Stones 
and recden e learwater, and then 
I heard the lash and the Pistol s. 
And even the early punk s tuff that I 
was listening to was very musically 
~tructured .. . melodies and haml 
nie~ and real blues-oriented rock, 
but ba 'k then it was jullt peeded up. 
I grew up around good music. ~o I 
guess that's where my influences 
came from. 

F E 5 , v 
, 

• 

How did the N.n Young; 
Sonic youth tour work out? 

It gave us a little bit of credibil-
ity, when you ' re to uring with s me-
one a.., big as e il Young. It had its 

up~ and downs - we had ncver 
really done (I ~uppon tour. Wc ' re 

u~ed to j ust playing clubs, and I 
hadn ' t been to an arena how s in e 
1975, so it was weird at times -
introducing those two generati ns 
to each other, who had b(l! ically 
been fi ghting for the past 12 year.; . 
How I. this tour shaping up? 

I think we are g ing to make it to 
Europe this year. You know, we've 
never toured there in 12 years, The 
next ix months are going to be 
really busy. I like touring, but it 
tll(..CS some adapting to. Your whole 
lifestyle changes. When you c me 
home from touring, you want to just 
die, and then you have to adapt back 

The UCSD Guardian 

to going to the market, th domestic 
things and your life here. That takes 
a while, and once you get adapted 
back it's time to leave again. But I 
like touring - sometimes I don't 
even want to come back. 
What Is It that make. you 
collect all of till. old stuff? 
(Nea' entire home Is ",Ied 
wHII."",.,.CG .. ctat' .. ., rrIIIt 
e~from.VeIYetE,"­
to oIdc.s. •• ) 

Cause it's cool man - it' just 
cool. I d n't like new shit. We be-
lieve in tradition. The punk move-
ment brought back the excitement 
in music. In the '50s it was taboo to 
listen to rock and roll, and that 's the 
stuff that always intrigued me as a 
kid . The outlaw guitarist Keith 
Ri hardsorwhatever. Then the punk 
thing seemed to bring that back. I 
was going t these underground 

clubs when] was 17, and girl were 
walking around with no top , with 
big cat eye make-up and piked 
hair, and I was like, "Wow this is 
cool man!" For us, iI's the element 
of danger that we've always tried to 
capture. We'renotreallydoingany-
thing new. ] mean, punk was some-
thing new, but at the same time we 
don't want machines to replace 
drums. 
Are Intervl.w.lmportant to 
you? 

Yeah, becau e it's really impor-
tant to me that we are understood. 
We're a band that came out of the 
LA underground scene ... we sing 
about the streets, we sing about 
growing up, we s ing about emo-
tion , and we ing about anger. It ' 
imponanl that our readers under-
stand the band. 
How have you been mlsu. 

The 
Helen 
Edison 
Lecture 
Series 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 

dentood .. tile ....... ? 
By 1984 everyone was shaving 

their head and yelling into a mike, 
anditdidn 'trequireanything. When 
I was in the scene it was like ... it just 
gO( too easy. Jocks turned punks, 
going and getting drunk and fight-
ing. Like anything, when it gets big 
it gets de troyed.]t' importantthal 
people understand that we were into 
the individual aspect of it. 
DId yOli ._ ..... crItIcI .... 
...... you moved to a mator 
...... , 

We encountered a minority of 
people who thought we had sold out 
because we went to a major label. 
When did that train of thought be-
gin ... where you're not supposed to 
better yourself in any way? 
Have your f •• cllanCed with 
you, or have you acquired a 
new .. t of f •• ? 

The majority of our fans have 
grown with us. A lot of them are 
married and have kids now, 0 they 
don't want to go get in a fi tfighl 
because they have stuff to lose. 
If music w .... chee .. , and 
Richard Marx would b. 
Velveeta, what kind of 
c ...... would Social Distor-
tion be? 

A ubstantial hunk of aged ched-
dar. 

CRlnC'S 
CHOICE 
WHO: Social Distortion 
WHEN: Friday, April 17, 
1992: 8 p.m. 
WHERE: Main Gym 

"AMERICA FIRST? .. AMERICA 
LAST? ..• AMERICA AT LAST?" 

Photo by Jane Bown 

Thursday, April 16, 1992 
7:30 p,m, 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD Campus 

A Free Public Lecture with 

GORE VIDAL 
Author and 
social commentator 

The Helen Edison Lecture Series 

The lecture series is the result of a major gift from the late 
Helen Edison, a San Diego philanthropist who supported 
numerous local educational, cultural, and arts efforts. 

DREAD ZEPPELIN 
Me 900 FOOT JESUS 
NO DOU.T 

: RAG_ AGaiNST 

In accordance with the gift, the Helen Edison Lecture 
Series will present free public lectures each year on issues 
that advance humanitarian purposes and objectives, 

For more information call 534-3400, 

A L
OTH. NlACHIN. 
.... ~.v. .. ~~ 

I I I I 


