
Elsewhere 
Artist ..... 
UCAr ... -v. • ., 
DAVIS - Worid-renowned artist 
Wayne Thiebaud, a professor 
emeritus ar UCD, has created a 
wor1c of art to coounemorate the 
125th anniversary of the University 
of California The pasrel4lfl-paper 
anwor1c, titled ''CeIetnti(lIl 
Cakes," will be sold in E:nited 
qumities with proceet'.s going 
toward a scholarship fund for UC 
art students. -

R ..... OKWhites 
Only SchoIer.IhIp 
BERKELEY - A $5OO,<XX> 
scholarship fund for underprivi-
leged white students has been 
accepted by the UC Regents. The 

sc~p i a gift from retired 
San Francisco teacher Marguerite 
Hornbeck. Hornbeck was raised in 
a poor family and made arrange-
ments for the exclusive gift before 
her death two years ago. The 
scholarship wiU be distributed at 
UC Belkeley, where over 60 
percent of its studenl body is made 
up of underrepresented ethnic 
groups. 

Students Arrested 
at Rael .... Protest 
RNERSIDE - Forty- ix students 
were arrested last Wednesday after 
staging a protest against racism 
throughout the campus. Students 
demanded that UCR ChanceUor 
Raymond Orbach make a speech 
concerning allegations that various 
ethnic groups had been discrimi-
nated against. The students 
presented Orbach with a list of 
demands, including the renaming 
of campus buildings to reflect the 
multicultw'al population at 
Riverside. The protest was broken 
up by 16 police officers dressed in 
riot gear. 

Money UnclaImed 
SACRAMENfO - More than 
$6.6 billion in scholarships go 
unclaimed every year, according to 
National Scholarship Research 
Service. Daniel Cassidy president 
of NSRS, says thai many scholar-
hip sources don't even look at a 

student's GPA, and thai students 
should be applying for arleast 20-
30 scholarships a year. 

Inside 

THE BEAT 
IM'RJI: The Onzcdoka troupe 
perfonned as pan of UCSD's 
world music programming. 4 

.aRtIe Women's soccer had 
a ttuilling finish yesterday against 
Cal Stale San Bernadino. 18 

Index 
U D BRIEFS ........ .. .... .............. 2 
CALVIN AND HOBBES ................. 2 
OPINION ...................................... 4 
JDATIJ ...................................... HI 
CLASSIFIED .............................. 12 

PORTS ...................................... 16 

T H E u c 5 D 

UCSANDlEGO 1HURSDAY, ocroBER 8, 1992 VOLUME77, I UE5 

~futerim PPMs 
Criticized by 
A.S., Co-ops 
co-OP CRISIS: Two additions to the 
Policy and Procedure Manuals would 
give the administration more oversight 
By Stephaan Harris 
Guardian Reporter 

The co-ops are crying foul over two "interim" additions 
to the university's Policy and Procedure Manual (PPM), the 
governing laws for all students, faculty and taff on campus. 

The interim pol icies, put into effect late in spring qUllJ'ter 
and approved by the UC Office of the President over the 
summer, con em the financial a.<.pecl~ of all of the student 
organiLllions that have ongoing retail operations on cam-
pus. 

They require that all student organizati n businesses 
have university permission for retai l operations and on-
campus accoun . 

Director of Special Services Nicholas Aguilar wrote the 
PPMs in lune. He said that they were intended only "to 
c:.uify current policy" regarding student businesses. 

All student organizations with retail operations besides 
the co-ops already had on-<:anlpus accounts, according to 
Aguilar. 

Photos by Jason Ritcllie/Gu8ldlBtl 
- Kym Niemeyer came up Just a little bit short on her leap of faith during Tuesday 

Student government officials and members of the c()-
ops. however. have objected to both the content of the new 
PPMs and the way in which they were implemented. 

SPLASH I 
A broken water main in the Warren 

Lecture H a/l basement on Tuesday af-
ternoon started an impromptu river 
down Matthews Lane and Voigt Drive. 

The river had been flowing steadily 
for over an hour when our photogra-
phercaught Kym Niemeyer and Atsushi 
Katayama navigating the treacherous 
rapids shortly after 5 p.m. 

Associared Students President Mike Holmes said that 
the view of students should be a more integr.u part of the 
process in which PPMs are initiated. ' 

'''The situation was handled poorly. It was wrong to 
create policies without the input of the students or staff. 
Students run, manage and !.upport the facilities, yet are being 
threatened with the loss of control." he said. 

Holmes also said that the AS. has a duty to protect the 
co-ops from a loss of internal control. 

"It was inappropriate to confiscate retail student organi-
zation accounts during a crisis. It i an infringement of their 
rights as a student organization," he said. 

Aguilar, however. explained that "when you have a 
business that is ongoing on the campus, it requires that the 
university engage in oversight." Aguilar added that the 
university must monitor compliance with PPMs because of 
liability concerns. 

University Center Board (UCB) Chair Chris Burnett 
said that he believed the administration was avoiding thec()-
op issue directly and trying to capitalize on the controversy. 

The basement of Warren Lecture 
Hall and the Music Building suffered 

Atsushl Katayamu Is airborne over the 

'They tried to pass this policy without the proper 
procedure. They've even denied conferences with [the 
UeBl.l think the administration would rather use the co-op 
space to lea-.e to private vendors for more revenue. The 
increased privatization on campus is affecting us all," said 

some water damage. raging Matthews Lane River. See PPM, Page 7 

New Student Security Program To Aid Campus Police 
CMWIUS SECIIIITY: Campus Protection Assistants to 
ease load on UCSD police ~t 
By LamIne Seclul report illegal activity that requires po-
Associate News Editor lice altention. 

Studem will soon wor1c with police CPAs will provide security atdances, 
to tty to creare a safer campus through moviesand variousothc2'campusevents. 
Ihe irtroduction of a police-sponsored In addition, they will be responsible for 
security bee. around-the·<:Iock security ar various 

The students in the new program campusbuildings,suchasthenewBirch 
willbecalledCampusProtectionAssis- Aquarium and the Torrey Pines Center 
rants «(]»As). Like CSOS, the CPAs South. 
will monitor campus rules and regula- By providing security at campus 
lions using non-<:OOfrontational means. events, the CPAs will help ease the 
CP As wiD work mostly to observe and responsibilities of the UCSD police so 

thar officers can attend to more urgent 
caDs. 

According to new CPA coordinaror 
Greg Koran, '''The pqTam i being 
developed now to m~ the growing 
needs for a mid-level security force on 
campus that will work somewhere in 
between CSOS and police." 

Koran stressed thai the CPA pro-
gram will eventually aim to replace the 
outside security services thai are cur-
rently used at campus functions. 

Since the cpAs will consist entirely 
of students, they will have more of an 
interest in protecting school property 

and residents than the non-affiliated 
security services do. 

Staff Pro, and other off-<:ampus se-
curity services contracted by the univer-
ity cortsist of mostly non-students. 

CPAs will receive training in ftrst-
aid. CPR and security guard duties, and 
will be informed of powers of arrest 
procedures, although they will not have 
the power to arrest people outside of the 
norma\ citizen's arrest. 

Training will also include identify-
ing and dealing with crowd control 
problems, and other potentiaUy volatile 

See POUCE, Page 7 



2 NEWS 

Wedn .. d." Sept. 30: 
2:35 a.m.: A 17-year-01d female student suffered from alcohol poisoning in LoI306. 
She was laken to Scripps Memorial Hospital for treatment 

lIIundIIy, Oct. 1: 
10:19 a.m.: A student reponed the theft of personal property from her apamnent at 
Pepper Canyon. Loss: $62 J . 
11 :29 a.m.: An officer reported a female student being harassed by her ex-boyfriencl. 
,...."Oct. 2: 
10: 15 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1967 Ford Mustang from 101 2~ between 
Sepl 29 and Oct I. Loss: $5500. 
10:00 p.m.: An offICer reported vandalism to Stonehenge. Loss: 25. 

........"Oct.3: 
5:00p.m.: An 18-year-old malestudentjammedhh thwnbduringa fall while playing 
football at the Third dorm volleyball courts. He was tr:lI1Sported 10 Scripps Memorial 
Hospital by a CSO. 
~,Oct.4: 
2:00 pm.: A student reported thaI hi~ bike lire was burnt at Warren Building 3. Loss: 
$1 . 
Mond8y, Oct. 5: 
3:15 p.m.: An officer reponed the harassmenl ofa student by a non-affiliale at WlllTen 
Lecture Buildings. 
4:00 p.m.: A studenl reported an indecenl exposure in Price Cenler Gallery A. 
4: 10 p.m.: A student reponed the lheft of a 1974 Da/!,un in lot 305. Loss: $550. 
Tuescbly, Oct. 4: 
3:45 p.m.: A gmdume ~udent reported burglary of room 42 0 of Mayer Hal l. Loss: 
2300. 

- Julie Pall, Guardian Reporter 

A.S. Meeting Notes 
~f .... ·zone .. .-.uon-A representative from !he Student 
Affinnruive Action Committcc (SAAC) submitted a proposal to suppoo a resolution 
adopled by UC Riverside, declaring it a Columbul>-myth·free-zone. The pwposeofthis 
resolution il> 10 "allow both l>Iuclenll> and community memberl> the opportunity to 
explore American history from a broadened perspective. including the view and 
contributiolll> made by all cult= involved in the evolution oflhe Americ3l>: 'stated the 
U R rewluti n. ln l>upponing this rcwlution. SAAC also pledges suppon for !he Anti -
Quinccnlennial MARCHA. an event sponsored by the ational Chicano Moratorium 
in an Diego on Oct. 10. and plans 10 participate in the lhe noon ral ly and even ing Vigil 
of UCSO MEChA to be held on Oct. 12. The goal of this action is 10 ··help to dispel the 

myth~ Mlrrounding Columbu~ Day." 

UnMnIIy Cent ......... A resolulion, passed by the A.S. Legal Comminee last 
Friday. called for the abilily of the UCB to hire otuside legal counsel for the purpose of 
detennining the legal position of the UCB in the university. In addition. the resolution 
provides for the creation of an agreement to give the UCB the power to oversee student 
~If-asscssed fees and the facililies they fund, if~. 

UCSA AIIwocKy ..... VP Exlernal Colin Wilson submined the University of 
California Student Associalion' s (UCSA) plans of action for the 1992-93 school year. 
Issues on the agenda include increasing underrepresented student enroUmcnt in college 
and gearing them toward teaching. establishing Slale-inSliruled loan forgiveness 
programs for lower-income students. and working loward est.1blishing other funding 
outSide of l>Iudent fees. This lal>! action might involve UCSAs developing a constitu-
tional amendmenl guarantccing a percentage of the ~tat.:· budge1 lo !>Olne segments of 
highereducat Ion. The UCSA will alsodmft a srudent Master Plan for Education 10 make 
up for comproml~s 10 the Stale·l> Master Plan broughl aboul by budget cuts. 

a..tget Cuts ~Two representali ves from the Coalil ion For Public Higher 
Education. a coalition of graduate students. faculty and staff. appeared before the A.S. 
Council to request an undergraduate speaker for an upcoming forum entilled "What 
the Budgel Cuts MC<IJ1 For Us.·' The forum will beheld on Oct. 21 at G:.uren Hall in the 
B3l>ic Sciences Building. 

--£lalne camuso, Guardian Reporter 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday . o.' lolH'r 8. 1992 

ETCETERA ... 

\ 

I£~ , r Q}T 'tOO " tE'fI COMIC 
~. '!(II'( ~~ n>,N';,"{" srr 
0tI tilE cPJOI. H-\() 1\1.. w.KE 'bJ 
SCt4E I'£~\I\ BOJTIER ~ 
"I!E ~ ~? .-._.---- ~ 

.. ~ 

BRIEFLY ••• 

UCSD To Host L.A. Riots Forum 
UCSO's Ethnic Studies Department will hold a 

public discussion entitled "After the Smoke Has 
Cleared: Race and Ethnicity in the Future of Los 
Angeles." 

The discussion. which will take place on Oct. 16-
17. aims to examine race and ethnicity in post-riot Los 
Angeles. 

Rfteen speakers and panelists from the education 
community, media and other fields will participate in 
the discussion. They will bring with them expertise in 
racial and ethnic issues, urban planning and law. 

The Oct. 16 session will be moderated by Ram6n 
Gutierrez. chair of UCSO's Ethnic Studies Dept .. and 
will include speakers from UCSO, Cal State Los Ange-
les and authors of books dealing with racial tensions. 

The Oct. 17 session will consist of three panel 
discussions entitled "Structures of Inequality In Los 
Angeles." "Which Wwy LA.? Policy Options and Possi-
bilities," and 'Cultural RamifICations of the LA. Riots." 

There will also be an evening program on the 17th 
which will include various performance artists from 
L.A. All sessions are open to the public and further 
information is available by calling the Ethnic Studies 
Dept. at 534-3276. 

Nobel Laanate Win Speak 
Nadine Gordimer, 1991 Nobel Prize Laureate in 

Literature, will present a benefit lecture in the Price 
Center on Oct. 13. 

Gordimer, who has been hailed for her perceptive 
fiction about her South African homeland , was the first 
woman in 25 years to be tapped by the Royal Swedish 
Acadamy for the Nobel Prize. 

Three of Gordimer's novels were banned from 
publication by South Africa's government. but the ban 
has since been lifted under intemational pressure. 

In addition to her lecture, Friends of the UCSO 
Library will honor Gordimer at a private luncheon on 

Oct. 14. The proceeds from her lecture will support the 
UCSO Library's collections and services. Ticket infor· 
mation is available by calling 534-1275. 

SOAR to Sponsor College Fair 
UCSD will host the 11th annual College Fair to be 

held in the Price Center on Oct. 21. 
Representatives from more than 60 colleges and 

universities will be on hand to talk with prospective 
students. All San Diego high school students and their 
parents, along with other college students who are 
looking to transfer to a four·year university. are encour· 
aged ·to attend. 

The fair, which will be sponsored by ucsO's Stu-
dent Outreach and Recruitment (SOAR) offICe, will 
include representatives from all eight UC campuses as 
well as SOSU and other stale universities. In addition, 
San Diego area community colleges, independent 
colleges and representatives from U.S. military acad-
emies will be in attendance. 

These representatives will be able to provide pre.-
spective students with educational planning, career 
goals and ideas on how to fit those goals into a degree 
program at their school. 

The program will include a presentation on financial 
aid and admission policies, followed by a question-
and-answer session. 

Volunteers Needed for Study 
• UCSD Medicine researchers are looking for volun-

teers with diabetes mellitus to participate in a six· 
month trial study of new med icatlon to treat contractures 
of the hand. Contact Diane at 534-5432. 

• UCSD meumatologists are looking for volunteers 
who have osteoarthritis of the knees and have not yet 
had knee surgery to participate in a three-month study 
of new medication. Contact Denise at 543-5838. 

Free examinations will be provided for both trials. 

11Ie l.CSOGuirtJ.rlis PIdno MorGIys .-.o ~~!IIe - )ear 0)'.-.0 III Ire _ 
c1l.CSO. ~c1I1is_ ~lJ'ffonn, _1n_",1n pn oI1rcMperrMSb>1s SU'<II\' 

~ C1il92 . .. rfU _ . 11Ie l.CSO GuirtJ.rlIs rot,.,.,.,- for !lie "",," 01"-
~'" at 1he.tewseqJ!W(lln~"'~ leal!Ba_ll:lnoI ~ 
1tIlItsert!lle 0I*"00nS 011l1li l.CSO GIeIiw\ tne ~ 01 c.ftma. '" tne _ SbarU. 11Ie 
l.CSO ila'lit'Ils UlCIId solely III -..... God. _ I wrt my II"IOI"Oey mII'l. 

FRANCISCO DeVRES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Spectacle Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

SINIOIIITAfF WItITIJIS: Jenny Galang. Oan Krauss . Matthew Robinson 
ITAFF~ Kirsten Halverson.Gaye JoMson. Theresa Moore. Ely Rabanl. 
Kant Saul. julie S/1ennan 
DDIGN --'TANIS: MICUei Buckenmeyer. James Col lier 
ILWITlIATOIII: N.than Erlln. Speed Farris. jennifer Hart. Alan l unGCren. 
Adn.no Munoz. KatIe Roe. AI SpO", 
DUII_: WilSOn Cheunl. meresa MynJe. lillie Roe 
I'IIOTOCIIIAPIIIIIS: Paul M;oc;key. Sklart Oeb. Jennifer Vann 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Man~ing Editor 
SHANNON II fDSOF, Cow Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

DAN McOOWEU., POOto Editor 
PHIJP MlCtMB S, Opinion Editor 

JEFF NEJSB., Hiatus Editor 
JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 
DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 

LAMlNE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate ~Ie Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

COPY READIIII: Michelle Chlanl. Non Mil ler. 0evId Racroln. Je$S1e Sprlncer 
.,..,.",.,.., /Ju$lne$t,.,.., 

MICIIAIL iauw~ AdlertIs*W ,.,.., 
... MAJmIIIZ, AdlertIMW On/pr 

L laM..-Y, Ciasifled ~Ive 

Editorial : 5~580. Business Offlce: S34-3-466. F •• : 534-7691 

UCSD au.rtIM, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0316, 
L.~~,CA9~ 

ACtu", lOa""": 5e<lond _ . UCSO Stu"""' c.n.., 1Iu •• CllntI ·A· 

Thursday, October 8,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

New Earthquake Lab Planned 
SElSIUIC RESUJICIt The new Cbarles 
Lee Powell Structwal Components Lab 
will expand earthquake research 
By LamIne Secka 
Associate News Editor 

The OIarIes Lee Powell SbUCtUral ComponentS L, bor:l-
lory will soon become one of the newest buildings on UCSO' s 
rapidly expanding Campus. 

The addition of the new lab will greatly increase UCSD 
researchers' abiliry 10 test and 
study the effects of seismic activ-
ity on various SIrUCt\U"eS, accord-
ing [0 the lab' administrators. 

The height of the new lab will 
be 60 percent that of the present 
CharlcsLee PoweJlStructunllSys-
tem Laboratory, but will provide 
5,175 square-fccl in which to tcst 
lhe structurJI integrity of every-
thing from large-scale structures 
to bridge colwnns to freeway off-
r.un ps. 

The new lab will have a shake 
table that can simulate real-life 
ei mic activity. and will also 

house equipment for con1ponent 
Icsting and a machine and elec-
tronic hop. 

According to Warren Froelich, direclOr of science com-
municalions. one of the projects that will be worked on in the 
new building is a redesign of double-deck bridges like the one 
that collapsed in the Nonhero Califomia canhquake in Oct. 
1989. 

A similar project is currently underway in the existing 

laboratory. 
Also being investigated is how to retrofil . or reinforce. 

bridges and building so that they will be able to withstand 
uch an canhquake . 

. "The idea is to see if current building ~andards are good 
enough to withstand earthquake-like stresses." said Froelich. 

The funding for the new building is coming primarily from 
a $ I million dollar grant from the Charles Lee Powell Foun-
dation. with the remainder of the money coming from various 
UCresearchfunds. 

Lea Rudcc. dean of UCSO's Department of Engineering, 
said recently. "We are grateful to 
the Powell Foundation for their 
continued support forearthqu.ake-
related research which i SO im-
portant to the cil izens of C.'lIifor-
nia." 

Continued funding wi ll come 
from Caltrans, the alional Sc i-
ence Foundat ion,themasonry and 
c ncrete industries. 

These and otherorganization~ 
will fund research that will ulti-
mately he lp them to improve their 
~tructures . said Froel ich. 

According 10 Frieder Seible. 
associate direclor of the Powell 
labordlory. the new lab is needed 
to penn il Powell re.-.earchen. 10 
catch up on ,Ul C!>timated twe.-

year backlog of ~bmk studies. 
Because Ihe fW1<Jing wasjUSl received il is not yel known 

when construclion will begin on the new building. 
In the meantime. researchers are conducting lhe fir..t full-

scaJeseismic lest of a live-Sloty reinforced masonry building. 
in the Uniled Slat~. 

NEW ' :l 

Artistic Additions? 

Dan McDowcll/GuBrd/irl 
The Stuart Art Collection's "Stonehenge" exhibit was defaced 
by Grafittl vandals over the weeken;t 

Two BiDs Await LegisIature 
UClA: Stucknt lobbying group pushes for legislation to 
increase ~ial aid funding 

So you think you can write, eh? 

By Albert Garibaldi 
Guardian Reporter 

The California state Iegislatw"e will 
meet in a pee ial session today to decide 
the fare of millions of dollars in studenr 
financial aid The special session was 
called to VOle on wor1cer' compensa-
tion reform, but will also include discus-
sion of the student aid bills. 

Two Urtiversity of California Stu-
denl Association (UCSA)-sponsored 
senate bills, Senate Bill (SB) 1533 and 
SB 919 are the focus of debate. 

"The passing of these bills would 
pUI approximately $200 million back 
into higher education," said uCSrudent 
Association Member Josh Zaretski. 

SB 1533 i a budget proposal that 

A p 

was drafted during the marathon Cali-
fornia budget banle this summer. It is 
aimed at restoring lost fmancial aid 
funds by cutting inlO the state bureau-
cracy. 

The bill passed the assembly but 
was ltubsequently voted down in the 
senate in the final days beforethebudget 
deal. The UCSA is trying to push nile 
bill through again. 

SB 919 would also pUI as much as 
$1 00 million intofmancial aid program 
by cuning all state agency positions that 
havenoc been filled in the last six months. 
About half the estimated savings would 
go into the Cal Grant program. This bill 
has also been previously been killed in 

See UCSA, Page 7 

Well, can you write with ab ence of malice? 
You'd better check out. .. 

THE UCSD 

UARDIAN 
Writers' Training Program 

Tonight at 7 p.m. in the North Conference Room ( in the old Student Center, across from 
KSOn. On tire program tonight: Libel, ethics and more helpful writing tips. A lso: the 
editors tell you how to write news, sports, features, opinion and arts and entertainment 

p A R E L 
~ 

z o N E 

OCEAN ...... FIC 
!Factf!1Y OutCet 
Cfotliing Stares 

~"''' IRrantls 'ncfmliM.lf 
• '13 71 M. 'Lqlllpmrn. 
• 'L{prrsJ 
• V ICTORIA'S S~.cRF.T 

Sale begins on October 8 
at all 3 locations! 

C_uSW 
All Ocean Pacific 

$4.99 ea, 
or 

2 items tor $6.00 
Including: Swimwearl 

T"shirts, shorts and sweaters 

• r wEE 0 \ 
• ljtntrrQ w((teJum 
• L ,m/tttl 
• ana many mlllr nam( bru"t!.\ 

It'" (fnL/ In pru, 'I) mrntwn 

50%·90% BEWW RETAIL 
Mcn \ W'N11Cfl\ ,nJ ( h,IJrcn\ (1".hll1~ 

Pacific Beach 
93) Gamct Avc. 

483-5150 
Miramar 

8250 Camino Santa Fc 
450-3323 

SOSU 
6663 EI Cajon Blvd. 

460-4370 



I OPI 101\ 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO D(VRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 
~ UCSD Gua!dIM IS tkJbl,~ned twice 8 week lilt the UntVeflJt)' of C.llfornla. San OIt&o. ContentS 

1992 V..e-ws e. .. prt!Ised het8.ln feptesent the matont)' vote of the edlton.' bOMd. and It. not 
"""""."Iy thoSe 01 the UC Boord of Recents. the ASUCSO. nor the """'. Gu.rQrllft" ft . 

New UC President Peltason 
Faces Immediate Challenges 

On Oct. I. Jack W. Pellason assumed the dutie!. of the Office of the 
Pre~ident. He will be fonnally named the 16th President of the 
Univer;..ilY of Califomia on Oct. 16. Under mo~t clrcum~tan e~ . thi, 
w uld be a proud moment for the fonner UC Irvine chancellor. But at 
thi~ point in time, there i ~n 't a sane per;..on in thc world who would 
want to in Peltason \ ,hoe . A, the new UC pre:.ident, Pelta on will 
be up again t a vast anny of problem,. anyone of which could 
pemlanently cripple an alrcady weakened UC ~y tern. 

Pelta,on takes over at a time when publi trust in thc om c of the 
Pre,ident ha<, never been lower. It all began last April when the C 
Bard f Regent approved a $::!.4 million retirement package for 
utgoing Presidcnt David Gardner. As if that weren't enough to erode 

public c~nfidence. two months ago the State uditorGenerJI relealooed 
a report that was highly critical of the benefits being granted to 
university executives. 

111i, wru, followed by another report prepared by independcnt 
analy~t A. Alan Po t. Post\ findings ridiculed the Office of the 
President. At a time of fiscal uncertainty. the regents and the Office of 
the President have been throwing money around like a gang of 
drunken ailor!.. It will be up to Peha on to restore the public 
.:onfidcn e that has been squandered by the university \ extrJ agant 
\pending. 

111e UC budget erodes with each passing minute. Peltason will 
ha\'t! a rapidly ~hri nl..ing budget to worl.. with and hard hoice~ to face 
in thl! oming month~ . nlere ha:. been tall.. :un ng SOIllC legi~lators and 
universil), adminiwator;.. that the budget cri~ i, will worsen long 
before any relief i ' in sight. If so. it is highly likely that the UC system 
~\ ill be subject to the ~ame departmenhla~hing and ma~~ive layoff 
lhat plagued the Cal Slale ~choob th i~ pa:.l year. 

nlCre are growing fears thaI the C System will be forced to 
privalize. lilal quality faculty members will be withoul jobs and that 
the quality of a UC education i~ on a stead ' decline. Fee increases are 
maJ....ing the idea of affordable higher edu ali on a fantru,y f r man 
students. Peltason will have to addres all of these issues and addres~ 
them quickly. 

Butthat'~ only the tipofthe iceberg. Pelta 'on will face demands to 
redelinethe UC's position on domestic partner;hip. an issue he clearly 
fUlllhl d while at Irvine. While other major schoob such a~ St:Ulford 
,Uld Ihe Univers ity of Oregon allow unmarried couples 10 live in 
ulliver,>ilY housing, the UC system has refused to change it policy. 

During his tenure. Gardner weill on the record a:. saying that the 
uni"ersIlY will never recognize domestic partnerships ullliithe ,tate 
legis lature does - in effect. deferring the deci ion indefinitely. 
Peha,on will not have that luxury. He needs to deal with d meMic 
partnership issues immediately. 

nle myth ical 10th UC campus that had been in the works is now 
dead in thc water. And it doesn't stop there - an idea is being bandied 
about in some circles that the university might actually shut down one 
ofihcampuses. perhaps fora year. maybe longer. Thi~sonoftalkdoes 
not ilhpire onfiden e in the UC\ future. 

Each campu~. of ourse. is fa ing problems of it own Mcmming 
fr mthe Csbudget risi\.Hereat CSD,aIOpercenlcutinfunding 
II ill no doubl force the admini<;tration to abolish the Physical Educa-
tl n mlllor program. UC D Dean of Am and Humanities Stanley 
Chodorow predict, that the can ellation will be in effect by next fall. 

So i. that the la~t nail being hammered illlo the offin of the UC 
,y'>telll? Hardly. While tlh.:re are certainly a ho t of problem ' confront-
111: :h.: unller Ir). Pelta'ion ma~ be the be t possible person to face 
:h:ll H~ i, deepl~ respected by admini,tralor,. fa ulty. taff and 
:udem . At Irvine. he wa well-k.nown forrequesting ·tudent input-
1: I ;:-,IUIllJnl) pla.:d tude III represelllali\'e~ on a campu budget 
':,)Jlmllll.Y II could 'argu.:d that at a time "hen student aro? a..,k.ing 
i)1 I ,;r.:ata \' Ice In unJl (;f\it)' deci,lons. Pelta~on i~ the light man to 
hJ''': ,)11 th~ Job. 

.. u' '11' ,111 01 the L·C,>. IV l1.lvc the mO. t respon,ive hancell r." 
,JI-IJ ,1,: olon . tlk' 1991-92 preSIdent orthe Ass iated tudents of 
cn \\'1cn Pella~on \ nomination wa, announced. 010110 called it 
,\ Oomul1lph for student\. " 

C .:rtainly, J triumph III a ":3 f d ubts and JIl\iet) \\' uld bter 
til'': U;1I\ ;!r~it ) \ ,tanding. \\ ' \\ ish Ja.:l.. Pella,>on lucl.. a!. the nt.'\\ GC 

Pr~'1 IO?Il1 and a\\ all hI (cnure "'nh a good deal f h pe. The. car.: 
1:)11'.1 11111':. for the Lni\.:r ... il) or aliromr , Jnd It I'.llItal..ea pcr,on 
or \ hi 11 to k.1d til..: '11\ e; n~ thm,. ~h th':l11. \\' > are ountll1g on 
P.:lta, 1I1 10 be th,l1 P4",on'. 

I' 

Tht> UC D Guardian Thllr"c la~· . OetulH'I' 8. 1992 

I)q> , «< DOD , ... T __ 

""'I,J'uA~ "! Yc.s. 
_I_ .... ~nol lU: 
ot' .--.: .... , __ 7 '(t:S ! 

Do I sun-r oct _ 1IIF 
/01 .... "" -.,. .... , ....... - ~ 
-",E_.,..? y~s! ~ 

GIVING RACE RELATIONS A 
BAD RAP 

COMMENTARY: While violent rap lyrics may be considered freedom of speech by 
some. this "hale- peech" i respon ible for fostering greater intolerance among the races 

GREGORY 

STEPHEnS 

In Ihe Iate~1 twbl in Ihe con-
Iroversy over rap lyrics that ad-
vocate vio lence. a Tex~ youlh 
on trial for killing acop i~ laim-
ing thaI the rap album 
"2Pacalyp-e No\," in pired the 
murder. 

When Ronald Howard. 19, 
was pulled over by Trooper Bill 

David~on near Victoria last April 
I I . he wu, playing u lape of the 
rapper:!-Pa . Therecording.like 
Ice-T\controversial song "Cop 
Killer." has lyric, advocating 
[he murder of policemen. 

Howard told Ihe grand jury he was playing 2-Pac 
when he was stopped. and that Ihe lyrics caused him to 
ki II Davidson. A copy of the 2-Pac tape w~ found in the 
cassene deck of Howard':. stolen ve-
hicle. The Bay Area rapper, formerl) 
known a Tup:lc Amuru Shakur. 
,Iarred in the movie "Ju i 'c" and will 
be fealured along wilh Janel Ja bon 
in John Singleton" new film. "Poeti 
Ju~tice." ":!Paealyp,e t\'ow" h:u. ~old 
nearl) half a million copic,. 

Linda David\on. \\'idowofthe~lain 
trooper. i'~uing :!·Pacand InnerS ope 
record of Lo, Angele,>. :lIong with 
Time Warner, for promOling musi 
thatin ite "immlnembwle,~aclion." 

they are a law unto Ihemse l ve~. 
111e corporate censorship proposed by righl-wingers 

like Dan Quayle and Charllon HeMon would ignore the 
underlying condition~ that lead many urban youlh to 
fantasize about dusting cop~. Such heavy-handed tactic~ 
only feed into the pamnoia~ of young. black men who are 
conv inced they are victim ~ of a genocidal con~piracy. 

But neither can we afford 10 buy the argumem [h:lI 
popular anists are mere entenai ner~ with no powe:r to 
inOuence the actions of lhei r audience. Rappers. like any 
citizens. have Ihe right 10 ~ay whatever is on their mind. 
BUI those who engage in "hate speech" cannol cllim 
some privileged right to be judged by a different standard 
Ihan everyone else. 

As a "white male" who ha.l, been :u.~au lled numerou~ 
lime~ by black and Lalino youth because of my skin 
color. I knowlhat the climate of hate found in much of rap 
is no mere "revenge fantasy" withoul real -world conse-

quences. Now. I'm nor na"ive enough 
to think Ice Cube has enough power 10 
convince all hi fan~ 10 folio" hi, 

~uggestion of caslrating white men 
who dale black women. 

Thi~ twi,ted aga h:u. a doubly per· 
\'cr,e irony. Rappef\ lil.e Public En· 
em~ have aro- ueJ thJttheir Iyri ~ are 

Re~ BrUCkner/ Guard.an 

On the OIherhand. 1 don 'llivewith 
my head in Ihe sand. l 'm nOl go 109 10 
pretend that there' ~ no link betwec:n 
Ice Cube's ~ong aboul torching Ko-
re;tll grocer and the L.A. riOl~. or that 
Sister Souljah and the: olher melanll1 

me'S1ah~ who demoralize white~ have: 
not made my life more dangerou, 
Anyone with their feet on th~ .treei 

kno\V~ what time it i,. ju,t :I, young. 
bb k men l..now Ihlt Rodne) King· 

only Oorcveng.e fanta'le,." and Ihal )outh are capable of 
making: Ihe d",linCllon between lyrical and aelUal "io-
lenc.::. :\0" a blue" youth III order to . ave hl~ ~J..111 is 
t.ll-ing th~ poll" of I le\\ of hi. "oppre~,or" 

On the other hand. la\\ enforcement ftIciab have 
argu.:J jU\1 a .. vehement I) th~t rap's anti-poli Iyrie~ 
ontnbute directly 10 Violence agaln't pollee. 0'1 they 

are bt:lOg forced to claim thJt Ronald HO\\Jrd. at lea"t. 
.lcted o~pletely of hi, 0\\ n tre~ \I ill. '" Ith UI influ<!nce 
trom hl~ aural el1llrOnmenl. 

Thai bOlh ,Ide!. haw uone an aboul-Ia.:e II IIh ,uch 
ea. ' \how\ how h~pocnllcal much of the debale on rap. 
rae.: and \·ivlcn.:e hJ' been TIle .1dl'ef\aTl '. 'peai-Ing III 
mutu.lll) unllltelllglbl~ IJnguage •. both a I a, Ihoug.h 

Iype incident' are mor.! ommon Ihan police admn 
When a group i" 1,IUghi to percell" them-.eh'e, no., 

I'lclims.they ~ee enemies everywhere anJ ha\'e a reaJ~· 
madl! cxcu~e for alta "ing Ih.:ir en;!m~ "b~ an~ m.:an 
nece.'aJ)· ... Tho.e who tf) to "get along" "nh th: 
pre\umc:d enemy become enemle, thcllheh ',. 

A uil>lUrblllg e\all1ple i\ a rap c:llled "Rodne) Ie b) 
WillIe D. fonnerl) of the Hou,>ton-bJ ed Geto Bo),. In 
• In ob,cenily-l;lceJ III,Idt'. Willie D m c", Rodne~ Kind 
and Ihe civil nght" anlh~m "We Shall 0, ercnme .. .. I m 
Ilred fyou good link niggJ\1 a~ In ' mere;hC Ihe p'~JC~ 
Jnd leI the Iiolence ea,e." he , .. \\", He thl!n call, KlOg 
J ·· .. cll UI son of a bnch" Jnd ,hOOh hml 

See RACE, Page 6 

Thursday, October 8, 1992 

SHOurnWE 
CARE ABoUT 
COLUMBUS? 
COIMNIARY: five centuries 
after the "discovery" of America, 
there can be IX} defense for 
ams~r Columbus' brutal 
conquest of the New World 
By ChrIstopher Conway 
Staff Writer 

For the last two years now, and with ever 
increasing frequency and inten ity, many of us 
have been declining the invitation to attend the 
500th binhday pany of the supposed "discov-
ery" of America. 

Conservatives have used the issue 10 erect 
con piratorial. Marxist-Lenini t stmwmen in 
lheir truggle against student groups with which 
lhey've always had a beef. Manyanti-Colum-
bus protestors obliged their antagoni ts with 
asinine reasoning ("Columbus bad ... Colum-
bus very bad! Columbus very, very, very bad 
man!"). And a good time was had by most 
people, although they knew nothing about what 
they were talking about. 

Many students who have a personal sl4lke in 
the debate, uch as Oticano , Latinos and Na-
tiveAmerican ,have made their position known 
in no uncenain terms with conviction and righ-
teous anger. These students are not quibbling 
about ancient history, but about the present, 
about raci m in our schools and media. They 
know what they're talking about. 

Meanwhile, back at the fort , the Columbus 
Cheerleaders ("Cheerleaders" from thi point 
onward) pick up their red, white and blue pom-
poms and rally around their three major de-
fenses: I) No one person can be singled out as 
re ponsible for all atrocities committed against 
Native Americans; 2) Many "Indians" were as 
cruel as any conquistador, and 3) It was 500 
years ago - lighten up! 

Let us examine these points one by one. 
Christopher Columbus the man was a small fry. 
He was a religious kook, even by his time 's 
standards, as the historian Pauline Moffit WatL~ 
has noted in an erudite study, and he was a 
typical racist, as evidenced by his very own 
words. For example, he was fond of kid napping 
Native Americans in Ihe name of the Spanish 
Crown and cutting off their noses and ears if 
they offended him. He also enslaved Native 
Americans and made them wear necklaces that 
recorded the tribute they owed to their conquer-
ors. Sounds a little like what happened to some 
of my family back in Warsaw when the Nazi 
"discovered" Poland. 

So, while the Cheerleaders are alarmingly 
misinformed as to the facts pertaining to what is 
known about Columbus the man, I will grant 
[hem that Columbus is not much of a villain. He 
did not have the time, the money or the ideas to 
implement the genocide carried OUt by many of 
the military types that were to follow. So to hell 
with Columbus. 

Then there's the argument that the Aztecs, 
the Incas or whoever, were really as bad as the 
Europeans, exercising CNelty and imperialism 
in their home turf. Onelobotornized John Wayne 
fan wrote in to the San Francisco Chronicle a 
couple of years ago, in the wake of Dances With 
Wolves, to call the Sioux bloodthirsty beasts 
with a penchant for scalping. 

This is a ridiculous line of reasoning. There 
were so many different cultures in the Americas 
in 1492 (represented by over a thousand lan-
guages, by some estimates) that any generaJiza-
tion about all of them is absolutely untenable. 
Some cultures may have been warlike - so 
what? Many were not. Many European states 
were warlike and barbaric in 1492. Why not 
eliminate any of them from the face of the earth? 

I should note, in all fairness. that the 
demonization of the Native American by the 
Cheerleaders i most often a response to the 
whiny Noble Savage myth that many liberal 
white people like to throw around. This myth is 

See COLUMBUS, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPI 10 5 

COMMENI'ARY: The battle between the C<HlpS and the administrntion is a war over 
basic ecooomic philosophies - with the co-ops on the side of free market capitalism 

THEF~HTFORCHEAPSNAPPLE 

BEN 

IY[HUK 

The student co-
op are getting the 
boot at the end of the 
month, and it 's a 
shame. Who would 
have Ihoughtthat the 
co-ops, the local van-
guards of "alterna-
tive" economics. 
wouldbecomeasym-
bol - nay, a cham-
pion - for free·mar· 
ket capitalism. 

Yes, capitalism. 
It has become in-

creasingly clear in the last year, as the contro-
versy degenerated into a toumanlent of law-
yers, that the co-op , dilemma has precious 
little to do with issue of student organization 
statu. ,liability insurance or related technical i-
lies - those are merely pan of an elaborme 
charade. The real issue can be narrowed down 
to bagels, books and Cokes for 40 cents. 

It doe n' t take a geniu or an economisllo 
figure outthat it is cheaperto buy a bagel at the 
Food Co·op for 25 cent than al the Price 
Center Sun hine Store for an outrageous 40 
cents. Why hike down to the Price Center, the 
Rathskellar or similar universiry-controlled 
establishmenls and pay up to 99 cents for a 
cola when it is easier and cheaper to go to the 
General Store and pay a mere 40 cents? 

The complete co-op saga, spanning three 
years, is much tOO complex to explain in detail 
here. But events took an interesting tum this 
ummer. BrieOy: The administration told the 

University Center Board to take a long walk 
off a short pier. "Screw you, UCB," the shad-
owy bureaucratic monolith proclaimed. "we're 
dealing with the Associated Students now. So 
you just pas your little re olution , you little 
whiners. We don'l care." 

So [he administration said 10 the A.S.: 
"Here's the deal. You take control of the co-
ops. We don ' t want 'em. And if you do, we'll 
give you Autonomy." 

The A.S. replied gleefully: "Holy cow! 
Autonomy! Really?" And then, in a moment 
of careful kepticism, added, "What 's the 
catch?" 

"Catch?" the administration replied, a bit 

Roaer Kuol Guardian 
hurt. "No calch, really. Just the underslanding 
that by taking overtheco-op . you assume Fu II 
and Complele Responsibility for the accursed 
things. So if they should.~y.go b;mJ..rupt.you 
kid are left holding the bag." 

"Hmmm:' the A.S. replied. "That's an 
intriguing offer. And if we refuse?" 

The administration smiled broadly and re-
plied. "If you refuse. then you :Ire lelling us 
that you like what you've seen thus far. thaI 
you believe the matter is be~tleft in our hands. 
and that you es entially endorse any future 
action we may take to rectify Ihis horrid situ-
ation. That's not so bad. i itT' 

"We' ll get back 10 you." Ihe A.S. replied. 
"Don'l wait too long." Ihe adminislrmion 

called after Ihem. "'These damned lawyers 
charge by the hour. .. " 

To make an already long story a bit horter, 
the A.S. passed a resolut ion in July to lum 
down the admini lration's moSI generoll~ of-
fer, but with a few qualifications. While it 
chose to reject the adminislralion's scheme, it 
stated categorically that it did not endorse a 
course of action which would result in the 
eviction of the co-ops. Also, Ihe A.S. is going 
to make a concened effort toward autonomy. 

The co-ops are clearly not the "sh~box" 
businesses they were 15 years ago. that is for 
cenain. They are big busine~~. And Ihere can 
be no doubt that the co·op , taken u a whole. 
are a major fly in the university 's ointment. 

So, instead of playing the game and run-
ning the co-ops out of bu ines by undercut-
ting their price like honest capitalists would, 
the administration decided to invoke obscure 
rules and regulations - and even resorted to 

breaking and entering - 10 beal Ihe h:lpless 
students inlO submission. 

The campus administration hal> ~hown 
exceptional cowardice in word :md deed 
Ihroughout Ihis entire aff"jr. Changing locks, 
voiding lease agreements,taunl ing Ihem with 
compromise only to pull them away at the 
lasl second ... Ihis is Ihe behavior of pre-
school children. not businessmen. 

From a purety selfish poinl of view, I am 
willing to put aside my personal irritation for 
some of the co-ops' more outspoken apolo-
gi t~ and their repugnant political cau~el> and 
offer my suppon. however fUlile, 10 Ihe~e 
!. inking ships. 

The fact of the mailer b. I can buy my 
belovcd Snapple raspberry iced tca for 90 
cents al the General Siore a~ oppo~ed to 95 
cenl al the accursed Sunshine Store. I would 
much rmher walk 50 yards out of my office, 
down the stairs and around the comer inlo the 
General Store or Ihe Food Co-op to purchase 
a cheap, semi-nulritious lunch Ihan be forced 
10 hike half a mile or so down to the Price 
Center for an overpriced burger or burrito. 

houldn 'l Ihe co-op~ :IS~ume ~ome of the 
responsibility for their current mi~fortune'! 
Certainly. Lei's not forget that the primary 
reason why they are facing Iheir demise is 
because of Iheir chronic financial lapses. De-
spite whatever Ihe zealOIS a( Groundwork 
Books may ~cream , zero- inlere~ 1 loans and 
IOU:. t employee~ are not sound bu iness 
practices. And, ye • impropriclies were found 
in Ihe much ballyhooed audits. The que~tion 
is. doe the punishmem fillhe crime? 

0, it does not. To Iheir credit, Ihe co-ops 
have tried 10 meet every demand the adminis-
tration has m:lde. including taking Oul a $3 
million insurance policy. 

Vice Chancellor Joseph Walson has ;.aid 
lime and again Ihal [he admini,lrmion is act-
ing in the ,I udenl~ ' beM intere~1 by persecut-
ing the co-op '. Well, Ihe average student 
doesn't giveadamnabout liability, or whether 
or not the co-op is a student organi1,3tion. The 
student want cheap Snapplc. If the university 
can't meel Ihese ral her humble demand\ then 
Ihe studenls will lake Iheir business else-
where. In case they've forgonen. thal '~ how 
lhe free market works. 

REPoRTS OF Co-op AUDITS WERE OUTRAGEOUS 
Editor: 

I am writing this letter to protest your 
outrageous coverage of the university 's audits 
of the co-ops ("Audit Puts Groundwork Books 
in Bind," Oct. 5). It seems to me that the 
Guardian has been very unprofessional in its 
coverage of the audits, applying one Standard 
of evidence to the university and a much 
stricter standard of evidence to the co-ops. 

For instance, in your June 4 article on the 
other co-ops' audits, you reponed that "Audit 
Finds Co-op Improprieties." Yet, despite ad-
ministration allegations, there were no impro-
prieties found. Indeed,the LA. Times headline 
(June 5) on the co-ops' audit was that "UC 
Audit Clears Co-ops of Misdeeds." 

In a nonnal daily newspaper, one is careful 
to separate fact and opinion. l1Ie university's 
conclusions in its audit repon are opinions, not 
fact They should be reponed as such. 

For instance, instead of writing that the 
final audit "found" serious internal control 
weaknesses at Groundwork Books, you should 
write that the audit "alleged" that there were 
serious internal control weaknesses. This is a 
standard journalistic practice, that, alas, has 
somehow not made it into the Guardian's 
training sess ion . 

Your next tep hould be to allempt to 
verify the audit's charge . How do you do th is? 
Instead of getting administrators to make in-
flammatory statements, you might try to use 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Guardian IOI?Icomes lettetS from itS readers. All letters 
rrvst be ()oped. cJoubIHpeced. and no Icntler than throe 
~. Letters SIIOUIt1 /liS() be s~ anc1 contain a 0h0ne 
rnmber. Submissions may be sent by mail or dropped off at 
CIIe Guaroia'l ol'llces on /he S«OOd floor of the old Student 
Center (~ aoo.e t/Ie General Store (hcp and ovet1OoI<int 
CIIe Hump). Send /III lef!ers to: 

The GuarOIan 
OpInion EdItor 

9500 GI.tnBn 1)". 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92903C316 

outside sources. For instance, you could send 
acopyoflheaudit reporttoaCPA finn and ask 
for their opinion. Or, you might request 10 see 
audit repons of university departments orother 
university retail operalions . 

Had you done any (or preferably all) of 
these things, you probably would have found 
out what the auditors infonnally lold us -
namely, that there are no serious internal con-

trol weakne~es at Groundwork Books. 
Steve Dubb 

More BaIan:ed Coverage 
Editor: 

The following lines from Midge Coslanza. 
San Diego director for the Barbara Boxer 
campaign, in the Oct. I G"ardian ("Students 
Rally ForChoicc") J found not only intriguing 
bUI very telling. 

"Considering the current U.S. economy 
and diseases like AIDS. Ihe issue of lives 10 I 
to abortion hould not be major political con-
cern, argued Costanza." "'When anybody's 
rights are challenged, nobody' rights are se-
cure: said Costanza." 

She's right, you know. What are 1.5 mil-
lion human lives annually when faced with an 
economy that with all its purported benefits 
has still managed to curse us with one of the 
highest standards of living anywhere in the 
world'! And who is better in the position to 
know how insecure rights really are than the 
crop of 1.5 million nobodies Ihal could testify 
to that reali ty annually if they were ever al-
lowed to remain alive long enough to do so. 
Go for it, Midge ... let's gel your candidate in 
office and help u get things in their proper 
perspective. 

And you. Guardian, [hanks for pre~enting 
such balanced coverage of Ihe issues. 

Rick Floyd 



6 OPINION 

RACE: There is no 
excuse for intolerance 
by people of any color 
ContInued from page 4 

Many young blacks now view 
black peacemakers the ~ame way 
southem racists once viewed "nigger 
lovers." Even more troubling are the 
people of all colors who ju~tify this 
Olindset. claiming that any criticbm 
of young black is "blaming Ihe vic-

I urn." 
Even after the L.A. riots, many 

Americans just don't seem to gel it 
We have Ihe makings of generational 
race wars on our hands. The time for 
making excuses for intolerJnl behav-
i ron any ,ideb over. Soonerorlaler, 
we've gOI 10 judge each other by the 

Quotabl 

same standards. 
We can start by admitting that no 

one group has a monopoly on intoler-
ance, and lhal real solution mu I 
address the economic and culrural 
roots of racial ten ion. A society that 
puts more black men in jail than in 
college has i t~ prioritie screwed up. 
But those who paint all police or all 
whites or all people of any group as an 
unredeemable enemy are nOI offering 
a better al temative. 

Long-range solutions will require 
a way of thinking and doing bu ine 
in which we can accept difference 
without being imprisoned by it In a 
multi-racial democracy, we will un· 
derstand that freedom and power are 
relative things. So. in Ice-T" own 
words: "Freedom of speech/J ust watc h 
what you say: ' 

"A politician would do well to remember that he ha~ to live with his conscience 
longer than he doc:, with h~ con'itituenl\." 

Do You Have 

MONO? 
EARN $$$ 
You may have antibodie~ 
needed for research and 

diagnoslics. plus earn up 

to $100 per wee~ . 

Please call 
MD LlIOUTOIIIS 
226·1733 

- Melvin R. Laird 

The Federal Government Is 
now hiring In this area. 
I Excelleftt s.tary • BenefIt. 
I A-..I Leave (polf • ..-""1 
• COIIIIII'lhlAIIv' IMInnc:' ....... 
I SuperIor Job SecurIty 

Ov.21,OOO 
I ............. ..,. 

)"r-[~ PLEA: ~;:c FEOERA:l I .. , J08 INFORMATION I 
' I"tLU(~NLUU 1:: .. - - -----
I 

I 
I 
I I C,ty ___ Stote _ Z,p - I 

I MAIl TO: I 
I DATA B A$( EMPlOYIII£NT C ENTER I 3354 v ......... AD. L _ s-r ... CA 91902 _-.J 

The UCSD Guardian 

COLUMBUS: His 
500th anniversary is no 
reason to celebrate 
ContInued from pace 5 
as dehumanizing as the Cheerleader's 
caricature. According 10 the Noble 
Savage myth. the Native American i" 
ome son of hippie slate of mind. nOI 

a real person. For example. I once 
took a course on ative American 
literature and was able 10 observe 
white, wanna-be Lndiansconfes their 
sense of connecledn~ to Ihe earth a> 
if it were some kind of holy passpon 
thaI en~ures entry into a generic "In· 
dian" experience. Givemea break! 
Stick with the Beatles,brothers and 

s i ~ter : at lea t it' more hone I. 
Last but not least i lhe argument 

that we're really talking ancient his-
tory. 0 leI 's let bygone be bygone~. 

ow. thi i~ what should really be 
inspiring debate. LaM week I '>poke 
with a Spani h friend who told me 

Conf idence Is JUS! 
A PlJone Call Away ... 

that a little Ie s than 2,000 years ago 
hi vi llage and county in Spain had 
been overrun by cruel Romans who 
crucifiedandtonured thelocal . "And 
yet," my friend lold me. "my govern-
ment and people do not hold these 
crimes against the Italians." 

What is the difference between 
my Spanish friend-s example and the 

1he debIIte about the 
"d.eovery" of 
AmeItca Is not about 
history, but about 
now. 

case of the violent conquest of the 
ew World? The difference is that 

the indigenous peoples of the Ameri-
cas are still in a life and death struggle 
for freedom of religion. ~If-detenlli ­
nation and life ilself. 

Race i ~t ill a divisionary wound 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
LOW COST 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
(I".",od/Q,. Tn' Rnults) 

PREGNANCY TERMINATION 
(CmI'Nl or 1.ocQ/ Ann /""III) 

AFFORDABLE BIRTII CONTROL 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

l"rur,."Ct'. Vis ... MIIS/erC8rd, 
Disco,..,. Card Welrome 

(619) 535-1379 

Thursday. Octolwr 8 . 1992 

in Lati n America, where nati ve 
peoples are rout inely and systemati-
cally murdered. In Guatemala's Lake 
Alitlan, men, women and children. 
proud descendants of the Maya, are 
mowed down by soldiers with ma-
chine guns. 

In North America, activists such 
as Leonard Pelt ier are imprisoned for 
life on trumped-up charge . Others 
live in great poverty in that invi ible 
and my terious Nonh American third 
world ghetto called the " Indian Re -
ervation. " 

To the people for whom it matters 
the most, the debate aboul the' '-dis-
covery" of America is not about his-
tory, but about now. It ' not about 
Columbus. it's about re istance. It's 
not about multicuItural i~m. it's about 
survival. Consider thi when you con-
lemplate j umping on the celebratory 
bandwagon this Columbus Day. You 
may be dishonoring the dead. and that 
is something that cannot be taken 
lightly. 

I ~~~~~7!!~:'~ 1 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $25.99 

I 
I l 
I 

-..... -I111111111-.... ,....~.C .. L.IP OUT AND SAVE - - - - - - :1 

COMPULSORY SPEECH CODE 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Brakes Special * $60 
Includes new paas or shoes. 
resurface rotors or drums, 
check hydrouhc system. road test . 
12 mo./12.ooo mile warranty 
• most carS 

C & D Auto Car. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-6 pm, Sat . 8-5 

6660 M iramar Rd .• suite C 
(behind Goodyear) 

San Diego, CA 92121 
(619) 558-2436 

Unlimited 
Copies 
3.5C ea. 

8.5 x 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or self serve 

Must sho w sludenl ID E lweI 11/8/92 
4150 Regents Park Row 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
457-1007 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Dont sa 
book 
boring 
dead 

I drunk 
I fail fat 
I 

Effective immediately, all students and faculty will 
observe the following rules for appropriate language: 

- processed tree carcass 
charm-free 
terminally Inconvenienced 
so brlety-dep rived 

_ achieve a deficiency 
possessing an alternative body 
image 

I girl - pre-woman 
I grammar .. ethnocentric white patriarchal restructuring of language 
I history - his 'n' herstory 
I ignoramus.... knowledge-base non-possessor late - specially prompt I lazy .... motivationally dispossessed 
I messy - nontradltlonally ordered nonathlete .... uniquely-coordinated Individual 
I seminar - ovular I stupid .... cerebrally challenged 

ugly - cosmetically different I white .... melanin-Impoverished lt1J VILLARD BOOKS I I worst = least best A Division of Random House. Inc I 
I t Furthermore. aU members of die IIaIdemIc: commllllllJ ere expected to pardlate - ad master the contents of - Tie Offlc"" P.l1Uudlt CorNet DfdIM4ItJ .114 H4UIiHi • ." Hell., BeIrd _ I I I ~r Cerf MIlanI. $10) now ... bIe front JOIII' local procellld·ba cerc:a. ..... I I 1.iiii--------____________ iii.I 

Thursday, October 8, 1992 

FIrehose rocked at last Friday's TG In the PrIce Center. 

POLICE: 
Students will help 
officers with security 
ContInued from page 1 
situations that come with providing se-
curity. 

This will be in addition to the stan-
dard training that CSOs receive involv-
ing public relations. traffIC control and 
officer safety. 

While the program is sri II in the 
planning stages. one of the anticipated 
problems is sc.heduling. 

Hours forCPAs are likely to include 
late nighl and gmveyard shifts, as well 

PPM: New 
policies irk student 
government, co-ops 
Continued from page 1 
Burnell. 

University Centers Director Jim 
Carruthers disagrees. "[With the new 
PPMs) there would be greater account-
ability for all involved. especially stu-
dents," he said. 

General Store Co-<lP Senior Oerk 
Randy Corpuz said there would be grave 
consequences if the Co-<lPS were forced 
10 hand over their accounting. 

"It's the students who lose out the 
most If we were removed. textbooks 
and other upplies would no longer be 
accessible. Italsotakesawaythechance 
for srudents to learn how to run a busi-
ness. In addition, we employ 16 people 
alone. So many jobs would be lost," he 
said. 

The final decision on the "interim" 
PPMs will be made by the Student 
Regulations Review Committee later 

UCSA: Bills may 
increase financial aid 
money available 
Continued from pap 3 
the senate. 

According 10 figures supplied by the 
UCSA, the current California budget 
cut $45 million from the Cal Grant 
program. 

"We are very excited; students have 
an amazing opportunity to make up the 
lost ground they have been forced to 
take fmancialJy," said UCSA member 
Andy Shaw. 

California State Student Associa-
tion member Elizabeth Fenton ex-
plained why she feels the biIJs are im-
pcr1anL "With the drop in student en-
rollment due to increased fees and the 
fact that only one in four Students re-
ceived a Cal emu. this year, the v~ on 
ThliOOay wiU be one of the most impor-

as shon notices 10 work at odd hours. 
According to Koran, as long as the 
CPAs who are hired are aware of the 
hours there houldn't be a problem. 

While the CPA program is derived 
from the CSO department and will be 
run from the same office, they will be 
very different . 

The CSOS primary duty is to pro-
vide escorts, whereas the CPAs will be 
exclusively responsible for security. 

According to UCSD Olief of Police 
John Anderson, '111is is the first time 
the CSO progrJlTl is expanding its re-
sponsibilities. [CPAsl will remain non-
confrontlt:ional. like the CSOS. but will 
help enhance security." 

Guardian file Photo 
A.S. PresIdent Mike Holmes has 
criticized the Interim PPMs. 

this quarter. 'The committee is made up 
of students, staff and faculty advisors, 
three government officers and Aguilar. 

Fundraising activities by student or-
gani11llions that occur for soon periods 
are not affected, Aguilar said 

........ EtIIorAalICiec:o DeVries 
contrIIuted to till. report 

tant student legislation votes of the en-
tire year," she said 

Fentonsaysthatifthebill arepassed 
and signed by Governor Wilson, the 
money may be available by next quar-
ter. "The bills will not help the situation 
this faJI but we are nying to helpSlUdents 
in the winter of '93." she added 

Govemor Wilson's office lobbied 
against the two senate biUs during their 
ftrsl oip through the legislarure, but his 
offICe is refusing to comment at thi 
time. 

"Until the bills are brought up in the 
special session there is nothing to say 
about them," said Linda Frost, a spokes-
person from the governor's office. 

UC OfflCC of the President Spokes-
man Mike Alva also declined to com-
ment on the bills. 

Last week, the Associated Students 
of UC Davis passed a resolution to 
lobby for the passage of the bills. It has 
since been campaigning throughout the 

The UCSD Guardian 

Jason R~chi ./GU8fdjan 

Koran expects that service wi.ll be-
gin sometime in mid-October. 

"We've been contacted by many 
depanrnents for full-time service and 
are working to accommodate all of the 
needs. So far people are responding 

wel~" he said 
In all. the program is expected to 

provide a more affordable, responsible 
and economical alternative for groups 
who require security. according to Ko-
mn. 

However, the cost of the progmm 
has not yet been set 

At the moment there i a need ~ r 
people to fill both CPA and CSO po5i-
tions, Koran said. 

Interim 
Policy a Procedure 
McmuaI AddtkNIs 

33,lOA-6 
Registration as a Student Organi-
zation does not include or imply 
authorization to provide retail/re-
sale services on the UCSD cam-
pus. Permission to operate retail/ 
resale services must be granted 
by UCSD and conform to aI/ appli-
cable UCSD and University pol~ 
cies and procedures. 

33.10A·7 
Outside accounts of private non-
University funds may be held in 
the name of registered student 
organizations, except for on-<:am-
pus retail/resale operations. All 
accounts associated with the pro-
vision of retail/resale services on 
the UCSD campus by registered 
student organizations must be on-
campus accounts and must con-
form to all applicable UCSD and 
University policies and procedures 
and to retail/resale authorizing 
agreements or contracts granted 
by UCSD. 

stale in ajointeffort with student groups 
in the California State system. 

In an effon to sway the VOle in the 
legislature, the UCSA is planning a rally 
on the steps of the state capitol today. 

"We are bussing in students from 
Berkeley, Santa Cruz, Davis. Sacra-
mento and local junior colleges in an 
effort to how the state govemment that 
we are united in our effon," said Shaw. 

"We want to let legislators know 
that an election is coming in November 
and we, as a unified group of students, 
expect suppon on this i ue," said 
Fenton. 

ERRATUM 
In the Oct. I issue of the Guardian the 

aJ1icle: enlided "UCB Seeks <:<Hlp Forum" 
incarectly gave credit for the fOflllll. Revelle: 
College Junior Gina Mele presenled the idea 
to the UCB on behalf of ocher SlIIdenIS at the 
meeting. The Guardian n:grets Ihls error. 

NEW. 7 

ApPLICATIONS ARE CURRENTLY AVAILABLE FOR 
....... ,&iiI,iiI~oI.IoiJoja;.- OF THE FOLLOWING COMMiTIEES: 

• Student Health Advisory 
• Student Regulations Review 
• University & Special Events 
• Parking & Transportation 
• Bookstore Advisory 
• A.S_ Elections Committee 
• and others 
Pick up applications at the Revelle Dean's Office 

---

JII, N A I L S P ECI A LS , 
ACRYLIC $18.99 I' NAILS Reg $35 j 

$24.95 Tip Overlay Reg. $45 
Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 

Fiberglass Nails with Ti ps $29,99 Reg. $45 
Manicures & PedIcures $15.95 

Waxing Starting at $3 
ManIcures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

~ 4-p~ MENANDWOMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560·0325 • 560-5061 
Not valid WTlh My other oHors EJpltoS 10122192 

csa ESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 P.M. to \:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Sale, DOli ', Walk Aloll e! 

___ lr::,~n. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I. F~-;'~ .. ~~~~~Y* 
""W. cJ.liy.,. 
world wide" 

.. SlO nlllllnl u m purchostl • w Ilhll1 5 n1lle radi US orcumpus 

I \f'I IIVl~! 
Nul valid Wllh 
My other "tre r 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (111 the Rnlph's Center) Prompt deli very. 7 days n week. Open dally 11 3111·8 pm 

He's Finally 
Lost It 

Filii He Losl His Siudenis 
In l\1'llhc.,J1nn~d41IlI\.C.'\I\'\\ \\UJ~lodl\llh I; 
""U"klll" Inl' ~t"r-.I,'kr, l\l" hdd h-,pl.ltl-J .... "rl,Ill ,1 
IIW(tlUIlI,\ .. iM~" .. t" \ I ,,'ur"t.' ,\ nJ ,hi" \l'.H Ihl' 
/'ru)j"d\,n kt'I'll'\\ \\ tlll''''I1'k'lhl: 111,"" Pl'ruh~ 
15 .. \ r ,uhl ll\IA I wur .... 11111", n..lflnn 

Then He Losl His Mind 
.... J~'&.llIlhll1l. .. hl ,-dn (pfl\ Ull,' \1'14.1111.0.11" I., ......... 1'1 
IllIh "uJ,'nr .. ,ut' t,,;11\'1 Ih,111 ,Ll'~ ,,' h\ ,'1\ t' 
IhJ I .'LItJhl!.I"' ... dfl' t' .ott"r IIMI1 ~'\.·"'ln ... 1 
IIhln.IlIMllwm h.};h[\·tr,llllo\j '1·,ld'lN ... . "I,J th.lt 
11\1.' !'nn\l'I"I' Rt'\ Il'\\ .1_ hll'\ ,'5 rh" ht_\·/tt"-l s"lrf 
/:I'I'ftl,'"'II·"t, '" IIi I4'HIIlIIt 1,\ u .. ,n..: t1ul-oI(·d.ak' 
lilolh'rldl· 

8ul You've Still Got YOUIi 
C.II II ... tcll.l.;l\ lilT InIMm.ll"," dllt'4..l1 rill' ~ .... t 
1_'tAl l.\I-\1 LRE l!r MC,\1 Hl\lr'ot'lfltJll' 
muntn 



The LJCS I) Guarflian 

\\ II ~ou Know, it! )0 ridiculouf. If I don't cd my 
parents every ~unday at e)(act~ S. o'clock, 
the~ thihK I was kidf\opped hy a"en~, or 

~otnet hing. Ahyway, one )ut\day me and 
Mark, we decide +0 take-off alld checkout 

+he Ci ty. )0 "",e're nafl9/nJ out and 1 look. af ~ watcn. 5 o'cloc/(, AI~i9ht, )0 my eall1h9 
card a"d I head dow,,", fo the lo(al pool hall. 
(which I ha ppen to know ha)' a payphof\e) 
And I te II the foJk5 the Martians sel'\d 
,heir bert. II 

a matter where you happen to be, the for another. 

Thur .IllY, Odobt'r 8, 11)1)2 

AT&T Calling Calti can take you home. - c:.o/Mow~ If you get your Calling Card now, your first 
It's al 0 the least expen ive way to ,,:::j;"ti:'::~"'" call will be free:* And you'll become a member of 

11 AT T h d 1 83.· OUO ",.O'~u H ca state-to- tate on .1' ,wen you can't ia ~~ __ AT&T Student Saver Plus, a program of products 
direct. With the new AT&T Call and Save Plan, mIl> 'It Oot "'.),. and service that aves students time and money. 
you'll get pecial di counts on AT&T Calling Card calls: All of which makes the AT&T Calling Card out of 
And once you have your card, you II never need to apply this world. 

10 get an A1JJ Calling Card for off-campus calling, call 1800 654-0471 Ext. 850. AD.T 
!41.J • ........ I'I C 1IJV"""I ~G ~ JIIItM! .... dPU.olt.··""H~(IIW' . '~ TLU ~fIPM""''''Il'''''OiIaMI(I.fftt •• W.MlM~''''UllltoMfftdClI~~mtwt 

rftt..ll"I't .... ~l ~ (' l1li., « .... r-n- .. ..,."...... ... oo.tl!:tt"-tInI ... (III oa.:.~lOone(tls.&:.pn....,.. 

Thllt·sllu~ . O,·t"I"· I· II, 191)2 '1'111' C. D GlIanliulI 
Paid Advertisement 

PEEK 
Greek Card rrogr.ulumng. Take adV<lIlI.1I,.>C of Ihe deals ru id let them know how strong Greek Orien-~~~AOII Fights 
~~rL~rthritis at 

UCSD 
Begimung this Fall. all IF and lhe G reek dollar is . Check Greek 

PanhellericGred.s will rocavedccals COIlU1UlS for the newest merehrults. 
for the6 UCSDSIlDn IDc:td 1lDle As the Iisl grows we will publish a 
dccals will used for enlrancc 10 a diredory for you to 1:.111)' wilh YOIl If 

tation Coming~I~~ 
This Fall 

CXdx:r Iidl Aon Nro(l\'ll will 
pICsent a check for $150.000 to Dr. 
Linda Bradley, Dept. of Biology, 
t r D.lo OOnbJlUC In n:sc.rdr project 
011 cal~ ({ :lI1Ivitis Dr. IJr:.dcy W;l! 
elecled as OIlC 01 Ihe Arthritis 

FOlUld1tiOil gr:Ultl\.'l·II ):enl~. with dlC 
grallllo he fllllkld hy \II~\[\ OmiClUll 
Pi IntcoJ.'\tion;!1 Women\ I ratemity. 

an ~iego ouncll -m':ll'hcr Judy 
M fU1)' will JRSCnl a n:sd IItrOIl f n:Jn 
d..: San OK.'gO G t)' eoaril; ~hc nJ.1kcs 
dis PI\:sel\~1Ii(l1 as a IIlclllbcrd AOn. 

Greek 
Columns 

With this Plcmier i ' lIC, II (' :Uld 
P;U1hellcnic ha\'e phased out Greek 
Minutes in onit:r to save paper iUld 
make Greek ncws more ooxssiHe for 
U '0 Gnx:ks. Greek CoIumJls will 
appe<lf eycl')' OIlier ThUI'S(L1Y in the 
Guanli;U\. 'Illat mc<ulS five times per 
quaJ1er ),011 will get the latest Gn:ek 
ne\\'s directly from Panhelleni ;md 
IFe. Gn:ek Colulllns will also have 
the lales l Greek SPOI'IS scores, 
upcoming calendar, :U1d deals hcing 
offered around tO\\'II , especially for 
Greeks. Greek ohul\ns is jl1~t one 
\\'<1)' U: and Panhcllcni arc working 
to olTer more benefi Is for being a 
l JCSO Greek. 

nWlIber of I Prulhellenic events, 
eli counts al local busi nesses and, 
discaUlts Oil cover charges twUuid the 
<1m Wewilll~vc;dtitialo1l ruoollnts 
for you as we signncw merch;mls. 
1llc n:sponsc has been excellenl 

By using tIDe merch .. n ts yoo :we 
also helping to upport Grcek 
Prognumning lhroughoulthe yeHr. 
Moot of thc Gm Card nlCl'dl<1l1ts are 
companies that arc sponsoring our 

( rPEEK 92-93 ) 
you "'anI 10 suggest a husiness for 
Greek Card, drop a now in the II (: or 
P;u\heUenic mailhox. 

Dcc:1Is will is.\lk.:d 10 }'OlU'ch.1fllcr 
soon as Fall paperwork is ltulu:d ill. 
When ),011 recei\'c )'0lU' o..,-cil. a/lix it 
10 )'OlIC lICS I) II in th.: upper light 
collier din:ctly alx)\ e yOlU' photo. 

Rush Kick-Off, 3 Times 
Expected Attendance 

Event orgrulizers expecled 500 production comlXUlY PUIllI 'd posl-
allhc AII,C'UllPUS Oru\ce '92. 1500 Illodem and popular musie ~ideo 
studenls crowded the 'Price Center 10 an overnow crowd of \ JCS I) 
b..'IIlroollls on 'nlllrsday Sept. 2~as studenls . A thirty -fool video 
If'; and Panhellcnic sponsored and projcclion sys lelll, Iighling . ali(I 
all -campus video dance party. special effecls lransformed Ihc 
B.W.I. , the Connecticut -b..1s d VJ nallroollls inlo a dance cluh. 

CSD students start the quarter at a sci lout video dance fXlrty sron'()I~d by 
Associated tudcnls. IntcI{mtcmity Council , and Panhc/lctllc. 

&'giJUung dus faUIll-'11' Illcmb.:rs 
of dlC CSD Greek systcm will aJlClid 
Glu:k Orient.1tion on SatlU'd1Y Nov. 
21 . llus (L1Y long seminar will 001'(.'1' 

lopil..'.~ such as dalc rape, alcohol dmg 
IIhlL~C, soci .. ~ divcl 'it), ,uld s, i1'c sex. 
I FC/Pallhellcnie has signcd 101' 
spcilkers in Ihcse arcas 10 assure a 
qualilY presenlalioll for lhe IICW 
members. Apple eOlllJluter will 
sp()nsor this e\,CIiI and .' lIb\\'<Jy 
s:urdwidlCs will provide hUich for tllC 
p;u1icip;UIIS. They will also reeci ,'e 
the ''GIeck St;u1cr Kil"f'1I1I of soU1lples 
i.c. a cutifrc.c for a l'n:c Sl~". Sld)\,ay. 

'~ utrl\g nc.\1 Sr_ing, Gn:ck Orimli~oll 
will take plaee shortl} after m,h 

Doyle 
Elementary 
Positions Still 
Available 

PmhcllL~u 'nnd II (' will UllIUIIUC 
\UPlklrltng I), 1) Ie I ~eJll etllal) in tllC 
nearhy l TC are;1 A variety of 
IX>:.I ti lln ~ ar.: availahle nUl),!ing fJ'OJII 
OtIC on OlC IUlo,ing to aftl:m()(.1 spnt~ 
supcrvi \ion ('I \ II1g Do) Ie a httle of 
),ollrtilm: i~ a gJ\:ilt \\ a) k)~lil) il1tnudl 
II itll ,uld ~IIPlu1 (~U I<ll.d l'Ol1J1l1U1il) . 
I 'ex iI1Ji)fll~IIJ()1I " ~II;": I )tllU' 1'1 "/Fe 
n.: prC~l.'lll<llJ\ c. 

Greek Calendar 
ICKr/<l>L\8 91-92 Sports Banner 
Champions 

KK.r arid <l>68 CllIle out 011 top 
inla<;t ~rr's slXll1S lnun oomp..'libOlt 
lllC U; sports oo.Ulcr competition is 
si:l; )'C<U'S old whilc last year's oo.Ulcr 
was tile first for PrulllCllcnic. TIlis is 
h : Gth lnun fer dlC Phi l)Jl~. 'Thoug! 
tllC Pili Dcll~ are wldefeated oo.Ulcr 
clJ.'UlIllS, "the OOI11IX:tilion looks fierce 

~Jis ),\:<11'. dlC tearns arc as cqml as dlCy 
have ever been," says Mike Hipp, 
Direclor of UCSO IntrJlllur& Sports. 
Mike goes 011 to predict dl<lt, "dlC Phi 
Delts are going to ha\'e all e:l; lremely 
hard time wiJUUng il again tllis yc.'lr." 
When asked for his Pallhellenic 
predictions M ike said, <rlbc Kappas 
look to be favorites out of dlC gate, but 
who knows, dl<It's why we play dleSC 
~U11es . " 

You'l be able 10 St.1Y lip 011 die 
currellt scores and upcoming ports 

evcnl~ righl hen: in GlCek CohUlIIIS. 
Every issue will feature tile latest in 
!FC ruid Pnnhcllenic sports. 

Sec tllC Slats table to ~ how dlC 
91·92 competitors lilli, hed. Greek 
CollUIUl wiU keep you iJlfonlloo of 
the latesl resl~ts ~lI'Ol.Ighout tllC year. 

Vdkytdl stiltS dis yea's In ... :r 
race . Both [FC ruld Panhellenic 
COI11JX=titiOlI is Ocl 26-29. 

ISS SPORTS 
1 KKr 500 
2 fIBcl> 370 
3 M' 370 
4 l:K 275 
5 AM 235 
6 XC 150 
7 Aon 115 
8 AXQ 50 

IFC SPORTS 
1 ~Ae 635 
2 l:AE 542.2 
3 nK<I> 440 
4 AI<I> 400 
5 l:X 362.3 
6 l:N 359.8 
7 ATA 358 
8 ZBT 319.7 
9 m 252.8 

10 I<I>E 240 
11 IAM 180 
12 <l>Ke 163 
13 oon 133.2 
14 TKE 112.5 
15 FIJI 46 

>. 1018 
~ Greek Night, 

~ Moondoggies, 
E La Jolla 
I- (see ad) 

1019 

>. 10/10 

10/15 

Doyle 
MentorMeeting 

10/16 

10117 
~ PHilP, would like 10 Ihank uur chart., Greek Card 
5 McrchanL~' Subway, Moond uggies, 'orth '00,1 
tii Cleaners, and LillIe Caeser's. Walch for dc;, Is al 
W~===lh=e=~=a=nd=O=lh=e=rG='r~rr=k=('=ar=d=M=er=ch=al='1s=" ==~ 

10118 
>. 

10/11 
tQ 
'0 
C 

~ 
W 

» 
10112 

(J] 
'U 
C 

~ 
>. 10/13 
~ Doyle Applicalions Due 
CD 2:00pm 

~ PanhelienicIJFC QHice 
I- Pt-VI Fe Mtg 

~ 10114 
i 
CII 
C 

EXCEL '92 

10119 

Doyle Program 
Begins 

10120 

BOD Mtg 
10121 

'0 Doyle 
~L-_M __ en_t_or_M_e_e_ti~ng~~ ____________ ~ 

For chapler events 10 be included in Ihe Greek calendar, 
chapters muS! submil requeslS 10 IF I'anhcllenie alteasl 
I 112 wccks prior 10 publication . 

IS produced 'by me UCSD,lntc:rfratemily Council and Panhcllenit Association t619) 534-6657 

" . 

.'. 

'. 



10 OPINION The UCSD Guardian TllIIr",IIlY. Ortolwr 8. 1992 

As You LIKE IT - A MODERN COM EI )Y OF ERRORS 
SATIRE: He looked just like any other treet person t1ying to make a living, but could that unusually eloquent feUow really have been the Bard? 

By Sam Halpern 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

You meel (reel people in every lown in 
merica Ihe!>C day and San Diego is no excep· 

ti n. They c me in all size~, hapes and sexe~, 
and, like all of us, their firsl priority is making a 
living. Everybody has read the "Will work for 
food" ,ign held by a di~pirited. di,heveled per· 
\on ~Ianding forlornly at a freeway exit. Imag· 
Ine my <,urprise when I pa,~ed one flashing a 
card that read , "Sustain not thi~ anxiou~ ne~h 
with bread. my oul dOlh require beer." 

1lli\ pulled me over. 
"IIi." 1 said . 
"Your servant , ire" he c untered. lie was 
tifty i~h , balding. thin . grey Van Dyke bearded 
~"ith twinkling blue eye~ ami IlInned skin. He 
wore a denim work hin. khaki pants and a rope 
bell. On his s kless feet were ~ndals. 

"How is it going'!" 
.. s a schoolboy freed of classes." he said 

and tla~hed me a grin that revealed need for a 
3,000 dental ",ppointment. 

"My name i am:' I said. 
"William Shakespeare," he said. 
"Not of Str .. llford?" 
"Doubt it nol. Would you hear Julius Cae· 

,a r ... perhaps a lillie MacBeth? I always liked 
my trdgedies be t." 

"1lley can waif." I said. "Will. how in the 

" , 

," 

I ,,) I 

II, 

'1 " 

1'1 , 

I f, • 

I" , 
" t I, 
1 1•

" 

I" " I f, 
'1' 1" 11" " 
I I " ," ~ t '" " • I , I ". 

I"'t It " I. " 
H ' . 

'I 

Everybody has read the "will work for food" sign held by a 
dlspllfted, ...... veled penon standing forlornly at a 
freeway exit. ....... my surprtse when I "I.ed one 
flashing "Sustain not this anxious flesh with ...... , my 
soul doth require beer." 
world did you wind up in 1992 begging for food 
on a San Diego Mreet comer?" 

"Twas a time warp, methinks," he aid, 
"arrived bearing nothing but my clothes, yet, in 
thatsweettimeofthe lush green I 980sdid I take 
30 pound!. capital. wearying from rest in my 
lady\ bosom, and with it did stan a takeover of 
lBM. I gave dour visage to that august body's 
corporate wardroom and fortune began to~mile . 

Invoking often names of partners middle east 
and unknown, evermore heated did my argu· 
ments fly. until I did perceive the ~teady Wnock 
of knee a companied by sound other and od r 
foul indeed. Gladly did they !>enle and for mine 
signature alone. did I receive $212,000.000: ' 

''They gave you two hundred and t\\elve 
million bucks?" 

"And tock options." 

ur Actuarial 
Interns Don't Just 
Crunch Numbers. 
I Tran'l:.lmeric.l Life Companies our future is in 

lhe hand~ and minds of our actuaries. 

~(), wc offer an illlcn:i\l' SUlllmer I n l l'rn~hip 
Prog ra III that train~ YOUlO de\'elop, prk'c ~md 
markct financial '-Iccuriry product\ and to analyze 
thc financial resu lts. Our program include, : 

.. 11 :lJ1d~ on work experiencc 
.. Staff led ~l'll1ina r~ 
.. : LUd\' timc li)r aCluJria Ic\ams 
.. Exam reimhlli'scmcnrs 

.. Rccognit ion reccption 

Ifyou'rc J self 1ll00i\'ated achic\'er, inspired by 
inno";ltiol1 and excel lence, you'l\ find the 
challenges rewarding at Tran americ~ Life 
Companies' 

Actuarial ummer Internship Program. 
Infom1aCion and Refre hment 
on campus. 

DATE: October 19th, 1992 
TIME: 2pm to 4pm 
LOCATrON: areer rviee enter 

Room 103/ 104 

, TRA ~ ~1t:RIC.A & lIfE CO~IPA ' IF. 
Working together j' the best policy, 
\\C Jg)(Il' '1wh \I11'1"-lI1l'\lllJl 0PI',\f1UIlII\ Jild Jlhml,lIM JliK11l 
\\ l~nt'll JnJ monllfllit" Jre '>Irongh ffitllUf,l!\ed to.if'P~ 

''Then how come you are begging on a ,treet 
comer?" 

"Ah. miserable fate did cast il\ ~vil eye up"n 
me nd whi ·per. 'Will. find you that J~"i'e 01 
purpose upon which 10 inve~t Ihy fonllne and 
make it secure from predators, .. • 

" ndT 
"And that very eveniOg I did meet (I young 

man, high·bom and of hand~on1l;'. hone~t fa e 
who counseled me financi:11I ." 

" Into ~ha tT' 
"Silverado SU\lng, and Loan." 
" You inve. led in Sil"~rado Saving~ and 

Loan!" 
"I"vel) fanh ing." 
T hat wa, the President'~ ~on'~ company:' 
'The ~ame, and from whom I now seek 

• he,.,. Pray thee. fill my coffer-; to help press 
Illy (; d,e." 

'There you go," I said and gave him five 
dollars. 

"A thousand thanks, noble l> ire," he ~id, HI 
would SillY longer, but Imust hie toJil11my'~ for 
ustenance:' 

.. either a borrower nor a lender be," I 
called. 

"For ure," he anl>wered , as he turned the 
comer and disappeared. 

- Sam Halpern Is a Professor of 
Radiology at UCSD 

HEY 
KIDS! 
DON'T FORGET 

THE BIG 

GUARDIAN 

WRITERS' 

TRAINING 

MEETING TONIGHT 

AT 7 P,M , AT THE 
NORTH 

CONFERENCE 

ROOM (IN THE 
OLD STUDENT 

CENTER, ACROSS 

FROM KSOn. 
ON THE PROGRAM 

TONIGHT: LIBEL, 

ETHICS AND MORE 

HELPFUL WRITING 

TIPS. ALSO: THE 

EDITORS TELL 

YOU HOW TO 

WRITE NEWS , 

SPORTS, 

FEATURES, 

OPINION AND 

ARTS AND 

ENTERTAINMENT, 

Thursday, Octool'r 8. 1992 

Alumni 
Weekend 
Hits UCSD 
By Art Root 
Associate Sporrs Editor 

Fifteen national championships. 
Over fifty individual national champi. 
ons. The proud tradiI10n ofUCSD ath· 
letic will be celebrated again with its 
second annual homecoming, to be held 
this weekend 

Last year' homecomingthemewas 
"A Decade of Excellence," in recogni· 
tion of UCSD's national champion 
alumni·athletes. This year's homecom· 
ing weekend. organized by an alumni 
committee of UCSD student·athletes, 
willemphasizean "Octoberfest"theme. 

'This is an event that we hope will 
become a traditon at UCSD," said As· 
sociate Athletic Director Earl Edwards. 

Edwards spoke of the reasons why 
an athleticS-<:erIlered homecoming can 
help to eventually create a true, campus· 
wide homecoming. "Here at UCSD, a 
uru vl!rsity with ~\ l!raJ distinct olleges. 
it's hard to bring the students back be· 
cause there isn 't as strong a sense of 
camraderie. 

"Athletic have a built·in organiza· 
tional advantage. There's a natural 
carnraderie that exists among the ath· 
letes here," he eXplained. 

Edwards stated that the purpose of 
the homecoming weekend is to create 
"a sense of tradition" al UCSD, "We 
want to bring people back to their cam· 
pus," he said. 

" Homecoming gives alumni a 
chance 10 come back and see their cam· 
pus once again. It's a great opportunity 
for reunions and for networking," 
Edwards added. 

Because UCSD does not have a 
fOOlballleam, there isn't the usual "big· 
game" event around which homecom· 
ing celebrations are traditionally cen· 
teredo Bycreatinga homecoming week· 
end that showcases UCSD athletics past 
and present. Edwards feels that an ath· 
lete-<:entered homecoming willevenru· 
ally become a campus·wide event rec· 
ognized by all alwnni. "We 'll do it 
every October in Ihe hope that it will 
spinoff and become a fixture al UCSD," 
Edwards Slated. 

Saturday moming, the alumni con· 
tests begin, The swim team competes at 
9 am. followed by water polo alII a.m, 
Women's soccer plays at I p.rn and 
men's soccer at 3:30 p,m. 

The homecoming picnic begins at 
noon Saturday al the Warren Fields. 
The tennis, basketball and sand volley· 
ball courts adjacent to the Warren fields 
will be hosting activities also. 

w. SOCCER 
ContInued from page 15 
saying that players hould go out and 
punch and kick, but we have 10 learn to 
protect ourselves," the coach said 

McManus' biggest worry now is 
Division m rival Cal Lutheran who the 
Tritons face on Friday at home. As their 
third game in five days, UCSD has to 
deal with the physical strain of the hectic 
schedule. "We were hurting as we came 
home; a lotofthe players had ice packs," 
McManus said. 

Cal Lutheran is UCSD's biggest 
Division III rival. "They're probably 
favored a little right now-we're hun· 
ing and tired" McManus said. "[Cal 
Lutheran) really wants to bear us and 
move up in the rankings. fm keeping 
my fmgers crossed. .. 

"We played very well in the second 
half today, but Friday will take an effort 
like that for aD 90 minutes," the coach 
stated 

The UCSD Guardian 

Eight Ball 
TOllrnalTlent 

Date: Saturday - (lctober 1()th, 1992 

CAME 
ROOM 

CASH PRIZES Fon THE Wlr-; 'ERS! 

Sign-up at the Gameroom CAME ROOM 

SPOilT II 

i?- •••. , + 0- '4. l._ • . .,.' . ... . • ' . '<:; . . "''' . 
. t- . ~ .. " ... ~ ' 

t , . 1;>,+ <} .. 'THE 6REATEST lIrrLt· 
• SHOW ON EARTH!" : 

• 

• 
• 

y 

, + ¢> 

~+ + •• 
• 
• 

OCTOBER 20 
TUESDAY • 7PM 

MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

G.A. S14116 • StSl0/12 
UCSD Box Office 

534·6467 
~~~~ 
.-i."'?·f!: f,'';' s 

1t pre •• "tod by , : UCSD UN,VlRSITY > EvrNTS Orne, 
Ttl. ftv.nt I •• upportlld 111 part 

by tfl . Call( AlhI CounCil 

Ili'f~K 'l'f) Sf~Hf)f)IJ 
SI)I~f~Ii't! 1/2 

CPI(taet Le,I(~ taft priee-
Soft Lenses $60 pair.. ........ .. .. .. Original $120 pair 
Toric Lenses $130 pair ................ Original $260 pair 
Gas Permable $100 pair .... .. ....... Original $206 pair 
Disposable Lenses $60 for 2 boxes ... .. .... .. Ongonat $85 for 2 boxes 

*Free Contact Lenses Fitting with $35 Eye EXa,n 
(Excludmg special order lenses) 

Don 't wait long-Sale ends November 1! 
Call 296-6264 for details 

Southern Cali10rnia Institute 
of Eye Surgery 

3666 4th Ave. San Diego 

La Jolla Eye 
Surgery Center 

7360 Fay Ave., La Jolla 

----- --~------------------------------, 

.. . 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
UCSD Police Auction Saturday, Oct. 
10. 1992. PRE·AUCTIONVIEWING-
9 a.m. Auction starts - 10 a.m. Corner 

of Regents Rd. and Old Miramar Rd. 
Bicycles. jewelry. watches. more. $1 .00 
Refundable bidder card required. Cash 
or check only. (10/1-10/8) 

Euphoria BBS. Brand NEWI t200 and 
2400 bauds. Wildcat. FREE. Oriine Soft-
ware 558-7104, 24 hrs. (10/1 -10/22) 

HOMECOMING 1992! Saturday, Oct. 10. 
Warren FI8Id 12-5. Picnic games, dunk 
tank. food & drink. volleyball, basketball. 
tennis, so/t)aJ. Come mingle with current 
UCSD Intercolegiate Athletes as well as 
the old folks I 534-4211 , (10/1-t0/8) 

Phi Alpha Della Pre-Law, cOoed frater-
nity, Info night: Tuesday. Oct. 13,7p,m, 
Warren 2005. (10/5-10/12) 

The e 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
rece ion-bu ting, UCSD 

exclu ive bargain. 
Thank for your palronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) """ .. ".,, 450 3323 
UCSD EATS 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Cafe Zero .................... 457-4365 
Mr, T's Cafe ........... , .... 755· 7642 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453 0286 

Se~or Pesca ................ 457 -0597 
Stratford Coffee House 481 -8590 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ............... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ......... 695- t 990 
Robert's .. 275·1132 
Tom's .......................... 450·9494 
Cosla Verde Car Wash ,587·4844 
UCSD HAIR 
Salon Halllsma .. ...271·1810 
We Care Hair ............... 587-CUTT 
Young Attitudes ....... 457-3334 
Years Ahead ........ " ..... .457-2930 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Tnm & Tan .............. ..... 455·0909 
Nails by Jennifer ......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH & FITNESS 
UCSD Blk.e Shop ......... 534 -4279 
Being Fit ...................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ........ 535-1379 
Trim & Tan ....... " ......... 455-0909 
Dr Ken Schlussel, DC. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard 6arsan, DDS . 459-5565 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSical Eye ................. 452-7374 
Eyes of La Jolla .............. 597-2020 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ...... " ........ 558-6666 

UCSD MUSIC & VIDEO 
Audiofile ...................... .459-FILE 
MUSIC Trader ... , ............ 693-1 469 
Video Gallery ..... ... .. ..... 452-1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSDTESnNG 
Hyperlearnlng ............... 455-1 000 
MCA T Review ............. .456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co, ... .452-BREW 
Old Columbia Brewery . 234-BREW 
Del Mar Stuft Pizza ...... 481 -STUFT 
Torrey's .... , ............ , ...... 587-1414 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
MD Labs ............... ........ 226-1733 
Klnkos ..... .................... 457-3775 
Name of lhe Game (Comoesl 272-GAME 
SI. Germain's ............. .. 455-1414 
Zebra Copy "" ... " .... "" .457-1007 

Thj> UC D GlIllnlilln Thllr.,da~. O,·t .. l ... r 8. 1992 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Wanted : Drummer and singer to start 
original alternative rock band. Male or 
female. Call Jason 622-1198, (9/28-1 01 
8) 

TUTOR WANTED. Must speak Englishl 
ChineselTaiwanese. Call alter 3 p.m. 
Ask for Lee. 481 -0111 . (1015-1018) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (forpersollaluse ollly), $3 forfaculty and STaff, and $4 for others. Payment ill 
advance is required: therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) orpresel7Ted in person. Deadlines are 3 p_m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. TIle Guardian resel1'es the right fo refuse 
allY advertising including hut 1I0/ limited to companiollSilip ads. For more information 
call534-5416.Mailingaddre. s: UCSDGuardian,A "n: Ciassijieds,9500Gilmall Drive, 
0316, Lalol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA. topf!OOl: 

Research study volunteers needed: 
Does asthma protect agains t 
artherosclerosis? $50 paid for blood 
samples/questionnaire. Requires 3 
hours on Mon. or Thurs. Call 534-3295 
for information. (10/5-10/8) 

VOLUNTEERI Improve the quality 01 
life for children at risk of abuse and 
neglect . Caring individuals needed for 
Home Start's Family Aide Program now. 
Contact Fiona Mackin-Jha, 692·0727. 
(10/8-10112) 

Come to our Mexican Fiesta, Monday, 
Oct 12. 7 p.m. at the Inlernational Cen-
ter featuring buffet dinner, mariachi 
band. pir'lata . musIc and dance and 
more. (10/5-1 Ol t 2) 

SKYDIVE TODAY! with Skydiving AD-
VENTURES.lnc, $20 student discount. 
800·526·9682. (t 0/5·1213) 

GREAT OPPORTUNITY! Make the 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE work for you. 
HIGH YIELDSI Call ChriS 1-800·800-
1314. (10/8) 

Which is greafer. Ihe federal deficit. 
Ross Perol's ego. or your outstanding 
student loan? Learn lhe answer at the 
DC Internship Forum, Friday , Oct . 16, 
3-4 :30, Career Services Center, (10/8) 

Shabbat Shalaml UJS Shabbat service 
and dinner Friday, 10/9, 6:30 p.m., In· 
ternalional Center (10/8) 

UJS Sukkah construction, decoration, 
BBO, Sunday. 10111 , 10:30 a.m., the 
Hump in front 01 Main Gym. (t 0/6) 

EMPLOYMENT 
LAW CLERK/SECRETARY - Good 
typing skills; detail oriented; flexible ; 
Kearny Mesa; $5.25/hour 560-8405. 
(9/21-10119) 

Child care needed M-F. Hours will vary, 
but gen. 2:30-5. (Wed. 12-4). $4 .50Ihr. 
Bird Rock AvelLa Jolla, Refs. + valid 
D.L. req 488·0987. (9

'
21 -10/8) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIPS, Most positions filled by Nov, 
Gain val. expo managing 6-8 employ· 
ees, customers, and suppliers. Avg . 
earnings 6·16,000+, Call "University 
Painting Pros, " Info/appl. Call 800·525-
5877 (912 1·1213) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT -
fISheries . Earn $6OO+/Week in canneries 
or $4,OOO+lmonth on fishing boalS. Free 
transportation! Room & board! Male or 
Female. For employmenl program call t -
206-545-4155 ext. A5976. (9121 -10119) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
posilions, Great benefits, Call (800) 338· 
3386. Ext. P·3387. (9/21-10/19) 

EARN $1,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circulars!. .. Begin NOWI. .. FREE 
packet! SEYS, Dept. 19. Box 400. 
Cordova, TN 38018-4000, (9/21-111 
2) 

EARN $500 or more weekly stuffing 
envelopes at home. Send long SASE 
10: Country Living Shoppers , Dept. J19. 
P.O. Box 1779. Denham Springs. LA 
70727-1779. (10/6) 

COMPUTER OPERATOR : Must know 
Pagemaker, Hand Scanner, Laser 
Pnnter. FI P time. ADVERTISING : 
Classified and Display Advertising, Must 
have good telephone voice and 
experience. CONTRIBUTING 
WRITERS for Local Politics. People, 
Sports. Entertainmenl. etc, WELCOME. 
The Sun Newspaper. Call Ray 454-
2777, 456-1631 . (10/8) 

Earn $500-$ t 000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. Fordelails- RUSH $1 with 
SASE to: GROUP FIVE. 57 Greentree 
Drive , Suite 307. Dover, DE 19901 . (101 
8-11119) 

In-home babysiller needed 3 days a 
week. Experience and 2 relerences 
required, Call 450-6715. (10/8) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairS per hour. 3788 Ellioll SI. Student 
discounts. 226-1962. (9121 -1213) 

Word ProcessinglTyping : Academic 
manuscripts. papers, theses. books. 
letters. Accurate/Fastservice. Mary Ann 
452-9439, (9121-10/19) 

GREEN CARD LOTTERY. 40,000 
available for final year. Apply now-l -
600-767-5906, Good success last year, 
(9/21-10/8) 

Speedy typist, resumes, reports, theses, 20 
yrs. elCp. Cal Sue 538-6191 , (9128-10/8) 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Sofl Len es 
B&L Son Spin B&.L 104 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Baby blue, hazel & 
P.r:lp<nn 02 emerald, green 

30 day follow up. 

• "ror ••• lon.1 S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llt)' E)'.c.r. 

10ff .. "PO'" IIMll • •••• on.b •• Prlc •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Claircmolll Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave . 

Grants, Loans. Scholarships. We can 
find financial aid for every student re-
gardless 01 grade point average or lam· 
ilV income, Guaranteed. Call toll free 1-
800·475-2288 ext t519. (9/21-10/29) 

VlOIirNlOIa lessons. You or your child(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, profes· 
sional teacher. Now accepting students 
- all ages and levels welcomel Call 
Conrad: 466-{)525. (9121-1213) 
QUAUTY BARBERKiI! La JoIa B<vber 
Shop. CluaIity Barber. HaW Cuts $8.00. 7760 
Faye Ave, SUte F. 45So5792. (9!Z1-1 Of26) 

ON-CAMPUS TUTOR fiving in Muir 
dorms 24 hour service for freshmen 
classes. Call 558-8728. (9128-11 /5) 

PIANO LESSONS from patient. experi-
enced. localleacher. Classical, popu-
lar, all levels welcome, Joan Kurland. 
457-8065, (9/28-10/22) 

ATTENTION I Unique opportunily 10 
learn Russian from a native Russian-
speaking teacher. Private lessons. 296-
5968. (10/1-10/12) 

GERMAN TUTORING ALL LEVELS. 
Attentive, diverse, fun! Ruf mal an : 436-
8214 pm/eve hours. (10/5-10/12) 

WORD PROCESSINGOESKTOP PUB-
LlSH lNG-papers. resumes. manJscr1Jts. 
et:. Laser pmting, Proofreadispelcheck. 
Rush seMoe & pick I..p'deIivery avaiabIe. 
From $2,page. Next day seMce on most 
order.;, SIaon 481 -7604. (10/5-1 0/8) 

SAVE ON AUTO INSURANCE. Staffl 
students . no obligation. Get free quote, 
530-0287, Mike, (1 0/8) 

ATTORNEY. DUI. Lardord-Tenant. Dis· 
criminalionlHarassment, Immigration or 
ConsumerProtAems? AFFORDABLESTtJ. 
DENT RATES. 450-6803. {I 018-11/9) 

FREE HAIRCUTS!!! Peopfe who are 
ready to change and update their look. 
Essence Salon. 453-9477. (10/8) 

FLlRTI50languages, Stamp gets sample 
sheet. Felslein, 4181 WiIionAve, #4, San 
Diego. CA 92104-2233~(1018) 

WANTED 
NEED CASH? WE DELNER! Domino's 
Pizza. thewortd's Icrgestpzzadeivelycom-
~. is NOW HIRING lor .. positions. 

MMagemenI~avaiabIe. Com-
plelerairing progam. H you are 18 years 
old. have a vaId <*iver's icense. auilmobiIe 
ilsoon:e, an excelent ciM1g record and 
access D a car. you can: earn up 10 $10 an 
hcu (tJtaI corIl» ; Ef10y fle freedom of 
being on fle road; Work fteltil Ileus; Be a 
part of fle excilemenl of fle wortd's fastest-
growing pzza delivery GIJrTllanY. Apply b-
dayl Domno's Pizza lX:SD. 3211 Holiday 
Ccut. 452-UCSO. Please cqAy after 11 
am. (9.'26-1 QI12) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS, trucks . boats. 4wheel-
ers , motorhomes. by FBI , IRS. DEA. 
Available your area now, Call 800-338-
3388 Ext. C-7556. (9/21-10/19) 

Real Estate For Sale - Judith Haddox. 
R ElM AX Associates - ask about only 
3% total down programs. Original wood-
lands. near UCSD - largest green 
belts , mature trees, 3BR. 2BA. 2CAR. 
allached garage, beaut ifully refur-
bished. big deck. patio , balcony . va-
cant. Seller help with linancing, ask 
$225K. 
Nice 2BR Mission Beach COllage, big 
lot. lots parking. Financing help/seller 
$247K. 
Quiel PI. Lama. Sharp 2BR house on 
7000 sq fl lot, hardwood floors. Ask 
$240K. Ready to deal. 275-26t8 any-
time, (9/21 -10/8) 

COMPUTERS. Select Irom nationaf 
database of used computers. All makes, 
more power, less $$$. 738-4980. (91 
21-10/8) 

Fulon + Frame $95, Unused full and 
queen matt set $75, Twin sel$65. Bunk-
bed complete $125. Sofa + love slill in 
the bag $250. Can deliver. 576-8244. 
(9/21 -10/15) 

Guitars , 2 acoustic steel strings. per-
fect condition. new strings. Still in box : 
566-7926. (9128·10/22) 

SUZUKI SCOOTER: Runs great. great 
mpg, come & test ride! $300/0bo 554-
0680 (Iv. message). (9/28-10/8) 

1986 Honda Elite 150, low miles.looksl 
runs good. $950I1>est, 490-1147, (10/1-
10/19) 

XR-7180 Sony pUll-out car stereo. 
Excellent cond ition: new one $400. 
Musl sell $215 firm. 695-1169. (10/1-
10/8) 

GO OFF ROADINGI '67 Ford Bronco II. 
Eddie Bauer edition. 4WD. Steal with 
$7,300. 529-3 161 . (10/1-10/12) 

'85 Peugeot Roadbike, blue. good con-
dition. New cables. bottle . cage and 
pump included. $70 558-1 536. (1 0/1 -
10/8) 

6'6" SURFBOARD & woman's large 
wetsuit. Good condition. $100 for bothl 
bo , 558-2023. (10/1-10/8) 

Computer: 386DX-25mhz, 4 Meg RAM. 
60M HD. SVGA. modem. Windows 3, I , 
various apps. $950, 272·2729. (10/1-
10/8) 

Westbury electric guitar & case $50. 
Small refrigerator $85. Yamaha trum-
pet $175. Proton stereo amplifier. 272-
2729. (10/1-1018) 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventatil'e , and Cosmetic ervices 

RclAx<~fri< • .u-, .'m01phar . MONIK, ADA, CDA, SIXDS 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PI.OFESSIONAL CENTER. 
8950 VILLA LA JOLLA 01., SUITE 2103 

558·3490 
Em,if18/ & s"IU""_, 

App.iNfJllrnrs A ,.""ble TIp FIll', JUSI b,hiN' rbt IltplMIII Bn, 

Thllrsda~· . October 8, 19CJ2 

IBM XT·Turlbo. lull system, including 
loaded Hard Drive. monilor. keyboard 
and printer. $395. 481 -6411 . (10'5-10 
15) 

Full size mattress set With Irame -
Ortho Beauty Rest - new condi tion. 
$150 Stephanie 453·5436 . (1 0/5-10 
8) 

PINARELLO TREVISO - ALL DURA-
ACE, 59 cm. extra wheels , computer, 
must seel $90010bo. 558·9365. (1015-
10119) 

'60 FORD MUSTANG, white. AlC. runs 
well, $2,000 obo. 551-0113. (1015-10 
12) 

Two bikes lor sale. $30 each. Good 
transportahon, Leave message for Jack-
son at 552-8890. (1 0'5-10/8) 

STEREO RECEIVER - 80-Watt JVC. 
great sound. in box. like new. $250 obo 
CD PLAYER - Single disc JVC. xlnt 
cond" remote compatible, $90 obo; both 
wfinstructlons. Call Scott 566-4420, (10 
5-10/8 ) 

BMW, 325E , 1985, fully loaded. 5-
speed, w/sunroof. car phone. 88.000 
miles excellent condition. best oHer. 
453-1255. (1 015·10/15) 

Are you planning to buy or sell a car? I 
can help you avoid the hassle and frus-
tration , Save your time and money. Can 
Marc for a free consultation. 558-2575 
(10/5-10/22) 

TWO MOTORCYCLES FOR SALE: '82 
Yamaha Virago 920 - Looks great. 
ru ns even better $1150. '78 Honda 
Hawk - immaculate. a customized 
collectible bike for only $1 050. Call and 
make offer. Parking permits are a third 
of the cost and parking spaces right 
next to your classrooms. Todd 598-
0579 , (10/5-10/12) 

Tired of running down to the store for 
stuff? Have lood and drinks at instant 
reach. Small fridge with freezer. Per-
fect for dorms. $120-negol. Michel 450-
6808. (1 0/5-10/8) 

Waterbed, queen·size. excellent con· 
dition. Includes 6-drawers . book shelf , 
heater. mattress, etc, $350 obo, 558 · 
0694. (10/5-1 0/8) 

GRAPHING CALCULATOR. TI-80 and 
instruction book. Perfect for Schenk's 
2Aclass , $50, Call OJ 625-0776. (10/5· 
10/8) 

Guitars, 2 acoustic steel strings , per-
fect condition, New strings. Still in 
box . $75 and $100 . 586-7928. (10/5-
10/22) 

'81 Peugeot diesel sedan, slideroof, 38 
miles gallon, great condition, Best offer 
459-'497. (10/8-10/15) 

Mountain bike - Brand new. Good 
baSIC transportation $150 obo call 558· 
2385. ask for Alvin . (10/8·10112) 

STUFF lor sale! Queen·size futon wlo 
frame 565; Deluxe dresser wldrawers 
$50. 4 ' high bookshelf $25; Desk w 
very comfortable chair $100. Every-
thing 6· t2 mo. otd. 558·9290 . (1018) 

Spo r:s lovers : DonJoy functiona l 
knee ::I'ace , 4PT ACL Super Sport , 
ngh t medium. $150 obo. 792-4524. 
(108 

SM IT'-I CORONA word processor, 
XL • condillon, large screen, all sup-
plies Included. $200 obo 558·1526, (10 
8·10 15) 

1984 VESPA P200E Moped, $600 obo. 
Call ed Baumer 459-7164. (10/8·10 
12) 

Bennotto Light Weight 10 speed road 
bike, small frame - ridden twice $85. 
546·1 092. (10/8) 

Mountain bike. Bridgestone MB2 23" 
Campus bikeshop said "ask $300." first 
$250 takes it. 455-9678. (10/8·10/12) 

Sailboard. HIFLYCS500, 12'bayboard. 
compfetely rigged. $2500bo. 455-9678. 
(10/6· t 0/12) 

2stereo speakers. liquid cooled , 125W. 
walnut finish. brand new, $300. Call 
459-8625 . (10/8-10/15) 

BED !! Mattress. box spring and frame. 
Size: lull. $30. Condition: fair, Call 558-
1821. (10/8) 

PRIN TER-IBM compatible . C·ITOH 
wide-carriage. leller quality. dot matrix. 
$65 obo. Cathy. 622-9669. (10/8-101 
19) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: Prescription glasses in case at 
the Guardian office, Probably female. 
534-3466. (10/8-1 0/12) 

HOUSING 
LOOI( NO FURTHER. Room available 
in spacious La Jolla Vista Townhouses 
(1700 sq . fl.). less than 1 mile from 
UCSD, washer/dryer. fireplace. pool. 
plenty of offstreet parking. Nonsmok-
ers please , $420/month plus 1/4 utili-
ties . Please call John at 457-9821 , (91 
21-10/8) 

Til{' C D Guardian 

Roommate wanted : Own bedroom & 
bath. Security bldg , underground park-
ing. washldry in apt., pool, Jacuzzi, large 
weight room. racquetball court. Call Tom 
at 457-8123. $370/month or leave mes-
sage, (tO/ l-1 0'29) 

Female roommate needed to share 
master BR. All amenities. secure com· 
plex. $225. Call 625·0916. Mana. (10 
5-10/8) 

One female wanted to share large mas -
ter BR. Walking dlslance to campus. 
Call 450-9596. (10 5·10'15) 

ROOMMATES WANTED: 2 persons to 
share BR In 2BR, 2BA aot In Paclfl : 
Beach. Move In: 11 ' 1 '92. $250 mo. 
each 1 block from beach. Leave meso 
sage : 272-9150. (1018-10'12) 

STUDIO. La Jolla Shores. ocean view 
deck, nicely furnished, cooking, bath· 
tub JaCUZZI, bus, $625, 459-6459. (10 
8) 

For rent. ocean VIew, qUiet. great location, 
large yard, share with female. $240 per 
month. 755-5146. (1018-tO/12) 

Male roommate wanted $300 a month + 1, 
3 utilities. Own room above MissIOn Bay. 
Randy, 275-4289. (to'8·10119) 

Clairemon!. 4BR 2.5BA 2RM avail. 1/4 
utilities. $31 0 mo. Backyard , wash/dry. 
Denise, 274-0652. (10 '8) 

La Jolla : Ocean view , quiet , 
busline, large yard , close to cam-
pus , Female $225/month 755-5146 . 
(10 /8 ) 

Walk to campus I Own room, share bath in 
condo with UCSD family across from 
Mandel Weiss Theater. Pool , tennis.taun-
dry. $35Q1mo. Includes utilities , Available 
1211/92.455-9678. (10/8-10119) 

PERSONALS 
Up to 60% off! Smilh Corona word 
processors, typewriters. printers , Irom 
$89. Fred 582-0811. (10/5-10/12) 

Guitarist wanted lor hard alternative 
band. lnfiuences : Danzig, early U2, and 
Warrior Soul. W e have both live and 
studio experience. Call Jason 456-1804. 
(10/5-1018) 

MONEY FOR COLLEGE. Every slu-
dent is eligible for financial aid . G UAR-
ANTE ED to find at leaslseven sources. 
(6 19) 675·0807 lor free application . (1 01 
5- tO/12) 

GREEKS - Did you miss the Greek 
columns? Check out page 9! (1 0/8) 

'-- L- ___ L- • c.-- ~. 

I III IL;/ 
"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 

Our Fall 1992 Schedule 
AMES 105A 
Chem6A 
OChem 140A (Cesario) 
OChem 140A (Fahey) 
Math1A 
Physics lA (Lumpkin) 
Physics lA (Smith) 

HL Lecture Notes 

Don '1 be IZ St,mface! 

Tue 6:30-B:30pm and Sun 6-8pm 
Tue 6-8pm and Thor 6-8pm 
Sun 6-8pm and Thur 6-8pm 
Sun B-I0pm and Thur 8-10pm 
Tue B-I0pm and Thur 8-10pm 
Mon 6-8pm and Wed 6-Bpm 
Mon 8-10pm and Wed 8-lOpm 

O-Chem 140C, Dr, Bond 

Location: We're located in Suites 1131 and 1132 of the La Jolla Village Pro-
fessional Center, across the street from campus, behind the Elephant Bar and 
El Torito Restaurants. Only 24 spaces are available per session. Any UCSD 
student may attend a free session to evaluate our program, and your satisfaction 
is guaranteed, 
Fees: Our tuition is still only $150 per class, Qualified financial aid students may 
enroll for $125 per class, Questions? Call us at 455-1000, from Bam to midnight. 

Important: To maintain a rapid tutorial pace, 
we will not accept enrollments after the 5th 
week (Oct, 30th). Only 22 days left to enroll! 

-3"v 
, .--

.- ~~~ J,~ 
. " 

~-v<. ;::--r I' .\ 
~ \'l 

, ~-"-u _ . 1':' 
"'!l'P~. 

.s..,.-:7. 

CLA SS IFIED 13 

AUTO PORT MALL MIRAMAR 

TOM's Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \AN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

200/0 DISCOUNT 
MUlt present coupon and vohd U::S::J ID 01 lima 01 estimate 

Not valid wllh majOr engine :Jr f/onsmlsSIOn rep::lIF. 
Wilh IhIS ad • ('OIlOS 10

'
22/9:> 

i [450:9494 [ B~~ 
l uI OMJ"" U.f("t 

IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR AUDIS, 
ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN' 

DISCOVERED US YET , ASK US FOR REFERENCES, 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NExr DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

L-----~--~-tt-----~ 

Hungry for Chinese Food? 

~.SUM CJ/;:-
<\) \ ~ ~ tJ ,~, <:<' 

SI('IIIIIl'1I or./ikcl ,." .(' il/duded ' .lIlICl'.' 

LUNCH DINNER 
.'II.'I7t,cI IIIIIII-:! .W P. III .)£'17'<''' :!.w /JIII-<) /1111 
L.l Barbecued Pork 0.1 Peking Shrimp' 
L.2 Roast Chicken 0.2 Cashew Chicken 
L.3 Sesame Chicken 0 .3 Beef w/Vegetable 
L.4 Kung Pao Chicken' 0 ,4 Chicken Lo Mem 
L.5 Sweet & Sour Pork 0,5 Plum Tree Beef 
L.6 Beef Broccoli 0.6 General Toa's Chl:ke~' 
L.7 Pepper Beef 0 .7 Soyu Chicken 
L.S Vegetable Fcas~ D,S SNee7 &: 5o.j· :!1ICKen 0" ?ort 
L.9 Chicken Lo Meln 0,9 BBO Pork or RibS 

L.10 Ch,,!'s Daily $ 29- 0.10 Che~' s Dail\ $395 Specla ) SpeCial 

, . 

Behind UTC in the 
RENAISSANCE CENTER 
8935 Towne Centre Drive Taste tbe Best! 

"We Cook Wit/) a TOlle/) ~r flea,.t" cn1/ 535-1668 

-
... 



Ttw UCSD Guardian Thursday. October 8, 1992 

Tritons on the Edge 
DO OR DE: Cal Lutreran game 
a must-win for men's soxer 

ahead to Friday afternoon's 
big match against Division m 
rival Cal Lutheran at NCR 
field By Murall Moorthy 

Guardian Reporter This i the ame Cal 
The situation is cut aOO dry forthe men's soccer 

team: either win its remaining seven games, or 
forget about any playoff action and SlaIt thinking 
about next year. For now, the Tritons just look 

Lutheran tearn thal the Tri-
tonsbeal in the playoff on their way to their second 
Divi ' ion ill soccer title last year. This time. insIead 
of a championship on the line. it's a mauer of 

c.are hQir~~~ 
Come 

Back To 
School 
With 

'-are hair 

~AV~f 'sfg95I SAVE~i$g~~:p~ 
I Wet I PERM SPECIAL 1 on any 1-01. BACK TO SCHOOL 
I Care I Inclodesst.mpoo& 1 or larger I~! =;wI&- I 
I Cut I COI'(fllOnO< Pros"" 1 JoIII Alnico 10: bO .oIJo11nAmoto~ I klngI< hoof & "*""" ProdIc:t 8ota'>caI Shampoo 
I HoI ..." ... any _ 1 WI.". be i>9I* OtIti 1 Oller good w.coupon 1 HoI , •• ,..h any _ I 

"'''' o,,"~ hi! good .. ." coupon cjIeB O" ,,,,,ono, No L~~~ L -~'~~.J ~~~~~_~_'*:.."Y..J 
COSTA V ERDE C ENTER, 8750 Genesee 587-CUlT (behind Soup Exchange) 

Kirby's has 
Wednesday thru Sunday Evenings 7-9:30 

Thursdays are 
lJCSO R&8 NIGHTS 

with Dave & Tony, . 

I 

( f 12 Gauge PersuasIOn) members 0 
All 0w~~~~1JS .. ~~ERS $1 00 

7 -10 pm 'Thursday NIght on Y 

also, the healthiest food in Del Mar! 
215 Fifteenth Street in Del Mar 
481-1001 

survival. 
"We're on the edge of the cliff; maybe even 

looking over it." Head Coach Derek An1Islrong 
said. "Maybe even falling off." 

They face a big team in the Kingsmen. who 
have added three European playm; 10 the squad in 
the last few years to pwnp up their soccer program. 

And with injuries piling up. the Trilons face an 
uphill climb. "We have four or five guys hurting," 
said senior Brian Bradbury. who is playing wilh a 
sore bock. 

But UCSDdoes haveone very imj>Ol'Wlt intan-
gible on their side: momentum. Showing strong 
play at last weekend ' Grand Canyon College 
Tournament. the team might have fmally settled 
into a groove. 

Despite losing the f 1I'St game 2'{) to Grand 
Canyon College. the third-r.mlced leam in Division 
n, on SaiUTday. Armstrong considered it one of the 
team' best games of the season. "[The loss) causes 
a problem. but [ was pleased with the performance. 
We've found our line up," Armstrong explair.ed 
"We know where we are. Ifl remember correctly, 

it took about the same tiTTle last year." 
Jam:( Stev~'s comer kick won UCSD' 

garr.eagainst MetroSlale Sunday, as the midflelder 
scored the Of1Jy goal of the contest. 

The Tritons upped their record to 64-1 with-
ru using two SlaItm; - Man Chilton. who was 
ejected with a red card against Grand Canyon. and 
Mike Yen. who sat OUI with a hip pointer. Strong 
play from the bench was encourJging as well. 
considering thaL lock of depIh has been a weakness. 

On Friday, Armstrong will push for more 
offense with the team averaging barely a goal per 
game. "We need more offense (sol Jarrel 
IStevenson] needs 10 be up front." By moving Yen 
10 weeper. and urilizing Brian Sonnichsen along 
with freshman Ken Bums to hold up the Kingsmen 
center forwards, the coach hopes to keep the 
pressure off goalie Mike Madden. 

A win could propel either team into the second 
California playoff spot behind Oaremonl "It·s a 
playoff-type itualion," A1mstrong pointed out. 
"We' re not going to give up until it's done." One 
loss. however, and it is done. 

Dan McDoweIi/ Guan1I/IIl 
SeraIo Salvador hopes to lead UCSD to a win over Cal Lutheran on FrIday aftemoon. 

Yes, 
We 
Can 

Helpl 

• Fast • Local • ASAP Lender 
Frl~t , friend ly help is our b..L iness! If yoo need pecial help, we aren't 
a vague voice in New York or Sacramento. We're here and we help. 

FREE CREDIT UNION MEMBERSHIP! 
We waive your memocrshlp fee and yoo enjoy outstanding fmancial 

services from any of 22 countywide branch locations. 
Call u.., for more info about 

Stafford, SLS, or PLUS 

or ask your Financial AiJ IXpattment 

L~ 
Mi$ioo Federal Credl Union 

S(IMNG T~ EruCATlONAlIDMMUNf1Y~ 

MrS>I'~1 F"k,..1 "a $550 m,II",,, c",J,l unlor. "h,ch tw ... 1Va! th< a!ucal", ... 1 COOl""'""1' of San I).<g<>County (Of 
f'l"k)(t t1\10 1(1 )~~HS. R.u~ . lMll-. ((nJlhOf'l~ ~u,,-t .!if'1V1(t:; SUbJKllO thanV. All btN subJKI to C~II at'1"fl.J\13L 

9/91 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

T hursday, October 8, 199'2 T he UCSD G U Brll ill 1l 

In The Bleachers by Steve Moore w. SOCCER 

10- "I 

" 

OK, liSTEN UP. lARVJ' 
holD DlV.lY, 'IOU 1'1J> 
S1REAK RlR 1\IE ExilS. 
l'LL T4KE 1PE BALL AKD 
BooTli& INTO THE:. 
lLX.kER 1b::M. 1lE ~T 
or'rOU JUST 5CATfElI-
t6 BE.~T Ydl CAN ... 

ContInued from page 16 
In a repeat of~ year's thriller. the 

Trilons fared the rying goal with under a 
mioote left 10 play. 

Dulock booIed a comer kick from 
lhe left, across Ihe goal to Diana 
Muchowski, who headed the ball into 
the right corner for the score. 

Though both terum moved lhe ball 
during overtime, neitheronecould break 
through. 

"I was very impressed with the way 
we played the last 15 minules of regula-
tionandthc overtime period" McManus 
said ''They're another one of those 
physical teams, and I think that we' re 
jUSl too dam nice of a learn." 

The Tritons have received only two 
yellow canl.~ this year. By contrast. last 
week' opponent Cal Slate Dominguez 
Hills has picked up 14 yellow cards. 
while San Bernardino has 12. "I'm not 

See W. SOCCER, Page 11 

SYRACUSE 
ABROAD 

f 

The Division of Internationol Programs Abroad offers academic programs in 
Australia, Czechoslovakia, England, France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, 

Poland, and Spain 
for a semester, a year, or a summer of study abroad. 

for more information, please contact 
Syracuse University Division of International Programs Abroad 

119 Euclid Avenue, Syracuse, NY 1324441 70 - 1.800235J472 

-----------------------------------SEND TODAY FOR OUR CATALOG I 
Name __________________________________________ __ 

Address ________________________________________ _ 

Cily _____________________ State ________ Zip __ 
Phone __________________________________________ __ 

School __________________________________________ _ 

SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY'DIVISION OF INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS ABROAD 

I 
I 

SPOilT 15 

Do you suffer from 
ASTHMA? 
• Volunteers needed for clinical drug stud ies 

• All testing and medications are free 
• Qualified participants will be paid up to 

$500 for part icipation 
Call 436-3988 

(ask for Dianna or Janet) 
Warren W. Ple.kow, M.D. 

Asthma and Allergy Treatment 
and Research Associates 

CSO ESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Sale, DOll', Walk Alone! 

WE ASKED 1 DD UCSD STUDENTS 
'Would You Rather Go To 

A SPEEOYCoon Wash 
or a Non· Speedy Coon Wash?' 

1000/. AGREED 

SPEEDY 
COIN WASH 

The ·Sun" is. a!ways Trima Tan 2TA"NS$:[ 
' FlrS( II!TIC c~enls only ",uh IhlS coupon 

Lose 6" Guaranteed 
European Body Wrap-only $48 

Not a temporary water loss · Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

---------------

3YANS FOR$15 
With coupon only up/,es llJlW2. 

I 119 Euclid A venue, Syracuse, New Yark 13244..4 170 1·80()'235·3472 eM L ___________________________________ ~ 

.., MM ,.,,_1,... eat. •• 
IWMM~ ItoaIMtI 

.c.-......, 
1..,IIC.-olal 
... DIeto, CA 91130 

793-7755 
ap.n ... -..,.,.,. 

PRODUCE 
0rgIn1c TomItoa 69( lb. 
Organic Broccoli 49C lb. 
0rgIn1c LcttucC-ftClIuf, 
gran Iat, fOIIIIlnc 49C ... 

Garden of Eatln' 
Orpnlc 81ue Com Chips 
10 oz .• Regular 1.95 • S.1c 1.49 

r o;g~k ';~ado'. 
I Sandwich 
• R~su"'r 2 .10 • Sale 1.50. 

with this coupon • I limit 1 per customer 

Edcnsov Organic 
Soy Milk 

1 liter 
R~gular 1.65 

Sale 1.t9 
All Flavors 

Bulk Organic 
Short-Graln Brown Rice 

Rlcc Drum 
Bever. 
32 oz. 
Regular 1.99 • Sal~ 1.49 
All f lavors 

r. Hdnke';-07g;;'i; '. 
Apple Juice 

• 1 9"lIon • 
• Regul"r 6 .6 4 • Sale 3.79 • 
• $2.99 • with this coupon I limit 1 per customer, expo 10/18/92 • JfIIDQLnAl'UALYI L _______ ~ L exp. 10118f92 G . 

-----_ .. 

Joshua, age 3 V9 

CookIng 
Organic Gardening 

., Recycling 
PlaYing at the Beach 
~:;:::{'ii'l<': Swimming 

Joshua recycles his Juice bottles, 
uses environmentally fnendly prod-
ucts, and eats organically grown 
natural foods from Jimbo's When he 
and hIS mom are too busy to cook, 
they pick out some fresh-made del 1-
cacles from Jlmbo's Dell to take 
home. 

Now In our 9th year tn North Park
" 

3918 30th Street· San Diego, CA 92104' 6191294·8055' Open 9- 8, M- S; 10-6, Sun. . ... , I.' , 

I 
I 

• 



I' 

" 

16 SPORTS 

AJ{f 

HIm 
The Choker's 
Dictionary 

Is there a doctor in !he house? 
Please help the Blue Jays and the 
Pirates. BoIh teams are in desperate 
need of the Heimlich manuever, There 
are several igns of choldng. Make 
ure you learn how to properly apply 

the Heimlich manuever. because you 
never know when you'll run into Cito 
Ga~on or Jim Leyland Y 00. too. 
could save a life. 

If you I ked up choke in the 
dictionary. you would see several 
glorious moments in recent ports 
hiSlOlj'. Here are some of my favorites: 

Definiton #1: The Cubs. 1984 
ational League OIampionship Series. 

Leading the Padres twO games to none 
in the best of five series, the Cubs 
needed to win one game to go to the 
World Series for the f IJ'SI time in 39 
years. Predictably, the Cubs took the 
pipe, dropping three straight to San 
Diego. 

Definition #2: The 1987 Cbargers. 
Boiting 10 an 8-1 record, the Cbargers 
needed only one win in the f I1\aI ix 
weeks to gain their fin,( play ff berth 
in five y~, Yep. the Lightning Bolts 
managed 10 lose their IMt six games 
and miss the playoffs again 1lley 
haven't been in contention ince. 

Definition #3: The Blue Jays, 1985 
American Le.1gue Champion.!>hip 
Series. Toronto, leading Kansas City 
three ganleS 10 one. are one victOlj' 
away from the World Series. Rallying 
behind slugger Buddy Biancalana the 
Royals win the final three games. 
Since '85. the Jays have come-from-
ahead to lose in '87, '89, and '91. 

Other nOloriou chokers of the past 
decade include Florida Slate. Andre 
Agassi and Greg Norman. It takes a 
cenain amOlmt of ski ll to snat h defeat 
from the jaw, of victory. Ask Lasorda 
about Jack Clark. Only brilliant 
managing by Lasorda could keep the 
Dodgers from beating S1. Louis in . 5. 

Left·handed pitchen; who throw 
junk and are "ery old arc defined as 
"crafty:' The next time Charlie 
LiebrJlldt pitches, listen very carefully, 
The ann uncers will say "in comes the 
crafty Liebmndt." Crafty is very lose 
to "crappy." So are crafty pitchers. One 
59 mph hanging curve ball too many, 
and they're selling insumnce. 

As long as Lonnie Smith isn't 
allowed anywhere near the basepaths, 
the Braves are in good shape. Besides, 
when playoff time rolls aroWld. Barry 
Bonds becomes Carmelo Mrutinez and 
Andy Van Slyke becomes Mike 
Marshall. And isn't it a bad omen to 
have a pitcher named Walk? 

During the regular season, MarIe 
Lemke exemplifies the word "journey-
man." He hits .230, has no range. no 
speed and no power. So why does he 
become the "Mr. October" of the 90's 
during the ~-rseason. and playen; Like 
Bonds can't buy a hit? That 's a 
my tcry that ranks right up there with 
the Kennedy assassination. In the 
immonal words of Joe Pesci: "It' a 
riddle. wrapped in a mystery, inside an 
enigma." Or something Like thal 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Octobt-r 8,1992 

Oan McDowell! GUWlian 
Katy DuIoek ran away from the defense on Monday to score a goal against Irvine, before picking up an assist yesterday at San Bernardino. 

WOMEN'S SOCCSt One win and 
one tie so far in a tough week 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

Maybe there is such a thing as 
t much soccer. After travel-
ling to the Los Angeles area for 
two games already this week, 
the Tritons tum right arotmd to 
face what may be their most 

imponant ganlC of the season on Friday. 
Monday found the Tritons in Irvine to face Divi-

ion J UC Irvine. 'That's always a tight game for us, 
and they gave us a hard time again:' McManus said. 
It was tight on the field, but nOl on the scoreboard as 
UCSD ran away with a 2-D victOlj'. 

The Tritons scored in the first halfotT a corner kick 
when Jodie Robenson was able to put the ball in after 
teammate Heather Sears bounced the ball across the 
goal, 

UCSD struck again in the second half when 
freshman Carin Pugh sped through the Irvine defense 
for the Tritons second and fmal goal. 

Despite thescore. McManus felt lucky to get away 
without being scored on in the second half. "[UC 
Irvine] had 70 percent of the offense in the second 
half," the coach said. 

Y eslerday the leam travelled to face Division U 
CalStareSanBemardino.anditwasaroughvi il The 
CoyOles have never beaten UCSD. and were itching 
to end that streak Wednesday. 

San Bernardino jumped out to a 2-D lead four 
minutes into the second half, despite solid Triton 
defense, "We only made a couple of mistakes on 
defense, but on both of those they scored," the coach 
said. 

Dan McDoweli/ Guatdian 
Daphne Famum and UCSD face a tou&h ,.".. 

But UCSD turned up its intensity and responded 
with two goals in the second half, the second one 
coming with only 30 second'i \eft in regulation. 

Katy Dulock started thing off for the Tritons 
when she took a 

=~;w: I 11Iei 5coIiii I Coyote sweeper. 
~ San Bemar- "i-nl:lfJO+~ 
dlllo goalk~per 
came out to chal-
lenge Dulock. and the Triton went around to score. 

UCSD kept up the offensive pressw-e, forcing the 
Coyote goalkeeper to make II saves on the day. 

See W. SOCCER, Page 15 

The Week Ahead 

TIe-Dye Tune 
By Julie Shennan 
Staff Writer 

Anenlion Deadheads, volleyball fans or 
both ... coming Saturday night at 7 p.m. to the 
UCSD Main Gym near you ... it's UCSD 
women's volleyball's third annual Tie-Dye 
night! 

Already recognized nationally for this "tra-
dition," the Tritons will once again don their 
blue and gold tie-dyed jerseys for Sarurday's 
horne game against the Roadrunners of Cal 
State Bakersfield. 

Three y~ago.former All-American player 
Elizabeth Tan' brother made the leam jerseys, 
They wore them in their NCAA championship 
game and received national exposure. The rest 
just evolved from there, 

Head Coach Doug Dannevik was a dead-
head himself. And jUSllike that, a tradition was 
born. 

And so emerged this night of '60s and '7~ 
nostalgia. once again making its amual appear-
ance at UCSD to the delight of the raucous 
home crowd 

The Main Gym will be transfonned into a 
son of I 960'shall of tie dye, nostalgia. etc., with 
entertainment being provided by an acoustic 
guitarist who will play Grateful Dead music 
between games. 

"It's a real fun night foreveryone." Dannevik 
said. "We hope poople will show up in their tie-
dye srufJ also and get into the spirit ." Il' s great." 

Jerry Garcia. loot OUl 

The Headline Matchup: Men's and women's soccer doubleheader VI. cal Lutheran, Friday, 1:30 at North Campus Rae. Cal Lutheran Is the 
biggest DIvIsIon III obstacle left for both te.ns this season. 
Other games: Men's water polo at UC Irvine today, and vs. Loyola Marymount, Friday, 7:00 at Canyonview Pool. Women's vol\eyball at Westmont, Friday and vs. Cal State Bakersfteld, Saturday, 
7:00 at the Main Gym. 

UCSD GUARDIAN 

World Beat 
CULTURAL MUSIC 
RESONATES WITH 

HEART 
By Leng Loh 
Semor Staff Writer 

A poSSible 
way to discover 
o ther cultures 
without spending 
a lot of money on 
plane tickets and 
accommodations 
is the University 
Events Varieties 
WorldMu ic 
concen series. 
For about the 
price of a CD. you can be transponed across the world 
into the rhythms and sounds of diverse cultures - no 
travel agency or passport is required. 

In fact. no previous knowledge of the musical tradi-
tions is required. University Events provides its patrons 
with informative programs written by ethnomusicologists 
who guide the listener through the background of the 
performers' cultural traditions. Or, you can just sit back 
and enjoy - not thinking, just experiencing, finding the 
meaning of the performance through your own percep-
tions. 

UCSD's World Music Professor Mamie Dilling, who 
works with University Events to plan each year's events, 
believes that the concens reach her students in ways that 
go beyond mere cultural curiosity. 

Refening to last Sunday's Ondekoza Japanese 
drumming performance (see related concert review on 
this page), Dilling said, "Students are rather impressed by 
these groups. I think it's the effect of seeing people near 
their own age who have found a kind of spiritual path 
that's an art form which has been integrated with their 
whole lives. It seems to really resonate, to strike some 
bells, among our own college students," 

Dilling, an ethnomusicologist who specializes in 
Korean drumming, teaches a lower-division World Music 
13 course and will also be offering an upper-division 
course on ethnomusicological field work next quarter. 

Throughout the year, University Event offers concerts 
from a varieL¥ of cultural traditions. A number of the 
performances are a pan of national touring troupes put 
together by groups such as the National Council of 
Traditional Arts, the California Arts Councilor the 
National Endowment for the MS. ll1e shows often have a 
host/narrator. a detailed and informative program and a 
group of talented perfonners organized around a central 
theme - such as last year's excellent Masters of the Steel 
String GUllar- 0 the audience can expenence a wide 
-ange ot' the musical genre. 

.. n interesting feature of these concerts." Dilling aid. 
"is that there are people playing together who have never 
worked together before. and the dynamics that develop 
between them often affects the show a great deal. 
Ple_ See BEAT. Page 117 

• ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • OCTOBER 8, 1992 

Jason RhchteiGuatdian 
An Onclekoza drummer strikes again. 

Demon DI-tlnuners 
JAPAN'S MISCHIEVOUS TRADITONAL ART 

By LeneLoh 
Senior Staff Writer 

Pounding rhythms, detailed dances. theatrical 
scenes. energetic performers - these are just a few 
of the phrases thaI come to mind. but perhaps there 
really are no words to describe the performance of 
Ondekoza, Japan' s marathon-running, demon-
drumming troupe. 

Or perhap it's best to say - in a rather Zen 
manner - that they play in the realm of "No 
Words," Literally, Not a word was spoken during the 
ensemble's two-and-a-half hour performance In the 
MandeVille Auditorium. Instead. the troupe commu-
nicated cross-culturally through their rhythms. 
melodies and movements. 

Playing on a WIde variety of drums. flutes and 
stringed instruments. the II mUSicians presented 
pieces lhat spanned a wide spectrum of emotions 
from stately to angry, from silly to deeply moving 
and from longing to joy. 

You didn' t need a degree tn Japanese Studies to 
understand the message of these rhythms, or to enJoy 
the humorous 'Plrit of the perfonnance. 

With a mischievousness and a sense ot the absurd. 

the performers showed that the traditional ans need 
not be staid. 

At various points in the show, the performers 
jumped out from behind their drums with pop guns 
and other noisemakers, like little boys leaping out 
to scare their aunts and uncles. 

One drummer was distracted from his rhythms 
by an imaginary fly. which he swatted at with his 
~ticks. Another tried repeatedly to hit his 
neighbor's drum. despite - or in spite of - his 
friend's attempts to pull away. The performers 
constantly challenged the audience' S .:oncepuons 
of formal performance. 

The sounds of the show were famIliar. though 
the culturJI context may have \eemed foreign. TIle 
rhythms of the drums occasIonally ,; unded like 
horses galloping, or the clacking of J train. The 

igmfied booming of the taiko drums are remmis-
cent of the sound of thunder. 

It doesn't take too much imaginallon to real ize 
that Ihe Japanese three-~trtngeu sl/anl/sell instru-
ment resembles a banjo. A.nu. indeed. the mu I-
\. Ian~ played up to this simllanty. 
Ple8!le See DRUMMERS. PD#e 118 

COICRfTE BLONDE INTERVIEW H2 STfPHEN fREHRS· fiLM HERO REYlfWED 86 

'. 



2 H lATU 

CONCERT PREVIEW 
Concrete Blonde: 
Band Takes a Hard 
Look at Social Strife 
By Jeff NIese! 
Hiatus Wflter 

After lhe Los Angeles riOls occurred last pring. 
music crilics drew attenlion 10 the facllMI many oflhe 
ten.,ions being played OUI had been visible in the lyric 
of rJp mu~ic for i>Ome time. But it isn't just rappe~ who 
have been singing about inner-city strife. The rock 
group Concrele Blonde. which plays al the Pnce Center 
Ballroom Tuesday night. has been singing about urban 
violence for years. 

In .. ong~ like "God is a Bullet"' and "City Scream-
ing." g,mg warfare is graphically depicted. During a 
recent phone interview, gui tari st Jim Mankey explained 
thaI , becau,e band members live !.o close to unstable 
area., in L.A., their mu\ic 'lddre!.ses i!>!lues that plague 
lOner cilie~ . 

"All three of u~ live within four block~ of each other 
ncar un!>et Boulevard, and lhere's n t a night that goe 
by when you don't hear gunfire. When the riots 
happened the action was right there," Mankey aid. 

" I wa.~ just reading some sc ience fiction book in 
which pall of the story was that ,my ocial change was 
preceded in JX'pular mu~ic by at least twO to three 
year..," he continued . "Ani~ts. if not noticing thaI stuff 

fi~t. are certainly expre~sing it fir.>t. 
"Anybody with half a brain cou ld have ~en this Ithe 

no"l coming. The only people not trying to see are 
thm.e with inveMed interest~ . Rebui lding is n t going to 
.,olve the fundamenlal problem ofpeople's attitude 
toward each other, and bu~ine~s' attitudes towards 
people and the government' altitudes toward taxpay-
ers." 

Mankey ~id he didn't think the ClintOn/Gore 
presidential ticket. despite its promise of change. was 
really going to live up 10 its credo. Early in the polilical 
race, Ihe group played a benefil for Jeny Brown, and 
Mankey ~id he thought Brown was the one hope for 
change. 

"By playing the benefit, we were just trying to do 
our bit. Given Ihe mess thallhe country is in, as far as I 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, October 8. 1992 

Led by singer Johnette Napolitano, the LA.-based band Concrete Blonde plays hard-hlttinc rock music. 
could see al the lime, Brown was the only altemative," Mankey 

~aid. 
"I'm nOI really di appointed that he is nOI running, because 

the fact thaI he made a stctement is Ihe important thing. r don't 
think the eounlry is really ready for someone who i~ going 10 
tell them the truth ." 

Although Mankey freely talked aboul polilical issues, the 
band is nOI one which hit you over the head with obvious 
political statement. In fact, lead singer Johnelte Napolitano 
~ing more about personal experience than political one . 

There are several songs on the band's latesl album, Walkillg 
ill Lolldoll, which recounl the pain of romantic loss. Songs like 
"Why Don't You See Me" and " .. . Long Time Ago" reflect on 
negalive relationships. 

The title tra k is also about the people Napolitano meets 
when she takes a stroll through the lreet of London, a place 
where she enjoys spending her spare time. Mankey stressed that 
the amount of ~elf-reflectioo thaI Napolitano shows is a sign 

that the band is concerned with social and political 
i ues. 

One political aspecl of Concrete Blonde's music 
which has developed over the years is Napolilano's 
stance on women's i sues. Many of the songs on 
Walkillg ill Lolldoll demonslrate Ihe way in which 
romantic relationships are particularly hard 00 women. 
In the song "Woman to Woman." she informs a friend 
that he!. husband has been cheating on her, and he does 
an interpretation of the James Brown song " It's a Man's 
World." 

"She [Napolitano] has always been a woman you 
don't want to mess with," Mankey said. "From the way 
she sees it, she's got to be tough to get ahead." 

Concrele Blonde will play with opening act Chris 
Bailey in the Price Cenler Ballroom at 7:30 p.m .. 
Tuesday. October 13. For more infonnation, call 534-
6467. 

C.NTUfllllfe e...c-
1M!. ~TfON 01< e-c.. 
~ w _ ANo_ '\A:rf_ 

INTO -n. UNtcNOt IlL 

GERARD 0--.. 

Free 
Appetizers 

$1 Beer 
Happy Hours 

M-Th, 4-6 p.m. 

$2 Featured 
Pints on 

Weekends 

P ARAMOUNT PICTURES P RESENTS A PERCY M AIN/LEOENDE P RODUCTION 
A R ,DLEY SCOTT F ILM GERARD D EPARDIEU 1 4 92: CONOUEST O F P ARADISE 

A RMAND A SSAN TE A N D S IGOURNEY WeAVER ."" •• ~~ VANGELIS 
. :·~:"\~\·. ~: ADR'AN B IDDLE. B .S .C . ... o.un~'l M ARC B aYM AN A N D R OSELYNE B OSCH 

.~~'o~'.'~~ MIM I P OLK SOTELA A N D l AIN SMITH WIII'''&~ R OSEl... YNE BoSCH 
PIIIOII\l(;U RIDLEV SCOTT AND A LAIN GOLDMAN "IIII C"~ R'DLEY S COTT 

11~7 ('olumhia st. (at "W) 1>1","111\\" 
B..a-BRF\\ (27-'9). (WE,\ I>\II,\' 

iPG 1), __ , __ -1 -~ et~.~"l':!'J!I!"".A':Il"" 
~-"'~"_"1.1. .000000, ..... c;III ...... ~ ... _,l ... __ .0Itf ~ 

£"'fU w •• , _co-o. C~" ..... NO co-,. ... c, D1ee. • 

T hursday,October 8. 199:2 Tht> UC 0 ClIul'<iian 

UP CO Mil G 

T 0 DRY 
Mel Gibson and Danny 
Glover gel it on in the action 
film Leflul We.ttpOn 3 
which shows at the Price 
Center al 6:30, 9 and II p.m. 
Ticker.; are $2. This film also 
show Friday. Info: 534-4090. 

Perfomlance anisl John 
Kelly performs "Divine 
Promiscue (Music While 
Waging Victory)" at 8 p.m. at 
Su hi Performance Gallery. 
Tickels range from $8 to $12. 
Info: 235-8466. 

The British band Calier the 
Unstoppable Sex 
Machkle plays with This 
Reality at 8 p.m. UI Sound 
FX. Tickets are $10. Info: 
560-8022. 

Texas blues guitarist Albert 
~ plays wilh the 
Debbie Davies Band aI 
8:30 p.m. at Belly Up Tavem. 
Info: 481-9022. 

fRIDRY 
When the Mountains 
Tremble, a film about 
Indian peasants in Gualemala. 
will be ,hown at 7 p.m. in 
SLH 107. A discussion will 

fo llow the film. Admission is free. 

T_ the Wet Sprocket 
plays at 8:30 p.m. at Iguana's in 
Tijuana. Opening the show is 
Marvin. Tickets are $10.91 in 
advance, $12 Ihe day of Ihe show. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

TheIonius Monster plays with 
Uncle Joe's Big Ole Driver 
and Creedle at 9 p.m. at the 
Casbah. Tickets are $7. Info: 294-
9033. 

Violinisl Janos Negyesy plays 
"Soiree for Music Lovers" at 8 
p.m. wilh special gllesls at the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. Admis-
sion is $5/$7. Info: 534-3229. 

The San Diego Symphony 
previews a perfomlUnce entitled 
"Encounler of Two Worlds" al 8 
p.m. at Copley Symphony Hall. 
The concen will feature the music 
of Verdi, Barber and Stravinsky. 
Tickels range from $25 10 $50. 
Info: 699-4205. 

SRTURDRY 
The annual UCSD reggae feslival 

~ 
1ta.c~® 

PICANTE 
SAUCE 

fealuring Donovan, Founda-
tion, BHoto and Barbara 
Paiae will be held at the Price 
Cenler Plaza from noon 10 6 p.m. 
The master of ceremonies for Ihe 
event is Makeda Dread. 
Admission is free . Info: 534-4450. 

SUIDRY 
Bebe and Cece Winans play 
gospel mu ' ic at Symphony Hall at 
7:30 p.m. Info: 278-TIXS. 

A free admission blues pany 
featuring The leepick James 
Blues Band takes place al the 
Belly Up Tavern al 9 p.m. Info: 

I 481·9022. 

TUESDRY 
Concrete Blonde with 'pecial 
guesl Chris Bailey play~ allhe 
Price Cenler Ballroom. Tickets are 
$17 in advance and $18 the day f 
the show. No one under 18 wi ll be 
admilled. Info: 534-4450. 

Del Amitri. a band which has 
released two qualily albums of folk-
innuenced rock. plays al Sound FX. 
Opening Ihe how are Ihe Gin 

Blossoms. Ihe be,t band 10 come 
oul of Arizona since Ihe Meal 
PUppeIS. The show slans ,]( 8:30 
p.m. Info: 560·8022. 

NfDIESORY 
Richard Katrovas will r~ad 
from hi~ book of poetry called Till' 
Book II/Colllp/aillls at 7:30 p.m. 
at the Blue Door Bookstore in 

Hillcre~!. Atlmi,sion is fret: . Info: 
298-11610. 

THE R T E R 
San Diego Repert9'l' 
Theater: A prc\·iew of Spllllk. 
an adaplaliotl of Ihn:e ~torie by 
Zora Neate Hur,lon. lake, place on 
SalUrday al 8 p.m. The pl(jy open, 
Oclober 14 and runs Ihrough 
October 31 on Ihe Lyceum Stage 
in Honon PlaLa. Perfonmlllcc, are 
al 8 p.m. Tuesday through 
Saturday, with ,how~ at :! anti 7 
p.m. on Sunday. Tkl..et, range 
from $18 10 $24. Info: 235-8025. 

AMES 
U 

o TOilER 15 . THURSDAY 
I'M . MAN DEVI LLE AUD. 

G.A. 15 / 17 · ST. 12 / 14 
lJCSD IIOX OFFICE 
534·6467 ·::;;t;.',;~ 

The Official Salsa Of HUSSONG'S Cantina 

North Coast Repertory: 
Masterpte. a spoof of polilical 
Wa~hinglon written by Larry 
Gelban. runs through ovember 7. 

P~rfom1ances are given Thun,day 
Ihrough S(llUrday al 8 p.m. and 
Sunday at _ and 7 p.m. Tickels are 
$10 and $I:! for ~lUden" . Info: 481-
1055. 

GRLLERIES 
Grove Gallery: "Personal 
Visions." a show which reature~ 
folk art by people who received 
no fonnal training i, on exhibit 
until October 24. Admis~ion is 
free . The gallery is open 10 a.m. 
to 5 p.lI1. Tue~day Ihrough Friday 
and from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

aturday. Info: 534-20:! I. 

Mandeville Ga llery: "Manny 
Farber: Black and White Paint -
ings. 1985-1991" is on exhi bil 
until November I. Admission is 
free. The galle ry is open Tuesday 
Ihrou g.h unday. noon !O 5 p.m. 
Info : 534-3120. 

M useum of Contemporary 
Art: The work of Briti~h 
scu lptor Alltony Gonnley, 
"Modem Dance a\ Mu~e : TIle AI1 
of Francoi~e Gilo'" ancl recent 
acquisilions are on di,play until 
December 9. The mu~eum i, open 
Tue~day through Sunday from 10 
a.m. to 5 p.m. and Wedne,day 
from 10 a .m. 109 p.m. Admi"ion 
for ,tudents is $2. Info: 454-3541. 



4 HIATUS The UC 0 Guardian Thursday, (ktobt>r 8,1992 

G H L L [ R I E S that perhaps can only be described as poetic. 
Farber: Beauty of Everyday Objects Revealed 

The title "Dig" seem to uggest something archaeo-
logical. However, the depicted objects refer to a level that 
can only be personal; these objects belong to the realm of 
everyday experience. 

There i an indefinable emotional content, an intimate 
level that connects the artist and viewer in the common 
understanding of the immediate daily experiences of life. 

By Joel Poukkul. 
Guardian Reporter 

result in the trange sensation that one i caught up in the 
personal metaphors of the art is!. 

These written notes, like bru h troke ,are clues to the 
processes which exi t on a level beyond the physical 
presence of the painting, an experience of which visual 
representation is the end result. 

The UCSD Mandeville Gallery has kicked off it. 
season with a show which questions the very form of till -
life painting. The opening how titled "Manny Farber: 
Black and White Paintings, 1985- 1991 " i an exhibition of 
work that both celebrate and examines the conceptual 
underpinnings that define painting in general and the still-
life in panicular. 

"Dig" is a collage of varied object painted on an 
equally divided black and while background. There is a 
strange sense of randomne in the choice of subject 
maner. It is as if the objects were simply delritus: 
discarded rundown objects left to deteriorate. 

This collection of work is at once beautiful and 
mysterious with its focus on both seemingly related and 
unrelated subject matter. Whatever the viewer's prefer-
ence in arti tic style, Farber's work is a definite must-see, 
a feast for the eyes. 

Whatever your personal take i on the visual an . this 
how hould offer some interesting surprises. Farber's 

work operates on a number of different levels: each work 
i a collage of elements. The ab tracl and the familiar 

But. de pite the seemingly random collection of tuber 
vegetable ,mice in mousetraps, lobsters and crabs, tools, 
pieces of teel reinforcement and scraps of paper with 
note scribbled on them, there i a definite sense of 
underlying structure. The visual and spatial relationships 
have a trange beaury aboul them, an inter-connection 

"Manny Farber. Black and White Paintings, 1985-
1991" will be on view at the Mandeville Gallery until 
November I . Admission to the gallery is free, but call 
534-3120 for its hours. 

Uhm. 
TEACH. 

No matter how you say it, 
it pays to do it in Kansas City. 

It you're a U . '. (OlIeg\' "!Olor or m,l, tcr' l ,In,hJ,llC ,lI1J Ilu ' nl 111 a 
foreign hl ngu.lgc, I"ok IIlt O th" rMC "dUl ,llIo n ,.! 0 l' l'urtu nlty flU 
e1cment ,HY .mJ ,cconJMV le,1Che r, Our T cach e r Til It II III A""t.lI1u' 
Proll riln, (TT A P) C<'!lld prOVide V,' l1 with 

• FREE TUITION • FREE BOOKS • A GUARANTEED JOB 
All we as k In re tu rn " your lye,lr CO l1l ll1 l1l1lenr 101 rc,llh 111 " n,' " I 
our mnOV3{1VC m,lgner schl~)k 
Hurry, now recruiting! 

.111 ( 16) 71·7710 or m,lIl Ih e w lIpon. We'll cnJ ~,," . 1 TTAP 
Informallon Pacl el anJ FREE color pm r':r. 

MAil T : T e rre,,, R" JnlluCt, TT AP C.",rd 111 ,11 or , S ho,,1 D"tfll l 
of Kansas ' Ity , ~II "" lIn, Room B \ \, Dept. 2 . \ 2 \ \ MlGee Street . 
Kanas Ily , M 641 06 

NAM E" 

Why just get a pizza 
when you can get 
GRAND SLAM'S' 
ue MEAL DEAL 
LARGE 1 TOPPING PIZZA, 

2 SALADS & 2 COKES 
for$11 99 

pizza Br sports TV 
453-0283 

8935 Towne Centre Drive #109 
in Renais ance Center behind UTC 

See why the critics are raving! 

AM lislt locos or. "., ctHle4 ",."L Most ore concocted wi!h frozen Pie~ 
of fish buried in ootter. (Sorry to ruin your appetite.) ~ 

Now lite goOII ".ws. You -!hot's righI, V0U- get 10 selett!he kind of fish for vour toco. Choose 
~ fresh 5""""." .~ swonllist .w. .... or ... 

Besl of all , SENOR PESCA'S fish ore ",pertly ".., .. Vir Irief/. So you'll reol~ Ioste the 
d.Iicio.. Hovor of !he fish. os well os the cheese, salsa, and fresh Hour tortilla. 

Senor PeS(a also offets 0 "" Me.de. _ . including muy buena burrilos, lortos and combo plales. 
Plus lroSly .."".,,11$ ond k. eoldl Mexlc. Ner. 

So slop worrying obout what's lurking in vour fish toco. Come to SENOR PESCA. choose your 
Ir ... ffslr---ilnd dive right in . 

SenOR Pesea 
MEXICANA 

Choiccsr t'ish ra os in ?:Own. 
11:30 - 1:30 s-IIy -n.., · II :30 - 9:30 FrWay , Satrily 

La JoIlo Wloge llIive of Regen~ Rood. next fo Anthony's La Jolla 
PIIow. 457-0597 flit: 457-5", 

r fre;h Ahi T;naY"; , 

:-+-1+: 
I Fresh Ahi Tuna Taco With nee I or beans $2.75 
• V,IId Oatty .her 4 JO P m Iltp 1()iJ'J92 I ~------ ... 

r 1;';y;'sCo;b;- , 
I ~ I 
I ~ ~ ~ I 
I Snapper BUrrito & Shrimp Taco I with rice and beans 
I v_"" .......... JO."'$4.50 • ..,,0~,92 . 
-----_ ... ~========~========~. 

Thur day, October 8 , 199"2 The UC 0 Cuardian IIIAT 5 

CONCERT REVIEW wore nothing more than a towel or bikini underwear, Clinton was able to tum every song into a s izzling R&B 
and funk-based jam. Between the blues guitar solos of 
Mike Hampton and Duane McKnight and the harmonizing 
vocals of the many back-up s ingers. Clinton had enough 
musicallalent on slage to make any recording artist jealous. 
Indeed, members from Clinton's entoumge have played 
with the likes of Talking Heads and Deee-Lite. 

Rap: Clinton Gets Funked Up at the Belly Up 
ByJeffN ..... 
Hiatus Editor 

While most rap acts are hard-pressed to make their 
show of pre-recorded music engaging, funk veteran 
George Ginton had no trouble turning out a vigorous 
performance Friday night at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach. 

Qinton has been an influence on a wide range of 
mu icians since he put together the adventurous but 
underrated band Parliament - a band which actually date 
back to the mid-'50s. Known as much for their wild 
costumes and stage antics as for their music, Parliament 
laid down many of the grooves that rap bands have been 

sampling for the last decade. During the sold-out concen, 
the 52-year-old Clinton showed that he hasn' t 10 t the will 
to groove. 

Dressed in a colorful smock, Clinton was more of a 
master of ceremonies than a star who coveted the spotlight. 
He in tructed the audience on how to clap their hands and 
had them repeating his zany phrases. 

Chants like "Think - it ain't illegal yet:' " rhythm and 
rhyme, rhythm and rhyme, rhythm and mother-fuckin' 
rhyme" and "there ' ants in my pants, I golta dance" 
became anthems as they were sung by the unruly crowd. 

Backed by a 14-member band, some of whom were 
dressed as exrravagently as an Arab sheik while others 

The concen was not without its lulls. however. Some-
time , the spoken interludes by Clinton and other band 
members would drJg on and disrupt the show's pacing. 

Clinton has always dreamed of uniting everyone with 
his music. and the song "One Nation Under a Groove," a 
highlight of Friday night' s performance, reflects thi s dream. 
For one evening, a crowd of mixed ethnic backgrounds 
appeared to be grooving to the same beat. 

There may be something more in the future for funic 
With a new album in the works, Clinton'S best days may be 
yet to come. 

usse 

AvaiJable at: 
UC 0 B okstore 

When you pure Russell Athletic's Pro Cotton sweats, you~ bookstore 
will be passing on a donation to your college's general scholarship fund, 

Thanks for helping us do what a college student does best. PJss the Buck. 
C1991 __ _ R RUS.ELI: Herimge·QJality·Perfonnance ATHLETIC 



/ 

n IIIAT U T ht, UCSO Cuard ian 

MOVIE REVIEW 
Hero: Neither Andy Garcia nor Dustin Hoffman 
Are Admirable Characters in Frears' Latest Film 

By Jenny GalaRC 
Semor Staff Wfller 

If it's a hero you're looking for. you have a bener 
chance of finding one ut Subway Ihan you d if you see 
the new film Hero by director Stephen Frcars. Academy 
Award-nominee Frears. who rocked Hollywood with 
The GrifTers and Dallgerous LiaisollS, falls disappoint-
ingly ,hon wilh hi, hue,t venlUre into comedy. Hero i, 
painfully miscaM, underdeveloped and falb into the 
rJnh of tho~e nicks thm ~hould have been made-for-TV 
movie~. 

In a nut~hell , Bernie Laplante (Du,tin Hoffman) i~ a 
lowlife con-anbt who m"~ hl~ life to , ave 5-l p~~nge~ 
from a plane cr.l,h. In a warped inderellu ~Ioryline, 
Bernie loses a loafer and ,Iip~ away anonymou~ly. One 
of the pa!\~engcrs Bernie ,avc~ i~ new!> reponer Gale 
Gayley (Geeml Oavi~ ) , who begin~ a ~earch for the 

my~teriou~ onc·,hocd hero. EllIer the h meless John 
Bubbcr (Andy Garc ia). who c1alm~ the fame and 
fonune. 

If you' rc wondering why Ihi, doc~n ' t !\ound like u 

comedy, you'll probably still be wondering even after you've 
:.een the movie. Hero relie on poking fun at tereotypes to 
get the few laugh that it doe manage. In facl. one of the 
only funny pans aboulthis movie is the writer's selection of 
names. The names Gale Gayley. Bernie Laplante (pro-
nounced "Iuh plant"), Bubber. Chucky and Chick make you 
wonder if you've stepped into a Lmml'y TOI1I1S canoon; the 
cinemnlography unfonunately lead~ you to the same concJu-
,ion. 

Hem begins by painting a picture of the swr news reponer 
Gale Gayley (Davis). who has reache<.l succe~s only because 
,he h:l' IO~1 all compa~),ion and humanity 31 ng the way. If 
you can get pasl thl undisguised ~tab at femini m. you may 
be comforted 10 <.Ii:.cover that all of the characters are equally 
as palhetit;, and pathelically underdeveloped. 

ew!-o repone~ and cameramen are all ruthle!-os ~avengers 
who arc after only one thing - the ~tory. Laplanle'~ el\-wife 
(Joan Cu~ack ) is a ~creaming. whining ~hrew. and Laplanle' 
lawyer ( usie u.\ack) is a dim-willed pu~hover. 

It gets worse. Davis i horribly miscast in this role. From 
her performan e in The/Illu lIlIll ultlist', Davis ha::. defined 

T hursc lay, Oc'lolJl''' 8. 194fl 

herself a.~ a strong woman. and audiences m"y have problems 
seeing her otherwise. In fact. the role of Gale Gayley is one 
that is so prepo. terous that any actress would find playing a 
cold-heaned. yet weak-willed woman more than a challenge. 

Another mL ca.~t i!\ Garcia. \\ho plays the role of John 
Bubber, the bad guy who really i~n't all that bad, G"rcia, who 
audiences may remember from The God/mher. Purr 1/1 and 
The UI/touclwhles, i. n t a funny guy. nd be~ides. he looks 
too comfonable in a suit to be believable as a mgs-to-riches 
chamcter. 

Even Dustin Hoffman. the movie's only glimmer of hope, 
can't manage to save this Ti tanic, He's believable in the role 
of Bemie Laplante, the shady hood who doesl/" make the 

mimculou~ tranl>fOmlation into Mr. RighI. This poses the 
movie's greatest flaw. Who's the good guy'? Who'~ the bad 
guy? Who do we root for? 111e audience i:-. never given the , 
chance to get to know any of the chartlcte~ enough to want 10 
sympathize with any of them. So ba.,ically, you won't care 
who win or 10. es. 

To make things worse (if that's possible). there are some 
very obviou\ incon,i~tenciel> in the Moryline. Luplante i~ , 
supposed to go to pril>on the next <.lay. yet we see him inste~ 
Ul the zoo. Bubber writes a confe~~ion Ihat di~appea~ (amidst 
a dozen reponers and policemen). And then there is one sce'ne 
when Bubber'~ tie seems 10 mysteriously change patterns. 

If youP ~till delemlined to see your favorite actor~ in a 
good movie. drive past the I hellle~ and head over to the video 
store. You can pick up The G rae/uCl/e , Delld Agaill and 
Earrl, Girls are Easy and end your evening wi lh a hero in 
every one. 

FREE 
DOlEN 

FREE SNEAK PREVIEW 

7fow 1" S trY yljis 
Co ta Verde Cenler 

CARNATIONS 
8 50 Gene 'ee Ave. 

'.m I)II:go. CA 9~ I ~2 
558-6666 

" lIh lltlftlu",:tl, I ... II.", 
\_,,\ .. t.: ~lIh M'<\ .Ch...1'.J!I,1 

C01..\.EGE-N1G/f1' 
EVERY THURSDAY 

I) 
· " e OcliH'r 
V. orkl II kl<-

~o 8 PM-CLOSE o ~Q • 
o • PPE!IZER~ .. ~~R!,FfS 0 

0 " .. . <:> $2~~LL DRINKS 
POol tab' \.. ~\ ~\\ootet~ 1es \)'3.~~et\Ja 
ToRREl's -----2- 1---1 
LA JOLLA MARRIOTT for 
• Must fk 21 Yl';lrS Old 10 Enter 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

(619)587-1414 ext. 6220 

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 

ADMISSION 

Ca~ C[]py+~o+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 HoUdaya. ("extto Doml"o 's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M ·F 8 3~ p m hp 11 H q2 
SAT. l()'l WITH UCSO 10 

WE DARE YOU TO SAY HIS NAME FIVE TIMES. 

CANDYMAN 
FlOM THE CHIWNG IMAGINATION Of CLIVE IAIIEI 

III~I~I ~1~mm""'.T\ ,. ,,>0<,"'" w"Jm~1AU fllYU [IUIIAIIYIII ,~~~~~m~ fllM~ .. ooucr~ .m~u~ 1~~[, Il" '~~~~~M~r ~llm~ l~ MA~m 
mlrm~~ ru~[n[mm WllfMMIII~ =~:~lN{Wm (~~Ilijij[ .:'~Mrn~mjltHM~L ~~~llIm~~ .... ,-=~tlMWMI 

~~ ~~~ t • ....,. -1~~lm ~~[li ~m~IJ~~ ~m~~ffi~~I 'NOMAI ~~~l -:.~~mw~ m~f .~~J! IPH 
FREE MOVIE POSTERS 

Tuesday, October 13 
MIDNIGHT 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Passes Available At 
UCSD Box Office 

At Noon - Friday Oct. 9 
Prcscnted By 

UniverSity Events 

Thursday October 8, 1992 

BEAT: Upcoming shows feature 
cultural diversity 
ComtInued from page H1 

"One of the reason I like these 
tours i that they till have a feel 
of their own communities with 
them. They still have the joy of 
making music for other than 
commercial reasons," Dilling said. 

The following is a run down of 
ome of the upcoming concen , 

African Dye - A COllection 
of 40 musicians and dancers from 
all over Africa outfined in colorful 
masks and traditional costumes. 
Check out the rhythms that are 
part of the origin of American 
rock music. TIley perfornl 
Sunday. Nov. 15 in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Kulintang - The nation's 
leading Filipino-American arts 
group perform mesmerizingly 
rhythmic rather than melodi 
mu ic with drum and brass 
gong. They perform Saturday, 
May I in Mandeville Auditorium. 

California Generations - An 
eclectic mix of musicians based in 
California with their cultural roots 
elsewhere, the group explores 
Native Californian music. The 

Want a life? 

perfonnance take place Tuesday, 
Nov. 10 in Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

Bluestory - The legendary 
blues duo Cephas & Wiggins and 
acclaimed storyteller Jackie 
Torrence return to UCSD for an 
evening of African-American 
expression. They perform 
Wednesday, Jan. 20 in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Mardi G ras - New Orleans 
brass band music has influenced 
jazz. R&B and the blues. The 
ReBirth Bm s Band aLo crosses 
over into hip-hop, dance, rap and 
reggae. They perform Saturday. 
Feb. 6 in the Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

Clarence Founta in and the 
Five Blind Boys of Ala bama -
These guys have been perfonning 
bam-burning, roof-raising. 
heaven-rocking gospel music 
since the 1940$, when they first 
joined forces at the Alabama 
Talladega l(lstitute for the Deaf 
And Blind. They perform 
Thursday, Feb. II in Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Then go somewhere else, But if you don't, the 
Guardian wants you. Come to our writer's traming 
program tonightat7pm. in the North Conference 
Room (old Student Center across from KSD1). 

The UCSD Guardilln H lATUS 7 

In t 992 • b.lnlesh,p ~ been 
s.lbot~ged by nucle,\r plrMcs QUi 10 sle~ll t ~ w.,he~ds 

'ow. surrounded by terroJlm a lone rrun stands with a deadly plan d an.ck 
... 

UNDER SIEGE 
WNINIR 8ROS. "~NIS 
~I.SSOCI\IOIII1IH R[I~NCY fNnRPIlISfS. U SIUOIO CNlAl + IJIJ AILOR filMS AJAIINON MllCHAN rmIIIllIH A~ ANORfW OAVIS IUM 

• SlfYlN!lAOO IINlfULIHS "MRSllf riJlYlmY ,/DI[RI A flRIIlll w I ,IlIliKINIIY JfRANK IIDY Ise , CARY CHANG 
. \ JACK B BIRNSHIN A!fJ pmR MACGRfGOR·SCDII ..'Ii, JONAIHAN lAWION I CARY GmOmlN .. ~J f lAWION tJ =R"'---=.:.;~·=:::":':;;~;;':':; W:-::_~' -mNON MllCHAN snVIN SIACAl A SIIVfN RWIHfR • ,ANORIW DAVIS . _ M' __ »' ~~~=~ I 

OCTOBER 9TH - --._-

University Events Office & ASUCSD Programming 
present 

,-,,,E A1 UCSO~ 
• 

__ ~~[W~ ~~11 
, DCTdsER 13 • TUESDAY • BPM 

PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
UCSD Sl Sl5adv. GJ, S17ldv, llilickets S18 dly-of-shaw 

(1III1t .... Ir anr ID Itt ••• ] 
UCSD Box Office 534-6467 ~~"'~""" -~~':~:~~fi;;"· 

" 



allUT ' 

DRUMMERS: Audience gets 
involved at the very end 

run-of-the-mill tour. either - you 
could say it' almost more a run, 
of-the-country tour. The en-
emble i running aero Amenca. 

They staned in 1990 IIh the 
ContInued from paCe H1 

Halfway through a shanrisell 
duet. the two men performing 
burst into "Oh SUl>annah!" They 
eventually ran off stage to retrieve 
an actual banjo and acou tic guitar 
to play American rock 'n' roll 
riff with the same intense 

abandon as any rock ... tar. 
The incorporation of American 

theme - they also played 
"Amazing Grace" and a fe other 
Southern tunes - into the how 
reflected the troupe ' experiences 
from their three-year-Iong tour of 
America. Thi i n't your ordinary 

ew York Marathon .• 1Od have 
been running from city to ci ty 
between perfonnance ever ince 
then. The I I members Ii e 
communally, following a philoso-
phy that attempts to unify the 
mind. body and hean. They live 
together, cook together, perform 

To at, or not to at, 
that i the qu stion: 

Whether ' tis nobl r for the tomach to uffer 
The slings and arrows of outrageou hunger, 

Or to take arms again t a ea of famine 
And by ord ring Chine e food end them. 

To at: to no h. 
And by impl phon all to a, I 

Ay , th r I no rub her ; 
Ju t good fo d. 

o ]h' r d fr , fa t and fr h! 
e rn /It ru: Tilt' Tr, ' ~r, /I ' fli JI./lII/I'I, 111: I \ \ i/lillll1 )/ll1At"I't', lIl ' 

Rlc~s~a £xprcss· 
"!)etiYIUV FUl, F4st4"u Fus4 

FOR THE BEST HOME DELIVERED CHINESE FOOD CAll 457-8646 

II 
I 

'I 
'I I 

.............................. ~ 

15% OFF pecial discount to UCSD STUDENTS and 
Shakespeare colleague With LUdcnt ID 

r---------------------------~ WYouThink 
Your Schedule's Tough, 

Check Out Ours. 

oondoggies Schedule: 
MOH DAY: -M •• ~., Nit~t f .. t~.11. - $UO longmks; 2 (or I 'ppe tlZers. 
~UES DAY: -S •• t~ .f n. B.,~., Nltk- Watch the su nse t on our Plt lO whi le enJoYln! $I.SO 
Mug.rllls, $1 Coronu 4-8pm), .n4 $1(ish heos. 

I 

WE DNESDAY: -lit. Nlt~t H.," H .. ,,- Enjoy our dil ly H. ppy Hour du ls (rom 10:30pm ohm. 
TH URSDAY: ·C.II't. Nlt~t. - $1 pInts: BI .ok & T .ns, Samu.1 Adlms, Bm , GlllnlSS; $1.50 
~ "!lrS , Ru mp llmlnl, "Pur,11 -Hootlrs ." 

. H.," H .. , 4-', •. $1 ~OIll"lIo 'r.its, 2 for I ,,'1111.,._ 
SAT URDAY & SUNDAY: ·F"t~.11 Fr.I". W .. k .. ~.- VarIous splmls throu!hout the w"'lnG. 

,C9Mi'NJ 
e Nut t. the H.,~ R.ck Caf. • Pluty 0' uI4."rlU'~ ,.,kil,. 

Ie ~'U'Y' your Chrl stlllll ~ .rtv ~owl Call 4S4 ·96 .. 

--------------------------_. 

IN 
Roommates 

Ticket 

Cars 

Bikes 

DeaJs 

teals 

ReDtals 

Slereos 

Surfboartl~ 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Job 

Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitter 

Computer 

Tutor 
and more in 

The G"ardian 
Classineds, 

What do 
),011 need'! 

........ ' 

Ullltairl in tho 
Student Center. 
*'- tile 

GInIfII SIINI. 

together and run together. 
While II has been di ml <!d as 

"just another of those trange 
thing the 1:Jpanese do" by , n 
Ignorant fe . it actuall, maJ...<! .. 
perfect sen~e: these drummer 
require an Immen.<;e amount l i 
\ trength and endurance In rJer to 
perfonn for two-and-a-half h urs. 

Pan of the perfonnance that 
received the most enthusia. lie 
re ponse was the sllanrisell duet. 
in which they played Amencan 

Thur Jay, Octollt'r 8, 1992 

tune on Japanese instruments. 
Regardle of cultural inhibi-

tion . the audience ga e the 
ensemble three "tanding ovation . 

nd panicipated in the en ore. 
While the troupe drummed and 

played away on their in~truments. 
one member conducted the 
audience through a hand-clappmg 
a companimenr. Becoming a pan 
of the performance seemed a 
uitable way to conclude an 

evening of cultural exchange. 

•................... -. 
: NORTH COAST CLEANERS : : 
: OF LA JOLLA RENAISSANCE : 
• • Same day service • ;- days a week • In by noon., . ready by 5 • I 
• 

• Expert tailoring and alter.lt! ns done on site • ew laundry services • 
fea turing boxed men ' dress shirts & fluff and fold laundrv 

• • Friendly courteous service lor personalized care of your fine g~rments • 
• • uede and leather ~peciali t • Satisfaction guranteed • 

• • 
• • 
• • 
•• $1 00 OFF 9 •• 
• 9¢ SHIRTS • 
• DRY ClEANI G and PRESSl~G wilh ~J\y DRY CLEANING • 
• 

on EACH gannent ORDER • 
(no limil on numbfr 01 garmentsl HMld finishfd • Elpertlv I~undfrfd 

• c. Ur<'" mu'l ' PfN'fIIt'd" lin • 'titn's Oms ' On hMlgfr' (limil 5 shirts) • 
• 

'CO\IL' or~." " nl\ Coup"" muSI be P"""'lrd ""h • 
.. "tnt (\lUp\)n rtr ('roer pt" \ ,I . COMI!\G l'Nef'S C'nlv. 

• 

I~.'rrv . cannot c,'If1'\bl.lle " tl\?,... Ont"coupt1f1 pt'r OroN, pt'r \ I'U . • 
[ "p 10, ~ u:! c.onv. r.nnot combLne lltren 

• "'p. IO/:U,"2 • 

• in the New Renaissance Towne Centre • 
• 915 Towne Centre Drive • 
• Behind the tJTC :Via ll • 1 ext to Harvest Ranch Market • 

: [II] [Z] 457-9800 : 
• New !tours: 7 am-8 pin, I/tllrday 8 am-6 pm, Sunday 10 am-5 pm • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

LSAT 
MeAT 
GMAT 
GRE 

Classes are starting right now. Call m-17". 

KAPLAN 
lb •• nswlr II 1111 Iisl a.lsill •. 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

: ~~~~ : 
• ~3-~ ~ ..... 
: f;<~ : 
• • I l uCSD STUDENT I : 

!BIG M~AL~EAL i 
• _ - - - - SUB ,,11r\E I 

... - 1L G \ I 6U't "N'i FOO NO GEi " \ • I PRICE" • 
I REGUV.R OR'tlf. \\ • 
I AlEE :2c;,S \ VAUO ONLY AT • 
II 5TUO£~T \~ft , ,,0,",0 . COSTA VUDIE 110 • ~\,.~,.'" ,,~'I eT'" \MIRAMAR LOC TIONS . 
I OT 'I"L'O '" Pl..EASIE PRIESENT • UCSO IO 
I Exp, 10131192 • 
I • ! f&l1J ;1'JJir.i i 
I 6780 MIRA"''''' Re . BEHIND CARLS JR. S49-6i69 • 
I 87S0 GENESEE IN THE COSTA VERDE CENTER !5!5&e811 • 
• ••••••••••••••••••••• 


