
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

No 
When the UC Regents 

affirmed their decision to 
grant outgoing UC Presi-
dent David P. Gardner 
approximately $2.4 million 
in retirement benefits, they 
did what they were contrac-
tually obliged to do. 
Unfortunately, they 
couldn't have been more 
arrogant or less tactful. The 
university is in the midst of 
a major fiscal crisis, 
students are facing the 
second fee hike in two 
years, enrollment is being 
cut, pay increases have been 
frozen and all the regents 
seem to do is give their top 
administrators "jewel-
encrusted" golden para-
chutes / PAGE 4 

HiATUS 

festival of Sound 
UCSO's New Music 

Festival wiu include a fme 
slate of artists. Meet MC 
900Ft Jesus and No Doubt, 
two of the five eclectic acts 
expected to play this 
Saturday, in this week's 
Hiatus / PAGE H1 

SPORTS 

Record Invtte 
The UCSD golf team 

rolled to its 14111 win 
without a loss Monday, 
totaling the lowest 36-oole 
team toral in school hislOl'y 
at the Point Loma invita-
tional in E1 Cajon, Pete 
Roberts was the medalist, 
shooting a combined three-
over-par 146. Teammate 
Tom Brown finished one 
shot back. Dale Abraham. 
Man Stonem and Jeremy 
Moe rounded out the 
scoring quintet / PAGE 11 

INDEX 
Opinion .................... 4 
Hiatus ..•..•........•..•.. H1 
Sports .................... 11 
Classlfleds ............. 12 

VACCINATE 
THANKS 

ANIMAL 
REt.,.. RCH 

Photos by Jason:OORiiCiiieiG;;;~ 
Protesters decry UCSO's use of animals in research (left): research supporters tout achievements. 

Protesters Clash Over Animal Rights 
• Anti-animal research groups, 
pro-research activists both hold 
demonstrations on Tuesday 
By David Snow 
Staff Writer 

Animal researcn supporters and critics staged 
opposing rallies Tuesday at UCSD's Basic Sci-
ence Building, each attacking the other group's 
beliefs on laboratory animal rights. 

Patrick Oeveland, president of the Coalition 
for Animals and Animal Research (CFAAR), 
said the pro-animal research CFAAR rally was 
organized as a "counterpoint" to National Labo-
ratory Animal Liberation Week. which is this 
week. and to "celebrate the lives that have been 
saved through animal experimentation." 

The San Diego Animal Advocates (SDAA) 
held an evening vigil protesting the use of ani-
mals in biomedical and psychological experi-
mentation at UCSD, which SDAA spokesper-

ons say claim the lives of over 67,000 animals 
each year. 

The CFAAR rally featured speakers from 
UCSD's scientific research community and from 
disease victims who attributed their prolonged 
life to medicine and medical procedures devel-
oped as a result of animal experimentation. 

Key speakers at the aftemoon event praised 
recent developments in the field of medicine, but 
warned that the increasing momentum of the 
animal rights movement could impede future 
research valuable to human health. 

"Stop this testing, and you will prolong the 
agony of millions," said Sharon Harlow, a diabe-
tes victim and president of the Incurably III for 
Animal Research. 

Speaking to a subdued crowd of approxi-
mately 120 people. Harlow issued a chal lenge to 
animal activist. "Take your compassion [for 
animals) into the leukemia wards ... tell your 

See RALLIES, Page 2 

Regents OK 
Pension for 
Gardner 
• Legislative committee 
tentatively approve audit 
ofUC administrators ' perks 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Senior Staff Writer 

In the face of public opposition. the 
University of California Board of Regents 
reaffirmed retiring UC President David 
Gardner's pension on Monday by a vote of 
16-2. 

In addition to the 21 regents in atten-
dance. members of the public were also on 
hand to express theiropinionson Gardner's 
severdJ1ce package, estimated by some to 
be $2.4 million. 

Regent Jeremiah Hallisey. a San Fran-
See PENSION, Page 3 

UCSA Drafts 
New Proposal 
To Lower Fees 
• UCSA suggests cutting 
salaries of administrators 
earning more than $80,000 
By ErIc Schmidt 
Associate News Editor 

New budget proposals suggeste9 by the 
University of California Student Associa-
tion (UCSA) may help reduce next year's 
increase in fees from 24 to 10 percent. 
according to UCSA leaders. 

UCSA Vice President John Edson said 
that such proposals are not intended to 
represent the only possible budget cuts, but 
rather to show that cuts are possible. 

See BUDGET, Page 7 

Warren Campus to Be Impacted by Construction 
Staff Writer 

In addition to the new residence 
halls currently under construction, 
there will be three other major con-
struction projects impacting the 
Warren College campus over the 
next two years. 

The most visible project will be 
the construction of Engineering 
Building Unit n (EBU H), a five-
story building which will contain 
laboratories, offices and classrooms 
forthe Engineering Department. The 
building will be located on existing 
parting lot 503, which is southeast 
of Pryatel Field. 

In order to accommodate EBU 
II, the realigrunent of Canyonview 
and Voigt Drives will be necessary. 
This project will involve relocating 
Voigt Drive to the east of where 
EBU n will stand. However. the 
existing Voigt Drive will remain 
open until the new section of the 
loop road is completed. 

The goal of the third project. the 
Warren Utiliry Loop, is to provide 
utilities such as high and low tem-
perature water, gas and telecommu-
nications to FBU n and the Warren 

College Residence Halls. 
According to Associate Archi-

tect of Design and Construction Sue 
Herre. who is in charge of the EBU 
U project. construction of EBU II is 
slated to begin in August. The dura-
tion of construction for the new 
building is expected to be 22 months. 
endingsometimearoundJune. 1994. 

Herre said the Canyonview/ 
Voigt Drive realignment will be 
composed of three phases. Phase I 
will be completed in August or Sep-
tember of 1992. Phase n is to be 
completed by Novemberor Decem-
ber of 1992. The final phase is to be 
completed by February or March of 
1993. 

The Warren Utility Loop con-
struction. Herre said. will begin in 
pproximately November, 1992 and 

will be completed by December. 
1993. 

According to Assistant Vice 
ChancellorofDesign and Construc-
tion M. Boone Hellman. the total 
project cost for the construction of 
EBU n will be $31,998.000, while 
the cost for the Canyonview/Voigt 
Drive realignment and the Warren 

See WARREN, Page 7 

WARREN COLLEGE CONSTRUCTION 

Realigning Voigt Drive and 
Canyonview ROad. 

...... - .. 

Area for parking lot 504 
will be used for new 
Warren residence halls. 

Phase 18 
Creating a new utility 
road using part of 
Voigt DrIve. 

Constructing a new Canyonview 
Road connecting the Price Center 
to lot 503. 



2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, April 23, 1992 

Rising Insurance Premiums Could Lessen Appeal of Student Loans 
• Increase of .75 percent due to loan defaults; serve will dip below !he federal As both Freid and Burt agree thal According to Burt. :1 rise in the 
sources differ in long-tenn forecast of premium rates govcmmcnt-mandatcd rateof at least the reserve fund mUSl rise again to 81 premium was necessary. but how one percent of the tOlalloan porno- leas& one or two perccnl of the out- much the rise should be is quesllon-
By Mary Betty Heard guaranleeloan defauh - ifstudenlS Iio. because !he govemment is low standing loans. questions remain able. "Whether it had to be mised 
News Editor do not pay their loan back - until in reimbursing CSAC or because il about how to replenish the fund. from 1.25 to 2.5 was hoi I y debated." 

A committee of sludenl . taff. the federal governmenl reimburses refuses to reimbur..e certain loans. "Although !he students proposed he said. He added that the recom-
faculty and community members CSAC for its loss. If a loaning agency stays below a1tematives to rai ing!he premium. mendation still has to be reviewed 
last week recommended 10 the Cal i- For e,.;ample. she said, if a stu- one percent for too long. it hits the the (Loan Study Council] did not and passed by the CSAC. 
fomia Student Aid Commission dent takes out a loan for $4.000 and "default trigger." Burt said. wbich take them seriously." Freid said ina "Perhaps the commission will 
(CSAC) a measure that would de- there is a 2.5 percent insurance pre- means that !he federal govenunent tatemenL sec a benercour..e than the counci1." 
duct 2.50 percent fromsludent loan mium.CSACborrow $4.ooofrom will only reimbur..e the agency for Among the suggestions made. Burt said, noting that among !he 
to be used as loan insurance. a bank. puts $100 of it in the Loan 95 percent of a defaulted loan. in- she e,.;plained Tuesday. were shifts council members were not only stu-

The Loan Study Commission Reserve Fund to 111 uretheloan,and tead of 100 percent of !he loan. in the allocation of interest made denlS. faculty and administrators. , 
from thC reserve fund. Freid said proposed an increase in student loan sends the tudent a checkfor $3.900. which can result in the loss of a but also bankers. 

in urance premiums of .75 percent, TIle student. however. till must pay substantial amount of money. that presently the interest made off Freid foresaw a grim future (or 
raising the current premium from back the original $4,000 loan. Burt said when the federal gov- of the fund is funneled into paying student loans. predicting that by 1996 
1.25 percent. The Loan Reserve Fund is a re- emment does not reimburse CSAC the administrative needs forthe Loan the premium could rise to 2.75 per-

This i the second rise in the volving fund from which CSAC entirely ,taxpayers and student have Reserve Fund. rather than into the cent. She suggested that the pre- • 
insur.mce premium in lhe past year. repays defaulted loans prior to re- to make up the difference. fund itself. mium would continue to rise be- . 
The premium rose from .75 to 1.25 imbursement. Currently, the default coverage Burt, however. said that what ause bankers prefer to have more 
percent in April of 1991 . Both Freid and UCLA Financial ratio has deteriorated 10 an estimated little interest the fund earns is allo- than twopercentofoutstanding loans 

UC Santa Cruz st udent and Loan Aid Office Director Lawrence Burt .82 percent. By comparison. in 1988 cated entirely back to the fund. The in reserves, and because CSAC 
Study Council member Tobin Freid said that the increa:.e in the pre- Ihe default reserve coverage was interest had. at one time. been split, wants to build a new building. 
described the in urance premiumas mium is the result of an increase in 1.47 percent. with 90 percent going into the de- But Burt said he assumes the 
a fee deducted from a ~tudent loan the loan default nile. which mean By raising the insurance pre- fault fund and the remaining 10 premiums will go down again once 
by CSAC when the loan is paid out that CSAC has had to payout in- mium.CSACwill be able to replen- percent going toward administra- !he reserve is replenished. 'They 
to the student. creasing amounts from it ' reserve. ish the default fund. which serves as tive needs. but that changed last have gone up and down over the 

The fee is u!.ed by CSAC 10 Occ~ionaUy. Burt said. the re- a measure of financial solvency. year. he said. years," he said. 

RAWES 
ContInued from pace 1 
daughter why mommy must die from breast 
cancer to save a laboratory rat." 

Supporters in the audience tarried s igns 
that read "Animal activists want you dead" 
and "Without research children die." One 
large bannerspreadoverthe lawn read "Ani-
mal activisls deceive and lie." Participants 
joined hands at the condusion oflhe rally to 
fonn a "chain of life." 

Brian Baldo. a UCSD graduate student in 
neurosciences who attended Ihe rJlly. ~aid. 
"1 Ihink if a lot of people understand that 
science isn't about torturing animals. there 
would be more support for research aimed al 
curing human suffering." 

TheSDAA rally began al7 p.m. and drew 
a crowd of appro,.;imately 160 animal re-

search protesters. Many of the supporters 
brought pet dogs. one of which had a banner 
draped over it that read "Let my people go." 

One woman dressed as theGrim Reaper. 
while fellow protesters displayed placards 
depiclinga laboratory door with blood flow-
ing out of i I. Other placards read "The truth 
cramps UCSD's lyle." 

SDAA Director Sally Mackler said the 
rally was organized to "honor the hundreds 
of millions of animals who have died to line 
the pocket of the vivisection indu try ," and 
(0 educate Ihe public aboul "what goes on 
behind Ih se walls." referring to the Basic 

cience BuIlding. 
POinting OUI the anllnal research sup-
porte~obS<!rving Ihe rally. Mackler referred 
to them s " the motley crew toward the 
back." Al:cording 10 Cleveland, CFAAR 

membe~ attended the rally "to provide bal-

ance for the media." 
Speakers at the evening rally included 

anomey ZephyrCarlyle and radio personal-
ity Jerry t. James. who listed what he 
termed "10 victories" for !he animal rights 
movement. including a Gallup poll which 
reported that 80 percent of Americans op-
pose animal experimentation. 

SI. James, drew a mixed response from 
the otherwise enthusiastic crowd when he 
Conlpared UCSD's animal e,.;perimentation 
to the execution of convicted murderer Rob-
en Ahon Harris. which took place Tuesday. 

After lighting candles and proceeding to 
the loading dock of the Basic ience Build-
ang.SDAAboardmemberandformerUCSD 
ludent eris Waller described fOrlhe crowd 

some of what she termed 'questionable' 
e,.;periments conducted in the building. such 
as forcing dog 10 drink lethal amounts of 

alcohol, to compare their br.uns to those of 
human alcoholics. 

"UCSD is one of the largest killers of 
animals in the United States," Waller 
charged. 

At the conclusion of the vigil. partici-
pants laid a wreath at the gates where ani-
mal are brought into the building, and 
togetherread Albert Schweitzer's"A Prayer 
for Animais." 

Literature d istributed at both rallies made 
blistering attacks on opposition groups. An 
SDAA handout accused the American Medi-
cal Association of using McCarthy-era tac-
tic to intimidate animal rights activists. 

A CF AAR leaflet stated. "TIle last Holo-
caust was brought to the world by the only 
society that had ever adopted the values of 
the animal rights movement - Nazi Ger-
many." 

Weekend Weather Watch GUKK')IAN 
• The temperatures for Friday, 
SaMlay, and Sooday in Si:Jl 
Diego County: 

Swt 
(Feet) 
3 

Average temper-
atures for "'/air are: 

65/71 

........ 

(Seconds) 
10 

Surfing 
Conditions: 
FAIR 

NaIlan EIhrvGuardfif) 

JASoN SNElL, EtIIDIIn Chlt!I 
PETER KO, ....... EtIIDI 
lEN BOYCHU<, ~EdIt« 
MIGla aK:KErnElER, 4_"'''''''' EIIIIw 
JAMES CQlIIER, o..t&h EtIIDI 
LYNN FRANEY, CGpy &Iflar 
JOSEPH GARCIA, HItItU8 EIItDt 
MARY BETTY HEARD, MMs EdIt« 
atERYL HOCHMAN, .-.0, ... CcJpy EdIt« 
SUE MAPES, A..-c1aN PrtoIJo EtItDr 
MEL MARCELO, GtIP*S EdIIIt 
DAN MCDOWELL, PhoIIO &Iflar 
PI&P MICHAELS, ,A.." ... opwon EdItIIt 
KEN PERLMAN, Spcm EdItIIt 
AMELA ROVA, s,.:tac .. EdIt« 
ERIC sa IUIIDT, 4_ , ... News EdIt« 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, 4_riIte __ EdIt« 
WILEEN WONG, A--=,* """. EIItDt 
GREGG WRENN. ~ s"cm EIIfDr 

BOB DeANDREA, ...... ,.,..."., 
MICHAEL FWLKS, ...,..",., ..... 
MIKE MARnNEZ, ~ D .. ___ 
E. LEIGH HENRY, alii'" ...... 1DtIw 
-""'!Iop ... _GoM -'!Ceo "'-. u.. __ 
-.....--...,.,.--~Joe~. __ IIItLaD_.,..., ................... _,..., ....... _ 

oIUCSD.~rI .. _ ... __ ~_ ... ___ Io .... 
~C19i2. .... _IIIrI.C!D_ •• __ .... _rl __ 
,.,.,a ... Iht __ ........... _._ ... .--._ .. 
_rlIlltUCSD-. .. ~oI~ ... __ IIIrI.CSDa...a_ 
..,.,-.. .,.. .. , .. _ ........ .-.......,."'.-
EdIIoNI: 1M4IIO, ...... 0-. 1J4.1 ... Fa: IJ4.lMl 
UCSD G"...." 9500 Gilman Drhe 0316, 

La JaIIa, CA 92C)93.03U 
__ :_ ...... UCIII........... . .. 

, 

Thunday, AprlI13, 1992 

PENSION 
ContInued from PICe 1 
cisco anomey and one of the two 
dissenting votes. said that the public 
outrage over the pension package is 
"mind-boggling .•• 

"I have two inches of articles. 
editorials and cartoons on my de k, 
all against this package. It· s not like 
it's half and half. It's totally one-
sided," Hallisey said. 

Regent Yvonne Brathwaite 
Burke. who alsO voted against !he 
pen ion, could not be reached for 
comment. Three board members. 
Lt. Gov. Leo McCarthy. Hoover 
Institute scholar Glenn Campbell 
and Gardner abstained from voting. 

In response to recent rumors of 
his immediate resignation, Gardner 
ended his tatement at the meeting 
by saying, " I look forward to work-
ing with you through the remaining 
few months of my service as presi-
dent." 

Sources say Gov. Pete Wilson 
talked him out of early resignation. 
but neither Gardner nor Wilson 
would confirm ordeny those claims. 

One of the members of the pub-
lic present was Marisela Marquez, 
president of the UC Student Asso-
ciation, who addressed the regents 
directly. 

"What bothers [the students] 
most is not this particular action. but 
rather that you did it in secret, with 
clear intent 10 deceive the public." 
she said. "Now the students and the 
public believe that this action is 
simply typical of how you run the 
university - that you conduct con-
troversial business out of the public 
eye. and that you routinely scheme 

to keep the impact of your decisions 
secret." 

Marqua also noted the effect 
the regents' actions will have on the 
way olhcrs view Gardner. 

"He has been your champion. 
and has served you well. But be-
cause you were unwilling to pub-
licly air. or even announce. your 
desire to reward him for his service, 
his tenure will not be remembered 
for all !he good things he has done ... 
but for this incident." Marquez said. 

In what has become a public 
relations nightmare for the univer-
sity. officials are now looking at 
ways to avoid similar problems in 
the future. 

"I suggested a review of how the 
regents address certain issues." said 
Board of Regents Chair Meredith 
Khachigian. "[to determinel what 
might be more appropriately handled 
in an open session and whal is nec-
essary to deal with in closed ses-
sions." 

Hallisey mentioned he believed 
a "mole hunt" in the Office of the 
President is now underway in an 
attempt to discover who leaked a 
transcript of the Mar. 19 confiden-
tial meeting. in which Gardner's 
pension was discussed. to the press 
last week. 

Hallisey does not consider the 
issue closed 

"We'll see." he said. "Maybe we 
will be canying the fight to the 
legislature .... We'll find out how 
much Gardner loves and admires 
the Uc. 

"A lot of legislators are unhappy 
with this. especially with !he budget 
considerations. " 

Khachigian disagreed. saying. "I 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

WEDNESDAY 'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

• University Cealff Board Reatloates Grove Sloragr Space: The UCR decided 10 granl the Grove Carrt slorage space near 
the Craft Cenler to the siudeni cooperalives for extra office space. The decision is being protested by the GroVl~ and the 
Associaled Siudents bcaw5e the Grove will lose needed storage space. Paul Wilcox. A,S. eommisioner of operations. services 
and enterprises said he was not happy wilh the way the UCB handled the realloc3lion. "[The UCB] didn't even include Ihis 
is ue on the agenda for their meeling." Wileo>. said. 

Old Bu5lMSS: 
• ApPllJvaJ of UCR Charter as amended. POSlponed. 
• Approval of ASUCSD Council Bylaws as amended by the Rules Commiuee. Passed. 
• Allocation of$t5O from General Unallocated to EXlemal Affairs Travel tine item. Passed. 
• Allocation from Mandated Reserves for Laserwriter IIg and Phone Net conneclor to remain in computer room. Wilhdrawn, 
• Amendment 10 ASUCSD Programming Commillee Chaner. Anicle III A and B and F under Article V. Passed. 
• Amendment to ASUCSD Programming Commillce Chaner. Anicle III C. Passed. 
• Appointment of Marie ROlenberg as A.S. Represenullive to Academic Senate Committee on Comput ing. Poslponed. 
• Allocation of $826.72 from Media Unallocated to Momtlll/lm. Passed. 
• Allocation of$397.88 from Media Unallocated to Vo: Frontui:a. Passed. 
• Allocation of $ 1.509 (rom Student Organization Finance Board to Native American SlUdenl Alliance for Cultural Celebr:lIion 
on May 30. 1992. Poslponed. 
• Allocation of $850 from General Unallocated 10 Revelle College Dean's office for "The Meeting." a play for Malcolm X 's 
birthday. Passed. 

New BuslntsS: 
• Allocation of $92 I from Media Unallocated to Communications Supplies and Expense for reptacement of main soflware in 
Media Compuler Room. Referred 10 Media. 

can't imagine that the legi lature 
would want to hun 160.000 stu-
dents and damage the quality of the 
university. " 

While Khachigian said she felt 
the issue was closed by the regents' 
vote Monday. Hallisey said. "The 
fight has just begun." 

The regents also came under fire 
yesterday morning when the Joint 
Legislative Audit Commillee of the 
state legislature considered a request 
from State Senator Quentin Kopp 
(I-San Francisco) and State Senate 
President Pro Tempore David 
Robeni (D-Los Angeles) to audit 
the expenses. perks and salaries of 
the top 22 UC officials. 

According to State Assembly-
man Roben Campbell, who is chair 
of the Joint Legislalive Audit Com-
mittee.the meeting attendance failed 
to provide a quorum, so the mem-
bers present tentatively approved 
the audit. subject to the approval of 
the entire commillee. 

Members of the subcomminee 
received information from the Au-
dilor General's office. which re-
viewed Ihe case and estimated the 
cost. time and manpower required 
to carry out the audit. 

"The dilemma was where the 
money will come from," Campbell 
said. Because of Proposition 140. 
which limits the legislature's ex-

- Joanne Donahoe 

penditures. the Audilor General's 
office cannot pay for the audit. 

There are Ihreeoptions for fund-
ing for the audit, according to 
Campbell. The university can pay 
for it. as is customary in Ihe private 
sector. Kopp and others can try to 
find altemative funding. The third 
option is a ballot proposition that 
would go before the voters next fall. 
making Ihe Auditor General's of-
fice independent wilh its own source 
of funding. 

Campbell said he will try to con-
vince the university to pay for Ihe 
audit. which was estimated to cost 
$90.000 and require 22 people to 
work on it over one to two months. 

UCSD SUMMER 
SPECIAL 

If we take any more off OUf 
prices it just wouldn't pe legal! 

250/0 OFF ANY size storage unit 
with this ad at 

I • ., .. 
.. N i 

I 

~ 
.. 

Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 
549·0500 

.. , ....... .. __ ~ ____ ~~ ____ ~ •• ~a.. 
La JoIa Wage Dr. 

• 

Mirar..-Rd. 
I 

We serve well-balanced. healthy dishes 
We don't use MSG 
We Cater All Occasions 

• Weddings 
• Parties 
• Business Meetings 

I When two people dine and ABACUS I 
II the total purchase exceeds $20.00 3949 Go\lernor Drive II 

at Genesee 
I One coupon per customer. Not valid with any other olfers. in Vons Shopping Cemer I 

Dine in only. Offer eitpires 5115/92. 587,1188 L _ _ ________________________ ~ 

B250 Camino Santa Fe ,.' 
450#3323 

, (MIramar Area) 
I·805 .to La J<5l1a Village Dr. 

. ,' " Mlrlar Rd . exit . 
. Go east ights. tum left 

I We .' rio 11'-7 .. 
~t. & n . 11·5 ~ '\: 

• J 
'6663 EI C . n Blvd. 

~ 4,60 .. i 
.. , ~ (hear S • . 

:. 1·8 College .b; 
tum left on EI !iilt~' APPAREL . 
SHOPPING R " 

T }I¥.-Fri. 1 ~:8N" • 
& Sun. r~ . 
IAial fiiIiiJ""- . " ~ ~~ J:.t,<. 

I \ 

,~ :. . 

.,/: , ~' " 
::i~~ . I ' 
'r . t 

. ~ ~ 

• 

ii 
, . 
l' 

! . 
• ..... '1 .• J "'I • 
• 
" 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDITORTAlS 
Editorial Boord 

JASON SNELL. &1i1or in Chief 
PETER KO. Managing Editor 
MARY BE1TY HEARD. News Editor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion Editor 

Tit< UCSD C_di<ut i. publbllcd .wlcc a wt<k a. die Ufti..,"'1Y 01 Callf ... ia, s.. o.c .... COIIleft" C IWl, 
Vkw.cltprcued hcte(" rtptntftt the ""j(""1 vow oIlM ediMJriaJ board. Mel aR .. ncu.uaril'l!how:: r:Lthc 
UC _ oI~ .. ft"""" ASUCSD. ""'."" ..... '" G...,_...n, 

GARDNER'S PENSION 

A Spectacular Display of Arrogance 
The University of California is in a state of cri i . Registration 

fees have skyrocketed by more than 90 percent in the last two years. 
The university's budget is being slowly whittled away by the state 
legislature, forcing cuts in enrollment, and hiring freezes . The 
situation ha.~ become so alanning that there has actually been talk of 
mothballing a campus or two to save dwindling resources. 

And yet, while the university teeters on the brink offiscal disaster, 
the UC Regents. in a spectacular moment of arrogance, decide to 
award outgoing UC Pre ident David Gardner with a pension pack-
age worth approximately $2.4 million. 111e issue is not so much the 
enonnity of the award - the amount is based on an accumulation 
of deferred income over the last 25 years and is a result of retirement 
programs established forGardner when he became president in 1983 
- but the imprudence of the regents in their deci 'ionrnaking. 

Despite massive public outcry against the payout. the regents 
reaffinned their support for the deal in a meeting on Monday. The 
Board was perfectly justified in it decision. II was, in effect, simply 
honoring the tenns of Gardner's contract. But the action could not 
have been more thoroughly botched, or handled Ie tactfully. 

The controversy could have been kept under control had the 
regents been more fonhright with theirdecision. Most of the Board's 
initial decisions were made during a meeting last month. the details 
of which were kept "in strict confidence" until somebody leaked a 
trJnscript of the gathering to the press last week. During that 
meeting. several regents discussed the public relations problems the 
Board would likely face if the detailsofthe meeting ever reached the 
press. 

The regents' actions come on the tail of a much-despised 24-
percent fee hike - the second hike in as many years. While 
Gardner's pension will not come out of student fees directly, it is 
difficult not to see more than just a little hypocrisy - students pay 
more and more every year while top administrators cam extravagant 
wages. The UC pres ident, for example. is the highest-paid public 
employee, eaming $243,500 per year. 

The university is also in the middle of a rather precarious budget 
crisis. The state legislature will oon decide how much funding the 
university will receive in the upcoming fiscal year. If nothing else, 
the regents' decision to approve the pension deal at this time was a 
political blunder, one which has already raised the ire of some state 
legislators. 

State SenatorQuenten L. Kopp (I-San FrJllCisco) has requested an 
audit and investigation of"acrions approving compensation and other 
material benefits for high University of California 0 fficials since 1983." 

In a letterlo Robert Campbell. chainnan of the Joint Legislative 
Audit Committee, Kopp says that "revelation of heretofore undis-
closed compensation grants by the Regents to high Universiry 
officials continue to occuron an almost weekly basis. Moreover, the 
secret nature of uch deci ion has finally been disclosed to the 
public." 

The regent argue that large pensions and other fonn of com pen-
sation are necessary to attract and retain the best and the brightest to 
effectively administer the university. The university is among the 
largest enterprises in the state, if not the nation. "The challenges 
associated with the effective administration of such a vast enterprise 
are compelling," remarks Regent Harold Williams. "The need for 
truly competitive compensation is all the more compelling." 

To a point, Williams may be right. But it is not reasonable to 
believe that top-quality administrative talent will stay away from the 
University of California and all of the prestige it offers because the 
six-figure salary isn't quite high enough. 

After all , the University of Cali fomi a is a public university. and 
its employees are public servants. Its administrators should know 
from the oUlSetthat the monetary return is not nearly as good they 
could expect to find in the private sector - that's not why they're 
here ... or, at least we assume thar's nOl why they're here. 

This pension debacle shows that there is a need for the regent to 
re-evaluate their retirement benefit policies. In these difficult eco-
nomic times, it is obvious thai the universilies "golden parachules" 
will need 10 bea little less golden in the future. "When the Titanic has 
struck the iceberg," Regent-designate Alex Wong says in a written 
statement, "we need to focus on rescuing the people and saving the 
ship, not bicker over the ize of the captain's life preserver." 

The university is going through some painful changes and, like 
it or not, the topadmini. trators are going to have todo their share of 
suffering along with everyone else. 

The UCSD Guardian 

B_ARNEY-------/? 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 

::~~~~~~0' '; I I I I 
/1 II / I 

I 'I 

I I 

I / 

I 1/ I / 
'I. I I / 
1 &/11/ 1/ 

1 

WriaIn bw Coler. MichIIII and BoydU 
IIusnIion ~ • KUOIau.diwr 

COMMENTARY 

A Closer Look at Jack Peltason 
• The mine chancellor will be an excellent, qualified 
choice to replace outgoing UC President David Gardner 
By .... .,..... 
Contrbutlng Opinion Writer 

His wife, Suzie, describes him as rumpled. and 
he admowledges a slight similarity 10 a popuJar 
TV detective. In fact, he is approachable, disarm-
ing and likeable; yet, he still manages, like 
Columbo, to solve the problem at hand. 

The day we mel wilh Jack W. Pehason, the 
future president of lhe University of California. 
the resemblance was DOl so obvious. He was 
professional and presidential ,and spokeeloquently 
of his enthusiasm for the UC - and public higher 
education in general - and of his understanding 
thaltheprobJems we face will not besolvedbefore 
the next commercial message, 

Peltason, a national leader in higher education 
policy, was selected in 1977 to be president of the 
American Council on Education. He held this 
position until 1984, when he was named chancel-
lor of UC Irvine. Earlier this month, at age 68, he 
was seJectcd from a field of over 200 candidates 10 
become the next president of the University of 
Califomia. 

When someone at the April 3 press conference 
asked about his age, Peltason said that it was ironic 
that people were now saying he was too old forlbe 
job, because when he became Dean of the College 
of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of 
Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1960, (ICOp1e 
claimed he was too young. When asked if he was 
planningjusta short tenure as "interim" president 
because of his age, he said that his intention was 
to serve as long as God. his wife and the Board of 
Regents were willing (in that order). His health is 
good, and both his wife and the Board are enthu-
siastic about his appointment. 

I spoke with Peltason on Saturday afternoon, 
just after hisappointmenL lasted him tocomment 
on slcyrocketiog student fees. He said m. raising 
student fees should come as a last resort and that 
il was especially bad that fees had jumped so high 
over such an urapectedly shod period. 

He said, however, that raising fees may con-
tinue 10 be necessary if the alternatives are to lose 
the workklass f.:ulty dial makes the UC the best 
university in the world, ortocae tbedoon to any 
ofCalifomia'seliaibiestudenls. Wheoastcd about 
the problem oflimitins aa:ess on economic crite-
ria by having high fees, he said that the approach 
of the univClSity wouldcontinuc to involve "inter-
nal progressive taltabon," or the use of some fee 

money to pay for the fees of those who are 
financially needy. 

I asked him about his conunitmenllOdiversity. 
Peltason said he has a lifelong history of opposing 
discrimination and that one of the univelSity' s 
highest priorities should be 10 keep providing "the 
forum in which the new Califomia is being forged: 
where people can study, worle; and live with people 
from cultures different from their own." 

In general, PeIIaSOll feels the univelSdy has 
neverbeen in bettershape, thai it is the preeminent 
university in the world, but that it has also never 
been in more peril .. He plans 10 reemphasize the 
value of the UCtothestate as an engine of growth 
aodcultuf1ll enriclut'lenL He has a commitment to 
hip education, but feels that the people of 
California need 10 I'H5Iablish their own commit-
ment. 

He said several times that there is "no magic 
formula" to accomplish this,just that we continue 
to demonstrate cxcelleoce in the quality of our 
graduates, aJumni, research and public service so 
that all Californians can sec the benefit of their 
taltes at wort. 

The selection comminee for the new president 
consisted of 10 regents appointed by the chair of 
the Board of Regents, including one a1wnni re-
gent, the student regent, the chair und pmt chair of 
the board. tbe governor and five appointed re-
gents. In addition, committees of students, staff, 
alumni and faculty from all nine campuses partici-
pelCd in the process. 

The rust actuaJ step in the process was to 
update the criteria for the selection to reflect the 
values of the current university community. Then 
the faculty committee reviewed all of the nomina-
tions and applications and narrowed the field 
down 10 about a dozen candidates whom they felt 
deserved close scrutiny. 

The regents committee considered this list and 
the facuJty'sjustification foreliminatingork~ 
ing specific candidales and added a few names to 
back it. The faculty committee dilcussed the can-
didates and eventually reduced the number to six. 
The regents committee then called these individu-
als for interviews. 1'IReapeedand tlwededincd 
to be interviewed. stating that they had lftVious 
commianenlS and would be unable or unwilling to 
serve as UC presidenl at this lime, 

The three remaining candidates were very dif-
See PB.TAION, Page 6 

Thunday, April 13, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

Men Have 
Destroyed 
Feminism 
• A little re-education 
could do a lot of good 

-By Chee-Hehn Hunc 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Feminism has suffered tremendously 
in the last year. 111e nephew of a Massa-
chusetts senator is accused of raping a 
woman. He is not found guilty, but 
instead, the woman's sexual history i 
anacked when he tries to seek justice. 
A Supreme Court nominee sexually ha-
rasses a woman, but Congress attacks 
the woman 's menial stability when he 
tries to seek justice. Women march 
around UCSD for equal rights. Some 
march topless to show how society forces 
women to hide their bodies, but the 
Guardian mocks their courage in a car-
toon. 

What has happened to feminism? The 
faulilies not with women. but with men. 

II was a male~orninated court sys-
tem that decided that William Kennedy 
Smith was DOl guilty. II was a white 
male-<iorninaled Congress who decided 
that Anita Hill was a liar. It was a man 
who drew a Guardian cartoon mocking 
women's courage. 

Feminism has sllcceeded in changing 
the views of many women. It has given 
womenself-respect.sistemoodandpower. 
8efOJe feminism can succeed further, it 
must start changing the views of men. 

To change people's views, people 
must be taught. At the university level, 
there are women's siudies coUrses, but 
the courses have a low percentage of 
male students enrolled in them If the 
women's studies courses were made 
general education requirements, then 
men would be forced to take the classes, 
and men would be forced to learn. 

It may sound unfair, but most general 
education requirements in the humanities, 
from history to literature, are really "men 's 
studies." In fact, most hwnanities courses 
not labeled ''women's studies" are. in fact. 
"men's studies," so having women' sstud-
ies classes as general education n:quife.. 
ments will not give women any extra 
power; it will only slightly balance the 
uneven scale of education. 

Outside of education, the court sys-
tem must be revised. A woman physi-
cally raped should not have to be emo-
lionally raped by the coun. Rape trials 
often try to make the woman the defen-
dant instead of the rapist. Judges should 
be trained to make a woman's sexual 
history irrelevant for a rape trial, 

Doctors are required to attend c0n-
stant seminars so they can keep up to 
dale with the latesr medical trends, so 
why shouldn't judges be required to 
takeseminarssothattbeirjudicialviews 
do not stay archaic? For those judges 
thai cannot be enlightened. some way 
fOr appeal needs to be included. 

A person declared guilty can easily 
appeal, so why can't a prosecutor ap-
peal as easily if a person is found inno-
cent? Just as a prejudiced judge andjury 
can make a sentence too harsh, a preju-
diced judge and jury can also decide thai 
a crime is Mnot really a crime" in their 
own minds and not punish a criminal. 

Before feminism can advance. men 
need to be re-educared CoIlep men 
have to be fon:ed to learn the studies of 
bach sexes. Those in thecoun should be 
required 10 learn IIOIHCltist studies, as 
well those inConpallshould be talghI 
Ih8t lOy ICltist decision will result in the 
lou of their job. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

• Looking for accurate coverage? You won't find it on the evening news 
"Well. George. .. Ross Peroc said about 

Ilia 1987 tareh for P.O.W. '5 in Soulhcast 
Asia. ., so in looking for prisoners. but I 
spend all my lime discovering Ibe govern-
meal hils bcc:o movina drugs around Ibe · 
world and is involved in iUcpl anns deals 
",Iean't getattbe prironcrs becauseoflbe 
QOr11Ipdon amongourown covert people. .. 

In this election year,let's not forzel that 
Oeorac BUlb was once the head of the 
CenIra1lnaelligence Agea;:y, an organiza-
tion that hils historically been dedicated to 
wortting outside of the law - moral and 
administrarive- in the name of promoring 
U.S. interests abroad. 

This week. Time reports thai the bomb-
ingofacommercial airtineroverLockerl>ie, 
Scotland. was perhaps not a Libyan anack 
but a Syrian strike against its disgruntled 

I bedfellow, the CIA. 
Now we can all look forward to the 

wilting and eventual ~ of this story in 
the mainstream media. We will see George 
Bush's smiling face as he goes for a jog in 
Kennebunkport, or on a stroll with 8ar-
barain D.C.'searly dawn, marveling at the 
cbeny blossoms in bloom. We will sec 
everything and anything that fits inlo a 
sound bile or a IOminule commercial-free 
prime-time news report. 

The media which is so often acc:uscd of 
being "liberal" by America's number one 
radio commentator and all his callers in the 
Southern belt are, ar best, erratic mosqui-
toes on the body of the administrative 
status quo. 

Conservatives, in the words of Noam 
Otomsky, believe in a strong state ~ 
ICCtCd from SC1Utiny, Maybe we should 
amend Ibe sound bite "liberal media" and 
call them the "conservative media." 

For example, whar have we seen in the 

media's coverage of the current presiden-
tial campaigns? Innuendo, sex, pot and 
shadowy accusers. We sec brief incur-
sions into the Caterpillar strike (when 
OintonandBrownarrive)andlong,drJwn 
out, teary testimonials from supine unem-
ployed couples riveted to their living room 
TV screens. We sec an African-American 
woman stand up on a chair and yell ar 
Clinton, with only passing reference to the 
fact that she, too, is a candidate for presi-
dent. 

Some of the American news media's 
most ignominious rnomems can be secn in 
their portrayal of lhe invasion of Panama 
and the Persian Gulf War. Most of the 
American public bought the lie that Opera-
lion Just Cause was a surgical strike that 
~Iy deposed. Noriega, shot up a few of 
his armed bad guys and desboyed some 
lmOCCupied buildings which fell on streets 
thai were conveniently empty. 

Central American and Mexican human 
rights organizations, as well as the foreign 
press, reported Panar(lian civilian casual-
ties in the thousands, basing their stories 
on eyewi~ reports. 

In a solitary instance of real joumaJ ism, 
"60 Minutes" did do a report thai showed 
mass graves, U.S. military documents tcs-

tifying to high civilian death numbers and 
Panamanian proICStsofthe invasion. Over-
all though, we came away from the Panama 
affair with the happy realizalion that it 
may have been the nicest little war we ever 
had the good fortune of fighting. How the 
invading U,S. forces arrested Panamanian 
labor leaders and joumal ists critical of the 
invasion was not to be seen in America's 
TV and newspaper land. 

Who can forget the prime-time news 
anchors in Saudi Arabia, waxing senti-
mental as they described the beauty of the 
shiny lights of U.S. planes bombarding 
Baghdad? We were all roped in by the 
yellow ribbon lasso and told to shut up and 
cheer the defeal of the Middle Eastern 
Hiller. 

Noone seemed to want to mention how 
only a week before the invasion, when 
asked aboUt the impending invasion of 
Kuwait by Iraq, Stale Department spokes-
woman Margaret Tutwiler said, "We do 
not have any defense treaties with Kuwait, 
and there are no spccial defense orsecurity 
commitments to Kuwait." And let's DOl 
forget that the CIA was instrumental in 
making Saddam Hussein what he was, as 
in the case of Manuel Noriega. 

111e people that constitute this counllj' 
ue not wiDing accomplices in the dirty 
and secret dealings of organizations such 
as the CIA and the National Security 
Agmcy. We all care deeply about the men 
who never came back from Vietnam. We 
all care about the havoc wrought by drugs 
in our conununities. 

Unfortunately , however, weueallkept 
from connecting with each other in con-
cened action and protest because of the 
fragmented and untruthful (but somehow 
sexy) meanderings of the U.S. media. 

Women Aren't Getting A Fair Shake .. 
• Women's issues have never been presented accurately by the 'Campus Organ' 

Recent evenls involving the Women's 
Resource Cenler (WRC), and the presscov-
erage of these events, makes me wonder to 
what degree the Guardian really under-
stands women's issues here on campus. 

II seems like the WRC's strongly nega-
tive (and entirely justified) reaction to the 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon calendar of misogyny 
was enough to push the Campus Organ over 
the edge in lerms of how it covers any 
positive thing the WRC lries to do. 

The latest eltample of this is the Guard-
ian coverage of the protest women's center 
set up on the Sun God lawn Iwo weeks ago. 
The goal of this action was 10 raise aware-
ness among lhe campus community of the 
lack of - and need for - a university-
funded women'scenterat UCSD. The wood-
and-plastic center was nol intended 10 have 
any relation to the SAE calendar outrage, or 
the "Take Back the Night" march of lasl 
month. 

But the university administration, this 
time acting through the ample personage of 
Assistant Vice Olance))or Tommy Tucker, 
chose 10 use this time of high visibility for 
the WRC to charge its members with elter-
cising their constitutional riPts. The ad-
ministration did this with the full eltpecta-
lion that the women's cemcr procesr would 
be tarnished. 

The Guardian, acting in its fu)) capacity 
as Campus Organ, swallowed the bait. The 
first article (April 9), written by Editor in 
0Ucf Jason Snell, neally collapses the two 
very separate issues. A IarJe front-page 
phoIo shows some WRC membeR near the 
women'scenter;belowit,theheadlinereads: 

FIFTH COLUMNIST/~~tT :~\ ',~ 
"WRC March Yields Charges of Miscon-
duct, Damage."111e first six paragraphs do 
DOl mention the women's center at all. II is 
only after the story is jumped to page seven, 
where no one will read it, that the women's 
center is even named. 

The bulk of tile article is aboullhe admin-
istrative charges, even though lhe march 
took place over a monlh earlier, rather than 
about the women's center action, which was 
occurring at th~ tim~. Perhaps the Guardiall 
was making up for its coverage of the "Take 
Back the Night" march. when il ran a story 
that was written by a reponer who did DOl 
even attend the event. 

Bul the Organ was not yet done. 111e 
same day (April 13) the article about the 
dropped charges was run, an editorial car-
toon appeared. II shows several topless, 80-
gry-lookingwomenmarchingbehindaWRC 
banner, holding up copies of the SAE calen-
dar and other degrading materials and say-
ing, "This offends women!!" 

111e women are drawn without shoes. 
This "barefoot and pregnant" reference is 
outrageous, but not surprising. What's re-

ally disturbing is the complete lack of und~r­
standing of the issue. Women choosing to 
bare their breasts in protest to dominant 
power structures is not the same as women 
being seen naked in pornography. The sec-
ond is exploitation: the first is not. The 
Guardian collapsed the two, just as it col-
lapsed the WRC issues to begin with. 

Aside from the content, this cartoon is 
misleading because of its lack of attribution. 
Its position (on the top of the Opinion page, 
next to the Editorial Board names and the 
other editorials) and its title, "Editorial 
Boardom," make one think it is the agreed-
upon opinion oflhe newspaper. Apparently 
this is DOl so. The cartoon was the brainchild 
of two non-Edilorial Board staffers, Design 
Editor James Collier and Associate Opinion 
Editor Philip Michaels. If tl'lese two are so 
filled with 'boardom: one has to wonder 
why they even bothered to' 'think' up the 
Ihing al all. 

Thankfully, the WRC does not have to rely 
on the Campus Organ as irs sole means of 
getting the word out. The protest women's 
center was a medium in irs own right. Although 
not reponed in the Guarduln, women who 
stayed in the center repon that support for them 
among the campus community was high: 

• Faculty response was "great." Over 20 
faculty members, from all academic divi-
sions, signed the women's cenler petition. 
Women's Studies professorTeny Odendahl 
taughl her "Inlro to U.S. Contemporary 
Women's Issues" class in the women'scen-
ter. This kind of support helped to legitimize 
the action, and broughl more attention to it. 

See WOMEN. Page 6 



6 OPINION 

PELTASON 
ContInued from .... 4 
ferent from one another in personal 
sty Ie and approach to the job - yet 
all three could have assumed the 
role and led the university to some 
specific future. 

After ascertaining that Peha~on 
was willing to accept the nomina-
tion. the committee informed the 
heads of the other advisory commit-
tees and went home with the antici-
pation that the full board would 
meet to di'>Cu,,~ the nomination ~ 
soon as possible. llle point of the 
rush wa~toavoid a leakofPelta.~n·s 
name to the pre. s ~ the board could 
con ider the committee's nomina-
[ion without feeling pres ure[orJtify 
it. 

As things tumed out. the Sail 
Diego Ullioll -TriiJlllle' broke the 
story before the board could on-
firm Peltason'~ nomination. The 
board was. in fact. unanimous in its 

Dinner 
Delivered! 

Dorm • Home • Office 

GOURMET DELNERY 
from La JoUa's Rcstauarnts 

Call for Menu Guide 

approval of Peltason as the future 
president, but many members felt 
the process was compromised by 
the leak. 

The issue of presidential compen-
sation also clouded the appointment 
of the new presiden!. The amounts 
were made to seem unreasonable by 
addingupthelifetimeamountsrather 
than considering the per year pay-
ment. This was money Gardner 
eamed, and, in fact. it was Ie than 
predicted because of the ~alary cu t~ 
that faculty , Maff and executives 
have endured during the past two 
years. 

I calculate the amo nt of state 
money that will go to paying the 

pre~ident'!' salary and benefit\, that 
could otherwise go to offsetting stu-
dent fees . to be about 68 cents a year 
per ~tudent. I think David Gardner 
was wonh eve ry penny, and Jack 
Peltason will be too. 

- Diana Darnell Is the 1991-92 
Student Regent 

The UCSD G\W'dian 

WOMEN 
ContInued from .... I 

• Among women. the center at-
tracted many people who would not 
nonnally walk in to the WRC's 
office in the Price Center. Due to the 
awareness generated by the action. 
last Thursday 's WRC meeting had 
a "huge tumout." 

• Among men. the response wa~ 
"generally good and respeclf ul. "The 
center attraCted lots of attent ion from 
the men passing by, many of whom 
Slopped to read Ihe literature and 
lalk with the women staying there. 
Some even offered to give dona-
lions to the WRC. 

• 1be proximity of the women's 
center to the Faculty Qub caused [he 
administration no small embarmss-
men!. Apparently Olancellor Atkinson 
was '·upset. " lllis was exacerbated by 
Roben Peterson'svisiltocampusdur-
ing the action. Peterwn is the name-
sake of Peterson Hall and husband of 

LA SAHDALE 
ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

TEVA 
DECKERS 

SPORT SANDALS REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
lfI $A"DALE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SO 92109 
488-1134 

If the answer is YES/ 
then you should apply for 

UCB Chair. 
The fate of the COOPs? 

Setlling Charter changes? 
The opening of the renovated Triton Pub? 

Space allocations for various groups? 
Programming: Thursdays on the Green and UCB movies? 

Working on AB 1884: Student control of Fee Funded Focillites? 
Students (an Decide. 

The UCB is responsible for a 3 million dollar budget and 
oversees all operations of the University Centers. Applicalions 

can be picked up at eilher the University Centers Administrative 
offices on the second floor of the Price Center or the Siudent 
Cooperative Center. For more information, call 534-0818. 

Deadline is Friday, April 30th at 4pm! 
The CIJ'dOOres lor (1m. mUll be hA~nme sn.denrs II good sllrdr1J with 0 cumL.ia1Ml ~rode poilt CJVeIOgI of 2.0 
or waoter for oodarW~LOt!s, 000 3.0 III graolar fill g.ooLOIe stuclBnts. !he cordidole fill 001 rrostl'lM serttd 

olleost one year on 0 S1I.denllxJord: h ASlJ(SO, h GSA. or one 01 h f""" U(SO «liege «1M. 

MayorMaureenO'Connor,a .. wellas 
a verycharitabiebenefactorofUCSD. 
No doubt 01ance11or Dick did IlOI 
enjoy having to explain why this is the 
only UC school without a women's 
center. 

Ironically, the Guardiall's mi -
guided focus on the administrative 
charges soon became moo!. The 
administration magnanimously 
agreed to drop the 'vandalism' 
Charges, since Tucker claims lhe 
WRC paid the clean-up costs. It was 
an imposed ~Iution. however -
the $500 was charged to the WRC's 
accounl by the administration, 
whether till' WRC wlIl/ted to pay it 
orllot. Yet another abuse of admin-
i trJlive power took the decision of 
whether or not to pay OUI of the 
students' hands. 

Lastly, the Gllardiall has yet to 
go to the hean of lhe i 'ue and give 

u~ some information about what a 
university-funded women's center 
would be like. Essentially, it would 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 

be a campus service provided to 
students, like Health Services, Ca-
reer Services, Legal Services and 
the like. It would have full-time, 
paid staff positions - this would 
improve service, add eontinuiry and 
ensure that organiZlltional memory 
extends beyond the fourto five year.. 
of the students involved. 

A women's cemer would have 
more real office pace. with the ca-
pacity to have mulliple meetings 
going on concurrently. Mostly. it 
would be able 10 provide to the 
campus community more of the 
kind of serv i eel> the WRC is trying 
to provide with it limited resource~: 
s upport groups , an e tensive 
women' libmry.greater studyand 

. . pnvate spaces. 
U CS D needs a women's center. 

But until the Campus Organ begins 
to present women's issues aecu-
rntely, the WRC will be forced to 
continue gelling the word out on its 
own. 

The "Sun " is always shining at 
~~~ Holiday Cl. Trim & Tan ca 1 J 
(near UCSD) 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 
"Firs' lime cilems onlv wl,h ,hIs coupon. 

~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call lor details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a tremporary water loss' Reduce cellulito and stretch markS 

fI--------1 
I FREE \e I 
IS" 11\ "ACCELERATOR I 
l..!~!!!!!!!~~=~:.....L wllh 'hIs cOI/pon. Exp're,5.23092 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 

WARREN 
ContInued from pace 1 
Utilities Loop i expected to be $1 .5 
million and $2.8 million, respec-
tively. 

According to Hellman, student 
and faculty wi ll be somewhat in-
convenienced by the massive con-
struction in the area. He said that the 
main problems will be noise and 
traffic. "Traffic will be a mess over 
there," he said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Herre said that these problems 
will be minimalized as much as 
possible. "Vehicular and pedestrian 
traffic is being accommodated and 
will be rerouted. The problem has 
been carefully thought out and pro-
vided [forl," she said. "But. as with 
any construction, it upsets the norm. " 

She added that students and fac-
Ulty will be able to get through the 
area on foot and by bike or car. 

Construction is in the process behind the Warren College Apartments 

According to Herre, each con-
struction work day will stan at 8 
a.m. in tead of the usual time of 
7:30 a.m. "This is to allow students 
[0 not be met with noise early in the 
moming," she said 

During finals week, work. hours 
will be further restricted. 

"We're doing significant work 
to see that those concems are very 
concretely dealt with," Herre said. 

EBU II will have 80.098 assign-
able square feet when it is finished. 
Some of this space will be allocated 
to house the offices of the Applied 
Mechanics and Engineering Sci-
ences (AMES) Department and the 
Electrical and Computer Engineer-
ing (ECE) Department. 

BUDGET 
ContInued from page 1 

"We put Ihem out to give our 
argument more credibility," Edson 
said. 

New suggeslions inc/ude trim-
ming the salaries of top UC admin-
istrators who make more than 
$80,000 by five percent and delay-
ing the sale of revenue bonds so no 
interest will be paid until next year. 

The UCSA no longer recom-
mends a cut in graduate student 
admissions because it received 
"pressure from faculty and grad stu-
dents," Edson said 

The five percent salary reduc-
tion for top administrators alone 
would save the UC $12.6 million, 
according to the UCSA proposal. 

According to Herre, the part of 
the AMES Department that will exist 
in EBU 11 will include its chemical, 
maleria) , solid and slructural sci-
ences components. 

"Engineering has grown. The 
purpose of EBU U is to accommo-
date this growth," Herre said. "EBU 
o will bring together a lot of pro-
grams that are now in other areas of 
the campus." 

According to Herre, EBU Irs 
placement is intentionally on-axis 
with Central Library, in order to 
form "a terminus for Warren Mall." 
She also said that the new building 
will have an individual appearance 
while still retaining the look of the 
college. 

"[EBU III is quite different in 
look. bUI some similarities were in-

The UCSA also recommends in its 
plan that faculty merit alary in-
creases be delayed six months, av-
ing $8.5 million. 

According to Edson, such cuts to 
faculty and administrators will not 
hurt Ihe UC, since salaries will re-
main competitive nationwide. "As 
things become worse, everyone is 
required to make some kind of sac-
rifice," Edson said. 

However, Mike Alva, a repre-
sentative from the office of the UC 
president, disagreed, saying that 
such cuts would definitely harm the 
quality of education. "We're look-
ing at [faculty salary) cuts for the 
second year in a row - we're lag-
ging already," Alva said. 

In addition, Alva said a 25 per-
cent fee increase will preserve ac-

lentional. Cenain design elemenrs 
were designed and implemented to 
provide designcontinuily ," she said. 

The use of exposed concrele as a 
finish, Herre said, and the use of 
sunscreens to shade windows. both 
of which are common in the Warren 
College area, are exwnples of lhe 
de ign conlinuity. 

Herre said that the building will 
be shaped like a "square donut" 
with a cour1yard in the middle. The 
offices will face Centml Library, 
while Ihe laboralOries will face the 
future Voigt Drive. 

According to the Warren Col-
lege dean's office, studenl repre-
sentatives from Warren College 
have been involved in the proceed-
ings s ince the conception of the 
projects. 

cess to education, since the $3.000 
yearly fee proposed for next year 
remain competitive with nation-
wide levels. 

"The university understands Ihe 
pain that the budget train is placing 
on everybody. We're atlempting 10 
spread Ihe pain and still maintain 
quality," Alva added, noting that 
the UC Board of Regents wi II try to 
keep rhe sludent fee low. pending 
the approval of the state budget. 

Other cuts proposed by the 
UCSA includea$3.4million reduc-
tion in the non-salary budget (office 
supplies, etc.) and the addition of 
$3.3 million onto the UC $55 mil-
lion debt. 

According to UCSA Executive 
Director Lee Bunerfield, the stale 

See BUDGET, Page 10 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAT. 
This checklist will help you 
answer aJJ. of them. 

Id Kaplan makes test prep convenient. 
~ With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 
Id Kaplan helps you manage your time. 

~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 
on, before they hurt your perfonnance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value. Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
~ Kaplan is the industry leader. 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources 

.it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOWI1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

C 1992 Stantey H. Kaptan Education.t Center ltd. 

NEWS 7 

AUTO PORT MAll MIRAMAR 

roM~ Master Mechanics 
====== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'Must present coupon Ond valid UCSO '0 at tlmo 0' estimate 
Not vahd WIth major engll"le or transmiSSIOn repairs 

liI 1450:9494IR~~ 
'1 VlL ; _ • . u .... "w u.« . 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 

-A fu~y, chewy, rich 
chocolate browrtie layer 
-More Ben & Jer~ 

-More brownieS 
·Your spedalmessage 
-Fresh whippedcre.am 
orf.~t~rc:re~~~~~ frosting 

Order today for Mothers Day! 

iii"liiiri VERMONrs FINEST· ICE CREAM ~ FROZEN YOGURT 
4.50 Regents Park Rd. • La. Jolla 

887-3680 



8 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 23, 1992 

Come to U CSD' s third annual 

Earth Day Festival 
Friday, April 24, lOam - 7pm 

At the Gym Steps and the Hump 
(Co-sponsored by ASUCSD, UE&PB, GSA, Culture Quest and Warren, Third and Muir college councils) 

Q 
Cf) 
o 
'? 
Schedule of Events: 

, 

12-1 Club of Rome (band, plus a speaker on the Green party) 
1-1 :30 Carl Anthony, President of the Earth Island Institute. 

1:30-2 Open Workshop with Carl Anthony which will ·focus on racial and 
environmental issues (in conjunction with Culture Quest). 
2-2:30 Peter Navarro, Candidate for Mayor of San Diego. 

2:30-3 Bill Winston, Candidate for U.S. Congress. 
4-5 Jambay (back from Seattle) 

5-6 Teyek Sa Thilsanne (Drummers and Dancers) 
6-7 Flatten Manhattan 

(Note: This is the final and correct schedule. We apologize for any confusion caused by previous scheduling errors.) 

CultuJ'e Quest and the Earth Day Coalitioa at UCSD Present: 

Race, Poverty and the Environment 
A lecture on the disproportional impact of environmental 
degredation in impoverished and minority communities. 

Featuring Bunyon Bryant, Professor of African Studies 
and Natural Resources at the University of Michigan 

Wed. April 29, 7 - 9pm 
Peterson Lecture Hall 110 

(Free Admission and Refreshments) 

Plant A Tree 
On Campus 

Help expand UCSD's Eucalyptus erove! 
Come to tbe field between CSB, Peterson Hall 

and tbe Faculty Club and belp plant some trees. 

Friday, Mayl, lOam· 2pm 

For more information call: 
The Eartb Day office at 534·7909 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 9 

1'I1e'ta Be'ta Xlla1m:p 

DElTA TAU DFlTAFRATERNTIY 
prmnts 

1992 Coastal Classic 
1ST ANNUAL BENEFIT GOLF TOURNAMENT 

WI1l1 AIL PROCEEDS GOING TO TIlE SAM & ROSE STEIN 
INSTlTlITE FOR THE AGING, UCSD ScHOOL Of MEDICINE 

A J'IJ of fun .nd ch.llenfJinfJ fJDlf .t the 
,resti9ifuS TorrelJ Pines GDlf Course! 

ToRREY ~ GoLF CoURSE NOKfH 
SATIJRDAY, MAY 9th 

TEE TIME: 9:00 a.m. 
FORMAT:: 2-man scramble 

(Opcn to all. Limited to 144 golfers) 
PRlZES AWARDFD FOR: Low Gross 

Low Net ba.scd on Callaw.lY 
2 Oosest (0 Pins 
Longest Drive 

THANKS FOtt SUI'I'ORnNC OUR SfOXSORS: 

.e & 111 'ilJi.ltcilutit1It, 911c. 
no::!;," IM;J(;·R- ~ .. ·, .. qll·10US''''~ 

AL.CILa 
TIl NUMBER ONE GRAPHITE SHAFT IN GOlf. 

Copy Shop 
in Old Town 

raYlord CMa e 
Don HOLD BACK. 

SECURITY PACIFIC BANK 

For information on competing, please call Rob Barnett (454-5366) or Anton Bittnner (558-4679). 

BILL WINSTON ills A REAL PROGRAM 
FOR THE ENVIRONMENT, THE EARTH, 
AND THE FUTURE. 
ATMOSPHERIC ISSUES 
• I will call for an immediate halt to the production and use of CFC' and 

related ozone destroying chemicals. We can't allow DuPont and other 
chemical companies to dictate the pace of phasing out CFCs at the expense of 
our health and environmental integrity. 

• r will fight for restricted air quality standards based on the POLLUTER 
PA YS PRINCIPLE. This includes the implementation of a CARBON TAX 
that makes pollution a financial liability and also setting strict mandales for 
C02 reductions. meeting specified levels by prescribed limes. 

A SANE MAnONA! ENERGY PlAN 
• I support ENERGY EFFICIENCY as Ihe cornerstone of a National Energy 

Plan. EPA statistics state that the U.S. can meet up to 50% of its electrical 
needs by implementing a comprehensive efficiency plan using exi ting 
technology. Energy efficiency SAVES MONEY and CREATES JOBS. 

• I will promote and support CLEAN and RENEWABLE ENERGIES 
including SOLAR, WIND and BID-MASS energy production. The govern-
ment needs to stop upporting environmental destruction and end its subsidies 
of die oil and nuclear indusuies. 1My deft', need ,he tu~rs heJp, 
I will oppose the building and licensing of any NEW NUCLEAR POWER 
PLANTS until we have dealt safely with our existing radioactive legacy. 

TOXIC USE REDUCnON 
• We need to provide incentives for industry 10 reduce and eliminate toxic 

discharge and production. Building new landfills and toxic incinerators i not 
the solution-they merely provide an incentive for the continued production 
of toxics. Eliminating toxics at Iheir source, in the factories is the only ·afe 
alternative. 

OLD GROWTH FORESTS AND RAINFORESTS 
I will fight for the preservation and protection of old growth forests and 
rainforests. We cannot abuse this resource any longer and r will work 10 BAN 
CLEAR CUTTING and to end federal subsidies for the loggi ng industries. 

HALF OF THE PEOPLE 
Will READ THIS AD 

WON 1 GET INTO 
LAW SCHOll.. 

Here· s a surprise tesl 01 your molh s ills access to our computers and study programs 
Divide 95 000 low school oppliconls inlo Plus, \\€ offer Ihe iwodoylSAT Intensrve·Sludy 
44 000 openings aw you realize why II'S Clinic Ihe losl week be are Ihe e~om 
so Importon 10 10 e the Ron In lSAT Reserve your p10ce In our [SAT course by 
Preparalron course Nay 15 and 'I\o€'lllnciude !he $225 dnlC for 

FIISI you'llla e a free diognosllc tesl Then free Call on In lodoy and find out how the 
we'll work wllh you in beNet hc'f gels inlo Ihe 

:~~s ~:s~:~~;d RONKlN.GET IN: ~~:c:chool of thell 
lSAT·GMAr·GRE·MCAT· TEST PREPARATION AND APPLICATION ASSISfANCE 

THE OFFER: RESERVE BY MAY 15. SAVE $225. 
San Diego 587-8600 

... 



10 NEWS 

BUDGET 
ContInued from paCe 7 
legislature is still undecided on next 
year' budget. 

While he said the assembly has 
included a bill which would require 
a limitation of the fee increase to 10 
percent, he said the senate has no 
such ruisurance in ilS version of the 
budget. 

Butterfield said the 10 percent 
limit, nonnally not enforceable 

against the UC Regents, would work. 
because it would reduce the alloca-
tion from the state for the UC iffees 
are raised more than 10 percent. 

". think we have a bener shot [at 
limiting fees] on the assembly side 
than on the senate," Bunerfield said 
of future budget options. 

Edson said pre sure from the stu-
dent and state legislators has al-
ready forced the regenl~ to propose 
a I 6 percent fee increase rather than 
the proposed 24 percent. 

The UCSD Guardian 

To accomplish thi cut, the re-
gents would increase fees for pro-
fes ional school students by an ad-
ditional $ I ,000, increase fees for 
medical tudents by $ I ,500and raise 
the in-state fee residency require-
ment from one to three years. 

Such teps to reduce general fee 
increase have been credited to the 
pre ure on the regents. "It shows 
that tudents have been effective. 
Even the mo t misguided prote t 
can make a difference." Edson said. 

REGISTERED UNDERGRADS AND POST DOC'S FIND 
"COVER YOUR BOD" 

WITH 
SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 
Student Premium- $128.00 
Spouse- $ 210.00 
Children- $142.00 

(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center. 0039 • 534-21 23 

Roommates 
Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 
Dealll 

Rentals 
Stereos 

Surfboards 
Auto Rtpair 

Sales 
Jobs 

Computers 
and more in 

TlleGu..uan 
upstairs in the 

Student Center. 
above the 

General Store. 

r NAIL SPECIALS ~ 
ACRYLIC $18.99 
NAI LS Reg. $35 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

• FREE PRE 

Thursday, April 23. 1992 

ATIENTION SENIORS 
We need Sales Representatives 

Sign up for oo-campus interviews 
now for MAY 4 

Astro Office Products Inc. is a rapidly growing sales 
subsidiary of CANON U.S.A. Strong customer demand 
has created exciting career opportunities in state-of-
the-art electronic office equipment sales. We are look-
ing for sales reps for our Copier, Facsimile, and Informa-
tion Management product areas. Positions are available 
in Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernadino, and Riverside 
counties. 

Backed by CANON'S large company strengths , you'll be 
responsible for setting strategies and pursuing direct 
sales opportunities. We offer an excellent training pr~ 
gram, salary plus commission, auto allowances, medi-
cal, dental, and life insurance along with 40lK, profit 
sharing plans, and a company gym. 

If you are a graduating senior or have a Bachelor's 
degree, sales or related experience, please sign up with 
us at the Career Center for on-campus interviews, or 
send a resume to: . 

Canon 

Y TE6TI 

EmploymeDt aod Staffiog 
A5tro Office Products, IDc. 
110 W. Walnut St., Gardena, CA 90248 

Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

1tai14 4 fJ~ MEN AND WOMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

• Prq)nancy Terminalion 
8encr I/local anesthesia 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
L Not valtd With any other otIers Ex-puss 511/92 .J 
--------------------

THE UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO SCHOOL 
OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 

Invites you to join faculty, students and alumni at an 
Information Program and Reception to learn about 

our Graduate Programs. 

T Master of Business Administration - MBA 
·Venture Management 
·Procurement Management 
• Prograrn/project Management 

T Master of International Business - MIB 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 6:00-7:30 p.m. 
Hahn University Center - Forum A 

FOR INFORMATION CALL: (619) 260·4524 

• Afford ble tJirLh onlral 
• on ftdenliBI (15 Personal 

<=> °'0 5 -= 
(67.9) .5.3.5-7.37.9 

A 
WELCOMES 

SIX FLAGS 
JllAGIC MOUNTAlN_ * FUN DAYS * APRIL 4 - 19, 25, 26 
Mombor of the sue lI'\..Aoa 'arTllly of 

Thetne P.r'ka 

MAY 2, 3, 9, 10, 16, 17, 22 - 25 

SAVE 
$11.55 

Nil ___ USE TICIlET 

TIC""" MU_T ee: PUItC;HA •• D ... 
ADYANe. AND ,,"'. YAUO AHY ON-. 

Of' THe ABOve DA~" 

NI!W COASTER FOR '82 

P ... RK OPRNa 1 ChOO .... M. 
Loc_t_ :ztI __ .... t •• North of HolI~oocI oft I_II 

a.x PLA. ...... The Thrilling &It __ tl_ 

SAVE 
NEARLY 
500/0 

.... BE •• USE TICKETS 

Don't mi •• the .. f.vorlt •• -
VIPER * TIDAL WAVE 

LOG .JAMMER * COLOSSUS 
FREEFALL * NIN.JA 

REVOLUTION * ROARING RAPIDS 
FOR TICKETS CONTACT: 

UCSD Box Office 
Price Center 

534-&467 

Thunday. April 23, 1992 

SCORE 
CARD 

The Ever-Amazing 
World of Sports 
I AND lllAT I AM CONSTANTLY amazed at the world of profess ional sports. 

Each moming I open the 
newspaper and am able to read 
something more outrageous about 
athletes and their goings-on than 
the day before. 

I keep thinking that, after a 
while, I'll get to a point when it 
will stop. I keep thinking thai after 
reading it alII won't be surprised 
anymore. 

Yet each day.without fail. I 
find myself staring at bold pages 
in mind-boggling disbelief. 
Yesterday, of course, was no 
exception. 

As fate would have it, I found 
myself unable to grab my early-
moming copy of the Los Angeles 
Times and was forced to settle for 
the Sail Francisco Chronicle, as it 
seemed to be the only piece of 
sports literature sitting around the 
Guardian office. I hesitate to call 
the Chronicle a newspaper, but 
that 's for another column. 

• have this habit of quickly 
rifling through the paper to see 
whal might catch my eye before 
reading the boxscores. 

I CHANCED UPON an anicle on Willie (the paper called him 
"Bill") Shoemaker and knew 
instantly that I would not be 
disappointed in my never-ending 
quest for a tory with more 
audacity than the one before it. I 
was right. 

It seem the legendary jockey 
has filed a lawsuit with the state 
of California. 

Shoemaker is claiming that the 
stale is responsible for the 
automobile accident which left 
him paralyzed last year. 

The jockey, whose car plunged 
down a 5O--foot embankment near 
Los Angeles, is charging that the 
state failed to post wamings of 
hazardous road condition or 
install guard rails along the stretch 
of highway on which he was 
traveling. He is asking for $20 
million. 

11 seems the Chronicle, in its 
never ending quest for objective 
journalism, neglected to mention 
the fact, however, that Shoemaker 
was legally intoxicated at the time 
of the accident. 

He was sauced, sloshed, 
snookered ... take your pick of 
any or all. 

YET DOES HE think himself even remotely responsible? 
No, the stale is. 

Don't you hate it when those 
pesky fellows from Cal Trans 
forget to install those "No Driving 
Along This Road While Blasted" 
signs? 

The sad thing is, he'll probably 
win. 

Now don't get me wrong. I'm 
nOC trying to make light of drinking 
and driving or of Shoemaker's situ-

See CARD, Page 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Sue MapeSiGuaraan 
Melissa Mazanet takes a swing during Tuesday's doubleheader. Mazanet scored twice and had one RBI. 

11 SPORTS 

Softball 
Walks to 
Victory 
• Mounger tosse one-
hitter in doubleheader; 
Triton win 10-3,9-2 
By Gregg Wrenn 
ASSOCiate Sports Editor 

To put it nicely. Tuesday 's 
doublehe;tder between the UCSD 
softball team ;tnd Point Lorna 
Nazarene College was not a thing of 
beauty. It was. however. two more 
wins for the Triton (21-17) who 
need every win they get. no mailer 
what it lool..s like. to keep thei r 
hopes for the playoff~ alive. UCSD 
tnunpled the NAIA Crusaders 10-3 
in the opener and then 9-2 in the 
nightcap. in what ~eemed to be a 
contest between Point Loma pitch-
ers as to who could miss the strike 
zone by the 11l0~1. 

The first game started out with 
Lacie Mounger pitching forthe Tri-
tons. Moungerdidn't have the best 
of , tarts, giving up two walks and 
being hurt by an error. By the time 
the Tritons had picked up the third 
out. the Crusaders had a 2-0 lead in 
t he top of the fi rst. 

The Tritons picked up one run of 
their own in the bouom of the fir.-t. 

See SOFTBALL, Page 15 

-Tritons Take to Greens for Tourney Victory 
• UCSD battles tough The Tritons' 588 total- 290 on 
Division I and II foes; the first 18 and 298 in the second 

round-was five strokes betterthan 
comes out with second-place Grand Canyon. giv-
impressive results ing them theirfirst-ever victory over 

that school. The Tritons also beat 
By Chris Regnier UC Irvine forthe first time. burying 
Senior Staff Writer the Anteat.ers by I I strokes. 

The UCSD golf team has fallen And how about one more first: 
into a routine this year: tearing up the Tritons' win was their first ever 
golf courses and setting school against Division I and II competi-
records. Monday, the Tritons shot tion combined in one match. 
their lowest 36-hole total ever, en Pete Robens was the medalist 
route to a first-place finish at the for the Tritons, shooting a com-
Point Lomalnvitational in EI Cajon. bined 146 for the day. Roberts shot 

Sluggers Take Two 
• Baseball beats 
Occidental and Cal Tech 
on Tuesday as split 
squads combine for 28 
runs in slugfest 
By Ben Blln 
Staff Writer 

Despite being outmanned on both 
baseball diamonds Tuesday, the 
Triton hardballers came away from 
their first split-squad action with 
two wins, combining for 28 runs 
and 29 hits. 

UCSD(21-6-1) routed Occiden-
tal I3-S with a veteran squad while 
the youngsters dismantled Cal Tech 
15-3. Tuesday's Triton sweep re-
versed UCSD's recent slide, in 
which the clubbers had dropped 
three of their last four contests. 

"We're making a stretch drive 
here in April," said Head Coach 
Lyle Yates, "so I never would have 
cheduled a pi it-squad double-

header if. [weren't) confident we 
could sweep." 

In Occidental, the hungry Triton 
bats wasted no time ingeningon the 
scoreboard. UCSD registered four 
runs in the first inning and added 
four more in the second for good 
measure. 

The batsmen hammered out 18 
hits during the game and capitalized 
on the stumbling Tiger defense, 
which committed five errors. 

Marcos Magdalenocontinued his 
power surge since recovering from 
an arm injury, belling his second 
home run of the season. The junior 
designated hitter also doubled and 
singled, driving home four runs in 
the game. 

David Blum roped three hits and 
chased home three runs. while Ernie 
Isola went 3-6 with a pair of doubles 
and two RBI. 

Brent Hansen kept the Tigerslug-
gers at bay through five innings, as 

See BASEBAU, Page 15 

a par-72 on the first 18 holes on the Stottem. who posted a 76 and a 74 
Ivanhoe course at Rancho San Di- for a I SO total. 
ego. He then came up with a three- Jeremy Moe c1o&cd out the top 
over-par 74 on the par-71 Monte fiveforUCSDwitha 152total. Moe 
Vista course. posted a 73 the fi rst time around, 

Tom Brown finished one stroke and a 79 the ~econd. 
behind Robens with a 147 total. The win kept the Tritons' perfect 
Brown hot a two-under-par 70 on sea~on going at 14-0. 
the Ivanhoe course, and then Next up for UCSD is a four-way 
slumped with a six-over-par 77 on match tomorrow at Torrey Pines 
the Monte Vista greens. South. The Tritons will match c1ub~ 

Dale Abraham took third for in their regular season finale with 
UCSD with a 148. Abraham regis- the University of Redlands. Cal State 
tered a 75 and 73 for the day. San Bernardino and Cal State 

Fourth for the Tritons was Matt Dominguez Hills. 

COOdI NguytnlGuani'.t? 
Brent Hansen went five innings with eight strikeouts against Occidental. 

. 1 

. , 



\ 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
N'f'AREl ZOt£OesiglWIaJeIs lor 5O-9O%c:G1 
8250 Carma S<wlIa Fe. 4SC).3323. (~4) 

Summer OlymplcS/Balcelona: 3 BR apl. 
Corwenoeody Jocated. renVshare ..u1y.Sept.. 
moderate. Info Dan 272-5886. (4113-4123) 
DIIMNIion WorUhops. Complete your 
dissertation . For wrillen Information or 
scheduing. cal 692-0966. Poslgraduale group. 
(3130-614) 

ASIC) INTERNSHIPSI SulTY1l8tltal positions. 
All application materials doe Friday. 4/24. PC 
3rd floor. 3.303. ~. (4120-4123) 

II1BmalICtlaI CaIe IM!t)I Friday. t1:3().t:30at the 
1rtsmaIionaI~. MaklI ~ friends, enjoy 
~ rneru eadl week. All Amencan md fore9t 
students md S1aIf welcome. Oriy S2. (4IZl-f>'4) 
A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE IS Iooklng for six 
new dw8CIOfS lor 1992-1993. Paid posIUOnS. 
ReqUires responSibili ty , dedication . 
professionalism. good Interpersonal skills. 
leadership and admil1lstralive ability to hrsI 
week. deadhne Monday 4127 534· 
4689. 

The e 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
rece ion-bu ting, UCSD 

exclu ive bargains. 
Thank for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 

UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry·s ................ 587 -3680 
B,rs Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456-1579 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Heid,'s ........... ............... 450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .456-BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deltv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai CUisine ....... 456-2063 
Stratford CoHee House 481 ·8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Aul0 ............. 695·1 990 
Robert's ....................... 275-1 132 
Tom's .......................... .450·9494 
Suspension Plus ........ 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457 -3384 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
We Care Hair ............... 587·CUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................... 455·0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1 858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Royalty Nalls .............. 483-6188 

UCSD HEALTH Be FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............ 277 -8255 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Classical Eye .. ............. 452·7374 
UC Cyclery ............. ... ... 452·8842 
Dr. McDonald, Opt. ...... 279-5858 
Or. Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 459·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ........ ..... .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-OGj"O 
UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Stor ..... 453-0511 
Miramar at Cabot ......... 549-0500 

UCSD ETC. 
Audiofile ....................... 459-FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Stanley Kaplan .......... ... 277-6744 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ........... .... 450-9291 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587·8600 
Video Gallery ....... ........ 452-1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578-5745 
St. Germain's ........... .... 455-1 414 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in J5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
sludents (for personal use only), $3 for/acuIty and staff. and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required: there/ore, ads must be maifed with a heck (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue. and 3 p.m. MOlldayfor Tlwrsday's issue. The Guardian resen'e the 
right to refuse any advertising including bur not limited to companiollship ads. For 
more ill/ormatioll caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lalolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Srudefll CellIer A,lOpfloor. 

WARRENIEGYPTIAN STVLEHOUSEI 
Tomorrow Irom 10 p.m .' 1 a.m. in the Warren 
Commons - Free 10 everyone (4123) 

JET TO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SUMMER. 
jusl $269 wllh AIRHITCH(r) (no asleflsks 
and no restrictions - can be one·way or 
eacI1 wayl)asdeSCnbed III Consumer Repor1s 
& Harvrud 'LeI's Go Europe' guide For 
printed program description & reg forms. call 
800-397-1098. (4123-614) 

SERVICES 
Word ProcessinglTyplng: Academic 
manuscripts. papers . theses . lellers. 
resumes. AccurateiFast seMCe. Mary Ann 
452-9439. (3130-4.00) 
GRADWEEK·PUERTOVALLARTA-8days. 
roundtr1> air. beachlrontho1e1. taxes. translers 
paid. GAP TRAVEL 492-8479. (4/20-517) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you wait Xeroxes and more. 
Near SI. Germain·s. 452-9949. (9123-614) 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies evaluat· 
ing medications are available to 
people 18 or older suffering from 
depression. Symptoms include sad· 
ness, fatigue, loss of interest in 
daily activities, changes in sleep 
and weight, hopele8sneu, and 
indecision . Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free medication, lab 
tesls. physicals and psychiatric 
evaluation • . Small travel pay· 
ment offered. Call for a confi· 
dential evaluation. 

[J{]aa = 554-0100 

TYP'''Il servlC8. term papers. etc. Editing 
aYaJlable. QuICk turnaround. low rates. 287-
4456. (419-4127) 

Pruvane!l's Skin Care - Facials. waxing. lash 
Unts. permanent eye~ner 10% OFF With ad. 
ArtJficlai and Natural nads. manICUre and 
pedicures by Ashley. 10% OFF WIth ad. Natural 
natls & pedicures by Rebecca. 10% OFF WIIt1 
ad . Call lor appointment. Tangles Salon . 
RenaISSiIIlC8 Centre. 552-1174. (3J20.f>'4) 
TLC TYPING. -Word processing With Care.-
Reports. Papers. Resumes. Forms. LaserJet 
prinler Siudent rates. 279-0309. (4113-517) 
VIOLINNIOLA LESSONS. You or your 
child(ren) can leam from an experienced. 
prolesslonal teacher. Now accepting students 
- all ages and levels welcome. Call Conrad: 
552·0494. (3130-614) 
Olga BaJi- Electrologist: 12OOto 1500 hairs 
per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. 558-46441226-1962. (3130·614) 
FINANCING A HIGHER EDUCATlON. Call 
1 -800-944-0066 x9872 for free Inlo-pac. No 
obligation. (3130-4123) 
COMPUTER RENTAL SPECIALI Complete 
IBM compatible computer system wkh 30MB 
Hard Olive and software. Free setup and 
delivery .• S50 per month . Davidson 
Communications - 465-9004. (412-1123) 
NUDtST East Asia TrlMII g..ide. $9 cash. T. 
~P088714-TRAG.La Jola9al38. (4I23) 

Piano Si"lling. guitar lessons. at home or at 
our studios. All levels and styles. (800) 227-
6222. (4116-5111) 
WORD PROCESSING. reports. telm papers. 
essays. etc .• lor quality typing at reasonable 
rates call 792-9690. (4116-4123) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost - small green Chinese silk bag 
containl"lliewelry (necklace. bracelet. watch. 
ring earrings). Par1<ing wea 0" Osler. near 
intemal medicine on 4116192. Tremendous 
sentimentalvafue. REWARD FOR RETURN. 
(71 4) 55t-0978 (41234127) 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

7044 Flanders Drive 

SPECIALS! 
THIRD MONTH 

FREE 
witl1 student 1.0 . 

Call about 
FREE TRUCK 

(U==L ) 
./ All GROUND flOOR UNITS 
"" NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 
"" NEW, CLEAN, SECURE 
"" HILTON QUAUTY AT MOTEL 6 PRICES 
"" CAll FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

453-0511 

Craig - Did you lose your bracelet? 458-
5921 - John. (4123-4127) 

FOR SALE 
30-gaJlon tank for sale with all accessories 
and stand. 558·0028. $120 (4120-4123) 
Pme bc.I<8t lor sale. SF 10 SO..uno 71eaWlg 8:55 
p.m., $35. Comac! ROt@ 792-9t78. (41204127) 

2 Nakamichi 6' speakers $125 abo. ADS 8' 
speakers $75 obo. Alpine 80 wan amplifier 
S50 abo. Call Chns 792-1232. (4120-4130) 
T n.d< lor sale - I rrust sal my 1964 MazDa B-
2000 ~ truc:k. It's a dean. reliable vehide. S-
speed with low miles. maintainanoe records 
avaI<tlIe. S25OOdlo. Cal 292-8462. (41204127) 

..... l8nsur1bolird& Vlctort tlMnnocomp 
• .. ult with board cover - $120. MONr 
It.II." racing bike wi campagrolo 
components & Integra 500 pedals - S I 00. 
Call Randy: 792-OOS 1. (4I2O-Sl4) 
Futln and trame $ 100. Full size matr9SS set 
$65. Bunk bed complete. $159. can deMf. 
222-4 n 1 (4J6-4I3O) 

1988 Honda Elite 80 scooter. Pasl<.ing pem1t 
SIXfrack. NeedsWOf1t. $300. CalIJenniler546-
1856. (4116-4123) 
'84 Honda motorcycle. CB 125. Runs great and 
looks brand newl Plus full lace helmel $600 
obo. DaysrEves 457-341 O. (4116-4130) 
45 MByle Removable Hard Disk with exira 
caJtridges. USE with IBMlMACINEXT. 20 ms 
access,S 114-aluminum platters. Brand name, 
Industry standard-SyOuestType- sell alar 
part Mark 452,;]759. (4116-4123) 
Tdets to o-Jarn. Aprit 24 at Star1ight Bowl. 
Bestoffer. Call 272-2099 or page 984-5602. (41 
16-4123) 
1973 Cadillac EI Dorado. Excellent condition. 
Alpower. Newbres. cruise, air, stereo. $1350 
obo. 272-4743. (4123) 

Spmg is here - ride to school! Ten speed $45 
abo. Mou-ttain bile. guat cond. S220. (4I23-4IZ7) 

Bean Futons 
lags 4 $, 7ts~ Less 

WHOlf~ 
PRICES 

High-end 
fubns at 

MlWJFAClVRfR low low 
~'\- NIIU'T ' !!....., '. ·~IJII\C\.I prices 
,~, lUll ........ 

, AWAIUUII 

fIfDIs for less 
nelu.laa" 
8266 MIramar Rd. 

5JlS.5745 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 

TRA VEUNG EUROPE? North Face Internal 
lrame backpack. Perfect condition. S' 25 abo. 
Chns48l-4t27. (4123) 
76 Toyota Corona wagon. blue. goodoondlUon, 
$900 obo. Stew 587-6784. (4123-4127) 

Wh~ewater Kayak-Aquaterra Mystic. With 
sprayskirt. Fun in surf or bay. $375. 277-
OBOB . (4123) 

~uter,IBM oompatible. unused. monllor. 
keyboard, printer. paper, manuals, floppies. 
Great lor papersl $499. 259-8217. (4123-41 
30) 
Japanese/Chinese china and plates lorsa/e. 
CheapI452-2699. (4123-4130) 
Beat the par1(ing hassle! Honda Elite 250. 
1985 model. Top speed approx: 75 mph . 
fr_ay legal. Seiling lor $995. bought ij lor 
2300 in '85. Call 583-2986. (4123-4130) 

WANTED 
Roommate for Spring Quarterwanted. Share 
bedroom with neat & considera te roommate. 
Possibility of having a single. $2501mo. (Price 
negotiable). Solana Beach. 2 min. walk to 
beach. Contact Randy: 792-0081. (3130-41 
27) 
Weekend tutor needed for Social Science 
60. Pays St 0-20 per hour. Leave your name 
and phone number al (619) 4662319. (4120-
4127) 
Profitable international marlleting company 
looking lor ambitious people 10 expand with. 
For information caJ159H659. (4120-4130) 
Anyone who attended WOODSTOCK MUSIC 
FESTIVAL t969 . Please call Joel for 
IntBfView. (619) 587·2756. (4120-4130) 
I want your thesis or manuscript lor possible 
publication in my book. 541 -2434. (4120-41 
23) 

1992-93 Volunteer Connection paid stalf 
positions open I Apply 3rd floor Price Center 
or call 534·1414. (4116-4123) 
Piano voice and guitar teachers part ume. 
Highest rates paid. 944·5199. (4I16-SlII) 
CASnNG FOR A VIDEO. Models or model 
types. slim to curvy, good lace. dependable. 
lIexible hours. opportunity. Call 284-5095. 
WI Barbara West. Palomar College/City 
College. (4123-4130) 
Intern wanted for real estateJIegal service 
lirm. Non·paying. Call Tim Cassidy at 275-
2525. (41t3-4/23) 

STEREO SYSTEM. Should be in good 
wOrlling condijion. No tumtable please. Call 
Desai at 587-0951 . (4123) 

HOUSING 
Roommate Wanted I $425 for beautiful. 
executive bayvl_ horne in Bay Park. 4 
bedroom12 ba. Andrea/Kelly 275-2525. (4/ 
13-4123) 
Graduate student - own room - suite, 
shBle with same - available now + summer. 
No smokinl)'aIcohol. 452-0939. (412D-4123) 

USED 
LEVIS 

New, leather 

BIKER' 
JACKETS 

from $99 
UIIQUI YIn.G. 
- Retro thru 21 sl Century-

Hawaiian • Milital)' •. 
Flower Power • Cool shades & 

T-shirts 
comaus 

'&tl a&II'1 
487' Newport A ....... 0 .• . 222-0220 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 

Room for rent in 3BR house In Clairemont 
Mesa. Washer/dryer. garage. lenced 
backyard. $315 + 113 utilities. "I<,.e in ASAP 
467-0345. Paid until May. (4120-4130) 
Desperately seeking roommate. to snBle a 2 
story townhouse in Clairemont 15 min. from 
UCSD. S275 + 113 utilities. Must be dean. 
considerate and responsible. Non·smoker. 
Call ASAP 292-8462. (4120-4127) 
ROOMMATE WANTEDI Bnght apartment 
neBl UCSDlbusline. Laundry. underground 
parlling. weightroom. $425 • utilities. Brandy 
457-5233. (4120-4123) 
ShBle 3BR house Crown PoinVPacific Beach 
wi male Pol, Sci gradl\awyer and lemale 
businessperson. Relaxed. fnrl environs. but 
no indoor smoking .$360 • 113 utilities . 
Immedlalo occupancy. 272·5686. (4120-4/ 
27) 
Summer rental. own bedroom, large lour 
bedroom house. 8 minutes campus. 5250 + 
114 utilites. (619) 272-8802. (4120-4123) 
For rent 2BR. 2 BA. 1150 sq. fl. condo. 
8365A Summerdale ROad. Mira Mesa. $860. 
available June 1: 454·6462. (4120-4123) 
For rent: 4BR. 2 112 BA 2000 sq. It. condo. 
9850 Kimpar!< Way . T,errasanta : $1325. 
available June 1; 454-6462. (4120-4123) 
Two fun and responsible guys looking lor 2 
people with same qualities 10 shrue master 
bedroom in La Jolla during summer and next 
yearlor$300fperson . 558-1360. Eric or Kevin 
(4120-514) 

Want to make money while you are out 01 
town this summer? Rent your house , 
apartment or part thereof to responsible law 
students who will be clerking al Sell2er 
Caplan Wilkins & McMahon in San Diego. 
Please call 685-3164 for further inlormation. 
(4/13-614) 
For rent: Townhouse - near bus line. UTC. 
washerldryer. dishwasher. t 112 baths. pool . 
3 bedrooms. Owner not bothersome and 
very quick to fix things. Call 587 -9261 . Leave 
message. (4116-4130) 
La Jolla W of 1-5 near UCSD. Unfumlfurn 
sunny 1 br and studio apts from $590. 24-
hour security. patioSibaiconies. BBOs. By 
Trader Joe·s. bus stop. shopping. 452-8850. 
(4/16-4130) 
3 bedroom condo off Eastgate Mall available 
September 1. Washerldryer. pool . Call Nina 
792-6453. (4/16-4127) 

WANTED: 2 roommates for Solana Beach 
House. Approx. $350. Available May 1st. Mel 
or Katen 792-7459(792-8874. (4123-4/27) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE needed for Summer 
Session II. Own lurnisned bedroom. Call 
457-4621. (4123) 
Rooms lor rent. Clairemont close UCSDI 
Mesa College. $3501month. non·smoker, wi 
utitities. $1501dep. 581 ·2249. (4123) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Fir SUrTV'n9r MaJ1<etinglSales Assistant. Mac 
experienc&'strong communJcation skiJlsdesired. 
$5.5Oh". Jenniler 457-9882. (4113-4130) 
POSTALJOBSAVAILABLE!Manyposilions. 
Great beneltts. Call (805) 682-7555. Ext p . 
3387 . (412-4127) 
Being fit is hiring experienced aerobic 
teachers lor ClaJremont location . Call Lenny 
483-9294. (4120-514) 
LlFEGUARDISWIM INSTRUCTORS. $7.291 
hr. AViliiabie now thru summer. Poway School 
Dist"ct. Requires: WSI . 1st Ald. CPR. LGT. 
Call 679·2545 .. 8-5. M·F. (4120-4130) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HIRING - Earn 
$2.000ilmonth + world travel (Hawilil. MexICO. 
theCarribean. etc.). Holiday. summerand career 
employment available. No experience 
neces5al)'. For employment program callI · 
206-545-4155 ext C450. (3130-614) 

EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER OPPOR-TUNfTY 
- Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrslNYC) 
oounselorlspecialist pclSitions- aliland'Water 
sports. camping. computers. A&C. radio . 
Write us at 55 Channel Dr ive . Port 
Washington. NY 11050orcaJI516-883-3067. 
(2127-4130) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
cruiseships. Students also needed Christmas. 
Spring and Summer for Amusement Parll 
employment. Call (805) 682-7555. Ext. F· 
3147. (412-4127) 
National marketing lirm seeks all students 
and student or,ganizations interested in 
eaming $500-$ t 500 for one weekon-campus 
project. Call Melanie about this fun and easy 
programatl -BOO-592-2 121 xl23orLorixl54. 
(4116-4127) 
LAWCLERKISECRETARY -Accuratelyping. 
good phone skils. detail-oriented. Flexible hours. 
oHico open 6-5:30. $5.25 per hour. Call lor 
interview- 560-8405. (4116-4127) 

EASTPAK ~ 
~ 99.99 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eycs to blue 

·Includes: CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 
Brand include B&L, Cooper, Wl, 
Paraperm, Boston. 

(OJI .. upira JI4192/ 
CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmont Mesa Blvd. 

• S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llt~ Ir.c.r. 
• It ••• o ... bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri . 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

The UCSD Guardian CLASSIFIEDS 13 

PARTnME OR FULL nME. $1000-$30001 
month . We train you. Fun & exciting 
atmosphere. Help us help the planet's 
environment. Call lor appointment. 587-0985. 
(411 6-4123) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
ENViRONMENT.EARN$250Q.3500.NalionaI 
~ign positions to prornotecomprehensive 
recyding. pesticide relorm and curb global 
warming. AIIBII in 29 states and D.C. campus 
intvws 4126&29 and Slt3& 14. Call Jamie: 1· 
8O().75-EARTM. (4123-4127) 
Need part·tlme help with handicapped 9-
year old girl. Flexible hours . Light 
housekeeping. Call 259-7676. References 
required. Must have patience & compassion. 
(4123) 
END THE SEMESTER WITH A BANG! 
Student groups: Earn hundreds 01 dollars 
each day olfering Discover Card applications 
on campus. Last chancel 1-800-932-0528, 
ext. 99. (4123·5114) 
A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE IS looking for SIX 
new directors lor 1992-1993. Paid positions. 
Requires responsibil i ty . dedication . 
professionalism. good Inlerpersonal skills. 
leadership and admlnlSlratlve ability. 10 hrs! 
week. Application deadline Monday 4127. 
534-4689. (4123) 

PERSONALS 
Technology princess. Our true oolors are 
recorded: white-grey·brown-green ·red ·blu e· 
yellow. Listen. (4113-614) 
ERIC TOPPER or if you know where to lind 
him. call Jason 714-685·9304 concerning 
band. (4120-4127) 
YOU CAN HAVE WHITER. BRIGHTER 
TEETH NOWI Dentist supervised. 
permanently whitens. Safe and Simple. $300 
lor upper and lowerl reg. $495. Stan and 
Student payment plans available. Call today 
for more Information at 453-5525. (4/23-514) 

RITES OF PASSAGE of rites of passage or 
rites ... May 12. 1992. Indigo Gi~s . 1-800-
554 -3742. (4123-4127) 

Gripped by the fear? 

YEAR 
AHEAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $11 (rell.$25) 
Men $14 (reg . $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$50 Perm & HaircUl or Hishlighr & HaircLil 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEAS E CALL 

RUN FOR 
OFFICE 

Third College Student 
Council Elections 

Positions Open: 
Director of Programming 
Director of Finance 
Director of Communications, 
Student-at-Large (2) 

DO YOU 
HAVE ••• 

• Mononucleosis? 

• Measles? 

EARN$$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

(0 $)00 per week. 

Please call Wnlf .. klltr 10 the edlior. l.t:IIC,", -.hou ld ~ 
I~pcd. double· p3l'Cd. and tn lot ,m I.llk :I nJnle and 
II phone num~ Wnlcl"\ ..... 11 tx com.a.lcd IV \-cnfy 
fhelr Kknlltlc", Orop yoor klle,..., ;11 lhe Gliordlllll 
offi.:e"on Ike~l'OOd nooror lfk OhJ SludeRI C('n h:r. 
or \end lhem 10' 0 plnll.>n Editor. (;"IJrt./"m Y~fIIl 
Glln'll" Dt1\c " .'th. La JolI:.. CA '1!fNl ·UJlh We 

rc~rvr the n ~tn 10 c::dlt for Ien ~lh .. nd d ... rIIY 

MD LAIOHTORIES 

FIND 
Roommat.e5 

Tickets 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Steals 

Rentals 

Stereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitters 

Computers 

Tutors 
and more in 

The GlUll'dian 
Ciassifleds. 

Wbatdo 
]08 need? 

........... 

upstairs in tl1e 
Student Center, 

above the 
General Store. 

226·1733 

457·'oGo 
• Fine Chinese Cuisine 
• Freshly Made to Order 
• Delivered Free, to Your Door 

_mmrmm, 
I FRIDAY-SUNDAY I 
I Buy any entree at regular I 
I price and get a second one of I 
I the same or lesser value for I 
I $350 I I just I L __________ ~ 

• We Never Use MSG 
• Fortune Cookie and Steamed Rice 

FREE with every order 

WEEKDAYS 
: Mention this ad and get a 
I FREE EGGROLL & 
I FREE SOFT DRINK 
I 
I with any dinner entree 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L U N C H L __________ ..I 

Portions from just $3" COMING 
SOON 
PRIZES .. .. 
IN EVERY 
FORTUNE 
COOKIE! 

lOur Menu Includes: 
I Hot 'N Crispy Vegetcrian Sizzle 
I Pepper Steak Orange Peel 
I Chow Mein Kung Pao 
I La Mein Hot & Spicy 
I Beef & Broccoli Moo Goo Goi Pan 

Sweet & Sour Fried Rice 
Cashew Chicken 

OPEN 7 DAYS 11 om-) 0 pm CALL NOW! 
457·'000 
3211 Holiday Court 

off of Villo Lo Jolla (near Cal Copyl 

-" 

• 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian 

otNNUfOIt TWO AT 81's CHICAOO PIZUAIA. R • 
HEU·U' WU I.ECEIV£ A PIlU P1TCHEIt OF MOtEl.Oll 
DRAFrI£D,OII: SODA, AT BJ -S.lOCATED IN LAJOLL.A 
VIlJ.A.CE $QtJARL A un OF AU. WINJroIEAS WIU.. ae 
P'O!T1l) AT OJ 's EAOf, wEEJ( AND wIN US I'oIEEO TO 
HOw IQfXfFlCATH)fiI TO CL\IW N.IZES. 

This week's questions: 
l. Who will be the new head coach 
of the San Amonio Spurs? 

Thunday, April 23, 1992 

tenni player in the world? Jim 
Courier 
2. What is the name of Ohio's 
WLAF team? The Glory 
3. Who did the Gulls lose to in the 
first round of the lHL playoffs? 
Peoria Rivermen 
4. Who is the manager of the San 
Francisco Giants? Roger Craig 

$13 ECTION Mollcall.cenIfQle. SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
2. Who are the los Angelei Kings 
playing inthe first round of the NHL 
playoffs? 
3. Who was the first player picked 
in the 1991 NFL Draft? 

S. In what city did the Clippers 
franchise play when it last made the 
NBA Playoffs. Buffalo 
6. What i the mascot of the Uni-
versity of Minnesota? Golden Go-
phers 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier Sl. 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

Church &hool9 a.m. 
Worship 10 a.m. 

"Feel tbe Spirit' RadJo 
Broadcut KPR.Z (1210 AM) 

every Sunday, 9:30 · lO:OOam 

Dr. K.T. CaUoway. Pastor 

"A Church For People 
On tile Grow' 

..a-Year u.s. Summer 
Prol""" In GUADALAJARA 
offers Flexible Option. to 
meet Course Requlremenu 
IS well IS Personal Objec. 

tlves & Interesu. 
Come to Mexico for 

6 W .. ks Intensive Spanish 
Earn 8 Crediul 

or 

1 Weeks Intensive Spanish 
Earn" Crediu! 

or 

5 Weeks of Mexican 
History. Literature. Anthro-

pology. Political Science. 
Spanish Language at all levels 

& Bilingual Education 
Fop. INFOp.KIITION CONTACT: 
Guadalalara Summer 

School 
Mexican American 

Studies 
.. Research Center 

Douglass Bldg., Rm. 31 S 
The Unlvenlty of 

Arizona 
Tucson, AZ 85721 

(602) 621.755t 

OIL CHANGE 
up to 5 qts. of 011 $1295 
+ fi lter 15·pt 
servIce check 

TIMING $9500 BELT 
labor + parts 

Rules and Regulations: 
,SENDTHEumtYON""S I/2"n II"SHEETOf' 

P'AI'[l Al.OfooO ... mt y(X.rR NA~E. YEAR IN SC'HOOL. 
ttOt.tETOWN. C'OU...£GE YOU A~OAT UCSD. WA.lOl:. 
...... 0 f"HONE "'LMliO m : Itn EorTOll . UCSO 
G UARDI"" . 9500 G'L"A~ Do,v. 0316. LA JOI.LA. 
CA 9209J'()316. YOUCA ' ALSO 1l't0l' rrOff" TliE 
Sroon EIlfTOO's IIOX AT THE G UAItDIAN OA'ICf.. 
l1XATfD l~ntESn.OC""'Cf"fT1:l. ACROSS FRO\tTItf 
G'r't . 

4. What i the mascot of the Uni-
versity of Illinois? 
5. True or false : The Los Angeles 
Lakers made the 1992 NBA Play-
offs. 
6. Name the two boats in the 
America's Cup defender finals. 

7. True or fal e: Matt Young 
pitched the first no-hillerofthe 1992 • 
baseball season. False. 
8, Who won the 1992 John 
Wooden award? Christian 
Laettner 

W I, a M.la B I ¥d 
-Au U SO ST\.'O(H1'S. STAflT. ""0 FAC\lt.TY 

.... RE ELt<il IlU TO E,~. CUT FOA G ARDIA"" STAfF 
M[.\UlfJtS "'''0 E'-'PLOY[£.S OF BJ 's CIUCAOO P1zz£. 
IUA, 

7. Name the three owners of the 
CFL' Toronto Argonauts. 9. Who won the 1989 World Se-

rie ? Oakland A's 
* ~ 

'' It • • ,,,1 j 
-TIt E POl$C)ItoI WUO CO"IF.$ UP Wmt THE MOST 

C'OfI RECT " .... S ..... El5, AS Dt:TUMINW IV ntE J 
WILL III DECI.ARtD TItf ,RAND ""ZE .,..,. EK. A!'oO 
wR.L BE ItEC prr.;12ED ..... tI~ TIlE QUlZ IS PRINTED THE 
A)LU)WINO .... lU. iNllI EVe.,-OF A TIE. A DRA .... ,M) 
'ltU I[ uno TO oF'TlJll\i"E TIlE Vt '1\""u.. THOSE 

fCT EN'nJf.j l'«1T !§U-ECTED AS TIlE GItANO PRIZE 
'ltIXNO WILL IE CO/IoSIDOlID II: l.JlliJIII.EJU""" , . 

-o'lY O"iE [Jt(1'RV P£R PER5Of\1 Il'O QUIZ. No 
""'S.H"'mOUC'ED CN'T'R1I:.5 WILL at AC'Ct.P'TID. EJ..,n.tS 
MUST BE ATn! G UAMXAN IV MX>N W EDNESDAV. 

-THEOAAND 1"1tlZ£ W''IINE.a '-.11.1. IlECU\ E A FREE 

8. Who will the Lo Angeles Clip-
pers play in the first round of the 
1992 NBA Playoff ? 
9. Who is the current NL leader in 
triples? 
10. Who is the UCSD athletic di-
rector? 

Last week's questions: 
I. Who is the top-ranked men's 

10. Asof April 16, what is the record 
of the UCSD baseball team? 19-4-1 

This week's winner: Joel Dager, 
Muir, Sophomore, Biology, Palo 
Alto, CA. 

Runners.up: List of 13 posted at 
B1's 

CiO AIIEAn MAHE DR DAY. 
'owTh Far id i as nrar as 

your personal computer. 
schedul by the day, th week, the 
month or th whole year. 

That' right. t\ow you can gaze 
into your re n and savor a daily 
dose of d mentia straight from 
the mind of Gary Larson. 

You can plug in recurring 
events on a weekly, bi-weekly or 
monthly basi . 

Set audio alarms to keep from 
forgetting things. 

The Far Side Computer Calendar 
is avai lable at your dealer. 

While you're at it,you can or· 
ganize, view and print out your 

Til;., "l/fijl/tll'" r1/1II.~ I·'(/m,,~ 
mll'/~' .', 11111; (11' 11111/10 rI r,'II-/lid,T 

If il /1-', iIInk'.' IIIYl.WI· , 
kl '7' 1m,." "flf"/T 'ril"I"II 

And enjoy visits from a menag-
erie of animated characters that 
make random appearances on 
your cr en. 

So what do you do, 366 days 
from now, when you run ou of 
cartoon ? 

imple. Just load a r fill and 
get ready to laugh and scratch 
your way hrough another . ar. 

Or call1-SOO-367-4S02 Dept. CO. 
If we were you, we wouldn't 

wait another day.1Wo days, max_ 

l,,"klJ,jpal &IN,,,,, B '\lar( wr"puMO'v c"",,. 5,4 (lm,p' 41d F:qqf.md !/IU'IJ" 
£I, ·'·W iI<',/'Q'/' . ~,1I.~"I ,n, '1I'I1/'uon £1 F'ry5.I'n:ri, lf. rr.lIallanJ alld .o/Jrrrp/tJa £,\ 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 

SOFTBALL 
ContInued from page 11 
and Mounger, despite two more 
Triton error... held Poim Lomascore· 
less in the top of the econd. 

UCSDthen picked up ix runs in 
the !.eCond inning, helped in large 
part by the rusudeI'i' Erin Gaul. 
who eemcdtobethrowing withher 
eyes closed. Gaut gave up six walks. 
including live in a row. during the 
Tritons' 10-batter inning. Teri 
Zuniga and Sam Vaplon each had 
two RBl. Zuniga' single scored 
Faith Franke and Melissa Mazanet, 
then Vaplon brought Lisa Mora and 
Zuniga home. 

Mounger seemed un teady dur-
ing Ihe opening innings. but quickly 
settled down and pitched a m~ter­
ful game after the Cru aders picked 
up their last run of the contest in the 
third. The sophomore didn ' t allow a 
baserunner after that. retiring the 
next 12 in a row to end the game. 

The Tritons. meanwhile, picked 
up a run in the third, on (surprise. 
surprise), a walk to Mora which 
drove in Dianna Moreno. Emily 
Rubin drove in UCSD's final (Wo 
runs with a single in the fi fth that 
scored Mora and Fr.mke. 

All told, GaUl gave up 14 walks 
in the game. UCSD had six hits 
while Mounger held the Crusaders 
to only a single basehit. 

The second game featured Kim 
Stutzman. primarily a reliever this 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from page 1.1. 
the -enior ace bettered his record to 
8-0. Hansen struck out eight despite 
his limited action and fanned an 
unprecedented five consecutive Ti-
gers at one point. 

Southpaw Ryan Flanagan and 
senior Bryan Thomason chipped in -
two innings each to seal the 13-5 
Triton victory. 

Meanwhile the youngsters of the 
Triton organization had little diffi-
culty handling the Beavers from Cal 
Tech. 

Freshman third baseman Chris 
Miyake ripped a two-run blast in the 
tirst inning and finished the game 
with two hits and three RBI. 

Sophomore Josh Lawrence col-
lected three hits while juniors Pat 
Hart and Glenn Nahmias slapped 
two hits apiece. Nahmias sparked 
the fi ve-run second inning by strok-
ing a triple which brought around 
two runs. 

Kurt Luhrsen outdueled the Bea-
verclubbers through six innings, as 
the sophomore tandout improved 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sue 
Lisa Mora slides to make the catch against POint Lorna on Tuesday. 
season. starting for the Tritons 
agall1~t Poil1l Loma'), Robin Rebello. 

Point Lorna picked upupone run 
inlhe the fil':)t. but tutzman would 
hut them down after that. keeping 

them from coring until the sixth. 
The Triton hurler got plenty of 

support from the beginning. LlCSD 
jumped all over Rebello in the bot-
tom of the first, scoring four runs on 
two hilS and several botched fielder' s 
choice opportunities on the Crusad-
ers' part. The Triton ' scored four 
more in the fourth on four hits. 
Vaplon doubled in Zuniga. while 
StulZmanhelpedherselfwithasingle 
that scored Vaplon and Moreno. 

Defensively. the pitcher limited 
the Crusaders to five hits with four 
strikeouts and noeamed runs, while 

Sue MapeslGuwdlan 
David Blum had three hits for UCSD. 
his record to 2-2. The team's pri-
mary reliever did nOl yield a walk 
and struck out three in one of his rare 
starts. 

Freshmen Steve Height and Todd 
Horvath closed the door for Luhrsen, 
completing the 15-3 romp. 

UCSD plays at Point Lorna 
Nazarene College on Thursday be-
fore the 12th-ranked Tritons travel 
to The Master's for a doubleheader 
on Saturday . 

rea hing base every time she ww. at 
bat and roping three RBI. 

"[Stutzmanl pit 'hed excellently 
today." Ht:ao oa h Mdis:.a Jarrell 
said. " It wa~ her best outing of Ihe 
year." 

UCSD tini~hed the game \ ith 
nine hil~ and eight more walks. giv-

in~ the Point Lorna pitcher~ 22 free 
passes for the two games. 

De~pite the easy vi~ torie~. Ihe 
coach wasn 'I nverwhclmed with the 
Tritons' perfonnance. "We played 
we ll, but we 'restill making the:-ame 
mental mistakes we made on Ihe 
first day. But a win's a win and I'll 
take it." Jarrell !>aid. 

"We just went out and had fun 
and did what we had to do: ' 
Stutzman said. 

CARD 
Continued from page 11 
alion. It just ))eems lhal he i~ the 
latest in a long line of :lIhlcte~ who 
feel I hatthey ~omehow c.Ieserve spe-
cinl considemllon because of their 
profe!>sion. TIle names Jose Can~eco 
and Mike Tyson come to mind. 

But hey, I guess that's what 
makes the world of sport so excit-
ing. Who'o believe a story about a 
guy who didn't cheat on hiS wife 
and gave to charily, anywa, ? 

The Guardian 

Reed It. Or we'" break your knees. 

# 1 AND STILL CLIMBING 

RECORD BREAKING SERIES 
CONTINUES AT ... 

The Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Avenue, San DIego 
comer of Balboa &. Clairemont Dr. . (81')483-4113 
next to Lucky Market 
946o.G MIra Mesa 81., Mira Mesa (11t)l7HM4 
R!llph'S Shopping Ce;c.n=tec..,r --;;;;--_-=-~.------
675-8 No. Broadway, Esc:ondldo (81')74NHO 
Albertson'S Center at Broadway 
& Washington 

TM. , '", ........ FnterlaJMWol a._Inc. All rl9h1l"'erwd 

SPORTS 15 

FREE 
DOZEN 

Jlowers ~ .:7/ il' CARNAIIONS 
Co ta crde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

~.IO Diego LA 921 22 
558-6666 , II , pur" ~ 'nl "'lu\,rm'II\' \ .• \dllJ \\lIh im 11ft" ... Ikf 

ew Extended Hours! 

.. 
"" e l)(' lh"er 
\I orlll \I i<!<' 

Tonight, pril13, 10 p.m.-I a.m., and EllERY Thursda) 

$1 FREE 
BEER BREWERY 

Happy Hours TOURS 
Mon.·Thurs. Every Sal. & Sun. 

4·6 pm 1. 2& 3 pm 

K'\RL SlRAUSS ' Ow COLLMBIA BRmERY & GRIIJ. 
1157 {olumbia Slrrrt (at '8") lIo~nt()"n 

:! :I-l BRE\\ (:!7:19 \ • Opt'l! Il,til~ 
\nu' n Cd s ~I1I\' ~lllh • Sdn uu's.:U!\ hll(,!'rIt Be(' r!'l 

r----fr:'~n. UCSD ----: 
FLOWER BASKET 

-. F~~~rnE.~~~3Y* 
.-ow. deliver • $20 minimum purchasc • Within 5 mile radiUS or ca mpus 
worldwide" 

Exp sn·'9'1. 
Not \lahd Wlt.h 
My other offer 

as always, 10% ot=t= when you 
visit the store With your UCSD ID 

A I! I! 5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
~ Prompt dcloverv 7 days a week. Open dally 8 am· pm 



L6 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 23, 1992 

rHlS SATlIIDAYI 

SOnBALL aso/ApriI21 UCSD'S BEACH SPORTS FESTIVAL 
Tnm n.c. 
MEN'S MA 
1. Caplaon FogMters 2.o 
2. Smack 1.o 
3. SAE 2.o 
5 Not On IN Team 2.o 
6. Team PI Kapp I.o 
7. 4 Grand Sam 1.o 
8. SC 1·1 
9. Bo\1el H 
10 SIloc:iNes o.o 
11. "CIloke 1.0 
So many wanna·be s complamed Ii1aIIhe two-
lJ/ne champs _e raled 100 hogh thai we re· 
lented and pullhem al the botlom ollhe heap 
MEN'S 'AA' 
I P,mpon' A., I Easy 30 
2. A POIX Prophecy 20 
3 Dodgets Sud< 2.0 
4 Purpie HeImJ1 2.0 
5 Sf.ewCrew 2-0 
6 BaIS Quna Hel 20 
7 cant Seem 10 W,n 2-0 
8 ZBT 2-0 
9 Bemsha SW1Ilg 2·0 
10 Dorrlln3n1 Lelhals 20 

MEN'S 'A' 
i. Pus'2 Relnemenl 3 0 
2 Weekend Warnor~ 30 
3 HedgehOg Madness 2-0 
4 The Genune Oran 30 
5 Tappa KIllIQ3 Brew 2-0 
6 1·900Spanked 2-0 

Tum 
7. Peerlie HaIolosrs 
8 lil& l.Jmp 
9 Montsta17 
10 The FUflky Bunch 

COED 'M ' 
1 Surting Monkeys 
2 4 Men & A Harem 
3 Nom! 
4 Bog SbcI<s & Mat!< 
5 Deep Onve In The Gap 
6 Boobs N Balls 
7 lJq er Box 
8 Jobu Needs A Relli 
9 SCriPPS 
10 Snooters 

COED 'A' 
1 Feid Of Wei Dre3l1lS 
2 Smelt The Glove 
3 Tuogh Bei\ybunons 
4 Amboguous Frog 
5 YoMama 
6 Tree Huggets 
7 $1100 II In 
8 lJIloes Of The Field 
9 Beta Parldes 
10 Deep Theal 

WOMEN'S 
1 ChICI<S W<1h Balls 
2 Nobocti Cares 
3 We 8lJg BaIlS 
4 Boohazarlis 

Ree. 
2.o 
2.o 
2.o 
3.0 

2.o 
2.0 
2.0 
2.o 
2.o 
2.0 
2.0 
2.o 
0.0 
1.() 

3.o 
J.() 
2.o 
2.o 
30 
3.o 
2.0 
2.o 
20 
2.0 

1.0 
2.o 
2.o 
H 

,OTL 
CSD'~ 16th annual Collegiat 

Over-TIle-Llnc Toumament will 
once again tal.e place this 
Salurday. April :!5th al Mariner's 
Point in Miss i n Bay ParI.. 

Three per on team WIll be 
compellng In four different 
divislon~ (Mcn\, Wonlen 's, Coed. 
and Inter-Fraterni ty Council 
(lFC)) with linalt,t\ 111 each 
receiving an array of greal 
tournament J1ri/c~. 

Toumament ,tJrt tlln.: I' 
~chedukd for 8:30 am _harp. 

Entry fee of S21.00 per team 
"ill guaranlcC all OTL teams a 
nllnimurn of four preliminary 
round games. commcrnorati C 
Beach Sport Fc~t iva l Hats or 
Visor. and plenty of food and 

dnnl. to get you through the day. 
Entries arc till being tal-cn ror 

all divisions at the Canyonvicw 
I Rccreation Office. Oflicial Over-

The-Line Rules and direction to 
the 10umament site at Mariner' 
POint. Mi ,ion Bay Park are 
allached to all oflicaltoumam.:nt 
applications. 

BEACH 
VOLLEYBALL 

Two-man Beach Volleyball is 
back as the annual UCSD Beach 
Sports Fe tivaltoumanlCnt begins 

lhi ~ Saturday. 
There will be two divisions or 

Teams that cnler will get at Icast 
four prciim malches with top 
teams advancing to a singlc-
climination championship bracl.cl. 
Alltoumament participants will 
receive commemorative UCSD 
Beach Spons Hats or Visors in 
addi tion to greal prizes for thc 
winning team~. 

Toumament ~lar1 timc for Beach 
Volleyball i~ set for 9:30am. 
Saturday morning. April 25th. 

Tournament cntry ronns and 
directions to the toumament site at 
Mariner's Point. Mission Bay Park 

I arc still availablc althe 
Canyonvic\V Recreation Office 
Ihrough Friday aflemoon. 

BADMINTON 
(Bf's Rallkillgs Ihrouglr -1120) 
COEOAA 

COED VOLLEYBALL 
(Vidta Gal/ery's Rallkil/gs) I 
AU. 
I Up And Conw1g (5-11 FUTURE GAMES ON TAP I Smashed POlatoes (3-0, 24-0) 

2 Neural Nets (3.0. 2~) 
3 Please Don I SmaSh (3·0, 21·3) 
4 catCh The 8IId1e (2·1. 16-8) 

2 Squeaky Spmgs II (5-1) 
3 Graleful Meds (3.0) 
4 You',e Easy (4-2) 
5 Sun Sludge 13-0) 

In the next few weeks we have some great CMlas coming up In 1M softball. So, we thought It time to give 
some hype to these al~lmportant upcoming games: 

5 WackJng The a.,Oe (2·1.13· 11) 
COED A 
1 Racke1eers 13-0. 21 -3) 
2LJnle Mouse (3.0. 20·5) 
3 Atlauoss (3·0. 20-5) 
4 Worsemonton (2·0. 11-6) 
5 Bat MinIon (2·1, 14·10) 

ULTIMATE DISC 
Top Ten 
1 Jerry's KIds (2.01 
2 Sud< My o.sc (2.0) 
3 8lJdge H<rnmer (2.0) 
4 Fnsbee FlooZie (2.o) 
5 Dwarves (1.01 
6 RyJl9 Fucs (1.o) 
7 Pat!< My WheelCha.r (I.o) 
8 Laknlz Gels Some (1.o) 
9 Un's Bog Wet o.sc (1·1 t) 
10 Meow (1 .1) 

AA 
1 Sets On The Beach (S.o) 
2 SO.S. (6.o 
3 SolI Blocks (9-0) 
4 Team Landslide (6.o) 
5 BooShI (5-1) 
6 ream Asia (5-1) 
7 Sponge Cake 15-1) 
8 Club Rasla (5·1) 
9 rermnators (3-0) 
10 Safe SolS (5·1) 

A 
1 Enter SanOnan (9.0) 
2 Manny's Many (9-Q) 
3 I T adl Myself (9.0) 
4 SchwIng Quia Here (8-1) 
5 G.,ls o.g 0.... Balls (~) 
6 Lale To Elevate (6.o) 
7 AJ's Angels (5-1) 
8 DIg ThIS (5-1) 
9 Pride 01 Argo V (5·1) 
10 Butlheads (6-Q) 

MATCH-UPS 

1. SUICIDE BUn SQUEEZE 
2. LARRY'S LABIA lAPPERS 

3. LlLLlES OF THE FIELD 
4. HEAVENLY GLOVES 

5. DODGERS SUCK 
6. SPHINCTER PENETRATOR 

7. INSIGNIFICANT OTHERS 

8. WE LIKE BIG BATS 
9. DEEP DRIVE IN THE GAP 

10. PURPLE HELMUT 

11. SLIDE IT IN 

12. FtELD OF WET DREAMS 

I 13. BATIERED BALLS 
1 14. CANT SEEM TO SCORE 

15. BANANA STUDS 

OUTCOMI 

VS. ANAL BIRTH This game could be a stinker 
VS. lIQU'ER BOX Who will come thru? 
VS. STRAWBERRY FtELDS Obviously the best team In the field wins. 
VS. BATS OUTIA HELL Good over evil. 
VS, GIVE US CANDLESTICK Phil Gruen says the Giants wlll.wln. 
VS. BURYTHE BONE This one could be messy. 
VS. SLEEP TOGETHER Oh, what a bunch or jerks. 
VS. CHOKE Choke will gag on the Big Bats. 
VS. STICK IN DA HO This should be a fun game to watch. 
VS. SHORT FOR RICHARD Bunch ot dicks. 
VS. IN-N'-OUT Wet fields could be a problem. 
VS. THE NATURALS Build It and Redford will come. 
VS. LICK MY BAG This one will be below the belt. 
VS. WHEN DO WE WIN This could end up a 0-0 tie. 
VS. STUMPY APPENDAGES The studs embarrass the Stumpy's. SUNGOD OUTDOORBASKETBAU INDOOR SOCCER 

Sign-ups begin on Monday May 4 at Canyonv;ew 16. TEAM BACK DOOR VS. EACH HIT Definitely an ugly game. Make sure and c:ome out and aUPlK'It your favorite t-.s. It looks like a crut _ of fun and froIlcklnc. 

~ COSTA VERDE CENTER 
_IDEO GALLERY 

BIGGFST SELEcnON in the area T FREE PARKING 
NEW RELEASES: LlTILE MAN TATE . 29TH STREET 

• MY OWN PRIVATE IDAHO . PEOPLE UNDER THE STAIRS 
COMING SOON: FRANKIE AND JOHNNIE . HOUSE PARTY 2 

---------------------Bring this ad to RENT ONE MOVIE and 
get a SECOND RENTAL FREE! 

Monday tIlnu Thursday. Expires 4/30/92. 
---------------------

COIla Verde Center near Soup Exchange 8750 GeDe.ee . 450-1766 
PIazza Carmel, Del Mar near Vons 3880 Valley Cealft Dr, • 792-9923 

Hoan: Su,·TbUl'l. I] ..,.g pm I Fri.&L I] .... 10 pill 

BJ 's P j 7. Z e '" i {l 
ick of cardboard and ketchup? 

Try an authentic Chicago tyle pizza! 

fall c:AMPU5 D£UYIIY 
TOYOUlDOOl 
Sun ,, ·30 arn-I I pm 
M-ll'! I _I \'r mid 

fn. to Sol .. I t am-

~ OFF --
PI ... "" ",,_I coupo" It""'" orrk'f'illR. VQ/fdjor dttlLl!rJ, 
Cfl1T)Wl ordJ", In f.tpiMi Y919J 

8873 Villa La Jolla Dr. La Jolla Vii/age Center 455.0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is still tbe best! 



H2 HiATUS 

No Doubt About It 
• Singer Gwen Stefani tells of group' growth 
By Joshua Odlntz 
Staff Writer 

Orange County. a con!>Crvative 
stronghold of the Southwest. has 
managed to once again offer a new 
voice to altemative music. 

It is aimOM impossible to de-
scribe No Doubt's music. except to 
!oay that it is a mesh of ska. funk. 
punk and disco. In a recent inter-
view, lead singerGwen Stefani out· 
lined No Doubt's musical ethic: 
"We' ll play anything. We want to 
play everything. We are always will-
ing to lry new lyles and bring in 
different influences." 

No Doubt fomled in 1987 and 
quiclly developed a hardcore group 
of devott:e~ . Stefani ha., thought 
about reaching people outside of 

out hem California. "We ' re not 
looking for a quid. rise to Mardom. 
We are ~till growing - in our 
!oongwriting and in personal 
growth." 

No Doubt has done a lot of grow-
ing. In 1987. two vocnli~t~ were 
featured . Male vocalistJohnSiXnce 
committed SUicide when the band 
was beginning to take off. "J can't 
believe it's been five ycan; sin e 
John died." Stcfani said. "John was 
totally happy. He pushed my brother 
Eric to buy a keyboard. He moti-
v;l\ed us to play." 

That's what No Doubt is about ." 
Stefani explained. 

Interscope Records, a pi neer in 
alternative music. Signed the poM-
ska quintet, and the result is an ex-

cellent freshman ef-WJ fon.NoDouhl. The album capture the intensity. energy. 
~ ~.11 and joy of its live 

!> ~ . shows. 
Stefani was honest about the 

group's firs t album. "The new al -
bum is selling well. We are really 
urprised at how well our li ve sound 

was captured. But it is not flawleS!>. 
It 's kind of weird, but one day it 
sounds like the best album. and the 
next it'll sound awful," 

No DOIII" is excellent. The songs. 
ranging from bathroom e: apades 
in "P;lUlina." to "Ache." a ut get-
ting wisd m teeth pulled. embody 
an amazingly positive altitude. 

Even songs about drinling have 
hope. No D ubt just wants to em-
bmce life and channel it~ energy 
into it cr \ ds through Ii e perfor-
mance. 

To call No Doubt a ka band 
would be doing it injustice. "Let's 
Get Back," a tune about Stefani and 
her boyfriend. bassist Tony Kanal. 
is a disco number that takes the 
audience into a funk frenzy. This 
band is immensely talented. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 23, 1992 

But No Doubt grew from the 
experience. "What is No Doubf? 
Weare a live band. For the past live 
years, we have been playing shows. 

Without a doubt (pun intended). 
these po t-ska kings will be the high-
light of the New Music Festival. Doubters: (Clockwise from top) Tom Dumont, Eric Stefani, Adrian Young, Gwen Stefani and Tony Kanal. 

900Ft Jesus Descends Upon UCSD 
• Followers ofMC 900Ft Jesus will flock to the Price Center to hear him 
By All Krawitz 
Staff Writer 

Sometime~itseemslikesomany 
bands in thealtemative mu. ic scene 
have copped out to corporations for 
big money contrJcts. MC 900Ft 
Jesusha.~notsoldout\olheindu try 
weasels. His sound has been de-
scribed as "the transfonnation of 
rap. industrial rhythm~, scratching 
and jazz into a new breed of psycho 
hip-hop." 

His unique, funky grooves com· 
bine with his whispered. houted 
and crJZY stories make for a listen-
ing experience that arouses and ful-
fills the mind and the body. Hi two 
albums, Hell Witll The' Lid Off and 
We'lcol/le To My Dreal/l, are packed 
with psychotic rhythms and good 
·ongs. 

MC 900Ft Jesus finds his musi-
cal inspiration in many different 
styles. He has a degree in mu icand 
was working towards a Master's 
degree in musical theory at the time 
he was discovered. 

Keeping an ear out for rap, in-
dustrial, and other sounds. he takes 
musical ideas from one SOUll:e and 
changes them so thoroughly as to 
make them unrecognizable. 

"[I've been] pigeon-holed as a 
rapper. but I never considered my-
self a rapper." he explained. 

In the song he tries to get into 
the heads of active characters on the 
fringe of society. Generally these 
people are beyond the fringe, such 
as the arsonist in "The City Sleeps" 
and the city dweller full of angst in 

"Killer Inside Me," 
Me 900Ft Jesus didn't seem so 
enthusia~tic about the song when 
questioned about it origins. He did 
say that the monologue was derived 
from an abnormal psychology text-
book flexi-disc, which had a clinical 
example of a paranoid schizo-
phrenic, but nothing more. 

lbedifference in styles between 
his first album and the mo t recent, 
Welcome To My Dream, was be-
cause, " I don 't want to get into a rut. 
I'm always heading toward a new 
mu ical direction." 

For the first album, he worked 
mas ivehoursatadayjobandwrote 
songs at night. He left for Vancouver 
to record at the company studios 
(with hi boss looking over hi s shoul· 
der us a sound man). and then re-
tumed to Texas and went bock to 

work the nexl day. 
l1lC making of the second album 

was more enjoyable because the 
succe s of Hell With The Lid Off 
gave him more control over the re-
cording process. 

Me On the second album, MC900Ft Jesus chose the 
studio, worked 
with live musi-
cians of his 
choice, and said 
he"coulddevelop 
his ideas further 
and be more de-
tail oriented," JESUS Thedifference in sound is not be-
causeofDJZero's 

notable absence from the label of 
Welcome Tv My Dream. He is still 
scratching and mixing on lhe al-
bum, but i n't on the label because 
he won't be able to tour. 

MC 900Ft Jesus said that in the 
future he ' ll be doing less wolt with 
OJ Zero and more with MC 8abyG, 
who is particularly good at live per-
formances. 

MC 900Ft Jesus described a San 
Diego gig that stood out most in his 
memol)'. "We played a club in San 
Diego ... maybe with Consolidated 
in '91 or with Severed Head in 
'90 ... and lots of go-go dancen; 
showed up and they took off their 
tops and started dancing. More 
people watched the dancel1 than 
listened to us." 

CRmC'S 
CHOICE 

......, 

What: .UCSD's New Music 
Festival 
Who: Dread Zeppelin, 
Me 900Ft Jesus, No Doubt, 
Rage Against the Machine & 
Jam bay 
When: Saturday at noon 
Where: Price Center Plaza 

Thursday, April 23, 1992 The UCSD Guardian HiATUS H3 

THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
SounclgiM'den 
will bring its 
version of the 
Seattle sound to 
Mexico Friday 
night. The show, at 
Iguana's Nightclub, 
is the second time 
the Sea-town boys 
have graced our 
fair city on the 
Badmotorfinger 
tour. Opening will 
be labelmates 
Swervedriver. 

TONIGHT: As part of the continuing Emerging BIKk Cln-
............ Soulcymane Cisse's "Brightnes '" and Idrissa 
Oeudraogo' "Yaaba" will show at the Ken Cinema. "Brightness" 
is about a boy on the verge of manhood and his dealings with his I 
father. "Yaaba" tells the tale of rural African life. and centers on a 
boy and an old woman who are outcast from their community. The 
former shows at 7:15 p.m. only, while the lallerat5:30and9:20p.m. 

FRIDAY: For all you c1as ic film buffs, the Ken Cinema is 
celebrating '·C .. ablanca" with a 50th binhday party. The special 
one-week engagement begins with a live jazz quartet before the 7 
p.m. how. General admis ion i 6.50 for college-aged folks. and 
howtimesare 4:30. 7. and 9:30 p.m .. with matinees on Saturday and 

Sunday at 2 p.m. 

SUNDAY: Celebrate e.th Day at Balboa Park by watching 
"Blue Planet" at the Reuben H. Reet Space Theater. "Blue Planet" 
is an Omnimax pace film about Eanh and its imperiled environ-
ment, and will show at I I a.m .• 2 p.m .• and 7 p.m. Another 
environmentally hip film. "Antarctica." will screen eachoftheother 
hours between 10a.m. and 8 p.m. In an effort to be ex tra PC. visitors 
will be encouraged to help construct a giant origanl i tree made out 
of the recycled admission tickets. 

WEDNESDAY: The Athenaeum Music and Arts Library 
will present an exhibition of page from a limited-edition tine-an 
book created by everyone's favorite anist William Wegm .... If 
you've never heard of Wegman. he should be your favorite ani t 
anyway. The book, titled Field GlIide to Norrh America (alld Other 
Regions). will be on view from April 28 through June 6. The exhibit 
is free and open to the public during library hours. Tuesday through 
Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. For more infonllation call 454-
5827. 

A part of The Celluloid Frontier: The U.S./Mexkan 
Border in Contemporaly Cinema film series. "The Border." u 
relevant and realistic ponrayal of Mexican immigration to the 
United States. wi ll screen at the Museum of Contemporary An. San 
Diego. The film. starring Jack Nicholson, is set in El Paso, Texas and 
Juarez, Mexico. Showtime is at 7:30 p.m. in the Sherwood Audito-
rium and admission is $3 for museum members and $4 for you non-
member types, For more infonnation call 454-354 1. 

LOU REED 
MAGIC &L08S 

ASWAD 
LUCKY DUBE 

BARRINGTON LEVY 
JOHN HOLT 
PAPA SAN 

Dan McDoweAlGu;vOOn 
DefInItely Not Sonny - U2lead vocalist Bono performed before a Sold· 
out crowd at the San Diego Sports Arena last Wednesday. 

g~~W»W. TOM;~~. M.e. 
.. LD T8UR 1112" 

FRIDAY JUNE 5 7 PM APRIL 30 • THURSDAY· 8rM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

• 

VCSD BOX OFFICE 
534-6467 
Prnmttd by VC5D University Events Office and the VCSD Music Department 



H4 HiATU 

FREE MOVIE! 
Celebrate Earth Day with cwo's Political Film Series 
Presenting Green Streets and its producer Maria DeLuca 

Green Streets chart the pontane u emergence of community 
garden in New York ity and how they've helped to nourish 
neighborhood pride, racial tolerance, and a budding ense of 
hope for hundreds of enthu iastic gardeners in the urban jungle. 

I-ridil~. \prill~ 7 pill SLit 107 

The UCSD uardian Thursday, April 23, 1992 

German Artists Featured at Gallery 
• UCSD ho t Gennan sculptural exhibit at the Mandeville Gallery 
By Scott Okamoto 
Staff Writer 

'The Mandeville Gallery i pre-
senting sculptural in~ tallations by 
Gennan anist~ Manfred Muller and 
Julia Lehmann. The show began 
April I I and will run through May 
17. 

Muller has been known to use a 
wide variety of materials su h a 
metal, paper. cloth. wood and al-
vaged indu trial component . One 
of hi untitled w rks was con tructed 
u ing a eramic v tied to a used 
airplan filter. 

Such ironic pice abound in 
Muller's work. and he hal> con-
struc ted ~uch works pecifi ally for 
the Mandeville . how - ea h sym-
bolic of the body and of human life. 

Recycled material. . like the air-
plane filters. are being widely used 
forthe show. ·The. e kind of mate-
rial . especially the metal . are not 
as avai labl in Gennany.·' Muller 
said. 

Lehmann used to be known for 
!.Iretched linen pieces. but has now 
moved n to a multi-media use of 
paint. metal and found object. . In a 
piece entitled"Thunderbirds," three 
painted aluminum labs are arranged 
accordi ng tohow hefeels like plac-
ing th m . 

In other piece . rolled aluminum 
and rolled exposed X-mys look alike 
from a di tance. But up close. the 
shapes and forms of human bones 
can be distinguished. 

The use of the X-rays, says 
Lehmann. "helps to bring about an 

Photo Courtesy 01 Rose Shoshana 
n.e UntItled: Manfred Muller sits aside an art piece with no title. 
e tended concept of the human be-
ing. 

Muller and Lehmann recently 
participated in a show titled "Bon 
Angeles." which wa on view at the 
SantaM ni a Museum. They.along 
with six o ther German arti ts, 
worked to the mu. eum which was 
convened into a work space for six 
weeks. At the end of the six weeks, 
the completed works were placed 
on exhibit. 

Afterthe Mandeville show. both 
ani t will continue working and 
howing their work in variou mu-

seum in Gennany. 
Muller has a how opening at the 

Heidelberg Museum in June, and 
Lehmann wiu beexhibiting herwork 
at the Ludwig Forum, a new private 

museum in Aachen. Germany 
Continuing its standard of what 

cu rator and director G e rry 
McAll ister calls "the cuning edge 
of contempor.ll)' art." the gallery is 
co- rganizing the installation with 
the Gennan Cultural In titute.based 
in Los Angele ,with addi tional sup-
port from the In titule for Foreign 
relation. based in StUltgart, Ger-
many. and the LTV International 
Airways. 

McAllister has stated that the 
gallery's main function is "to in-
crease its visitors' understanding and 
appreciation of contemporary art," 
and thi instal1ment should prove to 
be a mixed experience of cultuml 
diversity and the best of contempo-
raryart. 

SHTUHDHYOnLY! 

lOAM TO SPM 

LA JOLLA 
VILLAGE CENTER 

AI /fie norftIUSI COfIIf( 0( v.II LI JoIIIItd Nobel DrwH 


