
In He.,.,.. ... 
When Joanne Tashiro 

WI'OIe III opinion last 
Monday cridcizing • mock-
fnIremity flyer and the 
estabIishrnenI of. new 
fndanity "with Asian 
emphasis" on campus. we 
had no idea of the kind of 
response it would generate. 
In this issue, the creator of 
the tJ)'ef. the frIIraniry and 
Tashiro lq)Iy to some w the 
issues direc:dy and indirect-
ly railed by the COInmen-
III)'/PME4 

HiATUS 

Aw.-Torn 
San DIego 

w. erupII in SIn 
Diego! Wen. not really. but 
• UCSD pad SUIdenI is 
aidina the San Diego 
HisIory Museum in Balboa 
Pam willi • Navy inIIaUa-
lion piece / PME ill 

SPORTS 

III .1I.lCuiali. 
The UCSD baebII 

.... bell ClaeiliUlll 
CoDeae 11-4 on TueIcIIy 
...... DCKIII. UCSD', R)IIR 
""-' piIdIed lix ... 
ianinp ror Ihe ..... ". 
1'ritGaI....m wl'elled 
Willa. 1I"()'1 recad lAd 

to their belt .. 

Demonstration Goes Into Sevellill Day 
• Fee protestors tum down 
Watson's offer of $2,000 for 
buses to Sacramento protest 
By PeterKo 
Senior Staff Writer 

Student protestors disgruntled with skyrock-
eting UC fees extended their tudy-in at the 
chancellor' complex for a sixth day yesterday, 
but ended a tw<Hiay sit-in out ide Vice Chancel-
lor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson's 
office at 5 p.m. Meanwhile, negotiations with 
administratjon officials for funds to bus tudent 
to Sacramento for a UC-wide fee protest reached 
an impasse, according to officials on both ides of 
the dispute. 

Third College juruor Brian Fisher srud that the 
protestors, numbering as many as 40 on Wedne -
day, ended their it-in as a "good-faith effort .... 
We've demonstrated student support and we 
want them to show support," he srud. 

TIle brunt of the negotiations centers around 
lransportatjon funds requested by the students for 
a Mar. 27 statewide fee protest TIle protestors 
irutially asked for $10,000 from the administra-
tion to transport approximately 150 students by 

Sue MapeslGua-c*an 
Protestors Ely Rabani (right) and Jennifer Danek (center) press Director of Special Services Nick 
Aguilar (left) to respond to the students' demands. 

bus and van to the state capitol. ing, protestors received a $2,500 allocation. ment Wednesday morning that read in part, "We 
empathize with the financial difficulties these 
increases cause tudents and their families and 
join with the Office of the President in seeking 
ways to minimize and eliminate the adverse 
effects of the fee increase. so that no new or 
continuing student is prevented from enrolling 
in the University because of the fee increases." 

TIle funding for transportation was one of four 
major demands that the protestors asked the 
administration to addre Tuesday during the 
heated initial stages of the it-in. 

Early Wednesday morning, Watson offered 
$2.000. However, negotiations stalled that after-
noon when Watson withdrew the offer, saying 
thai protest negotiators had indicated in conver-
sations with Associated Students President 
Agustfn Orozco and him thai they were rejecting 
it Watson added that the tudents' refusal to 
cease blocking his office door was also a factor in 
the withdrawal of the offer. 

TIle second demand i a formal letter from the 
UCSD administration to the tate legislature, the 
UC Regents and the govemor expressing its 
support for the students ' stand against the pro-
posed 22 percent UC-wide fee hike for 1992-93. 

However, the protestors called the letter inef-
fective and "an exercise in doublespeak." 

After lengthy debate at last night' A.S. meet- In re ponse, Watson's office released a state- See PROTEST, Page 9 

Prince's Attomeys Blame 
MurderVictim's Boyfriend 
By .l8IOII SneI 
Senior Staff Writer 

Attorneys for accused serial 
killer Oeophus Prince, Jr. sug-
gested yesterday that the boyfriend 
of one of rus alleged victims may 
actually be responsible for her 
murder. 

Thirty-year-old carpenter 
Ouistopher Jon Bums. who testi-
fied during Prince's preliminary 
hearing yesterday, lived with 
SDSU student Tiffany Paige 
Schultz until Jan. 12, 1990, the 
night he found Schultz's body in 
their Clairemont apartment. 
Schultz had been stabbed repeat-
edly in the chest. 

At the tirne of the murder, 
Prince lived in theadjoirung Buena 

Vi~Gardensapartmentcornplex. 
Schultz's and Bums' apartment 
overlooked the swimming pool 
their complex shared with Buena 
Vista Gardens. Two of the other 
murders Prince is accused of com-
mitting took. place in the Buena 
Vista Gardens cornr1ex. 

Burns was extremely emo-
tional during his initial testimony , 
and paused several times to hold 
back tears as he recounted finding 
Schultz' body. 

But in cross-examination, co-
defense Counsel Banon Sheela 
m showed Bums no sympathy. 
Shcda sugaacd that Burns, an-
py because Schultz was wortmg 
as a nude dancer Illhe Les Girls 

Defense co-counsel Loren 
Mandel connected Bums to the 
murderof Tiffany Schultz, saying, 
-That [was] a rage killing. Today, 
we heard from the person who 
was really angry at her: 
nightclub, beat or tied up Schultz. 

While Burns said he and 
Schultz had "emotionally" dis-
cussed her work as a dancer and 
indjcated thatthediscus-sion ended 
"on a romantic note," Sheela sug-
gested that the couple's discus-
sion were actually heated argu-
ments. 

"Didn't you argue with her 
about working as a dancer?" 
Sheela asked. "Didn't you tie her 
upso she went to work with bruises 
on her wrists and ankles? Didn ' t 
you hurt her, threaten her with a 
knife, leave the house and slam 
the door1" 

Bums replied "no" to each of 
See PRINCE, Page 6 

Senate Committee OKs 
. 

Student Autonomy Bill 
• State bill would give 
students control over fee 
issues like RIMAe 
By David Snow 
Staff Writer 

TIle California State Senate 
Education Committee passed As-
sembly Bill I 8840n Mar.4, wruch, 
if enacted, would give University 
of California students greatercon-
trol over the administration of cam-
pus-based fees. The bill passed by 
a margin of 6-2. 

Marisela Marquez, president 
of the University ofCalifomiaStu-
dent Association (UCSA),srud the 

vote followed rnassi ve student lob-
bying efforts at the Capitol build-
ing in Sacramento. "We are very 
pleased with [the] outcome," 
Marquezsaid. "Students have been 
making phone calls, sending let-
ters and visiting legislators' of-
fices to tum up the heat on the 
campus-based fee issue." 

AB 1884 passed the Assembly 
last year, and now faces a vote in 
the Senate Appropriation Com-
mittee.Ifpassedthere,itwillgoto 
the Senate floor, and then require 
a signature from the governor be-
fore being enacted. 

See BILL, Page 8 

Co-op Members Claim 
Negotiations Stalled 
• University Counsel 
Beam says ball is now 
in the students' court 
By Dan Krauss 
Staff Writer 

Negotiation between the tu-
dent cooperatives and the univer-
sity administration over the future 
tatu of the co-ops have lost m0-

mentum in the last several weeks, 
according to tudent leaders. 

"It's a stall tactic. TIleir moti-
vation is clear. TIley want to wait 
until the umrner when nobody 
will be around to see what hap-
pens to the co-ops," sajd Steve 
Dubb of Groundwork Books. 

Co-op University Center Board 
(UCB) Representative Chris 
Burnett shared Dubb's sentiment. 

"Things are pretty stagnanl 
right now. The last thing [the uni-
versity 1 wants is a lawsuit against 
them, especially when students are 
ri led over fee increase . TIley want 
as little press coverage as possible 
because it looks bad." he said. 

UCB Chair Molly McKay said 
he feels that the co-ops are wait-

ing for the university to make it 
move. 

"I don' t feel like thing are 
moving forward. TIle ball is in the 
university'S court," she said. 

However, Joanna Beam of the 
See co-oPS, Page 7 



NEWS 1 

uc 

Guest Lecturer Shows Up Dnmk, 
Offends WIth Racist, SexIst .Jokes 

DAVIS - A drunken guest speaker shocked his audi-
ence into silence with a barrage of profane racist and sexist 
I'CIl'I8Ib during a class lecture last week. 

After hoIel owner Dick Langdon was inIroduC'ed to a 
packed 'design class. he presented Ihree members of hi 
staff, saying he brought along a female innkeeper because 
"she does great sex." He then launched into an off-color 
joke lhat ended with the punchline ..... because the last time 
I fucked a nigger she took everything I had" 

More than 200fthe 126 students in the class left within 
minutes. 

Many of the student who walked out wondered why 
the instructor, Design Associate Professor Dolph Gotelli, 
did I10l SlOp the lecture after lhe offensive iemarks. 

"I didn't think he would have known what I was talking 
about," Gotelli said, adding thai he suspected Langdon had 
been drinking before lhe lecture, but did not realize how 
much. A studenl in the class said she could smell alcohol 
on Langdon's breath from the fourth row. 

Langdon apologized for his behavior in lhe middle of 
the lecture and said he was sorry if he had hurt anyone's 
feeli ng. Later in the talk, he recanted, saying "If I'd have 
done [the jokel righi, lhey would have loved il." 

Afler the leclure, GOI-:lli said he was upset and em-
barrassed. " I've luughlthi course for 18 years and never 
had anything like this happen:' 

Langdon, who was invited to peak to the fantasy design 
cI . on fantasy elements in two of hi hotel , finished the 
9O-minule lecture to an enthu iastic round of applause 
from the remaining audience. 

- Reginald Van Carter, CIIIIfomIII AIfIlIe 
Faculty Senate Calls for Attitude 
Adjustment of Administrators 

LOSANGELES - UCLAhasanhanilude,"ucoording 
toasurvey oftheFocully Senate, which reveaJed that many 
profcSM)rs find university official' lack: civility, coune y 
and respect toward facuhy members. 

The VCSD Gaardian 

"The problem bas 10 do wiIb Ibe fundamental altitude [of] 
administralOrS who see faculty • employees of the Idminis-
tnIIion. " said Faculty Senate Clair Seymour Feshbach. 

Ua.A officiaJ6 mull reaIQe .... 1WdenIs and professors 
are not theIe to serve !hem. bill .... "!he edministraIion is hem 
to help SClVe SIUdents and f8cuJty in achieving tbeir educa-
lional goals," he added. 

The Faculty Senate SUtvey was baed on the responses of 
778 professors. It covered issues ranaing from anitudes about 
university research 10 faculty-administration relations. 

- ..... Du .... ...,AIIy ..... 

Japanese finn, Not AftIIated WIth 
uc, A&lees to Stop UIIIC UCLA fBne 

After years of litigation and thouunds of doIw. in Iepl 
(ees. the University of California reached a tentative ~ 
ment with a JapMCSC company which was using the Ua.A 
name without auahorization. 

Representatives from both panics negotiated a final 
settlement last month. As part of the agreement, the Japan-
based UCLA Foreign' Language Institute is expected to re-
move "UCl,A" from itS name, UCLA oftkials said. 

While the university is unlikely to collect damages, the 
victorymeansUCLAi abietoend the name misappropriation 
more quickly than if the case bad run its legal coun;e. 

Because Japanese trademarlt laws do not protect services 
uch as education, the university was never sure it would win 

the case in the first place. according 10 a UCLA report. 
The unauthorized company name was first l10liced in a 

phone book by Jason Reed, executive director of the UCLA 
student association, while on a business trip to Tokyo. 

- BIrIIt ........... 1Wy Bruin 

SpmuGHT 
C()\1\1~ ',In '.[\\~ 

Scripps HoapItaIIn La Jolla Hosts 
Sexual Harassment Seminar Tonight 

Scripps Memorial Hospital Women's Health Source and 
lhe Business Health Institute will tackle the increasingly 
complex issue of sexual harassment in a panel discussioo 
aimed at creating hannony in the workplace. Panelists will 
discuss the different work habits of men and women, as well 
as methods to deal with sexual harassment 

TIle seminar will beheld from 7 to 9:30 p.m. tonight, in the 
Schaetzel Cenler for Health and Education, 9888 Genessee 
Ave. in La Jolla. Public admission is $5 per person. 

Weekend Weather Watch 
• The temperatures for Friday, 
Saturday, cVld Sunday In San 
Diego County; 

Surf 
(Feet) 
3-5 
Swel 
DIrection 
W 

Surfmg Conditions : 
FAIR TO " 
GOOD 

Average temper· 
atures for .. a/ air are 

60/63 

'Thunday, March 11, 1991 

. . . 

• t \0, 1 • ~) " 

UCSO fraternity and sorority members galhereci 10 
honor lheir outstanding achievements at Tuesday's Greek 
Awards Night. 

Applauded for its community service. leadership. ath-
Ietics ondacademics, Sigma Phi Epsilon fraaemity received 
Ihe 01apter of the Year Award. UCSO's Sigma Phi 
Epsiklns won a Buchanon Cup, the highest award given by 
their national fraternity. 

Kappa Kappa Gamma look Chapter o( the Year honors 
among the sororities. Members have participated in vari-
ous philanthropic events, including an Easter Seals tele-
thon and coaching swimmers in a United Cerebral Palsy 
swim meet.. In addition, members hold college and Ass0-
ciated Students leadership posilions, and are in ftJ'Sl place 
in the inter-sorority sports lournament. 

Sigma Nu member Craig Peters was named Greek 
Man of the Year, while Lisa Noll of Sigma Kappa and 
Elizabeth Lawson of Alpha Omicron Pi shared the title of 
Greek Woman of the Year. 11lese awards were presented 
to the individuals who have best illustrated the ideals of 
leadership, scholarship, service and strength of character 
over their time in the UCSO Greek system. 

The Excel Leadership Award for Panicipation was 
given to the Delta Gamma sorority and Sigma Nu (rarer-
nity. 

With a cumulative grade point average of 3.161, fra-
ternity Zeta Beta Tau won the Scholarship Achievement 
Award. Among the sororities. Pi Beta Phi received the 
award with a 3.175 cumulative grade point average. 

Sigma,Nu member Steve Moawad and Sigma Kappa 
member KimberlyTong were named Emerging Leaders of 
the Year. 

Noting Chi Omega sorority's 35 percent growth over 
the last year, improved scholarship and community ser-
vice, Chi Omega was recognized as Most Improved Chap-
ter of sororities. Sigma Nu's focus on education, phil an-
Ihropies. campus involvement and family relations pro-
gram won it the lille of Most Improved Fraternity. 

GUAKIlIAN 
JASON SNEll., EdItor In ChJeI 
PETER KO, ~Edtor 
BEN BOYCHUK, 0phbJ EIItor 
JAMES COWER, Des«tJ Edtor 
LYNN FRANEY, CGpy EdItDt 
JENNY GALANG, Auodate HIatus EdItor 
.JOSEPH GARCIA, HlaCus EIItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, News EdItDt 
CHERYl HOCHMAN, A.srdlte Copy EdItor 
SUE MAPES, A.-date Photo EdItor 
MEl. MARCElO, GtlflJhb EIItor 
DAN MCDOWELL, Pffoto EIItor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, AaocIate Oph{on EdItor 
KEN PERLMAN, Sport. EdItDt 
CHRISTOPHER REGNIER, Auodate Sports EdItor 
BRETT RHYNE, Spec'" EdItDt 
ANGElA ROVA, ANOdate Spec:tade EdItor 
ERIC SCHMIDT, A.1OdD News EtItor 
SHERYl WOLCOTT, 4saod8te News Edtor 
WILEEN WONG, AssodaCe HIatus EdItor 
GREGG WRENN, ASIOCIate Spotts EdItor 
.... Ior Stell W_ llIyen Di ... Melinda Hlml~on. Lar. HeISler. M._ 
Ro!""..,.,. Michael _artz. Paul B,shop SklbtUke. Jeff Yameguc:hl 
Stell W""' .. : Debra 8ronsteln. Stephan .. Danford. Joanne Donahoe. Ben 
EJ&In. Den GebIe,. Kirsten HatYeraon. Den Kraus • • Phlltp Mochael •. Josh 
Od,nn. Suzanne Phon. Suzame Porulh. T,ac, Powell. JoI\n R.ce. liar. Saul. 
DIMd Snow . JoI\n Sweeney 
1" ... _ : Ron Cad ... Race, Kuo. Cann lew. l."" Moe McCorY1~. l'sa 
MuJl,aney. Adt..". Muiloz. Ilyuta Nallajlml. KIlty Roe. More Upter&'CMI Phot........., Alb Klyusner . Saul L,eo., .... P""I Mackey. Chud< 'Cuy"". 
Jennder VarYl. Amy llot 
Copy R ..... : M"'!lelle ChtarC. MOnICa GougII. MonICa Roach. Julte Semper. 

Je.wSpr~e' 
PnJduc:t1on Work.-: Melinda HBmllton 
DMl&Mr: M'guellluckenmeyer 
BOB DeANOREA, 'Buslness Manager 
MICHAEl. FOULKS, Advertising M."..ger 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising DesIgner 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
~ ",,_,1811_ Kat rut ". Lr Mane V,*",d< 
~_ HeIdI Meyer. PaoIoVl·'Bdoiod 
~ Joe lee. _ Shefr 

""tCSD~ • ..-_..,~..... _ ilI ..s "" 
_ ot UCSD I!opocld..,ot .. _." ..... _~_~"1*1 ~_"'" 
• ~ ...,.,.... 1992 . ...... _I1IIUCSD_ .... _ Jor tl'o_ tI 1I'ICfocQd""""" ~ ~ Itot t-* n """" n! 1fW ... ., __ Go "" 
,....., ........... "'JllrIA:SD"'*- .. _,,~"' .. __ 

""t.CSO_._ 100_' 
Editorial: ~580, ........ 0fIIc:e: S34.34M, Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Guanllan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, ' 

La Jolla, CA 92093-031.6 Act ... _ : ____ • uc:so ____ ' /4' 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
1 

Thunday, ~ 12, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

Student Considers Suit Against Police 
., PIIIIp 'ttIctt .... 
Senior StMf ..,...,. 

A UCSO student is considcrins 
filing suil against the C8J11'US police 
department for what he called "clear 
harassment." 

Ouis Bumeu. the co-op rqR-
sentaive to Ihe University Center 
Board, wa detained by police on 
Monday at around 2:50 p.m. for 
allegedly assulting a parting en-
forcement offICer with a deadly 
weapon - baclting inlO the offJCer 
with his car. 

When it bocarDe apparent that 

Burnett had not attempted to run 
down the QffJCCr,the police released 
him. 

Burnett took issue with the fact 
that when the police detained him 
he was handcuffed and forced into 
the back of Ihe police car. 

"I'm going to file suit 10 what-
ever extent I can against the parting 
officer and the police. It was oom-
pletely inappropriate behavior (or 
the police," Burnett said 

"1bey 8I1'CSIed me (or nothing," 
he added. 

Nadwtiel Aoyd,·a police officer 

who was I10l present at the incident, 
described the situation as "a verbal 
disagreement" 

"It was just another incident that's 
not that important in the scale of 
things. Everyone just went away 
smiling," said Aoyd 

According to Burnett, he was 
anempting to move his car from the 
twenty minute zone in the Ole Cafe 
patking lot when he was blocked by 
a patking enforcement truck. When 
the parting truck moved forward. 
Burnett began to back up. 

See ARREST, Page 8 

watson Not Chosen forSJSU Presidency 
Despite being selected asane 

of six semifinalists for the presi-
dency at San Jose Stare Univer-
sity (SJSU), UCSO Vice Owl-
ceUor of Underpaduaae Affairs 
Joseph Watson was not chosen 
as a finalist for the office .. 

TheSJSU PresideaiaJ Search 
AdvisoryCommiuee forwarded 
the raneofRuthLeventhal,dean 

and provost of Penn State-Harris-
burg, 10 the CalifomiaState Univer-
sity Board of Trustees for approval. 

The six semifmalists, chosen 
from a pool of over 100 applicants, 
were narrowed down 10 one finalist 
following a week of intense inler-
views at SJSU. 

"Dr. Leventhal is seen by the 
commiuee as the best match for San 

Jose," said Martha Fallgatter, 
chair of the search committee. 

While it is tradition that the 
committee submit the names of 
Ihree finalists 10 the board for 
interviews, the decision was 
made by the comminee mem-
bersto (orwardonly Leventhal's 
name for approval. 

- Ertc SctimJcIt 

• 

WEDNESDAY 'S A .S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

• $l,5M Allocated To UCSD ShidnlII: The A.S. allocaled 52.500 10 !he siudents of UCSD for IrIlvel expenses 10 go 
10 s.aamen1O and lobby the legislaltlre. As • rcsuh of !he recelll "SIIJdy-In." siudelll proIeSlOl'S feel !hey need 10 go 10 
s.:nmenlO and let !heir voices be heard regarding !he impending fee hikes. Sludcnts will ~main in Sacramemo for one day 
10 lobby before !he swe budgel goes 10 i final VOle. The proIeSlors said earlier thai !hey will not accept studenl funds. (See 

~1IIIed slory. ~ I ) 

< Approv.I 01 Collltitutionel RdtrendUIII For ~I EIKtIon: 1be council approved 3 constitutional referendum 
IhaI would allow for five constilUlionaJ referenda, iRSlelld of Ihree. 10 be allowed on !he general election baJlOI. The council 
aJlO approved a referendum IhaI would make lhepositionof!he Siudeni Advocate an elccted l1I!herlhan an appoinled posilion. 

< v. Of CoafIdnce RelereadUIII Qu.doII Felled: The council voted againsla constilulional referendum queslion 
IhaI would have uked for a VOle of confidence for Chancellor Richard Alldnson. The question would have asked !he Sludenl 
body iflhey Ihought Atkinson was servinllhc needs of !he uniYersily. especially undergraduaieS. A referendum question of 
!he same nature repnlillJl Vice Chancellor Joseph WalSOII was wilhdrawn. 

OIlIer Old BuMaI: 
< Allocation of 5200 from New Media UnailOCAled 10 Wword 10UFI/DI. Passed. 
< Allocation of 5206.70 from General Unallocated 10 BACCHUS Subcommillee of !he UCSD Alcohol and SUbsl3llCe 

Abuse Committee for Guardiml IIdvcrtiJemenL Wilhdrawn. . 
• Allocation of51,3S4.80 from General Unallocated 10 MEOlA for annual ChicanolLatino Recognition Ceremony. 

Postponed. 
• Approval of SOFBICPfB Willler Quaner Budget appcaJs. Passed. 
• Approve! of Media Convniaee Budget Reviews. Puled. 
• Allocation of S640 from 0perati0naIServic:es Unallocated 10 KSDT for equipmenl. Passed. 
• AlIocaIion of 5 I 1.212 [rom General UnaJloca/ed 10 Sun God Festive! budgel Passed. 

New ......... : 
'Approval of 1992 Culbft Qucsl Budget. Refemd 10 rmanoe. 
<Approval of ASUCSD Council Bylaws.1I'neIlded by !he Rules Committee. Referred 10 Rules. 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

nJM5 Mqster Mechanics 
===== exclusively \.NV and AUDI 

Service a Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
----~---------------20% ~!~~~~~!'I992 : 

I 
'Mus! present coupon and void UCSO 10 01 lime of estimate. 

Not valid wttIl mojOf engine Of tJcnmIs$Ion repairs. 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

r-Work in~ 
Britain & 
Ireland 
"""m1nar 

Friday, March 13 
1:30pm· 3:30pm 
Intern' Center 

Conference Room 
.W<n LEGN.lY 
• .Ail rypes d jObs; casual en:! 

c"m rtl5td. 
• Expcrif1lCt IY1OIha' aJltlxt kom 

lht i1sIdt 
·rlo;Jbiliry 5'ld choJct: )'00 ctloost 

ycu jOO 5'ld Iooitial 
/r'IonrYIion on 'fnc~r nllnd-

5 ...ub /mil Sluclrs ~Im It 
T rirfty Uf'l'fCrskf 1ft DIAIIin. 

.1 Us Yef, Ask Us For References. I DOIIT MISS rHlSI t;;.. L1 /150't:J by rI,t: 
1 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I L ____________________ ~ Ir~L f( j('('n . ..li (cntc Jl:j tht.: ( ~~ ")/ll '\',n I' ,"/..; 

E cU'- J(JelnJ [,e hJnq.: 

NEWS 3 

ISIS to Ust Quarterly 
Grades Starting in April 
By StephanIe Danford 
Staff Writer 

Winter quarter grades will be accessible through ISIS, UCSO's 
telephone reg.istratlon sy tern, as of April 2, according to A sistant 
Registrar Sally Hickock-Broxton. 

Hickock-Broxton explained that the new addition to the current 
telephone registralion system was pan of a long-range plan begun 
three years ago. "We planned to expand as soon as our resource 
would allow," Hickock-Broxton said, noting that lhe addition cost 
$10,000. 

Registrar Ronald Bowker said the $10,000 was drawn from Ihe 
registrar's general budget, and explained that this was a one-lime 
cost 

To access grades, students call the regular ISIS number. The menu 
of registration options will include lhe option to hear the tudent's 
grades (rom earlier quarters. 

However, students will not be able to access their grades any 
earlier than they were able to in the past, because grades will become 
available in ISIS at the same time as lhey are mailed out 10 the 
students. 

When told about the new option, Fifth College senior Hilda 
Ramirez said she feel it will be very convenient. "Sometimes I need 
to look up my grades from recent quarters or my GPA for internship 
applications and I can't find my original grade report. Now all I have 
to do is pick up the phone and my grades are available," she said. 

See GRADES, Page 6 

The MCA T is coming to San Diego this September. 

Hyperleaming (455-1000) 
The MeAT Review Course (456-4848) 
Stanley H. Kaplan (277-67~) 
The Princeton Review (695-9952) 
and Ronkin (587-8600) 
all have prep programs for this test. 

Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for a course, 
call around and let the facts. Best of all, ask your friends_ 
We have several hundred recent students who are on-campus 
at UCSD. How many hours were in your course? What were the 
credentials of your instructors? Was tfQChing their exclusive, full-
time responsibility? How large were your classes? HOOJ many 
passage-style problems did you cover? How many testing hours? 
How many essays did you write? How mIlny were pro/cssimll11ly 
critiqued and scored? lAt me see rpur matcri,'s! 

When learning complu skills, it is our position that you need 
extensive personal contact with real experts in small classes. 

Included in our program: 
Over 130 hours of in-class problem sol ving and review, 
The best instructOIS in their fields, with advanced degrees 
in their specialty, and years of full-time teaching experience. 
Neyer more than 24 students in any class. 
Four days a week over bulYe weeks. 
Two full weeks of MCAT testing utd analysis. 
More than 1.600 Plies of focused review materials. 
All subjects reviewed simultaneojlsly rather than serial1y. 
Well paced prestudy, in-class, and homework activities. 

Our classes start June 20th. Call for additional infonnation. 



" OPINION 

Editor: 
In response 10 a conuneruary in the 

Mar. 9 issue of the Guardian, I am 
appalled atlhe blatant censorship/so-
called correclion of which the Guardian 
exercised within the anicle headlined 
"Laughing aa racism - avoiding the 
blame." The Guardian is not living up to 
its responsibility of accurately express-
ing individual student opinions on 
campus. 

Specifically. thi "opinion" article 
which I submitted was altel'Cd and cut in 
key areas which emphasized irnportanI 
imentions within the argument. For 
example. paragraph nine of the commen-
tary weakly Slates "These 'founding 
faahers' are way off base ... " According 
10 the original article which was 
submined. the actual sentence reads. 
"1bese 'founding fathers· ... are full of 
shit' .. . " There were further deletions 
and changes in addition. 

This commentary was intended to 
express the dirccl emotions and anitude 
from an individual Japanese-American 
student perspective. By arbitrarily 
editing the opinion for so-called clarity 
without the writer's pennission. they 
subdued an Asian-American voice 
speaking out and wrongfully altered the 
tone of the aniele and the expression of 
an individual. The original intent of the 
anicle was to crilicize a componenr of 
the Asian-American community at 
UCSD and not the Asian-American 
community as a whole. 

The way in which the anicle was 
changed showed the Guardian's 
arrogance in 3Sl uming that its alterations 
within the opinion anicle conveyed the 
same message which the original writer 
intended. 

I demand that the Guardiall notify the 
wriler beforehand of any change within 
an aniele. especially an opinion. I will 
continue to speak out and will nol take 
censorship/so-called corrections of my 
opinion lightly or pas ively. As a 
Japanese-American Sansei (third 
generarion) I refuse to confolTll to the 
mainstream media's image of the "Quiet 
Japanese-American, " 

Joanne Tashiro, Editor, 
MOlJllnbun; 

Matt Baldwin. Chair, 
Asian Pacific Islander 

Student AUiaJxe; 
Manny Sheu, Editor, 

ChiMu-Americon StutknJ 
AssociDJion Newsklllr; 

Nami Kuroda, 
Former President, Japanese-

American Society 

Editor's NOTe: The Guardian does not edit 
or censor. Howel'er, the editors reserve 
The right to edit/or botll lengTh and clariTy. 
While we usually prefer to leave The writer" s 
words i/lfacT.someTimes iT becomes neces-
sary-because The granmllJr ispoor or The 
wording is unclear. or both - to lIUlke 
some changes, Nor is it always possible TO 
colllact the wriTer because of deadline 
consideraTions. While we regreT allY mis-
lII!derstandillg thaI may halle come aboUT 
as a resllit of editillg done To Tashiro's 
commemary. we STOlid by our decisions. 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Editor: 
As lhecreatorofthe flyer which Ms. Tashiro has found 

so offensive, I feel that ir is important that my views on this 
matter be ellpressed. 

First of all. I mUSI say that I am painfully aware of the 
fact thai there have been. and still are today. great atrocilies 
caused by racial prejudice. ] absolutely agree with heron 
her position that all fonn of racism are utterly reprehen-
sible. 

The main assumplion upon which her aniele rests-
the view that the flyer is racist - is completely off the 
marlc. The flyer is, in fact, critical of segregationist groups 
in general. andfratemilies inpanicular. My use of Lambda 
Phi Epsilon's flyer as a fonnat for my flyer does not mean 
that I view this fratemity as any more guilty of segregation 
than any other fratemil)'; I merely found their flyer's 
graphics 10 be distinctive and easily-recognizable, appro-
priate for a parody of fratemities. 

My flyer contains no material whatsoever which is 
denigrating to Asian-Americans orotherminorilies. True, 
it does contain cenain imagery. including a caricature of 
a hooded Klansman. which is associated with racism. 
However. Ms. Tashiro's mistake was to jump to the 
conclusion that, since the flyer portrayed racism, it must 
necessarily be a racist flyer. 

This is dangerous and fallacious reasoning. When you 
see an LA. Tim~s political canoon portraying a hooded 
Klansman. do you automatically assume that the canoon-
ist is a racist? She made the mistake of confusing the 
anilUde of the flyer with the auilUde of the people that it 
saririzes. 

She mentions that it is wrong to laugh at a Klansman, 
that it is wrong to laugh at racism, that 10 do so is to 
" ... promote a supremacist group ..... and to laugh at" .. . 00-
just killings ... [and) ••. discrimination ... " I fail to see how 
laughing at someone and ridiculing them is the same as 
promoting them. We should mourn racism's victims and 
actively work to end it; yet, at the same time, to say that we 
can'l make racisls a target of humor is ro concede defeat. 
10 confer undue respect upon them and their warped 
ideals. 

Ms. Tashiro is also mi taken in her accusation that the 
flyer was meant to be circulaled among a limited group of 
"racisl" friends. Raaher, the flyer was meant to be circu-
lated among a limited group of people who have the 
imelligence to be able to analyze the flyer and realiu that 
it is intended 10 be both humorous and anti-racist. 

Thunday, March 12, 1992 

Aftermistakenlyestablishingthat the flyer is racist, she 
then goes on to criticize the Lambda Phi Epsilon Founding 
Faahers for finding il humorous. It i noI clear whether she 
feels that they are cognizant of the "fact" that it is a racist 
flyer. I have received numerous positive responses, mainly 
from Asian-Americans, concerning the flyer and have 
been told of many more; she is the first and only person 10 
complain that it is "offensive." Funhennore, the flyer was 
copied and spread almost entirely by Asian-Americans. It 
would seem, then, that most Asian-Americans are not 
blessed with her heightened level of racial awareness. 

If, on the other hand, she feels that they are aware of the 
flyer's "racism," 1 would like to kIlO ' why it is that they 
have played such a large role in its propagation and 
display. Why would someone who felt that the flyer was 
an attack on his race knowingly copy it and pass it along 
or tape it to his wall? 

It seems likely to me that Ms. Tashiro has a personaJ 
disagreement with the Founding Fathers, in which case I 
ask that she please leave me out of il. IWhe is concerned 
about the advancement of Asian-Americans and other 
people on this campus, I would suggest lhal she support an 
existing organization, or fonn one of her own, which has 
this as its primary goal. Falsely accusing others of being 
racislS or cowards will do nothing to further her cause. 

Erik Carver 

Fratemity Attacks RacIst Label 
Editor: 

The heart of the accusations (regarding the fraternity 
rush flyer) fixate themselves on a flyer that iii a parody. It 
was clear that the author was mimicking a very graphically 
distinct Lambda Phi Epsilon flyer. 

The author of the parody. who is JlOl affiliated with a 
fratemity, created the flyer to make a social commentary 
on exclu ivity in campus organizations. It was noI a racial 
attack. 1be humor I ies in ilS remarkably close resemblance 
to the rush flyer. 

FoundingFathersofthe fraternity, however. objected to 
the similarity of the parody tearing that some who were nor 
bright enough 10 actually read the flyer might confuse it 
with lhe fraternity. However. the accuser. Ms: Joanne 
Ta.~iro. intentionally ignom:l ~ concerns held by the 
fralemity and wem on to distort the facts. Knowing thai 
they and the author of the social commentary would be 

See LEI I iRS, Page 5 

Tbunday, Man:h 12, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

The Issues of the Sit-In 
• Participants of fee hike protest demand 
greater inpu~ higher quality of education 

We. the .-ucipMCS of the fee hike sit-in. effix:ted Mar. 3, 1992 
• 3:30p.m. in the lll-A MAACCQllfeaenceRoom,baYepneralCd 
the followias pIaIform: 

I. Our bigesI foc:us is Ibe risiDs C05l~_IIId!he la:tofadequare 
m..:iII aid IOCOInpea ... forlbe ina [ r I [I Since 1989, fees in !he UC 
s,-n hfte ialCleBld 91 peroed. OnIyoneoutdev«y six people who 
lie eIiai* b Cal GanIs wiIlltICei'Ie daD 1bis)'Cll'. We feci this is 
ridiculoul.lIId we lie I1DI gains 10 .... by ."iiWEY is turned imo 
1UDcr'ICy. We oppoae the projcicIed 24 percent fee hike. 

2. Weoppose the cuJTent trend IOWaIds theprivatization of the UC 
and CSU systems. 

3. Our opposition to fee incn:aIes is in no way intended to 
dec:n:ase the quality of education, i.e. class CUIS as ellemplifted by 
cenain CSU campuses. These CUIS increase the time it takes to 
graduaIe and have a desbuctive effect by ~g dropouts. 
decreasing space for incoming students and increasing student to 
professor rDJs. We uphold both the quality and 'accessibility of 
higher educaIion. Neither can be compmmised without ruinous 
effect. 

4. We WIllI formallelteB from all top UCSD administrators, as 
individuals. DOt COl pol ale bweaucraIs, to the Board ofUC Regents 
and stale IcgisIaIwe backing up their (frequently media quoccd) 
claims dIIllbey empadMu with wdenI po,siIions. We Ie8lize that 
"tbeir banda are tied" to do this on a professional basis. 

S. We WInlto have signifacant input, as students, with faculty, in 
the selectioo of the next UC President. We W8III our voice to be more 
thin merely "advisory." The crisis facing the UC sysrem makes this 
euendaI. 

6. Merit increase awards to acknowledge excellent teaching for 
faculty sbou1d be restored and noI be affected by the absence of fee 
bikes. Faculty and staff have noI m:eivedCOSl of living adjustments 
over recent years. We think this is wmng. 

7. We request funding from the administration fur buses to 
tnDIpOrtaOUCSDstudenlswhowisblOp.dicipatetotheall-UCfee 
hike protest • the state capitol on Mar. Z7 III 12 pm. A.S. money 
should not be used for this as, in etrcct, this money comes from 
SIUdenb' pocteIs. We do noI wish to bleed IIready IIC8Dt funds. 

8. The California Supreme Court has ddamined that higher 
education is a right, noI a privilege. in California. EIlcessive fee 
increases make it a privilege. We suppon baYing the stare use other 
avenues to solve the budget Msis, i.e. closing tax loopholes which 
pamitwealthycorporatiomtoevadepayingbillionsofdollarstothe 
stale. 

9. Fee incrases lead to the ellcluSion of large groups of our 
population, particularly those of Iow-income/working class status. 
People of color make up the bulk oflhese group6. Weopposc the lack 
of cuhural diversity that this in tum leads 10. . 

10. Faculty andstaffsbould feel free toexptesS their positions on 
the fee hikes wilhout fear of retribution. The Academic Senate 
sbould tatcan ellplicitstance on this issue. If acommiaeeof students 
is needed to pn!SCDl their case, one will be povided. 

II. We WID accc:ss ID all daIa detailing !he IIIIaric:s (Illd benefiIs) of 
!he IDIjor UnilIistJIkiiS on Ibis~ We aIIo WID detailed daIa on 
die gIOWth ~ lIkniaiauiWn COII.,.ed ID SIUdc:nIs ani faculty, histori-
~,1Il UCSD and far the UC as 'a wboIe. 

12. We are me only UC campus withoala uoivasity-eupported 
Womc:a'sCelllc:r. Wedo indeed need such aceoter, CIOIIInry to Vice 
CNoceJ1or 10Iepb WIIlIOa', COI.DClIl tbII we do _ 

13. We aalize that'some Shrdeals In IIbeIinJ our method of 
CIIIeIiDa ~ halls as counraproduc:tn in that we wac too 
iulia ..... ." Weareaot ....... "buljultCIIIII #dShIdeoCS ~ 
is a .... off between spoI.eity I0Il beina'iDo orpnimL Mass 
.:dan involves 1qe:r JiOUPI than does individuaI8CIioo. We hope 
IblJllUbIIanlive issues and nol appc:arIDCeI wiD be ~ focus of 
debIIIe. 

- - 9IucIInIa 01 ... Ca .......... ROom 91-1n, 
Dhct AcIIon for EduceIIon 

CanIInuId ........ 4 
falsely portrayed. several members 
openly objecled to the publicarion 
of her piece: of mud-slinging trash. 

We. as a fraternity, are noI overly 
concerned about Ms. Tashiro's 
claims, seeinJ how they are So far-
fetdoed. Seriously, we don't lynch 
Black people, nor are We members 
of !he Ku Klux Klan. 

The: thouaIJI ~ a.nociII fJ-.ility 
on CMIpUI .... pia ill ticks out ~ 
Iynchina African-Amaicalil illick 
IIId dc:malfed. lllia upon lie raJ-
ian scale with the 1liiy who pvc bidh.,. 6OO-pound etephlnl while 
Ibe was ftoIIina in • ftyina -= 

over the Price Center. 
I wish that Ms. Tashiro and her 

blind band of followers would stop 
insulting our ilJlelligence. We don't 
rr.aIIy ellpecl any rationally think-
ing huma1 being to believe such 
oudandishlies.lf,however,youdo 
believe Ma. Tashiro, maybe the pa-
per yOu IbouId be reading is Th~ 
NatiDnlll EnquUn" or TM Star. 

1bouah unscathed by the attack, 
thefoundc:nofLlmbdaPhiEpsilon 
_ COIiceuaed with the question of 
raponIibIe joumaIism in campus 
publicIIionI. 

CIeIrty. faIIe ICCUlIIions dan-
prouaIy .trect III orpnizIdons on 
CII11JUI. ThedlnlFofbcinafallely 
libeled. a racist in today's society 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Time to Wake Up and Smell the Coffee 
Abortion is in vel)' real danger. 

The Supreme Coon is now stacked 
againstabomon, with only Iwo pro-
choice juslices (Srevens and 
Blackmun). ln the House of Repre-
sentatives. there are 188 pro-
choicers, 170 pro-lifers and 77 
undecided types. That's awfu I close. 
1be Senate is even scarier: 42 pro-
choicers to 32 lifers with a measly 
26 swing votes! 

The pro-life lobby is trying to 
pass anti-<:hoice legislalion in an 
anempt to accelerate lhe demise of a 
woman's most important health care 
issue. InCalifomia,Senale Bill 1232 
(defeated in May. 1991), and As-
sembly Constirutional Amendmem 
28 (up for vote) anacked women's 
righlS peripherally. trying to innocu-
ously pull the rug out from underthe 
freedom of choice. Bill 1232 would 
have prohibited abonions on the 
basis of the fetus' gender and setthe 
stage for the entrapment and intimi-
dation of pity icians willing to per-
fonn abortions. Amendmenr 28. if 
passed, will deny teenagers the righr 
to health care without parental con-
sent. 

Most important, however, is the 
fact that there are seven cases in rhe 
federal courts that threaten Roe v. 

Wad~. The Supreme Coun has 
agreed to hear Planned Par~fllhood 
of SOUlh~asTern Pennsylvania v. 

Cas~y. TIle Coun will have to rule 
on a 1989 PeMsylvania statute that 
forces women to wait 24 hours be-
fore geuing an abomon, to endure 
anti-<:hoice "advice" (read: intimi-
dation), and infonn their husbands 
before geuing an abortion. 

When this case hit the Third Cir-
cuit Coun of Appeals in October of 
1991, itbecamecIearwomen 's righlS 
were in danger of suffering a tre-
mendous setback. The Court 
shrugged off Roe v. Wode as the law 
of the land and sanctioned any law 
that would not impose a "severe" or 
"drastic" burden on a woman's right 
to choose. In other words, intimida-
tion is a-okay. When the Supreme 
Court hears this case, Roe v. Wade 
will undoubtedly come: into play. 
and because of the way our wonder-
ful Republican presidenlS have set 
up the Coon, freedom of choice 
may easily become history. 

1be "Gag Rule," which prohib-
ilS federally-funded family planning 
programs from saying the A-word 
to any woman who needs help. is 
still in place. TIle fightto reverse lhe 
MGag Rule" is going on as you read 
this, but with George Bush at the 
helm of this sony ship. the road to 
success is a nasty obstacle course. 
Remember, when you vote for 
George Bush, you are voting for a 

could be fatal to any organization, 
not just a fraternity. I do believe in 
free speech, but newspapers such as 
the Guardian and MOfMfllum must 
distinguish themselves from other 
smut mags. 

Even in the Opinion section, edi-
tors must noI let flagrant lies and 
false accusations tenoriu our com-
munity. It is true that name-bashers 
and mudslingers are prevalent 
throughout the world, and stopping 
them from their sadistic habits is 
almost impossible. But, as a society 
we do not have to succumb 10 their 
perverse pleasures. 

The Brodien fill .......... PIli 
EprIIon 

DaYid Lee (CIWrman) 

man who believes abonion should 
be outlawed and who has repeatedly 
vetoed legislalion lhal would have 
allowed for funds for poor women 
to obtain abortions. even in the case 
of rape and incest. If you VOle Re-
publican. you are voting against 
women's righls. 

] am not wriling this 10 enter a 
debate wilh the pro-lifers. who care 
more about religion and men' rights 
than women. but to infolTll my read-
ers lhat something needs to happen. 
that we need 10 make our voice 
heard through action and contribu-
tions. 

San Diego has the worst record 
in America when ir comes 10 voting 
on women's rights legislation. You 
may not know this. but our repre-
sentalives are all Bible-thumping 
I)'pes that are in favoroflhe binhing 
process, but not committed to the 
child's life. Congressmen Duncan 

HUOler. Bill Lowery. Randy 
Cunningham and Ron Packard are 
all Republicans whose track records 
show them to be enamored of the 
righl 10 binh and nOlhing else. 1 
think the tenn "pro-life" should be 
thrown out as regards these men 
since the record shows them to be 
against "life" in the fullest and most 
just sense of the word. 

On LA. 's most popular talk ra-
dio show. progressive commenta-
tor Tom Likius argued that Roe 1', 
Wade would be ovenumed for the 
simple reason that he is beginning to 
believe that American just don 't 
care and the ones who do are a 
bunch of lazy bums. " I don ' t hear 
the anti-<:hoice protestors whining 
about not having lime 10 show up in 
numbers" Likius said. 

It 's lime 10 consider where you 
land on choice. Are you willing to 

live in a society Ihat does nor allow 
women acce to health care? I sus-
pect that San Diegans are not being 
properly represented by their four 
congressmen. People need to wake 
up! If you Ihink women deserve 
more than just being baby-machines 
subordinate to the will of a bunch of 
men in government. then wake up 
and make yourself seen or fell. 
whether it be by infolTll ing yourself 
when voting or helping out. 

Write Now! 
The UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters and commenuuies. 
Drop your letterat the Guardia" offices (on lhe second floor oflhe 
old Student Cenler. above the General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
GutITdiIIn 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9209Ml16 

Letters should be typed, double-~ and must iI/elude a f.¥UTle and 
phone nwnber. Unsigned letters wiU not be printed. Letter wrilers will 
be catacted to verify their identities. We reserve the right to edit for 
length and clarity. 

COME TRAVEL IN INDIA 

.... 
.... ftI'I._ 
.... 

....... 

JUNE 28 
!!JULY24 

frII .. ... 
IIIPcII 5-1. • .... r -I. 

:'11£ 1(800) 
400-8372 



6 NEWS 

PRINCE 
~fram""1 
the anorney's quesaions. 

Sheela al so suggested that 
Schultz intended to return to work at 
Les Girls, a ituation that Bums 
admitted would have hurt him. 

"Didn'l you lell her thai if she 
wemback (10 LesGirlsJ, you 'd leave 
her?" Sheela asked. 

"(told her .•. if she went back to 
dancing again in the future, I'd 
leave," Bums recalled. "00 Thurs-
day [the day before Schultz's mur-
derJ, he lold me she wasn 't going to 
go back to dancing. 

"( lold her ( disapproved. and I 
believe that was the main reason she 
SlOpped. It hurt me, it hurt her ... 
he'd come home crying every day 

because she didn't want to do it.. .. 
She said she couldn' t tand herself 
when she was doing it. She didn' l 
quit because I asked her to ... the 
only reason she [dancedJ was fOrlhe 
money," he said. 

"She wasn' t the kind of girl you 
couldtellwhattodo," Bum said."1 
tried to tell her it bothered me a lot. 
but I would support her if he really 
wanted to do it." 

Sheela's questions were inter-

rupICd repelledly by objections from 
Assistant DiSlrict Attorney Dan 
Lamborn, who was angered by ' 
Sheela's suggestions thai Bums was 
a drug user and was only testifying 
to divert attention away from his 
own guilt. 

Shortly after Schultz's death, 
Bums was anated for her murder. 
But police rele8scd him soon after. 
saying they lackedenoughevidcnce 
10 link him 10 the crime. 

Bums denied receiving a phone 
call from Schultz on the day of her 
murder, but Sheela insisaed that 
Schultz had 'called Bums that day 
and told him she was planning on 
returning to dancing. 

"Themoming Schultz was killed, 
she told a girlfriend . . . she was go-
ing back to dancing. and that Chri 
wasn 't going to be happy," Sheela 
said during a break in the hearing. 
"There i significantly more evi-
dence pointing to Bums [as Schultz' 
murderer] than to Princc." 

"(SchultzJ was tabbed over 50 
times in the chest." said defense co-
counsel Loren Mandel. "That is a 
rage killing. Today. we heard from 
the person who was really angry at 
[SchultzJ." 

But the prosecuting attorneys 

The UCSD Guardian 

decried defense suuestions that 
Bums was the ectuaI killer. 

"We can't charge a person for a 
murder just because someone said 
he may have hit [Schulrzl," said 
Assistant District Attorney Rick 
Oabby. 

He added that, "given the foren-
sic evidence. the position of the 
body, and the stab patterns," 
Schultz's murder seems clearly 
linked 10 the other five slayings as-
cribc!d to the "Oaircmonr Killer." 

Among the six women Prince i 
charged with killing is UCSD stu-
dentlanene Marie Weinbold. 

In addition to Bums ' testimony, 
otherwitnesses includcdaco-wOIicer 
of Pamela Oark, who was mur-
dered along with herdaughtcr Am-
ber on Sept. 13, 1990. The co-
worker, Victoria Sue Kempf, re-
counted her discovery of Pamela 
Oark ' body. 

Prosecution attorneys a1socalled 
several members and employees of 
Ihe Family Fitness Center on 
Miramar Rd. in further attempts to 
link Prince to the center. 

Several victims of the burglaries 
and murders Prince is charged with 
committing wcre Family Fitness 
members. 

sununer ded ~elP.N~ 
11l IiJ1i11 Mexico. Ecuador. Paraguay. 

Co ta Rica. Dominican Republic, Brazil 

Work • Share • Live • Learn 
You can have a ummer fu ll of adventu re 
and per ona1 growth while impr ving 
health for people of Latin America . .. 

Volunteer! 
Spaces still available for 
this summer. Call Today! 

Write or call: 
Amigo de las Americas 
5618 Star Lane 
Hou ton, Texas 77057 

8001231-7796 
713n82-5290 

Reprding the count of illepl 
possalionof 8 weapon injllil Prince 
is charpd with. Deputy Sheriff 
Michael Nichols testified IhIt on 
Dec. 7. 1991, he discovered a 
"shank" - a modified ramr taped 
to the end of a toothbrush - hidden 
in Prince's muimum sa:urity cell. 

1be prosecution plans 10 rest its 
case today, with the entire prelimi-

GRADES 
CfIiIII ......... 3 

Ramila.lllidlhcalsobelieved 
the $ I O,(XX)CIOIt wouIdbe'"wor1h 
it in the long run." 

"At some poinl. we may de-
cide 10 send only Spring [Quar-
ter) grades," said Assistant ReI-
istrar and Admissions OfflCerof 
Studena Systems Myra Webb. 
"Students would have 10 call for 
grades from other quarters." 

If the regiSb'Urdecides 10 send 
only spring grades, the process 
would not begin until next fall. 

According to Hickok-
Broxton, there are future plans 10 
expand ISIS 10 include admis-
sions and fmancial aid infonna-
lion and apaymcnt-by-tclephone 

Thursday. MardI 11, 1991 

nary hearing expected to conclude 
tomorrow. 

After boch sides rest their cases, 
Municipal Court ludge Patricia 
Cowen will decide if there is enough 
evidence to hold Prince over for 
trial. 

In addition 10 the six murders, 
Prince is charged with 26 other 
felony counts. 

sys&em. 
According to Web(;, the cur-

rail padeprocessingsysaem will 
continue 10 be used. In this sys.-
tem. insbuctors tum in grades 
on op-a:an forms which are fed 
through an 0JHC8I1 reader and 
converted into a fonn that is 
Ioedcd inlO student information 
fila. Registrar persomel then 
review error reports and manu-
ally inputlaJe grades. 

A series of programs is then 
run 10 calculate students' stand-
ing and prov~ honors and to 
catch lapsed incompletes or un-
reported grades. Student copies 
of transcripts are then printed 
and mailed. Webbestimatcd the 
process takes about eight work-
ing days. 

The UCSD Program in Technology 
and Entrepreneurship 

How TO STAllT AND MANAGE A HIGH-TEcH CoMPANY 
WEDNESDAYs, Alan.. 8 TIIllOUGH MAY 13,1992,7-9 1.M. 
Participants willieam about the components that lead to the 
founding, survival and success of a new business venture. 
Featuring high-tech entrepreneurs as guest lecturers and 
role-playing. 

Instructor: T'lDlOthy J. WoUacger 
A successful manager and entrepreneur, WoUaegcr is President 
& CEO of the Sutter Corporation and a General Partner in 
Biovest Panners (the seed venture capital firm which founded 
five San Diego high-tech companies). 

Fee: $165; free to 20 UCSD Graduate Students. 
Call x46114 to. register, 

mus_v 

-... /' .. 
/ ' ''-. . 
• • 

Study 
Abroad In 
-Australia 
-Britain 
-Ireland 
-New Zealand 

WIIBW"'r7rMm 

Carolyn 'X'alson . 
representing the Butler Unl\'efSity 
tnstltute ror Study Abroad. will 
meet with student Interested in 
1992-93 program ror under-
g"ddua~e studIes In Australia, 
Britain, Ireland. and New Zealand 
from : 

Monday, March 30, 1992 
I I :00 a.m. Gr. Britain 

and I reland 
2:00 p.m. A ustralia and 

ew Zealand 
(nt 'l Center Conrerncc Rm . 

tnstitute for Study Abroad 
Bull.,. Uni""nlty. 4600 Sunaet 
A""nue, IndlanapoU .. IN 46108 
317/283-9336 or totl ftft 
11800-'}68-685l Ext. 9336 

Opportunities 
"Australia 
at thirteen universities 

-Great Britain 
at 19 universities & 
polytechnic : INSTEp, 
Cambridge & London 

"Ireland 
at four universities 

-New Zealand 
at two universitle 

• 

'lbunday. March 11, 1992 

COOPS 
ContInued from .... 1 
General Counsel's office. who ~ 
resenlS the university, oontends that 
the ball has been returned to the c0-
ops' court. 

"I wrote and made a proposal to 
[the co-ops]. They rejected it and 
haven't come up with a counter-
proposal," she said. "My understand-
ing is that the co-ops are making a 
proposal to us." Beam said she is 
expecting to tar from the co-ops 
sbortJy. 

Another issue that has irritated 
SOI11eC(M)J' members is a memo that 
was sent from Director of the inter-
nal Audit Office Miles Bowler to 
the co-ops which stated that the c0-
ops musaadhere to university policy 
for food vendors. The policy stipu-
lates that food suppliers must have 
$1 million to $3 million in liability 
insurance. 

Andy Howard, a student actiyist 
and co-op member who works at the 
Ole Cafe, said the memo is an at-
tempt to treat the co-op food ven-
dors like university businesses. 

''1hey're acting like we're a din-
ing service or something," he said. 
"11Iey'J'C implying that we're pari 
of the university, not a srudent orga-
nization. It's as if we're employees 
of TUcker and Watson." 

However, Bowler argues that the 
policy is not specific to Dining Ser-
vices and that it applies to all univ~­
sity Ol'8anizaJions, which include 
student organizations. 

leffCorbett, manageroftheGen-
eral Store CO-OP. said that the policy 
will not be a problem for the General 
Store, but might present a problem 
for food vendors such as the Food 
eo-q, because the liability required 
for food suppliers is a very expen-
sive policy. 

Another recent devclopment is 
that the non-academic grievances 
filed by the students against the uni-
versity have at last begun to be ad-
dressed. Those grievances, filed 
within the university, included al-
leged improprieties such as the Gen-
eral Store break-in. 

1be university's solution was to 
conduct an informal resolution, for 
which conflicting parties meet to 
talk a problem through. Student lead-
ers were not satisfied with the 
university's response. 

"We met with Watson about the 
non-academic grievances and noth-

The UCSD Guardian 

ComplIed .., De¥Id Snow. StIIIf Wlfter 
Wldrlld ,.".4: 
1:30 B.m.: A male student reported receiving threatenir« phone calls at his 
Pepper ~ Apartment. 
1:34 a.m.: A 41i'!ar-old male non-affiliate was arrested for drivi~ while 
intoxicated In Lot 357. He was transported to the county jail . 
FIItIIIJ .... 8: 
4:10 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '89 Ford Thundett>lrd from Lot 
305. Loss: $15.000. 
11 p.m.: Two male norHJffitiates, ages 17 and 19, were arrested for 
burJlalY In Lot 208. 

~.Mar.7: 
9 B.m. : A 27·year-1)1d male no~affiliate and a 25-year-1)ld female student 
were arrested for battering one another at a Miramar Street residence. 
11:39 p.m.: All 18-year-old male student was arrested for improper use of a 
handicap placard and possession of an altered driver's license in Lot 503. 
SundIry. _. 8: 
5:30 p.m.: A 21-year-1)ld female student suffered a broken leg at the 
Spanos soccer field. She was transported to Scripps Memorial Hospital by 
paramedics. 
Tueeday. Mar. 10: 
10 a.m.: A manager reported the theft of approximately $1,480 in cash 
from Espresso Roms's safe. The money was recovered. 
1 p.m.: A 30-year-old male no~affiliate was arrested for illegal lodging at 
the old bookstore. 

ing got done," said Dubb. 
"They responded very late and it 

was basically a non-response. They 
acted as if we hadn't tried an infor-
mal resolution yet," Howard said. 

Some co-q> leaders said they 
still feel thai the university is not 
willing to communicate. 

"The university has refused our 
attempts to talk with them," Dubb 
said. According to Dubb, the uni-
versity wants to negotiate only 
through binding arbitration. 

Beam does not agree. She said 
that the university has not refused to 
communicate with the co-ops. 
"We've been writing back and forth 
on a regular basis," she noted. 

"Just because I proposed bind-
ing atbitration does not mean that 
that is the only thing possible. The 
doors are still open," Beam added. 

Beam proposed binding arbitra-
tion, in which the university and the 
co-ops would each choose one rep-
resentative for negotiations. Those 
two would choose an impartial third 
party, and the three would formu-
late a non-negotiable solution. Her 
proposal was rejected by co-op rep-
resentatives. who have not formu-
lated a response. 

Burnett contended that the co-

ops are still working on possible 
litigation against the university. 
"Right now, we are in the midst or 
deciding what legal route we are 
going to take," Burnett said. 

According to Beam, the univer-
sity will not resist legal action. "liti-
gation is a last possibility. [The uni-
versity 1 is in it whether we want to 
be or not. It's up to [the co-opsJ. If 
they want to go ahead with litiga-
tion, we're prepared" 

"Wc've exhausted administra-
tive routes. Now we're working to 
file an amended complaint," Howard 
said According to Howard, the new 
complaint will deal with the issues 
in a broader and more comprehen-
sivesense. 

Contrary 10 the students' senti-
ments that the university is stalling, 
Beam said she feels that there has 
not been a significant break in 
progress. 

"Both sides are making a good-
faith effort to keep things going. 
When you get involved in a legal 
process, it takes a long tirne. No one 
is dragging their feet. It's just the 
nature of the process," she said. 

According to Bowler, the Inter-
nal Audit office is hoping to com-
plete the co-op audit by early April. 

KAPLAN 
TEST PREP 
~ We Set The 

Standard ... ~ 

K:Jplan offers the only incUvldualized test prep 
COUfSL'S in the ('()untry. l() help you achieve }'our 
highest score. we set the stallu;mJ and will work 
with you to custumize il program that best suits 
your personal need~. 

Kaplan courses begin with you! 
• StIr! \'our rour.;e the dav rou enroll with 

profc~~i()nallr structured,' up·to·the-minute 
hOllle·study materi:Jls 

• Set your own pace ami strengthen weaknesses 
with unlimited access to our TEST -N-TAPE 
I.c-Jrning LJh You Set TIle Pace. 

-----~IC\T IG~li\T 
GRE/LSAT 

I STANLEY H. KAPLAN . EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD. 

• Dynamic li\'c c1asscs with highly 4ualilieu 
instrll<.'lOr.; 

• Personal attention with extrJ help tutorial 
S(.'Ssions 

• Usc of ISO Kaplan Centers nationwide 
• Special repeat polky (;l'ik for uetails) 
• Scholar.;hip assisl:Jnce (if qualified) 

Etlmlf now! C;tll your nea rest ~ipl ;t n Center today, 
or call toll · free: 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

CLASSES STARTING NOWI 
4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

San Diego, CA 92117 . 2n-6744 

the 

NEWS 7 

Swimwearin 
San Diego! 

Pacific Beach 
4627 Mission Blvd. 
Parking in rear 
Open 10-6 everyday 
Mission Beach 
3777 Mission Blvd. 
Parking in rear 
Open 10-6 everyday 
~ We also carry [).cups, 
IJ.D cups, au padded 
push up ulUkrwlres 

.¢f.(!) Wat ~~I!ItZf ~ t . en 
r.--------, ~ 

...... II ...... IICIIIII 11 001 .. , •• II I !5 1 10 _Ua-.nJ I = 
L Exp.-4I3O/92 CI 

- - - - - - - - --"-----'---"""-......:...---'-"-==.1 



8 NEWS 

COME WITH OS THIS SUIMERI 

ESA·ABROAD 
A SUMMER STUDY PROGRAM 

a.lPlln ..... _ 
~ ••. "'IiIIiI.~ 

'--li,. __ CIIII 
CHIIA 

- EGYPT 
-Wa.TOIDCI 

LOBI 
- IiERMUY 

- EN6UJD/FRAICE: 
- JAPAJI 
- MEXICO 
- RUSSIA 
- SPAll 
-IIDiA 

1Q 

OlYMPIC FITIESS 
AID IUTRI1'II 

- LOIDOI/PlRIS: FASHION 

fit fIE IrLh: I. 
1PIVeI ..... III ills cal: 

SAM DIM (Oll[Gf (818) 827-2882 7250 Mesa College Drive San Diego, California 92111 
LA SflttDflLE 

ALP S 
EARTH SANDALS 

lEVA 
DE CKERS 

S PORT SANDALS REEF 
M EN- W OMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWNI 
l4I SAnDALE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 9 2109 
488-1134 

The Age of Romance and Opulence 
gives way to the 20th century 

Cone/uctors 
Thomas Nee, orchestra - David Chase, chorus 

Brahms· Two Choral Quartet., opus 112 
Wolf· Italian Serenade 

Webern • Entflleht auf Lelchten Klhnen 
Webern - ~/ow Movement for String Quartet 

Schoenberg - Friede auf Erden 
Mahler· Symphony No.9 

1st and 3rd movements 

LA JOLLA 
SY~1PHONY 
&CHORUS 

SAT., MARCH 14 - 8:00 PM 
SUN., MARCH 15 - 3:00 PM 

UCS 0 Mandeville Auditorium 
$5-$10, UCSD Box Office, 

Ticketmaster & at the door. 
Telephone: 534-4637 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

BILL 
CGntInued ......... 1 

-rhc problem," said Campus 
Lobby Director Colin Wilson, "is 
that Iegislalors seem 10 be lining up 
along party lines. The Senaae Re-
publicans almosl unanimously 
haven't supported [the bill]. If we 
can persuade even a ponion of the 
Republicans 10 support it, then it 
will open the dooc for [Governor) 
Wilson's support. .. 

UCSDAssociatedStudents Vice 
PresidentofExlemalAffairsSiamak 
MaleJc.notcd that a system similar to 
the one AB 1884 proposes, caIJed 
the Memoranda of Understanding, 
already exists at Ua..A between the 
students and adminiSU1ltion. 

Even if the bill is enacted, the 
regents are not legally bound to 
implement it. 

However, Wilson predicted thai 
the regents are likely to support a 
law that concern only campus-
based fees, as i the case with AB 
1884. 

According to a UCSA new re-
lease, AB 1884 contains provisions 
which would give the tudent body 
association of each campus author-
ity to establish referendum proce-
dures. Referenda allow students to 

ARREST 
ContInued from pa&e 3 

At this point, the parlcing officer 
jumped out of the truck, and blocked 
Burnett's path, Burnett said. He de-
scribed the officer as visibly upset 
and said that he and the officer be-
gan to argue. 

"r was saying that I had done 
nothing wrong, that I had only been 
parked there for fifteen minute . I 
kept telling him that I've got to get 
to class." Bumen said. 

Burnen also indicated that the 
parking officer never explained the 
reasons why he had been detained. 

TIle parking officer then pro-
ceeded to check on Bumen's park-
ing record. 

Burnen aid he i scheduled to 
appearincounforpreviousparking 
violations, but that hi record isclean. 

vote fororapinll propoIed IIIIIIda-
lOr)' campus-lIMed fee DICR and 
the creation of new fees. 

UCSA leaders claim dial under 
the current sysaem. vape guide-
lines reprding these elections have 
allowed university adminisuaIors to 
secure funding for "pet projects" 
and "dream facilities" by setting up 
elections thar validale their proposed 
fee increases, but do not necessarily 
represenl the popular will of the 
students. 

"'The bill is absolutely neces-
sary," Malek said. 

-rhc administration uses the 
election process 10 ~~ our student 
fees, and they run the elections. It's 
wldemocratic. (The bill] will give 
us a reasonable amount of control 
overourownassets," Malek contin-
ued. 

Lobby DireclOr Wilson, whotes-
tified before the Senate Education 
Committee in favor of AB 1884, 
commented, "We need something 
that will give the administration and 
students a clear framework within 
which to work, and which will ~ 
tect the democratic rights of the 
todents." 

Wilson pointed to the 1990 
UCSD Recreation, Intramural , Ath-
letic and Event Center (RIMAC) 

As the parking officer moved to 
the back of his car, Bumett began to 
back up agai n. At this point, the 
officer claimed that Bumett had run 
into him. 

In piteofbeing threatened with 
arre 1, Burnendrove away. He was 
stopped by a police car by the Old 
Student Center. 

According to Burnett, he was 
then placed under arrest and the 
parking officer changed his story, 
saying that Burnett was not attempt-
ing to hit him. 

Burnett was released by campus 
police without being charged. 

Bumett said that he and the same 
parking officer were involved in a 
confrontation two months ago, when 
Bumett 's car was fitted with a tire-
boot which prevents the wheel from 
tuming and the car from moving. 

"I feel when he saw me ... he was 

Thunday, Man:b 12, 1992 

referenda election as evidence of 
administrative manipulation of the 
election process. The RlMAC fee, 
he argued, should have been pre-
sented as a new fee, which would 
have requimJ a two-thirds vote to 
pass. 

It was instead combined with the 
exi ting Canyonview Recreation 
fee, and presented as a fee increase. 
The approval for a fee increase only 
requires a simple majority. The 
RlMAC fee WlSapproved with51.2 
pcn:eru of the voce. 

AS 1884 would allow srudent 
representalive bodies to detennine 
wt. pm;entage of approving VOles 
would be necessary 10 pass a fee 
measure, and whaI pen:entage of 
the total studau body would need to 
voce 10 validate the election. 

The RIMACelection guidelines 
required a 20 pen:ent tumout, and 
21.3 percent of UCSD students 
voted. 

The bill also stipulates that un-
dergraduate and graduate votes will 
beconsideredseparately, wtIess both 
panies agree to have their votes 
counted together. The proportion-
ately small number of graduate stu-
dents has led some to claim that they 
are underrepresented in the elec-
tions. 

pinpointing my truck," said Bumett. 
No legal action has been filed 

against the pol ice as of yet. Burnett 
i currently in contact with Student 
Legal Services and an outside aUor-
ney. 

TIle situation with Burnett i the 
second controversial incident thi 
quarter to involve campus police. 
Last month. a visual arts student 
was arrested for obstructing justice 
when he anempted to videotape a 
UCSD police officer. 

.... Readit. 

.,. Recycleit. 

The Guardian 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

I ow you can keep up your active tift~tyle 
with lighted tennis 
courts, sand voDey-
baD courts and fully 
equipped fitness 
centeffi, just steps 
from your own 
front door. 
• Furnished and unfurnished studio. one and two bedrooms 
• Location close to campus 
• Tak ad antage of Oakwood's reduced deposils with letter 

of enrollm nl or campus 1.0 . 
You'lI also enjoy Oakwood's resort quality swimming pools, 
spa ,saunas, party rooms, big screen 1V room: ...... '!"~ 
and barbecue areas. 

Po r Illtonnatlon or rt"*,l'\iaUon,, on locutions In pactnc Beach . Coronado. Mtsslon 
Vull{- o r La Jolla please call 6. 9-490-2400. Or tor tnrormatlon on o~er 50 
tocotlons natlon,.,lde pll'asc all • -800-888-0808. ~. 
todels open dall 9-6. Son'Y no J)('18 ~ 

Thursday, March 12, 1992 

PROTEST 
ContInued from ..... 1 

The protestors are also asking 
for a full investigation into the 
charges thar Wilson put UC Berke-
ley graduate student Daniel 
FinkenthaJ in achokehold IDl threw 
him to the ground Friday afternoon, 
when Finkenthal tried to force 
Watson's office door open during 
the protest. 

Watson has admitted to physi-
cally removing FinkenthaJ from the 
office and justified his action as 
preventing a "potentially danger-
ous situation." 

F"lnkenthaJ said thai he reported 
the incident 10 UCSD police Tues-
day, but fears that the incident may 
be ignored. "I'm concerned about 
it," he said. "Now it is in the 
administration's hands .... They 
could drop the ball." 

UCSD Police Detective Douglas 
O'Dell said he has not yet spoken 
with either of the panies involved 
or any of the eyewitnesses. O'OCU 
added that the prosecutor's office 
will detennine whether to press 
charges after a police investigation. 

The protestors' final demand is 

to meet with Olancellor Richard 
Atkinson about the tudent empow-
ennenl 

DirectorofSpeciai Services Nick 
Aguilar, acting as the administra-
tion'sliaison, said during Tuesday's 
confrontation. "(The chancellor) has 
been available to the students in the 
past, and I have no reason to believe 
that he won't in the future," 

Several protesters responded 
with cries of uBulishitl" 

The study-in began Friday after 
a crowd assembled at the Triton Pub 
for a student fee protest conducted 
an impromptu march to the 
chancellor' scomplex and took over 
a conference room. According to 
the protestors, they spent three day 
in the room without being np-
proachedbyadministrationofflCial . 

On Monday, the students held a 
press conference to state theirgriev-
ances. '''The UChasgiven a lot to the 
corporations in California I think 
it's fair they give back by giving 
more back to the state." said first-
year student Nick Andres. 

The protest came 10 a head Tues-
day afternoon as protestors congre-
gated around Watson's office and 
pounded on his door to the cham of 

The UCSD Guardian 

"Fight! Fight! Fight! Education is a 
right!" Aguilar anempted to move 
the crowd back into the conference 
room. but the protestors resisted. 

"We don', want to meet in the 
conference room," said Third Col-
lege senior Jennifer Danek. "We 
want to meet out here. in front of the 
media. in front of concerned stu-
dents. Right here." 

The infonnal meeting grew tense 
on the i ue of transportation funds. 
Aguilar said that the tudems had 
demanded one bus Friday, but upped 
their demand to three Tuesday. The 
students responded that they wanted 
as many buses as would be neces-
sary to transport the entire protest 
delegation to Sacramento_ 

The meeting became confronta-
tional when the crowd then began to 
chant "No more Nick! We want 
Dick!" after Aguilar said that he 
could not authorize funds for the 
group's transportation. Aguilar 
added, "You have to keep your fo-
cus. The focus is not here. It is not 
the UCSD administration .. .. Any-
one with conunon sense knows that 
your c~ibility will be eroded if 
you limit your focus to UCSD:' 

A wall of tudents. three-deep. 

formed in froot of Watson ' door, 
while Aguilar suggested to the stu-
dents that they ~y not have fully 
considered the implications of their 
demands. "If you get funding from 
u , then you become lackeys of the 
administration." he said. 

One unidentified. student re-
sponded, "You are supposed to sup-
port u ." 

The protestors said they were 
prepared to stay in front of Watson's 
office. "We're organized, we're 
here. and we're not leaving until we 
get what we want," Finkenthal said. 
"This is IlOsymbolic blockade. There 
will bellO 'business as usual ' here.;' 

"The reality is that the adminis-
tration is here because of u ." said 
Third College senior Alexi 
Villadrouin. "Respect is all we're 
asking for. And money." 

The students blockaded the door 
throughout Tuesday night. 

Wednesday moming, Watson 
made the offer of $2,000 for trans-
portation costs, but the protestors 
denounced the offer as in ufficient 
and expressed u pic ion that it was 
a token gesture by the administra-
tion to defuse the situation. 

However, Watson refused to 

It can help you 
organiZe your notes, 

deSigI} your pqrty flye~ 
and finish your class project 

before sprtng break 
The new Apple· Madnta;h· Classic" II Madntosh and MS-OO fonnatted disks-

computer makes it easier for you to juggle allowing you to exchange information easily 
classes, activities, projectS, and term papers- with aima;t any other kind of computer. 
and still find time for what makes college life If you already own a Madntosh Classic, and 
real life. ,A ' _ ... 1111!!1! ...... _~ want the speed and flexibility 

It's a complete and of a Macintosh Classi II, ask us 
affordable MadntQ5h Classic about an upgrade-it can be 
system that's ready to heIp you installed in a maner of minutes 
get your work finished fast and it's affordable. 
It's a snap to set up and use. To make more time 
It has a fXJwerful ~30 micro- for your personal life, get a 
processor, which means you Madnt h Classic U for your 
can run even the most personal pace. See us for a 
sophisticated applications with demonstration today, and 
ease. Among irs many built-in while you're in, be ure to ask 
capalilities is the intemal Apple • --- us for details about the Apple 
SuperDrive'" disk drive Computer Loan. 
thaI reads from It'll be time well 
and writes to 

LJI SI J ~ UCSD BOOKSTORE t,( ), ),"",' r ( H~ t 
A COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 

OPEN: MON· FRI 9AM· 6PM AND SAT lOAM - 5PM 

pent. 

C 1'191 AppI< IAtrIputcr 're AppI<. iii< Apple ~ and~" art ,."..traI.mn.uru >nd . """" •• Indtrn.tr\ uI ArI* uwnpuk'< '''' M~IlO\". rqp m:d "3d<"",,, 
oI lOCrooL11 C«pora.on IIq" ,<r,<I "ld"".,\ II<CI.,,"" ArrIt "'""""" I... 111 ad . cru"'h ... .-- \OOnl<,.I""""""m 

NEWS 9 

commit more than the $2,000. 
Sociology gr.lduate student An-

gela Lintz said, " If we' re not going 
to get the leiter from them, we' re at 
least going to get the fund~," 

At varying points in the day, the 
prot~tors lowered their demands 
to as low as $3 ,()(x). But administra-
tors maintained their original offer. 

At approximately 10:30 a.m .. 
Aguilartold the protestors the disci-
plinary actions for tudents block-
ing areas to university facilitie. 
which include fines, community ser-
vice and probation. Over an hour 
after the 45-minute warning period 
had expimJ, Aguilar told the pro-
testors that the matter was out of the 
administration 's hands, and under 
the control of UCSD police. Offic-
ers then continued to observe the 
protest without incident. 

" B:::; ically these are empty 
threats," Finkenthal said. "They ' re 
so afraid of publicity that they are 
not even going to charge us with a 
real crime." 

News EdItor Mary Betty Heard, 
Senior Staff Writers Melinda 
Hamilton and Ben Boychuk and 
Staff Writer David Snow contrib-
uted to this report. 

• Full Set ......................... $16.95 
, Fills ................. ............ .. $1 0.95 
, Pedicure ........ ... ............ $1 0.95 
, Manicure ................ ... ... .. $5.95 

1476 GImeI Ave. Paclflc llelc:h (_., Hlnsl 
Ktnludly F,1Od Chct.en • PII\ng lot A,_ 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for re earch and 

diagnostics. plus earn up 
to $ 100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LABORATORIES 

226·1733 



\ . 

10 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, Marcb U, 1992 

JlWhat A Great Experience!" SHOOTOUT CGntInuId tom ..... 11 
night, but of course I was robbed. II 
was at the buzzer, clearly in time, 
buI it w~ disallowed by officials 
who were obviously in dire need of 
correcred vision at that moment. I 
would havemade the haJf<OW1shot 
100, and they knew it. and they were 
scaml. So in the inreresa of saving a 
little money, the corporate powers 
thai be cheated me out of a once-in-
a-lifetimechmce 10 win a free ticket 
to anywhen: in the U.S. on one of ' 
their stinking, decrepit. lousy air- : 
planes. Not .that I'm bitter or any-
thing. 

Learning the Language. 
Meeting People. oming face to 
face with histor ,art and archi-
tecture, ulture, food and fun . 
UNIVERSITY STUDIES 
ABROAD CONSORTIUM ... 

. Per nal attention. 
Fullyac redited - ourse Iran fer 
to your ' hool. We pro ide great 

la se in int",n ive language. 
hi try, anthr p log ,art, 
bu in s ,C onomi ,political 
sci en e.. . rgani/.ed (i Id trips 
and more. 
You provide Ihe m/frusia m ... 

Univer ity Studies 
Abroad Con orti urn 
Library - 322 
University of Nevada 
Reno, Nevada 89557-0093 
(702) 784-6569 

SOFfBAU 
ContInued fnn ..... 11 
the game was called. 

The Tritoosl3ll off len hits while 
Mounger limited the Bears to only 
four. 

CHILE· FRANCE. ITALY. SPAIN. AUSTRALIA 

"I'm glad we didn'l let down 
today," said Jarrell. "We should be 
able 10 hit this pitching and we 
needed to beat them. Now we just 
have to realize that we've got tough 
games ahead of us and that wc·re 
not invincible." 

STA TRAVEL 
\\l ' \l Illlil Ilrlll 

~ .AI. 
LONDON 221 42. 
FRAND'URT-311 120 
PARIS 310 H. 
COPENHAGEN _ 310 700 
TOKYO 311 124 
BALI 540 110 
SYDNEY H4 5.4 
GUATEIIALA _ 171 340 
MEXICO CITY _ 145 ZIO 
NYCIBOSIDC - - 303 
• ~ UTa AVAJLAaU 
• KUIlAIL JaUm 011 TIll: SPOT 
• FLY IIITO on CITY AlII) 

OUT AIIOTIID 
• n XlnBILITY/LIIiIITD) 

aaTlUCTlOD 
• ADVlCJ: nOli TID DPDTIJ 

120 OFFICES WORLDWIDE 
THREE L.A. LOCATrONS 
MELROSE (213) 1341722 
SANTA IIONICA (310) 3M 1121 
WDTWooD (310) 124 1&7. 

STlj 
STA TRAV£L 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
75 L 7 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

Churr:h School 9 a.m. 
Worship 10 a.m. 

"Feel the Spirit- RacUo 
~d~tKPRZ(1210~ 

every Sanclay, 11:3().12 NooD 

Dr. K.T. Calloway, Pastor 

-A Church For People 
011 the Grow-

The Office of Registrar is happy to 
preSent expanded telephone student services. 

Beginning in April you can use the new 
Telephone Student Services, TESS, to hear a 
list of your Winter Quarter grades as well as 

add/drop your Spring '92 classes. 

Call TESS at 495-1000, you'll be 
pleased with the results. 

Thanday, March 12, 1992 

SOFTBALl. 
ConIInueII hm .... 18 

The Tritons didn'l wait long to 
gel ::tarted at the plate either. Mel-
issa Mazanet singled in the first. 
stole second and reached third on a 
passed ball. Oean-up hiner Emily 
Rubin brought Mazanet home for 
UCSD's first score with a single of 
her own. 

After another three-up, three-
down iMing for the Bears, UCSD's 
scoring avalanche go( rolling. 

Theresa Swick.Ja staned UCSD 
off with a single that turricd into a 
double on a Coast Guard error in the 
outfield. She got hoolc: on a passed 
ball 10 begin the iming's scoring. 
The beleaguered Bears would not 

. be able 10 end the second until four 
more runs had crossed the plate:. 

The Coast Guard was able to 
hold off UCSD in the third inning, 
but the floodgates opened again in 
the fourth. This lime the Tritons 
bombarded Bear pitcher Stephanie 
Kalata for six runs. Bringing home 
scores for UCSD were Faith Franke, 
Lisa Mora, Mazanet, Teri Zuniga, 
Rubin and Lisa Gil. 

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from .... 14 
Todrovie . . 

LaPlante pointed out that Lynch 
played more aggressively than in 
cartier matches, panicularly hitting 
out more on her forehand. LaPlante 
thoughtLynch'sadju tment wasa 
key in her win. 

UCSD's Pam Haas, playing at 
number five singles, losl in a hard-
hitting malch to Breda Dean, 
64,64. 

"(Haas] wasn't quite as steady as 

Mazanec ended the flCSl game 2-
for-2 and a walk with three runs and 
an RBL Rubin was 2-for-3 wilh two 
RBI and a score. Overall, the team 
ended up with \0 hias, while the 
Bears managed 10 match Mazanel's 
output, garnering two hits them-
$elves. 

If you've seen one blowout 
you've seen them all. The second 
game was much like the first,only it 
took an iMing longerforthe Tritons 
to really get going. But not much 
longer- only unlil the third inning 
when Mora, Mazanet, Zuniga and 
Franke gave UCSD a 4-{) lead. 

There was more of the same in 
the fourth iMing for the Trilons. 
Pitcher u.cie Mounger led off with 
a single and came home two batters 
later on Franke's ingle. All in all, 
five members of lhe UCSD squad 
touched home in the fourth. 

TIle Tritons would have to wail 
until Ihe ixth 10 score again. 
Mazanet led off with a ingle and 
then came all the way home when 
Rubin tagged 4 double 10 the left 
field fence. Because UCSD opened 
a ten-run lead after the fifth inning, 

See SOFTBAll, Page 10 

he could have been," LaPlante said 
aftelWards. 

At number ix singles, Michelle 
Wilburcouldn't keep up with Brenda 
Bower as she lost in two tmight, 
6-3,6-3. 

"[Bower] came on during the 
end, and Michelle lost her inten-
sity," LaPlante said. 

lq the doubles, the Tritons' num-
ber one team of [naba and Nicole 
Housccame up hon against Murfy 
and Andersch, 6-3, 6-2. 

Haas and Lynch paired up at the 
number two pot for UCSD and 

3m1nut .. 
from UCSD 

FLOWER 
BASKET 

............. DELIVERY* 
Pie ••• place orders 24 hours in advance 
·20 minimum purchase 
• within 5 mil. radius of campus 

as always, 
10% OFF 
when you visit the store 
with your UCSD ID 

I 
WORLD WIDE FLOWER 

DELIVERY 
455·9900 

The UCSD Guardian 

OebIGu.wd.wI 
Faith Franke had two RBI and scored four runs in UCSO's win yesterday. 

faced off with Ihe Hu kies' team of 
Todorovieand Dean. Aftersplilting 
Ihe first Iwo sets, with lhe Huskies' 
combo winning the first 6-1 and 
UCSD the second 7-6, both leams 
decided il was gening too late and 
played a tie·breaker in place of a 
third set. TIle Hu kies pair won it, 
7-3. 

In the number three malch, the 
UCSD tandem of Chandler and 
Wilbur couldn'l handle Check and 
Svetlana Nedeljkobic as the Triton 
were whipped in two.slraight, 6-2, 
6-1. 

The Tritons don't play anolher 
malch for nearly a month when they 
will battle Ihe Banana Slugs of UC 
Santa Cruz at home on April 9. 

LaPlante thinks lheextended lay-
off will do Ihe Tritons some good 
considering their injury siluation. 
After just getting back from an el-
bow injury, Catherine Yim was side-
lined again for yesterday's match 
wilh an injured groin. 

To add to the Tritons' injury 
problems, Diane Chandler and 
Michelle Wilbur are both suffering 
from shin plints. 

SPORTSll 

SHOOTOUT 
ContInued from pa&e 16 
rooms 10 watch, Ihe couches won-
dering if maybe you're that iceman 
with the three-point shot Ihey're 
looking for. 

But you put all of that out of your 
mind, and you jusl concenlrate on 
the basket and the ball. 

You vi ualize the ball , sailing in 
a perfect are, swishing lightly 
through the net. Youhearlheroarof 
the crowd and are suddenly swept 
up on the shoulders of Ihe guys 
behind you for a lriumphanl victory 
lap. as Tom Marshall speaks to an 
assistant and mentions something 
about finding another unifonn and 
making some change in Ihe start-
ing lineup. You open your eye and 
release the ball. following ils per-
fect arc as it airballs and crashes 
down on the head of your dream 
girl. 

My success was rather limited in 
the Halflime Shootoul, which is 
slrange considering my past record 
of sporting triumph . 

I remember one shot in particu-
larduringthe hal ftimeoftheBethany 
College game. My three-point al-
tempt was quite simply the worst 
shot ever taken. It had all of the 
effectiveness but none of the beauty 
of an airball. This was a brick and a 
half. Somehow it managed to hit the 
pan of the backboard thaI touches 
the rim. only it didn't just hil il. it 
clanged off of it. And Ihe strangest 
pan was that it hit the bottom oflhe 
rim. Needless to say. even the pep 
band was laughing. 

However, (did manage 10 some-
how make the Ihree-pointer one 

See SHOOTOUT, Page 10 

Ronkin's New 
LSAT Premium Program: 

The Best Way To Prepare For The LSAT 
If you're one of the nation's 95,000 ap-

plicants detennined to get into an accred-
ited law school. you know the competition 
is tough. Since there are 
only 44,000 openings, a 
high score on the LSAT is 
crucial. 

That's why Ronkin cre-
ated the LSAT Premium 
Program which offers a 
choice of three varied 
levels of assistance. 
• LSA T Preparation 
Course 

Using the most recently up-
dated curriculum, our 40-
hour course stresses critical 
thinking, argument· analy-
sis and logical reasoning. Besides class-
room time, our comprehensive LSAT 
course provides live tutorials, three diag-
nostic exams, three practice exams, a com-
puter-based tutorial program, homework 
materials Ihat include released LSA Ts, and 
a toll-free Dial-A-Teacher line. Two-day 
clinics, which are included in Ronkin 's 
LSAT Gold and Platinum Packages, are 
also available for an additional fee. 

• LSA T Gold Package 
In addition to the 40-hour LSA T course, 

Ronkin 's LSAT Gold Package includes 
our two-day LSAT Inten-
sive-Study Clinics offered 
immediately prior to LSAT 
examination dates. These 
clinics concentrate on logi-
cal Reasoning and Logic 
Games. The Gold Package 
also includes our Law 
School Success Program 
which covers law school 
exam preparation, legal 
writing, legal research, and 
career planning. 
• LSA T Platinum 
Package 

This plan provides everything you'll need 
to get into law school and 10 be a success. 
Enroll and you'll receive our LSAT Pre-
paration Course, LSAT Intensive-Study 
CLinics, Law School Success Program, 
plus our Law School Selection and Appli-
cation Assistance Programs. 

So if you're looking for the best in LSAT 
and law school preparation programs, call 
The Ronkin Educational Group. 

FLOWER BASKET Exp. 3128192 Not valtd w,th any Olh.r.IT .... San Diego 
587-8600 455·5545 au VIlla LI ...... Dr. Cin the Ralph's Center) 

Prompt delivery, 7 clays a week. Open dally 8 am·S pm. 

We'll Make Sure You Make It! 
LSAT·GMA T-GRE·MCAT 



I, 

12 CLASSIPIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
A.8. I~ OFFICE NEWS: Info 
night- Monday, 4113, 8 p.m., PC Cove. 
lHm how AlSO CII'I help you lllin lilt 
work experience you need. Pick up 
applicatlonl now - l ummer/fall 
~nIIieIln SO. DEADLINE: FrIday, 
4/24, SIx peId poIiIIonI for new ASK) 
dIreetoII 10 be aveiIabIe for 1982· t983 
IChooI yew. For more Into, C1111534-4M9. 
PrIce Center, 3rd floor, room 3.303. (3112· 
3130) 

~nine irm.tlon and 1IchIng? JoMph F. 
Kennedy, M.D., and Ha"i. Clinical 
Development _leIIIng a ~ cream for 
1r8atIng vagInIb. Women with aymplOmS 

o'vaglnal~,IrrI1aIIon.llcNng, and 
buming may be eligible 10 PIIf1ICipaII. Five 
oIfioe viIi1a ... requitad ~ring IIIe ~ 
WMk study period. A complete phYlk:al 
exam Is provided 111 no ctwve and study. 
related cant Is frM. Thoae oompIetlng the 
study will be paid 1150. For further 
Information, cal Pippa Taylor AN at (619) 
455-7520 ~ 9 a.m. and .. p.m. 
Monday through Friday. (~18) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS' 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to 1lte UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416, Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lolol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topjloor. 
~ abou1 culls on campus • calV 
contact: ClAt Aw_ Networtc (312) 
287·7777, or National 0Ifi0e CAN, 2421 
W. Pratt Blvd., Ste 1173, Chicago, IL 
60645. Sponsor, Uni1ed Campus MTnis1ry 

(~12) 

Ever been Inlere.ted In lutorlng? 
Volunteering two hours WMkIy during 
spring quarter will 11817: 5th grader at SharrnIn EIemantaty. n up before AprIl 
1 111 R4waIIe PI'CMIII • (3112) 

HondIi Prelude _ Loaded, low miINga. 
2n-8255 or 586-1063. (3112) 
KENWOOD CAR STEREO. KRC·353. 
HIGH POWER, TAPE ADVANCE AND 
MORE. $110 olio Joel 457·3888. (312·31 
12) 

Thunday, March 12,1992 

HAWAII Uull1'" two round tr1p Ic:IIeIL 
lAX to Honc*IIu 3121·3128. $300 each 
(p.Id $339). Adriana 534-4581127~1485 
BYe. (3/9-3112) 
GuIW,PRSCEBoIt-on. lllntagaSunburst 
maple lOp; iOMwood Ii~. WIth 
C8II8. $700 or beat altar; cash only. Paul, 
28HIIMI2. (3f5.3l12) 
PERSIAN KITTEN: siMlrdlincllla tamale, 
papers avail., 6 moe. box trained, $200 

WANTED 
Experienced. anergetlc peraon for 
oocaionaI ~ lilting. Two 
c:hIchn, LaJola ..... TraJlIPOIlIIIion and 

~108I~.~I. (312·3112) 
Women IIOIuntMra neadad for study on : 
adaptalion to life IVlnta. Anlwer 
questIonnaIrea at home. Compansatad 
for time. M3-1789. (3112) 
Intemahlpl Legal ..w:.treaI estate firm. 
NoniIBying. Gntat Ixparlanca. Call 275' ' 
2525. (3112·3130) 
-----------1 
Bass Player and Drummer wanted 10 . 
compIeIe AlllrnatlYe.tiard Rock Band. Call . 
MIIII 558-6429. (319-3/30) DISSERTATION WORKSHOPS. S1Uckin 

the procl8SI? For written Informa1Ion or 
schedu~ng call 892.0988. Poa1gnMbte 
Group. (1 f30.3112) 

P.-v-'!'s SkIn C ... - Facials, waxing, 
Iaah tintl, permanent eyeliner. 10'J10 OFF 
...... 811, ArtIfIcial and Natural nalls, 
manlcurw and pecIana by AahIey. 10'lf0 
OFF wilt! act. Natural nails & pedcures by 
Rebaa:a. 10'lf0 OFF witt! act. Call for 
appolntmenl . Tangle. Salon, 
RenaIsaance canu., 552· 1174. (3112) 

FOR SAlE:ONKYO CD pIayar. 4 mo. old CDs,CISIIItIIs, VHSmovtes. Top $$ paid. 
with 12 month servioa plan. 11200li0. Call Muaic Trader, 7094 Miramar Rd. 693-

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ... ... ....... 450-3323 
Fairmair's ..................... 222-0220 

UCSDEATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587·3680 
BJ's Pizza .................. ..455-0662 
Dally's ...................... .. ..453·1112 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Heidi's .......................... 450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Go ..... 456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Papachino's ................. 546·7666 
Royal Thai Cuisine ...... .456·2063 
Stratford Coffee House 481 ·8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Rooon·s ........................ 275· 1132 
Tom's ........................... 450·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSDHAIR 
Young Altitudes .......... .. 457·3384 
Ralph's Hair, PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546·7666 
Essence Salon ............. 453·9477 
We Care Hair ............... 587 ·GUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................... 455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558·1 858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Royally Nalls ................ 483-6188 

UCSD IEALTH • FITNESS 
Athlete Cydery ............. 277-8255 
Bei ng Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 
UC Cyclery ................... 452-8842 
Dr. McDonald, Opt. ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. RichaId Barsan, ODS . 459·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Rowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel ............ ..452·Q630 
UCSD ETC. 
Audiofile .......... ........ ..... 459·FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ...... ....... 2n -6744 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
MD Labs ....................... 226· 1733 
Paper Trends .............. . 450·9291 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587-8600 
Zen Kura Futons .. ........ 270·3680 
Video Gallery ............ ... 452·1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
Fulons 4 ~ .............. 578·5745 
St. Gennain'I ............... 455-.,.,. 

ASIC) INTERNSHIPSI Get a head ltaltlor 
summer and fall opponunl1ies In San 
DIego. PIck up applications nowl Gain 
work experience and Job skill, In 
communk:atIons, IQ)lIOmIca. engn.mg, 
Iaw/polltics, buII_, biology and heWlh 
and much more. PrIce Center 3rd floor, 
room 3.303. 534~9. (:w.3I12) 
SkI JackIon Hole CMIf spring brHk with 
the Radically Inclined SkI Clubl Call 534-
4482. (312·3112) 

Wont "-Inti (multilingual) from 
S2.56'page. F,.. pickup and delivery. 7 
days a WMk: 453-8282. (3112) 
WORD !"ROCESSlNG-StudentPlP8f\. 
~ '--printing, apaIldleck. 12.501' 
OS page. ExpariellOed. RelIable. Inpull 
Output 587-00lI0. (2/24-3112) 

IIIcIOr al454-3839. (3:'12) 1488. (1127·3112) 
Day timer - Running Ma .. edillon , 
burgandy cue compIeIe willi dII1Iy dated 
caIand.- and unopened pecka ~ nefIIIa. 
Perfect condition. $80 value. OutatandIng 
organizational I00I. Only $40. Cal ArwJy 
now. 483-4703. (3112·3130) 
GT M1n bike , 8 apcI SIIImano Exaga raJ 
bags sicks, dIpa. Owner 5'10" S250 534-
3119 W 543-1344 H. (319-3112) 

HOUSING 
Room available in apacious, bright housa 
In UnllI8I'Iity City. Share housa wI1II3 fun. 
studious, IiftII year atudanta. Rant 13751 
mon1h (neg04lllbleI) til July 31 . Holly 554-
0441 . (3112) 

Algerians, unite. Recently, the AlgerIan 
military Idled my nepMw and my live 
00UIins. Tomorrow it could be 'fOAJII1amiIy. 
Support democnIcy In AIaIrIa. For detaiII. 
call Dr. AzzecIne _9187. (3112) 

Chemistry book. aoIutions manual. study 
Having a bad hair clay? Cal "The Cure" guide (8A-tIIHC); also c:aIc:uIua book and 

Female roommate wantled 10 share room. 
SprIng 0uartIr. Condo oompIax (pool, 
etc.) Trader Joe's - walk. bike, bullo 
campus $285Imon. obi) + 113 utilities. Call 
K.-.n 552-0420. (3112) haln:uta - men $10, women $15. For an IIutIons (2A.2B-2C). Newl 587·1105. (31 

appointment caII~. (1121-3112) 9-3112) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Watch with black INther bend 
by Chemistry Reeearch Bulldng. Cal 10 
Identify: 879-3473. (3112-3130) 
LOST: Gold br8C8lel about 7" long. Simple 
twiat REWARD. Very MIlIImentaI VIIut. 
Pteaae call 558-1051. (3112) 
LOST -tight blue levi's jean jacket, slza 
medium. Aaward. Call 834-1064. (319-31 
12) 
LOST -watch at Belly Up on Koala Night. 
Reward, greet sentimental value. Rich 
792·5878. (319-3112) 

SERVICES 
Word Processing/editing. Reports & 
manusalpls. 10 yrs proIaSsionaf adtingl 
Iyping axpellenoa. Shari 457-0763. (312· 
3112) 

Dinner 
DeHvered! 

Dorm • Home • Office 
lAJOUA 

GOURMET DElMRY 
from La Jolla's Restauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

Word ProcasllnglTyplng: Academic 
manuacrlptl, papara, til .... , latters, 
re&uIMS. Acc:under1aatMnlice. Mary Ann 
452·9439. (2J3.4I2) 

Olga Sari - EIac:tI=; 1200 10 1500 
hairwperllcu.3258 CollI. SaJdInt 
cteoounta. 558 48+4122&-1982. (118-3112) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New al Cal 
Copy. 0nIy$5.95. Whiley.,uWllit. Xerox. 
and more. NNr St GermaIn' .. 452·984$. 
(9.'23-ef4) 
RESUMESIWORO PROCESSING. We .. 
give yourdoQJmanta IIyIaI AIao-CIeIk1op 
publlahing and training. PageaPIua 452· 
1240. (312-4113) 
LEARN TO FLY. Make a dream cometrua 
- Call Ken 111 688-1872. (3/9-3112) 
Need help puttI?1...~ a protllllonal 

Iooking~? - .... 
is a student Nfl organization that can 
ere ... a ,...,.,.~ beaed on the 
formal ~ by Fortune 500 
rvaUtars for only $10. OYemiaht aarvtoe 
1IVaIIabIe. Call PeW 111453-7570. (3f5.4I 
2) 

FOR SALE 
Roland 1).1 O ...... Oal aynthaeIzer wI1II 
Itand. pedal, 2 ac.81nd1 ........ IBM 
EASE ..... ."... - .. for $700 olio. 
Mull .... SlIar1488-2350. (3112) 
11181 0IdIm0bIIe atdon wagon grMt 
condition. NC, c.-pIayaf. Call ~ 
7.117 or Iaaw maaaage. (3I12..J13O) 
MAC SE, 4MB RAM, 20 MB HD, 
ImagaWrtler II, Modem, external 1Iogpv, 
plenty eoftwIn, $1350. 7V2-"52 • . (31;~) 
PLANETlCKETSIOnIy$701 RoundlJ1plO 
San Jc.e. Depar1a Sat. 3121 111 1 p.m. 
AnJma Sun. 3129 111 7 p.rn. " In\81 eated, 
cal Rebecca 111587-8612. (3112) 
Mull ... 1 Hardy UI8d, ~ old, Combi 
cycle EXIO, e-a. meclllne. Value-
11000. SaIlIng for S800 olio. Cal 587· 
1413. (318-3112) 

NAIL SPECIALS I ~------------------~ 
: ACRYLIC $18.99 
I NAILS Reg. $35 
: Tip Overla, Reg. $045 $24.95 
I ~ ~ FIlla $12 Reg. $15 .... New-C-tents--onIy--.:.:.I 
I - ,.,....-:~. FlbergIata Nella with TIpa $21.11 Reg. $45 I 
I VI'~ 1II1 .\IIl 1iIIrIIcuM'~'15.95 I set 01 "" WuIng ....... SS I IIMcurM $I. F .... $25 Reg. $35 I 
: . '1Ici/4 4~ .. -- : 
I 8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 I 
I next to Burger King 560-0325 • 580-5081 I 
L Not WIIId - ." - - !IfIhe 312M2 .J 
--------------------

------------------Moving .... 1 GrMt 21· color Sony with 
remota only $175. PIua daIIk and printer 
table S30, bookaIIaIf 1100. Cal and coma 
by for ~ and other atuff. 558-8217. (31 
9-3112) 
11188 Medii RX7, 5 apead. 2+2, ONLY 
24,300 IIILES. $7,850; Roberta: ave & 
waakiend450-3040: day 534-3552. (3112) 
King IIDd haIId-board III ., light bridge-
$225; 2 twin bIda WI corner table, frMI8I 
and .-cHxdnI ooncItIon $235; oak 
wei unite for ....,. dIIak or wtI-.v. 
$210. Roberta..,. & WMk.end 0450-3040; 
clay 530$-3552. (3112) 
CHEAPI faIU.S. SEIZED. 89 MaroedIIs 
$200, 88 VW $50, 87 MercadeI $100, 85 
Muatang $50, ~ from u-IdI 
starting 125. FREE 2~ recording 
reYMIa details 80t -379-2929. CopyrIght 
1CA34KJC. (2118-3112) 
Mull 1811 1980 VW RabbIt. Fuellr1ecIIon. 
Great condition. $1500 o.b.o. Call 454-
4988 mornings/afternoons. (119-3112) 
I<awIaaId 1990 Twin .VUIcIIn - 500 cc 
c:ruIMr, candy apple red, great ooncItIon, 
raIabIa, below blue bookl Just tuned, MW 
_lira. $2250 helmet and reIectiYe ~ 
includld. Kar\'Mary 739-9287. (2127-3112) 

Twin bed. PrICIIcIIIy MW, only ueed for 8 
mol. vary good condition. $45 Cal 4S5-
5317. (3M2) 
30 gallon fIIh !link tor .... , ~ Cat for IurtIIar into. 558-0028. 2) 
1970 Yellow VW Bug. ExceIant condo 
New tranamIaIIon (3-921) 40.000 mIaa 
$2,200 (neg) 528-9530. (319-3112) 

ROOM FOR ReNT: F, to .... bd2 ba 
houae. IrIancIy quiet people, 8 mi. from 
UCSO In Minl Meaa. Laundry. S230 mo + 
dep. 1/5 utll588-0660. (3112-416) 
FEMALE roommate neadad ASAP. Own 
fumiahad bedroom; 11M/' campus. $3001 
month. CaII4S7-4821 for detaiIa. (3112) 
Female NON-amok« 10 shin 2 bed 2 
bath apr. CMIfIooIdng pool + tennis courtI. 
Waharlfrtet In apt. gym, atalnnastar + 
IIIObIcS. "'70. Cal: 792-8684. (3112) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED I Share hnllahecl 
IfA.I separate unltlwasherldryarldose 10 
campus - $340 587-0399. (3112) 
OWN ROOftWATH 4-8R houea Unlv. 
CIty, female. CuIet. no pet. non·smoking 
$35OImo. 458-9421. (3112) 
38R 2BA '-In Univ. City. Quiet back 
yard, refrtg gardlning, peId. $1100t'm0 
458-94211483-1720. (3112) 
Roommate wanted. Share larg .. l 2 
bedroom apt. walk 10 UCSO. PooI,jacuzzJ, 
gym. Halla 587-8948. (3/9-3112) 
Female ~: for master nn, UTC. 
BeautIful large ClOI'ldo. All appIlancn. 
Private parking. pool, near Vona and bus 
stapa. c.A for IpICiaI dell! on March rentl 
CorI, L.laa452-&4851546-1I081. (319-3112) 

....... bedroom avaIIMIe In beautiful La 
Jolla Colony condo; aItadIad garage; 
Iaundry;IhaNd..,..IuIyIurniahed;pooV 
ipa; IooIcIng for (JIIeI. AtIpOIIIIbIe __ 

~ through June; "'75Imo + 112 
uti; 558-2688. (3l1l-3I12) 
Roornrnateforaprtng quartlrWMted. Haw 
own room for $3OO.Imo. In 3 beO'lba111 
condo. Female MIIIad. Cal 458-V548. 
LOCIded In 0.-HIghland ... (:w. • 
3112) RoundlJ1p tIdIet SO-SF. LaevIng 3f25. 

returning 3/28. $II8(obo Cal Amf 713-
1883. (3IHt12) Qiel.00I1IidInIe, norHmoIdnggr.a.te 
Plane TlcMt. SO 10 SF .................. RIdent --..,.: ahaIe 2nd 1Ioor. S. oiIf~__,- ..... around MIn:h II. S303Imo. Joah ~ Heather 558-753S. (315-3112) 452"7257. (312-3112) 

r"--------. I Buy a URQI YOGURT ( 
I and get a I IMALL ,...,. fill L.: __ !I"'!" __ ~_:..r, 

La ..... 'II(IIi~_IIr,~ 
8855 Wi La _.~' 

lean FIIoIi 
lap 4 

*17'1:, Leu 
'M«lfSAlf 

PIIICES 
MNUACIUIER 

IEJ 

,..,..-
....... 
8Z66Mr1m1rRd. 

518-5745 

Thursday, March 12, 1992 

Fimale roommate wanled to ahara 
furnished maatef bedroom for . 1Pri"ll 
quar1er. CIoaa 10 carnpua, pool, jaCUZZI. 
waharlfrtet· $28OJmo.lncIudea u1iIIIIaa.. 
587-0188. (2/24-3112) 
AoomrnIde wanted. two rooms aVailable. 
.- UTC, cal anytime. WUhetIfrtet, 
friendy atJnoapheIe. $345. 558-2458. (21 
27-3112) 
DEL MAR-Huga muter bedroom In 
hou .. , fe. blocks 'rom beacll with 
oceanvle.; private bathroom and 
annnoe. wuharldryer/refridgaraIOr/atc.. 
Available spring quarter. Double 
occupancy·$257/aachlmontll. 25!HI151. 
(3l1l-3I12) 
Female roommate wanted 'or spring 
quarter. Share fumlshed master bactoorn. 
Two miles south 0' campus, pool and 
Jacuzzi, wu/Ier, dryer, dishwasher. S250t 
mo. + 1/4 utlli1ie8. CMII Shannon at 457· 
3797 or 452·1-491 . (3l1l-3I12) 
Roommate wantedtoahant Del Marbeacll 
houae. Naar UCSOand beach. NioaIS38S. 
793-1295. (:w.3112) 
Spacioua muter bedroom for rent .-
WVSquare. 1 p8I'IIOIIIS55OI.or2lS2751 
mo. SprIng quarlaronly. Ctoaalocampua. 
457·1250. (~12) 

Roommale wanted. $250/mo. + 113 
utltltles. Pool, tennis court. apa. sauna. 
Uzzia, Donna or Joann 457-4279. (312·31 
12) 
ROOMMATEWANTEOI Del Mar apt. , own 
badroom. own bdlioom, $4151mo., 112 
utiIItIaI. furnished. 259-8297. (312-3112) 
Solana Baac113 bed, 2112 balli, waaIIIdry, 
garage,pooI, .... ,reIrig,aec.AvaWIie 
4 SprIng au.ter. 3f25..8I3O. Only $1 0501 
month. Cal 793-0517. (2113-3112) 
LA JOLLA W 01 1·5, near UCSO. Furn/ 
unfum sunny bdnn and studio apia from 
$590. 2~ MCUriIy, 1)8Iioa.1IaIoon, 
BBOa. BY TRADER JoE'S, BUS STOP, 
SHOPPING. 452-8650. (312·1312) 
Rent a room: 5m1n fromcampus, pool, hoi 
~,muat_to believe. 457~ 1. (2127. 
3112) 
FEMALE NONSMOKING ROOMMATE 
WANTED: IJlrIngquar1lronly ... 8pIWimInt 
c:Ioaa to campua (LebonlNobal cross 
streets). DoubIa-S285;'month ORaingia 
w/own bath - $345Imon1h + 113 utilities. 
Easygoing 1OOI11IYNdae. LORI 457-0941. 
(212 ..... 3112) 
FIOOMMATE WANTED In beautiful house 
In HiIIcreat. ~ to frM shuIIIebuI to 
campus. Rant Is $290 + l/.utiIitIas.laIge 
yard, washer, dryer. porch, cool 
roomma .... Call 298-8445 or 534-7799. 

(~12) 

Male 10 share large master bedroom In 
roomy Del Mar house. $250/month. 
STEVE 455-1084. (3I5..3f12) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Alaska Jobs. Ex. $1 000+IWk. room, board, 
airf_. FlShlnv, acb:aIion, 011, engineering 
& more. Weekly info. ALASKEMP: (503) 
754-6051 Ext. 9. (2I20-3I30) 
HomemaIIerswan18d. e.n $500+ a weak. 
For details send a SASE to FUTURE 
ENTERPRISES, P.O. BOX 15349, San 
Diego, CA 92175. (3112-4120) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
Cruiseshlps. Studenls also nHdad 
Christmas, Spring, and Summer for 
Anuemant Park employment. Gall (805) 
882·7555. Ext. F-3147. (2120-3130) 

Ever been Inleresled in tutoring? 
Volunteering two hours weekly ~ng 
spring quarter wilt help a 5th grader at 
Sherman EIefnar1Wy. Sign up before April 
1 at Revelle Provost OffIce. (3112) 

EIlIerIaInnwIt law firm IMIcIng motivll1ed 
.Iaw AIdent 10 do cIIaIangIng legal and 
c:IarIcaI .-dI IIIIka In the .... of 
gambIi~, 1IIIentagant law, advertising 
law, a private ofteringa. literary 
agent law 8IId modaIing andll1hiaea agenl 
law. ElICIIIent oornpuW research and 
wrtdng 1kIII1'IQURd. Sand resume with 
daa ranking to R. SabIIItian Gibson, 125 
TaIIquiIz Canyon Way, Suite 200, Palm 
SprIngs. CA 92262 or phone 619-322· 
2448. (3112-3130) 
EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER OPPOR-
TUNITY - Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrsI 
NYC) oounaeIor/spacialist po8i1Iona - all 
IandIWaIer sports, camping, oornputers, 
MC, radio. Wr1I1 UlII1 55 Channel Drive, 
Port Washington, NY 11050 or call 516-
883-3067. (2127-4130) 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTER~ 
SHIP Interviews now taking piace. Gain 
vllluable axparlance managing aI aspects 0' a suocesaful buII-. Average \lfOSS 
profit $11 ,287. Last chance lor intervi8WS. 
TRIPLE 'A' STUDENT PAINTERS FOR 
INFORMATION. 1-800·394-6000. (312·31 
12) 
Reseatch intam 10 beat .... lng author, 
Why ..... Are The War TlIey Are. Intern 
program c:recIt (10+ hr.aIWk.). Excellent 
~ sIdIIs. knowIedgIof Word Perfect. 
JuniorlSanior, 3.0 min. Dr. Farrell, 753· 
2438. (319-3112) 
CAMP COUNSELORS NEEDED FOR 
CO·ED. SPORTS ORIENTED CAMP 
located In northaaat8m PL, near New 
York CIty. Openings for apedallatB In 
beIketbaII. aocoer, beaebaII, voIIaybeII, 
1aaoIae, hockey, and team handball, 
WSI'I, canoeing, windsurfing and salling. 
Other .... Indudl pIonMrIng IIIiff lor 
land and canoe tripe, ropes cou .... 
lnatruc:aa (high and low COUI1I8I), and 
lfMICIaIistIIln arts and crafta, gymnastics, 
radio, rocketry and archery. Other 
openingImay be available. SaIIwIes 1100-
$200 per week plus room, board, and 
trawl. We will be oonductIng on-campus 
Interviews on April 1. For Information and 
appoinllMnt cal or write: G. Luatig, 60 W. 
66th SIrMt. 28A. New York, NY 10023; 
181. (212) 724-0113. (319-3112) 
SECRETARY. Qne..personolfica. Flexlble 
10-15 hrs.Jweak. ~ter experience. 
Varied duties. Call 481-8829. (319-3112) 
COUNSlEORS:CAMP WAYNE, a CIHId 
children's camp, Northeast Pennsylvania. 
6123-8121192. HIM! the most memorable 
summar 01 your lifel Counselors: T anniS, 
Swim, (W.S.I. prwfemId) Wal8rsld, Salling, 
Baak8IbaII, Volleyball, Softball, Soooer, 
GymnaatIca. AarobIa;, NalreJCamping, 
Cance/Cheerle.ding, Gullar, Batik, 
SalIpIunI, Ceramics, Painting, Silk8c:fean, 
PIIoIOgrapIIy. Drama. Self Delanse. Other 
IIafI:Group L.eadars (20+), General, R N.s. 
DrlverNideo (21+). Other positions 
available. On campus Interviews Tues. , 
Mar.31 , 12-6p.m.SIGNUPATCAREER 
SERVICES CENTER. For more 
Intomralion cal (516)889-3217 or write 12 
AIIavard Sllido Beach, NY 11561 .1ndud1 
yow echooI phone runbar. (312-3112) 
Ricksha Express Is now hiring drivers, 
cooIcs. and management trainees. Pan 
lime and full time. flexible hours. Call 457 • 
8&46 be'-n 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. (312·31 
12) 
$4O,OOIIIyrIREADBOOKSandTVscripts. 
RI out simple '1ik11don't like" form. EASYI 
Fun, raluing allIome, beach, vacations. 
GUARANTEED PAYCHECK. FREE 2 ..... 
hour recording. 801·379-2925. Copyright 
ICA34KEB. (2118-3112) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
poIiIIonI. Great benefits. Cal (805) 882· 
7555. ext. P-3387. (2I20-3I30) 

PERSONALS 
BERONICAIFelzCumpleanioaII0u6 .... 
sea aI m6a feliz de tu vidal ·Aaco (3112) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Math tutoring at Pl' convenlencel Call 
the Math DocIOr (Tony Craddock) at 453· 
7725. (1127-3112) 
Powdar-Jacuzzi-MoosaISldJackson 
HoIeI Call the ski ciub al 534-4482 for 
more Information. (312,3112) 
Wanted: more subjactl lor brain-wave 
experiment Mull be rlght·handed and a 
native English speaker. Leave message 
at 453-4100 X420. $5Ihr. 552·9164. (31 
12) 
COOL TYE DYES. Custom made shirts 
and walhanglngs with the colors and 
designs you pick. $1 ()..$15 per shirt. I will 
also TEACH you the art Call Clint 549-
2788. (319-416) 
Alpha Omicron Pi would like to wish 
everyone good luck on finals" (3112) 
Hey Kappasl Good luck on finals and have 
a great spring break. (3112) 
BLOCK A BAll REN·DOGI (3112) 
HAl - Time to land. Oh what sorrow, too 
many IooIIItams pulling us apart. Down 
I go, full taps, gear down, I leave the HAl 
forever above. (3112) 
To the ladies of Delta Della Delta: It was a 
NU experience being stranded on an island 
with you I WIsh our 3 hour tour coukf have 
lasted longer ... SIgma Nu (3112) 
PI Pili ·Paills" - You guys are 
AWESOME II Congratulations on your 
soccer vicIorIeI for the banner" (3112) 
Julle-Bella- Happy 2Oth1 Ado and I wiU 
miss you next quarter. Come vlsitl Love, 
DanIeIIe-Yalli (3112) 
Technology princess. Our true colors are 
recorded: whita-grey-brown-graen·red· 
blue-yellow. listen. (3112) 
COUNTRYTlME LEASE A HORSE. 10 
r..r. old Arab. gelding named -Ace.· 
ontssageortrall. Call 27()"5695. Lessons 
available. (3112-3130) 
To Chi Omega - Phi Kappa Thata 
lratamlty wish8I you good luck on finals 
- have a great spring break. (3112) 
Seize lilt day - Rush Phi Kappa Theta 
lratemlty, spring 1992. (3112) 
e.np Bear - Thanks lor the care and 
feecIng.I'm sony you nevergotlhe chance 
10 brandish your paint gun and shoot it my 
way. Love, The Mouse. (3112) 
Garden Gnomes, get on !he grJ1S8 wilh us 
lawn Gnomes. Join GNOML nowl (3112) 
To the great Muir CIoud's Rest aowd: 
thanks for lour great yearsl (3112) 
To A. J and S: They're better down here 
than up thera. -8anger. (3112) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

*Se/ected merchandise ~y. 
PrIces as marked, ' 



1. SPOJlTS The UCSD Gaudiaa 

The Tritons' number-two player carla Nicolas 181164,6-2 in UCSO's match aplnst Northern lIIinols)'8St8tday. 

Huskies Out-Muscle Tritons 
• Women's tennis falls 
7-2 to Divisi9D I 
Northern lllinois in first-
ever meeting of the two 
ByCllrtsR ...... 
Associate Sports Editor 

Going into yesterday 'smatch wah 
Northern IlJinoi ,LizLaPlante, head 
coach of tho UCSD women's tenni 
team, didn't really koow what to 
expect. After all, the Tritons had 
never played a match against the 
Huskies. 

Now, LaPlante and the rest of the 

Tritons know thai the women from 
Northern Dlinois can play some 
tough tennis and hit the ball hard. 
yesterday, out on the Muir courts, 
the Huskies dropped host UCSD 7-
2. 

In number one singles, the Tri-
tons' Robyn Inaba look the first set 
from Sara Mwfy 6-3, but lost the 
next two 6-3, 6-1. 

Car\a Nicolas, playing number 
two inglesforUCSD, was stopped 
by Hild Andersch in suaight sets, 6-
4,6-2. 

LaPlante credited Nicolas with 
good movement and footwork in 

the 11lIIICh, but said effective drop 
shots by Andersch helped her 10 
gain the upper Iwxt. 

Diane <llIndJerpicbd up one of 
the Triton wins at number thn:e 
singles as she beat Jami OIcck, 6-3, 
6-4. 

Chandler was down 4-1 in the 
second set before she came back to 
win five games in a row and take the 
match. 

Amanda Lynch, number four 
singles for the Tritons, chalked up 
the other Triton win as she coasted 
to a 6-3, 6-1 victory over Natalie 

See W. TENNIS, Page U 

BASEBAll 
CwIII .......... 11 

"'Ibis yar we needed eo im-
prove our defense to JO with our 
SUOII. piechina SIaff. 

"Tbcsc two rhinp an help keep 
III in every bID game. " Y .. said. 

UCSD plays a doubIdadcr .. 
the University 0( RedI8nds on SaI-
wday aftanoonbefore laking a wdI 
delaved I ().day break for final ex-
IIninaIions. 

The Tritons will then host the 
UCSD Invitational Tournament 
from M.. 25-28, feaIuring some of 
the aop-ranbd ams in the divi-
sion. 

Third-ranked IGngsmcn of Cal 
~ 11th-ranked Wismnsin-
Whitewater and Central Washing-
ton wiu aU do battle with the Tri-
lOllS. 

Th...tay. MardlI2, 1992 

Ryan Flanagan pitched six inn •. 

Old Habits DIe Hard for GoI 
Habits are hard to break, especially when you enjoy them. Just 

ask the UCSD golf team. which has gotten into the habil 0( winning. 
The TritoN weren't ready to teak thai habit on Monday as they 
upped their perfect record to I()'() with a 311-322 win .pnst 
Pomona-Piaer. 

UCSDtravelled up tothe6~ yard. par 72 Mountain Meadows 
Counuy Oub for the mardt. 

Dave Abraham was the medalist for the Tritons with a four- over-
par 76. 

Tony Ager of UCSD finished one stroke behind Abraham with 
a 17, 

Soon SttingfeUow came in third with a six-over-par 78 for the 
Tritons. 

Jeremy Moe finished off the top four scorers with an 80 for the 
Tritons. 

UCSD has posted some very impressive runbers throughout the 
season. Including Monday's march, the Tritons are 1.57 strokes 
better than their opponents. 

-CIIIIIR ...... 

DINING;· & DOMINO·S· PIZZA 
Here's how It worksl 
I. et your UCSD i.d. 
card and your account 
number ready (your 
accl. # i your social 
ecurity number). 

2. Call Domino's 
Pizza aI452-UCSD. 
Telllhem you'd like 10 

rder y ur pizza on 
Dining Plus. 

3. Your account will be 
verified and your pizza "' •• "A",.,. 
will be delivered to y u ~~-'!~.~~~~~~~~ &.n ....... . 
within 30 minutes from 
the time you ordered. For more infonnation on 

Dining Plu call 534-PLUS. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

KILLEI~ DE \L~ 
LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! 

2 MEDIUM PIZZAS 
WITH 2 TOPPINGS & A 

SIX-PACK OF COKE 
$1299 r~s 

Two Medium chee e pizzas with two 
toppings and a 6-pack of Coke for 
ONLY $12,99. Delivery or arryout! 
Please mention offer when ordering, 

l ·,\I.I\IIII' J) 1>1, \1.: 

UNLIMITED 
TOPPING PIZZA 

$999 f$139~lw 
1M 

One Medium I Two Mediutm 
Delivery r Carryout. Please mention 
offer when ordering. 

CALL USI4S2·UCSO • ALL USI4S2·UCSO 
Good after 9:00 p.m. only. • 

• 
Not ... 111 ""h any _ alt • . Lmitad Not v.i .. ""h ___ • Lmitad 
~ ..... 10 en.u,. .... d,,,,ong. cMiwry ..... to ens ...... dr.,,"v. 
OUr d", ... corry ... 1111" $20.00. No • Our d"' ... CIIrry leo. !han $20.00. No 
lubol"",,,,", . E .. .,5192. • • • IUbo .. utlOnl. Ex,... .. 04/l51li2. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

I 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
opeN FOR LUNCH 

4. Show the driver 
your valid UCSD 
photo i.d. card to 
receive your pizza. 
(NOTE: Dining Plus 
member whose 
account is being 
charged must be 
present.) 

5. The 10% Dining 
Plus discount does not 
apply to pizza pur-

chase . Any questions 
should be directed to the 
Dining Plus Office. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

2 LARGE 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 1 TOPPING PIZZAS : 
• $1499 r.: • 

\)(1,\1 \ "\\ 1,\(, ()III W 

LARGE 
MEAL DEAL 

$1275r~ 
Two Large cheese pizzas with one Large two topping pizza and two 
topping each for ONLY $14.CW. Cokes for ONLY $12.7S. Delivery or 
Additional toppings $1.35 each per pizza. Carryout. Please mention offer when : 
Delivery or Carryout. Please mention ordering. • 

~!~t:;e~ 4~~~~ • CALL USI04S1-UCSD • : NoIv .... _..., __ .~ • .... ......... .", __ .lmIId • 
~ .... to _ .. drimg. dIIiwoy _III __ .. drimg. • 
Our driwto *'Y ... "*' 1:10.00. No • OUr _ 0IIny __ 1:10.00. ND • 
--. EJIIIiNo 41M12. • _ .... Expne 411m. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Thunday,Marcb 12,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Water Polo Impressive 
at Great DavisShootout 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 

Rules and Repa.tioas: 
·SoIo.,.. EHnIY ON AI< 8 112" IV II" SlUT Of' 

PAP£.a ALONO Wmt Y(LfI: NAME" YEAa IN 5CMOOL. 
_ .COI.U<J€ YOU ATTEND AT UCSD, WAJOa. 
AND _ NU .... 10: Sooorn EDnooI. UCSD 
G U...,.AI<, 9~ GILMAN o..VE 0316. LA JouJ.. 
CA 92093~316. You CAN AUODIIOO' ITOFF""_ 
Sloan EDrroot·s IDX AT THE G UoWlIAI< omc£. 
UXAno IN THE SniDEHT Coma. ACItOSS _lllE 
OYM. 

·Au. UCSD STUlEIlT'S. ST_. AND PAC\ILTY 
AU WOIIL£TO ENTU. EXOO'T _ GuAADW/ sr_ 
WDdUS AND E-.oVUS OF BJ 's CHICACO PIzzE· 

·TIIE _50/ "110 COMES Ul'.wmo nil! MOST 
COU£CT ANSWD.S. AS DEl"EJtMINtD IV nt£ MXif.S. 
wu. IE ~ED ruE 0IlAND N&lE WINNO AND 
WU IE ItECOONIUD WHEN ntE QUIZ IS rRlN'lm mE 
fCl.lOWIHO WUK. lJIIITltEEVEHTOPA ne.. I+. OItAWlNO 
WU 1£ HELD 1'0 DET"EaMHE ntE WrNHEa. T HOSB 
COIl.lfCT ENRJES NOT SEUlCTED AS THE GaAAD,.1Z£ 
Wf"NU WILL Ie. CONStDElED .UNNEIl~.olJ'. 

>ONLY ONE ENTIty PEa I'EA5ON PEa QUIZ. No 
MASS.f'IIODUC£D EH'n IES WILL IE ACCEP'TE). ENnIES 
MUST8E ATTlif.: Q UAADtAN IY NOON WfDNESOAY. 

-THEO.AND f'lUZE WINIIIi£JI WU RECEIVE A AlEE 

DlNNU fUll: TWO AT BJ's CUt::AOO PlZZEJUA. RUN· 
NERS-ur WILL RECEIVE A ~EE rrT'CHU Of' M tCHEL()I, 
DaAFr IEEI , oaSOOA. AT BJ 'S.lOCAllD IN LA J OLLA 
V I..LAGE SQuARe. A UST OF AU. WINNERS WIU IE 
POSTED AT BJ 's EACH WEEK AND WINNERS ""Em TO 
SHOW IIlEHTlFICATION TO Cl.A1~ PIlIlES. 

Last week's questions: 
1. Who is the highest paid player 
in MLB history as of Mar. 5? Ryne 
Sandberg 
2. What are the names of the two 
new MLB expansion teams? Colo-

By K_ Pertman 
Sports fdifor 

Afterwinning last season's USA 
Women's Water Polo National 
Championships, you might think 
that there wouldn' t be much that 
would impress UCSD Head Coach 
Denny Harper. 

But after the Tritons, currently 
ranked fourth in the nation, went 4-
I at last weekend's Great Davis 
Shootout at UC Davis, Harper i 
still amazed. 

"I was very pleased," Harper 
said. "I thought we might have a 
tougher go of it than that. " 

"Tough" was the only way to 
describe UCSD's play. Behind 
Jamie Dailey's 18goalsandMelinda 
Hanley's five,the Tritons knocked 
off one of the nation's top team in 
the fonn of UC Santa Barbara be-
fore finding their way into the finals 

. against the top-ranked Aggies of 
UCDavis. 

Add the fact that the Triton were 

M. TENNIS 
ContInued from page 16 
Beck,6-2,6-2. Vem YameUrounded 
out the singles matches for UCSD 
as he cruised to a 6-2, 6-1 win over 
Roche ter's Kee-San Lui. 

With the victory already in hand. 
the Triton squad refused to let down 
in its doubles matches. The number 
one team of Belloli and Bethard 
cru hed Datta and Schultz by the 
score of 6-2,6-1. 

UCSD's number two team of 
rado Rock~ Florida Marlins Morse and Cross beat the 
3. Who is the manager ofthe los YeUowjackets ' Wesley and Au ten. 
Angeles Dodgers? Tommy 

~:f Mar. 5, which team has - M. V-BALL 
the fewest points in the NHL? an ContInued from paee 16 
Jose Sharks 7-7 as there were IOsideouts before 
S. What is the nameofSan Diego' s 
MSL team? Sockers 
6. Who holds the record for con-
secutive MLB game played? lou 
Gehrig 
7. Who won the 1991 Sullivan 
Award for outstanding amateur ath-
lete? Mike Powell 
8. Who i the head coach of the 
San Antonio Spun;? Bob Bass 
9. Where do the Boston Celtics 
play their home games? Boston 
Garden 
10. Who did the UCSD men's bas-
ketball team play in the second round 
of the NCAA Division IJI tourna-
ment? Cal Lutheran 

This week's winner: Brad 
Koffman, Revelle, Biology, San 
Diego,CA. 

Runners-up: List of 5 at BJ's 

Ihe Tritons took the lead again. 
Fre hman setter Taylor Smith was 
substituted in and moved right into 
the rhythm that the Tritons had es-
tablished. Behind Smith, UCSD 
took game one, 15-1 I . 

Game two suuted out a little 
slowly for UCSD. At one point,the 
Tri tons were behind by seven points. 

Pennsyivaniagrabbeda I 04 lead 
before the Tritons roared back to 
shut them down for the re t of the 
game. 

UCSD rallied for eleven points 
to ukegame two, 15-10. 

'1bey took the pressure off them-
selves. At 104 they didn 't panic. 
They played their way through on 
their own," said Wilde. 

Pennsylvania took an early lead 
in game three but could not main-
tain it. Tyson Kerr setved for six 
straight points to give the Tritons a 
10-6 lead. UCSD battled for five 

THE BEST OF ITALY 
JUNE 22.JULY 7 
A UNIQUE, ARTtSTIC TOUR LED BY DR, ALBERTO 
BENZtE, UCSD, EXT. RENOWN WRITER-LECTURER IN 

ITALIA~ CIVILIZATION AND ART. 

$2,585.00 includes: 
AIRFARE VALID FOR 60 DAYS, FIRST CLASS HOTELS, 
TWO MEALS DAILY, DELUXE'BUS, FEES TO MUSEUMS, 
TIPS. THREE UNITS IN HUMANITIES AVAILABLE. 

FOR INFORMATION , BROCHURES, CALL: 

missing stars Brenda Reiton and 
Alison Westfall and UCSD's feat 
seem all the more amazing. 

UCSDopenedthe weekend wilh 
an easy 5-3 win over UC Berkeley. 
Despite Harper's assertion that the 
Bears are a much improved team 
over last year's, the Tritons con-
trolled the tempo ~ the game the 
entire way. 

After UCSD rolled past Davis' 
" B" team, 9-2 it took on the third-
ranked team in the nation, UCSB. 

1beTritons found themselves in 
offensive trouble early as Jane Quin-
Harkin found difficulty in stopping 
the Gauchos' powerful two-meter 
player. UCSB grabbed a quick 4-0 
lead. 

1be Tritons slowly chipped away 
at the lead and found them elve 
down by only one, 7-6, entering the 
fourth quarter. 

Behind Dailey. whom' Harper 
called one of the "premierplayen; in 
the collegiate game today," and Ihe 

6-3,6-3. The third teanl of Yam ell 
and Ho put away Lui and Beck in 
two sets. 6-2, 6-2. 

" We remained focused' and 
played inspired tennis,and wedidn ' t 
let up the whole way through," said 
a relieved Triton Head Coach Tim 
Ditzler. "It was a good win fo r us." 

1be Tritons hoped to keep up 
their level of play as they hosted the 
Division I Iowa State Cyclones on 
TuCMlay afternoon. 

Unfortunately for UCSD, the 
result was not nearly the same, as 
Iowa Slate won four of six singles 
matches en route 10 a 6-3 victory 

more points to win the malch, 15-8. 
The lead the Tritons gave them-

selves enabled Wilde to put some 
different combinations together that 
proved to work well. 

"When you are ahead you can 
take a few risks - give other guys 
a chance to play." he said. 

Dan Mytels received some valu-
able playing time and experience. 
He gave the Tritons a side-out in 
game three with a kill. Mannaduke 
Kilpatrick made hi second appear-
ance of the season on Tuesday night 
as well. 

Smith also saw some playing 
time after Jay Warren, Mati Brega's 
usual ubstitute, had rolled his ankle 
in practice on Monday. 

"Smith did a very good job to-
night. His technique is possibly the 
best on Ihe team," said Wilde. 

Looking to future yean;, Wilde 
said he feels that Smith could be a 
real asset to the team ifhedeveJops 
more physically. 

Lamson Lam's hitting percent-
age was .612 for the night. He had 

USED 
LEVIS 

New, leather 

BIKER 
JACKETS 

from $99 
UNIQUE VINTAGE GAIl 

- Retro Ihru 2151 Centvry-
Hawoiion • Mililol)' • 

Flower Power • Cool shades & 
T'shirts 

454-1434 1 ' A I. •• I • ' I L-____________________________________________ ... I, L-___ .~e7~9~~~-~~'rl~A.~.~~.~0~.~'2~2~02~20~~ COSTUMES 

SPORTS 15 

Gua-dian File PhoIO 
Jamie Dailey's 18 goals led UCSD to a 4-1 record atthe Davis Shootout. 
pJayoffreshman goalie Dana Byrd, 
UCSD took the 9-8 win. 

Finding his team in the finals 
again t the top-ranked Aggie , 
Harper prepared for a blow-out. 
Davis returns most of the playen; 
from last year's tough squad which 
lost to UCSD in the 1991 champi-
onship game. 

Defense was a key for the Tri-
Ions all weekend, and Ihe final con-

over the Tritons. 
Belloli won his match. as he 

ousted Stefan Tzvetkov. 1-6.6-4.6-
3. Morse dropped his match 10 the 
Cyclones' Rob Spean; in straight 
sets, 6-4, 6-2, while Bethard loS! 
6-3, 6-2 to Iowa Stilte's Lars 
Orzessak. 

UCSD's numher four player, 
Cross, took his match 10 three sets, 
but lost to Micky Ramsey 6-0, 4-6, 
6-3. Hedrick, again playing at num-
ber five for the Tritons, dropped his 
match 7-6, 6-3, to Ray Gunderson. 

Yarnell was the only other player 
to win his singles match, as he de-

test was no exception. Behind a 
tough defensive effort, UCSD man-
aged to keep the contest close. BUI 
the Trilons' sputtering offen~e 
couldn ' t keep pace and Ihe Aggies 
swam away wi th the 8-3 win. 

Still . Harper was pleased with 
hi ' team's play. "Aflerthe weekend 
I was lefl wilh a very good feeling ... 
there's a 101 of pOi entia I I here I," he 
said. 

fen ted the Cyclones' Bryan Wagner 
6-3.7-5. 

With the Tritons down 4-2 after 
the single~ competilion. they would 
have to win all lhree of Ihe doublc~ 
matches in order to c10lim victory. 

Iowa Stale' s first team of 
Tzvetkov and Orzessak sealed the 
Cyclones' victory as they defeated 
UCSD's Belloli and Bethanl. 6-3, 
6-4. Mon;e and Cro~s. Ihe Trilon~ ' 
number two team, defeated SpeOln; 
and Ramsey. 6- 1. 6-2. 

Gunderson and Wagner blasted 
their way past Ho and Yamell. 6-1 . 
6-1. to give Iowa SlOlte the 6-3 will. 

Brent Couture had 12 kills as UCSD downed the UniversityofPennsylvania . 
19 kills in 37 attempts with only six for the evening. 
errors. 

Brent Couture had 12 kills in 34 
attempts with onl y four erron., for a 
hitting percentage of .400. 

Nate Brown comribUied 17 kills 
in 29 attempts with only five error.:., 
for an impressive hilling percentage 
of .708. 

Brown a1~0 contribuled 19 digs 

UCSD takes on George Ma.~on 
of Virginia at homeoll Friday night. 
George Ma~on i\ ran"ed in the na-
tional lap 20. 

A very relaxed Wilde bn't WOf-
ried about the conte~t. 

"Wc' re done with game plWl~ 
fort he ~easoll. We jU~1 want 10 ha\c 
fun:' he ~aid . 

@ (1J a!Jr CUTS 
By TAWNYA Ot 

ESSENCE SALON 
only $ll~~v 

indud s. sJ.umpoo & preclslcn hoi rcut 
blow dry and · Iyllng $4 exh u 

If \11 

~BIOlAGE. 
By Wrn.Inx· 

HiLites & Perms 
(including haircull $45 

3251 HOLIDAY COURT, SUITE 201 LA JOLLA 453.9477 
Above 51 Germoln's liquor & Dell 



" 

16SPOilTS 

OVER 
TIME 

Tri. and PerIl: 
Tbe Shootout Story 

I WAS TALKJN() TO MY 0000 FRIEND Hollywood the other day and we were discussing the hoops 
playoff game last Saturday. He 
was disappoimed and with good 
reason - there was no USAir 
Halftime Shootout. The Shootout 
was Hollywood's pas ion this 
season. 

Also in thi discu sion was 
Downtown, yet another Ovenime 
Posse member, famous mainly for 
the fact that he almost made the 
half-court shot during the Half-
time Shoo/oul. That i where he 
goc his name. 

If you've never been to a 
UCSD basketball game. you 
probably don't know whatlhe 
Halftime Shoolout is. Allow me to 
elucidate. As soon as the buzzer 
sounding halftime goe off. the 
floor is mobbed with fan trying to 
get into the Halfti .. ne Shootoul. 
Several players have been 
trampled to death ju t trying t.o 
make it to the locker room. 
Anyway, after everyone has 
finished brawling for a spot in 
line, they bring out two basket-
ball and put 60 seconds on the 
hot clock. If you make the three-

pointer, you win a gift certificate 
for lunch or you can give up the 
certificate for a chance at the big 
time: the Half-Coun Shot. 

N ow, TIlERE'S nothing wrong with a gift cenificate for 
lunch. It' a great prize, one I 
would readily accept if some 
tranger just walked up on the 

street and offered to me. But in 
the Halftime Shootout, if you 
accept the gift certificate and pass 
up the Half-Court Shot, rumors 
about the size, or lack thereof, of a 
certain appe~age stan spreading 
like wildfire. 

The best part about the 
Shootout is. of course, the 60-
second time limit. It's always fun 
to be in the fronl of the line and 
get the ball with about 50 seconds 
left. 

T liEN YOU stand there, aim, line up the hot, dribble three 
times, aim again, dribble twice 
more, look up and aim again and 
then shoot. By the time you've 
made it. there's only 12 seconds 
left, and there are sevemJ hundred 
angry people behind you, ju t 
waiting for you to return to the 
tands. 

Actually, the pressure of the 
Halftime Shootout is enormous. 
There are hundreds of people 
behind you in line and suddenly 
everybody else in the gym i ' 
absolutely quiet - all their 
attention is focused on you. 

Suddenly.you see the girl you ' ve 
alway dreamed of standing right 
there under the backboard, all set t.o 
rebound your shot, miling Iyly in 
your direction, the expression in her 
eyes saying "Take me,l'm yours." 
Both tearns corne out of their locker 

SeeIHOOTOUT. Pace 11 

SPORTS 
The UCSDGuardian 'lbunda)" March 12, 1992 

Ba;eball DeclaresOpenSeasononStagc; 

Third baseman David Blum collected two hits and four RBI yesterday. 

Softball Mauls Bears 
• Tritons take doubleheader from 
Coast Guard; have outscored 
opponents 37-0 in last four games 
By GNU Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

You can only hope the U.S. Coast Guard can defend 
our coasts better than it can defend a softball diamond. 
Playing yesterday at UCSO, the Triton softball team 
torpedoed the Coast Guard Academy in a doubleheader 
12-0, I().O. 

Before last Saturday's game at Cal Baptist, UCSO 
Head Coach Melissa Jarrell was concerned with the 
tearn . s lack of offensive firepower. In the past four games 
however, the Tritons have exploded, burning their oppo-
nents for 37 runs. 

Yesterday 's rnatchup showcased both the Tritons' 
offense and defense, with Triton Dianna Moreno patrol-
ling the mound. Moreno started things off right for UCSO 
by fanning the first three bailers she faced. She would end 
up with six trikeouts by the fourth inning when she sat 
down due to a flu bug. Allison Booth replaced her and L.. ___ .......... 

• Tritons continue 
undefeated streak with 
17-4 win over Claremont 
BJ Ben EJCIn 
St.ff Writer 

The Triton hardbaUers, ranked 
eighth nationally. bettered their 
n:cord to 11-0-1 on Tuesday after 
routing theOaremont CoIlegeSrags 
by a 17-4 score. 

Tuesday's NCAA Division m 
rankings put the unbealen Tritons at 
their highest nwitsince 1987, when 
they made an appearance at the col-
lege world series. 

UCSO Head Coach Lyle Yates 
was extremely pleased with the high 
ranking, as the Tritons were not 
even mentioned in the pre-season 
top 30 poll. 

"We're pleased because there 
are eight different regions," Yates 
said. '1'hat means they have some 
confidence in us." 

Oaremont College, which pr0-
cured a 22nd nmking in Tuesday's 
poll wasn't even in the same league 
with UCSD during Tuesday's con-
test 

Junior pitcher Ryan Flanagan an-
chored the Tritons as he tossed six 
strong innings to pick up his fifth 
win in five srans. 

The southpaw fanned three 0p-
posing hitters and gave up three 
earned runs before Kurt Luhrsen 

worked the rest of the game. All-American Dianna Moreno pitched three 
See SOFTBAll. Page 11 scoreless innings with six strikeouts for UCSD. 

Tennis Stings Yellowjackets, 
Gets Swept by Cyclones 
• UCSD knocks off 
University of Rochester, 
but falls to Iowa 
By Blatr Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men's termis team 
plit its fust two matches this week. 

regi tering a 9-0 victory over the 
University of Rochester on Monday 
and a 6-3 loss to Iowa State on 
Tuesday. 

David Wesley, 6-1 ,6-3. ChadMorse 
followed suit and defeated the 
YeUowjackets' Ben Austen. 6-1, 
6-3. 

Jeff Bethard. playing at number 
three singles for UCSD, was the 
only Triton to take his match to 
three sets, in a 6-2, 2-6. 6-4 victory 
.over Rochester's Kenny Schultz. 
At number four ingles, UCSO's 
John Cross defeated Jivan Dana, 6-
1,7-6. 

relieved him in the seventh . 
"Ryan has been throwing as well 

as we thouJhl he could." YIIeS said. 
"He has been geuins most of the 

innings because his scheduled ~ 
have been the least affected by the 
rain-outs," he added. 

While Aanagan stifled the Stag 
hitters, senior first baseman David 
Rex ignited the firery Triton of-
fense. Rex clobbered a two-run 
home run in the third inning. The 
round-tripper was his third on the 
season and his second in as many 
games. 

Rightfielder David Lubs hassled 
the Stag pitching all afternoon. lobs 
coUected four of the 18 Triton hits. 
in addition to driving home two 
runs. 

David Blum and lead-off hitter 
Guy Cataldo contributed to the of-
fensive bombardment with two hits 
and two runs-baited-in apiece. 

The Triton defense remained 
impenetrable, not committing a 
single error for its second consecu-
tive game. Blum, patrolling the hot 
corner, saved two runs for the Tri-
tons in the third inning when he 
made a diving snare of a Oarernont 
line drive with runners on second 
and third. 

Yates attributes much of the 
team's consistency this season. to 
its tough defensive play. "Our de-
fense is much improved." Yates said 

See IIAIEIIALL. Page 14 

Tritons Make 
A Change for 
The Better ' 
By KIrsten .... vwson 
Staff Writer 

UCSD Men's Volleyball Head 
Coach Rod Wilde wore a Hawaiian 
shirt and a pair of shorts to the 
Tritons' game against the Univer-
sity of Pennsylvania Tuesday night. 
Wilde says his attire was meant to 
signify the change in atmosphere 
the Tritons have initiated. 

The change seemed to have 
w.orked. as UCSO took control of 
the match from the opening serve. 
TheTritonsoverpoweredtheQuak-
ers in three sets 15-11, 15-10, 15-8. 

"We haven't been having fun. 
We decided to go OUI and have 
some," said Wilde. 

The Tritons came out focused in 
game one, taking a quick 2-1 lead. 
The game remained deadlocked at 

See M. V~, Page 15 

Ouis Belloli once again led the 
Triton attack on Monday afternoon 
by easily defeating Rochester's 

Outer Hedrick, the Tritons' num-
ber five player, set down David 

See •• TEN .... Pap 15 
Chad Morse beat Rochester's Ben Austen &1. &3 In the Triona' 90 rout 
of the YeIIowjacIceIs on Monday. UCSD fell to lowe State Tueldey. 

Also Inside: 
UCSD's 

Production of 
"Orestes"/H4 

+ 
Things to DO/H3 

'Article 99' 
Hype and 

Controversy /H4 

•• 
UCSD graduate 
student assists in 
Navy installation 

piece at the 
Museum of San 
Diego History in 

Balboa Park 
H2 



H2 HIATUS 

"The reason you study history is because you 
can only identify yourself and dwt out • ptIIh for 
your future if you have a very JOOd senae of what 
came before. " 

This is the idea behind the fie&d of academic 
history, accontina to Abraham Singe, a dWd-year 
graduate student 81 the UCSD IlepMtment 01 History. 
Shragae explores modem SIn Dieao hiIIory beyond 
the confines of scholarly books. 

Shragge has taIcen an active interest in the local 
scene and its growth over the years. He is currendy 
exploring his interest by beina a research intern for 
the exhibit. "War Comes to San Diego." This exhibit. 
he feels, will answer tho6e who ask. "Where do we 
come from?" or "How did the city get where it is?" 

'1'hese questions are the very stuff of history. 
Anyone who has lived here a couple of years can not 
help but have a sense of change," said Slngge. And 
thi exhibit explores the most imponant impact in 
tenns of the shaping of San Diego into the metropolis 
it is today - World War 11 

"War Comes to San Diego." presented by the San 
Diego Historical Society. details the transition of the 
city from a sleepy border town to a teeming wartime 
urban center. 

"l've always been persooaIly interested in the role 

SAN DiEGO 
AT WAR 
• Acres of chicken 
wire and feathers sus-
pended over defense 
plants were used to 
camouflage industrial 
activity from enemy 
aircraft. 

• At the height of the 
war, women made up 
nearly 40 percent of 
San Diego's industrial 
workforce. 

• Balboa Park was 
taken over by the N8'IY 
during WWlI and mLr 
seums were used as 
hospitals and training 
facilities. 

SOu,..: san Dle&O HIstone.! Socie\y 

American military plays 
in society," Slngge said, 
whose father was a Navy 
veteranofWortd WarD. 
"For some reason, it 
capcured my imagination 
seeing these young kids 
laken out of school, 
famiJy or wort going to 
war.·MiUions did this in 
World War 0 with no 
questions asked" 

Since thi attitude was 
such a contrast with the 
prevailing feelings of 
Shragge's generation. 
especially during his 
undergraduate years at 
U.C. Davi ,this 
prompted him to probe 
in!" the military' 
relationship with 
society. which he 
discovered to be a 
crucial one. 

Shragge began to focus 
on the pecific case of San 
Diego and its affiliation 
with the Navy when he 
read an article in the LA. 
Times about the anniver-
sary of Harbor I land. 

lJ!ough this fact is unknown to many. Slngge 
discovered that "Harbor Island was created as a 
result of a dredging project when the Navy decided 
to base its super aircraft caniers in the harbor. which 
at the time was too shallow and narrow for big ships 

TbeUCSDG .... 

COVER STORY 

War-torn 
n 

• UCSD graduate student assisls in the crearion of a 
navy instillation piece, "War Comes to San Diego," 
that i cwrently on display at the Museum of San 

Diego History in Balboa Park. 

• 
Bv TED SUNOO 
GuARDIAN REPORTER 

1'buadaJ, MaIda 12, 1992 

to .. inIo Ihe bay, lin ......... dock."n.e Navy 
otraaI to Jive .olhe aa:wnuIIIed mud ., Ihe city, 
which was chen UIed to form Harbor Island. 

"'Ibis [LA. Timu] aI1icle ju5t ......... ~ Ihae 
W8I • specialldIdonIbip beIween SIll Dieto and the 
Navy," sm-.. said. Singe also empIwiltd the 
Navy'. impIct in er.nns of the city's economic 
~eIopmenL ""s.n Dieao" critical infraIIructure _ 
..uy built by Ihe Navy, in oonjunction willi dae 
booItea .. the 
people in 
cblmberof 
00I1'IIDCR)C and 
city aovem-
med,who 
reaUy tried 
hard and were 
successful in 
puinathe 
Navy to come 
here." Thoup 
commercial 
shipping never 
developed like 
it did in Los 
Angeles, the 

........... 
Abraham Shragge dIsplays a historic 
Issue of the Trlbune-Sun. 

Navy kept expanding and evolved into a major force 
in SIn Diego economic and social structu~. conuib-
utina ~25 percenI of the Gross Regional Product 

Shragge's main job was to find and identify 
artifacts that they would put on display, which 
included documents, photographs, wlifonns and 
other items from the World War n era. 

One of the more amazing displays is a saddle 
carrying a machine gun used by a Black army 
regiment known as the "Buffalo Soldiers," who 
paIrolled the Mexic.J border. To discover this little-
known piece of infonnation on this segregated unit 
was illlriguing to Shragge. " It was very satisfying to 
be able to find these things and put it out in front of 
the public." 

The exhibit, "War Comes to San Diego." also 
exposes many other interesting facts about San 
Diego during the war. This city was really just a 
sleepy residential community prior to 1940. When 
war broke out, however. San Diegans began to 

prepare for this threat. as well as for the economic 
expansions in the defense-related industries. The 
bombing of Pearl Harbor brought even more 
immediate urgency and paranoia among citizens. 
The city experienced a "Blitz-Boom." as population 
soared from 203,000 in 1940 to 300,000 a year later 
(surpassing the projected population for the next two 
decades). 

"War Comes to San Diego" is an exhibit that 
successfully creates a mood and feel for the times. 
"People who want to come in and enjoy the visual 
experience ()( to learn something" will 1101 be 
disappointed Sluagge said. 

TIle exhibit is located at the Museum of San 
Diego History on the Prado in Balboa Park. The 
museum is open 10 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Wednesday 
through Sunday. Admission is $3 but is free on the 
second Tuesday of each month. 

I1lnorllJ 
Biomedical 

Reslarch 
Program (MBRS) 

FundI_1IY8iIIbIe for MInorIty Underg. __ 
lie and Grerl.NIIa SUiInta who ... inIIIlll d 

in bionIICbIlCieraI. 
The Mnotily BIomedIcII R 1111idl Support 

Proutwn. which prDVIdII granIa 10 ....... 
InIIUonI hough .. HIIIanII ....... 01 ......... 
.... 10 ellpllld opporUIIIII/n bIomedIc:aI ......:II 

tar 11II1II,....-... ethnic IChaIIn. 
The ptagrIm II dIIIgned 10 .... "*'ottIr Uildllgl'" 

.... and ~ 10 1IIomecIIoII-.dI,,,, 
~ '*" ........ , .. and InIndII eupporIlO 

puIa. ...... ~ nlnCOlilllQlng ..... 1O 
uItIinatIIy ... and obIain fIIc:uIly poIitIonI in the bIomecIcaIlderaa and hMIII ...... tIIIda. 
The mu/nun IIIary till Clllbe PIid 10 Uilllllgl .... haugtllIe -.&IS gt'II'II •• 000 durIrV a t2-manll 
period. The tiIIIdtIUn I8IIry tiel Clllbe prowtIIM IIr lie ... ~ II $7.!OO per,.. ... 1olS. ... n 
.500 per,... lie Ph.D .... tar ....... 1UIy. In .. MBRS progtWiI, fuMtne .,2 unIII per..., will a 
.......:II eIott _aging 20 houri per .... AppbniaIlWd COi*iII ............... tar ..... 111 
i IIannIIiotL 

• 

• 

The UCSD Guardian 

THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 

I ........ .., ""1'" w...., .. allC ........... ....,. 
TONIGHT:UCID' , .,1It.. ".wiIlperformtraditional. 
classical worts of the 18th and 19th Centuries during a concert at 8 
p.m. in the Mandeville Recital Hall. Admission is $3 for students and 
seniors and $5 for general admission. CalJ 534-3229 for concert 
infonnation. 

~ 

FRIDAY: San Diego artist TImothy Walters Grummon will 
present a retrospective of paintings titled .......... on display in 
Gallery B of the Price Center. Grunvnon's worts were painted 
between 1985, when he first discovered he had been diagnosed with 
the AIDS virus, through 1991. A reception for the artist will be held 
from 6-8 p.m. in Price Center Gallery A. TIle display will run until 
April 18. 

TIle UCSD Wind Ensemble will present its ,...,., ... 13171 Ioutte 
Ca.url at the Mandeville Auditorium. The program will also 
include the solo wort The Slone Sun God A wakens by UCSD Faculty 
Associate Sigmund Rothschild and a perfonnance by worId-acc1aimed 
percussionist Steven Schick. Admission is $3 for students. For more 
information, call 534-3229. -

SUNDAY: ..".. ......... n ..... To Roell - 100 y_., ...... ' •. 111 ........ b , .""will begin its tour 
at I p.m. at the Centro Cuhural de la Raza in Balboa Park. The show 
wiD feature ttaditional Naaive American drununers, dancers and 
music. Admission is $10 for the afternoon; the event will raise funds 
for the Sacred Rainbow Circle FoundaIion, Inc., a non-profit 
organization that teaches preservalion of our natural resources and 

Take a "Joyride" with 
Roxette and special guest 
Russ Irwin at the Spreckels 
Thealer in downtown San 

envirorwnenL For more information, ca1l549-2835 or 490-0344. Diego on Thesday. March 
MONDAY: The Gaslamp Quarter Theater Company presents . 17 at 7:30 p.m. TIckets are 
the,.... • F' •• '. ,, •• ..., fII .... ....,.,....,. . 
beginning with "The God of Isaac" by James Shennan, the author of $21 m advance or $22.50 
the long RIMing off-Broadway hit. Beau Jen. In the play, a young the night of the show. Call 
Jewish man is forced to examine and come to terms with his I'OOIS 
during the ~Nazj march in Dlinois. Call the box office at 234-9583 278-11XS for more 
for more infonnatiQn. information. 

HIATUS H3 

The "Sun " is always shining at 
~ Holiday ct. Trim & Tan co 11 (near UCSD) 4!;51·(]19t[J!lt}~1 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

' First time clients only with this coupon , 

~~.....,... 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call tor details' 2nd 30 tan days $39,99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a Iremporary water loss • Reduce cellul1t8 and Slt81Ch marils 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
HAIRC UTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg, $25) 
""en $14 (r eg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Sle. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PL EAS E CA LL 

UCSD Theatre 1991-92 Season 
Winter Productions 

ROBERT WOODRUFF DIRECTS 
ORESTES by Euripides 
Adaptation by Charles Mee 
March 11-14 at 8PM 
March 15 at 7PM 
Mandell Weiss Theatre 

TM queen, Clytemnestra, i, murdered 
by Mr Ion Ore,tes and daughter Electra. 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
'E 

A graphic adapflJlion of 1M chiUing Greek tragedy. 

TIC ·h.LTS \lU: ~(, H)1{ STl J>t-:\TS. 
(;I-:T ~ TIC ' h.ITS HH< ~.!o 

\\!TIITlII·, 1 (SDIIIL\IIU: ( ' \RD. 
(' \1.1. H)I{ DI-:T \II ,S, ~3~ - ~~ 7~ . 
\ L" Ie I, II \ \ ,I" [[!c, III , Ii, 1 \ ( ) [I Ill ' 

CHARBROILED CHICKEN 

8935 TOW CENTRE DR 
[Next to Harvest Ranch Mkt - Renaissance Centre) 

r - - - - - - T - - - - - - T - - - - - -, 
I $2.00 • $1.25. 75¢ I 
: OFF : OFF : . OFF : 
I with purchase of • with purchase of • with purchase of I 
: Whole Chicken Combo: HAlF Chicken Combo: 1/4 Chicken Combo I 
I TAKE-OUT • TAKE-OUT • TAKE-OUT : 
I ONLY • ONLY • ONLY I 



H. HIATUS TheUCSDG ......... Thunday, Mudlll, 1992 

In prison 
they are the law. 

SOMEWHERE BETWEEN HEAVEN AND HELL 

..... 

81S,. KISSERS 
.N,-aIWOBLD 

ON SALE NOW! 
April 17 

Friday. 8pm 
UCSD Gym 

t · ... UCSD Bol Office :. 534-&467 ~p; ... -~.... r=r:.::a,:-
.f.~! .. ~.Y' •• 

~ Paul Gutrecht. Kin Walsh, and Jim Crawford In -Orestes· 

Euripides' 'Orestes' 
Receives. 
By MIcUeI A. ScIIw.m 
Senior Staff ~ 

You remember Orestes and hi 
sister Electra who murdered their 
mother the queen and must face the 
music. It contains a slew of togas, 
preachy and antiquated language, 
and no relation to modem times, 
right? 

The UCSD Theatre Department 
shatters this false notion with its 
production of Euripides' tragedy, 
currently playing at the Mandell 
Weiss Theatre. Historical noveli t 
and playwright Cbarles Mee freely 
adapts the text with the addition of 
characters, including a man in a 
wheelchair with tape sealing hi 
mouth shut 

Set in a contemporary hospital, 
Mee explores the chilling parallels 

between the waning of the Greek 
society and the decay of America in 
the '90s. 

The play' stage directions state 
that "this is a ruined fragment of the 
Greek. play in the midst of the mod-
em wond.~ This i the case. with 
contempol'8/)' images and violence 
filling in the fragments. 

"I'm tryingtovisualizethe night-
mare of a dysfunctional society that 
think it's leading the world," says 
guest director Robert Woodruff. 
Each year, a professional director 
comes on campus todirect the third-
year graduate students' swan Song 
into the the professional theater 
wond. Having experience under his 
belt, the clad-in-black Woodruff 
seems perfectly capable of carrying 

See ORESTES, Page H8 

Easy Finals!!! ..... ROTIII 
Study at Club Med 
From 8:00 p.m to 2:00 a.m. on Sunday; 3115 thru Wednesday. 3118 

with free coffee (UCSD ID Required). B.YOM. Otherwise 25¢ 

a ... 1he Stucly.Munchies 
with a Pizza package: 
A. Large Cheese Pizza 
and two 16 oz. Fountain Drinks for ........ . 

Get Two Large Cheese Pizzas 
and four 16 oz. tountain Drinks for only ... S 12.99 

(Additional Toppings $1.50 ~r pizza) 

1bunday, Mada 11, 1992 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS H5 

f •• the U ..... ound 
• California's once-alternative rock trio enjoys growing popularity 
By AIIdr.- Ad ..... 
SenIor St6ff ~ 

Anger is translared to sharp lyr-
ics and hary:l-hitting music. Out of 
the resulting synthesis emerges a 
world view of ambiguity. confu-
sion, hopelessness, meaningless-
ness, fatalism. Yet the anger and 
passion that form Ihe essence of 
Firehose motivare them to go on, to 
hope, and to make noise. 

The San Pedro trio defies classi-
fication. Bass player Mike Watt 
writes most of the songs and is n0-
torious for his so-called spitls of 
furious social criticism. He hates 
labels and categories, so it follows 
that the band is stwnped when it 
comes to a self-definition. 

·"1 don't think we're so much 
underground anymore but ... some 
people callit altemative, whatever," 
said drummer George Hurley. ''To 
us it's just try to have your own 
sound, more original." 

Their sound is an eclectic mix 
that ranges from softer, jazzy rock 
to hard rock to punk with lyrics 
jumping into the songs here and 
there. Labels like these displease 
Watt, yet he rationalizes them as 
necessary evils of communication. 

Wan and Hurley had been mak-
ing noise for several years before 
the third member of the trio, guitar-
ist and vocalist Ed Crawford,joined 
the band. 

In the late '60s, an ] ]-year-old 
Wattmetakkl named DeMCSBoon, 
a.k.a. D. Boon. The two began to 
play together, and by the time they 

ORO E R 

graduated from San Pedro High in 
1976, punk music was creeping out 
of pnaes and into the public arena. 
Calling themselves the Reactionar-
ies, Hurley, Watt and D. Boon were 
among those who crept out. 

In 1979, after 18 months as the 
Reactionaries, they lost their lead 
singer and changed their name 10 
the Minutemen. The prolific band 
producedadoz.en a1bumsand toured 
bodl Europe and the V.S. 

The Minutemen ceased to exist 
in ]985 when D. Boon was killed in 
an aulO accident. Watt was on the 
verge of calling it quits when a 21-

year~1d guitar player and Minute-
men fan from Ohio contacted Watt 
on the false tip that the band was 
auditioning guitarists. 

Ed Crawford persisted and even-
tually won. The band became 
Firehose. Its 1986 debut album, 
Ragin' Fu/I-On. was released on 
SST Records. a small independent 
label out of Lawndale. 

Since the band's start. Firehose 
has produced four aI bums and lOUred 
extensively in the V.S. The band 
went on its fourth European tour in 
November. 

The band's fourth album, Flyin' 
the Flannel, ITI8rlts its major label 
debut on Columbia. Released in 
January. ]991, it continues 
Firehose's characteristic criticism 
and anger. Opening with the fiery 
"Down With the Bass," the album 
turns melodic and sentimental in 
"Lost Colors," written by WaH's 
wife, Kira Roessler, also a bassist 

and former member of Black Aag. 
The final song is a strong and direct 
comment on the subject of "Losers, 
Boozers and Heroes" that plays with 
persons and voices, naming some 
and speaking abstractly to and about 
others. The song addre ses a vague 
you, she. he and we: "We lie in our 
own puke, puke of our own 
makin's." 

Watt derives many recent ideas 
for lyric from people he has met on 
the road. HI use all kinds of things. 
I've written hundreds of songs. solo 
make them fresh I use extreme feel-
ings I get from meeting people." 

He describe his general style as 
"very impressionistic." It is deeply 
personal. as reflected in his frequent 
use of the first person singular " I." 

The lyrics are charged with poli-
tics. The mass media. main tream 
entertainment, the political e tab-
Ii hmentandapatheticmasse come 
under heavy criticism. 

Watt maintains some hope in the 
masses because '" know the masses 
are gonna have kids who ride kate-
board • and those are the people we 
got a chance with." 

The "kids who ride skateboards," 
coUege students, and other Fi rehose 
listeners are the force that pushes 
the band forward in the face of its 
anger and frustration with the latus 
quo. "We gotta get that next record 
OUL We gotta write that next song, 
play thatnellt gig. Somekidcountin' 
on ya," said Watt. 

lbe same anger and cynicism in 
Wan's speech, the same concepts 

o F o MEG A 

FIteIMn - Guitartist Ed Crawford tends to a fire of a different kind. 

the band members struggle with as 
critical , reflective individual , 
emerge in Firehose's lyrics and 
music. 

This is deliberate and conscious. 

Watt strives to be genuine; his funda-
mental hope is that who the Firehose 
guys are 85 people and what the band 
projects via music and lyrics are seen 
as one and the same. 

sonal 
101 ing 
ow· Out 

The Order of Omega would like 
to con ratulate its 1992 inductees: ale 
t f::! :' ~ .,. . 

Trevor Auer Katie Olsen 
Robert Barnett Erin Poole 
Eryc Branham Rupesh Shah 

-

NancyChome Kristyn Sparks 
Larry .Crane Robert Spector 
Julie Cullinane Kimberly Tong 
Caroline Jones Nancy Tretheway 
Cheryl Kaino Shennan Griffin 
Steve Moawad 

Ia.low retail 
ona"--'" 
.. erchanelise 

Wo.en's anel .. en's elothlnl tro .. 
fa .. ous eleparl .. ent stores, catalogues 

a ratallen, such a .... 

S 
clays 
c.nly 
WH. March II 

.. 
s... Marcil IS 

Tweeds, Generra, 
Victoria's Secret, 

Limited, B.U.M. 
Equipment, and 

many, many more 
NAME·BRANDS! 

[j] 8250 CAMINO SANTA FE (just down the rvacI) Go .... 011 La JoIa YIIop DIM, 41ig1m past Hwy 105, 
left 011 Camino SanIa Fe • 450-3323 

The Order of Omega would like 10 exrend a special thank you to all who applied. APPAREL 
DESIGNE.I 
ZONE 

HOUI5: Wed,-Fri., 11 .,..7 pm • Sat.-5un. 11 am-S pm 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AT SAN DIEGO 
-



H6 HIATUS 

Get 
• nLui Obi po 
• 
• . Pi.mo~a('h 

• 
,., • nta Maria 

• 
' Lompoc 
• 
• 
• 

• Baker field 
: (andAmtrak:\ 

: "Sall,Joaquin") 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• : 

• : ••• Lancasler 
• •• : ••• Pal md(l I!' 

: : , (InU! ('ionta 
• • . : 

• Glendale 
: ••• Pa<;adl'nll 

LA:. 

nta Ana 
Irvine 

SanJull11 apiSLrano 
San I('mente 

-:' n iegans" 
•• 00 Bus feeders 

an Diego 

The UCSD Guardian 

while the gBtting 
back's good! 

·Returnfal1 - anyday 
on any of daily roundtrips 

between San Diego and Los 
Angeles, and2daily round-

trips between Lo Angeles 
and anta Barbara, aboard 

Amtrak's "San Diegans" ervice. 
Relief from driving stres & relief 

from budget tre s - thi is as 
good as it gets! 

owt.akeAmtrak·s" onOi gans" loyourdcstinoli nf r 
th~ rt'gula r faN.'. and .\"Our retum trip i, only 7 'IhIwl roundtrip 
ilI'l "t'('n Sun Oit'go nnd , nnl.a Ann for just 24. orlx'l"wn, an 
Oil'gO and ntll Barbaro for just 'J!). 

7 return fare i good a ny day aboard Amtrak . including 
special Amlrnk bus connections serving such citi 8S Palmdale. 
I ~~ncaster. an Luis Obispo and Bakersfield (ll11d our Amtrak's 
.. an Joaquin" rvice). your travel ag ntorcall Amtrak at 

t·800·USA·RAILfordetails. 
A mtrak Stations: San D~Q; 1050 Kettner Blvd.; Del Mar: 

IS Place & Ocean Driw; ': 235S. 'fremont; San Clemente· 
Municipal Pier; San Juan CapistrlIDo: 26701 Verdugo Street. . 

Get in on Amtrak's One-Wa~ Plus $7 Return Fare. iii 
" 1 , .. I urn '.m" .... hd jdr tr ... d throuth 1:l Ii/ Q..? u;n-pt .. n t 11 ~ 19, !\ :l~ 6/ :l!\. rrtd.y., ~t,u·d.y".nd:"und.y. In Junor . July . UICV.l. g .• II '7. JV2<t IV26 •• nd lV29 Other~ "u~llon mayeppl,. 

DO Z 'E N 
CARNATIONS 

with purdl:b<' of to or lI1()r". (x "alid w~h any (xl",r "lfl'l'. Exp.3126192 

We Deliver World I W;~! 

F'owe~s 
& Gifts 

Costa Verde Center 
behind oupExchange 
8750 Gene ee Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

THREE DAYS LEFT TO FILE 
FOR A.S. ELECTIONS! 

Monday 

30 

MARCH 
Tuesday VVedltesday 1nDursday 

12 

FINALS AND SPRING BREAK 

President Commissioners: 
VP Admin Academic Aftiirs 
VP Finance Communications 
VP External Ops/Serviccs & Enterprises 

Programming 

Friday 

13 

Senators: 
Sophomore, 
Junior & Senior 
from each 
college 

March 12 & 13 Last days to file before break 
8:00 am - 4:00 pm 

March 30 

pick up filing packets from Anna 
A.S. offices,3rd floor, Price Center 

• Last day to file: 
filing packets due by 4 :00 pm 
to Anna, A.S. Offices 

• Candidates meeting 
5:00 - 6:00 pm, 
SF/Santa Cruz Room, 
2nd floor, Price Center 

Tbanday, March 12, 1992 'Ibc UCSD Guardian HIATUS H7 

86 'Article 99' •.. or Not? 
By WIleen Wane 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

Not long after the release of 
"JFK," the bureaucratic system is 
being questioned once again in Orion 
Pictures' new film, "Article 99." 
lbough it may not cause as much 
uproar as "JFK" did, i! is already 
anrocting a lot of attention and con-
troversy weeks before its formal 
nationwide release. 

"Article 99," which opens Fri-
day, is a film about a group of young 
doctors (played byRay Liotta, Kiefer 
Sutherland, Forest Whitaker. Lea 
Thompson, John C. McGinley, and 
K3Ihy Baker), who wage a war 
against the bureaucr.ltic system of 
the Vetemn Administration hospi-
tal which practices the act of "Ar-
ticle 99." 

Though "Article 99" is fictitious, 
both Cutler and Director Howard 
Deutch claim that the hospital con-
ditions portrayed in the film are 
typical of reality. One of the events 
at the begiMing of the film portrays 
an incident based on actual events . 
This scene portray an angered vet-
eran who, afterreceiving'a notifica-
tion of Article 99,drives his pick-up 
truck through the hospital lobby, 
starts shooting at computer tenni-
nals and threatens to take hostages. 

According to the Feb. 22 issue of 
the Orange COl/lilY Regisler, 
Michael Kaiser, president of mar-
keting and distribution and acting 
head of Orion Pictures, has already 
accused the U.S. Department of 
Veterans Affairs of trying to inter-
fere with the studio's publicity cam-
paign for "Article 99." 

sions set up nationwide." 
Joe Banson, an acting directorof 

the V.A.'s national film office in 
Los Angele , told the Regisler that 
"the communication this month in-
formed V.A. employees that they 
couldn't go to screening or panel 
discus ion on govemmenttime. If 
somebody wants to go during the 
evening hours, they certainly are 
free to do so." 

The film further fuels the contro-
versy by showing doctors having to 
go underground to serve their pa-
tients who often need immediate 
attention but cannot get it. The doc-
tors must subvert the system by 
-stealing medicine, body parts for 
transplams. commandeering pper-
ating rooms and sequestering in-
firm patiems doomed to discharge. 
referred to as a "gomer." 

Gomer, roughly tmnsJated as 
"Get this mummy out of my exam-
ining room." refers to a patient who 
doesn't need the treatment that's 
been authorized. but can't get the 
treatment he needs. "Meanwhile," 
expluinsSutherland'scharacter. "the 

DoIIIC ...... Director Howard Deutch and Keith David (Luther Jerome). 

"Article 99" is what the writerof 
the film, Ron Culler. refers to as "a 
'Catch 22' forthe '90s and a bureau-
cr.ltic lethal weapon, Article 99 
promises veteran full medical ben-
efits, however, as the diagnosed con-
dition cannot be pecifically related 
to milital)' service, treatment is not 
available at thi time." 

The article states that Kaiser 
claims "the government agency dis-
tributed a memorandum to its em-
ployees instructing them not to co-
operate with the studio and to dis-
courage veterans from anending 
advance screenings of the fi lm, or 
from participating in panel discus- See ARTlCLE 99, Page H8 

TANNING " •• OlfT 

LARGE PAIVA 1£ AOOIIS 
.... NO BURN, NO PEa 
-- 'We L811118 The 

CorrpJtition In The ShIMJe' 

~5 sEsslOIsl 
! -'$19! L_II_~~~ 

(619)693-4022 
7190 Miramar Road, Suite E 109 

(behind Kentucky Fried Chicken) 

Don't Monkey 
AIou .... 

Starving people In Russia? 
Sure, but what Cal you do 
about it? Could you do enough 
to make a dent? 

A hole In the ozone? 5caIy 
thou(t1t. Butotherthan buyir'C 
products wt1tlout CFCs what 
can you do? 

Global warmln,,? Maybe, 
maybe not. Reason to 
capool? Or m&)'be to go to 
the beach (but there's that 
nasty ozone problem again). 

Recycling? Maybe It's not 
enough to make much of a 
dent. But. hey. It's 8 start. 

~II'~ 
C\ ~ 
c 0 ~ , 

7525 EADS AVENUE 
AT PEARL 

STORE HOURS 
Mon.-Sat. 9 AM to 9 PM 
Sunday 9 AM to 6 PM 

PHONES 
Main Store .............. 551-0699 
Pharmacy ............. .. 556-8698 
Photo Dept. ............ 551-0799 LA JOLL 

Come into ~ongs expanded Stationery 
Dept. for all your school needs. Huge 
selection of pens, notebooks, in all sizes, 
and even art supplies I 

PHOTO & ELECTRONICS 
Cameras, film, watches and celculators, 
video accessories and more. Longs Photo 
Center features double prints at one low 
price EVERY DAY, plus a variety of custom 
photoprocessing services. 

I 
PHARMACY DEPT. 

Our full service pharmacy will fill your pre· 
scriptions promptly, accurately. and at rea· 
sonable prices. Longs carries a complete 
selection of name brand, private label and 
gen!ric products. 

HALLMARK 
GIFTS & NOVELTIES 

Whatever the occasion, Hallmark prob-
ably has just the right card. Come see 
Longs' unique giftware selections from 
Country Collectibles to traditional gift ideas. 

COSMETICS & TOILETRIES 
You'lI find the most famous names in cos-
melics and fragrances at Longs as well as 
trained cosmeticians to assist you with col-
ors, treatment and application. 

( 
STUDENT APPLIANCES 

Longs stocks all the appliances students 
need and want. [;)on't pay department 
store prices. Come to Longs La Jolla for 
blow dryers, curling irons, hot plates, toast-
ers and much more at Longs super low 
prices. 

p ••••••••••• . ........ _ .. _ .. 
• .~~ .... ".. 
• 1~~~~.....l...._...I..l._ 
I LAJOLLA 
: STORE ONLY 
• I· L.IINIl ....... Coupan, - ....... - . I . ·dIIr .... "'" am ... ucao ...... .,........ . 

STUDENT OFFER! • 

250/0 OFF" i 
your first purchase I 
at Longs Drug Store 
La Jolla. 

• No limit on quenf1y of __ pu_ ln one • 
_ . NotIlQdng'-':O. __ • 
-...0< doiIy~ • 

.. _ .. _ .. 
LONGS VALUABLE COUPON .._ ... _. 



H8 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

COMMurER STUDENT SERVICES 
congratulates 

ROGERKUO 
for placing fmt in the 

Commuter Student Services 
Logo Contest 

Second Place Winner: 
Christen Roberts 

We look klfWard to serving you at 
Commuter Student Services 

Student Center Building "8", mail code 0309 
534-3670 

Make sure your road trip proceeds without a hitch. 

a1. 0110 :.til IHJ 
_'m""", 

m tim ' road trip ' an b a littl m r ad nturou than you . 
-- --" }f1 . ...... ntt' u 

xp t th m to b . Which is why you hould alwa pack your AT( TCallingCard. 0 

It' all ou n d t make a all from aIm t anywheIi to anywheIi . It' the lea t 

xp nsi wa to all : tat -to- t t n At T wh n ou an't dial dir ct. And now. 

ou auld at a g t 10% back on aU th 1 ng eli tanc all y u make with 

y ur ar ~ 0 Th AT( 'T Calling Card. It' th b t Ii ut t wh rver y u'r going. 

Call more, ave more with an AT&T CaUing Card. 
CallI 800 65 -0471, t . 5915. 

'Musl make lieasl $30 worlh of AT&T Long Dlslance Calls Wllh your AT&T Card per quarter Calls covered by special 
A~~~~~'&¥ plana ara not Included 

AllaT 

lbunday, March 12, 1992 

ARIICLE. 
C ................ H7 
doctors keep 'IWfinS' him around 
the hospilal ••. 10 podiaby. urology. 
pstroinfatinaI ... everywhere ex-
cept out on the Sb'eCL " 

In a R'JCeI1I press conference. 
Deutch was asked how he bcame 
aatractcd 10 this film He explained 
dill he thoushl the movie would 
make people see something in a 
new way. 1bompson. who was also 
presentaltheconfaa1ce, added thai 
she fdl the script seemed daring and I 
thatilwasanexcitingchanceforher : 
10 be a part of a movie thai raised so 
many questiom. 

Both Deulch and 1bompson 
hope thai the movie will set people , 
10 think and perhaps even react. 
Deutch would like the film lolouch I 
people. H people are louched. they . 
may stan 10 gel upset Emotions are 
stimd which leads to passion. and 
passion. according 10 Deutch. forces 
change. He hopes the movie will re-
ignite attiludes about veterans.caus-
ing the public to become more ac-
tive by doing small things such as 
writing to their congressmen and 
expressing their concerns. This. 
Duetch say , may get the govern-
ment to reprioritize a lillIe. 

Though" Anicle 99" deals with 
very serious i ues. it i filled with 
humor that make it a very enjoy-
able film. "In thi pressure cookerof 
mi placed priorities. the medical 
staff discovers that a sense of hu-
mor, a blatant disregard for author-
ity and mo tly, a commitment to 
healing, are what it takes to keep its 
hippocratic oath .... "That the screen-
play which emerged was laced with 
cauterizing comedy comes as no 
urprise. "In a ituation like that,the 

only way to keep your sanity i to 
keep your sense of humor," said 
Culler. 

ORESTES 
ContInued from .... H4 
out this vision. 

"I'm wondering in al1 the civili-
zations thai have ebbed; did lhey nOi 
know !hey were in decline until it 
was too late?" said Woodruff. "I 
think they prelend il is the past The 
pretense is what they drown in." 

Woodruff chose 10 direct this 
work in specific response to the 
Gulf War. 

"It' a victorious anny coming 
home to a society that is in shambles. 
I think it reflects the situalion in 
American society. Actually, it's a 
gay romp through the ruins of a 
decadent and ruined society as it 
pretends it is still leading Western 
Civilization. With lOIS of music and 
dancing," said Woodruff. 

Before one considers missing this 
perfonnance because studenls re-
ceiveenough lectures in school, heed 
Woodruffs parting words. ''The 
audience. as always, should Ihink 
two things when leaving the theater. 
Where did I park my cat? And where 
should we go eat?" 

CRITIC'S 
CHOlCE~ 
WHERE: Mandell Weiss 
Auditorium. 
WHEN: March 11-14 at 8 
p.m., March 15 at 7 p.m. 
WHo: UCSD Theatre 
Department 
WHAT: Modem adaptation 
of EuripideS' Orestes. Call 
5344574 for more into. 


