
Elsewhere 
P..a W. Address 
Higher Education 
OAKLAND-Three leaders in 
higher education will discuss 
i sue facing U.S. colleges at 
UCLA on Oct. 15. The session 
will attempt to deal with the 
university' 1993-94 budget and 
future enrollment planning. 'The 
presentations will give the U 
Regents the opportunity to review 
major national issues:it a time 
when fiscal constraints are so 
great," said Murray Schwartz. 
interim Vice President for 
Academic Affairs. 

Invisible ... 
Ravages UCB I.D .. 
BERKELEY-Students at UCB 
are finding that the ink on their 
identification tickers isn't as 
permanent as they originally 
thought. The stickers allow 
students, staff and faculty acc to 
variou building and recreation 
facilities The problem i appar-
ently the result of a printing error, 
and adrrnnistrators have assured 
the worried students that they will 
replace the stickers at no charge. 

UCDOpens 
'Rocknaslum' 
OA VIS-Two students at UC 
Davis have completed the 
Rocknasium, a gym for rock-
climbers. The goal i to provide a 
safe environment for those 
interested in learning to climb. It is 
designed for beginners and experts 
alike, providing 20 climbing routes 
ranging from low-angle walls to 
steep, challenging routes studded 
with caves and overllangs. While 
there is no( yet a structw'ed class 
system, plans have been made to 
offer informal classes to beginners. 

UCSB Sbtves for 
Executive DIversity 
SANTA BARBARA - A recent 
report says that UCSB ranks near 
the top as an employer of under-
represented group;. UCSB has 
filled 26 percent of their admini -
tralive po itions with minorities 
and women. They followed a UC 
system-wide policy which works to 
help assist underrepresented groups 
in education and employment. 

Inside 

Co-opFORUM 
OPINION: Admini trators and 
co-op representative look for 
solutions to current crisis 4 

HIATUS: To celebrate its 
25th anniversary, KSOT plans 
a weekend of music. HI 

Index 
UCSD BRIEFS ............... ... ....... :2 
A.S. MEETING NOTES .............. 3 
OPINION ........ ..... ... ............... 4 
HlAnJS ...................... ........ 01 
PORTS ............................... 11 

CLASSIFIEDS ........................ 12 

T H E u 

UC ANDlEGO 11IURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1992 VOLUME 77, I UE7 

Dan McOO'lYeli/Guardlan 
Aztec dancers perform during MEChA's Columbus Day Protest, 

MEChA Protests Columbus Day 
By PhIlip MIchaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

The 5roh anniversary of Christopher 
Colwnblls' arrival in America was maned 
by the placing of cardboard coffInS around 
campus and a Monday evening rally thai 
condemnedColwnbus' "conquest of the New 
World" 

Araceli Garcia, president of Movimiento 
Esturuantil Chicano de Azllan (MEOlA), 
described the events as a chance to raise the 
level of cultural awareness on campus. 

"TIus is a night of awareness and educa-
tion about the true meaning of Christopher 
Colwnbus Day," Garcia said at the evening 
rally co-sponsored by MEOlA and the inter-
national Oub. 

Earlier in the day, MEOlA placed seven 
cardboard coffins around campus. Written on 
each of the coffins was information from 
"Rethinking Columbus," an educational 
magazineabouttheslaughterofNativeAmeri-
cans dwing Colwnbus' era. 
~ of the coffins read "Did you know 

that in 1492, there were three million Tainos 
Indians in North America? Fifty years after 
Columbus' anival, there were only 200." 

According to members of MEOlA, the 
coffins had been damaged during the day. 
Many of the coffInS had been kicked in, and 
one had been visibly spat upon. 

JuanAstorga,amemberofMEChA,said 
that one of the coffins in Revelle Plaza had 
been labeled with a sign reading ''~id you 
know this was bullshitT 

"Our general reaction is sadness. This is 
supposed to be a center for highereducation," 
Astorga said of the vandalism. "We're nying 
to bridge the gap of racism, sexism and 
homophobia," he added. 

Garcia also ex~ sadnes.s over the 
darnage done to the coffins. "It disappoints me 
to see that people still can't have respect for 
other people's culture," he said. 

Monday evening's rally, called the Raza 
Cultural Awareness Night, was attended by 
approximately ISO UCSD students. Amalilca 

See COLUMBUS, Page 8 

ROTC Program 
Cancelled, Polley 
Violation Cited 
MIUTARY: Committee on Education Policy 
ays ROTC program is contrary to UCSD's 

academic mis ion, non-di crimination policy 
By FrancIsco DeVries 
News Editor 

U SD students will no longl!r be permined to enroll in the 
Reserve Officer Tmining Corps (ROTC) progmlll. and Sludent\ 
already in the program will receive noacademiccredit afterthis year. 

The "crosstown agreement" that allowed UCSO student" to 
enroll in ROTC at the Univen;iry of .U1 Diego (U D) will not be 
renewed after this year. 

Currently, UCSDstudent wi~hingtoenroll in ROTCmu!>t tmvel 
twice a week to USD for clas.'>es. 

Political Science Profe !.Or Peter Irons sent a leiter to the UCSO 
Comminee on Educati n Policy (CEP) last year. recommending 
that the program be terminated. 

Irons ci ted discrimination based on sexual orientation and the 
lack of connection with UCSO's academic mission as reasons for 
requesting the change in policy. 

'The ROTC progmm violates univen;ity policies on sexual 
discrimination ... the university ha5 a very firm policy on that. . .. It 
is [also] not even rem tely connected with UCSO'. academic 
mission," said Iron . 

United States military policy does not allow gays, lesbians or 
bisexual to join the armed forces and dismisses tho~ who admit to 
their homosexuality after joining. 

last year's CEP Chair, Biology Professor Douglass Smith, 
presided over the committee's decision. He said that the cEP Wa5 
"historically opposed"to the ROTC program. but that the lener from 
Irons "gave the CEP an excuse to look at I the issuel once again." 

This year's CEPChair. Political Science Profe 'sorSarn Kemell. 
said that the progrnm 's cancellation "Wa5 something that had been 
in the works for some time." 

AccordingtominutesfromtheCEPmeetingonJune 12, Warren 
Provo t David Wong argued that "there is no program or course at 
UCSD remotely resembling ROTC and that diverting students' 
efforts to such activities has no academic value and may unduly 
prolong students time-to-degree." 

The minutes also state that "the [ROTC! programs operate in 
violation of the spirit and the letter of university regulations in terms 
of discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation:' 

Captain George Love of the Naval ROTC program at USD said 
that he did not believe the decision was motivated by sexual 
orientation discrimination or academic differences. 

'The whole NROTC program nationwide has been ... getting 
smaller along with the whole military !:.tructure," he said. 

Love also said that UCSD would be losing an important element 
See ROTC, Page 8 

A.S. and Co-ops Begin Negotiations On Oversight 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

Negotiations are continuing be-
tween the A ociated Students and 
the co-ops ona last minute propo alto 
avoid eviction of the tudent-run bu i-
nesses 

Under a propo al made by A sis-
tant Vice Chancellor of Student Pro-
grams and Facilities Tom Tucker last 

" week.theAS. woulda5sume liability 
and accountability for aU aspects of 
the co-ops, 

But the issue of autonomy for the 
A.S. is still a major point of conten-
tion. In a response to Tucker's letter, 
A,S. President Mike Holmes wrote 
that, "The AS. is nO( its own associa-

tion, in fact it is a University depart-
ment without control over its funds or 
taff. .. it may be legally premature, 

then, to implement the propo al that 
you have outlined in your letter." 

In his written response, Holmes 
called for an interim agreement be-
tween the AS., the university and the 
co-ops which would allow time for the 
discussion of a possible change of status 
for the A.S. within the university. 

'The agreement would be on an 
interim, annual basis, until a change 
in the university status (a move to-
ward greater autonomy) which may 
involve the A.S., the Graduate Stu-
dent Association (GSA), the Univer-
sity Center Board, (UCB), and other 

student groups, was agreed upon and 
established," the letter states. 

The co-ops and the AS. have now 
begun negotiations on Tucker'S pro-
posal and terms for a new AS.-co-ops 
agreement. 

According to Holmes, negotiations 
are going well, but "l}Ything is set in 
stone." Holme said that before any-
thing is signed, the AS. needs its own 
legal counsel. 

"We came up with ome good 
ideas ... however, there are concerns 
on the AS. 's part, as we feel that we 
need to get independent legal counsel 
on this matter, even if just to review 
what we've done ... the university is 

See C()'()PS, Page 8 

Da-id Cho/Gulrd~ 
A.S. PresIdent MIke HoIIMe 
IIddreMes the UCB meetIIC. 



Berkeley Professor Makes 
Weekly Commute to UCSD 
INSTRUCTOR: Professor flies to San Diego every 

10nda to teach a class and spend time on the beach 
By Julie Pak 
Guard,an Reporter 

UC Berkeley Political Science Pro-
fc!.Mlr Martin hapiro d nOl follow a 
normal schedule. 

Every Monday morning. Shapiro 
cat lies a plane to San Diego to teach 
P litical ience I04A."SupremeCourt 
and the Consrirution," from 4 10 7 p.m. 
After a Tuesday ill the beach. he heads 
back to Berkeley. where he teade at the 
law )'chool and in the 
undergraduah! legal 
,tudiC' progmm. 

While~me maybe 
,urpri\ed at hi~ "hcd· 
u Ie. h.1plro takes hi~ 
500-mile commule 
gr.Jcefully. 

from some studen~ and focu Ity, Shapiro 
said he stands fiJTllly by hi, belief . 

"There'~ always a controversy of 
l>Ome kind in my cla. ..... My views are 
different. so I ~y a 101 of thing~ ITlO!>t 
professorsdon 't~y,Everyyear,there's 
a new Icontroversyl:' he said. 

Shapiro's teaching style has also 
been subjecl 10 crilicism because he 
tcac~ ' ludclllS to questioo tho!.e be-
liefs that are dc:are\t 10 them. Often 

tho,e bt:liefs have 
been accepted I eas-

ily,he~d . 
"I teach by aggra-

vauon. If t/1e Mudentl. 
aren'l angry with me, 
I'm 1101 doing a good 
job. I view my job as 
teaching you that what 
you firmly believe to 

"I'm cerutinly not a 
hero ... it'~ nice om-
ing back to La Jolla and 
g ing 10 the beach. I 

~tay very nicely over-
night. .. I get a g I 
deal." he ~id. 

Prof~wr Shapiro, 
along with Profe~~r 

anford Lakoff. Marred 
Ihe Polili al S ience 

partment at U SD 
18ye.:u;ago.Afierle.:lv, 
ing UC D to join UC 
Berkeley's fa ully, 
Shapiro continued his 
weelJYl'OlnmutetoSan 
Diego to teach corl.'>ti-
tutionallaw. 

"I'm certainly 
not a hero ••• 
tt's nice coming 
back to La Jolla 
and going to the 

true b not true. I 
think that' s what edu-
canon i,all about. and 
Ihat's why you're 
here," he said. 

A(;cording 10 Re-
velle ollege ~Iudent 
EddieC1loi. hapiro', 
style b effective. 

"I went into the 
cia...... WI th many :.et 
view a ut the Con-
~tituuon , but the things 
he S.1yS makes me re-
thinl- them." Choi 
said. "Hi~ sense of 
humor and drive adds 
10 lhe cla.~s ... nor-

Nad1 .•• 

hapirod ' not re-
ceive a 1100nal salary. 

I get a good 
deal." 

-Profeuor 
Mrin ShapIro 

"Sa>,ically, the job coven. my ex-
pet~ I tr.IJ1!>porlatiol1 and accomrnoda-

tiotl~l. whichcom~toal1 in .... 1flCly~mall 
fmctiotl of what I would get paid in 
salary. and which is also ~u~tantially 

b~ than what a !>taIling assistanl profes-
~r would make:' he !>aid. 

ThcPoliticai Science Dep..·utrncl1Iabo 
bcncfitl. bcca~ it i~ able 10 add an ther 
conslilUlion:lllawcla,,~ to its cuniculum. 

"Theotlly people who are negatively 
affecled are die ~tudenl~ beca~e they 
only gel one hour with nle for office 
hour.;. and they' re taught by someone 
who's not here all the time." he said. 

hapiro's political beliefs and teach-
IIlg style make him somewhal unique 
among his colleagues. 

He cotlSiders himself a conservative 
Republican. while most of d'le faculty 
and much of the s!1Jdent body with which 
1'Ie works are Orl1Cwhat liberal, accord-
mg to h.'lpiro. 

During hi career he has been ac-
c~d of being everything from a com-
munist to a f<&ist. 

Hi~ op~ition to affirmative action 
and other civil rights programs have 
opened the door to critici m from several 
..:ampuses. 

Despite the di approval he receives 

mally. a 3-hour c1~ 
would be boring. but he reJlJy makC!> it 
intefC!>ting ... 

Shapiro i~ um-ure how long he will 
continue hi~ weekly commute. 

Thcuniver..ity budgelcul~ may maJ-e 
il diffkult for the univmity to continue 
funding Ihe trips. 

"I am what they c:lIl an under-the-
line profeswr. whi h means that I'm 
enti tled to teach here but that doe n't 
carry any budgetary signifi anee." 
Shapiro said. 

Hi~ future at UCSD depends on 
whether or not the admini~tration de-
cides to continue supporting hi ex-
penses. as well as how much more time 
and effort he has to put into his UC 
Berkeley f uI ty tenure. 

Although Shapiro lives and leaches 
in Bcrl.eley. he praises UCSD's pr0-
gram. 

"Asoneofthefoundingmem~of 
thi department. I am very pleased by 
the growth and quality of the students 
and faculty. Given the izeofthedepart-
men! and in terms of tile quality of each 
member of the faculty. it i widely 
recognized and respected. I feel that. 
person by person. it is the best political 
science depanrnent in the country." 
Shapiro said. 

The C. D Guardian Thur .Iay. Octolwr IS, 199'2 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 

uru.o, cov~Ti ll8RAA.~ ~ 
'(Es. 00 '«:1J I-\Po.~~ AN'! 

a~s O~ 'ri\l'i GI\I.\!> 
AR" so .... t.IR.\)? 

r l'. ~ttl(; 
A \3.'.nI, 
CALI/tto! . 

BRIEFLY ••• 

~ 1EAM"., 1'0 un 
10 SlE 'PJ TII.Y fT.' 

" ',I . 

~ .~ 
i~/lrs 'tillAr I SAID. OR 
'iW ""\~\ .. lSO \R'i 
lOO\(It(; Vt\OCR ·~tto.JS~ 
!~----1 
1 
I 
• i 
L" , 

aI,~. Ne.'U MIND 
If 'NAS I'«>l\lIt04G . 

/ 

,...--------, 

i 
, ~ 'bJ ~IOIJS?' 'tIJ 

~ ~ I¥) R£SW-G\ 
ON Tt\\S ,.T ALL?~ 

\ 

~I_~ 

141 BRJ.,IIi 'f!1S\\"S M~ Ef.O 
~o CJ>.ll.·WMn~G. 

\ 

f 
--. .•. , 

-.. 

'Snake Path' To Be Inaugurated 
The eleventh sculpture created for the Stuart Art 

Collection at UCSD will be offiCially inaugurated on 
Saturday, Oct. 24 at 3:30 p.m. 

The sculpture. entitled "Snake Path : is located on 
the east side of the Central Library and measures 560 
feet from tail to tongue. 

Artist Alexis Smith used slate tiles to represent the 
snake's scales and pink granite for the tongue. Near 
the top of the sculpture Is a small "Garden of Eden" in 
which various trees and exotic plants have been placed, 
along with a granite bench engraved with a depiction of 
Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. 

According to Smith, whose paradise theme is 
prevalant in her other works as well, the ·Snake Path" 
sets up a metaphor for the university. Students who 
enter eventually move out into the world, using the 
knowledge gained at UCSD as a guide she said. 

The project was funded by grants from the National 
Endowment for the Arts, the Stuart FoUndation and 
various other public and private donors. 

Upcoming Stuart projects include a giant picnic 
table covered with text and a sunken granite seating 
area. 

FIve Supporters Join UCSD 
foundation ao.d of 1'rusteM 

The UC San Diego Foundation has welComed five 
new members to its Board of Trustees, Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson said. The foundation is a no~orrt 
organization charged with raiSing and ffi()~ing private 
support for UCSD. 

"As the university enters an era of increasingly tight 
budgets and limited state funds, private support from 
the community is more important to UCSD than ever 
before: said Jerome Katzin, president of the Board of 
the UC San Diego Foundation. 'These new board mem-
bers are all prominent and accomplished citizens who, 

I am sure, will contribute signifteantly to the growth and 
success of the university." 

According to Katzin, the last 10 years have seen an 
increase from $9 million to $68.9 million in the assets 
raised by the foundation. The market value of endow-
ment funds invested in the UCSD foundation has 
increased from $3.7 to $26.8 million in the same ten-
year period. 

Senior Named RnaHat In limy 
s. Trutn.I Scho ....... p ProtPm 

Muir College Psychology major UCSD student Su-
san Ledwith has been accepted as a 1992-93 Harry S. 
Truman Scholarship finalist. 

Ledwith was one of 154 students who were desig-
nated as Ttuman Scholarship finalists, chosen from an 
original group of 1,230 candidates from 540 institu-
tions. Ledwith was one of four students chosen from 
California. 

Ledwith is minoring in teacher education and plans 
to earn her master's degree in elementary education. 
She plans to teach for several years before examining 
educational policy and curricula. 

Ledwith has also served on an ad-hoc committee 
fonned to detennine how to best spend federal money 
in elementary schools. 

UCSD to Present New York Poet 
As pert ofthe New Writing Series for the Fall Quarter, 

UCSD will feature New Vorl< poet Eileen Myles at 4:30 
p.m. on Oct. 14 in the Price Center's Santa Cruz Room 
in a free event open to the public. 

Myles, whose poems haYe appeared in numerous 
journals, also is a playwright and short story writer. 

For more information, contact UCSD's Archive for 
New Poetry at 534-2533. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor SENlOII IT4FF WIIfTERS: Jenny Galalli. Qan Krauss. Matthew Robinson 
ITAFF WIIITtIIS: Elaine Camuso. Kirsten Halverson . Gaye Johnson. Roderlc~ 
Lee. Theresa Moore. Murall Moonhy. Ely Rab.nl. tIara Saul. Julie Sherman 
DESIGN CONSULTANTS: MI&uel Buc~enmeyer. James Collier 

1ht UCSO_'S PIAlO_ Mlrday$;nI1IU5days iUi'C II'e ilaIdemc IN' II\' nI b II'e $1_ 
oIUCSO R~oIm~_".",fOm\..rtl!\erln_orIn DiWl. __ tSSII'dI; 
iJt>'1bItf<l.' 1992 _ ~ _ . 1ht VCSD Guonal IS no\ __ I« re rollin'" ""SOIioIeO 

~ .. &'lllte~ '''''Iseo,,~ an<Il<V<OletI!tSOt_dO not~ 
,.,...... h 'I".,ns a( 1ht t.tSO Gtso.Y\ lItO \.niImIIy at c.l.1:Imoa, Of I!'ot A&SroM SluOen!s 1ht 
VCSD Gi.elIan is Ilrded solely II\' ~ -...)OU 10<1 i>o • M 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC satMIM, Managing Editor 

SHANNON II fDSOE, Cow Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

BEN FREUND, Spectacle Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWEU.., Photo Editor 

PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
JEFF NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

JASON ArTCHE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SECKA, Associate News Editor 

DAVID SNOW, Associate Spectacle Editor 
GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

IUUSTRATORS: Nathan &1111 , Speed Farris. Jennifer Hart. Alan Lu"""en, 
Adrtano Munoz. Katie Roe. AI Spooa 
DDlGHElII: Wlloon Cheung. Theresa Myrtle . Katie Roe 
PIIOTOGIIAPIIDIS: Paul Mackey. SlOan CleO. Jennifer lIann 
COf'Y IIEADEIIS: Michelle Chiang. Aron Militr. Oalild Radwln. jessie SpOnge' 
ADYEllnlll'lG ASSISTANT: T .... Eoff 

BOa o.AHIIIIIA, Business Man., 
MICHAEl FOUUtI, AdtIettIslrW Alan .. 
MIllE MAmIIU, AdIIettIslrW O!rs~ 

E. LDQII HlNIrt, Cl8S$ifled ~etNe 

EdrtOfIa4: 5346580. BuslneS$ Office: 534-3468. Flit: 534-7691 
UCSD GuardIan, 9500 GIlman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Ac:tuollocobon: _ Root. UCSO ScudonI Center tIuII ... . ,.,. 

Thursday. October 15, 199'2 The UC D Cuardian 

Nobel Laureate Lectures at UCSD A.S. MEETING NOTES 
AU1HOR: South African writer Nadine Gordimer spoke about her 1991 Nobel student Cooperativee - Hearings have begun between the ASSOCiated 

Students, the university, and the co-ops. A.S. President Mike Holmes hopes 
that a settlement will be reached quickly, definitely before the end of the 
month (the eviction is scheduled for Oct. 31). As a precaution. the A.S. is 
conSidering hiring legal council to represent the A.S. in any matters pertinent 
to the negotiations. The decision will be made by written ballots which are 
to be turned in by this Friday. 

Prize for Literature during a lecture on Tuesday night. 
By Krista Carpenter 
Guardian Reporter 

Nobel Laureate Nadine Gordimer. who went from 
having her books banned in her native South Africa to 
being awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991, 
spoke about "Writing and Being" Tuesday night at the 
UCSD Price Center. 

Honored for her 1llOre than 40 years of fiction on lhe 
realities of apanheid. Gordimer said she feel ' that nOIhing 
could ever be lI! truthful as her fiction. 1bree of her books 
have been banned 
in the past because, 
as she acknowl-
edges. "writing be-
comes subversive 
when it explores 
and reveals the ugly 
secrets of the suue," 

Accord ing to 
Gord i mer. "South 
African wriler. 
made the prepam-
tions [for the abol-
ishment of apart-
heidi long before 
the transil ion came 
10 light. They 
showed hidden 
feelings of human 
warmth between 
people of di fferent races," which were surpressed because 
of apartheid laws. 

Gordimer, who was born and raised in Johannesburg, 
said she was aware of the injustices of apartheid even as a 
child 

She knew when she was very young that she did not 
share the opinions of her fellow white South Africans. 

She explained that she spent a lot of time at the local 
library with what sheconsiders her real writing teachers-
books. Since libraries were segregated., she says, "had I 
been born black, I would never have been a writer. to 

AMES 
U 

OCTOBER 15· THUR.SDAY 
arM' MANDEVILLE AUD. 
GA $15/17 ' 51 $12/14 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 
534-6467 -~ 

••• ~!."!!"! I •• 

PRE"-NTEO BY.:'(. ~~I~~ITY ~;f 
rVI NTS ()I Fief 

Her early revelations led Gordirner 10 wrile aboul 
apanheid and the Lives of both the while and black South 
Africans that it affected. 

During the 19505 she was involved in a political group 
of South African artists opposed to legalized racism, an 
acti vity that ws not only illegal, but very dangerous. Many 
of her colleagues. notjUSl blacks. bul whites. indians. and 
lhose of mixed backgrounds, were imprisoned for lheir 
anti-apw1heid SlanCeS. 

Gordimer will continue to write about South Africans, 

"It w_ the wrtt .... 
and It w_ In the 
theatre that people 

wer~abIe to act out 
their frustrations, 
and their anger with 
one anotll., and 
W .... able to show 
how, tIwough their 
... _.tty, people 
could Ive together" 

-NadIne Gorclmer 

even though apart-
heid has been 
largely abolished. 
She says Ihe 
changedesegrega-
tion bting "ha, 10 
work ih way 
through landl be 
interpreted by the 
imagination. So I 
don 'tlhink that ei-
ther! orolher wril-
ers in South Africa 
are. so to ' peak. up 
to date with lhe 
changes. lllat will 
come laler. with 
time." 

Ultimately. 
Gordimerdoes not 

feel that writers have much influence at the government 
level anywhere in the modem world. 

However, she believes that wrilersdid contri bu Ie 10 the 
elimination of apartheid. 

" It was the writers and it was in the theater that people 
were able to act out their frustrations and their anger with 
one another. and were able to show how, through their 
humanity, people could live together," she said 

Nadine Gordimer' s latest novels and short story collee-
lions are available at the Central Library and the UCSD 
Bookstore. 

UC ~ - The A.S. received what is expected to be the final version of 
the UC budget on Monday, the regents will most likely vote to approve the 
President's recommendations at a meeting today. The recommended 
budget calls for merit.oased salary increases for faculty, as well as a 
retroactive measure that would provide for the payment of faculty merit 
increases that were not funded last year. The University of California 
Student Association (UCSA) opposes those increases, as well as the mid-
year fee increase and the $70 million loan that the preSident'S offICe may 
take out to defer that increase. 

L~lIIItion - Govemor Pete Wilson has vetoed almost all of the bills that 
have reached his desk from the UCSA and other student organizations. As 
a reSUlt, the state legislature went into special session last Thursday and 
Friday In an attempt to override several of the governor's vetoes. A large 
Democrat-sponsored rally on the steps of the Capitol was not influential 
enough. however, to push through SB 1533. a bill that would have cut the 
state bureaucracy to restore funding to financial aid programs. The bill failed 
to find an author and consequently remained tabled . 

UClA FandnC - Vice President Colin Wilson brought up the pending issue 
of UCSA funding. The separate universities within the UC system have not 
been contributing the same per·student fee to support the efforts of the 
UCSA, the main UC student lobbying association. UCSD led funding with a 
$1.50 per student contribution, while UC Berkeley was at the bottom with 
88 cents per student. 

- Phillip Cole, Guardian Reporter 

You've Leamed H ••• 
Now Do H' 
If you endured the G"ardiclll's Writer Tr.Jining Program. 
there's no reason why you shouldn' t be pounding the 
pavement for us. So. to Ihose dedicated few who sluck it out 
until the bitter end, come in and get what you deserve ... and 
perhaps a story as well. 

~.~~~·a: It'. Not Just A Job ... It's A Way Of ute I1UIU1IJIRn 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

lY[IDffi ~@ffilf []Grn\!7~rnW @®O!JIT~rn 
by Co{umbia !RJview 

I Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1986 I 
* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 

• INTENSIVE MCAT prep and med ~chool application nssi,tance is our ~pecia lly 
and nil we do! 

• An independent program run and taught by dedicmed M.D .• ~. UCSD M.D.-Ph.D. 
candidates and faculty members who are M<':AT EXPERTS 

• Reading and writing work,hop, taught by a lOp UCSD ENGLISH PRO FE ~OR 
• 12 WEEK ( 150+ hour~) of delailed in-cla~, inslruclion and te~ting. problem 

~olving, rcading/wriling worbhop~. review group,. med ,chool applicntion and 
admi~, ion~ 'trat.:gie~. and tutoring 

• 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and formula ,hecl'. reading and 
writing ,tudy guides. MCAT and admi,sion, walegy handout,. problem ~eb ami 
timed exam" wrillen by MCAT expel''' 

• DIRECT CONTACT wilh physicians and current medical ~tudenls 
• TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges for enrolled , Iudents 
• The MOST POPULAR MCAT course with Ihe BEST DOCUMENTED 

RESULTS in San Diego 
• LOWER TUITION Ihnn olher courses 

~ ~ 
NOW ENROLLING FOR OUR 

JANUARY '93 COURSE 

456-4848 



4 OPINION Tlw U D GuanJian Thurs, lay, Oc tob"r 15. 19')"l 

PION 

Graphics Dy AI Sponc/Guan:l'an 

The -op ugo'War 
Administrators and Students Seek Common Ground as Eviction Deadline Nears 

In this special opinion section, representatives from the C<XlpS and the administration explain their respective positions on the current co-op 
controversy. The explanations are responses to questions asked by the Guardian editorial board - Editor in Chief Ben Boychuk, 

Managing Editor Eric Schmidt, News Editor Francisco DeVries and Opinion Editor Philip Michaels. With the exception of some bracketed clarifications, 

Joe Watson 
Vice Chancellor for 
V ndergradllaJe Affairs 

I. 'The irbistence of the adminis-
trJtion that the c()-()JJ' conduct their 
retail operJtions in a manner thai : 

• Protc\:L'i and ~rves the best interests of all UCSD ~rudenb: 
• Provlde~ all 'tudent~ equal opportunity to particlpatt! fully In 
the operJlIorl~ and deci,ion milkJIIg of the co-op~: 
• Provlde~ all \tudcnL, the opportunity for e:o.cellent I~UllJIIg 
e'\pcriellCe~ : ,Uld 
• Does not illCre<l.\e the habilit e"l ~ure of the univer..ity and 
lollows good bll~ines., practices. 

2. 'The CO-O~ have n t been denied ,tudent organization 
,talus. 111c admini,trJtion has always takt!n the posi tion thai 
the co-op, are student organizations accountable to all UCSD 
\ludents and ,hould not be considered the property of a small 
number of individuals. 

3. With proper over.;ight by all UCSD students. the co-ops 
C,Ul be both a valuable service and excellent learning experi-
ence for UC D studenL~. 

4. 'The adminbtration does 1101 believe eviction is in 
anyone's best intel\!St. 

S. 'There are obviously differences of opinion between the 
co-ops and the administration. 1lIOSe differences have not 
prevented either from holding discussions with the other to 
seek a resolution of the is.~ues. 

6. Whether or 1101 the A.S. is independent, the answer is 
definitely yes. 

'The co-ops under the control of the A.S. would be ideal 
because it would require the c<Hlps to be accountable to all 
UCSD tudents (through their elected repre.<entatives). 

none of the responses have been edited . . 

Groundwork 
Books 

I. The root of lhe problem has 
twO stems: money and control. 

ll1e co-op are expanding and 
redirecting revenue to students 

which would otherwise end up in the regent' bank 
account. Thi s is p"rticularly so with regard to textbooks 
and s upplie~, which gener.llt! otherwise guaranteed 
revenue for the regent, through their on-canlpus book-
,tore. With the budget cri:.b deepening, the administration 

~irnply doe, not want to sell it s products in a competitive 
marl..et. The control side is intimately related to the money 
side. It is becau~e the co-ops are student-run enterprises 
autonomous of the administration that they have been able 
to expand their sale~ and ervices to an annual tumover of 
$2.500.000. It is also because of autonomy that the co-ops 
have been able to legally defend themsel ves against 
monopolistic take-over to the tune of $70,000. THE 
ROOT OF THE PROBLEM, IN SHORT, IS THAT THE 
ADM INISTRA TIO WANTS TO MAXIMIZE THE 
PROFITS IT CAN MAKE FROM S11.JDENTS, A 
MAJOR OBSTACLE TO WHICH ARE EXPANDING 
STUDENT ENTERPRISES. But we also suspect political 
motives. The administmtion does not want a working 
e ample of an alternative 10 their own hierarchical mode 
of organization on campus. 

2. Because we are student-run organizations. we value 
greatly the concept of students wor1cing for the benefit of 
tudent ,and students working, learning and creating 

together in an environment free from the dictales of others. 
See BOOKS, Page 6 

Joanna Beam 
uc General Counsel 

JoonnG Belllll dec/illed Iv 
respolld ill prim: 1r(/\1'(' 1·('r . sIl l' 
agreed to OIlSII'('r lire Guardia,,' s 
qU(,SliOIlS {)I 'l'/' rlr(' pirone. The 

folloll'il/g is all edirr(/ ll'OlIscripl of ireI' I'rS/lOlIses. 
I. ~ issue is whether or not the propeny (meaning the 

assets) belongs to the university or the co-ops. The 
university has thought all these years that it belonged to 
the students. The co-ops thought it belonged to them. 
Because the university thought it belonged to the students. 
it gave a lot of breaks to the co-ops. 

But if this is not the case. there's no way the university 
should provide benefils or ·ub. idize the co-op ... there are 
other complicated legal issues .. , the agreements I between 
the Universi ty Center Board (UCB) and the co-ops] were 
disapproved by Vice Chancellor Watson. It is clear that 
the UCB is adviso')' . 

Our position is that the agreements are not valid ... the 
co-ops are invitees. It's like when someone is a guest at 
your house, and they stay and stay and stay. When 
Groundwork Books topped following the PPM , we no 
longer wanted them to stay. 

2. [The co-opsi haven ' t been denied student organiza-
tion status. 111ey have to let the university know by Oct. 
16. No one has said they're losing status. They are 
presently registered as student organizations, It 's part of a 
settlement that didn 't happen. We never did resolve this. 

J. 'The university has to have an answer one way or the 
other. We need sludent organizations that either follow 

See BEAM, Page 9 

Tllllrsllay, October 15, 1992 Th .. UCSD Guardian 

1be Questions 
For the admInistnItIon ••• 
1) In your mind, what is at the root of the controversy between the co-ops and the 
administration? 
2) What is the reason for denying the co-ops student organization status? 

The Guatdlan 
distributed 1.1. 

questionalres to 
the coops and 

selected 
administrators last 
Friday. Only seven 

responded. The 

3) How would you characterize the co-<>ps' importance to the student body? 
4) The administration has claimed that it is acting in the students' pest interest in 
this situation - how would evicting the co-ops be in that best interest? 
5) Would you say that there exists a spirit of antagonism in the relationship be~een 
the C<XlpS and the administration? If so, has it contributed to an unwillingness to 
negotiate on either side? 
6) Could a system like the one at U.C. Berkeley, where the co-ops would fall under 
control of an autonomous A.S. council, be implemented here at UCSD? 

Forthe~ ... 
following are the 
questions asked 
by the editorial 

board. 

1) In your mind, what is at the root of the controversy between the co-ops and the 
administration? 
2) Why is student organization status so important to the co-ops? 
3) How would you characterize the co-<>ps' importance to the student body? 
4) Would you say that there exists a spirit of antagonism in the relationship be-
tween the C<Xlps and the administration? If so, has it contributed to an unwilling-
ness to negotiate on either side? 
5) What should be done to resolve this situation? 

Lauren Padilla 
Representative, Food Co-op 

I. Basically, the aclministrJtion fails to rec-
ognize that the tudents of UCSO have the 
ability, determination and integrity to foster 

responsiblestudentorganiz.atioo;and~inesses, 
which serve the students of this campus. It is 

apparent just by noting the relationship between the co-ops and admini~· 
trJtion that the administration has become even more hostile, especially 
now with the pending eviction. 'The administration continues to claim its 
pursuirfor"student interests," but in reality it does not wam to acknowledge 
student businesses as opposed to UC-controlled businesses. 

What is even more distressing is the administration's refusal to work 
lI'irh the co-ops, not against them. The C<HlpS have agreed to many 
specifications, such as the issue ofliability. Within reasonable limits the co-
ops want to settle. We see it as the only way to settle disputes. 

On the other hand we will not be bought by them or give in to 
unreasonable demands such as giving them a "cut" of our sales. We are 
students, not students for administrative endeavor!>. The administmtion 
needs to a!so acknowledge thai they are trying to putdowntheirown student 
body; an exhaustive process thi has been; yet we feel strongly about our 
existence here at UCSD, as we make up a part of it. 

2. The c<HlpS are made up of mostly students: (presently all members 
are UCSD students <II the Food C(H)p) therefore it is only logical we be 
granted student organization tatus. It is self-evident we are here to offer 

See FOOD, Page 9 

ITom Tucker 
Assistant Vice Chancellor 
for Undergraduate Affairs 

1. The origin of the controver.;y is the 
issue of co-op SlaIUS. Under the current ar-
rangement, the uni versity must assume li -

ability and accountability for operations of the co-op, without oppor-
tunity for proper oversight. Situation such as a food poisoning 
incident at the Food Co-op. an injury to an underage patron at aChe 
Cafe event, violation of Internal Revenue Service regulations, and a 
recent Workers Compensation claim place the university in an unac-
ceptable position of liability without adequate oversight. 

On the accountability side, the recent audits have pointed out the 
absence of adequate record , lack of ound financial pmctice. loans to 
employees, deci ion making by non- tudents and violation of Internal 
Revenue Service regulations. 

2. Student organization status forretail operations is the basic issue. 
We register approximately 250 campus student organizations. Regis-
tration as a student organization should not be connected to authoriza-
tion to operate a retail establishment on the UCSD campus. Retail 
agreements shall be separate, protect the university and be in the best 
interest of all UCSD students. 

J, I think retail operations, managed by students, with sound 
financial practice. proper protection of the university from a liability 
standpoint and adequate peer oversight. are significant to UCSD 
campus life and very important to our campus. I have stated over and 
over again Ihal if the co-ops refuse 10 meet these cri teria, other studenl, 
not commercial operation , hould be assigned spaces currently occu-
pied by the co-ops. Sludent leaders would be asked 10 e tabli sh 
guidelines for this replacement process. 

See TUCKER, Page 7 

Che Cafe 
Collective 

I. The root of the controversy bctween th~ 
co·op and the admini~t ration is that ouroverJII 
goals theoretically do nor coincide with one 
another. The administration's goal, are obvi· 

ously for the profit of the schools. The process involves a particular 
hierarchy utilizing bureaucrJIic controls. The co-ops concentrate on the 
use of consensus decision.making and collectivity. Obviously an eco-
nom ic reality exists, but they attempt to give the students ahematives to 
the one provided by the university administrJtion. The root of this 
particular problem happens to be over student control of ~tudent fee-
funded facilities. 

2. Student organization status is important because without it. why 
would the administration allow aco-opacting as a "vendor" to ",lyon thi .. 
campus, especially if it wa n't significantly increasing the universi ty's 
monetary profit? Why would the administration want "alternative" 
competition? Without student organization status they can eliminate u~ . 

3, The co-ops are important notju t because they are alternative (in 
theory and in the products they offer) , but because they are a social 
education. It may be hell to go through collective or consensus decision-
making, but it i also empowering for every individual involved. The 
ideals are,culturally, acompletely different way of dealing with business; 
teaching awareness of actions as well as social biases. 

See CHE, Page 7 

General Store 
Co-op 

1. ECONOMIC: The continuing budget cri-
sis is leading campus administmtors to view 
srudent businesses as additional sources of rev-
enue. The contract vendors in Ihe "High" Price 

Center pay rents which are tied to their gross revenues; thus, competilion 
from the co-ops reduces the administration's ability to extract profits 
from the students, 

POLITICAL: UCSD was created, in large part, to suppl y technology 
and technicians tothe military and its private-sector subcontractors in the 
San Diego area. Since UCSD students have a long history of disputing the 
administrntion's view of UCSO's proper role in our society, the admin-
istration is constantly struggling to balance its need to maintain a liberal, 
open-campus atmosphere, attractive to the best scientists, with its need to 
teach discipline and maintain security on behalf of irs military. and 
corporate clientele. 

The co-ops provide UCSD students with the economic and polit ical 
means to develop and assert their own vision of ociety, in conflict wi th 
that ofUCSO's rulers. The administration's need to maintain at least the 
appearance of a democratic campus explains the fact that the co-ops have 
not yet been wiped out. 

2. Student organization status is imponant to the co-ops largely 
because of what it implies: that people have the legal and moral right, on 
or off campus, to organize themselves for their own mutual benefit, 
Presently, any four students can come together and fonn a registered 
tudent organization. The co-ops are prepared to defend this right. for 

themselves or for any and all other student group . 
The General Store is run by and for students. to make UCSD 

affordable and to educate students on how to run a successfu I business in 
See GENERAL, Page 7 

OPINION 5 

So What 
Happens 
Now? 
At present, there are three possible 
outcomes to the dispute between 
the coops and the administration. 

Possibility #1: The current negotia· 
tions between the adm inistration, the 
CO<>ps, the Associated Students 
(A.S.) and a slew of lawyers fail and 
the administration proceeds with the 
eviction process. 

In this case, the courts could rule 
that the co<>p leases expire on Oct. 
31, 1992. However, there is also the 
possibility that a judge might decide 
th leases expire on Oct. 31, 1993, 
Ie lVlng open the possibility for further 
negotiations. 

Possibility #2: The negotiations 
fail. but the co<>ps agree to the 
administration's previous demands. 
The co<>ps would agree to keep all 

accounts on-campus, and the 
administration would be able to 
intervene in the operation of the co-
ops. In this situation, the co<>ps 
would be recognized as outside 
vendors, with their lease agreements 
coming up for renewal every few 
years. At that time, any outside 
business could apply tor the space, 
with the possibility of outbidding the 
co<>ps. 

Possibility #3: The negotiations 
succeed with the current proposal -
the A.S. takes liability for the ac-
counting and bookkeeping proce-
dures, while the co<>ps assume 
liability for insuring the safety of their 
patrons. 

The Food Co<>p, for example, has 
already agreed to a $3 million 
insurance policy to cover this liability. 
The other co<>ps have similar 
arrangements, The agreement also 
recognizes the co<>ps as student 
organizations and allows them to 
have off-campus accounts. Mean-
while, the A.S. and the administration 
will work towards granting the A.S. 

GraDl1ic IlY Re~ Bruckner 
Reported by FranciSCO DeVries and Philip Michaels 



601)INION Tilt' C'O Guardian 

Chris Burnett The co-op ; truggle has brought into light some ;erious contradictions be-
tween the admini;trBtion and the stu-
dent goveman e board at UCSD. 
The administration is claiming total 
control of our facilities. monies and 
programs while the A.S .. GSA and 
UCB are being ignored. In fact, back 
in May, Vice Chancellor of Under· 
graduate Affairs WaMn refused to 
negotiate with the co-op 0 I ng a, I 
remained in the room repre;eming 
myself as UCB Chair. 

Chair, University Center Board 
1. po-

LITICAL 
- In hon, 

th i~ is pri -
marilyapo-

lilical baltle daling back 20 years that 
b t'uITCnll> being disguised a; "bu · 
reaucrauc concem~" by the admini~· 
tralion . The primary bsue i~ Mudenl 
rontrol oversrudeOl se lf-a.'i..'>C~ fCC!>, 

ladlilie~ and program;. The co-op~ 

B 0 
Continued from page 4 
MOrtl l ntciall). wlthoul studenl or-
~imlL.aIlOn \Iatu ~ we have no long 
lI!ml ~ecumy oncampu .... 11 \\t: we re 
l'I)l1lrJct \'e l1dor~. Ihe adll1ll11"ra-
lion hlUld ~ 1 r.1pl) dedll1' to renel' 
our lea,e" llr could put our 'pace 
OUI I,) hlu to Cr wn 13001- , or 
Ikxll"t,I'. \, ~tudentorgan l7~lI lon ~. 
til' ".1111111 , 1 .. 1l10n cannol PU I our 
'pace, "lit III blo 

• 1. hom the IX'NJo:CII \1: of 111(1,t 
.... udt'nh, our IInponance Ite~ in the 
d leaflprO<1l1Ch ilnd 'clv lce, \I eI'm 

are the only student organization; 
Mrong enough to defend Ihem~lves 
becau e of their financial autonomy. 
Nootherstudent organization on cam· 
pu . including all three goveman e 
board .. (UCB. A.S .. GSA) are ca· 
pableof defending thcm~lve; legally 
10 protect their rights and respon;i· 
bilities. In Ihis ;ense.the co-ops are a 
threal 10 absolute bureaucratic con-
trol al UCSD by the administration. 

vide. From Ihe perspectiveofalarge 
number of student,. our Imponance 
lie, m the eJ-ample of what \tudent~ 
are capable of when gl\ en the op 
pllnumty to he aUlonomou,. FOI 
Groundwork Book ... Collecllve.lt 1', 

thl\e"ampleoL and oppl.lnunll~ tor 
.,elf government that make, the ro-
up" a valuJhle re\OUI,e for .. tudcnt , 
at UCSD. 

4, Ye\. hccau"l: the admim,tr.t· 
11llll ha;e"hlbllcd prol ngcd h '>11 1-
II) toward us Yes. but II I' Ihl.' 
admm"'tr.J1 1l11l "'til) are um' tllmg III 
negollate 

\l'ilah' "1,,,, \ , re,:o~' llllcd Ihat 

ANA ClAL - TIle co-ops have 
made it clear that they wi ll correct any 

we have no option but to negotiate. 
TIle admimstrallon ha; much greater 
resources at it; dispo;al to engage in 
an all ut battle. 

We will run out of money ti~t. 
we will suffer from stre,., as our 
vel) e IMenct: I, at ' lake. and our 
academ iC endeavors ",ill continue 
to ,uffer until,ettlement I' reached. 
ThU.,. whatever I u have to say J 
about the pre,ence of antagonism, 
unle ... , we ne~otmte we run Ihe nsk 
of 10,lI1g t:verylhm!!. 

But the admlmstr.1l10n ha.. ... noth-
IIlg to lo;e and everythlllg 10 gain. 
Add 10 Ih is Ihelr:lUlhomanan mdlg. 

loin Peace Corps .. 

GLOBALIZE YOUR 
Peace Corps R eps on am pu 

financial di;crepancies that the audit; 
may display. In fa t,~theL.A. Times 
reponed, the audit cleared the co-or; 
of any wrongdoing, but that teps 
could be taken to improve the pro-
ces . However. Ihe admini tration 
insisted Ihat their leases be termi-
natedandtheir tatu revokede enon 
the guarantee that the co-ops would 
cover all liability. provide monthly 
financial Information and a cept an 
increa;e in rent charges. ) would ar-
gue that thl; reveals somt: of the po. 
litical mOli ves a; outlined above. 

The co-op; are competitive and 

nation thai students would even dare 
to quesllon their clai m 10 reign ;u-
preme. and one can lIee why the 
administrJtion is unwilling 10 nego-
tiate. 

On the other hand. our willing-
ne~s to nt:gotiate i ... evidenced by Ihe 
11M of concessions we have made. 
Finally.theadmlm tr.lllonha;plenty 
ofHme 10 spend on this confli ct. we 
would mu h prefer to be an,wering 
yue'lIon .. related to our .,tudle ... 

5, TIle co-op ... hal'c uRrcl'd to 
,allsf) admlmstrallve concerns :L' 
regard,> habtl m accoul1lnbillty and 
operallllg CO'h . Tne admini ';(I':llion 

RESUME ! 
Oct. 21 & 22 

Thllrsday. O,·tol"'I· l:l . 19<)'1 

cheap. Competition re;ulls in 10;; 01 
revenue to the university-run bu;i· 

ne~s. Funhermore. the ;paces Ihe)' 
occupy could feallibly provide cl~ 
to $~.OOO.OOO in revenue for the uni-
ver; ity by: I) rai<.ing renb to outside 
contrac i vendor ' (such a~ 
McDonald' s) compared to what the 
co-op; pay to :tid in debt ;ervice pay-
ments on the butldmgs and 2) taking a 
percentage of gross revenue from 
out,ide vendor~ . In fa.:t. thi, b what 
Joanna Beam. representing the reo 
gents. say;: 'The campu, will no" 

See BURNETT, PagE;! 7 

hould: acknowledge that the auditll 
cleared u; of illegal activity and 
that. though improvements could 
be made. our PrJct ices compare 
more than favorably withothercam· 
pu., audits: CClISt' Ihe anempts to 
depn ve 11', ot our student organiza· 
lion ,lUlU.,: /"('('oglll:l' the right of the 
UCB to approve le;lses for space in 
'tutient lee-Iunded fac ilities and R:.-
ogmze the \ "hdity of our l ea.'\e~ 
with the UCB (whICh vOled unan i 
mousl)' Ilast I Mondav thm they are 
valid 1: and fi nalh. /'i'.mlll/the l'\'I~­
lion n !Ices ana entcllIlto meanlllg-
ful and good faith negollatlon;. 

Information Booth : Wednesday & Thursday, 9 am - I :30 pm 
Pnce CenJer 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I , 
I 
I 
I 
I 

SD('c ial S('minilrs 
Meet .. ith J{('turned \ olunleer, 

Wed .. Oct. ~ I. 2 pill - ... pm 
Cnreer ~crvl ce" Center. Confcn.: nce R rn 

Op portunilie. in Health & Education 
Thur~. , Oct. 22, 2 pm - 4 pm 

Career ervice. Center, C nfercn e R om 

SE lOR .. : APPLY OW! 

Interviews 

Mon. and Tues, 
ov. 9 & 10 

Career ~crvices Center 

• 

8.5 X 11· 20Iwhite 
autofeed or seH serve 

wiIh this coupon 

hll nHlrl' InlonliallOIl . .:nnla t your Career ~~n'll'l'S Center. or callthc Los Angeks Recruiting Office at ( oo)~n~·OoIl I, ext. 110. 

VISTA Volunteers share the vision of a better 
tomorrow by making a contribution in the 
community today, Brighter futures take shape 
when VISTA Volunteers m obilize and develop 
community resources to address the many faces 
of poverty. 

efforts, creating networks to support literacy 
projects, or designing programs to combat 
substance abuse. 

In addition to acquiring valuable and rewarding 
experience, VISTA Volunteers may receive 
defennentorpartial cancellation of certain student 
loans. V ISTA Volunteers receive a livin g 
allowance based on the economic level of the 
communities they serve. 

Afte r Our college career is completed, VISTA 
offers you the opportunit to put your education 
to work in realistic settings. VISTA Volunteers 
learn life skills - skills only a year of unique 
VISTA experience can prOVide. 

VISTA Volunteers are assigned to project 
sponsors which may be private or public non-

BE A VISTA VOLUNTEER 
As you look toward graduation, consider 

becoming a VISTA Volunteer. VISTA offers 
you the opportunity to shape a commun ity and 
share a vision of a beller tomorrow. 

profit organizations. Volunteer activities may include, 
but are not limited to, organizing food distribution 

Volut*l,. In StIYIca III AmericI 
r.mA) Is PIlI of ACTION, the Federlli Domestic 

VoIunIIer AQtncy, Wahlnglon, D.C. 20525 

For mo re infonnation on becoming a VISTA Volunteer, 
please call: 1$-424-8867 (fDD l-202-606-5256). 

Th llr sduy, ·tob'-f IS, 1992 

TUCKER 
Continued from page 5 

4, See que tion #6. 
S. From theadministration[ 'sl per· 
~pecti ve. (would say the proper word 
i. frustrallon. not antagonism. Offers 
of inde~ndent contract . latus. with a 
",weethean financial deal." campus 
, tatussimllar toASUCSDoperations 
(Grove Cat fe, Lecture otes. Soft 
Reserves) and an increased role for 
AS CSD have all been rejected by 
the co-op . (hope the co-op' flourish. 
but sound financial practice, account-
ability. peer oversight and adequate 
protection of the university from un· 
acceptable liability are fundamental 
requirements. 

6, I believe my correspondence to 
I A. S.I Pres ident rMike J Holmes. dated 
Oct. 9. 1992 best represents my re-
sponses 10 #4 and #6. 
Dear President Holmes: 

On the front page of the Thursday. 
Oct. 8. I 992Gl/ardiall.youarequoted: 

BURNETT 
Continued from page 6 
begin di~cussions with student lead· 
l'~ on how best to allocate the space to 
new student retail operations or olher 
u,es I hat benefit tudents." Where are 
all these ~tudent leaders that have 
advocated such a stance? 

2. Primarily. the co·ops exiM for 
,tudenb and student nghts. They 
,houl<1 have thl~ sutu. Without que~­
tion. ('ontract v~ndllr'. however. are 
assumed to be here for the pUrp<l,e of 
making J profit. Student organila-
11 0 m, are hen: simply hc.-cau,c thc) 
have a right to freedom of a;~ociation 
as tuder,h. 

More impol1antly. student organ i-
zation status provldc., cenain privi-

GENERAL 
Continued from page 5 
a cooperative environment. Contract 
ve ndors are presumed to exbt in or-
der to cxtract profit from a captive 
student market, and henct! are tightly 
regulated by the university as to hours 
of operation. products. prices. etc .... 

3. The co-op IXonomically pro-
vide students with needed products. 
education in workplace democracy 
and business kills and. most impor-

" CRE 
Continued from page 5 

Also, the campus ' other"vendors" 
and businesse; do not provide the 
same information at comparable 
prices. 

4. There is definitely antagonism 
between the co-ops and the adminis-
tration. How can there not be when 
we know that their ultimate goal is the 
elimination of our existence? We are 
not pan of their agenda. This defi -
nitely interferes with negotiations 
beeause there is a precedence of the 
administration going back on their 
word to achieve this agenda. It is 
difficu ltto beopen-mincled whendeal-
ing with a group that has blatantly 
been aggre ive and con tantly at-
tempts to crew us over in the ftrst 
place. 

s. The resolving of the situation is 
mass student empowerment. 

There needs to be unity among 
tudents so that they can politically 

take charge of the administration ' 
actions and economically take charge 
of where their money is being allo-
cated. 

Read the G...,.., .. . 
You'll be the better for It. 

"Students run. manage and suppon 
the faci lities, yet are being threatened 
wilh the loss of control. ·' Stephaan 
Harris. GIIIJrlliall reponer. also indi -
cates that you said that the'· .S. has 
a duty to protect the co-op' from the 
loss of internal ontrol." 

Your !>Iatements and earlier me. -
sages contained in yo ur "Open Letter 
tothe Univers ity of California." dated 
June 19. 1992. are clear. The admin-
istration should not assume any over-
sight responsibility for co-op retail 
operations. Such re ponsibilities 
should be left to the ASUCSD. Al-
though we have attempted to w rk 
close ly with you to seek resolutions 
that are in the best interests of all 
studem . yourstatement in the Guard-
ian accuses the administration of in-
appropriate effon to control the co-
ops. 

Because Ihe adminbtration doe. 
believe that the ASUCSD should rep-
resent the interest of all students. I am 
writing to propo e that AS CSD as-

leges and rights; namely I) Ihe right to 
hire an attorney to sue Ihe regents. 2) 
monetary and capi tal improvement 

benefi t ~ as designaled by the UC B. 
GSA and A.S. ( a~ provided to all 
othcr student organiL:ltion" on cam-
pus and in accordancl' \llth tht: hl\' 
torical relationship betwcen the L'( B 
and the co-op, l. J) open melll~ 1 ,h ip 
to all ~Iudents. pl;lcing the l·l)·l'p" on 
equal grounds wilh their (1o:cr,. -l) 
.Iece s to room, (In CiIIl1 PU,>.1I no emt 
for the purpo'c of progr;lmlliing 
event" etc. 

If liability 1\ tin: u lt ill1al~ i ,ue, 
evclyonc should wond..:r \\h)' Ihe 
Soaring c1ub(hangglide r-..clc. ). a , IU 
dent organizalion \"ith diverse l11 t!m 
bership. has lessofa liahililyco,1 than 
the co·ops? 

tantl) . the dignily \\ hich '1lI1\C~ fmlll 
running our own li\es. We ilrc pre,,-
ently the only campti'> organiwtiom, 
with real capacity to a.~elt ~tudcnts' 
rights to self-detenninatioll. 

4. "Spirit of antagonism'?"' What 
are yo u tal king about '? The 
administration \ police broke II1to the 
Genera I Store Jan. 15 to how us ho\' 
much they love us. Ten years of ad -
ministration harra;sment of the co-
ops have definitely lead us to develop 
certain ideas concerning the 

T h., UCSD Gllurdiull 

sume liability and accountability for 
all aspects of the co-ops (General 
Store. Groundwork Book . Che Cafe 
and Food Co-op). SUCSD would 
protect the welfare and 100 after the 
best interesl of UCSD students. All 
financ ial and operat ional arrange-
ments would be established and en-
forced by ASUCSD. 

An annunl resolution. approved 
by the ASUCSD Council. staling that 
the co·ops are operating in Ihe best 
intere t. of all students and that the 
ASUCSDas urnes accountability and 
liability for opemtions of the co- ps 
will result in an exception to campus 
student organization policies and the 
annual granting of student organiza-
tion tatu to co-ops. 

After I receive your corre pon-
dence accepting thi proposal, I will 
immediately instruct AdvisorlRandy I 
Woodard to work with you and the 
ASUCSD Counci l to implemenl 
promptly these proposed arrange-
ment. 

J . • They provide cheap gO()(J... and 
~rvices to the UCSD siudent body . 

• Providc hands on Iraining III run-
mn. bu,ines~ in the spirit of cooper.t-
lion to te.leh other ,tud.:nts. 

• Open membersh ip to all UC 0 
~tud~nl .lnti ,llul11l11 In I1rganlli'lIon, 
that lO,t~, dt:ci~ion, tlcll1tl\T;IIK,tll" 
in a lUll hierJrchical ~II\ IflllIIllt'nt III 
learn about worl-place dCIIlrK LI'). 
'TI1l' U)-OP' put people I~h)rl' profil 

· nlC co-ops prOVide II) allll" -
'rhl'r e ,t l (,SO Ihal IS l'\lIl'Ill,·" 
11111011 .. I I ('iD. in Ihe ,late ,lI)d tlit' 
':"llI1lr~ . 

• ThC) provide a sou rce of m'p,ra 
lion by defending Iheirright s il\ [txllh I 
,lUdcnt~ and siudent organ i/ullolh 
who are ft-d up with Ihc oftcn c\ pen 

See BURNETT, Page 10 

administration's IIlten tion'>, and gleat 
caution in dealing wilh them. but not 
an unwillingness to negotiate. We 
continue to believe that negoliations 
olTt:r our best hope of peaceful coex-
i,tcm.:c. 

S. The ,o-ops and administr:llion 
should negotiate a one-year truce in 
order to develop current proposab for 
student govemment autonomy. TIle 
co-ops could then negotiate their rela-

l ion~hip with the autonomous student 
government. 

USE TIlE 
UCSD THEATRE C ARD 

AND SAVE $10! 
With the purchase of a UCSD Theatre Card for 
$20, you can get 5 ticke ts to any Department of 
T heatre season production o r event and save up 
to $2 per ticket. Productions incl ude: 

ROMEO AND JULIET LARGO DESOLATO OlITSIDEDOWN 
by William Shakespeare by Vaclav Havel by Stuart OsLfe\d 
STATEMEI'rrS AFTER AN ARREST UNDER THE IMMORALITY ACr 
by Athol Fugard 

A vailable at the Mandell Weiss T heatre Box Office 
call 534-4.574 to charge-by-phone 

___ fr::~ln. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

__ ~~~ro!!~~~~y* 
-w. .......... . $20 minimum purchue • within 5 mile radius or campus 
WOtIdww.-

up.. If.V2tWl 

Noc.valld With 
M1 other offer 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD lD 

41.S545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (i n the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 anl-8 pm 

OPINION 7 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Ex lended Soft Lenses 
B&L Sofl Spin B&L IlI4 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard Baby blue, hazel & 
Paraperm 02 emerald. green 

• Prof ••• lona' S.rvlc. 
• Quality Ey.ca,. 
• R.a.onabl. Prlc • • 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

55!!5 Claircmonl Mc'a Blvd . 

$1 Beer 
Happy Hours 

M-Th, 4-6 p,m, 

393!l Adams Avc. 

Free 
Appetizers 

$2 Featured 
Pints on 

Weekends 

1157 Columbia St. (al "B") Dem"h"," 
234-BRE\V (27~9) . OPE;\; DAILY 

, AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR 

7OM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively 'NIl and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
---------------------

: 20% DISCOUNT : 
I Must present coupon and volld UCSD lOot time ot eSlrnOle. I I Nol valid wtlh major engine 0< tronsmlSSIOO repa,,! I 
I Wilhthlsod ' Expires 10129192 I 

! [1 1450=9494IJIe ! 
' 1110.0"f'! U"'l'lC1 

I IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS W ITH VWS OR AUDIS, I 
I ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T I 
I DISCOVERED US YET. ASK Us FOR RE FERENCES. I 
I I I 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNTTIRE I 

L-----3t-~- ----~ 



B NEWS 

ROTC: Program 
is cancelled starting 
next year 
Continued from page 1 
by ending lhe Cf'O',.,town agreemenl 

"Any univer.ityloday specifically 
offer.. diversity a~ one of its strong 
points and the military is pan of that," 
he :.aid. 

AccordingtoLove,about 15UCSO 
~ludenlS graduale each year from the 
Rar progmm. 

The Naval ROTC progmm offers 
scholarships and a guar.mteed com-
mi ion inlO the military after gradua-
tion, in return for at leaS( six year.; of 
active service. 

ROTC ~tudenlS take cla'iSCS on 
naval hi,1 ry, engineering, navigation 

and leadership before gradual ion. 
Currently there is a "university-

wide policy thai rudent~ be pennined 
10 panicipale in [ROTC] progrnms." 
said Smith. UC Santa Barbam and UC 
Berkeley both have ROTC progrnm~ 
on their campuses. 

According 10 Smith, if a student 
peritions 10 take ROfC,theCEPwould 
work to c.J1ange UC policy on ROTC. 

Irons said that he wi ll also petition 
10 have the y tern wide policy 
amended. 

"CEP would support a change in 
the relevant UC ystem-wide policy if 
need be," state the m inules from the 
meeting. 

"NOIhing's pennancnl at the uni-
vClSity, but I don't think there's a 
broaddemand forit here," said Kernell. 

Tht' UC 0 Guardian 

CO-OPS: 
Negotiations to give 
A.S.over ightbegin 
Continued from page 1 
most likely [goingl to grant Ihal re-
que ' l.·' 

The co-op would have fulliiabil-
ity and re ponsibility for injury or 
damage 10 palron , bul liability for 
a counlingprocedures wouldbecov-
ered by lhe A.S., Holme said. 

"What the A.S. has to do i have 
oversighl and accountability, and we 
would be able to ask for audit and 
things Iik.e that. and make Ute that 
thing are working in the best inter-
est of the students." he said. 

But. according 10 Jeff Corben of 
Groundwork Book , Ihe co-op also 

have concems. 
''To me, Ihe A.S. and the univcr-

ity are one and the same. There ha.l, 10 
be aUlonomy forthe A.S .. becau. e Ihe 

univer~ity ha!> a lot of politi al conlrol 
over Ihe A.S. nd we ~till have 10 
consider the UCB becau~ \\ e have 
had a hi lOry wilh them. BUI I Ihink 
we are possibly on a way to ~ellle­
menl." he said. 

But Holme i optimi~lic, believ-
ing thaI the A.S. respon ibilities will 
help keep the co-op on campu . 

"We said ... all along if it meant 
the A.S. had to tep inlo do this, Ihen 
we would do il. I don 'l think Ithe 
admini trationl wants 10 be in-
volved ... Ihey are tired of dealing 
with il .... Let's have siudents deal 
wilh siudent ," Holmes sa id. 

COLUMBUS: 
~~hJ\ prote t 
anruver ary 
Continued from page 1 
Smith. -rudentactivityc :ru111..uor.cillkcl 
the event a lime for mourning JnJ unJer-
stJnding. 

"Columbu, i, not a mJJ1 to be el-
ebr.ued in my eyes and in the e~ of 
other indigenou., people. He set in m0-
tion yean. of g ide:' Nlid Smith. 
who is pan Mu.-,logec Indian. 

The rally Wa!> highlighted by severJl 
danc~ from the J}.II1Z..,\ Oceollotl-Aztec 

DancePerformersanda~lide>how about 
Native American culture. 

Following the rally apPI'O"imately 
30 srudents carried lhecardboard coRirt, 
to the Price Center fora candlelight vigil. 

BEING-FIT® GISTERED UNDERGIlADSAND POSTOOC'S 
At only $20 • month with no 

contract, you c.n't gel a 
bener bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
• WIth lhis aCI on.r .lIpires 10129192 

• AEAOIIICS • Ll'ECYClES 
• FREE W£IGtfTS • RE£BOK STEPS 
• STAllllASTERS • CL£AN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAUTIlUS • PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 

• 4 .. lES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards, behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also localed near SDSU (698-1702) 

"COVER YOUR BOD" 
WITH 

SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 
INSURANCE 

Student Premium - $159.00 
Spouse - $263.10 
Children - $179.00 

(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center • 0039 • 534-2123 

HP Calculators fOI~ Business and Fillance 
HP17BII 
Financial Calculator 
Delivers more for finance and real 
es tate than any other calculator in it 
class. 

HPltJB 
Business Calculator 
The be t Bu iness calculator for 
under 550 

HP14B 
Business Calculator 
Fast answers for everyday calcuJa-
lions for business. 

HP19BII 
Business Consultant II 
The premier financial calcula tor -including 
time-saving tools for daily organization. 
· 450 functions 
· Information management 
· Menus and Softkeys 
· HP Slovc 
· Graphic available at: 

computer Be LIeSE) UOOKSTO~ 
r~~ HEWLETT 

a:~ PACKARD 
electron~cs dept. 

5344320 

Thllr~.llI~ . l kwlH'r I.i . 19')2 Thl' C D Cuarlliatl OPI ION () 
------

VOOD 
Continued from paCe 5 
..em e~ 10 [he srudents. The co-op'~ 
ob~ti \ es are fOr the members to be· 
l ,)In' ro.ponsible citizens of the com· 
munlly.notonly while weare at UCSD. 
bul when we leave it. 

We had a core memben~ho u!>Cd 10 
be a ~udent and because of the fee 
increases of '9 1-'92 WID. nO! able 10 
ontinue at UCSD. He was [al] the very 
Iea.~ a m~ valuable member of the 0-
op. We were not going 10 lei our co-
worker go because he could no longer 
be a student. Instead we colleclivel~ 
decided he should still \,ark with us. 

This i the spirit of our collecti ve:,; 
unfOl1Unately, the adminiSlr.ltion will 
says it's a matter ofliability. They know 
very weU the co-ops have agreed to 
providlngliabilityandworkman'scom· 
pensation at their cost. In conclusion. 
lhe students come frrst for the co-ops. 
[andl it i only narural that student·run 
businesses on campus, serving the cam-
pus. be given their rightful student sta-
tu . To deny it would be OUtrighl abuse 
on the adminisuation 's part. 

3_ The co-ops have become a place 
for the student community to not only 
purchase books, supplies and food prod-
ucts, but la place where students] are 
also invited lobecomeaclively involved 
in the cooporatives. Students not only 
havetheopportunitytoexpenencework-
ing collectively but also can become 
more aware on a variety of lopic~ in-
cluding the environment to pol ilical i~­
sues. This experience i valuable when 
working outside of UCSD, as it only 
serves to strengthen our other kills. 

4. To say that a hostile relationship 
does not exist would be lying. Thre:uen-
ing to close [the] co-ops, such as in 
December and January . only serves as a 
remlnderofthe administration's pursuit 
of ridding the co-ops [from the] cam-
pus.In the very least, it should be stated 
that thoughtful dialogue is more pro-
ductive than senseless physical force. 

5_ Communication and a willing-
ness for the administration 10 realize 
that. indeed. student-run businesses and 
organizations such as the co-ops can 
and should exist for the students. If 
action is not taken now by the commu-
nity of UCSD to voice concerns and if 
the administration is unwilling to hear, 
the co-ops will be a once-was. 

BEAM 
ContInued from page 4 
policies and procedures or decide to 
be autonomous. We've always 
thought the property belongs to stu-
dents as a whole. That 's why we've 
been providing insurance. We can 'I 
do that when non-students are in-
volved .... We need to move along 
with Ihis. We offered them a busi-
ness deal . They need toeitheraccept 
this or rejeet it. 

4. [ wouldn' t use the word an-
tagonism. I would say ~here are very 
trong feelings on either side. Each 

side believes Ihey are enlirely cor-
reet. That's made it hard to negoti-
ate. 

5. Ms. Beam was /lot asked this 
questioll. 

6, Legally, it could be done. But 
in order for it to happen, the A.S. 
would have to assume liability and 
tomyunderstanding, theydon'twant 
to do that. 

'The GuordiOIl welcomes your lelfers 
and commentaries. Drop your ubmission 
at our orfice on the second noor of the old 
Student Center, or mail it to: 

OpinIon Editor 
GIIlU'IIiIut 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JolII, CA 92092-0316 

A1lsubmi ions should be typed. double-
spaced. and musl include a name and phone 
number 

LAB RESEARCH UCSD 
FUN DAYS !j ~!!I~~'::d' 

procuring Intestinal ti ue 
samples and preparing for 
basIC' scIence research. Wtll 
maintaIn compuler data base 
with relevant clinIcal Infor· 
mallon. This position Is Full 
Time but the hours may vary . 

~ A , i¥, '.~." II FLAG~ 
. Gle MOUNTl 

,. ,_ 1_ OCT. 17, 18,24,25,31 , 
NOV. 1, 7,8, 9, 14, 15, 21, 22, 26-29 

Knowledge of basic labora-
lOry procedures. com pUler 
slellls. and knowledge of tech-
ntques to Isolate cells from 
the tissues required. Must 
be able to retrieve samples 
frau varIous departments In 
an 'xpedUlous manner. 
Plea' e submit resume to 
Noreen Brown or call for an 
application at (310) 855·5504. 

i rn CEDARS-SI~AI 
MEDICAL CEI'\TER 

8700 Beverly Blvd. 
Brown BuildIng 

Los An~eles. Ca 90048 
AA/EOE 

SAVE 
$11.50 

PER GEN. USE TICKET 

SAN FRANCISCO·S 

PARK OPENS AT 10 A.M. 
located 25 minutes north of Hollywood off 1·5 

SAVE 
OVER 

~5°/o ! 
ON GEN . USE TICKETS 

FOR DISCOUNT TICKETS 
OR INFORMATION CONTACT: 

UCSD BOX OFFICE 
PRICE CENTER 
(619) 534-6467 

.' .... . . ,. .. .. 
. ..... ,. 

•

4 
•• . '1HE GREATEST LlITLE • 

• SHOW ON EARTH!" . .., - ' 

• 

• 

•• • • • 
• • 

At. • 

OCTOBER 20 
TUESDAY • 7PM 

MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM 

G.A. $14/1& e SlS10/12 
UCSD Box Office 

534-6467 
~;:..-. 

.- -'::"-:;'::::; .. ::=':' = :.!..:" -
61.~~.~" :.!IX. 

~ pr ••• nted by, , UCSD UNiVeRSITY .. .. EVENTS O FFIC[ 
Th .. ~~~~. ~~r.rA:t:dC:u~~~ 

Race and Justice 
in America 

Derrick A. Bell, Jr. 
Visiting Professor of Law 
New York University School of Law 
Friday, October 16, 7 p.m. 
Auditorium, Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacific Studies 

Glenn C. Loury 
Professor of Economics 

Boston University 
Thursday, October 22, 7 p.m. 

Garren Auditorium, Room II 05 
Basic Science Building 

Two prominent experts with different poinLS of view discuss social inequality, equal 
opportunities and the role of government and individuals in addressing these issues. 

A Free Public Lecture Series 
presented under the auspices of third College 

For information. call 534-3400. 



to OPINION 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20 
11 AM - 2 PM 

CAREER SERVICES CENTER 
PLAZA 

Meet with admissions representatives 
from academic, MBA, and health 
professions programs from around the 
country. 

po~ored by: Career Service.~, Office ()f Graduate Sludies 
;md Research, and School of Medicine/Spocial Adml~sions . 

'" 
I f I , I 

I " I 

I" . 
If 4 t. I, It t 

" '1 r, It , I 

· "" "" I, . i 
" 'I, 

-t I I , 
" 

I t I " 

The C D Guunliafl 

Live and Study in Spain 
Madrid/Salamanca 

ew York Uni er ity in pain offers an ideal way to rna ter 
the panis h language and experience Hi panic culture in 
Madrid or alamanca. Courses conduaed in panish. 

UnderJvaduate Dtvtsloo: Open to pani h majors and 
qualified ludents in all fields . Course in language, litera-
ture, civilization, panish politic , cultural anthropology, 
sociology, fine ans, music, and cinema. Full academic 
accreditation. 

Graduate DtvIsloo: Two programs-M.A. in literature and 
M.A. in Hispanic civilization, plus courses applicable 
toward the Ph.D. degree. 

A limited version of the 
above programs is offered 
in alamanca. 

For more information, call 
(212) 998·8760 or mail th 
anached coupon. 

-------------------------------NewYortl~ 
Inst-ln 
Facully 01 Artt and Sdr:ott 
19 t1ni>ermv Pia 
i{(Xlfn 409 
"'ev. YOlk '" Y I 3 

PI""se ..,nd me more infonnat,on about 
ew York Universtly in Madnd or alamanCl 

nderllraduate Madnd o r I:) alam.,"(·a 
M A Madnd o r I:) Salamanca 

Q Ph D 

I , 
I , 
I 
I 

nn professor 
'ialvador ManU1e7 "'Jme I I <ldrt < _ I 
~ \l. "Orlil " n l\ rnny I ,m (It SI.Jtt: /lp (.ode I I ",IIITtnAII\>("'" hnn ('(Itul I nJlrnnunll~' m\IIIUllnn ~ ~l ,""u. -- I L _________________________ _ _ ~!~ ~~ 

r-
) r Actuarial 

Interns n' Ju t 
Crunch Numbers. 
\1 Transamcric:t Life C()!llpanie~ ()ur fllllll t 1\ ill 
Ihe hand: and Illintl~ or (Jur alluar i l'~ . 
...,(). we offer an imen:1\ e "'ummer I ll lt'r1bl1 ill 
Program I hal Irains you 10 de\ ell Jp, prIce :lIld 
markel llnanml t'curiry producl. .... and (() anal~-le 
Iht' IInancial results. Our program inL'iude ': 

.. Hand. on work eXl eril'I1Cl' 

.. . lair led seminar. 

.. .'lUd\' rime !ilr aCluaflal exal"'" 

.. Exam reimbursements 
.. Recognilion reception 

If you're a sel~moti\'aled 3chie\·er. in pired by 
innovalion :mJ excellence, vOll'll lind [h 
challenge~ re\varding at Transamerica Life 
Companie ' 

Actuarial ummer Intern hip Program. 
Information and Refreshments 
on campus. 

DATE: October 19th, 1992 
TIME: 2pm [04pm 
LOCA TION: Career Services Center 

Rooms lO3/ 104 

, TRA~~A~IERICA 
IliFf COMPANIES 
\\orking tog ther is the ~t policy: 
\\ " Jg)(f'·"" dl 'tlppon ' \ 1\1.11 \ nil >!1t1Il1l) JI1\1 JlfinllJlI1 ~ ,'lO ll Ml 
\\ '~ll,'n JI1\1 mUlontle-. Jfe ~fl~lgh C!l,our.lgt\II,'Jpph 

Thllr~day . O.·ruh.·" \.) . 1\)92 

BURNE1T 
Continued from page 7 
cnred inhuman Ireatlllent b. Ihe .Id· 
mini\(ralion and (he bureJucracy JI 
UCS D. 

~. Ye\. The un",illingm:" \\.1' 
delinllely demon\tr.lled when the ad· 

mlnl~a(Jon brol..e Into Ihc Gener.I1 
Store Co-op and then had police oc-
cupy the ~tore on Jan. 15, 199:!. For-
IUnalely, negotialion, didn't end at 
Ihe tip of a police balOn. So. I would 
\:1 y that the co-op~ h;1 e beeR a bit 
cautious. bul not unwilling. 

For their very survi val. the co-ops 
ha ve 10 be cautious. 

5. Most imponanlly. the studem 
governance boards need to obtai~ in-
dependent legal council to obtain re-
lief concerning their slatus al UCSD. 
The UCB has been given a mandaI;: 
by UCSD studems last spring to ob-
tain independent legal council to de· 
termine its conlrol over Mudenl self-
assessed fees, facililie,and programs. 
A II srudent governance boards should 
unile for an autonomous "sludent 
unIon." The real i~suc here is ~Iudenl 
control and ove~ight. 

The ("o-or' ,hould carefu Ily con-
sider the reiation\hip they wam with 
both the admllll str,lIion and the ~tu· 
d~llt governancc board~. A five year 
lea,.: with thc ucn and the A.S. where 
l I e C;III negotiate the tenm -.eems 
rbll'lbt.: ", long J' there (xi'IS au-
lon"IllY t\1 ,III the bo;tnl, prior to ,lI1y 
,igllcd ICJ'c. 

,\/ r. BIII'I/,·{( ,If.lorh".\(' /0 respolld 
{, <11/1'.Hilill 1.\./10.\ (·J /() /II L' <JJI/Jilli.~· 
Ifll/ IOII . 

TIle Uni"en.ity Cenler Board h'l\ 
hi toric;tllybeenre,pon.,ible forall~pace 
allocations within the Univer..ity Cen-
te!'. ;tf1(1 workedcl~ly \I ith the fonna· 
li()n of the C<H>PS over Ih 16 year hi.,· 
lOry. All ' p.lCe allocation, withilllhe-.e 
faci Illics arc made by the tx ·1IT1ba...ed01l 
~p:tce allO<:ltl ion tnleria and the merit~ 
ot il given propo:.al.llle UCB isrespon· 
sible for a $3,000,000 budget and 
S2.00J,<XX) in a reserve fund. This 
money originmes from the $37.50 per 
qU:U1er student fee known as the ··Uni· 
versity Center fee ." However, Joe 
WaMn ha~ claimed complelo! signa· 
tory power over Ihi~ stucknt self·im· 
posed fee. Concerning the hio,(ory of 
whal is now called Ihe Universiry Cen· 
ter fee . the regenls item dilled Sept 18, 
1969 states: 

In I 968. the San DiegoStudentCen. 
ter Comm ihee, an advisory body to the 
Associated SlIIdents. urged that a refer-
endum be held on the campus in which 
gmduale and undergraduate students 
would v(){e on a self· imposed fee 10 
finance the construction of the first of 
Ihree proposed Ciulller Studem Centers. 
The referendum, ~ponsored by the 
ASUCSD as part of campus general 
elections, was held during the week of 
May 5-9, 1969, at which time the stu-
dents v(){ed 10 assess lhemselves. begin-
ning in the Fall Quarter of 1969, a 
special fee. nO! to exceed $6 per quaner 
to be utilized exclusively for the con· 
~lruction and operJlion of one or more 
Student Centers or Student Unions at 
the San Diego campus. 

In 1972. the regents declared that all 
assets of lhe Associaled Students on 
"several campuses of the University" 
were under regent.11 control. and il de-
clared them to be official units of the 

unive~iry . 1be Associated Students aI 
UCLA and Berkeley balked. Both were 
declared exempt from this item, panly 
due to lhe fact Ihat they had the financial 
ability 10 fight it. 

If anyresoluliOllregardingautonomy 
is made, it should be made by acoolilicn 
of studenl organizations and student 
governance boards that can be repre. 
sented by independent legal council to 
clarify cOI1IrOI over our fees. 

Thlll·Mlay.O('wlwr 15. 1992 

ARf 

m 
Bay Area Blues? 

What is n Francisco Cabrera" 1be 
alwa~ dangerou ' Cabrera comes off the 
pine to lead lhe BrJves to viclory. You 
I..no\\' you're destiny's darlings when a 
(oral bench wanner hits a seeing -eye 
grounder to win the pennant. Feel SOIl)' 
for PirJIe.<. fans loday. ot only do they 
blow it in playoffi , but they will 
undoubtedly lose Barry Bonds to free 
agency. dashing all hopes for n swift 
relum to the post=on. 

The Wor.;! pan about Pilt'iburgh' s 
heanbreaking loss in the playoffs i~n't the 
fac t that they played brilliantly for eiglu 

IIlning~. only to Ix: ,lain by an unlikely 
hero in the booom of the nimh. o. the 
WON pan is the realization that America 
hJ.\ to watch the 'Tomahawk GlOp" for 
at lea,t two more games this fall. 

Jane (Body by Mallei) Fonda', 
newest exer.:ise video will probabl v be 
' ''The Tomahawk Workout:' retailing for 
$39.95. Hey lall('. do ou know where 
you and Ted can bury that halchet'! 

And wha!", UP wllh that annoying 
war cbant? How about trying something 
original. in~lead of stealing from Florida 
State? Brave,<, fans were a lot less 
obnoxious when their team was 
languishing in the bru.emenL Ah, che 
good old day~. 

All I've been hearing lately is the 
lanlents of the poor Bay Area fans. Snap 
out of it ! At least the A's didn 't lose in 
the bottom of the ninth. Listen, NorCal 
failhful: The A's have won four 
divisional titles, three American League 
pennants. and one World Series title in 
the last five seasons. 1be Niners. even 
without Montana, are having another 
excellent ear. Th Wanio~ are one or 
the mo~t exciting and competitive h:am~ 
in the BA. ·"The Genius" ha . ., Stanford 
among the nation's elite, and the Golden 
Bears aren't 100 shabby, eicher. 

But the best pan aboul being a B,I~ 
Are<1 fan is knowing that Ihe Giants 
might be moving to Florida. Talk about 
being spoiled! How could you ask for 
lmything more? 

At least you Bay Area fans don'l live 
in eattle. The Manne~ are the model of 
futility. Here's an idea of how palheuc 
the Mariners re:tlly are: In 1991, the M's 
win 83 gam.:s, their fir..t winning season 
ever. To remedy the ituation, they fire 
the manager. Hoping to relum to their 
losing ways. they trade for Kevin 
Mitchell. The maneuvers worked: Seattle 
returned (0 the (.'Cliar in only one !.eUl.Of\! 

The Marinen. pattemed their sucCes.!> 
after the achievement~ of another ~terling 
franchi-.e. the Cleveland Indians. The 
Tribe hasn't been to the World Series in 
nearly 40 yean.. They haven'l finished 
higher than fourth ~ince divisional play 
tarted in 1969. They're almOSI as bad as 

the Cubs and the White Sox. 
And being a San Diego fan isn'l so 

easy, pither. The Padres have tasted 
postseason glory only once in 24 seasons. 
1be Cllargers haven'l been to the 
playoffs in a decade. The Oippers 
moved in 1984. And the city' s besI team, 
the Sockers, don't even have a league to 
play in anymore. 

So cheer up, Bay Area fans. Getting 
10 the playoffs and losing is bener than 
not getting there at all. Just ask a 
Mariners fan. 

Th .. UC 0 Gnunlian SPO HT:- II 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 

Elizabeth Banez (4) goes up for the block during UCSO's three- game loss to Cal State Los Angeles Wednesday night. 

Eagles Soar Past Tritons 
WOMEN'S VOLLEYBAU.: UCSD 
inconsi ten~ loses to Division n Cal 
tate Los Angeles 

By Julie Sherman 
Staff Writer 

At least the women's volleyball leam is con.~is­
lenl. "The only Ihing we're consistent about is our 
incofuiMency," sruda visibly disappointed womcn 's 
volleyball coach Doug Dannevik, who had expecled 
his temn 10 play at a much higher level I han they did 
laM night III a 15·5,15-10.15-13 1m .. , to Cal Slate Los 
Angeles. 

Dannevik envisioned the~une Iype of high inten· 
sity. tough play that he!.aw in hi<. team when il played 
Cal Scate Bakelbfield Sal urday night. That game was 
a Irn.s on the !tCoreboard bur still a victory in tenn of 
overall performance. 

What he got wa;, tentative play, mo~t apparent in 
game one. The Golden Eagles went OUllO a 5·0 lead, 
and the Tnton~ 1"K1 a lot of trouble convening their 
side-out.;, to poinll.. 

Dannevik had trouble understanding why, con· 
sidering his team's play chis weekend. 

"We deserved to corne out better like we did 
against [Bakersfield]. We have to be lougher more of 
Ihe time," he said 

The end of game two showed more of the type of 
play Dannevik had hoped 10 see throughout the 
malch. 

It didn't start out that way, however, as the Tritons 
continued committing errors aI crucial turning points 
of the game. The team would make a flawless play to 
get the side-out, but service and ball·handling errors 
kept the Tritons from converting their IOUgh play into 
points. 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 
Laura Kranz couldn't lead UCSD to victory 

After taking a lime-out, UCSD brought the !tCOI1! 
to 5·3. when yet another service error gave Cal Scale 
Los Angeles the serve. 

At 11 ·3. Golden Eagles leading. it looked agJin 
as if the Tritons were not playing to the level aI which 
they are capable. 

But, jusl when they looked their worsl. the Tri· 
tons increased their intensity and showed some 
flashes of mental toughness thai made the game 
close. 

Megan Lucas started off wilh a service ace, one 
of her two in the match. Powerful kills from 4um 
KranzandJulie Harvey (who had nineand eightl$ills 
in the match, respectively) spruted the Tritons to 

See W. \(-8ALL, Page 15 

111e Week Ahead 

==-==-== 

Rmme Rerunl 
from Pomona 

The UCSD men'!>:Ind women·scm\.-
countf) tewll~ compett'd 111 thl' {'al Poly 
Pomona Invltuuonallasl w..:ekrllli. whrre 
the women tool.. fifth and the men placcd 
~ Ixt h. The meet \\1.1\ a prell':'" of thl' 
upcomin.n Califomi" Colle~lalc Athlctit-
A~\()CI;tlllln (C( AA) cOlllcrcllcl' llIe .[, 
\II h lchcon' l ~h lllall1 11 I)rD , ~ l"lon II teall ,~. 

TIle 1 f1t()n~ :0010. younger athlete, (I 
the hWltJtlonalto gIlt: thl'lll sllIm: mel't 
expelience, and till' stmlt:gy worl.ed well 
for Ihem. 

Janet Hanna c;une In II!'.t for the women. 
fighling hard tor a lIurd place overall 111111 a 
time of 20: 14 over the 3.4 lill ie cnu .... ' , 

1 eammate Karen Lungyear lilll sll(.'(] the 
COUN: III 22:2:!. ""' .. ren h;l' made the tUIll 
around thl' comer. She tinally 1\ COllllng Into 
mcing condiuon." UCSD Head Coach Ted 
Van Arsdale said. Jane Zimmennan tumed in 
a fine perfonnance as the freshman linished In 
fifth placc. 

Mark Chun cro!>...ed lhe lini~h hne first for 
the mcn, while SCOII Leon and Walter 
Dougheny, running in only hi ~ fin,[ race, also 
perfonned well during the aftemOOll. 

The Tritons' perfomlance earned them a 
spot on the trJveling team, which will take 12 
menand 12 women tothi~weekend'sCaIPoly 
San Luis Obispo Invitational. 

- Kirsten Halverson 

The Headline Matchup: Women's soccer vs. Westmont College, Friday at 3 p.m. at North Campus Rec. Although UCSD has been winning, Head 
Coach Bryan McManus is 1ookJ~ for his team to tum their game up a notch. 
Other Games: Women's volleyball at La Verne, Friday. Cross-eountry at the Cal Poly San Luis Obispo Invitational, Saturday. Men's water polo at Pepperdine, Friday. 



ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Euphoria BBS. Brand NEWI 1200 and 
2400 bauds. Wildcat. FREE. Onine Soft-
ware 558-7104. 24 hrs. (101HOI22) 

SKYDIVE TODAYI with Skydiving AD-
VENTURES. Inc. $20 student dis-
count. BOO·526·9682. (10/5·1213) 

Get paid fordoing your probIem .... 1 
Students 01 Physics 1 A and 2A are 
needed as subjects lor an investigalion 
of physics problem solving. Payis$10for 
a maximum 01 two hours WO!1\. Contact: 
John Batai. Cogrl1ive Scienoe Depart-
ment0515. 534-7308. (10112·10115) 

VOlUNTEER at A.S. Internship Officel 
Gain interpersonal skills. make business 
contacts. learn about resume and inter-
view process. Vnlunteers needoniy con-
tribute 3 hrs./Wk, 3rd ncor. Price Center. 
Room 3.303. 534-4689. (10112·10115) 

These 
adverti er make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
rece sion-bu Img bargains. 
Thank for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............ 450·3323 
Falrmalrs ................ ..... 222-0220 
La Sandale ......... , ....... .488-1134 

UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Plua .................. 455-0662 
Cafe Zero ..................... 457-4365 
Mr. Ts Cafe .............. 755·7642 
Domlno's ............ ' ... , .... 452-UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ....... 453-0286 
Senor Pesca ............. 457 -0597 
UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Aul0 .................. 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............ 695·1990 
Robert·s .............. " ....... 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR II BEAUTY 
Salon Halflsma .. ........... 27 1· 18 10 
We Care Hair ............... 587 ·cun 
Young Attltudes .... , ...... 457·3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH ' FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534 -4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............ 535· 1379 
Trim & Tan ......... " .. , ...... 455·0909 
Dr Ken Schlussel. 0 C .. 558·3600 
Dr Richard Barsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ......... 477-4945 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
ClaSSIcal Eye .. , "", 452-7374 
Eyes of La Jolla ", ......... ' 597-2020 
Dr John McDonald ."", .. 279·5858 
Sears Opt ical ........... , .. 455-5795 
Vision Care .......... " .... , 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Bask9t ..... " ...... .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ....... , ........ 558-6666 

UCSD MUSIC' VIDEO 
Audioflle ....... " .. ....... " ... 459·FILE 
MUSIC Trader .. "."" .... ". 693·1 469 
Video Gallery ....... , .. " .. 452·1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
Council Travel " ... " .... , .. 452-0630 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperiearnlng " .... " .... " 455-1 000 
MCAT Reviaw ... " " .. 456-4848 
Pnnceton Review " .. " 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla BreWIng Co. " .. 452·BREW 
Old Columbta Brewery . 234-BREW 
Del Mar Sluft Pizza ."". 481 ·STUFT 
Torrey's " .. " ....... " .... ". 587·1414 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ....... " .... " ... " .. 452-9949 
MD Labs ..... " ....... " ....... 226-1733 
Kinkos ." ....... " .. """"".457·3775 
Name of the Game (Com.a) 272-GAME 
SI. GenmalO's ...... " .. "". 455-1 414 
Zebra Copy ." .. " .. "" .. ". 457·1007 

T he UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising i sold in I5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment ill 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1be 
UCSD GuaJdian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 pm. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more information 
ca1l534-54 1 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Ann: Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive. 
0316, La lolla. CA 92093-()316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

Rush Alpha Kappa Psi . co·ed profes-
sional business fraternity inlo. nite 
Thursday. Oct. 15.7 p .m , Solis 104. 
(10/12-10/15) 

INVEST in the GLOBAL FOREIGN 
CURRENCY MARKET I ExceptIonal 
HIGH YIELD RETURNS. Call Chns 1-
800-800-1314, (10112-10/15) 

Fifth College Students - Oct. 30 is 
the last day to sign up for the Nov , 7 -
B Fifth College Leadership Retreat. 
Enjoy a weekend of leadership work· 
shops. teambuildlOg with other Fifth 
students and a campfire. For more 
info,. call Fifth Dean's Office at 534-
2237, (10/15) 

DANCERS I Tryout for the Triton 
Dance Teaml Jazz·based With funk 
and street influences. Auditions : Sun· 
day. Oct. 18. 8'30 a .m . check·in. 
Spanos West Room. Call 552-0696 
for more info. (10115) 

EMPLOYMENT 
LAWCLERKISECRETARY-Goodlyp-
ing skiIs; detail oriented; flexille; Kearny 
Mesa; $5~ 500-8405. (9r2I-HY19) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIPS. Most positions lilled by Nov, 
Gain val. exp, managing 6-8 employ-
ees. customers. and suppliers, Avg , 
eamings 6-16.000 • . Call 'University 
Painting Pros: Infclapp!. Call BOO-
525-5877. (9121-1213) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT 
- fisheries . Earn $600./week in 
canneries or$4.000+/month on fishing 
boats. Free transportation I Room & 
board I Male or Female , For 
employment program call 1-206-545-
4155 ext. A5976, (9121-10/19) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
positions. Great benelits. Call (BOO) 
338-3388. Ext. P·3387, (9121-10119) 

EARN $1,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circulars!. .. Begin NOW!... FREE 
packet! SEYS, Dept. 19. Box 400. 
Cordova. TN 38018-4000. (9121 ·1 I I 
2) 

Earn $500-$1000 weekly stuffing 
envelopes. For details - RUSH $1 
with SASE to : GROUP FIVE. 57 
Greentree Drive. Suite 307. Dover. 
DE 19901. (10/8-11/19) 

WENDY'S - PRICE CENTER: Part· 
time positions available ... Flexible 
scheduling 551hr. starting plus meals. 
Kymberleigh or Eric. 450-9425. (101 
12-10115) 

Ambitious Achievers. Busy. last· 
growing office needs 3 people 
immediately. Professional appearance 
a must. Excellent income and benefits. 
Complete training available. Appt. 457-
29BO. (10/12-10/15) 

PAID MANAGEMENTINTERNSHIP. 
Gain marketing. sales. customer 
service. production. ~nting and 
human relations experience Irom the 
largest corporation In the industry with 
the longest proven track record. We 
guarantee $2.500 in compensation 
with vast opportunity for more, Call 
Student Works Painting (Iormerly 
Student Painters) . 1-800-394-6000, 
Limited positions available. (10112·21 
8/93) 

EARN $500 or more weekly stuffing 
envelopes at home. Send long SASE 
to : Country Living Shoppers. Dept. 
J19. P.O. Box 1779. Denham Springs. 
LA 70727-1779. (lOllS) 

Thur clay, Octobl'r 15, 1992 

Pcw\·1ime - 6-10 hrs./per week - oIIIce 
assistant to help file. clean. answer 
teIephoIl8S, Ilk:. Cbieby at LaJola VIllage 
CenIer. Cal 457-1200. (10I15-10119) 

SERVICES 
Olga Sari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3788 Eliott St Student 
ciscounts. 226-1962. (9121-1213) 

Word ProcessingfTyping: Academic 
manuscripts. papers. theses. books. 
letters. AccuratelFast service, Mary 
Ann 452-9439. (9/21-10119) 

Grants. Loans. Scholarships. We can 
find finandaJ aid for every student Ie' 
gardlessof grade point average orfamity 
income. Guaranteed. Cal toll free 1-800-
475-2288 ext. 1519. (9I21-1Q.129) 

VlOirNlOIalessons. Youoryourchild(ren} 
can learn from an experienced. pnofes-
sional teacher. Now accepting students 
- aN ages and levels welcome I Call 
Conrad: 466-0525. (9121-1213) 

QUA LITY BARBERINGII La Jolla 
BarberShop. Ouality Barber. HairCuts 
$B.OO. 7760 Faye Ave. Suite F. 459-
5792. (9121-10126) 

ON-CAMPUS TUTOR living in Muir 
dorms 24 hour service for freshmen 
classes. Call 558-872B. (9/28-1115) 

PfANO LESSONS from patient. expe-
rienced. 1oca1 teacher. Classical. popu-
lar. all levels welcome. Joan Kurland. 
457·B065. (9/2B-I0I22) 

ATIORNEY. DUI. Landlord·Tenant. 
Discrimination/Harassment. lmmigra-
tion or Consumer Problems? AF-
FORDABLE STUDENT RATES. 450-
6803. (10/B-1119) 

Writing tutor. Revelle graduate. expe-
rienced , All subjects. levels. styles. 
Call 298-7067 evenings or leave mes-
sage. (10112- 1 0/15) 

raook Now' 
For The 

Do You Have 

MONO? MANN THEATRES 

Holida~ 
.. ,. 
...... Ou,. 
Malco 
LoN .. 
'1111 
... u ...... 

, .. ,.. 
, .. ,.-
'Uft ,,,. 
..... 
,.". 
HU" 
fteadl_~on. 
Tees net irdIdEd. Some 

owly. SUiort .. rNY be oeq..ftd. 

Council Travel 
UCSO Price Cer'ler (by th£ Past OIIiee) 

451·0630 

Confidence Is just 
A Phone Call Away . .. 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
WWCOST 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
a",,,,rtlla/. TNt R.,."II$) 

PREGNANCY TERMINATION 
(C.m"",1 or L (II ",,"'/lwsw) 

AFFORDABLE BIRTH CONTROL 
S11JDENf DISCOUNTS 

InsurallCf, HSQ, .UaslerCWt/, 
DIsa,n"", uml We/com. 

(619) 535-1379 

EARN $$$ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 

diagno tics. plus eam up 
to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD UIOIATOIIIS 
226·1733 

IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE 

Present Your Valid Student or Military I. D. Card at the 
Boxoffice of Any San Diego County Mann Theatre 

to Receive the Discount Price. 
(Special Engagements Excl~ Check Daily Newspaper or Call Theatre) 

Thursday. Oclobt>r 15, 1992 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 while you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. NearSt. Germain's 
452-9949. (10/12-1213) 

Guitars. 2 acoustic steel strings. per· 
fect condition. new strings. Still in box : 
586-7928. (9/28·10122) 

CLARINET/ SAXOPHONE/FLUTE 
LESSONS. All agesllevels welcome. 
Over 10 years teaching experience. 
Call 698-2232. (10/12-10/22) 

1986 Honda Elite 150. low miles. lookS! 
runs good, $950Ibest. 490-1147. (101 
1-10/19) 

RESUMESIWORD PROCESSING: Pro-
fessionalty edted. laser typeset Resume 
incUdes free Interview PreparaIionGuIde, 
Pa:19SPlls 452-1240. (10112-10115) 

WORD PROCESSING! DESKTOP 
PUBLISHING - papers. resumes . 
manuscripts. etc, Laser printing. Rush 
service available. Sharon 481·7604 , 
(10/15' 10122) 

Spanish tutor. Homework. vocabulary. 
reports. reviewfortests. Pleasecal Sylvia 
FIOrenza. 457-3071 . $Iothr. (10115) 

FREE HAIRCUTSIII People who are 
ready to change and update their look, 
Essence Salon 453·9477. (10115) 

Vegas. 3 days hotel. airfare. meals. 
show. car $79/person. New Wave 
Travel. 576-1 141. (10/15·1115) 

SAVE ON AUTO INSURANCE. Staffl 
students. No obligation. get free quote 
530-0287. Mike. (10115) 

REAL ESTATE- Whyrentwhenyoucan 
buy? Please call Dan Keyes at Century 21 
Village for your glide 10 buying and seI~ng 
real estate. 455-67701982-8993, (1 (115) 

FOR SALE 
SEIZED CARS. trucks. boats. 4wheel· 
ers. motorhomes. by FBI. IRS. DEA. 
Available your area now. Call 800-
338-3388 Ext. C-7556, (9/2,.,0/19) 

Futon. Frame $95. Unused full and 
queen matt set $75. Twin set $65. 
Bunk·bed complete $125. Sofa. love 
still in the bag $250. Can deliver. 576-
8244 , (9/21-1 0/15) 

IBM XT-Turbo. full system. including 
loaded Hard Drive. monitor. keyboard 
and printer. $395, 481-6411. (1015· 
10/15) 

PINARELLOTREVISO-ALLDURA· 
ACE. 59 cm. extra wheels. computer. 
must seel $900/0bo, 558-9365. (1 0/5-
10/19) 

BMW, 325E. 19B5. fully loaded. 5-
speed , w/sunroof. car phone. 88.000 
miles excellent condl1ion . best oHer. 
453-1255, (10/5-10/15) 

ARE YOU PLANNING TO BUY OR 
SELL A CAR? I can help you avoid 
the hassle and frustration. Save your 
time and money, Call Marc for a free 
consultation. 558-2575, (10/5·10/22) 

GUitars, 2 acoustic steel strings. perfect 
condition. New strings. Still in box. $75 
and $100. 586-7928. (1015-10122) 

'81 Peugeot d iesel sedan. slideroof. 
38 miles/gallon. great condition . Best 
offer 459-7497. (10/8-10/15) 

SMITH CORONA word processor. 
XLNT condition . large screen. all sup· 
plies included. $200 obo 558-1526. 
(10/8-10/15) 

2 stereo speakers, liqUid cooled. 
125W. walnutfinish. brand new. $300. 
Call 459-8625. (10/8-10/15) 

PRINTER· IBM compatible. C·ITOH 
wide-camage. lener quality. dot matrix. 
$65 obo, Cathy. 622-9669. (1018-10119) 

286-12 MHz HD. 1MB RAM . 1.2 MB 
FD. amber monitor. 101 keyboard . 
2HD/FD controller. 2 Parl l Ser 10; 
lots of software. $500 Roland 452-
2807, 110/12-10/15) 

STUDENT CONTACT LENS SPECIAL 
SEAlIIS UTe 

• 

EXTENDED S 1 &900 $9900 DAILY WUR WEAR 
son CONTACTS son CONTACTS 

DlIrasoft D2T4 Durasoft D3X4 

25% OFF ACUVUE $19900• 
fRAMES & LENSES DISPOSABLE 

COMPLm CONTACTS 
-i.wltlll",.; "~I·.· \"IIIIII~ IIIIII . I·"l1lud I.'"'' r.ttill~. (1111' ,"' -1111 \',,/1 . " JIUln.' oS j 'ur,' Lll ", /,."1,1111111,,, 

urr,·, nilt 1=11111 1.111. un~ nllN'r ~IM,, 'iul. 

For appointments or information 455·57950' 
call the Optical Department at 622·9365 

COSTA 
VERDE 
(ARWASH 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 

8505 Costa Verde Blvd . • 587·4844 

e 
WE RECYCLE 
OUAWATEA 

· -UCSD 

I 
L. Joli. VIII.". Dr . 

~ 
UTC 

II I J ~b. 1 Dr. ~ ~ z. ® 
OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 

SHEll SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 
-----------------------

: Full Service $ 99 
! tf~6~ PM! f!:4!t! 3 .... 
I C ~R WASil Hal _.., MY at. Ilk. SAVE $4,01 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I I 
------------------------

Tht> UC D Guardian 

'86 Saab 9OOS : Excellent. safe car 
with AlC. stereo. sunroof. extras 
$4500 - 625-8355. (10/12-10/15) 

1991 Sony CD pullout . 8x 
oversampling. receipts. case , $230 
installed, Call Michelle or Jason. 477· 
9281 . (10112-10/15) 

Sony Discman. 8x oversampling . 
mega bass, Can be used in home or 
car. $1500bo. (10/12,10/15) 

For salell0' speed FUJI bicycle. Good 
condition, must sell. $50 - Luke 558-
2007 . (10/12-1 0/15) 

Surfboard fnr sale , Sueno 6 ' 10-
rounded pin thruster. Brand new -
neverused. Perfect for Blackson those 
slightly bigger days, $225. Charhe. 
755·1383, (10/12 ,10/15) 

Macintosh Powerbook With external 
floppy superdrive. Word 5,0 New w 
23 mo. warranty. Pete 299-5263, 925. 
(10/12-10/19) 

MACINTOSH PLUS , 20MB external 
hard drive . Modem included . Soft· 
ware . Excellent condition , $600 , 
Susana 55B-7927 evenings . (10/12-
10/26) 

Sony Discman 8x oversamphng , 
Mega bass, Can be used In home or 
car. $150 obo 566-8969. (10115-101 
19) 

Car stereolspeakers , Blaupunkt FMI 
AM tape 25w pullout 4 1 OOW Pioneer 
speakers $300 obo, Must sell . Like 
new. 260-6023 (10/15 ) 

King size Ortho mattress (extra fltm) 
wood headboard. box spnngs. metal 
frame. $250. Dresser set (2 and 6 
drawer) . $40 each. $70/set; standing 
lamp. $15. Call evenings : 625·0712, 
(10/15- 10122) 

SUBARU 6L Wagon '86. 67.000 miles. 
AlC. automatic transmission. stereo. 
luggage rack. $3600 obo. 457·7820. 
(10/15) 

3B6-33MHZ. 8MB RAM . 1,2 and 
1,44FD. 105 HD with stacker co·pro· 
cessor - doubles to 210 MB. math 
co-processor. soundblaster pro . 
stealth SVGA card. Trinitron ,25dp 
SVGA monitor. Microsoft mouse. 101 
keyboard , lots of software. great for 
work or playl Call formore info, $19001 
obo, 695-8779. (10/15-10/19) 

1985 Ford Mustang. 5,0 Liter excel· 
lent condition. great stereo . $4.000 
obo , 622-9165 (10/15-10/22) 

HAWAII : Kona . Maui or Oahu. 5 days 
hotel. roundtnp airfare $3 I 9/person 
New wave travel 576-1141. (10/15-
11 /5) 

1970 VW BUG CONVERTIBLE . Re· 
bUilt engine good condition . Very reh· 
able White. fltst $2,300. tel. 695-9583, 
(10115-10119) 

Leaving country: Mac plus+ 20M Byte 
HD for $750. Nlshlkl bicycle 15 spds 
$150. 223-5458. (101.6-10/19) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found ' Prescription glasses in case 
at the Guardian office Probably fe· 
male , 534·3466. (10/8· 10/15) 

LOST: 9- gold ankle bracelet. Re· 
ward , 565-0690. (10/15) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted : Own bedroom & 
bath . Security bldg . underground 
parking , washl dry 10 apt.. pool . 
jacuzzI , large weight room. racquet-
ball court. Call Tom at 457-8123. 
$370/month or leave message. (101 
1-10/29) 

One female wanted to share large 
master BR , Walking distance to cam· 
pus, Call 450 -9596, (10/5-10/15) 

Male roommale wanted $300 a month + 
113 utilities. C>.vn noom above MiSSIOn 
Bay, Randy. 275-4289, (1018-10119) 

CLASSIFI EDS 13 

Walk to campus! C>.vn room. share bath 
in condo with UCSD family across from 
Mandel Weiss Theater, Pool. tennis.laun· 
dry. $350/mo , Includes utilities, Avail· 
able 1211192, 455-9678. (10/8-10/19) 

Roommate wanted. Pretty house 10 
minutes to UCSD, Master BR. BA. 
$320 monthly . Stephanie. 693-4366. 
(10/12-10/19) 

Rooms avaible for rent in Clalremont. 
$223·232 plus depoSit Call Karen at 
541 -2073. (10/15' 10'26) 

Mira Mesa. 3BR/2BA to share. laun· 
dry. bus hne. near UCSD. freeways 
$250/up. 271 ·7260/534-2858. (1 0115) 

PERSONALS 
ESPECIALL YFORWOMEN,PRACTICE 
SAFER SEX. pnoted your health and your 
privacy Cordoms by maJl for the discreet 
woman. Shipped drectJy to you. 12 latex 
condoms with spermcide rbonoxynol-9. 
Comp!ernen\aly carrying case induded. 
Send cWmo to: MY CHOICE for $12 10 
4951 -0 Clairemont Sq. #164. San Diego. 
CA 92117 orcaJl483-1435 (10112-10115) 

DANCERS ! Try out for lhe Triton 
Dance Teaml Jazz·based With funk 
and street Influences, Auditions : Sun· 
day . Oct 18. 8 :30 a.m. check·in. 
Spanos West Room. Call 552·0696 
for more info (10115) 

FIJls Jungle Fever is driVlflQ us crazy, 
Can't wait till Friday night. AOn, (10/15) 

MEXICO: Puerto Vailarta or Mazatlan, 4 
days hotel. roundbip airfare, $275tperson, 
New wave travel. 576-1141 , (10115-11 /5) 

Singer: Rock&Roll and blues singer 
with range and power of Orblson, 
Mornson. Wolf . Waters and Presley, 
looking to start band. Call Bradley. 
622-9165. (10115-10/22) 

Rainbow Weasel performs LIVE at 
Third College this Sunday at 12:30 
p,m, Check It outl (10/15) 

N eed a break / rom the election? We ~ "e got the de fection at .. _ 
APPAREL . ~ 

FACTORY OUTLET 
CLOTHING STORES 

20% OFF 
All Shorts & 
Tan k Tops 
One Week Only 

Pacillc Beach: 931 Gamet Ave. - 483-3150 • Miramar: 8250 Camino Santa Fe ' 450-3323 
SDSU: 6663 EI Cajon Blvd. • 460-4320 

.. 



14 The UC 0 Guardian Thur (lay , Ol'tobf'r 15, ]992 

INTERACTIVE 
SOFTWARE 
ENGINEERS 

We are a Mulu-media Produclion 
company wilh orr"'are eng",eenng 
(lO>illoo§ available In Southern 
Califomia_ Candid:lle mu I have 
expenenec and/or abilily 10 
undenlllnd !he rtqUlremenlS of mulli-
medIa drsign and be able to trealively 

tran 181e !hem inlo ImplemenUllion appmaches: Experience In softwillt developmem 
"a plus: proficienlln C and Unix. or Macintosh MPW: muhi - proce~ • real ume or 
object onenled programming I desirable. We are seeking applicanlS With 8~ 
experience. and/or an imeresl in Imeracllve development and design. Mu>1 be able 10 
work in IlIl emenainmem produclion and crealive el1vironmcnl. If you are seeking an 
opponunlly to grow in a rapidly grow,"g induslry and would like 10 work for an 
exciting company. send your resume Wllh salary requilemenlS 10 the address below. 
We offer an Icellenl and compctillve compcnSlllion package. 
Stnd all mumu 10 A TIN HUMAN RESOURCES 

11111 SANTA MONICA BLVD_, 4TH fLOOR 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90025 

Soft Lenses $60 pair .. _ ...... _ ...... Original $120 pair 
Toric Lenses $130 pair ...... ....... ... Original $260 pair 
Gas Permable $100 pair .. ........... Ofiginal $206 pair 
Disposable Lenses $60 for 2 boxes .......... OrIQlnal $85 for 2 boxes 

"Free Contact Lenses Fitting with $35 Eye Exam 
(Excluding special order lenses) 

Don 't wait long-Sale ends November 11 
Call 296-6264 for details 

Southern California Institute 
of Eye Surgery 

3666 41h Ave. San Diego 

La Jolla Eye 
Surgery Center 

7360 Fay Ave .. La Jolla 

I 

IN 
Roommates 

Ticktt, 

Cars 

Bikes 

Deals 

Sleals 

Reotals 

' tereos 

Surfboards 

Auto Repair 

Sales 

Jobs 

Rooms 

Typing 

Babysitters 

ompulers 

Tutors 
and more in 

The Gllordian 
C lassifieds. 

Whaldo 
you need? 

...... 
upar.lrlln tilt 

Student Center, 
__ tile 

GenNIIStM. 

University of California 
PRESIDENT'S WASHINGTON 

SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 

Financial Assistance in the form of a scholarship 
may be available to you for a D.C. internship if you 
me t the following requirements: 

• 

• 

• 

• 

Sophomore s tatus with at least 78 units at 
time of application; 
Must demonstrate financial need; 
3.0 C.P.A. or higher; 
At least one quarter of undergraduate study 
remaining upon return from the internship. 

CHO ARSHIP APPLICATION DEADLINE 
F R SPRING OR SUMMER '93 D.C. 
INTERNSHIP IS OCTOBER 30, 1992 

For mme informahon contact: 
Academic Internship Program 
3255 Literature Bldg. 
or nt/rml tilL' 

DC Internship Forum 
Career Servi es Cenler 

Friday, October 16. 3-1:30 E;~;~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I 

"~kbrGti"' « Decade of Excdlcncl 
MARTIAL ARTS FESTIVA 
Saturday. October 17 
UCSD Haln Gym 

Join AecC\as5 ft RecCtub 
mOf1lal arts groups for an 
.vlHllng of performances. / 
demonstrations ft Information. V} 
5-6pm Reception ti Information 
6'9pm ExhlblGon performances 

AdmiSSIon II fr ••. bUt please 
bOng a c:aM4Id food dclnatIon 
tor the homeless of san OIego. 

Participating groups Include: 
• lapan Karate-Do 
• HopkidO 
• Tong Soo 00 
• ShorinJI Kempo 
• Aoinogl Karate Do 
• Aikido 
• TaeKwon 00 
• Self Defense Cklss 
• ShooUn Kung Fu 
• Tal Chi Ch'uan 
• ludo 

"'I'M 1991 Sahma Award Winne!''' 

5poMaIId!IV ASLCSD. laD ______ ~ CIIIIIII ........ CIJtII:IIDM. ... CIItIIr of Del IW 

DRIVER REFUSED 

* * * * * I.ow Dow1I QualilY S1UDENf DUl's. Tickets Quick Low Customer DlSCOUNfS Unin!'ured Claims MOllthly , nice First Insurance Rel')Jon: 

1-811)-1 FSS-DOWN 
Sail Diego / BeacfltS • Nortit Ccun/y • South !Jay 

rr--
COMPARE SAVINGS INSURANCE SERVICES 

t!IJI 
I ' 

Thursday. OClobl'r 15, 1992 

r.h,"'~ Neuyen/ Guaroran 
CraIc Miroy could not penetrate the UC Irvine defense. 

UCSD Tmnhles Off The Edge 
MEN'S SOCCIR:: Poor 
offense dooms Tritons 
By MuraU Moorthy 
Staff Writer 

Overconfidence will not be a prob-
lem for the UCSD men's soccer team. 

"We probably ju~ fell off the cliff." 
were Head Coach Derek Amlstrong's 
last words as the Tritons walked away 
from an eml:x1n'a! ing 1-0 home loss at 
the hands of UC Irvine. The loss. on the 
heels of an ugly I-I tie al Cal Stale San 
Bernardino, eliminated the defending 

w. V-BALL: 
A lack of intensity 
hurts UCSD 
Continued from page 11 
within four. 13-9. 

Thenmconrinued underthedefense 
of Jennifer Manin and Jruni Johnson. 
whose blocki ng scored poinlS for UCSD 
as well. 

national champion Tritonl> (6-5-3) from 
!hi year's playoffs. 

In whal seems to be the theme of this 
season's perfonnances.lhe Tritons were 
victimized in both games by an anemic 
offense tlult couldn 'ttake advantage of 
opponunitiesanddefensivem&uesthat 
led to easy oppo it ion score . 

On Monday, goolie Mike Madden 
failed to square himself properly and 
saw an easy save slip through his anns 
into the net 10 give CSUSB a 1-0 lead. 

The offense' s problem~ were e.--pe-
dally apparent ye~terday. The Triton~. 

Aet ion at the net was fierce. as the 
gap closed to one, 13-12. 

Then a controversial out-<>f-bounds 
call allowed Los Angeles to score once 
more. After a Triton side-out. Megan 
Lucas served yet another ace to keep the 
ganle alive. 

The Tritons held on for IWO more 
side-outsbefore finally lo~ingthe match 
15-13. 

"We played a 101 bener in grune two. 

~ 
1»au® 

PICANT£ 
SAUCE 

Thl' UC 0 Guardian 

despite controlling the ball for almost 
the entire second half. failed to fire OUI 
more than two viable shots on goal. 

Pos ible scoring chances were 
thwaned time and time again when 
UCSD turned the ball over. failed to 
make the crisp pass or mi!>S-hit shots on 
gool. Brian Bradbury's overhit penalty 
kicks overteammalCS' heads. freshman 
Mike Yen' swing and mi ' on an at-
tempted right cros.~ and junior Todd 
Curran's botched dribble on a clean 
breakaway on goal were typic;tl ex-
ample:, of the futile offen'le. 

A defensive bn:akdown in lhe lir.1 
half left COyOle forward Michael Succi 
wide open in the III iddle :Uld gave UCI 
it:. le:ld. Maddendidn't have a ch;ulCc a.<. 
Succi rolled the ball into the left side of 
the net to score the lone go;ll. 

tilizing an off~ide lnIp. the Triton 
defen.'Ie neutralized the Coyote offen>e 
for the rest of the game but withoUl ,Uly 
punch on theolTensiveend. the ~ituation 
wa~ hopeles.,. 

"Wewereshowingourlackofdepth 
andtalent."Arm'trong~ida\ heheaOed 
toward the I ker room. 

His t:l~k now i~ to rally lhe Ie.·un for 
Monday's home ganle against South 
em Cal College. With the pbyofhoulof 
reach, he C<lIl now take acl~ look at his 
young teanlto see if they' vc gOI whal it 
rake:, to recapture it, gl ry in the fUlure. 

I'm really proud of their hustle:' 
Dannevik said 

1lle T rilOns hoped to coni inue their 
strong play going into game three. :Uld 
they hung lough to keep right with tile 
Golden Eagle. who led 10-9. 

In the end. though. Cal State Los 
Angeles reigned ~upreme and held the 
Tritons to just one more point ~ the 
Golden Eagles pulled away to win the 
grune 15-10. 

SPOHTS 15 

The Win Wasn't Enough 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: Tritons victoriou ,2-0 over Cal 
Baptist, but coach disappointed with team's effort 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports EdItor 

Even after a 2-0 win over Cal Bap-
t i~t. UCSD women' s soccer te:Ull Head 

oaeh BI)'an McManu., wasn'l ~urc 
how to react. Hi~ temn had mlOlher 
vi tory. raIsing it~ record to 7-2- 1. but it 
W;l;;n't a real confilknce booMer. 

" It wa.,n·tthat gre,1I ofa ganle; I'm 
a I in Ie bil di>:tppointed. 1lley were a 
scrappy te:un. aJld we jUl>l ~Irugg led 
with them." McManus said. 

Playing in heat and ~mog. the Tri-
lon~ ~truck first when Kelly Cr.Ullcr gOl 
the ball 011 the left ~ide of the penally 
bol..After!Jlakingherdefender. r.lIllcr 
faced the onrushing Cal Baptisl goal-
keeper and ~hot the ball right under Ihe 
goalie. 

Carin Pugh collected the second 

>corc for UCSD. but the Triton,> ,till 
couldn 't ~ha"e Ihe Lancer.. 

McManus' main conceml~ with the 
team \ illCon~i~tellCy. "We' re ju,t nOl 
,!ringing the g,Ulle~ tog~lher liJ...e lIe 
need to:' the coach \aid. 

Staning ~ix fre.,hmen doesn't help 
Ihe cooch '~ ~i tuation either. "With the 
fre,hmcn. II take, ;t while for them to 
adjul>I tolakmg a fu ll Io:tdofcla.\-,e, and 
then playing !>OCcer at the "lme tilllC. 
'There\ not much I can do to help. it\ 
ju,t a Icaming experience for them:' he 

~aid . 
1llcTriton., face We>.tmont C'ollegc 

on FridJyat home. and McManu\ hoJlC' 
hi~ Icam can finally get it logetller. a, 
Ihey head imo theplayoll\_ "I We'>llllollli 
is alway~ a tough game. butlt\ jU\t a 
iUlotller ,tep for u~." 

Dan McDowell/GuardIan 
Despite a su~r effort, UCSD ran past Cal Baptist to a 2~ win. 

r--------------------------, 
i WYou Think ! 
i Your Schedule's Tough, ! 
i Check Out Ours. ! 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I I MONDAY: • .... ~If lIi.~t FHtMII.- $I.S0 longmks; 2 For I appe tizers. I 
I TUESDAY: ·S .. t~ ., n. 8.,4.r 1I1.~I . · W.lch the sunset on our p.l io wltile enjoying $I.SO I 
I Margaritu, $1 Coronn(4 •• ,m). and $lfish' hcos. 
I WEDNESDAY: -Let. Ni.~1 Him H .. r.· Enjoy our My Happy Hour duls From IO : ~O,m ·hm . : 
: THURSDAYS: J;1-p, .. ~ Bla.cl &- Ta~1', ,f",,, .. IAIQll/I', Bm, f/",''''' I 
I (OWGE NIGHTS ~ 1.50-tlo.'P"'et&-I', RfJJII!IUfI." "P""!&lIl6tu,,N I 
I f..Rlm H.," H •• , 4-1,.. $1 40merti. 4,,'11, 2 'or I a,p.tizers. I 
I SATURDAY & SUNDAY: -FHth" Frllli. W .. k •• ~.· Various specia ls throughout the weekend. : 

: .eMN): 
The Official Salsa Of HUSSONG'S Cantina I eNul I. the H.,d Rock e.f. e Pluty .f uldergroulld perkilg . I L R .. .,." fur C~r i ltillu ,art, n,. ' CIII 4H ·9664 • --------------------------~ 

• 



16 The UC 0 Guardian 

Football Bruises 
FLAG FOOTBALL 

Up Campus 
Coaches Poll Monday nlOmings around 

Work 001 a linle bil on Thursday 
cwnpu~ have looked. linle funny and gel 10 Ihe game: a half hOOf early 
lalely. A 101 of fol~ are walking 10 streICh OUI. Nanaaa!!! The short 

MIN'S AM round with 3 slighl limp, w re lerm memory II s wl1h • felll Shol 
1 MUFFLERS ON DRUGS? 2·0 shoulder ' Of a )aJnmed finger. 10 Ihe old mdon. Back 10 lIIal~mg 
2. SAE Hl Whal'~ happening on wee~end around .linle hunched over on 
3. CAPTAIN FOGCUTIERS 1·0 around here? MoneL, and ready In go ne,1 "eek. 
4 BIG AL'S SOLDIERS 2·0 1M foolball .. bad, nd II'S Three mmules berore game lime, or 

obYlou, nOI everyone is 'luile ready COUf\t. 5. SCRIPPS STUFF 1-1 10 go. You l:ike lhe summer off. It's always fun 10 o\crhear Ihe 

MlN'S AA 
COOle out 10 Ihe Iield and stretch embellished e.pillO.lion of. ~ 

1. BEARDED ClAMS 2·0 
oul for Ihlrty ,econds, WId Iry 10 ~nee or a CUI lip. &'peclally when 
play:on up lempo hard hining lyle lhe lall tole IOvan"bl) end, "'Ih. 

2. WORD UP 2·0 or nag foolb.JlI . II's Ihe perfecI "You hould >ce whallhe olher guy 
3. AND AWAY THEY GO 2,0 fomlula ror all ~inds of netlCs and looh li~e" 
4. SNUS 2·0 pa'"' on Monday morning. 
5. SMAlL BUT SlOW 1-0 
6. GRANDMA'S DICK 2·0 6 NO PROTECTION NEEDED 2·0 COlD A 
7. DELTS 2·0 7 JEFfS NEW HAREM 2·0 1. SHIRTS & SKINS 2·0 
8. LlTILE AL'S SOLDIERS 1·0 8 CLUELESS WONDERS 2-0 2. BLUMSTERS 2-0 
9. JB 199 2·0 9. 08Z 2-0 3. GOING DEEP 2·0 
10. WE FROTIAGE 1-0 10. KERI'S P8 POO 2·0 4. DAVE CAlL IS MY HERO 2-0 

5 MA TIHEWS APTS. 2-0 
MIN'S A COIDM 
1. HOMEY'S REVENGE 2-0 1. BRAIN DAMAGE 2-0 WOMEN'S AM 
2. SMOKE THIS. BABY 2·0 2. TOUCH OUR POPSICLES 2-0 1. HOOPSTERS 1·0 
3. INNER TEAM TURMOIL 2-0 3. A FOOTBALL TEAM '-1 2. ACE BANDAGE 2·0 
4 SCHAFFER BEER 2·0 4.0NE LIVE JEW 1-0 
5. WARREN WEE8LES 2-0 5. PRESSIN' FOR THE GOAL 1-0 

MEN'S, WOMEN'S TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIPS 
• Set for Saturday and Sunday, October 24-25 

The lport ollennll takes on a hlgh-proftle at ve'Y dll'lllrent times 01 the year, In Australia, tennis 
Is big In January. In london, of course, Wimbledon cranks up Its grass act In July. In New York, Its 
late summer at the U,S, Open Ctlamplonshlps. 

AI UCSD, its always the lasllllil weekend 01 October, And hlgh-proftle It hi. The annual All-
Campus Tennis Singles Championships are once aaain slated for the Muir Tennis Complex on 
Saturday and Sunday, October 24th and 25th, 

Close to 100 players will air out their forelwnda and ba<:khandl In four different toumament 
divisions as they Iry to serve and volley their way 10 Individual champlonahlps. 

This year's tournament highlights the same tarn.-tested leatures that have made this such a 
popular event for tile past 20 yea .. or ao. All playe .. a .. guaranteed two back-to-back matches on 
Saturday, with winners advancing to the championship rounds on Sunday, 

The entry lee Is as nominal as It gets .... one can 0' new leMIs balta (Pem or Wllaon) lhat you 
bring to the toumament slle (Muir Cta) at the start 01 your ftrst match, And 0' course, excellenl 
prizes will be awarded to all 01 our desenllng champions. 

Tournamenl slgJH.Ips are currently taking place at the Canyonvlew Recreation 0IIIces In four 
different divisions: Men'a Open, Women 's Open, Men's Intermediate, Women's Intermediate. EnI'Y 
deadline Is Thursday, October 22nd, 4prn. 

When you decide to slgrHIp, make lure to indicate your preferred starting preference, either 
morning or afternoon, Tournament officialS will tty 10 accommodale as many reqUNts .. poMlbIe, 

Thursday, Oclober IS , 1992 

VOL LEY B ALL 

New Champs Crowned 
in Men's Doubles 

The changing of lhe guard at 
Buckingham Palace in London is 
quite a . ighl. Plenty of pomp 
and clrcum~lance to go around 
for everyone. But Ihis past 

"ee~end In the UCSD gymnasi-
ums another kind of guard got 
changed withoul " the pomp." In 
It place however was a new kind 
of '90s protocol called "tra h 
lalking," 

And Ihat's just what happened 
al the 171h annual AII·Campu 
Men's Volleyball Doubles 
Champion hips lasl Saturday, 
Three sels of new champions 
"ere crowned and as they all 
walked triumphanlly off lhe 
court, their T·Shirts said it all to 
Iheir fellow competi l iors ..... DeaI 
With It." 

Yup, lhe king of men's two· 
man volleyball is dead. Long 
live .. ,lhe poor fella! Perennial 
champion SCOII Criswell got 
himself mixed up in some alumni 

I funclion this week for the 
univer ity and couldn ' t defend 
Ihe championship he has held on 
at least a half dozen occasions. 

Or SCOII i gelling 100 old for Ihe 
new group of volleyball gunsling-
ers that have hit campus. We 
don' t know which. 

AI any rale, UCSD veleran 
player. Ricky Lau, fresh oullhe 
infirmary from knee and ~houldcr 
operal ions. leamed with partner 
Chris Babcock to tale Ihe Men ' s 
Open Championship. Lau 
suppl ied plenty of boomer .pi ke. 
and Babcock dug and hustled his 
way on Ihe defensive end to lead 
them 10 a 12·10 overtime win over 
Ihe heavily favored ICA teum of 
Sieve Kremser·Mall Brigham. 

The Men's Inlermediale 
Champions were a pair of 
sophomores from Capi trano 
Valley, Doug Frosl and Ernie 
Gomez. They annexed Iheir litle 
wi lh a 11 ·9 win in the champion· 
ship game. In the Men's "B" 
Division Ihe learn of John Lc and 
Mike Pcnjoyan worked its way 
Ihrough the double·clim brncletlo 
claim Iheir firsttoumament win 
ever. Hey, congratulations, guys, 
even Karch and Sieffes had 10 
lart somewhere, 

BJ'S PIZZA POUNDER POLL 
Volleyball Rankings (Oct 14) 
MIN'S AM 3 Cake It (5·1) 
1 Ralph's (3·0) 4 PalVo Cocktail (5·1) 
2 Cranks and Shanks (3·0) 5 Team Dane (5·1) 
3 Speed Bump (3-0) 
4 Greasy Turbin (3-0) WOMEN'SM 
5 Captain Fogcutter (2·1) 1 Mama Mama (6-0) 

2 Club 51h (5-1) 
MlN'SM 3 Glory Days (3·0) 
1 Buttholes (6·0) 4 Killers and Kittens (5·1) 
2 Park My Wheelchair (6-0) 5 We Gel It Up (3·0) 
3 Go Team (6-0) 
4 We're Gonna Win M (5-1) WOMEN'S A 
5 Cruise Control (3-0) 1 We Can'l Spike (6·0) 

2 Dig It (6-0) 
MEN'S A 3 Asian Invasion (3-0) 
1 Take That (3-0) 4 Bump and Grind (5·1) 
2 Beer Goggled (6-0) 5 Hit Me (4·2) 

IIIIDEO GALLERY 
Bf's Pizzeria 

TUESDAYS=UCSD BARGAIN DAYS 
OVIE RENTALS 

NEW RELEASES: BASIC INSTINCT 
GlADIATOR 

COMING SOON: Batman Returns 

9¢ 
THUNDERHEART 
HIGH HEELS 
Beauty and the Beast 

COIla Verde Center near Soup Piazza Carmel, Del Mar near Vons 
Exchange 8750 Geoeseee . 450-1766 3880 Valley Ceotre Dr •• 792-9923 

Hoan: Su.-Than, ]] .... 9 pm I Fri.-SaL I] .... ]0 ... 
WI ACCEPT OOMPEnI'ORS' COUPONS 

$ 
fill CAMPUS DEUVDY 

TOYOUIDOOl 
s... 11 :30 ... -11 P'" 
M·Th II am-II FI'" 

Fri. & Sal .. II am-12 noid 

8873 Vii/a La Jolla Dr. LaJolla Village Celller 455.0662 
UCSD's original pizzeria is sUU tbe best! 

• 

UCSD G ARDrAN • ARTL & ENTERTAINMENT • OCTOBER 15, ] 992 

Jason A,allelGuatdidn 

A WOMAN RELAXES AT THE REGGAE FEST 
LISTENING TO THE SOUNDS OF BITOTO, 
FOUNDATION AND BARBARA PAIGE. 

Basta 
Invasion! 

UCSD'S YEARLY REGGAE FEST 
WELCOrvrnS GROUPS WITH A V.AJliETY 

OF SOUNDS 
The annual UC D Reggae FC~I, held lasl 

Saturday allhe Pril:e enter. wa, a 
ca~ua l but lively event In whkh 
the bands perfonning ~erved mon: 

a~ a backdrop for the sun-seeking 
crowd, 

Among the group~ perfomling 
on Salurday were B itoto. Founda-
tion, Donovan and Barbara Paige. 
The strange thing, however, was 
Ihat the audience was leasl bolhered 
by which group was playing. In facl , mosl 
people did not even know the name of the 
groups, They were there to enjoy the sun 

and the relaxco alll1o~phere . There '~ere . of 
cour..e, the hard·core reg~!(Ie fan~ "Ill) lOOk. 

the ll1u\il: very ,eriou,1 y. 
The 1ir~t to pcrfollTl wa, BiIOIO. 

1l1ey played their own ~pecial 
brand of reggae. Their mu,k \"" 
dislinclively differenl .lIld enchanl-
ing wilh Ihe ~harp conl ril,1 they 
created be lween Ihe vocab. gui lar 

melodic~ and accompanying 
rhylhll1~. 

The nex t to perfOIlTl wa, 
Bmbara Paige and her Iroupe. H er voice 

See REGGAE, Pag~ H6 

STORY BY SUHASINI KERJRIWAL 

Radio PO'D'·",our 
KSDT CELEBRATES 25TH ANNIVERSARY 

By Audrey Ros&le 
Guardian Reporter 

To kick off a weekend of musical 
festivities which includes a concert. it 
conference of college radio Slat ions ,md a 
spoken word perfonnance. KSDT 95.7 cable 
FM will present five San Diego bands in a 
free show on the gym slep~ Friday at 5 p.m . 

While mnny students at UCSD may nOI 
be familiar with Ihe radio ~tal ion. KSDT has 
been playing 10 Ihe tasles of Ihe ~Iudenl~ for 
25 year." Mu,ic Director Mallhew Semancik 
and Mation General Manager Bruce 
Barbarasch have worked hard to bring Ihe 
~how and conference togelher, Semancik had 
been \~orkll1g on Ihe musicallint:-up all 

~ummer. 
Barbara,ch said he fclt Ihe "focu\ of Ihe 

, Iat ion I' ,Iill on local band~" and he'd like 
10 ~ee Ihe mdio stati on "further IIlvolved with 
Ihe siudenl, and campu, life:' 

regrels not having g011en involved his fin.1 
year. "It's really my loss," he said, 
Barbarasch, a Revelle ~enio r, has been with 
Ihe ~Ialion for four year~, 

KSDT i~ commilled 10 promo ting Icx:al 
mu~ic: Ihey broadca~t local band!> on 
Wednesday nighls live from Ihelr ~Iudlo. 
Both Barbara.\ch and Semancik ~ald 
everyone i~ welcome 10 become invohcd 
and Ihe door is always open \0 stuJent,. 

Headlining Friday'~ ,how will be Drip 
Tank. Abo on Ihe 
bill Me Dark Globe, 
Truman ' , Wnter, 
aMiniaturt: and 
See KSDT, 

Page H4 

Semanclk ~aid thai he "really likels] Ihe 
almo~phere al Ihe Sial ion: it i, a cool place 
10 hang OUI." Though he has been wllh / ~ 
Ihe ,Iation for two of his Ihree year., • 
here al UCSD. he say, he genuinely I 

NOMOI ROCH REYI[NED 06 PUBLIC [Y[-JO[ P[SCIII THE LIMELIGHT 83 



'. 

IllATU 2 The UC 0 Guardian Thursday, October 15,1992 

U P COM I I G North eo.t Repertol y: M.feIpfe. a poof of politi-
cal Washington wrinen by Larry 
Gelbart of "Mash" fame. runs 
through Nov. 7. Perfonnance 
are gi ven Thursday through Sat-
urday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2 
and 7 p.m. Ticket are $10 and 
$12forslUdems.lnfo:4 1-1055. 

1 0 DAY 
Street basketball games in 
Venice, California are the fo-
cusofthemovie WhlteMen 
Can', Jump. It hows at the 
Price Center Thearer m 6:30, 9 
and II p.m. Tickets are $2. 
Info: 534-4090. 

Pianist Ruth L...edo is the 
featured soloist for rhe perfor-
mance of Rachmaninov's 
"Conceno No.2" at Copley 
Symphony Hall at 8 p.m. Se-
lections from John Adams and 
Brahms will also be perfomled. 
Thi show repeats on Friday 
and tickets range from $15 to 
$40. Info: 699-42 

FRIDAY 
Band from U SO play "tthe 
Che Cafe in a show beginning 
at 9 p.m. Fear and Loath-
ing. Mystery Waffle and 
Green Thumb are on the bi II 
and tickets are $5. Info: 534-
2311. 

The film Pow Wow HItIh-
way documents the voyage of 
tWO Nonhem heyenne Indi -
ans. Inez Hernandez. a profes-
sor of Native American Stud-
ies at UC Davis will be the 

guest speaker. 1lle film stans at 7 
p.m. in SLH 107. Admission is free. 

Performancearti tTim M"'pre- I 
sems a piece about AlOS calJed 
"My Queer Body." The show start ~ I 
at p.m. at the Sushi Perfonnance 

I GaJlery downlown and repeats on 

I 
Saturday. Ticket range from $9 to 
$12. Info: 235-8466. 

SR1URDAY 
M...-een Caud. will sign her I 
book III Ollr OW/llmage: Buildill.,? 
all Artificial Perso/l at Bookstar in 

Co~ta Verde Plaza from I I a.m. to 2 
p.m. Info: 457-7561. 

Jethro TuM play an acou~tic per-
formance at Spreckels Theatre at 8 
p.m. Info: 278-TlXS. 

A screening of The Marie of 
Zorrostarring Douglas Fairbank . 
Sr. will how at 8 p.m. at Copley 
Symphony Hall .The San Diego 
Symphony with organi t Dennis 
James will perfonn the musical 
score.Tickets rangefromSI4to$25. 
Info: 699-4200. 

The R....onft. SocW Distor· 
tion and Overwhelmlnc C0l-
orfast play at 7 p.m. at the Star-
light BowL Tickets are $20.50 in 
advance and $21.50 the day of the 
show. Info: 278-TlXS. 

SUNDRY 
1be Black Crow.. perform 
theirSouthem hannonies at theOpen 
Air Theatre at SDSU at 8 p.m. Info: 
278-TIXS. 

A chamber recital by Susan 
a.ntH feature oboe and French 
h m and tarts at 3 p.m. at the Re-
ci tal Hall in MandevilleCenter.lnfo: 
534-3229. 

MONDRY 
The BeautIful South will per-
foml with w... at 8:30 p.m. at the 
Belly Up in Solana Beach. Info: 
481 -9022. 

Rap singer Kris Parker, also 
known as KRS-One, wi II be lec-
turing in the Price Center Ballroom 
at8 p.m.Tickets for tudents areS7. 
Info: 534-4450. 

TUESDRY 
I The PIckle FMIIy CIrcus, San Francisco'sone-ringEuropean- tyle 
circus will perform at 7 p.m. at 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets 
range from $10 to $16. Info: 534-
6467. 

WEDNESDRY 
Engli h-bom poet Thom G ..... 
will be reading from ~ .. work in the 
Price Center's OavisIRiverside 

I Room. The reading takes place at 
4:30 p.m. and admis ion i free. 

I 
I .~II (Joill~ , 

1 HER 'l E R 
La Jolla ~ .. : Shake-
speare 's Milch Ado About Nothing 
is previewed Tuesday and runs 
through Nov. 29. Perfonnances are 
given Tuesday through Saturday at 
8 p.m. wi th matinees at 2 p.m. on 
Saturday and Sunday. Tickets range 
from $23 to $29. Info: 534-3960. 

GRLLERIES 
Grove Gn'.ry: "Personal Vi -
sions," a show which features 
folk art by artists with no formal 
training. is on exhibit until Oct. 
24. Admission is free. The gal-
lery is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Tuesday through Friday and from 
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday. Info: 
534-2021. 

Mandeville Gnlery: "Manny 
Farber: Black and White Paint-
ings. 1985-1991" i on exhibi t 
until Nov. I. Admission is free. 
The gallery is open Tuesday 
through Sunday. noon to 5 p.m. 
Info: 534-3120. 

M ........ of Contemponry 
Art: "Modem Dance as Muse: 
The Art of Francoise Gilot," a 
piece featuring the work of Brit-
i h sculptor Antony Gormley is 
on display until Dec. 9. The 
museum isopen Tuesday through 
Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
and Wednesday from 10a.m. to 
9 p.m. Admi sion for students is 
$2. Info: 454-354 1. 

CASIO presents 
SCIENTIFIC SOLUTIONS: 

Computer Link 
Power Graphic 
FX-7700GB 
Large creen 16 col x 8 lines, 4,164 
program teps, up to 548 variable 
memorie , fra ction feature , Regr s-
sion analysis, Instant replay, and 
more ... 

FX-8700G 
All th arne advanced featur J a ' the 
7700G PLU a new file djtor and 
increa cd t rage capacity. 

SOLAR POWERED 
FX·1150 and FX-991 D 
Choose from these two solar 
power d cicntific calculator 
with up to 199 built -in func-
tions, linear regressjon, complex 
number alculaticn ,and engi-
neering ymbol calculations. 

Graphic Scientific 
FX-630OG 
Built-in graph fun ction , 
Includes:fraetion, Base-n, 
statist ical, and scientific fu nc-
tions a nd 400 program func tion 
teps. 

CASIQ 
available at: 
computer Be LJCSD 

U()OK9TORF 

electronics dept. ~ ~ =4 
5344320 

Thursday, October 15, J992 TIl{' C D Guardian 

MOYI[ R[YIEW 
Public Eye: Pesci 's wisecracking 
energy is not enough to save this one 
By Rona Kelly 
Guardian Reporter 

Actor Joe Pesci tries to carry Tlte Pltblic 
Eye. but hi s wise-cracking energy is not 
enough to avethi one. Pesci stars as the 
lovable Leon "Bemzy" Bemstein. a 
freelance photographer on the streets of 

ew York. circa 1942. 
1lle movie was inspired by an exhibit of 

tabloid photogmphy from the era. The 
exhibit, which was showing at New York's 
Intemat ional Center of Photography. 
impre sed writer-<lirector Howard Franklin 
enough that he decided to create Tlte Public 
Eye. 

TIle tabloid photographers that are the 
focus of the film were called "shutterbugs" 
due to the nature of their work. the hours 
they kept and the places they frequented. 

Bemzy. dubbed "The Great Bemzini" 
for his uncanny knack of aniving tirst on 
the scene of a crime, is actually ba~ed on a 
shutterbug named Weegee. Be ause of hi 
investigatiye ski lls, he tinds himself 
involved III clande tine activities. 

The plot entwine Bemzy with nigtuclub 
owner Kay Levitz (Barbara Hershey). 
Levitz asks Bernzy for a personal favor that 
will eventually lead to scandal and murder. 
She wants him to inYestigale a mobster who 

wishes to have a share of the profits from 
her nightclub. 

Bemzy. an emotionally isolated loner. 
falls for the seemingly unattainable Levitz. 
and follows through with the favor. blinded 
by love. He also feels that by carrying out 
Levitz's wish. he will obtain material which 
will help his book selL 

Bernzy believes deeply in his an and 
devotes hi life to it. Unfonunately. this 
ponion of the plot remains incredibly 
underdeveloped bec;tuse the internal 
connicts Bemzy grapples wi th are never 
re,olved. TIle mo ie mi,es issues about the 
nature of an. but doesn't develop them. 

Although The Public Eye is a stylisti-
cally impressive movie. and Joe Pesci puts 
out a compelling ano hean-warming 
perfornlance. the storyline b weak and the 
issue, are never confronteO. The "Beauty 
and lhe Beast" formula (,1 hackneyed theme 
in Hollywood prodUCti ons) that develops 
between Levitz and Bemzy never pans out. 

III.\TU .3 

and Bemzy's problems are only panially 
so lved at the close of the film. 

Unle . you are a die-hard Joe Pcsl:i fan 
or feel that you have money buming a hole 
in your pocket. wait until this one comes 
ou! on video. 

The Public Eyr opens tomorrow at 
theaters throughout San Diego. 

Psychology Majors 
Information Meeting 

Pass or don 't pay! N A I L SPECIALS 

find out about 
New major requirements 

New courses and changes in courses 
Honors seminar & program 

Graduate programs in psychology 
Career opportunities 

WHEN: Thursday, Octo ber 22 at 4:00 p.m 
WHERE: 1110 McGill Hall (formerly P&L) 

SMOG $1599* CHECK • 
plus $7.00 state cert. 

TUNE UP· 
4-cyl . $ 25.99 
Brakes Special· $60 
Includes new pads Of snoes. 
resurface rotors or drums. 
Check h)draullc system. road test. 
12 mo./12.000 mile warranty 
• most cars 

C Ie D Auto Care 
Mon.·Frl . 7 am-6 pm, Sat. 8-5 

6660 Miramar Rd., suite C (behind Goodyear' 
San Diego, CA 9212l. 
(619) 558-2436 

Kirby's has IVemusic 
Wednesday thru Sunday Evenings 7·9:30 
(Ca ll for details) 

cso'R&'itNIGHTS U with Dave & Tony, . 
(members of 12 Gauge PersuasIon) 

All BEERS 2 for 1 
m Thursday Night o~ly 

7 -lOp h \. beverages avaIlable I Non-aleo a te 

The healthiest food in Del Mar! 
215 Fifteenth Street in Del Mar 
481 -1 001 

ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 

.[ 

Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 
Fills $12 Reg $15 · New Chents only 

Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 
Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 

Waxing Starting at $3 
Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg $35 

'1t::u:tt 4-fl~ MEN AND WOMEN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
NOllJahd wuh any OU181 otlefS (xplres 10129192 



4 II lATUS 

MYSTERY 
WAFFLE 

& 
FEAR & LOATHING 

plus others 
Friday, October 16th 
Chi Cafe 

(all ages) 
Starts at 9 pm 

Tickets available at the door 

Ping Pong 
Tournament 

October 17th, 1992, 12 noon 
Price Center Ballroom A 

Sign:-up today! 

All students are invited to 
participate. 

c.are hair~~~ 
Come 

Back To 
School 
With 

we c.are hair 
~ \ 

\ \\,it tll \ \ 

.. ~~::: Pt,,,, 

I 
I 

The UCSD Cuarwan 

:t,~ i"~~. 
Reef Teva 

Earth Sandals Ugg Boots 
Sport Sandals Clogs 

Flojos Big Sizes 
Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

La. Sad4te. 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 488·1134 

The USun " is. a!ways Trima Tan 2TA'NS$:[ 
Not • temper l1li'/ •• er lou • Redu:e cetkAlte and stretch marks 

W"h coupon only Fxp'''' II 15191 

COA GRATULATKO § 
IJr{tgan 'B[i>\. 
Cof{een 'Brenner 
Pcn' 'Dosfti 
Jenr,ifer'Downs 
Susan 'Emaga 

~trina (jray 
JUaUu.rJ{QilS 
Maggie Lang 
CarrU ::Mc1(?f[ingon 
J ana 9{.al/Ul i 
Jana 9I[1C~rson 
'}.{egan Owen 

KAPPA 
KAPPA 
GAl\IMA 

'El[en 'RJ.etf 
Jtfison 1?,p66ills 

'Efiza6etft Scliacf;. 
!it[[ison S tansfoUl 

'Wfiitney'Tomlinson 
Ju(itt Torrt.S 

::Marcin Valero 
Sarah Yeomans 

Susan Zipli 
Jj{(Zoof;. 

'Ten ZunitJa 

:Jlowers cf 9ifis 
Co ta Verde Cenler 
"8750 Genesee Ave. 

~Jn Dlcgo. c.~ l)~1~2 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
""I ,r h . ... f , . fllt.I . ..... · 
\ .• \.AI J. h i ' ",;M utt .. "!' 
I 'P IIt(N;\)' • 

YAKIMONO 
Japanl.1 . FooO 

SUSH[ & DAILY SPECIALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 
u C so.., I ' 1 l 1 \ 1 

TERIYAKI CHICKEN $399 
LUNCH OR DINNER 

bp,10l29/'n.. 

YAK I M 0 N 0 (IN LA JOLLA COLONY Pl.AZt\) 
7128 ~er:ts Rd. (Vans Shopping Center) 
Tole 0Ii . W. aho oIIor caIIriIIg ..mea. 452-4255 

L IICUIS: 11:30 -',. ..... 1Iooon.). 11:30 _10,. ,.. '5al. $of,. .... --------------------~ 

I 
I 

Thursday,Octol'H"r 15. 1992 

KSIJT: Station promotes 
local music with concert 
ContInued from pace H1 
Custom Floor. 

These bands are used to 
playing together. and their mu ical 
style compliment one another. 
111e bands have received a fair 
amount of exposure on the local 
music scene. 

Drip Tank played recently at 
Dream Street in Ocean Beach 
with Truman's Water. Slake, Drip 
Tank 's latest release on Head 
Hunter Records is available at 
local record stores. 

The band aMiniature. which 
has a seven-inch plit single in 
stores now. has gone through 
many line-up changes. The only 
remaining member of the original 
line-up is vocali t-guitarist John 
Lee. aMiniature has done several 
national tours. and their current 
CD on the label Scheming 
Inte11igencia is described by Lee 
as sounding like "the Pixies meets 
the Replacements." 

Truman's Water is working on 
a compilation with CuslOm Floor 
to be released in the near future. 
Semancik said they are "the 
bigge t sleeper band in San Diego 
- they're the be t kept secret." 
Semancik also called them "a 
rollercoaster cacophony of 
sound." The band i known for the 
original artwork on their album 
leeves. 

Custom Floor will be playing 
without a bas i t on Friday. But 
vocalist-guitarist Garry Davi aid 
they will be like "the Cramp ." 
Davis described the band 's music 
as "original style, Sonic Youth-
esque guitar rock." Davis writes 
song about current events like 
AIDS and homelessness. 

Dark Globe has a self-released 
CD entitled Two-Headed Happi-
lIess. The band plays heavy music. 
and they orchestrated a compila-
tion of local music called Slaring 
af Ihe SUII . They have four 
cassettes and an album to their 
credit. They also have a new 
release in the works called 
Grudge. 

Drip Tank, Dark Globe. 
Truman's Water and. aMiniature 
are all featured on a seven-inch 
compilarion which is scheduled 
for release in November. 

After the evening of alternative 
and hard rock, the quarterly Univer-
sity of Califomia Radio Network 
Conference will officially com-
mence. 

The day will consist of meetings 
and panels to discuss an array of 
topics ranging from the death of 
public interest radio to a rap music 
panel. 

All of the UC campu es' radio 
personnel and crews from several 
state universities and private col-
leges are expected to attend. 

Saturday there will also be a 
poken word performance by 

Danny Weizman and Marisela 
one. The former Weizman. who 

wa bom in Israel. has been 
writing in Hollywood for many 
years. He started his own maga-
zine and was a frequent contribu-
tor to the LA. Weekly. 

None. also a writer, grew up in 
East LA. and traveled with a 
perfonnance group. She is usually 
accompanied by congas and 
bongos during her readings. Norte 
explores her Chicano.heritage in 
her work. 

Weizman and Norte speak at 8 
p.m. Saturday in the Price Center 
Ballroom. 

Thursday , Octobt'r 15. 199"2 Tt1l' UC D Cuardian 

M 0 Y If R E Y lEW 
Swoon: Kalin's fIlm is yet another rendition of 
Leopold and Loeb murder case from the 1920s 
By Yazmln Ghonalm 
Guardian Reporter 

What would you do with a chisel. 20 feet of rope. a 
typewriter and a 13 year-old boy? In Tom Kalin 's SWOOII. 
this is the situation two Jewish intellectuals find themselve~ 
in, and the film goes beyond the crime to analyze the 
characters themselves. 

The movie takes place in Chicago in the 1920s, at the 
end of World War I. The charucters are surrounded by the 
booming industries. culture and all that jazz. But the movie 
is not simply a period piece; it shows how two real 
characters made an impact on American history. 

While "angel face Leopold" and "mastennind Loeb" 
chiseled their names into fame, director Kalin eroticize. the 
couple's crime with police investigators' innuendoes of 
homosexuality in the '205. However. Kalin states thut this 
film "ltrie Ito work against heroizing or villianizing the 
characters." Leopold's love for Loeb becomes known. and 
Loeb become a famous criminal. The film i successful 
because it shows that the chara ters are very human. 

L1 L\TUS 5 

James Whilelfine Llf1e Features 
the viewer the sensation of floating. 

In his feature film directorial debut. Kalin renew~ on the 
screen the Leopold and Loeb case. Other adaptation of the 

~tory mclude COll1p/(I.~io" with Orsen Welles and Rope by 
Alfred Hitchcock. The case involved two high-class. young 
Jewish intellectuals who murdered Bobby Franks, a 13 
year-old boy in Chicago. SII'OOI/ is a "slice of history ... [of] 
two people who existed in the real world." Kalin said 
during a recent 

Cinematically, and relative to its title. SlI'oon moves in a 
swan-like motion. The camero pans continuously and gives 

Swoon is playing at the Hillcrest Cinema Complex . For 
more information. ca11 299-2100. 

Russell Athletic Is The World's Leading Manufacturer Of Team Uniforms And Athletic Apparel. Look For 
Russell Athletic In Sporting Goods Stores, College Bookstores And Fine Department Stores. Made In U. S. A. 

Heritage· Quality· Performance 

• 



611lATU n ... UC D Guardian Thursday,Octobt-r 15, 199"2 

RECORD REVIEWS 
Women Sound Off: New albums reflect recent political changes 
ByJeffN ..... 
Hiatus Editor 

1l1e fierce battle between three 
major presidential candidates i 
~haking up politic this election 
year. but the pre idency i not the 
only political battle being waged. 
Women are fighting for a place in 
government in greater numbers 
than ever before. l1le strides 
women are taking in pol itic are 
al'lO evident within popular 
cultu re. From "Murphy Brown" to 
Madonna. women are assert ing 
thei r independence. 

Within the realm of popular 
music alone. the year ha seen 
many stirring releases. Groups 
like L7 and Hole have released 
grunge rock albums which ri val 
the relea..es of Nirvana and Pearl 
Jam. The rap group TLC h~ 

~cored a Top Ten hit . and 
Madonna has an album/bOOk/ 
video in the works which is 
already Cfl U ing a tiro Recent 
rclea!>es by uzanne Vega. Sinead 
O'Connor and PJ. Ilarvey all deal 

with crucial women 's issues 
and provide more in ight 
into the way attitudes about 
women are changing. 

Suzanne Vega 
99.9F 
A&M Records 

On 99.9 F it sounds like 
Suzanne Vega was i n~pi red 
by the group DNA's remix 
of her ,ong "Tom', Diner." 
While most arti st~ are fil ing 
law ~uit!> and claiming their 
creati vi ty i being sapped by 
sampling, Vega was so 
pleased with the way DNA 
put a hip-hop beat behind her 
coffee-house ditty. she put 
out Wl entire album of 
version of "Tom' Diner." 

The best songs on 99.9 F are 
the experimental ne. "Blood 
Make Noise," a song about a 
patient (perhap:. :.uffering from 
AIDS) who hill trouble compre-
hending the impact of a doctor 's 

~ \ 
\ , 

Vega was 
inspired by DNA~ 

remix of 
"Tom ~ Diner. " 

diagno is. is pos ibly one of 
the best ingles of the year. 
Other songs. like the title-
track. deal with sickness as 
well. The cami¥alesque beat 
on "Monkey in the Middle" 
sounds almost like a Tom 
Waits' track in the way it 
incorporates quirky rflythms. 

Vega has a knack for 
penning highly literate and 
provocative lyrics. With the 
new mu ical direction of 99.9 
F. she shows she is no folkie 
bum-out. The farther left-of-
center Vega moves. the better 
she becomes. 

PJ Harvey 
Dry 
Indigo Records 

PJ Harvey ' Dry is being 
hailed as one of the brightest 
debut of the year. TIle band plays 
a very slow, but intense form of 
hard folk, much like what Kendm 
Smith did with Opal 's album 

Happy NiRhlmare Baby in 1987. 
Harvey is the lead singer and also 
play guitar and a wicked violin. 

On the first song. "Oh My 
Lover," he establishes some of 
the dichotomies of the album. TIle 
song is about a mblOge a Irois in 
which he urge her loverto love 
both her and Mother companion. , 

1be music on this album has an , 
erotic feel to it , and yet, on the 
song "Sheela-Na-Gig." Harvey 
makes it clear she isn' t going to 
obse over any male. She sings, I 
"I'm going to wash that man right , 
out of my hairlI ' ve heard it before I 
and no more/Going to take my 
hips to a man who cares. " 

Sinead O 'Connor 
Am I Not Your Girl? 
Chrysalis Records 

While this is the most tame 
album the shaved-headed Irish 
singer has released. it doesn't 
mean he has 10 t her ability to irk . 
During her recent performance on 
Salllrday Night Live . ~he per-

See SINEAD, page H 7 

REGGAE: 
Colotful crowd 
sways to music 
Continued from page H1 
was clear and very appealing. 
Add to it her arresting stage 
presence and vibrant music, and 
he had the crowd captivated. 

As the day progressed, more 
and more people staned flocking 
in and by the end of the evening 
there was a sizeable crowd. 

The crowd lent the concert 
color and atmosphere and 
comprised an interesting 
assortment of people from all age 
groups. 

People dressed in a variety of 
colors. l1le hard-core reggae fans 
wore beads. One man wore black 
jeans, a red shirt and a yellow 
wortman's helmet. Another man 
was throwing his child in the air 
in time to the music. These 
people gave the concert charac-
ter. 

What also made the crowd 
different from a typical audi-
ences was the absence of the 
violent energy which is usually 
present in many concert crowds. 
Even the people dancing made 
minimal use of bodily move-
ments. 

with special guest 

1bey were swaying rather 
than dancing. There were people 
strolling around, people lying on 
the grass, people swaying and 
people chatting with each other. 
It was all casual, peaceful 
entertainment. 

THE VIOLENT FEMMES 
SUNDAY 

OCTOBER 25 8PM 
SAN DIEGO 

SPORTS ARENA 

Toward the end. however, the 
crowd staned swelling in number 
and the dancing space was 
packed. By the time Foundation 
and Donovan made their 
appearances, the crowd was 
charged up. 

The music performed by 
Foundation was a fre h approach 
to the harmony trio. 

Donovan played to a very 
appreciative crowd and a lot of 
people were dancing by the time 
he finished. 

Thursday, October 15, 1992 

SINEAD: Not 
much drama on 
her new release 
ContInued from pa&e H6 
formed Bob Marley's "War" Ii 
capella Wld then announced that 
we need to fight the " real enemy." 
She proceeded to hold up a photo 
of the Pope and tear it to shreds. 

Unfortunately, there' nothing 
as dramatic on "Am I Not Your 
Girl?" The title-track is the best 
song on the album because it 
recounts the way succe s has been 
difficult for her. This song is the 
only one that has the same 
haunting feel as some of the track 
on her first album. "The Lion and 
theCobm." 

Although O'Connor's anempt 
at singing torch ballads has not 
been well received by the pres. 
But even though the album is a bit 
boring, she has the vocals to ju t 
about pull it off. She is backed by 
a 4O-piece orchestra on the album. 
Even though Lhey don't have 
much energy, ongs like "Black 
Coffee" and "Why Don't You Do 
Right?" have a lush, subdued feel 
to them. 

I ON-CAMPUS AT THE UCSD .. RICE CENTER I 
BECAUSE WE'RE NOW OPEN SATURDAYS 

let's celebrate with A SALE.!! 

FLORIST & 
FLOWER MARKET 

OpenNowOpenNowOpenNowOpenNow 

1 Dozen Gorgeous Blood-RED Fresh Local 

LONG STEM ROSES I 
Dressed up the way YOU like 'em and ready to KO!!! 

$ ·15.49 pusw 
Phone (619) 453-0880 to Reserve Yours Today 

Ut. 'fO<W ..,... Can!. CrW< Card. ,W>ONl a-tr. .. .-. pod or ,.-.0.. 

Bloomies' Now Open Sale Now On 
Mon-Fri 1 Oa-4:30p and Sat 11 a-3:30p 

n-.ks! Look for our new on-ampus delivery service, available soon! 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

The UC D Guardian II lATUS 7 

While thil; is the most tame 

album the shaved-headed 

Irish singer has released, it 

doesn't mean she has wst 

her ability to irk. 

lBWU\ RiCBRUS \ ~\Din 

~~ [I][E] [R1[jj][i]~rn~1 
--------~----------~~=======1 

BLIND MELON 
... aJNDMELOH 

lind ...... 

11_99 CD 7.99 CS 

PAUL WELLER 

... J 
11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

DAVID J 

URBANE 

'~.1"""'"O 
~ltil"-.. C:IT'f 

CoVlDtON 
THE CROSS 

HOAG ( CARIJI04AH 
I~EYEA \fIE~n TO 

NEW OAlE.M45 

THE HOUSE OF LOVE MARY'S DANISH 

11.99 CD 7_99 CS 

SUZANNE VEGA UTAH SAINTS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 8.99 CD 4.99 CS 

BLEACH LUCINDA WILLIAMS 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11_99 CD 7.99 CS 
~..,:; OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERYDA YI SALE ENOS 10/311112 

lDWiR RiCURnS \ ~\nin 
EL CAJON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
EL CAJON 
796 Fle1cher P. rtway 1oP£N ,.,... 10 tOf!MI 
-=roes from Perttwer ,... 
(619) 579·970 ' 

SPORTS ARENA 
3601 5pOf1s A,..na 6tvd .. a_ (619)224·3333 
,,_0 339JKlmpot 51 (619) 222· ms 

COLLEGE AREA .!!!I!!!I!!~!!!'i 
1140~ E' eo"," 8M! 
Mit to Art St. Poat Office 
MC_ .(6'9)267· 1420 
'1_0 18'9) 287, "134 

57/8 X 10 



liB IIIAT . '1'11(' UCSD Gllurdiull Thllrstluy, Ot'lollf'r 15. 11)1)2 

SHE ONLY WEARS THE 
COOLEST ACCESSORIES ... 
DI AMO NDS nol ••• I NSTEAD SHE 
OPTS fOR A MORE INDUSTRIAL APPROACH ... STRICTlY 
ORIGINAL .. 

MEET STRICTlY STERLING 
REPRESENTATIVE 
STEVE GEIGER, 

Saturday, October 17 from 
1000- 3.30 Let him show you 
our gr at s lectlon of styles 

Plus, enter a Win a three -
pi C ster lln silv r accessory 
set Unlver SI y Towne C ntr , 
In Th > Bla:,s Plum, on hr e, 

Shown rom ou r selection 
of sty les stel lin silver 

hoop a rn ngs, In SIX Sizes, 
400-1200 each Sterling 

silver ring s with lac onyx 
and other stones, 17.00-25.00 
each St rllng silver perfume 
bottles a d charm s on satin 

cords, 17.00-32.00 each. 
In The Bross Plum . 

Harlan Plaza, 239-1700, Fa,h'an Volley, 295·4441 , Unlver"ly Towne Cenlre. 457·4575, Norlh Caunly Fair, 740-0170 We welcome Ihe Amencan E.preu· Cord. 


