
University of Califomia, 
San Diego 

INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

UCSD Come True 
Roger Revelle used to 

look out over what is now 
UCSD and dream about 
what the campus could 
become. 111irty years later. 
UCSD is a nalionally-
recognized university and a 
bustling campus. How far 
has Revelle 's dream 
actually come? What about 
the campus he envisioned? 
It never existed / PAGE 4 

HiATUS 

Keeping 'Cool' 
Admit it. Your sights 

have wandered right around 
finals and are heading 
, trdight for summer. Check 
out HiaTUS' helpful guide to 
what's hot in the upcoming 
off-season in music, theater 
and ... Spain? Also, a look 
at "Patriot Games" (open-
ing Friday), starring 
Harrison Ford and Anne 
Archer. and a review ofL7 
/ PAGE H1 

SPORTS 

. SprIng In Review 
Spring '92 saw the bell 

ring thrice for women's 
water polo, baseball 
rebound from one of its 
worst seasons ever to a 
postseason bid and an 
unprecedented hammer-
throwing exhibition al the 
NCAA Divi~ion ill track 
and field championships / 
PAGE 20 

INDEX 
Opinion .................... . 
Lights and-Sirens ...... . 
Hiatus .................... 111. 
CJassifieds .•..••...•..• 18 
Sports .................... 20 

The UCSD 
THURSDAY-
June 4. ).992 
Vol. 76, No. 20 

Co-op Audit Shows Improprieties 
• General Store found to have best-kept book . 
Che Cafe documentation called 'non- xi tent' 
By Francisco DeVries 
Staff Wnter 

The UC D Office of Internal 
udit ye~terday relea.,ed its audit of 

all the U D student coopera ti ve~. 
finding "~eriou~ internul control 
weakne,~e, within the co-op~." 

dmini~tr;.lIion orticiub and co-
op repre~entative~ di~agreed on the 

seriousne~~ I' the audit'~ ~pecitic 
findi ngs. 

The long-awaiteu repon uncov-
ered lap~c~ in the bookkeeping und 
organil.4lti n of all the co-op~. but 
named the Gener.!1 tore a~ having 
the be~t overall bookkeeping and 

intell1alorganiLation. 
The he afe wa~ ci ted for al -

legedly failing to repon paYll1enh 
to ell1pl yees to the uni e r~ ity pa -
roll depanment. und therefore not 
reponing the eall1ing .... to the Inter-
nal Revenue Servicl·. The aud ll re-
pon ~tuted that documcntalion of 

tran~action .... at the he Cafl.! \Va .... 
"vinually n n-ex i~tcnt." 

The Food o-op wa~ found to 
have made 16 loans to it~ member ..... 
"ome as high a~ $1.~60. The autlit 
abo noted a lack of ~e paration of 
dutie~ which. uccording to the audi -
tors. could al l w f uu Ity recoru-keep-

UCSD Exposed 

, ..- . -, 

~ l' ' •. 
J ' ~ -

. ., 
, 
... 

. 1 . l -

- ,,., 
-, •• ~J~ 

. ., .. 

'. ~ "" .~A,. 

ing anu theft. 
The General Store Co-op re-

ceived th' bc~t evaluation. but ih 
record~ were not completely 'JX>I-
le~~ . Auuitof'. found one ill"tance of 
a loan to all employee. 

II the co-op" have reviewed the 
audih anu re~ronded to Ihem. wi th 
"everal promi"ing to correct thei, 
prohlc,m. 

Vice hance llorfor nde , gradu-
ate Affair"Jo~eph Wahon "a,u ),e,-
lerday that he wa, "di"appoinleu 
and \urpri~ed" by the auuit finuing'. 

'The problem ha\ to be Ii cd ... 
to protect the intere'>t~ofall ... tuuenl ' 
at SO: ' Wahon ,aiu. At thi, 
point. he ,aiu. the co-op" have 

See AUDIT, Pag 7 

Guardian Fde Ptoo:o 
Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate 
Affairs Joseph Watson 

Protestors May Face 
Disciplinary Action 
• Students in f e prot st at admini tration 
complex notified f c nduct violations 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
ASSOCiate News Edl/or 

Seven ~tudent' involved in a 
Mar. 6 fee prote~t have ocen 
charged with violation~ of thl: 
UCSD tudent Conuuct oue 
for bloc\"ing the doo[V,lay of an 
admlllbtrative office. allegedly 
endangering the ~afety of un, -

ver~ ity employee:-. inside. 
During the Friday uftemoon 

prote!>t. approx imatel y 150 ~ tu­
dents marched to the chancel-

lor' ~ complex and trieu to get 
ViceChancel lorofUndergradu-
ate Affair., Jo!>eph Watson to 
come out of his office and make 
a !>tatement. The prote~tors ~lOod 
on the sidewalk in front of the 
Undergraduate Affairs office. 

One student. UC Berkeley 
grad uate '!Udent Duniel 
Finkenthal. struggled with po-
lice officers in an attempt tohold 
the office door open and encour-
aged other protestors to enter. 

ll1ini'lration activille~. conduct 
that th,e:'lIen~ the health r :-.al'ct~ 
o I' any 1X!f'.onon unl vef'.i ly prop-
en)' ami failure to compl) \\ 1111 
the direction of UI1,vef'.lIy ollt-
c,al". 

hnl-.en thal. \\ ho " vi",tlllg 
SI) to un nuclear phy~'c\ 

re:-.earch. ":'IIU he -.ce:-. thecharge\ 
a" an "empty threat" and plan\ 
10 ignore them. 

"I'm not worrieu u, a "IU-
dent. r don't think other ~lUdenh 
"hould be worried ei ther." 
Fi nl-.enthal ~a id . "nli\ I~ Ithe 
aumini~tration'~1 allelllpt to 
~qua!>h ui~~ident~ on campu'> .... 
If Ithe charge~1 had any legal 
merit. they would have gone 
through the legal 'y~tem . " 

Finkenthul added that he 
thinks the charges will not hold 
,ince he i:-. not u UCSO ~tuden t. 
Aguilar. however. ,:'Iid that the 

univer~ity "absolutely" ha., the 
right to charge Finkenthal. a., a 
UC ~tuuent . with violution~ of 
the UCS D Student Conduct 
Code. 

The Che Cafe pr~sents UCSD Exposed, an exhibit chronicling the history 
of student protest at UCSD. 

According to a May 7 letter 
from Student Conduct Coordi-
nator Nicholas Aguilar, 
Finkenthal is being charged with 
four Student Conduct Code vio-
lations: unauthorized entry to or 
use of university property. ob-
<,tnlction or di!>ruption of ad-

Anotherprole:-'lor. nlird Col-
lege junior Alexi Villedrouin. 
~aid he recei ved u leIter fr III 
Third College Dean Francine 

See PROTESTORS, Page 8 

Cigarette Company Subpoenas UCsD Research 
• Confidentiality may be threatened by tobacco giant' 
request to see information on subjects for court battle 
By Lamine Secka 
Guardian Reporter 

The research material!> of Dr. 
John Pierce of the CSD Cancer 
Center h:.we been subpoenaed by 
cigarette manufacturer R.J . 
Reynolds. rai!>ing !>eriou!> que!>tion!> 
about the confidentiality of medicul 
studie . 

RJ . Reynold has subpoenaed 
research Pierce conducted at the 
UCSD Medical Center. in addition 
to studies done by doctors at two 
other in itution which focus on 
recent concerns that cigarette com-

panie~ are now targeting children 
with their adver~ti~ing campaign~. 

Pierce 's re~earch ~howed that 
children recognized "Joe Cool 
Camel" a!> easily a!> they did Mickey 

Mou~e, and that they were as famil-
iar with "Joe" a!> their parents were. 

The subpoena is in re!>pon!>e to a 
lawsuit filed by a woman in Sun 
Francisco claiming that shirts ~old 
by R.1. Reynold bearing the "Joe 
Cool Camel" figure do not have a 
warning about smoking hazards. 

All items advenising cigarettes 
must bear a warning about the pos-

~ ible health hazard ... they pre!>ent to 
users. 

Both Pierce and the univer.,ity 
luwyer repre enting him contend 
that RJ. Reynold~ already ha:, all 
the infonnation pertinent to it~ trial 
defen!>e. and thus does not need 
Pierce's materials. 

R.1. Reynold!> has the re~ult!> of 
the research conducted at all three 
in!>titution!>. ~aid Pierce's lawyer 
Andrea Re!>nick. Pierce said he be-
lieves the company now wants ac-
cess to the telephone numbers and 
addres!>es of the children who par-
ticipatedin the study. 

R.1. Reynolds. based in North 
Carolina. declined to comment on 

the cu.,e or it'> rea.\011 for the ... ub-
poena. The public relation ... depart-
ment added thut ~olllmellting would 
violate RJ . Reynold,>' policy of not 
auvcni~ing on college culllpu!>e .... 

R.J. Reyno ld ~' ~[loke~woman 
PeggyCarterdid ... ay that ani, people 
age 21 or over are targeted in the 
company' ... ad campaign!>. " It pain~ 
me that I can't comment more on 
the !lubject. We know that \~e're in 
the right:' ~he ~aiu . 

The other in titution!> involved 
in the ca!>e. Mas achu:.etts General 

Ho~pital and the Georgia Medical 
College have fought their ... ubpoe-
nas. with mixed re ult~. 

See CIGARETTES, Page 7 

• 



2 NEWS 

UCB Allocates Credit 
Union Space to the WRC 
By Francisco DeVries 
Staff Writer 

The Univer~ity Center Board 
( CB) voted unanimo~ly on Mon-
day night to grant bom the Women'!> 
Re:.ourceCenter(WR C) and the Gen-
eml Store Co-op's text k expan-
sion pace in the old Student Center. 

The plan calls for the former 
Student Credit Union space to be 
allocated to the WRC and for the 
nearby North Conference Room to 
be given to the General Store Cc>-
op. TIle North Conferenct: Room 
would be relocated to the second 
floor of the Student Center. into 
unused modular office space. 

The proposal was developed by 
UCB Chair Chri Burnett after he 
and several other board member 
met last Friday to look over the 
space allocation possibilitie ' at the 
Student Center. 

According to Burnett , the onl y 
;JdjuMment~ that would have to be 
made include building a wall to 
divide the modularofflce !>pacc und 
the removul of four cubicle~ on the 
second floor. The wull would -.epa-
rate the office ~ubici<:, from the 
c nference room. and w uld CO\t 
around $3,000. 

11lc plan d 'S not al ter the 'p..1Ce 
;J] lucallon of any ,twent organimllon 
currently located on the ~'Cond fl r. 

The propo,al W;l~ P;,,\cJ n the 
condition that the conferenl:e r m 
be open u\ a lounge area ~\ hen not 
re,ervcd for meellng'. 

The ;Jdmini\t rJtlon. hov.ever. ha. ... 
not yet agreed to allow the alloca-
II n. "bl;mt Vice h;mcel\or for 
Student Program~ and Facilitie, 
Tom Tucl.e r ~aid that he ha~ not 
seen anything official from the UCB. 
and "space allocation recomrnen-

dation must be ~igned b) the direc-
I r." 

Univen.IlY Center Dire tor Ji m 
Olrruther; will be out of town until 
next week, but Tucker autioned 
that Carruthers would almo t cer-
tainly not allow the proposed ex-
pansion of the Geneml tore until 
the current disagreement between 
the co-op. and the admi ni tr.ltion 
are worked OUI. 

Repre:.entatives from the WRC 
were clearly pleased with the allo-
cation. " Not onl y does the credit 
union prOVide me necessary space ... 
but abo the environment at the stu -
de nt center is more conducive to the 
ideas and neces~ities ofthe Women'~ 
Resource Center," WRC spokes-
woman Rachel Molander said dur-
ing the meeting. 

Gener-II Store Co-op representa-
tive Jeff orbett wa~ abo happy 
wi th the U B decision. "We think 
I the propo,all i\ excellent. .. we 
w ulddetinitclylikclOscctheWR 
join u~ in the Student enter," he 
told the board during deliber.ltions. 

According to thc agreement , the 
General Store would be required to 
pily for rent in the orth Conference 
Room at the ~ame ~qU:lrc footage 
rate it currently pay~ a, ~oon a, the 
co-op e:\len,ion op.!n ... forbu ... ines~. 

Babette Bcrione~. who had prc>-
po,cd u\ing the credi t union ~pace 
for (I hair ... alon. howevcr. called the 
board's deci~ion "irrational." 

Berione~' ~poke ... manJohn agy 
,aid that pia ing the WRC III the 
... pace was akin to pULLing a "lounge 
III the middle f Mi ~ I n Valley 

hopping enter." 
Berione!> said ~he il> con~ldering 

applyi ng forthe WRC'sold5pace in 
the Price entcr. 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 4, 1992 

Schenk, Jarvis Win Party Nomination 
By PhIlip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Democmt Lynn Schenk and Republican Judy 
Jarvis will square off in ovember after wInning 
their rc~pective parties' congress ional primaries on 
Tuesday night . 

SchenkandJarvi .twolocalareabu ine ~women , 
are running to represent the 49th congressional 
di trict, an area that in ludes the UCSD campu ,as 
well as Clairemont and Mission Valley. 

John Wallner, the Libertarian candidate, and 
Milton Zaslow of the Peace and Freedom Party also 
qualified for the November geneml election. Both 
Wallner and Zaslow ran unopposed in their parties' 
primaries. 

Schenk captured over 50 percent of the vote, 
twice the total of her nearest competitor, public law 
advocate Byron Georgiou. In a closer race, Jarvis 
received 22 percent of the vote. beating out Alan 
Uke, who received 18 percent. 

'The men and women of this community and the 
men and women of this country want change in the 
way government i run," said Schenk. who com-
pared her ~u ce~s to that of Democratic U.S. Senate 
primary winners Barbara Boxer and Dianne 

Fein!.tein. twO pro-Choice candidates. 
Beside. receiving support from pro-choice 

groups, Schenk was also endorsed by the AFL-CIO. 
According to Matt McKinnon of the AFL-CIO, 
union representati ves offered very strong suppon to 
Schenk, as well as to 50th district primary victor Bob 
Filner and Democratic presidential candidate Bill 
Clinton. 

In her campaign, Schenk tressed her 
committment to higher education. 

"We have in the UC ystem and the state college 
sy tern a unique system to produce leaders for the 
future. The visionaries of the past saw that.... We 
have to make sure thaI it doesn' t disintegrate," 
Schenk said. 

Jarvis attributed her own success to a gr..lss-roots 
effort, a str.ltegy he inlends to follow through 
November. 

"I'm absolutely forre-routing money intoeduca-
tion , but I don't think government should fully pay 
for education. But we'll be trying 10 spend money 
that' s already there," Jarvis said. 

Educalion was a dominant theme at San Diego's 
Golden Hall, where the primary results from through-

See ELECTION, Page 9 

Proposition for UC Funding Passes 
By Karen Cheng 
Staff Writer 

Proposi tion 153. a 900 million bond issue to 
fund conMruction and improvement of California 
public ollcge and univcn.ity faci lities. passed in 
Tue~day' ~ primar), by the narrow margin of 51-49 
p.!rcent. 

Proposi tion 152, another bond issue for $1.9 
billion to be used forcoostruction of public elemen-
tary chools, al~o narrowly pas cd. by a margin of 
53-47 perccnt. A similar measure which would have 
provided fora$450million bond is ue, was rejected 
by California votcrs in 1990. 

University of California Student Assoc iation 
(UCSA) Executive Director Lee Butterfield said 
that. although the margins of victory were small, 
"The attitude I get i that thestateofCali fomia really 
treasures both elementary and higher education. and 

think that it i a nece ity for future gener.ltion ." 
Propo ition l53 authorizes the state to se ll $900 

million in general obligation bonds for California 's 
public college and univer!.i tie . 

General obligation bond~ are backed by the ~tate, 
meaning that the state is requi red to pay the principal 
and intere t costs on those bonds. General Fund 
revenues. which would come primarily from state 
in ome tux. sale tax and corporate profiltax, would 
be used to pay these cost . 

The bond money would be used to consrruct and 
equip new buildings and alter existing buildings. 

The governor and the state legiSlature would 
decide how to spend the bond money. However, the 
measure prohibits the expenditure of the bond pro-
ceeds for the acquistion of land for, or development 
of, new campuses. 

See PRDPOSmON, Page 8 

Weekend Weather Watch GUAKI)IAN 
• The temperatures for Fnday, 
Saturday, and Sunday in San 
Diego County: 

Source Dan Atkins. NalrOnai Wealher ServICe 

Surf (Feet) 
1-3 
Period (Seconds) 
12 

Swell 
Direction 
W 

Average temJ1er-
atures for 
se./air are: 

67/70 

Katie RoeiGuardlMl 

JASON SNEU, ElItor In Chief 
PETER KO, ManagIiW ElItor 
BEN BOYCHUK, ()pi1bJ ElItor 
MIGUB. BUCKENMEYER, AS5O('1ate Hiatus EdtOI' 
JAMES COWER, DesCh EdItoI 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy EdItor 
BEN FRBJND, Associate Spectacle ElItor 
MARY BETTY HEARD, News Editor 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, Associate Copy Editor 
SUE MAPES, Associate Photo ElItor 
MEL MARCELO, Graphics EI:Itor 
DAN MCDOWELL, Photo EdItoI 
PHIUP MICHAB.S, A.ssoclate 0pnI0n ElIitor 
KEN PERlMAN, Spotts EdItoI 
ANGB.A ROVA, Spectacle ElItor 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Assoclate News ElItor 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, Assoclate News EdItor 
WILEEN WONG, Associate Hiatus ElItor 
GREGG WRENN, Associate ~ ElItor 
Senior St.f' Writ.,.: a')'8n olas . Jenny Gallng. Josh Odlna. 
Chns Regnier. 8ren Rhyne. Matthew RObinson. Michael SthW8rtZ. 
Paul Bishop Sklbluka 
5"''' Wrltefl: Deb,. BronsteIn. K.ren Cheng, Justine COCan. SteQllanie 

O~nford . FranciSCO OeVnes. Joanne Donahoe. Ben EIB,n. Dan Gebter, Kirsten 
Halverson. Don Krauss. Marissa Lee. Errea Maren5CheJn. Ther ... Moore. 
Scon OkamOto. SUzanne Phon. SUzanne PonJsh. TrKi f'owell . John R .... . Ka,. 
Saul. aree Se&el . OOVld Snow. Ted SUnoo. John S .... ney 
__ tanto ChrIS Regnrer 
IU .. _ : Ron cae ... Rose' Kuo. Clrin Lew. LeIII' AnneMcCOM""",ey.L.S. 
Mulvaney. Adriano Murioz. Ryuta NakaJima. Katy Roe. Marc Uptercr_ 
PIIotoCt ... .., Ale. KJyusner. 5301 LIMne. Paul MlCiley. ChuCk NgUyen. 
Jennifer Vann. Amy llot 

~ 11_: MIcheIIeCl1lang, MonICa GouiV>. Monro. Rooch. JesS>e Sprl"Ce, 

BOB OeANDREA, BusIness MMC« 
MICHAB. FOULKS, AdwtttI8InC "''''''' MIKE MARTINEZ, AdwtttI8InC DesIIner 
E, LEIGH HENRY, C,..",. ReptesentatIve 
-.....". II1II ... GoIrt Fenerc:n.1Ier ~. I.rsa Mane_ 
-..... __ Meyer. Po<*>v_ 

~ Joe Lee. _ Sherr 

IIIrI.CSO_ S~""""''''"""",",, ''''''_''''b!'''Ior''' "_oIUCSO.~oI",,_ ......... _,,_ ... __ _ 
• ...., ,"",*",. 0 1'112 . .. .,.. _ lilt I.CSO _ ... _lor "" _ " 
__ "' ... IIIt ___ ................ _._ ...... 
,........,_""_oIlIIrl.CSO"--!-.. ~"~,,"" __ 

SI_lIIrt.CSO_.~IGIoII b! ........ IIIt ....... iI_IIlIWM""_1q' 
~: J:I44SIO, ......... otIce: ~, F.a: A4-71Ift 
UCSD GIIlIIfIIIM, 9500 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
__ : __ .ucso __ .... ·• · 

Thursday, JWlC 4, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Graduate Student Family Angered Over Freeway Protest Hardship 
By Bree Segel 
Staff Writer 

TIle Rodney King verdict pre>-
test staged by UCSD students on 
Interstate 5 May I had repercus-
sions extending beyond conflicts 
with the police. 

Heidi Schmidt, wife of UCSD 
graduate student Guillermo 
Gutierrez, said in a recent interview 
that because of~~he length of the 
tr.lffic jam, her car was ticketed and 
towed, costing her over $200. 

When told Schmidt's story, some 
students who had protested on the 
highway said they sympathized with 
her. but felt that the r..llly on 1-5 was 

justified, peaceful and successful. 
Schmidt said she received word 

thai day that there was a bomb threat 
at her children's day care center on 
campus and drove to UCSD to pick 
them up. 

Upon leaving campus, she be-
came stllCk in Ihe tr.lffic jam leading 
on to the freeway where students 
were holding their sit-in. 

When she realized her car was 
running out of gas, she parked on 
lheshoulderofthe road and walked 
to a gas stalion. By the time she 
returned with gasoline, her car had 
been towed to a downtown gar.lge, 
Schmidt said. 

With the garage closed for the 
weekend, Schmidt was unable to 
pick up her car until Monday. She 
said she was charged for a parking 
ticket and a $200 towing fee, which 
she said is a large sum fora gr.lduate 
student family . 

"The problem I had isn't anything 
compared to thai in L.A., but we can't 
avenge problems by making more 
problems," Schmidt said, adding that 
"it's not good to have injustice, but 
there [were J so many il~ustices COI11 -
mined because of one injustice." 

Schmidt felt that student protest-
ors cou ld huve demonstrated their 
concerns without causing so many 

ASE Seeks Majority Status Recognition 
By Mary Betty Heard 
News Editor 

The UCSD Association of Stu-
dent Employees (ASE) last week 
sent the membership cards of over 
1,000 members to the California 
Public Employee Relations Board 
(PERB) in an attempt to gain recog-
nition of majority status. 

If PERB agrees that ASE has a 
majority ofUCSD graduate student 
employees as members, then ASE 
would technically achieve the abil-
ity to bargain collectively with the 
university. 

However, due to the am biguity 
of the Higher Education Employee 
Relations Act (HEERA), which 
governs the unionization of aca-
demic employees, the University of 
Cali Fornia may not recognize 
UCSO's ASE as having collective 
bargaining. status. 

According to UCSD ASE Lead 
Organizer and gmduate student John 
Sullivan, PERB wiii compareASE's 
membership list to the unive rsi ty' s 
list of teaching assistants, research 
assistants and associates to deter-
mine if ASE truly has majority sta-
tusamong gmduatestudent employ-
ees. Sullivan said that the group 
believes 80 percent of gnlduate stu-
dent employees are ASE members. 

ASE expects to recei ve final rec-
ognition from PERB by the cnd of 
June, Sullivan said . 

If ASE receives recognition of 
rnajority statu from PERB, how-
ever, it still may not be recogni zed 
as having collective bargaining sta-
tus by the UCSD adminislration. 
The UC administration and UC 
graduate students di sagree over 
whether the HEERA also covers 
gmduate student employees. 

Michael Melman, the manager 
ofUCSD's Labor Relations Board, 
said yesterday that the university 
wiii not recognize the majority , ta-
tus ifit is granted by PERB. Accord-
ing to Melman, the university will 
al so not recognize District 65 Uni-
ted Auto Workers, of which ASE is 
amernber,asabargaining represen-
tative at the university level. 

However, he sa id that when indi -
vidual graduate students have em-
ployee concerns with the un iver-
si ty, they can be represented by ASE 
or UA W members. a lawyer or 
whomever they wish. 

The dispute over whether gradu-
ate students should be included un-
der HEERA began when the gradu-
ate student employees at UC Berke-
ley, as the Association ofGmduate 
Student Employees (AGSE). beg;]n 

See ASE, Page 9 

UCSD SUMMER 
SPECIAL 

250/0 OFF ANY size storage unit 
with this ad 

. .. 
, N 

UC ;; 
I , 
.. 

i 
o 

.112_Il0l. 
• aCoIboI 

at 
Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Ad. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

'La Jolla VIl~ Dr. 
• 

Miramar Rd. 
I 549·0500 

UNDIIGUDUArl5' 
DON', 'olon 

To KIIP YOUI BoD 
COYlIlD Wmt 

SUMMII SICKNESS 
& ACCIDENT INSUUNCE 

It's eHective while traveling or staying home ••• 
protects continuity of coverage 

Registered Spring students, Summer students and 
June graduates are eligible to purchase insurance. 

STUDENT $167.00. SPOUSE $210.00. CHILDREN $142.00 

ENROLLING NOW until July 14th 
informa~on and applica~ons are available at 

Student Health Center • 0039 • 534-2123 

difficulties for those people who 
were not involved. 

Muir College sophomore Mark 
Metzgersympathized. saying"1 feel 
sorry for people who were hurt by 
what we did," but he also said the 
prote. t was entirely justified. 

"We wanted to prove to the world 
that things can be done non-vic>-
lently. People can make a point with-
out destroying things. We accom-
plished that," he said. 

Fifth College first-year student 
Susana Tsang, whoalso protested at 
the sit-in, said, "I'm sorry about 
what happened to ISchmidtJ. but 
the two hours we spent [protesting) 

were completely peaceful. We pro-
tested from one to three in the after-
noon when it isn't the busiest time 
on the freeway. We were succe~s­
ful, we were heard, we got our point 
across. and there was no other way 
to get what we got done." 

Metzger agreed with Tsang, 
saying,"We were peaceful. we were 
effective. It was a hassle to a lot of 
people, but we were practicing civi l 
disobedience straight from the teach-
ings of Ghandi and Manin Luther 
King." 

The protestors left 1-5 when 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson agreed 
to meet with thern. 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND I'OPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

MeA T 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 

• The * 1 MCAT course In San Diego! 
• The ~ documented MCAT scores 
, ~ of proven success 
· The only course run by people in medicine. MCAT prep is 
our specialty and it's all we dol 

· Taught by top UCSD faculty and M.D.-PhD candidates 
who are experts in intensive MCAT prep 

· Taught on campus at the Medical School 
, Lectures, workshops, small study groups and free tutoring 
, Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW E.NROLLING FOR SUMMER '92 fl!lG CALL (619)456-4848 



4 OPINION 

INTERV EW 
Revelle Reviews the 
Course of UCSD 
The follc7.vlng is an excetpt from an InteMeW WIth 
Roger Revelle conducted by Dr. Kathl}f1 Ringrose In 
May 1985 as part of the UCSD 25th Anntversal)l 
Oral Hlstoty ProJect 

What w. your oriCInaIldea about the coIleCes? 
Would each have a ..vfyIrc theme? 

I thought that each would hCl'Ye en<x.Jf)1 
departments. about 12 departments, to offer a 
good liberal education for undergraduates. and that 
each depaltment would be big enougtl to gtve the 
Ph.D. DIfferent oolleges would hCl'Ye different 
depaltments, 
It's an excellent plan, aItIIoI.Ch It didn't WOIt! out. 
How far did you feel you Cot wItIIlt? 

It never worked out And the reason It d,dn't 
work out IS that COllege professors. urwersity 
professors. are essentially journeyman profesSIon-
als. They're nat very much interested in the 
unIVersity they are anached to at any particular time. 
They're interested in their discipline. 
It· s what your coMeagues think, that's rIgtrt. You 
want to be with them, and interact with them. 

So the college Idea really never caugI1t on very 
well . It dldn't take hold very much from the 
standPOint of the faculty, Theilloyatlies were to thetr 
departments and to their disciplines. They didn't 
want relatJvely small departments as Units of 
COlleges. but large. free-standl~ departments. 
covenng all the relevant sutxlISCtptines .... [The 
OOllege system] IS a wondenulldea, but illsn't 
realiStic. 
It's somethilg tile faculty would not allow to 
happen. 

But nevertheless. It tums out that the oolleges 
do hCl'Ye a function .... They gtve the students a 
sense of IdentJty. I am most familiar With Revelle 
College; they give a lot of tender lOVIng care to their 
students. arid hCl'Ye a lot of student commlnees and 
a lot of partlclpalion If1 college affairs by the 
students .. .. 
Do you feel that ¥1 the long M1 the development of 
the area aroood the campus is going to create 
serious problems /0( the univelSity? 

I think so, Sure. It's going to be like Westwood. 
However. thank God for the foreSight of the regents. 
who InSisted on a thousand acres of land, In fact. 
we hCl'Ye more than a thousand acres. and so we 
have a chance to develop faculty houSing at least, 
and other amenities for the students on more or 
less our own property, I was very unhappy about 
[Black Horse Farms and the planned Site of a Ritz· 
Cartton luxury hotel] .... What they're gOing to do With 
n IS build a convention center. We need a 
convention center like a hole In the head. What we 
do need IS faculty housing and stores for the 
students - beer stores. clothing stores. restau-
rants ... 

I often feel that maybe I made a mistake putting 
thiS campus here .... I'd been a graduate student at 
Berkeley, and I love Berkeley. It's a marvelous 
place. It's one of the wortd's greatest places. And 
one of the great things about It IS Telegraph and 
Bancroft. the area around the campus where the 
students can be themselves. There are restaurants, 
and beer joints, and Clothll~ stores. and bookstores 
and record shops - and everything to make 
students happy. ArId that's why they are happy at 
Berkeley. In fact - one of the reasons. at least 

The Board at Trustees at Washington UnIVersity 
at SL louis asked me to become chancellor 
there .... Certilln thlflgS really turned me off ... they 
had na Telegraph arid Bancroft. They had no place 
for the students. It was a oommuter unIVersity. with 
no real campus life. and it seemed to me that was 
mposslble. And so I hoped that something here -
at that lJme ~ was sull possible - that something 
could have happened here that would have been 
appropriate for the students. Either there in La Jolla 
Farms, or just south of here - just southeast of 
here. But ~ has never happened here. either. 
What do you think has bec:ome 01 the uniYefsIty 
!IV« the years? 

It's nat as good. It seems to be. on the whole 

OPINION 
The UCSD Guardian 

HIuSUallOllS by Roger KuoIGJardan 

COMMENTARY 

STATE OF 
THEDRE 

By Jason Snell, Senior Staff Writer 
In the late 1950s, Roger ReveUe would stand 
on a fallen chimney and look out over what 
would become the UCSD campus. He 
would bring potential faculty members 
there, to a beautiful vista on the highest point 

on the beach ridge, and tell them about his dreams for what 
th campus could become. 

More than 30 year later, there' a bustling university cam-
pu itting on that ridge. It's one that receives all sorts of 
favorable mention in magazine like U.S. News and World 
Report and The American Spec/atOl: The Long Island-based 
new paper Newsday u ed UCSD' ucce a an example of 
how the State University of New York ystem had gone astray. 

Money pours into this campu on the cliff - enough 
money to make it perhaps the mo t successful American 
univer ity founded after World War II. 

And the university Roger Revelle dreamed about from his 
perch on the beach ridge 30 years ago? 

ft doesn't exist. See REVELLE, Page 5 

Thursday, JW1e 4,1992 

the distinction of the faculty is not as great as it 
used to be, Maybe that's inevitable, but ~·s nat 
entirely just because of lack of money. It·s because 
of lack 01- well - I guess lack of ability to choose 
good people, for whatever reason. partly bec<iuse 
of lack of leadership in the departments, You see 
the University of Califomia in general says that 
being a department chailTllan is just a chore. nat 
an opportunity. It is also partly due to lack of 
money. of course. because they haven't been able 
to offer very high salaries .... 

How are we going to make the place oome back 
to being a first1clte place? It seems to me it's 
possible that it's having a kind of mid-1ife crisis. It 
may get over it atter awhile. Nothing becomes a 
university more than age. The older they are the 
bener they are. usually, and that may happen here, 
too. We hCl'Ye a wondenul physical environment, but 
nat a very good intellectual envirorvnent in San 
Diego. I used to say that San Diego could be the 
Boston of Califomia eventually. but it doesn't seem 
to be happening very fast Boston is a wonderfui 
city. and a place that 'Ne would do well to emulate, 
full of educational institutions, fu ll of hiV)l ideals -
quite liberal politically. We're doing very well in 
terms of research support, particularly in the 
sciences, aIthouV)l probably not as well as we used 
to. We're doing very well in terms of ~ high-
tech industry to San Diego. I don't think we're doing 
so well in the humanities. 
How do you ~re IIICC:esa for a uMersIty or 
Iora~ 

What universities are usually judged by is 
reputation. This is sort of a circular statement 
Some universities are universally agreed to be great 
universities. like HaMlrd and Berkeley. Some are 
universally agreed to be mediocre, like USC. Some 
are in between - like UCSD and UCLA Stanford is 
a great university (!(}N. too. You know, there are all 
sorts of quantitative measures. In science there are 
measures like Nobel Prizes. membership in the 
National Academy of Sciences and the American 
Philosophical Society. I would say that in terms of 
the quality of the graduates. the sw:ess of the 
graduates, maybe Harvard is the best - at least it 
is in many fields. In terms of the distinction of the 
faculty, Berkeley and Harvard are about equal. One 
of the reasons why Berkeley doesn't shine as much 
as Harvard in terms of its graduates is that it's 
virtually free oompared to HaMlrd, so it has a lot of 
poor people oorne to it. many of whom become 
school teachers. You don't ever get rich being a 
school teacher. I don't think you can judge a 
university on any of these quantitative bases and 
make very good sense out of it It's basically how 
people feel about it. 
Do you feel optimistic: for the future? 

Yes. I do .... The only ways we can go are up, or 
down. We 're obviously not going to stay where we 
are. And money helps an awful lot in a university. If 
you have enough money you can do almost 
anything. That's a cynical thing to say. but my 
lifetime experience has been that the number one 
problem with a university is money. We're nat doing 
too badly on the money new. Dturing the last ten 
years or so we were doing very badly. so that· s a 
big help in the right direction. I think Dick Atkinson 
is a thoughtful chancellor who is really very much 
concemed about the place. He works hard at it I'm 
nat sure he's particulal1y good at it. but he certainly 
is thoroughly oommined. He feels his reputation 
hangs on it pretty much. 
It's cIeIW you think that you don't live In I5oIatlon 
In a university. 

I always felt that .... And I feel very badly about 
the Golden Triargle. It's a terrible development 
from the standpoint of the university. I guess the 
main th i~ I feel about the surrounding community 
is that ~ ought to be ... a place that faculty 
members like to live in and are welcomed in, and 
haPP'J' in .... What happens to our faculty is that 
they're scattered allover hell's half acre .... My 
ideal would be ~ every faculty member lived within a 
mile of the campus. pretty much the way it is at 
Harvard .... 

Faculty should have a lot more contact with 
their students. undelgtaduates as well as 
graduates, not formally in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. but in people' s homes. To some extent. 
that's done at Re't'eIle College. Not so much with 
the faclAty, but with the provost and his staff .... 
They spend a lot of time thinking about the 
students. working with them. They are very good at 
it. It's a great thire to do. You were aski~ me what 
are my criteria for a great lXliversity? One of the 
criteria is that the students love it. 

Thursda)', JWlC 4,1992 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

REVELLE 
Continued from pace 4 

When Roger Revelle died last July, almost everyone 
noted that the only thing aI UCSD named for him was the 
first undergraduate college. And even at Revelle College, 
there were no plaques commemorating him, no large signs 
trumpeting the Revelle name. 

STATE OF 
THE DREAM 

campu), he worked to create. Even the univer..ity it~elf 
allow), the con~tru tioll of a lUXU ry Ritz-Carlton hotel on 11\ 
property. No doubt t"lIt will be a pre~ence that will benetit 
l>tudents and the quali ty of life at UCSD. 

Research and Teaching 
The Americall Specrutor article about UCS D make\ a 

strong point about all the grousing students here do about 
thei r campus: while they may feel that the social a\pect~ of 
the ~chool are weak, mo~t feel that they're getting a decent 
educati on. 

Only an undergraduate college is left to represent Roger 
Revelle. And ironically, the undergraduate college system 
is one of the ways UCSD has failed to live up to Revelle's 
dream. 

1l1e originakonceplion for UCSD's colleges was 
modeled on the Princelon University model - several 
(Revelle envisioned four) separate colleges concentrating in 
certain disciplines. One college would focus on science and 
engineering. another on art and architecture and so on. The 
colleges would have undergraduates and graduate student~. 
working together with faculty members. 

Instead, UCSD's college system has become little more 
than five sepamte undergraduate housing clusters with 
different general education requirements. Colleges now 
affect studen ts. for the mo t part, only during the first 
couple years of their lives at UCSD. Faculty members who 
were supposed to feel ties to the tudents of their college 
are now sequestered away in departments with others who 
work in the same discipline. 

When the Spectator's reporter. Ed Norden. a.\ked me 
about the campus. I said essentially the same th ing. For all 
its faults. UCSD does provide u fairly solid education. 

For that. we probably have to thank Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson. It is Atkinson who has acted as a top public 
rel,lt ions man for the university. He has acquired vast 
amounts of funding for research projects and ha~ attracted 
top researchers and faculty members to the campus. In 
some fields, UCSD i~ among the top " places to be" in all of 
higher education. And no doubt a lot of that rub~ off on 
students - gmduate student)" to be ~ure, but perhap~ 
undergraduates ,l<; well. 

Too often the argument becol1le~ a que~ t ion of re~eurch 
versus teaChing. It·s a simplistic argument. because one 
never has to eclip~e the existence of the other. UCSD ClIII 
be both a research center and a place for teaching. 

But !>tanding on that fallen chimney. Roger Revelle ),aw 
that there'~ morc to a great univcr..ity than ju~t research. 
more to a great university than ju~t the quality of the 
education in the classroom~ and labomtories. 

Of course, even the weak college system lit UCSD has 
advantages over no college system at all: smaller colleges 
mean more one-on-one attention from counselors and 
deans. They offer a smaller on-campus residence hall 
community. 

can still feel the sting of La lolla' s "wealthy seaside 
enclave" mentality. 

UCSD today. wilh a weal" college ~y~ tem, i~ far more 
imper~on;J1 than it had to be. And though !>l11all pockct~ of 
community pop lip. mo~t1y due to the work at the under-
graduale collegel>. ),uch community il> overwhelmed by the 
void outside the CSD campu),. 

Students don't have to come out of high school and 
become part of a 12,OOO-student mass - instead, they 
begin as part of the less intimidating 2.000-slUdent college. 

Where UCSD's colleges excel, then , is in providing a 
sense of community for new students. Given the world 
surrounding UCSD's walls, it 's the most important service 
the colleges can contribute. Roger Reve ll e never dreamed 
how important that service would be. 

The attempt to create a univer..ity community. then. 
shifted to what is now called University ity. TI1C namc 
University City might conjure up images of storcs catering 
to college students' needs, row!> of house!> and apartments 
populated by ~ tudents - a community on par with. for 
example, Bancroft and Telegraph in Berkeley or University 
Avenue in Seattle. 

In the end. this i!> a ~oulle!>l> place. Student!> enter and. 
four to !>ix years later, exit with a degree and a caillpus-
~ized gap in their memory. 

la Jolla - Then and Now . 
Colleges try to create a sense of community because of 

the vacuum that is La Jolla and Universi ty City. Revelle 
fought to have the campus placed here, near the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, when others preferred a more 
urban location. In the end, Reve lle wondered if puning 
UCSD in La Jolla was a terrible mistake. 

But in reality. "University City" is nothing more than a 
cruel joke. It ' La Jolla East, an expensive arca in the n rth 
part of San Diego, but not as expensive as La 10lla proper. 
A cluster of stores near San Diego State shows where that 
area's economy is geared: just about every ~hop seems to 
have the word "Aztec" or "College" in the tirle. 

Not one person i at fa ul t. Tho~c who cho~e La l olla as 
the si te for a campus, who planned the Univer.-.ity Ci ty 
development. who chol>e to use univen,i ty land for lUXUry 
hotels have all contributed to what has become of the 
Univen, ityof alifomia, San Diego. 

It certa in ly can g ive students a good education. to be 
sure. And it de 'erves to be ranked among the be~t -quality 
educationfacrori('s in the count ry. And the stores closest to UCSD? Chain stores, upscale 

department stores - nothing for students. But a great univer..ity'l Not by a long )'hol. 
If San Diego. not Los Angele .• was the entertai nment 

capital of the world. perhaps the latest hit teen TV show 
would be called La Jolla, 92038. UCSD s it just up the hill 
from Beverly Hills South. a comm-unity dominated byold. 
rich xenophobes. When the campu was in the planning 
stages, Revelle had to create a special faculty housing 
development because the La Jollans didn't allow Jews in 
theirtown. 

It seems that this failure is what saddened Roger Revelle 
the most. He went to school at Berkeley. Every time he 
went back there, he felt a chill run up his spine - it W;l\ a 
place of learning. a placejl)/' sllIdellll. 

No More Trees, No More Ribbons 
One of Roger Revelle'~ favori te romantic storic!> about 

the early days of UCSD involved the con~truction of what 
is now the Revelle campUl>. Before comtruction crews were 
to begin cu tting down t ree~ on that ~ite. Revelle went there 
and tied colored ribbons around tree~ he though,t were 
particularly beautiful and wanted to save. 

Revelle was once offered the chancellorship at Washing-
Ion University in St. Louis. One of the reasons he turned it 
down? It was a commuter school. There was no university 
community. 

These day that prohibition is gone, but college students And that's exactly what has become of the San Diego 
It's 30 years later. The university has come to fruition . 
And nobody ties ribbon~ anymore. 

LETTERS T 0 THE E D ITO R 

ROTC Must Be Removed From Campus 
Editor' s Note: The/of/owing isa leiter wriltell 
by Political Sciellce Professor Peter /rolls to 
Challcel/or Richard Atkinson on May 28. 
Chancellor Atkinson: 

I am writing as a concerned faculty mem-
berto urge that you take the necessary steps to 
terminale any official UCSD involvement 
with the Reserve Officer Tmining Corps 
(ROTC) program of the U.S. Army, Navy and 
Air Force. These programs operate in viola-
tion of the pirit and leuer of university regu-
lations and policies that you are committed 10 
enforce. All three of the ROTC programs 
discriminate on the basis of sexual preference, 
contrary to UCSD policy. 

It is official UCS D policy, stated in Section 
200.1 of the Policy and Procedure Manual, 
that there be no discrimination in university 
employment on the basis of sexual orienta-
tion. This policy should apply equally to all 
students and student programs as well; it 
would be wrong to apply different standards 
of non-discrimination to members of the uni-
versity community. 

]n addition, Section 160-4 of the PPM 
states that UCSD "shall not engage in any 
discriminatory prJctices involving students" 
that are barred by university policy. Included 
in the categories of groups that are protected 
by this policy, in addition to the li sted catego-
ries in that section , is "any other" category as 
defined by university policy. The extensionof 

this policy to include protection of gay and 
lesbian students against di scrimination is 
clearly required by this policy. 

Enforcement of these policies against di s-
crimination is yourpersonaJ responsibility as 
chancellor, as stated in Section 160-4 of the 
PPM: "This is UCSD's institutional commit-
ment and the personal commitment of it 
chancellor. Failure to fully execute these Stu-
dent Affirmative Action policies and proce-
dures will not be tolerated." 

Although the ROTC programs are con-
ducted on other campuses, academic credit is 
conferred by UCSD for participation in the 
programs. In addition, ROTC members have 
organized the 00 Yacht Club at UCSD, which 
is required by military policy to discriminate 
on the basis of sexual orientation. Both the 
ROTC programs and related activities clearly 
violate the stated policy of the university, 
communicated to all students in the official 
Univers ity Catalog on page 445, thai the 
university does not "discriminate on the basis 
ofsexual orientation. This nondiscrimination 
policy covers admission. access and treat-
ment in university programs and activities .... " 

In ordertocomply with its binding nondis-
crimination policies. UCSD hould take im-
mediate steps to sever all ties with the ROTC 
programs. Enforcement of these policies 
would not prohibit tudents from voluntary 
participation in ROTC programs, but it would 

remove academic credit forthe programs and 
administr.lti ve involvement with them. 

I urge you to make a forceful statement to 
the university community on thi s issue. and to 
demonstrate your personal commitment to 
UCSD policies against discrimination. I am 
also asking the Committee on Educational 
Policy to take steps to remove academic credit 
for ROTC programs. 

J am ure you recognize that this is a 
erious i ue, one that affect the fundamental 

rights of all students on this campus. I hope 
you will respond promptly to this reque ·t and 
inform me and the university community of 
the steps you will take to enforce our policies 
against di scrimination. 

Peter Irons 
Professor of Political Science 

Print Letters, Do 
More Investigation 
Editor: 

Molly McKay offered a good analysis of 
some of the problem with the Guardian in 
these pages recently. and ( would like to add 
to that by offering some comments of my 
own. 

Basically. I have two gripes against the 
Guardian for the I a.~t two years: The offering 
of long editorial opinions on "big" i ues at 

the expense of printing student letters and the 
lack of serious focu!> of the paper on UCSD 
issues. 

On the first matter, I am much more inter-
ested in reading what many member!> of the 
UCSD community have to say ubout is~ue~ 
than what a few in-house writers have to ~ay, 
e pecially when the lalter fill page after page 
with their opinions. 

On the second maller, I feel there has been 
a lack of interest in on-campu serious "inve~­
tigati ve journalism" by Guardiall writers in 
the last two years. Take the current budget 
crisis facing the un iversity. We all know that 
our campus is padded with layer after layer of 
bureaucratic tissue. This eats up money very 
quickly. 

I wish the Guardian would consider what 
it could do to allow student to see where 
money is not spent wisely. The California 
Public Record Act allows individuals to in-
spect almost any document the campus cre-
ates. The "big" newspapers use thi tool all the 
time to investigate the university. The Guard-
ian could use it too instead of waiting for the 
Sacramento papers to do it for them. 

After all, student fees can be raised to 
offsetexpenses!Thi kindofnickeland diming 
between departments and administrative of-
fices on campus has certainly contributed to 
the on-going co-<>p crisi which we face. 

Bard-Alan Finlan 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, June 4,1992 

COMMENTARY 

A Future Without Co-ops the Horror, the Horror 
• Fee increases, power grabs, multiple chancellors and general chaos await UCSD when the administration closes the co-ops 

TroiditionaJly. vacations are the 
times when the university admini~­
tration takes it , most aggre 'sive ac-
tion against the students. With sum-
mer break comi/lg on, the co-ops are 
wondering if they can survive with-
out all the ~tudents around. Here's 
what will happen if you all come 
back in the fall and there are no co-
op; 

111111' 15: Spring quaner ends. 
Everybody goes home. 

JIIIII' 16; The UCSD admini tra-
Il n ~huts down the co-ops, claim-
ing " financial improprietie~" and 
"the ripping off of the students." 
With no one around to protest , the 
co-ops disappear forever. 

Sl'pt. 21: Fall quarter begin" A 
50 percent incre~e goes into effect. 
raising fees to $1.500 per quarter. 

Oct. 1; The status of the Univer-
sity enter Board is changed from 
(I) a policy-making body to (2) an 
advisory body to (3) comic relief. 
U B Chair Chris Bumett resigns in 
prote t. 

O CI . 23; Deciding !>he mi se~ 
campus politics. former GSA Prc!>i-
dent Deni~e Fenton declares herself 
Maximum Leader for Life. 

When asked about the coup. 
usurped GSA Pre ' ident Patrick 

arroll responds. "Deni e neverlis-
tened to her constituents when ~he 
was an elected official. why should 
~he care now?" 

Vice Chancellor Joe Wal50n hail~ 
the move a.~ a breakthrough for de-
m r.ICy. 

Nul'. 3: H. Ro~!> Perot i!> elec ted 
President of the United State~. He 
promises to have a platform by the 
time he takes office. 

In a ~urprisingly decisi e move, 
Perot names Chancellor Dick 
Atkinson a.~ his Sccrewry of&luca-
tion. As to the reason. he cites 

Atkin~on'l> "close relationship with 
and in-{iepth knowledge of his !.tu-
dents:' Perot goe ' on to compare 

Atkin~on'~ hands-on style to his 
own. 

Joe Watson. Atkinson'~ obviou~ 
~uc csser, b p:c.sed over for the 
chancellor job in favor of Tommy 
Tucker. 

No\,. 18; The Media Center, till 
:.earching for a name. officially de-
clare itself"Murphy Brown Hall ." 
Dan Quayle. in his last act as vice 
president, comes to campus and, in 
retaliation, closes the child daycare 
center. 0 one is !.ure if this i an 
intentional act or ju~t one of confu-
sion. 

Dec. 15: Qunrterends. veryone 
goes home. 

Dec. 16; Citing "financial im-
proprieties" and "the ripping off of 
the students." the admini tration 

shut~d wn UCSO'!> entire Humnni-
ties divi~ion. Outraged. the Fa ulty 

enate protests. 
Dec. 17: Citing "financial im· 

proprieties" and "the ripping off of 
the students." Ihe administration 
hut!> down the Faculty Senate. 

Jail . I. 1993; Ross "Chauncey 
Gardiner" PerotlL~en~ to the presi-
dency of the United States. He prom-
ises to have a platfonn by spring. 

Jail . 2: Student Conduct Coordi-
nator Nick Aguilar announces the 
replacement of the 1.500-page 
U D Policy and Proced ure 
Manual with u :.implified version: 
Article I, Rules: 

I. Obey. 
2. Co~ume. 

Article 11, Grievance Procedure : 
I. See Article I , no. I. 
Jail . oJ : Quarter begins. A 75 

percent fee increase goes into ef-
fect. rai,ing ree~ to $2,625 perquar-
ter. 

THEATRE CLASSES IN SUMMER SESSION 
I.Iroll.lwP) pn,l,eI~,' i s iOLl ,Iirertor W.It Jonc8 r<·turn ~ to UC. D 
SUIl1I1H'r s .... ion to teach two cour C8. From Textt" Performance 
(Tloeatr ... 2) i. 0 ""'rkly disrus ion of plo ys in I'"rfo/'1I1 II 111'(' Ht TIll' 
01.1 GloIIIl onJ Lo J"lIo rlayhouse. Tuition inrlullr, ticl.,·td to f"ur 
play.! N .. I,r.·,·iouo .·~I .. ·ri.·nC(· Iwe ... sarr. 0 I,rerl'qui.,ilf'$. Nu 
('.1'(,"1$ . 1\'0 textbook . . Just w("I' I.ly ottemlanr., of a pluy Ullli 
"i.cu •• iun in .-Iu.,;. Four IIni,"! Fir,;t .I's.ion. June 21J-Jllly 31, 
T .. • -1) :30 (1 . 111 . 
Th"atre GUllIeH (Theetre 10). Using thl'utre gall1e ,; "",I unique 
il111'ro' i.u tionoltcd,niqueri. you will.le,· .. lup II \ery I,ersonul 
""I'roll"10 t .. twrformanee 0 previous eXI)eriellce lIer"s IIry. '0 
prerequi it!'!. ,\'0 1'.1'11"13. i'lo lextbook! . .\'0 pllptr$ . Just I'ohle t" 
r ia ... Four units! , .. rond session, Augu.t 3- ' ''l't .. mIJl'r 4, MW (,·11 
".m. Limit(·.l l'n rull mcnl. a\'e II pial'" in these great c1asocs ~OW! 
Coli Sumn"'r S .... inn at 53 1-·l3M ur 534 365. 

YE~R 
AHEAD 
H AIRCUTS hv Mar 
Women $17 (~e!l . $2 
Men $14 Ireg. SI9J 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$SO Perm & Haircut or Highlight & HaircL/l 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. , Ste. 2120 
FOR APPOI TME T PLEASE CALL 

FIFTH COLUM~IST _ - -- .' ~ 

The Media Center. still 
searching for a name. 
officially declares itself 

~Murphy Brown Hall." 
Dan Quayle, in his last 
act as vice president 

comes to campus, and. 
in retaliation, closes the 
child daycare center. No 
one is sure if this is an 
intentional act or just 

one of confusion, 

Jail. 15; UCSD finally gets a 
Women's Center. However, in an 
effon to ensure "fiscal propriety" 
and to prevent anyone from ripping 
off the tudents," an outside man-
ager is hired for the facility. Citing 
his "long-standing familiarity with 
women' issues" and his "close re-
lationShip with and in-depth knowl-
edge ofwomen,"lhe administration 
chooses Pelllilolise publisher Bob 
Guccione. 

Jail. 30; In an environmental 
gesture, the Wendy' hamburger 
chain announces it wi ll no longer 
use rain forest-grown beef in its 
hamburgers. In tead, it will use only 
locally-grown cattle. 

"'"----- I,~ CONGRATULATIONS 
JGRADUATING SENIORS! 

Special Graduation 
Dinners Available 

for $2100 
Your choice of featured 
entrees and a glass of 
house wine. 
For reservations & details 
call 456-6299 

CINDV 
3L~CI(S 

5721 La Jolla Blvd .. La Jolla 

USED 
LEVIS 

New-,-- er 

BIKER 
JACKn5 

from $99 
u .... YllfAII GAIl 
- Relro thru 2 ht Century-

Hawaiian • Military • 
Flower Power • Cool $hadti & 

hhirts 
COS1Ulus-

, ,- ,-.- -.- ,- ,- .-.-,--' 
4879 No " A ...... 0' 22HI220 

Jail . 31 : The UCSD administra-
tion announces it will cut down all 
the remaining eucalyptus trees on 
campus to make room for a new 
School of Can Ie Ranching, the prod-
ucts of which will be used locally. 

Feb. 3; Citing "financial impro-
prietie .. and "the ripping off of the 
student ." a financial expert is 
brought in to over.;ee the operations 
of the Grove Caffe. Chancellor Jim 
CamJthers' long-time friend and 
busine s associate Charles Keating 
is named to the po t. 

Mar. 1: TIle Association of Stu-
dent Employees gets a whopping 93 
percent of the graduate student popu-
lation to join. The administration 
refuses to recognize the union on the 
ground that it doesn't represent all 
the grJduate students. GSA Maxi-
mum Leader for Life Fenton hails 
the deci ion as a breakthrough for 
democracy. 

Mar. J 7: The humanities depart-
ment are reopened as the "Bureau 
of AIti!>tic Scien es." Chancellor 
John Anderson drafts Senator]e e 
Helms as dean of the new di vi ion. 

Mar. 18: Quarter ends. Every-
one goes home. 

Mar . 19: Despite a weakening 
economy, the Price Center busi-
nesses repon record profits for the 
third traight quarter. 

Mar . 20; Claiming increased 
co ts, lhe Price Center businesses 
raise prices for the third straight 
quaner. 

Mar . 27: Quarter begins. A 100 
percent increase goes into effect, 
raising fees to $5,250 per quarter. 

Apr. 16; In celebmtion of Ayn 
Rand's birthday, all the members of 
the Objectivist Society set them-
selves ablaze in Revelle Plaza. 

Due to all the new construction, 
however. the center of campus has 

shifted ea.~t. and so nobody notices 
their freely-chosen martyrdoms. 
Chancellor Nick Aguilar appears 
with a bag of marshmallows and 
cries. "I'm very proud of what you 
did today. There's a TG goi ng on, 
let's party!" 

April 21: Spring arrives. Presi-
dent Perot' promises to have a plat-
fonn by the first of the year. 

May 9; The "SunShine Store" 
changes its name to the "Sunlight 
Store." Students wanting to get tan 
or just enjoy nice weather must now 
pay a fee to the convenience outlet. 

May II: In a cost-saving mea-
sure.the UCSD GllardiaJl and Cali-
lomia Rel'iew merge into one pa-
per. 

Chancellor Randy Woodard de-
cides all the editors arc not politi-
cally sensitive enough for his taste. 
however, and replaces them with 
Administration Insider Paul 
Eykamp. 

May 13; In order to compete. the 
other campus newspapers combine 
to fonn the /lew Peopll" s East-West 
Vo: Visions. The publication is im-
mediately deprived of funding be-
cause it is not inclusive enough of 
altemative views on campus. Guard-
iall-Rl'view Editor Eykamphails the 
decision as a breakthrough for de-
mocracy. 

JUlie 13: Quarterends. Everyone 
goe home. 

JUlie 14: The Student Center 
pace, fonnerly filled with the co-

ops, has been vacant for a year. A 
tactical nuclear strike is ordered. 
leaving a huge, smoking crater. 
RIMAC construction begins on the 
site the next day. 

Chancellor Paul Eykamp prom-
ise tudents will have the facility 
paid off by the time the 25,OOO-year 
haJf-life has passed. 

Allealion L.L Sludenll 
ElDelgency Financiallsaiatance 

Any student who is trom the Los Angeles area, and who •• 
family has been financially aff.ct.d by the recent series ot eVlnt. 
in South Central L.A. may' bl eligible tor. on.·tim. only 
scholarship. 

The UCSD, African Americ.n, Chicano/latino, N.tiv. 
American and Pan A.i .... St." As.oclation., and the Women'. 
Caucus will be e.tablishlng a scholarship fund to ... i.t stud.nt. 
whose family re.ourc •• have been slgnificanUy afflCted. 

It you bellev. you may quality .or .uch a •• lstance pt •••• 
leave your neme, .umm.r addr .. s and phone number with oreli. 
Wynn .t 534-4003 no I.tar than June 5, 111t2. Crlteria.nd the ellact 
amount of scholarship money ... lIable I. y.t to be d.termlned. 

----~----.~-.----

Thursday, June 4,1992 

CIGARETTES 
ContInued from page 1 

Georgia Medical College won 
its appeal, but MOl achusetts Gen-
eral lost in the courts. tuming over 
research and contacts from its IUdy 
to R.J. Reynold . 

The research of Pierce and [he 
other two doctors has been pub-
Ii hed in the Journal uf the Allleri-

AUDIT 
ContInued from pace 1. 
pledged to implement the recom-
mendations of the audit office and 
he is "pleased they've taken that 
position." 

Assistant V ice Chancellor for 
Student Programs and Facilities 
Tom Tuckerechoed Watson 'scom-
ments. "I am very disappointed ... 
the audits are far worse than I had 
anticipated," he said, "The lack of 
bookkeeping is scary ... this is not a 
highlight of my profes ional ca-
reer." 

Student.co-op members, how-
ever, said they did not feel that the 
audit was as serious or as terrible as 
the administration said. 

"We had no embezzling. there 
was no unaccounted-for money. All 
the things they found were what we 
consider to be minor," said General 
Store Co-op member Jeff Corbett. 

Corbett specifically said that the 
auditors' charge of a lack of intemal 
control at the General Store was 
unfounded. "[Theauditors) say the.re 
is a lack ofintema1control. .. 1 would 
disagree ... because we separate the 
acounting duties from the purchas-
ing duties," he said, 

J 

call Medical AssociaTion. 
The UCSD Medical Center case 

is currently stalled because the Cali-
fornia SuperiorCourt ruled that ince 
the law goveming warning labelson 
cigarette packages is a federal law. 
the case cannot be heard in Califor-
nia. 

With the outcome of the case till 
uncertain, Pierce expressed concem 
that RJ. Reynolds may be gnlflted 

Corbett said that several of the 
recommendations made in the audit 
were valid and that the co-op has 
taken measures to implement nec-
essary changes. including a new 
procedure to handle voided checks. 

Che Cafe member and UCB 
Commissioner of Enterprise/Fi-
nance and Co-op Daniel Fink de-
fended the Che Cafe, saying 
"[Many) of the problems we were 
very much aware of." Fink added 
that the Chi! Cafe had been working 
to correct them since last fall. 

Fink. criticized the nature of the 
audit and how it was conducted by 
the auditors. "If you look at the way 
the audit went ... it seems really 
clear that the audit was being used 
as a tool by the University Center 
for the University Center." he said. 

The audit reported that 72 per-
cent of the Chi! Cafe's tr,msaction 
records were never located. Accord-
ing to Fink, many of the missing 
records were lost when the Chi! 
Cafe's office was rebuilt. 

In the Che Cafe's written re-
sponse to the audit, the administra-
tion is blamed for some of the book-
keeping problems. The response 
states that the university offers no 
training for bookkeepers, contrary 

TONIGHT. 

The UCSD Guardian 

its ubpoena. forcing him to reveal 
the infonnation conceming his re-
search subjects. 

Pierce aid he feels an R.J. 
Reynolds victory would put the con-
fidentiality of hi s subject · in jeop-
ardy in thi s study, as well us make 
future re earch more difficult. Pro-
spective ubject may not partici-
pate i((hey are unsure of the level of 
anonymity granted to them, he ~aid. 

to the 1975 Operation Guidelines 
for Student Businesses and Con-
umer Co-ops, and the recommen-

dations the Internal Audit Office 
made in the 1985 audit. 

The Che Cafe's fai lure to report 
employee payments was defended 
as a necessity by Fink.. The problem 
came about "basically because the 
university payroll wouldn't meet 
our needs," he contended. The Che 
Cafe'sofferto hire an accountant to 
work out the nece sary taxes was 
rejected by the auditors as unneces-
sary, according to Fink. 

The Food Co-op defended its 
bu iness practices and attacked the 
nature of the audit. Food Co-op 
member Laura Badilla said yester-
day, "Overall,l found the audit very 
manipulative." 

Responding to the findings of 
the audit Badilla said that 13 of the 
16 loans have been paid back and 
that "we aren't giving any more 
loans out:' 

Watson implicated the Univer-
sity Center Board in the co-ops' 
bookkeeping problems. "The Uni-
versity Center Board ignored the 
interests of all students [in its deal-
ings with the co-opsl," he said. 
Watson added that the audit "vindi-

NEWS 7 

WEDNESDAY'S A,S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

Associated Students Members Form "Friends" Organiz.ation: In 
response 10 the admini>tration's block of $600 that was allocated during 
winter quarter by the A.S. to help the co-ops hire legal coun\Cl . memocr, of 
the A.S. have fonned an organization callcd "Friends of thc Associated 
Studcl1ls" that would be able to give the A.S. money when not allowed by 
the university administration. A.S. President Mike Hotmes ~aid "Friend," 
will be registered in the fall as a ~Iudent organiL.ation with an off-campu, 
account. 

Vice President External Colin Wilson Appointed Representative to 
the Uni\'ersity of Californ ia Student Association: Members ofthe council 
agreed that the new res tructuring of the extemal office will allow Wilson to 
on Cillrale on his dutics as UCSA Representative. TIle councit approved 

th ' appointmcnt of threc new lobbyists for thc external office. who will 
conccntrateontocallobbyingeffon while Witson will focus on state issues. 

A.S. Debates Whether to Approve Appeal to Fund the UCSD Snow 
Ski Club: Members of the council urguccJ that the dues members of the Ski 
Club have 10 pay are excessive and constitute a fonn of exclusiveness. which 
under the A.S. Bylaws arc grounds on which to deny funding to an 
organization. Howcver, a majority of the council said the Ski Club is open 
to all students on campus white providing a fonn of recreation. 

Other Old Business: 
, Appoinlment of Lydia Zendejas to A.S. Rules Commillec. Passed. 
, Appointmcnt of Tuesday Hancock and Mia Kitago 10 A.S. Rules 

Commillcc. Passed. 
• Appointmcnl of Mati Mayo as Director of A.S. Public Relations. 

PasS<.'<i . 
, Appoinlment of Jennifer Joaquin as Financial Controllcr. Passed. 
'Reallocation of$273 from A/remat;\'(' \ 'isiolls line items 10AII('ntll li\'(' 

Visiolls printing linc item. Passed. 
• Appointmcnt of Mandy VanZytvdd as Ex<.'Cutive lobby Direclor. 

Passed. 
'Appointment of Dave Kim as Local Area Director. Passed. 
• Appointments uf hscn Hon and Julie Wei as Local Area lobbybts. 

PasSt.'CI. 
• Approval of 1992-93 Media Budge\. Passed. 
• Approvat of Culluml Programming Finance Board Budget lor Fall 

1992. Passed. 

cates the administration:' against 
accusations it was not acting in stu-
dents'interests. 

Tucker said he feel s the UCB 
"tried to make [the co-op dispute] a 
student versus adrninistmtion issue," 

- Joanne Donahoe 

when really the UCB should have 
been working with the university. 
He alleged that the UCB failed to 
meet its responsibility by not re-
quiring financia l reports from the 
co-ops. 

CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 
. Mira Mesa 

SELF STORAGE 
Use these coupons for the best deal on campus, 

CALL DOMINO'S IZZA. 

CALLUS! -.=r 
4S2-UCSD . LIB 
3211 Holiday Court . . ,DOMINO'S 

Hours: 
11 am-I am 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN fOR LUNCH! How '\bu ~ PIzza Ai Home. 

K ILL L R D L: \ L ~ . .\ \ II I{ I ( \ .., I \ \ ( ) I{ I II I I .\ I., I ' 
LATE NIGlIT SPECIAL! 

$1299"~"' 
2 MEDIUM PIZZAS 

WITH 2 TOPPINGS & 
A SIX·PACK OF COKE® 

Delivery or Carryout. Please mention offer 
when ordering. Good after 9:00 p.m. only. 
CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

One Medium 
Pizza 

2nd Medium 
Pizza 

Try America's Favorile Pizza piled high wilh 
P~peroni. Mushrooms and Sausage! PleaS<' mention 
offer when ordering. DeUvery or CarryOllI. 

CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

7044 Flanders Drive 

~SPECIALS! $, With t.D. 
THIRD MONTH 
FRE·E OR FREE TRUCK 

t/ ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
II' NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 

t/N~,CLEAN,SECURE 

r U"11AUL""1 TRUCK RENTAl J 

t/ 5 X 5 SPACE $21.66/MO. 
t/ 5 X 10 SPACE = $31.66/MO. 

33% 
OFF 

regular rate 

t/ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 
CREDIT CARD 

VISA 

MIRA 

453-0511 :~gR GE ~ FLAHDEAS 



8 NEWS 

,., 

We specialize in packing .=~atlng 'I/, 
& shipping small loads, • Poc:koq!ng suppl!e$-boxes, lape. foam 

• ShIpping lrom 110 1.000 J)C)Wld>-

Pa 17 - S't- Including overnight ~Ilwry ~ Cnag~ ng uure . : !:,,::~S:;'~lG4ay dtUvery 
rtf dI"" ... Nf' iii "ell" IN/I 

Open 9 · 5 Monday thru Friday 

1130 Wall st., La JoUa (J:loI1" the _ Otia) 
CALL I · BOO· PACKAGIN G 

( 7 2 2·524 4 ) 

~I I~ ; 
I I 
~ " UNIVE RSITY OF CALIFOR NIA, SAN DIEGO ; 

~ -(9- SUMMER SESSION !. ~ I' 1992 ~ ~ 
~ ; 

!. UCSD Summer Session offers two se ions: ~ 
, I 
I June 29-July 31 and August 3-September 4. I 
~ ; 

!. An exciting range of courses from virtually !. 
~ every campll'i department is offered. Catalogs !, 
I I 
I are available now. For your free copy, drop by I 
~ ; 

!. the Summer Session Office, UCSD Extension ~ 
!. Complex, Building A, Monday through !. , , 
I Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. or phone 534-4364, I 
; ~ 
I xl046. I ; """"'All: ; 
, ~ I 
~ ; 
, LlC::!:5iD , 
I I ;~/~/~/~~~/~;~/~/~'~;~/-;~/~~~~~~~~~; 

DnTA DnTA DnTA 
ConlJl'awlations Seniors 

Michelle Andreason 
Julie Anqer 
Tan"a Baker 
Kim Bauche 
Maureen Burke 
Christine Carlson 
Patt" Chao 
Doreen Che" 
Gina Concepcion 
Katrina Dorni'l 
Denise Dralee 
Heather Field 
Julienne Go/nile 
Car"n Grim 
Geri Gunsalus 
Sal/I} Haims 
Jennifer Harrin'lton 
Sara Harris 
Danielfe Ha"man 

Best Wishes! 

Kat" Hendrickson 
Trace" Holfida" 
Juliet Jacobson 
Carmel Kawano 
Katie Knipe 
SClphanie Komsk" 
Jana Kubrin 
Tori Lee 
Heather Mac Phee 
RamJee Mahone" 
CindlJ Milfer 
GilJi PallJutt 
Traci Rappaport 
Jen Rietjelhaupe 
Leslie Rumble 
Samantha Sherman 
Gina Susaeta 
AmI} Vetja 
Tiffanie Wa'lner 
Laurie Yamanaka 

Love~ Gamma Lambda 

The UCSD Guardian 

PROIESTORS 
ContInued from .,.,. 1 
Martinez infonning him mat he was 
being charged with the same four 
violation as Finkemhal. Villedrouin 
al 0 said the letter included a five-
page description of events, which 
he said was "cmbell i hed" by 
Aguilar. Villedrouin said thaI, ai-
lhough he was involved in the pro-
lest earlier in the day, he was not 
present at the time ,when he alleg-
edly committed the violations. 

'1lley'reessenlially largetingme 
because they've seen me around 
[and I knew my name," he said. 

Unlike Finkenthal, Villedrouin 
aid he plan to do community ser-

v ice in response to the charges, and 
said that lhe concem with the health 
and safety of employees is legiti -
mate. 

Villedrouin noted that, because 
the protestors had al>ked Ihe admin-
istration for $10,000 to fund trans-
portation to a UC-wide fee protest 
in Sacramento, meofthe protest-
ors were initially charged with at-

PRoPOSmON 
Continued from page 2 

Accordin to Butterfield, the 
$900 million will be pooled and 
:><:hoob will be able to apply each 
year for additional money. The 
proposition will nO! decrease SIU-
dcntfce~be auselhemoneyistobe 
used forcapital utlay only, not for 
instruction or admini~tration co~ts. 

tempted extonion. " It 's on my p<>-
lice record- which I plan to fr.une," 
he said. 

TIle charges originated from the 
office of Aguilar, who refused to 
disclose the panicular charge or 
the names of the seven tudenls 
involved, in the interest of those 
students' privacy rights. 

Aguilar said his role is merely to 
evaluate complaints and then pass 
them on 10 the accused srudent' 
college dean. He refused 10 discuss 
any particular complainl received, 
or the name of any person who 
might have filedacomplaim again I 
the prote tors. 

However, A istant Vice Chan-
cellor of Undergraduate Affair 
A. W. Ru s confinned Ihal he filed a 
complaint with A guilar because 
employees in hi office may have 
been put in danger by the prole 10rs· 
actions. 

"My complaint is Ihat I have all 
of the staff here. What I ~id to our 
official is ... 'Whal the hell is going 
on hereT ... Students have the right 
10 demon Irate. which 1 support I ()() 

Some pos~ible implications for 
UCSD include the funding of an-
other ollege. and present cons truc-
tion of the Basic Sciences Bui lding, 
the Visual Ans Building and a e -
ond engineering building at War-
ren. 

Overall. Butterfield eemed very 
pleased wi th the passage of the pro-
po.als. "It's so great because the 
voters of Cali fomi a real Iy care about 

Calvin and Hobbes 

iii .. 

1\£1<1: 'i0lJ GJ ~ 008~ ~N\) 
r ~\lct£ A 5~'i I<lR 'iCl1J 
'N\l\L'i:. 't)J ~£RE GO!£ : 

C{?M~t6~a 
!?~~a/I~_ .. 

=- <11; C"V ' 
• fQEE PQEC A 
• Pre8nancy TerminaUon 

8 nera1/local aneslh la 
• i\fl( rdabl Birth onlral 

nfidenLial (f1 Personal • 

il\~ 
(!;> 0 0' t5 <::!) 

(67.9) .5.3.5-737.9 

Thursday, June 4, 1992 

percent. But what lhey did is endan-
ger my slaff," he said. 

Aguilar aid Ihat the charges are 
currently being inve tigated by the 
respective college dean and the 
is ue is out of his jurisdiction. He 
refused to comment on the progress 
of Finkenthal 's charges. which are 
being handled by Aguilar' office, 
since Finkemhal i a UC Berkeley 
student and does not have a UCSD 
college affiliation. 

Just after the Mar. 6 protest, 
FinkenthaJ pressed assault charge 
against Watson, claiming that 
Watson pulled him orf the Under- . 
graduate Affairs office door, put ' 
him in a chokehold and threw him to 
the ground. According to Finkenthal, 
tho e charges were dropped by the. 
District Auomey· s office after its 
investigation showed that there was: 
not asufficient basi forthecharges. 

' 'To drop [the casel was very 
callou ," Finkenthal said. not ing that 
the DL trict Attorney 's office never 
even contacted him in its investiga-
tion. "Everything down there is p0-
lit ical. you know:· he ~aid . 

education and the future of ourchil-
dren," he sa id. 

Califomia's y tem of public 
higher education includes the Uni-
versi ty of California, the California 
State University, the California 
Community Colleges and the Cali-
fornia Maritime Academy. The sys-
tems as a whole have 138 campuses 
serving approximately two million 
students. 

by Bill Watterson 

.. ~ m 
, i~ ... ", iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~ 

Thursday, JUlle 4, 1992 

Complied by David Snow, Staff Writer 
Thursday, May 28: 
1:10 a.m.: A 34-year<>ld male non-affi liate was detained on 
Old Miramar Road for public drunkenness. He was 
transported to Detox. 
2:15 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of computer 
disks from the Central Library. Loss: $220. 
Friday, May 29: 
4:40 p.m.: A student reported burglary to her room in Blake 
Hall. Loss: $308. 
Saturday, May 30: 
4:05 p.m. : A student reported the theft of an '85 Honda 
motorcycle . Loss: $250. 
8:30 p.m.: Campus police arrested a 43-year<>ld male non-
affiliate near the old Student Center on misdemeanor 
warrants for battery, sexual assault and trespassing. 
Sunday. May 31: 
10;55 p.m.: A 34-year<>ld male non-affiliate was arrested 
on Villa La Jolla Drive for delaying a peace officer and 
possession of drug paraphenalia. 
Monday, June 1: 
9:59 p.m.: A graduate student lost consciousness and 
collapsed at the SIO snack bar due to low blood sugar. 
8;30 p.m.: A 19-year<>Id male student was arrested at 
Mayer Hall for possession of less than an ounce of 
marijuana. 
Tuesday, June 2: 
7:45 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a '90 Honda 
Prelude from Lot 208. Loss $15,000. 
During the time period May 28-June 3, there were 10 
bicycles reported stolen for a total loss of $4, 780. 
1992 crime count to date: 
• 76 vehicle thefts 
• 10 3 car burglaries 
• 9 assaults 
• 1 robbery 

The U SD Guardiall NEW 9 

Sue MapeSiGuarOian 
- Is that Mayonnaise in those Jars?" by Aaron Krach is one display in the Undergraduate Arts Festival. 

ELECTION 
Continued from page 2 
out th ' county were tabulated. A 
group of Mudems from San Diego 
State Univers ity carried ~ign~ pro-
testing the ~tate's education cuts. 

"We just want to ~how our pre~­
ence," ~aid SDSU ~tUllent Chri~tine 
Herbeck, "We're going to be any-
where there' s pres~ and candidat c~." 

Presidential politic~ wa~ al,o on 
the mind of the l.:andidate~ , cam-
paign workers, ,Uld voters gathered 
at Golden Hall. Arkan~a~ Govemor 
Bill Clinton defeated fom)er ali-
fomia GoveOlor Jerry Brown 48 
percent to 40 pereent in the Demo-
cr.llic primary, while President Bu~h 
won h:mdi lyover Palrick Buchanan. 
in the Republican primary. 

In spite of the fact that Clinton 
won enough delegates to receive the 
pany's nomination for president. 
Brown supponers still suggested that 

the campaign had beell a ~ucce~~. 
.. It '~ going to ~end ~1 Jlle~~age to 
Wa.~hinglOn, and it'~ g ins to ~end 
a mes~age to Bill Clinton:· ~aid 
Kathy Sweet, who carried a ~ign at 
Golden Hall bearing Brown·~ cam-
paign ~Iogan, " We, the People," 

" We want to make Ilhe Demo-
cratic Pany I a~ progre,~ive and lib-
eml a~ po~~ible," , he <.Idded. 

Supponer.- of undeclared pre~i ­
denti;J1 candidate Ro~~ PerOl were 

al~o present at Golden Hall , de~pitc 
the fact that thei r candidate wa~ not 
on the ballot~ . 

" What fiN got me intere~teJ in 
Perot wa., the idea that he W<l~ <I non-
parti~,Ul per;on who had a chan '\.: to 
get elected:' J<lcqueline agey ~O!id . 

David SmallwooJ. who wrote in 
Perot"~ n<.lme on the plimary ballot. 
agreed that the Tex<J~ billionaire wa~ 
a legi timate prote~t candidate. " My 
theory is that if you don·t vote. you 
can' t gripe," he said. 

ASE 
Continued from page 3 
to fight for recognition wi th the Uc. 

The ca.,c. at fir~ t l J.xidcd by 
PERB in favor of lhe AGSE. ha\ 
been appealed tw ice: both tillle~ the 
COUI1~ have ruled in favor of the 

un iver~ity. The I'l,t ca~c wa., <.Ip-
pealed by AGSE to a alifomia 
COull. 

While Sulli vun ~ay, that AGSE 
will petiti on to have the La,e heard 
ag<Jin or try to wke it to Califom ia 
Supreme Coun. hl: eXpt.:c l~ the COUlh 
to favor thl! univer~ity again. 

"Wc·re going to lo~e again be-
c<Ju~e the judge, were 0.111 appointed 
by Deukmejian and Wilson -
they 're very con~ervut iv\:." Sulli vun 
~a id . 

" We're not planning to huve a 
, trike. hut we wi ll u\e every mcan~ 

po~sible to get the uni ver~i ty to ~it 
down with u~:' he <ldded. 

Free rides 
for 

college students. 457·loGo 
• Fine Ch inese Cuisine 
• Freshly Made to Order 

If you've decided to pack it in for 
the summer, call Shurgard. We'll send a 
free Ryder truck to collect your stuff, and 
we'll h ead straight for Shurgard. This 
way you won't have to haul everything 
home for_the summer, and your parents 
can brag that you've earned a free ride. 

Call your friendly Shurgard 
manager for an appointment. 

8 
SHUtGARD 
S'TOAPGE CENTERS 

Solana Beach 
477 Stevens Avenue 

755·7515 

• Delivered Free, to Your Door 

J~mlmmO' : =:::~~::: Sre.~d Rke 
I FRIDAY-SUNDAY I FREE with every order 
I Buy any entree at regular I 
I price and get a second one of I 
I the same or lesser value for I I 
I $350 I I 
I just I I L __________ .J I 

WEEKDAYS 
Mention this ad and get a 

FREE EGGROLL & 
FREE SOFT DRINK 

: with any dinner entree 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L U N C H L _____ _____ ~ 

Portions from just $3" COMING 
SOON 
PRIZES ..'. 
IN EVERY 
FORTUNE 
COOKIE! 

lOur Menu Includes: 
I Hot'N Crispy Vegetarian Sizzle 
I Pepper Steak Orange Peel 
I Chow Mein Kung Poo 
I La Mein Hot & Spicy 
I Beef & Broccoli Moo Goo Goi Pan 

Sweet & Sour Fried Rice 
Cashew Chicken 

OPEN 7 DAYS 11 em· 1 0 pm CAll NOW! 
457·TooO 
3211 Holiday Court 

off of Villa La Jolla ("ea' I Cc :' 



10 OPINION Thc UCSD Guardian Thursday, JWlC 4, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

A Message for the Chancellor 
• The fonner DeB chair has words of wisdom for Richard Atkinson 

WATERMAN PENS 
Unparalleled in beauty and quality. 
The EXPERT pen in luslrou finishe. Black, 
Blue or Burgundy H.6K gold trim. 

FllUmaln P~n 
B.IIi[,mn! 
Rnlierh.lli 

lYE OLLE T I 
Tortoi.l.'. Fl~ckl.'d BurgunJy or 
Fllllnc.lln Pen 
Rlli bh .• Ii 

Rl!g . - 1-0 
Reg. ~75 

1844 India Street. San Diego 
232-6601 

Now $69 
Now 49 
Now 59 

in Black. 
reen. and ognac 

Now 89 
Now $59 

MON·FAt 9·5 30 , SAT 9·5 lit • • __ 

HELP WANTED 

Technician 
OEPOTECH. A SAN DIEGO BASED BIOTECH 

By Molly McKay 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Chancellor Atkinson - it has 
probably come to your attention that 
the campus seems to be riddled with 
a large amount of unrest. This unrcst 
has spread from frustraled tudent 
leaders, harassed co-op members 
and the underrepresented tudents 
who are pcrpcrually disenfranchised 
by the sy tern. to a growing number 
offaculty ,staff and "apathetic,main-
stream" student. 

I would like to give you an idea 
of what this in~titution has given, or 
more pre isely not given, me in the 
past four years. As it appears that 
you are basically tuck with u~ -
sorry about the UC Pre idency -
there are some things you should 
knowaboulthe tudentsoverwh m 
you reign. 

We are urvivor ! We have 
learned that we are not seen as im-
ponant in the eye of the adminis-
tration. You neither involve your-
self in our affairs, nor do you care 
much about our well-being. The 
faculty as well aren't hired fortheir 
teaChing abilities; hiring is based on 
their research capabilitie . 

Students havealwayshad to fight 
for what they want here, and it is 
never easy. The Ethnic Studies De-
panment and the Women's Studie 
major had to be demon mlled for 
and till face VUlnerabilities for cuts. 
The co-ops are loved by the cam-

pus. and yet your administration i 
currcntJy threa&ening 10 shut them 
down if they don't play your way. 

1lle Women's Center will con-
tinue to be fought for, but in the 
meantime tudents will do their best 
to provide those services to the hun-
dredsof students who "have no need 
for a women' center" and yet corne 
to the WRC every day for help they 
can' t get anywhere else. We know 
where we tand within your priori-
ties and we have learned thai if it is 
to be done. it is students who have to 
do it. 

The irony i that the administra-
tors who are paid to help u are not 
the one who stick outtheirnecks to 
help Mudents. It is often the ~taff 
members with the least pull in their 
departments and the untenured fac-
ulty - who need to remain facele 
for protection - who provide the 
source of inspiration and motiva-
tion for tudent . 

These are the people we wi ll 
remember and keep in touch with. 
We are growing up on a streetwise 
campu . We have leamed that we 
have to fend for ourselves, and that 
we are capable of doing just that. 

Students have learned to make 
something wonderful out of noth-
ing. Thi campus does not suppon 
progressive movements. yet students 
continue to truggle and win their 
right to have a say about what hap-
pen on this campus. The co-ops, 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR 

Women's Resource Center, SAAC, 
and UCB are all place where tu-
dents arc learning how to challenge 
the systcm that makes the rules and 
win - or at least learn a lot about 
how things won: in the process to be 
used more effectively in the next 
round. 

As a graduating senior who came 
to UCSD a naive, tru ting freshman 
and will leave a radical feminist 
acti v ist, I wanlto thank you for a gift 
I know you never intended to give. 
This university has taught me to 
question authority, to believe in the 
power of the powerless and to find 
and make community within the 
structures that doe everything it 
can to prevent these coalitions from 
building. 

RighI now. we may only be 
weeds growing in the cracks of the 
UCS D cement . but the seed will 
continue to grow. The roots will be 
powerful enough to crack the con-
crete, because we are the life ofthi 
campus and the facade that you and 
your administration have paved is 
dead. 

Students should be proud of their 
accomplishments. We did a lot of 
good work this year. It has to con-
tinue and I'm sure it will. Good luck 
and give 'em hell! To those who are 
under constant threat of reprimand 
and yet continue to help students, 
thank you for your bravery and sup-
port - you are so important to us! 

company developing sustained release delivery 

systems for water·soluble. injectable drugs. is 
looking for FIT technicians with experiece in Chem .. 

Biochem .. Bio .. or Chem. engineering . Lipid expo 

pref'd. Mol. Bio. not needed. 

Anti-Military Nazis Are Running the Guardian 
Editor: days." and curse the military for 

stopping them before they could 
kill all the Jews. 

Please send resume to 
TECHNICIAN, 

OepoTech Corporation 
11025 No. Torrey Pines Road 

Suite 100 

I was vel)' angered when [ read 
"Playing the arne Game"(June I). 
The thing that di~turbs me was the 
fact that in considering name for 
Fifth College. Ihe name of George 

Mar~hall W~ nearly disqualified 
tx.'Cau~e he Wa!> a General ill World 
War U. J:c.on Snell wrote "re~earch 
turned upa~keleton in his closet: he 
wu., a gt:ner.1l in the armed forces 
during World War 11." Having been 
a genera l i~ definitely not a ~).,eleton 
in the clo~et. In fa t. it b ~omething 

of which any American would be 
very proud. His contribution to the 
world in the form of the Marshall 
Plan should be the basis of consid-
ering hi name for Fifth College. 

Tho. e who think that ervi ng in 
World War U is omething to be 
ashamed of are a bunch of Nazis. 
and thi~ apparently include Snell 
and the Guardian. The Nazi were 

re~ponsible for over 20 million 
death . I've eenadeathcampfirst-
hand and It b /lot ~omething to smile 
about . !oay "tho~e were: the good old 

This leads me to another big 
problem I see at UCSD and America 
today: the abundance of liberal anti-
military pansies. If any of you had 
half a brain, you would realize that 
without a strong military we would 
long ago have been ovenun by one 
of the aggres~ors who have been 
si Ily enough to take us on. like the 

Gem1an~ or the Japanese. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 

DO YOU 
HAVE ••• 

• Mononucleo j ? 

• Mea les? 

EARN $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for re~earch and 
diagnO\lics, plus earn up 

\0 100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LABOUTORIIS 

226·1733 

.... ' I 
• 

Brian Tietz 

.---------------------------------------------, Now it's easier than ever, whatever the season, to call... , ' " .... I 
"...., . . 

. TritonTel ! 
I 

Ye., you ccn mag thot peraonal connection all y.or 'round. To record yrNr 'VoiceMoll ,nessog', 11M yrNr Touc:hTone phone to dioI1-9OO.A.S4-1050 ... I 
follow the prompts to gel 'fO'Jr own mailbox & conRd.ntfol poss cod.. \ I 
Order your free ad nowl Select one of Ihtll CCtegorill for your od: ~. I 
1. Mesaoge. from Man 3. AJt.rnotiw Uf.$lyles 5. Rlnlols/Roommollt/Rideshore 7. Tick ... Bought/Sold & Fonlosy Trips I 
2. Mesaoge. from Women 4. Study Partners 6. General Shored Inlllre,II 
Complete this ad form • • 
Writ. '(OlK ad, on. word per box, ond moll II to: 

CAMPUS CO~ ECTION 
101 Townsend St" San Francisco. C A 94107 

10, pvbli.hing y <::AX od wi II oppear In th. nt.t poI.ible 1_ during ovr regv 
C'fC1e . If'fOAJ prefer, we con oulgn '(QJ 0 moi~ number ond 
po .. code. (AJllnlormotion I. conftdtnliol. Yow lMlaoget WI 
PIeo .. do nol us. ~r Io.t nome, oddr .... phone number Of 
Ionguog •. No ada ...kIna onyone under 18 wi. be oocept.d 

gi .... YOAJ yoJr 
'11 be lCr .. ned. 
any explicit .. ~ual 
.) 

CATEGORY: __________ _ 
Nom.: 

~rlM-: ---------------------------
CI~ ZIP : 
Phone Numhtrs:1 ) I I L oa:;tiiM ---------------------------------------------~ E", •. 

Thursday, JWlC 4,1992 Thc UCSD Guardian OPfNION 11 

COMMENTARY 

Manipulation Has No Place in Objective, Student-Run Newspapers 
• The A.S. presidential election proved that some student organizations will continue to serve the interests of the administration 
By Gar- Johnson 
Staff Writer 
and Rubin DuriIn 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

In a show of both de peration 
and dirty politicsl there has never 
been a more appropriate lime to ask 
whether student govemment has 
been set up to act in the interest of 
tuden!. or self-serving factions of 

media and administration. The evi-
dence points overwhelmingly to the 
latter: have we disempowered our-
selves as students to an embarrass-
ing level of apathy? 

Because the UC system is really 
American big business disguised as 
an educational arena. our most pow-
erful voice as students becomes the 
money we invest. It is obviou .. in 
measures like RIMAC, and in the 
fact that we lack control over the 
event and facilities we fund (for 
example, students were excluded 
from a speech on raci m and educa-
tion, funded by the UCSD Objectiv-
ists Club and ASUCSD) that we are 
not the ones who dictate our own 
interests. 

There was nothing which exem-
plified this lack of interest in Dill' 
OWIl i sue more than the A.S. elec-
tions. So many details which would 
have contributed to fair representa-
tion ofboth candidates were "over-
looked" by both administration and 
campus media , namely the Guard-
iall. 

The Guardian is student-run and 

upposedly working in thestudents' 
interest through knowledge of IIII! 
facls. but neglected its own mission 
by presenting more coverage in Mike 
Holme' fuvor. mthenhan taking an 
Objective stance. 

Editorials aside. the Guardiall's 
covemge was minimal when it came 
to Duran, !>ending onl y one reporter 
to speak with him during the entire 
proceedings. Faimes was neglected 
in the coverage of the election and 
hearings. As a ·tudent-run newspa-
per, the Guardian has a responsibil -
ity to provide an objective point of 
view, challenging the conservati e 
administmtion to meet the needs of 
tudents. • 

Is the papersupposed to mirror the 
student body or the :.ldministmtion? 
Again,a11 evickncepoin~ to tile laner. 
Anyone questioning that need only 
count the number of conscrvati ve de-
cisions made by UCSD administm-
tionandcomparethat tothenumberof 
editorials in the Guardian lanted to-
ward right-wing rhetoric. Perhaps a 
fewoftheeditorsconfused theGltare/· 
ian for their other journalistic pet, the 
California Review. 

The Guardian has once again 
played into the mainstream of 
American media's subtle reinforce-
ment of racial and gendercontl icts, 
which is more consi tent in conflict 
promotion than of negotiable middle 
ground. 

Undennining the legi timacy of 
Duran 'saccusations against Holmes 

WlC all this campus needed to throw 
Durin's name into the pile of those 
who are considered by UCS D's con-
servatives to be undeserving lead-
ers. 

A good example of how this 
bastion of conservatism works is 
evident in the events surrounding 
the UCSD Greek system and it" 
re ' ponse to the candidates. While 
Holmes madeempty political prom-
ises catering to the wams of thi l> 
exclusive special interest, Dudn 
presented only his plans for a rela· 
tionship which would fo~ter effec-
tive communication. allowing both 
the A. . and the Greel.. ~y"tem to 
better serve the needs of the l'llIir(' 
student community. 

n individual claiming to be an 
ins ider in the secretive Panhelknic 
Council circulated a memorandum 
to all sorority presidents claiming 
that Duran was "anti·Greek·· <lnd 
hou Id be voted agaillst in the: run-

off election. When a:.ked for u copy 
of thi s memo. we were told by a 
sorority president that she had ~im­
ply thrown it away - after reading 
it to her ch<lpter. of course. 

Thi completely false portrayal of 
the candidate's stance on the issue was 
usedagairu t him by the majority of the 
Greek community, who,llkeobedient 
children, listened only to the authori-
tative voices of the "leaders" in the 
their organizations. 

This was a game of dirty politics 
in which the Guardiall actively in-

volved itself, making it ab~olutely 
clear who WilS the favored candi-
date during a proceeding which is 
supposed '10 guar.mtee innocence 
until guilt is proven. Yel we as stu-
dents cannot blame- the GIIOIdill" 
for its ignorance. 

1l1ere is no one to blame but 
ourselve for allowill,~ this type of 
political and mental manipulation 
of issues to go on. We as students 

~hirJ..ed our respon:ibilitie~ of fair 
and objective repre 'ent;uion, and 
our own administration, whose ~ala­
rics II'C pay, were allowed to wi th-
holdcom,tructivc intervclltt n when 
it was most needed. 

Whut \ e claim to want and what 
we wo rk to obtain are two different 
thlllgS. Calls for studcnt·controlkd 

bu"ne~,c , heightl!ned awan;:ne~s 
and iJclter finance management are: 
all mc:t by lack of regard fo r ,tudent 
rights. A.S.-fundetl speeche~ by mc-
ists disgui"ed a~objcctivi st, and fee 
increases. 

Cries of "No Justice. No Peace" 
were heard throughout the week of 
the Rodncy King verdict, but once 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson low-
ered the nag to hal f-mast and wrote 
an empty leiter to the president. the 

prote.~lors were gone. 
Areweexpecting too much when 

we u.~k that a student leader and a 
newspaper that supposedly acts in 
our interest be profe~sionally ethi-
cal? One could easily ~y no. 

But can we fairly call what has 

recenlly occurred with respect to 
political manipulation ethical or 
even right? 

Instead of covering the candi-
dates comprehensively or the mee 
based on issues and responses, the 
paper made broad. far· reaching en-
dorsements without any real Ju~ti!i ­
cat ion either for the cundidates they 
endorsed or their subjective ~y~tem 
of making endoP..l!ments. 

fler that, there wa., lul..ev aml 
coverage of the campaign. until 
something came along that the pa-
percould sensationalize and I!xploit. 
An editorial board of four indlvidu-
abo none of whom had ever spent 
any amount of time in either orthe 
past two A.S. Coulleib ·l11cl!tillg~. 
decides that it's okay to depict a 
fellow ,tudent in a tle:meanmg car-
loon. without once ,peaking to the 
individual or giving him the chance: 
to tell his ,itle of the ,tory. 

What will we as "tudents do 10 
prevent this manipulation from hap-
pening again? Fort he sake of fu ture 
candidates and ~tudenl'. it had bet-
ter be something. 

Editor's Nor(': Wc regrel Ihul 
Durall /I!l'is he did 1/01 r('ail '/' ad-
I'quutl! r l!prese/llal ilill. HO\l'I'\'cr. 
througho/lf Ihl' rcporrs 011 tht' A.S. 
presidellfiu/ l'ieClioll alld Ihe .~lIhsc­
quelll judicial hoard hearillgs, 
DW'ulI repcaledly dl'C/illed [() ('011/-
mel1l to thl! A.S . bl!al reportl!!". as 
y,·'ell as three olher repOllcrs. The 
Guardian s((Jlld~' by its col'erage. 

Now accepting summer applications. II 
[) rn Call collect 619) 294-2174. 

S~\p·"~·~'~1G0~ 1: ", ' .. I I I .,' N"I .. ",::., ,. ",~ ~~Wi~H\:::<:i ~00n a.!,:'.:: ... t@ ( .. 19P~~~Q.) ~.·.' H m.l~ .. ~ .. ~! ~s,~~ ~r 1m · .. ~ ~~N~US~ ww,~~\~~\ 
/ Monday - Frid~y I \ 

June 8 - 1¢2 \ i l 
9AM~~BM )-~/\ 

?sa·t·urd~Y-/-·'~/ \ 

lj: 'w .... - ( t t h t ~,.-.'. t ~%,::: 1 \ ./'~ "' . a . ~/ ,en t:;;·::" ;1 \ 
\ in f.r6nt of \::. ::::,:: .\ 
\ /' , , 
'the:·{bookstor.' \ 

'.::.,:;: 

TEXJBOOK~DEPARTMENT 534· 4457 
r" 



12 OPINION The CSD Guardian Thursday, June 4,1992 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Budget Crisis Means That Everyone Should Join the Fee Fight 
Editor: 

A~ my last ch.1Jlce to play Paul 
Revere before I graduate and for-
everretireasa~tudentleader, 1 wish 
to warn the student~ of impending 
cut~ so massive that the unive~ity 
you will come back to next year will 
be radically different from the one 
you leave thi!. 4uarter. 

California i~ f .. ing the wor~ t 
budget crisi~ ~ince the Great De-
pression. To mainHlin a nomlallevel 
of services, the ~tate would nor-
mally havea budgetof 60.2 billion 

dollar~ . 
Thi~ next year, revenue will only 

reach "3R billion. In clo~ing thi s 
deficit. the unive~il y will receive a 

di~pr ponionalcly large cut ~IIlC<: 
neither polilical pany will con\ider 
a tax increase in an eleclion year, 
and many o ther ~wte progrJllls arc 
eithfr constitulionally protected or 
have b<:en cut to their legal limits. 

Depending on 111': unlikely pr s-
pect of ma.,~ive cut~ 10 Ihe elemen-
tary and high ~ch I di,lriCrs, the 

univer~ity will face anywhere fr m 
u 17 pereent. 350 million ut to a 
30pcreent, $600 million cuI. While 
~ome of thi~ tkbt c uld have been 
carril'd into the n.:xl yc .. r. Governor 
Wil\on has refu~ed to do ,o.believ-
ing thaI the havoc that ma~~ ive cut, 
would cau\e will help hi~ political 
aim~ oftheG Pcupturing the Hlte 
A"embly from the DemOl:rJts in 
November. 

While the unive~ity refuses 10 
publicly reveJI its plans on how to 
de.a! with these cuts, the university 

budget director recently informed 
me th<lt if the unive~ity were to 
receive the be't-cu.\e scenario of a 
17 percenl cut. and it were to bal-
ance theM! cuts !-. lc1y. on the MU-
dent,' ba k~ , fce~ would have to ri,e 
Jbove the already pl<lnned 550 to 

$2250~ ratotalof$47 per year. 
Additionally . the university 

wouldn t be able toadmltanyof the 
18.000 planned lir~t- yt:ar U \ Iu-
dents for next year. TIli, latter op-
tion hu.., now tx'Corne an impossibil-
ity a\ Ihe univcf\ity has already sent 
out acceptance lellt>f\ ~ r next year. 

fter la\t year'" 40 percent fcc 
im:rcao;e. ~tudcnt of color enroll -
IIlcnh plummeted ~y~tem-wide . At 
U SD alone, dC~ptle an IIlcrca.,e in 
the number of acceptancc Ictte~ 
~enl out. African-American enroll -
ments dr ppcd by 27 percent while 
Chicano cnrollmem, dropped by 6 
percenl. 

nfonun:ltely. with the <lverage 
family income of a typical UC stu-
dent being $63.000 per year, [IS i~ 
eviJent b the 10\ tum ut at Illany 

~tudent fee rallie::.. many students 
~i rnply haven't car<:d abou t the fee 

incre~s . Yet. <!vcn lor theM! ~tu ­
dents, reality will dawn ne"t year. 
rnaJ..ing what was only a battle for 
lowet and middle- income studenh 
e CryOllC'~ baltle . 

Many untenured faculty wi ll be 
laid off and incentives will be given 
for faculty to retire as carly u.\ age 
50. By as early ~ winter 4uarter 
next year. having to cr.tSh all your 
c1a~~es and be wait -listed will be-

FREE 

come more and more the norm ~ 
fewer cour~e are offered. The 
courses that s tudents are able to 
enter will be larger in size and stu-
dents will find fcwerwrittcn a;"ign-
ment, as the budget~ for course read-
ers will be radically sla.shcd. 

Yet none of these cuts nrc ~et in 
tone. Only if university :Idmi ni;.-

tralOrs :Ind faculty are willing 10 
nctively help infoml s tudents of. 
and panicipate in. planned ~tudent 
protests and letter-writingdrivcs will 
thc university be ,'pared from the 
mo,t serious c ut~ in SacrJmento. 
Only if every ~tudent views thi s 
crisisas Iheir responsibility and sac-
rifices their pe~ollaltime next year 
10 panicipate in thc protests will the 
univers ity's politi al weight be felt . 

John Edson 

Wilson's Proposal 
Unfairly Targets Poor 
Editor: 

I w uld likc to tell my fellow 
students about Governor Wilson's 
lutest draconian propo. al. Our gov-
ernor has creJted :1n initiative titled 
the Taxpayer Protection Act . TIle 

ENGRAVING 

if 6 

CRO~~ 
SINCE 1846 

A CROSS REPRE ENTATJVE 
WILL BE I THE UCSD BOOKSTORE 

title i~ a complete misnomer. Actu-
ally the Taxp<lycr Protet:tion Act is 
an attne" on poor. innocuous. inno-
cent citizens. Govemor Wilson's 
proposed cut s would decimate the 
poor, elderly. blind and disabled . 
Furthemlore.this initiative plays on 
d:mgerous stereorypes to dmw mis-
guided ~upport. 

Govemor Wibon 's initiative 
would reduce aid by 10 percent 
acroe!. the board and would I p off 
another 15 percent if an "able-bod-
ied adult." which is defined as n 
mother with two l.mall children. 

ha.~n·t found work in six months. 
Wils n wrote this into hb budget 
legislation becau~e of the undocu-
mcnted, untrue mythology that poor 
people on aid are living extrava-
gantly off the state's gmnt. In renl-
ity. research has found this !>tereo-
type to be largely illusionary for the 
overwhelming majority of the 
people. Mimi Abramovitz, in her 
book Reg ulatillg Iilc Lil'cs 0/ 
Womell, finds that aid to poor moth-
ers i well below theofticial poverty 
level. 

Ifpassed, the initiative would do 
irreparable hann to innocent chil-
dren. The majority (69 perce",) of 
AFDC recipients are children, and 
three in five AFDC families have a 
child five years old or younger. The 
initiative would only force more 
helpless and defenseless children 
into poveny. One pan of the pro-
po 31 would discontinue prenatal 
care for poor women. Depriving 
women of good prenatal care wou Id 

nly cause a surge of ill. premature 
babies who would remain in hospi-
tals' neonatal units for an intemli-
nabl.: nmount of time. 

Perhaps the most controversial 
pan orthe initiative is the statement 
that mothers who conce i ve whi Ie on 
aid will receivenoadditional money. 
This motion is advocated by people 
who buy into the stereotypeoipoor. 
tempomrily dependent mothers as 
"whores" just trying to scam the 
sy!>tcm. On the contmry. the major-
ity of mothers on welfnre nre di-
vorced and have only olle or two 
chi ldren. 

Another incorrect a~!>umption is 
that only people of color receive aid 
and th,lIthey are indiscrimin<lte. In 
fact. N('Wsll'eek repons the majority 
(61 percent) of aid recipients are 
white, and ther reseurch shows 
fewer than one in 10 AFDC families 
have more than three children. Be-
sides being bu.~ed on antediluvian 
stereotypes, the proposal nllows no 
exceptions for mpe, incest. failed 
contrJceptive, etc. 

Finally, this specious bill is the 
govemor's shrewd and subtle way 
of securing hi~ own power. Written 
into the initiative is n statement that 
says. if the legislature hasn 't bal-
anced the budget by June 30, Gov-
emor Wilson has all power to bal-
ance the budget any way he pleJses. 
The impiicationsare so frightening. 
PleUM! cast a VOle for humani ty and 
vote "no" on Wilon's Taxpayer 
Protection Act. 

S,S. Wallace 

JUNES 
9AM- SP M THINK AHEAD! 
TO E G RAVE YOUR 

ROSS WRITING INSTRUMENT PURCHASE, 

l er.&~~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 
SUPPLI E S DEPARTME NT 5 34 - 3786 =~~= OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT lOAM - 5PM 

CITY , MESA , 

Be MIRAMAR 

COLLEGES 

FALL CLASSES 

WILL START • P'OR MORIE IN " ORMATION CALL 584 - 8 5 00 

T h ursday, June 4,1992 

SCORE 
Continued from page 20 
a horrible disease. that people need 
to be carefu I so they don't get itand/ 
or spread it, and that CI'l!rybody is at 

ri~k from iLlt'squiteanolhertotalk 
about Mngic Johnson - he's/am-
ily. 

It ' been said many times, but 
only because it's true: sports are like 
life. There are winners and 10 'ers, 
but nothing lasts forever. The win-
ners come and go. Those who are on 
top one day will be at the bottom 
oon after. 

Sport are a force that tie us 
together. There are no secret hand-
shakes in the fratemity of sports 
fans -=- ju t knowledge. And once 
you ' re in. it' , hard 10 get back out. 

I wouldn't want to leJve. Win or 
lose, a big chunk of my life does 
involve sports, and there's nothing 
[' d do to change thaI. 

Just us my personal athletic ca-
reer was molded by being on losing 
team, my life as n fan involved 
rooting for the lowly San Francisco 

LAST CARD 
Continued from page 19 

So many times, people we tru. t 
and care about let us down. They ' re 
out there. They know who they are. 
Gregg has never let me down. 

I know that you hate all of this 
baloney Badndwagon Boy so I' ll 
quit.Just know that I appreciate it all 
more than I could ever tell ya. 

So that's it. The buzzer went off 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 19 
offense and tight defense. [nsteadof 
carrying the win wi th them into the 
second game, UCSD elf-de-
structed, blowing a 5-2 fifth inning 
lead on the way to an 8-5 1055. Jarrell 
was asking the same question the 
rest of the team was when she said, 
"I don't know how you could beat 
someone, then tum around and lose 
like th:n in the second game:' 

The offensive onslaught was 
nothing new 10 the Tritons who al-
ways po sessed a potent auack, at 
one timeoutscoring their opponents 
37-0 over a four-game stretch. 

Their playoff chances gone, 
UCSD faced powerful Division II 
foe Cal State Dominguez Hills in its 
season-ending doubleheader. The 

Giants and horrific California 
Golden Bears football team. In 1987 
and 1989, the Giants actually be-
came winners. This yeur, the al 
Bears won a New YeJr 's Day bowl 
game. 

In some ways, I miss the old 
duys. but nobody stays on top for 
long. Next year ['11 be at graduate 
school in Berkeley, pulling for the 
Giants and Bears all over again -
for the tirst time in a long time, in 
person. No doubt they' 11 stan losing 
again. I won ' t mind much. 

Soas IleJve UCSD.lherewill be 
no good-bye ,no ecret handshakes. 
I can hope that you'll remember 
some of wh:n I' ve said - perhaps 
you ' ll never think of Bocce Ball or 
Mike Tyson or monkeys the same 
way again . I know that what I've 
seen here won't soon rub off - any 
sports prediction will conjure up 
memories of Prime Picks. and I'll 
undoubtedlycontinuetouse"Yikes" 
in everyday convers::uion. 

We'lI be in different places, but 
we ' ll all till be fans. 

I' ll 'ee you al the ballpark. 

and the third out' s been made. 
won't say I' ve enjoyed every minute 
of it, but I'll admit there have been 
more good times than bad. 

But you won ' t see the last of mt'. 
I think . 

There are s till many more 
women's w:ner polo games to cov.:r 
and many more ~occer champion-

ship~ 10 be won. 
For now though , thai's the new~ 

and I am oUlla here. 

Toros clearly outgunned the Tri-
tons, and it showed as UCSD suf-
fered an 8- 1 selback in the opener. 

) f that first game was a night-
mare. the second turned out to be a 
dream come true. Despite the beat-
ing, the Tritons came out tired up for 
the nightcap and held CSUDH to 
one run, while scrapping for two 
themselves. With the scant one-run 
lead going intQ the seventh inning, 
Jarrell hoped her team wouldn't 
suddenly collapse like it had before. 

There was no collapse, and with 
runners on econd and third. pitcher 
Kim Stutzman picked up the final 
out of the Tritons' most inspired 
game of the season. 

"You can' t ask for a better end-
ing," Jarrell said. The coach can 
only hope the Tritons can tum that 
ending into next year's beginning. 

T he UCSD Guard ian 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulation : 

"'If".,." .. ,,~ .• ~\. r .... ' ...... , ...... ""","" I Iut- "" \f"'O"1 
lJ("SO. ~K1II .... SO".'" 'l\lIh . lI1S ... . n[IJII ..... l ( 'SI>OI U I)-
'''' ''' . 'i3lO0u ,,",IJ.'\'l'l1J 1(). LAklu.C'\ " !(N }..(mf'l, -h . r" .. 
AL.vtOllOftr(!HI\ 11. 5 ... 1\0.14 ........ , ... , n. ~ \IU''''.'~UI''', 
L,.(lIC.4fU.,,, "t. 5nN " C, ... n . , \<11 ... , 'IIn\4 IIIl ."" 

-All UC'SD \1\'0(,,,, U"", "0 1 ~'\I n '10 """'1' III 
l ''I ' U .• u n n I • • GI..'IWI..~" U"" - \lt\j"'"""D~""mll~l. I\J ', 
CU .. IoGiUPUJ' .. IA 

·TIIt " .......... I.on'''"\' .... ml n. ",.\f ,.\ltA .. ., ""'. ' . '. 
" Otflll\fl" I) Al .111 III .... I, - III ., ,,, q \/1111 1111 '''' '' II I'IUIt 
"""I "," _III ., II'NII"VI"U _til .. 1111 VI" • "'''''1' III 
1-UI1{tOIi' .... ",II .. "'h'I\I".~ \111. ""'''' ''''''''111 *1 '1"'1<1 
11111 .... "-4111' .. ... ". Tllllw-" .... "I"'~'I.")1 ~.'''"l.''' .. 
,. ,\"ur'IlJn "'''''' 11''' 11'" n)'\~IIIIIUU'I""'.\-11' 

O()-." u"-t '''U'o' .... fII.", .. "'ItVltJ ... .. \H" ·.''401,1,. 
'''IIU1'' "'111 ., A •• 11"1' 0 [ .. 1 1111'.,.' \I til .. , II (~I UIIH" tI\ .... " 

· TI" (,M " ',. ..... "I"\I ~ "III ""11\1 .. '1'1111'".1'1111''' 
H nJ',l',. ,0., 1"1.1,,' MI , le i .... ,.\ 1,. ... '111'.11\1 .1.,1 ",.,UI 
U M"'II,'" 0." I """'1111 ,,~ .. \I IU',,'" \",1" I .. J'~I" 
\ ~I-.ut ~ ~IU A I/\lut .,' .. "" .... II II, "''''" .IIU·,I" 11 
"II .. ..... .,,,,"' .. ,.,, "110101'1 .. '" IIN\Il/ ... 1",.. '''' ,., ... ,... 1\ 

Last week's questions: 
I. Who won the 1992 Indy SOD'! Al 
Unser Jr. 
2. True or fabc: A~ of May 27. Ihe 
Padres had four players among the 
lOp 10 bauing averagc~ in the L. 
True 
3. Which Grand Slam l enni ~ event 
began on Monday. May ~5 th? 
French Open 
4. Which team~ were in the Stanley 
Cup Final? Chicago llIackhawks 
and Pittsburgh Penguins 
5. Who was the Rookie of the Year 
at thi s year's Indy 500'1 Lyn '1. 
James 
6. As of May 27. who leads Ihe 
major leagues in home runs? Mark 
McGwire 
7. Where i, the Division) College 
World eries held? Omaha, Ne-
braska 
8. Which b~ebnll te:lm recently 
suffered a bus accident that left its 
manager ho~ pitulizcd? California 
Angels 
9. What is the ma~cot of the Univer-
siry of Massachussens? The Min-
utemen 
10. How many athletes did UCSD 
take 10 the Division III track and 
field championships? 15 

Thisweek'swinner-Bill Reeves, 
Revelle, Junior, Poli Sci, San Diego 

Runner"!> Up - List of 10 at BJ's 

CWD Political Film Series Presents 

K EVIN COST NER 

JFK 
n. 5..., n.t 1190" Co AoA, ~ 

fDl tI» ._.-=-...= ~t!>~ -------

Friday, J one 5 
SLH 107 7 pm 

FREE FILM! 
Sponsored by CWO. TWS, and ASUCSO ActivilY 

JFK is director Oliver Stone's stirring film on the alleged conspiracy behind the 
assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Kevin Costner tars as Jim Garrison, the 
former New Orleans District Attorney whose book, "On the Trail of the Assassins," 
helped fuel the fire of consriracy theories. One of the most controversial and talked 
about films of the year! Director: Oliver Stone; 1992; 188 min. 

Robert Groden, Chief 'Technical Advisor on JFK, will be the evening's guest 
speaker. Mr, Groden is accepted as the leading authority on the photographic evidence 
in the Kennedy assassination. Since 1970, Mr. Groden has been a technical consultant 
on photographic and ot.'ter evidence relating to the assassination of President' Kennedy. 

*SPECIAL: Mr. Groden will be giving a slide presentation and lecture on the 
evidence contradicting the War ren Report. Friday, June 5, 12 - 2 pm, at HSS 
1106. FREEt 

_ ' MAIL 80= ETC: 

mo Regents Rd. #113 (in the Vons Center) 
San Diego, CA 92t 22 
Tel. 453-7332 · Fax 453·7335· M·F 8306. Sal. 9 30-4 

SPORTS 13 

r faVorit'e Ben & 
ry'6 ice cream 

·A laye.rof--our 
fudcjy, chewy,fich 
c.hocolate brownies 
·!10reeuphoric 

I c.e. cream or 
fr-ozen )'ogul"'t 

-More brownies 
urspecia\ message 

.... ''P~I'"\ whippe9 ~ 
Qt- bu1i'erc.reQm .fr-06ting 

BERII~ERRY·S. 
VERMONT'S FINEST • ICE CREAM @ FROZEN YOGURT • 

4150 Regents Park Rd. • La Jolla. 
587-3680 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

tJ ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 

o CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 
TIRES Reg. 27.95 

o SIDI CYCLING SHOES 

25% OFF! 

NOW $19.95 

Reg. 69.95-89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 
o ALL JANND NYLON 

BACKPACKS & BAGS 

o GIRO HELMETS 

o ALL AVOCET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

20% OFF! 
200f0 0FF! 

20% OFF! 

CLFARANCE SALE 
ON ALL REMAINING 

'9181KES 
All sale items limited to stock on hand . 

UCSD BIKE SHOP in the Student Center 
Hours : Mon. · Fri. 10AM- 5PM 

534-4279 



14 SPORTS 

We pacIaIge It and ship It. too! 
Call the moving company 10 
move a whole houseful of 
fumlture. Call us when the job's 
too small for them. 

, Insured 
, Pickup service I free estimates 
, Tape boxes. packing materials and 
more for do it yourselfers 

, We ship anything from I to 1.000 
Ibs.-a single piece to a roomful 
of furniture 

.ckaging 5~ore 
, Professional. custom crating and 
packaging 792·2299 

IN DEL MAR 12750 Carmel Country Road .• Ste. 113 
San Diego. CA 92130 

15°0 STUDENT DISCOUNT 

SUMMER THEATRE ARTS PROGRAM FOR CHILDREN 
Chil.ln·" lid, .Iir~,·t , .Iesign 
pluys entirely of thrir OW/1 
.I('vising an.l perfonn them 
in 1111 oUldoor theatre. 

ProjN' I -ori~n tcd trllining 
in sillt:ing , (Oombnt, voi('t'. 

IIIQvt'mt'n l, 111 .. 1 rin'us "'itb 11 facuity of nin., lileutn' "ruf,·s.iollal. ! 
Lust yt'll r W0 8 u s .. lIont! June 29-Augll sl 210t The Children's 
chool in La Jolla . Places st ill uvui laIJI" in all age groups: 5-6~ 7-8, 

9-11 , 12-I,t Co li 454-0184 for dctojl~ . 

The "Sun " is always shining at 2 
325t Holiday Ct. • -;? -~ ~~:rUCSD) Trim & Tan call 455.0$q,~ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

' Flrsr lime C"~/US only w/rh rhls coupon 

~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call for Oelails • 2nd 30 Ian days $39,99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
NOt a temporary waler loss' Reduce cellulite and stretch mal1<s 

Boston U ni vcrsity 
Explore the World 

Through Study Abroad 
Internship Programs 

London. England 
Pan, Francc 

Sydney. Austr.alia 
Washington. D,C 

L.ana-ceJUberai Arts 
Procnms 

Grcnobk, France 
HaiS. Israel 

M:Wrid. Spain 
Niamey, NIger 

Olc&d. EnglAnd 
P:tdova. I taJy 

Summer PreztMl's 
,reIXe. londoll, Madrid, Mona . Padova. P~ris. 

ydncy. U RlRastem Europe, W~hington. D.C. 
Ft-r p"~r"'m l~tllflJ culrlpll. tr ,A, ("WI"'" brIuw dtld ",all il In 

Iost .... lIINvtnlt,. hie_I ................ 
H2 fI,y ~UI< R""t.tJo.jR.. 80>10", Mil Oll tS 6171); -9!!88 

\Utl.· 

I N.amr 
I dd,« 
I ( "If) 

( 'nlk~"'/Unl\"f\It) I I'h<lnc L J 
\ulU rlH'r ., F.all n \pnll~ n 19_ I Int.mmip '",,,,oms Un ...... ''''I'''"'s 

I ""1 1 Hndoll , (,rrnohll' O",l(lrd (;n.',-'t\, n U'SR. I 
I ' IJ.m'l , I bib ., P.ldovol I ('Ollml PH'" n W"lIihUl~(\n 

., ~)'ll,,<y ., M.dnd M ,dnJ ~ d'k'V I 
L: ~'~=- - -~I~'Y ____ ~'::: ______ --.J 

The: UCSD Guardian Thursday, June: 4, 1992 

Women's Tennis Swings Back 
• UCSD takes third at 
Division ill nationals 
By Brae Seeel 
Staff W"ter 

The UCSD women's tennis team 
found out first-hand the rewards 
that hard work and dedication can 
bring. 

Head Coach Liz LaPlante and 
A istant Coach Christi,le Behrens 
wereinstrumentaltotheteam's uc-
ce thi year. LaPlante, Division 
m "Coach of the Decade" com-
mented, "We are pleased with the 
way the eason went. Everyone 
peaked at the right week of the 
season [nationals). We are looking 
forward to next year." 

Highlight ' of this season were 
numerou . 

UCSD salted the Banana Slugs 
of UC Santa Cruz in a five-hour 
long match and put them to Jeep 

witha 9-0 victory. TopsingJe play-
ers Robyn Inaba and Amanda Lynch 
were invited to auend the Mills 
College toumament, where they met 
upwi th 120fthe finest players from 
California. The top si Northem 
Californiaplayerscompeted against 
the top six players from Southem 
California. 

The Tritons also defeated 
Claremont,leavingtheStag peech-
less with another record 9-0 win. 

{naba, Lynch, Diane Chandler, 
and Nicole Hou e hit the road for 
some intense matches at the Ojai 
tournament, where they faced top 
Divi ionllteam UCDavi andUC 
Riverside. Chandler battled the num-
ber-one player from Cal Poly 
Pomona and although she lost, Chan-
dler displayed both physical and 
mental poise. 

Mo t recently, the Tritons were 
among el itecornpany in Kalamazoo, 

Michigan for the NCAA Division 
IIJ national championships. where 
they placed third in the nation. TIle 
top eight Triton players attended: 
Inaba. Carla Nicolas. Chandler, 
Catherine Yim, Lynch. Birdie 
Ges ford. Michelle Wilbur and 
House. 

lnaba. ranked ninth overall, com-
peted against the top32 singles play-
ers in the country. lnaba and House 
were also ranked ninth for double 
and faced 16 of the top teams in the 
country. 

;OWe really came together at na-
tionals. What made the deciding 
factor for the team was the strength 
of our double which pulled 
through," lnaba said. 

"We need now to focus on being 
more aggressive in tenns of the road 
to take for improvement. Next year 
looks very promi ing." the junior 
added. 

Men's Tennis Tums on Heat at Nationals 
• UCSD tum around disappointing 
season with strong national showing 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men' tennis team had one of its more 
di appointing regular season thi year, but rebounded 
with a trong perfonnance at the national champion-
ships in Atlanta. 

Head Coach Tim Ditzler, in his first season. led the 
Tritons to a 5-13 regular season record and a seventh-
place fini 'h at nationals. Chad Morse led the squad's 
anack at both number-one singles and doubles. 

John Cros joi ned Morse at number -one doubles and 
also filled in at the number-two singles slol. Jeff8ethard 
played singles at number-three and teamed up with 
Carter Hedrick at number-two doubles. Hedrick also 
played single at number four. 

Vern Yamell pitChed in at number-five singles and 
number-three double. Robbie Ho took the number-six 
pot on the roster. Other key players included Brian 

Kaplan, Roy Gessford, and Chris Belloli. 
The Tritons tarted off the sea~on on the wrong foot 

with three straight losses to Cal Stare Bakersfield. Air 
Force. and SUNY-Binghamton. The team then re-
bounded with a 9-0 crushing of the University of 
Rochester. 

Midway through the season. back-to-back losses to 
MIT and UCSC gave the Tritons a 2-8 marie 

Following these two losses, UCSD pulled off an-
other important win over 16th-ranked Williams Col-
lege (MA). 

Then. when it looked as though the squad might tum 
thing around. they lost five straight matches. 

The Tritons needed to defe.'1t their final two oppo-
nents in order to receive a possible postseason playoff 
berth. They accomplished thi by cruising pa~t Oc i-
dental. 9-0. and Point Loma azarene. 5- 1. 

With the~e two wins. UCSD received word that it 
--- --- -----

had been selected as 
the 12th seed, in a 
pool of 12 team • in 
nationals. 

The trip to Atlanta 
tumed out to be the high-
light of the season for the 
Tritons. 

The team 
squeaked by 
the Golden 
Gustie of 
Gustavus 
Adolphus in 
the first round of 
the tournament, 5-4. Next 
came the number-three seed 
of the tournament, 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps. 
who outgunned the Tritons 6-2. 

The loss forced UCSD into the consolation bracket 
to face seventh-seeded Emory, the host school. The 
Tritons came up empty, as the Falcons swept past them, 
6-0. 

With this loss, UCSD was bumped into the seventh-
place game, which pitted it against its regular season 
foe, the University of Redlands. 

'The Tritons avenged their loss with a 5-2 victory 
which gave them sole possession of seventh place in the 
toumament. 

To cap off their successful postseason play. Morse 
and Cross were selected to panicipate in the individual 
competition at nationals. 

Morse 10 t his match in the first round to Nathan 
Eddy from Kalamazoo in a lough three-setter, 64. 3-6, 
7-6. Cross defeated Brian Maebiu from Dennison 
College 10 his first-round match, 7-6, 6-3. but lost to 
Tufts University's Brian Nurenburg in the econd 
round, 6-3. 6-2. 

w. POLO 
Continued from page 20 
dominate the competition as they 
tmun ed the San Diego State lub 
14-6 in late April. 

of an intense two-day tournament. 
The Aggies responded by throwing 
their coach into the pool in celebra-
tion. 

Ju t three weeks before the na-
tional tournanlent, UCSD finisbed 
third at the Westem Qualification 
Toumament,compilinga3-1 record 
for the weekend. 

That weekend, Davis had the 
upper hand as it knocked off a weary 
UCSD squad 7-2 in the fifth game 

CREW 
Continued from page 19 
was the annual PeRC held in Sacra-
mento. Participant in the event are 
from the two rowing organizations 
on th We~t Coast- the Pac- IO 
schoob and schools that row for 
WIRA (Western Intercollegiate 
Rowing ssociation). The re ults 
of the weekend were especially 
pleasing for the men's team. The 

UCD reacted in a similar way 
after wining the tournanlent in 1991 
before finally losing to UCSD in the 
national toumament. 

"Davis celebrated early just like 
(1991)," said Harper after the con-
test. 

One month later, it's Harper and 
the Tritons who are celebrating their 
victory. 

novice four race in particular was 
considerably close with the Triton 
men 10 ing by only one-half boat 
length to Sacramento State. In the 
novice eight Grand Final, the Tri-
ton I t to local rival San Diego 
State by a mall margin of one ec-
ond. 6:22 to 6:21. The closest race 
of the season was a los to Oregon 

~te' varsity eight in the Petite 
Final. 

The results forthe Triton women 

UCSD Head Coach Denny Harper 

were especially pleasing for the: nov-
ice team. 

The first of two novice eights 
reached the Petite Finals with the: 
second placing fifth in the Grand 
Final behind Oregon State, Cal, Sac-
ramento State and UC Davi . re-
spectively. 

In the fonner event, the novices 
al placed fifth behind Stanford . 
UCSD beat Long Beach State ear-
lier thi season in the varsity four. 

--------------------------------------------.----------_._---._.----------------------
-----~.--.-------

Thursday, June: 4, 1992 

Retail SltlealCustomer Service 
SUMMER WORK 
Inri retail chain. 400 FT & PT pos .. 
temp. & perm., flex. hrs .. no expo 
nec .. will trainl 

Starting Pay Rate $10.25 
College Students: paid Internships 
possible and some scholarships 
awarded. For Info ofl,job openings in 
Alaska. Hawaii, Washingon , Oregon. 
Northern California, Northern Ne· 
vada. Idaho. Utah. Montana. and 
Wyoming. call our 24·hour Regional 
Placement Directory to find the 10' 
cation nearest you : (707)573-3510. 

Dinner 
Delivered! 

Dorm • Home • Office 
lAJOlIA 

GOURMET DEUVERY 
from La Jolla's Restauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

INJURED 
IN AN ACCIDENT? 

• All Types of injuries • 

Call Today for a Free 
Legal Consultation 

232-0911 

FIND 
Roommates 

Tickets 
Cars 
Bikes 

Rentals 

Jobs 
Computers 

and more In the 
UCID GUARDIAN 

CLMSIFiEDS 
upitairs In tbe Studftlt Ceoter, 

.bove tbe General Store. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Volleyball Sets for Next Year 
• Lack of consistency 
and intensity plague 
the Tritons during '92 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

TIle 1992 UCSD men's volley-
ball season was one for Head Coach 
Rod Wilde to evaluate both hi~ pro-
gram and his players. 

UCSD had an overall record on 
win ' and 17 losses including tour-
namentplay. TheTritonshadtrouble 
maintaining consistency and inten-
· ity throughout the season. 

Midway through the eason. 
Wilde tried to take a more relaxed 
outlook with his tyli ' h, pastel-<:ol-
ored Hawaiian apparel and told the 
team to go out, have fun and nor 
worry about winning. 

UCSD finished up the season 
placing second in the Triton Classic 
behind UC Santa Cruz. 

According to Wilde, he expects 
nothing but po itives in 1993. 

TIle Tritons were in Division III 
and had a home schedule of other 
Division ill teams. But next year 
they are moving into the Mountain 

Pacific Division. which will allow 
theTritonstohostDivi ionl schools 
at home. Wilde says the reason for 
the move is because it will allow 
him to attmct more top-notch play-
ers to the progr.un. 

U LA.USCandnational cham-
pion Pepperdine are all Division I 
schools. The Trilons lost to all three 
teams during the '92 : ea.-.on but 
Wilde says the home c un advan-
tage will be a definite advantage In 
the years to come. 

"We're shooting to be very com-
pelitive in three years." Wilde ~aid . 

Vinually the entire team from 
the '92 season is retuming with the 
exception of graduating senior~ 
Gerry Goldstein and Paul Warren. 
Along with the retuming player ' are 
three excellent promising fre~hman 
who redshirted the 1992 season: 
Tom Black. Eric Nielsen and Lance 
Taschner. 

Wilde and hi coaching staff did 
extremely well in recruiting thi~ year. 
even grabbing Travis Ferguson.one 
of the nation' s top setters. from Simi 
Valley. They also have eight other 
recruits coming in. 

SPORTS 15 

Oan McDowefV Guoman 
Matt Brega will return to lead the UCSD men's volleyball team in 1993. 

UCSD Track Has Record-Setting Year ~~~~~~L 
• Tritons get their be t 
fmish ever at the 
Division III meet 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

It wouldn't be too much of an 
exaggeration to say that this has 
been an unbelievable season for the 
UCSD track team. The Triton ' 
boasted 10 All-Americans after the 
team's be ' t combined fini sh at the 
national championships last week. 
and reached another milestone by 
having a national champion on both 
the men's and women' side. 

The men's team, traditionally 
overshadowed by the powerful 
women's ·quad. exploded onto the 
national scene by placing 12th at the 
NCAA Division liI championships. 

Led by the hammer throwing 
threesome of national champion and 
Division III record-holder Scott 
Sargeant. third-place finisher Paul 
Cogbill and fourth-place Jeff Tay-
lor, UCSD placed three athletes in 
the top five, the first time oneM:hool 
haseverdonethat in any event at the 

national championships. 
Erica Washington led the 

women's team to a six th-place fin -
ish by capturing the 100-meter 
crown in a school-record time of 
12.01 seconds. 

Washington ended up sell i ng four 
school records over the course of 
thecompetition, twoeachinthe 100 
meters and as pan of the 4x 100 
metcr relay. 

TIle women are one of only two 
teams in the country that have been 
able to fini 'h in the top six at the 
national meet for the last four years. 

"It's gelling harderto break those 
school record ." Stanforth said. 
Nevertheless, the Tritons broke 13 
marks this year, including seven by 
the men. the 010 t they have ever 
broken. "The men's team this year 
was better than we've ever been." 
Stanforth said. In addition, the two 
teams took 15 competitors to the 
national meet, the most UCSD has 
ever qualified. 

The California Collegiate Ath-
letic Association championship 
were another proving ground for the 

'---Alfie's 
AUTHENTIC ENGLISH 

n~H~CHIP& 
ALL You CAN $ 399 EAT 

uc 
so 

t t am-8 pm Monday thru Friday. 
Fish &... Chips or Fish Tacos 

566·1341 ALAEfSil • 
II c.r ... la..J i 

N 
i-:L-'--:-J 0-:1"'-1 .--1 .. Ira", • I Ad . <.)15 

V~1agt 

6780 Miramar Rd. 
(Behind Cart's Ir., comer of 

Commerce &. Miramar) 
••••••• :····-0/:-0 •• : 

• 5 0 lar price receIve the • 
menu item at regu · • 

• Buy one second of equal or less value at • 

: 1/2 prlc.~ •••••• 
L....----t •••••••••• 

Erica Washington 
n:ltional meet forUCSD. Both te.1Il1'> 
surprised the fie ld with the men 
fini Shing up in fourth while the 
women took third . . 

The multi -dimensional Sargeant 
broke the school record in the dl ,cu, 
during the conference meet wi 11 a 
throw of 173-1 0. whi le the mCIl', 
4x400 relay pulled off the bi, ,t 
up:.el of the day by finbhing \el'omJ 
against the all-Division II competi-
tion. 

ce . ~ in 1992 were seveml individu-
als who established marks in the 
Triton record book. Senior hurlcr 
Brent Hanscn (10-0) tied the ,ingle-
~ason record with his 10 wins. while 
finishing fourth with 83,trike-out,. 
Hansen\ 1.98 ERA :.Ibo qualified 
him for fifth on th.: Tritons' single-
season be~t s. 

CCllIcrficider Ernie Isola ,et the 
singk·,ca,on double~ mark with 17 
in Ihe '92 campaign. while his.404 
dip wa, the thi rd best ever for a 
Triton. 

Other Tritons to reach the record 
books were first baseman David 
Rex. chasing home;J tt:am-Ieading 
4 runs to put him fifth on the ,ingle-
\cason list. Rex' s eight towe.ring 
home run, were also ,ufficient to 
put him utnumbereight in the record 
books. 

Catcher Dominic Dirksen made 
a name for himself with his stellar 
play behind thc plate. commilling 
onlyoneenoraJl !>Cawn. Thateamed 
Dirksen a .996 fielding percentage. 
tying him f rtif!>t place in the,ingle-
se:bon record book. 

4·WHEEL $6895 I 
BRAKE SPECIAL I 
MaSI cars ' I ·yr. wa"amy incl. replacemem pads & rear shoes I 
Repack bearings, Inspect hnes. hoses. seals. cabbrallon & 

L'oad le~ Semi·melallic or~.asbeSIOS ~a. ___ .-J 

HEAD 
GASKET $185°° 
Labor + parts 

SMOG $1300 
CERTIFICATE ,4." 
Most cars + certIfIcate ... ' 

OIL CHANGE 
up to 5 qls of 011 $1495 
+ filter 15·pt 
service check 

TIMING $9500 BELT 
Labor + parts 



" . 

, 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
D1....utJon wort. ......... Complele yourdls! er 
tallon. Forwnuen Informat.onor schedullna. call 
692-0966. Pos\Cfadoale ,roup. 13/~/4) 

~AREL ZONE Dcsi/lner 130eiS fo< S().~ off! 
8250 Camino Santa Fe. 450-3323. (4M/4 ) 

JET TO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SUMMER. just 
5269 w.th AlRHITCH(r) (no a5lenskS and no r&-
slliCtJOnS - can I>e onew~ or eacll w"") as 
descnbed In Consumer ReportS & Hatvaro · Le"" 
Go Europe· gwde. For pruned program deset\jX1OO 
& reg. fOO!\'l. calI 8O().397-1098. (4/2~/4) 

~CT1ng with people at UCSD can be di"1-
cu~ . NOT ANY _ I InUOducl"ll Tri ton Tel. a 
lunwaytomeelpeopl IromUC SO. people whO 
you would NEVER have met Olhe",lsel Yes. 
tilcre _ some (900) number services that are 
OK! See the lorm l>elow. (5/1~/4 ) 

_. ""_1 Chod<OUI Ihe GuaItIIirl Fall 
0rIentau0n Issoc Moroat. Sept. 21 51.. (5.I2U/4) 

EARN MONEY CoUples ma-ried lor a year 01' rno<e 
noeoeo as St.qe<:ls forOlssettaOon researCII project. 
Will taI<e about 1 hour. couple Will be palO $15 for 
\heir partICipation. 4560465. (6/14) 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargain . 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UeSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587 -3680 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona .......... 456·1579 
Domlno's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Heidl's ....................... ... 450-3044 
La Jolla Brewmg Co .... 456-BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483-9991 
Royal Thai CUIsine ...... 456·2063 
Siralford Coffee House 481 -8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Aulo .. ... .. ... 695-1990 
Miramar Auto Tech .... 578-1692 
Robert's ....................... 275-1132 
Tom'S ........ ........ ........... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .. ....... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

ueSD HAIR 
Young Allitudes ............ 457-3334 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 

ueSDBEAUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD HEALTH II FITNESS 
Alh)ete Cydery .... ......... 277-8255 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
Dr. McDonald. Opt. ...... 279-5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS .459-5565 

ueSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............ .455-5545 
Diva F)owers ............... 558-6666 
UCSDTRAYEL 
CounCil Travel ............. .452-0630 

UeSD SELF STORAGE 
Mila Mesa Self Star ..... 453-0511 
Miramar al Cabot ......... 549-0500 

UCSD TESTING 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 277·6744 
MCA T Review ............. .456-4848 
Hyper1earning .............. .455-1 000 

UeSD ETC. 
Audiofile ........... ............ 459-Fll E 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 277-6744 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
MD labs ............. .......... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Video Gallery ............... 452-1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578-5745 
SI. Germain's .............. .455-1414 

The UCSD GuardiaJI 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified ad\'errising is sold in 15 -word illCl'emellls. The I' lfe per 15 words is $ 1 for 
sllIdel1ls ifor personal use Oll/Y) , $3 for/a cltlly and sraff, alld $4 f or orhers . Payment 
ill ad v(lJu;e i required; rherefore , ads mList be mailed Wilh a check (made payable 
10 The UCSD Guardian) or presented ill perSOIl . Deadlines qre 3 p .m . Thursday f or 
Monday's issue , alld 3 p .m . Mondayfor T JllIrsda 's issue. The Guardian resen 'es the 
right to refllse a llY advertising ineluding but not limited to compallionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316 , La Jolla. CA 92093-03 / 6 . A ctual address: Student Ce flferA , topj7oor. 

UCSD POl ICE BICYCLE AUCTION SATURDAY. 
JUNE6. 9a.m 50+ BICYCLES. $1 REFUNDABLE 
BIDDER CARD. CASH OR CHECK ONLY. CORNER 
OLO MIRAMAR AND REGENTS RD. (6/4) 

Special Finals Schedule EXTENDED STUOY 
HOURS South StudY Room of Und ritaduate 
Library. JUNE !>-12. Mldnl&"t 3 a m. Sponsored 
Oy unoergraduate Library. CSO' s ana ASUCSD. 
(6/4) 

SERVICES 
SHIPPING. MOVING? Gel your stuff togcthel . 
we ·1I do the rest. The Packaging Store . 792-
2299. (5/1B-6/4) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal Copy. Only 
$5.95. While you wall. Xero~cs and more. Near 
SI. Germaln·s. 4529949. (9/236/4) 

VIOLIN,IVIOlA L£SSONS You or yourchlkl(rpn) can 
learn from an elljlCnenced. profeSSIOnal leacller 
NON accepting students - all ag~s ana IeYcls 
welcome. Call Conrnd 552.()494 (3/30-6/4) 

Olga Batl - ElectrologlSI. 1200 to 1500 halfs 
per hour 3256 Holld.'ly Court Siudent diS 
counts. 558-4644/226-1962. (3/30-6/4) 

ATTORN[y. DUI. DMV. Harassment. Family. 
Hous"". Educallon. Immleratlon. Consumer 
PrOblems FREE CONSULTAfiON. SI UDENT 
RMES. 4~03. (5/146/4) 

CONNECTing With people al UCSD can be dlff. 
cull. NOT ANY MOREllntrodUIClng Tilton Tel . a 
fun way 10 meet people from UCSD. people who 
youwouldNEVER havemetothcrwlsel Yes . there 
a,. some (900) number servICes thaI arc OK! 
See ti>C 10m, [)clow 15/14~/4) 

VOUfYBALlLE5S0NS-Summer IS here. time 
to rehne your bump. stt and sPlke

' 
E>.pellenced 

lIeyl)all Instructor " ,'I teach highly personal 
Iled lessons in grass. sana Of tncJoorlccnnlQUCS 
If you wdntto learn volleyball rasl. make the call 
- Greg. 546-1421 (5/ 146/ 41 

MACINTOSH SERVICES' Don't pay bookstore 
PIICCSI We trouOleshOOl ano repalf ell Macln 
tosh computers . llloeo. lIoppy. hl)(d anve. up-
grades. etc. On s~e service ""allable. Fast. 
friendl y. guaranleed service slllce 1989 . 
ERICTRONICS 581 2339. 15/ 266/4) 

WORD PROCESSING/ DESKTOP PUBlISHING -
papers . resumes . manuscripts elc. Laser print-
Ing PlOolread/spellcheck. RuSh service & PICk 
UP/delivery available. From S200/ pa(!e Nexl 
day seNice on "lOst orders. Sharon 48 1-7604 . 
(6/1-6/4) 

FOR SALE 
Ine,pens· '<l deSk. twin Oed ana eleCtnc guitar. 
Allin gleat shape. 558 2469. (5/14-6/4) 

Futt sile f\.(on <Wld Iratre SBO/best: 6 drawer 
dresser $lOO/best: a<mo~e dresser 5100/best: 
des!< 575/beSL caR 793-3515 (5/26-6/4) 
'81 Toyota Corolla. 83.000 ml .. AM/ FM cas· 
selle . AfC. sunroof. automatoc. Sl000/besl. 
793-3515. 15/2&6/4 ) 

Sofa/hlOe abed. beige. Sl 50/best: coffee table. 
oak ana glass. 575. Call 793-3515. (5/2&6/4) 

'79 HondaCX5OOdelUlle molorcycle 42Kmlles 
Backres\. helmet. cryotOI1llC lock. CO\'er. Color: 
Burgundy. 5550 272 2729 (Steve). (5/266/4 ) 

Cr-Ished & ",""""red Instruments: Yamaha trun> 
pet $175. fen<Jer telecaster w/cuslorn Gibson 
lead pock-up $175. 2722729. (5/2&6/4) 

Bike for sale - 10 speed Peugeot. 558 7553. 
560 000.15/266/ 4 ) 

Honda Scooter. Elile 50. Red. aood con<JltlOn. 
19B7. Perfect for l>each/campus. $500 obo 
457-5307. (5/26·6/4) 

Sutftloardl fo< salel Summer IS ncre! Bronze 
age/Elewa. Good Condition . 5100. 457·5307. 
(5/2&6/4) 

Sutftloatcls. Summer's here. water's warm! New 
and used boards. All sIZes and shapes Cheao. 
552.Q920. (5/26-6/4) 

1987 Honda Interceptor 700- 15.700 miles. 
new parts. darl< blue. Includes helmet. $3100. 
Call 558 6729 (5/2&6/4) 

Mountain bike SchWinn Sierra $70. Call 558-
0281 . (5/26-6/4) 

Sony XR7180 pull<>ut car steteo . E>.cellcnt 
COndition. bought new 5400. Musl sell 5175 
695-1169. (5/28-6/4) 

19B3 Toyota Corolla Automauc. runs g!Catl 
Reliable. gOOd conditIOn. $2.300 Ask for An-
drea - 4529057. (5/28-6/4) 

Suzuki FSSO Scooter. Unusual deSign. Runs 
great. Red/WMe With basket. Faster than ordl 
nary 50cc scooters. 50 H miles/galion. UCSO 
permit. Fun to "de. $325 firm. (anytime. leave 
message) 457-4782. (5/28-6/4 ) 

Queen futon & frame. 12· thick 590: glass table 
w/2 cheirS S80: Ig. wicker chair $15: card table 
510. 3-drawet chest 525: glass end tables SiD. 
Heather. 488-0864. (5/28-6/41 

AST PNfriunV286 (IBM __ I: 10 MHz. 
EGA monitor. 2400B Intemal mooem. math 
ooproceSSOf. trad<bali. dotmatrix pnnter. 5.=15 -HD 
dis!< Onve. 3 5· 1.44MB dislcdrM!. 2 harddrM!s & 
manuals. $7SO. Call Rich 55&5768. (5/28-6/4) 

SURFBOARD- 65- G&S han<Jcrafted thruster. 
Leash Included. Great cOMilion. $125 cash. 
811an 546-0269. 16/1-6/4) 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

1DM~ Master Mechanics 
exclusively \J\N and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

·Mlul presenl coupon ond volld ucso lOot lome of e.hmote 
Nol IIOIld' With major engine or transmiSSIOn IcpQirS 

i 1450:94941P.~ 
. via ; _ .. - ... "'~. 

IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWs OR AUDIS, 
ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T 

DISCOVERED Us YET, ASK Us FOR REFERENCES. 

5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

Sofa w/ queen pull-oul bcd. Maroon. E>.cellent 
conditIOn. Must see. $350 obo. 272-6089.16/ 
16/4) 

Super Single waterbed. excellent coMition. Qe. 
livery and sel up. $2500bo. 229 8147. (6/1-6/ 
41 

Two new 125 watt speakers. 2 year warranl y. 
paid $560. Must sell! 5200000. 587·1299.16/ 
16/4) 

Scooler - Yamaha R,va Jog With basket and 
kryptol1lle lock. 1200 mi. 5800 obo. LOri 793-
5654. (6/1 6/4) 

Maclnlosh Fa,/Data modem. Intcrtax 24/96. 
As new condition. With box & warranty. 5250 
obo. Call Jerry 578-2079. (6/1-6/4) 

1979 Toyota Corolla. stick. 90.000 mi. Good 
cOllOlllon

' 
$875. Call 558-8139. (6/1-6/4 ) 

'86 HollOa Spree. Low miles. Fall condition. 
Needs balleIY charge. Fun transportation! 5350 
obo. Erica 558-6522. 16/1-6/4) 

1973 Classic Kllarma Chi. - 51700/000. reo 
built engine . new brakes. runs beautifully - Call 
Paranee: 457 5938_ (6/1-6/4) 

MOVING SAI.£: 700W MICrowave $60: Queen 
futon & frame 580: woks 55. plates ... Paranee 
457-5938. (6/1-6/4) 

Surfboard: B.5 foot Becker Longboard. Smale fin. 
gOOd conclillon. 5120. Pete 792-8494. (6/1-6/4) 

Sex for sale! Not really. bt.t everything else I 
have Is.l~speed bike $70 . Queen size futon w/ 
frame $50: couch. deSk. folding chairs and 
more! BIYan 270-8415 or 454-3432. (6/1-6/4) 

MacPlus and ImageWllter $600. Desk with 
bookshelf 540. Twin bed $35. Dena 546-9044. 
(6/1-6/4) 

MoVing must sell - tWin mamess and box 
s",lng $75. while bookcase 5 shelves $20. 
white desk and computer stand 525 each. 

k~chen table 515. large dresser S20. All ilke 
new - Usa 457·2683 aher 2 p.m. (6/1·6/4 ) 

15- Pile SUtrNoofel " encloscre. Come see <Wld take 
for 535 abo. can George at 457-4393.16/1-6/ 4) 

'81 AccortI. new engine. mecI13nlCally a 53.000 
car. a Sl eal at $1.600 000. 755-7029. (6/ 1-6/4) 

Roundtrip ticket anywilcre in the U.S. antyime 
$300. 75~7029. (6/1-6/4 ) 

Twin Oed. E>.cel condo 550: 2 1/2' x 6 ' taole. 
525. Price negotiable. Both available June 13. 
455-1716. (6 /1-6/ 4) 

Suzuki 50cc Motorcycle (like HoMa Elite). Xlnt 
condo Starts easy. runs great. 5350. Dave 481· 
0736. (6/ 1-6/4) 

L ____________________ ~ 

Thur day, June 4, 1992 

SII1&'. bed: white rod lion and brass day bed 
Irame. new mattress. 4 523546 16/16/41 

Wetsull - full SUII. excell nt condition. 570 
Call Sr EVE- 755 149 1. Leave Mess",e. 16/ 4) 

MOVING SAlE: 1986 Honda Elile 80 (runs OUt 
has 011 leak). 5200: Lar&C Table/Desk (2.5' ,6'). 
550: Bean Baa. $30. All Pnces Negotlaole. Call 
Wi lliam. 688-1301 (Leave Message). (6/4) 

BIKE RACK. Altaches to the bumper 01 l he car. 
Boughl lo r 550. Will sell lor $25 obo Call Ralph 
at 587·1456. (6/4) 

MICrowave. great cond~ion. 575 obo. Oakley 
Frogsklns Sunglasses, new 540000. CIIldy 558-
3685. (6/4) 

Cannondale Raclngblke 5350 obo. IBM Compat· 
Ible 286 With hardClrM!. pnnter. Stand. $750 
obo. Rob 481·5 122. (6/ 4) 

EMPTY ALUMINUM KEGS FOR SALE. 512. abo. 
Call PETER 558-5934. (6/ 4 ) 

CURE concert tockets: 3 extra tockels. 17th row 
lloorcentersectlOll-Wed. June 24 . 587·3671. 
16/ 4 ) 

fULL SIZE COUCH WITH QUEEN SLEEPER. EARTH 
TONES $100 OR BEST OffER. MICHELLE 453-
2925.16/4) 

Car Audio: 2 KICKER C-12 12- Subwoofers. 4-
channel 280 watt bridgeable amphf1er. and 
Sherwood XN 1000 2/3-way active crOSsover. 
$375. Philip 587-8846. (6/4) 

fUTON QUEEN SIZE. 5100 Available mid June 
Roch 742-5878 . Large table included. (6/4) 

Queen Side bed & OOxspong. Tumed regularly. 
gOOd co,,(IIUon . $100 Firm. 483-4105 Sl eranie. 
(6/4) 

MUST SELL BED AND PIANO CHEAP. FOR MORE 
INFO. CALL ALICIA 467-9684. (6/4 ) 

For sale. ~isc CD player With remote control 
$125. Apple 11+ . printer. 2 disc drives. plenty of 
software IncludIng word processor and spread 
sheet - $ 100 OBO. Call 270-2320. (6/4) 

Chinese/Japanese plates lor sale. cheap and 
many to chOOse from ... sets of 4 .5.6 available 
for low price. call Kay 452-2699. (6/ 4) 

New love seal. ottoman. end tables. lamps. 
barstools. stereo. kitchen stuff. etc. B/O 587-
0077. (6 / 4 ) 

2 TIC KETS for Spinal Tap' s L.A. extravaganza 
tomorrow nil e at the Universal Amphitheatre. 
540 for the pair. Call 587·2714 and ask for 
Spiro. (6/ 4 ) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: Black two-Iold leatherwallel. Around Pep. 
per Canyon on Friday 5/ 29. Reward. Luis 453-
8258. (6/ 4 ) 

WANTED 
Student to help drive car to Monlana early June. 
Will p~ expenses. Relerences. 459-1373. (6/ 
1-6 / 4 ) 

Bassist wanted for original writingJfuture perform-
Ing career. Innuences: Mission U.K.. F~IdS of 
Nephilim. Swans. Pink Floyd. MetaillCa. Must have 
equipmentan<J be motivated. E>.perienced. serious 
rrusicians only. Erich 558-2494. (5/26-6/ 4) 

Driver bting san DIego Cat Bay Alea or Santa Rosa 
Expenses paid. 707-833-2829. (5/ 21-6/ 4) 

MovIng 10 Northern Caliromia/ Bay Area. Would like 
to share moving expenses. 576-0754. (6/ 1-6/ 4) 

Wanted: Non-smoking healthy volunteers wi(h 
aSlhma aM allergies to partic ipate In a Scripps 
Clinic Study. Volunteers will be compensated. 
Please Call 554-8930. (6/4) 

Thursday, June 4, 1992 

Re search Gay and LeSbian hlslory. Volunteers 
needed to prepare for July Pride lest ivai dis 
plays. Call 26Q.1522. (6/41 

HOUSING 
FemaJe roommate wanted - summer rental. 
Own Oedroom/bath In completely furnished 
apartment Bedroom fumlshed also. UTC/ UCSD 
area. Avallaole mid June to ml<J.,Sepl . or end o f 
August. 5395/mo. ut ilities Included. Leave 
message at 4589389. t5/18-6/4) 

Want to make money while you are out of town 
thiS summer? Rent your house. apartment or 
part thereof to responSible law students who Will 
be clerl<ing at _ CaplanWIIldno6 McMahon 
In San Diego. Please can 685-3164 for further 
Informabon. 14 / 13-6/ 4) 

3 rooms available 6/16-9/1 In fumlshed 5 
bedroom UnM!rslty City house. Master $360. 
Single 5315. 5270(1/5utillues). Washer/ oIYer. 
plenty 01 parl<ing. storage space. all amel1l\les_ 
Females only. 453-3986. (5/14-6/4) 

Mlfa Mesa. 8 mLfrom UCSD. F. 4 br. 4 ba, all 
amenities. friendly and quiet. 523O/mo + 1/5 
utll. 566-0660. No kids please. 15/21-6/41 

'My Word! · Roommate WlIf1ted. share bed-
room. La Clma aPt .. near campus. cable. wId. 
$225. 4 52·2655. (5/21-6/4 ) 

ROOMMATES WANTED in UC house. Available 
now. Pool. jacuZZI. washer. dryer. Call Perry 455-
1710. (5/ 21-6/ 4 ) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Del Mar. own room and 
bath. AvaH. for summer & SChOOl year or just 
sumner. Close 10 busllne. shoppire center & 
beach. Free cable. water & gas. Pool. spa. private 
parking. 5375/monlh. Avail 6/18 sooner if emer· 
gency. Darold or Bill 755-7569. (5/21-6/ 4) 

La Jolla. West of ~5 near UCSD. Unfumlshed/ 
furnished sunny 1 Oedroom and studio apts. 
Irom 5590. Free cable TV. 24-hour secullty. 
patios/ balcon ies. BBQ. By Trader Joe· s. bus 
stoP. shopping. Call 452-8850 for move·in 
specials . (5/21-6/4 ) 

HAWAII Oahu - fumished 4 bedroom. 2 1/2 
bath. Quiet. No smokers/pets. Available 7/9 2-
8/ 93. $l7SO/ month. 45Q.6414. (5/ 2&6/ 4) 

Wanted female roommate for summer: one room 
available In UTC. Beautiful condo! 53SO/ month . 
4s()'3432. (5/2&6/ 4 ) 

Available In June! Room in La JOlla. fumlshed/ 
unfurn. Bike to school . walk to 34A bus. Roomy 
townhouse . waSher/ dIYer. nice housemates . 
Long-tenn or short. Must see! $380 Mike 452-
3142 . (5/ 26-6/ 4) 

Wanted lemale roommates to share furn ished 
condo ncar UCSD. Summer and/ or long-term. 
5350/month. Utilit ies included. Beth 536-0153. 
15/ 26-6/4) 

FOR RENT: Spacious 2·story townhome. 3 bd. 1 
1/2 bath. Eastaate Ma ll area. near UCSD and 
UTC. A bargain at 5105O/month ! Available 7/1. 
Call 4 58-5960. (5/26-6/4) 

Want your own room for the summer? Then 
sublease from me! Nice University City house 
available from mld·June to end August. $3SO/ 
mo for July aM August only. Call 552-B742 for 
aet ails. (5/26-6/41 

Summer rental. Near UCSD/beach: top of La 
Jolla Shores. flexible dates. 54oo/month. 552-
0920. (5/26-6/4 ) 

FOR RENT: 3 BR. 2 BA. 1400 SQ. fl. EnCinitas 
coMo. Very clean and qUiet. Eno uM. July 1. 
454-64 62. (5/2&6/4 ) 

FOR RENT: Townhouse off Easlgate MaIl3BR. 1 
1/2 BA. laundry. pool . oll·street parking. etc, 
$1100. Call Magda 4 59-3092. (5/28-6/41 

Roommate needed for 92-93 school year_ Own 
room in 2 story condo: 5 minule walk lo campus; 
parking available: washer/ dryer. cable. Call 558-
3106 or 45H)304 Oy June 13. (5/28-6/4) 

SUMMER SUBLET. own room. near UTC. waSher/ 
dIYer. pool. own parking. 5325.455-0364. (5/ 
28-6/4 ) 

WlNDANSEA BEACH: ama.:lng ocean view deck. 4 
min walk to beach. washer/dryer. own room w/ l / 
2 bath 5425 or share b'8 room w/occan view & 
bath $325. Gregg or Enk 5510036. (5/28-6/4) 

Female roommates wanted
' 

Summer and/or 
scnool year. 1 single. own bath $350. 2 to share 
masterbedroom and bath $228 ea. On Genesee 
near Governor. No smoking/drinking. Call J. 
558·8996. (5/28-6/ 4) 

Del Mar: responsible. clean. male/ lemale room 
mate. Fully fumlShed. fireplace & pool. JacuZll. 
lennis. wasMr/ aryer. Beautiful lake surround-
Ings. Call 2599121 $400 room Available 6/ 
15. Must see. (5/28-6/4) 

FEMALE non smoking summer CONoo MATE 
neeOed. Own MBR/bath . fURNISHED Washer/ 
Dryer. parking. secufilY. recreallon raclhtles. 
balcony. UTC/UCSD/shoppina/bus. $37511/4 
ulllilles) obo. Great place! Leave messa~: 457· 
077 1.15/28-8/ 4) 

OWN ROOM In La Regencla. Gym . IwO pools . 
raquetball. 6/12-8/24. 5330. Call Sanara 452-
8336. (5/28-6/4) 

5 BR/4 BA huae Umv City house. Pool & spa 2 
nuge masters & singles avaliaOle. 5300 per 
month per person. 1 block to bus . Available mid-

Ju~id·September male or remale. Call Mike 
or Vicki at 458-9063. (5/28-6/4) 

SUMMER - Female roommate wanted. Own 
room In 3 -Bdrm condO. FurniShed. pool. washer/ 
dryer. Available June 15. $300 + 1/ 4 uUlIues. 
4 55-7699 . (5/28-6/4) 

3/2. new cond .. 2 cav. pool. jacuzzi. ac. fir.,. 
place . security. wId. must see. Availab le June 
10.274-3232. (5/28 6/4) 

lWO FEMALE ROOMMATES WANTED: Share room 
in 2 Oedroom. 2 bath La Regencla apartment. 
Sept.·June. $300.310 each. 1/3 electriCity. Own 
washer/dIYer. pools. spa. weight room. near 
busline. Non-smoker. Call Danuta 457·3065. 
(5/28-6/ 4 ) 

3BR condo off Easlgate Mall. washer/dIYer. 
available September. 51140/month. Also. 3BR 
behind La Jolla Village SQuare $1350/mo .. 
garage. wasM r/dryer. POOl. spa . available Sept. 
1. Nina 792·6453. (5/28-6/ 4) 

Roommates needed to fill furnished 4 bedroom 
townhouses for summer and/or nexl year. l o-
cated In UC/La Jolla border. Own room or share. 

P~ces vary. Roy 452-8836. (6/1-6/4) 

Room ava ilable for summer and/or nen year. 30 
It from the beach In MB for S35O/mo. We are 
looking for non-smoking roommate . Call Greg or 
Kyle. 488·2350. 16/1-6/4 ) 

Female roommate wanted. nonsmoking to share 
complete ly fu rnished apartment. Parking. 
washer/ dryer. balcony. vaulted ceilings. pool! 
jacuzzI. Available June through September. time 
flexible for students. $390/month 535-0137. 
(6/1-6/ 4 ) 

SUMMER SUBLET - 2 bdm NOrth Mesa Apt. 
available mid-June tllru early 5ept. Complelely 
furnished. 5510/month (utility included) 587· 
2151. (6/1-6/4) 

Furnished slnale room w/bath available for sum-
mer - UTC area 5295/month - Sab~na. 587-
8910. (6/1-6/4 ) 

Roommate(s) wantea: 1 or 2 people (M or Fl 
needed for master SUile In luxurious condo in La 
Jolla during summer aM/or next year. 54 50 for 
(1) or $290 lor (2). 558-1360. (6/1-6/4) 

SUMMER RENTAL: 2 Oedrooms in 4+2 house 
master & bath S285 large bedroom 5 250 large 
yard. patio. garage. close to campus . Call Leon 
4113-1229 or Jell 272-8802. (6/1-6/4) 

2 roommates needed University City 3 BR/2 BA 
house. $350 or S365. Female nonsmokers 
preferred. Call Kersun 4 53-5042. (6/1-6/4) 

ROOMMATE WANTED to share master bedroom 
In UTe area. 5300/mo. Available 6/15. Call 8111 
452-5764 . (6/1-6/4) 

Summer sublet for 3 BR 2 1/2 BA condo. 3 
blocks from school. Washer/dryer. POOl. garage. 
all appliances. mce yard & balcony. Lots o· 
storage room. 51300/010. Call Alex 546-7644. 
(6/1-6/4 ) 

SUMMER ROOMMATE WANTED - share a fur· 
nished master bedroom at La Regencia: spa-
CIOUS. firep lace. vaulted ceiling. washer/dryer. 
nice lurniture. 0001. lap pool. jacuzzi. weight 
room. raquetball. garage. Walk to Vons and 
busllne. CHEAP! $200.220 + 1/3 uUlltlCS. 552-
3482. Seunghee. (6/1·6/4) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Summer sublet! Beaullfultownhouse. 2 people 
to share master bedroom & attached bathroom. 
$280/month/person. WI D. OW. 0001. sunaeek. 
Available June 16-Sepl. 16. Call 558-5760. (6/ 
1-6/ 4) 

Summer sublet. 3 BR/ l1/2 BA. Only $250 per 
month partially furniShed. Close to campus! Call 
587.0561. 16/1-6/4) 

Summer sublet - 2 rooms available. Laundry. 1 
1/2 bath. pool. parking. 5325/ month. call David 
558 8779. (6/16/4) 

Female roommate wanled. Furnished master 
Oedroom. Own balh. UTC area. 5375/month. 
Available June 18-July31 (1st summersessionl. 
Call 457-0033 or 558·3715. (6/1-6/ 14) 

READ NO FURTHER - We've got the place lor 
you! Nonsmoklllg roOmmale(S) wanted to Share 
2.fJd apt nearUTC. Pool.Jacuui. sand volleyball . 
eJl.erC1Se course . Close to bushnes and Vons . 
Own room and bath lor 5330 T Utll. or share 
room & utll for $210 each. 7/1 thru 8/ 31 . Call 
Heather or Sleph at 546-9377. (6/1-6/41 

F Roommate wanted. ResponSible nonsmoker 
starting Sept to share double In brand new 3 
bdrm luxury Renaissance aPI With 3 f"endly and 
conSiderate glfls. Max 5270 + 1 / 4 utilities. Call 
Jenny 4573874. 16/1-6/41 

ROOMMATE WANTED 10 share 2 BR Ccntral 
Mesa apt. ResponSible neat nonsmoker female 
grad or med student preferred. Available 6/25/ 
92 - $263/mo + 1/2 elec . Call Dina 534 
0389. (6/1-6/4) 

YOUR OWN ROOM/BATH FOR SUMMER "' 2 
Oed/bath apt. wi '" walking distance 10 school. 
on Iree busl"",. great for summer school -
5350 + utlls - 558 8910. (6/1 6/4) 

Mira Mesa. femaae. nonsmo~er to share 4 bed 
house 5325 + 1/ 3 utll,lles. All amenllies. pool. 
578-6852. (6/ 1-6/4) 

A small Out liveable room at Renaissance for 
$75/week 000 + 1/ 3 utes. Avail 6/ 14/92 
approx. 9 / 15/92. Secured parl<lng. Controlled 
access resortcommunlly. Across from UTe. Call 
George at 4574 393. (6/ 1-6/ 4 ) 

Roommate(s) wanted. Large master bedroom. La 
JOlla av3llaole In Fall. free launory. pool. gym. spa. 
Have two cats. $360 plus 1/3uUIIllCsor 5212 plus 
1/4 utilitieS. Sharlene 530.3911. (6/1-6/41 

NO PETS BUT LAUNDRY. Single room. Share 
house near Genesee/Banncock. $216/mo. 
TObin 270-6613. (6/4) 

For rent: 2 BDR. 1 bath. furnished condo near 
UCSD. Available 8/1/92 5800/month. Call 234 
7823. (6/1-6/4) 

2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS In 4-BDR. FURNISHED 
HOUSE. Master w/ povate bath: $320. Huge 
room w/ prIVate enlry: 5320. WI D. back yard. 
across from parl<. Summer or through year. 457· 
B371. Call. Must See. (6/4) 

Female roommate wanted. Summer or lOnger. Start· 
r18 JlI1e 15th. 5150/mo abo. Walk 10 UCSO. Share 
master Oed/bath. Large condo. all amenities Cool 
roorrmales. Pets ok. 5580127. Claudia (6/4) 

Roomate wanted! M/F to sublet own room" Del 
Mar house for Fall Quartef '92 only. Share w/ 1 
male &2 females - Call JAY at 450-9816. 16/4) 

FALL QUARTER ONL yl Female. own room , $290. 
walk to campus. canyon view. With cal. 457· 
1335. (6/4 ) 

Master Oedroom. Quiet UTC area. POOl. laculZ" 
lennlS. racQuetball. volleyball. baskeUlaIi. fitness 
center. clubhouse. garage. balcony. can)'Of1\'lew. 
$80 dePOSIt. Free gas $409 negotl8ble. Available 
6/92. Wilkie 558-6474. Royee 457 2742. (6/4) 

For rent 3 BO . 1 1/2 Bath spacious 2 slory 
Townhome EastGate mall area ncar UCSD + 
UTC. Avai lable July 1 and Sept. washer. dryer. 
View. pool. JatulZl: bargain at $1050 and $1150. 
Sam 558-2670. (6/4) 

CHEAP RENT $2OO! Female to share HUGE master 
bedroom With balcony & balhroom In tn·level condo. 
1 mile to school. 1 block to bus. Summer sublet or 
through next year. 558<l239. (6/4) 

ROOMMATE WANTED for next year In beautiful 
La Clma apartment. Includes wid. cable. park 
Ing. pool. Three easy gOing guys looking for a 
rOurth to share a 2 bedroom for only $235. begin 
Sept.. 558-1661. ask lor Moses. 16/41 

Education In the An 
of Massage 

Learn Massage this summer and 
supplement your income in the fall. 

Summer Intensives 
July 13 -July 31 
Augu~t lO-August 28 

Call for more information about 
these and other massage classes: 

(619) 272-4142 
International Professional School of Bodywork 
1366 Hornblend Street I I 
San Diego, Ca 92109 00 . I t.l... 4l1li ~ ~ 
(619) 272-4142 . ~. 

TIle folks at 
T/~ Gllardiall 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

----1r:~n,UCSD 
FLOWER BASKET 

(I, F~~~~!?.~~~~Y* 
-W.de/Ww 
worldwide" 

1.\0 h/\(Wl 
Not. VAlid wllh 
any otht:l r alTer. 

• $20 minimum purchase · wi thin 5 mile radiu5 or tBmpu!lo 

as a1ways, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Opcn dai ly 8 3m·8 pill 

Call for 
SENSIBLE, AFFORPABLE dental care 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE D ENTAL O FFICE 
James E. SaJl fo rd , D.D .S. 

General, Preventative, and Cosmctic Serviccs 
RclJ~cd , lriclldly JII11(llpilm • ,\kmbcr ADA, CDA, SDCn~ 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 
l'RmCSSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VILLA LA JOI,LA DR. 
SUtTE 2103 

558-3490 'Iop Fluor, frr!! be/nrrt! 
flu Elt-phn"r Rnr F J'ClJIIIIfJ (.. ... !lntlll'l{fll' 

APP"(lJf;"OIlJ tlpnr/nbl. 

SCRIPPS MESA STORAGE 
ONE MONTH 

FREE 
STUDENT DISCOUNT I 

Self Service storage 5 x 7 • $24 
at lowest rates $48 TOTAL RENT FOR 3 MONTHS 

Pay for 2 months, 
get the third month 

FREE 
9780 Candida St. 
566·3881 

9780 CANDIDA ST.-

Miramar Rd. 

~ 
'" i= 

+.J. ~ 52""';\---+---+ 



,. 

18 CLASSIFIEDS 

WlNOANSEA BEACH: OCEANVIEW, BUSLINE, 
525O/ MONTH, SHARE WIlH FEMAlE, INCl. 
UTILITIES, GARDEN, 459-8469. GREAT LOCA-
TION! 16/4) 

LA REGENCIA 1 bedreoom In 3 bedroom AQI , 
Available 6/15-8/31 or anytime there of, Gym, 
2 pools , wasner /dryet, part<lna and more. 5395 
negotiable. Call Tract!)' 558-2143. (6/ 4) 

Need one person to share master bedroom w/ 
bath . La Jolla Intematlonal Gardens IIIltS. Great 
location, greal apa<tmenl. $275/mo, .. uti!. 
Available NOW! Call Harry/ MellOi 558-0579, (61 
4) 

Female roomate wanled, Own room in a fur' 
nlSl1ed 3 BR townhOuse, Close 10 UCSO and 
OUsline. Wastler/Ckyer , garage, pool, leMls, 
Available now, 5425/mo. 552·9247 . 16/4) 

Fema~ roommate wanted. Hlltcresl. Own room 
and dedi wtth 3 fun students. Nell to park. lOO, 
and shuttle, 5250/ mo .. 1/4 utilities, Available 
for summer, Jill 692-0265. (6/4) 
ROOMMATE WANTED. UTC area. Own room and 
bath In a very nice 2 BR apa<tment overlooking 
a pool and ,arden, Roc room, gym. 5440/ 
month, flexible. 558-9432, (6/ 4) 
Femste Roommate wanted: Sinale room In 8 
Unrverslty City condo. p,.vate JacUZZI, Ca nyon 
view, wash/ dry. POOl. all amena",s. walk 10 
campUs, tt 's I he place for you! 5315/mo Call 
457·3207,16 / 4) 

LIVE BY THE BEACH. One room available In 3 
bedroom WlndanSea House 2 blocks 'rom 
beach, Nice yard, Free laundry. 5384/month. 
456-5066. 16/ 4) 

Summer sublel - Own room In U.C. POOl, 
l ennls, golf nearby. 5280/mo. Call RhO 558-
6738. 16/ 4) 

la Jolla COlony room forrent. 6 1 5-92 to 9192. 
$300 obo. 4525764, Brian 16/4 ) 
ROOMMATE WANTED. $341/010 1/3utlht18Sln 
"Happln non' PACIFIC BeACH. Available July lSI 
"SUMMERATTHE BEACH BUU DEE, THEN START 
SCHOOL." Norumokloll/courteous etc Ca1l27(} 
8592. 16/4) 
MASTER BEDROOM - Own bathroom. 2 closets 
In 3 BEDROOM CONDO SUBLET MI (}JUNE thru 
AuguSI . S547.50/rno or share 5273 75/mo, 
Near campus. Gym, raquelball, poolS. COrle/ 
Beth. 4528336 16/4) 

StudIO aoortmcnt. HlllcrestjUnlVl!rsity Heights 10 
min. from UC shutlle by bike. NMle, cican, QUe\. 
5395 per monln. MOSI UIIhues paid Washer/ 
dryers close by. Call Chandra 291·9563. 16/4) 

Roommate wanted O ... n room. share bath . 1/3 
Ul l l,ues In UniverSity City apt. QUiet. secure. 
parlM£, POOl, lennlS Christian prefened $295, 
July lSI , Brian or SIeve 5520690. 16/4) 

SUMMER SUBLET - lGE 3 80 2 slory condO 
near Von, (Regenls & A/rlDa). POOl, pallo, b8~ 
cony, washer/ dryer, $1200; rent enllir. condo 
or part of. 546<l871, 16/ 4) 

LA REGENCIA - Summer Sublet. 2BOR. 2 BTH, 
k~chen, washer/ dryer, POOls, weig/ltroom, 5935, 
EVES 452·2322. (6/ 4) 
2 Roonvnates wanted to snare ma5ter bed-
room; walk ing dlslance 10 campus, beautiful 
condo call 450-9596. (6/ 4) 

Summer Sublet, Newly remocleled UC hOuse, 
Small and BIG room available 7/ 1 . 5JOO.54oo 
obo. 459-8690/551·2016. 16/ 4) 

Available now, fumlshed room in soacieus SI ... 
dent condo. Mira Me.a, pool, jacuzzi, ameniUes. 
S310/montn. Paul 549-6642, (6 / 4) 

Own room S225mo. 5250depoSII . 1 /4uul~ies . 
Washer'" dryer av liable 6/ 15 483-4105 StB-
fan ie , 16/ 4) 

Roomate/s wanled. 5300 slnale. Condo wllh 
pool/JacuzzI. Off festaate Mall. Summer/ Fali. 
551-0417 Kal il. (6/ 4 ) 

RoomaLes needed JoN 15, T ot.Iy FumWIed 
~ - MlCIOWave, wasner, dryer, diShes , IIImI 
ture, etc. - ana spa/lennis courts, 5 minutes !rom 
UCSO off Gilman Or"", 5325 each masler. $300 
each guest bedroom PLUS electric~y Call Alva 554-
0675 or call collecl 7144~763 16/ 4) 

ROOMMATE WANTED: Own Room, OwnBath, 
Own Washer/ Dry r . Own Parl<lnll Space, 2 POOlS. 
Near Bushne. 2 M lnules from UCSO, PelS O.K, 
Smokers or Non Smokers 5400/mo . .. l /2 ulll 
H: 4 55-1959, W· 534-4357.16 / 4 ) 

Summer Sublet - Masler Bedroom, Near School 
& UTC, washer/cryer. pooI/JacuaJ, carJ)OI1 &cabIe! 
Available for July & August. potential ly lorCer lerm. 
5350/mo. Call Matt 5970226. (6/4 ) 
Own _ (furniShed/unfurnished), _, 
bM:orty. Wanteo female non-smoker to snare :2 
bedroom.2 5bathroomcondo AmenI\JeS. Washerl 
dryer, dishwasher. fireplace. elc. Recreatonal fl> 
clhllCS. Available July l. $4 25/n'lOnth plus 1/ 2 
utlhtles , refundable dCpOSiL C~ tIIan IIvInC 
on campus and nicllfl457 3830. (6/ 4) 
Available June 14 th! Own room, clean spacious 
sludcnl condo , M ira Mesa, Walk 10 Slores , pool , 
JacUUl, waSher, dryer, coble, el c . S310/mo . • 
1/4 uulltles Come meel the "guys: call Paul 
549-6642. (6/4 ) 

EMPLOYMENT 
CRUISE SliPS NOW HIRING - Carn 52.000"1 
month • world travcl (Howall , Mc"co, the 
Carnbean, etc.). HOliday, summer ana career 
employment available. No eltpenence neccs· 
sary For employment program call 1206·545 
4155 ext C450. 13/ 306/ 41 

The UCSD Guardian 

ADMIN ASSISTANT D£l'OTfCH an exc iting, 
fasl·paced , early slace Biotech company IS 
look ing for an admin. asst. wiln Olo/biomed. 
cal background for general office help. Exp. 
pfr'd. Please UND resume 10 As, lsl 8nl, 
Depolech Corporation , 11205 No . Torrey Pine s 
Rd .. 51e , 100, La Jolla , CA, 92037. (5 / 26-6/ 
4) 

FIT Summer Mart<eting,tSaies Assistant. Mac 
elperience/s\fOng oommunlCation skills desi<ed. 
56/ hr. !emlfer 457 9882. 15/ 28-6/ 4) 
Chlldcare for one 21 / 2 year Old In our hOme 20 
""n, from campus, Mionth of July, approx. 20 
hOurs per week. S6.5O. Andrea or David at 753-
9173· 16/ 1-6/ 4 ) 
Babysiller needed for Infanl. 2 year and 7 year 
010 In RancI10 Sanla Fe . Mostly nights, olso 
some aays for Infant only In La Jolla, 755-6172. 
16/ 1-6/ 4) 
In-hOme baby sitter needed 3 days a week. for 
a 4 monlh old Infant. Cell 450-6715 . (6/ 1·6 / 
4) 

• SR. LAB RESEARCH TECH . We are a major 
leaching faclilly for I he UCLA SchOol of Med. 
cine. We' re currently seek ing a Sr. lab Re-
search Tech. 
The selecled candidate will possess a BS or 
MS IBlology) wltn lab e lperlenCe Includlnll a 
background In DNA propagation , DNA e.trac· 
tlon . electrophoresis. sequencing and probe 
preparation. Prio r management and hands-on 
e.perlence Wll h aulomated DNA synlhesiler 
15 n,ghly deSirable. MuSI possess clcellent 
commUnication. Interpersonal and organlza-
llonal skill s to effective ly manage the day to 
day functions of (he molecular biology core 
lab. 
AS a progressive nealth ca re leader, we can 
o ffer you a comprenenSlve benefllS package 
ana a competit ive salary. Please submit re-
sume or call for an application: 
CEDAR S·S INAI MEDICAL CENTER . 8100 
Beverly Blvd .. Brown Bu ilding. Los Ange les. 
CA 90048. (3 10) 855-5670. M / EOE. (6 / 4 ) 

PERSONALS 
VOllEYBAU LESSONS - Summer Is here, 
time to re f ine your bump, SCI and spike I 
uperlenced yolleyball instructor Wi ll teach 
hlghly·gersonahled le ssons In grass. sand or 
10000r lechnlques. If you wan t to learn volley· 
ball fas l , make lhe call - Greg, 546,1421. 
15/ 14 6/4 ) 

SMOKELESS BAR & GRill Vollt!)'bar. on l he 
comer Of Grand and Cass In P.B .. is a great SPOI 
for the UCSOathleuccrowd . Greal muslc, sportS 
on the tube, darts and awesome food, t he · Y· 
Bar' Is for you! (5/4-6/ 4) 

TechnOlogy princess. Our t rue COlOrs are reo 
corded: whlt ... grey·brown-greelHad-blu~ellow . 
l lSlen (4 / 13-6/4 ) 

GRADUATING? ......... -*'C7 Here' s a deal 
you Iruly deserve; call the Shell Beach Molel or 
lhe La Jolla Cove Miolel, BeautifUl rooms With the 
n!&hl hfe of PrOSpecl St. In back and Itle Cove In 
frontl UCSO vis itor special rates year rouod. Call 
459-4306 (Shell Beach) or 459-26211U Cove) 
or call (BOO) 24SCO\lE. 15/18-6/ 4 ) 

The Math Doctors back! Professional math 
lutorina for only 510/ "', Call Tony Craoocx:k: 
453-7725. (5/ 11-6/ 4) 

CONNECTlnC with people al UCSO can be dlff .. 
cull. IIIOT ANY MOR£I InllOOuclnll Triton Tel , a 
fun way to meel people from UCSO, peoj)ieWhO 
you would NEVER have mel olhelWlse! Yes , 
there _ some 19001 number servICes that are 
OK! See the form below. 15/14-6/ 4) 

Dearesl Pepe, I am dreadiec our separallon this 
summer. I Will always be thinkina of you. Thank 
you for mailing the lasl four months so Incred-
Ible , I can'l believe I finally found you. I loVe you 
always - your Greenemenert'. (6/ 4) 

........... _rill Check oullhe Guardian 
FAll orienllltion Issue Monday, SePI, 21st. (51 
28-6/4) 

BETA THETA PI Fraternity would like to wish 
EVERYONE. successful r",als and hope thaI 
you a/l have a cool summer, (6/ 4 ) 

TO "R ed'ln 'Carn Calcnthe Moon ' - you are 
a wonderful actor. I loVed walchlng you perform. 
S.M. P.S. - Not to mention, you have a wonder-
ful body. (6/ 4) 

TO Sillma Nu comboys, we had fun kicking UP our 
heels with you! love, Delta Gamma, 16/ 4) 

Thursday, June 4,1992 

Deka Gamma WISheS the UCSO fraternlt,.,s and 
sororilles iood luck on finals end a tun summer! 
16 / 4) 

Oon'l throw fOOCl , Cloth ing. or anythlna else 
away! HELP BETA THETA PI HElP THE HOME· 
LESS!!! Donele all you can at the boles set up 
at each college or in the Price Center Thealer 
lobby. Oon' lthrow awaythlncs thaJcould save a 
hfe. 16/4) 

AJll:, Ajls and DlEs: Thanks for the good t ime at 
our four"'aye.change! We really made a splashl 
Delta Detta Dell a. 16/ 41 

congratulations Keith! Happy graduahon, Je 
falme - BarbIlIe, 16/ 4) 

BETA BETA BETA BETA BETA BETA R ..... IIeb 
and be remembered. Whal is remembered Is up 
10 you!!! Oon ' l DIE wonderlnll, RUSH BET .... For 
morc Infonmallon call Brew al 558-806 7 • BETA 
BETA BETA BETA BETA BET .... (6/ 4) 

To all the sislers 01 Alpha Omicron PI, Gooo luck 
on finals and have 8 fiWllastk: sumrnerl We k>ve 
you and will m iss you! Love , your CR Committee. 
(6/4) 

Gal~, Heidi ana K·ster thankS for slICking It oul. 
Great we"'! Royal Thai on Fri.? M.F.16/ 4 ) 

To ali of my Ph i Kappa Ttlela bros - thanks for 
being there and for a greal year. You 've proven 
thaI Phi Kappa Thela IS "Just lhe Best' - K.P. 
(6/ 4) 

Ttle brothers of Phi Kappa Theta want 10 w ish 
evel)'One good luck on finals and a great sum· 
mer, (6/ 4) 

N A I L SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC S18.99 
NAI LS Reg. $35 

$24.95 ,I . I, 
Fills $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 

Fiberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg, $45 
Manicures & Pedicures $15,95 

Waxing Starting at $3 
Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

I 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 
L Noc valid..., .... - GIft, ElPirn 6/30192 .J 
--------------------

Diva Congratulates 
The Class of )92 

S10 OFF 
flll Floral 

Bogements 
".$28 ••• 

It' beell 
{I long, hard 
journey. AIle/yO/( made it 
/brougb! Dou't/orget/be people 
who bal'e helped ),0 11 along tbe 
way. Diva Howers alld Gifts 
makes it eas.V /0 giue a beat11t(1I1 
p,iP o/tbanks, Receille a $ 10 
disCOllll/ 0 1/ (l1lyJlorai 
al7ymgemelll noll' tbrollgb 
Ju ne 15. 1992, 

FLOWERS AND GIFTS 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Rve. [Behind Soup Exchange! 

G19-SSB -G G66 

Take tEmOn! 
If you've got strength , speed, agility, personality and 
can in line skate, then you just might have a chance 
to win cash and prizes if you can beat The Warriors! 

Tryouts for Male/ Female teams on Saturday, June 
13, at Pierce College, Warner Center, 10 am-4 pm 

and 
Saturday, June 27, at Fairfax High School, 

Hollywood, 10 am-4 pm 

Call (310) TRY-OUTS for details! 

Thursday, June 4, 1992 

SCORE 
CARD 

Thanks, But My 
Card Is Filled 
IT LOOKS LIKE TIlE GAME IS almost over. The Score Card is full, and I have to say, it' s been 
a long and tedious struggle. 

But we made it. 
You guys didn 'tthink you 

could make it out of here without 
a final word from me. did ya? 
Thi time I'll keep it brief. 

1bere'sjust omelhing about 
pons and pons journalism at a 

Divi ion III choolthat is unlike 
any other experience imaginable, 

For the past year. you' ve heard 
me complain time and time again 
about the treatment that small-
time athletics receive from the 
local media and public. But that's 
nor all there is. 

There's something deeper than 
all of thaL Something more real. 

Athletes at UCSD seem to 
have a sincere love of (heir sport. 
They have a desire to excel at any 
level of competition. 

And I have to say from what 
I've seen this year thai they do it 
pretty damn well. 

From the men's soccer 
championship in the fall to the 
women's water polo team ' third 
consecutive national title last 
month , UCSD has proven that it 
can build athletes out of people 
who are students fi rst. 

No, the national TV coverage 
isn't there, Maybe it will be 
someday. Maybe it won·t. 

I 11-IINK WHAT I' M saying i!. that it constantly amazes me that 
people (not unlike myself) can be 
frustrated with the athletic 
reputation of a Divison UJ school, 
when it doesn't really seem to 
mailer to the athletes them e lves. 
They show a dedication to their 
school that few do. 

I guess I never really knew the 
true definition of" port." I th i nk I 
do now - or can begin to, 

My last column as the spons 
editor of the UCSD Guardian 
isn't really a column at all, I 
gue s. So you' II have to bear with 
me while I mmble just a bit more. 

In Peter Ko's final column he 
thanked the people that had helped 
to build this SpoIlS section. The 
thing is though, nobody has 
helped to build it more than Pete. 

So thank you Pete. Thanks for 
pUlling up with me. I know that at 
time that's been one of the most 
difficult of your task at the 
Guardia". 

T IIANKS FOR TEACIlING me and thanks for being a part of 
everything that I associate with 
UCSD sports. It was fun and you 
know it. 

And for my buddy and my bro 
Chris Regnier .. , well what can I 
say? I don't ever think that two 
people could have more conflict-
ing views on anything. We grew 
up this year together. We helped 
build this thing together. And we 
made it work, See ya on Night/inc 
buddy, 

FinaUy, I think lowe more to 
Gregg than to just about anybody 

' else I know, Not only because 
every week he made th is spons 
section run, but because he put up 
with all of the bullshit. 

See lAST CARD, Page 13 

T he UCSD Guardian SPORTS 19 

Golf Finishes With Flying Colors 
J 

Ufe Is But a 
Dream • UCSD ends season 

with third-place fmish \ ~ 
at nationals 

• Men's and women' 
crew meet with 

By Chris Regnier 
Sen/or Staff Writer 

One day Mike Wydra, head 
coach of the UCS D golf team, 
described a course that the Tri-
tons had played on as "pure 
helL" Although that course may 
have been hellish, the UCSD 
golf team had a truly heavenly 
season. 

After ripping up the fairways 
and green ' throughoutlhe year, 
the Triton ' wound up with (to 
impres ive third-place fini sh 
ovemll at the nalional chanlpi -
onships in Ohio. 

UCSD finished 17 stroke 
behind Methodist, the pre-sea-
son favorite who won its third 
national championship in a row. 
The Triton were four back of 
second-place Gustavus Adol-
phu . 

UCSD and the other two 
teams finished the toumament 
in the same order as their na-
tional mnk i ngs. 

Mall Stottemset the pace for 
for the Tritons during the na-
tional championshps and for 
much of the season. At the na-
tionals, Stottem shot his way to 
a 77-71-73-75.fora296touma-
mem lOlal. That was good 
enough to give him eighth place 
ovemll and second-team AIl-
American honors. 

Jeremy Moe, another big 
contributor for the Tritons all 
season, finished second behind 
SlOlIem for UCSD and 11th 
overall. Moe's 298 total was 
two strokes behind Stottem and 

ucce in 1992 sea on 
By Theresa Moore 
Staff Writer 

Bmh (he men's and women' s 
crew teams officially ended their 
season last weekend at Ihe Pacific 
Coast Rowing hampionships at 
Luke Natom.I, Sacramemo. The 
event signified the end (0 a very 
long, but \ucce~sful ~eason fo r 
UCSD crew. 

Both the men's and women's 
teams officially opened up (heirsca-
sons (he weekend of Mar.7 when 
they 1001,. on UC Irv ine, USD and 
USc. 

Bo(h teams did well in Iheir 
res pec tive rcga lla s. wi th the 
women 's do~e' t race being a loss 10 
U C's varsi ty four by half a boat 
Icnglh the second day of races. The 
varsity men had a wi n that wed .end 
ag:l im.t USC. :llthollgh the boa t 
stuned one boal length behind . 
Men's coach MlkeSh,Ulnon referred 
to Ihat regulla as "a clean sweep" 
against USc. 

Matt Stottern helped lead UCSD to a third·place finish at nationals. 
llle nex t event for bolh the men', 

and women 's teams was the unnual 
San Diego Crew Classic Apr, 4-5. 
According to women 's head coach 
Jack Vallerga, the most rnemorable 
regalia of (he intense weekend was 
the women's open novice eight in 
which UCSD fini shed second be-
hind USD. 

earned him a spot on the second-
team as well. 

entire season, the Tritons shot a 
310 as a team. 

Freshman Pete Robens was the 
real shocker of the na(ionals for the 
Tritons, 

Robens fini shed 18th overall, 
shooting a 306 total and was given 
an honorable-mention Ail-Ameri-
can status for his effort . 

One of the reasons for the 
Tritons' finish at nationals thai 
Wydm pointed to was the condi-
tion of one of the Tritons' key 
golfers. Dale Abraham. Aller-
gies hindered the pre-tournament 
AII -Americ;m forthe entire (Our-

The men compeled in two evenls. 
the C:l1 Cup .md the collegiate nov-
ice. The Triton novices fin i,hed sec-
ond in (heir he:lt, following Orange 
Coast College. 

nament. The third day of the nationals 
was the round that doomed UCSD. 
In its worst round of the lOumament 
as well as one of its worst of the 

"He just had one of those 
weeks, and not feeling well ju~t 
really hun him:' Wydra said. The l:lst big event of the ~eason 

See CREW. Page 14 

Softball Consistently Inconsistent 
• Lack of intensity, mental errors 
problems for Tritons in 1992 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

If the UCSD softball team needs any in piration 
fornext year, they need only to look backatthis year's 
squad. The Tritons came (his close to clinching a 
postseason berth in the NCAA Di vision UI tourna-
ment. Problem was, whenever they seemed to be , 
gelling on trJck, they'd trip on their own shoelaces, 

It may be cliche, but consistency was the key for 
the Tritons. The squad was never able to put together 
all of the ingredients it took to win for longer than a 

two or three-game stretch. As a result, UCSD 
wound up splilling doubleheaders where it won 

the first game convincingly and then turned 
stale for the nightcap. "We just come out flat 

in the second game. We're better than a lot 
of the teams we lost to. We're just not 

playing to our potential," Jarrell said 
afterspliuinga twinbill against USD. 

Nowhere was the team's incon-
sistency more evident than the founh 
game of its own Triton Classic Tour-
nament. Facing Concordia for the 

second time after beating the Comets 
7-5 in the preliminary round, the Tritons 

looked confused as to what to do when 

there were runncrs on ba.~e, 11ley could 'icore only 
one run, de'pitc being handed six errors by the 
porous Concordia defense. "I'm not sure what to do. 
Somehow we have to pick ourselves out of this 
hole," Jarrell said after Ihe loss, 

The Tritons started pull ing them~clves out the 
next day intheconsolution finals against Claremoll\ , 
Jarrell's troops, powered by a fifth -inning outburst. 
jumped all over the Athenas. But the game was a 
long way from being over. and the Tritons had 
proved before that it only take~ one inning of 
uninspired play to lose a game. 

But something clicked, and UCSD stayed in 
control. even after Claremont came within one run. 
The team held on to win 6-5, largely due to Lisa 
Mora's game-saving diving snag of a shurr line 
drive to centerfield with a runner on third. 

But again the Tritons couldn ' t keep the pace up. 
After two wins over NAtA Point Loma. UCSD was 
in a must-win si tuution with (wO doubleheaders 
against Azusa Pacific and Claremont coming up. 

The games against Azusa turned out to be disas-
ters for the Tritons, No powerhouse, the Tigers 
si lenced any momentum UCSD might have picked 
up by winning both games. 

The Claremont series turned out to be the entire 
season in miniature, The Tritons destroyed the 
Athenas 9-1 in the first game with some aggressive 

See SOFTBAll, Page 13 

.. 



20 SPORTS 

f 

.~ , £l JASON SNELL 
KEEPING 
SCORE 

If It's Just a Game, 
Why Keep Score? 
W 111\1" IS IT AHO r SPORTS Ihat makel; Ihe ~uhjecl ~o inlen:,ting? Ii 's a 
que~tion I' ve a~"eJ lIly~e l f a 
million time" and I'm ~ till not 
,ure if I've found the an~wcr, 
Sure, thcre'~ the ~0 11 of communal 
excitcment thai come, wi lh gOing 
10 a Madi um, sill ing benealh the 
blue ., I.. y lind wll tching 1I game 
with your friemh. 

But how doc~ thll t explai n 
Si llill!; on a couch hy your'><! lf lind 
watchlllg a haseha ll game on 
ES PN In mid-May'! 

For ,ome rea'on. Ihe world of 
'POlh i, lodged deep wi lhin Ihe 
conseioll snc~s of oLir soci':ly. 

A gr at dea l of SpOI1 appcaJ... 10 
the children Wllhlll u~, For a 101 o f 
peopl<: - inci ud ll1g me -Ihe 
boundarie .. of childhood are 
defi ned by ,pol1 ing event~, 
Innumemble times in Ihese page~ 
I' ve mentioned my h rrcnd us 
history as a member of organized 
spons team, . 

VOlt ,\N'I 1'1 . \' lo~ing ha.\ehall for fOLlI' ) ear.. ot 
such a young Ide \\Ithout feeling 
some ,011 of impact. 

Ilidlllg behind the plano in my 
livi ng room. hearing my fa ther 
argue on the phone wi th my 
,e\enth gmdc b;l,l..elball ,o;lch 
alter the coach had pulled our 
team out of a IOulll.lment galllt: 

bccau~e he had "other pllln~". 
Knowing my falher', argument 
cen tered on the fllct Ihal Ihe te;U11 
deserved to play. even though .I 
lot of the pb yen; - IIIdlidillg 11Il' 
- weren't any good. 

Losing moments defined a 
good pal1 of my childhood. But 
the friendship and team\ ork 
forged in the fi re~ of searing 
l o~ses - Twa in Ilarte Elemt:n-
tary 82. Columbia Elementary 2 
- were also pan of that child-
hood. 

Sports linl.. u, togelher. They 
gi e fans a cOlllmon pool of 
J... n wledge. Somehow. it's 
re;l" uring 10 know that the peoplc 
around.ou J... nm aboul Babe 
Ruth ' , 714 h me run~. They've 
,een Joe Montana read a defense 
and throw a touchdown pa,s. 
They've seen lichael Jorti<ln sour 
over scv.:n-footer, 011 hi~ \\ il. 10 a 
,lam dun l.. . 

I 'l I)PO~t· II'S 1111' h, pn lie hold thai ,port, have over me thai 
hud made lIle .lhk to COille up 
",Jth 26 of the,e columns in my 
lIIne here. Sure. a lot of tht: time 
\"hat I' ve had to..ay is only 
obliquely concemed wi th spol1 s. 
But the spol1 ing world is a 
C0111mon sWIling poi nt. 

So while I m liltl h;Ive ad-
dre:.~d issues in Ihe more ~rious 
world of mainstream opinion. in 
some ways it' , better to have 
di scussed them through the realm 
of spol1 .. 

It's one thing to say thm AIDS is 
See SCORE, Page 13 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursda.y, June 4, 1992 

Three Times as Good for Tritons 
• Women 's W:ll r polo 
knock ff U Davis 
f rnati nal titl 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

omebody once \a it.l that had 
thing~ a" ay, h;lppen In Ihree . 

That pen, n ev idel1ll y never 
Illet the SO women', water 
pol team. 

Perhaps it was a U Davis 
fan who muttered thol'oe cursed 
words, Unlikely - but fiming. 

Three wus the lucl..y number 
for the Tritons last month as they 
againl..nocJ...cd off the Agg ies in 
the finals of the USA ollegiale 
Women ', Water Polo hampi-
onshlp to c1allll their third con-
,eCUlive title. 

With the 10-9 win in front of 
a crowd of 1.500 in Vienna, Vir-
gin ia, U D becmne the first 
tCLUn in the hi story of collegiate 
women'~ watel polo to aCl:Om-
plbh Ihal fea t and once again put 
the nation', top-ranl..ed Aggie, 
out 10 pa<,\ ure. 

That', n t to 'lay that the Will 
wus an ea.\y one. 

In fac t. curly on it lool..cd as 
though Dav i ~ might ~po il the 
Tri t 11~ ' championship bid. 

Wilh U Dtrail ing3-2 ncar-
ing the end of the fir..t quaner in 
the toumamel1l final s. the Tri-
tons' Juile Swail banged in a 
goal to tie the score. But the 
officlab ruled Ihut Ihe b;11I had 
l10t left Swai l's ha~d when time 
expired and Ihe g0al wal> disal -

Dan McDoweIV Guardian 
Jamie Dailey led the UCSD women's water polo team to a third consecutive championship this year. 
lowed. 

The score remained deadlocked 
at halftime as each teummanaged to 
sma I.. Ihe canva~ for two goals and 
UCDwel1l imothe loc"erroom with 
a 5-4 halftime lead. 

BUI ifUCSDwomen'swmerpolo 
Head Coach Denny II arper was wor-
ried going into the locker room, his 
leam quickly quieted his fears. 

I\arper said after the game that 
he could feel the confidence ema-
nating from hi s players. "I got this 
tremendous sense from them," he 

said, "Theywere~aying 'We've gol 
Ihem. We're going 10 win this ... · 

Behind All-Americans Brenda 
Reiton und Jamie Dailey, UCSD 
swam bnck to knot the score at 7-7 
after the third period. 

W-ith I: IOremaining inthefourth 
period and the Tritons up by one al 
9-8.ReilOn tired in what soon turned 
out to be the winning goal. 

UCSD managed to keep the 
Aggies offense in check. and when 
the Tritons slole the ball with only 
seconds remaining, the title was 

Ihein;. 
Reiton wa~ honored a~ Player 

of the Year for her superlative 
effons throughout the season. 
Dailey was named the touma-
ment MVP. 

The 1992 season saw ils share 
of Triton/Aggie matchups. 

In April, UCSD went 2-3 in 
the Santa Barbara Toumamem 
which included a very impres-
sive 10-4 win over Davis. 

The Tritons continued to 
See'W: POLO, Page 14 

So Close and Yet So Far for Baseball 
By Ben Elgin 
Staff Writer 

Strenglhened by a host of tal-
ented Iran. fers and a vetcrnn 

Dan McOoweliGu.1rcU1 

pitching siaff. ninth-
ranked UCSD (28-
9- 1) rebounded 
from a sub-.SOO ~ea-

son in 199 1 to earn a 

regional playoffs. 
Th e Trit o n 

hardballer; met top-
mnked Cal LUlheran 

in the lirst round, bUI 
rJll out of steam 

after the first 
three games. 

U C S D 
trJiled the 

besl-

of-five series 2-I.sending the show-
down into a doubleheader sched-
uled for the next aftemoon. Unfor-
tunately forthe clubbers. the second 
game of the twinbill wasn' t neces-
sary. a. CLU sleamrolled the ex-
hau led Tritons. 10-0. 

Despite a disappoinling conclu-
\ ion (0 their sea~on . Head Coach 
Lyle Yate wa ' pleased with his 
team 'l> overall showing. ' 'I'm proud 
of this baJlcJub." Y ntes said aflerthe 
10-0 drubbing. "We played a tre-
mendou series and a tremendous 
~eason. [The finul game i doesn't 
diminish anything." 

The veteran UCSD skipper hut! 
his reasons for being proud. as the 
1992 Tritons set club record ' in 
winning pe('(elllage (.757) and few-
est losse (9). 

lbe Triton batsmen stormed out 
oflheopeninggmcs. tearing through 
the month of February with an 8-0-
I record, 

lbey fared well in March, win-

ning six of nine games. including a 
2-2 record in their own UCSD Invi-
tational Tournament. In the month 
of April. the Tritons posted 12 wins 

again~1 three losses, all bUI ~ealing:J 
berth in the West Regionals. 

UCSD entered the fir..1 round of 
the playo ffs with an impres~ive 27-
6-1 record ; however. it paled ncxt to 
Cal Lutheran 's 36-3 lally. The 

King~ Jllen took two of the fin;1 three 
gamel>. all one-run conte~ t~ decided 
in Ihe fi nal inning. That set Ihe tage 
for game four' s blow-out. 

Third baseman David Blum. a 
senior transfer from Cal State 
Dominguez Hills. was impressed 
with the level of competition in the 
first three contests. ''This team has 
a lot of fight in it. and we showed it 
with the firsl three games." COm- , 
mented Blum after game four. "1l1ey 
were three of the mOl>t intense games 
I' ve ever played in." 

Leading the team's overall suc-
See BASEBAU. Page 15 

A salllll8 guide to the best 
~ 

as well as 

H2 
'Patriot Games' 

Also Inside: 
L 7 is Better than 

Nirvana?/H8 

• Wind Ensemble 
Holds Final 
Concert/H7 

on visitilC the 

HARRISON FORD ADDS HUMAN DIMENSION TO J-llS CHARACfER, JACK RYAN 
H6 

lIIusUat,ons by Aoger Kuo Guara·ao 



H2 HiATUS 

This ummer is expected to be a 
bonanza for pop mu ic fans. With 
stadium tours by the Cure, Guns 'N 
Roses and Metallica topping the 
lis t, amphitheaters will feature a 
variety of musical acts thi summer. 
Here's a list that will help cure those 
ummenime blues. 

Altemative: 
The biggest altemativeshow this 

summer is the Cure's current tour. 
TIle British band is touring with the 
Cranes. The first show. June 23 at 
the Spons Arena. has already sold 
out. bUltickets are still available for 
the June 24 show. Although the 
band sounds quite somber on its 
current album, vocalist Roben Smith 
has enough sex appeal to make his 
fan giddy. 

Peter Murphy's tour al 0 offers 
gothic gloom. Although the fonner 
Bauhaus singer's solo career hasn't 
exactly blossomed, he plays some 
Bauhaus material during perfor-
mances, and his voice is still as 
creepy as ever. He plays with the 
Nymphs at Co')ley Symphony Hall 
on July I. 

Although there is no San Diego 
dme as of yet. there will be anOlher 
Lollapalooza tourthis summer. TIle 
show. headlined by the Red Hot 
Chili Peppers. is still in the works. It 
will probably include Ice Cube.Jesus 
and Mary Chain. and Ministry. Or-
ganiz.er Perry Farrell has promil>ed 
to have representatives from both 
liberal and conservative group. so 
don't get caught in the cros fire. 
The show is scheduled for Aug. 28 
at the Irvine Meadows Amphithe-
ater in Laguna Hills. 

Other notable alternative shows 
include KMFDM at Iguana's in 
Tijuana. June 6, Alien Sex Fiend at 
the Backdoor at SDSU on June 12, 
and fomler Echo and the Bunnymen 
lead singer Ian McCulloch at 
Iguana·s. June 26. 

Heavy Metal: 
Without a doubt, the biggest 

heavy metal show this summer is 
the pairing of Guns 'N Roses and 
Metallica. A date has not been set. 
but the show is planned for Jack 
Murphy Stadium 'ometime in Au-
gust. If the bands can keeptheiregos 
from colliding. the show should be 
spectacular. 

Assuming he doesn't bite the 
heads off any bats. Ozzy Osboume 
will be playing with Slaughter and 
Ugly Kid Joe at the Spon Arena. 
June 16. Pantera will perform with 
White Zombie at the Spons Arena. 
June 26. The concert will feature 
geneml admission seating to facili-

ON 
THE 
SIDE 

tate heavy mo hing. Tesla plays at 
the Sports Arena, July 7 with 
Firehouse. 
World Beat and Reggae: 

There are a couple of reggae 
tours happening this summer. This 
year's Reggae Sunsplash features 
Aswad. Lucky Dube. BarringlOn 
Levy, John HolI, Papa San, Skool 
and M.C. Tommy Cowan. None of 
these act really captures the es-
sence of reggae. but the food and 
craft fair at these hows usually 
rivals the music for entertainment 
value. The Reggae Sunsplash con-
cen is set for tomorrow night at the 
Open Air Theatre. The World Beat 
Tour features two of reggae's clas-
sic performers. Jimmy Cliff and 
Burning Spear, who will be playing 
with Majek Fashek at the Open Air 
Theater. July 31. 

Classic Rock: 
The summer' c1as ' ic rock slate 

is booked with nostalgia acts. Even 
when he was a fresh face, Dan 
Fogelberg always reeked of enti-
mentality. and he will probably per-
foml his same appy songs at the 
Open Ai r Theater, July 9. Less ener-
getic without Neil Young, Cro by. 
Stills and Nash will play an "un-
plugged" show at the Open AirThe-
aler, Aug. 9. 

Your best bet for a classic rock 
act to catch this summer is not a live 
show. but the Rolling Stones "At 
the Max." which is playing at the 
Reuben H. Reet Space Theater in 
Balboa Park. The filmoflhegroup's 
Steel Whecls tour is directed by 
Julien Temple and features the lat-
est in ound and film technology. 

-Jeff Niesel 

" THfATfR 
Everyone is talking about the 

summer's hottest movies . but what 
about the summer's hOliest musical 
and theater production~? I f summer 
films have been a di appointment 
thus far. you shou Id put you r money 
into a seemingly more anistic ven-
ture and check out one of the m:.lOY 
San Diego productions listed be-
low. 
A ••• My Name is Stili Alice 

This production i ' made up of24 
musical skits wrinen by 28 authors. 
The production deals with " the fe-
male condition in 1992." One of the 
kits included in the piece. titled 

"The Group," takes place in the 
"David Souter Home for Unwed 
Mothers" where the "A-word" 
(abortion) isn't allowed. This play 
runs through June 21 at the Old 
Globe Theater. Shows are Tuesday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m .. Sunday 
at 7 p.m. with matinees Saturday 

The UCSD Guardian 

WHEIlIER YOU'RE STAYING IN OUR NECK OF THE 
WOODS OR MAKING THE LONG HAUL TO EUROPE, 

HIATUS HAS A FEW TIPS ON WHAT TO SEE. 

and Sunday at 2 p.m. 
Boardwalk Melody Hour 

Murders 
This is an interactive murder 

mystery wrinenanddirected by Torn 
Chiodo.TI1C audience-participation 
dinner-theater show is set in Atlan-
tic City'S Imperial Ballroom. on the 
boardwalk, where '30s mdio host 
Sammy "Pretty Boy" Bambinodoes 
his show live. One night a stmnger 
kidnaps Sammy's and hi s wife 
Trixie's adopted baby and a uspect 
i shot by mistake. This is when the 
audiencecomes in, anned with bribe 
money. This show has an open-
ended run at the Lake San Marcos 
Resort. Shows run on Friday and 
Saturday at 8 p.m. For more infor-
mation. call 544-1600. 

GettIng Around 
l1lis is the adaptation of Anhur 

Schnitzler' "Reigen." In 10scenes. 
the production depicts casual sexual 
encounters in which one person from 
the previous scene wi II appear in the 
next one with a new partner. Thi 
updated adaptation now takes place 
in San Diego with an ensemble of 
modernized characters. The show is 
being pre ented at the Blackfriars 
Theater located at the Bristol Court 
Playhou e. The how runs through 
June 6. Showing are Wednesday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sun-
day at 2 p.m . 

The Glass Menagerie 
The La Jolla Playhouse open it 

eason wilh a classic Tennessee Wil-
liams play directed by Douglas 
Hughes. The di fference between this 
version of the Menagerie and the 
many others i that it is told from the 

tHusiJaOOns by Roger KuoIGuwrian 

olderTom's point of view. He looks 
back at the Depression from a World 
War and sees his family with its 
back to the wall. The play runs 
through June 14 at the Mandell 
Weiss Theater. Shows are Tuesday 
through Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sun-
day at 7 p.m .• with matinees Satur-
day and Sunday at 2 p.m. 

Mr. RIckey Calls a 
Meeting 

This is a drama based on a meet-
ing that never actually took place. It 
provides a forum for someoftoday's 
most crucial issues and is actually a 
debate disguised as a dtaITla. The 
piece isan idea taken from Joe Louis' 
autobiography in which he recall a 
meeting in 1947 where he, Branch 
Rickey of the Brooklyn Dodgers, 
Jackie Robinson, Paul Robe on and 
Bill "Bojangles" Robinson con-
vened to discuss Jackie Robinson 
breaking the color barrier by play-
ing in the major leagues. The show 
is being presented at Cassius Caner 
Centre Stage, Simon Edison Centre 
for the Performing Arts. This show 
runs through June 21. Shows are 
TuesaaythroughSaturdayat8p.m., 
Sunday at 7 p.m. Matinees are 
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday 
at2p.m. 

Sexual Perversity In 
Chicago 

This is David Marner's comical 
expo e of the singles' scene. The 
play is not about "sexual perver-
sity" but about the ways veterans of 
the singles' scene erect barriers to 
prevent each other from imimacy. 
Danny and Debomh have met and 
are headed toward love. Hi friend 

Thursday, June: 4,1992 

Bernie and her roommate J oan. how-
ever, are determined to prevent it 
from happening. The two function 
like evil angels at the ear of Danny 
and Deborah. TIle play is showing 
at the Fritz Theater. Shows are Fri-
day and Saturday at 10 p.m. and hO\S 
an open-ended run. For more infor-
mation call 233-7505. 

To Kill A MocIdngbIrd 
We've all seen the movie and 

know how ironic it is for 1992. The 
play centers around the trial of an 
African-American by an all-white 
jury. The piece. set in Maycomb, 
Alabama in 1935. raises issues about 
race. justice and social class. The 
play is showing at Lamb's Players 
1lleater through June 7. Shows are 
Thursday 7:30 p.rn .. Friday and Sat-
urday at 8 p.m. with matinees Satur-
day at2 p.m. 

-Wileen Wong 

It 's probably no surprise by now 
that the Olympic game will be in 
Barcelona and the World 's Fair will 
be in Seville. While this in itself 
may not be enough to make you 
want to visit Spain, the following 
tidbits might. 

On Expo '92: 
Many may argue that Colum-

bus and Spain did it all wrong the 
first time around by superimposing 
their culture on the Native Ameri-
cans. You can help Spain do it right 
the second time around as Seville 
hosts the World' s Fair, dubbed Expo 
'92. Celebrating the 500th anniver-
sary of the discovery of America. 
the theme is appropriately labeled 
"The Age of Discoveries 1492-
1992." However, make no mistake 
about it, this is one event that won' t 
be dominated by the Europeans. 
Pavilions have been set up for 112 
nations. and 10 million visitors are 
expected to pay the $40 entrance 
fee. 

On Madrid: 
In the wake of the megafiestas 

happening in Spain's second cities, 
it's capital. Madrid. has been left in 
the shadows. Or ... maybe not. 
Madrid is this year's European Capi-
tal of Culture. Among the events 
planned for the year-long arts festi-
val are: Amnesty International's 
concert to benefit female human 
rights activists. weekly workshops 
where artists play and intellectuals 
scrutinize their work , symposiums 
on different genres of music such as 
rock, pop and jazz in which major 
stars might panicipate, and a whole 

See MADRID, Page H8 

Peter Murphy Red Hot Chill Peppers Ozzy Osbourne PIcasao'. Quemlc:a In Madrid 

t 
, I I ( 

H3 SPECIAL ADVERTISING SECTION. JUNE 4-SEPT. 15, 1992 

" ,/ 

I 
, 

, 

\: 

, 

~/ 
I 

1" , 

ADVERTISEMENTS IN THE GUARDIAN NEWSPAPER 

ARE CONCEIVED BY LOCAL BUSINESS MANAGERS 

AROUND UCSD. WEEK AFTER WEEK THESE GOOD 
PEOPLE SPEND GOOD MONEY INVITING YOU TO 

SAMPLE THEIR SERVICES, AND THEY FEEL THAT YOU 

DESERVE A BR EAK. 

THE FOLLOWING SPREAD FEATURES MANY OF THE 

GUARDIAN FAITHFULS . To ALL OUR ADVERTISERS, 
AND TO THOSE OF YOU WHO WISELY USE THEIR ADS, 

WE THANK YOU. 
·The UCSD Guardian Ad Team 

J 
~/ 

/ 

/ 

, 

( 

.. 



VA KIMONO 

SUS J( I & DAI L Y SP EC I ALS 

"Best Teriyaki in Town" 

,..-Ja_pa_n .. _o -_FO_Od ---i U C 5 D S P E e I A L 
TERIYAKI $399 
CHICKEN DINNER 

E.p 9/1 S/9'l 

Y AK I MaN a (IN L1/0LLA COLONY PLAZA) 
772 Regents Rd . #501 (Von~.Shopping Center) 452.4255 
Toke 0<11 """,bbI., W. ollOofier (Oier,nglONo<e, 
HOURS' 1130 om-9 pm (Man -Thy" 1.1 t 30 om·l0 pm IFr & Sor I. 5-9 pm Sundays 

· .. -----EING-FIT 
At only $20 a month with no contract, 
you can't gel a better bargain. 

Off8r expo,es 9115192 

NO INITIATION FEE 
• AEROBICS • L IFECYCLES 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRMASTERS • CLEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAUTILUS • PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 

• 4 MILES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clairemonl Square Shopping Center 483.9294 
(Near Lee Wards. behind Pat's Sport) 

also local"" near sosu (698·1702) 

We copy all night 
FC!'IDOSt O[w. thercjusl3Itn 't enough ~ ina 91> 5 day. 
We krow thaI there are tirrr.s when you 'U fUld yourself 
w<Jking around the clock to gel an imporunl project ~~ 
C(Jllpiewl on time. And that's why we're O\Xn 24 . 
hours a day ... every day_ So no mantr whCll you need a 
belping baM and a friendly fact, you 11 find dlem al !Cinko's. 

457·3775 483-1842 
La jolla Pacific Beach 

8 49 ViO. La Jolla Drive 1814 Gamet Avau 
• 10 l.oc:tuioo in SanDitgo W I VISA I • Fru Pid·Up« Dtlivuy 

~ 
It's easy, just come in (no appointment) 

and take the next available stylist 

, 

Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haIrcut 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra 
Full service reg $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subject to 
avaIlabi lIty of stylists To 
Insure faster service I'S 
oest to come on wePKdavs 

Open 6 Days M -F-S 9-6pm , T·W·T 9-8pl1t 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAILS 

457-3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr . • La Jolla CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Near Ralphs & Savonl 

MEN-WOMEN 

Buy 1 CHICKEN son TACO 75 ¢ 
($1.50) and get the second for ~ 

® $ 
R ·O B 

~ ~-e-- ":\:\13 ' 
E R T ' S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed· Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mis ion Bay Drive e 
..... (1·5 to Balboa exit> San Diego _ .. 

w. use erG recommend Kendal 
'bltanu to OUf c:.ustorn~ 

Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm • Saturdays 8 am-5 pm 

100/0 OFF al l repairs with this coupon 
·Except motor and transmissIOn ol'erhaul. 
Not valid with any other coupon. 3 , • 

EARLY EVENING DINNERS 
Monday-Friday 5-6 p.m. 

Fresh Fish, Prime Rib, Teriyaki Chicken or Top Sirloin 
$ 12.95 

-----

Includes salad bar and hot breads, 
plus rice or baked potn tQ 

LA JOllA 
1270 Prospect Srreer' 459-8201 

Call Jor reservations. 

~ 
TIlE rnARTI-KX..EE. 
STEAKS'SE A fOOD'PRI M E RIB 

The (Sun" is 
always shining T· &T 

at rim an 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

' R1$! time elients ooly .. ith this coupon. 

30 TAN DAYS 
Cat! for details . 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
Lose 8" Guanmteed 
European Body Wrap-only $48 
Not ~~aty~.,.!!s..:.. ~e~un!..Md 2!!et~ ~ 
I FREE SGmp'e ACCELERATOR 

wuh this coupon. Expires sn.!i'92. 

Zip's Tummy Buster, UCSD Price Center. 458-0070 

Quench Your 
Thirst Here! 

16-oz. 85~ 
20-oz. 95~ 
32-oz. $1 
Tax Included. New prICes start 6/15/92. 

Don't forget to try our ·Salad Barn-slim down your 
figure but not your budget this summer! 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certiti tied Oral urg~on 
• General anesthe 'ia ava ilable 
• tcril e technique observed 
• 107(' UCSD Dis ollnt* 
• Close 10 campus with free parking 
• In 'urancc Plan Welcome 

""" lIh l'CSO III f \1"1f'l"). '1/1~N~ 

1m RICHARD E. BARSAN, DDS Diplomate, American Board of CAL L Oral and MaXillofacial Surgery 459.5565 
470 Nautilus Street . Suite 212, La Jolla 

H4 SPECIAL • SUMMEllADVEllTlSING FEATURE . JUNE 4 . SEPT. IS, 1992 • SPECIAL H5 

5 EVERAL THOUSAND STUDENTS AND MANY 
STAFF MEMBERS WILL KEEP UCSD FROM 

BECOMING -A GHOST·TOWN DURING THE 

SUMMER OF '92. SINCE THE GUARDIAN WON'T 
PUBLISH AGAIN UNTIL SEPTEMBER 21 ST, 

WE'VE PUT TOGETHER YOUR VERY OWN 

ADVERTISING SURVIVAL KIT! MOST OF THESE 

COUPONS AND SPECIALS WILL LAST 'TIL 

SEPTEMBER, SO WE URGE YOU TO STEAL THIS 

PAGE AND STICK IT- ~ P ON THE FRIDGE. 

HAVE A FUN SUMMER. 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS' NOTES 

3211 Holida)' Ct. ("exl to Domillo's Pizza) 
M·F 8:3N p.m. 4 5 2 - 9 9 4 9 ExpIres 9/ 15/ 92 
Sat. 1-4 p.m. with UCSD ID 

------------

Something to Smile About! 
$2900 Exam Be Cleaning 

° ' IHxk up x-r.t) 
• Cleaning indudc\ sc.tling (d",s 'lilf we/"d,. p..,.idollfll l 

n·t'IIrmmu) 
° 01'.11 oncer M:rcclllllg Jnd pt:ridun[JI (heck with CXJm 

R,~. S,I 00 \\',,11 "'urOIl .IIJ 'IUJ<1lI ID to"l\. br'" 9/ 15/92, 

LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
James E. Sanford D .D.S. 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 
rROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VIIl.A LA JOLLA DR., SUITE 2103 
Top Flu. r , I"JI bdlllld 
Ilu E/;plon ll l Bnr 

558-3490 
hmill_II!';'- Snlllrrlnr 

APP"IIIII11t11IJ Al'nilnbl.: 

• 

APPETIZER* 
with purchase of lunch or 

• dinner entree 
ot "3Iid WIth ~ny other offcr 

·c.eludes King Combo AppetlZe1' 
UP TO $5.99 VAlUE Expires 9/2 I /q~. 
12865 El Camino Real (Del Mar Heights Road 

and El Cammo) 793'{)445 

---~---------------
GET RELlEF ... GfT RfSULTS .•. GfT HEAL THY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
• ince 1980, Ihe goal 01 our 
praclice ha been 10 find 
and remo.e Ihe cause of 
your heallh problem, mlher 
than just symptom relief - • 
without costly drugs or 

• Student & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto, Work & ports Injuric 
• In urance Accepted 
• Open Daily 9 am-7 pm 

and Saturday 
surgery. " 

CALL TODAYFOR AfFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 
558-3600 

\'0 (O'T I"TI \1 'PI'- \1 1\·\\1 
\,\11 ( 0'-'1 I T \ T 10\, 

...--=- 8899 UnivcT>i ty (cnler Lane, Suite 150 
~"IoIWI~"I' located al 1·- dnd La Jotla Villag!' O, ive 

JCrth', Irorn Hyall A\lCllllrlC 

This Summer, Terrorize 
the Boardwalk. 

Call 488·PLU5 in Pacific kach 

L SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC $18.99 
NAILS Reg. $35 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

NOI valid Wlih any o!he, offOls. E,po/es 9115192. 

ToNY 
• A PlACE FOR RIBS· 
~ UCSD SUMMER DEAL 

... 
with any lunch or dinner 
entree & this ad. 

1/2 loaf of our 
crispy world famous 
onion rings 

(1 pertable) 

.10% OFF your total bill 
411 0 Mission Blvd. in Pacific Beach 

call 272-RIBS Judged Best Ribs in America@ 

------ -

~---3-min-.fi-_UCSD--~~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

FREE DELIVERY* 
Please place order 24 hours in advance 
·S20 minimum purc.h8M ·wilhm 6 mile rudlus or campUI 

•

we 
Deliver 
World 

• Wide! 

I:xp. 9115192. 
Not. valid with 
any other offer. 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 

DOZEN CARNATIONS 

with PurtMie or 8. 0 or more. 
Not valid with any other oro f . 
Exp. 9115192 

_

II', 
Dellvtr 
World 

• \\'tde' 

l[')l va 
. r.,J~ r~J.t: ~. ,>r'~~ 
Diowers cf: 9 .ljis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego. CA 91 11~ 

558-6666 

ueSD ~s 
NIGHTS 

CONTINUE ALL 
SUMMER LONG! 

~ at 
11\ 0 IUl'flNf, CO 'ILSNf.S 

lo~. Torrey P,ne. Rd. lOUt/, Sun.·Thurs. 
I r. d h 11 am-Ilpm 8;30 pm _,0 _c.. I,.~, 5e en on Giror , rig Ion Pearl Fri.· Sot. " ... " ". < 
right on foy (n." 10 Bloclhu,reri II am-2 am 

::-----~ 1536 FAY AVE. Y CAll4S6·8REW 

Unlimited Copies 
3.5e ea. 

8.5 • 11 • 20# white· autoleed or self serve 
w,th Ihls CO\Ipon 

Must show student 10. hplres 9115/92. 
4150 Regents Park Row. La Jolla. CA 92037 

457-1007 
AUTO PORT MALL MIRAMAR •••• 

roM'S Master Mechanics 
Service & Repair 

Master Technicians ASC 
VW • Audi • ASE Certified 

20% DISCOUNT withlhisod . E<pires9/1Si92 
Must present coupon and votid UCSO ID at time of estmote. 

NOI volkl wrth mejor engine or Ironsmissron repalTS. 

rtIJ CALL 450-9494 
I w:1 IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR AUDIS. 

A SK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T B DISCOVERED US YET. A SV US FOR REFEREN CES. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 



H6 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, JWle 4 1992 

• Center i run and organized by students who enjoy having artistic freedom 
By Ted Sunoo 
Staff Wnter 

Sometimes. in the mid~t of e Jm~ lind paper" 
,tudent~ find them,elve~ caughl in a rul. In fact, many 
of thelll have reduced themselve\ to belOg "lUdent~ 
exclUSively in the aC:luemic senc;e. adly. expan,ion of 
knowledge j., equated to a quinng information or a 

profe~sor's own theories and often mean, regurgitat-
ing or rearranging a profcs'>Or'~ ideas. 

'lUdent, should try to 1001.. beyond the l' la"room\ 
and edU\;ah: them\Clve~ by adding a dimenSion to 
COllege life th:l1 goes beyond the Price enter and 

\~eeJ.,day movie<" IronIcally. the~e sOllrcel> of enrich-
ment arc usually under the <,tudenh' nose.s. TIle I\nm:x 
Student Gallery. located on the boll 111 floor of th.: 

Mand~ Ilk Center. 1\ indeed one of CSD', hidd~n 
trea"url:\ , 

111e Anne, Gallery I ~ organiJ;cd hy the Vi,u;J1 An 

"Untitled" by David 
Hessler 

depallment to allow its 
undergraduate and gradualc 
~tudenh to e,hlbit their worl..s 
to the public for free, 
Mandeville Gallery DIrector 
Gerry Me lIi~ ler realizes the 

pric.:k:,~ opponunity given to 
V,A. Mudcnts by having a 
forum to ~how off their :tllislic 
talents, 

"I I.. now how imponant it is 
for ,tudent~ to put their \Vorl.. 
OUI. huve thei r worh. ~hown. 
hnw you handle anl~t\' worh.\. 
and how you deal with anist'" 
McAlli"ter "aid. 

McAlli~ter ~tre!tses that 
though the V.A. depanment provides the space. "we 
do not supply much of ,my thing in the way of equip-
ment and we do n t help with the installation of it.·· 

Whatthe~e studel11s do get b a key to the gallery on 
noon Saturday. allowing 48 hou~ to prepare for the 
opening of their exhibit at noon Mond~y. Students 'Ire 
given complete creative cont ro l in ~e lli ng up thei r 
week-long exhibi tions. 

TIle Annex Gallery. McAllister explained. "be-
c me~ a laboratory space for the slUdent . TIlat anbt. 
or group of anbt ~. Icams how to in~tall a work. how t 
put up the labels. hO\ high to hang it. h w to li ght it. 
how to meet deadlines - alltho~e thing~ that have to 
do with dealing with a gall ery in the community or a 

PholOS by Sue Mapes. Guardian 

"The Pillar" by M. is one of many student works 
currently on display at the Annex Gallery. 

gallery III the luture." 
TIlough ~lUdenb are given mu h creat ive 

freedom. MeAlli~ter ~ay~ she is very strict with 
them becau~ "I think it's important for them to 

~n \V the realities of the world." Also. given the 
heavy demand for the space, an ists must have a 

profe~~or\ or advisor's 'Ipproval. McAll b ter 
explains that an eKhibit shown at Ihe Annex "ha 
to represent the philosophy of the depanment." 
There is . 0 much demand for the space that the 

und ergraduate~ must have a group show and tbey 
have to s ign up about two quarters in advance. 

McAllister points out that 'uch great demand 
was nOt the norm in the past. During the 1970s, 
back when the ~tudent gallery was located in the 
old Humaniti es LibrJry (student named it the 
"Annex" gallery becau 'e it was at one time a 
r m next to the main gallery down in the 
ba.,emcnt), there were substantially fewer students 
enrolled in the Visual Arts Department. 

However, McAllister points OUI that today 
"U D's V.A, grOlduate school has become one 

of the mO:,1 pre~ti gi u~ in the nati n in contempomry 
art." The ~chool receive!. hundreu, of applications 
for about 12-15 opening every)car. 

Thu~, UCSD ~tudents have free ,Icce~s to the 
works of highly talented art slUdentl>, And thaI i, the 
appeal and driving ~ ree behind the Annex - that it 
i!> a look int th creative mind~ of other ~t utlenLs. 
1cAllister. having achieved her Masters here at 

UCSD in 1974 and becomlllg director In 1976, ha, 
"a very 'trong affini ty to tudents and student!>' 
work," 

McA lli l>ler ~trc~sc:, Ihat while the Annex serve~ 
an important r Ie for Visual Art, slUdcllh in terms of 
experience. it can al'>O enrich the campu' community 

,l~ a whole. McAlli,ter's goal IS to tl) to get a more 
viable art gallery on thi s campus. "I've always felt 
studen1~. even if they are not ,Irt majors, if they 
access six contemporary an shows that we do in the 
m .. in gaiJery - when Ihey leave here they have u 
fine imroducllon to contempomry art. illS jU~1 a 
shame that they can't be used more:' ,he \a id. 

McAlli:.ter realizes th .. t gett ing an ;audience for 
galleries such as the Annex is a difficult task. She 
knows ~tudents are busy and few people even know 
about the gallery given its hidden location. But for 
un anist, he explains. " that's your lifeblood for 
people to see your work, You need that feedback 
that gives you the stimulus to go on and do o ther 
things." 

McAllister also want to explain to the cillnpus 
community that it should try to have an open mind 
about art. e~pecially since most students have linle 
background in the subject. 

"Many tudents, believe it or not, as modem und 
up-to-date as they are, one place they'll remain 
conservative is in looking at vi ual art. They either 
fcel uncomfortable about it orlhey ' ll ~y ' hlllm ... I 
don't like that or any five-year-old kid could do it.' 
They give value judgements, but they give a value 
judgement based on nothing. So I think that the beSt 
thing for anybody to do in looking at an is to go look 
at it first. 

"The Annex would be a good place to get started. 
Go look at it . ju t say 'why did they do that?' and 
. what's the intention of this anist?' Be curious and 
ask questions and be open and don't be set in your 
mind when you don't have anything to base it on. 
You've got to look a lot and educate yoursel f," she 
said. 

'Patriot Games' Between a Trot' and Cantor 
By Peter Ko 
Senior Staff Writer 

TIlerearesequels, and then there's 
"Patriot Games." Opening Friday. the 
second link in ~ III C1,Ulcy's chain of 
novels about CIAanaly~tJuckRyan i ' 
a sequel to the 1990 hit"The Hunt for 
Red October" only in thescnse that the 
nUlllCS of thc chamcters are the same. 
Everything else has changed, 

Phillip Noyce. who directed the 
slow·building thnller "Deud Culm:' 
has taken over the director\ chair 
from J hn McTiernan, who in adcli-
ti n to "Red October," piloted tile 
action maste'1licxe "Die Hard." And 
the difference is notice'lble. 

Whereas McTieman kept "Red 
October" moving a10ngat a crisp pa e 
and treated it as a true action/adven-
ture film. Noyceallempls to duplicate 
theslow-fusestyleheutilizedin"Dead 
Calm:' The results are mixed, 

In one respect. Noyce's style is 
bener- uiled for "Patriot Games," 
which relies more on character inter-
action and development tilan its pre-
cessor.lnstead of being built around a 
frantic global hunt for a runaway ub-

marine. the second installment enters 
on tile venge;.ux:e sought by a young 
Irish terrorist (Sean Bean) after Ry,Ul 
killshisyoungerbrotherduringablown 
a-;sa'\.sination attempt ona Briti~h lord. 

In attempting toestablish the char-
acters' relationships, however. Noyce 
has a tendency to get bogged down in 
awkwardly-handled emotional scenes. 
in pmtieular an exchange bet\~een 
Ryan and his wife Cmhy in a London 
hospital. mld a bathroom Ilashback 
scene at CIA headqu<U1ers. 

I mni ally. where "Patriot GUlm:s" 
is at ib best is when Noyce shuns the 
~Iow-fuse and cr.lcks the whi p to "ecp 
the action moving, A freeway ch:L-;e 
scene, which seems to have become 
tandard fare in action films.is handled 

expenlyandgiven a definite '90s Ilair. 
Inadditi n. tile final climactic scene in 
which RY:Ul,hisfamily and theirhouse 
gu sts try to evade terrori ts who have 
encircled their home is one to file 
away in the memory bunk 

The director is not the only change 
from the first go-around. HanisonFord 
takes over the role of Ryan from Alec 
Baldwin. Whereas the Ryan from the 

fir.;t effol1 was something of a super-
man who plunged40 feet into urging 
ocean waters. conver.ied in Russian 
with renegade sub dJi vers and steered 
a top-secret missile submarine, Ford 

~ucceeds in bringing a human dimen-
~ion to the character. while losi ng 
nothing from Ryan's persona as a 
person who is very capable of taking 
care of himself. He even manages to 
look appropriately awkward while 
gunning down the assolssins. 

Hb best moment, however. conlCl. 
while inahospitaJ. watchinghisdaUgh-
ter lie unconscious and near death. 

Anne Archer ("Fatal Attr.lCtion") 
Ulld Patrick Bergin ("Sleeping With 
the nemy") share headliner , latus 
with Ford, but both have seen bcner 
days. At times, Archer, as Ryan' 
wife,tums the role of the independent, 
very capable opthamologist into an 
il.-e queen. For a good portion of tile 
film, he walks around with what ap-
pears to be a half-grimace, half-frown 
- almost like she has gas pains, 

Bergin is misused He' nevergiven 
enough ofachance to develop his role 
as the ruthless leader of the terrorist 

Director Phillip Noyce discusses a scene with Harrison Ford, 

group, other th;Ul cold-bloodedly kill- manages to stand quite nicely, When 
ing a trio of IRA hitmen. it trots. it borders on plodding. But 

TIle gems of the film are Bean and when it sprints, it's on par with any 
Samuel L, Jackson, as Ryan ' best top-drawer action film. With the 
friend, Commander Robert Jackson. wheels already chuming on "Oear 
In particular, Bean plays the roleofthe and Present Danger," the third Oaney 
mi. guidedlerrorist, whose mge clouds novel headed for the big screen, it 
hi judgment. expenly. would be wise for the producers to 

OnitsownmerilS."PalrlQ(Games" keep that in mind. 

Thursday, June 4, 1992 The UCSD Guardian HiATUSH7 

Conductor Makes Last SbnI 
• Concert will combine joy and melancholy THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 
By Jennifer Oyama 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Wind Ensemble 
Concert will highlight the talents of 
UCSD students and community 
members in what has been hailed as 
an unforgettable night of hannoni-
ous rhapsody. Conducted by Lany 
Stoffel, the 55-member ensemble 
will play works by classical masters 
such as Edvard Grieg, Dmitri 
Shostakovich and Charles Catei. It 
is the third and last musical perfor-
mance event this year put on by the 
Wind Ensemble, 

Guest conducted by Stoffel 's un-
dergraduate mentor, UCLA's Di-
rector of Bands 1l10mas Lee. the 
concert will be Stoffel's last due tQ 
administrative budget constraints. 
Lee will be honoring Stoffel and the 
wind ensemble in a special perfor-
mance and will be conducting the 
ensemble's repenory of "Rakoczy" 
and "Hungarian March" by Hector 
Berlioz. 

Also included in the prog= 
will be Edvard Grieg's "Funeral 
March," a piece composed in honor 
of the Norwegian nationalist Rich-
ard Nordraak, who was responsible 
for sparking Grieg' s passion for his 
native country. "Ovenure in C," by 
Charles Cartel , is one of the many 
works compo ed by Cartel for the 
French National Guard Band. 

Mozart's "Allegro from Ser-
enade# II" represents a major band 
movement during the classical pe-
riod of music. It was originally com-
posed, like many serenades, as back-

ground music for ocial events. 
"Finale" by Sho takovich from 

Symphony No. 5 will close the pro-
gram on an appropriate nOle. Tran-
scribed particularly for band, 
Shostakovich's fifth symphony ef-
feclively captures his pirit of 
humankind's triumph over oppre -
sion, Despite the criticism he re-
ceived fonhis piece from Ihe Soviet 
press. hoslakovich stood up for 
what he believed - responding to 
Ihe criticism with a c ri sp onc-liner 
inscribed on the title page of the 
symphony: "An artist's reply to jusl 
criticism." 

Clearly catering to a variety of 
classical musical tastes, the Wind 
Ensemble group consists of indi-
viduals from "all different disci-
plines - from biology majors to 
liter.lture and music majors -
there's a real mix of majors," said 
Laurie Masten. the concert's man-
ager. 

Th~ concert is particularly pe-
cial because of Lee's guest perfor-
manceand because itmarksStoffel's 
last appearance as Wind Ensemble 
conductor. In a dual atmosphere of 
celebration and melancholy ,teacher 
and student (Lee and Stoffel) will 
reunite amidst the rhythms of 20th 
century classical sounds for the pas-
sion that originally inspired their 
tryst: a love of music. The UCSD 
Wind Ensemble will perform Fri-
day at 8 p,m. in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. For further informa-
tion, call 534-3229. Tickets are $5, 
$3 for students and seniors. 

CRITIC'S 
CHOICE 
Marshall Crenshaw 
joins James 
McMurtry, Don 
Dixon, Jules Shear 
and David Halley in 
the second installment 
of "A Bunch of 
Songwriters Sittin' 
Around Singing" at 
Sound FX tomorrow 
night. Phone 560-
8000 for more 
infonnation. 

TONIGHT: As pan of the 10th Annual Undergraduate Ans 
Fe tival, the undelgraduale film festiYai will be held al 
Peterson Hall 110 from 7 p,m. to midnight. 

Adrian Belew and gueSls Bernie Lanon Band will be 
performing at the Belly Up Tavern in Solanu Beach. Belew is a 
renowned guitarist who has played with artists such as David Bowie, 
the Talking Heads and Frank Zappa, Show begins at 9: 15 p.m, 
Tickets are $13.50. For more infomlation call 481 -9022. 

TODAY & FRIDAY: There will be .. multi-media exposi-
tion chronicling the history of student protests ut UCS D at the Ch': 
Cafe, UCSD Exposed will display photos. stories and videos, as 
well as serve refreshments and feature a live band from II a,m, to 5 
p,m. For more information call 534-2311 . 

SATURDAY: "1he Great Age of Sail: Treasures from 
the National Maritime Mu .... m" by Bob Cmwford, is a San 
Diego Museum of Art exhibition and tour will be pre~ented by John 
M. and Sally B. Thomton Rotundu at I p,m. This tour is free with 
museum admission, For more information call 232-793 1. 

Jazz Butcher with special guest Miles From Nowhere, two 
altemative rock b,Ulds perfoml at Winter·s!Fallout.locuted at 5880 
EI Cajon Blvd. Tickets are $8 advance and night of the show. For 
more infomlation call 462-7267, 

SUNDAY: ThelianLaelFoundationoffersa touroftheJames 
Hubbell House. This i~ a sculpture that you live in with stained 
glass, lichened stone, twisted iron and mosaic tile. Open house is 12 
p,m. 10 5 p.m, with music and refreshments, Tickets are $20/ 
members, $30/non-membel's, $20/students. For more infomlation 
call 233-5545 or 582-2334. 

MONDAY: Humphrey 's Concens By TIle Bay 1992 Season 
presents Michael McDonald. Performances are at 7 p.m. and 9 
p,m. Humphrey's is located at 2241 Shelterlsland Drive. For more 
information call 523- 10 I 0, 

~./!r'/./ CONCERT ~(I)~ SERIES 

STUDENT SPECIAL 
1st FLOOR 5 X 5 

$1.00 PAYS 1 sl MO RENT 
$4.00 TOTAL MOVE IN COST 

$63.00 TOTAL COST for 3 Months 
3 Mo. min IllY - Oller oXPO'" June :to, 1992 
~ Low Prices » Ground Floor 5 x 5s » Gate hours from 7am to Bpm 
» R.sld.nt Manag.r » 3 mlnut •• from SDSU » 10 mlnut •• from USD 

In The Mandell Weiss Fo1llm 

HALF PRICE STUDENT RUSH 
AT ALL PERFORMANCES! 

............. 
• C ••• "',,,, 

Conceived by the FK8 and Robert Woodrvff 
Written by Paul Magid 

La Petomane'l Act Written by Howard Jay Patterson 
Directed by Robert Woodruff 

June 10· July 12 
Half price sludent 11M ~dcets available at all 

performoncM' 10 full·~me students presen~ng valid 
student 10. RIM ~dceb go on scle one hour prior 10 
curtain and musf be purchased in pernln at Ihe box 

office, lim~: two rush ticl:ets per valid Wdent ID, 
• except June 14 evening and June 20 matinee, 

BEGINNING JUNE 30 
The Who's TOM' 

fOI __ IIfGlllAlIOII: 
(619)534-3960 

Tho 10 JoIIo PioyIIouIo ......w ....... FoMo • 
to.oOod on !he UCSO ")" ..... at !he cornt< of 

Lo JoIo Volovo 0..... and ~ P".. bid, 

ASWAD • LUCKY DUBE 
BARRINGTON LEVY • JOHN HOLT 

PAPA SAN • SKOOL 
AND 

TOMMY COHEN, M.C. 

FRIDAY JUNE 5 

-

-



H8 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian 

,ALBUM REViEWS 

L7 Puts Nirvana to Shame 

Virus 100, Various 
Artists 

Anyway you look at it , the Dead 
Kennedy's were one of the most 
influential underJround bands of 
the '80 . Jello Bilfm still touche 
the music world with his label, Al-
ternative Tentacles, and his spoken-
word lOurs. It is only filling Ihal 
musicians gather.and pay respect 
to Iheirpunk ~roc . and Ihe re ult is 
Virus 100. 

The collection of song isagreat-
e t hilS tribute to the OKs. The odd-
ity lie in which bands contributed. 
The most unique choice are Na-
palm Death's versiooof"Nazi Punks 
Fuck Off' and Disposable Heroes 
of Hiphoprisy' brilliant rap cover 
of "California Ober Alles." 

The variety of bands is great: L 7, 
Faith No More, Sleel Pole Bathtub. 
Sepultra, NOMEANSNO [l nd even 
Mojo Nixon. There is a little bit ~ r 
everyone. And the best pan is that 
there is not one faithful cover of the 
OKs. By far. Sister Double Happi-
nes~' rendi tion of " Holiday In am-
bodia" stmys them :.t from theorigi-
naltune. 

The only dud is Failh No More's 
"Let's Lynch the Landlord,"but L7 
saves the day by doing the same 
song later on the disc. "Virus I IS 
the ultimate alternative pany mix 
album . Put it on and let the aggrel>-
ion flow. 

-Joshua Odlntz 

BricksareHeavy,L7 
Female band are usually shon-

lived trend . Take the Go-Go'sand 
the Runaway . Sure, they were good, 
but after a few albums and . me 
touring, th:u was it. There i one all-
women band which is defying that 

theory: L7. 
LT major label debut , Bricks 

Are Heavy, is an amazing collec-
tion of harsh song, ranging from 
femini m to the obscenity of war. 
Its last recorded effon, Smell The 
Maf:ie, was definitely m re rdW, 
and the ingle "Shove" became an 
underground feminil>t anthem. 

Butch Vig f irvana fame pro-
du ed the album. which ultimately 
means that ' me of the live energy 
was I st. In i t ~ pia e. L 7 concen-
trated on it. mu!>ician. hip, and the 
result i~ one of the best record of 
the year. 

"Pretend We're Dead" is the first 
single. and it is the only poppy song. 
Behind the fa ade of a fairly fluffy 
melody lies lyrics which ripon oci-
e ty for being so apathetic . 
" Wargasm" i the answer to Fear' 
"Let's Havea War."Guitarist Donita 

L A J 0 L L A 

\t:.~ 1\ .... 
PROSPECT 
PARK INN· 

The ProsJWct Park Inn b a delightful 
mixture of Old World charm and 
modem a ities, located one block 
from the us La Jolla Cove and 
amidst m fine 
restaurant ,shops, 
and bout~ues. 

If you are looking for a job, 
then JOB BANK USA is the answer fo r you! 

When ou enroll in JOB BANK USA' nationwide 
employment data base, your re ume and employment 

credential can be accessed by hundreds of lead ing 
companie from around the country. 

A a graduating enior of SO, you can enroll in 
J B BANK U A for only 30.DO! 

For more infonnati n all JOB BANK U A at 
( 00) 296-1 USA. 

Donita Sparks. Jennifer Finch. Dee Plakas . and Suzi Gardner of L7 

Spark goe off on the erotici 01 of 
war in America, and the canoon 
enclosed in the packaging sums it 
all up: .... . masturbate, watch it on 
TV" 

The backbone of the band lies in 
its musical brilliance. Bassist Jen-
nifer Finch and drummer Dee Plakas 
combine for an extremely tight and 
rocki ng rhythm ection. Thea sault 

by g uitari s ts Spark and Suzi 
Gardner is stacked with talent and 
distonion. 

LTs four women are a power-
house of melodic grunge which 
makes Nirvana look and ound like 
a bunch of lazy and bored amateurs. 
Anyone who is pis ed should flip 
this on and scream along. 

-Joshua Odlntz 

Thursday, June 4, 1992 

MADRID 
ContInued from page H2 
lot more. 

If that were not enough, 
Madrileiio an hus taken off in 
recent years and i another rea-
son to visi t the city. Spain's iso-
lation most of thi. century has 
allowed it to develop its own 
unique modem ani tic flavor. 
European Travel and Life has 
called Madrid "one of the most 
invigorating and frenetic lanl 
capitals in Europe." . 

Abrandnewmu eumhasju t 
opened in the city known a 
Centro de Ane Reina Sofia, 
named after the present queen. 
The Spuni h government reno-
vated an 18th Century hospital 
by adding exterior glass eleva-
tors a well as all the other mod-
em museum accessorie uch as 
a hip restaurant and bookstore. 
Given Madrid's current cultural 
climate, the museum would be a 
great stop on any itinerary. 

On Security: 
The thom in the side of Spain, 

the ETA, a Basque terrorist/sepa-
ratist group has targeted the 
country 's super events this sum-
mer as candidates for violence. 
But don't fret. In April, the Span-
ish government, in conjunction 
with the French government, cap-
tured the three top leaders of the 
group. Their capture, coupled 
with the tight security measures 
already taken, have seriously di-
minished the ETA threat. 

What would have been? In 
addition to the other events, 
EuroOisney was to have been 
built near Barcelona, but ~isney 
decided to put the new park in a 
more central location - France. 
But that's another story alto-
gether. 

-MIguel Buckerneyer 


