
Record-Breaklng Burrito Fee Protestor 
Alleges Attack 
By watson 
• Graduate student ays he will file 
assault charges against vice chancellor 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

A UC Berkeley gmduate tudent has accused Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs Joseph Wat on 
of placing him in a chokehold and throwing him to the 
ground as the tudent attempted to force WatM>n 's 
office door open during a fee-increase protest Friday. 

Wat on admitted to physically removing the ·tu-
dent from the door. and ju tified hi action as prevent-
ing a "potentially dangerou situation." 

Daniel Finkthal. whoisat UCSDconducting nuclear 
phy ic research. said that as pan of the protest, 
tudents marched to the complex of administmtive 

offices, attempting to get Chancellor Richard Atkinson 
to make a verbal tatement. 

AIrrf ZloV GuwriWl 
Students and Dining Services staff put together this 1.116-pound burrito in the Muir 
Quad, shattering the previous, unofficial record of 800 pounds created in Newton, 
Kansas. The giant burrito was donated to the "Love's Gift" organization, which plans 
to distribute the food to the homeless. 

Finding that Atkin on was not available. the ap-
proximately 150 protestors walked to the office of 
other admini trators. including that of Watson, who 
has been a vice chancellor since 1981. eveml partici-
pants aid they awcampus policeofficersdo ingand 
locking office doors ahead of the march. 

See WATSON, Page 8 

Student Walkout Becomes Weeke d St dy-in 
• Protestors demand buses to Sacramento funded 

_ by chancellor, cancellation of fee increases 
By MeUnda HamIlton most of its time in the conference 
Senior Staff Writer room. and even slept there. accord-

A student fee-increase protest ing to sociology graduate student 
thatstaned asa teach-in Friday grew Angela Lintz. 
into a march and weekend occupa- As of press time, the administra-
tion of a conference room in the tion had made no move against the 
campus administrative complex. occupation, but Ely Rabani, a War-

This weekend, a core group of ren CoUege senior, said he could not 
about 20 student protestors spent predict how long the calm would 

Feminist Marchers Take 
On Night With Spray Paint 
ByD_Krauss 
Staff Writer 

Nearly 200 women, about halfof 
whom chose to go bare-chested, 
marched in a "Take Back the Night" 
rally across the UCSD campus for 
two hours Thursday night in hopes 
of raising students' consciousness 
about rape and violence against 
women. 

MoUy McKay, a member of the 
Women's Resource Center(WRC), 
said she thought the march was "a 
really powerful, campus-changing 

event - a really pow rful and em-
powering moment." 

"We wanted to show that women 
aren't just helpless victims," McKay 
said. "Women can play an active 
role." 

According to McKay, the women 
did not plan on baring their chests. 
She said that it staned spontane-
ously with one woman and gained 
momentum from there. 

"Women are tiredoffeeling vul-
nerable. Thi was an opportunity to 

See NIGHT, Page 11 

last. 
According to another tudent at 

th scene, police were keeping an 
eye on the building, but no one had 
approached any of the protestors. 

Rabani said Saturday that the 
students hoped to remain in the room 
through 5 p.m. tonight when they 
will hold a pre s conference, but 
acknowledged the po sibility of 
forced removal because events may 
be scheduled for the room today. 

As pan of a system-wide dem-
onstration of student solidarity. a 
walkout on education and teach-in 
about fee increase was planned for 
Friday at noon. 

Becau e of the rain. 'the event 
was moved from the Sun God lawn 
to the Triton Pub in the Student 
Center. 

Approximately 80 to 100 stu-
dents, some of them leaving classes, 

See PROTEST, Page 8 

Marchers walked around the campus in protest of violence toward women. 

Witnesses Unk Prince to Thefts 

SULMW~ 
CIeophus PrInce, Jr. 

By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Attorneys prosecuting accused 
"Clairemont Killer" Cleophus 
Prince, Jr. unveiled a parade of 16 
witnesses Friday in an attempt to 
link Prince to several shikingly simi-
tar robberies and sighting . 

Five of the witnesses were linked 
by the nature of their exercise habits 
- each was a member of the Fam-
ily Fitness Center located on 
Miramar Rd. Prince's girlfriend 
lived in nearby Mira Mesa during 

the time period the witnesses' testi-
mony covered. 

Patricia Van. one of the Family 
Fitness members, testified that 
shonty after returning home from 
her aerobics workout at the center 
on Dec. 19, 1990, she heard a knock 
on her door. When she opened the 
door, she discovered a man she de-
scribed as having "a friendly de-
meanor" and being a light-
complected black male, approxi-
mately 5-9 and weighing ISO 
pounds. Standing behind him was 

Van's neighbor, Erlene Schooler. 
Schooler te tified that on the 

same day he saw the same man 
walking toward Van' house from 
his car, which she described as an 
"older model gray car." She fol-
lowed the man to Van' s house. and 
both women asked him to leave. 

Schooler then said she quickly 
drove to where the man had parked 
hi car, wrote down the license plate. 
and noted that the car was a 
Chevrolet - one that fits the de-

See PRINCE, Page 7 



1 NEWS 

N SCIENCE --L EWS--.-
Anny GIves AMES PlO'Sllor $2 
Millon to Study Mala able MaterIals 

A $2 minion fcdcrll UnivctSily RelC) d1 laidalive 
gnuu from the Anny Research Office .. been awarded to 
scientists at the Cerllef ofExccUenc:e for AdvIDCed MMe-
rials III UCSD to expand their research 0Il1bc bebavior of 
maUeable maaeriaI5. 

Themultidisciplirwy research team.dirccIcd by AMES 
professor Sia Nemat.Nasser, will leSt convenbonal meIIk 
and new composileS for strength. ductility, toughness, heal 
resistance and other dynamic properties. TedmoJosical 
advances in everything from supercomputers to superoon-
ductors to supersonic tranSpOf1 hinge on the results of this 
type of experiment. 

"Without advances in rnarerWs. all innovllion caIIICS 
- all technological developments grind to a balt." said 
Nemat-Nasscr. 

The unclassified grant is a new initiative which foUows 
an existing five-year multimillion dollar Army pant 1hal 
allowed Nemat-Nasser and his associaleS to develop the 
equipment and computational and experimental tools 
needed to lest the properties of ductile and brittle ma&c:rials. 

Through publication and a constant exchange of infor-
mation between laboratories, the research team transmits 
its recipes for new age materials 10 military and commer-
cial seeton;. where ma&erials are customized for specifIC 
uses. 

"Our research i important to the Army," sajd Nernat-
Nasser. "But it is fundamental so it has a broad application" 
for industries as diven;c as communications, space explo-
ration and transportalion. 
Monaco's InstituteofOceMOgJaphy 
Awards 510 Geology Professor 

Wolfgang Berger, research oceanographer and profes-
sorat UCSD's Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO), 
received the Prince Albert Medal from Monaco' Institute 
of Oceanography during recent 'ceremonies in Paris. 

Berger, a professor at SIO ince 1971, was recognized 
for hi outstanding contributions to oceanographic sci-
ences. Asa professorat SIO' Geological Research Division, 

Calvin and Hobbes 

, 

I _~k :' - ~"'&",IL 

__ .. '" 0 
i ~\..-'· -') ' .'" 

- -_~ "."I~ -

RR.R\J~~M 
lEEr f£tp 

\ 

,,~ ~ ec:o. 

The UCSD GUMdian 

Baser' wort .. included ~ of pIInktoo ecoJ. 
01)', the carbon cyde and abe biliary of climlle IIId ocan 
productivity. 

Sedimenl cora from the 0.-. Java PIareau near the 
Solomon IIIIDds. .... yzcd by Beraer, "ve produced infor· 
maiion repnlins ct.Jgcs in climIIcandcarbon dioxide levels 
throughout histoI)'. 

The Institute o( Oceanography, established in 1911 by 
Prince Albert I of Monaco, is the oldest marine institute in 
Europe. Prince Alben was ICIfl«'Dd woridwide for his wort 
in occanograpby. 

NEWS 
~-:(·.'(\~t~~~ · .. ·r • 

calGnn:StudentAldFlnlaDwlndleIn 
SpIte ~ SoarInI Fee8 s,.temWIcIe 

Despite soerioa SlUdcIIt feel and me FEe d demInds (or 
financial usii&aDCe, cuts to me Cal Grant F....:iaI Aid 
prognmmay kcc:pa.rySlUdenlsfaom rec:eiviD&a vital SOUR:C 
of funds. 

In 1991-92, tbeCalifomiaSmdent Aid Commission, wbicb 
oversees Cal Grants. WIIi hit willa a $6.8 million budgec cut, 
resulting in an 11 pen:enl drop in oew Cal GnIIIl awants. 
According to a recent n:port aeJeued by the CSAC, that level 
of funding will continue into the 1992·93 budget. 

The budget docs notincluciemonianc:edcdtosubsidizc the 
proposed fee increases of the University of California or 
California State University sysIemS, nor does it keep up with 
rises in emlllmenI at thole inslitutions. 

''There is a diminisbin, pool offunds.an increasing student 
populatioa and a lack of money sources," sajd UC Student 
Association Legi lative AdvOClle Andy S"w. 

CSAC"s annual budget R:QuesI is bMscd on the state's 
ability to~ly with three major financial objectives laid out 
in the Ma$ter Funding Plan. The report states that the goals 
include "grant coverage of full mandatory fees for UC and 
CSU Cal Gnutt recipients, additional Cal Grant awards and 
increases in the maximum Cal Gnutt award for students 
attending indepcodent institutions." 

These provisions would R:Quire an additional $50.6 mil-
lion. 

In an attempt to mate necessary ~tions in the 1991-92 
budget, the commission raised Cal Grant Grade Point Average 

by Bill Watterson 

MON~t-I\ct. 
(lO~£5 M-lD lET'5 
G:l roR A STRClU. ~ 

1 ~ \N)[RSTN~ 
~ 'tOO 1""'4E 1l) 
~~C\.~ 
(If -ro ru-. C~. 
ITS ~1t.., 'v£1 .. 0. 

Monday, March 9, 1991 

etiJibilityatqUilanenll..diminarina 3,412oewpantawards 
but Ieavin& aenewed awants unaff'ccred. 

The CUI5 ~ SIUdenIIcaders. who feanld college 
edncalion could become even men of .. elite privilege. 

-Alllta ...... LaB lWIy *'-

GoIpeIChoIrtDPetton.aTomonowIn 
..........,fMhDayInBaIhoaPaik 

Ken Anderson. director ofUCSD's Goepe1 Qoir, will 
lead 350 voices sinpla contemporary and uaditional 
sonas tomorrow in abe Mandeville Audiklrium. 

Some of the gospel aonss the group will perfonn are, 
"Srand Still," "Steal Away," "Blessed Be Your Name," 
"We All Need Him." "Majesty," "Joy" and two medleys 
of praise songs. 

Thecomp1ete 900-voioe Gospel (h)irwill be perfonn-
ing thia&pring at the U.s. Marine Corps Recruit Depot and 
at Balboa Park (or Earth Day Caanonies on April 26. 

TICkets for tomorroW's show may be pu,rchased III the 
door end aR: $3 for students and $S for general admission. 
Students to DIscuss SteI80types 
Today In the PrIce Center Ballroom 

Students and faculty from man: than 50 Sao Diego high 
schools will aaend the Second Annual Student Leaden;hip 
ConferalCC to learn how to deal with and reduce prejudice 
in thei r environments today in the Price Center Ballroom. 

Student workshops will be held in various Price Center 
confereocc: rooms. From a choice of four wOlbhops, 
students may attend one in the morning and one in tile 
afternoon. 

Oneofthe workshops, addressing the topic "But Words 
Can Never Hun Me." is meant to stimulate awareness of 
racism and how pn:judice is promoced through family, 
peerand institutional influences. "To Know You is to Love 
You" focuses on better ways to understand how commu-
nication influences percepIion. 

"The Naked Truth" is an exploralionof gender's role in 
perc.ef'tions, decisions and actions. "The Anatomy of a 
Hale Crime: It Could Happen to You" promotes recogni-
tion of hate crimes and explores their impact on society. 

GfiAKIJIAN 
JASON SNBJ., EIIIrw In CIrItII 
PETm KO, Mow ... EtM.ot 
BEN BOVCHUK, 0pInbJ EtM.ot 
JAMES COWER, "..." &It« 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy EIMtIt 
lENNY GAlANG, ~ ...... HIatus &It« 
JOSEPH GARCIA, ",.,. &It« 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ,... EdItor 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, A.ac:1ate CcIpy &IItDr 
SUE MAPES, ~...,..... Photo &Mot 
MEl. MARCELO, QIPIb EdItor 
DAN MCDOWEL1., Photo EdItor 
PHIJP MICHAELS, AMIdafe 0pi1I0n EdItor 
KEN PERLMAN, Spare. EIMtIt 
CHRISTOPtER 1EQF&Ji, AuocIaCe Sport5 EtM.ot 
BRETT RHYNE, Spec tacit EtII« 
ANGELA ROVA, A-.c'" Specf8cIt &It« 
EIIC SCtIIIIIDT, A...,.,.,.. EIIIDr 
SHERYl. WOLCOTT, A_ t'IIte HIM &ItDt 
WI.EEN WONG, A-"_,.",,,. EIIIDr 
GREDG WRENN, A ... _ s,acs &JIor 
___ 8IyIn I*a. _ ..... Itan.LM._, JothOdintz. 
__ ."'_-'P .. IBishap_.""'Y~1 
__ DeIn _. SC..- DenIonI. ___ Oonanoe. lien 
EJP'I. DIn GebIer.l\irsten H--'. Dan Klaus •• Sunnno PIlon. Sunnno 
_ . TIKI _. JGhn RIce. K.a SaoI. De\IId ~. JGhn s-..y 
_RonCedir. R...,_. c:am1Aw • .....,,_McCom~.lJII 
-..,.. -.., ,.."""'. R,uI8 ....... KaIJ Roe. -.: ~ 
1'1 ........... _ 1\IyuInef. 5euI LeW\O. PIUI ~. ChJCk 1\IIU)'en. 
Jernfef Vonn. ,..,." ZIot ca,, __ IeC~ _~. __ .JuIie 5em ..... 

"'5prqor ___ H_ 
................. c, •• _ 

BOB DeHIDREA, 8utI"fI' ,.",.., 
MICHAEL FOlUS, ~ ....... 
MIKE MARTINEZ, ......,... Dr ... 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, a 'led _fl.atI.., 
___ He _~-.uu __ 
-----...,.._-__ IM.__. __ 

"" t.CSD ~ ................ TIuIIIIrIu." -,..1iJ rod Icrlllt 
_"UC!D........-" .. _~ ....... -,,-•• _-_ 
• ...,~CllJl2. ... _ ""1c:5O~ ... _ .. IIIt_" 
__ ... 1110 ___ " ............ _._"' .. 
...... __ .. _"lIItt.al)_ .. ~,,_ .... _ 
_1ar1aD_._ .. IIJ--..I ..... - ... " .. _PoqIIt. 
-.......: DMIIII, ........ __ 1MoaoMI, Fa: 134-7111 
VCSD GuardM, 9SOO GIlman DItYe 0316, 

La .lola, CA 92093-0316 
-_:_-.-..... -.. .,.. 

I . 

Monday, March 9, 1991 

Staff Writer 
On a typical day, UCSt) student 

walk. jog and ride along Old 
Miramar Road on their way to cam-
pus. As they near the baseball field 
and Scripps Memorial Ho pital 
heading west. many probably do 
not realize that they are pas! ing a 
radioactive waste site. 

"I had no idea that irwas there at 
all," Third College senior Michelle 
Reiss said on her way to school. 

"Do you mean the land over there 
mat looks like they hould have 
done something with ... but i ju t, 
like, some shacks out there?" she 
asked. 

The open area ju t west of Re-
gents Road and east of 1-5 houses 
the Materials Handling Facility, 
which collects all the hazardous 
wastes generated at UCSD -total-
ing over 250 tons last year alone. 
The facility is owned by the UC 
Board of Regent and is oper.lIed by 
UCSD's Department of Environ-
mental Health and Safety. 

"As long as UCSDhas been here, 
producing hazardous waste. it has 
needed a place to put it," said Envi-
ronmental Health and Safety tech-
nologist Oark Martin. "This par-
ticularfacility has been herefornine 
or 10 years." 

The Malerials Handling Facility 

'The UCSD Guardian 

serves mainly as a trucking stop 
where hazardous wastes are col-
lected and packaged for disposal at 
one of the two waste disposal sites 
in the we tem Slates. When pos-
sible, waste is tored on site in con-
tainers until it decays, losing its 
radioactivity. 

The hazardous waste, produced 
by such facilitie as the UCSD Medi-
cal Center, the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography and the Chemistry 
Department, is comprised of both 
radioactive and chemical materials. 

"Even if it does not meet the 
definition of radioactive material by 
California Federal Regulation 

See WASTE, Page 9 

NEWS 3 

Radioactive waste has been stored on campus for at least 10 years . 

China's Ambassador Speaks at SDSU 
• Address marked by YAP's protesting of 'atrocities' of communism THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 
By DIanne........... changesoccurringintheworld true-
Staff Writer ture in the 1990s. 

The People's Republic of He spoke of the breakdown of 
China's ambassador to the United the old world order, referring spe-
States, Zhu Qizhen,lecrured Thurs- cifica\ly to the changes in Germany, 
day evening to a San Diego State the former Soviet Union and Yugo-
Univen;ity political science class slavia 
and guests on China' s foreign policy The world, he said, is heading in 
and China-United States relations. a "more pluralistic direction," cn:-

Qizhen,a guesl of the Wliversily'S ating new levels of complexity. 
Institute on World Allain;, is the The ambassador also said that 
fin;t memberofthediplornatic corps the new world order should be based 
of China to speak to the institute in on "five principles for peaceful co-
the 50 years of the program's exist- ellistence." 

MeA T 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 

• The 11 I MeAT course in San Diego! 
· The ~ documented MeAT scores 
• ~ of proven success 
• The only course run by people in medicine, MeAT prep is 
our specialty and it's all we dol 

• Taught by top UCSD faculty and M.D.-PhD candidates 
who are experts in Intensive MeAT prep 

ence. 1bescprinciplesarebasedonthe Ambassador Zhu Qizhen • Taught on camPus at the Medical School 
• Lectures, workshops, small study groups and free tutoring Although the lecture itself went theory that all countries should re-

smoothly. students and members of spect each other's sovereignty and 
Young Americans for Freedom treat each other as equals. practice 
(Y AF) gathered outside the lecture non-aggression and non-interfer-
halho prolest the ambassador's visit ence in othen;' internal affain;, and 

The ambassador began his try to seek common ground while 
speech by addressing the profound putting aside differences, carrying 

out friendly cooperation and living 
inhannony. 

He also said that no country 
should seek hegemony or attempt to 
manipulateothercount.rie 'internal 
affairs by pursuing power politics. 

See CHINA, Page 10 

• Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW ENROLLING fOR SUMMER '92. 
~ CALL (619)456 4848 

DOl E N 
CARNATIONS 

IOlhing 
OW.Out 

ale with purchase of SJO or mort'. NOI vali<l with any (~~ offer. bp. 5/23/92. 

Flo\Ne~s 
& Gifts 

Costa Verde Center 
behind Soup Exchange 
8750 Genesee Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

below relail 
onall--'" 
Merchandise 

Women's anel men's clothing from 
famous elepartment stores, catalogues 

& retailers, such as-

5 
ciCIly • 
c.nly 
WH. March II 

thn 
_. March 15 

~ 

Tweeds, Generra, 
Victoria's Secret, 

Limited, B.U.M. 
Equipment, and 

many, many more 
NAME·BRANDS! 

8250 CAMINO SANTA FE (just down the rood) 
Go HIt .... La JoIa Village Drive, 4 lights past Hwy 80S, 

APPAIEL 
DESIGNEI 
ZONE 

left on Camino Santa Fe • 450-3323 
HOURS: w.cL-fri., 11 am-7 pm • Sat.·Sun. 11 am-S pm 

_Z~ 



OPINION 
40PINION 

EDITORTAlS 
Editorial Board 

JASON SNELL, EdilOr in Chief 
PETER KO. Managin, &IiIOr' 
MAR Y BETTY HEARD, News Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. OpInion EdilOl' 

TJo. UCSD Owmli_ .. poobIiollaJ IWICC ...... , .... UllivcnloJ ofCali( ...... s... Doqo. c.r.oc... 1992. 
v",w <>prrnod hon: .. _ ...... no¥>n<Y .... ol .... ...w '-'1.II1II ..... _.-,Iy _ oflhc 
UC _ollie .......... ASUCSD, _die _0 __ wit 

UCB REVISITED 

Another Futile Power Grab 
The Universiry Center Board and the administration have been 

butting heuds furiously in the lru.t few month over the i sue of 
empowerment. The UCB has tried on several occasion this year to 
assert what it believes to be its prerogative. only to be bl ked by the 
admini 'tration, which claims final authority. 

When lhe UCB tried 10 fire University Center Director Jim 
anuthers for insubordination during the co-op controversy, the 

admini tr.uion responded that it could not, despite the fact Ihat 
Canuthe~' :o.alury is drawn from tudent university enter fees . 
When the UCB tried to change the name of the Student Centerto the 
"Student Cvoperalil '/! enter, "the administration again intervened, 
btating bimply that the board did not have the authority. 

Last week. Ihe UCB vOied 10 change its charter in an attempt to 
give itself the authority that the administration claim it lack , As 
before, the charler still reads, "l1le UCB ... has maximum feasible 
operating and deci ion-making authority. as con~trained by sound 

busi~ prJCtices. over self-~ Mudent University Center fees." 
TIle new chaner eliminates language which defines the board as 

an "advibOry to the Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs," a 
point of contention which has been at the center of the recent 
controversie!.. Additional change include: complete discretion in 
the hiring and firing fthe university center director, direct election 
of the UCB Chair by the student body and theeliminationoftheA.S. 
and GrJduate tudent A sociation from UCB budget deci ions. 

The UCB isoneofthe most important student government bodies 
on campus. It commands a multi-million dollar budget and is 
charged with the ove~ight of ~tructures which playa vital role in the 
everyday lives of students. or that reason, it is comm ndable that 
the board has de ided to make it chainnan an elected position. The 
remainder of the charter change ',however. are absurdly unrealistic. 

'There is no question that the administration will never approve 
the changes. But neither will the A.S. or the GSA. who also hav to 
give their approval. TI1C A.S. and the GSA will never urrendertheir 
grip 11 the U B budget proces . To do 0 would relinquish one of 
the few real powers those organizations possess. 

This recent action simply confirms what has been previou Iy 
written ill this spa e. The UCB is hell·bent on destroying its political 
credibility. In its reckless quest for "empowerment," the board has 
burned all of its bridge!. and rendered itself impotent before the 
administmtion. the one body which has power to give. 

As long as the board tomps its feet and pounds its fi t ,it will 
never be '·empowered." Such tactics didn't work 20 years ago, and 
they won't work today. By making n n-negotiable demands and 
outmgeous decisions. the UCB has lost the only real power any 
student organization has: the power to persuade. 

VIOLENCE ON CAMPUS 

Violent Times Call For Added Safety 
LaM Tuesday. a Warren College student was raped in her 

apartment by the same assailant who had sexually attacked her on 
Jan. 8. At the same time. u hearing is underway to determine if 
C1eophus Prince should stand trial for26 felonie and six murders, 
of which one of the victims was a UC San Diego student. Up at UC 
Berkeley. a 20-year-Old junior was found st.abbed to death in an 
office in Eschleman Hall. She had been the last person to leave from 
a tudent organization meeting. 

A II of the e incidents merely underscore what a sick and danger-
0us world we li ve in, Rape, assaultand murder are notjuslcrimes that 
happen again t "other people" - anyone of u could be victimized 
by violent crime. 

Recently, college campuses, including UCSD, have made an 
effort to increase campus safety by adding securi ty and providi ng 
bener lighting for main walkways. However, these recent incidents 
of violence reaffirm tile fact that increased securi ty can never 
completely protect us. Students mu t take steps to in ure their own 
safety. Lock your doors when you're home alone, both at night alld 
during the day. If someone knocks at your door, look through the 
peep hole before you open the door. Avoid walking by yourself at 
night. but if you have to, walk in well-lighted areas and call a CSO 
escort, either from your apartment .or from the yellow call boxe 
around the campus. 

Wecanne erbecompletely afefromtheviolencearoundus,but 
with increased awareness and common ense, we can reduce the 
dangers that threaten everyone. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday,March 9, 1992 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

Wanted: A Unified Student Agenda 
• Extremism in the defense of student rights is a vice, as some 
participants in last Friday's teach-in and protest demonstrated 

ByMatkR~ 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

"Students united will never be defeated" 
goes the chant. Yet questions have been raised 
over the effectiveness of such determinism and 
strategy in defending the student interest.lfs 
likely that not all these students are taking the 
long hard look to see what will be necessary to 
prevent ourselves from being indeed divided 
and defeated. 

The Olessage which isn' t quite making it 
through all the rhetoric is that there really is a 
crisis in the University of Cali fomi a system, 
the California State University system, and in 
higher education in general. Larry Hershman, 
chief financial officer of the University of 
California, foresees all tate funding for the UC 
drying up by 2000. and several financial aid 
officers on UC campuses are already angry at 
President Gardner' promises to students and 
legi lators that financial aid will cover many 
fee increases which they in fact do not have the 

• funds to cover, 
As the costs of an in-state education at a UC 

rise to become comparable to those of an out-
of-stale public or private university, and as 
enrollment projections drop below those in 
Caljfornia's Master Plan for Higher Education, 
the entire state i gearing toward a mas exodus 
of bom knowledge and college-educated 
individuals, All of the Chancellor's graduate 
enrollment increases and faculty pay raises wiD 
not stem the loss of a college-educated 
populace in California 

In designing the student strategy, the 
imponant questions to be asked are, what are 
the goals of the students of the University of 
California. and what actions may aU students 
participate in which will truly bring a Wlitcd 
front to the Stale Legislature and the Regents to 
achieve these goals? 

Our events must be organized around 
answering these questions and toward fulfilling 
our specific goals, as set out by our representa-
tive organizations. 

On Friday, in bonor ofNational Education 
Day and lnternational Women's Week and in 
solidarity with similar events across the nation, 
students from diverse organizations put 
together what was intended to be a two-hour 

long teach-in to educate students about the 
current financial crisis in the university and the 
tale. 

Organizers hoped to explain the various 
strategies of our representatives, including the 
Associated Students of UCSD, the University 
of CaJifomia Student Association, and several 
of our legislative al lies, and discuss personal 
feelings on these issues. 

Professors and T As were encouraged to 
relocate classes to outside areas (in a symbolic 
gesture toward students being pushed out of 
classes), or reschedule them so that students 
could attend the teach·in and educate them-
selves .on the i ues surrounding the present 
crises. 

Similar activities occurred sirr.Jlraneously 
across the nat ion which were intended to bring 
attention to the country 's growing crisis in 
higher education, while showing that students 
remain dedicated to their studies - not the 
stereotypical image of students protesting 
simply for the sake of protesting. 

However, after only a fraction of the 
scheduled speakers had their turns at the 
microphone, one student interrupted with an 
unprepared speech blasting the reading of a 
statement from one state senator co-sponsoring 
UCSA's SB 1446 on our behalf, and blao;ting the 
whole idea of a teach-in. Her iII-jnformed 
remarks culminated with her saying that 
students shouldn't be "wasting our time in here" 
and inst~ that "we should man:h down to the 
Price Center." 

Amid the yells of a handful of other students, 
the meticulously-planned educational opportu-
nity which many students left classes to attend 
tumed inro the dira:tionless clan which 
wandeml the campus, rousing lecture halls and 
disturbing classrooms, before settling in the 
OJanceJlor's meeting room. 

TIle bypocrisy of chanting "students united" 
while students engage in yelling matches with 
their peers over who has the righ t to interrupt 
others' lectures i appalling. 

Similar emotions were felt recently when 
hundreds of students traveled to Sacramento to 
lobby their representalives on behalf of UC and 
CSU students, and instead a smal l subgroup 

See PROTEST, Page 5 

1/ 

Monday, March 9 , 1992 

PROTEST 
ContInued from .,.,. 4 
blocked the entrance to the Governor' 
office, chanting, fighting with police, 
and disrupting Capitol bu iness. There 
are ways in which students can po i-
tively unite behind a cause so dear as 
acces to higher education and strategi-
cally gather support. rather than sys-
tematically alienating thecampu popu-
lation. 

Firstwe mu (look at ourselves. Who 
makes up UCSD's and Califomia' tu-
dent body, and what goal could we 
establish which would both help those 
most underrepresented and those mo t 
unempowered, without alienating the 
interests of the many? 

We cannot galvanize support of the 
student body as we alienate students 
attending classes and studying in librar-
ie . We c3000l galvanize support of the 
nation when all CNN 's viewers see is a 
student doing a flying kick to the pants 
of a police officer in the halls of the 
Capitol. However. we can use ourener-
gies to enlighten or politely encourage 
others to become enlightened on the 
issues at hand. 

Many in the media are ympathetic 
to our position. But the media follow 
pectac\es which will look good on the 
II o'c1ock new . 

Our strategy rnust be to grab the 
media's attention, then re-focus their 
cnmeras on the is ues, like rhe impend-
ing privatization of the University of 
California. 

The proven strategy for students 
strikes a balance between agitation and 
conciliation. The agitation catches the 
attent ion, but it' s the conciliation which 
works the solution. It 's also the threat of 
further agitation which presses for a 
rapid solution. 

But, as we've seen in the strategies of 
the co-ops in previous years and with 
members of Direct Action for Educa-
tion thi s year, unm itigated l!nd 
untempered agitat ion becomes redun-
dant and fruitless. 

Similarly, when working with the 
press, it 's far better ' to show a truly 
unified student body rallying in support 
of a clear student agenda than to show a 
collection of students following the least 
unifying agendas of a few interests 
meandering aimlessly through the cam-
pus. 

Some today feel that it was student 
outcry which single-handedly brought 
down police actions in Southeast Asia 
Yet the 1960s' radicalism is over, and 
must be replaced by a more inclusive 
strategyofre-anpowennent,ifitsmem-
bers are to pose any threat to the conser-
vative leaders of our state and univer-
sity. 

So far in the 19905, members of the 
younger generations are the ones being 
attacked, whether it's from the political 
left. the political right, or from within 
ourown ranks. Our strategy for fighting 
for the right to affordable higher educa-
tion must not be a tfirowback to the 
protests of the Vietnam war era, but 
must instead be a unifying agenda to 
include all students. 

Students must continue efforts to 
educate themselves, the University ad-
ministration, the media, and ourelected 
officials in Sacramento. The rallies, the 
voterregistration drives. the discussions, 
the lobbying, ... the cooperalion with 
state and local organizations all em-
powerstudents in the eyes of the powers 
that be. 

Yet while we continue these efforts, 
a priority should be established not to 
allow our work to be compromised by 
the fracturing of our voice or the alien-
ation of our peers. 

~ RoIenberg Is the A.a. Senior 
s..-r tram w....,. CoIIgI 

T he UCSD G uard ian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Laughing at Racism - Avoiding the Blame 
• Lamlxla Phi Epsilon 'founding fathers t betray their culture by laughing at racist flyer 

By~TaahIro 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Should there be an Asian-American 
fraremity at UCSD? I don't think so. But 
if one must exist, then what are its goals as 
a culturally-oriented fraternity and how 
will they Ilelp the Asian-American com-
munity? I'm still left in the dark about this 
question. And, believe me, I have tried 
many times to gel an intelligent answer. 
"Brotherhood within our fraternity ," is the 
tandard respon e, but it is not a ufficient 

one. 

One can find "brotherhood" in any 
mainstream Greek fraternity. By separat-
ing a fraternity - exclu ive to begin with 
- from the mainstream by ethnici ty, how 
can the A ian-AmericanminorityatUCSD 
and in the San Diego community unite for 
social and political empowerment? Not 
only does an A ian fratemity alienate it-
self from the mainstream (where Asian-
American influence is much needed), but 
it also alienates itself from the truggle of 
minorities ao; a whole. 

I am convinced that the A ian-Ameri-
can community i not headed in the right 
direction. My encounter with a racially 
insulting flyer reinforced this belief. 

" Be a pan of our Iinle servants pro-
gram." This is what was wrinen on a flyer 
I stumbled upon one weekend at a party. A 
computerized picture of a Klansman was 
drawn in the foreground. The slogan read, 
"Kappa, Kappa, Kappa," adven ising an 
exclusively Caucasian fra ternity on cam-
pus. I saw this taped to the wall of an 
Asian-American "founding father's"apaI1-
ment. 

Well, this turned out to be a hoax 

mocking the newly formed Asian frater-
nity at UC San Diego, Lambda Phi Epsi-
lon. Maybe the idea behind this is not so 
make-believe, and it started to get me 
angry. Don't get me wrong. Thi person, 
who did not happen to be affiliated with 
the fraternity, had every right to express 
hi racist free peech. But the fact that 
leaders within the fraternity found it to be 
humorous and the fact that some dis-
mi sed it a "not a big deal" got me think-
ing. 

By separating a fraternity -
exclusive to begin with - from 

the mainstream by ethnicity, 
how can the Asian-American 
minority at UCSD and in the 

San Diego community unite for 
social and political 
empowerment? 

Three Asian-American leuders told me 
not to write thi article. They said that my 
opinion would offend the person who. 
through thi flyer, racially attacked and 
offended me. This commentary is not to 
counter the racial insen itivity ofthis flyer 
but to condemn the Lambda "founding 
fathers" who supported thi racist flyer. 
Let me remind you that the racially "hu-
morous" material was directed against 
these very leaders and their fra ternity. 

An officer of the fra ternity, to my sur-
prise, found the flyer to be humorous. He 
claimed that it wao; for pure humor and was 
not meant to be taken seriously. How 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

could one find a piclure of a Klansman 
funny? How could one funher promote a 
upremacist group which. at this very mo-

ment, is burning crosses and hatjng people 
for the color of their skin? 

Another"founding father" justified the 
flyer by saying it was meant to be kept in a 
small circle offriends and was nOl meant to 
offend anyone. The fact is that it did hurt 
people. I'm sure that members of the Ku 
Klux Klanandtheir"small circleoffriends" 
do nOt find it offensive to lynch a black 
man. So whm is the difference'! One is just 
more obviou~ than the other. 

These " founding fathers" are way off 
base when they attempt to ju~tify the Oyer 
by claiming that it wao; meant to be humor-
ous. When they laugh. they excuse this 
racist act. And when others passively ig-
nore it, they excuse it as well. They simply 
don 't know how to deal with it. TIley don 't 
have the ball to defend their ethnic pride, 
to defend their heritage and, most impor-
tantly. to demand respect. I am angry and 
010 t of all. ashamed of these people who 
are supposed to be responsible for posi-
tively representing an influential cul tuml 
organization, ao; well as the Asian-Ameri-
can community on campu . To claim that 
the creator of this flyer is "a nice guy ,"to 
say "he didn' t mean any harm," to say "it 
was meant to be kept in a mall circle 
friends" is to be a coward. 

To laugh at a pictureofa Klansman isto 
laugh at the racism. the unjust killings, the 
discrimination that our previous genel"J-
tions were forced to deal with in defending 
their Asian-American identities. These 
Lambda Phi Epsilon leaders are betraying 

See FRATERNITY, Page 6 

UCB is Concerned With Students, Not 'Sloppy Politics' 
Editor: 

The Guardian editorial entitled "The 
Consequence of Sloppy Politics" (Feb. 20) 
is an exercise in doublespeak, significant 
ornissions and "sloppy journalism." 

You fail to define "sloppy politics" while 
ridiculing the UCB at every tum. You con-
cede that the UCB should promote student 
concerns, support the co-ops, control stu-
dent (self-assessed) fees and run the univer-
sity center but not at the risk of alienating 
"the administration" (1 assume you refer to stranglefloldon most every aspect of student 
Joe Watson , Tom Tucker and Jim life." Istrongly disagree with this "truth," as 
Canuthers), but you fail to provide any I suspect would many other students who 
documentation or cite relevant policies and control many aspects oftheir own life. For 
procedures, which suggest that the UCB a supposedly student-run newspaper to refer 
should not have taken the actions it has taken to a student-rights agenda as "rabid" and 
to achieve these goals. recommend conciliarion suggests that the 

Do you tacitly accept "laughing it off' as "stranglehold" is strong in the Guardian 
a responsible answer to the legitimacy of editorial board. 
Tom Tucker's power to say that the UCB The UCB actions demonstrate a desire to 
should not control student fee funded facili- change the unfortunate situation of inappro-
ties? There is no documentation or related priate admini stration control. The 
statements which suggest that student self- Guardian's cynical acceptance of this con-
assessed fees are a gift to the regents. If they trol is evident both in the editorial opinion 
were, Assembly Bill 1884 would have been and the news coverage of the Student Coop-
thrown out long ago. erative Center resolution. The resolution is 

The scene of cops and administrators an attempt to reassert one aspect of the 1989 
breaking and entering into the General Store Student Cooperative Center Referentlum 
ctHlp, violating lease agreements (i.e., fail- (i.e. changing the name of the building to the 
ure to provide 24-hour notice) is a clear Student Cooperative Center) whjch was 
example. Your understanding of power re- passed by an overwhelming majority (1 ,967 
lationships is naive III best, dangerous and to 451). The administration ignored it; the 
hostile to students at worst. By suggesting UCB reasserted it. The Guardian's histori-
that we should notchallenge gross injustices cal analysis completely avoided these facts. 
on the pan of the administration and assume When the Guardian ran the story cover-
the role of a rubber stamp is short-sighted ing the resolution, the headline read "UCB 
and capitullllory. Tries to Rename Student Center," A more 

The editorial asserts that "the unfortu- objective statement could have been "UCB 
naIe /Nth is that the administralion has a Renames Student Center," "ues \'Ott's to 

Rename Student Center," "UCB Renames 
Student Center, Administration Disagrees," 
or "UCB Reaffirms Student Center Referen-
dum Name Change." 

The Guardia" headline says by implica-
tion, "UCB/ails to Rename Student Center." 
You assume that ultimate authority rests with 
the administration and ignores the most vis-
ible contradiction concerning these facilities 
- who owns and runs them, students or 
administrators? We financed them. We own 
them. We should run them! 

"Sloppy politics" is Guardian newspeak 
for disagreements and challenges to author-
ity, or any attempt by students to build a base 
for student power which ultimately means 
taking an oppositional stance to the univer-
sity power structure when necessary. Re-
member, the university is the students, fac-
Ulty and staff, not administrators. 

A few more points are in order to clarify 
other inaccuracies: Molly McKay does not 
lead the board, nor does she have a vote. 
However, Molly is quite a competent chair-
person for the UCB. I think all the board 
members are capable of expressing and as-
serting their own opinions when necessary. 

Chris Burnett 
Co-op Representative, UCB 

TIll! UCSD Guardian welcomes your leiters and commcn· 
laries. Drop you r leller 81 lhe Gllardiall offices (00 lhe 
~ond noororlhe Sludenl Co-op eemer. above lhe GellCml 
Slore) or mail illo: 

Opinion Editor 
G.tUdUI" 

9581 Gil .... n Dr. OJI6 
La Jolla, CA 9Z."Z-G3t6 
Leller~ should be lypcd. double·spaced and nil"" ",c/lIlk u 
name and • phone number, Unsisnctl ICliC" wilillOl be 
primed. Lellcr wrilen; will be c0I11IICIc<i 10 verify lhelr 
idcmilics. We re:.c"'c lhe nghllo ellil for icnglh and clamy, 



6 OPINION The UCSD GaarcUan Monday, March 9, 1992 

FRATERNITY LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
ContInued fram ..... I 
the very goals of their cuhural fra-
temity - 10 promoceAsian-Ameri-
can awareness and sensitivity on 
campus. 

future of the fraternity and for the 
Asian-Amcricanconununity? I hope 
it is not one built on hypocrisy, 
cowardice and worst of all, i~ 
1'IInOC. Aside from this one incident. 
how many more will anger me just 
as powerfully as this one? I hope not 
many. BUllhal'sbeing idealistic. Of 
course we havescen from the Sigma 
Alpha Epsilon fraternity flyer inci-
dena. which displayed the degrada-
tion of women. that people do not 
always learn from their misl8kes. 

UCB's Actions Are Credible and Responsible 
Now I'm beginning 10 doubt the 

goals and interests of the fraaemity 
as a whole. Do these officers reflect 
the overall attitude of their fellow 
brorhers and pledges? As leaders of 
the group, I think rhey do. 

These "founding falbers" are ig-
noring their responsibility as public 
leaders and as Asian-Americans to 
promore cultural sensitivity. TIley 
are borh insensitive and hypocriti-
cal. They are afraid to peak out 
against theirperscculOrs. Obviously 
rile only way they know how to react 
is to laugh, to pu h it weakly aside 
and to tupidly dismiss it as humor-
ous. To me, that' the easy way out. 

By laughing at a racist Oyer, they 
end up promoting its downright ra-
cial insults. What kind of role mod-
el do these "founding falbers" rep-
resenlto their pledge ? What type of 
foundation do they build for rhe 

For the sake of the UCSD com-
munity, I hope rhal the Asian frater-
nity will learn to be more respon-
sible io how it represents the Asian-
American community since it does 
hold a significant degree of power 
and leadership. 

I send one message out to my 
A ian-American "brother ." In-
crease "brotherhood" among your 
A ian-American community rarher 
than within an elite cin:le. Extend 
your hand and open your minds to 
your fellow minoritie . It i only 
then that we can bener the commu-
nity and sueng!hen the ties of "broth-
elflood" among all peoples. 

The Guardian 
Read it. 

Pass it on 
to your 
friends. 

Editor: 
Onoeapin we have Randy been 

subjcaallOlrXlChersrupidandpoody 
written "opinion" in the Guardian. I 
.. to the a ilicism Ievded against 
Ihe UCB and Molly McKay fur re-
IWIIing the old Studm Cemer. This 
appealS to have been a symbolic goes-

~ on the part of the board to show 
support fur Ihe CIO-Clp • being pan 
and parcel of the vecy purpose of 
having a student 0CI1fIcf. 

The Guardian thanked the UCB 
by saying such an -=tion served 
only IOdesIroy any remaining "cred-
ibility" the UCB had with the cam-
pus administration. 1ben,they threw 
in the idea of having the UCB chair-
person elected and not appointed. 

It is rather the campus adminis-
tration that lacks credibility. Every 
year, new tudents become part of 
the A.S. council and join with an 
innale sense of fair play that they 
probably learned from their par-
ents; they were taught to respect 
people in positions of authority. 

It usually takes throe or four years 
for these new members to change 
their minds about what they were 
taught after experiencing first-hand 
the dishonest and self-serving na-
ture of rhe campus administration. 
Reluctantly, wanting to hold on to 
their high ideas, these students re-
sist, then come around to actively 
opposetheadministration'sactions. 

In the recent case of the co-op 
controversy, the blatantly unfair ac-
tions of the administration served to 
shock students prematurely and 

mobilize the A.S. COUIICil, the GSA 
and the UCB ..... the adminis-
trmon .. for the co-ops. As stu-
den&s we finaI.Iy had • so\id wall ~ 
support. Then the GIItII'dian., evi-
dcndy widJ nochin& die ID fill in 
space in theireditorial column, indi-
caIed thai the UCB is. faull foroor 
acting in a credible way! 

Things have not changed much 
with the UC administration as a 
whole. The only thing rhal changes 
year to year is the attitude of stu-
dents: these well-meaning students 
who cannot believe that the admin-
istration could possibly be so dis-
honest and corrupt, eventually learn 
the contrary - that they are. Then 
these tudents are seniors and are 
about to graduate befote they have a 
chance to change the system. 

Every once in a while you get a 
MoUy McKay who devotes count-
less hours of her time defending 
student rights, only to be chastised 
by a dumb editorial. 

Please Mr. Snell, et. aI, conlinue 10 
vainly sean:h inside yourselves for 
some real conICnt for your empty fo-
oms, but doo't fool yourselves into 
thinking thai you can rigl-'y use the 
word "cmlibility" in the same sen-
tence as "campus administration. .. 

Bard-Alan FinIan 

Hey, They're Naked! 
Editor: 

I would like to express my per-
spective on the "Take Back The 
Night" march (Mar. 5). I respect 

people who are willing to fight for 
theircause. BUll think rhal women 
going topless and naked distracted 
from the purpose of the march. 

As a clothing and costume de-
signer, l have found rhal if there's 
one featureof a woman 'sbody which 
distracts the eye, it's the breast. I 
don't make any claims about the 
reasons behind this, but the eyes 9f 
men and women are drawn to look 
at the breast if it i prominently 
displayed. 

This phenomenon has an unde-
sirable ide effect: if you display too 
much of what's politcly calledT&A, 
the audience pays less anent ion to 
the show and more anent ion to the 
naked flesh. 

I don't know how all people re-
acted when the marchers came by, 
but I do know that where I was. 
nobody was saying, "Hey, look! 
There's a march going on !" Instead. 
it was "Hey, look! lbere's naked 
people out there!" A few jokes were 
cracked, and people who were sym-
parhetic tothe marchers' cause were 
right there gawking with the rest of 
them. 

I feel that no maner what the 
nudity meant or was symbolic of, 
the message failed to get through on 
even rhe lowest level because the 
vehicle was too distracting. In the 
future, if you're going to con\ICY a 
message through dress, it is in your 
best interest to do it in a way that 
gets it across with maximum effi-
cacy. 

Sarah Brilliant 

WEDNESDAYS fro. 6 10 10 PM are 
Ronkin's New 

LSAT Premium Program: 
The Best Way To Prepare For The LSAT 

If you're one of the nation's 9.5,000 ap-
plicants determined to get inro an accred-
ited law school, you know rhe competition 
is tough. Since there are 
only 44,000 openings. a 
high score on the LSAT is 
crucial. 

That's why Ronkin cre-
ated the LSAT Premium 
Program which offers a 
choice of three varied 
levels of assistance. 
• LSA T Preparation 
Course 

Using the most recently up-
dated cuniculum, our 40-

hour co~stressescritical 
thinking, argument analy-
sis and logical reasoning. Besides class-
room time, our comprehensive LSAT 
course provides Live tutorials, three diag-
nostic exams, three practice exams. a com-
puter-based tutorial program, homewm 
materials that include released LSATs, and 
a loll-free DiaI-A-Teacher line, Two-day 
clinics, which are included in Ronkin's 
LSA T Gold and Platinum Packages, are 
also available for an additional fee. 

• LSAT Gold Package 
In addition 10 the 4O-hour LSAT course, 

Ronkin's LSAT Gold Package includes 
our two-day LSAT Inten-
sive-Study Clinics offered 
immediately prior 10 LSAT 
examination dales. These 
clinics concentrate on logi-
cal Reasoning and Logic 
Games. The Gold Package 
also includes our Law 
School Success Program 
which covers law school 
exam preparation, legal 
writing, legal research, and 
career planning. 
• LSAT Platinum 
Package 

This plan provides everything you'll need 
to get inlO law school and 10 be a success. 
Enroll and you'D l'tICeive our LSAT Pre-
paration Course, LSAT Intensive-Study 
Clinics. Law School Success Program, 
plus our Law School Selectioo and Appli-
cation Assistance Programs. 

So if you're looting for the best in LSAT 
and law school preparation programs, call 
The Ronkin Educational Group. 

San Diego 
587-8600 We'll Make Sure You Make It! LSAToGMA ToGRE·MCAT 

UeSD NIGHT al 
MILLER 
SFEClAL 
Buckel (S total) 

o{beeI' $4.99 

COME CELEBRATE 
S'f FAtlllCK'S DAY 

• P\~ SPEC\AlS 
GREEN SEER 
fREE pOS1ERS 

LARGE PlZIU 
$5.99 
(with >ludcnl ID. ROO per toppin;) 

f' 
H 

I~X~O( \lnll I (Ill \lln 1{()\Il·I'III1\1 ~XI-'''ll 

Monday, March 9, 1992 

PRINCE 
COf1tJnutd fram .... 1 
scription of Prince 's car at the time. 
a gray Chevrolet Cavalier. 

Van also lestified that on Jan. 23, 
1990. she returned home from her 
regular aerobics class at Family Fit-
ness to discover her l{J(chen win-
dow and patio doors bro en and all 
her sliding glass doors open. Her 
butcher knife, which she said was 
always left in a dIJwer. was sitting 
out on the kitchen counter. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Another Family Fimess mem-
ber, Lynn Shuderak, testified that 
on Jan. 8, 1991, shonly afterretum-
ing from her midday workout, her 
doorbell rang and the dogs next 
door began to baric She discovered 
that a man was standing at her front 
door, jiggling the doorknob. 

In thecourtroom, Shuderak posi-
tively identified Prince as the man 
whom she had seen at her door. 
However, defenseco-counsel Loren 
Mandel noted that Shuderak had not 
picked Prince out of a video line-up 
shown to her by police. Shuderak' s 
only response was that he "thought 
[the video line-up] was a trick." 

Leo Robinson corroborated the testimony of UCSD student Charla Lewis 
(above), that Prince discovered Robinson In Lewis's bedroom and 
confronted him with a knife. 

Shuderaksaid that a few minutes 
later, the man left her entry way and 
veered to the left, toward the home 
of Melinda Pinkerton, another of 
the witnesses called Friday. 

Pinkerton testified that on Jan. 8, 
1991, she arrived home in mid-af-
ternoon to discover that her jewelry 
and silver were missing and that 
someone had lifted borh rile seat and 
lid of her daughter's toilet and uri-
nated. In addition, her butcher knife 
had been set out on her kitchen 
counter. 

Pawnbroker Jerry Barrad, owner 
of Royal Loan Company, testified 
that on the sameday of the Pinkerton 
robbery, a man claiming to be 
Prince's friend Rodney Higgs 
pawned several items of jewelry at 
his shop. Barrad positively identi-
fied Pinkerton's riog as the one the 
man had pawned - and positively 
identified Prince as the man who 
was posing as Higgs. 

Karyl Oldenburg, a Mira Mesa 
resident who also worked out at the 
Miramar Rd. Family Fitness Center 
testified that on Jan. 22,1991 , while 
sitting at home, she heard her front 
doorknob being jiggled. Through 
rile door's peephole she saw a black 
man, who appeared in her backyard 
a few moments later. She said rhal 
she saw him outofher back window 
and looked at him for a second be-
fore he ran off. 

Oldenburg, who came forward 
as a witness after recognizing 
Prince's picture in a newspaperstory 
about his arraignmena. positively 
identified Prince in court as the man 
who had been in her backyard that 
day. 

Family Fimess Center member 
Angela Yates, 20, testified that on 
Jan. 24, 1991, she was followed 

• FiU-ins 
• Sculptured Nails • Unen & Sil 
• TipS & Acrylic • Pedicure· Gel 

• Hot Oil Manicure 
• French Manicure 
• Regular Manicure 

Calf __ 224-2818 
cSpaN. ~:;JrH 

.:wJ~ 
OrIlM21', &.n,])~ (D 

home from the center by a black 
man driving an "older, light blue-
gray car." Yates said that after she 
returned horne, he told her mother 
that someone had followed her 
home, and then went up lairs. 

Renate Yates. Angela Yates' 
mother, testified thatafterherdaugh-
ter went upstairs, she saw a shadow 
on her living room drapes, one that 
moved theeotire lengrhofherhouse. 
When she went into the kitchen, she 
said that she could see a black man, 
approximately 5-8 or 5-9, standing 
in her backyard. After locking eyes 
with the man for about three sec-
onds, Yales said she shouted for her 
daughter 10 "call the police and get 
the gun. " 

In the courtroom, Renate Yates 
positively identified Prince as rile 
man she saw in her backyard that 
day. 

The fifth Family Fitness mem-
berwasflightattendantJudy Kinney, 
whodiscoveredonFeb.3, 1991 that 
her Nobel Dr. apartment had been 
ransacked and borh an emerald ring 
and a gold chain had been taken. 
Kinney identified a ring and a chain 
traced to Prince by police as being 
hers. 

In addition to the Family Fit-
ness-related witnesses, several other 
burglary victims also testified on 
Friday. Louis DePamphilis, a resi-
dent of Nobel Dr., identified a ring 
linked to Prince by police as being 
his. 

He also said that on rhe day the 
ring was stolen he saw "a silver-
blue car, beat up, loud," and driven 
by a black man. leaving his apart-
ment complex. 

Michael Gromme, who lived 
upstairs from Prince in the Top of 
the Hill apartments in East San Di-
ego, testified that on Oct. 15, 1991 , 
hediscovered that all of the Jiquorin 
his liquor cabinet was missing, as 
well as the beer in his refrigerator. 

kitchen knife. Gher.m:li positively 
identified a camcorder recovered 
from Prince's former roommate, 
Keith NeIder, as being the one sto-
len from Gherardi 's apartment. 

Leo Robinson, a man who had 
gone on everal dates with Prince's 
girlfriend, UCSD tudent Charla 
Lewis, corroborated Lewis's testi-
mony that Prince discovered 
Robinson in Lewis's bedroom and 
confronted him with a knife. He 
said that he calJed police after the 
incident, and that borh men were 
asked to leave Lewis's home. 

Thursday's hearing was high-
lighted by testimony from Moheshea 
Beasley, a former roommate of 
Prince's at the Top of the HiU apan-
mentcomplex. Beasley testified that 
he and Prince had broken into houses 
andapartments by using credit cards. 

But defense attorneys attacked 
Beasley in the same way rhey at-
tacked Neider the day before - by 
noting that borh men are convicted 
criminals whose testimony cannot 
be trusted. In fact, one defense anor-
ney suggested that Beasley more 
closely resembles the composite 
sketch of the "C1airemont Killer" 
cin:uIated by police than Prince does. 

In addition to Beasley's testi-
mony, rhe court also heard a former 
co-worker of Prince's testify that 
Prince "constantly" discussed 
women, and on one occasion in the 
fall of 1990, boasted about having 
sex with a mother and her daughter. 

The man said that Prince made 
the remark within days of the double-
murder of Mesa College student 
Amber Clark, 18, and her mother 
Pamela, 42, on Sept. 13, 1990. 

In addition to being accused of 
six murders, including that ofUCSD 
student Janene Marie Weinhold, 
Prince is charged with 13 residen-
tial burglaries, six attempted bur-
glaries and seven other felony 
counts. 

Bruno Ghernrdi of Encinitas tes-
tifiedthatonNov.18,199I.aSony 
HandiCam camcorder was stolen 
from his house, along with a long 

The preliminary hearing, which 
wiD determine if there is enough 
evidence for Prince to stand trial, is 
expected to conclude next Friday. 

lean Flions 
Bags 4 

*17'5:, Leu 
'MiOIESAIE Hi~-end 

PRICES fubls at 
~AC1U!ER low, low 
, ", ~DIfCT prices ~, ..... ..-

.... 
r.. ..... 
....... 
8Z66 MIriImII Rd. 

'111-'745 

NEWS 7 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• lnsurance Plans Welcome 

• ... uh L!CSD ro 

RBRI~HARD E.BI\RSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate, Amencan Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459-5565 
470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

DO YOU HAYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 

diagnostic . plus earn up 
to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LABORATORIES 

226-1733 

ARENTION 
, 

STUDENTS 
Complete Automotive Repairs 

"'II'~ JOHN'S 
UnlWL1cARI 
SERVICE 

located at 

8040 Miramar Rd. 
695-0700 

Open All Day Saturday 

Free ride home or to school 
within 10 miles 

Japanese 
European 

& Domestic 

SMOG 
8181S 

+ $SOO certificate 

Visa 
Mastercard 

Oiscover 
Amertcan Express 



8 NEWS 

Artists tbat U ten 
Before your next bair appointment tbink 
about these questions ... 
Q 

Q 
Q 

Il 'h((1 L~)W lr h(/ird(}ill~ 
Ih(ll IX)/I 1/'(/111 illo 
UJIII III Ill' dol III{' 

II'hlllIS,I'(J/Ir IJ{/ i,.doill~ 
Illm IV/I dllll'l lI 'lI/ll 
il I" Ix: dOll/g' 

InJ/tlr! IWI It",€, sOll/e-
Ihill~ lieu' (lilt! dfJll'relll' 

Look your best ever. 
We have 

''Artists tbatlisten. /I 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
$4.00 OFF $5.00 OFF 

[Reg. $21.00) (Reg. $26,00) 
HAIR 

SKIN 
NAILS 

~IIU~WING (~O. 
UeSD 
NIGHt 
Wednesday 

Nights 

$1 
PILSNIRS 

\O'~ O \»~~6c!1' 't~fJ/""" 
'-----... "The best fish and sandwich place in La Jolla' 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster B8I 
• 211w student ID 

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

({;I 1») 27;)·11:12 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p,m. 
Saturdays 8 a,m.-5 p ,m. 

e 
I8ndaII 
__ 0& 

We ..... rec: ! •• 
11._11 I._II 

..... e..a.-ePl 

--------------------00;00 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except motor and tran D\J Ion o~erh8u1. Not valid 'Nlth any other coupon 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 9, 1992 

WATSON 
CcIIIIInuM "-.... 1 

lice offICeI' on the ocher side of the 
door "just stood there. He was 
stunned. .. 

keep the door of education open?' " 
Finkthal said. According to u ·vin. 
Warson responded by saying t::Al he 
was trying to stop the student from 
gcoing into the office. 

When Finltthal and approxi-
marely fiveochcrprotestors reached 
Watson's office, Finkthal said 
WIlSOn SICppCd outside, while a 
police offICer tried to close the door 
from the inside. By then. he said. the 
pro«eSt had gonen loud and angry. 

FmIcIhaI and other SlUdents who 
saw the incident said rhat they then 
tried to talk to WIllSOn about in- Watson said he was a1anned 

when Finkthal began inciting ~ 
testors to occupy his office. 

.. ( tried 10 hold on to [the door] -
my fOOl was in il. and • was yelling 
for other people to come by and 
come in. .. Finlcthal said. 

"Warson turned around and he 
jwnped on top of me. The next thing 
• knew he grabbed me in a headlock 
and threw me on the ground, .. he 
said. 

" 

"I felt that my staff was being put 
in danger, as well as the police and 
the students. To me it was a very 
frightening situation where many 
poopIe could have gotten hurt," he 
said. 

FIIlkthaI said thai Warson ap-
peared angry and uneasy as he pulled 
Fmkthal away from the door. "He 
gave me nervous looks. He was 

I tried to remove him ... 

". asked the young man to let go 
of the door a couple oftimes, but he 
didn't," Watson said. "Ilried to re-
move him ... and he kept chanting 
about fees. He continued to find 
other ways of breaking in. I believe 
he tried to pull the sliding glass door 
[next to the office door) open," 

haJcjng when he assaulted me," he 
said, 

He said that he plans on taking 
legal action, prcssing assault charges 
against Watson, "If he broke the 
law, he's going to have to suffer the 
consequences," Finkthal said. 

As of ye terday, UCSD police 
said no formal charges had been 
filed. 

and he kept chanting 
about fees. He continued 

to find other ways to 
break in. I believe he 

tried to pull the sliding 
glass door [next to the 

office door] open. 

Watson said yesterday he had no 
knowledge of any legal charges 
against him, and that he had not 
talked to the police, Atkinson or any 
otheradministratorabout the alleged 
assault 

He also said he did not recall 
Finkthal asking him anything about 
the physical incident. 

Angela Lintz, a sociology gradu-
ate student, and Third College se-
nior lenni fer Levin said they wit-
nessed the incident. Both said that 
Watson initialed the physical alter-
cation. 

" JOSEPH WATSON 
FinkthaicailedWatson'sactions 

"inappropriate," and typical of the 
administration ' sallitude toward stu-
dents. 

Vice Chancellor of 
Undergraduate Affairs 

"It's indicative of their distrust 
of students' rights, 'That' what [ad-
ministrators) are all about. They feel 
that they're God's gift to us," he 
said. 

creasing fees and asked Watson why 
he grabbed the student. 

According to Finkthal, the po-
"I said, 'How can you ju tify 

assaulting someone who wants to 

PROTEST 
ContInued from pace 1 
showed up to hear speakers, including Associate 
ProfessorofLiteratUJ'e Stephanie Jed and a represen-
tati ve from the Office of Califom ia State Assembly-
man Mike Gotch. 

After about twenty minutes of speeches, Lintz, 
who was among the students attending the teach-in, 
poke up and encouraged studeRls to mobilize more 

visibly. 
uThi is where it SIanS," she said. "We should be 

at the Price Center! We have power as a group to 
threaten the regents." 

The outburst led to a spontaneous march which 
continued to the Price Center, with marchers visiting 
several of the larger lecture halls to encourage stu-
dents to join in. 

It eventually ended in the chancellor's complex 
with the alleged assault on a student by Vice Chan-
cellorof Undergtaduate Affairs Joseph WalSOll out-
side his office, and the occupation of the conference 
room. 

After the incident outside Watson 's office, the 
students moved into the chancellor's conference 
room and began their study-in. 

About 20 people spent Friday night in the confer-
ence room, with the numbers fluctuating as students 
came and went. 

Rabani said tudents were contacted through 
friends and phone tree and encouraged to panici-
pate in the study-in. 

On Friday night, the students formulated four 
demands consisting of an immediate cancellation of 
the fee increase, support in writing from the 
chancellor's office and a studeRl. staff and faculty 
voice in selecting the successor to retiring UC 
President David Gardner. 

The last demand was for financial support from 
the chancellor's office to rent buses to transport 
students to Sacramento to lobby the state legislature 
in a UC system-wide protest that will be held on 
Mar. 27. 

"We might hope they realize opposing us is 
opposing the university," Rabani said. citing the fact 
that students are trying to bring more state funding 
to the university. 

To keep the spirits of the protestors up, organiz-
ers arranged for bands to play just outside the 
conference room on Saturday night and last night. 

They also held a rally outside the main gym 
before Sanuday night's NCAA Toumamentbasket-
ball game and there are also plans for another teach-
in tomorrow. 

Lintz said Saturday that while the chancellor's 
office has told the students it supports them, it has 
also said the students need to go through the proper 
legislative channels to affect the fee increase. 

Monday, March 9, 1992 

WASTE 
ContInued from .... 3 
(CFR), we treat it that way," Manin 
said. Officials at Environmental 
Health and Safety stressed that the 
operation strictly adheres to the rules 
and regulation formulated by the 
federal govenunent in a procedural 
guide, CFR 49. 

HOur role at Health and Safety i 
to sec that the material is handled 
properly," said Larry Oberti, man-
ager of environmental issues. 

"Pan of our effort is waste 
minimalization," he added. 

The first two steps of the three-
tiered approach that Environmental 
Health and Safety lakes to minimize 
waste are preventive measures. 
Source reduction decreases the 
amountof waste generated. and su~ 
Slitution replaces hazardous materi-
als with similar, but non-hazardous 
materials. A third measure, recy-
cling, is becoming more common, 
as witnessed in the department's 
recent investment of$25,<XX> in new 
recycling equipment. 

Chemistry Safety Officer and 
Coordinator John Palmer, whoover-
sees waste handling in the UCSD 
Chemistry Department, said he feels 
that Environmental Health and 
Safety is performing its jobsofregu-
lating and minimizing waste activ-
ity well, considering the circum-
stance . 

"They are doing a good job, but 
they are not able to be as efficient as 
they could because they don't have 
the right equipment and facilities ," 
he said. 

Pre-existing buildings, which 
were 110t built to accommodate the 
handling of radioactive materials. 
have had to be used for storage due 
to a lack of fUnding. 

Plans fora new facility are being 
discussed, with construction ex-
pected to take place in the next two 
or three years, depending on the 
funding allocated by the regents. 

"WI! need the new building to 
separate different types of materials 
by design instead of just by space," 
Palmer said. 

"A new facility is likely to in-
crease safety from adequate to above 
adequate," he added . 

Most people do not realize that 
the current facility exists, much less 
know its campus location, 

"I didn't know it was there, but it 
doesn't surprise me because there 
are a lot of places on this campus 
that are this mystery and you don't 
know what goes on there," Reiss 
said. "You would think that they 
would have to jX.It a sign up or 
something." 

Other passers-by were surprised 
and concerned about health risks 
that they associate with hazardous 
materials. 

"What? Does this mean we're all 
going to come down with cancer?" 
asked Muir College junior Marcie 
l11Ompson, when told of the waste 
site. 

"The only concern that I have is 
whelhcrlherewouJd be ground water 
contamination, which is very dan-
gerous," said Angel Farien, a 
hydrogcologist who passed by the 
site on her way to an on-campus 
bible study, 

City of San Diego Wiler Pr0-
duction Superintendent Bill Breman 
said that most of San Diego's water 
is imported, with only 10 to 20 
percent from local sources. 

"We are not mlIly susceptible to 
I'IIdioective matcriaJ in San Diego 
Cowuy ... unlesssomeonc is throw-
ingt1ldioaclive material into a reser-
voir. we would be • low risk. " he 
said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

COME TRAVEL IN INDIA 

CO 

JUNE28 
DJULY24 

frllSI*Dlw 
IN 5-1 .. • AfrU 2-1111 

:'CII:1(800) 
400-8372 

THE MARKET 
ON CREATIVE 

SUMMER COURSES. 
Pratt offers summer courses that do a little more than 
you'd expect. That's because our students. the most 
talented and creative people in the country, set high 
standards. During our two summer sessions from 
May 26-July 2 and July 6-August 14' we're offering 
hundreds of undergraduate, graduate and professional 
courses designed for creative people. 

Choose from programs in architecture, advertising, 
an education, book arts, city and regional planning. 
computer graphics. construction management, creative 
arts therapy. drawing. engineering, facilities manage-
ment, fashion. film. fine arts, graphic design. illustration, 
industrial and interior design, jewelry. information and 
library science, painting. photography, printmaking. 
sculpture. urban design. video telecommunication, and 
visual studies. Summer internships are also available. 

TRAVEL/511IDY ABIlOAO PROGRAMS 10 ITALY, 
JAPAN, DENMAIlK AND SPAIN. 

SUMMEI MASTER'S PROGRAMS IN COMPUTER 
GIlAPIOcs, FINE AJn'S, GRAPHIC DESIGN. AND IN-
FOIlMA11ON AND UIIIlARY SCIENCE. 10 flDd out 
.are, retarD the CftpoD or WI: (718) 6J6-M53, 
aL 7Il. 

----------------------------------------

Pratt IlUtiIJut - School 0( Pro(essiDnld StudiIs 
100 wllloa&hby Aw., Brootlyn. NY JUOS - (718) 636-34,9, txt. 713 

PfaJx Jtnd ,. in(DrrruuIon on: 0 SwnInB Coarws 
o Swrunlr AIaJt6', Prupunu 0 'Duwt&Jdy Pqnuru 
~~--------------------------------MaaB ______________________________ __ 
~----------_____ nm ____ _U~. ________ __ 
~L_ ______ _J~~~ 

NEWS 9 



, .. ,. 

10 NEWS 

~:---- ------ ----- -~---.-

, . , , 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOlUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

M r 8 JO (, ~ mi .... " j I. 
5 •• 1 14 p 111 \.\Ittl I ( ,I) Ii) 

Cedars-Sinai Medical Center is a ma~r teaching facilil)' for the UCLA 
School of Medicine. W~re currently seeking a"Sr. Lab Research Tech. 

The selected candidate will possess a BS or MS (Biology) with lab 
ex!'E!rience including a background in plasmid DNA propagation, 
DNA extraction, electrophoresis, sequencing and probe preparation. 
Prior management and hands-on experience with automated DNA 
synthesizer or sequencer are highly desirable. Must P.<,lSse5S excellent 
communication, interpersonal and organizational skills to effectively 
manage the day to day functions of the molecular biology lab. 

As a progressive health care leader, we can offer you a comprchen· 
ivc benefits package and a competitive salary. For confidential 

consideration, please contact: Dr. Dilne Prager, CEDARS-SINAI 
MEDICAL CENTER, 8700 Beverly Blvd., Becker Building, 
Los Angeles, CA 90048. (310} 855-4691. (AA/ EOE) 

~ CEDARS-SINAI 
MEDICAL CENTER 

.,:!-' .. :~ . ~ ..... '. :-~4 

The UCSD Guanlian 

CHINA 
C.6 sid hm .... 3 

Outside the ball, Y AF members 
spoke out against oommWlism and 
the honorable SbIlUS of Qizhen' s 
visit SDSU student protester Sam 
Antonio said. "We're procesting 
communism overall and the 8II'OCi-
ties and rights violalcd over the 
years." 

Wesley Adams, lDJIber SDSU 
YAP member, added, "We don't 
want to learn from this guy, we want 
to put him on the spo« [and! make 
him answer for the billions that his 
phiIo5ophy blBsilughlered through-
out the decades they'vc been in 
power." 

In conlnlSl to the prolCSling, re-
sponse to the ambassador's visit 
from students imide the lecture hall 
was more positive. Brad Edwards, 
an SDSU political science major 
and teaching assistant for the class, 
poke of the event as a "new begin-

ning for trade relations ... definitely 
a positive event" 

While Qizhen praised the recent 
progress made in relations between 
China and the U.S., the ambassador 
said that the two countries are "not 
back on a nonnal track" because 
sanctions against China by the U.S. 
an: tiU in force while other coun-
tries have I i fled their sanctions. The 
current sanction were enacted be-
cause of the government's actions 
in the Tiananmen Square massacre 
in 1989. 

One audience member que -
tioned the 1989 incident at 
Tiananmen Square. The ambassa-
dor responded by saying tories de-
scribing the event were "exagger-
ated" and that two groups of people 

UCSD SPECIALS 
..... I~e.d I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mttsublsh. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up Special ·$29 *(reg. $55) 

were involved: students and hood-
Iwns. 

The ambassador also addressed 
areas of tension between the U.S. 
and China, including differences in 
human rights and trade. 

"A counuy's humin riahlS situ-
ation should not be judged in disre-
gard of its history and national con-
ditions.lt is neither appIoprlare nor 
workable to demand [thai) all COWl-
tries measure up to the human rights 
critaia of one or a few countries," 
Qizhen said. 

He criticized the practice of us-
ing human rights as a means for 
interfering in the inten\ll affairs of 
other countries. 

On the issue of trade, Qizhen 
praised the increasedamounloftnKle 
between the U.S. and Olina. yet he 
expressed concern that China still 
lacks Most-Favored Nation (MFN) 
status with the U.S. 

A continued lack of this SlatUS, 
Qizhcn said, would have a "very 
adverse effect on China-U.S. rela-
lions." 

Without the MFN status, acoun-
try must pay higher tariffs on its 
exports, consequently raising the 
prices of its products, and lowering 
thenumberofsales toU.S.consum-
ers. 

At the end of the evening, the 
ambassador was asked about his 
view on the breakup of the Soviet 
Union. 

Qizhen said that while a "system 
should only be decided by those 
people," he saw the situation as a 
"tragedy." 

Comparing Soviet refonns with 
China' recent refonns, Qizhen criti-
cized the Soviet Union for begin· 
ning political refonns before eco-

Monday, March 9, 1992 

nomic reforms. 
"Political refonn goes hand in 

hand with economic reform but it 
can only be successful as a result of 
economic refonn. The Soviet Union 
had llWly empty promises ... eco-
nomically speaking. it was a disas-
ter," Qilhen said. 

Another student addressed the 
ambassador, saying that recently at 
SDSU, students had been disagree-
ing with the administration on a 
nwnber of issues. 

Acknowledging the ambassa-
dor's long experience in govern-
ment and with student movements, 
she asked Qizhen if he had any 
advice for the students of SDSU. 
After laughter from the audience 
died down. Qizhen said. "My ad-
vice to the students - make your 
own judgement ." 

Dr. George Bergstrom, an SDSU 
political science professor. said that 
to have the ambassador speak to the 
students was a "long felt, finally 
realized honor [and) privilege." 

Acknowledging the differences 
between the two cultures of China 
and the U.S., Bergstrom quoted 
former President Reagan as saying, 
"Let us acknowledge our differ-
ences, let us never minimize them. 
but let us 1101 be dominated by them:' 

Although Bergstrom said that re-
lations between the U.S. and China 
have at limes been "less than desir-
able." he praised the increasing 
"learning and exchange that are 13k-
ing place between our two coun-
tries." 

PlNNRemenrbet 
To Recycle. 

The Guardian 

1. Spark plugs Qu tune up 1IICIud8s a 101 more IhMI othfrs. n P::W8s: 
2. DIstributor points 6. Cleiill & replenish aI ftuid & oiIlMls 10. Check IIldercarriage lor ~ 
3. Condensers 7. Chedt bI.s 11. Check cooing system & hoses 
~ . Adjust IIm1g 8. Check~ldl 12. RoiIdtllSl 

Are You Ready for Law School? 
5. Adtust dwell MgIe 9. Chedt lights 

, 2!~Oint M!i~!!e~~~Cial l'!~~' 
2. VaNe~: 

RI\UC8: 
3. VaNe oover gasket 
4. Spirk plugs 
5. Distributor points 
6. Condensers. 
7. Airfiher. 
a. OiIliller. 
9. Gas fitler. and 
10. Engine 04 

t 1. A~Yst timilg 21. Check & replenISh aJt 
12. ~IJSI dweI ..-.gle ftlid II1d oil IeYeIs 
13. A~st tatburetOl 22. Check eIeIricaJ system 
14. A~ sleering bol 23. Check lor loose 01 lost 
15. Aq\Js iIIr & luel ratio rru bolts 
16. ~st dYldl 2~. Check brakes 
17. AqIJSI blal\es 25. Check ~tCl1 
1 a ~ emergency brakes 26. Check ighlS 
19. Check & adjuste.posed 27. Check \I1derc.riage fOf 

~~ ~ 
20. liJ~ Iront end 

28. Check lI1d redlirge 
betIIty. ~ neces&aIy 

29. AoIate tiles r. needed) 
30. Check tire pressure 
31 . Lube door hinges 
32. Check all holders 
33. Check cooing system & 

hoses 
3-4. Check exhalsl system 
35. Road lest 

NaIf: For 6~ CIIS odd S20. To",", SIp ... odd $30. 0ItIl.n 200SX..." 8 II'O'k plUgS. odd $35. 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
~,.,;ac.: 

1. Transmission input shaft seat (Sleep! 4. Throwout bearing Nola: HyO'auic piJt5 are 001 CO'o'III8d. 
Hondas 5. Pilot bearings Not for 4WD. Front wheel 00ve extra. 

2. ~8$SUre plate 6. New vanSlTissicn oil . 
3. Clutdl disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Frorw Of 1Nf. BrakB job tJdudes: 

1. !nstaI special new pads Of Install rear brake shoes 5 Bleed entire brMe system 
2. Drain old brake fIlJid 6: AdtYsllront QI tturns) II1d rll( shoes 
3. lnspecI camplete hydraulIC system 7. Reptace front r<IIor seals Cd rotOlI\lm) 

~ . Refil hydraufic lluld 8. Road Ie$I 
NaIf. HyOIaIIIc I*1S .. noe_ 

.,.... new pMts. AU IIbout our 8peCIIII rat.. for ........ ow ......... 
Aft our wOlk ..... 2-, .. or 2O,0000tnI1e 1!IIIted w..--ty. 

AI ..... lnctude..,u ............. 

o¥~~e.~ ('moslcars} ~ .-.. ~ 8008 Miramar Ad . • ....t990 
AIIDnatlWIJ RIp" 
•••••••• 

Wih this ad. Expns 3123192. 
\..all tor appointment. 

Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 am·6 pm. Open s.tureta, 

Gain a competitive edgellf you are thinking of going to law 
school, the first step In embarking on your new career Is 
scoring well on the LSAT exam. In fact, It Is the most criti-
cal factor for gaining admission to law school-and that Is 
why It is so important that you score well. UCSD extension 
offers LSAT prep classes every quarter that cover each 
subject area and provide important insights Into the types 
of test questions through crucial time-testing practice. 
Students also learn skillS that add to their success In law 
school. Using analytical tools and test-taking skills mas-
tered in this program, participants increase their potential 
to score well. Topics Include: 

• analytical reasoning 
• logical reasoning 
• reading comprehension 
• writing 
• practice test (a prior LSAT exam) 

Join UCSD Extension Instructors Marilyn Simon and Scott 
Bomstein who have helped tens of thousands of students 
score up to their potential on a number of standardized ex-
ams. For enrollment information, phone 534-0406, X4181. 

I •• I J , I , , • i • I I' • I • I I • I t l , • , • , I , • , , , , ~ , '.,. 

Monday, March 9,1992 

NIGHT 
ConIInued flam .... 1 
feel powerful in a typically vulner-
able ituation," McKay said. 'This 
was an opportunity for women to 
take back their bodies - to 
demystify altitudes about breasts that 
they need to be covered all the time." 

The marchers expressed this 3t-
titude by chanting, "My body's 
nobody's body but mine. You've 
got your own body, let me have 
mine,'" ,. 

"We felt like we were making a 
statement," said Warren College 
junior Macarena Gomez-Barris, 
whopanicipatedinThursday night's 
rally. "We' redoing this so that we're 
not objectified .. it's a strong politi-
cal statement." 

The marchers, who held candles 
and chanted, "Women unite, take 
back the night," walked allover the 
campus. 

The women stopped at every resi-
dence hall to spray-paint a stencil of 
a WOllWl with a fist going across the 
center. In addition, the marchers 
spray-painted the stencil on the 
chancellor's door. By morning, the 
spray-paint was removed and the 
chancellor's door was replaced. 

"We were angry to see the spray-
paint removed so soon," aid one of 
the rally's participants, Warren Col· 
lege sophomore Kendra Jones. She 
said the anger arose panly because 
of the fact that the spray-painted 
message reading, "Fuck you Ko-
ala" has not been removed from a 
sidewalk near Muir College yet. 

Some women also spray-painted 
"Shame" across a Sigma Alpha 
Epsilon (SAE) sign that i posted 
alongside 1-5. SAE President Steve 
AgerexpressedhisangertotheWRC 
about the incident. He said he would 
try to use paint thi nner to remove the 
damage, but if that does not wone, it 
may cost the fraternity $200 to fix 
the sign . 

Despite the women's public nu-
dity, which is prohibited by a San 
Diego municipal code, and the use 
of spray-paint, no charges have been 
brought against the marchers. 

Sergeant Dave Roseofthe UCSD 
police department said that the inci-
dent is on file, but because the 
women were exprcssing their views 
and because there were no formal 
complaints. the marchers were WI-
der the protection of their First 
Amendment rights. 

"Where does law interfere with 
free speech1This is what we have to 
considcr," he said. "We tend to bend 
over backwards to give wide lati-
tude to students expressing their 
views." 

Jones said that despite the im-
portance of the women's message, 
several men yeUed at the marchers 
and blasted music with derogatory 
lyrics in an attempt to drown out the 
chants of the women. -

"11le people who didn't listen 
are the most frightening," she said. 
"Before peopIejudge us, they should 
try to find out what we're trying to 
say." 

However, according to Michael 
Keith, a WRC supporter, there were 
men who supported the "Take Back 
the Night" rally. In conjunction with 
the march, fonner cover girt Ann 
Simenton gave a talk about the c0n-
sequences of women's portrayal in 
media to about 2SOpeopIe. Accord-
ing to Keith, about 20 men stayed 
after the prescnl8lion to discuss re-
lated issues. 

"We talked about what we could 
do personally to change things on 
this campus as men ... Things need 
to change. We need to change indi-
vidually," he said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

DARE TO ~~isl 
... ,.~ Hair Coloring Be 

Perms From 
$40. 

CHULA VISTA: 
283 Third Ave. 
425-CUTS 
SDSU: 
Aztec Center. lower level 
582-CUTS 
PACIFIC BEACH: 
1447 Garnet Ave. 
273·CUTS 
OCEAN BEACH: 
<\882 Newport Ave. 
222-3777 
HILLCREST: 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

NEWS II 

Regular Sinus 
Problems? 

Our research center is evaluating a treatment 
for sinusitis. Qualified volunteers who are at least 
3 years old will be compensated for their time. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers, ages 6 to 60, are needed to evaluate new 
medications for wheezing, coughing, and chest tight-
ness. Patients need to be taking asthma medications 
regularly and have no other major health problems. 

Qualified participants will be paid for their participation. 
for more deulls all 292-ll44 

~d uk for l..luren. 

Allergy & Asthma Medical Group 
& Research Center A. P. C, 

3444 KEARNY VlLLA ROAD. SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO. CALI~'ORNlA 92123 

Make sure your road trip proceeds without a hitch. 

.. .,.. .... 
.A'$1~i Sometimes road trips can be a I iule more adventurous than you ~*.~;1 .... 

.' · .... ~ ........ t ,_ 

expect them to be. Which is why you should always pack your AT&T Calling Card. 0 

Its all you need to make a call from al most anywhere to anywhere. Its the least 

expensive way to call state-to-state on AT&T when you can't dial direct. And now, 

you could also get 10% back on all the long distance calls you make with 

your card~ 0 The AT&T Calling Card Its the best route to wherever you're going. 

can more, save more with an AT&T CaUing Card. 
can 1800 654-0471, Ext. 5915 . 

• MUll,.,.... at leHl $30 worth 01 AT&T Long Dlllinee ellis With your AT&T Card per Quarter e.lI. covered by special 
:'~r~~ pion .... nOl lncl_ 

~ATQT 



11 CALENDAR 

. ACADEMIC SERVICES' 

.... y ..... = .8am.~:llpm-Con'ftl __ ' , I ' 
.......... klIiSSISIin:e.)Qf~ 

pro~ we_nMttaIinl~kDWJ. 5q) 
I1t YOI\( Halt 4010 01 call 534-7344 10 set ~ <¥1 
~. 
• Bam -430 p.m. - lei _ ...., 7'. I .... help you hs (JaIer YI1fI 
blre t'IliIlaQII1'8i. ooIe taIooQ. mKIenn prepDon. 
~ 1est-taQ1g SIr1Iegtes. Slop I1t YOI\( Hall 4010 or 
cit 534-734410 sa UIl a ~ ~.IBt N!1J 
slay on tI1! IOoIW kJ thoSe 'IcIk.alIe OASIS SlID; 
SkitlsWMsrops. 
• B un. ... :30 pm. - The _ &..-.. 
....... proWIes assIsI<r'a 10 Wins whOse 
niNelqulgeis 001 frVIsh~tothoseOOingu 
il.JiIpJB. SpRsh.GenniIlinlFftll'dl.A __ 
lest onwnllll1Eng1is11asaStmld~IsMIallie 
on ~ call: 534-2284 klI more 00miIi0n. Old 
Sldn CMIer.1IIdg. A. fUm 1214. 
• 8am. ... ;])pm.- 'The_ .......... 
is a iIle SI!MQ! klf all OCSO sIIdrlIS. We after aneto 
one wriilg oonIIIIIn:es U ~ I)pe d Iring projed 
-aDnic~l8SOOIIslaimRs.MlstOOls 
inl po!IllS. Ill' still d tr.nf lMfp1IiIIes. who 
am! hom a msy 01 DdemIc ascipiines.131 help 
you bIwne a more ekliw Miler. Call 53+2284 to 
ITBe 1Il ~ or ~ ~ oor citice III tI1! ()d 
Studeot Center. Bldg. A. Room 1214. EW!fllng 
iIIIXlil till B tis iso iIVcIfabIe. 

TwttMy, M"rrh 10 
• 2·3p.m. - Ea." ................ 
Fro 0Ii hoIIi to mat.e all ~r sllDjing Pirf 011. 
I..eirn stre5S'1I'XWlO exMl prepDon inl exMl 
IJwlg I~. II you kooiIll. you 131 show d 
(on your exMl. ~ IS)! Lellfl show you haN. 
I.t.GIIi Hall 2342. Also WeOOesday. Marth 11 . 1992 
1·2 pm. aI ftOga n 

. HEALTH &. FITNESS , 
M...a,1IIf'o1fBh FriM, 

• All Day - Do you kooiI your stfOOJlhs inl 
\\UIkresscs to your iihl«lC abilttes? You 131 ~ a 
FREE ~ fllneSS~. fI1ITIIP.11t SIOIIinQ up 
lor <¥1~illtIll2OO ftoorollheSh.Qn Heafth 
CenIeI. 

M-u." Mllrrh 9 
• 12·2pm.-Doyoukooil-Mayour d I 1 II 
.... lSI Come I1t Ihe SIudeIlt ~th CenIeI inllind 
OO -Ma ~11mlS SlInpIy payS3i11 trecashter.lttengo 

~IS 10 Groop iiI. Stoon I'ml1h Cdr. 
• 2 pm - I'e says ~'re really ~ /1!'s 
dlcrmtng. rute ir1d witty. YOlJ' I/wjlts borOOI on 
Ilr(lropel v.f1enalone ~Ih tIltS Hre'hear1 stopper: BlJ 
Ibll~l31iOOawaybvtust, t.nIcssyouhaveprOO::tioo 
YOUl31iJ1JS1! ComeloaIlrlllClllrll .......... 
inlleam mi saIer sex! SIudeIlt Heafth Center, 2nd 
Itoor. Tund." Mllrcb 10 
• t 1 a m. - You·leon;mlter !liUWlthBtll.lUyou 

kJ~ klliife yw pili You Ixlth vm IoITBe 1oYe. but 
Btll v.ool \\61( the 'gI~' You Ibll knowd yw pills 
VIlli lID. inl ~MYOU shirk! ()J-Ma isa 
I'IOIT31 to 007 Come Sal lfl. so thiS lsol ~1 1ktII 
CoItroI Inf ....... s-IIIt. Student Health 
Servtce. 2rd ncar 
• 1 p.m.-llMllS 111 theall.inllt'sciIVllllJIMlIYOI1e 
loco! You've 'lJI a tr1Iasy II1VOlvtng honet inl hOt 
cocoa So IIilen you mret yotM'dltml nm. v.tlaI ~II 
)'O'J' first rrove 001 880re you 'lJ s/1opptng ill Voos. 
If'e Birth Conlrol Session IS key! Come to a IirtII 
CoItroI Inf ...... s-ioI inlleam more! 
Sludellt HmJII1 5eMce, 2nd floor. 

W"I"rsJny, Mil";' 11 
• lOam - YouvmloknowrroreOOoutIrepe!vt 
ex.vn. but you have no ooslle 101 birth control 
IIIDIlMIOO. 'The ..... _ s-iII lS lor you. 
You'l m rrore aIxlU tte pelVIC exan. IUnll()(1. <¥1d 
PIlMJlIaIM! ~h care. Student f-IeaIlh Servtce. 200 
Hoor. 
• 1 p.m. - Hey poopIe, y,e're in a ~on here! 
Saving trorei is im~rtant! AI a IIrIII CIIIrII 
......... s..- y,e want to help our fellow 
studeIlIsthlOl9'1lhis recession. Wilhea:hsessilo. \!Ill 
are \rIlng 'W4f 1100 oonooms <¥1d inIormaIJon. Come 
11t.leam m S3Ie. Sludellt HmJth Centel. 2nd ftoor. 

'Ib""",,y, Mllrrb 12 
• 10a.m - ThISFndaytllll3thyoo're'lJlnglo~ 
1\.Cky! But lock v.ool PIMlt a PI~ or <¥1 STD. 
CXlIy protOClion 'Mil! Come 10 a IIrIII c.tnI 
.......... s-iII m find out rrore! StuOOt 
Health Service. 2nd floor. 
• t p m - The'" ._s.-. provides 
InlomalOO onpelVtClM11S.mtrdion.inl~lve 
f'eallh care. Sound Interesting? Carre by <¥1d sre! 
StlXiinl Health Servtce. 2nd ncar. 

FritiAv, IlIArrb 13 
• 10a.m.-12 p m. ~PasslngbyIheSitdellIf'eallh 
CIJ]Ier? W'trf not pay a VISIt <¥1d find out your 
,. I t IIIn117 PleasePirf;.tsl S3 ill tte cas/lIer 
firsl. tI'61 cootll1UeupstallslO Group III. swn Health 
5eMce, 2nd Qoor. 

. WOIlKSHOPS ' 
M ..... , through FriM, 
.8a.m.-4p.m.-_I'WS(~alnteril:tlve 
Gutdn:e lIld Intormatlon) IS a ~-based 
progan d career inlormiiion desigled to l'etp you 
ctanfy ~r sfdlls. values inl ~tonaI intmlSlS. 
Forrrore irIoImaIJon,ame 10 career Servtces Center. 
Acinissial $10. 
• ...... -If ~'re grlDJalng this IJ.IiIIIer <¥1d 
,klI>-seeIctng, \!Ill" ma:tl you .",111 a protessionaIln 
)'OlJ'fietd d irEnSv.t1oWlIl ~youstarBlnd\\OOting 
In Ire local ptlmrla fspEDaIlyheiplUfortibelalMs 
maPs as <¥1 illlemiiM! to lXH3ll)US irBv1ewinQ. 
Si(1l up with the matn IobI¥ I1nl!lIIOOISt !Mer 
Smices CriJ. 
. 1:30-4p.m.-.............. -For 

~withcareer~. jobhtning. resooe~ 
or explonllO profeSSIonal or graduate SChool 
~.~~raessary,~_in. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CRJ Ser.tes COr . 
M .... " AU .... 9 

• 1031 un. - •• 11111 
............. -l..8n holli 
10 CIlISuj I ~ ftI!IJre 
hi ..... ~ 5Inl 0Ii Iron II! 
CIO'MI. en. SInus Cdr 

T H E 
. 11a.m.-lpm.- ....... . 
a ............ ..... 
c • • Dmp-1Il a!Msrlg, or ~ 

appot~ment . 534·3035. Chelsea 
Hslial. Nf¥J 104/1Cli 
• 12:»2;]) p.rn. - ....... . 
a ....... All ... ..... 
C • • Orop-in a!MsIIlg. or ~ 

~ 534-~. Em WS1l. 
.2110 we at S1W. Cdr . 
• +5;])p.m. • I • I ' 
.,..... .. ..,: A group tor 

~ who .wd hie 10 
explore Issues 01 ldentlly and 
relationships. Leaders: Maureen 
Morison, 53+'lZJ7 inl PaIr CoolIIa 
534-lXl5. caItkll~. I003GH. 

T...."." AU .... 10 
• 1·2 p.m. - •• , .. , 

"'_Aore-~u 
!hose cBIIilg will EBtng inl WIJIi" 
Issues. Led ~ RED peel CWlSeIoI. 
Cort.1flI. 412 MNC. 
• t·3 p.m. - Alc ••• ' I 
a ...... CI D ... PI., 
C • • ~tnDmJQ(~ 
~ Erin WI!ttJ, 534-lB5. 

~ 2110, WCkill. S1W.Cdr. 
• 2:l.l-4:ll p.m. - ....... I 
b •• g.CI D... , .. , 
C II s 1lr~~Q(11t 
appoirtmenl [)aye Ka1g. 534-3m5. 
AIfJJ 1(W1Cli. 
• 3-4 p.m - lIIIIiIII,lIIf" 
.1 .. 1111 1.~I,hl .. 1 , .. , 
c ...... With DavId. Have a 

~1()(1? wn someone to IaIk IO? 
ted a SUIlIXlrI~ tJ1VIrormr(/ Drop 
I1t room 3247 01 Ire wanm UdIre 
Bldg. or call 534-:BI7 10 sa ~ <¥1 
CIIlIl(ltItTB1t WIIh Creli.l.Jsa, $1M or 
D:Md. 
. ~:30pm.--'c ...... 
- a ~ 0I00p u Irmis 01 
lesbians. gays and bisexuals. A 

su~ inllmlst IJMromm 
lor an open dialogue Women's 
Resouroo Cdr. 

WU,""",",. 1bI .... 11 
• 11 a.m.·l p.m. - ....... I 
S.btllc. ..... ,,,, 
C n s Drop-tn~.orl1t 
appointment. 534·3035. Chelsea 
Halkm.N'lJ 1(Wlffi. 
• 1 p.m.-lIED""."" 

AOI'll-IKu~utmlcBII~ 
WIth ealtt'IJ inl ~ ISSUeS. Led I1t RED peel 
crulSI1Ior. Coot. Pro, 412 WK.. 
• 2-3 p.m. - ....... , a., .. _. 
IIMIIwIIIuI ... c IIns wtIh Cheli. Have a 
!p!StJOO? Wirol SMlOOIle to IaI lo? NeOO a suwortM! 
IJ]VlrOl1lTB1t? DrOP ~ till Wor!m's Resourre Caller 
O(call534-:m7 to set up <¥13p1XliM6i with Cheli. 
LISa. Slew or DavId 
• 2-4 p.m. - AIcIIIII I 5 t IasJI A--. 
P .. , C ..... .,.S· Dlop'ln adlllsing 01 by 
~iOOrelt Ene Fer~. Room 109. TC Mnin. 
Bld(j. 
• 3-4:30 p.m. -~A,~, 
IIItIw Mn:aI SIwIrt'" Moots IIWdy 
10 d&uSS occmnc. person inl SOCIal experte'Ces. 
l.eaEfs: DalMrol,534-1579inlLmiayCalderm. 
534-{)249. Call lor SlIJl-UIl. Pe.telle Prtl'IOSI Dtrtre. 
• ~30 p.m. - La8iaI _ ........ 
• _ .. ....-rt ..... Led I1tCheli em Usa. A 
·t\Wdy. coofidellhal groo..p for l'IOIm1 who wiroIlo 
dISCUSS issoos <¥1d shire corams in a CXlITlb1able. 
supportM! 1JM100'l8lI. Drop-ins \\EIcoole. or call 
534-:BI7kJnmillklrrralOO. ~ IoUCSOsttmls 
only. Worrol's Resourre Cmter. 

Th",u"y, Mllrrh 12 
• 9-11a.m.-AIcIIIIIlr til_A--. p", c. .... n.S: Drop'ln adVising or by 

~lrtn8lI. Eric ferguson. Room 109. TC Mnin. 
Bldg. 
• 12·2 p.m.-CIKMA SII'PGIIT .... : Led 
I1t Ltoosay Callilron. 534-a149. Call lor S9HJP. 
Re.ele Formal Lru1ge. 
• 2-3 p.m. - lIIIIiIII. IIIf .......... 
........... CI , .. I'S wihUsa.Dropl1tlhe 
Worml's ResourceCalttJ or caJl 534-:BI7 to setup 

<¥1~lrmlenI Wllh Chell. Usa, Sieve or Davtd. 
• 3-4.30p.m. --e.,IIIi .. ..., fIIIIIa: 
For sludins v.OO IT1iIlilIJC \\liI1 WI (Ill som:ttrres 
troublOO I1t ~ frelings. t.ecm: Beverly 
Hall. 534-'lZJ7. ~ rerforsigH(), 412 WJ>C. 
• 6:3CH1 pm. - .., ............. 
s.w-t ... , ~ bv PIB' COIIlSefors Davkl inl 
SIeve. A 1IWdy. coofiantal OI~ klr 1181 who wiroI 

lodscussissoosinlsharecm:emsina~, 
support~ IJIIironrrm. Drc»-Jls \\EIcoole. or call 
534-:BI7kJnmirtlrTMioo.~IoUCSOsttmls 
only . MourIain Vett LOUI91. Third CoI~ 

FriM"MII .... J3 
• 9-10::ll am. - ......ac c:-. ... 
.....: A!IIOI4l to Ieil:Il ways 10 creie <¥1d mailtlin 

~onshiPSinlOleaXlle~L.ems:Bever1y 
HaIlJ, 534-'lZJ7, inl Vivi<¥l cree. 534-3585. Call lor 
SI!Jl'Up. 412 W1C. 
• 9-11a.m. - AIcIIIII.'" I ... 
'lit ClaM .... : Drop-in advising or by 

~1Ullerl Diwe KMg. 534-lXl5. HSS 2126-
• 12-1:lJ pm - ,. 111. C .. 

'-:1lrC»-1Il~~oorams~AsiIIII 
~Iic IsJmir stuBis. LeDrs: .Ieml Mirlese, 
534-:m5, inl ~ CI1ee. MoInaiI Yew lotJ1ge. 
. 2·3p.m.-'-IIIII. .. I1111 ......... 

~_Wlth~Dr~l1troom~~~1he 
vmm IJtnure BId). or call 534-39B710 sa ~ 1Il 
appotOOrelt With Cheli.lIsa. StIMl or David. 
• 2-4 p.m.- AIcIIIII II1II I I I ~ ...... 
&rMp: Sup~rtive enVirorvnent for disrussing 

~ reIatOO to akxOOI aid subsIalce cixJse . 
Leom: DalMtrol. 534-1579.Re.eie Cotl. PrOY. 011. 
• 4~ p.m. - c..,. ... '-: lnIoonaI 

~ for AfOOll-Meicirt studIns. l.eaOOr. Phil 
~. 534-«l52. Mcxmn Vett I.ol.r1ge. 

SlUUIJIy, Mllrrh 15 
• 11 a.m. - ~ja Yoga Will presmt a flEE 
... JI ............. 1haI lSopIJI loall. Withinea:h 

~ lfllies Ihe pure joy olll~ HcMeYer. urconIrollaJte 
thinking inlll81la1 idlYlty has <ia¥on lfl 'W4f lrom 
the StIeR nature of spirl. 1n nnitaton ~ again find 
IhaI pea::e inl 00ptIt ~Roorn- Poce 
Cerl8 (socond 1Ioor). Call ~9379 klI more ilia. 

. MEETINGS ' 
MtmMy...., FriMy 

• All Day - ............ EIiIwIMI 
Spring Quarter: Call Mr. SIoIIef aI M.ISic DellI. (534-
3220). Dplnilgs lor perru;sion. FIlJdl hom inl 
Il.tla. 

T"-'" MIIrrh 10 
. 5:30-7p.m. - .......... c..-. 
s.tuIe C IUw mretlngs. All wefcoo1e to 
aIt81d lIld prOYIIE i~ on stndtle d coaItIion. 
South Conlenm Room, SIudeIl COer B. 
• 6p.m. - ..... _c...--.. 
Ila::kpaiilg. mourtain biki1g & moos rooeaIionaf 
iI:IiVities. Come join till fill. Gaflery A. Prire Center 
(2nd noor above Ire lleier). 
• 7-8:30 pm - LIIMII • .., .. ........ 
, w ..................... My 
Tues. niglt ill the MounQn Vett l.owIJl red to Ihe 
temlSCOi.ltS in3rt1 Cof~ For rrore 100rniil0nc3t 
534-GAYs. 

W~JlJlrrhll 
• 4-6 pm. - .......... AcIIII 
C_IUw ..... AlIYIIibmltoaltelll.~ 
RivefsI(E Poce Center. 

nn.rsrIAy, MIIrrh 12 
. 7pm.-IIIfa. ....... My'lllLmlyill 
7 p.m. in APM 2111 Beer inl vtdoos. 
• 5 p.m. - Ast<¥lNnn3l Wture is 001 jusllimiled 
to Chow mein inl chop '!»!!f. Jail EIIII .... 
....... UCSO's Aslm'cd1C Islinler Nnerican 
joumi. as weClqllore issues & amroniijies ... Calf 
EridI III fil2-oon u rrore irIo. fUm 2fIl. Old 
SIudin Cere, 200 Ioor PM SoII\lster.es, 

[VENTS, 

w E E 

M ..... " Mil"';' 9 
• AfIDay-SttdJtlsinltrutylrommoreNi~ 
Sirl D~ ~ sdlooIs will cmld Ire SIcIM 
........... III....,CIII_ to 
IeM1 how to ADDl inl ~ with ~ in their 
~rtme1Is. Price Cere Ballroom. 
• B pm. - CIiIMIIIIf IIIIwIc I11c1t11I1t .1m; 
I«lgyesy. MinleYiIIe AdaI Hall. S5 ~. $3 
sll.IOOis. S81ior ciliM1s.la:ultylstaf. 

n....u"MA .... I0 
• 7:30pm.-Fiim:,......A1It.· PHtl0 
• 8 pm. - Film: ."... III! MIIr: Price 
Center TheaEr. $1 . ShowrepealsallO:30 p.m. 
• 8 pm. - .... Cllllrc:-t. MinleYiIIe. 
S5 ~. S3 sbmtIs. SeIlior CIlimls, la:ulty/Stall. 

Wu-u,. Mlirdl 11 
• 8p.m.-_IIIcIIIInc-t~11e. 
$5 gImaf, S3 sIu:8tIs. SIIlIO/ etIiM1s. la:ulty/stifl . 

nn. ..... " Mllrrh 11 
• 12 p.m. - NeOO a p(:k Ire ~ or ~ a 'lJ(ld 00lI 
on lunch? ThIJ] come to tre T1uInI CIIeee 
c 11 ..... inCerl8iortlllPeopte(redlo 
Murdl Box). n's onIya 1m klIpizzaalda<llit Come 
<¥1d rdax with us. All iIeIcome. 
• 6:30pm. -Film: 'lIII .... ..,IcIII.' Price 
COr ThaiIIer. SI . Show repealsill9<¥1d 11;]) p.m. 
• 8p.m.- _ ..... ewc.t, ImtaI Hall. 
MmNiIIe. $51JfBa1. S3 sUBtIs. SIIlior 00Mls. 
f<DAty~. 

FriM" MIi .... 13 
. 6:30pm.-Film:'lIII .... ..,IcIII.'Prire 
Cere ThaiIIer. $1. Show repeals ill 9 inl ll;]) p.m. 
• 7 p.m. - FOOl: 'II1II Clnlle: Solis 107. 
• 8 pm. - Friday Ihe Ill! Concert: TheUCSD Wird 

~ presms its WirEr Corm! in MilUviIIe. 
GtJ9perrussion1stSlele1SchOemfir.;t~ 
01 Sigru1d ~lds '1111 ......... 
...... 

• Bpm. - .... ElllltllllCIIDIIt MlIldeviIJe. 
S5 gnraf. S3~. sIIIIns. SeIliorcitim>. 

s.n,rrt.:f, MArdi 14 
• 8 p.m. - La Jolla CMc ~ ptJforms 
'1 ....... eli __ ' Mnlevile. $10 
1lIJO. $8 SeIlior liim>, S5 stuans. Also Strort. 
3p.m. 

~M"rdl15 
• 12 pm. - m sIS" III .... 
• , ... M.lslUn.Sl0D.ts,S6c11ikmages 7· 
11 Aam;e ~ ~ Calf SaiAls ill 
534-FlSH. 

LECTURES 

Monday, March 9,1992 

I< L y 

fir ... 1IiInIII fII. I I • Urey 2102. 
W""'y, MArch 11 

• 12 p.m. - CntIE KIlN: .,.1111 ..... , 
.............. ---.. 11 
......... tnuIn.' Mir,e' 4322. 
• 3 p.m. - Thomas WtCl<lml: ..... II 
nil 111.1 ........... ",.*,111 1liiie III 
• I LwElp I ...... : Urey2100. 
• 4 p.m. - JosIl MH RipaIda:" I IlIli II 
1IIn.' 3155 LBaIure ~. 
• 4p.m. -lMrySimpsoo: "~.'l.iOOow 
Aud, Bask: Sckm Bk*J. 

l1"",rIA" M"rch 12 
• 12 p.m. - Too Debock: 's.IIa VIIIII 
.................. csoon. 
. 4p.m.-DiMdWidlChiITUIs:""''' 
ScIIIIe: IiIIIIcI CIIy w ScfIIIIIIc .... , 
1111-1151: 3155 LiteraIure BktJ. 

FriMy, MIIrrh 13 
• 2 pm.-Shu Chi81: 'Elllct1l.1 ~j Ii Ie 

~wEJ' IICII'_" 
....... .,.. CeItef tor Ma(jI'leIic Recording 
1eaiIdl. 
• 4 p.m. - GiRJeIt YCIlg: "Q 1 I I II EMrn ....... ,.,,..... ......... 
'II lhe ' PH 103. 

RELIGIOUS FUNCTI ON S 

Monday, March 9,1992 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from ..... 11 
Tritons. 

With two outs and the bases 
1oadcd, Fisher rode one inside on 
David Rex. striking the clean-up 
hiuer on the ann for another Triton 
run. 

At this point everything was go-
ing to go the Tritons' way. Desig-
nated hitter Marcos Magdaleno ap-
peared to go doWlfon strikes to end 
the inning. However. the wild pitch 
skipped past the Vanguard catcher 
and Magdaleno bear the throw to 
first. making the score 5- 1. 

Third baseman David Blum drew 
his second run-scoring walk on the 
afternoon. and then Diricsen lined a 
two-run single into right field. boost-
ing the score to 8-1. 

Valdez finished up the Triton 
scoring with a run-scoring single to 
left field. leaving the Vanguards 
with an eight-run deficit 

Ernie Isola led the way offen-
sively for the Tritons. roping three 
of their seven hilS including a double 
which came within feet of clearing 
the right field fence. 

Junior IefthanderRyan Hanagan 
(4-0) remained perfect on the mound 
this season. woricingsix innings and 
allowing three runs (two unearned) 
for his fourth win in as many stans. 

Hanagan yielded only two hilS 
and walked three before Denny 
Kubinski was summoned to the 
mound in the seventh inning. 
Kubinski fanned two Vanguards in 
two innings and freshman Steve 
Height came in to close the door on 
Southem Cal College in the ninth. 

The game carried a lot of ten-
sion, seeing that the twoclubs banled 

to a 2-2 tie in their last encounter. 
The UJ11)ire sensed this early on and 
ejected two Vanguards for trash-
talking midway through the contest. 

In the bottom of the eighth, the 
Triton bench emptied as Vanguard 
hurler Man Imus sailed a pitch in the 
vicinityofDoran Yount 's head. The 
junior second baseman was able to 
duck the pitch. but the umpire saw 
malicious intent and issued a warn-
ing tolmus. 

In yesterday's contest. the Tri-
tons handily defeated their Division 
II opponent with an offensive surge 
in the fourth inning. 

Siuingon a] -0 lead, Isolastepped 
to the plate with two runners in 
scoring position. and hammered a 
two-run double. 

Rex took the next Wildcat offer-
ing and crushed it for his second 

The UCSD Guardian 

long ball of the season. That put the 
Tritons up for good with a 5-0 ad-
vantage . 

SenioraceBrent Hansen woriced 
ix innings on the mound for the 

Tritons, striking OUt five en route to 
his second victory of the season. 
Hansen set five Wildcats down on 
strikes. but issued six walks and 
three runs. 

Yates attributed the unusual 
amount of walks to the small strike 
zone offered by the umpire. "The 
umpire's zone was tighter than 
tight." Yates said. 

"1be walks were in part because 
of [the umpire's] postage stamp 
zone," he added. 

Bryan Thomason relieved 
Hansen in the seventh inning, and 
held the Wildcats scoreless as he 
picked up his second save. 

Fencers Stonn Reglonals 
The UCSD fencing team traveled to Cal State Fullerton for this 

weekend's Westem Regional matches hoping to pull off some upsets 
and usher some sword-wielders to the NCAA national champion-
ships. 

But, the Cinderella story was 001 to be. The UCSD women's team 
placed fourth in lhe seven-team tournament, while the men finished 
in sixth place. 1be other contestants at the meet included Stanford, 
Cal State Long Beach, Cal Tech, Cal State Fullerton, Air Force 
Academy, and UC Santa Cruz. 

On the women's side, Yumi Nishiyama was the highest finisher 
for the Tritons, taking eighth. Rory Velasquez ended up eleventh for 
UCSD. 

The men's team saw Aaron Shebest battle his way to an impre -
sive third place in thefoil. Grant Dawson was 10th in the foil division, 
while Ouis Moody took eighth in the epee. Uri Feldman was the only 
other Triton in the top 10, as he managed eighth place in the sabre 
division. 

"We did very well , and showed a lot of improvement," said 
Assistant Coach Darin Wessel. "Next year looks even beuer." 

-GregWreM 

Special Finals Schedule 

SPORTS 13 

D<WI McOoweIUGuonfan 
Carla Nicolas lost her match in straight sets, 6-3, 6-1 Thursday. 

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from pace 20 
away in tr'.1ight sets, 6-3, 6-2. 

Next up for UCSD is Northern 
lIIinoi University. That match is 
scheduled for 3 p.m. on Mar. lion 
the Muir courts. 

The Tritons have never played 
Northern lIIinoi . but LaPlante ex-
pects a tough match from the strong 
Division I team. 

The match wilh Northern illi-
nois will be UCSD' last unlil Apr. 

9, when ittakeson UCSantaCruzat 
home. L::tPlante expressed concern 
about the long layoff for the Tri-
tons, as there will not be many 
matches left after Nothern Ill inois 
before nationals roll around. 

In past years, the Tri tons have 
played several matches over spring 
break. but LaPlante poinled to the 
harsh weal her conditions as pre-
venting many teams which usu:llly 
come out for matches overthe break. 
from traveling to the west coast this 
year. 

Got something to sell? 
Call Guardian Advertising, 534-3467. 

3 minute. 
from UCSD 

FLOWER 
BASKET 

South Study Room Only · 
Undergraduate Library 
Galbraith Hall, Revelle College 

.............. DELIVERY* 

• CI c' I • 
",c 20-

South Stuqy Room Closes 11 :30 pm 
Re-opens 

Co-sponsored by Undergraduate Library, 
the CSO Program and ASUCSD 

-

Plcase place orders 24 hou •• in advance 
'20 minimum pu.chase 
• within 5 mil e radi us or campus 

as always, 
10% OFF 
when you visit the store 
with your UCSD ID 

I 
WORLD WIDE FLOWER 

DELIVERY 
455·9900 

FLOWER BASKET ~.pirel:Y2J192 Not VAlId with any other orrer. 

455·5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt deliv r}·. 7 da)s 8 W ck. Open daily 8 am'S pm. 



, . 

14 SPORTS 

Soaring Cardinals Smash 
rounded Tritons in Three 

Volleyball can't keep 
pace with Ball State; 
Brigham sidelined for 
rest of season 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

The Tritons' men's volleybalJ 
team never found its rhythm Satur-
day afternoon as it was pounded by 
Ball State, 15-10, 15-6, 15-5. 

"11ley never got it going," said 
Head Coach Rod Wilde. 

TheCardinalssoaredouttoa 10-
o lead in game one before the Tri-
tons got on the board. 

Bruce Williams tarted a rally 
for UCSD, closing the gap to four at 
11-7. 

The pace of the game was much 
quicker than the Triton were used 
to. fter five opportunitie to end 
the game, Ball State finally fini hed 
itoff,15-10. 

Both teams began game two wi th 
multiple service errors. The Tritons 
had troubl«; executing their hits and 
blocks with any accuracy and even-
tually fell, 15-6. 

UCSD managed to score with 
Ball State leading by four in the 
third game, but that was the closest 
the Triton would come. 

The Cardinals wrapped up the 
match with a 15-5 win in the final 
game. 

In the third game, Wilde substi-
tuted Paul and Jay Warren for 
Lamson Lam and Matt Brega, hop-
ing to get some help at the setter 
position. But the temn was already 
too far behind for the two players to 
tum the game around completely. 

"Steve Kremser came in off the 
bench and played really well for us. 
Jay Warren did a great job at setting, 
but because of hi height he is a 
I iability on the block, so we put Matt 
back in," said Wilde, 

Wilde felt the middles did well 
stati tically, but not in terms of their 
actual play. 

Tyson Kerr had seven kills in 15 
attempts, with only two errors, for a 
hittingpercentageof.333. Williams 
contributed eight kill out of 13 
attempts, with only one error, for a 
. 538 hitting percentage. 

Lam had 18 kills in 40 attempts 
with 15 errors, giving him a .075 
percentage on the night. Lam still 
uffers from a bonechip in hi hand, 

a factor which Wilde feels affected 
his hitting. 

Jay Warren had 27 assi t in the 
match. 

lfthing weren't bad enough for 
UCSD, Matt Brigham tore a tendon 
in hi right hand, idelining him for 
the season. 

"[Brigham] was playing well for 
us. It will hurt without him," Wilde 
said. 

The UCSD Guardian 

3 

~McOoweW~ 
Jay Warren (left) and Tyson Kerr couldn't help UCSD beat Ball State. 

The Tritons' level of play ur- the ball inthenet,"explained Wilde. 
prised Wilde. After a week of in- The coach is more concerned 
tense workouts, he thought his team with the Tritons' play than with the 
would be ready for the chaJlenge. other team. "TIle Tritons need to 

"The team got out on the court stan playing with heart," said Wilde. 
and played tentatively," he said. UCSO is now 5-160verallon the 

UCSD thought it was prepared season. The Tritons wiD take on the 
for the matchup but just couldn't Pennsylvania at home on Tuesday 
execute. "We beat ourselves. Wehit night. 

Monday, March 9,1992 

Golf Swings to 
Another Win 
At Toumey 
By Grea Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

It could have been the end of 
"The Natural, Part 2 - The 
Green men." Eighteenth hole, 
UCSD needing par to bring home 
the champion hip, Jeremy ~oe 
tanding 34 feet away from the hole. 

off the green, contemplating hi 
fourth hot He'd been practicing 
this particular chip hot all week, 
but now he needed to hit it with the 
pre ureon. The gallery leaned for-
ward, holding their breath as Moe 
took aim and then chipped the ball... 
four inches away from the cup. A 
tip-in, and UCSD had the champi-
onship. 

Ho ting the Southern California 
Intercollegiate Golf Tournament at 
Torrey Pines this weekend. UCSD 
remained undefeated on the season. 
mking the college division of the 
tournament in a queaker over 
Claremont. 

Actually. it was only one half of 
the team, the 'A' team, that finished 
in first. 

After 18 holes, both Claremont 
and the Tritons were tied at 639. The 
tiebreaker rule came into play, and 
UCSD's fifth man, Tom Brown, 
hot an 84, one stroke ahead of the 

Stags' Bryan Steed.. 
See QOl.F, Page 15 

Men's Tennis Takes on Nation's Best UCSDTrackTakesFirstand 
• Tritons make it as far as 
the second round in last 
week's Pacific Coast 
Doubles Championships 
By Blair Ridley 
Staff Writer 

On Sunday Ihrough Thursday of 
Inst week, the La Jolla Tennis Club 
held its annual Paci fic Coast Double:; 
Champion hip. 

Teams from allover the country 
participated in the open tournament, 
including players from USC, Stan-
ford, and Pepperdine, all ranked in 
the top 10 in Division I. 

Representing UCSD were three 
doubles teams: Chris Belloli and 
Chad Morse, Roy Gessford and 
Carter Hedrick, and Vern Yarnell 
and Robbie Ho. 

This tournament gave them some 
valuable match experience against 
some of the best players in thecoun-
try, just before the UCSD men ' 
tennis team embarks on a tough 
week which includes four matches. 

Belloli and Morse won their first-
round match 6-3,64, over the num-
ber four team from San Diego State, 
Faba and Loue. This win enabled 
them to advanceto the second-round. 
where they met Wayne Black and 
Kent Seton from USc. The match 
did not go as well as the Triton had 
hoped it would,as they lost in straight 
sets, 6-1, 6-2. 

Gessford and Hedrick played the 
team of Hodges and Dashiell, an 

SidIIt Dlbt'GuIr*I 
Chad Morse teamed up with Chris Belloli in doubles last week. 
independent entry from Atlanta, from La Jolla This match also did 
Georgia, in the first round. 11le Tri- not go well for the UCSD represen-
tons' second team lost the first set, wives,31 they lost in two sets,6-2, 
6-0, won the second in a nailbiter, 7- 6-2. 
6. but dropped the third, 64. The next match for the Tritons is 

Yarnell and Ho's first-roundop- this afternoon at 3 p.m. on the Muir 
ponents were brothers John and courts, where they wiD face the 
Bruce Steel, an independent entry U · of Rochester. 

Second in Weekend Meet 
ByChrtsR..., 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSDmen'sand women's 
lnICk and field teams ran, threw, and 
jumped their way to first and second 
place finishes this weekend in a 
three-squad meet at UC Riverside. 

U1e Triton women finished first 
with 126 points, 54 points better 
than Cal Poly Pomona and 69 ahead 
of Riverside. 

Erica Washington qualified for 
nationals in the 100 and 200 meters, 
as she won both events with times of 
12.34 and 25.84, respectively. 

"Erica is coming along fine. 
When she's healthy, she's ns good a 
sprinter as there is in Oivision ill," 
Head Coach Mark Stanforth said. 

Washington's health is a major 
concem 10 Stanfonh who said that 
he has always had tight hamstrings. 

Stanforth also pointed out that 
W<t hington and all of the women 
who qualified for the NCAAs this 
weekend only reached the provi-
sional mark, not the automatic stan-
dard. The difference between the 
two is that while reaching the auto-
matic standard guarantees an ath-
lete a place in the nationals, attain-
ing only the provisional mark may 
not be good enough to qualify for 
the national meeL 

Stanforth ellplained that the in-
tent of the system is to achieve a 
more consistent number of athletes 
competing in each evenL 

The women's 4" I 00 relay team 
made the provisionaJ marlc for the 
NCAAs with a time of 49.50. 

Yveae Marzullo, Renee Sprowl. 
and Michene Milledge joined Wash-
ington to make up the squad for the 
Tritons. 

Marz:uUoaiso won the4<XHncter 
event (59.34), while Sprowl set a 
new UCSO school ruord in the 
triple jump with a leap of 35010. 

Sprowl also took first in the high 
jump with a mark of 5-2. 

In the discus, Jill Lyday's throw 
of 133-4 was enough to eam her a 
provisional spot in the NCAAs. 
Lyday also took first in the shot-put 
for UCSO with a toss of 38-)/4. 

The men's team finished 
with 126.5 points. That w.as enough 
to give it second place, 33.5 points 
ahead of Riverside, and 13 points 
behind Pomona. 

JeffTaylorandPaul CogbiU were 
able to qualify for the automatic 
standard of the NCAAs in the ham-
mer throw with hurls of 178-1 and 
172-4, repsectively. 

Both Taylor and CogbiU threw 
the distances required for securing a 
spot at nationals'during a meet ear-
lier in the year at Bakersfield, but 
since the meet was held before Mar. 
I, the throws could not be counted. 
But since the meet was held before 
Mar. I, ironically on leap day, Feb. 
29, the throws could not be counted. 

While Cogbill and Taylor were 
the only two Triton men to qualify 
for the NCAAs, there were several 
other impressive results from the 
UCSOside. 

In the 400 meters, Ernest CIark 
took first for the Tritons (49.23). Pat 
Foy took the top spot for UCSD in 
the 800 meters (I :57. 86). 

In the 3,OOO-meter steeplechase, 
JeffHemandez's timeof9:34.2 was 
good enough to give him a first 
place fmish for UCSD. 

Jason Anderson notched up first 
place in the 4UHneter hurdles with 
a time of 56.69. In the high jump, 
Ian Cooke's leap of 6-71/2 earned 
him a flfSl-piace spot. JJ. Cisneros 
joined Cooke among the first-place 
finishers in the jumping events with 
adiscance of 22-9 in the long jump. 

Paul JoInon finished fil'Sl in the 
pole vault with • mark of IS-I. 

Moaday, Mardl9, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Baseball StOPS at Nothing to Win 
St." Writer 

Consislency has become the trademark of this year's UCSO's 
~ club, which has a ruord of I~ I. 

Even with being raincdoutfora two-weekstretch,and having 
to cram four games into two afternoons, these Tritons refuse to 
lose. 

Yesterday, the Tritons were preparing to host Wayne Stale, 
when the wet field was deemed unfit for play. Instead of taking 
the day off, Head Coach Lyle Yates found a vacant field two 
hours away in Imperial Valley, and both clubs made the trek. 

The Tritons came away with a 6-3 victocy over the Wildcats 
from Nebraslc.a. nicely complementing their 9-3 trouncing of 
Southern California College on Thursday. 

In Thursday's contest. the Tritons' cause was aided im-
mensely by the 10 bases on balls, two hit batters, and three wild 
pitches dished out by opposing Vanguard pitchers. 

UCSO led 2-1 entering the bottom of the founh inning, when 
it manufactured seven runs on only three hits. 

Back-to-back walks were issued to Dominic Dirksen and 
Dave Valdez to start the inning. and David Lubs followed with 
a bunt single to load the bases. 

The Vanguards brought in their freshman righthander, Rob 
Fisher, to face the top of the Triton order. Le3d~ff hitter Guy 
CataIdodrew a run-scoring wal.k, but Fisher retired the next two 

See IIAIEBAU, Page 13 Senior Brett Hansen delivers for the Tritons . 

Crew Takes to the Water GOLF 
by merely half a boat length. 

• Men's and women's 
teams open season 
against UCI, USD, USC 
By Thereu Moore 
Guardian ~rttN 

UCSO sent both its men's and 
women's varsity and novice crew 
teams to the los Angeles area this 
weekend to participate in their first 
regattas of the season. 

On Saturday, both teams rowed 
against University of San Diego and 
UC Irvine. The Anteaters hosted the 
event in Newpon Beach. 1be fol-
lowing morning, the Tritons took 
on USC in San Pedro. 

Jack Vallerga. head coach of the 
varsity women's team, was very 
pleased with the results of both the 
varsity and novice squad's perfor-
mances at this weekend's dual races. 
Vallegra was especially pleased, 

. when he considered that 13 of the 
last 16 rowing days at Mission Bay 
were lost to weather and various 
other problems. 

Although the lost time resulted 
in the rowers' being, "001 as sharp 
andquickasthcycouldbe,"Vallegra 
quickly added. in reference to USC, 
"Next time, we'll blow them away." 

Saturday's regatta wns a three-
way race. The women rowed one 
varsity eight learn that came in sec-
ond. usn took first in thaI race and 
UCI was third. The novice team 
rowed two eights in which the B 
boat fmished second and the A boat 
came in fourth. In this event, the 
Toreros captured first and Irvine 
grabbed third. 

Sunday morning's races were 
both comparably closer, with USC's 
varsity four beating UCSD's team 

P I Z Z A 

One of UCSO's novice eight 
boats made up time, coming from 
four boat lengths behind to chal-
lenge the Trojans before losing by a 
boatlength. A second UCSD eight 
came in third. 

Men's Head Coach Michael 
Shannon called Sunday's race 
against USC "a good rebound from 
yesterday," speaking in reference to 
Saturday's losses to UCI and USD. 
The men's varsity team rowed an 
eight which placed second against 
Irvine and was followed by the 
Toreros. 

The novices also rowed an eight 
and placed second against the team 
fromUCL 

_ Shannon called Sunday's nov-
ice race "a blowout" in which USO 
came in first by four boat lengths. 
TheToreros were followed by USc. 
The final UCSD boat came in third 
by one boat length, the equivalent of 
about five seconds. 

The varsity squad also did ex-
tremely well by starting one boat 
length behind the USC team and 
eventually passing up its shell to 
win by half a boat length. Shannon 
called Sunday's regatta "a clean 
sweep" against USC. 

• 

Thenexteventforboththemen's 
and women's teams is the San Di-
ego Crew Classic Apr. 4-5 at Mis-
sion Bay. 

Three regattas have been added 
to the Triton women's schedule this 
season. 

The Varsity Invitational Regatta 
will be in Sacramento on Apr. 25. 
Both teams compete at an invita-
tional on May 2, against schools 
including Santa Oara and Long 
Beach State. 

PAS T A 
DA&.Y DAILY Dinner Specials 

mellllk5 5/"Qd "nd g"'Uc brelld 
Lunch Specials $379 Ntw/PmQMl $379 MON.-TUE.-SPAGHE1TJ 
Pizza or Soup. Wed.-RJwio/i . } $479 
Silld, Sandwich, Thurs.-Maarolll 
l'asta-Mix or Fri,/Sat.-Ftttllcci,.e Chicken ............... 58.99 
match Illy 2 Swl.-LASIIgIIII .................................... SS.79 

La Jolla Colony. 7748 Regents Rd. • ..... 7Iee 
STUDEr-.T DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE ,OR LARGE r~RTIES 

c:ontInI* from pa&e 14 
1be UCSD 'B' team, sup-

posedly the lower half of the 
team, finished in third place, 
ahead of every other entrant's 
first leam except Claremont's. 
"That result just shows you 
how deep our team is," said 
UCSD Head Coach Mike 
Wydra. 

1be win broughl UCSD its 
third college division trophy 
in the last four years. 

Individually, Moe's two-
day total of 157 was good 
enough for second place be-
hind Oaremont's Tom Isaak 
who shot a 151. 

UCSD placed six in the top 
II finishers. 

Moe's wilUling shot came 
on the final hole of the second 
day of play. Playing with 
Claremont's Bryan Beasely, 
Moe was trailing him all after-
noon until the 17th hole. 

It was at the fateful 17th 
that thedooropened for UCSD. 

Moe managed to hit par for 
the hole, but Beasely double-
bogeyed setting Moe up for 
the chance to win it all with his 
chip on 18. 

r Win A Trip ~ 
For~ 
to: 

San Frandsco 

IUSAir l 
llSAir begins with you 

Enter the FlEE drawing and 
find out about special student 
airfares on USAir 

Wednesday, March II 
at: 

Council Travel 

SPORTS 15 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

• k • : Buy one Coo ie : 
: get the 2nd one : 

i FREE! i 
• • • With Ihis coupon. Not valid with orry other oller. Speciol~ Cookies nol incuded. • 

UCSD students, faculty and staR always 
get 1 0% off cookies (with valid I.D.) 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
Mon-lhurs & Sunday . lOam· 9pm 

fri-Sat ... lOam ·11 pm 
STUDY GROUPS WELCOMEDI 

8935 Towne Centre Dr. 
453-8656 

POSTERS 
18" X 24" as low 

as$2.~ ~~ 
with our 

ZOOAfER 
Also available ... 

Astrobright Posters (18" x 24") & Banners (18" 11: 48") 
Zoomer avail4ble iIllAJol1JJ & 

Oceanside Iocatwns only. 

457 -377 5 La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 

483-1852 Pacific Beach 
1834 Gamet Avenue 

10 Locations in San Diego County 

klnko'S· 
the copy center 
It] ~ 
Free Pick-Up & Delivery 

()PEN 24 HOURS 
• Brakes I~ Pl,.SUUSlSO£NSION . ·si~u~~-UP =t:: 

1_ . Front Ends EHCltfTAS 
I~ $PECIAL TY eEM TERS· Alignments 
r FOUR:WHEEL ""1l FREE ~~ENT [ Front Wheel oriv;1 
1 i! ·1 Service $5995 1 1 BRAKE 1 Computerized I Special perbool I 
I SPECIAL I Front End $2495 1 c.=e::,.~~~ I $6995 Alignment mO§lcor, L-a:. ... ~Expor.:.3I= -t 1 I .:=:=:~~ r-Strut Package 1 moll CArS I slims I ~ .. - . I Special I 

.n...n .. w....., 1 Alklboulow 1 I 1 ..... peOIWId __ • __ 'ow·., ..... 1Ig1IIMIIt. Gas cartridges (pair) 
E """ltIdcNnl'cIIId< h (T=:'-~f) -I $11995 1 fRE _cytondIf.cIIId< ___ _ 

pASS tor 2 =: ~.:::.... Front End Super SIruIs (pair) lOw as 1 
#01 ... , ... ..",;. I Alignment 1 $15995 1 
ifoRE :c...== 1 & 4-Tlre $1995 1..-....".,·F'MIIignntfII I 
... - _Fiw..... Rotation .... ....",..- .... r-::a. (-... ~ 1 r .... CI'IIy. _ ... (rudoI L- _:. ~ _ ... 
-.. EJp.3I1W2 a.! '":. ~ ~3I=-~ Tune-up $ 951 

a-.... - - - _r-" $4495 & oil chanae 44 011 Change I4-WheeI I 'i--~== Pt! 1 
I COmpuIerIacI AIIIIM*It 1 a:::::: ~ idIt opnd I 1 Specla - : ...... -1 5« __ 1..... '5C1101V,,,,*",_OIm 

lIW. up .. 5~ ~~ I I::.t.,lJbI- If> 1 1$1495 ofV_._ I aho1Isl_stX~L ' _~~ 
L -. Exp. l'l$t2. • Expm 3I1s.v1 . • ..,.., Exp. 3I1s.v1. .J _____ 116. _____ .1. ____ _ 

• SuIpension lifts • Body llftI and lowering. Availlble 
Miramar Auto Center E Winston Square 
6696 Minnar Rd. #1 .. 3112 Midway Dr. #D 

558-8562 ~,'on -Frl 5 d m ·5 p m 223-2248 S~I 8 J m 4 p m 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FelTlintne ImtatlOn and ~dling? Joseph F 
Kennedy. M.D .. and Harris Clinical 
Development are IHIinO a new cream for 
treating vaQlI'IItIS. Women with symptoms 
of vagtnaJ diac:naroe. irrQtlOn. ilching. and 
burrnng may be eltglble to participate. Five 
olflC8 vlSllS are required during the 50week 
study perOld. A oompIeIe phySICal exam IS 
proVIded al no charge and .tudy-related 
cate Is free. Those completing !he lIudy 
wUI be paid $150. For further infotmatlon. 
call Pippa Tayfor RN at (619) 455-7520 
belween9a.m. and 4 p.m. MondaytlYough 
Friday. (319·4116) 
Questions about cults on campus? Call/ 
conlac!: cun Awareness Netwotk (312) 
267-TTT7. or NetionaJ Office CAN. 242t 
W. Pratt Blvd .. St . 1173. Chicago. IL 
60645. Sponsor. Unded Campus Ministry 
(319-3112) 
DISSERTATION WORKSHOPS. Stuck In 
the plocess? For wril1en Infonnation or 
$chedullng call 692-0966 Postgraduate 
Group. (1130-3112) 

The e 
adverti ers make you 

feel right ai home with 
recession-bu ling. UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thank for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 
Falrmal(s ..................... 222-()22O 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ................ 587-3680 
aJ's Plua .................... 455-0662 
Daily's ........................ ..453-1112 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Heidi's .......................... 450-3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Papachlno's ................. 546-7666 
Royal Thai CUisine ....... 456-2063 
Stratford Coffee House 481-8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Aulo ............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ................... ........ 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Cosla Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair. PB ........... 273-2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
Essence Salon ...... ....... 453-94n 
We Care Hair ........ ....... 587 -cun 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455.{)9()9 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1658 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Royalty Nails ................ 483-6188 

UCSD HEALTH a FITNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 2n -8255 
Betng Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Classical Eye ........ ....... 452-7374 
UC Cyctery ................... 452-8842 
Dr. McDonald. Opt. ...... 279-5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussef, D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS .459-5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSDETC_ 
Audiofile ....................... 459-FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 2n-6744 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per J5 words is $1 for 
studems (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and s/aft. and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person_ Deadlines are 3 p_m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p .rn . Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, !AloLla, CA 92093-03J6_AcluoJ address: Student CenlerA, top floor. 

ASIC) INTERNSHIPSI Get a head start lor 
summer and fallopportunrties in San Diego. 
Pick up applicahons nowl Gaon work 
experience and job skills In 
communlCatoons, economies. englneerong. 
law/politICS, buSiness. biology and health 
and much more. Proce Center 3rd floor, 
room 3 303 534-.4689. (319·31\2) 
Country Time Lease a Horse -10-yr-old 
Arab gelding named -Ace." Dlessage or 
tratl Call 27()'5695. (319) 
Skr Jackson Hole over SprIng break Wlth 
the Radocally Inchned SkI Clubl Call 534· 
4482. (312-3112) 
ATTENTION I Do you have work 
e.penence within your major or area 01 
Interest? Do you know what your career 
goals are? Do you know how to wnte a 
marketable resume? If not. how are you 
goIng to hnd a JOb atter8raduatlon? Let the 
A.S. INTERNSHtP FFICE help you 
befole It'S too late I Pick up apphcations 
now for summer and lall opportunities in 
San Diego. Pnce Center. 3rd floor, Room 
3 303. Calf 534-.4689. (315-3/9) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST -light blue Levi's jean Jackel. size 
medium. Reward. Call 634-1064. (319-31 
12) 
LOST_atch at Belly Up on Koala Night. 
Reward. great sentimental value. Rich 792-
5878. (319·3/12) 

SERVICES 
Word Processing/editing. Repons & 
manuscnpts. 1 0 yrs profeSsional editing! 
typing experience. Sheri 457-0763. (312-31 
12) 
WORD PROCESSING-Student papers. 
resumes. laserprinting,spel1check.$2.501 
OS page. Experienced. Reliable . Input! 
Output 587-0080. (2124-3112) 
Having a bad hair day? Calt "The Cure-
haircuts - men $1 0. women $1 5. For an 
appointment call ~. (1121-3112) 
Word Proc.sslnglTyping: Acad.mic 
manuacript.. papera. the.... leiter., 
resume • . Accuratellast 1«vIoe. Mary Ann 
452-9439. (213..r.z) 
Olga BIri - EIectrotogisI: 1200 10 1500 han per hour. 3256 Holiday Court Student 
discooots. 558-46441226-1962. (116-3112) 

PASSPORT PICTURES I New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95. While you walt. Xeroxes and 
more. Near SI. Germarn·s. 452-9949 (9/ 
23-614) 
RESUMESIWORD PROCESSING We'lI 
gIve your documents style I Also - desktop 
publiShIng and training. Pages Plus 452-
1240. (312-4/13) 
PIANO LESSONS can be runl Patoent. 
experienced. local teach r All levels 
welcome. Joan Kurland. 457-8065 (2113-
319) 

LEARN TO FLY. Make a dream come true 
- Call Ken at 686·1672. (319-3/12) 
Need help punlng together a professional 
looking resume? Student resume service 
IS a studenl run organizatIOn that can create 
a resume for you based on the lormat 
recommended by Fortune 500 recruiters 
for only $10. OVernight service available. 
Call Peter at 453-7570. (315-412) 

FOR SALE 
GT MIn bike. 18spd Shima no. Exage rack! 
bags slICks, dips. Owner 5·t 0-. $250. 534-
3119 W, 543-1344 H. (319-3112) 
SPRINGlishere. How about a motorcycle? 
Honda 750, 1979. $500. Joe 688-0914. (31 
9) 
BRAND new Schwinn exercise bike. great 
condition. bike while you study in your 
dorm. $100. 45501678. (319) 
Chemi.tTy book. solutions manual. study 
guide (6A·68-6C); also calculus book and 
solutions (2A-2B-2C). NewI587·1105. (31 
9·3112) 
Moving salel Great 21- color Sony wilh 
remale only $175. Plus desk and primer 
table $30, booksheH $10. Call and come 
by for these and other Sluff. 558-9217. (31 
9-3112) 
Moving sale: 4 piece bedroom set. coffee 
table . chairs. Best offer. 558-5949. (319) 
Forsale:One way ticket to Oakland leaving 
Saturday Mardl 21 at 6:15 p.m. $30 abo 
Call Mike at 458-1826. (319) 
Takara-Advantage whit. 12-.p.ed 
dlromolyalloyframeNewKevlarretnlon:ed 
lir •• tubal, pedals. pada. Onty $120. 
Aln10lt brand MW p;or.. 6-dIIc: c:hangef 
with ax & 32tl8Ck prog. Mull MIl. Sacrifict 
only $180 abo. Call John (619)558-781 0. 
(319) 

A quick.food restaurant designed to serve you 
fresh, healthy, lowfat food daily! 

1986 Mazda AX7. 5 speed. 2+2. ONlY 
24,300 "'L£S. $7.850; Robea: eve & 
weekend 450-3040; day 534-3552. (319) 
King sized head·board set w/light bridge-
$225; 2 twin beds w/ corner lable. frames 
and spread - exelnt COndition $235; oak 
wall un~ for stero. deskorwhatever$210. 
Roberta eve & weekend 450-3040; day 
534-3552. (319) 
"'rticket for sale, S.D. to Washington. DC-
Baltimore I way 3128. malel1emale S175. 
755-0986. (319) 
Must setlt Hardly used. year old. Combi 
cycle EX80, exerCise machine. Value-
Sl000. Selling for S600 000. Call 587-
1413. (3/9-3/12) 
BlKEI-Women's Murray H)-speed. Good 
oonditJon. $60. Call Lea 455-0031 . (312-319) 
1991 Kawasaki 550 jet ski, great condition. 
Must sell $2,9000b0 Frad. Move fastl4550 
1678 (319) 
Kenwood Car Stereo. KRC-353. High 
power. tapa advance and more. $1100b0 
Joel 457·3668. (312-3112) 
Guitar:acoustic steel string perfect condition. 
Brand ~. $75. 452-2085. (2124-319) 
CHEAPr FBIIU.S. SEIZED. 89 Mercedes 
$200. 86 VW $50. 87 Mercedes $100. 65 
Mustang $50. dloose from thousands 
stanlng $25. FREE 24-hour recording 
reveals details 80 1-379-2929. Copyright 
ICA34KJC. (2118-3112) 
Must sell 1980 VW Rabbit. Fuel injection. 
Great condition. $1500 abo. CaM .54-.4966 
momings/afternoons. (119-3112) 
Kawasaki 1990 Twin Vulcan - 500 cc 
cruiser. cendy apple rad, great condition, 
reliable. below blue bookl Just tuned. new 
rear tire. $2250 helmet and reflective ves1 
included. KarIIMary 739-9287. (2127-3112) 
HewIeIt Packard 28S graphic scientific 
caIcuIaIor. Pertorms derivatives, integrllI. 
Manuals included. $1 00 abo. Chris 455-
5691 . (319-416) 
Twin bed. Practically new. only used for 8 
mos. Very good conditlon: $45 Call 455-
5317. (319-3112) 
LUAU TICKETS FOR SALE I Come to 
Hanohano 0uIrIgger Canoe Club'. 11th 
annual luau at c.mptand on the Bay in 
P.atic Beach. Saturday. April • from 2-1 0 
p.m. $12.50 lndudesdinnlr.1II1I8r1afnmenI 
and dancing. c.l1 Robin .. 270-9220 tor 
rnorw information. (319-412) 

"'Work in~ 
Britain & 
Ireland 
1III,.Itr. 

FI'icIay,Mlrch 13 
1:30pm -1:30pm 
Intcm'Cutu 

C.ferenc.loom 
-Wok LEG.A.l.lY 

-~ types d py.: casu!l cIld 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587-8600 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270·3680 
Video Gatlery ............... 452-1766 

I 
I Buy any entree salad or sandwich and you will receive a 

il 
" I 
I 
I 
I 

C&'ftf rclGl«f. 
-Expeiencc cIlOIheJ cUUc fran 

tI'rt~ 
-Flexibillly cIld dlOIce )QJ choose 

yaI JOO cJ1d Iocdia1 The Bean Bag Man ...... 578-5745 
Futons 4 Less .............. 578-5745 
St. Germain'S ............... 455-1414 

I 
I 
I 
L 

FREE FRESH SQUEEZED 
SPARKLING LEMONADE 

Off .. j!OO.l with those_. Exr"~ March t1.1992. 

Renaissance Towne Cmm OPEN DAILY AT 11 AM 
8915 Tuw.,., Qnr", Drivt. Suite 10J 453-1112 

I 3ted ~hinJ UTe ntxt to RubIO' 

-.J 

~ IItMnIIion 011 "frtrolltlltr rdMwr 
5 _b Iftsh Slldts PlOY"" It 

Trirify u~ ",Dtb\in. 

DOIIT MISS rIIISI 
5",o '.>v l.J ~ t lI.f 

.' 't.' j' (' 'J (\.· ... ·L'J"j'· L' 
(nu r J ,-;,l/"t,YnJr '1,' 
[due dOOnJ EAch~ng" 

Monday, March 9,1992 

'87 Maza AX-7. whIe. bUll nenor, 2+2. 50 
~SIrIOOf.newns, carCt:Ner. aIatm.ong 
owner. SOI<"*t. S7250. 274-3504. (:W) 

30 gallon hsh tank for sale. lully loaded 
Call for further Inlo. 558-0028. (319-3112) 
1970 Yellow VW Bug. E.callentcond. New 
transmiuion (3·921) 40.000 miles $2,200 
(neg) 528-9530. (319-3112) 
HAW~ sell two round trip tickets. 
LAX 10 Honolulu 3121-3128_ S300 each 
(paid $339) . Adriana 534-45811275-
1485_. (319-3112) 
PERSIAN KITTEN: silver chinchilla lemale. 
papers avail ., 6 mos. box trained. S200 
abo 551 -9387. (319-3112) 
1968 Plymouth Valiant - runs ok ... great 
surf sled. V.A. project. Best offer, Enc 739-
1994. (319) 
Round!", ticket SO-SF. Leaving 3125-
returning 3/28. $981obo. Call Amy 793· 
1863. (319-3/12) 
Plane TIcket. SO to SF 3122-3126. S60 
roundtrip. Heather 558-7536. (3Is.3112) 
Computer - Epson Apex 20 MegHd 
Wordperf. Lotus 123. Dbase. HarvGrav. 
Extras SII00. TIITlOthy 27()'3090. (315-319) 
GUitar. PAS CE Bo~-on . Vintage Sunburst 
maple top. rosewood ftngerboard. With 
case. S700 or best oHer; cash only. Paul. 
28t-9862. (3/5-3112) 

WANTED 
Experienced . energetic person for 
occasional eveningiweekend sitting. Two 
children. La Jolla area. Transponation and 
references required. 456-6281 . (312-3112) 
Photographers : inlerested in having your 
work published for campaign publicity? 
Contact Jenny Dean 2n-1992. (319) 
Bass Player and Drummer wanted 10 
complete AliernativeiHard Rock Band. Call 
Man 558-6929. (319-3112) 
CDs.cassenes. VHSmovies. Top SS paid. 
MuSic Trader. 7094 Miramar Ad. 693-1469. 
(1127-3112) 
Women volunteers needed for study on 
adaptation to life events. Answer 
questionnaires at home. Compensated for 
time. 943-1789. Leave name. number. and 
be51 time to call you. (315) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted. Share largest 2 
bedroomapl. walklOUCSD. PooI,jacuzzi. 
gym. Hans 578-8946. (3/9-3112) 
Female roommates: for master rm. UTC. 
Beautiful large condo. All appliances. 
Private parking. pool, near Vons and bus 
stopt. Can lor special deal on Mardl rentl 
Cori, Lila 452-6465/546-9081. (3/9-3112) 
3 + BRiI SA house. La .lola. Wood floors, 
yard. Near beach, bus, YiIage. $12601rno. 
+ dep. 456-9523. (319-3112) 
Muter bedroom available in beautiful La 
Jolla Colony condo; attached garage; 
laundry; shared spKefulytumilhed; pool! 
spa; looking for quiet. ,..,...,.. .. male 
roommalelhrough June: S4751mo + 112 
uti!: 558-2688. (3/9-3112) 
Room lor ,.. in ~ La JoIa condo. 
Young. '" ~. Pool, jKuzzi, 552-
3465. (319) 

AoomrnaIa lor tpring "** wned. Have 
own roomtor$3OOm1o. in3 becr1bllhcondo. 
Female wRId. Cal 69548. l.oaIIed in 
~~ -- (319-3112) 
ROOIT1ITIIIe wanted. two rooms available. 
near UTC. call anytime. Wlllherldryer. 
trlencly 1ImOIphere. $345. 558-2456. (21 
27-3112) 

Dar KrisIen. 
Leaving Kenya and 
now undenbnd ·Out 
of Africa-. Saw 16 ele-
phants Ind three prides 
of lion on the way to 

N~goro Crater. 
Bnnging photos to 
prove. Dan, sports 
anchor on the nightly 
student news, and I 
both tIwlk '/ou for 
faxing the big game 
IICXft. He was psychedl 

• Way togo. You finally 
finished your applica-
tion. LOve the essay 
about India you faxed. 
Sealtlta • Sea wiD too. 
If you have questions 
can them at ~ 
0195. 

Love, 
Brian 

Monday, March 9,1992 

DEL MA~uge muter bedroom In hou... f.w b10ckl from beach with 
ocaanvIew; privalabalhroom and ........ 
waaharldryerlrefrigerator/etc. Available 
spring quarter. DoubI8 occupancy-S257/ 
HcMnonIh. 2~151 . (319-3112) 
Female roommate wanted for spring 
quarter. Sharelumlshed master bedroom. 
Two miles south 01 CIIfIllUS, pool and 
jacuzzi, washer, dryer. dilhwuher. $2501 
mo. + 1/4 utUities. Cal Shaman I' 457-
3797 or 452-149t . (319-3112) 
Roommat. wanled 10 wre DeI .... beactr 

~. Neer UCSO and bnc:h. Nicel $385. 
793-1295. (319-3112) 
Spacious master becioom fot rent near 
UVSquar._ 1 personI$55OImo.or2l$275/ 
mo. Spring quarter only. Close 10 campus. 
457-1250. (:W-3112) 
RoommaIe warud. $25Oimo. + 113 utitities. 
Pool, .",.. coun. ape, aauna. Uzzie. 
Doma or Joann 457-42711. (312-3112) 
ROQMMATE WANTEDt Del Marapl .• own 
bedroom, own bathroom. $415/mo .• 112 
utitities, furnished. 259-8297. (312-3112) 
Solana Beach 3 bed. 2 112 balh. wash/dry, 
gar •. pooI.Iir~. retrig,ete. Available 
4 Spring Quart .... 3125-6130. Only $10501 
month. C811793-o517. (2113-3112) 
LA JOLLA W of 1-5. near UCSD. Fum! 
unturn SUMY bdrm and studio &pts from 
$590. 24-hour security. patios.1)eJconles, 
BBOs. BY TRADER JOE'S, BUS STOP, 
SHOPPING. 452-8850. (312-1312) 
Quiet. considerate. non-smoking graduate 
stoJdent wants same: share 2nd ttoor. S. 
Mesa Around March 9. SJ03lmo. Josh 
452-7257. (312-3112) 
Female roommate wanted to share 
lurnished master bedroom for spring 
quarter. Close to campus. pool. jacuzzi, 
washer/dryer. $280/mo. includes utilities. 
587-0188. (2124-3112) 
Rent a room: 5 min from campus, pool, hot 
tub. must see to believe. 457-8541 . (2127-
3112) 
Roommate wanted . Share 3 bed 
apartment. UTC area. Only S200lmonthl 
Grad preferred. CaN 558-2154. (2127-319) 
ROOMMATE WANTED in beautiful house 
In Hilk:resl. CIoI8 to free shunlebus to 
campus. Rent is $290 + 114 utilities. Large 
yard , washer. dryer, porch. cool 
roommates. Call 296-8445 or 534·n99. 
(31503112) 
Male 10 share large master bedrcom in 
roomyOet Mar house. $25OImonth. STEve 
45501064. (3/5-3112) 

EMPLOYMENT 
BEACH LIFEGUARD. Salary $9.74Ihr. 
t,:UST be 17 yrs. by 616192 (Exempt 
1:; 8932) and astrong swimmer. Call 24-hr. 
recording for into: (619) 236-6463. City of 
San Diego EOE. (319) 
Camp counselor: Roughing 11 Day Camp 
in SF and East Bay is hiring lor summer 
19921 (51 0) 283-3878. Send resume to PO 
Box 1266 Orinda, CA 94563. (319) 
EXCEPTIONAL SU .... ER OPPOR-
TUNITY - Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrs/ 
NYC) counselorlspecialist positionS - alt 
landJwater spons. camping. computers. 
MC. radio. Write us at 55 Channel Drive. 
Pon Washington, NY 11050 or caM 516-
883-3067. (2127-4130) 

SUIIIIER IlANAGEIIENT INTER .... 
iI ... . iI .. ~:ipleoe. GalnVlklable 
.xperiela .. upedI 01 a 

~ buainIII. .... gnlAprofit 
$11.287. Laat chl/lCe lor Intervie_. 
TRIPLE 'A' STUDENT PAINTERS FOR 
INFORMATION. 1-800-394-6000. (312-31 
12) 

~inlemlobest""ngaJlhor, Why 
Man AN 'The Way They AN. Intern 
program cndI (10+ hrWk,). Exceller1t 
-.::h .... 1CnOWIedge of Word Perfecl. 
JunIor/Senior. 3.0 min. Dr. Farrell, 753-
2436. (319-3112) 
CAlIf> COUNSELORS NEEDED FOR c0-
ED. SPORTS ORIENTED CAMP IocaI8d in 

~ Pa., _ New York City. 
Clpwqafortpeei""'inbMMlbai,aocoer. 

~. deybIII. tacroue. hocII8y. lRI 
,-"IwdIIII, WSII,C*108ing. windIIdng 
lRIlIIIng. Ohr _Include pioI- i ICI 
lid lor Jpj anct canoe ~, rope course 
InIIrucIIn (his;l and low ~). and 1p8C...... in n and crafts, gymnastics, 
radeI. roc:Mo\rY lind twt:hery. 01her openings 
may be avaiIItJIe. SalarIes $1 ()().S2OQ per 
week pIu8 room, boatd.1Ind travel. We will be 

ooncIuc*1g~ nerviews on April 1. 
For informaIion and appointmenI cat or write: 
G. Lus1ig, 60 W. 66th Street, 2BA, New York, 
NY 10023;181. (212) 724-0113. (319-3112) 
SECRETARY. One-person office. Flexible 
10-15 hrstweek. Computer experience. 
Varied duties. Call 481-8829. (319-3112) 
COUNSLEORS: CAMP WAYNE. a co-ed 
children's camp. Nor1heast Pennsytvania. 
6/23-8/21192. Have the most memorable 
summer 01 your Wfel Counselors : Tennis. 
Swim, (W.S.I. preferred) Waterski. Sailing. 
Basltatball, VOlleyball. Softball . SOccer, 
Gyrmastics. Aerobics, NetureiCamping. 
Dance/Cheerleading. Guitar, Batik . 
Sculptur • • Ceramics. Painting. Silkscreen. 
Photography. Drama, Self Defense. Other 
51alf: Group Leaders (20+), General, R.N.s. 
DriverlVldeo (21 +) . Other positions 
available. On campus interviews Tues .• 
Mar. 31 . 12-6 p.m. SIGN UP AT CAREER 
SERVICES CENTER . For more 
information call (516)889-3217 or wr~e 12 
Allevard 51. Lido Beach, NY 11561 . 
INCLUDE YOUR SCHOOL PHONE 
NUMBER. (3/2-3112) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
Crulseships . Students also needed 
Christmas. Spring, and Summer lor 
Amusemem Park employment. Call (805) 
682-7555. Ext. F-3147. (212()'3130) 
Fun position for well-groomed, outgoing 
person with good moYie or video game 
knowledge. Must work weekends. Apply in 
person. West Coast Video. 8895 Towne 
Centre Dr. 453-4548. (2127-319) 
Ricksha Express is now hiring drivers. 
cooks. and management lrainees. Part 
time and full time. Flexible hours. Calt 457-

_8646between2p.m.and4p.m. (312-3112) 
Saturday girl with car - drive to market. 
library. etc. Light housework in tidy 
apartment. 453-5726. (3/5-319) 
$4O,OOOIyrI READ BOOKS and TV scripts. 
Fill out simple "like/don't like' form. EASYI 
Fun. relaxing at home, beach, vacations. 
GUARANTEED PAYCHECK. FREE 24-
hour recordirog . 801·379-2925. Copyright 
ICA34KEB. (2118-3/12) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
positions. Great benefits. Calt (805) 682· 
7555. ext. P-3387. (2120-3130) 
AIasitaJobs. Ex. $1 OOO+IWk. room. board. 
airtare. fishing, education. oil . engineering 
& more. Weekly info. ALASKEMP: (503) 
754-6051 Ext. 9 . (2/20-3130) 

The U CSD Guardian 

PERSONALS 
Math tutoring at your convenience I Call 
the Math DodOI' (Tony Craddock) at 453-
n25. (1127-31t2) 
Powder -Jacuzzi - Moosel SkI Jackson 
Hole I Call the sid club at 534-4482 for more 
information. (312-3112) 
PiKapp8. congratulations on your 3-peat 
victory of Anchorsplashl You are studsll 
Love, Delta Gamma (319) 
Delta Gamma thanks alt who supponed 
Anchorsplash I We had a blast I Hope you 
did tool (319) 
Wanted : More subjects for brain-wave 
experiment. Must be right-handed and a 
native English speaker. Leave message at 
453-4160 x42O. $5Ihr. (319) 
COOL TYE DYES. Custom made shirts 
and walthangings with the colors and 
designs you pick. $1().$15 per shirt. I will 
also TEACH you the an. Call Clint 549-
2768. (319-416) 
Hey, Smooth Talker. don't sing me such 
sweet songs and not deliver. Next time, I'll 
be waiting on the runway. Throttle forward. 
full speed ahead. Hillbilly Hazel. (319) 
ZB - You can't qun, you're Ilredl Love. 
Winnerboy (319) 

Got a gripe? 
Gripped by the fear? 

Think you know 
better? 

Then write a letter to the editor. 
Drop your leiter at the Guardian 
offices on the second floor of the 
Old Sludent Center, or mail ilto: 

OpInion Editor 
9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 

Ut Jolla, CA 92092-0316 
Leners should be typed, double-
spaced and mllsl jl/elude a namc 
and phone number. Wrilers will be 
contacled to verify identity. We 
reserve lhe righl to edil for length 
and clariry. 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies evaluat-
ing medications are available to 
people 18 or older suffering from 
depre8llion.Symptom8incJudesad-
ness, fatigue, lOll of interest in 
daily activities. changes in 81eep 
and weight. hopelessnees, and 
indecision. Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free m~dication.lab 
tests. physicals and psychiatric 
evaluations. Small travel pay-
ment offered. Can for a confi-
dential evaluation. 

[J{ftj = 554-0100 

CLASSIFIED S 17 

The MeAT is coming to San Diego this September. 

Hyperlearning (455-1000) 
The MeAT Review Course (456-4848) 
Stanley H . Kaplan (277-6744) 
The Princeton Review (695-9952) 
and Ronkin (587-8600) 
all have prep programs for this test. 

Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for a course, 
call around and ~et the facts. Best of all, ask yow friends. 
We have several hundred recent students who are on-campus 
at UCSD. How many hours were in your course? What were the 
credentials of your instructors? Was teaching their exclusive, full-
time responsibility? How large were your classes? How many 
passage-style problems did you cover? How many testing hours? 
How many essays did you write? How many were professinnJllly 
critiqued and scored? Let me s« )lour materials! 
When learning complex skills, it is our position that you need 
extensive personal contact with real experts in small classes. 

Included in ow program: 
Over 130 hours of in-class problem solving and review. 
The best instructors in their fields, with advanced degrees 
in their specialty, and years of fun-time teaching experience. 
Neyer more tlwt 24 students in any class. 
FOUl days i week over twelve weeks. 
Two full weeks of MeAT testing and analysis, 
More than 1.600 pages of focused reyiew materials. 
All subjects reviewed simultaneously rather than serially. 
Well paced prestudy, in-class, and homework activities. 

OUl classes start June 20th, Call for additional inforrpation. 

0\\ ~":::ay ~hings comel!~~d,"POff yOU Just ca"'f 
you, d,yc1ean;ng. P;ckup live .. ,-6" 
groceries. Do your banking. Your &"~ 0 
dieting. Your art framing . And ._. 
never move your car. ...~ 

If you' re hungry for ClI1 all-you-
cCln-eat treat, come to the Soup 
he ....... Pick Mc .. _ltI'. with 
plClyland to keep everyone in the 
family happy. To sCltisfy your 
craving for a good book, ~hop 
1ook.I.r. Looking for a guod 
buy? Th. Me .. '. W .. rho • •• ,·vill 
~uit you fine. And all the comforts 
of home, are waiting at PI.r 1 
I .. port •. 

For all those everyday things 
that usuCllly take 10 trips. take a 
shortcut instead . Easier living is 
right cHound-the corner. 

At Co ta Verde. 
Corner of Genesee & 
La Jolla Vill,)ge Drive. 
-+58-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 



18 SPOllTS 

M.HOOP 
ConIIIIuecI ..... ,... 20 

The Kingsmen' s 6-6,230-pound 
centerSimon O'Donnell got his team 
on the board first as he nailed a shot 
from the left perimeter. 

But the Tritons quickly found 
their rhythm as well. When Chris 
Moore answered O' Donnell with a 

I~footerofhisown,theconte thad 
the makings of a real grudge match. 

The see aw bailie continued 
Ihroughoutthe first half as the lead 
changed hands six times. 

UCSD led briefly early on, as 
John Spence nailed an 18-footer 
from the top of lhe key to put hi 
leam up by one, 4-3. 

The lead would belong to the 
Kingsmen for mo t of the way 
through the first period. 

The Tritons managed to stay 
close, however, and CLU never 
grabbed more than a fi ve-pointedge. 

CalLutheran' bigmen.specifi-
cally O·Donnell. made it tough for 
UCSD to work inside. The Triton ' 
Rick Ball was consi tently fru -
trolled. but still managed to knock in 
nine points for the first half. 

The Tritons managed to regain 
the lead once more. With 37 sec-
onds left in the half, Darvin Iackson 
stole the ball and drove the length of 
thecourt. The 5-9 point guard pushed 
his way in ide forthe deuce, to give 
UCSD a slim 31 -29 advantage. 

CLU' sJeffdeLaveaga answered 
Jackson with a three-pointer just 
seconds later as the Kingsmen re-
gained the lead. But deLaveaga, the 
nation's leading scorer, averaging 
29 ppg, wasn't finished. 

The 64 guard turned and fired 
from three-point country once more 
and gave Cal Lutheran a 35-31 lead 
when his shot swished through as 
the buzzer went off ending the half. 

He went on to nail 6 of II treys 
en route to 32 points on the evening 
to lead all scorers. 

TheKingsmenhitl20f29 hot • 
.414. in the half, while the Tritons 
remained even, putting in 140f34, 
. 412. 

nungs appeared to be picking 
up for the Tritons as they came out 
in the second half. Battquicklycon-
verted two foul hots before Spence 
hit a three-pointer from the left 
baseline to put UCSD back up by 
one,36-35. 

Thing quickly began to go 
downhill for the Tritons after that. 

The Kingsmen managed to tie 
the score and a three-footer by 
O'Donnell put them back in the 
lead. Paul Tapp canned a three-
pointer for CLU to give hi team a 
five-point lead. 4843. Slowly, but 
urely. Cal Lutheran began to open 

up the game. 
The Triton, sensing the game 

slipping away, began to take poor 
shot which only fueled the 
Kingsmen's fITC. 

With4: I Oremaining in thegame, 
and Cal Lutheran up by eight, 63-
55, the King men's Kelly Crosby 
argued a foul call and was slapped 
with a technical. 

Spence missed both free th.row 
attempts before Moore made his 
two. 

After Jackson missed a trey, a.U 
went on alear, grabbing an II-point 
lead, 68-57, before gliding to the 

The UCSD Guardian 

18-point victory. 
The Tritons shot jusl36 percent 

for the game. Spence led the Tritons 
with 20 points and 10 rebounds. 
Ban also pulled down 10 and c0n-
tributed 14 in the losing effon. 

A fru trated Marshall said that 
the two-week layoff hurt his team. 

"We haven't played anybody in 
two weeks ... and we haven't played 
thi level of competition in four 
weeks," Marshall said . 

The absence of Andy Swindall, 
who went down earlier this season 
with a knee injury , again t 
O' Donnell in the middle was a ma-
jor factor as well. 

Jackson attributed the loss to a 
lack of focus on the part of the 
Tritons. "I thought we had more 
experience than that," he said. "We 
played in spurts ... you' ve got to put 
two things together and play 40 
minutes of good basketball." 

"[The King men] were ready, 
they came out here, they hustled, 
they played hard . .. they earned the 
game." Marshall said. 

"We can play better basketball," 
Marshall added. "We didn't win 22 
games playing like we did." 

Marshall also credited the Cal 
Lutheran defense as a key in the 
game. 

The Kingsmen 's deLaveaga said 
he knew that his team could win and 
that its road experience helped the 
players. "We knew that if we could 
just play hard we'd beaJl right," he 
said. 

Cal Lutheran will go on to play 
Otterbein in the round of 16. 
Otterbein defeated Wooster Satur-
day night, 91 -88. 

Softball Marches to Victory 
• Tritons take both 
games of doubleheader 
again t Cal Bapti t, 
winning 7-0, 8-0 
By Grece Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD softball team hit its 
stride Saturday at Cal Bapti t. Now 
it just has to hope it can keep march-
ing along. In sweeping the double-
header againstthe Lancers 7-0, 8-0, 
the Tritons finally found the offen-
siveoutput that they have been miss-
ing for most of their season. 

With Dianna Moreno on the 
mound for game one, the Triton 
kept the focus on their hitting. And 
hit they did. rocking the Cal Baptist 
pitchers 12 times. 

Freshman Teri Zuniga led the 
way for UCSD. going 4 for 4 in the 
game while leading the team with 
three RBI's. 

Three other Tritons went 2 for 3 
in the first game including Lisa 
Mora, Melissa MlWlIlCt and Emily 
Rubin. Mazanet also brought home 
three of the UCSD runs. 

UCSD Head Coach Melissa 
Jarrell at last received the offense 
he was looking for from her team. 

"We finally decided to hit today. 
Our defense has been good, we just 
needed to start hitting the bal!." 

Jarrell planned a urprise for 
game two, putting Kim Stutzman 
on the mound instead of usual starter 
Lacie Mounger. 

Stutzman proved to be up to the 
challenge, limiting the Lancers to 
four hits scattered over her com-
plete game effon. 

Zuniga again led the way for the 
Tritons offensively. going two for 
three (rom the plate and scoring 
twice. 

UCSD was able to score its eight 
runs on only five hits, with the help 

DII1 McOoINlJ~ 
Emily Rubin (left) went two for three in game one against Cal Baptist. 
of three errors and a couple of wild helped out its pitcher. "We scored 
pitches on Cal Baptist's part. "We runs for her, and that made her a 
did a good job on the bases, with lime more secure. She stayed re-
some very aggressive running," laxed and didn't get too cautious," 
Jarrell said. JarreD said. 

Stutzman proved to be a surprise 1be 15 runs and 17 hits on the 
as a starter. "She needed anopponu- afternoon let Jarrell relax, too. "We 
nily to play, but she is bener as a hit the way we're capable of, and 
reliever than a starter. We could thai's what we were looking for," 
have put somebody else in there Jarrell said. "'Ibis was our best two 
anytime, but she just did a great back-uHlIIck g.nes we've had this 
job," Jarrell explained. year. Now, we just have to keep it 

UCSD's volley of runs also up." 

MondaY. Marth 9, 1992 

o.,~~ 

Chris Moore drives the baseline against cal Lutheran's Paul Tapp. 

MISSING 
ContInued from PICe 20 
turned in the second half, as he 
pounded the ball inside for some 
key points in the late going, finish-
ing with 18 on the night. 

Many of those I 8 came when the 
Tritons were trying to get back in 
the game. but couldn't stop the 
Kingsmen's attack.. 

Swindall'spresencewasmissed 
on the offensive end of the court as 
well. 

The Tritons' offense depends on 
rotations and the team has not been 
as comfortable with Swindall's re-
placement, Brad Halte, as it was 
with Swindall. 

"Swindall would have helped us 
a lot in ourrocations, especially when 
Chris Moore got into foul trouble 
early. You need that extra horse in 
the middle so you can get the guards 

CARD 
ContInued ......... 20 
of the "Tomahawk Chop." Protests 
could be seen at every game, and the 
Braves' organization IIIVlOWlCCId that 
it would investigate changing the 
name of the team at the end of the 
season. 

Now I'm not supporting nor am 
I condemning teams or organiza-
tions that derive their mascot from 
Native Americans. What I am con-
demning is Th~ Or~gonian's posi-
tion to do so. 

Th~ Or~gonian is a newspaper. 
It has a duty to present non-biased, 
objective reports, on what, where, 
and when an event took place_It has 
an obligation to the conununity to 
remain unopinicnated when others 
aren't. 

In deciding to take this stance. 
Th~ Oregoniim acted irresponsibly. 

If orpnil.atiom whic:h use N. 
tive Americans as Iheir mascOIS 
begin 10 see that as neplive and 
they begin 10 chm&e. then thai', 

going. We missed Swindall,but it's 
not an excuse," said UCSD Head 
Coach Tom Marshall. 

Having not played a game in two 
weeks, the Tritons were bound to be 
rusty. No one on the team really 
knew how out of sync they would be 
however. 

"We just weren't sharp. They 
didn' t do anything fancy, we just 
weren 'tsharp," said Rodney Lusain. 

Darvin Jackson agreed with his 
teammate, "The first half. J thought 
itwasjustnervousjitters. We played 
in spurts, wecouldn 't pullwothings 
together." 

'1lte two week. layoff definitely 
hurt us,no doubt about it," explained 
Marshall. "We haven't played a 
game in two weeks, and we haven't 
played this level of opponent in four 
weeks. But there's nothing youcan 
do about it, you just have to go out 
there and play," 

their decision to make. If Eastern 
Michigan changes its name, then 
newspapers will change with it, not 
the other way around. 

Newspapers should not be 
policy-makers. and that's exactly 
what The Oregonian is attempting 
to do in this situation. 

How far will it go? Will The 
Oregonian begin to refuse to print 
names of teams like the Baltimore 
Orioles and the Toronto Blue Jays 
because the ASPCA argues that it is 
a negative portrayal of animals? 

The decision is not one for the 
press to make. 

As thesportseditorofThtGlMII'd-
ian, I will continue 10 print the names 
of teams like the F10rida Seminoles 
- not because I agree or disagree 
with how this masc:ot is used. but 
because that's what it is.)t isn't my 
place to change that. If a change 
comeseventually. then) will change 
with it. 

In the meantime, Tomahawk 
Chop to your heart's COI1Ient.I·m a 
Dodgen fan .. yway. 

Monday. March 9, 1992 

1992 AIUCSD IUCllOIU 
CALlNDAR 
...... D .... 

3/4 • 3/6, a.oo _ • 4.00 .... 
3/9 • 3/13, a.oo _ • 4aOO .... 

3/30, a.oo _ • 4.00 .. 
AI l.e ... l_ ,'a Olllce, PrIce c. ••• , 

31'11 .... 

un ... ro PlU .""" MAIfCII 30 

CAU. 534-... 51 POll MOB 
IlIRHIMAftOll ••• 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Floor 
Come and get involved!! 

VEGETARIAN RECIPES 
... are wanted by the Earth Day Coalition. We're 

looking for some tasty, healthy recipes for our Earth Day 
Newspaper in April. Drop the recipes through the slots in 
our office window. That's in the Student Center above 
Soft Reserves. room 208 
CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 

DARK CIRCLE 
Nuclear oonger ill the absellce of nuclear war 
Friday, March 13,7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 -
FREE 

AS STUDENT ADVOCATE OFFICE 
-Accessible and effective re ource for helping 
students solve administrative problems. 
Monday - Friday, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 
Third Floor Price Center 
Contact your Student Advocate. Monica Copado at 
534-4450 -- we can make a difference 

UNIVERSITY TOASTMASTERS 
PUBLIC SPEAKING WORKSHOP/CLUB 
Meet Tuesdays, 5:30 - 7:00 pm 
MAAC Conference Room II I-A (South of 
University Bookstore) 

AS PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
MEETING 
Every Tuesday, 4:00 pm 
Conference Room #8 

CULTURE QUEST 
Come help spend S I 0,000 
Every Thursday, 1:00 pm 
Conference Room #8, Price Center 

ATI'ENTION: 
If you are1nterested in participating in the Chicano/ 
Latino Graduation, please sign up in the MEChA 
Office or call 534-4994. 
CommittccmcctsThursdayat 4:00pm in the MEChA 
Office. This year the ceremony will be on Friday,June 
12th. 
Everyone is welcome. 

CIRCLE K CLUB AT UCSD 
GENERAL MEETING 
Monday, March 9, 7:00 pm 
PH 102 
Weare a community and school service organization 
leadership skills and fellowhip. 

FSSI 
LUNCH 
Spring Quarter: April J and April 8,11:30-2:30 pm 
Patio behind Round Table Pizza 
loin Faculty, Staff, and other students each Wednes 
day for lunch. 

The UCSD Guardian 

ASUCSD Spring Quarter Film Series 
Thursdays and Fridays at the Price Center Theater 

Only $1.00! 

Cape Fear Thursday, April 2 
Father of the Bride Thursday, April 9 
J.F.K. Thursday, April 16* Friday, April 17 * 
Star Trek VI Thursday, April 23 Friday, April 24 
Bugsy Thursday, April 30 Friday, May 1 
Rush Thursday, May 7 Friday, May 8 
The Inner Circle Thursday, May 14 
The Hand that Rocks the Cradle Thursday, May 21 
Beauty and the Beast Thursday, May 28 Friday, May 29 
Juice Thursday, J nne 4 Friday, J nne 5 

Tickets available at the UCSD Box Office or at the door 
All shows are at 6:30 pm, 9:00 pm, and 11:30 pm 

* Except J.F.K., at 6:00 pm and 9:45 pm 

ASIAN YOUTH OUTREACH PROJECT 
VOLUNTEER MEETING 
Tuesday, March 10, 7:00 Fm 
Davis/Riverside Room, Price Center 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
DISNEYLAND TRIP 
Saturday. April II . 8:30 am-9:00pm 
Meet at International Ct!nter at 8:30 am 
Sign-up & pay in advance at Ihe International 

19 

Do you like kids? Want to make a difference? 
Come to find out how you can help. - $30/licket transportal ion included. Limiled sign-

ups. 

2 NIGHTS !!!! 

THURSDAY AND FRIDAY 
PRICE CENTER THEATRE 

6:30911:30, ONLY ONE DOLLAR 

ASUCSD PUBLIC RELATIONS 
COMMITTEE ... 

MEETING ... 
EVERYTUESDAYATS:OO PM ... 

PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICE, lRD 
FLOOR PRICE CENTER ... 

EVERYONE ISWELCOME! 
HELPOUTWITHTHE PRODUCTION 
OFTHEASNEWSPAPER, 
AUTHORIZED PROPAGANDA, 
PUBLICITYOFA,S. EVENTS,AND 
MUCHMORE ... 

CALL S.J4-44S0 FOR MORE 
INFORMATION ... 

A TASTE O· THE IRISH 
Monday. March 9. 6:30 pm 
International Center Lounge 
See slides of Ireland. tasle Irish coffee, and enjoy 
scone~ . 
Free. All welcome. 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Are you interested in VOlunteering but jUM 

don't ahve the time? Come join us in the "Hands On 
San Diego·' Volunteer Program. It'b only for one day 
and ther.:'s lots of issues that you can choose to 
participate in , like Homelessness. woelters, and 
Literacy. The event is on April II. 1992. Come by or 
give us a call if you are intereMed!!! 

Olso a resource for you to find a wide range of 
one day and on-going volunteer oPPoriunitie . If you 
would like to find out more infomlation come by and 
see us! The Volunteer Connection is open 9-5, M-F. 
We are located on the third tloor of the Price Center. 
rm 3.302. and our phone number is 534-1414. 

AS NEWSFLASHES i, produced by Ihe A" ociatcd 
SlUdenlS of UCSD. To have an advertlscmenl placed III AS 
NEWS FLASHES. pick up a roml outside the AS Seeretary's 
door. 3rd noor Price Center. Deadline is every Wedne dayal 
noon. AdVcni ernen! are subJccl (0 spa c availabililY 



20 SPORTS 

A II SPRINGTIME -TIlE TIME OF year for the great Ameri-can pastime. 
It' Ihe time of year for lhe 

sweet mell of fre hly-cut gras 
and well-oiled leather, the hatter 
of excited children clamoring for 
their heroes, the taste of good old-
fashioned hOI dogs and ice cream, 
and of course, politics. 

That's right. I'm talking about 
Maj r Leagu Baseball's spring 
tmining. 

BUll gues I really houldn'l 
single out baseball as a spot of 
political controversy. I just seem 
to have il on my mind. It seems 
Ihal rhe Or('!:olliall does too. 

You see, the Portland-based 
paper announced recently that 
starting thi ason, it will refuse 
to print the names of any teams 
thai use Native Americans as their 
mascot. 

That' right - no more 
Atlanta Braves or Cleveland 
indians. These teams will merely 
be referred 10 as Atlanta and 
Cleveland. No mention of the 
name of their mascot will ever 
cross the pages of the paper. 

That goes for all spons -
college b ketball, professional 
football, et . 

NOW OPINIONS differ as 10 whether or not the use of 
team names connected with 
Native Americans i appropriate 
or nol. More and more athletic 
teams around the country have 
begun 10 wre tie with the idea as 
10 whether or nol Ihey hould 
keep these names and what the 
significan e is. 

Some, like Easlem Michigan 
niversity, have already begun to 

take action. Last season, the 
university decided that its mascot, 
the Huron, was a slap in the face 
to Native Americans, and changed 
it! mascot to the Emu (catch the 
pun), a small flightless bird. 

Recently, the University of 
Illinois has come under fire for its 
mascot - Chief Dliniwek. 

Chief miniwek is a U of I 
tudent, currently a Caucasian, 

who dre es as an Indian chief and 
doe a war dance trying to fire up 
the fans. Native Americans in the 
area again argue that this i an 
extremely negative portrayal of 
their heritage and wish the mascot 
eliminated. 

F ANS AND Sl\J0EJI(fS argue that thi i n't the case. They 're 
howing school spirit, they assert, 

and the fact that an indian Chief i 
used as a symbol for that enthusi-
asm, doesn 't mean that they have 
any bias toward Native Ameri-
cans. 

And of course we all remem-
ber the controversy urrounding 
the Atlanta Brave and the 1991 
World Serie . 

Native Americans a ro the 
nation abhorred the fact that fans so 
wholeheartedly embraced the use 

See CARD, Page 18 

SPORTS 
Tbc UCSD Guardian Monday, March 9,1992 

~CAA DI\~IO~ III MEr-. ~ ll,\""ETBAlL CHA\1PIO ... "HIP 

March Madness Tame for UCSD 
• Mistakes frustrate Tritons as 
they fall to Cal Lutheran 88-70 in . 
their third meeting of the season 
By Ken PeItmM 
Sports Editor 

When the 1992 NCAA Division m basketball 
toumamenl bids were announced last week, UCSD 
Head Coach Tom Marshall was pleased - he 
was also a little nervous. 

"Nobody likes to playa tearn three times," he 
said at the time. Now, Marshall has found out how 
true that i . 

The UCSDmen's basketball team tooleon Cal 
Lutheran in the second round of the NCAA 
Division DI tournament on Saturday for the third 
time this season, and carne away with some les -
than-pleasing results. 

In what has become unfamiliar territory for 
UCSD, the Tritons came out on the losing end as 
they fell to CLU 88-70 at the Main Gym. 

The Triton , who fini hed the season 22-5, 
entered the game ranked third in the nation and in 
the midst of a 17-game win streak. That record 
meant very little in the end. 

"We weren't focused. We did not get into 
sync," Marshall said. "We did some bonehead 
tuff." 

Watching the opening minutes of the game, it 
might have been easy to believe the blowout. 

While neither tearn could get on the board, the 
Tritons turned the ball over three times, commit-
ted three fouls, and missed three hots. 

Rick Batt's 14 points were not enough to power UCSD past seconcJ.round opponent CLU. See M. HOOP, Page 18 

Tritons Can't Find Missing Links 
• Lo s of Swindall and two 
weeks off both worked against 
UCSD' Divi ion ill title hopes 
By Grea Wrenn 

pointed out two keys to the disastrou UCSD 
result: the 10 of Andy Swindall and a two-
week layoff from competition. 

The absence of Swindall, a 6-6, 225-pound 
center who tore a knee ligament on Feb. 6, was 
literally a big difference. Swindall's size made 
him the only player who could match up with 
CLU's 6-6, 230-pound Simon O'Donnell. 

Associate Sports Editor 
What went wrong? 
That' the que tion the UCSD players, 

fan and coaches were asking themselves 
after Cal Lutheran's 88-70 upset. of the third-
ranked Tritons. 

Maybe the question should have been: 
what didn't go wrong? 

UCSDtried tocoverO'OooneU using Rick ' 
Batt, with Brad Halte always looking to come 
over and help with a double-team. However, 
Ban and Halte couldn't slow down CLU's big 
man. 

Despite the numerou factors in the 10 , 
the players and coaches from both team 

It was O'Donnell to whom the Kingsmen 
See MISSING, Page 18 Tom Marshall wondered what went wrong. 

Women's Tennis Rebounds Against Point Loma 
• Tritons get strong play 
from both singles and 
doubles in 8-1 victory. 
By Chris Regnier 
Associate Sports Editor 

After coming off two straight 
losses to tough Divi ion I squads, 
the UCSD women's tennis team 
was hungry for a win against Point 
Lorna Nazarene College on Thurs-
day. The Triton got it. and in a big 
way, as they clobbered the Crusad-
ers 8-1. 

Going into the match, UCSD 
Head Coach Liz LaPlante expected 
the most competitive matches to 
come at the top singles po itions, 
and the Crusaders' lack of depth to 
how in the matche further down 

the ladder. 
She was correct - the only win 

the Crusaders could muster against 
the Tritons came at the number two 
ingles pot, with Monica Oancy 

downing Carla Nicolas in traight 
sets, 6-3, 6-1. 

In number one singles, UCSD's 

Robyn Inaba dropped Kelly Massa 
by the same score as in Nicolas's 
match. 

LaPlante pointed to Inaba' s ag-
gressive playas a major reason for 
her success. 

"She knows to win at number 
one he needs to attack more," 
LaPlante said. 

LaPlante said lhata TaCket change 
has helpedlnaba to hit the baI I harder 
and makehermoreeffectivein uch 
areas as attacking her opponent's 
second serve. 

Diane Chandler, playing num-
ber three single for the Tritons, 
took care oflGm Wright in straight 
sets, 6-4, 7-5. 

AI the number four singles spot, 
UCSD' Amanda Lynch had little 
trouble with Angie Arias as Lynch 
won 6-3, 6-0. 

Catherine Yim, on the other hand, 
had to go three sets in her number 
five singles match with Tiffany 
Pucken before coming out on top, 
6-1,2-6,7-5. 

In the number six singles match, 

o..ltIi:DaIIIt~ 
Robyn Inabawon her match &-3, &-1 in the Tritons' win over the Crusaders. 
tbeTritons' Birdie Gessfordcoosted 6-{), 3-6, 6-3. 
to a 6-2, 6-1 victory over Christa Chandler and Lynch. playing in 
Stutz. the number two slot for the Tritons, 

lndoubles, Michelle Wilbur and ousted Wright and Arias, 6-2, 6-3. 
NicoleHousetcamedupatthenum- At number three, UCSD's Yim 
her one spot for UCSD and won in and Gessford put Puckett and Stutz 
threesetsagainstOancyandMassa, See W. TD ... , Pace 13 

March 9, 1992 



S2iSi~ACLE 

, (tr 
4. ' 
" ~-, ' ,-.-

<:) 
M 

Monday, M~J2 

...... t's in a Name? 
How the colleges got their names, and what it all means, anyway 

BY DEBRA BRONSTEIN , STAff WRITER 

Francis Bacon wrote, "A good name is like a precious ointment; it fillelh all around 
about, and wi II nOi easily away; for the odors of ointments are more durable than those of 

of unknown craftsmen, so the building of the univer.>ity was a cause in which modem illen 
could lose and find themselves. In edUQtion. the university. liL.e the cathedr.11. should serve 
in appropriate ways human beings of all ages and conditions. not simply a privileged nowers." 

At UCSD the name endures. flourishes and pcrsi ts. For 
three colleges, Revelle, John Muir and Warren, the 
name of the college plays an integral pan in the 
college's ideology. Whether stressing breadth and 
diversifiemion. the wildemess and independent 
judgement, or personal freedom and individual rights, 
the college itself derives its essential philosophy from 
its founder. 

UCSD opened its doors to undergraduates in 1964, 
and tudenls enrolled in it first college, the School of 

eienee and Engineering, later renamed in honor of Dr. 
Roger Randall Dougan Revelle. Revelle. who was born 
in 1909. attend d Pomona College and received his 
B.A. in geology. 

In 1931, while laking graduate course at UC 
Berkeley. he was invited by T. Wayland Vaughan, 
Direclor of the Scripps Institution of Ocean grol-
phy (SIO) to ~tudy deep-sea mud. After 
receiving his doctorate, he retumed to SIO to 
teuch. 

Believing thut SIO c uld not continue to 
thrive for more 111:10 a gener.lti n without 
being ... tached to a rcM:arch university. 
Revelle appealed 10 the Regents of Ihe 

Unive~ily of ulifomiu to e~tublbh 
an ther campul> in ~uthem ulifomia. 

After combatting much ppo~ition from 
Regent membe~, Reve lle'~ initiative w~ . 
finully approved in 1959. Revelle. main-
wining that a university h:ld to be built by 
"laying the roof fiN." per.-uaded such 
eminent ~icnti ,t~ ... , I-Iar Id Urey. a Nobel 
Prize winner. JOl>eph Mayer Maria 
Goeppen Nayer (who woulLi later become a 
Nobel laureate). and David B nner. He. 
along with the new faculty. began to devbe an 
educational pl:m of the cmnpul> which ~ t re~l>ed 
the co llege l>y~ tem . 

"The unive~ity wa, Ihe modem counterpan of 
the medieval cathedral. rbing in the he.m f the 
city and lifting th ~p irit~ of man, ~erving their 

a\pir.lIion~ :Ind bringing reality to their 
ideal),," Revelle l>tated. "The university mu~t 
be diver.-c: lil..e a cathedml. it l>h uld have 
many chapel~. Ju~t ... ~ the building of the 
cathedral ab~orlx:d the L1evotion .lIld skill 

AVIUlble It CIlllPU. Ind Ioc.1 bookllOr81 

S 1 r.1·\ R T ,'J ': P H t: S ~, 

gencmtion. " 
According to current Revelle Provost F: Thomas BonJ, " Revellc was 

definitely a man who was ahead of the times. He wa~ a finn believer 

Ron GaclZlGuiman 
Page headers by Rene BlucknellGuaraan 

OUR 
WALLS 

ARE 
TALKING 
011) You KNOW? 

11,e "nAI U,ltery " ,n ,Ill' I,,·. ,ro 
"(11.,11.,, I'.IIk. 
~I )I\ I " U:Ph.trl fllf ,I t.lllnpl..:h: 

new ... huw every (Ive Wl.'l'k... 
E., h ~,llIh" "JurI,,1 hy " d,((ere'" 

prufL"lun,11 ,I rll, l , l. .. ralnr. ,In 
Ulfll.. I'" h: .. Jlcr. 

St lA I "(fe,, d' .... '.IOII'oJ ye.orly 
lIu':l1Ihcr.J1 '(h tu f"II "llIn • 

,!lfiic"" ... , .,ty lS . 
( .. 1I114 · 5'I~(, 1",,,,,,."'-r.N/,.,~J~",,," ­

told I"m w\ ~1f#1lI' tlltt '('\C.'III""I . 
fnoloy March n. 7.9,. .... 

in a libcml educalion, and held that studenL~ should notl>pccialize 
as undergmduates but ~hould get a broad liberal ans 

education regardless of their majors." 
11lc curriculum relleets Revelle's emphasis 

upon a merging of the sciences aOO the 
uns. "Revelle always thought thut 

the scienti st should know the 
humanities and a foreign 
language and the humanist 
should know the scicnces:' 
Bond sa id. 

In<.It:eLl. when the 
college was lirst estah-
lished. the foreign 
. language requirement W'I~ 

rigorous. Students wen.: 
required 10 take two 
years of a foreign 
language and then 
enroll in one d.L\S ill 

. their major tauglit ill 
that language. I low-
ever, thil> idea wal> 
abandoned due to the 
lack of major d ...... ~s 
taught in other lan-
guages. 

"Revelle was very 
tmined in tht: da~sics. 
I II: was bmadly educated 
(Illd wa~ not an expc I1 at 

anything:' Bond said. This attitudl.' 
can be reflected in the fCquin:lllenl of a non-

contiguou:-. minor. " We want the l>tudents to do their l>JJCcial-
izution at gmduate school. Hen:. Wl.' wan I students 101\:.1111 
~omcthing other than their major. but we don't want them tll 
do it cafeteria Myle. They ~houlLi not be taking one COut':'>C 
from here and mlOiher from thefC," he explained. 

Roger Revelle's innuencc cannot only he seen inlhe 
curriculum. hut in the manner in which h' interacted with the 
campus. In 1975 he returned to UCSD 10 accepl a pll~iti()n a)' 

Profe~sor of Science and Public Policy. "Revdlc W,l, very 
See NAMES, Page S3 

NAMES 
ContInued flam ..... 52 
active at UCSD. Not only did he 
teach courses, but he attended 
many banquets, and came to the 
fre hman orientations and 
seminars. Sometimes he would 
meet with students and go to their 
house for dinner." 

Every year, in order to 
honor Revelle, the 

and the students. When the 
college was first being planned, 
the architect. Dale Naegle, sat 
down with students to design the 
dorms. 

"We wanted to avoid the 
fratemi ty/ orority house . and 
needed some kind of ub titute. It 
was the tudent who came up 

" 

with nature. Although The 
Wilderness and Human Values 
course is no longer a pan of the 
UCSD curriculum. its influence is 
not lost. Students who took this 
class grouped together and staned 
the Environmental House. 

Like Revelle and Muir. the 
name~ke of Warren College has 

much impa t upon the 
'ollege it:elf. According 
to Provost David W ng, 

college threw a binhday 
bash. But ince hi death 
on July 15,199 I, the 
college has to deal with 
the quandary of how to 
celebnue his achieve-

The university. like the cathedral, should 
serve in appropriate ways human beings 
of all ages and conditions, not simply a 

"the naming f the 
college w~ not as 
exten ive ... ., the naming 
of Third ollege. We 
had, in the beginning, 
very few students and 

ments. 
" ow that he's gone, 

what do we do?" Bond 
asked. "He alway said 
that he didn ' t want any 
sign or buildings named 
after him. So right now 
we are trying to decide how to 
commemorate him. Perhap we 
may have a symposium. some-
thing like the birthday bash." 

Unlike Revelle college, the 
namesakes of 101m Muir College 
and Warren College had no direct 
relationship with UCSD, but urn 
up the educational ideology that 
the colleges wish to impart to their 
students. 

John Muir College, originally 
Second College, admit-
ted its first freshman 
class in 1967. When it 

privileged generation. 

" ROGER REVELLE 
UCSD Founder 

with the idea of separating the 
dorms into houses and uites. It 
was a radical conception to have 
tudents help plan the dorms." 

The importance of independent 
judgment, according to Stuart. can 
also be seen in the amount of 
choices that students are allowed 
when devi ing a schedule. 

"The students are obliged to 
spread their course out aero s 
certain areas to achieve both 

" 

facull and there~ reo a 
relutively small group to 
fonn a committee to 
propose nam~~. 

Earl Warren College 
opened in 1974. and was 
nanled in response to the 

committee's desire that the 
college 'hould re!lect the values 
of preparing one for society. 

"Warren was a man who had a 
strong, even obsessive. commit-
ment to serving society. and this is 
why we named the college after 
him." 

Warren was dedicated to 
public service. He served as 
govemor of Califomia for three 
terms, whence he founded the 

State Depanment of 
Mental Hygiene . 
est(lblished the Board of 

came time to name the 
college, several names 
were suggested: 
Stevenson, Melville, 
JFK, Eleanor Roosevelt. 
But. according to 10hn 
Stuan, Muir's first 

Warren was a man who had a strong. 
even obsessive. commitment to serving 
SOCiety, and this is why we named the 

college after him. 

Correction ,and 
introduced many prison 
refonns under the 
Prisoner Rehabilitation 
Act. 

While governor, 
Warren became an ex-
officio member of the 
UC Board of Regents for 
II years. 

provost, "none of these 
names attracted a 
following. ] had been 
hiking the John Muir 
Trail, and thought, 'Why 
don't we name the 
college after Muir?' ]t was 
approved by the regents on the 
condition that we called the 
college John Muir, since there 
existed a Muir College in Pasa-
dena." 

John Muir was bom in 1838 in 
Scotland and emigrated to the 
United Stales when he was II 
years old.. Muir was a famous 
writer and early conservationist. 
He explored the Sierra Nevada 
and established Yosemite 
National Parl" 

"He was a very 
impol1ant figure in 
envirorunental studies 
and conservation and led 

" DAVID WONG 
Warren Provost 

breadth and depth, but in the end. 
they decide what courses they will 
take." 

One course, the Wildemess 
and Human Values class, which 
unfortunately ran out of resources 
several years ago, allowed 
students to exen:isc their indepen-
dent judgement, while exploring 
the relationship between humans 
and the wilderness. 

"Muir looked to nature as a 
great source of moral values. He 
saw humans as a part of !he 

" 

Warren was then 
appointed chief ju tice of 
the Supreme Coun and 

devoted himself to defending civil 
and human rights. 

Wong explained that the 
college tried to reflect Warren's 
dedication to society in the 
curriculum: "Warren' belief in 
personal freedoms can be seen in 
the mandatory Ethics and Society 
class. in which students explore 
contemporary legal and ethical 
issues." 

However, unlike Revelle and 
Muir College. Wong thought that 
students don 't identify with the 

founder, but with the 
general education 
requirements. 

the way to awaken 
America to the impor-
tance of nature," Stuart 
said.. 

The curriculum and 
philosophy of the 

He [Muir] was a very important figure in 
environmental studies and conservation 
and led the way to awaken America to 

the importance of nature, 

"Students don't really 
relate to Earl Warren. To 
them he is a mythical 
historical figure about 
whom they don' t know 
much. We don ' t give the 
students an exposition 
about Warren; thus. there 
exists no personal tie 
between the students and 
the name." 

college, in Stuan's 
opinion, reflccts the 
values of John Muir. He 
was very interested in the 
humanities. He was an 
"omnivorous reader and 
prolific writer. He was full of 
intellectual curiosity and advo-
cated independent judgement. He 
was a very active public figure in 
CaJifomia," Stuan said. 

According to Stuart. Muir 
Colleae respects John Muir's 
emphasis upon independcnc 
judpmenl. 15 CIII be seen in the 
ret.bonIhip between Ihe college 

" JOHN STUART 
Former Muir Provost 

democracy of living things," 
commented Stuart. 

This class enabled the students 
10 "examine their own values." 
Students had to do something 
relating to the enviromnent. and 
then were asked 10 evaluate their 
motives. In the end. everyone had 
to take a fivc-day backpacking trip 
to question !heir own relalionship 

But whether the 
students identify with the 

name or with the curriculum, the 
name endures. In any event, 
Roger Revelle. John Muir and 
Earl Warren, in the words of 
Virgil, "As long as rivers hall run 
down to the sea. or shadows touch 
the mountain slopes, or stars gaze 
in the vault oflleaven. so long 
shall your honor, your name, your 
praises endure." 

.. prldO 

R 

Pastries Baked Fresh All Day 

SYSrtME 

@ (!J tJ ill CUTS 
By TAWNYA oF 

ESSENCE SALON 
only $11~. 
include~ : ~hampoo & precisicn haircut 

blow dry and styling $4 extra 

.cBIOLAGE. HiLites & Perms (including haircut) $45 By WIIIIIrtx' 
3251 HOUDAY COURT, sum 201 LA JOUA 453 9477 
Above St. Germain's Liquor & Deli • 

ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

SP ORT SANDALS REEF 
M EN-W OMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEA THER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
lfI SAHDflLE 
3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 
488-1134 

:.;~' ,.,;: , 

29th Year 
Guadalajara Summer Session 

June 26 - July 31,1992 
Courses fully accredited by the Westem Association of Schoots and Cotteges 
(WASC). Spanish language at all levels, Bi-tingual ar.d Special Education 
including ESL and Reading Education, Art, Economics,Hispanic Studies, 
History. Folk Dance, Uterature. Guitar, Political Science, Cross·Cultural 
Studies. Tuition: $600 fQr 1-8 undergraduate units. $640 for 1-8 graduate 
unils. Four credit Mini Sessions: $400. Room and board in a Mexican Host 
Home: $650. Apartment and Hotel accommodations available. 

For information: 
Guadalajara Summer Session, University of San Diego, Alcalfl Park, San 
Diego. CA 92110-2492, (619) 260-4598. 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff T enning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------~~~!~,~ning for $ 3 5 
MUll pmenl ih;lCoupcIl. E. p J/2Jf92 

Please ask abouf our other services such as manicures and hair core! 

--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 21.4 
Son Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558'; 1858 



4 , 

The post~modem condition is one where image is 
privileged over substance, surface over depth - and 
everything is robbed of its history and meaning. Sound 
familiar? Then join us as we tour ... 

COMMENTS BY 
BRE TT RHYNE , SPECTACLE EDITOR 

~ The mirrored 
fat;ade on 
Mandell Weiss 
robs images of 
their depth. while 
at the same time 
reflecting reality, 
not presenting it. 

• Third College, called 
such because of its 
emphasis on attracting 
altemative students and 
studying alternative 
cultures. has the same 
demographic breakdown 
as any other college. 

the post modern 
lZlliversity 

-+ These prison-like apartments 
are aptly named for the former 
governor of California and Chief 
Justice of the Supreme Court. 

~ • ~ An iconic Central Library 
seems to be designed not to 
hold books and not to provide 
study space. but to look good on 
letterhead. 

-+ Jerusalem marble 
fronts the Price 
Center. replacing a 
religious pilgrimage 
with a consumerist 
one. 

~ 
~ndaY, March 9, 

~ An annihilated eucalyptus 
grove is remembered by the 
Stuart Collection . 



e - ( .. , .. ~ ~-:;, , 4':"4> 
COME WITH US THIS SUMMER! 

EIA·ABRUD 
A SUMMER STUDY PROGRAM 

cum frII n liNt ucllllrlYi·_ 
,.,.as. Grat itIIliIll rasalii 

,as -II Y. ern caIege creitl 

• WASHINGTON DCI 
• EGYPT LONDON 
• GERMANY • ENGLAND/FRANCE: 
• JAPAN OLYMPIC ATNESS 
• MEXICO AND NUTRITION 
• RUSSIA 
• SPAIN • LONDOII/PARIS: 
• INDIA FASHION 

7250 Mesa CoUege Drive 
San Diego. Calilornia 92111 

fI fREf IrIIt e .-
tm~ "'*" _ ita cal: 

The "Sun" Is always shining at ~( 
3251 Holiday Ct. 'Ii. &.. 455 09.:.--rO· , 
1/204 rim .an call • (near UCSO) • , 
2 TANS $1 * One for you , one fo r a friend 

· FI,.t time clients only with this coupon 

~~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call tor delalls • 2nd 30 tan days $39 99 

---lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a ttemporary water loss • Reduce cellullt8 and stretch mar1<s 

The Age of Romance and Opulence 
gives way to the 20th century 

Conductors 
Thomas Nee, orcllestra - David Chase, chorus 

Brahms - Two Choral Quartets, opus 112 
Wolf· italian Serenade 

Webern - Entflleht auf Lelchten K'hnen 
Webern • Slow Movement for String Quartet 

Schoenberg - Friede auf Erden 
Mahler - Symphony NO.9 

1st and 3rd movements 

SAT., MARCH 14·8:00 PM 
SUN., MARCH 15 • 3:00 PM 

UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 
$5-$10, UCSD Box Office, 

Ticketmaster & at the door. 
Telephone: 534-4637 

~JI « ~ ~-- ~ , , " CSDG Mooday, 2 
Going Undergraund 

Theater undergrads are acting pretty feisty 
BY KARA SA Ul , STAFF WRITER 

Last pring a new organization 
was bom to aid undergroduate 
interested in theater. Th group. 
called Undergraund. i the brain-
child of Ivan Talijanci . a Third 
College sophomore majonng in 
Theater. 

When he first anived to UCSD. 
Talijancic suid he went looking for 
a club in which those de,iring 
theatrical pursuit 
could vent their 
talents. There were 
no organizations 
that catered to thi 
type of individual. 
Talijancic refused 
to give into the 
myth that a first-
year could not 
make an impact on 
campus: he tarled 
Underground to 
evoke the creative 
forces from the 
undergrads of 
UCS D. 

Kevin 
McLnughlin, 
Publici ty Coordina-
torof 
Underground, said, 
"[TIle grou p J is 
there to help 
'tudents help 
themselves. " 

Every aspect of 
the performances 
that are produced are entirely 
' wdent-run. From actor to director 
to set and costume designers. all 
efforts are of creative tUdent 
who want to participate in theater. 

Talijancic emphasized that 
everyone i welcome to assist in a 
production. There is no require-
ment lhat participants be Theater 
majors - in fact, Mclaughlin 
joined the organization because he 
was "just interested in theater in 
general ." 

Anyone who wants to become 
a part of a production is encour-
aged to join. Talijancic described 
the club as "a really good creative 
outlet for people." 

McLnughlin has already 
leamed valuable in ight to the 
theater. "It has shown me that 
there i. a lot more to theater than 
just acting on stage. The behind-

the-scenes work, the publicity, the 
renting of the rooms . .. there is 
more to a show than what the 
average audience member sees." 

Talijancic feels the Theater 
Depanment's emphasis is on the 
graduate program. It was not until 
the fall of 1991 that undergradu-
ate were invited to participate in 
theater productions."lbe under-
graduate program is going through 
lots of changes," Talijancic said. "I 
think. that there is a good effort 

being put out by the faculty and 
the department to make it work 
better. .• !though Tal ijancic 
a cepts that the Theater Depart-
ment ha. limited ources and time 
to give to all who want to 
participate, he said, "I still think 
that the undergroduates can do 
m re." 

Those who share in the 
Underground expen-
en 'e have a generoul> 
amoum of room to 
work. There is no 
administration to 
hinder members of the 
cast and crew. 

Confined economi-
cally, Talijancic S<lid 
the group "really 
pu 'hes you to be 
creative." 

Undergr.lund is in 
the process of working 
to expand its income. 
Originally, Talijancic 
financed the plays 
from his own pocket. 
Presemly. . 
Underground is funded 
entirely by the 
Associated Students 
(A.S.). With the 
money it acquires 
from the A.S., it may 
rent campus equip-
ment, pay royalties 
and post fliers. A the 

organization grows, materials are 
needed for costumes and props 
from other sources. 

Underground 's next project is 
titled "Blue Window" and was 
written by Craig Lucus. Auditions 
will be held at 8 p.m. in Galbraith 
Hall 126 (Studio A). All interested 
students should contact 
Undergraund at their office in the 
Price Center. Talijaocic said, " If 
you want to do something, you 
just gotta do it!" 

KAPLAN 
TEST PREP 
, We Set The 

Standard ... ~ 
You Set The Pace. 

K:ipl;m offers the only individualized test prep 
COUr.il"S in the country. 1t> hdp you achieve your 
highc:st score. we set the staml:ml and will work 
with rOll to custumize a progr.lm that beS( suits 
your !Xrsonalllttd~. 

Kaplan COllrses begin witb )'Ou! 
• Stlrt \'Our l"OUr.ie the Ua\' mu cnmll with profc~'iionally stnlftured: up·to·the·minute 

hotnr-s(udy material'i 
• Sc( rour own pace and strengthen wl~.lknessrs 

with unJimill-d access (0 our TEST-N-TAPE 
Lc:trning Lth 

• Dynamic lin: c1assl'S with hjghl~' 4ualified 
in'itnlc(ors 

------~f CAT I G l\L-\'T 
GRE/LSAT 

I STANLEY H. KAPLAN 
'" EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD. 
r ""1 ~ N ........ fAIoorIIIuoIIIl..., lid 

• Pcr.sonal :mcntion with extrJ help tutorial 
~"s''iions 

• CSt.' of I)" K:iplan ermers nationwide 
• Speci:ll rt"1lt"Jt policy (ask for details) 
• Scholarship assistance (if qualified) 

Enroll nou'! Call your nC'JfI."St K:iplan Center (ow)', 
or call toll-free: 
J-800-KAP-TEST 

CLASSES STARTING NOWI 
4780 CIaIrtmont MIla BMI. 

S. ,CA 92117 .277-6744 

- .- ,·"-'''----''''''''1 I I 

,,>- e , 1) - ~ m {I~ ~.f' ' . ( -.f'· ; M "" ch 9,1992 .... . TA~7 CSD Guai-).li- .. SPE 
Relief Pitcher? 

The Bullseye Tavern doesn't seem to make many appearances 
BY ER ICA MA IENSCHEIN,CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The Triton Pub has long been closed and replaced by 
the Bullseye Tavern. While the TGs were still frequent, 
convenient and popular, the wave of protest against the 
"new pub" died relatively quickly. The campus still had a 
relaxed, social outlet in the TGs. Now, most first-year 
students do not know what a TG is, and only seniors 
remember the Triton Pub. 

The Bullseye Tavern has become the only place on 
campus to accommodate student ' desire to unwind after 
class with some friends and some beers. Students, how-
ever, are dissatisfied with the only cart:lpus establisluneot 
serving alcohol. Rather than doing anything about thi 
discontent, UCSD social life is moving entirely off 
campu ,away from the new Pub. 

"It is just not a pub. It's Round Table Pizza." lamented 
Mindy Robinson, a Fifth College senior. Almost all 
students interviewed echoed this sentiment. "Acceptable" 
ranked as the highest compliment paid the new pub, while 
many expressed outright disgust. 

"This is ju t a big franchise," observed Revelle senior 
Mona Saint, who, while she admitted that she frequents the 
Bullseye for lunch, she almost never drinks or hangs out 
there. 

Summarizing what the new pub lacks, Warren senior 
Brian Biers commented, "lbere's just not the same spirit 
here as there was at the old pub. This doesn ' t keep tudents 
happy, it's just here to fill a purpose. Everyone would be 
upset if there wasn't someplace on campus that serves 
alcohol." 

What is to be done? Muir senior John Rochez expresses 

• b:Iudes: Roundtrip cruise 
for two adults aboard the 
luxury ocean liner, N.V. 
racific Star Jrom San 
Diego, Calif. to Mexico, 
along with <\ days and 3 
nights ocean view hotel 
accommodations at the Hotd Paraiso la 

r~ while in Ensenada, Mexico. 
• Convenient port departure 6 times weekly, every week of year. 
• TIckets valid for I year from date of purchase, transferable. 
• $529 retail yalue. • DRnlfti AGE 18 ., I'DICO. 

ORDER nowl 
onlY 50 1kbIs ..... ,. ea ........... fI ......... Tripi 

1-800-444-5]64 
GRfI"D ISLA"D VACATIOIIS 

II'.lT DAY Va ... 1bd 
Scnk:c. 1IdIds MNd .... 
n ..... Pt*nlE.Ipna 

~ CAD. Sr:nIu. 

CALL 
10·8 
r .5.1. 

Roger KuoIGuwtfan 

hope: "If they [Bullseye-Tavern] could just get people in 
here one night during the week, it would catch on and 
people would start coming here." 

Vickie Albright, manager of Bull eye Tavem, admitted 
a "slight" drop in busine since the TGs stopped. An 
earlier, more sparse crowd now enjoys the pub, usually 
staying between 3 p.m. and 6 :30 p.m. Albright mentioned 
the new "It's Friday" (LF.) music event, which takes pIa e 
every Friday between 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. The I.F .• begun by 
a group of students who DJ, take requests and give away 
prize , respond to student needs. 

Student suggestions for improvement varied. The 
prevalent idea was luring tudents in during the week with 
inexpen ive food and drink., and maybe some live music. 

Other improvements in the store include weekday 
projects such as drink specials and music. Also coming 
soon, a Wednesday Happy Hour wi th cheap food and 
pitchers. 

Competition, such as another pub, would help, some 
tudents explained. But other tudents disagreed. 

" Nothing would help. It's just the nature of the place." 
Biers said. 

On Friday afternoons, the Triton Pub could be heard 
echoing with music and clinking pitchers, and was filled 
with throngs of students eating, drinking and being ocia\. 
Why, then, can one roll a bowling ball through the new pub 
on a Friday after c1asse ? It seems that nothing about 
Round Table draws tudents there. 

"People have other things planned by Friday. Why hang 
out at a pizza placeT' Rochez said. 

APPLY NOW 

opportunities 
into 
your 
future. 

Get 0 head 
start for 
Summer and 
Fall quarters, 
Pick up an 
application 
now. 
DEADUNE: 
Friday, 
April 24th 

A 
San Diego 
Internship 
will 
give 
you 
practical 
experience, 
valuable 
contacts, 
and 
job 
connections. 

san-diego-program 
Price Center, 3'" Floor, Room 3.303. Open M-F: 9am-4pm 

534-4689 



" . , • • tl' 

M Monday,~2 
----------------------------

~I. " .. Arena 
r~ .. ~ 

By tudents working 
together to get more 

resource fi r higher education. 

How do you think we could counteract 
the emphasis on image over education 

atUCSD? 
Photographer. Theresa Myrtle 

Jorge Coud, Warren 
Senior ---------------------------

T 
o 

I believe the 
emphasi on research 
is actually beneficial. 
Research i the 
growth of a school. 
The professors who 
emphasize re arch 
will eventually be of 
help to us tudents 

- if n t n w, then as grad tudents. 
Greg Steven, Muir 

FlCSt-ycar 
Favorite building: Central Library 

If the administration is really erious a ut 
"educati n" here, then the ' could be more 
upporrive f a1ternati\'e, multi-cultural perspec-

tive . The ocial envir nment hould be much 
richer than what it is. 

T 

Kevin Chuk ,Muir 
Senior 

Favorite building: Warren theater 

ORO 
OU§E 

Open 7am - 5pm ~f~ 7 Days a Week ~+~ 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court 'f: Del Mar 

(corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

• Homemade Soup 
• Garden Salads 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Gourmet Coffee 
• Fre h Bread 

• Cappuccino 
• Dani hes 

• Scones 

GET RELIEF .. . GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
"Since 1980, the goal of our practice has 
been to find and remove the cause of your 
health problem, rather than just symptom 
relief -- without costly drugs or surgery." 

• Student & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto, Work & Sports Injuries 
• Insurance Accepted 
• O~n Daily 9am - 7pm 

and Saturday Dr. Ken Schlussel 
Chiropractor 

CAll TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
NO·( OST INITiAl 'PINAl EXA.\I 

AND ( ON'LJL TATION 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 

located at 1-5 and la Jolla Village Drive 
across (rom Hyatt Aventine 

------

I believe image and 
education hould not 
be separate entities. 
So fur I've had a 
really good experi-
en e at UCSD in 

terms of my c1assc . My professors' 
research knowledge expand and en-
hances learning far beyond textbook 
infc rmati n. 

Lynne Dickson, Revelle 
Sophomore 

Favorite building: Powell Structural 
Lab (Vices and Virtues Building) 

UCSD has the image 
o f education being 
secondary to re-
search . The students 
need to work together in order to change 
the situation. Also, the administration 
needs to shift its focu to reflect the 
interests of the students more than those 
of the faculty. 

Michelle Carlin, ReveUe 
Junior 

Favorite building: Old Student Center 

Having a good institu-
tional image is fine, as 
long as the in titution 
deserve it. Thi place 
needs to do a better job 
of educating. Rc earch 

helps to add to what can be taught; but 
here it tends to get in the way of educa-
tion. 

Scott Schaffer, Warren 
Senior 

Favorite building: Real Student 
Center 


