
DE. .. 
a 

OPINION 

.t , I f , 
" 

MONDAY 
February 3, 1992 
Vol. 75, NO.9 

A.S. Aid to eo.op 
Fund Called Illegal 

No Shave, But a Haircut 

• Co-ops and U niver ity Coun el ch duled 
to meet today on tatu of tudent cooperative 
By Joanne Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

University ounsel an -
noun ed last week that the A 'so-
ciatedStudents' (A.S.) all ation 
of a $600 donati n to the General 

tore Co-op legal defense fund 
d not confonn with university 
policy. 

In another development, the 
co-op' lawyer will meet with 
University Counsel today at I 
p.m. to negotiate a re 'olution to 
the disputed tatus of the co-op . . 

Through a letter faxed to Di-
rector of Student Government 
Randy Woodard last Wednesday, 
UniversityCoun elJoannaBeam 
tated thattheA.S. allocation vio-

lates section 35.40 of the UCSD 
Policy and Procedures Manual. 

The letter tates, "The Chan-
cellor ... may take any action to 
ensure that any activity under 
control of tudent governments i 
operated in accordance with 
sound bu ine s practice ." 

Beam said she would advise 
the UCSD admini tration against 

allowing th allocalJon. 
However, members of the 

A . . di~agreetl \ itll Beam ' ~ in-
terpretation of the PPM. 

Accord ing to A.S. ice Presi-
dent Eternal SiamaJ... Male)" , 
the money allocated i)' "" ),tu-
dent activity fee . It bcnefit~ u~ , 
we pay for it ourselve. ," 

"l!'soutrageousthat),tudent!. 
can't spend their own m ney," 
said A. . Vice President d-
mini trative Mi)..e Ilolme~. 

In Woodard's view. the main 
issue is whether or not a ~tudent 
government hm; the right to allo-
cate ib own funds. He said the 
A.S. is setting up a task f< rcc to 
look into the problem. 

According to Holmes, the 
A.S. has four options in counter-
ing the University Counsel's 
announcement: "We can go 
through the appeal proce~s. We 
can bring the ituation to Stu-
dent Legal Service, lobby the 
legi lature or 0' 'k outside legal 
counsel: I." aid. 

See FUND, Page 11 

Michael Vincent of Portfolio Hair and Beauty Works gave free haircuts , 
this one to Manny Shew, at the True Colors Community Fair yes erday. 
The fair was the last event held as part of LGBA's Awareness Week. 

Students Statewide Protest Fee Increase 
By Eric Schmidt 
Associate News Editor 

UniversityofCaliforniastudents 
from aero the tate have banded 
togetherto protestthe $550 per year 
fee increase approved by the UC 
Board of Regents two weeks ago. 

So far, over 70 student have 
been arrested during protest , and 
ix campu e have joined a hunger 
trike aimed at drawing attention to 

the fee increase. 
According to UCSD Associated 

Students Vice President Admini -
trativeMike Holmes, fees have risen 
91 percent in the last three years, 

exceeding the 10 percent yearly 
maximum increase set by state law. 

Although UC D ·tudents have 
not protested againM the fee incremie 
in particular, Holmes said the fee 
increase is ue has been incorpo-
rated into the recent battles over 
co-op right and student control of 
fee . "When we're fighting for con-
trol of student fee, we're fighting 
fori ower t udent fees [as well]," he 
said. 

Also, UCSD tudent have en-
gaged in a letter-writing campaign 
in protest of the fee hike, Holmes 
aid. Students add a few lines of text 

to the bottom of a form letter. which 
is then used for lobbying effol1s. 

Holmes e~timated that 5.000 let-
ters have been filled out. 

According to UCSD AS. 'Presi-
dent Agustin Orozco, students have 
been encouraged to write personal 
letters as well. 

At other campuses, protests have 
taken moredmstic forms. Sixty-eight 
students were arrested at UC Berke-
ley after taking over a library last 
Friday. 

nlree hundred students marched 
to Moffitt Undergraduate Library, 
but only 150 were able to get through 

campus police into the li brJ.ry. 
The library was chosen t1l> a site 

of prote~t be au~e access ha~ been 
restri ted lOonly Berkeley student~. 
faculty and staffdue to budget prob-
lems. "Accessibility to this libmry 
is a symbol of what is happening to 
the quality of education at this uni-
versity," said Peter rortier. a UC 
Berkeley senior. 

The protests followed a take-
over of a libmry at UC Santa Cruz 
the previous week. In addition. a 
building at UC Davi)' was invaded 
by students the day the fee increase 

See PROTESTS, Page 10 

Student Credit Union Slated to Close in Early March 

Guarcun File Photo 
Student Credit Union customers' accounts will revert to the 
University and State Employees' Credit Union on March 1. 

" Tucker ays credit union may office of the U.S.E. a~ of Mar. I. Lette~ 
. mailed this week to all ~tudents with 

reopen WIth new bank 'pon or Credit Union accounts will inform them 
By Francisco DeVries that their money will be tran~felTed to 
Guardian Reporter the U.S.E. with virtually no change. 

As a result of unsuccessful negotia- Wall said that it will be a "non-event" to 
tions between the UCSD Student Credit students. as they will be able to use the 
Union and the University and State Em- same checks and A TM cards. 
ployee (U.S.E.)Credit Union. the U.S.E. Student Credit Union employee and 
announced recently that it will cease to co-founder Doug Hutshings disagreed. 
back the Student Credit Union starting saying. "It's not going to be a~ conve-
March 3. nient for students. ,. He said he thinks the 

The U.S.E. informed the Student 2,500 account holders will face longer 
Credit Union employees and the univer- line at the U.S.E. office. As for the 
sity administration last week of the do- student employees of the Student Credit 
sure date. Union, "We're all out of work." 

According to U.S.E. Vice President Hutshings said. 
of Marketing Rebecca Wall, thedecision Dueto thecurrent recession. the U.S.E 
was purely economic. She said it would is no longer able to absorb the thousands 
take "four to five years for [the Student of dollars lost every month in its finan-
Credit Union] to break even. In the end it cial backingoftheStudent Credit Union. 
came down to the bottom line." Wall . aid the U.S. "has to look out for 

According to Wall, tudents holding its 40,000 other members," 
account atthe Student Credit Union will Wall also said thatthe U . . E believes 
not notice much of a change. She said thatthenewproposalofferedbyth A.S. 
that all account holders will be and the tudent founders of the Student 
"grand fathered" into the Gilman Drive See CREDIT, Page 9 



2 NEWS 

UCSD 
CI.IPS 
UCSD Ubrary to Celebtate AddtIon 
OfTwo-MlUloiith~toCoiection 

UCSD will dedicate the acquisition of its two-millionth 
volume on Tuesday, Feb. 18 at a ceremony in the Depart-
ment of Special Collections in the new addition to the 
Central Library. 

The volume to be dedicated i a 1493 A.D. printing of 
"'The Nuremberg Olronicles," a hand-colored, fU'Sl-ever 
hi tory of the world from the beginning of time. 

Following the 5 p.m. dedication. Peter Van Wingen. 
cur-llor of the Rosenwald Collection at the Library of 
Congre s. will lecture. 

Award-Winning Novelist to Give Free 
Lecture at Price Center Theater 

John Edgar Wideman, a 1984 winner of th PEN/ 
Faulkner Award for hi novel,Sent for Yo" Yesterday, will 
~peak about his writing and a work in progress next 
Wednesday. Feb. 12, at 7 p.m. in the Price CemerTheater. 

Admission i free, and the event i open to the public. 
Wideman's novel Phi/adelphia Fire, publi hed in 1990, 

won him cri tical ac oladel and a second PEN/Faulkner 
Award. 

Plliladelpll ia Fire centers on the events surrounding the 
1985 bombing of aci ty row house that was he.'\dquaners to 
a cult known as MOVE. 

After a violent stand off between MOVE and Phila-
de lphia police. the police receiv d penni ion from the 

city'~ fir~t black mayor. W. Wil n Goode, to drop a bomb 
on the hou~. 

Eleven people, including women and children, were 
"illed in the incident. The resulting tire wiped out nearly 
two square blocks of a bla k work i ng-class neighborhood. 

Wideman said abou t the book. "That [incident] was one 
of the most traumatic publicevent!.ofmy lifetime. It scared 
me. Is thi~ how our society chOOS<!s to deal with difference, 
Ihat is, 10 ~tamp it out'!" 

WidemaJl'~ other works include A Glance A way, The 
LYII('h(',..~. Hurr), HOllie. Rucbell and a book of short stories 
entitled F el·el'. His n n-fiction book Brorllers a lid Keepers 

Calvin and Hobbes 

~ ~ ~IO ~s UP, \\r, 
AA,) 10 IE ~\~6 . 
\It: CA~, ,),)'5, 
'ST),,'( nlE WA'( 

~ IS 

B\J, A llGER 
G~'i\Jl' 
P.NO STh'tS 
,., i1Gt~ 

'tlW( I') \'\lAp 

I 

The UCSD Guardian 

was nominated for !he National Book Critics Circle Award, 
and he recently received a Lannan Foundation grant. 

A professorofliterature at the University of Massachusens 
in Amherst, Wideman is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the 
University of Pennsylvania. _ 

Wideman also won a Rhodes Scholarship to Sludy at 
Oxford Universiry. Great Britain. 

NEWS 
FRO\l OTH[R CI\\lPLS[S 

Stanford, UC Ubrarles to Share Data 
Bases, Book Bonowlng PrIvIleges 

Tapping the potential of two of the nation' leading aca-
demic institution.~ , the libraries of the Uni versity of California 
and Stanford University have expanded their shelves by 
agreeing to allowmembe~ of both communites access to each 
other' rich resources. including databases. 

Under the recent agreement, Stanford wiU have access to 
th UC' databases MEL V YL and MEDLlNE, and Stanford 
will allow UC ( ulty, academic staff and graduate students 
on- ite access to direct borrowing from the institution's pri-
vate collection. The UC will reciprocate for Stanford clien-
rele. and both in titurions will provide each other with 
interlibrary loans. 

According to Beverlee French, chair of UC Library Heads 
of Public Service, the latest move of coordination and coopera-
tion between the libraries of the two universities is expected to 
broaden ther.mge of research forscholars, reduce unnecessary 
duplication and increase the total number of publications 
available. 

"The tatk UC library budgets of rer..ent years, coupled 
with the effect of a hrinking U.S. dollar and double-digit 
inflation in book: and journal prices, have intensified the need 
for research I ibmries to cooperate in bui ld i ng collections," said 
French, who helped negotiate the agreement. 

A key element of the UClStanford agreement. signed in 
Sept. 1991. i the coordination of collection development 
policies and activities in the various UC/Stanford libraries, 
'said French. 

However, she emphasized that the agreement does not 
mean that the participating libraries will no longer purchase 
.whatthey need locally on campuses. 

The UC has more than 100 libraries. with collections 

by Bill Watterson 

I ••••• 

• 

Monday, February 3, 1992 

totalling 24.6 miUion volumes. ranking UC" collection 
second in the nation to the Library of Congress. 

StanfOrd, with a collection of roughly 3.8 million 
volumes in its 15 participating libr.mes, r.mks 10th among 
the 107 members of the Association of Research Libraries 
in tenns of tot a! volumes and annual growth. 

The agreement include Stanford's Lane Medical li-
brary, but does not cover other major coordinate libraries 
at Sl4Inford, such as the Hoover Institute Library and 
Jackson Business Library. 

All visitors Wlder the agreement must fi~t obtain a 
"UC/Stanford Reciprocal Services Card" from their re-
spective campus libraries. 

UC DesIgns Program to Help Offset 
Effects of 1992-93 Fee Increases 

New educational financing options and a fee-grant 
program are the comerstone of efforts being made by the 
University of California to help lower- and lower-middle-
income student cover the increase in 1992-93 fees. 

The UC has developed a brochure on financi ng options 
especially for those students and their farnilie who do not 
qualify for need-based financial aid, but may need help in 
paying the co t of educarion. 

The new brochure describes several education financing 
options, including federally guaranteed loans, private edu-
cation loans not based on need, and deferred payment 
plan . It will be distributed to all UC students. 

The UC is encounlging students who think they need 
financial aid for the 1992-93 school year to file a Student 
Aid Application for California (SAAC) by the Mar. 2. 
1992 deadline. 

"Students who may not have been eligible in the past 
could qualify for ome as istance in light of the increased 
co t of attending Uc. A student must be in the pipeline to 
receive assistance," said Kate Jefferey, UC' sacting director 
for studem financial upport. 

Iefferey stressed that "in light of the fee increase, the 
University i intensifying its efforts to let students .know 
that financial options are available. No student should be 
discouraged from attending the University." 

As part of the 1992-93 budget plan approved by the 
BoardofRegemsJan. 17. the UCincluded a new fee-grant 
and loan program which is designed to offset the impact of 
fee increases. It provides financial aid for low and middle 
income students based on a sliding scale. 

For example, students whose parents earn less than 
$30.000 per year areeligible for a $550 fee gr.mt. Students 
whose p:m:nts' salaries are above $60,000 per year are 
eligible for a $250 fee grant and $300 loan. 

GUAKI)IAN 
JASON SNBJ., ElItor In ChIef 
PETER KO, ~ EcRtot 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInIon EtItor 
JAMES COWER, DesIgh EtItor 
LYNN FRANEY, CGpy EdItot 
JENNY GALANG, Assodate HIatus EcRtot 
JOSEPH GARCIA, Hiatus EtItor 
MARY BETTY tEARO, New.s EdIttIf 
CHERYl HOCHMAN, Associate CGpy Editor 
SUE MAPES, Associate Photo ElItor 
MEl. MARCELO, GraphJcs &IItot 
DAN MCOOWB.L, Photo EtItor , 
KEN PERlMAN, Sports Editor 
CHRISTOPHER REGNIER, Associate Sports EtItor 
BRETT RHYNE, Spectacle EcItcK 
MAnHEW ROBINSON, Associate OpInion EdItor 
ANGBA ROVA, Associate Spectacle EdItor 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Associate News Editor 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, Associate News Etltor 
WILEEN WONG, Associate HIatus EtItor 
GREGG WRENN, Associate Sports Editor 
SenlotStalfWritera: Zachary Berman. Anton MIner. Bryon Olas. An<lyGayton. 
Pnu Gruen. Melinda Hamilton. lara Heisler, Oave llnt>erg. MIChael $chwoartz. 
Paul BIshop Sklbttzke. Jeff Yamaguchi 
Staff Writers: Debra Bronstein. Alex Buckmelter. Slephanle Oant()(d, Joanne 
Oonanoe. Dan Gebler, Kirsten Ha"'erslon, 08n Krauss. Philip MiChaels, Josh 
Odlnll. JeN Pitman. Tract Powell. David Snow 
IliustralofS: RooCadll. Roger Kuo . Cann lew.le'gtlAnne McConnaughey. lisa 
Mulvaney. M".no MUnoz. Ryu\ll Nak8J,ma. Kat)' Roe. Marc Upterg,,,,,,, 
PhototraPhe .... : Ale .. Klyusncr. Saul LC\olne. Paul Mackey, Chuck Nguyen. 
JenOlfer \lam. Nny Zlot 
Copy Readef'l: Monica Gough. MOnica Roach. Ju:~ Semper. Jess.e Spnnger 
Produc1ion Woriler: Melind8 Hamrttofl 
Desilntr. Miguel Ouckenr'ne)er 

BOB DeANDREA, Business Manager 
MICHAEl. FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
AdwriIoIoC 1Iop_, __ : KeI fumsaka. Robb _. Usa Mane V""""'. 
_rtiIiftI_H..aI~. P~Vllltaaol'" 
Cltculotian: Joe Lee. SamlWllha Sherr 

n. LCSO _ .. JU*SI*I ~ and 1lWl¥ ""'" ~ at"""'" Itill '" and fer Iht $I_oIUCSO.RopoodI.d ... oIU._~,,""'_n_or .. por\, __ 
"!lII<Il!"""""'" 19!12 .• ~_ J1.lCSD_ .. ",, __ brll\! ... umd 
..-fd '""""""" at III. Tht _._ II""", and IIf!ed tea.,. or _ dO "" 
neawrII_ tt>t _ 01 J1. LC.SO _ tIIo ~ 01 CoiIomoe. or lis-.< 
51_ TIe lCSD '"*-. _ ""'" "'..,..."" Doms Man. Oomo _ . .. t . 
EdItOri8I: 534-6580, Business 0fIIce: ~. FIlll: 534-7691 
UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
- _ : - _ . ucso 1_ ce_ luJl4lioC .t.. 

Monday, February 3, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

KNSD's Monica Gayle Addresses 
UCSD on Issues Surrounding Rape 
By Rebecca Tolin 
Guardian Reporter 

The topic of rape has recently 
come to the forefront, e pecially in 
the media. But what about when it 
happens to a member of the media? 
According ro Monica Gayle. a 
KNSD news anchor and rape vic-
tim, "Rapists do destroy lives. There 
are women who cannot let go. I'm 
lucky; I had reason to keep going." 

Gayle spoke on the subject of 
rape lasr Thursday at the Price Cen-
ter in an infonnal discussion spon-
sored by the UCSD Women's Cen-
ter entitled, "Surviving Rape: A 
Personal Story." Gayle's appear-
ance follows her recent public 311-
nouncement of her rape on the"Ross/ 
Hedgecock Repon" television show, 
which brought her an overwhelm-
ingly positive public response. 

Gayle's appearance attracted a 
diverse audience of students, staff 
and faculty members of both sexes. 
She began the discu sion with an 
account of her rape, and then opened 
the discussion to questions. 

Most of the questions centered 
around date rape, a recognized prob-
lem on college campuses. One 
woman in attendance said she at-
rended because, "I'm a victim of 
acquaintance rape, so I was really 
interested in what [Gayle] had to 
say." 

Gayle related her experience, 
saying that she was anack.ed in her 
home by an unknoWn assailant who 

broke in through a basement win-
dow, cut the lighting and seized her 
from behind. 

"Suddenly from behind me, I 
was grabbed by someone around 
the neck. I was unprepared to fight 
back and before I knew it I was 
being dragged down the flight of 
stairs, in the dark, by my neck," 
Gayle said. 

She continued, saying that the 
attacker raped and beat her for about 
45 minutes before he threw her into 
a closet and told her he would kill 
her if he came out. 

Although the circumstances of 
rape vary, Gayle made it clear that 
both stranger rape and acquaintance 
rape are criminal acts. 

"They both come down to the 
samething. When a woman says no. 
she means no," Gayle said. "The 
myths that surround u - the whole 
thing where women say no but they 
mean yes- thar's baloney." 

Gayle addressed some of the 
common stereotypes about rape that 
pervade our culture. "There i still 
the stereotype of the rape victim 
being promiscuous or 'Iooking for 
it' ," she said. 

Gayle said that recent judicial 
proceedings are not helping to 
change the statistics. 

"'The Kennedy trial set us back a 
long way. [ParnelaBowman] should 
nothavebeenputthroughsuchhell," 
she said Gayle adeled thar what 
Bowman, or any other rape victim, 

Jenrif8f ViM/Gwcllillr 
KNSD anchor Monica Gayle 
was wearing. panicularly her un-
dergarments, hould not have any 
bearing on the question of whether 
or not he had given consent to . ex. 

Gayle urged women to report 
their rapes and urged both men and 
women to be more aware of the 
issue. "As college students you need 
to educate lyoursel ves] and be mart 
- take this back with you to your 
fratemitie ,yoursororitiesandyour 
dorms." he said. 

According to Coordinator for 
UCSD's Student Safety Awareness 
Program Nancy Wahlig, who was 
present ar the discussion, informa-
tion and help concerning mpe is 
available to students through the 
Student Safety Awarenes Program. 
The program offerseducationa! pro-
gramsaswellasrapesuppongroups. 

The Women's Resource Center 
See RAPE, Page 11 

NEWS 3 

Come On Down! 

Khris Easterling plays "The Price is Right" at the CBS Fair in 
Revelle Plaza on Saturday. 

ERRATUM 
In the Jan. 30 issue of the Guardian, the article titled, "UCB 
Votes to End Carruthers' Salary" incorrectly stated that Gradu-
ate Student Association President Denise Fenton voted against 
the resolution to stop paying University Center Director Jim 
Carruthers' salary. Fenton, in fact, abstained from voting. The 
Guardian regrets this error. 

1991 BLOW-OUT SALE GET RELIEF .. , GET RESULTS .. , GET HEALTHY! CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
'My responsibility as your doctor is 10 find 

and remove blockages and interference Ihat 
occurs within your bOdy due to injury or stress. 
Since 1980, I have been assisting people in 
reachi"J and maintaining 'heir oplimal 
health. 

• Auto, Work & Sports Injuries 
• Infants to Seniors 
• Insurance Accepted 
• Open 9am - 7pm daily Dr. Ken Schlussel 

Ch i ropractor 

CAlL TOOAY fOR AFfORDABLE QUAliTY CARE 

558-3600 
NO-COST INITIAL SPINAL EXAM 

AND CONSULTATION 
8899 University Center Lane, Suite 150 

loafed atl-S and La Jolla Village Drive 
across from Hyatt Aventine 

COFFEE I-l 
°u \S'~ 

• QUIche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads • Gourmet Coffee 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says uCaffeine is brain/oad, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM· 7 Days a Week· 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Comer of 13th & Stratford Coun) 

NAME BRAND CLOTHING 
• 'tIletMl4'4, SeMet CATALOG MERCHANDISE 

• LIMITED· B.U.M. EQUIPMENT • EXPRESS & MORE! 

4 DAYS ONLY 
Thursday, February 6th - Sunday, February 9th 

HOURS: Thurs, & Fri. 11 am-8 pm • Sat. & Sun. 11 amoS pm 

NEW ARRIVALS 
· 1'~ 4. Secut CATALOG 
& OTHERS WE CAN'T MENTION!! 

[I 
ApPAREL 
DFsIGNER 
ZONE 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
(just down the road) 
Go east on La Jolla 
Vilage Drive, 4 lights past 
Hwy 805, left on 
Camino Santa Fe 

-------450-3323 -_____ .... 



4 OPINION 

OPINION 
11x UCSD Guardian 

It ..... to .... tIIat 
the ......... .. 
the ... few 1IIUI.lla. 

sattliC Into two 
dIItIId, yellOlll8What 

ralatad .... 1C8S. 
1boIe "Y111C8S .. 

the .... iltlallw 
actIaI. taken _-

the CHIlI- the 
.......... 

relalionllllp beN ... 
the ...... ., 

... IiI ......... ... 
sbldent ........ 

bad ....... concerns 
boI down to student 

COIiIroI ewer 
fee.fundad f&ciIIIes 
... comoI 0 .. the 
... n."_ 

aIIocIIIIon 01 
student ......... fees. 

Monday, February 3, 1992 

" 

Monday, February 3,1992 

WATSON 
ContInued fIom pap 4 
language to mean that there were alternative payroll options 
available within it current statu. Groundwork believed it 
would actually be doing the UCB a favor, because then the 
board would not have to ubsidize the business office to do 
Groundwork's payroll. 

It seems to me that Carruthers did not clearly outline the 
options and consequences for Groundwork, and Groundwork 
did not consult the business office before they went to "off-
campus" payroll. Both panies could have possibly prevented 
a confronwion by improved communication, but the fact 
remains that they didJil. However, the unilateral declaration 
sent down to Groundwork did not seek to resolve the mi un-
derstanding, ~t rather to seize an opponunity to deal with 
Groundwork on the exclusive terms set by the administration. 

This conclusion seems all the more likely because of the 
way in which the administration flatly rejected Groundwork's 
offer to accept university job descriptions or to get liability 
insurance to cover Groundwork until a mutually acceptable 
solution was developed. Dr. Watson stated, "1be university 
will not negotiatestatus.1be university wiD negotiate Ground-
work only as a contract vendor ... Director Carruthers must 
havea wrinen statement from Groundwork on whetherGround-
work has decided to become a contract vendor or cease 
operations at UCSD:' 

I believe that the confrontational tone was initially set by 
the admin tration' memos. 1bere was no room for compro-
mise or flexibility. In addition, the university administration 
did not recognize Groundwork's registered student organjza-
tion statu and did not intend to follow the established proce-
dure as outlined in the Student Policies and Regulations. 
Section 33. 11 Conduct and Discipline states: "Registered 
student organizations are required to comply with university 
policies and campus regulations or they will be subject to 
revocation of registration ... in denying or revoking registra-
tion or applying sanction ,campu regulations shall provide 
an opportunity for a hearing.:. procedure contained in section 
38.00 et seq." 

'The administration did not intend on granting a hearing 
before the deadline to sign a contract was up. Thi serves as a 
typical example of the bad relations between the university 
administration and the co-ops. I would say there is sufficient 
cause from the history of the co-ops for there to be skepticism 
of the University administration's intention and promises to 
act in good faith. 

'The next issue of importance is the allegations of "major 
violations of the PPMs and sound financial business prac-
tice .. as determined by the limited co-op financial informa-
tion provided to the University Center busine s office. It was 
not indicated which co-ops were involved, nor what policies 
were violated. To date, none of the co-ops have received 
notification of what they are accused of doing. 

'The audits were mandated in order to get a clearer picture 
of the co-ops' operation. There has not been an audit for the co-
ops in many years. No doubt there will be some need for the 
co-ops to tighten their operations. 

It seems to me that audits should be used as a tool for 
helping a business to run more efficiently and to help them 
fine-tune their operations to comply with all relevant PPMs. 
Historically, however, audits called for by the administration 
have had a different purpose. In keeping with this tradition,l 
allege the university adminiSlIation may have ulteriormotives 
for auditing the co-ops now - perhaps not for the purpose of 
shuning them down, but rather to force the co-ops to either 
become auxiliary accounts or contract vendors . 

By demanding thattheco-op change their status, without 
a hearingand based upon incomplete information, it seems the 
administration has found the co-ops guilty before given a 
chance to testify on their own behalf. 

The co-ops are in a stmilar situation to what the 
ASUCLA was in the 19705. AS UCLA had been the recog-
nized student government since 19 I 9.1bey had been allowed 
to construct thedining services, the bookstore and many other 
services because the univet:Sity at that time did not want any 
part of building student activities. 1ben, in 1973 the regents 
issued a decree that all student governments and their assets 
were the property of the regents. 

ASUCLA balked. After 60 years of blood, sweat and tears. 
it had grown into a multi-million dollar operation and did not 
intend to tum over its assets, especially after it was finally 
worth something. ASUCLA sued, and ended up establishing 
a memorandum of understanding which outlined the specifics 
of their unincorporated status. It owns its assets, and yet the 
university has the "oversight" to insure overall fiscal sound-
ness. This resolution is what the co-ops deserve. They have 
had a long tradition of special status, they are very successful, 
they own their assets, but the university still would have 
supervision. 

If we discuss how the co-ops can improve compliance with 
the PPMs, I suggest theadministraliondoes its pan in comply-
ing with relevant sections as well. I have taken a cursory look 
at the six-volume set of PPMs and have found policies for 
university property that the university administration is guilty 
of violating. According to the University Conduct and Disci-
pline Code (Use of University Propenies, Section D, C. 4b.), 

The UCSD Guardian 

the administration cannot "eliminate of Groundworks books 
as a campus retail entity" -as it proposed todo in its memo 
- without providing "an opportunity for a hearing, with bas ic 
standards of due process." 

The audit crisis with the General Store Co-op last 
month is the most recent example of the admini tration 's 
willingness to ignore policy. The co-op logic went something 
like this: "the university administration has called for these 
audits at the sanne time they have demanded our change in 
status. They refuse to discuss the change in status with us. How 
can we be sure they won 't take the audits, find some small 
excuse and shut us down without any type of hearing or 
appeal." 

Legalcounsel advised the co-ops tocomply with theaudils, 
but suggested that they begin after the university administra-
tion sat down and showed its good faith by negotiating fairly 
with the students. The auditing officer and the lawyer agreed 
that the following Tuesday would be fine for the audit to begin. 

1bat evening, the university administration changed the 
locks. The alarm company called a General Store member to 
inform him that the a1ann had gone off. That member called 
the police station only to be told that they had investigated the 
sound and there was nothing to worry about. Still concerned 
about the store, that member and another member he awoke 
went to the General Store and discovered the locks had been 
changed without oral or wrinen notification. 

1l1e students got back into their store and proceeded to 
conduct business. 1be audit office and General Store Manager 
Jeff Corben agreed that they would meet at noon and Jeff 
would hand over all of the auditing information. Before Ihis 
could happen. Assistant Vice Cbancellor Tom Tucker and 
eight unifonned police officers entered the store, threw all the 
students out and proceeded to go through the store's files. 

On Jan. 16, I was asked to make a statement for the 
temporary restraining order in court. 1 was a bit alarmed that 
Nick Aguilar was present, representing the university against 
the C<H>pS, given that he is the resource for student organiza-

OPINION 5 

tions seeking judicial and legal infomlation. Further, it dis-
turbed me that 1 honestly felt it necessary to seek a temporary 
restraining order against the university before 1 felt comfort-
able going home and before students could leave the General 
Store. after spending the night before sleeping on the noor to 
prevent another unlawful takeover. 

Last Tuesday ' meeting between Groundwork and the 
university lasted six and a halfhours and got us nowhere. The 
university representatives did not have the power to negotiate 
with the co-op lawyer. who had flown in from L.A. for the 
expres purpose of negotiating a compromise acceptable to 
both parties. It was disruptive to have the university "represen-
tatives" running back and forth to the phone to secure someone 's 
(presumably your) permission for extension language. Ulti-
mately. the negotiations failed because the university refused 
to acknowledge that Groundwork was a registered student 
organization, though they cou ld not provide any documenta-
tion demonstrating anything to the contrary. 

I am pleased to hear that system-wide legal counsel will be 
present at lhenext discussion and I truly hope that progress can 
be made toward a mutually acceptable resolution. If it does 
not. I run afraid that the only winners in court will be the 
lawyers for both sides. A mediator could intercede and be f'lr 
less expensi ve, although the decision would not be as binding 
and. at thi point. a long-term resolution is desperately needed. 

The traditional relationship between the UCSD ad-
mini tration and student govemment has been a relatively 
good one. This has been because the student government 
boards have not challenged the administration' s authority to 
veto or freeze accounts without a hearing. In my opinion. thi!t 
is no longer acceptable. It seems to me that students should be 
allowed maximum capacity to run their affairs as they ~ee fil. 
Any interference in this respect should be subject to an 
impartial appeal process. This process wouldn't seem unrea-
'onable if the decisions made by the administr..uion were truly 
in the students' be~t interests. 

The money allocated by the A.S. to the co-op legal defen~e 
fund from its general unallocated and movie revenueaccount~ 
has been frozen by the admini~tration and backed up by your 
legal counsel. I don't dispute that "the chancellor may . .. 
exercise control over expenditures of their funds when and to 
the extent necessary to maintain the financial solvency of 
student governments." Yourcoun~el concluded that "giving 
University money to a Icgal dcfen~e fu nd which i!> ~uing the 
university of California cannot be described as being for 
purposes directly related to the university ." 

I disagree with the counse\'~ a.'>sertion that the allocation 
violated policy. and I do not feel the conclu~ion is ~ufficicntly 
justified. The A.S. is in no danger of bankruptcy. and the ~tudenl~ 
believe strongly that this is a prudent u-.e of their fund,. TIle 
si tuation dOC!' not w.trrant univer..lty intervention. 

How .::ould a lawsuit between the university and a regis-
tered student organization at that un iversity not be anything 
bur a "university-related purpo-.e"? Section 33.10 I.B. S.e of 
the University Conduct and Di,clpline Code !>tatcs:'''The 
university shall not prevent theorgamzation from retaining or 
using legal counselor from ,electing a representative 'l~ 
provided for in any disciplinary or grievance procedure." Thc 
policies applying to student (lctivitiesclearly gmnt both the co-
ops and student government bodies the right to retain their 
own legal counsel. 

University policy isc\ear: "The university ~hallnot prevent 
the organization from retaining or using legal counsel or from 
selecting a representati ve as provided for in any disciplinary 
or grievance procedure:' I don ' t see the problem with the 
allocation. 

You have stated that "no university funds shall be spent on 
outside legal counsel:'The students feel strongly that we need 
legal counsel to help us work out an agreement. Our grievance 
is overollr rigll,tocontrol ol/rlccs and to have our contractual 
obligations respected. TIle university has vested us wi th the 
authority to allocate space and to run the budget of the 
University Center. Therefore. we have reallocated ourdirector's 
salary because if, as the director has so often made clear, he 
does not answer to students, then it is fi 'cally irresponsible to 
pay for an employee who does not work for u . 

It is interesting to note that when a member of the board 
asked for a copy of Carruthers' job description from the 
business office, handwritten in was the new phrase "serves at 
the will of the chancellor." In fact , the business office was 
reluctant to tum over this copy, as it needed to be retyped. 

Dr. Watson, l do not hold you completely accountable to 
theconcems we students have. I realize it is impossible for you 
to be an expert on every undergraduate affair - that is why 
you need to delegate these tasks to others. I strongly suggest 
that you look into your office and reaffirm that the relationship 
between the students and your staff is the one you intend it to 
be. Ask around - 1 am confident you will find similar 
concerns. 1bere is a reason why the students keep making 
direct appeals to you. 

I, for one, am tired of being ignored and disregarded as a 
student. We have JUSt as much right to due process and a fair 
hearing 10 air our grievances as any other person. 11Ie student 
government and the student organizations have tried to the 
best oftheir abilitie to follow appropriate policies and proce-
dures. How do you expect student · to re pond when they are 
not allowed rights mandated by the university policies, and 
when they are not allowed to obtain outside advice on what to 
do? 



6 The UCSD Guardian 

OPEN: mono Ihru "I. 10 am till 8 pm. 
sal. 10 1111 liU JI"I 
(619) 452·9625 

Monday, February 3, 1992 

Recycling Co-op . 

The co-ops would like to thank the students, faculty and stat( of UCSD, and all others who 
have given their time and support during the co-op crisis. Your continued support is needed 
because this is not only a fight for the student co-ops, but a continuous fight for student rights. 

----------~-------.---

Monday, February 3, 1992 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 7 

COMMENTARY 

Probing the Emerging Student Agenda 
• Social decline, the recent co-op crisis and registration fee hikes are all part of the same malaise 
ByElyR ....... 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

We lire aI a IlIming point. The grip 
of apolhy is smrting to slip. Global 

ctmgeandhei~socioeooQllic 
pessures challenge us to make a new 
epoch. As in the '60s, the universil)' 
promises 10 bea~ve instilulion 
of change. But now the context is far 
diffetenI-andcoocepts from before 
are better under.;tood and elaborated 
We have seen them as history. 

Raher than slowly losing an un-
popular war without objective, we 
have jusl woo a swift but hollow vic-
lory in a superfICially popular war 
widlOUl global context Somehow, 
we're worse off. Militarism, as an 
ordering paradigm for society, is 00-
soIescent. 

We have a cold wareconomy, bul 
no boItIe 10 fight If we can't change 
the narure of our society, we will soon 
only be fighting oursel ves.1n a global 
recession, lhe United Slates and !he 
worid must face the challenge of ceo-
nomicconversion. lftheoulCOmC is 10 
be a livable society. we can'l ignore 
cducalion. Education is an in\oestment 
in the future. The task is to remake !he 
economy 10 serve society, 10 remake 
society fora human world The aller-
nativeisanationofdividedunderclass 
-!he Chilean model. Even defense 
intellectuals recognize Ihalthedecline 
of American education is a threat to 
nationaJ security. The choice is ulti-
mately ours, but it will reqllire effort. 

The co-ops are an alternative 10 

monotony and hierarchy. They show 
that however alienating thi jXlI1icular 

mixed~taJist economy may be. 
undercertaincircumSlancc.smotivared 
individuals can - with 001 a Iinle 
effort - together carve out a human 
space. And the C<HlpS show lhal these 
hmlan spaces can be places where 
social change can genninaIe. This is 
what the co-ops offer the Il)Ovement 

Most faculty members are also 
aIanned by the administralion's ac-
hom. The UC GenemI Counsel is 001 
amused. Even numerous administra-
tors are displeased wilh Ihe 
administration's attack on the co-<>pS. 
The need for change is clear. 

An essential part of the studenl 
agenda is participatory democrocy. 
There i the factually incorrcict bul 
generalJy accepted assertion that pur-
ticipalOry democracy is unwieldy and 
thus impractical. But this doesn'l re-
fute the Viability of participatory de-
mocracy - radler, il presents a posi-
tive challenge to the plOpolleuts of 
people power. If there is any hope, 
SIUdcrU must present a Wliled fronlto 
geld. 

The students of UC Davis, joined 
by students from other universities on 
the capitol sleps. made clear lhat 
Wilson's tricky logic of blaming the 
viclim won'l cui it Nor will false 
oppositiolls. Recipients of essenlial 
social services did not bankrupc the 
stale - a lack of stewardship did 

In the long run we can 'I escape the 
fact that all social costs are borne by 

AIM FO-R 
SUCCESS 
GMAT CLASS 
BEGINS FEB. 10 

GRE CLASS 
BEGINS FEB .' 24 

(61 9)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

.' 

lhe whole society. After Proposition 
13, Voodoo economics and Deuk-
mejian's "Sulplus Rebate:' Wilson 
cites fiscal auslerity in his anemplS to 
pil educruion (good) agaiflSl social 
services (bad). 1bese arejalse opposi-
riOill'. Malnourished children in eco-
nomically marginal homes and neigh-
borlJoodsdon'lJeam well. Again. we 
see the lricky logic of blaming the 
victim ar work. Potential college Slu-
dents economically excluded face a 
down economy and high joblessness. 
Students forced 10 work longer hours 
have less lime 10 illl'C'sI in their educa-
lion. Where is the wisdom in this? 

Social selVice funding is far below 
educruion funding.Takingthal money 
foreducation wouldjl1'i1be aquick fix. 
Cuning those services would cause 
greater dislocations and funher erode 
edUCalion at the primary and second·' 
a/)' levels. Fee hikes do the same to 
college. 

The costs assigned 10 educalion 
are one way society is made. Another 
is the kitlll of the education offered. 
These are choices aboul knowledge: 
its quality. accessibility, availability 
and distribulion in sociel)'. Making 
anyoflhese reslrictivewill have high 
individual and social costs: 

Neglected social costs are now 
glaringly obvious. The issue is pre-
cisely the need 10 recognize social 
investment for whai it is. Wilson's 
budgel tactics assume a zero-sum-
game - this from Ihe parry that ex-
horts laisse:-faire economics as ,hr 

rood to growth. Social illvestmenl is 
lhe beSl way 10 erlCourJge IIIl' right 
kind (Jfgl'ml '1" - growth lhal mailers 
10 people allarge. Education is a nec-
essary bul dependent pan of Ihat in-
vestment. 

AI public and privale colleges and 
univen;ities in !he U.S., siudents are 
again faced with substantial fee hikes 
and course cUlbacks. And this ha~ 
plenty to do with underfunding re-
search. AI Yale, the Linguislics 
Departmenl is being closed and lhe 
Sociology Depanment cut by 40 per-
cent. There will be fee hikes and de-
parlJ11eI,l cuts at Stanford. llleSe are 
retlectionsof state and fedeml govern-
menl~' devalualion ofknowlooge. 

SrudenL~ and faculty are really foc-
ing the same challenges and oppo-
nenls. UnilY will be CSc<er1liallo both: 
lheirintereslsare harmonious. Buying 
into the false 0l'POSili()/I and anlago-
nizing the focull)' is the suresl way 10 
large fee hikes. To ignore this is 10 
funherodministmtive loclicsof divide 
and rule. 

These and Olherseemingly d ispar-
ate issues have one COl11l11On Ihread: 
they recur because thesfl'llC'fllrall'm!J.. 
/em ref11\lins unaddressed. Adminis-
tr.lIions and the regents have usurped 
the power entrusted to Ihem by lhe 
students.oo f.x:ulty. Managerial ex-
pedience is gained al the expense of 
education:aulhorimrianismundel'Culs 
the quality studenl life. So went the 
Triton Pub and the TGs. so would 
have gone the co-ops, so came the 

Price Center. RJMAC and fee hikes. 
The i. sue is power. Is it wilh us or the 
adminiSlrJlion'? Whose interesl~ does 
it serve'? When limes are lough, lhe 
answers are clelll". We ml1~1 lake Ihis 
power bock. 

Ralhenhan anacking one head UI n 
lime. we must piel\:e the hydr.l· s heart. 
SludeOlsatDavishavedemandedlhat 

lheregenl~eilherhonorlheirresponsi­
bililies or foce Ihe consequence.~ . We 
demand responsiveness and account-
ability from the rege!lls. They h:lVe 
much rnore to lose if lhey oppose us. 

Sludent~ will nOi complacemly 
accept untenable fee hikes. a.~ demon-
strated by the lakir.g of "No Fl'e Hike 
Half' at UC Davis. At UCSD. the 
adminiSlrJtion ha.~ anocked the co-
ops. Siudenis will nol lolemle such 
predaliOilS. :l~ demonstmled by lhe 
ejeclion of UC Police from the Gen-
eral Siore Co-op. We can be pushed 
no further. 

This time. it won't simply be a 
middle cl:L'iS movement. BOlh the 
mainstream and the IrJditionally 
marginalized have common interesls. 

TIle univer.;ily belong.~ to educa-
lion. not :ldminislr.llion. We must re-
lum the univel~ity 10 the studenls. 
faculty .Uld tlleir a\sociations. tile s0-
ciety to the people. Whal we have 
witnessed at U SO. UC Davis. UC 
Berkeley. SUN and elsewhere is not 
a climax bUI a pll!lude. Togelher. a.~ 
sludents. with Ihe people al large. we 
can remake the society th:J1 is our 
future. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
~ 

'''ed I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
't:j' Mltsublshi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

inor Tune Up Special ·$29 *(re9' $55) 
1. Sparle plugs aur lUfJe up includes a 101 more than others. It includes: 
2:-Distributor points 6. Clean & replenish alilluid & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes 11. Ched< cooling system & hoses 
4. AdJuSl Ilffing B: Check clutch 12. Road lest 
5. Adjusl dwell ~ 9. Check IIghlS 

, 2!~int M!jpl!e!~:~~eCial l'~.~~· 
2. Valve aqustmeo: I 1. A~U$I oming 21. Check & replenish all 

Reptace: 12. ~ dwell angle fluid and oil levels 
3. ValYe coyer gasket 13. ~st carouretor 22. Chedl elelrical system 
4. ~ plugs 14. ~st steering box 23. Chedllor loose or Jost 
s. Distributor points 1 5. ~ air & tuel rallO mix bons 
6. Condensers. 16. "*,,dutch 24. Check bralles 
7. Air roher. 17. ~ brakes 25. Chedl <*ItCh 
8. Oil filter. 18. "'4ust emergency braJle$ 26. Chedl i~ts 
9. Gas I~er. and 19. Check & adjusl exposed 27. Check undllr.:arriage lor 
10. Engine oi belts damages 

20. Lube front end 

28. ChecK and redlarge 
ban8l)'. II necessary 

29. Rotate Ures (if needed) 
30. Check tire pressure 
31. Lube door hinges 
32. ChecK all holders 
33. Check cootir1g system & 

hoses 
34. Check exhaust system 
35. Road test 

Note: For ky'indot CII$ acid S2Q. To)'Ctl s.pr • . 1dd $30. 0...., 200SX with 8 spark"""" add 135. 

Complete Clutch Job $169 * 
We rep!act1: 

1. Transmission inpuI shalt seat (excep! 4. Throwout bearing 
Hondas 5. PllOt beirings 

.I 
Note: Hydraulic parts are not covered. 
NO! for 4WD. Front wheel drive extra. 

2. Pressure plate 6. New ~ansmission oil • 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Fr0f7/ or INt. BraJre job incIudtIs: 

t. !nstan special _ .pads or instalJ _ brake sIloes 5. Bleed entire brake syslem 
2. Drain Old brake auld . 6. Adjust ~ont (~ aums) and rear shoes 
3. Inspect compIele hydraulic syslem 7. Replace ~onI rotor seals 01 rotor tum) 
4. Rer~t hydruoc lluid 8. Road lest 
1Io!.: HjCtuc pans art no. inctIaG 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT 



8 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 3, 1992 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

The "Sun " is a/ways shining at 

~~~ Holiday Cl. Trim & Tan co 11 4!.5 • .osto!'~1 
(nearUCSO) 

HypocrIsyAside,CmIWeBlClneProtestorsbVIOIence? 
Editor: iSl group that espouses the removal 

of non-whites from this society? 
Lest anyone forget, the KKK has 
tortured and murdered countless 
human beings, mocked due process 
and IefTOrizcd black Americans for 

black Americans can only be taken 
as evidence of an appalling lack of 
compassion and inlerest from the 
society as a whole, and an indication 
of lhe fai lure of our vaunted system 
of free rnarket-capitalist democracy 
to provide for the well-being of all. 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 
-FIrst t Ime clle~" only w/,h 'hI' coupon. 

30 TAN DAYS $29 
~~~~'" call 101 d41laiIs ' 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 

Lo .. 6" G ... rllltHCl! 
European Body Wrap--Only $48 
Not a ~&mpOfary wa1el1osl • Reduce (:eMit and $1Ielch mms 

ri- --------, 
I FREE \e I 
ISO ~ 9ACCELERlTOR I l.!~I!!If!!!~~~~~:..L _ ~I~'~'::. Exp/::35~ 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepalitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plu earn up 

to $ 100 per week. 

Please ca ll 
MD LABORATORIES 

226·1733 

'n,· 
St1I· 
'17S· 
$110· 
nlo· 

' All tons life each wwy ~d on a rOll'd1rlp 
put'cNloe T-.rotird.~d Some '~IC· 
!tons apply. Studo1t Slatus may be ftq.,red 

-..1fII*'t --""", (Olinci. 
ucso Pnc~ Cmer (by the Post OfflC~) 

451·0630 

In youreditorial of Jan.23 ("Vio-
lence Degrades King's Memory"), 
you nobly took on the rather intrac-
table problem of hwnan hypocrisy. 
The piece was ostensibly a critique 
of the behavior of dcmonstracors 
who, while honoring the memory of 
Manin Luther KingJr., began throw-
ing bricks. You likened this activity 
to "denouncing democracy on the 
Founh of July" and concluded by 
tating that these prote ters 

"shouldn't be allowed 10 hide be-
hind Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.-
because King would have abhorred 
their actions." 

I imagine that it is, in fact, true 
thai Dr. King would have never 
condoned such action - with or 
without the imprimatur of his name. 
However, you barely mention the 
salient factors in this incident and 
completely ignore the overwhelm-
ingly hypocritical context that i the 
[rue i sue at hand. 

1lle civil rights march in Denver 
was not organized as a violent dem-
onstration. The violence was in ti-
gated by a counter-demonstralion 
by the Ku Klux Klan. Thi insidious 
provocation had been foreseen by 
the stale and local authorities who 
only granted an assembly permit to 
the KKK after being forced to do so by 
an injunction from a federal judge. 

Violence i bom of hatred -
born of fear. Hypocri y and Dr. 
King ' n~ aside, can you really 
blame these people for thinking and 
acling hatefully against an extrem-

years. 
Apparently, and unwisely, you 

fclt it was unnecessary to mention 
any of this in your editorial, saying 
only thai the KKK' "rantings would 
be as horrible as always, of 
course ... " 

Racism is a societal problem. 
lllat means that the society as a 
whole must recognize it and re-
spond to it affirmatively. Certainly, 
Slrides toward equality for black 
Americans have been made even in 
thequaner-centurysince Dr. King's 
assassination by a white man, These 
advances most likely would have 
never taken place had it not been for 
the hard work and determination of 
Dr. King and people like him. I find 
it hard to believe that-unpressured 
and left to their own-self-serving 
devices - the white hegemony in 
this country would have ever pre-
sided over such change. 

Black Americans are the prog-
eny of a group of people who were 
brought to this country not because 
of the opportunity it presented them, 
but because of the 0ppMunity that 
they, as slaves, presented for 
wealthy, white landowners. Due to 
entrenched racism, they have had to 
fight for the basic righls that others 
merely take for granted. The cur-
rent socioeconomic statistics for 

Given its historic and current 
institutionalized racism against 
black Americans, forthiscouniry as 
a whole to honor Dr. King smacks 
of an hypocrisy of the greatest mag-
nitude. I do 001 mean by that we 
ought not to commemorate Dr. 
King's life and work. If we are go-
ing to talk the talk, we had better 
walk the walk. 

It is amazing to me that you 
denounce the lack of integrity of 
members of an oppressed minority 
under duress, and erroneously as-
sumethat inlegrity for the restofus 
is always given. If America truly 
stood forequality, liberty:md pros-
perity for all, as it "says" it does, 
Afro-Americans would have no rea-
son to demonstrate as a group in the 
narneofMartin Luther King or any-
one else. 

You hold a portion of a popula-
tion re~ ible 10 a virtue clearly 
absent In the whole. Is this the basis 
for a reasoned critique? If, as an 
editorof a newspaper, you are going 
(0 offer opinions related to djfficult 
subjects such as hypocrisy and rac-
ism, it would seem salutary to first 
give yourself overtocomplex,criti-
cal thought. It is hard work, but it is 
your job. 

Jeremy Kassen 

F low e ts 
& ~ifts 

PJICITIC 
15LJfNDS 

Are You 
Looking For 

, cll:!! A Potential-Valentine's 
Flower Specials 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~ FlEE DELIVERY·~ 
• • 
..................... ~ ............... . 

Sweetheart 
ROSES 
$24.99 

Lons..Stem 
RoSES 
39.99 
Arra"ged i" a 
basile' or vase 

FfD 
Flower 
Basket 
Special 
$24" 

A Full Seroice Florist • IVe Cater To All Occasions 
-Fresh Arrangelllents • Glt>ell PIa Ills • Dish Gardells • Blootl/ill!!, 

Plants • Silk Arrangements • &110011 BOllquets • Fmit & Gourmet Basl.'('ts 

We Deliver World 
_ Wi ... ' 

Costa Verde Center 
beb ind Soup Excha nge 
8750 Genesee Avenue 
San Diego, CA 92122 

558-6666 

" Mllh S.H /10 
"'""","'" " 'II~, ,),.11,', 
_u,c-, I,, · pilllril fwd,,,,,,,, 
/t., Jrl" ! tu IJ) IIf' ,"'n .. , 
11..1" " I'l 14NII \!"-c,,.1 
I"'~.~ \ ,,' tll /,(1 
f' " M If,' "'fll ~ 

Career Opportunity 
But Not Ready For A 

9--To--5 Desk Job? 
Would you like to live on a tropical i land? Can you instruct vollcyb"ll?Tenni ? 
Windsurfing? Snorkeling? SCUBA Diving? Archery? Can you speak japanese? If not, 
do you have the desire to learn? Or, are you an entertainer, singer, dancer, musician or 
technician? If you have any-of these qualifications, and if you arc not afraid to work 
hard and play hard, we may have the job for you ... 

PACIFIC ISLANDS CLUB ... 
has full·service beach resorts in the Pacific that cater to guests who want to be active, 
entertained and have the time of their lives! We have opening in our SPORTS, 
ENTERT AINMENT and ACTIVITIES Depanments for ... 

"CLUBMATES"-RECREATION 
COORDINATORS AND ENTERTAINERS 

Persons to organize and instruct water &.land spons, initiate and direct games, arts &. 
crafts and to sing and dance in our nightly n:vucs. japanese language skills not e55Cntial. 
but preferred. Willingness to werle hard and leam japanese i nectsSary. We provide a 6 
month contract, housing. meals and other fringe benefits, including round·trip airfare. 

WE WILL BE ON CAMPUS 
FEBRUARY 6 AND 7. 
Infonudon _ions will be held Feb, 6 .t 9·10 
and 1·2 and 011 the 7th from 9·10 with interviews 
folIowiu&, 
You must .nend an information _iOll to inter· 
view. For more information, pIeue inquire at the 
Career CouNeIing/Placement Office. - , 

P.lICIFJC t.~ 
l5UfNOSW 

CLUB 
..... . 

Monday, February 3, 1992 The UCSD G uardian NEWS 9 

AIDS Quilt to be Presented at Price Center 
Considering a career in Biotechnology? By StephMIe GoIcI8bonIuCh 

Guardian Reporter 
The focus of UCSD's participa-

tion this week in the nationwide 
AIDS Education and Awareness 
program will be the di play of the 
Names Project AIDS Memorial 
Quilt in the Price Cenler Ballroom. 
The quilt can be "'iewed by the 
public for free Feb. 6 through Feb. 
8 from 10 a.m. to 4,.p.m. each day. 

The primary goal of the display 
i to educate and raise awareness of 
AIDS among student populations. 
On Thursday and Friday, over 500 
San Diego area high school tu-
dents will be bussed in to view the 
quilt. LocaJ colleges and universi-
ties also have been encourolged to 
attend these viewings. 

OlristineOakJey, the Women's 
Clinic coordinator and AIDS Task 
Forcecoordinatorat the UCSDStu-
dent Health Center said, ''The quilt 
has uch a trong message that it 
wi I I do so much more than any type 
of 'AIDS 101' course we could 
offer. The impact of the humaniza-
lion of this disease is emotional and 
profound." 

The AIDS Memorial Quilt 

CREDIT 
Continued from page 1 
Credit Union would not have 
changed the fact that supporting the 
Student Credit Union would co t 
the U.S.E.money far intothefulUre. 

The proposal would have read-
jusled the number of Student Credit 
Union employees to include more 
lower-paid tudents, and then re-
duced the number of higher-paid 
full-time employees. 

There is still a chance that the 
Student Credil Union will be able to 
remain open. Assistant Vice Chan-
cellor of Student Programming and 
Facilities Tom Tucker, said he is 
preparing a "request for proposal." 
Suchadocument allowsotherbanks 
and credit unions a chance to inves-
tigate their potential interest in 
parenting the Student Credit Union. 

Tucker said he hopes 10 have 
some indication of what intere t 
other banking institutions might 
have within the next ten days. 

According to Tucker, the A.S. is 
interested in retaining the services 
offered by the credit union. He said 
A.S. members informed him that 
they have strong feelings about two 
important functions of the credit 
union. According to Tucker, these 
functions are, "the financial service 
to students by the Student Credit 
Union and the experiential educa-
tion component of having students 
working there." 

Tucker added, "As long as the 
A.S. considers this an important 
item, the administration will con-
tinue to try and assist in the process 
[ofkeeping the Student Credit Union 
alive)." 

Hutshings said he hopes that a 
new financial backer will come for-
ward and the credit union will be 
able to re-open in April. He said he 
appreciates the U.S.E. 's going out 
on a limb with the Student Credit 
Union, but he que tiorts how much 
it will actually save by pulling out. 

"They aren'l going 10 save 
$16,000- it's going to bea 101 less 
than that," he said. According to 
Hutshings, much of the $16,000 a 
month lost by U.S.E. was not in 
direct expenses, but in overhead. 
'1'heexpense isn'tgoingto go away. 
[TheU.S.EJ willjustrcallocate [that 
money)," he added. 

See CREDIT, Page 11. 

You need the 
Project began in San Fr.mcisco in 
1987 as a means of remembering 
those who have died of AIDS. Each 
panel was sewn by a family mem-
ber, friend, or lover of the victim 
and uses the victim's personal be-
longings. 

Ribbon-wearers will be asked to 
sign a log which will be used to 
demonslrolte San Diego's support 
for AIDS victims. 

Outside of the UCSD campus, 
the San Diego community will also 
be participating in the AIDS Aware-
ness Week. The musical "Heart 
Strings" will be playing at Copley 
Symphony Hall in downtown San 
Diego on Friday, Feb. 7 at 8 p.m. 
and Saturday, Feb. 8 at 2 p.m. Tick-
ets for "Heart Strings" will be avail-
able at the UCSD Box Office for a 
discounted rate of $5 for students 
and $35 (or the general public. 

Directory of Biotechnology Companies 
Over 250 California biotechnology companies 
Complete listings plus Mailing Labels 

Thequiltconsi tsofover 14,000 
panels and represents the work of 
people worldwide. including a group 
from UCSD. 

Other events surrounding the 
display o( the quilt will be taking 
place during the week. A campus-
wide food drive will begin today to 
benefit local agencie which pro-
vide direct care to those affecled by 
the HIV virus. 

Students. faculty and staff are 
asked to bring canned good to do-
nation boxes set up at each of the 
five colleges, the Central and Un-
dergraduate libraries. and theEDNA 
office in the Price Center. 

Profit from the showing of 
"Heart Strings" and the quilt dona-
tions are together expected to bring 
in more than $500,000 to benefit 
local AIDS programs. 

$18.50 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

Wednesday through Sunday, 
white ribbons will be distributed at 
the Price Center so students, faculty 
and taff can show their support for 
AIDS educational and awarene s 
programs, as well as AIDS victims 
and their families. 

"The issue at UCSD is that we 
ju t don't see AIDS. There are stu-
dents here with AIDS, but we don't 
see them. There are faculty here 
with AIDS, but we don' t see them. 
either. The University Center Board, 
the Student Health Service and the 
AIDS task force have worked on 
this project to bring AIDS is ues 
closer (0 UCSD," Oakley said. 

3211 Holiday a. (next to Domlno 's PIzza) • 4.52-9949 
M·F 8 :30·6 p .m . ' oph •• 3 / 3 / 92 
Sat . 1-4 p m With UCSD 10 

We're looking for people who 
look at this glass and say: 
"There's gotta be other 

glasses of water." 

We need people capable of gOing 
beyond hatf-fu llor half-empty 
thinking. People who see subtleties. 
Who are qUite frankly bored by easy 
answers and off·the·shelf solutions. 

People who are constantly 
challenging their own thinking and 
are thirsty for new Ideas and 
knowtedge. 

You'lI ha ... e a degree from a top 
school. GettlngajOb won·t really be 
an Issue. The question IS: which job? 
Which Industry? 

You don't want to get locked 
Into one area and then discover 
three to fi ... e years from now that you 
don't like II. By then you· ... e Invested 
too much. 

C) 1990 __ Con""'''&' "" & Co. s.c. 

Andersen Consulting offers you 
the chance to work on a variety 
of proJects- with clients In a Wide 
range of industries. 

We are the leader In helping 
organizations apply Information 
technology to theff bUSiness advan· 
tage. Every hour of every bUSiness 
day, we implement a solution to help 
one of our more than 5.000 Clients 
worldWide. 

What makes that pOSSible IS the 
quality Of our people. And the quality 
of our training. We're known for both. 

Because bUSiness and tech· 
nOlogy are e ... er ·changlng. we see 
training as a continUing process. 
And our $t23-mllllon Center for 
AnOerMn conSUftlnI as an equal opportunity 
em.."... 

ProfeSSional Education In SI. Charles. 
illinOIS, IS just one measure of our 
commitment . We train you for a 
career - not just a job. 

Are you the kind of person we're 
talking about? The kind of person 
With an unquenchable desire for 
challenge and profesSlonat growth? 

If so, come talk :0 us. And 
find out more about a career With 
Andersen Consulting. 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

\Rll tLRAI\ 1J1 RSI" '" to ~l 

Where we go from here~'" 

You are invited to attend Andersen ConsuHlng's In'ormatlon Senlon on Thursday, February 6, 
at 7:00 p.m. In ~IbraHh Ha l room 1438. Reception will 'oIlow. On-campus Interviews will be 

conducted on February 24, 'Of graduating .. nlora. Also, we wi. be intervieWIng Juniors 'or summer 
Intemahlp poIliona on Marc h 3. Plea .. contact the Car .. r servtees Center tor sign-up information. 



10 NEWS 

PROTESTS 
ContInued from paCe 1 
was approved. 

According to Uni versityofCal i-
fomia Studenl Association Vice 
President John Edson,lhe lake-over 
at Davi followed UCSD's student 
take-over of Ihe General Store 
Co-op. 

Last Wednesday, hundreds of 
siudents . tonned Storke Plaza at 
UC Santa Barbara to protest the fee 
increase, citing the ill effects of 
uch an increase, such as decreased 

enrollment. fewer minority appli-
cations and student drop-oul . 

Students statewide have joined 
hunger trikes against the fee in-
crease, including students at UC 
Berkeley. UCLA. UC Davis, UC 

Irvine and UCSantaCruz. Students 
at Santa Barbara and UC Riverside 
are also con idering hunger strikes. 

At Berkeley, the Campaign for 
Accessible Public Education en-
tered its fifth day of hunger strikes 
Friday. Said Kathy Tafel of the 
student group, "We're trying to be 
as inclusive as possible. We're try-
ing to motivate people to do some-
thing about [the fee increase]." 

According to Orozco, the pri-
mary action being taken by the 
ASUCSD is gearing up for an 
a11-UC student summit in Sacra-
menlO, planned for Feb. 22-24. 

At lhal meeting. the slr,lIegy of 
the UCSA fordeaJing wilh the fee 
increase will be discussed, and a 
r,dly will be held on lhe final day of 
the meeting. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 3,1991 

Fee Protests From Across the UC System 
UC BERKELEY 

TIvee hundred SlIIdcnIs JlIIhcrcd Friday in a proteSl lhal 
ended in the IIItcover of a library md the arresl of 61 people. 
Allhougll some sllldenlll felllhe proIeSI was disnlptive 10 IU· 
denu Iryi", 10 61udy, muy sided with !he proICSIOI'S. 

-We weIC!OId we could leave (die library before Ihe arrests), 
bllllIIen we saw whlll auhoIea the police were." said BetUiey 
student Melanie Aores. Sbe went 10 Ihe library 10 rad. bul 
decided 10 join the proIeIl aftet she saw a police offICer club a 
library paIrOn. 

UC RIVERSIDE 

No proccsu have taken place at Riverside thus far. although 
severul options have been discussed. The A.S. has discussed lhe 
idea of joining OIhercampuses in fasting 10 bring anention 10 fee 
increases. 

- AldIn VIIZItI, n. H,.",..., 

UC SANTA BARBARA 
Hundmis of angty siudents lurned OUI 31 3 noomimc f'3l1y 

in SIOItc Plaza 10 protCSI the fee hike. 
"The lime has come 10 let !he IcgisJa/ors know thai you' re 

IlDI goi"lIO IKe the rap for bIId fiscal man:agement." Ombuds· 
man Geoffery Wallace lold Ihe crowd during lhe peaceful 
proIt$L 

UC DAVIS 
Studcnllcaden and proIoCSI otpnir.en are looking toward 

\he nexl five IDOIIIhs in :I COIIIinuing effon 10 reverse lhe UC 
Board of ReacnlS' decision. 

AI a proteSt a1lhe SI3IC capitol building. k t was encourngcd 
10 see $0 many segmentS come OUI- everyone from sludenls 
from lhe community collellcsto senatofS and Icgisl'llors." said 
ASUCD Presidenl Erin Braddock. 

- KIm ItorI. n. c./IfombJ AaIe 

Yotive Just Been aeared 
For Take Off 

You can get a lot more out of life when 
you set your ights a little 
higher. Which 
is what applying 
for the American Expre s 
Card is all about. When you get the 
Card, its easier to do the things you want 
to do. And with the student savings that 
come along with it, you can do even more. 

Fly roundtrip on Continental 
for Ie s than $100 each way. 

Student Cardmembers receive four travel 
certificates. They can be u ed to fly any-
where Continental Airlines flie in the 
48 contiguous United State. Two for the 
chool year, and two for the summer.· 

Depending on where you fly, each 
chool year travel certifi-

cate is good for 
$129 or $189 round-

trip-and each ummer travel 

the Card will say a lot about you. For one 
thing it says you have a handle on what you 
spend, so you don't have to carryover a bal-
ance.lt also says you're smart enough not to 
pay interest charges that can really add up. 

certi ficate is good for $149 or 
$199 roundtrip. Airfare examples baled on destination. 

Sa take a few minutes 
now to call (have 
your bank address 
and account number 
ready), and apply 

Saving that upgrade Round,"", y_Sc ...... V-Fu. 
your life tyle, 

As a student Cardmember you 
get more than great travel sav-

New Yo,H.osAn..,ks 
BosIon-Orbndo 

$189 
$129 
$1 29 

ings. You also ave money on everything 
from clothing to long distance phone calls. 
All for a $55 annual fee. 

ObViously, savings like these say a lot 
about the value of the Card. And having 

for the American 
Express Card. 

With all that the Card offers you, not 
even the sky is the limit. 

THE CARD. 
THE AMERICAN EXPRESS- CARD. 

Get going, call ~800,967,AMEX. 
Ifyou'realrtady Ii rdrMmbtr. the:re',no nHd toeall 

'School .ar it conliclrrtd Sept I-Juno H •• um .... r]un< I5-Au& 31 Compl.,. corm. nd ronditooru of,h" mwl o«.r will 0""", w"h your <<<IlfK .... 
Continental Alrtlne. alone i rnpon!lblc for (ulfill~nl of .his offtr ArmrlCan Ercpresl Mturnn no I...b.llty (or ContlMntal AirflftCl' performance 

C> 1992 A .... ric.n E.prn Tra",,1 RdMtd s.rvtCftCompo"" Inc. 

Monday, February 3,1992 

CREDIT 
ConIInued from pa&e 9 

The chances of another credit 
unionorbank coming forward seem 
to be quite good, according to 
Hutshing , who said that one insli-
tution has already expressed inter-
est and that "we just need a little bit 
ofluck." 

Currently. the Student Credit 
Union remains open and is StiU open-
ing new accounts. 

Even if the Student Credit Union 

FUND 
ContInued tram pace 1 

Holme stressed that the A.S. 
will research employing outside le-
gal counsel to invesligate the PPM, 
the history of the A.S. and the co-
ops, and to discuss legal options. 

"More questions than answers 
are being raised by this whole is-
sue," Woodard rernarlced. 

According to Beam, the student 
activity fee belongs to the chancel-
lor. as stated in the PPM. However, 
Woodard suggested that such regu-
lationsareoutdated. "Many of those 
policies date back to the '70s," he 
said. 

"The admini lration feels they 
can get away with this," Malek said. 
"The students haven'l fought back 
untilnow. It 's our money, we want 
to control it." 

Members of lhe AS. contended 
that, if necessary, the matter will be 
brought to court. "However, we 
would probably need to find free 
outside legal services, like the 
American Civil Liberties Union. 
The administration probably 
wouldn't allocat.e us money for le-
gal counsel." Holmes said. 

According to Beam, if money 
were given to the AS. for legal 
services to be used against the uni-
versity, it would be the same as if the 
university were suing itself. 

Holmesemphasized that Beam 's 
lellerisonly herinlerpretation oCthe 
PPM. "If we take the matter 10 court, 
then we can get a ruling to decide if 
we can allocate the money. This 
whole is ue is a statement 10 Slu-
dents on what rights lhey have." he 
said. 

According 10 Malek, lhe A.S. is 
looking for students 10 participate in 
the task force. 

"We need dedicated people who 
are committed and are willing to 
defend themselves." he said "We're 
going to fight this looth and nail. 
These are our rights." 

In addition to the legality of the 
AS. allocation. several legal gray 
areas have surfaced in the adminis-
traJ ion/co-op conflict. 

In preparation for today' S nego-
tiations, Beam senl a letter 10 co-op 
lawyer Lottie Cohen, attempting to 
clarify the current status of Ground-
work.Books. 

In the Jan. 31 letter, Beam af-
firmed that Groundwork is still a 
registered studenl organization, and 
denied that the co-ops are being 
audited "for improper purposes or 
motives." 

However, Beam did not state 
whetherGroundwork'sspaceagree-
ment has been terminated. 

Beam's letter says only that Uni-
versity Center Director Jim 
Carruthers may lerminate the space 
agreement through provisions in that 
document, or according to the pr0-
cess in the PPM. 

Carruthers did not comment on 
the status of Groundwork's space 
agreement, saying, "They're oper-
ating. period." 

AIIocIMe .... EdItor....,. 
Wolcott ........... to ... ...,. 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 11 

remains open, the location i likely 
to change. Uni versity Center Direc-
tor Jim Carruthers said thai if lhe 
Student Credit Union moves. the 
University CenterBoard (UCB) will 
decide what to do with the space in 
the Old Sludent Center. 

RAPE 
ContInued from paee 3 
provides seminars on rape as well as 
peer counseling, and the Women's 
Center offers rape programming. 

Despite thelackoffunding. these 
organizations have volunteers will-
ing 10 provide information and as-
sistance to anyone who wants it, 
Wahlig said. 

whelher and how Ihe individual 
chooses 10 seek help. 

According 10 Wahlig. "It's a real 
individual decision whether or not 
you want to come forward and talk 
aboUI your experience. 

Read it. Recycle it. 

Carruthers said he would like to 
use it for a meeting center or confer-
ence room but plans 10 leave the 
decision up 10 the UCB. He said he 
assumes that the UCB "would ask 
the students what they want" for the 
space. 

"[In the past.l women just did 
nol have anywhere to go," Wahlig 
said, but now it is just a maner of 

"For a lot of siudents who were 
raped by someone they know. ii 's a 
very difficult decision. They're not 
sure if they wanllo come out in lhe 
open and talk about it. so when I lalk 
10 someone. I talk aboutlhe differ-
ent options lhey can choose," she 
added. 

The UCSD Guardian 

FREE 
4 

WEEK 
SERIES 

/1011110 ~ 
Cultw4te 'tQ!' 

INNER . 
PEACE 1-

Learn Simple, Effective Techniques For 
Concentration, Meditation & Peace Of Mind 

THURSDAYS, FEB, 6, 13,20,27 • 3:00 · 4:30 PM 
La lolla Public Library, Community Room, 7555 Draper Ave. 

A free community service offered by Ihe San Diego Sri Chinmoy Medilation Centre 
Please can 285·9508 for more Information 

LA JOLL 

WARREN COLLEGE 
LIVING LEARNlt~G SERIES 

MEET THE FACULTY 
PROGRAM 

Professor James Moore 
Department of Anthropology 

·Chimpanzee Ecology and Social Systems: 
Bedtime For Bonzo" 

A slide presentation 

Wuren College Ap.vtments Common 
Wednesday, February 5, t 992 

7 p.m. to 8 p.m. 

7525 EADS AVENUE 
AT PEARL 

STORE HOURS 
Mon.-Sat. 9 AM to 9 PM 
Sunday 9 AM to 6 PM 

PHONES 
Main Store .............. 551 -0699 
Pharmacy ............... 556-8698 
Photo Dept. ...... .. .... 551-0799 

~~\~-...-..... 
~ 

Come into Longs expanded Stationery 
Dept. lor all your school needs. Huge 
selection 01 pens, notebooks, in all sizes, 
and even art supplies I 

PHOTO & ELECTRONICS 
Cameras, film, watches and calculators, 
video accessories and more. Longs Photo 
Center leatures double prints at one low 
price EVERY DAY, plus a variety of custom 
photoprocessing services. 

• PHARMACY DEPT. 
Our full service pharmacy will fill your pre· 
scriptions promptly, accurately, and at rea· 
sonable prices. Longs carries a complete 
selection of name brand, private label and 
generic products. 

_ 4 • • _ : - . 

HALLMARK 
GIFTS & NOVELTIES 

Whatever the occasion, Hallmark prob-
ably has just the right card. Come see 
Longs' unique gif1ware selections from 
Country Collectibles to trad~ional gift ideas. 

COSMETICS & TOILETRIES 
You'll find the most famous names in cos· 
metics and fragrances al Longs as well as 
trained cosmelicians to assist you with col· 
ors , treatment and application. 

STUDENT APPLIANCES 
Longs stocks all the appliances students 
need and want. Don't pay department 
store prices. Come to Longs La Jolla for 
blow dryers , curling irons, hot plates, toast-
ers and much more at Longs super low 
prices. 

• ••••••••••• • •••••••••••••• 
I 

I"",,~ ........... 
I 
:~~~~~ __ ~L-
: LA JOLLA 
: STORE ONLY 
I 

"

UmIIloftIrPl'_.OIII_PI'CUIIOmtr. , 
• '~paadllwu 21171112. • 

STUDENT OFFER! I I , 
FREE! 
FILLER 
PAPER 
81/2'1 Iii" 

I 
I 
I 

• ••••••• LONGS VALUABLE COUPON • ••••••• 



12 CALENDAR. 

ACA.....c.DVICaS 

Mlltlllll.Y t1n1fllb Frii., 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - Come 10 lIle 
_ .............. 110 
to, assisliIlce wilh WOlf lIIi1ing IJIl)jeds. 
we oller inchkulllld ~ uoong. 
Slop by YOlk Hall «170 or call 534-~ 
10 sa up .rllppoirtnenl. 
• 8 a.m . ... :30 p.m. - lBI ... 
....,. , I c..rhelp)'Oll 

lhis~willllimelllilllgl'lnC'd. "... 
king, mlderm prepnion.1IId lesI·lJk· 
ing straegies. Slop by Yorl! Hall 4010 or 
call 534-7344 to seI up a personal ap-
polnlmenl Also stay on lIle IooItouIIor 
those valuable OASIS Study Skills Work· 
shops. 
• 8 am .... :30 p.m. - The _ 
.............. prowides assis· 
tance to studerQ whose ~Iw t.lpge 
is not English IIId to those doing weB In 
Japanese. Spanish. Gem8l111d French. 
A dtagnostJc lest on written English as a 
second language is miiable on request. 
Call: 534·2284 forlOOll! infonnalion. Old 
Sludent Center. Bldg. A. Room 1214. 
• 8 a.m. -4:30 p.m. - The _ 
...... c.e. ls a lree seMce lor all 
UCSO studelU. We offer one 10 one wril· 
ing conlerences lor cr1y Iype 01 writing 
ProiOCl - ~ic papers. personal 
statemenls. even stories and poems. Our 
staHoltralnedundergoouates, who come 
from a variety of calemic disciplines, 
Ccr1 hefp you become a more elfediw 
writer. Call 534-2284 to makeanappolnl· 
ment or ~op by oor office In the Old 
Student Center. BldG- A. Room 1214. 
Evening apPOintments also available. 

MOl/dn .. tbro'tqlJ MOllda.Y, 
Ftbrllnn 10 

• 8'30 a.m. -4 p.m . ..:... M.ff CeIIete 
WrHiIII """'l.IIWry apptication 
cened for Spring Quarter '92 Wliling 
classes. Fill oul and SUbmit 10Hery 1lcker 
at HSS 2346 and get informat ion on when 
to return lor lottery resullS. 

MOlldnv. Ftbl'1lnn3 
• 12-1 p.m. -'No Credll Minr-Course: 

FIe.~IeJSpee4 RaIl", I Advanced 
Registration Required Yor1\ Hall 4010. 

IV.-dllrsdnv, Frbrllnn 5 
. 12-1 P m.-NoCredll Mln·I·Course: 
FIIII_lelS,.e' 111 .. 1.. II (Ad-
vanced) Advanced Registralion ReQuired. 
Yar1\ Hall 4010. 
• 1:30 p.m. - AtrIA ..., .. 
iItensIIIp .......-m-! Find OUI 
aboutquarlcr. serresler.summer and lull-
year programs in many Africancounlnes. 
Inn Cenler Conference Room. 

. Fridny, FcbrunN 7 
• 12·1 p.m . ....: No Credll Mini·Course: 
VICMII'" line, ........ Advanced 
revislration required. 534-7344. York Hall 
4010. 
• 1:3Op.m. - Sludy in Great Britain or 
Ireland? Fully Irirlslerable credit! Come 
10 an info session on ClAP ....-
sponsored by the inter· study. Inll Cenler 
Lounge. 

days away! YouwgoIa dille willi "perIet. 
lion: 1M do )'011 11M 1XInI/aaIpIion7 

Come~a"''''''''''' IXI 
..... lIIdgllll8lCtt for yourvalenline's 
Day. Student HeaIIl CenIer. 2nd floor. 

WtlltUltJ." Ftm"" 5 
• 10 am. - BnIasI cnI'I. cavicaI 
CHer, urinary too inleclions. H these 
make your lop lhIee lis! 'or things yoo 
WIUOll mind sperdng a law mirues a 

~ prevenilllO. If8l stOll by a ... 
__ ........ Sludent Heallh Ser· 
vice, 2nd floor. 
• 1 p.m. -il's rnicIemltime.1IId you 
are Slressed!!! Why add 10 thai stress willl 
IJlpro4eded sdI Come 10 a .... c.-
................... (il'sonlyan 
hourl) and end your stress by gelling 
some good, reliable advice concemino 
saIer. responsible sex! SIudenI Heath 
Caller. 2nd floor. 

17,.""II.y, Ft""",,, 6 
• 10 am. - We'reasking to, cr1 hour 01 
your lime so thai we may ecu:ate you on 
safer. responsible sex. WhaI's cr1 hour 01 
your lime. in lIle scheme 01 y(U lile? 
Corne 10 a .................. 
....... Sludenf Heath Center. 
• I p.m. -Some vaginal infeclionscan 
be contracled even if you 're nol seJWally 
activci II yoo'd like to learn more abOIJ 
carino for your bOdy. come to a ... 
W_ ....... Student Health Ser-
vice. 2nd floor. 

Frill".v, Frlm,,,ry 7 
• 10 a.m.-12 p.m. - Busy on 
Friday? Make time to have your 
ell.I •• ta .. 1 dIIcbII on lhe 
second floor of Student 
Heallh Service. Pay down· 
stairs at !he cas/ller. Onfy 
$3. 

SERVICU& 
WORKSHOPS 

Monday '''rougiJ FridllY 
• 8a.m.-4 p.m.-S8 PIlI 
(Systems 01 Interacltve Guid-
anceand Information) is a corn· 
puter·based program of career 
Informal Ion designed 10 help you 
cfarrfy roor skills, values and oc-
cupational inlcreslS:Formore infor· 
malion, corneto Career Services Cen· 
ler. Admission S10. 
• ..... - II you're gradu.ing this 
QUarter and jotrseet<ing. we'II malCIl you 
wilh a professronal in your lreld of inlerest 
who Will gel yoo started networ1\ing in lhe 
local lob marJtet. Especially helpfut for 
liberal arts malOrs as an al1ernallve 10 on-
campus inlelVlewJng. SIgn up WIth the 
main lobby receplionist. Career Services 
Center. 
• 9 a.m.-4 p.m. - The Alla:1atetf 
St...... lale'lIlIl, Office 
encourages undergraduates and 
graduates in all majors to take advanfage 
01 our services. Learn how an inlemship 
can provide you with lhe experience and 
job lraining lhal a classroom education 

... _--______ • cannot offer. WeCcr1 also help you 
improve yoor resume. cover letter 

and inlerview skills. Mak ing 
conlaclsandgetlinghands-
on work experience 

",',. I Increases your chances for 
~ ~ Ii poslgraduale employment. ~• ~ Apply now for spring and ~\ ['-' ~ p- summer inlernships at the local, .. ' ~ C-~ slale and nalional levels. - : 11 Application DEADLINES: Fllday. -1J ~ ' ,/' r January 31st - San Diego ~ (spring)/Nallonal (summer): \ I Friday,February71h-Califomia 

~ I (summer). Drop by our oHice or 
-----IIii........... call 534-4689. Pllce Center. 3rd 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

MOl/dny tb,.ouqiJ Fritfnr 
• Are you Wondering how weil your 
exercise program is improving your fit · 
ness level? Then come to lhe 2nd floor of 
Ihe Studenl Heallh Genler 10 sign up lor a 
Iree mSTOP appointment. We measure 
muscular nI cardiovascular strength and 
more. 

MOlltfnr, Frbrunn 3 
• 12-2 p.m. --Do you know what your 
cIloleslerollevel is? 00 you want 10 lind 
oul? II YOU're a student. for only $3 you 
can have your cholesterDlsc,..." 
quickly & easlty at the Student Heallh 
Center. Pay at the cashier hrst & !hen go 
10 Group III on the 2nd lloor. Student 
Heallh Services. 
• 2 p.m. -II you arenl gonna sad< It. 
!hen youll JUst have to wack il! Of course. 
you could come 10 a IIrtII CcIItnI hit.,..... ...... and receivea free 
condom along wilh grea advire about 
safer sex. Studenl Health Center. 2nd 
floor. 

TlltSlI"" Frlmlilry 4 
• 11 a.m. - So this is a leap yearl Bul 
beIoreyoo lalP into bed. come toa IIrIIt 
c.tnI .. , .............. Well 
give yoo info you,., lor a IeSIlOllSIbie. 
safer love file. Studenl Health Center. 2nd 
Hoar. 
• 1 p.m. - VUlntine's Day is just 10 

Floor. Room 3.303. 
TIICJtill.y,IJroII!JI, Fritfn, 

• 1:30-4 p.m. - .,.,.,. AftIIIag 
1IMrs- Forhelp wilh career goals, job 
hunling, resumepreparalion or exploring 
professional or graduate school opportu-
llIIies. No appoinlmenl necessary, iuS! 
walk Ill. career Services Cenler. 

M."tfn:r, FturJlnry 3 
• ~10:3Oa .m.- MlItCflII"'of 
.lYorce: A group focusing on impact of 
parenlal divorce on filllily interoctions, 
relahonship Issuesandsef-esteem. Lead· 
ers: Mary McNaughton. 534-0253 and 
Sam Ballinger. Call for Sign-Up. 1 003GH. 
• 11 am.-l p.m.- AlclllII&s.. 
Itu" All ... PHr CD .... II .. : 
Orop-In advising. or byappointment. 534-
3035. Chelsea Henken. Argo 104/105. 
• 12:30-2:30 p.m. - Ak:lll1I I 
~AllalPeerC ........ : 
Drop-in adViSing or by appointment. Enn 
Wellb. 534-3035. ApI. 2110, WC .Acad. 
Supp. Center. 
. 2:30-4p.m.- &ltlllt'_Wrlt, 
III ....... : Thin« you'vewrilten t!le 
next area American novel, short story? 
Learn lhe ins cr1d outs 01 how to get It 
publiShed from our expert panel. career 
SelVlces Cenler. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - .... u. 'lata 
............ A group for undergradu-
ales whO WOUld like to explore issues of 
idenWy and relallonships. Leaders: 
MamJen Morison. 534-2237 ir1d Peter 
CocoIla, 534-3035. Call1orsilJHJp. 1003 

The UCSD Guardian 

GH. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - . ' » ' I 
_ ...... A orOl4l blJsing on 
CXlI'amS oIlJIlderpWeWOlllC'J1.leIcI-
ers: &Jjlla luke. 534-3585. IIId s... 
BiII/iIgIJ. c.t 101"""",6" 2148HSS. 

T .atL..Y, Ftlml.ry 4 
• 1.2p.m.- ... ,.. .. t. 
A one-hour wortshop for IIose daaling 
.... ingnlwe9l\ issues. lBd by RED 
peer coooseIor. ConI. Rm .• 412 MMe. 
• '-3p.m. ..... 6. 'II 
","'CI III. Drop-inacl-
vising or by appotriment. Erin Webb, 
534-3035. Apt. 2110. we Acad. Supp. 
Center. 
• 2:~:30 p.m. - AIcIIIIII'" 
......... ,.. C 111111,: 

.... MellIs -*'Y 10 dscuss ac. 
demit. persan IIId social .... as. 
lIadrJIs: Dan t.UIoz.534-1 S79I11d~ 
say Calderon. 534-0249. Call 10, 591-
up. RMIe Prows! OIIU. 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - ............ .. 
....... • ............. led 
by Chell and Usa. A weeIdy. conIidenIiaI 
~ lor wcrnen who .... 10 ciscuss 
ISSUeS iIld shale concerns In • comIorI· 
•• SI.Q)OIIIw CIMIIIIII'iIII' Dmp-ins 
welcome. or caU 534-3987 br more In· 
Iormaion. ()pen 10 UCSO sIudIJIIs only. 
Women's ResouIte CenIar. 

1711".,1I~, Ftlm,,,ry 6 
• l1am.- 'Ia'11 AI ~ 
...... learn how to construct a 
staIe-o/·lhe-art re5IMlIe N will make 

the 
Weekly 
Calendar 

Drop-in advising or by 
appointment. Dave Kang, 534-
3035. Argo 104/1 05. 
• 3 p.m. - 1ir8IIIIII1c11111 
lit ...... SeaiII- How 10 
prepare and apply lor Ph.D. irld 
academic master's programs. ca-
reer Services Cenler. 
• 3-4 p.m. - ~. a., .. 
...... ~ ... ~. 
... with David. Have a Question7 Want 
someone 10 lalk lo? Need a supportive 
environment? Drop by room 3247 01 the 
Warren Llleralure Bldg. or call 534-3987 
10 sel up an appointment wilh ereli, Lisa. 
Steve or David. 

Wtdlltma,. February 5 
• 11 a.m.-I p.m. - AICIIIII & ... 
........ ,..,c.....t .. : 
Drop-in advisino, or by appoinlmenl. 534-
3035. Chefsea Henken. ArOO 1 041105. 
• 12 p.m. - ..... die.1 ScIIIII 
" ................... fnlroOOction 
to academic and career plcr1nino lor stu-
dents inlerested in !he medical profes-
sion. career Services Center. 
• 1 p.m. - fIBI Peer W...,. A 
one-hour workshop for lhose dealing with 
ealing and weighl issues. Led by REO 
peercoooselor. ConI. Rm., 412 MMC. 
• 2 p.m - ............ SIIIIII 
WDfbIIIp-Leamleclv1iQUeS required 
10 00 sr.x:cessfulln lhe intervrew process. 
career Services Cenler. 
• 2-3 p.m. - LnIIiII. 8Iy .. 
... 1Ui lUI ......... cee ... • 
ill With Chell. Have a QUeslion? Want 
someone 10 talk t07 Need a SUpportive 
envi ranmenl? Drop by the Women's Re-
source Center or call 534-3987 10 set up 
an appolllimeni WIth Cheli, Usa. Sleve or 
David. 
• 2-3:30 p.m. - MItt CIIINrw " 
Alc •• lles PlJclle-U.uU .... 
s.w-t"'Agrouploexp!oreJOW-
ing up wilh irl alcoholic parent. LeaderS: 
Jeanne Mirlese. 534-:lO:ni.and MilJreen 
Morison. 534-2237. Call for sign-up. 
Mountain Vew Lounge. 
• 2"'p.m.-AlclllllII 'I u 
... ,.. CI IIlIal: Drop-In ad-
vising or by appointment. Eric Ferguson 
Room 109. TC Admin. Bldg. 
• 3--4 :30p.m. -CIIIIwaa(A.~ 
........................ 

you stand out Irom lhe crowd. Career 
Services Cenler. 
• ~11a.m.-AIcIIIII&' • I In 
..... ,..,C I",: Drop-In ad-
vising or by appointment. Eric Ferguson. 
Room 109. TC Admin. Bfdg. 
• 12·2 p.m. - a.c.. ....... 
..... : Led by Lindsay catderon, 534-
0249. Call for sign-up. AMlIe Formal 
Lounge. 
• 2-3 p.m - LaIIIIIw, lit 8M 1iIuuI........, .... ~ 
... wilh Usa. Drop by lhe Women's Re-
source Genler or call 534-398710 set up 
an appointment with Chefi. Usa, Steve or 
David. 
. 3p.m.-c..s ........... 
........... 1 III.a: A panel of mental 
health professionals will inform you about 
graduate education and training. licens· 
ing. and typical work responsibilities. 
career ServICeS Center. 
• 3~:30p.m.-IeclaJ."W'" 
.....,: A group focusing on OOvefoping 
social Skills. Leader: lindsay calderon, 
534-0249. call lor sign-up. 1003 GH. 
. 3-4:3Op.m·- CiIIIII ..... ...., 
.... ... : Forstudentswhomanagewefl 
bul are sometimes Iraubled by unex· 
pressed feelings. Leader: Beverly Harju. 
534-2237. Cortil:l her lor sign·up. 412 
MMC. 
• 6:3G-8 p.m. - a., .. ...... 
..... s.w-t .... , led by peer 
counselors David and SIeve. A weekly. 
confidential group for men whO wanl 10 
discuss issues and share concerns in a 
comfortable. supportive environment. 
Drop-ins welcome. or call 534-~7 tor 
more Information. Open 10 UCSO stu· 
denlsonly . Mountain VrewLIlIJIlQe, Third 
College. 

FrUlIIV, Fc"""l1,.., 7 
. ~l1a.m. · ....... &i I I II 
_"'CI n I Orop-inacl-
vising or by iIJpointmeni. Dave ~ 
534-3035. HSS 2126. 
• l1a.m. - ............... 

Monday, February 3, 1992 

......... 1 I molllljobs 
wDICies .. ~ This weB· 
shop WIilIlldl)lOU tile mosI eIIdve way 
10 lind lien. ear. ServiaIs CenIer. 
. 2-3p.m. - ............... 
...... ,.. P,IIiIIS1M. 
Drop by room 3250 0I1IIe WnIn UIera-
lure Bldg. or call 534-398710 SIll up IrI 

~ with CheIi. Usa. SIeve or 
DIvid. 
• 12-1:30p.m.-" n , c.. 
..., .... Dmp-inl1oup~. 
ing concerns 01 ~ic ~ 
sUIerU. 1.eiIdi!rs: Jan MIr\ese, 534-
3035. IIId Vivian Chee. MoIIUin View 
l.oIJlOe . 
• 2 ... p.m.- ........... 
............ : SicJportive en-
vironment tll disaIssiIg problems le-
'*' to aIcoIIoI IIId subsIirlce abuse. 
leader: Oal Munoz. 534-1579. Re¥elle 
Colt. ProY. Ott. 
• ~p.m.-~I11111,..: 

Informal group br Alriclrl-Amencan 
students. LeDr:PhiI ~.534-

0252. MoIIlIain Vrew LOIJl(je. 
SUIIIID;', Fc"""lIry SI 

. 11 am.-SillajaYogawili 
present a ... MI. II a 
,..... thai is open 10 lhe 
public. Wllelher you have 
medrIaIed beIore or Il0l, this 
program is ~ and very 
dynamic. Medilation 

st~yoor innerseff 
and brinOSdeeperlocus 10 
your lile. Davis/Riverside 
room in lhe Price CeoIer. 

MEETINGS 

Ml1IlIlnv, Fc/!r"n,.., 
' 3 . 

• 7 p.m. - II's CIrelli 
....... ,.aal Week! Find out 

abOIA !he targesl cotlegi.e servICe 
OIgirlilal!on in the counlry - Come 
to our next meelmg! Gallery B. Price 
CIner. 
• 7p.m.-9p.m.-"'~ 
aa CIIrIaII8a .......... large 

orolJl) meeting at PriceCenier Gallery A 
(prayer meeting 6 p.m., AACF office). 

T .. aJny, Fr,,",nn 4 
• 5:30-7 p.m . ..:... EierYOIle Oeeds good 
public spealdng skills. Visil l1li •• 11., 
lIal II aandleam by doing! Fun. 
supportl'tleClubatmosphere. MMC Con-
ference Room 111-A (South of Price Cen· 
ter Bookstore) More into? call Dave 546-
1942. 
• 6 PJII. -~ CIIar Meet· 
ing. Baclq)a:king. mountain biking & vari· 
ous recreational activ~ies. Come join lhe 
fun. Gallery A. Price Center (2nd Hoor 
above the lheaIer). 
• 7-8:30 p.m. - LaIIIIIw • .., 8M 
........ Alaac ..... • ...... 
...... -...PNeryTues. n~at 
!he Mountain View Lounge nerd to the 
!ennis courts in 3rd College. For more 
infomwion call 534-GA YS. 

Wtti,wtin.y, Frbr",,'! 5 
• 8:~10:3Oa.m.- W_c.a­
......... r.at Hungry beIorecJass? 
Low on cash? Wirlilo know what's going 
on at Warren? Come join us. $.50 for all 
you can eat! 2nd floor 01 Lil Bldg Provost 
ConI. Room. 
. 11a.m.·lp.m.-............ 
....., ....... laIcII.fIle Price 
Center in the patio behind Bullseye Tav-
ern (Round Tiille). Brino 1m and meet 
wilh faculty. An opportunily for students. 
staff iIId faallty to meet ea;h other in 
order 10 slrengfIIen camJXjS unity. 

71"m"lf.Y, fi:br"n'! 6 
• 10-11:30 a.m. - C fa .. 
...... ~ II's back!! Warren com-
nUers leI)'OIIr voice 00 heard. come join 
usl2nd hoar lit Bfdg. Intern Room. 
• 5 p.m. - Asian America1 culture is 
not juSllimlted 10 chOw meln and chop 
suey.Joinblt .......... UCSO's 
Asiarv'Pacific Isfander American journal, 
as we explore issues & commonaiMies .. . 
call Leng at 2tiO-1882 or Erick at 622-
oon lor more info. Room 207, Old Stu-
dent Center, 2nd Hoar above Soft Re-
serves. 
• 7 p.m. - lirf CIIIII meeting. at APM 
2113. Big Wave Classic sign-ups (free). 
All welcome. 

EVENTS &: RECREATION 

Tllestill:' tllro.'~qIJ Sntllrda.v 
• 10 a.m.-5 p.m .• Saturday 10 a.m.-2 
p.m. - David Avalos and Deborah Small 
present lheir Grove Gallery video/instal-
I .. ion ..... 113 II "0..' Gallery 
ps may plop IhemseIves down on a 
'bed' 01 haybales garnished wilh colorful 
serapes IrId Irom thai vantage point view 
lt1e InSiallalion's ~deo. Grove Gallery. 

Tum/a.? d'"'u..q!1 S""lIa .. 
• 12-5 p.m. - OCSO'S Maldeville 
Gallerywill showneartyl0hours of ..... 
.... ~ ........ IrtI...., 
............... ForffiOlelnfor· 
II1iIIion call 534-2864. 

1111".,4., dn-.~ SII,,;I,,.' 
• UCSO School 01 An:hileclurnill host 
the ...... conterne 0I1le ... 

.... C P " 0 ......... ......, 

....... For moreinlormllion, <31202-
785-2324. 

Tuatl.y. Ftlln'IIN ~ 
• 7 p.m. - ......... CIIar .. 
a..Ic ,._ ..... showing 01 
AIIrxIrIdII Neusky'S aI Soiis Hall 107. 
Free. 

FritlilY. hlml.,.., 
• 8 p.m. - PeIer MaIIIiieSsaI. IJ18 01 
Amenca's most ~ novcIisIs 
IIId nllute WIllers, will jII8SIft lIle Sprlno 
1992lriends 0I1he UCSO litnIy ..... 
.......... ' lectin. Price CCIIIer 
1heaIer. TrdBs are S15. For more 00. 
call 534-1275. 
• 8 p.m. - ComeiiIrI .......... 
.... star 01 For TVs 'In Living Colo( 
WIll per10rm in lhe MnllNilIe Audib-
rium. SlS/generaf, Sll'sen101s. SllVs1u-
dents. 

!>IItll"""', Ftlln,lI,.., II 
• 7 a.m. - PIi ... 1IIiIar a.-
... c:onIesf. 8\ack's BeiK:I1 North Park. 
()pen to MIYIR. Big priles. Info: 553-
2S 76 or S49-392S. 
. 10a.m .... p.m.-Portionolthe_ 
--.. ... on display in PriceCen-
lei Ballroom. 
.6p.m.- ................ 
....... 8ringa~lIIdlmgef. 
Come meet people lrom all five colleges. 
Sponsored by ICHRA. 

SlmliIlY, Ftbn,a,.., 9 
. 10a.m.-3p.ni.-Portiorioft!le_ 
--"_ondisplayinPriceCen· 
ter Ballroom. 
• 3 p.m. - LIlA.... .. .... ' 
1IaII ..... Muir frelds. For more intor-
mation. call 534-GAYS. 

LECTURES 

MI1III{n.', Frbnlnry 3 
• 11:30 a.m. - The Department of 
Bhnic Sludies presents a lecIure by Ross 
Frri. American University DepartmenI 
of HI~ory 'l1ti1led. -r .... T .. . 
n..: PlIIPIIe lui ..... '* CIIIw.., ......... : AI 3415 in the 
UIBldg. 

IVrd"atlav. Fr/!ruan 5 
. 7p.m.-Fwi ....... :.lIifIsymon. 
Nciional Sales Manager, XEWT Channet 
12. Every organizalion Ccr1 use a liHIe 
exira cash. Learn how )'011' organization 
131 sponsor fund raisIJs thai will 00 
suo:essIul money makers. Price Gene. 
Gallery B. 
• 8-10 p.m.-'.laaall., ... CJly 
........ ,C ... atr ... ..... 
.... ..... : Mrs. Shiloh. widow 01 
file renowned archaeologist Yiga! Shiloh, 
and a Bible scholar iIld archaeologist 
herself, will speak on rocer1 excavations 
inJersuaJem. which haveuncovcred rruch 
of !he early history of lhe city. Basic Sci· 
ence Bldg. Garren Auditorium. 

'nJllrmn.?, Frlmmr;r 6 
• 12 p.m. - The Department of 8hnic 
Studies presents a seminarby Troy Ouster 
from the UC Berkeley Sociology Depart-
ment. The seminar is entitled. 'SIIIrIIIt 
SlIt ............. 1&:1"lltal, 
CII ... QI ...... 'UtBIdg .. Room3415. 

RIUGIOUS FUNCnoNS 

T,mtinr, Frlm'IIN <I 
. 12-1 p.m.-· ..... ltatroflheOld 
and New Testament in Itre Book 01 Acts 
(Book 13). Call 534-6431 for location and 
information. 

Wttflladnv, l-i:br"lIn 5 
• 6 p.m. - II ~ like to eat. Iry our 
........, ....... prepared by 
to'M1speople from the LulheQn Comrru· 
oily at UCSO. A donation of S2 is re-
QUeSted. but nol required. University 
Lulheran Churt:ll. 
. 7p.m.-.... ...,:TheDivine 
Orama'fe(j by Peter Norrisof!he lutheran 
Campus Ministry. Everyone is welcome. 
(Across'rom Revelle) University Lutheran 
Church. 
. 8p.m.-IcIaIc"'la8I-'wiU 
be shown in color slides by Peter Norris, 
a nati'tle of lhaI country iIld a graduate 
student at Scripps Institute of Oceanogra-
phy. Open 10 all. University Lutheran 
Church. 

FrUl.y, Ft/!r"an 7 
• 7 p.m. ita ......... p;.,. 
7. Open 10 all 01 ueso. If roo have iIry 
ned Of _ 10 sMe your burdens, 
come join us for cr1 MlinO of sharing 
and prayer. ChrlSlran ~ speaker 10 
discuss lIle power 0I~. Meet at CollI! 
Room, Price Center. 

SIIIIII.,. Fclm'lIrt 9 
• 10:15 a.m.:"'bIIaair __ 
..... led Irt c..,us f'ISIor John 
Huber. All are welcome. UniWfSiIy 
l.uIuI CIutt\. 

Monday, February 3.1992 

TIME 
COIIIInued hili .... 20 

While I forgot the snap count 
almost with regularity, I am proud 
to say thai I only forgot what play 
we ~ ruMing a couple oftimcs. 
Each season. 

Despile the fact thai I had less 
ability than the kicker, the coach 
stuck me at me safety. ProbebIy as 
punisIlrncd. 

Anyway, the onlY dUng I re-
member from my days in thedcfcn-
sive backfield is getting trampled 
by very large NMing backs. Instead 
of justjuking me out and outrunning 
me, these ruMing bac~deter­
mined to see me totally humiliated 
by running into me and pounding 
me into the ground. 

Some of them would back up 
and run over me again. 

Anyway. I have found out re-
cently that I have not magically 
gainedany athletic prowess between 
highschool andUCSD. I have found 
this out painfully through myexpe-
riences with Frustraled Athlete Hell: 
Intramural Spons. 

First came flag football. Despite 
my being there. my co-cd team won 
the championship last year. Then in 
the spring we had a men's softball 
team. 

Da' Bears was a softball team 
without peer. While some teams 
played like a well-oiled machine. 
Da' Bears lurched along like a '72 
Pinto with muffler uouble. 

We managed to win our last 
game. beating another team that had 
also won only one game. We cel-
ebrated by hitting Taco Bell. know-
ing that we were no longer the worst 
team in the league. We were so 
happy that we goc kicked out of the 
establishment 

I was the lead-off man. playing 
center field. I was a naturallead-off 
man because I had the marie of a true 
lead-offhitter: consistency. I would 
consislently rol\ linle bloopers to 
third base. well, at least pan of the 
way there. I might have made it to 
base two times during the season. 
No wait a minute, one of those was 
on a walk . 

Thisquaner I am playing soccer. 
I have not played soccer since eighth 
grade. when I gave it up for my 
glorious career of forgetting plays 
on the gridiron. 

As a soccer player, I make a great 
quanerback . 

Last Friday ourteam, Swect Sen-
sation. played our third game of the 
season. Wedidn't win our first two. 
We hadn't even scored a goal before 
Friday. 

We played very well, tying it up 
at 3-3 in the second half. So of 
course. with the game on the line 
and victory within our grasp. they 
put me in the goal. 

You know the rest of this story. I 
actually made a save or two. and 
was feeling pretty good. "Hey." I 
thought. "Thisgoaliethingain'thaJf 
bad," 

Then the other team got a 
Makaway.1t was me and him,ono-
OIH)IIC. This was forthe game. Our 
pride was at Slake_ Mano-o-mDNJ. 
High noon. 

I saw him start to shade right. 50 
I took a step in dull dirccaion, He 
wound upfortheshoc,and I .. whim 
aiming to the left. I prepared to go 
the same dircclion. He shot. It all 
happellCd in slow motion. 

"Okay." Ilhougbt, ~ goes 
the bell Y cp, iI' 5 sailing riJhl pIISI 
me. Right inlO the goal. Y cp, Ihae 
il goes. Now. it's time to fall down, " 

I decided righl then and Ihae 
thIll was a born sportswri&er. 

The VCSD Guardian SPORTS 13 

Women's Tennis, Fencing POst Strong Results 
The UCSDwomen 'stcmisteam, the ladder singles matche and the 

• Fencing team keeps USC and Cal Tech 16-0. CSULB at 
third in the national preseason polls. doubles competitions. improving with least won a few bouts,lQsing 10-610 toot to the COUJ1S for its first macch Lynch. the Tritons' number-four the Trilons: 
Saturday against Division I Cal State singles player, and Chandler. impressive showing at Moriah McCauley was a perfect 
FulIcnon. and the Tri.ons got their UCSD's nwnber-fivesingles player. Cal Tech match 9-0 in leading UCSD in the rouls. first win in a close 54 victory over both won tOOr matches. 6-1, 6-4, Other big perfonnances were lumed 
the Titans. , and 6-0,6-3, respectively. The UCSD fencing team look to in by both Yumi Nishiyama and 

The match carne down to the The Trilons' number-six singles the road this weekend, traveling to Rory Velasquez, who went 10-2 
number-lwo ~bIes, which fea- player, Michelle Wilbur. beat Robin Cal Tech for a four-comered duel and 9-2 respectively. 
tured Amanda Lynch and Diane Szidalc 6-1. 6-0. with USC, Cal State Long Beach. The women are now 11 -3 over· 
ClIandlcr for the Tritons against Although the Tritons' number- and host Cal Tech. TIle men's and all. and an unblemished 10-0 in 
Marni Matsumoto and Krista one doubles team of Inaba and women's teams walked away suc- Soulhern Califomia Conference 
Hanson for the Titans. Nicole House lost 6-1, 6-1 to cessfully from the difficult banle, compel it ion. 

Lynch and Chandler came out Hastings and Alva, UCSO's num- with the teams combining for as·. Earlierthis month, the teams trav-
on lOp. with a 6-2, 7-6 (7-1) win. ber-throe doubles team of Vim and record. eled to Sianford for a meet against 

Things didn't look too good for Wilburcrushed Szidakand Danielle The men defealed USC, 14-13, Stanfond, UC Berkeley. UC Santa 
the Tritons at the begiMing of the Oleng 6-1. 6-0, while Lynch and and Cal Tech. 17-10. Theirluckran Cruz and MIT. The men finished 2-
match as all three of the top UCSD Olandler iced the win for UCSD. out though, when they faced CSU 2, while Ihe women ended up wilh a 
singles players lost their matches in The Tritons have been praclic- Long Beach. falling to the 4gers, 8- 1-3 mark. 
straight sets. ing for more than two monlhs, and 19. Heading into next weekend's 

The Tritons' lop singles player, Head Coach Liz LaPlante was happy Siandouts for Ihe Tritons in- showdown with UC Santa Barbara, 
Robyn lnaba,lostto Natalie Hastings about the way in which the praci ice el uded Chris Moody and Aaron UCLA and UC Sanla Cruz, Head 
7-6.6-2. has paid off. Shebest, both with 8-1 records over Coach Allison Reid is pleased wilh 

UCSD's number-two player. "II's a great first match for u the weekend. her team's success. 
Carla Nicolas. dropped hermatch to since they're a Division Iteam. Ev- Other winners included Grant "I'm really happy with the team. 
Fullenon's Rosanne Alva 6-1. 6-1. eryone had a really good match." Dawson. who went 6-3 on the day . We're steadily improving. AUyear 

Catherine Vim. UCSD's num- LaPlante said. and Trevor Oppliger who finished long we've been fencing highenhan 
ber-threcsinglcs player. lost to Krista The Tritons' next match is set for 5-4. expeclations. and Ilhink we'Ujust 
Hanson 6-4. 6-2. tomorrow at USD. The women were undefealed be gelling beller." said Reed. 

lbetidebegantotum.though,in - ChrJa R'I!'Ie, over the e~ent, shulting out bolh - Gregg Wrenn 

Bring this coupon in and get 

any clothing pur~ha8e of $15.00 or more! 
Offer Valid Fe~rllary 5 - 7 ~ 1992 

----------------------------------------I COUPON 
I 00 COUPON I I I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

any clothing purcbase of $15.00 or more! Valid Feb. 5 -7, 1992. 
Clothing Department only. One coupon per item. 
Four coupons per customer. Coupon must be reo 
d .. med at purchase and may not be combined with 
other coupons. or used for items already reduced. 

LJLSL..J 
.H_ HH(· ~ ' ( ') J-~t 

= :UCSD BOOKSTORE ~ ~::.4 GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 71 06 
OPEN: MONn FRI SAM, 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L _____ ~ _______________________________ ~ __ ~ 

TODAY! February 3, 
We begin our return of all 
Winter Quarter Textbooks 
to the publishers. 
I.. IL-ol I 
f" ,~ !" f UCSD BOOKSTORE 

TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 634 - 4557 
OPEN: MOM· FRI lAM· SPM AND SAT 10AM - SPM 

.. 4w .. » 
,Lt. 

.IS 
• ~ g 

,. 

• 



" 

1. SPOIl.TS TbcUCSDG ........ 

Second Chance Not "Enough for UCSD 
• Men's volleyball 
can't make up for last 
month's loss as UC 
hvine wins in three 
By KIrsten .....,..... 
StlIfr Writer 

The UCSD men's volleyball 
team tried to avenge it5elf on SIIUr-
day night against UC Irvine, but the 
Antealers wouId no( be Slopped 
ua pulled off its second win of the 
seasonoverUCSD, ina 15-12, 1.5-
8, 16-14 victory. 

UCSD battled hard throughout 
the match and remained a threat to 
ua up until the final poinl. 

"We gave away easy points and 
serving cost us," said UCSD Head 
Coach Rod Wilde. 

The Anteaters and Tritons mel 
just two weeks ago, so both teams 
were aware of each OIher' Slrenglhs 
and weaknesses. 

UCSD went into the match-up 
with a game plan, but Wilde felt the 
players didn' t execute it well . 

0lIl10 nIIde off four straight points 
and take the same 1.5-12-

A oonttoversial call began poe 
two and gave a side-out to UCSD. 
BrentCouiure was the Tritons' pow-
erbouse in the same as he served for 
silt of their ei8ht points. 

UCSD jumped out 10 a Iead in 
poe three, which it maintained un-
tillhe end. 

But the Tritons' serving COISt them 
the win. UCSD couId not capiIilize 
on fi ve consecutive side-out 
oppotunities. 

"We didn't close it well," said 
junior Lamson Lam, an outside hit-
ter for the Tritons. 

Paul Warren came off the bench 
to help the Tritons' cause, posting a 
.333 hining average. 

Nllle Brown and Gerry Goldstein 
played well at the outside hiuer p0-
sitions. They had hitting averages of 
.2,5() and I.<XXI, respectively. 

Tyson Kerr had 13 kills in 20 
attempcs with only four errors, giv-
ing him a .4.50 hining average. 

Bruce William had II kiUs in 

Leland Quimo led UCI with a 
. .564hining pera:nlageforthenishL 

Despite the loss, the TrilOnS were 
able to achieve one of Wilde's pri-
mary goals, that of apadinl out the 
UCSD offensive aaack. which was 
demonstrated by the Tritons' .301 
hiuing perccnt.age and 133 total 111-
tempts. 

But a fiustnIcd Wildcexplained 
thai UCSD wasn't able to perform 
to its full pocentiaI. "The pIap1 are 
going to look beck and feel they 
gave away the game because they 
didn't execute Ihe game pIan," he 
said. 

Wilde said thII there isa fine line 
that forms within a player'. mind. 
He explained that they have to play 
as a ream and no( beconcemed with 
individual plays. 

UCSDtakeson La Verne tomor-
row night. La Verne is not as stron8 
as the learnS that UCSD has come 
upaaainst recenlly, but Wilde is not 
willing to make any predictions af-
ter witnessing Saturday night's per-
formance. 

Down 12- 11 in the first game, 
Irv ine began to feel threatened. The 
Anteaters came back after a time-

20 anempts with zero errors, lead-
ing him to a . .5.50 hining average on 
the evening. 

"'We need to pick ourselves back 
up. We shouIdn 't 10sebecause wc're 
looking back," he said. 

, DlrlIiIcDIIIII*~ 
Despite the &ood play of Nate Brown, UCSO Iostto UCI on Saturday night. 

0\\ «:::Iav ~hing. "m.'~~nieh> Jn>p"" you .lust call'. 
your dry ch.'ilnillh . Pi k up . live ... , .. " 
gro ' r i 'S o Do y\\lIr bil nking. Yo ur ..,. • ~J d i L't i n~ . Yo ur art fril m ing . And QI •• . 
Ilt'Vl'r m o ve yo ur CCl r . v_ 

If you 're hungr fo r a n il ll -yotl - , .-
l-a n -t:'lI t trca t, o rne to th e S ... 
bel ...... Pick MeDona'd'. w ith 
pI ., lilnd to keep eVt:' ryo ne in the 
fclnliTy ha ppy. To o.;,ltisfy your 
cra v ing for il good book, ~h\lp COSTA VERDE 
I •• k.t.r. Looking f(lr il good 
btl y? Th. Mo .. '. W •• rho ••• '" iI J 
~lIi t you fine . And ilJJ the comfo rts 
of h llmL', arc wait ing <I t PI.r 1 
'Rlports. 

For illl those everyu il y things 
th 'lt lIsuclll y til ke 10 trips, tilk ~ 
s ho rt lit in~tecld . Eilsi l'r living is 
r ight Mound the corner. 

At Cos ta Verde. 
Corner of Genesee & 
Lil Jolla Village Drive. 
.J5R-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstar • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 

important financial aid .notlce 

Dea line: -arc 
Current students ttho wish tQ submit 1991/92 applications or Stafford Loans, Supplemental Loans 
for Students (SLS), and the Parent Loan (PLUS) Programs must do so by this deadline. This 
assumes you have already submitted a Student Aid Application for California (SAAC) and have 
been evaluallid MId detennined to have Stafford/Supplemental Loan eligibility. M.-ch 2 is also the 
deadline for all ItUdent-initiated revisions, budget extensions. and budget add-ons. For funher 
infonnation, ~ your college. 

• t u d •• r y I ••• . ,~ , I 

• 

Monday, February 3,1992 

W.HOOP 
,..".. ... rr- .... 20 
spots for UCSD in Ihe same as she 
helped control Point Lorna's 6-1 
center Rochelle UghIncr. 

Behind lkaver, UCSD out-~ 
bounded the Crusaders 48-32, with 
21 of those rebounds coming offen-
sively. 

"We kep( them off the boards," 
said Malone. "They jUSl made a 
better peICeIltage of shots." 

But the slower...Tritons, now 9-7 
overall, couldn't keep pace with the 
ulHempo Pl..NC offense and quick 
shooting. 

"We didn't run the transition at 
all," MaIone said. 

With seven losses, UCSD must 
now begin to question its playoff 
chances. 

MaIone asserts that that is still up 
in the air, and i concerned more 
with the Tritons ' doing what they 
can to make the post-season pos-
sible. 

"Our goal is to win the rest of our 
games," she said. "If we do it in a 
decisive manner, you never can tell 
what's going to happen." 

PLEASE IABY PWSE 
............... _ .... 

.. • ClI .. 1II1111 ~ In l1li SIuIIInt CerOf, .-. A. 

GOT AN OPINION? 
Wrile llotlOrlO die cdilDr. Leaen obwld be 

Iyped. doubIe-If*Od, ODd _ iM:I/Mk • .-
and I ""'* -w. dIOse wiIbouI wilt .... be 

priNtd. Brin& your IeI1cr 10 Ibe GUlli. 
offices 01 mail it 10 die opinion cdilOr. 9~ 
Gilman Dr. 0316 La lolla, CA 92092.0316. 

SWIM 
ConIInued ......... 20 
"I was rally illlJRSSed with the 
results." 

Ocher eXcep(ional swims on the 
men's side, according to Boyd, were 
John Aower's.50-yard and lOO-yard 
.freestyles at 21.69 and 47.3.5 re-
specbvely. "He has been really sick 
so it's good to see him back up there 
again," said Boyd. 

Jeff Vance also had a good 200-
yard backstroke (I :59 . .56). "He will 
be going after his cut next week-
end," said Swenson. Mike Pahland 
had another lifetime best in the 200-
yard freestyle ( I :46.59) . 

"Mike Pah\and is leaming more 
and more each week with his 
swims," said Boyd. "He's getting 
faster and faster." 

According to Jim Steen, head 
coachofKenyon,theLords' expec-
tations were the same as UCSD's in 
1986whentheTriton wenttoOhio 
for the same type of dual meet. 

"The whole idea is to get two 
top-rate swim teams, match up the 
swinuners in head-t<rhead compe-
tilion so that the meet is competitive 
- requiring each individual to deal 
with competition at hand instead of 
just swimming for a time," said 
Steen. 

Steen attributes Kenyon' s win to 
the opportunity to compete in such 
close competition. "Anytime you 
travel 3,000 miles for a swim meet 
between two of the top teams in the 
country, if you don't feel inspired to 
win, you feel obligated to," said 
Steen. "We had a Jot of in-season, 
that is unshaved untapered, bests." 

Brian Dowdall , national cham-

BASKITBALL 
SUPERSHOf 
COMPETITION 

Test your sbarplhooting skills in the Intramural 
Supenbot Competition. You will bavc-,-
mjoyte CD .hoot _ many buutI as pouible from 
• variety « polDt pDlldoDs. High point winnen 
wID compete fOl' the c:hImpioDlhlp at a Triton 
baaketb.ll pme halftime. 

Sip up between February J .. 7 at CanyoaYiew, 
UCSD Reaeatioo AdminisntioD Offkea, 

,S3+4037 • 

The UCSD Guardian 

pion in the 5O-yard freestyle for 
Kenyon, swam his lifetime best in 
the .5O-yard and I oo.yard freestyles, 
unshaved and untapered. "The work 
load is a little higher this year," said 
Steen, "and it's pretty motivating 
when you can swim fasl in-season 
with a higher workload. We are 
looIc.ing forward 10 some fast swims 
al nationals." 

"II's been an inspiring event. Both 
teams have gained mutual respecl 
forthe talent on each team," contin-
ued Sleen. "Thi doesn ' l happen 
very often in Division m." 

According to Torn Scotty, head 
diving coach for UCSD. the diving 
match between UCSD and Kenyon 
on Saturday was jusl as exciting to 
walch as the swim meet. 

The women's one-meter diving 
went to Kenyon but the three-meter 
competition was won by UCSD. 

' 'The girl 'conlest was aboul as 
exciling a contest as you could see." 
said Scotty. 

" It was a head-to-head contest. 
both girls scoring very consistent 
high marks," Scotty added. 

Inthewomen'sone-meterevenl , 
Kenyon's Susan Kelly took fi rst 
with 265.95 poinls, and Jill Jackson 
from UCSD look a very close sec-
ond with 262 .35 points. 

Inlhethree-meterwomen's div-
ing, Jackson took fi rst with 260.48 
points and Kelly took second with 
249.90 points. 

"I'm very happy with the out-
come," said Scotty, "Jill Jackson 
definitely took: a tep up in this 
competition. There is no question 
that the pressure in front of a large 
crowd and being the only competi-
tor representing UCSD helped her 

SPORTS 15 

Sabrina Lum won the 20().yard butterfly during Saturday's meet. 
perfonnance ... 

According to Scolly. the meet 
was a close one, highlighted by its 
consistency. "Jackson perfonned a 
lot more difficult dives and she hit 
Ihem all," said Scotty. "Jill was 
close to sevens, which is considered 
a high mark, on all of her dives." 
said Scotty. 

"The meet reslored a lot of con-
fidence in all the UCSD divers," 
said Jackson. "Even Ihough I was 
the only one competing loday, it 

made us feel like we have a good 
chance at winning nationals this 
year." 

The Guardian 

Read It. Use it to wrap fish. 

NO INITIATION FEE 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
bener bargain. 

EIcp. 2117192 

.A~ ·lFECYCl~ 
• FREE WEIGHTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRMASTERS • ClEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAUlllUS • PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 

·4 MIlES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind Pat's Sport) 
483·9294 

also located near SDSU (698·1702) 

;",-, ... ' --r 

We are now hlrln~ !~ ~.~~ ~992-93 'a~ad~ri1I~ y~~~_. 
I 

- .. - RFTHCOLLEGE - <" . 
RESIDENT ADVI$OR __ -

POSITIONS 
-. 

, 
. ' j 

\ - . J • •• .,'. , f 

, REQUtREMENTS: • 2.6 GPA preferred "- . . 
~ .. :.. ~ 1-= ---'-.roe~ ieade ..... lp abil~~--- -

" ., :.- . _ .. interpellOll8l skills Iuid .. --j r 
't ,_. 1 

.'. proJI1IrnmIRI experience . ~ I . -. --
-:-' ' 

> • 

• ........" Februry I .~ ....... PlpperClnyon~, 9 p.m. 
" '. 

MIIr, ,..., 14 o\ppIIcltlolldll 4 PIlI 
"'*-dIJ,"" ~nqt 1IdtI_ ~-

... t 

~--------------~--~~~~------- -----~-----



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
1NTEAESlED".rMCAL SCHOOL'I 
A repr ...... tativ. from the Medical 
College of Pennsylvania wi be on 
campus Friday. Feb. 7. 1992. 2:00-
3:30 p.m. Career Resource Ctntef 
MuIIipurpoM room. (213) 
GUIEA PIG fnlelOloYInghome. SWeet 
female. lots of personality. Fun petl 
Shynn .53-8929. (213-216) 
Stud.nt/SIaff/Faculty int.racllon 
mee*'o Fri .• Feb. 7. 3:00pm. at Not1h 
SIudent eonter8la Room in !he Old 
Studenl Center by the Grove Caffe. 
Officers will be elected. (213-216) 
AFRICA STUDY AND INTERNSHIP 
OPPORTUNITIESI Find out about 
quarter, semester, summer and year 
programs in many African countries. 
Com. 10 Ih. International C.nt.r 
Conference room. Wed. Feb. 5. 1:30 
p.m. (213) 

These 
people must like yOU! 
Please fmd their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) .............. 50-3323 
UCSDEArs 
Ashoka Indian Cuisine .454-6263 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
La Jolla Br.wing Co ..... 456·BREW 
Papachlno's ................. 5-46·7666 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 
Salsa Rio ...................... 453-405O 
Heldi's .......................... 450·3044 
La Salsa ...................... .455·7229 
Domlno's ..................... .452·UCSD 
Choices ........................ 554·FOOD 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695· 1990 
Robert's ........................ 275· 1132 
Tom's .......... , ................ 450·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSDHAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair, PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 5-46·7666 
Rocco's, UTC ............... 455-0420 
Essence Saion ............. 453·9477 
We eare Hair ............... 587-CUn 

UCSDBEAUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558·1 858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Alita Electrolysis .. .... .... 454-6980 

UCSDHEALTH 
amNESS 
Being Rt ....................... 483·9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Baskel ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
College Tours ............... 455-07.7 

UCSDETC. 
Cal Copy .................. .... 452·9949 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
BonzaJ Bungee ............. 988·7272 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270·3680 
Video GaJI8Iy ............... 452·1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578-5745 
Futons. Less .............. 578-5745 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 3, 1992 

CLASSIFIEDS 
1987 Red Toyota T.rcel. 80K. 
shMpIkN.AMIFM~.~, 
NC. new 1nMI. 1IruII, and dutch. 
OIdnl break down once in lilt 5 years. 
Reliable and fun. $3500 obo. Tana, 
270-1488. (1130-213) 
Surfboard. 6·" a. ••• 1. Excellent 
coudilion. CIeIr. no B.S. $150. 481 · 
5403. (1130-218) 

Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rat~ per 15 words is $lfor 
stud~nts (for personal use only J. $3for faculty and staff. and $4 for others. Paym~nl 
in advance is required; therefore. ads must be mailed with a check (mode payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue. and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla. CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A. top floor. 

Guitar .nthullalt. - 12·.trlng 
Takamlne-Jasmine acou.tic guitar. 
hardly UNd •• xceIIenI concItIon. S250 
abo. Shiny newl Call Bryan 488-027 • . 
(1130-216) 
JVC car st.reo and two Pioneer 
speaIcara. Brand new I StiI in origInIII 
box. S2OO. 558-8415. (1130-213) 
Cheap books. good shape. P.ych 106 
$40. Physiology of Behavior. BIo 151 
$41. Hum.-. Physiology. Cal552·1154. 
(1130-213) 

Student/Slaff/Faculty Int.raction 
I~Wed .. Feb. 5 11 a.m. 10 1 p.m. 
at Price Center in the patio behind 
Bulaeye Tavern (Round Table). Bring 
lunch and meet with faculty. (213) 
ASIO CA. INTERNSHIPSt Summer 
deadline: 2f7. Senate Fetlowshlp: 2119; 
Stanford Unear Accelerator Program: 
2121 . 534-4689. (213·216) 
Personal financial opportunity of the 
decadel Let me show you how to earn 
a substantial income from home without 
working, selling or investing. Call Scott 
at 486·4290 eve. 6·9 p.m. (213-216) 
Study Abroad series. Rfth College Res. 
Halls. 7 p,m. Feb. 3. No language 
required, other Asia in DANA Hall. E. 
EuropelUSSR in DeAnza Hall, Japan 
in Ogden. Come hear informalion and 
discussion about living and studying In 
Ihese countries. (213) 
AFRICA STUDY AND INTERNSHIP 
OPPORTUNITIESI Find out aboul 
quarter. semester. summer and year 
programs in many African countries. 
Come to the International Center 
Conference room, Wed. Feb. 5, 1 :30 
p.m. (213) 
FOOD drive Feb. 3·7. Bring canned 
food to Price Centerlyour conage for 
AIDS FoundationlSan Diego Food 
Bank. (213,216) 
VOLUNTEER al A.S. INTERNSHIP 
OFFICEt Gain interpersonal and 
general office skills; make contacts; 3 
hrslweek. 534-4689. (1127·213) 
DISSERTAnONWORKSHOPS, Stuck 
in the process? For wrinen information 
or scheduling call 692·0966. 
POS1graduate Group. (1130·3112) 
STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTRALIA. 
Information on semester, year. 
graduate. summer, and internship 
programs in Perth, TownsviHe. Sydney. 
and Melbourne. Programs start at 
$3520. Call 1·800-878-3696. (1130·21 
10) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND-Calculator. in Galbraith Hall, 
on 1122192. Calculator, in 518 MMC, 
on 1128192. Keys, (6) near APM lobby, 
on 1129192. Calt Wayne at 534··0599 or 
E·mail wfrater@UCSD. Identify and 
claim. (213·2110) 
LOST-Necklace with gold chain and 
cubic zirconia pendant. Very 
sentimental. Generous reward. 546· 
186B. (213·2118) 

FOUND-Calcuiatof. in Galbraith Hall. 
Call Wayne ~599. Identity and 
claim. (1127·213) 
$50 reward for my black, Schwinn High 
Sierra mountain bike. STOlEN 11211 
92. YorII Hall, 278·5174. (1127·2127) 
LOST: Rfth College first class gf8Y 
sw.atshirt extra large. Sentim.nlal 
value. Reward. call 587·8771 . (1130·21 
3) 
LOST: black lINe brace 1124192. Has 
two velcro strips. Please call David 483· 
7058 if Iound. (1130-213) 

SERVICES 
MACINTOSH HELP I One·on·one 
private Instruction. I'll come to your 
hom. or bu.ln.... Patient . 
knowtedgeable. convenient. f\el(ibIe. All 
levels. abilities welcome. $35Ihr. Call 
A.J. 452·3142. I do IBM. tool (213·21 
13) 
SCSI DRlVESII New with warranty. 
200 MEG Maxlor 3 112 " super quiet 
$4891$55OwiIh case; 650 MEG Fujitsu 
5112 · $1 .4251$1 .550;950IIEG Fujitsu 
$1.6991$1.850 . CIII: "i7-1178 
COMPURX. UCSD P.O.I OD - 1.110 
_ lNIy accept trade-Ins. (213·2110) 
Word ProcesslngfTyplng: Academic 
manusaipls, papers. theses , letters. 
resumes. Accuratelfast service. Mary 
Ann 452·9439. (213·412) 
RESUMES, Profess ional word 
processing service will give your 
resume style. PagesPlus 452·1240. 
(213·216) 

Psychic-tells past. present and future 
specializing in reuniting the separate. 
One free question. Phone 294-2012. 
(213·2113) 
TUTORING- math. physics. computer 
programming. engineering. Help with 
homeworlt Prepare lorlesls. Mark, 221 · 
7176. (119-2110) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xerol(es and more. Near St. Germain's. 
452·9949. (9123-614) 
Olga Sari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Hoiiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-46441226-1962. 
(1/6-3112) 
Having a bad hair day?CaJl "The Cure' 
haircuts - men $10, women $15. 
Appointment 558-4656. (1121 ·3112) 

PIANO LESSONS can be fun! Patient, Guitars: Steel string acoustic. Per1act 
.xperienced. local teacher. AI IeIIeII condition. $75. 452·2085. (1130-2113) 
welcome. Joan Kurtand. 457-8065. (11 
16-2110) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers. resumes. Laser printing, 
spellcheck. $2.50/0S pag • . 
Experienced. Reliabl.. Input/output 
S8],()Oao. (1130-2113) 

HP95I..X Palmtop PC with built-in lotus 
1·2-32.2 and 512K RAM. Brand new. 
Unopened. $450, Contact Ming: .50· 
9130. (1130-213) 

WANTED 
CHILDCARE. Experienced. licensed, CDs. casaettes. VHS r1lOIIies. Top $$ 
caring mother. 3 min from UTC. UCSO. paid. Music Trader. 7094 Miramar Rd. 
R.asonable rat.s . Referenc.s 693-1469. (1127.3112) 
available. 558-2426. (1130-2113) 

FOR SALE 
FOI'd Escort wagon. 1981 . Very roomy. 
runs wetl, good student transportation. 
$1100. Pierre 296·1923. (213-216) 
Bridgestone RB·2 RaCing bike. 
Woman's 18- excellent condition $350 
o.b.o. 554-0653. (213·216) 
11K ~. $2300. 5 Me RAM. 40 
megabyte hard drive. Carrying case. 
The highest .,-ed ...gular-.Ized 
Maclntosht Call Matthew 469-3906. 
(213·216) 
1980 Honda Civic. 5·speed. new 
brakes, clutch. tires , battery. excellent 
stereo system. $1350. 459·9519. (213· 
216) 
HPIIP Laser Primer. barely used. under 
warranty. in bolt $700 . • 59-9519. (213-
216) 
Vail '91 AlI·CaI shells for sale al RISC 
table in the Price Center. Tue-Fri. 10-1 . 
(1127·213) 
Biancl mountain bike wi lock. Good 
condition. $225. Call Zak at 259-1287. 
(1127·216) 
Must sell 1980 VW Rabbit. Fuel 
injection. Greal condition. $1500 o.b.o. 
Cail454-4966 mornings/afternoons. (1 1 
9-3112) 
SIOUXSIE TIX FEB, 4 Good Seats. 3 at 
cosl. Call 558·2594 or 558·6662 (1121· 
213) 
'86 Chevy Sprint. auto. air. AMlFMcass. 
warranty • • 5 mpg. xlnt condo $3200 
o.b.o. 583·5141. (1123-2110) 
Dresser. solid maple: $50. 6·string 
acoustic guitar: $75. Paul 296·5359. (1 1 
23·213) 
Airline ticket SO to Frankfurt leave 3115. 
Return 3130. $470, Call 793·2683. (1 / 
30-213) 

FEMININE IRRITATION AND 
ITCHING? Joseph F. Kennedy. M.O .. 
and Harris Ctinical Development are 
testing a new aeam for treating vaginitis. 
Women with symptoms of vaginal 
discharge, Irritation, itching and burning 
maybe.1igibIe toparticipat • . Five office 
visits are required during the 5-week 
study period. A complete physical exam 
is provided at no charge and sludy· 
related care is free. Those completing 
the study will be paid $150. For turther 
information. caD Tracy Wilson, R.N., at: 
619·.55· 7520. 9:00·.:00 Monday 
through Friday. (1123-2118) • 
Wanted: Umpires for spring quarter for 
La Jolla We League. Excellent pay, 
Call Bryan 279·9177. (1130·2113) 
Male models. Buitt. defined fQr Playgirl 
submittal. $500. Photo to Box 34012. 
San Diego. 92163. (1130·2124) 
Can you write to me? I'm in Aa. death 
row. locked in a 6x9celt 24 hours aday. 
I could certainly use any human contact 
I can get. from people in the "Real 
World.' Can you help? Robert J. Long. 
M94041/F1orida Stat. Prison/P.O.Box 
7.7IStarite. FL 32091 (1130·216) 
Versatile bassist and drmmer for original 
band; variety of styIesIInfluences John 
273-2145. (213·2110) 
Mod.ls wan led for haircuHing at 
Ess.nce Salon. across from Ihe 
Elephant Bar. No short cutsl No charge I 
To book appt. call 453·97 44 and ask for 
Rob. (213·216) 
Art students. Need money? I need 
sk8lches of cats and dogs. Pl.ase cal 
Kathy 749-6091. (1130-213) 

HOUSING 
Master bedroom available in beautiful 
La JoIaColonycondo; allachedgwage. 
laundry inside. shared spac. lully 
furnished; IookingfOl' responsIlIe, quiet 
student or professional. $4751mo. + 11 
2 utilities. 558·2688. (1130-216) 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH (;"Turtle Wax Sealer 
8505 COl'. V.rd. Blvd .• 587· ... 44 

COSTA 
VERDE 
CAR. WASH 1 ... ~UC8D 

• 
La ...... Yllla,. 0,. UTe 

J I. t I ... 1 ••• 
" 

-----------------------

: Full SIrvIce 3 99 I I ~?~6~P~!As!! .... ! 
I C"RWMH ................. 1M...., - I 

e.,IiII"" L~_~~ __________________ J 

Monday, February 3,1992 

Huge studio condo Nort1 P.tt uptown. 
rae room. Murphy bed wi draMn & 
shelves. Sec. bkIg~1)IItIiIg. 
Close to UCSD Mad CenIIr $550 542· 
1717. Leav. mesuge. (213-216) 
Female roommale wanted to ahare 
master bedroom. IncludM GREAT 
roommates. balcony. WMhIdryer and 
pool , ldeallocation:34Abuaor 10 min. 
bike ride. between Vans and UTC. Cal 
45HI131 . 5278.50 + 1,. utiI. (213-21 
10) 
Beautiful. UTC. ~t spa. 2 rooms 
S3OO-$350 negotiable. Nonsmokers. 
into heatll, ike cat 453-4519. (213·21 
13) 
HUGE masIar bact'oom tor rwL La JoIa 
Terrace CXlIldoe -112 mi. from C8f'IllUS. 
gIHg8. pooI+J-luzziin~.$&49-
utitie8 no ctwge. Cal ED 552·1506 or 
456-9638. (213-216) 
Room available in spacious 1700 aq f1 
townhouse. I •• s than 1 mile from 
campus. Pool. fireplace. plenty otlstreet 
parking. Non-smokers please. $3601 
month plus 1/. utilities. JohnfTom 296-
1386. (1123·216) 

The UCSD Guardian 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many FOOD drive Feb. 3-7. Bring canned 
pcIIibls. Greatbenefits. Cal (800) 338- food to Price Centerlyour college for 
3388. X P·3387 (1121,2113) AIDS FoundationlSan Diego Food 

Bank. (213-216) 
SUrrR 1lANA0000NT INTERN-
&tIP Interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable .xperlence managing all 
aapec:ts of a successful business, 
Average gross profit $ t 1.287. Last 
chance for inteMews. Call Triple 'A' 
Student Painters for information now. 
1-800-394-6000. (1116-2127) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
crui .. lhips. Students also Meded 
Christmas. spring and summer for 
amusement park employment. Call 
(800) 338·3388. X F·31.7. (1121 ·2113) 
German tutor lor informal tutoring of 
gfacluate student several hours a week. 
Call Lee 535-t734. (1130-2113) 
SecretarylClericaI. Ael(ibIe hours -
perfect for student. Experience in Word 
Perfect. Typing. telephone. Scripps 
Ranch area. cal MarIssa 586-1111 . (11 
30-213) 

PERSONALS 

To my ftybop-Take me on a joyride. 
Flying high in the skyl Won't you let me 
be your co-pilot and hold your stick. 
XO's REOn'HAl. (213) 
Math tutOl'ing at your convenience I Call 
the Math DoctOl' (Tony Craddock) al 
453·7725. (1127·3112) 
Michelle. Founder's Day was Ihe 
greatest! Your AOPi sis. Lynn (213) 
Resident Advisor Applications for Rfth 
College NOW AVAILABLE. DUE 2114. 
Pick up referral , Career Services. (11 
13·211 3) 

Roommate(s) wanted. Masterbec*'oom. Ryan and Termey. Lip sync wouldn't 
own bath. Solana Beach area. Pool and have been the same without you I I Alpha 
jacuzzi $400-$500 (negotiable). 259- Omicron Pi (213) 
8891 . (1J3().2f6) ----------
Female roommate wanted to share fuUy 
furnished condo wli walklng distance 
from UCSD, Has own room, Only $385 
+ 112 utililieslmo. Non·smoker1I. Cal 
Judy 558·1534. AvailabieASAPI (1130-
213) 
NEAR UCSD. Choose from four 2BR 
condos. La Jolla VillagelColony, 
garages. washer/dry.rs. AHP 695-
0980. (1130-2110) 
ROOMMATE NEEDEDI Own room. 11 
3 utilities. $310. 2112 miles to campus. 
across from UTC. 450-3426. (1130-21 
13) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MAKE S20 driving here from San 
Francisco. BrIng me my folding wooden 
chair. being stored at my friend's apt. 
nearUSF. AnaJee452-3142. P.S. Sorry 
Byronl (213-216) 
General ..... chlerrand us't $8 p.h. 
Contact Wayne at 456-3914 or 688· 
2100. (213) 

~~'''% ~"~~the 
New Initiates of 

Delta Delta Delta 
Gamma Lambda 

Chapter 

Winter 1992 

Wanted: HIV positive individuals wiJijng 
to be int.rvi.w.d for stud.nt 
documentary. Anonymous or otheIwise. 
481-3099. (1130-216) 
SIgma en and sister sororities, Derby 
Days was awesome!! Until next year-
Alpha Omicron Pi (213) 
To Brothers of Sigma Chi: Thanks for 
the hoppin' exchange Friday nlte. Can't 
wait to show you our stuff at Derby 
Daysl Love, the ' Pink Ladies' of Alpha 
Chi Omega (213) 
Pi Beta Phi proudly pres.nts their 
newest members and sistersl 'We love 
youI' (213) 
Hey Chi..o pledgesl Thanks for a great 
informal. _ had funl Congrats. Pi Phi 
Pledges (213) 
Study Abroad series. Fifth College Res. 
Halls. 7 p.m. Feb. 3. No language 
required, other Asia in DANA Hall. E. 
Europell.JSSR in DeAnza Hall, Japan 
in Ogden. Come hear information and 
discussion about ~ving and studying in 
these countries. (213) 

Research Volunteers 
UNHAPPY? 

FREE reeearch studies eveluat· 
ing medicationa are Ivailable to 
people 18 or older lufferingfrom 
~n.Symptomsinclude .. d· 
ne ... fatigue. Iou of interest in 
daily activities, changes in Bleep 
and weight, hopelellness. and 
indeci.ion. Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free medication, lab 
te.ta'. phy.icals and paychiatric 
evlluationa. Small travel pay· 
m.nt offered. Call for a confi-
dentisl evaluation. 

[J{ffi = 564-0100 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(POSitions limited) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 
training you can find ! 

EARN $6-$ 12,000+ while 
managing your bronch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992, 
Call 

1-800-KALL'UPP today 

I~_ PARI~!!~PC:!»R!M~~I ES 
Int.r .... lon: .. ey 21 - Jun. 12 
Summ.r .... Ion: June11- July 24 

• More ...... ,..... offw'lI ... from 1M 
Urio'verelty' .......... aurrtouIum. 

• A ........... FfWtdIIeng ...... ',......,....,.. 
progqIII, ........... culture' MIIIditg IOWa Mel 

con~ .. _10;18_ 
• A ahort oourM on ...... Gemwty 

ouIInInaIIng In a ftve.cIIIy ......, trip to .... In. 
• W •• '."" excuralone: Norn.-Idy. 

Cllamp ..... LoIre V.'1ey chili aux. end 
QIwmy. 

........... toure wIttIlM Un~ of 
T .... a tile unfvenlty of .... 
Ham ..... . 

........... M2 
•• 11 Illar Pr .... _ .... 0 ..... ' 

n.~IUnIwi .. ' fIIf ..... 
___ ~ ... 1IiIii/iIU..S. 0ftI0e 
..... 1, .. """,,,, 4M 
.... YarII. .... Y .... ,_ 
T ... (212) gr • ..,.. ..... (212) .. ,.... 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

IT DOESN'T TAKE A BRAIN SURGEON TO 

ACETHEMCAT 
IT TAKES A PRINCETON REVIEW STUDENT 

Average score increase of 40 percentile points 
Actual MCAT materials . 
Fewer than 10 tudent per cia 
2 Full Length Diagnostic Tests 
2 H:t1f Length Diagno tic Tests 

Week comprehensive review of all the facts you'll 
need to ace the MCAT 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

695-9952 
mE PRINCETON REVIEW-WE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME 

WEDNESDAYS from 6 to 1 0 PM 
UeSD NIGHT AI 

~~~ ~~~ ~~iI (J)()~ ~ ~ 
. 

DUFT 
IRS $1 LARGE 

PI HAS $5e99 (Upool proofol2l) 
(wi lh SlOOenI ID. $1.00 pcrlowing) t OtIMarHoil,;lIS ~ 

• Take 1·5 nonh 10 Del Mar Heiglils, righl on Del 
Mar Heighls. Ihen righl on Carmel COUniry Road. uell ~ 

nu". ~ 
PillA j 

look for il on the right hand side • f 
12840 CARMEL COUNTRY ROAD • PHONE 481·SrUF 

LA JOLLA BREWING COMPANY 

Sun.-Thun. 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am·2.n 

"Hey Red, this is the best beer 
ond fish sandwich place in town ,N 

~$~" 
• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oysllr Bar 
• 21/W student 10 1' . 

7536 FAY AVE. 9f CALL 456-BREW 



18 SPORTS 

CONTACT LENS $69 $89 
Complete Complete 
Daily Son Lenses Extended son Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 

........ ----'----
Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 

-Includes: CL exam, care kit , myopic lense , 30 follow up. 
Brands include B&L, Cooper, WI, 
Paraperm, Boston. 

(~, UIII, .. 1//61911 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmont Me a Blvd. 

• S.rvlc. 
• Q •• llt, I,.c.r. 
• ...... _ftl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Avc. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10-5 

---------------

• I 
COFFEE 
& TEA 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS 

2 for 1 

• 

ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS 
v .. lid with coupon and SlU<ientID only befween 2:JO iInd 6:JO p.m. 

£Kplres 1116191. 

STORE HOURS 
M-Th 7 am-l 0 pm; F·Sa\. 7 am· ll pm; Sun. 7 am-9 pm 

LIVE MUSIC 

• 

Wed. & Thurs., 7·9:30 pm, Fri. & Sal. 8·10 pm gJ-------
8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 110 ~ 

San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 • 

------------------------

ROBERT'S 
A TO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH a JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exir) 
San Diego 

(f·IO).)·· II')" . ., . ~ .)- .). 
Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p.m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

6) 
18ridc. 
MOIaI_ 

•• _ ..... e • 

....... -....-.. 
___ TWA. ,r. 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

-Except motor and trIuIIIiIIion -Ual. Not q)jd with any other CQUPGII. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 3,1992 
. 

Lacrosse Misses Chances, Loses 64 
• Despite defensive 
effort, offense sputters as 
Tritons' inexperience 
shows in loss to Bruins 
ayGNaWrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

Lacrosse i no« an easy spon on 
goalies. It's not like hockey where, 
if you give up six goals, you're out 
of a job. In lacrosse, if you give up 
six goals, you did a good job. 

Of course, no matter how good a 
team's goalie is, the team still needs 
some offense. The UCSD lacrosse 
team had the first ingredient on Sat-
urday, but getting the second going 
was a problem. Hosting UCLA, the 
Tritons failed to take advantage of 
their opponunities and fell to the 
Bruins, 6-4. 

1be game started out slowly for 
both teams. 

Neither squad could punch it in 
during the first quarter, with shots 
flying everywhere except in ide the 
net. 

Early in the second quarter 
though, UCLA broke through and 
went up 10{) with 3:36 gone in the 
period. 

UCSD responded throe minute 
later as Brent Hilsabreck took a 
sharp pass from Dave Pogrel 15 
yards in front of the Bruin net. 
Hilsabreck faked hi way up the 
middle and fired the ball in from 
seven yards OU\. 

UCLA actually put the ball past 
Triton goalie Geoff Appuhn once 
more in the period, but the score was 
called back on a crease violation. 

While the first halfwas adefen-
sive battle, the third quaner was a 
shootout. Seven goals were scored, 
including UCSD's last three. 

Only a minute and a half into the 
period, UCLA had bumped its lead 

M. HOOP 
ContInued 110m pap 20 

TIle Tritons took control early 
with an 80{) run at the beginning of 
the game. But Whittier was able to 
close the gap, and was behind only 
22-2 1 witheightminutestogointhe 
first half. 

Then UCSD decided to really 
put away the game, The Tritons 
went on a fi ve-minute, 16-3 run that 
basically ended the game. 

As the half e~ the Tritons 
were up 43-31. 

The second half taned out even 
faster than the first. Again, it was 
Moore taking it to the hoop for two 
points, this time only ix seconds 

Darren Gasperry heads downfield in Saturday's 641055 to UCLA. 
to 3-1. 

Pogrel cut the lead back to one 
four minutes later with the fU'St of 
his two goals. Taking the ball in 
front of the net, he danced in, pin-
ning and juking, rifling it in from 
Ii ve yards out. 

UCLA scored twice more before 
Pogrel struck again, this time from 7 
yards on the right side of the net. 

lee Caner finished out the Tri-
tons' scoring at the 11 :50 mark of 
the third quaner with a shot that 
bounced high into the net. 

For the game, Appuhn ended up 
with 17 saves. 

into the half. 
With the outcome of the game 

no longer in doubt, Marshall 
switched into a zone defense. "We 
needed to practice it, to run it out on 
the floor. We needed to transition 
from zone to man and vice versa. II 
was a case of having an opponunity 
to play zone and we needed to prac· 
tice it," he said 

Marshall alsono«ed anotherpoint 
OCSD has to work on for the stretch 
run to the playoffs: "consistently 
keeping focus through the first half. 
The second half has been a good 
half for us all year long, but in the 
first half we have a tendency 10 lose 
focus. We really need to spend some 
serious timekeeping our focus when 

Despite the loss, Head Coach 
Bruce Seitz was pleased with his 
team' s perfonnance. 

" Defensively we were very 
sound. I thought we did really well 
considering that it's a brand-new 
team. It was a real improvement 
over our last game," Seitz said 

Seitz's main concern was over 
the struggling offense. 

"The UCLA goalie playedagood 
game, but any time you hold the 
other team to six goals, you should 
be able 10 win the game. We had a 
lot of opponunities, and we just 
couldn't do it." said Seitz. 

we get upbyeight or 10," the coach 
explained. "Learning how to play 
with a lead is still something that we 
need to do." 

1be Tritons continued their suc-
cess from the three-point line in the 
Whittier victory. Led by Erik 
Iohnson's 4-6 shooting, UCSD had .. 
I I from downtown. 

As a team, the Tritons shot 55 
percent from three-point land. Two 
games ago, UCSD shot 69 percent 
from the three-point line. "The three 
pointer is not really pan of our of-
fensive game plan. We have some 
guys that are capable ofsllooting the 
three-point shot, and we don't put 
handcuffs on them and tell them 
lhey can't," said Marshall. 

Monday, February 3, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

AIDS MEMORIAL QUILT DISPLA Y 
PRlCE CENTER BALLROOM 
February 6 - February 9, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

HEARTSTRINGS - MUSICAL EXTRA V AGANZA 
COPLEY SYMPHONY HALL 
Student performances 
February 7, 8:00 pm and February 8, 2:00 pm 
Tickets are $ 5.00 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Cemer, Third Floor 
Come and get involved!! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL ... 
...WiII be meeting again 
Wednesday, February 5, 6:30 pm 
Nonh Conference Room, Old Studem Center 
Write one, get one free!!! 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday, February 12, 1992,8:00 pm 
Revelle Matthews Apartments E-5 
For more info call Student Organization Office, 534-4090 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
"ROAD BROWN" 
History of Jim Crow battle and the Civil Rights movement 
Friday, February 7, ;;00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREE! 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
• Apply now for summer-internships in Califomia! 
• Deadline: 

Summer · California Program - Friday, February 7 
• Specific Califomia Deadlines: 

California State Senate Fellowhip, Sacramento - February 19 
Stanford Linear Accelerator Program - February 21 
UCLA Laboratory of Biomedical and Environmental Sciences· March I 

• San Diego Deadlines: 
NCR and Hewlett Packard - February 21 

• Pick up applications at our office in the Price Center, 3rd Floor, Room 3.303 or 
call for more info at 534-4689 

BEAR AND SAMOVAR: THE RUSSIAN CLUB AT UCSD 
MEETING AND RUSSIAN FILM 
IVAN V ASILEYICH'S CAREER 
Wednesday, February 5, 7:00 pm 
Galbraith Hall 1438 

DIALOGUE 
An informal discussion group of women and men haring towards a deeper 
understanding of feminist and .humanist issues. 
Every Tuesday, 6:00 pm 
Women's Re ource Center, 2nd floor of Price Center 

UNIVERSITY TOASTMASTERS 
PUBLIC SPEAKING WORKSHOP/CLUB 
Meets Tuesdays, 5:30 - 7:00 pm 
MAAC Co,!ference Room III ·A (South of Univer.>ity Bookstore) 

VEGETARIAN RECIPES 
... are wanted by the Eanh Day Coalition. We're looking for some tasty, healthy 

recipes fur our Eanh Day Newspaper in April. Drop the recipes through the slots in our 
office window. That's in the Student Center above Soft Reserves, room 208 
MODEL UNITED NATIONS 

MEETING 
Monday, February 3,6:30 pm · 7:30 pm 
MUNOffice 
Nominations for '92-'93 officers, Far West Conference and accept nominations 
for 1992· 1993 officers. 

SPEND SPRING BREAK SKIING ON LAKE POWELL 
Why stay at horne when you can come to Utah to waterski and pany wi th UCSD 

H20 Ski Club! The cost is only $250 and it includes EYERYTHlNG! Space is filling 
up fast so come to a meeting ... 

Wednesday, February 5, 6:00 pm 
Santa Crull Room 
or call Alex at 259·5583 

KOREAN-AMERICAN CAMPUS MISSION (KCM) 
Monday, February 3, 6:00 pm 
APM2402 

... . .... ----_ .. __ .,.._- ---

, 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
RESTAURANT NIGHT 
Monday . February 3. 6:30 pm 
Meet at International Center Lounge to carpool 
All welcome 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB AND INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
V ALENTLNE'S DAY DANCE 
Friday, February 14,9:00 pm · 1:00 am 
Intemational Center Lounge 
Valentine's Day is coming! Come dance the night away at the International 
Club's & I-House's Valentine's Day Dance. Live 01 and light refreshments. All 
welcome. 

CREDIBLE CASE FOR THE BIBLE 
Wednesday, February 5, 7:30 pill 
Davis/Riverside Room 
Sponsored by Sojourners Christian Fellowship 

MULTI-CULTURAL ENRICHMENT PROGRAM 
Celebrate Chinese New Year 
Sunday, February 9. 11:00 am . 4:00 pm 
Dell Mar Fairgrounds 
For more info. call the Warren Dean's Office at 534-473 1 to ~ign up 

SANGAM, THE EAST INDIAN AND PAKISTANI CLUB 
PICNIC AND VOLLEYBALL GAME 
Saturday, February 8, 12:00·4:00 pm 
Location TBA (Look for flyers and posters) 
Meet at the International Center at II :45 am 10 carpool. Meet new people, bring 
a dish for all to enjoy, and have fun!! All welcome. Ca ll Sandy at 558·8106 for 
more info. 

m 

ECONOMY STi~lKS !:~ 
~:r 

I 
t 

- .... -,.... 
•• 'I I I 
' : ,,-1"', i' \.-, 

- . 1 . 

,"\ ;- ,-;-
, :...J __ 

__ I i.-
• ' o..J v ' I _ 

"oWE;::;! ~.ar; 
1W~;ma;5 

fi'BIIJ.\I!X 7 1!JR 

..,.talIiI ........ #lfWl( 
II ;!~~,-y .. .. 
~~fI'"'tUII~~ 
"f'f"".~' 

ri_~ 
~YFg,lIJ!Q1i1111 
'.:D6llTB:Z~ 
lUlI'R!!3. :l:t\:.6a1 

AS PROGRAMMING PRUfNTS 
MADE OF THIS 
WEDNESDAY AT NOON 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA 

AS Programming Meeting 
tues at4pm 
conference room 8 
Third Floor Price Center 

-.- .... URSD.A.'Y FEB 6 . .. 99,:1. 
PR'CE <:E .... 'TERTHE.ATRE 

AT 6 : ~C> '9 ~ ... : ~<> 

lKllfIAVAIlA1U MAPVAI(UAIlltf IOXtlRaOIIHOIIIH(JII Al llt[ POO 
----' 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
THIS WEEK is An Event In Three Acts (AIDS Awareness Week) in 

which the AIDS Quilt will be displayed here at UCSD. Several volunteers are 
still needed. If interested stop by or give us a call. 

The Vol unteer Connection i al 0 presently planning an exciting volunteer 
project for Spring Quarter called H nds On San Diego. Participants will learn 
through hands on experience about volunteer opportunities in many areas of 
concern. We need your help! If you are interc~ ted in being a planning commillee 
member, call the Volunteer Connection at 534· 1414 or pick up an upplication at 
our office located in room 3.302, third floor of the Price Center. Only 6 positions 
are available so call us and get involved today! 

Here We Go Again!!! Active Students for Kids will be having anOlher 
information nite for those who are interested in working with children. The meeting 
will be February 20 at the Riverside/Davis room at 8:00. This is the last OppollU' 
nity the year, so don't miss out!!! 

19 

c: 



20 SPORTS 

OVER 
TIME \~ 
~ GREGG WRENN 
sweet Sensation 
of Sportswriting 
L AS r TIIURSIJAY in his column. Jason Snell explained why he didn't wanl to be a 
sponwriter. ow. I will explain 
both why he i." and why pretty 
much every other ~pon~wriler 
doe~ what they do: tho~e who 
can'l pray il. wrile about it. 

Th ~imple fa I i~ thai m<>!>t 
~porhwrilcr:. are bom non-
athleles. I f you have ever been in 
Ihe press-box of a major ~poning 
event. you have .. een a whole 
bunch of :'Iogie-chomping. nacho-
slurping. beer-guzzling. brJlwur.it-
belching writers who thin!. that 
typing eighty word~ a minute i~ 
the uthletic equivalent of complet-
ing a Irialhalon. And thai's just 
the women. 

It would be safe 10 say the v~t 
maj rity of sportswriters are 
fruslrJled amateur athletes who 
played s me kind of spons, 
sometime in their lives. Maybe it 
was a lillie J. V. football in the 
temh grade. or maybe a se . n 
riding the pine a.<; u junior on the 

hoops~uad. 
For some real>on. rnost of these 

wrilers have suffered tragic. 
carcer-ending injuries lhat cut 
sh r1 a promi ' ing career. You will 
often finu writer.; passing the time 
ber re !.ickoff wilh heroi tale of 
athletic glory that ftcn Mart out 
"Bef re my knee tell off, I rJn a 
10.1 in the I meters ... " or ,. [ 
used to throw a 95 mph heater, 
Ihen a dog bit me right on my 
rotator cufL". 

I TOO IIAVE m share of golden accomplishments to share with 
other sponswriters. And yes. I 
really did have a career-ending 
bask.etball knee injury. A promis-
ing c:rreer? Well, I did average 1.5 
points a game. for the two game [ 
played before being felled. 

I can still recall the day when I 
lold my coach that 1 would never 
play ba.~kctball seriously again. 
Wilh tears in my eyes. I waited for 
his repon,e. There was silence for 
a while and then these fifteen 

word~ which I will never forget: 
"Well. at least you won't have 10 
wash the uniform before you tum 
it in." 

De::.pite the knee injury, I was 
able to continue my football 
career, much to the lament of my 
teammates. I played all sorts of 
positions: quanerbnck, free safety, 
wide receiver and tackling 
dummy. 

QUARTERBACK WA definitely my favorite po ' ition. The QB 
is the player in totill control. 
Which made it especially hilarious 
when I forgotlh snap count. If 
there are any other quanerbacks 
out there, they'lI sympathize. 
You'd be hard pressed to find a 
QB anywhere who hasn't 
forgotten when the ball i going to 
be hi~ed or worse, what the play 
i. 

See TIME, Page 13 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 3, 1992 

Swimming Unable to Dethrone the Lords 
• Despite 10 , UCSD 
exceeds expectation 
with tong howing 
again t national champ 
By Suzanne Porush 
Staff Writer 

Three Triton swimmers quali-
fied for nationals during U SD's 
swimming and diving meet versus 
Kenyon Col\egc Saturdayanernoon 
at the Canyonview pool. 

nfonunatcly, however, the 
Lord were the beller leamthi!. time 
a~ they knocked ffU S071 -3 10n 
the men" ~ide and 62-49 on the 
w men·s. 

According to UCSD's H end 
Swim oach Doug B yd, alth ugh 
the tcum suffered a loss, it surpassed 
his e pectntions. 

"Wehad mcdi~ppointments. 
but overJII the people thut 1 w~ 
surprised with outnumbered the dis-
appointments," Boyd suid. "I am 
real\y happy with the outcome, we 
are wny ahead of where we were last 
year. " 

According to Assistant wim 
Coach Daryl Swenson, UCSD had 
three women qualify for nati nal~ 
for the first time on Smurday. 

Jamee ou h made her ut in 
both the 50-yard freestyle (24.66) 
and in the fi~tleg ofthe4x 1000yard 
freestyle relay. 

TanyaSetnmqualified inthe 200-

yard back Iroke, untapered and 
unshaved, with a 2:12.84, and 
Jocelyn Rothbard qualified in the 
200-yard freestyle at 1:57.38. 

"My swim felt really fast. It feels 
good to qualify now and get it out of 
the way." said Couch. "It takes a lot 
of pres ure off of me." 

Boyd 'aid that the team mem-
bersareusedtoswimmingfi rthem-
selv ,and for good limes, againM 
Di i!>ion I school ' li~e USC and 
UCLA. "Now we have added pre~­
\ure to win ra~ and score points, 
and it'~ I10t only produ ed great 
results, bul it's been fun,"said Boyd. 

On the avemge, a cording to 
Boyd, everyone ~wam faster than at 
previous meet~ thi year. 

"This is what college swimming 
i~about:'hesaid. "Wejustdon't get 
theop nunity forthis kind of com-
petition very often." 

On Ihe men's ide, a cording 10 
Swenson, Travis Miller had an im-
pressive ~wim in the 500-yard 
free lyle, where he set a new meet 
record with a 4:44.57. 

Miller also sw:rrn a fa~t 1:55.67 
in the 200-yard individual medley, 
beating national champion John 
Landreth. 

"Last year at nationals it came 
down to the wire," said Miller, "I 
wasn't ready to let him beat me 
again. 1 was prellY pumped up SO I 
gave it my best shot." 

Other great swim ,according to 

Despite Jamee Couch's 5().yard freestyle win, UCSD lost to Kenyon. 
Boyd, were Brenda Weigel's 50-
yard freestyle (24.89) and her life-
time best in the 200-yard butterfly, 
2: 11 .89, "She will be a big-lime 
200-flyer by the end of the ye:rr:' 
Boyd said. 

Rothbard 's best untapered and 
unshaved 1000yard freestyle (54. 18) 
and Selmn's l.000-yard freestyle 
(10:44.16) were aiM) highlight of 
the meet. 

Connie Romero had a notable 
triple perfonnance in the I,OOO-y:rrd 
freestyle (10:38.61), the 200-yard 

freestyle ( I :58.94).andthe500-yard 
free~tyle (5: 18.01). 

"Even though I did nol have any 
competition in the 1.000." said 
Romero. "I swam really well and I 
was really !>urprised at my time . ." 

Accord ing to Setmn, the d i~tance 
swimmers hilda meet ing with Boyd 
before -the meet at which he went 
over how he felt they might place in 
the I,OOO-yard freestyle. " He had 
predicted one and three and we ac-
tually wen I one, two," said Setmn. 

See SWIM, Page 15 

UCSD Basketball Overwhelms Whittier, 91-67 
• Moore'~ 28 point lead 
Triton over Poets, 
extending UCSD 
winning streak to 11 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

Perhaps a frOnlCQUrt of 
Longfellow. Yeats and Cummings 
would have helped the Whittier 
College Poets on Friday night. The 
writers could hardly havedonemuch 
worse than the real lineup which got 
beaten by UCSD 91-67. The vic-
tory put the Tritons at 15-4 on the 
year and increased their winning 
streak to eleven games. 

TIle outcome was never really in 
doubt. Just seven seconds into the 
game, UCSD's Chris Moore got the 
ball, drove up the left ide and popped 
a three-pointer. It was the first of 
three treys on the night for Moore, 
who exploded for 28 point, includ-
ing 19 in the first half. "It was one 
of those night . You have some 'up' 
nights and some 'down' ones, and 
i\lllight wasjustoneofthe'up ' ones," 
said Moore. 

• Erik Johnson was also on tire for 
the Tritons. Afterscoring four points 
in the first half.1ohnson canned four 
three-pointers in the second, finish-
ing as-the only other UCSD player 
in double figures, with sixteen. 

It is not often that somebody 
who is 6-10, 250 Ibs. is invisible, 
but that's what Whittier's Arthur 
Phillips wa::.. The big man was "a 
non-factor. He's got an NBA body, 
but he's not going to be the guy that 
huns YCtu," said UCS D Head Coach 
Tom Marshall. 

Marshall knew entering the game 
that although Phillips was big, the 
real threat came from forwards Rob 
WillbanksaooTony Strickland. As 
a result. the Tritons geared their 
defense toward stopping those 
threats and letting Phillips do his 
worst. 

It turned out that Phillips' worst 
was only bad news if you were a 
Whittier fan. 

He finished the night with only 
four rebounds, three of them offen-
sive. Despite those three, he fin-
ished with no points. 

See M. HOOP, Page 18 

Tritons Lose Control and Game, Fall 75-61 
• W, Hoop drops to 9-7 
after disappointing loss 
to the Crusaders; Young 
leads team with 23 points 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

TIle ucso women's bask~tball 
tearn played 38 minutes of good, 
solid basketball Friday night. Un-
fortunately for the Triton. how-
ever, Point Loma Nazarene Collge 
played 40. 

The Crusaders all but stole the 
game (rom UCSD. The Tritons 
seemed to have the contest under 
control in the closing minutes of lhe 
first half. 

But Point Lorna went on to take 
the 75-61 win on their home coun 
Friday night. 

It's no accident that Point Lorna, 
15-6 overall, i one of the most 
feared teams in the NAJA. 

With the Tritons up by two, and 
only two minutes left in the period. 
Crusader guard Christy Stevens 

went on a tear. canning two three-
pointers in a row and driving the 
lane for two more, to give her tearn 
a 40-30 lead at the hillf. 

"We played well for 18 minutes 
in the first period." said UCSD Head 
Coach Judy Malone. "Our defense 
let down in the last two minutes. 

"1bafs what good teams do," 
she said. "They capitalize on mi -
takes." 

The Tritons were able to keep 
pace with Point Lorna in the second 
half, but couldn't quite manage '0 

overeome the ten-point first period 
deficit. 

Halfway through the period, 
UCSD,lookingtomakearun.came 
within nine. But Stevens, who went 
9 for 19 on the evening. buried an-
other trey to put lhe game out of 
reach. 

Cari Young led the way for 
UCSD with 23 points and Lisa Bea-
vercontributed IStoward the losing 
effort. 

Beaver was one of the bright 
See W. HOOP, Page 15 



......... --

What a Rush! 
Will sororities rush in the summer? 

BY ANGELA ROVA, ASSOCIATE SPECTACLE EDITOR 
According 10 Panhellenic President 

Elizabdh Lawson, the group will use a 
study dooe by the University of Southern 
California several years ago as the basis for 
its own study, the fmdings of which it 
willlhen take 10 the IdminiSlralion. 

woman 001 to be asked to join a sorority 
befoce her classes have even started. 

"However," DeWine says, "the other 
side could say, well. you're not giving that 
studenI as fast an opponunity 10 adjust 
because a fraternity and sorority, if they're 
acting the way they're supposed to work, I 
think help a student adjUSlto college even 
more quickly." • 

Sororities at UCSD recently voted to allow the Panhellenic council to investigate the option of conducting 
rush before the begiMing of instruction in 
the fall of each year. 

"'Thcrc would be a concern to not have 
[rush] compete with WelCome Week so lhal 
the studeds would have the opportunity to 
panicipalC fully in their own college 
experience," DeWine says. "It would 
probably be just prior to Welcome Week. 

"The further we push it away from the 
beginning of school, the more we push into 
people's summer work schedules and their 
ability to generate thai additional income 
they need for college," DeWine notes. "II's 
going to be more expensive to go through 
rush. So we may be excluding people 
fmancially from panicipaling in Mh." 

"[Rushing] obviously does impact 
academics, but if we IooIt statistically, the 
average sorority grade point average is still 
above the all-women's average," DeWine 
notes. "Traditionally, the sorority system is 
at least a 3.0." 

1berc are several other options for 
Panhellenic to consider. Many sorority 
systems are now holding deferred rush, 
slarling either in the winter or spring tenns. 
This allows students to adapt to college life 

"Right now, they are going to be 
defining and looking at what are the pros 
and cons associated with a pre-school 
rush," explains Senior Student Affairs 
Officer Paul DeWine. He adds lhal it might be traumatic for a See RUSH, page 57 

I I~.PENS'ON· Brakes I~ SU~ . Struts PlUS . Front Ends 
,. SPECIALTY CENTERS Alignments .... ~--
r-----T-----T-----' I FOUR·WHEEL I Computerized 1 Front End I 
1 BRAKE I AF'llont Endt I A~~:r!'t I I SPECIAL I gnmen 1 Rotation I 
: $69~"" :~~: $1995 : 
1 M-11IMn .. WIInnIy I .".",. arM._ 1 Tot .. orIy. lIooI ... ,,,.. I RopIoco ~rd_'_ AllllIIouIour a __ E""2J17 ... 

'olors rddNIW'__ I tour............... p8 - - - - , qIindot. __ • (TNCllla_txnI • Strut Package 
~ _~.cr.l . E""V17... ... SpecIal I e~ ....... -.-- ... ----~ ":.:'== I Front End $39951=:=='::--. 1 

......... Elp.V17 ... I Alignment 1 ~--,. Ftot ...... 1 
""'~.--. 

• L FllEEAUGNMENTCHECI( II !.."':" .. =':.~ L &ptoo1l17... ... 
.. - - - - - - n...." ... E ..... VI7.t2 - - - -I Oil Change ~ - - - - ;.a 2·WheII LItItIme 1 
I Special lncWos:kAIt. I Front WheII om. I ~44951 

-".14) ServIce $5995 PolIcy I $1295 IDS.- .. I SpecIII :.. I '=~c!,=-C:~ I 
I - . l c.v ......... ~2nd I --",,~ 1 1I00I-. • ___ 112_ _nCIIIIS .... (T1IIC1II 
L h" ... 1117... • _ ......... 2117 ... lrd--~E.IprIe 1117 ... . -----~----- ----_ .. 

• SUlpllIIIon LIllI· BocIr unalnd LowIrIngI AVIIIIIIIe 
Miramar Auto Center Winston Square 
6696 Mirmar Rd.'1 •• 3112 Midway Dr. '0 

558-8562 ,.\. . '. :' 223·2248 

The 
Princeton 
Review 

The 
Princeton 
Review 

The 
Princeton 
Review 

LSAT&GRE 
Cia.... now. 

(61,9) 695·9952 
....... 

.. - J _ .... b c an A.'. 
............. ..." .... A. 

$ummerCash 
We can give you a summer job that will take you places. Places 

like Los Angeles , San Francisco, Dallas, New York and Miami just to 
name a few. Affiliated Services Inc., an agent for Mayflower Transir, 
is looking for hard working individuals with a sense of adventure to 
fill summer postitions in our household goods fleet. 

eNoExperleoceNcces!Ia1'Y 
e Free Tralnlog 
• Excc1knt Earn1np Potential 
e See lbe Country 
e Meet InterestJaa People 
• Scholanhlps For Top Earners 

You Must Be At Least 21 Years Old 
Have A Good Driving Record 

Be Ambitious 
For More Information Attend A Free SemInan 

Date: February 6, 1992 
Place: Price Center, Davis Riverside Room 
Time: 7:00 p.m. 
Call 1-800-428-1204 to register. You do not need 

~o register to attend, but it would be appreciated. ~ ~ffiliated Services, Inc. ~ Agent for MAYAm-W8. w.- TRANSIT 
M.yfIo_. M.,e- T,onak, and die abip .ymbol ar .... demark .... d ..me. ...n. 01 
Mayflower T, ..... 1Dc:. P.O. _ 107. lndo .... poIio. Iadi ..... ~~OJ07. ICC No. MC-~3-C. 
Prinocd lA .... u.s.A. 1991 Mayflower T, ....... Inc. 

The UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, offers an inten-
sive ABA Approved post graduate 14 week 
LAWVER'S ASStSTANT PROGRAM. This Program 
will enable you to put your education to work as a 
skilled member of the team. 

on campus 

Wednesday, April IS, 1991, 11:00 am 10 1:00 pm 
Career ServIces Center Conference Room 

For more information 
contact your career center al: (619) 534-4939 

----------------------------tiP UCSD lewyefa Aulat."1 Program ~1\'l'l'Nly Room 318. Serr. Hall SiIIn OteOO. CA 9211 0 ~~ (\ian DIe&, t619) 260·4579 
Name ____________________________ __ 
Current Addr ... _________________________ _ 

Clty _________ _ State __ Zip ___ _ 
Current PfIone. ____________ _ 

~'Phone' 

• 

No Beer Here--
Pre ... professional and academic fraternities cut through 

the haze and move to weightier activites 
BY KARA SA UL ,CONTRIBU TING WRITER 

I t would be hard to escape the calls of Greek Rush week. T-shirt and posters are constant 
reminders. and tables in the 

Price Center make regi (ration 
easy. However, there are two sets 
of Greek .Ielters that are not a part 
of the action. yet are definite 
established frntemitie . Phi Alpha 
Delta and Alpha Kappa Psi are 
pre-professional and academic 
fratemities on campus. Because 
neither of these fraternities is 
aff~iated with the Interfrmemity 
Council,therefore members are 
free to join a social fraternity as 
well . 

Steve Moawad, a member of 
both Sigma Nu and Phi Alpha 
Delta, described the benefits of 
pursuing a membership in both a 
pre-professional and a social 
fratemity. "A social fraternity 
concentrates on building close 
personal friendships, whicb 
endure over a lifetime. Profes-
ional fraternities concentrate on 

developing skills that will help an 
individual in a particular profe -
ion or ituation:' 

According to fraternity 
literature, the Honorable Warren 
E. Burger. retired chief justice of 
the United State Supreme Coun. 
believes, "Phi Alpha Delta has 
played a significant role in 
undertaking to bring about the 
improvement of legal education 
and the modernization of stan-
dards for admission to the Bar." 

Aside from having many 
pre tigiou alumni. Phi Alpha 
Delta is known internationally for 
its service to the student, the law 
school. the profession and the 
community. UCSD is the home of 

the I I 3th chapter. Selll ing at 
UCSD last spring, this pre-
professional fraternity has 
accumulated more than 60 active 
members. Serena Harris, president 
of the univen;ity's Phi Alpha 
Delta chapter, explained that pre-
law students on campus now have 
an "outlet" through which they 
can explore their career possibili-
tie , and find infonnation about 
law school admission tests 
(LSA T) and community service . 
options available to them. 

Alpha Kappa Psi is "the largest 
business organization in the 
world" boasts Ron Lamb. 
president of the UCSD chapter. 
Designed 10 prepare its members 
for future career endeavors, Alpha 
Kappa Psi helps members gain 
experience in organization, 
management, public relation . 
administration and social pobe. 
Although Alpha Kappa P i 
chapters nonnally work through 
their campus bu iness college, 
UCSD does not offer that lUXUry. 
However, Lamb is in close contact 
with the national office and 
assures this chapter's efficiency. 

Although at one time strictly 
male, both Phi Alpha Delta and 
Alpha Kappa Psi are currently co-
ed. Ironically, the majority of the 
fraternity members are women. 

Phi Alpha Delta, e~tabl ished in 
1902, merged with a women' law 
sorority, Phi Delta Delta, on 
Augu t 12, 1972. Currently there 
are approximately 130.000 men 
and women members of this 
fraternity nationally. Harris 
clarified. "When you look up 
fraternity in the dictionary it might 
say broIherhood. but for our 

purposes it means friendship. The 
word has to be defined by the 
membership." 

Originally developed in 1904. 
Alpha Kappa Psi realized the 
benefits of a co-educational 
system in 1966 as a result of the 
Women's Rights movement. 
Lamb admits that "Anyone who 
had vision realized back in 1966 
that the world is cOoed. Basically 
most of our leaders right now are 
co-ed, even on a national level." 
Consequently, of the six CUJTent 
officers of Alpha Kappa Psi. there 
is only one male. 

Membership to both fratemi-
ties is based on the intere t and 
determination of the pledge. 1l1ere 
is no bidding or hazing. I f a 
UCSD student believes in the 
goals and purpo es of the frater-
nity, they are welcome to join in 
pursuing membership. 

Phi Alpha Delta's fall pledges 
interviewed and obtained signa-
tures from active members during 
their rush. After initiation, there i:. 
a fee of $40. given directly to the 
executive office. Located in 
Granada Hills. California. this 
chapter's Pili Alpha Delta contact 
aids the chapter with any infonna-
lion, references, or brochures 
needed. A $15 quarterly fee is 
asked from all mernben; for office 
supplies. 

Unlike Phi Alpha Delta. Alpha 
Kappa Psi is for both undergradu-
ates and graduate students. 
Although Phi Alpha Delt~ is 
continued as a law school 
fraternity, the chapter at UCSD is 
"pre-law." Lamb describes Alpha 
Kappa Psi's open policy: "We 

See NO BEER, Page S7 

MUIR FRESHMEN 
Ie TRANSFER ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 
Obtain a job referral form at Part-Time Employment and 

bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS . 
Deadline for applications: Friday, February 7 

This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job. 

LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
IN THE U.S. COAST GUARD 
Seniors: Looking for a jpb that is meaningful , protecting the 
environment, saving lives , or stopping drugs? The Coast 
Guard is looking for women and men, ages 2 1-26, to serve 
as commissioned officers on our team. 

SophoM.O.R.E. : Minority Officer RecrUitment Effort is a 
program that will pay your tuition . books and a salary while 
you stay in school to complete your degree. Upon graduation 
you will be trained at otflcer Candidate School and earn a 
commission. 

Contact your local Coast Guard Recruiter at (619) 226-a222 
or 1 (800) 284·8724; or write: 

Coast Guard Recruiting Office 
3555 Rosecrans St. , Su ite 201 

San Diego, CA 92110·3224 

Includes: Shampoo ana quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service prices reg. $21·$26 

I Standby fares are subjeCt to availability 
of stylists. To Insure faster serl/lce. It'S 
best to come in on weekdays. 

t-lAi~ 
G~?"'iC:S 

457·3334 
8843 Villa La Jolla Dr. e La Jolla, CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Ralph's, SavOn) 

- p ... . -



S4 Monday, Fcbnwy 3, 1992 

Considering the Temple of Greek Philanthropy 
BY MEl iNDA HAMilTON , SENIOR STAFF WR ITER 

Dan McOoweII~ 
As part of its philanthropic activities, fraternity Sigma Alpha Epsilon recently "adopted" a stretch of 1-5 
between the Nobel Drive and highway 52 exits. . 

lip hilanthropy is the best part [of being in a 
greek organization)," said Anne 
Kieselbach, president of Kappa Kappa 
Gamma. "It's an opportunity to give 

something to someone else." 
Kieselba:ch heads a sorority which won a 

nationalllward for its philanthropic activities in 
1988 and 3Jl9lher for overall chapter excellence, 
including its philanthropic activities, in 1990. 

While some people believe that all fraternity 
members do is sit around and drink beer, and that 
sororities are populated by airbeads, most greeks 
spend a good portion of participating in their time 
philanthropic activities. 

All greek organizations engage in some son of 
philanthropy, and community service takes 
precedence over fundrai sing. 

"We like to have people working with other 
people," said Robert Rubio, secretary of Sigma 
Alpha Epsilon. "We aim for the guys to get 
something out of it." 

Many times sororities and fraternities conduct . 
joint philanthropic events. Not only does it increase 
the number of hands able to help out, it also . 
provides a constructive social alternative to 
exchanges and informal parties. . 

1lle most recent major greek philanthropic 
activity occurred last week as Sigma Chi fraternity 
sponsored Derby Days, the biggest a11-campu 
fundraiser. 1be annual event traditionally draw 
help from all the sororities on campus as well as 
several of the fraternities. Sigma Chi President 
Sherman Griffon said the activities this year 
included several competitions, such as a "swing-a-
thon," put on by the greek community and other 
campus groups. 

Griffon added that there was also a volleyball 
tournament, as well as ticket selling for a barbeque, 
in which all the food was donated by local re tau-
rant Johnny Rocket's. 

All the funds raised by Derby Days will be split 
between the Children's Hospital of San Diego and 
UCSD Day Care. 

In addition to Derby Days, Sigma Chi offers the 
"Sig Shuttle" to elderly members of the community 
in need of assistance. As an ongoing service, the 
fraternity brothers pick them up and drive them 
where they Oeed to go, whether that be a doctor's 
appointment or grocery shopping. 

Julie Chung, last year's philanthropy chair for 
Delta Delta Delta, said the sorority's largest annual 
event i an auction. She explained that al\ the 
sorority's members solicit donation of good and 
services to auction off, with the funds raised going 
to charity. 

1lle money from this year's auction, totalling 
$2,500, went to Children's Hospital of San Diego, 
according to Chung. Last year's auction, the first 
time they sponsored such an event, raised $2,300, 
also for the ho pital. 

Current Delta Delta Delta philanthropy chair 
Alison Hay said the sorority plan three major 
events each year. In addition to the fall auction, 
members make Easter baskets and valentines for the 
children in the cancer ward at Children's Hospital in 
San Diego. Hay added that the Children's Hospital 
chain is the sorority's national charity. 

TIle benefit auction is the group's only 
fundraiser, although the group i thinking of starting 
another one involving the parents of members and 
the annual parents' weekend event. Most of the 
sorority 's activities are community service, such as 
feeding the homeless and cleaning up the beaches. 

Hay said she does not believe greeks participate 
in community service in an effort to change the way 
people think about the organizations. 

"I do not think philanthropic work i a way to 
promote our image," Hay said. "We do it to help the 
children. " 

Greeks have other ways to combat image 
problems separate from their own philanthropic 
activities, according to Hay, including a 'strict 
alcohol policy and anending philanthropic events 
sponsored by other greek organizations. 

Rubio said his fraternity has recently adopted a 
stretcn of highway to clean about once every month. 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 

@(JJO[k CUTS 
ByTAWNYAOf 

ESSENCE SALON 
Procrastinating About 

Wisdom Tooth Removal? 
--------------------~~~~""~~ning for $ 3 5 
Mu,t pre>ent !hi, coupon. Lop. 2/17/9'1 

please ask aiJOut our other serv~ej such a; manicures and hair core! 
--------------------COSTA VEItDI CENTIR 

8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
Son Diego, CA 92122 

SYSTtME 

MBIOLAGE. tIy--". 

only $11~. 
includes: ~ & prtc:i5ic.n haircut 

blow dry and S¥ing $4 exira 
HiUtes & Perms $45 
[Including hoirtutl 

3251 HOUDAYCOUIT,UII201 LAJOUA 45'1-9477 
Above St. Germain's liquor & Deli "'" 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

• .... UCSOID 

Diplomate, American Board of 459-5585 
Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 

In a contract with the state, Rubio said approxi-
mately 10 to 12 of the brothers spend about two 
to two-and-a-half hours wandering around the 
shoulders in orange vests, cleaning liller off Inter-
state 5 between Nobel Dr. and the Highway 52 
interchange. 

Although the project save taxpayer money, the 
fraternity doe not consider the program philan-
thropy because the group's name is posted on the 
freeway at each end of the stretch they clean, 
providing free publicity for the fraternity to the 
200,000 cars which travel through each day. 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon members also perfornl 
other public services, such as visiting patient in San 
Diego's Sharp Ho pita!. Recently they made 
maintenance repairs to a halfway house in Carl bad. 

Most of the fraternity'S philanthopic activities. 
which average about one each quaner, take the form 
of community service, as opposed to fundraising. 

Chung said that the sorority tends to participate in 
approximately one philanthropic activity a month, 
each involving about seven to ten sorority members. 

Griffon estimated that Sigma Chi participates in 
five to seven philanthropic activities each year, 
nearly double the nalional fraternity guidelines 
suggestion of three. 

"We like to do this," Griffon said. "We try to do 
one or two [activities) with as many guys as we can." 

Most of the philanthropic activities involve far 
fewer people than the full membership of the 
fraternity. 

"It's less problematic," Griffon said, referring to 
trying to coordinate all the members for one activity. 
He explained that they use the smaller events to 
bring in more members when the members have 
time to help. 

Although Griffon acknowledges the anti-greek 
sentiment on campus, he denies it plays any role in 
motivating their philanthropic ideas. 

"Sigma Chi is not concerned about doing things 
to please people," Griffon said. "We do things to 
please ourselves. If we behave in a gentlemanly 
way, we will shine by our image." 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
LAUNDROMAT 
4027 Governor DrIve 

Comtr of ~VOOS Shopping CI.'nlet 

30 ......... ....... 
3O-Lb. W ..... ,., 

.............. MIIIIIIa. P J Z Z A 
11 ...... 

.... Day ... 
... ,.. .... 

DAILY WNCH SPECIALS 
Nowl Pe~1 Piau Dr $379 
Soup. Salad, Sandwich, 

Pick Up and Ddivery Available 
AI1endanl on duly and night glWd 
Open 7 :un-l0 pm 7 days a weelt 

rast.a - Mi. or INtch any 2 
LA JOLLA COLONY 
77 .......... _ 
548-7888 

SPECfACLE S5 

• P AS T A 
DAILY DINNER PECIALS 

M(ltl .-Tltl!~ . .. Sp.lghdlt 
Wed .............. R.lI'iolt $4.79 
1 hur ............ M.le.lron! 
Fn .·Silt. ........ Fl!tlllccil1l' Chickl'n $8.79 
SUIl ............... L.bagll~ $5.79 (619)558-1858 1m RICHARD E.BARSAN, DOS CAL L 470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 41M1JO FREE DELIVERY • STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE 

+. 



S6 SPBCI'ACLE Monday, February 3, 1992 

---------------------------------Arena 
What do you think is the greeks' 

role on campus? 
Photographer: Alex Klyusner 

Well, illce 
there arc ---~-----------------------------
no real 
sports on Clmpus, the 
meatheJds hal'e to hJve some-
thing to do. 

Steve "Flacon O'Barr, Muir 
Senior, Biochemistry 

preading 
goodwill 

.md n'iendship a.ross the I.lnd. 
NT!!! 

June Nguyen, Muir 
Junior, Biochemistry 

Promoting 
leadership, 
pro\~ding a 

ial outlet 
at an otllcnvi c socially dead 
chool, a chance to get involved 

in philanthropy .1Ild community 
scr\~ce. reates all atmosphere 
to develop strong and I. ring 
liiendship and mCIl1 rics. 

Ryan Stewart, Revelle 
Sophomore, Biochemistry / 

CCU Biology 

3 minutes from UCSD 

It's not like 
d1e glory 
days of 
Athen, 
that's tor 
sure. 

They're 
supposed to 

be great philosophers and the 
tounders f democracy. But I 
only see them getting drunk at 
keg partie ' and flooding hotels. 
Then agajn, lm:ver really 
understood PlaTO, s maybe I 
just don't get it . 

Fanner Jon BiaJeck, Warren 
Senior, Anthropology 

Bunch of 
no·c1ass, 
loud· 
mouthed, -C 
cheap· beer-bonging, alcoholic, 
annoying fools that tend to get 
arrc ted and sour the reputation 
of other college students. 

Dave Jabson, Muir 
Junior, EeE 

To provide 
a network of friends who not 
only support each other, bur 
also support the de\'ciopmellt of 
a trong character. 

Joel Pearce, Third 
Junior, Political Science 

The who? 
Oh, I think 
it' great 
that people fTom other couno;es 
can come here to learn. 

Brnd Turner, Muk 
Sophomore, 

Animal Physiology/ 
French Liternture 

... FLOWER BASKET • The C 0 JO R AL OF UNDERGRADUATE RE EARCH 

VAlENTINE'S DAY 
FLOWER SPECIALS 11 

ROSES 
tarting as low as 

$24.99 per dozen ~ ~~ 

My Forever Love" 
Arrangements 

$24.99 and up 

TRADITIONAL 
Arrangements 

.. $18.99 and up 
HEART 

Arrangement 

$34.99 
We specialize In Exotic 
Arrangements In European 
designs and Baloon Bouquets II WORLO WIDE FWWER 

c . DELIVERY 
• 455·9900 

I ;j ,~ #4 =tI DELIVERY* 
with 25.00 minimum order. Order mu t be placed 
nnd p,"d for by 2110/92 for Fr •• Dehcvry nnd 
speclol pric.s. Not vohd on wire orders. 

FLOWER BASKET 
...... 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 

(in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open doily 8 am-S pm. 

GET PUBLISHED 
We will accept your research 
papers for any major, in any field, 
including critical essays, expanded 
term papers, condensed senior or 
honors theses, 

We will also publish photos. 
This year's theme i UCSD growth. 
Entries should be black 
and white photos, 5x7. 

Deadline lor research papers is 
Friday, February 7. 

Deadline for phOlos is Friday, February 21. 
Please submit a*les to lIIe US Grants onlce in 

the Price Center, 3rd floor. 

Any questions? Dial 534-3917 . 

NO BEER 
ContInued from ..... 53 
don', discriminaae 81 all on race. 
creed. sexual JRference. any-
thing." Lamb does add thai. 
because of the many projects 
Alpha Kappa Psi is involved in, 
"You have to be willing to work. 
We don't Wanl ani dead weight." 

Once a member, dues of $80 
are exlrllCted per quaner from 
each individual. A percerllage of 
this fee is sent to the national 
headquaners in Indianapolis. 
Neither Phi Alpha Delta nor 
Alpha Kappa Psi receives funding 
from the Associ8led Students. 

The rewards obtained by each 
member are priceless. Phi Alpha 
Delta members find answers to 
questions about law school 
admissions as they watch fellow 
members struggle through the 
process. Alumni speakers discuss 
different aspects of the law in 
order to offer direction in such an 
inunense and diverse field. 
Resume and interview wo",shops 
teach valuable skills 10 members. 

Lamb describes Alpha Kappa 
Psi's function, "Everybody has 
this set of goals. The difference 
between being ambitious and 
being successful is opportunity. 
We provide opportunity." 

Community service is encour-
aged by both fraternities. Phi 
Alpha Delta has lists of numerous 
organizations from which the 
members can choose to assist. 
while group projects are being 
developed. 

Alpha Kappa Psi is best known 
for "Coins Across Campus." This 
is an annual event in which a strip 
of tape is stretched across the 
campus. Students can throw their 
pocket change on the tape. This 
money is then collected for the 
homeless. This year the event i 
planned to take place in the 
spring. 

Both fraternity presidents 
welcome all those interested to 
investigate their rush. Phi Alpha 
Delta does not require that a 
member is positive that they want 
a career in law. Harris says, "We 
are here to help you make that 
decision." 

Lamb went so far as to say. 
"Anyone with a pulse we're 
interested in." 

Jennifer Hutkoff, a member of 
both Phi Alpha Delta and Alpha 
Kappa Psi. emphasized that, 
although they may seem like a lot 
of work, there is a "big social 
aspect, Both are a lot of fun. Some 
of the best friends I've met are in 
Alpha Kappa Psi." 

Although the social aspect is 
not the first objective of these 

: fraternities, it is clearly a priority. 
Parties and activities encourage 
the members to enjoy their 
participation. After all, the first 
step toward friendship is locating 
people with conunon interests and 
goals, For members of Phi Alpha 
Delta and Alpha Kappa Psi, the 
search ended with initiation. 

RUSH 
ContInued 110m .... 52 
and academic schedules before 
rushing. 

DcWine also mentions the 
possibility of a more informal 
structure more like fraternity rush, 
or even some sort of individual 
interviewing process. 

Whatever the new plan may 
be, if any, it would be imple-
mented no sooner than Fall 1993. 

Talks with the administration 
on that and other issues began last 
Monday with "Greeks Meet the 
Adminisrration," a discussion 
session planned by Panhellenic 
Board of Directors University 
Relations Co-Olair Erin Poole. 

". think it went really well. ]t 
was the second annual event of 
this type. The evaluations handed 
back from the conference offered 
positive and constructive feed-
back." Poole says. 

As. for her impressions of a 
pre-school rush, she explains, hI 
think it could work if there was 
stronger publicity [for rush] on 
and off campu • and we were 
allowed to do [summer] mailings, 
and could build a stronger rapport 
with the college provosts." 

DeWine concludes, "We are 
going to try to be as comprehen-
sive and objective as we can with 
both sides of the issue so everyone 
can make a well-infonned and 
objective decision based on the 
needs of their own chapter and 
what's going to be best for the 
system as a whole." 

Whenlou're 
part ° the 

nation's best 
sales force, 

you feel at home 
with success. 

foree in a survey of 
sales executives by 
Sales & Marktling 

M .... mrnt magazine.· In fact, 
Northwe tern swept all scvel\categories 
used to measure perfonnance. and had 
the highest overall score of any sales 
force in any industry. 

And exceptional perfonnance means 
exceptional rewards. More than 1.500 
Northwestern Mutual agents average 
over $121 ,000 in commissioned income 
last year. 
·~Ir_ .. s....I""",,"-*,_ 
~"""'. 1_. 

If you 're an achievemenl-Qriemed 
individual who accepts nothing shon 
of rcal success, consider a career with 
Northwestern Mutual. You 'll receive 
intensive training, top-perfonning 
products and unlimited opportunities. 
The rest is up 10 you. Call: 
The BleaJdty Agency 
ATIN: Donna L. Brandon 
ISIS Serond Avenue, Suite 300 
San Diego, CA 92101 
(619) 234-3111 

Northwestern Mutual Lite ' 
The Quiet ompany' 

~t cant do lalUlcJry or fInd Y9u a date, 
but It can help you fmd more tnne for both. 

The new Apple- Macintosh' Classic· II In addition to its built-in capabilities, the 
computer makes it easier for you to juggle Macintosh Classic II can be equipped with up 
classes, activities, projects, and term papers- [Q 10 megabytes of RANI, so you 'll be able to 
and still find time for what makes college run several applications at once and work 
life real life. with large amounts of data. 

It's a complete and affordable Macintosh If you already own a Macintosh ClaSSiC, 
Classic system that'S ready [0 help you get and want the speed and flexibility of a 
your work finished fast. It's a snap [Q set up Macintosh Classic II, ask us about an 
and use. It has a powerful 68030 micro- upgrade-it can be installed in just minutes 
processor, which. means you can run even and it's affordable. 
the most sophisticated applications with ease, To put more time on your side, consider 
And its internal Apple SuperDrive'" disk putting a Macimosh Classic II on your desk. 
drive reads from and writes to Macintosh and • .... 'GIINt.. See us for a demonstration today, and while 
MS-pOS formatted disks-allowing you to you're in, be sure to ask us for details 
exchange information easily with \ about the Apple Computer Loan. 
almost any other kind of computer. t :I=:::1:: It'll be time well spent. 

~;;;;;;;;;;;b;"';~~ ~' 
Llr=~r=J 
BOOKSTORE 

Introducing the \LtClllt()~h Cb.~~ic II. 

II . ... ./ It. 
-UCSD BOOKSTORE 
COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 
OPEN: .MON:' FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

--------------_... .._-- ---- -



SPECTACLE 8 The UCSD Guardian Monday, February 3, 1992 

~~----~~~==~--~ 
: SAIJI nN ~T.O~GANIZATIONS ~: " U , YM LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNmES 
~: 0 N CAM PUS ACTIVITIES AND EVENTS 
<. 

~: FEBRUARY u 

• 

• 

• 

Sun 

lesbian. (;ay. & Ulsexual 
Awareness 

ommunlly Fair 
LGIIA 

I hm-4pm. Rcyelle PIIZI 

Women's Lacrosse 
UC D .. Unl., 0( AZ 
UCSO Women', Locroue 
I 0:300m. U 0 Field 

IhijI Vop M.dllltlo. Proanom 
Soh'J' VOII 
I hm. PC Dlv.s/Ryrsd nn 

S.h.ja Yoga 
Medltalion Program 

Sahaja Yoga 
Ilam. PC D.vls/Rynd nn 

Mon 

.... "" .... , 
, .... ..-y ... 
va 
.. -,~ 

IFC/Panhdlcnic 
100m . pcp 

MU5Ic: 
Mahlat"lnl and the 
. Mahotella Queens 

UEO 
8pm. PCB 
Admission : 

F/S S12. GA $12, 
Sen $12. Stu S9 

Pre 'ident' 
Day 

Holiday 

Attend the 
Leadenhip 

Seminar Serie. 

Next aeminar: 
"~II Management" 

Marc:h4th 
7pn. PC Gallery B 

rue 

I. 
"Aleunder Nevslly" 

Itwc- F~m ""' 
7pm. SUI nn 104 

"Gundllm 0083: 
tardust Memories 3·4" 

Ca/·An...aac 
7:30pm. Pli nn 110 

"All lilt Vermeers ill 
New York" 

D WI I'Idllc: ClIrbU .. CoIIoto 
IntercoUcgj •• e AthicuCl 
7pm. M.U1 Gym 
Adrru .on: GA $4, Stu $2 

Post Valentines Day 
Oance 

Blllroan Donee Club 
7pm.PCB B 

SocI.1 Sci Lecture: 
0peI ... lr DlKuaaion wUh 

CUff. KMCtle 
IVCF 

11 :1Slm.PCP 

VVed Thu Fri 

8catondS_ 
7pm. OH rm 101 

SOUl ~I"s..t_, 
S~ ... "FU"'D aAl INC" 

7pm. PC OaUery 8 

Poetry •• 411 ... : a .. A'_ ..... 
.......... V_1ot1oIo 

U'EOIUCSO Lbwy/Depl of Lot 
4:30pm. Or ror MuM: E.,.nm. .. 

Social ScIIAe" .. " U Jer .... 
1M IIJ 0( OovW.. _lit 
City .... _ II'Hlik Capita,. 
U 0 Judaic Sl\Idia PtopuI 

A .. IMIC Su 

SOLO Luoknohlp MI'III ... , 
lIu&h PIlei :''MoIInlin. 

Mtmben"lp" 
7pm. PC Gallery B 

Sci 1M ..... :FIIlpllIO Vou.h 
eo .... unlty Foru", 

• u_ .L " '---Pil ipino 
PCOoIIayA 

SocIal ScllAc:lure: 
Open-air Obcussion with 

Cliffe Knec:tJe 
IVCF 

Noon. PCP 

Men's LacrOSlJl! 
UCSD .. USD 
UCSD M ... ·, lAcroue 
3pn. UCSO Field 

Poetry Rudl ... : 
I GIHIII,..e E ... . 

UE'QI\JCS.DL~orl.o. 
Or for .... k 1!JqIorwno .. 

Saclal Sci lAc.u", 
USI ... I MIf-Sq,..-11ooI .. 
SodeIIlIIorkai ...... p«t1 ... " 
Dept 0( EIIvuc: s..ct... 
NOClII . W ..... n Li BId, nm 34" 

IFII •• 
"0l1Mr People'. Money" 
ASUCSO 
6:30. 9 • .t II :3Opm. PCT 
Adm.SI .. n: $1 

SpeUer: ~ 
UM_y It Tlthelry" IJ 
IVCF La .... G,OII, MHtlna 
IVCF 
7pm . York nn 2722 

Millie: 

oon. pcp 

IFU •• 
''The uper" 
A UCSD 
6:30.9. & 11 :3Opm. PCT 
Admiuion: $1 

Spealtu: 
" Racial Recondllallon" 
IVCF La .... GrOll, MHtlna 
IVCF 
7pm. York nn 2722 

Terlyald Burger Sale 
H .... II Club 01 UC D 
I Jam. PC WJkwy 
Adrruuion : $2 

Muak: r.r 
Bad Mood Zeus 
UCB 
Noon . PCP 

IFU.t 
"Strictly Buslaess" 
ASUCSD 
6:30.9. & 11 :3Opm. PCT 
Admission: $1 

'U •• 
"BUly Ballllate" 
ASUCSD 
6:30.9 • .t. II :3Opm. PCT 
AdnUssion: $1 

Muak: 
Pundlo Sandlez Band 
UEO 
8pm. MeA 
Admission: OA $16. FIS S14. 

Sen $14. Stu $12 

-----

lAdu .. : "Cul ........ d 
SplrltUIIUly" 

NASA 
7pm. PC 00Uay A 

'II ... 
''Loll AnaeJes" It 

"Side T .. cka" 
CWD 

SUi 1111107 

IFII •• 
''Throuah the Wire" 
CWO 
7pm. SUI nn 107 

KaHNPII. PlllpI_ 
Fulldral_ 0..« 

Kaibipaa Pllipine 
9pm. Muir Roe Gym 

Admialion: S3 

Sat 

~.C~~C ••• "I~1 
AU-C_pus 
Lad~1p COIIferenu 

SOLO 
Ilm-4:JOpn. pc 

Woalen'. Basketball 
UCSD .. c.ur.nt. Lutlotn. v.I_ 
........ u.,_ Atbletlao 

M.inGym 
Admiooion: OA Sol. S ... S2 

Millie: 
Alellander Strinl Quartet 
UEO 
Ipm.MCA 

Women'l~ 
UCSD \IS Claremont 
UCSD Wom ... •• Locroue 
Ipm, Pry.te) 

T1depoo1lnl 
Scrippo Aqulrium·Museum 
1 :JOpn. Scripps Aqulrium 
Admission: $10 

1991·92 Muters Meets 
SpaN Fociliti.,. 
71m. ConyonVicw Aquatic C\r 

Men's BukelbaU 
UCSD os UC S .... Cruz 
Int=oUcpotc Athletics 
7pm. Main Gym 
Admiuion: GA $4. Sw $2 


