
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

YOU 
tb/J 

MedalhierSlege 
There is a ri ing tide of 

intolerance on campus. Last 
Saturday night. some 
overzealous polilical 
extremists decided to 
express their displeasure 
with the content of some 
recent issues of the Koala 
and the Guardiall by 
vandalizing their offices. 
'There can no longer be any 
doubt that there are certain 
elements which couldn't 
care less about freedom of 
speech. TIley hate "intoler-
ance" and "insensitivity" so 
much that they are unwill-
ing to toler,l(e opinion 
other than their own. ll1is 
orthodoxy is not only 
disturbing. it is also 
dangerous / PAGE 4 

HiATUS 

ACrtticalStance 
Everyone is a critic. 

especially Hiatus writers. 
This week we rejoice in and 
even condemn selected new 
music releases. Also inside, 
the investigation of a Price 
Center flyer / PAGE H1 

SPORTS 

On SafarI 
The UCSD softball team 

gunned down the Leopards 
of La Verne in double-
header action yeslerday, 
ba&ging both pmes 5-l. 
14-0. Ten Zunip and Usa 
Gil each had four RBI for 
the Tritons / PMI U 

INDEX 
uc News ................... Z 
OJ]inlon •••••.•••....••••••• 4 
Hi8tl.iS •••••••••••.•••.•.•• Ia. 
Classlfieds ............. 12 
St:»rts ..•.•••.••••.....••. 11 

Saul LeVine Guardldll 
Heather Martel (left ), Alison Delucca and Beth Creager (right front) create a paper mache 
woman's symbol behind WRC tables on the Sun God lawn yesterday. 

WRC March Yields Charges 
Of Misconduct, Damage 
• Lean-to near Sun God builttoshow 
need for funded women's center 
By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Members of VCSD's Women's Resource 
Center(WRC) were notified by administrators 
Tuesday that their organization is being charged 
with two student conduct violations stemming 
from its Mar. 5 "Take Back the Night" march 
across campus. 

The group is charged with the damage of 
university property and with disorderly or lewd 
conduct. 

During the march. several women spmy-
painted logos and messages on buildings 

throughout campus. leading to the property 
damage charge. In addition. half of the 
nearly 200 women who participated in the 
event marched with theirchests bared.lead-
ing to the allegations of d,isorderly or lewd 
conduct. 

HiramiGonzales. DebbieJames. Kristen 
Larson, Heather Martel, Molly McKay and 
Consuela Scott. the six principal members 
of the WRC, were notified of the charges in 
a memo from Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Progmms and Facilities Tom Tucker. 

WRCmembers are current ly occupying 
the Sun God lawn in protest of the fact that 
VCSD has no university-funded women's 

See WRC, Page 7 

UCB Passes Resolution Affinning 
Right to Hire Outside Counsel 
• Carruthers, Beam deny 
validity of asserted autonomy 
By Franclso DeVries 
Staff Writer 

In the University Center Board's (VCB) 
latest move to become more autonomous from 
university administration. a unanimous vote at 
Monday 's meeting created a new committee to 
retain and work with outside legal counsel. 

However. VCB members split on a resolu-
tion to hire Lottie Cohen. the attorney already 
representing the student co-ops. and a vote on 
the matter wa'i postponed until next week. 

The legality of the move was questioned by 
University Center Director Jim Carruthersdur-
ing the meeting, and he said the administration 
is unlikely to allow UCB funds to pay for 
separ.:lIe legal representation. 

The resolution that formed the Legal Af-
fairs Commiltee calls for the committee to 
"retain independent legal counsel and to obtain 
full control over University Center Fee funds." 
Control over students' $37.50 yearly fee has 
been the focus of the current dispute between 
the university and the UCB. 

"[The UCB J need~ an attorney that is unbi-
See UCB, Page 9 

THURSDAY 
April 9 , 1992 
Vol. 76, No.4 

Watson OKs 
lGs With 
Beer, Flyers 
• Alcohol ducation them 
to be in orporated by A.S. 
By Eric Schmidt 
ASSOCiate News Editor 

The tiN TG wi th heer 
In neally one year wlil be 
held on May 8 f 1I0wing 
Vice hancell r of Un-
dergraduate AITair:-. Jo-

~eph Wat~on 's approval 
of the event on April I . 

According to A.S. 
Commissioner of Programmin g Daniel 
Bondurant. Fungo Mungo will play at the event. 
which wi ll be held in the Price Center at 4 p.m. 

Technically. the event wi ll follow the same 
fOlmat as the experimental TG held last spring. 
The Price Center will be fenced off. and student 
volunteers wi ll allow only UCSD student. and 
staff into the event. 

This TG. though. will be different from the 
i<l~ t one in several ways. A banner wi th an 
alcohol education Illes:-.age wi II be di!.played and 
pamphlets de:-.igned to educate about alcohol 

See TGIF, Page 9 

Financial Aid Bill 
Passes State 
Committee 
By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

In a move prJised by Un iversity of Cali fomi a 
Student Association (VCSA) leaders. the State 
Assembly HigherEducation Commillee i:.l<;t week 
approved a bill that would both make it easier for 
students to apply for financial aid and reduce the 
COStS of student loans. 

Assembly Bill 2649. authored by Assembly-
woman Barbara Lee (D-Oakland), was passed by 
the Higher Education Committee by a vote of 
7-1, and will next be discussed in the Assembly 
Ways and Means Commillee. 

Officials from both Lee 'soffice and the UCSA 
suggested that the bill would aid in both recl1Jit-
men! and retention of students in stale higher 
education. 

"Student fees at the UCand CSU are skyrock-
eting:' said Andy Shaw , the VCSA's Legislative 
Advocate. "Fees for financial aid application~. 

See AID, Page 8 

University Center Director Jim Carruthers 



2 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
FROM OTHER CAMPUSES 

Gunfire Kills Two, Wounds Four at 
UCLA African-American Greek Event 

"Uninvited guests" fired into a crowd of people a.~­
sembled for a picnic hosted by UCLA Greek organizations 

I~t Sunday. killing two people and wounding four OIhe~ . 
No UCLA . ludent~ were hurt in the shooting. 

The picnic was pan of the 14th annual People's Step 
Show Weekend sponsored by UCLA's African-American 
fraternities and orolities. Eight Greek organiz:llions from 
Southern California colleges attended. 

A fi tfight escalated into gunfire at 6:40 p.m. when one 
man fired 20 to 30 rounds into the crowd of300 people at 
Woodley Park in Van Nuys, said Lo:. Angele Police 
Deportment Deputy Chief Mark Kroeker. Ponic and Old-
ditionaJ gunfire ensued. 

One victim. Charle~ Edward Wright 111. 23, died soon 
after receivlngOl gunshot wound to the chest. Eric Drver. 
23, died Monday morning after extensive urgeI)' for a 
similar injury. 

The four wounded. two men and two women. were 
listed in satisfactory condition Monday. 

Police arrested one man fleeing the scene on ltuspicion 
of carrying a concealed weapon. Dlvin Peter Maspero.Jr .. 
21, of Los Angeles. was later released. and i . not believed 
to have been directly involved in the shooting. Van Nuys 
police said. 

"The shooting was caused by an outside clement," . aid 
Anthony Thoma~ , co<hairoftlleevent. at a press conference 
Monday. 

Fraternity member.> emph~ized that the !>hooting broke 
out after the event officially ended at 5 p.m. Up to 1,500 
people had gathered in the park during the day. but most 
had left by the time gunfire broke out. 

- Christine Strobel, UCLA Daily Bruin 
UCD DevelOPS Innovative Computer 
Program for Prospective Students 

UC Davis is u. ing a new interactive program on Ma in-
tosh compute~. Tlte UC DUl'is Adl'C'l1l11rc. as an outreach 
tool . providing prospective student ~ with new mean~ of 

The UCSD Guardian 

learning about the campu . 
Rather than pre eming students with screen aflerscreen of 

text. Tlte UC Daris Atll'C'I/IIII'C use, a graphic of a residence 
hall room as an "anchor" from which tudents can explore 
variou aspects of academic and campus life. Students use the 
computl."r mouse to poilll and clid. on objects in the room. 

For example. clicking on the globe leads to information 
obout ~tudying abroad and intem~hip programs. clicki ng on 
the neal..ers gives infomlation about intramural athletics. and 
clicking on certai n books tell about pecific major program . 

Another feature of the program is a "Pop Quiz" which 
occurs at random. signaled by the sound of a bell. while 
lUdenls are using the progrJm. U:.ers have a limited amount 

of time to answer questions about items of information they 
have already reviewed. 

NEWS I~ BRIEr 
Koala Receives Mesuge Attributing 
Vandalism to AntI-Mlnortty Faction 

An anonymous caller left a message at the office of the 
campus humor newspaper, the Koala, saying he knew who 
spmy-painted a swastika and the message "Nazi Koala Die" on 
the Koala office door last Saturday night. 

A male voice with a southern accent attributed the vandal-
ism to "backfire Ltoward] the constant priorities minorities are 
accorded." 

"l1lese people are not Nazis." the caller said. "They just 
know the swa.stika will irritate you." The caller concluded the 
message by saying. " I am really sorry. There's nothing 1 can 
do. I have argued with these people." 

Koala ' rOlff members found the message on the office 
answering machine Monday. 

Koula Editor Steve Lutz SOlid he believes that anti-minority 
~entiment did fuel the vandalism. because the vandals also 
spray-painted posters for the campus newspaper Vo: Frolller;:a 
which were displayed just tothe right of the Koala office door. 
Lutz also noted the message"Se Habla Espanol" is displayed 
on the door of the Koula office. 

"This one obviously isn't an attack on us, because if there 
i any validity to what [the caller] say . . they obviously don't 
know who we are." Lutz said. 

- Sheryl Wolcott 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Friday. 
Saturd1P/, and Sunday an San 
OiegoCounty: 

• SoYrce. Wjbur Slugehara. NaboOal Weil1her Sel-ttce 

Sw" 
DIrection 
W 

Average temperatures for ... /air are: 66/66 
• Water temperatures at their highest in 
a decade . Water visibility clear for diving. 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

UCSD to Host San Diego Physically 
Challenged Swim Meet this Sunday 

Physically-challenged athletes from acro ' s the nation 
and Can:>.da will compete at UCSD this Sunday in the 
Seventh Annual Phy ically Challenged Regional Swim 
Meet. 

Wi nner.> from the meet wi II ad vance to the Paral ympics 
in Barcelona. Spain. to be held in conjunction with the 
1992 Summer Olympic . 

The 65 athletes pOlrticipating have lr.lined rigorously for 
the event, and will compete in divisions based on age and 
ability. 

UCSD's Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and Phi Gamma 
Delta fraternity are helping to sponsor thi year's meet. 

The event will take place from 8 a.m. to I p.m. in the 
Natatorium. Spectators are encouraged. The event will be 
attended by San Diego Charger Billy Ray Smith. 

CompIled by Da¥lcl Snow, Stlllr WrlNr 
Wednesday. Apr. 1: 
11:25 p.m.: All '85 Ford Mustang was reported stolen 
from North Mesa Apartments. Loss : 56,000. 
Tu.day, Apr. 2: 
10:50 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a stereo 
from the Koala office. Loss: 5200. 
4:40 p.m.: A construction surveyor reported being struck 
by a pellet from a pellet gun at the new Warren College 
Apartment construction site. The victim suffered a minor 
puncture wound in the upper right leg. 
ThuISClay, Apr. 3: 
8:15 p.m.: A student reported the theft of stereo 
equipment from his Matthews apartment. Loss: 52,700. 
SUndaY,Afw.6: 
9 :10 p.m. : A student reported the theft of a red '84 
Toyota Celica from Lot 208. Loss: $5 ,000. 
10:33 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a silver and 
black '84 Toyota Celica from Lot 102. Loss : $4 ,500. 
Monday, Apr. 7: 
11:40 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of a red 
'87 Chevrolet Sprint from Lot 105. Loss : $150. 
1:25 p.m.: Three separate students reported burglary to 
their cars parked in Lot 102. A11 three vehictes had been 
locked. Total toss: $320. 

Gu!SinIAN 
JASON SNB.1., EI6ttx In ChIef 
PETER KO, ~ ElItor 
BEN BOYCHUK, OpInion EI6ttx 
MIGUEl. BUCKENMEYER, Associate Hiatus EdItor 
JAMES COWER, DtesCn EI6ttx 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy EIIItot 
JOSEPH GARCIA, Hiatus EI6ttx 
MARY BETTY HEARD, News EIItor 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, Associate Copy EdIIDr 
SUE MAPES, Associate Photo EIItor 
MEl. MARCELO, GtaphIcs EI6ttx 
DAN MCDOWEU.. Photo EIItor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, AlS80CIate 0p{MJn EdIIor 
KEN PERlMAN, Spofts ElItor 
ANGElA ROVA, 5per;tM:Ie &IIDr 
ERIC SCHMIDT, A.~ News EIItor 
SHERYL WOLCOrr, A.sodafe News EdItor 
WILEEN WONG, AuocI.fte HIatus ElItor 
GREGG WRENN, Associate Spans ElItor 
_lor S .. II WtItets: lIIyon 0.85. JeMy Gal"",. Melinda Ha .. Hlton. JoSl> 
Odtn12. ChrIS Regn'er. Brett Rhyne. Matthew Robtnson. MIChael Schwartz. Paul 
a..hop Sl<tbttzke 
Std Writt .. : Debr. B"",sloln . Stophan .. Danford. _ Donahoe. Ben 
EiC'"' Dan Gel)ler. Kirsten Halverson. Don Kr.uss. ScoIt Okamoto. Suzanne 
Phan. Suzanne Porush. Tracl Powell , Jotvl RtCe . Kara Saul. OltYld Snow. Ted 
Sunoo. JaM Sweeney 
_ .. _: Chns Recn~' 
.~ Ron CecIl!. Racer Kuo. C.nn l .... le1Ch Anne McCOOnauer>eY.l,SI 
Mulvaney • ....,,,.no Mut\oL. I!yut. Nakaj." •• Katy Roo. Man: Upter&rove 
Ptootocr....., Ate. KI)'J5nef . Saul l""'ne. P""I Mackey. ChuCk NCuYon. 
Jenn,fer Vam. M1y Ztct 
Cop, ,,_: M",helle Ch,onC. Mon",aGool/l. Montee Roach. jeSSIe Spnnee' 
I'nIchIctlon W .... ." Mehnda H.m,lton 

BOB DeANDREA, BusIness "..,." 
MICHAB. FOULKS, AdwrttsIrW .,.,.., 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdwIttIsIIW o../tIItfIf 
E. LEIGH HENRY, Clltaltled R~ 
-... ....... bt~_Galtt_.MetFurauka.i.JsllManeV_ 
-... __ Me»Of. PaoIoV_ 

~ Joe Lee. s.n..tn. Shorr 

//It LCSO ~ 5 _1.IonII¥ and ~ ..... ". _ II. bJ and lor II'< 
_oIUCSO R_oIms_-..,fOmI. ___ .. _.--_ 
allftaly_ .) I992 . ...... _//ItIaO_snot..-1or ...... 01 
__ ...... Iht __ .pIIIIIcs ............. ,,_ ...... "" 
'--" Il1ft'Ott ". _ 01 //It LCSD _ 1Itl-.t; 01 ~ .. tl!t16!OOllt\l 
51_ //It 1.CSO'--'.1nIod ""'" bJ --..a.., I. _-........ tht 100_ 
EcIItoNtI: 5344580, a..u- 0--= U4-34e8, Faa: u..7111 
UCSD GIUIIdIsn, 9500 Gllm_ Drtve 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
Act ... _ : __ • UCIO __ -..... ." . 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

KSOT to Expand Broadcast 
Range, Increase Signal Quality 
By Stephanie Danford 
Staff Writer 

A change in Federal Communi ations 
Commission (FCC) regulations has al-
lowed KSDT. UCSD's campus mdio sta-
tion. to implement a new FM system to 
broaden the station 's broadcasting range 
to include more of the campus. 

Thestation'sexp,ln ion targets the resi-
dential areas of Fifth, Warren and Third 
College . This month , an ultra-low pow-
ered transmitter will be installed at the 
Fifth College residence halls and the Pep-
per Canyon apartments, allowing the re i-
dents there to receive the KSDT signal. 

Shortly thereafter, similar equipment 
will be installed at the Warren and Third 
College residence halls and apanments, 
according to KSDT General Manager 
Squibby Breyman. He sa id he olso hopes 
to update the circa- 1970 carrier-current 

equipment that now serves the Muir and 
Revelle Co ll ege campuses. 

TIle FCC altered regulations concern-
ing ultra-low power unli ensed br ad-
casting. which will now allow KSDT to 
broadcast to on- ampus housing on FM 
in ' tead of on the AM carrier-current cou-
plers, equipment previously required by 
the regulation. 

In response to a funding reque t by 
Breyman, the A ssociated Students aHo-
cated $340 to pay for the expansion. ac-
cording to A.S. Vice President Adminis-
tr.ltive Mike Holmes. The money will P<1Y 
for the three FM transmitters, three power 
supplies, three sets of supple men wry COIll-
ponenl.. a ponable digital tuning radio 
and a computerized search of frequencies. 

Breymun said that the FM frequency 
the s tation will use for the broadcast to the 

See KSDT, Page 8 

Pounding Out an Image 

A.S presidential candidate Matthew Schnurer tried to stir up voters during the A.S. 
candidates' forum at the Price Center on Monday afternoon. 

UC President Gardner's Pension Plan Questioned by Regent 
• Official from president's office justifies retirement package, e timated by some at $2.3 million, as de erved by Gardner 
By Melinda Hamilton 
Senior Staff Writer 

At the same time tudents are being asked 
to swallow a 22 percent fee hike. outgoing UC 
President David Gardner will receive a retire-
ment benefit package totalling more than $2 
million, according to some estimates. 

In their Mar. 18-20 meeting at UCLA. the 
regents approved a severance package for 
Gardner which includes the standard retire-
ment compensation in addition to funds from 
supplemental retirement plans. 

UC Regent and San Francisco attorney 
Jeremiah Hallisey sent a letter to Governor 
Pete Wilson. which charges that the retire-
ment package approved by the regents on 
Mar. 20 is overly extravagant. especially in 
light of the current financial difficulties in 
both the system and the state. 

"When you have a budget cris is statewide 
and are asking the faculty to defer merit pay 
increases and the s taff to forfeitcost-of-living 
increases. the president should provide the 
moral leadership," HalJisey said in a tele-
phone interview Monday. He added that while 
he a[(ended the meeting on Mar. 19. he was 
unable to attend the next day and missed the 
session where the disputed action took place. 

A memorandum issued by Hallisey to the 
Board of Regents states that the agenda item 
concerning the session was not included in the 
regular agenda. but was distributed at the stan 
of the meeting a day before the session took 
place and said nothing about the amount of 
money involved. 

Gardner, who will begin a three-month 
administrative leave on Oct. I , 1992, will 
receive a pre-tax lump sum of $737,000 on 

that date from supplemental retirement plans. 
In addition. he will receive $ 130.000 a year 
for the remainderofhis life under the standard 
ret i rement plan. accord i ng to Rick Malaspi na. 
assistant director for news services at the 
Office of the President . 

Eighty thousand dollars a year will be paid 
from the regular retirement fund and the re-
maining $SO.OOO will come from othersources, 
s uch as endowment funds. 

As pan of the agreement. Gardner will be 
available for consultation with incoming UC 
President Jack Pehason throughJune30, 1995. 

Gardner will officially leave the UC on 
Dec. 31 to begin duties as president of the 
HewlettFoundation in Menlo Park. Malaspina 
sa id Gardner will not receive the annual 
$130,000 until he retires. 

Malaspina said the amount awarded to 

Gardner is the result of a formulOl worked out 
to take into account his age (59). salary 
($243,500) and years of service to the UC 
(nine). 

By Hallisey's calculations, Gardner will 
receive $1 .3 million in extra benefits and $1 
million in regular retirement benefi ts. 

The result is based on the assumption 
Gardner will live an additional 18 years and 
six months. 

Malaspina di putes Hallisey 's totals be-
cause it is unknown how long Gardner will 
live or when he will declare retirement. 

"At times like Ihis, it is important to attract 
and retain the very best management," 
MOllaspina said. "TIle regents Olre honoring 
their commitment to him. He's entitled to the 
benefits." 

See PENSION, Page 9 

ALPS 
LA SAttDflLE 

lEVA 
DECKERS 

Dinner 
Delivered! 

EARTH SANDALS 
SPORT SANDALS REEF 

MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
LA SA"DALE 
3761 Mission Blvd ., SD 92109 
488-1134 

THE MOST COMPLm AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

MeA T 
THE MCAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSD 

• The * J MCAT coyrse In San Dlegol 
• The ~ documented MeAT scores 
• ~ of proven success 
• The only course run by people In medicine. MCAT prep is 
our specJalty and it's all we dol 

• Taught by top UCSD faculty and M.D.-PhD candiclates 
who are experts In Intensive MCA T prep 

• Taught on carneys at the Medical School 
• Lectures. workshops. small study groups and free tutoring 
• Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~; NOW ENROLLING FOR SUMMER '92 
~ CALL (819)418 4848 

Donn· Home· 01fice 
lAJOLLA 

GOURMET DELNERY 
from La Jolla's Restauamts 

Call for Menu Guide 

planes, 
trains, 

automo-
biles 

aodmany 
other waY" or 

UCSD SUMMER 
getting 

around and 

I"ttinc away 

can be round 
in t.be 

Guardian 
duaifiecb. 

Come_ .... 
UJlltain in 
tbe8tudent 

C'O .... abcm 
tbea.-.J 
..... 

SPECIAL 
25°/0 0 FF ANY size 7C storage unit 

with this ad 
. ... 
! N uc 

• 
• 
La Jolla VIIage Dr. 

• 

I 

-

.... 

I1I12~At:I. .. ~ 
Miramar Rd. 

• 

at 
Miramar at Cabot 
Self Storage 
8192 Miramar Rd. 
(extension of La Jolla Village Dr.) 

549·0500 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 9 , 1992 

COMMENTARY 

a 
• Political correctness 
and intolerance rear their 
ugly heads once again in 
the late t attacks on 
campus newspapers 
By Ben Boychuk 
Opinion Editor 

Fed up wi th <Ill of the " h:lte" and " m:ldne,~'!,' 
Tired f the insen~i ti ve <lnd r.lcbt rig ht -wing pre~~"! 
Want t getth se fncsi~t ppre~~~ nce ano for :II I'! 
Well . then. shut them down! V:lnd<llize their office~ ! 
Throw rock~ through thei r windows and ~pray-pai nt 
epithets on their doors! Send them de<lth thre:lts 
through the mail! 111:11 wi ll show them. That will put 
them in their pr per pl:lce. 

L;:L~ t aturd<lY night . some overzealous poli tical 
t!xtremi~t ~ thought they could do ju~t th:ll. Angered 
by the allegedly in~em,i ti ve :lnd incorrect content of 
recent is~ues of the campu~ humor newspaper. the 
Koala. someone decided to ex press h i!> dis:lpproval 
by ~prJy-p:lil1ling a slI"(/,wika and the word~ "Nazi 
Koala Die" on its office door. Around II : 15 that 
same night. ~ meonc decided to heave :I rock ~Ibout 
the ~ize of a potato through a G'/(lI'CfiClII oflice 
wi ndow. 

On Tuesday. the GuurdiwI received a letter via 
intercampu~ mail wri uen "r.ln~ m-note-~tyle" - that 
i ~. wit h lellers and word~ c ut ut from new~papcr~ to 

~ 011 a me~~age. It ~tated : " Fed up with the r.lcism. 
~exbt au.leb. hate. madne~s:' "Speaking is laughed 
at," " You are the enem :. "Violent time~ call for war 
0 11 TIle Power:' and "Demh forthe GuardiulI." 

II is illlpo~sible to know whet her or not the office 
va/l(Jali~m 0 11 aturday and the hme letter received 
Tue~day :.Ire connected. But. in the aftennath of tho~e 
seemingly unconnected even t~. there can no longer 
be any doubt that there i~ a ri si ng tide of intolerance 
on campu,. 

It i~ nOl the hind of intoler.tnce tl1al the gho~t ­
chasers. con~piracy theori~ts and C Illlllunica,ion 

llIajo~ are con:-.tantly chattering about. It is the 
intolerance of idea, - a new o/thcxloxy of opinion 
which. if challenged. is me t with violence and cheap. 
reactionary name-call ing. 

This is nOlhing new. of cour.;e. Americans are no 
strJngers to supp ression and censo~hip. History is 
rife wi th e"ample~. TIle First Amendment has been 
under assault from the moment of its ratification. 

Nor has the un iversity ever really been the safe-
have n of free and open debme. although it certainly 
has tri ed to be. If anything. the university has been 
America's ideological battleground. where idea~ and 
opinions of all varieties clash from time to time. But 
not since the 1960s has the banle of ideas been so 
violent or so thoroughly uncivil. 

Much has been said and wrinen in the last (Wo 
years on these pages and elsewhere about "political 
correctness" and increasing rJciul. sexual and political 
tensions on campus. The edi tor.; are c riticized for 
putting these new conflicts into simplified caricatures. 
but it is impossible to describe the present situation in 
any o ther way. 

The conflict is summed up best in this way: the 
Right has accused the Left of stifling open debate and 
academic freedom by imposing speech codes and 
mandating university-sanctioned sensi tiv ity programs. 
The Left. in tum. has accused the Right of dreaming 
up the whole "political correctness" scheme as a way 
of suppressi ng progressive elements on campus who 
thremen the Ri g ht's hegemony. 

In th is. the new age of sen~itivity. the conventional 

• 

iU 
. ~ 

flU ail :ting 
Racism · 
SexIIt 

I'S 
at 

YOU 
tho 

on 

acndemic wisdom seems to hold that there really are 
right and wrong opinions. Otherwise, why would 
there be any need for so-caHC!d "speech codes" or 
"fighting words" policies like in the ca<;e of the 
University of California? 

Why can't someone criticize affinnative action or 
welfare without being tagged as a rJcist? Why can't 
someone criticize or question the morJlity of abortion 
without being derided as a sexist or. even worse. a 
member of the nefarious " religious right?"' Why can't 
someone criticize the asinine behavior of a small 
band of political extremists without fear of having a 
rock hurled through his office window? 

The vandalism inflicted upon the Guardiall and 
Koo/a offices certainly did not come from conserva-
tive elements on this campus. It would be unfair to 
assert that the Left a.~ a whole is responsible for the 
recent J"JSh of intimidation leveled against selected 
campus media. There can be no doubt. however. that 
there are dangerous elements on thi campus who 
hate intolerJt1ce and insensitivity so much that they 
would champion the suppression of "insensitive" and 
"i ntolerJnt" opinions to prove it. It is, after all. the 
on ly correct thing to do. 

I have derided the Left in the p~t for their 

I 

<:. ) l 
UlYOe~ 

:J o '~ 
S' K~ 

oftentimes idiotic behavior and beliefs. and I make no 
apology for that. But. a~ ludicrous as the Left often is. 
I have never advocated its suppression. 

Suddenly. censorship and suppression has become 
a question of social justice. TIle unkind name. the 
derisive description, the politically unpopular opinion 
have all become the targets of the new sensitivity. It is 
a perverse twist on the old kindergarten saying, "If 
you don't have anything nice to say. then don't say it 
at all." 

['m more afraid of another old saying. one which 
was popularized during the Vietnam war. "Let us win 
your hearts and minds or we'll bum your goddamned 
huts down." If this conflict of ideas is indeed a war. 
how long will it be before one faction says 10 the 
other. "Let us win your hearts and minds or we'll bum 
your goddamned presscs down?" 

This reactionary madnes,~ must stop. The univer-
si ty is no place for rock-throwing and death threats. 
Such primitive behavior is best left in the business 
world. or the halls of Congress. The Left and the 
Right will continue to disagree - at lea.~t for the 
immediate future. Better that they continue to do so 
on the opinion pages and at the debate lecterns than in 
the streets. 

Thunday, April 9, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

The Mystique of 
Fighting Words 
• Speech codes can be a 
problem, as well as a solution 
By Barbara Ublneer 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

It seems as if the endless debate 
about the cOmJption of America's youth 
by the proponents/opponents (depend-
ing on who you listen to) of the infa-
mous PC movement has actually 
reachedtheenlightenedandsunnycam-
pusofUCSD . 

I'd read about such goings-on at 
other campuses where similar speech 
codes had been enacted. [ had read the 
ubiquitous commentaries in student 
newspapers which declared that our 
Constitution. rOOled in the glorious tl'"J-
dition of Western philosophy and en-
lightenment. guaranteed a student's righl 
to call women "chicks." 

TIlen, there were the olher equally 
ubiquitous commentaries claiming. of-
ten in the fonn of rather excruciating 
poetry. that these codes were the begin-
ning of the demise of fascism in all 
comers of the earth . 

All the same, I hadn't realized that 
we had our very own official guidelirles 
for acceptable speech at the University 
of California . Apparently, the "fighting 
words" policy at the UC campuses pro-
hibits students from uttering words 
which are "inherently likely to provoke 
a violent reaction whether or not they 
actually do so." 

If this is so, it must be news to the 
considerable numberof students whom 
I have heard casually tossing about the 
"forbidden words," directing their s lurs 
against minorities. In this sense, the 
harassment policy is like the policy 
meant to curb student drinking - ran-
domly and casually enforced (if at all) 
and, usually, just ignored altogether. 

TIle reason for this is probably be-
cause the majority of the population 
realizes that speech codes only prohibit 
the outward manifestation ofthe'prob-
lem. TIle prejudices and attitudes be-
hind "fighting words" still exist inter-
nally. 

Considering the fact that a majority 
of students and faculty have expressed 
their dissatisfaction with speech codes, 
one has to wonder why anyone would 
bother to come up with one in the first 
place. If a "figJlIing words" policy re-
ally lacks any beneficial use and pur-
pose, then what's really the point? 

As a writer, I wa.~ intrigued by the 
emphasis placed upon palticular taboo 
words, a.~ opposed to actions or ges-
tures. Word .. , after all. are only sym-
bols. 

Lenny Bruce once did a routine in 
which he geniatry referred to members 
of his audience by various racial and 
ethnic slurs. He then went on to explain 
to the audi~nce members who remained 
in their seats thai words lost their power 
once they were repeated often enough 
to seem ridiculous. TIle taboo would be 
broken. . 

Certainly ,there is truth to what Bruce 
said. After a\l, no coy bleeps or edits 
could ever rid the word "fuck" of its 
strength faster than one of Eddie 
Murphy's monotonous monologues. 

Stin,ldon't find myselfincomplete 
agreement with Bruce. [think thaI when 
taken in thecontextthatthey &recreated 
in, "fighting words" are inherently of-
fensive. 

First of a\l, there's the pure aesthetic 
of the words. In the English language, 
most derogatory epithets are short and 

See SPEECH, Page 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

GUARDIAN CLOSE-UP 

Mayor McCheese? Not In My Town, Buck-O 
• There will be no McRib 
sandwiches in Danville -
not even for a limited time 
By PhIlp MIcIlU'1 
AssocIBte Opinion Editor 

They're up in arms in my hometown 
ofOanville. Thc good men and womc:nof 
that fair Nonhem California hamlet are 
hopping mad. and they don't care· who 
knows it. Some have even been heard to 
uner an obscenity. 

And what has the God-fearing citizens 
of Danville in such a tizzy? Is it the 
presidential election that has stuck the 
proverbial bee in their collective bonnet? 
'The lousy economy? The rising cost of 
education and the shrinking California 
budget? No, thecitizenSofmy hometown 
of Danville, California have bigger fish to 
fry. These good people have taken to the 
streets in droves to protest the latest atroc-
ity - a McDonald's might open within 
the city limits. 

Danville isoneofthoserypical Ameri-
can suburbs you see so often on bad TV 
sitcoms, with a population hovering 
around 26,000, the ITllljority of which are 
white. Anglo-Saxon, and more often than 
not, Protestant. It's under an hour away 
from San Francisco, making it an ideal 
haven for the model nuclear family. 

Danville is what they call an "affluent 

community," whichisapolitewayofsaying 
"a bunch of chowderheads with far too much 
money for their own good." So needless to 
say, when the news came that McDonald's 
would soon be opening up shop in Danville, 
it wasn ' t long before the Big Mac rut the fan. 

Now some of the arguments against the 
franchise are pretty ~und. It will increa'lC 
downtown traffic, there's already a Burger 
King in town. elc .. etc. (Nobody mentioned 
themostobvious strikeagainstMcDonald's: 
thai cuisine from the Golden Arches is 
vaguely akin to grilled roadkill. No one ever 
claimed thnt Danville was epicurean.) 

But (he most amusing, and ultimately (he 
most disturbing, complaint about the po si-
biliry of a McDonald's in Danville comes 
from a small group of citizens who obvi-
ou Iy have fartoo much time on their hilllds. 

Their complaint is th:u the McDonald's 
would bring "a bad element" into town. 

I'm not ex.actly sure what they mean by 
this. Do they think that the smell of golden 
french fries wi ll cause hoards ofVisigoths to 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

rampage through the streets of Dan v iIIe? 
Will the godless communists bedriven to 
a frenzy by the ta~te ofMcRib (Now, for 
a limited time . .. CHOMP!) and begin 
1000ing, pillaging and robbing fair maid-
ens of their vinue? 

No, apparently "bOO element" is secret 
I.:ode for "outsider." The fear among these 
upstanding citizens is th:lt roving gungs 
from surrounding communities (meaning 
blacks and Hispanics from OJkland) will 
flock to the new McDonald's to stir up 
trouble with thedefen.'ieless, pristine youth 
of D-Jt1vilJe. 

Huh? Did someone suddenly repeal 
the 14th Amendment while I wa~ in the 
shower? 

Ignoring the fact that thesinistergungs 
would face a half-hour commute. and 
that all the other towns in the Danville 
vicinity already have a McDonald's. this 
"bad elenlent" idea reeks of ignorance 
and idiocy. 

Danvillecitizensare worned. you see, 
wheneverthere 'saplacebeing built where 
youth might decide to loiter. Everyone 
knows that once you get a bunch of teens 
loi tering, race riots. anarchy and chao' 
are all just a McDL T away. 

This is a multi-faceted dilemma for 
the monied white trash of Danville. Not 
only might a "bad element" from the 
west descend upon the town like a heard 
of locusts. but teenagers might find a 

See DANVIUE, Page 6 

Guardian'sCommentaryBlewlt-NottheProtestors 
Editor: 

Although the immediate reason for this 
leiter is Ben Boychuk's commentary ("The 
Fee Protesters Blew It - Big Time," April 
2), I see his piece as representative of the 
Guardial/'s brand of journalism a.~ a whole 
and so addres,<;·the second 'part of this letter 
to the entire staff of the Guardiall. 

The vindictive tone of the piece ITlllde it 
sound to me like Boychuk has an enonnous 
amount of hostility that he would perhaps be 
betteroffdealing with through therapy, rather 
than foisting on an unsuspecting public. Or 
perhaps Boychuk considers opinion pieces 
to be simply about putting down others? For 
that is all he seems to do in this one; he 
derides both the protesters and the adminis-
tration. Neither group, he says, is "in touch 
with the students." 

Well. then,does Boychuk know whallhe 
:;;tudentll want? Although he doe:m' , come 
right out and say what he thinks this is. he is 
quiteexplicit about what he sees a.'istudents' 
rights. The one right that he mentions which 
is relevant here concerns the central issue 
around which his commentary revolves, the 
issueoffee hikes. "Students,"he says, "have 
the right to a decent education relative to 
what they pay for." 

This statement is very interesting be-
cause it is so vague. Perhaps he should be 
more ex.plicit and say "students have the 
right to a decent education relative to what 
their parellls pay for." About 61 percent 
(give or take fourpercent)ofUCSD students 
cite financial help from parents or family a'i 
the primary source they rely on (orcovering 
the costs of college. 

I am not going to address the significance 
of this fact. nor am I going to address the 
ideological impl icationsofBoychuk ' s state-
ment a .. this facl forces one to read it. But I 
run going 10 address how this infonnation 
relates to journalism as the Guardiall tends 
to practice it. Last quarter a survey was 
conducted of about 550 undergraduates at 
UCSD a"king, among other thing. ... how 

students felt about the fee increa'iC and how 
they thought it would affect (hem. 

TIle GI/ardiall was told of this survey a 
couple of weeks ago and was offered the 
opportunity to do a story on it. But ha~ the 
Guardiall taken advantage of this opportu-
nity to say something about how students in 
general feel ? I don ' t think so! 

This tells me two things about the 
Guareliall's brand of joumalism. First, the 
GllauJiall prefers "sensational ist" stories that 
pit one caricatured sideagainst another. This 
sense of what makes good copy smacks. 
frJnkly, of yellow joumalism. 

Second. I have come to the conclusion 
that the GI/ardiall writers tend to wait for 
stories to come to them, rJther than going out 
to find or investigate stories themselves. 
How else can one interpret the fact that the 
Guardiall staff ignored a great opponunity 
to write a story on how students as a whole 
feel about fee increases if not as an indication 
of laziness, or of a warped sense of what 
makes good copy, or both? 

Berit Dencker 
(EdilOr's Narc: The Guardian rcceived all 
CliVe/Ope afew weeks ago cOlllaillill.!: a prim-
Ol/r of a pollillg (",,/1/pUrer plw~ra/1/ which 
ille/uded qll('sriolls./}w rhe (,IIVe/OPC illeluded 
110 rC'su/rs or C'.lp/allatiolls.) 

Editor: 
I am writing this leiter in defen<;e of the 

student fee protesters and the philosophies 
that lhey hold. 

Ben Boychuk fails miserably in attacking 

the philosophy of the Left. The very faetthat 
he ha.~ to reSOJ1 to such subjective and imma-
ture words a~ "jackass" and "chimpanzee" 
to construct his argument against those who 
hold these philosophies is a tribute to the 
weakness of the counter- ideology which he 
is trying to defend, one which thri~es on 
dehumanizing those people in society who 
do not share in the wealth and the power 
possesed by the few. 

The only "right" that those on the Left 
demand is that everyone have a fair and 
equal shot at sharing in that wealth . Acces-
sible education is the key to doing so. With-
out it. the lower c1a.~ses and the minorities 
have no hope. 

Jt 's about timethat theGllardiull realized 
that education is not at all a paJ1isan issue. 
Whether or not education is a right, t he truth 
remains that a strong education is the key to 
any successful economy. l1lis has been a 
point that has been echoed by protesters on 
the Left and on the Right. 

Finally, the editors of the Gllardian seem 
(0 think that the people who protest are 
nothing but a bunch of animals who have 
nothing better to do than to si t around and 
bang drums. This couldn ' t be further from 
the truth. Those students who found the time 
to prote. t would much rather be home study-
ing than out fighting for their education, but 
unfoJ1unately people like the UC Regents 
nnd the editors of the Guardian force them to 
do so. 

Nicholas Endres 

Tilt UCSDGI/urcliol/ wckomcs yourlc llcll\undl'OllI -
mcnlaries. Drop your leller:u Ihe Gllllrtlitlll "nices 
(on Ihe second noor of the SlUdcm Cn.op CCllIer. 
above lhe GCIlCIlII Siore) or mait illo: 

Opinion Edilor 
, Gl/eJl'l"elll 

9500 Gilman Dr. 03 t6 
La Jotta. CA 92O'J2-03 t 6 

Lellers shuulll be Iyped. llouble.spaced :,nd 111/1.11 
iI/elI/tit a n:l11lC and a phone number. UI~.igned leller.. 
witt 11()( be prinletl. lcllerwrilcrs will be CIllllaclCll I" 
verify lheir idcmilics. We reserve the righl III cdil fur 
length and clarity. 



6 OPINION 

SPEECH 
ContInued from paCe 5 
hard. ·'Chink." "spic:' "fag" and 
"'.:ike" -the~e are ideal words for 
hissing or shouting out 'of a car 
window, hilling the target with a 
wallop of consonants. 

orne words are abo offensive 
because Ihey are delibemlely infor-
mal. like an unwanted nicknamc. 
"Eyetie," "polack" and "jap," for 
inMance, are corruplions or abbre-
viations of ethnic names thai are 
deemed too much lrouble 10 bother 
with, or not importanl enough 10 
remember. 

The standing joke aboul pc, of 
coun;e. is Ihat il foslers the develop-
ment of more and more compli-
cated. hyphenated titles. Yel even 
cumbersome, multi-syllabic words 

The UCSD Guardian 

DANVILLE 
ContInued from pap 5 
place where they can enjoy them-
selves. Sacrilege! 

If you remember. options are 
~mewhallimited for lhe poor high 
school lads and lasses. Aboul Ihe 
only uctiviliesteenscando, itseem:-.. 
are loiter. write ang. I-ridden poe I I)' 
and conceive unwanted pregnan-
cies; andoflhe Ihrec,loileringprob-
ably does lhe least amounl of dam-
age to society. 

E sentially,lheuproarSlartedwhen 
one of the proposed sites for the 
McDonald's wa.\i across the street from 
the Blackhawk community. 

HOlL\ies in Blackhawk cost a linle 
bit more than a multiple organ tr.lllS-
plant. The man who developed 
Blackhawk also own .. a smal l linJe 

\ 

* \ 
BUY 
THIS 
AD 

SPACE. ~ I I 
o m onc! 

, ~ ~ ' 
orne All! J ui n in Ihe ('un or ano lh r 

We're run out 
of tiller 
ideas. 

l 
as a ' w rillS in lhe sprins 'cu~on wilh our annual 

lrttdilio n. Thc Qc vcllc Q nei '''Iln~c t'oire 
un da ' April 12lh. 11 :00 tl .m.-4:00 p.m. loealed ul 

Rc ve llc 'ullc'c's 6lon he nsc 8llhe U 'D umpu . 

ro r morc inrormelion ce ll 534-3492. 

to vote 

I 
I 

\ 

Today is the last day to vote in the A.S. 
elections 

Polling locations: Price Center Plaza 
Gym Steps 
10:00 am - 2:00 pm 

LET YOUR VOICE BE HEARD!!! 

Thunday, April 9, 1992 

football team . called the Seallie 
Scahawk.,. These are people woo, fi-
nancially spcIking, don'r have much 
to worry about other than what wine 
gOCl- With the chicken. 

own kind. 
The 1a.'11 heard,lhe McDomlld ' ~ 

would be across Ihe ,treet from Ihe 
high school (so teen, wouldn't have 
to walk as fur to loiter, I gues~ ... ). 
provided that ildoesn'lllluck up Ihe 
traffic or predesline the fall of Ihe 
Republic. 

And when it looked a~ if 
Blackhawk would ~oon be under 
siege by a myriad of ant~y teenager-. 

(~me of whom might even have 
c(}lored skill.f).they mi:-.ed a ruckus. 
You would have thought that Jerry 
Brown had been eleCled president. 

All the same. I'm not tooeagerto 
return home to see how this flap 
plays out. To me. La Jolla i~ a tine 
place to reside. and besides. here we 
already have a McDonald's. Thi. chamling group of indi-

viduals (and hopefully, it's a prelly 
. mall portion of the Danville popu-
lace) is essentially enamored with 
the idea that it's 1952, and that 
there's sliII n distillCt line between 
"us" and "them." You had bellerbe 
the right age, the righl skin color, 
and have the right amount ofmooey, 
and if you don 'I, then stick to your 

And we all know what a seething 
den of iniquilY La Jolla ha~ be-
come ... 

''To achieve great things we must 
live a., though we were never going 
to die." 

- M(lr411~S tiC' \I(///I·('I/(wgl/(·.\· 

TOP FIVE 
Things to do on Friday or Saturday 

5) Study Ancient Basket Weaving 
4) Party 'till you puke 
3) Write a letter to Aunt Flossie 
2) Watch The Love Boat reruns 
1) Come see a university chancellor risk his life 
preventing a white supremacist group from holding a 
rally on his campus in Bob Siegel's new play: 

THE LAST WINDMILL 
April 10 and 11 

Solis Hall 107. 7:30 pm. 
Student Admission: $4 

(less than the price of a movie!) 
Sponsored by Sojourners CF and The- Associated Students of UCSD. 

APPLY NOW! 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 

BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE! 
Are you a graduating senior with little or no job 
training within your field of interest? 

Are you worried about your future career and 
just don't know how to get started? 
Is your major undeclared? 
Do you need help with your resume? 

Do you NOT even know how to write a resume? 

Would you be interested in volunteering at 
ASIO or in applying for one of six paid director 
post ions for the 1992-1993 school yt;ar? 

If you checked any of the boxes above, 
attend ASIO's 

• MONDAY, APRIL 13TH 
• Price Center Cove (next to Chung King Loh) 
• 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. . 

ApPLICATION DEADlINE'S: 
Summer and Fall Intemsblps: Friday, April 24th 
New Director Positions: Friday, April 17th 

Let ASIO help you gain the experience and skills you need. 
Internships can help you make contacts, clarify your career goals, 
and enhance your chances for P9st-graduate employment. 

OPEN MONDAY thru FRIDAY, 9 am-4 pm 
Price Centerl 3rd Floorl Room 3.303 
Applications Availcible Nowl 

For more info call 534 - 4689 

1/ 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

WRC 
ContInued from pace 1 
center, and have built a makeshift 
wooden "Women's Center" as part 
of their prote I. 

"It's ironic thai the longest letter 
from Tom Tucker on women's i -
sues is one that tries to prosecute the 
only women's group [here] .... It 
shows a lack of sensilivity on his 
part." McKay said. 

The filing of the cl'larges came as 
omewhat of a surprise, ince police 

officials had suggesled shortly after 
the protest that the marchers were 
protected by First Amendment 
rights. 

"We tend 10 bend over back-
wards to give wide latitude to stu-
dents expressing their views," 
UCSD Police Sergeant Dave Rose 
had said at the time. 

According to McKay, WRC 
members have not yet decided how 
they will respond to the charges. 
The group plans 10 hold a press 
conference at noon on Friday to 
discuss Ihe women's center issue, 
but McKay indicatedthataresponse 
to the charges will probably not be 
made at that time. 

Since the case involves a student 
organization rather than individual 
sludents, the case will be handled 
through Tucker's office instead of 
through a college dean 's office, ac-
cording to Student ConductCoordi-
nator Nick Aguilar. He explained 
thar the case could eventually be 
sent to a hearing conducted by a 
hearing officer, since there is no 
campus-wide equivalent to college 
judicial boards. 

McKay denied that the WRC 
planned either the graffiti or the 
topless march. 

"The WRC did not fund spray-
paint or stencils, and we didn't an-
ticipate people taking off their 
shirts," she said. "All we bought 
[for the event] were chalk and 
candles." 

But while she said the WRC did 
not plan the actions in question, 
McKay indicated thai the WRC did 
not condemn such conduct. 

PENSION 
ContInued from page 3 

Gardner is traveling in Asia and 
has been unavailable for comment. 

Bonnie Smotony, secretary for 
the Board of Regents, said 16 re-
gents attended Ihe Mar. 20 session 
and lilt voted in favor of the sever-
ance package. 

Hallisey also charged that com-
prehensive information concerning 
the closed session was nOI clearly 

The UCSD Guardian 

WEDNESDAY 'S A,S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

• Council Debales INlinillon of' loth In!:": ouncilmembers were lold al lasl 
nighl's A socialed SlUden! mceling Ihatthe ullocation of $1.000 10 the African· 
American Studenl Union did not adbere 10 lbe financial bylaws because a ponion of 
lhe money would go loward the purcha.'iC of lassels. llle financial bylaws state Ihal 
money alloc:lled 10 an organizalion cannot fund clothing. Councilrnembers subsc· 
quen!ly discussed wbether lassels can be considered as an ilem of clolhing or nol. 
Aflerexlcnsivc tJcbale on lhe dc finl ion of whUl a la. sci conslilules. councilmembers 
approved the allocation. 

, New Proposal 10 Create Affordable On· ampus Housing: Gene PelCrson. 
lbe Associated SlUdenls represenlalivc to lbe Housing and Dining Serv,ccs Commit· 
tee. spoke of a possible plan to allow s tudenl~ 10 live in designaled areas of Ihe campus 
for reduced rales. The sludents cou ld Ii,'e in Ihe older Revelle residence h:llls or in 
areas designated within each college. Councilmembers voiced tlleirconccm Ihalthc 

~"OlIcges would nOI relainlheir unity if lbe proposal were introduced. 

Old Business: 
• Allocation of S378 from General Unallocated 10 SlUdcnlS AClive Toward 

Communily Hcallh for the Calif min Chicano-Latino Medical SlUdent Associalion 
Conference on April II . Passed. 

' Allocation of$2.500 from General Unallocated to SlUdenl orColor Conference 
budgel for lhe April 24-26 conference. Passed. 

• Alloc:uion of$I.OOO from Scudem Organiz:llion Finance Board \0 Ihe African· 
American Recognilion Ceremony Commillee. Pa.'-'iCd. 

• Allocalion of $492 from Siudenl Organi/.alion Conference Tmvello MEChA 
for 131h Annual Nalional Chicano SCUdelll Conference. Passed. 

• Approval of Univcrsily Center Board Chaner as amended. Poslponed. 
• Approvat of ASUCSD Council Bylaws as amended by lbe Rules Commillcc. 

Poslponed. 

"The lewd conduct charge im-
pi ie that we hurt someone," McKay 
said. "What is so Ihreatening about 
me being lOp less?" 

McKay a1sosuggesled Ihat it was 
unfair lhal the WRC should be pros-
ecuted fortheir action while frater-
nities Ihat produce offensive flyers 
are not similarly punished. 

Despite the pall cast by the con-
duct charges. WRC members con-
tinued their Sun God lawn demon-
stration. 

"We'retheonlyUC schoolwith-
out a funded women's center," said 
WRC member and Fifth College 
senior Jamy Stillman, noting that 
the WRC is a sludent organizalion 
run completely by volunteers. 

"We're all full-time students .. . 
we exert all of our energy just to 
keep the door open. Our peer coun-
selors go Ihrough the same training 
as other peer counselors, but don't 
get paid," Stillman said. 

She added that if a women's 

presented in press releases to the 
public. 

Personnel mailers, including 
alaries or litigation, are routinely 

discussed in closed sessions, 
Malaspina said. 

According to Hallisey. delails of 
the package were not to be an-
nounced publicly until Gardner be-
gan his administrative leave in Oc-
tober. A press release li sting Ihe 
actions Ihe regents took at their 
meeting, including approval of a 

- Joanne Donahoe 

center were to be funded. that center 
could hire a paid full-time slaff 
member and could pay peer coun-
selors. 

Both McKay and Sliliman indi-
caled that while the Women's Cen-
ter shanty has received a few nega-
tive comments from passers-by, 
overall reaction to the structure and 
ils message has been positive. 

"It' s all been really, really posi-
live." McKay said. "People don't 
know about the issues .. . we're get-
ting the word out on what we don't 
have, and what we do have. [such 
as] peer counseling:' 

According to McKay, about 50 
Women's Cenler supporters con-
strucred their wooden "center" from 
wood and nails donated from vari-
ous campus construction sites. She 
also said that Physical Plant Ser-
vices agreed to lum off the sprin-
klers on Ihat pan of the lawn while 
the WRC and its supporters remain 
there. 

severance package 10 Gardner, ap-
peared on Mar. 24, Ihe day after 
Hallisey sent his leller to Wilson. 

The press release issued after Ihe 
closed session menlioned the ap-
proval of Gardner's administrative 
leave. establ ishmem of vesting dates 
for his separation and confirmation 
that Gardner would serve as an un-
paid consultant, but no mention WaS 
made of Ihe monetary amount he 
would receive upon leaving, or of 
details of Ihe arrangement. 

-------------, FIND STUDENT SPiING BIOI I 
BLOW OUT I I Roommates $ I Tickets 99 I Cars & UNDER: Bikes Deals 

Wi;' coupon. Rentals Exp. A/t2/92 
Stereos 

ON SELEOED NAME BRANDS Surfboards 
Shorts, Knit Tops Auto Repair Sales &(~~!I!gs Jobs 

Computers 
NEW ARRIVALS: IIPIISSI and more in 

[i] TIle ......... upstairs in the 8250 CAMINO SANTA FE Student Center, 
A"AlEl (off Miramar Rd.) • 450-3323 above the OlSIGNII General Store. lO N E Hours: Wed.·fri. 11·7 . Sor.·Sun. 11 ·5 

----_________ .J 

NEWS 7 

.L1U. __ .-_1.-___ .6 __ 
/711 JJ-I~I -/~t::31 -, III '!:/ 

"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 
Our Spring Schedule 

OCheml40B 
OCheml4OC 

Physics lC 
Chem 6C 
Math lC 
Math 120A 
Bio131 

Mon 8-1Opm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 6-8pm or 
Tues 8-1Opm and Thur 8-1Opm 
Mon 8-1Opm and Su n 6-8pm 
Mon 6-8pm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Tue 6-8pm and Sun 8-1Opm 
Tue 8-1Opm and Thur 8-1Opm 
Sun 4-6pm and Tues 4-6pm 

Location: We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center which is directly behind the 
Elephant Bar and EI Tonto restaurants, just across from 
campus I 
Only 24 spaces available per session. Any UCSD student 
may attend a free first session to evaluate our program, and 
your satisfaction is guaranteed. 

Fees: Course fees are $150 per class. Qualified financial aid 
students may enroll for $125 per class. Hasta! 
Questions? Cal1 us lOam-Midnight, at 1r 1r 1r 455-1000 

-------------------. - ,----------~ 
• 

ORREY'S 
La Jolla Marriott 

TEQUILA TUESDAY, 
ft, ~"n' GOod 1\me. Ws ~ "OC,,' 

HAPPY HOUR 
5-8 p.m. 
$1.00 
APPETIZERS 

$2.25 
TEQUILA SUNRISE 

TORREY'S A San Diego 

DON'T FORGET $1f)RA;i; 
NIGHT 

Late Night Jammin'to Classic Rock $100 Tequila Shots 
8 pm to closing 

Nightclub l()(alcO in Ihe 4240 La Jolla Village Dr" La Jolla CA 92037 
SJn Diego ,\IJrriotl (619)587,1414 ext, 6220 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

lDM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \fIN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'Musl present c oupon and valid UCSO 10 at lime of eslimole. 
Not vOlid wllh majo< engine 0< I ,onsmls~on ,epai" 

r~ I CALL II""''' e 1450-9494 ,JG 
- '!z _ ... ..,,,,, ,,,,,,, 

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References, 
5870 MIRAMAR RD, NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L ____________________ ~ 



8 NEWS 

710wers cC: 9ijis 
Co fa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

J Il Dlt'go. CA 91 121 
558-6666 

with purchase of 
Whole Chicken 
Combo 

FREE 
DOlEN 

I CARNATIONS 
""hi .tdl.l" ut\W"t',nul'\· 
\ .. t \.IliJ ,u.h.lm l.tll'T IIU~'T 

.. 
- \I e o.:lh ~r 
WorldW~' 

OVERDUE$? 
UCSD Library will implement a new billing policy beginning Spring 
Quarter, 1992, that will atTect all library borrowers. This will be the 
procedure for overdue o r lost library items: 

• A courtesy reminder stating that items ar overdue w ill be sent 
shortly after the due date. 

• If materials are not returned or renewed. a second notice will 
be sent stating that a Ilon-<'ancellable overdue fee of $7.00 has 
been levied . 

• If materials al e st ill no t retumed, borrowing privileges will be 
slispend('d and a bill will be issued which indudes replace· 
ment cost o f the item(s) . a $7.00 overdue fee, a $20.00 
processi ng fee and a $7.00 billing service charge. 

• If an Item is recalled and not retumed by its revised due date. 
an additional $14 .00 dlarge will be imposed. 

You may renew items on o r be fo re their due date, or before 
ove rdue items have accru ed the ove rdue fee . by telephoning or 
stopping at the circulation desk of any UCSD library. Library 
mate nals (exce pt Reserve items) may 
be retumed to any branch , If you 
have questions about these policy 
d langes, or other bo rrowing policies. 
call 534-3339. The Libraty is not 
responsible for undelivered mail. UCSD LIBRARY 

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 

special creative project! U$ GRANTS funds projects 
for all majors. If you have any questions, call us a 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 
WE ARE ACCEPTING PROPOSALS 

FOR SPRING 92 GRANTS 
DEADLINE FRIDAY APRIL 10 3 PM 

RANTS 

The UCSDGuardian 

KSDT 
Continued from pace 3 
new tran miners will be one oftwo 
possible frequencies, found in a 
search conducted by the DataWorld 
company of Maryland for frequency 
allocation - thatthe tat ion could use 
without interfering with licensed 
stations. 

Because of the annended FCC 
regulation, KSDTcan begin ope rat-
ingona frequency already alloted to 
a Mation in the area, provided 
KSDT's broadcast does not inter-
ferewith the IicensedslUtion ' sbroad-
cast. DataWorld ' research deter-
mined that KSDT's broadcast range, 
which Breyman describes as ·'a 
couple hundred yards" around each 

tran~mitter, will be limited so there 
will not be an interference. 

The proces of opemting under 
one of the e frequencies will in-
volve care in dealing with the FCC. 
Media Cente r Director Sherman 
George noted that any regulation 
violations by UCSD cou ld jeopar-
dize the licenses held by the Univer-
sity of California for stations at UC 
Santa Barbara and UC Berkeley. 

Breyman said he expects no 
trouble with the operation and is 
eager to increase on-campus par-
ticipution with KSDT. If more stu-
dents can hear KSDT. he added. 
"they can give feedback on what 
they want to hear." 

AID 
Continued from page 1 
long and complicated application 
forms and high charges on student 
loans reduce the ability of student 
to finan e their education." 

" We' re ~<.:eing a lot of barriers 
[to highereducationlthat highschool 
s tudents are not able to overcome:' 
!>aid Mi!>hka Migacz, a legiSlative 
aide in Lee ' s office. 

"They don't want to go through 
the process of applyi ng for college, 
and one of the reasons is because of 
the difficulty in applying for finan-
c ial aid," Migaez added, 

"We are witnessing a crisis in 
education, and we should be mak-
ing it ca.,ier for ~tudent to receive 
financial aid." Lee told commi ttee 
members before the vote. 

If ' igned into law by Governor 
Pete Wilson, the bill would tream-
line the complicated Student Aid 
Application for California (SAAC) 

Another step toward increasing 
the audience is the improvement of 
the quality of the FM cable s ignal 
the tation already broadcasts . Ac-
cording to Breyrnan, KSDT cur-
rently sends its signal via telephone 
wire to Mount Soledad, from Mount 
Soledad to Cox Cable by micro-
wave link, and then on from Cox to 
Southwestern Cable. Breyman said 
the microwave currently used to 
send the signal from Cox to South-
western Cable "headends," or re-
ception si tes, i no longer able to 
'upport quality trmsmis -ion, 

KSDT has therefore secured an 
agreement from Southw tern Cable 
that would allow the station to send 
a signal via a stronger microwave 
link on Mount Soledad directly to 
Southwestern Cable, creating a "Y" 
split in the broadcasting to cable 
companies. There wil! be no change 
in coverage for either cable 
headends, but the quality of broad-
cast will improve for Southwestern 
Cable customers. 

By reusing current equipment 
and borrowing ome from South-
we, tern Cable, KSDT has lowered 
the cost of the witch-over from an 
estimated $700 or $800 to less than 
$300. The A.S. allocated the funds 
necessary, plus those required to 
buy and install the ultra-low fre-
quency transmitters. bringing the 
total allocation for KSDT's broad-
cast expansion to $640. 

form. Currently , there are between 
78 and 123 questions on the SAAC 
form. as well as sub-questions col-
lecting over 160 separate pieces of 
information, 

"AB 2649 would allow the 
SAAC form only to collect data 
which is required by the fedeml 
government or is needed to process 
the form," Shaw said. 

Shaw noted that while there can 
be as much as a $60 fee tosubmit the 
SAAC form, no other state aid pro-
grann requires a payment to apply. 

'·Students should not have to pay 
to prove their level of need," said 
Tobin Freid, ehairofUCSA's Stu-
dent Fees and Financial Aid Com-
mi ttee. 

AB 2649 would allow the tate 
Student Aid ommission to pay a 
subsidy directly to the companies 
who process the SAAC form, mther 
that forcing student to pay proce s-
ing charges. 

In addit ion to affecting theSAAC 

Thursday, ApriJ9, 1992 

Breyrnan noted that the future of 
KSDT "could follow two tracks: 
either on to full broadcast. or con-
tinue on cable and ultra-low power 
on-campus." 

Disc jockey Jackson Maddux 
said he is pleased with the new 
expansion, saying that it has "no 
drawbacks whatsoever." He added 
that he believes that people who 
hear KSDT for the first time might 
besurprisedtodiscoverit' not what 
they thought. 

Currently on KSDT,listenerscan 
hear spons, news and music pro-
gramming - what Breyman refers 
to as "anything you can' t get any-
where else." The tat ion 's motto is 
"to educate and entertain." 

Special progran1ming now in-
cludes a weekly hour-long show 
produced by the Betty Ford Center 
on drinking issues aimed at college 
tudents. A weekly half-hour how 

on women's i s~ ues will soon be 
added to the progmmming, 

With the largest audience cur-
rentlyoff-campus, receiving the sig-
nal by way of cable in areas of La 
Jolla, Miramar, Poway and Rancho 
Bemardo, KSDTi currentlyfocu -
ingon capturing more of the interest 
of students on campus. 

Breyman said he is not ruling out 
an expan ion with Dimension or 
Daniels Cable companies to Solana 
Beach, Escondido, Oceanside, Del 
Mar and San Juan Capi trano. 

form, the bill would limit insurance 
premiums charged to student bor-
rowers. Currently, students pay 1.25 
percent of their lo:m into a reserve 
pool that is used to ,,(,fset the cost of 
defaulted loans. 

"Students take out [a loan of] 
$1,000, and are responsible for pay-
ing $1,000 back, but only ever see 
$800 of it," Migacz said. 

The bill would reduce the pre-
mium to. 75 percent and would place 
restrictions on how often and how 
much the premium could be in-
crea ed. 

According to Shaw, the reason 
for the current premium cateof 1.25 
percent stems from a large number 
of defaulted student loans invol ving 
ineffectual or fraudulent trade 
schools, and not from defaults by 
university s tudents. 

"J don't think students today 
hould be guilty now for what other 

students did in the past," Migacz 
aid. 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAr. 
This checklist will help you 
answer all of them. 
~ Kaplan makes test prep convenient. 
~ With 150 cen ters, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready 10 teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 
~ Kaplan helps you manage your time. 
~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 

on, before they hurt your perfonnance. 

~ Kaplan offers the best value. Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
~ Kaplan is the industry leader, 
~ 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources 

it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOWI1-800-KAP-TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

C 1992 Stanley H. Kaplan EducatioRAI Crnt .. r Ltd. 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

TGIF 
Continued from page 1 
will be available on a nearby table, 
in accordance with the recommen-
dations of the UCSD Committee on 
Alcohol and Substance Abuse, 

"·We can [distribute flyersl, but 
that doesn't mean we have to force 
the infornlation on s tudents." said 
A.S. Vice President Administrativl: 
Mike Holme. noting that the mate-
rial will not be presented in a man-
ner offensive to student. 

The alcohol education materials 
mu t be distributed by agreement 
with the committee. since Wat on 
indicated during Fall Quarter that 
he would reinstate the TGs only on 
the recommendation ofthecommit-
tee and of Assistant Vice Chancel-
lor of Student Developmem John 

UCB 
Continued from page 1 
a ed in terms of its relationship with 
the university ... that would mean 
that you would need to employ out-
side counsel," said Gr.Jduate Stu-
dent Association (GSA) Represen-
tative and GSA President Denise 
Fenton on Tuesday. 

Fenton went on to explain that 
such a move would allow the pow-
ers of the UCB to be "defined le-
gally" once and for all. 

1be formation of the committee 
was not challenged by UCB mem-
bers during the meeting, but the 
UCB's ability to hire an outside 
attomey was refuted in a letter from 
the universi ty's General Counsel 
office to UCB Chair Molly McKay. 

In the letter, University Counsel 
Joanna Beam stated that any request 

Yearbooks 

,"" 

Giebink. 
The committee 5:lid TGs did not 
con~ rn1 to t:'1 lpU polic. but 
would if a 1" phasl~ \ 'ere placed 
on alcohol I:dLAl..a:ic'l1. 

In addition 10 banners and I .11" 
phlets.theA.S. will havetolim itt 
numberof"wet"TGs held perquar-
ter and schedule a comediun or 
peaker whose material includes 

anti-drug and alcohol material. 
The success of the TG will be 

reviewed by the committee in one 
ear. 

Holme - said recently that by 
agreeme nt with Watson the sched-
uling of a comedian would not be 
required. 

··We got rid of the comedian or 
speaker required for the event." he 
said. 

However. Watson said no such 

for outside legal coun!.C1 from the 
UCB would first have to be ··ap-
proved by the chancellor 's office . . . 
[and then) forwarded totheofficeof 
the president and the office of the 
General Counse l for ajoint discus-
ion as to whether or not such a 

referral is appropriate." 
McKay reacted s trongly to 

hurdles placed in front of the UCB's 
attempt to re tain counsel. 

"[The administration] writes all 
the rules, they interpret the rules and 
then they make it such that there is 
no recourse to the interpretation . 
111ey hold all the cards, they ho ld al\ 
the money". people can make their 
own decision aboUI whal kind of 
regime we live under," shesaid yes-
terday. 

UCB Commissioner of Finance/ 
Co-op Enterprises Chris B umett was 
less surprised and upset at the con-

,',': . 

The UCSD Guardian 

agreement was in place, and he was 
s till assuming that the terms of the 
compromise will be followed. " I 
would say [Holmes' statement! is 
II appropriate," he said. 

According to Watson. the only 
em changed fr III thL orig inal 

agreement \ ith the commi ttee was 
that the recommendations wi ll have 
to be Il"nMmed under the next A.S, 
Coun II. since the current council 
cannot allocute funds for the next 
A.S. Council. 

Bondurant ~uid he is alread 
searching for comedians, who will 
perfom1 in the Price Center during 
the duy. not during the TGs. "Thut 
will depre s all the fratemit guys 
having lunch," he suid. 

According to Bondurant. one 
addi ti nal issue has . urfaced since 
Watson's approv;ll of alcohol at 

tent of the letter from Beam, 
"That's been Ithe administra-

tors'] line the whole time: ' he 5:1id. 
Burnett added thut compromises 
might have to be made to gain ap-
proval from the administrJlion. 

Several suggestions for altern a-
Ii ve methods were suggested for 
use if the university does disallow 
outside counsel. 

McKay considered asking other 
UCs which have boards similar to 
the UCB that are autonomous to 
help the board. and Burnell raised 
the possibility of having the co-ops 
paying for the UCB counsel. 

The unanimity of the board dis-
sipated, however. when representa-
tives discussed hiring Cohen, the 
co-ops' lawyer, to represent the 
UCR 

"How can we ascertain that our 
interests as a board are being repre-

Tas. The UCSD Police, he said, 
w;mt all drinkers to be cordoned off 
from non-drinkers in a "beer gar-
den." 

Police Sergeant Randy Fedak, 
who signed the required blue form 
for the TG on the condition that 
there be :l beer garden, said the 
police have ulways advocuted such 
a mt'u. ure. 

"The reul is~ue is thut minors are 
drinki ng:' Fedak said. "We 've been 
out there and watched people switch 
armbands." which mark drinkers 
and control the number of drinks 
distributed. 

Bondurant said the poliee only 
serve an advi. ory role, and their 
suggestion will likely beovenridden 
by Assistant Vice Chancellor Tom 
Tucker. ·Tuc!.cr has always been in 
favor of the TGs." he s;lid. 

sented and nOt specifically the co-
ops' interestsT Fenton asked. 

Fifth College representative 
Rajendra Roy agreed with Fenton's 
Objec tion. saying. " I am nOt overly 
confident that this board will al-
ways remain on favorJbleternls with 
the co-ops," 

After the meeting, Fenton com-
mented that. "(Cohen] can't with a 
good conscience represent both the 
UCB and the co-ops because ... the 
CQ-QpS are a beneficiary of the ac-
tions taken by the UCB. 

"More than that, I think that the 
Cal i fornia State Bar wou Id percei ve 
it as a conflict of interest, "she added. 

Burnett defended the choice of 
Cohen during the meeting, saying, 
"She is not out to bring uit or tile 
against anything outside of the abil -
ity to see that the UCB is able to 
control its fees, She will be com-

NEWS 9 

Tucker said he has not yet seen 
the required blue fonn, so he could 
not comment on the details of the 
event. 

Darold Mru saro, whodistributed 
a TG petition to students and fJculty 
earlier this year. said the petition 
had a good effect in that it showed 
the commi ttee that there is wide 
support for the event. 

"I think it was very helpful in at 
leJst getting the me~sJge out : ' 
Massaro said. "It established the 
opinion of the people. " 

"When we first begJn the peti-
tion. some administrJtors looked 
very unfavorably [on the effort I: ' 
Massaro said. 

He also noted that he encoun-
tered a detrimental level of student 
apathy. "Students cun ma!.e a dif-
ference." he argued. 

pletel y answering to the I Legal Af-
fairs 1 committel:." 

Carruthers questioned both the 
selection of Cohen and the board 's 
ability to hire her. During Monday 's 
meeting he said. "My guess is that 
you are not going to SCI: u check Ito 
pay an attorney] cut. [McKay 1 can-
not sign a contmct on behalf of the 
university.,. the paper would mean 
nothing." 

The discussion over which attor-
ney to hire may not be an issue. 
considering the administration's 
steadfast resistance to the idea of 
hiring outside counsel thus far. and 
with the cunrent board being re-
placed by new members in three 
weeks. 

While saying that she thinks the 
board should not "give up," McKay 
did acknowledge thaI. "we mn out 
of time," 

I I I WEDNESDAY & 
THURSDAY 

SPECIALS 

DRAFT BEER 

For more infomiatio~. to change an ·apPoi1)trnent. or to make one, 
contact the yearbOOk office at 5~ 749.1 (Pric~~ Cen~ Rm. 2.413) 

WATERMELON SHOOTERS 
MELON BALL SHOOTERS 
~"" /', ...... , '" ';':' . .('. 



Also Inside: 
Things to Do/H3 

• World Entertainment/H3 

The latest releases from the music industry go through the Hiatus wash 

H2 

H2 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 9, 1992 

The Best ... . .. and the Rest 

Body Count, Body Count 

G (Sirl! Records) Take one pan ....... ~ ch~~s~ metal. combine it with one ~ • ) awful interpretation of punk. throw '- in Ice T and presto! Mediocrity. An ~ntire album of generic. crossover 
metal with poorly written lyrics and shoddy 
musicianship. The album is proof Ice T has 
entirely too much influence at Sire. 

From the break-neck hard core songs to the 
intolemble balloo-type "The Winner Loses:' Body 
Count assaults the listener with inferior musician-
ship and trite riffing. melodies and arr.lngell1~nts. 
Despite all thi s. I would still like to see Booy 
Count make a million dollars. 

-Joseph Garcia 

The Ramones, Loco Live 
(Sire Records) Body Count might have taken a 
lesson in punk from older-than-you punk icons the 
Ramones. Loco Lil'£' contains 32 Inlcks of 
unforgettable classics like "Psycho Therupy." 
"Rock 'n' Roll High School." and "Sheena is a 
Punk Rocker." 

Recorded in Spain, the production is great for a 
live album. and the song quantity itself makes the 
album a value. Most of the songs sound the same. 
but hey, Ramones style depends on continuity. It 
appears as though th~ dress and hair styles of th~ 
band haven't changed much in the past decade. 
and even in Europe. they don th~ir New York 
duds ;lIld 'dos. 

-Joseph Garcia 

The Disposable Heroes of 
Hiphoprisy, Hypocrisy is the 
Greatest LuxUlY 

G (Founh and Broadway Records) One li sten to this disc and it 's (!2 obvious why the word "dispo~able" uppeurs in the name of the group. 
Yuck. yuck. yuck. Rupper Michael 

Fr.lIlti does his best to drop knowledge. but fulls 
far short in the vocal delivery. his style ;~howing 
too much Chuck D intluence aI times. Lyrically 
HyfJocri.I)' ... is often interesting and intelligent: 
however, a poor delivery detmcts from any 
importance the lyric may have contained. 

Hypocrisy . . . uses more samples than one 
person can comprehend in a listen and is slow and 
monotonous to the point of agony. At thi s point. it 
should be evidem that the album causes severe 
displeasure upon being pluyed. 

The album contains the most poorly used 
sample in sampling history; the use of "California 
Uber Alles" by the Dead Kennedys just doesn't 
work Better luck next time. 

-Joseph Garcia 

A L B u M R E v E W S 

• Hiatus has a few definitive suggestions about 
which new releases to buy and which ones to avoid 

Pick of 
the Utter 

Ride 

Ride, the leader of British new wave 
(Reprise Records) Ride's second 
effort, Going Blank Again, has 
removed the grating guitars of its 
first album and has focused on 
drums. The recent trend in the 
British alternative scene is the use 
of slow and heavy guitar riffs with 
varied tempos. Ride is in the same 

vein as My Bloody Valentine, Swerved river and Blur, but 
has a unique quality which puts it at the top of its class. 

Unlike its counterparts, Ride does not attempt to 
infuse bizarre vocals with each song - the music takes 
center stage. Atfirst, I was upset with the new sound, but 
it is an obvious progression without sacrificing its original 
sound. Ride has traded a frcwtion of its droning guitars for 
sarcastic lyrics and a touch of pop. It is a radical 
departure for these four young men, but it proves that 
Ride is not a trend follower, but a leader. 

-Josh Odlntz 

See PICK OF THE LITTER, Page H3 

Ian McCulloch, Mysferio 
(S ire Records) Al though Echo ~nd the BunnYlllen 
was a good altemative bant! . Ian McCulloch 
without the rest of his cohon~ sounds tireu ant! 
boring. His ~econd Walllcr attempt. M YS/('I'io. i~ a 
major disappointment. Insteau of trying to bmnch 
out into oth~r r~alm~ of 1llu~ic. he llluJtlll!~ the 
sound of the BunnYlllen with numerous sal11ple~ 

and11lindle~~ guitar so lo~ . 
Unfonunately for the Ibtener. McCulloch i, 

pretending to be Robell Smith of the Cure. Tune~ 
li"c "Lowr Lover Lover" alld"Heavell ' ~ Gate" 
are indicative of the Cure circa Ki.\.1 MI' . Ki.I.1 MI' . 
KissMC'. 

Mysll'fio fails to be intere~ting or in t~lIi gible . 
The average song has six lines of poetry which 
any Depeche Mode fan could have wl'illCII 0 11 ;1 
(kpre1>~ing day. McCulloch fan, will bt: di~­
pleused with such a poor n: lea~c. unh.:s~ it's 
possible to get a singit! of the be~t ~ongs 
"W~bbed" and "Pomegranate," which would be 
cheaper antlles~ grJting on the ear... 

-Josh Odintz 

Slik Toxik, Doin' the Nasty 

G (Capitol ReCOil") It is quite ~ refn:~hinl! to heur ;\ metal band ...... ( . ) whkh u~sn ' t care about ballad~ and wal1l~ to pal1y all night. Toronto' s Slik Toxik rocks the 
hOllse and bUllls the bridge, whio:h linked itto 
modem metal. 

Toxik 11!lies on a heavier ,ound. It borrow~ a 
little from Guns 'N Ro,es and Aeroslllith. and 
kad singer Nicholas S. Walsh sountls a bitli"e 
Vince Neil. but it t10es 110t fall il1to the trap of 
ripping off its heroes. Guiwrists Kevin Gale: and 
Bob Bruce shred and create tilt: most off the wall 
solos. Butl110st impres,ive is the blue, intro in 
"Chen), Bomb." These guy~ are taknted. 

Included on this fiN album i, their anthem. 
"Big Fuc"in' Deal." But most impressive is an 
instrumental. "Rachel', Dead:' the hardc~t tune 
offered on thei r <.Jebut. Toxik combines ,ample, 
and heavy ba~s and dtul11s (P;uric Howanh ,Ind 
Neal Busby) and luns rings around Skid Row. 

Like its fellow hard rock al:ts. Slik Toxik\ 
lyrics are most conceilled with relationship, and 
women. Granted lyricist Duv~ Mereel does not 
write poetry: he avoids the tnlp of writi ng songs 
which are about beer. sex and salivuting over the 
st~reotypical blond. "Blood Money" 1'>teps into 
the mind of a prostitute and paims a t1ism;a1 pictul1! 
of life. 

Slik Toxik is destined for popularity: the 
members are talented. good looking. ,and they 
don't try to write sappy slow tunes. If these guys 
come out with a sophomore ~ffon which come, 

c1o~e to "Doin' the N,,~ty." then Slik Toxik will 
be a permanent fixture of the hard rock scene. 

-Josh Odlntz 

For more reviews see REVIEW, page H3 



Thursday, April 9, 1992 The UCSD Guardian HiATUSH3 

PICK OF THE LITTER THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 
ContInued from page H2 
Compilation, King Jammy: A 
Mall and His Music 
(RAS Records) Ras has to be the great-
est reggae record label and the three-CD 
set King Jammy. .. affirms it. The discs 
are divided into three sub-genres, Roots 
& Harmony Style, Computer Style, and 

Hits Style, which are also the titles of each volume in the set, 
respectively. The best disc of the set is Roots ... , a 15-track 
collection of cool running reggae music and beautiful reggae 
crooning. Computer Style is, as it implies, high-tech reggae -
programmed drums and all. Hits Style breathes the voice of reggae 
with a pop flair. Hours of quality reggae for those of you who are tired 

Cecil Lytle 

CRITIC'S of California Reggae. 
REVIEW 
Continued from page H2 

Melissa Etheridge, 
Never Enough 
(Island Records) Rock 'n roll isn't 
dead! And Melissa Etheridge is the 
living proof. Along wi th her new 
blond haircomes n fre!>hstylewhich 
estoblishes her as one of lhe premier 
female artists of the year. Like her 
last effort Bral'C' and era:)'. NC'I'cr 

-Joseph Garda 

ElIIl/lgh i~ brutally hone, .. Etheridge 
doe, not preach abou t her sexuul 
preferen e. but ,he ,ings about ~e­
duction and indeci~ivene~s. 

InstcJd of solely relying on her 
past rock cI:L\~ics. Etheridge has 
tackled technology and ha, come 
up with two dance tune,. "200 I" 
and "Must Be hlZy For Me." The 
latter song is prob:lbly the best on 
the album. mainly bccau,eshe fuses 
a grc;st back beat wi th her previous 
style. ('I'('r Ellol/gh captures the 
intensi ty of her I ive show~ . ;lI1d this 
is most brilli;)nt ly displayed on the 
final cut of the album. " It 's For 
You." 

Nel'er Ellul/gh is a mtturJI pro-
gression fi lled with 10 incredible 
ongs. Etheridge will finally gain 

the attention she deserves from the 
music world. 

- Josh Odlntz 

CHOICE 
Cecil Lytle will be 
the piano soloist in 
Gershwin' Second 
Rhapsody which is 
part of the 
American Concert 
to be perfonned by 
La Jolla Symphony 
and Chorus on 
April 11 at 8 p.m. 
and April 12 at 3 
p.m. For more info 
call 534-4637. 

-------------, 
-

-
I 

-

STUDENT SPRING BREAK 
BLOW OUT 

-$ 99 & UNDER-
Wirh coupon 
Exp. 4/ 12/92 

ON SELECTED NAME BRANDS 
Shorts, Knit lops 

& (~!!~!gs 
NEW ARRIVALS : EXPRESS! 

~'i' ~ 8250 CAMINO SANTA FE 
~PPAREl 

OESIG~'(l 
Z 0 N E 

(off Miromor Rd., . 450·3323 
Hourl: WecUri. 11 ·7 . Sot.·Sun. 11 ·5 _____________ .J 

Tastefully Elegant 
Chinese Dining 
Dine in and Food to Go 
We erve well-balanced, healthy dishes 
We don't use MSG 
We Cater All Occa ion 

• Weddings 
• Parties 
• Business Meetings 

CONTINUING: The Southwest Museum in Los Angeles is 
looking foranwork done by "urban" Native Americans. The ........ 
NaIIYe ~ Art Show will run from June 18 through 
Sunday. June 21 and will exhibit mixed media pieces. Call Dr. 
Kathleen Whitaker for more infonnation at 213-221-216-+. 

Go see the LMertum at the Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater. 
because it is MlOn going to be discontinueO for an undctennined 
amount of time. TemporJrily replacing the L;!.serium will be the 
Imax Rolling Stones concert film. Cel1ainly. the time-honored 
tradition of the uL~erium will not die ea~y with ~ol11e. So if you CJre. 
call the Spa e The;Jter at 238-1233. 

FRIDAY: Believe it or not. the Spuce Theuter is giving away _ 
life size ~ cut-out of St. Trek's Captain KIrk. 
Yes. you too can own your own replica of the original Star Trek 
captain! Quick. mail an entry to Captain Kirk DrJwing. Reuben H. 
Fleet Space Theater & Science Center. P.O.B. 33303. San Diego. 
CA, 92163. The entry should be postmurked by Friday. so hUrry. 

At 8 p.m .. the San Diego-based modem dance troupe h_scs, 
McGeIeb, and Dancers will perfoml a concert of original work. 
The event. sponsored by the Carlsbad Ans Office. will be held at the 
Carlsbad Culluml Arts Center, located at 3557 Monroe Avenue in 
CJrlsbad. 

WEDNESDAY: Running through Saturd;ay. Daughters of 
the Dust will beplayingattheKenCinemain Kensington. 11le film 
follows a family on the eve of its migration to the north from the Sea 
IsI<lnds of the American South. 

It is part of the EmergIng Black Cine .... Sertes which is 
being presented at the Ken Cinema. 

SATURDAY: Reve lle College is hosting the 12th annual 
R ..... snce F ..... at, of all places. Stonehenge. located south of 
Galbraith Hull. The event is being held in conjunction wilh "Admit 
Day," where prospective students roam the campus Jnd snoop. The 
Renaissance Faire is entirely student-run and includes fencing 
demonstnuions. jugglers. magicians, puppet shows, a Maypole 
dance, authent ic jousting and music. And forthose who feel the need 
to buy stuff, a mJrketplace will offer cr.afts by local artisans. 

I When two reople dine and ABACUS I 
II the total purchase exceed 20.00 3~49 Guvernor [ me II 

APRil 30 • THURSDAY. 8PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD BOX OFFICE iiCiiiiW~_. 

""'''-.:::;..J.aJC _ ......... 

534-6 46 7 ... ~~.!.!:..TIX. ~l Genesee I One coupon per customer. Not valid Wlih any oUl4II' oilers 11 \ '"ns - h,'pping Center I 
D.ne I~ only. Oller exp,res 5,-15192 587,1188 L __________________________ ~ 

H4 HiATUS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 9, 1992 

Entertaining the World? 
• The road to success is not far, with World Entertainment providing 
avenues for aspiring ani ts to express their talent 
By Joseph Garcia 
Hiatus Editor 

For some. the mish-mash of 
posted advertisements in the Price 
Center is acalenderof com i ng events 
to the UCSD area. For others. the 
bills are colorful sensory stimuli. 
and nothing more. Every now and 
then, among the "in concerts" and 
"on sale nows." is tucked a "for sale 
or ren!" - and this is expecled. 

One day, however, a new flyer 
appeared: "AUDITION. The World 
Entenainment Group is now activcly 
seeking musicians. dancers. vocal-
ists. comedians. actors. landl h!ch-
nieal support for large scale enter-
tainment troupe." Cenllinly. this 
flyer was an anomaly among the 
usual fodder. 

Who is the "World Entertain-
ment Group" and what is its "large 
scale entenainment troupe?" The~e 
were the fi rst of many questions that 
needed to be answered. I called the 
number at the bottom of the flyer. 

The number connects the caller 
toaMr. Chill'e (likeSting.or Prince). 
the Musical Director of World En-
tertainment. 

He hooked up with Timothy 
Simms. the other half of the com-
pany. and both were willing to en-
lighten me on what they're up to. 

"From the business aspect, the 
foundation of I World Entertain-
ment] is laid," Simms explained. 
"Now we're collecting our re-
sources. and our most valuable re-
source is people .... [World Enter-
tainment! is a promoter with an in-
house ~tajT of acts. musiciuns. und 
other ped'onners and technical sup-
port . Weare looking for people who 
have a commitment to !o>uccess. We 
promote them and find them av-
enues for exposure." 

It appears the "large scale enter-
tainment troupc" isn't a big act like 
a ~ymphony. but a collection of 

~mall act~ with diverse functions. 
Right now the troupe i~ I imited to 
only a handful of uct~. 

Why? Becau~e Chi1l'e ;lI1d 
Simms aren't offering "a free ride," 
and that's what mm,t folks W;)nt. 

World Entenainment is looking 
for talented individuals who want to 
invest work and then get paid. Peopk 
supply the talent while Simms and 

Chill'e supply the avenues for ex-
pression of the tulent. The paycheck 
comes from World Entertainment 
and not the venue or event promoter. 

It sounds like a good idea forthe 
perfonner, but what does one have 
to do? Sell their soul or pay some 
up-front fee? 

Chill'eand Simm~ were amused 
by this notion. Simms responded. 
"We're not some fly-by-night op-
erJtion .... We ask for a comlllit-
ment from people." 

Chill'e added. "We don't want 
anyone flaky." 

It seems all they want are people 
to make acommitment to work when 
World Entertainment find~ them ;1 
venue for their perfolmance ~"i ll. 

Sound too good to be true? Well. 
it sounds like a good idea. and if 
Simms and Chill'e cun find the re-

source~ to make the troupe come 
together. it i~ possible that all in-
volved c uld benefit. 

Are there perfomlel~ out there 
who cannot lind venues for their 
talents? Musicians who cannot tind 
a band. yet still want to perf 01111 in a 
group? 

APPAREL ZONE APPLY TODAY! FOR THE POSIIlON OF ASSOCIA1E FEAlURES EDITOR Simply bring your application, containing resume, clip and cover letter to the Guardian 
offices on the second floor of the old Student Center. Or mail it to: Designer labels 50%-90% Off! 

8250 Camino Santa Fe. 450-3323. The UCSD Guardian c/o Jason Snell, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, 92093-0316. 

SOMEWHERE BETWEEN HEAVEN AND HELL 

wrrB SPECIAL GUESTS: 

and 
BES,. KISSERS 
IN ..... EWORLD 

DON'T MISS OUT! 
TICKETS GOING FAST! 

April 17 
Friday 

8pm 
ueSD Gym 

~ DEADUNE: 11IURSDAY, APRIL 16 CALL 534·6580 

r 



10 SPORTS 

Skeft'J 
, 

in La Jolla 

Bloody Mary 
Screwdriver 
or Mamosa 

with purchase of breakfast or lunch. 
Mon.-Sat. 7 am-Z pm 

Limit-Z per person. 
Patio seating avilable. 

S~4-
6737 La Jolla Blvd. 
456-6660 

r--------------------, 
: FREE EASTER GRASS : 
I 0 E BAG OF EA TER I 
I GRA, (1 3/4 OZ.) FREE I 
: with purch e of 10 or more. : 
I NOt valid w~n any otner offers. One coupon per I person . EJPlfes 4/ 30/ 92. 

~----------r---------~ i $100 OFF : $395 i 
I ANY PURCHASE OF : BALLOON BOUQUET I 
I I Ten 11" plain colored I 
I $5.00 OR MORE I balloons wilh rihhons I 
I Not valid witn any ottler offers. One I NO{ vahd w~n any attie' offers. One I 

coupen per person. EJplfes 4/30/92. coupon pe' person. EJplfes 4/30/92. __________ L ___ ~ ____ _ 

I~ ' I I 8650 Genessee Ave ~ Co fa Verde Center ~.t: I~ID -I~ m:xtto i'i,,/' 111II/NII1.< 450-9291 T R t. N D .Ind IXKJI.!,/(//' 1 

REVELLE 
COLLEGE 
STUDENTS! 
Pick up applications for Revelle 
College Council and Committee 
Appointments in the Revelle 
Dean's office. Applications are 
due in the Dean's Office by 
April 15th at 4 p.m. 

Election lor College CounclI-
April 20-22 

POlling Places: 
Revelle Plaza and 
Matthews Apartments 

The UCSD Guardian 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from pace 16 
Aanagan, who has encountered early 
lrouble in his lasl two outing . was 
touched for all five of the Cal Bap-
lisl runs in the second inning. 

Wilh the bases loaded, a Lancer 
groundball eluded second baseman 
Doran Yount. pUlling Cal Bapiisl 
on the scoreboard . Two base hilS 
cha~ed home the remaining Lancer 
runs. all unearned. 

"I could feel we were sluggish," 
Head Coach Lyle Yates said. "We 
couldn ' t gel out of the blocks early. 
but played well from the fourth in-
ning on." 

Bryan 11lomawn (4-0) look the 
mound in Ihe :-.econd inning und 
closed out the Lancer rJlly. The 
senior righlhander s ilenced Ihe Cal 
Baptislline-up for six and one-third 
innings. conceding only five scat-
tered hits and picking uplhevictory. 

SCORE 
ContInued from page 16 

"Um ... "Isaid. "Well. .. UCLA." 
"To Ihe Final Four?" Sear Guy 

queried. 
"No ... to win it all." 
For Ihe next minute. I could hear 

nOlhing but the laughler of siriking 
hockey players. Laughler direcled 
m me. 

As Ihe laughter subsided. I heard 
a new noise. It wa<; a voice. and it 
sounded angry. 

"Hey!" it yelled . "Quiet down 
over Ihere!" 

Behind the voice was a man wilh 
one eye. 

"Who the hell is thm guy?" I 
a\ked Wayne. 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus eam up 

to 100 per week . 

Please ca ll 
MD LABORATORIES 

226-1733 

Kurt Luhrsen shut the door on 
the Lancers by tossing a scoreless 
ninth inning. 

UCSD scored Ihree times in lhe 
second inning, but found itselftr.ul-
ing by two after the bon om half of 
the inning. In the fourth inning,lrail-
ing 5-3, the Triton batsmen quickly 
lumed the tables by amassing five 
runs on six hit . The big blow was 
delivered by calcher Dominic 
Dirksen. who smashed a bases-
loaded double, driving home three 
runs. 

Dirksen finished the game with 
four RBI, giving the sophomore 18 
on the year. 

Junior slugger Murcos 
Mugdaleno sparked UCSD's of-
fense, starting his firsl game since 
suffering a dislocated shoulder on 
Mar. 8. The junior designaled hiller 
nelted Ihree hits in four tries, includ-
ing a solo home run in Ihe ninth 
inning. 

;'He 's a thug oflhe highest order. 
JUS! like all his buddies. They exist 
only to spread terror wherever they 
go. They're evil.'· 

;'The mafia? Drug dealers?" 
Worse. Wayne said: They were 

San Jose Sharks. 
But before Ihe Sharks could ha-

rass us more, Ihey were yelled at by 
yel anolher table in the fine restau-
rant. 

"Leave 'em alone!" yelled one 
oflhose other men . He was missing 
all hi s fingers. 

I asked Wayne who these guys 
were. He told me they hadjust blown 
in from Winnipeg. They weremem-
bers of the Winnipeg Jels. 

"Come here. Shark-boys!" The 
one-handed Jel yelled. waving his 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

Ernie Isola chimed in with two 
hits of his own. while driving home 
two. Isola, currently hitting ata.427 
clip, increased his team-leading RBI 
total to 28. 

Lead-offhiller [}Jve Valdezcon-
tributed two of the learn's 13 hits. 
The freshman shortstop has an im-
pressive.500 average when hilling 
in Ihe lead-off spot. 

Valdez has shown considemble 
poise at the plate in his rookie M!a-
son. posting an ovemll .333 aver-
age. while striking out at a minimal 
rate of once in every 20 at-bats. 
Steve Wrenn provided the defen-
' ive highlight in Ihe fifth inning. 
when the left fielderchased a Lancer 
fly ball into foul territory before 
hauling it in with a diving grab. 

UCSD will embark on a four- • 
game road Irip this weekend. play-
ing Menlo College Ihree times and 
Division II opponent Sonoma Slate 
on Sunday. 

fist. (Of course, a guy with no fin-
gers is always making a fist.) 

Wilhin 30 seconds. the Sharks 
and the Jets were figh!ing.1 ordered 
a drink from a waitress who looked 
suspiciously like Rita Moreno. As 
she left, Wayne and the re t of the 
Kings pushed pas! me and headed 
toward the fight. 

I. grabbed Wayne 's jacket, and 
he turned to face me. 

"Hey. Wayne, what are you do-
ing? You could get hurt!" 

"It's a fight: ' he said. "Happens 
all!he time. Don't worry about it." 

I nodded. and let him go. He 
grabbed aJel. and threw him across 
a table. 

" 1 love this game!" he cried. 
At lea~1 it was betlerthan Bocce. 

L AT 
PRE COURSE 

• Live Lectures • 32 CIa .. Hours • 
• Profeaaional Educatora • Convenient Locations. 

f7c...-/:T1~ = Admiaaion Counseling • 
tQJQ)U ~ J LSAT • GMAT • MCAT • GRE 
ftTL _. I Bar Review • CPA Review 
""",re WIIIIWr. prepare. 

For Information and Registration, Call: (800) 777-EXAM 
a Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Company 

Classes Forming Now! 

• fREE PREGNANCY TE&TING 
• Pre8nancy Termination 

8eneraljlocal anesthesia 
• Affordable Birth antral 
• Confidential @ Personal 

==- °0 6 '= 
(6~.9) 5.3.5-~.31.9 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
Rules and Regulations: 

'S, I\D lilt I NUl)''''' ' ''' ~ 1/'2"' In II " \'1 n UI ,'",-tc 
\10M. "'"11 Hit. N.H.II . ',I \K IN 'Iol'10",_. 11l1~" IQ"' H . 
l""'U4." 'UU,\ lllf'; I) ,\1 UCSO,tol.,Jult"vmf'l.1N M.l Io4",jI 
10: S..-.n 1:0. Ifll . CSOGtIAMlllAN. tj~.IGut.\ N OItIVI 
fiJln. L\ JIM1 A. C ~~NJ ·O.'I6. YIA I l ' "\N AI~ ) nMUt ' II 
. ... "'" III Srt*'~ EntIC.·~ ItUX " '" GV~DLVi ftU k l , 
"K'All 0 IN lUI· SWOt fO(l 0 "'I' • • Al1tl.M 'liON III l .Y M. 

·AII CSD ~1\fIl4 "" • (tAli . AM) I M.'-1U'I "ttl. III· 
,,"IU IH t-.""I It. I \"~:I,.rI1.c;.. ' \IU"'Atc "' ","i ,.. ... JU ANI) 

I~ .. onu l . , 8J '~ CII .. ' '''' A , Pv.n.l.<\. 
·TIII ".Its.", ""11 t'Ur.'" ut' WIII' "I ""l n M'U,"' 
~";Y.1." , \"; I:» ...... ,. 'HI\ III ft lil ..... , .... , '" I'll nAMI!) 
III '''' ''NU l'ltI'J 'A'fro"". \NII .IU ftI lI.uaiHV.IJ.IM-.N III Ql""" ,..,"'" D III .... 1II'IIIINl l'lro" '1.: I,.. lUI 1*"'1111 " " , 
" 1"'''lNtI ... I • "J U "'1-' "."N , •• '*lNN II. T.IIN> 
n ... ..., 'H"I •• .:s ,..., \u ' '''1 n '" III UIt"' .... l rttVI 'III,"""" Ii! 

-<>N \ ON' • .NII' n. "I'iC1fII ".It 0lKI .. No ~A,"'" 
".)OUt.,n'Kl.UI S VrlI ... M',.,·III •• &;' ... .1Wl/'11U AI 

·T ... ti4lANO "U/I' ... .,.,.. .. WI .I. MH.11\1, A 'MH. lltNNt-M 
H.lwt);"1 BJ', O.''''ill P'rr.llll,o\, RUJriIIoI!tS·'. Will 

aI:(lJ\'~A I .... I'1UU.ltU Mk.1I1U.o.cN-l ... IIt,(* "'lOA , 
M B"~, I C,, 'Mm 1f'Il...\)f" l oA V"U ..... s.u-1Alt. A I "rot 
AUWI!'fN .. S .......... ~~'11J1';18J ') t .. o\t..II .. I I ... MOU) 

• W,"N.JtS Nt .1 0 ruse ....... 011 /1('11('.\111"" 11)«..1.\1" ,.tIJ~ . 

-

This week's questions: 
1. Who is the 1992 NCAA Divi-
sion I men's baskelball champion? 
2. Who is the 1992 NCAA Divi-
sion I women's basketball cham-
pion? 
3. How long has Ihe NHL been in 
existence? 
4. Whal is Ihe name of 
Philadelphia's MLB leam'! 
S. Who is the manageroflheCali-
fornia Angels? 
6. How many limes have Ihe Se-
attle Mariners won Ihe World Se-
ries? 
7. Whal is Ihe name of Ihe Balti-
more Orioles' new baseball sta-
dium? 
8. As of April 9. who is in first 
place in the NBA in the Pacific 
Di'l'ision? 
9. What MLB team does Bobby 
Bonilla play for? 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD golfleam? 
Last week's questions: 
1. Which NCAA leams played in 
the 1992 men' s Final Four? Duke, 
Michigan, Cincinnati; Indiana 
2. Where will the NCAA men' s 
Final Four be held? Minneapolis, 
Minnesota 
3. Who is Ihe head coach of the 
United Slates Olympic baske!ball 
team? Chuck Daly 
4. Which ac!iveNCAA Division I 
men ' s ba~keball coach has Ihe high-
eSI winning percenlage in lourna-
ment hislOry? Steve Fisher 
S. W~at is the nickname of 
Buffalo's NHL team? Sabres 
6. Who is Ihe general manager of 
Ihe San Diego Padres? Joe 
McIlvane 
7. WhatNBAteamdidKentucky's 
Rick Pitinocoach before taking over 
the Wildcals? New York Knleks 
8. Which third baseman did the 
Padres recently acquire from the 
Milwaukee Brewers? Gary 
Sherrleld 
9. What is the mascot of the Uni-
versity of Cincinnati? 8earcats 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD softball team? Melissa 
Jarrell 

This week's winner: Ken 
Linseman. Revelle. Junior, Biology 
- TOmlnce. CA. 

Runners-up: List of 14 pos!ed at 
B1's 

The UCSD Guardian 

HALFOFTlEIUl£ 
WIIJRWTIISAD 

~GETINTO 
LAWSCIIJIl. 

Here's a surpri\e test 01 your mOth skilh . our computers and study programs. plus, 
we offer the two·day LSAT Intensive Sludy 
Clinic the lost _ before the exam. 

Divide 95.000 law IChool appliconh into 
44,000 openings. Now you realize why i~s 
so impariont to toke the Rankin tSAT 
Preparotion course. 

RltleNe your place in our lSAT course 
by Mer 15 and we' ll include the $225 
dinic for free. Call Rankin todoy and ~nd firs! you'llioke 0 free diogllO$~c test. Then 

out how the better 
holf9e11 into the low 
school 01 thei r 

we'll work with you 
in smaU. penonol· 
ized closses. You'll 
hove free access to RONIIN.GEI IN~ choice. 
lSAT ·GMAT ·GRE ·MCAT· TEST PREPARA TtON AND APPltCA liON ASStST ANCE . 

THE OFFER: RESERVE By MAy 15. SAVE $225. 
San Diego 587-8600 • 

DlNNER-
ro-8 pm. 

Spirits of 
Saint Germain 

(619) 455-1414 
3251 Holiday Court • La Jolla 

(.ero •• from Et Torlto) 
Open .very day at 6:00 am 

SPORTS II 

the volunteer connection presents 

v 

a 

Noon Concert from 

sponsored by ASUCSD 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

tJ ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 25% OFF! 
tJ CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 

TIRES Reg. 27.95 NOW $19.95 
o SIDI CYCLING SHOES 

Reg. 69.95-89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 
o ALL JANND NYLON 

BACKPACKS & BAGS 

o GIRO HELMETS 

o ALL AUDLET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

2()0~ OFF! 
20% OFF! 

20% OFF! 

CLfARANCE SALE 
ON AIL REMAINING 

'91 BIKES 
At! sate items limited to stock on hand 

UCSD BOtE SHOP in the Siudeni Center 
Hours: Mon. - Fri. 10AM- 5PM 

534-4279 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Muir's Spring Fling, Friday, April 10, MUIr 
Ouad, 3 ·6 p,m, Cralls Fair, (lye·dye, 
Jewelery·maklng, m8lble palnting). FrH. 
6-8 p.m . outdoor environmental dinner, 
I2.SO wlo meal card. 8-1 I p.m. dance wi 
Perfect Stranger. FrH. (416-<4/9) 

ASIO INTERNSHIPSI Apply NOW -
summer, fal opportunities In San Diego. 
DEADLINE: Friday, ~12' . INFO NIGHT: 
Monday, 4113, Price Center Cove (next 10 
Chung King Loll), 6-7 p .m. Six 1992·1993 
directOr po&iIIons open; DEADLINE: Friday, 
4/17. PIck up applications: Price Center, 
3rd t\oo(, Room 3.303. 534-4689. (416-41 
13) 

LAWYERS IN LOVE with their car-.tell 
PHI AlPHA OEL T A f're.1aw co-ed fraternity 
how to do itl Rush PAO this Ouarter and 
enjoy weekly meetings, speakers, parties, 
valuable Information & guidance I Info night: 
Tuesday, Aprill~, GalbrailhHaJ 1 I 18. Call 

5~·4726. ~/15 Speaker: CSBA Presidentl 
(~12-4/13) 

3rd ANNUAL RAINFOREST RUNI 
Sunday, April 12, 7:30 a.m., Mission Bay 
Park, south 01 Hilton. 5K runtwalk or 1 mile 
walk. Evwy S30 .,....._ an !lCle1 In 2 
years. Ralnforesl Run hasdonated $40,000 
for rainforest preservation I Honorary Raoe 
Director : Calilorrua Stale Senalor Lucy 
Killea 272·8316/273-8168. Tropical forests 
are being destroyed al 50-1 00 acres a 
minute and are home to 60% 01 eanh's 
animal and plant speC"s. (4/6-4/9) 
Slressed out? Can't s tudy? Learn the 
Intelligence Technoque. Veteran meditation 
expert CalVin Chin Will give Iree Introductory 
lecture, Tuesday, April 14 · noon • S.FJ 
S.C. room . Sponsored by United Campus 
Ministry · 534·2521. (416-4/13) 
Feminine Irritation and itcl1ing? Joseph F. 
Kennedy, M.D. , and Harris Clinical 
Development ate testing a new cream lor 
treating vaginitis. Women with symploms 
ot vaginal disCharge. irritallon. itChing, and 
burning may be eligible to participate. Five 
olfoce visrts ate required durong the 5·week 
study period. A complete physical exam is 
provided at no Charge and study· related 
care is Iree. Those completing the study 
will be paid $ISO. For further Inlormation, 
call Pippa Taylor RN at (619) 455·7520 
between9a.m. and4 p.m. Mondaythrougll 
Friday. (319·4/16) 
DISMrtlltlon Worllshops. Complete your 
dissertation. For wrinen information or 
scheduling. call 692·0966. Postgraduate 
group. (3130-6/4) 

Bike across the USA this summer - Raise 
money tor Grassroots Developmentl Call 
Bike Aid '92, 415-431-4480. Local contact 
274·5506. You can do ill Memories will last 
toreverl (3130-4/9) 

Campus organizations - The campus 
connection located at the Revelle Sundry 
Storehascustomsilkscreenlng,ernbroidefy 
and specialty items. (4/9-4113) 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word incremellfs. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
studellIs '(for personal use only), $3 for faculty and slaff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursddy for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m, MondayforThursday's issue. The Guardian reserves tire 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited 10 companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La JoJ/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

MEET JERRY BROWN I Friday, April 10, 7 
p. m. on the Slept by the bay 01 the County 
Administration Bldg. on Pacific Coast 
Highway, San DIego. (4/9) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Lost: Black prescription sunglasses on 
upper campus In black case. Rewatd. Call 
Jeff at 452·7629. (~19-4116) 

SERVICES 
Parvaneh's Skin Care - Facials, waxing, 
lash tints, permanent eyeliner . 10% OFF 
wllh ad. Ar1ificial and Natural nails, 
manicure and pedicures by Ashley. 10% 
OFF with ad. Natural nails & pedicures by 
Rebecca . 10% OFF with ad, Call lor 
appointment. TangtesSalon, Renaissance 
Centre. 552· 1174. (3120·514) 

DONT PAY tor someone else to do what 
you can learnl Compuler Instruction. MacI 
IBM at your home or business. Learn 
desktop publishing, word processing, 
spreadsheets. S351hr. A.J. 452·3142 (4 /6· 
4/9) 

BIO TECHIHIGH TECH ate the carer.; 01 
the Mute in San Diego. Varied degrees 
needed. Utilize my 10 years experience and 
contadS to locus yDlM' r9SOO1e to the right 
person in the right company. GET THAT 
INTERVIEW. Call 634-0978. (3130-4/9) 

VlOlINlVtOLA LESSONS. You or your 
Child(ren) can leatn from an experienced, 
professional teacher . Now accepting 
students - all ages and levels weIoorne. 
Call Conrad : 552·0494. (3130·6/4) 

Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
h8lrsperhour. 3256 Holiday Court. Student 
discounts. 558·46441226· 1962. (3130·6/4) 

PASSPORTPICTURESINewatCalCopy, 
Only $5.95. While you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Neat SI. Germain's. ~52·9949. (91 
23·6/4) 

Word ProcesslnglTyplng : AcademiC 
manuscripts, papers, theses, letters , 
resumes. Accurat.-Fast service. Mary Am 
452·9439. (3/30-4/30) 

Typing service , term papers, etc. Editing 
available. Oulckturnatound, Iowrales. 287· 
4456. (~/9-4/27) 

Need help putting togIIther a professional 
looking resume? Student,..,me.ervlce 
is a student run organization thai can cre81e 
a resume lor you based on the format 
recommended by Fortune 500 recruiters 
lor only $10. Overnight service available. 
Call Peter. 453·8258. (416-4/9) 

FINANCING A HIGHER EDUCATION. Call 
1·800·944·0066 x9872 for free info· pac. 
No obligation. (3130-4123) 

COUPUTERRENTALSPECIAlICompiete 
IBM compatible computer system with 
30MB Hatd Drive and software. Free setup 
and delivery. 5SO per month. Davidson 
Communications - 465·9004. (412-4123) 

FOR SALE 
Stumpjumper • new XCL TO pedals, chain. 
AT-4 Pro handlebar. cateye computer, 
super cleant 5575 abo 566·0893. (416-4/9) 

Surfboard. 6',- Bessel. Good condition 
$120. Skateboard • Lanoe Mtn. $30 obo. 
Ca" 481-4503. (416-<4/9) 

GUITAR FOR SALE. Acoustic, sleet string, 
great condition. 558·3626. (~16-419) 

Honda EI~e Sooocer '87. UCSO permit, 
helmet, gtoves, selety vest inclUded. $600 
abo 453-4923. Tina (416-4113) 
6'6" MB surfboard, $40 , 6'5" Van Zanten 
surfboard $100 , Cannondale Racing bike 
$325. Rob 481 ·5122. (416-4/9) 

Oekley UoIambo SUngl8Sl8S, blue, good 
oondItIon, retail $125, asIcing $75 080, 
Mitchell ~58-o176. Cd f8l1. (4I2-M1) 
SURFBOARDS FOR SALE sizes range 
trom 6 '1· to 6'S". Good condI1Ions, Cheap 
prices. WBlllrlwanning up. You're 0UI1herlI1 
552·0920. Give a message. (~19-4"6) 

SkIers I K2 competition SkIs, 195s with 
Marker graphite bindings. Used .only 1 
season, excetlent cond1ion. Paid $700, 
only $300. Solomon SX62 boots, size 12, 
$50. Call Todd, 272-M)92. (4/9) 

Motorcycle helmets. Variety of sizes, styles 
and ooIors. Cheap. Call Jeff at 457·3425. 
(419-4/13) 
MotOfcyCIe, '87 Honda XL600R, Enduro, 
perfec:t for on or off road. Super trapp 
exhauS1 system. great condition. Asking 
51700 or best. Call Thomas at 55B·8867. 
(419-4/13) 
Airline tixs. SO to Oakland 4116-4/1 9. $981 
obo. Call Denise 792·2392. (4/9-4116) 
Brand new H.O. Wetsuit. Used 3 times. 

. Exoellent condition. Size: medium long. 
Brian 587·2811 . (~/9-4113) 

Surfboard - Bessel 6'1', tMin . Good 
condition. $60. Call Steve and leave 
message 755·1491 . (4/9) 

Wetsuit - Hotline, fits 5'9'-6'2-. Exoelent 
condo 6 monthsokl. $100. Call Steve, leave 
message 755·1491. (~/9) 

BURMESE PYTHON - tame. heaIIhy, 
lamale (3 ft.). Needs a reeponsible owner. 
$t75. Cal Karen or Greg. 488-1940. (W-
4/13) 

U2 - 4/1 5. 2 loge seats straight in front of 
stage. $1SOealobo. Soon 259·8376. (W-
~/13) 

Futon and frame $tOO. Full size matress 'MMW6 Soli Reserves Volume I & II for 
set $65. Bunk bed oomplete. $159. Can Spring '92 for sale. Only $40. Call 558-
deliver. 222·4nl (4/6-4130) 1553. (4/9-4113) 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

WANTED 
Roommate for Spring Quarter wanted. 
Sl'tare bedroom with neat & considerate 
roommate. PoeaibiMy of havong a Singie. 
$25O/mo. (Price negotiable). SoI.-Beach. 
2 min. walk to beach. Contact Randy : 792· 
0081. (3I3O-<U27) 

Nude model for drIwing class, Tuesdays 
3-5, trade for Crah Cent., class or $5.Ihr. 
534·1 .... Paul (4J6-419) 

BASS ptA YER NEEDED with variety 01 
ml.U:8l laSt. and willingness to wor1I with 
me on originals: Lee, 450-9927. (3130-41 
13) 

DRUMMER sought, es1abIished seven· 
piece bind, gigs, originaIl, horns , etc. 
Michael ~97 ·0362. (4/2-419) 

Tutor tow-inc::ame c:hiIdr.,-. in their homes 2· 
41n/wwk. Cal the Volunteer Connection. 
534·1414. (4/9-4113) 

WANTED I 00 PEOPlE. We will pay you to 
Ioee 10·29 Ibs. in 30 days. 1·800-377· 
~. (419-4/13) 

Wanted: backpack with inlernal frame for 
carry·on lor airlines and emoral!' Call 
Jeannie 298·5492. (4/9) 

FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM . 
Fraternities, sororities, student cI\j)$. Earn 
up to 51000 in one week. Plus reoeive a 
$1 000 bonus yoursetf. And a FREE WATCH 
just for calling 1·8O(}932·0528 ext 65. (~I 
9-4113) 

HOUSING 
Housemate desperately needed. Close to 
campus, washerldryer onfy. $3OOImo + 11 
2 utitities. Call 453·5235. (3130-419) 

3 bedroom 2 112 bath clean bright condo 
abailable summer sublet. Great location, 
affordable. Angela 452·6465. (416-4/9) 

Single bedroom only 330 and 1/4 utilities 
oondoneatUCSD.Ouietcourteouslemale. 
Susie 452·6465 (4/6-4/9) 

Pac~1c Beach dose shopping, beach, bay. 
Own room, laundry ,garage, backyard. $333 
+ 1/4 utilities. 274·1925. (416-4/9) 

large 2 story, 2 BR, 1 112 SA townhouse. 
Clairemont. $665 ~ utilities. 279-7566 (leave 
message). (4/6-4/13) 
Own bedroornIbaIhro suite in furnished 
new oondo. Wu.rldryer, pool, jacuzzi, 
sauna, weight room, fireplace. Available 61 
I . $35OImo. + 112 utilities. Cail Alison 549· 
7131 alter 6 p .m . (416-419) 

Room lor rent in 3BR house In Clairemont 
Mesa. Washer/dryer, garage, backyard. 
$315 + 113 utilities, move in ASAP. 558· 
8036. Paid until May. (416 .... "6) 

Room for rent In 2 bdrm house, $35OImo, 
on Coast, Del Mar, 793-0761 . (416-<4/13) 

Mira Mesa 
SELF STORAGE 

1992UCSD 
UNDERWATER ARTS ALII FESTIVAL 

7044 Flanders Drive 

THIRD MONTH 

FREE 
wi1h student 1.0. 

Call about 
FREE TRUCK (U==LJ 

,/ ALL GROUND FLOOR UNITS 
t/ NO SECURITY DEPOSITS 

t/N~,CLEAN,SECURE 
t/ HILTON QUAUTY AT MOTEL 6" PRICES 
t/ CALL FOR GUARANTEED RESERVATION WITH 

CREDIT CARD 

453-0511 

Reaearth Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FBEB re.arch studiea evaluet· 
inc medications are available to 
people 18 or olcler lufferinc from 
depraaion. SymptGma includeud· 
ne .. , fatipe, 1018 of iDternt iD 
daily activitiea, chan,ea iD alet!p 
and weicht, hopelealne .. , and 
indea.ion. Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free medication,lab 
teall, physicala aDd psychiatric 
evaluations. Small travel pay-
ment offered. Call for a confi· 
dential evaluation. 

[)(f'd == 554-0100 

"PasSport to the Sea" 
Pre!!1ItI1t.1Id at: UCSD Price Cent. 

......... r.llm SIturdIy, AprI11 
3:30 16:00 18:30 p,m. 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 

large private room , private bath, balcony, 
ocean view, laundry, tullyequippedkilchen, 
1112 miles to UCSD. I 00 yards trom ocean. 
$475+ 1/6 utllhies. Non·smoker. 454·0622, 
It's the perlect room. (3130-419) 

Female roommate. UCSDIUTC. Furnished, 
pool, tennis, sauna, spa. $2501mth. Call 
457·4279 Joannllizzie. (4/9-4113) 

ROOM 4 RENT - In spacious La Jolla 
condo 3 minutes Irom campus. Move In 
May 1st. Call for details 587·2549. Ask lor 
Samantha. (419-411 6) 

Huge master bedroom tor one or two 
roommates In spaCIous La Jolla condo. 
Close to campus Call tor details. 587· 
2549. Samantha. (4/9·4/16) 

EMPLOYMENT 
I Can1 Believe It's Yogurtl La Jolla seeks 
part·llme help. Please call Monte, 459· 
6397. (416·4116) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 

UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry's ...... .. ........ 587 ·3680 
BJ's Pizza .. .... .. ............ 455·0662 
Domino 's .... ..... ......... .. .. 452·UCSD 
Heidi's ......................... .4SO·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai Cuisine ...... .456·2063 
Stratford Coffee House 481 ·8590 

UCSD AUTO 
Overseas Auto .. ........ ... 695·1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ...... .. ................... 4SO·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558·8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457·3384 
Years Ahead ...... .......... 546·7666 
We Care Hair .... ..... ...... 587 ·cun 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455·0909 
Pinwheels ........ ... .......... 558·1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 
Royalty Nails ................ 483·6188 

UCSD HEALTH" FITNESS 
Alhlete Cyclery ............. 277·8255 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 
UC Cyclery ...... .. ........... 452·8842 
Dr, McDonald, Opt. ... ... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel, D.C . . 558·3600 
Dr. Richatd Barsan, DDS. 459·5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Baskel ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .... .... .. .... 452-()63() 

UCSD ETC. 
Audiofile ....................... 459·FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 2n-6744 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1733 
Paper Trends .... .... ....... 450·929 I 
Ronkin Educational .. .... 587-8600 
Video Gallery ........... .... 452· 1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
51. Germain's ........ ....... 455·1414 

PAATTIME OR FULL TIME, $1000·$30001 
month. We tra in you. Fun & exciting 
atmosphere. Help us help the planet's 
environment. Call lor appointment. 587· 
0985. (412-4 /13) 
Hoonemailers wanted. Earn 5500+ a week. 
For details send a SASE to FUTURE 
ENTERPRISES, P.O . BOX 15349, San 
Diego, CA 92175. (31t 2·4120) 

EXCEPTIONAL SUMMER OPPOR· 
TUNITY - Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrsl 
NYC) counselOr/specialist positions - all 
landlWater sports, camping , com pUlers, 
A&C. radiO. Wrote us at 55 Channel Drove, 
Port WaShington . NY t 10SO or call 516· 
883·3067. (2127·4130) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I M any 
positions Great benetits Call (805) 682 
7555. Ext. P·3387. (412·4127) 
An Infllorex brokerage needs PTIFT sales 
Hoghoommlssoon & salary Slhngual preterred 
Call Terry Tsang 268 8788. (3130·419) 

The UCSD Guardian 

Athletic types. Aggressive , competitive 
individuals needed to help run new company. 
Pan·time and full ·time positions available. 
Positive attTIUde and neat appearance a must. 
(619)483-1340. (3130-4/9) 

CRUlSESHPStONttRNa-E.-nS2.OOOtI 
I1'lOrth + world trawl (Hawrui, MexICO. the 
carmean, etc.) . Holiday. summer and career 
employment available. No experience 
necessa-y For empJoyment program callI · 
206-545-4155 ext C450. (3130-614) 

SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN·SHIP 
Interviews now taking place. Gaon valuab le 
experoence managing all aspects ot a 
successtul busoness. Average gross protlt 
$ t 1.287 Last chance tor Interviews Trople 
'A ' Sludent Painters lor Informallon. 1·800· 
394·6000. (3130·419) 

FREE TRAVEL - Aor c ouroers and 
Cruiseships. Students also needed 
Christmas . Spring and Summer for 
Amusement Park employment Call (805) 
682·7555 Ext. F·3 147 (412·4127) 

CLERK POSITION. COlLEGE SENIOR? 
GRADUATE? THINKING ABOUT GOING 
TO LAW SCHOOl? Stephenson & Prairie, 
one 01 San Diegos premier real estate law 
firms, is looking lor a loIe clerk. Excellent 
opportunity to get an IrlSIde look at the law 
profession before taking lhe big plunge. 30· 
40 hours per week. $7 pet hour. Please send 
resume to Brian Frasch, Esq., Stephenson & 
Prrune , 1010 Second Avenue. Sune 1350, 
San Diego. California 92101 . (4/9) 

PERSONALS 
K you're Interested in traveling through Europe 
IhSsummerwtth me, call 458-0908 (Jenny). (4/ 
6-419) 

Technology pnncess Our true colors are 
recorded whlte-grey-brown-green·red blue 
yellow. ustel1. (4/9) 

Thank you! Mike F., Jenny H ,M.ke M , Jan R , 
AIny S , Bnan S , Greg S .. Sheryf Z. You're all 
awesomel - Kim. (419) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

International House is a greal cross-cultural 
living opportunity I Applications lor 1992193 
available at Pepper canyon & Inlematianal 
CIf (Jr .. $( .. Grd.). Due Apr. 21 . (3130·4120) 

EnvirOlYnent: Would you fiketo omprove yours? 
Heat how God's love heals crime. haired. 
sickness. Usten Sun .. 7 a.m. to KFMB760AM 
radio. Chr. So. Brodesls ' 234·1685. (412·419) 

To the ildovodual that stole my watch trom my 
room Saturday evening, April 4th, please return 
rt. Has sentmental value - I am hurt. Send to. 
ses, 7112 La JoIa Blvd. La Jolla, CA 92037 
454·7161 . Forgove and Iorget. (419) 

Campus organizations - The campus 
CXlIY19CtJon lOcated at the Revelle Sundry Store 
has custom SIlk screening, embrOIdery, and 
specialty rtems. (4'9-4113) 

Get psyched AIJX1a CIl lor a killer weekend at 
ISVT. Good luck v-ball teamsl (419) 

AX!l WIShes everyone the best of luck on the 
upron1lng Quarter. (419) 

PI BETA PI Sponsors ••• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

APPAREL 
DESIGNER 
Z 0 N E 

• 

• 

Thurs. April 9th 
8 a.m.-1 p.m. 

Macy,'s 
Victoria'S Secret 

Gen 

B. U. M. Eq:' 

UCSD 
PRICE CENTER 

BALLROOM B 

FREE ADMISSION 



14 SPORTS 

Bean Futons 
Bags 4 

$1795:, Less 
I WHO!ISAIf H;gh·,nd 

PRICES futons at 
~UFAcruRER low, low 
(<-~DlR~ prices l -wUHU , , ayAILUU ,~ Futons For Less 

,I . Tbtae.aS.SMu 
8266 Miramar Rd. 

518-5745 

rNAIL SPECIALS· 
I 
: ACRYLIC $18.99 
I NAI LS Reg, $35 
: Tip Overlay Reg , $45 $24.95 
I ~--------~ Fills $12 Reg , $15· New Clients only 
I Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29,99 Reg . $45 I 
I Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 I 

Waxing Starting at $3 
I Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 I 
: "1t«d4. 4- ~ MEN AND WOMEN : 
I 8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, Stes. 103 & 104 I 
I next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 
L Nol v .. .ct WIth any other 011l1l"i Ellper8$ . 123192 .J 
--------------------

There 
AN 10 R:g. 
to Crave--...-
atBenfl 
atrl7's® 
Vermont's Finest 
fee Cream @ Frozen Yogurt ... 

4150 Regents Park Row 
near Anthony's· 587·3680 

AMERICAN CONCERT 
Conductors 

Thomas Nee. orchestra - David Chase, chorus 
gueS( artist Cecil Lytle 

Gershwin - Rhapsody in Blue 
Cecil Lytle, pIanist 

Copland - Fanfare for the Common Man 
Porter - Music for Strings 

Ives - Circus Band 
Carter - Musicians Wrestle Everywhere 

Stevens - Songs from the Paiute 
Ives - Psalms 90 

Spirituals 
Ken Anderson, guest conductor 

SAT., APRIL 11 - 8:00 PM 
SUN., APRIL 12 - 3:00 PM 

UCSD Mandeville Auditorium 
Tickets : $5 - $10 

La Jolla Symphony Office 
Ticketmaster & at the door. 

Telephone: 534-4637 

The UCSD GlW"Wan Thursday, April 9, 1992 

Arizona Too Hot To Handle For UCSD 
• Men's tennis lose 5-4 
to Trinity and 6-3 to 
Gu tavu Adolphu 
By Blair Ridley 
ScaffWmer 

Afteran impre. sive win against 
William~ College la~t week. the 
UCSD men\ tenni~ tcam traveled 
to Phoenix, Arizona overthe week-
end to match up against two teams 
in the Division III top 10. 

On Saturday afternoon, the Tri -
tons took on eighth-ranked Trinity 
Univer..ity. UCSOplayedelttremely 
well , but was defeated by a match 
:,core of 5-4. 

Notable perfonnance for the 

M. V-BALL 
Continued from page 16 
atlemptswithonlyoneerror. Bruce 
Williams had 17 kills in I attempts. 
but committed si)( errors. Kerr and 
Gold~t cin each had II digs for the 
night. 

TaylorSmi th,a freshm;U1. tarted 
for the Tritons at the ~ller position 
and put up 63 sets for the evening. 

ll1e Aztec were missing two 
middle bloekers due to injury, a 
factor which might have worked in 
UCSD's favor. ifnot forthe loss of 
Brown and Couture. 

Still. Wilde said he feels that 
SOSU i a talented team. He said he 
was proud of the fact that the Tritons 
stayed in the match and fought hard 
when they could have folded. Wilde 
felt UCSO' s strong play was attrib-
uted to the team's fresh outlook and 
desire to play. 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from pa&e 15 
with your pitches." 

UCS O's offense gave Mounger 
more suppon than she would ever 
need, The Tritons opened the game 
up in a hurry. scoring three runs in 
the first as Mazanet, Zuniga and 
Rubin scored, The Triton waited 
until the founh inning to score some 
more. but it WHS worth the wait. 

Helped by three La Verne errors, 
UCSD brought in five runs in the 
fourth as all nine players got to the 
plate. Theresa Swick la, Franke, 
Mazanet. Gil and Rubin all touched 

\ , 

is available 
for ~ 

non-alcoholic 
parties and 
meetings. 
~ 
~ 

Tritons included those by Chad 
Mor..e and John Cross. the number 
one and two ' ingles players. Morse 
lost his match in three hard-fought 
~ts to Gentry Poff. who has lost 
only once this seawn. Crosl> was on 
the winning end of hL match a'i he 
took the third and deciding M!t 7-6. 

On Sunday, the Tritons faced 
Gustavu Adolphu College, ranked 
fourth in Division m. The Golden 
Gu tie proved to bea tougher match 
than Trinity, as UCSO fell 6-3. 

Cross went2-00ver the weekend 
in singles as he defeated Gordon 
Reed in straight sets, 6-3, 6-1. 

Despite the weekend trip's re-
sulting in two 10 ses. UCSD Head 

Brent Couture 

UCSO's next game will be on 
Friday against La Verne at 7 p.m. as 
pan of the Triton Gassic, which the 
Tritonsarehosting. TheClassic will 
kick off with a game between UC 
Santa Cruz and the University of 
Arizona at 5 p.m. 

Arizona was the top-seeded team 
at the Santa Barbara Invitational in 
the club division and is expected to 

home in the inning. 
The next inning was more of the 

same. Again five runs crossed the 
plate, with Gil picking up two RBI 
on a double and Zuniga picking up 
adouble of her own, then scoring on 
Vaplon 's single. 

By the time the afternoon had 
ended. UCSD had outscored La 
Verne 19- I, outhil the Leopards 
18-6. and had committed one error 
to La Verne's 10. Zuniga and Gil 
shined offensively for the Tritons, 
each picking up four RBI. 1ltey 
each scored three times also, along 
with Franke and Mazanet. 

After her team's struggles the 

Coach Tim Ditzler wru. very pleaM!d 
with the way his squad played. "I 
thought we played prell) ~olid :III 
the way down. I'm real happy with 
our play and [ feel we're bad. on 
track," 

The Tritonl>' ne)(t two matche~ 
are quite possibly the most impor-
tant of the year. They will play ho~t 
to tenth-ranked Pomona-PitzerCol-
lege on Friday, and third-ranked 
Claremont College on Sunday. 

1llese two matches will decide if 
the Triton are eligible to play in the 
Nationals in Atlanta. Georgia in 
May. 

The matches will be at 3 p.m. on 
Friday and I p,m. on Sunday. 

Dan McDoweWGua'd'an 
Nate Brown 

be the top seed here as well. 
Wilde is not willing to make any 

predictions for the Tritons' first· 
round game against La Veme. even 
though UCSO has beaten the leop-
ards twice already this season. 

The losers of the two games will 
play at 5 p.m. on Saturday and the 
winners will play at 7 p.m. for the 
championship. 

past few weeks. UCSO Head 
Coach Melissa Jarrell felt the team 
hit its stride. " I knew we were 
capable of beating them, and we 
played like we're capable of. We 
were waiting to just break open. 
We win when we play errorless 
ball, and today we played very 
well defensively to go along with 
ourpitching. [Moreno) played well 
and [Mounger) really kept them 
off-stride with her off-speed 
pitches," the coach aid. 

Mounger was optimistic also. 
" If we play the way we played 
today, the rest of the teams are 
heatable," she said, 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses E)(tendcd Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
l.-,.ojEEilISi......;;.;;;.r:::-_~ Daily gas penn. hard Brown eyes to blue 
·'nclude : CL exam, care kit, myopic lenses, 30 

Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, 
Parapenn. Boston. 

IOff .. up/"" j/4191) 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Me a Blvd. 

• S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llty Ey.c.r. 
• R •••••• blo Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-&858 

~938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10·5 

Thursday, April 9, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Lisa Gil pounds out a hit in yesterday'S doubleheader win over La Verne. Gil had four RBI on the afternoon. 

SOFTBALL 
Continued from page 16 
UCSO with a lead-()ff single. and 
pinch runner April Williams took 
over on first base, Two consecutive 
Leopard errors loaded the bases wi th 
Williams on third. Booth on second 
and Faith Fmnke on first. 

Melissa Mazanet then got on first 
on a fielder's choice play. with Wil-
liams being tagged out trying to 
cross home. That left the bases 
loaded for Gil. who stepped up and 
hit a single that stretched into two 
bases when La Verne tried to throw 
Fr.mke out at the plate. With the 
score 2-0 and Mazanet on third and 
Gil on second , Teri Zuniga came 
through in a big way for the Tritons. 

The third baseman rocketed a 
triple to the centerfield wall. scoring 
MazanetandGil.Zunigawouldthen 
come home on the ne)(t at-bat when 
clean-uphinerEm ily Rubin sliced a 

GOLF 
Continued from page 16 

In the first round. the Tritons' top 
five golfers shot a combined 306. In 
the second. UCSO '!> top five went 
to the clubhouse with a 318. 

Dale Abraham led the pack., as 
he was the medal bt for the Tritons 
with a 76 and 77, 

"He was fairly pleased. He 
mis~ed a few putts he should have 
made." Wydra said of Abraham's 
play. 

Matt Stottem followed Abraham 
with acombined 155.77 forthe first 
eighteen and 78 in the second round. 

single. The five runs were all that 
the Tritons would get. but they were 
more than enough, 

As the game ended, it was La 
Veme 'sown defense which hadhurt 
them as much as the UCSD offense. 
The Leopards committed five er-
rors , all of them seemingly at the 
worst time possible. The Tritons 
rocked Leopard starter Hill for seven 
hits in addition to the damage in-
flicted by her own team. 

1lle second game figured to be 
more interesting, or at least higher 
scoring, La Verne 11:IS only one real 
pitcher on its roster. so Hill W<.lS 
hurling again, The UCSD staner 
was Lacie Mounger. a sophomore 
who has shown lot. of potential but 
has been struggling recently. 

As it turned out. it was a higher 
scoring game. but that was the Tri -
ton offense's fault . not Mounger·s. 
The UCSD pitch.:r was dominating 
through the fi rst four inning~. not 

Jeremy Moe took third for UCS D 
with a 75 and 82. Tom Brown wa:--
three strokes behind Moe with a 78. 
and also scored an 82 in the second 
round. Brock Shafer rounded out 
the tOP five for the Tritons with a 
combined score of 1 7~ (93 and 81 ). 

On the day. the Tritons placed 
better than five Division I teams. 
Among those squads was 011 State 

ol1hridge. which UCSO beat for 
the fourth time th is year. 

UCSD also came out with lower 
scores than four Division II teams. 
including Stanis lau~ State, which 
the Tritons had never beaten before 
Monday. 

TI Calculators work harder. 
To help work smarter. 

Introducing the TI ... 81 

""TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

A powerful, yet easy-to-use graphics calculator. 

l,'llllQ,':J UCSD BOOKSTORE 
;:;-:':~6 ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534· 4320 

OPEN : MaN - FRI SAM· 6PM AND SAT lOAM - 5PM 

allowing a single ba.~erunner. 
Moungerwa.o; finally touched for 

a double in the fifth inning by Kori 
Moran. The ne xt batter. Hill. hit a 
ball to shortstop Franke. Fmnke went 
for the tag on Moran but missed and 
the Leopard, had runners at the cor-
ners with nobody out. Mounger 
didn ' t lose her cool. though. She got 
the next two batlers to hit shallow 
Oy balls and then ended the inning 
bythrowingLaVerne 's BeckyClark 
out at first to retire the side without 
any damage. 

Mounger finished the day limit-
ing the Leopards to ju~t three hits 
and handing out no walks. 

"The defense was a key - they 
did :1 really good job today," said 
Mounger of the Triton defense that 
had no errors that second game. 
"We al so had a lot of runs and that 
relaxes you a lot. You tend to throw 
a lillie bit harder and play around 

See SOFTBALL, Page 14 

The victory over Stunislaus wm, 
r~Vt:nge ror the Triton~. In 11)85. 
II)g6and 1987. UCSD finished ,ec-
ond to the Warrior", in the national 
champion,hip, 

The Tritons also beat two o ther 
r~~pected Divbion II teams, Cal 
State Domin4uez HilbundC<.Il State 
San Bernardino. UCSD beat the 
Toros for the fifth lime this year. 
They beat the Coyote~ by ~8 s tokes, 

UCSO had an even larger mar-
gin of victory over Division II I 
Claremont - 43 strokc~. 

Wydr.1 expects thm by April IS. 
UCSO will be ranked rounh in the 
nation. 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 Cuvier St. 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

Church School 9 •. m. 
Worship 101.m. 

-Feel tbe Spirit· RadIo 
Broadcast KPRZ (1210 All) 

eTery SUDday. 11:30-12 Noon 

Dr_ K.T. Calloway, Putor 

-A Church For People 
On the Grow' 

SPORTS 15 

INCLUDES; 
• Front and Rear Derailleur Adjustment 
• Front and Rear Brake Adjustment 
• True Front -and Rear Wheels 
• Check,and Adju,st AlfB~ring ,Sur!ac~ . 
.. lube Chain and Inflate Tires'to Proper Pressure-

" E.lp..41l0/li2 

UNIVERSITY CITY CYCLERY 
, 3~46 Governor Drive· San Diego, CA 92122-

452·8842 

---fr::,~n. UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I) F~~~d~~~~~Y* 
~"(P 4 "139'1 

Not VAlid With 
anI other orrr,. 

• S20 minimum purchase · wilhin 5 mile radiU S: Or(8mpUi 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph' 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week, Open daily om·8 pill 

The "Sun" is always shin ing at 4 
3251 Holiday Ct. • r~. ~ ~!:rUCSD) Trim & Tan call455.0$q,~ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

- First lmlC cl lt.!nrs on ly with tillS coupon 

~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call lor details' 2nd 30 tan days $39,99 

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a tremporary water lOSS' Reduce celluli te and streich marks 

to these sponsors, yesterday'S 

Health & Fintess Fair 
was a great sllccess. 

YE S 
A HEAD 

NJ'Klm 
.1111 (~E 

HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg, $25) 
Men $14 (reg. $/9) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$50 Perm & Hajrcllt or Highlig hr & Haircut 
8950 Villa La Jolla Dr. , Ste. 2120 
FOR APPOINTME T PLEA SE CALL 

Rogaine 



16 SPORTS 

KEB1NG 
SCORE 

Ues About Hockey 
And Restaurants 
T ill: ITALIAN!> \ L'RI- STARTI 0 to get n my nerve~, bUl I I: uliJn't run from thcm. I 
wa\ trapped on their pathetic 
excu~c for a boat. 

"After the race, \ III ,ou J lin u~ 
for Bocce'?" the captain a\\...ed. 

B 'ce Ball. What wa ... it about 
the~e guy~? This wa\ ,m Diego, 
the ultimate in naval cltie ... - the 

be~t place 111 the world to hear the 
phra ... e "I ky, ... ailor, new in 
town?" And the~e guy~ were 
rolling a wooden ball al 11& 
manicured), f, r excitement. 

''I'll think about it,"1 told him. 
They lost the race, of cour!>e, 

but were still ill high ~pirit), a~ wc 
walked up the gangplank and onto 
~h re . 

.. o. my friend." another Italian 
~ai lor a~ked me. "Will it be the 
Boccc tonight?" 

I opened my III uth, but before 
I c uld an~wt:r. ~ Illeom! tapped 
mc on the ~houlder. 

"Me~~a~e for y u," the ll1an 
\aid. " It·~ from Wayne." 

W ;\ YNI ·. INC! 1111 IlL ... tri\"'e wa\ on. he had lOb 
of tllllC to \"'ill. 

"I Ju~ t got off the boat:' I told 
Wa) n ' when I called him. 
"Wllat\ up. 0 Great One'?" 

"A bunch of u~ are d WI1 here 
for thc IHL playoff~:' he 'iaid. 
" urI.' , it\ min r league hoc\...ey, 
but it'~ hocke ." 

The playoff), wt:ren't for 
another day. In the meantime. 
Wayne told me, all the players 
were congregating at a local 
restaurant. There was a ~trike 011 . 
They had nothing better to do. 

So there I W,L-i, si tting at a table 
with Wayne and a few other 
Kings. We ordered our food. and 
began to chat. 

"What are you guys doing with 
all your spare time?" 

''I've been watching lots of 
TV," a guy with a large scar on 
his forehead told me. "Soap 
operas. you know?" 

"Two words for you," another 
King said cryptically. His nose 
was b<.!n t in four places. 

"Oh. no:' Wayne said, turning 
to me. "He keeps doing this." 

" oap peras:' the Scar Guy 
'iaid. 

.. 0:' Cryptic Bent-Nose said. 
"'I/door soccer!" 

O UR FOOD CA IE before I could ask him if he liked 
the Detroit Drive or the Sacra-
mento Surge better. (Or was I 
getting the World League of 
American Football mixed up with 
the indoor occer 1C<lgue'?) 

"So, what did you think of the 
NCAA championships?" Wayne 
a ked me. 

"Pretty cool. I picked Michi-
gan, you know." 

"Sure you did," Scar Guy . aid. 
"I did!" 
"And who el e?" a ked 

Cryptic Bent-Nose. 
See SCORE, Page 10 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, April 9, 1992 

Softball Skins the Leopards 
• The Tritons goe on 
offensive rampage as they 
humble La Verne 5-1, 14-0 
By Gregg Wrenn 
ASSOCIate Sports EdItor 

It might not beona roll quiteyet, but 
the COs ftball team got a big pu~h 
yesterday after mauling UI Veme in a 
doubleheader. taking the fiN game 
5-1 and then bla. ... ting the 'Iaggering 
Leopard,> I +.0 in the ~econd. 

After ~truggling the pa~t few wceh 
with incon..,i~lt:nt play. the Triton!> fi-
nally ~tayed on track for two games in 
a row. playing to their potential with-
out a letup for the first time in a while. 

The fiN game found UCSD':, 
Dianna Moreno on the mound taking 
on La Verne'.., Tricia Hill. who w<c 
tossing for the Leopards. 

Third baseman Teri Zuniga guns down a La Verne runner. 

Moreno. who has been bothered by 
a sore wrist lately. opened the game 
with a walk to Mary John. on, The 
Triton defense, unsteady for much of 
the . eason. was rock solid against La 
Veme, though, a-i the next batler. Jen-

Triton Volleyball Can't 
Topple Aztec Dynasty 
• U so 10 e Brent Couture and Nate Brown due to 
a ad mi ineligiblity; dr p_ match to SDSU in four games 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff W"ter 

The Triton mcn \ olleyballtculll had 
~everal opPOl1unitie~ but couldn't capi-
talilc a\ it fcll to cro~~-town rival San 
Diego tatc in four gallle~ Tuc,da night. 

C D grabbed thc liN t,!ame 15- 12 be-
fore th Altec~ roared bac\... to win three. 
15-9, IS-7. IS-13, and ta\...c thc mat h. 

D Hcad oach Rod Wilde and 
his staff had to rework the line-up due to 
the los~ofBrent outureandNate Brown. 
Brown and Couturc are academically 
ineligi ble. 

As if the Tritons didn't have enough 
problems, outside hitter Paul Warren 
spmined his ankle in practice, Wilde ro-
tated Warren to a back row passing posi-
tion in order to limit his activity. Warren 
was :,omewhat effective as he had eight 
digs for the evening. 

BUI the Aztecs rallied ~ r four points to 
cio!o.e the Triton~' lead to one at 12-11. 
U D went on to finish the game IS- 12 
in ih favor. 

The Triton~ 'icored the liN points of 
game two. but quic\"'1 lost the lead. SD 
tried to battle back, and in fact tied the 
'icore several times before succumbing to 
o .~ power, IS-9. 

The Aztecs maintained a lead through-
out game three. The Tritons closed the 
gap to S-4. but SDSU managed to side-out 
and go on to win, IS-7. 

After a shon tie at 3-3, UCSO j umped 
out to a 12-6 lead in game four. The 
Aztecs weren't to be denied, however. 
SOSU shut down the Tritons' attack as 
theAztec firedoffninepointstoUCSO's 
one to take the IS- 13 win. 

Wilde felt the Tritons' play was steady 
throughout the match. "The team didn't 
give up a lot of points in uccession. 
They're starting to mature a~ a team," he 
said. 

nifer Rudy. ripped a drive above sec-
ond ba<;eman Lisa Gil. Gil wa.; able 10 
spear the ball however,leaping for the 
catch. and coming down to find John-

~on already on her way to second. Gil 
~imply tossed the ball 10 fiN ba-ieman 
Allis n Boolh. and UCSO had the 
double play. 

That wa:. the first of two d uble 
play for the Tritons. whoabocommit-
ted only one err r in Ihe fin .. t game. 

Gil'. first inning wa~n't fini~hed. 
however. a ... numb<.!rthree hinerChelcee 

lifton. ppcda fly ball that Gilcaught 
for the third ut. 

Moreno was panl re~ponsible for 
the solid etlon, as the senior allowed 
only three hits, none of them before the 
fifth inning. 11le one 11In the Leopards 
did score was unearned. 

Offensively. the TI;tons picked up 
two hits in the second. but adouble play 
eliminated the TI;ton threat with a run-
ner left on third. La Veme didn't have 
asmuch luck inthe fifth inning, though. 

Sara Vaplon staned things off for 
See SOFTBAU, Page 15 

Dan McDowelVGuardia-! 

Game one began with ten side-out 
c~llIs before UCSD scored the first point 
of the match. The Tritons managed to 
grab a 2-0 lead before the Aztecs tied the 
score. Gerry Goldstein served fourpoints 
for UCSD, as the Tritons took a 7-Slead. 

Tyson Kerr contributed a hitting per-
centage of .579. He had 12 kills in 19 

See M. V-BALL, Page 15 Gerry Goldstein had 11 digs in the Tritons' loss to SDSU. 

Tritons Slay Lancers 
In Baseball Rematch 
• UCSD come from behind to take a 
10-5 win over Cal Bapti t Tue day 

By Ben Elgin 
Staff Writer 

After subjecting visiting Cal Baptist to a 16-1 tlogging 
last Thur.;day. UCSD (16-3-1) wa~ caught on its heels in 
the fin few innings ofTue~day'~ game played in Lancer 
territory. 

Fortunately for the Tritons. a strong relief performance 
turned in by Bryan 11lOmason, coupled with a five-run 
fourth inning. proved to be sufficient in cementing a IO-S 
come-from-behind victory. 

Southpaw Ryan Flanagan started on the mound, com-
pleting a rocky one-and-two-third inning of work. 

See BASEBAU, Page 10 
D.., McDowetll~ 

Ryan Flanagan had a rocky outing for UCSD. 

Triton Golf: 
To Hell And 
Back Again 
By Chris Regnier 
Senior Staff Writer 

"Pure hell." That' how Mike 
Wydra. head coach of the UCSO 
golf team. described lhe course al 
which the Tritons played on Mon-
day. Hellish as il may have been. the 
Tritons till had an impressive day 
at the UC Irvine Invitational , plac-
ing seventh out of eighteen teams. 

The teams in the tournament 
played 36 holes at the 6.937-yard, 
72 par, Big Canyon County Club. 

See GOLF, Page 15 


