
Sue ....,au.IiIwI 
Jeffery Tom (far right), from Gay and lesbian Asian Pacific Islander 
Social Support, spoke at an LGBA Multicultural Panel. 

LGBA Awareness Week 
Addresses Heterosexism 
By DavId Snow 
Statr WrIter 

"When a man loves a 
woman," reads the Valentine's 
Day display in the Price Center 
Bookstore. While this romantiC 
message may apply to a majority 
of the population, it also fails to 
recognize a significant part of it 

"[people are] assuming that 
all men love women, and that all 
women love men exclusively," 
says Daniel Calvi, publicity di-
rector for UCSD's Lesbian, Gay 
and Bisexual Association. This 

heterosexism is one of th i sue 
which LGBA hope. to hring to 
lightduring its Awareness Week, 
which started Monday. 

.101. .i\~cording to David 
~Ilrelli, director of internal 
affairs for LGBA, this year's 
Awareness Week,entitled"True 
Colors," represents the increas-
ing interaction between LGBA, 
which has about 15 active mem-
bel . and the larger homosexual 
community. Also sponsoring the 
event are San Diego institutions 

See LORA, Page 8 

U.5. Senate Speaks Out 
Against Speech Codes 
• UC's 'Fighting Words' 
policy likely to remain 
lDltouChed by proposal 
By ..,. Wolcott 
Assocllfte News Editor 

Supporting the free speech rights 
of university students, the U.S. Sen-
ate passed two portions of a pr0-
posed bill which requests that fed-
eral fundins be pulled from colleges 
and universities which impose "po-
liticallycorrect"spcechcodesTues-
day. 

As an amendment to Senator 
Edward Kennedy's (D-Mass.) 
school aid bill. the Senate approved 
aU but one clause of the "findings" 
section and aU of the "sense of con-
gress" section of Senator Larry 
Crai,'s(R-Idaho)bill, "Freedom of 
Speech on Campus Act of 1991 ,"or 
S 1484. The "sense of congress" 
pledaesthal .. studenlsaaendina uni-
venitieI, or ocher institudons of 
hiP edllcillioo, IhII receive fed.-
eral funds sbouJd be IbIe to exercise 
fuD fiabIs 10 freedom M speech on 
ClqlUlhe fiaDofticiaI inIrusion. " 

WJbeprobiem weperceive is one 
01 ......... k:IionI M freedom 

of speech on campus," explained 
Brooke Roberts, legislative director 
and counsel for Craig. "From what 
we're gathering. il i. a significant 
issue. There i,;t IOl of<.:oncem in the 
academic l·,)l1l1IHlllJ1\." ,he said. 

The Irlll.I;"", I, .1 Ill<' btll. which 
specili," li1~ I'. 'ldll.~ "I proposed 
amendments to the Education 
Amendments of 1972, has not yet 
been considered by the Senate. 

A nearly identical House of Rep-
resentatives proposal, HR 3451, 
sponsored by Representative Joel 
Hefley (R-Co.), also has not been 
introduced to the House. According 
to Jeff Crank, a legislative assistant 
for Hefley's office, the House bill 
differs from the Senate bill by one 
word, but "the intentions ... are ex-
actly the same." 

According 10 representatives of 
both the Senate and House bill spon-
sors, the proposals will DOl be dis-
cussed in the respective houses until 
at least March, 1992. Crail' 5 Senate 
biD wa lint introduced in July, 
1991. 

The bills specifically seek 10 en-
force he speech rip paarantcred 
underIbefint_fourteedhanend-

See 8aL, PIlI 3 

UCB Votes to End 
'Salary 

• Board members say resolution may not have any effect; 
move is called symbolic and 'likened to a moral issue' 
By Francllc:o DeVries 
Guardian Reporter 

After a heated debate at Monday 
night' meeting, the University Cen-
ter Board (UCB) voted to stop pay-
ing University Center Director Jim 
Canuthers' $67,000 salary. 

1be action came in response to 
Canuthers' actions on behalf of the 
university admini trationduring the 
current student co-operative crisis. 
Chri ty McGrath, the Muir College 
UCB representative, authored the 
resol ution which states thatthe UCB 
will no longer pay the director's 
salary and that the fund for 
Canuthers' salary will be reallo-
cated to the capital line items bud-
get. 

In effect, the UCB is a king the 
administration to pick up payment 
of Carruthers' salary. 

The resolution states that such 
drastic measure were necessary be-
cause of Carruthers ' "complete lack 
of respect to the University Center 
Board' s instructions, resolutions and 
agreements ... 

uca Chair Molly McKay ar-
gued during the meeting that "push 
has come to shove. We have to force 
them [the administration] to take a 
stand." McKay said she was upset 
over the lack of respect shown to 
students by the administration, and 
especially Carruthers. 

Carruthers appeared undaunted 
by the charges made against him in 
the meeting. He said he felt that the 
UCB resolution was a recommen-

UCB Chair Molly McKay 
dation to be taken under adv isement 
by the administration. 

He went on to say that the i sue 
is more a matter of student power, 
than directly about him. While he 
said he did not bel ieve the UCB 
should stop paying his salary, he did 
say, "I work for the university. I've 
never been unclear about that." 

The debates between the board 
members, co-op representatives and 
Associated Students Vice Pre ident 
Administrative Mike Holme lasted 
over an hour before the final vote, 
five to one with one ab tention, 
passed the resolution. 

Several times the debate grew 
heated as Graduate Student Asso-
ciation President and Representa-
tive to the UCB Denise Fenton ar-
gued that such a resolution had not 
been researched adequately and 
would never be carried through over 
administration objections. She 

See SALARY, Page 7 

SPEECH BANNED UNDER THE UC FIGHTING WORDS POLICY 



1 NEWS 

Glllrto AppIl.1n ...... CGmedy 
RoutIne In ....... 11 Next Alday 

Omedi .. Dl.vid.AJanGder.wbo ..... iDdleeclevilioo 
show "hi Uvial Color." will...,... 8 p.m. Feb. 7, in 
Mandeville AudiIoriam. 

CnmedianJ.aieFoxx, wboalsoappearlon "InUviD& 
Color," will opeD for Grier. 

Grier, a graduIIc of Ibe Yllo Scbool of Dnma. ba 
appeared in 10 films. includiaa "AImoIIIO AIJad." "Off 
Limi1s"and" A SoIdier',s.ory."Healao_cIonecxtallive 
television series work, incIudin8 "11Ie 1liI:aor.""AU is 
Forgiven" and"All My <lUIdren." 

His broadway credita include "Orc.apts" and '"The 
FlI'St,"andhisoff-Bl'OIdwayCRdillarefor"LoveLeaen." 
"Richard IO" and "A Soldier', Play." 

Oeoeral admission is $1 S, scaiorI$13..s1lUdcols$IO. 
Tidets may be pwdJaIed dIrough the campus box office 
or frun Tadtetmuter. 
DonoIstoBen s.I'IanFt8eOloIBBtaroI 
TeaaC DlBCSam 01., mood DIM 

The San DicgoBlood Bank ilcontinuio& iii 1992 blood 
drive today and tomorrow from 10 LID. fD 3 p.OL at the 
Cove, on the first floor of the Price Center. 

Donors wiD receive San Diego Blood BanIt t-shirts, as 
well as free cho1c:slerol, blood ~ iron level and pulse 
checks. 

The blood bank ~uests thai donors bring their Donor 
J.D. if they have one, and that they eat before donaIins. 

Donors must moetc:ertain physical ftlQuimnents before 
giving blood. including beiog beIwecn the ap of 11 and 
70. and having a minimum weigbl of 110 pounds. In 
addition, donors who preacnt1y have a cold, flu, headache, 
respiratory infection or cold sore wiD be temporarily 
disqualified. 

Novelist MatthIessen to Lecture; 
Proceeds to BenefIt UCSD lJbrarIes 

The l'c~n l'll.lnli3ll 

aboUlaly-a.. .... Serict" ...... Friday.Feb. 7 •• 
8 p.m. in abo Pricec..r ......... . 

MIaItI alllll'.Ioc:II ........ ~.abolllDOlilDethe 
Jona-awIIiIed ....... of .. filii aoveI. At "'" ill ,. 
Fieldl of. L«d. is beiDlldcIIod. 

Knowa far his vaudlily ....... scope. ........, •• 
tbemeI embnce vllllilllq ClllluNlIlld JifIIIyIeI, wbi1e Ids 
seainp frequently focus on .... iocbodi", Eat Africa, 
NepII, ceaIdl New Guinea, die Amuaa juaalc.abo BcriDa 
Sea and the Ewrpdea. 

The IUIbor iI kDowa DOt oaIy for Ilia IeIIIiIivity 10 Ibe 
pIIaet'. wild plica. bill also lor Ilia .......... viIioa 01 
.... iomy_ioualDduneaty~widlillaife. -alCOidin& 
to )fdr:!essep', friend .... CCll,*» •• __ y WIIIiIm say.. 

MInbieuca', wwb iocIude JCJIIIItt II,. W .... StMtI 
RiwTs IDd NIIiooaIBook Awani wiIIaer Snow IMJptft. 

Paoceeds from Ibe Oral AuIbor Series lie dNi.,..... far 
the benefk ofllle UCSD LiInIy. 'I'icbIa_ SIS. Porfurlb. 
infonnaIion. CIll SJ4.127S. 
South AfrIca'I Pop GIOUP'Comes to 
UCSD _PM of Black IIItory MCllltli 

"MIblaIhiDi and the MabnldJ. Queens. " a music:al1fOUP 
from SouIb Africa, will perfonn al8 p.m. Monday. Feb. 10 In 

TIle ertIIIDbIe is in resideoce. Sao Fr.ncisc:o ~-
' ..... 1Dd also mainIainI .. kIence In New York • the 
AaIon SiIbcr'naI Concert Series at Barucb College. City 
UaMnityofNew YorkandatSt. Lawraa University in 
CanIon. 

1bc members or the quartet are: Eric Pritchard and 
Pndric:t IJ&IIz, fIIIIlDd second violina; Paul Ylibough. 
viola: .. SIady W'aIsOD, cdJo. 

The c:uncat wiD be • 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audiro-
riID. 1'ic:Ir-. lie $18 for pnc::ral admiIIion..s $10 for 
......... and _ milablc • Ibe UCSD Box 0IIk:e or 
1lcbftn= .. oudeI&. 

N SCIENCE -A--EWS-y-
abc Price CenIer BaIl roonl. n~ rart of UCSO's ceJebndon of RacMchenIll Los AlamoaNalionall...abonllOly,FIorida 
Black Hiatory Month. hlleanllional Univer~ity and the Univenityof.Miami have 

"MahJaIhini"perfonnsapopularmixlureofAfriclnJYlbms u.1apowerfuJeIecuon-bcamaa:eJenlortotrealhazard-
and sounds. refemd to by South Africans IS ~lwIMP," or QUI wastIe. 
"poor lJlID's stew." The melodicsand rbyIhms are IIIkeo from "A major.tv1Wltqe of e1cctron-beam teic:JmoIogy is irs 
so-called stteel music. weddinllRIIic, nditional sounds and ability fD cbiIIoy, DOl just remove. hazanIous orpnic 
intematiooaJ pop. CXIIDp""'mda in a W8IIe stteam," said Louis ROIOCba ollhe 

From the mickixlieaoa, membersolllle JI'Oupli'CaediJed Los Alamos' Tunable Lasers and AppIic;adons Group. 
for revolutionizing !be South African popacene. For 2S years, EIec:tron-beam ItdInoIogy bas pcICIdial applaions in 
the group &Old III average of one to two million copies 01 each destroying bazardous waste, disinfecting drinking waIa' 
album they produced. aodsewaae. food processing and sterilizinamedical W8SIC, 

Tdels for the event, which is IIpOIJSCnd by University " Rosocba said. 
Events, are $ 12 for general admission and S9 for shodenU, and The accderaIordeslroys more Ihao 99 pen:enl of many 
are available Ibrousb the UCSO Box Offic:c or TICketmastea. hazardous c:bemicaJs. Oanicals which Ii'C hi8hly resis-
AIMd-WIni .... Sb ... QIBt8t'sTour : w;e80~ as phenols. can praendy be 
To Stop at UCSD Next Saturday "Ourcolblbonlive effort is inlended to fW1berdevelop 

The Alexander SIring Quartet wiD preseal a program of this hi8hly ~ technology by understanding abe 
Moult. Bartok and Beecboven at UCSD on SatwdaY. Feb. 8. cbemiitry of the waste beabnenl process. optimizing abe 

The Aleuadc::r QuMteI bas pafOlmed worldwide since ill process. and devdoping e1cc:tRJn-beam sources and Cacili-
corlCeption baldy a decade ago. In 1985 it became !be first tics for treating hazardous WISIe," Rosocha explained. 
American qualtd to win the Portsmouth lnIcmationai String At present, researchers believe it may be possible to use 
Quanet Competition, receiving the jury's highest award and cJcctron..beam technology in conjuncrion with nuclear 
the Audience Prize. waste treatments todispose of mixed wastc,making ita key 

Peter Matthiessen, a distinguished American novelist Their success led to a London debut and engagements candidate for use in Department of Energy facilities, 
and Mlure writer, will presenl the Spring 1992 Friends of throughout Europe and Great Britain. Rosocha said. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The temperatures for Friday, 
SatLrday, and SI.nday In San 
Diego Coooty. 

.,..... 
(Seconds) 
13 

.... 

........ 

W 
Surfing 
CondItIons: 

Average temperatures for ... /alr are: 

GOOD TO 
EXCELLENT 

57/59 

GTheUCSD UARDIAN 
JASON SNELL, _In CItItJI 
PETER KG, Mow ... EdIDr 
E111OYCHUK, 0ptIIan-
JAMES CCJlI ER, DII4In-
LYNN FRANEY. CqIf &air 
IEIftY cw.ANG, A~"""'" EdIDr 
JOSEPH GARCIA, """"!War MARY IEITY HEARD, __ &all 
CHERYL HOCHMAN,.4.., .. c.,,!War 
SUE MAPES, A_We"",. EdIDr 
.... MARCElO, .... !War 
DAN MCDOWEU.. 1'ItoIIo!War 
KEN PERlMAN,.,..-
atRISI'OFIER" FiL4 AIID __ "" &IfIar 
BRETT IItYNE, ". .. "'!War 
MATTHEW RCI_.ON, A ..... o,.hIan &liar 
N"S·ROVA, ........ ~"'EdIar 
EIIC sa .. lEfJ. A..c ........ &liar 
SHERVLWOIcorT, •• rae'll _saw 
WUEN ..... 4.,D 5 ,."""",...., 
_ WIEhN, A ... "*6par!II &air 

_IW.NDREA, ........ 
..:HAEL FOUI.XS,~...., 
.-E IIARI1NEZ, ~D.,,,, 
E. LEIGH HEMIY, a ad,.". II • .,.,.. 
............ ~Ror-..,,*,_u.. __ 

.......... --...... "-"-O'-"'.IaIIM. ....... ... 
.. 1aI ...... ..-....................... _,.., ........ 

_enau. ........ _ ...... I0 ................ _ ...... 
.... ..-.0 ...... _ .. laIeo-lI ........... _" 
----..... -...-........... -._ ... 
....-........... " .. IaI ........... "c.oa ... _ 
....... a..-.. ..... -.-............. -Iil9 ........... ... 
..................... 0-. ............ _ 
UCSD ....... , 9ICO ..... DIM 0318, 

... JaIII, CA I208M3:Ia 
....................... -................. . 

Tbunday, January 30, 1992 

pression. " she said. BILL Noting the exception for 
CUi ................ 1 speech codes inaended to ensure 
menIS, but the proposals include individual safety, Romero said, 
certain exceptioos. 000ur 'fighting words' policy is 

Religious and military insti- narrowly defined ... hopefully it 
tutions would be exempt from will be exempt. " 
the Jeaislalion.. In addition, the Robens agreed, saying. 
bills allow collqeland uaiversi- '"SenaIor CraiI'I biD would not 
tics to have speech codes tbal addras. SIUdeIII who is sane-
prohibit speech which intetfatl tioncd far usiog 'figlblg words' 
withthe"academicandlldminis- as consIitutionaUy defincd" 
b'Eve process" .... the "safety • ~ to Romero, there 
of individuals. .. have been cbaraes of infractions 

"There is some diuppoint- undc::r!beUC'I"fiabtingwords" 
ment in lOme ______ .__ policy since its 

quarters thai the " adoption in 
bill doesn't ~ September. 
teet all ~" Olr 'fiCttir1 1989. But, she 
Roberts ~..... words' pol" said,' since the .~ II'U IS 

As an ex- -I individual cam-
ample of speech narrowly defined... puses are not 
which should be hopefully it will be ~uired to n:;-
protected. Rob- pt. ponthecasesto 
ens imagined a exem system-wide 
scerwioinwhich " offICeS. there is 
a student in a ~ PATRICIA ROMERO norecordofabe 
ciologyclau may UC Assistant DiteelDr at number of such 
present "an opin- Student Affairs and incidents. 

ionthaliscon~ SeMceS The bills 
versial to the pro- would pull all 
fessor." dimet fedcml funding. including 

Although Roberts said she did research grants, from offending 
not know what abe likelihood of colleges and universities. Ac-
approval is for the biDs, "We cording 10 Crank, only one col-
think that it will at least be an lege in the U.S. does not receive 
interesting discussion." federal aid. Crank. added that the 

"We'n:; hoping that the legis- legislation is not intended to af-
lationdoesn·tnecdtopass ... that fect student grants and loans. 
this will open discussion on cam- Neither Roberts nor Crank 
pus as to what is protected, and couldestimarethenumberofU.S. 
what needs to be protected," she colleges and universities which 
said. employ any type of speech code. 

PatriciaRomero,assistantdi- According to CranIc, the pro-
rector of student affairs and ser- posed legislation has been sup-
vices at the Office of the UC portedbyvariouss!udentgroups. 
President. speculated that the while Robens said that opposi-
VC's system-wide "fighting tion has been expressed from 
words" policy would likely not academic factions. 
fall under such legislation. Cranlcaddedthalindependent 

However. Romero said that institutions also oppose the pro-
the office has flOC seen proposed posaIs. ,"They see it as the gov-
biDs, and that the possibility ex- emmentattacbing a string to fed-
ists thai the VC would be at- eralfunds.WeseeitasCongress 
feeled if Congress does approve being accountable for fimding." 
the legislation. Romero said tbat she was dis-

"Our current policy - even turbed by the govemmmt's use 
before the 'fightingwords'policy of threats 10 cut funding as a way 
- provides for freedom of ex- of implementing policy. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

S) ~ ~ llU. BED 
~ tOt ~UJ) 1'5 

'\OIIE'GK 1K." 
\ 

The UCSD Guardian 

~,""'22: 
11 s.m.: A student reported the theft 
of a dashboard parkirC permit from 
Lot 208. Loss: $125. 
........" ..... 23: 
1 p.m.: Escondido police I'eCO\Iered a 
1977 Toyota Corolla stolen from a 
student on Jan. 8. 
5:43 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a 1986 VW .Jetta from Lot 
355. Loss: $6.500. 
FrIdIIy, ..... 24: 
10:30 8.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a partUng pennit from lot 
102. Loss: $125. 
11:27 8.m~: A 22-year old student 
was arrested for a traffic warrant. He 
was cited and released. 
1:15 p.m.: A student reported 

receM~ an obscene phone call at 
the lesbian. Gay and Bisexual 
Association office. 
7 p.m.: A student reported burglary 
to a 1985 'M Jetta. loss: $750. 
s.tunIay, ...... 25: 
7:15 p.m.: A 15-year~ld noo-affiliate 
was arrested at lebon Drive for 
prowling and released to his parents. 
Sunday, ...... 26: 
8:29 p.m.: The San Diego Police 
Department recovered the 1986 WI 
Jetta stolen on Jan. 23. 
9 p.m.: A student reported the theft 
of a Sony disc player from his room 
at Ogden Hall. loss: $300. 
Tuaday, ...... 28: 
7:55 a.m.: San Diego police 
recovered a 1983 Oldsmobile 
Cutlass stolen from UCSD Jan. 21. 
10:20 a.m.: A student reported the 
theftofab~~krromPe~~n 
Hall. loss: $133. 
5:10 p.m.: Oceanside police 
recovered a student's 1971 VW 
Santella Bug stolen last year. 
Six bicycles were stolen during the 
week of Jan. 22 -Jan. 28. Total loss; 
$1,759. 

by Bill Watterson 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (r~g . $25) 
Itten '14 (reg. $/9) 
UCaD SPECIALS 
Perm &: HaircuJ $50 
or Highlight &: Haircut 

8950' VilltJ La JoUd Dr., Stet 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

NEWS 3 

IREATIOtiS 
REGGAE SHOP 

• Caae ..... co. • Backpacks • CuHural Heml 
• VIdeos • Jewelry • Concert tlc:kets 
• T·shlrts • Incense 

CDs $9.99 and up 
Rasta Rebater 150/0 orr any item 

If 5961 EI Cajon Blvd. (Near College Ave.) 229·8039 · With ad - Expires 2{l.9/92 
compact discs • tapes • home audio 

JAZZ 
ROCK 

Reggae 
Soul 

Blues 
WORLD Beat 

NEW RELEASES 

NIRVANA KEITH SWEAT lOU REED 
PATO BANTON RUSH SDT~ 
STEVIE RAY VAUGHN 

TIle AUDlOFILE CDS· TAPES 
HOME AUDtO 1030 Torrey Pines Road. La Jolla 

Hrs: M-Sat. 10 _7 pm 459-FILE 
-------------, $200 OFF ANY NEW CD I 
with this ad 

BoUnd Thhle.P1ZZa 
~~? 

457-2060 
COUPON E ... zmIJ2 74 ! EEl;::: A t~:!t~;!~~U!:!;.5 $11 ~.~.! 

_orr .... d_ mushrooms, ol~ves, PRlCECENTEIl/BUU'S EYE TilVERN 
1457-2060 peppers and omons. ~RoundTablePl2:za. I 

~--------------------~ I COU~ ~~ml I'IIrc'- 811 $8.99 Media. Thin Cn .. Pepperoni 
I And I'IIrdIMeTlle NnlOne For ONLY $4 00 I I 0tI0r valid ... Dlnc-In (Or AD"! Slape ToppInc) I Cany.o. or Deti¥eoy 
I :::."!".:... MEDIUM THIN PfUCEC£NTERJBUU·SEYEtilv~~Tf .. x I 
1457-2060 CRUST ~~RoundTablePizza. I 

~--------------------.., • COUPON Esp. 212M! 751 I rum.. - $1 .. 99 LarJt ThIll Crut Ptpperonl I 
I And I'un:IIa!e The Next One For ONLY $ 6 00 ow. .alid ... Diroe-l. (Or ADy Single Toppi .. ) I I Cany.o.o 01 Deli...., ".us rAX I 
I ::::.."!"~ LAllIE THIN PfUCECENTEIl/BUU'HYETAVEICN I 

I-~::~ _ !I!!!.' _____ ~!,:!!!.~dra~e!i:;;a~ 
I $ 2 00 OFF t:sp.VlMI7S! II 
I 0tI0r oroIId .. IJIoo.Io CInJ.o. or Dtli...-y . 
....... lioIwith .. y • Allfte THICK OR • 

_ orr<r"' ,I0,,· ....... ItIUnII5 PRlCECENTl~UU.SEYETilVERN ~~::~_ !!I!!~ ___ ~.!~u:d~!!e!i~J 



OPINION 
• OPINION 'lbc UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 30, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

• IS 
. , 

n 

A journey by bus becomes a descent into Hades 
By Berban LabIrW-
Contributing Opinion Writer 

I have always been an avid armchair traveler, so I 
was naturally drawn to the writings of Paul Theroux. For 
a brief period, as soon as I found them in the library, I 
would eagerly read his accounts of train trips through the 
most obscure regions. Eventually,l began to be repelled 
by the fact that he seemed to enjoy virtua1ly none of his 
exotic encounters. I got impatient with his smanny tone, 
and the phase was over. 

Although I was irritated by his aloofness, there was 
one aspect of it that fascinared me. By riding alone 
through the world, he was able to examine all aspects (or 
so it seemed) of all people and their respective cultures. 
The fact that he chose to sneer at most of them. I 
decided, was not important. The thought of traveling and 
observing, like a camera, seemed romantic in an 
aesthecic kind of way. I am still in love with traveling. 

If you have Ieamed to shed your inhibitions, you may 
hop a mystery train in Outer Mongolia or brave the New 
Yorlt subways at odd hours. When one is a timid 
freshman living in Southem California, one settles for 
the bus. 

Since I am an ambitious person, I soon found that 
some of my desires couJd only be fulfiUed if I went to 
downtown San Diego at least once a week, a prospect 
not too daunting to someone with a car. 

(it takes l5 minutes by car). This left me with at least three hours out of my day 
(counting waiting at ralher dubious bus stops) with nothing to do except observe 

the teeming swanns of humanity (I did try to ICId the 
newspaper at rust, but my intestines soon persuaded me that 
this was unwise). 

1f)OO have Ieamed to 
shed ·nhibitions' • yolJ'l , 

you may hop a 
~ train in Outer 

MorfPIia or brave 
theNew~sm. 

WIWS at odd hours. 
\\t)en one is a timid 
fNstrlal ~ in 

SouUlem caiforria, 
one settles for the 

bus. 

This is actually scarier than one might think. 
FiBl of all, I discovered that buses OR noc nearly the 

impersonal meta1 monsters that trains and planes are. The 
driver actually has to come in contact with the passengers. 
Most of the drivers seem to have a natural rapport with the 
riders that I never could have dreamed of having with 
cOmplete strangers. Perhaps some were even a tad too 
friendly for me - one sexagenarian calIcd me up to the 
fron t of the bus after everyone else had departed and 
, 1~l1l nly inquired ifl always looked this aood or only 00 

lI ' I'l' ~~l1ds. 
Some drivers. however, acted as if they would ntIher be 

ferrying the River SIyx. I could certainly sympadtize - it 
didn't loot to me like the most fuIfillina of jobs. 

Some of the passengers seemed to be friendly witb the 
drivers and often SbUCk up a conversation, but then there 
were the c.dIm. 

Older couples spent long, agonizing minutes trying &0 
wodc out exactly what was the best route to K-Man-while 
standing in the doorway. 

But I, being Little Ms. Eager College Student, decided it would be 
easier to take public transportition. The ride takes an hour and 15 minutes 
to gel to the heart of downtown San Diego by bus. An hour and J 5 milUlles 

Junior high studenlS traversed the aisle between the sealS 
on rollerblades. Parents tried vainly to control their toddlers "Look. Mary! The 
ocean!" one flllherexclaimed to his tIRc-year-01d. MaJy, not im~ 
continued to smear a vile-looting substance on ~ seats and walls. 

See -,Pate 5 

H 

Thunday, January 30, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

BUS who, and hereafter kept anyone else Well. it so happened Ih .ll I \' ", from sitting there. She told one eld- ing on a train. Al IUllg 1.1' •• I 11 .1 
ContInued ......... 4 erly gentleman that the seat was for going on atrain,and instead, I wanted 

And) took all of this more or less cripples, and that she was crippled to crawl home. 
with a grain of salt, holding fast to and he was not (although, she "Los Angeles," ) told her, trying 
my front seat, that is, until ) was seemed to be walk.ing well enough), to be as vague as possible. She started 
forced to give it up to a moredeserv- and those were just the brakes, and in on the evils of that city versus the 
ing person - until I was forced to if he didn't like it ... evil of this one, but by that time ) 
give it up to the bag lady. But he had a1mtdy left. had finally arrived at the train sta-

This was the f&nhest trip I had She warned a family about the tion and I was scampering off. 
taken to dale, and I had just finished "evil spirits" sitting next to her. ) Now, I am a compulsive neu-
asking the driver what time the bus wasn't sure if she was speaking rotic who must check all important 
arrived at Broadway and Kettner literally or referring to me. Obvi- documents and infonnation at least 
(For the fifth time, Okay?), and I was ously, she harbored resentment 1001 times. 
begiMing to fear that her eyeballs against the wealthy, as she devoted Wantto guess who left hcrtrain 
might slide all the way into her skull a good IS minutes to cursing "rich ticket on the bus? ) lurched and 
and never come back, when the bag coozes in limousines" that she had shrieked after the bus in a way to 
lady came. I'm sure that there are a seen. make a diva proud, and miracu-
thousand more sensitive words I It was hardly a moralistic dia- lously, it stopped. I dived through 
could label her, but bag lady sticks, tribe, though, because there seemed the mess of papers that was the bag 
because she had enough bags to to be as much envy and admiration lady 's entourage,and couldn't find 
more than equal her body weight. in her rant as resentment. She railed it. 
They were probably all she had, but about God and crack and maybe While I was panicking in my 
I have no idea. God on crack ... and she did go on. best headless chicken fashion. the 

For the 45 minutes that she And on and on. At one point) tried now-silent lady looked at me with 
rambled incessantly, sometimes to make eye contact with the driver, round eyes. 
amusingly , sometimes frighten- who up until that point had remained She told me not to panic. honey. 
ingly, there was no evidence to sug- calm and amiable with the lady. But Pat, pat went her little hand al the 
gest that she might actually belong the driver turned away with a grin pace at which I think 111 \ 1I,lIhlll .• d 
anywhere. She looked like one of and began her own tirade, ending been. Ungraciou Iy . I ll.l I~II' ti lt.: 
her bags. as far as ) could tell - with something like, "I told them ticket from under the seat where it 
browni h, wrinkled, papery. I tried not to let them on my bus and they had been and fled. 
not to look at her face. always come .. . I can't control I caught my train. I don' t want to 

TIle driver seemed to know her them ... Stupid motherfuckers '" know whatever Brady Bunch moral 
- she called her "Poochie," or Maybe TIleroux would havebeen there is to be found in thi uncharac-
something equally sad. When the cynically amused. Frankly, I was teristically neat tum of event that 
driver asked her how she was, the petrified. happened to me. 
woman responded that she was poor. Finally, the inevitable came; a1- AlII know is that) ignored whal-
tired and in need of a husband. though I had tried to keep from ever potential amusement there 
"Anybody need a wife?!" she called making eye contact with the woman could have been from the yuppies 
loudly. There were no takers. Murn- for so long that I had a crick in my across from me. and instead stared 
bling to herself, she plunked herself neck,shespiedtheticket inmyhand out the window all the way home. 
down on the front seat next to guess and asked me where I was going. The view seemed beautiful. 

Your Opinion Is Meaningless ... 
.. .If we don 't know what it is. The 

UCSD Guardian welcomes your letters 
and commentaries. Drop your letter at our 
plush offices (on the second floor of the o ld 
Student Center above the General Store 
Co-op) or send it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92092'()316 

All letters should be typed. double-
spaced and must include a name and phone 
number. Letters without a name will not be 
printed. We reselVe the right to edit for 
length and clarity. 

CONTACT LENS 
$69 $89 

OPINION 5 

ROBYN HITCHCOCK 
.... l1li ESmlANS 

willi 
1"'11 
.... 

Matthew 
SWeet 

FEBRUARY 21 
I:.a PM 

MANDEVlUE 
AUDnaRIUM 

UCID 

La Jolla Marriott 

Come join us for 
u C S D 

DOLLAR NIGHT 
EVERY $100 DRAFTS THURSDAY !PPETIZERS 
plus $175 . 

WELL DRINKS 8-11:30 p.m. 

Pool Tables • Basketball Shooters • Games & GiveaJllays 
TORREY'S A an 
Diego Nightclub located 4240 La JoU. VII .... Dr., La JoII. CA 92037 
in the La /olla Marriott (819)587-1414 .d. 6220 

Complete 
Extended Soft Lenses 

I-----==.iiiiiir=="l $159 $199 
SAVE with the 

HOME THEATRE PAK 
Complete Complete 
L....1IIittli1i£:~~ ....... D Daily 'gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 

I~upiru 2116192) 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

follow up .. 

• S.rylc. 
• ".llb I , ••• r. 
....... . ~I. Prlo •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

ONLY $650 

• 

INCLUDES: 
• 2 Movie Renlals 
• 1 Two Uter Soda 
• 1 Orville Redenbacker 
3 oz. Butter or Light 
Butter Microwave 
Popcorn 

Ollar expim 3/15/92 

L._~~~--L _____ ---{ 

~I ,. w ... c.:,u, I VIGa-o (! • 4iIt ~ ·'1 • -. . , -~- I '·2 - J 
8895 TOWNE CENTRE 

453·4548 



6 OPINION 

$ummer Cash 
We can give you a summer job that will take'you places. Places 

like Los Angeles, San Francisco, Dallas, New York and Miami just to 
name a few. Affdi.ued Services Inc., an agent for Mayflower TransiI, 
is looking for hard working individuals with a sense of adventure to 
fill summer postilions in our household goods fleet. 

• No ExperleoceNeceuary 
• Free TralnJn& 
• ExceUent EanUnp Potential 
• See The Country 
• Meet Ioteradog People 
• Sc:bolanblps For Top !amen 

You Must Be At Least 21 Years Old 
Have A Good Driving Record 

Be Ambitious 
For More lofonnatioo Attend A Free SemI.oaJ'I 

Date: February 6, 1992 
Place: Price Center, Davis Riverside Room 
Time: 7:00 p.m. 
Call 1-800-428-1204 to register. You do not need 

~o register to anend, but it would be appreciated. A Affiliated Services, Inc. A Agent for MAYRowtR . 
v.-TRANSIT 

M.yI1ower. M.yf1owa ru, .... c., .nd the: thip .ymbol lie ,,..demllin and tervtee: .ukJ of 
M'Yf10Wft'TIINU, Inc. P O Boa: 107, lnci.anapola_, Ind.uu , <66106-0107 JOe No. MC·29}4 
Pnntcd in the US A 1991 ~byf1o..,c.t Tran .. t., Inc. 

. ;ll-.":.im- ntE BRIlI'iH \ \1t:RIC,\;\ I.- •• .. •• I)RA\I \ C \I)E)n' \\lfll 
' . J! . , VALE HOOLOfl)lI l"l \:'00 ~" ,; ~ I I 1\ ER\lTl' OF C,<\lJroR'" ~:'r.tl!..l:!l:; ", \T ·A;\IlIEGO II CSDI"..... 
MIDSUMMER IN OXFORD 

BRmSHCLA !CAL THEATRE· July 10dI ·Aupsl9tIt 1992 
A untqueoppununu\' IOSiudy cI~QCaJ Ihc:lf~ wilh Bnnnn'5 finO( acton .mJ dlrfil0n 
"h~e~y,",,, 8alJioI ColJn".on<oI0,ronfs .n,·ocnl.nd""", beaullful coIlc'<s' 

TlIo<e ... ina pan on loA, included: I(nnclh BllIna h Jcr<my lruns. Bnan Co> . 
Mano Ail~co. Dorothy TUlln, Janel Sownan. Ronald Eyre . T~ Roboruon oJ 
EarkGISIn: 

EMOR HAKESPEARE PROGRAM 
hx pro/asiooWsand clptri<occdSludcnuconccnll111n1 "" SIIa1""",ar • . \\l lh oddlliona' 
ciauni. CbekboY . VOtC< . ~tovemcn,and Mime. AcodenucClao"".n · E:orlcGlSlcr 
,Yale: School'" Drama,. 
ADVANcrD AcnNC 
See ... 1I"'yc.....,.inCh.~"""and a....., ... Corned" " ilb iI/Jdi,ional cla«es ,. Ch(k"'" 
Vo.;< .M.,..".."" and M,n><. ,>,code""" o."i""..· E.arlc: G ... <rl Vale '1I00I "rl>rarN·. 
MOSCOW ART TH £.Ant[ CHU HOV PROCa,>, \I 
Oasaes in Chckhov with Idduionai classn ,n h3le1pl:alC' . \'~ I1nd MO\tfMnl. AcAdtmlC' 
Chai""",, : 0I<t TabU"", ~Io>row An Th<-., re I. 
t;NI)ERCRAD ATEACTINC 
SccneSlud daw:s'nShuopc.r .. ndCI""IC;uComcJ ""h.J,hlion. lclasscs,. VOt<'< 
and Mcwcmt.,. AcodemtCClwnnln: MaryC"",,,. II; SO, 
ACTI G rOR FlL\f .4J1o'D TEL£VISIO'li 
An on-c:un<ra Knes 01 ~"Ilh addilM')nal classes In h3l~3rf . V,*,,,,:: and 
Mc:wcmenl . Accredited by ucsn. 
T.irioot •. ~: ~ •• A ...... ~ auditioOl .. ly. 

r ....... .--:M---..Od."'........ ~B U :SD 'I1InIrt :'?: cn44. U JoIo. 
~c.IIonIoiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit289l· "iiiiiiiiiiiiiii:"~ 179~1. iiiiiiiiiiiiiii mOl 
-=, .. _rl..-.. !::/ • 

ATIENTION SENIORS 
We need Sales Representatives 

Sign up for on~ampus interviews 
now for February 24 

Astro Office Products Inc. Is a rapidly growing sales 
subsidiary of CANON U.SA Strong customer demand 
has created exciting career opportunities In state-of-
the-art electronic office equipment sales, We are look-
ing for sales reps for our Copier, Facsimile, and Informa-
tion Management product areas. Positions are available 
in Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernadino, and Riverside 
counties. 

Backed by CANON'S large company strengths, you'll be 
responsible tor setting strategies and pursuing direct 
sales opportunities. We offer an excellent training pre>-
gram, salary plus commission, auto allowances, medi-
cal, dental, and lire Insurance along with 40IK profit 
sharing plans, and a company gym, 
If you are a graduating senior or have a Bachelor's 
degree, sales or related experience, please sign up with 
us at the Career Center for olKampus Interviews, or 
send a resume to: 

Canon EaplO)'IRDt aDd StdIDg AItro 0fIlce Prodadl, 1Dc. 
110 W, WalDat St., Gardeoa, CA 90248 

Tbe UCSD Guardian Tbunday, Januuy 30, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

Save the Co-ops, Nix the Global Agenda 
• The recent co-op controversy has led to an initating upsurge of activism 

UCSD is ablaze with the fire of 
rebellion. This fire is not as wide-
spread as it looks, simply strong and 
full of life. Ironically, this rise in 
campus activism is the best thing 
that hashappencd toourlibenl c0m-
munity since the Persian Gulf War. 

Anyone who ha set foot on ow 
C3IJ1lUSdurina the last few weeks has 
beensuddenlysweprupbyafeelingof 
sixtics-ism. fliers, rallies,nuicaI per-
formances and the heavy pre'lCIlCe of 
~adi<apiIa1ist.leaf­
Ids make one quickly mICh for a 
calendar to chedc the date. 

Pick·up a Guardian. look for a 
con nlellllll'y on theCCHlp'i (best place 
to look - the far-left "Spectacle" 
scction)and you will nodoubt find the 
words "capitalism," "authority" and 
"power" littercd dvoughout every ar· 
ticle. 1ndeed, I found the word "capi-
talism" used over 20 times in last 
Thursday's Guardian. All oflhis be-
cause the university has perhaps 
wrongly and illegally tried to shut 
down the CXH>pS, 

What is realJy going 0 11 here? 
1beanswer: toomuch. What !>taned 
as the administration's attempt to 
close up shop - and the co-ops' 
subsequent resistance - has now 
turned into a war of ideologies. No 
longer is the main focus of the c0-
ops' activity "let's stay open." Now 
it is hlet ' s beat the capitalists." 

However, because this all Staned 
with a valid grievance concerning 
most students - the existence of 
low-priced student-run businesses 
- the co-ops are able to pass off 
their poLitical polemics under the 
rubric of "save the C<H>pS." 

MOSIpeopleliketheco-<>ps. They 
may not use them, but they like 
them. Therefore, many people come 
to the rallies or maybe read the 
myriad of available fliers. Herein 
lies the C<H>PS' political shoehorn. 
For once. the co-ops have the atten-
tion of most of the campus. Will 
they allow this golden oppommity 
to pass them by? Hell, no. It's time 
to spread the gospel. And beSl of al1 
they will probably win. An opportu-
nity like this has nOI t;a1kll upon 
them since the prote~H,dd~ 1l Per· 
sian Gulf War. 

The C<H>PS are political organi-
zations. They exist, as they have 
noted many times before. to provide 
an altemalive to the capitalist Ameri-
can way. They are, in a very real 
sense, a political machine. 

RECOIL 

In the past, theC()-()f)S have found 
it difficult to gain the ear of UCSD. 
They were like a well-polished ac-
robat without a circus. 1be situation 
at hand is like a chance to join up 
with Barnum and Bailey's nation-
ally acclaimed three· ring circus. 

In the beginning of the conflict, I 
eagerly listened to all the co-ops had 
to say. Indeed, when Groundwork 
- a place where I always felt like a 
pastor in a porn shop - was in 
danger of going under, I took notice 
of their claims verycarefuJly. Yet as 
the weeks went by ,I staned to suffer 
from Leftist overload. For instance, 
when I attended pr<Ko-op rallies, 
they alwaysseerned to mix in among 
valid concerns everything from 
Governor Wilson bashing to anacks 
on capitalism. My interest in their 
cause waned. 

If the C<KlpS are smart, they will 
concentrate on the issue which 
gained them so much air-time -
their threatened demise. Unfortu-
nately, they would rather display 
their well-honed political protest-
ing skills while walking the tight-
rope over the center ring. Of course 
they will say the issue of the 
administralion's attempled shut-
down and capitalist ideology are 
one and the same. They are having 
too much fun. 

And I must admit. it looks fun. The 
hwnp and the old Studenl Center are 
infused with life. You can feel the 
energy in the air. People with so much 
to say are 11()( going to get up in front 
of hundn:ds of students and refrain 
from bellowing fonh aD thauhey have 
worlc.ed for and are politically 0b-
sessed about. They ~ born with a 
silvermicrophoneintheirmoulh. The 
temptation is simply too grea&. 

I used to be undecided about the 
whole situation, so I remained neu-
tral. Now, not only can I not make 
up my mind, but I also don't know 
whom to believe. There is s0me-
thing, however, about which I arn 
sure. Just because the administta-

lion may have a motive for closing 
down the co-ops - namely wiping 
out the competilion for the Price 
Center - docsn'l mean this is its 
reason. Mocive is neverenough proof 
to convict someone of a crime. Af-
ter aU, most conspiracy theories -
a favorite of liberals - are predl-
cared solely on motives. Stronger 
evidence is needed. 

Unfortunalely, the administra-
tion has clammed up. It should take 
the co-ops' lead and maJce every 
effon to explain its side of the story. 
Not doing so just lends more cre-
dence to the co-ops' claim that the; 
administration cares little about stu-
dent opinion (On the other hand, 
could you imagine Tommy Tucker, 
Joe Watson and lim Carruthers hold-
ing a pro-administration rally, com-
plete with musical performers and 
banners? Perbaps an ad in the Guard· 
ian might be better). 

Moreover, I find il hard to be-
lieve, as alJeged by the co-ops, thaI 
the administration is trying to shUI 
them down because the co-ops are 
an example of a successful coopera-
tive and thus a threaI to capitalism. 
Iftheadministralion were motivated 
by the desire 10 eliminate competi-
tion, I don't think it would matter 
whettler the co-ops were capitalist 
or communist. . 

This is not. as the co-<>ps claim, a 
battle of ideology, designed to dis-
credit collectivism. And this is not a 
contest of political worth. In olher 
words, lhis isn't a tesl to see which 
is better. capitalism or collectivism. 
These things I do know. 

NOI knowing whom to trust, yet 
knowing there is an upcoming coun 
battle. I have put my faith in the 
American legal system. Too much 
politicking by the co-ops, and not 
enough infonnation from the ad-
ministration, leaves me wilh no 
choice but to sit back and let the 
wheels of justice grind 

Indeed,l have donated to the co-
ops' legal fund, and continue 10 do 
so whenever I shop at the C<H>ps. 
NOI much mind you, but it's the 
thought that counts. This is ironic 
considering that the Food Co-op is a 
store which once had one of my 
anicles hanging on its wall dec0-
rated with "Ti~ of fascist journal-
ism? So are we. lusl a warning." 
Anyway, I was never one to hold a 
~.~Iuck~,lhavea 
feeling you'll need it 

lbunday, January 30,1992 

SALARY 
ContInuId fan .... 1 
pointed out !hal passing the resolu-
tion would probably only erode the 
credibiliry of the board and acc0m-
plish nothing. 

Third College Representative 
Richard Conant responded to 
Fenton. "This is our budget, with 
our money, which we have cern-
plete control over." 

Ouis Burnett. UCB commis-
sionerofFinancelCo-opand Enter-

p~, agreed with Conant, saying, 
"If anyone his to wony about cm:I. 
ibility, ii's the administration. .. 

Carruthers remained quiet 
throughout most of the delibera-
tions, only speaking to clarify his 
duties or to make other clerical cor-
rections. 

After the resolution was passed, 
with Fenton casting the only vote 
against it, Conant said that Fenton 
did not truly represent her constitu-
ency, and that her opposition to the 
resolution had weakened the board' s 
stand against the administration. 

Board members acknowledged 
that the resolulion may only func-
tion as a symbolic act. With the 
actual f'unctiom and powers of the 

" I work for the university. 
I've never been unclear 

cmout that 

" JIM CARRUTHERS 
University Center DItector 

UCB in dispute, it is unlikely that 
such an act would withstand the 
administration's scrutiny, UCB 
members likened it to a "moral" 
issue. 

With students' registration fees 
going to pay Carruthers' salary, the 
UCB members said they feel that he 
should be accountable to the stu-
dents. 

McGrath said, "If he's repre-
senting the administration, then the 

UCSD Theatre 1991-92 Season 
Winter Productions 

SUMMER AND SMOKE 
by Tennessee Williams 
January 29-February 1 at 8PM 
February 2 at 7PM 
Mandell Weiss Theatre 

FUENTEOl.'E,UN.t 
by Lope de Vega 
February 19-22 at 8PM 
February 23 at 7PM 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

-

SOLDIER OF PARADISE 
a new play by Kevin Kreiger 
March 4-6 at 8PM 
March 7 at 2PM & 8PM 
March 8 at 2PM & 8PM 
Forum Studio 

'1H 'h.LTS\IU: 'i-(, Hm STl DEYIS. 
(; 1,'1 ::. I'ICh.FIS H m ,,~O 

\\TIII TilE l< 'SI> TIlE \Tln: ( . \HI>. 
( . \ 1.1 . H I/{ I> F 1\ II . S. :' J.J . .J:' 7 .J. 
\1.ll ilkll \\ ,·t"" Ihl"t1I\' B(I\ ()lli,'l' 

The UCSD Guardian 

administration should pay him." 
Burnett, who fU'st recommended 

the action to the UCB on Jan. 6, 
~ with M(,{jrath, but after the 
meeting said that he w~ ~ure the 
administration would overturn the 
resolution. 

Member.> were quick to agree 
that Canuthers' job overseeing the 
University Center is an important 
one, and thai his positiOn is neces· 
sary, 

Board members suggested that 
Canuthers not be frred, but instead 
either follow the direclion of the 
UCB or be paid by the administra-
tion from separate funds. 

1be resolution is the latest in a 
series of disagreements between the 
UCB and Carruthers. 1be move to 
freeze Carruthers I wages stemmed 
from his actions regarding the co-
opsonNov. 18, when the problems 
between theGroundwork Book Co-
op and the administration urfa ed. 

During the original connict. 
Carruthers acted on behalf of uni-
versity instructions and did not fol-
low several UCB resolutions per-
taining to the cri. i ~. I ater actions by 
Carruthers and til(' administralion 
funher prompted till' t ICB to take 
action agai n't ;II' I1 i1I1,'" 

Advertise 
in the 

Guardian 
For more 

infonnation, call 
534-3466 

DO YOU HAYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

I ..... $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus eam up 

to SIOO per week. 

Please call 
MD LAIOIATOIlIS 

226-1733 

NEWS 7 

WEDNESDAY 'S A.S. MEETING IN BRIEF 

• $600 Dollars to Co-Op "I DeI_ Fund Declared Illegal: In a leller 
from JOIMII Beam. ofUniversily Counsel. the university cannot Jellhe Associated 
SludenlSailocaleS600totheco-ops fora legal defense fund. as il would nol be sound 
business pnIICtice. UniversilY money cannot be used for "both legal prosecution and 
defense of lhe same liligation."lICcording 10 Sewn's !eller. 

• San DIqo Collealale Board Supporu Student Rights: The SDCB. which 
represenlS 72.000 tudenlS in the San Diego area. passed 3 resolution last week 
supponing lhe UCSD co-ops and sludent righlS. The resolution 11180 found lhe 
university's use of excessive force inappropriate, and recommended lhat lhe 
universily respect sludenl righlS. 

• UCSA Vice President Job. Edson Speaks on Future or UCSD: The Vice 
Pre idenl of the Universily of California Student Association spoke conceming 
California's budgel crisis and UCSO's fee increases. The discussion centered ona 
lower $ludenl fee increase balanced with lower reaching salaries. Debate included 
the question or rreezing sraff and racuhy meril incruses. . 

Otbtr Old Business: 
-Appointment of David Kim 10 A.S Rules Commitlee. Passed. 
·Reallocation or $356 from Event H (Film) 10 Lesbian. Gay and Bisexual 

Association Communily Fair on February I. 1992. Passed. 
-Appointmenl oflvan Talijancic as Direclor ofPublicily Subcommillee on A.S. 

Programming Commitlee. Passed. 
·Allocation of S520 from New Media Unallocated 10 Eanh Oay Coolilion 31 

UCSD for Eanh Day publication. Passed. 
-Underwrile ofS 1,000 from General Unallocaled 10 Lesbian. Gay and Bisexual 

Association for speaker's fee al Su ie Brighl's "All Dyke Action," Passed. 
'Allocation of $S36 from Sludenr Organizalion Confe rence Travel Budgcllo 

Native American Studenl AlJiance for I Sib Annual Stale of California Conference 
on American Indian Education. Passed. 

-Allocation ofSI49.60 from GeneruJ Unallocated 10 Student Advocate Opera. 
lions and TllIvct Budget for swelllShins. Failed. 

AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR 

7OM'5 Master Mechanics 
======= exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

If You Have Friends with vW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L _____ ~ ______________ ~ 

NOW YOU CAN 
GET DIRTY FOR A 
WHOLE LOT LESS. 

IIOUNI'....... H ....... 
800 $2ft_99 700 $299." 
820 $399.99 720 $359.99 
--~------, Unlv .... lty 

Discount w/schooilD • City 

5% on bikes 
10% on parts & 

accessories 
Not valid ..tIh "'Y.- lIlIdai oflerl. L _________ _ 

• 
Cycl.ry 
3246 Governor Dr, 

• 452-8842 
• Open 7 days a week 



8 NEWS 

LaBA 
CenIInued ........ :I. 
001 connected with UCSD, such as 
!he Bluedoor Bookstore and Oub 
Bombay. Members said that it is 
also the most ambitious effort un-
dertaken to date by LGBA, with 
daily lectures, wortshops and mov-
ies running vi~y back-IO-back 
from la!e morning until evening. 

With presentation titles like 
"~homophobia. "and"LeIdIer 
andSdcM. "itisevideotdwAw ... 

ness Week is not "Homo&aualliy 
101." "Wc'~ movm, the focus 
away fromeducalioo towards more 
01 a c:elebnIion, a celebration of 
diversity," ZinpreIli said. 
COINIMIniIJ 

<hndan Reddy, a UCSD stu-
dent and gay activist, said thai one 
objective of this year's awareness 
week is to "SIIr1 meshing !he out-
side lAY Md lesbian conunWlity of 
San Dieao and the UCSD gay and 
IesbiM community, to swt work-
ing more toward conglomerate 

AIM FOR 
SUCCESS 
GMATcLASS 
BEGINS FEB, 10 

GRE CLASS 
BEGINS FEB. 24 

(619)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

1bc UCSD GuaniiaD 

projecls and to see them as one 
comm&ality. " 

Accordina to ZinpreUi, LOBA 
has focused publicity for this year's 
event more on die San Diego c0m-
munity. One move aimed at draw-
ing outside panicipants was sp0n-
soring UC Berkeley professor and 
perfonnanceartisl Susie Brig/1, who 
has in the past performed in San 
Diego to seU-out crowds. Bright 
performed her "All Dyke Action" 
show on Monday nighL 

This Sunday, the "True Colors 
Corrmunity Fair" will be held at 
Revelle Plaza and is expected to 
draw over 40 different orpliza-
tions, vendors and merchants from 
the gay and IesbiIn community. 
Orpnizations will set up booths, 
tablcsand displays dealing with gay 
and lesbian issuesancl will seD items 
connected with W pop-cullure. 
Reddy predicted thai the fair will be 
a "wonderful highlight" of the week. 
Diwnlty 

Reddy described the second 0b-
jective of :'True Colon" as an at-
tempt to "help gays, lesbians and 
bisexuals on this campus leam of 
their cullW'C, their history. " 

ZingareUi noted thal the stere0-
type of the gay white male still 
persists, and that even many mem-
bers of the homosexual community 
are unaware of !he diversity exist-
ing in gay cultwe. 

"By focusing 00 diversity, we 
are focusing on people of color, 
we're focusing 00 women's issues," 
ZingareUi said 

"Ilhink that a lot of people have 
the misconception thal most gay 
poopIcare young," remarlced Calvi, 
" I mean, I had thai misconception, 
and when J first.. met a man wHo 

WI5 70 yars old IIlII PY. it flipped 
me OUL I bad never connected the 
two." 

Reddy. who, along with activist 
Tony Valenzuela, pve alectuleon 
Wednesday entidcd "OUI': What's 
it aU about?," said the spectrum of 
evcoII featured this week helped 
him appm;iate the "variant cultures 
within this cultwe. " 
0bIUdcs 

For UCSD's gay and lesbian 
COImIunity, the level ofundcrsland-
ing and awareness is srill far from 
satisfactory. The LOBA off'JCe still 
rec::eivesan occasional hatc-caII,Mx1 
tbeirfJyersarescmetimes tom down 
or defaced. 

When students in a class snicker 
upon mention of a gay novelist. 
LGBA members point this out as 
evidence thal many in lhe ~ 
sexual community still do not un-
derstandand are WlCOmfortablc with 
the issue of homosexuality. 

"Many (lesbian and gay] people 
don't feel like they can fully partici-
pate in some of the social things that 
occur at the university," said Ouis-
tine Oakley, an ildministratorat SIU-
denlHealth Scrviceandactingchair-
pcrsonofthe Lesbian Gay Bisexual 
Faculty Staff Association. 

Oakley also noted that UCSD 
facultyaodstaffmembers who have 
same-sex companions do not enjoy 
the same benefits, such as health 
prograrm, offered through the uni-
versity'to married faculty and staff. 
1bc LGBFSA will be sponsoring a 
petition regarding this issue at 
Sunday's cooununity fair. 

LGBA members said they hope 
to dispel misunderstandings notonly 
within the .. straight" conununity, 
but within the homosexual one as 

Tbunday, Januuy 30, 1992 

weD. Many within lAY ..t1cstUn 
circles regard bisexuals as "fence-
siners. .. according to ZinpreUi and 
Calvi. A worbhop on "hi-phobia" 
willlddress Ibis issue. 

A workshop Friday afternoon 
caUed"Learherands&M"wiUscek 
to promote better appreciation of a 
subculture regarded by many in the 
gay community as deviant. 
AIDS 

Missing from the many titles in 
the "True Colors" line-up is a four-
letter word, AIDS, thal has in ttte 
past ten years ~ associated 
with homosexuality. One of the rea-
sons for this, said Zioprelli, is that 
AIDS Awareness Week is next 
week, duril18 which a segment of 
the AIDS Memorial Quilt will be 
displayed at the Price Center. 

The juxtaposition of the two 
awareness weeks has caused some 
concern lmOIlg mcmbersofLGBA. 
ZingarelJi pointcdout that .. so many 
people already associate AIDS ex-
clusively with the gay community, 
and that is a very dangerous miscon-
ception. " 

But he also noted thal the quilt, 
which is a large conglomeration of 
smaller, personalizedquilts made in 
tribute to AIDS victims, was made 
largely by the gay community for 
the'gay commWlity, and its beauty 
outweighed any concerns that the 
timing of AIDS Awareness Week 
would reinforce !he inaccurate ~ 
tion that AIDS is an exclusively gay 
disease. 

Organizers of "True Colors" re-
port !hat participants from gay and 
lesbian organizations at other uni-
versities, such as Mesa Community 
College and San Diego State, have 
been "impressed" with the program . . 

The UCSD JOURNAL OF UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH 

GET PUBLISHED 
We will accept your research 
papers for any major, in any field, 
including critical essays, expanded 
tel'Ql papers, condensed senior or 
honors theses. 

) '-'.~. We will also publish photos. This year's theme is growth, 
Entries should he black • • 

.-

and white photos, 5x7. 

Dladll.I" I'IIIII'CIl DIIII'S and Photos Is 
frida" FeInIry 7. 

Dladll .......... Is Friday, fIRIrr 21. 
Pllase sublln .... ID ... US innis Dlllee In 

.... Prla c.a.. 3rd n ... 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT 
Any questions? Dial 534-3917 . 

9 SPORTS 

KEEPM 
SCORE 

~101: 
ChImps Be SkuIs 
I '0 REAll.Y UKE TO BE A sportswriter, but I don't want to have to go through law 

school. 
You heard me. You've got to 

be a lawyer to understand the 
sports world these days, and I'm 
not talking about the Sam Spital/ 
Bike Injury Lawyer kind of 
lawyer. I'm talking about the LA: 
LAw, Matlock, p,erry Mason kind. 

In November, we saw noted 
Kingdome slugger Kevin Mitchell 
arrested for rape, then released 
Before that, we witnessed 
Steinbrenner's "Are you now, or 
have you ever been associated 
with a noted gamblerT' incident 
We had Pete Rose's gambl~ 
rama. This month it's Iron Mike 
(referring not to his endurance but 
to what's between his cars) Tyson, 
in couJ1 in Indianapolis on rape 
charges. 

Since I'm not that interested in 
jurisprudence much beyond trying 
to tell the difference between 
Wapner and the guy on The 
Judge, I'm going to have to resort 
to the other kind of sportswriting: 
brutalJy attacking people who 
could kill you with their pinkie 
fmgers. 

It's easier than applying to law 
school. Here goes. 

W E OPEN ON a courtroom in the midwesL The baIlway 
to the cowt is filled with a mob of 
people, hoping to catch a glimpse 
of the elusive villain. When they 
fmalJy catch him, it rums OUI that 
this wasn't the first time he had 
done the evil deed. He'd done it 
repeatedly, and not just in this one 
midwestern city. 

He's been on the cover of a 
large weekly newsmagazine. He's 
been the subject of sick jokes by 
Jay Leno, David Lenennan and 
others. 

This is a riddle, foUes. Who am 
I talking about? 

Trick question. I could either 
be talking about a sports hero, 
someone they name Nintendo 
Games after, or J could be talking 
about Jeffrey DaIuner. 

Do you suppose that "Jeff 
Dahmer's Skull-Peclin' II" will be 
available next to "Mike Tyson 
Boxing" anytime soon? Doubtful. 

T HEN AGAIN, PEJUtAPS the reason Dahmer's not gelling 
all the good stuff that Tyson gets 
is because he doesn'l have good 
management I'm S~ Don King 
would have no problem taking 
over Dahmer's account, though. A 
principled man, that Don. 

In Milwaukee, they're trying a 
man accused of being a serial 
killer. In Indianapolis, they're 
trying a man accused of being a 
serial bunocks fondler. I'll granl 
you there's a difference in severity 
here. But not a huge one. 

But if you check the jurispru-
dence news. you'll find two big 

See SCORE, Pap 11 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 30,1992 

Tritons Run Streak 
To 10 with 67-62 Win 
• UCSD squeaks by 
Occidental; jumps to 
fLfth in the rankings 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

1bc UCSD men's basketball 
team isn't used to close games-
especially again t Division III 
team . 

Divisional challenges have 
been few and far between for the 
Tritons in recent years and few 
people thought thllt Tuesday 
night's game against Occidental 
College would be much different. 

Earlier in the week UCSD Head 
Coach Tom Marshall assened that 
the Tigers were not a team to be 
taken lightly. Marshall knew what 
he was talking about. 

In what has been one of the 
Tritons' closest games to date, 
UCSD was able to escape a late 
run by Occidental and scrape by 
the Tigers 72-67 on Tuesday to 
earn its 10th win in a row and 
remain 9-0 against Division III 
foe . 

UCSD came out on fire and 
behind 51 percent shooting in the 
first half jumped out to a quick 
l 8-point lead midway through the 
period. 

TIle Tritons' offense soon went 
sour, however, as UCSD began to 
miss some easy shots. 

TIle Tigers were able to con-
veil the oppollunities into points 
as they ballled back to within six, 
35-29, at the half. 

"I just don't think our focus 
was there," Marshall said of the 
period. "[Occidental) was play-
ing with reckless abandonment 
and we were rushing our offense 
[and) making foolish mistakes." 

UCSD did little beller in the 
second half as the smaller Tigers 
squad remained content to con-
nect from outside. Tor Myhren hit 
four of five three-point attempts 
fort he game for Occidental as the 
Tigers actually outscored the Tri-
tons 38-37 for the half. 

Jeff Muir and Phil 

Cttx:k NgyuenIGu.Ya,w, 
Chris Moore had 13 points in UCSO's win over Occidental Tuesday. 

Early on, though. the game 
. looked like it was going to be 
another cakewalk for the Tritons. 

Engebretsen, who also happen to 
play for the Occidental football 
team. were able to fi ll up the 
middle for the Tigers and cont rib-
ute 15 points apiece but were still 

See M. HOOP, Page 14 

Basketball 
Looking for 
Improvement 
• PrevIew: Head Coach 
Judy Malone wants Tritons 
to reach potential 
By Grea Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

Heading intoFriday's game at Point 
Lorna Nazarene College, women's 
basketball coach Judy Malone has 
more questions than answers: how to 
gea an inconsistent offense to fire on 
all cylinders; what to do when injuries 
sideline key players; and how to make 
the team come together and play to its 
potential. 

Considering the team's grueling 
schedule, it is not hard to sec why the 
Tritons are 9-6 on the year. Appar-
ently the committee that detennines 
the rankings agrees - UCSD is cur-
rently ranked fourth in the WesL 

Despite the high ranking, Malone 
isanythingbutsatisficdwithherteam's 
perfonnance this year. 

"We had hoped to be able to take 
the CIarlc game (a 7.S-SO loss). We 
wanted that one pmty bad, but they 
wanted it more. And then I thought we 
could beat Biola in the rust game, but 
we 1051 by one," Malone said 

Aside from the tough losses, 
Malone is also unhappy with the gen-
erallevel of play from hertearn so far. 
... think we have a lot of work to do. 
Our defense is not as good as it should 
be this point of the season. Neither is 
the offense." 

1be biggest causcsofthe problems 
have been two costly injuries to Triton 
tearn leaders. 

Point guard Kathleen Alvarez was 
sidelined forlhe first half of the season 
with an ankle injury. As a result of 
that, the Tritons' offense has had 

See W. HOOP, Pace 10 

CIlJd< NgyuenlGu.Wian 
UCSO's Brian Baskin will be a key man for the Tritons in the 4()().yard 1M Saturday against Kenyon. 

Swimming Looks Ahead to Kenyon 
• Preview: Tritons take 
on top Division ill team 
Saturday M home 
By Suzanne Porush 
Staff Writer 

TIle UCSDswimminganddiv-
ing teams wilJ take on Kenyon 
College, one of lhe most success-
ful athletic teams in NCAA his-
tory, on Saturday, in what is ex-
pected to be the most exciting 
dual meet ever to be held at 
Canyonview pool. 

"'This is the biggest dual meet 
in the history of Division m swim-
ming and diving," said UCSD 
Head Coach Doug Boyd. 

Accordingto DarreD Swenson, 
assistant coach for the Tritons, 
both Boyd and Kenyon Head 
Coach Jim Steen have been wort-
ing together on the meet fonnat to 

set up match races in each event. 
''TIle meet should come down to 
the last relay and it will be incred-
ibly exciting to watch," said 
Swenson. 

1be coaches have also cut the 
meet so only the teams' top 13 
swimmers will compete instead 
of the usual 18 versus 18. 

"Weareexpectingalotofgood 
swims," said Swenson. 

The men's team from Kenyon 
CoLJege has captured 12 consecu-
tive NCAA Division IU National 
Championships. Starting in 1980, 
the Lords have set the record for 
the most consecutive titles won 
by any team in any division. 

Similarly, the past eight 
women's national titles have been 
captured by Kenyon's women's 
team. 

Steen has coached both men' 
and women' ssquads from Kenyon 

during their amazing winning 
streaks and has earned an NCAA 
record for the most national titles 
won by a single coach. 

TIle Tritons have been consis· 
tent competition for Kenyon, but 
have been unable, as of yet, to 
break the Lords' firm hold on the 
Division ill title. UCSD's men 
have been second to Kenyon twice 
and have placed third at NCAAs 
seven times since 1980. 

UCSD's women's squad has 
been even more uccessful. with 
five second-place finishes and two 
third-place finishes. 

The Kenyon men's team is led 
by John Landreth, national cham-
pion in the 200-yard individual 
medley and 1000yard bUllertly, 
and Brian Dowdell, holderofthe 
Division III 50-yard and 1000yard 
freestyle titles. 

See SWIM, Page 14 
L-______________________________________________ ~ 



10 SPOR.TS 

KEVIN 
COSTNER 

IIJl1ll1lu 

JFK 

The UCSD Ganim 

NOW PLAYING 

W.HOOP 
CantInued ......... 9 
trouble finding a rhythm. 

The bad luck continued when 
UCSO's top SOOI'eI', Cari Young, in-
j~ her knee. Y 0UDg had knee sur-
gery over Wimer Break, and is just 
begiMing to get back 10 100 percent 
effectiveness. 

"Right now, we're just starting to 
get everybody back and healthy and 
able to play," explained Malone. 

The Tritons' game apinst Point 
Lorna on Friday should be a good 
indicator of how far UCSD is from 
reaching its potential. 

The Tritons lost to the Crusaders 
66-44 on Jan. 4 after shooting only 37 
percent from the floor. 

"We worked real hard on offense 
this week. We just have to get our 
shooters to talce the open shots. They 
haven't been taking them and we have 
a tendency to go inside a little bit too 
much," Malone said 

'Ibunday, January 30,1992 

ThedefensiveeffonapinstPoint 
Lorna last time was the Tritons' 
only hishlighL "We played really 
good defense last time. tt said 
Malone. "We held them to 66 and 
they had been scoring in the 8(k " 

The Tritons have aheigr. adVaD-
.rageovertheCrusaders,andMalooc 
plans on taking the ball inside. 

"I know they 're a little bit quicker 
than we are, so it win be to our 
advancage to just walk the ball up 
and pound it in to the postS. ThaI 
will let our shooters get involved 
when they try and rocate down to the 
posts," the coach said. 

Defensively. UCSO knows what 
it needs to do. "Lasl game we were 
able to take them out of their team 
offense and make them drive on 
their own," said Malooc. 

The Tritons need the win, and 
Malone is clear on what it will take 
to get that victory. "It's just got to be 
determination. We just have to guts 
it out and really want it" 

LETIER TO THE SPORTS EDITOR 

Ko's "BIts Be PIeces" are Demented 
Editor: 

I am writing in response to Peter 
Ko's''Sits& Pieces" in your Jan. 23 
edition. I am thoroughly disgusted 
and outraged that this sick, demented 
attempt at humor by poking fun at 
such a tragic death of a basketball 
player could be printed I am refer-
ring to the "Ernest Killium? Yikes" 
cnding to the article. EamcstKillium 
died of a stroke. Death is an ex-
tremely persona1 and touchy sub-
ject and by writing this, Peter shows 
not only that he has no compassion 
for the human life, but by mocking 
the situation in a humor column he 

only encourages others to take these 
situations as cold heartedly as he 
docs. Is he mentally disturbed or 
just stupid and incornpassionale? 
Either way, I demand that Peter Ko 
should step down or be removed 
from his postion in theGUQI'dian for 
his actions and demented morals; 
and believe me, many others feel 
the same way I do. 

Joo Rubenstein 
Adam Lombardo 

ChrilEmery 
Kevin KinipIeing 

.Dan-oo Tarioka 

IBM 

'Ibunday, January 30,1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 

Ralls ..... Rep~. 
-s-. ........ YO,"' .. IIIlW IT IIW_~ 

,_ AIAlHO WIllI YOUl lOAMI, TIM .. ICHOOL, 
.-.au..YOU"~"TUCSD,_ 
AND _ ~ '10: s.o.n EDmla. UCSD 
ou....,...,.. 9500 0..- DomI 0316. Lo. Jot.u. 
CA 92091'()116. You CAN AUO ... rr_ ...... 
Sroan Eorroa'i lOX AT nom ov ......... ~ 
1.OCA ........... s~c.n-.AC.-_ .... 
OYM. 

.Au. ucso ~ n_ ...... PAC\LTY 
AUILIOIILIt TO_1XCSPf POaOu_ n_ 
.... _ ..... DIPLOYUS ~ BJ'I CIucAoo Pa:za-
..... 

.1'H£ ....... WHO ~ UI' """ ". NOn 
COUI!CT AHSWIU, AS DET1laNINED IY nil! 1UIlOES. 
'fiLL as DI!CUA&) 'hE O&AND PRIZE WJtfHIil AND 
WLL iii UICOON1ZII> _ 'OIl! QUIZ IS PUmiD 'OIl! 
fOU.OWINO WUL IN THE IIVI!N'r()ft A .... II. D&AWIN(J 
WLL IE HDJ) TO no:na_ l1II! WI<IEL TIIOIIi 
toaaIKT EN"RaS M)f SEI...IiCTm AS". O&AICO PaID 
WIN1IEa wu.. R a::JNYlEaBD IUJNNIU.-UP. 

oOM,v 0IIII E>I11lY .......... ,. QUIZ. No 
NASS-PIIOIlUCID IIIIftIU WlU.IIi.ICCD'fSD- EHraas 
wun iii AT". au ....... IV NOON W_Y. 

-THE OL\IIID f"I.IZI W ..... wu.. UCIIV& A flU! 
DI'IHEIt POR TI>'O AT 81 ' s 0ucA00 I'IzzIIIuA. RUN-
NaSoU, WLL IIlCIiM! A ... rntHIIt or Mooa.oe 
DkAI'T _.()jt IOOA. AT 81 ·s. LOCA1W) IN Lo.Jou.. 
VIU.AOe SQuAlL A un ~ AU. ..-. WLL ar; 
PCW1D) AT BI ts EAOI WIlD: AN) 'ffWIi8S NDD ro 
SHOW ~TION TO Q.A ... NIlES. 

This week's questioos: 
I, Who was the MVP of Super 
Bowl XVI? 
2. Which professional boxer is cur-
rently on trial for rape in lndianapo-
lis? 
3, Who are the staning guards for 
the WestemConference in the 1992 
NBA All-Star game? 
4, What university did the Boston 
Ccltics' Lany Bird ancnd? 
S. What two events make up the 
biathlon? 
6. What relief pitcher did the Pa-
dres recently acquire from the Cin-
cinnati Reds? 
7. WhatNHLteamdoesBreuHull 
play for'? 
8. Where is the professional foot-
ball HaIl of Fame? 
9. Who one the 1992 Australian 
Open in women's singles? 
10. As ofJan. 30, 1992, what is the 
win strealc of the UCSO men's bas-
ketball team? 
Last week'. qlllldaal' 
L Including [last] weekend's 
game, how many SupcrBowls have 
there been? XXVI 
2. Who is the new fOOlball coach 
at Stanford University? BiD WaIIIb 
3. As of Jan. 23, 1992 which team 
bas the best record in the NBA? 
Cbica&o Bulls 
4. As ofJan. 23, 1992 which team 
bas the worst record in the NBA? 
MlnlM'8Ota Tllllberwulves 
S. What is the name of Hartford's 
NHL team? Whalen 
6. Who is the head coach of the 
1992 United States Olympic bas-
ketball team? Chuck Daly 
7. WhoisClJlTCntlytherop-ranked 
men's tennis player (singles) in the 
world? Stefan EdberJ 
8. Who is the starting quanerback 
forthe Washinafon Redskins?Mark 
Rypim 
9. What is the mascot of Duke 
University? Blue DeYII 
10. Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD men's voUeyballIellll?Rod 
WIlde 
Last week', winner: 
Eric Schreiber, Muir, Sophomore, 
Political Science - Encino, CA 
RlUlDel"Hlp: 
List of 6 posted at 81's 

SCORE 
ConIInuM .......... 9 
trials: DaImer and Tyson. It's sort 
oflikeBeay Broderick and William 
Kennedy Smith: one's death, the 
other is rape. 

Either way, it's not what the 
spans world needs. Sports fans 
shouldn't have to pronounce big 
words (likejlUisprutknct, for one), 
and shouldn't have to understand 
the intricacies of the courtroom. 
They want to sec trials likc this: 

PERRY MASON: Admit it, Mr. 
Kelly . You played the way you did 
so your friend John Elway could 
fcc1 better about his Super Bowl 
perfonnancc. 

JIM KElLY: No! ThaI's not true! 
MASON: Admit it. Kelly. You 

did it for Elway, and for Scott 
Norwood. 

KElLY: Norwood? 
MASON: Isn't it true that you 

told Mr. Norwood that after you 
were done with the Super Bowl. he 
could sell his Kevorkian 
SloepMaster 2000? 

KElLY: Yes, I admit it! It's true! 
And it would have worked, too, if it 
weren't for you meddling kids! (He 
focuses his hateful stare on the dog 
tags of Scooby-Doo before collaps-
ing in tears,) 

That's what sports fans should 
see. That, and maybe some Matlock 
reruns. And thats what sportswrit-
ers should be writing. 

To repeat what I said: I'd really 
like to be a sportswriter. But 

Here's the other but: ... But I 
doo't want to realize how dense 
some of the sports rtalitrs really 
are. When I wrote my SC8Ihing col-
UJTUl about UNL V a year ago, sug-
gesting that perhaps Tarkanian's 
boys weren't really on the 
up-and-up,1 received a threatening 
phone call. (Maybe I should go to 
law school, just so I could realize 
how many laws these guys were 
breaking by threatening me, and 
how much more they'd break if they 
actually did kick my ass for saying 
those things about UNL V.) True, 
the guy probably couldn't have even 

The UCSD Guardian 

spelled "UNL V," let alone 
"Tarkanian," but he still intruded 
into my private life. 

Anothcrreason to not be a sports-
writer is because they have to deal 
with people who, for whatever rea-
son,just don't understand what you 
write. Now, when I wrote a column 
suggesting that Mike Tyson and Don 
King were involved in voodoo, I 
didn't expoct people to understand 
it Hell. I didn't understand it 

But talce Peter Ko's "Bits and 
Pieces" colUlM, which has appeared 
in this publication for over a year. 
He ends it with a Ko trademark: 
"yikes. tt It's a word that sounds like 
it came stnUght out of Scooby-Doo, 
so you'd figure that these people 
would understand what it means. 
"Yikestt is, of course, a word one 
utters when one is surprised or 
stunned by something. It's like a 
verbal gulp, or the word "wow. " 

Ko has used his "yikes"to cover 
all sorts of subjects, from the hu-
morous to the serious. Among the 
"yikes" have been Willie Shoemaker 
(after his car accident), Mike Tyson 
(after he was accused of rape), and 
the yikes of the entire year of 1991 
was Magic Johnson, Obviously. a 
"yikes" isn't meant to be a laugh 
riot. It's meant to be a reference to a 
stulUling event. 

So when Ko uyikesed" Earnest 
KiJlum, the Oregon State basketball 
player who died after a stroke, he 
didn't expect much to happen. 
Killum had been warned about his 
medical condition, and said he 
wanted to play. 1ben he died. 

It was tragic and shocking. When 
[heard about it, my initial response 
was probably to say "yikes." 

However, the Guardian received 
a letter that not only took exception 
with KiUum being a "yikes" sub-
ject. but demanded that Ko be re-
moved, not from the column, but 
from the whole newspaper. 

Maybe I don't really want to be 
a sportswriter. 

Sure, the games are fun. But the 
chimps you have to deal with can be 
hell. 

Jeffrey Daluner? Yikes. 

MUIR FRESHMEN 
a TRANSFER ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 
Obtain a job referral form at Part-Time Employment and 

bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS. 
.,....... for ~ FrtdIIy,,....,..., 7 

This Is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job. 

LATIN 
AMERICAN 
CULTURE NIGHT 

SAT FEB 1 INT'L CENTER 
7pm-1am 

LIVE MUSIC from Ecuador, Mexico, Brazil 
DANCING, REFRESHMENTS 

Students $2, Public $3 Must be 21 
Graduate School 01 InternatIOnal RelatlOns/Pacilic Studies 

SPORTS 11 

The "Sun" is always shining at 
3251 Holiday Ct. 
1204 Trim & Tan call ":J::I.u~ru (nearUCSD) 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

'Flrsr rime clients only wlfn rills coupon. 

~~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
call 101' delails • 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

SYST~ME 

Lose 6" Gua .... teed! 
European Body Wrap--Only $48 
No! a tremporaty water IOsa ' Reduce callui le and stretch marks 

@ (!J n 11! CUTS 
ByTAWNYAOF 

ESSENCE SALON 
on~ $11~. 

includes: shampoo & precisicn haircut 
blow dry and styling $.4 exira 

.lCBIOLAGE. HiUtes & Perms $45 (including haircut) ByWlllrtx· 
3251 HOUDAYCOURT,SUm201 LAJOUA 4539477 
Above St. Germain's liquor & Deli • 

--:;-------------,-----1 
. . . . . .. :. I 

I;;:;:~~ }BEK& 

: .. . .. ' .. .". I 
' ': I 

f 
I 
I 

L~~!!:!.-~ ______ --________ J 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

; CARDIFF REEFER~ ~ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
.. 

SATURDAY, FEB. 

BVM~~~~~E~~H P.8. 
doors open at 9 p.m. 

• 
• 

I : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• For More Information Call 272-1241 

• • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

r • 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
VOLUNTEER at A.S. INTERNSHIP 
OFFICEI Gain interpersonal and 
general office skills; make contacts; 3 
hrsIweek. ~. (tI27-213) 
A..SJ_O. INTERNStiPSI Apply nowl 
Deadlines: Spring (SO) and Summer 
(NaDlal)-1131 ; Summer (CA)-217. 534-
4689. (1127-1130) 
Vail '92 AlI-CaJ windbreakers !of sale at 
RISC table in Price Center. Tue-Fri, 10-
1. (1127-1130) 
DlSSEATATIOHWORKSHOPS.. Sad 
in the process? For written information 
or scheduling call 692-0966 . 
Pos1graclJate Group. (1130-3112) 
STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTAAUA. 
Information on semester. ~, graclJate, 
summer, iV1d i1ternsHpprogramsin PertI, 

Townsv~le, Sydney, and Mebourne. 
Programs sWt at $3520. CalI-800-87B-
3696. (1f30.2110) 

These 
people must like you! 
Please find their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ........ ..... 450-3323 
UCSDEATS 
Ashoka Indian Cuisine .454-6263 
BJ's Pizza .............. ..... .455-0662 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .456·BREW 
Papachino'S ................. 546-7666 
Yakimono .................... .452-4255 
Salsa Rio .... .. ................ 453-4050 
Heidi's ....... ................... 450·3044 
La Salsa ...................... .455·7229 
Domino's ... .. ........ .. ...... .452-UCSO 
Choices ........................ 554-FOOD 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............ 695-1990 
Roben·s ........... ............. 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450·9494 
Suspension Plus ... ....... 558·8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair. PB ........... 273-2887 
Years Ahead ......... ....... 546-7666 
Rocco·s. UTC ............... 4SS-0420 
Essence Salon .......... ... 453·9477 
We Care Hair ............... 587 -cun 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ................ ... 455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer ...... .... 560'()325 
Azita Electrolysis .......... 454-6980 

UCSDHEALTH 
amNESS 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Rower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
College Tours .. ...... ... .... 455.()747 
UCSD ETC. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m_ Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p .m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but nOllimited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, LaloLla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

LOST AND FOUND SERVICES 
FOUND-Calcutator. in Galbraith Hall. TUTORING-math. physics. computer 
Call Wayne 534·0599. Identify and programming. engineering. Help with 
daim. (1127-213) homework. Prepare for tests. MatX. 221 -
$50 reward for my black. Schwinn High 
Sierra mountain bike. STOLEN 1121/ 
92, Yorl< Hall. 278-5174. (1127-2127) 
Found bike helmet in Galbraith Hall . 
Call 534-3311 to Identify. (1123-1130) 
LOST: WatCh. Oali ·Persistence of 
Memory· face , Muir & HSS area. 
Rewardl Call John 452·2645. (1130) 
LOST: Fifth College first class grey 
sweatshirt extra large. Sentimental 
value. Reward. call 587-8771 . (tI30-21 
3) 
LOST: black knee brace 1124192. Has 
two velcro strips. Please call David 483-
7058 if found. (1130-213) 

Bean Futons 
Bags 4 

$17'5:, Less 
WHOlESAlf 

PRICES 
MANUFACTURER 

DIRECT 

High-end 
futons at 
low/low 
prices 

AYAILAILII 
1lAN1A. IAIGI 

Futoos For Less • The Iw B.ls Mill 
8266 Miramar Rd. 

578-5745 

7176. (1/9-2110) 
Psychic - Tells past. prllsent and 
future. specializing In rpun"II'g the 
separate. On f'tle qUI;;~I.OI\. Phone: 
294-2012. (1121-1130) 
PASSPORT PICTURES! New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. NearSt. Germain·s. 
452-9949. (9123-6/4) 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-46441226-1962. 
(1/6-3112) 
PIANO LESSONS can be funl Patient. 
experienced. local teacher. All levels 
welcome. Joan KUrland. 457-8065. (11 
16-2110) 
GUITAR LESSONS. for people serious 
about learning. or advancing present 
skillS. $201hour. 270-9784. (11121-11 
30) 
Having a bad hair day?Call "The Cure" 
haircuts - men $10. women $15. 
Appointment 558-4656. (1121-3112) 
MOBILE OJ's - Hire KSDTs PARTY 
PACK for your next party or event. Low 
rates. 534-3673. (1I2t-1130) 
RESUMES . Professional word 
processing servle will make you look 
good! Pages Plus 452-1240. (1127-1/ 
30) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers. resumes . Laser orml ing , 
spellcheck . 2 50 DS page . 
Experienced. Rel iable. InpuVoulput 
587-0080. (1130·2113) 

USED 
LEVIS 

New, Leather 

BIKER 
JICKRS 

from $99 
_VIII_GAIl 
-Retro thrv 21 st Century-

Hawaiian • Militory •. 
Flower Power • Cool shades & 

T-shirts 
COS1UMIS 

'AI18AII'. 
~879~ A ..... , 0 .' . 2H-t220 

CHILDCARE. Experienced. licensed. 
caring mother. 3 min from UTC. UCSO. 
Reasonable rates . References 
available. 558-20426. (1/30-2113) 

FOR SALE 
Plane tid<et. PorUand. Oregon. one way. 
11 a.m. Feb. 8. AmWest. $60 OBO. 
Chris 457·8165. (1127-1130) 
PUPPY: Rottweiler. 8 weeks, male.AKC 
and shots. $400. Have all papers. 792-
2392 (1121-1130) 
Black 81 Volkswagon Cabriolet. 5-sp. 
inc. $800 Denon pullout stereo. 71 K 
mites. Must seel $3.689 or B.O.-
surfboard 6'5". G.C. Fulltractop leash. 
Styling blue green fade airbrush. $150. 
Brian 551 -8709. (1127-1130) 
Vail '91 All-Cal shells for sale at RISC 
table in the Price Center. T ue· Fri. 10-1 . 
(1127-213) 
For sal&-1984 Caprice Ctassic. good 
condition. AlC + cassette ptayer. new 
brakes and new wiring. Brown deluxe 
mobile, fits 26 passengers. Asking 
$1500 OBO 597-0681 . (1127-1130) 
Blanci mountain bike wI lock. Good 
condition. $225. Call Zakat 259-1287. 
(1127-216) 
Futon & 4-position frame. Never used I 
$100; ooffee & end tabtes. $25 & $30. 
587-0095. (1 /6-1/30) 
1970VWBug. Good engine. $5500.b.o. 
528-9530 (1121-1130) 
Must sell 1980 VW Rabbit. Fuel 
injection. Great condition. $1500 o.b.o. 
Call 454-4966 mornings/afternoons, (1/ 
9-3112) 
VW Rabbit 7 9 Auto. good engine. 
excellent body. need trans reseal. $650 
o.b.o. 459-8162. (1/13-1130) 
SIOUXSIE TIX FEB. 4 Good Seats. 3 at 
cost. Call 558-2594 or 558'6662 (1/21-
213) 
'86 Chevy Sprint. aulo. air. AMlFMcass. 
warranty, 45 mpg. xlnt condo $3200 
o.b.o. 583-5141. (112~2110) 

Dresser. solid mapte: $50. G-string 
acousticguilar: $75. Paut296-5359. (11 
23-213) 
1974VWBug. $14000b0. New brakes. 
recent tuneup; good body. tires. AMI 
FM cassette. 276-1039. (1130) 

EXCELLENT 
PART-TIME 

JOBS 
Kearny Mesa Area 

Cal Copy ... ................... 452·9949 
Music Trader ................ 693-1 469 
Bonzai Bungee ............. 988-7272 

~~a1.~ ~~1~ ~~~ to the JotN AMERICA'S LEADING T ElE-MARKETING CoMP~Y. WE REPRESENT CHILDREN'S BOOK 
CLUBS ~o NOH-PAOfIT 

ClRGANIZA TIONS. Paper Trends ...... ......... 450·9291 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270-3680 
Video Gallery .............. .452·1 766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
Futons 4 Less .............. 578-5745 

New Initiates 
of 

Delta Delta 
Delta Gamma 

Lambda 
Chapter 

Winter 1992 

Flexible School Hours 
APPLIC~TS .... ST HAVE A POSITIVE 

ATTITUDE ~o A ClEAR sPEAKING 
VOICE. 

Guaranteed Salary 
EARN TO $15 ~ HOUR 

FOR INFORMATION ~o INTERVIEW 
CONTACT SHARON DEAN 
MON.·FRI. 571-1672 

Thursday, January 30, 1992 

1987 Red Toyota Tercel. 80K , 
sheepskins. AMIFM cassette . 
equalizer. AIC. new brakes. struts. and 
dutch. ~idn' t break down once in last 5 
years. Reliable and fun. $3500 obo. 
Tana, 270-1.a8. (1/30-213) 
Surfboard. G-. eessel. Excellent 
condition. Clear. no B.S. $150. 481 -
50'03. (1130-216) 
Guitar enthusiasts - 12-string 
Takamine-Jasrnine acoustic guitar. 
hardy used, excellent condition. $250 
abo. SNny newl Call Bryan 488-()27 • . 
(1130-216) 
JVC car Itereo and two Pioneer 
speakers. Brand newl Sill In original 
box. $200. 558-8415. (1/30-213) 
CAR AMPLIFIER. Autotek 150 watts. ' 
.015% THO. $250. Matt 587-6631 . (11 I 
30) 
Cheap books. good shape. Psych 106 
$40, Physiology of Behavior. Bio 151 
541 , Human Physiology. CaII552-1154. / 
(1130-213) 
Airline ticket SO to Frankfurt leave 31 
15. Return 3/30. $470. Call 793-2683. 
(1130-213) 
Guitars: Steel string acoustic. Perfect 
condition. $75. 452-2085. (1130-2113) 
13" color television with remote. sleep 
function, and programmable channels. 
Excellent condition. $155. 558-9050. 
(1130) 
HP95LX Palmtop PC with built·in Lotus 
1-2-32.2 and 512K RAM. Brand new. 
Unopened. $450. Contact Ming: 450-
9130. (1130-213) 

WANTED 
CDs. cassettes, VHS movies. Top $$ 
paid. Music Trader. 7094 Miramar Rd. 
693-1469. (1127-3112) 
Wanted; teachers of piano. voice and 
guitar for part-time instruction. Highest 
rates paid, 944-5199. (1127-1130) 
FEMININE IRRITATION AND 
ITCHING? Joseph F. Kennedy. M.D .. 
and Harris Clinical Devetopment are 
testing a new cream for lreatlng 
vaginitis. Women with symptoms of 
vaginal discharge. irritatoin, itching and 
burning may be eligible to ~t.e. 
FIVe office visits are required during the 
5-week study period. A complete 
physical exam is provided at no charge 
and study-related care is free. Those 
completing the study will be paid $150. 
For further information. call Tracy 
Wilson. R.N .. at: 619-455-7520. 9:00-
4:00 Monday through Friday. (1123-21 
18) 
Baseball cards etc. - Collector will 
pay for sports memorabilia. Craig 753-
4140. (1/30) 
Wanted: Umpires for spring quarter for 
La Jolla little League. Excellent pay. 
Call Bryan 279-9177. (1130-2113) 
Male models. Built. defined for Playgirl 
submittal. $500. Photo to Box 34012. 
San Diego. 92163. (1130-2124) 
Can you write to me? I'm in Fla. death 
row. locked in a6x9 cell 24 hours a day. 
I could certainty use 8froJ human contact 
I can get. from people in the -Real 
World: Can you help? (1/30-213) 
Women volunteers needed for study 
on adaptation 10 life events. Answer 
questiomalres at home. Compensated 
for time. 943-1789. (1130) 
Art students. Need money? I need 
sketches of cats and dogs. F'1ease call 
Kathy 749-6091. (1130-213) 

LARGE PllVATt ROOIIS 
_ NO BURN· NO PEEL 
.. 'W, Lsave The 

~ In ",.,"'''_ r---------, 
,'FBETlN, 
: 25·Mllun : 
, SESSION 0' L __ ~~~ __ ~ 

(619)693-4022 
7190 Miramar Road, &ite E 109 

(belind Kenuky Fried Chltbn) 

Thunday, January 30,1992 

HOUSING 
Roommatewanted t..1IiIuI~ 
Del Mar. Own bedroom, Ihar8 bath, 
Close to ahopping, t.nIdng, beach. 
Washefldryet, ~, CIIbIe and 
much more. WF. non-smokerJdrugs, 
considerate. $4OOImonth + 113 utilities. 
792-7588. (1127-1130) 
Mission HiUslHillcrest-Own bdrm in 
3bdIl 112 bth house w/2grad students. 
1 mi. to UCSD Mad Clr, shuttle. Greal 
Iocation--Iess than 5 min. to India St .. 
uptown Hillcrest, downtown. PI. lama. 
15 min. to school. NI:e street, bkyd. 
garage, laundry, furnished Ivgrm. $2901 
mos + 113 util. 295-8457. (1127-113O) 
Female roommate wanted. Share 
spacious master bedroom. Cal 558-
0239. Only $230. (1127-1130) 
FemaleWWlladforownroomi13bedroom. 
tri-1ev91 oondo in La JoIa VIage Terns 
CIIb. Genge, pool, tennis. oourst. 1 block 
to bus. Cal Kate. Day 689-7255, night 
558-0239. $265. (1127-113O) 
Roommate wanted for 3-bedroom 
house in Birdrodt. Own bedroom/bath, 
WID. garage. patio. Greatlocation, near 
beach and busline. Grad student 
preferred. $400/mo. AVAILABLE 
FEBRUARY 1. 459-8896. (1127-1130) 
PacilcBeactl$780Newer2BOAI2bafls. 
AJappIicnle6,lan:lry. 2 car own parmg. 
dose UCSO. 292-9989. (tr.!7-113O) 
Roommate wanted. own room. wasMlry. 
pool. UTC area Only $290 792-2392 (11 
21-1130) 
Beautiful Universi1y City. 2 rooms avail. 
$325-$350 femaIeIrnaIe, non-smoking. 
deposit neg. Cal Joseph 453-4519 (1127-
1130) 
FACULTY OR EXECUTIV.E 
APARTMENT. Views of Soledad Creek 
and Torrey Pines Beach. Enjoy the 
weUands from your private balcony. 
Huge 2 or 3 bedrooms. Just like brand 
newl Call Barbara 599-0148. (1/6-1130) 
Room available in spacious 1700 sq ft 
townhouse. less than 1 mile from 
campus. Pool. fireplace. ptentyoffstreet 
parking. Non-smokers ptease. $3601 
month plus 1/4 utWities. JohnITom 296-
1386. (1123·216) 
Roommate(s)wlW1\ed. Master bedroom , 
own bath. Solana Beach area. Pool and 
jacuzzi $400-$500 (negotiable) . 259-
8891 . (1130-216) 
Share a charming Spanish-style 
apartment in Hillcrest. Own room, 
hardwood ftoors, walk to shuttle - only 
$325/month + 112 utilities. Call Laura 
(491-0614). (1130) 
Master bedroom av~able in beautiful 
LaJola CoIonycondo; attached garage, 
laundry inside. shared space fully 
furnished; looking for responsible, quiet 
student or professional. 5475/mo. + 1/ 
2 utilities. 558-2688. (1/30-216) 
Female roornrnaM wnad 10 .... fuIy 
flmlBhedcondow"WIIM1gclalln:etofn 
UCSO. Has own room. Only $385 + 112 
uIIIIeMno. Non-smokers. Cal Judy 558-
1534. Available ASAPI (1130-213) 
NEAR UCSO. Choose from four 2BR 
condos. La Jolla Village/Colony. 
garages. washer/dryers. AHP 695-
0980. (1/30-2110) 
ROOMMATE NEEOEDI Own room, 1/ 
.3~, $310. 2112 milesloC8rJ1lU8, 
'across from UTC. 450-3426. (1/30-21 
13) 
ROOM FOR RENTI 1/2 ml. from 
campus - $375 negotiable - no 
utilities. Calf EO 552-1506or 456-9638. 
(1/30-213) 
Solana Beach - oozy, 2 bedroom, 1 
bath. Oceanview, yard, garage. $7951 
month. Available now. 259-8217. (1/ 
30) 

Gorgeous La .lola home 11M a nice 
bedroom with private bathroom 
available now. Conv.-IIent Iocdon, 
fMIIIy erMoIment. $350 per monIh 
_101M ~ DepoIItlsnegaliable. 

PIeae~Lance424-4405(day),27o-
8123 ev.. (1130) 

EMPLOYMENT 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
poIiIiona. GnNiIbeneItI. Cal (800) 338-
3388, X P-3387 (1121-2113) 
SUMMER MANAGEIEHT I~ 
.. !nil ...... now~pIIIce. Gain 
vaklat:lleuper'.1M allIIIP8dB 

ofa.ocmtt.-~. Wligegrosa 
poll $112117. Laltc:twa for 1nIervIews. 
Cal Triple 'A' Student Pllntera for 
ilfDrn'll*lll now. 1~. (1116-
2127) 

The UCSD Guardian 

German tulor for informal tutoring of 
graduate studenl several hours a week. 
Call Lee 535-1734. (11302113) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

WENDY"S PRICE CENTER: p.,. time 
shifts available for fun and enthueIastic 
students. Flexible houra--wark around 
your class schedule. $5.oo.1Y to atar1 
and free meals. Call Kymbarteigh at 
450-9425. (1127-1130) 
ARE YOU EXPERIENCED in 
gymnastics? Put your knowledge to 
work as ahighldloolgymnastics judge. 
averaging SHi/tv. Own transportation 
necessary. Will train . For more 
information call Nina at 483·8191 . (11 
27-1/30) 

Carrel CotneIor: Roughing ~ Day catTl> 
in sF and East Bay is hiring for Summer 
19921 (510) 283-3878. Send resume 10 
P.q. Box 1266. Orinda. CA. 94563, (1130) 
Secretary/Clerical. Flexible hours -
perfect for student. Experience in Word 
PeIfect. T~.1eIephone. SaWs Ranch 
area. cal Marissa 586-1111 . (1/30-213) 

111is could have 
been yOU. 

Fund,...., looking for top fratamity. 
sorority,studentorganlzatlonthatwould 
like to earn $500-$1500 for one week 
on-carT1lUS marketing project. Must be 
organized and hard working. Call Marfa 
(BOO) 592-2121 ext. 112 or Melanie ext. 
124. (1127-1130) 
Enjoy financial freedom in reputable 
company making thousands of dollars 
at home from profit sharing and 
comissions. FREE details send name! 
address:TERRY"S, 5480 Redwood St. . 
San Diego, CA 92105 (1127·1130) 
Camp staff wanted for ACA accredited 
non-proflt girls resident camp. Strong 
skills in human relations and ability to 
work with girls. Resume to J. Fabsik. 
1231 Upas SI .. San Diego. CA 92103. 
298-8391 AAlEOE. (1116-1130) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
cruiseshlps, Students also needed 
Christmas, spring and summer for 
amusement park employment. Call 
(BOO) 338-3388, X F-3147. (1121-2113) 

PERSONALS 
Math tutoring at your convenence! Cal 
the Math Doctor (Tony Craddock) at 453-
772S. (1127-3112) 
Resident Advisor Applications for Fifth 
CoIege NOW AVAILABLE. DUE 2114. 
Pick up referral. Career SeMces. (1/13-21 
13) 
Delta Tau Delta - We're looking foIward 
to a "Heavenly" exchange with you I -
Delta Delta Delta (1130) 
Wcned: HIV positive individuals willing to 
be interviewed for student documentary. 
Anonymous or otherwise. 481 -3099. (1 1 
30-216) 
To Sigma Chi and our sister soroities. 
Good luck and ~y Derby Daysl Love. 

~ Omicron Pi. (1130) 
Regina. thanks for a most awesome ice 
cream social !l Lov yoU! AO 'SIS Alda-
Lyn. (1130) 

Management Internships nat( available Happy 5 years. Shelly. I love you so much I 
withCalifomia UniYersity Pain1ers. Highest Matt. (1130) 
eoming potential & largest territories. Call -----------
for AppIicationIInformation. 1-800-400- AKPsiCFI: Your brilianlgreen eyes make 
9332. (1130) my heart soar. XO AIaxandria. (1130) 

Over 30,000 people will read this 
little note from us to you. If you 
had placed an ad in this space, 
that would have been 30,000 
people reading about what you 
had to sell. 

Think about it. 
(Jack Handey has never been so proud.) 

FOR MORE INFORMATION, 
CALL 534-3466 

If either of these 
makes your pulse race, 

Having to get a.real job talk to us. and produce tomorrow's 
Isn't so bad. products. 

Not when there's a place where the We're involved in electronic design 
people get as pumped up about technol- automation, automatic test equipment, 
ogy as you do. telecommunications test, and custom 

A place where you work on real stuff connections. All four of our businesses 
light away. And red tape and bureaucracy are market leaders. 
are kept away. . Our work environment is, well, colle-

Of rourse, there is a catch. We only want glate. And among other great benefits, 
software and han:tware professionals who Uke we otfer an educational assistance plan 
to be on the Jeadlng 00ge of high technology. with 100% reimbursement-up front. 

That's because our business Is hel~ So talk to us. Or settle for a lob that 
Ing other high tech companies develop may tum out to be just work. 

CorpcnIe HIIcIquetters: BaIlon, MA ...." LocaIIona: Nallua, NH • ~, IL - Agourl Hills. CA • SantI Olrl. CA' Tokyo' Un~ed Kingdom 

We'll be on campus: February 12 



" 

,; 
, 

I 

14 SPOIlTS 

....--_~n·UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 

_ ~':.E.B.~~Y* 
• UO alDiaua pwthue • wi&hID 6 aile Ndi ... 01_ 

88 alwaYl,10% ~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

4IH545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 daya a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 

·~~Congratulation~i ~ to the new initiates of \ ~\ 
KAPPA KAPPA GAMMA \ 

Sarah Michelle Ansari 
Laurel Rene Au(muth 
Sara uzanne Billing lea 
Alii on Janet Booth 
Amy Beth Cummins 
Alison Michelle De Luca 
Rit Mon ica Fi cher 
Batshcva Wick Goldstein 
Jennifer Yaffa Grace Gold tein 
Anne Eugenia Gregory 
Rachel Sarah Holzbcrg 
Jenni fer Lynne Hostettler 
Amy arah Hut hins 
Ca mella Cora Jame 
Elizabeth Maria Kane 
Eva Diane King bury 
Terasa hay Lang 

!Jlowers de 9ijis 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

, an Diego. CA 92122 
558-6666 

Oanielle Ray Levine 
Cynth ia Tzin Tz~ Ling 
Erica Ann Maienschein 
Cori Diane Martin 
Kathy Bell McN~ill 
Karin Elizabeth Morris 
Julie Ann Muelle r 
Heather Renee Mygan 
Branden Colleen O'Gorman 
Kimberly Anne Procto r 
Holly Rene!! Ratelle 
Ash lie Lynn Ringel 
li a Pauline chneiderman 
Jill Suzanne Tommer on 

han non Grace Wei h 
Darci hawn Winvick 

FREE 
DOZEN 

CARNATIONS 
"Ith pun~ ,JSIO,,,m,If\' 
\ ,,1 ~ JIKJ I'olth .lll.'ICtx., oII'\..'I' 
EIp.2II:vJn • 

IT DOE NT TAKE A BRAIN SURGEON TO 

ACE THE MCAT 
IT TAKES A PRINCETON REVIEW STUDENT 

Average score increase of 40 percentile points 
Actual MCA T materials 
Fewer (han 10 students per class 
2 Full Length Diagnostic Tests 
2 H:tlf Length Diagnostic Tests 

Week comprehensive review of.all the facts you'll 
need to ace the MCAT 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

695-9952 
mE PRINCETON REVIEW-WE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

SWIM 
ContInued from .... 9 

h31lenging the Ohio power-
hou~c Ihi~Sarurda wil l he O's 
Travi Miller,lheNCAAchampion 
in the lOO-yard and 200-yard back-
strokes, along with TaylorSpangler, 
a returning All-American in both 
the loo-yard and 2oo-yard 
breasuoke. 

John Flowers, third-pIace fmisher 
at NCAAs last year in the lOO-yard 
fieesly1e and Brian Baskin, a top 
oompetitor in the 400-yard I.M., 
will also be banling it out against the 
Lords. 

Leading the Triton women's 
team this Saturday will be Sabrina 
Lwn, who has capt~ the NCAA 
title in the 200-yard butterfly and 
has contributed to tht: champion-
hip 800-~.lld !l l'~"I' I, 1,·1.11 

Abo k.IJlllg lit, I II lU ll' will be 
Jocelyn Rothbard, another member 
of the nationally v ictorious800-yard 
freestyle relay team and a national 
finalist in the ~yard. I OO-yard and 
200-yard freestyles. 

Other trong performers com-
peting thi Saturday will be All-
American freestylers Christy Parker 
and Jamie Couch, 310ng with an-
other AJI-American, 1M swimmer 
Cindy Miller. 

Kenyon' upe lru' trio of Jen-
nifer Caner. NCAA champion in 
the 200-yard 1M and the 200-yard 
breaststroke. Carolyn Peticolas, na-
tion31 title holder in the ~yard 
freestyle , and K.ri ty Stacy, NCAA 
champion in the 1000yard butterfly. 
will be defending their title at 
Canyonview. 

Mike Pahlood, who wam well 
at both the USC meet and at 
Oaremont, is looking toward a team 
victory. "Our ultimate team goal is 

M. HOOP 
ContInued fr m pill'!e 
unable to match up with UCSO's 
combination of Chris Moore and 
Rick Ban inside. 

"We did vel)' well in the middle," 
Marshall said 

Interestingly, one of UCSO's 
rna1Iest players, Rodney Lusain, 

led the team in rebounds, pulling 
down seven. 

Marshall explained that with the 
big men crashing the boards, Lusain 
was able to grab many of the long 
rebounds that popped out of the 
paint. 

Lusain 's rebounding total com-
plimented hi 12 points in the con-
test. 

Moore also yanked down seven 
boards for the Tritons, as well as 
knocking down 13 points for the 
night. 

UCSD guard John Spence went 
6 for 13 from the fiel d 011 tile evening 
to lead 311 Triton '<'01'<':1'\ with 15 

Thunday, Januuy 30, '1992 

~RIIPhoIo 
Doug ~ is expecting big results from Saturday's meet with Kenyon. 
to bear Kenyon," said Pahland. 

Unlike the Claremont mect, 
UCSO has been thoroughly prepar-
ing for this confrontation. "Most 
wimmers will have a s l ight rest for 

the Kenyon meet, but nolhing detri-
mental to Conference or NCAAs. 
We houldhavesomeNCAAquali-
fying swims this weekend," said 
Swenson. 

Couch, UCSO's record-holder 
in the women's ~yard freestyle, 
hopes to qualify for nationals at the 
Kenyon meet. "There hould be 
some good competition and with 
the way they are setting up the meet 
we will aJl be pu hed to wim our 
faste t ever," she said. " Hopefully 
we will get a good tumout to help 
support our efforts." 

Swenson has faith in UCSO's 
tudent body and alumni. " Despite 

several rumors, I think UCSO will 
have a larger cheering section thoo 
Kenyon." he said. 

points. 
Marshall was quick 10 giveOcci-

dental credit fora w~U played game. 
"They'reascrappyteam,"hesaidof 
the Tigers. "'They went in there and 
played hard." 

Marshall was not as pleased with 
his own team. 

"We certainly dido ' t play our 
best basketball," he said of the con-
test "We weren't prepared to go in 
there and fight hard. " 

In addition, Marshall asserts that 
games in which the Tritons lose 
focus are detrimental to UCSO's 
play-off hopes. 

"Games like [Occidental] don' t 
prepare us for tougher teams," he 
said. "Every player needs to comc in 
ready." 

Still , Marshall can't be anything 
but pleased with his team's 15-4 
overall record. 

TIle Tritons' win over Occidcn-
tal, combined with two losses last 
weekena by top-l1Il1ked Franldin and 
Marshall, have vaulted UCSO into 

UCSO's diving team is also pre-
paring both for a close diving com-
petition and Kenyon's traditionally 
large cheering section. According 
to Triton diving coach Tom Scotty, 
Kenyon has a strong tradition of 
upportive alumni, "But we need to 

do our best to match them in team 
upport. It 's our home pool. We 

should have our home advootage," 
he said 

"There i going to be a lot of 
good competition. It hould be a lot 
offun;' saiddiverJill Jackson. '1'hey 
will be sending a girl who won 
nationals two years ago." 

Triton All -American Ruth · 
Prange is also looking forward to 
the meet. " Like the swim meet. it 
will be a very close competition -
it will be a one-on-one meet. It all 
depends who dives their be t that 
day. We will di ve so much better if 
we get a good crowd out there sup-
porting us," she said. 

DIrI 
leading scorer John Spence. 
fifth overall in the Oivision ill na-
tional rankings. 

That is a jump of four places 
over last week's number nine posi-
tion. 

KSDT, 95.7 cable FM, will be 
broadcasting UCSD's next two 
contests. 1lIe first will be Friday, 
Jan. 31 against Whittier College 
at 7 p.rn. The second wiD be broad-
cast from Ch .... Heritage CoI-
.. on Tuesday, Feb. 4, also at 7 
p.rn. 

Interested in Writing? 
Col ... to IN» Gtutnlllll offices on 
the 8eCOild floor of 1118 old 
StLlCIlid C .. I_, or call 534 8580. 
The I£SD lkJardian. 
It's a whole new ballgame. 

Thunday, January 30,1992 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 15 

Improved Triton Volleyball Looks for 
Blocking, Revenge Against Irvine 

When lou're' 
part ° the 

nation's best 
sales force, 

you feel at home 
with success. 

• UCSD wants to pay Anteaters back for an early-
season loss in their home opener this weekend 
By CIIrt. ...... the offensive weighL This allowed 
Associate Sports Editor the Anteaters to kcy on Brown ood 

Things are beginning to look up preventtheTritonsfromgcttinginto 
forthe UCSDmen 's volleyball team. many scoring bursts. 

After getting three solid wins at Defensively, UCSD has been 
the UC Santa Barbua Invitational focussing on getting more blockers 
tournament last weekend. the Tri- in position quicker. 
tons play their home opener this "We're woriUng on the outside 
Saturday night against the Antcat- blockers getting establi hed in posi-
ers of UC. hvine. tion SO that the middle blockers can 

UCSD fell to the Anteaters ear- close to the outside," Wilde said 
tier in the season at Irvine in three Getting the middle blockers to 
straight games 15-13, 15-10, 15-5. the outside faster will help the Tri-
Triton Head Coach Rod Wilde felt tons ' defense to double-team the 
that one of the factors in that match Anteater smashes. 
was UCSD's lack of blocking, par- The Triton defense has to be 
ticularly in the third game. moving quickly on Saturday to stop 

Blocking is one area which Wilde the Anteaters' offensive attack. 
thinks has been greatly improved According to Wilde, "They have 
since the Irvine cootest. a real good attack. They don't make 

Effective blocking will be vital many errors." 
in the upcoming match with the Leland Quinn and Greg Amaya 
Anteaters as it will create scoring are two of the leading hiners forthe 
opportunities. Anteaters, and both hurt UCSO in 

"Blocking is how you score the first match. 
points," Wilde said. On the defensive end. Irvine is 

The Tritons' middle attack is an- also tough. 
otherdimension of their game which "They block quite well with their 
is on the upswing. size," Wilde explained. 

"Wc're quicker getting off the TheAnteaters'middleblockeris 
ground and to the ball," Wilde said 6-6 Chad Milling. 

A stronger middlc attack will Irvine is also coming off of a big 
also help UCSO's cause against Ir- five-game win at San Diego State. 
vine as it will open up other aspects Even with the Anteaters' weap-
of the offense. ons and momentum, Wilde feels 

IntheTritons' lastmatchagainst that the UCSB Invitational touma-
Irvine, Nate Brown carried most of ment gave the Tritons some J1l()-

mentum of their own. 
"We used a lot of different play-

ers, and most evel)'one responded 
weU." Wilde said. 

Wilde explained that the UCSB 
tournament was a great confidence-
builder for the Tritons not only be-
cause everyone got playing time, 
but also because the players got a lot 
of opportunities to play together. 

Wilde feel s that the tournament 
improVed both the team ' chemis· 
try and camaraderie. 

The Tritons will aI 0 gain addi-
tional momentum if a big crowd 
turns out for Saturday's game. 

"We' re going to need a big 
crowd. We've been gening better 
and now we're coming home. The 
guys want a chance to prove them-
selves," Wilde said. 

The matc h is at 7 p.m. in the 
main gym. 

The Guardian 

Read it. Use it for kindling. 

force in a urvcy of 
sales e~eculives by 
Sales & Marketing 

MllI\llIIfment magazine.· In fac t. 
Northwestern swept all seven calegories 
used to measure perfonnance, and had 
the highest overoll score of any sale 
force in any industry. 

And exceptional perfonnancc mean 
e~ceptiOl1al rewards. More than 1,500 
Northwestem Mutual agents average 
over S 121.000 in commis ioned income 
last year. ,_.,_d_. __ _ 
~_.I. 

I f you 're an achicvemcnHmcnted 
individual who accepts nOlhing short 
of rcJl ~ucccss. consider a career with 
Northwestem Mutual. You'lI receive 
intensive lraining, top-perfonning 
products and unli mited opportunities. 
The rest i up 10 you. Call: 
The Bleakley Agency 
ATIN: Donna L. Brandon 
1515 Second Avenue, Suite 300 
San Diego, CA 92101 
(619) 2.34-311l 

Northwes.tern 
MUtual Lite ' 
The Quiet ompany' 

COUPONS! 
I CLIP & SAVE 50% ON THESE ITEMS!! ; 
r------------T-------------I I ALL RAYIANS! I REGGAE T.SHIRTS I 
I Halfprice take~ fro~ original I Regular price from 512.99-514 I 
I retail prices. Ong. pnce from I with coupon from $6.50. I 
I $93 with coupon from $46.50. I I 

~------------,-------------I 
A FILM BY JON JOST ' USA' 1991 • 87 MINUTES 

; YUARNIT : SAYING I·SHIRTS : 
I Special purchase. Orlg. price I 'D~ ME NO~· & 'WILL WORK FOR I 
I from $80 with coupon from $40 I SEX . Reg. price from $12.99-$14 I L . with coupon from $6.50. I t· .' FEBRUARY 4 . 8 P.M. ' MANDEVILLE AUDITORlUM UCSD BOX OFFICE: 534-6467 ; :::iaP-' INTERNATIONAL STYLE FILM fESTIVAL -~.::i~7.!~-

REGISTERED UNDEIGIADSAND POST DOC'S 
"COVER YOUR BOD" 

WITH 
SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 

INSURANCE 
Student Premium- $128.00 
Spouse- $ 210.00 
Children- $142.00 

(per quarter) 

ENROLLING NOW 
Information and applications are available at 
Student Health Center. 0039 • 534-21 23 

r------------i-------------. 
: SUNCLOUD I PACIFIC SURFLINE I·SHIRTS : 
I SpeCial purchase. Orlg. price I Regular price from $14-$16 with I 
I from $70 with coupon from $35. : coupon from $7. I 

~------------T------------~ 
: PI FIENCH COWcnON I UCSD I·SHIIIS lUST $6! ; 
I A $25 value. Regular price from : Regular price $12. Hot new I 
I 515 with coupon from $7.50. I designs and colors. I 
I I r------------~-------------I I ALL YOSHI : *Half price taken from I 
II A $40 value. Regular price from I original prices only. II $24 Ith fr $12 I Offer valid with coupon I w coupon om . only through 2/2/92. I ~-_____ ------J I 
! $1a,jfj, ~y~$ & T'5 ! 
I ~ The~CalifOmia Attitude I 
I LA JOlLA VILLAGE SQUARE. 8855 VILLA LA JOLLA DR. #401 • 535-0365 I L __________________________ ~ 



16 The UCSD Guardian Thonday, January 30, 1992 

BASKETBALL as of 1·28 Intramural Sports-Back to The Future 
MEN'SMA 
1 Efil4 Zeeknoh 2'() 
2 On 'Mils Pace 2-0 
3 Garbage Men 2-0 
.. The Tuips 2-0 
5 Wrist Watchers 1'() 

MlN'SAA 
I lausy Hackers 3-0 
2 Def Boyz W/Juice 2'() 
3 Eidefs Revenge 3-0 
" Can'l Slop !he Dunk 2-0 
5 The Fab 5 2-0 
6 TJ's 2'() 
7 OJ Jazzy Jews 2-0 
8 Barry's 3rd Siting 2'() 
9 Turbo Phallus 2-0 
10 SwalTeam 2-0 

MIN'S A 
1 Wildabeasts 3-0 
2 Unrippable 3-0 
3 Locomotive 3-0 
" Tuftmeislors 3-0 
5 All Guns Blazing 2·0 

6 Poslmen Ring Twice 3-0 
7 No Hann No Foul 2-0 
8 Bumad al Both Ends 1-0 
9 Trojan Babie$ 2'() 
10 t.Iountaineers 3-0 

MIN'S 5-10 
1 Screarring Aros 2-0 
2 little Men Tales 3-0 
3 Short & Sweet 2-0 
" lab Rats 2-0 
5 BO-Gee Power 2-1 

WOMaN'S 
1 Klds 01 Naisrrith 1-0 
2 Uza/ds Clan 1-0 
3 Team PBR 1-0 
" We Need Mut\.m)o 1-0 
5 Lord~Us 1-0 

COlO 
1 ~r Girls Dunk 3-0 
2 We throw 8ridIs 2'() 
3 ~I 01 Bounds 2'{) 
4 Ouija Ball 2-{) 

BASKETBALL SUPERSHOT 
COMPETlnON 
Saturday, February 8th, Main Gym 

March Madness, Hoop Malia. NCAA Tournament Fever .... we·re all too familiar 
with these contagious epidemics. They come around fNery year. confine you 10 
your couch, and help you to fail your winter classes. 

And with the NBA AlI·Star game just around the corner, ~ brings 10 mind one 
of the more popular 0I1he NBA AII·Star game spin-offs ... the 3·poinl shootilg 
contesU Watching Reggie Miner and Clyde 'the Glide' kr10cking down three after 
three is pretty exciting. but UCSD IM's is ready 10 do them up one belter. 

We're ready to let you do the shooting. It's time 10 stop talting lrash about how 
great your shot is . ..it's time to actuaIy get out here and show us yo' stuff! 

The 3rd Annual UCSD Basketball Supershot ~tition takes place Satur· 
day. February 8th. in the Main GylMasium at 9am sharp. Irs open to all current 
UCSD sludents. And to staH and faculty (with Rec Cards). tool The entry lee is 
beyond reasonable . ..it's free. 

Just come on down to the Canyonview Recreation Offices next week between 
Sam and Spm 10 sign up. The co~tition wiU consist of 2-one minute time !rials 
thaI leI each shooter fire away from various designated point-value areas on the 
court. 

The three best combined lolal scores (both lrials combined) wiH advance to the 
finals and a chance to COIT1lEIte at haJf1ime of a UCSD Men's Basketball home 
game ... in front of everyone. Winners will qualify for some great prizes. 

There's nuHin' 10 lose. so gel on down 10 Canyonview to sign-up. Get some 
sleep Friday night for a change and then come on out ready to bomb away on 
Saturday! We'lI be waiting for youl 

ALL-CAMPUS RACQUETBALL 
CROWNS TWO CHAMPS! 

Imllgine being at the E·Bar. You 
are ready 10 ~ the phone number 
of thi incredible person only to have 
your roommate say that it's time to 
go. After all. you' ve gOl to get up 
early the neXI morning and make lhal 
all·impor1lll1l phone call aI8:00am to 
get an Intramural rtgi tr:llion priorily 
number. 

You realize you',e ~(lliho he,t 
ttam in 1M', .,,1<'.11 11 Ih;1I t\ I II 
probably" ,n II "'ur 
buddie. nre ,k' '1 
their leam In 3 lea~ue . 

Your calls don't get through for ar 
least an hour. Damn! Finally your 
call i an wered and the voice at the 
other end y you are Number 200. 
-My God! Thullow! Will I get in a 
league?" 

The voice says he doesn't have a 
clue bUI say that you bener go to the 
Team Dplain' meeling to make 
sure. 

The Caplaln·. meeting is packed 
but you know you'll gel your tcam in 
somehow because ir you don't you'll 
have your bUll kicked by your buds. 
The 1M Czars SUrt calling off the 
numbers. As they do. leagues stan to 
fill and close up. You begin to tress 
OUI. Finally, your number is just a 
rew licks awuy. The times that art 
lefl art horrible. But al this point you 
jusl Want 10 play. 

All or a sudden your worst fe.lf'> 
are rtalized. The 1M Czar announces 
that alilcagues are full and that the 
resl o( the teams mu t go on that 
proverbial waiting list. Basically. 
you just got screwed. 

NOI only are you not going to play 
!hi quaner. but you are going to g<l 
your tail kicked to boo!. 

-lsn'lthere any place to PUI ",. 
team?;' you ask whimpcn"s l ~ 

-Well. check wllh us neXI week." 
comes the answer. 

Life may not be quite as bad lIS that 
horror story. But things art gelling 
tighl around here. Most o( you know 
what it's like. 

Haven't you ever gotten POcd 
about having to play your ROOt 

Shadi Almassfzadeh and Bob Buckingham waled away with the Wes this past weekend in the annual AII·Campus 
Racquetball Championships held at the Canyonview RB Courts and in relatively easy fashion. 

Shadi AI annexed the Men's Open ~ship by dusting defending cha~ Rick Sliter in the semis, and then worked 
his way through afewtoogh moments in thefinaJloputawayScottDuPon~ 7·11,11-6, ".,4, Shadialso had deleated DuPont 
in the Winner's Bracket Finals of the doubl&-elimnation affair earlier in the morning by sinilar scores. 10·11. 11·5. 11-4. 

Buckingham did a similar number on the Inlermediale field and eventually dosed out Michael Valenzuela in the 
~ship final 15-8. 

Will 'The Thrill' Mingram played his way OUI 01 a serious Friday night hangover to get up for third place in the Inlermediates. 
V'all be hearing more from him later this month when the UCSD Superstars ~ heats up. 

Hockey games at 12 midnight My 
gosh that's late. As for me. I need a 
linle bc:auty sleep. Haven't had a date 
the entire qu:uter. Plu rye got a 
mid- Ienn al 8:00am the next morning. 

I n'tthere a beller time ro play 
these games? 

Nearly as bad is having 10 wake up 
on Saturday morning with the usual 
hangover. It's time 10 go 10 the 
golden arches for your hangover food. 
You all of a . uddcn realize that your 

cer game tallS al 9:00 AM. Yu k! 
How can lhe 1M gods be so cruel? 

Why did lhey schedule the game so 
early in Ihe morning? 

It's greatth~t Inlramural Sports is 
so popular here at UCSD, bill it can 
also be a bummer a these p I 
examples have shown. 

What though is being done to 
alleviate these: problem,. Even as a 
large mega.universil) th.1I i, 
supposedly one or the b<:,1 in the 
country. our sports facilities are slill 
Irying to catch up with the growth of 
lhe universil)' and the popularity of 
ports on thl campus. 

Fortunatel), for Ihose of you who 
will be hen: a while. past generations 
or ludenl voted to have a huge new 
rtCrtation ports complex built. 
RIMAC lIS il is now called will 
alievialC many of our overcrowding 
concerns for indoor pons. 

We see RIMAC being able 10 
handle a lot more basketball and 
volleyball in addition to many other 
activities_ II should be one o( the 
fine t and most ve~tile facilities in 
the country. 

Having RIMAC will also help in 
other ways. Floor Hockey in the 
Recreation Gymnasium ma), benefit 
from new additional pace and lime. 

We a1read), have one o( the biggest 
Ooor hockey programs in the country 
and with RIMAC on line our chances 
(or expanding Ihe Roor Hockey 
progr.lm look encouraging. 

RIMAC should also give u the 
opponunily to introduce a very 
popular upcoming team .pon like 
Indoor Soccer to our team spons 
invenlory. Currtntl),. we run a one 

. weekend program in this sport. but 
new and addilional ~pace should allow 
u 10 expand our oppor-Iunities. 

I( you lire inlo our Innertube Water 
Polo program and don'llilte playing 
laiC at night. we hope Ihat thi j, also 
lemporaty. Another 50-meier pool i 
being di ussed nd "ould definitely 
provide welcome relief 10 aquatics 
users of all types. 

And lastly. we hope: to have some 
new playing nelds on line in the 
futurt. These most likely will be 
situated near our baseball field 
beyond the right field rence. 

Additional plans are also being 
discussed to re·wor\.: the Warren 
Field complex. combini ng both the 
East and Wesl halves to form one 
large multi·use field. A we all k.now. 
and soon they go up. lhey'lI be in 
demand. 

As you can see the future i very 
brighl here althe -U". Although. 
some of lhese additions may nOl 
arrive be(ore your graduation. believe 
us when we say.lhey WILL arrive. 

iI took a 101 or ef(ort on the pan of 
past generalions of sludents to make 
what we have happen. And because 
of them sport and athletics at UCSD 
will conlinue 10 be even beller in the 
near future . 

UPCOMING SPECIAL EVENTS 
WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 
DOUBLES TOURNAMENT 
~, February 1st, 9Mn/ Mein GJIII 
SIIIH-t.,. now at C,,"yonvlew Rec:N8tIon 0fIIces 
Women'. Open and Women's lnt8nnedlllte/Novice OM. 
lions 

AIJ..CAMPUS TENNIS 
DOUBLES CHAMPIONSHIPS 
Saturda,.sundll" Fe """" ut-2nd/ a.m/ Mulr TeMII 
COUrts 
SI&IHIPe - 8t C8IIyon¥lew Recreation 0fIIces 
Men'. Open, Intermedl8te ~/ / IW-'. DIYiIIon 
MORE TOURNAMENT INFO ... CAU !i34-t0371 

&B COSTA VERDE CENTER 
_IDEO GALLERY 

B J . s Pi : _: e I' i a 

BIGGFSf SELECI10N in the area ~ FREE PARKING 
NEW 1llUAS1ES: POINT BREAK . MOBSTERS 

• UFE STINKS . HOT SHOTS 
COM .... SOON: THE ROCKETEER . REGARDING HENRY 

---------------- -----Bring this ad to RENT ONE MOVIE and 
get a SECOND RENTAL FREEl 

MoncIey lllru Thursday. bpi". 211112 
---------------------Colla Verde Celtlei' near Soup Exchange 8750 Geae.ee ••• 1766 

PIazza ear-a near Vons 3880 Valley CaIre Dr •• 79U823 
Hous: SU.-lla .... II ....... 1 Frt..s.t. II ... 10 .. 

Sick of cardboard and ketchup? 
Try an authentic Chicago style pizza! 

OFF 
ANY LARGE PlIIl 

",.,. /IfWWrII rotIf1O" ""-~. Valid for 11t~(""1, 
c:Mf7Ot'I or" hi. bpttB VIY92. 

8873 Villa LaJol1a Dr. LaJoIla Village Center 455-0662 
UCSD's orlgiul pizzeria Is stUl tbe best! 



H2 HIATUS 1'bc UCSD Guardian 

IY JOSEPH GARCIA 
HiaIus EdIor 

ux Interior is the illustrious singer for the rock-a-billy group The 
Cramps. He's most often seen wearing sunglasses, high-heels 
and a G-string (and possibly a leather jacket). He possesses the 
stereotypic rock-a-biJJy voice, and his stage presence and drug 
habits have been the talk of the underground/alternative/punk 
scene for almost two decades. Lux Interior is an incredible 

man-and an even more incredible performer. 
His long-time companion Poison Ivy plays guitar with whoever occu-

pies the frequently changing bass and drum positions. On their latest 
album, Look Mom No Head!, the bass guitar and drum chores are fulfilled 
by Slim Chance and Jim Sclavunos, respectively. 

Lux isn't the kind of guy that you'd ask those plain old vanilla inter-
view questions, so I tried not to offer him any. He appreciated it. 

How ..., ...... 1uIv. ,OU ...... tIIIII 
'ouw .. ....., 
Well I can't really say ... a miUion times ince 
the first year we were together. In LA. a 
couple of years ago, [a OJ reported] I died of a 
heroin overdose. TIle Ramones were on tour 
and were telling everyone that I was dead. 
[The DJ] played a three-hour tribute to the 
Cramp. 
WIuIt ....... ..., 
Hollywood i disgu ting. II was once wonder-
ful . it's now block after block of mini-malls. 
Tel me a drIIC story. 
Tbe last tirne me and Ivy took acid we listened 
to the Kustom King . We listened to it over 
and over for the whole trip. That was a big 
influence on [Look Mom No Head!] . 
Are ,OU a day penon or a ............. 
... , 
Night person. I try to sleep at night, sometimes 
it's necessary--but it doesn't happen. I'm 
afraid I'll be abducted by a flying saucer 
... most flying saucer sightings occur at night. 
Would you want .... 01_ to be .... 
mother 01 JOUI' cIIId? 
You mean the pop inger? No. She's a nice 
girl and all but .. . 
WIuIt .. the first ... ,OU do ...... 
,ouwllk ... ' 
Have sex or coffee. 
Who do JOU love? 
[Poison I Ivy. And then after that. basically, 
humanity. Everybody's a big jerk and 
everybody's real cool. 
.. the life thIIt you've lived eo ,.. the 
life thIIt JOU w ...... fw,......, or 
did It juet ........ tIIIII wllJ1 
It 's betterthan what I thought it was gonna' 

be. What could be better tIW1 being a inger in 
a rock and roll band? I get to travel the world 
Whaltdo,... .... .., 
Gee,I don't know. I can't think of anything I 
regret. 
If you could exIIIIln.., ............ 
period wIIIcIIone w ..... 1t be, 
Gee, there were a lot of exciting times. Giza. I 
think the pyramid was buill by 
intradimensional beings who had a hand in 
making human beings. We were made. 
Do ,OU wlltcll MIV? 
Occasionally. It's difficult to watch without 
gelling disgusted. Every time I tum it on. Phil 
Collins comes on. 
WhaIt IdIId of .............. did 'OU do 
...... ,.... ..... 1dII? 
I finished high school. 
What Idnd of ............. do ,OU do 
now? 
I don't know. I try to be as intelligent as [ can. 
A lot of folks consider thing I do stupid. 
WIuIt makea ,OU ....., .......,., 
Whatever makes me laugh. [ don't know what 
happiness i exactly. If you were happy all the 
time you'd be in a rubber room. 
WIlen do ,OU fMI .... PIIUred tIIIII 
,our life ..... okay? 
When I'm on stage. That's what I enjoy the 
most, that's the best. 
How would JGU .... ~ ~ 
......, 

I'd like to get a bunch of people worked up 
against religions. 
Where .. JGU ...... you,... tile MOat 
..... ...., 
I like to watch movies a lot. I feel like I'm in 
another dimension when I get lost in a movie. 

r--------------------~ Nail SpeCials I II I EXPERIENCE MEDITATION 
ACRYLIC $18 99 ' : 
(!!~5~ LS • I : 
Tip Overlay $24.95 I 

The experience 
01 maditaIion 
gives deep 
inner sa1isIac*n 
and peace while 
also being very 

"'--"""--....J sin1IIe. 
Fill. $12 Reg. $15 ' New clients only 

Fill."' .... Nail. with nps $21 •• Reg. $45 
........ & PecIIc: .... $15.15 

W.xing SUrting at $3 
........ $I. F.: .. I. $25 Reg. $35 

I 
I 
I 
I NAILS BY JENNIFER MEN AND WOllEN I 

Through 
medilalion and 

inner experiences a pe!SOI1 C31 kick 
adcictions, gain self-confidence, and 
bri1g a deeper focus 10 his or her Ie. 
Tha progr.ns n: 
SundIys, Feb. 2, II, 16 In !he DIwt&t 
..... AooIIIln the PrIce 

CentIr ( ...... PC ....... n..r) 8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I (Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 51JO-5081 I 
Not valid WIth any other oNel$. &pirw 211 H2 

L ____________________ ~ 
.... 11l1'li, Open ID II-fREEI 

Thursday, January 30, 1992 

A Dull Shine 
• "Shining Through" is a film that lacks shine, 
a "fiery" romance and a sound plot 
By Ted Sunoo 
Guarcl/an Reponer 

Melanie Griffith hascome a long 
way. Most of us 
were introduced to 
Griffith in Brian de 
Palma's "Body 
Double." where she 

played adult film star Holly Body. 
Others caught their first glimpse of 
her as the sexy, quirky, and free-
wheel ing Lulu, who handcuffs Jeff 
Daniels to the bed in Jonathan 
Demme 's "Something Wild." 
Griffith finally hit the big time in 
her Academy Award-nominated 
perfonnance in "Wortting GirI."SIIe 
played theupwanl-boundNew York 
secretary who falls in love with 
Harrison Ford. 

Griffith also plays a secretary 
from I.'IV York in the upcoming 
film "Shining Through," but this 
time the seuing is World War U. 
Linda Voss (Griffith) is transfonned 
into a spy against the Nazis while 
falling in love with Ed Leland 
(Michael Dougl~). MelanieGriffith 
playing a secretary turned secret 
agent? I cringed \~h ile picturing the 
scenario -"\\·pr~lIll.! Girl turned 
DO? . .. 

I wa~ ,0111 • \\ hm sU'1>rised when 
"Shining Through"got off to a good 
start, as Griffith and Douglas dis-
play an entertaining repartee. Leland 
i a lawyer with a mysterious back-
ground. He hires Voss, who quickly 
impresses both him and the audi-
ence with her spunk and fiery pride. 
lbe rest of the movie, however, 
fails to maintain the same inner 
trength and passion that Griffith 

portrays at the start. 
As a secret agent movie, "Shin-

ing Through" lacks the tension and 
drama necessary to successfullypor-
tray the; feeling of isolation and dan-
gerone must experience when infil-
trating Nazi Gennany, especially as 
an inexperienced spy. Furtherdamp-
ening potential suspense (and audi-
ence uncertainty of tile movie ' sout-

come) was the fact that the movie is 
presented through flashbacks and 
the retelling of Voss' experience. 

Thus, we never really won)' if 
Griffith's character is going to sur-
vive in the end since we know that 
several decades latershe isaliveand 
well, recounting her story. Even the 
love affair between Douglas and 
Griffith lacked a cenain spark. that 
certain sensual and emotional 
charge. 

In regards to my cynicism about 
the seemingly ridiculous premise of 
the movie, I can see how director 
David Seltzer was attempting to 
show how heroes can come from 
unexpected places. But without the 
emotions and intensity needed to 
augment the grave seriousness of 
the situation, "Shining Through" 
barely beats oul the standard fare. 

SUSHI AND DAlLY SPECIALS 
HBest Teriyaki in TownH 

• ;;~ ;I;:~.J ~ U C 5 D 5 PEe I' L ~. 
: TERIYAKI $399 : 
: ~l£~~t!!>!~~!!vIJtn : 
• ••••••••••••••••••• 
La Jolla Colony Plaza 
772BRegents Rd.1S01 (Vons Shopping Center) 452-4255 T_ "'" aOaiIaYe. w ... _ cmne--. 
HOURS: 11:30 0lIl'9 filii 1Mon.·1IIun.1. 11:30 0lIl'10 filii (Fr. & Sat.l. 5-9 pm s...days 

Tbunday, January 30, 1992 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS H3 

THiNGS TO DO THiS WEEK 

Core Animation 
IJ MelInda HamIlton 
SenIor Staff Writer 

For all of you who love canoons 
but think Saturday mornings are 
made forsleeping in-it's back. Yes, 
that yearly tate of anistic achieve-
ment: Spike and Mike's Festival of 
Animation. The humor in these car-
toons is a little more sophisticated 
than what you would find on the 
tube, yet much more fun. 

Housed at the La Jolla MusclUll 
of Contemporary Art, the festival 
offers two separate shows: a regular 
program, and a separate program 
for the sick and twisted canoons. 
Previously, the twilled cartoons 
were tacked onto the regular pr0-
gram at the midnight performances, 
but this year they rate their own 
showing. 

The regular show contains films 
by Lance Kramer, who made an 
appearance last year with "Demy 
Goes Airsurfing." Marv Newland 
of "Bambi Meets Godzilla" fame, 

and the AarcIman Animation folks, 
who are back with a new set of 
sketches with the creatures at home. 
The regular show features 18 short 
films with a few"commercials" and 
"Creature" segments peppered 
throughout. The animation tech-
niques ranged from traditional pen 
and ink, to claymation, to computer 
graphics, to clay painting on glass 
("Mona Lisa Descending a Stair-
cae''). 

The humor in the regular show 
tends to be much cleaner than the 
late show, but not all of the cartoons 
are intended to be funny. "Visions 
From the Amazon" offers a dual 
tribute to computer animation as 
well as the inhabitants, animals and 
vegetables of the Amazon region. 
Most of the cartoons, however, aim 
right for your funny bone. 

Most of the cartoons are seven 
minutes or less, the only exception 
being Ken Lidster's, "Balloon," at 

See CARTOONS, Page H4 

UCSD~S CLOTHING OUTLET 

TODAY: w .... play in the Price Center plaza at noon, in 
conjunction with Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Awareness Week. 

For a cheap and easy thrill, University Events presents RIcochet 
at6:30, 9 and 11:30 p.m. in the Price Center theater-for only a buck! 

FRIDAY: IElERfENCY LAIII._ ..... Gays: Patricia Stone, 
SDPDand pannerNatalie ( 111.' . S.D. Fire Department. John Graham, 
SDPD, and Frank Bunino,':' ·r·Sf agent fired for being gay talk about 
clo etedness and being out in these professions. Breakfa t provided 
in Price Center Gallery A from 10-11 :30 a.m. 

tile Kra.oe Quartet. known for a diverse repelloire that 
includes the music of Jimi Hendrix, Omette Coleman and Arnold 
Schoenberg, will perform at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickets for this event are $15 generall$l3 seniors/$I I students. For 
additional information call 534-4559. 

SATURDAY: Anist AnI8 Kapoor will conduct a gallery walk-
through and discus ion of hi exhibition, stalling at the information 
desk. The exhibition run through May 31, free with admission to the 
San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art. For more info call 454-
3541. 

TUESDAY: Bell Hooka, author and feminist, williccture on 
issues of racism, sexism and culture imperialism through the Black-
American experience. Known for her critical observations, Hooks' 
published works include: Ain'f J A Woman: Black Women alld 
Feminism: Feminist Theory: From Margin fo eellfer. Admission is 
free to SDMOCA members and UCSD faculty and srudents, and $3 
for non-members. For more information call 454-3541 . 

WEDNESDAY: DIre Straits performs at the San Diego Sports 
Arena at 7:30 p.m. 

Grammy nominee W ...... Zevon with guests lite ~ 
performs at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach. Show starts at 7:30 
p.m. Admission is only $15. For more info call 481 -9022. 

FROM Now THROUGH FEB. 6: ......... c.yon: 
..................... i back by popular demand. Featuring 
pectacu)arfootageofthe Colorado Riveras seen from a raft shooting 

the white rapids, the film also journeys back in time for a historical 
look intooneof nature's finest accomplishments. Scheduled to screen 
daily, some viewers may leave the Omnimax Theater feeling a bit 
damp. Admission: Adults $5.50/seniors S4/juniors $3. Includes 
entrance into the Science Center. For more info call 238-1168. 

CLEARANCE: 
JEANS $10 
PANTS$S 

MEN'S 
& WOMEN'S 

50%-90% BELOW RETAil 
SAVE ON BRAND-NAME CASUAL 

& SPORTSWEAR CLOTHING 

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY 

I ~.I ~::/G~:~ -~ Z 0 N E 
8250 Camino Santi Fe (just down the' road) 

Go east on La Jolla Vi" OrNe, .. lights pat Hwy 8OS,Ieft on Camino Santa Fe 
NEW STORE HOURS: Tue.-Fri., 11 am-8 pm. Sat-Sun. 11 am-S pm 

All dressed up ... 
no place to go? 
Ia7 Tomorrow night at the 

~ SOMA club is a local 
talent showcase. Featured 
bands are EI Cajon's 5pIu,. 
MoI*.ey, Claire mont's Sub 
Society, the final this-is-for-
it -this-time-we-mean-it for 
Fudp House TRink Baby, 
and ChIcken F ..... SOMA is 
located at 555 Union Street, 
downtown. All ages are 
welcome. Doors open at 8 p.m. 
Call 239-S0MA for more 
information. 



H4 HIATUS 

REGGAE 
contest! 
__ ..... ""lnII. 

TheM wII be two ........ One winner ........... A, 
the oilier" win .... a. To .... , ..... the coupon to 

the GuMIM oftIce .., Felt. .. Once thIN, dIap • off In .... 
"""". 0IIcIII ConIIIIt lox __ the cr ....... table. 

8aIh ............ AIconIe' COL 
..... A 

ChucIdebeny - CoSt ~ IMrW 
a.rtrctan Levy - ",.... Oral Rock 

..... a 

•••••••••••••• 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
•••••••••••••• 

FEBRUARY 10 · MONDAY • 8PM 
UCSD PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 
ST. $9 • G. . $12 • UCSD BOX OFFIC 

The UCSD Guardian 

CARTOONS 
ContInuId from .... H3 
13 minules. It's hard 10 nolice the 
film's length because "Ball nn is 
easily one of the mosl creal i v film 
in an extremely creative bunch. 
"Jesus Visits New York,n by Ken-
neth Truhan, contains simple hu-
mor, andeamed it a place in both the 
regular and midnighl shows. 

For !hose with a strong stomach 
and a penchant for Ihe weird, the 
midnighl show offer<; " me pretty 
bi.z.arreSluff(incl uding free barfbag 
10 everyone as they enter the the-
ater). This year, for the firsltime, the 
advertisement flyers warned of what 
the box office has said in previous 
years: 17 years ofage and over only 
at these shows. After walching iI, I 
can understand why. 

Bren,ouremceeforlheevening, 
footnoled one of the films, "Plastic 
Sex," by commenting lhal when he 
picked up the film from the lab 
where the print was being made, the 
lab technician lectured him for an 
hour on the evils of pornography. I 
don ' t know, somehow the image of 
two inflatable people having sex 
doesn't seem to enter into the realm 
of pornography. Maybe it's because 
I have alway thoughl at least one 
party had 10 be living and breathing 
for it to be pornographic. 

As for di gu ting film , new-
comer "Deep Sympathy" beats out 
last year's winner "Quiet Please." 
"Sympathy" offers a new and rather 
offensive view to funerals. 

"There were also the bl Y and 
violent 'loon , including one by 
quadriplegic cartoonist John 
Callahan, entitled "How Much is 
That Window in the Doggie?" 

Some old favorites are back. such 
as the aforementioned " Bambi 
Meets GodziIIa," and last year's 
most disgusting film. "Quiet Please. " 
Fans will also remember "Lupo the 
Butcher," who makes his appear-
ance again Ihis year. 

In spite of all the red ink, some-
how it is not as offen ive to me as 
watching any of the "Friday the 
13th" movies. Must be either be-
cause it's animation or I 'm laughing 
too hard to be offended. Maybe it's 
both. 

Some of the films were just 
twisted hurnor uch as "Snookies," 
which featured a well-meaning baby 
pink dragon in diapers and his bird 
friend (or was that fried?). "Lullaby" 
returned in a rnore finished form 
which ruined the punchline. When 
this disturbing film about a baby 
and his murderous Sluffed giraffe 
appeared last year, the drawings 
were very rough, a step above simple 
outlines. This year's version is much 
darker, which obscures the final 
split-second image of the piece. 

In any case, the festival is just as 

Thursday, January 30, 1992 

much fun as ever and definitely 
worth the price of the ticket. If you 
have to make a choice, I would 
suggest the regular show over the 
twi ted program. although package 
tickets to both shows offer a dis-
count. It is a good idea to buy tickets 
in advance because the weekend 
shows seem to have a propensity 10 
sell out regularly. 

1l1e midnight show airs only on 
Friday and Saturday nighls and also 
frequently sells out early. Tickets 
are available at the UCSD Box Of-
fice, the La Jolla Museum of Con-
temporary An and all TickelMaster 
outlets. 

WHEN is iT? 
• MIdnIIht Ihowa ...... 18 
ultr .. lck and twisted films 
exclualwly. 
• ...... 30-7:45 p.m. . 
• Feb. 7. 8, 14. 21.. 22, 2& 
..... .. 7 •• .30p.m..~ 
• Feb. 1. 15, 29 ........ 
1O-AS p.m., and 12:1.1 Lin. 
• Feb. 2, 9.18-2, 4:30. and 7 
p.m. 
For ..... Info CIIII H1t-9274. 

THE MODERN MUSIC QUARTET 

january 31 • friday • 8pm • auditorium 
It. $lZ e,_nIl $17 e It cR. , flCl .. $15 • .... atficIe 534-1417 


