
INSIDE ... 
OPINION 

Winner Take All 
Student protesters are a 

remarkable breed of people 
- remarkable in the most 
asinine ways. This was 
proven once again earlier 
this month when a small 
group of students calling 
themselves, "Direct Action 
for Education" occupied a 
'Conference room in the 
chancellor's complex. 'The 
students demanded $10,000 
for transportation to the UC 
systemwide rally against the 
impending 24 percent fee 
increase held last Friday. 
'The protesters argued that 
the money should come 
from the administration, 
rather than the students, 
because the students are 
already being robbed. 'The 
administration eventually 
offered $2,000, which the 
protestors refused. Ulti-
mately, they had to take a 
grant from the A.S. for 
$2.soo - precisely the 
thing they hoped to avoid in 
the first place. Instead of 
playing a winner-take-all 
game, the protesters should 
have taken the administra-
tion's money and run / 
PA8E4 

SPORTS 

Two for Four 
The Triton baseball team 

hosted the UCSD Invita-
tional Tournament last 
week and lost in the 
championship game against 
second-ranked Cal 
Lutheran, 9-4. Earlier in the 
tournament UCSD handed 
CLU their first loss of the 
season as Brent Hansen 
Sb"UCk out 14 batters on the 
way to a 5-3 victory. Doran 
Yount led UCSD with three 
hits, oRe of them a RBI 
biple. / PME 20 

INDEX 
UC News ....•...•......... 2 
Opinion .•.••............... 4 
Classlfieds .•........... 12 
Sports ..................... 20 

Students protested recent fee raises at the capitol building in Sacramento. 

On-Campus 
Rape Victim 
Recants 
• Safety Awareness Coordinator 
says cases of false rape claims are 
rare, but recanted rape even rarer 
By Mary Betty Heard 
News Editor 

The woman who reported having been mped twice 
in her Warren College apartment - once on Jan. 8 and 
again on Mar. 3 - recanted her story during final s 
week. In a signed statement to campus police. the 
student said she was not mped on either date. 

Sergeant Robert Jones of the UCSD Police Depart-
ment said the 18-year-old student recanted "because it 
didn't happen." 

Forty ~C, CSU Students 
Attend Sacramento Rally 

Jones said that when the woman first reported the 
mpes on Mar. 3. the police "had suspicions'· that the 
rapes had not actually taken place. "But we have the 
responsibility to put out a Community Bulletin by noon 
the next day .... Since we couldn ' t prove that it didn't 
happen at that point. we went ahead and put tthe 
bulletin1 out anyway:· he said. 

According to Jones, in the process of reconstructing 
events and speaking to roommates, and taking into 
account the injuries the woman sustained on Mar. 3, the 
police reached the conclusion that the rape had not 
occurred. 

• Despite students' previous 
refusal to use A.S. funds for 
travel, trip was funded by A.S. 
By MelInda Hamilton 

long rally, urging the legislators to cut fees 
and students to mobilize their campuses 
when they retumed to classes from Spring 
Break. 

Senior Staff Writer 
Approximately 40 University of Cali-

forniaand California State University stu-
dents gathered at the steps of the capitol 

"The regents and the lCSU] board of 
trustees meet on your campuses, and they 
insult you by pulling up in limos," said 
Alexandria Strickland. a junior at UC Dav i . 

Jones said that the student's only injury was a slight 
bum on her left arm. In addition, the physical examina-
tion conducted at Sharp-Cabrillo Hospital showed no 
evidence of rape. He noted that. "Just because there is 
no evidence of rape from that examination doesn·t 
mean that it didn't happen - it isn't conclusive:· 
However, there was no clear evidence of rape-related 

- building in Sacramento Friday to protest 
the increase in student fees. About 20 
UCSD students panicipated. along with 
representatives from UC Davis, UC Irvine 
and UC Santa Cruz, and from CSU cam-
puses in Fresno and San Francisco. 

Dallas Blanchard, a CSU Fresno stu-
dent, decried what he termed "insane pmc-
tices" at his campus, including a $300,000 
pay raise for the administration and the 
installation of lUXUry skyboxes in the sta-
dium. 

trauma, Jones said. " 
The campus police were unable to release a compos-

ite drawing of the alleged attacker because her descrip-
tions of the attacker did not always match. "The descrip-
tions she provided us and the descriptions she provided 
others weren't consistent," Jones said. 

All the UC students took time from 
their spring breaks to travel to Sacramento 
for the rally. 

"They need to get their priorities 
straight," he said. 

Several students spoke at the hour-

Students who attended the protest were 
urged to write and lobby their legislators to 

See RAlLY, Page 7 
Nancy Wahlig, coordinatorofStudent Safety Aware-

See RAPE, Page 3 

A.S. to Include Ten 
Referenda on Ballot 
• Voters to be asked whether student government 
should have financial autonomy from administration 
By Joanne Donahoe 
Staff Writer 

'The Associated Students Coun-
cil elections, to be held on April 6.7 
and 8, will present to UCSD tu-
dents ten referenda which will de-
fine and could implement Associ-
ated Students Constitutional 
changes and could determine stu-
dent opinion on campus-wide is-
sues. 

Three of the ten questions will 
concern possiblechanges to the A.S. 
constitutjon, while the other seven 
questions are polls regarding past 
and present campus issues. 

A.S. President Agustin Orozco 
said that the polls "are the best way 
10 tell student sentiment." 

One constitutional referendum 
on the ballot deals with an issue 
raised several years ago, when ~tu­
dents overwhelmingly supported the 
idea of holding an A.S. Constitu-
tional Convention. In a Constitu-
tional Convention, A.S. offICers and 

students collaborate to make sweep-
ing change to the constitution. 

However. due to a lack of time, 
a convention was never held. This 
year's referendum will ask students 
if they would rather have five con-
stitutional referenda on the ballot 
each year, instead of only three. 

The two additional que tions 
would allow for gradual change in 
the constitution, rather than one 
sweeping change at a Constitutional 
Convenstion. 

"[Having] five referenda will 
open the doors for the capability for 
change," said A.S. Vice-President 
Administrative Mike Holmes. 

According to Holmes, all five 
questions would not have to be used 
every year - the council can use 
Ihem depending upon the kinds of 
changes it wants to make. 

Olanges to the constitution are 
a result of growth and changing 
times, according to Orozco. 

See REFERENDA, Page 9 

Prosecutors Will Seck 
Death Penalty for Prince 
By Jason Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Cleophus Pri nce, Jr .• the Ala-
bama man who is accused of 
killing six women in San Diego, 
including one UCSD student, 
may face the death penalty if 
prosecuting attorneys prove their 
case. 

During Prince's arraignment 
last Thursday, Superior Court 
Judge Frederic Link announced Cleophus Prince, Jr. 
that Assistant District Attorneys 
Dan Lamborn and Rick C1abby would be seeking the death penalty 
due to two special circumstances: alleged murder in the commission 
of a rape and alleged multiple murders. 

On Thursday Prince also waived his right to a trial within 60 days 
of his arraignment. Because evidence is still being collected in the 
case and Prince's attorneys are still preparing their defense strategy, 
the trial may not begin for quite some time. 

"There are a lot of things that need to be done to tie up this case 
on both sides," Lamborn said. "[The trial] will probably be in the fall 
at the earliest." 

While the delay is important to both ides, Lamborn indicated that 
the span of more than two years between when the murders took place 
and the beginning of the trial may stretch the memorie of witne se. 
in the case. The first murder, that of SDSU tudent Tiffany Schultz. 

See PRINCE, Page 12 



2 NEWS 

N uc EWS 
rRO\ 1 OTHER C!\ \ lPL ~E~ 

UC Davis Faculty Says Move to 
DIvIsIon I Will Threaten AcademIcs 

Concerned that campus-wide restrictions will limit 
opponunities for expansion. the Executive Council of the 
UC Davis division oflhe Academic Sc:nate recently voted 
to oppose a task force reconunc:ndation for UCD. currently 
Division II. to move 10 Division I status in the NCAA. 

In a letter to Chancellor Ted Hullar, Academic Senate 
Chair Daniel Simmons wrote. "In the: current era of budget 
constraint. we do not believe that it is appropriate 10 expand 
intercollegiate athletic programs at the expense of lIClI-
demic programs." 

The council also questioned the right of the university 
to initiate and support a campaign to increase student fees 
in support of intercollegiate athletics. 

By moving to Division I, Simmons said, UCD will lose 
its distinction and "exchange a nationally recognized stat-
ure to which many other institution aspire for a program 
that looks like most of the others across the country." 

HuUar is expected to hand down a decision on the 
possible move to Division) by April 15. If the: tatuschange 
is approved. the: council said it will not tolerate a revision 
of UCD's admission standards to enhance intercollegiate 
athletics. 

The council also has insisted on the hiring of coache: 
who are first faculty members. 

- V ....... Lee, UCD CaIIfomhI AggIe 
Animal Rights Activists Sue UC 
Claiming Public Reports Withheld 

An animal rights group has filed a $250,000 claim 
against the University of California, accusing UC officials 
of withholding public documents from the group and 
damaging the organization' , reputation. 

In Defense of Animals. a California non-profi t corpora-
tion. and the group's president. Elliot Katz, filed the claim 
in Alameda County Superior Court earlier this month. 

The group charges that. since Aug. 199I.the university 
repeatedly has denied the group access to post-mortem 
reports on animals that died in university laboratories filed 

Calvin and Hobbes 
...nL. TII~TS M: ~L9A. . 
I ():)I.(r ~1'IOf\ ~ nl 9lli. 
IT ANO I'M ~\ "WYfo'£D 
~l09.,(lr. 

~ ~ ~ ...... 

The UCSD Guardian 

by six UC Bet1e1ey research professors between 1985 and 
1991. 

TIle claimants plan to file a lawsuit unless the university 
meets the group's demands or presents an accepcable counter-
offer within 45 days, Karz said. 

UC spokesperson Mike Alva said the university counsel is 
investigruing the case. but would not comment further. 

Katz said after he initially requcsted copies of the labora-
tory files last July he received a IClter from Din:ICtor of the 
Office of Laboratory Animal Care Roy HendericIcson stating 
that compiling all the: reports would be "administratively 
burdensome for my office." 

UCB Assistant OIancc:llor oftegal Affairs Michael Smith 
said, '11le university is in the: process of responding to the 
records request. It's taking time for us to coordinate with rue 
President David Gardner's1 office." 

The suit also alleges that the university, Hendrickson and 
Professor of Phy iology Charles Nicoll "have engaged in an 
extensive and malicious campaign of vilification" directed 
against the group and Katz. 

- Henry K. Lee, UCB DIIIIy CaIIIonUn 
uc PresklentGardnerto be foundation 
President FoIlowtng Retirement 

University of California President David Gardner, who 
will retire from his post this October. was recently named 
president of the: William and flora Hewlett Foundation. 
effectivelan. I. 1993. 

The selection of Gwner was by a unanimous vote of the 
foundalion's Board ofDirectors.1be foundation is onc:ofthe 
nation' twenty largest grant-giving establishments. with as-
sets of nearly $825 million. 

Gardner will uccc:ed Roger Heyns, who i retiring after 15 
years as president. "In David Gardner. who heads one of the 
nation's finest university systems. the: directors and I think we 
have an ideal replacement to carry on and ex pand programs of 
the foundation to meet challenges we see ahead." said William . 
Hewlett. chainnan of the board. 

Foundation programsconcentrateon educat ion, panicularly 
at the university and college level: population issues; envi-
ronmental i ue; contlict resolution; performing arts; and 
urban problems. In addition, the foundation is one of the 
nation' major funders of international population and envi-
ronmental prog ... ams, 

Prior to assuming the: presidency of the University of 
California in 1983. Gardner was president of the: University of 
Utah for ten years. 

"Dr. Gardner is nationally known as an administrator and 
also as a person with exceptionally high standards ofintegrity 
and dedication." Hewlett said 

by Bill Watterson 

COJ\..O '!OJ JIJSr RAmE 
00: ~ 1\\( S~ ~ 
100 \JO'l. AAO l'u. sml' 

'\... 'f::JJ 'rI\lEt! - I-\£u"O?'f ~ 

'--~~ 1 ~I '" i 
SE£ If' r E\l£1t ,(01f: 
~ MIR ~ ~\j\~S . 

,I" _ 

~. ttl LICK 
M'&.1.f ClE»I .' 
~TS'rlW.I~ 
DOes! ~, I'M 
GEt11KG C\.EM 
JUS, UI(E 1\1"'.' 

11-1 ~T 015':, ~~ ..wl. 
1: S~T '10.1 ST~Cl\ 
1«)Q\(I!16 \\NlOOl . 'fC\W '«)) 
GtJOJTOf~~ 
01' ~T 'OJ \\Ir \~'0 \{ . 

Monday. March 30,1992 

AILmnI AsaocIatIon Hosts Uberal 
Artsc.asrWolkshopNextTuesday 

Ifthc: prospect of a narrow job field is causing concern 
to futun: liberal ans degree: holders, the UCSD Alumni 
Association is offering a question-and-answer worbhop 
from 4-5:30 p.m. April 7. in Price Center Ballroom B, to 
relieve job hunting angst. 

Undergraduates arc: invited to hear a panel of seven 
alumni talk about how they put their liberal arts degrees to 
wo", in a variety of productive careers. 

Some of the topics to be covered include gelling that 
firstpost-college job. how to targc:tand sell one's sirongest 
assetS and networking - what il is and how to do it. 

The workshop is free and open to all UCSD under-
graduates. Thc:program isc~ ponsored by the Depanment 
of Sociology, the Panhellenic Association and the 
Interfraternity Council. 
ScrIpps Institute of Oceanography 
Founder Honored WIth Endowment 

1be UC Regents recently approved an endowed faculty 
chair at UCSD's Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
nmned in honor of William E. and Mary B. Ritter, Scripps' 
founding director and his wife. 

The Ritter Memorial Chair was established with a 
$250.000 endowment from Robert L. and Bettie P. Cody 
of Cannel. Ca. , who have previously funded a Scripps 
rc:sc:arch fellowship in the history of marine science and an 
intc:marional scientific award. 

The Codys have requested that the appointment not be 
limited to any particular field of study, which reflects 
Robert Ritter's broad view of oceanography as an interdis-
ciplinary science. Selection of a faculty member to hold the 
new chair will take several months. 

Roben Cody's affiliation with Scripps goes back to his 
youth when he visited the Riners. his great uncle and great 
aunt. Cody was president of Capital Research and Man-
agement Company from 1975 to 1982 and then served as 
vice chair ofthc: board until 1986. He is a member of the 
Board of Trustees of the UCSD Foundation. 

GUARnIAN 
JASON SNaL, EIIIIrx tr CIrItJI 
PETER KO, MaruIItW ElM« 
lEN BOYCHUK, 0phbJ EdIttIt 
JAMES COIJ.ER, .,.., r:dltJt 
LYNN FRANEY, CcIpy UITI 
JEN'IY GAlANG, AancW. """". EdItIDt 
JOSEPH CWK». """,. EIIIIrx 
MARY BEllY HEARD, ,.,... EtaIt 
CHERYL HOCHMAN, A.,. ... Qapy EIMDI 
SUE MAPES, A • .ac" PItoI!o &IIrw 
MEL MARCELD, GtIIfII*» EdtDr 
DAN MaJOWEI.l, PftoIJo EIIIIrx 
PHIJP MICHAELS, ~.,cw. 0ptUJ EIMDI 
KEN PERlMAN, SpGrfI &MDt 
IIETT RHYNE, Spectacle EIIItt1t 
ANGELA ROVA, A_ ..... ~ &MIll 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Aan .... '*'-EdIIoI 
SIERYL WOLCOTT, 4IiIoc186t,.,.. EIIIa 
WILEEN WONG, AaodIte,..". EdIIJDt 
OAEDQ WRENN, Aan,"" s,.c. ElM!« 

-.-_~ .. Doea.MllincleH_.L ... He;_.CIvi.R..,.ie<. 
M_ Robintclfl . M_ SchwIlU. PeuIBiIhop_ 
- W_ Oobq Bn:InI_. SI8phenie '*-. Joenne DoNIIoe. Ben 

~. Dan GebIer.1IQIen H-..on. Dan Krauu.-'OdInIZ. s....nne",*,. 
sw ...... PoIvsh. Troti_l. JannRIce. __ SaII. __ .-.-.or 
1IIIIIIII "-'-t: Owis __ 
- AonCodiz. RoeorKuo.CIfIn L.ew.leWIAme~.liU 
Muheney. AcIrieno MuIIor. RwuIa NokIjime. KeIJ floe • ......, ~ 
'" 1.4 .., """ 1UjoI_. SaIl 1.eWIe. PIUI ~. a..cIi ...,.". 
_ Vem.,..., ZIot 
C¢r-'-'-CNq.-~.--._SIIrinIor 
--. ...... _-
DooIeoor. MipI ~ 

BOB DeANOREA, ........... 
MICHAEL FOUlKS, ~ __ 
MIKE MARTINEZ, ....,.".,. D .. ... 
E. LSGH HENRY, alii"" ...... AllIIN 
-....". "d,_~"--.UM __ 

-.... ...... - ...... ""'*'-~ - Leo.s.-.. $NIT 
1IIt1A:SDc;,..., ........................ _,.."' ...... .. 

_oIlA:SD . ..-" .. _ ........ _._ ... __ _ 
• M')...-. 0 1911.. "'" _ lilt 1A:SDa.-.............. _ 01 
-_ ... lIIt ___ ............. _._ ... 
-" __ "'_ fllIIIltlDa...t .. ~flc.-... ... ___ 
__ lIItl.aD_._.__"'...,., T __ T __ -. ... 
YIeMI: UoWIM, ...... ~ .......... Fell: 1J4.7te1 
UCSD GuanIM, 9500 Gilman DrIve 0318, 

La JoIa, CA 92093-031.8 
--,--,-----....... 

Monday, March 30,1992 

RAPE 
ContInued from .. 1 
ness, who has spoken to the: tudent, 
said the woman did not explain why 
she: recanted, Wahlig could not hy-
poIhesize why the woman would 
report having been raped, and then 
recant. 

"I have been working with rape: 
for ten years and have never had a 
false: report, There is that myth out 
thc:rc: about false: reports, but in rc:aI-
ity, only about two percent lR false, 
which is just about the: same as for 
other [types of) crimes," she: said 

According to the "myth," a 
woman accuses a man of rape: to 
hurt him or to gain publicity. In this 
case, however, the woman said when 
she: reported the rape: that she: did not 
know who the: alleged attacker was. 

to Wahlig have suggested that the 
campus police did not inve tigate 
the case well, or arc: covering ~e­
thing up, Wahlig said. But she in-
ists that the: campus police and the: 

university took the case very seri-
ouslyand investigrued it thoroughly. 

According to Wahlig,the: news 
that the: student has now recanted, 
which was publicized last quarter in 
a Community Bulletin, has fright-
ened many female students. She 
said the:y arc: afraid that because of 
this incident campus police may not 
take future reports of rape: seriously. 

"['m really concerned about thal 
I mean, that' s a big hurdle for many 
women, when they make the: deci-
sion to report," Wahlig said 

The UCSD Guardian 

Unfortunately, in this case it didn 't 
happen," Jones said. He went on to 
explain that thi situation is "unfor-
tunate" because many women on 
campus were unnecessarily alarmed 
by the: reported ... ape. 

However. Jones said. the "silver 
lining" to thi case is that people arc: 
now more aware that this kind of . 
assault can happen, and that it can be 
taken seriously by the police. It also 
has heightened aWlRl1CSS and con-
vinced students to lock their doors, 
he: said 

Wahlig added that since the: re-
porlofthe rape was publicized. many 
women who have been raped or 
sexually assaulted have begun to 
seek counseling. 

NEWS 3 

Wahlig said that she has tried to 
find instancc:s of women recanting 
rape, but has found it to be ex-
tremely rare, especially since: most 
rapes go unreported. 

Jones also exprc:ssedconcem that 
female students will be afraid to 
report rapes. "We're very serious 
about [rape cases]. We would hope 
this incident won't have a chilling 
effect on the: female who is raped in 
the future not to report it," he said. 

"It's so very important that this 
community understand thai these 
crimes arc: taken very seriously. 

Cases of reported rape are rare 
on this campus. Last year. one 
woman reported being raped by a 
stranger on campus. Three years 
ago. MOther woman reported a rape 
by an unknown assailant at the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanogra-
phy, according to Wahlig. She said 
that the rest arc: date rapes, which 
most women do not report. 

Bruce Williams of the Tritons' men 's volleyball team dives for a 
spike during their game against George Mason last quarter. 

Students who are concerned 
about the: case and who have spoken 

SDSU A.S. Pledges SUpport to ASUCSD, Coops 
FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 

Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 
San Diego Slate University Associated Students 

President Joumard Collins, in a letter to the UCSD 
co-ops. pledged "full support and solidarity to the 
[UCSD] Associated Students. the University Center 
Board, the University Co-operati ve Association and 
the UCSD student body in your determined ... to 
protect the legitimate rights and concerns of the: 
student-run co-operatives on your campus." 

"We were talking about doing some lobbying 
next quarter. plus a rally on the capitol step here in 
San Diego," Orozco said. 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 

According to Collins, ''This is the first time in 
years that San Diego Slate is going to work with 
UCSD and UCSD with San Diego Stare on issues 
that affect both campuses." 

~ii~~:~~~;;f;,;l35-
Mu.t pr.senlihiHOUpon ~ ..!"p ./13/ 92 

please ask about our ather services such as manicures and hair care! 
1be March 3 letter from Collins states that the 

SDSU A.S. passed a resolution to show it commit-
ment to rights for which all students are fighting and 
finds the UCSD administration to lack confidence 
in student govemments to resolve important issues. 

--------------------"We fell it was important for the two schools to 
worle together." said UCSD Associated Students 
President Agustin Orozco. 

COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 

Orozco said that the student governments at 
UCSD and SDSU may work together in the future. - Mary Betty Heard (619)558-1858 

GRADUATES and UNDERGRADUATES who wish to increase 
their chances of employment in the REAL WORLDI 
The ASIO encourages you to take advantage of our 
internship opportunities In various fields of interest: 

• Arts & Communication • Government 
• BIology & Health • Human Services 
• Computer ScIence • Journalism 
• Economics & Management • Law & Politics 
• Education • Science & Technology 
• Environmental Studies • Urban Studies & Planning 

GENERAL INFO NIGHT 
• MONDAY, APRIL 13tH 
• Price Center Cove (next to Chung King Loh) 
• 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. 

ApPLICATION DEADLINE 

Sao DIego Protnm 199Z-93 ASlO Dlredor POIltIons 
• FlDiy, Ana. 24TH • 
• Apply now for summer and fall 

internship opportunities! 

PICK UP AltltucAIIONI 110 •••• MoNDAy, Ala 6tH 

OPEN MONDAY thru FRIDAY, 9 am-4 pm 
Price Center, 3rd Floor, Room 3.303 
For more info call 534·4689 

50% to 90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

6663 El Cajon Blvd. 
T ue.·Fri. 11·8 

Sat. & Sun. 11-5 
450 .. 3323 

8250 Camino Santa Fe 
Wed.·Fri. 11 ·7 

Sat. & Sun. 11·5 

••• 

y more! 
900/0 



OPINION 
4, OPINION 

£4;lor;o/ Board 
JASON SNELL. Edilor in Chief 
PETER KO. Managing Edilor 
MARY BETTY HEARD. New Edilor 
DEN 8OYCHUK. Opinion Edilor 

TIw UCSD G_dIool p.""_,wl« o .. ccIo 0' ohe Un,v<n.Ity 0( Calif ... ;.. Son 1>0<10 Coo ..... Cl19'l2. 
Vlcw .. ,pmicd Iocr<in_ ......... jl)riry_ 0(,'" OIl' ...... _MIl_ ... -...only _0( .... 
UC IIoud O(~ .......... ASUCSD. _ .......... G __ ...n. 

FEE PROTESTS 

If You Usten to Fools, the Mob Rules 
Student proteSlers are a remarkable breed of people. TIley are an 

elite group of go-getters, a vanguard set on making the students· 
voice heard. Of COUI1iC, whether a majority of students actually 
suppons this band of hard-core activists is a different matter alto-
gether - but the protesters claim to represent student interests and 
the rest of the student body hasn't said anything to the contrary. 

As a group, protesters tend to be foolhardy. bold. steadfast in their 
beliefs, brd.~h, loud and often remarkably asinine. This witles ness 
was demonstr.ued best earlier thi month. when a small but dedi-
cated band of students calling themselves "Direct Action for Educa-
tion" (DAE)decided to occupy aconference room in the chancellor's 
complex in protest of the impending 24 percent registration fee 
increase. The group i sued a series of demands. one of which called 
forthe university to provide transponation for protesters to go to the 
UC systemwide protest held last Friday on the capitol steps in 
Sucmmento. 

The protestors argued that it was the administration' responsi-
bility to support and defend the students. If the students believe that 
the fee increase is bad, then the administmtion should agree and 
support the students. Taking that argument one step further. if the 
students want to voice their indignation about the fee increase to the 
UC Regents or the state legislature. then the administmtion should 
provide the means for the tudents to do so. 111e tudents. after all. 
are always right. As one protester put it. "the administration exists 
because of us. whether [itl realizes it or not. All we want is their 
respect. And money." 

The DAE students initially wanted the administration to pay for 
one bus to transport eager protesters to Sacramento. Then they 
decided that one bus wasn't enough. so they changed it to three. They 
soon realized that three buses might not be enough. either. So rather 
than commit to a pecific number, the demonstrators demanded 
however much money it would take to transport whoever wished to 
go to Sacramento. They asked for $ I 0.000 to transpon an estimated 
150 students to the rally. 

Needless to say, the admini tration didn't go for it. and for good 
reasons. First, and perhaps most imponant. the tudents'demands 
amounted to nothing less than extortion. In effect, the group said "we 
will give you your building back when you give us our money:' 

Second, the students believed they were somehow entitled to the 
money. lbat. of course. is nonsense. The protesters argued that i rthe 
chancellor could have a $ 180,000 yearly salary and live in a 
university-funded mansion with a satellite dish and a swimming 
pool, urely the administration could find $10,000 floating around 
somewhere. 

This is easier said than done. In the last two years, depanments 
have endured budget cuts across the board, and non-essential 
personnel have been let go. Resource are scarcer now more than 
ever before. This is common knowledge. 

111e students were offered acompromise, which they rejected out 
of hand. Vice OIancellor Joseph Watson offered the protesters 
$2,000 to pan ial Iy cover transponation costs, and stated that the A.S. 
would have to pay fOrlhe rest. The students refused. on grounds that 
by definition A.S. funds would be student funds, and they didn 't 
want to pick the tudents' pockets. 

By rejecting Wat.son ·soffer.the protesters threw away their only 
chance for a peaceful and reasonable settlement to theirconflict with 
the administration. Clearly they had no chance of getting the 
$10.000 they felt they needed so desperately. Surely they under-
stood that anything the administration offered them - anything at 
311 - would be a gift. It is remarkable that Watson offered them any 
money at all. 111ey took an all-or-nothing approach and it backfired. 
J f they had been smart. they should have taken the money and run. 

Ultimately, the protesters had to accept a $2.500 grant from 'the 
A.S., which was how it hould have been in the first place. If the 
student body truly believed in the demonstrators' cause. then the 
students should have no problem paying for it. 

And therein lies the problem. While it is safe to say that a majority 
of student oppose the 24 percent fee increase (who. after all, would 
willingly pay more fees?), it i not clear that groups like Direct 
Action for Education truly represent the students. After all. only 20 
or 30 tudents out of an undergraduate population of nearly 15.000 
panicipated in thesil-in UI the conference room,and a lillie more than 
IOO student took part in the highly-touted UC-wide"general strike" 
on Friday. Mar. 6. Those numbers hardly represent a mandate from 
a majority of student by any stretch of the imagination. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30,1992 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

The Trouble With Clinton 
• Questions about the Democratic presidential hopeful's charnctei-
indicate the real problem with Bill Clinton - he's no better than the rest 
By ,.. Mlchnll off as an incredible hypocrite, devoid of any 
AssocIlJte Opinion EdItDr real conviction. 

Everything was a klC simpler back: in Janwuy The scandals thai sunound Clinton only 
- Bill Ointon had been anointed by the media divert attention from the true problem with his 
and the political head honchos as the next Great candidacy. <linlon suffers from what the New 
Democratic Hope. The Atbnsas governor had R~public caI1s "Sudden Pandering Syndrome" 
been touched by the hand of God, it seemed. - tryina to -weal to everyone at once by 
Dinlon was going to cakewalk to the Demo- saying whatever they want to bear. 
cratic nomination. steamroll George Bush in Ointon lives in such dire fear of alienating 
November, and then transform America inIo a voters, thai the positions he takes end up 
modem-day Utopia evading the issue 
of equality and * .. by presenting a ~~;~~ ~am~I~J1:gD n~ =:;~:! 
blind and feed the ~\J ~ 'IJ CMUallyaddresses 
h ... gry with only ~ '" .. the issue. 
two loaves of Richard 
bn:ad. Yes, we had found a new political Brookhiser writes that Ointon's "standard 
messiah before one vote had been cast. It approach to any question is to begin by saying, 
seemed so perfect. &1bcre are three things thai we should do about 
. But the laws of gravity apply to everything, that. ' ... Ointon has 47 positions on the issues 
even unc:tified prcsideotiaI ClWIdidates As of the day, but there is DO way of knowing what 
quickly as he had reached the political stntto- his 48th position will be, or where it will come 
sphere, Clinton ph.anmeted back to earth amid • from. " 
series of OfIIOing character aIIIICks. While SliD Normally, ~ would be nothing wrong 
the DemocUtbC front·runner, Ointon's cam- with Ibis. But for. cmdidate claiming to have a 
paign is in jeopardy, as evidenced by the r.:t vision of America's future. this is hanfly a 
that political flyweight and professional flake straightforward and courageous stance. It is 
Jerry Brown is DOW being taken seriously by nocbing short of evasive and cynical. As a 
the public at large. result, Clinton comes across as slippery and 

It all began before the New Hampshire C4IIcuiated, qualities that have earned him the 
primary with WlSubstantiated charges of marital nickname "Slick Willie." 
infidelity and allegations that Clinton dodged The problem with BiU Ointon is that he is 
the draft during the Vietnam war. Since then, ~tially a candidate with very few personal 
Clinton has been charged wilb ethical no-no's COIIvictiora. Like Brown and Bush, whose 
ranging from conflict of inlereSt to using his stances on the economy and taxes change with a 
influence as governor 10 benefit wealthy shift in the wi~ Clinton will take whatever 
campaign supporters. This "scandaI-a-week" position guarantees his political survival. 
situation. as Brown has called it, has raised Ointon's stance on ending racial divisions in 
questions concerning Dinton's character and America, one of the core themes of his cam-
electability. paign. is typical of his limited approach to an 

The aI.legations made against Dinlon don't issue. Clinton calls for economic empowennent 
challenge his ability to be an effective presi- · to end racial strife. but has yet to offer a detailed 
dent. Whether or not he had a 12-year affair or proposal on bow this would be encouraged. His 
that he played golf at an all-white country club positions on racial qUOlU, welfare, and unem-
does not at all indicate whelher he can balance ployment, Monon Kondracke points out, are 
the budget or conduct foreign policy. What is at geared to avoid offending any ofOinton's 
issue here is Clinton's judgement. At best, the supporters. And in lighl of Ointon's round of 
scandals and accusations make him appear golf at an exclusive Little Rock Country Club, 
opportunistic and shallow. At worst. he comes See CUNTON, Page 5 

Monday, March 30,1992 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
, CUNTON 

ContInued fnJm PICe 4 
his position appear even more calculated. 

This is not to imply that Clinton is some 
son of hideous aberration in the vinuous 
realm of politics. In reality, Clinton is par for 
the course. Politicians are generally a spine-
less lot who will take the stance which gets 
them elected. and Bill Ointon is no exception 
to this rule. 

Student Government Is at the Mercy of the Administration 

While this doesn't cast Clinton as a de-
mon, it cenainly is no reason to lionize him 
either. The rnedilfhas constructed this mythi-
cal image of Clinton as the savior of the 
Democratic Pany and the nation. 

In truth. Clinton is more similar to George 
Bush than anyone would care to admit. Both 
arecareer politicians and seasoned campaign-
ers, and each one is completely devoid of any 
son of lasting vision. 

Just as Bush has been criticized for allow-
ing opinion polls to shape his agenda, Clinton 
is just as guilty of forsaking his principles in 
order to get elected. The 1992 presidential 
race is boiling down to a re-run of the last 
campaign - a choice between the lesser of 
two evils. Only this time. one of the evils is 
masquerading as a saint. 

Editor: 
You tated that the administration got a 

laugh out of the UCB'sdecision to rename the 
Student Center (Mar. 9): as their representa-
tive, you should know. That the administra-
tion has control of the checkbooks of every 
student "government" body on this campus, 
however, is the joke of the century. But then 
the administration knows that student "gov-
ernment" at UCSD is a joke, so they've got 
plenty to laugh about. 

The assenion that the Board has "only 
alienated the administration" is pathetic. TIle 
administration does not need any help on that 
score. As a student from Ireland, [was shocked 
by the administration's dictatorial, contemp-
tuous and paternalistic manner toward tu-
dents: their bullying tactics. constant interfer-
ence in every student ··govemment."the bru-
tality against the co-ops. 

I voted for resolutions on the GSA which 
were "flushed down the toilet" by the admin-
istrahon. Your latest diatribe explains how 
the Board "is hell-bent on destroying its po-

Iitical credibility." I can only take it that you 
refer once again to its credibility with your 
buddie in the adminiSlr.llion. 

Whenever the UCB acts as a "govern-
ment" body. you tell us, the admini!>tr.lIion 
responds that they do "not have the authority" 
to do so. And you explain why this is so: ··the 
administration [is] the one body which has 
power." 

You do not even seem capable of under-
standing the message in your own editorials 
- tudent government at UCSD simply does 
nOl have any political credibility because it 
has no political power. Though how you 
reconcile your own assenion of this fact with 
your claim that the UCB "commands a multi-
million dollar budget" is (almost) beyond me. 
Having only recently arrived in Southern 
California. my I rish mind is still reading "con-
tradiction" when I guess I hould be reading 
"media double-speak." 

Laughter. nonetheless, will continue to 
greet the notion of student democracy in the 
corridors of the administration. and it seems. 

in the offices of the Guardian, as long as 
student "government" continues to roll over 
at the command of the bureaucmts. 

111e latest move by the UCB to reassert its 
democratic authority against the unaccount-
able UCSD bureaucracy is the only way it can 
ever gain credibility. And while we areon the 
subject, I advise you toconcem youl1iClfwith 
the Guardian's credibility - with the stu-
dents that is, not the administration. 

Patrick Carroll 

Tht UCSD Glwrdiall wetcomes your tellers :1I"t 
commentaries. Drop your tCllcr 31100 GlltJl'I/itlll 
orfices (on lhe second noornflhc Student Co.op 
Cenler. above Ihc Generat SIOn: I or lIIait il 10 : 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Ur. 03t6 
La JolI~, CA 92092.03t6 

Lellers shoutd be Iyped. doubte·spaced and IIIIISI 
;1Il'i1ll1, a nmnc :lIId .. phone numOOr. Un.ignro 
tellers wi II nol be pri nlcd. Lcller wrilLrs wi II he 
conltlcled 10 veri fy their idenlilies. We reserve 
lhe rig hI to edit for tength and clarily. 

So what are you? I 
mean, what race do you 
identify yourself as? 

Whatl?l Are you ashamed Yeah, on second thought you're black, but you aren't really 
black .•. I mean you could pass 
for something els8. 

of being black or something? 
You're BLACKI 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

I ow you can keep up your active Ufe-
style "i th I igh ted 
tennjs courts, sand 
volleyball courts 
and fully equipped 
fitness.centers, just 
steps from your 
own front door. 
• FUl'nished alld unfurnished studio. one and two bedrooms 
• Locatiolls clos to ca mpus . 
• 'I'a k ' (Icl\anlag' of Oakwood's t' duc 'cI (I 'posits wilh I ttet' 

of ellmllmt'1Il or c(I.mpus 1.0. 
You·1I also l' nio~ Oak\\ood's resort Clualily s\\ irnming IP'~O.O.IS.·' ~l!fe" 
spas , saUllilS. narlJ I'ooms , big Sl't'( e n 'I" I'ooms • 
ali(I lJarlwcul' un'as. 

~'or InronnllLlolI or t'l-.wrvaUons on 10ClltiOllM In Padnc Beach . (';"ronadu. 1\11s.~lon Valle . 
or t", Jolla please ca ll 619-494)..:;c,400. Or ror tllrunnalhm on u,er 50 location .. 
nationwide please call 1-800-888-0808. 
Models open dally 9·6. Son') no pels. 

Uh ••• mulatto then, or 
bi-cultural. 

apraso 

R 

( 
I 

iN litE pRicE CENIE. 

about mIxed 
that Okay??; 

I AU ESPRESSO & COFFEE DRINKS AVAlWLE ICED I 
The "Sun·' is always shining at 

;~! Holtday CI. Trim & Tan ca 11 
(near UCSD) 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for Q friend 
<Firslllme eI,ents only With this coupon 

30 TAN DAYS $29 A~~~~~ Call lor delatts , 2nd 30 lan days $39.99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a Iremporary wale/loss • Reduce cellullle and strelcl1 mar1ls 11---------, 

I FREE \e I 
I s (l ~ "ACCELERATOR I 



6 

One lime lee--onIy 525 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30,1992 

--ING-FIT® 
AI only $20 • month with no 

contnlcl, you Qf'I'I get • 
better a.rg.In. 

·ASIOIICS • LHCYCUS 
• FRE£ WBGHTS • REDC* STEPS 
• STAIRMASlaIS • CLUII AND SPACIOUS 
·1IAU11l.US • PEMOIW. INSTRUC110N 

·.-.uFROll~ 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind Pars Sport) 
483-9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

THE POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT 

presents a lecture 

by 

Regents' Lecturer 
ROBERT KUITNER 

Economic columnist for The New Republic. Business Week. 
and the Boston Globe. 

Editor of The American Prospect. 

on the topic of 

What is the Nalionalinterest? 

We paid a million 
dollars for the 
answers to this 
year's lSAr, GRE, 
GMAT and MeAT. 

We spend over a million dollars each year research-
ing tests, updating course 
materials. training teachefli and 
eval uating st udents. No wonder 
no other company guarantees 
the score improvement we do. 
Call now to make our invest-
ment payoff for you. 

The United Sillies and the Global Economy 

Thursday, April 2, 1992 
4:00 p.m. 

Cognitive Science Building, Room 003 

The lecture is open to the public and admission is free. 

Mr. Kuuncr is a Regents' Lecturer at UCSD. He wriIa ancIledures widely and bas 
served as na1iona1 staff writer ror The Wa""iot!!ll Pwt: he bas been a chief investigator 

ror the U.S. Senate Commiuee on Bankilll. Housin, and Urban Affairs; as well as 
Executive Director ror Plesidenl Carter's National Commiuion on NeighborJhoods. 
He is aulhor or several books, and with Robert Reich IIId Lcsler Thurow, one of the 

IIIOIl prominent voices ror natioaaI, propasive. economic: policy. 

Tlte Answe, To 
St.ndlIrdized re.ts. 

(6i9} 695·9952 

It cant do laill1d[yor fmd you a date, 
but it can help you fmd more time for both. 

The new Apple" Macintosh' Classic' II 
computer makes it easier for you to juggle 
classes, activities, projects, and term papers-
and still find time for what makes college 
life real life. 

It 's a complete and affordable Macintosh 
Classic system that's ready to help you get 
your work finished fast. It 's a snap to set up 
and use. It has a powerful 68030 micro-
processor, which means you can run even 
the mosr sophisticared applications with ease. 
And its internal Apple SuperDrive'· disk 
drive reads from and writes to Macintosh and 
MS-DOS forma ned disks-allowing you to 
exchange information easily with 
almost any other kind of compU[er. 

... IMrlll __ _ 

In addition to its built-in capabilities, [he 
Macintosh Classic II can be equipped with up 
to 10 megabytes of RAM, so you'll be able to 
run several applications at once and work 
with large amounts of data. 

If you already own a Macintosh ClasSiC, 
and want [he speed and flexibility of a 
Macintosh Classic II, ask us about an 
upgrade-it can be installed in just minutes 
and it's affordable. 

To put more time on your side, consider 
putting a Macintosh Classic II on your desk. 
See us for a demonstration today, and while 

you're in, be sure to ask us for details 
about the Apple Computer Loan, 

It'll be time well spent. 
--=""""-"'-'--0 ,. 

•• 
LJI 5 1 I 
I\()(JK .t(II~1 ~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 

- 4 COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 429'1 
OPEN: MON - FRI 8A11- 8PM Ar--') SAT 10AM - 5PM 

Monday, March 30, 1992 

RALLY 
ContInued from .... 1 
fight the increase and encourage 
other students to do the same. The 
protesters also decided to try to get 
students from both systems to send 
Governor Pete Wilson a package of 
Top Ramen on April 15 as a symbol 
of an average tudent' s diet after 
they have paid for the fee increase . 
The packages should include a oote 
saying that a registeted student voter 
sent it. 

Phil Gasper, a proressor from 
the UCSD Department of Philoso-
phy. was the only faculty member 
from any campus to attend therally. 
He addressed the protesters, saying, 
"I'm here to tell you that the stu-
dents have an enonnous amount or 
faculty suppol1. Education will oot 
be a right unless you fight for it." 

Since the rally was held at noon, 
state employees passed by on their 
way to or from lunch. Some stopped 
to watch the protesters, joining a 
group of schoolchildren who were 
finishing their tour of the capitol 
building. 

UC Davis senior Jason Tescher 
motioned to the schoolchildren and 
said to the crowd. "These are who 
we are fighting for. They are the 
future of California." 

The schoolchildren bUflit into 
applause berore being led away. 

Twelve of the UCSD students in 
attendance rode to Sacramento in 
vans paid for with $2,500 allocated 
to {hem by the Associated Students, 
according to Warren College senior 
Ely Rabani. The students. who las: 
quarter took over the chancellor's 
comple", demanding finWlCial su~ 
poll from the administration. had 
previously refused to take Associ-
ated Students funding, which comes 
from student fees. 

"Student money is an invest-
ment toward preventing the 
privatization or the UC and CSU 
and future fee hikes," Rabani said. 

The two vans left San Diego last 
Thursday at 9: 15 p.m. and arrived 
in Sacramento at 8 a.m. Friday. 

"A Jot of students had the initia-
tive to come on theirown." he added, 
referring to UCSD students who 

The UCSD Guardian 

Sue MapeslGcmlan 
In the shadow of the capitol, UC Davis student Andrew Watson 
demonstrates why he wants to stop the UC student fee hikes. 
found their own mmsponation. with the numberofpeople who took 

Andrew Watson. a senior at UC out time from their vacation to par-
Davis, said he has to work about 20 
hours a week to help pay for his 
education. He estimated that he wi 11 
have to add another 10 houfli a week 
to that in order to pay for the in-
crease. 

"People are really goingtosuffer 
If [fees] go too high," Watson said. 

Despite the small turn-out, 
Tescher, who acted as the main or-
ganizer for Davis' representation, 
tet:me<i the protest "a huge success." 
He said the event was not publicized 
as well as it could have been in 
Davis, where finals week had ended 
the day before, but he was pleased 

ticipate. 
"It was done over spring break to 

show the legislature we're serious," 
Tescher said. "Students need [0 see 
this isn '[ just about $550, not just 
about suspension of cost-of-living 
increases for staff, not just about 
suspension of merit pay. It's about 
where the state is going to be in 
terms of quality." 

Tescher credited the high per-
centage of San Diegans in atten-
dance as one of the major strengths 
of the protest. 

"San Diego was our savior," he 
said. 

~~~~~~~~~~!'!:~n:upreaIlY A 
late. putting out a newspaper twice a week. ~ 

You could be part of this. too. The Guardian is always looking for people to work here. 

~riters. artists ... just about everything. So if you're interested. stop by the Guardian office on the second floor of the Student Center. Or call 534-6580 and ask for Jason or Pete. All UCSD students are welcome. Trained monkeys n96d not apply. 
1 WEEK 

FREE 
with any 3 week Pre·paid program. 

E~pires April 30, t 992. 
Aop __ Fw""_ 

You Are Always SpecIal 
at Diet Center® 

1ft- -, 
I DlICOUNTI 
1=.0 I 

Students I 
--.J rlwtlwxhl·km prr,f#:WOUI.' 

CAll LA JOLLA DIET CENTER TODAY 

459·5979 
7467 Cuvier (off Pearl) 

O"'llIIIr..o..""- .... ___ ...... II1I .... 
....... ..,...., .......... ,.. ...... , 

You'll be .... ng 
GREEN because 

we're READ 
....... AdYertI ..... I14-34 •• 

r , 
London 
$175* 

Frankfurt 
,";s 
Tokyo 
Costa Rica 

'160· 
'JJ'. $Jao· 
'115· 

' .... , f~ «f! each ~ bHed at a rtlUldII1p 
p,xche>ot T-. rot inc~d. Some ~ic· 
lions apply 5O.Jdert St./JIUS /MY Ix 
,",111",..., IssIICd 

Council Travel 
ucso PI1c.: Cm.:r(by till: Post Offie.:) 

451·0630 

NEWS 7 

YES it IS being offered 
SPRING Quarter!! 

• ECON 152 • 
TOPICS IN PUBLIC ECONOMICS 
151638_ 152 Topics in Public Economics 
Tu·Th 1l:30-12:50p.m._ Peterson Hall 102 

Spccia I Topics on the ('conom ics of I he pll hi ir ~erlOr 

1>REREQUISITES: Emn 1-;0 

~ 
SPECIAL S.TANDB~< 
, <' IFt1ffRf;ltRE-S. 

It'. eatIY. just came in (no appointment) 
and take the next available stylist 

-4 $11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut. 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg. $21 ·~26 

Standby fares are subject to 
availability of stylists . To 
insure faster service, it's 
best to come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days : M·F-S 9-6pm; T-W-T 9-Bpm 

HAIR 
SKIN 

NAilS 

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Village Dr. • La Jolla CA 

La Jolla Village Center (Near Ralphs & Savon) 
IVIEN - VVOIVIEN 

ASPIRIN won't cure thai 
"HIGH COST OF 

COLLEGE EDUCATION" 
/.eadache ... 

but 
Financial Aid Resources 

will! 
Serving college freshmen. sopho· 
mores, and juniors, FINANCIAL 
AID RESOURCES is a unique 
new computerized service that 
provides almost every college stu· 
dent with 6 to 25 sources of fi · 
nanciat aid geared to his or her 
individual int8f8sts, qualifications. 
and needs. 

Colt t. only $69 
Resulta are gu .. nteed. 

FINANCIAL AID RESOURCES 
~IIC scn"ire yo" COil" (ifJortlll()I /(/ liSt. 

For free and complete information, 
ca" eoo.eS9·5538 . 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagno. tics. plus eam up 

to $100 per week . 

Plea e call 
MD LABORATORIES 

226·1733 



8 CALENDAR 

II G:ID£I'II1G :J£ilVIG£:; 
MOilday ,',mIlJlh Friday 
• Bam -4:30 p.m - Come 10 lhe OASIS 
Scllola's' Wrltla. Wllbllop for assislatlCe 
wilhyour wriling projecls. We offer individual and 
group lUtoring Slop by York Hall 4070 or call 
534-734410 sel up an appolnlment. 
• 8 am. -4:30 pm. - Let OASIS SbMIy 
......... , Celt. he lp you this Quaner 
with lime management nole taking, mid1erm 
preparation, and test·laking strategies. Stop by 
York Hall 4010 or call 534-7344 to set up a 
personal appointment. Also slay on the lookout 
for those valuable OAStS Study Ski lis Workshops. 
• B a.m,-4'3O pm. - The OASIS I.aItIDIe 
PrDIr. provides assistance to studerlts \\tlose 
nalive language is not English and to those doing 
work in Japanese, Spanish, German and French. 
A diagnoSlic lest on wrinen English as a second 
tanguage is available on request Call: 534-2284 
for more information. Otd Student Center, Btdg. 
A. Room 121 4. 
• 8 a.m.-4.30 p.m, - The OASIS Wrltl •• 
CeII'er is a free service lor all UCSD students. 
We offer one 10 one writing conferences for any 
type 01 writing project - academic papers, 
personal statements. even stories and poems 
Our stalf of trained undergraduates, who come 
from a varrety of academic discipl ines, can help 
you become a more effective wllter. Call 534-
2284 to make an appoinlment or drop by our 
offiCII in the Old Student Center. Bldg A, Room 
1214. Evening appointmenls also available. 

m rlll ·I'l ./ rJ.I~jr. '.' tII !JL J '.I r J !:cJ'.J 
Morula .. rhrollJlh Friday 
• All Day - Do you know your strengths and 
weaknesses in your athletic abilities? You 

the Student Heallh Center. 

can get a FREE pltyslul fI..... \ 
.um, FITSTOP, by signing up for (\ 
an appoinlment at the 2nd floor of 

Mmldav. March 30 :;/ 
• 12-2p m -Doyouknowwhatyour /' 
ebolesterol level is? Come by 1heStudent 
Health Center and find oul what it means. 
Simply pay $3 allhe cashier, then go upslairs 10 
Group III. Student Heal1h Center , 

R ""\ljr'"'' '/ IlIrrl"""'JU'1" II !.JJ1 '..J!.'..J :.! 11 'JIlL:)f f 'J 
Mom/aI' rhr""lIh Frielay 
• 8 a m -4 p m. - SISI PWS (Systems 01 
Interactive Guidance and Intormation) is a 
computer·based program 01 career information 
designed to help you ctarity your skills. values 
and ocrupational interesls. For more inlormation. 
come to Career Services Center. Admission SID. 
• Mentor - II yoU're graduating this Quarter 
and job·seeking, we'll match you with a 
professional in your field of inleresl v.1l0 will ll.t 
you start.d networking in the loc:aljob 
mart.t. Especially hetplullor liberal arts majors 
as an alternative to on· campus intervieWing. Sign 
up wilh the main lobby receptionist. Career 
Services Center. 
• 1.30-4 p,m. - DROP IN ADVISIIli HOORS 

-For help with career goats, job hunting. resume 
preparation or exploring professional or graduale 
school opportunities. No appointment necessary, 
Just walk in. Career Services Center. 
T""dal', Marclt.l / 
• 1.30·p.m. - MAIIlETABlf RUUME -
Learn how to make a positive firsl impression 
wilh your resume. career Services Center. 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - Labl .... II BlselNI 
W ... 'I Support Group. Led by Cheti and 
lisa. Aweekly, conlidential group lor women v.1l0 
want to discuss1ssues and share concerns in a 
comlortable, supportive environment. Drop·ins 
welcome. or call 534-3987 for more inlormation. 
Open to UCSD students only . Women's Resource 
Center. 
Thursday, Apri/ :: 
• 11 '30 a m. - IIfT£RVlEWUIG SIUW 
WOIIISHOP - Learn techniques required to be 
successful in the interviewing process. Career 
Services Center. 

The UCSD Guardian 

• 6.30-8 p m. - &.y .11 ............. , 
SIIppert GroIIp. led by peer counselors David 
and Steve. A weekty. confidential group for men 
who want to discuss issues and share concerns in 
a comfortable, SUPtl0rtiveenvironmenl. Dro~ins 
wetcome, or call 534-3987 lor more information. 
Open to UCSD students only. Mountain VfW 
Lounge, Third College. 
Friday, April 3 
• 11 '30 a m. - EFFECTIVE JOB SEARCH 
STRAnin WORKSHOP - 80% 01 all jobs 
vacancies are not advertised. This worf<Shop will 
teach you the most ellective way 10 find them. 
Career Services Center. 

MOllda." '''ro''II'' Frida .. 
• AlPHA UPPA PSI, the nation's largest 
bus iness organization is tooking for enthusiastic 
men and women to participate in SPRING RUSH, 
Find oul more at our information tables in the 
Price Center. 
Till' dal', Mllreh 10 
• 6 p:m - WIId_ CIIIb Matti ... 
Backpackl •• , mountain biking & various 
recreational activities. Come join the fun. Gallery 
A, Price Center (2nd lloor above the lheater), 
lVt'dJlt'sda.l', April/ 
• 5 p.m. - Asian American cuHure is not just 
limited 10 chow mein and chop suey. Join bit 
Wilt HIriDII, UCSO's Asian/Pacific Istander 
American journal, as we eKplore issues & 
commonalities ... call Leng at 260-1882 or Erick 
al622-{x)71formore info. Room 207, Old Student 
Center, 2nd floor above SoN Reserves. 
• 7-9 p.m. - L&IA - Emergency business 
meeting. We'll be discussing regular meeting 
tir1lP. and quarter's evenls. All welcome! North 
Conference Room. 
Thllrsdov. Marf'I, 12 
• 7 p.m. ~Sarf CIIdI meeting every Thursday 
at 7 p.m. in APM 2113. Beer and videos. 

II valr:; & fl!:~flBHlOil 
MOllda." "mmgll Frida." 
• 8 a.m.-11 p.m. - Rosa Felice, an artist and 
staff member at UCSD. will have a West Coast 
...... 1I1_~"_ '*Ie .... I~I .... 
• eaftII inthe Price CenterGalleriesAandB, 
Guests should call 534-7666 to confirm H the 
galleries will be open on a _day. Galleries 
open to the public on Sundays, between 10 a.m. 
and 6 p. m. Through May 2. 
Tllt'sdol'. Morch 3/ 
. 12-1 p.m.- ,..CIII .............. 

Price Center plaza. 
• 8 p.m. - Fitm: "RetI 
Out." Mandeville 
Auditorium. $5 general, $4 
students. 
Wl'dllr.lday. April I 
• 11 a.m.· 1 p.m. - lIIIII.-. 
Gat, Blluual AIIocIatIOll 
will hosla lunch on the HUMP, 
old Student Center. to kick all 
spring quarter's events. Call 
534-GAYS lor more 
information. 
Tlmrsda." , A"rill 
• 6:30 p.m. - Film: "Capt 
F .. ." Price Center theater. 
Admission $1. Film repeats al 
9 and 71:30p.m. 
Friday . April 3 
• 7 p.m, - Thealer: "TIle 
I.8It ......... " SH 107. A 
playby80bSiegel. S6general . 
$4 senior citizens. faculty/staff 
and studenls. Repeats SahlrdJy. 
April 4, 10& I'. 
. 8-10p.m.-PsiChiOmega 
presents Dllllr •• till 
"JPlDtI.1. Price Center 
Baflroom A. Free admission. 
Sal/lrday. A,,,iI4 
• 8:30 a.m. -
"aa,tIUOIIS to ...... 
E.'lra_._' .... Scripps 
AQuar ium·Museum. A symposium and 
workshops for teachers and !he public. $20 
symposium (8:30 a.m.-12 p.m.). Workshop and 
symposium $30. Advance reservations required. 
Call 534-8665. 
• 12-4:30 p.m. - 1IIIrIIIar. '12, Matthews 
cul-de·sac. Food, vendors, games. Reve!1e BaHIe 
of the Bands. 
• 9p,m.- ........ , Scripps Aquarium· 
Museum. Alter a lecture and film head to !he 
beach to search for !he elusive grunion. $7 adull 
$3 children 7-13. children under 7 are free. 
Children must be accompanied by an adu". 
Advance reservations required. Call 534-FISH. 
.9p.m,-l a.m·- ......... IIIr.1IIauI 

AIIIc~'" at the Ofd Pub. Come oul 
for the first dance of an ....,. atlta spring 
quarter. For more information call 534-GAYS. 

Th"rsday, April 1 
• 4p.m.-............. ecooom«:ookJrmisl 
for te Business WfW.. The New ~ic m !he 
Boston Globe will giYe a IIee pOOIic !«:Me on 
................. ........,1111 .... 
_ .. III ..... t....,."1<i.b is 

Monday, March 30, 1992 

Gucwu Fie Photos 

the aJIhor rJ several !xJOO, including Th! End of 
Laissez·Faire: csa 003. 

TI/(sdal'. Marclr 3' 
• 5:30 p.m. - Ramadhan mubarak to all 
brothers and sislers! The MSAmeets for a IIIfIIck 
1tIIr. Also Friday at 12:30 p.m. for salaataljuma'a. 
For more info call Yusuf al558-6474. 
IVtdllt'sdoy, April' 
• 6 p.m. - We're not looling about the 
1I111e11.. .11. served to students by 
members of. University Lutheran Church, in the 
Fellowship Room. University Lutheran Church 
(across !he street from Revelle College). 
. 7p.m.- ..... ....,resumesalUniverslty 
llJthnl Church led by Peter Norris. Everyone is 
welcome. University Lutheran Church. 
SIll/do.\'. April 5 
• 10:15 a.m. - ... led by Lutheran 
Ccrnpus Pastor JOOn i'tJber. Open toall. Uni~ity 
Lutheran Church. 
• 11:30 a.m. - A ..... ...... ttl .... is 
shown for Lent, "Ripples of Darkness, Waves of 
light: as part 01 the 'Yeshua' series, Open to 
eveI)'One. University lu1heran Church. 

Monday, March 30, 1992 

REFERENDA 
ContInued from .,. 1 

However. Holmes said. "Some 
parts [oftheconstitutionll feci were 
fundamentally flawed from the be-
ginning. For example. the student 
advocate was ori ginally intended to 
be an elected position. Students 
should be able to select their own 
legal representatives:' 

The queslion of whether to elect 
or continue to appoint the student 
advocate will appear on the A.S. 
ballot this year. 

One resulting change to the posi-
tion. if it becomes an elected one, 
would be that the student advocate 
would be allowed to vote on council 
issues. 

"The student advocate repre-
sents individuals and also broader 
groups of people, He or she should 
represent the students. but also be 
made accountable to the students," 
said Holmes. 

The last constitutional referen-
dum has been hotly debated among 
council members. 

The referendum will ask studenls 
if they would like to change the 
traditional election of class senators 
from one senator from each class to 
one appoinled first year studenl and 
lhree students of any class - se-
niors. juniors and sophomores -
from each college. 

Paul Wilcox, A.S. commissioner 
of Operations, Services and Enler-
prises and author of lhe amend-
menl, contended that this would al-
low more qualified students to run 
for senator. 

Orozco added, "So many times 
one position has no one running. 
whereas anolher position has lot of 
candidates. This amendment will 
open the way for willing and quali-
fied candidates." 

Some A.S. members. however, 
voiced their concern that the coun- . 
cit could lose its class diversity. 

However, Orozco said. ''This 
amendment will still allow for 
younger students to get involved. It 
will make the A.S. vel)' strong." 

TIle past year has fostered de-
bates on imponant issues involving 
student rights and the power of stu· 
dent government. 

Four referenda submitted by 
University Center Board Chair 
Molly McKay deal with lhe power 
of student government entities. 

Onequestion asks if student gov-
ernment boards should be delegated 
full autonomy from the university 
adminstration. If student govern-
ment boards were autonomous, all 
final decisions made by the boards 
would not be subject to universily 
approval. 

"Students assess their fees them-
selves. II's their money," McKay 
commented. 

Although full financial autonomy 
would dramatically change the role 
of the A.S., the A.S. has set up a task 
force to investigate its legal options. 

Another question concerns the 
right of student govenunent boards 
to hire outside legal counsel. 

TIle Graduate Student Associa-
tion. the A.S. and the UCB were all 
denied the right to hire outside legal 
counsel this year by the administra-
tion. 

However, student government 
bodies at all other UC campuses 
have the right to hire outside legal 
counsel. 

With this referendum. students 
will be able to vote on how they feci 
about student government autonomy 
and also on whether the UCB has 
the righUo approveon-campus ven-

See REFERENDA, page 12 

The UCSD Guardian 

• Brakes 
I J SUSPENSION . Tune·up OPENN«> 
I. Pl..US . Struts , SOONIN I. . Front Ends ENCINITAS 
I~ SPECIALTY eEM fERS • Alignments 
rl FOUR:WHEEL II FREE AUGNMOO rr F;~ w'he:i 0';;1 I· CHECK! 1 Service $5995 1 1 BRAKE 1 Computerized 1 Special ... ,bool l 
1 SPECIAL 1 Front End $2495 1 c~=~~.r' 1 $6995 Alignment mos' ro" t-MosiCIIS E ••• .,' 3/92 -t 1 1 ----1 ..=~, 1 Strut Package 1 1 """, .. ,. "A:~== Special 
1• __ ......, 1 1 1 RopIoct pallid shots • mac/wIt four·whNllIIgnmtnt. Gas cartridges (pair) 
II. --"" o4Inanddnrns·c:!Itd< h [TII.d<s&.,.".tml ~ 1 

r-fREE maslO<cyitmf·c:!Itd< _ u:: =~ $11995 ploSS: 1 == ~.:: hi. Front End Super Struts (pair) low as 1 ~ED'f ::::==- 1 Alignment 1 $15995 1 
S'l'ORE .... L--,I &4-TIre $1995 1 Ldtb",....-yF'"~OfI1 I 
....II1II _". _ Rotation ... "',........lAosIan. 
..-.::.. ~(-... ~ 1 rots«orIy Moslan (rudIs L. _ ~".!:2_ .... 

- .. :JE ••. "'3m L.!. ...:::r!!'~319';" ~ Tune-up 951 
L ..... - - - _r- $4495 & oil chanae$44 
";'"1 011 Change 1 4-WheeI 1 ............. spa.rplugt and. I"u< 1 

Compu1eriDd AlIgn I ."",.-. ... JlOW'I' alld .. " 1 Special lnclulos:libt._ 1 St'ClSItlcambe< S=:,t 1 ~:V;=~and 1 
1$1495 fill .... ~105 __ 1 manulaclutfrSSj)OQficaIlOllS 1 fi . .. · lLl>ecila.... 1 .rv..."... - stwn.& ..... ma. ' =~-;;;.:r 
L cars. EJIp . .,13/92 • E.p, "'3/92 • "Vhf< E.p. '.,13192 ..I ------...-----~-----

• SUspension lifts • Body Ufts and Lowerings Available 
Miramar Auto Center E' • Winston Square 
6696 Minnar Rd. #1 _ 3112 Midway Dr. #0 
558-8562 Mon ·Fr r 8 a.m -6 pm 223-2248 

Sat 8 a m -4 p m 

JEFF 
MARDER 
WEDNESDAY,APRILS· SPM 
UNIVERSITY·OF CALIFORNIA 

SAN DIEGO 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS $1 • GENERAL $4 

UCSD lOX OFFICE • '34-6467 

NEWS 9 

II/ \ \ /I (() \ 11 I I< " / R \ I f) J ~ () I< () I< If} 1. \ (/11 \ (,1: \ .' 
WlDNISDAY NIGHTS fro. 6 to 10 PM are 

UeSD NIGH' 
at ~~u. ~.(l~ ~~\t (J)()~ 

~ 
~ 

of 
.,Ull $499 

CHEESE 
PIHAS 
$5.99 UC 0 so 

Del Mar Heights Rd. &' 
o ~ 

S1\JfT (') 
PIZZA g 

~ 
~ I wilh proof of 211 

12S4f1t \1<\IU. lOl \11<\ I<O.\J)·I'H()\USl·SILF 



10 The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30, 1992 

LAST DAY TO FI LE: MONDAY, MARCH 30 

A.S. OFFICES, 3RD FLOOR, PRICE CENTER 

LAST DAY TO FILE: POSITIONS AVAILABLE : 
March 30th, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 
See Anna, A.S. Secretory, • President 
3rd Floor, Price Center • Vice President Administrati 

• Vice President Finance 
• Vice President External 

CANDIDATES I MEETING: 
March 30th, 5:00 pm Commissioners: 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 
Price Center, 2nd Roor • Commissioner of 

MANDA TORY111 

CAMPAIGNING BEGINS: 
March 30th, 8:00 pm 

PRIMARY VOTING DAYS: 
April 7th, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
April 8th, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
April 9th, 10:00 am - 2:00 pm 

PRIMARY POLL LOCATIONS: 
April 7th, Tuesday, 

at your respective college: 
Revelle Plaza 
Muir -MOM 

Enterprises 
• Commissioner 
• Commissioner 
• CommissljDnf;!r 
Senators: 

• Revelle 
Sophomore 
Junior 
Senior 

• Muir 
Sophomore 
Junior 
Senior 

• Third 
Sophomore 
Junior 
Senior Third - Peterson Hall 

Warren - Apt. Commons 
Fifth - Pepper Canyon 

April 8th, Wednesday, 
Price Center Plaza 
Gym Steps 

RUNOFF ELECTION VOTING: 
(if necessary) 

April 9th, Thursday, 
Price Center plaza 
Gym Steps 

April 15th,Wednesday, 
10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

RUNOFF POLL LOCATIONS: 
Price Center Plaza 
Gym Steps 

. ons, Services & 

""""''''''""ic Affairs 
munications 

. 

rogrammlng 

• Warren 
Sophomore 
Junior 
Senior 

• Fifth 
Sophomore 
Junior 
Senior 

Monday, March 30,1992 

• 

STUDENTS OF COLOR 
CONFERENCE 
Saturday, April 24 

thru 
Monday, Apri 126 

at UClrvinc 
For registration go to the A.5. Offices, 
3rd floor PrIce Center, or call 534-4450 

for more information 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Floor 
COl11e and get involved!! 

A.S. FILM SERIES 
CAPE FEAR 
Thursday. April 2.6:30,9:00. 11:30 
Price Center Theater 
$1.00 

AS STUDENT ADVOCATE OFFICE 
·Accessible and effective resource for helping 
students solve administrative problems. 
Monday · Friday . 9 :00 al11 . 5:00 pm 
Third Floor Price Center 
Contact your Student Advocate, Monica Copado at 
5344450·· we can l11ake a difference 

FSSI 
LUNCH 
Spring Quaner: April I and April 8. II :30·2:30 pm 
Patio behind Round Table Pizza 
Join Faculty, Staff. and other student s each 
Wednesday for lunch. 

A.S. PROGRAMMING 
MEETING 
Every Tuesday. 5:00 pm 
Siudent Leadership Chambers 
Everybody welcome! 

INTERNA TIONAL CLUB 
DISNEYLAND TRIP 
Saturday. April I I 
Meet at International Center at 8:30 am and return 
9:00 pm same day. 
Limited number of tickets -- buy them no ..... ! $30/ 
person. transponation and admission. Sign up and 
pay at International Center office before April 9th. 

INTERNATIONAL CENTER LIVE-IN 
RESIDENT INTERN POSITIONS A V AILABLE 
FOR '92-'93 YEAR 
Information Meet;ng 
Monday, April 13. 5:00pm 
International Center Lounge 
For all those interested in leadership experience and 
international exchange, go to Career Services for 
job referral. 

"GRAFFITI ART FROM AROUND THE 
WORLD AND MURALS WITH A MESSAGE" 
Monday, April 6. 6:30 pm 
International Center Lounge 
First International Club meeting for Spring Quaner 
AS NEWSFLASHES is produced by the Associated Stu· 

dents of UCSD. To have an advenisement placed in AS 
NEWSFLASHES. pick up a fonn outside the AS Secretary's 
door. 3rd floor Price Center. Deadline is every Wednesday at 
noon . Advenisements are ~ubiectto soace availability 

The UCSD Guardian 

EARTH DAY COALITION 
Eany Day is coming! This year's festival will be on 
April 24th. Volunteers are needed to help publicize 
and coordinate the event. Come to our meeting: 

Wednesday , 7:30 pm 
Office on the Second floor of the Student Cenler 
(Above Soft Reserves) 

Call 534·7909 for more information 

UNION OF JEWISH STUDENTS (UJS) 
KOSHER PASSOVER SEDER 
Friday, April 17. 7:00pm 
Muir Top of the Quad (Cafeteria) 
Reserve ticket s for UJS Kosher Pa sover Seder 
J1.(lli'. at Office of Religious Affairs. 502 Matthews. 
Call 534·2521. 

UCSD SCUBA CLUB 
MEETING 
Wednesday. April 8. 7:00 pm 
Come see the NAVY SEALS! You've seen them in 
the movies, no ..... see them in person. Mark your 
calendars no ..... . 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
Dinner Pany/ Meeting 
Thursday, April 2,7:00 pm 
Meet oUlside of Peterson Hall · facing parking lot 
Come & take part in the Armenian Genocide 
commemorative events! 

VEGETARIAN RECIPES 
... are wanted by the Earth Day Coalition. We're look-

ing for some lasty. healthy recipes for our Eanh Day 
Newspaper in April. Drop the recipes through the slots in 
our office window. That's in the Student Center above Soft 
Reserves, room 208 

"UNDERSTANDING CULTURES & 
COMMUNICATION AMONGST GROUPS 
IN TODA Y'S WORLD" 

A leoders"ip .l'emiIlOrpre.l'elll('{/ hy SlIIdellt Orgal1i:a 
liollS & Leoc/ash Ol'l'ortlillilit'S 
Speaker: Denise Campbell. Dean of Student Affairs. 
Warren College 
Wednesday. April 15.7:00 pm 
Price Center Gallery B 

NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE 

SOCIAL POTLUCK 
Sunday, April 5. noon 
Come suppon NASA and meet other Native 
American students 

AUTHORIZED PROPAGANDA 
New. and Views 01 the A5UCSD 

IS COMING OUT 
SECOND WEEK OF SPRING QUARTER 

(hopefullyl) 
Submi .. ions are due hy 

Wednesday, April 1, 1992 
A.S. Offices, 3rd floor Price Center 

LeHer. to the editor, concern., 
articles, reports, letters to your 

repreHntative., etc are welcomel 

We are also looking lor staH 
writers, reporters, editors, graphic 

artis's, etc. 

II interested, call Randolph 
Siwa_ •• y, Commissioner 01 Public 

Relations, at 534-4450 

II 

WE NEED You 
8Aee~US 

(Boosl Alcohol Consciousness Concerning 
the Health o. Unl,erslty Students) 
Be a Founding Member and Bring 

Bacchus 10 UCSD 

opportunities for: 
• Planning Alcohol Awareness Week 
- Helping and Informing Sluderds on 
alcohol Issues 

• LeadershlppasHlons 
- Haling fun and meeting new people 

n IntnSled call Diane at Third College 
Residence fe at 534-'" 

Sponsored b, ASUCSD 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Are you interested in volunteering but just 

don't ahve the time? Come join us in the "Hands On 
San Diego" Volunteer Program. It 's only for one day 
and there's lots of issues that you can choose to 
participate in , like Homelessness. woelters. and 
Literacy. The event is on April I I, 1992. Come by or 
give us a call if you are interested!!! 

Olso a resource for you to find a wide range of 
one day and on·going volunteer opportunities. If you 
would like to find out more infomlation come by and 
see us! The Volunteer Connection is open 9-5. M·F. 
We are located on the third floor of the Price Center. 
rm 3.302. and our phone number is 534·1414. 



12 NEWS The UCSD Guardian 

Come in for a quick byte CONTACT LENS 
You have the right ideas ... but you don't have the Mac to make 
them happen. At Kinko 's, we have the solution! You 'l1 find the $79 $99 

Complete Complete tools you need to get the job done right in 
our comfortable work area. 

• In-store Macintosh· computer rental 

• Laser printers 

Daily Soft Lenscs 

$159 
Complete 

Extcnded Soft Lcnse 

$199 
Complete 

• A selection of leading software F!:==::::==:::' Daily gas perm. hard 
~-------------- .... ..,."!"-:01 
I $2.00 ofT per hour 
: on Macintosh rental 
I Bm. chil COI..,on into the Kir&O'1 lilled and live 01\ m-Slln, sdf·savice 
I Macinlolh·COllpIkrrmal time. <ncoupon pcrCUSlOlllCr. Nm valid willi 00Icr 

offen. Crupm good through April 1, 1992. Idnko'S. S.rvlc. • Qu.Ut)' E)'.c.r. 
: Open 24 hours ~ 
I 457·3775 483-1842 the copy center ~; CLAIREMONT 279-5858 

• R ••• o ... bl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Claircmonl Mcsa Blvd. 3938 Adam. Avc. 

Hour : Mon.-Fri . 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 
I La Jolla Pacific Beach ! V s I ~ I,k L.~,:,:~, !!la ~: .!8!G: .::.,=_. __ ~_ .. J'J. 

WHAT 
THE 

GREEK 
SYSTEM 
CAN OFFER 

~FRATERNITY 
:::J 
* 

* C> 
~ 
* ~SPRING 1992 e Academics * Athletics * Community Service 
~ Leadership * Social 
·x-

~ Information Night 

-J!-

~ 
* M 
Z 
* M 
:::J 

Wednesday, April 1 ,1992 
Price Center Ballroom A 

7:00 pm 

Fraternity Forum 
Wednesday, -April 1, 1992 
Price Center Ballroom B 

7:30-10:00 pm 
*RaJistratDn wll fa(e pcre at 700 pn 
in Ballroom A 
We Look Forward 
to Meeting You. 

Monday, March 30, 1992 

PRINCE 
ContInued from ..... 1. 
took place on Jan. 12, 1990. 

"It's unfortunate," he said. " I'd 
rather have witnesses [on the tand) 
the day after it happens, But that's 
not realistic." 

Lamborn also said that he ex-
pects the defense to ask that the trial 
be moved out of San Diego county. 
However. he noted that other high-
visibility coun cases. such as the 
murder trial of La Jolla socialite 
Beny Broderick. had not · been 
moved out oCthe county. 

The arraignment Thursday fol-
lowed Municipal Coun Judge Parri-
cia Cowett's Mar. 12 ruling that 
there had been enough evidence 
presented in a preliminary hearing 
to send Prince to trial. As a result of 
Cowett's ruling. Prince will be 
placed on trial for32differentcounts, 

Prince is charged with six mur-
ders, as well as burglaries and at-
tempted burglaries, assault. inde-
cent exposure. and perjury. Among 
the murder victims was UCSD . e-
nior Janene Marie Weinhold. 

Link will meet again with attor-
neys on both sides on April 14 to 
discuss the case and begin work on 
choosing a trial date. 

REFERENDA 
ContInued from page 9 
dor contracts. 

A question authored by John 
Ed on, vice president of the Univer-
sity of Califomia Student Associa-
tion, will ask students if they want 
an additional 10 cents diverted from 
the $13.50 the AS. receives from 
each student 's fees to go the UCSA 
for lobbyists in Sacramento. 

Edson said the additional money 
would increase student power in 
Sacramento and help keep fees 
down. 

A.S. members are concerned that 
students will not exercise their right 
to vote. which they feel is very im-
ponant. 

''I'm hoping students will see 
what they are voting for... they will 
pick the individuals and issues that 
will change UCSD," Orozco said. 

WE CHAWNGED KAPlAN 
TD COMPARE THOR 
RESULTS TO OURS: 

LSAT: 9 points 
GMAT: 90 points 
GRE: 230 points 

.~raac KIOR imPhA<aD!2I11 

NOT SURPRISINGLY, 
THEY DECUNED. 

For The Best Prep 
Call 695·9952 
The 
Princeton Review Wex ___ 

Monday, March 30, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 13 

• Fill-ins 

Get the Best 
For Your 

Money's Worth 

• Sculptured Nails · Linen & Silk at $2.37 
• Tips & Acrylic' Pedicure · Gel 

• Hot Oil Manicure your choice of 
• French Manicure 
• Regular Manicure 

1. 1/2 veggie sub, Potato Salad & sm. Drink 
2. Soup, Chips & Drink 

C affnow 224-2818 3. Hot Dog, Fries & Drink ,sports ?Irena ?lrea 
.llU :7?o.secrons 

00 YOU G£f ALONG WEll wrrn 
KANGAROOS & KOALAS? 

~CON5IDER A YEAR 
DOWN UNDER 

wilh lhe UC Education Abroad Program 
in Australla for 1993! 

Information Session: on 1\'1'/11 Zealalld, Alls/mlia. 
Sf//{(lY'lflorli 0ppol1lll/i/ies 

Tuesday, April 8 
':3().3 p.m. 

CIII/ 534- / 123 Qr I# fllbl' PlOgrtllllS Abl'(l(ld Office 
(1Ilbe Iwen/mlOl/rtf emler Jor mOle tll/omlill/Oll 

APPUCAnON DEADUNE: Monday, May 8 

International Center 
eonNrenc. 

Room 

• 

11111 1-' 
FROGEN YOZUAT, &steve's!! 

---------------------------,---------------------------

FREE YOGURT 
or ICECREAM 
Buy one cu p or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser Value 
for Free. 

Must present this ad at t ime of purchase 
O ffer subject to revocat ion without rotlce 

D,scount s no t valid with other discounts 
or coupons Maximum d iscount on a ny 

pu rchase IS S3 00 Toppongs not Included 
Good Only at Cos ta Ve rde 

Ill.U.IS ExpIres 4/30/92 

FREE YOGURT 
or ICECREAM 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser Value 
for Free. 

Must present this ad a t tIme of purchase 
Offer subjec t to re toon wi thout rotlce 

Discount s no t valid WIth o the r d ,scoun t 
or coupons Ma ximum d,scount on any 

purchase is S3 00 ToppIngs not Included 
Good O n ly a t Costa Ve rde 

Exptres 4131)/92 

---------------------------7---------------------------
FREE YOGURT 
or ICECREAM 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser Value 
for Free . 

Must present this ad at tome of purc hase 
Offer ubJec t to revocat Ion WIthout notice 

Discount s no t valId with other d,scounts 
or coupons . Maximum discount o n any 

purchase IS S3.00 To ppongs not Included 
Good Onl y at os ta VerdI! t 

FREE YOGURT 
or ICECREAM 
Buy one cup or cone 
and receive 2nd of 

equal or lesser Value 
for Free. 

Must present this ad at t ime of purchase 
Offer subjec t to revocation wi thout rotlce 

Discount s not valid with o the r d iscount s 
or coupons . Maximum discount on any 

purchase is S3 00 ToppIngs not Inc luded 
G ood Onl v a t 0 ta Ve rde 

Ill.U.'S Expl~ 4/30/92 : Ill.U.'S Exptres 4/31)/92 
I 

--------_._.------------------------------------------in the Costa Verde Shopping Center 
8650 Genessee Ave. • San Diego· 450-3044 

Directly Across From University Towne Centre 

Zip'. Tummy Buster, UCSD Price Center . 458-0070 

STRATFORD 
COFFEE OU§E 
Open 7am - 5pm ~f~ 7 Days a Week ' f: 481-8590 

1307 Stratford Court .:;:. Del Mar (corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salads 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salad _ 
• Quiche .<? 

______ ..r 

The 

, 
, ) 

• G o urme t Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

• Cappuccino 
• Dani shes 

• Scones 

GENERAL STORE CO-OP 
• 

has the books for: 
ANTHRO 12 .. . 810 1.2,10,13, 101, 107.111.131. 144, IS:{ , 1(,-1. liL . 
CHEM 6A-C, 13, 14:sA-c .. . LIN G 6:L,LIT 171... 
MMW 3,6 .. . MATH lA-C, 2A-C, 2DA , 2EA. 2F, 4C .. . 
PHIL 10 ... PHYSI CS lA-C, 2A-C, lO ... POLI SCI 10. 12 .. . 
PSYCH 1,6, 16, 60, 101, 103, 104, 105, 100, 163 ... S0C SCI w .. . 

... at 10% BELOW 
BOOKSTORE Prices! 

OPEN MON • .fRI. 
8:45 am-6 pm 

SHOP CO-OP AND SAVE! 



I. SPOIlTS 

VCR Extension 
Summer '92 

On-Site 
Total 

Immersion 
Asian 

Language 
Studies 

The UCSD Guardian 

INTENSIVE I" I JAPANESE, FUKUYAMA 
UNIVERSITY 

FOUR-WEEK PAOGRAII 
•~=E SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY 

SIX-WEEK PAOGIWI 

L..,n to ..... rud and wrttl ........ or KG .... n In 'hue Intenelw 
"10'" Immeralon" prog....".. In uch progrtm twelve unite of 
undergrllduMa degree crlldlt or poatgrlldum. crlldlt can be .. med, the 
equlv.lent of the ftrwt y .. r of colleg.level ~uage 8tudy. 

Participants will be housed with 
Japanese families to gain greater 
understanding of the culture as 
well as the language. Cost indudes 
airfare. meals. accommodations, 
books. supplies. and some local 

Cost includes airfare , dorm 
accomodations (no meals), books, 
supplies, two local lours, and some 
locallransportation. 

Tenalive dates: June 23-Augus110 
FCK: transportation. Tuition: $2830 

sludmu wllo~ inUrrJU ur eaTtin' pltJru 
draw th.nl to JafNln or KCKttJ 

those wanting a uniqtu and _aningful 
rum",," uaming txpwimu 

Ucc!)o 500K6TOQE 

MARCH 30 a AM-a PM 

MARCH 31 a AM-a PM 

APRIL 1 a AM-7 PM 

Tenative dates : July 2-August 1 
Tuition: $3000 

For fur1herlnformlillon, call ... rton, (714) 717-4102. 
University Extension • U~vertlty of CalHoma.. Rlveraide 

0PQINC QU6H J)t\CKPt\CK 0PECTt\L 
• 

OUTDOOR 
S.omlok r .. lhoutder 

• srrop reinforcemenr 

PRODUCTS 

SUMMIT 

Moin comportmenr 
operu on a sides 

P AdJusrob~ foom ACK podd~ $houlder 
SIT'OpS 

_~_ Conylhonqloop 

. ~--- Handy zipper pull 

NOW 
$22.50! 

Originally $32.25. 

l.ftMjmrrJ 534 - READ b.."T~ 

Moncby, March 30,1992 

SWIM 
CoIIIInuId ........ 20 

Allison Dunn finished fifth in 
the 200-yard breaststroke with a time 
of 2:26.00, just two-tenths of a sec-
ond off the school record. 

Lumbroke herownschool record 
in the 200-yard butterfly as she raced 
her way to a time of 2:06.1. 

For the Triton men. knocking the 
Lords off their throne seemed next 
to impossible. Kenyon won its 13th 
straight national title. the first team 
in any spon in any division in the 
NCAA to do so. 

UCSD could only counter the 
Lords' 646 points with 361 of its 
own, still good enough for second. 

Travis Miller led UCSD as he 
won the 200-yard backstroke forthe 
second consecutive season. Miller 
posted a time of I :49.93. In the true 
spiritofacoach, Boyd st ill demanded 
nothing but the best from Miller. 
"Travis was con istent, but he's ca-
pable of much better," he said. 

Still. Boyd was extremely im-
pressed with the men's perfor-
mances. '1lley totally amazed me," 
he said. "They swam about as well 
as a team could swim from top to 
bonom.'· 

TIle Tritons opened the meet by 
knocking off Kenyon' s 200-yard 
freestyle relay team to take first. 
John Flowers. Gabe Spire, Mike 
Pahland and Judd Glasser swam 
what Boyd called "the best swim of 
the meet." 

Freshman Spire led off the relay 
with a time of 20.99 for his 5O-yard 
leg. He also added a 45.89 perfor-
mance for his leg in the 4OQ..yard 
freestyle. Both qualified as top five 
times. in Triton his~ in their re-
spective events. 

Flowers swam his way to second 
in both the 50 and 1000yardfreestyies 
with times of 20.64, and 45.60 re-
spectively. 

Taylor Spanglortook sixth place 
in the 1000yard breaststroke and 
eighth in the 200-yard breaststroke. 
His time of2:07.53 broke the exist-
ing UCSD record. 

Jeff Vance, UCSD's only com-
peting senior, swam his way to a 
time of 52.5 in the 1000yard back-
stroke and I :53.4 in the 200-yard 
backstroke. 

An enthusiastic Boyd is looking 
forward to next season with a young 
team. "We're going to be a lot stron-
ger," he said. "It's going to bea great 
year." 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from page 18 
outhitthe Kingsmen 10-9 . 

Yates felt the tournament pro-
vided good experience for his pitch-
ing rotation, because the rapid suc-
cession of games stongly resembles 
the post-season fonnat. "We have 
some good people," he said, "but 
it 's a defini te test. " 

Yates said he feels the squad has 
met its goals so far this season by 
posting an8.Q... I recordinthemonth 
of February and a 6-3 record in the 
month of March. April. he says. is 
the month to "finish strong" for this 
Triton team, which has beaten its 
opponents by an average score of 
7.9103.7. 

UCSD will host Christ College 
ofIrvineon Wednesday at 3:00p.m. 

The Guardian 

R .... It. Rec,clelt. 

Monday, March 30, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

OurWmdows 
have opened a lot of doors. 
Microsoft's vision is clear and focused. Our 
operating systems, languages, and applications 
give new meaning to what personal computers 
can do. Making them more personal, more 
approachable - more indispensable. 

To do this we need not only the skills of peo-
ple who can write and test code, have a wide 
base of application use and knowledge, but also 
the combined talents of a broad range of indi-
viduals to keep our momentum going strong. 

Your challenge is to use the latest in software 
development tools and methodology to design 
and develop test cases for our software prod-
ucts. Contribute to product design by reviewing 
specifications and defining problem areas. Trou-
bleshoot software bugs to find faulty source 
code, recommend and implement changes. 

You will have the opportunity to work on 
hardware that ranges from 386's to RISC-based 

machines that are connected to XENIX, 
MS-DOS, and NT file servers. Work as a team 
member on projects such as operating systems, 
networks, compilers, personal and business 
applications software, graphical interfaces, hand-
writing technology, multimedia, and some things 
we can't even tell you about yet. 

If you are pursuing a degree in Computer 
Science, Electrical Engineering (with software 
emphasis) , or Math, we 'd like to talk with you. 
We will be conducting On-campus Inter-
views for Co-op Software Design Engi-
neers in Test Development on Thursday, April 
23, 1992. Resumes are due at the Co-op Office 
by Friday, April 17, 1992. See your Co-op 
Office for details . 

We are an equal opportunity employer 
and are working toward a more culturally 
diverse workplace. 

15 



16 CLASSIFIEDS The UCSD Guardian 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
A.S. IHTVINIINP 0I'l'1CE NEWS: Into nIgI"II 
- Monday. ""3. 8 p.m .. PC Cove. L...n '-
1.510 can help you oMIlhe __ ellpelllnce 
you ....... Plckup~MW-__ 1 
III oppoIIut*'-1n SO. DUDI.: Frtday. 41 
Z • . Sill peid paeIIIona tor ... ASIC) dIfecIoIa 10 
be ....... lor 1992-1l1li3 ICIIooI ~. For 
_lnIo. Ga11534~. PrioeCerUf. 3Id1oor. 
_ 3 .303. (3112·3/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Feminine Irritation and hClllng? JoMpII F. 
K..-..dy. M.D .• 8IId HMiaCinal 0. ......... 
... teeing .... - lor 1IMIinO VIIgIniIie. 
Women with IJIIIIIIonW 01 ... dIec:Iwge. 
1rYtIaIIOn •• Chlng. 8IId bumng....,. be eligible 10 

~.FNeolllce"""' ... ~~ 
\he 5-WMk INdy pIfIocI. A compIIIIe ptIyIbI 
exam II pI'O\IIded" no charge8lld.eucly-r..-
care 11.,...1"'- comp ... "g.he......, .. be 
I*d S 150. For Iurthet IIIIomWIon. Gall "-
Taylor RN • (819) .ss.7520 ~ • a.m. 
811d. p.m. Monday through Frtday. (3.9-4118) 
....., ..... C8IItcIrM o..rtl Come 10 • 
CallI. SeMI. HealIng on Salum.y. ApftI • . In 
Palm DeMtI. Bua clwle<ed kom s.n DIIoo 
(S12Iorgaa).8:3Oa.m.-IIp.m. Your~1I 
r.-led 10 II-.- suppofllor lhI,iInpoNInt biI. 8 
yen In lhe building. A ... nallonal paIIl and 
wlldern.s .. eas will result. sa\/lng tpedeI and 
beauty. ot86-.o2510 f1tI4IMI.-. Of iii 'fOJI 
own cat. (3130-412) 

Classified advertising is sold in J 5-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 03/6, £Ololla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, topfloor. 

Adopt-A-NaIl ... Elder project. An IIII8l8Iance 
_"ott 01 donated hems and 10Dd 10 lhe Dinah 
tribe which Is being IOfced to r_t r~. 
Donate by April • or April 17 (Iraneporl days). 
277-0991 Aliance lor Surlllvlll/Big Mountain 
Support Comml1t88. (3130-4/2) 
BII<e acroes lha USA this summer- RaIse money 
lor ara.roata CeveIopmenIi Call 9iIce AIel '92. 
• ,>431....ao. Local eo<Ud 27"5606. You can 
do hi Memories willaslloreYet1 (3f3O-.VJ) 

Donl mile tile MaIdi GraatBaIIIt 01 \he Banda 
ApftI .th . ..... Saturday 12 .. :30 p.m. In .... 
Mat1heM WI-d&-aac. Food. gamee. vendofs. 
lunl(~) 

The nuclNr power IncMIry Is preesuring the so 
CIty Council 10 .,.. • retoIutIon In t_ o"he 
Ward VIIey aile lor • nuclear w .... clJmp. Cell 
Of writ. Mara< O'Connor an yOOI own Council 
membef1 Ward VeMey II .... WRONG SITE. 
clou to lhe Colorado RIll4lr. & OUldaled 
technology II propoaed (aIIaIowMllhen. unlined 
trencllel wIIic:h "'ve t.IIed in l1li 1*1). n-
.... t •• will remain dange<ous 101' I.na 01 
1houaanda 01 yea ... CIIy Halt. 202C 51 .. SO 
92101. AIIanoe lor SuMvaI fOf Into. 2n-0991 . 
(3130) 

AU. ____ 1 ____ .. _..-
L711.JjJt=1 ·/~t::Il ., III '!:/ 

"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 
Our Spring Schedule 

OChem 140B 
OCheml4OC 
Physics lC 
Chem 6C 
Chem 68 
Math tC 
Math 120A 
Bio 131 

Mon 8-1Opm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Tues 6-8pm and Thurs 6-8pm 
Thur 6-8pm and Sun 6-8pm 
Mon 8-10pm and Wed 8-1Opm 
Mon 6-8pm and Wed 6-8pm 
Tu 6-8pm and Sun 8-1Opm 
Tue 8-1Opm and Thur 8-1Opm 
Sun 4-6pm and Tues 4-6pm 

All instruction begins on or after Wednesday, April 1st 
Location: We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center. Directly behind the Elephant Bar 
and EI Torito restaurants, just across from campus! 
Only 24 spaces available per session. Any UCSD student may 
at1end a free first session to evaluate our program, and your 
satisfaction is guaranteed. 

Fees: Course fees are $150 per clus. Qualified financial aid 
students may enroll for $125 per class. Hasta! 
Questions? Call us lOam-Midnight, at " " " 455-1000 

OI • ..".llon WoR ......... Complete your 
dl .. ertallon. For .rltten Inlormatlon or 
1CheduInCI. call 692-0966. Po8Igr ...... group. 
(3130-81.) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: Walch wItn black INIher band by 
ChemisIry ~ BuIdIng. Call to Identity: 

6~73. (3112·3130) 
Found: One ..... hOop earTlng with coqj drop. 
Gall ~·3068. (3130) 
Found: Hurt pendanlin WlH. To claim. Gall 
x44330 and ct.cribe. At/tI. lor Doug. (3/30-418) 

SERVICES 
P.",aneh·s Skin c...- Fadala. wulng.1uh 
tinll. permanent eyeII_. 10.. OFI' .... lid. 
Artiiicial and Natur. nall •• manialr •• nd 
pscIcuree by AIhIey . 10.. Off .... 1Id. Nalural 
nab & pedicu_ by Rebeoc.a. 10'11. OFf' with 
ed. Calf lor appointment. Tang... Salon. 

~ CenI1e. 552·1IR (~51.) 

Word Pr ........ 9'TJ!ing:AcademIc~ 
PII*S. --. ...... --~ 
...... Mery AmQ·943II. (~ 

PASSPOATPICTURESI New III Cal Copy. Oriy 
15.95. WhIte you wail. Xerox .. and more. Near 
St. Germain' • . 452·91149. (9/23-6/4) 
SU-.ER IN EUROPE FROM $ZII7 each way 
onctecountedoche<1Jled ........ IoEurqlelrom 
SAN DIEGO. Call (800) 325-2026. (3130-~) 

VIOlJ'WIOlA LESSONS. You or your ct*I(-) 
can IeIIm In:Im .., experienced. proIeIIIorlIII 
....... Now eocepIIng ....... - "1gII8IId 
............. CalConrad :!i62-<M84.(~) 

WordP' ...... y1'~:AcademIc ___ . 
~ ........... -~ .. 
..w:.. Mary Am 452-l143li. (~) 

RESUMES. Currlc:dum vitaM. Top quality. 
.---prIcea. (8111) 541CH757. (3130) 
BtO TECHIHIOH TECH .. 1he _ 0I1he 
future In Sen DIevo. Varied __ I1MCIed. 
Ulllze my 10,.... experience and CXIIUCIaIG 
Iocue your_1o \he rIghI per.on In the rIghI 
COI'IIpMJ. GET THAT MERVIEW. Call 8304-
0978. (3l»41li) 
FINANCING A HIGHER EDUCAT1ON. Call· 
800-1M4-0068 xsen lor fr .. 1nIo-pac. No 
obligation. (3130-4123) 
Word Proceuing seMCU: drop-oH UCSO 

~. From $2.5OIpage !)S. 0uaIIIy WDfk. 
L.az. prfnIer. 534-1082. (3130) 

FNnc:h~."""byFrwnch 
...... Cal ~ 1112n·5318. (3130) 

FOR SALE 
1981~""" .... greIII_. 
Ale. ca...n. .... Cal 458-74117 or ...... 

~ (3112·3130) 

N.m< ______________________ _ I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

IIddr .... , ______________________ _ 

C,'Y __________ S"'< _____ L,p. ____ _ 

Phono L-J ______ Coll . .. "'/Un"""t)' _____ ~ __ __' __ 
Summer a r-.. II 
internship Pro .... m. 
o Londo n 
o ran. 
o Sydney 
OWil1hjngton 

pnng IY __ 

Lan ....... Pro....,s 
Grenobk 

OH • .r. 
OMacInd 
o Nl>mey 

o Gr .. co 
o london 
OMadnd 
o Monaco 

OSydn<y 

o USSR 
OWwungton I 

I 0 OxfOrd 0 Padov. I L ______ ~~ ____ ~~ _____ ~ 

Monday. March 30. 1992 

Day timer - Running MIlle edition. burvundy 
caM compIeIe with daily daIed ~ and 
unopened pecIia 01 ..... p8flect condition. S80 
........ ()o-.Ingorgrizallonallool. Oriy s.o. 
Cal Ar'Dt MW. ot63"'703. (3I1Z-3I3O) 
....... PId<an:I211SgrapNcIClertlilcCltlcUalor. 
Perlorm. deri •• ll.... Inlegral. . Manual, 
1ncUIed. $11)0 obo. Chria 455-5891 . (:w-.I6) 
-"IIC:MII RoundtrtpIoS--1or EMer 
.......... sea. HeIIIh .. 452·11130. (3130-416) 
.. .sX.....,.,....2megRAM. l ..... Ioppy. 
2 ...... 1 ....... pori. game pori. eo meg 
SeIgIIe HarddIIIt. lllOilOChome monitor and 
1IdIIpIer ........ _ cue. 101 kaytIOIrII . AI lor 
only $7.Il080. co8I SI900. Cal W .. 453-
1103. (3/3O-<W) 

TWIN_8IIdbox_8IId-.rly._ 
............. SI00. 56&-2126. (3130) 
IBM 3MOX·25 oompUIer. 2 meg RAM. 1.2M 
Ioppy. 2 ...... 1 ....... pori. game pori. 135 
Meg IDE HarddIIk. "'per VGA .nd NEC 
..,..-ync mentor. 101 Keyboard. WIncIowI. 
DOS 8IId Word lor WIndowa. Allor only "2.91 
080. COlI S2IIOO. Cal Wee 453-1103. (3130-41 
8) 
BACKPACK. Gregory Internal tr_. etze M. 
greIII cond. $120. 258-8807. Jenny. (3130-412) 

RealISM 288 computer. 2.5 Meg RAM. 80 meg 
hIrddIIk. 2 .. rial. 1 pa ..... pori . game porl. 
'lOA ~ card. 101 Qyboard. Allor only 

~91080. Call Wee 453-1103. (3130-412) 

US RobotIcs HSR dual sIIInclerd modem barely 
used with V.32/HSTI14.4It baud. Only 16991 
080. coeI $1300. Call W .. 453· 1103. (3f30.41 
2) 
GRE·BtO STUDY BOOKS. New. no writing. 
IncIudee earnpIe t_. SalIng oW% booksI0f8 
price. Ala 546-0198. (3130-412) 
Yamaha OX· 7 FM IJfIIhlllzer. HOIlnalrument 
compIeIe with RAM car1ricloe and padaII. Only 
S799. ColI $2300. Cal Wea 453-1 103. (3130-41 
2) 

WANTED 
~1~MIYk:eI""_'"". ~ 
paying. GrNt experience. Call 275-2525. (3112· 
3130) 

a.. Player and DNm ..... wanted 10 complete 
AIIernIIIIveIHa Rock Band. CaII ..... 558-6429. 
(3.9-3130) 
Modele lor .... haircuts wanted. Call Rob at 
EeM11C8 Salon 453·1M77. Long hair culs 
prwIerred. (3130-412) 

BASS PI.A YER NEEDED wItn varlelyof musical 
_ and wllllnor- 10 wall< whh me on 
artgInaIe; LN. 45CH11I27. (3130-4113) 

RoommaSe lor SprIng Ouarter wantIId. Shere 
bedIoorn .... h MIll & cool8iderale _mate. 

~ 01 having • eIngte. S25OImo. (PrIce 
~). SoIanaBeacll. 2 min ..... tobeech. 
ConIacI Randy: 792-00II1. (3130-4127) 
WANTED: Fern ... physk:Ian ...... houaeiapt. 
10 ~ for one month (June or ~). 
... ~ HoepItaIIf poaIbIe. Pte-. calf 
534-4150. (3130) 
RId ADIIIn II coming 10 Del ..... Excelenllul 
and parI·1Ine oppor1UnI\III with good pay and 
beneIIIa. We .. be c:onducIIng Int ....... 
Monday t'-'IIJI SIIIurday "-'- II a.m.-II 
p .m. beginning 3130 ...... ~ CUI 
HoIIII (Del ...,. 111115 EI CamIno ANI, San 
DIevo. EOE. (3130) 
W_Sudla: Two CUgoina guye from W..., 
ICIoIdng lor 210 3 1lIIY' fiOm tNriI or ~ 10 live 
... In 1he ........... neld ~. We ~ 
pertyIng • .".. and _ 1lUdyIng. DOn't 
............. Gall .lath 558-2180 or Peter 
561-1113.1t1ny -1DIItry dNcIIne. ApIItI. (31 
»412) 

..... ~ngIIIh""""" r.-led . .... 
'-r-.dto U.s ...... 14. hedln U.S. aI 
..... 5 ve-a. Earn $21 - tor 2.5 hours. Cal 
ChrIt. 453-4100. x453. (3130) 

HOUSING 
ROOM FOR RENT: F.IO""'. bel 2ba houIe. 
friendly quiet people. 8 mi. from UCSD In Mira 
...... laundry. S230 mo • dIIp. 115 lAM 566-
06lI0. (3112-418) 
Shere J BR houIe Ctown PointlPacific Beach 
w/mate Poll ScI graodIIawyer and ...... buIir-. 
person. Relaxed environs. bul no Indoor 
arnoIdng. S3I!O • usuaIs. Dan 272-5888. (3130-
412) 
Fumlahed _ lor r ..... ~monIh. Close to 
UCSO. AI enmldee ~ . • so-e935 or 453· 
61&4. (3130) 
BeautiIuf lumlahed room In private home. n0n-
smoker. 1370. UnIversity CIty. 0ep0aiI ~red 
- MIlle. 453-8803. (3130-412) 
Housemate delperately needed. Close to 
campus. w ...... 1dryer only. $3OOImo • 112 
utiIIIIttI. Cal 453-5235. (3130-419) 
large private room. prIvIIIe bath. balcony. ocean 
\/Iew, laundry, fully equipped kitchen. 1112 miles 
10 UCSD. 100 yards Irom ocean. ~75 • 1/6 
utijhies. Non-smoker. 454-0622. h's l1li perfect 
room. (3130-419) 
Spectacular ocean view. great location. Laroe 
pnvate room . private ba1h In La Jolla Shores. 
Laundry. kilchen . slorage. yard . balcony. S475 
• 1/6 ul,IHoes. 454·0622. (3130·4/6) 
Female roornmale wanled 10 share lu""shed 
masler bedroom lor spring quart .... Close to 
campus. pool. jaCuui. washer/dryer. S2801rno. 
Includes utilmes. 587-0188. (3130-.12) 
La Jolla. share 2 bedroom. One block to be8Ch; 
400+200 DepoeiI; 112 utINIIft. 459-8133. (3130-
412) 
Room lor ..... $33!iImonIh pM 1, • ......... 
Poria de PaImM. W ..... & dryer. pool. epa. 
WIIIWn.-.ng dIIIanct 01 but .,.. and bIdng 
*'--10 1CIIaaI. Call1IIH837. (3130) 

Monday. Mard130, 1992 

Female roommate wanled ASAP. SIngle 
lledroorn In new 3 1MIdfoomI2.5 bathrOnm 
townhouse. 5-minute drive kom campus (011 
Let>on Dr.). Smail pIIIio. w ...... /dIry ... pooI/ 
jaauzl. 1375 • 113 utiIiIiM (don' pay wat ... l) 
568-9311 . Bellina. Nina. (3130) 

Condo for rent . 8860 Villa La Jolla 131 S. 558· 
695e. 2 bdrm. 2 bath. WuMJryer. I .. kitchen 
appliances. pooIl1.nnl.. Z gar.ge spaces. 
MCUrhy bldg. A ..... Mey I . Only S9351mo. (31 
30-412) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Alaska Jobs. Ex. SI000.IWk. room. board. 
airiare. FishIng. education . oil . engineering & 
more. Weeldy Info. ALASKEMP : (503) 754-605 t 
Exl. II. (2120-3130) 

Homem .... wanted. Earn $500. a week. For 
detail. .end a SASE 10 FUTURE 
ENTERPRISES. P.O. BOX 15~9. San DIego. 
CA 92175. (3112·4120) 
FREE TAA VEL - Air courienI and Cru....".pe. 
S1udara alec r.-led Chrillmas. Spring. and 
SUm ..... IorA_P.'kemploymenl. C .. 
(805) 882·7555. Ext. F·3147. (2120-3130) 
EnIerIainrnent Ia. firm ,eeklng moIlI/aled law 
aludenI 10 do challenging legal and clerical 
...... rch I .... in lhe ar .... of gambling law. 
talent agentlaw. adwt1ising law. public & prI.ate 
OIIerings. literary agent law and rnodeing and 
athlete agent law. Excellent computer research 
and writing IkiIIs required. Send resume with 
cIasa ranking to R. Sebaslian Gibson. 125 
TahquiUC8nyon Way. Soil. 200. "aim Springs. 
CA 92262 or phone 619-322·2446. (3112·3130) 
EXCEPl10NAl SUIaIER OPPORTUNITY -
Camp Wayne NE PA (3 hrsINYC) COUnselorl 
epecI..... poeItIons - .. landiwaler spoils. 
camping. comput ..... . AlC. radio. Write us at 55 
Channel Drive . Pori W"'hington. NY 11050 or 
cal 516·883·3067. (2127·4130) 
POSTAL JOSS AVAILABlE I Many positions. 
Great baneIiIs. can (805) 882·7555. exl. p . 
3387. (2120-3130) 

PART TIME JOBS. The Bahia and Calamaran 
Hotels on Mission Bay he.e se .. rallempowary 
jobs lor enthusiastic IndlvI<1Jalsi Applicanls 
should have basic computer skiMs whh previous 
exper1ence In dealing wilh busy phOnes and lhe 
public. We are seel<ing outgoing students to 
well< pa~·lime Ihrough the mo;nth of Augusl as 
RESERVATIONAGENTS. Weareofteringshifts 
from 7 a.m.· ll a.m. or Irom 4 p.m.·8 p .m. lor 
varied days Including weekends. Appty In person 
Tues. Wed. or Thurs lrom 9 a.m.· 1 p .m. al the 
Bahia HOIel998 W. MiSSion Bay Dnve S .D. CA 
92109. (3130) 
Research Intern 10 best·saWng author Why-' 
An TIle W.y They An. Intern program credit 
(10+ hrs/wk) . Excellenl research skills . 
knowtedge of Word Per1ed. JuniorlSenior. 3.0 
min. Dr. Farrell. 753·2436. (3130·412) 
NEED A JOB? Inc ....... your skills! Employers 
demand computer literacy. pnval. instruction. 
Mac/t1lM ~ aoIIware. W .... Into your 
inter.lew wilh confidence and computer 
.xperience. $35Ihr. A.J . • 52-31.2. (3130) 
An Int'l lorex broIcerage rwedo PTI1'T _ . 
High commIl8ion & aatary. Bilingual preferred. 
Call Terry Tsang 268-8788. (3130-419) 

• Drunk DrIving 
• Drugs{Narcotics 
• ShopIIftlng/Theft 
• Tra/lk: TIckets 
• Paroie/BaU/Probation ~IIIIIl-"-!II 
• Malor Felonies 

FOI'I11er San DIego I'ro5ecutor 
lIsA KAy IALKiIIItIIAN 

Attorney At Law 
457-8457 

4660 La Jolla VB. Dr .. Suite 600 
SrMng s.n DIego County 

Uti Uhours 
Free C:OIU"iIhIdoa 

CAMP WAYNE . co ·.d children'. c.mp . 
Northeast Pennayl.ania(3 hrs. NYC) 6123·812 II 
92. Specialty counaetors lor tennis. votteybaJI . 
softball . gymna.tlcs. gold. swimming (WSI 
prele"ed) . NalUrelC8mping. guitar. ceramics. 
palndngldrawlng. MIt-defense. cheerleading . 
aeroblca. OIlIer poeiIione: General . RN. Potterl 
Chambermaid. K~chen WorIuHa. Nu ... ·• AIde. 
Night WalChman. On campul Inl.,.,iews. 
Tuesday. March 31. 1992. Sign up at Siudent 
Employment 0fIce. (New York OtIIce 516·889-
3217). (3119·3130) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW tiRiNG- Earn S2.000.1 
monlh • world travel (Hawaii. Maxico. lha 
cambean. etc.). Holiday. summer and career 
employmenl available. No experience 

~. For employment program call I · 
206-545-4155 ext . C450. (3130-61.) 
SU .... ER .. ANAGE .. ENT INTERNSHIP 
Int ....... no .. taldng pIec • . Gain v .... abI. 
experience .... naglng all aspec1s at a successful bu-'-. Average glOM profit SII .287. Last 
chance lor Inl ........ TRIPLE 'A ' STUDENT 
PAINTERS FOR INFORMATION. 1·800-3 ... 
6000. (3130-419) 
COUNSELORS: CAMP WAYNE. A co ·ed 
chiIdren·scamp. Northeast Pennsylvania (3 hrs. 
NYC) 8/23·8121192 . Ha .. the most ....... orabIe 
summer of your ... 1 Counaetora: tennis . swim 
(WSI pnoIemed). watersld. sailing. butullbal. 
\/OIeybaII. soIIbaII. soccer. gym.-Jcs. aerobics. 
nature/camplng. dancelcheerteading . guitar. 
batik. scuipture. ceramics. painting. silkscteen. 
photography. dra ..... self-defense. Other lIa": 
Group Ieadeta (20+). Genetal. RNs. Dri..,NIdeo 
(21.) . Other positions available. On campus 
Int ....... Tues .• 1.181. 3t 12·6 p.m . SIGN UP 
AT CAREER SERVICES CENTER. For more 
Information call (516) 889-3217 or wrile 12 
Allevard 51. Udo Beach. NY 11561. Include. 
row - phone _ . (3/30) 
Pr.school leacher's aid wanted. Canng and 
experienced. P""·time. llexible hours. 943·0240. 
EncinilU. (3130) 

:Jlowers rf3 9ij1s 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Geoesee Ave. 

~ln Diego. CA 92122 
558-6666 

The UCSD Guardian 

Alhlellc types . Aggressive . competitive 
individuals needed 10 help run new company. 

Pa~ ·lIme and flJlI·llme posjlions a.ailable. 
Positi .. altitude and neal appearance a musl. 
(619) .a3· t 3.0. (3130-.19) 
_ : C_re assIsIant needed 5to to hrs. 
per weak . ExceUenl ref.rences . previous 
experience required. 622·3827. (3130) 

PERSONALS 
COOl. TYE DYES. Custom made shirts and 
waMhangings whh lhe colors and deSigns you 
pick. $10-$15 pershlrt. 1 will also TEACH you lha 
a~ . Call Clint 549-2768. (319-4/6) 
COUNTRYTIME LEASE A HORSE. 10 yr. old 
Arab. gelding named 'Ace: Dressage or Irail . 
cal 270·5695. Lessons a.ailable . (3112,3130) 
Eam Sf 0 lor aboul t hour" Rlght·handed native 
English speakers.-led for brainwave study. 
Lea .. message at .53'.'00 .420. (3130) 
Advanoed graduate stUdenl a.ailable to tutor In 
malh. physics. chemislry. biology or spanish. 

CaII5~·7094. (3130) 

Mardi Gr8Sl9allle 01 the Bands this Saturday 12· 
4 :30 p.m. in the Matthews w-de-sac. (3130-412) 
International House is a greal cross·cuhural 
living opportunityl Applicat ions for 1992193 
a.ailable al Pepper Canyon and InternatifJnal 
Center (Jrs .. Srs .. Grads.). Due Aprij 21 . (3130· 
. ,20) 
Interested In TUTORING "'_""tary school 
children? Commhment: once a week lor 2 hours. 
Sign·up at Revelle Provost Office. Training Is 
Thursday April 2nd Irom 3· . p.m. at Revelle 
Provos: Office. (3130) 
TOAST (Dan. Duke. Ryan. Je1 and Paul) -
thanks lor a great winler quarter. keep h up" -
a groupie. (3130) 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNAIIONS 
\!11th purd~J~ ufSIOHf !l'1l1r!." 
\.1( \;dw.t \\Ifh .In) ol(t\(,'1 utf ... ., 

"~JtP. 4/ 131'iJ'l • ·~'t Otlivrr World ""ide" 

sychic 

For enlertainmenl purposes only. 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

ROBERT~S 
AU 0 
GERMAN, SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed e Factory-Trained 'Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(/-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619) 27,)-11:12 
Mon .-Fri. 7 a.m .-5:30 p .m . 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m . 

e 
Kandall 
MOIQIGa 

We ... _. rKo_.en4 
K_II~ I. __ .. 

.._re . .-...e ... 
--------------------100/0 OFF 

on all repairs* with this coupon 
'Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

The M CAT is coming to San Diego this September. 

Hyperleaming (455-1000) 
The MCAT Review Course (456-4848) 

H. Kaplan (277-6744) 
The Princeton Review (695-9952) 
and Ronkin (587-8600) 
all have prep programs for this test. 

Before you plunk down hundreds of dollars for a course, 
cill around md let the facts. Best of all, ask your friends • 
We have several hundred recent students who are on-campus 
at UCSD. How many hours were in your course? What were the 
credentials of your instructors? Was tt!tlChing their exclusive, full-
time responsibility? How large were your classes? Haw many 
passage-style problems did you cover? How many testing hours? 
How many essays did you write? Haw many were professionally 
critiqued and scored? Let me see lID"r materials! 

When learning complex skills, it is our position that you need 
extensive personal contact with real experts in small classes. 

Included in our program: 
Over 130 hours of in-class problem solving and review. 
The best instructors in their fields, with advanced degrees 
in their specialty, and years of fuU-time teaching experience. 
NttttmOle than 24 stude.nts in my class . 
Four days a week over twelve weeks .. 
Two full weeks of MCAT testing and analysis. 
More than 1.600 pages of focused review materials. 
All subjects reviewed simultaneously rather than serially. 
Well paced prestudy, in-class, and homework activities. 

Our classes start June 22nd. Call for additional information. 



18 SPORTS TIle UCSD Guardian 

KJplan uffers the onJy individualized tlost prep 
wur~es in the roumrr 'Iil hdp you ;J(hil"Ve your 

--nltrnr'Sl score, we ~t the M:lnU:lfI.l and will work 
with youtH m~tumize ~ pn'Rr.lm trut !lest :>uits 
rOUT pr.:Ts()n~1 neeus. 

KJlplan courses begin u'ilb you' 
• SCtrt \'Our course the U:I\' \'UU cnroll with 

profe: .. siol1:llly structured.' up·to·the·minute 
hOllll"Sludy materials 

• Sct your own pace anti strengthen wC:lknesses 
with unlimited :.access to our TE."IT·N·TAPE 

Ll':lrnjll~ i.:Ih 
• J)~' I'l:ll1lic livc d~s.~s with highly qU:llilku 

instru(1I Irs 
• Pt:rsonal attention with extrJ help tutorial 

~!'I.~ion~ 
• l iS(, of I~O I\:Jplan Cl'llters nationwid<.· 
• Spl'dal rq'l<::lt policy (:lsk for details) 
• S<:holarship assistance (if qualified) 

E"mll nou'! Ca ll your nearest K:ipl:tn Center tcxla~'. 
or rail toll · frel' : 
1-800-KAP-TEST 

! STANLEY H. KAPLAN . EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD. CLASSES STARTING NOW! 4780 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. San Oi , CA 92117 • 2n·6744 

GIVE US TIME TO REPAY 
YOUR LOAN. 

After just three years in 
th Anny, your colleg loan 
ould be a thing of the past. 

Und r the Anny's Loan 
R payment program, each 
year you s rYe on active duty 
reduce your indebtedness by 
one-third or $1,500, whichever 
amount is greater. 

This offer applies to 
Perkins Loans, Stafford Loans and certain other federally 
insured loans which are not in default. 

And this is just the first of many benefits the Anny 
will give you. Get the whole story from your Anny 
Recruiter. 

Kearny Mesa 
Recruiting Station 

569-7878 

ARMY. • ALL YOU CAN BE. 

Monday, March 30, 1992 

No Rest for Weary Tritons 
• After tough tourney 
last week, golf heads to 
Cal Lutheran and one of 
west's hardest courses 
By Grea w,... 
Associate Sports Editor 

TIle UCSD golf team is begin-
ning to eam a reputation as the"Gun-
slingers of the Greens:' With a 
complement ofloumaments crowd· 
ing ils schedule. lhe learn is out 
shooting more often than Billy the 
Kid with an Uzi. 

Last week, the Trilons competed 
in the Cal State Stanislaus Invila-
tional, shooting 36 holes on Mon-
day alone. with another 18 on Tues-
day. Today they travel to Cal 
LUlheran. again goinga full 36 holes 
in one day. And finally. next Mon-
day will see anocher 36 holes-in-a-
day outing at the UC Irvine Invita-
lional. 

At Stani laus, the Triton were 
the only Division UI team present. 
with the exception of Menlo. While 
lhey handled lhe Oaks. the Tritons 
were overwhelmed by lhe bigger 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from pap 20 
lriple. 

TIle Tritons' 5-3 victory pro-
pelled them into the championship 
game 10 face Cal Lutheran once 
again. 

UCSD did not fare as well in the 
championship showdown, falling 
prey to the bat of tournament MVP 
Eric Johnson who went 3 for 5 with 

Division I and II learns. and finished 
15th oul of 19 team . 

UCSD's lOp finisher. Dale 
Abr.1ham. staned lhe day off on fire 
by shooting an even·par n. but 
cooled down in the second round 
with an 84. He finished the louma-
ment with a 79 on Tuesday to finish 
at 235. 

Man Stotlern ended up with a 
242 while Jeremy Moe and Pete 
Robens bach shot 246. 

UCSD Head Cooch MikeWydrJ 
was pleased wilh his team' s perfor-
mance. "It was a tough course wilh 
lough lies that made it difficult to 
pilch. With all of thai. I think it was 
a good showing againsl some strong 
competition ... 

TIle Tritons got an early start on 
laday's Cal Lutheran Invitational, 
leaving at 3 a.m. Ihis morning to 
make the early tee time. TIle course 
they are playing. Wood RanchCoun· 
try Club. is nued the second most 
difficult on the We~: Coo."t. behind 
only the PGA West Stadium course. 
sile of la~t year's Skins game. "At 
only 6.950 yards. it must be an un-
bel ievably hanJcOlmie."Wydrol said 

one round-tripper. 
Cal LUlher.m scored six times in 

the third inning. pacing its 9-4 win. 
Triton sophomore Kun Luhrsen wa.~ 
tagged for the loss after freshman 
Steve Height had to come in and 
close the third inning. 

Lead-off hitter Guy Cataldo 
roped two doubles in four trips to 
pace the Tritons' 10 hits in the game. 
Despite losing by five runs. UCSD 

See BASEBALL. Page 14 

. .., ------------- ~ --I I~:l~ Ci3~ CDPY ~"b+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday CI. (nento Dombw's PIzza) - 452-9949 
M.F 8.30-6 P m E:.plre~" ]0 92 
Sat 14 P m W,th UCSD ID 

--,/ .. 
,/ ........... 

• • 

Study 
Abroad In 
-Australia 
-Britain 
-Ireland 
-New Zealand 

./ ' ~ , 
/'--. ' 

Carolyn Watson. 
representing the Butler Unlv"r.;ity 
Institute fo r tudy Abroad. wlll 
meet with students Interested in 
1992·93 program for under· 
graduate studies in Australia. 
Britain. Ireland, and ew Zealand 
from : 

Monday. March 30. 1992 
11:00 a.m. Gr. Britain 

and Ircland 
2:00 p.m. Australia and 

New Zealand 
[nl 'l Centcr Confcrncc Rm . 

hutltute for Study Abroad 
Butler Unlwnltv, 4600 SUllRt 
Awnue, (ndl.oapotll, IN 46;)08 
3t7/;)83-9))6 or toll f1ft 
11800-J68-6M;) Ext. 93J6 

Opportunities 
"Australia 
at thirteen universities 

-Great Britain 
at 19 universities & 
polytechnics: INSTEp, 
Cambridge & London 

-Ireland 
at four universities 

"New Zealand 
at two universities 

Monday, March 30, 1992 

No Spring 
Break For 
Busy Tennis 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

While UCSD paused between 
quarter.> to lake a needed rest. the 
Triton men 's tenni team hit the 
road for some intense matches and 
some less·than-pleasmg results. 

Things seemed to be going well 
' for UCSD (2-7) last Tuesday as it 
matched up against Luther College 
(IA). TIle Tritons had linle trouble 
and glided to an easy 8-1 win. That's 
where their troubles began. 

1be Trilons matched up against 
MIT on Wednesday and couldn'l 
keep pace. UCSD fell 6-3. 

Hoping to rebound on Thursday, 
UCSD met up with UC Santa Cruz 
in Claremont. The Slugs were a 
Iinle faster than their name implies. 
however. as they too dropped the 
Tritons, by a staggering 8-Omargin. 

UCSD again hoped to bounce 
back in the Claremont College Tour-
nament last weekend. Things didn't 
stan off well , however, as Ted 
MOrris,UCSD'snwnberonesingles 
player withdrew due to injury and 
Jeff Bethard, the Tritons' number 
two player, withdrew because of 
illness. 

Thingsweren'tallbadforUCSD. 
however.1be Tritons' numberthree 
doubles tearn of Vern Yarnell and 
Brian Kaplan made it to the finals of 
thetoumament'slowerdivision.11le 
Triton tandem will match up against 
Robert Ho and Roy Gessford. 
UCSD's number four doubles team 
this week . 

SCORE 
ContInued from pap 20 

~-maJts-here, and my favorite, 
peanuts-hey-peanuts-hey·peanuts. 

11lef1l'St few innings ofbodl games 
went as expected, with most of the 
tearns' regulars playing. Then came 
the fifth inning, the Line of Spring 
Training Death. 

Faster than Dodger fans fleeing 
like lemmings 10 their cars during the 
7th inning stretch, the moment thai 
Will CIartc was replaced at first base 
by some nameless scrub who bore a 
striking resemblance to the second 
DwrenonBewitched, fam began flee-
ing the Palm Springs bleachers. 

This was a good thing. Those of us 
who remained saw good baseball. and 
Giants fam were happy thai theirteam 
ended up winning both games. 

Among those to flee early was the 
guy sitting next 10 me who couJdn't 
stop talking 10 his girlfriend during the 
game. And when he couIdn 't think of 
anything inane to say, he would sing. 
Not good songs, either. There's some-
thing surreal about watching III! exhi-
bition teebalI game while some guy 
next to you is singing "My Sharona. .. 

The Dale Beede Motor Lodge 
dido't trouble us again. CIeerus gave 
usa wake-upcaIJ(1bishere'sCleelus. 
I'm jlScheckin' to see if you still want 
10 be woken up in two hours?j and 
our date bcede never reappeared. 

There ~ duealening clouds 
overhead ll'I welOOll1l:d up the moun-
tainhighway~ofPaIm Springs. But 
wehadbealcnthemin,thedalebcedes, 
and the lD1O)'ing pcopIe _the game. 
We had seen some good pnes.lt was 
BgRSvac:aion.lmctlul.lendit highly. 

And if you go to the Dale Palm 
Motor Lodge, say "hi"to CIeenti for 
me. Don't wony if there are giant evil 
bugs in your room. either. Olances 
are, it ain't no cockroach. It's just a 
datebcede. 

OCOnIaCI: 
COuncu Trawl 

~ PrItt Center 
9500 GUawt Dr. 
La jolla. CA 9209}.OO76 
(619) 452.0630 • 

The UCSD Guardian 

Britain Lermuuy Cu .. la Rka 
Ireland New Zealand lanada 
Frann' Jamaka 
(IrH;'nIUJllmJIUr,\\uhJIl\ (,P\ (,rJ~UJII"~ 
"'4,.' nll)(' IUtlt 

t-lIr nlun' mfurmJllon .tnt! J InT h" ... hurt' 
Ullll.u,1 ( .HunciJ on Intern aliHnal 
F.<iucalional behanit'· 

lO~ f.a>t .. Znd St .. S.,.. York. , Y IOO I ~ 
Tel. (l ll )66 1 .... 

ECON 111 
MONETARY ECONOMICS 
151872 111 ....., Economics 
11-111 2:.3:50 lI.m. PH 1M _RICII. 

Functioning of financial institutions with emphasis on 
monetary policy . Such topics as Financial intermedi· 
aries , securities markets, Federal Reserve operation, 
history of monetary policy , and coord ination of 
monetary and fiscal policy. 

OBJECTIVES: This course is designed to give 
students an understanding of the functions and 
operations of the U.S. financial system . Theories of 
financial markets, the money supply process, and the 
conduct of monetary policy will also be conSidered, 
Current issues such as the Savings and Loan scan· 
dal; and interest rate and inflation policies will also 
be touched upon . 

PREREQUISITES: Econ 11 OA and 11 OB 

TAKE A STEP IN ANEW DlRECJ70N 

New Zealand 
\. Sponsored by the EDUCATION ABROAD PROGRAM 

'J INFORMAnON " SESSION 
on 'l'l\' ZcJland. AU!olrJlia. \ 
Stud)'1 Work Oppollunicjc, 

Tuetday,ApriI. 
............ c.m... .. " 
Coolw::tlaloom 

• Earn UC Credit 
• Financial Aid and 

Scholarships available 
Choose from IocIItions at: 

Chris/church 
Dunedin 
Auckland 
Palmers/on Norlh 
We/Ii IIg/01l 

, 
, 

Call 534·//13 or Ilsillbe Programs Abroad Office 
aI/be Ill/en/oliollal Celller for /I/Ore ill/orlllalioll 

APPlICATION DlADUNE: MAY 8 

SPORTS 19 

Regular Sinus 
Problems? 

Our research center is evaluating a treatment 
for sinusitis. Qualified volunteers who are at least 
3 years old will be compensated for their time. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers. ages 6 to 60, are needed to evaluate new 
medications for wheezing. coughing. and chest tight-
ness. Patients need to be taking asthma medications 

. 

regularly and have no other major health problems. 
Qualified participants will be paid for their participation. 

For more details call 291-1144 
and ask for Lauren. 

Allergy & Asthma Medical Group 
& Research Center A. P. C. 

3444 KEARNY VlLLA ROAD. SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO. CALIFORNIA 92123 

OVERDUE$? 
UCSD Library will implement a new billing policy beginning Spring 
Quarter, 1992, that will affect all library borrowers. This will be the 
procedure for overdue or lost library items: 

• A courtesy reminder stating that items are overdue will be sent 
shortly after the due date. 

• If materials are not returned or renewed, a second notice will 
be sent stating that a non<ancellable overdue fee of $7.00 has 
been levied. 

• If materials are still not returned, borrowing privileges will be 
suspended and a bill will be issued which indudes replace· 
ment cost of the item(s), a $7.00 overdue fee. a 520.00 
processing fee and a 57.00 billing service d1arge. 

• If an item is recalled and not returned by its revised due date. 
an additional $14.00 dlarge will be imposed. 

You may renew items on or before their due date, or before 
overdue items have accrued the overdue fee. by telephoning or 
stopping at the circulation desk of any UCSD library. Library 
materials (except Reserve items) lTlay 
be returned to any branch. If you 
have questions about these policy 
changes, or other borrowing policies, 
call 534-3339. The LIbrary is not 
responsible for undelivered lTlail. UCSD LIBRARY 



20 SPORTS 

KEEPING 
SCORE 

Fear and Loathing 
In Palm Springs 
As WE Df.SCENDED otrrOF the mowlt.ai~ Sunday night. the rain beat down on 
us. Rain, the bane to all who love 
baseball, the most fragile of sports 
- one that must be played outside 
(unless you enjoy playing on green 
plaslic Carpel), and yet one which is 
just as susceptible 10 precipitation as 
was the Wicked Witch of the West. 

There wasn'l supposed to be any 
rain in Palm Spring . This was 
Sonny Bono' desen oasi ,the land 
of pring break and spring tmining. 
Tickets to two Giants-Angels 
exhibition games were burning a 
hole in my water-proof backpack. 

The min had ubsided some as 
we reached the hotel. a quaint 
poured-concrele block called the 
Date P'.um M tor Lodge. Good. 
Perhaps after a night spent in our 
hardened bunker, the desen would 
be dry again. 

The man checking us in looked 
like a refugee from Mayberry. I 
irnn1ediately took to calling him 
"Oeetus." As he handed u the key, 
he smiled dumbly. I hoped we'd 
never have to see him again. 

T WO MINllTES AFTER opening the door to our hoIel room, I 
heard my friend Andrea scream 
from the bathroom. 

"My God," he said, "it's a 
cockroach the size of Nebraska" 

We called Oeetus. Not man 
enough to crush a bug, you say? 
Hardly. BUI had I actually squished 
the rnon.~ter, it would've left a 
puddle of dead bug blood (and dead 
bug) thaI would've rivaled Lake 
Huron in surface area. We had 
hoped our hick savior would bring a 
cage, tmp the thing, and take it to lhe 
p-..um Springs Zoo. 

The Giants were no doubl in 
town by now. Baseball. We were 
here for baseball. Did the Giants 
have giant /Jugs in their rooms? I 
d ubted it. 

C t EmlS ARRIVED T our room with a piece of one-ply facial 
ti:. ·ue. I don't know how he 
expected to use the tissue, except 
perhaps to give our friend the bug a 
snack!>O he'd have less ' entive to 
cat lL<;. But we discovered that our 
bug had disappeared. 

"Aw.that ain't no worry," 
Oeetus said. 'That weren't no 
cockroach, anyway. 11M there was 
a date beetle." 

Oh, I felt milch better then. Since 
it ain't no cockroach, I won't worry 
when Mr. Date Beetle cmwls into 
my ear in the night and prepares a 
nest We slept with the bathroom 
door closed. 

The weather on Monday was 
panly cloudy. and small drops of 
rain feU through rays of u~hine. 
Angel Stadium is a true minor 
league prut. right down to the 
outfield wall being covered over 
with advertisements for various 
local comjXllUes. 

Vendors sold the standard sports 
fare: cold-Coke-get-your-Coke-here, 

See SCORE, Page 19 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian Monday, March 30,1992 

Tritons Can't Dethrone Lords at Nationals 
• Swimming finishes 
second to Kenyon at 
National Champion hips 
earlier this month 
By Ken Perlman 
Sports Editor 

For the UCSD men' and 
women' swim team , econd-best 
is good enough. TIle Tritons can't 
complain about fini shing behind 
Kenyon College (OH) in this year's 
NCAA Division III swimming and 
diving championhips, held in Buf-
falo. After all, the Lords' men's 
team grabbed it 13th consecutive 
title and the women's team came 
away with its ninth. 

UCSD Head Coach Doug Boyd 
knew going in that the Kenyon dy-
nasty would remain intact, but was 
pleased with the women' perfor-
mance as the Tritons came away 
with 256 points, theclose. t any team 
could come to the Lords' 523. 

Credit the UCSD diving tearn 
with a large number of those points. 
The Tritons placed fourdivers in the 
top eighl in both the one-meter and 
three-meter events, a feat never be-
fore accomplished in collegiatediv-
ing. 

"It was pretty unbelievable the 
way they came together," said 
UCSD Diving Coach Tom Scotty. 
And "unbelievable" the Tritons 
were. The divers helped UCSD to 
109 of their total points. 

In the one-meter competition, 

DlWl McOoweIlIGu.wtian 
Travis Miller won the 200yard backstroke for the UCSD men' s team at the NCAA Division III Championships. 
Jill Jackson dove well enough to 
take second place, the best Triton 
performance. Ruth Prange wasn't 
far behind in founh place. and team-
mates Cathi Wood and Julie 
Gold tein placed seventh and eighth 
respectively. 

In the three-meter event, Prange 
gmbbed fourth whileJackson placed 
fifth . Wood and Goldstein dove lheir 
way to sixth and seventh. 

For his tearn' effon ,Scotty was 
named Coach of the Year for the 
second time in four seasons. 

The coach generously credited 
histeann. "The divers (did) well. It 's 
just a reflection on that," he said. 

"We turned an individual spon into 
a team sport ... 

The women's swimming team 
was led by its 200-yard freestyle 
relay team. Brenda Weigel, Christy 
Parker, Jocelyn Rothbard andJarnee 
Couch swam their way to second 
place with a timeof I :37.97. Kenyon 
won the event with a new meet 
record of 1:34.97. 

Rothbard and Weigelleamed up 
with Connie Romero and Sabrina 
Lum to take second in the 800-yard 
freestyle relay witha time of7:48.5, 
10 seconds behind the Lord's win-
ning time. 

Still, Boyd was pleased with the 

perfonnance. "That was probably 
our best relay of the meet." he said. 

While Boyd admitted that the 
women weren't as sharp as he had 
hoped, he had few complaints about 
the meet. "I'm happy with what 
they do. as long as they do the best 
they can:' he aid of his team. 

Romero added two impressive 
wims to her relay performance. 

The two-time All-American posted 
times of 5:09.5 in the 500-yard 
free. tyle and 17:41.9 in the mile 
swim. Romero's mile perfonnance 
was the second fastest in Triton 
history. 

See SWIM, Page 14 

Sargeant Takes Command, Makes Olympic Trials 
• Track team captures 
own meet as men trounce 
Pomona-Pitzer by 87 
By Grea Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

For UCSD's SCOII Sargeant, the 
road to Barcelona goes through Palo 
Alto. The Tritons' star hammer 
thrower hurled himselfinlo the U.S. 
Olympic Trials with a toss of209-9, 
a new school record. at the Stanford 
Invitational Saturday. 

The throw was good enough for 
. econd place in the invitational por-

tion of the event. "[Sargeant] is in 
the top 30 throwers in the counlry ," 
said UCSD Head Coach Mark 
Stanfonh. "Ju t making the trials at 
this point i an accomplishment." 

Two of the Tritons' other ham-
mer throwers, Jeff Taylor and Paul 
Cogbill, placed third and fifth re-
spectively in the open division of 
the competition. Both Taylor's 
throw of 182-10 and Cogbill's 
178-5 effon were good enough to 
qualify them for the NCAA cham-
pion hips along with Sargeant. 

"Right now we have three of the 

best hammer throwers in Division 
10." said Stanforth. "We're defi-
nitely the top group in the counlry." 

TIle hammer throwers were only 
one pan of the Triton track team that 
hosted the UC San Diego Spring 
Challenge on Mar. 22. Teams from 
all over the counlry including Al-
legheny, Colby, Pomona-Pitzer, 
Redlands and MIT competed with 
UCSD, but the Tritons made quick 
work of the Division III teams. 

The women finished in first place 
ahead of runner-up Allegheny by a 
score of 166-146. The men domi-

nated their events, running up a 
184-97 win over Pomona-Pitzer. 

Diane Fritz and Renee Sprowl 
led the Triton attack as double win-
ners. Fritz opened her day with a 
15.83-second win in the lOO-meter 
hurdles and her leap of 17-21/~ se-
cured her a win in the long jump. 

Sprowl took the triple jump with 
a mark of35-6 1/2 and won the high 
jump with a jump of 5- I. 

On the men's side, Patrick Foy 
captured the 800-meters with a 
I :56.5, while Triton Malt Ringer 
won the 1500 in 4 :02.76. 

~~~~Ranked ~d~~~th~~!~.sl~ Own Invitational 
I Staff Writer 3 victory Wi th a two-run home run in the 

I The U D baseball team fell to Cal sixth inning. driving home three Tritons Lutheran by a 9-4 score in Snturday's in the game. The ixth-inning blast was 
championship game, settling for runner- Rex \ founh long ball of the . eason. 
up in the UCSD Invitational Tournanlent. Junior outhpaw Ryan AanaganlO ed 

The Tritons ( 14-3-1) improved their live stellar inning of one-hit ball before 
NCAA Division In milking from eighth the min delay, but struggled on Saturday 
to sixth after winning two of their four morning. 
tournament conte t ,three played against Bryan Thomason took the mound in 
top-12 teams. the ixthinningwiththescoretied3-3 and 

Unmnked Centml Wa hington edged held UWW at bay for his third victory of 
out UCSD in the first round of pool play the season. 
on Wednesday, pulling off a 6-4 upset. The Tritons then faced Cal Luthemn 
"We are never sharp coming out of final (22-1) in pool play. and promptly handed 
week." UCSD Head Coach Lyle Yates the second-ranked ballclub its first defeat 
said. "TIley were the four!h stronge tteanl of the season. 
out of the four teams playing." Triton ace Brent Hansen (4-0) struck 

UCSD won the next match-up, al- out 14 befuddled Kingsmen. allowing 
though it took two day to put away 12th- nine hit in his complete game victory. 
ranked University of Wi sconsin- UCSD picked up nine hits on the of-
Whitewater. fensive end, three of them off the hot bat 

Thursday's matchup was postponed of junior second baseman Doran Yount. 
by min during the fifth inning and the Yount parked a four-run Triton rally in 
game was resumed again on Saturday the second inning with a run-scoring 
moming. See BASEBALL, Page 18 David Rex's homer in the sixth inning sparked UCSD. 


