
UCB Member Proposes Motion to Rre Carruthers 
• Resolution expected to clarify Director' position and his relationship to veB, Vniver ity 
By ErIc SchmIdt 
Associate News Editor 

A motion to fire University Cen-
ter Dim;tor Jim Carruthers was in-
troduced at the University Center 
Board (UCB) meeting Monday. The 
resolution will be voted on at next 
week's meeting. 

1be resolution, brought forward 
by UCB Commis ioner of Finance 
and Co-op and Enterprise Represen-
tative Chris Burnett, stems from con-
flicts last quarter between the UCB 
and Carruthers,the UCB advisor. 

In effect, the motion is intended 
to transfer administrative control over 
the student centers from Carruthers 
to the student-run UCB and to clarify 
the relationship between the univer-

sity, the UCB and the University 
Center director. 

Said B umen, "As far as I' rn con-
cerned, there' enough hi tory and 
reasons to how that Jim Carruthers 
by hi pastaclionshasdemon Imled 
an incompatibility and an unwill-
ingne s to work with student and 
tudent organizations." 

The i ue of control came into 
the potlight last quarter when 
Carruthers ordered that Groundwork 
Books,a tudentcooperative, would 
change its statu from a co-op 10 an 
outside contract vendor. like 
Wendy's andotheron-campus busi-
nesses, within 90 day . 

Carruthers said Groundwork vio-
lated university payroll policy, a 

charge Groundwork representatives 
deny. 

The UCB then passed a re olu-
lion aying Carruth rs should have 
consulted the UCB and telling him 
to retmct his order. Carruthers said 
he i not a UCB employee. 

Carruthers' $67,000 salary is paid 
out of the $37.50 quarterly Student 
Centers Fee paid by UCSD tu-
dents, according to UCB Chair 
Molly McKay. The UCB then dis-
tributes these fees to the Student 
Center and the Price Center for 
event and expenses. 

According to hi job description, 
Carruthers reports to Assistant Vice 
Chancellor Tom Tucker, not the 
UCB or any student organization. 

~ .. "~- . .... ; > \- • '~ J 
.~ 

File Photo 
University Center Director Carruthers 

"Jim lCarruthersl works for me 
and repons to me as a staff member 
of the university. His hiring and 

See UCB, Page 3 

UC System Seeks 
Animai-Friendly 
Research Methods 
• New center to di pen e infonnation 
through database and re earch library 
By Philip Michaels 
Staff Writer 

The University of alifomia has e tablished a 
system-wide program to promote the use of altema-
tives in research using animals. The focu of the new 
program is to provide information about animal re-
search alternatives already practiced by the univcr-
ity. 

"Basically, the issue is to use what's appropriate 
for study ," said Marky Pitts, animal subject coordina-
tor for the Office of Animal Research at UCSD. 

The program will be based on the UC Davis 
campus, and will assist other UC schools by provid-
ing resources on alternatives to animal research. 

The center will feature a computerized database 
containing material on alternative research models 
and a reference library with materials on animal 
alternatives. 

Paul MadlByIGwman 
UNE UP -All that practice In lining up from elementary school finally pays off. Anyone 

The progr.un will al 0 be responsible for organiz-
ing a clearinghouse for new software, videotapes and 
other educational materials that can be used in teach-
ing alternatives to animal research as well as outreach 

who needs to purchase a packet from Soft Reserves knows that these people will have 
a long, but worthwhile wait. 

New Greek Organizations 
Begin Rush To Colonize 
By M8ry Betty Heard 
News Editor 

A new fraternity and sorority are 
joining UCSD's growing Greek 
community. The Phi Gamma Delta 
fraternity begins rush for its colony 
classes tonight, while the Alpha Chi 
Omega sorority will begin rush on 
Sunday. 

According to Elizabeth Lawson, 
president of the Pan-Hellenic Ass0-
ciation of sororities, Alpha Chi 
Omega is the second of three sorori-
ties chosen to join the UCSD com-
munity since the association voted 
to expand in the fall of 1989. Chi 
Omega founded its colony last win-
ter, and Kappa Alpha Theta will 
rush forthe first time in the winferof 
1994. 

Phi Gamma Delta, also known 
as Fiji. is the first of three new 
fraternities to be admitted on cam-
pus by the InIcrFnItemiIy Council 
(IFC). ax:ordini 10 UCSD Political 

Science graduate tudent Eric 
Bruvold. A Phi Gamma Delta from 
the University of Denver, Bruvold 
has been involved in the planning 
for the fonnation of UCSD's Phi 
Gamma Delta. 

The IFC will also admit Alpha 
Tau Omega in 1994, and Kappa 
Alpha in 1996. 

Lawson said that the Panhellenic 
Association chose the Alpha Chi 
Omega sorority because, "We 
thought that their local suppon and 
national organization were going to 
fit in with our campus well. We 
liked their goals .... They have a 
good name and we thought they 
would do well here." 

Lawson added that San Diego 
Stale University has an Alpha Chi 
Omega chapter, and that sororities 
~ stronaer when there is a sister 
sorority neaaby. 

Holly Redlin, a collegiate Iead-
See 8RIEICI, Page 7 

See ANIMALS, Page 8 

A.S. Joins National Student 
Interest Lobby Organization 
• USSA only voice of students in D.C. 
By Joanne Donahoe safety, and various progmms 
Guardian Reporter benefiting students nationwide. 

The United States Student On December 4, the UCSD 
Association (USSA), a national AS. voted to join the USSA as a 
organization promoting student way 10 promote legislation to 
access to higher education, ad- benefit the students ofUCSD. 
dressed the recently admined Stacey Ley ton, vicepresi-
UCSD Associ- A, dent of the 
ated Student US SA USSA, said 
(A.S.) council at ~ last night , 
last night's A.S. _ _ "The USSA is 
meeting. 

The USSA represents 350 
colleges nationwide, about 3.5 
million students, and is the only 
voice of students on Capitol Hill, 
and at the White House and the 
Department of Education. 

According to its members, the 
organization promotes access to 
higher education through more 
financial aid to students, campus 

vi iting UCSD 
to promote is ues the US SA is 
working on at the federal level 
that will seriously affect a 
student's ability to make it 
through school." 

The USSA is currently p~ 
moting legislation in Congress 
to make a Pell Grant Entitle-
ment. According to Leyton, this 

See U., Page 7 



2 NEWS 

N SCIENCE ------EWS==a= 
'-,1 1 f '.; i I ( '. \' I : I' ( .\ I , \ 'I '-, 

SIO to be Included In NSF Center 
In Studies of Clouds, Global Climate 

The National Science Foundation' (NSF) Center for 
Oouds. Chemisti)' and Oimate. CSIIIbIished earlier this 
year at the University of Olicago. is being extended to 
include the Scripps lnstitUlion of Oceanogmphy (SIO) at 
UCSD. the NSF has announced. 

The center will be jointly managed by UCSD and the 
Uni versity of Chicago, with the goal of understanding the 
complex role of clouds in regulating global climate and 
climate change. The centerwilJ be directed by Veerbhadran 
Ramanathan, a professor at SIO who recently left the 
Universiry of Chicago. 

Frank Richter, chairof geophysical sciences at Chicago, 
will serve as associate director. 

"This center brings together some of the foremost 
research groups in the world in the areas of atmospheric 
chemistry, climate and global change," said Edward 
Frieman. director of SIO. 

"The research to be conducted is among the most 
important scientific worlc today because the chemistry of 
the atmosphere i undergoing significant changes, both as 
the result of natural causes and hUllllll1 activities," he added. 

The NSF is providing approximately $5 million for the 
research center's first five years. with an additional $300,000 
from other sources for the first year. 

According to Ramanathan. the center's efforts will 
foc:uson analysis. observation, datacolleclion and computer 
modeling in the general area of global climate change. 

Investigations will incorpomte aircraft measurements, 
global climate model studies, and data gathered by remote 
sensing instruments on earlh-orbiting satellites. The center 
will make use of the San Diego Supercomputer Center at 
UCSD to help define and refine climate model. 

Chemistry and Physics Lectures 
Through the End of Next Week 

• Thursday. Jan. 9 - Dr. Herbert LevineofUCSD will 
speak on "From Catalytic Converters to SLime Mold Ag-
gregation: The Excitement Over Excitable Media," at 4 
p.m. in York Hall room 2622. 

• The temperatures for Friday. 
Saturday. and Sunday in San 
Diego Cou1ty: 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

• Friday, Jan. 10 - Dr. Peter Toogood of Harvard Uni-
versity will lecture on "Chemical Approaches to the Control 
of the Influenza Virus." at II a.m in Urey HaD room 2102. 

• Friday. Jan. 10 - Profes or Mark Thompson of 
Princeton University will lecture on "Chemisti)' in Two-
Dimensions: Synthesis, Reaction ' and NMR Structural Stud-
ies of Layered lnterchalation Compounds," at 4 p.m in 
Peterson Hall room 103. 

• Monday, Jan. 13 - Dr. Jonaahan Dorfan of the Stanford 
Linear Accelerator Center will lecture on "Physics at a B-
Factory." at 2 p.m. in Mayer Hall room 4322. 

• Monday, Jan. 13 - Professor Bill Fenical of the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography will speak on "a.emistry of 
Marine Microorganisms," at 4 p.m. in the Humanities and 
Social Sciences Building room 2250. 

• Tuesday. Jan. 14- Professor Peter Rentzepis of UC 
Irvine will peak on "Picosecond X-ray Diffraction," at 4 p.rn.. 
in Urey Hall room 2102. 

• Tuesday, Jan. 14- Dr. Blair Savage of the Univmity 
of Wisconsin will lecture on "High Resolution Studies of the 
Interstellar Medium with the Hubble Space Telescope," at 4 
p.m. in Mayer Hall room 4322. 

• Wednesday. Jan. 15 - Dr. 0 , Chemla of the Lawrence 
Berkeley Laboratory will lectureon ''Time-Resolved Nonlinear 
Optical Spectroscopy of Quantum Wells in High Magnetic 
Field," at 4 p.rn.. in Mayer Hall room 4322. 

• Thursday, Jan 16- Dr.JeffreyKimbleoftheCalifomia 
Institute of Technology will speak on "Quantum Measure-
ment in Quantum Optics; New Light on the Nature of Dartt-
ness," at4 p.m. in York Hall room 2622. 

Tbunday, J...,. 9, 1992 

scientific misconduct and other ethical i ~ pertaining to 
both reliearch and practice. 

Pius has served on the ARENA Council for the pas! 
three years. She chaired the first Animal Issues Work hop 
in 1989 and i the first president from the western region. 

In addition to her responsibilities with the Animal 
Subject OffICe, PillS also serves as Communication~ 
Specialist/Animal Issues wid! University Coovnunica-
tion at UCSD. 

N uc EWS 
" ~ , . , 

~ r' ~ I'" , '. q : 

SpecIal ConmMee FUnded to Hire 
Replacement for DavId Gardner 

A Special Conunittee 10 Consider die Selection of a 
President has been formed to seek a succ:essor to David 
Gardner. the University of California's I!lth president, 
whose resignation will be effective Oct. I. 

Gardner announced on Nov. 14 dill be wiD be 5ICpping 
down this fall after nine years as presidcnL 

UC Board of Regents Chair Memlith Khachigian bas 
appointed Regent Jacques Yeager as chair of the conunit-
tee. She also appointed four other regents. the student 
~__ .. regent, and others to the conunittee. 
~~£;;;~ The committee will consult with representatives of the 

"l\\S 1\ GRier 

Marky PItts Named PresIdent of 
National Ethics Research organization 

Marky Pitts, director of the Animal Subjects Office at 
UCSD, wa.~ installed a. .. president of the Applied Research 
Ethics National A~sociation (ARENA) during a recent meet-
ing in Boston. 

ARENA is a national organization of more than 500 
profe ionals concerned with issues relating to the protection 
of human subjects, the humane care and treatment of animal , 

university 'S constituent groups, including faculty, staff. 
students, chancellors, laboratory directors and vice presi-
dents. Such consultation will focus on the relevancy of the 
criteria chosen. The nominee or nominees will be pre-
sented to each group at the conclusion of the search. 

The UC's Academic Council will form an advisory 
committee, as will students, staff and alumni. 

An advertisement for the presidency, seeking nomina-. 
tions and applications. has been prepared and is being 
distributed throughout the country. 

It notes that candidates "should have demonstrated 
administrative experience in the conduct of affairs of 
substantial organizations, an appropriate scholarly record, 
an understanding of late and federal fiscal processes, and 
a talent for leadership of a large and complex organiza-
tion." 

The Board of Regents is expected to select a new 
president by next summer. 

GTheUCSD UARDIAN 
JASON SNEU., EIIb h ChIllI 
PETER KO, MarllWrW &Mot 
EEN BOYCHUK, 0phIan EdIrIt 
JAMES COl LER, DIIfpI Edfar 
LYNN FRANEY, Copy &liar 
JENtI'( GAl INa, .. .,...,.,."", EdIIrw 
JOSEPH GARCIA, """,. EIMtIt 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ,... saw 
CHERYL ItOCIWAN, .Woe'" a.., EfIIIIf 
SUE MAPES, 4_a. PItaI» EdIIor 
MEL MARCELO, s..- EiIIIIDt 
DAN MCOCMEU., ""* EdfGr KEN PERlMAN, __ EdfGr 
atRlSTCIIHER....., A ___ Spora EdfIor 
BREIT RHYNE, s,.a. .. EdIar 
MATTHEW ~ AMI'''' OphbJEdIor 
ANGElA ROVA, 4_ c'" Spec." EfIIIIf ERIC SCHMIDT, 4." ... __ &Ib 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, 4M1''''' __ EtIIDr 
WILEEN WONG, AMldIee,."". EdIur 
GREDG WRENN, A_late Sparfs EdIIrw 

BOB DeANDREA, .... ,.."""., 
MICHAEL FOULKS, ........ ___ 
MIKE MARTINEZ, AdtwtIMW D .. ~ 
Eo LEIGH HENRY, a ,"'fed ".,. •• InfoIIM 
--'" • ·Kei""-. __ .~ __ 
--.-- Mo)ef. ~Y*'IaIid CIIIIIIIIIIIoI: Joe 1M. SImnhe ShorT 

". LCSD_ II....., ............ "..,.,. .... fa _,.." ... for ... 
__ LCSD. ____ .. _ .. "' .... _I11_."-. __ 
... --.C1tll2. ..... _ ".LCSD ....... __ ... _d 
__ .... 1IIe_ ................ _._ ... 
~_ .. _d""LCSD __ .. ~ __ ... _ 
_ ""LCSD_._IGIoII." ............... a...''''''_IIIIO,.. ... 
IIIIIIiIII: U4aIO ....... 0-= .,..,., fU: .... 7Ift 
CJCSD Guadan, 9500 GIlman DIM 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
__ .... _.UCID_~ .... ·.· 

Thunday, January 9,1992 The UCSD G\W'dian NEWS 3 

UCB 
ContInued from .... 1 
firing lies with me, not with anyone else," 
Tucker said. 

Tucker also said Carruthers did not act 
alone in his dealings with Groundwork, but 
was suppolted by Tucker and the univmiry. 

Groundwork CIH>p member Steve Dubb 
agreed. saying, "It's not just (CanuthelS') 
faul .. " 

According to Burnett, as a university em-
ployee Carruthers ~d be paid by the Wli-
versiry, not student fees. 

"If the administration insists on bullying 
students and student organizalions.lhey should 
pay his salary themselVes." he wrote in a Jan. 
3 letter to the UCB. 

As Carruthers sees it. however. "they [the 
UCB] can recommend anything they want. I 
workforlheWliversity- my alarycomesout 
of that budget." 

Burnen said that any reaction by the admin-
istration would clarify the relationship be-
tween the university ,thedirectorand the UCB. 
Even negative admini tmtion rea tion to the 
re olution, if it passe • could clarify the itua-
tion. 

"Basically what will happen if[the admin-
i tration] trie to go again t [the resolution) is 
that they will probably face legal action," 
Burnett said. 

He added that the resolution is not as "drdS-
tic" as some might think, since at least five 
university center directors have been fired by . 
the Student Center Board. now known as the 
UCB. 

McKay said, though. that the UCB hould 
not necessarily take such strong action at the 
start. "I'm a little nervous at this point. I don't 
want to jeopardize any options the co-ops may 
have," she said. 

Nevertheless, McKay said the issue of who 
Carruthers works for needs to be straightened 
out. "The fact is that it's unacceptable to have 
a director whodoesn't answer to students [but] 
is paid by us," she said. 

UCSD'S CLOTHING OUTLET 

50%-90% 
BELOW RETAIL 

McKay added that she believes the issue of 
control of student funds and student organiza-
tions goes beyond the Carruthers/UCB issue. 
Rather, the issue has been debated for years 
throughout the University of California sys-
tem. 

According to McKay, a bill, A.B. 1884, is 
advancing through the slate legislature this 
year which would give student governing bod-
ies more autonomy. 

Theproposedbillissimilartoa 1974 UCLA 
agreement between the Associated Students of 
UCLA (ASUa.A) and the administration. in 
which the ASUCLA gained almost complete 
autonomy. according to McKay. 

McKay said that although the proposed bill 
will not go as far as the UCLA agreement, it 
will give student governing groups the power 
to make legaUy binding contracts and control 
over student-assessed fee . 

She said the bill stems from a report written 
by UCSD students and her as a result of the 
controversy over UCSO's RIMAC sports fa-
cility. 

The writers sent the bill to the University of 
Califomi~ Student Association, which is in -
volved in lobbying student-interest bills. 

If the bill passes. McKay said. "]t would 
show that student actions can work if you are 
persistent." 

CLARIRCATION 
According to members of the Ground-
work Collective. the collective did not. 
in agreeing to negotiate over the 
university'scontractvendoragreernent, 
decide to be an outside vendor (Jan. 6 
issue). Rather. they contend that they 
maintain their status as a student 
organization until they either sign the 
agreement with few changes, or until 
they create a new status through nego-
tiations over the university's agree-
ment. The Guardian regrets any misin-
terpretations. 

I ~'~ I APPAREL = DESIGNER ~ Z 0 N E 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 

1 00/0 OFF wilh Ie >lutlmllD. 

...... _-- NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY---
• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT • VICTORIA'S SECRET • EXPRESS 
• LIMITED • TWEEDS • & MOREl 

8250 Camino Santa Fe (just down the road) 
Go lilt on La .lola V ... Drive, .. R;1Is past Hwy 805, left on cnno Santa Fe 

OPEN: Wed.-Sat., 11 am-7 pm • Sun. 12-5 pm 
'----------450-3323 -----------1 

Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Wattenon 

~~"; 00 I 1It.'I£ m l'1:) TO 
& 1) OOW? t ~""I£l< 
GD 1t) ItlAr t 'fOIlIT! 

If 1 GP I/i'~ ~ SIC 
s:Pr~~ 
IIOIJ$ Of 1\115 .'ftlIJ'll 

~£!E~!! \ (if ~ 
~ E\'\,Il. B:GIME ,.., 
PS\COOf'l\ 14 &O.IIi>~ lit 
IlIIDm 
It) Stl> ~r ~ 

ru~k\'.U:. 
\\OJI/. 

I~ 
IOCIi!9oo / '/1 ....... ___ _ -L.J.U'O"U '-_ ____ -' 

,---------------------- --1 
I Writers! NEW Writers, OLD Writers, CONFUSED I 
I Writers, HAPPY Writers - ANY Writers! I 
I There will be a NEWS WRITERS MEETING: I 
I January 14, 1992 I 
I UCSD Guardian Office * I 
I 8:15 p.m. I 
I If you would like to attend, but can't because of classes. call M.B. (News I 
I Editor) or Sheryl or Eric (Associate News Editors) at 534-5226 I 
I • The Guardian office is on the second noor of the old Student Center. above the General I 
L _________ ~reC~~~~ _________ ~ 

FREE 
MOCK MeAT 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 11 , 9 AM 

8650 GENESEE AVE •• 218 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPING CENTER 

SPONSORED BY 

CALL FOR RESERVATIONS 
587-8600 



OPINION 
4 OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARY 

A Grim Winter 
• With market prices now in effect, the Russian 
peoples' struggle for swvival will be greater than ever 
ByMelnda ........ 
Senior Staff Writer 

Saturday had been a long day, pent 
mainly cruising down 1-5 on my way back 
to school. I hadn't eaten anything all day so 
my stomach was having coniption fit . But 
every time it growled, I didn't think about 
how hungry I was, but about my Ru ian 
friends in St. Petersburg. Funny way to 
remember your friends, huh? 

As part of his plan to move Russia to a 
market ecomony, Russian President Boris 
Yeltsin freed price on everything last 
Thursday. I watche(\ on the evening news 
a they reported a kilogram (2.2 Ibs.) of 
ausage increased from 5 ruhles to 160 

rubles and a kilo of ham co t I,OCYJ rubles 
(the average Russian eams a monthly sal-
ary of 500 rubles, or about $5.56). I felt 
sick to my stomach the next morning when 
I read 80 percent of the grocery stores in SI. 
Petersburg were closed because they had 
nothing to sell and the warehouses were 
closed for inventory. A I read that, I 
wondered how my friends were faring, 
whetherthey had enough money and time 
to find and buy the food they needed. 

I recalled the evening 1 spent with one 
of these friend a few month ago when we 
discussed the di fference between his cul-
lUre and mine. I explained J had no prob-
lem comparable to his living conditions. 
He crystallized my thoughts perfectly when 
he said, "Our biggest problem i where 
tomorrow's lunch is coming from.". only 
nodded in agreement. 

Although salaries are supposed to go 
up to match the inflation and ceilings have 
been placed on prices for essential food 
items such as bread and milk, these mea-
sures cannot take effect quickly enough. 
Salarie are not expected to increase be-

fore next month, but that does not seem to be 
the main problem, but the total lack of goods. 
Many expected the stores to automatically fill 
up when the prices went up as people who 
were hoarding goods offered them for sale at 
free market prices. 

It did not happen, either because people 
are saving them for themselves and what is 
expected to be a long, hard winter ahead or 
keeping them in anticipation of even higher 
price increases. 

11lesituation hits people in the cities much 
harder than those in thecountryside. Ru sians 
who live in more rural areas usually have 
small plots of land which they farm to pro-
duce food item for themselve or to sell on 
the open markets. These markets, which dot 
the cities, have long been charging much 
closer to free market price for higher quality 
items that are hard or impos ible to find in the 
state stores. 

A are ult, city dwellers have flooded the 
countryside, looking for items unavailable 
closer to home. A few of Rus ia's neighbor-
ing republic , including Belarus and the 
Ukraine. have implemented marl<.et prices 
much faster than originally intended be-
cause visiting Russians have caused a prod-
uct dmin on their supplies. 

I am scared for the Ru Ian people. ~area 
formy teacher" thJ'ee-year-()lddaughter, who 
may have contracted whooping cough be-
cause he did not receive the vaccine. which 
itself sometimes kill the children. Scared for 
my teacher, who cannot gel medicine or milk 
for the little girl who is the light of her life. 
Scared for my friends, young students like 
myself with little money, and all the people 
like them. 

I received a fax from one of my friends the 
other day. Faxes are the most reliable way to 
get letters out of Russia. Phone calls, limited 

to 10 minute , must be ordered two days in 
advance and even then are really chancy 
(there are 64 phone lines in and out of the 
whole country, all routed through Moscow). 
Letters take at least six weeks, if they ever 
arrive at all. 

International faxes, while relatively more 
reliable. are prohibitively expensive for the 
averJge Russian at 46 ruhles (about $.51) a 
page. I had given my friend the money to send 
me the fax, which arrived Jan. I. In it, he said 
he probably would not be able to send me 
more faxe. because the price was going to 
increase to nearly 300 (about $3.33) rubles a 
page. Phone calls to the States, which used to 
cost 12ruhles(about$. 13) a minute, now cost 
200 rubles (about $2.22) a minute, the same 
amount it co ts to call St. Petersburg from 
here. 

Nobody knows what will happen. I think 
a~ut my friends daily , hoping that they are all 
right. I spent Christmas break incredibly de-
pressed because I could not help looking 
everywhere and thinking about all the things 
that I had and my Russian friends do not. So 
many people say the recession is causing 
Americans to hit rock bottom, but it 's all 
relative. While many Americans are having 
financial troubles and are out of work, we still 
have grocery stores full of products (except 

COMMENTARY 

Thunday, January 9, 1992 

Ralph 's at 8:30 p.m. the night before 
classes start), a government lhat is rela-
tively stable and a currency with a con-
stant exchange rate. When I left, the legiti-
mate exchange rate was 90 rubles to one 
dollar, up from 32 rllbles four months 
earlier, and the block marl<.et rate even 
higher. 

I cannot tell you how many times 
while I was over there the thought skit-
tered across my consciousness: I'm' so 
gladl'mallAmericall. 1 always knew that 
I would be coming home in a matter of 
weeks to a place where it takes two sec-
onds, not two days, to buy eggs and no-
body dies waiting in line formilk (I'm not 
kidding; a woman suffered a heart attack 
and died while waiting in line for milk in 
a town in the Ural Mountains). 

As Russians celebrated the new year, 
they faced afutureofuncertainty,aswitch 
for a people who for so long were indoc-
trinated to believe that someday commu-
nism would arrive (it hadn't yet, as my 
friends told me. The Soviet Union was a 
socialist state) and everything would be 
all right. 

But Russia will have to find its own 
path, the only cenainty being that com-
munism is not at the end of that path. 

The Right to Hate Others is Important - and Endangered by P.C. 
• Society must detennine whether equality or freedom of thought is to be valued in the university 
By Tlmothy Haeg 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

The debate occasioned by the sexalled 
"Politically Correct" movement, indeed 
the movement itself, re ults from a para-
dox ari ing from the notion of human 
rights. We have the right to think whatever 
we want. It follows that we have the right 
to hate anyone we want for any reason 
whatsoever. 

We have the rightto hate people for the 
color of their kin. Conversely, we have 
the right to favor anyone we want for any 
reason. We have the right to favor people 
because of the color of thei r skjn. In addi-
tion to the right to think whatever we want. 
we have the right to equal treatment in the 
workplace, in the political arena, before 
the law, in the university, and in society in 
general. 

Employers, as we have seen, have the 
right to hate a race of people. So do politi-
cians, educators, policemen and judges, 
for that matter. The hatred of employers 
toward a race will be expressed in their 
unwillingness to hiremembersofthat race. 

But this detracts from the race' equal-
ity in society. In thi way, one form of 

" The goal of PC is to eliminate our human right to think whatever we 
want by making hatred and cultural bias pathological states rather than 

legitimate thoughts. 

human rights, the right to, freedom of thought, 
injures another form of human rights, the right 
to equal treatment in society. 

Thus far, efforts to solve this dilemma 
focus on the enactment of anti-discrimination 
laws which bar members of society from 
evidencing their hatred for a group. 

Thus, the employer cannot discriminate in 
his hiring practice . The judge cannot dis-
criminate in his ruling . The educator cannot 
discriminate in the classroom. The right to 
hate, which is nothing les than the right to 
absolute freedom of speech and thought, is in 
principle rendered impotent. Acting in accor-
dance with the law, we can think whatever we 
want, but we can only enact some of our 
thoughts. 

The PC movement goes a good deal fur-

" 
ther than the legislation of anti-discrimina-
tion laws. 

By altering curriculum and limiting what 
words can be used in the university, the PC 
movement is attempting to indocrinate us in 
a mutuality in which all cultures and peoples 
are equal and it is somehow pathological to 
think otherwise. 

lbat this is indoctrination rather than an 
attempt at persuasion is evidenced by 
Orwellian fighting words policies. A person 
is not allowed to use the words necessary to 
argue on behalf of his hatred. The goal of PC 
is to eliminate our human right to think what-
ever we want by making hatred and cultural 
bias pathological states rather than legitimate 
thoughts. 

There i already a double standard in the 

application of the ide4 that feelings of 
cultural superiority, cultural bias and ha-
tred are pathological. One only has to 
attend a PC conference to be struck by the 
righteousness of the various groups in 
attendance. 

These groups point out that they have a 
right to their hatred, what with the damage 
done to their ancestors and themselves by 
white-male society. Who would disagree? 
But 1 don't hear the PC contingent calling 
on its member groups to put aside their 
pathological hatred, to try to understand 
the dominant white culture better. 

We are told again and again by these 
groups that they are the ones that must be 
understood, and that they have understood 
white culture well enough and for long 
enough. We are reminded by endless his-
torical facts that the hatred of these groups 
is not a disease but a binhright. 

Those on the other side of the issue 
wish to leave our right to freedom of 
thought intact. But this means that racism 
and bias in society must be seen as non-
existent, as though the failure of minority 
groups tocompetereflectedon these groups 

See HATE, Page 6 

- -" . 

Thanday, JUluary 9, 1992 

Who's Who 
at the ~Guardian 
Who to contacI when you want to ciscuss 
COI\I8fC in 1tIe newspaper: 
EucuIhe EdIDn 
534-6581 
• EdIIor.fn.Chlef 
Jason SneI 
• IIIIIIgIng EcItor 
Peter Ko 
• Both ecitOlS serve as iaisons between the 
Guslrtan's readers and its editorial staff. 

News 
DePIIblMNd 
534-5226 
• News EdItor 
Mary Betty Heard 
• AIaocIIte News Ecltcn 
Eric Schmidt, Shelyl Wolcott 
• Coverage: Events, changes, politics and 
people in the UCSD community. 
Opinion 
DePIIblient 
534-6582 
• OpInion Editor 
Ben Boychuk 
• AIIoc:Iate OpInion EdItor 
Matthew Robinson 
• Co .. : An open forum of letters, 
commentaries, and editorials dealing with off· 
and on-campus issues. 
F ...... 
Depa thlent (Spedade) 
534-5226 
• Features Editor 
BlettRhyne 
• AuocIIIe Features EcItor 
Angela Rova 
• Coverage: In-depth examinations 01 people, 
MIlts and issues around and conceming the 
UCSO community, every Monday. 

Arts " Elltertainment 
Depa blln (HiIIIus) 
534-6583 
• Arts & EntertIInment Editor 
Joseph Garcia 
• AaocIate Arts & 
EnIertIJnmenI EdItors 
Wtleen Wong, Jemy Galang 
• Coverage: News and reviews of the latest 
music, films, theater, as well as information on 
upcoming concerts, plays and events at and 
around UCSD, evfK'/ Thursday. 
Sports 
DeparblMNd 
534-6582 
• Sports EcItor 
Ken Perlman 
• AIaIIIt Sports EdItOfI 
Chris10pher Regnier, GNgg Wrenn 
• CowrIge: News, information and statistics 
about ucsO's aIhIeIic PRIIIflIITlS. 

Writing Letters 
""'UCSD~yulltlllsnam­

IIWIIIria OIupyuletllr ... ~ .... (CI1" 
I8COI1dIoor 01 .. old sw..c..,lIxMIh GnraI 
Sbe) 01 ,...1110: 

OpInIon EdIor 
....., 

."'Dr,DI1' 
u ...... CAaDDI1. 

lJIIIIIlhcUd III ttPId. dol..... n",., 
id.W 1 _l11li1 pIIonI ....... lIIIII ..... 1 
,.,.or pIIonI ....... II1II""'" WI .... .. 
~ IlId tar I1ng11I1111 dIdr. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Oliver Stone and the Official Story 
• Conspiracy theories abound, but none is so ridiculous as the one in the media 

Let's talk conspiracy. Have you 
heard the one about our govenunent's 
cover-up of the capture of shipwrecked 
aliens from outer space? How about ~ 
theory that Elvis was an undercover 
agent for the FBI, and that his death 
was staged so that he could escape 
harm? Then there's the Kennedy 
cooncction in Marilyn Monroe's 
suspicious dcaIh and the Nazi connec-
tion in the bio of ~o\lywood matinee 
idol Enol flynn. Excuse me, my dog 
and I seem to be lost in a strange land, 
which way to Kansas? 

The most fascinating conspiracy of 
them all is the vindictive media portrait 
of Oliver Stone as a man too hot under 
the collar to think straight when 
making movies like "JFK." A piece in 
Esquire had Stone drinlc.ing hard, 
raving like a paranoid and c1uelessly 
going about his business of understand-
ing who was behind JFK' s murder. 

In the January issue of 00, another 
brainless and insipid rag with nude and 
semi-nude women cavoning about in 
advenisements suspiciously similar to 
Playboy and Penthouse pictorials, 
Oliver Slone is subject to a repeat 
performance of the Esquire hatchet job: 
two pans sarcastic condescension and 
one part a tacit claim on objectivity. 

You know something is very wrong 
when Stone is castigated for being 
sexist in a magazine that sports pictures 
of women fondling themselves and 
offering their bare breasts to beefcake 
macho airbeads in siUy print bathing 
suits. 

Nothing should surprise us, 
however, in a magazine that c0n-
sciously misleads us into believing 
we're in for a story by Oliver Stone 
himself by putting the headline "Oliver 
Stone defends his movie" on the cover. 

Now that we're on the subject of 
covers, let's not fOrgel N~wswttt, a 
colorful and well-laid out glorious 

beacon of journalistic truth, which saw it 
fit to take a dump on Stone for being too 
biased while the magazine's cover 
sponed a wonderfully objective and 
impen;onal headline calling for the 
American public to not trust "the twisted 
truth" of "JFK." Pulitzer Prize for 
impaniality right there. 

"JFK" is a celebration of the resistance 
to authority, especially to the official 
stories we are expected to believe by 
those in power. 

Demonizing Stone and his film as 
propaganda intent on leading the Ameri-
can public astray from the "Truth" only 
masks a defense of passivity and subser-
vience to official truths handed down by 
a) God b) George Bush (alias God) c) 
NewsWeek (official publication of God). 
The official, state-sanctioned "Truths" are 
nothing more than institutionalized and 
weU-enforced lies. And the pages of 
history allest to the ease with which these 
fuel viciousness and cruelty. 

Religious "Truths" had it that we 
should tum the other cheek ... that is, tum 
the other cheek of the blaspbeming 
infidels, evil witches and Godless Native 
Americans as we hacked at them with 
swords, clubs and red hot bninds. 

In the nineteenth century, scientific 
"Truth" had it that blacks were stupid, 
primitive, deviant sex machines. Nation-
alistic "Truths" have more often than not 
been window dressing for business 
interests that drive us to gleefully drop 

bombs in infinitely pleasurable video 
game like wars. Yes, the fruits of 
public, official "Truths" are rJrely free 
from the rank stench of violent 
intransigence and stupidity. 

The bottom line is that good licket 
sales, awed audiences and right-wing 
spittle attest to a peculiar love-hate 
relationship with conspiracy theories in 
this country. Oliver Stone's provocative 
defiance of official "Truth" is not at 
odds with the pulse of a disenchanted 
country resentful of big government. 

At the same time, his film is a bold 
affront to the fervent nationalism of a 
nation that, in the words of Stormin' 
Norm and the Prez, has "banished the 
ghost of Vietnam" (as if this were a 
good thing). While jingoism drives us 
to reject "JFK," our stubborn individu-
alism opens us up to accept its premise. 

The lonely gunfighter, the bitter 
Privat~ Eye and the humble person 
against corrupt, big govemment are 
North American cultural staples. 

We find dignity and heroism in 
them. "JFK" is in this vein, command-
ing us to question authority, to take 
action against governments that lie to 
the people. 

This is the "emotional truth" that 
Stone has conjured up and what make 
the film work. All the nitpicking about 
"correct history" is just another way to 
discredit the bigger message, the 
"emotional truth" that is at the center of 
the film. 

With a Gary Cooper-like subdued 
charisma and playing a pan reminiscent 
of Gregory Peck's role in "To Kill a 
Mockingbird, .. Kevin Costner hits an 
emotional homer under Stone's skillful 
direction. And not one of the ranting 
apologists of the official "Truth" of the 
Warren report can steal that punch from 
the stunned audiences that exit the 
theater inspired. 

Thank you, Oliver Stone. 



6 OPINION · 

- Quotables -
"When I hear the word 'culture' I reach fOr my 
gun." 

-HansJohst 

"In a state worthy of the name then: is no 
liberty. The people want to exercise power but 
what on earth would they do with it ifit were 
given to them?" 

-V.I. Lenin 
"You can have an affection ror a murderer or a 
sodomite, but you cannot have an afrection for 
a man whose breath stinks - habitually stinks, 
I mean." 

- George Orwell 
"What men value in this world is not rights, but 
privileges. " 

- H.L Mcncken 

The UCSD Guardian 

HATE 
ConIInuIdt.. ..... 4 
raaher than on the opinions of those 
in power. 

A.:cording to this view, if rni-
norities were 10 produce empIoy-
meru applications rivaling those of 
whites. their minorities would be 
hired. Their example i the success 
of the Asian groups. 

But this argument is noI very 
convincing. It is hard 10 believe thai 
the gheUOS are a result of the inabil-
ity of minorities to compete in a 
market IbM treats themjUSl the same 
as everyone else. 

~ is an active racism present. 
holding these groups down. Evi-
dtnce for the existence of this rac-
ism is not difficult to find, from the 
Rodney King beating to the slow 
leSpOI1Seofemergellcy teams tocall 
in ghetto neighborhoods. 

If minorities are not competing. 
this is due at least in part to the 
habedofwhite-Americans. And this 
haired is a basic hwnan right. The 
fact that laws are on the books for-
bidding discrimm.ion only testi-
flCS 10 the impotence of such at-
tempts to force racists to behave 

objectively when hiring. rnakina 
laws. judainJ cues and otherwise 
performing their duties. 

Recall thai the PC faction wants 
to reduce hatted to a paIhoJosy, to 
claim IbM it is noc a right but a 
diacae. .... 10 c1imin111e itlhroulh 
edtaDonal indocIrinaaion.ln Ii.,. 
of the obvious faillR of currenl 
IIIIkIiIcrimina laws. this mip. 
seem like • solution to society's 
Wqieiriee 

But if someone tells me that I 
eIII't UIe cenain words,l tell her to 
"Fudtoff."Andifsomconetellsme 
thai I IlUIIl read books about ocher 
cultura at the expense of Plato. I 
respond that rudin, a few works 
from anotherculture is not going to 
increase my understanding and ap-
preciationofthat culture in a signifi-
cant way. More than likely, I will 
reduce the book to terms that I can 
understand, to the notions of my 
culture. And if someone tells me 
that these multicultural books are 
equal 10 the great telltsofthe West. 
I feel as though the right to make 
that decision for myself has been 
removed. 

Most importantly. if someone 
tells me that feelings of hate are 

Thanday, January 9, 1992 

pMhoIogical.1 reply that haired and 
biM _ an inescapable ingredient 
ofhuman nature, that no humans are 
compIdely free of prejudice, and 
that trying to deal with this by out-
lawing cultural bias is nothing short 
oflbouihl control. 

We must look for a solution to 
the inequities of society that does 
noI hold '-ic: human traits to be 
diseMed. thai does not defmc un-dersbIndin, to be the lack of these 
same "diseawd" traits. 

I have sketched the paradox of 
human rights and the resulting·di-
lemma from both poilU of view, 
which are equally valid. Ratherthan 
haggle over curriculum changes. 
fighting words policies and quocas. 
we ought to be directly considering 
the quandary in which we find our-
selves. . 

Which human right should be 
reduced or rejected? Can both hu-
man rights, equality and freedom of 
thought. be brought together to re-
duce alienation while still allowing 
the individual the potency of his 
opinions, no matter how repreho!n-
sible these might be? These are the 
properqucstions that society should 
be asking itself. 

the 1.992/1.993 UCSD undergraduate 
scholarship application deadline for 
continuing students is January 31, 1992 

SCHOLARSHIP WORKSHOPS 
i 

Thursday, January 16, 1992,5:00-6:00 p.m., 
Price Center, Gallery A 

Friday, January 17, 1992, 12 noon-l:00 p.m., 
Price Center, Gallery A 

Wednesday, January 22, 1992, 12 noon-l:00 p.m., 
Price Center, Santa BarbaraILos Angeles Room 

If you wish to apply and have not received an application packet 
in the mail, please contact your Student Financial Services Office. 

.L1u • • ___ ,~ ___ ~ __ 
.c-711.JJJ.' ·'lIIal ., III '!:! 

"UCSD's Best-Kept Tutorial Secret" 
Our Winter Schedule 

OChem 140B (AJbaz.) 
OChem 140B (McMorris) 
OChem 140B (McMorris) 
Physics 18 
Revelle Humanities 1 
Genetics 

Mon 8-1Opmand Wed 8-1Opm 
Tues 6-8prn and Thurs 6-8pm 
Tues and Thur 8:30-10:3Opm 
Wed 6-8prn and Thur 4~pm 
Call for times 
Call for times 

All instruction begins on or after WtdrlUdllY Tan. 8th 
LoClltion: We're in Suites 1131 and 1132A of the La Jolla 
Village Professional Center. Directly behind the Elephant Bar 
and EI Torito restaurants, jUlt across from campusl 
Only 24 spaces available per session. Any UCSD student may 

attend a free first session to evaluate our program, and your 
satisfaction is guaranteed. 

Interested in Math 18 or 2B or Physics 2B or 1A? Please 
call if you would like us to start one of these classes. 

Fen: Course fees are $150 per daA. Qualified financial aid 
students may enroll for $125 per class. Hasta! 
Quati",.,., Call us lOam-Midnight, at • •• 45>1000 

UCSO PI1ce Ctmr(br the I'ait OlIn) 

451·0630 
Spring Br~ak 

-_ ....... .. 
e 7 C' ..... . 

'--.......... c..r ....... A. 

M~ ravorite lrave\ ~ncy 
ALL OUR TRAVEL CONSULTANTS 

ARE MATURE, RELIABLE 
AND EXPERIENCED 

• Fast, Attentive Service 
• Competitive Fares on NOIl.officlal Travel 
• Free T.cled Delivery 

LOCATED .nm OFF CAII'UI 
III.D IL TOIIITO A.-ILIPIIAIIT 1M 

89SO ViDa La Jolla Driw, .121l 
LaJoUa, CA 92037·1705 

Call (619)558.0184 

'I'banday, J......., 9, 1991 

Co .. tlt .d fIom .... 2-
ership consultant for Alpha Chi 
Omega. said the sorority , which was 
founded in 1885. offers Jeadership 
experiences. encouragement and 
friendship opportunities to college-
aged swdcnIs. 

"'Weencourageacademicdevel-
opmcnI duough programs, scholar-
ships ... and fellowships .... Its' a 
good way to become a more weU-
rounded young woInan." Redlin 
added. 

Redlin also noted that the soror-
ity offers acarcernetwodt forgradu-
Bling women and can be helpful for 
mentoring. 

The farst event of Alpha au 
Omega's rush will be an informa-
tional session at 7 p.rn. on Sunday 
night in the Price Center Ballroom. 
The event is open to all women, and 
will inClude presentations by Alpha 
Chi Omega national representatives. 

Women will also be able to sign 
upforinterviewsschcduledforMon-
day, Tuesday, and Wednesday, 
Lawson said. 

According to Lawson, juniors 
and seniors will be encouraged to 
rush AJpha au Omega, as the s0-
rority wishes to have the same 
percentage of members from each 
class as do the more established 
sororities. 

And, seniors are considered to 
bean asset in a colony class because 
they are often moremalUre, Lawson 
added. 

A.S. 
ContInued from pace 1 
would revolutionize the way fi-
nancial aid is distributed. 

The creation of a Pell Grant 
Entitlement would make Con-
gress obligated to fund various 
Pell Grants and make these 
awards available to low income 
students, Leyton said. 

Over the last 15 years the 
amount of federal fmancial aid 
has decreased by 25 percent Stu-
dents nationwide are receiving 
more loans annually than grants 

Juniors and seniors are also wel-
come to lUSh the Phi Gamma Delta 
fraternity, according to Bruvold. 
"We have already talked to and are 
elicited about a fifth-year senior," 
he said. 

However. BNvoldadded that the 
planners do l10lexpect the fraternity 
to be "chanered.'. or considered a 
full-fledged member of IFC or the 
International Fraternity of Phi 
Gamma Delta until late in the spring 
of 1993. 

Rush for the Phi Gamma Delta 
fraternity begins tonight at 7 p.rn. in 
the Price Center Davis,IRiverside 
room with a mixer titled "Get to 
Know the Fiji Night," BNvold said. 
A speech by KNSD spons anchor 
and Phi Gamma Delta member Jim 
LaWvic is included in the evening' s 
events. 

According toJim Whistler, who 
is also working on organizing Phi 
Gamma Delta, students and" gradu· 
ate brothers," men who have helped 
to found new colonies, from UC 
lIvine, SDSU, UC Riverside and 
UC Santa Barbara will be present 
Monday to talk about the fraternity. 
That meeting will be at 1 p.m. in the 
Davis/Riverside room. 

BNvold described Phi Gamma 
Delta, which was established in 
1848, as one of the oldest social 
fraternities in the nation. 

The fraternity's focus at UCSD 
is to present, "an oppommity for 
menhcreat UCSDto takeacolony ... 
and make it their own," Bruvold 
said. 

because they are cheaper for the 
government to give. 

As a result, fewer and fewer 
students are able to attend col-
lege, according to Leyton. 

Despite the problem of find-
ing resources to fund student fi-
nancial aid programs, the US SA 
feels that a student's education is 
an investment in our country. 

"We want to find out how we 
as a National organization of stu-
dents can be a resource to stu-
dents at UCSD," Ley ton said. 

UCSD's membership in the 
See USSA, Page 8 

TilE FI.lIS .\I{E ('()\II'(;! 
T II E FI.I IS. \ I{ E ( '( ) \ II , ( ; ! 

From January 7-16, the Fraternity of Phi Gamma Delta , 
nicknamed "Tlie Fijis," will be interviewing male UCSD 
students for the establishment of a brand new fraternity 
on campus. Men who are committed to their academic 
pursuits, willing to serve the UCSD campus and San 
Diego community, and interested in making the most of 
their college experience are encouraged to take a closer 
look at this tremendous opportunity I 

Vilit our FIJI Information table In the Price Center Piazi 
beginning January 7th 

OR 
Attend one of two. primary rUlh functlonl: 

Thursday,. Jlnuary Itll·7 pm. Price Center (OIVIIIRlverslde) 
Monday, January 13th·7 pm. Price Center (Davia/Riverside) 

OR 
CIII Eric Bruvold aI422-2OO1 for mort Informallonl 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

PLEASE BUY 
THIS AD SPACE. 
WE'RE RUNNING 
OUT OF FILLER 

IDEAS. 

FREE 
DOZEN 

glowers de 9/is 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

3n Diego, CA 92 122 
558-6666 

CARNATIONS 
'0\ Iitl PU{dlJ~ \11' 10 (If Oll,lfl" 
\.0( nhJ ~Ith ;mY \ iChcr ,,n'l'f 
Esp. 112M2 

I) 

-TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR 

ROOM SERVICE. 
Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

II NOIODY · KNOWS · LIII 
· . . DOMINO'S 

How \bu Uk£ Pizza At. Home. 

Hours: 
11 am-l am 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

DOMINO'S PIZZA GUARANTEES 
PRODUCT GUARANTEE SERVICE GUARANTEE CARRY OUT GUARANTEE 
If you're not happy with your 
pizza for ANY REASON, call the 
store manager IMMEDIATELY 
and we'll replace it and refund 
your money. 

If your pizza doesn't arrive Call ahead or stop by and your 
within 30 minutes from the time pizza is guaranteed to be ready 
you order, you will receive $3.00 in 12 minutes or $3.00 OFF. 
OFF your order. 

r-------------,-------------~ I I I 
I I I 
: LATE NIGHT SPECIAL!: MEDIUM : 
I 2 MEDIUM PIZZAS I 
I WITH 2 TOPPINGS : MEAL DEAL I 
: & A SIX-PACK OF COKE® I I $1299 ~~ i $975 r.:' 

Two Medium ORIGINAL pizzas each with 
lWO toppings and a ~pack of Coke for 
ONLY $12.99. Delivery or Carryout. No 
coupon required. JUST ASK! Good after 9:00 
p.m. only. 

CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Medium Two-Topping ORIGINAL pizza 
and Two Cokes for ONLY $9.75. Coupon 
required. Mention when ordering. 
Delivery or Carryout. 

I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 
1IaI __ .., __ • III! I .... _-..,-_. IlNOeOOY 

~-..y- .. -- ~-..y- .. -- . KNOWS 
cttmg. Ow_ cony lou.... I drtmg. Ow - cony lou INn LIB 
S2000. EqnoI12M2. ~~ S20.oo.""-' ~ .. Ot.IO'S 

..... b ..... PI ... At !twnt .1 EJpho II2SiI2. 1\. ... b UIw PI ... At 1\."" ---41 .. _____________ _ ____________ .1--..1 



8 NEWS 

ANIMALS 
ConIInued ......... 1 
and educational activities like conferences and work-
shops. 

Infonnation provided by the new prognm pr0-
motes the 1bree Rs" approach to altemltivcs 10 
animal research - replacemenl, reduction and ~fine­
ment of animal use. This approach is already in use 
throughout the UC system. 

In replacement, ICSe8I"Ch methods are utilized that 
do not requ~ animals or thai can be perfonncd on 
lower species or ceU tissue. 

Reduction is simply the use of fewer animals in 
research. 

Reftnement is the review and adaptaIion of re-
search procedures to reduce stress on animals. 

According to program dilector Lynette Han. assis-
tant adjunct professor at the UC Davis School of 
Veterinary Medicine, this rnethorl has been given the 

USSA 
ContInued from pace 7 
USSA. at $900 per year, will en ure a legislative 
voice on Capitol Hill, and possibly more financial 
aid in the future. 

As a re ult of the recent 40 percent fee in-
creases. and possible future increases, the USSA 
feel its role on campus is a cruciaJ one. 

"Considering the budget problems within the 
state of California, we feel the students at UCSD 
will benefit from any form of financial aid," 
Ley ton said. 

In addition to lobbying for current financial 
aid legi lation, the USSA has won various legi -
lative viclorie in the pasl few years. 

In 1990, the USSA lobbied for and won a 38 
percent increase. an additional $92 miUion, in 
funding for students from disadvantaged back-
grounds. 

The USSA also helped in the signing into law 
of me Student Right-to-Know and Campus Secu-

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

least amount of ancntion, a silUation she hopes to 
change. 

"Refinement has to do with improving the quality 
oflife for animals currmdy used inl'CSCll'Ch. We need 
to know what is important to animals and the people 
who work wilh them," she said. 

"My job is to help make the infonnalion abouI 
altematives more widely available so thai all who 
wish have the chance to IL1e the resoun:es. .. Han said. 

"One of my goals is to make this program a model 
for other universities," she added 

The program is the result of ""Iucsts by the 
C..i!irortilio StateLegis~ and the university's Ani-
mal A1temative SlUdy Task Force to ~vise research 
procedures. An advisory conunittee appointed by UC 
President David Gardner in 1989 ,ecolluneuded the 
creation of an altematives program. 

"'The university has always been out in front in 
looking foraltemali vemethods [of animaileSCai'Ch J," 
Pitts said. 

rity Act. This require that colleges and univer-
ities report campus crime stali lics and that 

campus security policie are in place. 
Other victories include $22 billion for child 

care in 1990, the signing inlO law of the Ameri-
cans With DisabilitiesAct, which protects people 
wilh a disability from discrimination in the pri-
vate and public employment services, and revi-
sions of the Oean Air Act, which will reduce 
acid rain and ozone-reducing chemicals. 

Currently the USSA is working throughout 
the state of California to recruit colleges to join 
and participate in their lobbying efforts. 

The California State Community Colleges 
have decided to join as one collective body. Last 
week UQ.A became a member. 

Leyton said she feels thai it is just a matter of 
getting out to the colleges and universities in the 
West before they join and legislation on Capitol 
Hill recognizes the rights and needs of students 
nationwide. 

TbuncIay, JlDuary 9, 1992 

WED"-,JESDA'r SA S MEETIr-..G I~ GRIEF 

Appro'" fII tile A.S. • I d. _ tile ......... fII Uillftnlly C .... DInI;. 
I8r: Wi!hdrawn.tler cIctIIiC COIICCI1Iini!be c.'OIIIIilUlioaaIil), 01" die resotlllion. 

11It VIII ...... , CIIIIer ..... Art .. : The UCB ",III beJin recruili,. 
IUIdenIs (or ... All EJthibilion durinc week KVell. 

USSA. Vice ......... sa.ee, u,t.. Ws- UCSD 10 .. OrpIbadoe: 
LcylOn spoke 10 die A.s.c:onceraiaIdIe Uniled SlllelSlIIdenI AuoI:iIIion ·s .... n 
~ The USSA prinwity promoIa IcPJalion on CapiIoI Hill (Of sludeni 
fillMCial aid. See relllcd SIOfy. 

0dIer0ld ...... : 
• AppoinImenI or Aaron Coben-GadoI a die A.S. Rcprescnlllive 10 Ihc Under· 

sncJuaIeSc:hotInhipnHononConvniaeco(IhcAcadelllicSeIlllC.l'osIponcdulIlil 
nellt mcetiQa. 

• Appoinunent o( Amy Norris.1hc A.S. RqMesentaIive 10 Ihc University CenIU 
Board. PoIIponed un&iI nellt ~ 

• Appoinlmelll o( Jennifer Aaim as A.S. Elections MaIlIIFf. Postponed untit next 
meetina. 

• Allocation o( S250 to come (rom A.S. Programming Office. Supplies (or 
ubscription to Collqe Music Journal (Of one year. Passed by consensu . 

, Allocation o( SI.OOO (rom General Unallocated 10 New Media Unallocated. 
POStponed unlit nellt meeting. 

• Amendmenllo Financial Bylaw Ankle I. Section G.IO read "Any A.S. Council 
Member shall not be able 10 receive any tipend increaw during theircurrenl ycar o( 
tenure:' Withelruwn. 

• Allocalion 0(S750 from General Unallocated to the Fifth College Dean's Office 
for t992 Manin Luther King Jr. Parade Committee. Passed by consensus. 

Referred to FIIwIce C_IUUtt: 
'AIlocatiooofS740 from General Unallocated to A.S. Adminislralioo Budget (or 

computer software. 
• A1locationo(S tl6 from General Unallocated to A.S. Adminislralion Budget for 

Ihc Sllldent AdvoclIIe Office Tillie. 
• Allocasion ofS3.000 from General Unallocated to University Events Program-

ming Board Fitm Committee to co-sponsor International Style Film Series with 
University Events. 

, AIIocaIion of S300 from General Unallocated 10 City Lobby line item in A.S. 
Exlemll BudgeL 

• Allocalion or St80 (rom 0enmJ Unaltocated 10 Operaaionalline item in A.S. 
Ex terna! BudgeL 

'Allocation of$tOO to Publicity line item in A.S. Extemal BudgcL 

Referred to Rules C __ Ittee: 
• Approval of A.S. Resolution Concerning the Rights of Students and Student 

OrganizMions. 

UCSD CHAMBER MUSIC SERIES PRESENTS 

FREE ADS " ... a great quartet at the peak of its powers ... " 
-The WQshington Post 

Come visit the Guardian cart 
in the Price Center Plaza 

TUESDAY, JAN. 14 
I~ collaboration of rare closeness. " 
-The New York Times 

JANUARY 12 
SUNDAY. 8PM 

MANDEVILLE AUD. 
G.A. $18 • UCSD St. $10 

UCSD BOX OFFICE • 534-6467 

12·1 PM 

~p,-. 
-. .:--~.=~ 
••• ~~.~:.! ••• 

BEING-FIT®AEROBICS 

" 

Commies in Command 
When a department's most innovative course 

was no longer mandatory, 
the students presented their own mandate 

BY MICHEllE VOlL . CONTRIBUTING WR ITER 

The powerful voice of lhe professor fills the lecture hall. Almost every seat is taken and the tables for nOle taking have been unfolded. The room is 
unusually quiet - no shuffling feet, no squeaking chairs. 
no audible page tums, no secretive whispers. A lape 
recorder of great ire is on the podium. playing back a 
lecture, while mailer ones substituting for students record 
it. 

This parody of the classroom - from Ihe film "Red 
Genius" - is a distopian vision that the Communication 
Student Union (CSLJ) never wants to see come true. Last 
winter quarter, the Communication Depanment eliminated 
Introduction to Media Use (Com/Gen 1(0). an innovative 
course that employed an alternative approach to education. 
In response, Revelle College Senior and Cornrn major 
Molly McKay and some other students decided to fOlTTlthe 
CSU. 

"We thought we hould meet as a forum for undergradu-
ates. to take what they learned in class and to discus it 
funher or to act upon it," says McKay. 

Com/Gen 100 was a course 
without exams or 

essays. It required a 
di fferenl kind of m volv,"'. 

rnent by the students. Not 
only did they learn how to use 

electronic mail and video 
equipment. but they also put their 

ideas into creative projects. 
1lJe course spoke against a 

passive, docile and uncritical society, 
in which students have been 
taught to watch and not 
participate actively in 
their education. 

During lectures, 
students were 

provided 
with 

microphones in order to respond better to Ihl: lecturers and 
graduale students who conducted the class. 

"It 's a class that explores the large classroom." com-
ments McKay, "and tests its limits and the possibilities of 
what can be done, as far as an interactive participatory role 
of student :' 

CSU wants 10 conlinue this learning experience. The 
group has already existed for a time, betweell 1978 and 
1981 . This year. esu meets in the graduate student lounge 
(MCC 133) every Friday from 12-2 p.m. SIudents from all 
departments are encouraged to attend. 

"People with different perspectives are welcomed;' 
McKay comments, "because the other part of learning is 
through constructive arguing - that' s debuting. Debate 
sharpens your perception about what you think and makes 
you define things more concretely." 

The Cornrnunical ion Department is known for its inclusion 
of all members - undergraduates. graduate students and 
staff, as well as faculty. Everyone is welcome to attend the 

faculty meetings on Wednesdays from 12-2 p.m in MCC 
201. There. faculty dis-

cuss depanmental 
busine andhave 
guest speakers. 

Senior Alissa 
Gabriel hopes that CSU 
can make a difference. "It 
seems that the department is 
not for us. We need a greater 
voice to reshape it. As anorganiza-
tion we need to become more vis-

ible.lhopewecangetsorne 
representatives on 

boards andcommit-" 
tees that decide 

what classes 
are going 
10 be 
like." 

ueSD FUMING SPECIAL 
l '9t us frame your choice of any poster 
in a black aluminum frame mounted on 
foamboard with glass for only 

$35" 
Hollo ...... 24'.36·. Price doos not 

include potier. 0fI0r "","res 1/31/92. 

SfUI'''' 'NeW - 5 PO,na '01 THE ,.,el 0' 4 

U."'IIIIIT roWl. CIIII'II (Across from The Broadway) 452·7755 



« • 

10 SPOllTS 

M. HOOP 
ContInued from .... 18 
UCSD' 25 first halfpoinlS. 

Despite their success III taking 
the game to Trinity, the Tritons' 
gmJe was off in the first half. The 
mistakes and turnovers left UCSD 
Head Coach Tom Marshall less than 
impressed. "We played sloppily ,just 
went through the motions. I didn't 
think we played with much inlen-
sity d¥I& half." 

Whalever he said to his ItOOpS III 
halftime worked. The Tritons came 
out and rattled off 15 points to 
Trinity's 3. 

The Tritons, having staned off 
with the big run, stayed fired up. 
They kepi that intensity until the 
final seconds of the half. 

In the second half, the Tigers 
abandoned the idea of even looking 
in ide. Instead they attempled to 
outrun the Tritons, trying a pass-
happy offense, and looking for any 
kind of dribble penetration. 

The problem with Trinity coach 
Charlie Brock' trategy was that 
the Tritons were the quicker team. 

The Tigers kept looking for the 
open man or lhe drive inside and 
couldn't get il. 

the baIJ back out. 
MarshaIJ credits the interiorteam 

of Ban, Moore and Swindall with 
forcing Trinily to abandon hope of 
going to their big men inside. "We 
were denying the inside pass well 
and gelling down the baseline forc-
in, them into turnover situations. ,. 

The defense was a total tearn 
effort, as Marshall was quick to 
pointouL 

"Our guards are coming down 
really well. DarvinandJohnSpence. 
John's 6-6 playing 6-10 and 
Datvin's as quick as can be, so the 
two of them make a pretty good 
combination OUI there," MmhaU 
said. 

By the game's end every Triton 
player had been in the game for at 
least ix minutes. 

<luis Moore led the tearn with 
ten points. Swindall and Kareem 
Matthew each chipped in nine. 
Matthew • points all came in the 
second half. 

Marshall credited the team effo" 
as the main reason for the romp. 

'The UCSD Guardian Tbunclay. January 9, 1992 

Even whenlheydid have chances 
10 take the ball in, they seemed to 
freeze up, stop the dribble and pass 

"I was really pleased with our 
bench tonight. Joey Drake, Gib 
Arnold, Brad Halle and Kareem 
Matthew . 1llose guys came off 
and gave us sometime thai we really 
needed. It was great 10 see Ihem 
come in and fit in the puzzle and 
make it work:' Andy Swindall drives through two Trinity defenders en route to two of his nine points in Monday's win. 

1992/1993 UCSD financial aid 
application packets are now available 
from th~ student financial services office 
If you wish to apply and have not received an application packet in the 

mail, plea e contact your Student Financial Services Office. There will 

be several workshops in February to assist you in completing the 

application. Watch The Guardian for pecific dates, The deadline to 

apply for Cal Grants and UCSD priority funding is March 2, 1992. 

Announcing new hours for the 
Price Center Gameroom! 

We have expanded our 
operating hours due to the 
demand of our customers. 

The Price Center Gameroom 
will be open Monday through Friday 

9:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., 
Saturday 12:00 noon to 11:00 p.m. 

and Sunday 12:00 noon to 8:00 p.m. 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

.an$$$ 
You may have antihodies 
needed for research and 

diagnoslic • plus earn up 
to $100 per week. 

Please call FREE ADS 
New hours begin January 6th, 1992 

PRICE 
<FNIHt I 

MD LAlOUTOilI. 
226-1733 Come visit the Guardian cart in the Price Center Plaza 

TUESDAY, JAN. 14 

o 
GAME 
ROOM 

you' ........ _. 
GREENbec .. .. 
•• 'reREAD 

....... oWverIl .... II4oI ... 

12·1 PM 

Tbunday, JADUU')' 9,1992 

w. HOOP 
CentInued fIom .... 18 
side," she said. 

Alvarez has been sidelined re-
cendy, missing seven games wilh 
an ankJe injury. 

This forced Vaillancourt 10 SlCp 
in III the point guard role. 

With A1varezt.:k, V.m.noowt 
will move t.:k to her two guard 
spot. 

Although hIppr IhaI her starter 
is back. Malane knows IhaI having 
A1vlll'eZ t.:k does not mean her 
re.n is immediaaely in for a big 
winning strait. 

"It'll like some timeforKathlcen 
to work back into the offense be-

cause she wasll't able to practice for 
so long," she said. 

Also returning from injury is the 
Tritons 'leading scorer, Cari Young. 
Young missed five games due 10 
knee surgery ttwe weeks ago. The 
gam: againsa Point Lorna last Salur-
day was the tirslactiort she' seen in 
three weeks. 

1be injuries to Alvarez and 
Young were something of a bless-
ing in disguise. 

Having her two stars out allowed 
some of Malone's players off the 
bench a shot al a loe more experi-
ence. 

"Now we know we've got some 
solid backup to the raners. That'll 
let us get some more people into lhe 

The UCSD Guardian 

game," Malone said. 
Nearing the midway point of the 

season, Malone is happy with her 
team's perfonnance SO far Ihis year. 
"With the injuries and we' ve had a 
really tough schedule so far, 6-4 isa 
good record for us. Now we've gOl 
some easier games corning up and 
we should be able to keep improv-
ing." 

After today· s contest the Tritons 
look to take on The Master's Col-
lege on January 14 before compet· 
ing in the Smith College Tourna-
ment in Massachusetts on January 
1830019. 

The Tritons remain tough to beat 
at home. 1bc:y are 4-2 at horne and 
are I - I on the road. Kathleen Alvarez fights her way to the hoop. 

THE GUARDIAN 

It's not just a job, 

It's an adventure 
Call 534-6582 for information on the toughest job you'll ever love. 

I 
m 

C 
1J 

10 STUDENTS PER CLASS 
100 HOURS OF LIVE INSTRUCTION 

SO HOURS OF LIVE TUTORIAL 
NATIONAL 800 TELEPHONE HELPLINE 

3 COMPUTER-SCORED DIAGNOSTIC TESTS 
SCIENCE FLASH CARDS 

MATERIALS WRITTEN BY PH.D.S Be M.D.S 

COSTA VERDE SHOPPING CENTER 
SAN DIEGO • (619) 587-8600 

WE'LL MAKE SURE 
You MAKE IT . 

SPORTS 11 

~ . 



12 CLASSIFIlIDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ASIO INTERNSHIPSI 0pp0rtunItiN 
for .. majcnl MIlke COfUda, cIMIy 
career goal., gain valuable 
,xperlence, .nhanc. re.umel 
AFt. 'anDUDLlB;1131-sD 
(apring), NIIIcNI (aummer): 2/1-
CA(.......,. PrlceCenllr, 3rd Floor. 
Cal 534-4888. (118-1118) 
MAKE $20 on ~r next .. to San 
Frana.co. Bring me my wooden 
folding cNlr. Couldn1bring on plane. 
Pick up nur USF and bring to La 
Jolla. Anna 452-3142. (119-1/13) 
FIFTH COlLEGE COMMUTERS. 
~tioI. for ClOfI'mJter Student 
L e R.p' ...... tatlv. available at 
D •• n's Office (MAAC 412) . 
Applications due January 14. Also 
available: Transportation and parking 
and bicyclecirculalion repr8S8fUlvie. 
(119-1 /13) 

These 
people must like you! 
Please find their ads 
for proof that UCSD 
gets the very best 
bargains. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 

UCSDEATS 
BJ'S Pizza ................... .455.()662 
La Jolla Brewing Co ... ..456·BREW 
Papachino's ................. 546·7666 
Yakimono .... ................. 452-4255 
Salsa Rio ...................... 453-40SO 
Gia's Pizza ................... 792-7521 
Heidi's ................... ....... 450·3044 
La Salsa ... ................... .455·7229 
Domlno's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Choices .............. , ......... 554-FOOD 
Kickin' Chicken ............. 558-4747 
Beans ........................... 453·9252 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Aul0 ............. 695·1 990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's .................. ......... 450·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
John's Foreign ............. 695-0700 
Sparl<s , ......................... 453-4405 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Anitudes .. .......... 457·3384 
Ralph's Hair, PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546·7666 
La Jolla Barber ............. 459·5792 
Rocco's, UTC ............. ..455·0420 
Essence Salon ............. 453·94n 
We Care Hair ............... 587·CUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan ..... ............. .455·0909 

t " Pinw~s ........ .. ........... 558.'858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UCSD FITNESS 
Being Fil ...... ...... ........... 483·9294 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............ ..455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Classical Eye ............... 452·7374 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
Bonzai Bungee ............. 988·7272 

, . 

Paper Trends ............... 450·9291 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270·3680 
Video Gallery ............... 452-1766 
Azita Electrolysis .......... 454-6980 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. T~ rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4/or OIhers. Payment 
in advance is required; t~refore, ads must be maiJ~d with a check (made payable 
to TIle UCSD Guardian) or pr~senttd in person. Deadlines are 3 pm. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
righlto refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 03J6,LAJolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA, topfloor. 

Tbunday, January 9, 1992 

play varioualtytae: Rueh. Fk¥1 Zep. 
MuSt be wiling 10 play originals: 
Mrioua commIIment • muat catl 
Dave.45N971 after 8. (11/18-1113) 
INTERNSHIP AVAILABLE -
FinancIaIIrId In\eaImIIlt Planning. 
Excellenl -..n:h. ~ and 
COfI1UIrexperiela. VduUIy. 458-
0156, (118-1/13) 

Cering~ .. rlNdednow&o 
vaIunIMr II ilia chIchn'. waiting 
room IocaIIdlllllatamlycour1houae 
indowr*Mn San Diego. llllkelJonIy 
3 112 hours • WMk to help c:hIIchn 
ttvough a *-fuI time ... from 
being left ~Ided In the MIwaya: 
w. would lilceyouto joInClll'ItIdf and 
become a epea.I voIunII« helping 
chiIchn. For more Information' cali 
884-3211 , (118-1113) 

THE GREENS HAVE OfFICIALLY 
QUALIFIED for calif. ballot status, 
(119-1/13) 

Speed typist wlMaclnlolh computer 
and laser printer wi. lake care of all 
your writing proj.cts. Accurate, 
reliable and affordable, Located just 
off Gilman. Cal Linda 455-8580, (1 / 
6-1/9) 

UCSD Campus Tour Guidi positions 
Joyous Counseling: ReIc:h,rebir1hIng, available. Contact the part-time 
regressions, N.L.P., T.A., Gestalt; ltUdenIerT1JIoymentofficetoday. (1/ 
Transmute undesired patterns into _9-_1/_1...:6) _______ _ 

SERVICES 
PASSPORT PICTURES I New at cal 
Copy. Only SS.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near 51. 
Germain's. 452-9949. (9123-61") 

GUITAR LESSONS, for people 
serious aboulleaming, or advancing 
present skills. $2OIhour. 270-9784. 
(11121 -1130) 
Word Processing: I wiUtype better lor 
less. All papers. Compulergenerated 
charts. graphs and lables. 
Laserprinted. Call 631 -4430 and 
leave message. (116-111 3) 
RESUMES·REPORTS·PAPERS. 

TYPING - Students and teachers. 
Theses, term papers andOlhers, Exp. 
Word processor. call 457-5461 . (1 / 
6-1/9) 
"CoIIegeScholatshipe. "Scholarships 
and grants guaranteed. Application 
lee required. Contact: American 
SchoIarIhipi. Box 967, Station "0", 
Toronto, Ontario. Canada, M<tT 2P1 . 
(1/6-119) 
Olga Bari - Electrologist; 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday 
Court. Student discounts. 558-46441 
226-1962. (116-3/12) 

lasting bIiaI. 569-4316. (1/6-1/9) 
Outgoing, enthusiastic, pre-law, pre. 

Degreed & experienced physical mad, buainesa majors with sales! 
therapylhuman development, Will public relations orientations. Hour1y 
care for geriatric or children. + bonus. 587-8600. (119-1116) 
References. 456-4075. (119) 

PhD in Physical Sciences. Teaching 
WORD PROCESSING, THESES, e~rience~aood?O"'lTlUnication 
DISSERTATIONS $3Ipage. editing ski .. essential. Part·tlme. 587-8600. 
included. Laserjet printer. Perfect (119-1113) 
papers. 296-4104. (119) ----------

ECE 148Atutor needed I Contact Rick 
TUTORING - math , physics, at 792-9178, (119-1116) 
computerprogramming, engineering. 
Help with homework. Prepare for 
tests. Mat1t, 221 -717'. (119-2110) 

WANTED 
LOST AND FOUND 

I'M A LOSER III I left my tortoise shell 
colored Wayfarer sunglasses in the 
john at the Old Student Center. They 

Band looking for rock drummer to are prescription lenses ... If you find 

ARE YOU RIGHT FOR 
or better yet, can you write/or us? 

Well sure, if you'd get off your butt and get in 
here so we can assign you a story. For more 
infonnation, stop by the Guardian offices on 
the second floor of the Old Student Canter, or 
call 534 6580 and ask for the editor of the 
section you would like to write for. 

The UCSD Guardian. 
It's a whole new hal/game. 

FI lIIe IIfllltlll PIIISI til _ • 551 .. 

Thursday, January 9, 1991 The UCSD Guardian 

'em. pleaMdon1_ 'em. Call Eric aconitic beautiful, $145. 452-2085. (619) 270-0603 or collect (714) 599· 
II 739-1994 and 111 give you 5 bones (119-1127) 4846. (1/6-119) 
(dollars), (119-1/13) ----------

FOR SALE 
Gel to class fastl Easy parkingl1986 
Honda Elite SO $600 o.b.o. Days: 
552-3088 Bob. (1/9-1 /16) 

RAYBANS-Wayfarerll, brand new, EXERCYCLE LIKE NEW. 1983 
tortOise-sheil, $45. Cindy, 587-7943. Honda Civic 1300. Runs excellent. 
(119-1 /13) Fumiture. AU best offer. "56-4075. (1/ 
IBM·XT cornpati)le computer. EGA 
monitor, 20 MB hard disk, modem, 
printer,joystD, plus tons of lIOftware. 
Almost new, and free I ... ons 
included. $1300 obo. 552-9125, 
Charles. (1215-119) -

9) 
VIDEO CAMERA. Sony 8mm. 
Superimpose. 8x1 zoom, fly erase 
head, $350.00. Call Kevin. 558-7215, 
(119-1/13) 

UNVERSITY em $285. Female 
needed for own room in nice 3 
bedroom house. Patio, piano, cable 
TV, washer/dryer. 12 minutes to 
UCSD. No smokers, no pets, no 
drugs. Call Mark or Alison 534·2391 
or 534-3383 (message) . (1/6-119) 
Big room in South Solana Beach. 
Nice place. Pool , jacuzzi, $315. Max, 
792-4592. (116-1113) 
Female roommate wanted -
furnished Solana Beach condo. WI 

Guitars: 12-sIring acoustic. perfect 
condo $155. Elec. Tet.cast.r. 2 
humbuck, trernelo. $185, 452-2085. 
(11125-119) 

CHEAPCOMPUTERS.Atari40018OO D, pool, jacuzzi, tennis, $300 + 1/4 
XL. printer, tape drive, games, $30 utilities. 792-7126. (1 /6-1/13) 
o.b.o. Atari and Colecouision $20. 
Kevin 558-7215. (119·1/1 3) Room in house located at Windansea, 

La Jolla. Own room $312.50. Nice 
Sweet Scooter: 1986 Honda Elite BO. placel 459-2989. (119) 

Futon & 4-p0&iti0nframe. Never usecli Clean, low miles, runs great I $600 
$1 00; coffee & end tables. S25&S30. o.b.o. 272-8643 evenings. (119-1 /16) 
587-0D95, (116-1130) 

METALLICA TICKETS. Fif1h row. 
'87HondaEliteSOScooterBlu.$800 January 14. 454·1070. (1/9) 
obo. xlnt. 459-6315. (116-1113) 
Printer for sale. Apple lmagewriter II 
- good as new. $225 or best offer. 
Call Andrew, 452-8049. (1/6-1/16) 
Computers : 286 clones, 
monochrome, hard drive, fIoppydrive, 
serial card, software. Best offer. Tom 
549-4434. (116-119) 
MuSI sell 1980 VW Rabbit. Fuel 

HOUSING 
FACULTY OR EXECUTIVE 
APARTMENT. Views of Soledad 
Creek and Torrey Pines Beach. Enjoy 
the wetlands from your private 
balcony. Huge 2 or 3 bedrooms. Just 
like brand newl Call Barbara 599-
0148, (116-1130) 

injection. Great condition. $1500 For rent. 1 bedroomfumishedduplex. 
o.b.o. Call .. 54-4966 morningsl $525.00, Pacific Beach. 1 112 blks 
afternoons. (119-3112) from bay. Yard, quiet neighborhood. 
Guitars: Acoustic steel string, perfect 
condition , new, $75. 12'string 

i Roughly 12,000 
.-

people are 

1 reading this little note from us 
:::I telling you 
CI what to do. If you had an 
, 

adhere 
instead. -that 
would be 

I: 12,000 
.-

reading what 
you told 
them to do. 

Room available in 4 bedroom house. 
Cardiff. $280/month plus 1/4 utilities. 
For more info call 634-0294. (1 19·11 
16) 
Room for rent - master bedroom in 
Solana Beach. Own bath. Close to 
beach and racetrack. $400 
(negotiable) for 1 person or $250 for 
2 people to share. Relaxed 
atmosphere. Call Liz or Paula at 793· 
2590. (119·1/16) 
La Jolla - International Gardents 
apts. Male to share master bedroom 
in 2 br apt. Clean, stud ious, 
responsible, non·smoker wanted. 
$286/mo + 1/3 utilities. 1st month 
free. Harry 558-0579. (119-1/13) 

La Jolla Windansea Beach. Share 
room, oceanview, yard, NS, on 
busline, quiet. $300/month. 456-
4075. (119) 
Roommate wanted. Male or female 
non· smoker. Townhouse in Solana 
Beach. Nice, spacious, fullylurnished, 
queen·sized bed, pool, spa. Quiet 
area. Call 755-4071 , Carlos or Kevin. 
(1/9-1/13) 
NEED TO FILL - Going abroad. 
Single room in big 5 bedroom house. 
Full kitchen, storage, yard, pets OK. 
$350 (negotiable) + 1/5 utilities. 
Michael 554-1180. (1 /9) 
Female wanted to share bedroom in 
La Jolla Point Apartments. Minutes 
10 UCSD and UTe. $267.50/month + 
1/3 utilities + $167.50 deposit. Call 
453-2925. Available ASAPI (119·11 
13) 
Roommate wanted. Share large, 
funky house in Kensington with two 
males. Own room, garage, shed 
$320/month + util ities. 284-3376 
ASAP. (1/9) 
Roomate wanted : La Jolla, female, 
professional/student. Share 2 
bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment: 
$3851month + 112 utilities. 459-8429. 
(1/9-1113) 

PERSONALS 
Are you struggling with Shenk? Is 
CAS IS closed? Call the Math Doctor: 
453-7725. (11 /14-1/13) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Phi Kappa Theta Winter Rush '92 
begins this Fridayl For more info e<> !! 
546-9243. (116-1 19) 
Muir House Advisor apps: available 
w/referraJ #4325. Mandatory meeting: 
1/15 or 1/23. Info: call 534-4200. (11 
9-1/16) 
Muir House Advisor apps available 
through 1/23 . Referral '4325. 
Mandatory meeting: 1115 or 1123. 
Call 534-4200. (119-1/16) 

Lisa, 
Asian girl with brother in San 
Carlos, We mel briefly in 
outside arrival area at SF 
airport over Thanksgiv ing, 
Circumstances made it hard to 
follow through althe time; 
please allow me 10 do so now. 
My number is 310-396-8878. 

- John 

I Just some 
I 

Is coming to the 
University of Californ-ia, 
San Diego 

Our National Officers, 
foodfor 
thought ... 

t F ..... Information, call 534-34&6 Alpha Chi Omega will be 
colonizing the week of January 12. 

Plan to attend our Informational 
Meeting on Sunday, January 12, 
at 7 p.m. in Ballroom A, 
Price Center. 

For more information, 
contact Panhellenic at either 

534-6657 or 534-4090. 

CoUegiate Leadership 

Consultants, and 

members of nearby 

Alpha Chi Omega 

chapters look fonvard 

to meeting you! 



14 SPOllTS 

Price Center Gameroom presents: 

Ping Pong 
Tournament 

Date: January 11,1992 
Time: 12 noon 

Place: Price Center 
Gameroom 

Entry Fee: $1.00 
Sign-up at the Gameroom 

ellnlS II COMMERCIAL BANKING 

SANWA 
BANK 
CALIFORNIA 
California's sixth largest bank invites all 
interested juniors and seniors to attend 
a Pre-Interview Information Meeting. 
Price Center 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 
January 15, 1992 
3:00.5:00 pm 
Learn about the banking industry and 
career opportunities in Corporate, Real 
Estate, and Trade Finance. 
On-Campus Interviews scheduled for 
February 4, 1992. 

Study Abroad in 
Scandinavia 

Year Program : Denmark. Norway. weden 
ummer Language Program: Denmark 

NOW is the time to 
START a 
PLANNING .~ 
your DD 
studies 
abroad! 

Deadline 
January 24th 

For Information contact: 

Abroad Office,lnternatlonal Center, leI. 534-1123 

University of California Education Abroad Progt'8In 

The UCSD Guardian Thunday, J-UII')' 9,1992 

COMMEI\ TARY 

UCSD Football: Keep Dreamin' 
By Gregg Wrenn timeless tradition. Why isn't UCSD 
Associate Sports Editor part of thal uadilion? 

UCSD has a lot of things going At one time, we did have a foot· 
for it; a beautiful beach within walk- ball team. Yes, every weekend the 
ing distance, year round- well al- mighty Fightin' Tritons would step 
most-sunshine, wann weather out on the field and let itall hangout. 
most of the time, and a well re- This was 1968, the first, and last, 
spcctedacademicreputationtoboot. year the Tritons would ever field a 
Yet there is something missing, team. 
something that will always separate Despite the fact that it was a 
UCSD from joining that oh-so-elu- rookie program, the UCSD football 
sive company of tndy great aca- team attracted huge interest. 
demic in titutions. The sad thing is Coaches from all around the coun-
thatthissituationi easily remedied. try were interviewed for the job, 

The problem, of course, is the including an eventual coach for the 
lackofa football team. 11lat a school New England Patriots. Eventually, 
of 16,(X)() students would not have a UCSD hired the defensive coordi-
football team is reprehensible. It's nator of the San Diego Chargers, 
more than that, it 's incomprehen- Walt Hacke". 
sible. That first season the Tritons 

Northwe,<,t Louisiana Bible Col- couldn't beat a ingle team. In-
lege has a football team. Gu tavus cluded in those 10 se was a thrash-
Adolphu . has a footballteam. Their ing at the hands of Cal Tech, a team 
nickname.bytheway,i the Golden thilt hadn'( won in five years. 
Gu ties. I swear, I'm not making 'Then. in as sorry an example of 
that up. Grand Valley tate has a school spirit as you'll ever see. 
football team. Even San Diego State Hacken abandoned the team and the 
has a footballteam. How can wecaU players quit as soon as the season 
ourselves a university? 

'The notion of a Saturday after-
noon spent in the stands watching 
twenty two young men crashing 
into each other at full peed is a 

was over. 
Money was an issue, of course, 

as the students at UCSD voted 4 to 
I against allowing scholarships for 
athletes. 

BUlthe time has come again for 
a Triton fOOIbaII learn. DcspilC the 
fact thal the members of this cam· 
pus, when it comes to spotts, this 
campus wouJdratherbealthe beach, 
a program could swvive. 

"How could we afford it?" you 
ask. Details, details, details. There 
is actually a very clear cut, easy 
solution forall of the financial worry-
wans out there. 

The first season we could call up 
Miami. Nebraska and Oklahoma. 
They would immediately schedule 
us and pay us $250.000 each to 
come up and get smeared for home-
coming. After that we would have 
enough money to recruit properly, 
i.e making sure that our recruits had 
enough money. 

The time is now UCSD. 
With your suppon Triton Foot-

ball '92 will become a reality. Just 
send all your ideas. comments, let-
tersand monetary contributions here 
10 Triton Football Central. 

After we build the new 
scoreboard (with dot racing at half-
time) and lUXUry boxes, the Triton 
gridiron gladiators will take the field 
and get down to the business at 
hand: Finding out what the hell a 
Gustie is. 

Be a Guardian writer, 

just do it. 
Call 5346582 and learn how you too can join this exciting dedicated group of young professionals. 

ADVERTISE IN THE GUARDIAN 
CALL 534-3466 FOR MORE INFORMATION 

QO~[Q)[3w 
C5@~f)TIIDQOCSTI ~O.1Ett 

Central Library is Moving .•. 

The Central University library will be moving into its new addition during the 
early weeks of the Winter Quarter. 

Regrettably, we expect some materials and some services to be 
. ~navaila~le for short periods of time, but we will try to minimize any 
inconveniences that occur. 

Daily updates on the progress of the move will be available from the library 
staff by calling 534-3336. 

We encourage you to contact library staff with your questions. 

Thursday, January 9, 1992 

SEASON RECORDS/ NOTES 

.... MEN'S BASKETBAU. 
,.. 74jbeat Trir;ity University 78-53 Monday night 
.... WOMEN'S BASKETBAU. 
,.. S4/1OSt 6644to Point lorna Nazarene Saturday 

UPCOMING EVENTS 

IN I EiCC('lI .\TE SPORTS 

o.te hit TIme 

Jan. 9 w. Basketball at Christ CoIIeI!e 5:30 p.m. 
Jan.l0 M.Basketball v. Dominican CoIIei!e 7:00 p.m. 
Jan. 14 M. Basketball v. ~t Sourld 7:00 p.m. 

W. Basketball at The Masters 5:30 p.m. 
Jan. 17 M. Basketball at Bethanv 7:30 p.m. 
Jan. 18 W. Basketball at Smith College TBA 

M. Basketball at UC Santa Cruz 7:30 p.m. 
Jan. 19 W. Basketball at Smith CoIIeI!e TBA 
Jan. 21 W. Basketball at Clark UniversitY 7:00 p.m. 
Jan. 24 M. Basketball v. Menlo 7:00 p.m. 
Jan. 25 M. Swimmil"llt at Claremont TBA 
Jan. 28 M. Basketball at Occidental 7:00 p.m. 
Jan. 31 M. Basketball v. Whittier 7:00 p.m. 

W. Basketball at Point Loma 5:30 p.m. 

IN THE BLEACHERS 
by Steve Moore 
~ , ... 

A amnorI, but effective, Ir'Ick in olympic swimming 
CDTlpetitlon. 

GUARDIAN 

The UCSD Guardian 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 

Rules and Regulalions: 
-S END m E ENTIlY ON AN 8 In'' 8Y II " SIIELT 0 1' 

PAPER ALONG Willi YOl R 1'1 ME. YEAR I SCIIOOI ... 
HOMETOWN. cou.EGE YOU AlTENO T UCSD. MAJ()I(. 
AND PIIONE N MOER TO: SPORTS EDITOR, UCSD 
GUARDIAN.9500GIU1A DRIVE0316. LA lou..A. CA 
92093·0316. You CIo: ALSO OROI' IT on IN ·nlE 
SPORTS EDITOR's BOX AT TIlE G UARDI OI-T-ICE. LU-
CA'reD I TIlE STUDE."f CEf<ffiR. ACROSS FROM 111 E 
GYM . 

-Au. UCSD SnJDENTS. STAFF. AND rACULIT ARE 
EUGI8LE TO ENTER. EXCEPT FOR G ROlAN STAFF MEM· 
BERS AND EMPLOYEES Of Bf CIliCAGO PIO JORIA . 

·TIIE PERSON 11'110 COMES UP wml TIlE MOST COlI· 
RECT AN WERS. AS [)I,IERMINEO 8Y TIIEJUDGF.5. WII.J.. DE 
OEClJoRED TIlE GRAND PRIZE WI NNER A~O WILL DE 
R£COGNTlEO WIIEN TIm OUIZ IS PRINTEDTIIE I'OU.OWII>G 
WEEK . I TIIEE Ef\tTOF .. TIE.ADRAWII>GWILl.BEIiELD 
TO DcrERMINC '11£ WINNe R. TIIOSE ORRECf ENTRIES 

'OT SEL£= AS TIl E GRA~D PRIZ£ WI~N[R \\· II J.. DE 
CONSIDERED RU NCRS·UP. 

·ONLY ONE EN11I.Y PER PERSON PERQ\!IZ. No MASS -
PRODUCED ENTRIES WILL BE crEPT!!D. E"TIU£'~ ~ I UST 
BE AT TIlE G UARDIA OY ' W W!\ I;50AY. 

· TIIE GRAND I'RIZ£ WI'INCR WII.J.. REe[lVE 1\ I REI! 
DIN r:R FOR TWO AT Bfs CIIICAGO PIU.£RIA. Ru . 
·ERS·UP WILl. RECEIVE A ~lIEE PITO IER Of' MICIl ELOO 

DRAFT" DEER. OR 50011. AT Bfs. LOCATED IN LA JOLl.t\ 
VILLAGE SQuARE. A UST OF Au.. WI "NERS Wlu.. DE 
POSn:D AT Brs EAOI WEEI( AND WIN ERS EED 11) 
SII W IDEN11ncATIO '10 Cl.AIM PRIZES. 

This week's questions: 
1. Which team has the first pick in the 1992 
NFL Dmft? 
2. Which team has the number two pick? 
3. Who is the head coach of the Golden 
State Warriors? 
4. Who holds the NBA record for points in 
a single game? 
5. What are the team colors of the NHL' s 
San Jose Sharks? 
6. Who is the owner of the Los Angeles 
Rams? 
7. Who won the 1992 Rose Bowl? 
8. Which NFL team has two professional 
baseball players on its roster? 
9. Where will the 1992 Winter Olympic 
Games be held? 
10. AsofJanuary9,1992whatistherecord 
of the UCSD men 's basketball team? 

GUARDIAN 

READIT,RECYCLEIT 

GUARDIAN GUARDIAN 

SPORTS 15 

r----1r:~n,UCSD ---
FLOWER BASKET 

I. F~~~~rn.~4~~~3Y* 
• $20 minimum pu rchase · wuhln 5 mile radius of r81npUI 

f:,p If'll''9'o! 
NOl \'nhd ",lh 
Iln)' other otTer. 

455-5545 

SYSrEME 

as alway, 10% 0" when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. lin lhe Ralph's nlel' ) 
Prompt dl'It'ery. 7 day~ a week. Open d.lil." 8 a m·8 pill 

@mO[kCUTS 
ByTAWNYAoF 

ESSENCE SALON 
on~ $11~, 

includes: shompoo & precisicn haircut 
blow dry and slyling $4 extra 

------

.aBIOLAGE. HiLites & Perms $45 (including hairculJ By wtIIIIrtx· 
3251 HOUDAY COURT, sum 201 LA JOUA 453 9477 
Above St. Germain 's Liquor & Deli • 

MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1992-93 
Applications available at the Muir Residential Life Office 
through Thursday, January 23 with job referral #4325 
from Student Employment. 

Mandatory Candidates Meeling on Wednesday, January 
15 or Thursday, January 23 at 7 p.m. 

Application deadline: 4 p.m., Friday, January 24. 

Call 534-4200 for additional information . 

The "Sun" is always shining at 
3251 Hohday C I. 
#204 Trim & Tan ca II 455. (near UCSD) 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

-First time clients onlV with this coupon 

~~ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call for details · 2nd 30 Ian days $39.99 

------

Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
NOI a uemporary waler loss' Reduce cellulite and stretch marks 

r-------------I Nsil Specisls 
I 
I ACRYLIC $18 99 
I NAILS • 
I (Reg_$35) 
I Tip Overla, $24.95 
I (Reg. $45) 
I _;.;.-:,." Fills $12 Reg. $15· New clients onty I 

,_ ~ FIbergI ....... with ",. $2U. Reg. $45 
I ~-'flll'" ..... ~=:-=:~S.H I 
I .... 1IIInIc .... sa • Fee .... $2S Reg. $35 I 
: NAILS BY JENNIFER IIIN AND WOMEN : 
I 8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
I (Next to Burger King) 5fiO.0325 • 5~5081 I 
L I"ot vIIId with any 04IMr oIIttw. E..,.,.. 112W! --------------------~ 



16 SPOIlTS 

'92: A Glmpse at 
the Year in Sports 
As WE U itER IN 1992. IT seems only appropriate to take a look at the upcom-
ing year in spon and to ponder 
what could be in the months to 
follow: 

.llIe Vancouver Canucks win 
the NHL's Stanley Cup. In a burst 
of drunken excitement the team 
owner accidently lets slip what a 
Canuck really is. Tums out it's an 
Eskimo word for whale pulUm. 

• New expansion teams will 
grace professional spons. In major 
league baseball look for the 
Colorado Rockie and the Rorida 
Marlins. It's been rumored thai 
the World League of American 
Football will be expanding too -
the POari Aambe? 

• Football finally retums to 
UCSD, bUI the program is again 
di banded after only one game 
when UCSD loses 10 the Fashion 
Institute of Design and Merchand-
ing. 

• The SPCA goes after Charle 
Barkley for assaulting a bull in 
Pamplona while in Spain with the 
U.S. Olympic Team. 

DAN H ENNING is hired as a Head Coach for the La Jolla 
Pee-Wee Football League but is 
fired a few weeks later. urces 
quote the leaguc' S ow ncr as 
commenting, .. He' s ju~t not sman 
enough to coach in thi league." 

• The San Jose Shark fran-
chi e folds but keeps se lling 
merchandise with "that really cool 
logo." 

• The UCSD athletic depart-
ment, fearing that the school will 
become yet another lawles 
Division III powerhouse, creates 
its own league in Division IV. 

• Chris Dudley leads the NBA 
in scoring. Who's Chris Dudley? 

• Cal Ripken Jr. plays In 
another 162 major league baseball 
games, then goe on to play 16 
NFL games for the Phoenix 
Cardinals, and S2 games as a 
small forward for the Miami Heat. 

D ESMOND HOWARD discovers his three-year, $IS million 
contract to play with the Toronto 
Argonauts is really only worth 
$6.75 per year in U.S. dollars. 

• The Atlanta Braves change 
their name to the Atlanta People 
of Unusual Courage. 

• George Foreman release his 
new exercise and beauty tips 
video entilled "Eat!" 

• TIle NFL, in an allempt (0 
make the game even less fun, 
prohibits the forward pass. 

• Jim Everen passes for three 
touchdown passes in the Rams' 
first game of the season, but the 
Rams still wind up 2-14, 

• The Los Angeles Oippers 
win the NBAChampionship ... 
Naaaaahhh! 

Associate Sports Editor Gregg 
Wrenn contributed to this column. 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

RollOver: 
Thursday, January 9,1992 

Dead for UCSD 
• Trinity University 
puts up little fight as 
the Tritons take home 
an easy 78-53 win .. 
IIJ GNgw..nn 
Associate Spotts EdltDr 

The funny thing about the Trin-
ity University basketball team is 
that it has a 6-S center who doesn't 
like the attention of being the tallest 
player on the court. so he plays like 
a 5-1 I point guard. Add to that 
forwards who think the inside is 
only a place to go when it' s raining, 
and you can see why UCSD had 
liuJe trouble stuffing them 7S-53 on 
Monday night. 

The game probably shouldn' t 
have been that close, but a less than 
perfCet first half saw the Tritons 
leading by only 7, 32-25. at the 
intennission. 

In that first half, the UCSD de-
femepushedtheTigersaround.forc-
ing their offense to stay outside the 
paint. 

Trinity'sTim Miller, the6-S cen-
ter, seemed to be lost on offense, 
rarely setting foot in ide the paint 
and handling the ball only out on the 
wing, He finished the firsthalfand 
the game with two points and one 
rebound, By comparison UCSD's 
5-10 point guard Rodney Lusain 
had two boards. 

Trinity literally could not get the 
ball anywhere near the key whether 
on designed offense or dribble pen-
etration. 

The Tigers' first point from in-
side carne when Nicky Servos tole 
the ball and raced down the open 
court for a layup, with 7:40 left to 
play in the half. 

UCSD. on the other hand. was 
able to run its offense right through 
Trinity.TIleTritons' bigthree,Andy 
Swindall, Chris Moore and Rick 

Rick Batt scored eight points as the Tritons glided to an easy 78-53 win over Trinity University on Monday. Ball, were able to get inside for I I of See M, HOOP. Page 10 

Basketball Looks to Shoot Down Eagles 
• Preview: Women's 
team takes on Christ 
College of Irvine in a 
rematch of last year. 
By Greg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

Revengei onthemindofUCSD 
Head Coach Judy Malone. She 
wants to get even with Chrisl Col-
legeoflrvine,the team thai snapped 
UCSD's 15-game winning streak 
andeliminated the Tritons from play-
off consideration with a 73-63 win 
last year. 

Going inlo tonight's game 
again t Christ College of Irvine, 
UCSD (64) faces a once-beaten 
team with all five tarters back. three 
outside threats and two big po t 
players. 

All this in a teann that "is as good 
if IlOl bener than last year," accord-
ing to Malone. 

"This is a significant game,"she 
said. ' ''They're a good team. They've 
got the three outside whocan pull up 
and beat you from the three if you 
don't cover them on the fast break. 

They'vegota~2postontheinside, 
so they' ll be tough." 

Malone expects to key on the 
outside threal first and let her front 
coun players Lisa Beaver and Carl 
Young handle the Eagles inside, 

"We match up prelly well in-
side, it' going to be one-on-one 
inside. We've just got to keep the 
outside covered up and keep them 
from bombing the lights out," 

Bombing the light out is what 
Chris( College likes to do. Featur-
ing a Loyola Maryrnount- lyle fast 
break, the Eagles aren't afraid of 
pulling up at the three point line and 
lening a shot fly. 

TIle re ponsibility for slowing 
Christ College down will fal l on 
guards Ka thleen Alvarez and 
Monique Vaillancourt. 

If the break is slowed down, the 
Eagles have the ability to "dish il 
down to the post inside who runs the 
floor real well, so we have our work 
cut out for us." 

Offensively, Malone sees the 
play of her wings as the key to the 
game, 

"They have to play aggres-
sively-goingtotheboards, anack-
ing the basket, looking fortheirshols 
and then also look for the pass in-

See W. HOOP, Page 11 Usa 8eaYer Is the TrItons'leader In bOth points scored and rebounds. 

Thursday, January 9, 1992 

Inside: 
~ Local theater 
I isti ngs/H2 
~ Book review/H4 
i!J Win some R&BI 
hip-hop or heavy 
metal/H7 

~METALLICA 
THE MAKING OF A LEGENO/H2 

~ 'Grand Canyon' Be 
'Fried Green Tomatoes' 

HOLLYWOOD CATERS TO THE MIDDLE-AGED/H2 

~GodfIesh 
MAKING NOISE WITH A NEW 
ALBUM AND TOURlH6 

~ Cafe Athena 
GOOD EATS ON A STUDENT 
BUDGET/H3 



Hl HIATUS 

MIRA MESA 566-1917 
PMce of rides 1he Last loy Scout 
The Addams ~ JfI( 

~ and the .... st Hook 
Fall .. of the Bride 

UTC 452·7766 
Kufh Prine. of r ... 
The Addams Family 
My Girl 

JFK 
Hook 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE 453·7831 
Father of the Bride 

Star Trek VI 
Beauty and the Beast 

The Last Boy Scout 

KEN CINEMA 283·5909 
Black Lizard 

Winter Film Ram 
• 'Canyon ' and 'Tomatoes': No special 
effects, no car crashes and no Nick Nolte 
By Lara Heisler 
Senior Staff Writer 

When the weather is wet, cold and miserable, movie theaters are 
especially inviting. What could be a bener way to escape the 
downpour and depressingly dark kies than to enter a warm, popcom-
smelling theater and lose yourself entirely in the world of cinema? 

Of course, all the movie producers realize 
'ti the season for movies, so if you're feeling 
a little overwhelmed by all of the new main-
stream movies out there, it's understandable. 
It 's easy to be swept into the media blitz and 
think that the only films of the season worth 
sheliingoutmoneyforhave to starNickNolte 

or have lots of special effects ... But that's not the case. Two new 
movies, "Fried Green Tomatoes" and "Grand Canyon," break away 
from current trends. No Spielberg, no mafia, no exploding cars, no 
Nolte. Ju t characters telling their stories. 

"Fried Green Tomatoes," which stars Oscar-winners Jessica 
Tandy ("Driving Miss Daisy'') and Kathy Bates ("Misery") relates 
an introspective and optimi tic story, Tandy, who plays NiMY 
Threadgoode, shares the stories of her life with Bates' character, 
Evelyn Couch. The two women develop a friendship based on 
Ninny's yam- piMing and Evelyn's desire to listen, and the relation-
ship helps the downtrodden Evelyn change herlife. According to Jon 
Avnet, the producer/director/co-writer of the film, "'The slrength of 
'Fried Green Tomatoes' is that its core is the art of storytelling. And 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
"'.n $14 (reg. $19) 
UCSD SPECIALS 

$50 Perm &: HoirCllf or Highlight &: Haircut 

See FI.M RAM, Page H4 

8950 Villa LD lolla Dr., SIt. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

The UCSD GuardiM Tbunday, January 9,1992 

COVER STORY 

• Does Metallica have what it takes to be immortalized as a rock legend? 
By Joeeph G8n:III one in the underground mew scene 
Hiatus Editor wa buzzing about Meullica. 

As hard as it is to believe, there Metallica was broughl to major la-
once was a time when the majority bel staIUS by Elektra, who re-re-
ofbands in the top leased 1984' 
40 were more Rid~ tl,~ Li,ftht-
than the combi- l/illKafter its ini-
nation of the Iat- tial independent 
est music tcch- release. 
nology with a Ridc tlrc 
singer and some Uf.l!Jtll;" ,~ af-
producer. The fir m e d 
Beatles,LedZep- Metallica 's de-
pelin , Bob votion to deliv-
Marley, and Pink ering quality 
Floyd showed music. The 
that musicianship s e m i - b a II ad 
and musical integrity could also con- "Fade to Black" received some mi-
tend with the typical pop-rock or nor r.!dio air-play. but sold like hot 
whatever was being offered at the cakes mostly be-
time. cause of 

Today' charts are satiated with Met a II i c a ' 
overproduced, tcchnologicalJy per- growing cult fol-
fccted dance and glossy, formula lowing. It didn't 
rock n' roll. There are those who necdtobetop 10 
might argue that Guns N' Roses are to sell because it 
legends-in-waiting, but who is go- contained a rare 
ing to argue that Warr.lnt or Poison commodi ty in 
areuptoparforiegendstatus?'There the pop world-
are more varieties of formula for an uncompro-
infants then there are formula for mising anitude, 
thesongswhichmakeupAmerica's In 1986, 
top 10. when Master oj Puppets was re-

For the second time in a row, leascd,famcwaswaiting.MasteroJ 
Metallica has been the saving grace Puppets raced up the chans and 
for American pop mu ic, Both contained eight songs that you will 
1991's self titled (IIIIJI1!!II! .... lI!I never hear on 
release and pop radio. No 
1989's ... And singles, no vid-
Jllstice for Alf eos, no air-play 
blew the charts - sell a million 
away with multi- record - no 
platinum sales. pro b I em. 
Merallica sold 2 Met a I lie a 
million units in 9 showed the 
days! Of course world it was 
they cannot reaJly here to stay with 
be con idered an extensive 
legends until af- world tour and 
ter the band's demise, but James threealbumsofunquestiooablequal-
Hetfield, Kirk Hammen, Lars Ulrich ity and musical dexterity. 
and Jason Newsted are certainly on And then bass player Cliff Bur-
the right track. ton died in a tragic bus accident in 

How does a band ascend from Europe. What 
typical pop icon 10 legend statu ? It would happen to 
is much more than a few top 10 hits- the direction of 
its talent, musicianship, and hard- Metallica's mu-
to-grasp concept like integrity and sic after the los 
motivation. From "Hit the Lights," of an original 
the first track on Kill 'E1II All, to m e m b e r ? 
"Struggle Within:'the last song on Hetfiekl. Ulrich, 
Mctaf(jca, the members of Mctallica and Hammen 
have displayed that they are con- quickJyreplaced 
tenders for legendary status. -Burton with Ja-

Think of the early '80s, cin:a son Newsted, a 
1983. Now think of what you were young hopeful from the MetaJlica-
listening to. MetaJlica's debut Kill esquebandAotsamandJetsam(who 
'Em All came out in '83 and took the recently lost a bass player to New 
heavy metal world by storm. Every- York metal-heads Prong). After 

LIVE IN JAPAN 

1987' s GU"UK~ DtJys Rc·RcI 'isitcJ 
with Newsted, Metallica fans were 
shown that the band hadn 't lost sight 
of its direction. 

1988 saw the release of . . Alld 
Justicc /1)1' All, which took its right-
ful place in the top 10 and exposed 
Metallica to an audience who may 
not have been li stening before. 
Though .. Jusfice is more of an 
exaggerJlion of the Metallica style, 
it contained a deftness that could not 
be denied. 

The band ' first video, "One," 
received heavy rotation on MTV 
and was also the door which opened 
up Metallica to a larger audience. 
Metallica was finally receiving the 
recognition its fans knew they 

should've re-
ceived all along. 

After the 
countless frown-
ing photo ses-
sion and an ex-
tensive world 
tour, Meta llica 
took some time 
off to reorgan ize 
and reinvigomte 
it creative 
juices. And in 

'91 the stripped down, hard as hell, 
heavier than Rosanne Arnold sound 
of the grown up, more experienced 
and wiser Metallica was displayed 
via the refuses-to-get-off-the-chans 
Metallica. 

"Enter Sandman," the first 
. ingle, was on MTV too much, and 
wasoneveryhour(until MTV got a 
hold of Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen 
Spirit"). And like "Sandman," 
Metallico's econd single "The 
Unforgiven" receives considerable 
air-play on both MTV and hard rock 
radio. Metallica' s latesteffon shows 
the band can grow up and modify 
without losing touch of what is es-
sential to being Metallica. 

Led Zeppt"lin evolved and still 
retained its direction. as did Bob 
Marley. Metallica has earned its 

place in the ranks 
of legends. In 20 
years Metallica 
will be listened 
to like Led Zep-
pelin is today. 

It isn't f:very 
generation Ihat 
gets 10 witness 
the birth and 
growth of a mu-
sic legend. 

Metallica dido' t need massive me-
dia anention to become legendary. 
All the attention just showed that 
Metallica deserved it. 

International Education SefVices 
invites appOcaIions lor a one yew 

assignment in Japan ttachIng 
English to Japanese business 

people from major COIpOralion& and 
YAIUMO.O 

SUSHI AND DAILY SPECIALS 
"Best Teriyoki in Town" 

government oIIioes. Minimum 
academic raquirement is a 

BacheIo(s degree; some WOlle 
elll*ience~. PIeue submit 

current resume and CO\Ief letter 
accompanied by • recent photo to: 

IES 
~ T.-o BuIldIng 

10.7 Dogellz._ 2-c:11ome 
SlllluyHu, Tokyo 150JAPAH 

T":11~ 
Fa: 11-3-3413-7011 

• ;;;.; ;o;..J ~UCSD SPECIAL L. 
• TERIYAKI $3" · i ~~~~_t!~!~~!!'mM i 
•••••••••••••••••••• 
La Jolla Colony Plaza 452-A 255 7!1B.,.1I Rd. 1501 (Vans Shopping Center) ... r. 011 ........ w. __ CIIIIIring"'-' 
HOUIS: 11:30 am-9 pm !Mon., lIvLl. 11:30 _10 pm (Fr. & Sat.I. 5-9 pm Sunda,s 

Thunday, January 9,1992 

10111.11'; Through Satur-
day, Sushi Inc. and Danse Friche 
present the Mehmel Meme 
Sander Dance Company. This 
is a Turkish dance company that 
creates dance thai focuses on the 
movement as an action of the 
moment. Sushi is located 81852 

The 
Princeton 
Review 

The 
Princeton 
Review 

The 
Princeton 
ReView 

The 
Princeton 
Review 

LSAT&GRE 
Cia.... now. 

(619) 695·9952 

The UCSD Guardian 

For 1hose Who Uke it Greek 
• Pacific Beach's Cafe Athena offers good food for the cost conscious 
By .Jenny GIUnC sets is refreshing in itself. Tucked duce healthy and light dishes. The 
Associate Hiatus Editor into a tiny corner of a shopping menu offers a wide variety for veg-

After spending money on the center, it manages to appear clean, etarians as well as an inviting selec-
holidays. University fees ,and count- bright and inviting. It 's perfect for a tion of Gyros, chicken and beef en-
less textbooks, even the most frugal cozy dinner for two as well a.<; an tree . For those usually less daring, 
pender will find thaI the new year evening out for a group of six. prepare yourselves for savory and 

means pinching peMies harder than 11le marble fountain (complete tangy dishes. 
ever. On a tight budget, many will with crawling ivy and a spitting If you're used to greasy burgers 
find il a challenge to discover inc - Cupid) is a r.uher unconventional and fries or takeout pizza, you ' \I 
pensive wtematives to eating out stab at interior decorating, and acts find the change-of-pace refreshing. 
that don ' t compromisequality. Cafe asa urprisingly, perfect centerpiece. Servings are generous and service is 
Athena in Pacific Beach can offer Fresh nowers on each table add a friendly .. nd amuzingly speedy. 
both quick, friendly service and a nice touch that. keep the mood fes- One of the best things about this 
refreshing Greek menu that tive and informal. eatery is thai you don ' t have to be 
accomodates even the thinnest pock- Cafe Athena boasts of its fresh abletopronouncelhenamesofthese 
etbook. ingredients and traditional cooking di hes in order to enjoy them (in 

The annosphere that Cafe Athena methods, which combine to pro- fact, the waitress wasn't even sure 

8th Avenue, dowtown, between E 
and F streets. Tickets are $11 and 
the shows stan at 8 p.m. Call 235-
8466 for more information. 

... 
AllDAY: Should we call it a 

TG? Who knows? But whatever 
youcaII il,L.A. 's Cypress Hill will 
be giving up straight-up hip-hop for 
your listening pleasure at the Price 

Cenler, Friday. It's freeand it's qual-
ity hip-hop on campus. Why not 
check it out? 

• •• SAlUIDAY: Yippy yee-hay and 
hooray! GunsN' Roses announced 
a second night at the Sports Arena. 
Tickets go on sale Saturday at 10 
a.m. at all Ticketmaster locations 
except at May Co. s tores. 

SoundGarden is opening, and , 
combined with GNR, should pro-
vide more high-pitChed vocals than 
the law allows. If you missed tickets 
to the first show you have noexcuse 
to miss this one. 

• •• SUNDAY: Forthoseofyou who 
don't experience enough blues on 
your own, the Belly-Up Tavcm is 

HIATUS H3 

of how to say a couple of them). So 
whether you decide to try Baba 
Ghannuj, Imam Baldu or Piperies 
Yemisles. you'll be pleased to dis-
cover a tastefully rich and savory 
meal. These names may sound 
foreign to you, but they all basically 
translate into one idea: refreshing 
Greek cuisine at affordable prices. 

offering free blues. Candye Kane 
and the Armadi 110 Stampede play 
from 5 to 7 p.m., and the free 
blues jam goes from 8 p.m. until 
midnight. Call 48 1-9022 formore 
information. 

••• MONDAY: Stay at horne tonight 
and study! Why do college stu· 

See EVENTS, Page H4 

Isaacs, McCaleb 
& Dancers 

SEASON PREMIERE CONCERT 
Mandell Weiss Center for the 

Performing Arts, U CSD 
January 9,10,11 & 12 at 8pm 

"On-Stage Party," SaturdayJan. 11 
following perfonnance -

$35 including ticket 
Resezved TIckets: $15 General, 

$12 IM&D Members, 
$9 Students & Seniors 
Call the Box Office at 

29&-9523 



H. HIATUS The UCSD Guardian 

A 'P.ty' 1hat is No Fun ••• that everybody but you is in on. .. AIhens in 1977 was clap. hot 
and trashy." the back cover reads. 
"But then the dlncing staned. shak-
ing the ground. changing the 1and-
scape forever." It seems IhII some-
one needs to explain to Brown that 
culturallandrnads take a linle more 
lhan eight years. two bands thai 
made it and a head full of drugs. 

• Brown 's ~ Party Out of Bounds' is fun only if you live in Georgia 
By hull SIdbItzke 
Senior Staff ~ 

Olildren of the college music 
scene. here's your chance to take a 
peek into the hippesc music scene in 
America .. Athens, Georgia! Wit-
ness the endless parties and the 
massive drug-taking as a nowhere 
college town in the South turns 
from cheap, hot and trashy into 
frenzied, exciting and rocking! 
Yawn ... 

Rodger Lyle Brown's debut 
book. Parry OUI of Bounds, solicits 
a potentially intriguing glimpse into 
a time when Athens, Georgia was 
the supposed hub of the U.S. col-
lege mu ic scene. Between 1977 
and 1985, lhi previou Iy di mal 
lown blossomed into a mecca for 
lhe then new and ecleclic punk and 
new wave scenes. 

Party Ow ojBoundschronicie 
lhe development of the B-52's, 
changing from a gang of bouncy 
crossdressing glam into the spear-
head ftheNewYorkmusicalelite. 
Parry. . . also tells the tale of the 

origins of R.E-M .• from a bunch of 
regular beer 
drinking stu-
dents, to col-
lege dropouts, 
to world's hip-
pest band (or 
so Brown likes 
to proclaim). 

San d -
wiched be-
lween these 
potentially in-
tere ting to-
ries, is that of 
Athens'devel-
opmenr from a 
leepy town to 

pany central 
for the South. 

A myriad 
of nameless 
name and 
remini cenl 
eve n t 
Party . . . is filled to the brim with 
chronicle after chronicle of "thi 
and that pany, where so and 0 

Most Unique Liquor Store 
We have a fantastic 

selection of imported and domestic 
wines and beer· gourmet cheese, pastries, and 

chocolates· salads· sandwiches· Bud's ice cream· 
gourmet coffee· espresso/cappuccino· lotto/lottery· 

office supplies· unique gifts· San Diego's best 
selection of cards' custom gift baskets 

• and a lot more ... Visit us and see! 

Buy on. Iingi' leoop let cr •• m 
con. 'rom Bud'. Ie. Cream P.rlor 
• g.' ••• cond .Ing I. ICOOP con. 

FREE 
E.pire. 1123192 

---------

IS GIVING AWAY MONEY! 
Get a grant of up to $500 to help out with that 

special creative project! U$ GRANTS funds projects 
for all majors. If you have any questions, call us a 
534-3917 or stop by our office (third floor of the 

Price Center, room 305). 
\\E <\RE ACCFPTING PROP()c).\L c., 

FOR WIN H F? c).) (; f~ .\ r\. 1 L, 
DEi\OLIr--..E FRIO,\Y j.\\,)·\R" l' i ')~.' 

ERGRADUATE 

RANTS 

threw up on such and such. and the 
rest was history ... 

The book also 
recounts stories 
of several "un-
successful" col -
lege bands like 
The Fans, Pylon, 
and The Method 
Actors, that 
formed, put OUI 
a record or IWO, 
and then either 
broke up, or are 
still playing 
clubs in Athens. 

Brown seems 
to be making an 
allempl at rekin-
dling his own 
past in lhis book. 
Being lhal he did 
~pend 1977-1985 
al lhe UniversilY 
of Alhen ,hisac-

count of this time period is probably 
accurate, bUl his cliche glorification 
Oflhi town reads like an insidejoke 

CONSIDER 

This book was basically wrinen 
for throe groups of people: 8-52 
fans,R.E.M. fans, and anybody who 
spent a year or more in Athens. If 
you'reanycombinalionofanylhese 
three. you're in luck.. . buy il. 0th-
erwise, Party Out of Bounds is the 
stol)' of two surviving bands, pad-
ded with Slories about people who 
never got big enough to really talk 
about. 

STUDYING ABROAD 
NEXT YEAR IN ..• 

A..-u..-..-.c--.cw-.c-.-. ~_, 
Ilopt,"'-~.-.----~ ...... '« '. 

IHIead, l8MI, I&eb."_s.,.. &.-.-.. _-.~. 
PwftpI. ...... ---.~T-. 

&lie u.I ... m..-, .... -. 

1'Iw LIC .... ,_tao AIIroad rropa. ~ ......... VC8D 0ppartunUfa 
Abroad rropa. I':MPJ qJT., .... .m. .cr:..I ..... IaI«ryl\Cp 

~ III ~ ........ .-.raJIIUItrieL 
..,...,fcn","" DM1!'" ___ 

Im~rtant Information 
SeSsion on EAP & OAP 

With slides, and returnees to answer questions 

OEarn Academic Credit 
o Finoncial Aid Avoilabk 
OEAP Scholarllhips 

Thursday, January 9, 7 pm 
International C~nter Lounge 

For more illf..,.,.tIon calltU-UllS 
UCSD Pro,.-ams Abroad Office 

AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR 

7OM:S Master Mechanics 
====== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
-------------~------

' MuSI ptesenl c oupon ond void UCSO 10 ollme 01 oSllmote 
Nol valid wilh motor eng"le or IrClr'lSml>llOn repoors, 

If You Have Friends wHh VW'I. Ask Them 
About UI; If They Haven't DIscovered 

Us Yet. Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT nRE L ____________________ ~ 

Thunday, J-uary 9, 1992 

FILM FLAM 
as anyone knows. what makes a 
movie good is its ability to, quile 
simply.lell a story." 

"Grand Canyon" i anolher 
movie !hal i quietly sneaking into 
the theaaers. As with "Fried Green 
Tomatoes." "Grand Canyon" has a 
cast, which in itself. is ample reason 
to see the film. The ensemble cast 
features Oscar winner Kevin Kline 
("A Fish Called Wanda"), Mary 
McDonnell With 

Steve Martin in "Grand Canyon" 
Wolves"), Danny Glover ("Lelhal 
Weapon" I & 2), and Sieve Martin 
(Wild and Crazy Guy). NO( bad. 
And if you aren't convinced lhat 
this movie is a must-see yel, keep in 
mind that it was wrillen and directed 
by Lawrence Kasdan, who is re-
sponsible for ''The Big Chi II ," uThe 
Accidental Tourist," and "Body 
Heat" 

Kasdan claims that "Ihe film tries 
to look closely at evel)'day life. It's 
a tapestry of characlers, and it is 
about the smallest things and the 
biggest things. The characters' lives 
become interwoven in unexpected 
ways-several different characters 
set in motion, bumping up against 
each other, having an impact on one 
another." 

The chamcters in this film seem 
uper-real, and they find the world 

in which they live to be both brulal 
and kind-a farcl)'fromNeveriand. 
If you want to hear intelligent dia-
logue and emotional philosophy, 
you will probably find "Grand Can-
yon" to be a great. cathartic plea-
sure. 

EVENTS 
ContInued from .... H3 
dents Ihink they need to go out al\ 
the time? I'm sure you have some 
importanl studying to do. and Mon-
day night is a great night to do it. 
Stay at horne and hitlhe books. 

... 
TlESDAY: Popular music out-

casts MetaUica strut their stuff at 
the Spons Arena, for the SliU not-
sold-out second performance. No 
opening act here, the Metalli-fel-
lows have a 3O-minute documen-
tary which chronicles the histol)' of 
the bond. All seats will supposedly 
have a good viewofthestage Ihanks 
to innovalive design and arrange-
ment of the stage elements. 

... 
WlDNllDAY:Surffilm direc-

tor Hal Jepeea will present an 
evening of multi-media film/video 
and surf musie at Kahuna '5 in Pa-
cific Beach. The evening will cover 
Jepsen's 3O-year ~r and will 
also include footage from his still-
in-progress fibn. "Surfers Must Be 
Crazy." The presenI8tion will run 
from 8 p.m. W1IiI midnight and is 
free for Ihose who are 21. 

... 
._.MY: The all new Hill-

"" issuecomesOUl and informs you 
abouI "1'hiap to Do." 

Thunday, January 9,1992 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

DD-1 EX 
SOllY DATA DISCMANTM 
ELEe I RO_IC BOOK PLAYER 

SONY 
[ij/~l~ Discman 

E3G 
Electronic Book 

• Portable, lightweight Personal Information Product 
• Reads and Displays Text and Graphics from any Worldwide Standard 

Electronic Book 
• Bectronlc Books Contain up to 100,000 Pages ot Text or 32,000 Graphics 

on a Single 3" Optical CD 
• Easy to Use - Requires No Computer Expertise 
• Six Bulh-In Search and Retrieval Methods Provide Instant Access 

to Information 
• High-Resolution , Backlit LCD Screen with Contrast Control 
• Displays 10Unesx30CharactersofTextor3.4-(Diagonal) Graphic Image 
• Video Output Jack tor Connection to Any Video Monitor 

I II ~I I 
, ,. If ~..... l' >.' f UCSD BOOKSTORE 

ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 
OPEN: MON - FRI BAM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

MISSISSI PPI 

MASALA 
--- - --

====-- .:::::::::=-- - - - - - - - - - - --

. I. .. . . 
A FILM BY MIRA NAIR (SALAAM, BOMBAY) 

WITH DENZEl WASHINGTON" SARITA CHOUDHURY 
1ANUARY14·ruES~Y.8DO P.It\.· MANPMlUAUPITORIUM 

UCSD BC»COFFICE:~7 " T1CIC£T MASTtRounm 
PRESENTED BY INTERNATIONAL STYLE 1991 

.N eOO'EllAnON WITH THE UOP VISUAL AIlTI PEPARTMENT ANP AIUeSp 

WORLD'S FIRST 
GRAPHICS CALCULATOR 

DISPLAYS COMPLEX FORMULA AND DATA 
I, , 

.... l 
y .. - 1:).3613305:37 

MATHEMATICS 

./ I 
.-' 

--~ 
E!'JGLNEERlNG 

CAS I 0 " 
FX-7000G 

• Advanccd ALPHA-numeric display shows 8 lines of formulas. 
calculation -, data or graphics 

• 193 powerful functions 
• Two mode of standard deviation and linear regrcssion arc available 
• Large 422 step memory has 26 additional memories ,/; 
• Instant formula replay allows editing and replaying of complex fonnulas .' A';:#~ 
• Computer science conversion: Octal-Binary-He,,;adecimal and Boolean ,lj, 

functions arc included .,(j';.' ;' 
• Comes with two comprehensive application manuals .• ,_",.r'{,/~~:'f?'/\:; 

L.J1. - 5C~ 
l'll)( ) ..... "-.rl.H4t 
_ ~ UCSD BOOKSTORE 
~ .,.... ::.4 ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 

OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - SPM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 



.. 

H6 HIATUS The UCSD Guardian Tbunday, January 9,1992 

Spew. Industrial .. nge 
Into Altemative Music 
• England's Earache Records delivers Godflesh, ready to consume 
America with its new album, 'Pure,' and a U.S. tour with Ministry 
By ........ OcInU 
Senior Staff Writer 

Napalm OeaIh. Morbid Angel. 
Godflesh, these an: the names of 
Earache Records' biggest artists. 
Until last year. none of these group 
had big followings, but now Na-

palm Death 
shirts an: pop-
ping up in the 
suburbs of 
America. 

Godflesh, 
Earache's mo t well known indus-
trial style band. is making a play for 
fame with a new album. "Pure:' due 
this wimer and a U.S. tour with 
Ministry. It has been a long and 
arduous road for Godtlesh, but 
founding member Justin Broadrick 
aJeeS 1992 as their year. -

"This time we will take the U.S. 
Everything is happening in our fa-
vor. We do sound extreme, but the 
States are opening up, and our mu-
sic is becom ing acceptable," he said. 

It is impo~ible to describe the 
hodgepodge of styles which make 
up GoeJnesh. Broadrick was an ori gi-
nul member of Napalm Death, and 
the grindcoreinfluenceisdominant. 
But there is a drum be::u and various 
samples of voices and noises. 
Broadrick best categorized the band 
as "industrial rnetal." 

"On ' Pure.' we are going every-
where from the 'Slave~tate' sort of 

sound to being reaJly, really heavy." 
Broadrick said. "(This isl the most 
mind-numbingly heavy we 've ever 
sounded. It 's really a good cross 
mixture of hip-hop samples and huge 

" We do sound extreme ... 
[This is] the most mind 
numbingly heavy we've 

ever sounded,., It is pure 
aggression - very strong 

and very harsh. 

" JUSTIN BROADRICK 
GcdfIesh 

guitars." 
Between "Pure" and the last full 

album. "Streetcleaner." Godflesh 
released a brilliant compilation of 
recent singles, Slol't!SlOle. "Melt-
down," "Slavestate," and "Perfect 
Skin" have g .... lIing guitars, and yet 
you can till get up and dan e. The 
lyrics are very minirnalislic: rather, 
the mu ic is dominant in order 10 
create a demented vision of the 
world. Images of Je~u~. death. hor-
ror, and enchammentdrip from each 
track between the pulsing bass and 
wall of industria] noise. 

unlike "Streetcleaner." "Pure" 

promises to stress continuity instead 
of a concept. "All the stuff on this 
album is simple. We wrote our 
songs under pres ure, and we started 
oursongswitha ingleriftorsample, 
and then we added the bassorsimple 
drum rhythm," Broadrick said. 

Godflesh hopes to capture 
America's ears by louring with the 
maslel"S of indu trial mu ie. Minis-
tl)'. "Playinglive i the perfect mode 
for us," Broadrick exclaimed. "It is 
the best way weean relate. II is pun: 
aggression-very trong and very 
harsh. We are able to elabomte." 

Godfle h isoftened compared to 
bands on Wax Trax Records, which 
is owned by Ministry's Alain 
Jourgenson, but Broadrick laims 
that he did not listen to Ministry 
until he met Jourgenson. <"The last 
time we were in America, we spent 
a weekend with Alain. He'sapany 
animal. We have appreciated Min-
i Iry since we met AI. 

"Everything I do is so immedi-
ate. We an: pUlling the lasttouehes 
on lhe album through mixing il. 111e 
Ministry tour is so far off. II seems 
so unrealistic." 

AILhough Godfle~h i ' gaining 
ground in American COllege mdio, il 
is not accepted in it native Great 
Britain. "You can't find people 
dancing to Ministry in the UK," 
Broadrick commented. "There is a 
good market in England for 

Godf!esh's most recent release, Slavest8te, is a collection of singles. 

Godflesh, but it isn'l as acknowl-
edged as the Manchesler scene." 

Godf1esh's leader admitted that 
he did like some of the Manchester 
scene. '" actually like some Happy 
Monday. BUI the rest i crap. , 
even liked Joy Division. I like a lot 
of dance, but there are too many 
groups on the band wagon," 
Broadrick said. 

Godflesh does nol have to worry 
about being on the band wagon. It is 
a visionary band with a unique 
sound. 

Godflesh is the leader in a new 
generation of mu ic. By the end of 
1992, it will not be a household 
name, but it will be an integral part 
in the future of alternative music. 

I ':. 
january 31 • friday • ap.e IIIIIIIevu.t ..... 
It S1Z' ..... $17' It el& ,.,.,,$15' ........ '114 MIl 

Thunday, January 9,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Glveawayl Giveawayl Giveaway! 
• Here's your chance to win some CDs or cassettes from some of 
today's up-and-coming and established artists 

PrIze 0118: Metal 
I. AIpbaIt IWIet - As,.,.'" (caasetIe) 
These CIII5 are from s.n Diego and are just breaking into the metal scene. Contains 13 tracks. 

2 0....,. Dupr - Saww III (c:asscac) 
~ ~Iease from the8e metaI cubes. ConIains 16 tracks. 

, 

3. LA.Gtms-HDl4ltJF«qItq(CD) _ 
This "Special Collectors Edition" disc contains four tracks 1101 contained on their last release. Hollywood 
Vompir~s. ContaiIL'l five tracks. 

Prize Two: Hip Hop/RBcB 
I. Tone-Lac - Cool HtIItII L« (CD) 
Sophomo~ ~lease from the Loc-ed one. This time, he's left Young MC behind. Contains II tracks. 

2. Jermaine Jackson - Wont to 1M BIIIId (CD) 
Is Jermaine lrippin'? I don't think so. This is the song where he let his bro Michael know what' up. 

Contains two tracks. 

3. Funky town Pros - Re«IWI II I.IHI of AuassilurliDn (CD) 
Lyrically a little silly at times, but this albwn goes and flows to let the people know. Contains 12 hip-hop 

tracks to keep you movin'. 
Okay, here'show 10 win. CuI OUI IIIe coupon rorlbe Prize PIckage you wanllO win (you can enleriO win boIh, iryou'd like, as many 

limes as you'd like) and drop il inco die uHiaIJu Official ConleSl Box" aldie rronl ohhc Guardia" orticc by 5 p.m. Monday (Ihe l3\h). 

r-------------, r-------------, I Prize Package One: Metal I 
I Sign me up! I love metal and really, really, I 
I want all three prizes! I 

I Prize Package Two: Hip-Hop/R&B I 
I Sign me up! I love R&B and hip-hop and I 
I really, really, want the Ihree prizes! I 

I Name I I Name I 
I I I I 
I Phone # I I Phone # I 
I I I I I There is onty one winner ror Prize Package One. I I There is onty one winner ror Prize Package Two. I L _____________ .I L _____________ ..J 

# 1 AND STILL CLIMBING 

- . 

RECORD BREAKING SERIES 
CONTINUES AT ... 

TIle Comic Gallery 
4224 Balboa Ayenue, San DIeCo 
comer of Balboa & Clairemant Dr., (1U)413 4113 
next to Lucky Matket 
948O-G Mira ..... II., Mira Mesa (1U)l7MM4 
Ralph's ShoppI~ Center 
67508 No. lroIIdwIy, Elcondldo 
Albertson'S Center at Broadway (1U)7 ....... 
&Washl~on 

HIATUS H7 

1992 FILM FESTIVAL 
MISSISSIPPI MASALA 

by Mira Nare (India/llSA) January 14 
A 

LA MUJER DE BENJAMIN 
by Carlos Carrera (Mexico) January 21 

A 
CIRCUS BOYS 

by Kaizo Hayashi (Japan) January 28 
A 

ALL THE VERMEERS 
IN NEW YORK 

by Jon Jost (USA) February 4 
A 

SAM SARA 
by Huang Jianxin (China) February 18 

A 

TERUA 
by Sa rry Barclay 

(New Zealand) February 25 
A 

BLACK SNOW 
by Xie Fei (China) March 24 

A 

RED DUST 
by Yim Ho (Hong Kong) March .31 

A 

SILENT SCREAM 
by David Hayman (England) April 7 

A 

FIVE GIRLS & A ROPE 
by Yeh Hung-wei (Taiwan) April 14 

A 

TBA 
April 21 

A 

ZIPANG 
by Kaizo Hayashi (Japan) April 28 

A 

LONDON KILLS ME 
by Hanif Kureishi (England) May 19 

A 

13 SAN DIEGO PREMIERES 
(Titles subject to change) 

Mandeville Auditorium • 8:00 p.m. 
Series Passes: St. $30, G.A. $35 

Single Tickets: St. $4.00, G.A.$5,OO 
UCSD Box Office: 534-6467 

presented by 
UCSO's University Events Office, 

Visual Arts Department an~ the ASUCSO 



HIATUS 8 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, January 9, 1992 

Software Design Engineers in Test Development 
Full-time and Summer Positions 

A meeting you'll never forget. 
Sudd nly, th r you are. 

ace to face with the opportunity of a life-
time .. . and the implicati n are n rmou . You're a 

ftware 0 ign Engin r in Te t D v lopment at 
Micro oft. Pr viding imaginativ olution to y -
tern problem , and it' only the beginning. 

Here, you'll never butt head with boredom. 
Becau e your contribution begins right away. Even 
better, the mo t advanced technology imaginable 
i at your fingertip. 

A a Software De ign Engineer in Test Develop-
m nt your chall nge will be to u e the latest in oft-
ware devel pment tool and methodology to de ign, 
develop, and implement te ting oftware and test 
ca es. ontribute to product de ign by reviewing 
pecification and defining problem areas. Trou-

bleshoot software bugs to find faulty source code; rec-

omrnend and implement changes. Design software 
on 0386 0486, and RISC-based machines that are 
connected to XENIX® MS-DOS, and OS/2 file 
ervers. Work a a team member on projects such as 

operating ystem, networks, compilers, personal and 
bu int: applications software, graphical interfaces, 
handwriting technology, and multimedia. Microcom-
puter programming experience is necessary. 

So, if you've dreamed of becoming a giant in 
the software industry, and you are pursuing a 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Sci-
ence, Math, Electrical Engineering (with Com-
puter Science emphasis), or a related discipline, 
we'd like to talk with you at our On-campus Inter-
view. It's a meeting you'll never forget. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and are 
working toward a more culturally diverse workplace. 

® 


