
Elsewhere 
Profee ... TIIIk 
To m.n.t.y KIds 
DA VIS - Two UCD zoology 
professor.; have creared a new 
progr.un 10 help keep elemertary 
school kids illlerested in science. 
The program is called EXCITES 

(Exc~lknce In Teaching Science) 
and will aim 10 help reactlet's Ieam 
how 10 make science more 
inlereSling. Those enroll¢<:! in lhe 
program willliSlen 10 leqrures. 
disclL'~ various lopiCs aflllhen 
parricip:ue in hands-oo d:monSlra-
lions which will help iIIlNra1e lhe 
m:uerial. The J'fOi,rr:un will be£in 
in July of 1993. 

KZSC Funding 
On Shaky Ground 
SANTA CRUZ- UC Sama 
CIUZ may soon be withoul its radio 
:.Ialion. KZSC. which ha.~ been on 
Ihe air for nearly 20 years. may 
lose 60 percent of its budgel due 10 
cuts in funds received from 
regislr:uion tees. Curremly. Ihe 
Slation receives $65.<XXl a year. 
which may be slashed in an 
allempllo deal wilh universiry-
wide budget cuts. KZSC funcrions 
as a training faciliry and unofficial 
school of broadcasling. ~id Ilona 
Ozman. a recenl graduale and 
KZSC employee. 

UCR To Close Family 
Housing In June 
RlVERSIDE - In order 10 
complele renovalions to the 
Canyon Cresl Family Village at 
UC Riverside before a Dec. 1993 
deadline. residents oflhe Village 
will be moved 10 allemale housing 
siles. Resident~ will have 10 pay an 
extrJ $720 per year al the allemale 
sires. 11le move-{)uts will start nexl 
June. 

DavIs Bookstore 
Reports BIg Sales 
DAVIS - UCD opened its new 
bookstore last March and has since 
willlessed a 60 percenl sales 
increa.'ie. The new store offers an 
expanded com pUler shop, 30 cash 
regiSlers wilh automated credil 
card syslems and room for 20.000 
students. II is pan of an $8 million 
expansion projecl at UCD. 

Inside 

BOO!!! 
IIA'IUI: Oingo Boingo's 
cancelled, but !here are sliII 
Halloween hot spots. H1 

IPOIII'S: Women's soccer 
beal Cal Stale San Bernadino 
4-0. 12 

Index 
UC D BRIEFS ......................... 2 
A.~. MEETING ~OTES .............. 3 
OPINION ............................... 4 
1I1An! ............. : ................. 111 
Cl-\ssIFIEDS ......................... 8 

PORTS ............................... 12 

, H I u c 5 D 

UC ANDIEGO TIIURSDAY, OCTOBER 29,1992 VOLUME 77, I 'U E II 

WELCOME To WATSON'S Proposal to Save 
eo-ops in Works 
CO-OP CRISIS: Negotiation to give A.S. ovel ight 
continue ju t two day before the Oct. 31 eviction date 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Negoliations to awn the ~viction of 
Ihe sludelll co-op:. are conrinuing :l,lhe 
Ocl. 31 deadline looms only two days 
away. 

Universiry General Counsel Joanna 
Be;.ml :U1d repre~nlaliv~ from Ihe co-
op:. and Ihe ASMlCialed Siudent:. mel 
la,t Friday 10 wor" OUII~ detaib for a 
~nlemenl. Howev~r. ~au-.e only IWO 
d:IYs remain ~tore Ihe eviction de:ld-
line. Ihere i~ \Ome ~peculalion a, to 
whelher an agreemelll can be reached in 
lime. 

Apropo ... dcin:ulaledTuesdaymom· 
ing by BC:lm de~ribed Ihe delail!> oflhe 
agreemenl worked OUI dliling Fliday\ 
IllL'Cling. 

TIle txl\lC principle!\ \\ere Ihe ~ame 
a .. tho:-.e "ipul:u~d in ;m administr.lIion 
propo:.at two week ... ago.11le new pro-
posal would allow the A.S. and po~,ibly 
Ihe Graduate Studenl~ A,socialion 
(GSA) to take oversight and accoulll-
ability for the co-\'>p!. and!'t>r the CO-Ops 
to retain their :.wdent org:miz:ltion ~ta­
IuS. 

l1le co-ops would pay higher Il!nl 
and mainiainanceco~l~:L' well :l' liabil-
ity in~ur.Ulce covering up 10 $3 million. 

The Univer:.ily Celller Board (UCB) 
would cOlllinu~ 10 all(X':lh! the ~pace 10 
Ihe co-{)p:.. but in live-year incremenl~ 
ilhlead of Olle. 

11le propo:.al would al\O require Ihe 
A. . to make yearly evalualiolt~ of 

wh~ther Ihe co-op:. an! operaling in the 
:.Iudenls· be,t intel-e~I~. 111e admini'lra-
lion wOlild have no override or over-
~ight unle~, Ihere were 'JX.'Citic prob-

lem~. including violalion~ of health or 
"fely. :.Iale orieder.lllaw. ilhllrancc.or 

(,SD Policie, and Pr(lI:edure, nor in-
du(kd in Ihe agreernent ora violalion of 
Ihe agreernenr ihdf. 

A"i,lant Vicl!-(,hancdlor for SIU-
dent Progr.lIll\ and Facililil!~ Torn 
Tuck~r ... aid Ihal "lh~re i, no 1\::L,on why 

Ihi~ framework ~ho\1ldn ' l \\-Oli. ... 
Tucker abo ~Iid thaI if till! A.S .. lhe 

admini:.tr;lIion and the co-op, are able 
10 come to an agl'l.'Cnll!llI in plim:iple 
before Sunday. "that would bring aboul 
a cC\~tion of Ihe ev;clion nOliee." 

Jason Ritchie/Guardian 
General Store employee and Muir College Senior Christy McGrath 
clubs Muir Junior Slamak Malek during the co-ops' portrayal of life 
wtth administrative control of the General Store. 

U Ilima/ely .Iheadlllini~trat ion woutd 
remain lheoodeep pockeL~oo in ca.<;e of a 
major liability~uit untiltheA.S. achieves 
complete aUlonomy from Ihe univer:.iry 
admini:.trJtion. ~Ialed the propo~al. 

Groundwork Book~ elllployee Jeff 
Corben :.aid. however. lhat Ihe propo1>:11 
cin:ulated by Beam contain, -.eveml 

change~ Ihar were nOI JXIIl of Iheir Fri-
day di~u~~ion . ' 

See CO-OPS, Page 3 

New Indicator Funds Cut Back 
BUDGET: A.S. freeze of student 
newspaper funds delays printing 
By PhIlip Michaels 
Senior Staff Writer 

Three lhousand dollars have been . ubtrJCled 
from the 1I('1t ' illdica(or' s budget fOrlhis year in order 
10 resolve a dispute belWeen the newsp::tper collec-
live and the Associared SlUdenl,\. according 10 repre-
sentalives from both ~ides. 

The A.S. finance comminee had originally fro-
zen the budge! of the 1I('It· illdiw(or. the campus 'Iefl-
wing newspaper. claiming Ihallhe paper had gone 
over budge! by $3.<XX>. AI the Oct 21 council 
meeling. lhe A.S. VOled 10 subtract the disputed 
$3.000 and unfreeze the lIell' illdica(or account~ to 
allow the paper 10 publish it~ firs! is.~e. 

'1'he council fell Ihat :.ince they already lost 
$3.000 from this year's budge!. the accouills should 
be unfrozen." said A.S. Vice Presidenl for Finance 
Shervin Khoddam. 

According 10 lieit' illdicator colleclive Olember 
Doug Alexander, lhe budge! overrun SIems from a 
projecllasl year in which the lIelt ' illdi('(}(ol' assisted 
We Ihe People in publishing UCSD £rposed. a 
magazine chronicling the hiSlOl)' ofprolest at UCSD. 

The 1Ie1t' illdicalOr decided 10 lL'ie the remaining 
$3.000 from its 1991-92 budge! to print addilional 
copies of UCSD £\posed, said Alexander. 

"One problem wa.o; lhat inSlead of coming 10 
[Business Oftke Manager for Sludent Organiza-
lionsl Josie [Hollinger I at the end of las! year's 
quarter. il came 10 Josie al the bl:giming of Ihis 
quarter. When the A.S. found oul about il. lhey were 
upset becalL'!e of the cost." Alexander ~id. 

AnOlherreason 
cited by bOlh 
Alexander and 
Khoddam for the 
account freeze wa.~ 
the facllhal We lite 
Pcoplcwas printed 
on a higher qualily 
of paper than nor-

ma�ly used by the 
lieit' illdimlOr. The 
liCit ' illdicallJI' is 
budgeled for lab-
loid newsp"per. 

Afler the A.S. 
found out about the $3.<xx> allocalion. Alexander 
said that the 1I(,1t' illdiC{/fOl"s budgel was frozen 
lWice. Inilially frozen by Khoddarn !\O thallhe liCit · 
il/dimlor colleclive would be made aware of lhe 
dispule.lhe budge! was lal~r frozen a second time by 
lhe finance comminee until the issue was resolved. 
Alexander alleged Ihal SOOle oflhe members oflhe 
financecommillee were anragoni!>lic loward the I/('H ' 
illdicalOr. 

"Some of tlrem wanled 10 inf1i t a penalty on lhe 
organization:' Alexander said. 

Khoddam fell that MlbtrJCling $3.<xx> from the 
CUtTenl accounl was suffICient penalty. 

'1'he only Ihing left 10 figure out is how to 
replenish We 11/(' PC'op/e's funds." said Khoddam. 

Members of the IIe1" il/diwlo,. colleclive also 
believe lhat the dispule has been more or less senled. 
ooThis was inlenering wilh our ability 10 be a news-
paper. We hope !hat il' s all behind lLo;." 1>:lid collec-
live member Ely Rabani. 

Campaigns Gear 
Up For Election 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

A~ Ihe di~tanc~ t"lelween pre,idenlial candidale\ 
poll percentage~ mul'OW and the Nov. 3 election day 
approaches. c:\Odidale~ are campaigning furiously in 
what could be an eXII'I!mely clo~ r.lce. 

In San Diego. Arkansas Governor Bill Climon. 
President GeorgI! Bu~h. and indepc!ndenl candidale 
Ross P~roI have activ~ ~uppor1 and confid~nc~ from 
the many volunleers ~Uld con:.lilu~nl~ canv:t"ing lhe 
city. 11le!.e volunteer:. include Ihe Delllocr.llic and 
Republican chaplers at UCSDand Ih~ Perol-Stockdale 
campaign in S:1Il Dil!go. 

According 10 Doug H:U1mann. outreach media 
coordinator lor the UCSD Climon-Gore campaign. 
DemocrJlic ~ntim~nt :Ullong the ,ludelllS is ,trong. 

"We regislered over 3500 Democr.lls during llle 
first two weeks of school. People were buying posters. 
bunon~. and everything el~ ... I :>:IW nothing from 
opposition suppon. We are strong on campus ... a ... ir'~ 
really clear who suppons higher educalion:' he said. 

"I think condilions have changed. IAI UCSDJ 
lhere . s a lot of concern aboul the job market. especially 
with ~uch problems a~ Ih~ fee increa.-.e ... the job 
!>Cl'urity a tew y~ars ago is nOl available now."added 
UCSD graduate !>Iudenl and Clinton Gore c:unpaign 
coordinator John Ratlitl 

.. , Ihink ~au~ ('limon and Gore are younger 
candidal~. Ihey'v~ made an allempl to reach oul to 
young VOlen.. Clinlon. I think. is the fiN p~idential 
caodidlle Il1:lt youn~ters can gel enthusi:l'tic about 

See CAMPAIGNS, Page 2 



2 NEWS 

Lori MiIl:heli/GuarOi." 
Ed Sepe hands out • Iller at the Democratic campeiCn table In the 
Prtce Cent. on TUlllCley. 

CAMPAIGNS: 
Final push as election 
day nears 
Continued from pace 1 
since Kennedy," he added 

Both Hwtmann and Rat Ii fffeel confi-
dent about Clinton's chances of winning 
lhe election. 

"I Clinlon isJ runninganexcellent cam-
JXlign. I can'r buy most of these polls ... 
bur now thar everything i narrowing 
down. I'm nO( wonied. From the elec-
t ral map. Clinton i. looking at a land-
~ Iide." Hanmann 
said. 

publican 0Wr Gal)' Geiler. "the only 
poll thai maners is the one on election 
day." Gei.ler remains optimistic aboul 
Republican prospects in the Presidential 
elcction. 

•. , think Bush and Quayle wiU do 
extremely well, and their leadership will 
put us over the top. I think the Oimon 
c:unpaign i soft and weak." 

In California Senatorial election , 
Geiler predicts Republican victories. 
"Jim Elli and Bruce Herschensohn are 
real winners. Herschensohn will knock 
[BarbarolJ Boxer out," he said. 

The Peroc campaign anticipates a 
come·from-behind win. 

I f linton i ~ 
elected. boIh Hart-
mann and Rat/iffsee 
rh e government 
changing drastically. 

"1be only poll 
that matt ...... 
the one on 

Joe Reeder. aphone-lxmk 
~upervisor at the San Oi-
egoch:lplerfor the PeroI-
Srockdalecampaign.said 
thai suppon is widespread 
in San Diego. 

'1llerewillbeno 
more gridlock in 
Congress. [Hope-
fully I there will be a 
breakingdown of the 
defense system ... . 
an expan.,ion of rhe 
job market. bener 
health care. which is 
the comerslone of the 
Democratic cam-
paign. His main fo-
cus will definitely be 
domestic:' said 
Hartmann. 

"More than that 
the actual change is 
that we'lI have a 
president to really 
look up 10." Ratliff 
added. 

elactlon clay. 
••• 1 till .. a ...... 
.... Quayle will 
do extremely 
wei., and their 
I.BdenhIp wi. 
put US OW. the 
top. ..... the 
Clnton C8IIIP"I&lI 
.. 10ft .... 
weak." 

"His chances of get-
ting elected :Ire really 
great. The country is fed 
up with self-serving poIi· 
ticians and bu iness-as-
usual .... 1llegovemment 
needs to be taken back by 
the people, and a vO(e for 
Perot is a V()(e for the 
people." he said. 

Reeder also defends 
Peroc's withdrawal and 
later re-entry inlotheelec· 
tion. "If you've seen the 
imerview on 6() Minutes, 
you C'0I/1 sec he hasn '11 ied 
to us yel," he said. 

Reeder defended the 
qualificalions of Perot· s 

Both thinkTennesseeSenator AI Gore 
gives the Democrntic ticket a definite 
advantage. "Clinton i nOl afraid to have 
strong people around him. Gore will help 
him to get bills through Congress and his 
expertise on the environment [is also 
advantageous I:' said Ratliff. 

running male, Admiral 
Stockdale, by emphasizing his person-
able qualities and lack of political obli-
gations. 

"Admiral Stockdale is a great hero. 
He' !lOI a slick politician like the ()(her.;, 
and yes, he was a bit nervous during the 
vice-presidential debate. But he has a 10( 
of experience [in foreign affairsl and he 
is a good man," he said. But. according to UCSD College Re-

The UCSD Guardian Thunday. OrlolM'r 29.1992 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 

SUSIE. Do '1()J ~f '\'t) 
N .. oe o.mll'~ K"'~1It 
8Vi8lE GVM ~ p 

BRIEFLY ••• 
~------------~i 

If!. K>i MIIOl PJ" VU'iIHli 
"t~ ~ 'I® ~QW) 
1U.1lU TK~l£ l\IJ,N ~II'I . 

~NIIU)~N 
AND ftAlll TO Q) ... 

\ 

Athletic Director Sweet Honored 
Judith Sweet. UCSD athletic director, was named 

the 1992 Administrator of the Year by the National 
Association of Collegiate Women Athletic Administra-
tors. 

More than 500 women intercollegiate athletic ad-
ministrators are represented by the NAOIVAA, repre-
senting many of the nation' s colleges. universities and 
conference offices. 

Sweet gained national recognition last year when 
she was chosen as the first woman president of the 
National Collegiate Athletic Association and the first 
president of the NCAA from a Division III school. She 
has been director of athletics at UCSD since 1975. 

VIsItcn ~ orfers Free 
C8mpus TOIn by .... or Foot 

Two free tours of the UCSD campus are now being 
offered by the UCSD Visitors Program. There are two 
different tours available - one by bus. and one on foot. 

The bus tours are available on the first and third 
Sundays of each month and begin at 3 p.m. from the 
Gilman lnfonnation Booth. 

The walking tours are offered on alternate Sundays. 
except Easter. Memorial Day. and UCSD graduation day 
on June 13. These tours also begin at the Gilman Info 
Booth. 

Service began on Oct. 11 and Reservations can be 
made by calling 5344414. 

San Diego Blood ... To Accept 
Blood DonatIons 

The San Diego Blood Bank will be visiting UCSD with 
its Bloodmobile to accept donations. The Bloodmobile 
will be present to provide services and infonnation on 
blood donor requirements. 

The blood drive will take place at the UCSD Price 

Center on Nov. 4. 5 and 6 from 10 a.m-3 p.m. and at 
the Scripps Institute of Oceanography. in the service 
yard, on Nov. 4 from 9 a.m.-l p.m. 

Donors are encouraged to bring their Donor J.D. 
cards and to eat before donating. T-shirts will be given 
to all donors and no appointment is necessary. 

Jewt.h Spaak .. To Tel 
of Escape from OppIa •• lon 

Two speakers will be on campus to retell their 
stories of escape from Sarajevo and Russia. Rosa 
Berliovich. from Russia, and Tamara Nikolic. from 
Sarajevo. will be speaking at the International Center 
on Thursday. Nov. 6 In a Reform Shabatt Service 
sponsored by United Jewish Appeal. 

The speech is part of "Thank You America." a 
program which sponsors dili:Cussions by Jews who have 
escaped from their oppress/Ye homelands and ~ 
tumed to Israel. The speakers then tnMtl around the 
world talki~ about their experiences. UCSD Is one of 
only three stops that the two women will be making In 
the United States. 

Melissa Anes. Co-chalr of United Jewish Appeal at 
UCSD. said that all are welcome to attend the speech 
and dinner which begins at 6 p.m. 

Ma Ileal Experts To Conduct 
PaIlle ........ WorIwhop 

A free workshop that will explain the facts about 
Panic Disorder. a common disorder that disrupts many 
people's lives, will be held on Thursday. Nov. 12 at the 
ScottIsh Rite Center. Experts from the UCSD School of 
Medicine. the Center for Anxiety and Stress Treatment 
and the San Diego Phobia Foundation will be on hand 
to talk about risk factors. symptoms, and the latest 
treatments for Panic Disorder. 

FRANCISCO DeVRIES, News Editor SENIOII STAFF WIIITEItS: Jenny Galan • . Dan Krauss . Matthew RobInson 
ST""" WflITEIII: Elaine Camuso. Kirsten Hal\ierson. Gaye JoMSon. Roderick 

l~. Theresa Moore. Murali Moorthy. Julie Pal< . Ely Rabanl . Karl Saul. Ale •• J. 
Snerman. Julie snerman 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Marl¥rw Editor 
SHMIDI-~ Cow Editor 

RENE IIlUCIII&, Assoc:Hie Gtaphics EJJItor 
KAREN CtENa, Associare News EdIr:Ir 

BEN FREUND, Features Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McOOWEI.L. POOto Editor 

PHI.P MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
IEFF NESB.., Hiatus Editor 

JASON RITCHE, MsocIate Photo Editor 
Mr ROOT, ASSOCiate .s,:ms Editor 

IWef SCIIANI'ON, Associate ()pWoo Editor 
U:MItE SlCU" AssoclD NtIws EcIIDr 
DAVI) SNOW, .4ssx:iIrB FeaQI8s EdftDI' 

.... um .. , $Dts EdIIa 

DESMIII CONSUlTANTS: MlCuel Buckenmeyer. James Collier 
IlUIITIIATCIIIS: NMhan Erlin. Speed Fan1s. Jennner Hart. Alan lun<liren. 
AOrtano MuI\oz. Kille Roe. AI Spona 
Dllre'lIIII: Wilson CheunC. Theresa Myrtle. KatIe Roe 
_1'OIIIAI'MRI: SIClelt DIll. Sidney lyncn. Paul ~ey. JennllerMatlhews. 
lor1 MItdIeII. Chuck ~ . .len"r V .. n 
COPY IIIADIIIS: Mlcllelle cniana. NOn Miller. D..rG R_ JeUIe SIIftIWIr 
ADVDnuJI ~AIfT: Tn toll . 

_ DellI ..... BusNa....,., 
..... PDWII. AMrIIIi'W""'" _MMIIU,~~ 
L~~.~ __ '" 

Thurll4la~. Ot·tol>t'r 29. 199'2 

New Scripps Aquarium 
Draws Record Crowds 
By Shannon Stein 
Guardian Reporter 

Although IxIrely open a month. the 
new Stephen B irch Aquarium-Museum 
has alre4ldy been deemed a success. 
Since the Sepc. 16 opening day 3.1m-
4.{XX) people per da)' have packed the 
new facility on weekends. according 10 
Director of Public Affairs Cindy C1art. 

'1"he aquarium-museum is doing 
quile well. We are overwhelmed by its 
popular attendance. We are advi 'ing 
people to ani ve right whentheaquarium-

mll~umopensortocorneafter3p.m,," 
CI:Irk said. 

According to Clark, the aquarium-
museum has experienced no operJtion 
problems so far. 

Over 35 employed Slaff members 
take care of the fish, assist with educa-
tional programming and run the admin-
istrat ion Slaff. 

Director of Public Progroll11S Ruth 
Shelley commented enthusiastically on 
the quality of aquarium employees. 

'1"he staff is great. They are le:lrning 
how to deal with new situations every 
day. WearejUSl worklngouithe -kinks' 
;U1d getting used to the increase in the 
water system." she said. 

Several exhibits have been created 
for the new aquarium, which has three 
times the exhibit space of the previous 
aquarium facility. 

One such exhibit uses eight large 
tanks and contains a tropical fish and 
coral assortment from Fiji 

According to Clark, these tanks will 
change once every year to focus on a 
new section of the ocean. 

Fish from Vanuatu will be featured 
next Sqxember. 

C1ark said the aquarium exhibits 
fish and sea life from diverse habiClls 
and locations. 

"Our fish and marine life are from 
the PacifIC Northwest, the California 
coastline. Mex ico and the Sea of Cortez. 
and the South PacifIC." she said. 

According to Clark, the main mis-
ion of the aquarium istoeducatepeople 

on fish and mruine life. Volunleer.; and 
donors instruct visiting children about 
the sea. 

Over 50.(0) school-aged children 
are expected to vi it the facility Ye:lrly, 
and two large classrooms have been 
constructed for this purpose. 

';Our main goal is nOl to entertain 
people." CI:Irk said. 

"We want people ro have fun at the 
aquarium but learn as well. We do noI 
offer shows as many aquariums do. 
However. every time our scuba diver.; 
go into the kelp tanlcs to clean or feed rhe 
fish, it always draws a crowd of people 
to watch." she said. 

llleaquanum-museumoffersmany 
infom1ational trips to educate people on 
the wonders of lhe sea. including a 
voyage to the San 19na~io Lagoon in 
Baja Califomia to see the migration of 
grey whales. Also, two-hour whale-
Watching nips will be offered in January 
and February. 

The aquarium-museum is self-suf-
ficient and receives no Slate funding. 
Income is derived solely from admis-
sion and bookshop revenues. Admis-
sion is $6.50 for adults, $5.50 forseniors 
60 and over, $4.40 for active military 
member.; and students and $3.50 for 
children ages four-12. Children under 
four are free. 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
Student CoopenItIw.-The Associated Students are still considering an 
agreement between the co-ops and the university in an effort to save the co-ops. 
The A.S. hired legal counsel to serve as a consultant and representative during 
the negotiations. The co-op's eviction notice will take effect this Saturday. Oct. 
31. unless an agreement can be reached before that time. Though a tentative 
agreement has been drawn uP. no fonnal decision has been made. After Oct. 
31. the university may legally take direct action to remove the co-ops from 
campus. 

_ .. DIlly Vote For lludCeI-The University of California Student Association 
(UCSA) voted to support the Majority Vote Initiative. which would change the 
requirements for passi~ a state budget from a 2/3 vote to a straight majority 
vote. Currently. a 2/3 majority is needed in either House to pass a budget. This 
means that only 15 members out of 120 can block a budget proposal. The 
External Affairs Office will be circulating initiative petitions in order to get the 
measure off the 1993-94 ballot. This would be an alternative to Proposition 
165. which gives the govemor a large amount of control over the budget. 

U ............ ibIIIw-The A.S. is conSidering adding a Greek 
representative from the IFC/Panhellenic Association to the A.S. Council to 
serve as an ex-offtcio member. Vote was left to open role until Friday, 4 p.m. 

A.S. ..... , .. entallve PGIItIon rt.nowed-The A.S. removed the represen-
tative position of ASUCSD Sports Director from the council as unnecessary. 

__ IL .1Ib: 
-Bik-Na Park was appointed Member-At-Large to Rules Committee. 
-Audrey Iwata, appointed Rnancial Assistant. 
-Alan Shlpiro. appointed Assistant Progranvner. Publicity. 

-By PhIlip Cole, Guardian Reporter 

ERRATUM 
In the Oct. 26 issue of the Guordioll. the article entitled "Student Regent Says 

Fee Hikes Certain" incorrectly quoted AS. President Mike Holmes. He wa.~quoted 
as saying thai the A.S. had vOIed unanimously against the imposition of differenlial 
fees. The AS. council did not V()(e on the subject until Wednesday. Oct 28. when 
it passed by consensus. The G"ardioll regrets this error. 

COMING SOON ... to a neYtSpaper near you, 

Special Election 1992 Coverage 
Watch/or it in th, "/X'on/ing Nov. 2 and Nol'. 5 isslles o/tll, Guardian. 

Tit .. UCSD Guardinn NEWS 3 

Excerpt. from the aa.lc Principle. for A.5./GSA/Co·op. Arrangement 
This is a tentative proposal distributed by University 
General Counsel Joanna Beam. The co-ops have ex· 
pressed reservations about some aspects of the pro-
posal as it stands. 

organizations may request the A.S./GSA that they be 
covered pursuant to the same tenns and conditions 
available to the co-ops. 

• The A.S .• GSA. co-ops and UCSD administration agree 
that in order to continue negotiations regarding the 
assumption of liability. responsibility and oversight of 
the Co-ops by the GSA. the UCSD administration shall: 
(1) stay the notices to quit which were served on the co-
ops ... for a period of thirty days. and (2) agree not to file 
any complaints against the co-ops or its members for 
alleged violations of the UCSD Policies and Procedures 
applying to students. 

• General Store Co-op may reserve space in the North 
Conference Room at times that are mutually agreeable to 
[itl and the University Center Director [Jim CarruthersJ. 
This space shall be subject to the same tenns per square 
foot as outlined in ... the Basic Agreement. 

• Every year. on or before Oct. 1. the co-ops shall submit 
to the A.S. and the GSA a report on each of the co-op's 
operations for the previous fiscal year (July l ·June 30). 
This report shall include and be based on at least the 
following items: 

- The co-ops will have the option to request an expansion 
of their spaces. New and existing registered student 

• CPA regular audit reports. 
• Co-ops' year-end financial statements. 

CO-OPS: Two 
days left before 
eviction deadline 
Continued from page 1 

Among the changes W;L~ the inclu-
sion of relit for the use of the Nonh 
Conference Room during texrbook 
sales and ()(her retail evenll>, Corben 
said. 

.. , thought we had an agreement 
and this kind of pis.<;e<i me off ... we 
need to sitdownagain if[rheadminis-
trationl wants to change Ihings:' he 
said. 

Coroen said he remains hopeful 
that an agreement can be reached 
quickly. He said most of the changes 
made in the proposal were "subcle," 
but that an agreement before t he dead-
line may be impossible. 

The latest proposal is ,imilar to 
one that was rep;ted last June. The 
main differences include the gmnting 
of student organization Slatus for the 
C<H>pS and an interim agreement that 

does nOl require the A.S. to immedi-
ately take full accountability. 

Corben said Ihal it was fnL'iffilling 
that the administmtion waited until the 
I;L<;\ minute to ch:lnge it~ position. He 
alsocalled the eviction papers a "M:are 

~ICI ic " to give rhe adm ini!.{rmion more 
levemge in neg()(iation~. 

AS. Presidenr Mike Holrne~ ~Iid 
that the A.S. council. on the advice of 
its new legal counsel, .h:l~ nOl com-
mented officially olfii1c! proposal. 

Holmes did. hoWever. anend the 
meeting and ~Iid that " it went very 
positively ... for once. people were 
looking at each OIher in the face." 

The council vO(ed last night ro 
retain attorney John Fmncis to work 
towards autonomy and to examine 
how to best work with rhe co-ops. 

UCB 01air 01riS Burnett said that 
the board h:l~ nOl yet con~idered the 
co-op proposal officially. but that the 
board is likely to agree to the proposal 
if some autonomy is maintained. 

Burnett W;L~ also concerned over 
the adminiMmtion changing the pro-

UCB Chair Chris Burnett. 

posal oUl~ide of the negotiations. ''I'm 
wary of! the change, I ... it's re:Jlly hard 
to acceplthar their neg()(ialions are in 
good faith:' he s;lid. 

ll1eadrnini!.{mtion"in no IV:lywant' 
to work with tl1c! UCB." Burnett added. 

Bumen also said the board is "still 
con\idering 111e pos~ibility of a lawsuit 
over [administration control overl stu-
dent fee use." 

APPAREL ZONE 

Octoberfest 
Clothing Clearance Sale!! 

50%-90% offmcn's, women's and 
children 's clothing from department stores, 

rt:toUlcrs, catalogues and mloufactu rcrs. 

This Week Onlyl 
ult( .m lIddullm.ll 

15% OFF 
Your Total Purchase 

Valid thru No ... 4 

Come in costume on Halloween and 
take an additional 5% off 

SDSU Mjram.u 
6663 EI Cajon 8lvd. 8250 C.mino San .. F • 

46Hl?O .so-3J2J 

~~ i' 0 



I OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK. Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT. Managing Editor 

FRANCISCO D£VRIES. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS. Opinion Editor 

The UCSD GuartJlI!.n ,s pubhshed twICe • week at lne UnNeriltY of Call1om,,. S." o.eeo Conten1S 
1992 V~S ekj)fHsed here.n lel)(tsent the ma,onty YOte of the edltOfI" bOard. end are not 
neeelS.',1y tnose of lne UC BoarCf 01 Reaents. the ASUCSO. f'I()( the enure GuatCI;an Slaff 

Vote 'No' on Proposition 165 
Of the nUlllerou~ problem~ facing the ,tate of California. perhap~ 

the t wo bigge\t are the budgct proce~., and t he we I f arc, y,te Ill. learly. 
both are III dire need of refoml. So Propo\ltlon 165. which would give 
the governor increa-.ed power.. to balance Ihe budget a, well a, cut 
ha 10. on welfare paymcnt,. malo.e\ perfect ~en-.e. right? Hard ly. 

TI1Crc urI.' ,evcral bo.:ncficial propo,al, in Propo, illon 165. It would 
doclo. the govemor\ and Ihe Icgi .. lalOr\ · pay If the budget I~ not 
balullced or enacted hy the bo.:ginl1l11g of thc nc\'" li'GiI ye,lr. It would 
aho give the govCIlH)r \lImlal power, that governor, 11144 other 'tate, 
alrcudy Iwve. FUl1hel1110re. the govemor cou Id not r;.II\c ta\e~ or cut 
education when a hudgct imp:!"e i, reached. I1d 1110,t IInp0r1ant l . 

Propo~itlon 165 recognile~ thai welfare ,Iwuld be tcmporary a"i\-
lance. not a pen11anent way of life. 

Howevcr. the ,lutllor.. of Propo,i ti on 165 .. ,10. for too IllU h. 
olhequently.thc propo\al become, lo,t induplicitou, language. For 

example. Propo .. ition 165 \uppo-.edl) allow\ the legi\lature to over-
ride any action~ by the govem r. 

However. Propo~itiol1 165 aho implie~ lhat any legi\lative action 
Il1U~t be approved by the govemor. including any ovel1ides of his 
deci!>ion. This i~ a con~tituti nul l-afeguard we Cl1nnot afford to 
ovel1urn. 

While Proposition 165 reduces welfare payment~. il faib to pro-
vide any altemative~. such a~ jobs or training. nor doc). it adequately 
addre~~ the key issue of welfare fmud. A poorly worded propo~ition 

i~ no an~wer to the problems facing this ~tate . TIle GUlirdiall ~trongly 
urge~ you to vote" 0" on Propo~ition 165. 

Vote 'No' on Proposition 166 
Affordable health care i~ fast becoming impol1ant to a growing 

numberofCalifomiuns. especially in these Ul1cel1ain economic times. 
Many Californians cannot afford health insurance. and those that can 
are usually at the mercy of in umnce companies. But any serious 
allempt to ref 01111 this state's heahh care system must not hun the very 
people it intends to help. It is for that reason that Propo~ition 166 is 
monumentally idiotic. 

Under Proposition 166. all employers would be required to provide 
health insurance 10 employees and their families if the employees 
work at least 17.5 hours a weekor70hoursamonth. foralleast60days 
a year. 

The lunacy in this proposal is apparent almost immediately. Small 
businesses will simply be unable to afford such a radical health care 
scheme. and they will either go oul of business or be forced to layoff 
employees. 

Even employees of larger businesses could be hUll . Student 
employees at the University of California. for example. could be 
adversely affected.1l1eoretically. students working over 17.5 hours 
per week would receive insurance. but in reality. this would not be the 
case. Already limited to 19 hours per week. students would see their 
hours reduced further in order for the university to avoid providing 
insurance. Consequently. proposition 166 would eat away at wages. 

Proposition 166 is a misguided atlempt 10 address a serious issue. 
Health care ref 01111 should control costs and benefit the citizens of 
California. This proposal does neither. We strongly urge you to vote 
"No" on Proposition 166. 

No Endorsement on ~ 167 
The Guardial/ editorial board could not reach a consensus on 

Proposition 167. 1l1is measure would increase state tax mte for top 
personal income taxpayers, corporations. and insurers. For example. 
it would impose a new oil severance tax. Furthel1l11ore. Proposition 
167 would repeal 1991 sales tax increases and provide renters' credits. 

Some members of the editorial board felt that this measure would 
adequately tighten the numerous loophole in California taxes. 1l1ere 
i a need for a more progressive tax scheme to lighten the burden on 
poor and middle-<:Iass taxpayers. Proposition 167. they felt. would 
provide relief to these taxpayers while making higher income taxpay-
ers and corporations pay their fair share. This would free up more 
money in the state's budget for education and health care. 

Other members of the editorial board believe that given the current 
rece sion. any tax increases, no matter how fair. would do greater 
hann than good. It would be particularly damaging to tax corporations 
at a time when businesses are leaving the state in droves. This would 
cost more jobs and worsen California's already bleak financial 
situation. 

The Guardian offers no endorsement on Proposition 167. 

TIlt' Ur.SO GlUm liall 

DON~T ROCK THE VOTE 
COMMENTARY: As the nation heads for the polls next week, the M1V 

generation should just stay home and read The Federalist Papers 

BEN 

mtJK 

If Madonna has her way. as 
many as 25 million young people. 
fearing the sting of the pop diva's 
palm on their behinds. will shuffle 
into the polls ne~t Tuesday and 
cast their votes for the next Presi-
dent of the United States. They will 
all sleep soundly knowing they 
"rocked the vote". made their 
voices heard and showed those 
cynical fat-cat pols in Washington 
that the kids really do care. 

Well. probably not. In the 21 
years since the 26th amendment 

granled 18-20-year-olds the right to vote. the ~o-called 
"youth vote" has never played a significant role in the 
outcome of a presidential election. According to the 
United States Student Association. the 
largest student lobbying organization 
in the land, only 36 percent of 18-2~­
year-olds cast ballots in 1988. Al-
though the tide of student activism 
seems to be swelling this year. it seems 
highly unlikely thai the vote will be 
"rocked" - ranled a bit. perhaps. but 
not shaken up enough to make much 
of a difference. 

Young people don't vote. and - at 
the risk of alienating this particular 
audience - it' a good thing. too. 
Conventional wisdom holds that kids are too apathetic 
and self-centered to vote - bul. then again. so are a lot 
of people. I would like to think that the reason why most 
18-24-year-olds don't vOle is because they are smart 
enough to know that they're too dumb to make an 
infonned decision. 

After all. can there be anything good in knowing that 
Billy and lenny are going to vote next week because "Ion 
Bon Jovi thinks it's cool?" Can there be any comfort 
knowing that Bill Clinton is somehow the "youth candi-
date" because he appeared on the cover of Rollillg Stoll" 
and answered a couple of softball questions Tabitha 
Soren tossed his way on MTV7 

Young people are idealistic. heady and. above all. 
gullible. In short. they are democracy personifted. Let a 
politician say he "appreciates" their situation and see 
their ears perk up. let him advocate "student autonomy" 
and see their eyes gleam. Let him pmnise lower tuition 
and more scholarship money and see their tongues wag 
and their feet stomp. But a. .. k him to deliver after election 
day and see them shamed by his condescension. 

What do students wan!'! A good. affordable educa-
tion. certainly. If America is to remain great. an educated 
populace is e~..entiat. The availability of a well·paying 
job after gr.tduation is ;lIlother I:oncem weighing heavily 
on the minds of the young. as it should. No one wants to 
be unemployed. 25-yean. old and living at honle. 

But somehow. along the way. other i~,ues have 
managed to (:reep inlo Ihe "student agenda," National 
health insurJnce. a clean environment. unfenered repro-
ductive rights. and a litany o( other appeals to "social 
justice" have all somehow become essential parts of the 
right to a proper education. Above all is the demand for 
a greater voice in government. 

"We are not interested in increa~ing the student vote 
because voting i~ a part of good citizenship:' the USSA 
says in its vOling guide. "We want to increase the student 
vote because we want to build student power:' Oh joy. 

Roger Kuo/Gu.Wlm 

Another special intere!>ot group to bog 
down the legislative process. Another 
political action (;omminee to clamor 
in the halls of the capitol. Another 
piglet scr.tmbling for the tired and 
sagg ing breast of mother government. 

The problem with the youth vote is 
essentially just that - .1'011'/1. Young 
people are intemper.ne. immature. self-
indulgent. irresponsible. inexperi-
enced. ~hallow and bra.o;h. It· s no won-
der why Bill Clinton is so popular 
among college students. He appeals to 

their vigor and ideali~m. But where is the sulNance? He 
calls for change and makes plenty of pie-in-the-sky 
appeals to the power of government. but good rhetoric 
does not always tmnslate into sound policy. 

Nor does the answer lie with George Bush. He. like 
Clinton. is a political hack. He "talks the talk." but3S the 

I~t four year.; have demonstrated. he is either incapable 
or unwilling to "walk the walk:' However. unlike his 
democratic opponent. Bush is not nearly a.~ slick. In the 
confonnist and politically-correct '90s. Clinton's hOI. 
Bush is not. 

This summer I spent a sizeable portion of time 
interviewing students for a story about the so-called 
"generation gap" between the two major candidates. A 
vast majority said they supported Clinton. When a..,ked 
why, they provided some unique respon.<iC .. 

One student in particular wa.~ extremely enlighten-
ing. "Because he' s not <Joorge Bush." said this budding 
pundit from the Univer.;ity of Illinois. Intrigued I a.'iked 
the studenr if he cared to elaborJIC. He paused for what 

See VOlE, page 7 

Thu..,..lu~, o,'lullt'r 29. 1992 

A HEALTHY 
ALTERNATIVE 
FOR AMERICA 
Ca.ENI'ARY: The United 
States should tum to Ewope 
for possible-solutions to its 
current health care problems 
By Wendy McNeIll 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

In November oflast year. the Leeds Student 
Union. the English univer.;ity·s equivalent to 
UCSD's Associated Students. provided student 
funds so that women could obtain abortions on 
demand. A sweeping majority of the vO(ing 
·rudents. about 2.000 of whom [mended a ~pe­
cial "town meeting:' approved a measure so 
thal £3000 (roughly $6.(00) would be allocated 
for this purpose. Any Leeds University ~tlldel1l 
who could not get an atxmion through the 
National Heath Service. England's ~ocialized 
medical system. would be able to afford a pri-
vate physician to tellllinate an unwanted preg-
nancy. 

Imagine a UCSD where a rapt stude III audi-
ence. packed into the Price Center Ballroom. 
vigorously applauded a spokesperson from the 
Women's Resource Center for her success in 
founding such a fund. Imagine a UCSD where 
the Associated Students supported monetarily 
an initiative involving any mass ively volati le 
issue. Imagine a UCSD where the administra-
tion agreed with the A.S. 

In UCSD reality. student and the adminis-
rration are so consumed by political maneuver-
ing. they can hardly agree on "socially accepl-
able" names for buildings. much les~ delegate 
funds to individuals for private health needs. In 
accord with national tradition. the univer.;ity 
has avoided the responsibility of tackling pro-
found problem in the student body. in contraM 
to our European counterparts. From an Ameri-
can perspective. the univer.;ity is in business to 
educate and to perfonn research. not to tamper 
with the underpinnings of reproductive free-
dom. 

Similarly. the university policy is not par-
ticularly concerned with the gmduate tudent 
who needed an appendectomy or sympathetic 
to the pre-med undergraduate with unbearable 
migraines. As it is now constructed, UCSD 
student health insurance covers a bare mini-
mum of services. and an unfortunate tudent 
could graduate not only with loans for fees. but 
unpaid medical bill . 

So be it. If our federal government does not 
think it is appropriate to vaccinate its popu lation 
at the expense of the taxpayers, then how could 
one expect student-based entities 10 fund costly 
procedures that confront issues of religion or 
personal responsibility: Logically, one could 
not. but it is rrue that England, a country that 
shares our language, is tied by vast cu Itural 
bonds, and is also ethnically diverse, has man-
aged to balance political and economic consid-
erations and still care for ils people. 

In the examples above. UCSD operates like 
a microcosm of our federal government, since 
this society does not see individualized care as 
a national. or collective. responsibility. This 
anitude is destructive. however, because people 
need to be healthy to function properly. and not 
all people have the economic resources at a 
given point in time to provide for their own care. 

With the upcoming election, our society 
must decide on its fiscal commilmems. Will we 
remain a war-based economy that pumps the 
highest percentage of tax dollars into defense. or 
will we follow in the European Community's 
footsteps and make health issues the national 
priority? 

Although some might disagree, the empha-
sis on national health policy does not reduce the 
United Stales toa second-rate world power. nor 
does it coddle perceived "social leeches:' The 
aim of any self-proclaimed world leader should 
be to maintain the well-being of its citizens: 
doing so does IlOI decrease overall quality, but 

See MEDICINE, Page 7 

Tht- lJr.SD Cuunlilln OPINION ;) 

~: The multi-racial messages of Bob Marley and Derek Walcott 
suggest that culture cannot be considered the property of any one group of people 

BI-RACIALARTISTS FOR ALL RACES 

GREGORY 

STEPHEnS 

Can music or any 
other cultural fonn 
be realistically con-
sidered racial prop-
erty? To debate the 
issue. allow me to 
(re)inlroduce you 10 
Bob MarJey and 
Derek Walcott. two 
bi -racial anists with 
a mulli-rJcial audi-
ence. and to bell 
hook and Nadine 
Gordimer. a black 

American feminist. and a South African Nobel 
Prize-winning novelist who take opposing sides 
on the issue. 

In the MuirCollege Writingcla~ses I teach. 
~tudents who are mo~tly white ;lI1d mostly 
con~ervative have to read :t wide range of 
writers who are mostly Africnn-American . 
Asian·American. Latino or fel11ini~t. The aim 
is to encourage students to rethink both their 
own preconceptions and those of Ihe authors 
they are reading. 

An essay by bell hooks called "Coming to 
Voice" has inspired the mO~1 debate. At one 
point. she de~cribes attending a Jimmy Cliff 
concen "dominated by young white people." 
When Cliff tried the "Africa for Africans" 
call-and-response chant. "there wa~ suddenly 
a hush in the room .... They were~ilent. appar-
ently unable to share inthi~ ge~1ure aftimling 
black solidarity:' 

We di cussed other po~sible interpreta-
tions of this scenario. Maybe the li~teners 
didn'l know what Cliff wa~ talking aboul. 
Maybe they knew very well what he was 
saying and didn't feel that they had the right to 
join in. Or maybe they ju~t weren' t familiar 
with how call-and-response works. 

I thought about this when I [mended tl)e 
recent UCSD Reggae Fe~tival. The perfonn-
ers were aimosl all black. and the audience was 
mostly white. It was a totally different vibe 
than what I'm used to in the Bay Area. It 
seemed more like a beach party than an ex-
pression of political and cultural solidarity. 

Even though I've been listening to reggae 
forthreedecades now and was a songwriter for 
a reggae/funk band in Austin. Texasduring the 

Roger Kuo/ Guard,an 

I 980s. a part of me felt distant while Foundn· 
tion sang aboul blad solidarity. It \Va,n ' tthal 
I didn't agree with mo~t of the Ille~~age. It had 
more to do wilh a growing resist;mce 10 an 

lIn~polo.en aS~lIll1plion so often dominating 
"black" (:uhural even ts - you "now. "It', a 
black thang. you wouldn't undeN:Jnd ," 

Hoo"~ claims 1ll0~t white peoplt: don 't 
Io.now whal Bob Marley means when he !>oi ng~ 
"W C' refllsl! 10 he \I'''ar yo" II·WlfC'tllI.\· III lie," I 
find that awfully presumptuou~. Marley W;l~ 
not jusl a "black" arti,l. He wa~ the love-dlild 
of a white man and a black woman. Hb mu;,i(: 
cOlllbinedtheexciusiveconcem;,of"Blac"man 
Redemption" with the inclu~ivt: concems of 
"One Love." 

Who would c!Jim only Jews can under-
~tand ChriMianity j ll~t becau~e Je~u~ wa., a 
Jew'! It he1p~ to "now ~omelhing ;Iboul Ihe 
cultureoflhe me\\enger. but if the me~~age b 
big enough. it will tran;,cend the balTier.. of 
race. geography and time. 

Somebody once a~ked M;lrley which ;, ide 
of hi~ heritage he idel1lified with. "Me don't 
dipon the black man'~ side or the white man \ 
side:' he answered. "Me dip on God '~ ~ide. 
who cause me to come from black and white. 
who give me this talent." 

Another bi-racial Caribbean poet. Derek 
Walcot!. was awarded lhe Nobel Prize for 
Litemture on Oct. R. The academy cited hb 
"historical vbion. the outcome of a multi· 
culluml commitment." In reaction. Walcott 
observed that "all race~ of lhe world" are 
present in lhe C;lribbean. The culture they are 
creating together represents a "tremendous 
possibility of an example of unity." 

Both ofWalcott's grandfathers were Euro-

pean. and both of his grandmother.; were 
African. In the poem "Another Life."he refers 
to himself as "'he dil'ided chilc/ of '''1' It'l'Oll1ol 
c(J/or. "In "A Far Cry From Africa." he posed 
the question: "How choose/Deflt'cC'1I Ihis Af-
rica a/ld Ihl! Ellg/i~'" ,O/w,e Ilwlllm'C' :''' In his 
art. Walcon chose nOI to choose. to let these 
voices co-exist. 

A character in one of his poem~ rem:llb: '" 
iraI'(' Dllleh. "i.~,1:cr ill/d Ellgli.I·/t ;/1 /lie/Ami 
eilhcr I'lIIl/oiloC/y. ill' /'111 lIlIlIlioll." It is clear 
that Walcott. like Marley. come, from and 

~peah to an emerging multiracial nalion. 
Walcott', Nobel Prize i~ proof th:ll even the 

"main~tre;II11 " i~ now recognizing Ihat Ihe 
multicultural vo ice -;1 voic~ not of purity but 
of cross-fcnilization - is the voirt: of the 
future. 

Anolher obel Prize·11 inning aUlhor who 
wrue!>o fromtht: "margin~." adine Gordimer. 
gave ;1 le(:ture on c:lmpu~ earlier thi, month. 
Gordimcr i, a "whitt: woman" from acountry. 
South Africa. b.:,l known for a brutal fonn of 
racial oppre~'ioll. apanheid. 

But Gordimerha~ b.:en a memberof el!oCn 
Mandela'~ African N:ltional Congre~~ fordt:-
cades. and i, a "frt:edom tighter" ill her own 
right. "Black voice:-" are an impOl1anl parl of 
her fiction . 

After her ~peech. I ;l~ ked Gordimer what 
~Oll of SUppoll or resi~tan e ~he encouillered 
from her peer.. for her u>c of blae!,. voice~. She 
gave Ille a hard look a~ ifll1lighl bea knee·jerk 
American Irying to lecture her about racial 
boundarie,. 

''TIle que'tion 'how can YOIl wrilc about 
black~ whe.l you' re white'!' only come~ up in 
the out~ide world." !>ohe ,aill. They didn 'tlook 
at it that way in SOllth Afric:!. "Black wrilel'll 
know some thing~ about white, that white~ 
don ' t know aboutthem,elve,. and while wril-
ers can ,ee ~ome thing, in bl,lcb thai bl;ll'~' 
c;m't !>oee in them1oelve,. I don't ,ec why II 
~hould be a problem." 

nlUI ~truc" me :l' a vcry ,en,ible and 
healthy pe~pective. and fUl1herprooftomeof 
how nat ive are many of America'~ racial 
obsession;,. I wonder if hook~ cou ld ac(:ept 
thaI. A, the lead chamcter in the new movie 
"Zebrahead"1oay~. "C:m you accept it-black 
and white together - like thisT 

SLANTED REPORTING ApPARENT IN RUSH STORY 
Editor: 

In "Rushed Friendships" (Oct. 26), Ms. 
Jane Repath provides proof of the abject lack 
of joumalistic integrity by "Spectacle" report-
ers and demonstrates the need for the overhaul 
of the Guardiall editorial staff. The reponing 
was slanted and biased and the piece, if run, 
should have been placed in the opinion sec-
tion. There are a number of untruths and 
misstatements that Ms. Repath conjures and 
deserve comment. 

From (Jilt! source. Ms. Repath implies that 
pledges at UCSD are hazed. Thi is a serious 
and slanderous charge which is unfounded. As 
a graduate advisor to Phi Gamma Delta. I can 
categorically state that our organization does 
not haze its member.;, As a member of the 
UCSD Fraternity Advisors Board. I can cat-
egorically state that all organizations affiliated 
with the IFC and Panhellenic are legally re-
quired to have a zero tolerance position toward 
hazing. 

Across the country fraternities have taken 
active steps to totally eliminate this behavior. 
The national offICe of Phi Gamma Delta. I ike 
many other fratemities. imposes a minimum 
$ IO'<XXl fine upon chapter officers if hazing 
occurs. 

The majority ofindividuals participating in 
Rush are selected by a fraternity or sorority. 
Men and women who investigate a number of 
chapters almost always find an organization 

READERS' 

FDHUM 
1IIeGuartlI,., lI'I!~oommenrslh:lmils reaCIerS. Nllerrers 
must be 1)I)ed. i1OIJOIe.sp8Ced. afI(J no laVer than three 
P8fItI5. LeIters Should also be s/t6l8d and oontaln a phooe 
nll7lber, We msen.e the tW/It to edit fry iefIIth and Clarlty. 
S<bnisslof1s may be dropped otr at our olllce on file second 
floor of the old Student Center or mailed ro: 

The Guardian 
OpInion Editor 

9500 GIman Dr. 0316 
La x.. CA 92903a316 

that welcomes them. Without providing any 
conlext. Ms. Repath reports that one group 
selected only 19 men out of a group of80. She 
fails to note that most of those men were 
looking at two or more chapters at the same 
time. many deciding to pledge elsewhere. 

Rush. when conducted properly. place~ the 
majority of the burden for making contact on 
the existing member.;. Individuals who were 
rushing who believed it was necessary to "sell 

themselve~" forgot thala more important func· 
tion of Rush is for Greek organizalions to 
present their values. gO:lls and ideals. Rush is 
not about making superficial impressions. but 
rJther. making infornled and mature deci· 
sions. 

Ms. Repalh implies that Greek organiza· 
tions revolve entirely around "unlimited free 
alcohol" and "pallies and chicks. " It is too bad 
that Ms. R~path found it necessllry to cite one 
individual who. ifhe was correctly quoted. has 
missed the true meaning of fraternity. In fact. 
Greek life is about friendship. service. schol-
arship and self-development. Most Greek or-
ganizations actually beiieve in these goals and 
do not pay lip service to high sounding words. 

Ms. Repath could also have l:l lked to the 
thousands of succe!'sful Greek alumni and 
graduates in San Diego who contribute to this 
community and volunteer hundreds of hours 
toward working with their Greek organiza· 
tions. They do so to try to partially repay what 
they have received fiOm these organizations 
and because of their lifelong dedication to the 
ideals they embody. 

In closing. I would ask that the GI/ardia/l 
print a public apology for Ms. Repath' s work 
and remove her:lnd Features Editor Ben Freund 
from the ~taff. Such actions :.cem wholly 
appropriate given the violations of joumalis· 
tic integrity that have occurred. 

W. Erik Bruvold 



6 PINION Tht> UC 0 Guarliian 

HOFFA-THE MAN, THE MYTH, THE PREDATOR 
SADRE: Just when you thought it was safe to go back into the water, Elvis retwns with a great white who's really from down under 
By Sam H ....... 
Contribut1rwt OpInion Writ." 

I waited about a week before re-
turning to the pot where I mel Elvis. 
I was fighting mind banles over my 
sanity and finally decided that ratio-
nal or no. I had to check things out. 

I kept nearly everything the same 
as before - lime. I a.m .. and place. 
Pacific Beach next to Crystal Pier. 
This time. however, I was stone<old 
sober. Maner of fact. I hadn't had a 
drink in a week. 

The beach was desened. It was a 
little cold and the surf was up because 
of a storm off Baja. I walked up and 
down the water's edge. looking in-
tensely for what I was halfway hoping 
nOI 10 find. Thirty minules laler I 
laughed to myself and turned forhome. 

"If you can't come around. use the 
telephone ... don't be cruel 10 a heart 
Ihat ..... 

Thevoicewasunmistakable. wax-
ing and waning with the ocean's roar. 
Then I saw him, ~hOOling out of a 
pipeline. riding thecurl. weaving back 
and fonh on the board. the silver 
leiters of the Raider'scap bouncing ~ 
he maneuvered. 

"EMs ... Eil'is ... OI'l!f IIere. " 1 called. 

He exited the wave like a pro and 
negO(iated the linle board to the 
water's edge. He Slill had on the while 
"I survived the Point Lorna sewer 
break" t-shUt. 

"Don't need no O(her Jove, baby 
it's just you I'm thinkin' of... 
Wassapanan man?" 

"It really is you." I said. "I wasn't 
hallucinating. All that Sluff about 
Zorgon the alien from pace turning 
you illlo a lobster and all. .. ii's real!" 

"Sure ... Wanna hear 'Love Me 
Tender?'" 

"Elvis, why did Zorgon change 
you?" 

"He does good deeds, man. He 
see , uffering and he's on if. .. mostly 
though, cause he's a rocker." 

"An alien rocker!" 
"Yeah. man. Digs Alice Cooper 

and Led Zeppelin. Dead Head, 100. 
Looks a little like Mid Jagger. only 
nO( as ugly." 

"Wow! Hey, Elvis." I said with a 
grin, .,[ got something fur you." I 
opened the package I Wa! carrying 
and set it in front of him. 

"Whoa ... steak and baked later, 
nil baby !" He plunged forward and 
began devouring the food. 

.. Not .... ...., ...",.? 
I~JOU'" 
willi the fWI." 

Speed Fems/ GuMli8tl 
Suddenly a giant fin reared OUI of 

the ocean followed by lhe colossal 
body of a great while shark, hurtling 
directly at me. lscrambJedbackwards, 
spinning through the sand. but the 
jaw were too fast and I knew I was a 
goner. 

"No.Jimmy, lie' S IIIy/rielld!"Elvis 
screamed. 

Thejaws stopped jusl as the points 
of the teeth touched my skin. I was 

paralyzed with fear. r lay there shak-
ing and hyperventilating as the shark 
receded and turned on its side. one 
eye out of the wilier. Then to my 
amazement it grunted. 

"Whatcha catin'?-
''Top sirloin," Elvis answered as I 

fainted. 
When I woke up Elvis was on my 

chest, lamming his tail into my ribs. 
''I'm OK," I said. and he stopped. 
"Doin' CPR is lough without hands 

man," he said, turning back. to his 
dinner. which had disappeared. bolt 
and all. 

"Damn )'0/1, Jimmy!" he yelled 
"I just hadda have il Elvis. It's 

been so long," replied Jimmy. 
"Oat was great. Nexuime bring da 

cow." 

Bythistimel was sure l wascr.1Zy. 
Certifiably. 

"Who are you?" I ask.ed the hark. 
"Dracula?" 

"Never knew thegem."he grunled. 
"Jimmy my man. this i ... who are 

you. man?" 
"Sam Halpern." I said. 
"Jimmy Hoffa. Sam Halpern:' 
.. ot 'he Jimmy Hoffa? Ithoughl 

you slepl wilh the fi h." 

"Funny," he grunted. "Lemme eal 
him, Elvis." 

"How did you Jel to be a sharkT' 
I asked. 

"Same story as me," said Elvis. 
"Dey was sendin' me for a mid-

night swim wil cement flippers aboul 
10 miles OUI from here. I was on my 
way down when dis light flash come 
and suddenly I'm like dis," 

"What happened then?" I asked. 
"Well. da boys who took me for a 

ride was sirun' in da linle boar havin' 
a drink and laugh in '. I crunched da 
boll and ale 'em. Little nibble here ." 
little nibble der ... pretty soon it adds 
up. Ate da boat too." 

"The boat too! Didn't it make you 
sick?" 

"Naw. LinIe rough a couple days 
later. bul sharIc.s i made to handle dat. 
Neverminddal, what'sdanew from 
da world of men? Da only BUY I see 
who can speak is Elvis. Da rest of 'em 
just scream." 

"So much you couldn't believe it. 
Jimmy," I said. 

"I'll fill you in nextrime. I have 10 
go now. My wife will be wondering 
where I am. Take care." And I wan· 
dered on home. 

Bush? Clinton? Perot? 
Confused? Don't be - Tum to the GuardiWl's Special 8ection Issue on Monday, November 2. 

I 
I 
I 

• Presidential Elections • The Senate Races 
• Local Races • The Year of the 'M:>ma1? 

TRICK OR TREAT 

NOBODY 
KNOWS 
LIKE 

How You Uke Pizza At. Home. 
CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

Hours: 
11 am-1 amSun.·Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

\IEDlL\l \IL\L DEAL! I I 

I LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! 
I TWO MEDIUM 

: $1075 : 
I I 
lONE MEDIUM 2-TOPPING I 

I 3-TOPPING PIZZAS I Off('rs",ld aft<.rqp_m only. o.lo'·eryorCa"youl. I Plea5e mention offf'r w~n ord('rin~. 
I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

I PIZZA & 2 COKES® I 
I Deh"ery orCarT)·<'IlI. PlNse IIlI'ntion off\>r" ~ I 
I ordenng. I 
I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD I 

I """ . ....,_.ny-- liP' I NoI.aldwlllllly __ • III! I lMNIod ............. Io..,.....oI ~......., .... Io ....... _ I <>1omg au. .... ." cony "" L I "''''"'II au. Itt¥trs CMY.... I 
",",,$2000 Upw"II ·"3I)~2 _""' .... ~ "'""$2000 e-1I'31)t2 ' L · -~~~~-
------------ -----------

• Ballot Measures 

• And oh so much more 

TIIIII'~tlu~. 0"101 ... ,· 29. 1c)<)2 

VOTE: If you can't 
think, stay out of the booth 
ContInued from PIICe 4 

mu~t have been three or four minutes. 
and finally replied: "Because he is 
evil." His reply wru. somewhat vague, 
so I asked him if he would kindly 
elaborate funher. He paused again. 
for what was perhaps another four or 
five minutes. and replied boldly: "Be· 
cause he was head of the CIA."There 
are many persuasive arguments to be 
made against re-electing Bush -
some from a conservative perspec-
tive - bullhi was not one of them. 

In fact. the remarks of that student 
from Illinois retlect the larger asinine 
consensusofthose with whom Ispoke. 
To wit: we like Clinton because he's 
nOl Bush. Not because we like his 
plan to "create a civilian advanced 
research agency that will ... develop 
renewable technologies and renew-
able fuel programs." Not because we 
wholeheartedly endorse hi scheme 
to "expand health services and educa-
lion programs in schools 10 provide 
primary and preventative services and 
to fight teen pregnancy and AIDS." 
Not even because we think talting the 
rich is keen: We' jll.ff dOI/' f/ike 8l1sll. 

So if my fears are at all correct. a 
sizeable throng of wide-eyed youths 
will march into the poll neXl week 
and "pull the donkey lever: ' as PJ. 
O'Rourke pUIS it. not because they 
like C1inton's vision for the future-
much less know what it is - but 
because they think Bill is one hip cat. 

A disgusting advertisement has 
been appearing with alarming regu-
larity on a local television station urg-
ing its viewers to vote "because you 
can." Nonsense. Citizens should cast 
their ballO( because they have a clue. 
nOl because their peers pressure them 
into the voting booth. 

The lesserofrwo (orthree) evils is 
SI ill evil. I f that is the decision SIU-
dents are forced to make. then belter 
to stay home and read the F('deralis/ 
Papers than cast a vOle for more ruin· 
ation and despair. 

MEDICINE: We 
should adopt a healthy 
attitude toward people 
ContInued from pap 5 
rather increases excellence. A na-
lional policy must include lhe provi-
sion of basic needs. like vaccinations 
al the very leru.t, to everyone. 

The difficulty in adopting a more 
social system of medicine is balanc-
ing the virtues and drawbacks of indi-
vidual versus govemment-operated 
health facilities. Clearly. it is nO( pos-
sible to map a European health care 
package. like England's NHS, di-
rectly onto the American model. for 
many different reasons. Mainly, the 
United States is 100 big for a strictly 
European system. 

However. there are aspects of so-
cial care that should be adopted in the 
United States. Primarily. it i the atti-
tude toward people and toward the 
right to health that would be the firsl 
step in improving our medical disas-
ters. Americans mUSl first develop a 
belief in lhe neces ity of common 
health care and then trJnSlale it into 
an appropriate economic commit-
menlo 

This is not to in i t on immediate 
or to(al dismantling of the current 
system. but on systematic reform. 
AffordabJe and partially funded medi-
cal care is imperative. 

In the ne~t few years. as Sludents 
face the "real world" and are shed 
from parental ilL~urance policies. the 
heakh initiatives of the nation and 
UCSD will definitely become of great 
personal importance. 

Til<" l IC!"O (;lIunliuII 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 

Complete 
Extended Soft Lenses 

B&tL Sofl Spin 8&L I().I 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas peml. hard Baby blue, hazel & 
Parapcrm 02 emerald. green 

30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• lon.1 S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llt)' Ey.c.r. 
• R ••• on.bl. Prlc •• 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 

5585 Claircmonl Mesa BI d. 39311 Adams Ave. 

(.ore hoi r~:-:-r;-:-r;-~ 
Q 

Come 
Back To 
School 
Wi,h 

'are hair 

~AVEsfrs19ulsAvE~'~~ 
I Wet I PERM SPECIAL I II .., 1-01. lUCK TO SCIIIOI. I 
I Care I _shampoo l I or I.,.., I = = ""lB. I I CUI I - Pncoslo< I ...... AIIlce loz'-OrJotrn.im ...... I 

IongO< "'" l tI'fCIaIIY PnIducI -.cal Shampoo I ""' ...... nonr_ I .. ,.'! ...... ' ': .... OlIo< I OIfergoodw/coupon I NoI¥lidwih ",,_ I oII",,,_No ..... -. ""''''_No ~-.-..y_L~i_!dod..J~-""'~~_-~.J 
CoSTA VERO£ CENTER, 8750 Genesee 587 cun (behind Soup Exchange) -

Co-Ed Eight Ball 
"I01lI,-J3Inent 

Date: Saturday - October 3~ 1992 

GAME 
ROOM 

12:00 pin 

CASH PRIZES FOR THE WINNERS! 

Sign-up at the Gamcroom 

K Lt. 
CENTER 

GAME 
ROOM 

Why just get a pizza 
when you can get 
GRAND SLAM'S 
UCMEAL DEAL 

IlPI I 10 

BUY ANY LARGE PIZZA AND 
RECEIVE A SMALL 1· TOPPING PIZZA 

F EE 

8935 Towne Centre Drive #109 
in Renaissance Center behind me 

See why the critics are raving! 

-

. 

L4Sad4ie1l 
We Believe ill Altemalil'e Tral1Spol1aliol1 

Reef 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Flojos 

Teva 

Ugg Boots 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

,,&,. S,K44te 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 488·1134 

L~~~N~.;P~A~R~I~~~~~~~. 
INTEANA TlONAl PAOGAA 

• 

• 

BOSTON 
UNtVERSITY 

LEARN HOW THE WORLD WORKS 
Globallnlemshlps and 

Language/LIberal Arts Programs 

~ E o ~ 
~~--~--------~~--~> 
• BEIJING· SYDNEY • MOSCOW • 
Namt: ____________________________________ ___ 
Add~s:, ____________________________________ _ 

CltylSlalelZip: ________________________________ ___ 
Phone:( ) Universily: ____________________ 1 
FaU 0 Spring 0 Summer 0 19_ 
InIemIIIIp Programs ~ Programs SUr'nmM I'rog!omI 
OLondon o Grenoble 0 London 
OPoris o Oxford 0 Modrid 8=:- B~ B~vo 
OWOSIlIngIon. DC o PodolIa 0 Sydney 
Oaetng o Oxford 0 Moscow 

....... 10: 0 NlOmey 0 Beijing 
IooIon UnIvenIIy, DIvIIIon 01 klMmaltoo "" PI~ ONashngIon. DC 
232 loy $I,," IIood. loll Q. loIIon, MA 02215 or col (61 n »3-9 ... 



I , 

HCL\SSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SKYDIVE TODA YI with Skydiving 
ADVENTURES, Inc. $20 student 
discount. 800-526-9682. (1 0/5-121 
3) 

If you ride your bike during dark-
ness, you need a light. The UCSD 
Police Department enforces bicycle 
laws. This is no longer a simple "fix-
it" ticket. A $1 0 administrative fee 
will be charged. Pick up your free 
copy of bicycle and skateboard 
rules and regulations at the UCSD 
Police Department or Transporta-
tion Alternatives off ice. (10/26-10/ 
29) 

Third College peer adivsors needed 
for student orientation. Apply: Third 
College Advising , TCAB t20, 11 /61 
92. (10/26-1112) 

These 
adveniser make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
reces ion-busting bargain . 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 

Falrmal~s ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale .................. 488-1134 
UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Cafe Zero ........... .......... 457 ·4365 
Mr. 1's Cafe ........ ......... 755-7642 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453·0286 
Sel'lor Pesca ..... ........ 457-0597 
UCSD AUTO 
C & D Auto ................. 558·2436 
Overseas Aulo ............. 695·1990 
Roben's ...................... 275·1t32 
Tom's ...... .. ................ 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR. BEAUTY 
We Care Hair .............. 587 -cun 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 
UCSD HEALTH. FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Flf ..... .................. 483·9294 
Family Planning ............. 535· t379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455·0909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .558·3600 
Dr. Richard Sarsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 4n-4945 
UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 
Eyes of La Jolla .............. 597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455·5795 
Vision Care ............ ........ 578·6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket .............. 455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 
UCSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693·1469 
Video Gallery ............... 452 ·1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-D630 
UCSDTESnNG 
Hyperieaming ............... 455·1000 
MeAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princeton Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co . .... 452·BREW 
Old Columbia Brewery . 234·BREW 
Del Mar Stull Pizza ...... 481·STUFT 
Torrey's ........................ 587·1414 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1 733 
Kinkos .......................... 457·3n5 
Name of the Gcrne (ComIcs) 274·GAME 
Society Billiard Cafe ..... 272· POOL 
51. Germaln's ............... 455·1414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457·1007 

Th .. UCSI) Glllmliun 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified a(/\'ern'sillg is sold ill 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for persollal Lise ollly), $3 forfaculty and staff. alld $4 for others. Payment ill 
advance is reqllired: therefore, ads mllst he mailed with a clleck (made payable tO 'THE 
UCSD Guardian) or presellfed ill persoll. Deadlines are 3 p.m. TlllIrstlayfor Monday's 
is lie, alld 3 p.m. M ollday/or TIm rSlloy's isslle. The Guardian reselw s the right to refllse 
allY o(/I 'erlisillg inell/ding nlllllot limited to compallionship ads, For more ill/ormatioll 
ca1l534-54 16. MailiJlg address: UCSDGuardian ,Aml:Classijieds, 9500 Gil n/aJIDri\'e, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Sllfdem Cenler A. topflom: 

GERMINAL VIDEOSERIES 1992! 
Wednesday nights, 7 p.m .. next 
doorto the Che Cafe. Nov. 4 Deep 
Dish RV - Spigot for Bigots or 
Channels for Change? Racism in 
America: The Youth Responds. (70 
min). (10/29·1112) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT IN· 
TERNSHIPS. Most positions filled 
by Nov. Gain val. expo managing 6· 
B employees, customers, and sup· 
pliers. Avg. earnings 6-16,000+. 
Call "University Painting Pros. " Info/ 
appl. Call 800·525·5877. (9/21 -121 
3) 
EARN $1,500 WEEKLY mailing 
our circulars!. .. Begin NOW I ... 
FREE packet! SEYS, Depl. 19,Box 
400. Cordova. TN 38018-4000. (9/ 
21 · 1112) 
Earn $500 - $1000 weekly 
stuffing envelopes. For details 
- RUSH $1 With SASE to : 
GROUP FIVE , 57 Greentree 
Drive, SUite 307, Dover, DE 
19901. (10/8 · 11119) 

P A ID MANAGEMENT 
INTERNSHIP. Gain marketing, 
sales, customer service, 
production, accounling and 
human relations experience from 
the largest corporation in the 
industry with the longest proven 
track record . We guarantee $2,500 
i n compensation with vast 
opportunity for more. Call Student 
Works Painting (formerly Student 
Painters) . 1 · 800 ·394-6000 . 
Limited positions available. (10/ 
12-2/B/93) 

• g lowers & 9 f/s 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 
;58-6666 

INTERNATIONAL 
EMPLOYMENT. Make money 
teaching English abroad. Japan and 
Taiwan. Room & board provided. 
Make $2,000-$4,000+ per month. 
Financially & culturally rewardingl 
For employment program call : (206) 
632-1146 ext. J5976. (10/22-1 1/2) 

RECEPTIONIST - 5.50/6.50, all 
shifts avail, PTor FT. If you have 
any ofc. skills. we need you!! 
Phones, filing , and customer 
service. 268-2201 . The Temporary 
Connection. We'll work around your 
schedule! (10/26-10/29) 

TELEMARKETING - 5.50/hr. No 
salesl No expo Eve. work in UTC 
area. Call 268·2201 , personnel 
services. (10/26-10/29) 

PT DATA ENTRY - 6.50/hr. 
Payroll Dept. for Miramar const. 
co. needs ind'l, M-W-F, 7·4 p.m. 
Experience nec., permanent pos. 
268-220 I , personnel services. (10/ 
26-1 0/29) 

PIT library Asst . - MBI , a 
biomedical fim, has a p / t 
pos i tion avail . 10 hrs/week. 
Mon . & Fri. a.m. preferred . Will 
perform journal article searches 
at UCSD libraries . Copy and 
deliver. Library and periodical 
research exper. desirable. Must 
have reliable transportation , 
proof of insurance and valid DL. 
Contact HR. 452-7393 , ext. 
2294. (10/26-1 0/29) 

Computer science student to help 
high school boy wi th Science Fair 
Project on computers. 575·7503. 
(10/26-1115) 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
1II1lh J)Ul"N .. ·'''· 0I510u( 11k)((' 
\tli \;WJ _lIh ."y u&hcr ofo;.., 
C\f1. IIII!I'I~ • 

N A I L SPECIALS 

ACRYLIC S18 99 
NAILS Reg. $35 • 
np Ov ..... y Reg. $45 $24.95 

Fill. $12 Reg. $15 • New Clients only 
Abergla •• Naill with Tips $29,99 Reg. $45 

Manicures. Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 
t._~~~~_~M~a~n~lcu~re:. sa· Factals $25 Reg. $35 

'1t<ul4. Iq ~ IIIN All) WOllIN 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
""" vllid WIth .." 0",", -. E .pi ... "/12192 

5 student distributors needed , 
parttime: selling to studentslfriends: 
560-6307. (10/26-10/29) 
, 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist: 1200 to 
1500 hairs per hour. 3788 Elliott S1. 
Student discounts. 226-1962. (9/ 
21-1213) 

Grants, Loans, Scholarships. We 
can find financial aid for every stu-
dent regardless of grade point av-
erage or family income. Guaran-
teed. Call toll free 1-800-475·22BB 
ext. 1519. (9/21-10/29) 

ViolinN,ola lessons. You or your 
child(ren) can learn from an expe-
rienced, professional teacher. Now 
accepting students - all ages and 
levels welcome! Call Conrad: 466-
0525. (9/21·1213) 

ON·CAMPUS TUTOR living in Muir 
dorms 24 hour service for fresh-
men classes, Call 55B-B728. (91 
2S-11/5) 

ATTORNEY. DUI, Landlord-Ten-
ant , Discrimination/Harassment , 
Immigration or Consumer Prob-
lems? AFFORDABLE STUDENT 
RATES, 450·6803. (10/S-11/9) 

PASSPORT PICTURES! New at 
Cal Copy. Only $5.95 while you 
wait. Xeroxes and more. Near St. 
Germain 's 452-9949. (1 0/12-12/ 
3) 
Vegas, 3days hotel . airfare, meals, 
show, car $79/perspn. New Wave 
Travel, 576-1141 . (10/15-11 /5) 

Editorial - to help organize your 
writing . Marginal commentslfinal 
copies. Degree in English. Joan 
560-1631 . (10/19-11/5) 

TRAFFIC SCHOOL $14.50 with 
this ad, Sat, Sun. , weekdays, eves. 
12 locations 296-0233. (10/22-11 / 
2) 
DO YOU HAVE A DISPUTE? 
Mediation services are avail-
able by Bob Wagener - trained 
mediator, working in the field 
for 5 years . Service is volun-
tary and confidential. Call : 534-
6951 for more information . (10/ 
26-10-29) 

Thll,·~du~ . t ... ,,,1 .. ••· :!I). 11JC);l 

WORD PROCESSING - papers, 
resumes. etc. Laser printing. Rush 
service available. From$1 .5OIpage. 
Sharon, 481 -7604. (10/26·10/29) 

Lease a Horse for only $99/month I 
16 hand jumper available for lease 
in Penasquitos Canyon area. Must 
be experienced rider. Call 685-
2105. (10/29·1 112) 

Word processing including various 
technicaUprograms and graph. The 
Ouick Typist. 581 -721 2. (1 0/1 9-10/ 
22) 

SAVE ON AUTO INSURANCE. 
Staff/students, no obligation, get • 
free quote. 530·0287, Mike. (10/ 
29) 

FREE HAIRCUTS!!I People who 
are ready to change and update 
their look. Essence Salon, 453· 
9477. (10/29) 

QUALITY BARBERING!I La Jolla 
Barber Shop, Quality Barber, Hair 
Cuts. $S. 7760 Faye Ave .. Suite F, 
459·5792. (1 0/29· 1213) 

Massage for men and women, li-
censed therapist, La Jolla office, 1 
hr. $35, 488-9135. (10/29·11/9) 
REAL ESTATE - Why rent when 
you can buy? Please call Dan Keyes 
at Century 21 Village for your guide 
to buying and selling real estate. 
455·6770/982·8993. (10/29) 

STUDY ABROAD IN AUSTRA-
LIA. Information on a semester, 
year, gradL!ate, summer and in-
ternship programs in Austrai lia. We 
represent 2B Australian Universi· 
ties. Call us toll free 1·800·245-
2575. (10/29-11/12) 

WANTED 
VOCALIST WANTED for original 
band. Must be diverse, creative 
and open·minded. Equipment a 
plus. Lee, 625-0801. (10/22·11/5) 

WANTED: YOUTH LEADERS for 
chunch near campus. See ad this 
issue or call 534-2537. (10126-10129) 

MISSING FINGER ? If you have 
one or more fingers missing from 
birth or lost from aocidentand would 
like to volunteer in a survey, please 
contact: Brain/Perception Lab, 
UCSD 534-6240. (10/26-11 /15) 

FOR SALE 
HAWAII: Kona, Maui or Oahu. 5 
days hotel , roundtrip airfare $3191 
person. New wavetraveI576-1141 , 
(10/15-11 /5) 

Futon + frame $99 unused. Full 
mat set $75. Sofa and loveseat still 
in plastic $285. Can deliver. 222-
4771 . (10/19-1213) 

SEIZED CARS, trucks , boats, 
motorhomes, 4wheelers, by FBI, 
IRS, DEA. Available your area now. 
Call I -800-333-3737 ext. C-7556. 
(10/19-11 /12) 

P.l~~ or don t p.l)' 

SMOG $15.99* CHECK 
plus $7.00 state cart. 

TUNE UP· 
4-cyl. $25.99 
Brakes Speclal* $60 
........ MW p..a or sOOes. 
resurt.. 1Ut0fS or drums, 
CIIeCk f¥Ir8UIIC system. I08Il test. 
12 mo./12,OOO mill WMWIIy 

U2 tickets - Jack Murphy Stadium 
- Awesome seats on field (2 of 
them) - $45 each or make an of· 
fer. 546·0669 (best after 6 p.m.). 
Have some fun on Nov. 10. (1 0/26· 
10/29) 

1980 Suzuki GS550E. new voltage 
regulator, battery, lights, seat, tire, 
brakes, manifold gasket, cables 
(dutch, tach, speedometer, choke). 
Rebuilt carbs. runs great. $925. 453· 
6717, ask for Dave. (10/26-11/5) 

Car stereo system. CD & tape pull· 
outs by Kenwood. Speakers by 
Morel , Infinity , Cerwin Vega. Amp. 
by Alphasonic + Much more. Have 
to sell, buy all or part. Paul. 281 -
2997. (10/26· I 1/9) 

Mac SEISO 5MB RAM. 40MBHD, 
w/US Robotics Carrier modem . 
Image Writer I, carry bag, & tons of 
software. $1750. 295·2496. (10 
26·10/29) 

SURFBOARD, 9xll IIght·green 
longboard , seldorn used . Was 
$250, $200firm. Message for Jack· 
son, 552·8890. (10/26-10/29) 

Surfboard 6'4" Thruster $1 00, surf 
racks with lock $25. All good condl' 
tion. 452·3003. (1 0/26-1 0/29) 
Apple 12 inch grayscale monitor. 
10 months old. $IBO obo. Nathan, 
450-4334. (10/26-11 /2) 

9mm REI dynamic rope . Red, un· 
used. $150 obo. Call 457-4379 
(Wilson) between 12 and 4 p.m. 
Leave message. (10/26-10/29) 

80 megabyte SeaGate MFM Hard 
Drive with Controller Card. Full 
height. $150 obo. Call 457·4379 
(Wilson) between 12 and 4 p.m. 
Leave message. (10/26·10/29) 

JVC AC -310 CD/casselle . 
Campusfest grand prize, Perfect. 
in box. Retail $189, $125 obo. Pe-
ter 55B·9109. (10126-10/29) 
MORRISSEY tickets (3) for Hal-
loween show at Del Mar. $22 each, 
452-7102. (10/26·1 0/29) 

SCOOTER, 1986 Honda Elite ISO, 
low miles, lookslruns good. $950/ 
best. 490-1147. (10/26-11112) 

Morrissey Tickets for Halloween at 
Del Mar Fairgrounds, $25. Call Ann 
at 587·0268. (1 0/29) 

Twin Bed Set: Quality Ortho mat-
tress set - frame. box springs, 
mattress + foam pad . One year old 
and in excellent condition . Asking 
$70 obo, paid $t65. Call Chnsling 
at 541·7664. (10/29-11 /5) 

ROTIWEILER PUppy, registered , 
male, dob: 8f7/92. Call Sonny be· 
tween 5:30 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. at 
443-9096. (1 0/29) 

Surfboards for sale: 6'3" and 76" excel-
lenloondrtion, 552.Q920. (10129-11115) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Binder notebook left at Guardian 
office. History notes inside. Call 
534-3466. (1 0/22-1 0/29) 

Calculus bookleft at the Guardian ob. 
Cal 534-3466 to identify. (10129-1115) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted: 0Nn bedroom & 
bath. Security bldg, underground park-
ing, wash/dry in apt , pool, jaruzzi, 
large weight room, racquetball court. 
Call Tom at457-BI23. $370/month or 
leave message. (10/1 -10129) 

ANXIOUS? 
- Sudden Intense Fear? - Palpitations? 

- Fear of Being Judged? - Avoid Socializing? 
- Sweating? - Persistent Worries? 

FREE CLINICAL RESEARCH 
TREATMENT AVAILABLE 

CALL 534-0776 

TIll' UCS I) C, ua ... lian 

Room for rent in condo . $324 nls. 
Responsible female wanted to join 
mellow household. 457-0 131. (10/ 
19· 10/29) 

Playmor condo 5 min. from UCSD 
3BR, 2.5BA, all appliances, pool, 
fireplace, $ 1200/mo., 693-B259. 
(10/19·10/29) 

FOR RENT: 2BR 2BA condo, 5 
min. to UCSD, dishwasher, washer· 
dryer, pool, jacuzzi. $950 , 281· 
7551. (10/22· 10/29) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $295. 1 or 2 
women needed for own room(s) tn 
nice four BR house. Patio, p,ano. 
cable TV. washer/dryer. 12 min· 
utes to UCSD No smokers/pets 
drugs. 534·2391 or534 3383 (mes 
sage). (10/22 11 6) 
Roommate wanted: Male or female. 
Large house ott Governor, own 
room. share BA, $320. 558·7885. 
(10/22·10/29) 

Room : Beautifully FuRNISHED. 
DECORATOR 's condominium 
City scenes overlooking Fashion 
Valley . Heated POOL. JACUZZI. 
PARKING , and WA SHER/ 
DRYER. Best deal in town $375 
(linens) $400 (no linens). Avail· 
able 11/1 . Call 571 ·0860. (10/26· 
10/29) 

Clairemont 4BR 2.5BA house. own 
room W/D.lg . back yard 31 O/mo. + 
1/5 utilities. Must see. Denise 274· 
0652. (to/29-1112) 

LA JOLLA (south pointe) : bikelbus 
to sch oo l! Own room in nice 
townhouse. Analee, 452·3 I 42. (10/ 
26-11116) 
CONDO FOR RENT. North Mira 
Mesa,2BR, 2BA, fireplace, $800/ 
mo., ideallocallon. Call 566·4208. 
(10/29·11/2) 

One BR lurnlshed cottage In West 
MUiriands. Limited cooking faclli· 
ties . Utilities included $450. 459· 
7875 (10/29) 

Bottom floor of beautiful Bird 
Rock Home, near beach , prl 
vate BR/BA. 4568047 . (10129 
11/9) 

La Jolla . Female roommate 
wanted to sublet a room in a 2BRI 
1 BA apartment at La Jolla Can · 
yon Apartment. $350/month + 1/2 
utilities for own roorn. Pool. 
jacuzzi, gym, close to laundry 
room and plenty of parking spaces. 
W ithin walkin g distance from 
UCSD. Available immediately. For 
more information call Jen at 458· 
1091 . (10/29) 

CL.\SS IFI·EDS ') 

PERSONALS 
M EXICO: Puerto Vallarta or 
Mazatlan, 4 days hotel. roundtrip 
airfare. $275/person. New wave 
travel, 576-1 141 . (10/15·11 /5) 

ATTN! PREMEDS We'II take the 
Oath of Hypocrites if Proposition 
161 passes. No on 161 . (10/29-111 
2) 
To my LiISis, Heidi - Always here 
for you in Alpha Omicron P, . Love 
and Roses, SilVia. (10/29) 

Ratnbow Weasel. the unluckiest 
band at UCSD. LIVE at Pepper 
Canyon. Sun ., 5 p.m. (10129) 

Lonely loser stili desparate for lov 
Ing Call 534·6580. ask for Cabrera 
(1029) 

Poodles. say you 'lI love me and 
make me the happiest man on the 
earth - Your whelp. (10/29) 

U2 - four tiCkets to Oct. 31 - Face 
value. $36 - 587-4852. (10/29) 

Never at a Loss for Words? 
Write for the Guardian. 

Stop by our office in Ihe Siudent Cen-
ter above the General Siore 10 apply. 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How much money and effort have you spent on your cduL'lltion "" filr? " ow 
mmy IhuUl"lI1d" of hour.? And now 
you have to lake the MCAT. h 
there such a thing as overkill in 
a situation like this' 

Ilypcrlearning offers 
the most intensive 
1\1C AT prepara-
tion course avail -
able. We work 
hard to make sure 
you get the most for 
your dollar. The most houn;, 
the most motiva ting environ-
ment, the most cu rrent material, and 
the most qualified instructors available. 

ski Us. In addition to these te,", we work through MeAT 
passages every time 'he Jas, mcct" Nnthing you encounter 

on the I\1CAT,hould he a surpri,e. 

Rigorous wriling sdm~le work 
You'U write fourteen half-hour essays. Wl\ile this 

program typically improve' scores dramatic:ll-
Iy, ,ome student, need more help. W e've 

designed one-on -one writing e sions (five 
weeks each) fur silldcnts who still have 

concerns abolll this impon:mt suhscorc. 

1Ie1~ wilh Ihe a~~li(alion process 

The IODges~ mosl (om~lele, and mosl inlensi'e MeAT (OUm' available 

We won 't abandon yuu after the 
MeAT. We have interview and 

application resources as weU as cat-
alogs and profiles on aU 126 U.S. 
aUopathic medical schools. We 
have the MfCAS application 
template on our M~cintoshes' 

so you can work on your appli-
cation until you're satisfied. Then 

• 12 weeks, 4 meetings per week (Saturday, Sunday, and two week-
nights). More than 150 total hour~ . No wimps need apply. 

• 2.5 hours per meeting, 50 meetings total. 
• Immediate feedback. No more than 24 students in a class. 
" Convenient classrooms and times to fit your schedule . 

you can laser print the final vcr.ion 
on our system and send it off. 

We iltsign and re·design our MeAT course for you • Vole help you re-Iearn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually-oriented science and ve rbal material 
you'll need to get a winning MeAT score. 

Specializtd inslruclors who are exPf~s in lheir field 

All f our material; arc subject to student 
feedback on areas of confusion. We continually 

upgrade our exhaustive Biology, Chemistry, Physics, 

• You are taught by four (not one or two) spe-
cialized instructors. 

• All instructors have earned at least a 
Master's degree and many have won teach-
ing awards outside Our course. 

MCAT diagnostics 10 focus JOur eHorn, righl from the sl.rt 
You1l take two computerized diagnostic tests in addi-

and Verbal materials to emphasize the conceptual skiUs 
dcmaJlded by the new format MeAT. We now offer 1600 

pages of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice questions and teAT -style passages. 

Any queslions? 
just give us a call at 

800-843-4973. 
tion to the two fuU-length MeATs we administer. Taking We'U make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the first diagno tic test early in the course will alert you and your 
instructors to your weak areas in both science knowledge and test-taking 

.. , 



I . 

, 

1 _ 

10 SPORTS 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Open November I I I am 
The Most Amazina 

St.Stuff In 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

rTherels ., 
No Place 

Like 
Home 

Sill fqlldsa S .,. Lu'''' S ". 
........ S ". 
c.kato $1"· 
New 0rIu.. $145" 
.... 'ork $179" 
..... $17.· 
.. ,.". ... Ia.,..,.. 
"f.::~~ .:-",,=~~. 

..... moybcNq .. 1Od 

Council Travel 
UCSO Price (mer (by tt-e PosI Office) 

451·0630 

HP95LX 

YOUTH · 
LEADERS 
WANTED,. 
Dynamite Junior 
& Senior High 
Youth Prograll 
Cill 534-2531 lor Inlo or send 
resume to: Youth Director 

E,IIco(NI1 C.rcII ., 
l1li GOld sa .. llllle 
4321 fJstgate Man Road 
San Diego, CA 92121 
2 _ II5l ., CIfI\PUS 
co"'e' 0' EUlgltO .... 
andGe_ 

If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Disease 
• Clotting factor • Epstein Barr 

deftclency Virus 
• Toxoplasmosis • CWN 
• Chlamyd13 • Arrf red blood 

cell antlb<xti 
• HepatItis A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
"Suruubary oJlltmaCart COrpDraJlIJn 

SAN DIEGO (619)226-1733 
TOIIIANCI (310) 611· .. 73 

WEST HOLLYWOOD (213)6$4-0565 
YOII CGII grtllll, "tlp ;11 mtdical 
rtstare" Gild ITt4l1lltll1 Gnd tanr 

SSO 10 S200 ptr ~ttk! 

Palmtop PC 
with 
Lotus® 
1-2-3® 

PC power 
in the palm of your hand 
Built-in: 

• Lotus 1-2-3 Release 2.2 
• Complete set of organizer tools 
• HP financial calculator 
• Data communications 
• Plug-in card slot 
.512KRAM 

The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons Hit a High Note 
In Season Finale 
MEN'S SOCCBt UCSD 
earns Q.() tie against CSLA 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

The Tritons saved their bcsI perfor-
mance for last. In what iX'Oved 10 be 
their fmest game of the season. UCSO 
men'. soccer closed the regular season 
00 a high note. ballling lOUgh Cal Slate: 
Los Angeles to a ().() draw in Los 
Angeles on Monday afternoon. 

"h'sthe besI we 've played all year." 
Head Coach Derek AnnsIrong said 
"We playro our fmest game against our 
finest opponent." 

The Tritons Slayed with the Divi-
ion 11 Golden Eagles for the enlire 

game. nearly winning it in the closing 

V-BAIJ,: Lose to 
Point Lorna in three 
ContInued from .... 11 
serve txlck and. 00 three straight points 
off of Debbie Linen' s serve. took the 
lead .15-12 UCSOlook away the serve. 
but gave it right back and the Crusaders 
picked up the final point 

"The fmil game we played well. but 
we JUS! gave them too many easy points 
off of our errors. We didn't pot the balls 
away; we'd cornplere 90 percent of the 
play and then JUSl IlO! pot it away." 
UCSO Head Coach Doug Dannevik 
said 

The second game was 001 the mOSl 
inspired game the Trilons have ever 
played Point Lorna look over when il 
scored fi ve straight to lead 5-2 After 

seconds. "We had a last-second shot 
thai scraped the pc6t." ArmsIrongsaid "I! 
would have been a great victory. lu 
even a tie agaiJN them WdS faJtaStic." 

UCSOisroundinginlopiayoffform. 
AJthough UCSO's fonvatds couldn'l 
punch lIYough the stingy Cal Stale Los 
Angeles defense. the Tri!on defenders 
kept theGoklen EagjtsSC<R1ess. "GooI-
keeper [Michael) MackIen had a good 
game, and most of our players had their 
best game of the year," Armstrong said 

JUS!!Wo weeks ago. UCSO' sseason 
seemed over. as the Tribis were reeling 
from numerous gut-wrCnching defe-.us. 
Yet the club rebounded SIrongly, end-
ing the season with (wo victories and a 
tie in the finaltlvee COflleslS. 

Playoff berths will be announced 

exchanging Ieadc; a couple of rimes. the 
Crusaders rook the lead for good. scor-
ing seven straight to lake a 13-7 lead 
UCSO squeezed in two more pointS, 
bul Point Lorna wasted little time finish-
ing off the game. 

The key to game three was UCSO's 
level of intensity after the close loss in 
game one and the error-plagued game 
!Wo. 

11 didn't start out much better. as 
Kristi Akeland put UCSO's fIrSt serve 
right iNo the net But the ilUation did 
improve somewhat. 

Wilhthescoretied3-3.PoinlLorna·s 
KacyOakleyservedfoursrraight forthe 
Crusaders. UCSO responded well, and 
kept with Poinl Lorna to tie the score at 
nine. The Crusaders picked up three 
more and never looked back. 

ThnrH.lay. Ort .. l ... r 29,1992 

this weekend. AnmIrong is cautiously 
optimistic about his team' s chances for 
a p<N-sea<iOO appearance. 

"Hopefully the selection committee 
will con ider our strong finish." 
Annslrong said. noting UCSO' s three-
game unbeaten ~ to clo!;e the regu-
lar season. 

Armstrong hopes that the commit-
tee will consider UCSO's diffICult 
schedule."We a1so played the toughest 
schedule in the conference. Nobody 
challenges themselves like we do," 
Annslrong said 

YetAnnstrongknowsthauhisyear's 
berth. ifit is to be awarded. willcomethe I 
hard way. "In y~ past. we' ve made i! 
withou! question. We' re not used to 
wailing for a playoff spot." said 
Annslong. "This timearoond.l'm keep-
ing my fingers crossed. 

"'twouldbeashameifwedidn'tget 
in. because we're playing so well. I 
know we would go far:' the coach 
added. 

The Tritons had one tinalchance 
when. at 13-10 Point Lorna. KmllZ killed 
the 0011 giving UCSO their eleventh 
point. Pont Lorna took the serve back. 
but KrJ/lZ had another kill for the side 
out. 

She then served for UCSO's 12th 
point. But the Crusaders killed lhe rally 
and finished off the victory. 

Kranz led the Tritons with 13 kills. 
lenniferCrosswassecond with five and 
A<;keland and Julie Harvey had four 
each . 

"We 've improved lhi year, but 
we 'restillgiving too many points away." 
Danneviksaid. "We had achancetowin 
some games, and we haven·t. We have 
to start finding a way to win; to make the 
right play attherighttime. We justdon't 
have the experience." 

, 
, 

There will be plenty of books ~. 
to choose from. There is no ~ 
time limit. Just pay the 
entrance fee and walk out 
with as many books as you 
can balance in your armsl 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2nd 
9 a.m. through 3 p.m. (fee $6.00) 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3rd 
Link to your PC with the optional Connectivity Pack 

9 a.m. through 1 p.m. (fee $5.00) 
Allwaysr" . PrintGr.ph. and Translate ue not tnduded 
.n the HP 9SlX . lalus and 1-2· ) are U.S resi ... red 
tr.ldemolrks lind Allway' i ~ a L'. S Iradem.ul or Lotu 
Devtlapment (arpor.hon . 

F,,;' HEWLETT 
.:~ PACKARD 

LlCSD 
BOOKSTOfH 

Electronics department 
~ -:- =4 534-4320 

. mon-frI8am-6pm/sat 10am-5pm 

If you don't find enough to make it worth your while, we will refund your admission 
charge or you may purchase individual bOOks for one dollar each. Don't let this 
opportunity to improve your library pass you by! 

Books are non-refundable and non-returnable. 

I II ~I I 
t\()C ....... , (UtI UCSD BOOKSTORE 

TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 534 - 4557 =~== OPEN: MON - FRI lAM - 'PM AND SAT 1DAM - 5PM 

ThurS4lay. (k-toh .... 29, 19'-"2 TtN- UC. D Guar.lilul SPOIlTlS II 

UCSD Obliterates H~pless Highlanders 

Jason RitchIt/GlWdiWl 
LaunI KrMz had 13 lei .. In UCSO·. Iou to PoInt Lorna last nICht 

Women's VoHeyball Swept 
By GreaWrenn 
Sports Editor 

Coming off of their most imponanr 
weekend of the season. the UCSD 
women's volleyball team faced yet an-
other tough opponent in what has al-
ready been a grueling season. In their 
first maich since aseconcl-place finish at 
the Washington Univer-li!)l Toumamenr 
in St, Louis. the Trilons faced an NAJA 
top-lOfoewhentheysqumdoffagains! 
PoilllLomaNazareneCoiIege Iaslnigk 
The Trilons couldn'l keep up the m0-
mentum gener:ued in last weekend's 
tournament falling to the Crusaders in 
three straight games. 16-14. 15-9, 
15-12. 

The first game may have been the 
most critical of the three. Poim Lorna 
scored the fin;( two points of the game 
before UCSD jumped out to a 4-2 lead 
on the strength of Jennifer Cross' serve. 
Cross' four poins included the first ser-
vice wimerof!he match forthe Tritons. 

With the game bouncing back and 
focth. UCSO found itself down 8-7. 
when it again scored four straight to 
jump our to a I 1-8 lead. The Tritons 
looked ready to take control when Point 
Lomacoach Barb Wnek called a timeout 
to regroup her !TOOpS. Whatever the 
coach said wor1ced. as the Crusaders 
grabbed the next two points and seemed 
to be gaining the upper hand, Then 
L-wra Kranz stepped in and gave the 
serve back !o UCSO. lofting a soft one 
JUS! over Poilll Lorna' s front I ine into the 
middle for the point 

UCSD quickly scored twice, before 
giving the serve back to the Crusaders. 

PointLorna scored!Wopoint~of itsown. 
before UCSO got it back and picked up 
another point. 

With the score 14-12. the Tritons 
seemed poised to take the g:une and pick 
up some much needed confidence for 
the second game. Point Lorna got the 

See V-BALL, Page 10 

MEN'S VAEN POLO: 
Tritoos tmleash offen ive 
barrage to bury over-
matched UC Riverside 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

When it r.lins. it 
pours. Under a 
Sleady drizzle at 
Canyonview 
pool. lhe UCSO 
mell"swaterpolo 
tearn poured it 

on. blowing away UC Riven;ide 21·5 
last night. 

The Tritons were never challenged 
in a game they dominated from staJt to 
finish. Sophomore sensation MikeNalu 
tallied two scores within!he game' s fin;( 
86 seconds to give UCSO an early 2-0 
lead Sophomore George Hegarty fol-
lowed Nalu's lead and went one bener. 
In a 57-second span. Hegarty scored 
three goals. the Ia.'" two assisted with 
picture-perfect passes by sophomore 
Marcello Giulianoni. 

MOSlofUCSD'sgoalsresultedfrorn 
effective counteranacks. with goal-
keeper Michael Warren firing excellent 
outlet passes to Triton.~ on the wings. 

Nalu and Hegarty each added an-
OIher goal in a first period won handily 
by the Tritons, 7-2. 

The second quarter was controlled 
by UCSO. Using 3 swam1ing defense. 
the Tritons allowed ooly one score. 
weathering UC River.;ide· ~ physical at-
lack. Nalu scored anOlher goal. and 
senior two-meter man Kevin Vance 
chipped in with two goa ls in the period. 
giving UCSO a 1(}'3 halftime advan-

tage. 
Head Coach Denny H:uper play\.'(! 

his subs for much of the second half. and 
the sccond-~tringcrs seized t11<:ir oppor-
tunit ies. Senior Aaron AmlSlrong beat 
UCRivcrsidegoalieSleveP.lImerrwi("e. 
and >Ophoolore Jallles Skaalen found 
the back of the 11<:t once during a lop-

~ided third period. After three 4lJ(U1en<. 
UCSO led IfH. and lhe game wa., "in 
the refrigerator." 

The founh period W'lS a mere for-
mali!)l for the Tritons. Nalu added all-
OIher goal. his f oun h of the contest. wit h 
6:30 remaining in the g.une. The go;ll 
was Nalu' s 77th of the ~'iOIl. keeping 

UCSD 21 

UC RtVERSIDE S 

him on lr.ICk 10 challenge lhe team"s 
single-season record of95 goals. set by 
D-.U1a Greil>en. 

With one minute rel113ining. 
Armstrong scored his third goal of the 
contest on a play that brought a roar 
fron1thecrowclJuniorScon RaSmll'i.-.cn. 
guarded tightly by a Highlander de-
fender. lofted a perfect hook pass. 
Annstrong fu lly extended his six·foot 
fr.une, caught the pa.ss and. without 
hesitation. fired a shOl Ihat found the 
back of the cage. The spa1acular go;ll 
and a.o;SiSl made the score 2(}'5. Junior 
Richard Romero closed OUlthe scoring 
with 0:07 remaining. giving UCSD an 
insum10untable l6-goal advanlage. 

Head Coach Denny Harper W'l~ 
happy with his lean)" s perfom1an<.-e. 
'"Although we expected a clo>cr game. 

il W,l~ st i II a good game for u~. because 
UC River.;ide i.., a phy~ical tt:;Ul1:' he 
)';lid. 

11le Triton~ employtXI ,Ul drcclive 
count~r:mack oITen~. beating the H igh-
l.ul(Jen, on m.UlY 3-on-1 and 4-on-:! 
mi~l11atche,. "Wo: work vO:l)' hard on 
our counteranack, in practice." Harper 
said. "UC River.;lck tended too\'erplay. 

~ we were able to exploit them on tile 
other end." Harper Mated. 

Harper wa, quick to pmil>e go;d-
keeper Michael Warren. ''Wamn had 
an excellent game. He made some great 
out lei pas.~ and he stayed focul>ed the 
entire gmne:' Harper said. noting Ihat 

Warrenh.K1allowoosome"c11<:ap"goaL~ 
in preViOllsconte.t,against le,--.eroppo-
nents. "111 is ti,ne W;uren didn'l give up 
.my cheapi~. He was sharp:' Harper 
added. 

Hegany led UCSO with 5 goals. 
Annstrong .;cored a h.lI trick. and 
Giuliunotti had two >cores for lhe Tri-
tons, 

UCSO\ next nKlIch is on H.dlow-
.:en night. a home malch again,1 Ihe 
ninth-ranked Long Beach ~gers. The 
Triton~ defeated the .Jger.; for the first 
til11eeverlast Salurday. I 1-IO.andLong 
Beach State i, ~king revenge. 'Tm 
nOl going to be cocky or overconfident 
heading into the Long Beach malch:' 
Harper ),;Iid. 

"We've~ltenthemonlyoncein D 
year~. so we're going to have to make 
,ure we bring our game up a notch 10 do 
it again:' Halper added. 

UCSD's lop,ided victOlY again\! 
Ihe Highlander.. ~napped the Triton,' 
Ihree-galne losing ,treak. TIle win im· 
prov.:d UCSO's record 10 111-6. ;1 ,il-
zling .750 winning percentage. 

VOLLEYBAR AND GRILL United Democrat;c Party Presents: 
. 

Darts & ShuHleboard at 
Pacific Beach's Only 

Non-Smoking Sports 'Bar 
Thurs.-Sun. $1 Domestic Pints 

$1 MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL Domestic Pints & Wells • All Entrees 1 /2 Price 
DINNER ENTREES 
CATCH OfTltE DAy ......... PrtCi 
Served wlpOlatoes & a side of salad 
szECllUAIIsm£ CHICKEN 
_/ALMOIII. .. .................. .SUO 
Assorted vegetables, stir fried 
in SzechUin sauce 
lAIMlIA ........................... . 
Layers 01 S9inach, Italian Suasage 
& five hw1y Cheeses smothered in 
a hear1y red suace. 
llIIGUIII "'.VERA " .......... . 
Assorted fresh VegetaIJIes SlUfIIed in 
oINt 011 wllIlIrinIrI $lute 
llIIUED CIICIIII 
.-..cII .................... ..... 
WI SwIll CI1IIII & ~ on. 

CAJUN CAlAMARI .............. SI.25 
SeMd wi a side salad 
LtNGUlNt WI PESTO , 
SUN DRIED TOMATOES .... ... S5.l5 
lEU , CtfICKEN FAJITAS .... SUI 
Your choice of beef, chicluJn, or 
combo seMd wi guacamole,pico 
de ga/Io and fresh flour tortillas 
FA.IITA QUElADllLA ........... SUI 
Filled wI Jack Cheese,chicken or 
beef fajitas 
Ju.G V .. URGER ............. SUI 
(112111. wllWrybody on M) 
•• l:1li0 ........................ . 4.11 
APPETIZERS 
~' ......... SIIIIIIatI _· __ .. ·$1.a 
IIICk 11M NIc:I1oI .................. II •• 

Chill Cheese Fries .................... S2. 75 
Cajun fries ............................... S1.75 
SOUPS 
Torilla Soup ............................. $5.25 
_"'_ ... "'ooJIo, ....... "'. SALADS 
Dinner Salads .......................... S2.00 
CttwJ _1tonIy ....... 111. Alsbtny. 
__ ."""FIII 
SPECIAL TV SALADS 
Tejano salad ............................ $5.l1li Strips 0' .. __ breasts. 
_ In IOiCY rlllehlrl sauce 
CIlIctcItI T.~ SIIad ............. $5 •• 
SIrIps 01 cIItIoIcI wi ally 01lIIOI ,--

... In Your UCSD ID to .... AItoN "..,. 
1.14 .... A.-f(II.-" .... -atlJl.,... 
• • S .......... ,. .., a ... "", 

CHOICE KICK-OFF 
Come Support our Democratic Leaders Who Will 

Protect Our Rights to Choose! 

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31 
Rally 9:30 am 

Pro-Choice Campaigning 11 am - 3pm 
County Administration Building 

1600 Pacific Hwy at Cedar 
Harbor Drive Side 

San Diego 

Come Hear: 
Barbara Boxer & Dianne Feinstein 

Candld.t •• for U.S. S.nat. 
Kathleen Brown, State Treasurer 

Phil Angelldes, Chairman California Democratic Party 
Kate Mlch.lman, Plesident National Abortion Rights Action League 

.nd LoaII Pro-ChoIc. c. ...... 

Volunteer Now! 
Call 619-294-2204 

AuIhoriIed." ~. hid .." ." the c.IIIornIII o.-cr8tic PIny. 



12 SPORTS The UCSD Guanllan 

Chuck Nguyen/Guaralan 
Diana Muchowskl (center) goes airborne to get her head on the ball, giving UCSD Its second score only two minutes Into yesterday's game, 

Tritons Steamroll Coyotes, 4-0 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: UCSD gets ready for playoff: 
with a victory over Divi ion II Cal State San Bernardino 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

The CSD 
womcn· .. MlCCer 
t<:<1I11 dedd.:d to 
c lo'-<! out it~ regu-
lar ~ea~on in 
,tyle. Facing a 
phy~i al Diyi~iOl1I1 Cal State San Ber-
nardino team. the Tritons (10-2-2) 
jumpt.'d ahead early and held 00 to win 
-l-O owr the visiting Coyotes. 

1lle Tritons didn't wait very long to 
get on the scoreboard. Only 3 7 seconcL~ 
illlo the mmch. UCSD's Kmy Dulock 
C ITh~ it to K:llie Larkin who bounced 
it off of the defender and into the goal. 

,,' ju~t tool. it down the line and 
p~..oo it. I didn't even see [Larkin I 
touch it." Dulock said. 

The comer kick. one of UCSD's 
m~t lethal weapons all year. paid off 
again for the Triton, only a minute :Uld 
a hal f after their first score. Dulock took 
the I.icl. from the left comer and lofted 
a perfect pass across the goal. Freshman 
Diallil Muchow..ki he.lCIed the 0011 p~t 
Coyote goalkeeper Br.mcli Singleton. 

CSD stMed the game by puning 
Dul k on the right wing, opposite her 
usual place on the left. The strJtegy 
confu'-<!d San Bernardino and. with two 
gools in the fir.>! two minutes. had an 
immediate impact. 'They weren't ex-

peeting to see I Dul 'k I on the right side. 
Thlt 's how the liN goal was cre:lIed. 
theycOlIldn 'tm:\rl( upon herownhere.·' 

McManu~ ~id. 
The teams -.enl.:d into a groove after 

the liN two ll1inute~. with neither tC.'Ull 
able 10 take control of the g:Ulle. Despite 
some opportunities for bach t<:<UllS. the 
half ended with the Tritons up 2-0. 

'The fast staJ1 really helps against a 
team like San Bernardino." UCSD Head 
Coach Brian McManus said '"They're 
a scmppy team thm wiJJ always play YOll 
tight. We went lIpearlywhi h was good 
because they kept lighting." 

The secood half ~tMed much the 
~e as the fin;t ended. Some stellar 
goolkeeping by UCSO goalkeeperCari 

The Scoreboenl 
UCSD -1 

SAN BERNARDtNO 0 

Schwanz kept the Tritons Ollt of trOUble 
at the 69:51 mark when San Bernar-
dino' Pam I>Jvenpon gO! free 00 the 
right side and centered the 0011. where 
two te<Ullmates were wide open, The 
ball bounced past the Coyotes' Merinda 
Tenace to Erica Holguin who tried a 
left-footed shot otT the bounce only 
seven yards from the goal. SchW'.l/1Z feJl 

on the hot, preserving the shutout. 
While none of the San Bemardino 

players were afr.tid of throwing an el-
bow or two. Alicia Scott played ;l~ if the 
Tritons had killed her f;worite pet. A~ a 
defender. Scott was in prime position to 
!>lop the UCSD front line by making 
sure they spent more time on the ground 
than they spent dlibbling the ball. But 
Sco«\ aggressiveness caught up with 
her at the 79:46 mark when UCSD's 
D:Jphne Farnum had the lxlll inside the 
Coyote penalty box. Scott rJIl down the 
freshman and tackled her from behind. 
givingthe Tritonsapenalty kick. Dulock 
took the shol. tapping it into the lower 
right corner pasl the sprnwling Single-
ton. and UCSD led 3-0. 

Five minutes later. UCSD scored 
again. Playing on her usual left side, 
Dulock look a pass from FrJIlum. Slep-
pingoverthe ball and then going around 
San Bemardino's Kari Shier, Dulock 
was clear down the left sideline until 
Scott caught up with the Triton in the left 
comer. Scott tackled Dulock. sending 
the 0011 out of bounds for a UCSD 
comer kick. Dulock. taking the comer. 
centered it. where the baJJ bounced free 
to Ihe Tritons' Jodie Robert son. 
Robettson fed the ball right lxlCk to 
Dulock who was still allhe left corner. 
Dulock centered it again. this time aJl 
the way across the goal. Michelle 
Domico was in the right spot thi~ time 
for UCSD. and her header went OOck 
across the goal. for the Tritons final 

lheWeek 

Katy DuIock had three .... ts and a loa! aplnst San BemardIno, 
score. 

A~ for Dulock, the game W'JS jlL'it 
another (jay at the p:ut. One goal and 
three :l..sists againSi San Bernardino 
gave her a tocal of Ihiny points in only 
fourteen games this year. "She W'.IS just 
the best player 00 the field. She i~ in-
volved wilh evetylhing. Even when she 
doesn't gel the goal or the :l,sist. :.he is 
creating the scores." McManus~. 

As one of Ihree seniors on the team. 
along wilh Robett.'iOIl andJoonnedaLuz. 
Dulock is a team leader, especially wilh 
the Tritons heading into the JXNse:t'iOll 
for the sixth consecutive season. "MOSI 
of the team~ in lhe playoff.~ aren'l as 

good a.,; the Division lorn learn~ [that I 
we play during the year. but there isn't 
the presMlre during the regular season 
like there is in the pl;lyoft·s. Knowing 
whal iI's like! and having been there is 
l'e'Jlly impot1ant:' Dulock said. 

McManus now ha.~ to concenlrale 
011 preparing his young team for lhe 

playotT.~. But for now the coach is happy 
with the result~ of this regular season. 
"Our intensity was there and we kepi 
with San Bernardino and dido't OOck 
down." the coach said. '11ley were a 

phy~ic-JI tearll. ~ we had to play a lot of 
two-touch to ka!p away from them. and 
we! did it. This W'.t.,anirewaylofini'ih." 

The Headline Matchup: Women's volleyball VI. Occidental, Friday at 7 p.m., MaIn Gym. DespIte a below average season, the Tritons stili have a 
relatively good shot at the post~ason, but a win agaNt the DIvIsIon III ncers Is CRICIal to keep those hopes alive. 
Other Games: Men's water polo vs. Cal State Long Beach, Saturday at 7 p.m .. Canyonview Pool. Cross Country at the California Collegiate Athletic Association Championships, Saturday. 
Waterskiing at San Diego State Invitational, Saturday at 9 a.m. , Fiesta Island at Mission Bay. 

oween 
Happenings 
MUSIC TO 
RAISE THE 
LIVING DEAD 
By Jeff Niese! 
Hiatus Editor 

With the cancelJution of Oingo Boingo's trJditional 
Halloween concen at Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre in 
Laguna Hills. music fans may find themselves wonder-
ing where to find the best Jive enlenainment Halloween 
nighl. There are actually plenty of option , from 
cJassicallo hard rock. Here are some of the Jive music 
Halloween perfonnances taking place in San Diego. 

For a pre-Halloween celebration, comedian Judy 

Tenuta will perfonn at the Belly-Up Tavem in Solana 
Beach. She recently perfonned a benefil for the lale 
Sam Kinisan. She has also recently taped a segment 
for the CBS "Circus of the Stars." She wi II be doing 
IWO shows at 7 and 9:30 p.m. For more infom13tion. 
call 48 I -8 140. 

For a more relined way of spending Halloween. 
you can c;)(ch The Lind.~ay String Quanel perfonning 
in Mandeville Auditorium al 8 p.m. The quanet will be 
playing selection, from Haydn. Tippett and Schuben. 
11le Englbh quartet has received numerous awards for 
its recordings and have recorded all the quartets of Sir 
Michael Tippett. They are in residence at the Univer-
sity of Manchesler and they ulsa 'conduct seminars and 
instruct chamber ensembles. For more information. 
call 534-6467. 

Rhinobucket, the hard rock act which cut its leeth 
on the L.A. club scene, plays a show al Club 860 in 

Graphic: by Roger KuolGUllrdlBn 

Pacific Beach. 1lle band's cun-':nl album G('f U.I'('d flllf 
includes such killer trucks as "Beat to Death Like a 
Dog" and "Bar Time." The group recordetlthe album in 
Memphis wilh producer Teny Manning. who ha~ 
produced Led Zeppelin ;lI1d George TIlOrogood. 
Opening the show is &lan. The band i~ fronted oy Edan 
Everly. who i, the ~ibling of Don Ev.: rly of the Everly 
Brother... The Everly Brothe r~, actually cOl1!ribut~ 
bucking vocab on one trado: on the group', album DC'ac/ 
Flowers. For more infon1lation. call :!n-15 I 3. 

San Diego's own Beat Fanner.. playa , how to 
celebrate Halloween und the opening or th~ Rhythm 
Cafe in Clainnont Mesu. The band mixe~ tight 
rockabily music wilh its lightweight country ,en~ibili ­
ties. The bund's zany drummer Count ry Dick will 
usually lake center stage and sing a few number~ in hi~ 
deep. resonating voice. For more infomlation on thi, 
show, cal l 576-929:!. 

HHLLOWEEI RRYES R2 HORROR fOR THE HOLIOHYS. CHNDYMHN R(VIEWED D8 



IIIATU :2 TIM- UCSD Gmmlian 

CLUB PREYIEW 
Halloween Raving: Going Underground for Ghoulish Late-night Fun 
BySe811 EVaM 
Guardian Repo(fer 

For all those nOl doing the 
;,Sanla Barbara Thing" (the huge 
Isla Vista block pany near UCSB) 
this Halloween, the local scene 
holds promise for club-goer;. 
Here are a few of the pre-Hallow-
een night happenings not to be 
missed: 

ToniIht: Hallo-Funk-a-Ween. 
the ~h annual ZBT/Della Sigjoim 
fra ternity blow-out could mush-
room into UCSD's biggest pany 
of the fall quaner. UCSD's own 
.12-Gauge Per.>uasion funks up the 
h use;1I Tomatoes near the San 
Diego Spons Arena. The band is 
loaded to bang out two one-hour 
sets of the "old-school a la George 

linton" funky groove. Local DJs 
CUller E and Dr. Ewok fill dead air 
spinning the freshest hip-hop. funk 
and techno. 

FrtcA.y: Howl Arena I is the 
place where you'lI want to be 
caught dead on the night before 
Halloween. Avoiding the Isla 
Vista madness may prove to be a 
blessing in disguise this year. TIle 
San Diego Spons Arena is bound 
to heat up in what's being touted 

a.~ the "most spectacular Hallow-
een bash in Southern California 
history:' Radio station 91 X is 
teaming up wi th a network of rilve 
gurus including Playscool. p, 
Rockwrok and TicToc. to deliver 
another arena underground to the 

"greater rave community." Old-
school mvers might boycott the 
arena because of irs mass appeal. 
Sellout or not. Howl Arena I 
should "go off" and quite po ibly 
scare some of the dead up from the 
underground. Producers are 
spending big bucks to provide 
frightful visual treuts which flyers 
promise will include "flying 
spooks. tonure chambers, a living 
dead cemetery. movie sets. a mad 
sc ientist and an impressive laser 
show." The Dispo~ble Heroe~ of 
Hiphoprisy headline the live band 
!>howcase. Rave hours run from 9 
p.m. to 4 ;I.m. Only the 21-and-
over may partake. For more 
infomlation. call 224-4 171 . 

The Kuula Halloween Happy 
Hour at the Round Table Bull's 
Eye Tavem: Shape hifter Music in 
conjunction with the KoohI and 
Round Table join forces to bring 
UCSD students a happy hour 
starting at noon for all those who 
want to bum off some midteml 
stress. There 's a lot to be happy 
about: the end of midterm (for 
most people) and the Halloween 
buzz in the air. If beer specials and 
the best alternative and college 
music by reque~t aren' t enough to 
motivate students to the back pmio. 
Go Home! 

s.ta.Uy: San Diego is on it~ 
way to becoming a swirling 
cauldron of ghoulish activity. 
Here 's my completely unbiased 

STUDIII1 COI1AC1 liiS SPECIAl. 
SEARSUTC 

• 

EXTDIDED a 1 &900• $9900 DAllYWUR 
son CONTACTS WUI son CONTACTS 

Ourasoft 02T4 Ourssoft 03X4 

25% OFF ACUVUE $19900• 
FRAMES , UIISES DISPOSABU 

COMPLm COIITACTS 
-jlll'IIIII.,,,: l'~r" 1' \ /11111"11",", runll .... ' I,''''' fillin,:. (ull ... ... " ,iHI. Ir"inin,:: ~ n rr ~ il ,,/,ula.l;,,"", 

4.rr,.,. nul J:u'MI ".,11 Iny nllM'r .,....,.i.1. 

For appointments or information 455·5795 or 
call the Optical Department at 622·9365 

• 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd •• 587·4844 

COSTA 
VERDE ~ 
(ARWASH 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

_r- UCSD I 
ill 

L. Joli. VIII.V. Dr. UTC 
r I J I ~".I Or . ;J ~ 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------: III Fun Service $:2 99 l 
: W~6~ f~.!! !~§t! J...... : 
I C <\R WASH Nat VIIId.., n oN oller. SAVE $4.01 I 

e..no 1211st2 I 
L ______________________ _ 

top five Ii t: 
I. Monster Mash is a full-()n 

rdve Los Angeles-style featuring 
California's best DJs and live 
perfonnances by ravemasters 
MOOy and Lunatic Fringe. The 
costume comest alone is incentive 
enough to drive all the way to the 
Hollywood Park Race Track and 
Pavilion. Eight costume winners 
will fly to London. New York. Sun 
Francisco or Las Vegas. For more 
info call 685-3683. 

Halloween. During his last 
appearance at the San Diego 
Spoils Arena he walked off stage 
earl y for reasons thai weren't 
explained. His disappearing act 
could have had something to do 
with the Spoils Arena's lax front 
row security for that particular 
show. Morrissey should be out to 
redeem himself after last year's 
wanker event. 

3. Howl Arena I. second night: 
For those who didn't get enough 
on 

Friday night. the San Diego Spons 
Arena will pump up the jam with 
radio station Z-90. Sir-Mix-A-Lot 
packs plenty of beat as the 
headliner of three bands. Under- I 8 
welcome. 

4. Funkma.~ter.> Flanen Manhat-
tan. and top San Diego DJs Mark 
E. Quark and Ecstatic slam the . 
UlysM:s S. Grant Hotel in the heart 
of downtown. This gathering will 
be the ultimate urban experience. 
convenient to those bar-hopping in 

the Gaslamp District. 2. Morrissey cOllcen at the Del 
Mar Fairgrounds. The show 

promi se~ to provide enough 
mood and angst to fix 

5. Evar Productions 
ffllH.'BII7J. celebr.ltes with a local 

rave featuring the 
all Morrisseyl 
Smiths addicts 
until next 

Confidence Is Just 
A Phone CallAway . .. 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
WWCOST 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
(1",,,,rdIDI. Tn/ R .. ullS) 

PREGNANCY TERMINATION 
(<At,....! or Local A" .. /'-4J) 

cream of San 
Diego's DJ crop. Evar is famous 
all over town for throwing some of 
San Diego's best mves like Opium 
and Back To Basics. ;I., well as the 
weekly Saturday morning after-
pany. Micromve. Hopefully thi s 
one won ' t get busted like Temple 
of Boom lIid last weekend. For 
more infonnation . call 61\5-3490. 

Sunday. Nov. I : Ruve in the 
Park. Cool down under the 
Coronado Bridge with one of the 
scell<!' s most trusted after-panies 
(Sunday Morning). This is a Ia.st 
ga.~p after a hard weekend of 
Halloweening. 

Last word~ 'ofadvice : don't eat 
the apples, pany sman and have a 

Graphtc by Roger KuolGu.tdhln Happy Halloween . 

AFFORDABlE BIRTII CONTROL 
S1lJDENf DISCOUNfS 

Insurl,"~. Vis ... MtulerCllrtl. 
~ Owd IFdrom" 

(619) 535-1379 

Thll ..... llly. O<-tolwr :29_ 1<)C)2 

TOOHY 
Batman R.turns·, last 

summer' s blockbuster release 
which pits the Caped Crusader 
against the Penguin, shows at the 
Price Center Theater at 6:30, 9 
and II :30 p.m. Tickets are $2. 
Info: 534-4090. 

Judy Tenuta. the "Queen of 
Camp" will perfonn two shows 
at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana 
Beach. The first show is at 7 and 
the second is at 9:30 p.m. Info: I 
4RI-!H40. 

The Kronos Quartet the 
only hip classical string 4u,Inet 
that often plays rock music se-
lections during its concerts. will 
pelfoml ut Copley Symphony 
Hall at 8 p.m. Info: 699-4200. 

fRIDAY 
Barry Gifford will read from 
and sign his book Nigllf People. 
The reading begins at 7:30 p.m. 
at the Blue Door Bookstore. Info: 
298-8610. 

The CandidJJtIe, starring Rob-
en Redford. will be shown at 7 
p.m. in SLH 107. Admission IS 
free. 

Th .. UC.SD GlIIlI'(lillll 

UP CO M II G 

The San Diego Actor.> Theatre pre- Ex-Smiths singerMorrisseysings 
sentstheblackcornedy"TheV .... his self-pitying songs at theO 'Brien 
pires" at 8 p.m. at the Athens Mar- Pavi I ion at the Del Mar mce tmck. 
ket Restaumnt downtown.1l1ere are I Info: 278-TIXS. 
prizes for the best costumes and I S U II 0 R Y 
tickets are $25. Info: 268-4494. II 

SRTURORY 
The Lindsey String Quartet 
plays pieces from Haydn. Tippett 
anll Schuben at R p.m. in tlw 
Mandeville Auditodum. Admi~sion 
for students is $10. Info: 534-4090. 

The original 1925 classic I'fun. 
tom of the Opera starring Lon 
Chaney will be presented at the 
Museum of Contemporary An in 
La Jolla. The musical score will be 
provided by the San Diego Cine-
Phonic Orcheslm at 2:30 and 8 p.m. 
Admission mnges from $9 to $13. 
Info: 454-3541. 

Country singer Travis Tritt plaY' 
with Marty Stuart at the DS 
Open Air Theatre at 7 p.m. Info: 
27K-TIXS. 

TU[SORY 
The cult film classic Repo MlIII 
shows at the Price Center llleater m 

1 7 and 10 p.m. Admis~ion i~ $1. 

WEOIESDRY 
Violinists Janos N6&Yesy und 
Pilvlcki Nykter perfOml in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall at R p.m. 
Ticket are $5 for students. Info: 
534-5404. 

I 
Luis Alfaro, Douglas Sad· 
ownick and David Vernon will 
read from their work in the anthol -
ogy Mc'II Oil M ell ./ : 81'S( N(,II"Gay 
Ficrioll at the Blue D r Book-

~tore in Hillcrest at 7:30 p.m. Info: 
29tl-!l6 10. 534-.W60. 

.'ngoing 

TH[RTER 
La Jolla Playhouse: Shake-
~peure's " Much Ado About Noth-
ing" runs through Nov. 29. Perfor-
mances are Tuesday through Satur-
d;lyat 8 p.m. with m;ltinees at2 p.m. 
on Saturday and Sunday. Tickc:t ~ 
range from $23 to $29. Info: 534-
3793. 

I 409 Studio Theater: Michael 
Schwartz, a UCSD undergmduate. 

Rf*IoIIuc::ketplays hard rock wi th 
Total EdIpse and Eden at Club 
860 in Pacific Beach at 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $12.50 in advance, Sl5 
day of the show. Info: 272-1513. 

directs "Firebugs:' The play runs 
.Joan Retaladc will read from through Oct. 31 wi th perfonnances 
her work at 4:30 p.m. in the Davisl Wednesday through Snturday at 8 
Riverside Room in the Price Center p.m. and Friday at II p.m. 
at 4:30 p.m. Info: 534-2533. I Info: 534-3793. 

III nus :i 

BIac:kfriars Theatre: Oscar 
Wilde's sutire 'The Imponance 
of Being Earnest" runs through 
Dec. 13 with performances 
Thursdays through Saturdays at 
8 p.m. and Sunduys at 2 and 7 
p.m. Tickets mnge from $10 to 
$1 H. Info: ~32-40K8. 

GRLLERIES 
Mandeville Gallery: " Manny 
Farber: Black and White Paint-
ings. 19K5- 19':l I." i, on exhibit 
until Nov. l. Ad111i~~ion i~ free . 
The gallery is open Tue~day 
through Sunday. noon to .'i p.m. 
Info: 534-.1120. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Mexlem Dancc ,1\ Mu,c: 
The An of Francol,e Gilot:' a 
pieC\! featuring thc wor).. of Brit-
ish sculptor Antony GOllnley. i~ 
on di,play until Dec.9. TIle mu-
seum is open Tuesd;IY through 
Sunday from 10 a.lIl. to 5 p.m. 
and Wednesday fr 111 10 .... m. to 
I) p.111. Admission for ~tllllent~ is 
$2. Info: 4.'i4-35-l1. 

The Art Store: "All Grey 
AI1:' a collection of 0111 by Gigi 
Clur).; and Andreu Leigh will be 
on display through Ocl. 3 1. Both 

ani~ts are alumni of the UCSD 
Visual AI1s progmlll lind thcl r 
work addre~~<!s t he i~~ue of N EH 
fumlilll; and censor~hip. Info: 
233-'>544. 



III \ TllS I Tlw lieS!) Gllllroliull 

MOYIE REYIEW 
Consenting Adults: Film is Fonnulaic 

But the real breaking point in the 
relationship comes when Eddy suggest:. 
they switch wive~ for a night. While the 
issue of mate-swapping might lead to 
discu:. ... ions of Il10rJlity and iSl>ues about 
personul relationships. Eddy's proposal i, 
I10l even a fe:L~ible one. He thinks their 
groggy wives wi ll not know the difference 
when they are arou!>ed for some late night 
hanky-panky. Richard i~ appalled and 
breaks off the friend~hip. 

By Jeff NIese! 
H,atus Editor 

TIle premi~e of the movie Cm'Jrllfing 
A"IIII.~ ,eems prombing. From trJilers llnd 
previews. it appears the movie will deal 
with the i,sue of mate-swapping and 
po .... ibly rai<;e ~ome question~ "bout the 
lI"ture of human sexual relation .. hip", But 
the film only touc he~ on hum"n se)(uality a' 
it quickly tum, into u fonnulaic thriller. 

Richard Parker (Kevin Kline) and 
Priscilla Parker (Mal)' Elizabeth 
Ma:.trantonio) are the h"ppily married 
couple who ~eem to have everything going. 
for them. Riclk1rd compo,e .. TV commer-
ci.1I jingle~ and Priscilla help~ him manage 

hi s busine,~ . TIleir lives change. however. 
when new neighbo", move in. 

llle lIuy &Jc.Jy Otb (Kevin SpllCey) and 
Kay Otb (RdJecca Miller) move in nex t 
door. it is apparent they are quite different 
froillthe Parke",. Eddy rides II motorcycle 
and Kay lounges in lingerie in front of her 
bedroom window. On tilt: other e)(treme. an 
exciting day for the Parke", consi~ts of a 
bicycle ride "round the block. But de~pi te 
the~e difference~. the two couples quickly 
ix.'Come friends and ,tun to go on lohon 
vacations together. Ec.Jdy·, thrill-seeking 
,ometime:. :.cures Rkhard .• md when he 
fake, .. n accicientto obtain an in,urance 
claim. the Parle.,> het'Ome ,u~piciou,. 

Eventually. Richard and Eddy becolJl'e 
friends again. When Richard l>t:eS Eddy 
singing Christmas carob. he decides he' s 
not such a bad guy and the two reconcile 
their differences. Rich~lrd al"o hu. .. a chunge 
of hean about swi tching wives for a night. 
One night he "neaks over to have l>CX with 
half-awake Kay - it seems the only 
"conl>Cnting" adults ill thi s film are male. 

llle ne t day. Kay i~ dead and Richard 
i, in jai l 'l~ the prime ~U'ipec l. Apparently 

~he had a million dollar lite insur.lIlce 
policy that Richard wanted to ca:.h in on. 

Up until thi~ point. the plot had ~n ~et 
up tediously. After thb it becollle~ it 
predictable thriller. 

Kline is nevt:r totally engaging in hi~ 
rolc!. He w,.lb around in a tr.lllCe 1ll0~t of 
the time - maybe he h'L~ been ~tllnned by 

Kay'~ lingerie ,how or mayhe he ', heard 
too Ill.my C0ll111lel\:i,,1 jingle,. Ma:.tr.lI1tonio 
always make~ a good faithful wife (~he W,l'i 
Maid Marian in Rollin Hood: Prillc(, 11' 
T"i('\'('.~). but ,he is nondel>Cript in thi, tilm. 
TIle only actor with any ,park b Kevin 
Spal:ey. but with the w •• y he plays up 
Ec.Jdy·s psychotic nature. his c1w.-.lcter 
almo,t gee, over till! edge. 

Director Alan J. P"kula may have a 
kmll:k for cmfting nervy thrille~. hut the 
fomlulll in thb film wears thin. ami nei ther 
the Otil>C' nor the Parke .... lire familie, you 
would really care to know. 

Russell Ath/~tic Is The. World's Leading Manufacturer Of Team Uniforms And Athletic Apparel. Look For 
Russell AthletIC In Sportmg Goods Stores, College Bookstores And Fine Department Stores. Made In US.A. 

RUSSELl: 
LETIC 

Heritage· Qualify· Performance 

'1'1 ... L1eSD GUIII'llillll 11I ·\TlI!'i II .') 

Ki rby's has live music 
Wednesday thru Sunday Evenings 7-9:30 
(Colli for details) 

CS~RS:8'S NIGH1S 
U with Dave & Tony, . 

f 12 Gauge PersuasIOn) (A~t8EERS 2 for 1 
d Night only 7-10 pm Thurs ay '1 ble 

Non-alcoholic beverages avat a 

The healthiest food in Del Mar! 
215 Fifteenth Street in Del Mar 
4 B 1 -1 001 

&.A. S1411 & • . . ,., 
UCSD BOX OFfiCE ·,.:534~&~&1 

fiiSiit'~'i •• 
-"~=.-l.:."'~ '':=':~ 
.,.,a78-T ••• 

.0 __ 1 .. 

,.... ...... .., 
UCSI UNMIIIm 

mm OFFICE 

La Jaffa 

lhUflJdatj Cottege Night 
$T.OO CodJaiftJ and CbmultG finfd 

$"50 Ba(jtj, Guine-&J. ftnd Sam ftdamfJ fin(d 
JaBgermellJfer, Rump{erJ, Sour flppterJ, 

furrie ftooterIJ, J h/tlJe !'1en 
~u Gatt (tf 

$1.50 
Cf..JJ Prospect St. La loUa California 92JJ37 

454-9664 
All Glass t'b fbs1X:: Gasses 

. , 



11(. II Ii\ TUS 1'1 ... UeSI) GIIUI'tlilill 

A Halloween Treat 
For You 

From Your Friends At 

The Sunshine Store 
• Revelle Sundry Store 

October 26th - November 6th 

COLOR REPRINT 
SPECIAL 

3 Y2" Standard Size 4 x 6 Extra Large 
15¢ ea. 19¢ ea. 

LJCSD 
U{)OK !J. l (.'>If l 

Bring in you favorite color negatives for 
great quality reprints ... And remember, you 
a/ways get a second set of color prints FREE 
from original color print rolls. 

STUDENT REGENT 
Excellent opporruniry [0 
represent UC students 

tuition 
waived for 

Applications are due by 
5:00 pm, November 6, 

The OnJy student 
perspective 

on the Board of 
Regents 

in the Chancellor's Office. 

Applications are available at the following locations: 
AS Offices, 3rd floor, Price Center . 
GSA Office, 2nd floor, Student Crr, Bldg A 
Student Information, Price Center (EDNA) 
College Dean's Offices 
Scbool of Medi~ine, Student Affairs 
Chancellor's Office 

Candidates must be 
currentJy enrolled and 

in good standing 

Thursday, Octoher 29, 1992 

R(CORD 
R(YIEN 
R.E.M.:Exciting 
Automatically 
By Jeff NIeMI 
Hiatus Editor 

Ever since R.E.M. teamed up 
with producer Scott Litl for its 
1987 release Document, the band 
has been hit-and-miss when it 
comes to capll~ring the aura of 
early releases like Chronic Towl/ 
and Murlllllr. The latest release, 
Amomatic/or the Prople. i a 
solemn, brooding work. and the 
orchestml arrangements and the 
minimalist approach are effective 
only some of the time. 

What makes R.E.M. such a 
compelling band is the indescrib-
able haunting edge that sometimes 
comes across in its music. Last 
year's hit "Losing My Religion" 
had that mix of genuine emotion 
and obscure, open-ended lyrics 
which yield a variety of interpreta-
tions. Lead singer Michael Stipe's 
lyrics hinted at more than a loss of 
faith in religion - he was 
addressing his own loss of faith in 
his ability as a performer. 

The single "Drive" is pemaps 
one of the best songs on Awo-
matic', but that's not due to it 
content. On "Drive," R.E.M. 
rehashes the concept that music 
can playa subversive role in 
people's lives. The theme is 
similar to Ow o/Time ' s "Radio 
Song." 

One of the most noticeable 
changes on Automatic is the use of 
string arrangements. Although 
R.E.M. has used strings in the 
past. on this album there is a bOlla 
fide orche tra playing arrange-
ments composed by Led Zeppelin 
alumnus John Paul Jones, and the 
album has an unchamcteri stic '70s 
feel to it. Sometimes. especially 
on the song "Nightswimming," 
Stipe's vocals do not live up to the 
lush music and hi voice takes on 
the high-pitched whine which was 
dominant on Greell. 

Even though R.E.M. is taking a 
somber tone on Alltomatic, the 
band maintains it sense of humor. 
They invoke Dr. Seuss and his 
"Cat in the Hat" on "The 
Sidewinder Sleeps 10nite." 

" Ignoreland" takes a shot at the 
recent Republican reign of power. 
The refmin "defense, defense, 
defense." which is chanted like a 
football cheer. is a humorous 
characterization of Republican 
politics. 

R.E.M. may not be able to 
chum out engaging mosic 
consistently. but on songs like 
"Try Not to Breathe" and "Monty 
Got a Raw Deal," R.E.M. shows 
that it is still one 
of the most 
provocative 

The UCSD Guanlian Il li\TUS 7 

COLLEG~NIG/{1' 
EVERY THURSDAY 

l!0 8 PM-CLOSE o~Q .. 
o • PPE!IZER~ .. \2eDR!'FTS 0 

0 " ... <:> $~OO ~wELL DRINKS 
POol tahh . \~, t-l1a\\ ~bootet~ 

es na~~e\' 
_----'I ToRREl's 

LA JOLLA MARRIOTT 
• Must Be 21 Years OIJ to Entc'r 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

(619)587-1414 ext. 6220 

2forl 
FRIDAY 
NIGHT 

ADMISSION 
wilh th,s'u 

Casio's most powerful 
personal organizer-the 
Executive B. O.S.S . 
Keep your schedule, appointments, phone 
directory and important memos in one of 
Casio's pocket,sized personal data managers! 
Optional Memory Expansion Cards are avail, 
able to add more memory and additional 
powerful functions, Available at: 

Electronics department 
5344320 
mon-frI8am-6pm/sat 10am-5pm 



III \TUS H 

~ __ ~::,~n. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

I) F~~~~~~~~Y* 
• $20 mirumum purthue' Within 5 mile r.d,Ul of <ampUl 

t-\P IIJtlJ4'~ 
No, ",.ltd wuh 
any olMr ocr.r 

as always, 10% O~~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455 5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (10 the Halph's Center. 
• Prompt delivery. 7 d;IY~;] ~eek Open d ily .1111· pill 

The "Sun" is. always Tr.-m&"'an 
shining at • ( 

2TANS$J: 
One for you, One for a fri nd 

~~---=-. ' First tllTlC cb nt on~ " ,lh ,h,s C'>upon 10' STUDENT 
Lose 6" Guaranteed 

European Body Wrap--only $48 
DISCOUNT on 0/1 

servICes & products 
With UCID II) 

Not. lemPOfIlY W8(rf lOss · Reo... f ct ,It dl(J sttetcn IndIh 

Sensitive, Affordable Dental Care 
Wc'rl' IIlIl1!,!.1 Ill' ' lu tlo: ,II rn\llh h' Jl·IlI,tI,.lrc . C'n' l' l1ll'O! h"lIr. 
,111.1 It. .. llhll) l " 'Ild, .1 11.1 "Innt-: Irr.III11,·nt .11 ,ltford.ll'>k I<:e,. All 111 ,1 
,m.11I bUI I'>r,lI1,l 11<'\\ ,knt .11 "l itlC \luh 1I1,lindu,ll en , II1J nd,'" .mJ 
nment 11:.ldll1!! 1ll.lten.1i h ' J'I't \I~I ,111:, 1-0: ,Iunn!! y\\ur " 1'11 . 

'-Something t;; 
Smile About: I 

$2900 lh,·,l Ul', I 
t-o:,t /I. rn" Idc p,,:,'cntl\',·, ""l11l'I" , ,1I1J re,lIlr.lfI\·l' 
dental "trt: I .. ~t'cr y,'ur ,!t·nt.1i bill, d,\\\n ,1I1J yl'm 
mouth he.drhl f~'r ,I Iiktlllll: n)C Ilttll' nt:\\ dental 
"liter 111 LI ). ,11,1 

X-r,II", I 
or;11 (.II1(,' r ,([,'rn, I LA JOLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 
!!lItl1C",lm, 

ck.lI1l11t-: (d,~, nllt I James E. Sanford" D.D.S. 
tndltJt: I!ltll) I ~ I I"I L'CSD l11.\urOl1<'f ocLt{ICe,1 • Rda.\eJ , fiyluH, 

I lUOl"'/>hc,,' • \ 1J..~"Sle,e,, · kmm- ADA. CDA. Sf DS 
Reg. 97 I 
Iltkl . J 141Ih "kolnt I 

IIJtI~'IlIJH' ,,",, "l"~ ""' ''' \:dl&4. .. 1 I 
[\I"'f\ 1I1l:"'~ I 

'-- ___ ---1 

La Jolin ViUa~e Professional enter 
950 Vi/In La Jolin Dr. , uite 2103 

/ -5 nt III Jolin Vil/n D,-ive 
Top FlooI-,]lIst ucbilld tbe Elepbnllt Bnr 

558-3490 

. AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW e Audi eASE Certified 
--------------------

Must p19Sent coupon and void UCSO ID at hme of estrnole 
Not vohd With maJOI engine 01 transmISSIon repon 

i , 1 450~94941!g 
--

~ 
~ 

IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR AUDIS, 
ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T 

DISCOVERED us YET, ASK US FOR REFERENCES. 
5370 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE L __ ~ _________________ ~ 

Tht· lies!) Guardian 

MOVI[ R[VIEW 
Candyman: Satisfies a Craving for Horror 
By Matthew Schnurer 
Guardian Reporter 

Watching Joe Watson and 
Tommy Tucker roll nude through 
rancid cotton candy can't compare 
to the pine-shattering chills that 
Cafldyman di hes out. Past the 
bloody gore and the hook-
wielding fiend. thi movie taps a 
mainline of horror that makes two 
tubs of cellulite look like the 
Easter Bunny on parade. Even 
though the film has its problem. . 
it has the impact of a bloody hook 
,lung up your nose. 

Ba<>ed on the Clive Barker 
book rhe Forbiddell. CCJlldymulI 
explore. the irrational nature of 
oml folklore and the h rror whi h 

lie~ beneath. Set in Chicago. the 
film pits <; I..eptical gr..lduate 
,tudent lIelen Lyle (Virginia 
Mad!>en) again,t the legend of a 
h k-handed killer (Tony T d) 
who can be summoned by 
chanting "Candyman" five times 
while I I..ing in a mirror. 

Helen'!\ re~arch take~ her to 

the Cabrini Green hou'iing 
projects. the site of a murder 
which is anributed to the mythical 
Candyman. Braving the dangers 
of the projects. Helen discovers 
that there is more to this legend 
than she had anticipated -
Candyman really exists. 

Soon he find. herself and 
those around her caught in a 
vortex of gothic horror and 
bloodlening. and herself fmmed 
for an ever-increasing bod count 
that Candyman perpetuate~ to 
continue his existence. Helen 
finet. no solace in her unfaithful 
hu band (Xander Berkeley) nor 
the fresh corpse of her friend 
(Ka,i Lemmons) and face. the 
horror of Candy man alone. 

11lough hampered by an 
occasionally thin plot and two-
dimensional char.lcters which are 
annoyingly standard for horror 
films. CUlldYlIll1I/ slice. through 
\ ith stunning ~pecial effects and 
undiluted terror. Beller yet. this 
film come~ with not one_ but two 

climactic ending. , 
So don't wa!\te your m neyon 

the other Halloween g re flicks. 
the ones with zombie admini tr.l-
tors sucking juices out of students. 
Go see a film which leave. a 
scr.ltching virus of fear in your 
head. Go see a film in which you 
will have trouble sleeping at night. 
Go see 

Helen investiptes the scene 
of a grisly murder. 

Lindamood-Bell 
Learning Processes 

Offering diagnosis and treatment of learning disorders, 
includjng dyslexia, through one-to-one tutoring. 

• One-la-one treatment lo develop: 
Ph netic Processing for Reading and Spelling 
Imagery for Comprehension 

• Four week lnten ive Clinic 
• Years f gain p ible in week 

f treatment! 

1/2 Fee Diagnostic 
Evaluation through 

November 
619-259-3206 or 800-234-6224 

445 Marine View Drive, Ste_ 290, Del Mar, CA 92014 
Centers In: 

San Die o· San Luis Obis • Sacramento • Kansas C' 

Rt==/BNRtl 

\t \ 111'111"1'11 T.·I"·IIIlVl\\ H. 11111' 
\ ... ill" , .. t •• Il('{'4InH' tilt' \\urlll o .. lar'l!t',,",1 
"'U I)plit·r of f'ommuni"Ulionoi '" "' I(·m ... . 
\ '" lilt' \\orld (· \ uh.· ... from 

un illdu"'lrialln an infnnnulion 
"",,·i..-I > ° rt·ali1illj! thi~ vi.!'lion ht·('unt. '., 
,ilol. \ lIrl 10 furth.'r thr tim' art IOf 
f'ummultit'aliol1. \U' n('('(1 M)m p n{· w 

lul.>1l1. P'- 'pt.' who ha, e irl~". ond rail 
", .. "nllillit·ntf' thr ill . Tu l.·ntf'(-I pt'o •• I, · 
\\ It .. "un Iwlp u" n'alizt' uur dr, 'am. 

Tn .It'nuu, .. tro', ' nur ,'umnutnlt'nl to thf' 
tul.··.Ht'4I,"-'Hplf· who jUIIl u~ . "" , nff,'r a 

tlln"t '- ~t ',Jr "nlplf;~ IIIf' " , nmtru(·t . 
I A'anl flIIU'" uhulil uur (''''''ptional 
n, 'I " .. 11111111 ..... for t'1'lDnt"'('rin~ wadualt .... . 

"I",uk Ill' : '1'.·11 II- al. ,ul ) (lIIr-.. lfI.) 
.. lul'l'''' ''' ,II 0111' hHu,h fir "!(,,,din,.:: \Hllr 
,. · ... 01111' to ; \ untl, ' r n r.· tf'f'om . \U n : 
Lull"J!" Ift't·rllilllt!!. (~.; Ea,1 
\Iitldl,·ti,·I.1 H""d . \llIlInl~," \ u·" . 
C· \ '1I/WJ 7~77 . 

\\ •. ur.· '''' EIIII,,1 C'l'l'0rllllll!, Em 
pIH~f'r . \\ t' tin nul ,1. ..... rirnlltuh ' 1111 II .. , 
i.u"buf run~. rl'li~HHI. .'olor. !!It" . nil" , 
lIutlHnat urI,nn ur th .. ullilit) . ",ortlwrn 
T.·I.·.·om/l!'1H i- rom mitlNI 10 II drll!! 

fn'" "orkl'lurl' ontllK'rform. 1''''-
""'pl" m.·"t Ir-linj! fill' ,·urrl·"t IlIf'~al 
II-a!!,' of .Inol' . 


