
TGs With Beer 
Could Include 
Anti-OrugTheme 

Another Game, Another Win 

• Alcohol committee's approval 
may clear the way for return of 
events; Anderson till skeptical 
By Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editor 

"The IJCSD Alcohol and Sub tance Abu e Com-
mittee tentatively agreed on Friday to recommend 
that TGs with beer remain in the Price Center, as long 
as the A ociated Student (A.S.) participates in the 
distribution of alcohol and substance abuse educa-
tional material. 

A vote on the final word-
ingofseveralspecificguide-
lines is planned for this Fri-
day at 10 a.m. 

The comm illee' recom-
mendation will go to Assis-
tant ViceChancellorofStu-
dent Development John 
Giebink, who will then ad-
vise ViceChancellorofUn-
dergraduate Affairs Joseph Watson in the making of 
the final deci ion on the fate of the TGs. 

"The committee is asking that the A.S. promote 
responsible drinking through pamphlets which will 
be available at various location during TG ,and by 
printing logan onbannersaswellasonthearmbands 
given to . tudents age 21 and over who wish to drink. 

Alcohol abuse education would also be provided 
for all A.S. members and other people who are 
involved with the TGs. 

In addition. the committee suggested that a speaker 
or comedian who includes alcohol education in his or 
her presentation appear at least once a quaner. 

A.S. Pre ident Agustin Orozco and A.S. Commis-
sioner of Programming Daniel Bondurant agreed to 

See TGIF, Page 3 

Brad Halte and John Spence (above) helped lead the Tritons to a 90-84 win over UC 
Santa Cruz Saturday night in UCSD's final game of the regular season. The win was 
the Tritons' 17th in a row. See Sports, page 16. 

Senator Writes Bill to Umit 
Fee Increases to 10 Percent 
• Edson says cuts must be made in UC services, salary increases 
unless more money is appropriated for the university system 
By Dan Krauss 
Staff Writer 

In a move to challenge the Univer-
sity of California's autonomy, State 
Senator An Torres (D-Los Angeles) 
has worked with student leaders to 
author Senate Bill 1446, which would 
force the UC Regents to comply with a 
state law stipulating a I o percent yearly 
fee increase limit for UC schools. 

The bill also would apply to the 
California State University system. 

Although the university is not re-
quired to follow state law, SB 1446 
would essentially force the university 
to abide by the 10 percent fee increase 
limit guidelines enacted by the tate in 
1985. 

The bill proposes that for every 
dollar the university collects from the 
students in excess of the state limit, a 
dollar will be taken away from the 

;. ,enerai funding prov~ by the state 
• for the universities. 

"We routinely hear from the uni-
versity thai we an: wasting our time 
fighting the fee increase, that the legis-
lature has no authority over the Re-
gents," wrote University of California 
Student Association (UCSA) Vice 
Praident and Fifth College senior John 

A.S. President Agustin Orozco calls 
the bill a "radical step." 
Edson in a Feb. 20 statement. 

"The legislation which Senator 
Torres is carrying on our behalf would 
give the legislature control over stu-
dent fees. It would give the legislature 
the tools to correct the injusttce which 
is being proposed," he continued. 

Additionally. the bill specifies that 
the universities must alen students and 
the public at least IO months in ad-
vance of the fall term in which fee 
increases become effective. 

"Last year, students stood aside and 
See BILL, Page 8 

Do Local Fee Protests 
A~Dec~~ake~? 
By Mary Betty Heard 
News Editor 

At noon on Wednesday, student and faculty demonstmtors 
led by Direct Action for Education (DAE) gathered on the Gym 
steps to protest the latest rise in student fees. At the same time. 
other students stopped in Revelle Plaza to listen to open-air 

NEWS ANALYSIS 
evangelist Cliffe Knechtle, a guest of the lnter-Varsity Chris-
tian Fellowship. 

The protest mlly of around 20 students marched from the 
gym steps to the Undergmduate Libmry (UGL) past the evan-
gelist, whose dialogue on abortion drew over 200 people by I 
p.m. 

The DAE "Study-in "hadattr.lcted only I 00 people just after 
UGL's closing time. DAE's intent was to stay all night in the 
library with the doors open. a symbolic move representing the 
closing of the doors of education on many students due to fee 
hikes. 

After consultation between DAE and the libmry staff. an 
agreement was reached which allowed the library taff to lock 
the building, and gave control of who could enter and leave to 
DAE. 

Following an evening torch-lit march around campus. the 
study-in received covemge by local television stations. The rest 
of the night passed without incident;Q9d 'Ieepy students 
stumbled out of the building at 8 a.m. • 

The small tum-out for the protesting of something that 
affects almost every student on thi campus mises the question 
of what student interest really are and of h w widespread 
student apathy is at UCSD. 

More imponanrly, it also raises the question of the effective-
See PROTESTS, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

o..ce Dera b.1iRt to PIodIIC8 find 
WInter DaIce festival on MM:h 8 

Eleven scudcnI chorcogJapbersAl UCSD will bave Ibeir 
works performed II the upoomina WUlICr o.occ Festival. 
to be performed March 8 II 8 p.m. in tbc MlndeviUc 
Audiloriwn. 

According to UCSD Dance Program coonIinIror Mar-
garet Marshall. die c:t.noc program f.adly decided 00 
Friday whose worts would be performed in die festival. 
Another II choreographers who were not chosen for die 
festival will feature dleir work. atastudcnldancecooccn 00 
March 14. 

Marshall said that making the choice of who would 
perfocm in the festival was diffICult. "This is die fll'lt year 
that the dance program 11M been an academic cuupoueDt 
of die UCSD Department of Theater, and young dancers 
have started to come out of tbc woodwork.." she said. 

"All of the choreographers arc dancers. .. MmhalI said. 
"Most of them have haddancc: uaining for some time prior 
to coming to UCSD. But a few began dancing only a few 
years ago. One student danced in the Los AnaeJes pr0duc-
tion of ' A OJOrus Line.' Another is a graduateengincering 
student." 

"'The talent we are seeing this year is some of the best 
I've seen in 15 years," Marshall added. 

Before July I. 1991. the dance program was an element 
of die UCSD Depanment of Pbysical Education, where it 
was previously offered as part of a general instruction 
program fora minor in physical fitness and health manage-
ment. 

TIle dance program now has bccome available to under-
graduate students as a full 2~t academic minor, 
which includes 12 units of movement courses from ballet. 
jazz dance, modem dance and dance for musical theater. 

Prior to the program's achieving minor swus. only 
three credits were available to undergraduaIes. The aca-
demic component of the program offers courses in dance 
history, pcrfOl1lJlUlCC. clxnollflphy and cJesi&n. 

TICkets fordle March6pedonnance arc $1 Ofor genenal 
admission, $8 for seniors and $6 for Sbldenls.. 

Calvin and Hobbes 

Tbc UCSD Guanlian 

Pen:u ... an.tPolIClloS ..... toPelfDnn 
At ....... AIdtDIIIIn 11111 n.nday 

Pen:uSIionist IUd coop pIa)w Pooc:ho SIncbe:z IIDd IUs 
Latin Jazz Ensemble wiD ~ 1bunday It 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

$andIez pew up Ijslmina ID NCOIdinp by Sa'M'-i&. 
M8cbiIo. Eddio PIImicri, TIID"" a.e fiIdIer_1bc 
man who was 10 becane his 1IICIIIOr, Cal Tj8der. 8y Ibc lime 
be w. 17 yean old, be WM performing wiIb a bMd in to. 
AnFb" w.lIIcr inviacd 10 join Tj8d«'s bMd. 

For seven yean. until T,pdct's daIIb in 1982, Senchez 
performed witb die TJ8dc:r group. touring and RlOOI'd.ina nu-
merous albums, irduding Ibe Gnmmy A ward-winniDI "La 
Onda Va 8ieo." 

Sanc.hez hII performed on numerous otber recordinp IDd 
has played II jazz falivals and clubs around the COWJIry. 

TICkets for die eveol am $12 for 1lUdenIs. $16 for ..... 
admission and $14 b'1Iel1iCIn. 

N uc EWS 
I r / ( I'.' ~ •. If'. . .. . . '-, \....., 

UCLA~SbIdentEnrcAI" 
In DecIne, ~toRecentUC Report 

LOS ANGELES - 1be number of traditionally 
uodem:presenIcd SIUdents in thenalion°s coUeges ison the rise, 
but Ua.A·s numbers fail to compIddy maICb up. 

According to campus stalillics, die number of African... 
Americans at Ua..A trails behind that ollbe nation bccuie 
fewer of these students have c:boscn 10..-this univasity in 
die past few years. 

However, the number of Latinos and AsiIm enrolled at 
UQ..A is equal to that of ocher coIJcae campuses. 

Benveen 1988aod 1990, Ua..AexperiClll.1cda4.16perceot 
decrease in its African-American P"P'1Minn. 

In the following year, the fagurca dropped anoIber 5.6 
percena. acconIing toaRCelll University of California affinna... 
tive action report. 

However, African-Ameriam ~ nationwide in-
creased by 8.2 pen:enI from 1988 10 1990. aa:ordina to die 
American CouociJ of Edllcalion '5 IUrVeY 01 minority enroU-
menI in die nacioo', coIIep 

UQ.A's 22.19 peR:aJI growth in tbc number of Asiao-

by Bill Watterson 

stR\())9-''(. '100 
CWJ) MlE.'/iQ. 

~~l\If.l 
1~lC\l~ 
IIMltR I:lOSlB> 
... NIIBW.!" , 

Moaday, February U. 1992 

Americ:In ........ between 1988 and 1990exocedcd.lhe 
1IIIioIl'1 11.7 peRlIIII iacIaIe. 

The LaIino COIIIIIIUIIity experienced a 12.46 percent 
increIIe between 1988 and 1990, a JIUWIh thallDIIChcs 
the nation', 11.5 pen:calrise in those yem.Jn 1991. thai 
number IQIC III ecIcIjrjoneJ 4.21 pen;en. 

N SCIENCE --L EWS=r= 
•• r , • • • .-

,I , I .,,: \ •• '-, 

UCSDMedSchoolGlven$2.5L on 
Gnmt tor AI 11.1. ReseiRh Center 

The National Institute of Althritisand Musc:uloskeletal 
and Skin Diseasca bas awarded die UCSD School of 
Medicine $2.5 million 10 fund the Multipurpose Anhrilis 
and MuscuJoskcJetaI Disease Center, one of 14 such 
centers nationwide. 

The goel of die center is 10 increase understanding 
about arthritis and oIberchronic musculoskeldal diseases 
and dcvcJop beaer rreaameaas. 

Arthritis, 0SIe0p0I0Sis, lupus. simple back pain and 
oIher lIWSkuloskeletal diseases arc not life-threatening. 
yet tbey do rob their viaims of independe~.ce. successful 
careers and IIWIY of life's small pleasures. Nearly every 
fllllily in the COW1Iy is affected by AI leasI one of these 
disorders - in San DieSO County a1one, approximately 
360,000 people suffer from anhritis. 

"Pain and disability from musculoskeletal diseases is 
one of the moIlcornmon reasons people see their doctors, 
yet the rese&lCh base dedicaled to these diseases is small. 
We hope to encourage local investigators from all disci-
plines to become involved in searching for die causes and 
developing bea.er aattncnlS, " IiIIid Cenaer Dim:tor Den-
nis Carson. a professor of medicine at UCSD. 

Carson also directs UCSD's Sam and Rose Stein 
Institute for ReseardJ on Alina. 

Aa:ordina 10 Canon, die progrwn is also a service for 
physicians and p8IierD in San Diego. Physicians can 
become associared wi1b cUnicallrials for promising new 
therapies and make tbem available 10 Ibeir paIieIIIS. 

The U.s. Conpeu established the mulIipurpose ceo-
len in 1976 in lespoMe 10 Ibe NaUonal Aa1briciI AI:t and 
NIlionIlArlbrilis Plan. A SIn Diegoceaww. located II 
the Scripps Raean:b InsIiIutc ..... Canon's dira:tion, 
but was discontinued wbcn Ouson ame 10 UCSD. 

G77lerr ....... T D RD.uu., 
JASON SNEU. &IrIr. CNII 
PEIER MO, Ma Lt .. &IrIr 
lEN aovatUK, 0pHan &liar 
JAMES.COWER, ~ &liar 
LYNN FRAIlEY, Capy &liar 
JEI#IfY GAUNa, 1 F .... ,."",. EdfIar 
JOSEPH GARCIA. ,..",. &liar 
MARY IEITY HEARD, ,... &IrIr 
CHERYL HQCtIMN, 1.., 1M CIIpy &liar 
SUE MAPES, , •• n .... PIIIIID &liar 
MEl. MARCELO, Gl41I*» &IrIr 
DAN MCDOWELL, PIIIIID &liar 
KEN PERlMAN, SpartI &liar 
CHRISTOPHER RlDII3Rt A.., c ... SparCI &liar 
BIE1T RHYNE, Spec'" &liar 
ANGIEI.A ROVA, AIM!'" ....,.. EdfIar 
ERIC saatIDT, AIM' ... __ EdfIar 
SftERYL WOLCOTT, 1. c ... "" &liar 
WI.EEN WONG, A.., .... ,."",. MIl' 
GREDG WRErftt, AMPdD SpIffI EdfIar 

1IIo1CI) ...... ,..... ......... ,...... ...... _,..., ..... . 
_.,ICI) ........ ., .. _" .. __ ............. ...... • ...,--.ClllZ. .... _ ......... ". __ .... __ 
................................. -._ .. 
.....- ....... __ .............. .,a..a ....... 
"- IIItICl) ..... ,,_..,., .......... _ ..... 
....... u ........... __ lit ••• fIU: ... ,.. 
UCSD ......, 9fiOO GIIIMn DIIYe 0318, 

La Jolla, CA I2093-031B 
.•. 

• 

Moaday, Pcbnwy U. 1991 

UCSA'sJohn Edson BrIngs 
Unique DrIve to Fee fight 
By ............ 
SenIof St." Mtfter 

A smile still comes to John 
Edson's face when he pulls out a 
sheet of paper covered with chans 
and graphs and begins pitching an-

PROFILE 
otherofhis pet projects. These days. 
his project is simple: as vice presi-
dent of the University of California 
Student Association (UCSA), he's 
fighting to keep down the cost of 
higher education. UCSA Vice President John Edson 

Even though it's been almost a been eating, breathing and sleeping 
year since Edson left his position as the A.S., it was John." Woodard 
the president of UCSD's Associ- says. 
8Ied Students, it seems as though he Molly McKay. the A.S. vice 
hasn't changed his hard-working, president external during Edson's 
over-achieving ways. tenure as president, suggested thaI 

"He'sareal type-A personality," at the time he had "been doing the 
UCSD Student Government Advi- wone oflOpeople." But a year after 
sorRandyWoodardsaysofEdson. the scare, Edson doesn' t seem 10 
"As president. he would work 50 10 have changed very much. 
60 hours per week, including week- "[After the attack) I spent more 
ends. He's a very focused, driven weekend nights studying," he says, 
young man." At one point, Edson "and I didn' t go out on weekends 
decided to spend 10 hours in the like 1 had been doing." 
University of San Diego's law Ii- Edson doesn't limit his interests 
brary researching legal precedents topaper-pushing,speechmak.ing,and 
in an attempt to save UCSD' s TGs. studying - he has parachuted out of 

Edson's workaholic anitude may an airplane and bungee-jumped oUI 
be why Woodard, who has advised of a hot air balloon. 
A.S. councils since 1979, rates "I do those things as a stress 
Edson as "one of the three or four release," Edson says. 
best A.S. presidents" the campus ButlheremaybemoretoEdson's 
has had. It was certainly why Edson incredible drive in both work and 
had to be taken to the hospita1 dur- play. 
ing an A.S. Council meeting. "John has an incredible sense of 

TIle Oct 3, 1990 A.S. meeting adventure," McKay says, suggest-
was going to be extremely impor- ingthatEdson'sover-achievingac-
tant. widt the council set to vote on lions may stem from his disability 
a resolution regarding UCSD's - he was born without a left arm, 

multimillion~Uar Recreational. and usually sports a prosthesis with 
Intramural, Athletic and Events a hook at the end. 
Center(RIMAC). Edson recalls that - "I think John has a need to prove 
he hadn't slept in two days and was himself, a need to show that his 
downing double espressos just to disability doesn't stop him at all," 
stay awake. McKay says. "He's a really strong 

The council never got a chance individual. He's done a lot for dis-
to voce 00 RlMAC that night - pelling stereotypes of people with 
Edson was stricken by chest pains, disabilities." 
retreated back to his office. and was But Edson's strong drive may 
eventually taken to a nearby hospi- belie insecurity about his disability. 
tal. Thecaffeinefromhiscapuccinos "John would always hold his 
andhis\ackofslcep,mixedwiththe [prosthetic) ann behind himself 
excitement of arguing issues during when he WlL'l flirting with women," 
a meeting, had sent him spiraling McKay ~ Yet. at one point 
into a stress attack. last year Edson made a point of 

"If anyone could be said to have See EDSON, Page 7 

The UCSD Guardian 

PROTESTS 
CanIInuId ........ 1 
ness of '60s-style protests. Does a relatively small 
group compared to the size of the campus population 
taking over a building for one nighl have an impact 
on university- and stalewide decision-making? 

According to University of California Student 
Association Vice President John Edson, even small 
protests make a difference. 

"While UCSD students may have shrugged their 
shoulders at the protest, other schools don't know 
that." he said. He said lhat infonnalion about protests 
at UC schools can incite other students to organize 
demonstrations. 

"When the co-ops were taken over at UCSD, it 
triggered [protests) 81 UC Davis. And that triggered 
protests 81 [UC] Berkeley and [UC) Santa Cruz. It 
spurs on students at other campuse ." Edson said. 

NEWS 3 

According to Edson, the Study-in protest was 
triggered by similar take-overs at UCB and UCSC. 
"It' self-feeding," he said. 

Muir College senior DeborahJame ,who partici-
pated in Wednesday's fee-hike protest. partially 
agreed with Edson. "In some ways, we try to work 
with other campuses, and try to do some networking. 
A 101 of times that will happen •... [where) you say, 
'look, that was effective' and you are empowered by 
it," she said. 

Dan McOolWeliGimlian 
Ely Rabani talks to KGTV reporter Stephen Clark. 
.didn't know about [the rally] because ... we had 
done a lot of outreach [posting flyers). bUI it was all 
laken down." 

James added, however, that she did not think that 
the domino-style chain of events Edson described 
always occurs. 

As for the lack of administralive intervention, 
James said, '11leadministration ... ignored us. l1lat 's 
because the more they agitate us. the more press we 
get." She added that she felt that many members of 
Ihe library staff were ympathetic 10 the protestors. 

While student protesls can cause a stir on Ihe 
studenllevel. and perhaps even lhe faculty level, do 
the messages travel through to the administration 
and the regent ? 

James had a positive attitude about the study-in 
turn-outat the library. "[ think theevenl was success-
ful because we brought a lot of new people in," he 
said. "A 101 of people came out because they saw it 
on the [II p.m.) news." 

James attributed the poor tum-{)ul for the noon 
rally to problems with advertising. "Most people 

At the moment. nobody can say. Direct action, 
like protesting. has helped people attain their goals 
and needs in the pasl, bUI more than twenty years 

See PROTEST, Page 8 

TGIF 
ContInued from paee 1 
put a two-hourtime limit on the free 
alcohol served during a TO, and to 
plan a maximum of three TGs with 
alcohol and 81 least two "dry" TGs 
per quarter. 

After Friday's meeling, Orozco 
said he was satisfied with the rec-
onunendation,saying, "I think if we 
make the changes we talked about. 
we' ll be oleay." Earlier, he noted 
that the AS. has always supported 
the idea of substance abuse educa-
tion and prevention. 

"As dley currently have been 
running, we do not support [TGs]. 
With the additions and changes we 
willsupponit, " saidcomminee chair 
and Health Education Coordinator 
at Student Health Services Dalynn 
Proffin. 

Thetenmtive~ofreconunen­
dations discussed by the committee 
included the provision that the Price 
Center is the only allowable loca-
tion for the TGs because of cost and 
possible interference on campus. 

Earlier this year, Watson pro-
posed that TGs be moved to a field 
on the outskirts of campus. 

It is not clear how the alcohol 
abuse preveruion information would 
be distributed. "From the A.S .• you 
will get an agreement of what steps 
we will take. You woo't get a guar-
antee that these steps will happen at 
the TGs," Orozco said. 

Bao Luu, a detective for the 
UCSD police and a UCSD gradu-
ate, said that in his experience as a 
student anending TGs and as a pu-
lice officer working at TGs, passing 
out educational pamphlets at the 
TGs would have little impact. 

'That's not the right environ-
menl to educate [studentsl. lI 's a 
party - they don't want to hear it 
Ihen," he said. 

"Picture this: it's a nice after-
noon, the music's playing, the beer's 
tlowing, you're there with your 
buddy, and someone sticks a pam-
phlet in your face. How long will it 
be Wltil tMt pamphlet is in thetrashT' 
he asked the commiltee. 

UCSD PoliceChiefJdhn Ander-
son insisted that TG are still prob-
lem8lic. "1lle TGs are in no wayan 
example of model drinking. 1be 
students are always playing games 
with us," he said. 

"lbe university should not be in 
the business of [giving free beer] 
because of the issue of liability." he 
said. 'The TGs are in trouble. This 
is their last step for salvation," he 
added. 

TRAINING %e 'l1CS'lJ Pre-Med CrUD presents an evening about. ° 0 
IN 

MEDICINE 
• Do you have questions about medical school, medical research, internship and/or residency training? 
• Would you like to meet and speak to UCSD pre-clinical and clinical medical students, MD-PhD 

candidates, or medical and surgical house staff? 
• Find out more about training in medicine! 

T When: Wednesday, February 26th, 7 p.m Where: Cognitive Science Building, CSB 002 ~ sponsored by THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE 1 



OPINION 
.. OPINION The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARIES 

••• And 11Iere's Nothing 
Wrong With 11Iat 

WRC is barking up the wrong tree about the SAE flyer 
By Zachary Bennan 
Senior Staff Writer 

The Women' s Resource Center (WRC) is in the 
midst of another Jihad. Its target is the usual: 
males. Actually, its target is one better than the 
usual. This time its white male fraternity members. 
No WRC member could ask for more. 

It all started wilh a Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) 
calendar depicting a vagina with leeth and an 
accompanying caption reading " Avoid a cancre 
(sic) - wrap il before you crank her." On the back 
is a drawing of a man pulling a woman's hair 
while engaging in "doggie-style" sex. 

A student somehow gOI hold of this po~ 
graphic calendar and ran crying all the way to the 
WRC. 1be WRC. like a sister tattling on her older 
brother, ran crying to the GUIlrdian. The GUlJrd-
ian, like a typical supermarket tabloid, ran an 
oversized picture of the calendar on the front page. 
All the while. the WRC was screaming. "This is 

derogatory towards women." 
The purpose of this "work of art" and the 

misspelled caption is to promote safe sex. It is 
designed 10 evoke fear in the hearts of mortal frat 
guys. And indeed it does. 1be cartoon really 
makes you scared to go "unwrapped." Even 
though this drawing was not intended to be 
derogatory towards women. the WRC interpreted 
it as such. And like any authoritarian regime, 
when the law - Ihou shoJI 1101 depict women in a 
demeaning lighl - is violated. all civil rights are 
placed on hold. 

The cartoons on the SAE's calendar are 
nothing more than pornography - pertJaps 
derogatory towards women, but feminists will 
always say pornography is derogatory. Therefore, 
this material should be treated like any other work 
of pornography. In the privacy of their own 
fraternity. these guys can draw, view or even IhinIt 

See WRC, Pace 5 

Monday, Febnwy l4, 1992 

•• 
Peer pressure, rather 
than publicity, would 
have been a better tactic 
By .............. 
Senkx 5tJJtf M1tef 

There's a saying about the Bill of Rights thal goes 
something like "your right to hit me stops where my face 
staI1S. .. 

But how can you apply that when you don't know 
where the odIer's face starts? 

In cases deaIin& with intangible words, derIDing one's 
face becomes much more difficult because we are not 
mind-readers. People often don't know before they speak 
how a particular Sl8lement is 
going to affect someone until 
they say it. Some things are 
obvious; some are not. The 
concepcs of anti-Semitism 
and hate crimes are generally 
considered to be unaccept-
able, and rightly so because 
they often IIW1ifest them-
selves in ways that cause real 
physical damage. 

But in other arenas -
such as the whole "political 
corrcctJIess" movement, 
sexual harassment, the 
fighting words policy -
some people take offense 
where no offense was 
intended and don't take 
offense when some other 
people say they should. Not 
think they should, mind you, 
but say, and often rather 
loudly, they should. All<! 
what happens w~ f>rrx:-
thing meant as a p?,,~~. joke 
suddenly becomes public? 

Take. for exatnple, the 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon I 
calendar With~r 
offensive drawing the 
front that ran on front 
page of the G ian last 
Monday. 

0. •••• ..-. 
While I folIId that 
drawing extremely 

offensiye, I see it as 
a *' that the atist 
is still tryI~ to deal 

with some 
pubescent urges CIld 

Is still 
immature ~ to 

resort to 
drawing derogatory 

pictures to make him 
feel like he has 

power over women. 
But I'm not sure the 
Women's Resource 

Center has the 
responsiblity to act 
as moral watchdog 
for the rest of the 

campus. 

While I found that drawing extremely offensive, I sec it 
as a sign that the artist (if you can call him that) is still 
trying to deal with some pubescent urges and is still 
iJllJ1latUfe enough to reson to drawing derogatory pictures 
10 make him feel like he has power over women. But I'm 
not sure it was a big enough deal to warrant printing it on 
the front page of the student newspaper. I'm not sure the 
Women's Resource Center has the responsiblity to act as 
moral watchdog for the rest of the campus. 

Because. you see. there's this odIer little tiny item 
called the First Amendment which protects views like the 
one which that calendar espoused. If I or the WRC or 
anybody else does not want to agree with the fraternity's 
portrayal of women. we have every right to voice our 
dissent. But the FIfSt Amendment also holds that they 
have the right to hold that view - despite our ideas -
and to ignore us if they so choose. 

See PRESSURE, Page 5 

WRC 
Ca " 11 .......... 4 
willi they pIeaIe. 

The president of SAE wu cor-
R:ICt when he declared: "It '5 none of 
their (the WRC] business. "The cal-
endar WM only intended for the 65 
members of the fraremity. If the 
WRC wasn't busy being UCSD's 
chapter of the thought po\ioe, it 
would have stayed that way. As 
offensive as they may be, the draw-
ings would never have \eft the fra-
ternity house. 

This situation is the samewbelher 
the topic in question is Hustler or 
P~nlhot.4u, as opposed to a couple 
ofC8l1lOOnL Imagine this: The WRC, 
bot on the trail of SAE, discovers 
ttw it is reading and circulating 

ContInued ........ 4 
I'd like to think that SAE mem-

bers never meant for the calendar to 
be seen by anyone 0Ulside the fra-
ternity and meant it as a joke, al-
though one in really bad taste. By 
leaking it to the WRC, some person 
took a situation that may have been 
better handled by quietly applying 
peer pressure ("Hey, I really found 
that calendar offensive and I wish 
you guys wouJdn', put stufflilce that 
on it) and turned it into a public 
incident, crealing bad feelings, I'm 
sure, on both sides.. For aU anyone 
knows, SAE members could be 
drawing the same thing about WRC 
members as you read this. 

Then again, there's the idea that 
by shaming the SAE members, they 
will eventuaUy agree with the idea 
that placing women in such a light is 
bad, thereby coming to tenns with 
society's general consensus. With 
the intervention of the WRC. they 
will not see fit to adorn their calen-
dars with similar pictures in the fu-
ture, a decision I would applaud. 

But, as mentioned above. I'm _ 
not sure the whole incident rated 
WRC intervention when peer pres-
sure, which is generally a powerful 
tool, could have been much more 
effective and avoided the animosity 
created 

If I were the WRC, [ would be 
much more worried about the 
woman in another starement on the 
calendar: "Get her Joel! II" I feel 
sony for anyone who is a wget of 
one of tho&e guys. 

AFPLy RlR 1lIE PtsncIf OF 

ASS()(IATE 
OPINION EDITOR 

Sax! appIUioo (cover D, ~ 
- ~ if )'011 have thmJ) kr. 
.... UCID.' 7 

c/ ........... 
IlOO m EE Dr. OIU 

Ia ...... CA .... 1II 
~ !Irq ~ ., die IeIDId ftocr of'dIe 
_. ~IIIICI •• nr 

<:opiea of Hustler IIDOI1I itllnth-
1m. One of the WRC', feminist 
spies getI hold of the mapzine mil 
gives it to the GIItII'ditm. Next day 
the GIMITClion runs a front-page pic-
ture of a nude woman with the cap-
tion, "Raunchy nude pictures found 
under bed of SAE presidenL" 

What is going to be nellt? After 
the WRC has purged fraternities, is 
it &oirlI to tum to the dormitories as 
well? 

Soon we will have feminist 
sweeps of all ourdonns. Any fresh-
men found with pornography will 
be publicly embarrassed and forced 
to aaend • ~ camp-
better known as a sensitivity wort-
shop. What about people who live 
off campus? Will their homes be 
eligible for WRC sean:hcs or does 

The UCSD Guardian 

the man of terror extend only over 
Ihe CID.,us of UCSD? 

How ironic. The WRC, a group 
thel screams bloody murder if its 
right 10 privacy (Le., abonion) is 
violared,isabridgingthefreespeech 
and privacy rights of others. It is 
blinded once again by zeal in its war 
against mankind. Moreover, the 
WRC is really one 10 condemn 0th-
ers for degradation. It has tradition-
ally debased men and especially the 
greek system. Indeed, in these very 
p88cs I have written anicles noting 
many of its anti-male actions and 
maaeriaIs. 

The situation gets worse. Out-
side the WRC's window hangs the 
calendar willi the accompanying 
comments: "Have a few drinks. rape 
a few women. sell a few slaves, then 

, 

off to study. This violence must 
stop. SAE members must be held 
accountable." 

Ale these women sane? Can these 
women be trusted? If they are 
screaming rape over a couple of 
pornographic cartoons. God knows 
what else they consider rape. Even 
more scary, this organization feels it 
does noc have to respect the privacy 
of others. Perhaps the headline in 
the hypothetical situation above 
should read, "Raunchy nude pic-
tures found under bed of SAE presi-
dent: WRC accuses him of rape." 

This will end in the typical po-
liticallycorrectfashion- attempted 
brainwashing. The WRC will love 
it. Now those woman-hating frater-
nity males will have to listen to 
hours of WRC propaganda. ThaI is 

OPINION 5 

more offensive then the two car-
toons on the calendar. 

Worse yet, SAE has already given 
a fonnalapology. PaIhctic. The WRC 
is the one who shou1d apologize. IlQ( 
SAE. The WRC and odIer "PC' pa-
trons are living in a dmIm world. All 
of their indoctrination classes, purges 
and humiliation teclvliques are IlQ( 
going 10 change anyone. People have 
to want to change. And nobody can 
forcelhem. 

TM UCSD G __ .... 1comes your leiters and """,. 
-'<s. Drop)'OUl' ....... III11e G""'dUvtoff""'.(on 
llle secondlloorofllle SU.deftleo.opCenler. abov.1IIe 
0cncraI SI_) or mail il ." 

OpioIIN £4 ..... 
G ..... 

,. G ... Dr. 016 
La Jail&, CA ,.UJI6 

Lea .... ~Id bo typed. double-ipoced and ....., ;". 
d "" ............. phocIo........,. Unsipedl.l .... will 
IlOl bo \Jrint«I. Leller wri I<n will bo contIC,cd ., vm f, 
their identi .... W. reserve llle ri .... 10 cdil for len"" 
and clarily. 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
~ 

T WEE D S 
CA T A L OG MERCHAND I SE 

& 

GENERRA 
COLLECTION 

Tremendous savings on styles and quality for 
MEN & WOMEN normal~ found on~ in better 
stores and catalogs. 

OTHII HAMIIUNDS ON SALE 
• B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 

. • 'lItaHt4'4- Seuet • LINE-UP 
• Sptet}et CATALOG AND 

OTHERS WE CAN'T ADVERTISE 



6 OPINION 1'bcUCSDG ...... JIondq, PcbnIay 16, 1992 

LETTERS TO THl: lDITOR 

Fratem~ Calendar Sparks Outrage, Accusations of SensatIonalism 
Editor: to the greeb of UCSD, mosa of 

I 
I 

On behalf of the brothers of 
Sigma AJpha Epsilon, I heR:by for-
mally apologize for the crude and 
inappropriaIe drawings which ~ 
pearcd on our Winter social caIen-
dar. 

Although these drawings were 
!he wort of one brod1er and were by 
no means considem1 fit for public 
viewing by any member of the tnt-
temity, we acknowledge that the 
depictions may be sympWmalic of 
an attitude towards women which is 
both dangerous and degrading. 
Consequendy, we plan to give the 
Women' Resource Center our co-
operation in working towards edu-
eating our members. 

We also have begun planning a 
workshop on date rape for our fra-
temity, possibly to be held in con-
junction with a sorority. Given that 
this calendar is not the rU'Sl display 
of impropriety by our group on this 
ubject. we feel that such measures 

need to be taken. 
We realize that it is not only the 

Women's Resource Center whom 
we have offended. Greeks, non-
greeks and administralors aI ike have 
voiced concem on the i sue. With 
due respect, we apologize Lo all of 
you for any discomfol1 that our ac-
Lions have caused you, and for the 
irresponsible and tasteless manner 
in which the journalists brought them 
to your anention. We hope you rec-
ognizc that we are open to change. 
Should any group of students, staff 
orcommunity n1emben> wish to talk 
with us, we are mo~ than willing to' 
do so. 

Most importand y, we apologize 

glowers de gifts 
Costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

San Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

whom do DOC deserve the reputation 
which we have claimed for our-
selves. The positive contributions 
which !he peeks make boch in die 
community 8nd in the lives of ow 
own members are significanl and 
are also worthy of anention. 

Such conuibutions are consis-
tem with the ideals of all greek orga-
nizarions, ideals which the brothm 
of SAE need to pay mo~ anention 
to. 

We wiU by no means justify our 
attitudes or actions in ~gard 10 Ibis 
1IlIIIIer. Nor wiD we deny OW" ~-
sponsibillty in making the neces-
sary change. I would like to assert, 
nonetheless, that we are basically 
good guys who certainly do not 
mean any hann. 

As a group of 20-year-old men, 
perhaps this is our first opportunity 
to examine attitudes which have 
been ingrained in us since we we~ 
very young, perhaps beainnina 
aroWId the time we first looked at a 
copy of Playboy or PtfUhouse which 
lay around our own or a friend's 
house, or perhaps lay on the shelves 
of our local bookstore or supermar-
keto Or perhaps it began in learning 
how much money Hugh Hefner 
makes, at the Festival of Animation' 
"Sick and Twi ted Show" or in 
watching TV. 

I do not know precisely how or 
where the objectification of women 
became acceptable to any member 
of our fratemity. I do know. how-
ever. that it is imponant for each of 
us to examine our ani tudes and to 
understand how they may be harm-
ful , offensive and even dangerous. 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
\'-ith put\'h.;asc 0(510 (/If'"",1re 
\ ,11 vahJ .. 9th ..ny •• h..--y oK"" 
KapS/8/92 

I 

I 
I 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILAaE 

;";;:!I!!r7/ 1 
I. 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
132 , . , , 

MJH]Of)prn 1'1 : 
'" It 1 l pill.'. 'I, 

Resoun:e Cater is only too bIIppy ,.. seminar) a c::ompIeteJy insuffi-
10 cry abouI. and the GIIIITdian is cienI conseq~ for its actions. 
ri8ht there to feed the flames and This same JI'OUP was required to 
collect 8IIIUIin8 quotes. atIend a sensitivity course last year 

The real qUCIIion dill needs to and. as we can all see, it wotted 
be _waed: "Is Ibis IIw moa im- wonders. 
poruntnewahlppeniaa_ucsor I do DOC think I would be so 
If 10, Ibis ac:hooI is IIIOftI J*beUc cynical except dill abhough !hey 
!han anyone Ihinb.If not, wIw Ihe say they apoIogizJcd. I do not rand 
hell is it doing at the top of the front the slighles& sincerity in !heir apoI-

As a fraternity, this, I promise, we page? ogy. Throughout bach .ncies in. 
wiUdo. P.S. It came to my aacntion ~ which he is quoced, SAE snsicJent 

StewnAaer day that the Guardian reb&ed a Steve Ager uses one excuse after 
Prelidmt differcnl vcnion of the issue, with a another to try to weasel out of the 

SipIa Alpha EpIiIoa large "cemored" stamp bIoain& out hole which SAE has dug for itself. 

Cowracewas the offendin& par15 of the female He complains that since our culture anatomy. While this does not alter is filled with deropIory images of 
SenIatIons'ltic !he thrust of the letter, it does show women, SAE should not be singled 

IhII some modicum of aoodsense is out 
Editor: praent somewhere. If my ShJdent fees helped to fund 

Although UCSD has grown so hulPbIIips P/oyboy, I would probably want to 
used to it that it hardly raises an SAE .,.,.. the BIan. have a few words with Hugh Hefner. eyebrow anymore, I am extremely I think I am pretty safe in the as-
amused by the Gwardimt's latest EdiIor: sumption that my fees do not fund 
device to gain readership. From the This whole situation concemi.ng Playboy. Howev~r, they do fund 
'"fOOl fetish" man early this year to the Sigma Alpha q,siloo calendar student organizalions, such as the 
the homo&exual kiss on VaIentine 's absolutely infuriIIes me. FU'Sl of an. IFC, SO I'd like these groups 10 show 
Day, the Gwardian has repealcdIy 11111 disJUSled by Ihe fact that in Ibis some social responsibility. 
proved its lack of taste. The article day and lIIean incident such as Ibis Ager claims "We didn'l violaae 
in Tuesday's edition, "SAE Ayer shoukioccurll all. But they say that any specific rules [except those of 
Attacked for Portrayal of Women" ignorance i bliss so 1 guess we have tact and good taste), we didn't mean 
reaches a new low for media sensa- a few very happy people on Ibis for it to be public, we apologized to 
tionalism. campus at presenL the IFC, and we apologized to the 

What a great opportunity! A The headlineoflhe February 20th WRC [notice how this is the last of 
chance LO put a picture of a naked Guardian reads, "SAE Apologizes their concerns?). And really, what 
women with her legs sp~ on the to IFC, Panhellenic For Criticized more could we do?" How about 
front page (complete with close- Ayer." In my experience, one usu- presenting a genuine admittance 'Of 
up), and call it new I Furlhcn1'lOl'e, ally apologizes to those offended guilt without all of the excuses? 
it's a fraternity story - everyone before apologizing to people to What more can they do? I think 
loves to read the latest atrocious, whom they may have caused any showing a little respect for all of the 
demeaning act thal fraternities have "negative publicity." members of this community, if not 
perpetrated on the innocents of the Also, in light of SAE' s previous for all of humanity, is the 1east that 
world. This time, the victim is all of sexist behavior, I find this slap on any of us can do. 
womankind, which the Women's the wrist (havin, to attend • date Meg Gordon 

r - - - - - - SAVEANEXTRA$lWllHTImAD- - - - - -.., 

IfYouDodt 
Save On Greyhound 
This · Break, Please fl!1l Mooch 

OfflhePeople 
WlioDo. 

SAVE SAVE SAVE SAVE 

50% 35% 25% 15% 
If you • Gfto,buuDd - Spriaa BIak. you'lllW • lot ~ mooey. ADd 1be arIier you 
'buyJOlll"1icket, lbemore )'OU'IIIft.If)'OU don't '* Gftybaund, you may ~ IDbq, 
bonvIr or IPDIIIt rJryuur frieadL EvemuaIy, your fiieoda may ~ 10 beat bonow or 
... oft"OIbmwbomay. inlllnl, ~ IDbq, bonowor.,.. .you. The ~ A 
viciouI C)'de ~ bcaiDI. bOllow" and ...... You don't wanr .... OIl your con-
1ciaIce. So _ your IDIlIIe)' will III ~ ticbc OIl Greybouad. 1lICII 
brqintbiaadforlll ........... doIIroft". and bavelildadlblt,aWk-6ftSprqBrellt. 

120 West Broadway, 239-9171 

I ,~ u.il_-.-per~=ar-===-~tr~~~~u..,_. .J 
..... _------------------

Moadar, Febnwy 16, 1992 

EDSON 
Cw41 ........... 3 
showin, off the Sb'aIJth of. new 
prosthesis by bre8kina pencils in 
half with its hoot. 

In person, Edson tries to 
downplay his disability as much as 
possible, and says he hasn'l been 
treatcddiffeR:l1lly at UCSD because 
of it 

"For minor disabilities, visible 
disabilities, Ameiicans don't over-
re.ct. " he says. "In Spain. I'd get 
looks of sheer terror from people. 
People would actually cross them-
selves when !hey saw me." 

Even when Edson does discuss 
his disability, he seems to move 
away from the subject a<I quickly as 
possible. 

Rather than taking a bn:aIc from 
duee full years of student politics, 
Edson is spending his senior year as 
UCSA vice president in the midst of 
student efforts to fight fee increases. 

"I honestly didn'l want to do 
anything [this year)," Edson says. 
"But 1 spent the year worting so 
hard. I became hooked on it .. 

Recent UCSA attempts to fight 
off large student fee increases have 
failcd, leading some peopleto5peCU-
late that UCSA is an organization in 
need of anoverbaul. Surely enough, 
one of Edson ' s goals is to ~vitalize 
the association. 

~ on par with JoID, I see thal 
they all modvatcd people like John 
did, .. Woodard says. "He was really 
motivating because he was doing 
things." 

But Edson's wott habits still 
ilI8RiIpd to place him in the center 
of a very public conuoversy. Early 
in 1991, Edson began to work on 
proposcdchanges to UCSD's Five-
Year Affirmative Action Plan, a 
document that would setmajorgoais 
for studenl affirmative action at 
UCSD into the mid-'90s. He ~ 
posed changes to include disabled 
students- and those students were 
eventually incorporated into an af-
fannative action plan. 

Where credit for that outcome is 
due, however, became the subject 
of heated debate. The then-presi-
dent of Movimiento Estudiaotil 
Olicano de Aztlan, Victor Niebias, 
attacked Edson for undermining the 
goaisoftheDisabledStudentUnion 
(DSU). In addition, he accused 

"John is a very determined per-
son," says Edson's successor, AS: 

~ident Agustin Orozco. "He's 
the best person to represent UCSD " 
[to !: ~~ is anncd with John legitimized the role 
facts, figures and cbans to support of the A.S. president in 
his UCSA projects. His plan is to - the eyes of UCSD staff 
c~ a system by which each UC and facu't" in a w~ [that] 
campus will pay a specific amount 1~1"'1 
of money to the UCSA for each of the A.S, has never really 
its students. been able to e~nder. 

"The students who work. in 
UCSA are trying to wort effec- - To that extent, he brought 
tively at a statewide level without a lot of legitimacy to the 
showing how fragile and disjointed AS 
a group we really are," explains . , 
Marisela Marquez. a graduate stu- " 
dent at ucSantaBarbam who serves MOLLY MCKAY 
as the UCSA' s president. 

Marquez's assessment of Edson 
is similar to how ochers who have 
worked with 'Edson view him. 

"JOhn is VCl)' detail-<Jriented," 
she says, "and he's vCl)' complete 
in his analysis of things. He rivals 
graduate students . . . in the quality 
of the work that he does." 

"lohn operates- on statistics, 
charts, projections, and formulas," 
says McKay, who now serves as 
chairofthe UniversityCenlcrBoard. 

But Edson's fttIention for detail 
and obsession with his projects 
aren't always viewed as assds. 

"He ope. lIeS alone, and expects 
full credit when the job is done," 
McKay says. "He gets !he glory, but 
it can alienate others. .... 

McKay says IhiII !he problem 
with Edson's passion foraetting Ihe 
job done is that he tends to try to get 
the job done himself. For example, 
McKay cited instances in which 
Edson bypassed the AS. Academic 
Affairs chair and conununicaled 
directly with the members of 
UCSD's Academic Senate. 

"It's hard to wort wilb John," 
McKay says. "He'd give people a 
few weeks to do something .•. and 
then he'd step in and get !he job 
done. That can make people feel 
inadequaIe. " 

WoodanI.~.sugesllthal 
Edson's acdonI aerved as modv. 
lion for OCher AS. members to be-
gin doins wort. 

"When I think about !he OCher 
rwo or three AS. presidenIs who 

Unillersity Center Board Chair 

Edson of taking c~t for ideas 
worked on by members of the A.S. 
Council, DSU, and the Student Af-
firmative Action Committee 
(SAAC). 

"[The UCSD Five-Year Student 
Affinnative Action Plan) was the 
most husttating point of the entire 
year:' Edson says. 

"·They were criticizing someone 
whowastrying tohelp,"Edson says. 
"It was as if some people w~ say-
ing. 'Wbat right did you ever have to 
do any wott on affirmative action?' 
1 took tbaltomean [!hey dido 't want 
me involved) because I was white." 

But DSU President Russ Allen 
says that many people's perception 
of !he probIern was "that John was 
essentially taking credit for things 
he really didn't have much to do 
with. " 

"John wanted to look good p0-
litically, and [student affirmative 
action) was a politically hot issue at 
the time," Allen says. "He wasn't 
really represeming us and what we 
wanted." 

"I don't see why [affumative 
action poups) need to be consulted 
011 every issue, " Edson says. "They 
didn'l pi the chancellor to agree to 
thechqes." 

Despite his reservarions about 
Edson 'sKtions, Allen does suggest 
thal Edson ... Jood motives for his 
actions. 

"I don't want 10 trash John 
EdIon, .. AUen says. "He reaDy had 

The UCSD Guardian 

the best inte~ts of students in 
mind ... to the poinl that he knew 
them." 

Though Edson was not free from 
criticism during the year, his presi-
dency is viewed by mosa people as 
having been extremely successful. 

"John legitimated the role of the 
AS. president in the eyes of UCSD 
staffand faculty in a way [that) the 
AS. bas never lalIJy been able to 
engender," McKay says. ''To that 
extent, he brought a lot of legiti-
macy to the AS." 

"lMt year's council did a good 
job, "Orozco says. "John was a good 
president, and kept his council to-
gether." 

Part of the reason why Edson's 
p~idency is viewed so positively 
is because of his skillful use of cam-
pus media. 

"John learned from [fonner AS. 
president) Maynard Dimmesdale, 
if anyone, how to manipulate the 
media," Woodard says. 

"John had a mystiCal quality 
about him," McKay says, "one that 
was perpetuated in the media. He's 
professionally political . . . rarely on 
such a small level will you see some-
one use the media in the sophisti-
cated way that John did." 

Edson, however, sees his use of 
campus media as no more than a 
method to create consensus in an 
apathetic environment. 

"We've got an apolitical cam-
pus," Edson says. "Students can't 
mobilize because of the way the 
campus is structured. In we~ to go 
in [to speak to an administrator) and 
say something about the campus 
radio station, I'd just be viewed as 
one student But administrators read 
the Guardian, too." 

"lohn took a somewhat cynical 
view of students as being generally 
apathetic," McKay says_ "He be-
lieved that it was a student leader's 
position to persuade them [usingthe 
media)." 

But the creation of an Edson 
"mystique," coupled with his ten-
dency to work on projects by him-
self, may have backfired on the A.S. 
Council itself. 

"[Edson) isstrong ... butlends to 
isolate himself," McKay says. ' 'The 
cause and effect of that is that this 
year he 's out of office, and nobody 
has reaUy heenable to fill his shoes." 

Indeed, while Edson had to run 
in a six-candidate field for the presi-
dency, only two students competed 
for the right to be Edson's succes-
sor. McKay suggests that what 
Edson and his AS. Council accom-
plished "intimidated people out of 
running for council this year." 

Next quaner will be Edson's last 
at UCSD. Despite all the work he 
put in as A.S. president, he will still 
manage to graduate in four years as 
part of the first graduating class of 
Fifth College. From the~, he says 
he plans to work for joint deg~ in 
law and business. 

"My ultimate goal," he says, "is 
to join the fo~ign service." 

"John's fantasy is to be lames 
Bond," McKay says. 

If Edson wants to go from being 
a college politician to a foreign op-
erative, he's certainly started on the 
right path - he's talc.en intensive 
courses in Arabic and Chinese over 
the past two summers. Considering 
the drive he brought to his positions 
in the AS. and UCSA, there 's a 
good chance that one day he'll be 
discussing intelligence matters with 
foreign diplomats in their native 
tongues. 

And. knowing John Edson, he'll 
aIsohave plentyofchans and graphs 
laxly. 

NEWS 7 

.....---~n:·UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 

I ~~-:"~~~.3y* 
E .... 311n2 
NohaUd willl 
.. ,_0& .. 

• 120 minimum pu",bue • wilhln 5 milel'8di .. of camp .. 

as always, 10% o WW when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

455-5S45 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prom pt delivery, 7 days a week. Open dai ly 8 am·8 pm 

SYSTt ME 

@ (J] IJ [k CUTS 
ByTAWNYAOF 

ESSENCE SALON 
on~ $11~. 

includes: shampoo & precision haircut 
blow dry and slyling S4 exira 

~BIOLAGE, HiLites & Perms $45 
!including haircut) By WIIIIiIx· 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, sum 201 LAJOUA 453 9477 
Above St. Germain's liquor & Deli • 

P I Z Z A • PAS T A 
DAILY DAILY Dinner Specials 
Lurrel, Specials includes salad alld garlic bread 
Nnv! Personal $379 MON.-TUE.-SPAGHEITI $379 
Pizzas or Soup, Wed..-RaViOli } $479 
Salad, Sandwich, Thurs.-Macaroni 
Pasta-Mix or Fri ./Sat.-Fettiiccille Chickell ....... ~ ...... $8.99 
match any 2 Sun.-Lasagnll .................................... $5.79 

La Jolla Colony • 7748 Regents Rd . • 54807886 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE FOR LARGE PARTIES 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff T enning System • New Bulbs 

THE lARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------~~!~.!!~ning for $ 3 5 
Must present iIIil coupon. Exp. 3/9192 

Please ask about ovr ather services such as manicures and hair care! 

--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTER 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 21 A 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558': 1858 

NEW ETHNIC 
... 

ES 110 
150165 

ES 111 
150166 

ES 119 
150163 
ES183 
150164 

Studies Courses 
Cultural World View of Native Americans 
MWF 3:00-3:50 TEN 502 

Native American Uterature 
MWF 4:00-4:50 TEN 502 

Multiracial Societies in the Americas 
W 3:00-5:50 Solis 110 
Gender. Race. Ethnldty and C .... 
T 3:00-5:50 Tioga 102 



8 NBWS 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft LcnIes Exlended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Contplete 
Daily gu penn. hard Brown eyes 10 blue 

-Includes: CL eum. care kit. myopic lenses. 30 
Brands include B&!., Cooper. WJ. 
Parapenn, Boston. 

- a.,., •• 
- ca. • ..., .~ ... " 
-._ •• _~"PrI ••• 

CUlRIIION1' ..... 8TON 
27"'818 283-18 .. SS8S CI.iremonl Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sal. 10-5 

I SI..:!ftraJe!'~ -Brakes~ ;~~I un - Struts ~ PLUS -Front Ends Si:II': ~ $I'ECIAL ry CEil TERS- Alignments 
~----- ~-----~ 
• FOUR·WHEEL 11 FREE =.c-IT I. FronI Wheel DrIve • 
: BRAKE : Compullrlzld : == '59:_: 
• SPECIAL .=S24951 ~:::'a:..~. 
• $6995 • s._._~:'" .. ~~~ ... I _un • -=r.::::- I ~I.I I 
I 34-~"""" I ...... - I ....-- I Aopa paftl_· _ .......... ...-. Gas CIItridgII QlIirl 

_ ... -:- h IT'C!.-::., .... -f '11" I 
-.,....,.. ---- ~-

PASS: = .':__ Front End SuperSlnAl(plir)IcIw.1 ~Y =:::... AIIanmenI I $15915 • STORE _ ..-....,. & ~n .. $1995 I l.Woot~. FfM __ 1 
................... ~ .......... -.... 
........ ....-.... Oftj.. L Elll.3/H2 ... 

..... ....... ~_ T ...... __ (II.dot - - - -
.... ____ L!:'-:'~= .J2oWhlll UfaIImI • 

I 011 Change • Front End 1=-"4495, 
• Speclal~"" ..... IAllGnment$39951 _us ......... s. I $1495 ..... "" .. 5.. .-00II'IIII* .... - I ~.=.. I "'_ ...... .., ... __ u.s. ... - ....... -(TIIICIII I 
L an.~~ .......... e..na- !ftI __ l.&pIoo-'. 
-----.... _---- ----_ .. 

• SuIpInaIon lilli· Body LIfta Ind Lower:IIgI AVIIIIbII 
Miramar Auto Center • Winston Square 
6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 31 U Dr. #0 

Yournewhome . 
away from home 
Ifyou're new (II campus, you may have DOCiccd tbatocber swdeDu 
spend a 101 of lime It Kinko's. Drop in ud 
discover why Kinko's is !he moll popu1ar 
hangout 011 ca/'f1lIIS. We're saving a ~ fCl' 
you. 

t 
t 
t 
t 

• 
t 

• 

Quality copy services 
Full cdor copies 
In-sllXC comput.er rental 
Plaenlltioo IIlI1CriaiI 
BiDdina and finishiog 
ScbooI supplies 
R~pach.aa 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
457·3775 La Jolla 

8849 Villa La Jolla Driw 
483-1852 Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet Avenue at Lanm 

ncvCSDG ........ 

BILL 
c " .~"'''''1 
swaUowed .... pfee ioaare. This 
yeII'.IIUdaIIIIN sayina 'enoup is 
enoup' - evidenI in Ihe unpec-
edenIedllUdenl prOIeStS IIInJuPouI 
!he .-e," Torres said . 

"ScudenIa IN now IIunchlns • 
rn¥x' 'c:ounICr-oft'ensive' by chaI· 
Jenaina Ihe UC RegenII and CSU 
Trustees 10 honor the carefully 
crafted Jona-tenn fcc policy. As 
auIbor of S8 1446. I .upport Ihese 
effons and inIead 10 relay !he SUI-
deru' rnessqe 10 Ihe legislature, .. 
he said. 

"This k.ind of bill pien::es !he 
regenIS' clo. of adOnOm)'," said 
Edson. MIt pull • stranp:hoId on 
(Ihe univenity's)buda« iflheydon't 
follow stale law." 

Aa:ordinIIO Edson. nearly 700 
students from both !he UC and the 

PROTESTS 
C .............. 3 
after !he 19C50s revolution, we may 
all be numbed 10 its effects. 

The adminisIration has noc ex· 
JRSSCd a reaction 10 the protest be· 
cause key administraton such as 

csu &y*mI. ...... "' .. 60 from 
UCSD, wiD pIber.dIe ItIIe CIpi-
toI • noon ... Monday to ..uy 
.... _ lee loeUMe. 

BdIoo poineed out ... IIUda1I 
Ie8den from bach sc:hooI syseems 
will Il1o lobby every Iepiator in 
die stile on Monday. 

A IOpenlel1lClpOll lee iocn:lSes 
would man dIIllhe UCwouldlave 
to mike $30 miUion in CUll to make 
up for Ihe Ioet revenue. 

The biD propoees • fi~nI 
pIIn in which flCUlty merit saIaIy 
me. es would be delayed by six 
IDOnIhs, die non-uIIry infWionary 
budaa would be ftIduced 60m • 
duee 10 • two pen:enI increase. ad-
minillnllive CUll would be made. 
1,200 p1IIduIfe studenIs would not 
be admiIIcd. and Ihe library cift:uJa. 
lion and financial aid saaff 1ISIOci-
&red wilh thole graduaIe students 
would not be hiRd.. 

0uInceII0r Richard AIkinson and 
Vice a.nceoor of AaIdemic Af· 
fairs MaIjorie Caserio ~ noc at 
UCSD OIl WedoeIday,_!hero-
fore. &'ICOIdina 10 lheir secrewies. 
!hey would "ve notbin& 10 say. 

PbyIiisMinky,associ8leuniver· 
aity Iiblwian, didsay that &he ~It the 

"None oldie ........ like mak· 
inllhese aa." said EdIon. "II's. 
ditIicuIt decision. B .. bepin,!he 
universities 8CCeIlibie is more im-
portInI." 

Edson empbasized Ihal lhe 
UCSA has two currenI objeclives. 
The first is 10 eIIICI S8 1446 and 
II1IkeIhe ~veCUIS necessary. 
The second is 10 lobby for $900 
million 10 eliminlle Ihe need for 
IheseCUIS. 

Callin, !he new bill M. radical 
step," A.S. President AlusHn 
Orozco supported !he proposed leg-
islItion. WI think ii's definilely a 
aood step ... we're excited Ibout 
lobbying for iL" 

Orozco will be.1he stalecapitol 
this wcckcnd witholherllUdalllead-
en to discusa Ihe issue. M(The bill) 
will be one oflhemain chinas we'll 
be pushing for this weekend," he 
said. 

students accornpIishcd their goal, 
which she understood 10 be calling 
anention 10 tJudsebuy probIerns. 
But, she added, since next year's 
UC lJudaet has noc been decided 
upon. it is really too soon 10 tell 
whether or not the protest .. had 
any effect. 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

I OW you can keep up your active lifestyle 
with lighred tmnis 
courts, sand volley· 
ball courts and fully 
equippedO~ 
centers, just _ 
from your own 
front door. 
• Fumlshed and untumJshed studio. one and two bedrooms 
• Locations close to campus 
• Take advan&age or oakwood's reduced deposits wJdt letter 

or enrollment or campus 1.0. 
You'lI also eoto)' Oakwood's resort Quanty swimming pools, 
spas, saunas, party rooms, big screen TV I'OOlI18S .... !f~fC~ 
and barbecue areas. • 

P'or InfomIIIUon or ~ on Ioc:aIIonB In hcIftc BNcII. CoroMdo. ~ 
VIIIey or La JoIIIi ..-cd 818-4fJ0.3400. Or for IrIf'om..uon on -1IIl» ~ 
IocaUOna nal.lolrMde.,...., c:.u 1-800 III 0lI0II. 
Models open daiI)' 9-6. Son)' no ..... '(il 

f 

Moada)', February U, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 9 

Get 
, SanLuisObispo 

" Pismo Beech 
,-Santa Maria 

'Lompoc: 

while the gBtting 
back's good! 

-• 

-

~ Bakersfield (and A mtrak's 
• "SanJoaquin") 

/ i •..• Lancaster 1.···Palmdale I I Santa Clarita 
., 

Glendale 

SanJuanCapistnno 
SanC\emente 

_ "San Diegans" 
•••• Bus feeders 

San Diego 

• Return fare - any day 
on any of 8 dnily roundtrips 

be tween San Diego and Los 
A ngeles, and 2 daily round-

trips between Los Angeles 
and Santa Barbara, aboard 

Amtrak's "San Diegans " service. 
Relief from driving stress & relief 

from budget stress - this is as 
goodas itgets! 

Now take Amtrak's"San Diegans" to your destination for 
the regu1ar fare , and your return trip is only $7. ThlwI roundt rip 
between San Diego and Santa Ana for just S24, or between San 
Diego and Santa Barbara for just 139. 

$7 return fare is good any day aboard Amtrak , including 
special Amtrak bus connections serving such cities as Palmdale, 
Lancaster, San Luis Obispo and Bakersfield (and our Amt rak's 
"San Joaquin" rvicc). See your trawl agent or call Amtrak at 

Get in on Amtrak's One-Way: Plus $7 Return Fare. = 
• " 7 mu,,, '.re".lid ror lr.~1 t.hrou.h 12/11/92. u c.pl o n . ,11 : 4/ 19: 6/22: ~!25: .~"kI.)' •. S.lurd.y..l"ldSu"d.Y.IAJune. Julyll Au"UIl : 9/4 yn; 1112." 11J2r. . • nd 11}29 OU\trre,-lriclion . mil)' apply 

ALL-SPORTS COMPETITION 

II v.d DaIh. ~ .1.., • RaId GoaII<i:Ii1g 
SoftbaH Throw e Bowling • 50 Yard Freestyle 

Volleyball Doubles • Softball HlUlng e Ille Run 
Tennis Doubles • High Jump • Basketball Supershot 

UCSD SPECIALS 
• I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 

~ Mltaublah. Isuzu Acura Dalhatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

inor Tune Up Special ·$29 ~reg . $55) 
I. Spark plugs Our /JJnf up iIIcItJdss a 101 moflllli6l olhers. h int:/ude$: 
2. Distributor points 6. Clean & replenish all fluid & oil levels 10. Chedl undercwriage lor diwnages 
3. ~ 7. Check brakes 11 . CIlcdI cooling syslem & hoses 
4. Adjust tiring 8. Check cIu1c11 12. Road lest 
5. Ad;Jst dwell angle 9. Check lights 

,,;!~Oint M!jp.!,!e!~~~2.fecial (,~9,~' 
2. Valve ~ustment 11. Adjust timing 21 . Checl<& replenish aD 28. Check and rechillg8 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle flUId and oille'lels battery, H necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket 13. Adjust catlJurelor 22. Check eletrital system 29. Rotate tires (II needed) 
4. SpIr1! plugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. Chedllor loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points 15. Adjus air & fuel ratio mix bolts 31. lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 16. Adjust dutch 24. Check brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air liIler. 17. Adjust bral!es 25. Check dutch 33. Check cooling system & 
8. Oil filer. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 26. Che<Ughts hoses 
9. Gas liter. and 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarriage lor 34. Check exhaJstsvstem 
to. Engine oil belts damages 35. Road test 

20. I ube IrnnI end 

.: For~C;';pi;t;·CI~t~8hJ;b· $169 * 
Werep/acs: 

1. Transrrission inptA shaft seal (except 4. Throwout beamg Note: HydrauHc pa1s ilIe not covered. 
HondaI 5. Pilot bearings NaIlor 4WD. Front wheel drive extra 

2. PmeuIe plate 6. New transrrission oil . 
3. Clutch disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
FtM 01''''. BrtIIIB job iII:Nd6s: 

1. NIIIIpICiIII ,.. pIda or inIIII _ IIfllM __ 5. Bleed entire brake system 
2. Drain old InN lid 6. ~ Iront [01 ci'un$) iI1d rear shoes 
3. fnIIlIc2 ~ ¥rUiC syIIem 7. Replace lIor( rotOl' seals r~ rOCor tIXn) 
4. R.II1¥idc nuid 8. AoId last 
. ,..,... ..... naI inclAIed 

.............. A8II.-ut OW" ",.0'" rIItee for ........ ovem.-... 
All 0. WGIk 11M • .,.., or 20, ....... l..tted • ......tr. 

All .......................... . 

OWeiseas (':a::ramar Rd .• ...1990 
.......... R.,.' • ":.':r-:':UMI~ 
•••••••• TOIling and reraJ CIt~. Monday.fm.y, 7:30 am-6 pm. 0pM ......, 

( 

c 



10 CALENDAR. 

M..., .... ~ 
• 8&m. .... :3OpJn.~ 
.............. )01_ 
IJIOiIds. Wt,*idIiUI nlPIII~_ 
b¥ York ... GIl or 131534-7344. 
• 8 P ..... :30 p.m. - \.II _ ..., 
" 2 .... hIIp~ .. "* ... 
liRe ... II.n.l ...... midIIIm IJIIIIRiOn. 
nj ........ _ b¥YCIIt ... CI10or 
c11534-7.M4 ~.14I1 pnnI ...... t'" 
., 00" ~ ........ OASIS SU!y 
Seils WorISqa. 
• 8 ~"":30 p.m. -The _ ...... 
...... p!OIIidIIs ..-.a ~ .... .... 
nihe .... isrU£ngIWinl~ ... tiw.I_ 
n..--.SCrih.GemwInIFmnAdalJd 
1ll!l00Wllll1~""~ 
00 IaJ,IISl CIt. 534-22&4 IDr nm irtJmIIIon. C*l 
SUIn car, '-A. Aocm 214. 
• 8a.rn. .... :30p,m.-The_-.-.... 
is. Iiee 3!JMcebai 00;0 ...... _'*00II10 
OOIIwrtingarilwlstr.",-~~projed 
-a8i*:lIIJIIS,pnnalamds,IMI1Sbies 
nj poems. 1M sial cA nnd ~ IIIio 
am! from a _oIl3irTic cIscipIjnes, CiI1 help 
)'OU bimne a iiiOI8 eIDM lIIiIer. ~ 534-22&4 to 
mile ill iQAliI •• ilf or Gw b¥ [U m illll! ()d 
Slu<lenl Cenler. Bldg. A. Room 214. EWlfling 
~rtnmUJ"" 

Mf1>"I,.", FrI".,u," 24 
• 12-1 p.rn. - ttl 'credit mI1..ause: fIIIIIIW 
.......... lMm:ed~If4lired. 

Y~ Hall «l10. 534-7344. 
TIU:1II .... FtUn.ar; 25 

• 2-3p.rn.- T ............ '. C.,re'III',. Worlshop. II problems with 
coranIraIion.~. iIldCOlB'(<:aISII!)'OU 
10 ~ lime COII1lISirr,j )'OUr ruing iISSl\I" a G. 
am! 10 !his voa1csI"q) iIld IIBn Slr3egie$ hi wiN 

~you 10 process lnIDrmiion nueellaJClywilh 
grm tnEr.iIirdng iIld at. ~iII Hall 2342. 

Wi/"at/trI, FeiJnI.,.., 26 
• 12-1 p.rn. - ttl cd rIIIIi-muse: fIIIIIIW 
........... (MorOIl).~~ 
RlQired. YOOt Hall «l10. 534-7J4.4. 
. 1-2p.rn-2-3p.m. - T ...... ...,., 
...... C'IIII" I ....... (See 
ifioImimn m.e) TiOga HalI5a2. 

FriiAy, FtJmuu:r 28 
• 12-1 p.m. - ttlad miXlUlSe:' l', 
•• I, I Mm:ed __ ion~534-
7344. YOlk Hall «l10. 

MIIffIi •. , tbrwI.rIIl Frill .. , 
• All Day - Do )'OU know your strqhs nj 

~ in )'OUr .. dites? You CiIlIJiC a 
FREE ~ hss em. R11TII'. byS9li1Q ~ 
Iorillawonmental tte2rd1oor oItre SlUlbll ~ 
Cdr. 

Mom/." Frbnutry 24 
• 12 p.m.·2 p.rn - Do you koow ~ yolK 
Itl' I ....... IS?ComebytheSttOn~ 
C81Ier iIld fioo ru ~ ~ nms. $imply Pl1S3a1111! 
12ihier.1Im I>'_rs 10 G~ W. Sli.dent ~ 
QJe. 
. 2p.m.- ResIlonsibie!eXlQ.MresiI100l1a1i0n0l1 
birth mrol iIld STD prctoclion. Come 10 a ZIItII 
c.trII ......... iIld ~ this ink>. SlIJin 
t&Jlh CenIer. 2nd floor. 

THad •. " Ftlmtnry 25 
• 11 am. - For rrmy propIe, sex is not easy 10 
discuss. You IreI iMtward iIld ~ AI a 
ZIItII c.tnI Info SessIon lie mainlam strict 
corIicblIiality Yotlile)'OU just reed 10 IISlen iIld lean 
iIld ask ~ ~ I'eaIh SeMre. 2nd floor. 
• 1 p.m. - There are so IlliIlY meIhods 01 
COOwplionl Whk1l ore is lor yOO/ Come 10 aZlltll 
CIItrIIlnIoSessJooilld.,111e1lyou all your~ 
so )'OU may pO the fTehxj lei! for you! SlIJin 
Health Service. 2nd noor. 

we/"ad . .... FtbruRry 26 
• 10a.m. - Folilloseol)'OU with no desirefor8il1h 
COOroi Info lie hiM! a ~ for you! lOO Well 
WomiIl pI1l!1iIl1 is tor )'OUllOO ... _ 
..... will~)'OU~B1irtJOI1l'epdvicflll311. 
piMUMl tmIIh (38 nl rWiIion. SIudBt I6IIfI 
SeMre, 2nd m . 
• 1 p.rn. - ll8ll is more 10 life 1hiI1 sex. BIi 
irresponsiblesex. nwmhllife oreW!flIake.away! 
'Nrpt lake the risIt. Yotlen your life has so rrmy 

possitil~1es! Care 10 a .... c.tnI ~ Sessioo 
iIldlndruiirusabsex!SlIJin HeaII1 CmIIJ,2nd 
noor. 

11/111'1"".', Ftlmuary 27 
• 10 a.m.- The ... c.nIIOOSessJooisn' just iiJotj bir1h ooriroI! &JIB, lie nmion all III! 
COO_Ml methods. how ~ worIt iIld their 

~ tullealso!b:ussSTD p!M'Oooilld 
tte peM;eIC3TI.Careoo in njfnlout more. ~ 
I'mth Service. 200 m. 
• 1 p.m. - A IllIJ8 pap Si1l8ir is just as ~ 
as ~ pIiysicaI or IinaI cIB:k-lClSl AI a ... 
_ ........ we1l .. rroreiirulll!peM; 
8ICiIll so)'OU will tnJeIs1iI1d its impofIiIlm Come 011 
by!!! SluQJlI HIBIh SeMce. 2m m . 

FriIiA:I, Ftlmuary 28 
• 10a.m.·12 p.m. -Passing by the SIudert I'eaIh 
Coo/e(I WIry not Pl1 a visil iIld find out )'OUr 
'I I .. fRII7 Please pay just S3a1thel2ihier 

firsl.II1!nWlliu_rsmGiOUPlM. SUBiHealh 
SeMce. 200 Ioor. 

MMIiA;r thrwttrb FriIIAy 
.Ba.m. ... p.m. __ ... (~oIlriR:IMl 
GuIdim oj 1ntoIrTaion) is a ~-tmed 
propn 01 CiIIIIIJ IDmIIoi ~ 10 help )'OU 
cQiIy)WskiIIs. 8I8SiIld ~irtms. 

f«i'OOiI!~amlmraerSerWmen.. 
~S10. 
• ..... - " )'OU'1e plJDlg lis (JBIIf iIld 

jabtIJIiiV. .... "*' ICIU .. I ....... in 
)OIlIIIdaliwnJllllho.gQQuslllllldfllllollling 
in .. IDcII ..... ~...,b ..... 
-........ ,,~ .......... 
SOI" .......... c.. 
sn:.~. 
.,:3Hp.JI. ____ IIIIIIIII-..a-Fcr 
1IIp ... ca._~ ... ~ 
or IIIiPIorInCI P1a11ssio1l11 or pUle school 
....... No..,....-y .... in. 
c.. sn. CaIIIr. 

M-.,.,."..., 24 
• 11 a.m.-' PJII. - ...... I., , 
... AlrCcu\llling:~or .. _ ••• l 
534-_ ChIiIa HnrI. AIIJ) 1(W1(!j 
• 1~2:30 pm. - ..... I liS l1li, •• 
...... : : • 0IqHn Disi1I. or brt 
..... 534-_ &i1 WIID.,. 2110 ¥Ie 
b1 SI4Jp. car. 
• 1:30pm. .... I .......,' 2 
-lJMI .... ....,~ .. UXIIJU in .. 
.... PIOtSc..~car . 
• 2-4 p.m. - ......... A VIIOIIIsIlop b 
incMiIIs Inllldnl cIsnss.., _10 kn:Iioo 
beIIr. l.eIdir. An .... 534-3815_ Cal tlr SOt-
~2148HSS. 
.4-5:30pm.-T I • , '. ... .. 

A~tlr ~1IIio MIlicI IilelOeqlIofe 
isuscAkBUy aOO .... 1i .... laIiIs: MiuIBl 
Pobison, 534-2Zl7 iIldPdllrCoallta534-:mi. ~ 
tor sigl-up. 1003 GH. 

T -u." Ft6rrurry 25 
.,1am.- ...... ""' ..... .....,. 
m 01 all JOOs YDDes .. INMI1Ised. ThIs 
wOOshop willlKtl)'OU .. IIQSI eIi!IcM 'lllf1O ind 
1IBn. CDr SeMoas cnr. 
• 1·2p.m.- .". , , 5 AonHIoIr 

~ tlr tIlose dIIIi1g ... tIIIing nlweitji 
isus. I.!d ~ RED peer COIJ1IIIIor. Curt Am. 412 
MNt. 
• 1-3p.m. - ........ S, I .... 
Peer c-e .. : DfOI)-in advising o. by 

~ Em WSil. 534-:mi_ Aj12110. ¥«; 
kal.~. CriJ, 
• 2:l}.431 p.m. - ........ $ , 2 
... ,., C • : Drop-in ~ or by 

~ DiNe I<iIlg. 534-:mi. NrsJ 
104{11li. 
• 3-4:ll p.m. ruM II II A 
(1Ol4) 10 help IM!IaJme cIeIl,'ilg Ides. 
lJaB: Itql Paes, 534-3456. !WAle 
PloY. eon, Am. 
• 3-4 p.m. - LIJMJiJ, .., ......... 
....... ,.. •• will DMI. liM a 

~?w.nsomemekltalk.,?Needa~ 
tmirormn? Drop b¥ roan 3247. Wcrnr1lJnJ1e 
Bldg. or call 534--3!117" Sd 14l ill iQAliI iii. a. willi 
CI1eIi. Usa. SlMor DM1. 
• ~:30p.m.-C-.... -a~ 
(1Ol4) b' Iri8lds 0I1esbin gays iIld bisecuaIs. A 
supportive iIld honest fJMfOI1IT1Ift for an open 
diakJO.e.l'On!r1's lema! CriJ. 
• 7:ll p.m. - AM c:r.rr.." _ -
GrIMng tile loss 01 cllkIlocx!.lmIIcing tree oIlirnily 
roles, aIIIJdng 10 ~ smionaI business. A 
PIl9JUioo wiIh ~ B1 by ~ WII 
- Roon 211li. Boor8 Hall 

Wt."atI." FdInuary 26 
• l1a.m. - ................. , 
....... IbN 10 pIeIBe nj ~ tor Ph.D. iIld 

il3bni:~~QnerSeM:esCener_ 
• 11 a.m.-I p.m. - AIcIIIII & I , 1M. 
..... ,., C I.: Drotrin a1Iising. or by 
appolitTln. 534-:m5, Chelsea Helkul. AIrjJ 1041 
1(l). 
• 1 p.m. - .. ,.,......,: A ooe-hour 
VIOOOiq) lor 1hose OOaIing lIiIIi Bing iIld wei(;1I 
issues. I.!d by RED peel' amseIor. Coo1. RIll. 412 
MMe. 
• 2-3 p.m. - LIJli?II, .., Mil ..... 
....... ,.. ciS with Cheli. Have a 

~?w.n moonelO talk 107 NeedaSl.W(lllile 
en'IinmBll? Drop b¥ tte Wooal's Resource CriJ 
or call 534-3!II71o sa "ill ~ willi Cheti. 
Usa. SIeve or DaYid. 
• 2 ... p.m.- ....... ', , ..... 
'"' C. ... III£: Drop·in advising or by 

~. Eric ~ Room 109, Te Mnin. 
Bldg. 
• J.-4:ll p.rn - 1:IiIcIIWA, , ......... , 
...................... Meas.ady 
10 «blISS abTic.1BSOO iIld social ecperMms. 
I..edIS: DiIlalmz,534-1579njLnlsayr.ak8tJl, 
534-a149. Call b ~ lIMIte f'rIMlsI onm 
• ~:lJp.m. - ~"' __ 
___ ........ I.!dbyCl1eliilld Usa. A 
weeIdy, ~ ~ tlr IQI1IJl .., "'10 
discuss isus iIld shin amms in a ~ 
SI4JI)OI1M! erMronri"8t. DIqHns wekXme. or call 
534-87b'1l1OIei'DmiDn~101x:sDSUb1s 
ooIy. Wooa\'s Resrutz CIre. 
• 7-9p.m. •• T ... l , CooIepn 
Fr. Chris WiIIashe l181saSBies~iUing.cIeiIlsD;I. 
spiriliaI naf?;Dns. E'III)QE is WIIblme. Taking 
pIQ in tte RewlIIe FormaII..ruQ\ Sponsored by III! 
COle SUBt CormuIiIy. 

111f11'11111y, FtImuary 27 
.,I:30a.m. ., lIlU .......... 
- lIIIn how., rmsIrtJd a staIHHlHt iISOOlII 
thai will maIII! you sIiIld ru horn III! CIOIId. CnJ 
SeMoas QrIr. 
• 12-2p.m.-'*-......... l.!dby 

I..indsirlcaoo.~49.Callfor~.RMIe 
FormilM;le. 
• 2-3 p.m. - LIIMII, ............ 
....... JiIIr I I sllillllsa.Dropb¥h 
WOOBl'S ~ en. orCJI534-39B7~ sa" 
ill appoitnR will Chell. Usa. S2M or 0iMd. 
• 2:»4'31 pm. T 2 'S ,_ ... 

c...(I~WOIIIshlp)~ in dirr,j 
will ~ Enjoy s:iInle7 AlII au hOw \WIoIs 

~irdudngrralk:ft.INth)Ol"*-ls 
iIldsMIs.~salRs.nlrnonIirtJIrrml 
willie presDd. c.r SerGs car. 

TbcUCSDG ......... MoMaJ, I'cIInIarJ U, 1992 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

SoftbaIISplIt$ Weekend Toumey 
., .... --~ s.-a EdIiJrK 

As the only Division m repcacnt8live present It 
!he c.l s.. s.n Bernadino TOWDIII1leI1l, the UCSD 
soM.U _ WII one of the favorites 90 take a few 
baIIinp. But the liilOnldishedout some puniIbmenI 
• well. JOinI 011 10 win !he consolllion tnckeI 
ct.n..-wIJip over the bolt IeIm. 2-1, on Sunday. 

The ~ bcpn 011 Friday with UCSD 
fIICina off.,.m.t the fiftb.nnked Division D teIID in 
nMionIIIy, Cal SllfCa.kersfieId. 1bepowerfu1 Ra.t-
nanners r'ICed by the Tritons 4-1 OQ the strength of 
some ..... fiIqJower • 

"'We IIUCt with BakersfteId until the founb in-
nia&. " said UCSD Head eo.:h Mcliasa Janell, .. but 

tbey'~ sucb a bil-hiaina tIeaID that they just bad to 
ICIOIe aomedme. " 

The second pme of abe tourney saw the TrilOnS 
takina on San Bernardino for the first timeclurins the 
weekend. This pine was UCSD's tum to show some 
offemive prowess • the Tritons exploded for eip. 
runs on the way to an ~ victory. 

The Tritons fa:ed McsaCoUeae fromCokndoon 
Salurday afternoon. They were unable to continue the 
--.ning's hiains. and wound up losing 2-1. 

"I wasdisappointed with tbIIl pne because 1 knew 
_.lOUkI have beaten them. We just couldn't get it 

together," said Jarrell. 
Sarurday's third game fearured the Tritons taking 

on UCRiverside in what turned out to bea--niJbbnare 
poe" in !he words of Coach JIllTell. 

The liitons were unable to SlOp the Highlanders or 
start any offense of their own and we~ lrImpled to. 

'* 1IIcOaIIIIJ~ 
Usa Mora helped the Tritons to two wins yesterday . 

I. Actually, UCSD played a decent game according to 
lIIITeU, if you subtract the "one iming we couldn't buy 
an out. They weren't that good, and so it was disappoint-
ina because we shouldn't be geating blown out." 

1be Tritons began Sunday with a 5:00 a.m. wake-up 
call in order to make the day's first game at 8:00. The 
early stan must have helped as UCSD started the day off 
with a 3-2 victory over Cal Baptist 

That win put UCSD into the fmats and its second 
poe againsP San Bernardino. With Dianna M<nno on 
?he I1lOW1d, ?he Tritons held the Coyotes in check and 
escaped with alwd-fought 2-1 biumph. 

JaneU was impressed with her team's perfonnance. 
"Coming off of the big loss to Riverside, the two wins 
today were really imponant. To come back from a game 
like dull and win two games showed that we could play." 

SPOR1SLINE./ NAMES, NOTES AND NUMBERS 
" o db « 

UCSD lirack won ?be eves in 3:18.0611Dd set a Golf Wins new ICbooI m:ord in the process. 
The UCSD men's IIDd women's 

track and field teams compefCd in 
?hePomona-PiUJer AD Comers meet 
on Saturday Feb. 22 

All-American S<:ou Supant 
turned in a ru. pIIICe perfIInDance 
willi a 195-2 launch in the t.nmer 
throw, befCR winninl the discus. 

Saraeant didn't fare as well in 
the shoI put. but IDIIIIIIpd to take 
tbiJd with a 47-3 1f2 throw. 

UCSD's4xIOOmeter~laytam 
of Jim Moore, Ernest Oark, Craig 
Swanson, and Gus Hsu took third 
pIale in the event with a time of 
43.43. 

1be highlisht of the afternoon 
came. the Tritons' 4x400 meter 
relay tam of Clark. JolIn Ander-
son, PlrrickFoy and Mike Dobbins, 

For the UCSD WODJal'S team. 
Debbie Hargrove pIIccd first in the 
diaaB willi a 144-1 throw. 

Erika Washington won ?he ~ 
lDCIerevenl with a time of25.43 and 
YveaeMarzuDo won ?he 400-meter 
race iD 60.38. 

The women also set a school 
record of their own as biple jumper 
Renee SprowllWDod in a 35-1 per-
fonnancetotakesecondin?heevent. 

The Tritons' 4,,100 meter ~lay 
team of Marzullo, WashinpHl, 
Sprowl and Michelle Milledge 
placedseoondin the race with a time 
of 49.35 . 

The 4x400 team ofWasbington, 
MIrzullo, Diane Keller, and Sheryl 
Rabinallo took second place with a 
time of 4:16.62. 

The UCSD golfaeam continued 
its run of impressive victories, with 
a 305-307 SQueaker of a win over 
Division II UC Riverside last 
Wednesday. 

Medalist Jeremy Moe paced the 
Tritons with a two-over-par 74. 
Other scores for UCSD included 
Pete Robens and Brock Shafer who 
both shot 765 over the 6,s8S-yard 
Canyon Crest Country C1ub~. 

Tom Brown shot a 19 to round 
out the Tritons' scoring. 

UCSD is now 6-0 with acumula-
tive shot diffe~ntia1 for the six 
matches of 131. 

The Tritons' next match is today 
at Cal State San Bernardino where 
they face another Division n foe in 
the Coyotes. 

-GNtIWrMn 

SPOllTS 11 

LA JOLLA BREWING COMPANY 

Sun.-Thun. 
11 am-12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am-2 am 

( -

"Hey Red, I is is Ihe besl beer 
and fish sandwich place in lown ." 

' _J{'> ~". i"'j 
, Lunch 
, DInner 
.0,*811' 
• 21/W student II) 

7536 FAY AVE. ~ CALL 456·BREW 

I 

ROBERT'S 
AUTO 
&aMAN. SWEDISH. JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( IIIO~ 0).- 11")t) o .J, _ ~ f'- .,. 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p .m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m,-5 p,m. 

... _.... r • 

........ - .. "_r_r IF. 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

"Except motor aDd 1rIDImiIIi0ll overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

0\\ «":::ov ,hings comet!~~d"'P"ff yau .Iust· CDII'. 
your dry cleaning. Pick up II ve ...... " 
groceries. Do your banking. Your ..,. &"j 0 
dieting. Ynur art framing. And I" .p 
never move your car. ..,~ 

If you're hungry for an all-you-
can-eat treat, come to the Soup 
......... Pick ......... , with 
playland to keep everyone in the 
family happy. To s.ltisfy your 
craving for a good buok, shop 
........ Looking fur a good 
buy? n:. ........ , ...... will 
suit yuu fine. And all tht! comforts 

~)f hume, art! wailing at ..... 1 
-...... 

COSTA VERDE 
For all those everyday things 

that usually take 10 trips, take a 
shortcut instead . Easit'r living is 
right around the cornt'r . 

At Costa Verde_ 
Corner of Genesee & 
La Jolla Village Drive. 
458-9270 

Big Bear • Boo!.!stat • Pier' • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 

, 



., 

12 CLASSJPIBDS 

AN~~OU NC E r.l ENTS 
AdaM CNIchn 01 DIworce ................ 
cllallllan. T~."25. 7:30p.m .• 
Room 2105 aanr. ..... (2124) 
ANGIR.~.JuIb,EcIUIIIY. 
AFFIRIlATIYE ACTION FORUliI 
M8rctI 3. Tueiday. 7:30 p.m .• 2722 
york .... (USB). (2J20.2J24) 
A8IO !HIE .... I ~ Iwv. 
...... buI .... 1wv. ABAPIIItInaII 
Immedlat. OI*Ilng. In SO: NTN 
Communications. CoiorSoft. TCS 
PubIIIHng. San Ylidro RftItIIIzdon 
ProjIct. DnIp by PC 3.303. c.I 534-
4688. (2118-212<') 
SI., Tr.k tana wanled 10 anawer 
~tor,.~on 
TraIcIdea. Cal StIph. • IIIIr 5 
p.m .• or IMve 8ddrau on 1MCNne. WII 

~ tor lime. (2124-2127) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UClDCLOYHM 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
Flirmai( ...................... 222~ 
UClDIATS 
Ben a Jeny .................. 587-3680 
BJ·.Pizza ..... ............... ~ 
Domlno· ....................... 452·UCSD 
Heidi' . .......................... 450-3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456-BREW 
La JoIa Gourmet DeIiv. 483·9991 
Papachlno's ................. 546-7666 
Royal Thai Cuisine ....... 456·2063 
Stratford Colfee House 481 ·8590 
UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plu . .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587--4844 
UCSDHAlR 
Young Attiludes ............ 457·3384 
Ralph's Hllir. PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
Essence Salon ............. 453·94n 
We Cars Hair ............... 587 -CUTT 

UCSDBEAUTY 
Trim a Tan ................... 0&55-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558· 1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Roylll1y NIita ................ 483-6188 

UClDHEALTH 
aFITN_ 
AIhIete CycIery ............. m-8255 
BeIng At .................. ..... 483·9294 
CIaasIcIi Eye ............... 452·7374 
UC CycIIry ................... 452-8842 
Dr. McOonaId Opt ....... 279-5858 

Tbc UCSD GaudIM 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word i1lCJ'rtnenls. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for persofIQl ~ only), $3for fac"lty and siaff, and $4 for olliers. Payment 
in advance is req"ired; therefore, ads mllSt be moiled with a check (matJe payable 
10 The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. ThW'sdoy for 
Monday's iss~, and 3 pm. Monday for Tluusday's iss~. The Guardian reserves lhe 
right 10 refuse any advertising including bid not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-5416. Mailing tIdd1'ess: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilmon 
Drive, 0316, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316.AclflQ/ address:.StlllkntCenterA, top floor. 

DISSERTATION WORKSHOPS. 8U:k 
In the~? For ....... 1nbmdon 
or ICh.duling call 692·0966. 
Poalgr"_ Group. (1130-3112) 
The NIdonIII 0rganIzd0n tor Reform 
01 Marijuana Law. I. m~~ 
comebIckl Help re-es1IIbIsh 
.. • UCSD ftJCIenI orgMizaIIon by 
signing up todayl c.I R .E. at 587· 
8948. Stand up agaIn.1 Ieglslal~ 
monIItyt (2J20.2127) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: HP 485X CaIcuIaJr. If tound 
cal Gerald II 450-1486. Reward tor 
Ntum or hetpfulintormation. (2124·2/ 
27) 
fOUND: HewteIt·Packard c:alallalor. 
211.w2. CIII 458-11548 to 1denIty. (2J 
24-2127) 
$50 rawn tor my black. SchwInn HIgh 
SIerra mountain bIIa. STOLEN 11211 
92. YOI1t Hal. 278-5174. (1127·2127) 
LOST: Yelow Sony Sport Wallunan & 
headphones w!Whlt. '1/v.- tape of 
Card!! Rulers. T apeof"grMtperaonal" 
ImmpolnMl .... lIIOa~. PIeaH r.aum at least fie 
tapellll LoaIon V ....... •• OIly. Felicia. 
792-9514. (2J2G.2124) 

SERVICES 

8C8I DRIYESII New 200 Meg MXTOR 
LXT2OO. IUpII' quill. .... IdMI .. 
"*"III _ $48S458O ext ; 340 Meg 
CDC ..... 1150. ~: __ 
1171. May 8CICIpI ...... (Mac only). 
(2124) 
SEX/! SEX/! SEXII ... Is muctI more 
likely... In a cl.an apartm.nt. 
ForUIIIIIIy, the FUI BuIer ~ can 
helpl SIgn up this week .. .,. PrIce 
c.- and 1M .. mIM ,.... home a 
men InvI*Ig placel (212<') 
WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers. rllum... L .. ., printing. 
'pellcheck. $2.50/DS pag • . 
Experienced. R..... InputIOuIpuI 
587-0080. (2124-3112) 
Having. bid hair day? c.I "The eura' 
haIn:uII- men "0. women "5. For 
an ~ cal 5111 4858. (1121-31 
12) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. WhIle you w .... 
xarox. and more. Near St. a.rm.n' •. 
452-9848. (80'23-614) 
Olga e.t - ElecIroIoaIIt: 1200 ID 1500 
haft per hour. 325CJ HolIday Court. 

StudenlcIecounCa.~I962. 
(1~3112) 

RESUMESIWORD PROCESSING. 

TENNIS BALl MACHINE by PrInce. 
Excelenl COIICIMat, - only $50. Guy 
458 6848. (2124-2127) 
I8MIXT ..., rnaIh chip. color rnonIIor. 
keyboIId. S400 or mIM oItIr. 458-
... (212<') 
GuIW: acouaIc ..... atr1ng perfect 
COIdlah. Brand new. $75. 452-2085. 
(2124-3.11) 
Honda AMo 50 ScooW 1985. Good 
condition. rellabl.. In.xpen.lv. 
trallIIPO'fIdIon. $300. Aaron 259-9t21 . 
(2124-2127) 
TWO $50 AmefIcM AIrtInea travet 
vaucIIera. Good ~ • 513001II2. 
"5torboll4S0H033. (2124) 
For .. : one-waytldllll tom s.. OlIgo 
ID San Frand.cD Man::h 9. 1982. U. 
evwq tight 120. c.I Aaron at 587-
7111. (2118-312) 
CHEAP! fBUU... SEIZED. 8a 
Mercedes $200. Ie VW '50. 87 
.... cedes "00. 15 M ...... $50. 
c:hooN from ..,...... -*'0 $25. 
FREE24-11ourr.aonllig rWMIadltalla 
801-3~2929. CopyrIght tICA34KJC. 
(2118-3112) 
Mul1 HII lNO VW Rabbit. Fu.' 
injection. Great COIICIIon. $15000.b.o. 
Cal 454-41186 momingal .... , 1OOflI. (1/ 
9-3112) 

WOld proceaaIng: M~. theeIa. W." ~ your documanta alylel AIIO 
HAWAIIIII D •• p.rat.ly •• Ulng 
cerWIc:aIea. En1ItIea up to 4 people 5 
nightlin hotaI accom. Honolulu. 587· 
2184. Ardy. (2/13-2124) papers. C. 55&-2397. (2124-2127) - deak1cp publishing and training. 

PageaPlul452·1240. (2110-2127) 

'MW"t(,wJ"I~ 
E..". f- tJ. .."",.tI/ 
..... d., 

..... " .. , ... PolL UCSD .... c.e.,. 
.....". 

PIANO LESSONS can be tunl Patient. 
experienced, local Ieachef. AI levels 
weIcom • • Joan KurIMd. 457-8065. (2/ 
13-319) 

GuIB'. PRSCE BoIkJn. VlnllgeSlrixnl 
maple tap; IOI8WDOd ~ WIll 
c.e. $700 or beat otIIr; C8Ih tJIfy. PIU. 
2B H1862. (2120-2127) 
Kenwood PuIout CD 93R. Top of the 

Prot ... lonal lutorlng. Physlc./ lnel New In box. $199 RIch 455-1817. 
Mathemallca. all courses. Call for rates: (2120-2124) 
R. DubIIch. PtI.D. (619) 271-9224. (2/ ----------
20-315) 1m 1IIchIn' c.n.o. RIN .... A 

FOR SALE 
SPEAKERSI411naar phase mod. 8812 
studio monItora. Brand newlTlght t... 
.xcellenl mIds and t1WIa. Uat $725 
NCh. wtI ucrtIIce - $1000 for aI. c.I 
."., 4:30. 551-2040 Rick. (2124-2127) 
IIACINTOSH/IBII TUTORING. A 
le •• on or two g.t. you going I 
Knowtedgable. paIIent help .. your 
home. your j)IICe. Begi • ..,.: do.ft 
..... lime doing ... wnIfIGI c.I 
AJ. 452-3142. saMIr. {2J2OoII27) 

....... JuIl $500. Call BedIy 270-8220 
(2124-3112) . 

WANTED 
NEED CASH? I NEED MOOELSI MaIIi 
FemaleI8~NaIIonaI,"""'_ 
The Body 9'Ioppe 917 ..... C2/2.., 
t=r.rnId NIall SerIograph • woman wi 
horae 4O"lcfO" - not a print '75 obo. 
e.. Eric 54e 88111. (2124) 
Co.. (1111 .... VHS mcMIL Top" 
_ MuaIc Tradir. 101M MIramar Ad. 

CIf. for Oplillllll HeaIIt1 • 558-3600 
Dr. RichIrd BarAn DOS .. 450-5565 Council Sony XR5500 Pullout .t.,. with 25x25W. Dolly. MIS. EXCEllENT 

condo $220 OBOe.. Jeff 457-2448. (21 
24-2127) 

183-1488. (1127-3112) 
... modIII. Bull. dallied tor PlaygIrl 
1IIAImIIaI. $500. PhDeo to Box 34012, 
s.n DIego. 92183. (1130-2124) UCSD FLOWERS 

Flower BukeI .............. 455-5545 
Diva FJow.a ................ 558-6688 

UCSO Price CerCer(by thE PQR Office) 

451·0630 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 
UClDETC. 
Audiofile ....................... 4S&-F1LE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 2n-6744 
Music Trader ................ 883-1468 
MD labs ......... .............. 226-1733 
Paper TrancIs ............... 450-9291 
RonkIn EGJcatIonaI ...... 587-t600 
Zen KIn FulOflI .......... 270-3680 
Video GIiIeIy ............... 452·1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578-5745 
Futons 4 Leas .............. 578-5745 

~ N411 
~~Tl£1j ~1J 1;i,0 
". ( . e,,,,~_u. 

1IMt~ 
.FiI-inS ~ 

• liIen & SIIc • Gel 
• Hot Oil Manicure 
• French Manicure 
• Regular manicure 
• Pedicure 

GJI_ 224-2818 
Op.ri6~~ 

.uv~_ 
<Suit. ZII, &.. 7>...,.., a;r 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(Positions Limited) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 
training you can flndl 

EARN $6-$12.<:00+ while 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992, 
CaD 

1-800-KAU.-UPP today 

Moadq, Fcbrauy U. 1992 

HOUS!~JG 

Roommate needldl Own room. 113 
..... $310. 2 112 ..... to oiqJua. 
aorou 110m UTC. 45C).3421. (2J2403I5) 
WANTED FEMALE RClCMotATE own 
room S300 + 113 uti. non-tme*er -
aprtng • • oriy. Need UnIIIn tor own 
room only. CIII 458-9548. (near VotrII 
UTe). (2124-2127) 
FEMALE NONSMOKING ROOMMATE 
WANTED: .prlng quan.r only .. . 
apmienIdoHlD ~ (1AbonINobeI 
0'0II ...... ) . . . cbAIIe- $2I5Imonth 
OR lingle w/ own bill - $345hnonIh 
+ 113 utIItIIa ... easygoing roarMIIIII. 
Lori 457-(1941. (2124-3112) 
Roommate wanted (male) 10 aha! 
maater~1n LaJolaCol.: · 
La Scala WI wt1tt pool. epa. CDnipM>. 
gym. 5 min . to school. Cle.n. 
COIIIIder_ roomrna1a. 272.50 +1/3 
utII1Iea. Contact BryanlRob at 552· 
84118. (2124-2127) 
.... bedroom 1YIIabIe. beau1IfuI La 
.lola Colony condo; attadIed garage; 
Iawdy; at.Id apaoI tuIy tumIIhed; 
pooI/Ipa; looking tor quiet. fIIPOIlIIbIe 
...... raomrn.-lII'Dugh June. $475f 
mo + tl2 uti; ~2688. (2124-312) 
ROOMMATE WANTED. Del Marcondo 
with view 2becW bill turnIahed IDnon-
smoMr. cIMn ~. o.Ied,parIdng. 
own phone line. cable TV. poof. jecuzzI. 
AYallablengw $3a5+ 11211111c*fc11y. 792· 
5240. (2124) 
Female roommate wanted ID sIlara 
IurnIIhed maaIer bedroom tor aprtng 
quaIIr. CIDu to ~ poof. jacuzzi. 
wa.h.r/dry.r. $280Imo. Includ •• 
utIIIIIa. 578-0188. (2124-315) 
HIP FEMALE RCXlMMATE wnad ID 
ahara 2Bw.! 112 BA two IIDIy apnnent 
w/3 oIIersl $2tO.Tno + 114 ....... lArII 
than one mile from UCSO. Close to 
..... orcanbll!.e. PooI.jacuzzl.1IMIa. 

andWllgtIlIOOm.~pertdng.AvaIeIe 
tor 8pIIng q&aIer. DepoeI only $87.sot 
Em 587~. (2J24.2I27) 

RoornmaIe needad: House In beautiful 
MIra Mesa. CIDu ID movies. bowling 
andAIIerID·s. 15m1nlDcampua.MIIIIIIr 
bedroom $325Imo. +1/4 utII. Cal now 
betDra 11'. gone. Mike 578-2644. (2124-
315) 

RoommaIe wantad: own Ig rmIprt bill 
In sunny. cIMn. upataIrI apt.1hort ride 
to campus. Microwave. OW. cable. 
VCR. partdng.laundry. bu8IInee. Close 
to all lhopping/trMw.ya. $35Ot'mo. 
Need «Pet. ratpOI ..... noll.moldllg 
......... c.I EIIn Imrned. 588-2702 . 
AYaI ...... IInaIII (2124-2127) 
LA JOLLA W 011-5. near UCSO. FurrII 
unlm IIIMY 1 br andaadotrom $590. 
24-hour HC:Urity. patIoaJbaIoonIe • 
BBQa. By Trader Joe'.. bus a1op. 
Ihapplng. 452-8850. (2/13-2127) 
SoIMa BMch 3 bed. 2 112 bait • ..,., 
~A "....,.rrtg, eIc. A 4 au...~. 
Only $1 • Cal 713-0517. (21 
13-3112) 

r Reeeerch Volunteen 
UNHAPPY? 

PBD re.areh ltucliea .... lual· 
iD( medicatiooa .... av.llable to 
people 18 or older ,ufftriq from 
dtpi ....... S,m .... iDdude_ 
n_. 'atips. Iou 01 ia"real ia 
dall, acliYitita, eha ... in ,Jeep 
aDel weicht. hopele .. _. .Del 
inclec:iIioD. Sllilablt YOhutteen 
beneflll'rom me _lca"on.lab 
tHli. physicals .Del PI,clUatrie 
.. alaatiou. Small lr .. el .,.,. 
_Dl ....... Call ror a -'I. 
de_tial IY .... lioL 

MoodIlY, Pcbnaary 24, 1992 

Female III INn m..- bednn In 3 
1dmI2.5bahoule. Clean .......... 
IImaIe roGIMIIIII. No II1'oDIcIrIgIpe 
1..uIcty. garage. poaI. 2 mila IDOCSO. 
1298hno. + 114 uatIea ....... 587-
0878. (2113-315) 
Large mut.r bedroom w/Vaulted 
CIInge. own ballroom. large walk .... 
dDIet. In aecutty .,... 1DWno'm1e In 
Encinitas. $4OOImonth .. uIIHtin. 
IncIudea cable. RemoIe enlrywlglnge 
pMing. 753-3374. (2/18-2127) 
One block ID UCSO c:empull Room 
with I.,ge balcony In apacIoua 4-
bednIom famIy condo; private ball. 
pool. 1InnIa. nan-emoker; $325 + 114 
...... 455-98(8. (2118'2127) 
Femal. roommale needed ASAP I 
February tr .. 1 Own room In four 
bednIom hex.- In UnIYeraIty CIty. $375 
per monI'I p1u11I4 ~. Fun Nay' 
going but atudIouI ruommaI8I. Holly 
456-1420. (2118-2127) 

F.mal. roommate wanted. Own 
bedroom. own bath. 112 m .. from 
UCSD. Washer/dryer. own piIfdng 
apace. tumIahed If dIaInId. Available 
spring quart • . Approx $3OOImDnth + 1/ 
2 utIIIea. Katie 457-3383. (2/18-2124) 
QuIet Mira Mesa room tor rant. Own 
bedttIaIh $34O(mo. tl2 uti. ~791 
evenings. (2J2G.2124) 

EMPLOYMENT 

• Quiche 
• Seafood Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Garden Salads 

SUIoWER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHP II_ .... ngwtlldng p.ce. GaIn 
vaiUllbie axpertence managing all 
aapICtI of • IUCCHltul bu...,.... 
AvenIge grau profit $11,287. laIt 
chance tor 11111 ....... Cal T~ 'A' 
StudInI ....... tor information now. 
l-aoo-sat 8000. (1/18-2127) 
LAW CLERK/SECRETARY -
AcaIr-. typing IIcIIIa, good phone. and 
ling ...... no exptrItIa necea..y. 
FIexIIIe hours. Kearny ...... $5.25 per 
hour. 5eCHM05 ask for NoefIe.(,211o-31 
5) 
DomIno'. Pizza now hiring lor all 
poIIIona. If you're 18 yen old, with a 
drIver'.1IcInaa andlUlD insurance. you 
cen MIn up to $1 Mv .• WQft( tIuIIII 
hours. and be part 01 the wor1d' .... 
growing pizza d.llvery company. 
APPl YTODA Y DomIno'. PIzza UCSD. 
3211 HolIday Cl452.lJCSO. Apply .... 
3 p.m. (2113·2124) 
MO.OCIOIYrt 'READ BOOKS and TV 

~. AI out IknpIe "IIkeIdon't NIle" 
form. EASYI Fun. raIaxIng at home. 
b.ach. vacations. Guaranteed 
paydieck. FREE 24hourracoldlllg801· 
379-2925. CopyrIstII ICA34KEB. (2/ 
18-3112) 
IMMEDIATE OPENINGS part or lull-
time. Weekly pay. SeeIng go-geI1IIrs 10 
train torllllllllgerMrllcaraera. cornpIIte 
training a benetIII. 619-587-8846. (2/ 
18-2127) 
EARN up ID $50 a week and mora p8I1. 
time MIIng"Be TriIDn Sale" condoms. 
Great CJIIC)OI1unIty tor men and WOfTIII'I. 
Cal noWI1~~. (2118·2124) 
Baby.ltt.r n.eded for occasional 

~. Int_ boy p1u18 
and 5-year old girts. MuIt be 8kIIed In 
newborn CIf8. Del Mar. RefelIIICII. 

~70. (2J2G.2127) 
UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY. Become a 
conv.ntlon ho.t.... Paid travel. 
Inlereallng experiellCl.. AppIicanll 
must be 17·25. considered 1JItracIIo(e. 
peraonabIIt. ..-getIc. tree III 1nMII. 
Send name. addrau. tel. no.ancI_t 
phoID to: P.O. Box 3382 c/o H.R.C.A .• 
Sarasola, FI. 34230. As .oon as 
possible. Interviews. March 3-4·5. 
E.O.E. (2/20-312) 

The UCSD Guardian 

ALASI<AJOBS. Ex. $1000+1wk, room. 
boMI. ..... FIIhIng. educaIIIon. 01. 
angIneerlng & mora. WHkly Info. 
ALASKEMP: (503) 754-6051 Ext, 9. (2J 
2WI3O) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I Many 
poeitIDnI. Grealben ...... Cal (800) 336-
3388. exl. P-3387. (2I20-3I30) 

FREE TRAVEL - Ail CDUI'iera and 
CrulHahipl. Studenta also needed 
Chrtatmaa. Sortna. and SumIll8f for 
Amusemenl PIri' employment. Call 
(BOO) 338-3388. Ext, F-3147. (2120-31 
30) 
SECRETARY. 7-12 hours/week. 
Computer experience. Basic 
ac:countlng. billing and answering 
1eItphone. Call 481-8829. (2120-2124) 

PERSONALS 
YOGURT LOVERSI Go ID Penguln's 
Yogur1 Place (by Blockbuster) toniltlt 
betwMn 7 p.m. and 11 p.m. and 20% of 
Ihe proc •• d. wiU ben.lil your 
CommunIIy ServIce 0IfIcer Program" 
PIe_ support us and eal yogurt 
tonIgtltll (2124) 
Hey. D.GJ Friday and Saturday rocked 
our socks 011 WIIh this kind of k iSpiratIon. 
wa·r. lorec:aallng record high. for 
Anc:horIpIaahI See you ther . ... FUIs 
(2124) 
Need atudents to 1n18Nlew for 8lUdent 
production on dance. Ple .. e call 
ChrIstine aI 552-8664. (2124·2127) 
The NU ... t aoror1ty on campus would 
Ilke to thank the SIgma Nu·. for a great 
exchange last Saturday niltlt. Love. 
the L.adIu of Alpha Chi Omega. (2/ 
24) 
Math IuIorIng al your convenience I Call 
the Math Doc:tor (Tony Craddock) at 
453-7725. (1127-3112) 
Sludenls get acllvel Let the 
administration know that we will fight 
the f .. lncrease and protect our coops. 
(2124) 
Cult followers of the Princess Bride: 
when is our next reunion? (2124) 

COFFEE Ii 
OU-r 

~ 
• Danishes 
• Scones 
• Cappuccinp 

, • Gourmet Coffee 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

ti. by the fear ." you? 
~titated out of your skull? 

') Then write a letter to the editor. let-
ters hould be typed, double-spaced 
and must include a name and phone 
number. Writers will be contacted 10 
verify identity. We reserve the rightto 
edit for length and clarity. Mail your 
lenerto: 

Opinion Editor. UCSD Guardian 
9500 Gilman Drive 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92092-0316 

Or bring ilto the Guardian offices on the second floor of the Old 
Studenl Cenler. 

DO YOU HAVE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have antibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LAlOUrOlllS 

226-1733 

p. 
I LA JOLLA •• I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

COFFEE I I I 
I 
I 
I 
STO~ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 2eor 1 i I I 
~.!M ;iIlti I a" 
I '/01 ,,"lid . ';Ih allY oll.u oJJtr I 

118867 Villa La Jolla Dr. II next to Strouds I in the Ralph's Center I 
••••••••• 

PACIRC BEACH: 
1447 Gamet Ave. 

".. • 273·CVTS 
~ Aztec Center ,10_1&1191 • 
~UII t 582-GUTS OCEAN BEACH: 

4882 Newport Ave. 
CHULA VISTA: 222·3777 

,) 
• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 

Uncle Nick says ItCaffeine is brain/ood, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house." 

OPEN 7 AM· 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481·8590 
1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 

(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

'-'-'_·_--'-'---'-'-'1 

RESENT THIS 
COUPON FOR 
ONE FREE RIDE! 

E~~:ApnI1, 1992 
MUST BE 54" TAlL TO RIDE. 

---------------------_._.-._-------_._.-

GET RELIEF ... GET RESULTS ... GET HEALTHY! 
CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 

"My responsibility as your docror is to find 
and remove blockages and interference th.t 
occurs within your tixIy due 10 injury or stress. 
Since 1980, I h.ve been assisting people in 
re,chi"j and maintaining their optim.' 
he.lth. 

• Auto, Work & Sports Injuries 
• In(ants to Seniors 
• Insurance Accepted 
• Open 9am - 7pm daily Or. Ken Schlussel 

Chiropractor 

CALl TODAY FOI AFFORDABlE QUAliTY CARE 

558-3600 
NO-COST INInAl SPINAl EXAM 

AND CONSULTATION 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 

Ioated at ,-s .nd L. Joll. VIII. Drive 
acrosl from Hyatt Aventine 

_ ..... 



14 SPOllTS TbeUCSDG ...... 

UCSD Swimming Successful at PacIIIc 
Coast Conference Championships 
., ............. 
SUffMiter 

EiJhI Triton men IIId three Tri-
ton women qualified for the Divi· 
sion m NCAA 0IImpi0nIhipI at 
the PacifIC CoastConfmnteSwim-
millJ IIId Diving OIarnpionWps 
held this past weekend in Long 
Beach. 

According 10 Head Swim Coach 
Doug Boyd, both the men IIId the 
women placed fifth overall at the 
meet, bul placing was not a specific 
learn goal. "That's aboul the best we 
could do at this conference with 
everyone tapered and shaved," Boyd 
said. "Bul we were not there to 
place, we were there to swim fast 
and make our cuts." 

Swim fast is exaclly what the 
Triton swim squads did "Everyone 
mettheirexpectations. 1berewerea 
lot of first-time qualifiers," Boyd 
said. "A couple people were disap-
pointed that they did 001 qualify, but 
they till swam their lifetime best 
times," he added. 

Among the first-time qualifiers 
for the men wereGabeSpeyer, who 
placed third in the SO-yard freestyle 
with a time of21.1 seconds. Speyer 
also made his cut in the lOO-yard 
freestyle with a time of 46.6. 

Mike Pahland earned his ticket 
to Buffalo, New York next month 
with his I()().yard freestyle qualify-
ing time of 46.8. 

Pete Shim made his cuts in the 
200-yard 1M with a lime of 1:57.4, 
and in the 200-yard breaststroke, 
with a time of 2: ILL 

Also joining the men's squad at 

the NCAA Division m c:hImpion-
ships for the fU'Sl time will be Tom 
Perkin$ and Nile Szymanowski. 
"Pakins was the dark.hone of the 
meet, makin& biacut in the lOO-yard 
breaststroke," Boyd said. 

Szymanowski qualified with a 
time of 1:42.9 in the 200-yard 
fRestyle. ") didn'l qualify'" year 
so I'm reaIIyexclled aboutil H0pe-
fully I will become an All-American 
[and) place in the top eight," 
Szymanowski said. "I also hope to 
see the team win (and) take down 
Kenyon," he added. 

Among those swimmers who 
have qualified in previous years, 
Robin Perez made his cut in the I ()().. 
yard butterfly with a time of 51.2. 

Boyd said Travis Miller also had 
a great meet, swimming fast I ()().. 
and 200-yard bac1cstrokeswith times 
of 52.2 and 1:53.00, repectively. 

Chris Jaggard, also an NCAA 
returnee, made hiSCUlS in bod! breast-
stroke events. 

"Judd Glaser also wam a great 
meet even though he missed his cuts 
by a very small margin." Boyd said 
Glasser swam three lifetime be IS at 
the meet. He swam a 2 1.5 in the ~ 
yard freestyle, 47.1 in the 1000yard 
freestyle, and I :44.2 in the 200-yard 
freestyle. 

Triton women, according to 
Boyd, also wam a 101 bener than 
expected. "I ' m really pleased. 
They've been working hard and they 
should do really weU al NCAAs," 
Boyd said 

According to Boyd, two Triton 
freshmen made theircuts forthe fll'St 

time. 0wiItina GaIdos qualified in 
!be lOO-yard and 200-yard buIIer-
fly cvCIIII.aadKeUyLuskqu.Jified 

intbe~ylld~lewithatime 
of5:II.6. 

Lusk. who is excited 10 be a t-t 
oflhc women's NCAA swlm squad. 
missed herCUlin Decemberby~ 
tenIha of a second. "I knew I CiOUId 
do it, bull wasaliale nervous about 
it, " LusIt said. She dropped three 
seconds off of her lifetime best and 
is hopinl for even faster swims a 
the naIionII meet. 

"I should be able 10 swim faster 
at nationals. [ did not have a full 
rest, so I was pleased I did that 
well," Lusk said. 

Nicole Ressler also qualified for 
the first time this year with a time of 
2:12.7 in the 200-yard butterfly. 

"Jocelyn Rochbant swam a great 
meet as well," Boyd said. Rochbard 
swam three unshaved lifetime bests 
of 24.9, 53.9, and I :56.4 in the ~ 
yard, lOO-yard, and 200-yard 
freestyles. "Nationals should be a 
fast meet for her," Boyd said. 

Connie Romero and Sabrina 
Lum had fast swims in the 50(). 
yard freestyle. Both swam unshaved 
lifetime be ts of 5: I 0.00. 

Lum' s 200.yard butterfly time 
of 2:08.1 was also an unshaved, 
lifetime best. 

TIle UCSD women's diving 
team had an exceptional meet as 
well, according to Boyd. 

Its divers placed first, third. 
fourth. and fifth on the three-meter 
board, and second, third, fourth, 
and fifth on the one-meter. 

M.HOOP 
(I]' 111 ....... 11 

Wdh excellent hallie IIId IOIid 
play inIide. UCSD IIWIIpd 10 
mairain Ihe len pointedJe 1IId ... 
4I-38at.lftime. 

Santa Cruz WIIft 'I quite raIdy 10 
hand over Ihe pme 10 cady, how-
ever. 

The a-. Siup IIIIMpd 10 
~bIck imo!becontalllldeven 
moved within lilt, 52~, leu m.n 
three minuIes no Ihe period. 

The Tritons went on a sbooIio& 
spRIC, howna', • IIrOn& 0UIIide 
shooting and a touab inIide same 
helped them pull away for sood 

nME 
euc ............... l1 
ruin, be assured thai that could not 
happen here. 

None of the Division m sports 
are allowed to offer scholarships, 
not even football. If the proposed 
move 10 Division n happens, UCSD 
plans oncoruinuing ilS non-scholar-
ship status. 

In tenns of schools with football 
learns being equated with athletic 
factories instead of academic repu-
tations, that is also not true. 

Take a looIc at Stanford, UC Ber-
keley, Harvard, Dartmouth, 
Princeton, Yale, Columbia and 
ComeIJ 10 name a few. All of these 
schools have football teams and all 
of them have reputationsconcemed 
with academics first, athletics sec-
ond. [f they can do that on a much 
larger sca1e than anything we have 
planned, then why c:an'1 UCSD? 

A footbaJ.l program will benefit 
the entire intercollegiate athletic 

UCSDled.by.m.ly.19,69-
50. halfway imo the IeaIIId period. 

Evayone .. _!bethree-poinl 
shootina act, includina Rick BIa, 
whoshoc and made lhefintandonly 
1M)' 01 Ilia UCSD career, 

Baa conaibuIed 24 poinrs and 
was the pme's Ie8dina 1COI'Cf. 

UCSC IIIiIed two threc>-poiallel5 
of ill own in the fanal nine seconds 
of !be pine but il was 100 1ia1e, 100 
tare .. UCSD noIChed yes anoIher 
win. 

UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Marshall said he w. extranely 
pleased with !be Tritall' perfor-
mance this year and is confidenr as 
!be team enIerS the playoffs. 

program in addition to giving the 
sludenl body as a whole a boost in 
school spiril. 

At UC Davis, the revenue gener-
ated from football is twice that gen-
erated from any other sport. Of 
course, that money is not pure profit, 
but any influx of money will help an 
already-strapped athletic budget. 

1be only big question that re-
mains is whethcror not this campus 
would support a team. 

That is the only variable that 
can'l be accounted for right now. 
This is the variable that the studenlS 
of this university must decide. 

Unfortunately, space is limited, 
but now two major questions have 
been answered. The fee increase 
would beminimallKld the academic 
standing of this school is not at 
stake. ' 

So now the question UCSD stu-
dents have to decide forthernselves 
is not "UCSD football? How?" It's 
"UCSD football? How soon?" 

DINING;· & DOMINO·S PIZZA 
ARE DELIVERING A GREAT DEALI 

•••••••••••••••••••• 
l \ LI \ II I I- I> I> I· \ I.; 

UNLIMITED 
TOPPING PIZZA 

$999 f$139~lu, 
lax 

One Medium I Two Mediurm 
Delivery or arryout. No coupon 
required. JUST ASK! 

II CALL US! 452·UCSD HoI • • hd WIth . ny "'hoi oft • • L~ ~ .... to on. u .. . olo dr .. ong. OUr d""ert carry .... th.n m .oo. No ",beICuI;"". ec_ 3/8182. 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

"-II.I .1- I{ J) I- \ I ~ 
LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! 

2 MEDIUM PIZZAS 
WITH 2 TOPPINGS & A 

SIX·PACK OF COKE 
$1299r~s 

Two Medium ORIGINAL cheese pizzas 
with two toppings and a 6-pack of Coke 
for ONLY $12.99. No coupon required. 
Delivery or Canyout. JUST ASK! 
Good afler 9:00 p.m. only. • 
CALL USI451·UCSD • . 
HoI_ """'" __ • L"'-
~ _1o_ .... *"iIg. • 
Our ..... oony __ 120.00. No • • 
--.. ExpO .. ~tlll!. 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

Her.'s how It worksl 
1. Gel your UCSD i.d. card 
and your account number 
ready (your acc!. # is your 
social security number). 

2. Call Domino's Pizza 
at 452-UCSD. Tell 
them you'd like 
to order your 
pizza on 
Dining Plus. 

3. YO~1f account 
will be verified and 
your pizza will be 
delivered 10 you 
within 30 minutes 
from the lime you 
ordered. 

4 . Show the driver your 
vaJid UCSD photo i.d. 
card to receive your pizza. 
(NOTE: Dining Plus rrem-
ber whose account is being 
charged must be present.) 

5. The 10% Dining Plus 
discount does not apply to 
pizza purchases. Any ques-
tions should be directed to !he 
Dining Plus 0tT1Ce. 

CAlL US! 
4S2·UCSD 
OPEN FOR LUNCH 

DlNING!-
For more infonnation on 
Dining Plus call 534-PLUS. 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 

2 LARGE 
1 TOPPING PIZZAS 

$1499~UI 
Two Large ORIGlNAL cheese pizzas 
with one topping each for ONLY $14.99. 
Additional toppings $1.35 each per pizza.: 
Delivery or CanyOUl No coupon • 
required. JUST ASK! • : 
CALL USI451·UCSD •• 
HoI VIIIid willi .., .... aftot. linIIId • 
doIwoy _10 __ .... dnring. • 
Our ..... -.y _ -. SIO.oo: No ••• 
_ . &pno3lISIW. 
• •••••••••••••••••••• 

\H)'\I \ ...,\\ 1'\(, ()IIII<' 

LARGE 
MEAL DEAL 

$1275 r: 
Large two topping ORIGINAL pizza 
and two Cokes for ONLY $12.75. 

• 
• 
• 

• Denvery I)r CanyOUI. Coupon required. 
• Mention wbeo ordering. 
• 
• 
• CALL USI45l-VCSD 
• HoI __ .., ........ ~ 

• ~:c-:.,-;==- ... 
• =.".I .. Eltjriee .... 
• •••••••••••••••••••• 

Moaday, Febnwy l4, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Volleyball Has Trouble on the Road 
• Despite strong outings 
against top 10 teams, 
Tritons are unable to 
handle UC Santa Cruz 
and Menlo College 
By KIraUn ....".... 
SUffWrlter 

All the progress thallhe UCSD's 
men's volleyball leam made against 
Division [ learns fell apan againsl 
the Division m squads. On Friday 
night, the Tritons lost to UC Santa 
Cruz in four games, 15-12, 10-15, 
15-8, 15-10. 

On Saturday night, Menlo Col-
lege downed UCSD in five, J 5-12, 
9-15,14-16,17-15, 15-8. 

"Although the games were high-
scoring, neither leam played well," 
said UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde 
of the Menlo game. 

'* IotI;()owe&IGuwIUI 
Nate Brown felt at home in Santa Cruz, but the Slugs downed UCSD. 

Game five was fasl scoring and 
was over quickly. 

Bruce Williams was a standout 
for the Trilons over the weekend. 
"Bruce is really consistent and he 
sustains that level of play whether 
the learn plays well or nol," Wilde 
said. 

Currenlly, Williams is ranked 
twelfth in the nation for hitting per-
centages, with a .346 average. 

Playing in his homctownofSanla 
Cruz on Friday, Nate Brown also 

BASEBALL 
euo ... iii6d flam ..... 16 
enced Kun Luhrsen to take the 
mound, and he promptly fanned the 
fmal batter, collecting his first save 
of the afternoon. 

UCSD stroked seven bilS in the 
firsl game, inc:luding two from 
Cataldo. The senior )ea(k)ff hitter 
was the only Triton with more than 
one hil 

The Tritons picked up seven hits 
in game two as wen. but costly 
Eagle mistakes allowed the Tritons 
to capitalize for a 7·3 shellack.ing. 

UCSD was down 3~going into 
the boaomofthe fourth inning, when 

contributed to the offensive effort of 
the Tritons. 

Lamson Lam received a back 
injury in practic:eand Wilde had him 
stay home to recuperate. 

Wilde said, "Withoul Lamson in 
the lineup, the chemistry wasn ' t 
there." 

Along with the loss of Lam for 
the weekend, Wilde felt the losses 
also might be attributed to the team's 
not mentally preparing to play Divi-
sion m schools. 

Biola pitcher Eric PoUom lost his 
groove. The hefty 6-5 hurler walked 
Rex and was touched by a Dirksen 
base bit withoneouL PolIom walked 
three more Triton batters before 
centerfieldcrGaly WamerwascaJJed 
to the mound. 

Wamcrrespondcd by tossing two 
wild pitches, both scoring Triton 
baerunners. After another base on 
balls was issued, David Blum 
grounded sharply into a double play, 
'killing the Triton rally. 

UCSD finished the inning with 
four runs on one hit, five walks, and 
two wild pitches. 

Steve Wrenn and Dirksen led the 
offensive snack with two hilS apiece 

ACHIEVE YOUR BEST 
As AN 

ACTUARY 
On .. Campus Interviews 

Wednesday, March 4,1992 

Get a great start in a rapidly growing profession with one 
of the leaders in the financial services industry -
Traruamerica life Companies. 
We offer Actuarial Students numerous opportunities to 
move throughout the company. Our intensive training 
teaChes you to develop, price, market and report the 
Anancial results of a variety of products in a profit-
motivated environment. 
We win be interviewing for these exciting programs: 

Summer Internship 
Scholanbip Program 

Examination Fee Reimbursements 
Sign up at the Career Placement Office today. 

, ThANSAMERICA I . LIFE COMPANlES 
WORKING TOGETHER IS THE &:ST POUCY 

We .,Cllimy support equal opportUnIty and affirmative action. 
Women and mlnoribel are ~y mcoungt!d to apply. 

"n.c has allnOltc-f= workplace." 

[n discussing the level of play in 
the games over the weekend, the 
Tritons decided to focus on playing 
hard all the time and not lelling 
down against weaker learns. 

The Tritons take on the San Oi-
ego State Aztecs lomorrow night at 
7:30 at SDSU. 

According to Wilde, UCSO's 
game plan is to wort Lam back into 
the offense in practice on Monday 
and be able to side-out more con is-
tently. 

as the Tritons added three more 
runs in the eighth inning. 

Denny Kubinski got the starting 
call for UCSD and threw five and 
two-thirds innings, allowing three 
runs. 

Kubinski got the victory, while 
Luhrsen came in to fmish the game 
and pull down his second save in as 
many tries. 

YaleS was especially impressed 
with the pitching effort over the 
four gImeS. "Our pitching really 
went above and beyond," YaleS 
said. He cited the stress of back-to-
back doubleheaders on his rowion, 
and said he was pleased to walk 
away with four victories. 

The Cle .. SOlation 
10 I_mnla 

fPspuDr COIN WASH 
Comer of Grand & Lamont 

P acltic Beach 
OPEN 24 HOURS 
CIoeed Sunde". unlil miclnoght 

HOT GIANT DRYERS 

Bean Futons 
lags 4 

$17'5:, Less 
I ~ I H~~ PRICES fuk,ns at 
.~~ ~: ~ \ IUIIIIII ...... 

, A' .... 

FIiIII for las 
TIle ...... 
8266 MlrMnal' Rd . 

578-5745 

w. TENNIS 
ContInued from Pa&e 16 
could not play because of a sore 
elbow. LaPlante pointed 10 the loss 
of Vim and how it affected the Tri-
tons' ladder as one reason for the 
loss to the Sagehens. 

Diane Chandler, the Triton ' 
numberfourplayeronFriday, fell to 
Tricia Corrao 7-6, 6-2. 

UCSD's number five player. 
Michelle Wilbur, couldn' t handle 
Debbie Boger as she lost 6-2, 6-3. 

Birdie Gessford, the freshman 
who moved into the lineup when 
Vim was forced 10 pull out. won her 
match at number six singles over 
Amy Bunon in commanding fash-
ion, 6-2, 6-2. 

In the doubles, the Tritons' num-
ber one team of lnaba and Nicole 
House had trouble with the hard 
serving of Pomona's Keeler and 
Hendrick in their 6-3, 6-3 loss. 

SPOR.TS 15 

Chandler and Lynch, UCSD'!, 
number two team, dropped their 
match in three sets 10 Pierce ami 
Bunon, 2-6. 6-3, 6-2. 

"We kind of let up after winning 
the first set. We couldn 't get the 
momentum back." LaPlante aid 
about Lynch and Chandler's match. 

TIle only doubles team that won 
for the Tritons was one that had 
never played together prior to 
Friday 's match. UCSO's number 
three combinaton of Wilbur and 
Nicolas downed Pomona's Bog r 
and COfrdll in traight sets 6-4. 6-3. 

Saturday's match was a cake 
walk for the Tritons as they shut out 
Oaremont 9-0. 

Gessford repeated her slroll'; 
play.thistimeatnumberfivesingle . 
witha6- I,6-0routofTricia Weaver. 

"She's an experienced toum.!-
ment player. She has good strokes 
and tons of potential," LaPlante said 
of Gessford after the weekend. 

•... _ .. _ .. __ .. __ ._._ .. 
• k • : Buy one Coo ie : 
; get the 2nd one ; 

! FREE! i 
• • • With this coupon. Not valid wi;' any ohr offer. Specialty Cociies not incuded. • 

UCSD students, faculty and staff always 
get 10% off cookies (with valid I.D.) 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
Man-lhun & Sunday. lOam • 9pm 

Fri-Sat ... lOam·11 pm 
STUDY GROUPS WELCOMEDI 

, 

8935 Towne Centre Dr. 
453-8656 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

· withUCSO 10 

RB RICHARD E.BARSAN , DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of 45ft R565 Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery ~ 470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212 , La Jolla 
The "Sun" is always shining at 

~ HolidayCt. Trim & Tan CQ1l4!.5.10!i'O!i.~1 
(nearUCSO) 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 
°FI"t l ime c11~nls dhly with thl. coupon. 

30 TAN DAYS $29 ~~~ Call for details· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
LON 6" GwnntMCl! 
European Body Wra~nly $48 
Not a !temporary waler loss ' Redu<:e celluhte and stretch mar1<s 

ri--------j 
I FREE \e I 
I s 4 ~ 'ACCELERATOR I l!~III!!!~~~~jL _ ~I~,:,:: ~~9t2~2 



16SPOlU'S 

OVER 
TIME 

For the Price of a 
Big Mac and Fries 

T 110 E OF us IIERE AT TRITON Football Central have been overwhelmed by the 
outpouring of support we've 
witnessed since our last Triton 
F tball Central Update. We are 
proud to announce the formation 
of a committee to help bring 
football 10 thi~ campus. It's called 
TOUCHDOWN, and all of you 
out there in re<lder-Iand who 
would like to M:e a team ut UCSD, 
come n down to the Guardial1 
om e and leave your name arld 
number. It 's f~t, it's easy und it's 
[ra! I f you get here soon, you can 
even be on the Executive Board. 

We here at Triton Football 
Central have worked on a plan to 
help TOUCHDOWN bring 

~ tbull to campus. 
Obviou\ly, the biggest ob~tacle 

is the monetary hurdle. That i~ a 
very real problem, but we think 
we have found a way around it. 

Unfonunmely, that lution i 
in the form of the two dinie~t 
wonls in the English language: fee 
increase. Whoa! Hold on there! 
Before you throw down the paper 
am.l hang the regent in effigy, 
lUke a Riwlin :lIld keep on reading. 
1115 FLE IN REASE would amount to 

T no more than five dollars, more likely three dollars. per 
quarter. That' s it. lllree dollars is 

le~~ than two six-pack!. of Coke or 
two Big Macs. You can't eat 
lunch at Muir or Revelle for three 
bucks. For three dollars you will 
be receiving a full-service foolball 
team that will provide you with a 
I t more entenainment than what 
you would receive paying seven 
bucks to go see one movie by 
yourself. 

But the most important part is 
that this is not a mandatory 
increase imposed on the students. 
Thi increase would be voted on 
duri ng a special election so that 
the students themselves could 
decide whether or not they want a 
team. 

Student fees would not account 
for the complete team funding, but 
would be supplemented by ticket 
sales and other ources. Student 
ticket rate would be arourld three 
dollars per game with others 
priced between four and six 
dollars a head. 
HE n tREE OOLLA R per quarter 

T increase in fees is not a random number. UC Santa 
Barbara was a Division 0 football 
school that also charged its 
students a three-dollar-per-quaner 
fee to maintain its football 
program. If three dollars was 
enough to support a Division II 
• it would also uffice to tart 
up a Division III team which 
requires Ie s in term of total 
funding. 

Toa.llay the fears of many on this 
campus who might equate football 
with big-time athletics and academic 

See nME, Page 14 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Squashes Slugs, 9084 
• Men's basketball finishes up 
regular season with record-
breaking 17th consecutive win 
By Ken PefIIun 
Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's basketball team i liv-
ing proof that people shouldn 't make predic-
tions. 

At the beginning of the 1992 season. no 
one would have predicted that the Tritons 
could finish the season 22-4. or r.lrlked third 
nationally in Division m. 

At the beginntng of the 1992 sea.<.<>n. no 
one would have predicted that UCSD would 
run off 17 consecuti ve wins. the longest 
streak in the team' history. 

Not a bad way to beaa the odds. 
Saturday's reguiarseason-ending contesl 

proved 10 be a little closer than anyone might 
have predicted, however. 

Both teams came OUI evenly arld neither 
looked ready 10 take control of the game. 

Santa Cruz' Ray Wilson looked to put 
the Banana Slugs ahead early as he nailed a 
three- pointerlo give UCSC its fi rst and only 
lead of the game, 18-16. 

UCSD Head Coach Tom Marshall knew 
ju t how to counter - with Erik Johnson. 

Midway through the fi rst half, Johnson 
entered the conte t and ran off 14 consecu-
tive point ·. 12 or them coming off of three 
consecutive three-pointers. 

Johnson went on to post 21 point for the 
evening. 

Before SantaCntzeven had time to figure 
out what was going n. the Triton. had a 
solid 33-23 lead. 

Monday, February 24,1992 

But with Saturday night's 90- 4 win over 
UC Santa Cruz. the Tritons fini hed up a 
!.eason whi h was more than anyone could 
have foreseen and eamed themselves a sec-
ond consecutive NCAA tournament berth. See M. HOOP, Page 14 Rodney Lusain fights for the loose ball against UCSC 

Tritons Tamish Regals' Crown, 8~2 1 1-1 ~end 
• Women's hoop ~ For TennIS 
W ill sixth slTaight By Chris R.,...1er 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD women's bas-
ketball team turned up the heat 
Saturday night on their way to 
an 85-62 victory over host Cal 
Luthemn. The win was the red-
hot Tritons' sixth victory in a 
row and upped their record on 
the sea n to 15-8. 

The game didn 't start out a 
rout for UCSD as they were 
only able to maintain a slim 
23-2 1 lead through the tirslten 
minutes of the conte 1. That's 
when Head Coach Judy 
Malone took out her pressure 
defense and the Regals were 
cooked. By halftime the score 
toad at 4 1-28, and the game 

was over. 

"We brought out the full -
coun pressure just to try some-
th ing new. But when it taned 
working, we were able to re-
ally run our tr.lrl ilion game 
effectively. and they ju t 
couldn ' t keep up with it," 
Malone said. 

The Triton also relied on 
their outside shooting ability 
to pull them through. Despite 
leading the team with 14point , 

Cari Young paced the Tritons with 14 points in their s ixth straight win, 
Cali Young was not as effective as 
she could have been. "They were 
really collapsing inside hard and that 
hut down [ Young) arld Lisa [Bea-

ver]. So we just started popping it 
back outside. and our wings hit their 
hots," Malone explained. 

In addition to Young 'soutput, the 
Tritons had three other players in 
double figures with Molly Jonnum' s 
12 points, Beaver's 10, and Tami 
Oviatt ' 10. 

Due to the high-tempo game, 
Malone kept her bench in the game. 

"I was impressed wilh ttJe play 
of our bench especially since we 
we.re always rotating them in 
arid out because we were press-
ing." Malone said. 

Defensively for the Tritons, 
Young led the t.eam in rebounds, 
pulling down 15, despite play-
ing only 24 minutes. 

5-4 off-guard Tricia Stilwell 
was second on the team with 10 
boards. "She was playing the 
weak side and just kept getting 
all of the boards for that side." 

Associate Sports Editor 
Split was the word for the UCSD 

women's tennis team this weekend. 
On Friday, the Tritons battled Divi-
sion UI powerhouse Pomona-Pitzer 
- and carne up a little ·hol1. The 
nextmoming,theTriton rebounded 
to crush Claremont. 

Friday' match was a grueling 
five-and-a-half-hou r contest in 
which the Tritons fell behind early 
and were never able to recover, los-
ing to the Sagehens 6-3. 

Robyn lnaba, UCSD's number 
one singles player, dropped her 
match in straight sets to Shelley 
Keeler, 6-3, 6-2. 

Carla Nicolas, the Tritons' num-
ber two singles player, fared better 
than lnaba. She won her match in a 
three-and-a-half-hour marathon 
over Erin Hendrick. 6-7, 6-3, 7-5. 

UCSD Head Coach Liz LaPlante 
praised Nicolas after her maach. "She 
always has the longest matches. 
She's so mentally tough that it al-
ways pulls her through," LaPlante 
said 

The Tritons' number three 
singles player. Amanda l ynch.lost 
to Brenda Pierce 6-7, 6-2, 6-3. 

Lynch normally plays nwnber 
four singles. but was bumped up 10 
number three when Catherine Yim 

See W. TENNIS, Page 15 

Baseball Grabs Four More Wins in Doubleheaders 
• Tritons off to best start 
ever as they go 6-0 with 
four wins this weekend 
By Ben £III" 
Staff Writer 

After being forced to sit out six 
consecutive rain-outs, the Triton 
hardballers swept back-ta-back 
doubleheaders against Christ Col-
lege oflrvine on Friday and Biola 
University on Saturday. 

The baseball club was victori-
ous in anfour g~layed within 
the 3O-hour lime span, improving 
its record to an unprecedented 6-0, 
the best stan in Triton baseba.l1 
history. 

UCSD edged out Christ Col-
lege of Irvine in game one by a 1-0 
score and followed with a decisive 

5-1 triumph. On Saturday. the Tri- Cataldo across the plate. 
tons rolled over Biola University by Isola picked up two hits in three 
scores of 5-4 and 7-3. triesanddrovehometheonlyUCSD 

Senior ace Brent Hansen staned 
Friday afternoon on the mound, sti-
fling hi adversaries for six innings 
withfivestrike-outs. Hansen picked 
up the nail-biting victory, needing 
only the one run provided by his 
team. 

Bryan Thomason took the mound 
in the seventh inning to close out the 
game arldpick up his first save of 
season. 

The lone Triton run came in the 
sillth inning. Shortstop Guy CaIaldo 
led off the inning with a single to 
centerfield, and was sacrificed to 
second by David Blum. 
Centerfielder Ernie Isola ripped a 
base mtlo left centerfield, bringing 

run. 

Head Coach Lyle Yates Bltrib-
uted the low scoring effort to the 
twa-week layoff. "We were liter-
ally practicing in the parlting lot," 
remarXedYatcs. "ComingoffalWO-
week Iay-off. our g;arne manage-
ment skills tend to disappear." 

In the last end of the twin bill. the 
Trilons triwnphcd 5-1 generating 

of their runs in t~t inning . 
Dave Rex. Dave lubs. CaIaldo, and 
Isola led the way offensively, con-
necting for two hits apiece. 

Catcher Dominic Dirksen con-
tributed with a double and two runs-
balted-in. 

Junior Ryan Aanagan baffled 

Christ College of Irvine all after-
noon, allowing itsclubbers only one 
run through eighl innings of work. 
The southpaw slinger struck out five 
en route to his second victory of lhe 
year. 

One day Ialer. the Triton ballclub 
played both host and spoiler to lhe 
EaglesofBioiaUniversity. The bats-
mcnescapcd asevendl-inning Biola 
threat in game one, to cement a 5-4 
victo!)'. 

Senior righthander Bryao 
Thomason tossed six strong iMina' 
before leaving in the seventh inning 
with the tying run 81 the plate. 

FresIman Steve Height lot two 
EaiJc batters to ground out.. both 
driving home mns on fielder's 
choices. Yares opIed for the experi-

See IIAIIIIAU., Pee 15 



SPECTACLE Sl 

Espresso Yourself 
If you're aesperately seeking shmoozin' ... 

BY JOHN RICE, STAff WRITER 

Visitinl Espresso Rcma, Ihc coffeehouse in the Price Center, one sunny afternoon, ) ur pondering the . di1enuna of dftIe bIIIdt birds, each with. mangled 
fool from some previous cntrapmcnII. who flitted 

--------------------------------------Arena 
What has caffeine done for you? 

Photographer. Sue Mapes 

--------------------------------------

Absolutely nothing! 

It has allowed me to maximize my 
time by allowing me to stay awake to 
study fOr a week and then crash just 
befOre my midtcnns. 

Jon-Paul Griffin 
RcvdIe, Junior 

Micbad Jaoobson 
AMES, Graduate 

Stress Lcvd: Off the scale 

It a1!ows me: to stay awake: while: 
rc:ading the: G_rtlill". 

Nothing ... why do you ask ... it hasn't 
made me: ne:rvous or e:xcite:d or ... 

Well, I tend to limit mysclfto haifa 
cup of catmne: a day because otherwise 
r shake: uncontrollably throughout the: 
day. 

NinaTumcr 
Warren, Senior 

Stress Lcvd: None 

Amy Jamar 
&vdlc, Sophomore 

Stress Ievd: Me ItI"aIi 
That's a joke. 

r love it - I basically live on it. 
TanyaWaIsb 

Third, ScnioI' 
SIraa I.cwI: Middle 

abouIlhc shop's interior. 
How had these animals of porentiaI flighl 

been snared in this glas and concrete 
cage? My anention lurned 10 the 
paIrOnS and similar thoughts came 10 
mind. 
Of a111hc places on campus 10 sit 
and escape from the demands of 

~ia. why were they here? ) 
decided 10 ask them. 

") love the smell, il just 
smells so good," one sludent 
was quick to respond. 

Yes, the olfactory sense was 
certainly well<ntertained -
scents of brewing coffee and 
baked goods baking filled the 
room. 

"II's a good place 10 go to 
get oul of the library," another 
offered. 

Of course - anyone would 
be quick 10 trade the smell qf 
moldy volumes for those of a 

coffeehouse. 
"I like 10 tell people to meet me here. Everyone 

knows where il is, so it's easy," a socially-inclined 
academic confided. 

"Well, this place is closer 10 my classes." 
Location. location. localion! 

"The tables at the Grove are too small to study 
on." explained a student with her books spread out 
in front of her. 

"II's inside, much wanner on a cold day and 
weN-lit at night." Although these words were 
spoken on a bright and sunny day, their practical-
ity had some resonance for me; every patron 
seemed 10 have a reasonable explanation for their 
choice. 

Then I remembered the boycotl. I had heard 
that in an effort to support the studenl-lUn co-ops, 
a call to cease patronage of the Price Center had 
been made. Did Roma's clients know oflhis plea; 
and how did it affect their choice? 

"I didn't know about it." 
"Yeah, but I don't know,l mean ..... one 

eloquently avoided incrimioalion. 
"Sure, I know about it, bull can't go out of my 

way. This place is closer and the atmosphere is 
really nice," a frequenl Roma patron explained. 
"And this is the nicesl place in the Price Center," 
he 8dded. 

"Actually, this is a Iasl resort for me. I've 
really cUI back on my use of the Price Center," a 
woman anxious to remain incognito behind a 
newspaper enlnlsted. 

A final question, and apparently the most 
crucial, remained. How's the coffcc? 

"II's good. I've had better, bul iI'S good." 
"House and lanes are good, hol chocolate, 

too." 
"I like il" 
"Pretty good, for a school operation. .. 
With this chorus of moderate praise I came 10 

sec my fellow students in a new light They were 
noc like those bewildered black birds, but peopIc 
who had made a choice for reasons which were 
quite sound 10 them. 

Many were members of the greek system and 
enjoyed Ihc familiarity of being with ochers just 
like themselves. Some merely wanIed a cup of 
coffee. Yuban or Sanka might have done just fme, 
so the coffee at Roma was • treaL 

One paaron explained thai goina 10 the Grove 
was more of a poIilical SIaIemenI: ".Iittle more 
left, you know." Whereas she ass&nd me thai 
having a drink at Espresso Roma didn't mean 
UI)'thin&. it was just fun - no politics involved ar 
ail 

Ifcb beeler, 

• 

Get into the Grove 
The coffeehouse for the non--material world 

One can be at UCSD for almost four years and never have been 10 the Grove Caff~. Maybe it's because the metaphor that describes coffee as gasoline turns 
them off. People don't neglect the Grove because of a 
closed mind, bul because of a closed palate. But go there 
early in the morning, have your first taste of coffee and 
participate in ''The Grove Experience." 

The first thing one notices is that the Grove is a very 
"natural" place. Trees surround the outer decks. Lots of 
trees. Lots of kinds of trees. 11Iere are even trees growing 
out of holes in the planks. The other colors in the Grove 
match the trees. Browns, blac.ks, tans and grays all suggest 
a certain earthiness. The only bright colors came from the 
people's clothes and the flowers on the tables. 

Everything in the Grove seems to have a place, but 
nothing seems rigidly ordered. The arrangement of the 
tables and the conslrUCtion of the benches compliment a 
relaxed envirorunenl Even the erta/ll yellow fire hydrant 
on the upper deck is appropriate in an art deeo sort of way. 
lbe attitudes of the customers and the employees reflecl 
their surroundings - everybody is very infonnal. You 
don't notice a single person who seems overly stressed 
about school or work. 

When asked what they like aboul the Grove, people 
express similar feelings: 

"I like the Grove because of the environment. There are 
lots of trees around. It is peaceful, quiet and relaxed." 

"I come here for the coffee and the envirorunent. It's 
nice and calm and when the weather is good. It's a pleasanl 
place to sil outdoors." 

"I like the wooden deck - and the trees. It's very nice." 
'''The bottom deck is better because there are more trc:es 

down here." 

AIM' FOR 
SUCCESS 
PREP CLASS START DATES: 

GRE: FEB,24 
APRIL 27 

LSAT: MAY 4 

GMAT: MAY 11 

MeAT: JULY 6 

(619)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

BY MARK LUBEll , CONTR IBUTI N G WRITE R 

People also come here because it provides refuge from 
the cement and plaster of the rest of the campus. 1l1ere i a 
certain sense of history that sets the Grove apart. When one 
looks at how the decks and benches were built, one sees 
signs of human imperfection. Bent nails and uneven boards 
provide evidence of the Grove's humanity. The hollow 
sound of shoes on the wooden deck are a stark contrast to 
the hurried, grating sounds of the out ide world. 

Patrons here value the uniqueness: 
"You don't come here 

because of the food or 
coffee. You come 
because iI's 
relaxing and 
peaceful. It's 
a unique 
place away 
from the 
corporation." 

hit's one of 
the few places on 
campus where you can 
sit down and feel like 
you are separate from -
school and ac*",ic life. 
All those pressures fade 
into the environment." 

"It's bener than the Price 
Center, which I abhor. I feel 
bener spending money here 
because it goes to the A.S." 

"I come here to hang out 
and talk. 10 my friends. It's not 

as tressful as the library and it's not the Price Center." 
Whether it's a place to read, sip coffee or simply 

hmooze, the Grove Caff~ offers a friendly and relaxing 
atmosphere to just gel away from ties and fonnalities -
and indulge in the beauly of nature. 

for two adults aboard the 
luxury ocean liner, H.V. 
radftc st. from San 
Diego, calif, to Mexico, 
along with 4 days and j 
Digbts ocean view hotel 
accommodations at the Hotel raraiso Las 
_"~,.A Faimas while in Ensenada, Mexico, 

* Convenient port departure 6 times weekly, every week of year. 
* TIckets valid for I year from date of purchase, transferable, 
* $529 retail value. * DRmKnG AGE 18., MEXICO, 

O~DE~ HOWl 
OnlY 50 Mils fIaIltd PIr ea ..... Maka fI Chat Wftktnd TrIpi 

WE'L.L. MAKE SURE You MAKE IT 
• 



Stuffy/Runny Nose? 
We are currently evaluating new allergy medications lOr 

sneezing, post-nasal drip, stuffy/runny nose 
and itchy nose/eyes. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers. ages 6 -60. are needed to evaluate new 

medications for wheezing. coughing, and chest 
tightness. Patients need to be taking asthma 

medications regularly and have no other malor 
health problems. Qualified participants will be 

paid lOr their participation. 

for more det.lls ul1192-1 144 
and uk for Bart. 

Allergy & Asthma Medical Group 
& Research Center, A.P.C. 

3444 KEARNY VILLA ROAD, SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92123 

r 
----.;=;.....--

Our writer descends into the seventh ring of coffeehouse hell 
BY JOHN RICE , $TA FF WRITER 

Consumed with the fear of a Friday night spent alone 
in my little apartment. it takes all the energy I can muster 
10 flip though a nearby newspaper. "Let's meet III Soho," 
the caption of a simple little ad for a nearby coffeehouse 
beckons. This sounds like a nice way to spend this 
fateful evening. sipping a hot beverage amongst interest-
ing people. and I'm sure to run into someone I know. 
With a renewed sense of purpose I get ready and head 
off for an evening of public solitude. 

So, I'm sining in Soho. Alone. The place is packed-
I feel the coIlec:t.ive stare of the massive congregation 
follOW me as I push my way to the counter. When I order 
my tea the person helping me stops in his tracks. "A 
what?" he demands. After 

Intrigued by the rituals of this bean cult, my rumina-
tions reach a quixotic apex. I search for something 
familiar. someone I can relate to. And there in the comer, 
involved in a game of Rummy, her lipstick-stained mug 
close at hand, I spot an old friend. I approach her, hoping 
that she might help explain this strange and wonderful 
spectacle. 

1 seize her as she sips her Alice-in-Wonderland-sized 
cup of cafe mocha. 

"Hey. S'up?" I inquire. 
"Hey. Not much. WhaI's going on7" she replies. 
"Nothing ... so, ah, whal are you doing might?" 
"You know, hanging out. Going to. couple caf6i. 

There's a pany later tonight" 
repeating my order he almost 
grudgingly prepares my 
drink. I tum to find a small 
pace where I may quietly sit 

and I realize that I'm 
surrounded by devoted 
coffee worshippers who are 
all here to get the fix, the 

She will be Virgil, and I Dante, as she 
leads me through this inferno of mugs 

=:oo.ngn by caffeine rires. 

I have found my guide; she 
will be able to son dvouah the 
night world of coffeehouse 
culture. She will be Virgil, and I 
Dante, as she leads me through 
this inferno of mugs stained by 
caffeine rings, I carefully 
formulate my next move, praying 

rush, the twelve-ounce-dark brown-cream-and-sugar-
tempered high. And I am alone. 

111e bitter smell of coffee mingles with the scent of 
Patchouli, while the contrived conversations reverbenue 
off the metal tables and death-obsessed objets d' art. I am 
a stranger in a strange land, a tea drinker in a coffee 
jockey's arena. I notice a lot of hats. Everyone is wearing 
a haL I this somehow relaled to caffeine consumption, 
like retaining body heat'! Eighty percent of caffeine loss 
occurs through the head, you know. 

What draws them all here? A quick look at the 
patron • fashion. or rather counter-fashion. ensembles 
indicate the time and effort, the care and seriousness an 
evening at Soho requires. These people made plans to be 
here, the space under today's date on their calendars is 
embellished with the imperative "Soho tonight" They'll 
pend their tenure here gossiping, philosophizing, 

speculating, discussing, veJbally interacting, interfacing, 
connecting, but most importantly drinking. And it is the 
Colombian nectar that will keep them going - playing 
cards, flipping through newspapers, artfully arranging 
their vice's accessories (the cup, the spoon. the little half-
and-half containers) to keep their shaking hands busy. 
And till I remain alone, sipping an herbal tea while 
caffeine's effect becomes audible at the crowded tables 
around me. 

thai she will allow me to join her coffeehouse expedition. 
"So, ah, what if 1 hang out with you for a whi.le?" 
"'focal1y," she graciously accepts. 
We soon leave Soho. "Let's head downtown," my 

companion says as she slips into her black mantle. We 
drive through glistening streets, descending from 
Hillcrest into the belly of the city. Our first stop is a 
newly opened establislunent. the Insomniac. The 
entrance is tucked away next to Croce's, a jazz club at 
the center of downtown's burgeoning night life district. 
We pass through an old wooden frame doorway and 
climb red carpeted stairs into whal first appears to be an 
art gallery, But an unassuming service counter in the 
corner quickly corrects that first impression. The four 
rooms dotted with canvases and sculptures are this cafe's 
seating areas. 

An ordinary coffeehouse this is not. Not only does the 
menu offer such rarities as hot white chocolate and 
special tea blends, but it is also San Diego's only 
stationary Smart Bar. Here the patrons come not for a 
caffeine buzz. but an amino acid. neuroreceptor-
cleansing, energy and IQ-bumping high. Smart drinks, 
such as Pelvic Pop, Cerebral Slush, and Synapse Sangria 
promise to "nourish brain celis ... and improve thought 
processes and memory." 

"This place just opened up," my guide confides to 

Artists tbat listen. 

GOT AN OPINION? 
Wrile a Idler 10 !he cdilO<. Leaers IIIauId be 

Iyped. dout!k.spoced. Iftd ,...., iMIlItK I _ 
ond I phone number: thooe wiihoul "il/ _ be 

pnnml. Brina your kucr 10 !he o...-m.n 
offictS or mail il 10 !he opinion ediklr. 9~ 
Gil""", Dr. 03161.1 JoIl ... CA 92O'l2~316. 

Before your next bair appointment think . 
about these questions ... 
Q. 
Q. 

Q. 

1I1ml is .1'111/1' hail' (/()illg 
IhClI IV 11/ 1/'(/1/1 illll 
(ul/lilll/C' e/(lin.~ , 
II hal is I'll/II' h(lil' 
e/uing Ili{/ll VI I/ tllIlI 'l 
/1 '(//1/ II III /Jf.' dllill.~ , 

1I' little/I 'flllli!.>(' S(lII/C'-
Illfllg /;('/1' (///(1 e/tI./<·/'('III .' 

Look your best ever. 
We have 

"Artists tbat Listen. " 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
$4.00 OFF 55.00 OFF (Reg.S21.00) (Reg.$26.00) 

'me. "It's not a scene yet, but that means that we can 
shape it into whalever we want." Insomniac has plenty of 
potential. It has a stage where a small band could 
~effectively jam. Yet even without a scheduled perfor-
mance the place is filled with music; the jazz improvisa-

: lions happening downstairs at Croce's seep up through 
the wooden floors. offering fine. free entenainmenl. 

"Time to go." I'm dragged out into the clamor of 
street life. We begin a trek through the darkened city. We 
are on our way to the falher of downtown coffeehouse 
culture - JaVL 

In high school I spent • lot of time here at 9th and G. 
In tbose days you were instantly judged as you passed 
through the door by the shoes on your feet and the shade 
of the rainbow your hair was colored. Going to Java 
now. however. is like visiting an uncle who used to be a 
punk rocker but found respectable wort. as a computer 
analyst. Gone are the desperately insecure teenagers 
clinging to their espressos with black nail polish-
accented claws. Gone are the elitist glares of the 
"Hiparati" who created the scene, only to deem it pasSI! 
as they darted off to start another scene elsewhere. 
Instead there resides a pleasant mix oflocal - profes-
sionals and artists, students and laborers, more mature 
and mellowed by the passing of the eighties. 

I order a tea while my friend chooses to savor the 

1be energy level here is not only a product of the rich 
and varied coffee selection but also of the thumping 
techno-beat that fills the air. Conversations are made at 
dance-club-yell-level. "Oh, a friend of my ex-girlfriend 
made the tables. He also designed the light fixtures," one 
of the In Crowd hollers, indicating the unique chapped 
green tabletops and descending copper stalactite lamps. 
"I went to kindergarten with the owner!" another Lulu 
local bellows. "I am very important to the existence of 
this scene - if it wasn't for me the whole thing would 
collapse." everyone seems to be screaming in unison. 

Knowing our own meager imponance, we down our 
drinks in sync with the unending beat and leave. 
Holding our chins high we make our way past the 
tanned men with their slicked-back hair and the "blond" 
women wearing daisy print boustiers and volumes of 
Big Star denim. 

We decide to head north. "La lolls has become a 
coffee mecca," I am told. 

111e natural starting point for this leg of the journey is 
the granddaddy of San Diego coffeehouses, the 
Pannikin. "'The coffee's the best!" In fact, mWly other 
establishments in San Diego feature Pannikin coffees, 
but I realize it's nol just for the quality of beverage, but 
also the people who make or break a coffeehouse. 

111e P8/Uloon on Girard has been there for twenty 
house coffee. The cigarette 
projecting from her fingers 
is like a seismic needle, 
shaking back and forth 
recording the caffeine level 
in her blood. We finish our 
drinks, listening to a 
Baroque piece coming 
through the speakers and 

The cigarette is like a seismic needle, 
shakire b~k and forth recordire the 

,,~mc..no level in her blood, 

years, serving an eclectic mix of 
patrons. Here wealthy matron 
just off the tennis court, surfers 
with their Mac Meda bumper 
stickers, school kids from Bishop 
and La Jolla High, visiting 
Europeans and, of late. a bevy of 
Middle Easterners all congregate 
under the outreaching limbs and 

watching hookers, pushers and various other street life 
pass outside. Conversations around us are at a low 
mumble. Knowing how much further we have yet '0 go 
on our journey, we leave and head to a place that is 
currently at the pumade of popularity. 

We arrive at Cafe Lulu, pushing through the throngs 
of hipsters loitering on the sidewalk. If 1 weren't 
mistaken I would think this was the tenninal for Annexia 
Airlines and a flight from Interzone had just arrived. But 
no, these are the same old San Diego regulars found at 
raves and department stores throughout the city. We 
make our way to the counter where a waif with a 
bleached-white pixie haircut takes our ortler. 

twinkling lights of a huge tree. Caffeine's energy boost 
is applied to backgammon and playing cards. Conversa-
tions revolve around money and the acquisitions to be 
made with it. And yet I feel a warmth. a cozy familiar-
ity. Faces do not leer or jeer, but smile, a welcoming 
expression. 

I sip my tea, nestled in the wood plank bench, my 
anns resting on the Spanish tile covered table. My 
companion slurps her double cappuccino, and we rest 
here a while, under the night sky. 

1ben it's off to Pacific Beach. In an area known for 
bars and dance clubs, it is interesting to find a coffee-

See CAFFlENDS. Page 58 

Acrossfrom the Sun God At Muir 
Featurin~fresh hand made: 
Tacos ........ . 
Bunitos ., ... . 
Mexi Burgers 

.79 

.99 
1.09 

Hewh""' Nmional HOI Doll, ,,"tz~/s, SIIod.r, Pastries, 
HoI Cq/fn.11IIII FOIIIIIIJiIt Dri. (Dr. Pep~f; Coke, 
Sprite. anti IMt Cob) 

Save trIOMY and lime. Come give lIS a visit and receive a ... 

.F REE"mbo Choc%lt Chip Cooki' 
Witlr allY Mexi·Express purclrase* (ope/! 7:30 a.m. - J :30 p.III.) 

*Offer Good/rolll 2124/92 Ihmli~h 2128/92 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Nerct to Vons) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Nerct to P,ua Hut) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from Mann Theater)45S-0420 

nERRASANTA GATEWAY 
(Hwy 52 and Santo Rd .) 268-4423 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
APPT. NOTNECESSARY 
MANICURtST AVAILABLE 



• 

SPECTACLE 6 

A.s. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Siudeni Leadership Ctwnbcn 
Price Cenler, Third Floor 
Come and get involved!! 

VEGETARIAN RECIPES 
.. .are wanted by the Eanh Day Coalilion. We're 

looling for some lasey, healthy recipes for our Eanh Day 
New paper in April. Drop the recipes Ihrough the 101 in 
our office window. ThaI's in the Siudeni Cenler above 
Soft Reserves. room 208 
NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE 

MEETING 
Tuesday, February 25, 12:00 - 2:00 pm 
Price Cenler Berkeley Room 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
LOST ANGELES AND SIDE TRACKS 
Homt!/t!ssnt!ss 
Friday, February 28, 7:00 pm 
Solis Leclure Hall 107 
FREE 

AS STUDENT ADVOCATE OFFICE 
·Accessible and effeclive resource for helping 
siudenis solve admini trative problems. 
Monday - Friday, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 
Third Floor Price Cenler 
COnlac! your Siudeni Adv0C3le. Monica Copado at 
534-4450 .. we clln make a difference 

NA TlVE AMERICAN DEBATE 
REGARDING NEW AGE 
INTERPRETATION OF TRADITIONAL 
NATIVE AMERICAN CEREMONIES 

PANEL PRESENTATION -- LOCAL NATIVE 
AMERICAN ELDERS 
Thursday. February 27, 7:00 - 10:00 pm 
CHECAFE 

AFFIRMATIVE ACTION FORUM 
Tuesday, March 3, 7:00 pm 
York Hall (USB) Room 2722 
Presenled by Phi Alpha Delta Pre-Law Co-Ed 
Fr.uernity 
Free and open to lhe public 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
GENERAL MEETING 
Wednesday. February 26.8:30 pm 
PriceCenter Santa BarbaraILos Angeles Room 
Come lake part in the planning of upcoming 
evenls! 
For more info ca ll Siud. Org. Office 534-4090 

UNIVERSITY TOASTMASTERS 
PUBLIC SPEAKING WORKSHOP/CLUB 
Meets Tuesdays. 5:30 - 7:00 pm 
MAAC Conference Room III -A (South of 
University Bookstore) 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
MEETING 
Wednesday, February 26. 6:30 pm 
North Conference Room (111e Old Studenl Cenler) 
Derechos Humanos Ya! 

CALLING ALL 
ARTI STS! 

DESIGNTHE 
1992 SUN GOD FESTIVAL 

LOGO! 
Come up with an original logo including th 

Sun God for 1992' s festival. 
The logo will ~ on T-Shirts, posters, 

and prizes, 
THEWINNING DESIGNERWILL 
RECEIVEA FIFTY DOLLARGIFT 

CERTIFICATETO 
ASSORTEDVINYL 

SUBMITALLARTWORkTOTHEAS 
RECEPTIONIST, 3RD FLOOR PRICE 
CENTER. BYTUESDAY, MARCH ). 

• 

The UCSD Guardian 

SCANS 
Presents an evenin, with Francis Crick open discus 
sion on his Nobel Prize winning wort on DNA, neural 
networks. REM sleep. and the ori,in of life. 
Thursday, February 27. 5:30 pm 
CSB003 

THE RESISTIBLE RISE OF DAVID DUKE 
THE NEW RACISM & HOW TO F1GHr IT 
Speaker: Ahmed Shawki. editor of Socialist Workt!r 
newspaper 
Wednesday, February 26, 7:30 pm 
Warren Lecture Hall 2005 

PRE· DENT AL CLUB 
MEETING 
Tuesday. March 3, 7:30 pm 
Berkeley Room, 2nd floor Price Center 
All rudenlS interested in the denial field are 
welcome! We need your input to help plan activi 
ties for nellt quater! 

STRESS MANAGEMENT 
Speaker: Yvette de Beixedon Mitrani, Counseling 
Psychologist. UCSD 
Wednesday, March 4,7:00 pm 
Gallery B, Price Center 
School, wort, co-curricular activities, are you 
feeling overwhelmed and a bit stressed? Our ellpert 
will help you reduce your stress level through 
simple exercises and helpful hints 

CULTURE QUEST 
Come help spend $10,000 
Every Thursday, 1:00 pm 
Conference Room .S, Price Center 

INDONESIAN CULTURAL SHOW 1992 
Sunday, March 1,6:00 pm 
Red Lion Hocel 
7450 Hazard Center Drive, San Diego 
S 15 for student or $20 for general public 
For lickels call 278-TIXS 
For more infonnation call 530-2194 

SHAPESHIFfER MUSIC 
IF 
Friday, February 28, 3:30 - 7:30 pm 
Bul!'s Eye Tavern 
IF Returns. Free CD's, Posters, T-Shirts while they 
last. 

PRE·MED CLUB 
MEETING 
Wednesday, February 26, 7:00 pm 
CSBOO2 
We will be having a panel of medical sludenls 

NA TIVE AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE 

INVITES YOU TO A TIEND OUR MONTIn.. Y 
MEETINGS 
Tuesday. February 25.12:00 - 2:00 pm 
Price Center, Berkeley Room 
For more infonnation call 552-1154 

AS PROGRAMMING COMMITTEE 
MEETING 
Every Tuesday, 4:00 pm 
Conference Room t8 

ASUCSD PUBLIC RELATIONS 
COMMITTEE ... 

MEETING ... 
EVERYTUESDAYATS:OO PM ... 

PUBLIC RELATIONSOFFICE,3RD 
FLOOR PRICE CENTER ... 

EVERYONE ISWELCOME! 
HELPOUTWITHTHE 
PRODUCTIONOFTHEAS 
NEWSPAPER, AUTHORIZED 
PROPAGANDA, PUBLICITYOFAS 
EVENTS, ANDMUCH MORE ... 

CALL SU-.uSO FOR MORE 
INFORMAnON ••• 

Monday, February U, 1992 

THURSDAY FEBRUARY 20 
PRICE CENTER THEATRE 
ONLY ONE DOLLAR· IN 3SMM 
SHOWTIMES 6:30, 9. 11:30 

lKlrn AVAlWU IN ADYAIr! ATTn! 000 lOX ~lIa CC WOO ~IV« All'll! m 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Are you inlerested in volunceering but just don't 
the lime? Come join us in the "Hands On San 

Die,o" Volunteer Program. for one day and lhere's lOIS 
of issues that you can choose to participate in. like 
Homelessss, women's shelters. and Lileracy. The event 
isonAprilll,I992.Come byorgiveusacallifyouare 
inlerested!! ! 

The Volunteer Connection is open 9-S, M-F. We 
located on the third Ooor of the Price Center. nn 

and our phone number is 534-1414. 

AS NEWSFLASHES i. produc:ed by die Associlled 
StudcnIa 01 UCSD. To have 11'1 "venilemcnt pIIced In AS 
NEWSFLASHES. pick up a fOllll outside die AS Secretary's 
door. lid fIoarPric:ec.., Deadlillel .. ,.,.W.ta.lday II 
noon. AdveIdIemenca _1IIbjecI to IpICIe IYIiIIbIIIIy 

Monday, February U, 1992 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE 7 

J 992 ASUCSD ELECTIONS 
CALENDAR 

FlUNG DATES: 
March 4th - 6th, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 
March 9th -13th, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 
March 30th, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 

LAST DAY TO FILE: 
March 30th, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm 

POSITIONS AVAILABLE 

• President 
- . Vice President Administrative 

• Vice President Finance 
• Vice President External Affairs 

Commissioners: 

CANDIDATES'MEmNG: 
March 30th, 5:00 pm 

• Commissioner of Operations, Services & 

Price Center Cove - MANDATORY'" 
Enterpri ses 

. ' Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
• Commissioner of Media 

CAMPAIGNING BEGINS: 
March ~Oth, 8:00 pm 

• Commissioner of Programmin,g 

Senators: 
PRIMARY VOnNG_DAYS: 

• Revelle • Warren April 7th, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
April 8th, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
April 9th, -10:00 am - 2:00 pm 

Sophomore Sophomore . 
Junior Junior 
Senior Senior 

PRIMARY POLL LO€AnoNS: 
April 7th, Tuesday,at your respective college: • Muir • Fifth 

-

Revelle Plaza Warren -Apt. Commons 
Muir -MOM Filth - Pepper Canyon 

Sophomore Sophomore 

Third -Peterson Hall 
April 8th, Wednesday, 

Price Center Plaza 
Gym Steps 

April 9th, Thursday, 
Price Center Plaza 
~Steps 

RUNOFF ELECTION VOnNG: (if necessary) 
April 15th, Wednesday, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

RUNOFF POLL LOCAnoNS: 
Price Center plaza 

Junior Junior 
Senior Senior 

• Third 
Sophomore 
Junior 
Senior 

~Sreps~~~~ __ ~~~~~~~ ____ ~ __ ~ 
Pick up filing packets, Third Floor, Price Center - see Anna 

or call extension 44451. 

• 

, 

-



ContInued from .... sa 
house. 

Located in the recently 
refurbished Dunaway Building, 
Zanzibar i the most crowded 
place on the street. Its human 
contents pill out onto the 
idewalk. High ceilings and huge 

painted canvases give the interior 
a dramatic ambiance, with the 
bumi hed yellow wall and wood 
tables preventing austerity. TIle 
crowd i what you'd expect to 
find in PB - aging urfers, 
tattooed kate mts, pale-skinned 
persecuted arti t and a few 

varieties of beachcombers. But 
coffee is the name of the game. 

Here the search for the mighty 
caffeine jitters continues. The 
huge menu of lanes, mochas, iced 
this and steamed that, offers 
something for everyone. Even a 
lowly tea drinker can find 
something of interest But it i 
getting late and my tour guide' 
body is about to go into convul-
ions. Over the din of the conver-

sations around us I can heat her 
heart pounding and a vein in her 
forehead i throbbing vi ibly. 
Even a novice will recognize the 
ymptom of caffeine overload. 

We head back to my neighbor-

hood. and I drive with the heater 
on full-bblst while my friend 
shivers. staring wide-eyed out the 
window. 

"Call it a nightT' I ask. 
"No. One more stop." 
She directs me to another 

coffeehouse. It is located near our 
point of origination, about ix 
blocks away from Soho. TIle 
Study opened up Ibis past ummer 
and has an air of ~very to it 
Most of its patrons are anonymous 
- Alcoholics Anonymou and 
Narcotic Anonymous. New Age 
music and mythological art give 
thi mall hop its relaxing 
ambiance. Looking somewhat like 

its nameuke. The Scudy is 
raniniscenI of your fllber's den: 
gn::en wallpaper, bookshelves 
tilled with hardbound volumes 
and mallard ducks and an 
extensive use of oak. It's a 
soothins final stop. Here my 
friend orders a cup of herbal tea 
and I purchase a house coffee. She 
has a long way to go 10 the land of 
nod and I need to stay up late and 
write down aliI have experienced. 

We part ways, and I return to 
the calm enclosure of my apart-
ment. And as I write, the mystery 
of the dark elixir still eludes me. 
I've been to places tonight that 
pan the pectrum of possibilities 

- dance and classical music, 
surfen and businessmen, shouting 
and whispering. Some were the 
happening place to be, others 
merely a SlOp on the way home. 

At first I believed that it was 
coffee and its resuJting high that 
linked these di parate enterprises 
together, but now I realize it' the 
human need for social interaction 
that i the atttaction. 

In coffeehouses we gather to 
meet old friends and new faces, to • 
share our ideas and listen to those 
of others. To be seen by the world 
and to be seen in it. And the 
places I went tonight are only the 
beginning. 

You've Just aeared 
For Take Off 

You can get a lot more out oflife when you 
set your Sights a little higher. Which is what 
applving for the American Expresf Card 
is aU about. When you get the Card, its 
easier to do the things you want to do. 
And with the student savings that come 
along with it, you can do even more. 

Fly roundtrip on 
Continental for less than $100 each way. 

Student Card members receive four travel 
certificates. They can be used to fly any-
where Continental Airlines flies in the 
48 contiguous United State . Two for the 
chool year, and two for the ummer~ 

Depending on where you fly, each 
school year travel certificate is good for 

$129 or $189 roundtrip-and each sum-
mer travel certificate 
is good for $149 
or $199 roundtrip. 

Savings that 
upgrade your lifestyle. 

As a student Cardmember you get more 
than great travel savings. You also save 

Airfare examples baaed on destination. 
Your 

'- Your Roundtripo SchooIY ... A..u.bIe 
"- ~ S.vi .... 

N.Y.-LA. $189 5428 $239 
S.F.-Dm~r $129 $308 $179 
Dallas-Seattle $\29 $408 $279 

money on everything from clothing 
to long distance phoOe 

... -: calls. All fora $55 annual fee. 
ObViOUSly, savil)85 like these 

say a lot about the value of the Card. 
And haVing the Card will say a lot about 
you. For one thing it says you have a handle 
on what you spend, so you don\: have to 
carry over a balance. It also says youre sman 
enough not to pay interest charges that can 
realtdd up. So take a few minutes now to 
call have your bank address and account 
num r ready), and apply for the American 
Express Card: 

With all that the Card offers you, not 
even the sky is the limit. 

Get gOing, call1-BOO,967,AMEX. 



H8 HIATUS 

YEARS 
AHEAD 
H AIRCUTS by Mark 
Women $17 (reJi . :? ) 
Men $14 (reg. 19) 
UCSD PE 
Perm & 1/00reU/ 
or fl i.r:hltgllT & IIOll'Cl/f 

Vermont's Finest 

I AL 
$50 

Ice Cream @ Frozen Yogurt", 

4150 Regents Park Row 
near Anthony's· 587-3680 

The UCSD Guardian 

ALBUM REViEWS 

'I .\ " I ( ., 1 c) \ 'II 

Lou Reed 
Magic and Loss 

EMI 
" I hope I die before I get old." So 

maybe the Who should have retired. 
and maybe Mick should retire his 
lip. But there must be mething to 
be !>aid for those rock stars who have 
hit mid-life. Bob Dylan. Neil Young 
and Lou Reed are writing some of 
the best music of their careers. deal-
ing with death. failed dreams and 
hopes for the young. 

But leave it to Velvet Under-
ground founder Lou Reed to write 
an album about death. loss. and 
mourning. MagicalldLoss focuses 
on uchdepres ingtopic andleaves 
many thing unresolved. Reed real-
izes that the tragedies in his songs 
are facts of life. He confronts the 
fears which have been haunting him. 

Magic and Loss is not another 
New York. Reed is not pissed off. 
but rather. he is trying to thread 
together death and inner growth. It 
i in this body of work that he is the 
most critical of himself. Reed is 
scared of death and what lies in hi 
hean. 

One of the finest momenIS on the 
album is "Magician," a ballad in 
which the character wants to die 
before he succumbs to AIDS. Reed 
also takes on cancer and how the 
impending death of a person under-
going chemother.apy in "Sword of 
Darnocle ." 

This album is quite depressing. 
yet amazingly brilliant. Unlike 
Sting, who confronted hi parents' 
death in "Soul Cages." Reed i no( 
lookingtoworkeverythingoul. Thi 
is not a therapy album - it i~ a 
collectionoffriends' tories worked 
into a quill of son . 

The simplici ty of the mu ic. 
mostly acoustic guitars and simple 
percussion. allow. Reed 's poetic 
versetodominate. OnlyReedcould 
pen a beautiful song about crema-
tion or a failed suicide. This is with-
out a doubt one of the most emo-
tional albums of the new year, and 
any fan of Lou Reed will be com-
pletely sati fied. 

-JoIhua 0cIntz 

Fungo Mungo 
Hum"ngolU 

Island 
Not another Bay Area-esque funk 

band! Before upsetting the NorCaI 
population of this university. Pri-
mus is incredible. Mr. Bungle is, 

'lbunday, Febnwy 27,1992 

well, out there in a good way. 
But then there are by-products 

like Psychefunkapus and Fungo 
Mungo. They are decent bands with 
some great tunes, but they just do 
no( groove on their albums. 

I used to buy an album if I knew 
it was some hybrid of funl.:. My 
disappointment in Fungo Mungo'~ 
HIIIIIllIIgol/S is that it i simplyaver-
age. Two tracks. "00 You Be live in 
God" and "Downtown Oakland." 
are really good, but the re~t of the 
album is relatively flat amJ ~ome­
what lacking in spontaneity . . 

Clearly , Fungo Mungo ha. .. heard 
every Red Hot Chili Peppers and 
Fishbone album. These guys can 
play well, but they are so typical of 
the current funk scene. "Sold Your 
Soul (For Rock n' Roll)" comes 
stmight from the "Freaky Style" em 
of the RHCP. 

But to say that H/lfl/llllgollJ is a 
bad album is unfair. 

HlIIIIlIlIgollS has its strong points. 
like the brilliant use of samples to 
accent its songs. And when Fungo 
Mungo speeds up the tempo. it is 
clear that these guys are great musi-
cians. 

Fungo Mungo is indicative of 
the funk scene in which few bands 
deviate from the typical, slow Par-
liament-esque riff. Locals Flalten 
Manhattan have a unique way of 
crossing into funk: Fungo Mungo, 
however,lacks this ability. 

Most people who went to Koala 
Night at the Belly Up! woulp agree 
that it is a good live band. But with 
Humlillgous, Fungo Mungo is just 
another Bay Area-style band which 
has overdosed on Flea, Les Oaypool 
and Fishbone. 

-Joehua 0cIntz 

JOIN US FOR A SPECIAL BRIDAL EVENT 
• FABULOUS DOOR PRIZES. BRIDAL FASHION SHOW 

• GRAND PRIZE HAWAIIAN HONEYMOON 

I 

Join May Company and Brides & Your New 
Home for a special afternoon designed just for 
the bride and groom. Our nationally recog-
nized experts will speak on topics of special 
interest to engaged couples and can answer 
questions about your wedding day. 
Reservations are requested, but not required. 

MISSION VALLEY 
Sunday, March 1 
1 PM-3:30PM 
(619) 297-2511 , ext. 2644 or 2079 

YIm OU ... IDAL .. elSTllY 

.RIDAL 
REGISTRY 

Guests can easily select the ideal gift! And if you make a registration appointment at May 
Company during this event. you'll be eligible to wi,! a 5-piece dining room set from 
Mission, 45-piece set of Noritake china, 44-piece set of Reed & Barton stainless flatware 
and 24-piece set of Gorham crystal. Worth over $2600! 
Will A 1111 .. 10 _WAIl 
Brides at our Romantic Beginnings event will have a chance to win one of many great 
prizes, including a Wedding Night Romance Package from the San Diego Mission Valley 
Hilton, or a 6-night honeymoon with airfare at the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel and Makena 
Resort Maui Prince Hotel! Trip courtesy of Bride's & Your New Home, Mauna Kea Hotel, 
Makena Resort and The Travel Difference at May Company. No purchase necessary. 
TNI COU"'" CIIALLIIIeI 
Join us in a fun game to find out how well you know one another! Prizes to participants. 
III WIIA'I"IIIIW I'0Il YOUaIlIW_ 
Learn from our experts which products will create a home perfect for you. 
llUOY A MlDAL 'AIIIIOII ..... 
Preview the latest styles in wedding and honeymoon fashions for both of you! Gowns by 
Magic Moments Bridal Salon, tuxedos from Gary's Tux Shops. 
.In TNI WlDDlllelXPlllTl 
Our own bridal professionals will be available to assist with all your weddirlg plans. You'll 
also meet bakery. catering, ftoraI, photography and party planning experts. 

MAY COMPANY 


