
Elsewhere 

Fraternity Gives 
Disabled a Uft 

Ar T A BARBARA -
Members of a SB fraternity 
are volunleering their time to a 
program that provides tran por-
tati n to I al re idellls ho are 
physically unable to get around 

n their own. TIle Phi Sigma 
Kappa fratemit and the anta 
Barbara Ea 'y-Lifl ~y~tem have 
worked together ~ [the past 
three years. A~ide from 
pro iding manpower. Phi 

igma Kappa members 
organize fundraisers to help 
fund the program. The 
fmtemity spon!>ored a rum-
mage sale that rai~ed near! 

10.000 la ' t Oct ber. The 
sel i e provide. tran ponation 
for shopping, meeting and 
medical appoimmenL . 

UCSA Names New 
Executive Director 
SACRAME TO - The C 
Studenl A ociation promoted 
fromer Legi lative Advocate 

ndy Shaw to the position of 
Executive Director at its ov. 15 
meeting. Shaw replaces former 
Director Lee Butterfield in an 
interim capacity after 
Butterfield re igned la t 
September. Shaw, who i a 
graduate of UC allla Cruz, 
was a member of the UCSA 
Board of Director in 1990, 
and the Chair of the Student 
Fee and Financial Aid 
Committee. 

Students ThInk Day 
Should Resign 

AN DIEGO - ccording to 
a" traw poll" conducted 
recently at San Diego State 
University, a majority of the 
student do not feel that SDSU 
Pre ident Thoma Day is 
adequately addres ing the 
need of students. The poll 
comes in the wake of a 
controversial summer in which 
Day recieved a vote of no 
confidence from the Academic 
Senate. Day belives that there 
is room for improvement in his 
relationship with faculty and 
students alike. 

Inside 

SWISH 
HIA1\IS: New ki film show 
another side of a changing 
port. H1 

SPORTS: UCSD womens 
basketball team beat 
Claremont 77-61. 18 

Index 

, 

DrEGO 

Second Rape 
Reported 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

A femal U 0 slUdent was raped by a 
maJe acquaintance on ov. 23. in the econd 
reponed on-campus rape this month. The sus-
pect. who has been identified. is a 22-year old 
non-affiliate. 

UC D Police ergeaJ1t Bob Jones said that 
the case "is till under investigati n" and that 
the uspect has been informed of the inve tiga-
tion, but i n t under arrest. 

tthecon lu ionofthe investigati n. which 
should take a "couple of week ,to the "case will 
be referred to lhe[ anDiegoJDi trictAttomey's 
office" for review, a cording to Jones. The 
D.A. will then decide whether or not to proceed 
with prosecution. 

The identity of the victim and the exact 
ampus location of the rape have been with-

held by police. 
Members of the UCSD Women 's Re ouree 

Center (WRC) aid that acquaintance rape b a 
di fficult problem to addre s because it is harder 
to guard again l. 

WRC member and Muir junior Lisette 
Lahana aid that victims of a Quaintance rape 
often face tramatic p ychological problems. 
Lahana added that people need to learn how to 
communicate more clearly with ea h other to 
avoid date rapes. 

"No means no ... (itdoesn ' t] matter i fthey're 
stark naked ... men should take any hesitation 
as a 'no,'" he said. 

She peculated that "if they were raped by 
a man, their tru t [in] men in general has been 
really violated." Lahana, who has peer-coun-
eled date-rape victims, aid that there are 

other long-lasting effects as well. 
"Once someone has been date raped, a lot of 

times they can't deal with an everyday situa-
tion, they can't concentrate and their thoughts 
are constantly preoccupied." 

The first rape thi month was an early-
morning assault on a jogger under the Gilman 
Drive overpas at the outh end of campu on 
Nov. 9. Detective Raymond Pulsipher of the 
San Diego Police Depanment said yesterday 
that police do not have a suspect in the assault 
but that an investigation is continuing. 

H E u c 5 

TH R DAY, DECEl\ffiER 3, 1992 

DON'T SMOKE 'EM IF You GOT 'EM 

Jason Rltchle/Guard,an 
The laundry room in Matthews Apartments Building B caught fire over Thanksgiving Break 
after a cigarette butt was left to bum on a couch. This Coke Machine was a total loss. 

Graduate Student Strikes Continue 
LABOR: U Berkele and Santa 
Cruz graduate tudent employees 
till on-picket line 

By Krista Carpenter 
Staff Writer 

The Berkeley graduate student employee 
strike continues this week in the hope of gaining 
administrative recognition of their labor union, 
theA sociation of Graduate Student Employees 
(AGSE). 

No resolution was reached after a four and a 
half-hour meeting Wednesday night. The sole 
i ueofcontention is thecampusadministration 's 
unwillingness to recognize AGSE a an official 
collective bargaining agent. 

"We put an offer on the table. but in the end 
we found it impossible to come to an agree-
ment," said A sociate Dean of the Berkeley 
Graduate Division Joe Duggan. 

Among the concessions offered by Berkeley 

aUJ11tJ1i!>tfUtOr-. were the ... chcuulin ' of monthly 
meetings with graduate ~tudent In!>tructor't (GSls) 
and graduate student researcher .. (GSRs) to dis-
cuss employment issues, written statemcntscon-
fimling any rel>olutions reached and automatic 
dues deductions. 

The is~ue of paychecJ.. dues deductiop~ was a 
major stumbling block in reaching a compro-
mise. According to Duggan. the AG did not 
accept the administration 'sofferbecau~e it would 
only be in effect until June 1993. 

Duggan explained that "the AGSE wanted an 
agreement until October 1995. but wecouldonly 
offer dues deductions until June '93 because 
graduate students are not covered under the 
Higher Education/Employer Employee Rela-
tion~ Act (HEEERA)." 

No funher talks are ~cheduled. although 
Duggan stated that the administration is always 
willing to discuss matters with the AGSE. 

See STRIKE, Page 9 

UCSD Students Anticipate Rough Financial Innes 
ANALYSIS: Students struggle to 
pay for increased fees as cost of DC 
education skyrockets 
By Francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

The skyrocketing cost of a UC education has 
students pinching pennies and taking pan time 
jobs or just withdrawing completely. 

While university officials explain that all fee 
increases are oft: et by financial aid increase and 
other measure ,students and administrators al ike 
are worried that the university i becoming finan-
cially out of reach for many academically eligible 
Californians. 

This problem is especially critical for 
underrepresented minority students who may ee 
a UC education as prohibitively expen ive and 
therefore, unattainable. While university figure 
do not yet reflect a large decrease in minority 
enrollments, UCSD has fallen well shan of its 
affinnativeaction goals for both African-Ameri-
cans and Latino . 

According to Third College Assi tant Dean 

The Fee Spiral 
Student fee totals for the past SIX years. 

'Includes average 
miscellaneous fees. 
These are assessed 
by student vote and 
vary by campus. 
"Could increase 
depending on the 
level of state 
funding In 1993-94. 

Source: UC Office of the PreSident 

Rene Bruckner /Guaro,an 



2 NEW 

Science and Engineering 
Library To Be Moved 
CAMPUS: Phy ics and Chemistry Departments protest 
tran fer of research collection to Central Library 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

Faculty and students from the 
Phy,ic~and Chemistry DepaJ1ments 
are protesting the propo!>Cd move of 
the cicnce and Engineering li-
brary from Urey Ilall to the cast 
wing f the Central Library. The 
move would lake 
place 111 the Spring 
of 199 . when the 

cntral Library 
main tower is 
\chedllled to re - \. "-
open. ~ 

TIle cicnccand ;1 

that propo al included a con~olida­
ti n of campus libraries. 

"The Physics and hemi try 
Departments protested what pan~ 
of the Science and Engineering li-
brary were importantt us. We were 
ru.ked to shut up, be au!>C if we 
didn·t.IU SDj would n t receive 

the appropriation 
10 expand the Cen-
tral Library. We 
agreed to be quiet 
,0 a~ not to jeopar-
dize that project. 
Certaml y ur IOten-
tion was to keep 

Phy~ic\ :md hem 
i~try 0\ er here at 

rey Hall," VoId 
o;aid. 

Englllc.:ring li -
brary con\i\t~ of 
volume .. and t.:~h 
for phy ... ic\, chcm-
I'try and cngin.:er-
ing re~earch . A 
move to the Central 
Library would en-
tail either moving 
theemire book co l-
lection, or ~plilling 
It and trJn~.rerring 
only cel1ain pans. 

"We were not 
consulted very 
much. Later on, 
we were told that 

fairs Marjorie 
Caserio indi ated in 
the meeting that if 
they had wanted to 
keep the libraty in 
Urey. the depart-
ments would have 
had 10 pay for it out 
of their own funds. 
[f the move take~ 
place, it would be 
disastrou Iy incon-
vlenicnt forfacuJty. 
undergraduate 
and grdduate stu-
dents. according to 
VoId. 

11lcmovcwollld 
abo me:lI1that fac-
ulty and ~tudcn ts 
frolll the Phy ... ic:. 
:Ind hCIIlIstry De-
partments would 
have to walk fur-
ther to d research. 
while members of 
the . ngi neerin g 
Department would 
not have to walk so 
far, according 10 
Physics Professor 
Robert Dynes. 

it's going to move 
and there's 
nothing we can do 
about It. Too 
many decisions 
are being made 
by administrators 
who don't 
understand the 
needs of faculty 
and students." 

"We were nm 
con ulted very 
much. Lateron, we 
were told that [the 
libmry i 1 going 10 
move and there' Th e Physic:. 

- Regltze VOid, 
chemistry professor 

Department called 
a "\Own meeting" 
I ast month to d iscu 's 1 he matter wi th 
adminbtr.ltion and colleagues from 

hemistry and Engineering. Dur-
ing that meeting, angry views were 
aired in protest of the move and both 
the Ph ,ic~ and Chemistry Depart-
ments expresscd a strong desire 10 
rctam the volumes IIlt:tct in thcir 
current locution. 

.. t the meeting. jmcmbers of 
the adlllinistrJtion] were urpri ed 
about the geneml unhappiness after 
the proposal was made. Hundred 
of people will have to walk from 
Urey Hall 10 the Centml Libmry. If 
it 's convenience, there has to be a 
rational counting of heads a ' to who 
will be convenienced. TIley didn't 
bother to ask." aid Tim Moran. a 
gmduate tudent in Physics. 

According to hemistry Profes-
sor Regitze VoId. plans to expand 
the Central Library began in 1985, 
when UCSD had to present a strong 
case for expansion to the state legis-
lature in order to ge t funding. Pan of 

nothing we can do 
about it. Too many 

decision <Ire being made by admin-
i. tralors who d n't understand the 
needs of faculty ;lIld students," she 
said. 

According to Dynes. there is 
n body to blame except the bad 
economy. Vice-Chancellor aserio 
also acknowledged the economic 
problem. 

" Jt 'stcrrible ... therearenofunds 
10 hou e two sepamte libraries. as it 
would have to come out of existing 
funds," he said. 

Dyne5said that one problem will 
be with "mutual reading re earch 
materials," that is. those material 
shared by the chemistry, phy ics 
and engineering depanmenls. One 
proposal advocated making copies 
of the materials inquestion, but was 
rejected for lack of funds. Another 
possible olution would be to move 
only the engineering volumes to 
Central, Dyne aid. 

" There is no room [at U rey Hall) 
See UBRARY, Page 9 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 3, L992 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 

I~ ~E! I'~ 
FP£E.' M RE5T 
Of' WE 0"'1 IS 

F\~~'i, '9:)!I\E 111>\~ To M"ISE~ .' 
L1SER-rio PRECIC\JS l\8'C,In"( .' 

M.L "'11'1£ .' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

AA HA I\~! 

tf 1 tI~ . '1Q\J 
0.1'1 BET 10 BE 
Rt.· ~~ II,LIJ"TING 

tI.~ '5IRII.Tt.<O'i 

'i()\) 5\lRE 
Kl'I(:''N I\, LOT 
"BOOT ROCI(S 

'lCtJ Bt:T 
BA\.L\'5TIC. 
MI'),,)ILES 
~~. 
r CAll.. 'E.I'I . 

NSF Grants $5 Million for Institute 
UCSD has been awarded a fIVe-year $5 million grant 

from the National Science Foundation to form an Inst~ 
tute for Mechanics and Materials. 

The institute will serve to foster scientifIC advance-
ments in materials science and theoretical mechanics 
among academics, industrial and govemmental research-
ers. It will function as an exploration station where 
matenals can be examined, from their synthesis and 
processing to computer modeling and the visualization 
of their microstructural characteristics. 

According to BioengtneeringProfessorRichard Skalak. 
the institute will not conduct extensive research. but will 
provide instead an intellectual forum to catalyze the 
formation of research groups. 

In addition to the NSF funds, the Institute will receive 
$250.000 a year from UCSD. and will seek other funds 
from participating universities and govemment agen-
cies. 

UCSD Healthcare Offers Free 
Flu Shots to Medicare Patients 

Medicare recipients over the age of 65 will be eligible 
to receive free flu shots on Dec. 2 In Mira Mesa and on 
Dec. 3 in Rancho Bemardo. The flu shot clinics are co-
sponsored by the UCSD HeaIthcare Network and Health 
Net Seniority Plus. 

The first 200 Medicare recipients at the Mira Mesa 
Senior Center and the first 300 recipients at the Joslyn 
Senior Center will be administered free flu shots. Health 
care providers from UCSD Medical Group-Mira Mesa will 
administer the vaccinations. 

'Snake Path' DesIgner To Speak 
At Mandeville Recital Hall 

Alexis Smith, the artist who designed the 560-foot 
• Snake Path,' the latest addition to the Stuart Art 

Collection, will speak about her worl< on Dec. 9 in the 
UCSD Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Smith will show slides of her worl< and will also 
answer questions from the audience. A reception will be 
held afterwards to meet and talk with the artist. 

Smith was featured on CBS' ·Sunday Moming" last 
April , and has been involved in creating publ ic art for the 
past 10 years. 

The speech is open to the public. For more informa-
tion, call the Stuart Collection Office at 534-2117. 

Diabetes Information Offered 
at UCSD Medical Center 

The UCSD Diabetes Center Is offering a variety of 
educational classes to inform people about diabetes 
and the steps that can be taken to prevent serious 
related diseases. 

All of the classes will be held at the UCSD Ambulatory 
Care Center located at the UCSD Medical Center in 
Hillcrest. Among the classes is a four· to eigllt-week 
course that teaches various methods of diabetes man-
agement. The course will focus on diet control, exercise 
and medication regulation. 

Reservations are required and information Is aval~ 
able by calling the Diabetes Education Message line at 
534-5203. 

Phase II of Ubrary Nears End 
In order to complete the Central Ubrary construction 

while still allowing access to the facilities, the library will 
be closed on the following dates: 

December 19-20, 24-27 
December 31·January 3 
Beginning Jan. 4,1993 the library 's main front doors 

will be open once again, and the entire library will resume 
normal hours. 

FRANCISCO IeVIIIES, News Editor 
BEN FREUND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

_ CONlUlTIUI": Mllluel Buckenmeyer. James C011ler 
lUUSTRATORS: Nathan E~ln . Speed Farris . jennifer Hart. Dominic Lobbla. Alan 
LunO&ren , Adriano Mul\oz. Katie Roe. AI Spong 

DAN McDOWB.L, Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

Jeff NIESEL, Hiatus Editor 

_EllS: Joel Arnold. Wilson Cheun&. Marcus Lobbla. Chrlslopher Lock. 
Tneresa Mynle. Katie Roe 
I'HOT_Al'MIJII: Sklart Oeb. Sidney Lynch . Paul Mackey. Jennifer Matthews. 
Lori MIICheIi . Chuck N&uyen. Jenntfer Vann 
copy II£AD£IIS: Michelle Chiang. AIOn Miller. Oavld RadWln . Jessie Sprtnger. 
MaRan Tomsen 

J/leOCSOGcml.rl,\I)I.(Jis/led ~¥oIl 11md.J,1M'( ~ ilCilOel1'lC )tar b! ¥oil for ~ 5WderU 
ct OCSD. ~ ct tillS ~ n iJrI form. _in _ or n 1M. .. 1rIl\A ssoon 1$ 
5I/ICI1)' pro/lbl!d. Cl l992.1I1 r1fU _ . l11t 1.csDQm)arl1s t'O\ ~ for ~ """" ct 
IfflliOIl<I ~ or iIfI. Ih! ..... ~ "IJ""'" Il,.ncs ¥oil ""'" 1e11e!1 .. CIlfMIOfIIiftS do I'Ill 

~ ......... ~ Ol,,,.,ns ~ 1ht LCSD _ ~ lffleBI1I ~ C;iIiIlma. or ~ Assoaritd 
-. J/Ie LCSD_,s IU'!ded soIetfb!-.,. ..... TIle "CfIP1ITIS atr.r>CldiJld ~ SlOCIIrCS 
at"'~ 

JASON RITCHIE, Associate Photo Editor 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 
LAMINE SEeKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

ADVERl1IINQ AlSllTANT: Tara Eoff 
808 DeANDREA, Business Manilfler 

MICHAEL FOULKS, AdYertlsing Manilfler 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

E. IBGH HENRY, Classified Representative 
BEN 8OYCHUK, Editor In Chief 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 

SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 
SENIOR STAFF _1TEItI: Jenny Galan&. Dan Krauss . Mallhew Robmson. Brett 
R1lyI1e. Mochael SChwartz 
STAFF WRITDIS: Elaine Camuso. Kllsta Carpenter. Ktrslen Halverson. B,IIy 
Hwang. ChriS Jensen. Gaye Johnson. ROCIenCk Lee. wenay MCNeill. Tneresa 
Moore. Murall MOoI1I1Y. Julie Pak . Ely Rabanl. Kara Saul. R~u Saxena. Alexa J. 
Sherman. Julie Sherman, Karen Sp4esel. GregOll' Slephens 

Edltorlat: 534-6580. Business Office: 534-3466. Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD 6UM11lw1, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0318 
Actua1IocI""" : Second Floor. UCSO Student Center Bu,ld,'"C ._. 

I 
I 

Thursday, Deeember 3,1992 The UCSD Guarnian NEW 3 

IFe Suspends Pi Kappa Phi 
GPFFKS: Fraternity punished 
for allegedly violating "dry 
rush" policy during bay cruise 
By ChrIs Jensen 
Scaff WriCer 

The Interfraternity Council (IFC) ha u-
pended the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity for violat-
ing the IFC' "dry rush" policy that ban 
alcohol from all rush events. 

"There was no offense. They had some 
circumstantial evidence that we had alcohol 
[at a rush event). Guys who had been drinking 
had thrown their alcohol away," Chapman 
said. 

At the time of the incident, the Pi Kappa 
Phi were already on probation for violating 
dry rush policy in October, according to 
Moawad. 

The accusation was made in an anony-
Asaresultofthesu pen-

sion, Pi Kappa Phi will be 
required to perform 640 
hours of community ervice 
and pay a $400 fine. 

Formal and informal 
functions with other Greek 
organizations are also pro-
hibited by the uspension, 
according to ChiefJu tice of 
the Interfraternity Judicial 
Board Steve Moawad. Pi 

MGuy. who had 
been drinking 
had thrown 
their alcohol 

mou leiter submitted to Se-
nior Student Affairs Officer 
Paul Dewine and IFC Vice-
President of Communication 
Jason Ktillnuva . Dewine and 
Kannava decided to hold a 

away." hearing to present the com-plaint to the IFC Judicial 
Board. 

The Judicial Board held a 
- Andy Chapman, 

PI Kappa Phi 
president hearing on the mailer Nov. 

24 and delivered a guilty ver-
dictlast Monday. Kappa Phi is also banned from participating 

in on-campus rush events until Dec. 31. 
1993. 

Chapman anributes the accusations tocom-
peti tion among fraternities at UCSD. 

Pi Kappa Phi members will not be al-
lowed to participate in interfratemal com-
minees or boards and they will lose voting 
privileges on the President's Council. Par-
ticipation in interfraternity athletics will be 

" We, in the past two years, have grown 
from one of the smalle t fraternities on cam-
pus to oneofthe largest and a lot offmternitie 
are envious of our succe s," Chapman said. 

banned as well, Moawad said. 
Pi Kappa Phi president Andy Chapman 

steadfastly denied the charges, and said the 
fraternity plans to appeal the Council 's deci-

Fifth College senior Wyan Wachtel, a Pi 
Kappa Phi member who lost his position on the 
IFCJudicial Boardasaresultofthe suspen ion, 
was similarly upset by the decision. 

sion. 
"[TheIFC] is becoming a completely law-

less organization," Wachtel said. 
The controversy centers around a harbor 

cruise that the Pi Kappa Phi chartered for a 
rush event. According to the IFC, cenain 
members of the fraternity brought alcohol on 
the boat. Chapman denies thi charge, claim-
ing that those who were drinking before the 
event threw their alcohol a way before board-

Another member of Pi Kappa Phi, who 
wished to remain anonymous, called the u -
pension " very random" and aid thaI the Pi 
Kappa Phis "were already in the doghou e 
with the IFCand they were waiting for ome-
thing to take us to [the rFC Judicial Boardj ." 

ing. 
Barring a sucessful appeal, Pi Kappa Phi 

will be on probation until Dec. 31, 1993. 

The "Sun" is always Tr.-m o-Tan 
shining at ~ 

2TANs$:I: 
One for you, One for a friend 

"First lime clienlS only wi'" this COlJpon. 11J'14 IlVaPI' OIICO'I'" on all 
Lo .. 8" Guaranteed seMces & products 

European Body Wrap--only $48 V/iUl UCID ID 
Not a temporary water ~I • Reduce ceMutle and st,_'" mar1c.s 

--------------------

30TAN DAYS$29 
Coli /01 dctoil • • 2nd 30 Ian ciaII' $39.99. 2 monlh minimum. Wllh coupon on Iv. Explru 1J3.92 

NOTHING'S 
FHIGNTOUS. 
Robert's Germall, Swedish & Japanese Service. 
At Robert's, we specialize in foreign cars. And our huge 

inventory of shipped parts means your car will be 
returned FAST. And, of course, all work 

is fully guaranteed by 
Robert's Stress-Free 

Guarantee' 

• 
• 

ROBERT'S 
GERMAN· SWEDISH· JAPANESE SERVICE 
Nothing's foreign to us, • 1111 

n 01 
_"'l1li. 

""'" 

275-1132 
I - 4630 Mission Bay Dr. 

MON.-FAt: 7am to 5:30pm. SATURDAYS: Bam to 5pm 

I 
I 

UCSD Socialist Club Oeared 
IEARINGS: Judicial board 
fmds club did not plan 
disruption of lecture last May 
By ErIc: Schmidt and Ben Boychuk 
Senior Staff Writers 

A Campus-Wide Judicial Board recently 
found the International Socialist Club (ISC) 
not guilty of charges that it planned a disrup-
tion of an on-campus lecture titled "Educa-
tion and the Racist Road to Barbarism." 

The Objectivism Study Group (OSG) at 
UCSD raised the charges after Pepperdine 
Universi ty Economics Professor George 
Reisman was repeatedly ~houted down dur-
ing a lecture sponsored by the OSG on May 
I . 

An estimmed one-third to one-half of the 
200-member audience di~rupted the lecture 
by houting comments at Reisman while he 
was peaking. 

Comment in ' Iuded " Motherfucker, you 
can't get away with that," "You' II never get 
out of here" and "NaLi motherfuckcr," ac-
cording to police in attendance :ltthe event. 
Reisman was escorted off campus under 
police protection following his talk. 

Crowds at the event did not disperse for 
approximately one hour after Rei man's de-
panure, since students for and against 
Rei man argued heatedly following the lec-
ture. 

OSG Pre ident Darlene Price said 
Reisman's lecture lost all value because of 
the disruptions. "Everything we put into that 
event was destroyed. We received nothing," 
Price aid. 

The OSG had asked the university to 
force the IS to issue a fOimal apology and to 
pay theexpen\es of the lecture, which totalcd 
$1.580. 

In addition to charges against the ISC, 
college-level di~ciplinary procedures against 

individual allegedly involved in the disrup-
tions have been dismissed. 

According to Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Undergraduate Affairs Tom Tucker. all 
grievances filed against student rganiza-
tions are sent 10 his offi e, where he must 
decide if a panicular ca. e merits attention or 
not. 

In this case, Tucker sa id he believed there 
was enough evidence to justify taking action. 
[n an infomlul hearing, Tucker offered ISC 
members a choice of going before the cam-

pu~-wide judicial bourdor a cepting what he 
characterized as ". evere sancti on~." 

According to Tucker. the mnge of sanc-
tion~uvailable tohim include imposing finl!s, 
community service hours, probation, tempo-
mry &uspension or complete disbandment of 
the organinltion. 

The IS turned down Tucker'~ proposed 
sanctions in favor of a formal hearing. 

"The university followed due process to 
the leller," Tucker said. 

IS advisor and Philosophy Professor 
Phil Ga~per said the complaint was found 
invalid because the OSG could not prove 
socialist club group planned the disruptions. 
Reaction to the lecture was spontaneous 
among many members of the crowd, he said. 

Gasperhad been implicated in leading the 
disruptions with several other ISC members, 
including Principal Member Siamak Malek. 

"The complaint was that the International 
Socialist Club somehow engineered a dis-
ruptionofthe meeting. We were certainly not 
involved with what happened." Gasper suid. 

SeverallSC members were involved with 
a picket before the event and with the distri-
but ion orniel'S " to promote 1II11lticultur.dism. ,. 

Ga~per said the ~peaker was racis t and 
was intentionally prodding the audience. 
"When he mentioned savages, he was mo-

See OSG, Page 9 

Now ENROLLlNG: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

v[}o@ ~©m LI OO@W~~ ~ ~lfUO~~OO 
6y Co(um6ia ~view 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical community sinca1986 

* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MCAT prep and med school application assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and l3ught by dedicated M.D.'s, UCSD 

M.D.-Ph.D. candidates and faculty members who are MCAT EXPERTS 
• Reading and writing workshops laught by a top UCSD ENGLISH 

PROFESSOR 
• 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) or detailed in-class instruction and testing, 

problem solving, reading/writ ing workshops. review groups. med school 
apptication and admissions stra tegies. and tutoring 

• 1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and fonnula sheets, 
reading and wri ting study guides, MCAT and admissions strategy 
handouts, problem sets and timed exams wrillen by MCAT experts 

• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical studeills 
• TUTORING and MCA T LIBRA RY privileges for enrolled sludents 
• The MOST POPULAR MCA T course with the BEST DOCUMENTED 

RESULTS in San Diego 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses 

lOW EIROLLIIS FOR OUR 
JANUARY '93 COURSE ~ t!ifJ 456-4848 

CSO ESCORT 534-WAlK 
5:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe, Don't Walk Alone! 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIAlS 
Editorial Board 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor Irl Cillef 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Ma~dgJng Editor 

FRANCISCO DEVRieS. News Editor 
PHILIP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

The UCSD GuardIan IS published twICe. week I t the UnlVefSity of Calltoml8. San o,ego COnleots 
1992. VIeWS eAPresH(t he,eln ( present the maJo'lty 'IOte of the e<htOfI I bOtta, 11'\0 are not 
necessQ"1y those of the UC Board Of Re&ef'lts. tne ASUCSO. nor tile enure Gu.rOliJn slaH 

Homosexuals Have the Right 
to Fight For Their Country 

When Prel>ident-e le t Bill Clinton announced that he would i ue 
W1 executive order allowing gays and lesbians into the mililary. the 
en uing maebtromofpublic rea tion was nothing ifnotpredi table. 
Gay rights advocates and many others prabed linton's promise. 
while the self-appointed guardians of "family values" creamed 
bloody murder. 

oon.the pragmati\t~ chimed in. suggc~ting that linton' s order 
be postponed indefinitely. umil some son or a 'ceptable middlc 
gr und could b.: reached. For a while. even ('limon him~elf seemed 
to be inching away rrom hi~ bold propo~al. 

Then: is no acceptable eXCuse forpr hlbiting openly homosexuaJ 
men and wOlllcn from serving in the anncd rorces. ,\llowing gays 
and lesbians inlO the milirary should nOI be done with reckless 
abandon and t:are le~.,ne ~, - too m;U1Y IJ<!ople arc ~till Iuled by 
pcr\onal prejudice,. fear and ignorance . But lInton mu.,t i~~ue hi., 
e ecutive rder, To do otherwbe would be giv lllg into ,pe 10US 
argument ... and faulty rea~ ning. 

Quitc ,imply. thc military. by denying admi~.,ion to potential 
~oldi('r' on the ba,I" of .,ex ual oricntation. i~ violating fedcrallaws 
on di scriminallon. Public in\titullon\ li)..e the anlled force~ ~h uld 

~et an e\ample. rather than serve a~ a hypocriti al aberration. 
Funhcnnorc. the mllitary\ policy di tate., how people ~hould 
behave in pnvUlc. \\ hich run, contral) to the founding father~' 
concept or indlviduul rreedom . 

Opponcnt' of linton'" c\e utlve order haH: n:hed upon vague 
argumenh \\ hich fall apan eveIl under nllnimal c\aminmion. Fir.,t. 
there" the claim that the military i ... not a laooratolY for \ocial 
experimentation. But what of I larry Truman" "social experiment" 
to IIltcgrate the amlcd forces fourdccades ago? The ~amc argument 
u,cd to Ju,tify \egr'gation of blac"~ and whites i, now being 
\ounded again. The fair trcallnent f hOIllO,CXlWb can hard I be 
ca llL:d a radical experiment - mW1 private orporation, have had 
dom '~ti partnership programs in place for ycars. 

A similarly contrived argulllent is that in,urance co,t, will 
., J..yrocJ..et if gay., wld bbian ' W'C permitted in the military.an unfair 
claim ba.,ed on thespecterofAlD which. ultimately, has little ba i 
in fac t. When the city of Seattle ofrered insurance coverage to the 
domesti panners of municipal employees. the rise In insurance 
o\t, wa, virtually negligible. A similar pattcm exim Ul companie., 

with domestic panner..hip progrwlls. , uch as Lotus and Levi-
traus~. 

Finally. military WlaJysts have suggested that Clinton's plan will 
Icad to ma~s rcsignations and rock-bottom morale. To make such a 
cianB ~e riou~ly underestimates the disciplinc and the professional-
i\1ll of ~oldier~ . True. there may be some lnitial rc . i~tan c but. with 
timc. that will undoubtedly pas ', 

Oppo~ition to all wing gay~ and lel)bians into th all11ed forces is 
predictable. It is a major hange. and to mWly. any 'on of change 
should be regarded with fear and suspicion. But these arc not 
~ubstantial reasons for denying gays W1d lesbian~ their right a 
citizens to ~e[ve their ountry.lfCiinton i truly going to bring about 
.Uly change. he cann t ba k down from thi cxecutive order. 

Thulnbs Down to 
The UC Regents ... 

... for the ~hameless public relations ~hell ganle they've been 
trying to run. During a ov . 20 meeting. the regents voted to change 
executive cOJ11pen~ation and remove some perks. All in all, the cuts 
will ~ave 31.t,000 a year. which amounts to spit in the ocean when 
one comiders that the uni ersity is facing a 2_5 million budget 
deticit for lhe 1992-93 chool year. While noting that this "refoml" 
was largely ymbolic, UC pokesperson Rick Malaspina aid that 
the changes were nece.,sary in order to improve the university ' 
public image. 

In tead of conccrning them elve with token PRo the regent 
should Mart t look at reaf reform measures. With student facing a 
minimum fee hike of $605. the regent have to make a erious 
attempt to cut back on executive perk ' and admini trative waste. 
rather than ome half-hearted attempt to 001 tel' a agging public 
approval rilling, 

The UC I) Guardian Thur day, DI'I'('mber 3.1992 

PINION 
OECI!;CoNS UNLES S; 

I'D ( oNSUL1Et> 1l-fE 

AI spong; Guard,an 

DROWNING IN AN OCEAN OF 
UNEQUAL OPPORTUNITY 

COMMENTARY: The $605 fee hike approved by the regents takes another tep 
toward huffing people of color and the disadvantaged out of higher education 

GAYE 

JOHlSln 

"Lel/nl/IlX II'Ollld spoil the 
/JCJt IIIXXl'r ill the world. Noll'. if 
you teach him h(lll' 10 read ... it 
lI'ould !orel'er IIIrfit him to be a 
:l /lll 'e. " 

- Master Allld, referring to 
his slal'e, Frederick Douglass 

Last week the regents ap-
proved a $605 (or 20 percent) 

incr~ in fee . . Thi time. the 
in rease will be u ed to offset 
one quarter of the 225 million 
budget deficit for the 1992-93 
school year. Shonly after I read 
about thi increase. I happened to 

overheara student saying t tlnotherthat it is a shame what 
the state of the economy has done to u . 

[t is of no use 10 anyone. nor is it a tribute 
to our own inte lligence, to con~i~tently link 

is~ue~ like the fee increa. e, to the economy 
without recognizing that all of Ihese fa -
tion ofwhitc bureaucratic America lead to 
the amegoal: exclu ionoflowincomeand 
people of olor group from "suc c 'sfu)" 
America. 

Peltason spelled out a new plan to bring the univel>ity 
logether with business and industry to "explore ways to 
encourage excellence in higher education and enhance 
economic development in the tate. "Thi culminated into 
a three-year contract with the Department of Energy for 
the management of the Lawrence Berkeley. Lawrence 
Livennore and Los Alamos laboratories. Two of the,e 
lab have been leaders in nuclear weapon ' research. 

Thi link between the Univer ity of California and 
industrial arenas points again to the fact that the UC 
system is nothing but big bu ines ·. its goal to make 
money, not provide affordable education. 

Whi Ie I'm talking about money, one myth I wou Id like 
to dispel is overthe "compensation" of students forthe fee 
increases through financial aid. There i no such thing. 
Many students this yearwerecountingon the money from 
~ --JI financial aid to get them through the year, 
.~~ and becau e 0 many people's aid wa cut ~ hort, it forced them to apply for more high 

interest loans. 
There is no "compensation" - only a 

pu h to fall more into debt than we already 
are. The new scarcity of grants ha gradu-
atespayingthe UC like a collection agency 
until well into the next century. 

Who are the Ill>t to be hit by the fee 
increase? A frican-Americans and Latino-
Americans who have been 0 thoroughly 
oppressed that in 1992 they cannot 5.'y that 
they have equal access to education. Ac-
cording to a tudy by the Graduate tudenl 
Association (GSA), if the present rate of 
increasecominuc,. there will be 20 Latino 
and zero black~ on this campus by the year 
2010. We have just taken the founh ~tep in 
as many years toward that goal. 

1IIIs .11* 

When theregents approved the increase 
last week, A.S. President Mike Holmes 
said that he hoped that the A.S. and some 
other campu group would lead prote,ts 
again t the fee . You know it is a cold day 
in society when the A.S. President calls for 
protest and there is no response. 

It may be a shame what the economy 
ha "forced the regents to do." but if we 
lookm whatthestdteandnationale onomy 
has done to people of color. 1 ay that all 
factions are working toward theamegoal: 
to see those with acces to the nation' 
resource unifonn in color and statw . 

between the 
Unlv..atyof 
California and 
Industltal 
arenas points 
.... ntothe 
fact that the 
uc system is 
nothing but big 
business 

To be honest, what surprised me is not 
the fee increases but the fact Ihat Ihere was 
not a wave. nOI a plash in the sea of the 
Mudem body at UCSD when thi was an-
nounced. I aw elhnic groups on this cam-
pus - the most affected people in the 
sy tem - take this news on their knees, 
There has been no call to organize; the 
older students say they are relieved to be 
gening out while they can. and the you nger 

[n this way. the UC ystem of education participate, in 
a meritocracy. and when only middle and upper c1as 
people are as ured of acces to education. raising fees 
becomes a way of legilimizing thb present and future 
elitism. 

students, for lack of role models. just shake 
their head . What is happening? 

The ramification of these fee increases are in idiou 
and clearly racist. ext year the ranks of color will take 
serious 10 ses. And in the broader scheme of the economy 
and its inexlricably-lmke4 plan to education, the fee 

When he was first ' inaugurated, UC Pre ident Jack See FEES, Page 6 

Thursday.~e01ber 3.1992 

You CAN JUST 
CALL ME WILL 
lillIE: Guess who's coming to 
dinner - our intrepid hero 
finally brings home the Bard 
ay5amHaipem 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

Last rime, Sam'discovered thor Shakespeare 
was alil'e. well and /il'iflg in San Diego. 

Everybody would like to be close friends with 
one of the world' giants, right? I'm no different, 
and after I found out that William Shakespeare 
really was walking the streets of San Diego, I went 
hunting. I found the great man going through a 
dwnpsteroutside Vons. Heneededahaircut, beard 
trim, bath and square meal. Naturally, I took him 
home and introduced him to my wife. 

"Love." I said proudly.' want you to meet the 
greatest poet in the English language, Mr. William 
Shakespeare." 

A wan smile crossed her lips followed by two 
quick sniffi infonning me her olfactory mecha-
nisms were intact 

'11's a freaking honor, Mr, Shakespeare," she 
ighed. 

He bowed low and kissed her hand. "Such 
beauty has not beenseen.dear lady. since Cleopatra 
did strike noble Anthony dumb. Call me Will." 

"Staying fordinner, huh?" she said, glancing at 
me without facial expression. 

[got Will ituated in the living room with acopy 
of War aruJPeace and scrambled out to mollify my 
wife. 

"Baby. 1 know it sounds strange." I pleaded. 
"but you got to believe me. He really i William 
Shakespeare and he's down on his luck. He's 
home ..... 

..... Iess." she finished. ") knew this was corn-
ing. You 're going to keep him here, aren't you? 
That dingleberry is going to leep in our damned 
guest room. isn't he?" 

"I won't tum William Shakespeare out of my 
house!" ) said defiantly. 

"Hoe, fine," she said with resignation. "Why 
don't you bring Elvis over, too." 

I paused. "You know, that's not a bad idea I 
could get some ocean water and ftll the bathtub ..... 

"Or a pot on the damned stove! Throw in alinle 
oil and freaking pepper!" she yelled. 

I was out of the family room and into the living 
room before she finished her sentence. W ill was 
settled back in an easy chair looking through the 
LosAllgelesTimes lingerie ads. On the floor beside 
him lay the copy of War and Peace, 

"Great book, huh," I said. 
"Ah, indeed," he said, quickly folding the 

paper. "Have you no Playboy?" 
"Not here," I said "My wife considers it de-

meaning to women." 
'Three hundred seventy years and still they 

change not," he munered under his breath. 
"Listen Will." I said. "you're gonna stay here 

until you get situated. You'lI have your own room, 
run of the house. I'll get you some decem clothes. 
We're going to get your 2Oth-<:entury life staned. 
Why didn't you get tarted writing or acting when 
you got here?" 

"Oh, believe that I did try,leaving quickly for 
the Dutch city nonh when I did hear it was the seat 
of culture. My Hamiel was auditioning off Broad· 
way and, fmding hean,l.did blaze my skills like a 
meteor across the stage. They complained I knew 
not thecharacter and further, that I as a thespian, did 
suck." 

"My God! Those wretches!" 
"Would my sad song ended with that refrain, 

btIl evil fate beckoned me to Holly's Wood where 
months of rejection reduced me to begging until I 
landed my one pan. Know you General Hospi-
tan" 

"You mean the soap? William Shakespeare 
playing soaps! What part did you playT 

"A corpse," he answered "Even then events 
conspired against me. The tag placed on my great 
toe made my fungi d'athlete to irch with fierce 
deflilOCe and in fuD view of the camera did I in my 
agony wiggle it. Thus, was my ass rued n 

He was really down. I poured him three or four 
shots of Grand Mamier, and he drifted off to a 
peaceful Jeep in my guest room. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

co..tENTARY: If this campus had a few people like UC Berkeley's "Naked Guy," it 
might actually resemble a commtmity of great minds, creative ideas and higher learning 

THE NAKED TRUTH ABOUT UCSD 

MAlT 

DJ15IIJf 

UC Berkeley is in 
the limelight once again 
for its avant-garde way 
oflife. OneofCal's fin-
est. a Mr. Andrew 
Martinez. benerknown 
as "The Naked Guy," is 
leading a prOlest against 
clothing. 

You've probably 
heard of him. But if you 
haven 'r,this naked cru-
sader has given more 
than the shin off his 
back in order to make a 

tatement agai nst theestablished (and no doubt 
oppressive) wearing of civilized altire. 

UC Berkeley has managed to find a way to 
keep the Unclad One off campu . Of course, 
given the inverted mores of our day. this 
mean that he cannot come to school because 
he is sexually harassing others. 

Staging the classic and yet still popular 
nude-in, he has been joined recently by other 
srudents. All of this leads me to the conclusion 
that if Berkeley is not going to appreciate this 

aked Crusader and his obvious eloquence. 
we here at UCSD could really use his gift . 

I think we should fly Mr. Maninezdown to 
La 10lla so he can go to school here. Naked-
ne i , of course, a perfect catch-all for pro-
te ting. One need not beprotestingjusl clOlhes. 
It is still ufficiently hocking in our increas-
ingly un hockable world. It is the perfect 
billboard for any political cause no matter how 
frivolous and if there were ever a school that 
needed such a jumpstart, UCSD is surely the 
one. 

My great fear is that if my idea were 
implemented, it is possible that no one would 
ever notice. Life is so wretchedly boring here 
that only mas murder could evoke anything 
more than a yawn. II has often cro sed my 
mind that we should be taken to clas on 
conveyor belts. 

Perhaps this liberated man could do some-
thing to liven up the place. We are so used to 
con truction and concrete desens that a little 

Community, the 118Ca88.-y 
component of any 
university experience, is 
sorely missing at UCSD. 
Every time a building with 
the usual hontd 
a'diItecture goes up the 
massage Is c ..... 1he 
student _ a seek. of 
Ide_ and Iov. of wisdom 
does not matt •. 
nature seems tempting, regard Ie s how lewd. 
Even a human being. the ugliest creat ure in the 
animal world. would be welcome m. a ign of 
life. 

TIle problem with thi universily is that. 
despite an excellent faculty and ambitious 
Mudenls, it is lillie more than a way ~tation on 
one's wanderings. After a few months at this 
school. freshmen learn quickly to look beyond 
this university both in regard, to Saturday 
night and intelleclllal sustenance. 

With Ihe campus divided by distance and 
curri ulum there is almo~1 no incentive to put 
anything back imo the university. hence Ihe 
amazing lack of intere&t in a collegc commu-
nity. TIle consi,tent message from the admin-
istration is that profcssors and tudcnts do not 
mailer. 

Parking. which is much-lamented, really is 
erious. 0 one in their right mind even con-

templates coming to school unless absolutcly 
necessary because of the obvious difficultics 
of getting around. 

We have few pubs or coffeehouses wonh 

noting. While) am not allracled to alcohol. 
good philosophy and good conversation are 
animated by the pub atmosphere. And even 
the more demure coffeehouse has a civilizing 
influence on opinion. 

We are to blame. of course. The ASUCSD 
is a band of fools and fops. bickering and 
slugging it out . pretending they are big politi -
cians. And they are just as wonhle S. 

All of this has been done without even Ihe 
semblance of an creative idea ororiginal solu-
tion. However. I would not consider my,elf 
bitter. This is the reahty at this school - ask 
any founh-year student. I am temperate by 
n:lture. so I have unfonunalely been forgiving 
these sin against higher liberal education for 
almost four years. 

I resolved long ago to seek out the beM and 
the brighte~t al UCSD. whether ~tudent or 
professor. in order to sharpen and improve my 
education. This has been rewarding. but as a 
forum for ideas one gets more oul of Ihe energy 
and vitality of Berkeley. This need not be done 
with radical politics. becau>c in thi~ area Ber-
kclcy is certainly misjudged. There arc so 
many groups and ideas thm at Cal il is fun 10 
just si t and imbibe the :,cencry. The fact that 
this nude boy can get any reaction in a poli tical 
sense i~ amazing. 

Community, Ihe necessary component of 
any univer~ily cxperience. i~ ~Ol ely III i ~~ing at 
UC D. Every time a building with the usual 
horrid archilecture goe~ up the me~t.age b 
c lear. TIle sllIcient a. a ~eckerof ideas and lover 
of wiMlom does not mailer. UCSD b essen-
tiallya think tank, but at Icast thin~ tank~ clo 
Ilot pretend to educate people. 

After four ye:us. I honestly believe these 
problem, have gOllen worse. TIli~ is why I 
think even drm.tic measures like the impona-
lion of Iludists might contribute to universily 
life. Face il. this guy would be a unique ma -
cor. 

But having a naked guy running around is 
not really the remedy. TIle problemsaredecper. 
As a university that fulfills the dream of a p);Ice 
for idea and challenges UCSD i~ fIlo,t defi-
nitely a failure. 

AIJJ FORMS OF RAPE MUST BE CONDEMNED 
Editor: 

On ov. 9, there was a rape near campus. 
We all know this because of the numerous 
police bulletins around campu ,the rally staged 
by the Women's Resource Center and the 
series of from page anicles in the Guardian. 
This crime was given quite a bit of publicity-
and rightly so. 

There was also a rape on campus on Nov. 
23. However. the only publicity this rape 
received was one line in the "Lights and Si-
rens" section of your paper on Nov. 30, read-
ing "Monday, November 23: 6 p.m.: A female 
student reponed being date raped oncampus." 
There were no police bulletins, no article in 
any newspaper and no rallies . I find thi very 
inconsistent as well as troubling. 

Has date rape become so commonplace in 
our society that it has become a fact of life? I 
certainly hope and praythatthis is not the case. 
either. 

There is no difference between date rape 
and any olher type of rape - they are all 
violent acts, robbing the victim of her or his 
dignity, trust, body and confidence. If we are 
to find rape deplorable, we should do so in all 
cases. 

Perhaps this rape was not publicized be-
cause the people in positions to make such 
decisions decided that UCSD just had a rape to 
deal with, and to bring up reports of another 
one would only serve to surface boredom or 
apathy. I hope and pray that this also is not 
correct. 

I doubt that the UCSD community would 
be that inconsiderate, and even if it were, we 

READERS' 

FIJRlfM 
The Guardian we/romes leIters and commentaries from Its 
readers. All leIters must I1e no lOnger than Wee pages. 
double-spaced and typed. leIters should also include a 

s~ature and a telephone nUrrber. We resetve the rig/lt to 
edit for Ie~ and clarity. Submissions fTllff I1e dropped off 
at lheGuardian office on the serond fIoorofthe old Student 
Center (right above tile General Store CWp (Ild overtook-
irl/lhe Hump) or can I1e sent by mail. Send aI/leIters to: 

The GulWdian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

owe it to this new victim to make her tory 
known, as a lesson for what steps should be 
taken to protect one's self and as a means in 
which to discourage would-be rapists from 
attacking. 

I implore you to aid in spreading the word 
to the community that rape, in whatever fonn 
it is manifested. is an evil which will not be 
tolerated. We need to recognize it in order to 
fight it, and to publicize all cases in which it 
occurs. 

James Lockett 

Not a Laughing Matter 
Editor: 

Ijust wantto thank you for writing the rape 
article in the Nov. 16 edition of the Guardil/Il. 
I was glad that you told us that women are not 
the only victims of thi awful crime, and how 
some people are working hard to make people 
aware. 

However. I am still concemed about how 
people take the reality of rape. I wa, walking 
to class the other day and overheard two guy~ 
joking about it. One said , "Rape is like bad 
weather. TIlere is nothing you can do about it , 
so you might as well sit back and enjoy it." 
Although they were on ly joking around, il 
proves they take this rnaner lightly. Rape can 
happen to anyone, and you are a fool to think 
it will not happen to you. 

Cassandra Kutsch 

How About Some Parking? 
Editor: 

As a Warren freshman, dodging con~truc­
lion has been a daily routine since I fir,t 
arrived. Of course. the only time hun actually 
disturbed are during the 7 a.m. jackhammer 
parties or the large trucks that back forever 
with their incessant beep. 

However, I feel that all the effon being put 
into "another" engineering building could be 
benerspent!owards a parking Mructurc. In Ihi ., 
way, studemscould driveonlo campu in~ t e"d 
of 20 minutes away. 

Brian Weydemullcr 



60PLNI N The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 3, 1992 

S.D. CITY ArrORNEY JOHN WITT MUST Go FEES: Students 
must wake up and 
make their voices heard 
ContInued from .,... 4 

who threw us in to please gel us out. 
A friend of mine told meacouple 

of days ago that thi i the "zero 
hour." The delay (or absence) of the 
organization of protest hal. afflf1l1ed 
and made safe the regent and this 

Editor: 
As an aduh male victim of phy i-

cal and ~exual a~sauh,1 wish to com-
ment on the recent increased aware-
ness following the tragic nighnime 
ro.lpe of a 20-year -<lId non-student near 
the campu~ entran e last month. I also 
want to use this incident and aware-
nc~ to issue a call to action. 

Iwi htocommendtheentirecam-
pus <;ccuri ty/police organization on 
their timely and thorough re~pon~e to 
this criminal a t and the threat it poses 
for ~lUdents and staff. male and fe-
male. Rank and fi Ie ~hould be lauded 
from the highest administrative of-

fic~. The response was "above and 
beyond," but also proper and in the 

be~t interest of law-abiding citizens 
In and near the campu~. 

On June 2. 1991.1 was waiting for 
d r.:lUm phone ca ll by the locl.<'mith 
ncar a lxlOl. of public telephones be-
tween Ralph '~ and Save-on Drugs at 
the comer of Del Mar Ileights Road 
and EI Cam 100 Real. I was "grabbed" 
by an unl.nown male and ,lapped 
around by a female pas~rby. Even 
with four 911 call, and a clew' record 
of automobile, and licen,c plate. the 
liN law enforccment crew wai ted 
over two hour~ to appear and left 
, hon ly thereafter for,hift changeover. 
With a 'Iecond ~t of SDPD officers 
(fillally) on the \Cene, I ;" l> lImed tl1;\t 
)lI'1tICe would be done within weeh. 

Both sets of officers faIled to tile.l 
repon. Ten month, later, only at m)' 
cOll tlllued 1Il\1,lence. wa.~ the reron 
tiled by onh tlltion. I alll no\\ 
n:Juced 10 ,pending my own fund, 
Jnd time to , ue "John Roe." "Jane 
Doe" and "John Doc" in civil coun. lf 
I had g Itcn a restraining orderagaim.t 

A N N o 

READERS' 

FORUM 
the\ecriminal,asofthreeweeksago 
SDPD would not pick them up for 
"contempt-of-court" (unless they 
were arrested for something else). 

A common thread run through 
this real -life "Key tonc Kop~ ." John 
Will ha! been San DIego City Allor-
ney for about a quaner of a century. 
Every poli e offi er I talked to at any 
deplhgot around totc1ling me thai the 

ity Allomey'~ Office just plain was 
not Intere~ted to non-felony assau lt!.. 
I wa~ often told that I wa not hun 
"enough." 

If we u~ a community want a last-
ing po~llive validation of my early 

unday afternoon a\\:tult and the 
rJped woman" lale-night j g. then 
we need to a c mpli,h more than 
letter> of condolence and lunch-lime 
mlhe\. Be it the u an Bra -Planning 
Oftl 'e 'lCl.ual hara" ment scandal or 
totall} llle\'lIlg up my "can 't lo,e" 
CJ\e. 1r. Witt hrl\umple prooflhal he 
Jnd 1m leadership are not up to the 
ta..,k. 

Here and now, let\ impea h Mr. 
Win . Anyone with half a brain and a 
third of a hcan could do a better job 
than Witt. I per>onally wou ld rather 

u N c I N 

seeacompetent,administrative-based 
non-Iawyerthan thiscareerpoliti ian 
who has deservedly lost the public' 
confidence. 

Don Lake 

Safety is Our Right 
Editor: 

1 would like to commend you on 
your covemge in the past two issues 
of the Guardian on the recem rape 
near campus. The mention of the fact 
that many people seemed to blame 
the woman for her situation because 
he was out alone late at night, and 

thai thi belief should be rethought 
was a valid point that many readers 
may not have considered.,Even though 
her action were not particularly a 
wise decision, this in no means hould 
Ie sen the impact of the a t of viola-
tionhe had to endure. The victim of 
a mpe hould never be blamed. 

Today it ~eems as though no mat-
ter where you are. you are not afc. 
The fact that a rape curred on a 
highly vi ible road makes you ques-
tion your afety anywhere. Society' 
desen itization of the impa t of rape 
has allowed for the shift of occur-
rence of thi crime to pia e where 
one . hould feel afe. such as onc's 
own home and community. 

The lack of concem for the safety 
of other> htL' becomedi graceful. We 
should remove the blinder> blocking 
the eVil ofociet) from our view and 
begin 10 con em ourselves with the 
~afety of other~. The only way to 
Ce.1~ crime' ~ control over our lives 
and ~ociety is fOri he members of the 
community to act together and keep 
an eye out for ea h other. 

Julie Krutiak 

G 

increases are a clearly racist inten-
tion. We hould have seen right 
through the merger with indu try, 
the increase in loan versus grants 
and the visible decline of faces of 
color at thi university. 

To wait fora bcuerdeal from the 
regents is like hollering from the 
bollom of the pit, a king the man 

tate; we are being happily omined 
from this university. as if ourcontri-
but ion and presence i of no value. 

Make no mistake about my me -
sage. I am asking you why there 
have been no vi ible prole ts al this 
campus, no visible outcry. We do 
not want thi , do we? I am telling 
you to wake up. 

The Next Issue of 
U C 5 D 

DIAN 
Will Be Available 
On Jan. 4, 1993 

Good Luck on 
Finals 
And Happy 
Holidays! 

$ c S $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ The BURSAR'·S OFFICE is accepting 
Deferred Payment Plan 
applications from students who have 
enrolled for winter quarter and who 
are in good academic and financial 
standing. For a $25 non-refundable 
fee, the Deferred Payment Plan 

WINTER 
QUARTER 

REGISTRATION 

DEFERRED 
PAYMENT 

PLAN 
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

allows students to pay for their 
registration fees in three installments. 

Simple and easy-ta-complete 
applications at the Bursar's Office. 

Rl T RSAR~S ()~~ ~~ I( ' ~~ 
211 \ ') .. \ .' \ l ' 

Hours: \I-F t):OO tllll --kOO pill 

Thursday, December 3 1992 The UC D Guardian 

Senior Is Student Regent Semifinalist 
UNIVERSITY: UCSD 
sends one of its own to 
student regent competition 
By Chris Jensen 
Staff Writer 

ues D Third College senior Rot>-
ert Glenn has been selected as a 
semi-finalist for the po ition of stu-
dent representative to the ueBoard 
of Regents. A comminee of stu-
dents from the five southern Cali-
fornia UC schools advanced him to 
the next tage of the selection pro-
cess. 

Glenn, an economics major, i 
one of the nine semi-finalists now 
competing for a chance to replace 
UC Berkeley law student Alex 
Wong after hi one-year term as 
student regent expires next year. 

If selected, Glenn vowed to work 
with the other regents despi te any 
di agreements that may arise. 

"[1 believe in] working with other 
regents, realizing the student has 
only one vote [on a 26-rnember 
boardl," Glenn said. 

Glenn was selected by a com-
mittee fomled by the leaders of the 
graduate and undergraduate student 
associations of the southern Cali-
fomiaUCcampuses.Asimilarcom-
minee made semi- finalist selections 
in northem California. Finalists will 
be chosen by the UC Student Asso-
ciation (UCSA) Board of Directors, 
with the final selection to be made 
by a committee formed by the UC 
Regents. 

If chosen, Glenn indicated that 
he will work to defend student inter-
ests and look for ways to avoid fee 

hike such as the $605 increase that 
was approved by the regents last 
week, despite Wong' dis enting 
vote. 

"The fact that fees have been 
doubled since when I was a first-
yearstudent is a drast ic thing,"Glenn 
said. 

Glenn also stressed the need to 
show other regents how the fee in-
creases affect tudents. He said he 
would try to present other olutions 
to the board in the hope of prevent-
ing further fee increases. "You need 
to find a1t.ernatives," he said. 

GlelUl voiced his sUPPOI1 for the 
anempts made by the teaching and 
research assistants to gain recogni-
tion as university employees. l1le 
movement has lead to stri.kes by the 
graduatesrudent unions at both Ber-
keley andSanta Cruz. UCSD gradu-
ate tudent employees are threaten-
ing to strike as well. 

"There is no reason they 
shouldn't be recognized a employ-

Roger Kuo/Guan1tan 

ee :' Glenn said. 
Glenn attributes his selection as 

a semi-finalist to the time and effon 
he put into hi application and hi 
ability to communicate his ideas 
during hi interview with the stu-
dent comminee. 

Glenn will beafifth-year tudent 
at Third College next year. He cur-
rently holds twO jobs, working as a 
Resident Advisor(RA)at ThirdCol-
lege and as the coordinator of the 
economics component at OASIS. 
He said that he will be thankful for 
the extra time he will have as a fifth-
year student if he is appointed to the 
regent. 

Glenn admined that having the 
student regent come from UCSD 
would probably be bcneficialto stu-
dents here. 

." 'm going tosceand hear UCSD 
i sues a lot more than others." he 
said. However, he added that he will 
represent the interests of all UC 
student ifhe is selected. 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
(Immediate Test Results) 

PREGNANCY TERMINATION 
UP TO 24 WEEKS 

(General or Local Anesthesia) 
OUTPATIENT FEMALE STERILIZATION 

Health Plans, lnsurance Plans 
MedVCa/ Accegted 
~-~. CMd -~C~ 

(619) 535-1379 
r.r;r;t 
~ FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES MEDICAL GROUP 

Our signature beer 
on taP1 available 
only at Callahans. 
A Little Hard To 
Find, Really Hard 
To Leave. 
578-7892 
OPEN CHRISTMAS DAY AT 5:00 P.M. 

NEW 7 

A.S. MEETING NOTES 
RIMAe c.nc.IlatIon UpdMe - A referendum Question proposed by Third 
Senior Senator Brian Fischer concerning the cancellation of the Recreation, 
Intramural, Athletic, and Event (RIMAC) student fee came before Council 
vote. After lengthy debate, in which the A.S. heard opinions from students 
on both sides of the issue, the referendum failed , 4-12-4. If passed, it would 
have put the issue of cancelling the RIMAC project up to vote In the next 
campus·wide student election. Warren Senior Ely Rabani claimed the issue 
should be decided by students because of the grievances which arose 
conceming the original election process. He also pointed out that since 
construction of the RIMAC building has not yet begun. no major problems 
would result from the cancellation of the project should the student vote 
change. Warren Senior Senator Sean DiThomas added that the real 
Question at stake is the validity of the original vote. and the A.S. decision 
only concems "whether we seek to act on this supposedly incorrect vote." 

GSA/ A.5. Relations - A.S. President Mike Holmes addressed the issue 
of sharing legal counsel with the GSA in his weekly report. In reference to 
GSA representative to the A.S. Steve Dubb 's resolution asking the A.S. to 
reconsider Its decision not to share legal counsel with the GSA. Holmes 
said. He said, • Although I believe the Council has correctly rejected the 
approach laid out in Steve Dubb 's resolution to be considered this 
Wednesday," he said, "I think there are other approaches that may be just 
as effective and without the perceived conflicts: As an alternative. he 
presented a proposal to the A.S. Presidential Negotiating Committee and 
the GSA that placed one GSA representative on the Negotiating Committee. 
He wrote. "This means that the graduate students would have a voice on 
the committee that would decide direction and strategy regarding the 
negotiations with the Co-ops. UCB. and University: Holmes' proposal 
contained two conditions: the GSA representative can neither be a member 
of a co-op, nor attend the port ions of the negotiations that the A.S. attorney 
decides may only be heard by the A.S. 

PreIIdent ProoTempore - The Council elected Warren Junior Senator 
Julie Robbins to the position of President Pro Tempore, effective January 4. 
1993. In this position. she will also serve as head of the Personnel 
Committee. 

Appoliliments: 
• John Bames as Revelle Representative to the A.S. Media Committee 
- Tuesday Hancock as Revelle Representative to A.S. External Affairs 
Committee 
- Confirmation of Chia-Lin Simmons as Fifth College Representative to A.S. 
Judicial Board 
· Confirmation of John Pei as Third College Representative to the A.S. 
Judicial Board. 
· Appointment of Carla Tesak to AcademiC Senate Assembly 

- By Baine Camuso, Staff Wnter 

• FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
~ rt & Turtle Wax Sealer 

~ ~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd, • 587·4844 
(OSTA 
VERDE ~ 
(AR,WASH 

WE RECYCLE 
OUR WATER 

z ® 

"-UCSD I 
;I! 

LI Jolla Vllilge Dr. UTe 
I ~ ~ I ~b.t Dr . 1 j .ll 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETITIVE PRICES 

-----------------------

: . ' Full Service 3 99 : 
: ~~~6~ f~.!! ~§tl ,.",.: 
I C '\R WASil Not voitel wilh ill1'I other offer. SAvE $4.01 I 

Ert",osIMJ 
I I 
------------------------

-, 
Best Wishes r 

for a I 
Sparkling 

'ft Holiday I ~;~ Season Filled I 
: .: With Miles of I 

I La Jolla Vtllage Professional Center 
. • Smiles and 8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., SUite 2103 
.) Old Fashioned I t·5., LaJolI,V,lIagd)nv< . TctFlooo.J .. ,b./r",dJ.,EkpMOltllar ;b. 

t:~:~t~:}!~r!~:: .. J 



8 NEW 

Auto Safety Questioned 
S~:crrganUation 
works to change teering 
wheel lock regulations 
ByChrlstlneYou 
Guardian Reporter 

Every day. people die in auto-
mobile-related accident. The Au-
tomobile Safety Foundation (ASF) 
is pointing to thesteering-wheellock 
mechanbm as a feature which has 
been respon ible for numerou 
deaths. a fact not prev iously brought 
to the anention of the public. 

In mo t cars. the steering-wheel 
lock activates once the key is re-
moved from a vehicle's ignition. It 
prevents the tuming of the steering 
wheel 0 that would-be car thiefs 
cannot drive the car. 

The mandatory installation of the 
pring-loaded steering locks in all 

automobile stems from a I 969 Fed-
eml Motor Vehicle Safety Standards 
(FMVSS) law. which was instituted 
because of pressure from insurance 
companies looking \0 reduce the 
high mte of auto theft. 

According to ASF President 
William Sherman, the danger of 
the 'e locks has not yet received 
appropriate attention. 

The Califomia Highway PatroV 
DepanmentofMotorVehiclesCali -
fomia driving handbook warns that 
if the key i removed from the igni-
tion while a vehicle is still in mo-
tion. the steering wheel automati -
cally locks. TIle lock can create a 
potentially hazardous situation ince 
the drivercanlose control of the car. 

Accordtng to herman. all ve-
hicles made and entering into the 

nitcd Statc~ mUM pa~s ~afe ty re-

Saturday 
Alvin & The 

"A 
Golden Hall 

236-6510 

quirements before they can be sold. 
As a precaution. most companie 
building cars in America have placed 
safety devices in their vehicles to 
help eliminate inadvenent teering 
wheel lock-up. However. there are 
many cars entering the United States 
that do not use uch safety device . 

Sherman wonders why foreign 
cars have been allowed to enter 
America without such safety pre-
cautions. 

The ASF argu that it has found 
at least one way to reduce accident 
rates and fight car theft at the same 
time. 

That way is to replace spring-
loaded steering-wheel locks with a 
transmi sionlock.Shennansaidthat 
transmission locks woo. in much 
the ame way as the teering-wheel 
locks. "TIley till prevent car theft. 
prevent rolling down a hill acci-
dently and are not dangerous." 
Sherman said. 

In tead of locking the steering 
wheel, the transmission of the ve-
hicle is di abled, thereby stopping 
the car. At the same time. transmis-
sion lock keep the driver in control 
in theevent of accidental activation. 
Sherman added. 

Many anempts have been made 
to bring attention to the dangers of 
steering locks. The ASF has wrinen 
to President-elect Bill Clinton in an 
effon to increase national suppon to 
prevent funher teering-Iock acci-
dents. 

11le cable news network CNN 
has reponed the steering lock dan-
gers. ~aying that car theft continues 
to rise at a tremendous rote despite 
the u~ of the ~pring-Ioaded locks. 

Howie Mandel 
Dec. 12- 8 pm 

MAT COM"."'" (TOw." , MUSIC POLU. 
_-.et WHt".HOU •• Ioo.,ton. 

CIVIC THEATRE 
D~:;O CON C 0 U R S E 

The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 3,1992 

Volunteer Connection Raises $2,000 
COMMUNITY: UCSD organization 
helps provide aid to tricken Somalia 
By Stephaan H ..... 
Guardian Reporter 

TIle Volunteer Connection, a UCSD student orga-
nization formed to improve panicipation in commu-
nily service. has raised over $2.000 to aid people in 
Somalia on Nov. 18 and 19. 

About 400 students volunteered to ign away a 
meal from their meal plans or donated money to an 
American Red Cross program that will provide food. 
medicine and other goods to the citizens of the war-
and f3Oline-tom country. 

"Events like thi draw attention to problems such 
as world hunger." said Sue Graeber. chair of the 
Somal ian Red Cross Relief Program. "There seems to 
be a lack of public awarene in regards to [social 
i sues)." 

TIle Volunteer Connection. with the help of tu-
dents. staff and faculty . provides service and per-
form communityworkinareassuchashomele ness. 
underprivileged children and f3Olilies. poveny. the 
menially ill, education and the environment. 

Usually about 1. IOOpoople.includingmanyUCSD 
students. donate time or money to the various needy 
areas of the San Diego corrununity through the Volun-
tccr Connection every year. Though this is a marked 
increase ince the organization was founded in 1987. 
Vol u nteer Connect ion DirectorOuislinaGarcfa hopes 
thaI even more tudents become volunteers in the 
community. 

"We 've made a big impacl on Ihe community and 
we 've grown becau e many others are finding out 
aboul us. People s90uld Iry 10 get more involved 
because there are a 101 of opponunities available." 
Garda said. 

Thi year. the Volunteer Connection has initiated 
and planned several special projects and events. 
Through the Habitat for Humanity project. tudents 
will travel to Tijuana and southeasl San Diego 10 
taclde the problem ofinadequale housing. The volun-
teers donale time and materials to build homes for 
poor f30lilies and ell them al cost. Also. the group is 

panicipating in the Share Bear Program. in which 
volunteers give an abused child hi or her Chrislmas 
toy wish. 

There are two programs that specialize in assi ling 
school-age children. The firsl program, Friends Un-
derstanding Needs (FUN). creates a partnership be-
tween a UCSD volunteer and a middle school studenl 
to provide the child with academic and social suppon. 
The second program. Active Sludenls for Kids (ASK). 
assists elementary school children in meeting aca-
demic and social chaJlengesand becomes aware of the 
problems in Ihe public education system th~ugh 
tutoring and special programs. 

In addition. the Be I Buddies program pairs UCSD 
tudents with mentally retarded people in order 10 

provide support and friendship. Through the Adopt-a-
Family program. students and others donated Thanks-
giving dinner to poor families and the home Ie . 

A future event designed to confront the problem of 
homelessne is Hunger Awareness Day. Each col-
lege at UCSD will organize programs for the home-
less under individual or corporate sponsorship. Rev-
enue will go toward community service projects and 
the construction of transitional home for the home-
less. 

The Volunteer Connection not only provides stu-
dents and campus organizations with opponunilies to 
work in the community. but also provides experience 
for students who will enter professions that require 
awareness and knowledge of social issues. 

"It·s a great experience for students who benefit 
professionally from these programs." said Dave 
McCain. domestic coordinator of FUN. ' '1l1e pro-
grams show there are opportunities for some [stu-
dents) to move OUI of a deprived environment and to 
a new level. 1l1ey provide social suppon and the 
ability to overcome difficulties." 

Organizer Alina Henderson said she believes that 
peopleshoulddomorewoo.inthecommunityinstead 
of talking about what needs to be accompli hed. She 
aid students who panicipate will gain knowledge and 

experience different aspects of society. 
"After all. college is about leaming to create a 

better sociery," Henderson said. 

Thursday, December 3,1992 

STRIKE:uc 
graduate students 
picket for rights 
ContInued from paCe 1. 

"We are putting out a call for 
graduale students 10 come back to 
school tomorrow or the next day 
they have scheduled classes. and if 
they make up 10 I lime. the admin-
istration will not withhold payor 
bill them for health benefits," said 
Duggan. emphasizing that the ad-
ministration never considered cut-
ting off graduate student employ-
ment benefits. 

A of day nine of the Beo.eley 
strike. the majority ofGSI and GSR 

FEES: Students 
hurt by skyrocketing 
cost of UC education 
Continued from paCe 1. 
for all post-high school education in 
the state, among the items that must 
be reevaluated considering the cur-
rent budgetary problems. 

Malaspina said that despite the 
fee increases and other cuts. the 
University of California is still a 
place that students want to go. Spe-
cial financial aid scales were put in 
place last year and will be revised 
for next year to adapt 10 the in-
creased cuts. he said. 

1l1e increases in financial aid 
adequately cover the fee increases' 
effect on students, Malaspina added. 
According to information supplied 
by the UC Office of the Pre ident 
"Twenty-nine cents of every dollar 
raised by fee increases will go to 
financial aid to off et the increase 
for needy students." 

Last year. 49 percent of all UC 
students received arl average of 
$5.326 in financial aid. 

The increases in financial aid are 
simply nol enough, however. ac-
cording to both Wilson and Chacon. 
Both believe students of color arld 

UBRARY: 
Proposed relocation 
angers departments 
ContInued from paCe 2 
to retain it all. .. taking out Engi-
neering [books) leaves some space. 
but there isn't a major university in 
the country that has a sc ience library 
so far away. [The issue] has nOI 
been resolved. regarding what will 
move and what will not. There will 
be a lot of meetings with members 
of lhe administration and our Engi-
neering colleagues." he said. 

Caserio acknowledged the prob-
lem. "We're lI)'ing to work [the 

OSG: Socialist 
club found not-guilty 
in lecture disruption 
ContInued from .... 3 
tioning toward the black and Latino 
areas of the audience." he said. 

In her written complaint to the 
university concerning the disrup-
tions, Price disputed the claim that 
Reisman's lecture was racist. 

"I heard repeatedly the comment 
that [the disrupters] had validated 
the theme of Dr. Reisman' s lecture, 
that the abandonment of education 
centered on teaching of Western 
Civilization leads to barllarism. I 
certainly have to agree." Price wrote. 
adding. "It was an ugly display." 

"People have wanted to 

AGSE union members are boycon-
ing discu ion ections they are 
employed 10 teach, as well as their 
own graduate-level classes. 

However. the degree to which 
c30lpusacdvirieshavebeenaffecled 
by the strike is di fficult to ascertain. 
The AGSE has claimed that at least 
75 percent of scheduled classes have 
been adversely affected by the strike. 
whileBerkeleyadmini trators main-
tain that a more accurate figure 
would be in lhe r.mge of 10 percent. 

Joining their Berkeley counter-
parlS.gradumestudentsatSantaCruz 
have traded red pencils for picket 
signs and have been on strike for 
more than a week. 

"We're striking to have some 

the streched middle class suffer the 
brunt of the fee hikes. 

"I anJ seeing many students who 
are withdrawing for financial rea-
sons ... students are being as re-
sourceful as they can be." said 
Chacon. 

Chacon also asser1ed that the 
"students of colorthargraduate from 
the university and return to the com-
munity" are imponant as role mod-
els. and that losing just one or two 
"will definitely have an impact." 

To make up for the shortcom-
ings of financial aid Third College 
is planning "large-scale fundraisers 
that will go to scholarships for Third 
College students [especially those 
in the] stretched middle class." said 
Chacon. 

Wilson agreed that financial aid 
is not doing enough to maJce up for 
the fee hikes. 

He said that the regents are view-
ing increased money to financial aid 
as a solution to the problems cau ed 
by fee hikes. 

"Financial aid is no longer able 
to cover it. .. students are slipping 
through the cracks." he said. 
- Wilson also said that under-rep-
resented minority tudents are often 
from financially strained areas or 
fanJilies.and the hikes subsequently 

situation] out now by contacting the 
depanments that are affected -
Mathematics. Chemistry. Physics 
and Engineering. There is a wide 
difference of opinion, but there 
seems to be a consensus that the 
collection would not be split. The 
best one could hope for is for it to be 
retained as one collection." 

Acting University Librarian 
Phyllis Mersky said that the main 
problem is that there is not enough 
room in the existing library in Urey 
Hall. 

"[We know) that they are very 
upset about it. We're trying to figure 
out how to satisfy them and still 
maintain their collection." Mersky 

marginalize [objectivism] all along. 
We've been called racists,libertar-
ians. immoral ... nothing has been 
le3Oled," Price said. 

Malek said he feels the attitude 
expressed by the speaker was an 
attack on non-Western culture. "Any 
dme you ca\J somebody's culture 
better or their ethnic background 
savage, usually they respond." he 
said. 

"When you call my ancestors 
spear-chucking savages. naturally 
I'm going to say. 'fuckyou .... Malek 
added. 

Malek said there was no ISC 
attempt to silence objectivism. "I 
don't think there' a conspiracy on 
campus to eliminate soc ialist 
thought, and I don't think there's a 
conspiracy to silence objectivists," 

The UCSD Guardian 

power over our lives. I don't feel it 
i right for the university to reserve 
all this power for itself." said UCSC 
Mathemalics T A Carl Haveri. 

Like the UCSD A sociation of 
Student Employee (ASE) and 
AGSE at Berkeley, the UCSC 
Grdduale Student Employee Asso-
ciation (GSEA) wants official rec-
ognition from the UC administra-
tion so that they can participale in 
collective bargaining. 

The ASEcontinues 10 man picket 
lines in solidarity with fellow stu-
dents at UC Berkeley and UC Santa 
Cruz. 

They are also threatening a fu-
ture trike if their demands for offi-
cial recognition are not met. 

increase pressure. The university is 
"10 ing both enrollments and [the 
minority] students who are here." 
he said. 

UCSD Student Affirmative Ac-
tion Coalilion (SAAC) Chair Pon-
cho Guevara agreed that minority 
students and students as a whole, 
are "hurting" because of the spiral-
ing fees. 

Among other things. "students 
have to take Lout) higher amounts of 
loans." he added. 

Both students and administra-
lion agree that the currenl outlook 
for the university is poor. 

"It ·s a really gloomy situation 
and we have to treat it as a crisis." 
said Wilson. He ugge ted that stu-
dents need to pres ure university 
executives in order 10 obtain money 
from the legislature and private 
sources. 

He also advocated demonstra-
tions of Sludent olidarilY. "[Stu-
dents] are very di empowered 
within the university ... we are try-
ing to change that Ihis year," he 
added. 

Cha on agreed. saying that stu-
dents should express themselves in 
"every way that's legal and effec-
live . .. itcould be that it' srcaJly time 
for that kind of effort." 

said. 
Physics graduate student Manin 

Schmaltz is in the process of peli-
tioning the admini stration and has 
already gatheredover90signatures. 

" We wrote a letter to Vice-
Chancellor Caserio [saying] that 
we don ' t recommend the move 
and that the Physics and Chemis-
try parts [should] s tay where they 
are... Engineering can move. 
There has been no response yet. 
['m sure that Ihe adminislration is 
rethinking the move and thinking 
about alternatives, although it 
seem this issue was already de-
cided. We just want everybody to 
be happy. " he said. 

he said. 
Price said. though. that shouting 

down Reisman had the effect of 
silencing objectivism. "It was their 
intention to prevent a set of ideas 
from being heard. That' s what hap-
pened." she said 

According 10 Price. the OSG is 
planning another event for Febru-
ary. John Ridpath of York Univer-
sity. Toronto, has agreed to lecture 
on free speech and individual rights 
only if he receives an unambiguous 
statement from the university assur-
ing him that no disruptions will be 
lolerated. 

"The uni versity believes that free 
expre sion inthecontextofscholar-
ship is a fundamental right." Tucker 
said. "We will take a strong intere t 
'n subsequent meetings." 

NEW 9 

Classas ara starting right now. Call 277·674~. 

KAPLAN 
The answer 10 Ihe lesl .uesllon. 

SUMMER 
EMPLOYMENT 

Gain valuable experience working with academic scient ists and other 
offi ce sta ff at the LaJolla , CA field site of The MtTRE Corporation. a 
not-for-profit systems engineering organization. This position will be 
available during the summer of t 993. 

SR. WORD PROCESSING OPERATOR - LaJolla, CA 
Process draft reports and correspondence produced by academic 

sc ientists and staff. Responsibilities include performing initial keying of 
handwritten draft material of a highty technical nature , proofing drafts and 
maintaining logs. You will also file and photocopy materiats. 1b qualify. you 
must have a high schoot diptoma or equivatent, 2- 3 years ' w ord processing 
experience. and a typing proficiency certificate 155 wpm). 

Call us to arrange an interview. 
Fo r a personal appointment . ptease contact Ms. Charlene Bennett at 
6 t9 ·459·9701 , between January It and January 20, 1993 . 

tJllRE IS PROUD 10 8 t "foI EOUAL OP~TUNITY/AFFIRM.ATIVE .<\CHON EMPlOfE.H A"'Ir IS 
CO""IlTED TOONERSITY IN OURWOR~ FootE US ClTlZENSHIPISREOUIRro 

MITRE 



The UC D Guardian 

w. HOOPS: 
Tritons break losing 
streak with 77-61 win 
ContInued from pep 16 
26 percenl shooting. The Tritoo also 
dominated the boards, outtebounding 
CMS, 31·14. Scholl and Ovian domi· 
naIed the ftr.il half. Scholl had 10 points 
and 9 rebounds, while Ovian chipped in 
8 points and pulled down 6 rebounds. 

The TrilOllS continued 10 pound the 
Alhenas in the second half. With 15:24 
left in regulalion. SchoU shook her de· 
fender and took a four·fOOl shot, gening 
hacked juS! as she released the ball. The 
hoi spun in. and Scholl went to the line 

for one free Ihrow. After Scholl con· 
verted the foul shot. the Tritons held a 
commanding 31·point lead. 57·26. 
UCSD was ystematicaUy destroying 
the A thenas in every aspect of the game. 

a few shots as UCSD stumbled on of· 
fense. Amy Cleveland's three·pointer 
capped a 17·6 nm for CMS. cuning 
UCSD's lead to 20 points, 6343, with 
8:59 remaining. 

UCSD's offense ~napped out of its 
slumber when senior Tricia Stilwell hit 
a 3·pointer. giving the Tritons II 6845 
lead with 6:48 remaining. 

Although the game' outcome W.lS 
decided in the flrsl half, the Athenas 

UCSD 77 

CLAREMONT MUDD SCRtPPS 61 

never quit MS continued to hustle 
down the floor, driving with impunity 
past the Triton defense. UCSO watched 
its lead shrink 10 15 with 3:02 remain· 
ing. 

T hursday, December 3, 1992 

from the basket, took a jXl.\.'> from Stilwell 
and hil a diftkull lum-around jump 
shot. giving UCSD a 17-point advan-
tage, 72·55. 

Withone secondremaining, Scholl's 
offensi e rebound and basket capped 
the scoring. SchoU's basket and subse· 
quent free Ihrow gave her 26 points for 
!he nighl - a new career high - as 
UCSO prevailed 77-61. 

Malone was quick to praise Scholl. 
"Erica played a great game. She's been 
averaging 17 or 18 rebounds a game, 
and tonighl she had 22. She was just 
dominant inside; theycouldn '1 stopher:' 
Malone said. 

UCSD' second·haIf play, incon-
L<J.emandattimessloppy. was forgiven 

by Malone. "We had a letdown. and 
CMS fmally showed up 10 play in the 
second half. I'm juS! glad we had our 
letdown wilh a 3 I-point lead." Malone 
said. The Athenas oulSCOred UCSD in 
the second half. 39·31. 

Jason Ritch,e/GuwoiWl 
Valerie Ryan had six points for UCSD In Its 77~1 win ewer eMS. 

With a seemingly insunnountable 
lead. UCSD began 10 relax. and the 
Athenas took advanlage of the TritOllS' 
concentration lapse. CMS lJIJ1ed to hil 

Then Scholl, in her flfSl year as a 
~er, showed why he has become 
such a force for !he Tritons. With 2:36 
remaining.Scholl,SUltioned ix feet away 

Ten different players scored points 
in UCSD·svictoryagainsICMS.Ovian 
scored 12 points and collected 12 reo 
bounds for the Tritons (2·3). Mease 
scored eight, whi le enior Alison 
Cartwright. freslunan Marcia Jeffries 
and freslunan V alerie Ryan each scored 
six points for UCSD. 

$2°0* for 
one double 
sided sign 

A driver cuts you of L An attractive 
commuter catches your eye ... You want 

thank someone for letting you merge! 
A ncw. ellclting fun lilled way 10 communicalc 
wilh your fellow commUlcrs and friends. 
Praclical. safe and lruly signs (or the limes! 

Thank You C Slow Down! E Use Your Signal 
A. Have A Nice Day • Pull Over • Learn To Drive 
B. Back Off I D. Are You Single? F. Jerk! 

Great Car! I'm Single Smile 
Enclo" ..... k'" money .. do .... S2 00 ..... $1 00 "-'9"" NndIino __ .. 
"""''''' 'D Inc! _. 0I.1QIlS SoQns ... IWO ""'" Allow 2 w"", ... "'lMoy 

Third College Juniors 
ond Seniors ... 

It 's time to begin planning our 
June 1993 Commencement Ceremony. 

and drop off a copy of your schedule. 

CMS was pacedby Karen Marinko' s 
15 points. Colleen Tribby scored 14, 
while Cleveland added 13 for the 
Athenas. 

The Tritons travel to Azusa P-JCific 
University on Thursday to play the Ti· 
gers. Malone expects a challenge from 
the young Azusa Pacific club. "Last 
year we beat !hem by 15 or 20, !)ot [ 
expect that !hey will be a much bener 
learn this year," she said. 

Mail to: California Crazy Enterprises, Suite 126 

If you wish to pa rticipate in planning the day 's activities, stop 
by the Third (olege Dean 's Office BEFORE ~ 
YOU LEAVE fOR WINTER BREAK 

"Azusa PacifIC was down last year, 
but they always come back strong. I 
expect them 10 be preny tough," lhe 
coach added. 

47000 Warm Springs Blvd ., Freemont CA 94539·7467 

LJcsn 
eOOK ~TOH£ 

Now,:tha:t the quar-
;" er:is over. cash-in 

.'. \\("",,: ..;,' .;: .. ,:;',"; , ...... ;.p .. ,', .. ,' , 

< .,~ .,.~tOziritextbooks! 
' ".·~:;!:;0~'1) ring them to: 

,:,,"3lrUG.sO Bookstore 
PC Plaza tent & 
velie Sundry Store 
Mon.-F g-

Sat. 4 (tent only) 
De -12,1992 
info: 4·4557 

at 
UNDERGRADUATE LIBRARY 
Galbraith Hall, Revelle College 

(South Study Room Only) 

DECEMBER 4 11 
South Study Room Closes at 11:30pm 

re-opens ... 
-

12midnight to 3am 
Sponsored by Undergraduate Library, 

eso Program, and ASUeSD 

Thursday, December 3, )992 

UCSD Off to Fast Start 
RUCIIY: IXspite loss of AU-American Takeuchi, Tritons 
have a positive preseason, including a trip to Jamaica 
By Grecg WreM 
Sports Editor 

II was a busy fall quaner for the 
UCSD rugby learn. 

The team es-
caped the rigors of 
November in San 
Diego for five days 
by taking off for a 
tour of Jamaica be· 
forecoming back to 
host the AII·San 
DiegoRoundRobin 
Tournament on 

ov.21. 
But the season wasn'l entirely a 

wa1k on the beach. The Tritons lOS! All· 
American Derek Takeuchi to a broken 
neck during the third game of the season 
again t Loyola. The injury ended 
Takeuchi' career. 

Despite the injury. UCSD went on 
to win their next malch, whomping the 
Coronado Rugby Club, 57·19. 

"The tour went really well for us," 
learn member Elhriarn Brammer said 
Thetearn played once while in Jamaica, 
dropping u close 19-17 decision to the 
Janlaican National Junior squad 

The final evenl of the tearn' s pre-

season was the All-San Diego 10uma· 
menL 

Designed to produce a leaJll of 25 

lown rival, USD. 

players for an 
AII·Star team, 
the loumey was 
a round-robin af-
fair that saw the 
Triton! lose their 
fi.rst comest.. 14-
3. lO San Diego 

tale. 
UC D then 

faced off with 
anolher cros~-

It turned out to be a heartbreaker for 
the Tritoru., as the Torero scored with 
no time remaining to squeak pall with 
an 8-6 victory. 

"There were a 101 of po itives to !hi, 
preseason:' BrollTlmer said. ''We're reo 
ally looking forward to beginning league 
play." 

The regular season opens Jan. 16 
when UCLA comes down to visit 

UCSOretum 130fl5starter.,from 
last ye.1f'S 44 squad. "We'll have a 101 
of experience. so the outlook i, good," 
Brammer said. 

Tritons in the Driver's 
Seat as Fall Season Ends 
HOCKEY: UCSD at 3-1 on the season with convincing 
wins over Northridge and Whittier 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

After a 5·1 icing of Cal Stale 
onhridge on Nov. 21, the UCSD 

hockey team is already looking forward 
to 1993 and the second half of its season. 

The Tritons stand at 3-1 after !he fall 
campaign. with victories over Orange 
CoastColJege, WhinierandNorthridge. 
UCSD's only loss was at the hands of 
bitter rival San Diego State. 

The Tritons hil the road for Whinier 
on Nov. 13 to face the Poets, a ftr.il·year 
club. Despite their nickname, the Poets 
turned out to be spiriled challengers for 
·the Tritons, who prevailed, 74. 

UCSD got started quickly, scoring 
four times in the first period on goal by 
Leigh Hsu. Rhett Dadej. Chris Donneley 
and Elvin Vallero. The Tritons almost 
lost the lead as quickly as they got it, 
however, allowing Whittier to climb 
back into the game, 4-3. 

Jim McCleod scored !he Tritons' 
only second period goal, and then struck 
once more in the third. John Stein capped 
off Ihe UCSD bombardment. Eric 

Cranheim had three assists for the Tri-
tons. 

UCSO closed out the fall season 
with Northridge at the Sports Arena. 
The Matadors had played San Diego 
State, and it howed in their perfor· 
mance. 

UCSD skated to an easy 5·1 win 
behind two goals each from Vallero and 
John Kelly, while Dadej also picked up 
a score. 

"We weren't sure how good they'd 
be, bul by the third period, Ihey were 
pretty tired," UCSO's Chris Johnson 
said "We actually should have beaten 
them by more." 

The Tritons begin the new year with 
a Jan. I 0 visit to Cal Tech, always a 
tough game for UCSD. Other big games 
looming for the Trilons include USC, 
Pepperdineand the Mar. 2rematch with 
SDSU. 

"We have a lot oftalentthi yearand 
we can do a lot of damage," Johnson 
said. "We're ge«ing more confidence 
as we go along; we're starting to come 
logelher." 

IN THE 8' EACHERS 
c .. ,,..... ..... s.w-.1Ioc. 
.. _-

OK,OK!! 
CHILL ... 

c 
o 

T he UC D Guardian 

CHARGERS: 
The inside tory on 
what NFL sideline 
are really like 
ContInued from paee 16 
the masses along the sideline. 1 did 
nOlice someone with a camera worse 
than mine, but he was definitely over40 
so it was acceplable. 

While taking pictures of variou 
UCSD sports, I rarely wonied aboul 
being unable to avoid strJy players or 
balls. 

Football was defmitely a new expe· 
rience. I witnessed one Coli receiver 
slrunming inloa fleeing fl kofphotog. 
rJphers down the field, breaking a 
monopod in the p e.\.'>. 

The next Olarger drive brought reo 
ceiver Anthony Miller 10 the very spot 
on which I had been standingju t a split 
second before. Had I not choseto glance 
up from my camera to check if the 
quarterba k stiLi held onlo Ihe b:lIl. I 
would have been crushed. 

This rape with de.1thenhanced my 
awaren and I was easily able tododge 
another receiver and a defender lacer on 
in the game. 

Towarcb the end of the tllird quaner 
I was faced willl an imponant deci ·ion. 
I had only one roll offtlm and an entire 
quaner left ofplay.lalmoSi fehashamed 
for evenconsidering leaving when there 
were people in tile stands who JXIid 
$6.00 for parking ;Uld $28.00 for ~1t~. 
while I paid nothing. 

On the scoreboard the game was 
over. 1lle Chargers led 19..Q, and had 
held the COilS to juS! five yard~ of of-
fense. Lf I had stayed to the end of the 
game, I could have joined the Chargers 
in the locker room tOlalce picrures or ask 
question . Needless to say, r was bad. 
home before the fourth quaner ended 
and the Chargers had won Ihe game, 
26-0. 

The game. despile all of its negative 
aspects, was overall a po itive learning 
experience. r didn't get the spectacular 
shots I had hoped for. but then again 
neither did the six Union·Tribune and 
ws Angles Times photographers who 
were there, so I was in good company. 
Based on thi experience I discovered 
that being generally good-narured and 
kind are not characteristics of a photo-
joumalisL 

J guess I belter get out while I can. 

TIre G.w/Jillf sports seeD (In 
Wislles fIOu tmJ Vt1fIt'$ tire happiest 
(If MliMIJ seams, "'11$, we Ir""e 
that fIOU dcm~ cIrolce tIrI lJl1ur (intl(s 
or (Jet Jrunlc (1fI tI:/(I much UN MNJ 
tmd fll" t1Ut II IMJ story uJituloul or 
bacJc Wet IJl1W p«II' co&er spanie( 
RI!t.Itr UIitIr IJl1UI' WitIMlM,tI. 

By Steve Moore 

(ID\va I FREE 
~~" DOlEN 

7!owers cf: 9ijis 
Co ta Verde Cenler 
8750 Gen ee Ave. 

CARNATIONS 
SJn ou.:go, CA 91112 
558-6666 

" II Ii put, I, ... .,. , , >I ' HIIII""'" 
\111 \ "h.l" '11l.Hl\ ,ch,T .t! ln • "'1'( (xlit; ~r "orid Wick' 

ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDI's II. ~ Master Mec hanics ~. 
==== exclusively VW and AUDI ~ 

9870 Miramar Road • 480-9494 
Air & Waler Cooled · Maintenance Services ' Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines· Gas &0 Diesel · Eleclrical • Clutches' Brakes· Valves 

l.ansmSSIC)n rnpalrs 

loc:aed In the Autoport Mall · Miramar 
Nelli Door to Discount r.e 

EXPIRES AT THE ENOOF FALL SEMESTER 1m 

Per Couple 

5 DAYS 
4 NIGHTS 

to Public 
lImltedTlckets . 

Call 203/295·6101 
Mon. - Fri. 9:30-9:30 Sat 10-3 

E. F. Goodman Corpora/t Tou 
MArlbor~" Profmilnlll/ ( tllkr 

Mllrlbor~". cr 06 44 7 

While Supply 



12 CLA IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Euphort. BBSI Wlldclltl 11 confer-
ences, various downloadable files 
FREE 30 min. dally time. Modem: 
558-7104. (11/2-1/4193) 

PH'ARMACEUTICAL SA LES SEMI-
NAR, presented by an industry ex-
ecutive with 26 years pharmaceuti-
cal sales experience. This compre-
hensive seminar will teach you : how 
to gain entry Into pharmaceutical 
sales, create actionable resumes, 
how to interview, the structure of the 
pharmaceutical industry. 3-hour 
seminar includes Training Manual, 
Audio Casette Tape , Directory and 
Consultations. $95. Call early to re-
serve seating : 800-528-0844 . Thurs-
day, Dec. 3, Hilton Hotel, Mission 
Valley. 7 p.m . HP Henry & Assoc, 
(11/23·1213) 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
rece sion-bu ting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage, 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
Fairmal(s ..................... 222-0220 
La Sandale ................ ... 488-1 134 
UCSD EATS 
ars Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Domlno's ..................... 452-UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453-0286 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Aul0 ................ ... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert·s ..................... 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Cosla Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UeSD HAIR & BEAUTY 
We Care Hair ............. .. 587·CUn 
Young AHI1udes ............ 457 -3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 

UeSD HEALTH. FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
BeIOg FIt ................... 483-9294 
Family Planning . . .. 535-1379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455-0909 
Or. Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558-3600 
Dr. Richard 8arsan. DDS. 459-5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3990 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
Eyes 01 La Jolla .............. 597-2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455-5795 
ViSion Care ........ ........... 578-6796 
UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Baskel ............. .455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 
UeSD MUSIC II VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 
Video Gallery ............... 450-1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
CounCil Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD TESTING 
Hypertearning ............... 455-1 000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 
Princelon Review ......... 695-9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co . .... 452-BREW 
Del Mar Sluff Pizza ...... 481-STUFT 
Torrey's ........................ 587-1414 
Vo lleybar & Grill ........... 270-7860 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
Kinkos ........ .................. 457-3775 
Mailboxes. Etc. LJ Shores .. 454-8488 
Name of the Game IComlCS) 274-GAME 
SI. Germain's ............... 455-t414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to 1lte 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue,and3 p.m. MondayforThursday's issue. 111e Guardian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising including but not limited to co.mpanionship~. For more .inj0rrnan,0n 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress: UCSDGuardian,Attn:Classifieds,9500GtlmanDnve, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92(1)3-0316_ Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

SKYD IVE TODAY I with Skydiving AD-
VENTURES. Inc. $20 student diS-
count. 800-526-9682. (10/5-1213) 

DR . HOWARD ZINN, Lecture Thurs-
day. Dec. 10. 7:30 p.m., Mira Costa 
College Student Center. Wortd re-
nowned political theorist and author of 
A People's History of lhe U.S. will 
focus on the politics of history and the 
way thaI history has been manipu-
lated in political life. Hear about the 
dirty little secrets of Amencan history. 
(1213) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN-
SHIPS. Most positions filled by Nov. 
Gain val. expo managing 6-8 employ-
ees, customers, and suppliers. Avg. 
earnings 6-16.000+. Call ' University 
Painting Pros." Info/appl. Call 800-
525-5877. (9/21-1213) 

PAID MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIP. 
Gain marketing, sales, customer 
service, production, accounting 
with the longest proven track record. 
We guarantee $2,500 incompensation 
with vast opportunity for more. Call 
Student Works Painting (formerly 
Student Painters) . 1-800-394-6000. 
Limi ted positions available. (10112-21 
8/93) 

EARN EXTRA INCOME READING 
BOOKSI $100 or more per title . 
Amazing 24 hour recorded message 
reveals details. $30,000 per year 
income potenlial. Call (619) 595-3999. 
EXT: 057A (11 /16-1 /4/93) 

POSTAL JOBS A VAILABLEI Many 
positions. Great benelits. Call 1-800-
333-3737 ext. P-3387. (11116-117/93) 
PH A RM ACEUTICAL S A LES 
SEMINAR, presented by an industry 
execulive with 26 years 
pharmaceutical sales experience. This 
comprehensive seminar will teach you: 
how to gain entry into pharmaceutical 
sales, create actionable resumes, how 
to interview, the structure of the 
pharmaceutical industry. 3-hour 
seminar includes Trianing Manual, 
Audio Casette Tape. Directory and 
Consultations. $95. Call early to 
reserve seating : 800-528-0844 . 
Thursday, Dec. 3. Hilton Hotel, Mission 
Valley. 7 p.m. HP Henry & Assoc. (11 1 
23-1213) 

CHILD CARE PROVIDER NEEDED 
10-15 hrs'/wk. Experience/references 
required. 259-6907. (11130-1213) 

:. Athlet~ __ ~ 
~c;;; - Cyclery 
("r ,),------, 
, 't· TUNE-UP \~t \' SPECIAL I ~"i S1899 reg 335 : 
I '1-"IJ·''> ' ',.' .' ... ~ r.- ,,,",.,-. I 

"',1'1' • .'\ .. j ,'r,,' 

I .' .,', '. : . I". '.'" c " I 
L. ~.,~ ~ '~ ':' .:" ~ .J 
SJlcs . Acrrssonrs . Rro.l r s 

J ~Jr ~,.r'""",).-, :. ,.' ='-. 
; ;"j,+' l,l n . Ibf"·. l;I,': I 
~ .. li.''- ',:)(n (j,! " " 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT 
- fisheries. Earn $600+l week In 
canneries or $4 ,OOO+/month on fishing 
boats. Free transportation I Room & 
Boardl Over 8 ,000 openings. No 
experience necessary. Male or 
Female. Get a head start on the 
summer. For employment program 
call 1-206-545-4155 ext. A5976. (1 11 
30-1213) 

FIFTH COLLEGE STUDENTS : 
Planning to apply for an RA position? 
An Orientation Leader position? Or, 
just want to enhance your leadership 
skills? The Fifth College Leadership 
Series wil benefit you . WinterQuaner. 
Tuesdays noon-l :30 p.m. beginning 
Jan. 5. Umited spaces . .. reserve your 
seat by Dec. l0at Fifth College Dean's 
Office (Bldg. MAAC 412). Questions? 
Call Sarita Maybin-Anderson, Ass!. 
Dean. Fifth College. 534-2237. (11 1 
30-1213) 

Resident Advisors wanted for FIFTH 
COLLEGE 1993-941 Pick up a referral 
form and an application at Career 
Services before break. Due Jan. 15, 
1993. (11 /30-1213) 

X-MAS help needed I Local studentsl 
Local firm has 20 PTIFT openings. 
Apply now, start after finals. $8.75 to 
start . No expo nec. Brief training 
provided. Can remain part time ned 
quarter. call 495-2577. (11130-1213) 

XMAS MONEY? Part time hours -
full time pay. $1 Olhr. GUARANTEEDII 

Cash paid daily - most make $20/hr. 
We work eves. 5-9. Sat. 11 -5 (outside). 
You choose days - casual dress and 
attitude - check it out. JUST DO ITII 
1-800-998-2886. (1213-1 /4) 

WANTED: Responsible, organized 
individual for clerical, bookkeeping, 
billing. 6 hours/week. $8 hr. Or. Price, 
435-0280. (1213) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bari - Electrologist 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. Student discounts. 3788 
Elliott SI. 226-1962. (9121-1213) 

VlOinlVlolalessons. Youoryourchild(ren) 
can learn from an experienced, profes-
sional teacher. Now accepting students 
- all ages and levels welcomel Call 
Conrad: 466-0525. (9121-1213) 

PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95 while you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near St. Germain's 
452-9949. (10/12-12/3) 

Pass or don t pa~ 1 

SMOG 
CHECK $15.99* 

plus $7.00 state cert. 
TUNE UP* 
4-cyl. $25.99 
Brakes Speclal* $60 
IncIucIH new pads or shoes. 
resurfaCe IOt()(5 or drums. 
check hydraulIC system. road test . 
12 mo./12.000 mile warranty 
• moslC¥S 

caD Auto Care 
Mon . .f"II. 7 .,.. pm, s.t. 8-5 
6660 M~ Rd., sutte C 

(bIIIInd 8oocIyNf) 
Sen DIep, CA .2121 
(81')518-2438 

QUALlTYBARBERINGIlLaJoliaBar-
ber Shop, Quality Barber, Hair Cuts. 
sa. 7760 Faye Ave., Suite F, 459-
5792. (10/29-1213) 

EDITORIAL - To help organize your 
writing. Marginal commentslfinal cop-
Ies. DegreeinEngtlsh.Joan56Q-1631 . 
(tll2 -1/4/93) 

Do you need an on-campus notary 
public?" so, call587-7911 . (1112-6131 
93) 

Word ProcessinglTyping: AcademiC 
manuscripts, papers, theses, books, 
letters. applicalions. Accurate/ Fast 
service. Mary Ann 452-9439. (11 /5-
1213) 

Editing: proofreading, comments . Tu-
toring : writing , math, English . Test 
preparation. Experienced, reasonable. 
Call 294-4860/584-4708 . (11/12-121 
3) 

WORD PROCESSING - papers, 
resumes, etc. Laser printing. Rush 
service available. From $1 .50/page . 
Sharon 481-7604. (11/23-1213) 

FREE Avon sample and mail order cata-
Ioguelll Send SASE to Jennifer, PO Box 
60604 . SO 92166. (11123-1/4193) 

LA JOLLA TAN - Attention UCSD stu-
dentsilLaJoiIa Tan is 1 mile from UCSD 
in the Renaissance Ctr. near Rubio's 
FISh Tacos. GRAND OPENING SPE-
CIAL - 2 people tan for the price of 11 
See our ad in this issue orcaH 622-1122. 
Thafs LA JOLLA TAN. (11130-1/4193) 

RESUMES: Filld it hard to writa? Let exp&-
rierced, creative professional wri1er make 
iteasierand providedirection. Experienced 
v.ith student resumes. Excellence at rea-
sonable rates. Mary Kennedy, by cwotnt-
men!, 283-4159. (11/30-12/.3) 

REAL ESTA TE-Whyrentwhenyoucan 
buy? Please cal Dan Keyes at Century 21 
ViIage for your guide to txJying and seling 
real esIate. 455-677Q1982-8993. (1213) 

WANTED 
Do you hear colors or see sounds 
(SYNESTHESIA)? Contact 
Neuropsychology Lab, UCSD to vol-
unteer (534-6240). (11/19-1213) 

WANTED: ENGLISH TUTOR for for-
eign students. Need intensive work 
on accent and conversational skill. 
Jan.-March, many hours/day. Please 
call Lee, 587-0909. (12/3) 

Participants Needed 
for Sperm Donor 

Program 
The Fertilily Center of 

Scripps Clinic needs healthy_ 
male college graduates 

21-40 years old for their 
Spenn Donor Program. 

For more infonnation, 
call (619)554-9781 

Monday-Friday. 

~ SCRIPPS CLINIC I!::!J I'H) RESEARCH F().NlI\TK)N 

T hursday, December 3,1992 

BASSISTWANTED: Can you groove? 
Are you into funky, slappin', groovin' 
bass Woes that make people get up 
and boogie? Influences: funk. rock. 
reggae and more. Vocals a plus . 552-
8771 . (11123-1213) 

Bass player/singer needed for regres-
sive 70s garage band. Love of wea-
sels a plus. Originals and covers. Sab-
bathlZep influence. Contact Tony at 
452-3236, or Ben at 586-1751. (1213) 

Happy couple looking for baby in a 
private adoption . Loving home. Call 
eves. 944-6039. (1213-1/11/93) 

Models. actresses for videos in Mira 
Mesa and more. Must be dependable. 
2114-5095. (1213-1/4193) 

, FOR SALE 
Futon + frame $99 unused. Full mat 
set $75. Sofa and loveseat still in 
plastic $285. Can deliver. 222-4771 . 
(10/19-1213) 

FORD MUSTANG 1981 Blue 2 door 
coupe. Automatic, sunroof. Good con-
dition. $1745 or best. 455-9682. (11 1 
19-12/3) 

MACINTOSH COM PUTER with 20 
Megabyte hard drive, printer, all utili-
ties and manuals , Macpaint , 
Hypercard, Wordperlect and other pro-
grams. In excellent condition. $850 
obo. Call Chris 278-1977 (leave mes-
sage) . (11 /19-1213) 

SCOOTER, 1986 Honda Elite 150, 
low miles, looks good, runs well. $8001 
best. 490-1147. (11/19-117193) 

EXCELLENT TOYOTA CELlCA, re-
built engine + clutch. Safety check & 
smogged. $1 .500. Lloyd, 695-2786 or 
44734. (11/30-1213) 

Black lacquer 9-drawer dresser wI 
gold handles. Circular mirror. Excel-
lent condition . Must sell . $45. 549-
7934. (11/30-1213) 

MOVING SALE: 1983 Honda Accord. 
excellent cond., $2,000. Desk chair, 
$30. Mattress + box spring $100. 
Please call 481-6034. (11 /30-12/3) 

WETSUIT 3 mo. old Billabong full, M. 
X-lent condition. Call Jason 265-8089. 
(11/30-1213) 

Snowboard - new Burb1 Air-6. used 4 
times, perfect ooncition. Paid $460, asking 
$32Iobo.1saac47Q-7840. (11/3Q-1213) 

MEN'S UNIVEGA 25" racing bicycle, 
pump and u-Iock. Good condition $365 
obo. Call James 622-9619. (11/30-
1213) 

SMITH-COAONA Personal Word Pro-
cessor, ex. condition. Paid$500. Yours 
for $200. Simon 792-7089. (11 /30-121 
3) 

Drawing table. Adjustable height and 
angle. 48" X 36", $100 obo. Call TIm 
587-2752,673-2161 x3012. (1213) 

Speaker stands , 4 pairs, barely used, 
$15-25; TV-VCR stand, barely used, 
$40. 270-2517. (1213) 

Women's 160 downhill skis, poles , 
7.5 Hansen boots. $25. 552-0849. 
(12/3) 

VCI 
REPAIRS 
done in your home by 

experienced state-
registered technician. 

Also video cameras and 
slereos. Call for same 

day appointment. 

VIDEO 
CLINIC 

452·8490 

1'hul' day, December 3, 1992 

PowerBook 140. 4 meg RAM , 40 meg 
internal. Software , access6rles. 
$1 .6001 Phillip at 457-1131 . (1213) 

Black leather Guess shoe boots. 
Slightly used, size 8 1/2. $70. Nancy. 
726-0455. (1213) 
Full-length winter wet suit for sale. 
Used 3 times. Size medium-long. 
Brian, 622-1669. (1213) 

FREE COUCH. Just take it away. Call 
755-5824. (1213) 

1985 Honda Elite '50 scooter, cheap 
dependable transportation. great con-
dition. moving must sell . $525, 535-
0917 . (1213) 
SURFBOARD for sale. 6'1 0" Thruster, 
rounded pin. Perfect for Black's. 
Charlie. 755-1383. (1213) 

1981 Datsun200SX, 5spd .. air. e~cel­
lent condition, must sell by Dec. 12. 
$1 ,000 obo. Call 558-3772. (1213) 

BURTON SNOWBOARD for sale, Sa-
fari Comp I wlbindings. ln great condi-
tion. $200. Call Suzanne 458-4262. 
(1213) 

DOUBLE BED - for sale. $50. 483-
7877. (1213) 

HOUSING 
1 bedroom for rent in Clairemont. $2321 
month + 1/4 utilities. Call Veodla or 
Karen . 541 -2073 (11 /16-1213) 

Your own room: $300lmonth + 113 
utilities in Clairemont. Randy, 275-
4289. (11/19-1/4/93) 

Share a room in a 2 story, 211 /2 bath 
town house near 34A busllne and 
between UTC & Vons. $281 50 + 1/4 
util. Includes balcony , patio. wId + 
pool. Kathy, 457-013 1. (1 1/19-1213) 
3 BR townhouse near UCSD. Sunny, 
quiet, pool, refrigerator, washer/dryer. 
Available now. $1080/month. Nina. 
792-6453. (11 /19-1213) 

La Jolla. Large masterwlBA fu rnished. 
Near campus. M/F. Sublet Dec.-April 
(negotiable) , $385/mo., $375/dep. 
457-9710. (11 /23-1213) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $295. Woman 
needed for own room in nice 4-BR 
house. Patio, piano, cable TV, washerl 
dryer. 12 minuted to UCSD. No smok-
ers/pets/drugs. Call Markor Mari, 534-
2391 or 534-3383 (message). (11 /23-
12/3) 

ROOM FOR RENT. Convenient loca-
tion in Clairemont. $260/mo . + utili -
ties . Pool , no pets. Call 569-0430. (11 1 
30-12/3) 

FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED: UC 
condo. $310 + 1/4, own room , laun-
dry, cable. Available 12118. Call 458-
0032. (11130-12/3) 

La Jolla. Own room, share bath . Mel-
low group house, 3 blocks to beach, 
roof deck with ocean view. Washerl 
dryer. 2 blocks to bus, walk to shops, 
restaurants . $3721month + utilities. 
Available 12115192.551-074gevening. 
(Jen). (11/30-12/3) 

SHARE 1 BR apt. PB . Noisy , con-
fUSing , dare-devil trajectories. Call 
eves. 273-8641 . $250 /mo. (11 130-
12/3) 

Rooms for rent - new 3 bedroom 
condo . $385-400 / mo . and 1/3 
utilties. Off La Jolla Village Drive 
& Regents Road . near UCSD and 
UTC . Call Robert 558-2404 or 
538-6556 after 5 p .m . (11/30-121 
3) 
Single room. share bath, walk 10 UTC, 
minutes from UCSD. $300 + 1/3 utili -
ties. 452-6440. (1213) 

Room for rent: $295 + 1/5 utilities. 
UniverSity City available 12115. Call 
558-8839. (1213) 

La Jolla. Own bed/bathroom. Walk 
to school, shopping . Utilities in-
cluded . 1st, last, deposit. 497-5968. 
(1213) 

Roommate wanted for 3BR house in 
Solana Beach. $4OOImo. Large room, 
house fumished. private bath, balcony. 
Call Laura weekdays atter 6 p.m., all day 
on weekends at 481 -8934. (1213) 

Are you ready to finally get the most 
for your rent money? Come and see 
our place and you 'lI know what we're 
talking about. Furnished townhouse 
with all new carpet. new appliances, 
new washer and dryer, fireplace, pool 
and jacuzzi in complex. Two single 
rooms available at approx. $350 each 
or one double for 2 to share at $300 
each. Call 455-7288. (1213) 

How will you explain to your parents why 
your new place is nicer than theirs? Two 
Singles or one double available in 
townhouse, extremely close to campus. 
Call 455-7288. (1213) 

Roommate wanted: 5 min. from UCSD. 
Own BR & BA. Security bldg .. under-
ground parking;wash/dry in apt. ; pool ; 
jacuzzi; aerobics. No smokers. $3751 
mo. Sarah, 558-8732 or leave mes-
sage. Avail. 1211 1. (1213) 

La Jolla Village Dr. south of Mesa 
Apts. - Mature. responsible room-
mate wanted to share a tri-Ievel condo 
in the LJ Village TenniS Club. Non-
smoking male 21 -25 preferred, own 
room . furnished or unfurnished avail-
able. Share bath with one other. Com-
mon areas furnished. $365/$380 a 
month. Also has garage and washerl 
dryer. Pool and tennis courts in com-
mon grounds. On bus route to UCSD 
or 5 minute drive. Jesse - 455-1708. 
(12/3) 

Room for Rent: Large room in com-
plex close to campus, bus line and 
Von's . Great facilities ! Washerldryer 
- available Jan. 1 th rough March 31 
(a t least).$350/month. Call 587-1413. 
(12/3) 

Room lorrent. Del Mar - own room I 
share bath . ASAPI Charlie, 755-1383. 
(12/3) 

PLAYMOR COND05 min. form UCSD 
3 BR , 2.5 BA. All appliances. pool, 
fireplace, $1.150/mo. 693-8259. (t21 
3) 

La Jolla/UCSD. 2 SR. 2.5BAcondo, 2 
car garage, balcony, tennis, all ameni-
ties . $1 ,150. 455-6030. (1213-114/93) 

Room lor rent in a condo with beach 
access, pool , spa , tennis courts, wId, 
and more. $340 a month plus 1/3 
utilities. Available now. Ask for Eileen. 
558-7855. (12/3) 

LA COSTA fem . roommate wanted. 
Quiet. no smkldrgs. Share 2BAl2BA 
$370/mo. + 1/2 utils. Call 943-0901. 
(1213) 

PERSONALS 
STUDENTS ... Need to lose weight 
but you have a busy class schedule 
and limited funds? Call CADUCEUS 
INTERNATIONAl. 554-1320. (11 /12-
12/3) 

ERIC M . - Dracula was a blast and I 
am positive Mina will be just fine. So 
don't worry. Let's do it again soon, 
OK? - The McDonald's Lady. (111 
30-12/3) 

The Student Environmental Action 
Coalition is starting an on-campus en-
vironmental publication . If you want to 
write, illustrate, layout, or just help 
with ' production , leave your name, 
phone number and what you want to 
do for the paper at the SEAC office, 
Student Center above Soft Reserves. 
Get involvedl (1213) 

Alpha Omicron Pi congratulates the 
Fall Pledge Class on their initiation. 
Roses, Your Sisters. (1213) 

Bloomies Florisl & Flower Market. On-
campusl Price Center Plaza. Open 
Monday through Saturday. 453-0880. 
(1213) 

Resident Advisors wanted for FIFTH 
COLLEGE 1993-941 Pick up a referral 
form and an application at Career 
Services before break. Due Jan. 15, 
1993 . (l1 /30-1213) 

The UC I) G UUI'd ian 

AND 
Get Your FREE 

personals Ad today! 
Yes, 
you (an make 
lhol po<sanaI 
(anneclian all 
yeo, ',ound 

laolc I .. OUI new 
Campus IItrlOfl 
ok ,n Ihe POlitI 

Order your 
FREEean.us 

Comection ail now! 
Check one category for your ad: 
o Women seeking men 
o Men seeking women 
o Men seeking men 
o Women seeking women 
o Study partners 
o Rentals/Roommates/ 

Ridesharing/Carpooling 
o General shored 

interest/Friendship 
o TIckets bought/sold, 

Fantasy trips 

--------

: Complete this to; iii: 
I Write YOU' ad, .... _d po< square 1hen.1mg j 
I Ia!he "'"' .. mail ~ 10' ~ (omed!on. 

JOIIrw.mend St. Soo flilma. CA 94107 Or DiIf 

: 1·800-934·7652 
en! ode lor cathy 10 place your ad. 

I (AI~"' I~ ,.""' .... ...,"'"IOI t ... 
I - ....... N.,..IIN ..... ft\ .... """'- •• ",r.. w .. 01..... ... ...... _ ... " .. M"''''.'' 
1....--___ -....,......-..., 
I I '----I----+-~ 
I '----I----+-----l 

Calegory: 
Name: _______ _ 

Address: _______ _ 

City & Zip: ______ _ 

Phone Number: _____ _ 

L ________ .I 

• 8 Wolff Beds 
• 2 Facial Tanners 622·1122 
• Brand New Bulbs 
• 25 Minute Sessions OPEN 7 DAYS 

In - - - - - ~ STUOE~i~IAL ~ -8- ON-E MONTH~ Buy 5 TANS, I uy 
I a friend gets I unlimited ... o friend gets I 

: 5 FREE TANS : FREE MONTH : 
L UNLIMITED TANS 

--------- --------

GOOD QUALITY PERSONAL TRA NSPOR TA TlON SERVICES 

MAKE AIRPORT SHUTTLE 
RESERVATIONS NOW! 

565-4915 
SPECIAL STUDENTS I RATE 

$10.00 
(From Campus) 

STUDENT CONTACT LENS SPECiAl 
SEAIRS UTe 

• 

mENDEDSl &9°°. S9900 DAILY WEAR WEAR 
son CONTACTS son CONTACTS 

Durasoft 021'4 Durasofl03X4 

25% OFF ACUWE s 19900· 
FRAMES l LENSES DISPOSABLE 

COMPLOE CONTACTS 
-lIIrl,ul,-.. : r \ ,-"\ilIIIIIH., t"n . .... !Mhu-t 1"1111 fillin,:. rull.,,, .u,, \'~'I. lralllinj: & ra n ' ~il " "."IIIllIIn ... 

0((,:1' filii ~IH~I ~ul" an~ 11,111'1' "IH'I·illl. 

455·5795 or For appointments or information 
call the Optica l Department at 622·9365 



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, December 3,1992 

THE FALL IN PHOTOS 

Jeff Klein takes out an opponent 
with a vicious slide taclde. The 
defending national champion 
Tritons couldn't continue that 
success as UCSD strug&led 
durine the middle part of Ib 
schedule. A late spurt Includlne 
an Inspired season-endlnc ().G 
tie with Cal Stat. Loe Anle!es 
wasn't 8IIOUIh to propel the 8-6-
4 Trttons Into the playoffs. 

JfIff Hel'l'lllfldez (51) and Mark 
Churl (48) helped lead the 
UCSO croas country t.am to Its 
best finish ever at the NCAA 
meet. The men's team took 
eIIIIrth pIKe willie the women 
also broke the top 10, ........ 
10th. Freshman J.J. Castner 
w_ the top finisher for the men 
at the NCAA FInal, while VIvIana 
Reza paced the Trtton women. 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 

OM t.lcDoweIi/Guatrjan 

Jennifer Croas (above) goes for 
the Ida aplnst cal State San 
BemanIno. ero. and 
t ......... a..n Kranz (left) 
and Jennifer Elbert (rIIht) 
helped take UCSD to their 10th 
final Feu In 12 yean. The 
Trttons I'NChecI the title game 
where they met nemesis 
Washington University of St. 
louis for the championship. 
UCSD lost the match, but 88 
Head Coach DouI Dannevlk 
said, "We don't look at It 88 a 
loss In the title ..... i we see It 
as second place ... the country." 

Thursday, December 3 , 1992 The UC D Guardian 

NAIL SPECIALS J J I~ 
ACRYLIC $18 99 ) NAILS Reg. $35 • 
Tip Overlay Reg. $45 $24.95 

L ____ --.I 

Fills $12 Reg, $15 · New Clients only 
Fiberglass Nails with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 

Manicures & Pedicures $15.95 
Waxing Starting at $3 

Manicures $6 • Facials $25 Reg. $35 

1taiU 4 p~ MEN AND WOMEN 
8U55 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 

next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 
NOI valKj Wltn any OUler oHers fMPlreS 12/ 17192 

&~@'!JAM 
. _ . ---- .i-.. ------ _ _ I ICE SKATING -- - I 
--- - -

Marcello Glullanottl (right) and 
Kevin Vance (below) led UCSO 
to a WWPA championship and a 
sixth place finish at the NCAA 
tournament and and number 
eight ranldng at the end of the 
season. Both marks match 
UCSO'. beat finishes ever. 

Dan McDowell/GuardJan 

Heather Sears (above) 
scores during the'Trltons' 
3-2 win over Cal Lutheran In 
the West Regional Anals. 
That win propelled UCSO to 
the Final Four where they 
lost 43 on penalty kicks to 
eventual champion Cortland 
State. Katy Oulock (left) 
leaves two POflMMIa-Pitzer 

Dan McDoweli/ GuardJa<! opponents In the dust. 

• 

Cnuck Ngl/Yen/Guarclian 

I 

All 921s on SALE! 
.-.J FUd I & RALEIGH 

1 5 % 0 F F limited Stock so don It hesitate 
~ Giro Hammerheads $S9.9S 
• The Cool Tool $24.9S 
• Bike lights from S 10 

~Jb 
UiiD 

In the Student Center • 0 en 10 - 5 Mon· Fri 

lT DOES T TAl\E A BRA1N SURGEO TO 

ACE THE MeAT 
IT TAKE A PRINCETON REVIEW , TUDENT 

A\'erage score illo'('{{se of -to jN/H'lIlife jJoillls 
Actual .1JC.J T IIlll/erials 
:'\0 more tl1:111 15 Sli/(/('IIIS jJer cI(/ss 
2 FIII/ lellglll Diagll()~tic Tl'sts 
2 Ha(/lel/glll Diagnostic Tests 
8-lI'eek wl/ljJrehe/lsi/'c re/'iel/' or :tJl t hl' facts you·" 

need to an: thl' l\]CAT 

THE 
PRINCETON 
REVIEW 

695-9952 
THE PRINCETON REVIEW-WE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME 



DAN 

MI:DOIHEU 
Photojournalism: 
A Crash Course 

Lt;,t month J W:J.l> given the 
opportUnity to photogrJph the 
Charge", playing the CoIL .. at JJC!.. 
Murphy Stadium. ot belOg much of a 
looloall fJJl. f almo~t decided not to 
wkc .ldv,ull.lge of Ihe offer. I cho:.c 10 
J((cnll Ihe g;une tor \CverJl fe;Lo,on\. It 
\Hll1ld he (I photogrJphic challenge thai 
I pmh.lbly wouldn' l have :10 opportu-
nily 10 n:pe.lt 10 Ihe ncar funln:. 

It .lClUally wa., nOlthe fjl>1 Ch:lllCC I 
had, COIllll1g from a GuardlClII 
.l'~ lgnment. I wa., 111 routc 10 the 
' (oidium ",hen '>'.Imc fool del:Kied to 
tum dlrCl.lly In fmlll of me. I , welved 
,lOd "cnt offthc roall. only to find my 
car :uld my~lf ,tuck 011 the ~ide on Ihe 
road unlil well into lhe ~OIld half of 
lhe gJlllC. 

Trulh i~. I ~pcnt my childhood 
folio" ing San Diego ~POlb a1ld tllC 
Chargel1> have ju.'>! been my team (in 
an emotional \Cn.<.£!, of cour;e), My dad 
look me on a ' pecial occL,ion of ;ome 
\On 10 'ICe [he Charger\ go head to 
head \\ ilh the Buffalo Bilh 10 ycal"\ 
"t'o: Ihey 10,1. inc..: Ihen. I've walched 
.1 g.UlIC IlCre amltllCre and followed 
thcil \iIfIOU' khlllg 'tn:a!.._, illlh.: 
PJIx:r 

l';lIercd meal" av.lllahk 10 the 
pre" pnor 10 I p.m. game timc, but 
r...'Call\C I decided to ,Ieep 10 that day [ 
llli\\Cd it and tllC lickoff. When [ 

Ic.ldl~d the tield ,loom three I11II1Ut.:, 
illtotlx: g,U1lC. I \\iL' o\'ef\\ hdm~'tI 11} 
the number of J1<!opk in the ~t,U1d,. 
111': ' t.l(hum '\.1., on[y half full hut the 
numocr \I.l' ,till ,Ill e,till1ated I<X) 
time, greater th.ln ,my UC D or high 
\Choo[ evenl th.lt [ hJd ~hOl before. 

tter tllC confll;. iOlI wore otT, I 
hCi.ldcd to the ,kiehne, to Jom the r.uW. 
of ,omc 50 OIher phot grJphel1>. I 
,utCl11pted to find ~OIllCOnc I had mct at 
one of lhe I;trgcr even!.'. I had ~hOl for 
thc CUlmljull . or mlea.\t someone I 
lllCW of to talk to. and J1<!rha~ gain a 
pointer or two. Amid the unfamiliar 
face, I found a COll11ll0l1 Hnituck.'-go 
0\1'(/\' kid, .1'01/ horher IIII'. I was tllC 

yOll ng~t of the group by a con~ider­
able margin and the four phOtogrJ-

phe~ [ tried 10 stan convel~'1ti ns WiLh 
didn'l n:.lily ",ru1l to have ,Ulything to 
do wllh me. Several tim~ during tlle 
game [ found one of the other older 
Illale photOgr.lphe~ (there was a ~ingle 
tem,lle phOlograp[lCr) ~tepping or 
kaning in front of me and bl 'king tllC 
clear shot [ had a monlCnt before. 

[ blrune their rudcn~ on l11y~lf. I 
W;l\ the ine:>.perienced phOiographer 
Impeding 011 their tenitory. I stuck Ollt 
like a sore thumb with my abundance of 
hair (compared to the other receding hair 
line.,j'Uld mycamerJ. The quality of my 
C,trnera equipment is by no means lack-
ing when C0I11Pareci to me cameras ofthe 
entire world, but from this photo-jollf-
naJistic standpoint [ W:J.l> but a mere babe. 
The , t:Uld:lfd equipment of tllC Ullioll-
Trrhl/l/{, and Los Angles Times alone 
dwarfed my feeble anempts to blend into 

See CHARGERS, Page 11 

The C 0 Cuardian Thur day, Dc('emb"r 3, 1992 

J 

Jason Rncnle/Guaralan 
Sara Mease and the Tritons had little difficulty breakIng the CMS pt'es5 as UCSD cruised to a 77~1 victory on Tuesday nIght. 

UCSDGets on 
WOMEN'S BASKE1BALL: Triton 
d minale from tart to fini h to 
pummel Athenas, 77-61; Scholl leads 
team witl1 26 points and 22 rebounds 
to boo t UCSD to a 3 I-point lead 
By Art Root 
ASSOCiate Sports EdllOr 

The CSD \~omen . ~ basketball 
tcam, leading at one point by as 
many as 31 poinlS. C<XL,ted to a 
77-61 victory over the visiting 
Claremon t-Mudd - cripp 

thenas last Tuesday. 
The Tritons pounced on lhe 

Athenas, rJ ing to all early 1~-4 
lead in the garne'~ opening five 
minutes. UC D's run-and-gun 
offen~ had no trouble breaking the pi " . pushing the 
ball up the floor for e.'t;,y !xt>kets in the paint by senior 
Erica holl and wphornore Tanli Ovian. 

After a 6-2 pllrt by CMS cut UCSD's [e<1d to 16-
[0. the Tritons caught fire once again. UCSD began LO 
bre;.1.k down the CMS offense, forcing several poor 
shots by the Athenas. With 4:28 remaining in the first 
halt Sam Mease dribbled the length of the court, 
pulled up and buried a nifty 12-fOOl jumper, giving the 
Tritons a 36-[ lead 

UCSD stretched its lead to 20 when Michelle 
Henricks converted a CM ntrnover into an ea.~y 
basket with 3: [9 remaining. 

Everything went right for the Tritoo in the fiJ'Sl 
h.1.If. When CMS employed a half-<:OlIn trap. UCSD 
managed to push the ball up the floor to holl or 
Oviatt for easy shots in the paint When CMS sagged 
into a 3-2 zone defense. the Triton worked the b.11l 

Jason R~chle/Guart1'an 
Erica Scholl towered over her CMS 
opponents on the way to scoring 26 points. 

around t he perimeter um i I they found an open hot. 
"We found Lheirdefense to be pretty lax," UCSD Head 
Coach Judy Malone said of the Athenas. "We really 
expected them LO be bener than they ~re." 

The unse[flsh. aggressive play on offense and 
defense proved to be a lethal concoction. as the Tritons 
took a 46-22 halftime lead. 

"We were very focused in the first half." Malone 
said. "We were crashing the boards and hitting our 
shoo. We took themOlit of their offense, forcing them 
into some b..1d shots and bad passes," she added. 

UCSD shOt 58 percem from the fl r in the first 
half, making 2 [of36 hotS, while holding CMS to just 

See W. HOOPS, Page 10 

111e Week Aheacl 

WHAT'S INSIDE: 
RUGBY: The Tritons had a 
successful preseason despite 

losing returning AU-American 
Derek Takeuchi to a broken neck. 

PajeU 

1HE FAlLIN PHOTOS: The 
Guardiall takes a look back at this 
quarter's leUar sports successes. 

Page 14 

Oan McDoweli/ Gua-d,,.., 

The Headline Matchup: Swimming and diving at the Speedo Collegiate Cup, Thursday..saturday, Long Beach. The Tritons' ftrst big test, this meet 
should give the team a definite feel for how far along It Is. 

Other Garr.es: Women's basketball VS. Southem California College, Saturday at 7 p.m., Main Gym. Men 's basketball at the Redlands Tournament, Thursday-Saturday. 

UCSD GUARDIAN • ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT • December 3, 1992 

DommlC Lobblai Guardian 

Steeper and Deeper 
Warren Miller 's latest ski fIlm shows extreme side of changing sport 

By Jeff Nlese[ 
Hiatus Editor 

Warren Miller's ski films are comparable to the 
surfing documentary The Elldless Summer. While the 
goal in The Endless Slimmer i to find the perfect 
wave, Miller's goal is to find the perfect slope - or at 
lea t one that plummet at the steepest angles. Miller's 
late t ski film, Steeper and Deeper, which shows Dec. 
7 and 8 at 7 and 9:30 p.m. in the Museum of Contem-
porary Art in downtown La Jo[1a, anempts to keep up 
with the current infatuation with extreme spons. The 
photogmphy and talented skiing and snowboarding 
make the film an exciting and flashy feature. 

The film opens with skiers being unloaded from a 

helicopter onto two glaciers with a ven ical mile drop. 
The inten ity of extreme kiing IS vividly caplUrcd as 
kiers bounce, glide and tumble their way down the 

powdered slope . Thi is Miller's 43rd ski film, and he 
recognizes the changing social and political climate by 
including segments on women and handicapped skiers. 

Before filming Lyme Weiland and Wendy 
Brookbank 's run, Miller jokes, "When you spot 
attractive ladies at the top of Blackcomb, don 't be 
macho and offer to help them down. If anyone needs 
help kiing with them ... it'll be you," The women prove 
that extreme spons don't just appeal to what is u ually 
considered a masculine sense of adventure. 

The handicapped skiers also show their own indi-

vidual style, which are all the more impre~'lve given 
their difficultie-. Miller's sense of humor (he cmck~ a 
joke about how one skier lost his artificial hand during 
a race) is particularly dry throughout the fi[m and ~ome 
of the tongue-in-cheek episodes are not very funny. 

The footage of people sliding down Mt. Baldy on 
innenubes is accompallied by Miller's almost morbid 
commeOlary as he jokes about I inle kids getting 
squashed to pancakes by their parent and chuckles as 
one kid run into a tree stump. The chairlift scenes are 
actually quite amusing, as skiers stumble off the lift 
despite assistance fr m their partners. It I~ bound to 
bring back memories for first-time ~ kiers. 

See DEEPER, Page H5 

BOOK ARTISTS GHLLERY REVIEW U3 LHHGO DESOLRTO THERJER R[VIEW U4 



m ATU 2 The UCSD Guardian Thursday, Dec-ember 3, 1992 

U PC 0 Mil G 
macldrars Theatre: Oscar 
Wilde 's satin! wrhe Importance 
of Being Earnest" runs through 
Dec. 13 with penomlances Thurs-
days through Saturday, at 8 p.m. 
and Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. 
T ickets range from S IO ta S 18. 
Info: 232-4088. 

T 0 DRY 
CooIWorld.lheanimaledfi lm 
which fealure Ihe voice of Kim 
Bru.i nger, ~hows at the Price 

enrer Thealer at 6:30. 9 and 
I I :30 p.m. Tickels are $2. The 
film a lso show~ on Friday. In fo: 
534-4090. 

The UCSD Singers. COI1-
du led by Phil Lars 11, perfonn 
at 8 p.m. in Mandeville Audilo-
rium. Admis~ ion for students is 
3. Info: 534-4830. 

fRIDRY 
The Cows play wi th Rockel 
From Ihe CryPI and Ihe Neph-
ewsat lub!l60in Paci fi c Beach 
at 8:30 p.m. Ticket\ arc 8.9 1 in 
advance. In fo : 272- 15 13. 

Edward Jame\ Olmo~ direct\ 
and stars in American Me. ~I 
fi lm about Lalino gang' in En ... t 
Los Angeles. The movie ~how, 
31 7 p.m. 111 room 107 of Solis 
Leclure Iiall at 7 p.m. 

Comedian Steven Wright 
perfullll ... al 111· . preckel, The 
titre downlO'Wn at 8 p.m. Info: 
nll-T IX . 

Robert Ze lic kma n will pre 
lIlierea ... thedilectorot I) .... 

Wind Ensemble at 8 p.m. in the 
Mandeville enter for the Arts. 
Tickets are 3 forstudenl~ . l nfo: 
534-5404. 

Jazz Unlimited Dance 
Company present "Jazz Cho-
reographers Showcase" in the 
La Jolla Festival Studio in down-
t wn La Jolla at 8 p.m. Tickets 
for ~tudents are $ 10. Perfor-
man es continue aturday and 
Sunday. In~ : 456- 733. 

Felice Picano wi ll read and 
,ign her book TIt(' ell' Joy of 
Gc/\'Se,1 atlhe Blue Door Book-

~ Iore in Hillcrest at 7:30 p.m. 
J\dmi""on i~ free. Info: 298-
S610. 

SRTURDRY 
The Cleveland Brass Quin-
tet will perfonn wi lh Ihe La 
Jolla Symphony al 8 p.m. in 
Mande Ille udilOrllllll. hml-
mas music by Vivaldi. Bach and 
Ilande!. Ticket<, range from 5 
10 $10. Info: 53-l-54()..1. 

The film Peter's Friends 

The Samuel Goldwyn Compa ny 
and the Uni ve rsi ty Events Office 

prese nt 

how at 8 p.m. in the Price 
Center Theater. 

TIle vocal ~tuden t s of Carol 
PlantMnura sing at 8 p.m. in 

Erick~on Hall in Mandeville 
Center. Info: 534-4830. 

SUIDRY 
The film CIaapIIn show al 8 
p.m. in Mandevi lle Auditorium. 
Info: 534-4090. 

Sandra AIcosser and Kent 
Nelson will read frOtnlheir fi c-
tion al 7 p.m. in SDSU' Aztec 
Center. Admi ion is free . Info: 
594- 1523. 

The guirar students of CeIin 
Romero rxrfonn at 8 p.m. in 
Erickson IIall in Mandev ille 
Cenler. Info: 534-4830. 

WEDNESDRY 
Soul Asylum plays al lub 
60 wilh Ihe Lemonheads and 

the Jayhawks al 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets are 13.9 1 in advance. 
Info : 272- 15 13. 

THERTER 
M.ndeIWeiu Fonnn:Tom 
Stoppard's English version of 
Vac lav Havel's"LargoDesolato" 
runs through Dec. 6. Perfor-
mance loday and Friday are at 8 
p.m. wilh matinees aI 2 p.m. on 
Saturday and Sunday. Tickets 
range from $23 to $29. Info: 534-
3793. 

The Forum Stuclo: Anton 
Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya" will 
be performed by first -year gradu-
ateacting studems. Perfonnance 
are today 31 8 p.m. and Friday 
through Saturday al 8 and I I p.m. 
Tickets are 5. Info: 534-4574. 

409 Studio Theatre: The 
work of graduate students is fea-
lured as Cynthia Stokes di rect 
playwrighlAngela WC<lVer's"The 
Descending SpiraL " Pe rfo r-
mances are at 8 and II p.m. on 
Dec. 8 3nd at 8 p.m.on Dt.'C. 9 and 
10. Ticket are$5. lnfo:534-3793. 

GALLERIES 
M-.1devIIe C.lery: "Three 
British Book Anists: Ian Ham il ton 
Finlay, Tom Phillips, Ian Tyson" 
will be on exhibit umil Dec. 13. 
lbearti tsexperiment withwords 
and images. Admission is free. 
The gallery is open Tue day 
through Sunday, noon 10 5 p.m. 
Info: 534-3120. 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Modem Dance as Muse: 
The Art of Francoise Gilot," a 
piece featuring the work of Bri t-
ish sculptor Amony GOlmley, is 
on display unt il Dec. 9. The mu-
seum is open Tuesday through 
Sunday from lOa.m.t05p.m.and 
Wednesday from 10 a.m . to 9 
p.m. Admis ion for tudents is 
$2. Info: 454-3541. 

Grove Galery: "41h Genera-
tion/5th Dimen ion: lIalo Scanga 
Curates New Glass" is on exhibit 
Ihrough Dec. 18. The gallery is 
open Tuesday through F rid3y 
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Satur-
dayfromlOa m. t0 2 p.m.Admi -

ion is free. lnfo: 534-202 1. 

On the Nature of Human Nature 

Four Units of 
Undergraduate Credit 

FRIENDS ['T7J1 hat we assume to be human nature is largely misunder-W stood, varying from one historical and cultural perspec-tive to another. In a reveal ing course, Professor Emeritus 
Robert Livingston and several expert guest lecturers 
analyze what it is to be a globally responsible human 
being while examining human nature's potential fitness 
for survival. Topics include: 

A Comedy About Love, 
Friendship 

&: Other Disasters 
"Totally uproarious!" 

Cosmopolitan 
with 

KEVIN BRANAGH 
RITA RUDNER 
H UGH LAURIE 

EMMA THOMPSON 
STEPHEN FRY 

December 6, Sunday 
Mandeville Auditorium, 8:00 p.m. 

FREE Passes at Noon on 
Friday • December 4 

UCSD Box Office 

• The origins of humanity 
• Analyzing the evolution of the human brain 
• Sensory processing 
• Global cooperation and conflict 
Enlightening discussions help students discover the 
range and diversity of human perception, judgment, 
and behavior. Join Dr. Livingston in January on an 
unforgettable voyage of self-discovery. 
Time/Date: Tuesdays, 7-10 p.m.lJanuary 5-March 9 
Location: Room 103, Peterson Hall, Third College 
Campus, UCSD 
Fee: S285 undergraduate creditJS 155 non-credit 
To enroll: Phone 534-3400 and ask for course no. X105; 
index no. 38994. 

Thursday. December 3. 1992 The UCSD Guardian IHAT 3 

GHLLERY R[VIEW 
Mandeville Gallery: Three eclectic British book artists combine poetry and 
the ancient art of manuscript illumination in exhibit in Mandeville Gallery 

L t him die on 
another ofa 

''In tantly" 

One man in the 
dusk i 

.......... 

By Alicia Bell 
Guardian Reporter 

Books, treated pages and 
concrete poetry a re featured in the 
exhibi tion "Three British Book 
Artists: Ian Hamilton Finlay, Tom 
Phillip , Ian Tyson" at the 
Mandeville Gallery. 

The artists have been working 
with words and images since the 
I 960s. " In the preselll exhibition, 
their works provide a display of 

the varied range of contemporary 
visual art in Britain and throughout 
the world ," Mandeville Gallery 
director Gerry McAllis r~r said. 

Finlay became known in the 
1960s as Britai n's foremost 
concrete poet. He produced short 
stories, plays and poetry before 
creating book art, which his 
magazine Poor . Old. Tired. Horse, 
and his publishing finn Wild 
Hawthorne Press helped promole. 

UCSD Theatre 1992-93 Season 
Department of Theatre - Fall Productions 

LARGO DESOLATO 
by Vac1av Havel 

The secret police want him in custody . 
His girlfriend wants him in bed. 
The workers want him to save the wor/d. 
Professor Leopold Nettles is having a 
bad day in this absurd comedy by the 
former president of Czechoslovakia . 
December 2 - 4 at 8pm 
December 5 at 2pm & 8pm 
December 6 at 7pm 
Mandell Weiss Forum 

---, 

T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 

Coming Winter Quarter .. . 
'R.,fJ'Jtf'EO M{'lJ J'llLI'Err 

TI( 'KETS ARE $6 H)R STlI>E~TS. 
(aT 5 TI(,KETS Fe m $20 

WITH TilE ( '(,SI> THEATRE CARD. 
('\1,1. FOR DET\II .S, S.q-~57~. 
\I.II](kll \\l'I\~ llie.llre B(I\ (>tfll'l' 

Roger Kuo/ Guardlan 

He i famous for his 
"philosopher's" garden al hi 40-
acre home outside of Edinburgh, 
Scotland. The garden incorporate 
class ical columns, inscriptions, a 
pair of temples and a series of 
pond and planted areas. 

Finlay is also known for his 
sculptures. "UNDA," a stone 
figure engraved with an evolving 
one-word poem , is in UCSD's 
SlUart Collection. In addi tion 10 his 

If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Disease 
• Clotting ractor • Epstein Barr 

defICiency Virus 
• Toxoplasmosis • CMV 
• Chlamydia • Any red blood 

cell antibody 
• Hepatitis A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
II SubsidIary of IItmaCart Corporauoll 
SAN DIEGO (619)226-1733 

TOaANCE (310) 611·1173 
WEST HOLlYWOOD (213)654-0565 
You can grea/I, help in medical 

research and Ireatment and earn 
$5010 $200 per week! 

Never at a Loss for 
Words? 

Write for the Guardian. 
Stop by our office in the Student Cen-
ter above the General Store to apply. 

sculptures. Finlay has illuslrated 
many of his early books, including 
"The ea-Bed" and "TIle Dancers 
Inhenl the Part ,." I k has bt:en 
puoli,hillg book art si nce 1958. 

One of the 1lI0~ 1 colorful and 
pl.,yful plece~ on di~pla i~ Filllay'~ 
"PoMcr Pocm:' It looh lik' Finlay 
had fun \\ ilh Ihe Iypogr.lph inl hi~ 
pocm - he m,e~ variou ~ type~els. 
, ILes and co lors of print which 
~erve to empha"ize certain words 
and phr.l ... e .... 

London nalive Tom Phillips is a 
painler. composer and hoo" lllaicr. 
Ten yeaf\ ago, Phi ll ips re-tran\lated 
ami illuslrmed his ownlhree-
volume. 432-pagc ver~ion of 
Dante's Illfemo. which is one of lhe 
cen tral picce ... in the exhibit. It took 
him ,even yeaf\ 10 complete the 
project. The i ll u~t ra t ions in thb 
work ,ue incredib ly rid l in col r 
and delai l. 

In the back of the Illfem o. 
Phillip~ explains Ihe ~ i gnificance of 
each illustrat ion. The ~ccond plalc. 
for example. shows Ihrec upside-
down I ri ang le~ placed on top of 
each other. TIle words "the reM le~s 
advance 10 the levi l" lie above Ihe 
Illlage. The tlf\t triangle h a.~ a 
leopard panem in il. the second. a 
lion and the Ihird , a wolf. 

In the book, Phillips expl:Jins 
thm the inverted triangles represent 
Ihe anti-Trinity. The animals are 
Iho e thai Danle mel al Ihis pan of 
the ~tory . 

The leopard is hown only by 
hi s spotted coat since he represents 
the sins on the surface of human 
life such as lUXUry and indulgence. 
The lion represents sins of pride 
and Ihe wolf sins of envy. Many of 
the images have scattered words 
and phrases on them, similar to Ihe 
slyle of another one of his works 
enti tled the "Humument." 

In Ihe "Humument : A Treated 
Victorian Novel," Phillip takes a 
copy of the Victorian novel A 
H UJIlall Doculllellf by W.H. 
Mallock and blocks OUI Illost of Ihe 
words wilh drawings. He creales a 

main characlcr called Toge by 
paimi ng out the la~1 few lellcf\ in 
Ihe \.ord ··together." 

Ian Tyson. a vi~iting leclUrer al 
D. has a small dl\play of 
~ome of his book .. thai he ha, 
made over the pa,1 25 ycaf\. Ty,un 
began showing his poctry and thm 
of hi, immediate ,ontemporaric, 
in a serie~ of book~ publi,l1l'd b) 
hb own Tctrad Pre~s in the 1':l60 · ~ . 
Thi:. i~ un on-going projccl Ihal hol' 
won him internalional recognition. 

T yson is a poet. painter and 
print maker. J lis vi~ual .111 " 
expressed through Ihe u,c of a glid 
system. which he place~ next 10 
c ntemporary poe lry. 

During an interview. T) son 
explained Ihal " Ihe pnllh are not 
an ill ustralion of Ihe te.\!. but r,nha 
a corollary 10 Ihc lex I. They arc 
t wo pa ll e l ~. ,lIld each one compl i 
mellls the OIher." Ty~on ~Ire\~cd 
that the tradilion of combining 
wri llen lexi and vi~llal image, in 
books is very old and goc, hack to 
France in Ihe 1890s. 

Ty~on co llaboraled with poel 
Jeroille ROlhenberg 10 f0l111 a hook 
'peci fi cally for Ih is e'(hioil. 
entitl ed "Si" Gemal ria." A 
gemat lia b a mel hod of fi nding Ihe 
hidden meanings in Ihe numerical 
value of Hebrew word~ and lellef\. 
Therefore. each of the si)( poems 
has a numerical value. Tyson' ~ 
corre ponding prin ls arc brighlfy-
colored grids. 

When Rothenberg read his 
poems at the opening, he placed 
long spaces between the lines. This 
method made each line seem even 
more like a specific visual image, 
with the pauses serving as frames 
between each image. With thi ~ 
technique, Rothenberg illustrated 
the main Iheme of Ihe exhibit -
poetry and visual an are connected 
art fonns. 

The Mandeville Gallery is open 
Tuesday through Sunday from 
noon to 5 p.m. and admi~s ion is 
free. FOl more information . call 
534-3 120. 

Re~e ,: Earth - ~ 
S anda ls ~ 

Sport ~ 

Teva 

Ugg Boots 

C logs 
Sanda ls 

Ffojos 100/0 OFF Big Sizes 
does nOI apply to sale ilems 

-'4 Sa.K.dak 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 488·1134 

GOOD QUALITY PERSONAL TRANSPORTA TfON SERVICES 

MAKE AIRPORT SHUTTLE 
RESERVATIONS NOW! 

565-4915 
SPECIAL STUDENTS' RATE 

$10.00 
(From~) 



1111' . 4 

__ --~::'!n, UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~~~}!~~~~Y* 
"IV.d. .... 
worldwide' 

I 'P 11)I'I"! 
~!tl \ahd Wllh 
W"ly fAh...r "rrt!r 

• $20 minimum purcha • ~uhm 5 mil rddlu VrCitmpu 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the stor with your UCSD ID 

1'h.. C D Gllardian 1'hur day, Dt'I'ember 3, 1992 

THERTEH REVIEW 
Largo Desolato: Vaclav Havel's absurd play 
examme political oppression on a college campus 
By MIchael Schwartz 
Senior Staff Writer 

the Iron Cunain, [he political 
climate from which [his play grew 
1,l1Ot unlike our own. 

adoring tudent all con~tantly 
make demands. 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. 111 tht, Hi1lph\ ('1'ntl'l 
I'rUrllr t lil·l ,n'I.' -;.1" ,I '\l'I'I. Upt'n d,lIh ",IIIlS Pill 

Exploring the topics of \ ral 
oppre~,i n and intellectual 
freedom. the C 0 Theatre 
Depanment \ production of 

ucla I lavel ', .,Iightly absurd 
comedy "Largo De!>olato" i\ 
IImely given the current , tate f 
global poli tic.,. 

" It ·s aboul a philo pher who' 
i<,alated him~elf. hut him elf into 
hi apanmenl. It 's about how he 
copes with all the demands 
various people make on him." 
director Debbie Falb. a ·econd-
year student in the directing 
MFA. program, said. 

" I like the way It et you up 10 
believe one thing about the main 
character and then turns the 
table," Falb aid . 

" Largo Desolato" plays in the 
Mandell Wei Forum tonight and 
Friday at 8 p.m.. arurday at 2 and 
8 p.m. and Sunday at 7 p.m. 
Sunday is it~ final night. Tickets 
range from 6 to $12. For more 
infomlatiol1, call 534-4574. 

AIRPORT PARKING 
FREE SHUTTLE 

TO & FROM AIRPORT 

The workers at the paper mill. 
hi girlfriend, and a young and 

• 5 M inutes trom Ai rport ~--~ 

Written in 1984 by the fonm:r 
(ano po !>ibly retuming) Pre. Ident 
of CL~cho~lova"ia. it has j ust 
recently been tran,lated in to 
Engli\h b Tom St ppard, be~t 
"nown for hi, willy play and 

• A irport courtesy phones 

• Fenced 
• Secured Parking 
• Well Lighted 
• 24 Hr Surveillance 

WE ACCEPT RESERVATIONS 
,,"'part Ollr Rille," 

IW 
4mOO~T V~~I '~( • 
574-1177 

YOU 'll BE OREETEO & 
TREATED WITH A SMilE 

film "Ro\encrm z and 
CiUlldclhtem are Dead." 

Re~ t a~\uroo that thi~ world 
leader'., C ray., in the world of 
cmenntnmcm far surpas. th(1I of 
our own Ronald Reagan . 

I-or a ponlon of th~ play. the 
protagoniM Profe"or ellll!!> i~ 
holed up on C;IIllPUS, ~urrounded 
by pile,> and pi les of ks, 
dc.,permely tl)' ing t figure out 
c \a tl )' wl1m he .,hould do next. 

llcroe, and bnguage are 
emplled of their meanings a, the 

authorrtie~ ,ee" to ta"e ettIe, 
awa) for l1avll1g wntten ,Ollle 
thll1g, they do 110t agree with. 

Jlman Ru.,hol~ could 
~el1ainly empathiL~ \~ith the 
fear of atta k ,'mply from 
voicing one', oplllion. While 
Ilavel w;r, wnting from behind 

Courtesyof Wanda Tr,tten·Aobtn 

Sevanne Kassarjian, Dennis Fox, and David Barrera In the 
UCSD Theatre production of ''largo DesoIato," 

•• Solutions from your Apple Campus AeselIer: 
The holiday gift yOu can really use. 

Tell your folks a new Macintosh will help 
you succeed today as well as tomorrow. 

It shows you're thinking ahead. 
n Apple ' Macimo·h· computer i · the one holiday gift that will help 

you work hener and fa ter from one new year to the next. Be au e 
~Iacinto,' h is so e~" y to u, e. And thou and f oftware application are 
avai lable to help yOll with any course you'll ever take. There' even 
software that allo\\'s YOll to exchange information with computer' running 
M -DO' or Window ·. In fact, Macinto h i the mo t compatible computer 
)'Ou can buy. And the advantages f Ma into h don't end when hool 
clo s - the majority of Fortun 1000 companie n w u e Maci nto h 
computer ': 0 ask your Apple Campus Re 'eller to help YOll choo e which 
,\\acimo 'h to put at the top of you r holiday gift Ii t. !i!!!!!~~ 

Macinto h. It' more than a present it' a future. Ii 

mputer ce 
534-4291 

mon-fri 8am-6pm 
sat 10am-5pm 

1""1 "ri'l.: ( .. "'1'""', ... -If'rk' the If'fo!< ~og.' ,r.j \IJl,m,,,h "" lfIU'I<'l'lJ orJlkm "~ ~f'PK' (;cornl'UlC •. t", '\ DO'! ~. 
tt"w."tl'fl'd Ir.ki-m.u1c ilnd ~ ,ndt,..." a lrokkmolrk of M.ltn~m <":Ot,lllf1rll"fl ' &."<'d on .. ~"'tV moductcd h\ Cumputcr IntdllflCOCC. 1991 

Thursdll Y, Dt'{'{' l1\bl' I' 3. 1992 

STEEPER: Miller 's fast-
paced fIlm has MTV appeal 
Continued from page H1 

Probably the most inlere~lIng 
pans of "Steeper and Deeper" arC! 
the ~cefle from different CQ Ufl-
tnes. Miller filmed in 27 different 

location~ around the world. and he 
often gives usefu l hi~torical and 
cultural background. The sccne~ 
from Turke include footage of 
the cit near the resort at Uladag 
where skiers spend orne time in 
ancient dwelling carved out of 
stone. Scenes from Chile and 

combinallon of fast-moving dips 
and driving mu~ic give the film a 
very flashy, commerical feel. 

hot of the gr up' i san 
Pathfinder making it way over 
snow-covered roads also have a 
commericallook to them. 
especially considering that issan 

~pon ored the film. 
De ' pite hIS expe rience and 

knowledge of the pon. Miller 
offers little in the way of profound 
skiing philosophy - his narrntion 

Austral ia also offer 
different pe~pec­
tive on the pon. 
For Californians, it 
will probably seem 
trange 10 see the 

Australian eucalyp-
tus trees covered 
with snow. 

Finally, it must 
be admitted that 
Miller's film is 
es entially an hour 
and a half ski video. 

Miller 
offers the 
subtle 
advice to 
sneak 
onto 
chairlifts 

won' t qualify as 
the "Zen of 

kiing." He 
repeats the theme 
"steeper and 
deeper" several 
time . and al~o 
jokes about a hot 
tub which i~ 
getting "hotter 
and hotter" and a 
helicopter which 
hovers "lower and 
lower." For him, 
skiing is about 
freedom, and his 
subtle advice to 
sneak on to 
chai rl ift when-

Music from 
altemative rock act 
like Concrete 
Blonde and Timbuk 
3 accompanies the 
video . The actual 

whenever 
possible. 

footage i not as disorienting a. 
what i shown on "MTV Spom," 
the extreme ~ports show which 
uses unu ual camera angles to 
make every obstacle look like it 
requires superhuman abilities. Ln 
fac t, most of the ski Munts in 
Miller 's film are pre ented with 
very straightforward shots. The 

ever po sible is 
about the mo I profound thing to 
be said about the commercializa-
ti on of a port which has required 
its participants to dig deeper and 
deeper into their pocketbook to 
enjoy its pleasures. 

For more information about 
howtimes and tickets call 454-

3541. 

TIl(' 

r--------------------------, WYouThink ! 
Your Schedulels Tough, ! 

Check Out Ours. I 

MONDAY: .... ., lilt.' F ..... II.· $I.SO lan!n.cki; 2 'or 1 ',p,liz.rl. 
TUESDAY: ·Se ... If TIlt I.,.., III, •• ,· Witch thl ml.t on our ,etio .-IIil. ujoyin! $I.S0 
M.".ritll, $1 Corollll!4-1,,"I, I"~ $lfi.h luos. . 
WEDNESDAY: ·lI •• lIlt.' H,," HH',- Enjoy our ~Iilf Him Hour ~ .. I. 'rom 10:10,'" -11m, 

$100WELL $IOODOMEmc$150IMPORTED ~........,~ . DRINKS PINTS PINTS 
f.Rlm H.," HH, 4-',., $1 ~o," •• ti. ~rt'h , 2 'or I 1".liz.rs. 
SATURDAY & SUNDAY: ·F ..... " Fre"'. WilkiN. - VlriouS spuil ls Ihrou!houl Ih. w •• k.nd . 

. C9fmiN) 
eNut t. the H.,~ R.c. Cel. e Plilly .f uld""ould ,.,.il" 

L Rift". ,til e.ri.t ... 'lIfT II.,' eln 4S4 ·9664 .J 
--------------------------

D Gllardian III T S 5 

,he 'tidY ~i// y.w it fhe ~~~ of 1t fnn9 hit by 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

.. -

Hours: 

po 
a 

~ , 
-;or 
C) 
-, 

0-
~ 

9-
3 
&J. 

~ ~ 
0+-
A-
~ 

-<. 
.:: 
... 
.., 

-< 

-
-
... 
,... 

--A. 

11 am-l amSun.-Thurs. 
] 1 am-2 am Fri . & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! 

! ~'ku$1299 : $1075 ! 
I TWO MEDIUM : ONE MEDIUM 2.TOPPING : 
: ~~12~~~t:J9.,!!~"l~~~,. I PIZZA & 2 COKES® I I mcnbon ofler ~ hl'n ordt-'flrlg I IA>b\-tf)' or CUf)'OUI. Me,,;e menhon oher \\ ht-n ordt"OnJ; I 
I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD I CALL US! 4S2-UCSD I 
I ::.;!:=::Uflsatl I :;:,~~n:,::=r.sa .. . =-' I dr .. ongOUrdrivtrscany.... drllilg. OUrdnv ..... IIY....· ~ 

""" $20 00 ExpIre. 12I31,w • !han $20 00 ExpIres 12I31,w. _ ....... _ .. _ . 

------------'------------



(HATU 6 The UC 0 Guardian Thursday, Det:ember 3, 1992 

C01.1.EG~N:rG/fl' 
EVERY THURSDAY 
~ -a>O 8 PM-CLOSE 
~ o~Q. 
o • PPE!JZER~" ~~R:nS " 

0 " ... () $ 2~LL DRINKS 
POol tahl \. ~\ sbootet~ 

'1es \-,a~~et\Ja 

TODS -2-1~ 
LA J LLA MARRIOTT for 
• Mus[ Rc 21 Yl'arS Old til El1Ier 

4240 La Jolla Village Drive 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

(619)587-1414 ext. 6220 

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 

ADMISSION 
Wllh ,1", .1.1 

.lTis the Season 
to Sweeten UpJ 

Featuring this Holiday Season ... 
HOT BUTIERED PECAN SUNDAE 

SPICED APPtE SUNDAE 
RICH 'N' THICK EGG Noc; SHAKE 

CHOCOlATE FUDGE MOUSSE 
icE CREAM PIE 

Gift certificates are available. Ask ahout our other des~rt gift ideas. 
We cater desserts! Price Center 457-4365 

I 50 C-OFF=e -:210r 1-~Y~~~; I 
I Ice Cream Cone I a second of .1 or lell value 
I ~~~~!':~~ I ~_pot!.. r!Led.o.w I L __ Notgood ..... any~=. ___ L __ Notgood ..... :!~oIIor. __ .-J 

MOYIE REVIEWS 

I'tloto counesy 01 Waner Bros. 

Whitney Houston as 
superstar singer Rachel 
Marron_ 

The Bodyguard: Fihn sets sights on safe themes 
By Jenny Galang 
Senior Staff Writer 

If you're looking ~ r sex, 
drugs and r k 'n' roll, you won' t 
find itm the newly-released film 
The Bodyguard. Well , you may 
find the rock ' n' roll, or rather a 
new ~oundtrack from pop singer 
Whitney Hou ton, but you won't 
find Ihe graphic nudity a la Basic 
Instillct, the violence of Tutal 
Recall. or the profanity which 
lillers every other new release in 
the past decade. 

Sound like the film 's going to 
bore you? Instead, The Bodygllard 
is a breath of fresh ai r that relies 
on the talents of the director, 
writer and actors instead of body 
doubles and special effects. 

From LA. Story director Mick 
Jackson, thi s film tells of rock 
star-lUmed-actress Rachel Marron 
(played with amazing grace by 
Whitney Houston) who is being 
stalked by a nut case sending her 
threatening lellers. Enter body-

guard Frank Fanner (Kevin 
Costner), former Secret Service 
agent, who reliable sources ay is 
" the bes!." 0 surprise. park 
oon fly between Ihe two. 

TIle film really isn't a sus-
pense-fest , although the end 
throw~ you a curve. Clue are 
spelled OUI very clearly: while it 
·till manages to keep you wonder-
ing, you won' t be silling on the 
edge of your seat. What set this 
film apart from common movie 
mi takes is that it relies on a 
comfortable pace, winy conversa-
tion and the chemi try between 
the cast members rather than 
overdone sex and blood and guts . 

A proven musical talent , 
Hou ton makes a mooth transi -
tion into her debut film . She gets 
the chance to introduce her new 
album, but doesn't draw the focus 
away from the plot. 

She 's comfortable in her role, 
but one can ' t help but wonder if 
she might be limited to pop star 

roles . 
Crowd-magnet Costner is the 

eternally, believable good guy and 
he once again plays Ihe knight in 
shining armor who save the 
dam el in di tres . 

Both leading actors look as if 
they just got back from a bad day 
at Supercuts, but they redeem 
themselves by creating a sincerely 
convincing relationship (by 
Hollywood standards). HOllston 's 
energy and Costner's tough-guy 
brooding move the story along at 
a steady pace. 

The film also includes impres-
sive shots of a chic Beverly Hills 
utopia, an idyllic winter lake and a 
fl ashy concert for good measure. 
Costume designer Susan Nininger 
goes overboard, however, and 
creates a few eyesores. 

Tire Bodyguard won't win any 
major awards, but it should make 
it share at the box office as a feel-
good, first-date flick you could 
even take your mother to see. 

The Distinguished ~man: Political 
satire caters only to Eddie Murphy's stardom 
By Rona Kelly 
Staff Writer 

In Tire Distillg/lished Gent/e-
mail, mega-star Eddie Murphy 
reworks the same role he has 
played in many of his past movies. 
This movie . however. can ' t 
compare to some of his greatest, 
o lder comedies like Trading 
P/ael's, a his role is stale and the 
plot monotonous. 

Murphy plays Thomas 
Jefferson Johnson, a con man who 
wants to pull off the biggesl scam 
of all time by gelling elected to 
Congress, where big cash deals are 
supposedly ettled dai Iy . Jeff 
Johnson, a former Congressman 
from Florida, Murphy' state. died 
from a heart attack while having 
sex with one of his aides (another 
original theme). Thoma decides 
to shonen hi - name and get elected 
by name recognition alone . 

With the he lp of his ' idekicks, 
he manages to get his name on the 
ballot. Betting on the fact that no 
one will know that the fonner 
Congressman has died. Thomas 
gets elected. 

Prepared to follow the path of a 
corrupt politician by reaping 
benefits for himself, Thomas, now 
Congressman Jeff Johnson. 
reevaluate his motives when a 
little girl with cancer comes to see 

him. TIlis incident and a 
love interest named Loretta 
(Sheryl Lee Ralph), who 
lives a moral life, make 
Thoma realize the error of 
hi s ways. Because of his 
s udden revelations, he 
decides to go after the bad 
guys with whom he had 
formerly been in cahoots. 
This final con winds up the 

See GENREMAN, 
PageH? 

PIII*I CIU1IIy 01 HaIywood PIcUII ~ 
EddIe Murphy ............ con .... 
1'homa ...".. ........... . 

Thursday, December 3,1992 The UCSD Guardian JllATU 7 

MOYIE REYIEN 
Watertand: Stephen Gyllenhaal's film teaches lesson about personal experiences 
By Yazmln Ghonalm 
Staff Writer 

In the Briti h film,Water/alld , 
director Stephen Gyllenhaal 
present a group of high school 
tudents in Pill burgh shrugging 

their shoulders through history 
elas . However, their teacher, 
Tom Crick (Jeromy Irons) 
abandons the subject of French 
history and begins to tell the 
sludents about his own personal 
hi story. He describes hi life in the 
marshland of East Anglia, known 
as the Fen . 

Crick tells of his adventures 
with his girlfriend. Mary (Lena 
Headey). The couple discovers the 
pleasures of sex together and their 
need to mature in order to face 
difficulties like Mary's pregnancy. 

At first, the tudents cern 
bored with their teacher's life-
tory. But a conquering their 

indifference becomes a challenge 
for Tom, his accounts become 
vivid and real. His students learn 
to see him as a man and not as a 
mechanical teaChing ource. 

In doing so, he relives (and 
relieves) his passions, his fears -
all those experience which have 
long been suppre sed, but which 
have led to the traumas he and his 
wife are currently experiencing. 

The students, as well as the 
spectators, hare the history of 
Tom and his wife Mary (Sinead 
Cusack) through his visually 
explicit storytelling. Tom leads his 
audience through his personal 
narrative using a series of constant 
flashbacks, which are depicted in 
a manner which can sometimes be 
too abrupt, such as the shift from 
PittSburgh to England, 30 years 
earlier. 

This adaptation of Graham 
Swift's novel deals with the issues 
of incest, love, sex and abortion, 
and shows how people learn from 
their mistakes. 

GENTLEMAN: 
All of the 

. 

amusmg scenes 
are in the trailer 
ContInued from .... H6 
movie, with the fate of Thomas 
and Loretta's relationship hanging 
in the balance. 

The plot of Tire Distinguished 
Gentleman is incredibly predict-
able and Murphy's self-centered 
mega-stardom becomes increas-
ingly tiresome. 1be movie is so 
centered around Murphy that at 
times one wonders if he was just 
goofing around while the cameras 
continued to roll. As a result, the 
film seems extremely unrefined. 

'There are a few funny scenes 
in the movie that merit a giggle, 
most of which take place when 
Murphy imitates various stereo-
types: a member of the NAACP, a 
white male, a Chinese person and 
a Jewish man. In hindsight, one 
wondf'rs what exactly was so 
funny . If you want to see the 
movie simply because of its 
sca"ered comedy, don't botber-
you see all the good scenes in the 
trailer. 

Tire Distinguished Gemlemall 
opens tomorrow. 

irons' performance as Tom 
is uperb. Grabt Warnock, who 
plays Tom in his youth. gives 
his character credibility through 
talented acting and a slriking 
resemblance to lrons. 

The film involves the 
audience as the stories ad-
dressed to the high school 
students are also addressed to 
the viewer. 

Performance and land-
scape are captured nicely by 
the camera's long, low pans 
and extreme close-ups. The 
storytelling technique of Ihe 
narrator captivates the 
audience's attention. It also 
prove Tom's skill as a teacher 
of history as he is able to use 
hi own personal history to 
teach his tudents about life in 
general. 

Water/and is showing at the 
Hillcrest Cinemas. Call 299-
2100 for more information. 

•

"THE MAN WITH THE MONOTONE" 
. FRIDAY 

• DECEMBER 4 8PM 
SPRECKELS THEATRE 

, Tr<y 
'fIX WITH SPECIAL GUESTS 

r--I H-EL-M-E---" I II SEPULTURA 
TUESDAY DECEMBER 29 7PM 

O'BRIEN PAVILLION DEL MAR FAIR 
PRODUCED II ASSOCIATION WITH ntE DEL MM FAIR 



118 IIIATU Tht' UC I) Guardian Thllr day , O{'C'('mbl'r 3, 1992 

It took Galileo 16 years to master the universe. 
You have one night. 

It eems unfair. The geniu had all that time. While you have a few 
hort hours to learn your un pots from your sateUHes before the 

dreaded astronomy exam. 
On the other hand Vivarin gives you the definite advantage. It helps 

keep you awake and mentally alert for hours. Safely and conveniently. So 
ev n wh n the subject matter's dull , your mind will stay razor harp. 

[f Galileo had used Vivarin, maybe he could have mastered the olar 
system fa ter, too. 

I'M TAll (5''''', 160) WITH HAZEL 
EY ES and a head1u1l oJ blondish cuns I 
wear my lips red and keep my n white 
My body IS curvy and nol '" or lat 1m not 
ath he. bul enJOY almost any act,YTtl9S 
1m kind 01 qulllt (Ihoughtful some say). 
but not very conservatIVe I like 10 listen 
as much I e to tall< You make me 
laugh. and I WIll make you sm.le BOX 
-St45 
I WANT TO MEET YOU (BOY WlTl1 the 
gr boots who IS tappong his t every 
time I see him) It youre him. HI I've 
nollCed that you dnnk ooff .n \he mom 
Ings Ca" my box and the next one s on 
me BOXmgg 
MY NAME IS DEBBIE. I am new In 
town and I like to hike. b.ke and be 
outdoors LOI s get together BOX 
W81 t2 
I'M LISA. I like to go 10 dance clubs 
and 1m Into modern rOck . muscl s, 
Jokes and passionate people II you 
are between 18 & 22. call BOX_3080 
CINDY, ME A TAll BLOND who Ilk s 
10 h.k , camp and watch Ihe slars 
You. tall . sweet. romantIC and a cool 
convertible wouldn't hurt Box MOOO6 
PAM, CALL AND lEAVE your number 
and w can lalk person 10 person P.<lx 
MOOO9 
I'M TERESA. I'm outgoing. Inendly 

and a caring person I m not Into 
me ling people In bars I am looking 
lorward to talking to you l BOX.0031 
BEV, IF YOU WANT, someone won 
dertul. call my box now' Box -0038 
HI, I'M JUDY AND I w. 1I return all 
calls Take a chance Box -0047 
I'M KATE. I WANT A CRAZY BOY 
who can dance all nlghl II you have 
the energy give me a cali Box 
.6372 

TAll BIKER WITH LONG BROWN 
ha,r and brown eyes an adVentur 
ous Qlrt to I I have a lot ot troo I.me 
BOX 12440 
HEY, GIVE ME A CAll i We Will have 
loIS 01 lun logetherl Try someono new 
You won' Osappoonted BOX.2180 
HI , THJS IS MARK I am 25 and 
new 10 thIS campus as a grad stu 
dent I am looking tor a lady who 
enloys be ing Wined . d.ned and 
romanced It you appreciate Ihe 
tlner things .n 1.le. leave me a 
mess ge and we Will go Irom there 
and sae whal happens BOX .8992 
MY NAME IS RICK AND I'm .n to 
lennls and goll and hot babes I'm 
six loot. sl.m. slrong and blond 
Let's rock' Box .5226 

Revi~ with VIVARIN. 

I'M NEW IN TOWN AND WANT TO 
MEET PEOPLE-Any sex nation 
sl.ty or religion Look.ng lor 
Irlends Box '4272 
Remember . you can press the. 
sign on your Touch Tone phone to 
skip ahead 

MISCB.l.AIEOUS 
IW.£TllIOARD 

__ ,_ heoIIa, a.w-, 
,.r\tIa, ................. .. ., 

.. ....... ....... 

MEET SOMEONE NEW on Ihe 
TntonTel P rsonals loday' 
Remember , you cen press the. 
sign on your Touch Ton phone to 
skip ahead r 

STUDY PARTIERS 
CARPOOlIII 

SHARE IBTAl..MIOOMATES 

PHONE 

~ 
FUN 

I PlACETOLM 

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 
AHEAD 

I 

TICKET 
X-ING 

___ ---r-· 
--------

VIVARIN 
for fast PICr.. up -safe a5 coffee 

( r-----------------~~ 
IATIOIAL TICKET FIIDERS 

I 
.. c:-, ..... ~_ 
n.Ire TIcUII ......... willi. l to% ................ ...... 

Welcome to our national t.cket 
Iinder service You can call and 
reserve concert Ilckets. sporting 
event Ilckets and Ihealre tickets 
by uSing your v.sa or checking 
account or money order So call 
and reserve your tlckels today 
We h.ve U2, Mlch.el Jacklon , 
Bruce SpringSlein and many more 
Cali 'Cam pus Connecllon" to 
receive your 10% D.scounl 
(Message . 1) 
We h.ve ell NBA , NFL, Nallon.1 
and American league Baseball , 
NHL . and ali major college sporl-
Ing evenls "Ihere IS a game you 
want to see we Will gel you tickets 
lor you or your group. Please use 
Ihe password "Cam pus 
Connection " to receive your 10% 
discount (Message n) 
We offer ticket relervatlon ser-
vice lor ali Nallonal Theatre per-
lormances . Ballel . Symphony and 
all Major Plays lor every Malor 
Clly Please menllon your pass" 
word ' Campus Connection " to 
receive your 10% d.scounl 
(Message '3) 
Remember. you c.n press the. 
sign on your Touch Tone phone to 
skip ahead 
MEET SOMEONE NEW on Ihe 
TntonTel Persona ls lodayl 

FANTASY TRAVEL 
PACKAGES WITH 

STUDENT DISCOUm 
Welcome 10 our N.llon.1 Trevel 
Serv.ce We olter student and 
A lumni Discounts We have tO% 
off or more on Malor A irline 
Tickels . Hotel Reservations and 
Renl A Cars We have spec.al stu -
denl packages for HawaII . MeXICO. 
Disneyland and Dlsneyworld 
Let UI bring your tanlasy to hle l 
Call US about Spring Break Tnps. 
Romantic Gelaways and Cru.ses 
W e can arrange every aspect 01 
your tnp. Including LimOUSine and 
Catering 

PlACE YOUR AD FREE! 
SEE YM AD I PRIll 

IEXTWEEI! 
SEE. AD FORM II 

til PAPER. 


