
POLICE SEIZE GENERAL STORE 
Students Protest Early Morning Administrative Action 

• Conflict erupts over co-op's 
alleged improper shop 
accounting procedures; 
co-op charges illegal entry 
By ErIc Sct.mIdt 
Associate News Editor 

War broke out in mid-January for the 
second year in a row when the General 
StoreCooperative was shutdown by UCSD 
police officers and administrators in search 
of fmancial infonnation yesterday morn-
ing. 

The seizure foUowed an administrative 
b~-in in which the locks were changed. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Programs and Facilities Tom Tucker said 
he decided to close the General Store in 
order to seize financial information the co-
op members refused to hand over for an 
audit 

Co-op members, on the other hand, said 
they had an oral agreement with a member 
of the UCSD Internal Audit Office to po t-
pone any audit until next Tuesday. 

General Store co-op member Randy 
Corpuz said he was "in shock," and that co-
opmembershadnowamingoftheimpend-
ing shutdown. 

Steve Scheuerell was one of many protestors who pounded the co-op windows yesterday morning, 
protesting the presence of UCSD police and administrators in the General Store Co-op. 

Immediately following the lOa.m. shut-
down,alI students inside were told by UCSD 
police to leave the premises. Several hun-
dred students and co-op members protested 
by pounding at the windows and wall of 
the General Store at the urging of co-op 
members. 

According to Corpuz, co-op members 
were allowed to stay while co-op workers 
cleared cash out of the register, but were 
threatened by police with academic reper-
cussions if they did not leave right away. 

"They even threatened some of the stu-
dents who work here, if [co-op members 
did not] leave immediately [they would be) 
sent down to the dean and suspended," 
Corpuz said. 

"From our understanding [during the 
takeover], the administration was saying 
'you will not open again ever'," Corpuz 
added. 

Beth Bielefield, a C(H)P member and 
ReveUe junior, and others asked students to 
help them protest the administrative inva-
sion, while flyers circulated explaini"ng the 

See PROTEST, Page 3 

0III111iD11111W'" 
SIn .,..., ........... the medIcIt 
.... l1:W"-dIy. Br 11:30."""" 
............ 

The Co-op Conflict 
, INSIDE: 

'I1IneIIne 
A look at events leading 

up to yesterday's conflict! 
,...2 
QaA 

Answers to questions 
about the conflict/~. 2 

EdItorIal 
Out of line/Page 4 

Students staged a sit-in yesterday lasting late into the 
night to maintain control of the co-op. 

Small Fire Ignites at UCSD Medical 
Center; No Injuries are Reported 
By MIry Betty HeInl 
News Editor 

A fJre that caused an estimated $20,000 in 
damages burned a construction area of the UCSD 
Medical Center in Hillcrest Tuesday morning. 

According to a Medical Center media advi-
sory, the tire began at approximately II am. and 
was controlled within half an hour of being 
noticed. While there were no injuries, a Medical 
Centersraff membersaid Tuesday thai four people 
were treated for smoke inhalation. 

A later report made by the Son Diego UlliOll 
stated that nine people were checked for smoke 
inhalation and one for chest pain. All ~ere re-
leased. ' 

• The 0I1IpIdicnIarca. which connects to the 
CGIIIhI:Iion aile. WII cV8CUIIfed II the dilcretion 
of .... or ...... IIOCORIintIOUCSDMedi-

cal Center Director of Health/Science Commu-
nications Leslie Franz. She added that the main 
building was not affected by in the fire. 

According to the media advisory , the fire was 
caused by a welding spark that dropped from the 
12th floor through a space near an expan ion 
joint down to the third floor, where it ignited 
construction materials. 

'The site is a link between the older and newer 
medical buildings. The expansion joints are be-
ing installed in the new wing of the ho pita! for 
seismic safety purposes. 

Captain AI Macdonald, the spokesman for 
the San Diego Fire Department, said that the fire 
began on a thinl-floor stairwell that leads out 
onto the roof access area. The fire then pread 
vertiCIIly to the roof . 



J 
\ 
t 

2 NEWS The UCSD Guardian ' 'Ibunday, January 16, 1992 

THE Co-oP CONFUCT 

Nov. 11 

Dzc.2 

Dec. 3 

Dec. 11 

Dec. 18 
Dec. 19 

Dec. 20 

...... 13 

Jan. 14 
Jan.1S 

A look at some of the events leading up to yesterday's confrontation 
between the General Store Co-op and the UCSD administration: 

Jim Carruthers sends a letter to the uca sayl~ that the 
co-ops have violated the Policy and Procedures Manual. 
He said Groundwork Books would become a contract 
vendor within 30 days, Other co-ops would be audited 
within 30 days, and would have to decide whether to 
become contract vendors or become auxiliary enterprises. 

UCB passes a resolution Intended to prevent Carruthers 
(rom taking admlnistratNe actlon against Groundwork 
Books and forms a joint oommittee of UCB and coop 
representatives to reach a solutlon on CIM)p Issues. 

Carruthers sends a letter to Groundwork 
ordering the signing of a new contract 
with outside vendor status by Dec. 20. 

Tom Tucker sends a letter to Groundwork reminding the 
collective of the Dec. 19 deadline, He states that if no 
written notification Is received, or the collective decides 
not to become an outside vendor, the university wiil take 
immediate action to eliminate Groundwork Books. 

Political Science Professor Peter Irons speaks 
with Carruthers to assess the situation. He 
then speaks to Groundwork employees, urging 
them to take carruthers seriously. 

Grouna.vork is Informed that the University will 
negotiate with the bookstore only as a contract 
vendor. Groundwork requests that the 
administration reconsider its decision. At 4:45 p.m. 
Groundwork holds a press conference attended by 
reporters from KNSO, and The San Diego Union· 
Tribune. At 5 p.m. Carruthers posts a notice at 
Groundworll stating that the bookstore is 
permanently closed. 
Carruthers. Irons, and GroundWorll Member Lorna 
Lueker work out a proposal stating that 
Groundworks agrees to negotiate the terms ot the 
bookstore's status with the university. that 
negotiations will be In good faith, that the legal 
rights of both parties will be observed, and that the 
UCB will be allowed to observe and speak on the 
prOCeding6. Tile proposal Is signed by Carruthers, 
Irons, and Groundworll representatives. 

4:00 •• m. 

10:00 ..... 

11:00 a.m. 

2:00 p .... 

1:30 p._. 

Jeff Corbett meets with auditors and reaches an 
oral agreement to tum In audit materials Jan. 21. 

The General Store makes an oral agreement with 
UCSO's Internal Auditing to delay the reviewing of 
its books until Jan. 21. 

I A locksmith with UCSD police changes locks on General Store Co-op. Co-op members sleep ovemight In the store. 
• Co-op members change the locks back. 

Tom Tucker and UCSO police remove co-
op supporters from the store. Tucker 
searches for and leaves without finding 
any of the store's auditing materials. 
Several police offICers remain to guard 
the store. Co-op members pound windows 
and walls in protest. 

Students take control of the store, and 
r~pen it for business. 

Co-op members close the General Store, 
and stage a sit-In. 

Molly McKsy, UCB board chair, takes 
control of General Store financial records 
until an acceptable agreement between 
the co-op and the administration can be 
reached. 

Jim C8rruIhera is 
the University 
Center director. 

Peter Irons 
assisted in 
negotiations. 

A Groundwork Booke 
member packs some of 
the C(H)p'S belongings. 

Jeff Corbett is of 
the General store 
Q)op members 
negotiating with 
the university. 

Tom Tucker is 
Assistant VIce 
Chancellor of 
Student Programs 
and Facilities. 

a.ner.I StoN Co-op 
supporters protest its 
closure by the 
administration by 
bqi~ on the walls 
and windows of the 
store. 

Qu ........ Answ .. 
The foIlowirW Is 8 summary of commonly asked 
questions regarding the ewnts at the General Store 
Coop )48Sterday: 

.... ' rr ••• ~'." •• """ At. 1:15 a.m., campus police attempted to seize the 
General Store Coop by letting themselves In and 
chqlng the locks. 
Coop members, notified of the alarm, broke Into the 
store and remained there until thrown out by police 
at 10 a.m. The police controlled the store for 
approximately an hour, while Assistant VIce 
Chancellor of Student Programs and Facilities Torn 
Tucker looked for accounting records. At 11 a.m. 
students again broke Into the store and regained 
control. Protestors spent the night in the store. 

., did _ ....... .., ....... bJlllon lilt." 
to .... _ .......... Coep? 
On Nov. 18, all of the coops were notified by the 
university that an internal audit ¥>U1d take place. 
Tucker alleges that the attempted seizure of the 
store was a "necessary action" on the part of the 
university to obtain accounting Infonnatlon which the 
General Store Co-op refused to tum over after 
repeated requests by the Internal Audit omce. Tucker 
said that the university "sealed" the store to prohibit 
tampering with the accounting infonnatlon. 
Coop members see the university's action as "a 
mow of Intimidation," according to member Steve 
Dubb. The coops say that at the end of last quarter, 
a mutual agreement had been reached, pushing thf! 
Dec. 19 deadline to tum in accounting Information 
back to after winter break. They say that they were 
prepared to give the auditors the Infonnation next 
Tuesday, after reviewing the ledgers with their lawyer. 

................ ? 
Tucker decided to take the action. Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson Is on vacation, and was not consulted 
regarding the attempted administrative seizure, 
Tucker said. 

.... ..,tlrlO.a ....................... .., ... 

.7 Inl b"""" 
No, the accounting information was not In the store, 
coop members said. 

..................... '.l1li. I ........... 

......,..., 
It is not clear at this time If the university has the 
legal basis to seize a coop, which has a space 
agreement - not a lease - with the university. 
According to Tucker, the co-ops exist In university 
buildings, and thus the university may act as It 
pleases. In addition, he alleges that the General 
Store Coop has violated the space aweement by not 
adhering to the accounting procedures of the 
ooiYerslty's Policy and Procedures Manual (PPM). 
SectIon 3.05 of the space agreement binds the c0-
ops to the tenns of the PPM. 
Coop members caU yesterday morning's surprise 

,action an unlawful violation of two clauses of the 
space agreement. First, SectIon 5.05 provides for 
-24 hoUrs advance notice required prior to eIlY ... 
entry'" excepting .. ernergenty of "human life or 
property." In addition, the co-ops sIfJ1ed to a three-
year tenn of the space agreements, providing the c0-
ops possession of their Student Center spaces until 
1993. 

WIIIIl'. t " ........... 
Tucker asserts that the General Store Coop should 
remain closed until the audit can take place, and that 
a resolution of the alleged problem with the stoN'S 
aocoootIng must be foood. 
Late )18StertJay afternoon CO<)p members decided to 
tum OIo'8f'the General Store Coop's accound,. 
Information to .. "unb1ased" thlrtt party, Un~ 
Center Board Chair Molly Mct<ay. Dubb notBd that c0-
op members Intend to brtrW all of the coops Into 
negotiations with the un~ regardIrC Grooodwork 
Books, scheduled for todIri at 2 pm. Coop members 
say the General Store Coop will ramaIn open and In 
student power. 

....., ....... 1 ••• 

• 

'Ibunday, Januuy 16, 1992 'Ibc UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

THE C()'()P CONFUCT -

A.S. Resolutions Support Coops, 
Reprimand Administration 
., ....... Dan .... 
St6fr Kt1ter 

Amid recent controversy aOOconcemovcr 
the Co-ops, the Associaled SIudenIs passed 
mille resolutions Iasl night supporting the ~ 
cps and students rights, and condemning the 
Administration's actions. 

Over the last two months, beginning with 
Groundwodc's notificalion of its violation of 
the Policy and Procedure Manual (PPM) on 
Nov. 18. the University Cenrer Board (UCB) 
has been in need of student support of its 
actions, according to AS. members. 

The three resolutions passed last night are 
intended to represent the views of the whole 
student body pertaining to the students' right 
to control self-assessed fees aOO the right to 
create organizations to run them, AS. mem-
bers said. 

The AS. Resolution Concerning the Rights 
of Students and Student Organizations pr0-
motes students' rights to form organizations 
for diverse coUective interests. 

The AS. said thai they find inappropriate 
the administration's use of "excessive vio-
lence" yeslCrday to forcibly remove students 
from the General Store. 1be AS. also finds 
the administraaion in violation the co-ops' 
existing leAse. 

The AS. Resolution concerning UCB 
Rights supports the UCB policy stating thai 
University Center Director Jim Carruthers 
cannot alterthe relationship becwecn the UCB 
and theco:ops,as it violates !be policicsof!be 

boIUd. 
Molly McKay. !be UCB chair and co-

auIborof!be fllSltworesoiutions,said. "I was 
very proud of the AS. aOO the way they stood 
up aOO came together for student empower-
ment" 

1be AS. passed the fmal resolution 00 the 
position of University Center Director, repri-
manding Carruthers' actions against the UCB 
aOO the C<H>p5. 

AS. members noted that Carruthers is 
paid $70,000 per year from student self·as-
sessed fees, but has been answering to the 
administration, rather than the students. 

The A.S. said it intends the resolutions to 
act as a voice of the student body and as a 
message to the administration regarding stu-
dent rights. 

"1be resolutions carry weight in negotia-
tions with the administration, although, the 
resolutions don't mean a thing unless some-
body takes the initiative to use them," said 
AS. Vice President ExtemaJ Siarnak MaJek. 

At the beginning of the meeting, almost 30 
students assembled to express their concem 
over the co-op situation, and the urgent need 
for AS. support 

Comments ranged from outrage over the 
administration's actions to pleas to boycott all 
administration-run stores. 

David Lc:o, a ~ Cafe employee, asked 
the AS. to "heed the students' problems." 
because the administration "doesn't respect 

See U., page 9 

MEDICAL WARNING: 
Failure to attend the Ronkin 
MCAT course may be 
hazardous to your score. 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT. 
fo STUDENTS PER CLASS 

100 HOURS OF LIVE INSTRUCTION 
50 HOURS OF LIVE TUTORIAL 

NATIONAL 800 TELEPHONE HELPLINE 

3 COMPUTER-SCORED DIAGNOSTIC TESTS 

SCIENCE FLASH CARDS 

DoN'" DELAY. CLASSES BEGIN JANUARY 28. 

COSTA VERDE 
SHOPPING CENTER 

(619) 587·8600 

THE 

HUCATIOUL GROUP 

PROTEST 
ConIInued from .... 1 
c<Hlp situation from the co-op viewpoint. 

Several windows were broken during the 
protests as students milled about in support of 
the C<H>ps or just in general fascination with 
the events in progress. 

1be UCSD police secured the area while 
Tucker searched for documents pertaining to 
the audit. He left empty-handed. as both the 
General Store and the Food Co-op had re-
moved all such documentation from the pre-
mises. 

Tucker later said, "1lle purpose of our 
entry ... was to access the records [of the Gen-
eral Storec<H>p] ... we feared they were being 
doctored," 

Tucker said he was ure of the legality of 
his administrative move. while C<H>P mem-
bers declared the action illegal. 

After Tucker's depanure, several police 
officers remained to guard the store. Co-op 
members barricaded them in with anything 
they could find. By II a.m., the barricades 
were removed as students prepared to re-take 
the General Store. 

According to Tucker, the university's sei-
zure of the store was legal. 'This i a univer-
sity building. It 's ouroper.ltion and we can do 
what we want to do with it," he said. 

General Store member Jeff Corbett, how-
ever, said that the action violates the C<H>PS' 
three-year Space Agreement with the Univer-
sityCenterBoard{UCB), which states, "Given 
prior notification, C<H>P shall permit Center 
or its representative(s} to enter said pace 
during Co-op' s business hours, with 24 hours 
advanced notice required prior to any other 
entry, except in case of emergency .. . " 

Corbett said the C<H>PS received no such 
notification. 

Reporters from all major local television 
stations and newspapers appeared on the 
scene to record the protests, creating a bigger 
uproar as students began to pound more 
vigorously on the store's wood and glass 
structure. 

1lle crowd began to chant in unison, "We 
want the C<H>PS," but soon broke off into 
several different chants. 

During the confusion, Corbett asked by-
standers. "Are we ready?" Co-op members 
then unlocked the door at the east side of the 
building. 

"Come on. everyone. we're going in," 
Corbett cried. Corbett asked again if people 
were ready to enter. "Yeah," several people 
yelled. 

As Corbett said, "Let's go," a stream of 
about 15 students began to push in through 
police at the open door. Though the first few 
were pushed back outside. police soon gave 
up and left the store smiling. 

At that point, several hundred tudents 
inundated the store. "sitting-in" to keep the 
police out 

"1lle administration has broken the tru t 
with the students," said Jeanne Merrill, a 
Third College sophomore. 

Merrill added that she planned to sit in 
during the day and write to the administra-
tion. 

Students and co-op members remained in 
the store throughout the day to protest the 
administrative action. The General Store 
opened for business around the lunch hours, 
but re-closed at 2 p.m. so that the sit-in could 
proceed. As of pre s time, protestors planned 
to spend the night in the store to prevent 
police seizure. 

As far as looting during the tore's hours 
of chaos. Corbett said that he noticed no 

See LOCK-OUT, Page 8 

UCSD'S CLOTHING OUTLET 

SWffTERS 
tI2.99.,24.99 

SHIRTS 
t 14.99·t 18.99 

t JEANS 
,14.99 

50%-90% BELOW RETAIL 
JUST REMODELED! ---ILII ~::I~~:~ ,~ Z 0 N E 

8250 CImino Santa Fe Oust down the road) 
Go lilt on La JoII ViIIge Driw, 419* pat Hwy 8OS,Ieft on CamiIo SarU Fe 

NEW STORE HOURS: Tue.-Fri., 11 am-8 pm • Sat.-Sun. 11 am-5 pm 450-3323 ________ ....J 



OPINION 
• OPINION 

EnllORTA~ 
Editorial 80QTd 

JASON SNEll... EdlIOI' in Oller 
PETER KO. ManIainI Edit« 
MARY BETI'Y HEARD. News Ediwr 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion EdiIOr 

T.,UCSDG_ .. ,..._Iwi ... _ ..... u .. -,ar~s..Iliefo.c-..cl992. 
Vi ................. _ .. ....,_ar .. _-. ... __ ..aunIy_oI .. 
uc_ar--. .. ~_ .. _c __ . 

CO·op CALAMITY 

The Coops Must Be Preserved 
The university administralion's attempt to squeeze the SludenI co-

ops oul of existence took a decided tum for the worse on Wednesday 
when UCSD police broke inlo the General Slore Co-op shortly after I 
a.m. and changed it locks. The incident parked a day-long confronta-
tion. marked by the police's moming takeover of the store, and the 
students' subsequent forced re-occupalion. 

This action, rationaliud by the adminislrlltion as a "lawful" attempt 
to seize and audit the store's records, serves to confum everything the 
co-ops have been saying for years: the administration does /I()( have the 
best interests of the student in mind; it does not have any intention to 
act in good faith to resolve its dispute with the co-ops and. in fact. it has 
every intention of eliminating the co-ops altogether. 

The administration's action Wednesday was unlawful and 
unprovoked. By ordering the police into the tore, the administration 
violated the legally-binding pace agreement between the co-op and the 
University Center Board (UCB). The agreement state that representa-
tives of the university may only enter the facility during non-bu iness 
hours ifit hasgiven 24 hours advance nOlice, or iflhere isan emergency. 
The agreement defines an emergency as "a situation where human life 
orpropeny i in clear and immediate jeopardy and prompc summoning 
of aid i essential." 

The agreement i clear and unambiguous about what the university 
can and cannOl do. The university met neither condition authorizing it 
to enter the General Store. There was no emergency Wednesday 
moming. There was no fue. There was no robbery in progress. Indeed. 
when the burglar alann sounded at the store, it was because the police 
lripped it. And they certainly didn 'I give the co-op advance nOlice that 
they would be coming. 

But contractual obligalions and legal niceties are obviou Iy of no 
concern to the administration. Assistant Vice-Chancellor of Student 
Programs and Facilities Tommy Tucker seems to believe thar "elltenu-
a1ing circumstances" permit university authorities toenterthe building, 
and that's all that needs to be said. 

BUI what of Tucker's "extenuating circumstances?" The adminis-
tration argues that it was nece sary to enler the General Store for the 
purpose of seizing its financial records. The General Store is at present 
under scrutiny for some "questionable" business practices and several 
alleged violations of the university's Policy and Procedures Manual 
(PPM). The administration apparently believed thai the co-op was 
going to alter its records, hiding any discrepancies and thus blocking 
any further investigation into the store's finances. The General Store 
isn 't scheduled to be audited until next week, and, in any case, it doesn't 
even have the books. They were given to UCB Chair Molly McKay for 
safekeeping, so that doubts about tampering might be avoided 

Even now, the reasons behind yesterday's actions seem so com-
pletely mind-boggling that they would be laughable were it nOI for the 
gravity of the crisis.1llere is some question as 10 why the administralion 
felt the need to occupy the store and change its locks if all it really 
wan led 10 do was look at the co-op' records. The administralion's 
action gave the impression that il had much more in mind than simply 
verifying that thecolumns in the store's ledgers added up properly. And, 
to add furthermindles ness to its idiocy, the administralion initialed this 
calamity the day before negotiations with Groundwork Books, another 
co-op with its share of problems, were scheduled to begin. 

If the administration really intended to shut down the co-op indefi-
nitely. it handled the matter so brainlessly that it deserved to fail. That 
it could so completely underestimate the force of the inevitable student 
backlash proves that this issue is imponant to more than just a few 
"fringe" elements on this campus. It transcends ideology and reaffirms 
the co-ops' value to the UCSD community. Most ofall, it dernonstraIes 
thaI the people running this university are far more witless than anyone 
had ever imagined. 

The administration's overzealous pursuit of this matter (its non-
negOliabiestance, its refusal to recognizetheauthorityofthe UCB,etc.) 
has creared such shan -sightedness on its pari that it was bound to trip 
and fallon its own belligerent demands sooner or later. 

The administration and tbeco-ops both have bcensJoppy and stupid 
in this matter. Both have been blinded by their own interests, serving 
only to protract this conflict further. But the abuses of the former far 
outweigh the obstinance of the latter, 

Negotialions are still a must, but the co-ops ncedn 't have Illy qualms 
about taking this issue IS far IS they Wid it to 10. They have more 
ammunition now than they could have ever dreamed of havilll- A 
lawsuit would probebIy be jlJStirled at this point. for violations of the 
space qreement alone. If nothing else, it would at Iut put to I'CIlIIIY 
doubts about the rellrionship betwem the co-opallld the lIdminitlra-
lion. The issue will obviously neverbe rcsohuItoanyone' sSltisfKlion 
under Ihesc chIoIic c:in:umIIInca.. Bur one IhiDI is clear: the co-opI 
mUll survive.. 

Tbc UCSD Guardian Thunday, January 16, 1991 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

High Fees Equals Low Diversity . 
• Action, not lip service, is needed to stop students across the 
board from having their intelligences insulted by the system 
a,a.,e ........ 

5tJI1r~ 
Governor Wilson's recent proposal to raise 

UC foes an additional 22 percent and cut welfare 
has added insult to injury IS minority enrollment 
and cconomic weU-bcing continues to decline. 

ThetighdycontroUod,dwindiingresoun:esarc 
posing quite a problem in the area of ethnic and 
racial tolerance as those most dependent on ftoan-
cial aid scramble for a share in the power and 
privilege of an elitist educational sySlClll.. 

While there is nothing new about thisscnm1ble, 
its growing oompetitiveness is reminiscent of the 
I96Os, as is the number of students of color 
attending univenilics. 

The COdinuing rise in tuition and cuts in areas 
of reauitmentand rccentionofminorities.coupIcd 
with the Euroccnlriccuniculwn and laclt ofrqxe-
semarion of facully of color on college campuses 
pn:sents quite a pictun:: the UC system is not 
exactly throwing out the red carpet for minority 
students. consequently the people who wiD be 
"successful" in society will not be of color. Also 
nothing new. 

The intentions ofthosc in charge of the sysIem 
are even more questionable when we look at what 
is actually being done to combat this intolerance, 
boch on III adminisualive and a student level 

Administrators like UC President David 
Gardner have vinually worn out the issue of 
admitting a more diverse student population. 
1b='s nocbing wrong with talking Ibout it-
WJIcIs Ibcrc is little being done about it. 

Increases in high-intcresllolns. decreases in 
granIS IIOd acboIarships, and COIIIirud budact 
cuts Ieavc many 10 contend tbIl while the univer-
shiel arc III'eIIina divenily, Ibis cmphesjs 1M)' 
wdl be nodIioa but lip savic:e. since Ibcir ICCions 
enIail an IIfo&ether different inIenIioo. 

The IacltG ........ .."toCiale a moreechoi-
cally toIenat IIIIiIude is Jcavina questions in the 
minds of maD1 of the excluded, Those 
uodeu.....--s ... wIents wbo find refuse in 
pnlII_liIcIe BOP lad Ouia lee budp:u beina 

. cutoverIlldCMr .... lboIewbolreluctyeaoup 
10 fiad facuII:y ...... 01 CXIIGr .. a diripoput-
1ioaIIe ....-otwllile fIcuIIy. 

'DlllaoIiaD awallllllllYpdviIeeed ... .. 
.... -,..., .. ,pidt ....... .. 

by their own booIsIraps and push on if the system 
isn't helping them -IS if students of color don 't 
do this in many ways on a daily basis. 

II takes a bish dcgrecof individual confidence 
to identify support sysIans in a university that is 
not lepeseoaative of your own culture boch in 
curriculum and student popluJation.. And this as-
sertion. while tausbt in the suburbs of wealthy 
America. is often unheard of in cconomically 
depressed areas. 

The main approach of educational reformists 
has been to bomogellize students' needs, which is 
simply a tool being used in difficult economic 
times to rcdircct limited resources away from the 
educational interests of the underrepresented. 

Students coming from diverse backgrounds 
have diverse needs, and the effort 10 encompass 
the more needy has many white students (not aU) 
afraid of losing their slice of the pic. Bua never 
fear ... society is hcrc (fortbosc of you feel the pie 
itself should be yours). 

After aU. it's not just the educadonal system 
thai ill at faull- iI'S the syslell'l IS. wboIe, which 
is workioI very well for tboIc in economic and 
political power, 

The encouragement of a continuing d0mina-
tion over the weaIIb in this country by the ruling 
class is expected. 

And whal better place to implemaK il than in 
the educational system, where academic settings 
have reproduced the system which created them, 
by perpetuating Eurocenbic: idcoIogicsof a poup 
not ua:epling of many ocher culnua. 

America is • country IhIIl gets her future \cad-
ersand herclitefrom traditionalist instilUlionslike 
this one, and if SIUdenIs of color are beins fon:ed 
out of hip edliClIfioa by fee me.e. and 
cultural iaIoIennce.it ... ·t lake much 10 fipR 
out who wiD be IDIir8ininB control in this cou. 
try. 

III society • a wide. "bcIonM"" meanI 
for..., a .......... llofceftlinadbnl~­
ua 10 fit .., • llllinllreanl .... doesn'l com-
pIdeIy accept Ibem;-ifdleirpaniciplllion in this 
COUIJIIy"a ,..,.,.. is 01 DO v.aue. 

1bo_ideais .... aMDcedao ...... of 
CDIar iD ........ _llsr.: die ClOIIIribudoaa of 
dheae ... 01 .......... .... 

_ ......... ,...8 

11wnday, J8IlUMJ 16, 1991 

UCSD can benefit 
fromSDSU's 
tough times 
a, ...... CeIIIr 
Stlnlor 5tBff WHter 

11nc yean ago, during my fll'Sl year at UCSD, there 
was a town-haU-style meeting in which students were given 
the oppor1UI1ity to .. interact" with UCSD CbanccUor 
Richant Atkinson.. AI the time, some students were 
extrerne1y 'upset over an addition to Urey Hall which in tum 
would cause a good amowtt of eucalyprus trees to be cut 
down. Needless to say, many students put Atkinson on the 
hot seat, and there was a lot of yelling going on: 

"You're destroying UCSD's environmentl" someone 
screamed. 

In the short time I had been going to UCSD, I had 
noticed SOI'IlCIhin& suange about the environment here. and 
it wasn't the lack of trees. In the many years I had anended 
School in San Diego, the elcmcnwyljunior higbJhigh 
schooI/c:ommunity coUcge c:ampuses always had • rela-
tively diverse ethnic population. Well, until I C3IlC here. So 
I was curious, and wanted to know why UCSD w. 
different. 

'1fow CXII11C we don'tlme more minorities ~r 18Ibd. 
Dr. Atkinson cIidn'l have _ .. wer . ., don'l know," 

was the best answer he could Jive me. After the mecIiDa 
was over, the dtIncelIor .ppn&bt:d me and apoIoJcticaIly 
IOId me bow it wa. "damn" .a.mc dill UCSD dido't have 
more minorities, but dill he booatIy dido't know too much 
about the subject. AlkiNon told me to &alit 10 Joe WaIIOn, 
the vice chmceIIor of .............. affIira. He WII the 
min willi aU Ibe InbIDllioo. 

So 1 did. 
'"We've tried ~ 10" more minority 1ft""'" 

WIIIan ..... He told me"" bow IDIDJ local "''Cleats 
juI& don't Ioc* • UCSD •• viIIIIe opIion. Molt 1ft"'" 
he lAid. .. oj I adaied eo ., to S. DieF s-. 

"To be 6Iat, we'",. wit's end, .. W_ lAid. "Jfyou 
have." ideII. we'd be more .... ...,." 10 U-to them. " 

WeD Dr. WaIIOn, 1 .... 1;. may ... _ idea. 
YoalMY ...... the~-.y ill dies.. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

P ~Il IE 
Da cIIIIIIW .utw • .t In IDSU? 
As San Diego State UnMKsity faces economic 
hard times. the tunber of applications for 
admission to the school haw dropped off 
dramatlcaJly thls )'ear: 

"'_Ir~ 
-, ....... 

......... '10 '. Carlsbad . 45 8 
castle P8I1< 66 21 
Coronado 23 5 
Crawford 74 30 
escondido 22 5 
GrossnIont 52 36 
Helix 42 15 
La Jolla 71 36 
Mt. Carmel 148 47 
Pablct< ~ ~ 41 
Sweetwater 133 70 
TorreY PInes 92 32 

CIt .... 
_12% 
-.. _ 7. 
_1ft 
~= 
- ... " _41% 
'~= _ 47% 
.... 

D~go Union detailing bow applications to enroll at SDSU 
have dJopped Ibout 40 pcrcenI.lt's very Uily to see why 
hiablCbool and community coUesc students have 10st 
u.raa in SDSU, Of course. Stale has never been known 
for iIIlCademic qullil)'. bur despite its bed scholastic 
n:p ........ the achooI was still popular. -
. But SDSU's bungling throughout the current state 

budieI aUis 11M railed serious doubt in SDSU's quality 
and .. rauIted in • diminished number of students . 
IppIyina 10 the ICbool. . 

'I1Iia is. univenil)' thII fired aU of its p.n-timc instruc-
tors and lUI off IOIIIe of ill fuII-timers in Older to save 
1IIOIIe)'. SOSU's JUIIin8 G the J*&-dme fIcuIty made many 

classes unavailable. 
Many students are being allowed to graduate early 

because the school simply cannot afford to provide some of 
the basic classes they need to graduale. 

And of course, there's a fee increase coming'nellt year: 
SDSU students will be expected to pay more for a subpar 
education with overcrowded classes, classes that no longer 
exist, and instructors who are overworked. When it rains it 
pours ... 

There was a time when SDSU was so popular that it 
discouraged prospeclive students from applying. Now 
SDSU is in a position where it needs students. but those 
same students no longer want SDSU. These high school 
and conununity college students aren't stupid. They know a 
bad deal when they see one - and it's bad. Ve.ry bad. 

For all the nasty things that can be said about UC 
administrators, they have done a far better job of dealing 
with this budget crisis than their CSU counterparts. UCSO 
isn't even close to experiencing the chaos now gripping 
SOSU. And UCSD can take advantage ofthis when it 
recruits students of color. 

Growing up in San Diego, I know from my experience 
that whenever anyone thought of attending college it was 
San Diego State or nothing at all. . well, maybe USO. 
UCSD didn't exist in the minds of most students of color 
who thought about higher education. Enough students are 
now concerned about the educational and fiscal health of 
SDSU that they may be wiDing to look at other options. 

So Dr. Watson, the next time your outreach counselors 
ta1k to some 10cal high school and community college 
students of color, pose these questions to thcn1: 

• Would you l1IIher pay less for less at SDSU or a little 
more for quality 81 UCSD? 

• Would you like to know you'll be able to get the 
classes you need when you need to take them? 

• WouIdn't it be nice to know that you can get a college 
education completed in four or five years rather than the 
obligatory six or seven at SDSU1 

• Do you want a college diploma that will be wonh 
something when you graduate? 

I know your SDSU colleagues may get upset when you 
ask these questions to prospective students. They may even 
say you're knocking a "distant relative." But let's be 
honest, they are in the position they're in because: they are 
doing a bod job. UCSD needs to look out for UCSO's well-
being. And taking advana.ae of SDSU's hard times to 
SImIithen UCSO's relationship with San Diego's students 
of color is a step in the right direction. 



6 OPINION 

FREE 
DOliN 

910wers & 9f/s 
Costa Verde Center 

8750~Aft. 

CARNAnONS 

• San Diego, CA 92122 558-6666 1II.h JUl.huroU tOm B1R' "c "' .... • y,.ne, 01...1' 
... -

YEARS 
AHEAD 
HAIRCUTS by Mar 
Women $17 (reg. $25) 
"en $14 (reg. $19 ) 
UCSD SPECIALS 
Perm & Haircut $50 
or Highlight & Haircut 

8950 Villa La Jolla Dr., Ste. 2120 
FOR APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 

The "Sun" is always shining at ~ 
=,::;CI Trim & Tan ca1l455-~ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

°Flrst IIme eilenrs onlv wtrh rh ls coupon. 

30 TAN DAYS $29 ~~~ call 10( details· 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
Lo .. 6" GUlI'Mteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a tramporary wafer loss • Reduce cel1u618 and s1retch marks 

ri---------, 
I FREE \e I ljr!ll@l~~~~_L1 _ s.~:~~~ I 

h Chardan Enterprises 2422 Raymond S1-Ramona, CA 92065 eeF(819)78N523.. (619)789-3674 
Send $759 
only 

(price Includes shippI,. " IU) 

The Only 
Gel.packed Freezable Mug! 

llIalor 77at 1m 
-The leer- Is not just a mug. It has three 
distinct fln:tJons: 
• A bevenJCe cooIl~ ~ 
• A cooler sleeve for • beverage can 
• All Ice pack for YIX' cooler 

MUIR FRESHMEN 
a TRANSFER ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 
ObtaIn a job referral form at Part-TIme Employment and 

bring It to the Muir Provost <>mee, 2126 H&SS. 
Dn •• fw ",Ia"'._e ......" ......., 7 

This Is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job. 

The UCSD G ___ Tbw...." J......-y 16, 1992 

LL T H.RS TOT H~ EDITOR 

Bennan Misconstrued Coop Conflict 
. . 

F..diIar: 
rm wriIq Ibis Ieaer in lapel. 

toZll:lwy &erm.!'SlXiiu."yan 
Ihe ~ co-opWiwilllllliw dis-
pule. WIlle I beIie¥e ...... WII 
IIyina 10 paenI bodI .-.e. of die 
isaIe, be nBIe 111M)' anD, aomc C'l 
wIW::b_ian .... Amonalhele 
Ire Ihe UowinJ: 

·Bcinnmllliiiowi .... dleillue. 
a~bctween die ...... .... 
and GmnIwork..In fa1, die diIpuIe 
involves III four UCSD co-qlS. The 
ocher"tmeco-ops~ facing a Feb. 17 
deadIR IOdccide their_ 

• GmnIwadt is still a SIUdcrl 
orpIizaionuntilcutrailnegociMions 
beIwccn die co-ops ... the .Jminis.. 
InIIion provide a final resolution oldie 
issue 01 SIIIIUS. In fact, die main issue 
in the CUI'IM dispuIe is sIaIus (i.e., die 
righloilUOllOlllOUS SIIXIenI 0rganiza-
tions 10 exist on C311pI.&) and not 
payroll,aBemwt'saniclemighllead 
one to believe. 

• 8ennan suggests !hal "the ad-
minisaraIioo ought to give Gr0und-
work me more chance" to go on 
University payroU. On Dec. 16, 
Groundwork seru a Icar:r to Vice-
ClIanceIlor of UOOeajpidlare Affairs 
Joe WD1l\ offering to Ik> precisely 
thai. The ~ same day the .Jminis.. 
tnltion responded. Assistant Vice-
ClIanceIlor Tom Tucker replied that 
Groundwork must 88J'CIC to give up its 
SlUderaorpUzation swusor be"per-
manently e1imina1cd a a recail edity 
on this campus." 

NoIIIempt was made to respond to 
our good faithoffertogoon university 
payroll. The payroll issue is a pretext 
for !he cwrenl administration aaack 
on !he <XHlpS and noching more. 

• The Jeao;e lhaI!he ldninistration 
scntGroundwork.is a threo-yearlca<ie, 
not a nine-year lease. The two addi-
tional ~year pcriodsgo intoeffcct 
only if the administnItion agrees to 
renew. Notsurprisingly, Groundwork 
membelsarerduc1anrtosigna "sweet-
heart deal" which could result in its 
pcnnanerl eviction fum campus in 
thn:eycalS'timc. TheUninistration·s 
"swecthean deal" is a sweet and a 
deadly as hemlock. 

• The $SOO raised by Groundwork 
for legal dcfmse refers to monies col-
lected by Groundwodc in singJe..dol-
Jar donatioos in a single day. The c0-
ops' legal defense fuOO. Ihough 001 
huge, ismanytimcs greaac:rthan$SOO. 

Bcnnanhasa point whcnhe writes 
thal !he wiversity Ia more money 
and rille time to spend on a lawsuit 

CGnIInued tam .... 4 
devalued by whet have been sarcas-
tic rcspoIlSCS to continuin& endeav-
ors for equality - the Brtlllford VI. 
UC C8Ie is I perfect exampIc, in 
whic:b .."b:umelired studenIs _ 
now forced IO.-y 0111« .... fees 
and II'C noJonaereliJibiefor fedenII 
aid or Cal ar.nas.. 

lbissyaem has becomeamimlr 
of aociety: minority inIeresIa _ 
obviously not a priority. 

If !bey were. we wouldn't be 
sceina "' ..... droppint out of 
ICboolIO IUppOIt Ibeir r.aw. ia 
low-pl)'ina job8. OlDIe bids ia 
prison _In cone,e. ... wanaI 
still makiaa IDOIe _ 25 pen:aIl 
less ovaaIIlhIn men. 

The poa. is chis: not only are 
IJ10IlC ofthecampulClunwek:onUna 
IOWInIstudenI5ofc;o1or,buI itleCllJl 
like they lie doina !heir best 10 

at.. <:inuJdwak. bul be is aradY 
milliken when he says .... 0r0unIJ. 
wodt 11M I waaIt calC. '1lII:R's. ~ 
son whyOroundwork isllliD opmlhis 
~ and it tIM IloilO do with !he 
fact !hal we were piqlMId to sue the 
RqenIs for unlawful evicIion when 
they llltii'l*d 10 sOOt down Gnud-
work during winIer break. 

IhopeBemWlRlo1hel 00I1Cm1Cd 
l11Ciibeisof!he public take!hetirne to 
talk 10 members 01 Gnu!dwark IR1 
Ihe 01hcr c:o-aps. I'd be the firsI 10 
admit !hal the CI(H1pS make misIakes 
from lime 10 time. However. Ihe ad-
rniniSInIIion - by dle."ing evic-
tion,by withholding infumaion from 
000q)11lCI1lbeI s,andby flilingtoabide 
by !he COI1b1ICt signed by the Univer-
sity Center Board IR1 the co-ops last 
spring - is not acting in good wah. 

While some UninisIration con-
cerm might be IegiIimafc, the way !he. 
adminisIralion is scdcing to ~ve 
those 00I1CCIm is UIl'ICaIlIy. 

StrveDubb, 
Groundwork Books 

LookIIC tor AIimaI 
R81s1Ki1 AltamatiV. 
Editor: 

The decision by the University 
of California to promote !he use of 
alternatives in research employing 
animal subjects should be com-
mended. Perhaps now people will 
finally realize that animals deserve 
the same consideration for well-
being that humans extend toward 
one another. 

Yet, as praisewonhy as the deci-
sion to promoIe alternatives to ani-
mal experimentation is; the fact of 
problems of experimentation re-
mains: the mere use of non-human 
animals in experiments designed to 
provide human benefits. And, until 
people appreciate the fallacies in-
volved in animal experimentation, 
animals will never rcc:eive the con-
sideration they so deserve. 

Animal experimentation is not a 
scicntifacallyvalidrnethodofdcriv-
ing medical benefits for humans.. 
Although animals are complex or-

make Slayina in school a chalJcnge 
in ibeIf, despite propII1IIlike affir-
mative ud special action. The 
IIiama aIIIIChed 10 IheIe prosrams 
aYeS I11III) IIUdenIs ashamed to 
.... beina ICCCFIDd .... sucb 
COIacIiIioI .. wbea it isdeeply-IOOIed 
diIcriminIIory pgcdces 1ite 1rICk-
... and ItIIIdIIdiJIDCl tells normed 
on cD ...... culture which ~ 
meaalhe problem arty on. 

A 1986 SIUdy noted lhallhe typi-
cal aequence of civic IIId IiOCW 
IIUdiea cwlnCltjo., Iud not cbMtpd 
in 3O)'CII'I-lOIDCpeopie'sc:ullln 
.. been vinuaUy omiaedfrombia-
fOIy boob.lnd IhoIe now ....... 
10 IieI1Ihe InIe story fA die way Ibe 
West was won are COIIIiIIIIIy in-
sul1ed by uaditionlUsca. 

The fKllhIllNII)' ..... fA 
c:oIoc' are IUCCCSSfuI in !heir .... 
apirlIl sociesIII paIUIa in h .... 

pnisma and respond 10 sdmuli as 
much • humIns do, because of the 
physiological differences beIwccn 
bumanandnon-human animals, the 
actual raulll derived from animal 
apaimentalion are not applicable 
10 human condition&. 

These physioloaical diffcmlCCll 
~""animalsllenot suscep-
tible ro the strains of discMe !hal 
humans lie, wiU react to these af-
flictions differently, and that mcdi-
calions or techniques derived from 
experimenting on animals may 
hann, rather than benefit, humans. 
Similarly, behavioral studies em-
ploying animals are not applicable 
to human circwnstanccs precisely 
because the disorders that aftlict 
humans are caused by human cir-
cwnsl8l1Ces. Ultimately, in order to 
analyze the diseases and behavioral 
disorders thai plague humans, re-
searchers subjcc1 othelWise healthy 
animal subjects to conWtions de-
signed to induce such ailments. 

Fmally,theexploitationof animals 
forpurpoacsofscicntificrescarchcon-
sbtuleS spcciesism. favoring !he inter-
ests of one's own species and violat-
ing the interesIs of other species. 

Although a pamIJel can be ~ 
Iished between racism, sexism, and 
speciesism. the sutijugalion of ani-
mals lepiCSCiIlS !he i1lOSl abominabJc 
fonn of prejudice. discriminaling 
against rina1s simply because they 
are not human. And, whereas hunaI-
ity in genend has ~ved to rebuke 
racism and sexism, the practices of 
speciesism n:main embedded within 
!he psyches of all of us. 

1bJs, whilc the decision 10 p& 
mote alternatives to animal experi-
menIarion does represent a positive 
step by !he University ofCalifomia, it 

isthe~existenceofanimalexperi­
InelllatiOI1 that must be eliminalrd 

The University ofCalifomia, spe-
cifically UCSD, IJ.lUSl abaOOon its 
pound seizwe policy, by which hun-
dreds of animals (primarily dogs and 
cats) incarcaaaed in local shelters are 
provided to UCSD mcdicaIlabs. 

The practice of conducting ani-
mal experiments with no scientific 
value or merely to duplicate results 
that have already been proven must 
also be abandoned. Ultimately, 
whatever argument the scientifiC 
community uses to justify animal 
experimentation. such practices are 
scicntiflC8lly invalid and tolally rep-
rehensible. 

Brian Hook 

education aacsts 10 !he c:onIinuing 
enduranc:e of rn=n ps like dIOIIe 
advanced by Dr. Kina- It is not 
exceptional trealmedlbalis wanted 
by undeuqJleacnled IIUdenIL b is 
equal balllneJilinlbemidllofcbni-
... powers who continue to ex. 
aoI Ibeae inldbllions and derive 
beaefiIB for IbemIeIvea. 

Adion. II1d not lip service. is 
needed to Itap ........ acrws Ihe 
lard 110m 1eeIina. iflheir lnleIIi-
acnce is beioa inIulIed; from the 
iuue of the c::o-op. 10 edInk and 
.......... a. 

So willi's die .-wer, we alit 
ouneIveL WIllI '*' we do on an 
intIiritJutIIltwllOcomIIiIIlhis pr0b-
lem? Be fair 10 C8Ch adler, and reaJ-
iJe _Ioviq one anodIer is not I 
....... ideIlildcnodon Inlaysacm 
In deIpea_ need ~ I cbIIIfe in 
~ 1OIe .. .:e.. It spada. 

1'banda)', J......, 16, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Ubrary Is Open, butAccess is Umited 
., •• ' ... D ...... 
StMfM1fet 

After mondIs of waiting for the 
f'rtddoonoftheCcntnil Library to 
open. students and faculty were dis-
appoinIcd IMtwcckrofind the tower 
closcdandonly thefronlwinpopcn. 

Aa:ordins to Library Adrninis-
tnIlOr PhyUis Mirsky, the resbictioo 
of areas is due to renovlllions and 
relocalionofbooks. 1bctowerm»-
vation, which is expected to last 
eight 10 ten i11OIGJs. will include 
installation of new wirin& plumb-
ing and electrical fixtures and a ~ 
decoration. 

For now, !he entire book colJcc.. 
lion is being moved down from the 
tower into the new east and west 
wings. So far, only pan of Ihe col-
Icction is available for browsing, 
although the library administration 
expects the move to be completed 
by Jan. 20. 

Both the east and west wl~ display signs restricting public access. 

Meanwhile, anyone who wants a 
book from those SliU-inaccessible 
shelves has to "page" it from the 
front circulation desk in either wing. 
Mirsky said retrieving a requested 
book takes between two and four 
hours. 

The reduced access to books has 
had an affect on frequent library 
users. Fifth College senior Andrea 
Sabo said she has found that paging 
books can bea major inconvenience. 

Sabo, who is helping with ~ 
search for History Associate ~ 
fessor Rachel Klein, has had to 
schcdulehertimecarefulJyroaUow 
limeforbookstobelocared. "S0me-
times books I page can 't be found at 
all, and when they are found, it's 
confusing where I'm supposed ro 
pick them up," she said. 

But, Sabo added, the library staff 
is '1lclpful and patient" in auisting 
students. 

A SlUdcnr wishing to page a book 
should request it at the circulation 

desk and will be required to fiU out 
a short fonn for library staff. 

Students paging books need to 
koowexactly which books they want 
IlJld until the entire collection is 
moved. some subject areas will not 
be available for browsing. 

Knowing the call number is not 
necessary, however, as MELVYL 
terminals are now operational. 
Bookscanbepickedupatthecircu-

FIRE 
ContInued from .... 1 

While a construction worker 
did try to put out the fire with an 
extinguisher, some flames shot 
uptbrough a small opening in the 
venicaljoint and spread up to the 
I2thOoor_ 

The San Diego Fire Depai1-
ment was notified at II: 10 am. 
and arrived by 11: 14 a.m.. Ac-
cording to Macdonald, 14 units 
with over 60 firefighters re-
sponded. 

"The workers here helped [to 
- control the fire] before we got 

KEVIN 
COSTNER 

.WlllmI .. 

JFK 
n....,n. .... ,Ge.., 

lation desk in the east wing. 
According to Mirsky. the west 

wing houses special collections, 
music, reference, govenunent docu-
ments, current periodicals, newspa-
pers and microfonns. 

The east wing provides library 
cards, holds pick-up, Library Ex-
press, class reserves, search/page 
requests, photocopiers and library 
infonnation. 

here and we did the rest," he said. 
The advisory stated thal the con-
struction workers and medical 
center physical plant staff used 
extinguishers to control the fire. 

The building area is part of 
the final phase of a $37 million 
renovation and expansion. The 
expansion adds space for patient 
programs, offices and waiting 
rooms while the renovation up-
grades the electrical, heating and 
air conditioning systems, and 
seismically upgrades the entire 
facility. 

No significant delay in con-
struction is expected. 

NOW PLAYING 

NEWS 7 

's Most U 0 
Liquor Store 

We have a fantastic 
selection of imported and domestic 

wines and beer 0 gourmet cheese, pastries, and 
chocolates 0 salads 0 sandwiches· Bud's ice cream· 

gourmet coffee· espresso/cappuccino o lotto/lottery • 
office supplies 0 unique gifts • San Diego's best 

selection of cards 0 custom gift baskets 
o and a lot more ... Visit us and see! 

Special 
KEYSTONE 

24-paclcs 

$8.99 
....... uppllH ... t 

3251 Holiday Court. La Jolla· (619)455 -1414 

EVERY 
THURSDAY tT 

PACIFIC 9€ACH $1 00 COCKTAI LS ' 
$ 2 00 BOlTLE BEER 

8 PM TO (LOSE 
860 GARNET AVENUE 

Welcome Back Students! 
Bound labJe.Pi7za 
~De8ver~ 

457-2060 
UCSD 

Price Center/Bulls Eye Tavern 

----------r---------UR7~aurrIS200 ~ Sgglb -off~ 8 plus tax $1 QQ off ~m \Wb naItI a PCXIId ct Pizza 
tflee~ OaiJ It: VCSD PrIce Center 

o.IJ It: VCSD PrIce Center Bu. Eye Tnerll 
~EJeT.ftn fl'~ 457-" 
==- Round ONy __ 
:=::r Table. :;:.:, 
_...... ......... ...... ..... LiaoIIod 
.....,- Pizza-..y-. 

~l'r. Round 
Table. 
Pizza ~-,- ....... ~-

• II.. .,. ~ .... ""'JllJIn • II" 147 oar .... "'" VIJin 
.._-------------------



8 NEWS The UCSD GIIU'CIim 'l'banday, J.....-y 16, 1992 

THE C()oP CONFUCT . 
Srore. "We came up here and the 
keys wouIdn'. fit into the locks," 
Corpuzsaid. "We were in a Slate of 
shock." 

Wednesday momina, campus 
poIic:e denied dial they worked on 
the locks. "We always get blamed 
foreverylhina. "said a plain-<;Iothes 
offICer. "We were just there 10 make 
sure no one was beat up." 

Women's Studies Major 
Approved byPla1nlng, Budget 

LOCK-OUT 
ConIInued .......... 3 
shoplifting. "I lhink it's saferto have 
all these people in here than the 
police," he said. 

The Locksmith 
The closing of the General SlOre 

did no( begin with the invasion yes-
terday morning, but actually some 
hours earlier when the administra-
lion broke into the General Slore 
and replaced the locks. 

Tucker said, "A W1iversity entity 
refusing to give infonnation to an 
internal audit is unacceptable. We 
decided we needed IOseaJ the infor-
mation [in the store1. That's why we 
changed the locks - thal would be 
a routine action." 

At I: 15 am., the alarm at the 
General Store co-op went off. 
Corpuz said he received a call from 
the alann company that the store's 
alarm system was tripped, but "c0-
op members" called 10 shut it off. 

Corpuz said he then telephoned 
the UCSD police station. He was 
told that police had been sent to 
investigate, bUI found nothing 
wrong. Because of recent conflicts 
between the co-ops and the admin-
istration. particularly the shut~wn 
of the Groundwoflc. Books co-op 
over winter break, Corpus became 
suspicious of foul play. 

Before 2 a.m., he picked up 
Corbett at his off--campus home, 
and the two went to the General 

The two broke a window to gain 
enlrancelO the building. They again 
called the UCSD Police Dcpar1ment 
to ask about a break-in. but were 
given the same reply, said Corpuz. 

Eventually, the two found a 
UCSD police officer who was al-
legedly watchinS the co-op. Asked 
if the breaIc-in was administrative, 
the officer replied, "Absolutely," 
Corpuz said. 

When asked why the change of 
locks was perfonned 81 I: 15 am., 
Tucker said, "We tried until 5 p.m. 
yesterday (Tuesday 110 get {'mancial 
information - we were concerned 
with what was being done with the 
infonnation . .. it was also a matter 
of when a locksmith was available." 

Corbett and Corpuz called other 
co-op members, who slepc in the 
store until the Wednesday morning. 

Sascha Paris, a Fifth College se-
nior-and Grove Cafe custodian, said 
he witnessed the breaIc-in early yes-
terday morning. "'just punched out 
when thealann went off - I looked 
over and saw a heavy guy wor1cing 
on a lock" at the General Store, 
surrounded by three police officers. 
he said 

Paris said the man working on 
the lock resembled Tucker, whom 
he bad seen bef<n. The police were 
hunched over the locks, but Paris 
said he could not leU whether or not 
they were working on the locks, or 
whether the man was indeed Tucker. 

Paris said he noticed poIic:e ap-
proechina the area 81 about 12:30 
am. Because he has WOItcd .. the 
Grove three nights per week over 
the past year, he recognized dial the 
nwnberofthe potice in the area was 
deftniteJy out of the ordinaIy. "The 
poIic:e were there .. least 45 minUICs 
beforethealann wenloff, "headded. 

Paris said he stayed after work 
to investigate. Aa:on1ing to Paris, 
the heavy man worked on the locks 
for about 20 minutes after the alarm 
went off. A14 a.m., co-op members 
changed the locks back, according 
toCorbeu. 

In Search of an Audit 
The administration has been pur-

suing the audit of the student c0op-
eratives since November. 

., ............. 
Gu.., Reporter 

After months of waitina. the 
Conunitteeon PlanninglOd Budget 
(CPR) met yesterday todilcuss the 
proposal for a Women's Studies 
major. The commillee made a 
"Wl8nimous 1CiCOI11i11Cl1dation for 
passage of the propo6aI," according 
to Peggy Thompson of the AI;;a-
demic Senate office. 

The Commine on Educational 
Policy (CFP), which approved the 
proposal in an Oct. J 991 meecing. 
has been waiting since then for the 
CPB n::cofJmendation. The min-
utes of the CFP meeting staled the 
"members voted to give provisional 
approval with continual approval in 
two years." 

Members of the Women's Re-
source Center said yesterday that 
they had become frustrated with the 
CPB because the progress of the 

In a Nov. 18lener to the Univer- delayed until this quaner. 
sity Center Board. University Cen- According to Corbett, an agree-
ter Dircclor Jim Carruthers wrolc ment was reached earlier to n=veal 
that, because of alleged violations financial information this Tuesday, 

. of the Policies and Procedun=s but on the recommendation of the 
Manual (PPM), the Groundwork co-ops' lawyer, the audit was de--
Books co-op would change its sta- layed until next Tuesday by an oral 
IUS from coopenuive to contract agreement with UCSD Internal 
vendor, like any other student busi- _ AudiL 
ness. '" want you aU 10 understand 

lnaddition,theotherCC)-(1pSwere that we did not refuse an audit, 
offered the choioe of bccoming uni- ever," CoIbeu said ina KSDT radio 
versity auxiliary enterprises or con- interview. 
tract vendors within 90 days and Tucker, though. said the co-ops 
would be audited within 30 days. were uying to avoid an aldit be-
By mutual consent, the audit was cause of alleged fanancial impro-

HP95LX 
Palrntop PC 

The Muir College Graduation Committee invites 
t 992 Seniors to audition to be this year's Senior 

Commencement Speaker. Auditions are on 
Friday afternoon, Februay 7th. 

\\lith 
Lotus® 
1-2-3® 

For further information, and/or to sign up for your 
five-minute audition, contact Karen or Chips in 

the Dean's Office H &"SS 2126; phone 534-3587. 

......................... 
• •••• I 

• • • 
ueSD SPECIALI 

" ... a warm, party 
atmosphere ... for 

serious pizza eaters ... " 
Jack 1VbJte, CbanncllO 

restaurant critk 

7-: ;: I~. 
~~ ...... ]J • 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Tired of the same 01 ' cardboard pizza? I 

PC power 
in th~ palm of yo", hand 
Built-in: 

• Lotus 1-2-3 Release 2.2 
• Complete set of organizer tools 
• HP financial calculator 
• Data communications 
• Plug-in card slot 
.SI2K RAM 

proposal was halted when it reached 
the committee. 

Stephanie Jed, director of 
Women's Studies, was "really 
ple&1ed" with the CPS 1CiCOI1lITIen-
dation. ".t is a big reliefto know that 
the university is supporting student 
and faculty inlCreSIS," she said. 

The next Slep for the major will 
be 10 infonn the Academic: Senate 
chair and the vice-clax:ellorof aca: 
demic aft'airsofthe CPS '5 approval 
of the proposal. The fiMJ decsion to 
create a Depanment of Women's 
Studies will be up 10 the vice-chan-
cellor and the system wide adminis-
tration. 

Jed said she feels theadminiSlra-
lion will "rubber-stamp it" without 
a problem since all other UC cam-
pusesalreadyhaveaWomen'sStud-
ies department. Implementation of 
the program at UCSD should be as 
early as next fall, she said. 

prietics. "The Internal Audit Office 
has asked the General Store on two 
or three occasions for accounting 
information," but, Tucker said, the 
co-op did not comply. 

Because of this, Tucker argued, 
the changing of the locks and the 
closure of the General Store was 
justified. 

Corbett said, "We are not afraid 
of an audit This isa totaIly~­
ish act." 

-'.D alltle __ EdIIIDr ..,. 
W .......... IdtDr -, Betty 
........ ItIIIIWI'IeIr DIMd ... 
CCIIIbtbut.d to tNI ..,. 

Link to your PC with the optional Connectivity Pack Call BJ's for gourmet quality. • 
• I ! r-S-3--0--0--0-FF-;; -.;.:di:,;.-.~ -1 ! • I la,.. ploa I I 
• I Bft PImrlo. I'IetlSIt ptrstrIJ CfJU/1OrI*" orrIerl",. F.JqIIns J/3fY92. 1.1 I L ______________________ ~ 
II • I 8873 V1UalaJoUaDr. Lajolla ViJlaseCenter 455-0662 • 
I UCSD's original Ptzzerla is sttIJ the best! I 
~ .............................. . 

Allw.y . ..... 1'.IItIG •• ph . • n.! T •• ".laI~ .r. nut incluJ".t 
in Ih.Ur "lX. lo" ••• n.! 1·2·).", U.S. r~ti'I.' • .t 
I •• .te" ... '" an.J All way. i . a U.S. I • .w"n... uI Lol ... 
Duelopo"'''1 C .... "" ... ;.,n. 

r~ ... HEWLETT 
':1:.1 PACKARD 

UCSD BOOKSTORE • II ~I I I'" ,~ I,!, 
OPEELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 N: lION· FRI lAM· ePII AND SAT 1M .. - SPM 
-- --- - -----

Thunday. 'aDUM'J 16, 1992 

., ............. . 
Sf6fr1Mw 

Strong Sanla Ana winds whipped dnugh San Diego 
County Wednesday causing minor propeny damage to 
theUCSDcampus. 

While exact figures were not available from Physical 
Plant Services, the winds blew over several trees across 
campus. • 

According to the Nibonal WeatherService,the north-
easterly gusts were leconied 8130 knocs. There were also 
unoffICial reports of winds blowing up to SO knots in the 
mountain regions. 

The SIrOIlIIUSlS in the mountains forced CaITrans to 
close InterstaIC 8 after two accidents occurred involving 
semi-bUCks. 

The San Diego police cited nomajorpropenydarnage 
or accidents due to the high winds in the La Jolla area. 
However, there were scaaered minor incidents. 

"Any time there's high wind. there are reports of 
downed lines, trees falling and broken windows, but no 
signifacant damage has been brought to my attention," 
said Bill Robinson, Public Infonnation Officer for the 
San Diego Police. 

San Diego G. and Electric reported the loss of power 
to 3,616 customers from north of Ardadt Road 10 Torrey 
Pines Scenic Drive and between InterSlate Five and the 
Pacific Ocean. 

A.S. 
ConIInuId flam .... 3 
alternative organizations on 
campus." 

In addition tothethree~ 
lulions passed by the A.S., last 
night the executive commit-
tee of the Graduate Student 
Assembly (GSA) approved a 
resolution backing the resolu-
tion that the UCB passed on 

Monday, which reprimands 
Carruthers for his aUeged via-
lationsofUCB policy and asks 
that he be removed from co-op 
affaiIs.accordin&to VicePresi-
dent External Brian Ladner. 

The GSA is holding an 
emergency meeting Friday in 
order for the entire GSA to 
VOle on the resolution. 1be 
meeting will be in the GSA 
offlCC at 4 p.m. 

1bc UCSD Guardian NEWS 9 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The IIIIIIP81Ens for Friday, 
SIIIudII¥, n:I &nIIri ~ s... 
DiIe> Ccu1y. 

, 
j 

I~~ 

D~tlBD I SUnny with I SUnny and warm. Z SUnny and warm. weakening SMta ~ Ana windS. . • 
.., 
(feet) (Seconds) 
Friday: 3-5 14 ; 
Weekend: 4-6 • 

~ 
W 
Surfing 
Conditions: 

GOOD 

i 
,~ 

Average temperatures 
for "'Iair are: 

58/64 

THE MODERN MUSIC QUARTET 



10 The UCSD Guardian 'lbunday, JaDUU')' 16, 1991 

Software Design Engineers in Test Development 
Full-time and Summer Positions 

When you think of high quality per onal com-
puting products with staying power, you think of 
Micro oft. We wrote the book on operating sy -
tern with MS-DOS. Now, Microsoft Windows 
graphical environment version 3.0 is fast becoming 
the interface of choice throughout the world. 

Products like Microsoft Word, Excel and Work , 
to name a few, have stood the test of time ... and 
we're working on revolutionary ideas right now that 
will become tomorrow's software classics. 

Our best-selling products don 't stay on the 
helve for very long. They re the pride of our top-

line team of software professionals. 
Your challenge is to u e the latest in software 

development tools and methodology to design 
develop, and implement testing software and test 
cases. Contribute to produ'ct design by reviewing 
specifications and defining problem areas. Trou-
bleshoot software bugs to find faulty source code; 
recommend and implement changes. Design soft-
ware on 80386, 80486, and RISC-based machines 

that are connected to XENIX®, MS-DOS, and 
OS/2 file servers. Work as a team member on pro-
jects such as operating systems, networks, compil-
ers personal and business applications software, 
graphical interfaces, handwriting technology, and 
multimedia. Microcomputer programming experi-
ence IS necessary. 

You'll find that Microsoft is a company like n<? 
other. No suits or ties here. No corporate red tape. 
Only the freedom to be yourself. To do your very 
best...creatively, energetically and wholeheartedly. 

When you realize that your work can directly 
impact the personal computer technology of the 
future, you'll think about long-term plans. 

If you are pursuing a degree in Computer Sci-
ence, Math, Electrical Engineering or a related 
discipline, we'd like to talk with you at our On-
campus Interviews. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and 
are working toward a more culturally diverse 
workplace. 

Thanday, J......, 16, 1991 

GuriIn Ale f'IUI 
In his second year as head coach, Doug Boyd has made some changes 
that he hopes will Improve the UCSD swimnl,. program In the future. 

SWIM 
ConIIIIued .......... 18 
doing a lot better things in workout 
than they were capable of doing1ast 
year," Boyd said. 

The team ttains two hours in the 
morning. and chen two JJI(R in the 
afternoon. 

Aside from the time spent in the 
water, the team lifts wcighIs thRe 
times a week, and does dry-land 
workouts, which include running 
and working with the medicine ball, 
two times a werL 

Boyd tries to keep a variety in the 
training program so IhIlIbe swim-
mers mainIain interest. 

"Basically what we tty to do is 
keep it varied so that they don', lose 
interest and don 't do the same things 
over and over again. .. Boyd said. 

Overthewinterbreak.Boydsaid 
the team swam about 10 miles a day 
for two weeks. 

Since finals were a week later 
this year than 1ast. the team trained 
for a week, went home for Ouist-
mas. then came back and trained 
again for another weck.. 

Boyd said the ~ work-
OUIS Ibis year were much more in-
tense than last season. 

"Because of the training they did 
last year and some of their summer 
preparation and the way lbeytrained 
this fall, we were able to step up the 
Ouisunas training a lot IIICR than 
we did last year," Boyd said. 

BesidesIlllRdif6cultworkOU15, 
anodIer cIJan&e bas been a dealC8Se 
in the team size. While last year the 
team had about 55 members, this 
year Ih= are only 37. 

Boyd believes IhIr sIDJkioa the 
size or the tam .... beJped to im-
provetheoverlllqualityoflbeswim-
men on the SQU8d. 

"We're a toe ~ orpniZIcd, 

SCORE 
c .. 'I"',.... 
1IIIIIr. It .. limply a loninder 
dud they weAl alive. ADd they 
werm't "'10'" eo JOIO wm'. 

'1doo'tcwo"""""'wbowoo 
the poe., .. my ex smber told me. 
few weeks..,. ., tbir* UCSDbeIIt 
III by aloe. But it didn', _." 

SpodI8I'eac:ddlil"'~­
especially In Ibe c.:e ~ deIIb ... 
.... UCIion. 

We were nm .... IbouI die 
deIIb IIId daaucdoa pM a yo. 
aao 1Oday. when the Out, w. 
aned. 

On die Muir CoIIep field in 
1973, aJlOllPofUCSD IIId l.oJoIa 

able to give the kids JJI(R attention 
than we did last year. And we're: 
able to split the groups more specifi· 
cally so that they can train more: 
specifically for their event than last 
year." Boyd said. 

Overall, Boyd is very happy 
aboul the way things are going for 
both the men's and women's teams . 

• "We're: going to do gn:aL I'm 
reaDy happy with what's going on," 
Boyd said 

Coming up for the Tritons is a 
big meet with the Kenyon College 
Lords. 

Kenyon is UCSD's rival scbooI 
and the defending naaional champi-
ons forbolhlbe men and the women. 

Last year. the UCSD women 
finished second natioriauy, behind 
only Kenyon. while the men fin-
ished third. behind Kenyon and 
CIan:monL 

Insteadoflooking at the Kenyon 
meet as a must win situation, Boyd 
is trying to arrange it in a way that 
will draw Ihe most interest,andhope-
fully a large crowd. 

"We're not turning it into a meet 
where il's do or die. .. whal we're 
uying to do is make it as exciting as 
possible," Boyd said. 

1be formal of the meet will be 
quilCdiffuenl from tbatofpastcom-
petitions. 

Insteadofhaving IS men and IS 
women swimming. there: will be 12 
men and 12 women. 

This will allow more national 
champions and ruoner-ups to go 
bead-kHIead with e.;h other. 

"We're going to march up all the 
evenIS. We'U have oodles of DB-
IiooaIc:b8qJionsgoinghead to bead 
apinltcachodlcr. Wc'Dbavecbam-
pions going apiost runner-ups in 
aImoIt every event. " Boyd said. 

1be meet will be held at UCSD 
on Feb. 1 at II .. 10. 
nrabY players were reminded just 
bow wooderftd it is to be alive. 

1'bIt ..... - ... die joy abe 
pIayen felt in IearniJII II - is far 
IIIIR iaqJcJcud Ibm Ibe blue ... 
auld .......... inlbe UCSD 
&YDL 

h'. DOl a Ilia ..... ofbileoly. But 
while Ibm _ ~ few Ilia ..... 
... ~ knowa IbouIIbem, 
IIIcre are "* ~ ...u .... like 
lbiaoac. 

They don'l iIWoIw: ... pIayen. 
rec:onl-brelkina peaMnDMcca. or 
DIIionII ~ Tbcy in-
voIve ... people. 

And ........ inlOlDeW8)'.1hoIe 
_s-uofbialory.flrmcn 
..... 

The VCSD Guardian SPOIlTS II 

QO~[Q)[]w 
CS@lli:J 05100 OJJ CSTI ~ OM dDt 

Central Library is Moving ... 

The Central University library will be moving into its new addition during the 
earty weeks of the Winter Quarter. 

Regrettably, we expect some materials and some services to be 
unavailable for short periods of time, but we will try to minimize any 
Inconveniences that occur. 

Dally updates on the progress of the move will be available from the library 
staff by calling 534·3336. 

We encourage you to contact library staff with your questions. 



.' 

r. 

12 CLASSIPIBDS 

ANNOUNCEr~lENTS 
ASIOlNTERNSHlPSl()ppor.nIIIb 
...... I .... conIICII.c:IIrIfy'*-' 
goal.. gain valuable .xperlence. 
enhance r •• um.1 Application 
DEADLINES: 1131-80 (aprlng). 
NaIIonII (unmer); 2I1-CA (eumnw). 
Price CenIar. 3rd Floor. CaI~. 
(118-1/18) 
RISC Al-CAL Vd 'i1 IheIIa tor .. 
Tuea-Fri 10-1 in the Price c.ne.. (11 
13-1116) 
Norf'I CounIyCoaa&llGr-.lIINCtird 
lhureday 0( hi IIICInh Jarury 18 we 
wII cIIec:uu!he hom.I ••• problem'" 
the Green reepcne a plan hi Green 
agenda tor llH12. l.WIariIrI FeIIowthIp, 
l038So1.wDr .• ~BMch. 7 p.m. 
Alarewtlcome. 7~Of434-7515. 
(1/13-1118) 

These people must like 
you! Please fmd their 
ads for proof that 
UCSD gets the very 
best bargains. 

UCSD CLOTHINfI 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. <450-3323 

UCSDUYS 
Ashoka Indian Cuisine .454.Q63 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
La Jolla Bnlwing Co ..... 456-BREW 
Papachino's ................. 546-7666 
Yakimono ..................... 452-<4255 
Salsa Rio ..................... .453-'4050 
Heidi's .......................... 450·3044 
La Salsa ....................... 455-7229 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSO 
Choices ........................ 554-FOOO 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ......................... .. 450·9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587~ 

UCSDHAlR 
Young AIIitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair. PB ........... 273·2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
Rocco·s. UTC ............... 455-()42() 
Essence Salon ............. 453·94n 
We care Hair ............... 587-CUlT 

UCSDBEAUTY 
Trim a Tan ................... 455-0909 
PlnwheeIa ..................... 558·1858 
Haile by Jennifw .......... ~ 
Azita Electrolysis .......... 454-6980 

UCSDHEALTH 
aFIINESS 
Being At ....................... 483-i284 
CIasaicII Eye ............... 452·7374 

UCSD FLOWERS 
FIoww BaskeI .............. 455-5545 
DIva Row.rs ................ 558-6888 

UCSDTRAVIL 
CouncIl Travel .............. 452.0830 
College Tour. ............... 455-0747 

UCSDIIC. 
Cal eopr ...................... 452-t848 
abic TrIIIef ................ 883-1. 
BonuI BungM ............... 7272 
PIper T,.. ............... 450-1211 
z.n K&n Futana .......... 270-3810 
VIdeo GIIIIry ............... 452·1788 
The a.. e.g MIn ...... 57H1~ 
Futana 4 a.- .............. 57H145 

Tbc VCSD Guardia 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word incremenls. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $II for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to 1be UCSD Guardian) or pr~s~nted in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Tluusdlly for 
MondDy's issue, and 3 p.m. MondDy for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any adv~rlis;ng including but notlimit~d to companionship ads. For 
more in/ormation call 534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La 10110, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: StudentCenterA.top/loor. 

UNOERGRAUNOI Theatre'. apec:iaI 
meellnglGelInvolved Inexdllng IIUdent 
IhNn projectI on~. Learn how 
- tH1Ight. 8 p.m •• PC a.IIIry B. InIo at 
558-8892. (1/18) 
UNOERGRAUNDI Thealre's special 
meelinglll Become a member IWld Il'IIIke 
yowown ...... onC!l"JlUl-TUMday. 
Jan. 21. 8 p.m .• PC GaIIety B. c.IIlvan 
at 558-8992 for mOte Into. (1116-1121) 
Help bring the world into focu . ... 
Become a Fifth College 0rientaIi0n 
Leaderl Get job referral from Part-time 
Employment: bring to FIfItt College 
Adviaing. 412 MMe. for appIioIIlion. 
DeadlIne: February 3. (M6) 
GoY. Wilson: Due to curent finandaI 
c:onI1ralnts. the light at the and of hi 
tunnel wII be turned off until furIher 
nob. (1/16) 

SERVICES 

PIANO LESSONS ... be tunl Patient, 
uperiellCed. local tNcher. Allewia 
weIcome.'-" Kurland. 457-8085. (1/ 
16-2110) 

WANTED 

BIac:tt 81 Vob 1QOi' CIbrioIet S4p. 
$800 DInan puIout ..... 71K ...... 
muat .... ".8S1801 b.o. Suft)oard8·S". 
G.C. Fullnclapleatl. StyIIngblueflldl 
to SJMft .. brush. 1150. Srian 551-
8708. (1/16-1121) 
Gel 10 c:tau _tI Eaay p8I1Ingl 1 SI86 
Honda EIhe 80 $600 ob.o. Daya: 552-
3086 Bob. (118-1118) 

UCSD Campua Tour GuIde poIItIona 
available. eom.cttw part-time Itudent 
employment ofIioe today. (1/1H118) 

Swwt Scooter: 1988 Honda Elite 80. 
0uIg0ing. enhIaIMtic. PN-Ift. pre- CIeIn. lowmilM.runsgreatl$600o.boO. 
mecf. buiineumljors wiiI ~ 272~ eYeIliiga. (119-1/16) 
reIIdiona ori8mIIIIoI • . HouIty + bonua. 
587-1800. (118-1118) 
ECE 146A tutor neededl Contact RIck 
at 792-8178. (118-1116) 

T~WIf1Ied lOin. perwtek. 
0utieI: invite people to inv .. tment 
...... publclllrary.~: 
$MY guaranteed + $2Iatlendee. Cal 

Keith557~1' . (1/13-1/18) 

1874 DodgeClwgerSE.318c:u.in. V8. 
runs good. $85OIbeat. Dave 534-70S16J 
453-2818. (1113-1118) 
Vall '81 AI-CAl aheb for .. at RISC 
table Tue-Fri. 11>-1 In 1he Price Center. 
(1/13-1/18) 
VW Rabbit '79 Auto. good e= 
excellent body. need trans reseal. 
o.boO. 459-8182. (1/13-1130) 

'IbuncIay, Jaa..., 16, 1992 

KITCHEN GOODIES. New CUIIng 
boMI (IN ........ Ig). awo-ov.t .... 
.... 1 w-' ..... nrlao ..... 712· 
_.(1111) 
....... SE: 4 meg RAM. 10 mag 
lin cIIk. 2 .... clrMa.lW n prtnIar. 
.. 11700. JoiI'2n..t5751¥a (1111) 
HondaElllIOMubicoc*I.1I15fIIW 
... ......, ...... bMllal.lllMlehIpa. 
tI75. Nritt 275-11181. (1lfl) 
Apple lie. a.-a ... CQII1IUIIr. cam. 
......... part.ct tor ward pra.c ••• Ira. 
S300 o.b.o. KtIaIn 7112-7518. (1"&-11 
21) 
SIMI my IMAGEWRITER liN ~ 
.... In box. c.. ...... AdDba 
TW- MInIgIr. 11118. 75S-8OO3. (1111-
1123) 
EIec:* pr. ,.. SquiIr Bullet. 
,..... •• cI •• l'1Ioond •• $l!O ...... 
negoIWJIe, 792~. JIm. (1118) 
MODEMI Avatex 1200 bIUCI UNCI only 
one week forc:laa. $89.001 WII accapt 
ofIara. 755-8003. (1116-1123) 

HOUSING 
FACUL TV OR EXECUTIVE 
APARTMENT. VIews of Soledad Creak 
and Tony PInel Beach. Ef10y hi 
wtIaIlda from your privIIa balcony. 
Huge 2 or 3 bedroom8. Just Ike brand 
new! Cal Barbara599-0148. (116-1130) 
UNIVERSITY CITY $215. Female 
needed for own room in nice 3 bedroom 
houH. Patio. piano. cable TV. watlherl 
dryer. 12miluleatoUCSD.Nosmokers. 
no pe ... no drugs. Cal Mwk Of AlIson 
534-2381 or 534-3383 (message). (11 
13-1116) 

PASSPORT PtCTURESI New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.115. WhIle you walt. 
Xerox .. and mOte. Nur Sl Germain' • . 
452·11948. (8123-&'4) 

FAST FUNDRAISING PROGRAM_ 
FraIemitIM, 1OIOfIIIM. atudent cUIa. 
Earn up to 11000 in one week. PIua 
receive a 11000 bonua youruIf. Md a 
FREE WATCH just tor caIIng 1-800-
932-0528 Ext. 65. (1113-1118) 

Room IlYIIiIabIe in 4 bedroom house. 
Cardiff. $28O.'monIh plus 1/4 utiIItIea. 

MadrIgal SInaera and VMS Intol Set up FOf men info cal 634-0294. (119-1116) 
.. aucJtionl Cal Dan at 483-2488. SIng 

GUITAR LESSONS. for people I8riouI 
about learning. Of IIdvancIng preeent Child care needed 10-15 In. per weeki 
llkills. $2OI1lour. 271>-87&4. (11121-1130) flexibl.. Experlence/reference. 

required. leave mll"~: 622-3827. 
Typing/wofd proceaing. Moat jot. - (1/16) 
$2Ipage. Fast turnaround. Call Becky. 

6~1 . (1116) 
Olga Bari - EJec:IroIoaIst: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 

Sludentclsoounts.~I962. 
(1/6-3112) 
TUTORING-math. physic:s.OOrt1)Ut8r 
programming. engineering. Help with 
homework. Prepare for tests. Mark. 221 -
7176. (119-2110) 
Your phone messages are importantl 
Stop mis-communicating with friends. 
employ ..... relatives. and orgwizations. 
Get your own IIOioemaii box for MJA 
$15.95. Winler Quarter Special 
Available. Scott at I.S.E. 943-8357. (1/ 
13-1116) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOSTI SlIver men'. pinky ring. blue 
lapis stone with capper Inlay. between 
Wrnen and Muir on Jan. 7. 556-3732. 
Ask for Kurt or leave message. Rewardl 
(1/13-1127) 

FOR SALE 
Futon & 4-poIItIon frame. Never usedl 
$100; ooffee & end tables. $25 & $30. 
587.0095. (118-1130) 
Printer tor sale. Apple ImagewrIt8r 11-
good 81 new. S225 or beat offer. Cal 
~. 452-8049. (118-1/18) 

Streuedoverreporta.paptr'I .. . l'Uedit. FOR SALE: 1976 Camaro. 17.000 
type. graph. chart. qualltiza on Iaaer miles. 11 SOOfo.boO. ca1145SI-3501 early 
print .... ChrIstine 455-7253. (1/16) morning 01 &Yea. (1113-1123) 

Mu.t .. II 18ao VW Rabbit. Fu.1 
~. GrNtCOldMon. $15OO0b.o. 

,------------, C11454 4888momilgafaftlmool • . (11 
a-3112) 

ExPERIENCE 
ABROAD 
CLUB 
EAP/OAP 
RETURNEES AND 
PROSPECTIVES 
GET TOGETHER 
SHARE A FEW 
EXPERIENCES, 
ASK A FEW QUESTIONS 

-INTERNATIONAL 
DESSERTS PROVIDED" 

SNOWBOARD- Burton Safari Comp 
3. 175 em $3751ofr w/Flu bIncIIr:IOI. 
$3OOfofr wtout. 457-3215. (1113-1123) 

EXCELLENT 
PART-TIME 

JOBS 
~""'AreI 
JoIN AtitE1cA'. LEADING 

TELE-M.wcEnNG CowMY. 
WE AEPIIEIENT CHLDRI!N's lOOK 

cwu AND NON pftOFlT 
OIIGANIZATIONL 

flexible School Hours 
APPucNna war ~\IE A PCaTIVE 
ATmUDE AND A CUM IPINCIIIG 

VOICE. 

~.dSlllry 
ENIN 10 $15 AN HOUII 

fOR INFONMTD AND INmNEW 
CONTACT StMDN DIAN 
MoN.-fII. 571-1872 

nowl (1116) Room for rant - master bedroom in 
6-4 BeueI. Excellent COIdtion. Clear. 
No B.S. $150. 481-S403. (1113-1121) 
1986 Ford Escortwagon. OrigInal owner. 
a.aaed. Perfect in & out. $2750 7 
a.m.-' p.m. 436-1987. (1113-1116) 
1980 Honda Motoicycle 250cc. Runt 
greatl 1375. C" 587-8994. (1116) 
FURNITURE: 8 foot couch $4M)eSt 
offer and 3 drawer dresaer S3M1est 
offer. Cal 455-9989. (1/16) 
Graphingcalculalorl Casio FX·7000GA. 
Only used oncel $55. 558-6533. (1/16) 
PHONE ANSWERING MACHINE. 
Nev ... used. good as ~. Sell for half 
original price. Fooest. 552-8755. (1116-
1121) 
CULTIlENNY KRAVITZ TICKETS I 
Cant .... 10th row. Jan. 29. Make orr .... 
452-6076. (1116-1121) 
Guns and Roaee TicIcaII. Irat show. 
.. of .... and two. Contact Masood. 
942-4128. (1116-1123) 
Mazda 'SIO 323. NC. AMIFM. 5-epeed. 
3D. GntaI guo $5750/ofIIIf. 558-6533. 
(1116-1123) 
Futona 4 ..... tutor. 4 ..... Mona 4 
lela. fuIonI4 ..... Mona 4 ..... fuIons 
4 Ie... futons 4 I.... For more 
1nformaIIon.1ook for tw ad on thIa JlllG8I 
(1/16-1127) 

DO YOU HAYI? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

... $$$ 
You may have antibodies . 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MDLlMMIOI •• 

226·1'~3 

Solana Beach. Own bath. CIoM to 
beach and racetrack. $4OO(negoIIabIe) 
for 1 person Of $250 for 2 people 10 
share. Relaxed atrnoaphere. Call Uzor 
Paula a1793-259O. (119-1116) 
Roommatawanted. Maleorfernalenon-
smoker. Townhouse In Solana Beach. 
NIce. 1pIiCIous. fully furnished. queen-
sized bed. pool. spa. 0uieI area. Cal 
755-4701. Cartoe 01 Kevin. (1113-1/16) 
FOR RENT - 3 bedroom. 2112 baIh 
condo in Del Mar. 5 mini from UCSD. 1 
mIe from beach. Walk to new Von' •. 
Pool. jacuzzi. fireplace. washer/dryer. 
Carol 755-6241. (1/13-1116) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED: to 
share master bedroom with walk·in 
closet and bath at La Jolla Point Apts. 
DeposIt $186.87. rent S287.5O.'month 
+ 113 utilities. Ne.- UTC. pools. jacuzzi. 
rec. room. c ... Available now. Cal 
453-2925. (1113-1121) 
lMgabedroomln ~Cityhouse. 
S2701rnon1h. Available now! Cal 587· 
0227 for men information. (1113-1123) 
AoommaII wanted: female. Own room. 
House In UnIversity CIty. $2SIOImonIh 
plus 116 utIIIIi8I. 546-0883. (1113-1121) 
Roommate wanted for privata room In 
condo. SOLANA BEACH. Share witI 
Ploh 1111)1 lIIIandstudn. WllllhfllfrttI. 
dIIhwaIhar. rNcrow8Ye. cable. pool & 
jacuzzi. NoMrnoker. $335Imo. CALL 
SUZAN 7i3-2620. (1113-1121) 

r , 
N~w York 

$179* 
... ". 

...... 

.... 

..,.. 
lie ...... 

·AI ..... 8ldlww ___ CII ...... 
IU'IN& T_natlnlUild. s-~ 
.... ." .......... ..,t. ...... 
• • 

....., ...... 

I ,ii-iiii) I 

Thunclay, J-aary 16, 1992 
Roomllllde WMIad 113 rant 1433. 
utIIIIII. MIaIon INch. 0C8M view. 

~ cool." Cal AdMno 271>-
1512. (1113-1118) 

~ roommate wam.d .... 3 
bedroom. 3 112 baIh condo. P .B. 
Walking cIatanca SId Bay. W __ • 
dryer ... partIIng: non-ernoMr a no 
pets. $387.50'" S200 dapoaIt 2701-
2451. (awiIIIbfe,..,. (111 i) 
GREATLOCATION:wnt._BeIcti 
-ocean ... yn ...... room. Ill. no 
pets; $2OOImonIh. 458-4075. (1116·1/ 
21) 

e 

ConvenIent, ct. nillg. 2-1eve1 Del Mar 
condo for I ..... min. 6 month • . 
Avlllblenow.2a..00IN, 1112b1h. 
Del Mar HeIghIs Ad. at Mango Dr. 
Furrishad tum key $84OImonth, $700 
deposit Of unfurnished $82OImonth. 

~ depoIIt. A great value. Cal 753-
2459 to .... (1116-1121) 
MOVE IN TODAY ... GET REST OF 
JANUARY FREEl Female to share 
n18II8r bedroom with bath and walk-in 
cIoHt. S287.50/mo + 168.67 deposit & 
113 u1Itles. Gall 453-2925 soonl (1/16-
1121) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Camp staff wanted for ACA accrecitad 
non-profit girls residant camp. Strong 
skill in hum ... relations and abiity 10 
wort\ with girls. R81U1'116 to J . Fabsil. 
1231 Upas St .. San Diego. CA 92103. 
298-8391 AAlEOE. (1/16-1130) 
CHINESEIENGLISH SPEAKERS 
needed. Earn S25 for 2.5 hours. Must 
be righI.nanded. have Ived in U.S. fOf 
at least 5 years. 17-45 years old. For 
information call 453-4100. ext 453. ask 
for Chris. (1116) 
SUMMER MANAGElENT INTERN-
SHIP interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing all 
aspects of a successful business. 
Average gross profit $11.287. Last 
chance for interviews. Call Triple . A' 
Sludent Painters for information now. 
1-800-394-6000. (1/16-2127) 

~~nowavailable 
wIh Univeraity Painters. 

~ eII'nIng potential & largest 
1erritorl". Call for Appllcatlonl 
1I1bIMIIon. 1~9332. (1/16) 

PERSONALS 
... Houee AdvIeor appa: available wi 
rMrraIl4325. Mandatory meeting: 11 
15 or 1123. Info: eII~. (119-11 
16) 
MuIr HouH AdvIsor appe available 
through 1/23. Ref.rral '4325. 
Mandatory meeling: 1/15 or 1123. 
Call 534-4200. (119-1/16) 
AI-CaI'il sIdera. partyers IWld survivors 
- n..1kI for making !he trip to Vail an 
.1CCltIng. Intoxicating and especially 
...nell ..... trip . .....cal aIideshow will 
be held on February 18 in PH 108. 
RISC std. (1/13-1118) 
WORlDIiaJSIC 13 "grads"1 Remember 
how you lite South American Andean 
music? My favorite group.INKUYO win 
come to campus ThursdaY. January 
18: 8 p.m. performance Mandeville 
AudIIorium (16): 12:00 MandeviIe B21 O. 
MusIc 0epartmenI seminar; 2:00-3:30. 
8202. Wort\shop: bring guitars. flutes. 
pen pipes. yourself. M.D. (1/13·1116) 
ResIdent AdvIsor Applications for Fifth 
College NOW AVAIlABLE. DUE 2114. 
PIck up referral. Career Services. (1 1 
13-2(13) 
All-Cal VaiI'91 bus It . Party on -like 
ROCKSTARSI (1113-1/16) 
Congratulations LAMBDA PHI 
EPSILON on your soId~ut dance. So 
when are you taking us out to dinner? 
Love. your sister sorority. (1 /16) 
Happy birthday. Mikey. you Super Stud I 
(1/16) 
Happy be-lated birthday Lara. (1/16) 
latin America EAPIOAP Info session 
for studylworX abroad. Thursday. Jan. 
16. 1 :30-3:00 International Center 
Conference Room. (1/16) 

The UCSD Guardian 

MatI. Spea.I people deserve special 
thngs ... For this reason. I requesllhal 
you join me (Thursday night) 10 show 
how "IpeCiaf' (I think) you are' R.S. V. P. 
1he hour available to be picked up. -
u.a. (1/16) 
A • J butt not Ie, Prince Fg of Del Mar 
pranced up the Instant your bods 
vanished from slghtl Your steamy 
n-. will appew so close 10 this 
oneyell don't knowwhal you will write. 
80 I'm afraid to divulge too much. 
Whatever you confessed. Dina. (11 
16) 

KID HAl - So. how waz last night? 
Too bad we can't play rrusicaI fly boys 
more often. (Whal would the O·man 
think?) Oh by the way. Mocha says to 
tal you to bring a four·1egged friend. (11 
16) 
To Michael-I'm sorry for missing your 
birthday but I promise to make it up to 
you I I look forward to the 2nd annual 
easter egg conlesl.Lel it be known that 
I am seeking revenge after my bitter & 
unfairdefeaI.Lel'sdolunch- Blender. 
(1/16) 
C.P. -I'm "dissing" you big time. Lefs 
"set" up a meeting so we can make a 
"deposit" as partners. Anxiously 
awaiting your response Il ia the 
Guardian. - O.D. (1116) 

SPRING BREAK! 
7 DAY/NIGHT RAGE 

MAZATLAN.nrL 
(ANe U N ""=,,,'-L-I 

ALL 
PACft" ... ~ ... 
INCLUDE RT AIR. 
HOTEL. PRIVATE 
PARTIES. BEACH 
CONTEST AND 
MUCH. MUCH MORE! 

Call CeIIep T ..... 
( ••• ) 41S00'747 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

A 
This is a general cattle call for anyone 
interested in working for the Guardian: 

writers, illustrators, photographers, 
production, design/layout and potential 
editors. Even if you have stopped by 

before, please inquire again. 

Just call 534 6580 or stop by the Guardian 
offices on the •• co.'1d floor of the Old 
Student Center and talk to, or leave a 

message fOf, an editor. 

The UCSD Guardian. 
It's a whole new hal/game. 

Bean Futons 
Bags 4 

$17'5:, Less 
WHOlESALE 

PRICES 
MANUfAGURER 

DIRECT 

High-end 
MOns at 
low, low 
prices 

AYAUIIII 
lUll ... .... 

F ... For Less· TIle IeIn .. .. 
8266 Miramar Rd. 

578-5745 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 

Saturday & Sunday, 
Jan, 25·26 lam· 4pm 
Canyonview Racquetball Court. 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZAe 

CALL USJ 
4S2-UCSD 

Hours: 
11 am-lam 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. &: Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCHI 

/, II / / /.: / ) / \ / . • \ J( ) \ I 1 " \ \ 1,\ ( , ( )f 1 I I':' 

I LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! I MEDIUM I 
I 2 MEDIUM PIZZAS I I 
I WITH2TOPPINGSl I MEAL DEAL I 
II A SIX·PACK OF COI(E® II I ! $1299~- : $975 ~" ! 
I r.oMedhaORDNALpiIra.d"rith1WO: ..... T_T~OIIGINAlpiuUDdT_ I 

1IJFpinp'" 16feck tllCAIiII _ONLY 11U9. c.oa- _ONLY...,., c.upaa............. I I DIIMry.c.,..t. NoClllllllJ'lll' ....... JU5I' I ............ o.a-y .. c.r,a.t. 
I ASK! Caod *-p.a. GIlly. I CAU US! R-UCSD I 
I CAU lJII m-uc5D I -_ .... -_. I 
-_ .... -..... K --.---larn;:.:=- I =:.,,~:-.., I 

.... u ........... -______ :a;- ________ ~!!!t!!!!.'!!!L~!"'--L.J 

Men's & Women's 
A & B Divisions 

" .' 
.' 

.' 

.... 

.... 

CC 
lID 

~ 
1M 

~ 
(J 
u 
CC 

~ 
tit 
::t 

~ 
a 
cc 
u , 
.... 

.... 

C 
~ 
tit 
U 

.' 
•••• 

• 

~ .•. 
....• , 
•••••• I .... __ ~ 
...... ,. 
" •.. ,. 
---., . , •.. ,' 

~ ••. 

::t .... II1II111 

Sign-ups begin 
Monday, 
January 13 
012 noon. 
Deadline for 
• • sIgn-ups IS 

Friday, Jan. 24, 
5pm. 

Fee is one can 
of racquetballs. 

Sign-ups take place 
at the Canyon view 
Recreation offices 
&rocquetboll 
courts at 
Canyon view Pool. 
Call 534.4037 for 
more information . 



, . 

1. SPOJl.TS 

....-.o.o..-=-UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 

_ ~~E.E..~~Y* 
....... • po..w._ JIIII"'-. wiIIIio 5 aiIe ...... ,,_ 
..., ..... 

88 always, 10% ~ when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

4IHI4I 8855 Villa a.. Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am-8 pm 

SYSrtME 

~BIOlAGE. 
By WIIIIIIX· 

@f11lJilrCUTS 
ByTAWNYAOf 

ESSENCE SALON 
~$11~. 

includes: shampoo & precisiGn haircut 
blow dry and styling $4 extra 

HiUtes & Perms $45 
lincluding haircut) 

3251 HOLIDAY COURT, sum 201 LA JOUA 453 9477 
Above St. Germain's Liquor & Deli • 

susm AND DAILY SPECIALS 

YAK.MONO 
"Best Teriyaki in Town" 

• ;;;~ ;;;,.J ~ u ~ 5 D 5 PEe I A L ~. 

i ~~~~:E~ DINNER $399 i 
•
1 Iftdud. rice, oaIod and .....,.. Not valid ..... 0IJf....... .... E.Pr-! /'XJI'I2 I 
••••••••••••••••••• 

La Jolla Colony Plaza 
772B Regents Rd. 11501 (Vons Shopping Center) 452·4255 
TaIr. cU awaiIabIo. w. aI.o oIIor caIIring IrIica 
HOURS: 11 :30 om·9 pm (Mon.·Thurs.), 11 :30 om-l 0 pm (Fr. & Sot.), 5·9 pm Sundays 

r-------------~~-...----..... ~ 
Naif Specials 
ACRYLIC $18 99 
NAILS • 
(Reg. $35) 
Tip Overlay '24.95 

Filla $12 Reg. $15 • New clients only I 
FiIIefvIua ...... with TIps .. _ Reg. $45 

..... c ...... P ... c .... $15.11 I 
............... $3 _~~~~~~ ... :~1ic~ ..... ~~ .. ~. f~_~ .... ~~$2I~R~eg~. ~$35~_ : 

NAILS BY JENNIFER IIDI ANDWOII.N I 
8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Ste. 103 & 104 I 
(Next to Burger King) 560-0325 • 51j().5081 I 

L No! valid with any other oilers. EJphe 113C1112 --------------------~ 
MUIR COLLEGE 
HOUSE ADVISOR POSITIONS 
1992-93 
Applications available at the Muir ResidentIal Life Office 
through Thursday, January 23 with job raferrall4325 
from Student Employment. 
IIendIdory CancIdaIas Meeting on Thursday, January 23 
at7 p.m. 
ApplIcation daIdIIne: .. p.m.. friday. JarIIary 24. 

The UCSD GaardiaD 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
................... 

o&No_IImlVOH ..... liZ- IV 11"..-roP 
,Ala Al..(JCJ wrnt yoa. IIIAMI. YIA& IN JCtIOOI.. 
..-rowM.~WU .. T1WCI .. TUCSD ........ 
AND _ NIJWD 10: SIoom f.DmlIt. UCSD 
Gu_. 9m Ouwt Datw 0316. L. Joo.u. 
CA 9209}~ 16. You CAJI ALSO '*" rrow .. .". 
s...n f.DmlIt·s IOX .. T _ Gu_ 0I'I'tCL 
LOCATED .. .". 5n.aHTCemia, ACIIOII_ THE 
O'I'M. 

.Au. UCSO S1\.IOIIfTS ... _ . .... fACUl.TY 
.... f.LIOIlUTO 1!1<TIIl.1IJICIPI'1'OIl Ou_ .. _ 
WEWIIU.II ANI) EWLOVUS 01' BJ's CIIICAOO PIzza· 

.,... fDJON WHO C'IlMES .. Wmt THE ....,. 

coaucr .... was. AS ""-IY""~. 
WU II! IlIO.A&I!D _ oaAHD _ w_ "OlD 
WU II! ~ ....,.".. QUa IS IUITED nil! 
fIIOLI..OWDrIO WUL IN 1'M!IVINT OF A TR. A .-AWING 
....... HIlJ) 10 ..-na ... ,... W" ..... TMOI& 
OOUI!CT _ rooT SIUCnD AS _OAANOI'OUZII 
w .... WLL.~ at..IMfU.I-tJP. oONLv ~ IImlY ____ QUIZ. No 

........-.em ........ W1U.1I! ACCI!I'nD. EHnuu 
NU1T .... r_Gu .......... vIOOONW-..V. 

-T .. oaAND .. aa ___ WLL It8CIIVI It. .... 
_I'OIlTWO .. TBJ·ICHICAOO ........... R."... 
-.-tJP WU 1II!CBIYlI. lUll rnatEIl 01' MootD.Oa 
Da.YT_.ClaSOO ..... TBJ·S, LQCA1U)1N L.Joo.u 
V.........oa SQuAAl!. A LIlT 01' AU. WMUS wu. II! 
POiITID .. T 81'1 EAOI WIU AND ......... NUl) 10 
SHOW ~TION 10 Q..AaI PRIZD. 

ThIs week'. quesdons: 
1. Who was the Nfl. 's Afe Cen-
tral champion this season? 
2. Who won this year's Heisman 
Trophy? 
3. Which two college teams played 
in this year's Jom Hancock Bowl? 
4. Who is the owner of the Los 
Angeles Raiders? 
S. What professional golfer is nick-
named "The Shark"'} 
6. Which three events make up 
horse racing's Triple Crown? 
7. What is the nameofWinnipeg's 
NIll.. team? 
8. In what year did the United 
StaleS Olympic hockey team win 
the gold medal? 
9. Which famous boxer recently 
celebrated his 50th birthday? 
10. Who is the head coech of the 
UCSD women's basketball team? 
Lac week's quadoas: 
1. Which team has the fll'St pick in 
the 1992 Nfl. draft? Indilmapolls 
Colts 
2. Which te.n has the numberlWO 
pick?lndgupoUs Cohs 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Golden SIaIe Waniors?DuaNelloa 
4. Who holds the NBA record for 
points ina singlepme? WIt a.... 
berIIIia 
5. What ~ the team colors of the 
N"IR..'s San Jose Shads? Teal, 
BI8ck, Wblte 
6. Who is the owner of the Los 
AngeiesRams?GecqiaFrootiere 
7. Who won the 1992 Rose Bowl? 
The W ........... Huskies 
8. Which Nfl. team has two ~ 
fessional baseball playerson its r0s-
ter'! AtJuta FakGas 
,. Whe~ wiD the 1992 Winter 
Olympic Games be held? 
Albertville, Fnace 
10. As ofJanllll'Y9, 1992 whal is the 
record of the UCSD men's bakct-
ballleIm? 7 .. 
laIIweek'. wiDDer: 
Jim Gekas, W.rren, senior. 
Economics - SIn Diqo, CA 
• en. 
U. of 17 polled • BI', 

Tbanday, J....-y 16, 1991 

THE WEEK IN SPORTS 
" ',. \'<) 1· 1\\(, U'r )) 

~ wallB'l BAIIE1IAU. 
,. 7-5/PIIY in Smith Col. Tcxmament Jan. 17-20 

~ .... BASICEIIAU. 
,. U-4jhas won six In a row 

UPCOMI~G EVENTS 

It. ER\':OUEIIAlI SPOId'S 
DIIII ... 

Jan. 17- W. Basketball at SmIth College 
Jan. 20 Tournament in Massachussetts 
Jan. 17 M. Basketball at -

M. VoIle)baIl at UC Irvine 
Jan. 18 M. Basketball at UC Santa Cruz 

SWimmq at USC 
Jan. 21 M. VoIle)ball at USC 

W. Basketball at Clark UniYersity 
Jan. 24 M. Basketball v. Menlo 

M. .... I at UCSB Invitational 
Jan 25. M. VoI~1 at UCSB lnvltat1onai 

SwlmmiQl v. Claremont CoIIeIle 
Jan. 2B M. Basketball at Occidental 
Jan. 31 W. BaskeIbaII at Pori Lorna 

M. ~ v. ~ CoIege 
Feb. 1 .,..;, ,.,,;, IK v. I<efflOn 

M. VoIle)t)aIl v. UC Irvine 
W. Temis at CSU Fullerton 

Feb. 3 Golf at 0cciderUI 
Feb. 4 M. Basketball at Ctvistian Heritage 

W. Basketball at Claremort College 
M. Volleyball v. La Verne 
W. Temis at USO 

Feb. 7 M. Basketball v. Bethany College 
M. Volleyball at CSU ~ Beach 
Golf at Whittier College 

Feb.S W. Basketball v. Cal l.utherWI 
SWImm~ v. UC Davis 
W. Temis v. 0ccidefUI 
Basebal at Pornon&fItzer 

IN THE 81 fACHERS 
by Steve Moore 

N 
-

TIlle 

TBA 
7:30 p.m. 
7:30p.m. 
7:30p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
7:30p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
AllDay 
AllDay 
12:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
5:30 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
U:OOa.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
1:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:30p.m. 
12:30 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
12:00 p.m. 
10:00 a.m. 

U:OOa.m. 

Read the G ....... 
If you can't play the sports, 

you might as weD read about 'em. 

Thunday, Jm1lll')' 16,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Men's Basketball Cuts Down Loggers, 
Beats Division II Puget Sound 78-75 
• Rebounding, intensity 
keys in Triton victory 
effort over bigger team; 
Batt and Moore each 
score 25 points 
BJGNaW....r 
Associate Sports Edtror 

The shot arced up and began to 
inch its way down. Tune stood still. 
Faintly, in the disIance. the final 
buzzersooodcd. The ball feU slowly, 
hitting the rim. It bounced straight 
up again. and then, taking its time, 
fell to the side. Suddenly, every-
thing was normal again, and before 
the ball hit the floor, a roar erupted 
from the crowd. 

UCSD (11-4) had just escaped 
with a thrilling 78-75 victory over 
Division n University of Puget 
Sound. 

The game was a nail-biter from 
the tip-off. The first few minutes 
saw the Tritons get off to a s0me-
what shaky start, with a few tum-
overs and mistakes. 

However, UCSD was able to 
calm down and take control of the 
game from the Loggers. 

"I have to give a lot of credit to 
Darvin Jackson and Rick Ban. our 
seniors," said UeSD Head Coach 
Tom Marshall. "They've been 
through all the wars ... they know Rick Batt lays In two of his 25 points as the Tritons edged Puget Sound. 
how to say 'hey, settle down and 
work the ball. ... "[Drake did a], super job defen- roDed around. UCSD found itself 

The biggest key to the game was sively. grabbing the rebound and up by only one, 75-74. Darvinlack-
UCSD's ability to rebound against sticking it back in the tube. That's sonw~onthefreethrowline,shoot­
the taller Puget Sound team. The one of those really key moments in ing one and one. He missed the first 
Loggers' lineup featured four play- a win thai you can look back and say shot and Puget Sound snagged the 
ers 6-7 or bigger, compared to the 'That's what we're all about'."said rebound 
Tritons'two. Marshall. A missed three-point attempt, 

Despite the size difference, _ The halftime score was close, another Darvin Jackson free throw 
UCSD was continually able to 31-30, but it wouldo 't stay that way and 23 seconds later, the Loggers 
muscle inside and crash the boards. for long. had another shot, this time down 76-

At game's end, the Tritons had a The Tritons came back out on 74. 
34-30 rebounding advantage. Lead- the floor and picked up right where With nine seconds to play, Bait 
ing the way for UCSD was Ouis they left off. Playing as if they were came up with the defensive play, 
Moore, whopuIIeddown II boards, on fire, UeSD quickly gwmed off a Irnocking the bailout of bounds. 
while Rick Batt had eight of his 17-9 run to start the half. Puget Sound took the bailout of 
own. Rwuting the offense to perfec- bounds. The Loggers inbounded the 

"Playing in the Division I games lion, the Tritons got the ball in early ball to Jon Mitchell, who had 18 
(Washington and Boise State) and often to Batt and Chris Moore. points in the second half, and he was 
proved we weren't going to back Those two exploded for 18 and inunediately sent to the line for two 
down," Marshall said about his 17l'Oints respectively in the second shots. 
team's rebounding, "If you'~ not half. They wouJd each end up with He made the first, but missed his 
going to back down against a Pac- 25 overall. second, and Moorecame down with 
10 school, you're not going to back Meanwhile, Puget Sound began therebound Hetoowasfouled,and 
down against a Division IT school." ~ing back. The Tritons would his free throws sealed the win. 

"We'~ trying to work on the never let the Loggers get away from 
rebounding, everyone's boxing out, them though, always taking control 
it's a real team effort. We're all and slowing things down when the 
crashing hard, " said Batt. game began to gel out of hand. 

Intensity was another important Individualeffons were critical to 
fllCtOr for the Tritons. the Tritons' cause. 

While UCSO was playing as if it With 9:30 to go, Rodney Lusain 
were a team facing elimination. was covering the Puget Sound in-
Puga Sound lit times seemed to not bound play. It ~ a pass to the top 
really care. Two plaYs in the first of the key, but before it got to any 
half demonstraIed the difference in Logger, Lusain made an incredible 
attitude between the teams. leaping, over-the-shoulder, one-

FU'Sl,I..oggerpoiolguardGarrick Iwlded steal. Turning right around, 
PhilUps was able to knock the ball Lusain penetrIlCd and scored on a 
away from UCSO's Rodney Lusain. crowded layup. 
Phillips chased the loose ball down Anothercritical point in the game 
the court, recovered it and looked came with 7:11 to play. Up by only 

Charles Miller's last-second 
~point attempt bounced off the 
rim, and UeSD had its best win of 
the season • 

"This was a good win for us. A 
Divison n team, it will do a lot for 
us, the way the playoff commitce 
loots at us," said Jackson. 

"The guys are just playing really 
good basketball right now. Wehave 
raised the level of our game from 
November and December and now 
we're right where we want to be," 
said Marshall. "We just dido 't back 
down tonight, because I think our 
guys are tough as hell." 

foran open teamm8Ie. WhIt he saw dwe, (J)..S7, and with Puga Sound 11Ie Guardian 
were three Tritons chasing him and duateoing to steal the momentum, 
the rest of his team sawwJing around Moore stepped to die line. 
in their own half of the court. He iced boch free throws and 

Just a couple of rninurcs laIer, Puga Sound stormed down the 
Rick BIll pur up • sIIOllhII hildle COUI1, eager to keep the lead to only 
rim. three. 

Joey Drake welt up and p1Ibbed Moore had plans of his own, 
the offer1Ii~ IdJoInI. Drake im- thoup, • he stepped in front of a 
mediately wenI bIdt up strona for pas intended for the Loggers' Jon 
the shoe willi line def'enden III MiacheIL On the other end of the 
over him. He pusbed die liaIe jump coun. BaIt hit from the paint, and 
hook Ihrouih while ...... nailed the TriIon le8d was up to seven. 
and then IDIkina die flee throw. FlIIIIly,,. the last 45 sec:onda 

SPORTS 15 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

roM:5 Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively \!IN and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

If You Have Friends with VW's, Ask Them 
About Us; If They Hoven't Discovered 

Us Yet, Ask Us For References. 

I' 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

5870 MI~AMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE I L ____________________ ~ 

we ,are hair 

$8 
No appoinlmenl necessary 

we care hair 
8750 Genesee '(behind Soup Exchange) 

587-CUTT 
----T-----~----T----halrcul coupon haircul coupon I color coupon perm coupon 

: SAVE $1 : SAVE $2 : SAVE $3: PERM : 
I WET I SHAMPOO, I GLAZING I $1995 I I reg. I CUT & I reg. $15.00 I (~PPt. recommended) I CUT $8 rog. A Hoircolor ,ncludofll,l S!'ampoo & I I STYLE $13'$15 1 intensifier I Long ~~r;:;da'ty I 
I With this coupon. I I with • I wraps higher. I Expire. Feb 10 1992 W,th this coupon. this coupon. With this coupon 
L .. L Explr •• Feb. 10.1992 I Expire. Feb. 10. 1992 I Expires Feb. 10. 1992 • 
---- ----_'-:-.._--_ .. _--_ ... 

Tournaments! 
Ping Pong 

Chess 
Eight-Ball 

All Students are invited to participate! 
First Place Winners will be ·awarded cash 

prizes and 
sent to ACU-I Champions. in February. 

Dates: ~ Pong and Chess, Satw:day, Jan. 18 and 
Eight-ball, Sunday, JaIL " 1992 

AU Times: 12:00!W. 
Place: Price Center ~room 

Sign-up Today! 

Sponsored by the University 
Center Board 



'. 

16 SPOll.TS 

A Small PIece of 
Sports History 
EVEN ntOUGH 1lfIS IS A Division ill school with no big-time sports or 
athletic superstars, UCSD still has 
its share of sports lore. 

Sure, ranling off national 
championships is exciting, but 
there are lots of schools that can 
claim similar accomplishments. 
But sports lore -1iJc.e the story of 
Knute Rockne at Notre Dame-
i what makes a university' 
sports history unique. 

Over the winter break. I 
uncovered some UCSD sports 
lore in, of all places, my home-
lown of Sonora, California 
(population 4,000). 

It 's certainly nothing earth-
shattering, but the stOI)' does point 
out what's so great about the non-
scholarship sports at UCSD, from 
intercollegiate athletics to club 
ports to intramurals. 

It goes like this: 

I TWAS SPRINO, 1973, and the war in Vietnam wa.~ still .... tging. A 
bunch of student athletes played 
with the threat of dying in that war 
hanging over their heads - they 
couldn't stay in college forever, 
and their college deferments were 
running out. When they did, it was 
off to 'Nam. 

One of my teachers from high 
school was a senior at Loyola 
University (now Loyola-
Marymount) at the time. His 
number was up, and he knew that 
he would be going to war in just a 
couple of months. 

He and the rest of the players 
on the rugby team k.epl playing 
like there was no tomorrow -
because there really wasn't one. 

One sunny 1973 weekend,the 
Loyola players took a trip to San 
Diego to play UCSD. The players 
rolled out of bed in the morning 
and headed for breakfast before 
the game. 

And outside of Denny's - the 
last place I'd ever expect for an 
epiphany of any kind - the 
players saw the headline in the 
Sail Diego Ullioll. 

I imagine it said something 
simple. like DRAFr ENDS. 

By TIlE TIME midday had rolled around, the two teams 
had gathered on the rugby pitch 
- the Muir College field, behind 
the natatorium - for their game 
of rugby. [n the midst of a war, 
they were about to play an 
incredibly violent game. 

Stranger than that. though, was 
the fact that the players on both 
ides were jubilant. As seems to 

be standard with every rugby 
match, the competitors beat the 
stuffing out of each other. Blood 
was evel)'where (again, par for 
the course). 

But this time, there was no 
qer. No real pain, even with the 
blood. 

And if the wounds did cauee 
IOI11e discomfort, even IbM didn', 

s.e-.PlltU 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guaniian Thunda)" J-WI&')' 16, 1991 

youth, Experience PaceUCSDSwimming 
• Preview: Second 
year Head Coach 
Doug Boyd has the 
swim team looking 
toward success 
ByCllrls .... 
Associate Sports Editor 

Doug Boyd is a young coach 
with a positive anitude ... and a very 
brighl future. 

Last year, in his first season as 
headcoachoftheUCSDswimming 
learn. Boyd led the women's team 
to a second-place finish 81 national 
(their best ever) and the men took 
third. 

With eight returning All-Ameri-
cans on the men's team and six from 
the women. Boyd feels that thi 
year's team has more depth than last 
season's. 

"Ourdepth is extremely tronger 
than it was last year," Boyd said. 

Aside from having more depth, 
several swirruners have quickened 
theirairncs and made theircuts faster 
than Boyd expected. 

Two surprises on the women' 
ide that Boyd points out are Leona 

Mason and Allison Dunn. 
Mason and Dunn are particu-

larlyimponanllothewomen' squad 
because they are in a sense replac-
ing Catherine Capriles and Erin 
Bakey, both of whom graduated last 
year. 

Filling the vacancie left by 
Capriles and Bakey is no easy task 
when you consider that last year at 
nationals, Capriles won both the 
109 and 200 meter backtroke, and 
Bakey look fifth in the 100 meter 
breaststroke and third in 200 meter 
breast 

. a..dIIn AI ""* 
The UCSD swim team returns 13 All-Americans, seven men and six women, from last season's NCAA finals. 

While at the beginning of this 
year Boyd felt that the women's 
team dido't really have either a 
dominating brea ISlroker or a 
backstroker, Mason and Dunn have 
helped fi l\ the void in the breast-
lroke department. 

Mason is a first-year student and 
basically a walk-on, and Dunn is a 
sophomore who has already wum 
faster this year than she did all of 
last season. 

Other standouts for the women 
include: Sabrina Lum, ajuniorwho 
took firstlastyearat nationals in the 
200bunerflyand has already made 
her cuts for this season; Connie 

Romero, a first-year student who 
swam her lifetime best in the 1000 
and made hercut in the 500 freestyle 
last weekend at a meet against 
UCLA. and Brenda Wiegel. another 
first-year student who has already 
equalled her best in the 100 fly and 
made her cut in that event 

One other imponant returnee for 
the women's team is Cindy Miller. 

Now a senior, Miller was an AlI-
American her first two years and 
then was hampered by a back injury 
last year. 
. She has returned this year and 

has already made her cut. 
On the men's side, Boyd also 

points to several standouts. 
These include: Brian Baskin, 

who in his first year has already 
come close to matching his best 
time in the 400 [Mi Travis Miller, 
who won two events at last year's 
nationals; and Taylor Spangler, who 
sat out last year to play water polo 
and is now back for this season. 

1bere have been some changes 
in Boyd's coaching philosophy with 
one year' sexperience under his belL 

One of these has been making 
the training program more difficult 
than last year's. 

''Training is a lot harder. We're 
See SWIM, Page 11 

Despite Injuries, Basketball Knocks Off Mustangs 

........... 

USII Beawr fouled out In the TrIonI' 82-68 win eMf'The """'L 

By K .. PeItInM 
Sports Editor 

Sometimes youjust have to make 
the best of a bad situation. 

As a tired and injury-laden UCSD 
women's basketball team hobbled 
into TIle Master's College on Tues-
day, it wasn't looking forward to 
playing another game. 

After coming off of a tough loss 
to Otrist Collegeoflrvine last week., 
and looking forward 10 the Smith 
College tournament in Northamp-
ton, Mass. this weekend, the only 
thing the Tritons wanted to do was 
to resI and heal their wounds. 

Perhaps of more importance to 
UCSD, however, was the 82-58 win 
over the Mustangs, a win which 
raised its record 10 7-5 on the sea-
son, and just as importantly, helped 
the Tritons fine..tunetheirgame plan. 

UCSDsetthetoncforthecontest 
rightaway. 

Before The Master's had a 
chance to adjust its defense, the 
Trilons raccdout to a 14-2 lead and 
never looted back. 

By halftime, UCSD had the game 
well in hand as it led by 15 poinb. 
38-23. 

Still recoverina from a knee in-
jwy II1d 1UrJCfY, Cari Y GUllI led 
Ihe way for the Tritons with 25 
poinII ... nine ,..,... on 1M 
eYeIJiIIt. 

'I1Ie ....... couIdn·' _ eo 
... UCSD' ............. .... 

Tritons nailed 48 percent from the 
f100r on the evening. 

The taller UCSD squad had no 
trouble out-rebounding The 
Master's as the Tritons pulled down 
52 boards 10 the Mustangs 31. 

While UCSD Head Coach Judy 
Malone might have preferred 10 rest 
her team, she did admit that the 
game was also a good opportunity 
to give all of her players some valu-
able playing time. 

In addition, the Tritons were able 
to experiment with new offensive 
and defensive set-ups, especially 
beating the fuJl-court press. 

Malone was also pleased 10 see 
Erica Scholl, although still hobbled 
by an ankle injury, come back to 
ring up 12 points for UCSD. 

Kathleen Alvarez was also able 
to conbibute eight points despite a 
similar injury. 

Not all of the Tritons had such a 
productive evening, however. 

Usa Beaver, UCSO's leader in 
points scored, got into foul trouble 
early in the first half and saw most 
of her action on the sidelines. 

Despite the fact that Beaver 
picked up her fourth foul carly in the 
second period Malone decided to 
leave bel' in until she fouled our 
minuIeIa-. 

UCSD ....... onr..s.e Be_," Uniwnity .. tile finI 
rouadt:lIbcSlllilltCcllllweT--. 
.... FddIy. 



H2 HIATUS 

MIRA MESA 566-1917 

UTe 452-7766 
Freelack 
Juice 

Kuffs 
JFI( 

Hook 
the Pii;_ 01 r __ 

LA JOUA VIUAGE 453-7831 
the Hand that Rocks the 

CrocI. 
GrandCa:= FalllWoIthe 4de 

StarT_VI 
KEN CINEMA 283-5909 

Jan. 161 the DaItc. I uu .d 
Jan. 19: IaIIntI AI AItout tv. 

Jan. 201 The Go .... III """""""'Iuming 
n.-

Jwt. 21-22% Arch-... 

Notlling New Ilere ... 
• Cradle's only suspense is wondering when 
the next cliche will jump out to scare you 
By Jenny Gala,. 
Associate Hiatus Editor 

Don't let the advenisements 
fool you, "The Hand that Rocks 
the Cradle" isn't the uspense-

fesllhead~claim. lt'smi singthe 
uspenseand 

style that 
made thrillers 
like "Fatal 
Attraction" 
such big hits 

at the box office. The acting i 
mediocre and the plot i passable, 
but this movie commits one of 
Hollywood'sbiggestsins; the film 
is just too predictable. 

Rebecca De Momay ponrays 
Peyton Flanders, the attractive, 
yet psycholically deranged nanny 
hi red by MichaelandClaireBanel 
(Mall McCoy and Annabella 
Sciorra). The storyline is simple 
andstraighrfOlWard. Peytonholds 
Oaire responsible for destroying 
her life and taking away her fam-
ily, and in "an eye for an eye"-
type vengeance, Peyton sets out 
to situate herselfintoClaire's fam-
ily to eventually take her place. 

'De Momay does a believable 
job of playing the devious ice 
queen, but as is die case with the 
other leads, her role lacks any 
depth. This lack of dcpch is some-
whal accepcabIe in De Momay's 
case since Peyton is supposed to 
be cold and unfeeling. But you 
never realJy get to know eitha" 
OaireorMichael, which makes it 
hard to sympathize with them. 

The talents ofboch Sciorraand 
McCoy are wasted. Sciorra is 
given lifeless S(;CIJCS lba make 
her seem like an insecure, whin-
ing brat. As Claire, she is scnI 

running around in circles won-
dering why her life i falling 
apan, and the only emotion he 
i allowed to ponray i hidden 
behind her frequent asthma at-
tacks. She spend only fleeting 
moments grieving over events 
that would send most people into 
years of therapy. And one ques-
tion still remain : why would 
she, without hesitation, hire a 
nanny that is so attractive and an 
obviou competitor for her hu -
band? 

Michael, although portrayed 
as the forgiving and devoted 
husband, seems too forgiving and 
devoted. He doesn't bat an eye 
when his wife accuses him of 
having an affair with another 
woman, and he seems only 
slightly miffed when an impor-
tant business proposal is appar-
ently misplaced (a fa Peyton). 
He is so forgiving that it makes 
him seem unhuman, or at least 
unrealistic. 

This film surely had the p0-
tential to be a blockbuster, but 
director Curtis Hanson glosses 
over the molt important scenes 
without a passing glance, and 
stumbles and trips his way 
throuP the rest. Pieces of the 
dialogue could have sent chills 
up your spine. but instead were 
tossed around like hot pocatoes 
The movie used cliChed horror 
movie scenes, so you always 
knew what was around the next 
comer, and no matter how via-
lemIy people got bashed around, 
there was no blood an~ 
The worst pan was that even 
after the bi& banle, everyone 

See CRADLE Page H3 

The UCSD GaudiaD 'lbanday, Juaauy 16, 1992 

COVER STORY 

TIjIBla: More Than a Party 
• Mexican nationals share their 
views on visiting Americans 
ByVoIMdaJernes 
Guardian Reporter 

• VISit TIjuana during the day and 
experience a unique culture 

By Joeeph GarcIa 
Hiatus Editor 

Tijuana might just be the most visited city in the world. Not only is it home of the busi-e t border crossing 
(23 million people 

visited TJ last year), it is the 
home of counties bars where 
the legal drinking age is 18. This 
trivial, yet well known fact en-
sures Tijuana a constant flux of 
college-aged students ready to 
fill their young bladders with 
cerveza and other tasty alcoholic 
beverages. But Tijuana is much 
more than the seedy nightlife 
which flourishes on Aveflido 
Revo/uciofl . 

One of the best Ihing about San Diego is the fact that it' a border town. In just 
minutes one can 

go from the beach to the heart 
of Tijuana, Mexico' largest 
frontier city. For those of you 
who have never been there be-
fore, you should be warned: 
this i not the typical Mexican 
city characterized by its plaza, 
colonial architecture and rna-
jesticcobblestone streets. This 
is a border town characterized 
by its emphasis on the mod-
em, the new, and at times, the 
American. 

Many people go to Tijuana 
expecting to find the former 
and, having failed, retum with 
the altitude that it 's justa busy, 

DIn~ 
Happy Hour Hudera - Bars like TIIIy's 
Fifth Avenue draw in college crowds from 
near and far. 

When was the last time you 
visited TJ during the afternoon? 
Cenainly the streets. taxis, and 
buses are frequented by an older 

filthy cosmopolitan nightmare. This attitude com-
pletely misses the fact that as the majorfronlier to the 
United States, Tijuana has a uniqueness of its own-
its own channing characteristics. It represents a mix-
ture between the traditional and the modem, between 
the Mexican and the foreign. This is reflected in the 
language, the music, and the way people dress. When 
you go there, admire it for what it is: adynamic border 
town, unlike anywhere else in the world. 

Knowing that a trip to Tijuana is one of the first 
adventures which most freshmen wiu undertake, I 
took the day 10 conduct a series of interviews in 
Tijuana to find out what people there think about 
college students, and what special advice they might 
have for us. I interviewedel/eryone from a lady sitting 
on a corner selling handmade bracelets to a police 
sergeant in charge of the downtown tourist area. The 
question I asked was simply, "What do you think 
about young tourists and, if you had one thing to say 
to 17,000 college students, what would it be?" 

1III8OOD 
Every person interviewed, except for the police-

man, said they really liked tourists. They described 
tourists as being very polite, amiable, easy-going, 
andgood-natu~JuvenalToribio,a l~yearoldboy 
selling bracelets on Avtnida Revolucio", said he is 
very grarefuI that tourists are very carina and often 
give him used clothing or somedtin& to caL The 
generaI feeling is thai people Ale Verj p1IICful for 
tourism. 

Everyone woOOnl either on die IIRdS or in ~ 
tannts is very aware dill tourism ilTIjuana" ~ 
nomic base, its livelihood. Maria AnoIa, who seIII 
souvenirs on a corner of RnoIlICiIJIt, put it bbdly 
when she said. "1l1li vay paIICIul for IOUrisIs. they 
help me pi ahead and. if it WIISII't for them, we 
wouJdn't eaL " 
_UD 
There wae. however, a IUDber of compIainIs. 

Casiano AnoIa, wIDe mocber is menlioned above, 
ran up to me when I .uct his moIber if she had .. y 
complaints. and said Ihe onty thina he didn'l like wu 
that at night when people pi drunk. they wiD s0me-
times fight and end up IIICppina all over bis rnerchIn-

See NA1IOfW.I, .,. H4 

crowd than during the evening, 
but this is entirely the reason to visit during the day. At 
night, the po/icia are looking for the alcohol-related 
problems that arise from the college students. During 
the day the atmosphere is much less intimidating, and 
cenainly the increased visibility should calm those 
who feellhat TJ is nothing but a hotbed of crime and 
corruption. 

_I 12 •• 1IERE 
Most of the parking lots immediate to the border 

cost about $7; the free parking is usually hard to come 
by. And not only does one have to pay for parking, but 
the walk to and from one's car to the border is less than 
fun. WhaI is the solution? Take the trolley. 

1be key to taking the trolley is knowing how close 
to the bonier one needs to be to catch the trolley 
without spending those dollars that are set aside for 
liquid emenainmenl The two exits before die "Last 
U.S. Exit" will take you to a trolley station (they are 
east ofinterstare 5). It is easy to part righl by the trolley 
stop and the best pan is there's no parting fce. 

1be walking you will do from car to trolley, trolley 
to border, and back. will be considerably less than 
from aImoIt any of the.,.oon, Jocs. Trolley fare to the 
borderfromeitherofthe last two trolley stations is$.75 
or $.50 e.:h way, depending on. of course, if one is at 
the closer station or not. 

WHAT1ODO 
Certainly, there is 8 pIedIoraof entertainment in TJ. 

Molt c:oUeae SIUdenIa fIoc:It 10 A ~nida RntOIlICWn, 
n', notorious source ~ griltgo fun. BUI for Ibose ~ 
you who enjoy a IiuIe exncurricular intellectual 
CIIfeI1airmert, the Ti.;u- CuhunI CcnIcr is a aood 
stop. 

TakinJ a cab is m::om.nendcd, however, • the 
route to the CuIIunII Ceater is not an obvious one. The 
Cultural Cenieri,1esa than a mile from the border(il" 
that biB. cement t.O on Ihe horbon) and is IbouI five 
mirKJIes fromAwIIida IlnohIci64. There_ plenty of 
thinp todolbele and one miJIII even learn 1OIIIeCbiI" 
100. 

One ~1CI1l eMibit, "Mexican 1dendIies." 
chronicles the biIIury fA the counuy. ThR ..., abo 
exbibitsaboullhe ..... andllllllicdlll_&riqueIy 
Mexican. A visit to TJ is DOl indk:8dveofwlllllbel'Cll 

See DAY, PIlI H4 

Tbunday, January 16, 1992 

By DanIel L CalvI 
Staff Writer 

Some of North America's first 
exposure to any kind of world mu-
sic came with 1960'sfolkphenom-
enon Simon and Garfunke~ 
duo began placing its own arrange-
ments and lyrics over tracks (which 

shelled guitars. 

,. they simply 
bought at the 
time) of Peru-
vian flutes, 
pan pipes, 
drums and ar-
madillo-

In the 19905, this exchange of 
musical styles has become more 
popular and, with Western artists 
like Simon, David Byme or Peter 
Gabriel, it is more of a cultural 
blending than musical imperialism. 
Simon contends thai he pays his 
musicians well,and both Byme and 
Gabriel have compiled several col-
lections of recordings of the songs 
that have been most influential to 
them. Through their own record-
ings, they are giving new levels of 
exposure to talented musicians from 
the Middle East to Latin America 

Although Gonzalo Vargas, an 
internationally-known siku player, 
and the other three musicians that 
make up the Andean music en-
semble,lnkuyo, haveneverworl<ed 
with Simon. Vargas says that he is 
"helping to get [the music) known." 

Inkuyo, which will play at 
UCSD's Mandeville Auditorium 
tonight at 8 p.m., is comprised of 

of 
Vargas, a Bolivian, Pamela 
Darington, a fifth generation Cali-
fornian , and Jorge Tapia and Omar 
Sepulveda, both of whom are from 
Chile. The San Francisco-based 
group tends to concentrate on the 
traditional music ofthcAndes. "The 
traditional music culture in Chile, 
Peru and Bolivia is still very much 
alive," Vargas said. This traditional 
music offestivals and carnivals will 
be the focus of the first third of 
Inkuyo's concert. 

During the second segment of 
thecoDCen, thequanet will perfonn 
songs that mix traditional rhythms 
and melodies with a colonial Span-
ish influence. This Spanish influ-
ence is heard in the stringed instru-
ments that each of tile four members 
are able to alternatively play. The 
plucky, steel-stringed cllarongo or 
guitar-likeronrococomplement the 
quena flutes and siku panpipe beau-
tifully. Percussion of the booming 
wonqaradrumand the del icate ranle 
of deer hooves catapults the m0-
rose-sounding "Ponchos Rojos," a 
song about a warrior who spends hi 
life playing sad, soulful melodies 10 
his depaned love, into a jubilant 
HuaYllo rhythm. A Soya rhythm, 
brought to the Andes by African 
slaves during colonial times, is also 
incorporated into the song. 

The final pan of the show will 
focus on more contemporary style 
of music that are influenced by 
Vargas' ear foreverything from folk 
to classical music. 

While [nkuyo does not claim to 

The UCSD Guardian 

be a political group ormakers of politi-
cal music, several of its songs are acaIl 
for peace and an end to oppression. 
Nuevo condon. a mu ical mol/ement 
in the 1970s that developed all over 
Latin America as an underground re-
sponse to the harsh rule of govem-
ments (such as lhatof Augusto Pinochet 
in Chile) has had a great effect on the 
music Inkuyo perfonns. 

"The nuel'o concioll blends tradi-
tional and contemporaiy we tern ele-
ments." Vargas explained. ';Chilean 
groups were using this music to ex-
press slruggle against political oppres-
sion." One song, "Silencio," an ex-
ample of the style created by them/em 
cancio" movement, is an homage to 
people not allowed to speak freely 
about their political beliefs. Mamie 
Di lIing, a friend of V argas and profes-
sor of world music at UCSD added, 
"[The members oflnkuyol don ' t think 
of themselves as technical or contro-
versial or about social prote I." 

CRADLE 
ContInued from pace H2 
seemed so calm and Disney-like. 

There were other little things that 
didn't fit: how Peyton could thrash 
around in a women's restroom via-
lentl y enough to splinter the walls, but 
have no one hear her, how Michael 
could break both his legs and still look 
only mildly put out, or, how Claire 
could be clubbed in the head with a 
shovel and not have even a mild con-
cussion. The Ii t goes on ... 

~~~ CONCERT SERIES 
• 

\NITH SPECIAL GUEST 
LENNY 
KRAVITZ 

WITH SFEaAL GUEST 

• 

HIATUS H3 

THINGS TO DO THIS WEEK 
TONIGHT: A special one -hour theater progmm will feature the 
Jan. 4 sunset __ ecIIpee. Showing starts at 6:30 p.m. at the 
Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater. Tickets are $2.25 per person. For 
more information call 238-1233. 

FRIDAY: Dr. "....at c.ter of the Depanment of Near 
Ea tern Languages and Cultures at UCLA will speak on 
archaeological methodologie and personalities. giving a brief 
history of the excavations at Susa in southwest Iran. Lecture begins 
at 7:30p.m. at the Fellowship Hall in the La Jolla United Methodi t 
Church, 6063 La Jolla Blvd. 

MONDAY: Special concen in honor of Dr, Martin Luther 
KIIC. Jr. will begin at 8 p.m. with music provided by the lyrical 
rock band, Blacksmith Union, and reggae band. Citizen X. The 
concen will be held at the Belly Up in Solana Beach. Donation-
$5. For more infonnation call 277..fn91. 

....... concen with special guest: PrImus. Concen begins at 8 
p.m. at the San Diego Spons Arena. Tickets on sale now. For more 
information call 213-205-7450. 

TUESDAY: s.v ..... performs at Sound FX, formerly The 
Bacchanal, at 8:30 p.m. Ticket are $7.00. For more infol1llution 
call 560-8022. ' 

WEDNESDAY: KOIIIe NWd at the Belly Up! Guests are 
FIMten -....uan and Fruk Seen. Show stuns at 8:30 p.m. 

A-..~Aw ....... WeekEyents: (January 
21 through 25) 
TUESDAY: Asian American Video Artist Presentation begins at 7 p.m. at 
Solfs 107. A show asc of Asian American video artists and their views on 
Asian identity. A discussion will follow. 
THURSDAY: A.S. Films Series. "Ju do". nominated for :10 Academy 
Award for Best Foreign Picture (1990). isa talc that addresses the 
inequalities faced by women in China during the 1920s. Shows at 6:30 
p.m .. 9 p.m .. and II :30 p.m. in the Price Center Auditorium. 
FRIDAY: Asian American Perfomlance Troupe "Here and Now" will 
deal with political and social issues facing everyone. Perfonnanccs are 
written and directed by college students. Show begin ' at 5 p.m. IRPS 
Auditorium. 
SATURDAY: Cultural Perfol1llance Night features Japanesc Taiko 
Drummers. comedians, folk dancing and more. Show begins at 7 P.M. in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. FREE! 



H4 HIATUS 

NATIONAlS 
ContInued flam ... H3 
dise----breakjng things. 

Guillenno Herrera. who sells 
leather goods. complained about 
people who waste hi time haggling 
for a lower price without seriously 
intending to buy something. and 
when he give them the lowest price 
possible,they just walk away (some-
time laughing). 

lIEU8LY 
While I was there I was "lucky" 

enough to witnes an incident in 
which an older American touri 1 
had bough 1 a che set alone of the 
local shops, but later found another 
for a lower pri e on the street. She 
came back to the curio shop and, 
reportedly. rudely demanded her 
money back, claiming that in the 
U.S. one can return something for 
cash if they decide they don't want 
it. When the alesperson said they 
d n't normally give refunds, the 
American woman threw the item 
and said (something to the effect) 
that all Mexican ju trip people off. 

After the incident, a crowd of 
sale people and shop owners ex-
plained that in Mexico, tore oper-
ate differently than in the U.S.-

ne shouldn't go there thinking 
·tores have the same rule . The 
owner of the store where the inci-
dent happened said that, since it' 
her busine s, she could have given a 
refund if the American had been 
polite, but that he would never give 
a refund to a patron who had acted 
<'0 rudely towards her sale person. 

AlGUNOS CONSEJOS 
Jaime Patino, the general man-

ager of Margarita Village, had no 

complaints about tourists. even 
though he works during peak pany 
hours.. He did, however, offer some 
advice. 1be rule of thumb among 
Tijuana wailers and managers is to 
let the tourists do whatever the hell 
lhey want - they are the main con-
umers. He said the waiters at the 

night clubs will inevitably feed you 
as much alcohol as you can possibly 
consume-without regard for your 
safety. 

If you don't know when to say 
when, don't expect a concerned 
waiter to stop serving you drinks or 
to advise you. Expeet to find your-
self crawling down the street, puk-
ing in 3 taxi, or in your bet friend ' 
new car. 

Another interesting point Patino 
made was that in Tijuana there are 
different rules fortheday and night. 
The day is reserved for the older 
tourist and fonhe shoppers. It i the 
safe time, ideal to shop, vi it orne 
ites, and then go have lunch. For 

thi reason you cannot go into place 
that serve food and be rowdy during 
the day- it's reserved fort he older, 
mellow crowd. 

At night, the rule change. You 
can basically be as rowdy you 
like (oot advised) and expet to be 
left alone. If you ju t want to tumg 
out and have a meal go in the day-
time. If you want to party and be 
rowdy, go at nighl. 

Police Sergeant Tomas Mendoza 
and the waiters at Ti\1y' 5th Av-
enue said people in Tijuana feel that 
youngAmeri anadultsgotoTijuana 
10 relieve all the ten i ns of the 
American soc iety-<>urescape from 
it all. This i the reason why they let 
young adult get away with a little 

The UCSD Guardian 

more than they would in a similar 
setting in the States. TIley want you 
to feel comfonable, to have a good 
time. Mendoza said what they don'l 
like are people who don 'I know the 
limits, those who go beyond be-
cause they are in Mexico, or be-
cause lhey are 100 drunk, or some 
combination of both. 

Nalional know what i allowed 
in the tales and, when young adult 
gel out of hand, it is resenled be-
cause they know you wouldn't dance 
on thetable,orthrow your girt friend 
or yourself from a ledge on to the 
dance floor, or Ihrow beer bottles 
around in the U.S. 

When you go to Tijuana, notice 
and appreciate the bordercultu~ 
how traditional and modem Mexico 
come together with the foreign, 
making it a unique city. Go party, 
and go have fun! Don't go there and 
try to pull . hit that you wouldn't 
dare to pull here, unle you want 
to pend the night begging Sergeant 
Mendoza to let you go home. Be 
respectful, not just to the employee 
at the bars or the streel venders, but 
to the culture and country you are 
vi iting. The re peet the nalionals 
lose isn't ju t for the rowdy young 
Americans in panicular. They lose 
respect for Americans as a whole. 
Take the responsibility for repre-
senting your country. 

DAY 
ContInued from page H3 
of the country is about, and a trip to 
the museum hould enlighten those 
who may have rni onception of 
Mexican culture and everyday life. 

And in case the museum doesn't 

A rdm by Carlos Carrera 
with Eduardo L6pez Rojas. Malena Doria 6 Arce11a Ramirez 

MexIco • 1991· Spanish with EncBsh IUbtltla • 90 mlmlta 
January 21 • Tuesday. 8:00 p.m. • MaadevUle Aadltodam 

UCSD Box OtBce: 534-6467 & ncketMuter 
presented by INTERNATIONAL STYLE 1992 

In cooperation with tbe UCSD Visual Arts Department and ASUCSD 

dolhe trick. the Space Thealershould 
offer visual treaIS as well as an edu-
cational tour of Mexico. 1be En-
glish version of the film "People of 
the Sun" runs Monday through Fri-
day at 2 p.m., and will take the 
viewer from the streets of a Mexi-
can village to Mayan pyramids and 
beyond. 

"People of the Sun" will take one 
through Mexico as only a Space 
Theater movie can. The Space The-
ater also plays the typical Space 
Theater fare and recently hosted 
Rolling Stones' IMAX documen-
tary, which didn 'I even come to San 
Diego. 

Other imponrutt features of the 
Cultural Center are the exhibit hall 
which howcasethetalentsofMexi-
can anists. 

Not only do the exhibit halls 
display the art of Mexico' world-
renowned artist , they also fealure 
local talent as well. There are fine-
art pieces as well as quilts and other 
crofts. Tired of what i offered in the 
galleries in San Diego? The Cul-
tw-aJ Center exhibit halls offer a 
fre h alternative. 

DIIMNQ ACIIOU 
No matter what the traffic looks 

like, there are rules of the road to 
follow in TJ. A moving violation in 
TJ is handled much differently from 
one in America. 

There are, currently, attempts to 
clean up the Mexican police force, 
and offering to "pay the fine now" 
might not tum out to be such a great 
idea. It i probably in an American's 
best interest to read the ituation 
before offering some U.S. currency 
to bail oneself out. 

When one gets a ticket in Mexico, 

Thursday, January 1~ 1992 

it is requi~ that one follow the 
offtcer to the police tation 10 pay 
the fine. Mexican citizens have their 
licenses held by the police untillhe 
fine is paid, but Mexican law pro-
hibitstheholdingofdriver' licenses 
from other countries-dli i why 
one must visit the police tation. 
Once the fine is paid, an official 
receipt should be is oed and one i 
free to leave. 

Special insurance isn 'I a require-
ment for visitors who drive into 
Mexico, but is highly recommended. 
In the case of an accident, if One 
doesn't have valid insurance in 
Mexico, it i legal to detain the 
driver and the aUlomobile involved 
in the accident. The driver is de-
tained in case he cannot pay for any 
damages, and withOUI insurance, 
well. one could conceivably be de-
tained for a long time. 

There are igns before the border 
to direct would-be visitors to places 
in America which offer insurance. 
There are also locations ju t inside 
Mexico where in urance can be 
purchased. If one's trip south of the 
border involves a long, multi-day 
stay, special insurance and permit 
are necessary. 

There is much more to Tijuana 
than the bars and zebro-painted don-
keys. Sure the nightlife is conducive 
to a good time, but so are the sights 
available during the day. 

A daytime trip offers a better 
insight into theculture of our neigh-
bors 10 the south-which i '!Iuch 
more than beer and mixed drinks. 
Go with the group of friends which 
usually go at night-you'll have 
ju t as much fun and you might even 
learn something too. 

I 
m 

'e UE '\ . $11 • G.A. $15. lOX OfFICI 
~-6467 


