
Elsewhere 
AdmIuIon PoIcI .. 
Under InYelHptlon 

. DAVIS - The University of 
Califomia's Medical School 
admi. sions policies have come 
under scrutiny by the State Office 
of Civil Rights. The probe will 
detem,ine whether the UC's 

admi~ions process violates feder.ll 
law by giving special treatment to 
applicants of underrepresented 
ethnic groups. In 1978. the 
Supreme Coon ruled in Bakke I'. 
ve R"gellfs that race could be 
taken into account when selecting 
students. 

'Supercities' Topic 
of Conf...-.ce 
SA FRANCISCO -Intema-
tional expertS concerned about 
future development and environ-
mental problems generated by 
major metropolitan areas in the 
Pacific 8;l~in will gather at 
Califomia State Univen;ity .u San 
Francisco for a four-day confer-
ence. "Supercities: Environmental 
Quality and Sustainable Develop-
ment." will be held Oct. 26 to 30. 
Issues discussed will be air and 
water quality. waste and toxic 
management. trJllsportation and 
land llliC management. 

Art Museum 
Scarred by Arson 
SANTA BARBARA - A fire set 
al lhe UCSB Art Museum may be 
a hale Clime. museum worken; 
said. but campu police officials 
have dismissed the charges. 
Mll'ieum employees say the fire. 
which scorched about one-third of 
an door next to a "Window on 
AIDS" art showcase. may have 
been set in reaction to a 10K AIDS 
walk fundrJiser. 

Deaths Prompt 
Stairwell Banteade 
SANTA BARBARA - In 
response to two fatal incidents at 
the Fnmcisco Torres residential 

~all. the building's management 
began construction of stairwell 
balcony barricades last month. TIle 
$100.(0) project. scheduled to be 
completed by the end of October. 
comes eight months after two 
UCSB student. fell to their deaths. 

I 

Inside 

I FORGKf 
SCIENCE: The crippling 

effecl~ of Alzheimer's may 
soon be a thing of the past. • 

SPECTACLE: Fratemity and 
sorority pledges tell what they 
really think about "Rush." 11 

Index 
l!CSD BRIEFS ......................... 2 
UJlI~IU~ ...... .... .... .. ............... 4 
~PEcr.-\CLE ........ .......... .. ..... S I 
CU.END.\R .......................... SS 
eL.\ 'SIFlEDS ........................ 12 
SPORTS .... ........................... 16 

, H E c 5 

UC ANOIEGO MONDAY, ocroBER 26, 1992 VOLUME ii. ISSUE III 

I THREE SECONDS ON THE CLOCK. • • Yearbook 
MayBe 
Cancelled 
MONEY: Poor ale may 
force the yearbook to 
down ize or be axed 
By Dan Krauss 
Senior Staff Writer 

A dr,L,tic drop in yearboo\.. ,,"~ 
I'L,t year h'L' left the Tliton year \.. in 
a~tickysituation . lfthe~taffcannot~11 
5000fthe '9~- '93 yearboobeitherthe 
print nUl will be ~h,hed or it will 
~imply not be producetl again next 
year. 

L:.l~t yew·.~,ab f( rthe '1) 1-'I)~ year-
boo\..dropped by 50 perrelli from about 
5 to around ~50 boob. "ccording to 
Co-Edit r Greg Gee. 

Jennder Vann/ Guardlllrl 
A wheelchair basketball game at the Main Gym closed out Disability Awareness Week. 

"Ourpubli~herlo~t $3.000. Under-
!'.l4Indlbly. they're a bu~ines., . They 
can't take los:-.cs li\..e that: ' he said. 

Students, Faculty Voice Concerns About Future 
If !>ales continue to be 'L~ low :.l'i they 

were I'L~t year. the ye.n'boo\"·s pages 
wi ll be retlucetl from ~OO to 80. !>aid 
Co-Editor KathleneJensen.lfthat hap-
pens. only senior POltr.lil~ wi ll remain. BUDCET: Faculty fear more cuts and layoffs will 

jeapordize the quality of education at UCSD 
ByTrud King 
Guardian Reporter 

Students. staff and faculty gath-
ered last Wednesday to discuss paying 
more money for less education. 

The leach-in. sponsored by His-
tory Profes.'iOr Steven Halm. fealured 
four speakers from UCSD and an 
open-floor discu sion afterwards. 

Students were most concerned with 
the slow dismantling of the university 
due 10 budget cuts and the fee hikes 
that have accompanied those cuts. 

History DeJXlltmentChair Michael 
Bernstein said thaI the proposed bud-
get cuts would further reduce the 
amount of money being spenlto edu-

cate each studenl. below the current 
$4.200 spent per student. per year. 

Some studenl'i said they were al-
ready feeling the pinch of increa.-.ed 
fees. 

"My fees have gone up over 91 
percent in the four years I have been 
here landl fees will be raised a mini-
mum of$450perstudent [lleXI year I:' 
said Associated Students President 
Mike Holmesduring Ihe panel discus-
sion. 

Staff members are also brJCing 
themselves for cuts and layoffs. ac-
cording to United Staff Association 
alair Maggie Houlihan. 

"Staff concerns I include /job secu-

rity and prospects of layoffs. No one 
wants to lay off or be I:lid off. /That 
wou ld also I mean incf'ea..e<1 ~pon~i­
bility for everyone ebe:' ~he said. 

Litemture gmduate ~tudent Molly 
Rhodes said that the budget cut.'; and fee 

hike~ are call~ing many problem~ for 
graduate students. especially tho~ who 
are employed by the univen;ity. Teach-
ing AssiManl~ will protxlbly have much 
larger cla'\SeS. she added. 

Muir College Junior Rachel KutrJs 
said that the impact of the budget cul~ 
reaches much farther than just the UC 
system and the studenl~ i~)t: 

,,' want to teach. and if there is no 
money it will be difficult t6 gel maleri-
als. If malerials and funding are not 
there. the quality of education won't be 
lhere:' she said. 

Currently. in addition toseniorpor-
tmil'. the ye.u'book teatur~ section~ 
for each college at UCSD. pictures of 
evelY uOlm. a spoilS ~ction and a 
section for Greek organizations and 
clubs. 

One of the book \ highlighl~ thi~ 
ye.u· will be photogt-'Iphs of the U.S. 
Olympic "Dream Tealll." which prJC-
ticed in the UCSD gym tlUJing late 
June. 

Gee said it is a "distinct pos.,ibility·· 
that the ye.utool- may not even be 
produced next year if sales do nOl 
improve. "Hopefully. it won't happen. 
But. if and when it does. we have to ~il 
down w,d discuss it with our pub-
lisher." 

See BOOK, Page 7 

'Snake Path' Newest Addition to UCSD's Stuart Collection 
By Karen Speigel 
Guardian Reporter 

A crowd of 300 gathered at the CentrJI LibrJry for 
the inauguration of Alexis Smith's "Snake Path" on 
Saturday. It is is the elevenlh piece created for the 
Stuart Collection at UCSD. 

"Snake p.Jth" is a 560-fOOl multi-toned slate snake 
that winds up toward the Centr:lI Library. starting near 
lhe Engineering Building. 

A seven-foot high grJllite book of John Milton's 
"Paradise Lost" stands on end nearlhe tail oflhe snake. 
Engraved on it is the qUOle. "Then wilt thou not/Be 
100h 10 leave/This Pamdise/But shalt pos..'iess/A Para-
dise within{Thee. happier far." Further up. the snake 
coils around a small "Garden of Eden." 

A bench rests in the center inscribed with a quote 
from poet Thomas Gray. 

The piece. funded by the Sluart Foundalion. the 
National Endowment for the Arts and privale con-
tributors. is the culmination of six yem-s of work. 

Julia Fuller, program representative for the Stuart 
Collection. feels that "Snake Path" could be a launch-
ing poilU for increa.<;ed visibility and apprecialion of 
the SIUaIt collection an pi«es by UCSD students. 

"Snake Path" is unique becall'ie not a lot of alt 
collections are so participatory:' Fuller said. 

The Stuart Collection organizers hope that the 
piece enhances the land· 
scape while prompting 
students 10 Ihink. added 
Fuller. '''The collection is 
a museum, but it is also a 
living museum." 

"Snake Path" seerned 
10 impress many of the 
people who attended the 
inauguration. '''There'. a 
nice louch of frivolity 
about it. which is also true of the Sun God:' said 
Psychology Profe. sor Stuart Anstis. 

Smith said she is interested in how students will 
react to her piece. "1 hopelhey will appreciale it a.~ agift 
and respect and take care of it. I hope they think about 
the larger meaning of it." Smith said. 

Those in attendance agreed that there was no one 
way to interpret the piece. but that inlerpretation 
should be left open. 

Of the six years spent planning the path. only six 

months were actually dedicated to the con'>llllction and 
landscaping of the piece. 

TIle path uses three type~ of ~Iale. 1'1'0111 China. India 
and Africa. An eight-peNlIl crew cut the I~ inch by 
twelve inch tiles into hexagonal !'.hape~. 

According to Bill Kla.'i(!r. pn~sidenl of the lile 
company. the head W'b particularly challenging due to 
ils illlricate design. 

Smilh's dmwing wa~ enlarged and made into a 
lemplate from which the tile cutters worked. 

One misconception that Fuller hope~ wi ll be emdi-
cated is the Illyth Ihatlhe Stuwt Collection pieces. of 
which "Snake Path" is a part. are funded through lhe 
university. 

James Sluart DeSilva. a local San Diego business-
man and philanthropist. founded tile Stuart Collection 
through private funding. TIle UCSD campus became 
the Sluart Collection \ home through an agreement 
with the UC Regenl~. Other Stuart Collection pieces 
include the Sun God and the Talking Trees. 

The next Stuart Collection piece is scheduled 10 be 
cOlllpleted in Willler of 1993 by .uli~1 Jenny Holzer. 
The piece will be a six-fOO( long table with benches 
made of stone and carved. with quot~ and e.says. 



2 NE~ 

Lecturer Calls for Blacks 
To 'Free' 1hemseIves 
FORUM: Economics Professor Glenn C. Loury says 
that whites can only do so much in the fight for equality 
By Karen Chent 
Associate News Editor 

Economics ProfessorGlenn C. Loury 
provided a conservative counterpoint to 

ew Yo:tUniversity Law Profe ... sor Der-
rick Bell's more liberal view of racism 
and just ice during a lecture lasl Thur..d.IY 
night 

Loury \ lecture. held in the Garren 
Auditorium at lhe Mt.-dical School. wa-. 
lhe ",""Cond pan of a Iwo-p;U1lecture ~rie ... 
on "RllCe and Ju,tice in 
Al11erica:\pon<.Ored by 
Ihe Price Public Affair.. 
FOtUmOmlird ollege. 

The tiN leeture W:l' 
given by Bell on Oct. 16. 

of thought :unong African-Americans." 
loury explained thai these two dif-

ferent ways ofthinking. while believed 
to be new by the ~ of :.ociely. are 
actually old neW!. in the Afri an-Alneri -
can community. 

Di!>C us~ion on how much the 0-
cial and economic po ilion of blacks 
isdue todiscrimination and how much 
can be improved through hard work 
has been "ongoing for many genera· 

lions" within the Af-
ricun·Ameri ca n. 
community. he said. 

Loury ~aid that 
,ubjet." black!. mighl 
argue about among 
thel11-elves take on a 
very different mean-
ing when theY .1re di,-
cu~ in public. 

Loury. a prof~\Or 
.It 80,ton Univer..ily. 
'PL"Cialiw. in economic 
public policy and ih ef-
fect on the Afri all' 
Amelic:ln community. "Pr8l1c1ent 

" I think that many 
people who oppo:.e 
Clarence Thomas 
would ,ay behind 

In a manner ... tnk-
Ingly different from 
Bell' '. LOlli), pn..-..ented 
acon~rv:u ive :u-gulllelll 
Ji'lingui,hing belween 
1\\0 prev:liling idea .. 
wilhin Ihe African-
Allleric;lI1 coll1l1lunity. 

Abraham 

Al'coniingtoLoury. 
equ.llity dcpelxb on ae-
1.110" It:dging the 
&,tullctioillhal plague, 
bbd, communitb. 

UncoIn 
emancipated 
the slaves, but 
now we must 
emancipate 
0IneIves. •• What 

closed cJoor., th:1I ,orne 
of what he', ~ying 
warranl, com,ider-
alion. l1ley wish Ihat 
he w:l\n'l <.0 quick to 
walll to say it ill front 
of while foIl,. You 
could certainly \l~ in 
lhe conflict over the 
confi mlat ion it<;elf that 
Ihi, kind of thing wa, 
at work in 11le! fir..! in-
,Wilt.. .. They needed 
black authorization to 

does it take to 
"The kind of 
progre-.~ Imealll\."qu ire, 
public intervention: j b 
II JlI1ing. child care. nu· 
Irllion . drug c:lre. 
homeie",,/nn,/. ll!-.cl· 
phnc for cnll1inally of-
fendlllg youlh.,. The ar-
gument i, how do you 
obt.ain thc-e Ihing''! ... 

be equal, to be 
free? Not the 
slgntngof a 
paper, to be ablctoanacl.ablack 

nominee - needed 
sure." tora blad. voicelo!-.lY 

- Professor thal II wa"quiteallright Ihat the atl4lCk on Tho-
I11JS \\ouldn't be all Glenn Loury 

one need., to vOle on i~,un pelUining Ito 
Ihi'I." he )O;lid. 

Loury )O;liu lh31 although political ac-
tion on behalf of black, i, importUlt. 
ultilllatdy black ... rnu,1 do forthem~lve-.. 

"Who really believes Ihat white 
America i, responsible for the plight of 
blacks'! President Abmham Lincoln 
emancipated the slaves. but no. we l1lust 
cmancipnteolln.elves. No m:Ul C:Ul really 
" free" another. Every man must gain for 
him:.elf. What does it take to be equal. to 
be free'? Not the signing of a paper. to be 
sure." 

Loury al:.aconlmentedon the conser-
"ative Ix:liefs of newly appoinled Justice 
Clarence Thonl3S to the Supreme Court 
and how much controver.;y hi~ nomina-
tion brought. 

" You could see in11lO1l];l~. this mar-
ket-oriented conservative. Ihis ne:U'-Iib-
('rtmi~n fellow who talks about 'pulling 
one-elfup byone·,bootslraps.· and lhow 
he replaced I Thurgood Marshall. the icon 
oflheCivil Right. Movemenl .... youcan 
see the polarity between Thonla-. and 
Mar..hall :I!> representative of a diversity 

:Inli·black attack. but 
it would be :Ul :Ulll-conservative attack 
III \~hlch black." were joill<!d in." 

ccording 10 Loury. the fact Ih.1l 
1110111:1.\ i ... black mighl better enable 
hil11 to rJi~ ccnain quotions and i~lI~ 
Wilhoul immcdiatelydmwingpublicsus-
picion over what b influencing tholie 
qUC1>1ion . 

"P'Jrt of our problem a, a society is 
deliocr.lting candidly aboul these issues 
in lhat ... when other people hear what 
we say. they'll atuibute a meaning to 
lhem other than what we intend." he 
explained. 

Loury also cited the historic:!1 ex-
amples of Booker T. W;c,hington and 
W.E.B. Du Bois. 

He explained why he understand~ 
Washington Ix:ner than Du Bois. al-
though he re~pect~ both of them as 
great Afric n-American heroes. 

·'Wa...hington believed that if black 
Americans redre s their current condi-
tion of low status with respect 10 educa· 
tion. ~kllls. property. public demeanor. 
criminality ... that progress cannot be 
earned. but can be demanded." he said. 

TIw UC 0 Guardian MUIIIIII~ • O,·tulH'1" :!(,. IIJC}"l 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Watterson 

-

BRIEFLY ••• 

~ MlM\ITES~, I 
~s EATI"'" DE"I~ 
w.M. Cl{O(ov.~ "'ILK. 
t;;1WtS. ANO Kt CitE'No\ 
Ih--.....'~-.r----J 

\. 

AND NO~ 1'''' R\)Nt(ING 
"Ro.l~ ON ,., P\.A~6~ 
~ OF ~~·IN~\~. 
Ql50i IEtH11'oiG MonoN 

oe..,ICES . 

'f£ LlH uP FLAY -S· A~O 
IT SA'f:.. • 'fOO"iI£ A 

~m· ~1\1\NG B~ 

IT rAl(£S ~ ~ 1\\AA 
ONE ~~ 1\) 'f4E.f..R. 
!o\'('*.lf' Il'lro ,.. STM'f. 1 ry; S\JSIo\I<;'5IOW . 

1 
I 

I 
• , 

~ .... 

Top Spanish Architect to Lecture 
Enric Miralles. considered the outstanding architect 

of his generation in Spain. will present a free public 
lecture Oct. 30 at UCSD. 

The Barcelona architect will speak on "Mental Maps 
and Social Landscapes· at 8 p.m. in the Robinson 
BUIlding Complex auditorium. The lecture is one in a 
series of fall faculty lectures sponsored by the School 
of ArchItecture. Miralles Will also address UCSD arch~ 
tectural classes between Oct. 28 and Nov. 4 as part of 
the Regents Lecture program. 

UCSD School of Architecture Professor William Curtis 
is also involved in the current architectural scene in 
Spain and has written extenSively on recent European 
worll. 

-Having Miralles here is a unique opportunity to 
channel the energies of one of the most vital emergent 
currents of architecture today and to share a world 
figure with the San Diego community. His appearance 
as a lecturer early in the School of Architecture's first 
year sends a powerful signal about the school's aim of 
considering architecture on a global scale." he said. 

Miralles has evolved an architecture of social land- . 
scapes in which dynamic forms intersect with the 
surrounding environment. "His is an architecture which 
stands somewhere between sculpture, urbanism and 
landscape design, · said Curtis. MiralleS' most recent 
work is the Olympic Archery Range Facilities in Barcelona. 

ScIence ... T.chil0~Y Job Fair 
To Help Students Find Work 

The Science and Technolo~ Job fair will be on 
campus Thursday, Oct. 29. Over 50 employers will 
attend to talk with science, e~neering, math, com-
puter science and other technical m .. ors about poten-
tial jobs and intemships with their companies. 

The fair, sponsored by Career Services. will take 
place from 10:30 a.m. until 2 p.m. in the Price Center 

Ballroom. Student professional technical organizations 
will also be in attendance to provide assistance at the 
fair. Students are encouraged to bring resumes to 
share with the company representatives. 

Prote •• or To Lecture on 
~~nEx~Sy.~p 

Norwegian Explorer Harald Urik Sverdrup and his 
adventures from the Arctic to La Jolla will be the subject 
of a public lecture on Thursday, Oct. 29, at UCSO's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

UCSD Associate History Professor Robert Marc 
Friedman will follow the distinguished scientifIC career 
of Sverdrup (1888-1957), which spanned from Norway 
to San Oiego where he served as the Director of the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography from 1936 to 
1948. The lecture will be held at 3 p.m. in Scripps' 
Sumner Auditorium. 

According to Friedman, Sverdrup is considered to be 
one of the leading oceanographers of this certury. He 
led Scripps Institution to become the world's leading 
research center in oceanography after WWII. 

Sverdrup's main research interests were in ocean 
currents and the relationship of the oceans to weather. 
A major thrust of his efforts as Director of Scripps 
Institution was to bring various disciplines together to 
study the Pacific Ocean. 

"Sverdrup's career sheds light on the emergence of 
oceanography as a rigorous science and professional 
discipline," Friedman said. ·Sverdrup·s ability to define 
research problems and carve a profeSSional niche for 
himself and for his notion of an ocean science was 
shaped by larger forces in society,' he said. 

Upon leaving Scripps Institution in 1948, Sverdrup 
returned to Norway to become Director of the Norsk 
Polar Institute. a position he retained until his death in 
1957. 

lilt I.CSD _IS IlAished ~ .J1d TIlnda)s '*'"' 111< _)fa by iJ'od lor Iho SlLllerU 
otUCSO.~ofIhlSnewso.:ar"""Iofm.~Ihor~_lr~Dal~permoSSO\~SII'<Itr 
(lrIlI1IlIteO •. 1992 •• ~ Me!'otCI. lilt UCSO Gtaoa! ~ no! ~ kr I/le ~ of ~ 
_lr M. The.~ t!lpt<W<I .. pncs ano siC"'" ItIIMlr _ (II) r«-ssatr 
~ h _ of The I.CSD GuirtU< I/le ~ <I c.tma. lr I/le AssociaIocI SQJderu 1lIe 
UCSO Gtaoa!" bldo<I !<lit; by -..... The rn>iO IacIoeys .. bo VIX it ....... 

FRANCISCO DeVRES, News Editor 
BEN FRBJND, Features Editor 

GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 
ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 

IENIOIIITAI'F~: Jenny Galan • . Dan Krauss. Matthew Robinson 
STAA' WRfTDII: Elaine Camuso. Kitsten Halllet$On . ~ Johnson. Roderick 
lee. ThefHa Moore. Murall Moorthy. Julie Pak. Ely RaIlan!. Kara Saul . AIe,a J. 
Sherman. Julie Sherman 
DEII8N COIIIIULTAIITI: Ml&uel Buckenmeyer. James Colloer 
ILUIITlIATOMI: Nathan Etl.n . Speeo FarriS. Jennller Hart . Alan lund(ren. 
Adriano Mu~z. Katie Roe . AI Spong 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Managing Editor 
SHANNON BLmSOE, Copy Editor 

RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 
KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

DAN McDOWELl.., Photo Editor 
PHIUP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 

.JEFF NESEl, Hiatus Editor 
JASON RlTatE, Associate Photo Editor 

ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 
DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate Opinion Editor 

LMWE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Associate Features Editor 

GREGG WRENN, Sports Editor 

DESIIINERI: Wilson Cheun,. Theresa Myrtle. Kalie Roe 
PIIOT __ : Si<lllrt Dell . Sidney lynch. Paul Mackey. jennifer Mattllews. 
Lori M~cnell . Chuck NCuyen. Jennifer Vann 
COl'\' IIL\IIEJII: Michelle ChIone. A/on M.ller. David Radwin . Jessie Spnn&er 
AIIVIIIl1SII'KI AllllTNn': T.,. Eoll 

lOll DeAMlIIEA. Business ~ 
IIICIIAIL I'OUUCI, AdvertlsWW ,.,.,., 
.. IIIIAImm. AdwHIIsJnf Oesp 

Eo ..... ..-Y, CIaUIfit!d ~1It1ve 

EdIIONI: 5~. Business 0IIk:e: 534-3466. FaJ; 534-7691 
UCSD GuInI8n, 9500 Gilman DIM 0316, 

La JoIa, CA 92093-03U 
__ : Second Floor. UCSO SIUdonI C«1ter Bu.IOInC 'A' 

Monday, October 26, 199"2 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Student Regent Says Fee Hikes Certain LIGHTS & SIRENS 
BUDGET: Student Regent Alex Wong visited UCSD 
to explain budget cuts and urge student involvement 
ByRltuSax .... 
Guardian Reporter 

Alex Wong, the only student mem-
ber of the UC Board of Regem, held a 
forum aI UCSD 00 Friday to warn of an 
impending fee intrea'le for next year 
WId to give srudents an opponunity to 
speak with a ~nl. 

"By holding these forums, I arn try-
ing to provide a vehicle for students who 
have no access to the Board of Re-
gents," he said 

Wong sakllhat it is impernlive for 
students to be aware of what is happen-
ing around them. A Student Regent, 
Wong' roleistobringtheirperspective 
to the board. 

"When the fees are listed 00 paper. 
they are slightly deceptive." Wong said. 
''The regents don't take into accounl 
how much money students are spend-
ing in addition to the registration fees." 

Wong me~ the high cost of 
living. lextbook expemes and paricing 
permit costs. "All these things add up." 
he said 

Therecenrfeehikesdominaaedmost 
of the discussion. 

"[ am 100 percent sure the fees are 
going up again next year - but I'm na 
sure how much," Wong said. 

According to Wong. 60 percent of 
the money in the UC budget came from 
the stale of California in 1960 WId now 
less than 30 percent comes from the 
state. 

'1l1ere's really nailing the regents 
can do until the stale legislature gives us 
more money," he continued. 

Wong said thai some lobbying i 
going on, but not enough. 

"I am 100 percent 
.... the,.. .. 
going up .... n next 
Y'" - but I'm not 
... howmuch ••• 
For most studellts Its 
..-,..,toY ..... 
COIl...., but It's 
..... to lit down at 
.... table ... bilk. " 

The regents' proposal to require all 
gradUale. medical, dental, and law stu-
dents to pay increased fees was also 
discussed. 

As a law student at UC Beti<eley, 
Wong is highly opposed to this new 
idea. "I've gained a 101 of student sup-
port,and r think this i a battle I can win." 
he said 

Associated Students President Mike 
Holmes said that the Sludent govern-
ment at UCSD is doing all it can 10 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

VUo@ ~©illlI OO@WD@W ©®O[][J~@ 
6y CoCum6ia ~vie'UJ 

StnIng til. UCSD pnHI.dlcal community since 1_ 

* PHYSICIANS TRAIN1NG PHYSICIANS·OF-THE·FUTURE * 
• INTENSIVE MeAT prep and med school applicalion assistance is our 

specialty and all we do! 
• An independent program run and taught by dedicated M.D'-s. UCSD 

M.D.-Ph.D. candidates and faculty members who are MeAT EXPERTS 
• Reading and wriling workshops taught by a lOp UCSD ENGLISH 

PROFESSOR 
• 12 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruclion and testing, 

problem solving, reading/writ ing workshops, review groups, med school 
application and admissions stralegies. and lutoring 

• 1600 PAGES of originaltake·home review notes and fonnula sheets, 
reading and writing,study guides. MeAT and adm iss ions strategy 
handouls, problem selS and limed exams wrillen by MeAT experts 

• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
• TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges for enrolled students 
• The MOST POPULAR MCA T course with the BEST DOCUMENTED 

RESULTS in San DIego 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses 

~ IU!e 
IDW EIROWIS FOR OUR 

JAIUARY '93 COURSE 

456-4848 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN AD SQUAD WELCOMES 

VOLLEYBAR II Pacific Beacll 
SEE THEIR AD ON PAGE 14 

become involved 
. "We held a meeting last nighl. WId 

everyone unanimously voted against 
the differential fees," he said. 

Holmes added thai most of the stu-
dents on campus are apathetic about 
these issues. "Until a signiflClll1t num-
ber of people get involved it's really 
hard to do much," he said 

The meager three student turnout 
didn't swprise Woog. "For most stu· 
dents its real ly easy to yell and corn-
plain, but it's harder to sit down at the 
table and 1:l1k." Wong added that when 
he visited UCLA. there were over 1500 
Sludenl~ protesting the fee hikes. but 
only 30 attended his meeting. At UC 
Berkeley, only 12 showed up. 

Wong also talked with UCSDChan-
cellor Richard Atkinson. who. accord· 
ing to Wong. is very fiustroted aboutthe 
whole situation. but can't real Iy do any-
thing about it 

He addressed the issue of diversity 
on the current regents board, suggesting 
that a SIlIff member from any UC serve 
on the board. This would enable more 
staff interaction with students and also 
suggested two student regents in.~ead 
of one. Wongaddedthatsrudent interest 
can makeadifferenceeven though there 
is no immediate remedy for the massive 
budget crisis. 

") realize several students have 
other priorities and don't want to get 
involved," he said. 

But Wong believes that every MII-
dent should have time to make a phone 
call. '1'0 this day, I haven't met a stu-
dent without a phone:' he said 

Students who havequestions orcon-
cemsare urged to call him at (5 10)475-
0077. " I want to be accessible to stu· 
dents at any time." Wong said 

"*',Oct.l.: 
6:40 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1987 Honda Prelude from Lot 
354. Loss: $6.500. 
4:15 p.m.: An 18-year-old non-affiliate suffered abrasions to the head and 
back while jumping from his skateboard on Voigt Drive. He was taken to 
Scripps Memorial Hospital by paramedics. 

~,Oct.17: 
12:30 a.m.: A male juvenile student was arrested for possession of alcohol 
at Warren Apartments. He was cited and released. 
5:45 p.m.: An officer reported damages to a police vehicle. 

......."Oct. 18: 
11:40 a.m.: A student reported the theft of a Raleigh B21 bicycle from Fifth 
Dorm rackS. Loss: $375. 
3:45 p.m.: A female student reported receiving threatening phone calls at 
Warren Apartments. 

Monday, Oct. 19: 
2:00 p.m.: A contractor reported the theft of construction equipment from 
Thorton Construction site. Loss: $2,125. 
2:00 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Schwinn Frontier bicycle from 
a La Jolla Del Sol carport. Loss: $200. 
TueIday, Oct. 20: 
1:56 a.m.: A female student was reported missing from Warren Apartments. 
She was located at the AP&M building at 3:35 a.m. 
7:15 p.m.: A student reported an attempted theft of a 1987 WI Jetta. Loss: 
$500 in damage. 
8:40 p.m.: A student reported burglaty from a 1986 WI Jena. Loss: $350. 

W.......-" Oct. 21: 
2:55a.m_: Two female students reported seeing a peeping tom outside their 
window at Third Upper Apartments. 
4:58 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a TV al1tenna from the patio of 
his Warren Apartment. Loss: $50. 
TIandIIy, Oct. 22: 
12:45 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a Murray Mountain Scene G18 
bicycle from Fifth Dorm bike racks. Loss: $150. 
2:00 p.m.: A staff member reported the theft of two offICe chairs from CRB 
room 308A. Loss: $250. 
7:30 p.m.: A 1992 Pontiac Sunbird was stolen from Lot 757. Loss: 
$15.000. 

-Compiled by Julie Pak, Staff Writer 

Receddion? 

FACTORY OUTLET 
CLOTHING STORES 

Take an additional 

20% OFF 
on all dresses, jackets, 

2-piece suits 

One Week Only 

Paciflc.Beach: 931 Gamet Ave,· 483·5150. Miramar: 8250 Camino Santa Fe· 450-3323 
SDSU: 6663 E1 Cajon Blvd. • 460-4370 



, OPINION Thf' lICSl) Gllllnlillll M ... "la~. C 1, ·t"IH·'· :!( •• ''J'):! 

OPINION 
Looking for Alternatives 
~:Always be sure to 
consider "outsider" parties when you 
make your decisions in the voting booth 
By Paul PhIIUps 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

When I W:tl> a junior in high school. my U.S. Hil.lory teacher 
introduced un incredibly si ll y project. The foolish. trifling. 

unin~pired plan wa.~ for our cla!>S to emulate the United State~ 
Congre~s. Naturally. with Congre,!oo being foolbh. trifling and 

unin~pired it.elf. the plan was un enormou~ ~ucce ~ . 
Pan of the project called for every peJ'\on to declare a pany 

affiliation - the two choice~. of course. were DemocrJt and 
Republican. Being the free ~pirit and ",Itural rebel that I am. 1 
denounced ~uch a limiting rule and demanded to be con ~idered 
a Libenarian. After being inronllcd that thi , would re~ult in an 
"F." I recon,idered my !\lance and decided Repuhlican~ weren't 
,0 bad after ;111. 

Had I a greater grasp of principle at that time. I would have 
cho\en the"F' over admilting to be;1 Republican. ow that I' ve 
,ccn the Repuhlican National Convention of 1992. I would have 

cho~en to have hundrcd~ of li ve cocl.ro;lChes ,tuffed down Illy 
throat and my mouth ,ewn ~hllt over admitting to be a Republi-
CII1. lllC Republic:1Il convention wa~ the mo, t homophobic. 
raci,l. ,tomach-lUming evcnt in reccnt hi,tory. WatChing tholl-
;.and, of young to middk-aged white male~ with vapid eye~ and 
empty ,mile' chanting "four more yea,," was more than I could 
take formore than about 30 ~ond,. Thecamera m;mageu to find 
the one or two minoritie~ repre,cnted with repeated clo,e-up,. 
but I'm convinced tho'e were Delllocr;1I ~pie~ planted to o~erve 
the going,-on from within the enemy', camp. 

Mind you. the DeIl1OCr;II~ aren't even a nOlch better. R:llher 
than empty chant" they have ~mpty , logan,. It ·~ a ,ubl le 
difference. but it 11131.C' them ;lIlnoying III an enllrely different 
way. If I have to hear JnOlher word about "our fragile planet:' 
"the population bomb:' "hou,ing now" or "food. not bomb~." 
I'm going to pul.e.lltey·re full of idea,. but h:lven'tthe ,Iightc\t 
du~ how to ~ffectively implement them. I ,uppose a pany with 

~l1le ideology and no practicality i, better than a pany \\ ith no 
ideology and ,ome practicality. but ,hould we be forced to 
choose between them '! 

I think nOl. And that's why you consider ~traying beyond thl! 
bloated megapanies of the American media. As a supposedly 

respon~ible joumalist. let me respond to your objection., one at a 
time with all the diplomacy I can muster. 

Grapllics by AI Spona/GuarlIIan 

because it is the responsibility of every citizen within one of the 
superficially democrJtic aberration" of the political machine. 
ours included. Kccping this in mind. if you don't vOle what your 

con.~ience tells you to. you· re comlp!' Is the empty promise of 
a career politician enough reason to abandon an idcologically 
~uperior candidate'! 

If " ''''1' fO,. SOIllC'OJII' oth('/' "/(II/ a Dl'lIIrI('I'(/t OJ' RrjJIIMiI'ClII. 
r , 'C' 1\'(/SI('t! Illy 1'()fe'. I'm a math major. I often believe it requires 
a math major to under.;tand the va.,t. stupendou" irrelevance of 
one person', vote. Trust me. you-re nOl going to decide the 
election on your own. The purpo.e of voting is not to end up on 
the winning ,ide. TIle pre,ident doe~n't look around after inau-
guration and ~ay "Ah ye,. reward ("ese 40 million people with 
new C;lrs. they voted for me:' The ,ole purpo,e of voting is 

£I'C'II if a thire//larry ('(IIIt/it/a/(' 1t'('/'(' to lI'ill U (,(//lgrC'SSiOIlUI 
.\'('0/. ltc' collldll'I £lI'('(IlIIplislt £llIy(llillg ht'C'lIIISt' CO/lgrc'.u i.~ 
('ollll'oSt'd (l/ll1o.w elllir('/-" I!fRC'I'"Min/lls (/"'/ DC'II/ocnt(.\·. Prob-
ably tllle. However. all anyone talh about these d;IY, is change. 
This is an e;lsy idea to be in f;lvor of. considering the CUITent , tate 

See PARTY, Page 5 

Taking a Second Look at Those .Other Guys 
COMMENTARY: If nothing else, the 1992 campaign will be remembered for establishing the Validity of "out idercandidates" 

By Philip Michaels 
Opinion Ed/cor 

The word "ch;tnge" i, being tossed 
about in this year's election with the 
,a me reckle!oos abandon ;I~ an over-
sized Beach B~ II at a Padres game. 
Every candidate. from would-be may-
or;. tocongre"ional hopefuls. is prom-

i~ing change by the bucketful. Even 
the presidenti;11 candidate~ "re gening 
into the act. Bill Clinton. it seems. 
u.e~ ··change"everyotherword. while 
Ro,~ Perot ha~ based his entire candi-
dacy lIpon it. Not to be outdone. even 
George Bush has sung the virtues of 
change- namely ch~nging the make-
up of Congre!\.~ . 

There's a~imple rea~on why e:lch 
candidate wants to be known as the 
""gent of change" - no one' s dumb 
enough to take credit for the status 
quo. With voter cynicbl11 and anti-
incumbent moods hitting an all-time 
high. "change" has become the man-
trJ of the disenchanted voter. It ·s no 
wonder, then. Ihat longtime political 
insiders haven't wasted a second leap-
ingontothechange bandwagon. Poli-
ticians are smart enough to know 
which way the wind is blowing, 

But cries for change and reform 
have brought about more than just 
pie-in-the-sky promises and lhe usual 
rhetorical nonsense. TIle vOlers. bless 
their heart , are actually exploring 

altemativo::~ to the antiquated two-
panysy,tel11. lfnothingebe. the 1992 
campaign will be remembered for the 
rise of the "outsider" panies. Candi-
dates from the Libenarian. Peace and 
Freedom. and Green pan ie, are fi -
nally gctting their moment in the sun. 

Pan of the credit goes to H. Ro!>S 
Perol and his quixotic camp~ign for 
the presidency. Say what you will 
about his SIISpc!ct motivations for ntn-
ning, Perot has revitalized the politi-
cal process. J u~t look at the recent 
presidenti;ll debates. With Perot join-
ing them on stage. Bush and Clinton 
were forced to -yegods! -address 
the issue. Perot. though he has flaws 
of his own. represents a genuine alter-
native to the emply prattle of Clinton 
and the general ineptitude of Bush . . 

But perhaps the grealest benefit of 
the Perot campaign, besides under-
scoring the limitations of the Repub-
lican and Democrat p.'1nies. has been 
to enhance the viability of the so-
called "third party" candidates. More 
than ever, vOlers are paying attention 
to not only Perot. but the libertarians. 
the Peace and Freedom p3J1y and the 
Greens. Previously ignored. these 
outside p3J1ies are beginning to take 
some of the spotlight away from their 
larger. more powerful competilors. 

TIle fact is that people no longer 
trust change and reform to the Demo-

San Diego 
Parties 
A breakdown 
of San Diego 
County's registered 
voters and their parties 

~~! 
Republican: 
627,617 

Democratic: 
517,551 

Nonpartisan: 
183,768 

American 
Independent: 

29,713 
libertarian: 

9,505 
Peace and ~I 
Freedom: .,8.V 

~~ 
_Green: 6,221 

Mise: , 
1,382 I 

Source: Registrar of Voters. San Diego 
, 

crats ;tnd Republicans. The general 
perception among voters is that these 
panies. having created this condition 
of political gridlock in the tirst place. 
are largely ineffectual when it comes 
to rectifying the situation. As the ar-
chitects of the problem ' facing gov-
ernment. Democrat and Republican 
politicians h~ve the same commit-
ment to change that a whore has to 
celib:lcy. Itdidn·tt!xiWrien. itdocsn't 
exist now . and it isn 't:going 10 magi-
cally appear next Tue..'lday. 

The "third panie~" on the otber 
hand have philosophit!s rooted in 
change. The Libenarian Party. as an 
example, wants to utterly reduce the 
role of government by repealing the 
pt!r5onal income tax. reducing the 
military. abolishing the I RS. end ing 
foreign aid and privitizing education. 
Whil~ there' s no denying that these 
positions are extremely r.ldical and in 
many cases unfeasible. the point is 
that tbe libenarians. as well a.~ Peace 
and Freedom. the Greens and the: 
American IndepcndeOl Party. take 
concrete stands and offer specific s0-
lutions. When the major particsIxmdy 
about slogans and sound bites. the 
strajghtfowardnes.~ of the OIher par-
ties Slrikes a chord with voters. 

An even more encouraging devel-
opment is the rise of independent 
candidales. such as State Senator Lucy 

Killea from San Diego. or Assembly-
man Quentin Kopp of San Fmncisco. 
In theory. indt!pendentc;mdidatescan 
steer clear of the special interests and 
pany bickering thut muck up panisan 
politics. Ralher than confol111ing to 
rigid party platforms. independents 
have more h:ywaytodetinetheirown 
agendas. 

So has thede.llh knell rung fOrlhe 
Democrats and the Republicans? 
Hardly. Both panies are a long way 
from joining the Whig~ and the Fed-
erJlbts in political purgatory. But a 
two party 'tmnglehold on the politi-
cal process is definitely weakening. 
and the winners in this development 
wi ll be the voters. More flames on the 
b.'1l1ot means more ideologies from 
which to choose. Instead ofvOling for 
the"les.,eroftwoevi":· people might 
,oon be! casting vot~s for the candi-
d:ues they (/Cf/wlly believl! in. 

Obviously. Andre Marrou. the 
Libenarian Pany' scandidate forpresi-
dent. has a.~ much chance winning a.~ 
Sinead O'Connor does being named 
pope. The place where any realchange 
is I,!oing 10 corne is al a local level-
in congres.,ional and ~tate legislature 
races. "Change." that oft-mentioned 
panaceaforallthat troubles the United 
States. may finally be getting il~ due. 
but for a little while longer. it's still 
going to be bu.\ines.~ a.\ usual. 

Monday. Octohf'r 26. 1992 

Outsiders on the Ballot 

The Nov. 3 election will feature "third party" 
candidates in the following races: 

United States PresIdent " VIce President 
Andre Marrou/Nancy lord, Libertarian 
Ross Perot/James Stockdale, Independent 
Howard Phillips/Albion Knight. American Inde-
pendent 
Ron Daniels/ Asiba Tupahache, Peace & Free-
dom 

U.S. Senator (Full Tenn) 
Jerome "Jeny" McCready, American Indepen-
dent 
Genevieve Torres, Peace & Freedom 
June R. Genis, Libertarian 

u.s. Senator (Short Tenn) 
Richard B. Boddie, Libertarian 
Paul Meeuwenberg, American Independent 
Gerald Home, Peace & Freedom 

U.S. Representative. 48th District 
Ted lowe, Libertarian 
Donna White, Peace & Freedom 

U.S. Representative, 49th District 
Milton Zaslow, Peace & Freedom 
John Wallner, Libertarian 

U.S. Representative. 50th District 
Roger B. Batchelder, Peace & Freedom 
Barbara Hutchinson, Libertarian 

U.S. Representative, 51st District 
Richard "Dick" L. Roe, Green 
Bill Holmes, Libertarian 
Miriam E. Clark, Peace & Freedom 

U.S. Representative, 52nd District 
Joe Shea, Libertarian 
Dennis P. Gretsinger, Peace & Freedom 

State Senator, 37th DIstrict 
Renate M. Kline, Peace and Freedom 
Craig McElvany, Libertarian 

State Senator, 39th District 
John P. Moody, Libertarian 
lucy Killea, Independent 
Patricia Cofre, Peace & Freedom 

State Assembly, 66th District 
Anne Patrice Wood, Peace & Freedom 
Bill E. Reed, Libertarian 

State Assembly 73rd District 
Paul H. King, Libertarian 
Paul A. Steele, Peace & Freedom 

State Assembly, 74th District 
Shirley Marcoux, Peace & Freedom 
Mark Hunt, Libertarian 

State Assembly, 75th District 
Alfredo R. Felix, Peace & Freedom 
J.C. Anderson, Libertarian 
Daniel Ford Tarr, Green 

State Assembly, 76th District 
Forest H. Worten, Peace & Freedom 
Pat Wright, Libertarian 

State AIIembIy, 77th Dlstrctt 
Jeff Bishop, Libertarian 
R.M. "Monty" Reed Kroopkin, Peace & Freedom 

State AIIembIy, 78th DiItrtct 
Sally Sherry O'Brien, Peace & Freedom 

State A ... mbIy, 79th DIatrIct 
James R. Train, Libertarian 
Edwardo A. Prod-Home, Peace & Freedom 

The U 0 Guurdiull OPINIO 5 

THIRD PARTIES A CLOSER LOOK 
COAWENTARY: Where did the other parties come from and where do they stand on the is ues? 
By Damen Scranton 
Associate Opinion Editor 

Ju t as lhe Republicans and the Demo-
crJt ' aren't the only panies in the American 
political . YSlem, Ross Perot and Admiral 
What's-his-nllJl1e are by no means the sole 
representatives of third panies in this coun-
try. Thefollowing is a closer look atthe four 
major "other" panies in American politic. 
their imponance be!coming greater and 
greater with each passing election. 
The Llbert.nan P..ty 

~ "m,1I '""P or " . ~ 7 IIVl sts In DaVid ~ What began with Nolan's Colorado home in 1971 has be-
come the United States'third-Iargest politi-
cal pany. 

The Libertarians bel ieve that Ihe answer 
to America's political problems is the same 
commitment to freed0fll that earned this 
country its greatness: a free-market 
economy. a dedication to civil liberties and 
personal freedom. and a foreign policy of 
non-intervention, peace and free trade. In 
shon. the Libenarians believe in the people. 

Andre Marrou. who was elected to the 
Alaska stale legislature in 1985 and was the 
Libertarian vice-presidential candidate in 
1988. is the pany's presidential candidate 
in 1992 and his goals typify many of the 
Libenarian solulions to problems in this 
country. If elected. Marrou wants to repeal 
the personal income tax and abolish the 
Internal Revenue Service, expand free en-
terprise. restore gun ownership rights,limit 
congressional term. end all tax-financed 
subsidies, stop hiring federal employees. 
cease foreign aid, privatize education and 
charitize welfare. 

Betwccn the end of the Civil War in 
1865 and the beginning of World War I in 
19 I 4. the United Stales was the freesl. most 
prosperous nation on eanh. Living stan-
dards rose five percent a year and the aver-
age American • s income was six times higher 
at the end of that period than at the begin-
ning. And. except for the Spanish-Ameri-
can war, the country experienced the long-
est period of peace in its brief h iSlory. 

The Libertarians contend that, during 
this time, there was little restriction upon 
personal. economic and anistic freedom. 
There was no income tax, no military dmft. 
liule government regulation of business 
and no prohibition of drugs or alcohol. 
Voluntarily-organ ized and financed schools 

PARTY: The choices 
don't begin or end with 
the two megaparties 
ContInued from ~e 4 
of the union. If change is the wonderful 
saviorwe've made itoutto be, are the tools 
of the megaparties the right people to be 
enacting it? Two hundred years of U.S. 
history and government has never gotten 
smaller from one year to the next. How long 
can the government continue to grow at its 
present rate? I think we would all rather not 
find out, because the prize behind that door 
is called socialism. Are Republicans and 
Democrats. the people with the largest stake 
in an ever-growing government. the ones to 
alter that path? . 

I doll' I II/all/ 10 ,'ote for somtOllt whl) 
might lose. J like (0 will! Okay. you prob-
ably didn', voice this objection in exactly 
those words. but I know some of you are 
unconsciously thinking it. Our spolls-
minded society places a very high premium 
on being on the winning side. even in areas 
where it gains you absolutely nothing (such 
as politics). Don't you dislike admitting 
that you voted for Dukakis after the shel-
lacking he took in I 988? This is, however, 
an incredibly childish reason to vOle for 
sOlT!eone. 

'" c 

and charities made education available for 
all and any type of help available to those 
who needed it. It is only the govcmment and 
itsregulatioosthalstandsbetweentheAmeri-
can people and a society of liberty. prosper-
ity und peace. 
........... P.rt, 

The cornerstone of 
Green philosophy i~ a 
holistic. ecological out-
look which recognizes \..::==:..,J th;lt life is intercon-
nectcd and interuepen-

dent. Greens believe that preserving and 
prOlecting life on BUlh requires ;Incw way 
of thinking. and they are quick to point out 
that the Green Pany rcpresent~ a world-
wide movement .. nu not an Amcric.tn po-
litical pany. 

The entire Green philosophy revolves 
around thl! " 10 Key Value~ :' the 
movement's foundation. They are: 

• el:ological wisdom 
• grassroots democmcy 
• social justice 
• nonviolence 
• dccentrJlization 
• community-based economic,s 
• post-patriarchal values 
• respect for diversity 
• global re ponsibility 
• future focus 
"In the U.S .. we have a winner-take-all 

sYMem," ~aid Roben Anderson. one of the 
canlpaign coordinators forthe NonhCounty 

Coa~t;11 Greens. "In Europe there is much 
more of a proponional representation sys-
tem, and that system is far more democr;lIic 
than our own. In our country. based on a 
minority of votes in most instances. the 
winnertakes all. All of those other ideas and 
perspectives are no longer reprc~cnted . It· s 
all in the hands of the one who walks away 
with the bag of goodies." 

Since the Greens feel that the environ-
ment. politics and society are all intercon-
nected. a major emphasis of the pany is the 
creation of coalitions between environmcn-
tal. peace. justice and women's groups. 
..... P~e .. F~P.rty 

Founded in 1967 
mainly as a result of 
the Vietnam War. the 
Peace and Freedom 
Party's platform is 

much broader Ihan those of any other pany. 
Yes. it is a generalization, but for the most 
pan its platfonn has to do with converting 

Exbem ..... l. not 
IlIi ...... lly bad, though. 
Usually extremists have 
a VfWY cia. .asp on 
what they believe ... 
.. unwilling to 
comprom .... 

the U.S. economy from that of a wanime 
economy to that of a peacetime economy. 

While the pany has no specific figures. 
the geneml consensus is that the U.S. mili-
tary budget shou Id be slashed from any-
where belween 50 and 85 percent. l1le 
Peace and Freedom pany slrongly believes 
in every individual's right to free ;lOd acces-
sible education and health care. As P;llricia 
Cofre. chair of the San Diego coull1Y Cen-
tral COl11mis~ion for the Peace and Freedom 
Pany. ,tatcd. "We are asking for a much 
greater investment in our young people:' 
TIle Peace and Freedom pany was founded 
on the ideal of equal repre~ent;'tion between 
men ;lIld women in posi tions of power. and 
the pany l11andates thut at lea,t 50 percent of 
its leadership position~ be! filled by women. 
llle platfon1l is very exten,i ve when it 
comes to gay and lesbian right, and bsue~ 
pertaining to any unuer-repre.ellled group. 

Presidenlial candidate Ron Daniels is a 
fonnerexecutivedirectorofJe~~Jackson ., 
Rainbow Coalition and deputy campaign 
manager of the civi l rights leader's 1988 
presidential campaign. Danieb advocate~ 
reparat ions for all de~endants of African 
slaves. a "domestic Marshall Plan" to.help 
rebuild inner cities and stronger aflinnative 
action programs. 
..... AmerIcan Independent P.r'y 

111e American In-
dependents were 
formed in 1968 for 
Alabama Governor 
~_~_ ... George Wallace in his 

campaign for presidenl'y against Richard 
Nixon and Huben Humphery. Back then. it 
was largely a state ,. rights party in uefen.e 
of segrcgat ion - a right-wing populi,t party. 
Since the mid-'70s, the party has remained 
rJtherdormanl. However. it b ~t ill the third-
largest political pany in San Diego County. 
Possibly many people see the word "inde-
pendent .... nd believe they are regj~terjng as 
a non-panisan. 

Presidential candidate How .. rd Phillip, 
is the leader of the U.S. Taxpayer.. Pany. a 
political pany which i, not recognized in 
California that proposes to redllce the fed -
eral government dra~tically. Like the Liber-
tarians. the American Independents advo-
cate an end to income taxes and the I.R.S. 
Phillips would also abolish all federal regu-
latory commissions. Social Security taxes. 
pensions for elected officials. financial ,up-
pon for the United Nations and the Public 
Broadcasting System. 

Third parries arC' always composed (If 
wocko e.rll'e'",ists. Extremists. ccnainly. 
Wackos. somelimes. Extremism is nOl in-
herently bad. though. Extremists usually 
havea very clear grasp on whatlhey believe 
and are unwilling to compromise. These are 
not bad qualities - we could use an awful 
lot more of thaI in the U.S. govemment. 
Whether they accelerate use into the abyss 
or rescue this nalion from the brink. at leaM 
somethill!: will happt!n. One of the greatest 
flaws of our govemment is its dullness. At 
least extremists are never boring. 

Libertarian. Socialist. Green. Peace and 
Freedom. American Independent and more 
sprouting up every day - at lea,t take the 
trouble to leam about them. 11le most oft-
heard phrase around election time in my 
lifelime has been "the lesser of two evil,." 
This year. in our grammatically impaired 
culture. the phrase has been "the lesser of 
three evils." and this is equally false. There 
are more than three evils oUlthere - there 
are al least seven or eighl! 

If you research every puny and still 
decide the best possible ideology lies with 
lhe RepUblicans or Democrats. then by all 
means vote for stagnancy. But. if you dis-
cover that there's more out there than pork 
barrel and defense contractors. cast your 
vote v. ith your conscience. That's all any-
one can ~I.. 



Th .. UCSD Guardian Muncluy. D"lulu' ,' 2(,. 11)')2 

DECISION To END ROTC PROGRAM WAS WRONG 
Editor: 

In regard to the anicle "ROTC 
Program Cancelled, Policy Violation 
Cited" (Oct. 15), the action~ of the 
Commillee on Education Policy were 
despicable. and I do not believe they 
fully realize the repercus:.ions of their 
decision, nor do they understand the 

pu~ of the ROTC programs. 
As I undersland it, UCSD encour· 
age~ becoming involved inone'scho· 
~en profe~~ ion before gradu3lion by 
participating in internship~ and tIll: 
I ike. That is what ROTC member~ do. 
By cancelling this progrJm.lhe rights 
of the members are being infringed 
upon. as are the rights of future stu· 
denl~. 

Warren Provo>t David Wong i. 
quoted in t he all icle as ~aying. 'lllere 

i~ no program or cOUl~e at CSD 
remotely resembling ROTC. and that 
diverting Mudenh' effort~ to louch a . 
tivities ha.\ no academic value and 
may unduly prolong Mudent~' time· 
to-degree." Parti cipating in commit· 

tee~ like the UCB, A.S .. or serving a~ 
college senator al 0 diven effons. a~ 
does working during the school year 
to pay for fee ~, booh and living ex-
penses, joining a club. sorority or 
fraternity. or becoming involved in 
anything non·academic. 

It should abo be known to ProvoM 
Wong that the aval Science classes 
that ROTC members parti ipate in 
cannot be applied toward a "program 
of concentralion" or "area study" at 
Warren, they may only transfer as 
unit~ toward one's degree. 

On the UCSD campu~, ROTC i~ 
only a scholar~hip. It is true that the 

~c holar..hip discriminate, againM in· 

dividual on the b:bi~ of \Cxual orien· 
tation. and thaI is against UCSD 
policy. 

Fine. cancel it. Under the same 
policy, we should begin the proceed· 
ing to cancel scholarships awarded 
on the basis of parentage. rJCe. gender 
and disabilitie as they too "operate in 
violation to the pirit and the leller of 
university regulalions." Obviou~ly. 
this i\ out of the que.~tion . The policy 
should be changed to ~t:lte that dis· 
crimination will not be tolerated un · 
less aimed at white. heterose ual 
males. 

Fin.1I1y. a comment on the "00" 
Yacht Club Profe~or Irons proposed 
to move off campu~ becau\C it Wll!> 
gui lty of discrimination by not allow· 
ing homo~exual~ to join. Aillhat can 
be \aId is that Profe\\or Irons ~hould 
have done his rl!!oCarch more care· 
fully. 

The Yacht Club cannot and doe~ 
not di riminate again,t anyonc. It 
follows the ~ame rules and regula· 
tions that govern all dub~ and student 
organization~. It is geared specifi. 
cally toward ROTC memben;, but 
anyone is welcome to join. They are 
no more dh.criminmory Ihan the Ko· 
rean Student As ' iation. the Union 
of Jewish Students or the Lesbian 
Gay Bisexual Aswcimion. allhough 
unless one wa.~ Korean, Jewi~h or 
homosexuallbisexual . th ose clubs 
wouldn't be appealing either. 

I believe 31 this point I ,hould add 
I am not a member of an ROTC 
progmm. I am a student concerned 
with the direction and tone of this 
campus. 

Jennifer Filoteo 

READERS' 

FOHlfM 
The GuattIIan weblmes /etters from its read-
ers. AI/letters must be twed. doc.t!Ie-spaced. 
and no kJtllef t!Ian t1II!!e pages. Letters 
should lllso be S{1Ied inJ contain a phone 
runber. We reserve the tiht to edit for Ier¥/Ih 
and clanly. SUOOllssions may be 5eflr by mail 
or dropped off at the Guardian offICeS on the 
second fIcor of the old Student Center (riOlt 
aboI-e tile General Store Coop and O\'erloOk· 
illS the HlITlp). Send all letters to: 

The Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla. CI\ 92903{)316 

Robinson Should 
Chili About English 
Editor: 

In response to Mall Robitl'iOn's 
"An Election Full of Blather" (Oct. 
22). I would like 10 defend the con· 
lemporary Engli h language. Our 
pre ident ial candidates do nOl "con· 
~istent l y mi use" EngliSh. but only 
follow the rules of use that we have 
gradually adapted over time. 

While it may not be e)(actly the 
language of Shakespeare or Thomas 
Jefferson, commilling such vile acts 
as interchanging "who" and "whom" 
have become the norm among the 

Engli h peukersoftoday. and that' 
ju ·t the way it is, bro, so get with the 
program. 

God didn 'I sit down and like write 
the rules for the Engli 'h language for 

u~ all to follow from then on: English 
grammar is what people use. and if 
Clinton ~ay. that "we have gOl to 
grow the economy." and people think 
they hear English, then that's En· 
gli h. So like chi ll out. take il lighl, 
and be polite chilly home slice. 

YusufSaib 

Give America. a 
Chance to Develop 
Real friendships 
Editor: 

I really enjoyed t~ feature article 
by David Snow. "Strangers in a 
Strange School" (Oct. 12), on the 
experiences of international ~lUdenlS 
attending UCSD. 1t wa~ great to read 
about Helmut Ebinger and his en· 
counters with "throngs of ~miling, 
ultra.friendlyCalifornians:"however. 
I was a lillie concerned about his 
complaints on the difficulty of mix · 
ing wilh Americans. No allempt at 
clarifying or correcling this situation 
was made. 

I have yel toexperience the adven· 
ture of studying in a foreign land, but 
I can understand what these exchange 
tudenls are feeling. This empathy 

arises from time I have spent with 
numerous friends of mine from all 
around the globe. 

These friendships have taughl me 
a lot about both American society and 
theirs. 1l1e differences belween our 

cu ltures can be amazing. but what 
impre~e~ me more b how much we 
have in common. 

Cultural difference~ can make 
friend~hip~ between foreign and 
Americ:1Il ,tudents difficult to get 
slarted. 

For mrn.t people, acquiring new 
friends is hard enough without the 

misunde~tanding~andconfusionthat 
can result from culturJI differences. 
For example. Snow qUOled a few for: 
eign students who wondered about 
the , incerity of the American greeting 
"How's il going?" 

The confu ion over thi~ cu\tom is 
a good illustration of how Americans 
can be llli~lInder~tood by foreign stu· 
dents. lt i~a~lllpidway togreelpeople. 
Even those who have grown up here 
in Ihe United States ,ometimes won· 
der if people are sincere or not 

TIle phra.'>C "How', it going?" has 
become more of a greeting than an 
actual queMion. You are supposed to 
answer "Good!" or "Fine." or what· 
ever else might come to mind, and 
then return the 4ue~tion if the other 
person has nO! gotten out of hearing 
range. 

I would describe it as a ~uperficial 
pleasantry. bul it is not to be misun· 
derstood a a lack of interest in how 
someone is really doing. You just 
have 10 give Americans a chance 10 
really find out how you are doing. 
Helmut EIsinger's observalion about 
people is as true here in the United 
States as il isanywhereelse: ··!t's hard 
to really get to know someone, but 
once you know them. the relationship 
has more depth." 

Darren Su 

A Halloween Treat 
For You 

From Your Friends At 

The Sunshine Store 
• 
VI~it QUI optol1l('try office. deciic.lted to providing your c\ " with the 
p('r~()n .ll attl'n tion till' d!',ervc. 

r --- --------------------------, 
I $30 00 omplete pair oieyegla ses. I 
: 0n:plete contact l en~ package. I 
I • DeSigner sunglasses. : 
I OF F -Offrr r. ires 11/9/92 . coupon must be' I I presented dl lime of order. I 

- One coupon per customer. 
I _ <) other discounls appl . I L _____________________________ ~ 

De~ign' b : Giorgio Armani, Ralph Lauren Polo, Cazal, Christian Dior, 
Bob Mackie, Christian Lacroix, Valentino, Hugo Boss, and man morc. 

Eyes of La Jolla 
PT METRY 

[Jr. ) (frey M<lr" on. Oplom tri I 
At Univer ity Towne Centre (Next to Nordstrom) 

4417 Ld 10llJ Villa!:<, Dm·p. an Dicgo. A 92122 (&19) 597-2020 

Revelle Sundry Store 
October 26th - November 6th 

COLOR REPRINT 
SPECIAL 

3 %" Standard Size 4 X 6 Extra Large 
15¢ ea. 19¢ ea. 

LIes£::] 
It<.lOK~~' (>JJ( 

Bring in you favorite color negatives for 
great quality reprints ... And remember, you 
always get a second set of color prints FREE 
from orioinai color print rolls. 

Mun.III~· . O"luIM'" 26. 1992 Th., UCSD G .. ur, li lln 

UCSD Buddies Help Disabled 
COMMUNITY: Volunteer program enables college 
students to assist developmentally disabled youth 

Both Garcia and Lee agreed that 
Besr Buddies will give UCSD "udenl~ 
a chance to un<:lc:n>tand and Ieam more 

ByRItuSax .... 
Guardian Reporter 

Tucked away in a presligious uni-
vmily. most Sludents rake much of life 
for granled Riding a bus or making a 
telephone call, for instance. are activi-
ties people don't Osually think about. 
NOIeveryone. however. isquiteso lucky. 

Best Buddies of America is a col-
lege·ba.~ volunteerprogr.un do.igned 
to promote special friendships between 
university loIudents and developmen· 
tally disabled per.;ons. 

According 10 Student ProgrJm Co-
ordinator Christina Garcia. Best Bud· 
dies of America was started nat ionally 

BOOK: Yearbook 
may be cancelled 
because of poor sales 
Continued from paCe 1 

GeeemphasizedthaJtheirpubliJiher. 
Yearbook A'ISOCiates, has shown a 
h'fCat deal ofloyalty to the Triton year· 
book. "We 've only broken even once 
in the last fOllryears:'he said. '1lhey' re 
very patient aoo very generous nOl to 
have cut us off:' 

According to Jensen. a new sales 
strJtegyinvolveslL,ingsaJespeoplewl1Q 
will work on a commission basis 10 tty 
:md help sell the yearbook. 

There is no 'ingle explanation for 
the poor sales of the Triton yearbook. 
according 10 yearbook editors. 

Jensen said that one 1"ea.'iOI1 is that 
the Triton yearbook gets :J 101 of cOIn· 

in 1986. and the I 44th chapter has just 
been Iawx:hed at UCSD. 

"I was delighted when the nat ional 
office ilCCepied my applicat ion." Garcia 
said. Garcia said !hut she hopes Best 
Buddies will offer people with mental 
retardation the ch:1JlCe to become more 
involved in the community. 

PersonspaIlicipating inthe progrJm 
are moderately retJrded 14-2 1 year-
olds frotn Clairemont High School. "1 
think thi is an excellent opponunity for 
these students. I've sent profiles to par. 
ents, and the response has been wonder· 
ful." said I.xe Olson. Clairemont High 
School's Education Coordinator. 

petition from the Muir yearbook. 
'11lere's nOl a 101 of sales 10 Muir 
MudenlS," ~he said. 

AnOlher problem is lack of staff. 
"We've hud problems in lhe pastcouple 
of years even gening a staff:' said 
Jensen. 

Gee said that the l6-member~taffis 
"notalurgeenough pool to work from" 
and thaI, above all , more photogm· 
pher.; are needed. 

Lack of intere:,t seems to be the 
biggest problem. "People care about 
their own Sluff." said Jensen. '1lhey're 
nOl interested I in extrJCurriclilar ac· 
tivitiesl. It's an apathetic camplL~." 

Gee echoed Jensen's as.<;cssment. 
"Geuing the word out is difficult; lell· 
ing people, 'Hey. there ;,~ a yearbook.' 
People are tOO wrapped up in academ· 
ics," he said. 

Gee cited UCSD dubs ,l~ an ex-

about mental retardut ion. 
"For Slarters. I'm expecting a smull 

group of about 10-15 because it 's hard 
to find commilled responsible people." 
Garcia said. 

According to Garcia. the national 
off tee has yet to provide funding, but 

~he is noI discouragt,"d. "So far. I've had 
to spend money out of my own pocket 
- but the national office will reimbllr.-.e 
me: ' :.he said 

B Cl>1 Buddies hopes to enhance sa-
cial and recreational lives of all people 
involved. Persons interesledshouldcon· 
tact the Volunteer Connection at :'i~. 
1414. 

ample. Out of about I OOclubs last year. 
only a handful agreed to be phOlo-
graphed. "We corne out at a time of 
convenience for theiR take the phOlo 
and - bam! llll:y're in the yearbook. 
[n ... sense. it's fn.'C publicity for their 
club, but if they W;Ultto pas.~ it up. we 
can't twist their ;lIm:' he said. 

One of the biggest critit-isms lhe 
yearbook ha., receivetl. Jensen ~id. i, 
thm it isn't big enough. "People ~\y. 
. My junior high yearbooJ.. wa" bi~er 
than that .. · 

Accanling to Gt:e. the yearbook 
SlUff is in a ··C:uch-2:2:· "We can'l 
make a benerbook without more ~"cs. 
but people won't buy the book becau..-;e 
it docsn 'tlook big enough." 

Gee defended the merit of tIl\! year-
book,saying. "People just need to come 
and look at it for themsel ves and get the 
word out." 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitifie~ Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• 10% UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

·Wllh UCSD 10. bpim 11/2W92. 

RB RICHARD E.BARSAN. DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459-5565 470 Nautilus Street , Suite 212. La Jolla 
Working around 
the clock tonight? 
Discover Kinko's. 
For most of us, there just aren't 
enough hours in a 9 to 5 day to get 
some of our important projects 
done on time. And that's why we're 
open 24 hours. Every day. So no J 
matler when you need a helping ~ 
hand and a friendly face, you'll 
fmd them at Kinko's. 

457·3775 
La Jolla 

8849 Villa La loUa Dr, 
483·1852 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet A~e 

10 Lotflliolu ill SIIII Dkgo CormJ]! Ia3J == 

I 

EWS .. 

~nllnfINfJ f~(). 
UeSD 
MIGH' 
Wednesday 

Nights 

$' I~:t_. 
PILSNERS 

,0 ,\O~ 
.. ... ddt"'-.. .~O ""~. 

·. 1 • .' : 
. ... \., 

U 

~~~I 

... ----.... ·"The best fish and sandwich place in La Jo//a" 
Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
II am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21 /w student 10 

7536 FAY AVE ... CALL 456·BREW 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
11&1. Suf. Spin 

Complete 
Extended Soft Lenses 
11&1. 1114 

$159 $179 
Complete 

Daily gas penn. hard Baby blue, hazel & 
Par3pcnn O~ emerald. green 

CLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Claircmont Mc~a Blvd. 

An authOrized FUJI & Ratelgh deater. 

• Prof ••• lo .. al S.rvlce 
• Qu.llty Eyec.re 
• A ••• o .. abl. Price. 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
:19:18 Adam, Ave. 

ucsd 
BIKE 
SHOP 

• BICYCLE S!~ 
All '92 Models MUST , 

150/0 OfF. 
ALL ACCESSORIIS 

10% O:lb Bike purcbase 

at the cold' I 8e . brs wen? $3995 IIOW $29.95 
Bladlbollom Ly,ra Tlg is tron' 39.91 

SUMGU" 
ouu,IYaUDE 

Located in the Student Center 
Open 10 to 5 Monday thru Friday • 534-4279 



8 NF.W~ Tht' UC 0 Guardian MUI .. la~ _ Octul14' I' 26. 19')"1 

THE SCIENCE PAGE 

Unlocking Alzheimer's 
Scientist's Work May. Make Alzheimer"s Family Center Obsolete 

During a music therapy session, Alzheimer's Family Center Counselor Rose Lachance 
tosses a balloon to a patient_ Such sessions are part of the dally regimen of ac:tJvIty. 

o 
A beta-proteln 
precursor rests 
lOdged in a cell . 

9 
A fir5t enzyme cuts the .......:::::=:::::::~ 
precursor. leaving a 
section In the cell. 

Normal 

e 
In patients without 
Alzheimer's, a 
second enzyme 
clips the pro tein. 

~ ~~Q A th ird enzyme cuts 
'" P""'" f",~". ~ 

Senile plaque 

The Cause 
Lack of an enzyme 
leads to the synthesis 
of a compound that 
de stroys cognit ive 
function In Alzheimer'S 
patients: 

o 
The absence of a second 
enzyme In an Alzheimer's 
patient leaves the protein 
Intact at this stage. 

() 
When a third enzyme cuts 
the protein. a large. fibrous 
molecu le is left. This 
molecule slashes at brain 
cells and blood vessels, and 
is immune to fu rther 
degradation by enzymes. 

Death 
ofa 
brain cell 
In Alzheimer's 
patients, amyloid 
fibers destroy 
neurons by breaking 
apart helical fibers . 

Grapl\iC$ bV Rene II1uckner/ GuardlBn 

' BY ERIC SCHMIDT. SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

ven in the supportive environment of The 
George Glenner Alzheimer's Family Cen-
ter, the mental scars of Alzheimer's disease 
leave an obvious mark, 

At the center, adults afflicted with the cognitive 
di ea e fill their day with physical activity and music 
to remain active. But the center cannot control all of 
the disease's effects. 

Outside the center, a family trie to give an 80-
year-old man a ride home. Apparently not recogniz-
ing his own family, the man cries out in protest until 
Center Manager Karen Romascan reassures him. 

Romascan said she feels the center provides a 
necessary service to those with the disease. but 
"maybe in 10 or 12 years. we won't ~Ihis 
center." I 

The helples.< ness of foonerly SITOIlg and able 
Alzheimer's victims may soon become an histori-
cal tragedy thanks to a potential preventive cure 
being developed by UCSD Pathologist Dr. George 
Glenner. Romascan said 

Glenner. who co-founded the G1enner center. 
isolated the enzyme thal hesayscausesAlzheimer's 
earlier this month. The biological catalyst cleaves 
a protein in the bruin, leaving a fragmented fiber 
that cuts up blood vessels and 
brain cells, causing hemor-
maging and destroying neu-
rons. 

The enzyme and its rela-
tion to Alzheimer' s had been 
known for many years. but 
the real breakthrough was 
Glenner's wOlt-upofthe en-
zyme 10 100 percent purity. 

affected by Alzheimer's. three enzymesc\eave the 
precuniOr_ including the one blamed for causing 
Alzheimer's. 

The first enzyme breaks the long precursor aI 
the point where it is lodged in a cell. A second 
enzyme cleaves the precursor again. leaving the 
free-floating beta-protein. A third enzyme breaks 
that prorein into a smaller piece. 

In an Alzheimer" s patient. the second enzyme 
is not present. according to G\ermer. The third 
enzyme, the "Alzheimer's enzyme," splits the 
precuniOr into silk-like "amyloid" fiber.; which 
damage blood vessel walls. The cutting fibers also 

Jl!5On Rltchle/GuMlian 

aI low plasma to leak into 
neurons,essentiallydeslroy-
ing them. 

Enzymes cannot fuJ1hcr 
digest the protein once it has 
been cut into the damaging 
fibers. which. "like cancer. 
displace and destroy tissue:' 
G 1enner said. 

Now that the pure en-
zyme is readily available, re-
searcher.> can develop n1eth-
ods to combat the molecule 
in the body. According to 
Glenner. the most promising 
preventive cure would in-
volve the use of an enzyme 
inhibitor,acompound which 
would block the cleaving ef-
fect of the Alzheimer's en-
zyme. 

Before the enzyme 1100 
been purified. any work on 
an inhibitor would have been 
wa ted. since researchers 
would be uncenain whether 
the inhibitor wa~ acting on 
the enzyme and not an impu-
Iity. Glenner said 

UThe famille. of 
[those with 
Alzheimer's] can 
become financial, 
emotional and social 

An inhibitor would Slop 
the Alzheimer' enzyme 
from breaking the pmeininlo 
fibers. "If we can prevennhe 
enzyme from dipping, [the 
precursor] will continue 10 
flOOl around. a nd there is a 
chance of other enzymes 
chewing it up, ··Glennersaid. 

Other possible cures. in-
cluding the creation in the 
body of the second enzyme. 
are less likely to be success-
ful_ according to Glenner. 
Crealion of the second en-
zyme would be more diffi-
cult and could have serious 
side effecl~. he said 

outcast. - they're 
really excluded from 
the community and 
other people." Developmenl of an in-

hibitor could take several 
years. and an evenrual inhibi-

The enzyme has only re-
cently been purified. but sci-
entists have known about the 
enzyme and the beta-protein 

-Dr ....... 81.... pretW'SOfformanyyears.ln 
tor could fail. "We mig'- fmd that no inhibitor is 
going 10 nail IAlzheimer-s1." G1enner said. 

However. Glenner said he believes the inhibi-
tor is the most promi ing route 10 an eventual cure. 
Because any inhibitor will be specialized to fit the 
Alzheimer's enzyme. it has virtually no chance of 
prcx:Iucing unforeseen ide effects. 

The potential preventive cure is still years 
away, though. Glennerestimatcs a product may be 
available in five years following development and 
testing. 

The enzyme isolated by Glemer apparently 
has only one purpose in the body: to cleave a 
peeific .. beta-protein precun;or:' In people 11()( 

1984. Glenner "found a pro-
teinncverbeforedcscribed-thebeta-protein.··he 
said. 

The amyloid fibers were associated with 
Alzheimer-s. and laterthe enzyme was discovered. 

Glenner has devOlCd his life, both professional 
and private. to the fig'- against Alzheimer's dis-
ease. He has been a tireless OOVOC:ie for dnie 
affected by the disease. Romascan said 

Tenyearsago, Glennerandhis wifeJoy founded 
the non-profit Alzheimer's Family Cenacr in 
Hillcrest. the fiN of il~ kind in the United States. 
The center, creared to lake the burden off of 

famili~ of Alzheimer's victims. wa~ later ex-
See ALZHEIMER'S, Page 9 

Monday. 04·tolwr 26, 1992 

"We hope he wins 
the Nobel PrIze, 
because we think he 
has the answer. " 

-Karen Romascan 

AI.ZHEIMER"S: 
Scientist's work may 
end need for centers 
Continued from page 8 
panded to include two OIher centen. in 
the San Diego area and soon became a 
model center for the countJy. 

About 22 people with Alzheimer's 
anive at the Hillcrest center everyooy to 
participafeinactivities. Meanwhile. fam-
ily member.; of the Alzheimer's pa-
tients have the time to lead their own 
lives. 

According to Glenner. the need for 
such a center is clear. '111e families of 
[tOOse with Aizheimer's] can become 
financial. emOlional and social outcasts 
- they' rereaJlye~c1uded from thecom-
munity and other people:' he said. 

The center provides SUppoll grou ps 
and trained counselors for the 
Alzheimer's families. The fee for day-
care is $40 per day, with a sliding scale 
of scho\ar.;hips for those in need. 

Romascan. who woOO; full-time in 
the Hillcrest center. said that until a cure 
is found. day<are is a necessity for 
many. "lust because someone has 
Aizheimer'sdoesn't mean they lose the 
ability to experience love and joy and 
the ability to laugh." she said. 

Center employees, who each take 
care offourpatients, provide a variety of 
activities for them. Most of the events 
aim at large mOlor skill rather than 
detailed work, since Alzheimer's pa-
tients lose the ability to use fine motor 
skills_ Roma.c .. can said 

"A good sideeffect of this [exercise] 
is they sleep well, eat well, and their 
speech is bener," Romascan said. With 
their families. she added, it is often 
difficult for Alzheimer's victims to find 
mOlivation to e~ercise. 

The cenler also uses the skills of a 
music therapist for sing-a longs. Other 
daily activities include news talks and 
discussion groups. 

The center is involved in more than 
primary care for patients and counsel-
ing for families. Joy Glenner is cur-
rently wOlting on a training program 
with a Department of Labor grant to 
teach unemployed people to work with 
Alzheimer's patients. 

Roma.scan said the center worked 
well forthose withAW1eimer's, but she 
evinced hope that Glenner's wOlt with 
the enzyme would lead to a elm!. "We 
hope he wins the Nobel Prize. because 
we think he has the answer," he said 

READ 
RECYCLE IT. 

Till' UC~O Gllunlian E\\,S 4) 

..--__ ~::'~n. UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET CONTACT LENSES 1 HOUR SERVICE (IN MOST CASES) 

_ F~~~ro.~~~~~Y* - SOFT DAILY WEAR - , I" SOFT EXTENDED WEAR $89 COMPLETE* : : $1 09 COMPLETE* • $20 min imum purchase · wiLhin 5 mile radlu ur tampus 
E>.p.1I ...... 2 
Not valid W1lh 
anT other olI'er. 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store \\;th your UCSD ID 

L With coupon only. Expires 11 /9192 
--------NO EXTRA 'Complele package Includes eye exam. III lIng. follow ... p. care 

CHARG ES' idl. 1 pair of sofll ense5 for nearslghledness (Call for brands al • Ih<!s. prices). 
---------455 5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center ; 

• Prompt dehvery. 7 days a \\ eek. Open dully 8 (\ 111· pm 3 MONTH $169 COMPLETE 
/, .~ / ~ 

DISPOSABLE PACKAGE Complele package Indudes eye exam. filling. 
follow.;Jp. :HnOnih supply of conlacls (Acuvue or Nuvue) ~O~6 C L C :'T~ IY a. []py ~o+ $249 COMPLETE 1 FULL YEAR 
DISPOSABLE PACKAGE 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VEI.O & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

r: -_ ;;~$SPo'1T 7 
I (/:IIIOroS I 
: tf' 5~5 

j 

Complele package Includes eye exam. IIIUng. 
follow..,p. l.ytar supply of conlacls (U & L Mednllsl) 

---

UCSD LA MESA ESCONDIDO 
MIRAMAR EL CAJON SAN MARCOS 

578·6796 668·4536 432·6331 
6780 Miramar Rd . 2860 Fletcher Parkway 132O-D E. Valley Pkwy. 

2 ml. east of 805 I ml. east of Palomar Hospital Corner of Flelcher & Navajo I (behind Carl's Jr.) (Vons/Marshall"s Center) (Trafatger Square) 
5 min. Irom UCSD 3211 Holiday Ct. ("e.\·l to Domillo 's Pizza) • 452-9949 

M-F 8 :30-6 p m. hp 11 2& , 92 Optometrists: Dr, BNee FAIMTZIS and Dr. Nick SELBY SAT . 10-1 WIth ucso to 

Friday, 
October 30 
11-:30 am -
12:30 pm 
Price Center, first floor, 
in front of the UCSD 
Bookstore. Put on a funny 
face - or a scary face -
and come down for the 
chance to win! 

... -
, .... 

First 150 to partiCipate get FREE 
Halloween treat. 

NNIEST 
OSTUME 

EN 

~ 
1 st place· Toshiba vcr 
2nd place· Bushnell binocu-
lars 
SCARIEST 
COSTUME 

AI 
~ 

1st place· Sony Watchman 
2nd place· GE telephonel 
clock radio 
MOST ORIGINAL ~ 
COSTUME !~ 
1st place - Sony 13' tv 
2nd place· Vivitar 35mm 
camera 

GROUP CATEGORY 
prize - $25 UCSD Bookstore 
gift certificates (limit 5) 



JO T he UCSD Cuardian 

/ 

Monday Octob4"r 26, 1992 

err T.A.s, R.A.s, & Associates 
If you are a swdenr employee at UCSD, the A.s.E. is your union 

A.S.E. GENERAL 
MEMBERSHIP MEETING 

Monday Oct. 26, 5:30-6:30 
Revelle Formal Lounge 

Free Food! (served 5-5:30) 
"I, 

TOPICS: GUEST SPEAKERS: 
• Berkeley and Santa Cruz strike votes 
• Possible upcoming job actions at UCSD 
• General election of A.S.E. officers 

• Maryanne Massenberg, 
Dist.65/u.A.W. 

• Patrick Carroll, 
G.S.A. President J 

'------------------------/./ ,'-----------------~/ 
REVELLE PLAZA N 

I L ~ A HAll ~S [Q] 
REVELLE I~~cr I FORMAL -~ a FOUNTAIN LOUNGE I ............ 

~~~RADUATE 

A SSOCIATION OF STUDENT EMPLOYEES, D ISTRICT 6S/ UAW · 458-1303 

ACHEIVEMENTS 
REMEMBERED 
Forroer with ArtCarved 
Finest Quality . Fastest Delivery 

Lifetime Warran ty • Best O vemll Value 

SAVE UP TO $100.00 

Get personalized service when you order your 
ring from an ArtCarved rep. AnCarved will be 

showing rings at the UCSD Bookstore: 
October 27 .. 30, to J p.m. 

Monday, Ol"tolwr 26, 1992 Tht, UC D GIIIJnlian 

H20 POLO: 
4ger Invitational 
Continued from pale 16 
Beach State left the Tritoru. weary for 
lheir second-round march against top-
r.tnkedCai. as UCSDfeli 134. "I pulled 
lhe plug pretty quickly in thai game." 
H:uper said. 'We had a 101 of guy ick 
or banged up. so we played lhe subs 
most of tile way:' Harper added. 

Women's Volleyball 
Comes Dose in Tourney 
wt\SI..-roN lOURNAMENI': Patience pays off 
for yOlUlg team as Tritons take second place 

FoUowinga nighl's rest. the Tritons 
played another sensational game. dr0p-
ping a tighl malch toPepperdine. 9-8. "It 
was really exciting. a one-goal contest 
the whole game," Harpersaid 'WithS2 
seconds left.. we were a goal down and 
a man short. yet we played some stellar 
defense and almost sem it to ovenime," 
Harper staled. 

The Tritons played one game too 
many over the weekend. falling to 
UCLAonSundayaftemoon. 12-6. "We 
were just spent" Harper said. "We 
outshOl them by [a 2-1 marginl but we 
had a poor-shooting game: ' 

Harper was quick to praise his 
charges. saying "Mike Nalu and Kevin 
Vance played just great, and IMichael) 
Warren was excellent." 

'This group can be something spe-
cial. We can do some damage and win 
some games against the big teams," 
Harper staled. 

BRONCOS: 
Super Blowouts 
ContInued from page 16 

Super Bowl XXIl - San Diego. 
California. Washington 42, Denver 10. 
Guided by Doug Williams,theRedskins 
scored 3S points in the second quarter. 

SuperBowlXXlV -New Orlean 
San FranciscoSS. Denver 10. Lowlight: 
Jerry Rice playing pinball through the 
porous Bronco secondary to score TO. 

CombinedSuperBowlappear.mces: 
Opponents 163, Denver SO. Yes, it's 
true that the Chargers have never won it 
all. but neither have the Broncos. Wilh 
that closing salvo, the prosecution re~1S. 

By Julie Shennan 
Staff Writer 

Time, consistency 
and patience were 
the words heard 
week after week 
from wonlen 'svol-
leyball HeadCooch 

Doug Dannevik. Hi young team has 
struggled to fill the shoes of a team 
which has won the national champion-
ships or been runner-up in nine of the 
last 10 seasons. 

Forthe 14th·rankedTritons,9-ISon 
the year, the season i~ finally pulling 
together. 

Consistent inten. ity combined with 
improving talent helped them emerge 
from this weekend's Washington Uni-
versity National Volleyball Invitational 
in second place. Their only loss W.IS lo 
top-mnked host Washington Univer-
sity of Sl Louis 15-10. 15- 10. IS-12, in 
u rematch of lhe last two NCAA Divi-
sion JJ] fmals. 

The second place finish is a huge 
psychological victory for the Tritons, 
who have had trouble keeping up their 
mental concentration and consisrency 
for much of the season. 

The fact that most of the team con-
sists of freshmen and sophomores with 
Linle collegia/e playing experience is a 
key reason. 

Junior UIura Kranz and sophomore 
JuLie Harvey, the Tritons' two leading 
hiners, were both named to the seven-
member All-Tournament team. 

The Tritons went into the tourna-
ment with a tough SIring of losses thai 
began Oct. 9 againSl Westmont Col-
lege, leaving lheir record 6-14 overall. 
64 in Division ill play. 

The Wa hington Invitational 

........ II Mar 24 .... .., 2 
..... III July 6-&u .... 13 

seemedtobetheultimatetestofwhether 
ornOl the Tritonscould be contenders in 
Division m again this season. They 
showed that lhey are still able to play 
and win among the best teams in the 
nation even with their lack of experi-
ence. 

Thetoumament pi"ed eight talented 
Division ill teams in threepoolma/ches. 
plus one final game in a Ch:Ullpion~hip 
crossover bracket. 

In the lirst g3l11e on Friday. U SD 
played Fontbonne (MO) College and 
won 15-6. 15-6. 15-L I. Kranz began her 
dominatingplaybypoundingeightkills. 
with H,uvey connibuling six. 

The TrilOrL~ Imer defeated Jllinoi, 
Benedictine College 13· 15. 15-12. 15· 
8. IS-9. Kranz and Harvey again led lhe 
Tritons with 13 and 10 kills, respec-
tively. 

Saturday. UCSD had to beat 10th· 
mnkedColiegeofSt. Benedict (MN) to 
make it to the championship ganlC that 
night. The Tritons continued lheir win-
ning ~ holding on for a I S-5. IS-8. 
9-15. IS·9 victory. Kranz had II kills 
and SOphonlOre middle blocker Jenni-
fer Crosscamethrough unhenet to add 
eight of her own. 

Fmally, in front of a noisy Washing-
ton University home crowd, the Tritons 
played forthechampionship. Only team 
captain Elizabeth Banez had seen the 
fmal before. 

Once again, Kmnz led the team wilh 
14 kills. with Harvey driUing 10. 

Forthe Tritons, second place would 
seem like a disappointtnent in any other 
year. But thi season, after so many 
tough breaks handed to the Tritons. it 
could serve :L~ a waming to OIher tcanlS 
corne playoff time. They may be there 
after all. 

THIS lUMMI" YOU CAN ••• 
........ ever 1,000 I •• ' ... 
. ....., ................ ......,. 
• u.. ...... y .. ae, ..... .. 
_ .100,., ................ . 

Make the NYU Swnmer :N;;y~-~- ----------ii-ii--... i."" 
part 0/ your )W"~ plan. : :'~FOIIIh SInd 
Call us loday loll ~ at "-y .... NY 10012 1-800-22S4NYU, '''''' .... . . 

Please send me a fREE I 
ext. 231, My Mt1 oIlnteresr ~ ~ 
or tend In the coupon. 0 t.aIerpIuaIt 0 CnduMe 

OpeaHo.e 
JinuIry 8, 1993 

10 un. 
l«b S4udenI Center 
566 La GuardIa Place 

RegIItrIIIon bepIs.lanulry 8 

-

-
(IT( 

:;,....-L'----
II" 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

• 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 

SPOHTS II 

SCIENCE AND TECHNICAL 
JOB FAIR 

Over 50 employers seeking science, 
math, engineering, computer science, and 

cognitive science majors. 
BRING YOUR RESUME! 

OCTOBER 29,10:30 AM - 2 PM 
PRICE CENTER BALLROOM 

Sponsored by Career Services 

FREE 
DOlEN 

:Jlowers d! 9ijis 
Co ta Verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave. 

CARNATIONS 
San Diego. CA 92122 
558-6666 

.... tlh JKU'lhl","ut I(J or Illlifl 
\,14\.J"" .... .,h .. m tlltx'fll#Jl't 
f \ p I I",Hl • '11'. DtU •• r World Wide" 

PHYSICIIn 
MATHEMATICIANS 

COMPUTER SCIENTISTS 
00 you haft a PhD, a Huter'. or IYES I 
IachelOl". decree? 
II your cIecree in Mathematics, Physk l , El 
Compu_ Science or in EIecvtul YES 
Enlin...,ri", with emphul. in lI ... at 
proc ... in,! 

IVe you a u.s. citizen! 

If you answered YES to all of the above question s. read on' 
XonTech is a highly respecled. progressive R&D firm speciali.l· 
ing in the empirical analysis of complex physical phenomena. 
and developmenl of advanced concepts and tech nologies in sup-
port of numerous defense programs. Our research encompa~ses 
the following: 

Research, de.~loptllent and e.a1uatiOlt of . d.aneed r.d.r and 
wUJIOIIs systems: 

• Signal Processing • Syslem Simulation 
• Performance Analysis • System Design 
• Signature Analysi • Threat Anulysis 

Analysis and e.aluation of night test data (aircraft , ballistic mis-
sile, satellite) including: 

• Trajectory Reconstruclion • Navigation Analysis 
• Re·entry/Aerodynamics • Orhital Mechanics 

Our work is technically challenging and otTers ex.ceptional vis-
ibility and direcl client contact. There are excellcnt opportu-
nities for tcchnical and management advancement. 

All applicants selected will be subject to a security 
in.estip tion . nd must meet eligibility requirement for 
aceess to classified malerial. 

XonTech will be attending the 
Career Fair from 10:30 AM - 2 PM 

Wedne day. October 28 
Price Center Ballroom 

Qualified professionals are invited to submit cover letter and 
resume in confidence to: Corponlte Human Resources Dfpt., 6862 
HaynllhuNiI AYe., V.n Nays. CA 91406. We are an equal opportu-
nity employer M/F/D/v. 

~ XonTech, Inc. 
"~ople, Scit'nce and Techllology" 

Nort_ .. " Sooollle", C.lifo .. ;. 
W.shi."000 D.C. • Hnl.yjt~, AIIb . ... . Col ..... do 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 

• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ••• 



.,. 

12 CL,\SSIFIEOS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SKYDIVE TODAVI wiIh SIIydiYing ADVEN· 
TURES. Inc. $20 student discount. 800· 
526-9682. (1015-1213) 

RAZA AWARENESS WEEK oa. 26-30. Day 
0I1he Dead Skull sale Revelle Plaza Monday 
noon and AJIar !XlnSlrudion WOIkshop$ lJ. 
br.Ity Lounge Tueeday 4-7 p.m. 8ting phoa. 
1Iowets. food oIIefIngs. (10126) 

Plan MuirGradulltlOO"931 CommiUee meets 
soonl Contact Amy. Muir Dean's Office. 
534·3587. Act nowl (10126) 

CHINESE STUDENT .ASSOCIA T10N General 
Meero: ThIs Wed. 1G'2S 7 pm. aI YOIII2622. GIve 
us IeecIlad< on pa5I 1MIrG. Ind o.A aIxiU Noll. 
acJ\1II9S nI help us., lor Mwa~. (1M!6) 
ICRHA meets this Wednesday 5 p.m. In the 
Oceanview Lounge. See you therel (1 0126) 
DANCEI Ballroom Danoe Club's Halloween 
Dance. FREEl Monday 7 p.m .g p.m. Pnca 
Cen1er Ballroom Costumes optJOnaI. (10126) 

These 
advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 
Falrmai(s ..................... 222'()220 
La Sandale .................. .488·1134 

UCSDEATS 
BJ's Pizza ................... .455·0662 
Cafe Zero ..................... 457 -4365 
Mr. fs Cafe ................. 755·7642 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453·0286 
Senor Pesca ................ 457·0597 

UCSDAUTO 
C & 0 Aul0 ................... 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ........ .. ... 695·1 990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's ........................... 450·9494 
Cosla Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSD HAIR • BEAm 
We Care Hair .......... ..... 587·CUn 
Young Attlludes ........... .457·3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560'()325 
UCSD HEALTH I FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ......... 534-4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483·9294 
Family Planning ..... .. .... 535-1379 
Trim & Tan ............... ...... 455.()909 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. RiChard Sarsan. DDS .459·5565 
Dr. Sanford. DDS ......... 477-4945 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ................. 452·7374 

~yes of La Jolla .............. 597·2020 
Dr. John McDonald ........ 279-5858 
Sears Optical ................. 455·5795 
Vision Care .................... 578-6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC. VIDEO 
Music Trader ................ 693· 1469 
Video Gailery ............... 452· 1766 
UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyper1eaming ............. ..455·1000 
MCAT Review .............. 456-4848 
Princaton Review ......... 695·9952 
UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 452·BREW 
Old Columbia Brewery . 234 ·BREW 
Del Mar Stuft Pizza ...... 481 ·STUFT 
Torrey's .................... .... 587· 1414 
UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ...................... 452·9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226· 1733 
Kinkos .......................... 457·3775 
Name of tI1e Game (Comics) 274·GAME 
SOCiety Billiard Cafe ..... 272· POOL 
SI. Germain's ............... 455· 1414 
Zebra Copy .................. 457· 1007 

Th .. UCSO Guar.lian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold ill 15-word illCremenls. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal lise only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment ill 
adval/ce is required; therefore, ads mllst be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSDGuardian) or presemed in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. T/mrsdayfor Monday's 
issue, and 3 p.m. MOl/day for Thursday's issue. The Guardian resen'es the right to refuse 
allY advertising inclllding but 110t limited to companionship ads. For more in/ormation 
coll534-54 16. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Atfl1: Classifieds,9500Gilmall Dri,'e, 
03 J 6, LA Jolla, CA 92093-0316. AChUJI address: Student Cellter A, top floo/: 

" you roe your blllerunngdarilness. you need 
a light. The UCSD POII08 Department en· 
100ees bK:yde laws. ThIS IS no Iongef a simple 
"fix·H· tid<el. A S10 admInlStralMllee WIIIle 
charged. PICk up your free CXlpy 01 bicyde and 
SkatebOard ruies and regutabonS at the UCSD 
Police Department or Transportation AIIema· 
IIV8S 011108. ( 10126-H)/29) 
Third College peer adivsors needed for 
student orientalion Apply: Third College 
AdvisIng. TCAB 120. 11 /&92. (10126-1112) 

EMPLOYMENT 
SlMER ~ INTERNSHIPS. IAo&I 

~ lied I7t NaY. Gain val exp. ~ &a 
~. 0JSI0InGI1>.1m ~Ayg. earriroS 
6-16.000+. Cal 'IJnwr9ty ~ Pros.' klIo'aRi 
Cal (D}525-5677. (!v.!1· 1 2fJ) 

EARN S1,500 WEEKLV maili ng our 
Clrcutars!.. Begin NOWI FREE packetl 
SEYS. Dept. 19. Box 400. Cordova . TN 
38018-4000. (9121· 1112) 

Earn S5OO-S I OOOweel\ly stuffing envelopes. 
For details - RUSH $ I w,th SASE to. 
GROUP FIVE. 57 Greentree Onve. Su"e 
307. Dover. DE 19901. (1 018·1 "19) 
PAID MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIP. Gain 
marketing . sales. customer service . 
prodoctiOll. accounting and human relalions 
experience from the largest CXJrpOration In 
lhe industry with the longest proven track 
record . We guaranlee S2.500 In 
compensalion with vast opportuMy for more. 
Call Student Works Painling (formerly 
Student Palnters). I ·800·394·6000. Limited 
posiIlOIlS availabkt. (10/12,218193) 

INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYMENT. Make 
money leaching English abroad. Japan and 
T aMn Room & board pnMded. Mal<eS2,OOO-
$4,000. per month. FII13IldaJIy & cultural'( 
rewardngl For8lTl)loymenl programcall : (206) 
632·1146 ext. J5976. (10122·1112) 
RECEPTIONIST - 5.5016.50. all shifts avail. 
PTor FT. If you have any ofe. skills. we need 
youll Phones. filing. and customer service. 
268·2201 . TheTemporaryConnection. Wel l 
worIt around your SChedulel (10126-10129) 
TELEMARKETING - 5.50lhr. No utesl 
No expo Eve. wort< in UTC area. can 268· 
2201. personnel servICeS. (10126-10129) 
PT DATA ENTRY - 6.5OI1v. Payrol Depl for 
Miramar oonst co. needs ro1. M·W·F. 7·4 
P m. E.xperience nee .. permanent poll. 268· 
2201. personnel services. (10126-10129) 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

How mu h mone}, and eOo n have ),ou bJ1Cnt on )"ur edllcation so far? H ow 
mJny thoubJnds of huurs? And now 

kills . I n dddilion to the e tests, we work through 1\1 AT 
pas agc every time the das meets. othing you encounter 

on the I Tshould be a surprise. 
you IlJVC 10 take the ~tCAT . I ~ 
Iherc sUlh .Ithinv;." uvcrloll in 
.1 siruJtion like d"b? 

Ilyperieuning" fc" 
Ihe nlO.,t inlt:nsivc 

~ I CAr prep.lfd 
tlOl1l~Ol1 r-.c Jv.lil -
.I hle . \ c wnrk 
luru III fluke ,"rc 
you g d I he 1Il0,t tor 
.mur u"ll.!r. ' l1,c nl<"l hr'u~. 
tht Illn"! t l1lu ti\o.Hing rl1vin)n -
mcnt. tht' mo l,,{ current Iluten .ll, ,lnd 
the mo,t lJu .lldicd il1'tnl(lor •• lv.IIIJbl.,. 

The longest mosl complrle. dnd mosl inlensive MCAT (ourse dvailable 

Rigorous wnting sample work 
You'll write fourteen haLf- hour essays. 'Nhile this 

program typically improves s orcs dramatical-
ly, some students need mnre help. \~e've 

designed one-on- one writing sessions (live 
week ea h) for student who t ill have 

cnncem~ .Ibout thi important subscore . 

Help with the ap~iution procfSS 
\Ve won't ahandon you after the 
I\IC T We have intcrvicw and 

, 12 wcd., . 4 I11cetil1!{' per weei-. ( ·.,turd.I), ' uno.lY, .llld two weck-

.Ipplication fC-source. as well a cat-
alo~ .Ind profiles on all 126 U.S. 
allopath i medical schools. \V e 
have the A ICA' application 
template on our Macintoshes· 
o you Cd ll work on your appli-

ni!{hh). lore th.11l I 0 tot.II hours. () wimps need .Ipply. 
, 2., hour. pcr meetin)(, \0 I11cctinf,'S ((ltal. 
, Immclll.lIe feedback. N o lIlore than 24 . mdent in.1 c1.IS . 
, Con""nicll\ ci.l"fOOm, .1Ilt! tinll's III tit your chcdule. 

<'arion until you're s:lrislied. Then 
)'ou Gill laser print the final version 

Oil ollr }~tcm and send i t oil 

We desiQn and re-design our MCAT (ourse for you , \Vc help you re - leJrn. r.lIher th.1Il merely review. rhe (onccpIll311y-oriented cien('c.1Il I verba l matenal 
YOII'lI need In get:l winn in)( .\1 ' AT score. All of our ma terials are subjec t to student 

feedback on .lreas of confusion. W e continuall 

SPf{ialized inslrUllors who are experts in their field 
, Yuu .lre t3u)(ht b jOllr (nor one or two) 'pc' 

ci.llized i n'tnlctnrs. 
, All imtructors hdve earned ar lea ~ t a 

1\ laster', dc)(rcc and many h'lvc won rcal' h-
inl( .l\v.lrds outside nur cour~e . 

MeAT diagnostics 10 focus your efforts. righl from Ihe slart 
You'U take two computerized diagno;,tic tcst in addi-

upgrade our c..x.h:lUstive Biology, Chemistry, Physi s, 
and Verb,lI materials to cmphasi·te the conceptual kills 

dcm.lndcd by the new fomm "'teAT. \~e now offer t600 
p.lge< of focused review materials, including hundreds of 
practice que;,tiolls and ~t AT-style passages. 

Any Queslions1 
Ju t give us a call at 

800-843-4973' 
tion to the two full - length MeATs we administer. Taking We'lI make sure you 

get what you've 
(already) paid for. 

the tirst diagnost ic test early in the oUlSe w i ll alert )'ou and your 
instruclOrs to your weak areas in both science knowledge and rest - taking 

Ill:/ 
'--

WHEN IT'S TIME TO GEl' SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST.SM 
" .. 

, 

M ..... luy. O.·t .. l ... r 2(.. 1 j)j)2 

PfT Uinry Aut. - MBI. a btomedical fim. 
has a p/1 position aVail . 10 hrSlWeek. Mon. & 
Fri. a.m. preferred. Wilperlorm journal artIde 
searches at UCSD litKarl8s. Copy and 
deliver. LltKary and periodIcal research 
exper desirable. Must have reliable 
tr8l\lPOf18llOn. prool oI lnsuranoe and vllid 
DL. Contact HR. 452·7393. ext. 2~. (101 
26·10129) 
Compul8r science studenl to help high 
school boy with Science Fair Project on 
computers. 575-7503. (10126·'115) 

5 student distributors needed. parttime: 
selling to studentslfrtends : 560-6307. (101 
26·10129) 

GREEKS. CLUBS RAISE A COOLS1 ,000 
in just one weeki PlusS1 .000 for !he rnember ' 
who callsl And a FREE HEADPHONE ' 
RADIO just for calling 1 ·800·932·0528. Ext • 
65. (10126) 
PAID INTERNSHIP AVAILABLE ASAP. 
Alvarado Hospttal Marl<eling. 10·20 hoursl 
week. Need wrning experience . Call 229· I 
3258. (10126) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bart - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3788 Elliou SI. Student dis· 
counts. 226·1962. (9121 ·1213) 
Grants. Loans. Scholarships. We can find 
financial aid lor every studem regarcless 01 
grade point average or family Income. 
Guaranteed. Catl toll free 1 ·800-475·2288 
ext 1519. (9121·10129) 

VioUnNioIa lessons. You or your child(ren) 
can learn from an experienced. professional 
teacher. Now accepting students - all ages 
and levels welcome I Call Conrad: 466'()525. 
(9121-1213) 

QUALITY BARBERINGII la Jolla Barber 
Shop. Ouality Barber. HairCuts $8.00. 7780 
Faye Ave. Suite F. 459-5792. (912,.,0126) 
ON·CAMPUS TUTOR living in Muir dorms 
24 hour service for freshmen ci&SSes. Call 
558·8728. (9128·11 /5) 

ATTORNEY. DUI. Landlord·Tenant. Dis· 
criminalion/Harassment. Immigration or 
Consumer Problems? AFFORDABLE 
STUDENT RATES. 450·6803. (10/8·1119) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New at Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95 while you wait. Xeroxes and 
more. Near St. Germain's 452·9949. (101 
12·1213) 

Vegas. 3 days hotel. airfare. meals. show. 
car· S791person. New Wave Travel. 576· 
1141 . (10115·11 /5) 

Editorial - to help organize your wrHing. 
Marginal commentsllinal copies. Degree in 
English. Joan 560·1631 . (10119·11/5) 

TRAFFIC SCHOOL $14.50 with this ad. 
Sal. Sun .. weekdays. eves. 12 locations 
296·0233. (10122· 1112) 
DO YOU HAVE A DISPUTE? Medialion 
services are available by Bob Wagener-
trained mediator, working in the field for 5 
years. Service Is voluntary and confidential. 
Call : 534·6951 for more information. (101 
26·10·29) 

Bloomies Florist & Flower Markell On·cam· 
pusl Price Center Plaza. Open Monday 
through Saturday. 453·0880. (10/26) 

WORD PROCESSING-papers. resum~s. 
etc. laser printing. Rush service available. 
From $1 .50/page. Sharon. 481 ·7804. (101 
26·10129) 

WANTED 
VOCAUSTWANTED fororiginalbanctMust 
be diverse. creative and open· minded. 
Equipment a plus. lee. 625·0801. (10/22· 
1115) 

WANTED: YOUTH LEADERS for church 
near campus. See ad this issue or call 534· 
2537. (10126· I 0129) 
MISSING FINGER? It you have one 01 
more fingers missing from binh or lost from 
accident and would like to volunteer in a 
survey. please conlact: BrainiPercaption 
lab. UCSD 534-6240. (10126·11/15) 

UCSO MEDICAL CENTER needs heaII1y 
'oIOIunIeeIs ~ the \IgIII 01 18 and 65 lor a 
2 hoIJ' IIUdy 01 eye blinking. A $ 10 oompenu-
tion plus parkJng wi! be provided. Cd Deb II 
543·2314 for more information. (10126) 

FOR SALE 
MACINTOSH PLUS. 20MB external hard 
drive. Modem inctuded. SoItware. Excellent 
condiIion. $600. Susana 558·7927 evenings. 
(10112·10126) 

HAWAII: Kona. Maui or Oahu. 5 days hotel. 
roundtrip airfare $319/person. New wave 
travel 576-1141 . (10115 ,11/5) 

Munds,. , OC l obe r 26, 1992 

F Ulan + frame S99 unused. FuN mal set S75. 
Sofa and tov.seat stir in plastic $285. Can 
delIVer. 222·4771 . (10119-1213) 

U2 ticl\als. Nov. 10. feur 01 them. great field 
seats. callileave mesaage. 942·4128. (101 
19·10126) 
Plane tlCi<et San Diego· Minnesota. Dec. 14. 
CaY Br811793·0728 . (10119· 10126) 

SEIZED CARS, truckS. boats. motorhomes. 
4wheelers. by FBI. IRS. DElio. Available 
your area row. Call 1 ·800·333·3737 ex\. C· 
7556. (10119· 11112) 

Packard Bell 386X legend. 40mb-expand· 
able. 2400 modem. mouse. 14 Inell .41 
VGA manitor. 5 1/4 drive . :I 112 drive. much 
integrated software. 1 112 yrs. old. $1.495. 
call 622·0559. (10122· 1 0126) 
CMstmas tidoets lor safe..RT ·Detroit·Cheap. 
Negotiate - dates can be changed H nec· 
essary. 5:)4·0503. (10122·10126) 
Aqualung Aquarius reguiatOl w/OClopuS. BC 
Hook·up and Oceanic triple console. +80 cc 
aluminum tank. A steal at $200. Call 622· 
0559. (10122·10126) 

1978 VW convertible bug. Yellowlblack. 
excellenl enginelbody. 755·1782. (10126) 
U2 lCkets - Jack Murphy Stadium - Awe· 
some seats on field (20fthem)- $45 each 
or make an o"er. 546·0669 (Ilest alter 6 
p.m.). Have some fun on Nov. 10. (10126-
10129) 

1980 Suzuki GS55OE. new vonage regula· 
tor. banery. lighls. seat. tire. brakes. mani· 
fold gasket. cables (dutch. lach. speedom· 
eter.choke) . Rebuiltcarbs. runsgreat.$925. 
453·6717. ask for Dave. (10126·11 /5) 

Car stereo system. CD & tape pullouts by 
Kenwood. Speakers by Morel. Infinity. 
Cerwin Vega. Amp. by Alphasonlc + Much 
more. Have to sell. buy all or part. Paul. 281 · 
2997. (10/26 ,1119) 

Mac SElSO 5MB RAM. 40MBHD. wlUS 
Robotics Carrier modem. Image Writer I. 
carry bag . & tons of software. $1750. 295· 
2496. (10126'10129) 
SURFBOARD. 9~1 1 lighl·green 10ngbOard. 
seldom used. Was $250. $200 lirm. Mes· 
sage for Jackson. 552·8890. (10126·10/29) 

SurfbOard 6'4' Thruster $100. surf racks 
with lock $25. All good cond~lOn . 452·3003. 
(1 0/26·10129) 

Apple 12 inch grayscale monitor. 10 months 
old. S1SO obo. Nathan. 450-4334. ( 10/26· 
1112) 

YOUTH 
LEADERS 
WANTED 'or 
Dynamite Junior 
& Senior High 
YDuth Program 
Cl lt 53"-2537 for info or send 
resume to: Youlh Director 

EpIaco,11 Chllrcll 01 
l1li Good Slmarilln 
4321 Eastgate Mall Road 
San Diego, CA 92121 
2 bIodcs .... ot campus 
cOllIer ., Eastolle MaU 
IntlGe_ 

9mm REI dynamic rope. Red. unuseej. SI 50 
obo. Call 457·4379 (Wilson) between 12 
and 4 p m Leave message. (10126·10129) 
80 megabyte SeaGate MFM Hard Drive 
with Controller Card. Ful height. $ 1 50 obo. 
Call 457·4379 (Witson) between 12 and 4 
p.m. Leave message. (10126·10129) 
JVC AC ·3 10 CD/cassette . Campuslesl 
grand p ri ze. Perfect. in box. Retail 
$189. S125 000. Peter 558·9109 . (101 
26· 1 0 /29) 

MORRISSEY tickets (3) lor HallOween show 
at Del Mar. S22each. 452 ·7102. (10126·101 
29) 

SCOOTER. 1986 Honda Elite 150. low miles. 
IooksIrunsgoocl.S9501besl. 490·1 147. (101 
26·11112) 

Surfboard. 7'4' Bessell tri·fin. Rounded pin· 
tail . Fasl and fun. Great condition. $220. 
273·83t1. (10126) 
U2 tickets . 14th row center. San Diego (3) 
and30c1. 31 LAtlckels.Cal587·4852. (10/ 
26) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Binder notebook left at Guardian offICe. 
History notes Inside. Call 534·3466. (10122· 
10129) 
Prescription sunglasses 10Sl in GH Library 
beteen 12· 1 p.m. Monday. Oct. 19. It lound 
please call NichOla at 558·4779. REWARD. 
(10126) 

HOUSING 
Roommale wanted: Own bedroom & bath. 
Security bldg . underground parking. wash! 
dry in apt . pool. jacuzzI. large weight room. 
racquetball court. Call Tom at 457·8123. 
5370/month or leave message. (1011 ·101 
29) 

R.ooms avalole lor rent in Clairemont. S223· 
232 plus deposit. Call Karen al 54 1·2073 
(1 0/15· 10126) 

Share comfonable hOuse near beach in 
Encinitas Sundeck. garden. laundry. Non· 
smoker. environmentally aware. 5375. 942· 
4804. (10/ 19-10126) 

.If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Disease 

• Clotting factor • Epstein Barr 
defICiency Virus 

• Toxoplasmosis • CMV 

• Ch lamydia • Any red blood 
cell antibody 

• Hepatitis A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
A Sub idiary of IItmaCare Corporulion 
SAN DIEGO 1619)226-1133 

TOaANCI (310) 61 .... 73 
WIST HOU.YWOOD (213)654-0565 

You can greatly ht lp in medical 
research and treatment alld tarn 

$50 to $200 per week! 

Confidence-Is j ust 
A Phone CallAway .. , 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
WW COST 

FARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
(l",,,,,ldkll. Tnr RfSulu) 

PREGNANCY 1ERMlNATION 
(Gmoral or LocaJ AnnIMIa) 

AFFORDABLE BIRD{ CONTROL 
S1lJDENT OISCOUNl'S 

(619) 535-1379 

The UCSI) ClIsrdis tl 

Room lor rent in condo. $324 nls. Respon· 
sible temale wanted to join mellow house· 
hold. 457·0131. (10119·10129) 
Playmor condo 5 min . Irom UCSD 3BR. 
2.58A. alllIJPIjanoes. pool. fireplace. S 12001 
mo .. 693·8259. (10119·10129) 
FOR RENT: 2BR 2BA condo. 5 min. to 
UCSD. dishwasher. washer-dryer. pool . 
jacuzzi. $950. 281 ·7551 . (10/22" 0129) 

UNIVERSITY CITY $295. I or 2 women 
needed lor own room(s) In nice four BR 
hOUse. Patio. piano. cable TV. washer/dryer. 
12 minutes to UCSD. No smokersipel&, 
drugs. 534·2391 or 534·3383 (message) . 
(10122, 11 /6) 

Roommate wanted: Male or lemale. Large 
house 0" Governor. own room. share BA. 
$320. 558·7885. (10122·10129) 
Own room, clean. quiel. furnished. Share 
Clairemonl condo WIth UCSD sludent $3 I 01 
mo. Utilities included. 272-8758. (10122-1 01 
26) 
LA JOLLA (south pointe): blkeibus to school 
Own room in nice townhouse. Analee. 452· 
3t42. (10126·11116) 
Room : Beautifully FURNISHED. 
DECORATOR·sc:ondominium. City scenes 
overlooking Fashion Valley. Healad POOL. 
JACUZZI . PARKING . and WASHERI 
DRYER. Best deal In town $375 (linens) 
$400 (no linens). Available 1111. Call 571 · 
0880. (10126·10129) 

PERSONALS 
MEXICO: Puerto Vallarta or Mazatlan. 4 
days hotel . roundtrip alrlare. $2751person. 
New wave travel . 576· 1141. (10/ 15·1 l iS) 

GEMELO: M~s que tu no hay nadlel 
Bienvenidos a nueslra vida juntos. (10126) 
Lonely Loser Seeks Same. Call 534·6580. 
ask for Cabrera. (10126) 
Bloomies Florist & Flower Market. On·cam· 
pusl Price Center Plaza. Open Monday 
through Saturday. 453·0880. (10126) 

Heide. You are sospeciall Looking forward 
to great Alpha Omega Pi times logether. 
Love. your BigSis. (10126) 

8.5 X 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or stH serve 

wiIh this coupon 

CLASS IFIEI)S 1:3 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

7DM~ Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively VW and AUDI 

Service & Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

Musl pr9$9111 coupon end void UCSD 10 01 tme of estimate. 
Not votld w~h majOl engine 01 Ironsmlsslon repClrs [1\ 1450:9494IP~g 

I vrOMOrlWf U.IIfC' 

'E _.-
IF You HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWS OR AUDIS, 

ASK THEM ABOUT US; IF THEY HAVEN'T 
DISCOVERED Us YET, ASK Us FOR REFERENCES. 

L 5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE --------------------~ 
ANXIOUS? 

- Sudden Intense Fear? - Palpitations? 
- Fear of Being Judged? - Avoid Socializing? 

- Sweating? - Pers istant Worries? 

FREE CLINICAL RESEARCH 
TREATMENT AVAILABLE 

CALL 534-0776 

ThinkOfltAs 

The principle : the more ways you ha\'c of learning 
something, the beller yuu'lIunderstand it. AcademiC types 
call thi s ·'multl ·modal learning:' At Kaplan Test Prep. we 
ca ll It cross-trai ning for the mind . 

• 

At Kaplan . we integrate more di fferent learni ng ap· 
proaches than any other program. When you tmin for the 

~1 C\T wi th us. yo u'lI have access to live classes. audio 
reinforcements. academic and smltegy clin iCS. home study 
notes .md indiVidual tutOring You 'lI rake practice tests that 
run the gamut from to'pic drills to full -length released 
exams. fro m taped self-tests to a si mulated :-'1 CAT complete 
with tickels. timing and proctOrs . 

With thts kmd of training. no wonder Kaplan produces 
more top MCAT scores and prepares more med school 
candid.1tcs than all other courses combined. 

KaplanMCATPrep 
Call1 ·800·KAP·TE5T rorcourse InronnattOn 

and directions to the center nearest you 
, 1992 Sldnk'\' H /(" r kln EJu"III"nlll (."'1 .... lid 



14 SPORTS 

Tritons Deadlock at Two 
w..tfS1GCCBt Tritons can't corral the Mustangs 
ByG,..Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

It was probably 
a tie, bu, since 
nobody could 
see the ball. who 
knows whaJ re-
ally happened. 

Officially, 
the UCSDwomen 'ssoccerteam played 
to a 2-2 dmw with Cal Poly Pomona 
yesrerday. in a marathon march thai 
didn', end until after the sun had set 

It was the second rnalch of a two-
giune weekend that began with the Tri-
tons crushing Azusa PacifIC 7-0 on Fri-
day. 

11le game was over by halftime as 
UCS D jumped out to a 4-0 lead, on the 
Mrength of a Michelle Drbone f IfSl half 
hat -trick and a score by Kat ie Larkin. 
Carbone scored f IfSl forthe Tritons only 
9:36 into the game as shetook a Jennifer 
Ewert pass from the left side. 

Two minutes later L!lKin connected 
off a pass from Carrie Peer. C:ubone 
added two more scores on a.ssists from 
Amanda Johnson and Kruy Dulock. 
The Tritons' fourth goal came only nine 
and a half minutes after the first one. 

Larkin completed her own hat-trick 
in the second half, her second goal 
com ing off a pass from Carin Pugh that 

~he took in.~ide the penalty box and left-
fOOled past Azusa goalkeeper April 
Reed. 

1 oanne daWz took a high C1"OSS from 
Dulock in front of the goal a few min· 
utes later. but she was facing the wrong 
direction. Shequickly remedied thesiru-
alion by launching a lefl-fOOled Mloc 
while turning around. The roll hit the 

bock of the net on the right side for 
UCSD's sixth SCOR. 

laltin·s (mal goal came 3173:57:L'i 
she Slole the ball from Missy Clc:rneIt 
and headed downfield. She was flllo1lly 
challenged by Joyce Boersma on the 
left side, and booted a left-footer al the 
goal. The 00lI ricocheted fir..t off of 
Boersma and then off of Reed's hands 
and into the left comer for the score. 

UCSDHeadCoachBrian McManus 
appm:iatecl his lCaITl'S intensity against 
theOOlgunned Cougars. "With thistearn 
I'm never sure wha!'U happen. but we 
came out with a great attitude and beat 
them in the flfSl few minutes." 

"h'lI be very dOlle. it could go either 
way." M Manus saidaboutthe upcom-
ing Pornonagame on Friday. The oach 
Wasll't quite right - the game went 
neither way. 

The MUliIangs ~k flfSl on one of 
two defensive breakdowns by the nor-
mally tough Triton '. With 25 minutes 
gone, Larkin tired to pass the ball back 
to her goalie. Carl Schwartz.. The pass 
wasn't hard enough, though, and 
Pomona's Allison Thompson picked it 
off. Schwartz. who was corning out to 
take the pass. had no ch:\nCe to Slop 
Thompson as the Mustang -tepped 
around the diving keeper and put the 
ball into the net for the easy score. 

I...arlcin gOl even three minutes later 
when she gOl the ball near the top of the 
penalty box and danced around, look-
ing to pass. Seeing a shot, she fired off a 
rocket that Pomona goalie Dawn Will-
iams had to jump for. The ball bounced 
off her hands and over the goal. and 
UCSD had a corner kick on the left side. 

Dulock handled the kick for the 

The UCSD Guardian 

Tritons and took rnatters into her own 
hands. She arced a perfect banana kick 
just overthe outstretched Williams' fin-
ger tips for the tying score. 

Then with just 30 seconds left to 
play in the half, Pugh W:L'i in the middle 
of a group of player.; jUS1 outside the 
penalty bo)( when the ball bounced right 
to her. Wasting no time, the freshman 
left-fOOled an arcing shoI inlo the ex-
treme left ide of the goal. inching past 
the surprised Jennifer Bryant who had 
taken over at goal for Pomona. 

''The 0011 jUSl bounced off a couple 
of other players. When I shot it. I didn't 
think it would go in:' Pugh said. 

Despite the lead. UCSD looked like 
it played the firsc half in a fog. 11le 
Tritons were flat emotionally, and the 

VOLLEYBAR AND GRILL 
Darts & Shuffleboard at 

Pacific Beach's Only 
Non-Smoking Sports Bar 
Thurs.-Sun. $ I Domestic Pints 

offense often looked confused 
The second half wasn't much better 

and the Tritons' seconddefensive break-
down quickly became Pomona's sec-
ond goal. This time Schwartz was ('OITl-
ing QUI to cover a CT'05S. but again a 
MUSIaIlg gor the ball before she did. 
Leighann Mwphy came through all 
alone to take the ball away and put it into 
the goal. 

The rest of the half was a back and 
forth lxutle, with both teams coming 
close to breaking the deadlock. but nei-
ther capitalizing. 

UCSD was hit hard as !he game 
ended. Having Slruggled with injuries 
all season. the Tritons gor even more 
bad news as Ewert was carried off the 
field with a knee injury. "It was jUSl a 

Cfla(( 
MONDAY NIGHT FOOIBALL $' Domestic Pints & Wells • All Entrees 1 /2 Price 

DINNER ENTREES 
CATCH OF THE DAY ..... M.rIi.t Prle. 
Served w/potaloes & a SIde at salad 
SZECHUAN STYLE CHICIEN 
_/AlMONDS .. , .... .. ........... .$6.511 
Assorted vegetables. slir tried 
In Szechuan sauce 
lASAGNA .. ...................... sa.5I! 
layers 01 Spinach. Italian Suasage 
& live hearty Cheeses smothered in 
a hearty fed suace, 
LlNGUINt PRIMAVERA ......... ».95 
Assorted Fresh Vegetables sauteed In 
olive Olt wi marinara sauce 
GRILLED CHICKEN 
SANDWHtCH ...... .............. $4025 
WI Swiss Cheese & evetybody on it 

CAJUN CAlAMARt .............. $1.25 
Served wI a side salad 
LlNGUtllt WI PESTO a 
SUN ORtEO TOMATOES ....... $5,95 
BEEF. CHtCnN FAJITAS .... $5.95 
Your choice lit beet, chicken. or 
combo served wI guacamole,pico 
de galla and tresh ftour tortillas 
FAJITA QUESADILLA ........... $6.25 
FIlled wi Jack Cheese.chicken or 
beef lajitas 
JUMBO Y-8U11GER ............. $3.95 
(112 Ib, wI evetybody on it) 
WIlli QUI ........................ 54.25 
APPETIZERS 
Chops & HanerIIIde Salsa RojI _, .... $1 .25 
Black Bean Nachos ........... " ..... $5.00 

Cluli Cheese FrieS .................... $2.15 
Cajun Fries ... , .... ' .. , ............... " .. 11 .15 
SOUPS 
Torilla Soup ............................. » .211 
StNId wi ftCt, IIICO Iff 9* , SiCe of flin t 
SALADS 
Dinner Salads .................... ...... $2 .• 
CNun;, fUtICft. ~ MWDId. RasOtrry. 
_SoocI&So/cyFtll 
SPECIALTY SALADS 
Tejano salad ...... ...................... SUI 
Stnos of ""'ltIItect chicken blUSts. 
eOOl<etl in soley rtll(lIer1 saute 
Chicken T eriyakl Salad ............. SUI 
Strips Of chICken wi ltS!y .rt. 
& .... me .. uet 

Bring In Your UCSD 'D to Receive Above Spec;"I. 
YOLLEYIAR 1014 Grand Avenue (Comer of Grand & Cass St.) 270.7160 
& GRILL A DfI ... II ... Place r •• at • DrI ... dll 

Montloy. Ot-Iollt'r 26.1992 

bad tackle." McManus explained. 'The 
defender's weight wason [Ewert's] fOOl 
and she twiSled her knee the wrong 
way." 

Borh teams came up empty during 
the first overtime, Midway through the 
second period UCSD had its best scor-
ing chance. Seven yards outside of the 
penalty bo)(,theMuscangs' Kelly Myers 
was yellow c:uded for tackling Dulock 
from behind. Johnson~ook the penalty. 
and her shot bounced off the top cross-
bar, then hit the ground between two 
Tritons before Williams fell on the ball. 

For McManus, the tie was disap-
pointing, but not too troubling. ''They 
were a bit flattoclay, but they' ve been on 
such a high the past week. [ think the 
games last week toot a lot out of them .. , 

Monday, October 26,1992 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday, 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center, Third Roor 
Come and get involved!! 

A.S. POSITIONS A V AILABLE 
APPLY FOR THE FOLLOWING POSITIONS: 
Elections Manager 
Campus-Wide Comminees - including Campus! 

Community Planning. Affirmative Action. 
Disabled Student Services. Day Care. Enrollmem 
Project ions. Program Review, RIMAC, Student 
Regulations Review, Academic Senate. Full 
listing available at the A.S. Offices. 

External Affair 
Finance 
Programming 
Public Relation 
And many more ... 

Pick up applications in the A.S. Offices, 
Third Floor Price Center, or call 534-4450 

STUDENT ORGANIZATION FUNDING 
Positions available for: 
Registration Fee Committee Representative 
Student Organization Finance Board 
Cultural Programming Finance Board 
Applications available from the A.S. Receptionist. 

Price Center, Third Floor 
Winter Quarter Student Org. Program Requests 
Due October 30 

STUDENT REGENT 
Applications available for Student Regent 
Come by the A.S . Office, Price Center, Third Floor 

for more information. 
Applications due no later than 5 pm November 6 in 

the Chancellor's Office. 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
Positions open in A.S. Public Relations office: 
Publicity Manager 
Editorial Services Manger/Newspaper Editor 
Events Manger 
Research Manager 
For more infonnation, call 534-4450 or come by the 

A.S. Offices, Price Center, Third Roor 

A.S. FILM SERIES 
Presents Balman Refilms 
Thursday and Friday, October 29 - 30 
6:30, 9:00, 11:00 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $2. Free Popcorn! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
General Meeting 
Wednesday, October 28. 6:30 pm 
Call Kristin at 481-3572 for location. 

CAL·ANIMAGE 
Weekly Japanese Animation showings 
Tuesday. October 27.7:30 pm 
Solfs Hall 107 
This week featuring Wings of Hon-

neamise aljd Maison Ikkoku #5 
ubtitled in English . 

For more infonnation . call 587-4890 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
Halloween Pany 
Saturday, October 31, 9 pm - I am 
International Center 
Costume contest, live DJ! 

A.S. NEWSA..ASHES is produced by the Asso-
ciated Students of UCSD. To have lI1advenise-
ment pl.ced in A.S. NEWSFLASHES. pick up 
a form outside the A.S. Secmary's door. 3rd 
floor Price Center. Deadline is every Wednes-
day II noon. Adverti_nts are subject to space 
..... i1_lity. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Apply For 
A.S. Elections Manager 
Applications due 4:30 pm, Friday, Oct. 30 
in the A.S. Offices, Price Center, 3rd Roor 

For more infonnation, call 534-4450 

Active Students for Kids is looking for anyone 
interested in becoming involved in the A.S.K. 
Committee. We need people to help with publici ty 
and fund-raising. 

Are you intereMed in a leader hip posilion in a 
tutor/mentor program for junior high students'! The 
Volunteer Connection is developing a new program 
in conjunction with SDSU and USD, We need your 
help. If interested . call our office and a.k for 
Christina. 

If you want more infomlUtion on either of these 
opponunilie or are looking for volunteer opportu-
nities in general. visit or call our offICe at 534- 1414. 
We are located on the third floor of the Price Center 
in room 3.302 . 

15 



f/ 

ART 

lIT 
The Orange 
Were Crushed 

Tmffoc came to a screeching halt in 
Atlanta last nighl You see, Charlie 
Liebranck was playing on the freeway, 
and he gOl hit sever.u time:., Every-
body hilS Liebrandt. 

Yesterday's game m the Murph 
Wa'i a cla. .. sic. My girt'riend. her family 
.md I h:xl the ple;c;ure of witl1e'>!>i ng an 
epic game, one for the ages. 111e game 
Wa.'> :1 clas!>ic becall'>C the Olafgen. 
actu;llly won! ot only did the 
Lightning Bolt .. win. bUlthey defemed 
the hmed Denver Broncos, 2-1-21. 

We ~hould have received 
haznrdou, duty pay for ~ining in the 
Denver ~tion. We were pelted with 
in,uIL, :md hard I kJ, all afternoon. 

e\t time, I'm wearing flakjad.el. 
BUI it Wa.'> wonh it. Seeing a whiny 
Bronc(r.> f:U1 cry in her beer W;L .. v. onh 
the price of :Idmi\l,ion al nc. 

Whatev.:r you do, don't get into an 
argument with a Brol1C(r.> fan. 
.:..,peclally if your fav rit.: te:Ull ha. .. 
never Illa Ie it to the Super Bowl. 

A, Ihe crowd tiled out of Ihe 
".Idlum. my girlfriend', brother look a 
paning ,hot al the Bronco faithful with 
lhe words "Elway can't cut it" What'~ 
wrong wilh a little good,natu red 
tea,ing'! I mean. football g:U1lC!oo aren't 
life and death. are they'! 

You'd expec;1 an intelligent 
rebuttal, !>Omething like: "At lea.\! the 
Broncos are still in fin.l place." 

IrL~ead, we gOl the finger. 00011, that 
hum. At least we're st ill number one. 

TIw CSD Gllanlian M", .. lu~ , (kf"IH'I' :!(" I')ln 

UCSDSti Alive For Now 
MEN'S SOCCBt Never-say-<lie 
Tritons eke out two victories over the 
weekend to halt 10 ing kein 
By Murall MOOfthy 
Staff Writer 

pride and spirit. 

Ju~t when you thought 
you could write-off the 

CSD men . ~ ),(lCcerteam 
3:- a group of under-
acheiven;, they go and 
make a frantic anempl to 
regain Mlrne of their IO!>I 

With two ~tr..tight wi~ last weekend. 4-2 over 
We:.tmini .. h:rC lIege(U1)and l.QoverPoinlLomu 

azarene College. the Tritons upped their record 10 
8-6-3 and are hoping 10 cat h the eye of Division In 
playofl committee memben;. 

Playing on Friday nftem n. the Tritons !>I:.U1ed 
the weekend right. nipping Wesrminister in ovenime. 

Regul;lIi 11 time ended with the M:Dre locked at 2-
2. ll1e ganle "as inilially cal led after regulalion due 
to dar\..1lC.'..' . but realizing that any kind of playoff 
hopes they had depended on recording wins. the 
TritOrL\ in. i~ted 011 continuing play. 

111e dark~ lifted a.' Brian Bmdbury strength-
ened the Triton:,' chances. M4ln O1i Iton headed a right 
cm.s back acro:.s the gool mouth and Br.ldbury Wa'i 
there to hammer the ball home for his fourth goal of 
the ~ and a 3-2 UCSD lead. "OUlton headed the 
ball back to me and I did a linle chest trap and fired," 
explained the senior. 

A few moments later. Bradbury put the game out 
of reach on a breakaway. taking a feed from mid fielder 
Roben Ripley and making quick work of the defense. 

It looked as if the Tritons would corne out on top 
in regUlation thanks to leading scorer Jam:tStevenson \ 
two fi~-half goals. Down 1-0 with less than five 
minutes remaining in the half. Steven:,on fired a loose 
ball into the net from just outside the penalty box to tie 
the game up. Minute~ later, he ~ck again. Cutt ing in 
front of the sleeping Westmini!>!er goolie standing by 

Jason Ritchie/Guard/M 

Ser&lo Salvador outwits his Westminster oPPollent durlnc UCSD's victory, 
the right pDS(. Stevenson he:ided Erik Waldman' s 
comer kick from the right side through the goalie's 
hands and off a defender inm the goal. 

But Westminster forward Jeff Klein's 25-yard 
rocket just under the crossbar sent the game into 
overtime. sening up Bmdbury's heroics. 

Despite looking sluggish and tired occa.~ionally at 
Point Loma on Saiurday,the Tritons made it a perfect 
weekend by pummelling the frustraled Crw,acJer.;, Jeff 
Klein Wa! given credit for the only goal midway 
through the second half when he lofted up a free kick 
from the right side into the goal moulh. With two 
UCSD playen; bumping into him. CIlL'i3der goalie 
J;c;on Breum Wa! unable to hold on to the ball , 

bobbling it off one of his playen; into the upperrighl 
comer. 

"( shouldgelthea.~sist," Klein laleradmined. "I 
think it was O1ilton or [Nicki Ter1ecky who put it 
in." 

With one' game remaining m Division 0 Cal 
Stale Los Angeles tonight. the Tritons' playoff 
hopes are very slim at best. 

111eteam 's hopes reston the playoffconlminee 
giving them extr.l consider.ltion for beating NAJA 
Disuict J11leader Westminister and a tough 0ppo-
nent in the upcoming CSLA game and maybe 
some favoritism because they are the defending 
Division OJ champions' 

Actually, Denver fan:, usually have 
a pretty Mllid argument in defense of 
their beloved BroocDS. It sounds 
something like: "Hey. at l~tlhe 
Broncos have been to four Super 
Bowls. At Ie;L\! they' ve been to the 
Super Bowl." That statement is 
usually followed by the question 
"When wa.~ the la.\Itime the Charger.; 
made it to the Super Bowl?" Okay, I 
must give credit where redit is due. 
ll1e Brorocos 1J;lve made it 10 the 
Super Bowl four times. 

Yes. I'm jc.110u~ - the Broncos 
have been consbtently good while the 
Charger.; have been consi~telllly 
lousy. However. you nlll!>! admit that 
four consecutive butt-kicldngs in front 
of one billion viewer.; 11;1:. got to be 

I Tritons Beat Long Be~~~ State 
pretty humilialing.lfyou're going to 
get blown Olt!, why not make it during 
the regular season or the playofTs? 111c 
Bron fare about a'i well a'i George 
McGovern or Barry Goldwater on 
Super Bowl Sunday. 

Remember the M;ores of th~ four 
Super Bowl appe .. lr.U1Cc·~ Hey Den er 
fans, here's a qui 'k reminder. 

Super Bowl XlI - New Orlean , 
Loui~iana. Dallas 27. Denver 10. 
Craig Morton lhrows four intercep-
tions and b replaced by the iIIu~ous 

orris Weese. 
Super Bowl XXI - Pasadena 

California. N.Y. Giants 39, Denver 20. 
Elway's fi~ loss in the Big G:une 
would not be his last. I 

See BRONCOS, Page 11 
Chuct< I\IiUYen/GuantMl 

UCSD loalle Michael WamKI blocks a shot durInC the Tritons' 21-7 romp over ChamkIade. 

Associate Sports Editor 
With Nationals only a month away. the UCSD 

men's water polo team is serving llOIice to the 
NCAA: The Tritons are anned and dangerous. 

UCSDhad another excellent toumament. beat-
ing host Long Beach State in an overtime thriller. 
11 - 10, in the fir.;( round of the 4gerlnvitationallast 
weekend before falling to perennial power.; Cal. 
Pepperdine and UCLA. 111e strong tournament 
howing came on the heels ofUCSD's21-7 home 

rout of C1Iaminade last Thur.lday. 
UCSD's fiN-round viclory over Long Beach 

Stale wa<; a landmark achievement for the Tritons. 
''The win over Long Beach Stale Wa'i absolutely 
huge. because we had never beaten them befone:' 
Head Cooch Denny Harper said. 

"They talked trJSh during and after the g:une. 
telling ~ how they were going to kick our buns. 
Yeah right." H3JllCI' ikIded. 

1be first-round overtime battle against Long 
See H2O POLO, Page 11 

The Headline Matchup: Women's soccer VI. Cal State s., BemalC.lO, WedneIday at 3 p.m., North Campus Rac. The Trttons, already ~ 
teed a berth In the playoffs, wrap up their season against the DIvIsIon II Coyotes. Head Coach BrIan McMInII'wII be IooI<mg for his team to 
sustain Its momentum against a team that has neYer beaten UCSO. 
Other Games: Men's soccer at at Cal State los Angeles, today. Men's water polo vs. UC Riverside, Wednesday at 7 p.m., Canyonyiew Pool, Women's voI~1 vs. Point Lorna. Wednesday at 7 
p.m., Main Gym. 

PageS1 Monday, Odober 26, 1992 

Arena: 
Do you ever 
worry about 
your future? 

"I have no 
future, why 
should I worty 
about it?" See pageS3 
- Tricia Sykes. Rel'elle Sellior 

Frien • 
BY] A N £ REP A T H, G U A R 0 1 A N REP 0 R T E R 

"Rush sucks," says recent 

Sigma Kappa pledge Michelle 

DiMora, a Third College 

sophomore. "It's so 

impersonal, so fake. It's 

so rigid. There are just 
so many fonnalities and 

time constraints. You 

feel so judged, and 
there's always the 

chance of rejection." 
Every year, hundreds of 

UCSD students hoping to 

upgrade their social lives put 

themselves through a peculiar 

ritual called "Rush." The affair 

KaUe Roe/ GIJilfClian 

Hunting in the Job Desert 
If you think changing your major will help guarantee landing a cushy job after 
graduation, better think again, Whether you specialize in computer engineering or 
Judaic studies, jUdging by last year's statistics, you're in for tough times, 

Seep&geS2 
-

involves going to an endless 

stringofparties meeting hoards 

of peopJe and acting 

like you're having fun. 

Then, depending on 

the kind of impression 

"rushee " have made 

on their prospective 

Greek friends, they are 

either accepted into the 

open anTIS of brotherly and 

sisterly love, orcoldly rejected. 
It's no wonder that students 

who have endured this process 

often reflect on the experience 

with mixed emotions. 
SeepageS4 

• 

Katie Roe/ GuarCliM 



2 PECTACLE TIw UC 0 G 1I11r11i11ll 

Career ... Hunting in the Job Desert 
By Katie 0IeM 
Guardian Reporter 

If you think changing your major will help guarantee landing a 
cuM1y job right after graduation, better \hi,. again. Whether you 
;pecialize in computer engineering or Judaic Studies. judging by 
las! year'~ stalil.I~, you're in for tough times. LasI year proved to 
be one of the ~ years ever for fmdingjobs. and e)\pe~ warn 
the outlook for 1992 and 1993 is noI much brighter. 

In addition to feel ing the pinch of the national reces.'>ion on 
their own wallet,. recent UCSD gmds and those who will \OOn be 
joining their ranks are also coming 10 grips with the M:ant job 

otTering~ in today's market. 
The efTects of the dismal economy are evident in the result~ of 

a UCSD Career Serv ire. Ccnter ~urvey of 1991 UCSD graduat~ 
Although m~t graduate~ who were <k.>:>per.ue to land a job were 

Cognitive Science 
AMES 
Math 
Bioi 
Economics 
Psychology 
Visual Arts 

27,400-30,250 
1711tM~'" 
23,400-26,400 

..... 4. 
19,500-22,500 
u,tOO4.7,700 
11,200-13,600 

u,ually ~ucce~,ful. mOM of their new jobs have lillie 10 do wilh 
Iheir mljor. according to Ihe ,urvey. A full 16 percent of the 
re,ponden~ took nOllprof~,ion;iI jobs. double the amount over 
ju . ..t the year before. onprofession;1I jobs are theN: which do 001 

lI~lIally require a college degree. 

"Every major is negatively affCC1Cld," says Career Savices 
Director Neil Murray. "One is only spIining hairs when saying 
one major i~ better off (inlhejob markellthan another these 
days.·· Munny said thai ooly a few degrees. including engineer-

Where the Grads Are 

Overal. 

Working Part Time 7% 

Seeking Work 7% 

~'-'''''M+-- Doctoral Study 
19% 

Other Study 
18% 

In the Workforce: 85% 
In Graduate Study: 35% 

s-.: ucso c- s.mc. c- _ 01 utl .... 

ing. biology and chemistry. scrongly atTect the type of work a grJd 
will do. 

According to the survey resull~. many grJduates are currently 
working in ~ition.\ which barely require a high M:hool educa-
tion. FOI" in~:U1Ce. one former economi<:s major now works as a 
bartender. and a phil~y major i~ now an offICe mamger in 
San Diego. Many literature n1:ljors settled fOl" dericll jobs. while 
a communications major is now a firefighter in Los Angel~ One 
political ~ience major is evCll an llItr.IC1ion~ host at Disneyland. 

So the.e da~. lhe future actually looks hopeful for: ience 
dbciples. TIle SIIII Diego Vl/i(NI-TlibulIl' reponed that the hOI 
hiring trends are in health care and biotechnology. Physical and 

occupationalthernpisls are al~ in great demand and their salaries 
are increasing. And fOl" those with the specifIC skills. biOlech 
comfXlllies need 10 fill positiolTh for biologists. chemi:-.t.,. immu-
noIogist.\, virologists and other ",ient iflC prof~ional~. 

If you don't fn that description. though. don't get your hopes 
up. A Los AJI.lle{es Til/It!s article reported that over.all. 1992 hirings 
are down by 30 percent from 1989. 

"Someone a few years ago who may have been clJooo.ing from 
a number of otTers - he may now look fOl" months for a single 
ofTer. lt ·s tougher out there. but I finding a job) ~ill h:lppens." said 
Murrny. 
...., ...... 

These days. personal connections and networidng (oblaining 
useful job infomlation from pel~onal a(.'quaintanc~). are the keys 
to finding the good jobs. Kelly Fochino ... 1991 UCSD gmdu;lIe. 
,,;ays he meets weekly with a "job club" in the human reM)Un.'eS 
field. The group of young I<x:al execUlives infonn e;lCh OIher of 
entry level job opportunities and expand their conna.1ioo 

Percent In Nori-
profe ....... Jobs 

History: 
!OmIPIPOIQiY: 

nelWOIks. Right now. 
Fuchino is working at a 
tempor.uy agency. laking 
cias...es through UCSD's 
Extension progr.un and 
hoping to enter the 
hwnan resoIIrt:es field 
within the next ye-.... or 
so. 

Th;1I dre.-n·t mean 
that the want-ad ~ion 
of the newspaper is 
totally obsolt'te. Lisa 
Gonzales. a 1992 UC 
Berkeley gr-.iduate in 

Sociology, moved here thi~ ,ummer;meI found her pre.ent job a.~ 
manager of the Price Center's Cale Zero by reading the 
cla.-.sifteds. 

.. , believe that finding job:- today i, all connection.~:· ,he says. 
"Unde~uate edUC'Jtion by it"<!lf means nOIhing. o.le must 

See DESERT. Page S6 

Repairs 

STRATFORD 
OFFEE HOUSJE 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
Mlteub.sh. Isuzu Acura Oal 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salad 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Goumlet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 
• Cappuccino 

• Danishes 
• Scone 

UnCle Nick says, "Caffeine is brain fOOd, so get those 
synapses aoblastin' over at our house.~ 

Open 7am - 5pm ,f~ 7 Days a Week ~~ 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court '* Del Mar (corner of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Lindamood-Bell 
Learning Processes 

Onertng diagnosis and treatment of learning dIsorden, 
Including dyslexia, through one-to-one tutoring. 

• One-to-one tteatment to develop: 
Phonetic ProceSSing for Reading and SpeUing 
Imagery for Comprehension 

• Four week Intensive Clinic 
• Years of gain possible in weeks 

of treatment! 
1/2 Fee Diagnostic 

Evaluation through 
November 

619-259-3206 or 800-234-6224 
445 Marine View Drive, Ste. 290, Del Mar, CA 92014 

Centers In: 
San Oi o. San luis Obis • Sacramento. Kansas C' 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
t . Spark ptugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It includes: 
2. Distributor points 
3. Condensers 
4. Adjust Timing 5. Check and replenish all flu id 

and 0,1 levels 

6. AdjU6t dwell angle 
7. C heck brakes 
8. Check clutch 
9 . Check lights 

10. Check undercarriage for 
damages 

11 . Check cooling system & hoses 
12. Road test 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
Co 

Extra for fuel·lnjected. Our major lune up includes: (reg . $150) 
1. mpresslOn test 
2. Valve adJUSlmenl 1 1. Adiust bm,ng 20. Lube Ironl end . 28. Check and rechalge 
R.plu.: 12. AdluSI dwell angle 21. CheCk & replenish all batteries il necessary 
3. Valve cover gasket t3. Adlust cartllJlelOr fluid & oil levels 29 Rotate !ties (K needed) 
4 . Spalk plugs. 14. AdJuSI air & fuel rallO 22. Check eleclrical syslem 30: Check lire po-essure 
5. D'slilbulor poinlS. mIXture . 23. Check lor loose & Iosl 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 15. AdluSI 51eellng box botts 32. CheeI< all holders 
7. AI[ fMler. 16. AdJUst clutch 24. CheCk brakes 33 Chedl COOling syslem & 
8. Oil fjler. 17 . AdJUst brakes 25. CheCk clutch . hoses 
9 Gas filler. and Ie. AdjUst emergency brakes 26. CheCk lights 34. CheeI< exhaust system 
10 Engine 011 19. Check & adjuSI exposed 27. Check undercarriage 35. Road lest 

belts for damages 
Note t0l6-cytinder cats add S20 ToyOll Supra •. 1dd $30 DaIS"" 200Sx WIllI 8 "'"'" plugs. add $35 

Note HydtlUhc partS aro not COY",'" NoIlo< 4WD Fr()t1'_ 
dnv •• Ktra 
--------

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 2O,OOC).mlle limited warranty. 

'molt Clrs All prices Include parts and labor, 

8008 Miramar Rd. 
695·1990 

•••••••• 
WillI this ad. ElIpireIl 11!1r'92 

Caillor appointment. 

To" "'; .,,'(1'· , .' .",~" r.'o 'ad, f ',dd, . 10 "m' pm Open Saturday 

Mllnday _ 01"11111('" :Ui. 11)4)2 Th,' lies!) Glluroliun SPEC'!" \CI.E S:i 

~ 
~e 

~D 
#f 

No. At thi 
point in time 1 till 
have a long way to 
go. We have so 
much time to 

.. nn.,.,..,11. and Interviews by Jennifer Vann 

111.e worst-case 
scenario i' being 
relegated by 
society to a $4.25 
an hour job. If 
thm were the 
case, then I'd w rry about the 

furure. Now I just worry about sch l. 
Ram Piyaket , Graduate Student 

Do you ever 
worry about your 
future? 

grab a riHe, head for the hills and make a 
living hlxJting 'mall animals Clnd e,lting 
roots and nuts. BaSically, I'm nnt worried 
about my future. 
Sean Kelly, Muir Senior 

Yes, I am WOI'> 
ried about the 
furure . l worry 
every day, 
although 1 tend to 
worry about the 
world's furure 
more than my 
own. I recycle what I can, and I kick my elf 
for not riding my bicycle to school enough. 
I'm interested in srudying the area of 
physics that deals with 'aving energy. More 
people should use natural sources of energy. 

No. As 
long as I have 

yogammy 
life I will not 

be worried 
about the 

future, 

Yeah, becau 'e 
I'd like tn go to 
grad scl1.(x)1 for 
archit cture, but 
thc market for 
development 
ar hitecture right 
nnw i ' ju ' t not 
therc. I might h,l\'c tn look inro SOIllC 
othcr fields. But who knDws, by the time I 
get out tl gr.ld: htx)l, thing' coulLl he 
positive. 

Andrew ]ohllSon , Rel'elle Senior Laurie Cameron, Fifth Senior Sandra Lavender, Third Senior 

Many students have wished they had a 
close working relationship with a professor, 

but they haven't had the opportunity ... 

Are you Interested In learning how to do research? UCSO has just established 
an undergraduate research experience program. If you have always wanted 
to do research, but never had the opportunity, this Is the program for youl 

To apply, you must be a junior or senior, have at least a3.0 GPA. and be eager 
to develop your research skills. 

If you are accepted into the program, you will : 

"Do research with a faculty mentor 1 0 hours per week 10r two quarters 
(Winter and SprIng 1993) 

"Earn 8 units of 199 Independent Study Credit 
(4 units per quarter) 

"Learn how to write a research proposal and paper 

To learn more about this program, come to one of the following informa-
. tional sessions : 

Date: 

Monday. Nowmber 2"" 
Tue~y, Nowmber 17"' 

TlfTI6: Location: 

3 :00 - 4:00 pm PrIce Center. DaviS/RIverside Room 
4 :00 - 5:00 pm PrIce Center, l.AJSanta BattIata Room 

To obtain an application, stop by the S.R.P.P. office at MAAC 501B (east of 
the Price Center, near the police station) during the tollowing hours: 

Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays 1 :00 - 3:00 pm 
Wednesdays 11 :00 am - 1 :00 pm 

orcaU 

534-1774 
APPLiCATION DEADLINE - ~JOVEMBER b 

HALF PRICE STUDENT RUSH AT All PERFORMANCES! 
IN THE MANDEll WEISS THEATRE 

OCTOBER 20 THROUGH NOVEMBER 29 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

by William Shakespeare 
Directed by Des McAnuH 

The timelessness of Shakespeare's romantic comedy Much Ado About 
Nolhing comes 10 life in modern day L.A. as Beatrice and Benedick 
find that the harder they fight, the harder they fall (in love, that is!) 

Half price student rush tickets ovailoble ot 011 
performances· to lull-time students presenting valid 
studentlD. Rush lickets go on sale one hour prior to 
curtoin and must be purchased in person ot the box 
office. limit: two rush tickets per volid studentlD. 
' .xcept October 25 ..... niog and Oclober 31 matinee 

fOR MORE INFO""ION: (619, 235-1025 

GET RfLIEF •.• GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 
CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
"Since 1980. the goa l of Ollr practice has 
been to find and remove the cause of 
your health problem. rather than ju,t 
symptom relief - - without co tly drugs or 
surgery. " 

• Student & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto. Work & Sports Injuries 
• Insu rance Accepted 
• Open Daily 9 am-7 pm 

and Saturday 

CALL TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
'\JO (OST 1r\;ITlJ\l -.r1~AL EXAM 

AND (ON,UL TATION 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 

10C<ltcd at 1-5 and La jolla Village Drive 
acros. from Hyau Aventine 



S4 Monday, Ortollf'r 26, 1992 

TryingOut SocialL 
By Jane Repath 
Guardian Reporter 

Every year, hundreds of UCSO students 
hoping 10 upgrade their sociallivcs put 
themselves through a peculiar ritual called 
"Rush:' The affair involves going to an endless 
string of panies. meeling hoards of people, 
!>l1liling, shaking hands and acting like you' re 
hav ing a gre<II time. 

Then. depending on the impression 
''rushees'' make on their prospective Greek 
friends. they are eilher accepted into lhe blissful 
open arms of broIherly and sisterly love. or are 
coldly rejected. It 's no wonder that ~udenb who 
have endured thi.~ ~ful proces renect on 
the ex\Xrience with mixed emalions. 

Many ~tudenl~ report that being 
part of lhe Greek system !!Cales 
down UCSO's often overwhelm-
ing ~ize of I 7 ,<XX> undergracb to 
a more \Xrsonable group of 50-
I friends in a fralemity or 
sorority. But menlbership in 
these soc;;11 organizations i ~ 
selective. Many more tudentS 
rui.h UCSD's eight sororities and 
15 fr..llemitie. than there are 
'JXICI!' available. 

Ru~h Week. whi h take. 
place at the beginning of the Fall 
and Spring quarter... i\ when the 
hopeful\ have an opportunity to 

ill1p~ member.. of a fr.ltcmity 
or ,orority enough thatlhey will 
be given a "bid," the opportuniry 
10 become members Ihemselve,. 
RuIhed Friel ........ 

"Rush sucks." says recenl 
Sigma Kappa pledge Michelle 
DiM ora, a Third College 
Wp/lOlllore. "It's so imper.;ol13l, 
so fake. It 's so rigid. There are 
so many fonnalities and time 
conMr:linb. You feel so judged. and 
there's always the chance of rejection." 

During Rush Week, sorority 
ru.,I1a:S anend sever.u parties each night. 11leY 
have 10 try 10 get 10 know as many people as 
Ihey C:U1 wilh only five or ten minuICl> to talk 
with eotch person. From Ihese brief meeling~. lhe 

actives and members have to decide which 
people they actually want to invite to join. 

" It all depends on who you talk to during 
rush that makes or breaks your impression of the 
sorority. ( think the whole process is shallow and 
superfICial," says Fifth College senior Liz 
Woolsey. 

"Rush i hard," admits one sorority member. 
"You're looking at people and from the ten 
minute conversation you have, you uy to figure 
OUI if lhey'll be compatible wilh the rest of the 
girls:' 

"There's 
nothing 

degrading. 
If you 

have any 
type ofa 
sense of 
humor, 
then it's 
fme." 

Male pledge 

V.C.S.D. 
STUDENTS 

and 

Mala Sulnmanian, a Third college 
sophomore and Delta Gamma pledge. explains 
thai rush aclivities often do 11()( bring QUI the 
whole personality of the rushee. "Rush doesn't 
facilitate everyone. You really don't see who the 
girl is. Like the Head and Shoulders commen::ial 
- you never get a second chance to make a first 
impression. If you're tired or a linle shy,loo 
bad. you get rocked!" 

Says another female student: "While ( 
rushed. I tried to have an open mind, but the 
feeling ( goc was thai the people involved 
were followers r.uher than leaders. I 
withdrew halfway Ihrough because ( wasn'l 
having fun: Ithoughl it was fake. AI alllhe 
parties I wenl to. I fell as though I couldn'I get a 
good picture of what they were .. It also seemed 
that by joining a sorority. (would be I~ing my 
individuality." 

"We don'l really have any offteial rules for 
gening in. except having a 2.5 [G.PA]," says 
An Johnson. a member of Delta Tau Delta. 
"It's the people that represent themselves 
well. In a way,they're c~ing you, you'ne 
not choosing them." 

Fraternity men agree Ihat they tend 10 
pick pledges for their personality. "(fthe 
guy fi~ in. if everybody gel~ along. and 
he has solllCthing to add or contribute 
10 our frJtemity:' then he will be given a 
bid. ~ys Pi Kappa Phi member Chri~ 
Cop;!. However. the new guy ha." 10 get 
along with lhe entire group. The wllole 
chapter h:l~ 10 unanimously selecl :1 person to 
be given a bid 10 join. he s:lys. Over 80 people 
c:une out Ihb fall 10 join Pi Kappa Phi. and only 
19 were admined. 

The rush events often do nOC provide a social 
atmosphere that is easy for pledges to break inlo. 
"It's hard for the rushees 10 talk 10 people:' says 
a Revelle junior. "IThe fraternity members] 
want you to make the first move. They want 
confident. assertive guys." 

"( wenl lo the rush events and met as many 
guys as ( could." he conlinues. "If you ~ 
much time wilh one of the guys, Ihey'lI thirlk 
thai you don't have lhe right altitude, so yoJ 
don'l wanllo be associated wilh one little group. 
Maybe six frat brothers will be talking to each 
ocher. and you have to go up and butt in. You ' ve 

gOi to have a 
loc of balls to lalk to guys 
out of the blue." 

Sororily wOlllCn claim thai 
they also Ixbe the selection of 
new members on personality. 
Wilhin the space of four evenings, 
sororilies have 10 narrow down 
their selection .. One sorority 
member explain .. , '1'he first 
night you give them the benefil 
of the doubt." in ca.o;e lhe 
pledges happen 10 have an off 
night. '1'he second night 

"NAME OF THE GAME" 
... 005 GOVERNOR DRIVE EARN $ It'. easy. just come in (no appointment) and ·take the next; available stylist 

I twl".~n VOII 'S and Thrinyl 
558·2666 

1 ... 19 GARNET AVE. 
272·GAME 

COMIC BOOKS 
S PER NES • NINTENDO • GENES IS 

SI'ORTS & NON- PORTS CA RDS 

Buyr rr.lde/Sell • NewfUsed • Trade-In's 

TR,\OE IN YOliR OLD TITLES FOR 1101' NnV RELEASE 

Itt n/Jn ",", \/ PER \ES \/\rE\[)() (;f: \F\I\ Itll" 

Coming soon Jlfp.nese Anlmlftlon MOVIe Rentli/s 

at the same time! 

(619)554.1320 
CADUCEUS INTERNATIONAL 

GUESS' 
WHAT. 

The DARTMOUTH 
EXCHANGE PROGRAM 
deadline for the winter quarter 

has been extended. 
The new deadline is 

OCTOBER 30th. 
Please contact 

Muir Advising (534-3580) 
for more information. 

Additional aid available for 
financial recipients. 

-4'11.00 
Includes: Shampoo and 
quality haircut . . 
Blow dry and styling $4 extra. 
Full service reg . $21 -$26 

Standby fares are subjecl to 
avaIlabIlity of stylists. To 
Insure laster service, II'S 
best 10 come on weekdays. 

Open 6 Days : M-F-S 9-6pm : T-W -T 9-8pm 

-~.-. ---.-
. ......... -~ 
........... -"'-..... 

--~--- -

HAIR 
S~IN 

NAILS 

457·3334 
8843 La Jolla Vil lage Dr . • La Jolla CA 

La Jolla Village Cenler (Near Ralphs & Savon) 

IVIEN - VVDIVIEN 

TtN' UCSD Gu urdian 

you kind of get a linle rnore choosy. 
Usually. it'sjusr if you can't picture them 

fining in with all the other girls. It' hard 
to talk to people who won't talk Ixlck:' 
she says. 
..... ~CUt 

Sorority members VOCe on who 
among the rushees lhey met will be given 

a bid. 
With carefully c.hosen 

words, one sorority member tries 10 
explain that the fmal selection process 

is fair: "There's no really good way 10 
do it, but the way we do it I think is the 

best way 10 do il [f you just put it all on 
paper, illooks terrible, it looks so 

destructive to the girls. BUI it' s ~Iy not 
that bad," she says. 

MOSI fr:uemity and sorority members 
are reluctant 10 detail the reasons why some 
people are judged 10 be misfits and weeded 
out from the ochers; "Sometimes it's f19l 
like you made a bad impression. but you 

Kaniea 

made no impnes.,ion. We have to cuI girls, so the 
key is making your mark on people," s.'1ys 
Woolsey. 

Members ollen decide on who wi ll receive a 
bid based on whatever details they C;U1 remem-
ber aboul them from brief conver.>at ions. (f a 
ru.~ is a "legacy." which me:u15 one of their 
relatives belonged 10 lhe same ",rarity or 
fratemity, Ihat person will usually be put at the 
top of lhe bid list. 

Anocher sorority member explains that "the 
vocing is not talked about in order 10 prolect 
people's feelings. Rush is mainly 10 have fun. so 
frJlemities and somities prefer 10 keep their 
member decisions ro themselves." 

The bidding process necessarily means lhat 
SOf11e rushees will not be invited to join lhe 
organization of lheir choice. even after having 
Spenl hours at panies and making friends wilhin 
the fmlemity or sorority. "( wa.~ really angry:' 
says one male student who W:L~ noc admined 10 
the fmtemiry lhat he ru.'ihcxl. "( goc along wilh 
aboul 95 pen:ent of tile guys. and ( ~nt at least 
three hours with them every day. 

"I wa.~ kind of shocked because ( hadn't 
expected Ito be cut]." he continues. Because of 

lhe fr,llemily-s unanimous approval bid policy, 
he explains. II\( negative vOCe of just one or 

[WO members kept him from getting a 
bid. " If one guy doesn'llike you,then 

you get donged I denied a bid] . I 
didn'lthink one guy would have 
that much power." he says. 

Now when he runs into 
members on campus of the 

fraternity lle wa.~ denied admis.<;i0l1 
to, he says that m:lny of lhe "brodlers" 

tell him they are angry Ihat he wa." not given a 
bid. butlhat there wu., nothing they could have 
done 10 change the "100 pen.:ent" bid policy. 

"Anytime there's a selection process it's 
always taken a.~ a renection of your..elf. People 
take it personally. Sometimes it'~ nOl." ~ly~ one 
Third College sophonlOre. 
........ CLoyally 

After rushees are given a bid. they beconle 
"pledges" and spend lhe rest of the quarter being 
initiated into the Greek world Pledge period is 
the tilllC for rushees 10 get to know Iheir pledge 
class and decide if lhe group i~ righl for them. 

"It was fun, bul il was a lot of hard work." 
says COJXL '''There wene so many activilies going 
on and you were working with a 101 of guys, and 
.you were busy all the time," he adds. 

"Basically, it's an extended support group." 
says one Warren freshman currently pledging a 
fraternity, "It's like an older brother teaching 
you the ropes and how to have a good time as 

well." 
Many initiation riluals ioclude fomlal 
afTU1nalion~ of devotion 10 the fr.llemily or 
sorority. "It wa~ like Girl Scouts." ~Iys one Muir 

"On top of 
tuition, 
housing 

and 
books, the 
last thing 
I want to 
do is pay 

for 
friends." 
-Anonymous female rushee 

senior, who ~ubsequently dropp...'d OUI of l"lCr 
pledge c1:L".,. "Everyolle wa. ... IiI-e. so fal-e. ( fell 
like (was in High School. (t wa..,ju" like thai 
skit on Saturday Night Live." 

Other studenls are ~keptical about the 
concept of complete devocion to Greek life. 
"You get put in a group and you're ~upposed 10 
lre<U them like your ~i'lers. love them. be ""fling 
to die for them, all 75 of them. Whal ( found 
when I was actually in the sorority wa. .. that ( fell 
more confined. ( wanted an outlet, not tl j:lil. lmd 
it totally fe lt like a jail- lhey told you whal you 
had to do. when you had to do it. how you h:Jd 
to dress. how mlteh you had to study. ( guess I 
was too lheareri 011 about it. I ju,t didn't gt!t it:' 
says Wool!!Cy, who pledged a sorority btlt 
dropped out before initial ion. 

SPECT \CLE S:, 

The many :Ictiviti~ involwd in b<:ing a 
pledge often exact :1 ~ignitic:lI1t tin:lI1cial burden. 
'1'he lees really discour..lged l11e, On top of 
luition. housing and books, tile h-.t thing I need 
to do is to \Xl y for tiiend'i." '-1)'S one lemale 
rushee . 

But. ~ys one fr.tlemity Mlpporter. Ihe 
prit'e of being in the Gr.:ek ~y~tel1l i~ 
well worth it. "On enteltainment 
alolle it JXly~ ofllllCre '~ unlimited 
free alcohol :11 the p.U1 ie~ and all 
tile :IClivilies and food are free." 
........ theHue 

The Inter-Fr..llemity Council 
(!FO is the wmchdog group Ih:1I 

mak~ sure 110 in:lpproprime 
behavior enteni Ru~h Week or 
Ihe pledge periexl. 111i .. :l\''oCInbly 
aho enforc~ a "dry m,h" 
policy. which me:II" no alc:ohol 
may be ~rved al ofticial nl~h 
\!vents. 

A fc:w years ago UCSO 
decided 10 take Ihe "~piri l~" OUI 
of Ru,h W.:ek. Wilh Iht! 
cooperJtion of Ihe IFe. UCSO ha, 
banned alcohol :111\I~h t!vents. 
"(t'S:1 completely dry ru,h:' -:IY, 
COJXI, "and then Ullh\! very end. 
when pledge \Xriod begins. iI 's 
1101 dry anymore. It·, vel)' wet. It 
r:tins. II pou 1',." 

''There', a lot of tlrinl..ing." 
-':IY, on\! plt!dge. "and YOll l'an 

rcfu-e. bUlth.::n you 1001.. lil..e a 
dork." 

BUI lighl hazing , Iill ".:em, to be an 
al'Cepted pan of being a pledge. 'l1lere', no 
degrading ,luff. I did MJme Ihing, Ihallllight be 
con,iclered degr..tcling. bUI they wcn: on my own 
will." ~Iys Johm,oll. 

"Every fmleill ity i~ going 10 have a lillie bit 
of hazing hcre and Ihen:. Whal I c:on,ider major 
hazing i\ when Ihey make you do something 
you really don'I waul 10 do. rve never seen 
that:' :.:Iys Pi Kappa Phi An John~on . 

"I can't really talk about it. buttllere'~ 
noching degmding:' s:ty~ one fr..ttemilY member. 
"If you have any type of a -en-e of humor. Ihen 
it's filll:. llley :llso make you do Ihing, like 
push-ups:' 

"I just did il for the fun. the p:U1ie~. tile 
chicks. whalever ilmay be. and every once in a 
while the brolherllood that ju,t huppened 10 go , 
along with it: ' 10hnMJn ~Iys. 

-Guardian reporter SergIo 
Mankita and associate featwes ecItor 

David Snow contributed to this story 

.J lherttr"l 60,,11 by 
. . Beth Cooper ~~!~~!~ 

USED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

FAX polO trOOt s~ess and over-exercise $99 BIKER JACKETS 
5(t 25¢ 

~ ~ promotes rdaxotion 
~ imprOl'es menial and ~ysical ~eal~ 
Massage As.socioles 

910 Gtand Ave., Ste. 113 
Son Dieao, CA 92109 

COSTUMES • 60's. 70's, & MORE • FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 
HAWAIIAN. MILITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COPIES SEND OR RECEIVE 
Over 100 copies lSt one sided, self I 
serve. 8.S x 11 only while 8f colored I Limit 10 Pages 

paper Based on Mailability Phone chalges extra 

--------T--------
OFF 25 %OFF 

UPS SHIPPING MOVING BOXES 
and SUPPLIES Limit 3 Boxes 

. '. 
2 LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU 
8070 t. Job Shot .. On.., 

to 'oI~, CA 92037 
I'honr. 454-1481 

fax: 4S~7n 

'11T1 fly Awnue, Suit. K 
b JoI~, CA 920)7 
Phonr. 4S4-31l1 

561-8405 
Sliding fee ,cole with ,ludenII.D. 

NcmI'_l 

C 
F 

o 
A 

o 
I 

l 
R 

S T 
M A 

U F 
I R 

F 
5 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11·6:30 '222-0220 

The "Sun " is.a!ways Trima Tan 

2TANS$2: 
One for you, One for a f':.:.ri:.:en:;:d_-::::-_ 

' F'II'SI time dents only "'ilh rhlS coupon. 10% STUDENT 

Lose 6" Guaranteed 
European Body Wrap-only $48 

Noc I temporary ",ate.- loss • Reduce ce~rte and stretch matks 

I)l5COUMT on all 
services & products 

with UCSD ID 

--------------------30TAN DAys$29 



, 

6 PECTACLE 

DESERT: 
The job market is grim, 
no matter your major 
ContInued from page 52 
have job experience coupled with 
~me gmduute srudies to make it 
today, [There i~1 no connection 
between majors and jobs without a 
gmduate education," 

Real·world job experience is 
important, but many sruden~ are 
turning to grdduate :;chool iru.tead of 
fa ing the ~Iumping economy, Jean 
Forte of the Office of Grdduate 
Studies and Research at UCSD sa~ 
that a good number of thO!>e entering 
gradU:lle !.ChooI are scared ofT by the 
job market and opt to wait it out by 
"pun;uing their love of knowledge," 

'1'here is no evidence thaI a 
mru.ter's degree in Il1O!>I discipline. 
will make a brighter job market. 
especially without work experience," 
wams Murray. He sa~ that me 
gmd sruden~ are only "buying time. 
and not necessarily enhancing their 
j b pro!>pccIS. The same cotnpetiti n 
in the job market as before i~ ~till 
there." 

Tom Caves. a Third College 
-.en I r, pl:U1' to trJvel for a year aft.:r 
gr.Jdualion and then eiller medical 
-elmol. "If you look long enough, and 
don 't have prejudic.:\, }ou'li find a 
job :U1d you ,hould accept what you 
get." he \ay\, 

"Emplo)'e~ I " at work 
experience in that particular fidd, and 
not what exotic country you vi,ited, It 
allm;Ute~ what)' II do with your 
rime." say~ Murray, 

" It 's too premature right now for u 
job." say Revelle senior Daphne 
Gal:U1g. Currently applying to 
medical !.Chools and other graduate 
progr.ullS for next year. she say~ ~he 
W:U1ts 10 get more lab experience 
before entering the job market. I r 
graduate school doe.~n·t happen. she 
plans on joining the Peace C~. 

The fact that recent college 
gr.lduates are taking low scale. low 
pay jobs that either have no relation to 
their major or do not require a college 
degree ~hou ld not devalue a college 
education. emphasiz . Murray. 
"Remember, thl: beginning is not the 
end. Right now. your job search will 
only take you through the next one or 
two yearli. not the rest of your life," he 
says. 

'1l1ink in leonS of your own 
peMnul adapciveness [when 
choosing a majorJ," Murray suggeSl.~. 
"People skip around on job trJCl~. so 
ask how you can prepare yourself 
with :I diversity of skills and interests 
to make it in Ihis world. because you 
will be doing many different things," 

LA JOLLA MARRIO 

MUlt Be 21 VIIars 
Old To Enter 

Better V I S ION with UCSD 
Eye Exams -$35 

Quality Name Brand Frames 
(30%-50% less than retail) 

Student Hea[th Services 
Optometry Clinic (neKt to Price Center) 
534·2602 
M-Th 7:30·4:00 p.m. 

UCSD Students and employees 
Some insurance accepted 

TIM" UC 0 Guarrlian 

9PM 
"Nicotine 
Rules" 

$1 
Coors 
Ugbt 
Drafts 

to required 

1825 ,,..11:1 
••• UJIIUA 
454-1711 

Monday. ONollt' r 26. 1992 

ROBERT'S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

Mon.-Fri, 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am·S pm 

lE 

" ....... MCIIIGIO& 
w. UN If10 r~ Kenda111 

~I '0 0Uf' Customtfl. 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs· with this coupon 

-Excepl motor and trnnsm i ion u\'l·rhnul. 
Not vatid with any other coupon. 

1\ I \11 /( () \1/ I H \!I R \ III ,\ \IIRIIR III I \ ( /I \ \ {, / " 
WEDNESDAY NIGHTS frHI 6 to 10 PM .. 

UCSD NIGH' 
at ~~\l. ~4(}~ ~~~ J)()~ 

~ 

CHEESE Dun 

" 

PIZZAS' 
De! Mar HeIghts Rd. i Nt 0 S1UfT $5.99 ~ IUD ~ ~ uc ~ \ with proor or 2 t) SO 0 

I : 'I-1il ( \Inlll ( (II \ lin I{II \1)· 1'lIil\1 481.STUFT 

Greek 
Columns 

Next 
GREEK 
COLUMNS 
NOV. 5th 

Monday, October 26, 1992 The UCSD Guardian SPECTACLE S7 

At Microsoft, Today's "Do"s 
Were Yesterday's "Dorrt"s. 

You've always wanted to know how 
things work from the inside, out. You used 
to get in trouble for it. 

At Microsoft, you'll get rewarded. 
We still want you to take things apart. 

Only now, you can apply your curiosity 
and intelligence to put them back together 
even better. 

Every day, you'll get the opportunity to 

use your talents to improve Microsoft® 
prpducts . Getting totally immersed in 
every aspect of their creatron. Sound like 
an ideal job? It should. After all, it 's been 
your passion since you were a kid. 

Come find out more about Microsoft by 
attending our upcoming event. 

Microsoft is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer and supports workforce diversity. 



8 PECTACLE 

Academic Servtc:. 
Monday through Friday 

• 8 a.m.4 :30 p.m . - TlMOASIS WrltllWCente r ls 
a free service for all UCSD students. We offer one-
to-one writing conferences for any type of writing 
project - academic papers. personal statements. 
even stories and poems. Our sl8tf of trained under· 
graduates. woo come from a variety of academic 
disciplines. can help you become a more effectIVe 
writer. Call 534-2284 to make an appointment or 
drop by our office In the old Student Center. BUilding 
B. Room 214. 
. 8 a.m.4 .30 p.m. (Friday ·3 p .m .) - TIle OASIS 

~ Prccr..-n provideS assistance to those 
doing work In Japanese. German. Span sh. French 
and Vietnamese. A diagnostic test on written En-
glish Is available on request. Call 534·2284 for Info. 
. 8 a.m.4 :30 p.m. - The OASIS Scholars' W rltlnl 
WortIaIIop provides free Indlv and group confer· 
ences to assist students With writing projects. SWW 
also offers free word processing facllilles and com-
puter assistance. Stop by York Hall 4070 or call 
534·7344 to schedule an apPOintment. 
.8:30a.m.4 :30p.m.- Let OASISStuclyM~. 
ment Center help you this Quarterwlth time manage-
ment. note hIking and editing. textbook analysis. 
memory. 0 ~Ible/speed reading. vocabulary devel· 
opment and GRE/ LSAT/ MCAT v rbal comprehen-
sion. Stop by York Hall 4010 orcall 534·7344 to set 
up a personal ppolntment. AlsO - stay on the 
lookout for those valuable OASIS Study Skills Work· 
shop and the GRE w ekend specl Is 
. 9 a.m.·4 p.m . - The Associat ed Si udents Intern-
ship OffIce encourages undergraduates and gradu 

tes in all m jors to take advantage of our services. 
Leam how an Internship can prOllld you with th 
experience and job tralOing that a clils~room educ 
tion cannot offer. We can also help you Improve your 
resume. cover letter and resum skills . M DkIOg 
contacts nd g ttlng hands·on work xp fI .. nce 
Increas s your chances for postgradudt employ 
ment. Apply now for Winter Qu rter Int mshlp In 
San 01 go. Application DEADLINES: FuddY. Oct 23. 
Drop by our office or call 534 4689 Price Center 3rd 
noor. Room 3.303. 
. 9 a.1l1 <I pm. Muir Colle,e Wrltine Procram 
lottery "ppllcatlon period for Winter QUJrter93 
writing (Ia s s Fill out and suomltloll Iy ' lIcket - at 
HSS 2346 ,Ind I; ·t 1liI0101ation on when to return for 
1I0ttery Ihults 

Tuesda . Oct 27 
• 3-3:50 p.m. - Overview of Study Mana,ement 
Strate,le.: OASIS Study Man gem nt Center. York 
Hall 4010. Prereglstr ill/On r('Commended. 534·7344 . 

~~ ol1l1:.day. Oct. 28 
. 3-3:50 p.m. - Study Sirate&\es for lhe HumanI-
t ies: OASIS Study Man · gement C nter. York Hall 
4010. Prer glstratlOn r commended. 534·7344 . 

Thur day Oct. 29 
. 1·1:50 p 01 - leclure/ Notetaklne: OASIS Study 
Managelnent Center. York Hall 4010. Preregls tra-
lIOn recommend d . 534 7344 . 

F"day. Oct 30 
• 2·2 :50 p.m. - Infoonatlon ProeesslnC/Text 
AnalysIs : O"SIS Study Manag men! Center. York 
Hall 4010. Plereglstr81/onrecomm nded.534·7344 
• l(HO;50 a m. - Exam Pre pol ration: OASIS 
Study Managem nt Center. York Hall 4010. Prereg· 
Istrat lon recommended. 5347344 

Servlces/Workshops 
MOfld.:r.Fn(!h 

. 8 a.m.·2 pm - SIGI+ Computer-based program 
of career Informat ion designed to help you clarify 
your skills. values and Interest. For more Infornla-
lion. come to the Career Services Center. $10. 
. 1:304 p.m. - DROP-IN ADVISING HOURS - For 
help with career goals. Job hunting. resum6 prepara-
tion or exploring profeSSional or graduate school 
opportunities. No appointment needed. just walk In 
to the Career Services Center. 
• MENTOR: If you ' re graduating thiS Quarter and job-
seeking. we'lI match you with a professional in your 
field of Inter st who will get you s tarted networking 
In the local job market. Sign up at reference room 
desk. Career Center. 

Monday. Oct.26 
• 11 a.m.·12 p.m . - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
INDIVIDUAL PEER COUNSEUNG With Chelr . Drop by 
our office next to the Price Center Libfilry Lounge or 
call 534·3978 to make an appointment. 
• 1 :30 p.m. - MARKETABLE RESUME - Learn 
how to make a positive first impression With your 
resum6. Career Services Center. 
• 2·2:30 p.m. - ROMANTIC SKIlLS COPING 
GROUP: To teach ways to create and maintain 
r latlonshlps and overcome breakups. Leaders: 
Beverly Harju. 534-6493. and Dan Berkow. Call for 
slgn-up. 
• 3:3()'5 p.m. - SLACK FEMINIST FOCUS: Group 
for African American women who Wish to e plore 
femlnlst/womanlst perspectives. Leader: EQuilia 
Luke. 534·3585. Call before coming. 
. 4-5 p.m. - SLATE - Senior Liberal Arts Training 
for Employment. This workshop. espeCially designed 
for liberal arts majors. will get you focused on a 
career field and ready to look for work Injust five one-
hour sessions. Career Services Center. 
• 4·5 :30 p.m. - MIND/ BODY CONNECnONS: 
Becoming more aware of stress. self·defeating attl· 
tudes and habits and learning relaxation. Five week 
series. Leader: Beverly Ha~u . 534·3755. 

Tuesday. Oct. 27 
• 11 a.m.·2 p.m . - PROFESSIONAL AND GRADU-
ATE SCHOOL FAIR at the Career Center Plaza. 
• 12·1:30 p.m . - OVERCOMING COMPULSIVE 
EATING: Group for women who diet and binge. Focus 
on developing coping skills. Leader: Equilia Luke. 
534-3585. 
. 1·2 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL INDIVIDUAL 
PEER COUNSEUNG with Steve. Drop by our office 
next to the Price Center Library Lounge or call 534-
3987. 
• 1·2 :30 p.m. - WOMEN MOlESTED AS CHIL-
DREN: A group for women survivors of chlldhood/ 
adolescent sexual abuse . Leaders : Miri am 
losopovici . 534-0255. and Jane Parr. Call for sign-
up. 

Tht' UC 0 Guardia n 

the Weeki Calendar 

Illustration by Adriano Munoz 
. 1:30 p.m. - JOB SEARCH 101 - 80 percent of 
all job vacancl S are unadvertised. This workshop 
will teach you the most effective ways to find them. 
• 2 :30 p.m. - SPECIAL GRADUATE SCHOOL 
OPPORTUNITIES FOR UNDERREPRESENTED 
GROUPS: Panel discussion on key Issues related 
to graduate school opportunities. will feature a 
professor. a graduate student and an admissions 
officer. Career Services Center. 
. 34 .30 p.m. - UNDERGRADUATE GROWTH 
GROUP: A group for undergraduate students who 
have had IndiVidual counseling and are ready to 
explore Issues in a group context. Leaders: Lindsay 
C lderon. 534-0249. and Beverly McCreary. Call 
for sign-up. 
• ... 6:30 p.m. - UNDERGRADUATE WOMEN'S 
THERAPY GROUP: A group focusing on relation-
ships. self-esteem. assertiveness and female lden· 
tlty. Leader: EQuilia Luke. 534·3585. Call for sign-
up. 

Wednesday. Oct. 28 
• 11 a.m.·12:30 p.m . - GRADUATE SUPPORT 
GROUP: A group for men and women graduate 
students experlencelng frustration. fear. disap-
pointment and loneliness In their graduate pro-
grams. Leader: Hugh Pates. 534·3456. and Robin 
Reed-Spaulding. 534-3755. Call for slgrHIp. 
. 12 a.m. - SCHOOl: How to PrefNIre and Apply: 
DiSCUSSion on admission procedures. application 
strategies and school selection, Career Services 
Center. 
• 1·2 :30 p.m. - GRADUATE MEN 'S AND 
WOMEN'S GROUP: A group for graduate students 
Interested 10 exploring relat ionships. academlc/ 
profeSSional Issues and personal concerns. Lead-
ers: Miriam losupovici. 534·'()255. and Alvin Alvarez. 
Call for sign-up. 
• 1·2 p.m. - L£SBIAN GAY BISEXUAL PEER 
COUNSEUNG With DaVid. Drop by our office next to 
the Price Center library Lounge or call 534-3987 to 
make an appointment. 
• 1·2 :30 p.m. - GRADUATE MEN'S and WOMEN'S 
GROUP: A group for graduate students interested 
In explOring relationships. academic/ professional 
Issues and personal concerns. Leaders: MIriam 
losupovlcl . 5J4.0255. and Alvin Alvarez . Call for 
slgn-up. 
• 34 :30 p.m. - LOSS AND MOURNING: A group 
for students who wish to explore new ways to grieve 
the death of a loved one. Leader: Robin Reed· 
Spaulding. 534'()256. Call for sign-up. 
. 3 · 4 :30 p.m . - CHICANO/ A LATINO/ A 
MUlnCUlTURAl SUPPORT GROUP: To diSCUSS 
relationships. familia. parents. economics, self· 
expectations and mere. Leader: Dan Munoz. 534· 
1579. 
• 4·5 p.m . - SLATE - Senior liberal Arts Training 
for Employment. This workshop. especially de-
signed for liberal arts majors. will get you focused 
on a career field and ready to look for work In just 
five one-hour sessions. In the Career Services 
Center. 
• 5·6 :30 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
WOMEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: A confidential weekly 
drop-in group open to all UCSD students. A friendly 
atmosphere where you can openly discuss ques· 
tions of your sexuality. Led by Chell and Lisa at the 
Irvine Room. 2nd floor Price Center. 
• 6 :3().8 p.m. - GAY • BISEXUAl MEN'S SUP-
PORT GROUP: A weekly support group led by David 
and Steve In a safe. supportive and confidential 
environment. Student Center B. lower level confer· 
ence room. 

Thursday. Oct. 29 
• 10:3()'2 p .m . - SCIENCE/TECHNICAl JOB 
FAIR: Employers Will meet Informally with englOeer· 
ing. computer science. math and SCience majors to 
discuss potenllal job openings With their compa-
nies. Great opportunity to learn more about emplO)l-
ers. Bring your resume. Price Center Ballroomf' 
• 12·1 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY AND BISEXUAL 
PEER COUNSEUNG With lisa. Drop by our office 
next to the Price Center Library Lounge or call 534-
3987 to make an aPPOintment. 
• 12·1:30 p .m . - PAN-ASIAN COMMUNITY FO-
RUM: Drop-In group addressing concerns of Aslan/ 
Pacific Islander students. leaders: Janne Manese. 
534-3035. and Alvin Alvarez . 
• 12 p.m. - NEWII APPUCAnON BASICS: An 
advisor will discuss critical aspects of the applica-
tion process. Career Services Center. 
• 3-5 p.m. - SOCIAlSKILLS WORKSHOP: A group 
focusing on developing social skills. Leader: Lind· 
say Calderon. 5J4.0249. Call for info. 

Friday. Oct. 23 
• 8-9:30 a.m . - WOMEN MOlESTED AS CHIl· 
OREN: For survivors of childhood/adolescent sexual 
abuse. Leaders: Beverly Harju. 534-2237. and Rick 
Whitehill . 534"()248. Call for sign-up. 412 MMC. 
• 1 p.m. - O~AMERA INTERVIEWING SKIUS 
FOR EMPLOYMENT: Using video. Improve your 
technique through practive and valuable feedback. 
Prerequisite: Interviewing Skills Workshop. Sign up 
at Reference Room desk. Career Services Center. 
• 1:3()'3:30 p.m. - DIAGNOSING YOUR HEALTH 
CAREER - find out how various health careers 
match your Interests and skills. Job outlooks. 
salaries and more information presented . Career 
Services Center. 
. 24 p.m. - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
GROUP: Supportive environment for discussing 
problems related to alcohol and substance abuse. 
Leader: Dan Munoz. 534-1579. Revelle Provost's 
Office. 
• 4-6 p.m. - CAMPUS SLACK FORUM: Informal 
group for African-American students. Leader: Phil 

. Raphael . 534"()252. Mountain View Lounge. 
Saturday. Oct. 31 

• 11 a.m. - SAHAJA YOGA will present a FREE 
MEDITATION PROGRAM that is open to all. The 
purpose of the program is to experience self· 
realization and to understand how meditation can 
enhance your life. It IS simple and anyone can do it. 
Davis/ Riverside Room (second floor. Price Center). 

Clubs & Meetl",. 
Monday. Oct. 26 

• 5 :3()'6:30 p.m . - Auoc:latlon of Student Em-
pIo~ General Membership Meeting at tile Revelle 
Formal Lounge. Free food. 
. 6 :30 p.m. - Model United Nltlons '""tine In 
the Berkeley Room to prepare for the conference on 
Nov.1J.15. 
• 7 p.m. - lGBA BusIMu MeetJnp - Get 
inVOlved with LGBA. you 'lI make friends and have a 
great time. Meetings at WRC. 

Tuesday. Ocr. 27 
• 6 p.m. - GRADUATE STUDENT ASSOCIAnON 
Council Meeting to be held in the Student Leader· 
ship Chambers. Call 53«)504 for more Info. 

Wednesday. Oct. 28 
• 4-6 p.m. - All welcome! Student AfllrnNIthe 
Action CommItt .. Meeting. PrIce Center. Gallery 
A. 
• 7 p.m. - CtlIneM Student AIIOCIatIon General 
Meeting: York Hall 2622. Discuss past events. find 

Munclay. Oc·lul ... 1' 2f1. 1992 

out about NO\I. activit ies and help us plan for Winter 
Quarter. Everyone welcome . 
. 9 pm. - Come to HMIcote Student film Club 
meetings. MCC 139. -Cheaper than fraterMies . 
better than sex.-

Friday. Oct. 30 
• &8 pm. - MUIHm Student AMoclatlon's General 
Meellng Will be held In the Price Center. Davi5-
Riverside Room. 

.... Ith and FItneu 
Monday-Frrday 

• Do you want it fast? Do you want It easy? Get a FREE 
fit Stop phys ical fitness evaluation now by signing up 
on the second floor of Student Helath . See how you 
stack up aga nst the competition. 

Monday· Thursday 
• Do )ou ever Sit and ponder how a beautiful act of 
torrid passion can leave you With an Infection? Well . 
it car> New ponder - how many new and excit lna 
ways can you put on a condom? Run fast to the 
Women's Sexual Hellth Info Sesalon and receive a 
free condom to start your trials with! Student Health 
Service. Call 534·1824. Mon. 2 p.m.: Tues. 10 a.m. 
and 1 p .m.: Wed 11 a.m. and 1 p.m.: Thurs. 10 a.m. 
and 1 p.m . 

Lec:tures 
Thursday. Oct. 29 

. 7 p.m. - LeadershIp Semlnl r: EFFECTIVE PUB-
UCITY AND ADVERnSING: Jan Stamm. Director of 
Marketing and Recreation . Proper knowledge of a few 
Simple tools Will enable you to prepare effective Oyers 
and b nners to attract participants to your special 
evento; and learn how to delsgn you own artwork from 
an expert. 

Events and Recreation 
Monday. Oct. 26 

• 7·9 p.m . - DANCEI Ballroom Dance Club s Hallow· 
een Dance at the Price Center Ballroom. Costumes 
optIOnaL FREE! 

Tuesday. Oct. 27 
. 79.30 p.m. - Alcohol AWl reness Week Movie 
Night: Postcards from the Edge. This one's on us! 
Come support alcohol awareness. Price Center Bal~ 
room B. 

Wednesday. Oct. 28 
. 7 .3()'9 :30 a.m. - The Wan en CoIle,e Commuter 
Breakfast Is back! Here 's your chance to discuss 
commuter Issues With fellow commuter students I 50 
cents for all you can eat! 2nd floor Lit. Bldg. Confar· 
ence Room. 
. 11 a.m .·l p.m. - Moektall Competit ion : Campus 
student groups and student organizations will be 
hosting an annual contest to offer alternatives to 
alcohol: mocktalls. Please stop by to sample these 
tasty aclohol·aware treats. Price Center Plaza. 
• 12 p.m . - Lunch on t he Hump - Come out and 
eat lunch with LGBA in one of Its favorite traditions. 
Bring your own food. 
. 6 p.m. -12 Gua,e Persuilion will be playing a 
free show at the Grove Catte during happy hour. 
• 7:3()'9 :30 p.m. - Israeli Dances: Come dance. 
laugh and Just hang out at the Pepper Canyon Lodge. 
. 8 p.m . - Culture Clash, a trio of comedic artists 
who base their creative wor!< In Chicano humor. 
appe rs in the Mandeville Auditorium. 
• 8 p m . - UCSD Theatre presents ~TIIe FlrebuCl~ 
by Max Frish and directed by undergraduate Michael 
Shwartz. It Is about Gottlieb Bredermann. an Indl· 
vidual who is representative of the middle classes 
and Is uncapable of action. 409 Studio Theatre . 

Friday. Oct. 30 
• 11 a.m .·2 p.m. - Alcohol Awareness Week Fair 
in tile Price Center Plaza: Come and join the party and 
be alcohol aware. 
• 8 p.m . - Former hostage Terry Wllte will speak 
at 8 p:m . In the Price Center Ballroom. Tickets are 
$13 for students. 
. 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. -UCSDTheatre presents ~The 

Flrebu,.~ by Max Frish and directed by undergradu· 
ate Michael Shwartz. 409 Studio Theatre. 

Saturday. Oct. 31 
. 3 p.m . - Two free tours of the UCSD campus. one 
by bus. one on foot. are offered this fall by the UCSD 
ViS it ors Program. The bus tours are the first and third 
Sundays of each month from the Gilman Information 
Pavilion. The walking tours are on alternate Sundays 
from the Gilman Infonmation Pavilion. Reservations: 
call 534-4414 . 
. 8 p.m . - The Undsay Strln, Quartet will perform 
a new work by Sir Michael Tippit. -Quartet NO.5. - In 
Mandevi lle Auditorium. Also included is Haydn's 
Quartet In C. Op. 20. No. 2 and Schubert's Quartet In 
o minor. No. 14. D. 810: - Death and the Malden . 
. 8 p.m . - UCSD Theatre presents ~The Flrebup" 
by Max Frish and directed by undergraduate Michael 
Shw rtz. 409 Studio Theatre. 

Rell,lous Funct ions 
Monday. Oct. 26 

• 7 p.m. - Allan Amerlc l n Christian Fellowship 
Prayer M.etln, In Solis 107 Topic : How to fight sin? 

Tuesday. Oct. 27 
. 12·1 p.m. - BlbteStudy In the book of II Cor. Price 
Center Santa Barbara Room. 

Wednesday. Oct. 28 
• 6 p.m . - Supper served to hungry students by 
townspeople of the Lutheran community. University 
Lutheran ChurCh. across from Revelle College . 
• 7 p.m . - BIble ltudy sponsored by lutheran 
Campus Ministry. All are welcome. University Lutheran 
Church. across from Revelle COllege. 
. 8 p.m . - ~How DIcI W. Get He,.? A Corrtemporary 
Perspective of the Creation and Creator," presented 
by Pastor John Huber. Everyone is welcome. Univer· 
sity Lutheran Church. across from Revelle College. 

Friday. Oct. 30 
• 12 p.m. - lilamic FrIU, Prayer in the Price 
Center. Call Yusuf at 4504681. 
. 12 p.m . - Salatul JUlNI'a to be held at Half Dome. 
next to MOM - Muir College. Anyone welcome. 

SundllY. Nov. 1 
• 10 : 15 a. m. - l&rtIIerlll celebration 01 tile F_U. 
VII of An Saints. University Lutheran Church . across 
from Revelle College. 


