
INSIDE ••• 
OPINION 

Two-Faced 
Much has been said and 

written about die IeCent 
COI'III'Oversy over die Sisma 
Alpha Epsilon's winIer 
calendar eX events. People 
have been stumblina all 
over themselves trying to 
lay die blame for this most 
recent debacle, and the 
consensus seems to be 
pointing to "society." But 
there is more to it than that. 
When SAE complains that 
the recent negative cov-
erage is the ~uJt of anti-
fraremity bias. it fails to 
reaUze that it has brought 
this new storm of criticism 
upm itself, PAGE 4 

HiATUS 

Take a BIg DIp 
WbII's all the fuss over 

Belmont Parte? After all, the 
park's only i~g 
auraction is the "'Giant 
Dipper" roUer coasIer thal 
has a past of being closed. 
vandalized and set 011 fire. 
Though the history of die 
park's f~ aIInICdon 
seems intaating, visitina 
Belmont for die amuse-
ments isn', • fun as 
visitina it to see the 
stereolypicaIlOUIham 
Califomilns / PMI tIS. 

SPORTS 

UCSO', women', 
bubdIIII .... ended ill 
.... willi ill ~_ wiD 
ill a avw.a 99-" wiIa over 
La V .. , • 

INDEX 
................. 1 

OIllll-.lfOtl •••••••••••••••••••• 4 
1& ....................... . 
lID ......................... . 
CII .................. U: 

Watson Named SJSU Finalist 
• UCSD student leaders express concem over Watson 's 
recent history at UCSD; staff members show support 
By EItc ScInIdt 
Associllte News Editor 

Vice ChanceUorofUndergradu-
ate Affairs Joseph Watson was 
named one of six finalists for the 
position of president of San Jose 
State University Tuesday. 

Watson and five other top uni-
versity administrators were chosen 
from a pool of over 100 applicants 
to make finalist standing. The Cali-
fornia State University ystem will 
announce its final presidential se-
lection on March 17. 

"I would hate to lose Joe. I want 
him tosuccecd, but I'm not happy at 
the thought of his leaving," said 
UCSD Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson. 

Other candidates being consid-
ered for president include: Dori 
Michiko Oting, vice president of 
student affairs at the University of 
Hawaii, Manoa; Tomas Arciniega. 
president of Cal State Bakersfield; 
Shiela Kaplan, chancellor of the 
University of Wisconsin, Parkside; 
Ruth Leventhal, provo t/dean of 

Penn State, Harrisburg; and Gerry 
Meidels, provost of the University 
of South Horida. 

The position opened following 
the September retirement of Gayle 
Fullerton, who was president of the 
university for 13 years. J. Hanel 
Evans is the interim president. 

Overthe next week, the six presi-
dential candidates will interview and 
tour at SJSU. Watson will travel to 
San Jose this Monday. 

According to a leadership state-
ment prepared by the SJSU Presi-
dential Advisory Search Commit-
tee, an SJSU president should be 

See WATSON, Page 7 

File Photo 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joseph Watson 

Demonstrating Affection Court Hearings 
On Prince Begin 
• Man charged with "Claire mont Killings" examined on 
32 felony counts, including murder, rape and perjury 
By Jaon Snell 
Senior Staff Writer 

Cleophus Prince, Jr., an Alabama 
man charged with being theso-<:alIed 
"Clairemont Killer," began his pre-
liminary hearing in a San Diego 
courtroom Monday, more than two 
years after the serie of murders 
struck fear in the hearts of women 
throughout Clairemont, University 
City and UCSD. 

Prince is charged with 32 felony 
counts, including the murder of 

UCSD student Janene Marie Wein-
hold. He is also charged with five 
other murders, 13 residential bur-
glaries, six attempted burglaries,two 
counts of indecent exposure, one 
count of assault with a deadly weap-
on, rape, battery, po session of a 
weapon in jail and perjury. 

In addition to testimony from 
acquaintances of Prince and people 
who may have seen Prince near the 
murder scenes, Deputy District At-

See PRINCE, Page 8 

UCSA Protests Fees 
At Sacramento Summit 
• Rally in connection with UCSA annual summit 
held to lobby student interests in the state congress 
By David Snow 
Staff Writer 

LGBA members and friends gathered at the Price Center yesterday 
for a MKiss-in," In which both homosexual couples and good 
friends showed their affection and love for one another. See story, 
page 3. 

Seventeen students were arrested 
Monday after storming the state 
capitol building in Sacramento in 
protest of rising University of Cali-
fornia and Califomia State Univer-
sity fees. 

uate and graduate tudenls partici-
pated in the protest and lobby activ-
ities Monday. They were joined by 
an estimated 600 students repre-
senting all nine UC campuses and 
20 CSU campuses. 

University of Cali fomi a Student 
Association (UCSA) Vice President 

See PROTEST, Page 8 More than 50 UCSD undergrad-

Campus Sweat Lodge Causes Uproar 
• Native Americans say attempt to 
recreate traditions behind Che Cafe 
is potential misuse of sacred ways 
By F'rIIICIIco DeW. 
Starr Writer 

Native American groups are crying foul over 
a tw~year-old Indian-style sweat lodge behind 
the Ole Caf~. Native Americans feel the struc-
ture is an offense to their sacred traditions and 
have asked to meet today with the students 
involved with iL 

The sweat lodge is a large hole in the ground 
fashioned into a kind of sauna. SlUdents cover the 
entrance and pour water over hot rocks inside the 
structure to create stearn. Most students who use 
the lodge say they strip down naked and spend 
their time inside chmting and singing songs. 
They say the idea is modeled after a Native 
American religious tradition. 

The UCSD Native American Student Alli-

ance (NASA), though, is ve.ry concerned with the 
way in which students have been using a sacred 
Indian ritual. "As Native Americans we cannot 
allow such potential misuse of our sacred tradi-
tional ways," said NASA chair and Warren Col-
lege senior MariJyn Kein. The Navajo Tribe 
member from New Mexico went on to explain 
that "people don't really know how they're hurt-
ing us. We are trying to survive as Native 
Americans ... people are naive about these types 
of things." 

Kein Ialuested the meeting with students 
involved with the sweat lodge after consultations 
with tribal elders. In her opinion, the meeting is 
to help "build an understanding of what is neces-
sary to show proper respect for the ceremony and 
to draw up an agreement that will prevent users 
of the lodge from using the sweat unless a quali-
fied person is present." 

Campbell Thompson, a student who helped to 
See LODGE, Page 3 

o.t McDOMII/Guardian 
Students built this Msweat lodge" In which they 
say they practice chants and songs. 



1 NEWS 

, . . . .. 

~ •• I. • ~. , .' • 

UCLA Cllmealor Removes MEehl 
Rom ChIcmo ada. Maaae 

LOS ANOPUS - UaiversiIy police -s ua.A 
<lIInceI1or a.tea Youna onIcred ICwnI Cbiclao ICU-
denlsro awa meecinalastweek in wbicbbe-SahMdful 
of Latino professors discuSIed a propoeal for a Cbicano 
Studies depar1menL 

Afks YounatoldlWOMEChAmembersdlallbeycouid 
not participate in !he mee6ns. they IeIUIDed with 13 oIher 
members to deliver a IeUellUIJPOI1inIthe creaIioa of. 
department. 

"I don't go to their house uninvited, but they COOIC 
uninvited [to my events) quite often." said a disturbed 
Young after talking to MEOlA members outlide the 
privately-owncd faculty club. !he site of the meetin,. 

MEOlA members arped IbM II IeMI one srudenI 
represenlalive should have been able 10 8Itend the meeting 
since the faJe of the OJicano Studies depar1meot din:ctly 
affcct5 their cducaaion and community. 

Allhough the faculty members II the meeting said they 
would welcome student participation. !he chancellor had 
the final word on who couJd attend, several MEOlA 
members said. 
Doaments Show UCSB 0fIIcIaIs 
DIsa.aedSellrCs.IgwIckProperty 

SANTA BARBARA - A1lhough UC SanIa Barbara 
offICials have denied that they ~ considering the sale of 
the COfluoversiai Sedgwick ranch propeny. documents 
released earlier this month revealed that discussions ~ 
garding sale of the land have been going on since last June. 

The documents - which were released after John 
Ooud. chair of the Friends of Sedgwick organization. 
made a fonnal requesa for them two mondw ago - have 
raised questions about what UCSB officials Ire discussing 
privately and whallhey have told tbe public. 

The ranch, IocIIICd in the Sanra Ynez Valley. WIll pan of 
theeslalC Francis Sedgwick willed to UCSB upon hisdealh 
in 1967. Controversy ignited when the university prompted 
a cowt ruling in 1990 that overturned the clause in the will 

The UCSD G..,u. 

prohibilina Ibe ...... sale. 
In a December ima'view. UCSB AaIdemic SenaIe a.ir 

Duncaa Mellidwnp said. ""No cae -1UJIC*d [dial die 
land) be soId." Howe¥er. in Ieaas be wnJIelO UCSB a-. 
ceUor Bart.a IJdIIiIw, ~ dilcumd Ibe cu ..... 
cialvalucoflbe .... aadO' .. inedbow1beS.loo..c.sqwick 
property aJUId .. dividDd_ .... 

MelIicMmp laid be dilcusted !he sale of a ponioa of Ibe 
property to auppon a reaervc for Ibc .... of it. bill denied IhIII 
he ever ptopo&ed .woa!be pIOpeIty. 

Ooudsaid ... doa_Ibow .... COIIIpirIcylOseIIlbe 
land WIll coveaed up. 

"'(be recurriDa tbeme of tbeIe ctoa_ is. 'How c:aa we 
ICII tbe IOU""" amoua& oIlaadT 1b= is • ayI'OIDa'ic 
aaempt to uadcmIine Ibe .... ~Ibe wiIl," Cloud said. 

MIn WNtiald Jazz trio to Pel bill 
S&nIay In the PrIce Center BaInJom 

Twenty-four-yar-old gW&.isl Mark Whitfield will join 
his Jazz Trio in prescnling acombinalion of jazz. blues, R&B 
and gospel in the Price CaJter Ballroom Sunday nigN. 

Whitfldd has played with Diu)' GiUespie. Spyro Gyra. 
Mel Tonne and Sonny Rollins. In the past. his style has been 
compared to the likes of George Bcnson. Wes Montgomery 
and Wymon Marsalis. 

The Mar. I show srarts II 8 pm. TICkets are available 
through the UCSD 80Jt Office and TICketMaster oudeIs. 
Rfth CoIege to CeIobiate Leap Year 
WIth Quadra.1IaI Leap Saturday 

FIfth CoUege PIopnming BoIRf willl10lll QuadraWa1 
Leap. the celebraboo of leap year, at7 p.m. on Satuntay, Feb. 
29 in the Pepper OInyon Plaza. 

Quadrennial Leap will include three bMds. 8 disc-jockey. 
food. games and a tiee raffle of two airline tickets to San 
Francisco or Las Vegas, all in • carnival-ltyle abD05phere. 

Scbeduled bmds include Laxtona Superb. o.n,buItcn 
and ModanZoo. The ... will awt. 8 p.m. and the..., 
wiD continue UIlbl midniJht. ~ wiD be 110 admission 
charge to the open evcm. For IOCR infonnaIion. call the 
student activities office of Fifth CoI1ege It 534-8191. 

Weekend Weather Watch 

• The ~ fa' Friday. 
Sabmrj, In1 &niay In &.l 

~C<xny. 1--
Surf Forecast 

...... 
(Seconds) 
15 

Surfing Conditions: \( 
GOOD • \ 

. , '. 
~ \ 

- <> ' I)~ ~ 
C~- C~S . 

.' . 
. 

() .' 

" 

. , 

~l: '0 

o -

Average temperatures for ... / air are: 

.... 
DIr ...... 
w 

f>,. 
., .' ' 

58/65 

'Thanday, PcbnJMy 27,1992 

C U.I~"'DIMd"'."'''''' 
AIIIIIr, ,., 21: 
1:13 a.m.: A student ~ the theft of a '90 
Honda CIvIc from Lot 304. 
l.:4S a.m.: A IIUdent rwported the bulJ&lelY of a 
~~~Lou:$460. 
4:24 a.m.; A male ~ aurr..d an epIIeQtic 
.... In his RfttI CoIIeIe ..... 118I'lt. He was 
ttanIpOfted to SaIpps MemodaI HospItal by ambu-
lance. 
2:30 p.m.: A student rwported the theft of an ·88 
Honda Prelude from Lot 208. Loss: $U.OOO. 
2:30 p.m.: M unknown 81 aspect ran (N8I and dam-
aced a u1board In Lot 002. 
11:35 p.m.: A female student reported two ObsCene 
messaees left on her telephone an~ machine 
at Third CoItece Apa1ments. 
1M2 da,. Feb. 22: 
3:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of an '86 
Mazda from Lot 305. Loss: $550. 
......,.,.,23: 
12:15 s.m.: A student reported the theft of an '88 
NIsaan from Lot 208. Loss: $4.000. 
M171 i. Feb. 24: 
8:31 a.m.: A staff member reported the theft of 
computer equipment from Mayer Hall. Loss: $4.258. 
10:00 a.m.: Art '88 Nlssan stolen from UCSD was 
recovered In Lot 207. . 
5:52 p.m.: A ~ar~1d male custodian was arrested 
for a felony nan:otk:s warrant at Ritter Hall. 
,......,.,.,-
9:00 p.m.: A 24-year-old non-atIIliate was arrested for 
battery of a security guard at the Price Center. 

ERRATUM 
In the attIcIe -TGs WIth Beer Could Include Anti-

one Theme- In the Feb. 24 Issue of the GuaUian. 
two quotes were mistakenly 8ltrIbuted to UCSD 
PolIce Qdef John Ander8on. The qU0C8S should 
ha'e been Cf8dIted to AssIstant Chief of PolIce JI!ty 
D)<er. The GulWlan reervts the error. 

G7le fA iI" ... '1IIr. T U B.D.uu:~ 
MION IfEU., ... h CNtJI 
PEIER 10 ..... at .... 
lEN ai:m:HuK, ...., ... 
.1MB cal!fR, ....,. a.ar 
Lw.t FRANEY, CGpya... 
1IIWf UUNa. 4f1C4 ' IF ,.""" EIIIiDI 
JC&PH URCM. ,.""" ... 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ... EdIDr 
CtERYL HOCIIMN, A •• ~c"" CGpy &liar 
- MAPES, 4 .. w .... 1'IttIIJo &liar 
... MARCELO •• a;Mw &liar 
OM MaKMEU., 1'IttIIJo ... 
KEN PERlMAN, .,. &IfIar 
QIRISTCIIER .. FiL4 AIIGC .... .,.&IfIar 
IRE'IT RHYNE, ".. .... EdIDr AWFI'. ROVA, A __ ...,.. EdIDr 
ERIC~, A.oc'.'F NIM EIIIiDI 
SHERYL WOLOOTT. 4 ...... Mrw8 EdIDr 
WHEN WONG., AFFIIIl_ ,.""" EIIIiDI 
GRIDG WIEM, 4.," Spaa &IfIar 
___ z.ctwy 1Ienun. a-y., !lift. MoIInde -. IM1I 
-, - ~, __ ~ PeuI -.op SIUIIIUIot, Jeff v.......,.. 
__ o.tn __ . 51,-~, __ DonII>oe . ..... 
E1IIn. Den CI«*f, KI_ H-.on, Den -.. PIIiIip _ . _ 
0dInIz. __ PIwI, s..z .... _ . Trld_. _-,. K8rI Saul. DM:I_. JoIon-..y 
---.IIanCedil. R .. I\uo. c.nn~.l8IiI'Anno~. UU 
-.y. -"'MuIIoz. ~ -..... KaII'-. _ ~ 
....... - 1<Iyuoner, SIUI 1.MIe. p.,. ~. CIIuck ~. 
- v .... /InfJ ZIoI OIfr--CNa'lI._~,_-._~. 

-~ ___ H_ 
........ MitPI8IIM:~ 
................ Pllllip __ 

.. DeANDREA, "'1" .......... 

1lll1.aD..- . .......... ___ ...... _,.., ...... .. 
_ oIUCSD. .......... " .. _."" __ ._ •• __ _ 
. .......... CISl. ... _IlllIaD ........ __ ..... _" 
...... _ ... 1110_-'11 ............... _ .. ... 
....., _ ..... oI .. c.ao_ ....... "~ ... -.. 
..... 1III1.aD_._ ........... "" ......... _ ...... , .. . 
r-.... at ............ IJ4. ..... Fa: 1J4.~ 
UCSD eu.dIn, Il00 ..... DIM 0318, 

u .... CA 92093-0316 
__ ...... ___ UCID ...... c....-.. 'A' 

Tbunday, February 27,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

LGBA Holds Kiss-ln at Price Center 
By ............. 
SMfor Staff ~ 

Members of the UCSD Lesbian. 
Gay and Bisexual Association 
(LGBA) staged a "kiss-in" at noon 
yesterday in the Price Center, in an 
Iltempt to bring themselves to the 
Iltention of the general public. 

About eight couples. both h0-
mosexual and j)eterosexual. gath-
ered to e'lpress affection publicly 
by kissing. holding hands and hug-
ging after a short speech by LGBA 
members Jean Pierre Montagne and 
Deborah Kirkham . 

"The kiss-in is a ileat demon-
strationof affection," said Kirkham. 
addressing the food court·s lunch 
crowd. "We're here to promote vis· 
ibility:' 

In addition to rai ing awareness. 
the organizers intended the kiss· in 
to educate people about gay and 
lesbian love. according to Chandan 
Reddy, LGBA's internal affairsdi-
rector. 

"We want to reach out to straight 
people. 10 tell them we' re here and 
there's not really a significant dif-
ference," Montagne said. 

Montagne cited a case at a kiss· 
in at Cal State Northridge involving 
a woman from a South American 
country. 

"The kiss-in gave her the cour-
age to come out." he said. "We want 
to reach out to closeted bisexuals, 
lesbians and gays." 

LODGE 
ContInued from PICe 1 
build the sweat lodge, said he feels 
that the students do not mean to 
insult anybody and that the whole 
conflict is Ma basic misunderstand-
ing." He said that NASA doesn't_ 
"know anYlhing about what's going 
on here." 

He added that the purpose of the 
sweat lodge was not to imitate In-
dian culture. but to "create a new 
ritual tradition at the Che and to help 
create a sense of community for the 
Ole, and for other UCSD students." 

Othersweatlodgepatronsagreed . 
with Thompson. Bob Hellerue said 
that. "You want to pay respect and 
be thankful for the people who have 
done this in the past, but we don't 
want to use their tradition in a way 
that it was not meant to be used:' 

Prince Chapel 
by the Sea 

A.M.E. Church 
7517 CuYler Sl. 

La Jolla. CA 92037 
(619)459-0272 

Church ScJwol.8 •• m. 
Worship 10 LID. 

"reel tM IpUtt" Radio 
....... KPFtZ (1210 All) 

nery s-daJ. 11:30-12 No. 

Dr.ILT.~J.~ 
"A Clwrch For People 

On the Grow" 

SUI MapeSiGulrtiln 
lGBA members and friends gathered in the Price Center Wednesday. 

Kirkham. who helped organize 
the event. said ki ·ins are usually 
laged in response to hate crimes, 

although yesterday's event had no 
such motive. 

Lisa. a participant in the kiss-in 
and an LGBA member. said that 
about half the LGBA membership 
showed up, along with several 
people she did not recognize, She 
surmised that the LGBA members 
who did not participate probably 
had conflicting classes. 

In addition, according to Lisa, 

He went on to ju tify their use of 
the sweat lodge. saying, "We're just 
doing this because it is a good physi-
cal feeling. and also panly because 
it is kind of a clean feeling. But that 
is not something you can describe 
with words." 

lbe university administration is 
a1soconcemed with the sweat lodge 
controversy. Director of Special 
Services Nicholas Aguilar said yes-
terday that he is planning to attend 
this evening' s meeting and to pro-
tect university interests. He said that 
··at the minimum there appears to be 
a health and safety question that 
needs to be looked into." 

Aguilar also plans to determine 
if any university policies or regula-
tions have been violated by the sweat 
lodge users. 

Aguilar said that among the pos-
sible violations of campus regula-

some people said they wanted to 
panicipate, but were afraid. "Sut 
that's not an excuse," she said. 

Othermembers said they panici-
pated for variou reasons. 

"It 's important that heterosexu· 
als see same se'l-couples and learn 
to be com fonable with it."said Steve 
Simmons. a Third College senior. 
"More and more people are com ing 
out of the closet and more and more 
couples are beginning to express 
their affection in public," he said. 

See KISS-IN. Page 7 

tions is the participants ' dress, or 
lack thereof. "Ifindividuals were, in 
fact, nude ... that may be in viola-
tion of student conduct codes." 

University Centes Director Jim 
Carruthers reported that the univer-
sity had already investigated the 
sweat lodge. "Environmental Health 
and Safely has checked it out and 
they don't feel it is safe," he said. 

Sweat lodge users questioned the 
possibility of such a structure ever 
meeting the university' s strict build-
ing codes. " [The university is) not 
going to think it's safe until it looks 
like a condo," Thompson said. 

Hellerue agreed, saying, "The 
thing is. with this kind of structure, 
youcan ' t take it apan and fix it up." 

At this time. the university does 
not plan to intervene directly in the 
dispute between NASA and the 
sweat lodge users . 

march 7 • saturday • 8pm • 
ucsd box office • 534-6465 

NEWS 3 

THE MOST COMPLETE AND POPULAR REVIEW COURSE FOR THE 

MeA T 
THE MeAT REVIEW COURSE at UCSO 

• The * t MeAT course in San Diego! 
• The ~ documented MCAT scores 
• ~ of proven success 
• The only course run by people jn medicine. MCA T prep is 

our specialty and it's ail we do! 
• Taught by top UCSP doctors and M.P.·PhD candidates 
who are experts in MCA T prep 

• Taught on campus at the Medical School 
, Lectures, smail study groups and free tutoring 
• Much lower cost than other prep courses 

~ NOW ENROlliNG FOR SUMMER '92 CiCJ CALL (619)456 4848 
NAIL SPECIALS I ~----------------~ 

I ACRYLIC $18.99 
: NAI LS Reg. $35 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

$24.95 
Fills $12 Reg. $15· New Clients only 

FIberglass Nalls with Tips $29.99 Reg. $45 I 
ManIcures & Pedicures $15.95 I 

WaxIng StartIng at $3 
Manicures $6 " Facials $25 Reg. $35 I 
~~:M~~ MEN AND WOllEN 

8055 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Stes. 103 & 104 
I next to Burger King 560-0325 • 560-5081 I 
L Not valid wi1I> ony other 011 .... Expirs 3iW92. 

I 
I 
I 

--------------------~ 

ALPS 
EARTH SANDALS 

lEVA 
DECKE'RS 

SPORT SANDALS REEF 
MEN-WOMEN AQUASOCKS 

OVER 140 BEACH & LEATHER SANDALS 

LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN! 
lfI SArtDALE 
3761 Mission Blvd .. SO 92109 
488-1134 

rrll'nn pub • ucsd st. $6 • 9.0. $8 
·(dollar more day"of-show) 

~z: .. ..,..... 
~ . '.~~.:.":l~-= .:".::.~- ... 

.1.~~:!! :.!,1 •• 



OPINION 
" OPINION 

ay .. 8oyc .... 
Opinion Editor 

When the Sigma Alpha f4lsiJon fralemity 
designed its Wamer social calendar sometime 
in January, the brettvaI probably had no idea 
it would make the rro.. page of the C3npUS 
newspaper. Indeed. when the "artist" drew the 
now infamous picture of a nude woman, legs 
spread wide with a fang-bearing mouth where 
her vagina used to be, he probably thought 
nothing of it. 

The grJphic extolled the brethren to "avoid 
a cancre Isic J - wrap it before you cr.mk 
her." He knew the brethren would get a kick 
out of it - they are a jovial gang. No doubt a 
good laugh wa'i had by all ... that is, until it 
was leaked to the press. 

A lot has been said and wrinen about the 
SAE calender and how it has been treated by 
the press (namely, us). There has been much 
speculation as to why the brethren would have 
done such u thing. People have l>tumbled over 
themsclvel> to lay the blame somewhere, they 
are all coming to the same lame conclusions. 

The Women ' s Resource Center, of coun;c, 
is quick to bllUTle the male-dominated 
patriarchal society which encounlges men to 
treat women as inferior and I . at them with 
contempt. Sexism rears its ugly head once 
again. Ironically, the brethren of SAE are 
saying the same thing. 

In a lener to the editor which appeared last 
issue. SAE Presidel1l Steven Ager wrote IhaI 
"as a groupof20-year-<>ld men . . . this is our 
finit opportunity to examine the ani tudes 
which have been ingrained in us since we 
were very young." 

Ager goes onto speculate that exposure to 
pomogmphy at an early age, or perhaps 
demon television may be responsible for 
fostering such deplomble behavior. 

'lbc UCSD Guardim 

COMMENTARIES 

Roger KuoIGunan 

Thursday, February 27,1992 

WOI11aI beame accepcabIe 10 ... y member of 
our &aremity," Aaer wrises. "I do know, 
however, .... it is inlpOlfal1l for each ollIS to 
eurninc our aaitudes and 10 LRIerstnI how 
they may be hannfuI, offensi~ and even 
dangerous." 

If this sounds familiar, it should. It is the 
generic response of any two-bit poIilician 
when he is taking heal for making an ~ of 
himself in the public arena. Readers will recall 
that when the story broke on Feb. 18, Ager 

w~ hostile and defensive. "Ilhink the WRC is 
being a little upcighl." he said "The picture 
doesn't represent our geneml view," he said. 
"(The WRCJ singlel s J fr.uemities out becall<;e 
they're an easy target," he said. When it 
became obvious that nobody believed him. 
Ager had no choice but to change his tune. 
"We are basically good guys. who certainly do 
IlOl mean any harm," Ager wrote. 

I do 001 doubt Ager's sincerity when he 
says he i sony. Of course he is. He is sorry 
that his brethren' s dirty laundry has been aired 
for the entire campus populalionto see. He is 
sorry that damned calendar was made in the 
first place. In shon, he is sony becall<;e he and 
his boys got 9Uughl. 

Ager and his brethren gOl exactly what 
they deserved He blames an anti-fraternity 
bias on his present misfortunes, but can't seem 
to undel'Sland thai stupid behavior like p:uning 
naked women on ollkial organization 
documents does IlOlhing but encoural,'C such 
bias. And surely Ager must have realized that 
his fraternity would be under a microscope, 
having been reprimanded once already for 
producing a rush flyer depicting a scantily-
clad women with her legs wrapped around a 
beer keg. 

Ager and the brethren would have us 
believe that society - that cruel monster - is 
to blame. Then again, so would the WRC ... 
but that is to be expected from that crowd. 

n1is sudden conver.;ion by Mr. Ager and 
his gang is problematic. " I do I t know 
precisely how or where the objectification of 

- You can take the boy out of SAE 
but you can't take SAE out of the boy 

The -Animal House" stereolype of 
fraremities may now be a cliche, but it sheds 
some light on this matter. No maner how hard 
fraternities try to improve their image. they 
inevitably fail. They work hard to fOSler an 
image ofbrotherttood and philanthropy, but 
their public service is really only an exen:ise in 
public relations. 

See SAE, Page 6 

The Solution is Simple: Be Considerate 
By Gaye Johnson 
Staff Writer 

The recent Sigma Alpha Epsilon incident - while 
spurring a furious dispute between two differing 
factions - has raised many questions urrounding free 
speech and privacy. 

While the controversial views which have been 
brought out thus far are all valid, it's always best to get 
to the root of the problem. After all, it's easy to be 
distracted from the real issues if your priorities have 
been scrambled by higher authorities. 

The SAE incident is not the only problem that we 
have on our hands - it's a sympcom of a deeper 
sentiment prevailing in groups as small as families or 
fraternities expanding to encompass the nation itself. 
At the hean of the maoer is a generoll disregard for the 
histories and struggles of others. 

Sure, it was a canoon meant only for the private 
viewing pleasure of the SAE fratemity brothers. But 
the choice of a point of view and this pas ive accep-
tance of derogatory altitudes toward anyone is where 
this callous disregard i born and bred. 

Now the members of SAE are swearing up and 
down that the offensive cartoon was not an accurate 
portrayal of what the fnltemity really 'lands for. 

But if members of SAE and other groups guilty of 
sexually and racially slanderous ani tudes do not 
represent a manifestation of a larger problem, then why 
i there a consi tent acceptance - both passive and 
active - which condone this behavior? Somehow 

it's not altogether believable that SAE would have 
mandated a date-rape seminar without this public 
embarrassment. 

My opinion of groups who do nothing to combat 
sexual and racial degradation until their reputation is in 
jeopardy also goes for the administration of this campus 
and larger-scale bureaucracies; their approaches are 
consistent with their historically devious support of 
unfair policies and anilUdes, while maintaining a 
trustworthy front 

As for the WRC, whose reaclion8J)' response has 
left many ambivalent about the degree of a positive 
outcome, it has perhaps reinforced what some hyper-
sensitive individuals tenn a sense of "feminist mili-
tancy." 

I question the intention of those who hurt accuS8klry 
remarks toward the demands of ethnic and women's 
groups. since the standard sarcastic response to "dhnic 
whining" about inequality is "why don' t you do 
something, then?" 

Yet when groups choose to assen rights in an 
immediate sense by attending or establi hing all-Black 
schools or fonning women's coalitions, they are 
automatically labeled "separatists" or "militants." In 
other words, they're damned if they do, and damned if 
they don'\. Where i there room for self-improvement? 
Self-help? 

And when less "threatening" teps are taken, like 
providing more after-school academic programs for 
high school in crime-ridden areas, these progressive 

measures are insultingly oppossed by exclusionary 
legislation in higher education. Before the game has 
even begun. it is clear who the winners will be. 

Ethnically derogatory sentiment, as well as insensi-
tivity towards the plight of women in any envirorunent 
where there is constant interaction with men, is being 
exhibited on this campus - and others - day after day. 

The SAE incident provides concrete proof that 
college campuses along with other bureaucratic struc-
tures are the supreme culprits of limited education and 
ignorance on a grand scale. 

This campus, among othe.rs, harbors an envirorunenr 
which. by passively accepting discrimination in 
numerous areas, chooses to ignore or even acknowledge 
the collective backgrounds which people brin~ with 
them to the educational arena. 

Those who would respond that the UC system does 
provide well-rounded curriculwns for tho&c students 
who are 1101 of color, you're failing to use your periph-
eral vision. because well-roundedness is not a factor 
being considered in the problem of declining access to 
affordable education . . Look who is being kept O/lt of the 
general curriculum. 

One group of ignorant minds is where much of the 
degradation in this country onginates - sounds sinister. 
doesn't it? But, believe it or not. that's the beauty of it. 
Because if it all startS locally, it can be stopped locally. 
Or better yet. what you think and how you implement 
your ideas has more validity. One beautiful wlution: be 
con iderale of others. It's that imple. 

Thursday, February 27,1992 

COMMENTARY 

The Education of 
John Seymour 
• California's Senator has a 
history of voting against 
environmental issues 
By steve RIneer 
Contributirw "Opinion Writer 

John Seymour,GovemorPae Wilson's 
repIaccnlm in the u.s. Senate, has tJo. 
come a major obitacle in protecting mil-
lions of acres of California desert In N()-
vernber, the HouseofRepresenaIivesover-
whebriinglyapprovedameasure that would 
expand federal protection to 1.1 million 
acresofdesen insoutheaSlCalifomia. How-
ever,the bill now needs to be approved in 
theSenate, where SenatorSeymourisstub-
bomly refusing to suppon it 

When Wilson was elected governor 
in 1990, he appointed Seymour to re-
place him in the Senate fOrlhe remaining 
two years of his tenn. At that time, 
Seymour identified desert protection as 
a top priority, but he is now balking at 
fulfilling this pledge. In a move to ap-
pease the mining industry and off-road 
vehicle enthusiasts, Seymouris attempt-
ing to cut the amount of land to be 
protected by more than half. 

TIle California desert land covers 
more than 25 million acres and harbors 
150 species of wildlife, many of which 
are endangered, such as the desert tor-
toise. This desert, despite its hardy ap-
pearance, is an extremely fragileecosy -
tern and must be prorected. 

Senator Alan Cranston is sponsoring 
a bill in the Senate which is almost 
identical to the one passed by the House. 
If approved, this bill will create three 
new national parks and place four mil-
lion acres off-limits to development, 
mining, off-road vehicles and other p0-
tentially damaging uses. 

Seymour's re&'iOIlS for not supporting 
Cranston's measure are extremely ques-
tionable. Seymourclaimi that the bill would 
ban mining in the East Mojave desert, yel 
the measure specifies that the few mines 
currently operating in the East Mojave 
would be allowed to continue operating. 
Additionalclaimsthatthe~seeksto 
seal off the IaOO for a small group of 
envirorunertalists are handedly refuted by 
the National Park and Conservation 
Association's rcceru c:stimafe that nearly 
1.8 million people visited the desert last 
year. Overall, Cranston's proposal would 
only reduce the amount of desert available 
foreoonomic use by 28 percent. 

Last month, when Cranston repri-
manded Seymourfor not supporting this 
measure, Seymour accused Cranston of 
election-year politicking. This is a hol-
low charge. at best, considering that 
Cranston will be retiring from politics at 
the end of this year. Seymour is s.imply 
trying to avoid the issue of why he re-
fuses to suppon this measure. 

The unfortunate truth is that in the 
short time SeymOur has been in the Sen-
ate be bas adopted a decidedly anti-
environmental stance. Last year, for ex-
ample, he suPported a bill that would 
have opened up Alaska's Arctic Wild-
life Refuge to oil drilling. 

This November, Seymour will be 
running for election in a tightly con-
tested race. He is therefore very sensitive 
to the demands of voters. 

If Californians speak up loudly 
enough, it is very likely that he will 
change his position and support 
Cranston's desen protection measure. 
Seymour needs to be reminded that he is 
seeking election in what is perhaps the 
most environmentally conscious state in 
the country. 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

COMMENTARY 

Haitian Refugees Need Not Apply 
• The innocent people of Haiti have been neglected by the U.S. because they are too poor 

Haiti has come a long way since 1800, 
when soo.ooo African slaves wrested St 
DominiqucfromFn:nchCOOUOlIDdSUUCk 
fear into Ihc hearts of slave-owning land-
ownm across the Americas. Nowadays. 
Haiti does not inspile fear in the while 
man 'sheart. The norm is 10 bcoblivious to 
the poorest nation in the hemisphere and, 
aI besI, pitiful of it 

Whether you call it brutal ignorance or 
calculated cruelty, U.S. foreign policy in 
dealing with the exodus of refugees from 
Haiti in the wake of last September's 
military coup has been to retum defense-
less civilians to a society terrorized by a 
COITUpt military force. The Bush adminis-
tralibn and the Supreme Coun (is there a 
difference between the two?) have washed 
their hands of the refugees. Remember 
this the next time you buy Bush's yelJow-
ribboned, shallow rhetoric of the U.S. as a 
knight in shining annor. 

I was in Haiti in 198.5. I remember the 
shanty towns. the malnourished children 
and the almost unnatural stiUness and dark-
ness of the night. Back then, through the 
terror and intimidation of a corp of secret 
police called the "Ton Ton Macoutes," a 
gluttonous sybarite named "Baby Doc" 
Duvalier held on to power, having inher-
ited the mantle ofPresidency-for-life from 
his ruthless father, "Papa Doc." Every-
where I went I sensed the fear and incred-
ible tension of misery enforced by inscru-
table gunmen in khaki. 

Nordidmuchchangeafter"Baby Doc" 
fled on a U.S. Air Force transport in '86. 
The constitution was refonned and there 
was a sucession of puppet presidents that 
answered to the military forces. Finally, in 
Decemberof 1990, a radical Catholic priest 
named Jean Bertrand Aristide was able to 
gamer overwhebning popular suppon in 
Haiti's first fair election. A year later, an 
antsy military did what it had a1ways done 

so well - shoot, maim and terrorize the 
will of the people. 

In the months following the coup, 
Aristide lobbied the U.S .. Europe and the 
Organization of American State to over-
turn Haiti's newest brutal milit8J)' take-
over. TIlere was even talk of an American 
invasion, "Q la Kuwait." But the U.S. 
govenunent was not interested. 

"What incentive do we have to come 
and invade Haiti?" a senior U.S. official 
asked in the Washington Post on Feb. 8. 
"What for'? What U.S. interest? Does the 
Haitian state threaten the security of the 
U.S.? No," 

No. The Bush administration did not 
care and it continued to not care when over 
I 0,000 Haitian refugees tried to flee their 
country and seek asylum in the U.S. They 
were put in camps and accused of seeking 
economic, not political asylum. The Hai-
tians were to be sent back. One refugee, 
who had braved a perilous water-<:rossing 
in an anempt to reach Florida, said he'd 
rather die at sea than in Haiti. 

For two weeks now we have heard the 
U.S. govenunent deny that repatriated 
Haitians were being mistreated upon their 
return tolheir benevolent, gun-toting, mili-
tary chaperones in Haiti. The U.S. govem-
mentclaims that it is monitoring the return 
of the Haitians for human rights violations 
and thus has no evidence to corroborate 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

recent allegations of retaliation against the 
repatriated. However, Forrest Sawyer of 
"Nightline" showed the American public 
that the so-called monitoring was almost 

non~xistent and unreliable in practice. 
Funhennore, human rights organizations 
have reponed constant harassment, torture 
and murder. 

In 1980, the U.S. government gleefully 
embraced 125,000 Cuban refugees, con-
veniently tagging tltem with the appropri-
ate labels to ensure thei r pennanent stay in 
the U.S. Unlike Cubans, Haitians do nOl 
have the capital ofasuppongroup like the 
enthusiastic Cuban-American population 
that lobbies for the rights of Cuban refu-
gees. Haitians are also not pawns in the 
brittle, Cold War mindgames of a U.S. 
foreign policy intent on shaming, ejecting 
and punishing Fidel Castro. 

Haitians, as far as conservative foreign 
policy "expens" are concerned, are hun-
gry, not politically concerned. Behind all 
this talk is the assumption that Haitians are 
too poor or too stupid (too black?) to care 
or even be conscious of freedom, politics 
and who is in power when. 

True, Haitians are miserably poor and 
malnourished, but also consistently and 
brutally persecuted. Remember, the Hai-
tian people showed their n umbers and com-
mitment by electing Aristide.lust because 
they are not living in a Marxi t-Leninist 
regime does not make them less human, 
less val uable. 

Haiti's future is at present uncenain, as 
are the faleS of the Haitians being repatri-
ated. The winds of the Cold War blow 
strong between the U.S. and Cuba. facili-
tating the entry of Cuban refugees into the 
"land of the free"but slamming the door in 
the faces of Haitians. Theircrirne is the fear 
of tonure and death at the hands of a 
military force, which incidentally, is 
strongly anti-communist. 

Guardian's Objectivity Questioned by Readers 
Editcr: 

On Feb. 13, tht:Guardion prirtedadistwb-
ing anonymous letter full ofhomophobic hate 
propaganda. Respoose from the comm'unity 
has been heavy and Wlanimously condemna-
tOl)'. However,in the imerestofobjectivity, the 
Guardion hIf; avoided making a statement of 
position with respect to the issue. 

On Feb. 11,'" ankle relating a frigtuning 
episodeofmisogynisticten'orwasgivencqually 
objective treatment The headline stressed the 
fraremi.ty's conviction that its "general view" 
was not represented by the offensive filth in 
questionandalluded tothe fratemitypresidenl's 
dismissal ofWRC concerns as "uptight." 

On Feb. 20, the Guardian again made sure 
to assure its readers that there were two sides to 
the issue, that the fraternity in question had 
"apologized" for its actions and that the justifi-
ably angered comments made by the WRC 
regardingthefralemity'soffimiveactionwere 
pen:eived by the fraternity as "outrageously 
hateful" 

Our point is that such objectivity is actually 
dangerously reinforcing traditional patriarchal, 
racist and homophobic ideology. Objectivity is 
impossible- in situations defined by massive 
power disparity, one is forced to make the 
decision to support the oppressed group(s) or 
reinforce the non-egalitarian hegemony of the 
dominant class. 

The Guardian 's politicalleaningsareclear, 
its bealillCill of l'I:ICeI1t student ernpowennent 
issues particularly betrays its allegiance with 
the reactionary SIItIUS qoo. 

The Koala is easily identified as hate-mon-
gering garbage precisely because it so promi-
nently advertises its allegiances. 1lte Guard· 
ian, on the other hand, hides behind the mask 
of objectivity while implicitly supporting the 
same discriminatory ideology. 

ChJoeBurke 
TrianRiley 

McKay Embarrassed 
By Edson Story 
Editor: 

I am writing this letter in response to the 
"news" article about John Edson ("UCSA's 
John Edson Brings Unique Drive to Fee 
Fight," Feb. 24). First off I feel I owe John an 
apology for the article and my involvement 
with it. I gave an interview with the writer 
last quarter undertheassumption it was only 
for a paper he was writing for a communica-
tions class. I did not give pennission for the 
interview to be published in the Guardian. 

Although I think that the writer was 

trying to give a "balanced" look at one of the 
biggest movers and shakers on the campus, I 
felt the story was much too personal and 
invaded his privacy beyond what a public 
official should have to endure. 

TIle quotes about John attributed to me do 
not accumtely reflect the interview I recol-
lect. It seemed to pit me as John 's worst 
adversary when this is not the case. John and 
I are not always on the same side of the fence, 
but my respect for him and the work he does 
outweighs the significance of ourdifferences. 

When, to my surprise, I saw the article in 
the paper and the attitudes about John I was 
shown to have, I wanted to die. I felt that the 
quotes selected were out of context and did 
not convey the meanings I had intended at all. 
If there had been any way to retract that tory 
I would have tried to do it. 

[was giving the interview toa friend about 
a mutual friend, whom we both had an admi-
ration of, for a paper he was turnirrg in for a 
professor, not for a general campus criticism. 

But the damage has been done, the article 
has been published and I'm left only with 
inadequate apologies and a deep sense of 
shame lhatthis article was ever printed. 

Molly McKay 

Editor's Note: The writer of the stOlY in-
formed McKay 01/ two occasions that tile 
article ill qllestioll would he puhlished ill tile 
Guardian at a later dafe. Th~ Guardian re-
grets allY cOllfusioll fhe delay in publication 
may have caused to those inten'iewed. 



6 OPINION TbcUCSDG ........ Tbunday, Fcb:....,.17, 1991 

LFTTERS TO THE EDITOR ME 
C ... &III ........... 

Japan Deserves the Blame for Current Econonic Warfare To !he winitimf maws, !he fra-termies rx- on a oW ~ benevo-
Icnc:e. As one former coIle .. ue of 
mine (who is also a fnlemity mem-
ber) said, "Nobody joins a frat for !he 
pIUnIhropy. They join to party. Pe-

EdItor: right dec:i&ion. 
In a commentary by Philip Then Michaels wrote that Japan 

Michaels that ran in the Guardion is notal fault foroureconomic ~ 
(Feb.IS),hebIamedAmerica'seco- Iems. That, too, is a false SIatC:ment 
nomic problems on greed lDI on Our economic problems are the re-
AmeriClll corporate executives. He sull of deliberate economic warfare 
was panly correct, bul he attempICd on the part of the JI!JWICSC, the goal 
10 free Japan of all blame. That was of which is to destroy our economy. 
not right How do you explain them selling 

He sarcaslically wrote, "Why, products below cost, subsidized by 
the ungrateful bastards w~ just their governmenl, to kick American 
asking for il. And after all the things companies out of the market? "In-
we've done for them - Hiroshima novation, efficiency" writes Mr. 
and Ihe inlernmenl camps ... " Michaels. What innovation? The 
Hiroshima and the intemmentcamps VCR, the television, and the mi~ 
were Japan's fault. I suppose we chip are some of Japan's largest 
alUlCked ourselves on December 7fh products. BUI lhe Japanese copied 
as an e)(cuse for a war, right? They them from us. How can you call that 
dragged us into World War D, and innovation? Their only innovation 
they gOI what they deserved. "All is the small car, but that was merely 
the things we've done for them" a new twist on an old idea. 
should really referto the fact that we We must recognize thi as CCI)-
rebuilt their country after defeating nomic warfare and respond accord· 
them in a war that they staned,anacl ingly, with full trade sanctions. Then 
of kindness which had, until then, we CIIl sit back and watch Japan's 
been unheard of in the history of economy crumble without its num-
warfare. bet one conswner,just as they have 

Another point which Philip (or watched ours crumble for the lasl20 
should I say Philihisho?) failed to years. 
neglect was that by nuking them at Brian Tietz 
Hiroshima and Nagasaki, we were 
doing them a favor. "What was that?" More BeillBl Nonsense 
you're probably asking. Look at it Editor: 
objectively. The death loll wa In the pilit of thi marketplace 
115,000, but had we gone with a of ideas we all claim 10 be living in 
convenlional invasion, it would have (although recently it has sounded 
been rnore like 2,000,000. Wesaved like a market in Moscow), I would 
1,885,OOOoftheir lives. Not to men- like to toss in my two cents on the 
tion the 1.000,000 projected casual- lateSl SAFJWRC imbroglio. 
tie on our ide. Truman made the I would like to thank Zack 

DennIn for Iharins with us his in-
RIlle ability to reduce III important 
issuctollbsolulcnonscnsc<Fcb. 24). 
Not only has he tossed out enough 
red-herrings and SU1lwmen to make 
the average logician's head spin, 
but he has once again proven why 
no thinking hWlW'l beina should 
rake his drivel seriously. 

The recent scandal involving the 
an WM of a panicuJar UCSD stu-
denl is a difficult issue 10 discuss 
withoul stepping on some serious 
First Amendmenltoes, and yes. this 
is about the First Amendmenl -
not pc, not SAE, not the WRC, not 
the CIA. Americans are quick 10 
unfurl the First Amendment flag 
whenever they are told something 
thai they have said or done is offen-
ive; however, we often forgel that 

with freedom of speech comes re-
sponsibiJity . 

To paraphrase an often quoted 
Supreme Coon justice, Americans 
have freedom of speech. bul this 
freedom does not include the free-
dam to shout ftre in a crowded the-
ater. By tOleraling attiludes e)(-
pressed by the anwM of this par-
ticular student, SAE has neglected 
the First Amendmenl's bedfellow 
- responsibility. 

As the theater of pain experi-
eneed by millionsofbeaten, abused, 
and (yes,lack, ildoes happen) raped 
women becomes larger and larger, 
it is the duty and responsibility of 
groups like lhe WRC to make it 
known that insensitive and down-

risht primitive behavior by groups 
like SAE, whose purpose, we are 
told. is to ...... ute philanthropy and 
good citizenship, should not be 101-
erated. 

I have never claimed 10 support 
the WRC (its politics bore me) or 
the PC movement (I refuse to write 
"he/shej, bull do suppon the prin-
ciples on which this country was 
founded. The miUions of women 
who have bcenaffected by attiludes 
like those ex!ftSSed by!hi panicu-
Jar SAE brother would agree with 
me that there is a fire burning in the 
theater and someone should damn 
well be shouting aboul it. 

CbrisCopher N, Camponovo 

Letters Policy 
The UCSD Guardian welcomes 
your letters and commentaries. 
Drop your letter at the Guardian 
offices (on the second floor of the 
Student Coop Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

OpInIon EdItor 
81'."'" 

9Il00 ..... Dr. 0318 
La JoI8, CA 92092-0318 

Letters should be typed, doub~ 
spaced and must include a name 
and a phone number. Unsigned 
letters will not be printed. Letter 
writers will be contacted to verify 
their identities. We reserve the 
right to edit for length and clarity. 

riod. .. 
This moQ receIII incident with 

Sigma Alpha Epsilon is not simply an 
aberration. The .. epoilderance of evi-
dence on campuses all across the 
United Sfates sugests that a majority 
of fralcmities gravitare naaura1Iy to 
such sophomoric baIbIrism. FraIemi-
ties are being fll1Cld. ~ or 
kicked off campuses all the time. Just 
last faIJ, foreJUll11)le. the UCSD chap-
ter of Tau Kappa Epsilon (the infa-
mous TKEs) were suspended forv~ 
lating the university's "dry rush" 
policy. 

How shoukI this most recent case 
of fraternal imbecility be remedied? 
The SAEs could be forced to anend 
yet another "sensitivity" seminar, but 
that obviously didn' l WOIic before. 
They could be "made an exanple of' 
by the IImli,*".ityCoun:il, tg SIdt 
sanctions rarely have long-term d-
feelS and before long the buffoonery 
begins anew. 

AJ.. I suspccI nothing of sub-
sbMlce can be done, except perbaps to 
cOOIinue to hold these wily youths 
under the most intense and unc0m-
fortable public scrutiny. Fear of bad 
publicity and public humiliation can 
be a far more potent weapon than any 
adminiSIrative slap on !he wrist. 

Once !he brethren realize that their 
shenaniplS will no longer be toler-
ated by the general public, they will 
fall into line very quickly. 

DO 'YOU CARE? 
IF YOU THINK YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE, CONSIDER RUNNING FOR 

AN A.S. OFFICE: 

President 
v.P. Administrative 

Commissioner of Operations, Services & Enterprises 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 

v.P. finance Commissioner of Media 
v.P. External Affairs Commissioner of Programming 

Senators needed from each college: Sophomore, Junior, Senior 

March 4: 
(Wednesday) 

March 13: 
(friday) 

March 30: 
(Monday) 

Filing begins 8:00 am. pick up a filing packet from the A.S. 
Secretary, Anna, call ext 44451 for information. 
Filing ends 4:00 pm. Filing begins again after Spring break. 

Last day to file, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm. 

Thunday, Pcbrauy 17, 1992 

PROTEST 
euo ..... d ........ 1 
John Edson, who spearheaded the 
event, reponed thai prior 10 an As-
sembly Higher Education Conunit-
lee taring Monday afternoon stu-
denldemonstratorscarriedsignsand 
marched outside the Slate legisla-
ture buiklina in protcsI of the ~ 
posed 24 percenl fee increase, and 
in support of Senate Bill 1446. which 
proponents claiiit will limit amual 
fee i~1O 10 percent. 

According to Edson, a group of 
students participaling in the dem0n-
stration stormed the building and 
began chanting in front of Califor-
nia Governor Pete Wilson's office, 
prompting police to forcibly drag 
the protesters from the premises and 
10 subsequently arrest 17 of the stu-
dents. "We'll be fighting to see that 
charges are dropped against them," 
Edson said. 

1be rally was held in connection 
with the Student Legislative Sum-
mit sponsored by the UCSA. The 
summit, held annually in Sacra-
mento, brings the student govern-
ment leaders from all the UC cam-
puses together for training, plan-
ning and discussion of student is-
sues. It is traditionally held shonly 
after the Slate budget is announced 
in late February. 

In cooperation with CSU stu-

KISS-IN 

dall sovenunent representatives. 
UCSA leaders sponsored seminars 
over the weekend 10 prepue partici-
pants for Monday's lobbying IK:-
tivities, including a budget work-
shop and a lobbying skills seminar. 
According to Edson, students suc-
ceeded Monday in lobbying every 
legislator in the state, seeking sup-
port for SB 1446, or the "Torres 
Bill," which StaleSenator ArtTorres 
(D-Los Angeles) helped sludent 
leaders draft. 

"So successful were the lobby-
ists, that by my calculations and 
from speaking with key legislators, 
I CIIl now predict that SB 1446 will 
easily pass the Assembly and stands 
a very good chance in the Senate," 
Edson said. 

Key to the Torres Bill is a clause 
which would removeonedoUarfrom 
the Slate funding to the University 
of Califomia for every dollar the 
UC Regents raise fees beyond an 
annual 10 percent UCSA hopes the 
bill, if enacted, will weaken the fi-
nancial autonomy of the regents and 
force them to look 10 other areas of 
the budget before considering fee 
increases. 

"'The regents have simply never 
had an incenti ve to cut some of their 
sacred cows," Edson said. He 
pointed out that although Governor 
Deukrnejian signed a law in 1989 
restricting fee increases to no more 

Price Center seemed disgusted and 
turned away, while others seemed 

ContInued fNm pece 3 simply indifferent. 
Participant and Warren College "It doesn ' l bother me," said 

junior Gary Daugherty noted that Nancy Carter, a Revelle College 
he and Revelle College junior junior. "I think [participating) took 
Michael Lambert were shown kiss- a 101 of courage." 
ing on a cover of Spectacle, a sec- Carter added that while there 
lion of the Guardian. "What else was no overt heckling, she did hear 
could we do?" he asked. students making conunents among 

Some members of the lunchtime themselves as they passed by. 
crowd that LGBA addressed at the - "I don't think they went about it 

WATSON 
ConIInued fNm .... 1 
able to mainlllin good relations with 
faculty, staff, students and the com-
munity. 

The SIaIenlCdalds tbatany SJSU 
presidenl "must be able to work 
with both traditional and non-tradi~ 
tionaI students in III institution where 
there are several distinct slUdenl 
profiles. and III average age of 26." 

Recent clashes overco-op'issues 
at UCSD have led some students to 
<IotIbt Watson's ability to deal with 
students fairly and effectively. 

UCB Cbair Molly McKay has 
mel with Watson several times c0n-
cerning co-op issues. 

"One bad thing is, [Watson] is 
very stubborn. Once he gelS an idea 
set in his mind, ii's really hard to 
change his mind," she said. 

Despite clashes over issues, 
McKay said, "I honestlY think he's 
professional and accessible to stu-
dents, even in difficult time peri-

ods." 
Associated Students Vice Presi-

dent Administrative Mike Holmes 
said SJSU should look at Watson's 
actions during the co-op crisis and 
those taken on other issues before a 
fmal decision is made. 

"I feel ii's important forthal slate 
universilY to undersland Dr. 
Watson's position on certain issues 
[at UCSDJ ... and 10 understand stu-
dent response to those positions," 
Holmes said. 

Watson has strong support 
among UCSD staff and administra-
tors. Dottie Keffala, thecbancellor' s 
personal secretary, said, "He's won-
derful- he's a wonderfully warm, 
caring man. He truly has the welfare 
of the student body at heart." 

Alex Wong, current student re-
gent and UC Berkeley graduate stu-
denl, worked with Watson as UCSD 
A.S. vice president administrative 
in 1989-90. 

"Whether it was true or not, there 
was much rumor thai he was con-

4Y'-A'-'A. ~ 1992. • p.m. 
Cmyoaview Pool D 

BILP 4f' LeeK oUr 

The UCSD Guardian 

than 10 percenra year, the regents' 
autonomy from the state puts them 
under no obligation to follow that 
law. "'The Torres Bill will force [the 
regents] to make raising fees a lasl 
priority rather than a firsl priority ," 
Edson said. 

Included in the bill are proposed 
cuts to the UC budget, amounting to 
$30 million, that would allow fees 
to be rolled back to a 10 percenl 
increase. BUI Edson said that the 
proposed cuts are suggested only to 
show that a fee reduction is pos-
sible, and thai the regents would 
make their own budgel cuts. 

UC President David Gardner, 
testifying before the Assembly 
Higher Education Committee Mon-
day, claimed that the proposed 24 
percent fee increase is necessary in 
order to preserve the quality of UC 
programs and services. 

The UCSA is currently solidify-
ing plans for what Edson predicts 
will be a "massive rally" on March 
6. Separale rallies will be held on all 
UC and CSU campuses, as well as at 
colleges and universities across the 
nation. 

A walk-out will be staged on that 
day, during which students will be 
encouraged to simultaneously leave 
their classes. The movement is 
planned to coincide with hearings in 
Washington D.C. regarding federal 
funding of student financial aid. 

in an appropriate way," said one 
student who asked not to be identi-
fied. 

"Theyalmosl made a joke out of 
it. A lot of people here are cynical 
and came here to laugh," the student 
said. 

The spectator added that if the 
organizers wanted a sincere reac-
tion, they mostliJcely didn't get it. 

"A 101 of people were fuming 
away," the student said. 

sidered as a possible chancellor of 
UC campuses," he said. 

According to Wong, many al 
UCSD assumed that Watson was 
being "groomed for the chancellor-
ship." 

Wong said Watson is qualified 
to preside over a major university 
because "in many ways, he's the 
right-hand man of the chancellor, 
especially in dealing with under-
graduares." 

Wong added that he has heard of 
the recent co-op conflicts, but said 
thai il is "rare to find an administra-
tor that students will always agree 
with. There were times when we 
agreed or disagreed, but we could 
always walk away from the table 
shaking bands." 

Watson has held his post as vice 
chancellor since 1981, and before 
that, was the provost of Third Col-
lege since 1970. 

He inilially joined UCSD as an 
assistant professor of chemistry in 
1966. 

• FlAI Set ...... ................... $16.95 
• FIt ............................... $1G.15 
• PecIcunt ....................... $1G.15 
• MInictn ........................ $5.15 

The 

NEWS 7 

PORTA DO SOL 

RA ISI NS 

PT. CONCEPTION 

MOSSI MO 

TO O HOT BRAZil 

C ITRUS 

Padftc Beach 
627 Mission Blvd. 

Mission Beach 

I I1'1III11l1li111l1li""" I 1 001 _IICI •• 1ft 

..... 

Z 
C 
-I /0 _1 swlllsllli I ..... 

L e""._ .... _________ ...;....;;..;....--'----'---'---'---'-_===-..J 

------- -----Bring your friends and we will treat 
you to a Free entree of the 

similar value or lessor value when 
you mention this ad. 
..i~Uilld_wJ1fl§l~ ~~~~~QJ5.Xl! . .l-.§;~_ 

Impress your friends at dinner, by taking the 
Royal Thai Cuisine Cooking Class. 
Only $35.00 for four course meal/ 

For more information call ... 
466-2063 



A nPINION 

8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thunday, FcbnIary 27,1992 

r-- --- - SAVEANEXTRA$lWllHTImAD- - - - - -, PRINCE limes. 

L 

IfYouDorit 
Save On Greyhound 
'Ibis S · Break, 

Please n~Mooch 
Off The People 

Who Do. 
SAVE 

15% 
If you IlIke Greyhound for pring Break. you'll save a 101 of money. And !he earlier you 
'buy your tickel, the lIlOfeyou'Usave, If you don't take Greyhound, you may have lObes, 
borrow or spongt off your friends. Eventually, yow friends may have to beg, borrow or 
sponge off others who may, in rum, have to beg, borrow or sponge off you.1lIe resuh? A 
vicious cycle of begging, borrowing and sponging. You don't wanl thaI on yow con· 
science. So save your money with an advance-purchas ticket on Greyhound. Then 
bring in this ad for an additional doIlaroff, and have an alfordable,guiIt·free Spring Break, 

llGOGREYHOUND 
120 West Broadwa , 239-9171 

TICkets mUll be purchued by 4130192 (or trlllet by 5121192, 
Limit one oupon per trip, Not valid if reprod~, Some rutrictJons 1flPlY. 0 1992 G",ybound Lines, Inc. 

-----------------

_...1 

ConIII ............ 1 
tomeyandProlccuIOrDanLambom 
will also use • DNA match to link 
Prince wilh semen found on 
Weinhold's clothes and bedsheets. 

Other prosecution evidence in 
the case includes a ring that be-
longed to Holly Tarr, the third mur-
der victim. The ring was found by 
police on the bathroom counter of 
Prince's girlfriend at the time. 0larIa 
Lewis. On Monday, Lamborn said 
!hal the ring, which was missing 
when police found Tarr's body, was 
one of only 33 in existence. 

It is not known if Lewis, who 
was a registered Warren College 
student last year, continues to take 
classes at UCSD. All of her student 
records are restricted, according to 
UCSD Registrar'S Office officials. 
Privacy regulations allow student 
to request that none of their records 
be available to the public. 

The prosecution also tried to link 
bank deposits Prince made to items 
that were missing at crime scenes, 
and called witnesses who claim 
Prince bragged of sexual conquests 
and assaults of women bearing simi-
larities to the murder victim . 

''The hearing is going as ex-
pected," Assistant District Attorney 
Rick Oabby said. "We're calling 
our witnesses ... and laying out our 
case in chronological Older. " 

What came to be known as the 
''ClairemontKinings''beganonJan. 
12, 1990, when Tiffany Paige 
Schultz, a 2O-year-<>ld San Diego 
State University English major, was 
found dead in her apanment in the 
Canyon Ridge apartment complex. 
She had been stabbed more than 50 

The second vu:llm was 
Weinhold. 21. Weinhold. a Warren 
CoIleae senior wirh a Political Sci-
ence and HisIory double major, was 
found farally stabbed on Feb. 16, 
1990 in her Buena Vista Gardens 
apartment Prince also lived in the 
complex a1the time. 

At first, police did noc link the 
killings of Schultz and Weinhold 
together. BUlthe ApriI3,I990mur-
der of Tare, an 18-year-old high 
school senior from Okemos, Michi: 
gan,led them to believe that a serial 
kiUer was aI work. Tarr was stabbed 
todea1h in her brother' s Buena Vista 
Gardens apartment. 

The next two victim of the 
"OairemontlGller" were 18-year-
old Mesa College student Amber 
Oark. and her 42-year-<>kI mother, 
Pamela Both were murdered on 
Sept. 13, 1990 in their home on 
Honors Drive in University City. 
Amber Clart strongly resembled 
Weinhold, and both Pamela and 
Amber Carle were found with mul-
tiple stab wounds. 

Prince was later charged with a 
sixth murder, that of Elissa Naomi 
Keller. Keller was stabbed to death 
at her apanmenl in East San Diego 
on May 21, 1990. She lived acros 
the street from where Prince had 
IivedsincemovingfromOairemont 

~ weeks before. 
The preliminary hearing is being 

held to determine if there is suffi-
cient evidence to hold a defendant 
over for trial. aabby said he ex-
pects the hearing to last "about a 
month," andestimated thai about 90 
witnesses will take the stand. After 
a day off yesterday, the hearing will 
resume today. 

TEAMWORK HAS ITS OWN REWARDS 
Just ask the UCSO elrth Day flllivlltu .... WInner of the 1.1 
Satum Award It University at Califomia, San ~iego. 
Passion. Commitment And tis team of Cltnpus organizations 
made I difference. Orllnl*lg I festivel that attracted nearly 
4,000 visitors. Providing infonution booths. Featuring guest 
spa.kers eddresaingllWironmental concema, 
At Saturn, we know the v.l .... at teamwortc. It WlS the driving 
force behind Meria', newest II.ItOmoItiIe company in mont than 
40 years. And IIIC1bci in a new.., aI mIking GIl'S. 
That's why we want to rlWlrd a student .. in 1112 for its 
outatandinglCcompiiahments. We're IooIdnt for the molt out-
ItIndiRg joindy-sponaored clfRPUS progrllltby two or more 
regiatnd student organizetiORl. 
The ClmpUS winning team win: 
• RIc .. 11,000 at a Saturn-hosted reception 
• Btcomt eligible for the 15.000 nationaleward pr8lll1tld 

It ~"III'I'I 

TIIIIIWDIk his itI own rewards. Go lhead. Just a .... Earth 
........ tIIIIL 

a..-SltumtHm .......... 

• 

9 SPORTS 

Li1dros, Duguay 
And the Zamboni 
L <>OK OUT SAN OtEGO HOCKEY fans, because things might start to get interesting. 

What? There are hockry fans in 
San Diego? Yeah, a few. I happen 
to be one. 

But I have a feeling there will 
be a 101 more fairly soon. 

For those of you who don't 
know what's going on,let rne 
clear things up. II seems that our 
very own IHL powemouse San 
Diego Guns have admitted 
interest in a certain discontented 
NHL prospect. 

I am of course talking about 
Canadian phenom Eric Lindros. 

Now let me say right off that 
I'm not an Eric Lindros fan. In 
fact, I despise the guy. 

As the first player selected in 
the 1991 NHL entry draft. Lindros 
was picked by the Quebec 
Nordiques. 

Now, it seems that Quebec was 
only willing to offer this guy a 
paltry $800,000 (give or take a 
few hundred thousand). Lindros 
was insulted and refused to sign. 

Refused to sign?! 
The kid was only 18 years old 

and had no Nlfl.. experience and 
he was asking for Wayne 
Gretzkey-type salaries. The 
Nordiques, in what has been one 
of the few surprising moves I've 
seen in recent professional sports 
history told him it was too much 
money and refused to offer him 
that type of contract. 

S O Elue stayed in Canada to play minor league hockey. 
Now, I said before that I'm not 

a fan of Lindros, and I'm nOI. But 
that's not to say that I'm not a fan 
of great hockey. 

This kid is big, he's fast and 
he's one of the best players to 
come along in a long time. He led 
the Canadian national team to a 
silver medal in the 1992 Winter 
Olympics. 

Any team would be foolish not 
to want him - and they aU do. 
But of course, Lindros will only 
play on Lindros' terms. 

So in a surprising move this 
week, the Gulls announced that 
they have indeed been talking 
with Lindros' agent and have even 
offered him a conlract. They faxed 
it to him while he was in 
Albertville. 

IT SEEMS almost too absurd to be true. On the other hand, the 
more you think about it, the more 
it makes sense. 

The Gulls aren't affiliated with 
an NJ-n.. team and Lindros is 
eligible to play for them. He could 
sign for the remainder of the 1992 
season, and then leave with no 
contractual obligation. 

Lindros could gain some 
experience against a few mediocre 
N1n.. has-beens and maybe even 
learn 10 enjoy Southern California 
hockey. 

See CMD, Pap 15 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Brent Hansen fanned nine opposing hitters in eight innings yesterday. 

Th~y,FCb~27,1992 

Baseball Battles to 
12-lnningDeadlock 
• Brent Hansen pitches 
eight strong innings but 
Southern California 
College hangs on for 2-2 
tie against Tritons 
By Ben BeJ" 
Staff Writer 

Twelve innings of deadlock base-
ball at Southern Califomia College 
ended in a disappointing 2-2 tie, 
bringing the first glitch to the Tri-
tons' 6-0-1 record. 

Senior hurler Brent Hansen paced 
the Triton effon, striking out nine 
Vanguard cJubbers and aJlowing 
only one hit through eight inning of 
play. 

Hansen struggled briefly in the 
founh inning, relinquishing both 
Vanguard runs. 

Hansen issued two Vanguard 
base-<>n-oolls and then served up a 
Southern Cal base hit to drive in a 
run. 

TIle senior slinger offered up 
another base-<>n-balls before a wild 
pitch concluded the Vanguard scor-
ing. 

UCSO Head Coach Lyle Yates 
was pleased with Hansen's overall 
performance. but felt the ace of hi 
rotalion was nOl in sync during the 
me sy founh inning. "Brent pitched 
very well for us:' Yales acknowl-
edged. "(The founh) was (he only 
inning when he got out of the 
groove." 

The Triton batsmen picked up 
one run in the fifth, but entered (he 
ninth inning tmiling 2-1. 

With one out, Doran Yount 
singled to left field and fre 'hman 
pinch-runner Eric Quandt promptly 
slole second base. 

Leftfielder Steve Wrenn singled 
sharply 10 left, putting runners on 
the comers with one out. Freshman 
Dave Valdez stepped to the plate 
and roped his first offering into 
leftfield. scoring Quandt for the 
game-tying run. 

As the game moved into extm-
innings the Triton bat fell silent 

, once again. "We hadouropponuni-
ties, but we couldn't get the clutch 
hit or clutch bunt," lated Yates. 
"We made no adjustment to their 

See BASEBAll, Page 10 

Softball Beats CSUDH for the First Time 
• Tritons split twin bill 
with Division IT Toms 
By Greg Wrenn 
Associate Sports E(/itor 

The UCSD softball team made a 
little bit of history Wednesday after-
noon. Playing at Cal State 
Dominguez Hills, the Tritons were 
able to beat theDivision D Toros for 
the first time in 14 games, picking 
up the second game of a double-
header 3-0 afterdropping the opener 
4-3. 

UCSD struck in the first inning, 

Aztecs Trounce 
Slumping UCSD 
In Three Games 
• Disappointed Wilde 
feels Tritons may have 
taken a step backward 
By Kirsten HIIIvenon 
Staff Writer 

A four-game losing streak was 
extended to five forthe UCSDmen' s 
volleyball team Tuesday, as it fell to 
San Diego Swe in three straighl 
games 15-5, 15-6, 15-12. 

"1be biggest thing is thai we are 
left back in last weekend," said 
UCSD Head Coach Rod Wilde, re-
fening to the Tritons' inability to 
shake off last Friday and Salurday' s 
disappoinling Josses to UC Santa 
Cruz and Menlo College. 

Wilde feels that the Tritons have 
losl the aggressi veness that had 
helped them to play at the same 
ievel as some&ough Divisionl teatns. 
He added that last weekend, UCSD 
made errors it shouldn'l have and 
that ultimately, thole enors wound 

See VOI.LEYULL, PIle 11 

but was unable to hold the lead for 
long, with CSUDH coming back to 
tie in the bottom of the second, and 
then taking the lead in the third. 

Both teams would score again in 
the founh and the Tritons tied the 
game back up in the sixth. But the 
UCSD defense, a problem spot all 
aftemoon, would cost the team <lgain. 

TIle Toros' Nicole Stelterledoff 
the bottom of the sixth with a single 
and then stole second. Two outs 
later she was still on second, but a 
passed ball ruined the Triton hopes 
for a comeback: as Stelter was able 
to bring the winning run home. h 

was one of five Triton errors on the 
game. 

"Lacie Mounger pitched a good 
game, she just didn'l have a solid 
defense backing her up." UCSD 
Head Coach Melissa Jarrell said 

Game two shaped up as a pitch-
ing duel between UCSO's Dianna 
MorenoandCSUDH·sAnneIbarra. 

Despite eiglit hits collected by 
the Toros. Moreno held CSUDH 
without a run and seven innings 
passed without either team scoring. 

One extra inning is all the Tri-
tons would need, however. Lisa 
Mora led off with a single. The next 

bailer. Kerri Caner. laid down a 
sacrifice bunt. but the Toros' went 
for Mom heading to second. They 
didn't get her and the Tritons had 
two on. ., 

Next up for the Tritons was Faith 
Franke who again put down a bunt, 
and again CSUDH tried to throw 
Mont OUI. The Toros mis ed for a 
second time and the bases were 
loaded wirhTeri Zuniga- who had 
gone 3 for 3 in game one - at bat. 

Zunigachoppedonetoshonthat 
let Mora score. That was all the 
Tritons would need and they would 
eventually claim the victory. 

Tritons Stuff 
Leopards in 
Season Finale 
• UCSD gives fond 
farewell to seniors with 
seventh win in a row 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

Playing in the last game of their 
careers, seniors Molly Jonnum, Kathleen 
Alvarez. Monique "The Maniac" 
VaiJlancoun and Cari Young made the 
most of the opponunity. leading the 
Trilons to their seventh straight victory. 
a 99-55 trouncing of La Veme. 

UCSD staned off hot and didn'l cool 
down until the postgame celebration 
had begun. 

Down I 7-4,thebewildered La Veme 
coach took his second limeou( of the 
game, only 5:28 into the game. The 
break didn't help much as Ihe Triton 
continued to pile it on, leading 24-4 at 
the 8:16 mark. 
CIu:tINguyenI~ UCSO was able to do whatever it 

Molly JonnlMTl had fNe assists in her last game 8S a Triton. See W. HOOP, Page 11 



6 OPINION 

10 SPOIlTS 

ES 110 
150165 

ES 111 
150166 

ES 119 
150163 

ES 183 
150164 

ETHNIC 
Studies Courses 

Cultural World VIew of NIdive AInerbM 
MWF 3:00-3:50 TEN 502 

NIdive Amerk:an Utentun 
MWF 4:00-4:50 TEN 502 

Multiradal Sodctia in the Americas 
W 3:00-5:50 Solis 110 
Gender, Race, Ethnidty and Class 
T 3:00-5:50 Tioga 102 

AnENTION 
STUDENTS 

Complete Automotive Repairs 
avalla~ JOHN'S 

WJ;lm~CARI 
SERVICE 

located at 

8040 Miramar Rd. 
69S-0700 

Open All Day Saturday 

10% OFF ON LABOR 
With valid student or stilH ID 

Free ride home or to school 
within 10 miles 

Japanese 
European 

& Domestic 

SlOG 
818-

+ $sao certificate 

.... _,-...1_ Y".L ____ . .... 'W""'''''' 

The UCSD Guardian Tbunday, FcbiIllllY 27,1992 

Triton Hockey Skates Past Aztecs 
• UCSD holds off late 
SDSU rush to take 6-5 
win Thesday night 
., .. ...., 

StJJIf~., 
The UCSD ice hockey leII11ame 

up with what could quite possibly 
be its bigaest win of the year Tues-
day night II the Spans Arena. Not 
only did lite Tritons avenge their 
previous loss to SIn Dieso State, 
they also may have ensured them-
selves a playoff spot. 

The Triton squad (~3-2) cur-
rently in fourth place in the PCHA 
Division II, was paced by ixdiffer-
em goal scorers in a ~5 victory over 
itscrosstown rivals, thesecond-place 
Aztecs (8-2~). 

With a man advanlage, Tim 
Kranz knocked in a rebound past 

BASEBALL 
CanIIIIuN .......... 
pitching." 

UCSD picked up nine scattered 
hits on the afternoon, Ihree of rhem 
deliveIUI by Marcos Magdeleno, 
who scored the other Triton run. 

WreM and Ernie Isola also con-
tributed two hits apiece to the sub-
dued Trilon offense, which had been 
averagingncuiy runelWlS pergame. 

The UCSD pilCher5, however, 
remained an enigma to the Van-
guard line-up with strong relief out-
ings turned in by southpaw Ryan 
Hanagan and righthander Bryan 
Thomason. 

The duo combined for four in-
nings of shutout ball, while the 

AzIec: pIie YIIIOII TdIca to give 
the Tritonl • 1~ lead wilh 5:40 
remainin. in the firsI period. o.ry 
DickcrsleinofSDSU tied the game 
up wilh juIt 20 seconds left in the 
period with a onc-on-onc shoe 
wbich beat Triton goaltender Paul 
McRae. The period ended in a I-I 
lie. 

The second period was marked 
by excilinl play by boIh teams. 
cspeciaUy on offense. Leigh Hsu, 
Zeus Dccolonson and Jim Yawn 
all scored goals for UCSD. Wid! 
under two minutes remaining in 
the second period. UCSD had a 
seeminJly strong 4-2 lead unlil Bill 
Demke and Craig Bradley scored 
goals for the Aztecs, closing out 
the period in a 4-4 stalemale. 

The Tritons came out strong in 
the third period. as they scored two 

smothering Triton defense re-
mained elTOl'less throughout lite 
contest. 

Before yesterday's game, the 
stingy UCSD defense had blan-
keted opposing offenses, limiting 
diem 10 an average of just three 
runs per game. 

The strong pitching and defen-
sive effon kept the game at a dead-
lock as the contest wore on imo the 
later iMings. 

The game remained a toss-up 
throughthe 12th iMing, when dark-
ness fmally forced the reams to 
settle with a tie. 

The Tritons play again on Sat-
urday as they hosl a doubleheader 
against The Master's College be-
ginning at 12 p.m. 

JOIIIs within 20 seconds with nearly 
five minures n:mainina in the con-
leSt. 

Defenseman Don Hayesdim:ted 
a I*S off lite tx.rds behind lite Az-
tec goal righl 0lIl0 the Slick of Chad 
Hinckle, which he prompdy blazed 
into the beck ofllte net to give UCSD 
a 5-4 lead. JII5I19 seconds ... , Hsu 
illIerCepICd a pass deep in the. Anec 
zone and directed it straight to Tom I 
Gould. who put the puck between ' 
Tilles' legs, giving the Tritons an 
imponant two-goal lead, 6-4. 

With two minutes remaining in 
the game, the AzIecs pulled their • 
goalie. 

With the exira man on the ice, 
Eric Freedman knocked in a rebound 
bringing SDSU to within a goal with 
17 seconds remaining. But it was not 
enough astheTriloos bung on 10 win. 

David Blum controls the hot comer. 

FEBR.UARY 28. 1992 - 8 PM 
MANDEVILLE AU~ITORIUM - ADMISSION: ONE DOLLAR 

TICKETS AVAIlABLE IN ADVANCE AT THE UCSD IIOX OFFICE OR BEFORE THE SHOW AT THE DOOR 

, 

'Ibunday, Pebruary 27,1992 

SPORTS TRIVIA QUIZ 
R ..... ud RepI8doas: 

·Se!O_ENT1lYONANSI/2" .. II"JHIIITOF 
'ArEA ALOHO Wmt voua ttAWfo. VfAA ... SCItOOL. 
HOWETOWN. COI..LalE YOU ATTeIO AT UCSD. MAJOR. 
AND _ MaO ro: s....n Eonoa. UCSD 
G\.JAltIllAN. 9~ G .. ....,. DatWl 0316. L. JoLLA. 
CA 9209HHI6. You CAN AUO 0Il0P rrOWIII_ 
Sloan Eorroo·s 00. AT Tlt£ G UARDIAN ""'I:E. 
lOCAno INntE ST\.IDaiTCEHTat, AOOSS FIOMntE 
0 .... 

' Au UCSO S1\IDEHTS. STAR'. AND FAC\JI.TY 
_ EUCllLI!roENTEll. UC£rf POl Ou_ STAft' 
IOa4I1US AND E-.oyus OF Drs CIOCAOO PIzzE· 
IIA. 

-Ttt£ P050N WHO COMES UP WrTH mE MOST 
COIlAECT ANSWEIS. AS OETUWINlD IV mE JUOOES. 
wu. IE DICl.AUD THE CiAAJtC) ... WINNER AND 
WILl. IE IUI('(JQNIZB) WHEN l1t£ _ IS 1'tUHTI!D_ 
~ WE£K.IN tHEEVENTOF An&.." C&\WN) 
WILl. IE HILI> ro 0E11!Il_ ". W"NEIl. THOll! 
<.."OUfCT INftES NOT BKTm AS THE GltANO P"I.IZI!. 
'WINNER WI..1. II! ~ 1tUHHI!U-tIP. 

oONa. Y ~ ENT1IY I'I!II I'I!IIJON !'Ell QUIZ. No 
WASI..fIItODUCiD EN11IIU WILL 1,£ ACC£Jl'I"ED.. E.NnlES 
WUST IE AT _ CitJ ........ N IV NOON WI!DNESDAY. 

·T .. ORAND .. azW ..... WUIeCElVE.It. .... 
__ 1'OIl1WO AT BJ· S CHICMJO I'IzzEatA. RUII· 
NEaS~' WUIIICbVIl It. fU:I. PITCHD op MIOIELOI 
o....r ..... oo JOOA. AT BJ·S.LDCATBl IN L. Jou.A 
VUAOe SQvAa£. A UST OF AU. WNIIEIIlS WLL • 
POn'ED AT 8.,.. EACH W£I.K AM) WIN,...S NEED TO 
_ IDEHTlACATION ro Il.AIN NIlES. 

ThIs week'. quesdons: 
L Who won the 1992 Buick Invi-
tational golf tournament? 
2. Who won the gold mcdaI in 
hockey at the 1992 Winler Olym-
pics? 
J. NameoneofthePadres'lwoCy 
Young award winner5. 
4. Which counlry won the most 
gold medals at the 1992 Winter 
Olympics? 

VOl I FYBALL 
ConIInued from .... 9 
up costing the Trilons the game. 

UCSDplayed tentatively against 
SDSU on Tuesday. 

"The guys were looking for 
someone else to make the play in-
$lead of taking it lhemselves," said 
Wilde. 

The middle hiller5 were a brighl 
spot for the Tritons. however. 

Bruce Williams hit .333 for the 
night and Tyson Kerr contributed a 

The Guardian 

~------------------~ 

5. Who won the 1992 NBA Slam 
Dunk contest? 
6. What is the name of San Diego's 
IHLteam? 
7. Who won the NL MVP award 
in 1990 and again in 1991 ? 
8. Where will the 1994 Winter 
Olympic games be held? 
9, As of Feb. 27, which team is in 
first place in the Smythe Division of 
theNHL? 
18. How many consecutive games 
did lite UCSD men's basketball team 
win to fmish up the regular season? 
Last week's quesdoal: 
1_ Who is the head coach of !he 
Uniled States Olympic hockey 
team? Dave Peterson 
2. Where will the 1992 Summer 
Olympic be held? Barcelona, 
Spain 
3. Who is the head coach of the 
Boslon Celtics? Chris Ford 
4_ Which professional football 
player is a member of the United 
Siaies Olympic bobsled team? 
Herac:bel Walker 
5. What is the name of Delroil's 
N1-D.. team? Red Wings 
6. Who is the majority owner of 
the San Diego Padres? Tom Werner 
7, Who was the first person to win 
back-to-back gold medals in the 
same Alpine event at the Winter 
games? Alberto Tomba 
8. What are the three freestyle ski-
ing events in the Olympics? Mo-
guls, Ballet, Aeriab 
9. Who was the 1991 NBA Coach 
of the Year? Don Chaney 
10_ Who is the head coach of the 
UCSD men's lennis team? Tim 
Ditzler 

Tbis week's winner: Nathan 
Brown, Third, History, Santa Cruz 
Runners-up: List of 4 at B1's 

.468 hitting average in the losing 
cause. 

Lamson Lam saw limited action 
after just returning from a back in-
jury. "He did an okay job," said 
Wilde. 

According to Wilde, the Tritons 
have reached a turning poinl in their 
season. 

Tuesday night's game was a poinl 
at whicb the Tritons were going to 
go forward and step up their level of 
play, or move backward and begin 
to lose focus on Ibe season. 
Unfonunately,Wilde feels Ibat 
UCSD has taken a step back. 

Toplay~ively,boIhoffen­
sively and defensively, is what 
UCSD is hoping to do on Saturday 
against La Veme. 

"They need to get hungry. They 
need to want the win WOr5e !han the 
other team. " said Wilde. 

The loss drops the Tritons to4-15 
overall. UCSD's last wins came at 
lite UCSB Invitational tournament 
on Jan. 24-15. 

leal FIIo. 
Bags 4 

'17'1:, Leu 
I~I~ .~~ ~ 
:...<: . .......... 

n ••• • 
r....r. ... 
......... 
8266 MIrimIr Rd. 

578-5745 

The UCSD Guardian SPOR.TS 11 

Golf Continues Unbeaten Season 
• Tritons raise their 
record to 9-0 with wins 
at San Bernardino 
ByClvlsR ...... 
Associate Sports Editor 

When you ' ve played seven 
matches and have nine wins, you're 
doing a preny good job at beating 
the odds. 

The UCSD golf team accom-
plished that exact feat on Monday 
when it competed in a four-way 
match at the Arrowhead Country 
Club in San Bernardino. Going into 
the tournament. the Tritons were 6-
O. At !he end of the day. they were 
9-0 after beating Cal State 
Dominguez Hills by eight strokes. 
USD by seven strokes and host Cal 
State San Bernardino by acJose two 
strokes. 

In fact, the Tritons were tied 
with the Coyotes of San Bernardino 
al 316 strokes apiece after the top 
four players for each squad were in 
the clubhouse. 

However, in a situation where 
two teams are tied, the scores of !he 
players who placed fifth for each 
team are compared 10 decide the 

W. HOOP 
ContInued from pace 9 

match, although lhese marks do not 
count in the final shot total. 

Tom Brown sealed the win for 
the Tritons with his fifth- place score 
of 84. 

Brock Shafer. playing in his sec-
ond match after qualifying for lhe 
traveling team, wa~ the medalist for 
UCSD as he shot an impres ive 
two-over-par 74. 

"Brock's an awfully good player. 
He'squiel about it. .. We're awfully 
happy about him." Head Coach 
Mike Wydra said. 

Wydra also pointed out how 
Shafer'sscore is even more remark-
able con idering Ihe ··potato-
masher" irons and "snake-killer·· 
putter he uses. 

Pele Robens was jive shots be-
hind Shafer as he shot a 79 for the 
Tritons. Matt Stollem put up an 80 
and Jeremy Moe followed Stollem 
with an 83 for the Trilons. 

Conditions were far from peneci 
on the par-72. 6,573-yard course. 
According to Wydra. 30 mph Santa 
Ana winds made for extremely dry 
weather, which resulted in rock-
hard greens that couldn't hold a 
hot. 

pleased both offensively and defensively. 11lt" Tritons' 
inside game of Young and Lisa Beaver combined for 17 
points in the first half of play, during only 10 minute of 
time each. 

Young, UCSD'sall-time leading scorer, finished the 
game with 20 points, while Beaver threw down 18. 

UCSD's perimeter squad was as much of a force as 
its teanunales in lhe paint. 

The Tritons' starting guards, Alvarez and 
Vaillancoun. and wingman Jonnum hit for 19 points 
before sitting down early. 

Alvarez would finish as the game's high scorer with 
21 points including 5-7 shooting from the three-point 
line. Vaillancoun had six while Jonnum hit for five 
points. 

Both Vaillancoun and Alvarez dealt out six assists to 
lheir teammates. 

Guardoan File PhoIO 
Matt Stottern took third for UCSD. 
come the adverse conditions, 
though, as they conlinued their per-
fect season. 

With Monday's match, UCSD 
has shot a remarkable 146 strokes 
better Ihan ils opponents. 

The Tritons will nexi battle 
Loyola Marymount on Mar. 2. The 
match will be held at Ihe challeng-
ing Los Angeles Country Club. The 
course is mnked 261h in the world in 
terms of difficulty. 

"We worked really hard on passing the ball to the 
post, but we also worked on the post kicking it back out 
We have a very unselfish team, they'll pass it around if 
!hey 're covered," said UCSD Head Coach Judy Malone. 

CIuII N«rI~Glllrl*iWl 
Usa Beaver had 18 points in UCSD's final victory. 

The offense was working with whoever was on the 
floor - staner5 or player5 off the bench. 

The Tritons' fastbreak left skid maries on the floor as 
it ran through the lead-footed Leopards time and time 
again. 

By halftime the score stood at 49-25 and the real 
question in everyone's minds was who would win the 
halftime shootout. 

The second half opened much the same as !he first, 
withUCSDdoingeverythingrightandLaVemejuslnol 
doing anything. 

Vaillancoun was cenainly not conlent to sit on the 
lead and relax. The 5-4 off-guard was all over !he coun. 
diving for loose balls, making steals, running lhe floor 
and then dishing off on picture-penect assists 10 her 
leanunates. 

Defensively, the Tritons switched OUI of their lighl 
man-to-man defense in favor of the zone relatively 

USED 
LEVIS 

New, Leather 
BlIER 

JACIETS 
from $99 

SYSTEME 

early. yet they still refused to give the Leopards any 
easy points. 

UCSD finished the game wilh a 53-36 rebounding 
edge, with Young leading the way with 13 boards. 
Beaver hauled down 100fherown, nine of them on Ihe 
offensive end of the coun. 

"We knew we were going to be on tonight. because 
it was the last game of the season. I knew we would 
execule well, just because it was the lasl game and 
everybody, especially the seniors wanted to go out 
right," Malone said. 

1lIe seven-game win streak was a great going-away 
present for the seniors. "The injuries at the beginning 
of the year hurt us, bUI we finally jelled. We stopped 
playing under pressure and just went out and had fun. 
This is the besl talent of any UCSD leam I've been on 
and it just staned coming togelher," Young said. 

"We finally staned playing togelher as a team," 
Alvarez explained, "and il was a great way to end it. A 
great four years. I had fun." 

@(!J!J11! CUTS 
ByTAWNYAoF 

ESSENCE SALON 
on~ $11~. 

includes: shampoo & precisicn haircut 
blow dry and styling $4 exira 

.. "" ... 
- ReIro thru 21 st Cenlury-

Hawaiian • Military •. "BIOLAGE, HiUtes & Perms $45 (including haircut) FIoww Pow. • Cool shades & 
T-shirts 

COIIUIIII 
• • I. •• I • ' • 
4119 ......... "-. 0 .' . m..uo 

By ..... 

3251 HOUDAYCOURT, sum 201 LAJOUA 453.9477 
Above St. Germain's Liquor & Deli 



, 

11 CLASSIFIBDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Star Trek fana wanted 10 801_r 
QIIIdonnaIre for r..-d1 pIp8I' on 
1,...... Cal SIeph. 558-8223. afl8r 5 
p.m.. Of leave -*hII on 1MdinI. WII 
0CItI1* .. 18 for lime. (212"2127) 
DISSERTATIONWORKSHOPS.SU:k 
in .. prooeu? For writI8n irIfonNdion 
or Icheduling can 692·0166 . 
PoeIgr ...... Group. (1130-3112) 
The NadIoneI 0rgarIizd0n for Reform 
of Marijuana laws la making a 
c:omebIIckl Help r....tabliah NOAIIL 
.. a UCSD ltudenI Ofganlzation bv 
aigning up todayl c.IIltE. at 587· 
8948. Stand up agaInat !eglllated 
mOfalilyl (2120-2127) 
Delta Gamma'i AnchorIpIMh II herel 
Get psyched - get I08ked for swim 
competition. 311 12 p.m. Canyonview, 
(2127) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 
Fairmal(s ..................... 222'()220 
UCSDUYS 
Ben & Jerry·s ................ 587·3680 
BJ's Piua .................... 455-0662 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Heidi's .......................... 450-3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Papachlno's ................. 546·7666 
Royal Thai Cuisine ....... 456-2063 
Stratford Conee House 481 ·8590 

UCSDAUTO 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's ........................... 450-9494 
Suspension Plus .......... 558-8562 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
UCSDHAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457-3384 
Ralph's Hair, PB ........... 273-2887 
Years Ahead ................ 546-7666 
Essence Salon ............ .453-94n 
We Care Hair ............... 587 ·cun 

UCSDBUUTY 
Trim & Tan ................... 455-0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0025 
Royalty Nails ................ 483-6188 

UCSDHEALTH 
amNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 2n-8255 
BeIng Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
UC Cydery ................... 452-8842 
Dr. McDonald Opt. ....... 279-5858 
Ctr. lor Optimal Heallh . 558-3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan DDS .. 459-5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Aower Basket .............. 455-5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558-6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-()630 
UCSD ETC. 
Audloliie ....................... 459-FILE 
Cal Copy ...................... 452-9949 
Stanley Kaplan ............. 2n-6744 
Muslc Trader ................ 693-1469 
MD labs ....................... 226-1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450·9291 
Ronkin Educallonal ...... 587-8600 
Zen Kura Futons .......... 270-3680 
Video Gallery ............... 452-1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
Futons 4 Less .............. 578-5745 
SI. Gemlain's ............. ..455-1414 

The UCSD Guudian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per J 5 words is $/ for 
students (jor personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff. and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m, Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information call 534-54/6. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive. 03/6, La Jolla, CA 92093-03 J 6. Actual address: Student Center A. top floor. 

Live and study in India with Mesa 
College June 26-July 27 . Slide 
presentations 6 p.m. March 5 and April 
2 In Mesa H118. For reservations cal 
619-627 -2992 or 800-400-6372. (2127-
312) 
The SO Asaoclatlon of Seculer 
Humanists: inaugural m .. ting! 
luncheon Saturday Feb, 29 10 a.m.-3 
p.m., Marrakesh Restauarant, 8238 
Parkway Dr .• La Mesa. $10. RSVP to 
Nancy 271 -9382. (2127) 

LOST AND FOUND 
LOST: HP <485X Calculator, if found 
call Gerald al 450-1486. Reward lor 
return or helpful information. (2124-21 
27) 

Word ProcessingITyping: AcademIc 
~, papers, tt.., 1eIterI, 
resumes. Accuratelfaat service. Mary 
Ann 452-9438, (213-412) 
PASSPORT PICTURES I New 81 Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
Xeroxes and more. Near SI. Germain's. 
.52·9949. (9I2HI4) 
Olga Sari - Electrologist: 1200 to 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts, 558-<46441226-1962. 
(l f6-3112) 

FOf .... : one-way tic:kelfrom San Diego 
to San Franc:IIco March 9. 1992. late 
-*'g!light $20. Cal Aaron at 587-
nIl, (2118-312) 
CHEAPI FBI/U.S. SEIZED. 89 
Mercedel $200, 86 VW $50, 87 
Mercedes $100. 85 MUllang SSO, 
chooIe from Ihouaanda starting $25. 
FREE 24-hourr.cordingrevealadetails 
801-379-2929. Copyright ICA34I<JC. 
(2118·31 t 2) 
Must sell 1980 VW Rabbit. Fuel 
injection. Great condition. $1500 o.b.o. 

RESUMESfWORD PROCESSING. Cal 454-4966 momillgs/aftemoolls. (11 
We'. give your documents stylel Also 9-3112) 
- desktop publishing and training. -----------
PagesPius 452-1240. (2110-2127) 
PIANO LESSONS can be funl Patient. 
experienced, local teacher. All levels 

FOUND: Hewlett·Packard calculator. welcome. Joan Kurland. 457-8065. (21 
2114192, Call 458-9548 10 Identify. (21 13-319) 

Guitar, PRS CE Bolt·on. Vintage 
Sunburst maple top ; rosewood 
fingefboard. With c:aae. $700 or best 
offer; cash only. Paul. 281 -9862. (2120-
2127) 

24-2127) -------- __ 1m Bhchln' Canwo. Runs -'I. A 
steal at jusl $500. Call Becky 270-9220 
(212"'3112) 

Professional tutoring , Physicsf 
$50 reward lor my black, Schwinn High Mathematics. all courses. Call lor rates: 
Sierra mountain bike, STOLEN 1121 f R. Dubisch, Ph.D. (619) 271-922 • . (2/ 
92, YOfk Hall. 278·5174. (1127·2127) 20-315) 

SERVICES 
Word processing: Manuscripts, thesis, 
papers, etc. 558-2397. (2124-2127) 
WORD PROCESSING - Student 
papers, resumes. Laser printing, 
spellcheck. $2.50IOS page. 
Experienced. Reliable. Input/Output 
587-0080, (212"3112) 
Having a bad hal' day? Cal "The Cure" 
haircuts - men $10, women $15. FOf an 
appoi Itment cal 558-4656. (1121 ·3112) 

Dear Kristen, 
What can I say except 
we are docking in Capt 
Town tomorrow and 
that 10 days of infor-
mation straight from 
Archbishop futu un-
der my cap has 
humbled me. Now I 
can see Apartheid for 
myself with new eyes. 
Sony, but I have to run 
for the final game in 

thevolleybaUto~ 
ment on Prom Deck.. 

Love, 
Brian 

P.S. You LOST your 
application to Semes-
teratSea? Getanother 
one nowl Call Q.&S4-
019SNOW. 
P.P,S. WE WONI 

Dinner 
DeHvered! 

Door • Home • Office 
lAJOUA 

GOURMET DELNERY 
from La Jolla's Restauamts 

Call [or Menu Gulde 

------------~~-----
Vegas, 3 days hotel. airfare, meals. 
shows, car. $85Iperson. New Wave 
Travel 576-1141 . (2127) 
Puerto Valarta or Mazatlan, roundtrip 
air, 5 days hotel , $2791per&on. New 
Wave Travel. 576-1141 . (2127) 
WORD PROCESSING, Term Papers. 
Reports. Theses. Letters, Resum6s. 
etc. Quality service, reasonable rates, 
call 792-9690. (2127) 
Professionallypirlglbookkeeping, We'. 
type papers, resumes, lellers, 
documents and balance your 
checkbook. 944-5595. (2127) 

FOR SALE 
SPEAKERS I 4 finear phase mod, 8812 
studio monitors, Brand newl TlQhtbaaa, 
excellent mids and highs. LIst $725 
each, will sac:ri1ioe-$l000for all. Call 
after 4:30. 551 -2040 Rick. (2124-2127) 
MACINTOSHflBM TUTORING, A 
lesson or two gets you going I 
Knowledgable, patient help at your 
home, your pace. BegInners: don'l 
waate time doing flings wrongl Cal 
A.J. 452-3142. $35Ihr. (2120-2127) 
Sony XR5500 Pullout slereo with 
25l125W. Dolby, AMS, EXCELLENT 
condo $220 OBO Cal Jeff 457-2448, (21 
2.-2127) 
TENNIS BAll MACHINE by Prince. 
Excellent cOlldition - DRy $50. Guy 
459-6&49. (212"'2127) 

Moving sale I Futon $80,L·ahaped IOfa 
$800, Stereo system including double 
tape deck & 4OO·wan amplifier wf 
speakers $300, glasscoflee table $100. 
3-IeveI entertainment center $100. Call 
558-8737. (2127) 
Kenwood KRC-630 car stereo. Brand 
new. Still In box. Pullout C8saene 
receiver wfCD changer control 
~. $325orbestoff.-,C8IPenee 
528-9211. Leave meaaage. (2127) 
1 r/l air be'- any two cities wt1 
continental U.S. that Uniled flies. $300. 
558-1821. (2127) 
Kawasaki 1990 Twin Vulcan - 500 cc 
cruiser, C3Idy IAJIe red. SJ'Ntcordllon. 
reliable, below blue bookl Just tuned. 
new rear lire. $2250 helmet and 
reflective II8It Included. KartiMary 739-
9287. (2127-3112) 
5 drawer oak desk, 24·x48". with 
attached bookshelf. $75/obo. 12-draww 
dresser $30. 558-8870. (2127) 
Surf ski - Raider PrO 225 cuatom-
made tri·fin. Kevtar reinforced. barely 
used. Sacrifice for $350 including paddle 
& leash. AIso-2 Hda canoe paddles, 
like new, $35 each. 

SKI EOUIPMENTI- Cal ChrIa 48t· 
8076. RosaignoI207cm V~ SIdIs 
wfSolomon 737E Bindings. UMd 2 
seasons -S40. ~ 45 SIdiI wfSolomon 747E . Used 
2 INIOfII - $35. Lange THT 
Bool8-eize 10, $85. (2127-312) 
'86 MitsIDshi Mirage ~ sedan. 
ACJauto. 1091<, new: lirea. muffler. 
brakes. $1900000. Gabl452·7257. (21 

Guitar: acoustic steel airing perfect 27) 
condition. Brand new. $75, 452-2085. -----------
(212"'319) Futon double bad. cotton rnd' ... -

newll Best cond, with bed frame hell 
Honda Aero 50 Scooter 1985. Good $65Ibest. Gabl452-7257. (2127) 
condition, reliable. in.lIpanain 

$300. Aaron 259-11121. Comrnodole128 Inc:IudM diskdrive, 
1200 bel modem. joyatlck. lpeed 
cartIdge. and 101M games. In good 
cOllclllolL AI torS300. 278-8575 ....... 
(2127-M5) 

glowers & gifts 
Costa Verde Center 
87SO Gcnaet Ave. 

S:m Diego, CA 92122 
558-6666 

Tbunday, February 17,1991 

HP41CX Calculator, Brand naw 
condition. math Italiltlca, finance 

~. Uldocumei IIatIoi 1,115. Coat 
$400,451-2028. (2127-312) 
CannandIIIa 12-apaed, .. new, 54 em 
"criIerUn ..... DiHompe brakeI, 
~.purI1), rniIcaIar 1C8OUI. $350. 
830-7043. (2127) 
Framed NagaI SerigrIph - woman wf 
holM 4O"x3O" not a print. $75 abo. c.II 
ErIc 548 IIQ2. (2127-3130) 

WANTED 
Co., c ....... VHS movIea. Top SS 
paid. ~ Tr.ter. 70M MirIUNl' Rd. 
693-1468, (1127·311 2) 
Women voIuneMrs needed for llUdyon 
adaptation to IHe avanla. Anl .. r 
quea1Ionnairea at home. CompenuIed 
lor time. 943-1789. Leave name, 
number & best lime to call you. (2127) 
CHINESE/ENGLISH SPEAKERS 

~ Earn S25 for 2.5 hcus. t.Ut 
'- niOIIed m U.S. after age 5, lived In 
U.S. at IeaIt 5 yeIn. For 1IformaIion. cal 
Chill 453-4100. x453. (2J27) 

HOUSING 
Female roommate wanted to share a 
second IIoor aprtmenI in the La Jolla. 
UTC area. Inc:IudeI own room, large 
living quarters. privacy, and a very 
~abIe aImoIphere,Location is next 
to a main bus route or wiIhi'i walking 
distance to UCSD. Nonsmokers 
preferred. $1 0 deposit (negotiable) and 
$303ImonIh + 112 utilities, Call 457· 
4515 Of 534-2451 and ask for Rachel. 
(212"2127) 
Roommate neededl Own room. 113 
utliIies, $310. 2 112 miles to C8Il1)US, 
aaoss from UTC. 450-3426. (2124-315) 
WANTED FEMALE ROOMMATE own 
room $300 + 113 uIiI. non-smoker -
spring qtr. only. Need furniture lor own 
room only. Cal 458-9548. (nejll' VonaJ 
UTC). (2124-2127) 
FEMALE NONSMOKING ROOMMATE 
WANTED: spring quarter only ... 
apartment close to campus (leboni 
Nobel cross streets) ... doubIe-$2651 
month OR single wI own bath - $3451 
month + 113 utilities.. . easygoing 
roommates. lori 457 -0941 . (2124,3112) 
Roommatewnec:t(nae)bshlnmasa 
bedrocntlat'I in La JoIa CoIony,La Scala 
VIa will pool. ape, ClOf11lIate gym. 5 min. 
b school. Clean, consideraIa roomrJIIdBs. 
272.50 +113 utItIea. CorDct Bry.vRob 
81552-8499. (212"'2127) 
Master bedroom available, beautiful La 
Jolla Colony condo; attached garage; 
laundry; shared space fully furnished: 
poo\Ispa; looking lor quiet. responsible 
female roommate through June, $475/ 
mo + tl2 utll; 558·2688. (212"'312) 
Female roommate wanted 10 share 
furrished master bedroom for spring 
quater. Close 10 campuI, pool, jacuzzi, 
washer/dryer, $280fmo. Includes 
utilities. 578'()188. (212"'315) 
HIP FEMAlE ROOMMATE WIWIled b 
shin 2SRI2 112 SA two story apartment 
wl3 0 .... 1 S24()(mo + 1f4 .... leas 
IhIw1 one mile 110m UCSO. Close 10 bus 
line Of CWI bike. Pool, jacuzzi. tennis.1nl 
waI\tII room. Arr1lIe parIq. Available for 
spri1g qunr. Oepositcrly S87.501 Erin 
587'()709. (2/24-2127) 
FIoornmIII needed: Hcue In ~ 
MIra Meaa. ac.. to mcMeI, bowling Inl 
Alberto'., 15 min 10 c:aqIUI. Master 
bec*oomS3l5mo+ 1,.IAClinowbetore 
itl gone, .... 578-2644, (2124-3.5) 
Roommate wanted: own Ig rmIpri bdi 
In aumy, clean. upatalrs apt Ihort ride 
10 c:ampua. Miaowave, OW. cable. 
VCR. partdng.Iaundry, buIIInes, CIoae 
to all ahoppingIfrHways. $35OImo. 
Need quiet. ...,. ..... nOllamoldllg 
female. Cal Ben immId, 56&-2702. 
Avail, after llnalsi (212"'2127) 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
... pwttu.4CII 1O"_1re 
\t4,,, • .m-m'ulh,:r ulJ\.1" • 
....... • 

Thursday, February 27,1991 

LA JOLLA Wof 1-5 .... UCSO. FumI 
unIum IIUmy 1 brand IIUdioIlom S5IO, 
24·hour HCUrity. palioalbalconlea. 
B80s. By Trader Joe'a. but aIop. 
Ihopping. 452-t850. (2113-2127) 
Solana a.ch 3 bad. 2112 bath, washl 
dry, ~ hpIace. refrig, lie. 
Awliable 4 CluartIr. 3125-6130. 
Only '1 . Cal 793-0517. (21 
13-3112) 
Female 10 Ihare maaler bedrm in 3 
1DmI2.5b1lhouae. Clean. r .. polllille. 
...... roommaIea. No smokingIpeta. 
Laundry.gagge. pool. 2 miIea 10 OCSD, 
$28IImo. + 1/41d11e1. Jennitar 597-
01178, (2113-315) ~ 
Large ma.t.r bedroom w/vaulted 
c:eiIInga, own ballroom. large walk ..... 
c:IoMt. in HCUrity gaIad towmorne in 
Encinltaa. $400fmonth aJl utilltlea. 
Inc:Iudeac:able. Remot .. ntryw/gwage 
pIIIking. 753-337 • . (2118,2127) 
One block to UCSD campusl Room 
with large balcony in spacioul •• 
bedroom family condo; private bath, 
pool, lennis. non·smoker; $325 + 1f4 
utiitles. 455-9809. (2118-2127) 
Female roommate needed ASAPI 
February free I Own room In lour 
bedroom house in University City. $375 
per month plus 1f4 utiities. Fun easy· 
going but studious roommates. Holly 
456-1420. (2118·2127) 
Female non·smokIng roommate wanted 
IOf Spring Cuar1er. "WO miles south of 
campus, pool and jacuzzi laci~ties . $287 
a month plus l f4 utWlties. CaD Shannon 
at 457-3797 or 452-1991 . (2118-312) 
La Jolla Colony - La Paz. Beautiful 2 
bedroom, 2 bath condo, jac, pool, dose 
to all. $850. Call 481 -7398. (2127-312) 
Roommates to share huge master 
bdrom. Condo ( ... VonsIUTC) 2 mi. 
toUCSD. Balcony, WshrfDryr.reserved • 
parking. ASAPI CallisaICori 452-604651 ' 
546-9081 . $265 + 1/4 utilities. \hru 
summerl (2127) 
$325 monthly for own room in beaufiul 
townhousesne. UTCand UCSO. Cuiet 
cui de sac at canyon, spa. wasl'wJtt/ 
dryer, pool, patio. Praf_femalestudent 
or profnsIonaI who likes cats. 453-
45191581-2987 x5735, (2127) 
ROOM FOR RENTI 1/2 mi. from 
campus - $360 utilities included. Call 
Ed. 552-1506 or 456-9638. (2127-312) 
Roommate wanted. two rooms 
available, near UTC, call anytime. -
Washerfdryer, Iriendly atmosphere. 
$345. 558-2456. (2127-3112) 
Roommate wanted. Share 3 bed 
apiW1menI, UTC lna. Only $2OOImonIh1 
Grad preferred. Cail558-21 M . (2127-319) 
ROOM AVAILABLE. $330 or $350. 
Fireplace, washerfdryer, dishwasher. 
Pool, jacuzzi, T.C. 5 mins to UCSD, 
beach, walk to Vons. Call 755-6241 or 
434·3443. (2127-312) 
PacifIC Beach apartment $875. 2 br, 2 
ba plus den. Newer bldg, off street 
pking, washerfdryer. Cox Properties, 
Inc. 270-7379. (2127) 
FOR RENT. 3 bdr, 2 bath Del Mar 
House, walk to beach, lagoon view. 
$1250 mo. ~5917. (2127) 
South Mesa Room; looking for graduate 
student (mil), 2nd 1Ioor, start: 319192. 
$303Imonth. Josh 452-7257. (2127) 
Own large roombaIh In Mira Mesa for 
rent. $34G'mO. + 112 utiI. 693-8791. (2127) 
Rent a room: 5 min from carnpuI. pool. 
hot tub, must ... 10 believe, 457-8541. 
(2127-3112) 

EMPLOYMENT 
EXCEPTIONAl SUMMER OPPOR· 
TUNITY - ear.,., Wayne NE PA (3 tnt 
NYC)CXU1IIIoIfIpeo 'allstpolilons-al 

~ aport&. c:aqJi1g. cornpuIarI. 
A&C, ratio. Wrte us .55Chame1 Drive. 
Port WIIIIhingbn, NY 11050 or cal 516-
883-3067. (2127-"1130) 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERN· 
SHIP inf8fYiewsnowtaking pIac:e. Gain 
valuable axperience managing all 
aspects of a successful business. 
Average gross profit $11,287. last 
chance fOf interviews. Cal Triple 'A' 
Studenl Painters for information now. 
1-800-394-6000. (l f16-2127) 
LAW ClERKISECRETARY - Accurate 
\)'ping skis, good JRne, Inl ~ skis. 
no expel lei iC8 nec:es8IWY. FIextie hours, 
Ke.ny Mau. $5.25 per hcu, 560-8405 
aak for Noelle. (2f1C»5) 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE! Many 
positions. GreatbenefitB. Cal (800) 338-
3388. ext. P-3387. (2120-3130) 

~READBOOI<S"'1V~ 
Fllcu .......... ' .. ·form. EASYI 
Fun, rtIuiV III horne. a..n Y8CIIIoi • . 
au..n.d perd1edI. FREE 24 hcu 
recorclng 101-371-2825. Copyright 
ICA.'MKEB. (2118-311 2) 
IMMEDIATE OPENt«JSpartoru-time. 
Wealdypay. SeIIrG~.1o ninfor 
maliIgIInft ~ CXJII1l\I* nHig 
& banaItI. 619-587-8946. (2118-2127) 
BabYlitter needed for occasional 
~. Infant boy plus 8 
and 5-year old girts, Must be skIted in 
newborn car.. Del a.. References. 
793-0570. (2120-2127) 
UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY. Become a 
convention hOI tess. Paid travel. 
In_estIna experierlc:es. AppIicanll 
muat be 17-25. c:onsIdared attractive. 
peraonabIe, ell_getk:, Iree to travel. 
Send name. address. tel. no. and recent 
phoIo to: P,O, Box 3382 clo H,R.C,A .. 
Sarasota. A. 34230. As BOon as 
poilible. InteNi_s, March 3-4·5. 
E.O.E. (2J20.312) 

The UCSD Guardian 

FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
Crulseshlps. Studenla also needed 
Christmas, Spring, and Summer for 

~P.k8l'l1(lloyman.CaI (800) 
338-3311. Ext. F-3147, (2I20-3I30) 

MafI tutoring at your conveniencel Cal 
the Math DocIOf (T any Craddock) at 
453-n25. (1127-3112) 
Amy, I've seen you last QIr, And finally 
IIWIt you early this qtr. But I haven't seen 
much of you lately; I mils you ... The 
sunset over T arrey Pines Bch is looking 
beautiful these days. Lel'l meet next 
Th. 7:30 p.m. at P.C. Jesse. (2127) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

em., CDUnIIIor: RoughIng • Day Camp Happy 5-monlhs, my silly Pud. Looking 
in sF rod e..t Bay II hiing for Summer forward to Festival of Animation tonight 
19921 (510) 283-3878. Send ,..". b (among other thlngsl). I love you!! -
P.O. Box 1266 Orinda. CA 114563. (2127) Your Sneezer CMeser. (2127) 
Fun position torwell~, outgoing I::: with good movie or video game 

tedge. Mustworl\-'wndB.~ 
in penon. Weat Coast Video, 8895 
Towne een.e Dr. 45:H548. (2127-319) 

PERSONALS 
Need students to interview for student 
production on dance. Please call 
Christine at 552-8664. (2124-2127) 

i 

Hey Alpha Chi Omegal Wriq on you 
was Ile hqlIighI of ow weeki We had a 
blast last Saturday and look forward b 
fIan __ with youl Sigma Nu. (2127) 
Delta Gamma thanks Delta Sigs and 
Fifs lor a great exchange on Friday 
night! (2127) 
Tonja, I'm going to miss you. Del Mar is 
better than Germany so hurry back ... 
Cecelia. (2127) 

IEYCLE 
Get the picture y;;' 

APPAREL DESIGNER ZONE 
~ 

TWEEDS 
CATALOG MERCHANDISE 

& 

GENERRA 
COLLECTION 

Tremendous savings on styles and quality for 
MEN & WOMEN normally found only in better 
stores and catalogs. 

OTHER NAME IUNDS ON SALE 
a B.U.M. EQUIPMENT 

• lItetfPl,ta,'4- Se""a • LINE-UP 
• Spte,et CATALOG AND 

OTHERS WE CAN'T ADVERTISE 



I 

14 

Ploln Old 
lSAI 

preporation 
course 

]ntroducing 
Ronkin's New LSAT Premium Program. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Just because something has been obtain the highest possible score so 
around {or a long time doesn't that you can get into the best law 
necessarily mean it's good. school. Because, as you know, 

The Ronkin Educational Croup is graduating from law school doesn't 
an innovative company that has put guarantee a job. You need to 
together the latest in research, T K ( graduate from the best. 
technology, and teaching So don't take chances by 
techniques in a new lSAT going to an old test 
course. We call it our lSAT preparation company. 
Premium Program and it's Call Ronkin today. 
been designed to help you £DI tAT IOU L &l 0., You deserve the very best. 

(619)587·8600 
I" \1' (.\. \i . (.,\1 • \I( \l . (hll I,; I" ,t" 1\' '\ It." '."" 

Thunday, February 27,1992 

It cadt do laundrY or fmd you a date, 
but it can help you fmd more time for both. 

The new Apple' Macintosh' Classic' II 
computer makes it easier for you [Q juggle 
classes, activities, projects, and term papers-
and still find time for what makes college 
life real life. 

It' a complete and 3ffordable Macintosh 
Classic sys tem that" ready [Q help you get 
your work fini hed fast. [t' . a nap [Q et up 
and use. [t has a powerful 68030 micro-
processor, which means you can run even 
the most sophisticated applications with ea e. 
And its internal Apple SuperDrive'w disk 
drive reads from and writes to Macintosh and 
MS· DOS formatted disks-allowing you [Q 
exchange information easily with 
almost any orher kind of computer. 

" "'Mdt 

In addition to its built-in capabilities, the 
Macintosh Classic II can be equipped with up 
to 10 megabytes of RAM, so you'll be able to 
run several applications at once and work 
with large amounts of data. 

If you already own a Macintosh Classic 
and want the speed and flexibility of a 
Macintosh Classic II, ask us about an 
upgrade-it can be installed in just minutes 
and it's affordable. 

To put more time on your side, consider 
putting a Macintosh Classic II on your desk. 
See us for a demonstration today, and while 

you're in, be sure to ask us for details 
about the Apple Computer Loan. 

It'll be time well spent. 
-";;'-'=",-,-~ " 

- •. 

~ 
7 ~ COMPUTER CENTER 534 - 4291 

OPEN: MON - FRI SAM - 6PM AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

Tbanday, FciJr'*121, 1992 

UCSD ....... CIII,,,S? 
Home ~ In bdd. 

, 

Baseball 
Mar. 5-Southem CaItfomIa CoIIIge-2:OO p.m. 

Golf 

Mar. 2-1.oyo1a Marymount UnIversIly-los Angeles 
• Community CoIlege-1:OO p.m. 

SoftlJ.ll1 

Mar. 3-Azuu PKHIc Un;vnIty (Doubleheader) 
2:00p.m. 

Men's Tennis 

Mar. 4-SUNY-Blnghlmton-3:00 p.m. 
Mar.5-8-Pacific Coast Doubles Championship 

La Jolla Beach Club-All Day 

Women's Tennis 

Mar. 2-Westem IIIchIpn umver.Hy-3:00 p.m. 
Mar. 5-PoInt Lama NIIzInne CoIIege-3:00 p.m. 

Men's Volleyball 

Feb. 29-UnIvIrIIly 01 La y"", -7:00 p.m. 

Women's Water Polo 

Mar.4-Sunaet West Bop T .... -7:OO p.m. 

CARD the pesky Peoria Rivennen or those feisty Phoenix Roadrunners. Just 
c..IIIIuId from .... 9 stick (no pun intended) Lindros on 

I Iarthere'sa fairly decent NJn.. the ice and let him do what he does 
team over in Los Angeles some- best. 
where. Maybe ... well,let 's notjwnp For those of you who have seen 
the gun. an un.. game:, you've noticed the 

So let's just say Lindros does incredibly absurd amount of fight-
decide to sign. What could happen? - ing that goes on. That's because 

For one thing, San Diego will these guys don't really know how to 
have the first ever Lindros-Gretzky play hockey - a fight is as close to 
line (Keith GrettJty that is, but does the real thing as they can get. 
it really make a difference?). In any case, just let Lindros take 

The Gulls would most likely be- on the other team by himself. He's 
gin to draw the larJest crowds in the got the brawn, he 's got the demeanor, 
un., and the Spans Arena might and as my one who saw the Olym-
have to prepare for. flood of season pies knows, he knows what it feels 
ticket bolden all clamoring for the like to get bearen up. 
best sealS. Of course Ihere are a few major 

Of course, the Sports Ara1a will problems with Lindros playing for 
raise the price of box sealS. Gone San Diego. It seems a few of the 
will be the days of the $4 season Gulls players are a liule jea10us al-
ticket. lady. 

This is the big time now. Notb- Gulls defenseRWl and ex·King 
ins less than $7.50 will do for the Ron Duguay is upset because a 
best sealS in the house. clause in the contract that the Gulls 

No longer will the Gulls have to offered Lindros stipulates that Eric 
wony about those tough games with gdS toplay the team 'smascot,Sandy 

The UCSD Guardian 

Prowse Leads 
UCSD at Cal Poly 

Claudine Prowse picked up the 
only win of the weekend for the 
Tritom as the UCSD cycling team 
competed at Cal Poly Pomona on 
Saturday and Sunday of last week. 

At the Mount Saldy time trial on 
Saturday Feb. 22 Dylan Mc-
Reynolds finished in seventh place 
in the men's "S" category and Rick 
Barndt came in 12th. 

In the men's "0" category. Joe 
Nelsen grabbed sixth place for the 
Tritons. 

In the women's "A" category 
OoverGiMcoasred to a ninth-place 
finish, and Jennifer Miller came in 
close behind in 10th. 

In the women's "S" category 
Ouistina Sivalon rode to a fifth-
place finish. 

At the Pomona Campus 
Criterium on Sunday, Joe Lerner 
took eighth-place and Matt Sorensen 
took 10th in the men's "A" cat-
egory. Dermis Dawson and Oavid 
Deyrumy rode their way to 12th and 
13th. 

Cbanning Chen took fifth in the 
men's "S" calegory and teammate 
McReynolds came in 10th. 

For the women. Miller and Ginn 
rode to eighth and ninth places re-
spectively in the "A" category. 

Prowse went on to take UCSO' s 
only win in the women's "B" cat-
egory. 

- Ken PerImIn 

Gull. in between periods and at char-
ity functions. 

It seems Lindros just couldn't 
mlist the attention the crowd gives 
everyone's favorite bird. 

Luckily for the Gulls. they 
quelled the problem byteUing Dugay 
he could drive the Zamboni in every 
home game. 

Sut really, how likely is it that 
Lindros would sign with the Gulls? 
I'm not so sure, 

Yeah, it's an opportunity for 
him that, given his present state, 
might not be so bad. 

Sut. I can't imagine that it could 
be too long before he buckles under 
the pressureand settles with an NHL 
team. 

It will happen. The question is 
when? 

Fornowtbough, wecanjustkind 
of wonder "what if?" And, if it 
doesn't come to be, and he doesn't 
decide to play here, well, that's all 
right too. 

I kind of like Duguay as Sandy 
Gull. 

TIle CoInlc Gallery 
4G4 ..... A_ 

s.1IIIp, CA 12117. __ III BIIIOI. 
Clllri L1llt Dr • .at .. ..., ...... 

(819)4834813 941M........ 87HNo........., 
......... CA t21H Ilm.'I. CA 12021 
............. c... ....... c..... 
(819)178-9444 .... ., .w ......... 

(619)745-5880 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

SPORTS 15 

Charbroiled Chicken 
FREE DELIVERY ~~~~:~ 

IION.-5AT. 
ca.os 

Whole Chicken ........ $1 1.95 
21liii0 ........ 
4 KldIi\' CIidIIn $til 
Half Chicken ............ $5.15 
2 ......... ..... 
2 Ki:IIin CIidIIn $til 
0uaItar Chicken ...... $3.15 
2 ............... 
2 Ki:IIin CIidIIn ... 

ALACAIITI 
Whole Chicken ...... $U5 

~ Chicken .......... SUS 
Quarter Chicken .... $3.95 
----, 

C 0 U P 0 N I $2 I I 

50C extra 
for 
all 

while 
meat 

orders 

11 am to 10 
IIDiORDERS 

Kickln' CIIicllen Btead Sticks ..... 35e 
Com on the Cob .............. $1.19 

!g. SiMH 
Wild Rice $1.89 89C 
Beans $1.89 89C 
Potato Salad $1.89 _ 
Cole Slaw $1.89_ 

IIYDAQU 
PepsI, Die! Pepsi, 
Diet ~ SIioe.~ Root 
Beer, 7-lJp.Diet Hlp 

75c .. 53.49 6-pIk 

,..----
I COUPON 
I $1 I 

OFF I 893S Towne Centre I OFF I Dr. St •• 111 I 
purchase of I RenaIssance Towne Centre I purchase of 

Whole Chicken I next to Harvest Ranch Mall<et I Half Chicken 
Combo I I Combo 

I C OUP ONI 558·4747 I COUPON L ____ ..1 L ____ 

ORREY'S 
La Jolla Marriott 

DANCING TO DJ 
POOL TABLES NIGHT 
BASKETBALL 

$l~!rs $1 ZRL $1 ~ETIZERS 
DRINKS ' 

r---- lPIJm]mn -----, 
I I 
I 2 I ADMISSION I 
: for lvith this coupon : L _________________ ~ 
TORRErs 
ASan Diego Nightclub 
located in the La Jolla Marriott 

4240 La Jolla Village Dr. 
LII Jolla, CA 92037 

(619) 587-1414 ext. 6220 

AUTOPORT MALL MIRAMAR 

TOMS Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively WV and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

'Must presen' coupon and vOlid UCSO 10 at time 01 eslimale 
Not valid wtlh majOr engine Of tronsmission repo ... 

If You Have Friends with VW's. Ask Them 
About Us; If They Haven't Discovered 

Us Yet. Ask Us For References. 
5870 MIRAMAR RD. NEXT DOOR TO DISCOUNT TIRE 

.. --IIIIIIJII--.-----------------------. L ______________ ------.1 



16 

SOCCER 1110/2123 
T_ he. 
MIN'S'AM' 
1. Crazy BIll 3-0-1 
2. Kick Sal RejIcta 242 
3. Kind 241 
4. Men WIllI BIll 2-1 -1 
5. AlbertI III 2 Whipped 2-1-1 
6. Soggy ~ 143 
7. Foker1 1-1·1 
6. The F\ry \-2·1 

MIN'S'M' 
1. SpoIled ball 4-0 

2. Los~ ~1 
3. Enlropr ~ 1 
4. W. Score 143 
5. While Trash 3-0-1 
6. C~hT~1 ~1 
7. Juan Valdez 3-1 
8. Sig Oh Slg 2+ 1 
9. Priapism 3-1 
10. 8 BaU Keep 2-1·1 

MIN'S 'A' 
1. Sphincter Sy~nyH) 
2. Good. Bad & Ugly 4-0 
3. Sin 84M 3-0 
4. Ruck N'RoII 4'() 
5. XCfZ 2'() 
6. Pele's Porlls 341 
7. DrunkBy4 3-1 
8. Green Woodies 3-1 
9. Random Thoughts 242 
10. Team Smack 2·1-1 

WOMEN'SM 
1. Misits ~1 
2. Goal KickeIs ~ 1 
3. We'WI Got No BaIs 2-\-1 
4. We Kick Bals Again 2-1-1 

COlD 'AM' 
I. "'""*. San 
2. DIixIc·. DIIIDIits 
3. CIicb '0' PIInIy 
4. BIll & 8IbII 

COID'M' 
1. GIoin PIA 
2. SIcrIJ SpIring 
3. BIll On Fire 
4. 30 CIOSI 
5. FlaMIing 
6. NI ru & 0IilbIe 
7. Pvwer Tools 
8. 5hockets 
9. Mote Monkey 
10. Mad HacQrs 

COlD 'A' 
1. The Mavericks 
2. ChocoIa18 00nu1s 
3. ReguIat Price $4 $4 
4. 18 LehFeet 
5. Don' Cum In Otx Box 
6. Cha CIlng 
7. Grovelers 
8. DoI.iII&-O-C 
9. Drunken Stupor 
10. PIA h In Hard 

WOMEN'S A 
I. W. K"1Ck Bals 
2. WBettt 
3. Sidewinders 
4. Others 

... 

3.() 
2-1 
2-1 
2-2 

4-0 
3-1 
3-1 
2-1 
2·1-1 
2-1-1 
2-1-1 
2-2 
2-2 
1-1-2 

4'() 
4-0 
341 
3.() 
341 
341 
3-1 
3-1 
3-1 
3-1 

2·1 
2·1 -1 
2·2 
I'() 

FLOOR HOCKEY As 0/2125 
Team he. 
MIN'S 'AM' 
1. Hollander Rules 4'() 
2. More Klcks 4-0 
3. Retirement Cklb 1-2·1 
4. Czechs & BaIaI!CeS 1-2·1 

MlN'SM 
1. Wayne Says GRRRRR 4'() 
2. Man In The Boal 341 
3. Don1 Cum 2'()'1 
4. Dehs 3-1 
5. Men WlOut Halricks 3-1 
6. Pu~n's Holiday I'()'I 
7. We Make The Calls 3-1 
8. Swinging Fury 2-1-1 
9. Kodaks 1-1-1 
10. Boys In The Hood 1·2-1 

MIN'S'A' 
I. SIiQIs In Da Butt 4-0 
2. Tiny Puckers 3-0 
3. CanaQan Gringos 4-0 
4. Here We Go Again 4'() 
5. Pucking Great 2-1-1 
6. Toe C'-e 2-1-1 
7. Big Slicks 2-1-1 
8. ttJngoWIr Jews 2-2 
9. Mother Puckers 2-2 
10. Endless Woodies H -l 

T_ lee. 
WOMEN'S 
1. Hockey SkJIs 4.() 
2. RCHIXCHEK 3-1 
3. Puck You ~I 
4. Wafflelace 3-1 
5. No Controls ~ I 
6. Anese 2-\-1 
7. Hoarded Women ~I 
8. Biohazards Again 2-1 ·1 
9. We Like Big S1id<s 2-2 
10. Slappin' The Stick 2·1·1 

GAMES OF THE WEEK: 
The BIC 'ONE·-ftllobnder RuIn va. 
12 Men ICIcke M .. •• '/4AA' 
'5 M .. w/Out H8trIcks vs. 17 w. 
Melle The C____...·. 'M' 
I1S1k:ks In 0. Butt ft •• 7B1CStIcb-
M-.·.·A· 
'5 No COIItnIIe ft. .7 H ..... 
w.- W .... '. 
12 RCHIXCHEX vs. "w. IAIe .. 

~w_·. 
.. w ....................... 

~-.. 

'Ibc UCSD Guardian Thunday, Pcbruary 27, 1992 

• 

H o o p N I w • 
".,.,,.,,,,,,./tal 1M JlIId 4 

TIle .............. _wlIIfiIiIII • .....,MIrdl2. O',....., .... 3 .... IM .... edJIAA 
Pl.,.,neo.aialewll.-. •• IpICiII ....... 11Ieir ... illO .... CMr. __ .. lie .... 

dIiI~_ ........ IC'eII .... :t " ............. ne ..... f1I ............ 
c:aaIiIaed far .... ....s _'. No ...... • ......... ,..,. ..... 

WIdl.IiIde~rn.dlePBR·799 ............ Wed I ...... a ...... 4, .... ---
wW bec:omepubik. Te.apainI_adYIaed ..... ...,_~ ",.eII (5J4.4037)c.,.rirwIDIII 
... die pIa,oII'iDlo. Nell week • loot It eICII divIIaI· 1111:<- 1 « ...... #11_' • L 

.....,,(.tf2~) 
III. .. 

354 
.. 
418 
271 
325 

408 
217 
305 
281 
223 

M 

211 
211 
2M 

-2112 

215 
300 
m 
231 
253 

1. 
191 
111 
1M 
174 

III. 

w-'. 
1 KidI 01 NIiImIII ~ 
2 UunI'I CIIn ~ 
3 LorcI..,U. 3-1 
4 We MIld MaUIto 2·1 
5 T .... P8R 2-2 

.. 

317 

-
211 
21M 
221 

2011 
tel I. 
106 
115 

478 
343 
175 
4C2 
411 

M 

• 88 
11. 
108 
108 

Fletcher Guns Down Lau 
in Basketball Supershot HAWIIAN FOOTBALL 

PLAYOFFS Three finalists in the Basket· ball Supershot compelilion 
gUlllled il 001 al lasl Tuesday in 
fronl of hundreds of fans in lhe 
Triton Pavilion. PereMial finalist 
Rick Lau entered !he final round 
wilh the most experience and lhe 
highest preliminary score, 69. 
Young guns Mall Flclcher and 
Brian Capella were looking to 
show that il wa time for a 
changing of !he guard. 

Each contestant had one 
minute to hit bockel from any of 
12 spots on the noor. Poims were 
awarded for made shots based on 
the proximity of each valued spot 
(2 points for a layup. 7 for a 3-
poi mer. ctc.). Capella led off, but 
the pressure of perfonning in 
fronl of a big crowd took iI's loll. 
He couldn't even score half as 
much as he had in the preliminary 
round. 

h canne down 10 the old veteran 
and the brash young r re lunan. 
Lau sat back as Fletcher took aim 
nexl and hit a final round record 7 
3-poimers for a S2.S tally. Lau 
knew what he had to do. 

h would lake a new record to 
bring home lhe title. The crowd 
moaned a Lau missed his free-
Ihrow which begins the 60 
seconds. ThaI miss scI the lone 
as Rick never really gOI inlo a 
groove and could only connect on 
6 20-foo bombs leaving him 10.5 
behind the winner Mall ReIcher. 

We are all bot guaranteed of 
crowning a new champion next 
year as MatI is on track to join lhe 
Trilon backcourt next season after 
Silting outlhis cannpaign as a 
redshin. We hope he enjoys his 
short reign as !he campus hoi 
shoI . 

II.!'", Pi::erill 

PIIJoftI far tuwIIIn 
FooIbIII .. poeted In 
tile Clnyonvlew 
Admllllltr8tlwe buJIdnC. 
The PIIyoIfI .,..... 
Friday. FeIMnry 28. 
PrKtIcaIly .n the 
t .... tIaat played this 
,. made the .. yoIfa. 
CoIe'atsI So all 01 you 
should check the 
pIayoI'r brackets to see 
when you play. 

II COSTA VERDE CENTER IDEO GALl FRY Sick of cardboard and ketchup? Try an authentic Chicago style pizza! 
BIGGESI'SELEcnON in the area ~ FREE PARKING 

NEW ... ' .... : DEFENSELESS. OOGAGHT 
• MYSTERY DATE • ANGEL AT MY TABLE ... COII"IOON: 

FREDDIE'S DEAD: THE FINAL NIGHTMARE. BOYZ N' THE HOOD 

Bring this ad to RENT ONE MoVIE and 
get a SECOND RENTAL FREEl 

MoncIIy tlllII Tnur1cIey. EIIpirn 3/5/92. 

eo... Verde Ceaternear Soup Exchange 8751 ee8e •• ee • .-n. 
PIazza CanIeI, Del ... near Vons 38 Valley Caire Dr •• ~ 

JIoua: s...n.u.. II .... .-1 Frt..s.t. II ... 11 .. 

OFF 
ANY LIIGI Plnl 

"...",..", "'""""' ............ IiIM/or...." 
"""""'or ..... ~y'm. 

8873 Villa IAjoIJa Dr.IAJoIIa Village Center 4IM""2 
UCSD's orIgIfIIIl plz%erIIIls sHIl tbe best! 



H2 HIATUS 

Chilcl100d Comes 
To the Big Screen 
+'Radio Flyer' captures what it's like to be a 
child without turning the kids into 'little adults' 
ByTedSunoo 
Gusrrilan Reporter 

Doyou remember the time when 
the clubhouse was your impennc-
able fortress, monsters haunted your 
bedroom, and escape was possible 
by imagination? Often as adults, we 
lose touch with all the youthful magic 
that made us happy as children. We 
see our use of imagination and fan-
tasy that we conside~ powerful 
tools in our youth bludgeoned by 
the prevailing cynicism and harsh 
realities of the world today. 

In the cinema world, we have 
seen, in the past, attempts by Holly-
wood to depict the characteristics 
and fcclingsof ourchiJdhood mem0-
ries which we find so endearing 
(when we actually take time out 
from our busy schedule to remem-
ber them). But rarely do we see 
children as they really are-rather, 

we repeaaedly witness wisecrack-
ing carica&ures as seen through the 
eyes of grown-ups or even mini-
adults. 

With "Radio Ayer," however, 
weexperienceagenuine~by 
director Richard Donner ("Super-
man", "Lethal Weapon L n, mel 
IIIj to look at the world through the 
eyes of children, specifically those 
of two young brothers. 

"Radio Ayer" opens with Tom 
Hanks playing stOJYleller for his 
two young sons. The setting then 
reverts back to the late '60s, with 
young Mike and his little brother 
Bobby on the road with newly di-
vorced mom Lorraine Bracco 
("Good fell as, .. "The Medicine 
Man''). 

Here we see the standard charac-
ter introductions and plot develop-

See RADIO, Page H7 

TbcUcma-Nim 

MoviE REViEWS 

film: "Radio Flyer." 
Plot: 1\vo kids escape 

reality with a 
flying red wagon. 

Woith $6.501: Yes. 
Rim: "Stop, or My 
Mom Will Shoot." 
~:Spoofofbuddy­

cop genre. 
Worlh $6.501: Only 
if you're a die-hard 

Stallone fan. 

8895 TOWNE CENTRE 
453-4548 

Tluulday, Fcbnary 21,1992 

Stop, or I'll Make 
Mo • , ¥Ie. 

+'Stop, or My Mom Will Shoot!' is a humorous 
poke at Hollywood-created police heroes 
., All KMwIIz 
SIMr..,.. 

"Stop. or My Mom Will Shooc!" 
must be one of the strangest cop 
8CIion comedies yet relealed, fea-
turina SylVClllCrSlallonemel Estelle 
Geuy as a most unlikely duo. The 
film is li~ the humor is 
oflbcat, mel the result is pretty sur-
prising. 

From the beginning, it is appu-
cnc that Joe Bwnowski (Stallone) is 
a tough alp, in the tnldition of Clint 
Eastwood mel Mel Gibson. When 
criminals shoot at him. all it does is 
make him upset. When his fellow 
officers are shot, he gets pissed off. 
He's a man without a weakness ... 
almost. 

Bumowski's been calling his 
mom, Tutti (Getty), evel)' day to 
keep her from visiting him How-
ever, his mom woo't answer the 

phone, refusina 10 be put off yet 
apin. He his good reason to tty to 
keep heraway---she is his one weak-
ness.. She walks around with aU of 
his baby pictures, rells toIal sarang-
en about his childhood problems, 
mel lIaIS him like a second-grader. 
She SIIlIIShcs his manliness like no 
criminal ever could. 

Tutti is almost as tough as her 
son. She makes him back down on 
every issue. and she cooks and cleans 
at all hours of the night. While Joe 
is asleep, Tuui discovers his diny 
gun. She cleans it with lots of abra-
sives-ruining it She goes to a gun 
store to get Joe a replacement. but 
mste.1 is guided down a side SIRlet 
by a very large man who shows her 
his van full of submachine guns. 
She makes her purchase and starts 
heading home when she happens to 

See STOPt, Page H6 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
L.....lIIlIIIIIl!!!iiil~ __ Daily gaa pcnn. hard Brown eyes to blue 
-[neludes: CL exam, care kit. myopic lenses, 30 

Brands include B&L, Cooper, WJ, 
Parapenn, Boslon. 

IOffrrop/la )1"'91/ 

• 
• 

• 

Cu.El1ONT' 
27901858 

KENSINGTON 
283-&818 SS8S Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 3938 Adams Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri. 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 

Professional looking reports bound for you DO YOU HAVE? 
-·,:~~ ,c;0~ii.l0:"q7:··~·:·;":%~:r::~,,,,!~~ti,~· fu,~g.., .... 5 \!~·~~gM~~~'" 
1st . 
lmpression 
Report Binding Service 

• We will bind your report while you walt 
-you pay only for the prtce of the cover. 

• Pages can be placed In blndlns md 
later removed or repositioned. 

• Covers are available In a variety of 
styles and sizes. 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
SUPPUES DEPARTMENT 834 - 3786 
OPEN: lION· FAI tAM ·IPII AND SAT 10AM - 5PM 

• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepatitis A 

• Chlymadia 

!an$$$ 
You may have anlibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnoslics, plus earn up 

to $100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LAIOUTOIIU 

226·1733 
-

Ilil~1 

OJ 

Thunday, Fcbnaary 21,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

THiNGSTODO THiSWEEK 

FRIDAY: Get ready for a UCSD weekend featuring two nights of 
Jazz. P ~ .... all II kicks things offwith hisLatinJazz Ensemble. 
Sanchez has perfonned in jazz festivals at Concord, Montreux and 
Monterey. Now he has come full circle and is playing at UCSD's 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets are $12 for students. $ 14 for senior 
cilizens and $16 for general admission. 

SAruRDAY: A fundraising concen to benefit the c.Iro 
1:1111 ..... lie ..... House of Suffering, Sprung Monkey, Sub 
Society. Herion, and 411. Type of music: heavy. Type of audience: 
rowdy. Volume: loud. The show is only $5, and the proceeds go 
toward the continued preservation of the West's indigenous cultures. 
The fun beains at 8 p.m, and you can call 235-6135 for more 
information. 

New World Music and Sound is hosting ... ldIcII '82 at the 
Holiday Inn at Montgomery Field. Musictech "is a consurner-oriented 
event" whe~ consumers can tl)' out the latest in high-tech music 
gizmos and instrument technology . The event showcases instruments, 
recording equipment. computer hardware and software. MIDI gear, 
and more fun stuff. The show continues Sunday and i open from I I 
a.m. to 7 p.m Call 569-1944 to find out more. 

SUNDAY: Jazz musicianllnWllltfllldandhisJazzTriowili 
be playing al UCSD·s very own Price Center Theater. The New York 
Times calls Whitfield ''the best young guitarist on the scene today." 
Who knows ifhis taIenl can support such a claim, but if he even come 
close. it will be wonh the $5 student admission price. General 
admission tickets are $9 and senior citizens get in for just $7. Call the 
UCSD Box Office for more info: 534-6467. 

WEDNESDAY: SDSU Professor Ron Shane brings his band 
Savage Paradise to the Price Center for a nooner. No. this isn't the 
typical nooner, this is a.-CGIIra, pan one of a three part theatrical 
performance written by Shane. 

The show features Shane's prolific verse and several female danc-
ers. According to the press release, .. 'Lunar Cobra' expands the 
aesthetic scope and passionately treats the universal i ues which are 
discerned in Nietzsche's Beyond Good and Evil ... [Lunar Cobra] i 
the longest single non-narrative exoteric, poetic e say produced in the 
latter ponion of the 20th CentUJY." 

A...,'" 
Money Buys 
Happiness? 
We do our best at Hiatus to 
keep from running blatant 
ads disguised as stories. 
WeU, this blatant ad isn't 
disguised at all. Blurp 
Balls, from the Ertl 
Company, are really cool 
deviations on the Mad Ball 
idea. Blurp Balls vomit 
when you squeez them. 
What do they vomit? Each 

CONTINUING: TheUCSDF_1Ir 1Exllllllllaa18l2conlin- one vomits something 
ues at the Mandeville Gallel)'.lt's free, so go and check it out. different. Check one out. 

HTHE BEST YOVNG 
GVITARIST 
ONTHESCfNf 
TODAyr 
New York Times 

"aUINTlOIIY 
uCSP UN'Y .... "... 
EVIHTI 0".,. 

THIS SUNDAY! 
MARCH 1 

8PM 
PRICE CENTER 

THEATER 
VCSDST. $s 

qA $9 
SR.CIT. $7 

VCSD BOX OFFICE 
534·6467 

.". . 

HIATUS H3 

• All you have to do to win is write down the label Perspex islallci • 
• ison. bring it to theGl/ardiall office by Friday at 3 p.m .• and you could • 

win one of three pairs of tickets and an autogrnphed CD. Boy, isn'l 
• that fun!? • 
• Record Co.: • 
• Name: Phone# • 
• Put this coupon into the "Official Hiatus Contest Box" right away. • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 



H4 HIATUS 

• Pacific Beach park's 
excitement coasts to a crawl 
By ...... 1IucMnme,w 
Senior Staff Writer 

"Wow. like. far out dude. this place i 
soooo rad. I knew dl81 California was a 
killer place. Like. this is exactly whall 
envisioned California to be!" 

'1llat's what wrong with America. 
honey-Califomia. " 

Belmont Park is the epitome of Califor-
nia. Located next to the ocean in Pacific 
Beach, it's the kind of place you'd lake 
your parents, or friends from Ohio, to 
cunningly get their reaction to thi Holly-
wood-like depiction of the Southern 
California culture. Don't take them there 
for the allractions like the small historicaJ 
roller coaster - even though it's sure to 
interest at least some of your guests. Take 
them there for what Belmont has most to 
offer. It people. 

Security Guard Antonio Webb enjoy 
working at the park because it's a place 
where you can have a good time. but more 
so because it's a great place to meet dozens 
of "interesting" people - Califomians to 
beexoct. 

Belmont Is Its people 
Decorating the en!rance to the park are 

men with long greased hair and black 
leather jackets - GQ meet Hell's Angels. 
Here you can intimidate your first-time 
visitors and add credibility to the myth that 
Californians either ride motorcycles, skales, 
or urtboard . Strolling along the Board-
walk, your party might nearly be run over 
by rollerskaters listening to a Walkman or 
those who defy the elements by going 
tople ,or nearly topless, in chilling 
weather conditions. 

At Carousel Cosmetics, the park' 
women's boutique. employee Heather Van 
Cleeve describes some of the people that 
hang out at Belmon! as "seedy" and 
"grodie." She complained of a minor theft 
problem in the store that was a resull of the 
number of tran ients. Directly outside tbe 
tore, numerous "mall chicks"lurk,leaving 

one wondering whether these girts are the 
ones without a real home. 

While the people are indeed (probably) 
different than anything your friends are 
used to, everything else about the park is 
just like any other tourist antaction. 

NotNICnew ... 
The park has a long history that you may 

not be imerested in, but perhaps your folks 
would be. especially if your old man is into 
reading postcards. 

The Belmont Park Museum Gift Shop 
gives the professional tourist exactly what 
they alway look for. Two walls of the four-
walled museum are dedicated to the history 
of Belmont Park itself. The park first 
opened on July 4. 1925 and remained open 
until December of 1976. The owner 
complained of shrinking profits and rising 
insurance rate for operating the roller 
coaster. During the park's l4-year hiatus it 
was plagued by numerous vandal and 
arsoni ts and it wasn't until Aug. 11,1990 
that the roller coaster was reopened. 

"Fascinating." your dad and friends 
exclaim as they move to the next wall. The 
third wall impresses your tour group with 
the coaster's specifications. It has a 
maximum height of 73 feet and reaches 
speeds of SS mph. 

If your friends and family are really 
from Ohio then they already know where 
the fastest and tallest roller coasters in the 
world are. "Ott look honey, here's our 

Tbc UCSD G.....u.a 'I1wndar, Fcbnury 21,1992 

COVER STORY 

mmer 

oww ..... - Roller coaster enthusiasts plummet down a 73 ft. drop on -GIant Dipper.· 

Slate, and sure enough, there's Cedar 
Point." The wall contains a map of the 
locations of the country's other roller 
coasters as well as photos and descriptions 
of the world's two tallest and fastest roller 
coasters located in Sandusky, Ohio. 
Impressed by the fact that Ohio has beller 
roller coasters than Califomia, your parents 
and friends would rush past thaa fourth wall, 
that of the cash register, and quickly out the 
door. 

uOh, wow!" screams your best buddy as 
they leave the museum and bead straight for 
Oaispas Family Arcade, "I've seen one of 
these before!" The arcade offers all the 

UpY_fIo 
The operator 

of Belmont 
Park's 

·Circulator· 
lifts a young 
girt onto the 

machine. 

latest games including the bloody "Termi-
nator 2 - Judgement Day," and "Final 
Gap," the latest version of Atari's original 
"Pole Position." except this one moves the 
entire body and forces the driver to 
manually wipe the windows and keep the 
headlights illuminated. Your dad cries after 
you rip him away from 1'2 and you remind 
him that he used to COII!pIain about how 
violent America is. 

Directly outside the Arcade sits "Dream 
Weaver," the balloon-twisting clown. He's 
an attraction in himself and rells on-lookers 
that he's been doing litis job for nearly 10 

See REI MONT, Page H6 

WHATToDoiN 
BELMONT PARK 

,'," l~ ' 
.':- .. ",' -..;, 

.' ... : Y'" ,';,,<~ lif',' '. ' ''' ... ~ . ~ . 
y , 

.. 
" . x. ~. 

' .", -, ' (" fI""" " . 
-n. __ Din ..... 
• Belmont Par1<'s main attraction 
is this newly renovated roller 
coaster. TIckets are $2 a ride. 
New hours: Fri.-5un. 11 a.m. to 10 
p.m., Mon.-Thurs. 11 a.m. to 8 
p.m. 

....... Cllc 1.tW" 
• It's kind of hard to describe. 
It's basically a giant whir1ing thing 
that spins you up, around and 
upside-down. It's not a good idea 
for those of you who don't have' a 
strong stomach because you're 
liable to toss your cookies. The 
cost of a spin is $3.99. 
.. ......... 

• It's a pathetic excuse for 
bumper cars. There are 10 mini-
cars enclosed in a mirrored room 
about the size of a walk-in closet. 
You drive around for three minutes 
for the bargain price of $2 for one 
ride or $5 for two rides. Whoopee. 

"CI ...... I'"A,IIy ArcIIde· 
• Wall-towall video games and 
pinball machines. Pretty packed. 

"'Pit In • Arc8de. 
• For the little kiddies and those 
young at heart. It looks like Chuck 
E. Cheese's and it even gives out 
prizes. 

-n.PI.I ... • 
• This hu~s indoor pool is 
open to the public and also serves 
as a fitness club. During the 
summer they have "[)Ne.Jn" 
movies where everyone comes 
and sits in innertubes in the pool 
and watches cool movies like 
-Jaws" and "The Swamp Thing." 
Call 48er3110 for times. 

..... ,. ........ . 
• look and sound like a rock star! 
Well, not really. They offer audio 
recordings, a magazine portrait 
studio and dcHt~rself music 
videos. 

"c.au..e Ca ....... 
• Women's boutique that has 
some really cool neon stuff. It·s 
advertising draw is that almost 
everything is for $1, but all the 
really good stuff is more than a 
buck. 

.I, __ ."d 
• It looks like they ran out of room 
In the mall and squeezed this in 
next to the tJcket booIhs. ~ 
Go-Rounds In aIwIr;s fl.r1 and 
tickets are only $1. 

Thunday, Pebruary 27,1992 The UCSD Guardian HIATUS 5 

Yes, ViJW'1ia, 
• IS 

a credit II_lion 
for students 

~ 
with full membership 
privileges 

• 22 full-selVice 
branch locations 

• 12.5~/cPR VISA 
• Checking Accounts 
·A1MCards 
• Government backed 

Student Loans 
• Low Cost Auto Loans 
• Day & Night 

Account access 
• and much more. 
We've seIVed students since 
1978, and over 1,500 UCSD 
students are among our 85,000 
members. More than 1 ,(xx) have 
A1M Cards, more than 300 have 
checking accounts, nearly 400 
carry our V isa cards, and more 
than 400 have signature credit 

lines, Plus, more than 
400 have other types 
of MFCU loans. 

) None of these figures 
include government 

backed student loans. 
Mission Federal has in-

vested morethan$l00mil-
lion in these loans __ IF 
since 1980 and a 1991 

report shows us as the largest 
San Diego based "student loan" 
lenderCand the only lcxallender 
offering all three types of gov-
emmentbackedloans.) 
'This isn't news, but we thought 
a reminder might be welcome. 

SERVING THE EDUCATIONAL COMMUNITY ® 
Rates, ~, conditions, and services subject [0 change. All loans subjeC1to credit approval. V92 



I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

H6 HIATUS 

---------------1 
• I 

COFFEE 
& TEA 

OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS 

• 

2 for 1 • ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS 
vdlid wilh coopon ~nd ludffll 10 only. EMpire< JlJ 1192. 

STORE HOURS 
M-Th 7 am-l0 pm; F-Sal. 7 am-II pm; Sun. 7 am-9 pm 

LIVE MUSIC 

• 

Wed. & Thurs., 7-9:30 pm, Fri. & Sat. 8-10 pm 
~---

8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 11 0 ~ 
San Diego, CA 92122 • (619) 453-9252 ~ 

------------------------

• Want to work with kids? 
• Last chance 
• Make a difference 

aSk 
............ -. 

A.S.K. is a tutoring program that gives 
college students a chance to work with 
elementary school children. It only takes 
two hours a week and dedication. 
For more info call the 
Volunteer Connection 
534-1414 

IL _ O_ G _ O __ CON T EST 
H elP Ihe Commuter Siudent Service Orlice design a new logo for their 
depamncnl. The conlCSI will run for Ihree weeks. We will announce the winner 
and award lhe prizes lhe second week of March. 

Rules of/he Contest: 
1. Prepare an 8 112 x 11 logo on white paper depicting the 
concepts (individually or collectively) of renting off campus, 
roommates off campus. or commuting to campus. 
Deadline Is Friday, March 6,1992. 
2. The logo will be judged on: 
a. Creativity 
b. Clarity 
c. Relation to the concepts stated in .1 
d. Appropriateness for public display 
3. The logo must have your home address and telephone 1# on 
the back. The logo will become the property of Commuter Student 
Services and must be delivered In person to our office. 
4. Only one entry per person. The contest will be judged by a 
panel of faculty. adminislrators. and students. Winners will be 
notified by phone on March 11 , 1992, and the names of the 
winners will be prinled in the March 12, 1992, Guardian. 

ARST PRIZE: One night for two II tilt lJI JoIII IIIntoft 
SECOND PRIZE: Dinner for two ($25 VIIue) II c.rtaIllIrphyl, lJI JoIII 

We look loIward to ~ ~ at 
Commuter Student SerYIC8I OffIce 

SUIenI c.n. tieing'S', mail codI 03(1 
534-3670 

Tbc UCSD Guardian 

-
C ............... IM 
years. "Only in California." your 
dad oornpbUns. "can a person get 
away with makinaalivina painting 
his face five differenl colors and 
playina with balloons." 

The park offers ocher tourist at-
tractions thai are sure to anract kids 
and adults. An air-filled tidal wave 
provides a bactgroundforfake surf-
inapictwes. 

Also. like runerousother.nuse-
ment parts, Be1moot offers a video 
recordina studio, where visiton are 
taped trying to sing along with their 
favorite artists. 

Even if no one you know wants 
to give it a try, it's entertaining to 
stand and WalCh the silly tourists 

li~ ync. 
For small children, the park in-

cludes a carousel and the Primetime 
Arcade that looIcsexactly likeOluck 
E. Oleese's game room. The mall 
also includes a tiny arena for bumper 
cars-did I already say it was tiny? 

And yes, there are several places 
to eal. Don't take the group to the 
restaurant that serves Gyros, how-
ever. Fi~t of all, they aren't that 

good. Second of all, they're likely 10 
pronounce them "jiroes," and noc 
"heroes. .. a sure sign that maybe 
they aren't experienced Gyro-mak-
ers. 

Imtead. try the Red Onion Mexi-
can Bar and GriD, where kids eat for 
free on Wednesdays.. After dinner, 
there's a choice of tIRe dessert 0p-
tions: Jfai&en-Dazs icecream.cook-
ies from the Blue QUpCookie Store 
and an overpriced fudge factory. 
The selections are all equally good. 
and if your friends and parents are 

sucke~forsweets, then you'll pr0b-
ably want to sample aU three. 

By the time you get through des-
sen, the sun bas probably set and the 
rollerskater5 have probably headed 
over to wherever rollerskate~ go at 
night, the mall chicks are drifting 
overto some other mall chick hang-
out. and the excitement at Belmont 
Park dies down. 

The excitement at Belmont re-
ally doesn't have much to do with 
the park itself. Instead, it lies in the 
people. So if you're heading over to 
PB for the roller coaster, make a 
u-turn and head toward Ohio where 
there are really no exciting people, 
but some really great rides. 

Thunday, February 27,1991 

STOPI 
COnIII .......... H2 
witness a gunfight and a murder. 
Tutti withholds information from 
the police to help Joe get promoted, 
and Joe gets stuck with her as a new 
partner on this case. 

The writers must have had some-
thing against theirmothe~, because 
Bwnowski's mom really gets the 
short end. and not from the crimi-
nals - from Joe. 

Since she consrantly humiliates 
him, and he's worried about endan-
gering her, he continually traps her 
to keep her safe. Joe begins having 
nightmares about his mother, and 
the audience can certainly empa-
thize - it' s diffICult for anyone to 
listen to Estelle Getty at her most 
annoying. 

Putting all the outrageous and 
deliberate comedy aside, this movie 
wens fairly well. The film works 
because it is a funny spoof of the 
good copibad cop mov ie genre, and 
there aren'l enough of this type 
around. This is nol Kindergarten 
Cop. This is farce targeting 
Schwanzenegger, Eastwood, and 
even Stallone .. It's about time. 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

planes, 
trains, 

autoJllOo 
bUes 

and mau.r 
ether ,..,. III 

pttiJII 
around aud 

pttincawa, 
caD be fouDd 

in the 
a-.. 
d ..... 0-__ 

......... 

........ 

0... .... 
... 0-.1 
.... 

AT EXTRAORDINARY PRICES! 

I OW you can keep upyoor active lifestyle 
with lighted tennis 
courts, sand voUey-
ball courts and fully 
equipped fitness 
centers, just steps 
from your own 
front door. 
• Fumlshed and unfurnished studiO. one and two bedrooms 
• Locations close to campus 
• Take advantage or Oakwood's reduced deposits with letter 

or enrollment or campus 1.0. 
You'lI also enloy Oakwood 's resort quality swimming pools, 
spas. saunas, party rooms, big screen 1V roomlss •• ",~I)~~ 
and barbecue areas. • 

For In'onnaUon or rcscrvaUons on locations In Paclnc Beach. Coronado. MI88Ion 
Vallcy or Lo Jolla please call 619-490-2400. Or 'or InronnaUon on over 50 
locaUons naUonwide please call 1-800-888-0808. 
Mod Is open dally 9-6. ~ no pets. 

--·-·-·-·-----·-·-·-·1 

RESENT THIS 
COUPON FOR S~~ O\~GO ONE FREE RIDE! 

Otol1 ,,..t.". Expires: April 1, 1992 \\i\.~ MUST BE 54· TAlL TO RIDE. 
l._._._. ___ ._._._._._._. ___ ._. ___ ._._._.:" 

'l'banday, February 17,1992 

RADIO 
c ............... H2 
ment as this family SbUllles to find 
new life in LA. It seems thai there 
were too many bad memories in 
their old home in New Jersey. but I 

. a\leSS that goes without saying. 
The film takes a tum to the dark 

side as Mike and Bobby mUSl deal 
with a new stepfalher.simplyc:alled 
"the King." His c:onsIant beer-guz-
zIina and violent tendencies toward 
the children prove to be' a chilling 
and disturbing portrayal. 

It is interesting that the camera 
never really gives us a good look at 
the King's face. We just get low 
camera angles showing him from 
the waist down, or his face hidden in 
the shadows. This adds to the feel-
ing of experiencing the movie from 
a child's point of view. And since it 
is being told as a story by Hanks, we 
feel that the kids do not remember, 
or place any value, on the memory 
of the King's face, but instead focus 
on his brutal actions. 

The strengths of "Radio Ayer" 
(rated PG-13) lie in the recapturing 
of youth. as Elijah Wood and Jo-
seph Mazzello provide natural, exu-
berant perfonnances. Their realistic 
wondennent at flying and nature, 
theirdismay and tension when faced 
with bullies, and ocher reactions to 
childhood experiences promptly 
touches base with everyone's child-
hood memories. As Hanks says in 
the movie, "grown-ups are not in 
the frame of mind to understand." It 
is funny how children considerthem-
selves to be smancr than adults, 
which is often thecase, and that they 
feel it is their responsibility to pr0-
tect adults. 

1bc UCSD Guardian 

2SUh Vear 
Guadalajara Summer Session 

June 26 - July 31, 1992 
eour.. tuIy ~ by 1he Western AaIOCialion of Schools and Colleges ;:: 
(WASC). SpMish lInguege at .1 levell, 81-1inguaJ and Special Education " 
inducing ESl and Reading Education, Art, EQOnOmica,HilpaniC Sludies, :~ 
Hislary, foil Dance, Ullllrature, Guitar, Po~ticaI Science, Cross·Culturai 'j 
Studies. Tuition: $600 tor 1-8 undergl'llCl.laae units, $640 lor 1-8 graduate 
units. Four CAldt Mini Sesliana: $400. Room and board in a Mexican Holt 
Home: $650. ~t 8Ild Ho ... aocommodalions avaiable. 

Fot itJIDrrMtion: 
G4wWajera Summar Seuion, University of San Diego. AIcaI' Park, San 
Diego, CA 1121 10-2492, (619) 260-<4598. 

The "Sun" is always shining at 
~ Holiday CI. Trim & Tan CQ 11 (near UCSD) 4:i51-1l19D!1.' 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

°Flrst !Im" c/~nU dilly with !hl. coupon. 

~~_ 30 TAN DAYS $29 
Call lor deIaIIs • 2nd 30 IM1 days $39.99 

I.oM 6" GuarlntHd! 
European Body Wrar:rOnly $48 
Not a tremporary waler lou • Reduce cellul~e and stretch maills 

ri---------, 
1 FREE \e 1 
1 s 0. 1\'\ ~'CCnERATOR 1 1.!~1!l1!~~~~:...L _ ~!:::,.~~ ~':..Y1~2 

WrIte for the Glad-. 
We are always looking for new writers. For more infonna-
tion, stop by the Guardian offICe on the second floor of 

the Old Student c.na.. Or call 534 6580. 

"5 " ... ' " . . . }'~ ~ . 

.. ' 
.' . 

. . 

HIATUS H7 

r---=·UCSD --
FLOWER BASKET 

I ~-;'E,R~~Y* 
.... .... • 120 millimum pwdIue • wilhiD S mile radius or campUi 

Exp.3I12/t2 
Nol .. ~d willi 
-1 other otr.r, 

as always, 10% off when you 
visit the store with your UCSD ID 

4S5-I&45 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am·8 pm 

Reg. $40 value 
Our deslgners specialize 
in customizing Perlect 
Perms each and every 
lime. We consider your 
hair's texlule. growth 
direction and desired 
style. This is a peffec1 
lime for a Perfecl Perm 
and receive a $40 value 
for only $19.95 

FREE . HaIr style • 2-. boIIIe of Aloe 0.1 CoIdtb •• c.rtIIcaI. for a SUper Deep CoIIdIIIoI.1g or a GlazIng on your !WIt WIt 
Long 0 • .,.., opocIoI!y _1IigIw!y 1Iignot, AppoImmonI_. 0It0r __ 1~. 1l1112. No4 good __ ~. 

we (.ore · hoi r costa Verde Center 
8750 Genesee (behind Soup Exchange) 587 -cun 

----~----~-----~----
1 $.695 I SAVE $2 1 SAVE $1 1 $100 1 
1 care Cut Wet 1 on 1 on any &-oz. or larger 1 Off 1 
1 SAVE $1 1 ~~ 1 ~ 1 onCut 1 
1 Wllh 1hls coupon. I _1hIs coupon. I Wllh1h/s coupon. I Wrth 1hIs~' . 1 

One coupon per Iritit. One oaupon per >1111. One coupon per >ltII. One coupon per--
I E.qJirn:l"5I92. 1 ExpIr-n3l15192. I e..pIrH:l'l5192. I ~pi"':l'I5192. , \loid on s.. No ~ Void on Sat No • • Void on Sat No • . \loid on Sat No ~ 

L_~_l_~~~ __ ~_l_~~~ 

• 

• 

JlRTCI1RVED 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
GIFTS AND CLOTHING 534 - 7106 
OPEN: MON· FRI 8AM· 6PM AND SAT 10AM· 5PM 


