
Dan McOoweIIGua'Iian 
These two students were among the demonstrators who flooded on to 1-5 Friday afternoon, 
blocking traffic and demanding a meeting with Chancellor Richard Atkinson. 

Chancellor Complies With Two 
Demands After 1-5 is Occupied 
By Mary Betty ...... 
News Editor 

After Chancellor Richard Atkinson de-
nied requests Thursday to participate in a 
press conference and to lower campus flags to 
half-mast, ralliers took their protest to the 
chanceUor'scomplexandthenontolnterstate 
5 to induce the chancellor to speak to them. 

While the procesters listeciseveral demands 
to the media as they sat on the freeway, they 
did not budge until 3:20 p.m., when one of 
their demands was met, as Lieutenant Tom 
Thomas of the California Highway Patrol 
announced that Atkinson agreed to meet with 

the procestors at 4 p.m. in the Oceanview 
Lounge at Third College. The protestors, who 
earlier refused to delegate a small group to 
speak with the chancellor at an appointed time 
this week, contested the meeting place and 
insisted that the chancellor meet with them at 
the Price Center instead. 

At that point, Thomas had also threatened 
that the protest had been declared an unlawful 
assembly and officers would forcibly remove 
the protestors from the highway. 

The ralliers reorganized and marched, 
many holding hands raised in the air, up the 

See A1XINSON, Page 3 

Action against 
acquittal takes 
demonstrations 
into the streets 
By ErIc Schmidt and Sheryl Wolcott 
Associate News Editors 
and Francisco DeVries 
Staff Writer 

An integrated group of UCSD students and 
faculty gathered at several emotionally-<:harged 
rallies and protests for three days following the 
theacquinaJ off our police officers charged in the 
beating of motori t Rodney King last week. 

Protests included the obsnuction of Interstate 
5 and a La Jolla intersection, a march to the San 
Diego Federal Building on Saturday and rallies 
on the Main Gym steps Thursday and Friday. 

Protests began with a Thursday noon r.1lly at 
the gym steps which led to a march on the Price 
Center, the UCSD poLice station and Chancellor 
Richard Atkinson's office. 

Students blocked traffic at the La Jolla Vil-
lage Drive-Villa La Jolla intersection for nearly 
two hours in procest after a meeting of the 
African-American Student Union (AASU) that 
evening. 

On Friday, students met again at the gym for 
a rally and march to 1-5, where approximately 
500 students held up southbound traffic for an 
hour and a half, demanding to meet concerning 
the King verdict with Atkinson. 

Atkinson agreed to a 4 pm. meeting that day, 
and the crowd moved to the Price Center. 

A Satwday night rally in front of the San 
Diego Federal Building stretched forthree hours 
and led to six arrests. Students and faculty from 
UCSD joined the crowd of about 400 to 500 in 
thedemonstratiom and asrandoffagainst police. 

During the various protests, windows were 
broken in the Price Center and the chancellor's 

INSIDE .•. 
Loss of Focus 

The acquinal of four Los 
Angeles police officers accused of 
using excessive force against 
Rodney King wa'i outrageou . but 
no more outrageous than the 
violence which followed. People 
have every right to voice their 
indignation at this verdict. Indeed, 
they hould. But the voices of the 
truely outraged have been slowly 
stifled by thugs and opportunists 
with their own, distinctly different 
agendas. Now, as the flames die 
down and order is re ·tored, it is 
time for all people to begin the 
process of restoration, regardless of 
the color of their skin / PAGE 4 

INDEX 
Opinion ........ .... .. ... ........ .. .. 4 
Spectacle ...... ... .. ............ 51 
Classifieds .............. .. .. ...... 8 
Sports ....... .. .. ........ ......... 12 

office, a fl ag was burned and a news 
photographer's tripod was broken, but most 
students remained non-violent, working to hold 
back their pugnacious friends. 

Thursday's protest, which started as an WlOr-
ganized gathering, got underway as Fifth Col-
lege frrst-year student Keyneica Jones took the 
initiative and spoke before a crowd of approxi-
mately600. 

"When I heardabour [the verdictl, all 1 could 
do was cry. But this goes beyond tears; forget the 
tears," Jones said before the gathering. 

Following heropeningspeech, several dozen 
See PROTEST, Page 2 

West Coast Colleges Decry Decision 
• Attempts to shut down freeways made by 
San Diego State and University of Washington 

SDSU administrators also closed 
other campus buildings, fearing a 
student takeover. The SDSU food 

Reactions to Verdict Vary 
Among UCSD Students 

By ...... SneI 
Senior Staff Writer 

Students at universities up and 
down the West Coast reacted to the 
verdict in the Rodney King case 
with outrage. 

Across town at San Diego State 
University, there was some looting 
as students participated in both vio-
lent and non-violent procests. A 
groupofapproximately IOOdemon-
strators began marching around the 
SDSU campus Friday afternoon, and 
then blocked traffIC on College Av-
enue while chanting .. What do we 
want? Justice! When do we want it? 

services director closed down 
Now!" SDSU'sCourtyard Cafe early in the 

The demonstration took a violent afternoon. Pizzas were delivered to 
tum when protesters burned an 
American flag and opposing pro-
testers shouted racial slurs. 

Protesters then made their way 
toward Aztec Shops, the campus 
store, where members of the group 
suggested that they should begin 
looting. TIle group, pelted by water 
balloons as it approached the store, 
ended up setting fire to a rack con-
taining copies of the Daily Azt~c 
newspaper. Campus Store Director 
Phil Robbins promptly closed Aztec 
Shops for the day. 

students living in residence halls later 
that evening. 

Anothergroupofabout60SDSU 
students marched down College 
Avenue toward Interstate 8 Friday, 
but the group did not attempt to 
block the freeway. 

The Aztec Shops and a 7- 11 store 
on College Avenue were both looted 
by groups which included some 
people identified as SDSU students. 

"They stole beer, gum, condoms 
and whatever else they could get 

See COLLEGES, Page 2 

From Staff Reports 
Students at UCSD had differing opinions of the controversial 

verdict that acquitted the four Los Angeles police officers accused 
of using excessive force against Rodney King. While most felt that 
the verdict was outrageous, students disagreed on whether the 
rioting in Los Angeles was opportunistic or understandable, and 
whether the subsequent rallying at UCSD made a difference. 

CaraleJohnson. an African-American Fifth College senior whose 
mother lives in the Crenshaw district of Los Angeles said she felt the 
verdict was completely wrong. 

"Even though they say, 'This man is on drugs, this man is 
uncontrollable,' you don ' t need that many people to subdue one 
person. So the verdict, I think, was completely wrong, completely 
wrong - I think it's just a barbaric verdict," she said. 

Arunabh Lath, a Third College sophomore, added, "I think the 
See REAcnONS, Page 3 



2 NEWS 

PROTEST 
ContInued from .... 1 
studenIs spoke info the microphone of their 
anger, saOOe5s. hale, love and hope forchange 
which characIerized the meetings of the next 
two days. 

The Rally 
Thursday's protests of the King verdict in-

cluded a three-hour rally, a march through the 
campus and a 9(HninUle obsttuctioo ofttaffic at 
a La Jolla intersection. 

ProtesIs began at noon when a group of 
approximaJely 600 students met in front of the 
Main Gym to n:act to the jurors' decisioo,racism 
and the post-verdict violence in Los Angeles. 

At the gym slc:p:i, a racially-mixcd, emotion-
alIy·dwged group voiced its anger-concerning 
the verdict, displaying (Xlimings of the acquitted 
LA Police Department officers with pig-like 
facial features. 

"I hope no one dies. and I hope no one gets 
hurt, butgoddamn it, LA. should bum tonight," 
Fifth College Senior David Carr said. repealing 
the words of his mother. 

Some students felt lhat others lacked an 
Wlder.itan:ling of the anger and fiustra1ioo felt by 
many who attended the rdlly. "I don't have time 
to keep explaining to you - my people are 
dying," Jones said. 

At some points in the rally, some students 
seemed near violence. One angry student 
smashed a news photographer's tripod while a 
U.S. flag was being burned. The caricatoo:s of 
the acquined officers were also bwned. 

On Friday, UCSD'sconservaliveCalifornia 
Rt!View reponed a flag missing from its office 
doorway. 

Most of the rally, however, seemed to focus 
on unity. 

"II's okay (0 beat a black man, but it's not 
okay to beat a dog in this COWltry:' said W:uren 
College junior Consuela Scott. 

1'be UCSD Guardian Monday, May', 1992 

WIlSOn. 
Standing before the 300 students aI the 

J1lCClin&. AIkimon said he could not meet 
sevaa1 ofthcirden_1ds. but he agreed towrile 
a Ieaer to ~ George Bush. 

After Alkinson left, students proposed sev-
eral possibIeactims. including the balricading 
of 1-5, a march through La Jolla. a protest 
bough UnivmityTowneCenter, fixing_ 
1Il1Jllf-mast II1d blocking UCSD traffIC. 

Eventually, students decided to march 
through LaJoIIathaleveningand seal offl-5 the 
next day. 

La Jolla Barricade 
AbouI3OOstudentsman:hed fromthemcet-

ing to the Villa La JolIa-LaJolla Village Drive 
iJu:Iscction III 8: 15 p.m., whcmtheysuca:eded 
in stopping traffic for 90 minutes. 

"This was the only way we could gel some 
responsefromthepeopleofLaJollaandmaybe 
the media. .. said Scott Walker, a Warren C0l-
lege sophomore. 

"There is a list of [protesters' dernaOOs), hut 
I'm not here because of that list. I'm appalled 
Ourgovemmenl is not wating," said Joe Lee, 
a Warren College senior. 

Reaction from the motorists was mixed, 
although ~clearly expressed the~ that 
the students move. 

"lbere's no reason to brutalize a human 
being like that, especially roe with no will to 
fight back." said Phil Krugman, a Mesa Col-
lege studenL '" don't agree with hOw [the 
protesters) are doing this. This is how il all 
star1S." 

Bob Smith, a resident of Solana Beach who 
heard the commotion while dining at the La 
Jo\Ia Village 1m. said he thought the verdict 

~ a travesty, About the protesters blocking 
traffIC, he said, "I'm not sure this is ~ way, but 
I guess it's a lot better than burning a house 
down." 

Two faculty members also spoke before the 
crowd "Greeting from South Africa. That's 
what this feels like," said Assi tant Professor of 
Sociology Ivan Evans, who is originally from 
South Afrie:!: 

One student read the Declaration of Independence to the crowd at Thursday's rally. 
Twice, the protest nearly escaIaled to a riot 

as angry motorists and protesters clashed. P0-
lice officers helped break oneconfronlalion up 
as proteSterS held back the more violent. TIle 
protest broke up at 9:43 p.m. 

Marchers then headed toward the police 
station, saying "Fuck the police." 

Police Station Confrontation 

officers who protesters said should speak OUI 
agaima the verdict. 

Friday's RaDy 
Philip Raphael. a UCSD psycholO!,ris[. said 

he understood the anger being expressed and 
called for the use of the emotion. "We've got to 
learn to use ouranger to benerourconditioo,"he 
said. 

At the station, several protesters attempted 
tokickthe lockeddooropen, but were held back 
by friends. UCSDpolice wearinghelmetsrnoved 
through the crowd to block the door. 

Assistant PoliceOliefJay Dyer tried to calm 
the protesters, saying "it looked as if the verdict 
didn't make any sense:' but he was shouted 
down. 

''The reason 1 choose not 10 respond isyou've 
got a commitment once you put on yourunifonn 
lhat means you don't express your personal 
opinion about anything," Officer AmoId Moss 
said. 

The Chancellor 

1be protests over the King verdict cor.rin-
ued on Friday. By 7 am a core group of about 
80 demonstrators met at the Price Center to 
discuss strategy and plan for events later in the 
day. 

Students at the rally eventually called for 
action, and marched toward the Price Center. 

As rnarchers neared the UCSD Bookstore, 
the srudent who smashed the repoller's tripod 
threw a chair through a bookstore window. 
Another student foUowed suit. 

A witness said the student who smashed the 
window and the tripod fled toward the library 
while the other assailant was held back. 

Vice Olancellor of UndergrdduaJe Affairs 
Joseph Watson poke from the police staJion 
steps, saying he "found what happened in Los 
Angeles disgusting." 

Marchers then walked to the chancellor's 
office, where they demanded to meet with 
Atkinson. Students pushed toward the door, but 
were kept from entering. 

Twoman:h leaders were allowed in theoffx:e 
and eventually secured an evening meeting with 
Atkinson, at which point the rally began to break 
up. That evening, Atkinson appeared aI a 6:30 
p.m. AASU meeting in Oceanview Lounge with 

The original intent of the group had been to 
block 1-5, but they decided to put off such an 
action until more people were available to help. 
A decision was made to hold a rally in front of 
theMain Gym alnoon,andthen to leadaprolest 
march from there. 

By nooo several hundred students, faculty 
and staff had grouped on the Hump and a 

See PROTEST, Page 6 

COil EGES 
ContInued from page 1 
their hands on," a 7-11 employee 
said. 

Near the hean of the violence in 
Los Angeles, the University of 
Southern California was shut down 
Thursday and Friday, but was e}\-
peeted to re-open today. The shut-
down came during USC's finals 
week, and those exams were re-
scheduled for this week. Several 
businesses frequented by USC stu-
dents, including a video store near 
campus, were damaged or destroyed 
during rioting. 

Classes were also cancelled at 
UCLA on Friday and all buildings 
on campus were locked except for 
residence hal Is and the UCLA Medi-
cal Center. More than 700 people 
gathered in Westwood Plaza Thurs-
day to denounce the King verdict. 

"Our eyes did not deceive us. 
This brutal and unnecessary beat-
ing ... clearly construes excessive 
and unreasonable force," said Pr0-
fessor Peter Amelia. an authority on 
criminal procedure from the UCLA 
School of Law, 

One UCLA tudent was arrested 
Wednesdaynightfortheposses ion 
of stolen property, and another was 

Protesters aIsoconfrontedtheoffk:ers block-
ing thedoor,particularly the African-American 

injured by a roving mob, All told, 
seven Westwood businesses fre-
quented by students were damaged 
in the first night's looting. 

Violence and looting erupted 
south of UC Berkeley on Thursday 
night. Roving bands of youths broke 
storefront windows along Telegraph 
Avenue and helped themselves to 
merchandise. Fires were set in al-
most every garbage can lining the 
street, numerous scooters were 
knocked over and several cars were 
spray-painted with graffiti. 

A core of 50 to 75 people ap-
peared responsible for most of the 
damage, as crowds "ranging from 
500 to 800 watched passively. Po-
lice eventually made 15 arrests. 

Hundreds of UCB students be-
gan a protest at the campus' Sproul 
Hall Wednesday, and then stonned 
onto Interstate 80 and walked to-
ward San F,rancisco, blocking the 
Bay Bridge for about two hours. 

About 1,000 chanting demon-
strators at UC Santa Barbara 
marched from their campus through 
nearby Isla Vista Wednesday, where 
they held a peaceful demonstration 
at the Isla Vista Foot Patrol (IVFP) 
office. This year, the IVFP has been 
charged with the harassment of mi-
norities. 

On Thursday, 2,000 people pro- theKingcase, UCDChancellorTed 
tested the verdict aI UCSB's Storke Hullar said that "many of us are 
Plaza, then marched 10 North Hall. unbelieving as to how such a ver-
Spray-paint was used to re-christen diet could be reached ... but we are 
the hall "Rodney King Hall." flO( thejury. It must be that they had 

At UC Santa Cruz, approxi- evidence we do not know and thus 
mately 500 students led an on-cam- came to conclusions that we cannot 
pus protest late Wednesday night. now understand." 
The protestors eventually marched following an open-microphone 
into downtown Santa Cruz, smashed rally of ISO people at UC Riverside 
glass doors at the Santa Cruz police Thursday, UCR students marched 
department, and spray-painted the downtown to City Hall and the dis-
pOlice department's walls. . triet attorney's office. Anned po-

Another protest Thursday in lice kept the protesters from enter-
Santa Cruz, again mostly made up ing the buildings, 
of UCSC students, was peaceful in ProIests at UC Irvine on both 
nature. Wednesday and Thursday were at-

More than 200 UC Davis stu- tmded by 500-700 people. Irvine 
dents unitedatUCO'sFreebom Hall students then marched through the 
Thursday to voice their disgust with community chanting, "We want jus-
the verdict. Approximately 20 lice. we want it now." 
people spoke at the rally, expressing "It's about power, not black 
anger about whal they described as against white - those in power 
a growing trend of discrimination who set rules set different standards 
against people of color, for themselves," said UCI sludent 

In a written statement regarding Kimberly Fontenot, a member of 

UCl's African-American Student 
Union. 

[n Seattle, approximately 1,000 
University of Washington students 
protested in Red Square on the UW 
campus, kicking out windows in 
the Administration Building and 
chanting for the implementation of 
an Ethnic Studies requirement, 
1ben, in a move similar to those at 
UCSD and UC Berkeley the stu-
dents marched down University 
A venue and onto 1-5, 

The crowd, still numbering 
aboull,OOO, walked down the free-
way into downtown Seattle, block-
ing 1-5 for approximately an hour, 
The students thenanended a rally at 
Seanle's Federal Building. 

Damon Aemaugh, a UW engi-
neering major, found it diffICult to 
make sense of the verdict 

'" tried to play devil's advocate 
and tried to find a way to see that 
[King] was guilty, and I couldn ',," 
he said. 

CGntrtbutIIC to the ............. auun ~ .... NeWI EdtDr Mary Itetty .... AIIocIIII ,.... ... Sheryl 
Wolcott and Eric SdImIdl, 5InIDr SIIIWttt.s Ben...,...., ..... 1u~1 • .....,. ..... KG, PhIlp ......... .... 
StatrWriterl fqjlCilco DeVllll, DIn "-... .,.... Snow, ....... .....,., "-' awe. Scott W ... .rthe ucsc CIty on 
,,. Rachel W.........,.r UCO" CIIiImII ....... 51! PIrzMI, DIn HIIdIIe II1II ... HInnoII of UCSB'. DIIy .... lin ....... 
of UCB'. DIlly c.trGmll .. , Loll QI*ItIIn, CIIrIItInI SIIabII, SIndy ~ ... RIIInI R.-a of UCLA" o.tr ......... ..... 
ofUCR'. ".....,.IIrIdIuJ.rUCI'.,......" MIchIIIa.woftlll~.rW ...... i·.DIIy ... c.a., ........ 
and IIIcIwd ......... of SDSU', .. AlfIe. 

" 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

ATKINSON 
ContInued fI'am pa&e 1 
1-5 exit ramp to La Jolla Village 
Drive. They took over the street, 
stopping cars and cheering in re-
sponse to drivers ' honks, and walked 
under the foot bridge and down the 
ramp leading to Gilman Drive. One 
rambunctiou rallier ran among the 
others, blowing on a whistle to in-
cite the ralliers to chant "No justice, 
no peace!" 

At the Price Center. one person 
addressed the crowd of aboul 100 
people, saying. "It's people like you 
[caucasians] that beatlhe shit out of 
Rodney King. The system is geared 
toward your color." 

The audience responded with 
boos, and one ralliersaid, ''I'm here 
because in our society a small group 
of people speak for many. And I will 
not allow the 12 people woo were 
on the jury to speak for me." 

REACTIONS 
ContInued fI'am page 1 
decision sucked. I thought the evi-
dence on the videotape clearly 
proved that the officers used too 
much force for the situation at hand," 

Ben McBratney, a Warren Col-
lege sophomore, was not as critical 
of the verdict as the majority of 
students interviewed, "My reaction 
to the verdict is that I'm very sur-
prised," said McBratney, "but I do 
understand why the jury judged what 
they did by watching TV and see-
ing. o. [Rodney King) moving every 
time they stopped beating him ... 
just to not do what [the police] were 
telling him to do. " 

Another Third College student 

Atkinson arrived soon after the 
students did and read a letter ad-
dressed to President George Bush. 

"Last night. I told you that I 
would write the President of the 
United Stales, and I did," he said. 

In the letter, Atkinson wrote that 
the verdict in the trial of the four Los 
Angeles police officers was trou-
bli ng to many Cal ifomians, and that 
he was astonished thallhe jury could 
have acquitted the officers of \0 of 
the I I charges. 

" In your role, I implore you to 
ensure that there will be a retrial 
involving the unresolyedcharge, and 
that the UnitedState.~Altomey Gen-
eral will pursue a scrupulous inves-
tigation into the possibility that Mr. 
King's civil rights were violated in 
the incident:' he wrote. 

The letter was received with ap-
plause, although a few Iistenerscriti-
cized Atkinson's emphasis at the 
end of the letter on the "general 

disagreed with what is 'Considered 
the majority 's point of view , saying, 
"Personally, I don ' t think the ver-
dict was wrong. But the violence 
was too much, and people are just 
hurting themselves in the long run. 
From an economic standpoint, the 
minorities on the bottom will really 
be hurt, and they have to stan re-
building now if anything is to come 
of it." 

Regarding the looting in Los 
Angeles and around the country ,the 
student said, " I bethalfofthepeople 
who were looting dido't even know 
what was going on. It seemed that 
individual ethnic groups, especially 
blacks, were turning it into their 
own ethnic problem. Racism is not 
only a single cause for one mce -

The UCSD Guardian 

unmveling in the fabric of Ameri-
can society." 

"I re pect your views on this 
malter," Atkinson said, addressing 
the crowd. "I still believe that what 
I suggested last night la petition 
from the University of California 
community] should be done." 

Ralliers asked if the chancellor 
would sign the petition, to which he 
responded "yes." 

The chancellor also eongratu-
lated the ralliers on the non-violent 
nature of the r.i1lies. " But I do not 
approve of blocking the freeways 
and breaking windows. You can 
make your presence known not by 
acts of violence but by acts of con-
cern," he said. 

One woman addressed Atkinson, 
but was drowned out by the noise in 
the Price Center Plaza. In reiterating 
the woman's remark, anotherrallier 
said, "It was not prote ters that broke 
the window [in the Price Center] 

it's something that has to be dealt 
with together." 

However, Johnson said that" it' 
not as though the verdict came out 
and people staned going out and 
looting. So many other things have 
happened in that community to spark 
[the riots I," she added. 

Johnson said her perspective on 
the riots is different because she is 
from the area and because she is 
African-American. 

"Ithink thai the act itself of bum-
ing and looting and pulling people 
out oftheir cars and beating them to 
oblivion is wrong; however, I un-
derstand why that it going on," she 
said. 

"The majority of people who 
have corne to me to ask what I think 

yesterday; it was two or three idi-
ot. 

Another mllier requested that 
Atkinson fly the campus flags at 
half-mast. Atkinson denied the re-
quest, saying that flags are only 
flown at half-mast ifsomeone close 
to the university has died, und the 
lowering of the flags is ult imately 
his decision. 

" I respect your motives, and I 
respect your actions - but I must 
make my own decision on that," he 
said. 

Then one woman in the audience 
cried out in response. "Lady Libeny 
has died," while another rallier said 
that 3 1 people had died in Los An-
geles already because of t he verdict 
and the subsequent rioting. 

At\{inson then changed his mind, 
and agreed to fly the flags at half-
mast. 

Before the chancellor left, the 
rallier.-; asked, " Do we have to close 

about it have said, 'Well , how do 
you feel about these people tearing 
up their own communities?' And 
what 1 try to tell these people is that 
they don't see it as tearing up their 
communities. they see it as not be-
ing theircommunities. because other 
people control it. .. a lot of 110n-
blacks own things. and that gives 
(blacks ) a sense of helplessness be-
cause they don't own anything," 
she continued. 

Johnson said she is worried about 
her mother. who lives in Crenshaw 
and feel s frustmted about being 
trapped in her house. "When she 
goes outside she feels more upset 
and depressed because everything 
is burned to the ground. She told 
me ... she went shopping and had to 

NEWS 3 

down the highway every time Ive 
want to talk to youT' 

"That's uller nOIl~e n ~e ... 
Atkinson responded. "You can I 11-
to me anytime. I was available Iusl 
night and rm available now. (have 
always been responsive; I have al -
ways been available." 

The crowu reacted with catcalls. 
One protestor said that there had 

been police officers in riot gear pro-
tecting Ihe chancellor' s door thaI 
morning. and that he wou Idn 't come 
out to talk to the mlliers. 

Atkinson said that at the time. he 
had been holding a meeting al hi~ 
house. 

"I can't always be where you 
want me. when ·you wan I me:' he 
said. 

Afler the chancellor left. the 
crowd paused for a moment of si-
knee to remember the v ictilllsofthe 
violence in Los Angeles and Rooney 
King. 

wait in line for four hours." she said. 
In Johnson's opinion, UCSO's 

reputation is thut of a quiet campus. 
unlike mili tant UC Berkeley, but 
she said she thinks it 's good that 
UCSD students are Jelling their 
voices be heard. 

"The things Ihat have happened 
have basically stopped the flow of 
something. like 1-5. When people 
can't goon thefreeway, they will be 
thinking. 'What is going on? ' It's 
going to make people at least think 
for a second," she said. 

But. she added, " In terms of 
someone knocking out the book-
store window, I think that 's kind of 
ridiculous." 
- ThIs report was compiled by 
News EdItor Mary Betty Heard. 

Let Us Treat Mom To An All Expense Paid 
J.CREW CRUISE TO CHTn~INH IS~HND 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• • 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

The first to«! people to stop by DIVA between 
May 1st and May 8th may redeem this ad for a 

• 

F R E E ORCHID tORSRGE 
(" S1.() vahle. limit OM per Cflstowr) 

• 

Register to win four special woman an 
unforgettable weekend on Catalina Island! 

• 
2nd and 3rd Prizes: 

One month's FREE membership at the 
SPORTING UUB AT AVENfINE, 
~ng 1/2 hour massage and 1/2 hour 

• 

G 1 9 S S 8 G G G G 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

BLOW .. OUT SALE 
KNIT TOPS, DRESSES, SHORTS & PANTS 

J.CREW 

• 
• o. 

T's for $3 
G~··· •• r\tO~ .• ~ 
~~ 

o . In~ ~ 
-v ~\ 

APPARE~ 
8250 CAMINO SANTA FE 

450-3323 
HOURS: Tues.~Fri. 11~7, Sat"~Sun, 11~5 



RODNEY KING INCIDENT 

1beIe wae ... iIioa ...... in tbeCDlllllOllll.IO wbcD 
Ibo WldicaClllllt ewoano a.d .. i'II.'eIy. 'Ibn 
wa oo.no for Ipin ckdJlllO II)' IIId inIJuJncItpanar-
rqIOItIeXlbeevac.nodmcfbr ...... iaewdllaslOCbooeebow 
., ~ Ihe IlOl)' in me WClIdIor .. 

1beftldids wuenot pi/Iy.1nd dleCJOUe&pOIdiW. mfiI-
Mdemodon was noIbins-....... 

Il·seay., join in dlechorusofvoices F 'U.dIe vadicl 
ofdle 12 people who .. in die july _ of. Simi Valley 
autIQOm. People wbo Ire often on opposinc sides ofisllues 
ha¥O joiacd fO&Cda' 10 iIIIIdt it. 

People feel SInlaIlY ...... CalC becIuIo iI is 10'" 
IDdlOdispsri,.: aJIQUPeXmeo. biaia80a0mm56lime1in 
81 secoadI. In a way. III eX 1.11 were Ibrft - we saw die 
vidooIIpe We~eyewilll all .,aboaible ........ 
ofmea baIina uplD iDdivDIIL 

The july. howewr. didn' sec iI .... way -1Dd Iheir 
verdict is iw:Iqadlelllible. 'l'bcR WII DO ~ tile of 
fi:I'ce invoIwd wbrD RDdaey KiDI WIIibot lWice by 1'a&cn 
andtbcnmwbrdwilb .... " .... beJay.bIoodiilllDd 
brokaI,oatbe sidoofaLos ,.....~ 

Evidcndy Ihe Vaua CauIay july dicla',W .... way • . 
Wbcdail WII becallclbey haYcthe ..... irarilllbeliaf .... 
!h='s I1D such 1bin& • CIICICItIM fon::e whea potice 1ft 

BtIlIlriIIIJo#Id 
JASON 1NIL1. ..... aw 
JllllaItO. t' ... ... 

MAaY8I'TY~""'''' IIN80YaIUK.~'" 
nrUClllD,.,... ......................... ,,~ ........ a.. 
.. ..,. •• $ p",* 4 •• J ........ 7 $ ......... P\ 
...", .. UC ... " ....... :c. ............ .... 

................... or ... Iw:istbeliaf_ ... bwuaeclin 
beIIin& up. bIIct mmClll'lbe~ 1beydecidedlO lei 
die otIia!rs off ecot-6& 

11is1rial, wbicbcould t.cpwalbebla:kOQlllDllOily-
couIdbave liwnaU eXus wbomay be in __ eXlD~' 
CDIIIIOl potice ila-. IAPX' IbIIdlesyIIaD wocb. .... 
a.dpcoplein poeirircisofpowerwiDlIiD be p.w.t ....... 

up.ahVCll)'.1beaysan~·t ... IOWOIk. ~in 
~ofpowcr_1IIowed ., ......... CIIb&n ... , 
IIIowed lOch 

.We ..... lllbe~IIbouIIboIewnlds.1bc .... 
eX .... inI.olAlw*aIDd ..... wbolOOklOlbe-
io .... eXlbeaill·, ... iaCXI,.h. ~, ......... . 
Ibouablbe .. • .... vioIeoce .......... •• ... poopo·, 
bDlDslDdliwa WII ... .. 

The a.dleX CJUInIIOd UC3> lIIICIr:aIaia "'''''''eX . 
!he vCRIr.1lbou1c1 ..., be ..... MhI ........ QUI of a 
....., ...... eX .... lDdtelJ']) ..... thesyllema.l 

1iIId ...... __ ...... birfellow .... llldlhe ... eX 
SIa~bIJw .. 1bey.1DO, wae_ .... bywbllWCdOD 
inSimlVt'ItIJ • . 

nu.IIIJ ...... IO!be Price ea. ..... ., IOine ex1aI, bllled._a. _aectioa ... QqUI were ICIioOs 
mali; 1 I by OD"_ ........... . ".. people wbo 
....... ... 1 II '. I_aleX •• ,......, 
iIbOUIlbD ...... .... 

tMba " ...... Ibe ...... UCSDwerelO~ 
iCiIlllhefl ........ the YCIdi:c. Aa die diIys WOIe on. 
some ............ lObe .... lIIIlCNadby~ 
10 pOIeIt o&Ied by Ihe wda Ind Ihe .!bIeep ..... chaos in 
citica I1IIioawide. 

While die CIdy 1*** a.l been guided by emotion and 
CPUIIIF- .... dcmoIIIu ..... wae <:aJn',*, 10 bring media 
iPIICIIion ., oda iIIues, issues It.. did not have such tJR.d . 
suppc:ltin Ibe ...... body. 

a.s ...... bkxkinJl-S on Friday done so out eX &beer 
.... fbr the Simi VIlJJt:y venlict.1heir n F would ba\'C 
nqoutloudlDddtarfOraDofSlnDiqoeoldcnowJodaeand 
....... wiIh. ...... dlelistof"' ....... otfen:dbysome 
ot1hep\21: 1: SadelheCYClllleClDlObcjusl .. oppom:nisdc 
way lO"ampas iMut:s covcra1 in Ibe IocIl media. 

It! "1l1OIIIIIII, Ihe ... nir18 eX .... _ 5 cead bcirw 
iIbOUI Rodney Kina. IDd bepn 10 be. amnipdMive poliIica1 
pIoyby ..... C*QPII ioIeIat JiOUPL WbiIe!bey sbouId be 
OI ....... ..tonlbeirmodialllvvy.lbeyibouJdbcderidedlor 
1dftIbIy1DOlVin&-focus ODIO their.,. __ and away fiom 
lbeCile eXRodney JCia&. 

OPINION 
4 OPINION 

• Media coverage 
of 'the revolution' is 
not objective, but 
sensationalistic and 
patronizing 
By Paul Mason Fobc:h 
Contributing Opinion Writer 

At approllimately 7 p.m., West 
Coast rebellion time, I tum on the TV. 
The top story on MacNeil Lehrer is' 
the acquittal. As I listen to the 
analysis, I am quickly bored and want 
to learn something 1 don't already 
know. Switching the channel a couple 
notches. I'm satisfied. I pick up 
KNBC, channel 4 in Los Angeles, 
where a helicopter camera is focusing 
on a beating taking place on the comer 
of Florence and Normandie. As the 
broadcasters summarize, several 
people have been dragged from their 
vehicles and horribly beaten. 

Suddenly the broadcaster loses his 
temper. "This is ju t disgusting!" he 
cries. "Can we get a close up on that 
guy ... I want a positive 1.0. on him so 
he can be put away!" Reporter 
become. personal justice-seeker. and 
the cool, calm objectivity is. for a 
moment. losl. No one reminds u that 
the camera is hundreds of feet off the 
ground and i distantly removed from 
the context of what i taking place on 
the ground. 

And. as we saw in that "upsetting" 
acquittal. video cameras can't tell 
what is "really" taking place - or do 
they only tell the truth when the 
victimizers are black and seen from 
the godlike position of the "chopper-
cam',? 

See REVOwnON, Page 5 

The UCSD Guardian 

COMMENTARIES 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

• The major concern 
of protesters should 
be the heightened 
awareness of a racist 
American regime 

. By Gaye Johnson 
Staff Writer 

Olancellor Richard Atkinson's letter 
to the president denouncing the King 
verdict and his agreement to lower the 
flags to half-mast may have made the 
majority white crowd cheer, yet it did 
little if anything for African-Americans 
at UCSD. Atkinson's letter was nothing 
but lip service, one leller in a pile of 
many from chancellors and others who 
have little concern for the implications of 
such a verdict, yet are forced to show 
some type of respect for those they 
represent. 

In shon. while the protesters cheered 
Atkinson's response (and as Vice 
Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs 
Joseph Watson stood directly behind 
him, an ironic reminder of where blacks 
still stand at this school and in society) 
there was a chilling sense of accomplish-
ment from the majority white crowd, 
when in actuality there has been no real 
progressive move made. 

Atkinson responded to easy demands 
that would potentially pacify a crowd 
whose sense of justice in this instance is 
to have a half-ass lener written to a 
president who has little concern for 
people of color, and to have the flags 
lowered to half-mast. Atkinson's 
decision to fly the flags at half-mast is 
not to be disregarded; it is a clear show of 
respect which, while overdue, is by no 
means insignificant. Yet the continuing 

See RALLY, Page 5 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

RALLY 
ContInued from .... 4 
injustices done to people of color in this 
country demand a larger redemption, 
something which perhaps Atkinson cannot 
provide. 

Some of the protesters have lost sight of 
the immensity of the outrage at the verdict 
and, while having nothing but good 
intentions, are using this rebellion as a 
vehicle to protest other thin~s; fee hikes, 
lack of parking, student-regulated education 
and a multitude of other agendas have filled 
the rallies. 

African-Americans cannot afford to be 
caught up in the v1andering agendas of 
those who have no real emotional stake in 
this case. Atkinson has done notlring for us. 
Refuse to be pacified. We know his 
position on issues of color, and his ap-
proach to this situation is no different, even 
though it appears that way to those who 
have had their demands met without even 
having to ask for them. 

Friday's sit-in on the freeway was a 
perfect ellample of this diversity of 

. agendas. The goal was to get the chancellor 
out of his wine and cheese party to talk to 
students - or so the majority white crowd 
thought. 

REVOLUTION 
ContInued from page 4 

The reporters calm down again and try 
to regain their balance. "We mu t empha-
size that to our knowledge, this is an 
isolated incident ... Most of the demonstra-
tions have been peaceful, and most people, 
thank goodness. have remained calm and 
restrained." Thank goodness that with 
television we can now know whether our 
revolution is being backed on all fronts. 
Gil Scott-Heron was. of course, mistaken; 
the revolution will be televised, and 
perhaps it's not all that bad! 

The cameras switch to the demonstra-
tion taking place in front of downtown 
police headquarters. The demonstrators are 
"taunting" the officers. "It's really unneces-
sary," the TV contends. "These officers are 
taking the rap for just four police!" they 
admonish. "And those officers are 
showing remarkable con tr.lint!" says 
another. "Our hearts go out to the brave 
members of the Los Angeles Police and 
Fire Department tonight!" 

Of the some 20 reporters 1 see on the 
three stations, perhaps four aren't white. 
Not unlike the jury. on which, I heard 
mentioned perhaps once throughout the 
evening, there were no African-Americans. 
But the broadcasters would like to believe 
that it has little to do with race, or at least 
that racism is just a "few bad apples," 
which are equated with a few "thugs." But 
what happens when the city is doing what 
only a few "thugs" are supposed to do? 
Then it's an unellplainable tragedy. 

The camera switches back to the 
growing "chaos" in South-Central Los 
Angeles. The fine citizen broadcasters are 
assisting the police by telling us, "00 not 
call 911 if you see looting or fires. The 
police know what is talring place. You will 
simply be clogging up the lines for real 
emergencies." . 

The joke, as always with these alien 
broadcasters, is beyond their comprehen-
sion. TIle experience of a busy signal from 
911 is hardly an uncommon experience in 
South-Central as in other forgotten 
communities. Aavor Flav said it best ''911 
is a fake life savor!" 

The small revolt, made spectacular and 
exciting by television, grows at the same 
time as calm television tries to contain it. 
"Oearly these acts of viol~~ are the result 
of a few' hotheads' ... Let us return to the 
voices of reason which are being heard at 
the First ANM Olurch." 

L.A. Mayor Tom Bradley makes a plea 
for there to be no violence, as the camera 
cuts to the fires exploding in South-Central 
L.A. This type of aesthetic power goes 
beyond PBS's broadcast of Hemy V, and 

The UCSD Guardian 

Yet the African-Americans involved 
were more concerned with a heightened 
awarene of the racist regime we call 
America than they were with the appear-
ance of Atkinson. 'There was a loss offocus 
on the central issue which never occurred in 
the minds 'of the panici pants of color -
rhey never forgot why they were really 
there - unlike many (not all) white 
students who were happy with what they 
achieved Friday. 

By no means do I accuse white protest-
ers of ignoring the real issue and 1 do not 
underestimate their desire to understand the 
rage behind the rebellions. Yet the black 
perspective has been overwhelmed by a 
lack of black participants, and consequently 
the wave of scattered agendas has virtually 
drowned out the real rage from those who 
understand it most. 1bere are other agendas 
here which have the potential of making 
that move, again, toward apathy. Because if 
the crowd thinks Atkinson met their 
demands on Friday, they need to think 
again. 

The movement toward political correct-
ness has stemmed the tide of racial slurs in 
literature and other arenas, but there was 
nothing that said "nigger" more than the 
jurors' announcement last Wednesday. A 
Los Angeles woman told one reporter that 

this is the same as slavery, but white 
America just can't see the shackles. Those 
who contend that we still do not know 
enough about the trial to condemn the 
jurors or the verdict are making a cowardly 
decision to hide from the reality that this 
country dues /luI care about the welfare of 
blacks. 

These four policemen have shown white 
America that a black man deserves a virtual 
lynching mther than to hear his own right 
read to him. They show black America who 
the real savages are - and they ' re smart, 
too. Moving the trial to an area where white 
conservatives prevail and preconceived 
notions about blacks in South-Central Los 
Angele dictate this type of outcome was a 
strategic move on the part of the defense. 

The protesters at the UCSD rallies are to be 
congratulated I haven't seen this much 
involvement from such a diverse group in a 
long time. But it is important for white 
participants to understand that there is a rage 
that is new on your pan which is old news for 
people of color. We have suffered injustice in 
legal and public capacities. and we have 
suffered the psychological tolls of oppression 
on an emotional level. So while your outrage 
is real and justified, there is a history behind 
that of the protesters of color. 

Understand this, and understand that this 

OPINION 5 

breeds mistrust. We expecr you to go home 
after the demands met on Friday; not from 
an underestimation of your character, hut 
from a continual message sent to us by the 
majority of your race. 

You must remember that we are not 
starting with a clean slate - just because 
we can mlly together doesn't mean that all 
past injustices are null and void. And while 
you cannot be held accountable by the 
crimes of your forefathers - and mothers 
- we cannot be expected to forget them. 

For the benefit of the movement, whites 
cannot afford to lose resilience because of a 
justified mistrust on the behalf of the 
oppressed. Follow the ellanlples set by the 
resilience of people of color, who. despite 
crippling setbacks, are still persisting today. 
Resilience is a given for African-Americans 
- it became a question of survival 
hundreds of years ago. 

But the nature of that resilience must be 
reinforced by an effective use of resources. 
and that includes we/l-;lIIelll;o/led whites 
and others who offer sincere dedication. But 
refuse to be manipulated or distf'Jcted by 
less important agendas, especially in the 
midst of some whose understanding is 
short-lived. DellJa/ld the respect of white 
America - not only do they owe it to us. 
they would be nowhere without us. 

1/1//1 I 
1/ 11/ 

,,/ / 
/ \ I \ \ 

,\ 

it's live! KCBS, channel 2, refuses to 
identify the specific streets because it is 
"against their policy," which is comically 
ironic since the other stations have long 
since done so. Then, they decide to "break 
their policy" in order to warn the viewer to 
stay away, but are unable to name the 
streets. "This would be a perfect night to 
stay at home and reflect on the importance 
of going to church and the values of 
controlled response ..... 

This patronizing plea has little effect. I 
tune out for a short time. then tune back in 
to find the rebellion at its height. The 
announcers are now completely gone. "It 
no longer does any good to refrain from 
using that word [riot) .... It is truly a sad day 
for Los Angeles." 

The anchor on KTLA, channel 5, 
confirms the official description of the 
events as nothing but "thuggery." And with 
all the stations I can pick up - 2,4,5 - the 
message is simple: 'The people out there 
are risking the lives and property of good 
people!" 

Or is it all that clear. Whose property are 
these people risking? How can people in a 
community that has nothing be risking 
anything? The whole point is obviously that 
they have nothing to lose. 

The dreaded image that the media are 
creating for L.A. doesn't mean shit to the 

--

l] 
o 
o 
o 
o 

rebels, but it means a hell of a lot to those 
broadcasters who are thinking the property 
value on my home is going to plummet 
perhaps 5OGs! Those poor producers and 
reporters are caught in the TV catch-22; 
forced by aesthetic urges for "true tragedy 
television," they broadcast their own, 
(hardly fatal) downfall. 

For the rebels? Needless to say it is not 
just as one reporter quipped "young black 
gentlemen," the rebels were Latino, Asian 
and white, as well. And the looting and 
burning? Only the brainless businessman 
fails to realize that capitalism requires 
destruction to survive. Remembering 
history - if anyone ever does - according 
to Mike Davis, "The [Waits) rebellion 
politically galvanized artists and writers .. . 
[and] inspired unity and flull in South-
Central· Los Angeles. " 

Perhaps this is what it takes to change 
the usually inwardly destructive war, 
exemplified in the "L.A. style" of rap, to 
one that is energized toward the exploitative 
power interests of the "most beautiful and 
most ugly city in the U.S." Rebellion 
creates change faster than political fudging 
ever can. I'm sad for those who died. but no 
less than . for the many that die daily 
unnoticed in suppression and rebellion all 
over the globe. 

Long live the revolution. 

What's On 
Your Mind? 

Let Us Know. 
The UCSD Guardian welcomes 
your letters and commentaries. 
Drop your letter at the Guardian 
offices (on the second floor of the 
Old Smdent Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

Opinion Editor 
Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Letters should be typed, double-
splCOO and must illclude a name 
and a phone number. Unsigned let-
ters will not be printed Letter writ-
ers will be conUk:led to verify their 
identities. We reselVe the right to 
edit for length and clarity. 



6 NEWS 

CHRONOLOGY OF EVENTS 

"I know that in 
1992, I ain't nolilling 
but a nigg_." 

- DnIII c.r, FIt'III CoIIICe ....... 
Thursday, April 30, 1992 
12 p.m.: A rally Is held on the steps of the 
Main Gym to voice discontent with the 
verdict In the Rodney Klng trial. At Its peak, 
the crowd numbers approximately 600. 
Atter listening to a succession of speakers, 
the crowd marches to the Price Center, the 
UCSD police station and finally, the 
chancellor's complex, where it demands to 
see Chancellor Richard Atkinson. Adminis-
tration officials notify the crowd that 
Atkinson will appear at an African-American 
Student Union meeting scheduled for that 
night In Oceanvlew Lounge. 

6:30 p,m.: Approximately 300 people meet 
at Ocean view and hear statements from 
Atkinson and Vice Chanceilor of Under-
graduate Affairs Joseph Watson. Atkinson 
says that he wiil send a letter to President 
Bush condemning the verdict, but that he 
won't hold a press conference or lower the 
flag to half-mast. Later, the group holds a 
vote to deCide what actIOns will be taken. 
Among the proposals approved are a march 
to downtown La Jolla that night to block 
traffic, and a move to take over Interstate 5 
at 6 a .m. the next moming. 

8:15 p.m.: The group cuts short its march 
to downtown La Jolla at the intersection of 
Villa La Jolla Drive and La Jolla Village 
Drive. Traffic is diverted for an hour and a 
half as protesters stage a sit-in . At 9 :4 5 
p.m., the group stands up and leaves_ 

"What we are here 
for, right now, 
today, is injustice. " 

- JenonI LewIs, Third eou.c- SenIor 
Friday, May 1, 1992 
7 a.m_: A group numbering approximately 
80 meets at the Price Center as planned 
for the march onto Interstate 5. The march 
is delayed until more people are available 
to help. 

12 p,m,: Students, faculty and staff meet 
at the Hump for a rally. After a succession 
of speakers, the group marches to the 
chancellor's complex, where it is met by 
UC police In riot gear. Following a heated 
confrontation, the marchers regroup and 
proceed down the La Jolla Village Drive on-
ramp to take over J-5. Automobiles on the 
freeway are stopped within 30 seconds, as 
police scramble to divert traffic to highway 
805_ Ninety minutes into the sit-in, the 
protesters leave the freeway after hearing 
that Atkinson has agreed to meet the 
group. The action comes just as 30 
policemen in riot gear drive down the La 
Jolla Village Drive off-ramp to begin arrests. 

4 p,m.: Atkinson speaks with the group for 
10 minutes at the Price Center. He reads 
the letter he has written to President Bush 
and agrees to reconsider lowering the flag 
to half-mast. 

"No Justice in 
AmeriKKKa. " 

-11.""'11 
Sarurday, May 2,1992 
6 p.m.: Approximately 300 people, 
including a number of UCSD students, 
staff and faculty meet at the Federal 
Building downtown for a rally and march to 
the Central Area police station. The protest 
lasts nearly four hours, but is forced to 
disperse when several marchers break 
from the group and sprint clown Eighth 
Street. Nearly 60 police offICers catch, and 
then surround, the marchers. The protest 
Is declared an unlawful assembly and the 
group breaks up. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 4, 1992 

PROTEST 
ContInued from .... 2 
microphone Wa<l passed around to anyone wish-
ing to address the growing crowd 

"We don 't want the system to carT)' on work-
ing its nonnal way. We want to stop business a<I 
usual, we wanttosayenoughiseoough .. . we're 
not going to take thai kind of shit anymore," 
proclaimed a man who identified himself a<I a 
philosophy professor. 

Third College student lenora L.ewi told the 
crowd thai the King beating Wa<l not really a race 
issue. "(WhaI) we are here for, right now, today , 
is injustice_ This doesn't have any respective 
person or color. Injustice is injmtice." 

A UCSD staff member explaincd why sA: 
had 10 come out to protesL "1 am also here for a 
selfish reason, to support my own sense of 
dignity a'ia human being in this society. Because 
every time that an individual being, black, 
Chicano, Latino. Asian or white, gets treated the 
way Mr. King got treated, we all go down 
somehow in our dignity and ourself-worth," he 
said 

One student was upset about what it required 
to get people to protest. "It makes me sick, head 
to toe, that it took something like Mr. King' s 
verdict to get you all out here. Because if that 
verdict had come back guilty, where the hell 
would you all be now?" he asked the crowd 

Peopie who agreed with the King verdict 
remained quiet during the r.uly. but did find a 
way to make theirfeelings knowO- Someone put 
a ticker on a mlly announcement tacked im.ide 
of a Warren Apartments elevator. 

1be sticker was typed. and re...1d "Your mce 
mustbereally~tupidtobumdownyourowncity. 
Get a bmin you ~tupid nigger. Rodney IGng 
de:.erved it."1be sticker Wa'i read at the rally 

~honly before a decision was made to march to 
Chancellor Richard Atkinson 's office. 

Return to the Chancellor's 0fT1Ce 
Chanting "We want Dick" and "No ju.stice. 

No peace." students marched from the Hump to 
theAdmini trJlion omplexataround 1:3Op.m. 
UC poli e in riot gear met the protesters at 
Atkinson's office. 

The face-off between police guarding 
Atkinson's office and tudents lasted about 10 
minutes. and included some heated discussion. 
One student shouted to the officers "protect and 
serve, ain't that right? We're the students.ldo] 
you want to protect and serve u , or are you 
protecting this door?" 

The only physical confrontation in theod1er-
wise peaceful pfOIesl came when one student 
tried to reach through the police line and open the 
door to Atkinson 'soffice. Police pushed him and 
other students back as the crowd jeered and one 
student chanted "Don't touch me." 

Taking Over the Highway 
It became clear that Atkinson Wa<l not at his 

office and students began shouting for an alter-
native plan. 1lleoriginal plan totakeoverl-5 was 
rekindled and (!leever-growing ranks of demon-

Muir College sophomore Mark Metzger taiks to CHP Lt. Tom Thomas during the 1-5 sit-i(l . 
stmlors quickly made their way to the La 10lla 
Village Drive on-ramp. 

As the group of marchers approached the 
freeway its numbers welled to roughly 400. 
Once the freeway came into ight, protesters 
broke into a fUll . Police cars helped to block 
traffic once students made it to the southbound 
ramp to avoid injuries from drivers unwilling to 
stop. 

Within 30 seconds the first hundred or so 
students had all southbound traffic on 1-5 stopped. 
Police redirected traffic off of the freeway as 
several hundred more students joined those al-
ready sitting. 

Many protesters chanted "Guilty," referring 
to their preferred verdict in the King trial, al- . 
though the "No 1 ustice, No Peace," Wa<l chanted 
most often at the sit-in- Motorists driving north 
on 1-5 honked their support. which brought 
cheers from the tudents. 1here Wa<l even sup-
port among some of the drivers who were de-
layed by the protesters. 

Onedrivercornmented that"this is a lot better 
than what they 're doing up in LA ... . it's peace-
ful but [still] a strong, vocal demonstrntion." Not 
everyone was quite so pleased, though. "You're 
not showing me a thing. This is supposed to be 
an institution of learning, not stupidity. This is 
stupid.," benued one trapped traveler. 

Students chanted and cheered while Califor-
nia Highway Patrol oflkers scrambled to nego-

tiate and woric out a peaceful solution. 1be 
students had u long list of demands thutlhey read 
in front of a press corp. The eight-item list 
included requiremenl~ such as a Gay, African-
American, Olicano and Women's Studies de-
partments_ a fully-funded Women's Center and 
funds for a lobbying trip to Sacmmento. 

1be key requirements for the students to 
disperse. however. were that Atkinson meet with 
the press and denounce the King verdict and for 
flags to be flown at half-mast until the situation 
was resolved .. Also included was a demand that 
students not be punished forthei r actions. includ-
ing any propeny damage. 

Most officers were patient with the students' 
pleas. However. there was an occasional excep-
lion. One CHP officer grabbed a Gllardian 
repol1erwhen he tried to ask aquestionaboutthe 
police plan for dealing with the protest. He 
pushed the reponerdown against a (XlD'01 carand 
threatened him with arrest. 

1be reponerexplained he Wa<l with the press 
but the officer told him not to move and turned 
his back. Eventually the CHP officer walked 
away and a San Diego police officer told the 
repol1er to walk away quietly and keep a wide 
benh from the offICer. 

Students watching from the neartJy overpass 
haddiffering viewson the protest. Jill LilCilewski, 
a transfer student attending her first quarter at 

See PROTEST, Page 7 

Students disperse from 1-5 near La Jolla Village Drive Friday, after stopping southbound traffic for two hours in protest of the King verdict. 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

PROTEST 
Continued from pep 7 
UCSD, said "I don't know if it'll do any good 
They should try doing something constructive." 
She said sA: did not. however, know what else 
could be done. 

Thild College junior Lamson lam. agreed 
with the staging of the demonstration. "It may 
not be the most appropriate action, but it's 
drawing attention and that's what's important_ 
It's mostly showing suppon for an emotional 
issue," he said 

After abnost an hour had gone by it became 
clear thalthe CHP Wa<l planning to arrest stu-
dents if they did not \eave the freeway. Officers 
were heard ooiering police buses 10 supplement 
the 20 patrol cars lIlreOOyon the freeway. 

This prompted Third College junior Sheila 
Fox to shout that the students should march back 
to campus. ''If the masses stick IOgether and 
leave peacefully, they have made their state-
ment. They will march out suong. not dragged 
away by police." she said after arguing with the 
protesters about their straIegy. 

Back-up 
At3:15 p.m. at the Veteran's Administration 

Hospital overlooking the demonstration, around 
30 police officers fonned into arrest teams. 
'These officers were in addition to the 30 or 40 
police officers already on the freeway. 

1he sergeant in charge announced that the 
officers were to use their nightsticks, while two 
ambulances arrived. At 3:25 the arrest team 
fonned ranks and moved, four to a car. toward 
the protesters. 

Atkimon and Protesters Agree to Meet 
With police acting as an intennediary, 

Atkinson wa<lcontacted and agreed to meet with 
students back at UCSD if they wouJd leave the 
freeway. Students agreed and 90 minutes after 
stopping traffic, the freeway wasclearedwithout 
any arrests or injuries. 

Most students were Wlllware of how close 
arrest was. 1be only warning came from CHP 
Lt. Tom lbomas. He announced to the crowd at 
3: 17 p.m. that if the students did not disperse, the 
alternative would be that he "would have to 
declare this an unlawful assembly and have 
officers forcibly remove [the students] from the 
freeway." 

Police were noticeably relieved that a solu-
tion had been found. As the students marched 
away, a CHP Officer commented that the stu-
dents "got what they needed.. It's all peaceful and 
that's all that counlS-" 

Atkinson spoke 10 the protesters forabout 10 
minutes at the Price Center (see related story). 

Saturday's Protest 
Saturday night's protest rally and march in 

downlOwn San Diego, aacnded by 400 to 500 
people, remained relalively peaceful. However, 
it culminated in a standoff between police and 
demJr~ who were threatened with am:st 
for unlawful ~Iy as nearly 50 police offic-
ers and !Me police dogs stood by. 

By the end of the night. policehadaJTeStedsix 
poopIe in relation to the protest. two fortrespass-
ing and four on charges of public drunkemess. 

Speakers aI the rally addressed a range of 
issues stemming from theiroutragealthe verdict 
in the King case, including police brutality, 
conuption in the govenunent, racism and pov-
eny, as cars honking support drove past the 
galhering. Malcolm X's exhortation, "by any 
means nc:cessary ," was repeated often, along 
with the notion thal"this is not a black issue, not 
a white issue." 

Before the 6 p.m. rally got underway in front 
of the Federal Building on Front Street, City 
Councilman George Stevens argued with ~ 
test organi2a'S, urging them not 10 hold the rally 
because it could incite violence. 

"PeopIearechillin' out today ... they'rethank-
ing God most of all that San Diego didn't bum 
last night We knew that if we had a peaceful 
Friday night, we would have a different kind of 
weekend [than the violence in Los Angeles],"he 
said. 

"I'm saying !hat we chiD out. Let's not do 
anything 10 bring this back 10 Ia<ltThursday nighl 
and Wednesday nist-." Stevens urged. 

Davelrontail,a representativeoftheNationai 
Organization to Refonn Marijuana Laws 
(NORML) responded. "Thai is aU We're here for 
- to ensure the justice." 

The UCSD Guardian NEWS 7 

A student reacts to an address at Thursday's rally at the Hump, where members of the audience exchanged ideas with speakers. 

Sue Mapft'Gua1fW1 
Protesters confronted police officers in riot gear Friday (left); City Councilman George Stevens argues against holding Saturday's rally. 

Stevem wascriticizedby twoofthespeakers, demanding police accountability and a civil march back toward the Federal Building. 
including Carlos Pelayo, who accused Stevens rights trial for King. As thedemonstralorspassed the Horton Plaza 
of selling out, calling him "Pappa Doc Stevens. MardI on the Police Station shopping center, a small group of youths began 
a nco-colonial. an Uncle Tom." An hour and a half after the rally began. the running to the mall entrance near Robinson's, 

1lle audience applauded Pelayo a<I he ad- crowd began marching down Broadway 10 the encouraging the rest of the march to follow. After 
dressed the vc:rdict. "This doesn't surprise us," police station. at the comer of Broadway and a briefhesitation. the protesters crowded near the 
he said. "We hope this is the sttawthatbreaks the 14th Street mall entrance, where they were blocked by 
camel's back. We know what the sysletn had OIanting "No justice, no peace" and "Hey police and mall security. 
brought us-death, destruction and killing." hey, ho ho, police brutality's got 10 go," the Two men who broke through the line of 

Ben Schultz, a member of the AIDS Coali- marchers were joined by people who ran out of police and attempted to run into the mall were 
lion to Unleash Power (ACT up), told the fast food restaurants and bus stops to take part. handcuffed by police, while mall security video-
crowd, "I just want you 10 know that if you're a 1he protesters were esconed by police cars taped the crowd from the second level. 
gay man and you get killed in thiscity,the person and officers on foot, who held up traffic at Deterred by police, the marchers left Horton 
who killed you will go free." intersections to let the two-block-long march Plaza after breaking large ceramic flower polS. 

Eric Shepard. a 6-year resident of San Diego, through. '1be last thing we want is to get some- Upon retuming to the Federal Building just 
held a sign reading. "If you' re ganna \oot, you one run over," said one police officer walking before 9 p.m., rally organizers urged the crowd 
need a suit" He, like many attending the rally, alongside the protesters. to disperse. However, a crowd of nearly 100 
said he and friends came to vocalize their anger Just after 8 p.m., the march reached the people branched off and Stalled marching down 
aI the not-guilty verdict Shepard. an African- entrance to the police stalion. where a wall of26 Broadway again. 
American, said that upon hearing the verdict, " I offtcers and acap!ain in plainclothes blocked the As the marchers turned onto Eighth Street, 
felt like a non-person." entrance 10 the building. The crowd then grew some people suddenly broke into a run, prompt-

When sed if he felt the violence and de- rowdy and began chanting, "No more Rodney ing police and the rest of the crowd to follow. 
struction in Los Angeles is justifIed, he re- Kings"and"Fuckthepolice." Police cut the running crowd off at the intersec-
sponded, '1bey' redoing what is necessary to be One African-American man, wearing a black tion of Eighth and C streets, where officers on 
heard. 1lle establishment doesn't understand Malcolm X cap, seized a bullhorn and began foot were backed up by several police cars and 
people's concerns unless money becomes an shoutingatpolice,"We'vehadit. Weain'tgoing motorcycles and three canine units. 
issue. With the burning and pillaging, they're to stand for it. We'retiredofthisshit-['mtired Approximately 500fficers swroundedagroup 
fmally getting some attention," he said of saying it" ofabout25 protesters in the street, whileLtOuis 

UCSD Literature Professor and Acting Co- After about ten minutes of protest in front of Ball declared the group an Wllawful assembly, 
ordinator of the Warren College Writing Pro- the police station, the crowd headed back 10 the and told them to either disperse or be arrested. 
gram Deborah Small was one of a large contin- street, where the march began a sporadic route As protesters outside the circle of officers 
gentofUCSDstudentsandfacultyattend.ingthe around downtown, including winding tIvough shouted at police, "00 yourjob, kill them," the 
demonstralion. Small began her address 10 the the Gaslamp District . group joined arms and began walking away, 
crowd, saying."We\coolelOapanhied America" At the comer of Fifth and Market. police with one man urging the rest of the crowd, 

During the rally, petitions were circulated forced the crowd 10 return to a roule taking the "Please, go home." 



· , 

8 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Pro choloe rally 515. 12·2. 1he Hump. SpMkerw. 
bind. 1nIOrmadon. Be .1IOIce lor c:IIoIoel (514' 
DI_rtation Wortl.hop.. Complel. ~our 
diMertiIIioI •• ForwritIIn InIormatIon or -ulinG. 
ca11882.o!166. Postgr ...... group. (Y.I().IV4, 
"COUI..u8 DID NOT DISOOV!RAIIUIICA· 
P.,.. . • 1icIH. and chcuuIon """ lour Naive 
Am.rlc.n prot.nora. .om. from 10e.1 
r_ationI. PrIce Center Bllllroom. /My 5. 7 
p.m. F,... (514, 
NATIVE A-..cAN PERfORIIAHCE lIGHT. 
Floyd Red Crow W_ 01 -o.nc.. wtIh 
Wolv •• ' .nd Ch.rtl. HI". Johnny C."on 
oomedian. -.d oIher HaM AmerIcan alngers 
and aeIorI. Prloec.nterT_. MayS. 7 p.m. 
F,... (514) 
Ov.r •• I.,. .nd Bullm.r.xk:. Anonymou. 

~. E.-yWec1. H.wDomeMuir IIpW1rnent 
lounge. 12·1 p.m. ThiI ... c:onfIcIen1IaI. 12·'~ 

~. AlIIIudenII and IIaIf .,.weIcomel (514) 
Graphic Artlen CrNllve WrItIrt 0." .... 
CaDlevlalon. CerIIbad ... currently ..... Ing • 
summer In,.,., 10 help produu TV ada. PSA', 
andpromos 10 run on cable (CNN. ESPN. Ulellme. 
ele.). TV production knowledge delillble. Active 
ImlOglnallon a mUlti Contact AlP or ASIO al 
UCSD. _ 

The e 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
recession-busting, UCSD 

exclusive bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450-3323 
UCSD EATS 
Ben & Jerry·s ............. ... 587-3680 
BJ's Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Bravo Barcelona ... ... .... 456-1579 
Domino's ..................... .452-UCSD 
Heidi's .......................... 450·3044 
La Jolla Brewing Co . .... 456·BREW 
La Jolla Gourmet Deliv. 483·9991 
Royal Thai Cuisine ...... .456·2063 
Siratlord Coffee House 481·8590 

UCSD AUTO 
Overseas Auto ...... ....... 695·1990 
Robert's ........................ 275·1132 
Tom's .......................... .450·9494 
Suspension Plus ...... .... 558·8562 
Cosla Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR 
Young Attitudes ............ 457·3384 
Years Ahead ................ 546·7666 
We Care Hair ............... 587·CUn 

UCSD BEAUTY 
Trim & Tan .................. .455·0909 
Pinwheels ..................... 558-1858 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 
Royally Nails ................ 483·6188 

UCSD HEALTH" FITNESS 
Ath(e1e Cyciery .......... ... 277 ·8255 
Being Fil .......... ............. 483·9294 
Classical Eye ............ . ..452-7374 
UC Cyclery ................... 452·8842 
Dr. McDonald. Opt. ...... 279·5858 
Dr. Ken Schlussel. D.C .. 558·3600 
Dr. Richard Barsan. DDS . 459'5565 

UCSD FLOWERS 
Flower Basket ............. .455·5545 
Diva Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452·0630 
UCSD SELF STORAGE 
Mira Mesa Self Stor ..... 453-051 1 
Miramar at Cabol ......... 549·0500 

UCSD ETC. 
Audioflte ...... ................. 459·FILE 
Cal Copy ......... ............. 452·9949 
Slanley Kaplan ............. 277·6744 
Music Trader ................ 693-1 469 
MD Labs ....................... 226·1733 
Paper Trends ............... 450-9291 
Ronkin Educational ...... 587·8600 
Video Gallery ............... 452·1766 
The Bean Bag Man ...... 578·5745 
S1. Germain'S ............... 455-1414 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, May 5,1992 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Pwv-'!', SkIn c- - FIICiaII. waxing. IaIh 
tInII. pannenanI eyeh(. 10% OFF wft, ad. 
MIficiIIiI and NanI naiIa. rnIJ1ieure-.dpedicu ... 
by Ashley. 10% OFF with ad. Natut., nails & 
pedicures by Rebecca. 10% OFF with ad. Cllllior 
8I)pOinlmani. Tangles S.lon. R.nailianc. 
c.n.r.. 1552·1174. (~5I4) 

VIOUNMOlA LESSONS. You 01 yourchild(r.n) 
c.. -.. 110m an .i(j>8rianc:ed. prolesalonal 
1MCher. Now ~ atudan1a - aM ageslnd 
...... ..tcome. c.II Conrad: 552-04114. (3130-& 
4) Classified advertising is sold in 15-word increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 

students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore. ads m.ust be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p.m. Mondayfor Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For 
more information ca/l534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, Lalol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student CenterA,lopfloor. 

Olga Bar1- EIedroIogiII: 1200 10 1500 hair1 par 
hour. 325e HolIday Court. StudMll discounts. 
558-4&W226-11182. (3I3O-liI4) 
Piano Iinging. guitar IMIonI. .. hOlM or .. our 
I1udIoa. All ...... -.d IIyIK. (100) 227·622l. (41 
1&-5111) 
AESUMESIWORD PROCESSING: Prot •• • 
aIonaI1y edIIad. .... typeeeI. Aetuma lnc:Iudat 
.... "-"lawiIQ tfpa bnochure. PagesP1us 452· 
1240. (4I27-!111) 

FOR SALE 
APPAREL ZONE DesIgner labels fOr 5O-g()% 0111 
11250 CamIno Santa Fe. ~ (419-6t~) 

JET TO EUROPE ANYTIME THIS SIMMER. 
Just $269 with AIRHITCH(r) (no -..... 8nd no 
rMlrk:liona - _ be o ....... y or MCIl way l, u 
dMcribIId in ConIumer R8portI 'Hwvard 'tAt's 
Go Europe' guide. Forprinted program daacription 
'rlOg. fonn5. call 800-397· 1098. (4123·814) 
United Kingdom Is wail.ng tor you . Acx:epI your 
Challenge and .. pand your education I Begin 
yourpartlclpallonnow. UKEAPIOAP lnlosesslon. 
WedneSday. May 8. 1:30-3 p.m. Int.matiOnai 
Canter Conference ,oom. (5I~' 

Gandar RoIea In lhe MuaIIm world. Monday. 
May 4. 6 :30 p.m.. Inlernallonal Cenler. 
Retreshments served. F_I (4127-514) 
SUMlER TOURS TO EUROPE. AUSTRAUA 
AND THE GREEK ISLANDS. 15-19 day • . AI 
expenses pad including meals. $1295-$1798. 
Call Conl,kl Tours 1-800-950-10378111. ' 2. (4127-
517) 

IrnamationalCaleawry Friday. 11:30-1 :308I1he 
International c.n..... 10IIII. new triencla. enjoy 
new menu lach ...... AI American 8nd ""-ign 
S1udenlalnd.WI weIc:oma. Only S2. (~51~) 

Revelle Graduellon '92 apaakers w."tedll f'icIi. 
up application form now al Rev .... Dean', onloel 
Due May 8thl (<4127-514) 
ALPHA KAPPA PSI Prol .. slonai Buslne .. 
Fralernity praMnts The Fourth Annual COINS 
ACROSS CAMPUS. ~ wi. benelil tile 
Community RelOurea Center. Tape wiD be placed 
from ReYeIe Ptaz.1O the Hump. andfromCentr" 

U~ 10 the PrIc:a Center. All you have 10 do 
• pu!"""'~downonlhe tapelWedneeday. 
May 6th. B a.m . .:! p.m. (4130-514) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND: amllll bag with jewelry near Club Mad. 
Thurtlday 4116192. CaJ Luis 0 453-8258. (4127· 

SI~) 

The Comic Gallery 
4424 Balboa Ave, 
s.. DMCo, CA 921J. 7 
COIIW of Balboa & 
Clalrwtnont Dr. 
next to Lucky Market 

946C).G Mira Mesa II. 
s.. OieCo, CA 92126 
Ralph'. S/IoppIIW Center 
(619)578-9444 

675-8 No. Broadway 
~,CA9202S 
Alben-', Center It 
BroIIcIwIY a WallllIItOI 

(619)74~5660 

You'll be ... Ing 
GREEN because 

we're READ 

GOT AN OPINION? 
Write I let ... to the edil .... l<ltm should be 

typed. doubl(·spoccd. and ..... r incl..u I name 
and I phone nLm bcr: Iho5c wi Ihout • 'ill "0< I>< 

printed. 8ri n& your Itlter to the G...-dian 
GuardI .... Advertl"", ~3468 office .... mai l il to the opinion editor. 9500 

Gilm ... Dr. 0316 u JoIlL CA 9201J2'()316. 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
o 10% UCSD Discount* 
• Close to campus with free parking 
° Insurance Plans Welcome 

''I.l1h UCSD 10. E.~ t.b y}1, 'w~. 

ImRICHARD E.BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of 45ft I! Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery ~5&5 
470 Nautilus Street, Suite 212, La Jolla 

SERVICES 
For IChoIarahlp Inlormalion wrlll 10 Mycnolt 
Enterprisea. 4616 Bell Blufl A .... San Diego. CA 
92119. (514-5128) 
MACINTOSH SERVICES. Dorl'! pay booksto,. 
prioeIl We do repoir and trainIng lor lilt Macintosh 
compuIIrmodall. FutInaKpenliva.guar.,,\Md 
since 1989. W. fix video. floppy . hard drive • . etc. 
ERICTAONICS 581 ·2339. (514' 
R.E.D. Rerove<y from Eating Dieonlers. Are you 
~upied with weight gain. bingIng •• xeass ..... 
..erdIa ... Call for help and/O( Info from Hanq or 
Suaan. peer COUnaaloll lnom OrH:alllPUS UCSD's 
psychological and counseling services. 534-2237. 
(514-5111 ) 
WOld Proc:assirV1"yping: Academic manuscripts. 
papers. theses . .. n .... r.sumes. AcaJrateIFasl 
service. Mary Ann 452·~. (~) 
GRAD WEEK· PUERTO VAL~RTA·8 days. 
roundtrip air. baachtronl holel. tax.s. transt.rs 
paid. GAP TRAVEL .92 ... 79. (4120-517, 
PASSPORT PICTURESI ...... al Cal Copy. Only 
$5.95. While you Will. XIIfOX .. and more. Near 
Sl Germain·s. 452·\1949. (!1123-61.) 

VOlLEYBAll LESSONS - Summer ill ....... 
11m. 10 ref ine your bump. lei and spik.1 
Experienced YOIleyballlnstructorwill teach highly. 
personalized lessena In grass. sand. or IndOor 
lechniques. II you want 10 leam volleyball ,.., 
make the call - Greg. 546-1421 . (4130-517) 
TLC TYPING. 'WOld proc:asslng With Car.: 
Reports. Papers. Resumes. Forms. LaserJet 
prtnler. SluOenlllll ... 279-0309. (4113-517) 

1981 Toyota Corolla. 4 door. 5 speed. AMlFM 
can. AlC. 106K mi .... exc:ellentcondilion. $21 00 
abo. Call 534·5681 . (514) 
WhiI. F'nbird 1a1182. ve. 80.000 mi. Exc:al oond. 
$2900. 558-8211 . (514-5118) 
For .ale: Dark oak bedroom set. Excellenl 
oond~1on 1 0. ...... mirror. and nightstand. 5150. 
Wood cI8Sk fOr 530. Call Jarnle 554-0127. (SI.' 
Olympic welghl set and bench. $200. Ovation 6-
siring guitar with hard shall case. 1275. Chris 
558-2859. (Sl4·517) 
Moving saIe:AI muslgol l985 Oldsmobile Cullass 
Clerra. V-6. Excellenl c:ondition. s1ereo. $1 .500 or 
baal oller. Roeslgnol 45 Equippe. Solomon 
Equlppe bOOts. Martler MRR binding. Rac'ng 
poles. SONV c:ompect hi·fi digital stereo system 
willi CD player. microphone all In .xcel"nl 

oond~lon. Srand new HawieI1' Packard Business 
cak:uI.lor with manual. MUfamatsu Flute with 
music: stand. ~. 2 larva 8.qU.~. Kashmir 
~·mactIe ._ with Mughal dt.ign. And 
much morel Prices negotiable. Call 668·9n3 
anytime. (514-517) 
Hawail·plane tId<.L one w~. Jun. 16. $200 or 
baal offer. 587-2116. (514-517) 
Hawaiian Air Roundtrip. $425 abo. lor one Iid<.l 
SIgn your name and go by June 29. 1992. Good 
.1 lIlY time belere then. Includes Island hop 10 
Kauai. Please call Shawn at 454-Q895. (4130-517) 
100 wall bass and keyboard amp for sale. Only 
$330. Call Shyam at 272-9957. W27-5I14) 
Hawlllan -rtIoetcI & VIctOry l,*"-omp 
... .utI w~h board c:owr - $120. __ hal"n 
racing IIIl1awl eampagnolo c:ornponents & Inlegra 
500 pedals - $100. Call Randy: 792-0081 . (41 
2()-5I4, 

FULL SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff T enning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------1 Month Tanning for 
Accelerator included; no additional fee. $35 
Mu .. presenl this coupon. up. 5/1 B/92 

P/eo5e ask abou, OtJr other services such as manicures a,;j hair care! 
--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTER 

8650 Gen8$ee, Ste. 214 
San Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1834 

\\/ \\/1((111/ I W\JII\\Jj) ,\ \()INII\Jj) 1\( 1/\\( ,1" 
WlDNISDAY NIGHTS .... 6 to 10 PM .. 

UelD NIGHT 
al ~~\l. W;(l~ ~'!~ [Po. 

~ 
~ 

CHEESE 
PIZZAS 
$5.9' 

Dun 

J " ~ (wilh proof of 2 I) 
I~\~III \1\\111 I (il \ l in 1,1)\1 1 .1'11" \ 1.\1 ' II I 

Monday, May 5, 1992 

Fumilure. otIIlCi\M. dIehM. aa--. pIcUw. 
toys -.dloll_. P1e.aC81534-5213. (<4127. 
5111) 
MotIv MounIIiIn bile. ~ 21·1PMd. good 
oondiCIan. SI2S abo. C81552-G755. (4127.5i4, 
WetauM (rip curt) - ...,', MT ........... bIaal. 
pertecI oordIIon $75. A#II. lor SImon 517"'. 

(~ 
1980 HoftdaCMc. NMdaarNII,..... bulmoc:t. 
already rebuilt. ..... "'1 SDina 492·WI7. 
$1000. (4130-517) 
1887 VW Bug - loll 01 peIIOnaII\y. Auns but 
needs iIbk. Cal s.brina 412·9917. 5750 olio. 
(4130-517) 
----------------------,_ MIl ..... LS AulD. 3-iIoor. whitt. L ... 
new. S3SOO. _3421. (~5I4) 

WANTED 
HElPlIl 1 NEED A GENET1CS (BIO 131) TUTOR 
ASAP. Appooxirnlelly 4 InJ'MI. Pay Mg. (110-
S 1511r..' -.d .. worIt MIund your 1ChIcUe. c.II 
531-2144 -.d _lor KrIIten Of ..... .-.. 
(5I4-!V7) 
"-'.Jam 1icIIaIa lor 1he..., 10 show. Cal MaddI 
556-3108. (514, 
TEN PEOPlE with HEADACHES. drug .... 

~. poown naau ... CAll CARMEN 552· 
2812. (4127-517) 

EARN MONEY. CoupIea marrted lor 1 or_ 
yews needed for '*-1Ittion ~ ptOjKL 
WII lalla approx~ 1 hour. Couple p-'d 115 
lor thaW ~. Cal 458-0485. (4130-511" 
Enthuaial1ic. MII-clilc:.lpllned. Mil-molivatad. 

~ maLtre IlUdenl8IO apply lor poIitionIln 
Ih. COMMUNITY SERVICE OP,.CER 
PROGfWI. The CSOProgram fa currently tiling 
8 poeItions IorPAU 1 ... ~ be ~ lor 
a one·yur c:omml""en1. P..... pIck up 
application -.d na'.,," form from Sludent 
Employment. Read job IIaIIng c:anatully 10 _fa 
qualification. AI IfAIIicanta must -.d one of 
1he inlonnallon ___ betor. an 1n1elView may 
be granted. Inlormation ..... will be held on 
511 . 515. !118 and 5112 at 11 a.m. In 1he PoIIoe 
Department Train\r1l Room. AppIic:ationa due no 
latar m.n May 12 al4 p.m. Cal Greg 81534-9255 
M-F IH2 0( 2-5 10 sign up '0( an Inlormation 
seasIon. (4130-!V7) 

HOUSING 
Room 'or rent • summer. 1 or 2 gif1s wanted 10 
share apt. in La Jolla with 2 girls. Walk. bike. bus 
10 UCSD and UTC. Own bethroom $195 + 114 
utitl1las each lor 2; $330 plus 113 utiities 'or tor 1. 
Call Ruby 0( Sue 558-2235. (514) • 
Female ~ needed I Gel own room in two 
becInoom~ CIDHIo UCSO. UTC. Vone. 
'Ie. lor only 1337.50 • monft pIu. 112 utilities. 
Call Jamie or TIIiCy" 554-0127. (514-5/7) 
AoommaIe w."tedl Own room in 2 story • 2 112 
ba ilMnhouM. Includes GREAT roommates. wi 
d. pool. Between Von'I' UTC. near 34A busline. 
S32S + "4 uliiliel. Available July 1. Call JennIfer 
457-0131. (SI~-5114' 

Roommate wanted · own room in Pacffic Beach. 
avail. June 1. 1207 mo. $150 depoeit. Call 274-
6346. (514-5111) 
RoommateWanted21 brm. townhouse. PI. Loma. 
pool. lennll. Female. non·amoker gradual. 
11udant. 5375. 523-0852. (514" 
R-., tor ranI In UTClUCSD area. Shwe 3 BR 
condo wi 2 m.- 81udants. $325. 113 utilities. 
AvaH. 6-1-92. ChritI587·1791. (514) 
LARGE FURNISHED AenalIIIUlClI lownhOlM 
10 llwewi1hl8male. AU amenities. pool. garage. 
mona. $785. 587·2883. (514-5114) 
FOR RENT: 3 BR. 2 BA. 1500 sq ft. EncinI1aI 
condo; brighlend unft; Juty 1. 45+6462. (514-51 
11) 
FOR RENT: Mira Mesa: 2BA. 2M 1150 Iq. ft. 
condo. Single level end unil. SIeepe 3 PMOnt. 
OUIET; $860: 454-6482. (514) 
FOR RENT: 3BR. 2 112BA. UNIVERSITY CITY 
PLAYMOR; wtllher/d~/reIriger_; 1550 Iq. 
ft. ~; end unit: OUIET; 459-6022. (514' 
Scrippe Ranch. nIc:a big 4br '-Ie """ yard. 
gaRIen. big kitchen -.d laundry. SIwa on flexible 
monthly basIa. ~. no smoking. S3SO + 
thana utilities. John 587·7370. (514) 
ROOMMATE WANTED IWting end 01 Aug. 
through next year. Own room in baauIiIuI brand-
"" apr1men1 8 min. from UCSD. $345 + 112 
utilities. Must be neal&conaIder .... non-smoker. 
Call Shelly 275·2468. (Sl4, 
0eI Mat: 2 rms. privatAlbalh In 4BR hOlM. Washerl 
dryer. g.,age. Non·smoker. pre'.r gradual. 
student S500 + 112 ulii1iel. Avlll June 1. 755-
8061 . (514-517, 
AVAIL. JUNE 20 · Room Wi desk. bad In IUnny. 
apaclous duplex. La Jolla. Billa 10 1ChooI • .-
bu,. Consider.... Independent houMmatel. 
waaher. dryer. dog. eat. the woNl $380. MIlIa 
452·3142. (514-5111) 
W ... toUCSO. LI1ar .. -.dupbaatlnlOKIInce. 
Iec:h. biz. hNItI. -.d humanity. SII8na niCII 2 
bdrm apr. (wllols o'booka n • pool ,..1) In 
Ralph', Center. S380/mo. John 462.Q68. (<4127-
5128) 
FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED 10 rant t-ve 
room In UnIvetIIIy CIt)' condo. S335 + 113 UIIItiea. 
Jod'I 587·1330. (4127-!V7) 
Summer roomrtIItIII(,' .....a: own room (S400) 
Of IhIta maIIIf badraom will • friend (S280 
NCh, In tumiIhId 3 badraom apt. o,m. pool. 
PI'kfng. dole to CM1PUI. 1M. IIDIW. Cal 462· 
3019. (4127·!V7j 

Twolunand ~guya1oaklng1or2paope 
willi _ quaIitIM 10 IIwe mea,., badraom In 
La Jolla during IUmmer -.d nell1 ye.-Ior S300I 
person. 556-1380. Eric Of Kevin 44/20-514) 
Want 10 !MIle IIIOMJ .... JOU _ out 01 
town IhIa-'Aent your '-'t, apartmenl 
or part 1hereollo raeponolbIe law ""Ia who 
wiI be clerking ........ CIIpIan .lIIlne I 
IIcItWaIIn San Diego. PIMM cal685-311W lor 
further Informatjon. (4Il:H1.) 

Room ......... lor 2 ........ to ahar. for Ial .. 
Lave hou .. block 110m beach In Del Mat. 5310 
+ ullll*. OWe 792·2392. (4130·514) 
Room Ioriwnt. 1I2b1ock_~1nom beach. master 
badraom wiIIIIII. IIw wI\Wo laid back students. 
nor1I1 P.B. I270-4929. $4761month and north 111 
(4130-514) 
~ MIF non-Imoker 10 thana tumllhed 
badraom 2 badIoom hoUle. $490. 452-G436. (41 
30-5111, 

EMPLOYMENT 
on.. our rantal1NCk 10 Eaat CoMl (N.n. F_ 
~. Mfd.Mey ..... 2721. (514) 
POlITlCAl FUNDRAISERS • paIt lime. flexible 
hours · 57 hr. pIu. c:ommltaion· cal evenings • 

Mon.~rI. ·457·8873. (514·517) 
Top Inetructors Only, ....... Bio. Chern or 
PhyIicI. Gnada. PoeIdocs. Adjunc:ltl wi great 
avail. C8I lor p'I or III INChIng oppo.-.nitiH. 
HypeMarnIng 1-800-843-4973. (514) 
SUMMER JOBS TO SAVE THE 
EIMRONIII!HT. EARN 1251»-35110. National 
c:ampaign poaitiona 10 promote c:omp<ahenIIve 
raeyc:tlng. peslk:ida relorm and curb global 
warmlng. Avail In 29 .taIes and D.C. Campul 
__ 5113114. Cal Jam .. : 1-1OO-7~. 
(514-5111) 
..., 1imII. rnomng.; TueslThu .... P.A. MatIIatlng 
uailtMllor dOC:IOr'. ofIic:e. Cal CARMEN 452-
2882. (<4127'517) 
a.Ing fit fa hiring experienced _obic teachers 
lor CIairernonIIOcation. can Lanny 483-9294. (41 
20-514) 
CRUISE SHIPS NOW HlIlNO - Earn 12.000'" 
month + world Ira •• 1 (H_ali. M4Uic:O. lhe 
c.ribe.". elc.,. Holiday. summer and ear_ 
employment.,aII8bIe. Noexperlenc:aneeassary. 
For .mpIoyment program call 1 -206-~ 155 
ell1. C450. (3130-814) 

, 

The UCSD Guardian 

END THE SEMESTER WITH A BANGI Student 
p..-: Earn hundreds oIdOIIn MCIlday oIIering 
Discover Card appIjcatIona on c:ampua. Laat 
chancel 1-100-1132-4528 •• xt W. (4123-5114) 

PERSONALS 
National Day of Prayer 517/92. Come pray in 
Gallery B PrIc:a Center ."ytim. ~n 6-11 . (SI 
4) 

ChlOrnegacongrMuia1eos Kalen. KlII1en. Rachel. 
And\. Karen. Alliaonll W.· .. going 10 have a blasU 
(SI.) 
SMOKELESS BAR & GRILL VOIIeybar. on lhe 
comer 01 Grand and C ... in P .B .. is a greal spot 
lor the UCSO alhlttic cnowd. Gr .. 1 musk:. ape'" 
on the lube. darts and awuorne 'ood.lhe 'V·Bar· 
i. lor youl (514.6/4, 
Dear 5moocher King . Wil you go 10 m~ tormal 
w~h me? Love Baby (514) 
Whal I, Educallon Abroad Progr.m and 
Opportunities Abroad Program? "'.1hey'or me? 
Vesll eom. 10 EAPIOAP General Into s.lliOn. 
Tuelday. May 5. 1 :30-3 p.m. International Cenle' 
Confer.nce Room. (51.) 
Technology prince". Our true colors are 
rec:orded: while-grey·brown·green·red·blue· 
yellow. Usten. (4II3-IV4, 
YOU CAN HAVE WHITER. BRIGHTER TEETH 
NOWI DenlitlllUpervised. permanently whilen •. 
Sale -.d aimple. S300 for upper and _rl reg. 
5495. Staff -.d Studenl paymenl plans available. 
Call10day lot mo .. lnlotmatiOn aI453·5525. (011 

23-5I~) 

WANTED 100 PEOPlE. w.wilpay yoo 10 10 .. 
10-29.,.. in 30 days. 1-800-3n-8442. (4127·51 
14, 

VOlLEYBALl LESSONS - Summer is he ... 
lima 10 r.'lne your bump. I" and spike I 
Exparlanced voIIeybaIIlnslnJC1Orw~lleach highly. 
pnonaIized lessons In grass. sand. or IndOo< 
lechniq ..... II you wanl 10 ..." YOI"yball ,.., 
make 1he call- Greg. 54&-1421 . (4/30·517) 
Nioe Iry. Koe ... You pt~ sottbalilik. you pul OUI 
a newspaper. (514' 
So when do I ~I 10 play with my package 
wfllPPlng? (514) 

?dIeIt~ 
,'"iit,.$I- mjel.'ljd-f.ifiN $1 00 HapPV Hour Any Drink All Day & Night 
$ -'200 $150 Well Drin~ & DomestJc 

Imports Drafts 
- POOL TABLES 
DARTS· FOOD· OJ LIVE MUSIC 

8 pm to closing 

1466 Garnet Ave., P.B., just past Ingraham 
272-8540 

The "Sun " is always shining at 
~ Holiday Ct. Trim & Tan ca II .. 1iJ,,,.'U;:'U;::'.1 
(near UCSD) • , 

2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for Q friend 
°Flrsl lime clients only wllh Ihls coupon. 

~~b:-- 30 TAN DAYS $29 
calif Of details' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 

Lo .. 8" Guar.nteedl 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a Iremporary WI'" loss • Reduce cellulile and streIch rna .... 

rI---------, 
I FREE \e I 
I s G ~ PlCCELERATOR I 
L.!!I!!!!!!!!~~~~:....J. __ ~I~S~~ ~'~~2 

I, POliullr 01IIIIIIII 
W_SIIln Ire 
UC SAN6IIIA NlalSI 

UCSD SPECIAL , 

I TAPA 
& 

1 DRINK 
~rlh $395 

.ldnesdaJl 
!295 Pl'08ped St. #201 456 1579 .iththilod m Downtown La Jola - .:.,. J_ I 

..... _____________ =---' _______ .J 

CLASSIFIEDS 9 

SPRING 
CLEANING SALE 

a ALL OAKLEY EYEWEAR 25% OFF! 
a CONTINENTAL GRAN PRIX 

TIRES Reg. 27.95 NOW $19.95 
o SIOI CYCLING SHOES 

Reg. 69.95·89.95 NOW $39.95-$49.95 
a ALL JANND NYLON 

BACKPACKS & BAGS 
a GIRO HELMETS 

a ALL AVOCET AND 
BROOKS SADDLES 

20% OFF! 
20% OFF! 

20% OFF! 

CLFARANCE SALE 
ON AIL REMAINING 

'9181KES 
All sate ilems limiled 10 Slock on hand. 

UCSD BIKE SHOP in the Sludent Center 
Hours: Mon. · Fri. 10AM· 5PM 

534-4279 

Hyperleaming (455-1000) 
The MCAT Review Course (456-4848) 

ley H. Kaplan (277-674;f) 
The Princeton Review (695-9952) 
and Ronkin (587-8600) 
all have prep programs for this test. 

Before you plunk down hundreds of donars for it course, 
call around and eet the facts, Best of all, ask your friends. 
We have several hundred recent students who are on-campus 
at UCSD. How many hours were in your course? WhIlt were the 
credentillis of your instructors? Was teaching their exclusive, full-
time responsibility? How large were your classes? How many 
passage-style problems did you cover? How many testing hours? 
How many essays did you write? How many were professionally 
critiqued and scored? Ut me see )lour materials! 
When learning complex skills, it is our position that you need 
extensive personal contact with real experts in small classes. 

Included in our program: 
Over 130 hours of in-class problem solving and review. 
The best instructors in theil fields, with advanced degrees 
in their specialty, and years of fun-time teaching experience. 
Neyer more than 24 students in any class. 
Four days a week over twelye weeks. 
Two fun weeks of MeAT testing and an alysjs. 
More than lJioo Piles of focused reyiew materials. 
All subjects reviewed simultaneously rather than serially. 
Well paced prestudy, in-class, and homework activities. 

Our classes stMtJune 22nd. Call for additional information. 

, . 



\ ~ 

. ." 

10 SPORTS 

BASEBALL 
ContInued from page 12 
more. 

Catcher Dominic Dirksen aided 
the Triton cause with a fifth-inning 
round-tripper, driving home a pair 
of runs. Dirksen's blast was his sec-
ond of the year, giving sixof the 
Triton batsmen two or more long 
balls this season. 

UCSD's offense has been nearly 
unstoppable thi year with the first 
ix batters in the line-up hitting at a 

.300cliporbelter.TIle Tritons have 
averaged eight runs and I I hits per 
game, compared to four runs and 
nearly eight hits for their adversar-
ies. 

Righthander Bryan Thomason 
(5-2) threw eight hard innings for 

WANTTOBEA 
Guardian 

EDITOR? 
Applications for 1992-93 

editorial positions are 
now being accepted. 

The deadline Is May 14. 
There are 17 different 
positions available! No 
experience necessary. 
For more InfonnatIon, 

look for the haIJiNtge ad 
In Thursday's GuantIan, 
or call Pete or Jason at 

534-6580. 

UCSD, picking up tpe victory. 'The 
win was TholTllL'iOn 's first as a starter 
since a 5-4 squeaker against Biola 
on Feb. 22. 

Reliever Kun Luhrsen was called 
to the mound in the ninth inning and 
the sophomore slammed the door 
on the Crusaders. 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD will host Cal State San 
Bernardino in it. last regular season 
match-up on Tue day at 3 p.m. 
Though the Tritons are vinually 
guaranteed a po t-season berth, 
UCSD's David Rex will have a 
personal investment on the line in 
the season finale. 

Rex, UCSD's premier power- ~ii(;~EI~1 
hitter, transferred from the Division 
II Coyotes and will face his former 
teammates for the fi rst time this t;.:~~!Ll~~Z!i:~t=.:3t:~ 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

season. Jason RilchielGuw1Dl 
The track team hurdled some stiff competition at the UCSD Open, which featured over 45 teams. 

M. TENNIS TRACK sixth, followed by teammate Steve TIle women were fast on the Sargeant, who finished eighth with track with both Erica Washington 
Continued from page 12 ContInued from IJ8Ie 12 a 6-5 jump. and Yvette Marzullo winning their 

UCSD Head Coach Tim Ditzler National team. Darcy Arreola. and On the trdCk, top finishers for the healS of the 200-meter race with 
seemed relieved that his team ended the top-ranked 8@meter runner in men includedJarnes Wiley,coming time of 25.32 seconds .and 26.42 
the season on a winning note. the world. Jose Luis Barbosa. back. from an injury to win his heat seconds, respectively. Both women 

" I thought we played really well. Despite this tough competition, in both the I OO-meter race and the also ran well in their other events. 
I'm really happy with the way we the Tritons fared well both on the 200-meter race, in times of 11.22 Washington came in fourth in her 
played in the last two matches. It track and in the field. seconds and 23.27 seconds respec- 1000meter heat in 12.19 seconds, 
was a good win for us," the coach Top fini hers in the men 's field tively. Also finishing second in their and Marzullo finished fifth in her 
said. events included Olympic-trial bound heats were Jason Anderson in the heat of the 400-meter nIce in 58.8 

Now iI's just a waiting game for Scott Sargeant, who placed second 400-meter hurdles, in 55.60 sec- seconds. Sprowl also won on the 
the Tritons who can only wait and in the Invitational hammer with a onds and Patrick Foy in the 400- track withatimeof 12.82 in her heat 
hope to be selected to represent the throw of201 -8. 76. Cunis Williams meters in 50.93 seconds. Scott Leon of the 1000meter race. 
West Region as a team at the na- also did well in the hammer in the finishedthird in his heat of the 1.500- Othertop finishers for the women 
tiona! toumament May 14-21, in open division, finishing fourth with meter race with a time of 4: 10.53. included Denise McFayden. who 
Atlanta, Georgia. a throw of 106-1.5. Also fini shing On the women'sside,topperfor- captured third in her heat of the 800-

Both John Cross and Chad Morse fourth were Paul Cogbill in lheopen mances were turned in by Diane meter race in 2: 14.95, Michelle 
have been chosen to participate at discus with a throw of 152-6 and Fritz who finished fourth in the In- Milledge, who finished fourth in her 
nationals in the individual competi- Damian Coleman with a jump of vitationallongjump with ajumpof heat of the 1000meterrace in 12.89 
tion. UCSD is currently ranked fifth 45-7.25 inthe triplejump.lan Cooke 17-1, and Renee Sprowl, who fin- seconds. and Diane Fritz, who also 
in the Western Region of Division put in a good jump of 6-7 in the ished sixth in the triple jump with a came in fourth in her heat in the 100-
m. Invitational high jump, fini shing leap of 35-8. meter hurdles in 15.50 seconds. 

GET RELIEF ••• GfT RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! UCSD SPECIALS 
CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
·Since /980, the goal of our practice has 
been to find il/ld remove the cause of 
your health problem, rather than just 
. ymptom relief - • without costly drug or 
surgery. N 

• Student & Faculty Discounts 
• Auto, Work & Sports Injuries 
• Insurilnce Accepted 
• Open Daily 9 am-7 pm 

and Saturday 

CAll TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QU41.ITY CARE 

558-3600 
NO-COST INITIAL SPINAL EXAM 

AND CONSUL TA TlON 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 

located atl ·5 and La Jolla Village Drive 
across from Hyatt Aventine 

STRATFORD 
COFFEE HOUSE 

Open 7am - 5pm * 7 Days a Week * 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court * Oel Mar 

(comer of 13th & Stratford Court) 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salads 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Gounnet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

• Cappuccino 
• Danishes 

• Scones 

~ 
'¢!Qj1' I TOYOTA! Suzuki Mazda Hyundal 

"0"' Mltsublsh. Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 
Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

Minor Tune Up. Special ·,$29 '(reg. $55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes a lot more than others. It rdudes: 
2. Distributor points 6. Clean & replenish aM ftuid & oil levels to. Check undercarriage for damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check b<akes t 1. Ched< cooing system & hoses 
4. Adjust timing 8. CheCk clutch t2. Road test 
5. Adjust dwell <r1gle 9. Check lights 

, ~:eOint M!jp!!e"'~S~~ecial l,~~~· 
2. Valve adjllstmer.: 11. Adjusnmlng 21. Chedl & replemsh an 28. CheCk and recharge 

Replace' 12. Ad(usl dwel angle nUtd and oil levels banery. it necessary 
3 Valve cover gasket 13. Adjust carburelor 22. Ched< eletrical system 29. Rotate tires (il needed) 
4 Spark plugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. CheCk lor loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. DlSlnbutor potIlts 15. Adjus aor & luel rallO mix bolts 31. Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 16. Adjust clulch 24. CheCk brakes 32. Check all holders 
7. Air h~er. 17. Ad(uSl brakes 25. Check clulch 33. CI1edt cooing system & 
8.61 Mer. 18. Adjust emergency brakes 25. Ched< ights hoses 
9. Gas fdl8r. and 19. Check & adJUSl exposed 27. Check undercarriage lor 34. CheCk exhaust system 
to. Engine oi belts damages 35. Road test 

20. Lube front end 

N«. F~~·c;;pi;;·CI~t~8hkj;b· $169 * 
We~: 

1. TransmiSSlOll input shah SEal (excep! 4. Throwout bearilg Note: Hydrauflc parts are not covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilot bearings NOl1or 4WD. Front v.f1eel drive extra. 

2. Pressure plale 6. New transmission oit 
3. Clulch disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Front or rw. Braks job idJdr1s: 

" . !nstaI speci& new pads or insIaIt /liar brake shoes 5. Bleed emile InJIa system 
2. Oran old !Jake "uid 6. ~ lrent (W clums) iY1d ,.. shoes 
3. tnspect CXJIIl1!eIe hydra.jc system 7. Replace we rotor seals (d rotor bnI) 
4. Refit hychulic llIid 8. Road test 
)tXt: ~1*11" no( inc:QIod 

.rend new ...... -"1Ibout our ............. for ...... 0. ........ 
All our WOIk ..... 2-y __ or ZO,OOOtttttI .. llIIIted .811'...,. 

All ...... ncIude,.ta ........... 

Ovetseas r:a::ramar Rd, .... 1990 
Au ....... Rlpllli \Whtis:"I=:~ 

•• d ••• 6. . 
Towing and rental car avail8ble. Monday-Friday. 7:30 am-6 pm. Opea ........., 

Monday, May., 1992 

GAME 
ContInued from .... 12 
leaving no one covering second base 
with a man on first. Maybe it was 
some kind of psychological tactic 
meant to confuse us. 

TIley borrowed another page 
from the football playbook, unveil-
ing the nickel, dime and, finally, 
quarter outfields. Yes, they had 
seven outfielders at one time. Well, 
perhaps not, because they claimed 
that they were really just shifted 
infielders. 

"Yeah, that guy in right-center is 
just our shortstop. and the one in 
left-center-Ieft is actually our 
catcher," they said. 

TIley were a lot more stylish on 
offense too. 

While the Guardia" was content 
with stroking base hits. the Koala 
made things more exciting. jump-
ing between weak grounders and 
horne runs. They blasted two round-
trippers toournone. Coincidentally, 
both of the slams were to right field, 
where our intrepid right-fielder Phil 
patrolled. 

But it wasn ' t all Intrepid Phil 's 
fault. The opposing team has never 
been accused of fair play, and this 
game would be no exception. 

Poor old Phil was a target of their 
psychological warfare every time 
he stepped to the plate. Being the 
composed, cool-as-ice man that he 
is, he didn't let it get to him, show-
ing the Koala up by almost geuing 
on base twice. 

In the end. though, the forces of 
good triumphed over evil, and the 
Guardian had succeeded in once 
again vanquishing its would-be ad-
versary. 

But not all Guardiollplayerswere 
happy. Team MVP Hollywood 
Elgin was disappointed with the fi-
nal outcome,despite going five-for-
six with six RBI. "I wanted the 
benches to clear," he said ruefully. 

Some final stats: Winner of the 
best batting stance contest: Three-
way tie between Jason, Boom-
Boom, and Intrepid Phil. TIle edge 
here has to go to Jason, who man-
aged to look like he had a severe 
hernia. Jason himselfhas described 
his stance as "onhopedically un-
sound," an W1derstatement to be sure. 

Best beer slam to putout ratio: 
Hollywood. who managed an 8:8. 
A special mention should be given 
to Jason here, who evidently had 
gotten a little too much sun when he 
missed his mouth entirely, tossing 
the whole cup behind him. Believe 
me, thai almost started the brawl 
that Hollywood was looking for. 

Most courteous player: Any 
one of the Koala team members 
who thoughfully brought any 
Guardioll player that made a defen-
sive playa new frosty, After they 
saw that they wouldn't be geuing 
rid of much beer that way, they just 
gave it away to anyone who looked 
thirsty. 

Best should-bave-beea a home 
run: Mike Maninez, GUIUdian. 
Nobody is quite sure what Mike 
was thinking when he hit a blast that 
even Teny Forster could have gone 
around on: Whatever the reason, he 
managed to get tagged out at home 
after jogging from second to third, 
stopping at third, looking arpund to 
get his bearings, checking to see 
what time it was, making a call from 
his cellular phone, filling a cup trom 
the keg, taking a step off the bag, 
tying his shoes, looking both ways 
and then, making sure the ball was 
now safely in the catcher's miu, 
taking off for home, making sure 
not to slide or avoid the tag in any 
way. "('mout? HowT'heexclaimed. 

The UCSD Guardian 

~, ,~ ~, ,~ " " " " " ~ 
~ \' UNIVERSITY OF CALIFOINIA, SAN DIEGO ~ 1-(9-- SUMMER SESSION 1 
: I' 1992 ~: 
, , 

~ UCSD Sa .. SIssI. offers two sessions: ~ 
~ June 29-July 31 and August 3-September 4. ~ , , 
~ An exciting range of courses from virtually ~ 
~ every campus deplItIllent is offered, Catalogs ~ 
I I 
, are available now. For your free copy, drop by I , , 
~ the Summer Session Office, UCSD Extension ~ 
~ . Complex, Building A, Monday through ~ 
I I 
, Friday, 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m or phone 534-4364, I , , 
, xl 046. I , ~ , 
~ ~ ~ 
I LlE::!5i~ I 
, I 
"""""~/" , 
GUARDIAN ADVERTISING 534~3466 

.; :' 

annoWlcing . 
the 

S 
MAJOR 

at 
UCSD 

dfecti~ 

SPRING 1992 

:::: 

.,:: ':~~:I~;! 

Jrlforrnational pamphletS 

i:iii!I~~~:I~thr£c~w:omcn" Studies rna~~r'· .. 1i<l in Women', Studia offices, literature Detlian~ 
UelltArtntCl't, Commurtication 

Women's Raource Center, 

1t UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, :t SAN DIEGO SCHOOL OF MEDICINE "Medical School Applicants Conference" May 9, 1992 
SPONSORED BY: 

UCSD-SOM Special Admissions Support 
(SAS) Program 

LOCATION: 
Liebow Audilorium 
Basic Science Building, Room 2100 
8:00 am-4:30 pm 

TOPICS OF DISCUSSION: 
Curriculum Developmenl/Sludy Skills 
The Professional Exam 
Admissions Process: Osteopathic/Allopathic Medicine 
Personal Slatement 
Moc;k Interviews 

INVITED MEDICAL SCHOOLS: 
Charles R. Drew University of Medicine and Science 
College of the OSleopathic Medicine of the Pacific 
Stanford University 
U.C. Davis 
U.C. lrvine 
U.C. Los Angeles 
U.C. San Diego 
U.c. San Francisco 
University of Southern California 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND TO REGISTER, CALL THE 
SPECIAL ADMISSIONS SUPPORT PROGRAM AT 5344170. 

REGISTRATION FEE $6.00. 

SPORTS 11 

r---------------------------------------------· o ERE~ Yogurt or IceCream t9 
Buy one cup or cone, at regular 

t(j price, Get one for FREE! cJ 
LII" iI S3 . Topping nollncluded. 

No! 'Iahd WIth other discounts One coupoft per custome,. pew V$fI . 
Val ,d onlya r Costa Verde Shopping C/Mr.r.O".r .XPITe5 5 / 4 /92 

' ~ IIII·\ -dn. S -Y.-& leve S (allnatura!) FROGEN YOZURT, 
Together in the Costa Verde Shopping Center 

8650 Genesee (accross from U.T.C.) 450-3044 
-----------------------------------------------

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 

GERMAN~ SWEDISH Be JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed. Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

( (j 1 n) 27;;·1 1:12 
Mon.-Fri. 7 a.m.-5:30 p .m. 
Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p .m. 

1t'e __ ......-.. 

Ii_II\!> 1 ... rI ...... 
le •• retl~,.. 

--------------------100/0 OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday a. (next to Domino's PIzza) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 :30·6 p .m . '.plres 6 / 4 92 
S"t . 1 4 p m WIth UCSD IU 

CONTACT LENS 
$79 $99 
Complete Complete 
Daily Soft Lenses Extended Soft Lenses 

~~$159 $199 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas perm. hard Brown eyes to blue 

CLAIREMONT 
279-&858 

5585 C1airemont Mesa Blvd. 

• S.rvlc. 
• Qu.llt)' E),.c.r. 
• •••• 0n.It •• Pr.c •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adam Ave. 

Hours: Mon.-Fri . 10-6 • Sat. 10-5 



\ 

12 SPORTS 

Intrepid Phil Leads 
the Way to Glory 
N ow. I'M NOT ONE TOOLOAT. so I won't ramble on here about Saturday 's epic 
softball battle between this 
newspaper and another highly-
vi ible. marsupial-inspired 
campus media. No. you will not 
find me exhibiting poor sports-
manship by carrying on about the 
resul ts of thiS cOnlest. so I'll just 
move on and tart the column. 

To hell with sportsmanship. 
The staff here demands that I rub 
it in. and I'm only too happy to 
oblige. Guardia" 23. Koala 10. 

To tell the truth. this game was 
sort of the Hudsoll Hawk o f 
softball games: after a while it got 
so ugly. you couldn 't bear to 
watch anymore. even if you were 
playing. That's why they brought 
the keg. 

As for the Guardian. we came 
in with a pea- hooter offense and 
a defense to match. 

I think the problem with our 
defen e was that we were so 
conce rned with looking good, that 
actually coming up with the ball 
was secondary. Our second 
baseman. Joe, was especially good 
at this. He could make even the 
most routine plays look diffic ult. 
but dammit, he was stylish. 

OUR n IIRO BASEMAN earned a new nickname, "Pop-up" 
Pete, for his mastery of pulling 
down the short pop fly with 
aplomb. while Intrepid Outfielder 
Phil made every shot to right an 
adventure. 

Despite the score, the contest 
turned out to be quite a pitcher's 
duel. with both hurlers recording 
more than a few strikeouts. which 
is kind of sad, since we were 
pitching to ourselves. 

I'll say this for the Koala; they 
may have lost. but they looked 
better screwing up than we did. 

Somehow, I don't know how 
they managed to do this - it must 
have meant long hours of practice 
- but they were usually able to 
get three or four players all 
running after the same shon fly 
ball. This resulted in a lot of those 
painful-looking colli ions you see 
on highlight films with all of the 
guys crashing into each other at 
high speeds and the whole group 
going down in a tangle of 
compound fractures. 

W E AT THE Guardia" could only look on in awe as they 
repeatedly performed this exercise 
in stylishness, sometimes even 
lowing down to point at the 

various body parts littering the 
field as we rounded the bases. 

The Koala also turned out to be 
brilliant defen ive strategist, 
introducing the first zone defense 
softball has ever seen. 

I'm still not really sure how it 
was upposed to work. but I think it 
might have something to do with 
leaving no one covering second base 

See GAME, Page 11 

SPORTS 
The UCSD Guardian 

Jaaon RIdIie{~ 

The Tritons got off to a fast start at the UCSD Open , placing well despite the intense competition. 

Canseco? Fielder? Tennis Keeps 
Playoff Hopes 
• Crucial season-ending win 
over Point Lorna key for a 
postseason berth 
By Blair Rlcley 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men 's tennis team got a 
much-needed win on Thursday afternoon 
against the Point Loma Nazarene College 
Crusaders. 

TIle Tritons had to win this season finale 
in order to keep their postseason hopes 
alive. 

Cllad Morse led the way at nurnber-one 
singles forUCSDwith a 6-4, 6-3 ousting of 
Mattias Rendefors. John Cross, playing at 
the number-two position for the Tritons, 
took his match in straight sets over Victor . 
Vemif,6-I,7-6. 

Jeff· Bethard, UCSD's number-three 
player, took three sets to defeat the Crusad-
ers' Sean Willette, 6-4, 6-3, 6-1. Caner 
Hedrick, playing number-four singles, lost 
his match to Point Loma's Rob Pearson, 
6-4,6-2.6-1. 

Not quite. It's Associate Opinion Editor Philip 
Michaels, who led the Guardian to a 23-10 win over 
the Koala in the papers' annual softball match-up. 
The win was the Guardian's third straight 

TIle two matches at number-five and six 
were possibly the most exciting of the day. 
At number-five, Vern Yamelliost the first 
set toJohn Nonon. 4-6, before he turned the 
tables and took the last two and the match, 

Seventh Heaven For UCSD 
• Baseball extends 
win streak. to seven 
games as they knock 
otIPoint Loma, 6-3 
By Ben ElgIn 
Starr Writer 

Point Lorna Nazarene (19-25) 
has had the misfortune of playing 
the Tritons twice in April, a month 
where UCSD (26-6-1) vowed to 
finish strong and cuny some m0-
mentum into the NCAA playoffs. 
The Tritons have respected this 
vow by posting a 12-3 record in 
April and carrying a seven-game 
win streak into May. 

The Triton batters were outhit 10-
9by Point Lorna; however, UCSD 
was able to muster up clutch hits 
while capitalizing on three Cru-
sader errors. 

Leadoff hitter Guy Cataldo 
continued on his offensive tear. 
stroking a pair of doubles. In 
Tuesday's contest against 
Whittier, Cataldo nailed five hits 
including a grand slam and a triple. 
The shortstop's four extra-base 
hits over the last two games is one 
shy of his previous season total. 

UCSD scored runs in the first 
and second iMings before grab-
bing three in the fifth. The Tritons 
chased home another run in the 
sixth and took a 6-2 lead into the 
ninth. Point Loma threatened in 
the ninth, but scored only once 

Monday, May 4,1992 

Track Runs 
Into a Crowd 
• Tritons host a large field of 
national and international 
competition at the UCSD Open 

ByJuatIne~ 
Starr Writ~( 

The UCSD track team got more than it 
bargained for at the UC San Diego Track and 
Field Open on Saturday. Several teams that 
were supposed to compete in Los Angeles 
changed their plans and decided to avoid the 
riots and run in San Diego. 

In all, there were 25 track clubs. including 
the Mazda. Nike Coast and Reebok clubs; 15 
colleges and universities, including the Uni-
versityofWisconson, UCLA, USC,andBYU; 
representatives from Brazil, Great Britain,lre-
land. Korea, and Sweden; as well as teams 
from the U.S. Navy and Camp Pendelton 
Marines. 

A few world-class athletes also made their 
appearance. including a member of the U.S. 

See TRACK, Page 10 

CIaIdI NguyenlGuIrlMI 
John Cross won in straight sets Thursday. 
6-4,6-4. 

The sixth singles match was equally fan-
tastic. The Tritons' Robbie Ho dropped the 
first set against Andrew Patton, 5-7, and 
won the second 6-4. The final set went all the 
way to a tiebreaker with Ho taking the nail-
biter, 7-6. 

Because the Tritons had already sealed a 
team victory after the singles matches, the 
doubles competition did not need to be 
played. 

See M. TENNIS, Page 11 

UCSD turned back the Cru-
saders 6-3 on Thursday, marking 
the second Crusader defeat at the 
hands of UCSD within a week. . See IAIEIIAU., Page 10 Despite the slide. UCSDwas rldi~ high with a 6-3 victory on 



S2 SPECfACLE The UCSD Guardian 

Not Just a Cheap Pill 
Women's Clinic dispenses friendly health help 

BY SHANNON STEIN, CONTRIBUTING WRITER 
UCSD's Women's Oinic offers 

more than just birth control. 
"The clinic i a wann, safe, 

friendly environment in which 
women can recei ve a variety of help 
and information." said office man-
ager Irene Gos5ett. 

The Women's ainic, located on 
the second floor of the Student 
HeaJlh Center, has boen around since 
the early '70s. Originally named the 
ContraCeptive Counseling and Edu-

J Ther41pll 
80(111 by 

Beth Cooper ~~~~:~!!~ 
~ • promotes r~axotion 

• improves menlol cnd physkol heol~ 

Massoge Associates 
910 Grond Ave .• SIt. 113 

Son Dieao, CA 92109 
561-8405 

Sliding fee scale with Menl 1.0 . 

cation Oinic, the facility served the 
increasing numberof single women 
who wanted to take oral contracep-
tives. 

Since then, the Women's ainic 
has been expanded 10 offer a wide 
number of services. 

"'Weofferafullrangeofgyncco-
logic serviccs, including routincand 
annual check-ups. breasleurns. pap 
smears, tteatmenI for yeast infec-
tions and other sexually transmitted 

Dear science students: 
We are a sci. cduc. co. seeking 
truly excellent T A . s/instru tors 
for pIt & fIt teaching positions. 
Uyou know ofany really out-
standinglone-o(-a-kind TA 'sf 
instructors in Bio. Chem&O-
Chem, Math or Physics, pIc 
and we will send you uscful 
grad school prep info fordoing 
so, + $300 linder's fee for any 
instructor hired. 
Thanks! 

1-800-843-4973 
.Lfu. __ 1-_____ _ 

LJII".' ....::::Ir 1 ., ":J 

diseases." noted Patient Service 
Manager Christine K. Oakley, 
M.P.H. 

In addition. the clinic offers free 
pregnmcy testing, educational pr0-
grams andoounseling on JRIIlIII'CY, 
abol1ion, sterilization and birth con-
trol. 

"We supply IOO6t binh control 
devices except for IUDs. saeriliza-
lions and Norplanl," Oakley says. 

See CUNIC. Page 57 

1 WEEK 
FREE 

'NiIh any 3 week Pre.paid program. 
Expores May 20. 1992. 

You Are Always SpecIal 
at DIet Center® 
~",--, D' t .... 

1 DlICOUfIT 1 ~le==-~=-
I_ 1 Ce te = ... t n r 

_ _ --I 1_ """"./Qu~"",,, ' 
CAlL LA J(UA OIET CENTER TODAY 

459-5979 
7407 Cuvier (off Pearl) 

... ,IlII1c..."'-...,.t-.s,OId ...... .... 

...... ."..., ............. .... 

BE THE 
REVEUl 

GRADUATION 
SPEAKER! 
Applications are 

available now 
at the Revelle 
Dean's Office 

DEADUNE: MAY 8th 

Get Aboard the 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

We paid a million 
dollars for the 
answers to this 
year's LSAr, GRE, 
GMAT and MeAT. 

We spend over a million dollars each year research-
ing tests, updating course 
materials, training lellchers and 
evaluating students. 0 wonder 
no olher Oillpany guarantee~ 
the S orc improvements we do. 
Call now to make our invest-
ment payoff for you. 
TH 
PRIN 
R I 

Computer Rental Special 
for 

Tlte Answe, To 
Standllrdized Tel'S. 

(619) 695·9952 

UCSD Students 
We deliver and set up a Complete IBM Compatible Computer System 
including Hard Drive, Monitor and all kinds of software. Plus the 
best ongoing support and service in the business (just ask one of the 
many sfudents that rented us last quarter). 

465-9004 
1);-1 VII J.~jN 
aiMMvNoiiiAVs 
7227 IIrNd1ow.K Sclb 204 
Lemon 0.-. CA 1I1N6 

(rJ1I1)~ 
FAX (6JII)0f659040 

1/ 

Monday, May 4, 1992 

'onMe 
Psychological Services facilitates 

various student support groups 
BY VALER IE LEEK, CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The stresses of leaving home, 
changing schools. relationshipprob-
lems and academic· pressure can all 
cause anxiety. Growing concerns of 
rape and assault may also add a 
dimension of fear and confusion to 
student life. Open communication 
helps to relieve such stress, but is 
often hard to initiate. Psychological 
Services provides a forum for stu-
dents to address such issues in a 
supponive environment. 

Psychological Serv ices offers in-
dividual and group counseling tar-
geting various emotional problems 
and personal growth issues. Al-
though these services would seem 
to be of great imponance to aU stu-
dents, over 60 percent of those who 
use them are women. Con.sequendy, 
many of the services are largely 
tailored to the needs of women. 

"The Women's Resource Cen-
ter was a product of Psychological 
Services in the 1974-1975 school 
year," recalls Director of Psycho-
logical Services John Giebink. The 
two centers still work together in 
providing programs for groups. 

Some of the programs range from 
support groups to crisis counseling 
and therapy. Dr. Reina Juarez, a 
clinical psychologist3t Psychologi-
cal Services, heads up two different 
undergraduate and graduate 
women'sgroups,includingonesup" 
port network. 

"Women communicate and ex-
change thoughts on how to ensure a 
safe environment," she says. Topics 
range from women combaning dis-
crimination in educational fields to 
self-exploration. 

One of these groups is the Sup" 

I~ susPENSIoN . T~~:~~: il.::~s 
PI. US . Struts 322.£ sc..w.o RooI I. . Front Ends c.n ... ~_ 

I ~ ,PECIA L T Y CEN TERS· Alignments 633-3318 

r----------~ I FOUR-WHEEL lFREE~[~"9~ve I 
1 BRAKE I Computerized I SpecIal 5 porboot 1 
I SPECIAL 1 Front End $2495 1 C'~e:.n::~~~ 1 
1 $6995 1 Alignment m"oWn I-_'*'. El1pnI5I,~ .... 5oI.-. ..-'lOOb r----- -, ...........,.~ Strut Package I .-1'.... 1 ~~ ..... _ . 1 Special 1 
I ,............... I -- 1 I IIIpIa pIIII"" -. -- four(T':!:'t !!!!!!" Gas cartridges (pair) 
FREE r-·...,chni·- h ._., ~ $ MS 1 

tar2 =::-...;..- -r:~ 11:7--p~.. c,IIrIIn ' _ -. Front End Super SIIUIs (pair) low. 1 
COIEDY =:=:"1 Alignment I $15ggs I 

STORE -..---, 1 & 4-nre $1995 IlMM.....,.Froo __ 1 
..... .............. RotatIon ... ~ ......... 

.:;..a::. ~(JIIOII"~ I T.I«oI"",. __ ",,* L- _ ~ ~ _ ... 
.. ...... el1Mi1l a.! - -- EICIitI5I11112. ......I ll ..... on 1 r----- ~ ---,.. $4495 

1 -Oil chi;;"'ge- -14-WheeI $4495 1 ~!='*"'~ 1 
1 Speclal_' __ I~-- 11;:v:=.-==1 
$ 95 ..... up~5 ... .==...~ ..... ut»a.-_ 1 14 oIVIMIh. _ 1 _,......... . I ~.:.~ 1 

L .... EJp. elll1I2.. • ~ 511&112. • ,..,. ~ SIl&1l2. .J 
-----~-----.. -----

• SuIptnIIon LIfta· Body LIfta and loMrinp Avalilble 
Miramar Auto Center. • Winston Square 
6696 Mirmar Rd. #1 _ 3112 Midway Dr. #D 
558-8562 r, 'on ·Frl 8 a rTl 6 p rn 223-2248 

Sat 8 a m·.1 p m 

The UCSD Guardian 

port Group for Graduate Women, 
which helps women in both the sci-
ences and humanities improve their 
confidence and overcome elC.temal 
forces in their academic env iron-
menlS toachievetheirgoals. It serves 
as a nerwork of open communica-
tion and support for those with a 
common interest. 

The second type of group Juarez 
leads is of a more therapeutic na-
ture. She says these groups help 
alleviate fears and problems, while 
inducing personal growth. Some of 
the programs address eating disor-
ders, relationship skills (covering 
both heterosexual and homoselC.ual 
relationships) and social skills. 

These therapy groups explore 
other traumatizing issues such as 
surviving molestation. which Juarez 
says is one of the largest programs. 

"Almost 100 percent of the cases 
start with stress. It is usually the 
initial reason people visit. How-
ever,the initial visits often lead to 
exploration of deeper issues and 
self growth," Juarez says. 

There are a number of groups 
offered that focus on students of 
color and diversity. Groups like the 
Pan-Asian Community Forum, the 
Mexicana, Chicana, Latina Support 

ANNOUNCING ... 

The 
Opening of 

WAVES 
• Bar and Grill • 
outdoor seating w/fXa1l view 

casual. beach atmosphere ... 

HIPPY HOURI $1 16-oz. Drafts 

SPECTACLE S3 

Group and the Black Feminist Fo-
cus gather together stu-

moving towards open communica-
tion lines," Juarez say . 

dents with com-
mon interests and 
ethnicities. The 
needs of the 
group deter-
mine the top-
ics covered and 
facilitate the ex-
ploratjonofcoo:. 
cems conunon 
to the group. 

"There 
seems 
to be a 
IR:Id 

"Stigmas and myths about 
Psychological Services 
being solely for serious 
emotional problems 
seem to be diminishing 
due to the wider par-
ticipation in work 'hops 
andcounseling venues. 
People are beginning 

todiscovertheoppor-
tunities available in 

the programs. es-
pecially the help 

incoping with 
stress." 

P sy-
chologi-

cal Ser-
vices also 
works di-
rectly with 
the Student 
Safet y 
Awareness 

Program. a 
four-year-old 
campus orga-
nization 
headed by 

Nancy Wahlig. The 
See SUPPORT, Page 57 

~RI~"TIN(; (~(). 
Ue5D 
NIGH' 
Wednesday 

Nights 

-$1 
,'WHIRS \Oc.~ 

.. ~ d<R" ~~JI""; 
... ----.... '1'he besf fish and sandwich place in La JoIla* 
Sun.-Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.-Sat. 
11 am-2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 211w student 10 

-----------------------------. _ "--------------~ 
• 

La Jolla Marriott 

TEQUILA TUESDAY, 
\t'S ~ R~n' GoOd lime. 

JOIN us FOR OUR -
HAPPY HOUR CINCO DE 

~-8 p.m. MAYo 
$1.00 j ... __ C ... EL_EB_RA~n~o~N ~ 
APPETIZERS 

$2.25 
TEQUILA SUNRISE 

TOlUlEY'S A San Diego 

late Night Jammin'to ClassIc Rock $100 Tequila Shots 8 pm to dosing 
Nighrclub lomed in rhe 4MO y", VIIICe Dr., &a Jell CA 1IOJ7 

San Diego Marriott (111)117-1414 .... aao 



M Monday, May., 1992 • The UCSD Guardian SPECfACLE S5 

'WRC' Is Not a Four .. Letter Word to provide.people with an inspiring experience. In the WRC, our voices come together as we share one common idea: we want women to 
know they're not alone. The people make the 
center what it is. We love seeing them, we love 
talking to them. we love listening to them. The 
WRC is a network of caring, interactive and 
supporting people." 

, 

--------------------------------Arena 
The Women's Resource Center works to dispel misguided perceptions, 

especially the one about those 'bra-burning lesbian' fanatics 
Name a real or fictional woman and explain why she 

has been an inspiration and role model for you. 
BY MARISSA LEE , STAFF WRITER Photographer: Amy Zlot 

You ' veprobably heard it all before - the Women's 
Resource Center (WRC) tMs, the Women's Resource 
Center thot .. .. 

student organizations have, perhaps due to a lack of 
understanding of what the fuoctionsofthe center really 
are. 

society. 
ParoushaZand, anothermemberofthe WRC, 

hopes to sec a change in the campus' perception 
of the center. -----------------~--------------

The WRC has recently been the target of much 
disre peet, prejudice, controversy and mockery as it 
has been under fire for itsreccnt"TakeBack the Night" 
march, the Sigma Alpha Epsilon calendar incident, the 
"Wall of Determination" protest and pro<hoice raI-
lies. 1t continues to be regarded by some as a haven for 
men-haters and lesbian femini ts. 

The WRC has not gained the re peet that Olhcr 

Established in 1973. the WRC's ideology states 
that it is an undergraduate student organization dial 
attempts to provide the resources and services to 
women that all other UCcampuses have. Operated and 
organized 011 a completely volunteer basis. the WRC 
is a strong community of women convnilted to making 
change at UCSD and in the larger society by prov iding 
women with a supportive and interactive environment. 

"We try to break 
through the stereo-
type that we are all 
femini ts who hate 
men. Feminism is a 
way of thought, a 
way of viewing the 
world. Feminism is 
not a bad word," says 
Consuela Scott, a 
member of the 
WRC. 

PhoIos by SaA LemeI~ 
Supporters of the Women 's Resource Center, which does not receive any funding 
from the UCSD administration. set up these temporary ·offices· last month near the 
Sun God to draw attention to their cause. 

It is committed to 
accepting everyone 
and celebrating and 
discussing the issues 
that affect all 
women. Open to all 
students, both male 
and female, the 
WRC fights racism. 
sexi m. ageism and 
homophobia both by 
individuals and by 

Get the Best 
For Your 

Money's Worth 
eDrunkDrlvlng 
· Drugs/NarCOttcs 
• Shopllrtlng{Theft 
• Traffic TIckets 

Like the co-<>pS. it is a volunteer collective run by 
students for students, and like other student organiza-
tions, il is funded solely by the A.S. with a budget of 
$1.500 per year. 

In addressing women's issues, the WRC offers a 
wide variety of services to Sludents. Aside from weekJy 
meetings and educational programs. the WRC holds 
dialogue sessions and discussions on such topics as the 
images of women in religion. gender roles. sexual 
harassment, lesbianism and bisexuality. abortion and 
just about any other issue that concerns women. Coffee 
hours provide members with the opponuni ty of listen-
ing to professors, community leaders and other stu-
dents addre s the same issues. TI1ese informal ses-
sions. open to men as well as women and the whole 
UCSD community, allow the sharing of ideas on 
subjects not often addressed openly in a tudent orga-
nization. 

According to Scott. the university administration 
has failed to see the need for women and women's 
issues on the UCSD campus. vailingproblemsposedtowomenceasetoexistintheir 

Recently the WRC staged the "Wall of Determina- eyes. It is so frustrating to see the administration like 
tion" protest in which members constructed a mock this. We have always had Iimi(ed resources, funding, 
Women's Center in front of the Sun God. This plea for and support." 
student and faculty support was a reaction to the' Active membership in the WRC has reached ap-
administrations refusal to fund a university women's proximately 70 students. It has made much progress 
center at UCSD. UCSD is the only UC campus that since its founding nine years ago. although it has been 
doe not receive administrative financial support for a a hard, steady climb. 
Women's Center. "We have made a heanfeh effon to welcome and 

"'l1e attitude of the administration is not an appro- include all people who walk in (he door," Scott says. 
priate one for a university ofthis level to have," Scott "We try to be very approachable. The image of the 
says. "The administration has failed to consider WRC has generally been one of criticism. and we are 
women's issues, problems and rights. It has failed to trying to break the campus-wide stereotype. 
identify with then and address them. The many pre- "We offer a very supportive environment. We want 

at $2.37 • Parole/Ball/Probatton .. ~~ 
your choice of 

1. 1/ 2 veggie sub, Potato Salad & sm. Drink 
2. Small Salad and Small Drink 
3. Chicken Pattie. Fries & Small Drink 

Zip's Tummy Buster, UCSD Price Center e 458-0070 

• Major Felonies 

Fonner s.n Diego I'ro5ecuIOr 
l.tsA leA y BAUGHMAN 

Attorney At Law 
451-8457 

4660 La Jolla VUlage Dr .. SuIte 600 
SetvtnS s.n Dtqo ColInI)' 

UlI2A hours 

"We're noljust a bunch of bra-burning les-
~ians," she declares. Zand sees the WRC as a 
COMCCtion between women, where women unite 
as a discriminated minority group and put be-
liefs and feelings to action. 

.. AUhe WRC, everyone is involved in some 
way or another. We are proud to be women, and 
we must he strong in our fight," Zand assert . 

One of Zand's goals is to have the WRC 
evolve into a "teal" women's center, with"real" 
staff like other studem centers on campus. 

"We are outgrowing our office, and we can't 
provide people with all the services we have to 
offer. We're not just a place that exposes sexism 
on campus." she says. 

WRC member Leng Loh says that she finds 
the center welcoming and able to relate well 
with others. 

"The people there are thoughtful, warm and 
creative. I've developed many great friendships, and 
the safe, supportive atmosphere is great:' Loh ex-
plains. 

She sees the WRC as a place where women with 
common interests can come together and just talk 
about personal things that are bothering them. current 
issues in society and just about anything else. She has 
recently started an Asian-American discussion group 
which explores just about every related topic -
families, experience, culture and personal issues that 
relate to being both a female and a racial minority. 

Loh hopes to convey the conception of the WRC as 
a collective of women in general where individual 
views give shape and form to the WRC as a whole. 

Wilma 
Flint tone. 
She is a 
self-
confident 
woman 

who 
doesn't 

take shit from Fred. And she 
tends to get her way. 

Sheena Rice, Third 
Junior, CSE 

I admire 
my sister-
in-law 
Nancy 
because he 
is a devoted 
Christian, 
mother, 
wife and 
special 

education teacher. She gives all 
her love, will and might in 
everything she faces. 

Tara Nguyen, Warren 
Sophomore, Bioengineering 

FLO\VER BASKET 3 minutes from UCSD 

She's been good to 'ya, right? Show 
her how much she means to you this 

Artist tbat listen 
free COIlIUItadon 

There are hundreds of questions 
on the GMAT, GRE and LSAr. 

........... DELIVERY* 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 

Q 
Q 

Q 

What is YOllr hair d () illR 
Ih (/t ),0 11 lI 'li/lt it to 
cOllti·1I lie doi "R? 

Whal is yo II ,. b(1 i I' d() ill~ 
Ihal IV II d Oli 'I lI 'alll 
i t to "X! dOill~ ' 
W/CJl/ fd r O il fike SOli/ /!-
Ihill~ lie//' alief d !r(ere lll? 

Look your best ever. 
We have 

"Artists that listen. " 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
$4.00 OfF $5.00 OFF 

(Reg. $21.00) (Reg. $28.00) 

This checklist will help you 
answer iIll of them. 

rd IUplan makes test prep convenient 
~ With 150 centers, and thousands of class schedules, the odds are we'll be ready to teach 

when and where you need us to be there. 
rd IUplan helps you manage your time. 

~ Diagnostic tests and personalized counseling help you recognize stumbling blocks early 
on, before they hurt your performance. 

~ IUplan offen the best value. Our courses are competitively priced and offer the complete preparation that has helped more students get into the school of their choice than anyone else. 
rd IUplan i. the industry leader, 

~ 53 years of experience and 2 million graduates prove we've got the expertise and resources 
it takes to help students succeed. 

CLASSES STARTING NOWI1-800-KAP· TEST 

Kaplan Test Prep 
~ TheAnswer 

01992 StatWy H. KqIa_ Ed~ C_ Ltd. 

• ale 
-

Pteale ptace orden 24 hOUri in .dunce 
020 minimum purchue 
o within 5 mite .. diu. of campu. 

as always, 
10% OFF 
when you visit the store 
with your UCSD ID 

WORLD WIDE FLOWER 
DELIVERY 

455-9900 

FLoWER BASKET !Api ... M \JII2. Not valid willi an1 other ofT .... 

455·5545 ... VIlla La JoIIII Dr. (in the Ralph's Center) 
Prampt cIeIift\'J, 7 cia,.. week. Open claily 8 am-8 pm. 

Marge Tygett. 
She was my 
ice skating 
choreogra-
pher for 
years .... 
She ins:illed 
in me the 
importance of 

self-confidence. She succumbed to 
cancer after an unbelievably br.tve 
struggle. She was a true friend and a 
(rue inspimtion who had a tremen-
dous impact on my life. 

Darryn Berner, Muir 
Senior, Judaic Studies 

It ·s a chamc-
ter from a 
movie -
Lawanda. 
She's from 
"Fried Green 
Tomatoes." I 
like her 
because she 

set her own rules in a time when 
people told her how to live her life. 
She just didn 't take shit from 
anyone. 

Lutfia Shetula, Third 
Senior, Visual Arts 

I Race-car 
driverl 
Lynn St. 
Jame . 
She 
accom-
plished 
what she 
set out to 
do in a sport dominated by l11t:n 
without losing her femininity. 

Brandy Falconer, Fifth 
Senior, Anthropology 

Toni 
Morrison 
is a 
novelist. 
She is a 
role model 
for me 
because 
she is 
strong and 
intelligent. [ udmire her 
backbone and her ability to 
write. 

Karen Kornweibel, Muir 
Sophomore, Gen. Literature 

UCSD Transportation Alternatives 
presents 

bicyclist appreciation day 
may 8, 19929:00 - 11 :30am 

Price Center Walkway 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• I ••••••••••••••••••••••• 

schedule of events 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

FREE FOOD 
INFORMATION 

(from local bicycle organizations) 
SUGGESTIONS/QUESTIONS 

RAFFLE 

and don't mIss the opportunIty to REGISTER your BIKE 
FREE from 10 - 11 :OOam at the Police Station 

Bring yqur registered biCYCle to the Price Center Walk-
way between 9 - 11 :OOam for a free raffle ticket and a 

chance to win: 

db 
.;~!!~~. 

, 

I<AYPTONITE' 

,~ RoundTabiePizu 

DINING!-



S6 SPECf ACLE The UCSD Guardian 

Express Yourself!! 

CHANCELLOR'S 
FORUM 

Tuesday, May 5 
4:00 pm 
The Cove 

(Price Ce~ter) 
Refreshments Provided 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
SlUdent Leadership Chambers 
Price Center. Third Floor 
Come and get involved! 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL 
Will be meeting on Wednesday. May 6 at 6:30 pm 
in the Berkeley Room 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
GENERAL MEETING 
Tuesday. May 5. 7:30 pm 
Price Center. DavislRiver ide Room 
Come sign up for ASO trip in May 

EAST WEST HORIZONS 
MEETINGS 
Wednesdays at 5:00 pm 
Student Center. Room 207 
Be Famous. 

FSSI: FACULTY, STUDENT, STAFF 
INTERACTION 

Wednesday. May 6. 11 :00 - I I :45 am 
UC Riverside/Davis Room in Price Center 
FSSI welcomes Kathleen Torres, MPH (rom the 
UCLA School of Public Helath. Come find out 
more about UCLA's public health program. 

LUNCH 
Wednesday, May 6. 11:30 am - I :30 pm 
Come have lunch with fellow classmates, faculty & 
staff at the Round Table Patio this Wednesday! 
Everybody welcome. 

NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE 

500 YEARS OF CULTURAL PERSISTENCE 
Honoring our ancestors/or our SI4n,ivo/s 
"Columbus did not Discover America" 
Tuesday, May 5. 7:00 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 

FLOYD RED CROWWESTERNMAN 
Wednesday. May 6. 7:00 - 11 :00 pm 
Price Center Theatre 

UCSD SCUBA CLUB MEETING 
Tuesday, May 12. 7:00pm 
International Center 
Come join us for our In t meeting of the year and a 
potluck dinner 

MEChA PRESENTS 
CINCO DE MAYO 
Monday, May 4 
There will be a Came Asada sale in the Price 
Cenrer Plaza from I 1:00 am - 3:00 pm 
Tuesday. May 5 
• There will be performances by a Mariachi and a 
Ballet Folklorico in the Price Center Plaza starling 
at 11 :00 am - 1:00 pm also, .carne asada sale from 
11 :00 am - 3:00 pm . 
• That night at 7:30 pm there will be an Anti-
Quincentennial lide show by Daniel Azuna in 
Ballroom B. Price Center 
Everyone is welcome to these events 

UCSD INTERNATIONAL CLUB 
"WOMEN IN THE MIDDLE EAST' --

DISCUSSION PANNEL 
Monday. May 4, 6:30 pm 
~ntemational Center Lounge 

FRlDAYCAFE 
Friday. May 8, II :30 am - I :30 pm 
Burrito Bar for $2.00 
Come see African dancers, Turkish dancers, live 
singing. and more!! 
International Center 

THE NAVIGATORS CHRISTIAN 
FELLOWSHIP 

WOW - Women o( the World 
Wednesday. May 6, 7:00 pm 

PRE·MED CLUB PRESENTS MENTOR 
PROGRAM 

Get hands-on experience in the medical field, 
working one on one with doctors. 
PC DavislRiverside Room 
Wednesday. May 6, 7:00 pm 

PRO·CHOICE RALLY 
Tuesday. May 5. 12:00 - 2:00 pm 
The Hump 

SCANS PRESENTS .•. 
"A k the Cognitive Science Staff' 
Lynne Keith -- Student Services Coordinator 
Per Nielsen -- Undergraduate Program 

(Class of '91) 
How to be a cognitive science major. What to do 
with a cognitive science degree. Including getting a 
real job & graduate school. 
Thursday. May 7. 5:00 pm 
CSB 180 

Monday, May., 1992 

WARREN COLLEGE BLOCK PARTY 
Everyone is welcome to come to our annual spring 

carnival with garnes, prizes, raffles and food-dunk an RA, 
jump on the moonbounce, buy a snocone and win prizes -
- all in one afternoon! 

Friday, May 8, 4:00 - 7:00 pm 
Warren Apanments 

UCSDIDSU 
DEMONS1RA1ION FOR 
EDUCATION tHURSDAY 

IN FRONT OF TIlE STATE BUll.OING 
Help p!MIlt the downfal oK hill*' educaIiCn in CalIfornia. 

Meet 12=45 p.m.at the Hump 
or I :30 p.m. at 1350 Front St. in San D.iego. Bring 

friends and a car if possible. Rides will be provided. 
Dress nice for the press. Sponsored by A.S. External. 

VOLUNTEER FLASHES 
Join fellow UCSD students in being tour guides for 

6th-grade students of Emerson Middle School. This 
one-day project is tentatively scheduled for May 12. 

The Volunteer Connection is recruiting volunteers 
for the Great Strides 10K on May 9. J'his walk will 
benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and will begin at 
the County Administration Building and end at the 
America's Cup International Center to witness the 
beginning of America's Cup '92. 

For t1lOI'e infonnation regarding these events or 
infonnation on how to get involved in the community, 
contact the Volunteer Connection on the third floor of 
the Price Center or call 534-1414. 

Monday, May., 1992 

CUNIC practitioners, Women who are going in to have 
ContInued tom .... 52 their first pelvic exam anend one of 
Students can be fitted for cervical the clinic's two workshops, which 
caps, diaphragms and can be placed include infonnation on how the ex-
on the Pill. ams are perfonned. Patients may 

An MD. who comes in once a attend the Same Day Oinic work-
week. five nurse practitioners, three shop, which is offered Monday 
registered nurses (RN), two admin- through Friday by appoinunent only, 
istrators and two paid student wod- or they may attend one of the Well 
ers staff the clinic. Woman information sessions which 

The nurse practitioners are all are offered on Wednesdays from 
female and are RN&.who have had I ~ II a.m, and on Thursdays from 
additional education and ttaining in 1-2 p.m. loc8led il\the second Ooor 
performing health histories, physi- resource center. No appointment is 

. cal examinations and managing ilI- needed (or this workshop. 
ness. They care for patients in 001- Advantages of using the UCSO 
\aboration with physicians. Typi- Women's Clinic instead of another 
cally a patient is examined by a clinic include the convenience of 
nurse practitioner, and then rnay be location. The clinic is also much 
referred to a physician. cheaper than others. While patients 

"We do everything possible to must pay for their own medication, 
make our clients feel comfortable all examinations are free of charge. 
and relaxed during examinations," A pap smear costs $12.50 as op-
said Suzanne Ward,one of the nurse posed to about $4Oelsewhere. Birth 

1992 UCSD UNDERGRADUATE ARTS FESTIVAL AT UCSD 

STEWART PRIZES IN 
LITERATURE 

POETRY 
a FICTION 
$100.00 EACH 

II' ENTRIES SHOULD BE IN EITHER POETRY OR ACTION 
II' No MORE 1HAN 5 POEMS AAD/OR 20 PAGES Of PROSE P£R STUDENT 
II' ONE PRIZE FOR BEST POEM AAD Ot-( PRIZE FOR BEST PROSe ACTION 
II' STUDENT ID NUMBER (NO NAME. PlWE!) MUST BE PRINTED ON EACH 

PAGE WITH A 3x5 CARD ATTACHED USTING THE TITlE OF THE ENTRY. 
THE STUDENT'S NAME.ID NUMBER. ADDRESS AAD PHONE NUMBER 

II' PRIzEs WI.l BE AWt«>ED AT 1992 UOOERGRADUATE ARTS FESTIVAL 
THE DEAOUNE FOR SUBMISSIONS IS FRIDAY, MAY 20 AT 4 PM 

literature Deportment contoet: Nanc:y Hesketh/Debbie Monow. 3110 literotu.e Bldg • Wo"en COrT'j)US 

grand opening specla. 

PEAI(/N~[( 
SALON 

We have opened our location in La Jolla 
and are offering a 

300/0 OFF CUTS, 
COLOR, PERMS, 

& HIGHLIGHTING 
from classic cuts to the most current '92 
cuts . Take advantage 01 this excaptlonal 
opportunity by booking an appointment 

w i th the Dearinger creative team , 
First time clients only . please. 

Frse consultations. Offer sxplres 5/4/ 92 , 

454·1000 
6875 La Jolta Btvd . <at Naul ilus) 

Something new for, 
Mother's Day 
As if we didn't have enough in SlOre, we've just 
added another new selVice at Kinko's. Now your 
favorile place 10 get great copies is the place 10 
create that special gift for Mom. Bring your 
favorile color snapshot or photo in and see what's 
new at K.inko's. 
t Full Color Calendars 

• Bookmarks 
• PlacemalS 
• Photo Cards 
457·3775 • La Jolla 
8849 Villa La Jolla Drive 
(lnta'SIaIe S II Nobel Drive) 
483-1852 • Pacific Beacb 
1834 Gamet Avenue 
(Gnd 1I1Amml) 

~ 
ale 

'The UCSD Guardian 

control pills cost around $5 instead 
of the average $18 elsewhere. 

Average appointments last be-
tween fifteen and thirty minutes. 
1bc office staff is well aware of 
students' busy schedules and tries 
to do everything possible to meet 
their needs. Gossett suggests that 
students plan ahead and schedule 
appointments one month inadvance 
in light of how Quickly the appoint-
ments fill up. 

The clinic sees about 45 patients 
a day. In 1991, the clinic had over 
7.500 patients, 40 percent of whom 
came in for oral contraceptives. 

Appointments can be made by 
calling 534-2669,orby stopping by 
the clinic. The clinic i open Mon-
day through Friday from 8 a.m. to 
4:30p.m. 

"Appointments are confidential 
and only the patient is given the 
information, not their parents or 
anyone else," Gossett said. 

London 
Paris 
Mildrid 
Moscow 
Athens 

'1111 ,~ In each WfIo/ ~d on a 1OIIlClV1IDI 
pr.Ich8se. T-. rot inc:k.tdod Some 
lions apply. Sb.Jdert sIlIIus may be ~QJtred. 
IU'M/fMssa Issued 1M,., 

Council Travel 
UCSD PriceCmer(by the Post Office) 

451·0630 

IIGO·TOGETHER" 
Some ..... 
are 1.1Ol'e fun 

when 51.1 eel •• 
---..,.-.. ................. ,..., ...... 
............................ -..y .... .. 
,...--. ..................... r ..... .... 
.................................... 

--

(619)534-3366 

DO YOU 
HAVE ... 

• Mononucleosis? 

• Measles? 

EARN$$$ 
You may have anlibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics, plus earn up 

to $100 per week, 

Please call 
MD LUOUTOIlI. 
226-1733 

SPECTACLE S7 

SUPPORT ment skills. Group or individual rape coun-
ContInued tom .,... 53 seling is accessible through either 
two programs often cooperate to Psychological Services or the Stu-
provide safety services and educa- dent Safety Awareness Program and. 
tion programs (or students, and es- . I ike other services, cases are handled 
pecially women. with confidentiality. 

Two such efforts are the self "These are vital on-carnpus ser-
defense workshops and rape coun- vices; we need to be aware thaI 
seling programs. Self-defense work- sexual assault happens wxl that there 
shops are offered in three-hour area numberofolH:3lTlpus resources 
courses as well as quaner-Iong to combat it," Wahlig states. 
courses in conjunction with the Psychological Services wel -
Canyonview Recreation Center. In comes all students, male and fe-
addition to teaching defense tactics, male. 
some workshops target special "We are here to serve the stu-
needs. dents. They are the Ii fe of this place," 

For instance, one special self- Juarez says. 
defense class is spec ifically designed The office is open Monday 
for women who have been sexually through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 
abused or assaulted. II will be of- p.m., but emergency counseli ng can 
fered Tuesday, May 19 as a three- be accessed through the campus 
hour work shop taught by BellY police. Interested students can visit 
Brooks. Ph.D .. and will focu on the office at 1003 Galbmith Hall or 
demonstrating personal empower- call 534-3755. 

Call for 
SENSIBLE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 

OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

Most Insurance Accepted • Rtlax~d, Friendly AtmOsphere • Video/St~rtO 
Member ADA, CDA, SJI1 Diego County DcnrJl IXiclics 

LA JOLUVILUGli 558 3490 
PROFESSIONAL CENTER -
8950 VtUA LA JOLLA Dil. El'Clli"lJ1 &- Saturrin, 
SUITE 2103 Appcilll~"tI/lJ AI'flilnblr 

Top Hoor, 
iu" II/hind 

tl" Ellpllallt Har 

You will read this. So will others- many, many others. 
Advertise in The Guardian today. Call 534-3466. 

ThinkGltAs 

The principle: the ITIMC \l'a}'s rou have of iL·.1rning 
something. the bcttcr you'lI understand it. Ae.,Jcmic t)'pcs 
c ... 11 this "multi -modal Ic;,rn ing." At Kaplan '!CSt Prep. \ \ 'l ' 
call itlrn~s- training for Ihe minJ . 

• 

At Kaplan . \I'l' integratc more difkrcnt learning ap-
pm.,ch~s Ihan an>' ll lhcr progr.lm. \Vhcn >'OU "a in fM thL' 
~ICAT wilh us. yt)U'1I h,t\'c access tn li\'e c1asse:. . • 1UUIO 
reinforcemcnts, aeaJemic and slrategy dlnlcs . homc study 
notcs and mdi\'idu.r1ll1t"rrng. You·1I take pr,letlcc le~IS th.1I 
run thc gamut I rom topiC drills I" full -length released 
l'.'(.lI11S. from taped clf-tests I,' a si mulalcd il.ICAT L"'l1lplete 
with Ilckc IS. limrngand proctors. 

With Ihl:. kind of training. n,l lI'onder Kaplrrn produce:. 
mnre top MCr\T SCllrCS and prepares mMe med sctl,l(lI 
Gmdicbrcs Ihan all ,)lher courses c(lmbllll·d. 

KaplanMCATPrep 
C .• II 1·1l(I(.l IV\I'·TF.~ 1 I .. r lPur", ml .. rrn.It"'" 

.Intl thr~t..' 1I011!\ til th\: n'nh:r nl'.In.·",,' }1)U 
I J')lI~ \I,'II~ '\ H ""I"'''' I "If, ,.,,, ... ,,1 ( , 'If. t 'h' 



S8CALENDAR 

illus rations by Leigh 

ACADEIWIIICS 
MIJtIIIR.v dJroug" FrillIlY 

. 8a.m.-4:30p.m.-LetOASIS 
study_ ......... Center 
help you thiS quarter with time 
management. notetaking. midtenn 
preparatIOn. and test·taklng strat· 
egles. Stop by York Hall 4010 ()( 
call 534-7344 to set up a personal 
appotntment. Also - stay on \he 
lookout f()( those valuable OASIS 
Study SkIlls W()(ksl'cp. 
• 8a.m.-4:30 p.m.- Come to \he 
OASI. SCho ... • Writing 
WOIk ..... f()( assistance with 
yourwnting projects. We oIfer indio 
vidual and group tut()(ing. Stop by 
Y()(k Hall 4070 ()( call 534-7344 to 
set up an appointment. 
• 8a.m.-4:3Op.m.- The OASIS 
a...ngu.ge .......... provides 
assistance to students whose na· 
tive language is not English and to 
those doing work In Japanese. 
Spantsh. German. Vlelrm'leseand 
French. A diagnostic test on writ· 
ten English isavadable on request. 
Call: 534-2284 f()( more Inf()(m8-
tlon. Old Student Center. Bldg. A. 
Room #214. 
• 8a.m.-4:3Op.m.- The OASIS 
WrItIng Center is a free service 
f()( all UCSO students. We offer 
one to one writing conferences f()( 
any type of writing project - aca· 
demlc papers. personal state· 
ments. even st()(ies and poems. 
Our staff of trained undergradu· 
ates. who come from a variety of 
academic disciplines. can help 
you beccmea moreeffeetJvewrrter. 
Call 534-2284 to make an appotnt· 
ment ()( drop by our office in the 
Old Student Center. Bldg.A. Room 
11214. Evening appotntments also 
available. 
• 9 a.m.-4 p.m. - ... C0l-
lege Writing Progrem Lot· 
tery AppIIc.tlon period f()( Fall 
Quarter '92 writing classes. RII out 
and SUbmit lottery "tICket" at HSS 
2346 and get inf()(m8tion on when 
to return f()( lottery results. Through 
May 4. 

MOIllfll.V, MII.v 4 
• 9-9:50 a.m. - TIme ...... 
......-nIWot1l ...... Learn to 
manage valuable study Ome more 
efficiently. Preregistration is rec· 
ommended. oasisStucty Manage-
ment Center. Y()(k Hall 4010. Also 
Wed .. May 6 3-3.50 p.m. 

• 11 -11 :50 a.m. - l..ectwW 
NoIebIIdngWOIbhop. Leam 
the widely acclaimed Cornell 
Notetaking System. Used in gradu-
ate and profElSSlOnal schools. this 
method helps you take. edit and 
revISe your notes with greater effi· 
ciency. York Hall 401 O. AlSOThlXS .• 
May 7 2-2:50 p.m. 
• 12·12:50 p.m. - Produc .... 
Org.nlutlon: Classification 
Charts. etc. Preregistration is ree· 
cmTlended. OasisStudyManage-
mentCenter. YorkHaU 4010. Also 
Wed .. May611-11 :5Oa.m .• Th.Jrs .. 
May 7 3-3:50 p.m. 
• 3-3:50 p.m. - 1nfonnIItIon 
Proc:euIng(Te" AnIIIpIs. 
Preregistration is recommended. 
Oasis Study Management Center. 
York Hall 4010. Also Wed .• May 6 
9-9:50 a.m. 

,("estilly, Mlly 5 
. 10-10:5Oa.m.-....., ...... • 
...... tor .... Sclencee. Pre-
reg1stration is recommended. Oa· 
sis Stucty Management Center. 
York Hall 4010. Also Thurs .. May 7 
1-1:50 p.m. 
• 12-12:5Op.m. - Study Stnt· 
..... tor .... ttum.nItIes. 
Preregistration is recommended. 
Oasis Study Management Center. 
York Hall 4010. 
. 3-3:5Op.m. ........rT~ 
........ Preregistranon is recom· 
mended. Oasis Study Manage-
mentCenter. York Hall 4010. Also 
Wed .. May610-10:5Oa.m .• Thurs .• 
May 7 4-4:50 a.m. 
. 4-4:5Op.m.- Study ........ 
... tor .... SociIIIIcIencea. 
Preregistration is recommended. 
OaslsStudy Management Center. 
York Hall 4010. Also Thurs .. May 7 
12-12:50 a.m. 

W(lIIJ(:sda.~ Ma.v (\ 
• 2-2:5Op.m. - E ..... ..,..... 
rIItIon. Preregistration is recom· 
mended. Oasis Study Manage-
ment Center. Y()(k Hall 4010. 

FridIlY, MIIY 8 
. 4:3Op.m.- ·EAP·Australa.t 
New Ze.1end ......... ! Last 
callf()( an exciting year abroad! 
Programs Abroad Office. 

HEALTH 
MOlllfll.Y dJTlJI{,,,J1 FridIl,Y 

• All Day - Planning to get in 
shape? Monit()( your progress by 
starting off with a F .... FItne .. 
Assessment at Rtstop. We're 
located at Student Health. second 
Hoor. Come make an appotntment 
today. 

Mlmt/a.v. MII.Y 4 
• 2 p.m. - I love you like no 
other. but won't you please wear 
a rubber. Condoms protect 

against the transmission of dis· 
eases that you may not even know 
you have!! Come to a BIrth Con-
troIlnformIItIon ........ to 
find out about how to proteet your· 
self. Second floor. Student Heanh. 
Also Tuesday. May 5 11 a.m. and 
1 p.m .. Wednesday. May 61 p.m. 

and Thursday. May 7 10 
a.m. 

• 12-2p.m.-Wor· 
ried about your cho-

lesterol level? Come 
get your cholesterol ec~ 
.... read at the Student Health 
Service. $3 prepayment. Helpful. 
friendly SHAs make the process 
easy! Also Thursday. May 7 11 
a.m .. and Friday. May 8 10 a.m. 

'(lIe:uiJ1V, Mllv 5 
• 12 p.m. - Nutrltioti In the '90s. 
Bflng you lunch to a fun and Inf()(· 
mative discussion on nutrition. 
Topics include general nutrition 
information. meal balancing and 
meal planning. See you there! 
Berkeley Room. PriCe Center. 

Wet/IIMa.v, MII.Y II 
• 10 a.m. - What is a Pap 
smear? Why do some women get 
recwent yeast infections? HoW 
much iron and calcil.m should a 
woman make sureshe geIs?Gane 
~ to a ... __ .... lan 

The UCSD Guardian 

onnaughey 

and find out. Second floor. Student 
Health. Also Thursday. May 7 1 
p.m. 

SIIERVICES 
MllNia.v dJroIf!iJ FridIl.V 

• 8 a.m.-4 p.m. - SIQI PLUS 
(Systems d Interactive Guidance 
and Information) is a computer-
based program of career informa· 
tion designed to help you clarify 
your skills. values and occupa· 
tional interests. F()( more informa· 
tlon.cometoCareerSetvicesCen-
ter. Admission $10. 
• Mentor- Ifyou'regraduating 
this quarter and job-seeking. we'n 
match you with a professional In 
your field d interest wro wiN get 
you started networking in \he local 
jOb market. Especially helpful f()( 
liberal arts maprs as an anemative 
to on-campus interviewing. Sign 
up with the main lobby reception-
ist. Career Services Center. 
• 1:30-4 p.m. - Drap-In A6-
vt.Ing Hours - For help with 
career goals. JOb hunting. reSlJT1e 
preparation ()( exploring profes· 
sional ()( graduate school oppor. 
tunitles. No appointment neces· 
sary. just walk in. Career Services 
Center. 

MOlI/fIlY, MIIY 4 
• 11 a.m .• 12p~m. "":' L .... -. 
Gay ............. .......... 
...... COUIweIIng with Chell. 
Have a question? Want someone 
to talk to? Need a supportive envi· 
rormant? Drop by \he Women's 
Resource Center or call 534-3987 
toselupanappointmentwithCheli. 
Usa. Steve ()( David. 

Tllestillv, May 5 
. 11a.m. - li.n .......... 
...... - Learn how to make·a 
posibve first Impression with your 
resume. Career Services Center. 
• 1:30 p.m. - GenenI EAP/ 
OAP Info ....... : Rnd out 
how you can enrich your college 
education & multiply your career 
optionS through STUDY and/()( 
WORK OPPORTUNITIES 
AROUND lHE WORLD! Inl'1 Cen· 
ter Lounge. 
• 2-3 p.m. - LMIMn, Gay 
• nd BI .. xu.1 Indlvldu.1 
...... counMlng with Steve. 
Drop by room 3247 of the Warren 
Uterature Bldg. or call 534-3987 to 
set up an appointment with Chell. 
Usa. Steve or David. 
• 3 p.m. - LAW SCHOOL: 
How to prepare- A discussion on 
admission procedures. applica· 
tion strategies and the selection d 
schools. Career Services Center. 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - LMbI8n ..... 
.... xlllll Women',luppDrl 
Group. Led by Cheli and Usa. A 
weekly. confidential group for 
women wro want to discuss is· 
sues and share concerns in a 
connfortable. supportive environ· 
ment. Drop-ins welcome. or call 
5J4.3987 for more information. 
Open to UCSD students only. 
Women's Resource Center. 

Wet/nat/lI.v, MII.v (\ 
.11 a.m. - .............. 
QrecIute School 0pIIui.: 
Counseling. Psychology and S0-
cial Work - There are many edu-
cational paths to a professional 
career in counseling and mental 
health. Get information about your 
options. preparation f()( and ad-
missions to these programs. Ca· 
reer Services Center. 
• 1-2 p.m. - u.IMn, Gar 
.nd BI ... u.1 Indlvldu.1 
...... counMI .... With David. 
Drop by room 3250 of the Warren 
Uterature Bldg. or call 534-3987 to 
set up an appointment with Cheli. 
Usa. Steve or David. 
• 1:30 p.m. - On c.m.r.: 
In ............. tor ..... 
pIorm-t - Using video. in-
prOlleyaxtechnique through prac· 
tice and valuable feedback. Pre-
requisite: Attend an interviewing 
skils 'Mlrkshop. Sign l4> lor this 2-

hcu 'N()(\(shop at the Career Ser· 
vice Center Reference Room. 
• 2 p.m.- How to ..... .... 
.. •••• 0 ............ ........ 
PIGf I •• Ih'" SchooI- What 
to expect in an InleMew and how 
to prepare f()( it. Career Services 
Center. 

71nmliJl.Y, Mlly 7 
• 11 a.m. - ......,... .... 
... W ........ -Leamtech-
niques required to be successful 
in the interview process. Career 
Services Center. 
• 12-1 p.m. - LIIIII.n. .., 
.nd .1 ...... 1 IndIv .... 1 
...... COUI'lI ... wi1hUsa. [)'C4> 
by the Women's Resource Center 
or call 534-3987 to seI up an ap-
pointment with Chell. Usa. Steve 
()(Davicl. Women's ResourceCen· 
ter. 
• 3 p.m.-~ Infann8tIon 
....... - Business school 
preparation. admission proce· 
dures. application strategy and 
process d selecting schools. Ca· 
reer Services Center. 
• 5 p.m. - SCANS Presents 
.A* .... CognItIve ScIence 
SUft: Lynne Keith - Student 
Services Coordinator. Per Nielsen 
-Undergraduate Program (Cfass 
of '91 ). How to be & Whattodowith 
a cog. sci. degree. Including get-
ting a job and graduate school . 
CS8180. 

FriIIIIy, Mil] 8 
. 10:30a.m.-Etr.ctlve.lob 
SIt ...... - 80% of all job va· 
candes are unadvertised. This 
workshop will tealCh you the most 
effective way to find them. Career 
Services Center. 
• 2-4 p.m. .,.. ........ y ... 
........ c...c...(a 2-hour 
workshop )-Rnd out how various 
health careers. including medicine . 
math with your interests and skills. 
Job outlooks. salaries and more 
information will be presented. Ca-
reer Services Center. 

• jM; 

p.m. - CALRIIQ (California 
Public IrWest Research Group) 
meeting. Student enIIirormental 
group. Come get involved . 
Peterson 103. 
6 p.m. - 'MIdemess CItb Meet-
ing. BacI<packflg. rTl(X.nIain bik-
ing & various recreational actM-
ties. Come join the fun. GaIery A. 
Price Center (~ floor aboYe the 
theater). 

W~M.y6 
• 12-1:30 p.m. - ..... Come 
j<jn us for lunch at the patio behind 
Round Table Azza. Meet faculty 
and staff in a relaxed atmosphere. 
Everybody Welcome! 
• 5 p.m. - Flex you' creative 
muscle. Join .... w..t ~ 
.... UCSO's journal d Asian-
AmericM experiences. Meetings 
Wednesdays at 5 p .m. in the Stu-
dent Center. Conference Room 
(across from Soft Resetves). 
• 7 p.m. - Are you interested in 
getting some "hands on· experi-
ence in the medical profession. or 
working closely with a doctor?WeJ 
come learn more about the ~ 
tor ProgNlll at the Pre-Med 
Club Meetlng. Price Center. Davis! 
Riverside Room. 

71m""y, Ma.v 7 
• 7 p.m. - Surf a. meeting 
every Thursday at 7 p.m. in APM 
2113. Beer and videos. 

BY ....... 
TWSlhy thrrn(gh S.mlill] 

• 12-5 p.m. - SouIpb.nI .. 
.... Il0l. and other works by 
Manfred MJlerand JuIiaLotmann 
in the MandeviUe Gallery. Through 
May 17. • 

T lKSIIa.y tlmJNgIJ SlJtunIRy 
.10a.m.-5p.m.-GroveGaiIefy. 
"II8ppy IIIrthcI8r- A T ..... 
Annlv ..... ry Retrospec-
tIve.· 11 ceramicists who have 
exhibited their works wiN return. 
Sanxday holXs: 10 a.m.-2 p.m . 
Through JlX1614. 

WelinaU] tbrougIJ Satunlay 
• 8 p .m. - UCSO Theater pre-
sents THE RAT. OF 
WHIFFlUURG. a new play 
by Pabicia Green as part of the 
Graduate Plays in Progress. The 

Monday, May., 1992 

story takes pface In a small medi· 
evaI German town affected by the 
plague. 409 Studio Theater. $5 at 
the door. AdOtional show Friday at 
11 p.m. 

Mllllday, Mav4 
• 7 p .m . ...:.. Free Movie: 
............. AMeriDII.· At the 
Germinal. next to the Che Cafe. 

We./ll!IIia.v, MII.Y (\ 
• 8 a.m .-3 p.m. - Alpha Kappa 
Psi Professional Business frater-
nity presents The FowtII a. 
..... CoIMAcroeaCet ••. 
Proceeds wiI benefit the Corrvnu-
nity Aesou'ce Center , Tape will be 
placed fronn Revelle Plaza to the 
I-Unp. and from Central Ubrary to 
the PriceCerter. AJlyou have to do 
is put some chMge down on the 
tape! Revelle and Price Center 
area 
• 8:3()..10:30 a.m. - W ........ 
Col ............. Ideet Good 
food. good CXlfTl)8flY. good times 
and rtCNI Oisneytand. Sign-up dur-
ing breakfast (~IIoor. UtBldg). 
• 7p.m.-........ Anwtc8n 
............. N ...... Aoyd 
Red Crow Westerman, from 
Dances with Wt::hes. and Char1ie 
I-tII.JohmyQnoncanedian.and 
oIherNativeAmerican singers and 
actors. PrIce Center theater. 

17JUr'1Iiav, Mav 7 
• 6:30 p.m . ...:.. RirO: "Ruth: 
Price Center theater. $1 . Show re-
peats at 9 and 11 :30 p.m . 

Fridav, Mav II 
• 9-11 :30 a.m. ~ ~ 
a,praclMtlon ~ Price Cen· 
ter Walkway. Free food! Informa· 
tion. suggestionsIquestions. raffle. 
• 6:30 p.m. - Free concert! 
Experience the "UIIIm8t8" TO 
at the Main Gymnasium. 

LBc-ruHES 
Wetlnl!lliay, MIIY 6 

• L .... lnhIp·~ Ca· 
reers in Student Affairs. Harriet 
Marsh. Dean of Student Affairs. 
Rfth College. How does a gradu-
ate break into the chalenging pro-
fession 01 student affairs? How 
competitive is the field? How can I 
prepare myself to enter the conn-
petitive field. All students are wei· 
come! Ree! Price Center Gallery 
B. Call534-Q5()lf()( more informa-
tion and time. 
• 11-11 :45 a.m. - FSSI Wei-
comea K8thleen T ...... 
M.P.H. of UCLA School of Public 
Health. As their Career Services 
Director. she'l talk about UCLA's 
program. Lecture held at Price 
Center Riverside,Oavis room. 
• 8p.m. - TheAnnu81 Robert 
c.DIott .................. 
presented by Alexander 
Cockburn. journalist and social 
theorist: "W()(kers and Nations in 
CapitaI's Wood," To be held in 
Peterson Hall 1 08. 

SatllrdllV. Mav 9 
• 12 p.m. - ti.rrY ConnIck 
.lr. Lecture/demonstration on 
music. Mandeville Aud. Other stu· 
dents. senior citizens. faculty/staff. 
general $10. Students $8. 

H.LlG.ON 
T IIt'Stiav, May 5 

• 12-1 p.m. _ ...... ......, in 
the book d Ac1s. Price Center. 
Santa Barbara room. 

Wet/llnda.v, Ma.y II 
.6p.m. - ....... .."... 
to UCSD ............ staff and 
otherY'Ol.'lQ adIAts. L.utheranCam-
pus Ministry is the host. Wetcane. 
University Lutheran Church 
(across from Revelle). 
• 7 p.m. - .... .tudr sp0n-
sored by the lutheran Canpus 
Ministry. Everyone is welcome. 
University Lutheran Olurch. 
• 8 p.m. - "How DId We Get 
..... ? ..... ReIIec ........ 
CrNtIon." presented by Cam-
pus Pastor;John Huber. Open to 
all. University Lutheran ChlXch. 

Fridll~ MIlT If 
• 6:30 p.m.-ityou·Uked Opera· 
tionlnterpraiselC.youwilnotwant 
to miss 0, ........ 0uINech. 
MJsicaf guests will be Roby Dune 
and the Maranatha Chapel Praise 
Band. Guest speaker will be Ray 
Bently of Maranatha Calvary 
Chapel. Bmg a friend. 

SwuIJI." MIlT J 0 
.10:15a.m . . L.uIit..wn ... 
................. 
... , . Bring mom. University 
Wheran Ouch. 


