
Elsewhere 
Two_CIIo.en 
For 10th UC Campus 
OAKI.AND - A University of 
California Board of Regents task 
force will choose a ite for a I ()h 
UC Campus, despite the fact that 
UC ~ to downsize unneces-
sary expansion to relieve financial 
diftkulties. The two proposed ites 
are Academy in Fresno County 
and Lake Yosemite in Merced 
County. UC President Jack 
Peltason win not make hi fonnal 
recommendation until the Nov. 
19-20 regents meeting in San 
Francisco. Should the recommen-
dations be approved, woo. should 
begin in early 1993 to fmalize a 
ite. 

Law School Hate 
Crime investigated 
DAVIS - Four dead fish and a 
defaced sculpture of Manin Luther 
King, Jr. were the objects used in a 
vindictive, anonymous message to 
several members of the UCD Law 
School faculty and taft Tuesday 
morning. Police are investigating 
the incident a! a hate crime. 

Vacancies Puzzle 
Local Landlords 
SANTA BARBARA - LocaJ 
landlords are puzzled by vacancies 
in apartments in the campus town 
of I la Vista, despite recently 
slashed rental rates. Sal Ornelas, 
property upervisor. blamed part 
of the downturn on rising tudent 
fees at UCSB. 

UCI to Host African-
American Symposium 
IRVINE - A forum focusing on 
emerging research in African-
American arts, education, law, 
medicine. public health, science 
and other areas will be held 
Sunday through Wednesday, Oct. 
25-28, in the Student Center on the 
UCI campus. CaUecl "Sympo ium 
on Critical Issues in African-
American Life and Thought: 
Historical and Contemporary 
Persepectives," the forum is 
sponsored by UCl's African-
American Studies Program and 
UCI Extension. The symposium is 
open to the public. 

Inside 

SPlAT! 
SPECTACLE: Shooting at 
people develops teamwork. 
Paint gun folks think o. 51 

SPORTS: The UCSD 
women's soccer team beats 
We tmont College, 7-0. 18 

Index 
U D BRIEFS ......................... 2 
OPll'410N ............................... 4 
PECTACLE ......................... I 

CALENDAR .......................... 10 
CIA IFIEDS ........................ 12 

PORTS ............................... 16 

, H E u c 5 D 

UC ANDIEGO MONDAY, ocroOER 19, 1992 VOLUME 77, I ~ E 8 

Peltason Inaugurated Amid Student Protest 
PRESIDENT: Angry tudent are met by police cation and enhance economic develop-

ment in the state." in riot gear as they surround entrance to the ceremony The proceedings were held in Royce 
Hall on the UCLA campus and anen-
dance was by invitation only. 

By francisco DeVries 
News Editor 

Jack W. Peltason was inaugurated 
as the 16chpresidentofthe University of 
California last Friday at UCLA amid a 
sea of student protesters. 

As the University of California cel-
ebrates its 125th anniversary, Peltason 
said that while the UC ystem i the 
trongest it' been in its hi tory. "never 

has it been in greater peril:' 
Budgetary cutbacks and a growing 

student base have put the university in a 
tenuous position, he explained 

Shakedown 

In hi inauguration speech. Pelu n 
t u hed frequently on the reciprocal 
rur.mgement thm the university ~hares 
with the state. "There is hardly a prob-
lem we face in which the university i 
not a part of the solution ... whether it be 
how to protect our environment. im-
prove ourhealth,oradvance our wealth. 
the university will playa central role." 
he said 

Peltason also pelled out a new plan 
to bring the university together with 
business and industry to "e plore ways 
to encourage excellence in higher edu-

Students outside the hall protested 
fee increases. budget cuts and the la k of 
. tudent participati n in univer..ity deci-
sion-making. 

The protests began ~l" several hun-
dred students, mo 'tly dressed in black, 
planted crosses in the lawn in front of the 
hall and then lay down in front of them 
to ymbolize the death of the univer..ity. 

"We want the media to see that we 
are being murdered." said UCLA Mu- GuardIan Ale Photo 

See PELTASON, Page 8 UC President Jack Peltason 

Cutaway view of Charles Lee Powell Structural Systems Laboratory: UCSeeks 
Funding 
Boost 

Reaction st rong wall: 
provides a stable base for 
the actuators to push and 
pull on the structure 

Hydraulic Actuators: 
ten 100 ton actuators 
apply the earthquake 
forces to the structure 

Test building: 
size: 5 stories 

height: 44 ft. 
length: 24 ft. 
width: 21 ft_ 

Rere Bruckner/ GltJrdlan 

SHAI{ING 
THINGS UP 

EARTHQUAKES: UCSD researchers stood on top of a masonry 
building during California's worst temblor and lived to tell about it 

By ErIc Schmidt 
Senior Staff Writer 

A five-story masonry structure sur-
vived forces equal to those expected in 
California's strongest earthquakes in 
UCSD'sCharles Lee Powell Structural 
Systems Laboralory this summer. 

Researchers involved in the project, 
the first full-scale building test in the 
United States, hailed the survival as a 
validation of their structural theories. 

Following the project's success, the 
researchers will "get thi design meth-
odology out so it applies to building 
codes," ~ Gilbert Hegemier, director 
of the Powell Lab and one of three 
principal investigators. 

"[n] was 
equivalent 
to taking a 

bulking, hoking 
It sideway. and 
then expecting 

It to stay 
tccether·" 

Other principal investigators were 
Project Manager Frieder Seible and 
Associate Director of the Powell labo-
ratory Nigel Priestly. 

The reinforced masonry design is 
not a novel idea, but the researchers 
have improved on the old de 'ign in 
subtle way , Priestly said 

The reinforcements cross horizon-
taUyand vertically inside the brickstruc-
ture similar to that used in the Revelle 
dormitories. In addition, gap were 
carved in the lintel ,heavy blocks above 
the doors where major damage usually 
occurs. 

The earthquake was imulated 
See LAB, Page 2 

BUDGET: Regents to request 
increase in state funding 
to maintain current operations 
By Melissa Jacobs 
Guardian Reporter 

The university is planning to requeM an 
increase in state funding for the 1993-94 aca-
demic year. The 5.5 percent propo~ increase 
was made Thursday during the Oct. IS Board of 
Regents meeting at UCLA. 

Ifgranted, the $I04.5 million increase would 
be the first increase in state funding in three years. 

'1'he 1993-94 budget reque1>t only seeks the 
bare minimum the University needs to maintain 
its current ba<;e budget." said UC Vice President 
for Budget and University Relations William 
Baker. 

Information supplied by ll-te UC Office of the 
President states that "the added funds would be 
used to help offset an estimated four percent rise 
in non-salary costs. allow for mode:.t increa'iCS in 
enrollment. .. and to provide the fi("!,t cost-of-
living increa.<;e for faculty and staff in three 
years." 

UC Spoke person Mike Las iter said. "We 
can't continue to layoff faculty or offer early 

retiremenL~. We have to draw the line some-
where and we're at that point." 

Acting Director of the UC Student ASl>OCia-
tion (UCSA) Andy Shaw said that only a small 
portion of the proposed budget increa<;e would 
be used to support students and their needs. 

'The majority of the proposal reflects pay 
increases for faculty. Not fees. not financial aid. 
not tudent enrollment. Students are essentially 
getting hit with everything," he said. 

Shaw said that the UCSA advocated pay cuts 
to high-level administrative positions. but "our 
pleas were ignored. and on top of that. fees for 
next year will increase." 

Lassiter said he remain~ hopeful that the 
proposal will be granted. but the final decision 
will not be made until the governor . ubmiL~ the 
state budget to the legi lature next ye.1J'. 

"Given the state budget and finances. it will 
be difficult [to get the proposal). but we need to 
present them with what we need to remain 

See FUNDS, Page 8 



2 NEW 

EnCIneerinc ProfeMOf N,," PrI_tIy .x.,.. .... wily the new reinforced 
masoN)' bulkIInc survived a masslv. earthquake over the summer. 

LAB: New building survives worst temblor 
Continued from page 1 
within the Powell Lab UJ.ing 10 hydrau lic 
actuators, two for each floor of lhe true-
ture. The actuators are progmmmed to 
npply force 10 the back of the structure in 
ways that replicate the forces of an eanh-
quake. 

The quake. designed 10 mimic a 25-
second -haker, OCtU.111y took place be-
twecnJuly and September. Each of the 25 
seconds I~ed l .roJ seconds in the lab 
~imul:uion . 

The effeclS of the quake were clearly 
vbible on the SUUCture. Crack.~ lined the 
building wall~. marked by red and black 
pen. The bottonl of the structure W:b 
crocked, and large chlmks of the linlels 
had fallen. Red lines fanned out along the 
floor.; where they buckled. 

King~ley watched during the experi-
ment :b cracks formed and the building 
Wa.'> di placed. He said most crJcks form 
\\ ith qUiet crunching, but \ hen a crack 
opens along a whole wall . "the wall goes 
• boom. '" 

But Priestly ~ the danlage was re-
markably minimal. 

Expecting a building to remain com-
pletely intact in a large earthquake i 
"equivalent to takiJlg n building. holding 
it sideways and then expecting it to • tay 
l completely J together:' Priestly said 

The force of the quake did not reflect 
a Richter value, since the Ricluer Scale 
provIdes a value for energy. not accelera-
tion. However. the resemt:hers said the 
force of the simulation was as great [J$any 
fore:,ecable quake force in California. 

MIlJ1Y of the cracks could noc be seen 
except by pen outlines drawn by the 
researchers. The cra ks were marked 
when they appeared. but they later folded 
under gravity. 

The pem1anent damage will be the 
subject of the repair phase of the experi-
ment, which i already underway. 

" We expect there to be danlage. but 
we expect the danlage 10 be repairable:' 

Priestly said. 
The structure showed a resiliency 

much greater than that expected, but it 
was 1101 quite as strong as anticipated, 
Priestly said "The structure is capable of 
surviving mu h more intense earth-
quakes." he said. 

Seible noted that danlage at the lin-
tels. while worse than damage in ocher 
areas of the struCture. was actually less 
danlaged than in imilar structures. 

''The lintel is where danlage occurs 
- it is 1101 generally recOl1m1ended to 
smnd in a doorway [during n quake]," 
Seible said. 

GregOl)' Kingsley, a graduale sru-
dent involved in the project. said that 
while areas around the door could be 
repaired. the overall danl.age was much 
less than in structures which are not 
reinf arced. 

For example, he said floors in ma-
sonry building have been k.nown to 
~hake I se from the wall and collapse. 
Buildingswhi hcollapsecompletelygo 
through what is known as udden struc-
tural failure - they bend slighdy too far 
and fall apart. 

Graduate student Alben Kilrk.-
chillxische designed the computer pro-
granl to simulate the quake and retrieve 
data The program was written in three 
dimensions. he said. 

"What we do i take any structure 
and break it into linle elements" which 
have spring-like damping and vibrating 
qualities. Kilrkchillxische said. 

The progmm also involves solving a 
large 4.000 by 4,roJ mmhematical ma-
trix. "Mast people can solve a 4 by 4 
matrix, but a4.roJby4.roJ isdifficull." 
Kilrkchiibasche said. 

During the experiment. Kingsley and 
other researchers stood atop the struc-
ture as it was displaced about half a foot 
from the walJ by the actuators. "That 
shows how much trust we have in Ni£C1 
[Priestly]'s design." said Hegemier. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Cktobt-r 19, 1992 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN & HOBBES by Wattefion 

~-'--. , ' . ' .I;t.. n · -, . • 
'--

BRIEFLY ••• 

><- . . ~ 

Researcher Wins Sverdrup Medal 
Research marine geophysicist Tim Bamett of 

UCSD's Scripps Institution of Oceanography has been 
selected for the distinguished Sverdrup Gold Medal 
given by the American Meteorology Society. 

According to society officials, the award recognizes 
Bamett for ·outstanding research contributions to 
understanding the role of the ocean in global climate 
variations, the study of global sea level and its relation 
to dimate change, and the prediction of wind waves.· 

Named in honor of the Norwegian Attic explorer, 
oceanographer and former Scripps Director Harald U. 
SVerdrup, the Sverdrup Gold Medal is given to re-
searchers who make outstanding contributions in the 
area of interactions between the oceans and the 
atmosphere. Winners are chosen by an international 
committee. 

Barnett has been associated with Scripps 
Institution's Climate Research Division since 1975 
and participates in investigations to understand global 
atmospheric and oceanic conditions. His current stud-
ies focus on understanding global dimate fluctuations 
through the use of computer models. These include 
climate prediction, the effect of land processes on 
climate change, and the recognition of greenhouse 
gas signals. 

A member of the American Geophysical Union and 
a counselor and fellow of the American Meteorolog; 
Society, Barnett has served as an advisor to Congress 
and other governmental agencies on U.S. ocean and 
climate actMties. 

Physicist CIIo •• n for NSF 
VIIItI", ProfeI ........ ,... ... 

Lucy-Ann McFadden, an associate research physi-
cist with the California Space Institute at UCSO's 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography, was selected for 
a position in the National Science Foundation's Visiting 

Professorships for Women program. 
As part of the National Science Foundation's com-

mitment to the advancement of women in science and 
engineering, the program provides grants for 22 women 
researchers from the public and private sectors. In 
addition to lecture responsibilities, the visiting profes-
sors will act as counselors and mentors for female 
students interested in research careers. 

McFadden will spend 18 months at the University of 
Maryland, College Pari<, where she will study volatile 
activity on inner solar system bodies, as well as 
conduct undergraduate lectures in astronomy and 

. geology. 
Associated with Scripps since 1987, McFadden's 

research centers on co~ng the mineral content of 
metorite samples to objects in near space using 
remote sensing techniques. 

Her flndirgs are used to Identify the source of 
meteorites, and the composition and age of objects. 
She has studied the optical properties and detectablity 
of certain meteorites on the surface of Mars and has 
investigated the origins of asteroids. 

Quast Intemalloillll To Conduct 
Study-Walk-Tt-v:aI AIIroed F .... 

Quest International will hold a Stl.ldyWorl<-Travel 
Abroad Information Fair at the UCSD International 
Center on Friday, Oct. 23 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 
Representatives will be present from 40 to 50 Study, 
Work and Travel Abroad programs. 

There will also be an International Cafe lunch 
sponsored by Council Travel from 11:30 a,m. to 1:30 
p.m. The cost is $2 per person and includes a free 
raffle. 

The event is being sponsored by the UCSD Pro-
grams Abroad Office, Revelle College, and Rfth Co~ 
lege. 

FRANCISCO DeVRES, News Editor - ST""WMTDtS: Jenny Galan,. Dan Krauss. Matthew Robinson 
.,"" WIIITIIIS: Elaine camuso. Kirsten Halverson. Gaye Johnson. RooerIck 
Lee. ,"",,"a MooIe. Murall MOOrt/ly. EI)I Rabanl . Kata saUl. Julie Shennan 
DIII8N CIIMUL'AIfn: M/Cuel Buckenmeyer. James Coiller 
II.WITRATOIII: NMII8n E~ln. Speed Farris . jennifer Hart. 41an LUndifen . 
ACI~ano M~. Malle Roe. AI SPOO' 1lIt UCSD ~~ ~ MondIys'" lMdoys CU\1!he _yell "'.., I:r 1re!Men!s 
al UCSD.~allI>$~"81J'1am. whtlhor ln llhcleOl inPllt -penTlssbl~sr'<t!I 
PI\1I'M!O. e l992. aI ~ -. TIlt UCSD _ ..... ~ I:r!he rttun oIl1l5Oid1od 

_OIir\.n._f_ il ~"'~ieOftsOl~dol'Ol""""" 
_!he _ oI1l1t UCSD c.-.. !he lW><rsity rI c.Iitltr>a. II !he AssodaIed~. 1lIt 
UCSD ~ Is k.ndeG SaIfI/ IJy acMf1I,... f.tctIL )011 ........ wIIIIlhe lUI SliI 011. 

BEN BOYCHUK, Editor in Chief 
ERIC SCHMIDT, Man~ing Editor 

SttAM«)N • fDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENE BRUCKNER, Associate Graphics Editor 

KAREN CHENG, Associate News Editor 

BEN FREUND, Features Editor 
GORDON HURD, Associate Hiatus Editor 

ROGER KUO, Graphics Editor 
DAN McDOWEU, Photo Editor 

PHIJP MICHAELS, Opinion Editor 
JEfFNIESB.,HiatusEditor 

JASON RlTCHE, Associate Photo EditDr 
ART ROOT, Associate Sports Editor 

DAMEN SCRANTON, Associate 0pini0Il Editor 
LAMNE SECKA, Associate News Editor 
DAVID SNOW, Asscx:iate Features Editor 

QAEQQ WRENN. Sports Editor 

au.I ..... · Wlilon CIleunc. Theresa M)'rtlt . Kille Roe 
PIIOT~_: Slclalt OeD. Sidney Lynch. Paul Mackey. Jennifer Matthews . 
Lori MJtcneI1, Chuck NIUYen. JeI1nlfer Vann 
~ MAIIIIIS: MlCIIeIIe Clllan" Aron Miller. David Radwln. jessie SpO"" 
ADWInIIINI ~NfT: Tn Eoll 

.,. DMI'IIMA, au:u.u ManI/fer 
..:tIo\a.FaWIS, ~~ 
L:'~~ 

Editorial: 534-e580. ~ 0fIIce: 534-~, Fax: 534-7691 
UCSD Q~ 9&00 Gilman Drtve 0316, 

La' Jolla, CA 92093-031.6 
ACtuIl _ : s.cand Floor. UCSO SIudont CenIef au-. .• ' 

M~Dday, Oc:tober 19, 1992 The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Golding, Navarro Debate the Environment LIGHTS & SIRENS 
DfRA1E: The San Diego mayoral candidates 
speak at Environmental Forums '92 
By ChrIs ..... 
Guardian Reporter 

San DiegomaycnlcaOOidatesPacr Navarro and SusanGolding 
brought their campaigns to the Price Center on Thwmay for 
Environmental Founns '92. 

The event.. crganizrd by San Diego businessman Richard Allen, 
mixed the candidaIIcs' discussion of the environmental issues with 
live enIa13im1Int. children's activities and infonnabmal booths. 

The fourm was an effM to ]X'OI1lOIe a wide variety of political 
and crological organi.lJIIiom, ranging timt the radical envir0nmen-
tal organization, Earth rU'Sl, to the newly formed NaauraI Law Party. 

Thedebalealthe~ Cenla'is thefntinascriesofthmeevents 
sponsored by Envu"'lnental Forums '92 this month. Navarro is 
scheduled to appear althe Better World GaIeria on October 21. and 
the Boord of Supervisors candidales wiU hold a similar forum at San 
Diego Stale on October 26. 

The volunteer effort has targeted children in an attempt to reach 
their parents " through the back door," said Mitch Lizar, who helped 
to organized Thursday's debate. 

"You educaJe the kids to get to the parents," he added. 
Local ecological designer Jim BeU moderated the mayoral 

debate. Candidates responded to questions on the environment 
gathered from voters throughout the city. 

Fttdar, Oct. I: 
9:30 •• m.: Officers reported a battetY on campus . 
......"Oct.1O: 
5:00 p.m.: Ajwenile non-affiliate was issued an order to stay 
off campus for seven days for possesion of drug paraphenalia 
near Student Health. 
8:00 p.m.: An offICer reported the impounding of a weapon 
confiscated at the Price Center. {f 
....."Oct.11: 
10:11. a.m.: A stolen 1989 Volkswagen in Lot 701 was 

reco~ered . 
2:10 p.m.: A student reported annoying phone calls at Fifth 
donns. 
......"Oct. 12: 
8:30 a.m.: A student reported the theft of tennis shoes from 
the Main Gym men's locker room. Loss: $80. 
4:20 p.m.: A contractor reported burglary of the Triton Pub 
between Oct. 5 and Oct. 6. Loss: $6,200. 
,......" Oct. 13: 
1:00 p.m.: A 1980 GMC van was impounded from Campus 
Point and Old Miramar for lack of a licensed driver. 
1:30 p.m.: A student reported the theft of a 1991 Honda 
Prelude from Lot 356. Loss: $10,000. 
W ..... Ny, Oct. 14: 
12:40 p.m.: A 32-year-old staff member was arrested for 
burglary at the Bookstore. He was taken to County Jail. 

Both candidalles stressed their concern for the enviroment and 
emphasised that economica1 and ecological concerns do 1101 neces-
sarily conflict 

s.n DIeCo mayoral candidate Peter Navarro spoke 
about environmental ...... at Thursday', forum. 

'I1IIndIIy, Oct. 11: 
1:25 p.m.: A 19-year-old male was arrested for misuse of a 
disabled person placard in Lot 207. He was cited and 
released. The otherwise civil debate lOOk on a rrae argwnentarive tone, 

however, when Navarro questioned Golding's record on the Board 
of SupelVisors and criticized her failure to restrict the development 

cry in state and national campaigns this year by painting himself as 
an agent of change against an established political figure. 3:30 p,m.: A staff member reported the theft of a wallet from 

Shiley Eye Center. Loss; $47. 
adjacent to Cleveland National Focest. 

''It's so easy IOcriticize when you've never had responsibility for 
anything," said Golding in response to Navarro's interpretation of 
her record. 

"[Golding] has been in office 10 years. During that time, the 
environment has been deslrOyed. crime has increased at an expo-
nential rate and we have a city and county government on the verge 
of tiscal coUapse .. . [ represent change," said Navarro shonIy after 
the debate. 

-By Julie Pak, Guardian Reponer 

throughout the ciry, but she did not mention any specific solutions 
that would help operations such as newspaper recycling at UCSD 
meet their cost or return to profitability. 

Golding, a Republican. stressed repeatedly her achievements as 
amemberoftheSan Diego County Board of Supervisors and stated 
that she has lead the board in its support of environmental concerns 
such as wetlands preservation, warer cOIlSCIVation, emissions con-

NavWTO claimed that Golding received almost 60percenl ofher 
campaign ftmdsfromdevelopers,anallegariondisputed by Golding. 

trol and public access to the downtown waterfronL 

He also pointed to the fact !hat he is the candidare endorsed by 
the Sieml Oub, calling himself "Sierrn Oub candidate, Peter 
Navarro." 

Both the UCSD administration and the Recycle Co-op were 
forced to cancel almost all of their paper recycling prngrnms on 
canlpuS because of the poor market. 

Navarro, ruming as an independent candidate on an anti-
development platform. echoed a theme that has become a ralJying 

On the issue of recycling, Golding discussed the fact that soft 
rnarlrets for recycled goods have created problems for recyclers 

Navarro conceded that such an issue is a federal dilemma and 
that a city like San Diego ha~ little control over it. 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargain. 

NO INITIATION FEE* 
• with this ad. Offer expi'" 1 112192. 

• AEROIIICS • LFECYClES 
• AlEE WEIGHTS • REEIIOI( SlE'S 
• STAIAIIASlBIS • CUAH AND SPACIOUS 
• NAU11.US • PERSOHAI. INSTRUCTION 

·4 -.uRlOll ~ 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clelremont Square Shopping Center 
(Near lee Wards, behind Famous Footwear) 

483-9294 
also located near SOSU (698-1702) 

F'1ISt >1111_' 

STRATFORD 
COFFEE HOUSE 

• Homemade Soups 
• Garden Salads 
• Chicken Curry 
• Seafood Salads 
• Quiche 

• Gounnet Coffee 
• Fresh Breads 

• Cappuccino 
• Danishes 

• Scones 

Uncle Nick says, 'Caffelne IS brain food. so get those 
sy napses a-blastin' over at our house. 

Open 7am - 5pm * 7 Days a Week * 481-8590 
1307 Stratford Court * Del Mar (comer of 13th & Stratford Court) 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO 'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

lY[llioo ~©ffiTI [2rn\!l~rnW ©®OOIT~® 
6y Co{um6ia ~view 

I Serving the UCSD pre-medical community since 1988 I 
* PHYSICIANS TRAINING PHYSICIANS-OF-THE-FUTURE * 

• INTENSIVE MeAT prep and med school application assistance is our specialty 
and all we do! 

• An independent program run and taught by dedicated M.D.'s, UCSD M.D.-Ph.D. 
candidates and faculty members who are MeAT EXPERTS 

• Reading and writing workshops taught by a top UCSD ENGLISH PROFESSOR 
• 12 WEEKS ( 150+ hours) of detailed in-class instruction and testing, problem 

solving, reading/writing workshops. revie'o'( groups. med school application and 
admis ions strategies. and tutoring 

·1600 PAGES of original take-home review notes and formula sheets, reading and 
writing tudy guides, MCAT and admissions st rategy handouts, problem set and 
timed exam wrillen by MCATexperts 

• DIRECT CONTACT with physicians and current medical students 
• TUTORING and MCAT LIBRARY privileges for enrolled students 
• The MOST POPULAR MCAT course with the BEST DOCUMENTED 

RESULTS in San Diego 
• LOWER TUITION than other courses 

~ ~ 
NOW _IUlNa FOR OUR 

.IA1UAI' '13 COURSE 

456-4848 



" OPINION TIW' UCSD Guardian 

c o M M E N T A R y 

Vested political interest and a lack of accountability underscore the need 
to reform the University of California's governing lxxly 

BLAME IT ALL ON 
THE REGENTS 

By Philip MIchaels 
Opinion Editor 

TIley are a powerful. faceless ent iry whose presence 
can be felt everyday. Indeed. they are in control of 
every a~pect of your life - what you learn. how much 
money you pay. even where you park your Honda 
Civic. Secluded from the common man. protected 
from any accountabili ty. they sit in Iheir shadowy 
offices plolt ing your destiny. And as C<lch minute 
pa%es. they accrue greater power and prestige. 

So who is behind this nefarious conspiracy to 
regulate your very existence? Could it be the CLA. the 
KGB. the Republican Party? Wrong on all threecounts. 
This ruthless monolith is none other Ihan the Regents 
of the University of California, a ruling body that has 
become increasingly removed from the people it sup· 
posedly represents. 

Sadly. this is not that much of an exaggel"dtion. The 
Board of Regents possesse a type of absolute power. 
It has an absolute say in dictating the policy of the 
University of California. Yet. the regenL~ themselves 
are di~tant ligures. virtually unknown to the public. 
Think about it - can you even name OIl£' of the 

The govemors' picks 
Number of regents appointed by the last three 
California governors: 

• DeukmeJlan 

tTT~ 
• Brown • Wilson 

Ren6 Bruckner / GuarQ'an 

The Board 
of Regents 
possesses a 
type of abso-
lute power. It 
has an abso-
lute say in 
dictating the 
policy in 
the Univer-
sity of Cali-
fornia. Yet, 
the regents 
themselves 
are distant 
figures, 
virtually 
unknown to 
the public. 

regents? Not without peek.ing you can ·t. 
The recenl budget crisis has only underscored the grow· 

ing need to refonn the Board of Regents. Take the furor over 
outgoing UC President David Gardner' s pension_ That 
incident in itself revealed a lack of accountabililY in lhe 
regents' decisions. 

Despite a shrinking UC budget and a slew of fee 
increases. lhe regents approved a $2.4 million retirement 
package for Gardner last April. The regenls weren 'Ilerribly 
concerned with the prudence of lheir actions, mind you. 
Instead. like a group of teenage boys Irying to lell Dad lhat 
they had crashed the Volvo. Ihe regents debated behind 
closed doors aboul how 10 put the beSI public relalions spin 
on their largess. 

"Has anyone given any thoughl as to how we might 
mitigate the effect of this by organized release or some type 
of businesslike approach?" a ked Regent Frank Clark. Jr. at 
the March 19 regent . meeting. "If Ihe Legislature gets a 
hold of thi , Ihe numbers that we're kick.ing around ... it's 
very hard 10 reconcile." This is regent-speak for "How are 
we going to cover our behinds on this one. fell as?" 

Pan of the problem with regent accountabililY i the way 
in which the regents are appointed. There are seven ex· 
officio regents - the governor. I ieutenant governor. speaker 
of lhe assembly. stale superintendent of public education. 
president and vice president of the alumni association and 
president of Ihe universilY. 

The remaining 18 regents are appointed by the gover-
nor, with the exception of the student regent who is ap-
proved by the board as a whole. The governor's appoint-
menls to the Board of Regents must be approved by lhe 
State Senate, a process thai can be best described as "rubber 
stamping." Only one nominee has ever been tumed away by 
lhe senate - noted robber baron Leland Slanford, Ir. 

So what qualifies somebody to be a regenl? Years and 
years of dedicated SClVice in lhe field of education? Not 
exactly. Most of the current regents are business leadm, 
lawyers. developers and entrepreneurs. Only Regent W. 
GlcM Campbell has an eXlensive background in education, 

See REGENTS, page 5 

Monday. Octuhl'r 19. 199"l 

ill 
Who the Heck Are 
These Guys? 

A look at the UC Regents; 
W811am T. Bapty, 64, San Rafael 

~r, former assemblyman, former 
chainnan, California Republican League; 
appointed in 1989 by Governor George 
Deukmejian 
Roy T. Brophy, 70, Sacramento 
Real estate developer, Republican activist, 
Deukmejian fund-raiser; appointed in 1986 
by George Deukmejian 
Clair W. Burgener, 70, San Diego 
Former congressman, state assmeblyman 
and senator, co-manager, Deukmejian 
campaign 1982; appointed in 1988 by 
George Deukmejian 
Yvonne Brathwaite Burke, 59, Los Angeles 
Attorney, state legislator and congress-
woman; appointed in 1982 by Governor Jerry 
Brown 
W. Glenn Campbell, 68, San Marino 
Economist, educator, former director of 
Hoover Institution; appointed in 1968 by 
Ronald Reagan, re-appointed in 1984 by 
George Deukmejian 
Frank W. Clark, Jr., 74, Los Angeles 
Attorney, appointed in 1980 by Jerry Brown; 
reappointed in 1988 by George Deukmejian 
John G. Davies, 58, San Diego 
Attorney, former head of city planning board, 
oversees Pete Wilson's blind trust; 
appointed in 1992 by Governor Pete Wilsol1 
Dr. TIrso Del .hItc:o, 67, Los Angeles 
Physician, entrepreneur, founder of Los 
Angeles National Bank; appointed in 1985 
by George Deukmejian 
Alice J. Gonzales, 65, Rocklin 
Head of Employment Development Depart-
ment and Department of Aging under George 
Qeukmejian. Appointed in 1990 by George 
Deukmejian 
Jeremiah F. Hallisey, 53,San Francisco 
Attomey, high-level staffer in Brown cam-
paigns, former Cal State trustee; appointed 
in 1982 by Jerry Brown 
S. S. JohnIon, 51, Riverside 
Fonner vice president UC Alumni Associa-
tion; appointed in 1990 by George 
Deukmejian 
Merecith KhachlClan, 48, San Clemente 
Active in business and community affairs; 
appointed in 1987 by George Deukmejian 
Leo S. KoIIIIIan, 74, Fresno 
Attorney, former fund-raising chairman for 
Deukmejian; appointed in 1985 by George 
Oeukmejian 
Howard H. Leach, 62, Pebble Beach 
Major Californ ia agribusiness figure, banking 
private investor; appointed in 1990 by 
George Deukmejian 
S. Stephen Nakashima, 70, San Jose 
Attorney, CPA, former co-chair George 
Deukmejian's campaign in Santa Clara 
County; appointed in 1989 by George 
Deukmejian , reappointed in 1992 by Pete 
Wilson 
Dean A. Watkins, 69, Palo Alto 
Ex-professor at Stanford, chair of electronics 
firm; appointed in 1969 by Ronald Reagan, 
reappointed in 1984 by George Deukmejian 
HaroIcI M, WllHarns, 64, Los Angeles 
CEO of J. Paul Getty Trust, former dean of 
UCLA Graduate School of Management; 
appointed in 1982 by Jerry Brown 
MCq .... S, Y .... , 70, Riverside 
President of freeway construction company, 
one of the state's largest contractors; 
appointed in 1988 by Georae Deukmejian 

Monday, October 19, 1992 The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

BREAKING THE UNIVERSITY'S STRONGHOLD 
~: As plenty goes wrong. snxbtts must take the offemive by answering critical questions about the role of the regents 

By Ely RIIbenI 
Staff Writer 

Of late, the regents have erred, repeatedly. But 
there is I10l much thai is especially different about 
the decisions they have been making, only the 
context in which they haveoccured.ingood times, 
"Pensiongaae" would have raised some eyelIDws 
and aaracted SOIJleo1:Idi1or invective, bul gener-
ally passed unnoticed 

II has become a major "scandal" only because 
it has been juxtaposed with sharp fee increases, 
\arge enrollmenl cuts and degradation of quality, 
all at a time when UC and California State Univer-
ity downsizing and privatization are projected by 

the conventional wisdan (unwise though it may 
be) in Sacramento. 

BUI therein lies a pervasive confusion: a num-
berofdistinctandseriousissuesarebeingconflated 
Among both students and legislalors, the reg~ 
are becoming a favorile group of whipping boys 
(they are mostly "pate and male·~. 

Attack by itself does nothing to resolve the 
critical matters at hand. Conditions are ripe for 
some changes, but the value of any given change 
will correspond to the understanding and thought 
thai goes inlo it It is time for some well-considered 
solutions and a coherent, organized effort to bring 
them to bear. 

We have before us two broad but inlerlocking 
issues: the tension between autonomy and ac-
countability in the university power structure; and 
the role of the university as a public trust benefICial 
to society. Together, these corne down 10 the 
overarching question: what is the university about? 

The California Constitution provides thai the 
University of California shall haveautonorny from 
state govenunent - the legislature cannot dictate 
policy to the university. The university is thu 
insulated from momentary political fluctuations. 

This is a very good idea - without such 
autonomy we could face campaigns to Ouistian-
ize the UC or campaigns to politicize curricula 10 
an exlent that makes the grossest distortions of the 

REGENTS: Money is 
the key to getting appointed 
ContInued from .... 4 
as the fonner director of the Hoover institulion 
at Stanford. 

How then were these people appointed 10 
lead one of lhe largest university systems in the 
country when very few of them had any back-
ground in education? Let's say that you want to 
become a regent. The flfSt thing you need to do 
is get chummy with a candidate for governor. 

This is not as easy as it sounds. If you were 
foolhardy enough to support Tom Bradley or 
Dianne Feinstein in the last three elections, you 
can kiss those regenl dreams goodbye.Now Ihat 
you're pals with the gubernatorial candidate,you 
need to take the next logical step, namely give 
him a pile of money. 

S. Sue Johnson conlributed $23,500 to 
George Deukmejian 'scampaignsbetween 1982-

PC-backlash look trivial. Autonomy exists f<X'the The COn<itirutional diversity mandate - as 
same reason as docs faculty tenw-e: quality re- egregiously disregarded as il is - isoneclueabout 
quiresacertaininsulalionandfreedomofendeavor the kind of <nwer historically desired. For an 
which is anathema when placed near political increasingly diverse public, the answer must come 
means 10 ends. from a diverse set of perspectives. Thus, diversity 

Beyond separation from stare govenuneRt - is in itself one distinct qualification (among <ihers) 
some would have it as the fourth tr.mch of stare to serve on the Board of Regents. More generally. 
govenvnenl - regental selection is far removed how ought the university be governed? 
from both the people of the SlalCand the university. The scandals thai have shaken the UC illustrJle 
and consolidated in the hands of the governor. the alienation berween cwrent agendas and these 
More so than nomination to the U.S. Supreme questions. Entirely absent is the ideal of public 
Coon. regent appointments are subject to only the selVice. 
most perfunctOl)' processes of ButaS2.4millionretirement 
advice and consent package, Lear jets. p.'Uties and 

In practice. regental appoint- f1lSt-class air travel obscllre far 
menl has been a political favor greaterissues;aserviceethicmay 
extended to lhe organizational be something we desire in uni-
and fll13l1Cial backers of gover- versily administrators, bul its 
nors. Money has a shameless presence or absence is trivial in 
role in the process - buI then, comparison to downsizing and 
wouldn't it also if they were di- privatization of one of the most 
rectly elected? important levelling institutions 

Once confumed, each ap- in society. 
pointed regent enjoys 12yearsof Even numbers bear this out 
unaccountabililY. The demo- Roger Kuo/ Guardia-J there is less that $10 million lost 
graphics of the Board of Regents shows it to be to flagrant abuse while California public higher 
significantly different from the population of the education is being defunded by hundreds of mil-
state - though the Califomia Constitution man- lions of dollars. The laner is all the more significant 
dates lhat it shall instead be reflective - and as a when it is understood that a quality university is 
result, it is frequently out of louch with both the built only slowly and with much more than ju~t 
needs of the stale and those over whom il holds critical long term investment, but strangled mther 
authority. A certain contempt for the governed easily for a transient lack of funding. 
seems to exist among the regents. Preserving the university, then, requires two 

Accordingtoa fonnerregenr, the board sees the sepamte but complementary efforts: a restnl(.'(ur-
university as a multi-billion dollarcorporution and ing of the Board of Regents and university gov.:r-
the regents see themselves as being where they are nance; and securing a renewed commitment by the 
by virtue of success in the corporaIe wor1d. But is stale to providing free (it /lsed 10 Ix \ 'il1llal/y free.') 
it just a corporation, serving the needs of the accessible. quality highereducation.llle laner i~ a 
ecol1<X'llyand in particular the corporate needs for battle for the slate budget. and is continuing. 1l-oe 
a skilled workforce and research base? Or are the former is the challenge which is just begiMing-
accumulation and diffusion of knowledge in them- a central issue raised during the dernonstrJlion at 
selves important 10 the social, political and cultural UCLA on Friday was refonning the regents. 
well-being of the state? There are many ideas on university gover-

86. She was appointed by the governor in 1989. 
Frank Clark, Jr. personally contributed $17,675 
to Deukrnej ian , while his law finn kicked in 
another $55,558. This made him more than 
qualified to be a regent, 0 Deukrnejian reap-
pointed him to another tenn in 1988. (Clark was 
originally appointed by Democratic Governor 
Jerry Brown. once again proving that politics 
makes strange bedfellows.) Don't be discour-
aged by Ihese figures, however. Most of the 
regents appointed by Deukrnejian only needed 
to contribute about $4,000 to his campaigns. 

The sole qualification for becoming a regent 
seems to be who you know. In a paper that 
detailed the multitude of problems with the 
Board of Regents, UC Berkeley Professor 
Charles Schwartz wrote, "Governor Deukrnejian 
bestowed appointments to the UC Board of 
Regents as a reward to his most valuable polili-
cal supporters." 

But, Schwartz points out, political patronage 
is not limited to Deukmejian. Jerry Brown and 

now Pete Wilson both confer appointments to 
the Board of Regents as rewards to the faithful 
and the well-connected. 

The Constitution of the State of Cal i fomia 
calls for lhe University of California to be 
"entirely independent of all polilical or sectar-
ian influence and kept free therefrom in Ihe 
appointmenl of its regents and in the adminis-
tration of its affairs." To claim that thi s is 
currenlly the case would be laughable. Ap-
pointments to the Board of Regents are purely 
political and, given the pa I decade of 
Deukmejian and Wilson administrations. over-
whelmingly Republican. Only three appoin-
tees from the Brown administration remain , 
with their terms expiring no later than 1994. 

This leaves us with a Board of Regents 
composed of polilical hacks. who have mon-
arch-li.ke control over the University of Cali-
fornia. Not surprisingly, given the background 
of Ihe regents, they run the university like a 
corporation. This would be forgivable ifnot for 
the fact thai they're running it like a lOllsy 
corporation. 

Regent 
money 

Contributions (either personal 
or through individuals' 
businesses) to George 
Deukmejian's campaign funds 
by the regents he appointed 

Tossing perks like cheap dime store trinkets 
to university executives during lean financial 
times is hardly brilliam fiscal planning. With 
the exception of the United States Congress, 
everybody knows that you can ' t spend m6"ney 
you don 't have. William Bagtey $2,536 

Roy Brophy $10,600 
Clair Burgener $2,351 

W. Glenn Campbell $0 
Frank Clar1l, Jr. 

Tirso del Junco, MD $2,000 
Alice Gonzales SO 

S. Sue Johnson 
Meredith Khachlglan 

Leo Kolliglan 
Howard Leach 

Stephen Nakashima 
Dean Watkins 

Jaques Yeager $6,250 

$23,500 

U9,270 

$32,500 

Source: A LOOI< lit the Retents of the Unl1lerslty of 
Califomla. by Cher1es Schwartz 

The problem would be easily solved if the 
regents were al all accountable to the taxpayers 
of Califomi3- Unfortunately, you can 't vote a 
regent out of office like you would a governor 
or senator. Once lhe regent is appointed, he's 
there for lhe entire twelve-year term, regard-
less of how many bonehead decisions he or she 
makes, The regents can vote to give $2.4 mil-
lion retirement packages from now unlil dooms-
day, and there's not a thing you and I can do 
about it. Unless, of course, the process of 
appointing regenls is dramatically refonned. 

There is a move right now 10 change the 
appointmenl process, so thai the speaker of lhe 
assembly, the student association, lhe senale 
rules committee, the faculty senate and the 

nance. Here are some of mine: splining up polilical 
appointments of regents between the GOI'emor, 
senate and assembly. subjecl to a real process of 
advice and consent; an equal nllmberof univen.ity-
derived regents, on a Ca/llpUS by campus basis from 
among students and fac ulty and subject to recall; 1'_1 
officio regents as at preseni; and a ~taff regent. 

Autonomy should be preserved, since such a 
SlIUcture provide.s sufficient accountability. The 
diversity mwldate must be reinforced in a fair way. 
Different term lengths are also important, since 
long lenn interests must be provided for while a 
degree of responsiveness tocontempomry circum-
stances is promOled by ~hortertenns. Most impor-
tantly. the locus of power in university govemance 
is moved closer to those governed. but all impor-
tant interests arc represented. Balance will be key. 

Finally we have the question of how any such 
changes are to be effected. As a creature of the 
Constitution. the Board of Regents can only be 
changed by amendment - a daunting task indeed. 
The CSUTruSleescan. however. be restructured in 
the same elTon. And the regents :1nd trustees are nOl 
irrelevant tostlldents at community colleges. many 
of whom transfer to public universilies_ 

There is one oft forgotten fact: in California 
there are over two million students enrolled in 
publ ic.: highereducalional i n-'litut ions. That's more 
than voted for Wilson and Fcin~tein combined 
While srlldents are far from a monolithic group. we 
have a number of interests in common. Histori-
cally. less than a third of studenll> h.we been 
registered to vote. But as times get tougher, MU-
dcnl~ will h.wc 10 vote to protect their immediate 
futun:!. We have seen an increa<;e in sludem regis-
tmtion already. One million signatures is enough to 
qualify constitutional amendments fllr the ballot, 
and an infomled Mudent electorate could go fdr 
towards pas.-.age. While this l1Iay seem f:lIItastic 
now, il may soon appear quite feasible. 

Many challenges lay a1Jead. but student!. may 
yet prove to be an unprecedented political force. 
An eanhquake may occur in Califomi:L 

alumni association would be given the same 
number of appointments as the governor. This 
plan doesn 't really solve the problem ofpolilical 
patronage, however. I can't see how letting 
Willie Brown appoint regents is any more desir-
able than giving Pete Wilson a blank check. 

Schwartz call~ for an intriguing refonn that 
would redu.:e the power of the regents. In his 
proposal. e:lch campu~ would hav.: its own 
government, an elected Campu~ Council that 
would define poli ies. ~et budget priorities and 
appoint campus administrators. The Board of 
Regents would become more of an honorary 
position, with some control overt he university's 
financial resources. bur no policy-making pow-
ers. 

Schwartz's propo~al i~cenainly more demo-
emtie than the current 1>ituatioll. but it contam, 
some flaw as \IIc ll. The different .:ampuse~ 
would no doubt have differem needs and agen-
das. Without a ,tr ng centf'J1 governing body. 
the ul1lversity would be bogged down in sen.~e­
less bickering and in-fightillg_ 

Some argue that making the position of 
regen' an elected one would politicize the Uni-
versit, of California (ignoring th ilt the current 
appolf\tments are already political). Electing 
rege' , in a , tate-wlde eleclion may he flawed, 
but · .:ast in thiS case. the regenL, would be 
imm,· liately accountable to the ta}(paycI". A 
progl dm where half of the regents were ap-
pointed by Ihe governor and half were elecled 
by the voter:, would certainly improve maners. 
Increasing the number of student and faculty 
representatives on the Board of Regents would 
also be a ~tep in the righl direction. 

The problem of refonning the Board of 
Regenls is a sticky one with political, philo· 
sophical and financial complications cropping 
up at every tum. But any move toward reform 
offers some hope that the university will pull out 
of it. Iwo-year tai l pin. Exploring way to in-
crease representation on Ihe Board of Regems is 
1 healthy development. That way we can leave 
absolute control and unlimited powerto the pros 
at the CIA and the Republican Party. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Monday , Octoher 19, 1992 

IN THE CURRENT CRISIS, THE CO-OPS AREN'T COOPERATING 
Editor: 

Both the title and the tone of your 
editorial "Admini tration Keep 
Changing the Rule of the Game" 
(Ocl. 12) misrepresents the state of 
facts as well a the role and re pons i-
bility of the "administration" in en-
suring that studem resources are used 
forthe benefit of all tudent . The fact 
is that having student-run coopera-
tives on campus is of value to the 
university community. eltpecia lly the 
~tudenl. who benefit from the learn-
ing experien e of operating a campu 
bu~iness. ln the imere t of preserving 
thi~ university asset and in an anempt 
10 0 commodate the co-ops. the ad-
ministration has engaged in months 

and months of negOliations. 
Over the last year. several univer-

ity audits have uncovered that sub-
standardbu ine practice have been 
prevalent at the co-ops. These ques-
tionable business practices include 
personal loans made to employee 
with lillie or no documentation. ac-
cepting checks from customer who 
had previou Iy bounced chl..'Cks. vio-
lation of IRS regulations and a num-
ber of other procedures. 

What the university has insisted 
on from the start is accountability. It is 
not unreasonable to expect the CCKlps 
to conform to standard busi ne ~ prac-
tices. as do all other campus entities 
including all ASUCSD-{)pernted busi-

READERS' 

FORUM 
The Gu.",lan .... lcomes le(tef$ from Its ~.der$. 
All lectef$ must t>fI (ypeC1 ancls;,n..a. We ~stHVe 
tile ~nr to ea.t 8" iettel'5 for IefIIl!II ana clllf1{y. 
Sena iectef$ to: 

9500 GllrrnJn Dr. 0316 
La )0//1. CA 9209J.C3J6 

Join Peace Corps . . . 
GLOBALIZE YOUR 

nesses. In fact. this is in the best 
interests of the entire campus com-
munity, including students, staff and 
faculty. The co-op agpear to want it 
both ways: they want complete f man-
cia! independence. wiihout having to 
be respon ible for their actions. This 
Idnd of a work environment does nOl 
project a PO ' itive learning experience 
for student, nor does it set a realistic 
example of how a business hould be 
run. 

The university has hown great 
flexibility in lhi maner by offering 
the co-ops several different scenarios 
under which they could continue to 
operate on campus. One cenario 
would have the co-{)ps overseen by 

RESUME! 

the Associated Students. giving them 
the independence they want to keep. 
However. th is po ibility. which is 
similar to an arrangement at UCLA. 
has been rejected by the co-ops. Other 
alternatives have been offered, in -
cluding outside vendor status. which 
the co-{)ps have also rejected. 

Ultimate I) it is unfair and unrea-
onable for the co-{)ps to expect the 

university community - including 
the st udent population which is served 
by the co-ops- to be left holding the 
bag for consequences arising out of 
their substandard business pr.lCtices. 

Nicholas S. Aguilar 
Director or Student Policies 

and Judicial AfTairs 

Uke to Write? 

Peace Corps Reps on Campus Oct. 21 & 22 

Then why not get 
paid for doing what 

you IikeJ 

Information Booth: Wedne day & Thursday, 9 am - 1 :30 pm 
Price Center 

The Guanllan Is now 
hiring reporters to 

write news, opinion, 
features and arts Mel 
entertainment stories. Special Seminars 

Meet with Returned Volunteers 
Wed ., Oct. 21, 2 pm - 4 pm 

Career Services Center, Conference Room 

OpporLunities in Health & Education 
Thurs., Oct. 22. 2 pm - 4 pm 

areer Services Center, Conference Room 

SENIOR APPLY NOW! 

Interviews 

Mon. and Tues_ 
Nov. 9 & 10 

Career Services Center 

If you've got what It 
takes, stop by our 

oftIce In the Student 
Center above the 

General Store. 

For more inforrnatJon , contact your Career Services enter, or cal l the Los Angelcs Recruiting Office at (800)832-068 1, exL. 110. TheUCSD 
GUARDIAN 

eed a break/rom the election? 
We ~ ve got the deLection at ... 
----=---= 

- APPAREL. 
. ~~' 

~OIJ'~-
. . 

fACTO RY OUTLET 
CLOTHING STORES 

200/0 OFF 
All Shorts & 
Tank Tops 
One Week Only 

Pacific Beach: 931 Gamet Ave. • 483-3150' Miramar: 8250 Camino Santa Fe. 450-3323 
SDSU: 6663 EI Cajon Blvd .• 460-4320 

STUDENT CONTACT IDS SPECIAl 
SlEARSUTC 

DIlLY lUll sal18" ::am $16900" 
son CONTACTS san CONTACTS 

Ollrasoft D2T4 

25% 'OFF 
FRAMES & LENSES 

COMPLm 

Ourasoft D3X4 

ACUVUE S 19980• 
BISPOSABLE 
COIITACTS 

- i'II'IIl""": I'~ I' r\lIl11inOililill . nll1ll1rl I.'n. (j Ili n;:. rulLlw,ul' , iliil. Irl8j"in~ ~ ". ' t' lit ", fMtlutimtJi, 
Orrf'r nu, ~""HI ",illt ~ny HIII,. r "'Ilt,,·iul. 

For appointments or information 
call the Optical Department at 

455-5795 or 
622-9365 

• 

FULL SERVICE CAR WASH 
& Turtle Wax Sealer 
~ 8505 Costa Verde Blvd .• 587·4844 

COSTA 
VERDE ~ 
CAR WASH W 

WEII£CYClE 
OUR WATER 

z.@ 
--ucso I 
~ L. JOII. VIII ••• Dr. UTe J I J I : .. , Dr . r! 

OPEN 7 DAYS. ALL SOFT CLOTH WASH 
SHELL SU 2000 & DIESEL AT COMPETmVE PRICES 

-----------------------! Full Service 3 99 
: S~~6~ p~~ Y'L~§t! ~.~ 
I C."R WASlt NalVIId"nolwallr. SAVE 14.01 
I ~,~- : 
.------------------------

Monday, OctolH'r 19, 1992 Tht' UC 0 Guardian 

Law Professor Says Racism is Forever 
DERRICK .. ' • Respected Civil Rights Activist and 
author addressed the problem of racism in the u.s. 
By Karen Cheng 
Associate News Editor 

Civi l Rights Activist and Law Pro-
fe",o;or Derrick Bell examined the per-
manence of m L~m in a 1ecture on Fri-
day night at the Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacifc Stud-
ies. 

Bell attended law school at the Uni-
ven.ity of Pittsburgh before he became 
part of the facu Ity at Harvard Law School. 
However. he left the faculty in April of 
1990 to protest Harvard's continuing 
Fajlure to gr.U1t tenure toOl black woman. 
He is currently a visiting professor at 
New York University School of Law. 

in his Friday night lecture, Professor 
Bell talked about hi newly published 
book. Faces a( Ihe 80"0111 OflhR Well: 
Dil'illillg Ille Pl'I7nallellCl! of Racism. 

Bell explained the reason for his title 
by saying. "black people are the faces at 
the bonom of society's well. .. even the 
poorest whites - those who must live 
their lives only a few level above us-
gain their self-esteem by gazing down 
upon us." 

According to Bell. racism is a per-

manent fixture in the United States. 
"r have concluded. sadly, but with 

great certainty. thai black people will 
never gain full equality in this counlIy. 
Thateven Herculeanefforts that we hail 
as successful will produce no more than 
temporary peaks of progress," he said 

Bell concluded that civil rights ef-
forts are only short-lived and rdCiaJ pat-
terns of the past will corne back to haunt 
society. 

'The daily reality will nO( pennit us 
to deny ... thalrJcism is far from dead in 
this last decade of the m century. Our 
careers, even our lives, are threatened 
because of our color ... and even the 
most successfu I ones are haunted by the 
type of our less fortunate brethren who 
struggle for existence in what some 
social scientists call . the underclass, '" 
he said 

According to Bell. up to 45 percent 
of young blacks between the ages of 18 
and 34 are caught up in some aspect of 
the criminal justice system. "Statistic , 
though, can 't begin to express the pat-
tern of joblessness and poverty, broken 
hotnes. anarchy in the community and 

Jenn~er Mattllews/ Guardtan 
Derrick Bell at Thursday's lecture. 

futility in the public schools." 
Bell referred to the AmeriC3l1 inner 

city as '1he equivalem of the South 
African homeland." Despite thi , how-
ever, Bell retains some optimism. 

'1'herecan be tri umph in the struggle 
even though victory is not possible. The 
triumph i in the truggle itself. Free-
dOlO is acquired by ronqu~1. nO! by 
fear. lItI mllllt be pun.ued const3l11ly and 
responsibly. Freedom is not an idea 
located outside of the individual; r.lthcr. 
it is the indispensable condition for the 
quest for human completion." 

British Filnunaker Criticizes Progress 
JAMES BURKE: BBC producer attacks the progress 
of technology as anti-evolutionary and constraining 
By Brett Rhyne 
Senior Staff Writer 

Describing humankind'sevol ution-
aryprocess as ascriesof"small techno-
logical nudges." British science com-
mentator James Burke poke about 
where the human race is headed last 
Thursday night at Mandeville Audito-
rium. 

The creator of such British Broad-
casting Company (SBC) mini-series 

a~Collllections,After Ihe Wanning and 
The Day (he World Changed, Bw1ce 
addressed and then answered ques-
tions from an enthusiastic crowd of 
about 400 UCSD students, faculty and 
community members. 

His speech. entitled "Axmakers of 
the 21 st Centw)'." focused on how 
present-<lay social relations have been 
'haped by changes in our technology. 

According to Burke, the primary 
technological breakthrough !hal started 
the social ball rolling was the makingof 
the stone ax and the tool-using skills 
which accompanied it. 

Call1ngaxmakinga''nudge,'' Burke 
explained that, "A nudge at the right 
time will move thejuggemaut of change 
one way or the other." 

This "first major technological 

nudge" centralized knowledge in the 
hands of only selected members of the 
early humancommunity. "lnsider"tool 
use began the gradual process of creat-
ing unequal power relations within hu-
man society. Bwke said. 

This minute fraction of the popula-
tion with insider knowledge, continues 
to determine human social relations. 
Burke refem:d to as "the axmakers." 

Over the long term, Burke said. 
these smalJ nudges "put us on one path 
instead of another." meaning that once 
we have chosen to use a technology. 
our choices are constrained in the fu-
ture. This "limitation by axmaker con-
straints" may be ultimately atlti-evolu-
tionary for the human rnce. "Species 
achieve success through diversity," 
Burke said. 

The central tension of human evo-
lution may be between axIDaker con-
straints and "a fle~ble adaptation re-
sponse." he argued. 

"Axmaking leads to hierarchy, ide-
ology, elitism ... institutions," Burke 
said. 

" In this sequentially thinking know-
ledge environment." Burke explained, 
"all constraints are an expression of the 
conservatism of those institutions es-

Confidence Is just 
A Phone CaU Awtry ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
WWCOST 

EARLY PREGNANCY TEST 
(1mm#dIIM, Tn, Rn ullS) 

PREGNANCY TERMINATION 
(CArIf!rQ/ or Local Annlbftkl) 

AFFOJU;>ABU BDn1:I CONTROL 
SnJDENJ' DISCOUNTS 

InsuranCfl, VIsa, Mast..card, 
OIscouer CilTd We/com, 

(619) 535-1379 

tablished at every nudge." lllese 
axmaker institutions have been acting 
for millennia as social filters, inhibiting 
what Burke called the "non-symbolic, 
non-tool-using. non-rational mind." 

He decried the fact thaI humans 
have "a brain capable of miracles but 
are forced to conform to an axmaker 
environment." 

Burke.awidely-knowncomentator 
on the environment. tressed that this 
rational,axmakermindsetmay beanti-
evolutionary for humans but evenmore 
detrimental to theplanet. He said. "There 
can be I ittle doubt that we now have the 
capability to ignificantly affect the 
biosphere." 

He named the destruction of vast 
numbers of plant and animal species, 
the greenhouse effect, and reaching the 
Earth's population limit as examples of 
the dire consequences axmaking ratio-
nality may have had ecologically. 

Burke did fmd hope, however. He 
noted that with "our i~ data 
processingand telecommunicationsca-
pabilities," humans may soon be in a 
position of "sharing the intellectual and 
material wealth" with everyone in the 
biosphere, not just axmakers. 

Technological advances may be de-
mocratizing. Soon. Burke said. "We'll 
have enough organizational capacity 
to give everyone a hand ax." 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NEW 7 

AUTOPORT MAll MIRAMAR 

7rJM'S Master Mechanics 
===== exclusively V\N and AUDI 

Service Be Repair 
Master Technicians 

VW • Audi • ASE Certified 
--------------------

Must present coupon and valid ucso 10 at time of estmote 
Not volld With mojor engine or transmission repOO 

ri 1450:9494111~ 
t ji' 1.1 ~ ••• , 

_.-
I IF You HAVE FRIENDS WITH VWs OR AUDIS, 
I ASK THEM ABOUT us; IF THEY HAVEN'T 
I DISCOVERED US YET, ASK US FOR REFERENCES. 

I 

L __ ..:: ::'I::R:~~ ~~R~ ~s:.o~~~ __ .J 

:.! - .. , f ~ ./~"_ .: 1 '-

J 

L------IIThe best Fish ond sandwich place in Lo Jolla' 

Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am·12 pm 
Fri.·Sat. 
11 am·2 am 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
• Oyster Bar 
• 21 /w sludenllD 

7536 FAY AVE. ~ CALL 456·BREW 

Artists that listen 
Before your flext hair appointmellt think 
about these questions .. _ 

Q 

Q 
Q 

\l /1(/( " 1'''/11' !1m I' tI()III.~ 
Ih(/I ) '/1/1 11'((111 III" 
( UIlIUIII(' rlU/J I.~' 

II /1(/1 I.' . )'11/11' h{(il' dui ll.r..: 
Ih((( I V II d(III/ II '{ 1I11 
II III he duillg ' 

II i I lIltll 'liI l Iii..'!' \ WI/ ( '-
(hlll,~ 11(' /1' ({lid ditli' I'(,III ' 

Look your best ever, 
We have 

"Artists that listen." 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
$4.00 OFF $5.00 OFF 

(Reg. $21.00) (Reg. $26.00) 

HAIR ) SKIN 
NAILS 



8 NEWS 

11/11//11111/ //11/1 /1\11) ,\ ,II/lillil/) / I( 1/1\(,/" 
WlHISDA' NIGHTS .... 6 .. '0 P ... 

UeSD liGHT 
at ~~% ~4j~ ~~ Q~ ~ 

CHEESE 
PIZZAS 
$5.99 UC 0 so ii (,,"h pfOoror211 
l21!~n ( \ In II I ( 01 \ I \{, IW \1l·1'1I1l\1 481.STUFT 

ROBERT->S 

AUTO 
GERMAN, SWEDISH & JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed · Factory-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(619 )27.)-11 :J2 
Mon.-Fri. 7 am-5:30 pm 
Saturdays 8 am-5 pm We wM r<I rKonYI'\MO ~.D. 

tuOlIC¥'CS to 00l custorntf1 

-------------------~O%OFF 
all repairs* with this coupon 

· Except motor and trnnsml . Ion u\'l'r-haul 
Not v.hd ",th nny otherroul"'n, 

Working around 
the clock tonight? 
Discover Kinko's. 
For most of us, there just aren't 
enough hours in a 9 to 5 day to get 
some of our important projects 
done on time. And that's why we're 
open 24 hours. Every day. So no 
mailer when you need a helping ~ 
hand and a friendly face, you'll 
find them at Kinko's. 

l(inl(o's0 
the copy center 
OPEN 24 HOURS 

457-3775 
La lolla 

8849 Villa La Jolla Dr. 
483-1852 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamel Avenue 

10 Locations in San Diego County! [a3.1 !3C 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Octobt-r 19, 1992 

PELTASON: 
President inaugurated 
amid student protest 
ContInued from page 1 
cIenl Hope McCarthy, '111i i, IlOI a 
spectalor sport. Thi is our education." 

As the morning progressed. over 
I <XX> student prolesloo; urrounded the 
entrance 10 Royce Hall and made 
pecches criticizing the c lased nature of 

the University. Fifty UCLA police in 
riO( gear fooned police lines to keep 
students from rushing the building. 

'1Thepolice 1 aggTeS-~ivelyadvanced 
on students. Some police hit people in 
the throat with their IxItolTh. There was 
no provocation." said McCruth) , 

Afterthe inaugwation UCLA Chan-
cellor Omies Young said he did not 
support the protest "Student protest i\ 
IlOI going to help. No one' s going 10 pay 
anention to them. They are lying and 
distorting the trulh." 

A.S. President Mike Holmes and 
A.S. Vice Presidem External Colin 
Wilson went to UClA 10 anend the 
inauguration. but were barred from en-
lering. 

" It was kind of ironic ... the student 
leaders were not allowed to go inside 
even though we had ticket! ," Holmes 

..................... ~~ 

Lisa 5{cK.frman 
'Victoria 5{(tfricfgt 

'Wencfy:;t({en 
:;t[(ysa 'BagcNi 
'Tammy 'Brotfie 
Livia Cortfor 

?(pren Corwin 
Xilra Corette 
'J(f.((ey'E(tfu 
:;tniKP (jod 

Jennifer :;{~ncferson 

?(pren Jensen 
!}(rutin 'l(noJ( 
?(jm6u(y Lum 

Steplianie '7IfuCliuin 
Leanne 'JIf..fian 

Mary 1I(p6inowitz, 
MoCCy 1Uiocfus 

'Daniera '1{pmano 
'Ta m i Scfia{{er 

90fefusa Seymour 

:Marcia Jeffries 

Why just get a pizza 
when you can get 
GRAND SLAM'S 
UCMEAL DEAL 

8935 Towne Centre Drive #109 
in Renaissance Center behind UTe 

See why the critics are raving! 

Students were barred from entering 
(he Hall after a studenl was arrested for 
shouting down the speeches with calls 
for more studenl involvement and fewer 
fee hikes. 

Graduate Student Assoc iation Presi-
dent Panick Carroll was able 10 attend 
the ceremony because heanived before 
the student' outburst 

Reaction to PeJtason ' s inaugumcion 
has been generally uppollive. Peltason 
was Cl1anceUor of UC bvine for eight 
years before being chosen for the presi-
dency in April. 

UCI's A.S, President Rigoberto 
Rodriguez said that PeltlSOn was "very. 
very receJXive to integrating students" 
into the decision making process. "NO( 
only did he pennit [studenl inputl, but 
he encouraged it." he added 

Acting Director of the UC Students 
Association (UCSA) Andy Shaw had 
imiIarfeelingstowardPeltason. "We're 

very hopeful that Peltason will continue 
the kind of work he did at bvine," he 
said. 

Peltason has already said he will 
forfeit his over $4O,CXX> a year housing 
in an effort to quell criticism of perks 
given to top UC administrators, 

-Campus Edtor KImI Yoshino 
of The CIllIfomIs AI6Ie at uc 

Davis contributed to this report 

FUNDS: UCto 
seek first increase in 
funding in 3 years 
ContInued from page 1 
quality educators." said Lassiter. 

"" may be that we have to tighten 
enrollment even more. We don 'l want 
to have happen to the UC what is hap-
pening in the CSU system. where they 
are accepIing students but can', give 
them c\asses," he added. 

Shaw is also hopeful that the in-
crease will be granted, but "the [Califor-
nia 1 Department of Finance has warned 
all state agencies that there is no more 
money and there will likely be cuts." 

The increase in funding would flOC 
avert a fee increase next year. however. 

The regents are planning (0 borrow 
$70 million from private investors 10 
balance the 1992-93 budget and avoid a 
mid-year fee increase this year. 

Shaw said that the university needs 
to change its priorities. "Even a slight 
hift in funds would make for a much 

better education. The bottom line is less 
research and more c lasses:' he said. 

Monday, Ortob"r 19, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 9 

If You S eak This Language, 
peak To Us. 

To certain people, this isn't just a list of 
ymbol . It' a work of art. It's where cool 

technology starts. And eventually changes 
the world. 

You see the beauty in a piece of optimized 
code. We do too. Which i why we created 
the optimum environment to make it happen, 
giving you autonomy and authority without 
layers of management. 

At Micro oft, we respect talented people 

who do creative rhings with code. And can 
use it to build innovative products that 
improve the way people work. 

If that sounds like your idea of a great 
environment, see us. You ' ll fi nd that we 
speak your language. 

Come find out more about Microsoft by 
attending our upcoming event. 

Microsoft is an Equal Opportun ity 
Employer and supports workforce diversity. 



10 CALENDAR 

Academic Services 
Monday through Friday 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The OASIS Writing 
Center Is a free service for all UCSD students. 
We offer one-to-one wntlng conferences for 
any type of writing project - academic per 
pers, personal statements, even stories and 
poems. Our staff of trained undergraduates, 
who come from a variety of academic disci· 
plines, can help you become a more effective 
writer. Call 534-2284 to make an appoint· 
ment or drop by our office in the old Student 
Center, Building B, Room 214. 
• 8 a.m..4:30 p.m. (Friday ·3 p.m .) - The 
OASIS Languaae Program provides assls, 
tance to those doing work In Japanese, Ger· 
man, Spanish, French and Vietnamese. A 
diagnostiC test on written English Is available 
on request. Call 534-2284 for info. 
• 8:30 a.m..4:30 p.m. - Let OASIS Study 
Management Cente, help you this quarter 
with time management, note taking and edit· 
ing, textbook analysis, memory, flexible/speed 
reading, vocabulary development and GRE/ 
LSAT / MCAT verbal comprehension . Stop by 
York Hall 4010 or call 534·7344 to set up a 
personal appointment. Also - stay on the 
lookout for those valuable OASIS Study Skills 
Workshop and the GRE weekend specials. 
. 9 a.m..4 p.m. - The Associated Students 
Intemshlp OffIce encourages undergraduates 
and graduates In ali malors to take advantage 
of our services. Leam how an internship can 
provide you with the experience and job train· 
Ing that a classroom education cannot offer. 
We can also help you improve your resume, 
cover letter and resume skills . Making con· 
tacts and getting hands-on work expenence 
Increases your chances for postgraduate 
employment. Apply now for Winter Quarter 
internships in San Diego. Application DEA[)' 
LINES: Friday, Oct. 23. Drop by our office or 
call 534-4689. Pnce Center 3rd Floor, Room 
3.303. 
• 9 a.m .-4 p.m. - Muir College Writing 
Program Lottery application penod for Winter 
Quarter '93 writing classes. Flil out and sub· 
mit lottery "ticket" at HSS 2346 and get 
Information on when to retum for lottery 
results. 
Monday. Oct. 19 
. 9-9:50 a.m. - Informa~"m Processing; 
Text Analysis: OASIS Study Management 
Center, York Hall 4010. Preregistration rec· 
ommended, 534-7344. 
Tuesday, Oct. 20 
• 3·3:50 p.m. - Producing Organization: 
Classlflcatlon Charts, Etc. : OASIS Study 
Management Center, York Hall 4010. Prereg· 
Istratlon recommended, call 534-7344. 
Wednesday. dct. 21 
• 2-2:50 p.m. - Study Strategies for the 
Social Sciences: OASIS Study Management 
Center, York Hall 4010. Preregistration rec· 
ommended,534-7344. 
Thursday. Oct. 22 
• 11-11:50 a.m. - Memory Techniques: 
OASIS Study Management Center. York Hall 
4010. PreregistratIOn recommended, 534-
7344. 
Fnday, OCI. 23 
• 9 a.m.-4 p.m. - A.S. Internship Office: 
DEADLINE for Winter Quarter Internships IS 
Friday. Oct. 23. All application matenals due 
by 4 p.m., third floor Pnce Center, Room 
3.303. For more Info. call 534·3689. 
• 1(}10:50 a.m . - Exam Preparation: OA· 
SIS Study Management Center York Hall 
4010. Preregistration recommended, 534· 
7344. 

Services/Workshops 
Monday·Friday 
• 8 a.m.·2 p.m. - SIGI+ Computer-based 
program of career informatIOn deSigned to 
help you clarify your skills, values and inter· 
ests . For more information. come to the 
Career Services Center. $10. 
. 1:30-4 p.m. - DROp·IN ADVISING HOURS 
- For help With career goals, job hunting, 
resume preparation or explonng profeSSional 
or graduate school opportunities. No appoint· 
ment needed, just walk Into the Career Ser· 
vices Center. 
• MENTOR: If you're graduating this quarter 
and Job-seeking, we'll match you with a pro-
feSSional in your field of interest who will get 
you started networking in the local Job mar· 
ket. Sign up at reference room desk, Career 
Center. 
Monday, Oct. 19 
• 11·12 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
INDIVIDUAL PEER COUNSELING with Chell. 
Drop by our office next to the Price Center 
library Lounge or call 534-3978 to make an 
appointment. 
• 2-2:30 p.m .. - ROMANTIC SKILLS COP· 
ING GROUP: To teach ways to create and 
maintain relationships and overcome break· 
ups . Leaders: Beverly Harju, 534-6493, and 
Dan Berkow. Call for sign-up. 
• 3 :30-5 p.m. - BLACK FEMINIST FOCUS: 
Group for Afncan Amencan women who wish 
to explore feminlst;womanlst perspectives. 
Leader: Equilla Luke, 534-3585. Call before 
coming. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - MIND/ BODY CONNEC-
TIONS: Becoming more aware of stress, self· 
defeating attitudes and habits and leamlng 
relaxation . Five-week series. Leader: Beverly 
Harju, 534-3755. 
Tuesday. Oct. 20 
• 11·2 p.m. - PROFESSIONAL AND GRADU-
ATE SCHOOL FAIR at the Career Center 
Plaza. 
• 12-1 :30 p.m. - OVERCOMING COMPUL· 
SIVE EATING: Group for women who diet and 
binge. Focus on developing coping skills. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Leader: Equilla Luke, 534-3585. 
• 1-2 p.m . - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
INDIVIDUAL PEER COUNSEUNG with Steve. 
Drop by our office next to the Price Center 
Library lounge or call 534-3987. 
• 1-2:30 p.m. - WOMEN MOLESTED AS 
CHILDREN: A group for women survivors of 
childhood/adolescent se)lual abuse. Lead-
ers: Mlnam 10SOPOVICi, 534-0255, and Jane 
Parr. Call for sign·up. 
• 2:30 p.m. - SPECIAL GRADUATE 
SCHOOL OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS: Panel dis· 
cusslon on key Issues related to graduate 
school opportunities, will feature a profes· 
sor. a graduate student and an admissions 
officer. Career Services Center. 
• 3-4 :30 p.m . - UNDERGRADUATE 
GROWTH GROUP: A group for undergradu· 
ate students who have had individual coun-
seling and are ready to explore issues In a 
group context. Leaders: lindsay Calderon, 
534-0249, and Beverly McCreary. Call for 
sign-up. 
• 5·6 :30 p.m. - UNDERGRADUATE 
WOMEN'S THERAPY GROUP: A group fo-

cusin~ on relationships, self·esteem. 
assertiveness and female identity. leader: 
Equlila Luke, 534-3585 . Call for slgn-up. 
Wednesday. Oct. 21 
. 9 a.m.·1:30 p.m. - Peace Corps Infor· 
matlon Table , Price Center. 
. 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. - GRADUATE SUP· 
PORT GROUP: A group for men and women 
graduate students experiencingfrustratlon, 
(ear, disappointment and loneliness in their 
graduate programs. Leader: Hugh Pates, 
534·3456, and Robin Reed-Spaulding, 534-
3755 . Call for slgn-up. 
. 11 a,m.- MENTAL HEALTH GRADUATE 
SCHOOL OPTIONS: Counseling, psychol· 
ogy, social work: There are many educer 
tlonal paths to these flelds. Information 
about options, prepanng for and admiSSion 
to these programs . 
. 1·2:30 p.m. - GRADUATE MEN'S AND 
WOMEN'S GROUP: A group for graduat 
students interested In explonng relation 
ShiPS, academic/profeSSional issues and 
personal concerns . Leaders: Miriam 
losupovlcl , 534-0255, and Alvin Alvarez . 
Call for slgn·up. 
• 1-2 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
PEER COUNSELING with David . Drop by our 
office next to the Price Center library Lounge 
or call 534-3987 to make an appointment. 
. 2 p.m. - MARKETABLE RESUME: learn 
how to make a pOSitive first impreSSion with 
your resum . Career Services Center. 
• 2-4 p.m. - SPECIAL SEMINAR: Meet 
with returned Peace Corps volunteers . 
Career Services Center, Conference Room. 
• 3 -4 :30 - CHICANOjA LATINO/ A 
MULTICULTURAL SUPPORT GROUP: To 
discuss relationships, familia, parents, eco-
nomiCS, self-expectatlons and more. Leader: 
Dan Munoz, 534-1579. 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - LESBIAN GAY BISEXUAL 
WOMEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: A confiden· 
tlal weekly drop-in group open to all 
UCSD students . A friendly atmo-
sphere where you can openly dis· 

dents . Leader: Phil Raphael. 53«)252, Moun-
tain View Lounge. 
Saturday, Oct. 24 
.9-3 p.m . - IDENTIFYING YOUR CAREER: 
In-depth ~hourworkshop using group discus· 
sion and self·assessment inventories of val· 
ues, personality, Interests and skills to iden-
tify career options and leam career research 
techniques. Register at Reference Room desk, 
Career Services Center. 
• 11 a.m. - SAHAJA YOGA will present a 
FREE MEDITATION PROGRAM that is open 
to all . The purpose of the program is to 
experience self·realization and to understand 
how meditation can enhance your life. It Is 
simple and anyone can do it. Davis/Riverside 
Room (second floor of the Price Center). 
Clubl a. Meetlnp 
Monday, Oct. 19 . 
• 4 p.m . - University Events Danca- and 
Drama CommIttee Meetlnl: Student Leader· 
ship Chambers, third floor,l>rice Center. Plan 
UE events for next year and help run events 
for the current one, See shows for free and 
plan the future of arts at UCSD! 
. 6:30 p.m. - Model United Nations meet· 
ing in Gallery B of the Price Center to prepare 
for the conference Nov. 13-15. 
• 7 p.m. - LGBA Busln"l Meet· 
Ings - Get Involved with LGBA, 
you'll make friends and have a 
great time . Make it your busi· 
ness! Meetings at WTCC . 
• 7·9 p.m . - Allan 
American Christian 
Fellowship: Large 
group meeting in 
Solis 104. Topic: 
What is sin? The 
gray areas? All 
are invited, 
Questions are 
encouraged. 
Tuesday, Oct. 
20 
• 4 p.m. -Speaker's Fo· 
rum Committee 
Meeting in the Price 
Center Irvine Room. 
. 5-6 p.m . - Join 
the University 
Eventl Publicity 
Committee and 
get exposed to 
culture fight 
here at 
UCSDI 
We'lI 
w 0 r k 
wi th 

cuss questions of your sexuali ty. Led 
by Cheli and Lisa at the Irvine Room, 
2nd floor Price Center. 
• 6 :30-8 p.m . - GAY & BISEXUAL 
MEN'S SUPPORT GROUP: A weekly sup-
port group led by DaVid and Steve in a 
safe, supportive and confidential envi-
ronment. Student Center B, lower level 
conference room. 

the weekly 
CALENDAR 

Thursday. Oct. 22 
• 9 a.m .·1:30 p.m. - PEACE CORPS IN· 
FORMATION TABLE at the Price Center. 
.11 a.m. - ON-CAMERA INTERVIEWING 
SKILLS FOR EMPlOYMENT: Using video, 
Improve your technique through practice 

nd valuable feedback. Prerequisite: Inter· 
Viewing Skills WorKshop . Sign up at Refer· 
ence Room desk, Career Services Center. 
• 12·1 p.m. - LESBlAN GAY AND BI· 
SEXUAL PEER COUNSELING with Lisa. Drop 
by our office next to the Price Center Library 
Lounge or call 534-3987 to make an ap-
pointment. 
• 12·1:30 p.m. - PAN·ASIAN COMMU-
NITY FORUM: Drop-in group addressing 
concerns of Asian/ Pacific Islander students. 
Leaders : Janne Manese, 534-3035, and 
Alvin Alvarez. 
• 2:30 p.m. - SPECIAL · INDUSTRY AND 
THE PhD: Getting a PhD and wondering 
about job options outside academe? A~roup 
of PhD scientists who have used their lab 
experience as a springboard to other di· 
verse careers share their experiences and 
offer advice at the Career Services Center. 
. 3-5 p.m. - SOCIAL SKILLS WORKSHOP: 
Agroupfocusingon developing social skills. 
Leader: Lindsay Calderon, 534-0249. Call 
for info. 
Friday, Oct. 23 
• 8-9:30 a.m. - WOMEN MOLESTED AS 
CHILDREN: For survivors of childhood/ado-
lescent sexual abuse. Leaders: Beverly 
Harju, 534-2237, and Rick Whitehill, 534-
0248. Call for slgn·up. 412 MMC. 
. 11 p.m. -INTERVIEWING SKILLS WORK· 
SHOP: leam techniques required to be 
successful in the interview process . Career 
Services Center. 
• 2-4 p.m. - ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE 
ABUSE GROUP: Supportive environment 
for discussing problems related to alcohol 
and substance abuse. leader: Dan Munoz, 
534-1579. Revelle Provost's Office. 
• 4-6 p.m. - CAMPUS BLACK FORUM: 
Informal group for African·American stu· 

illustration by Nathan Erlin 
promoting 
and marketing the events sponsored by UEO 
and you'lI have the opportunity to attend 
them for FREEl First meeting, Berkeley Room. 
Price Center. Call 457-2839 for Info. 
.6 p.m. - GRADUATE STUDENT ASSOCIA-
TION Council Meeting to be held in the Stu· 
dent leadership Chambers. Call 534-6504 
for more information. 
Wednesday, Oct. 21 
. 4-6:30 p.m, - All welcomel Student Afflr· 
matlve Action Committee Meeting. Price 
Center, Gallery A. 
.5 p.m. - Hey SATCH Memba,. , don 't miss 
the next meeting In the San Francisco/ Santa 
Cruz Room . Join us for a great time! 
• 9 p,m. - Come to Hardcore Student FIlm 
Club meetings, MCC 139. ·Cheaper than 
fratemities. better than sex.· 

Health and fitness 
Monday·Frlday 
• FREEl Test your physical fitness and enduro 
ance at mSTOP. This Is an offer you can't 
refusel Come by the Student Health Service, 
2nd floor. 
Monday-Thursday 
• Do you ever sit and ponder how a beautiful 
act of torrid passion can leave you with an 
infection? Well , it can . New ponder - how 
many new and exciting ways can you put))n a 
condom? Run fast to the Women's Slixual 
Health Info SessIon and receive a free condom 
to start your trials withl Student Health Ser· 
vice. Call 534-1824. Mon. 2 p.m.; Tues. 10 
a.m. and 1 p.m.; Wed. 11 a.m. and 1 p.m.; 
Thurs. 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. 

Lectures 
Friday, Oct. 23 
• 12 p.m. - The Program In Religious Stud-
Ies presents a noon·hour seminar by Dov Nay, 
visiting professor from Hebrew University. 
The seminar is entitled " II there a Jewish 
Folk Rellllon?" Students, faculty, staff and 
the public are all Invited. Please feel free to 

Monday. ctolwr 19. 1992 

bring your lunch. HSS 4025 . 

Events and Recreation 
Monday-Friday 
• 11 a.m.-2 p.m. - From art exhibits to 
wheelchair basketball, canine companions 
to puppets, a variety of activities are 
planned to Illustrate the ·Celebration of 
Abilities· theme for Disability Awareness 
Week. Call 534-65744 or 534-4382 for 
more info . 
Tuesday-Saturday 
• 10 a.m .·5 p.m. (Saturday -2 p.m.) -

~Personal VIsions- show at the Grove 
Galleryfocuses ·outslder· art in an exhlbl· 
tlon of several personal works, Including 
that of Howard Finster. Mose Toliver, Mamie 
Deschillie and Patrick Davis. Local San 
Diegans Pete Taylor and Robert DeAndrea 
will also participate In the folk art show, 
which continues through Oct. 24 . 
Tuesday, Oct. 20 
• ~10 p.m. - Don't be surprised to see 
something different at the Price Center 
tomorrow night. Everyone is welcome to 
j o in In the singing & praise, or just watch . 
Operation Interpral .. 5. It will be a night to 
rem"mber! 
• 7 p.m. - The Pickle Family Circus ' 

1992·93 national tour includes "Toss· 
Ing and Turning," a clown comedy, 

which Will be performed in the 
ensemble's single·ring format 
in the Mandeville Auditorium. 
Wednesday, Oct. 21 
• 6:30-9 p.m. - Representer 
tives from more than 60 col· 
leges and u",verSltlties Will be 
on hand to talk With prospec· 
tive students at the llth Col-
lege Fair to be held in the Price 
Center, 

. 7:30-9:30 a.m. - The Warren 
Coil ••• Commuter Breakfast is 

back! Here's your chance to dis· 
cuss commuter issues with fellow 

commuter students! 50 cents for all 
you can eat! 2nd floor Lit. Bldg. 
Conference Room . 
Thursday, Oct. 22 
• 12 p.m . - Lunch on the Hump -
Come out and eat lunch with LGBA in 

one of Its favorite traditions. Bring 
your own food. 

. 12·1 p.m. - Come listen to "I Marry 
Mary" and enjoy burgers and Cokes in the 

Revelle Plaza. 
Friday. Oct. 23 
. 10 a.m.·3 p.m. - "Quest International 
- A study, work and travel abroad fair.· 
40-50 sponsors of programs . Free raffle! 
$50 Nine-West gift certificates, dinner at 
Cafe Amore, dozens of other prizes. 
• 6 p.m. - LGBA Bonfire - Enjoy the 
setting sun and the relaxing surf with 
LGBA. Bring your own food. Look for the 
Rainbow flag at La Jolla Shores starting at 

6 p.m. 
Saturday, Oct. 24 
• 3 p,m , - Two free toura of the 
UCSD campus, one by bus, one on 
foot, are offered this fall by the UCSD 
Visitors Program. The bus tours are 

the first and third Sundays of each 
month from the Gilman Information Pavil· 
Ion . The walking tours are on alternate 
Sundays from the Gilman Information 
Pavilion. Reservations; call 534-4414. 
• 5:30 p.m. - Alexis Smith's ~Snake 
Path, " the eleventh sculpture to be cre-
ated for the UCSD Stuart Collection, Will 
be inaugurated at the East side of Cen· 
tral library. 

Religious Functions 
Monday. Oct. 19 
• 7 p.m. - Asian American Christian 
Fellowship Prayer Meeting before large 
group in Solis 109. Large group meeting 
Solis 104 7 p.m. Topic: What is sin? 
Tuesday. Oct. 20 
• ~10 p.m. - Operation Interpralse 5 is 
coming tomorrow night to the Price Center 
Plaza. Come out of the closet, feel free to 
worship and praise. This will be a celebrer 
tion of adoration. Absolutely FREE. Mes· 
sage by Horizon's Dave Love and great 
music by UCSD's fellowship groups. 
Wednesday. Oct. 21 
• 6 p.m. - Supper .. rved to hungry 
students by townspeople of the Lutheran 
community. University Lutheran Church, 
across from Revelle College. 
• 7 p.m. - Bible ItUdy sponsored by 
Lutheran Campus Ministry. All are wei· 
come. University Lutheran Church , across 
from Revelle College. 
.8 p.m. - ~W"'t Is our Divine Purpose 
and Human Potential?" Led by Lutheran 
Campus Pastor John Huber. Everyone is 
welcome. University lutheran Church, 
across from Revelle College. 
Friday. Oct. 23 
.12 p.m.·2 p.m . - Salatu'l Juma'a in the 
Price Center, Berkeley Room. Anyone is 
welcome. 
• ~8 p.m. - Muslim Student Aslocl. 
tlon General Meeting will be held In the 
Price Center Santa Cruz Room. 
Saturday, Oct. 24 
• 8:30 a,m. - Students leave from the 
University Lutheran Church for a hike In 
the mountain. near Julian , For Info .. call 
Peter NOrriS, 452-6587 or 534-6398. 
Sunday, Oct. 25 
.10:15 a.m. - " Hymn. of Our Herltale 
Reformation Festival ." University lutheran 
Church, across from Revelle College . 

Monday, October 19, ]992 

ALL<AMPUS 

o 
z 
V) 

CHAMPIONSHI PS 

SAT-SUN 
OCTOBER 14-1S 

8AM-7PM 
... a IIIfIII c.tJ 

........... ..., 
Meals a WIIIIIII .... 

Melisl W .. lllIt. 
... .... t 

CIIJIIVIew 
UCID IIIcraIIoI 

684-4087 
falPles din DeL !2 

Call for 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

ames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

RtI .. m/, j'rir.tI(, """""hert . M'N/bt, ADA, CDA, SoeDS 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE PROFESSIONAL CENnR 
8950 VJIL\ LA !01L\ DR., SUITE 2103 
Tup Flur, J/Ilt bthi.d lh. EI'phOll! Bn, 

558·3490 
E,tni.,IJI & SilIU""" 

App6i.I,."W A MilRblr 

r--_~~n·UCSD --~ 
FLOWER BASKET 

_ F~';.!7R~~~Y* 
""W...... . $20 mmimum purthaa.e • within 5 mile radius or campus 

Exp. 1I12J92 as always, 10% off when you 
Not valid ~ilh visit the store ",ith your UCSD ID 
In,olherolTer. 

455.5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr, ( ill the Ralph's Center ; 
Prompt delivery. 7 days a week. Open daily am· pm 

ANXIOUS? 
-Sudden Intense Fear? - Palpitations? 

-Fear of Being Judged? -Avoid Socializing? 
-Sweating? -Persistant Worries? 

FREE CLlNJCAL RESEARCH 
TREATMENT AVAILABLE 

CALL 534-0776 

Greek 
Columns 

Next 
GREEK 
COLUMNS 
will appear 
THURSDAY, 
OCTOBER 22 

The UCSD Guardian II 

Cross Country's Trip A Real Adventure 
By Art Root 
Associate Sports Editor 

The last thing an athlete needs the 
night beforeacomperition isa long road 
hip. When the team's van breaksdown, 
a long road hip can become an a11·night 
adventure. The men's and women 's 
cross country leam endured such a jour. 
ney to place well against strong compe-
tition aI the Cal Poly San Luis Obispo 
Inv itational Sanuday. 

''Our van broke down up around 
Carlsbad," Head Coach Ted Van 
ArsdaIe said. "Luckily. our Iran porta. 
tion people were right on il BUI the 
delay added about two and a half hours 
10 our trip." 

Evenwiththetransportationtroubles. 
the women' leam placed II th out of 
12 while the men's leam flnishedHAh 

SKI: Mach one 
on the water 
ContInued from paae 15 
relatively low, so the water was hOOl· 
ing up and giving me a forceful, u • 
tained enema. After 10 seconds or so of 
that. I decided to go all the way and 
Slood up completely. II worKed, and I 
W'dS so surprised that after two seconds. 
I had to plash back down. 

.............. -~" 
The UCSDwaterski team competes 

during two seasons, the fall and pring. 
After its uccessful Westem Regional 
tOumamelll in September, the team has 
two more towneys left in the fall season . 
TheTritonstravel toSki West in Barstow 
for the Cal State Nonhridge meet next 
weekend, before heading back to Mis· 
sion Bay for the San Diego Stale tour. 
neyon Halloween weekend. 

" It's a very unforgiving port," 
Schniderwind said. "If you don't make 
that first pass, yoo' re done." 

Despile the pressure, competitive 
waterskiing can be pretty laid·back as 
Nell. "When you're out here prdCticing. 
'verybodyfrom San Diegocomesdown 
lere also. You end up getting to know 
~veryone in the area, "Bwtonsaid "Pmc· 
rice i pretty random, usually you make 
It down here twice or three lime, a 
veek." she added. 

w. SOCCER: 
Tritons slaughter 
Warriors, 7-0 
Continued from page 16 
who was watchingontherightsicle, 111e 
Trilon seemed surprised as the ball 
headed directly at her, but she quickly 
recovered and lofted the ball into the 
goal just over Weiss, who was scram· 
bling back. 

among II teams in the competition 
These fmishes are inlpressive, consid· 
eringUCSD,aDivisionillschool,raced 
against Division I opponents at the Cal 
Poly meet. "We gOl mocked around a 

bit, but we 
raced very 
well. The 
compelition 
wasextremely 
lough:' Van 
Ar dale 
said , "We 

raced against teams like UQ.A, Kansas 
Stale, and Fresno St.1te. We were up 
against the big boys," Van Arsdale said 

The wonlen's team was paced by 
Junior Viviana Rez.1. Reza's time of 
18:40 was ;1 personal record, good 
enough for 40th place. Sophomore 

75 .............. 
Gee was making the last runs of the 

day, and as he was getting ready, 
SchnideIWind explained what hi prac-
ticewould belike. "Nonnally, men ' 14111 
at 26 mph and go up jUSIlikethewomen, 
bul I Gee J is going to skip the fifSl few 
speeds and start aI 34," Schniderwind 
said, Afterdoing34mph. the boat would 
go to 36, the top speed for men, and then 
the tow rope would be shortened for 
every pass. It is the short rope Ihat makes 
thesportjumpfromdemandingtodown. 
right hard. Starting out at 75 feet. it is 
shortened at various intervals for each 
successfuJpass forboth men and women. 

The world record for the slalom is 
four·and·a·half buoys al 41 off, or 34 
feet of rope from the boaL ow consid. 
ering that the buoy~ are 38 feet from the 
boal, you can see why waterskiing gets 
very tough very fast. "AI that sholt a 
rope. the guy is fully e)ltended, hanging 
olllothe handlewilh his fingeItips,"Gee 
said_ 

Gee gOl through the fi~ two passes 
with no problem and the rope was short-
ened first by 15 feel, then by 22 and 
finally 28 feet. It was at Ihis length. 47 
feet, that Gee was crossing the wake at 
75 mph, as he went zooming from one 
buoy to the next. A, he rounded each 
buoy, he leaned in at close to an 80 
degree angle. aJm<>-'>l putting hi~ shoul· 

Karen Hinkle fmished in 19:25. "That 
was a really good time for [Hinklej," 
nOled Van Arsdale. 

Karen Longyear enjoyed another 
excellent meet. Racing forthe "8" team, 
her time of 20:53 earned her a promo-
tion to the "A" squad. 

Fre. hman Jane Zimmemlan also 
eamed a spot on the "A" team with a 
time of 21 :20, 

The men's te:.un was led once again 
by freshman JJ. Castner. Castner placed 
32nd, completing the eight-km course 
in 25:50. "He's been our point man all 
year," Van ArsdaIe said. 

Racing for the "B" lIquad, Mark 
ChWl's time of27:26 moved himlo the 
"A" team. Edgar Nidome abo earned a 
promotion 10 the "A" leam. 111e fresh-
man r.lJ1 the course in 27:27. 

der into the water. 111is i, where a 
skier's balance comes imo play. trying 
to ride the edge of the ski. almost para]. 
lei to. the water. He made il around four 
buoyslhcfirst run. but only two thenexi 
time. 

On his final pass. Gee. who was 
nur.;ing a sore sh ulder, hit the water 
coming otT of the third marker and 
grabbed for the shoulder. PrJclice wa.~ 
over for the day. 

Gee does this bener Ihan anyone 
else around. "He's the top ,Ialom skier 
in Southem California, no d ubi." 
SchniclelWind said. "He learned froma 
fomlerworldcharnpion, Leroy Barnett, 
and he just missed being an AII·Ameri· 
can last ye:.U' by one place, when he 

fini~hed II th al nationals." 
Why QuIt Now? 

Bwton. a senior who is entering her 
last season of compeling for UCSD. 
plans to keep on skiing after graduation. 
She probably spoke for the rest of the 
leam when she said "'There are a 101 of 
tournaments out rhere, ~ I plan 10 enter 
someofthem. lt'sa lot more 10 be on the 
course than to just go in circles around 
a lake." 

For More 1nfon".UOl1 
Tlte UCSD Il·aterski I~alll Irill be 

ho!dillg WI ill/ol7/1aliol/a! meelillg Oel. 
21.1'1 al 7:30 p.lII. ill lite Pricl! Celller's 
Salllll Barham mom. 

The Tritons just missed another score 
with eight minures to play in the half. 
This time it was Pugh showing some 
speed as she burned two Waniorsdown 
the left side and had the shot But she 
missed by inches and the ball ricocheted 
off the left post. 

Jason R~chi e/Guardlsn 
UCSD goalie Carl Schwartz had to make only one save on Friday. 

McManus kepi Dulock and 
Robertson out of the game for the start 
of the second half, bul UCSD didn 't 
miss a beat Only two-and-a·haIf min· 
utc:s inlo the period, Pugh connected 
when she took a Daphne Farnum pas'> 
15 yards out and arced the ball just over 
the fingertips of Weiss . 

The UCSD defense kept Wesanont 
totalJy bottled up, allowing only one 
shot on Triton goalies Cari Schwartz 
and KeUy Pearson. 

Wesanont actually put the ball in the 
goal in the second half, but a Wartior 
mistake wiped out the score. Westmont 
received a penalty kick JUS! outside 
UCSD's box. arxi gave a perfect feed 10 
Wanior Nicole Smith who got the ball 
past Schwanz. The pass wa<i a little too 
perfect though, and Smith was called 

otT sides. sity today. TIley wotied real hard in 
UCSD scored again on Pugh's sec· practice thi!> week. and it showed. We 
~ goaL ~ther Sears booted a cross were a 101 calmer out Ih 1\:: moving the 
ngh.t at WeIss. The goalie was lazy ball around, nOI just kicking iI," 
gettmg to the ball though, and Pugh McManus said "We've had a problem 
stepped in frontofherlopickup UCSD's starting the games. but today we g(){ off 
fifth score. to a fast start and they couldn't come 

Dawn Lee scored the Tritons' sixth back." 
goal, and then Robertson finished up the Robertson knew that the tearn had 
scoring when she took a pass from accomplished what it set oullodo. "We 
Johnson. Weisshesitated,~n took two felt that we had to work on our intensity, 
steps out and stopped agam. It was the and we talked about il before the game. 
wrong decision on rhe goalie' part and Everybody felt really good out there 
Robertson booted it over the confused today," the senior said. 
keeper. The Triton now face a lough 

On the day, UCS~ peppered the Pomona-Pitzer team on Monday, the 
Westmonl defense. taking 17 shots and latest in a series of imponanl ganles for 
eight comer kicks. UCSD. 

McManus. after several tTustrating Robertson and her teammates are 
games, was finally Satisfied with his focused on the Sagehens, "Everybody 
team's effort. "W~a 101 more inten· knows that we have to win." she said 



, " 

\' 

12 CLASSfFlEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Euphofia BBS, Brand NEWI 1200 and 2'llO 
bauds. Wildcal. FREE. Online SOftware 558· 
7104,24 hrs. (1011 ·10122) 

SKYDIVE TODAYI with SIIydMng ADVEN· 
TURES, Inc. S20 student discount. 800·526· 
9682. (1015-1213) 

Our hiking dub Includes .-yonelrom tour· 
ISlS 10 mounIIIJn cIImbet1 from 11141 city of 
KharIIoY In Uktalne. EvelY y.., we go on 
lOUrs and expeditions of YIIying difficulty 10 
the Caucuses, Pamlr, Tia·Shen and other 
moun. ranges 0111141 former SoviaI UnlOll. 
Our '-ling alhle,.. have conquered 11141 
8.000-meterpeaks 01 11141 Himalayas: Ev_t. 
Lhotse. I<lwIdIenjunga .00 Mwlaalu, We 
would Ib to malcecontacl with similar groups 
and individuals abroad who snare our Inter· 
est. " you are prepwed 10 sacrifice C8f1aln 
comIOI1I, we wi acquaint you with moun· 
talnous areas InllOC8lible to foreign tourists. 
For furth ... lnformatlon, pieaM wr~e : Andrey 
V. Shpak, SumskayaSlreel 1 18,18, Kharkov. 
UKRAINE. (10119·10122) 

These 
advertisers make you 

feel right at home with 
UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 

UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (Miramar) ............. 450·3323 
Fairmairs ..................... 222·0220 
La Sandale ................... 486·1 134 

UCSD EATS 
BJ'S Pizza .................... 455-0662 
Cafe Zero .................... .457-4365 
Mr. Ts Cafe ................. 755·7642 
Domino's ...................... 452·UCSD 
Grand Slam Pizza ........ 453·0286 
Sei'lor Pesca ................ 457 ·059 7 

UCSD AUTO 
C & 0 Auto ..... .............. 558·2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695·1990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom 's ..... ...................... 450·9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 

UCSD HAIR' BEAUTY 
Salon Hairisma ............. 271-181 0 
We Care Hair ............... 587·CUTT 
Young Attltudes ............ 457·3334 
Nalls by Jennifer .......... 560·0325 

UCSD HEALTH' FITNESS 
UCSD Bike Shop ..... .... 534-4279 
Being Fit ....................... 483-9294 
Family Planning ............. 535·1379 
Trim & Tan ..................... 455·0909 
Dr Ken Schlussel, D.C .. 558·3600 
!), Richard Barsan. DDS . 459·5565 
Dr. Sanford, DDS ........ .4n-4945 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
CiJ$Slcal Eye ................ 452·7374 
Eyes U' Jolla .......... 597 ·2020 
Dr John McDonald ........ 279·5858 
51ars Oplical ................ 455-5795 
V on Care ..... 578·6796 

UCSD FLOWERS 
F·c .... er Bas~'3t ..... .. .. 455·5545 
D'va Flowers ................ 558·6666 

UCSD MUSIC' VIDEO 
AJolofiie ....................... 459-FILE 
Mu<ic Trader ................ 693·146:1 
Video Gallery ........... 452·1766 
UCSD TRAVEL 
c- :r,'1 Travel ... . 452-C630 
UCSD TESTING 
HyperiearPlng ..... .. 455-1000 
MCA.T R ·'aw ............ 456-4848 

"nceton Review ... .. ... 695-9952 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co .... .452·BREW 
Old Columbia Brewery . 234-BREW 
Del Mar Sluft Pizza ...... 481-STUFT 
Torrey's ....................... 587·1 414 

UCSD ETC. 
Cal Copy ..................... .452-9949 
MD Labs ....................... 226-1733 
KlnKos .......................... 457-3775 
Name of the Game (Comicsl 272·GAME 
St Germaln's ............... 455-1414 
Zebra Copy ................. 457-1 007 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, Octob .. r 19. 1992 

WANTED 
UCSD MEDICAl CENTER needI lIMIIhy 
voIunt ... between the ages 01 I an IS tor 
a 2 hour study abou1 eye blinking. A $10 
~ plus p8I1Iing will be provided. 
CaI1 Deb 81543-2314 for mora inlormation. 
(10119) 

Classified advertising is sold in 15-woro increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only). $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others, Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 10 The 
UCSD Guardian) or presenJed in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m. Thursday for Monday's 
issue, and 3 pm. MondayforThursday's issue.1l1eGuardianreselVes the right torejuse 
any advertising including but not limited to companionship ads. For more ir(ormation 
call534-5416.Mailingaddress:UCSDGuardian,Ann:Classifieds,9500GilmanDrive, 
0316, La Jol/a, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

WANTED: Women 18-30 years with long! 
irregular menstrual cycles (Il0l long bleed· 
ing). Good recordIa must. Will pay $200. 
Call ~S5S- UCSD Schoot 01 MedIcIne. 
(10119) 

Wanted: Drummer. singer. baSIist 10 form 
..rioul bInl. Influences: U2. Pink Floyd, 
Van HaIen. Must be creaIhte and proficient. 
Call Luke, 558·2007. (101111-10122) • 

FOR SALE 
ASIC ~RHSHIPSI AppIic:aIion materials 
lor Winter internships due: 10123. P.C, third 
llocr. room 3.303. 534~. ('01111-10122) 
Quest lor knowledge ... quest lor the exotic ... 
quest lor the Holy Grall... ~'s all within rNCh 
at the Queet tnt_lionel FIIIr, FrIdIIy. 
Oct. 23, 1~3 p,m .• IntemaliOnll Center. 
(10119·10122) 

Still think of the Sun God 81 aome big, ugly 
bird? Maybe ~s time to gain a new perspec. 
live. SlUdytworMrawlabroad. How? DUESTI 

F~, Oct. 23, 1~3 p.m., tn.rNllIonIIl 
Center. (1 0119· 10122) 

Worfd-dass Adventure at prices artordable 
lor sludents. BAJA KAY AKtNG trips lor $95. 
695-1500. (10119) 

B·52·sNlOIen, Femmes - 2 extra lickelS tor 
Oct. 24 at Irvine Meadows. $26 each 000. 
Call Jenny at 457-9821. (10119) 

SNOWBOARDERS at UCSD unite I The 
'Shredheads- are forming a club for all inter· 
esled snowboarders and lor those who want 
to learn America's lasles, growing winter 
sport . Call Sean at 481-9608 for more Info 
and meollng dales. (10119· 1 0122) 
Daniela Ceblavillon, Del .... TV 38 Is 
currently accepting resumes forWinteriSpring 
Interns to produce, wrae. shool and edillocal 
news s,aries and PSAs. Othor duties Include 
marketing. public relmiens and adminlslra· 
tion. Contact AI P or ASIO or send cover lener 
and resum~ to : Lynn Yuen , Dan iels 
Cabievision 240 Tenth S,reet. Del Mar. CA 
92014. No phone calls please. (10119-10122) 

EMPLOYMENT 
LAW CLERKISECRETARY - Good typing 
skills: detail oriented : flexible: Kearny Mesa; 
S5.25lhour 560·8405. (9121-10119) 
SUMMER MANAGEMENT INTERNSHIPS. 
Most poslUons filled by Nov. Galn val. expo 
managing 6·8 emptoyees, customers, and 
suppUers, A¥g. earnings 6· 16.000 • . CaIl"Unl· 
versl ty Painting Pros.' Infclapp!. Call 800-
525-5877. (9121 ·1213) 

ALASKA SUMMER EMPLOYMENT -
fisheries . Earn S600+/week in canneries 
or $4,000+/month on lishlng boats. Free 
lransportatlon l Room !I board I Male or 
Female. For employment program call 
1 ·206·545·4155 ext A5976. (9/21 · 101 
t9) 

POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLE I .... ny posi. 
tions. Great benefits. c.II (800) 338·3388. 
Ext P·3387. (!I.'21-10119) 
EARN " ,500 WEEKLY mailing our 
circularsl. .. BegIn NOW I. .. FREE packell 
SEYS, Dept. III, Box 400, Cordova. TN 
380 1 8-4000. (9121-1 112) 

Earn $500·5'000 weekly slulllng 
envelopes. For details - RUSH 51 with 
SASE to: GROUP FIVE, 57 Gr .. nlr .. 
Drive, Suite 307, Dover. DE 19901. (1018· 
1 "19) 
PAlO MANAGEMENT NTERNSHIP. Gain 
marketing, sales, cuslomer service , 
production, IICCOUnting and human relations 
experience from the largest corporation in 
the Industly with the longest I)(oven track 
record . We guarantee 52 .500 in 
COl1ll8f1sation with vast opportunity lor more. 
Call Student WorksPainling (iormerly Student 
Paimers). 1 ·800-394-6000. Umiledpositions 
available. (101'2·218193) 

Part·time - 8-10 hrs.lper week - 0111ce 
assistant to help IIle , clean . answer 
lelephones. OIC. Close by al La Jolla Village 
Center. Call 457·1200. (1011S-10119) 
POSTAl JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
positions, GrMl banefits. Call 1-«10-333-
3737 ext P·3387. 

GREEKS. CLUBS RAISE A COOl $1 ,000 
Inlustoneweekl Pfus$1 .000 lor the member 
who calfsl And a tr .. headphone radio just 
lor caNing I -800·932-()528, ext. 65. (t OIl 9) 

ATTENTIONI ATTENTIONI Work· study 
students: If you want to gel tralned to become 
a counselor ·aide and work at local junior high 
and high schools, call EAOP at 534-4250. 
Pay Is $4.82Ihr. during training and $6.04lhr. 
upon placement al school site. If your 
pertormance is sallsfactory. we'll keep you 
on payroll when your work·study runs OU1. 
(10119) 

Looking lor bright, energetic, OUIgoing female 
student to serve as oompanlonllutor/driver 
for 14 yr. old Counlry Day freshman. 8·10 
hours per week. Pay open. 792-35111259-
6130. (10119·'0122) 

SERVICES 
Olga Bart - Electrologist: 1200 to '500 hairs 
per hour. 3788 Elliott SI. Student discounts. 
226·1962. (9121·1213) 

ucsd 
BIKE 
SHOP 

An authOrized FUji & Raleigh deal_er_. ---------1 
• BICYCLE S!~ 

All '92 Models MUST . 
150/0 0FF1 

----::-:: ACC£lSoR1ES 
10% Off ALL 

witb Bike Purcbase 
- •• Ihe COld1 I Bea" " t ftA•91 

. IS were $39.95 noW.... -
Blackbollom L)'CrCI T18b •• :;;. troft' st." 
~ eLADlSUMGU--

Located in the Student Center 
Open 10 to 5 Monday thru Friday. 534-4279 

WoodPlOC8lli9'Typi'Ig:~~. papn. '-bodca. .... AoaIaItF __ • 
w.. MIwy Am ~-94311. (!I.'21· 1 C)'t II) 

Grants, Loans, Scholarships. We can find 
IinIneiII aid tor rmy student regardless of 
grade pain' average or IamiIy Income. Guar· 
anteed. c.II toll Ir" 1 ·800-475·2288 ext. 
1519. (9121-10129) 

VlOiirWooIalesaons. You or yotI child(ren) can 
Ieamlranan'JCP8Iiellt8d.prdBIIicnaI1Iac:her. 
Now acx::epting !IUdenIs - aI agee and JeveIs 
weIoorrel Cal Conrad: 46IHl525. (9121 -1213) 

auALITY BARBEIUNGII La Jolla Barber 
Shop. 0uaIhy Batber, Hair Cuts $8.00. n60 
Faye Ave. SuiIe F, 459-5792. (9121 ·10126) 
ON-CAMPUS TUTOR living In Muir dorms 
24 hour service for Irahmen classes. Call 
558-8726. (9128-' 115) 

PIANO LESSONS from patient. experienced. 
local teacher. ClassIcal. popular, allevels wet· 
come. Joan Kurland. 457f!65. (9128-10122) 
ATTORNEY. DUI, l.andIont Tenant Clisc:rimj. 
nalion/Harassment. Immigration or Con· 
sumer Problems? AFFORDABLE STUDENT 
RATES. 450-6803. (10/8-1119) 
PASSPORT PICTURESI New a' Cal Copy. 
Only $5.95whikl you wait. Xeroxes and more. 
Near St . Germain·s452-9949. (10112·'213) 

CLARINET/SAXOPHONE/FLUTE LES· 
SONS. All agesIIevels welcome, Over 10 
years teaching .xperience. Call 698·2232. 
(10112,10122) 

WORD PROCESSING! DESKTOP PUB· 
L1SHING - papers: resum6s. man~, 
etc. Laser printing. Rush service available. 
Sharon 481 -7604. (101'5-10122) 

Vegas, 3 days hOlel, alrtare, meals. show, 
carS79.'perBon. New Wave Travel , 576·1 141 . 
(1011S-'1/5) 
Editorial - to help organize your writing. 
Marginal commentsifinaJ copies. Degree in 
Engtish. Joan 560·1831. (10/19-1 115) 

REUMESIWORD PROCESSING: Profes-
sionallyediled.lasertypsel. Resum6includes 
Iree Interview Preparation Guide. Pages Plus 
452-1240. (10119) 

Word processing Including various technicaV 
I)(ograms and graph. The Quick Typist. 581 · 
7212. (10119· t0122) 

PITCHERS! 
Killian's Red & Coors Light 

DAlLY SPECIALS 

SEIZED CARS, trucks, boats. 4whae1ers. 
motorhomes, by FBI, IRS, DEA. Available 
your area now. Cal 800-338-3388 Ext C· 
7556. (!I.'21-10119) 
Guitarl, 2 acouslic s1HIstrings. perfect con· 
dition, new strings. Stitlln box: 586·7928. (91 
28.1(122) 

1986 Honda EI~ 1 SO. low miles. IooksIruns 
good. $9501best. 490-1147. (1011-10119) 

PINARELLO TREVISO - ALL DURA·ACE, 
59 an, extra wheels, computer. must seel 
$9OO/0b0. 558·9365. (1015, 1 Oil 9) 

ARE YOU ~ TO BUY OR SEll. A 
CAR? I CIWI ~ you 8\IOkI1he haslIIerd Jrusn. 
lion. Save your lime ;rd money. Cal Mall: b" a 
free oonsuIIaIIon. 558-2575. (1 (}5-1 CY.22) 

Guitars. 2 acoustic steel strings. perfect con· 
dltlon. New strings. Still In box. S75andSl00. 
586-7928, (1015-10122) 

PRINTER·IBM compatible. C·ITOH wide· 
carriage, lener quaI~ . dot matrix. $65 obo. 
Cathy, 622·9669. (10/8-101'9) 

Macintosh Powerbook with external lloppy 
superdrive, Word 5.0 New wJ23 mo, war· 
ranty. Pete 299-5263. 925. (10112·10119) 
MACINTOSH PLUS. 20MB external hard 
drive. Modem included. Sohware. Excellent 

cond~lon . $600. Susana 558-7927 evenings. 
(10112,10126) 

Sony Discman. 8x o"ersampling. Mega bass. 
Can be used In home or car. SI50 000. 566-
8969. (10115·10119) 

King size Orfho mattress (extra firm) wood 
headboard. box springs, metal Irarne. $250. 
Oresser set (2 and 6 draw ... ). $40 each. S701 
set; standing lamp, S 15. Call awnings: 625-
0712. (10115·10122) 

388-33UHZ, 8MB RAM, 1.2 and 1.44FD, 105 
HD with stacIu!r co-processor - doI.ties 10 
210MB, malhoo-proces&or. soundbIasIerpro. 
stealthSVGAcard, T<initon .2~SVGAmoni· ' 
tor. MiaoeoIt mouse. 101 keyboard. Iocs 01, 
software, great for work or playl Call for mora 
Inlo. 519OO10b0. ~779. (10115-101'9) 

1985 Ford Mustang, 5.0 L~er excellent con· 
dition. oreat stereo. $4.000 000. 622-9165. 
(10115-10122) 

HAWAII: Kona. Maui or Oahu. 5 days hoIel. 
roundlrip alrlare 5319iperson. New wave 
travel 576·1141. (10/15·1115) 

TUESDAY Spaghetti Marinara, garlic bread, 
Italian sausage Dr meatball $395 
WEDNESDAY 3 piece chicken (BBQ Dr fried) . 
cole slaw & fries. biscuit & honey 

THURSDAY Beef back rib (12-oz.J. baked beans 
& fries 

FRIDAY Chicken enchilada, refned beans. rice 
& tortillas 

SATURDAY 8-oz. chOice steak (plain or 
peppered). baked potato. steamed vegetable 

Mr.!'s Cofe271 No. Hwy 101 755 7642 (I block north of Lomas Santa Fe) • 

Monday, Octobl'r 19. 1992 

1970 VW BUG CONVERTIBLE. Rebuilt en· 
gine good condition. Very reliable. White, 
lirst 52,300. tel. 695·9583 (10115·10119) 

Leaving country: Macplus+ 20MByte HD for 
$750. Nishikl bicycle 15 spds $150, 223 · 
5458 . (10115-10119) 

DeslQOerc:lothes, $5-$10each. Moving. Jun· 
ior sizes 3,5,7,9. Kristy 558-2161. (10119) 

Futon + lrame S99 unused. Full mat set 575 
Sofa and ioveseat still In plastic $285. Can 
detiver. 222-4771 . (1011 9- 1 213) 

RockIortf Fosgate Punch 30 high-end car 
ampIHi .... S125 000. Call Brian at 625-7929. 
(10119) 

IBM PC jr including color monhor, Epson 
printer, two cordle51 keyboardl. mouae, 
software, $325000, 586-"13. (10118-101 
22) 

Surfboard for sale: 8'3' good condition, $ I 00. 
Ask lor Aram 552.()920. ('0119) 
U2 lickels. Nov. 6. lour 01 them, great field 
seats, calV1eava message, 942-4128. (101 
19.1(126) 

Skis-M~a Integra SX 195 an Tyrolia 570 
bindings. Great condition. S 1 651best. Todd 
457·9710. (10119-10122) 

Morrissey tickets (2) for HaIIow .. n show a, 
Del Uar. S28.50 each. 452-71 02. (10119-101 
22) 

Dorm·slze refrigerator for sale. One year 
new, paid $1 00, asking $75. Juha. 622·1931 . 
(I (119) 

U2 tickets - Dodg ... Stadium - Oct. 30 
2nd row box seats, center (2) - S50 each 
000. Floor seats (2) - $15 each obo. Call 
450-4683. (10119·10122) 

PRINTER. EPSON LQ-510. 24-pin w/cable 
$175000. Henry 622·0919. (10/19·10122) 
MIYATA ROAD BIKE. 52cm, '2 spd, 
Shlmanolexuge pans. Aerobars + misc. 5330. 
431 -7025 Sonny. (10119) 

Bike: Men's Bianchi 83 em, $200 or best. Ron 
278·5529. (1 (119) 

Plane lickat San Diego-Minnesota. Dec. 14. 
Call Bren 793·0728. <10119· 1 0126) 

S900 obo 1983 Renault Fuego runs greal, 
just paid lor tags and srnogged, new alterna· 
tor, new radiator, engine ov ... hauled 10,000 
miles ago, originalowner,caN6t9·S49-3361 . 
(1Q/,9) 

SEIZED CARS. trucks, boats. motorhomes. 
4wheelers, by FBI , IRS. DEA. Available your 
area now. CaH 1~333-3737 ext. C-7556. 
(10119·11/12) 

LOST AND FOUND 
Found: Oakley sungtaues w/echechupiz, 
Identify for retum. or my gain. Matsumoto 
223-9503. (10119-Hl/22) 

HOUSING 
Roommate wanted: Own bedroom !I bath. 
Security bldg, underground parking, wash! 
dry In apt.. pool , lacuzzl. large weight room. 
racquelball court. Call Tom at 457 ·8'23. 
53701month or leave message. (1011 · 10/29) 

Male roommate wanted $300 a month. 1/3 
utilities. Own roomabove Mission Bay. Randy. 
275-4289. (1018· tOIl 9) 

Walk to campus l Own room, share bath In 
condo with UCSD lamily across Irom Mandel 
Weiss Theater. Pool , tennis, laundry. 53501 
mo. Includes utilities. Available 12/1192.455-
9678. (1018,10119) 

Roommate wanted. Pretty house 10 minutes 
10 UCSD. Master BR. BA. S320 monthly. 
Stephanie, 693-4366. (10112·'0119) 

Rooms avaible for rent in Clairemont. S223-
232 plus deposit. Call Karen at 54 1 -2073. 
(10115-10126) 
Share comlonable hOuse near beach In 
Encinitas. Sundeck, garden, laundry. Non· 
smoker, environmentally aware. 5375, 942· 
4804. (10119·10126) 

Room a"alfable in Mira Mesa house. 8 mi 
from UCSD, full amenities, quie' friendly stu· 
dents. own room. share bath, $2301mo. + 11 
5 utilities. Leave message at 566-0660. Fe· 
male only. (10/19·10129) 

AoonmaIe needed. Own beQooom in big ~R 1 
1l2BAoondo. l bIod<!rom scI'coI. UTC. buslines. 
PaIio, pool. jacuzzi.1Irnished. Cheap!n 53 1 7/rr'o. 
+ If.) utiI. Huny, cal 552-81n. (1Q/19) 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• 10% UCSD Di scount'" 
• Close to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

·With UCSD 10. Ellpi~ 12112JJ2. 

RnRICHARD E.BARSAN, DDS CAL L Diplomate. American Board of 459-5565 Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 470 Nautilus Street , Suite 212, La Jolla 
~t~ r ,r +~ 

.. ? LJa. LJ(]PY '%+ 
SELF SERVICE COPIERS 
VOLUME DISCOUNTS 

VELO & COMB BINDING 
BUSINESS CARDS 

PROFESSORS NOTES 
FAX SERVICE AVAILABLE 

3211 Holiday O. ("ext 10 Domino's Pizza) • 452-9949 
M·F 8 3~6 p m Exp 11 / 19/ 92 
SAT 10-1 WI'h UCSO to 

:Jlowers de 9if1s 
Costa verde Center 
8750 Genesee Ave, 

an Otego, CA 92122 
;;8-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNAnONS 
\101m pun.tu'IC ()(SIO •• fJ1IJfC 
'tIC \~..t ... h..nyulhn oK,-" 

e..,. 11/2,'/2 • 

Wanted: roommate to share furnished condo 
with two olllers, $360 + 1/3 utilities. Seven 
minutes Irom UCSD. Laundry. pool included. 
Want prelerabty young prolesslonal or grad 
student. Call 558-127B lor morelnlo. (101'9-
10/22) 

CSO ESCORT 

CIA IFIEDS 13 

534-WALK 
Room lor rent In condo. S324 ",so Respon· 
sible female wanted to join mellow house· 
hold. 457-0131. (10119-10129) 

5:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., 7 days a week 
Be Safe, Don', Walk Alone! 

Playmor condo 5 min. from UCSD 3BR. 
2,5BA. aU appliances. pool. lireplace. S 1 200/ 
mo .. 693·8259. (10/19·10129) 
Roommale needed - New condo in Mira 
Mesa. Master BR fully lumished. all ameni· 
ties. $400 + 112 uUlitlOS, 271-8995. (1Q/lg. 

PERSONALS 
MEX ICO: Puerlo Vallarta or Mazatlan, 4 days 
hotel, roundtnp airlare, $2751person. New 
wave travel . 576·1 '41. (10115·11/5) 
Singer ; Rock& Roll and blues singer with range 
and power of Orbison, Morrison. Woll . Wa· 
ters and Presley, looking to start band. Call 
Bradley, 622-9'65. (1Q/15·'0I22) 
GONZO KAYAKING: Learn Irom the best, 
see another world. Weekend baja trips lor 
$95.695·1500. (10/19) 

Sigma Nu - Thanks for a rockin' exchangel 
Love, the sisters of Chi Omega. (10119) 

ICRHA meets Wed .. 10121 In the Price Cen · 
ter Santa BarbaraiLos Angeles Room, 5 p.m 
(1011 9) 

Rainbow Weasel-LIVE at M.O.M Wednes· 
day at noon. (10119) 

Unlimited 
,Caples 
3.50 II. 

8.5 x 11 • 201 white 
autofeed or 8tH serve 

with lhi~ coupon 

You've paid your dues. 
Are you prepared to collect? 

Huw much lIloncy and effor~ have yuu spent UI1 your cducatll>O so tar? !-low 
many ,housand, of hours? And nuw 

, kil"- In addition to th~>e tests, we work throup; h 1\\ AT 
pa'''ges every tirne the da" meet,. Nothing- you cncounter 

on the MCAT should be a ,urpri.e. 
you have to take the :-KAT. I; 
there such a thin~ as overkill in A.. Rigorous wriling sample work " litua liun like thi ~~ 
Ilyperle;trning offers 
the most intensive 
I\\CAT prepara-
tion coul'he aVOlil · 
ab le. We work 
hard to make sure 
rou p;e t the mo, t for 
ynur dnUar. The Il1()!,t houn., 

PROFESSIONAL 

~&r > 
PREP COURSE'" 

~ 
the mo t motivating envirnn-
meI1t. rhe mn<1 curren t matcrial, and 
the m<1S t qualified instru cto rs avai lab le. 

The longes!, mosl complele. and mosl inlensile MeAT (ourse available 

You'U write f<lunecn h.llHlOur e.,a)". \ Vllil, thi, 
progra m typica lly improve, score, dramolical 

Iy, some Itllc\enb necd more help. \Nc'vc 
dcsi!J;l1cd one-on one writing :,c" ... ion~ (five 

weeks each) (or ' lUdents whn sri II have 
concern> about this important 'lIb,core. 

Help wilh Ihe applicdllon process 
\Nc won't abandun you after tbe 
1\1 AT. \Ve have inte rvi ew and 

12 weeks, 4 mertings per week (Saturday, uncby. and two week-
nights). More ,han 150 total hOU r>. No wimps need apply. 

appli ation resources ;t. weU '" C.II-
alogs and profiles on all 126 l) , '. 
allopathic medical schools. We 
have the Al\ fCAS application 
templdte on our M.tcimoshc, 

10 you can work on YOllr aprli-
L':.tOon until you're >.tisficd. Then 

2.5 hour pcr mcetinp;, 50 mectingl' total. 
Immediate feedback. No more than 24 student. in a d.l". 
Cnnvcnient classrooms and limes 10 fit your schedule. 

you can hL,er print the fin:tl versiun 
on our s}'btem and send it off. 

We design and le·design our MeAT (ourse for YOII " \Vc help you re- Iearn, rather than merely review, the 
conceptually·oriented cience and verbal marcrlal 
you'Unced to ge t a wi nni ng M AT sco re. 

All of ollr material- are uhJect to tucienl 
feedback on areJ~ of confusion. We conti nu.dly 

Specialized instructors who are experts in their field 
You :tre t'lught by Jour (not one or two) spe· 
ciali zed instructor,. 
1\11 in structors have earned at lea, ' a 
M:t;tcr'. degree and many have won tcach-
in~ award~ out,ide uur course. 

MeAT diagnoslics 10 fo{us your errorls, righl from Ihe slart 
You 'll take two computerized diagnostic test in addi· 

upgrade our cxhall>tive Biuloh'Y, Chemistry, Ph~'SI(', 
and Verbal materials to empha,i/-c the conceptui,kills 

demanded by the new funnal MCAT. 'Nl' nllw offer 1600 
pap;es of fclcuscd review material,. including hundred, 1/ 
practice que tions and ~ICAT ,tyle p."sa '1.:8. 

Any Qurslions? 
) u, t JQVC u, a call ut 

800-843-4973 ' 
tion to the two full -length MeATs we administer. Taking We'll make bure you 

gCI wh.!t you'vc 
(already) paid for. 

the first diagnostic test carly in thc course will ale rt you and your 
instructors to your weak areas in both science knowledge and test-uking 

t. III IL,' 
-WHEN IT'S TIME TO GEl' SERIOUS ABOUT THE TEST. SM 

J 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 



Monday, October 19,1992 The UCSD Guardian 

10% OFF 
LABOR 

I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda 
Mlhublsll. Isuzu Acura 

Minor Tune Up Special $29!.$55) 
1. Spark plugs Our tune up includes 8 lot mOle than others. It Includes: 
2. Distributor pomts 6. Adjust dwell angle to. Check undercarriage for 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes damages 
4. Adjust Timing 8. Check dutch 11 . Check cooling system & hoses 5. Check and replenish ali lluid 

and 011 levels 
9. Check lights 12. Road lesl 

35-point Major Service Special $69* 
ElItra lor fuel-Injected. Our malor tune up includes · (reg. $1 50) 

1 Compression lesl 
2 Valve adiUSlment 11 AdJUSI nmlng 20 lube front end 28. Check and recharge 
Replace· 12 Adjust dwelr angle 21 Ched< & replenrsh all baneroes. rl necessary 
3 Valve· cover gaskel. 13 AcfjUSI carburetor lluid & o~ levels 29. ROlalo Ufes (01 needed) 
4 Spark plugs. 14 Adjust aor & luol r3100 22 Chock electrICal system 30. Check ure pressure 
5 Oistnbulor poonts. m .. lUre 23 Check lor loose & lost 3 t lube door honges 
6 Condensers. 15 Ad,uSI steerong box bolts 32 Check all hotders 
7 Air loller. 16. AdluSI Clulch 24 Ched< brakes 33 Check cooIong system & 
8 Oolloltor. 17 Adjust brakes 25 Ched< clulch hoses 
9. Gas hit r. and 18. AdJuSI emergency blakes 26 Ched< IoghlS 34 Check axhausl syslem 
10. Engono 011 19 Check & adJusI exposed 27 Check undercarroage 35. Road lesl 

bellS lor damages 
Noo. I", G~ cars odd S20 T oyo,. &JpI1S add $3C Datsun 200SX ,.1/1 81P"rk pI<.<g$. odd $3S 

Complete $169* Brak~ Job $39* 
Clutch Job Special Frontor~:; · $80) 

We replace: I InSlall specoal new pads Brake lob Includes: 
I Transmossoon Inpul snail 4 Throwoul bearong or Inslali lear brilke shoes 

Better V I 5 ION with UCSD 
Eye Exams '$35 

Quality Name Brand Frames 
C300f<r5()(% less than retail) 

Student Health Services 
Optometry Clinic (next to Price Center) 
534·2802 
M-Th 7:30-4:00 p.m. 

UCSO Students and employees 
Some insurance accepted 

Are you considering theological education? 
HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
THE DIVINITY SCHOOL 

is holding denenl infonnation sessions 
seal (exeepl Honclas) 5 Polen !learongs 2 Draon old brilke lIuld 6 AdJuSllront (II drums) 

2 Pressure plale 6 New 1IansmoSSlOn ad 3 Inspec1 compIele and reat shoes 
hydr I I 7 Replace IrOnl rotor 3 Clutch dose 7 Road 18S1 au oc sys em seals (II rolOl . turn) 4 Rella hydrauloc lIurd 

NOli H)"<Irou'c pans are nol covered NOIlor 4WO Frono wh .. O 5 Bleed ennre bra e system 8. Road lesl 

Come leam about our master's degree programs. including Master of Theological 
Studies aod Master of Divinity Dull depee options and cross-registradon 

opponuniries widllhe 0Iber Harvard pduale flCUkies. 
O'IY' ''''8 Note Hyailk pellS are not enduded 

Brand new parts. Ask about special rates for engine overhauls. 
All our work has a 2-year or 20,OOO-mile limited warranty. 

'most cars All prices Include parts and labor. 

MEET WITH A REPRESENTATIVE 
DATE: Tuesday,October20th 
TIME: 11;()() am - 2:00 pm 

PLACE: Grad School Info Day, 
Caner Serv~s Center overseas AuDnoIIve Repairs 

8008 Miramar Rd, 
695-1990 

d ••••• +. Woth Ihls ad . Expires 1/12192 Call lor appoontmen1. All students, All majors; All years welcome 
1owong and renlal car avaolable Monday Froday. 7 30 am·6 pm Open Saturday. 

Title 

In PursUit of Ideas (retail $45 ) 

ommemorate ~'s 125 th anniversary with a stunning new 19 2~page gift book 
that ca/JtllreS the tremendous scope of the nation 's premier public university . 

In Pursuit of Ideas • 
• A Year in the Life of the Universit of California 

fi Q[UTIng UC 0 and the entire University community 
MmL' than 2 I magl'~ a nJ eight essnys capru re th e essen ce t,( U l11venty life . 
A mll~t fllr ;111 \l'hll h,l\'l' heL'n tllLlch eJ hy th e ni versity, a pe rfe t gift fur fr ie nJ:, an,1 fa mil y. 

\" ;ulah le ~el'temhe r 1992 . , bu ,II '; unrll~ hllobtme~. 
To order at 20% off retail: Call 1-800-924-3924 (M-F, 8 am-6 pm) or by facsimile at 1-800-640-6994 
(24 hours). Outside California, call1-S10-642-8000. 
Or send the completed form to: In Pursuit of Ideas CEB, 2300 Sha«uck, Berkeley, California 94704. 

Product No. Pric. No. of Copi •• 

NC·39760 $36 

Remittance 

Stale & Local Sales Tax (omit If out of slate ) 

________ .L~"' '''~g • -;.;"'''' ,~o '" = '_Y_$_7_. f_o_r t_w_o_o_r _m_or_e_) _______ _ 

o 
7-

'" 

14 

Check enclcsed (paYiiltlle 10 CEB) Charge to mv VISA. MasterCard . Amencan Express Card" Exp. Dale ----
Signalure Telephone ( 
Ship 10 Address City _ State __ _ __ Zip 

'* - -

Monday, October 19, 1992 

The sound is/ast. A tearing noise as the edge of the ski knifes through lhe bay. launchingacunainofwater 15 feel high from its side. The boar!' m in. a Master 
Craft ski model, is travelling fast, abott 36 miles an 
hour. BUI the skier. UCSO's Duane Gee, i making 
the Masler Craft look sleepy as he screams back 
and fonhacross the wakeat 75 milesan hour, oying 
to make the next buoy. 

He leans to his left, so low he's almost parallel 
to the water and staJts to come back up for the next 
twn. But his hand dropsjUSl acoupleofinches.jUSl 
barely grazing the swface and Gee loses control. 
lamming into the water. 

W elcome 10 the world of competi-tive waters1ciing and the UCSD waterski team. Definitely not your typical family-ooting-by-
the-<:abin-at-the-lake water skiing, competitive 
skiing is a sport that ''requires a high degree of 
athleticism, balance and agility," according 10 Bill 
Schniderwind. head of the San Diego Mission Bay 
Boar and Ski Oub and also an assistant coach for 
the UCSD waterski team. 

Now in only its fourth season, the team has 
quicldy risen to become the top team in Southern 
California AI last month's regional tournament 
with teams from:'1 over the West, the Tritons took 
third behind traditional powers Sacr.unento State 
and Chico State. JUS! missing a chance 10 compete 
in this year's national competition. If they had 
competed as separate teams, the women would be 
on their way to Aorida, as they picked up second 
place. Not bad considering there weren'l any 
women on the team when it was founded in 1989. 

As a club sport, the learn doesn'l receive the 
notoriety that the intercollegiate teams on campu 
do. Despite that, Schniderwind says, the team is 
doing well. "We usually recruit people that know 
how to ski fairly well , and that were usually good 
athletes in high school." 

Surprisingly, though, Southern Califomia isn't 
the waterskiing hotspot one mighl expect it to be. 
The two Northern California schools, Cbico and 
Sacramento, have always been strongerlhan any-
body in the Southland. To get really serious, head 
soUlheastAorida, Texas and Louisiana are the big 
three of waterskiing. with schools there offering 
scholarships to potential skiers. 

W e're at UCSD's Mission Bay practice facility. an inlet on fi-esta Island. There is one slalom course and one jwnp ramp in the 
m Kkile of the water, and a dilapidated little dock to 
the side. It's that dock that we head to first with 
team member Amy Burton, team administrator 
Alison Wahnsley and team captain Gee. 

It will be Burton that will ski the slalom course 
flfSt, while Walmsley, who has turned driving into 
a science, controls the boat. The driving must be 
exact because the skiermusr go through the course 
at a set speed, and if the boar is too slow or 100 fasl 
by just a few tenths of a second, the skier's pass 
won 'I count 

The slalom itself is made up of six buoys al a 
diagonal from each other, each one 38 feet away 
from the boar when the Master Craft is perpendicu-
lar to the markers. 

The UCSD Guardian 

A skier is awarded 1/4 of a buoy when they get 
past it, and l/2ofabuoy if they can tum the ski and 
get headed paraJlelto thecourse again. A full 
buoy requires the skieno make il all the way 
around and head back 10 the next marker. 

Walmsley brings the boat up to 26 mph 
as Bunon stands up on her single ski and 
sets herself for the pa.'iS, trailing on 75 feet 
of rope behind the boot 

BUIton suddenly swings wide right 
and dip around the fmil bouy, straight-
ens up and cuts back across the wake to 
her left to get around the next one. She 
ucceeds, and the next fourare as smooth as 

the firsl two. Time 10 tum around and go again. 
This time. Walmsley nttches the boat up to 28 
milesan hour. and again BUIton has no trouble with 
the run. 

Two more uccessful passes and then Bunon 
sets for her final oy. th is one at 34 mph. The ride is 
flO( smooh for the boat or for the skierasshe begins 
the run. The rope seems to have shrunk as BUIton 
makes the first twn and comes up to swing 10 the 
left again. At lhis peed she is jumping across the 
wake, and then immediately begiMing the tum for 
the next buoy. As Bunon makes the tum, the skier 
is leaning at aboUI 60 degrees, water fountaining 
up behind her, and comes shooting up for lhe third 
buoy. Nobody could make it look easy, bul Bunon 
has no problem with the final three markers and the 
boat heads back to the dock. 

A waterski tournament consists of three events: the slalom,jumping and trick skiing. Most of the skiiers compete in all three competitions, with the ex-
ception of some who, said Burton. "had a bad 
experience on the 
jump and wiped out 

bottom thar make riding it "like riding on ice. You 
can't really stand up with two of them; you just do 
the spUts. " Walmsley said. 

The trick skiers ride at about 14-17 mph infronl 
of the judges and have 20 seconds to perfonn as 
many stunts as po- ·ible. The key here is that the 
tricks don'r have to be any good; you just have to 
do them without faIling down. 

Stunts range from the 180 and 360 turns to the 
side lide, which means luming the ski perpendicu-
lar to the path of the boat and skiing idewa ys. The 
lop-of-the-line trick is the flip. in which the . kier 

jumps when cross-
ing the wake, get-

pretty hard . They 
somerimesdon'twant 
to do il again." II 
sounds rough, but 

At 34 feet, "the guy 
ting enough to air 
rotate back wards 
and land on thei r 
feet. Flips are so 

then again , every 
skiier has a little mean 
streak. in lhem. " It's 
fun 10 watch the fmil-

is fully extended, lough tilat while the side slide will score 
you 40 points. a flip 
will net you 800. 

time jumpers mess 
up." Burton said hMgIng on to the W~:u~ boat The collegiate-level jump is a five 
foot high ramp that 
the skiers hit at fuU 
speed, trying to sail 

..... lewithhls running on the same course, we spert a 
while on the dock 

asfaraspossible. The 
key is the timing of 
the jump, flO( neces-
sarily hitting it at 

fingertips. " 
beforestarting out 00 
thenextrun.Ifit had 
been up to me, 

maximum speed . 
The world record for 
professional jump-
erswho take offona 
six foot ramp is 2~ 
feet Forcollegejumpers?"Notquile that long. Not 
even close," said Gee. 

The slalom ski is much different then the jump 
ski, which is much wider with a small stabilizing 
fin in the back. 

The trick sid looks more like a snowboard than 
anything else. A wide oval, it has no fIllS on the 

-Du ... aee 
Ihough, we could 
have waited a while 
longer. becauseGee. 
Walmsley and Bur-
ton weredetennined 
to get me out on the 

water. Photogmpher Dan McDowell was eager to 
see me go too; he was seeing dollar signs as he 
anticipated the black:mai.1 money I would be paying 
to keep those photos out of circulation. 

Skis on feet. I was completely immobile; it was 
sort oflike walking with snow skis, only there was 
nothing 10 lide on. Walmsley guided me to the 

SPORT 15 

o 

D~ 

Dan McDowell / Guardian 

edge oflhe dock. saying thaI toget in Ihe waler. all 
that I needed 10 do was 'Just slide in gently." 
FoUowing her instructions. I promptly facepl;ulted 
olTtheedgeof thedock :md into the bay. With the 
skisoff my feet and flOOI ing off to never-neverland, 
I looked back al the dock for help only to ~ the 
Ihree team members and McDowell rolli ng on the 
ground. howling in laughler. "On your butt." 
Walmsley m:maged between ga.,p~ . "You h:lve to 
sit down and then go in." she wheezed. Convenient 
how I never heard that txU1. 

Finally the bom came out to get me. Skis 
retrieved. I tried to remember Bunon 's instructions 
from back on the dock: "JU.>I float there and bring 
your knees up to your chest. Keep your arms 
straight and after a while jusr roll back and ~tand 
up," or something likethm. The boat tos.<;edme the 
tow rope and took off. For Ihe first time around. I 
just flomed there like dead weighr: knees obedi-
ently 10 my chin. The next pass, I decided to do it. 
I WOl.'> going to stand up, and by golly, a wmer.-.kiier 
wou Id be bom! 

So I tried to stand up. I got my butt "bout 
halfway oul oflhe wmer, and Ihe boat speeded up. 
Kicking in the afterburners, the Mru.terCmft accel-
erated from its pleasant 15 mph cruising speed to 
breaking Mach one in just over three-founhs of a 
second. As I struggled to get the rest of my rear out 
of the water, the boat hit warp six and I saw stars 
flying past. So I decided to do the logical thing-
] crashed. 

I must have looked like those hydroplane races 
where the hydroplane tips over and hit~ the water 
ar 200 mph and disiJtegrates into liny bits. ExcefX 
I was going a lot faster. Both ski went tlyi ng as my 
legs bent into funny angles and I faceplanted yet 
again into the bay. 

I tried anothertimewith about as much success. 
and then came my moment of glory, my founh run. 
I focused on gening my bun up. I've never really 
focused on that before, bot I was bound and 
detennined 10 make sure il happened. 11 did. Sud-
denly I was crui ing Mission Bay on walerski,. It 
wasn 't the most comfortable experience. I was still 

See SKI , Page 11 



.' 

GREGG 

WHEnn 
The Super Team 

As we were watching the 
Redskins-Eagles game yesterday, J hn 
Madden remarked !hal if he could 
have anybody in the world to stan a 
team, he'd take Gary Clark and Reggie 
White to start a team. While he and Pal 
Summerilll were hemming and hawing 
about who ebe to take for their super 
team, the Overtime pos!.e wa~ coming 
up with their own team. What the 
Foguester, Downtown and The Big L 
were wondering wus, if you could 
chOOM: anybody, why 1101 choose the 
best? 01 Clark or White or Montana 

r Rice. If you want a ~uper team, 
you've gOl to get ~uper heroes. 

So withm a few minut~ the three 
were ready with an a11-!>IaI lineup they 
fell could. al the very least. give 
Madden or Summerall's learns a run 
for their money. 

Quarterback aplain AmeriC;l 
Who ebc? 0 one else givt!l> you the 
leadership of the Cap. Plus he's gOl a 
wicked amI from throwing that !>hield 
of hi~ around. 

RUlming back- Superman. A 
c\oo;e second for quanerback, bul hi~ 
unique and unsurpassed talents would 
be \\I35Ied at QB, unles.s lhey were 
running an option. 11le rule;, sp'-'Cifi-
cally ... ate lhal nying is nOl allowed, 
but his uper-hearing !>hould be u~ful 
for listening in on the OIher leam's 
huddl . 

Wide receive pidcrman and 
PI~tic Man. Spidennan givc~ you the 
1~lping abi lity ;u1(\ PI;\l,tic Man could 
always have two feet inbou~, even if 
the ball is he,:\ded into the ~tands, 

Tight end- Apache Chief. A 
relatively obscure hero, the Chief can 
ch:mge ~ize;,. Perfect for when you 
need the big bl king tight end and the 
~l1laller, quicker receiving end. 

Linemen-The Hulk and Colossus 
at tackles with the quicker Thor;u1(\ 
He-Man ut puUing guards. 11le TIling 
is a rock, liternlly, at cemer. 

r know you're wondering, "What 
about the Rash at wide receive(]" 
Well, he would be bener wited to 
cornerback, where absolutely no ore 
could !Je;u him deep. He also pulls 
time as a kick rerumer .. 

We've gOl a few other guys pulling 
double duty also. Supemlan gives us 
the essential hard-hitting strong safety, 
while Thor lll.'Comes a pass-rushing 
terror at outside backer. TIle Thing 
, ould clog things up in the middle at 
nose lad,le and the Hulk gives us a 
punishing middle Iireb:lcker. Pity the 
poor fulItxJck that has to bl k the 
Green Behemoth on a sweep. 

Don'l ask me how, but Chewbacca 
came up as another defen ive tackle, 
Actually il'~ a pretty good idea. getting 
that kind of animal ferocity on the line. 

We've even gOl a pecial t~ 
assassin: Dplain Cavem;uI. Nobody 
wou ld be more willing 10 throw his 
body at 11 wall than the Dveman. 

All the team needs now is a 
schedule. Maybe Lex Luthor is 
available to head up a team of super-
villains for the ultimate Super Bowl: 
''The Ganle to Save the World" 

The UC D Guardian Monday, Octorn-r 19, 1992 

Jason Ritchle/Guan1lan 
Jodie Robertson (far left) goes up for the ball. Robertson didn't score here, but she ended the day with two goals and an assist. 

Tritons Whip Warriors 
WOMEN'S SOCCER Tritons corne 
up big in win over Westmont College 
By Gregg Wrenn 
Sports Editor 

During most of Friday's 
women' soccer game, 
Westmont College looked like 
it only had ~ven players on 
the field Which was lOll bad 
for the Warriors, becausethey 
needed 15. 01 that the extra 

help could have hut down the UCSD attack as the 
Tritons blasted Westmont. cruising to a 7-0 victory. 

The seven goal outburst was just what UCSD 
needed. Despitean8-2-l record. theTritons have been 
missing the intensity that playoff-bound teams need to 
'ucceed, Friday, they found it. 

UCSD didn't wait long to make its mark. Katy 
Dulock had a comer kick from the right side 6:54 inlO 
the g;une. Her shot bounced back out to a waiting 
Am;u1daJohnson, positioned at the lOp oflhe penalty 
box. Johnson left-fOOled the ball hard and on the 
ground, straighl nt the right post. It bounced off the 
goal and shot all the way across, ending up in the left 
corner. 

Dulock got the assist on the Tritons' second score 
as well, a textbook goal that coaches only dre;un 
about. Dulock gOl the feed 011 the right ideline, just 
past the half lire. Turning around. the senior faced two 
Warrior defenders, Jennifer Harvey and Kathy 
Litchfield, coming up to challenge her. Dulock turned 
on the afterburners and simply OUlTa/l both of them by 
the top of the box. Jodie Robet'twn, meanwhile. had 
outrun herdefenderand was streaking up the center of 
the field Dulock saw her teammate and fed her a 

- .. 

Jason Rllchle/GUNdian 
Jodie Robertson outraces another defender, 
before Robertson grounded the balljlASt to the right of 
Weiss and in for the score. 

"[Dulock) did most of the work going down the 
sideline. We practice tOOie plays, and shejUSlgave me 
a perfect ball," 
Robertson said 

Dulock and 
Robertson 
witched roles for 

the Tritons' final 
goal of the first 

UCSD 7 

WESTMONT 0 

half. This time it was RobertSOn who picked up a pass 
from Carin Pugh and took off down the center of the 
field Robertson's hot ricocheted off Weiss. who had 

perfec\ cross that Robenson handled smoothly. The come out to challenge her, and bounced to Dulock, 
W~mont goalie, Kirsten Weiss, took two steps out See W. SOCCER, Page 14 

The Week·Ahead 

Tritons Spiked 
by La Verne 

The UCSDwomen 'svoUeyballreamsquan-
dereda 2'{) leadoverthe University ofla V erne 
Friday night, losing the match 14-16,12- 15.15-

1 , 15~,15-lOat laVerne. 
The ninth-ranked Tritons were expected to 

beat 13th-ranked La Verne:, as they had done in 
theHarry's-MizUllOtoumamentjustlWOweeks 
ago. 

LalU'a Kranz and Megan Lucas led the 
Tritons with nine kills each, 

The Tritons, now 6-13. hope to regain their 
coofidence for a Division II match against 
Chapman College, and more importantly for 
the WashingtOl1 University Invitational Tour-
nament this weekend in SI. Louis, where the 
best Division ill teams from around the coun-
try will be competing, 

- Julie Shenn.n 

Dan McDowell/Guanlfan 
Laura Kranz 

The Headline Matchup: Men's soccer ¥s. Southern California College, today at 2 p.m. at North campus Rae 
Other games: Women's soccer vs. PomonaPitzer, today at 4:00, North Campus Rec, Women's volleyball at Chapman College, Tuesday. 

PageS1 Mol day, 0daI:. 19, 1992 

Arena: 
What was your 
most 
embarrassing 
moment? 

"1 crashed into a 
big red obvious fire 
hydrant as I was 
checking out a 'hotty'," See page 53 
-DalUl Goldfarb, Third Senior 

.-- ......... ..-..---; 

Dan McDowell/Guardian 

• 
B Y BEN F R E U N D, F EAT U RES E 0 ITO R 

"All right, now here's the plan: The enemy is armed with serrli-automatics, so let's split 
up. Four of us will slip to the left, and you four go scout to the right. The rest of us will tear 
straight through the center. And remember, guys, if you get shot up, don't make as much 
noise as you did last time." An odd mix of "capture the flag" and boot camp, paintball is 

no longer just for wacked-out survivalists and juiced-up Rambo wannabes who are liable 
to rip off their left anns in the heat of play because it "makes me harder to hit." 

SeepageS4 

As if School Isn't Hard Enough 
The entire gym ends up smelling like burnt rubber during a game of wheelchair 
basketball, says Third senior Fred Chambers, who is visually impaired. It will be a 
featured event during Disabilities Awareness Week, which kicks off today. 

SeepageS2 



S2 PECTACLE The UCSD Guardian Monday. October 19. 1992 

As if School Isn't Hard Enough 
By .JeaIc. VI PInC Fone 
Guardian Reporter 

The smell of burning rubber comes not from the soles of high-
top OOsketboll shoes, but from the flWl)' of skidding wheels. "It' 
violent!" exclaims Fifth College senior Krista Aores, president of 
the Disabled Student Union (DSU). 'They're wheeling across the 
room at about 90 miles per hour bumping inlo each orhet, falling 
off onto the floor, and then JUSl picking themselves right OOck up. 
It's really quite impressive." 

Wheelchair basketbalJ is JUSl one of the events featured during 
Disabilities Awareness Week. which kicks off today. The week 
will be devoted to helping other srudents realize that disabled 
people are, among orher things, just as capable of throwing a 
lxxIy<heck as the next guy. 

"TAB" is a tenn that someone with a disability might use to 
describe a nondisabled person. The acronym stands for "'Tempo-
rarily Able-Bodied." While T ADs clearly make up the majority of 
the student population at UCSD, there is a sizable population of 
about 450 disabled students on campus. This number includes 
tudents with observable, as weU as unobservable disabilities. 

And according to UCSD's disabled students, grealer 
awareness of their capabilities and needs is a crucial step toward a 
campus atmosphere more hospitable to disabled people, 

A~ ... 
Organizers are hoping that this week' · Disabilities Awareness 

Week will help to educate OIher students on campus about people 
with a variety of disabiliti . Roberta Gimblett, director of 
Disabled Student Servi ' (DSS), is excited about the calendar of 
events. "'Thj~ i!> a d rway of trying to create awarene&. about 
disabiliti . It happen.~ once a year, there are a variety of activities 
and all the people involved have disabilities of ne kind or 
another." 

Prominent disabled entertuiners including CJ. Jones and 
comedienne Gcri Jewell. ~ well as various musicians, will also 
taJ..e part in thi~ week's a(.1iviti~. 

StudenL~ agree that the main point of the week i~ for disabled 
pc pie to show everyone that they can overcome most of the 
nb-tacicl. broughl on by lheir disabi litie:.. 

atacha R:mey. a Muir senior who is partially sighted. say!> 
that "lIden~ on this campus are generally more mature and more 
aware ubout ~IUdell~ with disabiliti than are the faculty. Third 

liege >eni r Fred 01ambers. who i~ v~ually impaired, agrees. 
saying thaI everyone is generally "cool" in his classes. Professors, 
however, are sometim . seen as not being aware enough to 
provide ~ r the need.<, of such a diverse group. 

Raney ~ayl> Ihat the faculty needs to be better educated. he 
remembers explaining her impaired vision to one profeswr who 
responded lhat ~he l>houldn't have enrolled in the fin-t place. 

O1amber.. reports that the lll<hl formidable oh,ta les for him 
arc unacccpting atlltude" tO\\ ard his vi~ion impairment. A~ for 
getting to c1~. 'Tve been here ~ long. I've memorized the 
whole [campu,I:' he says. 

"111<:1\: an: .I few people who are not ur to the W,I)'S of the 
world:' !>.1}l> Chambcn.. He fin b mo.,t profe"sors to be reru.onable 
and open-minded. but a few h3VC come :K.T<J:>:, as l>Omewhat 
unhiendly towards him in the past. lie say" he remember.. two 
profCl>SOrl> in particular who lICelllOO as though they were trying to 
make being in c1~ as hard as possible for him. They were 
unsympath.:tic, he recalb, and txxh seemed to be afraid of him. "I 

Sidney Lyncn/Guaroian 
Krtsta Aores uses a scooter to lead campus tours 
don'l know where they were mised, but probably nor around 
here," he says. 
..... autDlrel.wt 

Gimblett say thar people with disabilities have widely varying 
personalities jUSllike everylxxly else. "You have people with 
disabilities who are snotty. You have people with disabilities who 
are sweet, even-tempered. Most of il is just the outside thar people 
are looking at. A disabled person is just as talented as anyone else 
is, and I think our campus has to remember that our students with 
disabilities wouldn't be here if they weren't extremely bright. 
They had to use the s:une criteria to get in here, and once they're 
here, they have to work ten times harder." 

She also says that it's difficult for people to tep out of their 
"comfon zone" and lend suppon to disabled people who may 
appreciate it. "You need to ask yourself, 'What would [ do if this 
were any other person? Would I offer a smile? Would I offer a 
handshake? If somebody else were at an elevator and they were 
truggling, would I offer as blance? If the person i in a wheel-

chair or Ls nOliceably blind, why would I be any different?' I 
would ask them iflhey need 3.'>Sismncejusl like the person who' 
got five bags of groceries." 
Acelll"Y 

Yet there are SliII many Ihings which are nol ~ible for many 
of the disabled students of UCSD to do, especially when it comes 
to the accessibil.ity of campus pathways and faciliti . 

'This i one of those politically sensitive areas because this 
campus. as a whole. i~ trying really hard 10 make it more 
accessible." re~ Gimbletl. "Unfortunately, certain places just 

were not made - not inIentionalIy - but JUSl w~ not set up for 
people using whecIchairs or people using crutches or br.lCCS." 

Fcder.II and stile laws mandate thai an educa1ionaI instirutiM 
must make its prograrm and facilities accessible to people with 
disabililics. But many SIruCtUreS on campus were built before the 
laws were fmalizcd in 1974. Recently, however, the American 
With Disabilities Act was put Uto effect. 

"It was then thai this campus started taking a progressive look 
and staJtcd trying to change it Now it's taking a lor of swveys and 
looking to [renov3le] every facility, every pathway and every 
parldng spot." Gimblett says. 

"lbe law has two sets of codes:' Aores says. 'The university 
is foUowing the less strict of the two. Legally, they're doing the 
right things. but it's still not convenient enough. If you're being 
nit-picky, there are still a lor of things wrong," She cites, for 
example, a bathroom in the Price Center in which "the toilets are 
nor elevated and there needs to be a much larger turning ruea for 
people in wheelchairs or on scooters." 

Doors which require a lot of pressure to open also pose an 
enotmous problem for several of the disabled srudents on C-dITlpus. 
Troci Powell, a recent graduate who uses a scooter and is 
continuing to take classes for medical school, says thai disabled 
students have a hard time trying to get through heavy doors. "It' 
really hard when you're in a scooter and the door opens towards 
you instead of away from you." The set of double doors at the 
entrance to the Warren Lecture Hall is especially challenging for 
her, she says. 

PoweU often has a problem finding herself a space in lecture 
hall classes to listen. Because of the size of her SCOOIer. she need<; 
to sit either in the very front or in the very back, but people are 
sometimes crowded all over the floors in the OOck and she doesn't 
want to run them over, so he usually has to try and get to class 
early so that she can fmd a spot in front If she's late. everyone 
knows because she has to come in through one of the ide doors 
by the blackboards. ,·!t 's difficult. Sometimes the doorl> are still 
locked because someone has forgotten to unlock them.·' she says. 

For Raney, the steps located in various areas around campus 
prove to be a major frustration. She has no depth perception and 
considers it extremely important that stairs be marked for 11'iC by 
the disabled. She needs to be able to sense some kind of texture 
change in the pavement so that she can make it down the stairs 
safely. This means that at night when she uses her c· , she wants 
to be able to feel the series of ridges before the next step. 

"I see UCSD putting stairs where a ramp can fit," remarks 
OIam~:-"1 see the campus trying to follow the Roman motif. 
You go up a few steps, walk a few feet, go up a few more steps. 
What's the poinl? rve fallen before because I walk around school 
thinking about my classes instead of watching out in case there 
just happen to be another step. 

"You know Star TreA1 WeU, on th~ show you never see 
anyone opening a door or having to go lip and down ~tain-. 
Everything' flat. I'm sure that this is how our future will be. If we 
take eps to make it happen now, then we'll be that much farther 
ahead ofthe game:· 

The UCSD shuttles are not accessible to many di . Ibled 
l>IUdents because they don't have a lift. Additionally. there i only 
one UCSD van equipped with a wheelchair lift for the entire 
disabled student lxxIy an campU!>. Because of a neuromuscular 

See ABLE, Page S8 

WE'LL ERASE YOUR 
COLLEGE LOAN. 

CONTACT LENSES 
1 HOUR SERVICE (IN MOST CASES) 

-SOFT DAILY WEAR -, I SOFT EXTENDED WEAR 
If you're tuck wiUl a ' ludent loan that' not 
in default, the Army might pay it off. 
If you qualify, we'll reduce your debt by 

~" up to a $55,000 limit for each year you 
serve as a oldier, 0 after ju t 3 year 
you 'J[ have a clean 'Iat . 

You'll al 0 hay training in a choic 
of kill and nough If-a uranc 
to la t you the r t of your tif . 

Gel all th details from your 
Army Recruit r. 

ARMY. BE ALL YOU CAN BE: 

$89 COMPLETE* : : $1 09 COMPLETE* 
~t~~n~y. Expires ~~ -.J L ~1~U~ only. Exp I 112m 
NO EXTRA ' Complete package Includes eye exam, fttUng, fn p, care 
CHARGES' ldl, I pair 01 soft lensfs for neanlghtedness (Call .r brands at • these prices). 

~~~~A!!E $169 COMPL E 
• Complele package includes eye t m, lInlng. 

10UOW-iJp, 3-month supply of contacts (Acuvue or Nuvue) 

$249 COMPLETE 1 FULL YEAR 
.SPOSABLEPACKAGE Complet. package Includes ~ exam, filling, 

Iollowllp. I.y • ., supply 01 contact, (B '" L MedaU.t) 

UCSD 
MIRAMAR 

578-6796 
6780 Miramar Rd. 

2 mi. easl of 805 
(behInd Cart', Jr.) 
5 min. from UCSO 

LAMESA 
ELCAJON 

668-4536 
2860 Fletcher Parkway 
Com~ 0/ Fletcher & NaVltjo 
(Vons/Marshalrs Center) 

ESCONDIDO 
SAM MARCOS 

432-6331 
132G-D E. Valley Pkwy. 

I IlL east 0/ Palomar Hospital 
(Trafalger Square) 

OptometrIsts: Dr. Bruce FIIIMTZII .... Dr. tick IEL8Y 

Monday, Octob.-r 19. 199"2 Tht> UCSD Gllardiun SPECT.\ CLE S:i 

~ 
~e 

~b 
., 

In high school 
on Opposite Sex 
Day, where you 
dressed up as the 
opposite sex, I 
didn't want my 
mom to know I'd 
dressed up as a 

Photos and Interviews by Jennifer Vann 

[was in Au -
tralia and I was 
riding th subway 
that was really 
crowded. I de-
cided to get off 
the train by 
jumping while it 

I 
girl. So I changed my clothes on the way 
home, but I forgot to take the lipstick off. 
When I got home, my sister came out and 
starred laughing and pointing at me, and I 
didn't know why. 

What was your 
most embarrassing 

moment? 

was still m ving, but [D rgot about that 
"phy ics thing," and [ went flying face-
down on the ground, and limped away 
with everyone watching. 

Damon Lou, Warren Senior 

This guy called 
me on the phone 
and claimed to 
know me. I didn't 
want to offend 

What are 
you talking 
about? I've 
never done 
anything 

him in case he was embarrassing. 
an old acquain- I'm perfect, 
tance. I spent an 

hour talking to him and it turned out to be 
just a crank call. 
Chih-Ming Lam, Muir Sophomore Paul Skibitzke , Warren Senior 

HALf PRICE STUDENT RUSH AT AU PERFORlWKES! 
IN THE MANDEll WEISS THEATRE 

OCTOBER 20 THROUGH NOVEMBER 29 
. ............................ . 

i~l--
. ............................ . 

by William Shakespeare 
Directed by Des McAnuff 

The timelessness of Shakespeare's romantic comedy Much Ado About 
Nothing comes 10 life in n10dem day LA. as 8eotric:e and Benedick 
find that the harder they fight, the harder they fall lin love, that is!) 

Half price student rush tickets available at 011 
performances' to full-time students presenting valid 
studentlD. Rush tickets go on sole one hour prior to 
curtain and must be purchosed in person at the box 
office. Limit: two rush tickets per valid student ID. 
'except October 25 evening ond October 31 mo~,-

FOI MORE INFORMATION: (619) 235·8025 

GET RELIEF ••• GET RESULTS ••• GET HEALTHY! 

CHIROPRACTIC WORKS! 
·Since 1980, the goal of our practice has 
been 10 find and remove the cause of 
your healtll problem, rather than ju t 
symptom relief - - witllOur co rly drugs or 
surgery .• 

• Student & F.lcuhy Discount; 
• Auto, Work & Sports Injuri~ 
• 'nsur.lnce Accepted 
• Open Dai ly 9 am·7 pm 

and Saturday 

CAll TODAY FOR AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE 

558-3600 
""0 ( OST INITI" WtNAt I\AM 

\'1<1> (ON.,l, L TATION 
8899 University Center lane, Suite 150 

10CAltcd at 1-5 and La j.:>l la Village Drive 
acros:; from HV~u Aventine 

Vanessa Handley, Muir Senior 

On prom night, 
I honked at a guy 
after he cut me 
off. At the next 
light, he got out 
fhi car anJ 

walked over to 
me and my girl ~ 
friend. He was 
hug . I thought I was going to die. But he 
only asked us where Highway 78 was. 

Bobby Rose , Fifth] unior 

Visit our optometry office, dcdic;!tcd 10 providing your ('ye~ wi th the 
person;!1 attention they de~erv('. 

r------------------------ -----, 
I $30 00 Complete pair of eyeglas e . I 
I Con:plete contact lens packag : 
: • DeSIgner unglas e . I 
I OF F -Offer expires 1112192 . coupon musf bt, I 

prescnled al time of order. I 
I _ Onc coupon per cuslomer. I 
I - No olher discounls apl" Y. L _____________________________ ~ 

Dl',igm by : Giorgio Armani, Ra lph lauren Polo, Cazal, Chri tian Dior, 
Bob Mackie, Chrisl ian lacroix, Valenlino, Hugo Boss, Lind 11l,1Il y lllOf(' . 

Eyes of La Jolla 
O PTOME TRY 

Dr. jefrrc'y Marbon, OptonlPtri<,r 
At Univer ity Towne Centre (Next to Nordstrom) 
~<l1 7 L.1 1011.1 Villilgl' DriV(', ~.1n [)ir~(] ( A '121 .,) (61 '.I ) 'lfJ 7-2020 



.' I M,,""a~ . (kt"I ... ,· I I) . I I)I):! Thl' UC 0 Gllor(liun SPEC'r \ CLE S5 

Whizzing Neon Juice Balls, No Weirdos \\ hich h:Ulg at the ba.~ of a large hill . on opposite sides. 11le object of the COIll~t i .. to either tag everyone on the other learn \~ith paint "plms. or to sneak ~eahhily through their rank~. grab their nag. and bring it ba "- 10 your 
own ide withoul gening tagged 

your.;elf. 

dc:,cribes as "a thousand-fold in rease in safery over whe\\: it w:rs 
even five years ago." Because of til<! game'~ inherent d1nger. the 
people who play and til<! fields that are in the business to make 
money from il enforce Ihe safery mles so ~rictly Ihat "you really 
have to injure your.;elf: it's very han! for someone 10 do it for 
you," Il<! ",ys. 

know. The g:UllC it~lf doe~ not promotl: W:U·. It promotes 
reamwork. That\ what it', for." 

App:u'I!ntly he b nOl alone inlhis Ix:lief. Both he :lI1d M:m.hall 
are vbiled frequently by groups from Fomme 5uO companies 
hoping 10 use the g:Ulle a~ a \\ay to evaluate and develop 
Icadership :Uld promote cooper.llion Ix:twecn ils employee, and 
rn:U1agernenl. By Ben Freund 

Features EdItor 
All righl now here'!> the pkU1: The enemy i, :UlllOO wilh ~mi­

automat ic ... so let \ 'plil up. Four of u, will , lip Ihrough the r.1\ inc 
to the left. and you four go '-Cout lhe high ground to the right. The 

re~ of u, will go learing ~trJighlthrough the c':llIcr. Rcmemlx:r. 
guy,. if you get ,h IUp. don'tma"-e :t ... much noi...: ;t .. )OU did 1,1\1 
time. 

"At that.point, typic:tl l) til<! \\ hl,tk: hlo\\\. :md they ju,t ~ind 
or all ~tare :11 c:lch other :md find a btl .. h and ,it," laugh, Barry 
Orinda. o~ner of Borderl.lIld .... a rL"CreJtional area in Ot:l) \\ hlch 

"'ufl<!" ' i~, palrllb.lll g,ulle~. lie e~t "nate" that ahoUl (1( ) of the 
nllle Illlilion people \\orld\\ Ide \\ho enJoy Ihe gro\\ ing ~port II\e 
inlhe ':Ul Diego area 

l11c idea behind p,lIl1lball ha,n'l ch:Ulged ll1uch \lnCe Ihe g,lIl1e 
'lIrt~lcLxI about 10 y~aJ'\ ago aillong th..: p<Jt:"..:I-proteclor-and· 
call1ollfla,ge''':l Pla)cl\ amllh":lll\cl\e\ \\ itlt 'fX"CI.III) d':\lgnl.'d 
gUll, Ihat ,hoot IMlf-illl:1t cap,ub lilled \\ ith blight p.lin!. :uKl 
enga),!.:: e;lch other in the wildcmc .... , in COI1l..:,t .. of ... ~ill and 

"'lI~llegy. In ather word ... the}' .. hoot p:rilll h .. t II ... at e;lch oth~r. 
An odd mi\ or"capture the flag" and bcxll camp. It· ... e'L'} to 
~e \\ h)' m;UlY ollhidcr; \I i II a,\{)(:i.lte Ihe game with W:lcl-.oo-oUI 
... lI1'\lvilli.,b :U\d juiced up Iy I,ll lone \hUlnabe who are liable 
10 np oil' Iheir kft mllh in the 1Ie,It 01 play lx'Ca~ il "1ll,rJ..e\ me 
Ilard ... r In hit." 

"I\c ne\er n:!<11I) h .. ld a I.mallc llut hele." \'[I}' Tlln M.[I'\h .. llI . 
\\lIn operalc ... "WL'C" ... nd WamoJ'\" In Alpin..:. "I gOlDlle gU) \\ ho 
tlimb he\ Rambo. We called 111m Rlc"y R,unbo. -nlo"': people 
\\ hn ClI"t tlllkrcllllatc ho.:l'\ cell thl' g,lIlle ;md rc • .lllt) are (Niall) 
lhtr.I<.·III.:d 11) e\CI)Olll: el...:. 11l1: liN lime hc got out tll<!n:. Ito.: got 
... hot \t)uan.: ill the h.IL" b) hi ... 0"" t':.lIlIl1I.lto.:. It \ Iny houolll IIno.: 
nile. \10 R:II11bI.1Il'l'o." 

\1.1I,h .. 11I ICPOI'" th:1l \\ :u VCl\;r.U1, IOlfel), pia} p.llnttxlll 011 hi .. 
lick!. "11le) ju,t dOIl't ,o.:c an) gallic ill it." he \:1) .... ",\1mt people 
\\ 1I0.uc gUll cr.v~ don't COllle out to pla\ p.lilltbaJl. It·., the 
'1I01l)!..: 't anti-\\ .11' ~.\pt:ri":IlCC )(lll (,111 ha\ c \\ ithout h.lving gone 
to \I.rr. It \ '0 c""') to gct ,hot. E\CI) bnd) ~o.:l\ ,Iwt. It rn .. rJ..c\ )OU 
.lpplc'l: I.ltc the [lI:opk 1\\ 110 I gil 10 \\ .11':' 

nln~ \\ hn do play are your I) pical adrcn,lline junf..ie\: 
l.'Ol1lpUler j(lC"-c~ .... lb~-boulld UI banile\. anti olhcr IX'ople \\ ho 
don't \L'C din ( nc d.l> tll thl.' nc\!. he ..... 1) , . Jllillillg thc!<I! r..:glll .11\ 
on oCla,ion ale tamilic,. littk "ilk anJ UCSD \tutienl, (lI)cllld-
ing <I report~r or 1\\ 0). 
Battle Stations 

On J t) pical 1I1ll1,1) . ~ la",h,11I claim,. OCl\\ cen 80 .lIld I(X) 
pel pk 1\ III dC\I.·cnd ,)n hi, field IOGlll'd in ,llIlIiet comcr of a 
,kepl Indian re,crvationto ~ng"gl! II) tht: rip-~nonillg ~plattclfe ... !. 

nil' Ixutil.' III.lr SurKl.I) morning i ... app.m:ntl r.llhcr :llypical 
rllr th~ \\'cl'''-I'IKI \\'.Irrior' field. boUI nine die-harcb have 
wJIllkrt:d in .. lJld .111 bllt a fe\\ an.: ballle-h.lrd..:ncd player, with 

A victorious palntball player captures the enemy's flag. 
thlel.. c:tllou!<l!~ on Ihelr trigger fingen.. 

'111i, i, the ,malic'\( group I've ever had. and I've been hen: 
eight y~m.," Man-hall contide.\. 

lealou, player himself \\ ho under,t :lIld~ Ihe need.\ of his 
cu~tomcr,. Mar,hall generoul<ly con,iden. directing u~ all over to 

Borderbl1d~. where there i~ alre:ldy a full hou.<,e of ,pon~men to 
, h )t at . But then he decide~ that this might be a fooli~h btlsine~s 
deci~ion. :Uld generously con~nt!> to take everyone'~ money. 

full ~ven hOllr, of play can COSI a timid beginning player. or 
"newbic." 60. TIlb include~ the rental of some ~habby-looking 

but decem equipment (gun. face 'hield. 
cammi~) and a Illod~t ~ppl. f 

paintball~. Semi-~ychOli 
player; tOling semi-
automatic gun ... will 

'Thb i, one game whcre Ihe 
big guy h:t, no advanlage 
what. vcr. It' a game of real 

~tJte and angle~ . cunning. and 
tenacity." ~Iy~ M~hall. 
~Inetime~ blow more 
than 100 on pailll 
alone. which can be 
bought in bul"- for 
abom five celll~ a 

~ho{. 
After ~~e' re all 
~u ited and ted 

It's neither ~ 
.W_.[nor] war. 
War neva- enters 

"Inv,uiably. it'~ the guys on 
the te:toll that have the be~t 

gun and the ~mallesl 
bodie. ... that do be,!. It 

alway, seems to be 
Ihe ~Iight. sl-.inny 

guy,. lx.'Cause 

(if you go. be ,ure 
10 wear shoe, wilh 
good ankle ",uPJXlrt). 
Mal\hall goe~ over 

my.11Iad 
they're quid. .. 
~ I ick, :md you 
can'l hit 'em when 
you ",'C 'em." 

Ihe ground nib:" 0 
... pinin·. na cu!>. ... in·. no 
wipin· ... Ancmpling to 
cheat by wiping fre~h 
paintball ~plat~ off your 
c1olh~ i ... Ihe lowe!>t of lows. he 
admonbhe,. nd he offc:n. a piece 

". 

of advice. the only bit of tacti al ,mltegy 
that really work..,: "Run like hell: ,hOOl like 
crJZ y: dOll' t get ,hot." 

With that rni"ion briefing. 
\\e're oil to the fin.t 
~hOOlOUI of the day. 

Un less a player 
i~ aided by divine 

intervenlion. he can 
count 011 getting 

tagged by ~rne lucky 
,tray ,hoI. Like thaI one 

that no one. really. should 
have ever made. except Ihal. 

um. my gun jammed when he 
jumped out from behind the rock. and then the rock 
it~lf jumped out :Uld hit me. and so. you M:C. it wasn't my 

fault :11 all. 
Though playen. can feel il when they get hit. mo~t of the 
time il doesn't hun all lhm much. "Bul any type of c1o:,e-

W,UTI1ing up with a 
confusing game 
involving 
three n:lg, to 
grab. four 
rickety hut~ 

It's my 
bot tom-li ne 

up shol. when Ihe guns are being shot :II their 
optimum vel ·ity. }'OU can get youn.elf a linle 
we lt on those things." repott~ Orinda, "ano lll<!Y 

can breabkin. if you're \~earingjw,t a T-!>hin or it 
hits you in the ann or something. You can get a 
preny good brui'iC on you." 

to defend and 
five oppo~ing 

Oan McDowell/GuardIan players 10 paint Rile: No 
Yet the most common injury on the p.lintball 

field is complelely unrelated to the high-p I'l!\~ure air 
gun .. and their zooming blobs of neon juice. 

a minbow of day-
glo colon. at 25 yards. many players 
'"CCeed in the "~hOOling like l:nIZY" 
part. but are helples~ to do milch el~ . 

Rambozos. "Most :rcddem, are rebted to b;l,ically the same thing th:1I an advemurer wou ld get hi"-ing through 
Ihe woocl~. The primary injury in paintball i ~ a 
~pr.uned ankle." says Orinda_ 'The Imemational 
Paimtxlll Pklyers' A~iation (IPPA) ha~ done A linle dazed (and quite a bit more 

fe<,tive ly attired), Ihe newbi~ eagerly lead 

-11m~1, 
Weekend Warriors 

the rest back to ~ canlp. There. playerl> wipe 
their goggle., and boo~1 their egos. artfully recounting 
dee<b of breathtaking bravery :told miraculou~ mark:,man~hip. 

TIle second game il> a more ~tr.Lightfotward version of Capture 
Ihe Flag. Each team starts off next to their re~peclive ""!,Ull flags," 

~Imi,tical ~urvey, with the insur.Lnce comp:tolies that 
~how that paintball is safer Ihan badminton. or golf. or ,lilY 

number of the~ 'pons where you can' l conceive of anybody 
being hun." 

Orinda cite~ the improvement in equipmenl and regulations 
that have occurred recently a~ the main re;L<;()n for whal he 

Improvements in paimb.111 de,ign have also hdped to 
accelemte the ganlC inlo wicler acceptan<.·e. "YOli c:tn't gel 
infected from the paint." Olinda slales. "It's completely non-toxic. 
biodegrad:lble. water soluble. It look ' like a mess. but it'lI come 
out complelely in the \\a~h ." 

"My one-),l!;lf-<Jld h;c, ~lIen tll<!lll. my dog ocg, for them. I've 
~n deer eat lhe e\ploded ·ap~ule~. It', gelatin. It·, food." Sly, 
M,u;h:III. "And as for the environment. til<! only thing [Ihe u~ of 
the Indian re!<l!rvation for painlball ganlesl ha:. tli~placa.l b the 
rattbnal..es. We pUllhern on the other ~i<k of til<! re!<l!rvalion. 
That \ whatlhe Indian, wanted. and \\C abide by their rules. I 
reall don '1Ihin"- we hanll anything. other than c.lch other 
~omelil11es:' he joke,. 

De,pite these improvernent. ... in their ,pOll. errthu,ia:.t, ~till 
often lind Ihemselve, defending IIIe \ ery foundation of paintball 
itself. Many ,keptic, di~mi, the game ;l'" uncthi\::IIIx.-cau\C il 
promol(.'S shOOling people and fo~ten. a "combat Illl!ntality." 

"You cenainly do gctth3t perceptionmorc onen than not." 
~ighs Orinda. "Does footlxlll promote W;lf mentality'! I don't 

Orinda cites GE Capual ;l' an e:l.ample. 'llley brought all of 
their llI:lIlager, from acro .... ' tht: world. liter.llly. and n:nted an 
In li:Ul rcsen'alion oUI~idc of P.lllll pring~ . 11ley pllt :(Xl of thcir 
playet~ via eight chancred bU!<I!, 0111 tht:n: to play thi, gal1lt!. Now 
I don'l thin"- GE Capital i ... lrying to promOI\! \\.uf,ue. nl~) 'rc 
trying 10 prornole I~UlI\\ 01'''-. And Ihac', ta"ing J bllllch of 

individllal~. 10 individual, who don'l I-.no\1 each other . . lIld then 
tmrJ..ing Ih":l1Ill) 10 achieve a common goal in :l :!O minulc IlI:nl.ld 
of time. 111,1l \ gmbbillg ~Ol1leOlle' s flag. and blinging it hal.' ''. You 
achi,,:vLxl a goal. 11lat\ wh.1l it\ all abou!." he ,ay~. 

M:u,halJ ill fa\:! admittcd th.1I hc \\ a, a cOIl\Ci~ntilll1'" ol~~ctor 
during ttl<: Victn.lln War. "Ic'~ ,11\\ it), .1 'tr~lIIge Iclkction Oil 

my~df ta lind 1ll}\Clf ill thi ... lill": of bt.,~ille ...... " Ire admit'. "hilt 
peopic don't appr..:date a le;11 glln. 111C) dOIl't appreciate \\ hal a 
rC.l1 glllll"lI l do. bllt after pl:l) in),! p:lintball. )OU do." 

"It\ neithcr :lIlti-\\;rr Inorl pro-\\:rr." agr~'C.'" Orrnda. "W:1f 
nc\'erCI1lCI~ my mind playing pailllb.llI . Tomc. it', competition. 
War i~ not competition. W:u' i, b.L,il·ally hatr'l!d for \(lIllCOIlC d'e." 

The only palntball strategy that works: run like hell ; shoot like crazy; don't get shot. 

The "Sun" is.a!ways Trima Tan 2TANS$:[ CONTACT LENS ;~~in~~. 
'Am bmt! clients only ",th Ihis coupon 

Lose 6" Guaranteed 
European Body Wrap-only $48 

Not I temporary water 1055 • Redt.l:e celkJtlte and stretch mlllfl'1.S 

--------------~ 
3TANS FOR$15 

Psychology Majors 
Information Meeting 

find out about 
New major requirements 

New courses and changes in courses 
Honors seminar & prqgram 

Graduate programs in ~YChOIOgy 
Career opportunffies 

WHEN: Thursday, October 22 at 4:00 p.rn 
WHERE: 1110 McGill Hall (formerly P&L) 

and 

EARNS 
at the same time! 

(619)554.1320 
CADUCEUS INTERNATIONAL 

CHI OMEGA 

XQ 
WELCOMES 

BETA 
PLEDGE 
CLASS 

1992 

$79 $99 
Complete 
Extended Soft Lense 

B&L Sofl Spin B&L 104 

$159 $179 
Complete Complete 
Daily gas penn. hard 
Parnpcnn 02 

Baby blue, hazel & 
emerald. green 

eLAIREMONT 
279-5858 

5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 

30 day follow up. 

• Prof ••• lonal S.rvlc. 
• Quality Ey.car. 
• R.a.onabl. Prlc •• 

KENSINGTON 
283-5858 
3938 Adams Ave. 

eso ESCORT 534-WALK 
5:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M., 7 days a week 

Be Safe, Don', Walk Alone! 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20 
11 AM - 2 PM 

Career Services Center Plaza 
Meet with admissions representatives from 
academic, MBA, and health professions 
programs from around the cO,unlry. 
Sponsored by: (;peer Services, Office of Graduate Studies 
and Research, and School of Medicine/Special Admissions. 

USE THE 
UCSD THEATRE CARD 

AND SAVE $10! 
With the purchase of a UCSD Theatre Card for 
$20, you can get 5 tickets to any Department of 
Theatre season production or event and save up 
to $2 per ticket. Productions include: 

ROMEO AND JULIEI' LARGO DESOLA TO OlITS1DE OOWN 
by William Shakespeare by Vaclav Havel by Stuart Ostfeld 
Sf A TEMENI'S AFI'ER AN ARREST UNDER THE IMMORAUTY ACT 
by Athol Fugard 

Available at the Mandell Weiss Theatre Box Omce 
call 534-4574 to charge-by-phone 

If you or someone 
you know has 

• Mononucleosis • Lyme Disease 
• Clotting factor • Epstein Barr 

deficiency Virus 
• Toxoplasmosis • CMV 
• Chlamydia • Any red blood 

cell antibody 
• Hepatitis A or B • Rh Antibodies 

Call 
MD LABORATORIES 
II Subsidiary oJ If emaCare Corporalion 

SAN DIEGO (619)226·1733 
TOIUNCE (310161 .... 73 

WIST HOllYWOOD (213)654-0565 
You call greatly help ill medical 
rtstarch and trtatmenl and ta,,. 

$50 to $200 ptr wulc! 

The first cave 
drawings were 
actually ads for 

bison meat. 

UCSD Guardian Advertising 
Call 534-3466 

Reef Teva 
Earth Sandals Ugg Boots 

Sport Sandals Clogs 
Flojos Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

.ttl- SeuuI4te 3761 Mission Blvd., SD 92109 488·1134 

SED 
LEVIS 

COLORS • CUT-OFFS • FADED BLUES 

$99 BIKER JACKETS 
COSTUMES. 60's, 70's, & MORE. FUN, FUNKY, FUNTIONAl 

HAWAIIAN • MIlITARY • TUX SHIRTS 

COO STUFF 
FAIRMAIRS 

4879 NEWPORT AVE., OCEAN BEACH 
M·SAT. 11 ·6:30 • 222-0220 

''-



Sf, S I'~;r.TACLE 

• 

Current Student Regent 
Alex Wong 

Speaking on UC Budget, Regent Meeting 
Friday, October 23, II am 

Davis/River ide Room 
Price Center, Second Floor 

A .. MEETING 
very Wedne~day. 6:30 pm 
tudent Leadership hambers 

Price Center. Third Floor 
Come and get in volved !! 

A .. PO ITION AVAILABLE 
APPLY FOR THE FOLLOWI G POSITIO S: 
Elections Manager 

ampus·Wide ommi llcClo - including ampu~/ 
ommunity Planning. Affimlative Action. 

Disabled Student Services. Day Care, Enrollment 
Projections, Program Rev iew, RIMA ,Student 
Regulation, Review, Academic Senate. ull 
listing available ar the A .. Offices. 

Exremal Affairs 
Finance 
Programming 
Public Relations 
And many more ... 

Pi k up applications in the A.S. Office~ . 
Third Floor Price enter. or call 534-4450 

TUDENT ORGANIZATION FUNDING 
Positions availab le for: 
Student OrganiLatioll Finance Board 
Cultural Programming Finance Board 
Applications avai lable from the A .. Receptionist, 

Price Center. Third Floor 

Student Organization Funding Taskforce 
Meetings Mondays at 10:00 am 
Vice President Finance Office 
Price Center. Third Floor 

Winter Quarter Student Org. Program Requests 
Due October 30 

A,S, INTERNSHIP OFFICE (ASIO) 
Application deadline for Winter Quarter intemships 
Friday. October 23 
For more information. visit the ASIO office. 
Price Center. Third Floor. Room 3.303. or 
call 534·4689 

STUDENT REGENT 
Applications available for Student Regent 
Come by the A.S . Office, Price Center. Third Floor 

for more information. 
Applications due no later than 5 pm November 6 in 

the Chancellor 's Office. 

Current Student Regent Alex Wong will speak 
Friday. October 23. 11:00 am 
Davis/Riverside Room. Price Center. 2nd Floor 

A.S. NEWSFLASHES i produced by the Associated Students 
of UCSD. To have an advertisement placed in A.S. 

EWSFLASHES. pick up a form outside the A.S. Secretary' 
door.3rd Ooor Pnce Center. Deadline is every Wednesday at 
noon. dveniscmcnts arc ~uhject to ~!,a~availabiti t y J 

'1'111' UC 0 Gllunliun 

ALCOHOL AWARENESS WEEK 
Movie ight - Poslcardsfrom Iht Edgt 
Tuesday. October 7, 7 and 9:30 pm 
Price Center Ballroom B 
Free 

Mocktail Competition 
Wednesday, October 28, II am - I pm 
Price Center Plaza 
Student Organizations will compete for prizes. 
Stop by and sample these alternatives to alcohol. 

Alcohol Awarene s Fair 
Thursday, October 29. II am - 2 pm 
Price Center Plaza 
Come join the party and be alcohol aware 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
General Meeting 
Tuesday. October 20. 7:30 pm 
MCC 124 
Come and participate in planning up orni ng events 

AL·ANIMAGE 
Weekly Japanese Animation showings 
Tuesday. October 20. 7:30 pm 
Solfs Hall 107 
This week featuring Tile Name of IIII' Wind is 

Amlle io. YotodOfl. Lac/()SS Wars. and Maisoll 
/kkokll s ubtitled in English . 

For more in fonnalion , call 587-4890 

EXPERIENCE ABROAD CLUB 
Studied, traveled, lived, or worked abroad? 
Come to our meeting 
Wednesday, October 21, 4:30 pm 
[ntemational Center Conference Room 
For more infonnation , call Alison 625·8328 

SHAPESHIFfER MUSIC 
Present s Ihe funky sounds of 12 Guage Persuasion 
Friday , October 23. 3:00 pm 
(before the Dead Milkmen TGIF) at 
Round Table Bul\' Eye Tavem 

UC D SURF CLUB 
Meeting 
111ursday, OClober 22. 7 pm 
AP&M 2 113 
All welcome 

A.S. Film Series 
Presents A/iell3 
Thursday. October 22 
6:30,9:00, 11 :00 pm 
Price Center Theatre 
Only $2. Free Popcorn! 

GUEST LECTURE 
KRS·ONE '1lle Conscience of Rap" 
Monday. October 19. 8 pm 
Price Center Ballroom 
Free pa, ses available at the Price Center Box Office 

TGIF 
The Dead Milkmen 
With "Standing Hawthorne" 
Friday. October 23, 4:30 pm 
Price Center Plaza 
FREE! 

PUBLIC RELATIONS 
Positions open in A.S. Public Relations office: 
Publicity Manager 
Editorial Services Manger/New paper Editor 
Events Manger 
Research Manager 
For more informal ion . ca ll 5344450 or come by the 

A. . Office , Price Center. Third Floor 

Delving deeply 
into the moral 
and ocial issues 
that helped forge 
the American 
labor movement 
of the early 
twentieth cen-
tury ,Matewan is 
based on a tragic 
real-life incident 
between miner 

nd manage-
ment which 
came to be 
known a the 
"Matewan Mas-

Moncluy , O(·tol"'r 19, 194)2 

sacre." Director: John Sayles; 130 min. 1987. 
ony Hernandez, member of the current 

Drywallers Strike in outhern California, will 
be the featured commentator 

Y()LL\TEER FL.\SHES 
Attention all volunteers! On October 2 1, from 

I I - I in the Price Center Plaza, the Volunteer 
Connection will be hosting a Health Services 
Volunteer Fair. Representative from various health 
care organizations such as the Red Cross. Planned 
Parenthood. and hospitals will be on hand to discuss 
volunteer opportunities. 

Interested in helping chi ldren from low-income 
families? Come volunteer fro the homework clinic! 
in·home tutoring program at Pulitzer, a low. income 
housing community. Come by the Volunteer 
Connection for applications and more information. 

Interested in volunteering with a San Diego 
organi7.ation? Come by the Volunteer Connection 
and let us connect you with an agency that i right 
for you. Our office i on the third noor of the Price 
Center in room 3.302 or call at 534·1414. 

Monliuy,o.'tolH-r 19, 1992 

TGIf 

-

-

-

-

-

The Dead 
Milkmen 

1I~1~'H[3~iii 

October 23 
4:30 pm 
Price Center 
Plaza 
FREE!!! 

"I'HB CONSCIBNCB OF RAP" 
MON. OCT. 19, 1992 8:00 PM 
PR.ICE CENTER BALLR.OOM 

FREE 
COMI GIT BDUCATID ON LIPI ... 

REFUNDS AND FREE PASSES AVAILABLE AT THE BOX OFFICE 

The UCSD Cuurdian SPECTACLE S7 

With 
'Standing H 

awthorne' 

Thursday, October 22 
Shows at: 6:30, 9:00, 11 :3 0 

Price Center Theater $2.00 
Free Popcorn with ticket stub 

Tickets now available at the UCSD Box Office 

-



8 PECTACLE Tht> U D Gllanlian 

Race and Justice 
in America 

Derrick A. Bell, Jr. 
Visiting Profe or of Law 
New York niver ity chool of Law 

Glenn C. Loury 
Profe or of Economic 

Boston Universit 

Friday, October 16, 7 p.m. 
Auditorium, Graduate chool of 
International Relation and Pacific tudies 

Thursday, October 22, 7 p.m. 
Garren Auditorium, Room 11 05 

Basic cience Building 

Two promin nL cxpcrL\ will) diffcrcnL point!. of VICW di cu ial inequali lY, equal 
opponunilicl> and the role of governmcnl and IIldlvlduah In addressing wc C issues. 

A Free Public lecture Series 
presented under the auspices of Third Col/ege 

!'or Inform.lllon, ~.lll 14 3400 

WHY ANDERSEN CONSULTING? 
"I)i\'crsi!\' and Izallcnge ... ., 

T<. d o r RadlTlilovi ~h -1 3 R v:> l1 G r Cl d - Ma nagcn1 nt Scien .., 

"yVo rk H'ith bright, 111oti\'ated indh i i lia! in a te Inl ell\ 'iron171 ent.· · 
Ie k I Ia iIw od - 1 4 Muir Grad - Ec n Inic /P Ii tical Scicn 

"A ndersen pro\'id '} nle H'itlJ the 'ha llenges I anz lookin ~ fo r. " 
Todd 1" d ., - I (86 Muir r, d - MClIlag ITl nt Si n 

"Unlinlite t opportllnitie to e.rcel and de\ e lop new skill 
BriCln Bru - 198 Th ird rad - E no n-l ie 

"Tra l'e l to new a nd ex citing pla 'es , lltilizin<;: busilZ es ski II 
Kith Lippiatt - 1 9 Third Grad - QEDS 

" 

" 

, I joined bec(llf e of the typ e of p eople that are \It ith Andersen 
alld the exp erien ' gained by going to d(fferent clients. ' 

K Ivin K n - 1990 Warren Grad - Electrical En g ine ring 

ttl vt'allted to use nlY technical background in a business atmosphere ." 
Kathy Elli - 1 91 M u ir Grad - Structural En g ineering 

" It' PI' IcticC/fly in1pos ible to get bored in a job that offers so 
nlany exciting opportunities during and after l1 orking hours." 

And r a H allg ren - 1991 Third Grad - M echanical Engineering 

"Young , n10tivated , intelligent people l1 ith diverse backgrounds 
l-t 'orkillg for an international firnz- that's )It hat it's all about!!" 

M Cl rk Su ter - 1991 Muir Grad - Economics / Political Science 

ANDERSEN CONSULTING INFORMATION SESSION 
Tomorrow, October 20th from 7 -9:00 p.m. in Warren Lecture Hall, Room 2005 

ANDERSEN 
CONSULTING 

AKllfUR AXDER I:.\: & co . . c. 

Munday. Ol'tol..-r 19, 1992 

ABLE: Students 
with disabilities show 
they can overcome 
ContInued from page S2 
di~ that prevents her from 
driving. PoweU has persuaded the 
director of Transponation Alterna-
tives to have the van come and pick 
her up from her otf-campus apartment 
forclasse 

She had previously been forced 10 
use public transportation. Silt 
routinely had to wait for the few buse~ 
lhat actual ly had lifts on them. 
Occasionally. one would stop for her 
with a lift that wasn't woridng. he 
. ys. "Suse with lifts have just 
passed me up sometimes when 1 w~ 
at a top. 1 uidn' t like waiting out 
there in the dark for a bus to l'Ome ... 
cnduIII~ 

Dlanges are being ~Iowly 
'mplemented by the school admini~· 
tration ... It co ts for major changes. 
Until recently, lhis c;unpus hadn't 
real ly started to move forward in that 
direction:' says Gimblen. " ew 

fac i litie~ lhat went up. they made 
Jccessible. Sut they didn't go ba k 
,tnd make any maj r renovations on 
the older '>lTUClUres. 

"Sut I think you hJve to be 
re ... '>Cnable." he continues . . 'There \ 
only so much that can be done . hon 
of leveling a buildi ng. lt\ probably 
not reaM)nable to expel! the campu ... 
to do lhat. nd lhat's ,III the law reJlly 

h~ to do. It mandate~ ' fe<Mnable 
,ll'Commodation.· and re:J: onabk 
.Iccommodation can mean aJl) thing 
from changing the entmnce of a 
building to com pletely ch:;nging it by 
puning in an :llItomati door opener: ' 

DSS. \~i t h a fi vc·pcr.-.on full time 
taff. i~ aJ) al.ldemic \uppon !.ervi e. 

Gimblell -.:I) ~ that Mudems with 
b:.ervabk and unob:.ervable 

&,abilities that are documented by 
either a doctor. a learning disability 
... peciali t. a psychologist or a 

p~ychiatri~t are all offered academic 
, upport. DSS provides note-takers 
and people who know sign language 
for students. They also have a 
resource libr.uy and lhey provide 
counseling. 

WE ASKED 100 UCSD STUDENTS 
'Would You Rather Go To 

A SPEEDY COin Wash 
or a Non-Speedy COin Wash?" 

,000/. AGREED 

a..cll 

Price Center Open Dally 
01t ..upor'I p-1 t.~r ... r E, to, 11/6/92 

. ---.-.*--.-. -. 


