
OPINION 

...... ".. 

tile CIw.cal. 
So 1bis is wIIIt .... 

Srudcat Center loots like! 
I'm your a.ncenor. Can 
,au find me? 8ec:aUIe Ibis 
week. die iaue is Where', 
Dick?/PMlU 

Coops Begin Talks with Administration 
• Corbett calls meeting "a waste," legal action likely, co-ops say 
By Dan Kr..a 
Staff Writer 

Linle progress was made toward resolving 
the co-op crisis despite a six-and-a-half-hour 
meeting between student representatives and 
the administration last Tuesday, said tudent 
leaders involved with the negotiations. 

Molly McKay, chairofthe University Center 
Board (DCB), described the meeting as a "night-
mare." She said he felt that the admini tration 
avoided the real issues involving the co-op! 
administration conflict and obstructed progre . 

Jeff Corbett, manager of the General Store 
co-op, shared McKay's sentiment. '''The meet-
ing was basically a waste. [The admini tration] 
says that Groundwork i n't a student organiza-
tion. But the law says it i ," he said. 

The meeting was not wholly ineffectual, 
though, according to Steve Dubb of Ground-
work Books. Dubb said that, for the interim, 
Groundwork Books has agreed to obtain general 
liability insurance for its employees. 

In the past, the university has assumed total 

liability for the co-ops. 
In tum, according to Dubb, the administnt-

tion agreed not to use physical anctions. such as 
turning off utilities orchanging locks. against the 
co-ops and to proceed by "legal means." 

"[The meeting] wasn' t a failure. but it wasn ' t 
quite a ucce . Until the administration recog-
nizes that we' re a student organization and we 
have a lease, we won't have a succe s." Dubb 
said. 

"Little progress was made at the meeting." 
said Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate Affairs 
Joseph Wat on. "My understanding was that 
Groundwork asked for more time so they could 
obtain liability." Watson al 0 aid that the meet-
ing included discus ion of the co-ops' status. 

"I had hoped that [Groundwork I would have 
been prepared to arrive at the final wording of the 
contract and to sign the contract. I am disap-
pointed that the discussion was prolonged." aid 
Watson. 

All the student leaders agreed that legal action 
See TALKS, Page 8 

Students and faculty members spoke about the 
co-ops and the fee hike at Thursday's General 
Assembly, held on the Gym steps . Here, 
Communication Professor Emeritus Herbert 
Schiller has his moment at the microphone. 

Woodard Questions 
Legality of Allocation 
.A.S. President Orozco threatens legal action 
if university blocks co-op defense funding 
By Mary Betty Heard 
News Editor 

The allocation of $600 by the Associated Students (AS.) 
for the General Store Co-op legal defense fund has been 
tempor.trily delayed until the legality of the action is deter-
mined. according to a memo by Director of Student Govem-
ment Randy Woodard. 

The memo, sent to AS. President Agustin Orozco and the 
three AS. Vice Presidents, states that Student Government 
Services Business Manager Josie Hollinger will not allocate 
the $600 from AS. General Unallocated for the legal defense 
fund until University Counsel has reviewed the bill. 

"I'm not so sure [the bill] is legal or not legal." Woodard 
said Friday. He said he faxed amemoon the issueto University 
Counsel on Friday morning and hopes to get a response before 
Wednesday's AS. meeting. 

Woodard said the question of the bill s legality is two-fold. 
First. the allocation would go to an outside bank account, 

rather than a UCSD student organization. According to 
Woodard. it is unknown yet whether a student government can 
take money given to them from the self-assessed $13.50 
student fee and put it toward an outside account. 

Sean Oredmger/GuWdlan 
AcnONI- UCSO's martial arts classes and clubs, offered through Campus 
Recreation, participated in an Asian Awareness Week demonstration on Friday 
at noon at the Price Center. Jeannette Guano, a UCSO first-year student and 
World Tang Soo Do black belt, performs Bong Hong Sambo, a weapons form. 

The co-op's legal defense fund account is held at Scripps 
Bank. "We opened the account with a little over $6.000," 
General Store Co-op Manager Jeff Corbett said Friday. "I Co-
op member] Steve Dubb is ... deposi:ing more today." 

The second problem with the bill is that the A.S. receives 
See FUNDING, Page 7 

Pub Renovation Delayed Due to Budget Shortfall 
By Stephanie Danford 
Staff Writer 

Due to construction bids which 
far exceed the amountoffunds allo-
cated for renovation, the Triton Pub 
has been tentatively scheduled to 
re-open next fall, a full year later 
than originally planned. 

The pub was closed two years 
ago for renovation with the inten-
tion to re-open in the fall of 1991, 
but so far construction has yet to 
begin. 

"We were way overbid," said 
Associated Students (A.S.) Vice 
President Administrative Mike 
Holmes after a Triton Pub Renova-
tion meeting Friday. 

Of the eight estimates received 
for construction and design work. 
the median bid was $100,000 more 

than the total of funds assembled by 
the A.S., the Graduate Student As-
sociation (GSA) and the University 
Center Board (UCB). 

GSA President Denise Fenton 
said, "We anticipated a much lower 
bid It was a real shock." 

According 10 Fenlon, lhe next 
step will be to go back over the 
plans and cut costs on building 
materials. The project will then be 
put up for bid again. which will 
mean an extra $2,000 to $3.000 in 
advertising for new bids and an 
additional $5,000 to have construc-
tion and deSIgn plans re-drawn. 
Fenton estimated that the new bid-
ding will take place in about Iwo 
months. 

Holmes, Fenton and A.S. Com-
missioner of Programming Daniel 

Bondurant are now making plans to 
Iry to raise the exIra funding so Ihat 
the project may continue. starting 
with asking the chancellor, vice 
chancellors and college provo ts for 
help. 

"If we are able to raise the money, 
the project is worthwhile," Holmes 
said. BUI, Holmes added, if the exIra 
money is nol raised. lhe A.S. will 
pull its $75.000 commitment. 

The A.S. money, wilh an addi-
tional UCB investmentof$200.000 
and a $13,000 gift from lasl year's 
senior class, is intended to pay for 
lhe pub's expansiOfl for ~!~e a:. jJro· 
gramming space-for concerts and 
sludenl organization activities. 

Currently, lhe A.S. is using some 
of the pub space for concerts, bul 
wants the facility to be more acces-

A.S. Vice President Mike Holmes 
ible to students. 

TIle AS. and UCR will nol allo-
cateadditional funds for the project, 
bUI Holmes stressed that he and 
olhers at lhe meeting had "positive 
hope" of getting the remainder of 
lhe needed funds. 



2 NEWS 

'.f \".~, I'. '.I'IL' 

Kronos QIatet to lie ••• at 
Mandeville AudItoIUn this WeaI( 

The KronosQuaJ1et, known foradiverse JqJertoire that 
includes the music of Jimi Hendrix, Omcae Coleman and 
Arnold Schoenberg. will perform III 8 p.m. this Friday in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 

This program will consist exclusively of music written 
for the Kronos Quartet, which usually perfORm music 
wrioen in the 20th century. 

Founded by violinist David Hanington in 1973, the 
ensemble has undergoneonl y two personnel changes in its 
lengthy career. Besides Hanington, the other members are 
John Sherba. violin. Hank Dun, violaandJoanJeanrenaud. 
ceLIo. 

Kronoscommissions muchofit repertoire from young 
composers and has introduced new works worldwide to 
growing audiences. 

The ensemble perfORm two annual concert seasons in 
New York and San Francisco and tours extensively, with 
more than 100 concens per year. 

The Krono recording, "Different Trains," received the 
Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Composition in 
1989, and the group was nominated for a Grammy for 
"White Man Sleep" in 1987. 

Tickets for the event are $11 for students, $15 for 
general admission and $13 for seniors. Tickets may be 
purchased at the Price Center Box OffICe or Ticketmaster 
outlets. 
UCSD Professor Eams Two Awards 
For Book on New Mexico History 

UCSD History Professor Ramon Gutierrez has re-
ceived two awards for his recently published book on 
colonial New Mexico titled When Jesus Ca~. the Corn 
Motllers Went Away: Marriage, Sexuality and Power, 
1500-1846. 

Gutierrez's book was awarded the Herting Prize forthe 
best book of 1991 by the Pacific Coast Council for Latin 
American Studies. and the Branch Prize for the best book: 
of 1991 by the Pacific Coast Braneh of the American 

Calvin and Hobbes 

.. ..,~ ... -.,.--

The vcsn Guardiaa 

HisIorical AIIociIlion. 
Gutierrez, cbIir of UCSD' $ EdInic Studies DepenmenI, 

.. ta&IJbI hislory II UCSD since 1982. He is a specialist in 
<lUcanohislory,lhehistoryoflbe iOUIbwest and thebislory of 
c:oIooiaI Lain America. 
Career ServIces to Hoat Annual 
Multicultural Job Fair this Thursday 

Employers u.aaaed in increasinl the diYUlity of their 
staffs will be RlClUiting II the Price Center Ballroom this 
Thursday from 10'.30 a.m.-2:30 pm. 

While the majority of opportunities are career positions. 
some summer, part-time and paid internship positions will be 
available. 

Students ofallcultural baclcgrounds are invitedtotalk to the 
employers III the Thursday evcnL Students are advised to bring 
resumes. 

The program is hosted by the Career Services Center and 
the Student Alftrmative Action and Human Relations Pro-
gram. 
School of Architecture Conference to 
Focus on Making of EnvIronments 

The new UCSD School of Architecture will host the annual 
conference of the Association of Collegiate School of Archi-
tecture (ACSA) Feb. 6-9. More than 150 architectural educa-
tors are expected to participate. 

The conference theme, "Making Environments: Technol-
ogy and Design." i intended to encourage dialogue among 
professionals and educators involved with both broad and 
specific issues related to architecture and technology. 

A toral of 80 presentations will be made during the confer-
ence. with topic ranging from envirorunental designing to 
space structure technology. 

Concerning the topics to be presented., Sally Ubbelohde, a 
new faculty member at the School of Arc.hitecture, said, "1be 
acts of architectural design and inhabitation crealC and impact 
environments at many scales. 

"From the intimacy ofa fireplace inglenook. to an impact on 
global wanning, technology and design are inextricably linked, " 
she said. 

"By examining the design of environments and how they 
are made. we question the relationship between the techno-
logical and the cultural, the scientific and the political, the 
phenomenological and the industrial." Ubbelohde added. 

Keynote lecturers for the conference include: astronaut 
Sally Ride. UCSD professor of physics and director of the 
California Space Institute; Jonas Salk, the founding directorof 
the Salk Institute; Walter Munk, professor with the Institute of 
Geophysics and Planetary Physics at the Scripps Institution of 

by Bill Watterson 

Monday, January 27,1992 

Oceanograpby: environmcnlal anisIs Helen and Newton 
Harrison; profeuors from the UCSD Visual Ans Depan-
ment; and ardaitect Sieve Badanes of Jersey Devil Archi-
tects. 

N SCIENCE -A--EWS---.---
Lectures In ChemIstry to Be 
Presented Over Next Two Weeks 
Inorganic ChenUSITy Seminars 

• Tuesday, Jan. 28 - Christian Amatore of the Ecole 
NOnna! Superieure will present "Tw~lectron vs. One-
electron Pathways in the Activation of Aromatic Halides 
by Zerovalent Transition Metal Catalysts" al 1:30 p.m. in 
Urey Hall room 2102. 

• Friday. Jan. 31 - John GrovesofPrinceton University 
will present "Model Enzymes in Model Membranes" at 4 
p.m. in Peterson Hall room 103. 

• Friday. Feb 7. - John Bercaw of the California 
Institute of Technology will present "Organometallic 
Approaches to Hydrocarbon Oxidations?" at 4 p.m. in 
Peterson Hall room 103. 
Organic Chemistry Semiflm.f 

• Monday, Jan. 27 - Bany Sharpless of the Research 
Institute of Scripps Oinic will present "Recent Advances 
in Asymmetric Synthesis" at 4 p.m. in the Humanities and 
Social Sciences Building room 2250. 

• Monday, Feb. 3 - M.E. Vol pin of the USSR Acad-
emy of Sciences wiu present "Could Synthetic Homoge-
neous Catalysts Be Active in Biological Systems?" at 4 
p.m. in the Humanities and Social Sciences Building room 
2250. . 
Physical ChemisJry Seminars 

• Tuesday, Jan. 28 - David Millar of the Department 
of Molecular Biology at Scripps Research Institute will 
present "Proteins, DNA, and Picosecond laser Pulses: 
Time-resolved Spectroscopy in Biological Structure 
Studies" at 4p.m. in Urey Hall room 2102. 
Department Colloquium 

• Wednesday, Feb. 5 - Roger Tsien of the UCSD 
Department of Chemistry will present "Biological Signals 
Viewed tluough Organic Synthesis and Photochemistry" 
at 4 p.m. in the CMG Lecture Room. 

GUArc.IJIAN 
JASON SNELL, EIIIDIIn CtrIeI 
PETER KO, MIll ..... &ffrlr 
lEN BOYCHUK, 0pInIIan &ItDt 
JAMES COLLER, o.wr EdIDr 
LYNN FRANEY, CcIpy Eta« 
JEIftY GALANG, A.acIID HIatus EdItIt 
JOSEPH GARCIA, ,.",. EIIIr1r 
MARY BETTY HEARD, ,.... &atII 
CHERYL tIOCXMN, A.ocIafe Copy E.tIIrJr 
SUE MAPES, 4M'C111ee PIroCo EtIt« 
MEl. MARCELO, ar...,. &ItDt 
DAN MCDOWEU. PItDIIo EIIIr1r 
KEN PERLMAN, s,ac. Eta« 
CHRISTOFtER REDNER, A ..... $arfs EllIot 
BRETT RHYNE, Spec'" EIIIr1r 
MAmtEW ~, 4110(;'" 0pH0n EdIIr1t 
ANGELA ROVA, A __ ,,* SpectacIt &IIIW 
ERIC SCHMm, AaocMte NtIM EMat 
SHERYL WOLCOTT, 4110(;'" NtIM EdIwJr 
WUEN WONG, Aaoc: .... ,."",. EMat 
GREDG WRENN, 4 ......... s,ac. EMat 

BOB DeANDREA, ...... ......, 
MICHAEL. FOlI.KS, AdWtfIMW = MIKE MAR11NEZ, ~ D 
E. LEIGH HENRY, cc..IW".", III acIN 
-.... ... "'._l\ei~ __ .u.. __ 
-.... ............ _MI!'I'. __ 

~ Joe lei. SImInIha_ 
!r.taO,.., ................ """- ...... _,..bp ........ 

_"UC!D. ___ " .. _ ... __ ,,_ ..... __ 
• MIl ___ CIIII. ... _ !r. taD,.., 11 .. __ .... _" 
- ......... _-_ ............. -,,_ ... 
......-_ ....... "lIIttaD_ .. ~"_,, .. _ 
_ IIotaD_._ ..... bp-.,._ .. _ 
...... 114 __ , ....... OllIe: 1M I ... , I'u: N4-7n1 
UCSD GuanIan, 9&00 Gilman DIM 0316, 

La JoIII, CA 92093-0316 
--___ ._ .... c...-,..". 

Monday, January 27,1992 

San Diego, Russia is Calling: 
Sister Cities Talk by Satellite 
., PIIIIp ... nll 

Sta,,~ 
Citizens from San Diego and 

Vladivostok, Russia, used technol-
ogy Saturday to overcome the last 
barrier remaining between the 
United States and Russia - dis-
tance. 

The two cities participated in a 
live, interactive satellite broadcast, 
also known as a "space bridge," 
organized by UCSD CommwUca-
tion Professor Helene Keyssar and 
the San Diego-Vladivostok. Sister 
City Association. 

A space bridge uses satellite tech-
nology to beam television signals 
between two locations. The two cit-
ies are then able to communicate 
with each Olher instantaneously. 

Nearly 500 people attended the 
event at San Diego's Sea World. In 
Vladivostok.. approximately 3,000 
people took. part in the space bridge 
event. which began at 2 a.m., Rus-
sian time. 

The bM8dcast featured dancers 
and mimes from both countries, but 
concenb'ated on the economic rela-
tionship between San Diego and 
Vladivostok.. The space bridge was 
a forum for an exchange of greet-
ings between American and Rus-
sian officials. 

For Saturday's space bridge. the 
television signal was beamed via 
satellite from San Diego to Moscow 
and then relayed to Vladivostok. 

Among those in anendance were 
UCSD students from the Bear and 
SamovarClub,thecarnpus Russian 
club. They joined city officials,busi-

ness representatives, professors and 
elementary school children, who 
were also program participants. 

"My expectations were uncer-
tain at fU'S1, but [the space bridge] 
came off fairly well, considering it 
was spontaneous." said Miki 
Vuck.ovich, a graduate of Warren 
College. 

The one-hour broadcast was or-
g~ to celebrate the apening of 
Vladivostok., a large port and naval 
city on the Pacific coast of Russia, 
which has been closed to foreign 
trade for almost sixty years. 

San Diego and Vladivostok re-
cently agreed to become sister cit-
ies, an arrangement designed to in-
crease comrnerce and strengthen the 
economic development of the Ru&-
sian Far East 

"This is the first step. Soon, San 
Diego will be the capital of a global 
village," said Joseph Goldin, a Rus-
sian who helped to organize the 
space bridge. 

.. Emotionally, people are on a 
high level. Our main job is to make 
this emotion more expressed in the 
future," he added. 

The amount of time spent on the 
economic relationship between the 
two cities and on business upset 
sOme participants who thought that 
regular citizens should have been 
the focus of the space bridge. 

We wanted air time. There was 
too much busine ,and not enough 
people." said Laura Hoover, a 
Revelle College senior. 

Many Russians agreed, as there 
were calls from among the 

AIM FOR 
SUCCESS 
GMAT CLASS 
BEGINS FEB. 10 

GRE CLASS 
BEGINS FEB. 24 

(619)587-8600 
TOTAL TEST PREPARATION 

'The UCSD Guardian NEWS 3 

Magic Bus 

As a solution to overcrowding on shuttle buses, particularly on the Hillcrest/UCSD Medical Center route, 
the Transportation Alternatives department has purchased new 33-seat vehicles. Older shuttle buses 
have 27 or 25 seats. Above is one of the new shuttles wh ich arrived on Friday. All it needs now is a coat 
of paint. 

Vladivostok citizen to" peak 
openly with the people of San Di-
ego." 

There were also minor technical 
problems with the space bridge. pe-
cificaJly brief losses of sound. 

However, in Vuchovich', view, 
"It's amazing that the whole thing 
actually came together. The pauses 

and miscues are really inconsequen-
tial." 

In spite of the technical prob-
lems. both sides seemed pleased 
with theoutcomeoftllespace bridge. 

" I am so happy to have this 
chance to speak, I have tears in my 
eyes," said a Russian medical stu-
dent named Tatiana. 

The program is the third space 
bridge organi zed by Keyssar. whose 
earlier pace bridge work involved 
children and film. and a remel11-
bran e of World War lI. 

"This~ ister-ci ty bridge has been 
a real grJSs-roots effon, involving 
the effon and commitment of many 
in both communities," said Keyssar. 

UCSD SPECIALS 
I TOYOTA I Suzuki Mazda Hyundai 
~ Mltsubishi Isuzu Acura Daihatsu Geo 

Excellent references from our satisfied customers! 

inor Tune Up Special ,$29 *(reg.$55) 
I . Spat1< plugs 0Jr tune up ;ncludes a lot mole than OtheIS. h includes: 
2. Dislribu10r poinlS 6, Clean & replenish all fluid & oil levels 10. Check undercarriage lor damages 
3. Condensers 7. Check brakes II . Check cooling system & hoses 
4. Adjust tining B. Check dutch 12. Road lest 
5. Adjusl dweD angle 9. Check lights 

, ~~oint M!jf.! ... S:!~~~~eCial (,!~~. 
2. Valve adjustmen: 11 Adjust timing 21. Check & replenish aH 28. Check and recharge 

Replace: 12. Adjust dwell angle ftuid and oollevels banery. W necessaty 
3. Volve cover gasket 13. Aqust carburelor 22. Check e/etrical system 29. Rotate tires N needed) 
4. Spivl\ pfugs 14. Adjust steering box 23. Check for loose or lost 30. Check tire pressure 
5. Distributor points 15. Aqus 8Jr & luel ratIO m" bolts 31 . Lube door hinges 
6. Condensers. 16. Aqust dutch 24. Check blakes 32. Check all holder$ 
7. Air fiher. 17, Aqust brakes 25. Check dutch 33. Check cooing system & 
B. o,t fiher. lB. Adjust emergoocy brakes 26. Check lights hoses 
9. Gas fiher. and 19. Check & adjust exposed 27. Check undercarrlage lor 34. Check exhaust system 
10. Engine o~ belts , damages 35. Road test 

20. Lube Ironl end 

~.FM~c;;pi;t;CI~t~8hj~b5. $169 * 
We replace: 

1. Transmission inpyt shah seat (except 4. Throwout bearing Nole: Hydraulic pans are not covered. 
Hondas 5. Pilot be<rings Not lor 4WD. Front wheel aive exira 

2. Pressure plate 6. New transmission oit 
3. CW:h disc 7. Road test 

Brake Job Special $39 *(reg. $80) 
Fronf or lear. Blake job lfICiudes: 

1. !nstal special new pads or instalt rear brake shoes 5. Bleed entire brake system 
2. DIilin old brake ffuld 6. Adjust Iront (if drums) and rear shoes 
3. Ins;lGCI complete hydrau;c system 7. Replace from rolor seats Cd rotor turn) 
4. Ad hydriUic fluid 8. Road test 
_ : Hydrdt pwIJ.' no(_ 

........ w ........ Ask IIbout our ...-clal m •• for ........ ov ...... l .. 
AI .... work .... a 2-y .... or 2O,0001nI1e HmIt ... w......my. 

AI ..... Include parts and labor. 

O¥~.~ rmostcars) 
.iii ~ 8008 Miramar Rd .•• .1990 

AIIWIJII",lIIplil 
•••••••• 

WIth this ad. Exp.es 2110/92 . 
\,;aN lor appointment. 

WE'LL MAKE SURE You MAKE IT Towing and rental car available. Monday·Friday, 7:30 amoS pm. Open Saturday 



OPINION 
4 OPINION 

EDrroRlATS 
Edilorial Board 

JASON SNELL. Editor in Olief 
PETER KO. Manaaing EdiIor 
MARY BETTY HEARD. New Edilor 
BEN BOYCHUK. Opinion EdiIOr 

T"'UCSDG __ II~_' .. ""._ .. dMUol....uyO(Cohf ....... s..Di< .... C-... Cl I9'l2. 
vn.ClIfftUOd _ ......... oM _jIrioy_atdM_ -. .... _____ y._atohc 
uc _at!W .... " ASUCSO . ............ G __ .... 

THE CHANCELLOR SPEAKS 

Whatever You Say, Dick 
OIancellor Atkinson is tired of being "dissc:d" by the people and 

pre of San Diego. In a presi conference last week, Atkinson 
expressed his frustration to the local media, complaining that 
nobody appreciates the university 's connibution to the communiry. 
"UCSD i an institution IhaI San Diegan hardly know about." 
Atkinson said. 

Atkinson is concerned lhat the community still believes UCSD 
is the same place it was in the late '60s, when students were running 
amok and the university was less like a place of learning and more 
like a circu . Twenty years ago, UCS D was best known as the home 
of Marxist philosopher Herbert Marcuse and his proleg~, Angela 
Davis. Atkinson want everyone to know that UCSD isn't like that 
anymore. 

The chancellor's press conference came after almost two weeks 
of media attention revolving around the co-op controversy. But 
Atkinson called in the press primarily to emphasize the positive 
economic impact UCSD has had on the community. He offered 
many impressive facts and figures. 

For example. UCSD is the third-largest employer in San Diego, 
with more than 16,000 men and women (including 3.100 faculty 
members) on the payroll. The university spends in excess of $800 
million annually in payroll, goods and services. as well as $250 
million in ongoing construction and expan ion projects. Certainly, 

UCID' ................ . 
.....,(111--., ..... 

as Atkinson insists, the 
university's positive economic 
impact on the community is un-
questionable. 

In recent years, UCSD has 
achieved international distinc-
tion as a top-flight research in-
stitution inanumberofhot fields, 
uchas AIDS. Alzheimer's dis-

ease, fusion energy and digital 
communications. In 1990, 
UCSD was ranked fifth in the 
nat.ion in total research-and-de-
velopment spending. attracting 
over $194 million in federal 
grants. Surely, as Atkinson sug-
gests. that should mean some-
thing. 

And Atkinson doesn 't stop 
there. UCSD's research success 

has led to the fonnation of over 25 private companies. all founded 
by current or former students and faculty. In 1991, the university's 
total revenues reached $908.2 million, up from $840.6 million in 
1990. In the midst of a state financial crisis, UCSD has thrived. 
Clearly, as Atkinson demonstrates. San Diego should be giving this 
university the credit it so richly deserves. 

But lost in the chancellor's impressive array offacts and figures 
was. as always. the 15,000 undergraduates who are - without a 
doubt - the lifeblood of the university. Absent in Atkinson's 
accolades for UCSD's burgeoning scientific research was his praise 
for UCSD' s tOl>'notch social science deparunents. 

Atkinson has long been criticized for being out of touch with the 
tudent body. In a sense, this is not his fauiL His job, after all. is to 

promote the university in every way with the goal of attracting even 
more grants. In that capacity. he has handled the job excellently. as 
the facts clearly demonstrale. 

Bul, in the process, the students have been displaced and forgot-
ten. 1lle quest for prestige has obscured the main goals of the 
university: to educate its students, to prepare them for a career. to 
train them to face the realities of a world which grows more and more 
competitive each day. to open their minds ... all this is lost in a 
swirling torrent of numbers. 

Implicit in Atkinson' s message last week was a plea to ignore the 
unpleasantness of the previous weeks. and to look on the bright side. 
The chancellor seemed to say that the students and their littJe co-ops 
don't amount to much in the grand scheme of things. Compared to 
the massive impact UCSD has on the community (and the nation) at 
large. he's probably rigbL But his cynicism was not so easily lost on 
the students. San Diegans may be a littJe more aware about all the 
good things this university has done for them. Students will be as 
bitter as ever. 

The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 27,1992 

BENSON 

COMMENTARY 

The Greens: A New Harvest of Hope 
• California's newest political party seeks to shape the state's 
environm ntal policy and improve our prospects for the future 
By"'" Ringer 
Cont/f)uting Opinion Writer 

EaI1ier ~s month environmenlal and social 
activisas were given cause to ceJebrarc as the 
Greens became California's newesl SblteWidc 
political party. The latest estimate from !he Secre-
tary of State is that the Greens have 100,897 
regisren:d members, wen over the 78,000 needed 
to qualify as an official polirical party. 

Thisnumberisparticularlyimpressiveconsid-
cring thai voters currently have to check "other" 
on voter regisu'ation forms and write in "Greens" 
in order to become members of the party. How-
ever, theGreeos wiD soon be listed along willi the 
Independents. the Democrats. the Libertlrilns. 
the Republicans and the Peace and FRedom Par-
ties on all California YOICr tqistrIboo forms. 

Although the Greens IR best known for their 
stance on the environment. they ako emtnce a 
number of ocher imporIII1I isauea. These include 
cullUl'Bl diversity, social justice. gJ'II&-roots de-
mocracy. and women's rigiD (nearly ~ 
oftheparty·scunenrmembetsll'ewomen).Above 
all, the party realizes that ilS policies nwst prove to 
be economgJly viable, 

Mike Feinsrein. an LA. County Green Party 
spokesperson. believes that IonII'lllF pl'Ospedty 
of the party will only come from the SlICCeSSfuI 
inacgralion of economic~. For this reason. the 
Greens win be holding a Green Economics C0n-
ference !his fall. 

The failure of the Big ~ ini1iaIive (Prop. 
128) in Nov., 1990 is • perfect eumpIe of the 
public's belief Ihal envirolmeaaJ bcncfilS can 
oaly come at the expense of the ecouomy. One of 
Ibe major lISts oftheGreea Party will be todispd 
tbismydl. 

1beGnas needlDen ......... conservin& 
eoerJY illaeasea economic efficiency, reduc::iDa 
pollution ~ beIIth care coses.lDd elimi-
nating excess prh,i"llDd WIllIe CIIl save bi1-
lions of dolllrs ill diIpoaI COllI. 

The Jooa-tenD beaefiaJof .. eoviroamaMIIIy-
mioded economic 1InIIe&Y. aimed II prewndoo 
and c:oosemrion. will acIUaIIy SIIqIhen and 
stabilizle the economy. 

The Greens iepi_ naI oaly a new poJiricaI 
voice. but • new way of cooductina politics IS 
weD. The J*1Y ha no rigid hiean:by, ... is 
insIcad IUD by consensus. 

Whereas Ihe Republicans and Democrats are 
dominaIed by career politicians, the Greens draw 
their strength from grass-roors activisls. Rather 
man carering to the desires ofwealrby campaign 
conbibutors, the G~ are inImt upon repre-
senting the needs of the people. In this way. they 
are more democratically representative of "the 
people" and less prone to auaocratic lUle for 
fmancial gain or advancemenL 

For now ,IbeGreens plan to focuson local (city 
and county) elections. Over the next two years 
they will concentrale on building their member-
ship up to the pany's goal of a half million. 

Ho~ever. in 1994 they expect to be ready to run 
in statewide elections. 

With this added strength. they may be able to 
win one of the numerous assembly or senate scats 
opened by term limits. 

Because of the Greens' liberal focus. many 
IeiIders of Ihe Democratic Pany are concerned 
that they will siphon off votes, thereby giving an 
advantaae to the Republicans. However. the 
Greens are sensitive to this problem. The Greens 
describe themselves as an issue-based party, and 
are Iherefore willing to support candidates from 
ocher panies if they approve of their policies. 

For example, rather than running a long-shot 
candidate for the senate in November. the party 
will probebly throw its support in with the candi-
dale who best rep-esenI5 ilS views, such as Dem0-
crat Bart.ra Boxer. 

A pMy spokespenondescribed ilS position-
"Our main ao-I is nor to get elected and reelccred, 
butlOshIpc poIicy."This reflects Ihe party's core 
vinue; ndberlhmilCCkin& 10 gain powerfor itself, 
iIs pi is simply 10 improve society. 

B)'emUogaspoton theSlllle baUoc, the Greens 
will be IbIe 10 lOcus sorely needed alIenIion on 
iuuessucbatecological SUSlainabilil)', Requal 
represeoIIIion for women .... minoriliea. 

However, once the media". iaitia curioIity 
WQI'S off, the ~ will be left willl Ihec:blJlenr 
of convincin& vOlen thai it em pcovide. wadt-
able and etrccdve a1lern11ive 10 Ihe Republican 
aod Democrat party dominance. 

If it fails, it will fall by Ihe wayside IS just 
8DOIher third .,.ny, 

But ifitstlcceedl. itwilljoin lhe .... ofGreen 
JW1ies around Ihe worid in shaping naaionaI and 
iUtEilaiwai policy. 

Monday, January 27, 1992 

COMMENTARY 

What They Don't 
Tell You About 
'Safe Sex' 
• Stopping AIDS made easy 
By Matthew Ro6i .... 
Associate Opinion Editor 

This week has been designated AIDS 
Awareness Week. 1lle week will no 
doubt include speeches against the dis-
ease and the usual litany about the vir-
lUes of safe sex. Idonotwishtodownplay 
the significance of a week dedicated to 
the preservation of human life. How-
ever, it does become tiring to talk about 
"safe sex" at the expense of extoll ing 
the virtues of abstinence. 

"Safe sex" results from a train of 
thought by a person that wants all the 
pleasure attainable without the respon-
sibility. 

Now. there are many individuals who 
are using this week to encourage safe 
sex in order that lives may be saved. Of 
course. saving a person from physical 
hann is a very good end - the end of 
AIDS AwarenessWeek. But physical 
well-being counts for very little if the 
person is emotionally harmed. No one 
would say that a physically fit ""lpe 
victim is not unhanned. 

I believe this is the mistake of those 
who think that safe sex keeps them safe 
from all harm. The best possible reflec-
tion I ever read on the subject was by 
novelist and former sexual liberation 
guru, Erica Jong. 

Her views are very enlightening in 
that they are from a woman who has 
experienced what she once preached. 
These are her words from an article in 
Ms. magazine subtitled "A Sexual Litr 
ertine Recants." 

She says, "Sex is too volatile and 
overwhelming a force to use indiscrimi-
nately. When we use it indiscriminately, 
it is dulled and tarnished. When we use 
it indiscriminately, it takes its revenge 
by using us indiscriminately. There is 
finally no substitute for love, for spiri-
tual sharing. for commitment, forcher-
ishing each other." 

According to Jong. abstinence is not 
a cop-out or a weakness. It is the virtue 
of the people who care not only about 
themsel ves but the others. She speaks as 
a person who believes that if sexual 
desire is wielded "indiscriminately" it is 
emotionally destructive. 

She makes a definite distinction be-
tween love and sex. 111ese are not the 
rantings of a preacher but the heartfelt 
convictions of a person who has been 
hun. 

11 has become very common to 
downplay the ability of human beings to 
control their sexual urges. This is the 
defeatist "boys will be boys" mentality. 
But the devastation that is wrought 
within our society by unharnessed de-
~i .... iii.': nnit,. ~vvt.-nt . 

The transmission of AIDS is not the 
only evil There is evidence that illegiti-
macy grew by as much as 350 percenI in 
the last decade. Anyone wOO 1m experi-
erm rapeordare rape is a tragic example 
of a society that sees women as objects. 

This is not just an issue of unjust 
power but an issue of self-conttol and 
respect. 

But one does not need statistics to 
verify the effecr of a culture destroying 
itself with sex. BillboanIs. music and 
videos are a testament to a society thai 
uses sex to persuade and sell everything 
from beer to blue jeans. 

It is evident that a society that uses 
See SEX, Pap 6 

The UCSD Guardian OPINION 5 

INTERVIEW 

Tommy Tucker CalIS Admin's Action 'Half.Cocked' 
.1\vo generations of Tuckers consider the co-op controversy and its implications 
ByINtt....,.. 
SeniOr stIIff WWter 

., wastheie whenCYC2)1hingfust started 
that morning. I was wallting up to the Food 
CcHlp. right about 10 o'clock. Everyone 
started getting kicked out and I heard all 
their cries. They started pounding on the 
windows here and pounding on the win-
dows there. Banging on the windows and 
yelling. I was next to some guy. He I"cIfI up 
there and put his band through one of the 
windows." 

One of the students surrounding the 
General Store on the morning ofWednes-
day. Jan. 15 was Thomas Tucker ill (no 
relation). an undeclared first-year Revelle 
student. 

He is also a froquentco-op patron. "I go 
tothalbealthfoodstorethereaIOl."Tucker 
said. "It's a lotcbeaper than the Wliversity 
SCOla. so thaI's where I go." 

In recalling the morning's events, 
Tuckerwasenthusiastic. "Y cab, I was part 
of it! I had a Humanities discussion at nine. 
I gOl out about 9:50 a.m. and went down 
thete." 

Tucker's father, Thomas Tucker II, was 
a member of UCSD's entering freshman 
class in 1964. He graduated in 1969 with a 
degree in physics. Tucker returned to 
UCSD to get a Master'sdegree in 1978. 

The irony of their names being identi-

" He' s doi~ an invisible raise of 
the fees here. It keeps his 

empire alive. And if it affects 
these students, what's a dollar 

or two to the students? 

" THOMAS TUCKER II 
UCSD alumnus 

caito that of Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Student Programs and Facilities Tommy 
Tucker is not lost on the pair. "For years 
we've been getting his phone calls," said 
Tucker II. 

Both Tuckers condemned the admin-
istration 's actions. 

"BasicalJy, he's trying to get rid ofco-<lpS 
so they can get [outside] vendors in there," 
Tucker m said. "It seems really unfair to me. 
A lot of the point of having the student stores 
is for the students· benefit, and he's going 
completely against that. 

"'The Wliversity is mainly for students. 
it's not really for admini tr.uors:' he con-

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

tinued. 
His father agreed. "What he's got to do 

is follow the rules. Because if you don' t 
follow the rules it's worse. I'm a captain in 
the naval reselVes, and one thing I've 
learned is that if you try to go off half-
cocked, you'll pay. 

" He's trying to get money for his pro-
grams," Tucker n continued. "He prob-
ably gets sornepercentageofthe take from 
the (university] book tore. 

"In some sense, he' doing an invisible 
raise of the fees here." he said. "By getting 
additional looney for his programs, it keeps 
hi empire alive. And if it affects these stu-
dents, what's a dollar or two to the tudents?" 

When asked what he would say to the 
assi tant vice chancellor, Tucker III com-
mented. "I really don' t like what he's 
doing. because he didn't even check with 
[Chancellor Richard] Atkinson. I don't 
know if Tucker had the authority to do this. 

"I don't think that's right," Tucker m 
continued. "I think there should have been 
more consullation.1 think a lot of things he 
did seem underhanded. He went in there at 
night. There was no poinl.lf he was going 
to do something just to avoid confronta-
tions like this. you would think he would at 
least give notice. becauseeven if that wasn't 
required, it would have avoided all this 
tension across the university." 

There is No Such Thing as the Model Minority Myth 
Editor: 

In response to Kate Frierson' s letter to 
the Guardian (Jan. 13): Although I may 
agree with Miss Frierson 's conclusions 
about Timothy Haeg 'sarticleon the right to 
hate, her stance on the subject of Asian-
Americans is unclear and seemingly un-
founded. 

She slates in her letter, "[Haeg] also 
urges minority groups to get their act to-
getherlike the Asian-Americans have. The 
success of Asian-Americans. if you choose 
to believe in this Model Minority myth. is 
due in large part to Asian-Americans' will-
ingness to completely assimilate into the 
white dominant culture. often abandoning 
their own culture." 

Although Miss Frierson refers to Model 
Minority ideology as a myth. it is not clear 
from her statements that she knows that it is 
only that - a myth. IT she doesn' t believe 
the hype, my apologies to her. But regard-
less, the issue should be addressed because 
mosr people seem to take the Model Minor-
ity myth as gospel. and the wording in her 
letter perpetuates such propaganda Yes, 
there are many. many Asians working in 
low-wage fields that no one else wants or 
takes. 

Hundreds of Chinese garment worlcers 
in San Francisco were recently left penni-
less when their employer skipped town 
with their wages and "retirement" fund. 
Although the media mostly ignores the 
existence of Asian-American gangs and 
crime, in many urban areas. there are many 
Asian-American youths who drop out and 
are in gangs. and into other things such as 
drogs, car theft and much more. 

Many Asians do not fit into the Model 
Minority image. but those few who do are 
noticeable simply because they are the ones 
used as evidence for upholding the Model 
Minority myth. Those who don't can be 
"ignored" as aberrations because they do 
not belong to a category that most people 
are sensitized to. 

The Model Minority myth is very darn-

aging to those Asians who do not fit into the 
story becau e when they need help the 
most, they find the other cheek turned, as if 
to say. "What's your problem? You'resup-
posed to be successful." As a result, when 
Asian communities as a whole are faced 
with a problem. it is much harder for them 
to find the help they need to address it. 

The Model Minority myth sets a bad 
precedent for non-white ethnic communi-
ties faced with problems. ( would, how-
ever. like to emphasize that it is the Model 
Minority myth. or the stereotype of Asians 
as the Model Minority and not Asian-Ameri-
cans themselves t.hal set the bad example. 

Matt Baldwin 
hairman, Asian and Pacific 

Islan d· , . tudent AUiance (APSA) 

A Note From Your 
Student Regent 
Editor: 

In the past several days, I have talked 
with many students and alumni. both in 
person and by phone, who have asked me 
why I chose to vote in favor of a student fee 
increase for 1992-93, along with a majority 
of the Board of Regents. on Jan. 17 in 
Davis. I hope these few words will provide 
some answers 10 what has been a very 
difficult issue for me. 

For me, and for many of my colleagues 
on the board, this fee increase was simply 
the lesser of two evils. In responding to the 
Governor's budgerproposal, we were faced 
with either limiting access to the university 

by cutting enrollments, reducing quality or 
increasing fees to provide a place at the univer-
sity for all qualified California students. We 
reluctantly chose the latter. 

Given the financial aid package that ,was 
developed as part of our fee propo al - which 
ensures that theenlire fee increase wi II be offset 
by grants and loans for those who qualify - I 
felt that fewer students would be harmed by 
this option. 

A "no" vote from me would have changed 
nothing, ellcept to signify that I was willing to 
sacrifice a quality education for every UC 
student. and that I would risk shutting the door 
on a large number of future students. i neluding 
a disproportionate numberof students of color. 

I am certainly not in favor of cost-prohibi-
tive fees. If the state legislature can allocate 
funding to the University of California, I be-
lieve the regents will reduce fees accordingly. 
I urge all concerned students to share their 
views with legislators at every opponunity. I 
intend to do the same. 

Finally, I want students to know that I take 
my charge as a student regent very seriously, 
and that my decisions are and will continue to 
be based on what I believe is the best for 
students - that is, maintaining the quality of 
the University of California within today's 
difficult fiscal climate. 

Diana Darnell 
UC Student Regent 

UC San Francisco 

The UCSD Guardian welcomes your 
letters and commentaries. Drop your letter 
at the Guardian offices (on the second 
floor of the old Student Center, above the 
General Store) or mail it to: 

OpInIon Edtor 
GuanIIMt 

9500 GIlman Dr. 0318 
LI Jolla, CA 92092.0316 

Letters should be typed, double-spaced, 
and must include a name and a phone 
number. Letters without a name or phone 
number will not be printed. We reserve the 
right to edit for length and clarity. 



6 OPINION The UCSD GUII'diIn Moaday, J......., 27,1992 

/ 

Midte'l11-
Shmidte'in. 

SEX and women are noc hun by these lltificial c:riIaia obviously does noc 
C M 11-..... 

- - know Ibis campus or their fellow 
........ ia.*-IyislikelylOshow humM bcinp. 
lbeeffeclslhllEricaJongtalbabouL A penon is much mcft dIM the 
But aU dICIe problems find their sumlOCalofbodypar1S.lnaworidin 
lOIu1ion DOC in laws or "safe sex." wbicb people are saarvina for re-
1beir_werisfoundinabslincnce. spccl, dignity and genuine friend-
In die idea IhIl humans are noc de- ship, self-conarol and responsibility 
fined by ICXU8IiIy alone. may be ran: but certainly noc anti-

Read the Guardian. The QOIiCCpI may seem 0UIdaIed quaaed. and even foolisb 10 a society which A final example comes from my 
believes thallbe idea is to "live for I'OOIIDIIIC, who while in the UCSD 
1Oday." But any penon who cares to bookstore overbeard two .... SlU-
walk aroundClll.,us judginl ochers dents dins abouI prostitutes. One 
by !heir IIbiIily to fulfill GQ or Cos- turned to the odier and said, "Why 
mopoIiIan imaaes will find IhIlmany should I pay when lean act it forf~ 
people may DOC fit those suingent by lying to some girt and saying I 
specifiC8rlons. love her." I just hope they have safe 

We are now hlrtn, staff for the 1992·93 academic year 
. -

FIFTH COLLEGE - ~ 
RESIDENT ADVISOR 

POSITIONS 
/ 

REQUIIJEMENTS: • 2.5 QPA preferred _ 
- . • oerrionstrilted leadership abillty: - . 

. ' Interpersonal IIkJIIs and - ~, . r 
. prolrammlna experience · .f -, 

~. 

Wedneedey, FeIInIIry 5--Inrom.tIon Seuion, Pepper c.n,on 1.odCe, 9 p.m. 
F., FtbnIIry 14 Ipplcltlonl due 4 pm 
w......u" February 1.9-4roup Intel" 

PIck up a refernI from c..er ...... 

TONIGHT. 
CALL FOR ROOM SERVICE. 

Use these coupons for the best deal on campus. 

CALL DOMINO'S PIZZA. 

CALL US! 
4S2-UCSD 

Houn: 
11 am-I am 
Sun.-Thurs. 

:IILDOi •• IO'S 11 am-2 am Fri. &:·Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCHI 

1\11111\1>1 \I~ • \1()'\ll"\\I,\(,(IIlII,' 

LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! I MEDIUM 
2 MEDIUM PIZZAS I 

WITH 2 TOPPINGS &t I MEAL DEAL 
A SIX·PACK OF COKE® II $1299..... I $975 p~" 

Two Mediwn OIUCINAL pIDaI eech with TWO: MediuIII Two-Tewa. ORIGiNAL piaa IIId Two 
Ioppin8s 1IId. ~ 01 CoIIt for ONt Y St2.t.. Cole for ONLY""" Caupon awquINd. WeIIIon 
DIItvay orCmyouL Noeoupon requIrtd. JUST I 
ASK! Good Ifter 9:GO pJIL only. ..... onIIrq. DfIIwry 0Ic.nyaut. 
CALL US! &52-VCSD I CALL US! ~2-UCSD 1 .... _-.. _ ... · 
.. -.... -.... ~-..-.-=~==.::=-: I =::"'I.~:-'" ..... iMI. _ ..... iMI. 
------

ThepersonwhothinksliWlymen sex. 

"Surviving Rape: 
A Personal Story" 
MONICA GAYLE 
ANCHOR, KNSD NEWS, CHANNEL 39 

GALLERY 8 
~...l.--.... PRICE CENTER 

JANUARY 30, 1992, THURSDAY, 6:30 P.M. ·8:30 P.M: 
ADMISSION FREE 

5PONSORED BY THE UCSD WOMEN'S CENTER AND ORGANIZED BY THE 
CHANCEllOR'S Ar:Nr!!Jt)ff'( COMMITTEE ON THE STATUS OF WOMEN 

THIS MAY BE 
THE PROGRAM 

FOR YOU ••. 
UClA MIIIInICrIdenIIII PnJpn or Telcla CrIdentIII Prapn 

The Teacher Education laboratory of the UCLA Graduate School of 
Education Is pIeaaed to offer a program during 1992-93 in which students 
may simultaneously earn a Masters Degree and a Teaching Credential in 
four quarters of study. 
:'he Teacher Education Laboratory also ~8f8 a Teacher Cradential Program 
In which students may earn only a teaching credential in three quarters. 
The Teacher Edut'aIion laboratory is seeking a diverse group of applicants 
from a variety of backgrooods and fields of study. Interested senior and 
graduate studenIs are invited to submit applications for either the Maslersl 
CradentiaJ Program or the Teacher Credalliial Program before the April 15, 
1992 deadline. The Graduate School of EducatIon also ofters financial aid 
jleCIcaaIs-lncIudIng the pr88tigIous $8,000 Dean's Sc:hoIarIhIps-for 
TEl stUdents. 

For mont inbmation and to nteeMt an application form please contact: 

The OffIce of Student ServIce8 
(310) I2H32I 

MGaday, Jaa...,. 27,1992 

RJNDING 
CoIIIInuId ......... 1 
the studrnt activities fees through 
the wUversity. "TechnicaJly, it is 
UC Resent money," Woodard said. 

B .. aa:ordingtoAS. Vic:.cPIW-
dent AdrninistnItjve Mike Holmes. 
the fea are stticdy SIUdenl monies. 
"This is money thal SlUdenIs should 
be able to control," be said. 

Woodard said tbal in aIlocatiol 
money forlbeClO-<lp5 'lepldcfalse. 
the AS. could be seen. taking pan 
in the Iepl action. Since the AS. is 
a wUvcrsity studco& orpnizaIion. 
one could say tbal the university 
would be suins itself. 

"Can a corporate entity sue its 
owncorpol'-.ior1rWoodard asbd. 
"If it is 1epI, ~ But I'd hare for 
them to make an appropriation and 
find out later that it is not lepl." be 
added. 

Holmes conrendcd that the allo-
cation is IqaI. "If you go through all 
the Poliq and Procedure Manuals. 
there is no policy thaI says our ac-
tions are illegal," he said. 

Orozco said if University Coun-
sci decides thal the allocation is 
illegal, the AS. may b)' to take legal 
action against the university. 

"If the universitydeloides that we 
can't use that money, it may mean 
legal action .. . [to] give us access to 
our own accounts," he said. 

But. he added. "It would be a 
pretty expensive banIe." 

"We would have to be creative in 
genendinl our own money. We 
wouldn't use srudcnt fees. It is im-
portant for us to at least by to gain 
control of our own funding. 

"We'regoingtohavetodo~ 
thing if the AS. is here to defend 
students' rights," Orozco said 

HoImesaddcd,bowever, "Sofar, 
it looks like [the biD] might go 
throup." 

The AS. has been creative in 
fmding ways to support the co-op 
legal action. Besides the bill intro-
ducedlasl Wednesday ,anotherfuOO-
ing bill is listed as new business for 
Wednesday's meeting. 

AccordinatoAS. Conmissioner 
ofProgramrning Daniel Bondurant. 
the second biD would increase the 
price of admission to the AS. FtIm 
series from $1 to $2, appcopriating 
the second dollar to the co-ops' le-
gal defense fund. 

"[A.S. Vice President Adminis-
trative] Mike Holmes and I are by-
ing to figure out whether to make 
the second dollar optional - you 
could buy a $1 or a $2 ticket," 
Bondurant said. 

"Or we could keep [the price] at 
$1 and lei the co·opuet up shop in 
the lobby to collect donations so 
[the funds] wouldn't go through the 
wUvcrsity ," he added, saying that 
he intends to dis&:uss this option aI 
this weeks' council meeting. 

In fact, he said, becausethe AS. 
does not have to vote to allow the 
co-ops to solicit donations at screen-
ings. the co-ops had already been 
invited to ask for donatiOC'iS at last 
Thursday's Price Center screening 
of "Judo." "They didn't come, 
though. I have to talk to them about 
that, " Bondurant said. 

Bondunllll also said that bill 188 
originally silled tbatthe $600 would 
come from the A.S. FtIm Series 

income~ 
The li1IOUdof$600 WII cboIen 

bccauIe dill InSID the film series 
~ could Iifbd and IIilI be 
able IIO~ moricI fortbe tat of 
the 1CbooI~. 

BocIcIur.-IDdHolnact.lpd 
the biD 110'" tbIt die ftIIidI would 
come lJOmaa..l UDIIIocIIDd •• 
thai budgeI could afford it 

The UCSD Guardian 

Stuffy /Runny Nose? 
We are currently evaluating new allergy medications for 

sneezing, post-nasal drip, stuffy/runny nose 
and Itchy ~/eyes. 

Asthma? 
Volunteers, ages 6-60. are needed to evaluate new 

medications for wheezing, coughing, and chest 
tightness. Patients need to be taking asthma 

medications regularly and have no other major 
health problems. Qualified participants will be 

paid for their participation . 

for iIIOre detAIls call 292- •• 44 
........ forlall. 

Allel'lY & Asthma Medical Group 
-' Research Center, A.P.C. 

3444 KEARNY VILLA ROAD, SUITE 100 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92123 

TI Calculators work harder. 
To you work smarter • 

~TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 

Introducing the TI ... 81 
A powerful, yet easy-to--use graphics '-dJ'.Ul~ILU' 

UCSD BOOKSTORE 
ELECTRONICS DEPARTMENT 534 - 4320 
OPEN: MOM· FRI 8AM· 6PM AND SAT lOAM - SPM 

Artists that listen. 
Before your next hair appointment think 
about these questions ... 
Q. W'/Jal iSlYI/lr h(/ir rI()ill.~ 

I b(/ I rOil 1/'(/1/1 il 10 
COllllllllt' "(Jill.~ .' 

Q. 

Q. 

Inull is lVllr hoi,. 
d(lill~ Ilial YOII d (J II '1 
1I't11/1 illo he d(lil/.~ .' 

\\'(l/Ild 1"1111 lih· SOli//!-
Ibill)4 lieu' (/lId d(l/i' fC'lIl ? 

Look your best ever. 
We have 

"Artists that Listen." 
Mens Cuts Womens Cuts 
14.00 OFF $5.00 OFF 

(Aeg.S21.00J (Aeg.S26.00J 
.. ..... -.: :~r: 
. -_ ....... 

---_ .. _--\ .'.' ....... - -
...... " ...... ----

NEWS 7 

----------------

• I • • • • • • • 0 • • 
I COFFEE • I I 
I & TEA • I I 
I OVER 50 COFFEES & TEAS • I • I .. 2 for 1 • I WI' • • I • I ON ANY COFFEE DRINKS • 
• 

I 

• 
Valid wirh coupon ilnd SlOOenIID only ~ 1:)0 and 6:)0 p.m. 

• I 
ExpiteS 1/8191. I 

• 
STORE HOURS • 

• 
M-Th 7 am-lO pm; F-Sat. 7 am-ll pm; Sun. 7 am-9 pm 

• 
• 

LIVE MUSIC 
• 

• • 
Wed. & Thurs., 7-9:30 pm, frio & Sat. 8-10 pm 

• 
• 8935 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 110 • 
• San Diego, CA 92122. (619) 453·9252 • 

• 
• • 
I _______________________ J 

LA JOLLA BREWING COMPANY 

Sun.·1hurs. 
11 am-12 pm 
fri.-Sat. 
11 am-2am 

"Hey Red, IS is the best beer 
and fish sandwich place in town : 
~'.> 

• Lunch 
• Dinner 
'Oyatar Bar 
, 21,. llUdent I) 

7536 FAY AVE .... CAll 4S6-BREW 

• 



8 NEWS 

TALKS 
ContInued from ..... 1 
against the admini tration is highly 
probable. According 10 Dubb, there 
i a coun date set for Feb. 7, only 
four day after a second meeting 
with the administration is sched-
uled to take place. 

AI this couJt hearing, if it should 
occur, the co-ops wiU try to extend 
the limits of the restraining order 
which was granted to the General 
Store to cover all the co-ops and for 
a longer period of time. 

"Legal action is highly pr0b-
able .... There' s been progress but 
it's been in inches, not miles," Dubb 
said. 

McKay felt that theoptions were 

simple. "If the administration rec-
ognizes the c<Hlp as a student orga-
nization, that' fine. If not, we take 
them to court, " she said. 

However, the co-ops ~ not the 
only organizations which an: threat-
ening the adminiscration with Iepl 
action. The A.S. i aisoconsidering 
legal action if the administration 
maintains a freeze they put on $600 
which was allocated from A.S. re-
sources to help fund the co-ops' 
legal defense. 

"The administration does not 
know if (the transfer of the money I 
is legal or ifit conflicts with policy," 
said A.S. Vice President Admini -
trarive Mike Holmes. According to 
Holmes, the A.S. has set up a task 
force 10 look inlolegaioprions. "The 

The UCSD Guardian 

administration i telling us we can't 
pend our own fees," said Holmes. 

Walson conlended that the 
administration' actions were justi-
fied. "It i inappropriate for A.S. to 
use university funds to sue the ad-
mini tration," he said. 

"There ~ things we can still 
do:' said A.S. President Agust(n 
Orozco. "We're going to fight for 
thi . We will take legal action if 
necessary. " 

Dubb finds that the difficulty the 
A.S. has encountered hits the cen-
tral issue of the crisis. 

"II's the same issue - control of 
fees. If students had control over 
fees, this crisis would have never 
happened," he said 

According to McKay, the UCB 

is trying 10 assert authority over its 
funds by re-allocating Director Jim 
Canuthers' salaJy for other pur-
poses. The issue is on the agenda for 
lonight 's UCB meeting. 

"[The administration] \Will prob-
ably freeze those funds IS well," 
said McKay. "Bul iI'S nearly unani-
mous in uca that Canuthers should 
be fired" 

Student support for the co-ops 
remains strong. Lasl Thursday over 
SOOstudents, staff and faculty mem-
bers showed their suppon for the 
co-ops by attending a genera1 as-
sembly 81 the Hump, which was 
covered by several local news sta-
tions. 

Many speakers stepped forward 
to voice their opinion to the crowd 

Monday, January 27, 1992 

while student volunteers collected 
signatures in support of the co-ops. 
The assembly served to inform and 
update the UCSD community in 
addition 10 lirring up upport for 
student rights. 

Said Dubb, "We're extremely 
pleased with the student activism. It 
is beyond all expectations." 

In addilion 10 student peakers, 
several faculty members spoke in 
support of the co-ops and urged 
other faculty and staff members to 
join them in fighling for studenl 
rights. 

"The administration is afraid of 
you," Political Science Professor 
Peter Irons said in support of the 
students' struggle against the ad-
ministration. 

COFFEE It REGISTERED UNDEIGIADSANDPOSTOOC'S Olt~ 
'«' 

• Quiche • Danishes 
• Seafood Salad • Scones 
• Chicken Curry • Cappuccino 
• Garden Salads , • Gourmet Coffee 

~ J 

• Homemade Soups • Fresh Breads 
Uncle Nick says ItCaffeine is brain food, so get 
those synapses a-blastin' over at our house," 

OPEN 7 AM - 5 PM • 7 Days a Week • 481-8590 

"COVER YOUR BOD" 
WITH 

SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT 
INSURANCE 

Student Premium- $128.00 
Spouse- $ 210.00 
Children- $142.00 

(per querier) 

ENROLLING NOW 1307 Stratford Court • Del Mar 
(Corner of 13th & Stratford Court) Information and applications are available at 

Student Health Center. 0039 • 53.4-2123 

Niillio 

Monday, January 27,1992 The UCSD Guardian SPORTS 9 

EARL 
ContInued ......... 18 
three guys, all of them named Earl, 
sitting behind you and yelling hel~ 
ful CommenlS like "Get a load of1he 
intake manifolds 00 her!" 

('()R'ES 'I()I()I~S 

Of course nodting beals a good 
old-fashioned outdoors show for 
old-fashioned excitement I can 
think of no better way of spending 
time than watching Earl and Earl 
drink a gallon of 1l1OOII5hine, get in 
a rowboat. go to me middle of a lake 
and try and catch a fish. As. iffishing 
wasn't boring enough. now they 
expect you to warch it 00 T. V? 
Wouldn't it begre81 if one of these 
times Earl hooked a great white or a 
kiUer whale? 

The hunting ponion of the show 
couJd use some work too. How about 
letting Earl and Earl use a grenade 
launcher instead of a boring old 12-
gauge? Maybe they should make il 
more of a conlest, and lei the ducks 
wear bullet-proof vests. 

Yes, with all of these sporting 
choices, it's hard to figure out jusl 
which ones to watch. I use a real 
simple fonnula: turning the chan-
nello "Gilligan's Island." 

But what about spons that aren't 
on T.V. that should be? Yestenlay' s 
Super Bowl was a perfect example. 
We spent the whole game suffering 
through Taco Bell and Pepsi c0m-
mercials. The one hope that kepi us 
watching was thai Bud Bowl IV 
would beyer anothetthrilling match-
up between the glassy gridiron glad-
iators. But what do they go and do? 
No BudBowl action at aII,just some 
stupid guy chasing a pigeon and his 
dog around. What the hell is thai? 
This calls for serious consumer ac-
tionl I'll bet Tommy Tuckerand the 
administration are behind it! 

The Guardian 

Read it. Recycle it. 

1991 VW 
CABRIOLET $15,987 

(017571) 

~i~! FOX $6,249 
(001454, (01328) . ~==i7i;=::::::;~ 

1991 ALFA 164L $23,974 

Automalic, AlC, leather interior, AMlFM stereo cassette, power 
seats/windows locks, cruise controls, custom wheels & morel 
Three at this price (209123,215159, 215607) . 

THE RIDE 
OF YOUR 
LIFE ... 
For European Performance at 
a price you can handle ... come 
to Cornes Motors. 

VOLKSWAGEN and ALFA 
Now available at 

9010 Miramar Rd. 
Mira Mesa 578·8600 

Conveniently TO 
LA 

located one t 
mile west of 

Interstate 15. 
-. ...... ~~.,.. 

All prices plu lax; li c. & doc. fees. Offe r expires 213/92. 

0\\ ""::Iov !!hings comet!~~d"'P"ff you Just CO".,. 
your dry cleaning. Pickup live ... ,-.. " 
groceries . Dn your banking. Your "j &"J 0 
dieting. Your art frilming. And 1._., 
nevt'r move your (elr. .,,~ 

If you 're hungry for an illl -you -
can-eelt treelt, come to the Soup 
he ....... Pick MeDOMI"'1 with 
playlillld to keep everyone in the 
family happy. To satisfy your 
crelving for a good book, s hop 
Iookl'.r. Looking for a good 
huy? TIl. ".'1 W •• rho.,. will 
!>uit you fine . And all the comforts 
of home, elre weliting ilt Pi.r 1 
..... r'l. 

COSTA VERDE 
For all those everydelY things 

that usuCllly take 10 trips, take il 
s hortcut jnst~ad . Eas ie r living is 
right clround the corner. 

At Costa Verde. 
C orner of Genesee & 
La Joll<l Villilge Dri ve. 
45R-9270 

Big Bear • Bookstor • Pier 1 • Dow Stereo • Men's Wearhouse • Plus many specialty shops, services & restaurants 



]0 The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 27,1992 

UC STUDENT ASSOCIA nON 
ANNUAL SWDENT LEGISLATIVE SUMMIT IN SACRAMENTO 
Friday, Febnwy 21 - Monday, February 24 
Lobby iegisillors in the Slate Capitol. 
Speak your mind and advocate for students' rights. 
All students welcome. sign ups begin January 21.8:30 am 
$10.00 registration fee. 
Sign up 3rd floor Price Center with the AS Receptionist. Alma 
1st come - 1st served 
Call Heather with any questions: 534-4450 

A.S. MEETING 
Every Wednesday. 6:30 pm 
Student Leadership Chambers 
Price Center. Third Aoor 
Come and get involved!! 

LOCAL BANDS: 
If you want to play at NOON in the Price Center. 
drop off a tape and bio to the A.S. Office • 3rd floor. Price Center 

AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL ... 
... Will be having an informational session on the death penalty 
Wednesday. January 29. 7:00 pm 
WLH 2005 
JOIN US! 

BE PUBLISHED. 
Abbdabs. UCSD's lit/arts journal is currently accepting submissions for its Spring 
Issue. Submit your poetry. fiction. script. mu ical scores. photography, 2-D an 
or random text to the Literature Office by the end of 5th week. 

SIGMA CHI 
DERBY DA YS BBQ 
Friday. January 31. 11 :30 - 2:30 pm 
Muir Field for $5.00 
Johnny Rockets Del Mar. Hamburger, Mug, Pepsi, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream 
Coupon; Proceeds go to Children's Hospital and UCSD Day Care; Tickets for 
BBQ on sale in Price Center from 11 :00 am - 3:00 pm. 
For more info go to booth at Price Center. 

ARMENIAN STUDENT ORGANIZATION 
DINNER-MEETING 
Wednesday. January 29. 7:30 pm 
Meet outside Peterson Hall - Facing parking lot 

CWD POLITICAL FILM SERIES 
'THE SPIRAL" 
University collusion in US foreign policy 
Friday. January 31. 7:00 pm 
Solis Lecture Hall 107 
FREE! 

FINANCE BOARDS 
STUDENT ORGANIZATION FINANCE BOARD (SOPS) 
Position available for Muir & Revelle College 

CULTURAL PROGRAMMING FINANCE BOARD (CPFB) 
Po ' itions available for Revelle College 
See ),ollr college cOllncils for appointments. 

A.S. INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
• Apply now for spring and summer intemships on the local. state, and national 

level. 
• Deadline are as follows: 

Spring - San Diego Program - Friday. January 31 
Summer - National Program - Friday, January 31 
Summer - California Program - Friday, February 7 

• Specific California Deadlines: 
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Cal Tech. Pasadena - February I 
California State Senate FeUowhip. Sacramento - February 19 
Stanford Linear Accelerator Program - February 21 
UCLA Laboratory of Biomedical and Environmental Sciences - March I 

• San Diego Deadlines: 
NCR and Hewlett Packard - February 21 

• Pick up applications at our office in the Price Center, 3rd Aoor, Room 3.303 or 
call for more info at .534-4689 

INTERNA TIONAL CLUB 
WHALE MIORA nON LECTURE 
Monday. January TI . .5:30 pm 
International Center Conference Room 
Dr. Ben Kobiyuhi Iecturin& - excellenl presenlllion! 
FR · ! 

"WORLD RELIGIONS DISCUSSION FORUM" 
Monday, January TI. 6:30 - 8:00 pm 
International Center 
Panelists representing Judaism. Islam. Christianity. Hinduism. Buddhism. and the 
Baha'i faith will give a presentation followed by question-answer time with the 
audience. Everyone welcome! 

WH LE WATCHING TRIP 
Saturday. February I. 10:00 am 
Meet at Internllionaal Center 
S 10.00 in advance at International Center Foreign Student Office_ 
Info: 457-2184 or x43730 

GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY 
GENERAL MEETING 
Tuesday, January 28, 7:00 - 8:00 pm 
Davis-Riverside Room. Price Center 
Come for information about literacy project and other events. 

LITERACY PROJECT MEETING 
Open to everyone! 
Tuesday. January 28, 7:00 - 8:00 pm 
Davis-Riverside Room. Price Center 
Come for information and details. 

The Future of Socialism. Firsa meeting of the International Socialists Club 
Thursday at 3:45 in the Price Center. Berkeley Room. 

Advocale . tudent Rights in the State Legislature! Attend the University 
of Californw Student Association Legislative Conference in Sacramento! Sign-up in 
the A.S. offices, third floor of the Price Center at Alma 's office. 

MODEL UNITED NATIONS 
MEETING 
Monday. January 27. 6:00 -7:00 pm 
Davis/Riverside Room 
Nominations for '92-'93 officers. Far West info. and the Fall High School 
Conference will be discu sed. 
Contact 793-0039 for more information. 

PRE-MED MEETING 
Wednesday. January 29, 7:00 pm 
San Francisco/Santa Cruz Room 
Panel Discussion: Students presently applying to medical school 

A CELEBRATION OF LIFE 
AIDS MEMORIAL QUILT DISPLAY 
Price Center Ballroom 
UCSD La Jolla Campus 

Wednesday, Februa[)' 5 

HEART STRlNGS Performances 
Copley Symphony Hall 
7.50 B Street 

A Celebration of Life Opening Ceremony. 12:00 noon. Price Center Plaza 

Thursday. Februjl!)' 6 
Q u i It Display for area students, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 

flld. ty, FebruiUY 7 
OUIII Di~play for area tudents. 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
QUIlt Display. Ceremonial Opening for General Public, 7:00 pm 
Hean Strings performance for area students. 8:00 pm 

SaJUrday, Februjl!)' 8 
Quilt Display open general public, 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 
Heart Strings performance for area student • 2:00 pm 
Heart Strings Gala Evening: 
VIP Recepcion. 5:30 pm 
VIP Dinner. 6:00 pm 
Hean Strings Performance, 8:00 pm 
Post Show Cast Party, 10:30 pm 

Sunday Februjll)' 9 
Quilt Display open to general public. 10:00 am - 3:00 pm 

OtbcrEyems 
"Death Songs" AIDS Retrospective An Show by Timothy Grummon. 
Now - March 28, Price Center, Gallery B 

Canned and Packa&ed Food Drive. Price Center Plaza. 
Wednesday. February 5 - Friday, February 7. 11:30 am - 1:30 pm 
and at individual colleges, see college flyer for 10000ions. 

Monday, January 27, 1992 

.9Lssorted O/iny[ 
WANTS YOU TO KNOW ... 

• ~sortttl 'Vittyf is tht Qn •• nd only business in the Price 
Center that is • NON-PROFIT, STUOENT-R.UN 
ENTERPRISE! 

• ~sort.tlVtrtyfis operated by and for .tQJ.l--the students of 
UCSD. We provide music products and special order services 
at low prices to the campus community. 

• Although ~,uo"ud 'lI"trty{is not ~ Co-op, we ill' non-profit 
and student-controlled operOlion-just like the Crave Cafe, 
Soft Reserves, and A.S. Lecture Notes. W. are ~ an 
outside contr3ct vendor like the other Price Center businesses! 

• As plrt of the Associated Students. :Assort.tl 'lI"trtyf supports 
the ,1. .5. resolutions denouncing the ad minis tration's use of 
excessiv, force against the Co-ops . 

• 5Usorttd''Vutyffully supports srudent control of srudent funds. 
including the Co-ops and other srudent enterprises. 

Support student caatral-
Support Assorted Viayl! 
velD Pric. eeater·1I34-2733 

VOLUNTEER FLASHE~ 
ComInl up February 2 - 811 All Event 

In Dree Acta (AIDS Aware .... Week) In 
which the AIDS QUilt wiD be dllplayed here 
at UCSD. Several volu.teen are ItHl needed. 
I' Interested Itop by or live us a call. 

The Volunteer Connection is also pres-
ently planning an eliciting volunteer project for 
Spring Quaner called Hands On San Diego. 
Panicipants willleam through hands on experi-
ence about volunteer opportunities in many areas 
of concern. We need your help! If you are 
interested in being a planning committee 
member, call the Volunteer Connection at .534-
1414 or pick up an applicarion II our office 
located in room 3.302, third floor of the Price 
Center. 0nI)' 6 positions are available so call us 
and get involved today! 

PUN II havinJ their .... mentor training 
session 011 luIIII}' 30. DOrM' MISS IT!! It will 
be from 6 - 7:30 in Pepper Canyon Lodie. Come 
by for III appIic:arion IIId make a difference. 

The UCSD Guardian 

'RICE (ENTER THEATRE - ONLY $1.00 -IN)S MM 
TIClm"' ... IWU INANNtI "'TM UOIIOIIOIHU OIIHOIIlMllHOWATlMt DOOI 

11 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
VOLUNTEER at A..S. INTERNSHIP 
OFFICE I Gain interpersonal and 
gerenal office ski .. ; make contacts; 3 
hrsfwMk. 5J.4-.WI9. (1127-213) 
Ski Bear Mountain with RISC Sun. Feb 
9. $53 includes transportation. lift ticket. 
and "frothy" refreshoments. (1127) 
Study Abroad series, Fifth College Res. 
halls 7p.m. Moo, Jan 27, L.Arnerica in 
Dana Hall,lnternships abroadinCabrillo 
Hall. Countries Least Travelled in 
DeAoza Hall. Come hear information 
and discussion about living lWld studying 
in these countriesl (1127) 
There's stiM whale walching tickets 
leltl Satu",-y, Feb_ 1. $10 in advance 
at I-Center. Info: 457-2184. (tI27) 
World Religions Discu ssion : 
Panelists from six major religions . 
International Center, Monday. Jan. 27. 
6:30 p.m. FREEII (1121-1127) 
PRE-DENTAL CLUB MEETING to 
organize activities for the quarter. We 
need your input. 7:30-9:30 p.m .• Santa 
Barbara/L.A. room. Price Center. For 
more info call Michelle 453-2925 or 
Myra 565-83', . (1123-1127) 
A.S.I.O, INTERNSHIPSI Apply nowl 
Oeadlines: Spring (SO) and Summer 
(National)-1/31 ; Summer (CA)·217. 534-
4689. (1127-1130) 
Vail '92 A11-Cal windbreakers for sale at 
RISC table in Price Center. Tue-Fri. 10-
1. (1127-130) 
INTERNATIONAL CAFE every Fri., 
11 :30-1 :30 at the Inl'l Center. Make 
new Iriends. enjoy new menu each 
week. All Amer. & foreign sludents and 
stallweicome. Only 52.00. (1123-1127) 

Bean Futons 
Bags 4 

$17'5:, Less 
WHOLESAlf High-end 

PRICES hkn~at 
MANUFACTURER low, low 

DIRECT prices 

A"IUIII 
IUNU.UIII 

FIIIoIas FOIlm • DIe kM"" Mia 
8266 Miramar Rd. 

518-5145 

Research Volunteers 

UNHAPPY? 
FREE research studies evaluat-
ing medications are available to 
people 18 orolder 8uffering from 
depression. Symptoms includeasd-
ness, fatigue, 1081 of interest in 
daily activities, changes in sleep 
and weight, hopelusne18, and 
indecision. Suitable volunteers 
benefit from free medication, lab 
testa, physicals and psychiatric 
evaluations. Small travel pay-
ment offered. Call for a confi -
dential evaluation. 

[E{J0(3 = 554-0100 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 1 5-word increments. The rale per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for olhers. Payment 
in advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable 
to The UCSD Guardian) or presented ill person_ Deadlilles are 3 p.m_ Thursday for 
Monday's issue, and 3 p_m_ Monday for Thursday's issue. The Guardian reserves the 
right to refuse any advertising including but nor lim ired to companionship ads. For 
more information caI/534-5416. Mailing address: UCSD Guardian, 9500 Gilman 
Drive, 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Celller A, top floor. 

Help bring the world into focus ... 
Become a Fifth College Orientation 
Leader! Get job referral from part·time 
employment; bring to Filth College 
Advising, 412 MMC, for application. 
Deadline: February 3. (1127) 

LOST AND FOUND 
FOUND-Calculator.ln Galbraith Hall . 
Call Wayne 534-0599. Identify and 
cfaim. (1127-213) 
$50 REWARDformybtack. SCHWINN 
HIGH SIERRA mountain brke. STOLEN 
1121/92, York Hall. 278-5174. (1127-21 
27) 
Losli Silver men's pinky ring. blue lapis 
stone with copper inlay. between 
Warren and Muir on Jan. 7. 558-3732. 
Ask for Kurt or leave message. Rewardl 
( 1113-1127) 
Found bike helmet in Galbraith Hall. 
Call 534-331 t to identify. (1123-1130) 
Lost - 10 bracelet with" ·Ngami· 
engraved. Much sentimental value. If 
found. please call Alice 546-0198. (1/ 
23-tI27) 

SERVICES 
EXPERIENCED EDITOR-
Copyediting and rewriting at hourly rate 
for manuscripts, articles, and proposals. 
Call 286-3699. (1127) 
TUTORING-math.physlcs.computer 
programming. engineering. Help with 
homework Prepare for tests. Mark. 221 -
7176. (1/9-2110) 
Psychic - Tells past, present and 
future. specializing in reuniting the 
separate. One free question. Phone: 
294-2012. (1121 -1/30) 
PASSPORT PICTURES I New at Cal 
Copy. Only $5.95. While you wait. 
XeroKes and more. Near SI. Germain·s. 
452-9949. (9123-614) 
O!gaBari-Electroiogist: 12ooto 1500 
hairs per hour. 3256 Holiday Court. 
Student discounts. 558-4&441226-1962. 
(116-3112) 

PIANO LESSONS can be fun l Patient. 
experienced. local teacher. All levels 
weicome. Joan KUrland. 457-8065. (11 
16-2110) 
GUITAR LESSONS, for people serious 
about learning, or advancing present 
skills. $2Olhour. 270·9784. (11121 -1/ 
30) 
Having a bad hair day? call "The Cure" 
haircuts - men $10. women $15. 
Appointment 558-4656. (1121 -3/12) 
MOBILE OJ's - Hire KSDTs PARTY 
PACK for your next party or event. Low 
rales. 534-3673. (1121-1130) 
RESUMES . Professional word 
processing servia will make you look 
good I PagesPlu8 462-1240. (1127-1/ 
30) 

FOR SALE 
Pianeticket. Portland. Oregon. one way. 
t1 a.m. Feb. 8. AmWest. $60 OBO. 
Chris 457-81 65. (1127-'130) 
PUPPY: Rottweiler, 8 weeks, male. AKC 
and shots. $400. Have all papers. 792-
2392 (1121-1130) 
Skls-Rossignol 5-760 195 em with 
marker M-36 bindings. As is. $60. good 
condo Jay 569-5040. (1127) 
Desk-oak, huge, heavy. excellent 
condition, $125. 459-9519. (1127) 
MACINTOSH SE. almost new 40 
megabyte hard drive. Im~ II 
printer. extended keyboard. Mint 
condition. $1300. 792-8526 (1127) 
MUST SACRIFICE: 17' McGregor 
sailboatcompleteiyrestored--beautiful. 
2 saiis-cabin-EvinRude motor. 
$1 .000431-8527/434-6087_ (1127) 
Black 81 Vofkswagon Cabriolet. 5-sp. 
inc. $800 Denon pullout stereo. 71K 
miles. Must see I $3.689 or B.O.-
sur1board 6'5", G.C. Fulltractop leash. 
Styling blue green fade airbrush. $' SO. 
Brian 551-8709. (1127-1130) 
CULTILENNY KRAVITZ TICKETS (2) 
1129. decent seats $45 firm, 454-4788 
eves. best. (1127) 

Chi Omega 

Vail '91 All-Cal shells for sale at RISC 
table in the Price Center. Tue-Fri. 10-1. 
(1127-213) 
Computer-286. 16 MHz. 62 MB Hard, 
1.2 MBFD. Super VGA mono monitor. 
mouse. software. new $795 459-9519. 
(1127) 
For sale-1984 Caprice Classic, good 
condition. AlC + casseHe player. new 
brakes and new wiring. Brown deluxe 
mobile. fits 26 passengers. Asking 
$1500 OBO 597-0681 . (1127-1130) 
Bianci mountain bike w/ Iock_ Good 
condition. $225. Call Zak at 259-1287. 
(1127-216) 
Futon & 4-position frame. Never usedl 
$100; collee & end tables. 525 & $30. 
587-0095. (1/6-1130) 
1970VWBug.Goodengine.$5500.b.o. 
528-9530 (1121-1130) 
Macintosh Plus upgraded to LE. Mac 
station. printer, 1 MB RAM, $6OOo.b.o., 
call Theresa 793-0909. (1121-1127) 
Must sell 1980 VW Rabbit . Fuel 
injection. Great condition. $1500 o.b.o. 
Call 454-4966 momings/afternoons. (1 / 
9-3112) 
VW Rabbit 79 Auto. good engine. 
excellent body. needtranareseal. $650 
o.b.o. 459-8162. (1/13-1130) 
SIOUXSIE TIX FEB. 4 Good Seats. 3 at 
cost. Calt 558-2594 or 558-6662 (112'-
213) 
Futons 4 less. futons 4 less. futons 4 
less, futons 4 less. futons 4 less. futons 
4 less, futons 4 less. For more 
information, look for the ad on this pagel 
(1116-1127) 
'86 Chevy Sprint. auto. air. AMlFMcass. 
warranty. 45 mpg, xlnt condo $3200 
o.b.o. 583-5141. (1123-2110) 
Dresser. solid maple: $50. G-string 
acoustic guitar: $75. Paul 296-5359. (1/ 
23-213) 
HAWAlI!IIDesperatelysellingcertificate 
that entitles up to 4 people 5 nights in 
hotel accom. in Honolulu. 587-2184. 
Ask Andy. (1123-1127) 

Monday, January 27, 1992 

Bed - Queen, extra IIrm, brand new. 
SI00. 458-8518. (1127) 
MovIng Sale - c:ouc:h, maIching chair, 
tables. coIf.. tables. all $75. 
Bookshelves, S15 each. 459·9518. (1/ 
27) 

WANTED 
CDs, cassettes. VHS movies. Top S$ 
paid. Music Tradef, 7094 Miramar Rd. 
693-1468. (1127-3112) 
Wanted: teachers of piano, voice and 
guitar for pall-time instruction. Highest 
rat .. paid. 944-5199. (1127-1130) 
Outgoing, enthusiastic pre-law. pre-
med. business majors with saleslpubllc 
relations orientation. Hourly + bonus. 
587-8600. (1123-1127) 
FEMININE IRRITATION AND 
ITCHING? Joseph F. Kennedy. M.D .• 
and Harris Clinical Development are 
testing a new crearn tor treating vaginitis. 
Women with symptoms of vaginal 
discharge. irritatoin. itching and burning 
may be eligible to participate. FlYe offICe 
visits are required during the 5-week 
study period. Acompletephysical exam 
Is provided at no charge and study-
related care is free. Those completing 
the study will be paid $1 SO. For further 
information. call Tracy Wilson. R.N., at: 
619-455-7520. 9:00-4:00 Monday 
through Friday. (1123-2118) 

HOUSING 
Master bedroom available. Own 
battvoom. garage, sauna. all the good 
stuff. Clean . quiet. considerate 
individual, non-smoker! $425/month. 
Call for Bryan or Gordon (457-5607). 
Walking distance to UCSD. (1123-1127) 
HILLCREST $835 2 BR house. 
spacious. sunny. hardwood tloars. 
fireplace. washer/dryer hookups. yard. 
pation, quiet neighborhood, central 
location, near Balboa park, restaurants, 
fr_ays. pets OK. 291-6029. (1127) 
Great location: Windansea Beach. 
Large yard. ocean view. NS. share room 
$200 on busiine. 456-4075. (1127) 
Roommate wanted-beautiful houSlr-
Del Mar. Own bedroom. share bath. 
Ctose to shopping, banking, beach. 
Washer/dryer, microwave, cable and 
much more. MIF, non-smoker/drugs. 
considerate. $4OOImonth + 113 utilities. 
792-7586. (1127-1/30) 
Mission HillsIH~lcrest-Own bdrm in 
3bdIl 112 bth house w/2 grad students. 
1 mi. to UCSD Mad Ctr, shuttle. Great 
location-less than 5 min. to India St., 
uptown Hillcrest, downtown. Pt. Loma. 
15 min. to school. Nice street. bkyd, 
garage. laundry. fumished Ivgrm. $290/ 
mos + 113 utii. 295-8457. (1127-1130) 
Female roommate wanted. Share 
spacious master bedroom. Call 558-
0239. Only $230. (1127-1/30) 
Female wanted for own room in 3 
bedroom. tri-level condo in La JoUa 
Village Tennis Club. Garage, pool, 
tennis. courst. 1 block to bus. Call Kate. 
Day 689-7255. night 558-0239. $265. 
(1127-1/30) 

congratulates its Alpha Class 
on its initiation ~~ 

CHULA VISTA: 
283 Third Ave. 
425-CUTS 
SDSU: 
Aztec Center. lower level 
582-CUYS 

Dina Allison 
Liz Bragg 

Carolyn 
Nanci Carter 
Melodie Eads 
Helen Edelstein 
Sandy Eisenrod 
Gail F emandez 
Shannon Gormon 
Jeanette Herras 
Audrey Iwata 
Coreen Kaplan 
Diane Matsuo 
Cyndi Metcalf 

Vanessa Oldham 
Catherine Omdorf 
Karem Petersen 

Pratt 

Shannon Stein 
Julie Thompeon 
Rosemary Tyler 
Monique Washington 
Lori Weir 
Sherry Wulfert 

$10 Haircuts 
OIFFERENI 

Hair Coloring' 
Perms From 

$40. 

PACIFIC BEACH: 
1M7 Garnet Ave. 
273-CUTS 
OCEAN BEACH: 
4882 Newport Ave. 
222-3777 
HillCREST: 
409 University Ave. 
291-CUTS 

Monday, January 27, 1992 

Roommat. wanted lor 3-bedroom 
house In Birdrock. Own bedroombath. 
WID. garage, patio. Great location. near 
beach and bUlline. Grad student 
preferred . $400/mo . AVAILABLE 
FEBRUARY t . 459-8896. (1127·1130) 
Roommate wanted lor furnished two 
bedroom apartment. WID. miaowave. 
garage. pool. tree cable. near catTlIUS. 
busIIne and 'I008rY stores. Extended 
summer stay available. $25OImo call 
558-7712 Jay, Lee, Stephen. (1121-11 
27) 
Pacific Beach $780 Newer 2 BDA12 
baths. All appliances. laundry. 2 car 
own parking. close UCSD. 292-9989. 
(1127-1130) 
Roommate wanted. own room, wash! 
dry, pool , UTC area. Only $290 792-
2392 (1121-1130) 
Beautiful University City. 2 rooms avail. 
$325-$350 tema/elmale . non-smoking. 
deposit neg. Call Joseph 453-45'9 (11 
27-1130) 
FACULTY OR EXECUTIVE 
APARTMENT. Views of Soledad Creek 
and Torrey Pines Beach. Enjoy the 
wetlands from your private baicony. 
Huge 2 or 3 bedrooms. Just ~ke brand 
newlCail Barbara 599-0148. (116-1130) 
Hillcrest. Own room in large furnished 
two bedroom apartment tor quiet 
student. $2501month. 260-1614. (tI23-
1127) 
Room available in spacious 1700 sq It 
townhouse. less than 1 mile trom 
campus. Pool. fireplace. plenty offs1reet 
parIdng. Non-smokers please. $3601 
month plus 1/4 utIitIes. JohnITom 296-
1386. (1123-216) 

EMPLOYMENT 
POSTAL JOBS AVAILABLEI Many 
position&. Greatbenefits. CaM (800) 338-
3388. X P-3387 (1121-2113) 

SUllWER IlANAGElENT Itm;RN-
SHIP interviews now taking place. Gain 
valuable experience managing all 
aspects 01 a successful business. 
Average gross profit $11 ,287. Last 
chance lor Interviews. Call Triple 'A' 
Student Painters for information now. 
1-800-394-6000. (1116-2127) 
WENDY'S PRICE CENTER: Part time 
shifts available for fun and enthusiastic 
students. F1exlbie hours--wofk around 
your class schedule. $5.00Ihr to start 
and free meals. Call Kymberleigh at 
450-9425. (1127-1130) 
ARE YOU EXPERIENCED in 
gymnastics? Put your knowledge to 
work as a high school gymnastics judge. 
averaging $15/hr. Own transportation 
necessary. Will train . For more 
information call Nina at 483-8191 . (1 / 
27-1130) 
Fundr ...... looking for top fraternity. 
sorority. student organization that would 
like to earn $500·$1500 for one week 
on-ca/ll>Us marketing project. Must be 
organized and hard wortUng. Call Marla 
(800)592-2121 ext. 112 or Melanie ext. 
124. (1127-1130) 
Enjoy financial freedom in reputable 
company making thousands of dollars 
at home trom profit sharing and 
comissions. FREE details send name! 
address: TERRY'S. 5480 Redwood SI.. 
San Diego. CA 92105 (1127-1130) 
Camp stall wanted for ACA accredited 
non-profit girls resident camp. Strong 
skills in human relations and ability to 
worIt with girls. Resume to J. Fabsik. 
1231 Upas St.. San Diego. CA 92'03. 
298-8391 ANEOE. (11'6-1130) 
FREE TRAVEL - Air couriers and 
cruiseships. Students also needed 
Christmas, spring and summer for 
amusement park employment. Call 
(800) 338-3388. X F-3147. (1121 -2113) 

PERSONALS 

The UCSD Guardian 

Math tutoring at your convenioncel Call 
the Math Doctor (Tony Craddock) at 
453·7725. (1127·3112) 
STUDY ABROAD SERIES. FIFTH 
COLLEGE RES. HALLS 7 p.m. Mon. 
Jan 27, L. America in Dana Hall , 
Internships abroad in Cabrillo Hall , 
Countries Least Travelled in DeAnza 
Hall. Come hear information and 
discussion about living and studying in 
these countries I (1127) 
KID HAl I want to pet you but you're 
spotted. I know you'lI be chasing balls 
again when you get your beautiful coat 
back. Feel better HAl. and stay off the 
couch. Love. KING (1127) 
Hey Sigma Chil Delta Gamma is 
pumped up and looking forward to Derby 
Daysl (1127) 
Danyta. Get ready to play pool at 
tomorrow's AOPi sociall Love. Aida-
Lyn (1127) 
Traci and Pam. Can·t wait for your 
spaghetti dinner tonitel Love your AOPi 
sis. Lynn (1127) 
You asked for a local trip-oow you've 
got iii Ski Bear MOuntain with RISC 
Sun. Feb. 9. $53 includes transportation. 
lift tickets. and plenty of · frothy" 
refreshing liquid. TIckets are limited so 
sign up this week. Find us Tue-Fri. 10-
1. in the Price Center. (1121 -' 127) 
Study abroad through Beaver College. 
Info Wed. Jan 29, ·1 :30-3. Intemational 
Center Conference Room. (1128) 
Resident Advisor Applications for Fifth 
College NOW AVAILABLE. DUE 2114. 
Pick up referral. Career Services. (1/ 
13-2113) 
Study abroad through Beaver College. 
Info Wed. , Jan. 29, 1 :30-3:00 . 
International Center Conference Room. 
(1128) 
Students unite for co-op rights I (1127) 

planes, 
trains, 

NO INITIATION FEE 
automo-

biles 
At only $20 a month with no 

contract, you can't get 8 
better bargaln_ 

, AEJIOIIICS ,LFECYClfS 
- FREE WEJGKTS • REEBOK STEPS 
• STAIRIlASTERS • ClEAN AND SPACIOUS 
,NAunLUS • PERSONAL INSTRUCTION 

,4 MIlES FROM CAMPUS 

3968 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, 
Clalremont Square Shopping Center 

(Near Lee Wards, behind Pars Sport) 
483·9294 

also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

IIIId many 
other way. or 

pttIDc 
araandand 

pl:dncaway 
can be found 

Intha 
Guardian 
dauifieda. 

Come_ua, 
IIfII*aIn In 
dle8tudeDt 

CeaW ..... 
dleOeneral 

Store. 

UCSD STUDENT SPECIAL 

r----------------------------, 

: FUTON & FRAME 
Complete $129 ($159 value) 

• 
• 
• I 
I 
I 
I 

I ~ pRSeIII dIa COl/pOIUnd UCSD 1.0. No! V2iid .. 'kh any other offt:r. • L _ ___ _ ____ _ __ _ ______________ _ ~ 

plus 10% OFF anyaddUlomlitremowrSJOO 
FUTONS 

by 
• 

1453 Gamet Ave. 
PlclflcBeach 
27003680 
7050 MinImar Rd. 
III,...., 
541-7373 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

NOW YOU CAN 
GET DIRTY FOR A 
WHOLE LOT LESS. 

• TUNE UP SPEcIAil 
•• $2495 ~~:=: ~~n .1 wheels. adJust 
• bfakes. adjust 
• 

gears. adjust 
hubs. bonom bfad<el. and headset. lube. 

• and chedc tire pressure. Exp. 2129192 L _________ _ 

Uni v e r sity 
C ity 
Cyclery 
3246 Governor Dr. 
452-8842 
Open 7 days a week 
10-6 M-F; 9-6 Sat. ; 11-4 Sun. 

ROBERT~S 
AUTO 
GERMAN, SW EDISH . JAPANESE SERVICE 
All Work Fully Guaranteed • FactotY-Trained Specialists 

4630 Mission Bay Drive 
(1-5 to Balboa exit) 
San Diego 

(f'IO) .) ... II')') ) fJ .., , f)- .).., e K8nda11 
MOIOIO& Mon_-Fri_ 7 a.m. -5:30 p .m. 

Saturdays 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 
We_"'.ec::n •• 

K_II® I •• _ .. 
.._rell-....e ... 

--------------------IOt¥o OFF 
on all repairs* with this coupon 

'Except motor and transmission overhaul. Not valid with any other coupon. 

WEDNESDAYS fro. 6 to 10 PM 
UCSD NIGHT AT 

~~\l. ~~~ ~\!iI (J){)~ ~ ~ 
LARGE 
PlIZAS $5. (upon proo(0(21) 
(whh Sloo.n. ID. S 1.00 per .opping) 

• 
IlII ... Ht91II i • ."". Take I-S nonh to Del Mar Height , right on Del PIZZA I Mar Heights, then right on Cannel Country Road, les. 

look for it on the right hand $ide • 
:2 f 

12840 CARMEL COUNTRY ROAD • PHONE 481,STUF 



14, SPOR.TS The UCSD Guardian Monday, January 27, 1992 

Ba9ketball Looks to Tame the TIgers for Another DIvIsion III Win 
• Head Coach Marshall 
cautious as Tritons look 
for 10th win in a row 
ByKen ........... 
Sports Editor 

UCSD men's basketball Head 
Coach Tom MarVla1I isn't one to 
make quick predictions about up-
coming games. 

Perhaps he doesn't want to jinx 
his team. 

But with the way the Tritons 
have been playing lately, predic-
tions aren't hard to make. 

After Friday night' 85-59 
trouncing of Menlo CoUege, it is 
quickly becoming obvious that the 

TrilOnSareateamonat.ear.1bey've 
tired off nine consecutive wins and 
8ft: CUJTCnt.ly 8~ against Division 
m foes. 

With all of this in mind, you 
wouldn 't have to be Nostradamus to 
put your money on the Tritons in 
T~yrugm' U~inggMX 
against Occidental College. 

Still, Marshall assens thai the 
Tigers are a team not to be laken 
lightly. 

Occidental features a quick, pe-
rimeter shooting team thai runs the 
break weU. While the Tritons feel 
they can dominate the inside, 
Marshall knows the Tigers will be 
fighting. 

"[Occidental I i real scrappy," 

he said. ''They put everybody on the 
boards." 

While the Tigers' ~bounding 
prowess doesn't lie in the height of 
their big men, the staning line-up 
does include two members of the 
Occidental foocball team. 

Brett Englebmson and Jeff Muir 
playa very physical game inside for 
the Tigers and could provide SOIRC 
resistance for the Tritons' Olris 
Moore and Rick Batt. 

Other problems that UCSD 
might have to face are the long 
rebounds that come from outside 
shooters. 

Yet Marshall is confident that 
the Tritons can control the rruddle 
and looks to force the quick Oeci-

denial guards to bring the ball into a difficult time slowing them down. 
the paint. hopefully off the dribble. Still, if UCSO's offense does 

"We're goil1l to try and make pick up the pace, it must be able to 
them move on the outside [and) put produce effectively. 
the ball on the floor," he said "We "If it aets to a point wherewe'~ 
don't think [Occidental) is as good running and 1101 creating anything 
once it puts the ball on the floor as oul of our ~tempo [game), then 
they are when they receive it [off the we will defmitely slow it down and 
passl." punch it inside. We are far, far big-

AsfarastheTigers'speedyout- ger than [Occidental I," Marshall 
side men, UCSD feels confKlc:nt said. 
thai Rodney Lusain and Darvin Will Tuesday night's game be 
Jackson provide enough quickness UCSO's 10th win in a row? 
to keep Occidental in check. MarVWI woo'tsay forsu~, but 

Marshallisevenwillingtoletthe heispleasedwithhisteam'sprog~ 
Tritons try a ruMing~. Batt and thus far. 
Andy Swindall both fill the lane "We know where we'~ at right 
well for UCSD and Marshall feels now," he said. "We' re in the midsa 
thatone-on-onetheTigerswillhave of a good mid-season run." 

Youve Just Been Qeared 
For Take Off 

You can get a lot more out of life when 
you set your Sights a little 
higher. Which __ .... 
is what applying 
for the American Expre s· 
Card is all about. When you get the 
Card, its easier to do the things you want 
to do. And with the student savings that 
come along with it, you can do even more. 

Fly roundtrip on Continental 
for less than $100 each way. 

Student Cardmembers receive four travel 
certificates. They can be used to flyany. 
where Continental Airlines flies in the 
48 contiguous United States. Two for the 
school year, and two for the summer.* 

Depending on where you fly, each 
school year travel certifi· 

cate is good for 
$129 or $189 round· 

trip-and each summer travel 

the Card will say a lot about you. For one 
thi ng it says you have a handle on what you 
spend, so you don't have to carry over a bal· 
ance. It also says you're smart enough not to 
pay interest charges that can really add up. 

certificate is good for $149 or 
$199 roundtrip. Airfare rumples burdondeltination. 

So take a few minutes 
now to call (have 
your bank address 
and account number 
ready), and apply 

Saving that upgrade 
Rounchr .. 

_SdoaaI _ .... 

your life tyle, 
As a student Cardmember you 
get more than great travel sav-

New YorJ.-loo An ... 1n 
Bootoo-Orbndo 

SI89 
Stl9 
Stl9 

ings. You al 0 save money on everything 
from clothing to long distance phone calls. 
All for a $55 annual fee. 

Obviously, savings like these say a lor 
about the value of the Card. And having 

for the American 
Express Card. 

With all that the Card offers you, not 
even the sky is the limit. 

THE CARD. 
THE AMERICAN EXPRESS- CARD. 

Get going, call1-BOO .. 967 .. AMEX. 
I( you',. alrudy a Ca.dmtmbo •• t~~\ no netd to ult 

• hooI ya ... consKl<.td ~ !-june H. summer Jun. IS-A", )1 Compiet. ttttnt and condmons of <Ius t ..... 1 oII'cr wlU or .... wkh you. ccrt.6ata 
Con"".n.al Airiines.1one Is ._ibl< (or fulfillment of th .. oIfc. A_ncan UP<fts ......... no loaboUt, ~ Connnental A"b.,..· ~ 

C 1992 American up .... T.-l Relared So.vlctsCompony.lnc • 
.. -~-

Monday, January 27,1991 

M.HOOP 
ContInued from .... 18 
said. 'Wen, they've got the same 
amount as Santa Cruz got (43 
points).' Ten minutes later I looked 
up at the scoreboard and they still 
had 43;" said Marshall. 

Jason Stamps was Menlo's lead-
ing~rinthefU'Slhalfwitheleven 
points. 

UCSD held him to a single three-
point bucket with·only 28 seconds 
left in the game during the second 
half. 

The Tritons we~ hot from the 
three-point Hne, shooting 9-13 for 
the game, an incredible 69 percent. 

SWIM 
ContInued from page 16 
cemed with swimming fast as we 
are with execution." 

Tanya Setran, who has already 
qualified for NCAAs, had an out-
standing performance in the 100-
yard backstroke withaseasonal best 
of 1:04.52. 

She also finished the I,OOO-yard 
freestyle with a time of 10:49.49. " I 
was really happy with my swims," 
said Setran. "We've been training 
hard and it will be exciting to see 
what will happen at NCAAs after a 
good taper." 

Other notable performances on 
Saturday were OuisJagard's 1:49.8 
in the 200-yard freestyle, Jeff 
Vance's 1:59.31 200-yard back-
stroke and Cllristy Parker's 5O-yard 
freestyle in a time of 25.29. 

Although Claremont did not send 
divers to Saturday's meet, UCSD's 
diving team perfonned well. 

According to Tom Scotty, head 
coach for UCSO diving, the team 
used the meet to practice dives that 
they rrught want to use in their com-
petitive list for nationals, but which 
they are not comfortable with yet 

The day before the meet, Scotty 
gave the women's team the choice 
of competing or not. 

"I was extremely impressed and 
intrinsically motivated to see that 
every team member chose to dive," 

But while UCSO was scorching 
from downtown, the Oaks shot free-
throws as if the line had been moved 
back to half court. 

They w~ an meager 5-19 from 
the charity line. It's hard to win a 
gMX when your three-point rate, 
46 percent, i higher than your free-
throw percentage, 26 percent. 

''They rrussed some key free-
throws. They had opponunities to 
make the shots, but they missed 
them. You're not going to win a lot 
of games when you' re two for nine 
(as Menlo was in the second halt)," 
explained Marshall. 

"We're right where we need to 
be to make a run at the playoff ," 

GuMOal File PhoIO 
UCSD Head Coach Doug Boyd 
said Scotty. 

According to Scotty, the out-
standing dive of the meet was Ruth 
Prange' three-meter performance 
of a reverse two-and-a-half tuck. 
"She received all sevens which al-
lowed her to qualify fortheNCAAs 
for the third time," said Scotty. 

Also, Jill Jackson had a notable 
one-meterbackone-and-a-half pike. 
This was Jackson's first time per-
forming this dive at a meet. 

Other successfully completed 
dives werelulieGoldstein'sdouble 
twisting one-and-a-half and Kathy 
Wood's back two-and-a-halftuck. 

",We are all going to be beuer 
p~pared for nationals, geuing our 
difficult dives practiced earlier in 
the season," said Wood. "By the 
time the end of the season comes we 
will not have any more nervous 
dives." 

Delivered to your Dorm 
or anywhere in the La Jolla area 
Restaurant DeHvery Service 
~~"Good rood. Good Service" ~~ 

LA JOLLA GOURMET DELIVERY 

483·9991 
FREE 6·PACK of Coke or Diet Coke d('I,~( .ed '" Ih COPV otlh" .ld 

MUIR FRESHMEN 
a TRANSFER ORIENTATION 
LEADERS 
Obtain a job referral form at Part-Time Employment and 

bring it to the Muir Provost Office, 2126 H&SS. 
De.dl • far tIp,lclllions: fIIIIIIJ, ,....., 7 

This is your opportunity to enjoy a fun and rewarding job. 

The UCSD Guardian 

Darvin Jackson hits two (or UCSD. 
Marshall said. "When January rolls 
around, you want the team to be 
playing well,andthat'sexactlywha! 
we're doing." 

M. V-BALL 
ContInued from page 16 

Playing in the "power pool"' 
meant that Wilde had to use a lot of 
different line-up . 

The deci ion was the result of a 
very high level of play. and the fact 
that UCSD played nine games in II 
two-day period. 

According to Wilde. endurance 
is usually a key factor. 

The deep Triton bench rose to 
the occasion and received valuable 
playing time. 

"The players responded to their 
opportunity," Wilde commented. 

11le final match of the weekend, 
which was scheduled forfive games, 
was again t UC Berkeley, the de-
fending national club team. 

The Tritons took the first game 
15-12 but lost the following three 
15-9,15-6, 16-14. 

The fourth game was the tough-
est to swallow for the team after 
battling for so long. 

Still, UCSD felt better about its 
play at a higher level. 

Wilde hopes that some of the 
clo er game will tart falling 
UCSD's way when it polishes up its 
defense. 

The Tritons look next to 
Saturday 's contest against the Ant-
eaters of UC Irvine. 

UCSD is hoping to avenge an 
earlier loss to UCI. 

PAID INTERNSHIPS 
(Positions limited) 

Applications/Interviews 
being taken NOW for 

the best summer 
business internship & 
training you can find! 

EARN $6-$12,000+ whi le 
managing your branch 

of University Painting 
Professionals during 

summer 1992. 
Call 

1-800-KALL·UPP today 

UNIVERSITY squARE 
UUNDROMAT 
4027 GoYernor DrlYe 

Corner of Genessee-Vons Shopping Ci!lller 

30 ........ &..11 ..... 
3O-Lb. Washer,. 

....................... 

...,. ... 
SaIM Day..." 

_FellI .... 
Pick Up and Delivert Available 

Attendant on duty and night guard 
Open 7 am· 10 pm 7 days a week 

41M11O 

SPORTS 15 

Procrastinating About 
Wisdom Tooth Removal? 

• Board Certitified Oral Surgeon 
• General anesthesia available 
• Sterile technique observed 
• UCSD Discount* 
• Clo e to campus with free parking 
• Insurance Plans Welcome 

' '''Ih llCSD 10 

1m RICHARD E.BARSAN , DDS CAL L Diplomate, American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 459·5565 470 Nautilus Street, Su ite 212, La Jolla 

SYSTEME 
.,.BIOLAGE. 

By WIIIIIrtx· 

@ (!J aft! CUTS 
By TAWNYA oF 

ESSENCE SALON 
only $11~:. 

includes: shampoo & precisicn haircut 
blow dry and styling $4 extra 

-----

HiLites & Perms 
linduding hoircut) $45 

3251 HOUDAY COURT, sum 201 LA JOLLA 453.9477 
Above Sf. Germain's Liquor & Deli 

P I Z Z A 
DAilY WNCH SPECIALS 

N.w! I'ersonal PivAlS or $379 
Soup, Salad, Sandwich, 
Pasta · Mix or match any 2 

LA JOLLA COLONY 
7748 R., ..... Rd. 

548-7666 

• PAS T A 
DAILY DINNER SPEciALS 
1011 .' rIlL·~ ... Sp<lghd l l 

Wed .............. R,lI'ioh 
'I hur, ............ ,\1 .1LMOI1l 
Fri ,S<l ! ....... Ft:ttuClIIll' 
Sun .............. . Ldsclg ll tl 

$4.79 
hickel1 $8.79 

$5.79 

FREE DELIVERY • STUDENT DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE 

The "Sun " is a/ways shining at 4.. 
;~g~ Holiday Ct. T· & lIP 4SS-0b-rgO' ~ (nearUGSD) rim .an call . , 1 ~ 
2 TANS $1 * One for you, one for a friend 

' First tim e c/lents onl)/ with this COUpoll. 

30 TAN DAYS $29 ~~ ~~:::,.. Call for details ' 2nd 30 tan days $39.99 
Lose 6" Guaranteed! 
European Body Wrap-Only $48 
Not a tremporary water Joss' Reduce celluhte and stretch marks 

with .hls coopon. Exptres 2127'92 ~~~~~~--------
r----~:~n·UCSD --~ 

FLOWER BASKET 
I F~~~,,~,~~~~Y* 
"W. deIYw • $20 minimum purcha .. • within 5 mile radius of campus 

"'p.2I1<W2 
NoL nlid with 
an, other otTer. 

as always, 10% o~~ when you 
visit the store with yaur UCSD ID 

455-5545 8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. (in the Ralph' 
Prompt delivery, 7 days a week. Open daily 8 am· pm 



16 SPORTS 

OVER 
TIME 

A Tractor Pull with 
Earl cnI Friends 
S UNDAY!! SUNDAY!! SUNDA Y!! ONE NIGHT ONLY!! SEE BIG FOOT, 
MASSIVE STOMPER, THE 
HUGE PULVERIZER, L1L' 
DEVIL AND BIG CAJONES 
ALL IN FULL ARE-BREA TH-
ING, CAR-CRUSHING FURY!! 
FURY!! FURY!! WATCH LIVE 
TRAcroR PULL ACI10N!! 
ACTION!! ACI10N!! CARS 
DRIVING AROUND IN MUD!! 
MUD!! MUD!! SEE THE 
STORMIN' SEMI ON STE-
ROIDS GO HEAD-ON W1TI-1 
THE PLUCKY PINTO OF 
DEATII!! ALL SUNDAY!! 
SUNDAY!! SUNDAY!! BE 
THERE!! 

It was while watching one of 
those tractor pull commerciaJ that 
I decided that there are just too 
many port on T. V . 

Take lumberjacking for 
exrunple. I have, with my own 
eyes, actually watched a profes-
sional lumberjacking competition. 
What's nex!. .. profes ional 
gardening? ("A you can see from 
the replay, Fam wonh made a 
beautiful move in pulling out that 
dandelion. but his clum iness with 
the petunias wi ll cost him some 
points with the judges.") 

I S,\W 11115 panicular lumber-jacking COnt t a while ago. 
but I'm sure they haven 't chlUlged 
much since. Unless of course 
there 's been some great leap 
forward in lumberjacking science 
that I've missed. like nuclear-
powered chainsaws or something. 

Anyway. the point of the 
Lumberjack Games, or whatever 
it was called, was to either climb 
up a tree or to cut it down and 
then chop it into smaller pieces. 

Speaking of chain saws. as you 
might have gues ed. they played a 
large pan in the succes or failure 
of a lumberj;tck. There were also a 
large number of commercials for 
ch;tin, aws, much more than you 
would see during your average 
basketball game or tennis match. I 
had never before imagined the 
variety of chain aw available to 
the geneml public (hAnd new this 
year from Stihl, the SX-424 Turbo 
Super-Charged Stealth Chainsaw 
with optional cellular phone and 
air bag''') 

Lumberjacking i definitely a 
"sport" that should not be on the 
air. 

T RACTOR puu..s are another matter. While heavy motor 
vehicle on absurdly large tires 
trying to accelerate through dirt 
with a four-ton sled hitched to the 
bumper does have a sort of 
primordial appeal, it just doesn't 
wor1c on T.V. 

Tractor pulls are much better in 
person. T.Y.just can't capture the 
true essence of tractor pulls -
the atmo phere of breathing 
literally gallons of carbon 
monoxide. The thrill of having 

See EARl, Page 9 

SPORTS 
TIle UCSD Guardian Monday, January 27, 1992 

Tritons Coast to Win Over Oaks, 85-59 
• UCSD shoots 69 
percent from the three-
point line Friday night 
By Grea Wrenn 
Associate Sports Editor 

UCSD Head Coach Tom 
Mmhall has a problem that most 
coaches would love to have, 

Riding an eight-game win streak 
and having gone undefeated so far 
against Divi ion JU teams, Marshall 
must guard against the overconfi-
dence that could come with such a 
record. 

So MarshaJl's job is to convince 
hi players that each team they play 
will be like going against Duke or 
UCLA. 

Look.ing at last Friday night' s 
game again t Menlo, Marshall' 
doing a good job. The ninth-ranked 
Tritons (14-4) overwhelmed the 
Oaks at the Triton Gym, 85-59. 

Itdidn' tstart out as a rout, though. 
The first few minutes saw Menlo 
jump out to a 6-0 lead. and it looked 
as if UCSD had really run up 
again t a strong opponent. 

lbe first three minutes of the 
game saw the Tritons gell ing pushed 
around, with the Oak denying ev-
erything inside. 

"I was worried the first few min-
utes. Theyobviou Iy scouted us very 
well. They did a nice jobof denying 
us the inside. They were fronting u 

and denying the back pick we set. 
They just did a uper job," Marshall 
said. 

The Tritons switched offense 
and staned to score, but not until 
3:49 had gone by. However,UCSD 
quickly ran off three buckets totie it 
at six, and it never looked back. 

Once the Tritons had adjusted 
and started to score, they simply' 
refused to top. The Tritons fin-
ished off the first half with a 19-3 
run, including a 10-0 stretch. 

Erik Johnson, UCSD' biggest 
three-point threat , lit up the 
scoreboard for the Triton , coming 
in off the bench to score thirteen 
quick points in the half. He fini shed 
the game with sixteen, including 
three treys, in ju ttwelve minutes. 

Also pitching in for UCSD was 
Andy Swindall, who dropped in 
nine points in the half. He would 
end up with thirteen at grune's end. 

Defense again was a key for the 
Tritons as the bigger UCSD team 
was able to crash the board ,ending 
up with a 48-36 edge. 

The second haJf was almost a 
repeat of the beginning of the first 
half. 

Neither team scored until 
Menlo' Kyle Pogue unk a hot 
with two minute gone. 

UCSD would have to wait until 
4:05 had elapsed before Rodney 
Lusain gave the Tritons their first 
points. 

Dan McDowelUGuwtfw/ 
UCSO's Judd Glasser swam 22.89 in the 50 yard freestyle Saturday. 

Sue Mllpnlaun.. 
Brad Halte was a key man defensively in the Tritons'85-59 win Friday. 

UCSD's stnners didn't spend a 
whole lot of time on the floor in the 
second half, as Marshall turned the 
game over to hi bench. 

"I thought we got good play from 
a lot of people tonight," Marshall 
said. "Erik Johnson ... gave us a real 
lift there, Brian Van Noy ... Brad 

Halle ... gave us some great defen-
sive minutes," . 

The Triton defense was again 
stifling, at times completely taking 
the Oaks offense out of the game. 

"At one time during the second 
half, I turned to my assistant and 

See M. HOOP, Page 15 

UCSD Swimmers Improve 
Times en Route to Easy Win 
• Tritons sink Claremont Saturday at home, look 
ahead to Division ill Champ Kenyon College 
By Suzanne Porush 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD swimming and div-
ing squads drowned Claremont 
College with a 150-68 point win for 
the men lUld 140-55 victory for the 
women Saturday afternoon at 
UCSD's CanyoJlview pool. 

"We reallydid not have any goals 
going into this meet." said Head 
Coach Doug Boyd. "Wejusl wanted 
to start gelling prepared for the 
Kenyon meet next weekend and see 
ome good efforts." 

That effort. according to Assis-
tant Coach Daryl Swenson. paid off 
forswimmers such as Mike Pahland, 
whopostedalifetimebestinlhe 100 
and 200 yard freestyles with times 
of 48.6 and 1:47.3 respectivly. 

Pa1lland. who SWanl a good meet 
last weekend at USC, said he has 

been feeling much better lUld see-
ing better times since December 
training. "'I'm looking forward 
to some more personal bests at 
the Kenyon meet as well," said 
Pahland. 

According to Boyd, the team 
has been trdining considembly 
harderlhan previous seasons and 
will back off only slightly forthe 
Kenyon meet. "The team will not 
be fully tapered until either the 
conference meet orthe N CAAs," 
said Boyd. 

Those that have yet to qualify 
for NCAAs. according to Boyd, 
have begun to taper. 'This time 
of year people start feeling weird 
in thewaterand they do not know 
what 10 expecl," said Boyd. "At 
this meet we are not so con-

See SWIM, Page 15 

Men's Volleyball Reaches Goals at UCSB Invitational 
• Tritons make it to the tournament "Power Pool" 
and gain experience against some powerful teams 
By Kirsten Halverson 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD men ' volleyball 
learn gained a 101 of experience on 
the court this weekend at the UCSB 
Invitational Toumrunent. going 3-5 
over the two-day event. 

"We attained both of the goal 
we set out to do," said Head Coach 
Rod Wilde. 

The Triton went into the tourna-
ment hoping to make il into the 
"power pool" in order to play with 

more Division I terun . 1ney also 
wanted to play at a higher level for 
a longer period of time, 

In the first pool. UCSD went up 
against top-r-dnked Long Beach 
State and fell 15-4, 15-9. 

The early round of the tourna-
ment were two out of three game , 
in order to save time. 

UCSD went on 10 beat both 
BuffaJo, a club team from New 
York,I5-9.15-13.andChicoState. 
15-10.15-1. The wins enabled the 

Tritons to place second in the pool 
behind only Long Beach State. 

Also advancing to the "power 
pool" for the second round of play 
were UCSB. Humboldt State, 
Manitoba and BYU. 

BYU downed UCSD in the first 
malch of the pool 15-5. 15-9. 

Wilde wasn't too upset with the 
loss, however, as BYU went on to 
take second place in the tourna-
ment. 

The Tritons ended Friday on a 
high note with a win against 
Humboldt State 15-9, 15-13. 

Saturday. the Tritons went up 

against UCSB and battled hard be-
fore coming up short 15-10, 15-ll 

Steve Kremser came off the 
bench for a significant contribution 
in the UCSB game. 

Finally, Manitoba knocked off 
theTritons 15-5, 15-12. 

Last week, the Tritons spent time 
working on their offense and the 
practice proved beneficial. 

"Tyson Kerr. Matt Brighrun and 
Bruce Williams played extremely 
well in all their matches," Wilde 
said. "Middle hitting became much 
more effective_" 

See M. V-BAU., Page 15 

UCSD Guardian Features January 27, 1992 



Police Departmtflt 
Community Service OffICer 

CSO 
Escort Service 
YOURSAF'E1Y 
IS OUR FIRST CONCERN 
EMorts .v ..... $:" ,...-1: ....... 
Stvea da1l1 weel. 

534-WAI.K (9255J 

J J J1 3 !J'J 1) J 11 ~ ~!,;./ ~_?_--
InvUes You 10 Try 1M New . . or 
•• 1-&1I'I1II .,1111 
Acrossfrom the Sun God At Muir 
Featuringfresh hand made: 
Tacos 0 0 0 0 0 0 •• 0 
Bunitos .... 
Mexi Burgers .... 

. 79 

.99 
1.09 

Hell/brew NoriOflO/ HOI [)ogs, pft#flels. SMcu, POJ1ries, 
H()I Coffee, aNI FOIIIIlllin /)rillh (Dr. Peppt" Cou, 
'fIrire. and Di~l) 

Save money and time. COIM give u.~ a visit and rtttiw a ... 

1?REE60ZF~/OinOrin' 
W,th an)' Ilil/ch menll purchase 

goCden~.r 
Nationaf 

(opell 7:30a.m . . 1:30p.m.) 

Honor Society, 
is 

accepting applications 
Look for us at the Price Center on 

January 27th and 28th or pick up an 
application at York Hall #4000. 

or 
Come to our general meeting on Tuesday, January 28th 

from 7·8 p.m. in the Davis-Riverside room. 
Reception on April 9th. 

---------------------------------Arena 
Tell us your best Dick Atkinson story, 

fact or fiction. 
Photographer: Alex KJyusner 

---------------------------------

It was hard 
to get 
people to 
answer fOr 
this one. 

Alex K1yusner, kveIJe 
SopbolllOl'C, Physics 

CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
(Next 10 Vons) 274-2600 

MIRA MESA 
(Next 10 Pizza Hul) 566-6100 

UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE 
(Across from M."n lhealer)45s.0420 

nERRASANTA GATEWAY 
(Hwy 52 and Santo Rd.) 268-4423 

OPEN 1 DAYS 
APfIIf. NOT NECESSARY 

MANICURIST AVAILABLE 

I was surfing at 
Black's Beach and saw 
this naked guy 
frolicking in the 
shorcbreak. I was 
going to tell him to 
go somewhere else, 
but it turned out to 
be old Dick. Wow. 
How strange. 

Kurt O'Donndl, 
&velie 

Sophomore, 
Undeclared 

I go here 
and I have 
no idea who 
he is. 

Emily Frudrnm, IR/PS 
Graduate, Latin American 

Studies 

I did a 
serious 
investiga-
tion as to 
where all 
the: money trom our fee in-
creases was going. So I decided 
to follow Dick. I followed him 
fOr tWO weeks, round the clock. 
He would always go to peoples' 
homes with big mirror windows, 
holding a briefcasc.Healways 
exited, appearing to be swearing 
profusely. Then, on Nov. 12,] 
decided to watch him in his 
home behind locked doors. He 
was smoking crack. 

Alai VdIadrouin, Third 
Senior, Cogniti~ Science 

Freshman 
year I went 
to his house 
and saw a 
jazz band 
play. I also 

ate some of the &cc fuod, but I 
left befOre his speech. He 
probably didn't care though. 

John Pam, Muir 
Senior, Anthropology 

I~ SUSPENSION . St~~~~es 
PLUS · Front Ends 

,. SPECIAL TY CENTERS Alignments .... "".-1 r-----T-----T-----' 
I FOUR-WHEEl I Computerized 1 Front End 1 BRAKE Front End Alignment 
: SPECIAL : Alignment : :: : 
: $69~- : ~~;,~: $1995 : 
1 .. "--II • ....., I _1_- 1 r .... .., ..... _(t\IdII 1 ....... n_..... ...... a __ ElllilllI1w 

'01011 n_'__ I ................... "'Strut--a.::=.., ..... · __ a (T ... a_..... .----.,.. 
- ...... - ... E.IfIrooIl1.. ... a..-Ial 1 
-.-,-- ---- ........... \-'-""":" ............... I r--. End Mg95I011 ..... .., S1_ 1 -~...., ""'. .... riJ ....... .., .... .... 
-. ~ZlI_ I AIIgnmInI 11JIIIIe ...... · ,... ...... 1 

... ,.-..... ... 

• I. FMua.a.ITCHEICIl II =-"-=:.~ L E.IfIrooIl1.. -I 
.. ------ n ....... ~II1.. ----1 011 ChInge ~ - - - - ~ 2· ...... 1.1t111m1 1 
1 SpecIII ----. I FronI Wheel DrIvt 1 =--44951 
1 $1295 ==:.': I ~ '5gB! 1 .... u~a.......... 1 

..... .......... -I -· ...... ··1 1 I c.v ................................ .......... ....... ... .. _ ... ,IZ_ ..... __ /TNIIII 
L IJ1iN1II1W ..L ....... ElllillJI1W • "'-Ma.). ~ 111 ... 
----- ----_ .. _---_ .. 

• 9uIpInIIon LIIII·1Iodr LllllIIId ........ A ..... 
Miramar Auto Center Winsion Square 
6696 Mirmar Rd. .1 ale 3112 Midway Dr .• 0 
558-8562 ". .' .' 223-2248 

.. 

I n our present-4lay world of economic tunnoil, strife and job nwket competition. suppose you somehow manage to reach the top rung of the hierarchical 
ladder of achievement and success: you are the chancellor 
of one of the nine UC campuses. 1be Big Overseer. The 
ultimate Big Man (or Woman) on campus. 

Would you plasler the newspapers with your 
picture and make known your newly implemented 
status, prestige and influence over the campus? 
Would you grace the student body and faculty 
with your mighty presence at ceremonies, 
meetings and evening banquets? 

Or would you remain nameless and faceless 
to the umpteen thousands of bodies who trek 
across "your" campus each day as you lean 
back and relax with your feet propped up 
on a big black desk and heave a big sigh of 
utter contentment and placidity? 

Sadly. if you did happen to be a UC 
chancellor, chances are that most sludents 
wouldn' t even know your name or what 

. you look like. One UC student replied. 
"Who?" when asked what he knew of his 
chancellor. 

Who knows what UC Santa Barbara's 
Barbara Uehling docs each day to fill the 
time. According to sophomore Linda 
Logue, UCSB's chancellor is "really out of 
touch with student needs. Mosl people 
don'l even know who she is:' 

UCSB's current chancellor was repon-
edly appointed to her position rather than 
voted in after a fonner chancellor was put 
on paid leave for allegedly dipping into 

lIeSD 
80J Office: 
534-6467 

BY MARISSA LE E, CONTRI BU TING WRITER 
studenl funds to remodel his home_ 

Most students at UC Irvine have a remote inkling of 
who their chancellor is, even though he happens to be Jack 
Peltason. Student Jenny Jeung asserts that "the chancellor is 
well publicized through the newspaper. He seem 10 be 

around at a lot of dedications, ceremonies and campus 
events." 

Seldom in the limelight, VCI's chancellor is nonethe-
less a willing participant in newspaper interviews and is 
seemingly affiliated with the student body. although some 
students' impression of him is nil. 

IN 
LIViNG COLOR 

• '01 TV SlIIIIS 

On the olher hand. chancellorship at VC Berkeley does 
not seem to be a position thaI is merely acknowledged at the 
beginning of each academic year only to be quietly shuffled 
beneath everything else. Says sophomore Benita Jackson of 
Cal's Chang-Lin Tien. ··He is around a 101. Most freshmen 

given the opponunity of meeting him during 
orientation week at the chancellor's reception. He 
is frequently featured in the campus newspaper 
- he is Cars first Asian chancellor and wa.~ 
previously an engineering professor. His 
children are gmduates of Berkeley. He has 
made an effon to make Berkeley more 
accessible to students and fac ulty," 

And so you have it - an ever-so-minute 
peek into U chancellorship. Many UC 
students don't even know 11'11li1 a university 
chancellor does. let alone who the person is. 
What do they do all day. anyway'! How do 
they mnk among the UC Regents. who are 
generall y seen by studen ts :L-; "those despised-

money-taking-greedy-scoundrelsT It is 
assumed that the chancellor of a major university 

would want to make more of an appear:lnce than a 
mugshot in the campus newspuper. ... 

In any case. despite whatever reully goes on behind 
the big cunain. chancellorship still seemingly remains 
the aloof. enigmatic position atop the scholastic 
pyramid . 

UCSO'S CLOTHING OUTLET 

CLEARANCE: 
JEANS $10 
PANTS $5 

MEN'S 
& WOMEN'S 

50%-90% BELOW RETAIL 
SAVE ON BRAND-NAME CASUAL 

& SPORTSWEAR CLOTHING 

NEW SHIPMENTS WEEKLY 

I_I A P PA IE L .~ DESIGNER 
~ ' Z 0 N E 

8250 camino Santa Fe Oust down the road) 
Go east on La Jolla Vilage Drive. 41ighls past Hwy 805, left on Camino Santa Fe 

NEW STORE HOURS: Tue.-Fri., 11 am·8 pm • Sat.-Sun. 11 amoS pm 



SPECI'ACLE 

• In 
Chancellor Dick Atkinson considers the effects of 

research money on undergraduate education, and vice versa 
BY A liCI A BEl l,CONTRIBUTI N G WRITER 

11 ccording to the National Science Foundation, UCSD rank seventh in the nation and first in the UC sy tem in the amount of federal doUars spent on research. Hi torically, UCSD was built as a research 
facility. In 1956. the regents decided to expand Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography to "provide a graduate and 
undergraduate progrmn r mphas izing science and technol-
ogy, with such undergraouate instruction as i essential to 
support the graduate program." 

A year later, the regents changed these plan and 
allowed for the development of a UC campu with both 
graduate and undergraduate programs. 

Obviously. UCSD i widely known for its research 
aspects. but many people question whether this focus on 
research undennines the quality of education for under-
graduates. 

taking a foreign language. 
As of 1990, UCSD was the top public university in th~ 

United States in the percentage of tudents who go on to ' 
medical schools and was also first among public schools 
in the percentage of undergraduates who go on to pursue 
advanced science degree . 

UCSD has the second largest amount of undergradu-
ates with on-campus housing in the UC system. at 33 
percent. Atkinson explained that extensive hou ing at 
UCS D was built as a result of the high prices in La Jolla 

Favorable aspects of on-campus housing include the 
lowering of traffic accident rates and the increase of 
intellectual and cultural activities of the students as a re uIt 
of the PfOximity of campus libraries and other learning 
centers. 

TIle introduction of the Melvyl and Roger computer 
library systems has also greatly aided students at UCSD. 
The UCSD bookstore was modeled after Stanford's and is 
one of the most extensive of its kind on the West Coast. 

Recently, Chancellor Atkinson noted that as of 1990, UCSD has the 
highest percentage of students who go on to medical schools out of all 
the public universities in the United States. UCSD is also first in the 
percentage of undergraduates who go on to pursue advanced degrees. 

In a recent interview with Chancellor Richard 
Atkinson. he pointed out many of the positive changes for 
undergraduates in the last 10 of his 11 years as chancellor. 
In 1980. UCSD had the lowest retention rate in the UC 
system, while today it has the second highest. UCSD had 
the most applicants per opening of UC schools: for Fall, 
1991,23,000 tudents applied for undergraduate admi -
sion, and 3,600 were enrolled. 

UCSD now has more overseas students than any other 
UC campus. and the largest number of students that are 

After looking at these figures. it would appear that the 
university is not neglecting the needs of undergraduate 
students, but even Atkinson admined that a need for 
balance between research and teaching must be accom-
plished 

Atkinson first pointed out that the UC system is a 
system of research universities, while the CSU system is 
primarily focused on undergraduates. In an article entitled 

DO YOU HAYE? 
• Mononucleosis 

• Measles 

• Hepat itis A 

• Chlym adi a 

Earn $ $ $ 
You may have ant ibodies 
needed for research and 
diagnostics. plus eam up 

to $ 100 per week. 

Please call 
MD LABORATORIIS 

226·1733 

r , 
New York 
~179~ 
..... 
Lo.d •• 
AIIIst.nta. 
Tokyo 
Auut.d 

$17f· 
$11'· 
JUS· 
$170· 
$'10· 

' All ram ~ ~ ""'Y~don a IOlIIdIrip 
pur~. 1-. rot incUd<d ~ ~c· 
boOs apply. StIJder( ~ may be req.lftd . 
....... ~-.. ."." 

Council TIr.!l ••• 811 
UCSO Price eener (by the Post Of'lice) 

451·0630 

COUNSELING PSYCHOL OGY 
.M.AsrEll's DEGREE 

Now Ao:::ErnNc APPUCATIONS rea FAU. 1992 IN: 
AIIElI IIF ~,..: 
a Maniaaot, F...uJy ...... Child Cooaauelinc (M.F.c.c. Ucen.> 
a p~ (PI'ep.ntory for Doctonl SNdie.) 
a ChenUcai Dependency (c.A.A.D.A.C Ccni&ca ... ) 

REAL 
ESTATE 

SERVICES N_. _____________ .... _c _____ _ 
~~.--------------------------",,~o;q14~~9~ 

contact Dan Keyes 
Century 21 Village Realty 

455·6770 G ....... DtoWc. • LopaIa ............... at W_ 80da Sc:rcct a.-~CA_S. ,,-, (l1J) ))-.7547 
_ __ .... __ ........ ., •• - - - - .. CII ..... 

III BouJd~r 

s-....... , ~ Who can 
dcscri~ it? You won'l want to miss it. 

Hc~' s your chanc.c to make the: summer of 
'92 On<: you'll always ~rntmbc:r. 
11ittl ht. ~ Boulder campus 
taka on a special quality in the summc::r. 
Faculty come:: to class in shom. Small 
discussion groups mttt un&r m.: rttts on 
the lawn. You find yoursdf pan of a 
comfortable learning rommunity- who 
work, study, or just relax tog<:ther. 
11ittl........ Clloos<: from av<:r 500 
counes, inclucii~ archacological fidd 
study in Steamboat Springs. production 
with the Colorado Shakesp<:an: Festival, an 
intensive Spanish institute, a biology fidd 
cours<: on plants of Colorado, pc=rformanct 
with the Colorado Lyric The:a= festival , 
and much mo~. 
11ittl-,. Tuition in the: summe::r is 
lower than during the following aCl(lemic 
year. 

11ittl...-s. Colorado has mo~ than 
1,000 specucular peaks soaring above 
10,000 feet and 53 peaks Ove:l 14,000 f/"Ct. 
Boulder has parks, open space:. and hiking 
and biking trails galore. Bould.:r is the place: 
to ~ outdoors 
Term A: June: 8-July 10 
Term B: July t4-August 1-4 
Term C: Jun.: 8-July 31 
Term 0 : lun.: 8-Augost 14 
Shorter, intensive: counes also available 
c.II .......... for a free CU-
Boulder Summer Session Catalog, which 
contains everything you ncc:d to know 
about special coona, rcgisuation, housing. 
tuition and fttS, financial aid. studc:nt 
s<:rviccs, and class schedules. 
For information, call (303) .'2·2-456. 

Yn. "'" "" tlwftrr 1991 cu-~s.,._ s..s;.. c...J.r. 

N.m< 

Ac:kJICU 

1 COl}' S tate Zip 

O •• C of Binh Saci:al s.cu",,. Number' 
005 
M .. ITo: 
O/foa of Admissions ' R<z<n. AdminiJlI~tM c.mcr 125 • Campw 50, 30 
Uni ..... tyofCotorado It BouIcIn' BouIdtr. CO 80309.()(1)O 
• For ~'''I.J In,,iJiam- of tJWnuJ-,! 
(303) -492-2-456 
Allirnu.;'" Aa ion/Equal Oppon-niry h .. it",ion 

. 

"Equilibrium in the Research University," Atkinson 
discussed the three missions of a research university : "the 
propagation of knowledge, the creation of knowledge and 
the application of knowledge." 

Although ideally the university would pursue these 
goals with equal energies. the reality is that research often 
takes precedence over teaching. One problem is that 
lower-division courses are often taught by graduate 
~tudenlS or lecturers. This re ults in a separation of the 
teaching and research functions for teachers. Atkinson 
suggested that faculty at all levels should be encouraged to 
teach lower-division courses in order to combat thi 
problem. 

financially. research at UCSD does not detract from 
undergraduate life. Research money comes from the 
federal government and cannot be used to reduce enroll-
ment funds or other student fees. 

The article emphasized the importance of integrating 
teaching and research in various ways. The combination of 
the two allows graduate students the opponunitY to obtain 
teaching skiDs. Undergraduate students benefit from the 
supercomputer, from internships, from the directlmowl-
edge that is generated in their classrooms and from the 
reputation that a good research university possesses. 
UCSD offers an undergraduate computer graphics class 
for use with the supercomputer from which many students 
can benefit. Faculty and research at UCSD are responsible 

for having fonned 35 biotech finns in San Diego 
County. This puts UCSD in the lead for the Ii nllation of 
biotech finns in this area. 

Ernest L. Boyer, in his book Scholarship Recollsid· 
ered: Priorities of the Professorate, uggested that 
universities "develop what might be called creative 
contracts - an arrangement by which faculty members 
define their professional goals for a three to five-year 
period. possibly shifting from one principal scholarly 
focus to another." 

Another possible solution, sug!!e~ ll:d III t\1\...inson. 
would be to simply reduce the Ull -' '11111 "I ,," l'<lI l: h being 
conducted. This would relieve a greUi deal ul pressure 
from faculty and it would allow for a greater emphasis 
on teaching. 

Atkinson believes that research is a task that the 
university must fulfill - scientific and technological 
advances take root only in this atmosphere and its 
importance mu t not be reduced But as research co-
exists as a career with teaching in the university. the 
faculty must aim 10 balance both jobs. The general trend 
at UCSD and througho ut research universities today is 
that research has a graduate emphasis. Yet the quality of 
undergraduate education must continue to be upgraded 
and maintained at a challenging level if students are to 
be properly prepared for graduate education and for the 
careers that lie before them. 

~~a---------------~~ ~·...,...~""PARIS DISCOVERIES 
SUMMER PROGRAM 1992 
Int.r •••• lon : May 25 - .June 12 
Summer S ••• lon: Jun. 15 - .July 24 

.&. Marw then 50 rwguIer offwInga from the 
UnI_,.Ity'a liberal ... curriculum. 

.&. A th,....WMk FNnch langue ... Immer.1on 
program. t.Murtng cultural walldng tou,. and 
con-..tlon _Ion • . 

... A ahort COUrM on the new Germany 
culmln8tlng In • ftw-day "udy trip to a.rtln. 

... W_"-'d .xcuralona: NOrm8ncty. 
ChIImpagne. LoIre Valley chAteaux. and 
Gtvemy. 

... SerNnar toura with the Unlveralty of 

~11111111~lr T .... a the Un"""lty of New H8mpahtre. ........... 1R2 ........ PI ... _ .roc....,.: The ~ "'.--.tty of Pule au.- ..........,u.s. omo. 
eo bet 1111t ............ 434 
.... yortl, .... yortl ,_ 
T ... (212) ffT7. 4870 Fa. (212) 475-5205 

AMERICAN l1NIVERSITY 
OFPAlUS 

Monday, January 27, 1992 S5 

Guardian File PhoIo 

Chancellor Atkinson points out that the UC system is a system of 
research universities, while the CSU system is primarily focused on 
undergraduates. He cites the three missions of a research university 
as the propagation, creation and application of knowledge. 

ATTENTION 
.. 

STUDENTS 
Complete Automotive Repairs 

.Y.lm~ JOHN'S 
Wlil#[ljj1 CAR I 
SERVICE 

located at 

8040 Miramar Rd. 
695·0700 

Open All Day Saturday 

Free ride home or to school 
within 10 miles 

Japanese 
European 

& Domestic 

SMOG 
81885 

+ $SOO certificate 

Visa 
Mastercard 

Discover 
American Express 

( I 



910wers & gfis 
Costa Verde Center 
87S0 Gencscc Ave. 

an Dieb'O. CA 92122 
558-6666 

FREE 
DOlEN 

CARNATIONS 
\4l1h fIt"'h.A .... ul SIUIIf rt'Io lh" 
'4. \JlMJ _1Ih Jnf rl"'-'ftl#k" 
E.p.21HIIII • 

FUll SERVICE TANNING SALON 
Wolff Tanning System • New Bulbs 

THE LARGEST BEDS ON THE MARKET 
--------------------!~~t~ . .!~~~ing for $ 3 5 
Mull pre..,.' Ih i>coupo<l Up 2/10/92 

Please ask about our olher selVices such as manicures and hair care! 

--------------------COSTA VERDE CENTIR 
8650 Genesee, Ste. 214 
Son Diego, CA 92122 
(619)558-1858 

r--------------------, 
: VALENTINE BALLOON BOUQUET : : $499 1 Valentine Mylar Balloon I I 6 red, white, pink I 
I I II" Latex Balloons I 
I Not valid w~h any other olfers. One coupon per II person. upires 2/15/92. 

~----------r---------~ ! $1 00 OFF ! $395 ! 
I ANY PURCHASE OF I BALLOON BOUQUET I 
I I Ten 11" plain colored I 
I $5.00 OR MORE I balloons with ribbons I 
I Not valid with any other offers. One I Not valid w~h any other offers. One I 

coupon per person. uplles 3/15/92. coupon per person. uplres 3/15/ 92. 
__________ L ________ _ 

~ I 8650 Genessee Ave : ~ Costa Verde Center ~ I ~ 1 rn1 -1 C' I next 10 Plcr I III/pons 45"9291 T \Bf'.!J \~ !!J ,~ ~nuBoo/''''I(/r U-
Congratulations 

to our new sisters 
In Delta Gamma 

Kartlee Anderson 

Ellen Chen 

JamleCopp 
Anne Marie Freeman 

Kelly Gardner 
Jennifer Goldhammer 
Lori Grabyan 
Emily Haas 

Krista Hammel 

Tamara Jensen 

Lisa Larroque 

Andrea Massey 

Jodi McJoynt 

Sutha Nathan 

Neema Patel 

Kristlna Rossetto 

Kirsten Sandage 
Alison Satterberg 
Adrtenne Shlmonlshl 
Marlmne Stepczyk 
CynIIII Van Dam 
SNIIba Vora 
Sh.l!nnon Wlddlfteld 

Who's Dick? 
The man, the myth ... the legend? 

ESSAY BY JOHN RICE . CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Sometimes. while roaming about campus, I find myself passing by the unive.rsity's 
adminiSlralive offICes. 

As I approach the chancellor's 
chambers, my hand reaches up to 
arrange my hair. I traighten my 
posture -I am seemingly under 
the delusion that Dr. Richard 
Atkinson i peering out. watching 
me walk by. 

And. of course, I want to look 
my best. 

I have to remind myself that 
lhis is 001 a high school principal, 
waiting to come out and pat me on 
the back with a hearty "How are 
you today, young man?" Nor is he 
going to scold me for not being in 
class. 

He's the chancellor, l say to 
myself. 

With thi internal reminder I 
begin to slouch again. tousle my 
hair Wld continue to unter p~"t 
the office window . having no 
idea what a chancellor actually is. 
I start to wooder - what does this 
guy do? What are hi concerns? 
Does he really look like Richard 
Chamberlain? What do I know 
about this often discussed, but 
seldom understood, job? 

I know that his is the first of 
the interviews in the General 
Catalog. His signature ends this 
uplifting entry, as it would a note 
to a close friend. Maybe that ' 
what a chW1cellor 
does - pose for 
picture 
and 

author congenial welcomcs (or 
weloome congenial authors). 
Dlancellor Atkinson's smiling 
face is our welcome. like Julie 
checking a name on her clipboard 
on the Love Boat. 

I also have a vague sense thaI 
the chancellor is in some way 
responsible for the proper 
openuion of the university. 
ensuring lhal il functions as it 
hould. 

Do you think he inspects the 
food at Tia Molly' • checking for 
freshness and mouth-watering 
preparation? Maybe he urveys 
the ingenious public works of V A 
student sculptors, making sure that 
they are placed where we may all 
enjoy them. Surely he checks 
nightly to see if all the Virtues are 
lit and all the Vices are blinking. 

It i possible that he is the head 
hunle dispatcher. 

II 's all a great mystery. 
Whatever it is that the chancellor 
doe it must keep him very bu y. 
He is seldom seen; most likely he 
is fUMing important errands. 
Picking up extra bulbs for ail the 
slide projectors. Giving the chapel 
in Tiny Town a coat of paint. 
Puning up the new "under 
construction" signs. 

Such a hectic pace is hard to 
keep, and the chancellor needs 
frequent vacations. Chancellor 
Atkinson took his two weeks ago, 

since nothing of real impor-
. lance was happening 

anywhere except in the 
Student Center. I 

wonder 

where he went ... Kennebunkport, 
pemaps? 

In his absence, I asked students 
if they knew what a chancellor 
does. 

"His ignature is on the 
diplomas," one befuddled student 
responded. Aha! So a chancellor 
is kind of like the Franklin Mint, 
verifying authenticity of knick-
knacks that we hand on our waIls. 

"His role is to raise money for 
the school, you know, solicit 
fund.ing and alllhat," another 
offered. The chancellor, then, is 
the university's version of a Room 
Mother - having bake sales and 
orgWlizing car washes to raise 
money for the school. 

"I'm convinced that he doesn ' t 
exist - he' really ju t a card-
board cut-out used in promotional 
pictures for the chool." This was 
the theory of one Communication 
student who is highly sensitive to 
the manipulation of images in 
mass media. 

Whatever the actual role of the 
chancellor in the university 
system, one trait seems to be of 
paramount importance - the 
ability to avoid scandal. Taking 
risks is out of the question. I may 
be wrong, but didn't that old 
tongue twister go something like 
this: 

. "How much would a chancel-
lor chance if a chancellor could 

chance?" 

AIIIInIan. Tuct..llldw.on 
by MiIno IlIIozJGunirI 

Monday, January 27, 1992 The UCSD Guardian 

Software Design Engineers in Test Development 
Full-time and Summer Positions 

A meeting you'll never forget. 
Suddenly, there you are. 

Face to face with the opportunity of a life-
time ... and the implications are enormous. You're a 
Software Design Engineer in Test Development at 
Microsoft. Providing imaginative solutions to sys-
tems problems, and it's only the beginning. 

Here, you'll never butt heads with boredom. 
Because your contribution begins right away. Even 
better, the most advanced technology imaginable 
is at your fingertips. 

As a Software Design Engineer in Test Develop-
ment your challenge will be to use the latest in soft-
ware development tools and methodology to design, 
de.velop, and implement testing software and test 
cases. Contribute to product design by reviewing 
specifications and defining problem areas. Trou-
bleshoot software bugs to find faulty source code; rec-

om mend and implement changes. Design software 
on 80386, 80486, and RISC-based machines that are 
connected to XENIX®, MS-DOS, and OS/2 file 
servers. Work as a team member on projects such as 
operating systems, networks, compilers, personal and 
business applications software, graphical interfaces, 
handwriting technology, and multimedia. Microcom-
puter programming experience is necessary. 

So, if you've dreamed of becoming a giant in 
the software industry, and you are pursuing a 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Sci-
ence, Math , Electrical Engineering (with Com-
puter Science emphasis), or a related discipline, 
we'd like to talk with you at our On-campus Inter-
views. It's a meeting you'll never forget. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and are 
working toward a more culturally diverse workplace. 

7 



sa CALENDAll 

MIII,II_., throll,!lh FriIIII] 
• 8 a.m. --4:30 p.m. - Come 10 the 
......... ' ......... a.J 
lor assistance with your wriling projects. 
We oller indivi~ MId ~oup Iulorino. 
Slop by Yorl! HalI-4070 Of call 534-7344 
10 set up an appoioonent. 
• 8 a.m. --4:30 p.m. - lei MID 
....,. • ....... helpyou 
Ihis quarter wilh lime managemenl. 
noIeIaking. mklermprepnion. mlesl-
taking stralegies. Slop by York Halt-4010 
or call 534-7344 to set up a personal 
appointment. Also slay on the Iookout.or 
those valuable OASlSSludy Skills Work-
shops. 
• 8 am .... :30 p.m. - The IA8I 
~ ...... provides assis-
tance 10 students whose native language 
is noI English and to lhose doing worl! In 
Japanese. Spanish, German m French. 
A diagnostic lest on wrillen English as a 
second tanguage is available 00 request. 
Call: 534-2284 lor more in'ormalion. 
Otd Sludenl Cenler, Bldg. A Room 1214. 
• 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. - The ... 
WrfIIII CeItIr IS a Iree service lor all 
studenls. We offer one 10 one wriling 
conferences lor any type 01 wriling projocl 
- academic papers. personal stale-
menls, even slories and poems. Our slaH 
01 trained undergraduales. who come 
• rom a variety o. academic disciplines, 
can help you become a more eIIer:live 
wrller. Call 534-2284 to make an ap-
poinlmenl or drop by our o"ice in the Otd 
Sludenl Cenler. Bldg. A. Room 1214. 
Evening appointments also avaIlabte. 

TllcsdllY IIl1d 17JUndIlY 
• 7·10 p.m. - UIIIIIII, .." II-
.................. ...., ...... 
Come out and study! Call 534-4297 .or 
more intormation. 7th lloor. Cenlral LI-
brary. 

MOI/dll . ., tiJroll,6lJ Mont/IIY, 
FebrNllry 10 

• 8:30 a.m.·4 p.m. - 1IIIr c.u..e 
...... ".........,appticalion 
period lor Spring Quarter '92 wriling 
classes. Fill out and submilloltery 1icket· 
at HSS 2346 and gel inlormalion on 
when 10 return .or loltery resulls. 

MOI/dIlY, },mulIT] 27 
• 12·1 p.m. - No Credil Mini Course: 
f ... I11..,...... ....... I. Advanced 
Reglstrahon Required. York Halt 4010. 

7'I"dll.Y, )nl/Na" 28 
Wetil/cstill.Y, )nnNIIT] 29 

• 12-1 p.m. - No Credil Mini Course: 
fll."II/S,..1I Rnill.. II (Ad-
vanced). Advanced Registration Re-
quired. Yorl! Hall 4010. 
• 1:30-3 p.m. - StIiIy ... til,... ...... "..,.. AInIIIII Of· 
flce .. ....., c.t .. in Auslrla, 
Groo::e.lhe United Kingdom and treland. 
Inn Cenler Lounge and Conlerence 
Room. 

77J11rsdn.Y, )nl/llnry 30 
Frida.v. )nl/llnry 31 

• 11 a.m.-12 p.m. - $tHy .. 
l.tensIIlpa available in Russia. Asia, 
Latin Amenca, Alrica and Europe through 
Ihe Schoot for Inlemahonal Training. 
Come to an 1010 session sponsored by 
the Programs Abroad Office. Inll Cenler 
ConI Room. 
• 12-1 p.m. - No Credit Mini Course: 
Vec:aa..., Denl.p ••• t Advanced 
reglslralion required. 534-7344. York Hall 
4010. 

HEALTH & FITNESS 

MOlldn.Y ,"roll.,,1t Fridn.v 
• Made any New Yea(s resolulions 10 
get "I this year? See what areas o. fitness 
you need 10 work 00. Come to lhe Student 
Health Center. 2nd lloor to sign up lor a 
Iree f1TSTOP litness assessment. 

MOl/tin.Y. )mll/II,,! 2 
• 12-2 p.m. - Do you know what your 
cholesterol level is? Do you wanlto 'ind 
out? II you're a studenl. lor only $3 you 
can have your cllllul ......... 
quickly & easily al lhe Sludenl Heallh 
Cenler. Pay allhe cashier .irsl & then go 
10 Group III on the 2nd 1I00r. Sludenl 
Health Services. 
• 2 p.m. - There's nol much lime left 
unlil Valentine's Day! Come to a IIrtII 
c.tnIlII ....... and learn aboul 
a sexy. sensual and sa.e way to celebrate 
Ihis day 01 lovers. Second lIoor. Sludenl 
Health Services. 

Tllt1dll,Y, }antln"! 28 
• 11 a.m. - ·ll's nolthe size o. the 
wand lhal mailers: iI's lhe magic in it!" 
Well. iI's also the magic on ill Come to a 
IIrtII c.nI .......... and Ie-
ceiw .ree into and a 'ree condom! ~­
ond noor. SludenI HeaIIh Services. 
• 1 p.m. - So ~ couIdn1 make illo 
our .irst session Ioday? Never lear, we've 
crealed a second IIrtII CIJInI 1If. 

..... juslior ~ D:I your _-
lions! See WOU Iher8I Second Door, SIu-
denI HeaIIh ServIces. 

WuI,llslllI], }II"""" 29 
• 10 a.m. - Hey IaIIes - here's your 
chRe 10 ask alllIIose questions per-
IaiI1ng 10 yow hIIIIh. l.8Im lie inW-
IRe 0/ IiIness. inIecIion preMlon n 
moIIailhenexl ... _ ....... 
SIudanI HeIIIh ServIces. 2nd 1Ioor. 
• 1 p.m. - They call WDIesdIy 
'Hump Day.' H you call it thai also, wily 
noIcomeloa ................ 
.. and Ieirn aIW !he ins and oW 0/ 
!his p/lMomeIlOI'I! Second 1Ioor, SIudenI 
HeaIIh Services. 

7lnIr1III." }""",,"! 30 
• 10a.m.-~Io-.yscnss 
lor Ihe occasion. AI a lire CII1NI 
............ ,1 ~ you sewn! 
good fashion lips concerning lradilional 
condom wearl Don' miss iI! SludenI 
Health Services, 2nd 1Ioof. 
• 1 p.m. -111 bel you're sick 01 Jane 
Fonda and her silicone breasts! There are 
ways loward healthier. happier lives. 
Corne 10 a ........... m 
learn atlOIA Breast SeI. ~. clinic vis-
its. PfMOIing common women's prob-
lems and nulrition lips. SludenI Healih 
Services, 2nd Hoor. 

FrilllI], }1I11 """ 3 1 
• 10 am.-12 p.m. - tiM IrequenI 
visils 10 Iasllood joinls Increased your 
concem about your cholesterol levels. 

Come by the Sludellt HeaUh Center lor a 
low--cosl cll.ISlI ... , 111_ prIS' 
... ICIMIII ... U'squick. iI's easy and 
II'S onty $3. Pay althe cashier lirstlhen 
go to Group III on lhe 2nd lIoor. Siudent 
Heallh Services. 

SERVICES 

Mom/n.Y t/,rOlt"" Fridn.v 
• 8 a.m.-4 p.m. - _ PLUS (Sys-
lems ollnleraclive Guidance and Inlor-
malion) is a compuler·based program 01 
career inlormalion designed 10 help you 
clarify your skills, values and occupa· 
lional inleresls. For more In'ormalion. 
come 10 Career Services Center. Admis· 
sion S10. 
• .... - II you're gradualing this 
quarter and job-seeking, we'lI malch you 
with a prolesslonal in your field 01 inter-
est who will get you started networking in 
the local job markel. Especially helplul 
lor liberai arts majors as an allernalive to 
on-campus inlerviewing. Si(1l up with 
lhe main lobby receptionist. Career Ser· 
vices Cenler. 
• 9 a.m.-4 p.m. - The .... e ... 
............... 1 .. "..,.. 
encourages undergraduales and 
graduates in all majors 10 lake 
advantage 01 our services. leam how 
an internship can provide you with the 
experience and job Iraining lhat a 
classroom educalion cannol oHer. We 
can also help you improve your 
resume. COYer Idler n inlervlew 
skills. Making conlacls m gelling 
hands-on worl! experience increases 
your chRes .or posI~ 
employmert. Apply now .or spring MId 
summer inlernships lithe local. stile 
n nllIonII1MIs.1fpIicalion 
Deadlines: Friday • .IR*Y 3151-s., 
DiIOl (spring)lNllional (summer); 
Friday. February 7th - CalWomia 

The UCSD Guardian 

(swnrner). Drop Irt our oIIce or call 
534-4689. Price CenIer. Jrd Floor. 
Room 3.D . 

T"tsUl .. Frill".' 
• 1:3()-.4p.m. - ............. 
.... - FO( help willl eRe( goals, job 
hIRing. IISUIn8 ~ or explor-
ing prolessionll 0( ,.. school OCt-
porbJIities. No Ippoilllma~ nasay. 
just_ in. career Services CenIer. 

MM"".Y, }""IUI".' 27 
• 9-10:ll a.m. - MIl 1:111 ....... 
_ : A group IocuskIg on inII*I 01 
pnIIaI divorce on InIIy i-.:tions . 
reIaIionship issues MId seI'-ateelll. 
1..8adIrs: Mary McNaqDI, 534-aZ53 
andSMIBaHinger.ClllIors9t-up.l003 
GH. 
• 11:30 a.m. - .... ,.D'. II-
_ .... '., -Leamhowlocon-
strucI a sIIIe-oI-lhe-arI reune thai will 
rnaIce ~ sIcwId W from !he crowd. 
Career ServIces CenIer. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. _ . , • c , 
_ ...... : A QIlM4IIocusinQ on 
COIUIOS oIlMldergrUIaIewomen. lead-
ers: ElJIilla luke. 534-3585. oj s.n 
Ballinger. Call '0( appoinlmenl. 2148 
HSS. 

TNtsd"1, )1111""" 28 
• l1am. - ... ak ....... 
..... l.8Im~racPred 
10 be sua:esslulln the InIerView process. 
Career Services CenIar. 
• 3-4 p.m. - lIIfIkJ, ...... 

pnnIII divorce on t.nily inIn:Iions. 
relationship issues. and selHlsleem. 
LaIIn: MIry McNaIqDI. 534-al53. 
_Ron Ln. 534-0251. Call lor siCPI· 
up. AMlIe FormaIloII1ge . 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - elKlIIIl • 
"--mi._1M :M 
.......... MllllsWlllllrlocls· 
cuss acadImt. fIIISOII D:I ~ ... 
riences. t...dIIs: 0. ...... 534-1579 
and I.ildsay CaIdIron. 534-0249. Call 
lor si(JH.CI. AMIte Proal 0IIce. 
• 5-6:30 p.m. - .......... .. 
..... -.. ........... Led 
Irt ChIlli and Lisa. A weekly. conIidenIiaI 
"""" lor women who ... 10 dscuss 
issues D:I shn corams in a mmtort-
_ SIIIIIJ()Itiw 1IIVironmn. OIop-ins 
welcome. or call 534-3987 lor I'IIOIe in-
Ionnition. 01*110 UCSD SIUdInIS only. 
WorIWI's Resoua CenIef. 

7lnIr1IIIlIJ, }""""ry JO 
• 10:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. - ..... 
CJIIJeJI Jill hIr - Employers ner-
esIed in IncreasulO the diveIdy 0/ Iheir 
sial! will be recruiling 10 flU career. SIIII-
mer. part-time, co-ops and paid intern-
ship opportunities in all majors. All sill-
dents are inviled. Price CenIer Ballroom. 
• l1am.- IrI kl .. , .... 
'P I .......... K-12-lnIer-
esIIId in 1IIIdling? Find w atlOIA 8IlJca-
lion propns and !he credentlll ~ 
cess. Caraer Sefvices Center. 
.2-3p.m.- ................ 

Illustrations by Ron Cadiz 

.... I .... IYNuI .... ceuaI-

... wilh David. Have a question? Want 
someone to tatk lo? Need a supportive 
environmenl? Drop by room 3247 o. lhe 
Warren lileralure Bldg. or call 534-3987 
10 set up an appointment with ChelL Lisa. 
SIeve or David. 
• 3·5 p.m. - U ... ,.,.. .... 
........... : ForundergraOOateswho 
have had individual counseling and are 
ready for a group. leader: lindsay 
Calderon, 534-0249. Call lor prelimi-
nary appoinlmenl. Revelie Formal 
lounge. 
• 4-5:30 p.m. - o..rc.iII c.. 
,. ..... btIIt - Group for women 
who diet and binge. Focus on developing 
coping skills. leader: Equilla luke. 534-
3585. HSS 2025. 
.5·6:3Op.m.- C-...... :A 
support group lor .riends 01 Lesbians, 
Gays and 8isexuals. A supportive envi-
ronment lor an honest and open dia-
logue. Women·s Resource Center. 
• 2 p.m. - EffectIw ......... 
....., - 80% 01 all job YUlCies 
are unadvertised. This WOIkshop will tea:h 
you lhe mosl eftective way 10 lind them. 
Career Services Cenler. 
• 2-3p.m. - ........... ... 
........ al' ...... ~ 
III wilh ChelL Have a lJIeSIion? Wanl 
someone 10 talk lo? Need a supportive 
environmenl? Drop by Ihe Women's Re-
source Center or call 534-398710 set up 
an appoinlmenl wilh Cheli. Usa. SIeve or 
David. 
• 2-3:30p.m.-........ .. 
AIe .... llea Pat ... E ......... 
........... : A group to explore 
growing up with an alcoholic pnnI. 
LedIrs: Jeime Manese. ~30305. 
and Maureen Morison. 534-2237. Call 
lor ~. Mountain View lotIIge. 
• 2-3:30p.m. - .......... 
..... A group Iocusing on impIcI 0/ 

-................ ~ 
I .. with lisa. Drop by lhe Women's 
Resource Cenler or call 534-398710 set 
up an appoinlmentwilh Cheli .lisa. Sieve 
or David. 
.3-4:3Op.m.- ............ • 
....,: A group focusing on developing 
social skills. leader: lindsay Calderon. 
534·0249. Call lor sign-up. 1003 GH . 
• 3-4:30 p.m. - __ l1l1I IT..., FE8.Ia: For studenls who 
manage weft but are sometimes Iroubled 
by unexpressed leelings.leader: Beverly 
Harju. 534-2237. Conlact her .or si(1l-
up. 412 MMC. 
• 6:30-8 p.m. - a., ......... 
................ Iedbypeer 
counselors David and Sieve. A weekly. 
con.idential group 'or men who want to 
discuss issues and share concerns in a 
com'ortable, supportive environment. 
Drop-ins welcome. or call 534-3987 'or 
more in'ormatIOfl . Open 10 UCSD stu-
denlsonty . Mountain View lounge, Third 
Coileoe. 

Fridll.Y, )l1l1l1l1ry 31 
.1p.m.-.............. 
• ....... -learn how 10 conslrucl a 
stale-ol-Ihe-arl resume thai will make 
you stand out in a crowd. Career Setvices 
Center. 
• 2-3 p.m. - lIIIIIIJ, a., ... 
........... ~ ... withSleve. 
Drop by room 3250 o. the Warren lilera-
lure Btdg. or caU 534-3987 to set up an 
appoinlment WlIIl Cheli. Lisa. SIeve or 
David. 
.9-10:3Oa.m.- ___ 
.IIUI ... A group 10 Ia:h 
ways 10 creaIe n rnaiIUn reIIIion-
ships and overcome br8up$. l.aIdIrs: 
BMrty 1Wju. 534-2237. and VwiM 
Chee. 534-3585. Call lor sq..up. 412 
MACe. 
.12-1:3O p.m.-' ...... __ 
-.n .... Drop-in group ad-

· ............................................... __ ._--

Monday, January 27,1992 

dIessing concerns 01 ~Iic Is-
InIrsludlns.l.eIdIIrs: .... Mnse, 
534-303S, nI VIVian CIa Moootain 
View L.oooge. 
• 2 ... p.m. - a-. .. __ 
If .. __ ..... Supportive 
erMlOIIIIaII IIr dIsaIssing problems 
IIIaIId 10 IIICGIIoI and UIsIRe abuse . 
lAdIr: ~ MImz. 534-1579. AMlIe 
ColI. Prov.OI. 
.4-6p.m.-......... 
_1nIonni group lor AlrUl-Amefl-
C3I sIudIRs.1.eIdIr: Ptj Rap/IIeI, 534-
0252. MoIrUin View I..OIIIQ!. 

s""II-:t, Fe"""',,! 1 
• 11 a.m. - SItIIiI Yoga will 11M a 
..... 1' .11 ....... Nisopen 
10 all who wish 10 11M Ihe~ n 

~ 11M IIMI' ........ heII'S your 
dine! II's simple, ItIIIdng. n *'I 
.. joyIbIe. MIdIIIIon C3I bnfil .-y-
one - MIl WOUI DavisAlNersIdB room 
in !he Price CenIIr. 

M_IIII.', }IUI"II"! 27 
• 6-7p.m.- ......... meelinglo 
nominale new oIIicers •• coni. D:I gel 
Fcwwesa illlomaion. PriceCenllw. DavisI 
Riverside room. 

T "Mil], }II"""" 28 
• 5:36-7p.m.-Everyoneneadsgood 
public speaking skills. ViU .. a • .., 
,. , , an leamlrtdoing! Fun. 

supportiwclub almosphere. MAAC Con-
.erence Room l11-A (South o. Price 
Center Bookstore) More In.07 Call Dave 
546-1942. 
• 6 p.m. - ...... CIlIa Meet-
ing. Ba:J(packIng. mountain biking & 
various rocrea!ional activilies. Come join 
lhe 'un. Gallery A Price Center (2nd noor 
above the lheater). 
• 7-8:30 p.m. - LIlA General Busi-
ness Meeting rMfY Tues. night al the 
Mounlain View lounge next 10 the lennis 
courts in 3rd College. For more in'orma-
tion call 534·GA YS. 
.7p.m.-........................ : 
Sludenls presenlly applying 10 Moo 
School. Santa Cruz/San Francisco 
Rooms. Price Cenler. 

17l1/ruin.v. )allulI"! 30 
• 5 p.m. - Asian American culture is 
nol jusllimi!oo to chow meln and chop 
suey. Join .... 1IIIt-..-,UCSO·s 
AsianJPacific Islmer American journal. 
as weexplore issues & commonalities ... 
Call Erick at 622·00n .or more inlo. We 
meet in room 207. Did Student Center. 
2nd Hoor above Soft Reserves. 

MOI/I(ny-S,,,,dnv 
• lGBA's n. ..... : a celebra-
lion of lesbian, gay and bisexual diver-
sity. AtllGBA Awareness Week is com-
ing starting Jan. 26. 1992. Call 534-
GAYS '0( more inlormalion. 

TIIM"., dire .... "" S.""dll., 
• 10 am.-5 p.m.: Saturday 10 a.m.-2 
p.m. - David AVIIos and IlIIbcdI Small 
presenllheir GIM Gallery vidIoIInsIaI-
lalion . ..... 11--· GIIIery goa mar pilip ...... Dn 0111 
,.,. 0/ /IIIIIIIS gIInInd .. coIor-

~ __ nllrom ..... poInI 
view !he inSIaI~'s vidIO. GIM Gal-
Iery. 

Tuat/II.' tbrett"" SIItIlIIl.V 
Wtll,ttst/"., Ibn".." Sn tit rtIn.' 

• 8 p.m. - UCSO Theater presents 
T emessee WilliMIs' pr%undIy alIocIing 
drama. os- ......... The 
slory 01 a relationship between Alma. a 

minisaefs~. MId John. a young 
doctor. which ochoes lhe emotional 
turning 01 the century. M¥ldeII Weiss 
Thealer. S6 studlrlls. (Also Sunday. 
Februaty 2 aI 7 p.m.) 
• 12·5 p.m. - UCSO's Mandeville 
Gallery will show ne¥ly 10 hours 01 
......... .., ........ Arts 
..., ............... For 
more in.ormation call 534-2864. 

7,,,:snn.,,, )nIlNnr:r 28 
• 8 p.m. - ,.,.. .(1"" 
c-t in MandevIlle ReciIat Halt -
Free. Music students perform Oreal cIas· 
sical chambef music. 

WedllMII.", )1It1l1l1ry 2S1 
• 8:36-10:30 a.m. - __ C--
.... .... WHtf9ybeforeclass? 
Wanllo meet interesting people? W~llo 
know wI\a's going on II Warren? Come 
MId join us! 2nd lloor lil Bldg (Provost 
eon. Room). 

Fridll.", /nllulI"! 31 
• 7p.m.-l a.m.- ........ 
y_ c.l.a ..... II PC Ballroom B 
lealuring lion dance. rM1ial arts m 
roosical performances .rom 5 Ofl-Canl-
pus Chinese organizations. Chinese 
snac\(S will be served & an informal dance 
will be held 10 p.m.-l a.m. Free. Come 
cetebrale a lraditional Chinese New Year 
with us! 
• Bp.m. - ................ 
lealuring a diverse repertoire including 
Jiml Hendrix. Ornette Coleman and 
Arnold Schonenberg. will perfonn at !he 
Mandeville AudilortlJll. $15 general, $13 
seniors. $11 studlns. Tickels may be 
purchased aI UCSD Price Center Box 
OIIice or TICkelMasier wlels. 

M""dll.Y, /III1UII"! 27 
• 3 p.m. - Ann Orton 01 the University 
01 Wisconsin presents ...... .. 
..... CIII 'Ie ..... ...... 
.... :HSS7077. 

Well"est/II.", )nllullry 29 
• 3 p.m. - Vicente Ra.aeI o. the UCSO 
Comrn Dept. presenls '1I11I1II Lew: 
.. , .... c •• " ,,11-
....... ...... U.C ... II ...... 
till ,..IUI ... . HSS 7077. 

17J11rst/II.Y, )nnulI"! 30 
• 12 p.m. - The Ethnic Studies De-
partmenl presenls a seminar by Donna 
Guy oIlhe Universily o. Arizona History 
Department. The semincwisenliUed, "Fe-
.... ......., .......... ." .. 
L.u. .... : Lit Btdg, Room 3145. 
• 6:30 p.m. - ....... 1li0ii: A 
......... ...,.. Presenled by Monica 
Gayle. anchor. KNSO News. Channel 39. 
Inlormal discussions 01 rape and how 10 
deal with il .rom a local celebrity who 
described her own rape on lelevision. 
She will discuss lhe procedures 'or re-
porting rape, as wetl as lhe problem o. 
rape itself. Price Center. Gallery A. 

Frida.Y./nlllllll".' 3/ 
• 12 p.m. - The Program in Religious 
Sludies presenls Tr~ Slrong. Depart-
menlo' Pol itical Science, discussing his 
paper enlilled. "PIII1IcII TIINrr • 
ScrI,...: ... , .rHl .... .. 
AI1IIIrI1y .. n-. .......... The 
seminar is part ollhe Religious Sludies 
Ssoinars. Participan!sareinviled 10 bring 
lheir lunch. HSS 4025. 

Wtd"cstIlI.". )nllllnr:r 21} 
.6p.m.- ............... . 
.... ., .... lIf1IIIIIJ c-n, 
at UCSO. Everyone is welcome. Dona-
tion requested, bul noI required. Unlver-
Sily LlAheran Church (across street .rom 
Revelle). 
.7p.m.- BiblesludyledbyDr.Cindy 
Behling: ..... " ... CIIrIIIT Open 
to all. Sponsored by l~heran Campus 
Ministry. Universily lulheran Church 
(across slreet .rom Revelle). 

SlIIlda.", Fdtrttn"! 2 
• 10:15a.m. - lIIIIIrII." 
..... All are welcome. University 
lulheran Church (across street .rom 
Revelle). 

Mo"da.y./allllnr:r 27 
.7p.m. - ..., ........... 
Fifth Res Halls. LIIIn America Into in 
Ow HalI.lnlemshipsabrold in Cabfillo 
...,. COIdries IeasIIIMIed In DaIllI 
Hall. Great IIIJI)OrIUnIy 10 meet people 
110m the coonIry as ..,1 as those who 
SIudied there! More inIo call 534-2261 . 


