
ELSEWHERE 

More Arrests, Leu 
Revel" at ucsa 
SANTA BARBARA-
Arrests were up, citations 
were down and residents of 
Isla Vista agreed it was a very 
different Halloween experi-
ence from years past, as law 
enforcement agencies 
attempted to quell the annual 
bash. Under Sheriff Jim 
Thomas' new "no tolerance 
policy," police reported much 
lower activity in comparison 
to previous years. "I think 
people have gotten the word," 
said Sgt. Tim Gracey of the 
Santa Barbara Sheriffs 
office. "I think people are 
being a bit more cautious." 

GSA eo.chalr Joins 
Chancellor s..ch 
DA VIS - Graduate Student 
Association Co-Chair Mark 
Heckman will join the 16-
member search committee 
that will begin its hunt for a 
new UC Davis chancellor this 
year. The GSA garners one 
seat on the search committee, 
which includes an Associated 
Students representative and 
an assortment of administra-
tors, faculty members and 
staff members. "Students in 
general, I think, [would] like 
to have more representation 
[on the committee]," said 
GSA Co-Chair Dawn 
Thilmany. "I wish there was a 
little stronger representation 
from the student body, but we 
appreciate [that] we're a 
representation at aiL" 

SacStat.R ....... 
Acadelnlc ..... 
SACRAMENTO - After 
nearly three years of consul-
tation and planning. Sacra-
mento State has a University 
Academic Plan. The plan. 
which ranks academic 
programs according to their 
centrality to the university 
and student enrollment, is 
expected to be used as a tool 
in formulating the 1994-95 
budget for Sacramento State. 

INSIDE 

TuNEs! 
HIATUS: The annual 
Jazz Festival hits 
UCSD on Saturday H1 

SPOIITS: Volleyball 
advances to next round 
of NCAA tourney 14 

INDEX 

UCSD BRIEFS ........................ .... 2 
CALVlNI~ .................... 2 
OPINION .................................. 4 ' 
HIATUS .................................. HI 
ClASSIFIEDS ........................... 10 
SPORTS ........................... , ....... 14 

USED 

, H E u c 5 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1993 V LUME so. I .... L E 15 

Latest Momentum Issues Removed 
PUBUCAnoN: 2,000 copies of Asian-American 
newspaper taken in apparent theft; students 
responsible claim issue was racist and offensive 
By Philip Michaels 
News Editor 

In an action that could have ma-
jor legal repercussions, several in-
dividuals removed copies last week 
of an alternative media publication 
that they deemed offensive. 

Copies of the December 1993 
issue of Momentum, an A.S.-
funded publication for Asian 
Americans and Pacific Islanders, 
were taken by other Asian-Ameri-
can students who complained that 
an article in the issue was racist 

and insulting to Asian males. 
According to "omentum Edi-

tor in Chief Joanne Tashiro. 2.000 
copies of the issue had been stolen 
within an hour of distribution at 
sities across campus. Momentum 
has a circulation of 4.000 readers. 

Managing Editor James Chou 
observed five individuals remov-
ing stacks from the distribution 
site at the Price Center. Two of the 
individuals were wearing 
sweatshirts bearing the leiters of 
Lambda Phi Epsilon, an Asian-

REMEMBRANCE 

American fraternity. he said. 
Chou said he confronted the 

five individuals. 
"They . aid [Momentum] wasn ' t 

fit for distribution. "They felt it 
wasn' t right for an Asian newspa-
per to reinforce a stereotype." Chou 
said. 

David Lee. a member of 
Lambda Phi Epsilion. said he was 
one of the students who removed 
the Momentum issues. Lee said 
that he was not acting as a repre-
sentative of Lambda Phi Epsilon. 

"As far as the fraternity is con-
cerned. this isn'ta fraternity thing." 
Lee said. 

Lambda Phi Epsilon President 
Herbert Lee could not be reached 

BrIttany Brown wu one of the daneers at the Main Gym on Tuesday who commemorated 
KrIataIlnacht, the Nletrt of the Broken Glan, and the Holocaust. 

for comment. 
In another incident that oc-

curred yesterduy. T,,~hiro said. he 
aw two Asian-American males 

remove 100 copies of MOlI/ellflll1l 
from the alternative media racks 
in the old Student Center. Ta~hiro 
said she followed the two indi-
viduals , who threw the newspa-
pers into a garbage dumpster. 

When she confronted the two, 
Tashiro said they told her that they 
had every right to destroy the is-
sue. 

The urticle that spawned tile e 
incidents . entitled "A Little 
·Mail ... • presented what wa, ue-
scribed as a stereotypical view of 

See PAPER, Page 7 

UCSD Faculty 
And Staff 
Protest WASC 
Diversity Policy 
By Karen Walsh 
Guardian Reporter 

University faculty and sta ff 
members have joined student 
groups in prote ting a college 
accreditation comm ittee's deci-
sion to exclude gays and lesbi-
ans from protection agaill~t dis-
crimination in it diverstiy policy 
statement. 

The controversy stems from a 
policy statement drafted by the 
Western As~ocia tion of Schools 
and Colleges (WAS ), a regional 
college accreditation agency in 
which UCSD Vice Chancellor] 0-
seph Watson serves us vice chair. 

The California Legislature has 
given WASC the power to ac-
creditCaliforni acollege . . which 
gives school s greater acces~ to 
student loans or facu lty grant. . 

The current draft of the di-
versity policy sta tes, "There is 
no reli gious or moral consensus 
on iss ues of sex ual orientation 
among the institutions accred-
ited by thi co mm ission ancl it is 

See WASC, Page 8 

A.S. Council Approves Smith Policy for Winter Quarter 
MEmNG:Lockwood 
withdraws option C 
from consideration 
By Jonna Palmer 
Associate News Editor 
.... Alexander 11IIeHn 
StaffWrlter 

'The Associated Student Coun-
cil voted last night to adopt the 
option A proposal in compliance 
with last month· s Smith v. Regents 
decision. The option passed eas-
ily. with a 19-0 vote and 3 absten-
tions. 

In the Smith case. the Califor-

nia Supreme Court ruled that man-
datory student fees could not fund 
political, ideological or religious 
organizations. 

Under option A. the A.S. will 
continue to fund student organiza-
tions except those deemed politi-
cal, religious or ideological in na-
ture. A special board will be formed 
to determine the nature of any or-
ganization in question. 

By adopting option A, the coun-
cil rejected two other proposals-
options Band C. Option B would 
have funded all organizations 
solely throu,h voluntary funds. 

Option C was withdrawn ear-

Iier this week by its author, Direc-
tor of Development Wally 
Lockwood. This proposal would 
have allowed the A.S. to under-
write funding to student organiza-
tions. The organizations would 
have been required to pay the A.S. 
back within a month. 

At one of the largest public 
turnouts at a council meeting in 
years. many student-organization 
representatives voiced their sup-
port of option A and stressed the 
importance of organizational di-
versity on campus. 

"I'm very pleased to see every-
one here. We want to work with 

the student organizations." said 
A.S . President Carla Te ak. 

About 170 people attended the 
meeting. which had to be moved 
to the Price Center Ballroom to 
accommodate the overflow crowd 
of observers. 

"WI( are here today to make 
[surel that the vote you give to-
day i in our be. t interest," said 
Anthereca Edmerson. president 
of the African-American SlUdent 
Union . ''I'm putting forth a plea 
to you. becau e Winter Quarter 
[is so important to our orga niza-
tionl·" 

See A.S., Page 3 



2 NEWS 

Pyschosomatic Factors 
Could Shorten Ufe 
STUDY: UCSD sociology professor bases latest 
mortality research on Chinese astrology and medicine 
By M..y Beth Sechck 
Guardian Reporter 

A person who thinks that death 
is imminent could be right on the 
money, according to a UCSD pro-
fessor. A new study published by 
Sociology Professor David 
Phillips suggests that people can 
significantly expedite their deaths 
if there are psycho-
somatic factors in-
volved. 

ciated with the phase of the ele-
ment of their birth year were more 
likely to have decreased longev-
ity. For example, the study found 
that Chinese cancer patients born 
in years associated with the earth 
phase died 3.31 years earlier than 
other Chinese cancer patients. 

"Our data shows that the more 
strongly a group is 
attached to Chi-
nese traditions, the 
more years of life 
are lost by those 
having these 'iII-
fated'diseaselbirth 
year combina-
tions," Phillips 
said. 

The study, pub-
lished in the Brit-
ish Medical Jour-
nal Lancet, used the 
Chinese American 
community to il-
lustrate the connec-
tion between psy-
chosomatic factors 
and life span. 
Phillips and his co-
authors, under-
graduates Todd E. 
Ruth and Lisa 
Wagner, found that 
Chinese Ameri-
cans died 1.3 to 5 
years earlier than if 
they contracted a 
disease that corre-
sponded to their 
birthdate in Chi-
nese astrology and 
medicine. 

"I hav. found 
that with 
IIIOI'tallty data, 
you hav. a larg. 
set of data 

Phillips and his 
fellow researchers 
examined Califor-
nia computerized 
death records from 
the years 1969-
1990. They ana-
lyzed the records 
of28,I69Chinese 
Americans and 
412,632 Caucasian 
deaths. In which you can 

find Interesting 
patter .... 
Mortality data 

To determine 
how strongly an in-
dividual identified 
with Chinese tra-
dition, the re-
searchers took note 
of whether or not 
the individual was 
born in China, 
where they lived 
and other factors 
that would suggest 
some degree of 
identification with 
traditional beliefs. 

Is a virtual 
Traditional Chi-

nese astrology and 
medicine empha-
size a strong con-
nection between 
birth year and one 
of five phases -
metal, water, 
wood , fire and 
earth. These phases 
correspond to the 
last digit of the year 
in which a person 
was born, as well 
as to certain areas 
of the body. 

tr ..... retrov. 
of Information 
lINd can 
be .xamlned 
for faaclnatlng 
finds. " Is cheap 
&lid rapidly 

They discov-
ered that about 38 _Iyzed." 
~ Phllll .. , percent of Chi-

UCSD Sociology Professor nese American fe-
males and about 26 

For example, birth years end-
ing in a zero or a one are associ-
ated with metal, and people born 
in these years are prone to bron-
chitis, emphysema and asthma. 
Similarly, birth years ending in an 
eight or a nine are related to earth, 
and people born in these years and 
are vulnerable to lumps, nodules 
or tumors. 

"When a person contracts ad is-
ease which is associated with the 
phase of his birth year, he may be 
more likely than others to feel help-
less, hopeless or stoic," Phillips 
said. 

The study revealed that Chi-
nese Americans who identified 
with these beliefs and who con-
tracted a disease which was asso-

percent of Chinese. American 
males surveyed did not speak En-
glish well or at all. 

This would suggest that Chi-
nese-American females were more 
isolated from the effects of west-
ernization. In the study, Chinese 
American females demonstrated 
the connection between psycho-
somatic factors and death more 
strongly than Chinese American 
males. 

This study was inspired by sug-
gestions that Phillips received af-
ter publishing a paper, also co-
authored by Ruth, on the signifi-
cance of birthdays and suicide. 

Pbillips is an authority on mor-
tality and suicide trends and has 
published several other papers 

See STUDY, Page 3 

The UCSD Guardiaa Thursday, Novembcl·ll . 1993 

ETCETERA ... 
CALVIN Ie HOBBES by Bill Watterson 

QI Me! ~ ,.,C(EO ,. 
PlE.C£ CE PIE IN ~I( 
lUMG\ .' ~ ~TE5 ~E .' 
I ~ It) El>.T .\~. ' 

BRIEFLY ••• 

l£l'S ~r 7-"< ~ 
I&O~ 8~ 
Q.MS ~,. 
8'l'1 snC.C~ 

-" 

History Professor Earns Accolades 
UCSD History Professor David Noel Freedman, who 

serves as the UCSD Endowed Chair in Hebrew Biblical 
Studies, received three awards for his contributions to 
the Anchor BIble series. Freedman was awarded Best 
Old Testament Book Award (for Anchor Bible Commen-
tal)' on "leviticus 1-16"), Best New Testament Book 
Award ( for Anchor Bible Reference libraI}': " A Marginal 
Jew') and a Special Award for hIs work on the Anchor 
Bible Dictional}'. 

The Anchor Bible Project Is the most extensive 
Blble-related project In the English-speaking world. 
At this time, 53 volumes of the commentary have 
appeared, along with eight volumes in the reference 
library and six volumes of the Anchor Bible Dictio-
nsI}'. 

The three serlesvbegun In 1956 by Freedman and 
William Albright, involve a new translation of the Old 
and New Testaments and Apocrypha, with convnentar-
ies by scholars In the Protestant, Roman Catholic and 
Jewish faiths. 

Since Albright's death In 1971, Freedman has 
assumed total editorial responsibility for the series, 
which Is now two-thlrds completed. Freedman is also 
editor In chief of the new muitl-Yolume Anchor Bible 
Dlctlonaf)'. 

A graduate of Princeton Theological seminary, 
Freedman was ordained a Presbyterian minister in 
1944. 

After receMng his Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins Uni-
versity, Freedman taught a(Westem Theological semi-
nary, San Francisco TheologIcal seminary, Graduate 
Theological Union and the UnNersity of Michigan. He 
has ttlUlht at UCSD since 1986. 

ScrIppIIcIeI.tIsta Say WInter 
,..... .......... n... NonnaI 

Accordlrc to researchers at the Scripps InstitutIon 
of Oceanography (SIO), higher than usual ocean tides 

will hit the California coast during the upcoming winter 
months. Scientists are warning people who live or 
work in coastal areas, as well as boaters and fisher· 
men who may be affected by the tides, to be especially 
alert to weather forecasts and storm warnings. 

The highest tides of the 1993·94 winter season will 
occur during the momings of Nov. 13 and Nov. 14, 
according to SIO Oceanographer Reinhard Flick and 
SIO Climate Researcher Daniel Cayan. 

Alck and Cayan said that tides in San Diego during 
the moming hours on those two days are predicted to 
peak at 7.6 feet at 8:02 a.m. on Nov. 14 and again at 
8:14 a.m. on Nov. 14. These tides will be accompa-
nied by extremely low tides in the late afternoons. 

High tide conditions will also exist in December and 
January when weather conditions make accompanying 
storms more likely. 

Aick and Cayan attribute the peak elevations this 
winter to a normal cycle of high tides that occurs on the 
west coast each summer and winter due to a combina- . 
tion of solar declination and the twice monthly spring· 
neap cycle. 

Another factor in the increase in sea level is EI 
Nino, a several·month-Iong warming of the surface 
water In the tropical PaCific Ocean. 

Mulle Department'. Newest 
E ....... bl. Announces Debut 

The Music Department's newest contemporary 
music ensemble, SIRUS, will debut on Sunday, Nov. 
21 at 8 p.m. in the Mandeville Center'S Recital Hall. 
SinUS, which is made up of UCSD graduate students, 
lecturers and MusiC Department faculty members, will 
perform New York Notes by Charles Wuorinen, 
Mutterlngsby UCSD Professor Jotl Yuasa and Passage 
by Yehudi Wyner. 

Tickets are free for the premier. For further informa-
tion, call 534-5404. 

MIIUEL IUCKlNMEYER, DeS/In Editor 
BAINE CA •• , Auoc/llte News Editor 

DAVID ClIO, Photo Editor 

SOonI. JeIOl'l Thompson 

IIIIAIII It. HUTTO, Sports Editor 
PlfIUP MICHAELS, News Editor 

AlIGN MlU.ER, Associate Sports Editor 
IE.FF NIElD., Hiatus Ed/tor 

....... 1_: WIlton Chell,.. arenna Latham. Brian Lee. Marcus lobbia 
I'IIOT08ItAPHIItS: Romeo Cararrbas. Timothy Chen. Jason Curran. Dan 

~II. Jaoo RItCllIe. Oenny Rusplnl . Alny ZlOt 
CO" ~:Sarah Fernald. Non Miller. Sara Rudolph. Jenny Wrenn 
TYNT:TImUn 
mMTOI6AL AUlSTANT: Karen Chenll 
ADVIImSINI ASSISTANT: Tara Eot( 
CIRCUUTIOII ASSISTANT: HUIIh PerIIln. Crala Stokle TlltI.CSO~""""Mlnll/lRlTlIondI!s~"-*"'lIrnlfarlte_ 

01 UCSO.1ItpIuGucIIoII 011l1li ,......,., III"" IDIIII. ...... 111_ OIIII_III\IIIM I*IftIIIIOn " 
*tIr pIII/IIIIIIIt 0 1993, .. rwu onened. JIll IG) ~ Is not MIIIOIIIIIIt far lie ..un 01 
..--........ 01111. lho_ .......... III,.a RlIoIfIId _ ooClllllll*lllrln do 

JONNA PALMER, Associate News Editor 
YAKOV IOLOTOREV, Associate Photo Editor 

BOB DeANDREA, BUSiness Manager 
MICHAEL FOULKS, Advertising Manager 
MIKE MARTINEZ, Advertising Designer 

lIN IOYCHUK, ClaSSified Representative 
not ......, ..... ft ... lit TIlt ocso __ .. ~ lit CIIfarnII. OIft 

~ SIMla. lilt IG),-*,Is ___ .-_ ...... 1-•. ItI4I...,., 
"'*. 

ERIC SCHMIDT, Editor In Chief 
JASON RITCHIE, Production M8IIager 

SHANNON BLEDSOE, Copy Editor 
RENt BRUCKNER, Graphics Edllor 

IINIOR STAIF WItITIRI: Karen Chilli. franclsc:o DeVrIe • . Ben FmmcI. 
JennY Ga~, Gaye Johnson. DIn ~ •• lien Perlmen. OIlYkl Snow, CIIe 
Udell. Greta Wrenn 
ITAIF WII\'Ia: Erin AncIeIson. Shlnnon Brady. Oeln Bronstein. John 
GodfrIy. Mall ... Jacobi. Erik JohnlOl'l. Murall MooIt/Iy. Jeff Preucrrt. Ely 
Rabenl. Aitu Sa.M. Stephanie Simon 
ILWlTltATOfIS: MIcIl8 Croft, Nat/lln Erlln. Racer KIlO. Comlnle lobbla. AI 

Editorial: 534-6580. BUSiness OffICe: 534-3466. FaK: 534-7691 
UCSD Guanllan, 9500 Gilman Drive 0316, 

La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
_11_: SeccncI Aoo •• UCSD Stu<Jent Center au,lOln, 'A' 

Thursday, November 11, 1993 

A. S.: Council 
approves option A to 
comply with Smith 
ContInued from pace 1 

Anna Chu of the Faculty, SIU-
dent & Staff Interaction Program 
also reminded the 'council of its 
responsibility to support student 
organizations. "Winter Quarter is 
a vital quarter for us. The money 
makes all the difference in the 
world for us," she said. 

In addition to voicing concern 
for her own organization, Chu 
questioned the council about pa-
tential litigation that could stem 
from the implementation of op-
tion A. 

In response to Chu's concerns, 
Director of Organizations Randy 
Woodard said that though the spe-
cial board would work to prevent 

STUDY: 
Sociology professor 
looks at mortality 
Continued from ,... 2 
dealing with these topics. 

"I have found that with mor-
tality data, you have a large set 
of data in which you can find 
interesting patterns. Monality 

J_ Rltchie/Gwr~ 
DInM:tor ~ De\llollmelll W~ 
Lockwood withdrew hII prapouI. 
legal repercussions, "the broader 
the definition,the more wide open 
the A.S. is to Iitigalion ... . We will 
be watched. 

"We've got our backs up against 
a wall ... and it sucks," Woodard 

data is a virtual treasure trove of 
information that can be exam-
ined for fascinating finds. It is 
cheap and rapidly analyzed," 
Phillips said. 

For Phillips, the most reward-
ing part of this experiment was the 
opponunity to worle with under-
graduate students. 

"One of the major themes here 
is the valuable results that come 

The UCSD Guardian 

added. 
According to Tesak, however, 

the council will remain supponive 
of all student organizations. "If the 
A.S. did not support student orga-
nizations ... we would go with op-
tion B .... [Litigation is) ariskwe're 
willing to take by even pUlling it on 
the table and voting on it." 

Just before the official vote took 
place, council member Michael 
Lim spoke out in defense of coun-
cil members who had not fully 
supported option A. He empha-
sized the potentially devastating 
effects of litigation. 

"If we get sued, you get sued .... 
We want to suffer in the shon-term 
for a long-term benefit," Lim said. 

Tesak encouraged students to 
attend next Wednesday night's 
meeting, at which the council will 
determine the composition of the 
special board. 

from collaborations between fac-
ulty and students. This study rep-
resents one of the precious oppor-
tunities that undergraduates have," 
Phillips said. 

Undergraduate Todd Ruth 
agreed. "It's a wonderful experi-
ence, especially for anyone pursu-
ing academia. You gel to see how 
the research process works first-
hand," he said. 

Can You Design Something 
Better Than This Ad? 

We hope to God you can. Because we need designers pronto. 

Call 534-6580 for more details. 
Ask for Rene or Miguel. 

SOUTIERN ClftJRE on the skids 

EL CAJON 6130 El Cajon Blvd. 265·0507 
ENCINITAS 515 First St. 943-0041 
SAN DIEGO 3849 Fifth Ave. 

ALSO LOOK FOR • .• 

nCf<JN' 
.".s~ LTD. EDITION CD $6 99 

Ii~ J,'" & 10" VINYL 
& DITCH DIGGIN 

FEB. 94 

298-4755 

t 
SAPE 

HOUSE 

Now ENROLLING: SAN DIEGO'S #1 COURSE FOR THE 

Serving the UCSD pre-medical communIty since 1986 

* M,D.'s TRAINING M.D,'s-OF-THE-FuTURE * 
·INTENSIYE MCAT preparation & medicnl school applicntion/ 

admissions assistance are all we do! 

• MCAT EXPERTS: an independent program taught by UCSD·trained 
academic M.D.'s. tOP M.D.·Ph.D. candidates, & English Depanment 
faculty. 

• THE ORIGINATOR of intensive MCAT prep in San Diego. 
• 13 WEEKS (150+ hours) of detailed in-class inslruction & real MCAT 

testing. problem solving. reading/wriling workshops. review groups. 
med school application & admissions strategies, & tutoring. 

• 2000 PAGES of originallake·home review notes. reading & writing 
studyguides, MCAT & admissions siralegy handouts. problem sels. & 
MCAT -quality timed practice exams. 

• REAL MCAT TESTING for in-class & take·home practice. 
• DIRECT CONTACT with young UCSD docs & mcd students. 

• JUTORING. pre·mcd library & med school application help included_ 

• LOWER TUITION thun other COUrliCS. 

APPLY NOW! 456-5656 
V Ihe lIl(}sl hours 
V Ihl' h£'sl ills/rllc/on' 
V Ihe hc\IIIUllcrial.,· 
V Ih(' hest r('sults 
V Ihl' IOWl'SI ('osl 

San Diego's Intensive MCAT Prep Course! 

YAK.MONO 
SUSHI" DAILY SPECIALS 

NBest Teriyaki in Town" 
AfFORDABLE & HEALTHY 

YAK I M 0 N 0 JAPANESE RESTAURANT 
7TlB Regents Rd. (Vons S/lopping Center) 
Tale ouI CMli1blt. w. 01.0 oR. ClJllring seMces. 452·4255 
IICUS: 11:30_9pm 1Mon.,Thun~, 11:30_10 pm!fr. & SaI.I, 5-. pm 5undars .J L ___________________ _ 

201/. DISCOUI,. 
ON SERVICE & REPAIR OF VW's and AUDl's 
II row ~~,~!:~~~ca~~~L~~ • 
1870 Miramar Road • 4110-8484 

Air & Water Cooled • Maintenance Services • Air Conditioning· Tune-Ups 
Rebuilt Engines • Gas & Diesel· Electrical. Clutches· Brakes • Valves 

MUll present coupon and vahd UCSO 10 .".0"'_ NOI valid with maJOr engtne or 
all.m8 of eshmate. * tranlmtSSIOn repaIrs. 

-~. 
.... -

Located In the Autoport Mol • Miramar 
Next ()oo( 10 Doscounl nre 

IlCPIlliiS AT TMlIII4D Of FALL SEMlSl .. 1993 



4 OPINION 

EDITORIALS 
Editorial Bow 

ERIC SCHMIDT. Editor In Chief 
SHANNON BLEDSOE. Copy Editor 
PHILIP MICHAElS, News Editor 

The UCSD Guardilllfl Is pUblished twice • week It the Unr.ersity d California. San DieCo. Contents 
01993. v_ e"P'_ .... eln .. ~ .... mljottly \lOt. 01 .... _81 _ • .wi .... no< 

IleUSSlrii)o those o' the UC Board of Recents. the ASUCSO. flO( the entire GuMr1UJn lta't. 

A.S. Council Made the 
Right Decision Last Night 

The order has come down from the University of California 
brass: UC campuses must start complying with the Smith v. 
Regents ruling and they better start doing it now. This leaves 
student government with the thoroughly unenviable task of 
deciding who gets funding, how they get funding and how much 
they can actually get. Right now, the Associated Students is in the 
midst of forming an interim policy for Winter Quarter. 

The A.S. was given two options by the Council ofChanceUors 
for complying with Smith nellt quarter - both options about as 
pleasant as pulling out wisdom teeth without the novocaine. 
Under option A, the council would not allocate funding to the 
thrice-damned political, ideological and religious orgallizations 
during Winter Quarter, while continuing to fund other organiza-
tions. Option B would fund student organizations with a volun-
lary fee. With choices like these, it's easy to see why A.S. 
members have been so grumpy lately. 

Last week, Director of Development Wally Lockwood pro-
posed an alternative to the hateful options approved by the 
chancellors. Under Lockwood's option C, the A.S. would not 
have funded political, ideological or religious organizations at aU 
during Winter Quarter. Other organizations would have been 
underwritten by A.S. income, which they would be required to 
pay back to the A.S. within a month . Lockwood advocated option 
C because he believed it would protect the A.S. from litigation 
brought about by unhappy student organizations. In a straw poll 
at last week's meeting, II members supponed option C, which 
could have spelled disaster for student organizations. 

Lockwood's proposal was perfect in every sense but one-
it would have destroyed student organizations on campus. The 
A.S. does many things for UCSD - some of them useful, some 
ofthern inane - but its most important function is to help student 
organizations flourish. There are less draconian ways of comply-
ing with Smith v. Regents, ways that do not completely shut 
student organizations out in the cold. As A.S. Vice President 
External Nick Endres said at last week's meeting, "We're 
turning our backs on student organizations if we vote for this 
proposal. " 

Lockwood probably realized all this and withdrew option C 
from consideration. The A.S. adopted option A last night by a 
vote of 19-0 with 3 abstentions. Lockwood and the rest of the 
council made the right decision and should be commended. 
Option A may not be perfect, but it allows the A.S. to fulfill its 
commitment to campus organizations and to UCSO students. 

Swiping Papers Was a 
First Amendment Blunder 

Apparently, a few UCSD students need a refresher course on 
freedom of speech. These guardians of campus morality were 
offended by an article in the recent issue of Momentum, a 
publication of UCSO's Asian-American and Pacific-Islander 
community. To keep innocent students from reading the alleged 
outrage, the students decided to take approximately 2,000 copies 
of the issue and throw them away. 

Momentum staff members argue that the piece, which de-
scribes a stereotypical Asian male, is obviously satire, while the 
students who threw away the issue claim it perpetuates stereo-
types. Whether or not the issue was disagreeable is not the point, 
however. The fact is, taking copies of a publication, even a free 
publication, and destroying them is legally theft. In addition, the 
students claiming responsibility for the act show remarkable 
disregard for freedom of speech. 

There are many simple ways to respond to articles without 
resoning to blatant censorship. The students could have written 
a letter to Momentum or another campus publication. They could 
have met with the Momentum staff. If they found the issue truly 
racist and contrary to University of California hate speech codes, 
they could have gone to the administration requesting the issue 
be removed. 

The theft of the Momentum copies is reprehensible and shows 
remarkable lack of foresight on the part of the offended students. 
At the very least, they should volunteer an apology and reim-
bursement for the cost of the issue, 

The UCSD Guardian Thm·sday. NOVPIII!JI'I ' II. 1993 

CALIFORNIA'S SCHOOLS 
RECEIVE A FAILING GRADE 
COMMENTARY: Instead of focusing on schools, would-be reformers should 
realize that illegal immigration is a major factor in the state's education clisis 

Last week, Californians soundly 
rejected the loophole-riddled 
Proposition 174, the school vouch-
ers initiative, and rightly so. The 
initiative has nevenheless served a 
useful function - it has finally 
brought the issue of our belea-

size in the country . 
There are a lot of proposals already (lut there to 

improve the performance of California' s students be-
sides private school vouchers. Many advocate public 
school choice, which, in filct , is now on the boob after 
having been recently passed by the Legislature. This 
Ianuary parental-c hoice legislation will tnke effect, 

DAN 

HOrns 
guered public 
schools to the fore-
front. The election 
was a wake-up 
call, and politi-
cians everywhere 
are now trying to 

jumpon the school-reform bandwagon. 
Even Assembly Speaker Willie Brown, 
that consummate political animal and 
erstwhile creature of the California 
Teachers Association, now talks about 
holding an "education summit" and 
having the Legislature concentrate on 
education reform. 

Brown and his politically savvy 
cohons have recognized that in most 
voters' minds, the election was not a 
referendum on public schools. Ifit had 
been, Proposition 174 would have won 
in a landslide. A Los Angeles Times 

W.n .... to 
acknowledge 
that III.gal 
Immigration Is 
a problem, and 
the flood of 
poor and 
..&nglish 

poll showed that only four percent of .... aklng 
those who voted "no" on 174 were . 
actually satisfied with the current sys- Imml .... nts Is 
te~. Voters opposed the ~easure ov.rburd.nlng 
mamly because they feared It would 
actually worsen the plight of public our schools 
schools by siphoning off needed tax _ .... ca sind a' 
dollars and giving them to unregulated CURl U • 
private schools. financial crlsi. 

Californians are clearly not proud of 
of their public schools, and a look at ....... V. 
the performance of our students rela- proportion .. 
ti ve to those of other states shows 

permitling pm'ents to choose which pub-
lic schools their children attend, regard-
less of the district in \\·11ich they Ii ve. 

Some emphasize alternative propos-
als like increased parent participation. 
And there plenty more proposals. such 
as stricter academic requirements, stan-
dardized student testing to evaluate 
tenchers and ll1ilke them more act:ount-
able, merit pay for the best teachers, 
better vocational training and increased 
local control of schools. 

All of these various proposals to im-
prove the performance of California's 
students have something in comlllon-
they assume that the schools themselves 
are the main problem. 

All this focus on the schools may be 
di stracting reformers fro III a deeper prob· 
lem. We need to acknowledge that the 
problems of our public schools may lie 
more with the students who populate 
the schools and the circumstances from 
which they come. 

Specifically, we need to acknowl-
edge that illegal immigration is a prob· 
lem. The flood of poor and non-Engt ish 
speaking immigrants is overburdening 
our schools and causing a tinancial cri-
sis of massive propol1ions. 

We need to acknowledge that al-
ready, more than one million students 
- 20 percent of the public school popu-
lation - speak little or no English. One 

plenty of reasons why. California's founh-graders 
scored last among the 50 states in reading and math. 
More students drop out here than in all but eight states. 
College-bound high school seniors score nine points 
lower than the national average on SAT exams. Mean-
while, California spends less per student than all but 10 
states - more than $1,000 less per child than the 
national average. And we have the second-largest class 

in four lives in povel1y.11l sOllie schools, 
such as Leo Politi Elementary in the L.A. Unified 
School District, more than 80 percent of the students 
don't speak English. and 92 percent are from families 
so poor they qualify for free breaHasts and IUfH.:hes. 

This clearly unsustainable flood of poor and 1I0n-
English speaking chi Idren into Clllifol'l1ia ' ~ ~chool s 

See HATTIS, Page 6 

Thunday, November n, 1993 The UCSD Guardian OI'Ii\IO, :} 

MOMENTUM ARTICLE PROMOTES HATE, EMBARASSES AsIAN COMMUMTY 
Editor: 

As a founding member of Mo-
mentum, I find it disheartening to 
see what has become of our publi-
cation. Created with the intent to 
showcase the Asian and Pacific-
Islander experience, Momentum 
has faIlen to the status of a "bitch 
and moan" publication. With no 
clear purpose or objective, it seems 
that the present editors are content 
with printing anything they can 
get their hands on. As an editor 
myself, I understand the difficul-
ties in finding good work; how-
ever, this difficulty does not li-
cense the reckless and irrespon-
sible use of inflammatory, racist 
and sexist materials. 

In the last issue of Momentum, 
members of the Asian and Pacific 
Islandercommunity were shocked 
after reading an article entitled "A 
Little 'Mail. .. ' In short, this article 
degraded, mocked and humiliated 
Asian men. In a time when people 
of all colors, ethnicities and gen-
ders are struggling for acceptance 
and validation, it is a stab in the 
back to ha ve your own people print 
racist articles against you and your 
colleagues. 

I am not asking for anyone to 
censor this paper. That would be a 
clear violation of their constitu-
tional right to free press. How-
ever, I do have a problem with the 
suppon behind the publication. 
Momentum is an A.S.-funded pa-
per. Its production and distribu-
tion is solely funded by our stu-
dent fees. In reality, we, the stu-
dents of UCSD, are funding a rac-
ist and sexist publication. If Mo-
mentum were self-supporting, 
then, sure,let them print what they 
choose, but if we are paying for 
what they print, there must be some 
responsibility to the students at 
large. 

When A.S. Communications 
Commissioner Bik-Na Park spoke 
with Momelltum Editor in Chief 
Joanne Tashiro, she was informed 
that Momelltum will not edit sub-
missions on the basis that it is not 
their right. When pressed further, 
Ms. Tashiro forcefully stated that 
she will print anything that is sub-
mitted. The operant word is "any-
thing."lt is clear that Ms. Tashiro 
and her staff are ready and willing 
to publish whatever comes their 
way, without editing it one bit. 

READERS' 

FORUM 
The GuIrdion _. _ 110m ito ,._ ... We 
_ ",. ... to _ /Dr",.",. end cIIr1O'. _III 
_to: 

The_ 
OpInIoftEdiltlr .-

9500 Gin- 0<. 03J8 Uo.-. CA 921l!/.lQJJ8 

Well. what if someone submitted 
a piece that was anti-semitic or 
condoned racist attacks on Afri-
can Americans? (They'll print it!) 
What if someone submitted a piece 
that degraded women and advo-
catedspousal abuse? (They'll print 
it!) What if a piece that bashed 
gays and lesbians was submitted? 
(They'll print jt!) Do we as stu-
dents of color want to pay for this 
kind of hate? I think not. 

What is the purpose for articles 
such as these? Is it shock value? Is 

,.ha Guardian is 
Looking for an 
Opinion Editor 

I\Icdit'inc is an ,·\nt'some. Exciting Field 
with an Inuedihll' Future - in both 
C'lrcer and Therapl'utic terms. 

* If you are going to be a pan of it, I:el serious about your approach. 
For many students, a superior MCA T score is the only thing 

it to educate? Is it to incite anger? 
Judging from many individuals' 
initial reactions to the piece, it is 
safe to say that the primary result 
from the issue was anger and hate. 
The hate spawned various reac-
tions ranging from threatsofphysi-
cal harm to the paper's staff to cries 
of rage attheAsian-American com-
munity for supponing such a pub-
lication. None of these reactions 
were either healthy or beneficial to 
the community at large. 

So what do we do? What can we 
do? This is not the first time that 
Momentum has been reckless in its 
release. In the past, the paper has 
been known to print stories claim-
ing to be factual that were based on 
hearsay and rumors. Editors have 
been known to sneak in last-minute 
articles that reflect their own agen-
das without the consent of the staff. 
What action can we take? 

Some say, "pick it up, look at 
it. If you don ' t like it, recycle it ." 
It seems that many have done just 
that. In doing so, they are saying 
that they refuse to be insulted by 
garbage under the guise of higher 
learning. Others have suggested 
that the A.S. pull the funding from 

such an organization . To our dis-
may, it might just happen in light 
oftheSmi(1I I'. Regell(.\· t:a se. How-
ever. I feel that the mo't cI"ftu i \ 'C 
way to make change i ~ to uCllland 
that the paper be accoun table to 
the community that it cl aims to 
represent. 

MOll/ell/1I111 claim, III be the 
publication of the Asian and Pa-
cific-Islander co mmunit y o f 
UCSD. lfthat istrue, then we nced 
to enforce it. If MIII/It'II/1I11/ is go-
ing to continue its reckles\ aban-
don, then we need to refuse to 
support it. In the eye!. of many 
Asian Americans and Pacific Is-
landers, MOIllt'/1I1t1l1 has I(ls t all 
credibility and is no longl:! r a pub-
lication worthy of our ideas. Until 
the present editorial stafTt:lwnges. 
we will continue to deny its valid-
ity. I hare to see tile drea ms and 
work of the foundin g ll1e111 oers go 
to waste, but we a' a t:olllnlllnity 
cannot at:cepl th i, t) pI:! 0 1 I ITt:-
sponsible journal i~m . A, a w m-
munity. we need to , top the hate. 
Racism sut:ks. 

David Y. Lee 
Co-Editor, Hnl/ Mill Juk 

KA A President 

Interested? nd 1:1 re ' unH~ , dip!';, alld a CO \ (' I 
leiter to: 

Eric chmidt 
The Guardian 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9209.3 

l\ICAT Focus and Commitment 

-Wc're Here for You 

Focus. Hyperlearning has been prepping MeAT-bound pre·meds for 
four years now, and doing pre-med science assistance programs for 

six. So far, we have focused on one test only for preprofessional standing between them and a spot at one of our nation's 
t 26 allopathic medical schools. 

* Carefully jnvestil:ate the various prep programs. PROFESSIONAL students-Ihe MeAT. As a result. we believe we offer the lK:s1 commercially available MeAT prep program in the 
counlry, but we are far from fini shed with it. 

UNIVERSITY 
TOWNE 
CENTER 

.\Cross fron1 Mann Thealer 455-0420 
OEL MAR HIGHLANDS 

Ne,t 10 Where house 792·8131 
CLAIREMONT SQUARE 
"Ie.t to Vons 274·2600 

OPEN 7 DAYS 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

L MANICUR'ST AVAILABLE • --------~ 

If you choose an intensive course, be sure you know 
exactly what it offers. What will you be spending 
your money and time doing? And remember, 
ads can manipulate you, but students won't. 

* Ask your friends . What course did you take? 
What were its benefits and drawbacks? 
Upperclassmen/women will give it to you straight. 

* You need a program that PIUW and challenl:es you, 
that sharpens you for this grueling, highly competitive, 
and sometimes even arbitrary test. Such a program exists. 
Get in on it. 

~<!jn[~_ 
Earth 
Sandals 

Sport 
Sandals 

Flojos UCSD 10% OFF 
whh • ..,_"' 10 

Teva 

Platforms 

Clogs 

Big Sizes 

Over 140 Beach & Leather Sandals 

.t. St..1e 3761 Mission Blvd., SO 92109 488-1134 

Commitment. We have a commitment to 
conlinually upgrade our program-ba ed on 

both research and student feedback. Our course 
changes each administration-not every few years. 

We already offer more pages of high-quality ~ 

PREP COUB~E" lKllru: (and with priOled solutjons for quick revicw) p~ssages ~ and review materials than any other course. More meetJn~s 
On shorter more efficient blocks), more hours, and ~ 

inslructors who can teach both concepts gnd lest-lakin!: skills. 
Please call us anytime 10 discuss your courses or the MCAT prepara-

tion process. We have answers for you--{)ur first line of support is not 
an answerinl: service a receptjonist or any other uninformed source. 
We have close convenient and personal (24 students) classrooms, right 
next to campus. Give us a call to find out what we can do for you. 
Student service-i.e., helping you get there- is whal we'rc all about. 
It's what we do, and we won't forget it. I 

Just A-¢e It. 



6 OPINION The UCSD Guardian Thursday, NovPlllh .... · 11. 1993 

bad, an artist still has to make art. The muse 
woo't quit. And the itch just doesn't go away. 

So if you need help with art supplies, you don't have to go to a 
parent or a friend. We'll give you a hand. 

For the next few weeks, everything you need for everything you 
make is on sale at THE ART STORE . Paint. 
Brushes. Canvas. Board. Clay. Pads. Pencils. 

We're offering all art supplies at the 
lowest prices that still enable us to survive as a profit making 

business. 
And you don't have to say thanks. We're 

In this together - remember? The art part. 
And the damn recession. 

P.S. When you think you're ready for a show -
show us your work. You know we have galleries, 
don't you? 

SAN DIEGO 
939A 16th STREET. (619)233-9544 
Mon.-Fri. 9 to 7. Sol. 9:30105:30. Sun. 11 to 5. 

rj1h i 
_I 
Store 

0111111 WAY 
TOTouaMlf 

Nov. 11th 5·9PM 
Come to the Pub in the Student Center for the 

Free admission with UCSD 10 Indudes one guest. 
Raffles and Prizesl 

Pruented by UCAlJ anJ AS UCSD 

HA'ITIS: Illegal 
immigration will 
create budget crisis 
for public education 
Continued from page 4 
continues unabated. California 
school enrollments are projected to 
grow by more than one million in 
this decade, mostly because of ille-
gal immigration. To absorb this in-
flux , school expenditures are slated 
to rise 41 percent to $31 billion in 
the same period, even though that's 
economically impossible. 

. As RAND Senior Economist 
Stephen Carroll points out, "The 
state has been borrowing local sales 
taxes to fund schools as it is, and the 
projections would push school costs 
to 43 percent of the budget and freeze 
out higher education." In other 
words, we are headed toward a fi-
nancial crisis of epic proportions if 
the flow of new students (most of 
them immigrants) into the school 
system continues at the present rate. 

It is important to point out that 
California is not alone in this re-
gard. A recent study by the federal 
Government Accounting Office 
notes that California, Texas, New 
York and Florida alone contain 
nearly 70 percent of all poor and 
immigrant children. It's clearly not 
a coincidence that these are the same 
states that are facing the most seri-

ous crises in school finance. 
Unfortunately. no one has yet 

come up with an answer to success-
fully control immigration. More 
border patrol guards alone won ' t do 
it. In the long run, the North Ameri-
can Free Trade Agreement 
(NAFf A) may provide an answe r. 
As Mexico continues to develop. 
more Mexicans will hopefully be 
able to tind decent jobs in Mexico 
and not have to emigrate. 

But in the meantime. it is not 
clear what we can do. Perhaps what 
we need is reul federal help for areas 
coping with great numbersofimmi-
grant children. A bipartisan coali-
tion from the aforementioned states 
- which , combined. hold a huge 
number of the seat in Congress -
may be able to acI.;.?ve this. 

It ' encouraging to ee that 
California's leaders are tinally at-
tempting to confront our crisis in 
educati on (or at least are talking 
about it) . But as the wou ld-be re-
formers debate over how to i 111 prove 
the public schools, it' s abso lutely 
viwl that they recogn ize that the 
tlood of illegal immigr<Jtioll ha~ di -
rectly contributed to our curre nt ti -
nancial and social crisi~ in educa-
tion . 

It ·s time for our leaders to recog-
nize the fact that any proposed school 
reform which ignores thi s funda-
mental problem of illegal immi gra-
tion is doomed to failure . 

We'll (Jme Right to the Point. .. • 
We Need Another Columnist Now. 

till5M-G580 for 1m details 

FRBE 
Campus! Airport! 
Amtrak Shuttle 

Make your reservations now for a free shuttle 
ride to the airport or Del Mar Amtrak station 

THANKSGIVING BREAK: 
Shuttles departing Wednesday, November 24 

Returning Sunday, November 28 

'CHRISTMAS BREAK: 
Shuttles departing December 10, 11, 12 

Returning Sunday, January 2 

Call the TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES Office 
at 534-7433 or 534-4235 to reserve your space 

You MUST have reservations, and shuttles will fill upfast! 
Sponsored by Transportation Alternatives & 

Associated Students 

Thunday, November 11, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

VERIP Could Slash Faculty by 258 
EMPLOYEES: 433 
retired this month under 
controversial program 
By DM Kra ... 
Senior Staff Writer 

Four hundred and thirty·three 
UCSOemployees cleaned out their 
desks and silently left campus for 
the last time on Nov. I. These 
employees were participants in the 
first phase of the university's lat-
est Voluntary Early Retirement 
Incentive Program, known as 
VERIP3. 

The program, intended as acost- . 
cutting measure for the university, 
is open to certain University of 
California Retirement Plan 
(UCRP) members at all nine UC 
campuses and most ofits constitu· 
ent institutions. 

"[VERIP 3] is a way for Ihe 
university to reduce its workforce 
in order to deal with the budget 
crunch," said University Spokes· 
man Mike Alva. The program is 
operating in conjunction with sev-
eral other measures intended to 

PAPER: Editors 
file report with 
campus police 
ContInued from INtI. 1 
Asian-American males. Accord-
ing to Momentum's editors, the 
article was intended to be a parody. 

"A lot of people didn't realize 
the parody. It's written in a way 
that's kind of subtle," Chou said. 

improve the UC's dire financial 
situation, he added .. 

Many university officials have 
expressed concern that the VERIP 
program is pushing away some of 
the university's most experienced 
staff and faculty members. 

In an Oct. 26 speech to the 
Academic Senate, Chancellor Ri· 
chard Atkinson critcized the 
program's effect on the quality of 
UCSD. "There are key people 
throughout this institution who will 
not be here next Monday ," 
Atkinson said four days before the 
433 staff members left under 
VERIP. 

In the first phase of VERIP 3, 
only staff members were allowed 
to participate. Of the 1,067 eli-
gible UCRP staff members at 
UCSD, 41 percent participated in 
VERIP 3. 

System-wide, 4,578, or about 
36 percent, of the 12,551 eligible 
staff members chose early retire· 
ment. 

The program will be opened to 
Academic Senate faculty mem-
bers, such as professors, in Febru· 

David Lee, however, called the 
article irresponsible because it per-

. petuates stereotypes of Asian males. 
"We don't want to be insulted 

by something like that," said Lee, 
who added that the newspaper 
should have clarified that the ar-
ticle was intended to be a parody. 

Lee said he was also among a 
group of students that printed the 
anti·Momentum flyers that ap· 
peared in the Price Center last 

ary of next year. According to 
UCSD's benefits office, 258 fac· 
ulty members are eligible for the 
program at this campus. Eligible 
members must decide if they will 
participate in VERIP 3 by April 
29,1994. 

VERIP 3 provides incentive to 
prospecti ve participants by offer-
ing extra age and service credits 
to an employee's record. These 
credits determine how much 
money a retiree will receive as 
pension . 

In addition to this monthly ben-
efitincrease, VERIP3participants 
receive what is called "transition 
assistance," a one-time cash pay-
ment based on the employee's 
monthly pay. 

To qualify for the program, an 
employee must be at least 50 years 
old and have accumulated five 
years of UCRP service credit. 

According to Alva, once an 
employee retires, the university 
decides on a case· by-case basis 
whether the position will be elimi· 
nated or filled by an employee 
with a smaller salary. 

week. 
The flyers denounced the news-

paper for "reckless and hate-per-
'petuating journalism" and called 
on students to "put trash I ike this 
where it belongs." 

Lee said he saw no problem 
with removing the stacks from the 
Price Center. "If they ' re going to 
put [out) a stack of free papers, 
we 're going to do with them what 

See PAPER, Page 8 

Urban Studies 
& 
Planning Major 
The USP Major 

provides a challenge for 
students who want to: 

ana.. • IlIIIrdIlCipllnlly Penpecllve 
uSP majors are interested in many disciplines (e.g., sociology, economics, 
ethnic studies, history, political science, biology, visual arts, engineering). 
Instead of focusing on anyone discipline in particular, USP students choose 
to gain an interdisciplinary world view. 

DESIIN Ind .... Y_ Own DrIll ..... rch Pnject 
Focus your studies on an area that most interests you, such as environmental 
issues, urban planning, architecture, health care, education, social policy, or 
city government. 

LEARN By Dllna 
All USP majors receive credit for doing a professional internship in a 
community setting of their choice. 

r Paris" 
$19~ 

$225· 
London $215* 
Miami $170* 
Honolulu $135* 
Seattle $ 79* 

'All f ........ ach w~ ~d on , IOUndltlP 
purchase. TaKes not m(luded Some resttlc -
lions IIPPly Stud.n. , .,tus m~ bt l.qulI.d 
,,,,..,.,,..IuHtI .. · ... ..,.,, 

Council Travel 
UCSD Price Center (by the Post Office) 

Opel ...... THI .. a.". Fri. ,.5 Will .• 111-5 

iAT LSAT 
GMAT GR~ 

est Preparation Courses 
E~penenced Faculty 
Le::ture Course 
In-C lass Practice Exams 
Score," top 25% or take next 
course free 

"or _ free orochure call: 81t/ 21<>457t 
or wn'e: Unl¥e'.lty of San Diego 

T •• t PYw.,."tion Cou,.... · Sen .. H.11318 
Ale.'e Par1t. San ~iego. CA92110 

Winter Q"'~ 1114 COURSES 
Urban World Systems 
Urban Economics 
Urban Politics 

II NOBODY . KNOWS LID : . . DOMINO'S CALL US! 4S2-UCSD 

NEWS 7 

l.ftI'''I..U.~'' S8~n9S 
VII ge OrNe 

M30 La Jolla . ~) ~52.0524 
t to Antnon~ 

lne)( 150/ S~udent 
10 Discount 

--------Medium Frozen I 

: Yogurt: 
II 99CR89.11 

S1 .80 
I Soft ....... orIy. Toppong. _e. I tu WIld wilt! onv tChrr elf ..... 0.... per person 
L Eioprw 11/25/93 .J 
--------

"Trust in the Lord ... and be shall 
direcllhy paths .• - Proverbs 3:5-6 

Hours: 
11 am-1 am Sun.·Thurs. 
11 am-2 am Fri. & Sat. 
OPEN FOR LUNCH! *IISPZ 

.112 

.117 
USP 133 
USP 143 

Social Inequality 
U.S. Health Care Systems 
Western Environmental History 

2 MEDIOM I 2 LARGE I 
: 2-TOPPING PIZZAS I 1-TOPPING PIZZAS I 

*.1. 
All uSP courses are open to students in other majors and minors. 
.c.. .......... _ EMIl pal .......... 

Information on specific requireme!'ts and COU1'l8 offerings may be obtained at 226 
Co81ljlive Science Buildin8 or phone 534-3690. 

I FOR~NLY $1299 I ~~;~~;~~~~T~ $1699 I 
I lUST ASK SPECIAL plus f'~ I fOR ONt Y pl.> fox I 
I CALL US! II: CALL US! II: 
: !~-!1;~I?.. . I ~~2!lWlh~ : . I 

EII*W 12/31/13. •• • Go.. --. EIiIifto 12131193. G-l • L ___________ ~ ____________ ~ 
~-, _ .. _--.i. 0Ur_--, "" ... S:ZO.OO. 



8 NEWS The UCSD Guardian Thursday, NO\'l'mL(!(' ll , J 993 

PAPER: "n's reaJIy up to the deans to decide," he added. WASC: Staff 
wants open forum 

and requested that Watson him-
self attend to answer the ques-
tions of the campus community. 

statement [that] is in direct con-
flict with the university 's mis-
sion statement must take a clear 
stance of nondiscrimination, in-
clusive of sexual orientation." 

Woodard calls 
removal illegal 
ContInued from ..... 7 
we want," l1e said. 

The matter may not be that 
simple, according to A.S. Me-
dia Advisor Randy Woodard, 
who met with Tashiro to dis-
cuss the situation. "I basically 
told her that it was stealing," 
said Woodard, adding that the 
removal of Momentum issues 
violated the university's stu-
dent conduct code. 

Woodard said that he sug-
gested Tashiro report the indi-
viduals who removed the issues 
to their respective college deans. 

Tashiro said that she was sen-
sitive to the reactions of 
Momentum's readers, but added 
that removing the issues was an 
inappropriate response. 

"I recognize and acknowledge 
theirconcems, but they shouldn't 
infringeonotherpeople'srights," 
Tashiro said. 

According to Tashiro, Mo-
mentum filed a report with the 
UCSD Police Department. The 
police have yet to question any-
one, said Detective Nate Floyd, 
adding that the department does 
not have a lot of information to 
go on. ~It all depends on what 
kind of leads we get," Floyd 
said. 

to discuss policy 
ContInued from ..... 1 
certainly not the function of the 
commission to impose its own 
moral stance with respect to the 
admission of students or the em-
ployment of staff or faculty ." 

UCSD faculty and staff mem-
bers have begun a letter-writing 
campaign to Watson in hopes of 
getting this clause removed be-
fore the policy is voted on in 
February. 

David Fisher, a librarian at 
the Scripps Institution of Ocean-
ography, called for Watson to 
hold an open forum on the issue 

Fisher said that because 
Watson represents the Univer-
sity of California, which ' does 
include sexual orientation in its 
anti-discrimination policy, he 
should also represent that stance 
to WASCo 

Watson could not be reached 
for comment on Fisher's pro-
posal, although a spokesperson 
in the student affairs office said 
that the vice chancellor was draft-
ing a letter on the issue. 

A letter written by the Um-
brella Group, the lesbian, gay and 
bisexual group composed of 
UCSD faculty and staff members 
said that they "believe that such a 

Opponents of the policy said 
that they can appreciate tne dif-
ficult situation Watson is in. "1 
wouldn't want to be in his posi-
tion," said Maggie Houlihan of 
the UC Staff Association . 

"I do believe every bit of pres-
sure should be brought to bearon 
[WASC] not to discriminate on 
the basis of sexual orientation," 
she added. 

"This is a civil rights issue, 
not a moral issue," said UCSD 
staff member Paul Harris, add-
ing that civil rights should take 
precedence in this matter. 

Tear Off With a Friend 
-.-------------------------- ---

Getting around California on 
Amtrak® i:j easier than ever on our 
statewide network of frequent trains 
and buses. Our San Diegans, San 
Joaquins, Capitols and bus feeders 
serve over 130 of California's best 
destinations daily, including 
Santa Barbara, the Central 
Coast, historic Golc;l Country 
towns, the Napa Valley, Marine 
World, Tahoe, and Eureka. 

And with the 2-for-1 
coupon below, you can 
bring a friend along free. 
The 2 for 1 coupons can be 
used for one way travel, or 
even greater discounts on 
excursion round trips. 
Statewide on the 
San Joaqu;ns. 

The 2 for 1 deal is valid 
on San Joaquins and all its 
bus feeders, which give direct 
service from thirty different 
Southland stops to trainside in 
Bakersfield. 

Using the coupon, the 
round trip San Diego - San 
Francisco fare for 2 is just 
$101 on the San Joaquins. 
That's not per person, it's the 
whole fare! 
Up the Coast on the San 
Dlegans 

Coupon discounts also apply to the 
San Diegan route, including bus feed-
ers all the way to San Luis Obispo and 
Paso Robles. Two travelling together 
can take a San Diego - San Luis 
Obispo round trip for just $50. 

Make up your own itinerary! 
The coupon is valid all over the 
" ".. map, on all rail (white) 

'~'O...'" & bus (dark gray) 
""" lines shown. 

'"". , '~ 
.' . 

Sec.! California Our Way 
Even if you've lived in California all 

your life, you may not have seen the 
Golden State the rail way. You can forget 
the stress of sharing lanes with big 
trucks and tailgaters on car phones. 

On Amtrak you have the free-
.:eg'" ~'end"l dom to take in the view, wander 
L down to the cafe car for a r ~ snack, or catch up on your read-

I ing. Amtrak gives you quality 
. ~: . time in a friendly, low stress set-
. . ...... ; I ~~~~g the Whole Family 

Each full fare adult can bring 
one child (ages 2-15) as the free 
~r~~ companion using the coupon, 

and one additional child at regu-
lar Amtrak children's discounts. 

For more information, call your 
local travel agent or Amtrak at 

·1-800-USA-RAIL 
San Diego Amtrak 1050 Kettner Blvd. 
Oceanside Amtrak Transit Center, 235 
5. Tremont 51. Del Mar Amtrak 15 
Place and Ocean Drive. 

-------------------------------

: 2 for 1 on San Diegans & San Joaquins: 
I I TIls<ou~ I> vald fa< one adult _ and on .. dlil or of lui f.e "'''90' for t,,,,,,,,,,,.tm u>Oll System On< )OSWT1IFIX or ...... 1dspan.PARS TlAMlf- I 

d.ld COrf'jlOtllOll t' ..... I>09 t09fthtr 10 Th~coupon. not .aI,d for ttcke,,·by-matl. Pf..,.,d ordor,. or ~DPII. _ om .. JOS! 'AllDI' YJ2t CoItr .... _ 

I 2 TIl, coupon" vald fa< OM f, .. bc"'t .. til Ii>< pu,"'- of 01 stIf'5fM(e hcl:tting mach> .... or for _t of I .... on Friend or 3 ftequrn Rat. DnIt PriCHl9. ln tho ·ftOf'tl· ffltry. I one adult rare v.!len lIawl'"9 1og<thtr on tho Capo101. San board if,,"' eniff ·Y329 Caftrans fr .. CompanlOll Coupon" g:~~: ~= .. n til'" or connoctrng bIJ~ IMloAy ... th.. g ~~ = ::::'ntrrctlOtlS and blackoul, tIIot Tr_ Agont nc-., Proced .... 
I 1 TIl, coupon" .ald for 11m! No'tfmbo, I. 1993 th,oogh oppIf 'a tho I)!l'! o(f.,. pu'chl5Od ",d upon wh>d1 tho coopon 1 . ~"'" an ""omat.d ticl:ot Of It "1lfC.-y 10....... I March 30. 1994 hd." •• "-d h",dwritt." ,1CI<.t, ..,dorw It with I., .. ordor -Yl29' and 

4 This coupon" not .alld fodays. Sundovs. na t .... followong _oil Agont R ..... _ Ploced.,.. Ii>< ph, ... -Colli"", fI .. Companoon Coupon· 

I dol .. NoYembft 10. 14. 25. 16.28. 29. tJoc.mbft 17. 18. 19. I R ...... ~.Ior oM bawl-..... " (!donIKaI_-lor 1 Obt.,.coupon from tho - . and"",1 f. out tho I 23. 24. 25. 26. 30. and 31. 1993. )-MY 1. 2. 3. and f<i>rUMY ~ -, -, Ambale ,.,...,otion numbo,. f.,1 d.,of t,M!. stomp iI1f 2t.I99' ~~) h' . Ii><,"R . -lII'fX· coupon·u,.d·ondslJllle lttoyoo,ouditorcoupon(no 5 OrMJtf1a1 coupon ".", bo pr ..... ,.d No photocoprn wjf tlo 9 119 , .... .., 1''''''119 pn<e USIng . photocof>in «copted). 
I acCfPted Coupon """I bo woffodo,ed to Am"aIe or Trawl A_oil AtonIlkIooItna Pro<oduros I Agent I ~ .... on IU10mIttd tlci., (1t -~ to isM. h..-;n... ALL~ 

6 TIlscoupon" notvaltd on if"", 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.6. II . 14.2 1. IIcltet. ondorw h'tIr I ... «dol ·Y329 and tIr. pI .... 

I 22. 35. or 36 TIl, coopon IS nol vliid for fr .. t,awl w>Ih passon· -CIhr ... fI .. C..,..,.,..,. Coupon' and f •• plan) g ... uMt>ng "" tho f-.g d>lcoont' 110075, UM21. UM90. 2 lJIt iI1f ""gNi """"'" and A Oro SIa"", "willi your dater B I 
"'sallied. g<7>'ffnmonl Job Cor"" ",,~,,"y. UIA ft .. 1 P...... Wn1< tho tKiet ",mIIor "" ... bock C St.p. II to your HftPC ABOARD 
G,""I". or wrlh otho< f ... ordor, or otho< coupon ,."""',,,,,,. 920\'1'5'" ,tpo<t 

I 7 Thilo coupon 15 not witd In CDrlUnctlOn With Grl!'.t Amtftu r' ......... ~ Pt~ I VOCItlOll pockqs 1 C, .... , ,---.. for .. '1'1<. indudtng .... -1f9 AM1RAK 
e Onee IIMt hO> bogoo. chongn 10 iI1f dllf.e permitted SIi> monb (identic" ~IIJ lor both) L Agont Pf1<' fNII """'l T 

I JfCI to iI1f c""'"-' of iI1f f ... plan..... for IduII flit nj 'X' for frff '""- To pn<e _1duII a I 9 Any,.,undlfOfunvsed_ .. wiltlo calc:uIotedon.bns "".co...,.,.." Aj>ol".:JOSWT1tflll SobroZZIIP",'lIor YJ29 
-------------------------------

Thursday, November n, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD Beats UCLA at UCI 
MEN'S LACROSSE: San Diego wallops UCLA 11-5 in preseason finale 
By BrIM K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

As always, the UCSD men's la-
crosse team is looking for a few 
good men. 

But the big boys that currently 
grace UC San Diego's uniqlJe ver-
sion of steely gridiron mania may 
well be on their way to carving quite 
a name for themselves on the la-
crosse field of battle. 

UCSD traveled north last week-
end to the UC Irvine Tournament 
where it battled college and club 
teams from all over California and 
Arizona. This competition repre-
sented the end of San Diego's fall 
preseason. 

'''This was a great chance to find 
out what the team is made up of 
before the real season starts winter 
quarter," senior defenseman Mark 
Steele said. 

CLYDE: The 
Glide Slides 
ContInued from ..... 14 
even had to deal with a team that has 
a combined IQ of three (Buck Wil-
liams, Jerome Kersey, Rod 
Strickland and Clifford Robinson 
aren't exactly Rhodes Scholars), and 
that doesn't include that recently-
departed genius of a man, Kevin 
Duckworth. 

Now mind you, Drexler does 
much more for society than any of 
those boneheads. Why, he can dunk. 

:: : 

The first game on Saturday pit-
ted UCSD against Northern Cali-
fornia club foe Palo Alto. 

San Diego trailed 4-1 at the half, 
later mounting a three-goal charge 
to even the score at four, but the 
older and more experienced club 
team pulled away in the fourth quar-
ter to record a 7-5 win. 

Steele, Geoff Appuhn and Mark 
Sadauski provided a strong defen-
si ve backfield and Dave Pakter kept 
UCSD going on the offensive end 
with four goals. 

College-conference foe UCLA 
faced a tired but hungry UCSDsquad 
that same day and San Diego com-
pletely domi nated the action. UCSD-
goalie Jerome Vial shut down the 
Bruin offense and came up with 
"some very big saves." 

UCLA's netminder could best 
be described as a sieve in the cage of 

He can shoot three-pointers. He's 
won championsh ... oops, never 
mind. Well, he plays the game very 
well and everyone knows it. But the 
guy has about three years left, tops. 

For him to sniffle and cry like a 
toddler because 20-year old rookies 
and uncoordinated, seven-foot thugs 
are making nearly nine-digit sala-
ries is like my grandfather telling 
me about how basketball tickets used 
to cost a couple bucks_ Times 
change. 

Drexler has done everyone a fa-
vor by putting off his contract 
quibbles until the end of the season. 

November 29 thro_toorA.~·_'ii" J'P,jrp 

Enjoy a 300/0 to 
600/0 

discount 
on ... 

Framed artwork 
Stuffed Animals & Toys ' 

Selected Clothing 
Boxed Christmas Car,.~ds~"''*~~ml!li!~II~ij~!i~il:~i 

Ceramics and 
Novelties 

Glassware & 
Housewares 

Collector s Porcelain 
Afkham 

General Merchandise priced 
marked. 

(While quantities last.) 

Mon-Fri 8-6 & Sat 10-5 
closed Sundays and Holidays 

534-READ 

frequent return. Steele himse lf 
scored his first goal in four years in 
UCSD's 11 -5 triumph. 

Unfortunately, the momentum 
did not carryover to Sunday's 
matchup against a mighty South Bay 
club squad. 

Fatigue from the previous day's 
two games slowed the defense and 
stalled the offense. South Bay con-
trolled the game easily, triumphing 
13-4, and eliminating San Diego 
from the tournament's final rounds. 

"We came out very flat. Our de-
fense, which looked great the day 
before, was slow and disorganized," 
Steele said. 

"The fact that we killed a college 
team in our division looked really 
good," Steele said. "Everybody is 
maturing. We saw our strengths, 
our weaknesses and we can go from 
there." 

My advice is to put them off perma-
nently. 

Clyde, you were born 10 years 
too late. A decade from now an 
aging Larry Johnson will undoubt-
edly be trying to renegotiate his $21 0 
million contract. Your time came a 
few years back. 

Now it's time for the Shawn 
Kemps, Shaq O'Neals and Jamal 
Mashburns to reap the benefits of a 
more financially oriented sport. 
Clyde, you're a great guy and a 
helluva basketball player, but don't 
bite off more than you deserve to 
chew. 

FIND 
Roommates 

'AlI Cars . 
,.".ji 
I( Bikes 
I" 

, Stfreos < 

~Repalr 

Typia, 

Babysftten 

Compatel'$ 

T,*, 
_ .. rein 
TIie~" 

CIassIOeds. 
. Wllatdo 
,..Deed? 

......... 
Uf)8tIJIrs In the 
~ntCenter, 
, .. .... the 
GntII Store. 

8efote ,oU 
tht.t pap 

.. ----

SPOHT 9 

•• 

,·r 

Math 17:' ij Geometry and I, 
the Imagination /1 

I I 
AIMS to convey the richness, diversity, connectivends,~ePth 
and pleasure of mathematics. Approaches interesti~ a/ld deep 
mathematical ideas in a down-to-earth way. AsSiym0ts empha-
size thinking and writing rather than calculatiQ"n. ~cussions 
and projects replace traditional lectures a¢1~a¢. Accessible to 
enthusiastic student!OfwideiYv~ng1i"'~unds. 

" _..-r--
TOPICS in~e."1eo~etry and topology in dimensions 2,3 and 
highe

JZ
; p,r~ra; hyperbolic geometry; knots; symmetry; the 17 

kinds 0 )lallpaper; curvature; soap films; telling cabbage from 
ka~e; , 'uss-Bonnet theorem. 
PR l EQUISITES: No formal prerequisites. Calculus occasionally 
he ul but not necessary. 

f 
If 
If 

H y. 
q 

Math Majors check out: 
Math 117: 

Geometry and the Imagination 
for Math Majors 

C S D 

bike 
S H o p 

BIKE 
every '93 in stoe 

Raleigh C-50, reg. $339.95, $254.95 
94 Raleigh M-20Mountain bike $199.95 

FREE Bike Classes 
Wednesday Nights 

Open 10 to 5 Monday thru Friday. 534-4279 

Full Service Shop Student Center 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

\ \ \ (-t \ ( T 'I F \ T~ 
FRIENDS OF ~ILL W: New book study 
meellng 7p.m. Mondays at Lutheran 
Church across from Revelle campus -
comer of N. Torrey Pines and La Jolla 
Shores. Call Brad 566-6879 for more 
info. (1111-11115) 

FREE MOVIE TICKETS: Men are 
needed to participate in a doctoral 
research project. Two free movie 
passes In exchange for 90 minutes 
of your time. For more information 
please call Carlos Nelson at 688-
1265. (1114-11111) 

Winter Ouarter UNTIL NOVEMBER 12. 
Earn credit or units. valuable work 
experience and maka contacts. 90 units 
and a2.5GPA (3.0forlaw and medicine) 
required at time of application. Apply at 
room 3255. second floor-Literature 
Building. 8:30-12:ooand 1 :00-4:00. (111 
8-11/11) 

advertisers make you 
feel right at home with 

UCSD exclusive, 
recession-busting bargains. 
Thanks for your patronage. 
UCSD CLOTHING 
ADZ (3 stores) .......... .... 450-3323 
Cartoon Lagoon ........... 457-9798 
Fairmair's .......... ........... 222-0220 
La Sandale ........... .... .... 488·1134 

UCSD EATS" DRINKS 
BJ'S Pizza .......... .......... 455-0662 
Dim Sum ...................... 535-1668 
Domino's ...................... 452-UCSD 
Greek Cuisine .............. 558-7771 
Koala's Frozen Yogurt . 452-0524 
Pizza Nova ...... ............. 458-9525 
Yakimono ..................... 452-4255 

UCSDAUTO 
C & D Auto ................... 558-2436 
Overseas Auto ............. 695-1 990 
Robert's ........................ 275-1132 
Tom's Master Mech ..... 450-9494 
Costa Verde Car Wash .587-4844 
Miramar Car Wash ....... 455-1120 

UCSD HAIR a BEAUTY 
Young Attitudes ........... 457-3334 
Nails by Jennifer .......... 560-0325 
Skin Care by Lorraine .. 457-2100 
We Care Hair ...... ......... 587-CUn 

UCSD HEALTH a mNESS 
Athlete Cyclery ............. 277-8255 
Or. Becker, Chiro ......... 452-2882 
Being Fit ........ .. ............. 483-9294 
Birthright.. ... _._ .. .. . (8oo)484-LOVE 
Family Planning ........... 535-1379 
Hema Care ................... 226-1733 
Tan 4 Less ................... 455-0909 
Or. Sanford. DDS ......... 558-3490 
Costa Verde Dentistry .. 622-1 007 

UCSD OPTOMETRY 
Classical Eye ............... 452-7374 
Eyes on La Jolla ........ .. 597-2020 
Vision Care .................. 578·6796 

UCSD MUSIC a VIDEO 
CD Sounds ....... ............ 578-3472 
Music Trader ................ 693-1469 

UCSDTRAVEL 
Council Travel .............. 452-0630 

UCSD COPIES 
Cal Copy .... .................. 452-9949 
Kinko's ......................... 457-3775 
Zebra Copy .................. 457-1007 

UCSD TESTING 
Hyperlearning ............... 455-1000 
MCA T Review .............. 456-4848 

UCSD NIGHTS 
La Jolla Brewing Co ..... 456-BREW 
P. B. Brewhouse .......... 274-ALES 
Characte(s (W Manion) ...... 587-1414 
UCSDETC. 
5t. Germain's ... ... ......... 455-1414 
Mission Fed. Credit Union .... 546-2035 
Nectar Surf & Sport ...... .. 

The UCSD Guardian 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Classified advertising is sold in 15-worrl increments. The rate per 15 words is $1 for 
students (for personal use only), $3 for faculty and staff, and $4 for others. Payment in 
advance is required; therefore, ads must be mailed with a check (made payable to The 
UCSD Guardian) or presented in person. Deadlines are 3 p.m 1hurstkl.y for Monday s 
issue, and 3 p.m Monday for Thursday s issue. The Guaniian reserves the right to refuse 
any advertising Including but not limited to companionship ads. For more infonnation 
calI534-54 J 6. Mailing address: UCSDGuardian,Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilman Drive, 
0316, La Jolla, CA 92093-0316. Actual address: Student Center A, top floor. 

MODELING SCHOLARSHIPS 
AVAILABLE. learn from the best. 
Auditions Personal Image+Modeling 
Center. 220-7616. (tOl25-1212) 

INTERNSHIPS I The ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM is 
ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS for 
CHILD CARE, Missing persons, anyone 
knowing the current whareabou\S of 
former Early Childhood Education 
Center emptoy&e GALE EDWARDS 
please contact Donald Lake, POB' 
261135. San Diego, Ca 92196·1135. 
(619) 431·6332. (11111) 

Krav Maga, Sell Defense class for 
UCSD students and faculty. Same 
system taught to many federal, state 
and local law enforcement agencies, 
including FBI, Illinois State Police. and 
SWAT. Easy to learn. Highly effective. 
Taught in a friendly. non-threatening 
environment. Class spaces are limited 
as a result of individualized instruction. 
Reserve your space todayl Call 619-
899-5317. (11111-1 1115) 

WINTER SKI RESORT JOBS. Up to 
$2,000+ in salary & benefits. Ski/ 
Snowboard instructors, lilt operators, 
wait staff. chalet staff, + other positions. 
OVER 15.000 OPENINGS. For more 
informalion call: (206) 634-0469 ext. 
V5976. (11/8-11122) 

POSTAL JOBS Availablel Many 
positions. Great benefits. Call 1-800-
436-4365. ext. P·3387. (11/1-11129) 
Help Wanted. Babysitter for 5-year old 
boy. Weekend evenings. UTC area. 
Call Karen 587-0358. (11/8-11118) 

Need apart-time, on campus job? Apply 
at the UCSD Telephone Outreach 
Programl $6 .00/hr guaranteed plus 
bonus available! Raise neaded funds 
for UCSD education I Fun environment 
with oth~r UCSD students I Visit 711 
University Center (above Outback 
Adventures) or call 535-1433 for more 
infol (10/14-1212) 

Dispatcher-Growing message center in 
Del Mar seeks hardworI<lng dispatchers. 
Must type min. 30 wpm. Good spelling 
req'd. $5.251tv1o start; Spanish bilingual 
$6.oolhr.·will be tested. PT +FT shilts 
available. Ask about bonus program! 
Call Select Personnel, 492·9995. (101 
11-11115) 

Instructor-The Princeton Review, the 
nation's leader in test preparations, 
seeks part· time SAT, LSAT, MCAT 
instructors. Energy, enthusiasm and 
high test scores a must. Call 558-0500 
M-F, 2-4p_m. (1118-11/11) 
Babysitter needed for 2yr old. Variable 
weeknights/weekends. Bay Park area. 
$6/hr. Call 276-9264 and leave 
message. (11111) 

Akr sctm cti:iae, !T6 9 & 12 ~ $3X}' 
rrafl.feIrae~needca-Jl"'a ICeS. 
I.aaIIe message 457-1552. (11111) 

Wanted: Math major and/or computer 
person skilled to run gaming card math 
models in consultation with advertiser. 
$20 an hour. 280-0479. (11111-11/15) 
NURSING/COMPANION pOSition 
desired. Professional. dependable + 
experienced . Live-in or hourly . 
References. 966-1651 . (11/11·11115) 

Help Wanted - Part-time ftexible job $5.001 
hr. for housecleaning. Transportation 
provided. Call Mary 226-5273. (11/11) 
Wanted: Career-minded individuals wI 
entrepreneurial attitude to work w/UCSD 
alumnus in new expanding local 
marketing company. FT/PT. 
Environmental focus. Contact Tom at 
558-2140. (11/8·11/11) 

SPRING BREAK '94 • City of Lake 
Havasu, AZ is seeking -"responsible 
campus reps to promote largest Spring 
break in the West. Earn $$$ + Free 
trips I Bill (619) 435-TRIP or (800) 
4HAVASU. (11/11·1212) 
DRIVER WANTED, on-caIIin LaJolla.$15 
minimuml2hours, use my car, stick-shill. 
Cal Karen 459-9516. (11111·1212) 

SALES-MARKETING REPS full or part 
time for La Jolla. UTC area. We train, 
$500 commission weekly possible. 
Large financial services company , 5 
billion in assets . Call Roger Cotton (619) 
546·2859 days or (619) 550-8160 eves. 
EOE. (11/11) 

FOH ~ \LE 
78W1Ritti,nn;\WI,sanerust,$750.CXk:Co. 
456-5232 N-t-rnt-(1111·11115) 
FOR SALE: Desk chair $15: Art Easel 
(brand new) $115; drafting table, 
36"x48", $70; wetsuits. S/M; surfboards 
5'11"-6'1"; hiking boots, Asolo all leather 
7'; $60 each ALL NEGOTIABLE. 587-
8672. (10/21·11/29) 

Brother wordprocessor WP650. Like 
new. Includes disks and ribbons . 
$1500b0. 587-8830. (10/28·11/22) 

Large JC Penney microwave - great 
condition $50 OBO. Sarah 455-8201 
eves 534-4965 day. (11111) 

DEPECHE MODE TICKETS!!! San 
Diego, Nov. 16, $850bo; LA, Nov. 24. 
$6Oobo_ Very good seats. Call Johnny 
619·259·8191 . (1111-11/15) 

Guitars: Acoustic steel string, still in 
box. $75. Electric Memphis Telecaster, 
$85.586-7928. (11/1·11115) 

GREAT T AS TING WATER with 
countertop water filter: smart alternative 
to costly. inconvenient bottled water. 
QUICK installation. Removes lead, 
chlorine, more; Filters 10,000 gallons 
for only 2 CENTS PER GALLON. 272-
4148. (11/4·1212) 

WATERBED·Brand new black leather 
QUEEN SIZED. Includes heater, liner, 
head· foot boards, and never yet filled 
mattress. Cost $650.00, yours for only 
$525.00 obo. Call Scotty 975-4484/586-
0382. (1114-11111) 

Swiss Army Watch-save $100. Large 
face, steel band. Greatcond.$1500bo. 
Call or Iv. msg. 587-8635. (11/8-11/11 ) 

Thursday, NflVt'IIlIJI'" J l. L 993 

WIN CASH !! Learn how to get on game 
shows and win. Proven techniques by 
former contestants. Free Details. 
Breakout Publications Dept.3A. PO Box 
461556, Los Angeles , CA 90046 or 
(310) 285-8392. (11/8-11/18) 

1984 Pontiac Sunbird : Automatic. 
white, small d\!nt. New transmiss ion, 

. tires. $1200 obo. Call Alicia 551-
0763 . (11/8-11 /11) 
Futon and frame for sale (includes extra 
padding) . $125 obo. Call Amy 534-
3587. (11 /8-11111 ) 

Stairclimber. Precor 714, for sale. 
Practically new. $100. Call 270-1464. 
(11/8-11118) 

RT ticket from SD to Oakland. Leaves 
SD 11126 (7 :10a.m.) returns 11 /29 
9:30p.m. Male or female - $72. Call 
Andy @ 534-1 217. (11/11) 

Plane ticket : RT San Diego-
Albuquerque. Leave San Diego 6p.m. 
11122.return9:45a.m. l 1/29.$150.452· 
8678, Andrea. (11111-11118) 

Burton M6 Snowboard wilh bindings. 
Good condo $175.00 obo . 552-1292. 
(1 1/11 ) 

Panasonic Dot Matrix KX-Pl080i 
printer. Great quality, $75 obo. Sarah, 
eves 455 -8201 , day 534-49 65. (1111 1) 

Roundtrip airline ticket to Oakland only 
$72 .00! Leave SO Friday 11112 
9:20p.m., return Monday 11/158 a.m. 
Call Kim ASAP 286-3703. Please leave 
message! (11/1 t) 

MOVING MUST SELL 1989 Honda 
250R Quad, low hrs , xnt. condo w/accs. 
$2995. Ladies 12spd bicycle $50. 1987 
original Schwinn Tandem $250. 
Schwinn exercise bike $75 . Kenmore 
elect. dryer $50. Best offer 534-1931 . 
Cindy. (11/11) 

CHEAP. Large wooden desk , six 
drawers, 2 writing tablets . Just $30. 
Call 294-7747. (11111-11 /15) 

2nd ROWDEPECHEMODE ! SO Nov. 16. 
3 tickets, $200 obo. 582-7771. (11111) 

4 Sale : Tseng ET 4000 SVGAcard (ISA) 
1024x768x256, $70 obo. 622-1881. 
Doug. (11111-11118) 

OWN YOUR OWN HOME-UCSD 
STAFF and student DISCOUNTS. 
Small Condos to Luxury Homes. Great 
Financing. Near UCSD lbr $90,000's, 
2&3 BR $120.000·s+. Free info anytime. 
REIMAX ASSOC. JUDITH HADDOX, 
Realtor 275-2618. (1 0/1 4-11111) 

Female Roommate wanted to share 
spacious (1800 sq.It.). Condo 1 mile 
from UCSD. $325Imo.+113 utilities. 
Pool, jacuzzi, tennis courts, and garage 
included. Call 453-8343. (10124-11111) 

Kappa Alpha Theta is coming to the University 
of California San Diego! 
Theta 's kite will soon be tlying over the University of California at San Diego, and we invite 
upperclass women, as well as new women students, to come hear about our plans. 

What is Kappa Alpha Theta? 
Kappa Alpha Theta is a fraternity for women-the first Greek-letter fraternity for women with chapters 
at Stanford, Harvard, Yale, MIT, Colorado College, UOP, Irvine, Davis, Cal Poly and more. 

Theta Wants You! 
Interviews (by appointment): January 10 and J J , Price Center, Galleries A and B 

For more information call: 1-800-KAO-1870 or SOLO, Paul De Wine, at 534-1611 

Thursday, November 11,1993 

ROOM(S) AVAILABLE in La JoHa/ 
University City townhouse. washerl 
dryer. cable TV. private parking space, 
pool. 1888 than 1 mile from campus, 
East Parking shuttle stop right aaoss 
the street (so don't light for parking on 
campus). near buslines, room can be 
furnished If desired. Non-smokers 
please. $395+ 11" utilities. Please call 
John at 457·9821 or Tom at 296-1386. 
(10121·11/18) 
Female roommate wanted irTVl'MMiate/y. 
$300 plus 114 utiMties. " mUes from 
campus_ Near bus line: Non-smoker, 
no drugs. Quiet, friendly environment. 
Ask for Jill at 558-5938. (10125·1212) 

Own room Mira Mesa. Student house, 
washer/dryer. BarBO, pool use. $310 
month. Paul 5-49-66-42. (1111-11111) 

Room to share with grad student. WtiJ< 
to lJCSD. Study. surf, work. $250. Toml 
Beau 658-0728. (11/8·11/11) 
Master bedroom for rent. Own 
bathroom. Off Regents between L VJ 
and Nobel. Pool. jacuzzi. weightroom, 
near 3 bus lines to school . One or two 
people. $450.00 or $275.00. Call-457-
3981. (11/8·11122) 

Share master bedroom in townhouse 
by La Jolla Canyon, with amiable 
female roommate. 5·10min from 
school. For this winterlspring quarter 
and poss. summer. Females only . 
546-0363_ (11/8·11111) 
Room for rent in Del Mar. $45OJmo. + 11 
3 util. Own room, pool. jacuzzi. tennis 
courts . Washer and dryer. Call 792· 
7832. (11/8·11115) 

Room for rent. 5 min. walk to campus. 
Cable. pool. spa, parking. Microwave, 
lower/upper ovens. fully furnished 

, shared areas, expansive closets. 
$375.00 plus 112 utilities. 455·5691 . 
(1118-11122) 

Live near the beach. Share a room 
in a beautiful, huge, two story house 
In Del Mar. $300/mo. Available 
December 20th thru March 20th. 
Females only please. Call Kitty 755-
5804 . (11/8·1 till) 

Room for rent. 2brhouse in PBlLaJblla. 
2blks to beach. Utilities paid • $397.50_ 
270-1464. (1114-11122) 

Own room in OBI Mar house with 3 
UCSD undergrads. Garage. hot tub, 
decks, across street form beach. $4251 
month + dep. Choose move-in dates. 
792-16n. ask for Josh. (11/11 -11122) 
Roommate wanted. Male/Female. 
Genessee Highlands near Costa Verde. 
Own room. washer/dryer. pool, $340.00 
+ 113 utilities. 452·9520. (11/11-11129) 

ROOMMATE WANTED - Own room in 
3 bdrm. condo_ Near campus. Pool. 
gym. washerldryer. No smoking_ 
Available 12118. $35SImo. + 1/3 utils. 
457-11<19. (11111·11129) 

----------

I DINNER for 
! ·2/$11~ 
I I 

EodI .... _""""'<lonr. .... "' ..... "' ..... I 1IIOCiIII1 ...... I -' per~. Ea,ino III2SM 
-----------i COSTA VIIDI CINTER 
I 8650 Genesee (across from UTe) 
• 458-9525 

Pr. LoJIA Walerfi'ool Dining ! 5120 NoIth IIII1Ior Dr. 1 ........ """" 
226-0268 

Dprl1 7 drlV, • Illl1rh & 0111111" 

DISSERTATIONITHESIS HELP. 
Editing, organization , proofreading, 
stallstics. 2Oyrs. experience. Call 24 
hours: 265-7238 (9/21 ·1/13) 

La Jolla Barbershop . Quality 
Barbering . Haircuts $8.00. 459· 
5792. (9/21 -12/2) 
VdWIoIaLsaa0r6. Youaycud11l(ren)C31 
laIInII'orNnaopil Dld,pcAessi:i BBata . 

Now~~alagaslrdllMlls 
wabmtI Cal Qna:l466-ai25 (!W21·12r.!) 

PASSPORTPlCTURESI~$5.95. While 
you wait. Xeroxes Irld more. Near St. 
Germains_ 452-9949. (10125-&2) 

PROFESSIONAlEDmNGflEWRmNG 
of papers , theses, dissertations , 
II toI'kJgiap!li. George Thbon_ 299-2420. 
(1111 -11129) 

WORD PROCESSINGIAUDIO 
TRANSCRIPTlON _ Professional , 
personable, very skilled. Graduate + 
research & book publication 
background. 226·8446. (11/4-11129) 

Sleepless in San Diego? (or Irvine. LA, 
Berkeley. Riverside?) Worried about 
theMCAT?Talktosomeonewhocares. 
Call Hyperlearning at 1-800-MD· 
BOUND_ (11111) 

\\\\TEI) 
MODELS NEEDED . TV. runway , 
swimsuit , calendar, catalog, print. 
Experienced + Inexperienced. Call 
Auditions, 220·7614. (10125-1212) 

Earn cash or movie tickets for research 
par1icipationl CoIege-enroUed men who 
speak English as a first language, have 
at least 20120 corrected vision, and had 
both parents living at home until at least 
age seven are needed for a doctoral 
dissertation study in Psycology . 
Sessions take 45 minutes. Help me get 
out of graduate schooll Call Carrie at 
527 -On6. (11/11-11/18) 
Earn $100.00. Subjects wanted for a 
study on aIcohoI's effects_ If you are a 
Japanese . Chinese, or Korean , 
American·born male, call Scripps 
Research Institute for more information, 
554-7240. (9/27·1212) 

Background artists and colorists are 
needed for a new comic book company . 
All interested call Kevin at 457-5020. 
(11/8-11115) 
Earn cash or movie tickets for research 
par1icipationl CoIIege-enroHed men who 
speak English as a first language, have 
at least 20120 corrected vision. and had 
both parents living al home until at least 
age seven are needed for a doctoral 
dissertation study in Psychology. 
Sessions take -45 minutes. Help me get 
out of graduate schooll Call Carrie 
evenings 527-on6. (11111-11118) 

The UCSD Guardian 

UCSD MEDICAL CENTER needs 
healthy volunteers, ages 18 to SQ, for a 
2 hour study about eye.blinking. $10 
plus parking will be provided. Call Deb 
at 543-2314. (11111-11/29) 
CHINESE/ENGLISH SPEAKERS who 
moved to the U.S. alter age 15 and lived 
in the U.S. at least 5 years are needed. 
Earn $25 for 2.5 hours. Call 453-41 00, 
x453. (11111 -11/15) 

Wantad : Gay/lesbian college students 
to discuss their classroom experience. 
All discussions will be in confidential 
small groups with other gay/lesbian 
students. Project conducted by gay 
researchers for graduate studies on the 
gay/lesbian college experience. For 
information call 594-5666 and leave 
message for Christopher. All calls 
returned discreetly. (11111 -11 /1 5) 

1.0~T \ \ I) 
FOl \D 

Lost men's black Fossil watch In 
gym on Tues . 10/26 aliSS volleyball 
tourn . Inscribed initials "JTM ." 
Sentimental value. Please call 546-
8598 . (11/8-11111) 

PEH~O\ \I.~ 
Chili : Thanks for all your love & care 
for the past 4 years . Always . 
Trumpet. (11111) 

laida and 
Kobudo 
Invitational 
Tournament 

.... ,I. fA" tt,.. ..... ., 
MUiO Jikiden EiahiJI-Ryu laijulsu 
(Orisinal-Slyle Samurai SworclsDlOnsrupl 

Graduata School Information Workaho 

Me ... a Biology 
Graduate Student at 

UCSD? ... Yes! 
Meet and discuss with faculty, graduate 
students and Postdocs your future as 

a Graduate Student in Biology. 
Everyon~ welcome! 

Pizza & refreshments 
African American. Hispanic and other underrepresented minority 

students are strongly encouraged to attend. 

Wednesday. November 17. 1993 
4-6 pm 

c.nt.r for McJIecuIw Genetics l.8c:ture Room end Lobby 

For Information regarding this Workshop. call 534-0913 
..... _ ...... .,.....,.' .1.' far ....... Mnorit¥~ 

NOW FEATURING MERCHANDISE IN : 

- WATCHES 
- PLUSH 
-BOXERS 
- & much more! 
We also carry 

DISNEY 
WARNER BROS. 
HANNA-BARBERA. etc. 

University 
Towne Centre 

457-9798 

Are You Considering 
a Career in 
Public Health? 

MARISSA CORTES, MPH, Director of the Health 
Careers Opportunity Program, UCLA School of 
Public Health, will be at the Price Center to 
give a talk about the program at UCLA, general 
information about public health, graduate 
schools, public health careers, and answer 
questions. 

Friday, November 12 
11:30 am -1 pm 
Davis/Riverside Room, Price Center 
Sponsored by the Ilealth Care·Sociallssues Program 
3238 Literature Building 

Questions? Call 534·1704 

Costa 'Verde f})entis 
:$3900 

EXAM, 
"", CLEANING Be &/ X-RAYS (bitewing) 

ONE TIME ONLY GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! 
Bring this ad With you to your appointment 

.. We're open evenings and weekends! 

.. Our prices are unbelievably affordable! 

.. Prompt and gentle care in a beautiful private office! 

.. Special introductory offer-$ ISO teeth whitening (per arch) 
& .. 24 Hour Emergency Available! 

.. Plenty offree parking! 

CALLUS FOR 
& AN APPOINTMENT 

622-1007 
8650 Gen .... Ave., Suite 312 

We accept most insurance pions and major credit cords 



12 SPORTS 

1993 VoIle,.,.11 R .... I. Season Statistics 
.. CU"f.!"9 .. ' • 

mil Stpt. 7 San DIleo Stat. ()'3 
P91nt lOf!I8 • ..1. ~3 

Sept. 8 
. Idaho State University L 0-3 

Sept, 10 ~"Col. W 3-0 uc~Cruz . W 3-0 
Sept. 11 Mills W 3-0 

Menlo W 3-1 
Sept. 18 UnlYerslty of La IItme W 3-1 
Sept. 21 Cal State San Bernadino L 0-3 
sept,24 OCCidental W 3-1 

*Clatemont W 3-2 
Sept. 25 Southwestern TX W 3-0 

University of Redlands W 3'() 
Oct. 1 UC RIwt5Ide L 1·3 
Oct. 5 Point Loma Nazarene College L 2·3 
Oct. 9 W8stmorlt Col. L 0-3 
Oct. 12 Occidental College L 2·3 
Oct. 15 Menlo W 3-0 

wasnlngton MO l 2·3 
Oct. 16 Chapman University W 3·0 

St. Benedict MN W 3-1 
Oct. 19 Univ. aHa \Ierne W 3·1 
Oct. 22 Elmhurst College W 3-0 

51. Thomas W 3-0 
Oct. 23 So\Ithwestem TX W 3-0 

TrinltyTX W 3-0 
Oct. 26 Chapman University W 3-2 
Oct. 29 Cal State San Bernadino W .3.() 
Oct. 30 Cal State Dominguez Hills W 3-1 
Nov. 5 Chapman University W 3-1 

Jason 
Junior outside hitter Julie Harvey 

Individual Statistics 
ID\I _ tmm! .. 
Elizabeth Vesanovlc 261 8 244 

i :itffl1#iiM§ 
Julie Harvey 188 52 260 

6 
7 
2 Laura Kranz 186 14 189 

Jennifer Cr\)S6 96 ' \, 3 71 20 
14 
10 

Rose Vilt 94 0 22 
Kristl Askeland 62 5 118 
Heather Holtzclaw 58 1 48 8 

2 
7 

Amy Crotty 40 546 161 
Megan Lucas 20 452 77 

M. SOCCER: 
Tritons face Roanoke 
(VA) in quarterfinals 
Continued from pace 14 

Triton Assistant Coach Ted 
Pryzblek attributes Ihe emergence 
of Matt Chilton, Jay Newcomer, 
Nick Terlecky, Brian Turner and 
Ken Burns in the defensive 
backfield, qualily minutes from the 
bench, Chris Romey's output on the 
offensive end and Michael 
Madden's dominant goal playas 
major factors in UCSD' s recent suc-
cess. 

"[They] sacrifice their bodiesoul 
there. We're definitely pleased with 
their physical play," Pryzblek said. 

"Weare riding on Madden 's back 
right now. He has really stepped up 
in his training sessions and it has 
caniedonto the field." Pryzblek said. 
"RighI now, Madden is my hero." 

"Madden has really stepped up 
and has made some clutch goals," 
freshman defender Turner said. 

ROier KIlO/Guardian 

Chilton credits last year's expe-
rience. although frustrating at times. 
as vital to the developmenl of 
UCSD's slrong defense. 

"We're a real young team. Last 

year we had [mostJy] freshmanslart-
ers on defense. We got a chance 10 
spend a year together and now we 
are used 10 playing together," 
Chilton explained. 

"We have a lot of experience 
shutting down better learns. I think 
that is what has gotten us this far. 

The UCSD Guardian 

s 
( ~ 
n 
o 
h ' 

Thursday, Novembt'l' n. 1993 

Dar McDowell/ GuardIan 
Sophomore .etter Amy Crotty (left) and Krlstl Askeland record one of UCSO's 21 blocks in victory. 

VOLLEYBALL: UCSD pummels Pomona-
Pitzer in three straight to advance in playoffs 
Continued from page 14 

After UCSD took a 7-4 advan-
tage, Pomona finally began to put 
some pressure on the Tritons' de-
fensive unit. That's when Lee and 
junior Jennifer Martin took charge. 

Four different times it looked as 
if the visitors were gaining some 
momentum with surprisingly strong 
spike attempts, and each time either 
Lee or Martin made incredible div-
ing digs to save the point. 

"[Martin] was an animal. You 
just have to let yourself go on dig-
ging," junior Julie Harvey said. 

Pomona· Pitzer Head Coach Pam 
Havlick agreed. praising UCSD's 
defensive play, especially that of 
Lee. 

'Their little defensive specialist 
was great," Havlick said. 

The Sagehens called time-outs 
down 9-4 and 11-5. attempting des-
perately 10 find answers before the 
set was completely out oflheirhands. 

San Diego showed no mercy, 
though, and at 14-8, senior Liz 
Vesanovic pounded a cannon of a 
kill down Pomona's collective 
throats, gi ving the Tritons a 2-0 lead. 

As in matches earlier this year, 
UCSD came oul a bit flat in the third 
set and Pomona took its first lead of 
lhe conlest at 4-3. 

They were in front again at 5-4 

We 're ready to go on Sunday," he 
added. 

The return of sophomore 
midfielder Joel Kosakoff from an 
ankle injury has also given the Tri-
ton offense a boost in confidence. 

"[Kosakofrs] return helps us out 
a lot. The team feels real confident 
when he has the ball because they ' 
know he won't lose it. The offense 
is confident to push forward," 
Pryzblek said. 

Judging from just a few of 
Roanoke's previous contests. it is 
safe 10 say that they are an offense-
dominated squad. Roanoke, ranked 
third in the Soulh Atlantic confer-
ence in the regular season, defeated 
Shenandoah 7-0, Bridgewater 5-0, 
Guilford 7-2 and Wesley 5-0. It also 
lost to Lynchberg 9-5. 

"Roanoke is an explosive team. 
They can put a lot of numbers on the 
board. They are capable of putting 
up seven to eight goals in one game." 
Pryzblekobserved. "But our defense 
has been tough all year. They have 
just shut everyone down." 

and for a third time at 7-6. 
With four straight points, UCSD 

took a 10-7 advantage, forcing the 
Sagehens to call - you guessed it 
- a time-out. 

Down 13-11 , Vesanovic crushed 
another of her patented spikes to 
pull UCSD close. 

Pomona then gained two set points 
at 14-12 but failed to capitalize. 

After a Vesanovic dink put 
UCSD ahead 15-14, Crotty served 
the Tritons to the three-game sweep, 
16-14. 

"It was a great first-round game 
to get us ready to go," UCSD Head 
Coach Doug Dannevik said. "We 
didn't make very many mistakes. 
and everything we threw at them 
seemed to work. [The match] was 
very good for our confidence." 

Overall, the Sagehens (20-8) 
were simply no match for the Tri-
tons' offensive explosion and de-
fensive domination. 

"We hadn't seen San Diego be-
fore and we were pretty short-
handed," Havlick admitted. 
Pomona-Pitzer only dressed nine 
players for the match. 

. A major decision Dannevik had 
to make prior to the game was who 
to start at setter. During the season, 
Crotty and sophomore Megan Lucas 
flip-flopped numerous times in the 

Williams 

Messiah 

starting posi tion while Danne\'ik 
Iried to tigure out which player was 
more effective in certain silliations. 
The two played well both ~ lal'tin!! 
and coming off the bench, . 0 Ih~ 
coach's choice was a tough one. 

"[Crotty' sl more of a staner and 
[Lucas] is more of a sub. Those 
roles fit their personalities betler," 
Dannevik said. 

There was no doubt, however. of 
who to start at one outside hitler 
po ition. Vesanovic, UCSD's kill 
leader for the season, has played 
brilliantly all year long. She stepped 
her play up to an even higher level 
for Wednesday night's battle. rac k-
ing up a team-high 18 kills and com-
mitting only one error. 

"She always does this at the end 
of the year," UCSD AssistnntCoach 
Diana Klintworth said. 

Vesanovic also tied Kranz for 
the team-lead in dig~ wi th 14. Crotty 
had 42 assists and 10 digs for the 
Tritons, and Harvey collected nine 
kills and nine digs in a so lid effort. 

Asateam, UCSDdominatedplay 
at the net, out blocking the Sagehens 
21-4. 

UCSD continues its champion-
ship run when it hosts SI. Benedicts 
College' (MN) Friday night. 

-Gregg Wrenn 
contributed to this story 

ROier Kuo/ Gullrdi8ll 

Thuraday,NoY~r11, 1993 The UCSD Guardian 

David Cho/GuaR1Ian 
!Ie Johnson _13 .,... IIKI six .... ta, ahartlll the team Iud with Cartn PIlCh with 32 total points. 

Tritons Try For Title Two 
WOMEN'S SOCCER: UCSD set to face off against Plymouth State in 
Saturday's semifinal game of the NCAA Final Four in upstate New York 
By Grea Wrenn 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's soccer team 
will attempt to win its second NCAA 
Championship this weekend in 
Geneva, New York. against three 
opponents about which they know 
little to nothing. 

UCSD (17-0-1) first tangles with 
Plymouth St., 15-2-1 on the season, 
in Saturday afternoon's semifinal 
match-up. This will be the first time 
UCSD Head Coach Brian McManus 
and his team have ever met the Pan-
thers, but the coach is not too COll-
cerned about the unknown oppo-
nent. 

"We're not going to worry about 
the other teams. We're just going 
through our nonna! routine and d0-
ing what we always do," McManus 
said_ 

Saturday's first game features 
host William Smith College (18-0-
I) dueling with New Jersey's Tren-
Ion Stale (19-1-2). Trenton is an-
other unknown to McManus. but 
the coach hu some bad memories 
about the Tritons' last encounter 
with William Smith. 

Five years ago. UCSD was also 
undefeated and headed to William 
Smith for the Final Four. The Tri-
tons faced the host school in the 
championship game and ended up 
losing 1-0 in overtime. 

"William Smith is always a very 

good team," McManus said. "They 
have good ball skills but are also big 
and strong." 

The Tritons have gonen used to 
playing unknown foes this season. 
Several of UCSD's wins, includ-
ing three against Division I teams. 
have come against brand-new op-
ponents. 

The only common link between 
any of the teams is a 4-1 William 
Smith victory over Plymouth State 
earlier this season. 

But to get to either William Smith 
or Trenton, UCSD has to get past 
Plymouth State. The Tritons may be 
battling the weather and field condi-
tions as much as thrir opponents. 
While the past few days have been 
relatively balm)' by upstate New 
York standards, McManus said that 
the forecast calls for rain this week-

end. 
"If it rains. the fields will be 

terrible,just a sea of mud. That's the 
reason William Smith chose to play 
the early game on Saturday, be-
cause they know what the fields will 
be like in the afternoon. [' d rather 
have snow - at least you can clear 
it off the field," he said. 

The threat of rain and a sloppy 
field is real enough that school offi-
cials have set aside a back-up field 
at WiJljam Smith, should the pri-
macy site become unusable. 

If snow does start to fall, the 
Tritons figure to surprise those who 
thinIc their Southern California blood 
is too thin for anything but room 
temperature. 

To reach the Final Four, UCSD 
last weekend traveled to Minnesota 
where it won the West Regional 
championship. According to 
McManus, his team might as well 
have been playing in Hawaii. "We 
came out fired-up and once we were 
playing it didn't affect us at all," the 
coach said_ 

Not coincidentally," McManus 
sees attitude, not the weather, as the 
key to the Tritons' success this week. 
"As long as we have the same inten-
sity as last week, we'll be fine." 

Last week's results gave the Tri-
tons their 15th postseason win, ty-
ing them with Ithaca College for the 
most ever by a Division m team. 

Tritons Foil Fullerton Fencers 
FENCING: UCSD women destroy L.A. contingent, men finish 2-1 on weekend 
By ...... K. Hutto Triton ship sailing in smooth waters 20-7. 
Sports Editor from the get-go. Unlike the women, the men com-

En guardel The Triton men's The women's squad remains a pete in three separate divisions: epee, 
and women's fencing teams slashed swashbuckling powerbouse in the foil and sabre. In the three-game 

FENCING 

)~ 

their way into turgid Southwest Seas, topping Long tally, UCSD finished 14-12 in the 
the 1993 sea- Beach State 11-5, Cal Tech 11-5 epee, 19-8 in the foil and 16-11 in 
son with an and CSU Fullerton 10-6 in the the fast-paced sabre category. 
impressive women's foil competition. Gabe Lawson turned in the top 
performance Yumi Nishiyama turned in the individual Triton performance with 
at Long outstandi ng performance of the com- an undefeated 9-0 in the foil. 
Beach State petition for the women, completing '" am very pleased with both the 
last Saturday. the day a perfect 12-0. men's and women's foil squad," 

New On the starboard side. the men Posthumus said. "The epee squad is 
UCSD Head parried their way to two victories real new and inexperienced but is 
Coach Lisa and one defeat on the weekend. coming along nicely. The sabre 
Posthumus Long Beach easily topped the squad is also new. but lam pleased 
has amply troublesome Tritons 19-8,butUCSD with their performance." 

seized the helm of departed Head gathered its wits, edging Cal Tech The Tritons will face UCLA and 
COICh Allison Reid, and had the I S-12 and throttling CSU Fullerton USC this Saturday in Long Beach. 

13 

NCA 
Championship 

Roger KUO/Guilrdlan 

T 

Coffidering the paper is 
due tomorrow, aren't ~u 
glad we're open all night? 

Y Oll want to make sure yOW' project looks ilS best when you 
tum it in. And since you'U probably be working on it until 

the minute it's due, it's a good thing we never tum in. 

La Jolla 
8849 Villa La lalla Dr. (near Ralphs) 

457-3775 
Pacific Beach 

1834 Gamet A venue 
48]-1852 

MONTEREY 
INSTITUTE of INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 

SUMMER 
INTENSIVE 

LANGUAGE 
PROGRAM 

June 22 - August 17, 1994 
Arabic, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, 

Korean, Spanish, and English 

June 15- August 17, 1994 
Chinese, Japanese, and Russian 

MONTEREY INSTITlITE OF INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
425 Van Buren Street, Monterey, California 93940 
Telephone: (408) 647-4115 FAX: (408) 647-.1!534 

The Graduate School for International Careers 

II s I ! 

combo plate 

for allow UCSO 10. Exp. 11130193 Tell your friends! No coupon needed. 
Ihe price of 

1 Item . Down the hi/( from (ffC ... ~ar Rubio's 535-1668 8935 Town, C'nIrI Drin 
R I n I ISlncl Center 

-

., 

-



14 SPORTS The UCSD Guardian Thursday , Novl'mbf'r Ll . 1993 

ARON 

MILLER 
Clyde's Time 
Glides Away 

There's one thing that even 
Pete Rose can bet on. It's as 
common as a Joe Montana injury 
or a Barry Bonds MVP award. 
Yet another professional athlete 
is asking for a contract renego-
tiation. 

NCAA First Round Knockout 
VOLLEYBALL: UC San Diego dominates Pomona-Pitzer 15-4, 15-8, 16-14 to record 12th straight victory 

This time it's Ponland Trail-
blazer guard Clyde Drexler. As 
of last week, he was demanding 
a pay raise of. oh. five or six 
million dollars. He figures that 
with everyone else in the league 
bringing home so much bacon 
lately (and sausage, and pork 
chops, and, well, the whole damn 
pig for that matter). why 
shouldn' t he get his fair shake? 

Ignore the fact that his ham-
strings more closely resemble 
string cheese than the backs of 
springy legs. Disregard his mem-
bership in the HairClub For Men 
and that Clyde ''The Glide" is no 
doubt becoming Clyde "The 
Slide" or Clyde "The Wide" in 
his old age. Toss all that aside 
and he 's a prime candidate for 
this week's new highest paid 
player in basketball (although 
who knows who it' ll be the week 
after). 

He argues that rookie like 
Golden State Warrior Chris 
Webber and Orlando Magic 
Anfemee Hardaway make more 
than he does and have barely 
even signed shoe contracts. And 
what has Webbe.r proven, be-
sides the fact that when all else 
fails, he calls really good time-
outs? 

By Aron Miller 
Associate Sports Editor 

All season long the primary fo-
cus for the UCSD women' s volley-
ball team has been to peak at the end 
of the year. At times during their 
long and challenging schedule, the 
Tritons found themselves in ruts that 
were difficult to escape. They dis-
covered their win-
ning ways at just 
the right time, 
though, taking the 
last II contests of 
the season. 

Wedne sday 
night. UCSD. 
ranked nu mber 
two in the nation, 
tallied its most im-
portant victory 
thus far by defeat-
ing unranked 
Pomona-Pitzer in 
the first round of 
th'e 1993 NCAA Division III play-
offs in a relatively easy sweep, 15-4. 
15-8,16-14 at UCSD's Main Gym. 

The Tritons dominated play from 
the outset and cruised vinually un-
scathed from there. 

Game one saw UCSD (22-9) grab 
hold of a commanding 6-1 lead 

thanks to a series of vicious kills by 
senior outside hitter Laura Kranz. 

The Sagehens called the tirs! of 
many ti me-outs at 7- 1, but it did 
nothing to stop the Tritons' unre-
lenting attack. Pomona ' s weak 
spikes were no match for UCSO's 
strong blocking core, led by junior 
Kristi Askeland. The Tritons con-

tinued thei r lIS-
sa ult. tllking 
leads of 8- 1 and 
11 -3. 

P omona 
aga in opted to 
me a Ii me-\lUl to 
try to rega in 
,o me compo-
, Lire. and again it 
proved use less. 

At 12·4, 
,o ph omore 
J oyee Lee cap-
tured three 
straight ~en' ice 

points to give UCSO the se t. 15-4. 
Tn the second game_ UCS D ca me 

out fired-up and played nearl y fl aw-
less volleyball. 

Sophomore setter A my Crotty 
got things going early_ serving the 
Tritons to a 3-0 lead. 

See VOLLEYBALL, Page 12 

NCAA DIVISION III WOMEN'S 
'VOLLEYBALL SECOND ROUND 

UCSD VS. ST. BENEDICTS COLLEGE 
FRIDAY, NOV. 12, 7 p.m. 

UCSD MAIN GYM 

Even Drexler's own team-
mate, that figure of dominance, 
the epitome of NBA centers, 
Chris Dudley, cashes a bigger 
paycheck than Clyde, and he 
couldn't even last three games 
without breaking his ankle. 

The way I see it, if my boss 
was willing to give me a pay 
raise, and I thought I deserved 
the raise. I would sure as hell 
take it. Everyone likes money, 
and if somebody is willing to 
pay it, why not take advantage? 

JISOIl RtlChle/GuanllMl 

Senior outside hitter Uz Vesanovlc led the Tritons with 14 dip and 18 
kills and committed only one error In three-set sweep of Pomon.Pltzer. 

TICKETS: STUDENTS $2 
GENERAL ADMISSION $4 CHILDREN $1 

Triton Soccer Colony Looks to Keep Roanoke Lost 
This seems to be Clyde's per-

spective. Before you play vio-
lins and shed tears fort he old guy 
though, realize that he will rake 
in a cool S 1.5 million both this 
year and next. and will jet up to 
$8.75 million for the 1995-96 
campaign. And he wants more? 

NCAA DIVISION III MEN'S 
SOCCER QUARTERFINALS 

MEN'S SOCCER: UCSD squares off against 
Roanoke (VA) in NCAA Division III Quarterfinals 

We ex peCI thistype of snivel-
ing from guys like Rickey 
Henderson or Emmit Smith. but 
not from a true veteran like Clyde 
Drexler. He's played on the 
Dream Team. He's participated 

See CLYDE, Page 9 

UCSD vS.ROANOKE COLLEGE 
SUNDAY, NOV. 15, 1 p.m. 

NORTH CAMPUS RECREATION FIELD 
TICKETS: STUDENTS $2 

GENERAL ADMISSION $4 CHILDREN $1 

By Brian K. Hutto 
Sports Editor 

The Triton men's soccer team 
has fully recovered from last year's 
disappointing omission from the 
NCAA Division III playoffs. Na-
tional Champions in 1991, UCSD 
struggled early last year and paid for 
it in the end by failing to qualify for 
postseason. 

What a difference a year make . 

The 1993 Tritons are once again 
riding on the heels of another na-
tional championship rendezvous and 
Roanoke (VA) lies in the path be-
tween ~ long walk home and San 
Diego's latest dance with destiny. 
Ranked fifth in the nation , UCSO 
(18-2- 1) will host 19th-ranked 
Roanoke (20-3-0) thi~ Sunday at I 
p.m. at S'1Il Diego\ NCR fields . 

See M. SOCCER, Page 12 

THE WEEK AHEAD JOKES, QUOTES AND ANECDOTES 
.... • •• UDlr: 

Sun., Nov. 14, NCAA DivISion III Quarterfinals vs. Roanoke (VA) 
at North Campus FIeld, 1 p.m. 

W •••• •• IUllr: 
sat, Nov. 13. NCAA DIvISion III Anal Four vs. Plymouth St. 

at Geneva, New York. 
V ••• ,..d: 

Frt., Nov. 12. NCAA DMsIon III Second Round vs. St. Benedlcts College 
(MN). 7 p.m. 

c..Cn ",. 
Sat., Nov. 13, ~ [)Malon III Western Regionals at San Bernardino, 

11 a.m. 

In the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin, South African 
lightweight boxer Hamilton Brown ate himself out of a 
shot at a medal. 

After losing an opening ro~nd match on a split 
decision, one of the judges realized that he had 
reversed the scores. 

Unfortunately,bythetimeBrown'stralnerfoundout, 
Brown had already taken out his frustrations by going 
on an eating binge, which caused him to gain five 
pounds. Brown was disqualified for going over the 

limit. 

COLOR USED 

u C S D G U A R D I A N A R ,. a EN' E R , A I N MEN' NOV E M B E R 11, 1 993 

IN THE 

nEWS 
HOC K 

• The techno groups Moby, 
OrbItal and Aphex 'win 
will perform Saturday at 9 p.m. 
in Los Angeles at 500 E. 
Commerical SU-eet as part of 
CIRCA '93, a digital showcase 
of art, music and technology. 
The performances will be ac-
companied by graphics and 
animation on a large-screen 
television. Advance tickets for 
the show are $20. Info: (213) 
683-3549. 

F I L M 

• Paris Poirier. the director 
of Last Call At Maud's, will 
discuss her film after the 7:30 
p.m. showing at the Ken Cin-
ema in Normal Heights. 
Poirier's film documents the 
lesbian bar scene in California 
from World War II to the 
present. She will also sign post-
ers at the Paradigm Women's 
Bookstore Saturday from noon 
to I p.m. For information on 
the Ken, call 283-5909. For 
information on Paradigm, call 
563-198 I. 

L 0 CAL 
• The dance/theater group 
Contraband will present "Min 
Cycle II ••• The Fall" at the 
San Diego City College The-
atre tonight through Saturday 
at 8 p.m. The play is based on 
the Ii fe of Mirabai, a 16th cen-
tury Indian mystic. Group per-
cussion and a team of eight 
dancers will portray the struggle 
of a man coming to terms with 
his life. After Friday'sconcert, 
the company will discuss its 
performance. Tickets for stu-
dents are $13. Info: 235-8466. 

• On Saturday at 10:30 p.m. 
KPBS will present a weekly. 
half-hour program called 
"FIrst F ........ " The pro-
gram is designed to showcase 
the work of national and inter-
national film and video anists. 
A comedy, classical music 
video, drama and a 30-second 
documentary will all be shown. 
Info: 594-4792. 

• Tickets go on sale tomorrow 
at 4 p.m. at all Ticketmaster 
outlets for NIrY_' s concert 
at the Sports Arena on Dec. 29. 
Info: 570-1222. 

• J 

BY JEFF NIESEL 
Hiatus Editor 

Bassist Charlie Haden will headline 
the annual UCSD event 

assist Charlie Haden 
has been on the cutting 
edge of jazz impro-
visation since 
hooking up with 

OmetteColemanin 1957. 
Since then, Haden has 
gone on to form a number . 
of ensembles. playing 
with the likes of John 
Coltnu'le. Keith Jarrett and 
even the young saxophon-
ist Joshua Redman. 
Haden's Quartet West, 
which released the criti-
cally acclaimed Haunted 
Heart last year, will head-
line the UCSD Jazz Festival, 
which takes place in the Price 
Center Plaza Saturday 
noon. The Kevin 
Eubanks Trio, 
See JAZZ, 
page H4 



HIATUS 2 The UCSD Guardian 

CONCERTS 

SONOR Concert 
Haroey Sollberger will conduct UCSDs 

experimental music. ensemble 
By Barry A. Brown 
Guardian Reporter . 

Audience members attending 
Wednesday's SONOR Concert 
shouldn't expect a traditional clas-
sical music concert. The perfor-
mance will provide a forum for the 
presentation of experimental mu-
sic which will challenge both the 
musicians and the audience. Two 
of the composers will also present 
a talk at 7 p.m. in the Recital Hall. 

SONOR's members include 
Music Department faculty and stu-
dents, as well as local musicians 
from the San Diego Symphony. 
Thomas Nee and Harvey 
Sollberger, UCSD's newest music 
faculty member, will conduct the 
performance which will feature 
works by John Adams, Stephen 
Mosko, Mel Powell and UCSD 
Professor Emeritus Will Ogdon. 

Soli berger, a conductor, com-
poser and flautist, made his debut 
as SONOR conductor in 1992, the 
same year he joined the UCSD 
faculty. In a recent interview, 
Soli berger discussed SONOR, 
music theory and the relationship 
between music and the university. 

Sollberger said that Wed-

nesday's concert will explore mu-
sic composed by challenging Cali-
fornia-based composers. 

"There is a definite theme to 
this concert," Sollbergersaid. "We 
are focusing on music written by 
California composers. We were 
lookingforpieces that were engag-
ing, challenging and interestingand 
represented significantly different 
compositional points of view. 

"People can come to the concert 
and talk to the composers before 
the concert. This takes the per-
formers and the composers off the 
stage, and it removes the distance 
that very often exists at a tradi-
tional concert." 

Soli berger has always been in-
terested in breaking down tradi-
tions. pursued throughout his ca-
reer. He believes contemporary 
music must continue to change with 
the times. 

"I think if anything, the defini-
tion of music - the idea of what 
music is - has had the walls 
knocked out of it. Music is not just 
a matter of repeating ad infinitum 
certain classics that, as wonderful 
as they are, at a cenain point cease 
to tell us anything new about us or 

CHARUE 
HADEN·~ 

QUARTET 
WEST 

our conditions as human beings 
living today in 1993." 

Sollberger added that Ameri-
can universities are one of the best 
places to forge new forms of mu-
sic. 

"I think it's important 10 recog-
nize that in the United States, the 
university plays a primary role as 
patron and sponsor of artistic ac-
tivity to a degree that it does not in 
any other part of the world," he 
said. "As a result, vanguard work 
in the arts - that is, exploratory 
work in the arts that pushes the 
envelope and leads to the develop-
ment of musical thinking - is very 
much centered in universities. 

"I came to UCSD primarily be-
cause I knew this was an environ-
ment where research into the pos-
sibilities of new forms of musical 
expression was not just tolerated 
but actively encouraged." 

A SONOR concert does not pro-
vide a way to escape the harsh 
realities of academic life or calm 
one's nerves. 

"I don't think people should 
come to our concerts to be lulled or 
reassured. People coming to 
SONOR's concerts will be con-

Thursday Novemher II, 199~ 

Music Department 
H.rvey SoIIJera_ls. conductor, fIaItIst.nd composer. 

fronted with unusual , unexpected 
things, some of which may delight 
them, others of which may surprise 
or even shock them," Sollberger 
said. "These pieces speak very di-
rectly - you do not have to be a 

'J'1IL'nSlMl' 

$1 

specialist or a profess ional to be 
moved or excited by them ." 

The SONOR Concert will take 
place Wednesday at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium . For more 
information, call 534-M67. 

COLLEGE BEER NIGHT 
COLLEGE PIZZA 

& PITCHER NIGIIT 

KEVlW EUBAWKS 
TRIO 

HOllY HOFMANN'~ 
FOUR WOMEN ONLY 

THE 000 JAIl ENSEMBlE 
Price Center Plaza 

UC San Diego !IIII-~­
Call: 53%167 Nov.13-Saturday 

From ASU(SD & Unive"ity Evenn NOON-5:30 .m. 

Alll0-oz. Microbrewed beers 
$1 after 7 pm 

Rem.,,6er-Gl1 $1 been are DOt the,ame. 

• All Pizzas 
• All 48-oz. pitchers 

(arlat 1 pm) $5 each 

BEING-FIT® 
At only $22 a month with no 

contract, you can't get a 
better bargaIn. 

NO INITIATION FEE * 

• AEAOIICS ,lFECYClES 
,FREE WEIGHtS 'REE8OK STEPS 
,STAIfIIIASTBIS ,ClEAN AND SPACIOUS 
• NAunLUS , PEJIS()NAL IN8TIIUC1ION 

, 41aES FIIOII CAIIPUS 

3968 Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
Clliremont Squ .. Shopping Center 
(Near Lee Wards, behind Famous Footwear) 

483·9294 
also located near SDSU (698-1702) 

FbI vIfit ~I 

Thunday, November 11, 1993 

THIS WH:K 

today 
Japan-bashing is the theme of 
R,.",. Sun, which stars Sean 
Connery and Wesley Snipes. The 
film shows at 6:30, 9 and I 1:30 
p.m. in the Price Center Theatre. 
Tickets are $1 in advance, $2 the 
day of the show. Info: 534-6467. 

The UCSD Gospel Choir 
will perform under the direction of 
Ken Anderson in Mandeville Au-
ditorium at 8 p.m. Student tickets 
are $3. Info: 534-4830. 

friday 
Unfinished Business will 
be shown as part of the Committee 
for World Democracy Political 
Film Series at 7 p.m. in Solis 107. 
Admission is free. 

saturday 
CellI R ...... '. guitar students 
will perform in Erickson Hall at 4 
p.m. Admission is free. (nfo: S34-
4830. 

The UCSD Guardian 

AND 
Info: 534-4090. 

A SONOR Concert will be con-
ducted by Harvey Sollberger. The 
performance will be in Mandevi lle 
Auditorium at 8 p.m . Tickets for 
students are $6. Info: 534-4830. 

take place at noon in the Price 
Center Plaza. Charlie Haden's 
Quartet West, The Kevin Eubanks 
Trio, Holly Hofmann's Four 
Women Only and the UCSD Jazz 
Ensemble will perform. Admis-
sion is free. Info: 534-4090. 

Hillcrest at 7:30 p.m. Info: 298-
8610. Anthony Nav.rrete, Laura 

Harris and Molly Rhodes, 

The L. Joli. Symphony 
will perform "Stravinsky and 
Mother Russia" in Mandeville Au-
ditorium at 8 p.m. This program 
will be repeated Sunday at 3 p.m. 
Tickets for students are $6. Info: 
534-4830. 

sunday 

tuesday 
The Cal-Ani mage Beta Chapter 
will present the subtitled Japanese 
animation films M.ison 
Ikkoku 130, CIty Hunter 
127 and Gr.ve of the Fire-
flies at 7:30 p.m. in Solis 107. 
Admission is free. 

Hot Shots: P.rt Deux shows 
in the PriceCenterTheatre at 8 and 
10:30 p.m. Tickets are $1 in ad-
vance, $2 at the door. Info: 534-
6467. 

Georce lewis will direct an Judy Pettigrew. Boyle will 
improvisation music class in lecture on "Coping With Holiday 
Erickson Hall at 8 p.m. Admission Stress" at the Barnes and Noble 
is free. Info: 534-4830. Bookstore in Del Mar from 7 to 9 

monday 
Former Bad Company lead singer 
PMd Rod ..... will play at the 
Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach 
at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are $20. Info: 
481-9022. 

Del IIIc:Mrds will read from 
and sign Superstars: Twelve Les-
bians Who Clumged the World at 

p.m. Info: 481-4038. 

Depeche Modeplays with The 
The at the Sports Arena at 7:30 
p.m. Ticketsare$23.50and$28.50. 
Info: 278-TIXS. 

wednesday 

Ph.D. students in literature, will 
read their poelry and fiction at 4:30 
p.m. in the Geisel Room in the 
Central Library. Info: 534-1276. 

THEATRE 
Sledcehammer Theatre: 
"The Revenger's Tragedy" runs 
through Nov. 14. Performances are 
at 8 p.m. Thursday through Satur-
day. Tickets for students are $5. 
In fo: 544-1484. 

CaN Del Prado Theatre: The 
San Diego Junior Theatre will 
pre ent "Snow White" through 
Nov. 14. The company is com-
posed of students berween the ages 
of eight and 18. Performances are 
Friday at 7 p.m. and Saturday and 
Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets range 
from $5 to $7. Info: 239-8355. 

The Annual J.u ,.ttY .. will the Blue Door Bookstore in 
The .......... andBIM:ksmIth 
Union, two local rock bands, will 
play at Poncr's Pub at 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets are $5 for UCSD students. 

BI.ckfrlars Theatre: Isaac 
Bashevis Singer and Eve 
Friedman's "Teibele and Her De-
mon" will continue through Nov. 
2 t. The play is an erotic fable set in 
a remote Jewish village. Perfor-
mances are Thursday through Sat-
urday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2 and 
8 p.m. Tickets for students are $1 O. 
(nfo: 234-9583. 

HIATUS 3 

GALLER IES 
M.ndeville Gallery: "Lari 
Pittman : Puinti ngs and WOI'ks on 
Paper," a collection of paimings 
by the Los Angeles artist. will be 
on display through Dec. 12. G,d-
lery hours are Tuc,day through 
Sunday from noon t() 5 p.m. Ad-
mission is free . In fo : 534-1864. 

San Diego Museum of Art: 
Prints by acclai med Aillerican art-
ist Helen Frankenthaler wi II be on 
exhibit through Dec. :; . Gallery 
huurs are Tuesday through Llnday 
10 a.m. to .. UO p.l11 . Info: 232-
7931 . 

Museum of Contemporary 
Art: "Co lllemporury Me:>.il:an 
Women Painter~" will be (I ll di~ ­
play through No\'. 14 . Gal kry 
hours are 10 a.lll. to 5 p.m. Tues-
day through lIl1da) . Info: 454-
3541 . 

Porter Randall Gallery: Thir-
teen artists will be k:llured ill an 
exhibit entitled "OtT the Wall." 
Local poet Ron Shane will per-
form a rock version or Milt()n'~ 
Pamdi.\·(! Los! Friday at7 p.m. Gal-
lery hours are Tue~day through 
Friday 10a.l11 . ro 5 p.I11 ., nool1105 
p.m. Saturday . Info: :;51 -8884. 

Museum of Photographic 
Arts: Photos by San Francisco 
photographer Linda Connor .Ire on 
display through Nov. 14. Gallery 
hOUl'sare I Oa.lll . w5 p.m. Monday 
through Sunday. Admission is $3. 
Info: 239-5262 . 

" ... Sheer virtuosity. " 
S.F. Examincr 

Nov. 18&19 
THURSDAY & 

FRIDAY- BPM 
SPRECKELS 

THEATRE 
UCSD 

BoxOmCE 
534-6461 

~il'''''''''. 
...-.:r.1:'~:ft~:.. 
.i., • .,..·Tlxa 

~-

-

-



HIATUS 4 

JAZZ: Haden 
discusses politics 
Continued from pace H1 
Holly Hofmann's Four Women 
Only and Jimmie Cheatham's Jazz 
Ensemble will also perform. Dur-
ing a recent phone interview, 
Haden talked about the timeless 
quality of jazz and his political 
work with the Liberation Music 
Orchestra. 
Gu.rdl.n: Your perfor. 
runce ...... wII be for a 
maslly student ....tIence. 
Do you pneraly play to 
youn&_ ....u.nc..? 

Haden: We play at a lot of uni-
versities. Quanet West's Haunted 
Heart was the top album on cam-
pus radio stations. Our music has a 
lot of depth and beauty. I think 
young people are really ready for 
something that is more meaning-
ful and deeper than what they've 
been exposed to. 

i· 

The Quartet West album is ap-
pealing because it is all aboutfilm 
noir and Los Angeles in the '40s 
and about not playing in the past, 
but being inspired by the beauty of 
the past and the values. And the 
music is beautiful too. 
..... exactly Is SO ....,. .. 
In& about Hollywood In the 
'40s .... '50s? Do you think 
movies tocIIIy ........ ,. up 
to the noIr films of that 
period? 

II was just a period of time in 
Los Angeles that had a lot of depth 
creatively, culturally and artisti-
cally. It's just fascinating for me 
to study the architecture, writing, 
film and music. 

Los Angeles - well, it still is 
a great place - but it has changed 
a lot. Back in that time there was 
really special stuff going on with 
composers, writing and all the arts. 

I think very few films today 
measure up. [Roben Altman's) 

The UCSD Guardian 
) 

Short Cuts does, but most of the 
films coming out of studios [to-
day1 are made to make a lot of 
money and that's about it. 
You fonned the LIberation 
Mu.Ic Orches ....... the'60s 
to ..... ,....~ ...... 
throu&h music. What hRe 
you accomplshed with the 
&rOUP ..... what do you think 
Is the reIatIonlh.., between 
Jazz and politics? 

I was very concerned about 
what was going on in the world 
politically at the time. I made the 
first record in 1969 when Vietnam 
was happening and political lead-
ers were being assassinated. There 
were a lot of things going on that I 
felt I had to voice my concern 
about, and that's why I formed the 
orchestra. Since then we have made 
two more records, and all three 
have been made during Republi-
can presidencies, bull guess that's 
when I felt the need to do them. 

D 
0 
M 
I 
N 
0 
S 

8:00 pII1 
1'7C.IUit' ~ ~575";If. 
1lI~ •• "A't TOW'-. t " lJ.IIC~U. 

_ -., "MII: •• ~ • .., • • _ 

619/278-TIXS 

18 and up 
11X 

I don't think you can be a sen-
sitive human being in the world 
without being involved politically. 
Your whole life is affected by 
what's going on in the world, and 
if people are not concerned with 
that, they're probably just walk-
ing zombies. You have to be con-
cerned with what is going on 
around you and try to do some-
thing to contribute to the quality of 
life. 

Whether I am making a politi-
cal album or a non-political al-
bum, I have the same energy, dedi-
cation and commitment. I think 
the art form of jazz, because it 
struggles to be free, is a political 
art form and always has been . 
Some Jazz musicians are 
tumln& to more experlmen· 
tal forms of music such as 
electronic music and rap. 
Do you see yourse" ever 
doln& this? 

Most of the rap music I have 

ThlU'sda y November Ll , 1993 

encountered has been very violent 
and degrading to women, and it's 
a turnoff when I hear something 
like that. 

There will always bea place for 
traditional jazz. As long as there 
are people who are concerned 

. about humanity and have compas-
sion for life, there will be people 
who want to hear deep music and 
that' s what jazz is. Without people 
who want to hear the music, the art 
form wouldn't flouri sh. 
I understand that your 
daughters have formed an 
alternative rock group called 
That DoC. Are you a fan? 

Oh yeah . They're the best band 
in the world . The influence from 
me that I hear is their ears . They' ve 
got great ear. for music. My fam-
ily taught [me] the importance of 
brilliant intonation , and I think 
that kind of rubbed offon my kids. 
They are all very musical and very 
talented. 

Advertise 
in the 

Guardian 

Call 
534-3466 

This Saturday Night 

I • 

November 13th 
10 :30pm, $4 at the door 
WIN A FREE T-SHIRT! 

409 Studio Theatre 
at the North end of Russell Drive 

across from new Visual Arts Building 
I j • A 

I .•. _. 

Thunday, Novelllher 11,1993 The UCSD Guardian 

MU S Ie 

ueSD Gospel Choir 
Choir boasts nearly 600 members 

By SUsan BronzIni 
Guardl"" Reporter 

Although the 300 members of 
the UCSD Gospel Choir will 
barely fit on the stage of 
Mandeville Auditorium when they 
perform tonight, they will aclu-
ally represent only halfofthechoir. 
The Gospel Choir, under the di-
rection of Ken Anderson, is one of 
the largest choirs in the country. 

When it was formed in 1972, 
thechoirconsisted of a small num-
ber of faculty and students who 
met together once a week to sing 
gospel and spiritual songs. This 
year, large classes are held four 
nights a week in the spacious 
Warren Lecture Hall. 

Anderson, the Gospel Choir in-
structor for the past four years, 
Anderson was previously involved 
with the group as its senior pianist. 
He was hired as second director 
when the growing choir needed 
more leadership. Anderson staned 
at UCSD as a student in 1983 and 
has been instrumental in the choir's 
massive success. 

Courtesy of Keith AleXIS 
Ken Anderson Is the-director of UCSD'I IOSpel choir. 

Instead of crediting himself, 
Anderson attributes the choir's 
su\XCSs to student word-of-mouth. 
Currently, 579 students are en-
rolled, but more than 600 attend 
performances because UCSD 
graduates, community college stu-
dents and locally based singers 
participate in the evening sessions. 

Syracuse University 

Many instructors would prob-
ably refuse to work with a group of 
singers this large, but Anderson 
welcomes anyone to join. He sees 
his role in the group as "almost 
pastoral" because he tries to be a 
leader who is concerned more wi th 
people than with vocal talent. 

Anderson accepts the "experi-
enced and the inexperienced, the 
singer and the non-singer" and 
works with a variety of skill levels 
to create a solid choir. Rather than 
producing top singers, he aims to 
develop the bestperformers becan. 

Division of International Programs Abroad 
119 Euclid Avenue 
Syracuse, New York 13244·4170 
1·800-235·3472 

The Gospel Choir performs fre -
quently around the community, 
singing at churches, school func-
tions and various local events. It 
was recently featured at an AIDS 
benefit. 

The choir also panicipates in a 
goodwill tour each spring, in which 
members travel to Los Angeles 
and Northern California to Sing at 
juvenile halls. 

The UCSD Gospel Choir will 
perform tonight at 8 p.m. in 
Mandeville Auditorium. For more 
information, call 534-6467. 

SYRACUSE ABROAD 
Something to write home about! 
• Programs in Africa, Australia, Belgium, Czech Republic, England, 

France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Poland, and Spain 
• Prior foreign language not always necessary 
• SU credit 

. • Field trips/traveling seminars 
• Internships 
• Study for a semester, a year, or a summer 
• Home or limited apartment placements 

Applications for the Spring 1994 Semester are still being accepted . 

Personal and Confidential Care for Women Since 1969 ... 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING 
EARLY PREGNANCY TEST (Immediate Test ResuUs) 
ABORTION TO 24 WEEKS 
(General or Local Anesthesia) 

OU~~Tllt~WcrILE 

LA MESA 
8881 Flplehcr Pkwy 

(C,1'"1169B·(,C,01 

MISSION VIEJO 
26400 La AI.HT1PCl.l 

171.!1364.(,800 

N[WPORT BEACH 
4501 B,retl SI 
(714) 8:)1·1201 

fiil:l FAMILY PLANNING ASSOCIATES 

MIRAMA 
CAR WASH 

571 G Miramar Road , San Diego 
hl!hi lld the UnoclIl 7() stilt ion 

Mun.-Sat. 8-6 · 455-11 20 

IHAT 

.. 

805 15 

-~ . I 

-



-
HIATUS 6 The UCSD Guardian 

VIEBLeN+ FemmeS 
ADD 1+ UP TEBUR 

Il1chlUlIlQ notllI1S011·!:·MClY. lownr Rer:ords. Music Plus. selecl Wherflhouse IOCCllions, 
Ails Tlx . rp.lkil1~ B?ok WOl1l1 ill1d llie J\zlecCfll1ler .Box Ollice. No .. ~ 
r.()1l1 :1II1A1~ 01 ;lIlY killd or Cllr.oliohr. oovflr;)ges pAll111 11flO on or ilround .. ~~ 
1I1p. IClClhly 10 Chillgfl by pholl!! cnU?l8 IIXS. 

JAMES 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

KEN NORDINE 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

EVE'S PLUM 

·~ .. .Ie·s ~ 
f/UfVl ~ envy 

~--. 
OlU[ 

DIE lllCE SOMEONE 
I WAHl IT All 

'lOtuS fIIU lS PlUTO 

~ 

lUWU\ RiCURUS \ ~\uiU 

PJ HARVEY 

8.99 CD 4.99 CS 

MAE MOORE 

MAE./.~~?R~ 
... ~ ~. ~~rtkO 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

MAJESTY CRUSH 

• 

THE WONDER STUFF 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 

RED RED GROOVY 
, RED RED GROOVY "25" 

f .. ~- "I' I ~~ .-
•• 

'UrURlNGANOrHIR kiNO 0' "NO 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
MY LIFE WITH THE 
THRILL KILL K L T 

11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 11.99 CD 7.99 CS 
~..,:; OPEN 9AM TO MIDNIGHT EVERVDA V! SALE ENOS 11I30Il3 

lBUliQ QitBRnS \ ,,\Din 
EL CAdON • SPORTS ARENA • COLLEGE AREA 
EL CAJON 
796 Fletcher Parkway (OP£N '_10 ,_ 
Acrou from Pm_, PIIIz. 
(619) 579·9701 NO RENTALS 

SPORTS ARENA 
34101 Spof1. A~. Blvd. 
MCORDS ...... ........................... (619) 224-3333 
VINO ......... 3393 Kemper 51. (619) 222·n75 

6405 EI Cajon Blvd 
,..,10 Art 51. Po., Ollie. 
... CORDS ...................... (619) 287·1420 
V"'O .......... ............ .. ...... (6 19) 287·1934 

. .. .... . , .. 

Thursday November U , 1993 

MOVIES 

RoboCop3 
Film loses its edge as it 
embraces family values 

By Billy Hwang 
Guardian Reporter 

Imagine, if you can, a RoboCop 
film that the whole family can 
watch. It might seem impossible, 
but Robocop 3 is just such a film. 

Anyone expecting the action 
and violence of the first two mov-
ies will be disappointed with the 
family-oriented approach of this 
film . although this picture is still 
too violent to be considered a kid 
flick . 

The RoboCop series appears to 
be in a transition period, moving 
away from its testosterone-i n-
jected. explosion-a-minute, angry-
hero-kills-all image. 

The plot of RoboCop 3 is basi-
cally the same as the first two 
movies. only more predictable and 
less complex. Theevil Omni-Con-
sumer Productions Corporation 
(OCP) still owns the Detroit po-
lice and RoboCop. 

This time, however, a Japanese 
organization called Kanemitsu 
ownsOCP. The company wants to 
convert Detroit into Delta City, a 
Jetsons-like utopia, and recruit the 
help of a ruthless military unit 
called the Rehabilitation Police to 
drive innocent slum dwellers out 
of their decrepit homes to start 
construction. 

The only obstacle in the way of 
the Delta City developers is a 
single, shabby neighborhood pro-
tt..:~c.O by a small underground re-
sistance group. 

This is where RoboCop comes 
in. He joins the resistance, rebeJ-
ling against OCP. After siding with 
the underdogs, he gets a new heart, 
much like the Tin Man in The 
Wizard o/Oz, and is reprogrammed 
to oppose and kill OCP officials. 
The rest of the story is easy to 
predict. 

The film's violence is toned 
down compared to the previous 
two films. Robots don't fire bul-
lets into a corporate official for 
over a minute and brain surgeons 
don't perform graphic operations. 
Those who enjoy action in their 
films should stay away from this 
one. 

The psychological and moral 
conflicts involved in making a man 
into a machine are also abandoned 
in exchange for a good coplbad 
cop rivalry. RoboCop no longer 

suffers moral contlicts. Memo-
ries of the family he had as a 
human do not moti\'ate him 
anymore. His new heart makes 
him completely human. and he 
even becomes a falher-figure 
to an orphaned girl. 

RoboCop is transformed 
into a good cop without any 
mental problems, and he op-
poses the bad cops who kill 
women and children and \.:a-
vort wilh prostitute . . 

Another indication that 
RoboCop is making the move 
toward family entertainment is 
the absence of the original a\.:-
tors. Peter Weller has been re-
placed by Robert Burke as 
RoboCop, and Rip Torn stars 
as the new corporate business 
executi ve. Lewis. RoboCop' 
partner, is sti ll played by Nancy 
Allen. but she ha a limited 
role. 

Nikko (Remy Ryan). the 
child computer whiz we aresup-
posed to sympathize wi th, gains 
the audience's annoyance rather 
than compa. sion when . he de-
stroys the suspense of every 
good action scene. 

The only interesting aspect 
of RoboCop 3 is the robot that 
Kanemitsu builds in order to 
keep RoboCop off its back. In 
the form of a tall , muscular, 
Japanese man, this robot .has 
the fine sse of Arnold 
Schwarzenegger in Terminator 
2 and the style of a Japanese 
pop star. 

However. if you are watch-
ing this film in anticipation of 
the confront'ation between 
RoboCop and the Kanemitsu 
robot, you will be disappointed 
to see that the Ninja-machine is 
easily destroyed and RoboCop 
suffers little harm . 

RoboCop 3 is something 
between an action film and a 
family movie, and it suffers 
because it lets both audiences 
down. The film 's structure in-
dicates that the old, violent 
RoboCop action movies are 
gone and the kinder, gentler 
RaboCop kl'H films are on their 
way. 

Don ' t be surpri sed if 
RoboCop 4 is an animated 
Disney film . 

Call for' 
SENSITIVE, AFFORDABLE 

dental care 
LA OLLA VILLAGE DENTAL OFFICE 

lames E. Sanford D.D.S. 
General, Preventative, and Cosmetic Services 

Rda .... trl. Jt·;fllrl~f atlllllSpfhTt • . \(tlllhtt' .1(M, CDA, S/>CDS 

LA JOLLA VIUAGE PROFESSIONAL CENTER 
8950 VIUA LA JOUA DR., SUITE 2103 
Top Floor, !lIst beMttil lilt EI(pbnlll Bn r 

558·3490 
Em/jill'S & SntllrilnY 

Apptj",,;mts Arnilllbk 


